IMPERIAL REPRESENTATIVE
OF DRAGON THRONE LANDS
ON SOIL OF THE OCCIDENT
' PARIS,; April ilJ.^TheXTokio';'cor
respondent : of the Matin ;• telegraphs
that ; the : gol d "reserve ; , in \ the "Japanese
Banki: there > -Is" $75,000,000?, arid that
$9,500,000 :irit gold*. was sefit= tofAmcr
ice during the month of March.* ' •=''
Gold ; Reserve ; of Japan.
Continued on '? Pa»« 2. r r«J— «•• 7 *.
Major Hugh ' Dennis '' Dies.
ST. LOUIS, April 17.— Major Hugh
C. Dennis, president of tfie ; Rial to
Grain. and Securities Company," from
which United States' Senator. Burton
was convicted .of having illegally; ac
cepted fees, died at his home here to-
BARCELONA DISTURBED
BY EXPLOSION OF BOMB
Presence of Kins Alfonso and Pre
mier Maura Increases the '
. Excitement. I
BARCELONA, Spain. April 17.—^A
bomb exploded at 8 o'clock to-night
In the Plaza del Torres. The result
was harmless, but the explosion
created a panic, owing to the fact
that King Alfonso and Premier Maura
ore still here.
Foiirteen-Year-Old John Bailey of
Willows Loses His Life
Near. Home. **
WILLOWS, April 17.— John Bailey,
the. fourteen-year-old son of Sheriff
Jack' Bailey, . waj* drowned In V swim-'
ming pool about a mile and a half
northeast of tovrn this afternoon." The
little fellow was swimming with com
panions when ¦ he cried for help, but
the lads. were unable to save him. 1 The
body^was\ recovered an hour after the
accident.
SHERIFF'S . SON DROWNED
IN A SWIMMING POOL
. HAVANA, April 17.— Dr. Matias
Dupue, the: Cuban physician, who \ has
long devoted : himself to_ the-, study) of
leprosy among sufferers from this ter
rible .malady in Colombia ; and 'the"
Isthmus of Panama," as as ¦ in r the
Lepers', Hospital of Havana, annburiecs
the discovery of a remedy for the dis
ease, which, in' numerous ; cases, } has
been tested and found,' to bring relief,
and, in a number, of instances,; com
plete •¦ cures, i >The medium * of I cure ' is
prepared" from 4 trie; bark^ and; sap of
the "manglerojo," or sea ; grape.'iwhlch
grows" along 'Uhe : northern', coast ¦ of
the Plriar del • Rio provinces, west •; of
Bahia Honda. ; ; :^r
Cuban Physician Says in' Number of
Cases He \ Has Proved Worth .,
of His Medicine. f
CLAIMS HE HAS , CURE ' ,
FOR THE DREAD LEPROSY
WASHINGTON', April 17. — The
Navy Department to-day received a
dispatch from Rear Admiral A. S.
Barker, commanding the North At
lantic fleet, giving the personnel of the
court of inquiry that Is engaged in
making an investigation 'of the cause
of the recent accident on the Missouri.
They are Rear Admiral Chadwlck,
president of the court; Captain Joseph
N. Hemphill, commanding the Kear-'
sarge, and Commander William *H. H.
Sutherland, ! commanding the Cleve
land, with Lieutenant Mark Bristol as
Judge advocate. It is expected that
the court will complete. its inquiry the
present week and on its findings will
depend whether further, proceedings
are to be had in t the matter. , * ' 'V ¦
BARKER SELECTS BOARD
TO INVESTIGATE EXPLOSION
Notifies Xavy Department That Chad
wick. Hemphill and Jsutherland
Will Inquire Into Accident.
SEATTLE, April 17. — W. W. Bel
vin of Boston is in Seattle to supervise
the construction of the Port Angeles
and Eastern Railroad from Port An
geles, on. the Straits, southeasterly.
He announces that work will begin
within thirty days and be pushed
steadily. The line Is already/graded
several miles from Port Angeles. It
Is supposed to be headed for Seattle.
Belvin represents Boston capital. He
was confidential agent of Henry ViL
lard in Seattle for a number of years,
and was: formerly president of the San
Francisco and Eastern, which graded
160 miles into the San,Joaquin Valley
and sold to the Southern Pacific. '¦*¦:'?.".
Well " Known Boston Promoter Says
Work Will Begin on New
Port Angeles Line.
GOES TO SEL\TTLF:
TO BUILD RAILROAD
The Prince,"- who does not speak Eng
lish,' was introduced by*Wong;Kai i Kah'/
the "ChinesesTcommlssionerf.to-ithe. St;
Louis i Exposition,*' a master .of > English
and a" ; graduated • scholar.';^* - %:^-.i -:' ;-/.'^~ ¦
*js Prince i Pu j Lun , isl the " second f of royal
bl ood '¦', to i visi 1 1 this : country. ;; ; ,The* first
was • Prince ; Tsal \ Chen,* a ; cousin » of % the
Emperor.? '. Prince I thoroughly,^ en"
joyed .himself r:duririgithe?.voyage;-< and
dally played a, game ¦: of V shuffle-board
He wasidressed Un the, robes^of »his
office. * His coat was 'of '¦ brilliant: yellow,
satin and ,_ his - trousers were ; . of; deep
blue.' From his cap depended; the^royal
peacock feather ..with : \ the < three? great
diamond 1 eyes.' : \ On^ his *lef tt breast;.was
pinned ; the (magnincent ; .jeweled ibadge
representing the Vflrst ' order, of ' the ¦ ris^'
ing sun. . *.j^ " ' '-'y-'''-:,'^".^ ''^ : : >-':^^ .:
With a ' blaze v of > trumpets ; and J a
great fanfare .his : Imperial Highness
Pu Lun and . attendants r.were j received
on the Pacific > Mail: Steamship V wharf
last night. <..,,--- '•¦,;;: ; '
The preliminary] reception- took. place
on board j the : steamship Gaelic j she
was passing in * - through £¦ the v G,olden
Gate, and was .folio wed J by an f oyatio ri
in : Chinatown.' 'The' reception ; commit;
tee was 'composed of? Consul .^General'
Chung Pao s Shi,*, Vice : Consul, Owykng
King, Secretary. Fung Sun' and 'the^sec^
retary- of the legation- at 'Washington"
Chow Tsz Chl.\ • * * '''>¦ : !-"r" T -'-fZ
• The; moment the : yellbw^. quarantine
flag was f pulled down" from the "fore-,
mast of the jj Gaelic. I the , Golden £ Gate
ran alongslde,?and the reception t com
mittee-was ushered ion. board; and* the
members extended '.to the;^Prince, a' for
mal and hearty welcome } to ,thls r . coun
try.' - Thet Prince,, whof is; a, man, of .; 32
years,; received \ his (Visitora.jinV'a^cm:^
dial manner/^. 4^ X, vll.u,.: .v'v i
-; Soon -after ' 7.' o'clock the, two large
arches on Dupont. street, one at the
corner of Sacramento and the other at
the : corner of Jackson, -were lighted.
The effect was something extraneous
to the. Chinese section and with the
abundance of color and glow made an
unusual sight.. -.
' Soon . the • word was given that the
procession ; was approaching * on , Mont
gomery_street, and when the strains of
music reached, the ears of 'the waiting
throng the demonstration began. This,
however, died down before the Prince's
carriage' reached street, and
his • ride .'along this thoroughfare ; was
made; In silence. At: the ; head of the
line was a' band, then came the mount
ed : policemen. : f ;By ' the ' side of the
Prince's t carriage /.were policemen on
f oqt.V arid >. Detective .George McMahon
rode on the front : seat x wlth- the Chinese
Consul General' of i San "Francisco, who
accompanied; the>. party. ~It was with
difficulty * tha,t Athe f police .-; cleared - the
way, for :the : pageant itoVpass. -. -Q
> The • parade was .' an unusual \ one. " In
addition? to. the many '.carriages about
forty; automobiles .were, In '/line,: and
those 1 who % rode I In I them carried ' flags
and streamers. .'The ; vehicles contained
pont street was blocked and had all
the appearance of the Condition during
Chinese new year festivities. ,,Ten ¦' po>
1 icemen preserved ortler' and took up
their. positions at different stations. The
crowd lined Kearny 3trtet. from Sacra
me'nto; to California, - and at each - cor
ner was almost impassable. On every
balcony* were seated Chinese women
and childi en adorned in gorgeous rai
ment, each holding. a flag and joining
heartily . in the spirit of the reception.
ARCHES DAZZLE VISITORS.
"¦ . The [Chinese i throng iwas ¦, increased by
thousands 'of * the t foreigners ;that /came
to, witness .the,paradeand'see<the, man
of ? royalty. 1 - -Soon" after" 6 > o'clock'} Du-
v';" It r was -nearly {8 . o'clock ¦ last feveriihg
.before.; the Prince "Imperial -'arrived in
the ;' Chinese .quarter. ,' His^cornlng had
been announced some:hc/urs .beforehand:
nearly {eyery^ inhabitant^of 'the 'district
,was< somewhere 1 ; on ;.the, line ,'of imarch
to 'catch >V glimpse 61 him..-' The istreets
\vere~ tastefully , arched " arid .: decorated
and brilliantly. illuminated with r electric
andfimmense ;Chinese ; lanterns. TiFlags;
both and -; those ; bearing < the
j of? the f.dragon.'l floated* every
"where^and;- the < Chinese . section*, of Jthe
city.? never = presented ; a rj better; appear
'ancer •v^'". !4 v.' J; .* : .'-'",Vr*.X--".r •!-"' '.*.- .x"^' 1 -'
.. I . now deeply, regret that I am unable to
"address ¦ you " In - English, but 1 want i to • thank
you one - arid all for - the I Courtesy 3 you have
extended me on 'this •boat.-"'.'I expect ,y when I
return after going to ; the' St. * Louis Exposi
tion , an ¦ the ¦ Imperial commissioner . from ' Cblna
that. I shall become more fluent with your Ian
guace..;¦'•!' have enjoyed my ; ; trip' across' the
Pacific ' Immensely';- and " I '• now - wish ; you ¦• all
to -rise, ami Join .'me In drinking the health
of -. tho ¦,'. women • of < 'America. ' whom . I
nave ,"been "so- happy to 'meet -on board this
Ehip.V I "'expect America' to' bi> a Rrcst revela
tion 'to. me.--' I "am "the first; member -of ; the
Imperial £family<.to comeUothls \Vestern land,'
and lam' looking /forward .with' great -pleasure
to' my ..visit Mni thai great .country over-, which
floats : the s-Stam and ; Stripes, "ii*,"""" — J-4
! During. the entertainment the Prince
made a speech which was" translatecTby
his interpreter. He spoke. as follows: . -
PRINCE SPEAKS.
with. Captain"/ FinchiiMissB.E. Camp
bell and .Mrs." A. J. Coltee. He. was con
sidered extremely. democratic-.The third
day out-from Honolulu he gave a ban
quet,, to; which he 'invited • all "of \the
cabin passengers. It ,was elaborate and
.was. .enlivened by! magnums - of spark-'
Prince ; Pu Lun,; Bedecked With a Royal Peacock F
Is Received With; Honors ;by His Country men.
1 IMPERIAL REPRESENTATIVE OF THE CHINESE THRONE. WHO WILL. ACT FOR EMPEROR AT THE ST. LOUIS FAIR.
AND. HIS INSTRUCTOR. -THE VICE COMMISSIONER, TO THE -EXPOSITION. WHO ACCOMPANIES ¦ THE : MEMBER OF
ORIENTAL ROYALTY ON HIS* FIRST, FOREIGN ,TOUR. ' .. -•- «,'. '...-•.
MADISON, Wis., April 17.—Profes
sors C..F. Burgess \ and .Carl Ham
buechin of the College of Engineering
of the University of Wisconsin' have
discovered a method' of making pure
iron at small cost." Under the new dis
covery, which is the result of; three
years of. research work, the product
can be made for a fraction of a cent
per pound. -The process is '. similar to
that used in refining copper, an elec
tric current 1 taking the impure iron
from a Opiate and depositing .it in a
pure state upon another plate..
The pure iron has valuable proper
ties not possessed by ordinary Iron, or
steel. On account- of ; its electrical
properties it is a valuable, material for
constructing electrical apparatus and
it furnishes means for making special
steel alloys of great strength and hard
ness. •',¦¦'
Wisconsin Scientists Claim to < Have
Found Means of Producing Metal '
. at Low Cost.
NEW METHOD OF MAKING
PURE IRON IS DISCOVERED
..VIENNA, April .17.— It is reported
from Budapest that negotiations are
proceeding between prominent Hun
garian financiers and the Hamburg-
American line looking to the organi
zation, of an independent steamship
company -in Hungary. • The purpose of
the negotiations is that the new com
pany, - aided by the Hamburg-Amer
ican line, shall operate a line of steam
ers from Fiume, Hungary, to New
York, to compete with the Cunard
line for the American emigrant traffic.
It appears doubtful whether the com
pany could obtain the* necessary con
cession from the Hungarian Govern
ment.
Reports From Budapest Indicate That
Financiers Are Interested in Amur
lean Emigrant Trafflc. '/T.'V
CUNARD LINE MAY HAVE
OPPOSITION IN HUNGARY
CHICAGO. April 17. — Another in
structor has departed from the Uni
versity of Chicago faculty. Cause for
this case is said not to be any dis
tasteful teachings, but a' romance
which university authorities were
anxious to check. Miss Lisl Cipriani,
teacher of Italian literature, who at
the last convocation was promoted to
an instructorship, has been given
two years' leave of absence on full
pay. Professor John Matthews
Manly, head of department of English,
has been allowed six months' vacation.
Behind these apparently simple
facts is a story of the engagement of
Miss Cipriani and Professor Manly.
It is said that promotion and , con
tinuation of full salary during her
absence were- granted on condition
that Miss Cipriani never return, as au
thorities do not look with' favor on
her engagement and expected wedding
to the English-professor.
Try to Prevent Marriage of Instruct
ors by Means of Leaves of
Absence.
COLLEGE PROFESSORS
INTERFERE -WITH ROMANCE
Admiral Bridge entered the navy In
1853. Two years later, while
on the corvette Brisk, he paid his only
previous visit Xo San Francisco, which
he found a bustling frontier town. In
1857 he served In the Bay of Bengal
squadron at the time of the great
Sepoy rebellion. He has been a mem-
One of the distinguished passengers
on the liner Gaelic yesterday was Ad
miral Sir Cyprian Bridge, retired, of
the British navy. The admiral is re
turning to England, having reached
the age limit of sixty-five years and
been relieved from the command of the
China station by Sir Girard Noel. He
is staying at the Palace Hotel,. but will
go East this evening and on Saturday
will sail from New York. .
The admiral talked briefly yesterday
of his observations. while in the Orient,
declaring^that the. Russian officers he
met were'"fine fellows" and adding as
regards the Japanese people and their
soldiers:. "The Japanese are conserva
tive, cautious, .Intensely patriotic and
keen about matters of duty and dis
cipline. They belong to a race of war
riors and unquestionably know how, to
make war. ' A- Japanese soldier would
rather die In defense of his Emperor
than surrender." •_ ; ,
ber of ; many, important commissions
on naval and ordnance questiopo a"d
was Director of ' Naval I .telligence
from iSaa to 1SS4," commander iu .....i j.
of the Australian station for. four years
thereafter and': of the China station
since 1901. He reached the rank of vice
admiral in 1901. ,
Admiral Bridge of Navy Pays
Second Visit to^Gity.
[FAMOUS SEA FIGHTER WHO HAS RETIRED KROJT SERVICE AFTER RKACH
. crn :TT~;/T-sy_ ha^k ik gJikat BKiricavg na vt and is now in cm
E.U~RGVTE~TO HIS HOME IN ENGLAND.
Mrs. Stone remarked to the landlady
during the day that she was becoming
weary of the situation and was deter
mined to end it all. She professed later
to be sick and had her j husband sum
moned. Mrs. 'Emma Myers, the ' land
lady, went to the room later and found
Stone lying ) on the bed as though
asleep. Mrs. Stone was sitting up writ
ing.
About 9 o'clock Mrs. Myers visited
the room again. Receiving no answer
to her knock, she called the police,
•who broke down. the door, found Stone
dead and his wife: expiring. Mrs. Stone
before her death declared she had con
siderable property, in Texas.- "" - -:
As near as can be learned by the
police, she gave him poison while they
were together in the room and wrote
the letters either while he was dying
or after he was dead, following him
to eternity after completing the
epistles.
DISCOVERY BY LANDLADY.
She became jealous of Stone and they
had" considerable trouble. The differ
ences were augmented by- Stone's-: re
fusal to let her occupy; the home lu
which he had lived with his first wife
or to let her have charge of ; his 'chil
dren by the former wife.' '3,1/' '
To her Indian blood is. attributed; in
a large degree her supposed" determina
tion to slay him and then to kill her
self. ". " : . ¦ - ¦'¦¦¦ ' ' ' : - ".'v.
Mrs: -Stone? 1 tiaJ^toceri -vtBltligr relatives
in the East : and J^turned'unexpectedly
about a week ago. V : " *
Both were dressefll^fhere were^three
letters, all in Mrs. Stone's handwriting.
One was addressed to her sister;; A
second was an, unaddressed, statement
of family difficulties. The third .was
addressed "To Whom It May Concern."
The man : died several hours ahead of
the woman"^ *%V-* . ' .'.
JEALOUSY THIp CAUSE.
Stone came from Jva well-to-do and
prominent family \ in v Ogden - and was
well known. Mrs. Stone was his sec
ond wife. She was^y employed ¦ as a
stenographer in Denver, where they
met, and is said to|have worked some
time for United States Judge Moses
Hallett. She has Indian blood in her
veins. Stone was 31/years of age _ and
his wife was 25. v "f&tih .
OGDEN, Utah, April.17.— Side by^.side,
one dead and the other dying,- i ' C. i J.
Stone and his wife, formerly Miss
tience La Can ite of Denver, were found
to-night in a room fn .;. the , Whitman
rooming-house. Circumstances indicate
that Mrs. Stone, fli^d; by jealousy,
gave her husband poison, "watched him
die and then took enough of the deadly
drug herself to end her life.
Special Dispatch" to -The Call.
While- a Life Is Passing Letters Are
Written to Explain Long Marital
Difficulties.
War News Continued on Page 2.
News has been received direct from
Nicholas T. Kravtchenko, the Asso
ciated Press special war correspondent
at Port Arthur, thus showing he did
not go down with the battleship Pe
tiopavlovsk, as has been reported.
LONDON. April 18.— The correspond
ent of the Times, on board the steamer
Haimun, sent by wireless telegraph a
description confirming Vice Admiral
Togo's report of the Port Arthur opera
tions. He says that when the Russian
fleet had been enticed fifteen miles out
side the harbor Vice Admiral Togo was
notified. By a piece of bad^ luck the
wind at this' moment freshened and
d'epelled the mist and enabled Admiral
Makaroff to guess the ruse and retire
at full speed for Port Arthur. It was
a magnificent spectacle, but the Rus
sians had not been enticed sufficiently
far from the harbor. At the close of a
three days* engagement on April 15,
the whole Japanese force returned to
the main rendez vou*.
It Is said that the Japanese torpedo
flotilla attack on Port Arthur April 13
was intended to cover a landing from
nine" transports at Shwangtaitse, twen
ty miles southwest of Takushan, with a
view to cutting off the retreat of the
Port Arthur troops to Siuyen and Kai
ping. destroying the railway and pre
venting the troons stationed in South
ern Liaotung from effecting a Junction
with the main Russian forces concen
trated at Liaoyang and Mukden. The
execution of this operation only failed
owing to the fact that all places on the
peninsula suitable for the landing of
troops are protected by mines and are
Well fortified and strongly guarded.
II. Suverine. manager of the Novoe
Vremya. says he has seen a letter dated
March 1,9 frnrn Dr. Volkovltch. who was
drowned on the Petropavlovsk, in
which It is alleged that Vice Admiral
Makaroff and his staff declared that
the Japanese were using submarine
boats and that Port Arthur was not
defended by Russian mines.
A letter from Vladivostok dated
March 27 has been received here,
which says that nobody there believes
that the land operations will be begun
soon. The winter has been especially
cold and there is still much snow.
i-"ince the first bombardment the city
has been tranquil. The cOal mines
are supplying fuel to the railroad and
the city, but this is the only industry
that is being pursued.
CORRESPONDENT IS SAFE.
TROOPS FAIL TO LAND
ST. PETERSBURG. April 17. — A
dispatch from Port Arthur says sev
eral eye witnesses assert that a Jap
anese cruiser was lost outside Port
Arthur April 12 by striking one of its
own floating mines.
According to the reports of spies.
the Japanese troops in Korea have
been ravaged by various diseases.
Pysentery is very prevalent among
the Russians at Ilnrbin.
•Humors were In circulation here to
day of a fresh engagement on the Yalu
River, which had resulted favorably, to
the Russians, but a dispatch received
by the general staff to-night eays that
the situation is unchanged and that all
is quiet on the Yalu.
It Is said that on the evening of the
disaster to the Petropavlovsk Vice Ad
miral Makaroff telegraphed to the Em
peror that he was about to light a de
cisive acMon with the enemy's fleet. A
story is circulated among tht* entourage
of the court that on hearing of the
catastrophe the Emperor wept and, re
ferring to Viceroy AlexieST, exclaimed:
"".That man brings us nothing but ill
luck." It is alleged that the Emperor
v.as with difficulty dissuaded from re
ruoving the Viceroy from his post.
CRUISER RETORTED LOST.
PARIS, April 18. — The Echo de
Paris this morning publishes a dis
patch from its St. Petersburg corres
pondent saying that General Kuropat
kin had wired the Emperor of Russia
indicating the precise positions of the
Russian and Japanese troops on the
Yalu. The dispatch adds that heavy
rains have made the Manchurian
roads almost impassable and opera
tions have been suspended pending an
improvement in the weather.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Echo de Paris cables the follow
ing: "According to an Investigation
made at Paris the Petropavlovsk ca
tastrophe was due to the explosion of
her cylindrical boilers. Two succes
sive explosions occurred under the
boiler deck. The authorities will not
admit that Vice Admiral Togo could
place a mine fo near the entrance to
the port without being perceived.
PORT ARTHUR, April 17.—Ru
rsoi's are current here that twenty
Japanese transports have been sighted
eteaming in the direction of Yinkow.
The Russians impatiently await a Jap
anese landing.
Since the bombardment ol Friday
all has been quiet here. Viceroy Al
exieff has hoisted his flag on the
battleship Sevastopol. The Easter
gifts received from the Grand Duch
csseg have been distributed to the
soldiers and sailors.
Woman Wattles the Death
Agony ol tile Helpless
Husfianfe
Czar Informed of
Situation on
the Yalu.
i"j ' •• ¦ '" ¦ HAT' 3 ¦ "•¦ ¦
Atrocious Murder m
Utah and Then
Suicide.
Twenty Transports
Are Reported
at Sea.
WIFE KILLS
HER SPOUSE
WITH POISON
TROOPSHIPS OF JAPAN MAKE
SAIL FOR YINKOW, WHERE THE
RUSSIANS AWAIT THE CONFLICT
¦aJcaaar* — : "The ¦ Frisky .,. aim.
/ . Johnson." "•'•¦*•- '
! California — ~ "The y areatevft.
v.TUa» lnthe World."
Central — "Thm VTb ite Sojiadron. 1 *
* Chutes —^Vaudeville. . . • »-. - J- ¦
Columbia — "Mnxming for OfBee."
Flscher»s--"Chow Chow." -
Grand— "Hoity Toity."
sCajestlCK-'The Crisis."/
Orpheum — Vaudeville. *
Tivoll — "The Beggar Student."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1904;
VOLUME XCV— NO. 140.
TEE WBATKES.
Torccnrt n«4» at San Fran
cisco lor thirty bours ending
midnlElit Konday, April 18:
San Francisco and vicinity—
Fair Monday; txtMb west wind.
o. s. wxusoxr,
Xrocal Forecaster.
The San Francisco CallSYRACUSE, Sicily, April 17.—Em
peror William, accompanied by fifteen
members of his suite, dined to-day .with
Mrs. Robert Goelet on board thelat
ter's steam yacht Nahma. The Emperor
expressed himself as delighted. with the
event, and said he wished the Empress
were 'with him to share his pleasure.
Emperor 'William is credited with
having' stated that , he would be ready
to meet President Loubet should occa
sion arise before the end of the Medi
terranean cruise. •
ROME, April 17.— -Judging from the
Information which it has received the
Italian Government considers as
groundless the plot alleged to have
been hatched at Marseilles to kill
President Loubet during his coming
visit to Italy. f^i >££
Considers Groundless Rumors of Plan
-v to Assassinate President Loubet
> During His Visit to Rome.
LTALIAX GOVERNMENT •'.
SCOUTS IDEA OF PLOT
nearly every one of note in the dis
trict and every faction was represented.
The party on reaching Market street
proceeded to and along Montgomery
street as fas as Montgomery ave
nue, thence to "Kearny street and
up Pacific street as far as pupont.
Then it passed through the Chinese
quarter as far as Sacramento street]
and countermarched back as far as the
Palace Hotel, where the carriage bear-
Ing the Prince suddenly turned, as a
crowd was hurriedly gathering to get
a view of the royal visitor, and hast
ened off in the direction of the Chinese
Consulate, followed by the escort.
;£: RECEPTION IS HELD.
At the consulate the Prince and his
suit held a formal reception, after
which the distinguished representatives
of the Peking Government partook of
a light repast and were then escorted
to the Columbia* Theater, where the
Prince received a great welcome as he
entered his box. The entire party, fa
tigued after their ordeal of the evening, ,
finally arrived at the Palace Hotel
shortly after midnight and hastened to
their suits of rooms, which had been
elaborately decorated with flowers and
flags. .'.'
Though he Is handicapped by his
ignorance of the English language,
Prince Pu Lun, through the assistance
of his distinguished interpreter. Won
Kai Kah. readily shows himself to be
extremely democratic. He likes the
manners of the foreigner. He is a
medium-sized man. 32 years of age, and
is the first imperial Prince of China to
represent bis royal uncle at a foreign
exposition, or any other international
function. Prince Pu Lun also enjoys
the distinction of being- a- clever
botanist and a well-read student of
history, having acquired his knowledge
in thi? line from the histories of all
the nations, which have been translated
into the Chinese language.* A few
months ago he was suddenly made .to
appreciate his deficiency in the knowl
edge of English. and proceeded to in
struct himself, but found his time too
short to permit him to master the lan
guage. He, however, learned to write
his? name In English and apparently
dtlights in inscribing it beneath the
Chinese characters that designate his
rank In the royal family of Peking.
Wong Kai Kah is the tutor of the
Emperor's nephew. Wong has been in
San Francisco before, and he made ar
rangements for the Prince's visit to
this country, even to the selection of
his apartments at the different hotels.
The vice commissioner is a graduate
of the class of 1883 at Tale. » ~.
It was through Wong Kai Kah that
the newspaper representatives appealed
to the Prince for an interview, and late
last night the genial tutor of the royal
representative announced that Prince
Fa Lun was prepared to give an inter
view. In substance it follows:
Of my lmpresHons of the United State*
you can exprct me to *ay little, for. as you
probably kn.ow this in my first journey abroad,
and I hare only seen your land from the K»a
side and during the twilight this evening
while being driven to your city'e center on
our way to the ..Chinese quarter. But I have
r»ad much of the United States. I know much
of j-our Interesting hirtory and have acquired
a great dral of information from Wong Kai
Kah regarding the customs of the people of
th!» country. During my 'stay In the United
States I hope to Improve- the opportunities af
forded roe for gaining further knowledge of
the Wentern hemisphere, the progress of which
has long interested the people of the Far
East, and none more so than my own country
men. ¦
Ae to my own country I must insiBt that, it
i* far more democratic than tbe ; world has
been inclined to believe. In our empire a man
born . in the lower walks of life has ample
chance to achieve power If his Inclinations are
In that direction. Our history will tell you
that Kim' of China's greatest statesmen have
iiix-n from the ranks of the lowlier clan*. To
these men are given advantage* that are de
nied to men born of title and the : hlrh«r , sta«,
tlon. For the titled there is no higher , station
to achieve an<! therefore the rise of the other
man is all the more glorious and remarkable.
In other words, the rlee of the man from the
s.
TUTOR GUARDS SPEECH.
Although Prince Pu Lun proudly re
fers to the democratic; conditions ex
isting in his native land, Wong Kal
Kah was careful that too much democ
racy did not show itself in the recep
tion accorded his Imperial Highness on
his landing here. When the Prince
took h!s seat in the carriage awaiting
him at the wharf, the Chinese Consul
General was politely Invited to take a
seat un on the driver's bench so that
no mistake In the distinction of rank
between the royal representative from
Peking and the local and modest con
sular service man could occur.
Another matter insisted on by the
Vice <JommiS8ioner was that no Chinese
women of lowlier station should ac
cept shelter under the big roof of the
Palace Hotel during the short stay of
Prince Pu Lun there. This particular
discrimination in caste was the special
subject of a communication sent to the
management of the hotel relative to the
Prince's occupation of apartments in
that hostelry and apparently referred
to two Chinese women who arrived on
the Gaelic with the Prince. One was
Mns. Chow Tszee Chi, wife of the sec
retary of the Chinese legation in Wash
ington, who is on her way to join her
husba'nd, and a friend, Mrs. Chu Sang
Teh. It would have been a great pleas
ure for these women could they have
rested their heads on downy pillows,
but the decree went forth that such
an act would be a violation of Oriental
traditions, so they humbly bowed to
the will of the Prince's tutor and
sought shelter at the Occidental, where
they discovered the consoling fact that
311 of China's dignitaries who have pre
viously visited this country had made
that well-known hostelry their home.
lowlier ranks and his influence overshadow
whatever achievements may be accomplished
by the man born with great advantages sur
rounding him. I look for the day, and hope it
will be In the near future, when the Western
world will better understand China and ac
credit it with all the truths that it is justly
entitled to.
Continued from Page 1. Column 7.
Imperial Represeritative bfi Dragon Throne;
BELITTLE TOGO'S CLAIM.
Russian Official Says Sunken Vessels
Did Not Strike Jap
anese Mines.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 17.—"Not
withstanding Vice Admiral Togo's
claim that -mines laid by hi# vessels
were, responsible for the disaster to the
Petropavlbvsk," said a high official who
is in a position to have access to all
Government reports to the Associated
Press, "lam more' than ever convinced
that the Petropavlovsk and the Pobieda
did not strike Japanese mines. Each
ship was struck under the/fiull amid
ships, while a mine would have ex
ploded/on first contact near the bow.
The fact that in both; cases the ships
were struck amidshjps might -warrant
the acceptance of the theory regarding
submarine vessels, although personally
I do not Jiold that Idea. The Pobieda
probably escaped the fate of the Petro
pavlovsk because she carried coal in
her bunkers between. the bottom and
the boilers, which, moreover, are of the
Belleville type, whereas the boilers of
the Petropavlovsk were of Scotch make
and were not protected by her bunk
ers.'.' ¦ . ..-'•'•..
One of: the -shrewdest .naval attaches
at v St; vPetersburg:.* however, ' toUJ v the
Associated Press that he belleve<»~the
Japanese laid the mines which were re
sponsible for the disaster, pointing but
that this was one of the oldest sys
tems of blockading when ships did not
dare to run the risk of entering under
an enemy's guns. The attache said he
thought they would do this when he
noticed that the Japanese fleet always
made a wide detour -of the entrance.
It is also sfghificant that Chinese junks
have been reported 'as cruising off the
harbor, and it : is: considered possible
that th4 Japanese kept these junks
there systematically in order to throw
the Russians off their guard if they
were seen when the actual time arrived
to lay the mines.
Expressions of regret at the death of
Vice Admiral Makaroff are general
here. SneaVfng for the naval staff.
Commander Ogasawara h3s published
a lengthy statement in which- he la
ments the death of the Russian vice
pdmlral and pronounces it to be a loss
to the navies of the w;orld. Command
er Ogasawara reviews 'the life, profes
sional career and the personal attri
butes of Vice Admiral Makaroff. and
declares that he Is entitled to be
classed with the best admirals in the
world. —_
Vice Admiral Togo directed the flank
attack. He had the battleships Hat
fusc. Mikasa. Asahi, Shlkishima, Ya
shima and Fuji. He waited thirty
miles out at sea until Rear Admiral
Dewa signaled him by wireless telegra
phy to come in. His vessels then
dashed at full speed toward the en
trance of the harbor. All the battle
ships under Vice Admiral Togo are
capable of a speed of eighteen knots,
and they quickly covered the distance.
•It Is not clear what warned the Rus
sians that they had been trapped, but
they probably discerned the battleship
squadron on the horizon and retreated
precipitately to the harbor. Vice Ad
miral Togo did not succeed in .prevent
ing the Russians from re-entering, but
he did force them to a disastrous re
treat, which ended in the destruction
or the Petropavlovsk and the disabling
of the Pobieda.
After these occurrences the cruisers
Xisshin and Kasuga were used to bom
bard Port Arthur. They possess '.the
highest angled guns in the fleet, capa
ble of throwing shells to the elevated
Russian land works, which are beyond
attainment by the average naval
weapon.
Vice Admiral Togo calls this attack
on Port Arthur the eighth, whereas
here it is numbered the seventh. A
probable, explanation is that Vice Ad
miral Togo regards the latest opera
tion as two distinct attacks.
Rear Admiral Dewa was in command
of the Japanese? squadron which decoy
• d the Russian ships over the field of
mines. His squadron consisted of. the
rruiscrs Chitose, Yoshino, Kasagi and
Takasago. a/1 . unarmored vessels,
which presented a tempting bait for
thp heavier Russian ships.
The weather of the night of April
12-13 favored the work. There was a
heavy rain, the nicht was dark and
cloudy and the Russian searchlights
playing over the channel failed to re
veal the presence of the Japanese de
stroyers.
When the destroyer divisions of the
Japanese torpedo flotilla laid the coun
termines, during the night of April
12-13. they placed them along this
course. The laying of these counter
mines was exceedingly perilous be
rause if any Japanese boat with mines
on board had been struck by a lucky
Russian shot, she would have been an
nihilated.
"The goal* is yet distant. Take th«*
best care of yourselves in order that
you all may be enabled to finish the
great work expected of you."
The success of the system of placing
deadly countermines is due largely to
a series of careful observations made
by the Japanese during th^ir previous
attac'«- on Port Arthur. The Japanese
saw the Russian fleet leave the harbor
and return to it several times and they
discovered that the Russian warships
followed an Identical course every time
they came out or went in, evidently
for the purpose of avoiding their own
mines. The Japanese took bearings
on this course.
"I am delighted over the success of
the eighth attack on Port Arthur. The
tcsult was splendid, and while it is at
tributable to the Emperor's Illustrious
virtue, the loyal and gallant action of
the officers and men of the fleet played
a conspicuous part. Their behavior
leaves nothing to regret. I tender my
congratulations to you and to the offi
cers and men in your command, and I
hope that the same noble discharge of
duties will be continued white the pres
ent great national problem lits before
us.
TOKIO. April 17, 5 p. m.— The Jap
anese arc rlated over the successes
they have won at_ Port Arthur. They
are also proud of the achievements of
Vice Admiral Togo, particularly of his
newest strategy of countermining the
enemy's harbor anJ decoying him
across this field of mines to an equally
dangerous flank attack.
Admiral Baron Yamarnoto, the Min
ister of Marine, sent the following con
gratulatory message to Vice Admiral
Togo to-day:
The Emperor has, ; appointed Ylm-
Yun-Ghan, who was at one time Prime
Minister of Korea, to superintend the
reconstruction of the palace.
Sungjin is a small port on the. east
coast of Korea, about 150 miles north
east of Gensan and about the same dis
tance southwest of the mouth of the
Tumen River, which marks the north
eastern boundary between Korea and
Manchuria, j
SEOUL, Korea) April 17, 1 p. m.— It
has been learned here that thirty r three
Cossacks occupied Sungjin on ' the
night of April 16. -The Japanese
refugees who fled from there arrived
at Grensan this morning. The rumors
that 5000 Russian troops are following
this advance of thirty <*three men con
tinue, and it is declared that they in
tend to divert the Japanese from the
Yalu River. These statements, how
ever, are discredited because it would
be quite possible for th~ Japanese to
effect 1 a landing near. Sungjin and cut
off these troops. Two English mission
aries reside at Sungjin, but it is not
known whether or not they have left
there. They are not believed to be in
danger.
Destroyers
Counter Mines Laid During
a Stormy Night by the
More Rumors Are Circulated
About the Advance of
Thousands; of Slavs.
Japanese Minister of Marine
- Sends Congratulations to
Vice Admiral Togo.
Mounted Russian ' Force
Takes Possession of tlie
Town of Sungjin.
It was the end. The stricken boat
loosed a final round, but it was as If
a volley had been fired over her own
RIDDLED CRAFT SINKS.
The torpedo-boat from which steam
was escaping was firing viciously. The
four center craft drew together, con
centrating their fire upon her. but the
crippled boat poured out her fire and
was successfully keeping off her as
sailants. The signals then flashed the
news to the men of the batteries that
the vessel was the Strashni.
The unequal combat was observed
with breathless interest, but the net
drew close around the doomed boat.
The four Japanese vessels formed a
semicircle and poured in a deadly fire.
The steam from the Strashni grew
denser, covering her like a white pall.
Still the fought like a desperately
wounded animal brought to bay. Run
ning straight for the adversary
barring her way to safety, she passed
the Japanese astern and fired at them.
At this stage Vice Admiral Makaroff.
who had been observing the progress
of the conflict through a telescope, sig
naled to the cruiser Bayan, lying in the
inner harbor, to weigh anchor and go
out to the rescue. The Japanese boats
clung to their enemies like hounds in
a chase. They had become separated,
but again resumed their formation.
Smaller jets of flame and smoke were
spurting ,from the light rapid-flrers.
varied by denser clouda as torpedoes
were discharged against the Strashni.
LIAOYAKG. April 18. — The Asso
ciated Press correspondent, believinlg
that the Japanese would repeat the
attempt to block the entrance to Port
Arthur with fire ships on Easter eve,
went from Liaoyang to Port Arthur a
week ago yesterday. For four, nights
I watched with the sentries on Golden
Hill. Three nights passed quietly.
Tuesday night April 12,, Vice Ad
miral Makaroff took to the sea with
his entire squadron, including four
teen torpedo-boats. The next night,
April 13, in the teeth of a gale, eight
torpedo-boats were sent out to recon
noiter. From Golden Hill, on which I
was standing, through the blackness
the searchlights of the fortification
flashed over the inky waters of the
roadstead and far out to the hazy
horizon. . •
At 11 o'clock I heard firing at sea
and counted seven shots, but could
see nothing. At daybreak I made out
through the light haze to the south
ward, about five miles from shore, six
boats strung out in line, all firing. In
the lead and outstripping the others
was^a boat heading at full speed di
rectly for the entrance' of the harbor.
The last in l|ne was beclouded, in
steam and lagging. She had evidently
been hit. It was difficult to distin
guish our boats, but finally through
my glasses I saw that the leader and
the lag-ger were Russian and that the
four others were Japanese.- The flash
of the guns and the plash of the pro
jectiles as they struck the water
showed the intensity of the conflict.
FIGHT AGAINST ODDS.
the bridge.-Vsaw;an-offlcer. wel- :
terlng in ' blood— it>' was i our -' admifal~
Makaroff. He lay f/ace downward. I
sprang to him, gritsped Him by the
shoulder and attempted to raise him.
"The ship seemed to be falling some
where. From all sides flew fragments.
I heard the deafening screech and the
frightful din. The smoke rose in dense
clouds and the flames seemed to leap
toward the bridge where I was stand
ing beside the. admiral. I jumped on
the rail and was washed out. but suc
ceeded in grabbing, something. ,
"On 1 our ship was an old man with
a beautiful white. beard who had been
good to o,ur men. He had a book in
his hand and seemed to be writing,
perhaps sketching. He was Veres
chagln, the painter."
"The Petropavlovsk slowed speed and
almost sto.6'd s still. . Suddenly she shook
violently. I .. heard another, explosion,
immediately followed by another and
then another. They seemed to me to
be directly under the bridge. I rushed
to the door of the wheelhouse, where
I mat an officer, probably a helmsman.
I could not pass him and I sprang to
the window and jumped out. The ship
was listing and I feared every moment
she would turn over. . 1
"We were returning to the harbor,
the Petropavlovsk leading. Some of our
cruisers which had remained' in the
harbor came out and steamed toward
the enemy, firing, sixteen shots at him
with their bow guns. They then retired
The enemy numbered fourteen heavy
ships, nearly " all armored, while ours
were nine. Agafnst their armored
cruisers we had only the Bayan. I
stood in the wheelhouse on board the
battleship, looking at the signal' book.
The admiral's last signal .had been
for the torpedo boats to enter the har
bor. . . * ¦ , . - • .
, Eager, to ascertain what had hap
pened on board the sunken ship, I has
tened to a landing where a small rem
nant o| the gallant crew were being
put ashore and conveyed to a hospi
tal. Signalman Pochkoff, who was
slightly wounded, was able to give me
a remarkably clear statement of the
disaster. He said:
The floating woodwork and the few
men struggling in the water were all
that was left- to recall the splendid
fighting machine which a few hours
before had sailed out of - the harbor.
The same shock experienced by the ob
servers on Golden Hill paralyzed for
a moment the men on the ships,' but
when it passed torpedo-boats and small
boats . hastened to the rescue of the
survivors.
My glance returned to our squadron.
The Petropavlovsk was almost with
out headway, when suddenly I . saw
her tremble. She seemed to rise out of
the water- a tremendous explosion
rent the air, then a second and then
a third. Fragments flew in all direc
tions and wreckage and men were
mixed up in a terrible mass. I was
hardly able to realize the horror of it,
when the ship began to list.. In a mo
ment the sea seemed to open and the
water rushed over her. The Petropav
lovsk had disappeared. •-. .'. \ \
STOKY OF A SURVIVOR.
line of battle. Another signal was
floated from the flagship, and the tor
pedo-boats at once proceeded through
the entrance' into the inner harbor. -; . .
Vice Admiral Makafoff was evident-'
ly unwilling to risk his vulnerable
craft to the heavy projectiles of the
enemy's armored ships. I. watched the
Petropavlovsk closely as 'she steamed
toward Electric; Cliff. The frowning
marine monster, .whose guns were ever
turning toward the enemy, was pre
pared to send . huge • messengers . of
death against him,. ' . . •
All was quiet. It was the hush be-*
fore a battle— the .hush when every
nerve is strained to get into impending
danger. I looked for the Japanese
ships, but they were without, move
ment, save that caused by tile heav
ing sea. ¦ ¦ . , . ¦ ¦ v -
. Unable to get within effective range
[of Vice Admiral Makaroff's ships, the
enemy stopped eighteen versts from
shore. Our squadron, with the Petro
pavlovsk leading, arrived at the en
trance to the harbor and drew up in
TORPEDO BOATS LEAP
Meanwhile, in accordance with Vice
Admiral Makaroff's order, the battle
ships and cruisers in the inner harbor
slipped anchor. Majestically the Petro
pavlovsk. flying the admiral's flag,
steamed through the entrance. On her
appearance the formidable array of
Japanese cruisers turned and fled. The
admiral signaled the Bayan to return.
Then a stream of vari-colored signal
flags fluttered out "Brave Bayan."
By this time the entire Russian
squadron was in the outer harbor. Be
sides the Petropavlovsk I saw the bat
tleships Peresvlet, Poltava, Pobeida
and Sevastopol, the cruisers Novik,
Diana and Askold and the torpedo
boats. The flags announcing the ad
miral's approbation of the Bayan were
hauled down and replaced by another,
signal. Immediately the torpedo-boata
dashed ahead and the heavier ships be
gan tc spread out.
Seeing the flight of the Japanese
cruisers, the Petropavlovsk opened fire
with her great guns, but the enemy
was out of range and soon disappeared.
Our sauadron continued the chase,
finally fading from view. I waited anx
iously foi its reappearance, and in
about an hour it came in sight. Far
beyond it the number of points from
which smoke arose announced the pres
ence of the enemy. Nearer and near
er came the vessels, and at last L made
out behind our squadron a fleet of four
teen, of, which six were battleships and
the remainder armored and unarmored
cruisers."
TOGO'S FLEET RETIRES.
Satisfied with what they had accom
plished, the Japanese torpedo boats
turned and made off at full speed, fol
lowed by the Bayan.' To their support
came six of the enemy's cruisers. Still
the Bayan went on, seemingly inviting
certain destruction. She soon ported
her helm to bring: a broadside to bear
upon the foe, which was advancing in
line of battle. She opened some of
them and turned quickly and stood on
into the hall of the enemy's broad
sides. The Japanese steamed at a
slight angle, enabling all their guns to
bear, and projectiles rained around the
Bayan. \ raising columns of water as
they burst, but none struck home.
To the eastward suddenly appeared
five more of our torpedo-boats return
ing to the harbor under forced draught.
Two of the Japanese cruisers were im
mediately detached to cut ' them off.
but the Bayan r noticing the movement,
checked it by turning: a hot fire upon
them. The movement was effective.
The Japanese cruisers slowed down and
the torpedo boats slipped through into
the harbor.
grave, for she disappeared beneath the
waves, onJy a little cloud of steam
marking the place where she went
down. •• >. :
SEA TRIUMPH
SPURS TOKIO
TO REJOICING
FUGITIVES
HURRY FROM
THE COSSACKS
Graphic Description of an Engagement Between Squad
rons of Togo and. the Late Admiral Makaroff as
Viewed From Golden Hill's Summit.
CONFLICT THRILLS THE SFECTATORS AT PORT ARTHUR BATTLE
THE SAN FRANCISGQ; CALL, :M0NDAY; APRIL 18, \ 1904.
'- INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.; April 17.—
A lire, which for almost two hours
threatened to destroyttie. principal re
tail district, was discovered at an early
hour this . morning in * the • Occidental
Hotel. .Every fire-company' in the
city as well as those from outlying
suburbs "was summoned. The house
whs filled 1 with g-uests and a panic was
narrowly averted. There . were many
narrow escapes from trie flames and
suffocation, the ' inmates . beinsr .com-;
polled to 'leave the'building r clad only
in ' their . night clothes. ' The loss is
estimated at $75,000
Panic Xarrowly Averted purinjf Fire
in Indian!! polls Hotel.
ESCAPE IX NIGHT CLOTHES.
2
NEW ADVEBTISEMENTS.
THISTLES A2TD DAJTDEUP7.
An' Interesting- 'Parallel and a Valuable
Deduction Therefrom.
Cutting down fhl«rtlcs n<i more relieves
the land of thistles than does scouring
the scalp cure dandruff. In each case
permanent relief can only come from
eradicating: permanently the cause. A
perm thnt plows up the scalp in search-
Ing for the hair root whore it saps the
vitality, causes dandruff, falling 1 hair
and baldness. If j*ou kill that frerm.
you'll have no dandruff, but a luxuriant
euit of hair. N'ewbro's Herpicide Is the
only h«ir preparation in the world that
cures dandruff snd falling hair by kill-
ing the germ. "Destroy the cause, you
remove the effect." Sold by leading tirug-
rists. Send 10c In stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR I A
Fox Infant* and Children.
Tbe Kind You Have Always Bought
Bears the S^ \, jOSj -+-*-"
Signature of (^^^fZT-ciZc/u^i
HADWirs EEADT SELIir has Stood
o«.rtvhied l>«iurr the public tor U) >-eans as a
I'kln Hmii-dj . It Instantly relieve* and quickly
'»r»» all Cold*. Sore Throats. Irtfluenr.s. Qrun*
«'hfti*. Pneumonia. Rbeumatism. NeuraJr'*.
lVs>1arh«. Toothache and all pain. Internally
for Malaria and all Bowel Pain. All drucxisu
X\^CTTT>^> >k Tnln leara aad ar«
A^/S^^^V \ *¦•«• •«!»••¥.'-..
l^b«Cfji ( %»HjJTAJZ.j SAN FRANCISCO.
N^^j | \yr (Toot of Market Str—*)
i.»AfK - 'MAIN LINE. -a»»FT
7.00a VsesTlUe. Wtniers, Bumsey_ 740?
7.00a BenJcls, Suisns, Elmira »ad Ssersr
mfnto ::. 7J0»
7-30a Tsllejo. Kap*. Callstoca. 6»nl*
Koss. Msrtfaer, Baa Ramon I.ZBF
7.58a -Slles. LtTermore. Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockton 7-29r
S.OOa Efasst* Expreis— (Vis, Darts).
WlllUmi (for Bartlett Springs).
/ Willows. tFrnto. Ued BloS.
PortlinJ. Tscoms, Setitle 7.58'
8 00* Dsrls.Woodlsad. KntgbU Laadlag.
MarriTllle. OtotJUb 7H'
• •JO* Ton Costa. Martinez. Antloch.
Byron. Trser. Stockton, yew-
man. Los B» nos. Utatets, '- '. v '
Armona. Haaford. Vis si la.
PorterTllIe 4JIt»
840a Fort Cotta, Latarop. Mode no,
Merced. Fresno, Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford, Vlsalls. Bakers- ___
field 4-50*
8.30a KUes, San Jose, Llrertnor*. Stoci-
ton, (t.Mllton). lone. Sacramento,
Plaeerrllle. MarysrUle. Cnlco.
Red Bluff 4-20*
8.S0a Oakdale. Calnesn. Jamestown. So-
- sora. Tuolnmne and Angels ..... 4-20*
8.00* Atlantic Express— Ogdcn ind R»»t. 11.20a
930a Richmond, Martlnes and Waj
Stations ...... S.SQp
I0C0* Tbe Orerland Limited — Ugdea.
DenTsr. Omaha, Chicago. 6.ZQr
10.00a Vallejo_ 12.20»
1000a Los Anreles Ytnnettge r — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron, Tracy,
Lnthrop. Stockton. Merced.
' V.ny moiid. Freano. Goiaen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsalla.
Bakersfirld. Los Angeles 7-29*
12-00* Slay ward. Nlles and Way Stations. 3.20P
tT.OOr Sacramento Klrer 8te*m«rs tll.OUr
330r Benlcla, VCInter*. Sacramenta
YToodland. Knights LandlDg.
MarysTllle, OrorJlle and way
sutlons 10-50*
S.30P H«y ward. Klles sad War Stations.. 7 5Qr
3.30f> 1'ort CosU. Martlnrz. Kyrnn,
Tracy. Latnrop. Modesto.
Meroid. Bercada. Fr«sno and
"Way Stations heyond Port Costa 12-20*
9 5-30f TosemlM Vallry.' Uoa.: Writ.. Ttt. S-20*
&HQr Martlnez.Tracy. Sfnckton. I.ortl... 10. 20*
4-OCp »l»rtisei.S«» ltAinon.VaIleJo.Kspa.
C'nllstOK*. Santa Rus* 9-20*
4 COr Vl\t%. iTicr. Stockton. Lodl 4.20*
4 20* Uaywanl. Nil's, lrrtneton, San S t8.50*
Jose. Llrermore.... 1 Ml. SO*
6X0r Tbe Owl Limited— Ke»m»n. Los
n*no*. Mrndoia. Fresno. Talaro.
ItukersOeld. Los Angeles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Angeles, for Chl-
csgo, Tla C. R. I. * P. (lsst trip
April 13) 929a
I.OOr Port Costv Tracy. Stockton 12-20*
tfi 30r Hayward. Klles and Ban Jose ..... 7.20*
6-OOr Hayward. Nlles and San Jose./i.... 950*
1410* Eastern Express— Opden. D«nrer. -
Otnaba. St. Louis. Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Benlcla. Sal-
•an, EIraira, D.trls. Sacramento,
7- -•¦ Huctlln. Auburn, Colfax,
Jracken. Boca. Keno. Wtdi-
worth. TV'Innemncc* B-28*
t.00* Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 Kn _
7.00* Tallejo, Sanday only f '••"'
7J10r lilrhmoml, Hmn Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinet and Way Stations 11.28a
B.CSr Orecon * California Express— 6«e-
' nunento. Marysrllle. Redding.
Portland. Pnget Sound and East. 8.18*
8.10* Hsyward, Nlles and San Jose (Sua-
dayonly). . ii.Sfs,
' COAST LINE Caarniw Ua. f .).
(Foot of Market Street.)
7ABa. flants Cms Ezcarston(Sunday only) t-19r
S.15a Newark. Oeaterrllle. Baa Jose.
Felton, Bonlaer Creek, Santa
Crux and Way Stitiom 8-55**
2.1 S* Newark, CenterrUIe. Baa Jose, fl «PffiS
New Almaden. Lot Gatoi.Felton,
Boulder Crnek. Santa Cru* and
Principal WaySuUons ...flO-55*
4.15* Nswark. San Jose, Los Uatos and » t|.55 »
way station* ) ti 0 BS *
' OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrotn SANViiANCISCO, Tout of Market St. (Sll»«i
-tf:15 1:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 615 r.m.
from OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — r<:00 13 ;M
«:03 10:tO a.m. .12 00 2 00 4-00 r.M.
COAST LINE (Broad tiange).
t3r~<fnlrd anU Tsmwns Streets.)
UOa San Jose and Way Stations......... 8-30*
0a San Jese and Way Sutlons 6.40r
7.15a Monterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10-30*
800a New Almaden (Tues.. Frld.. only), 4.1 3*
• 00a The Coaster— Stops only Ssa Jose.
Gllroy (connection for Bollis-
tar). Pajare. Castrorllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey '
and Paciac Orore). Salinas. Ssa
Ardo, Psso Roblea. Santa Mar-
1 garl ta. San Lu!» Obispo, principal
i stations tbence Surf (connection
'* for Lompoc), principal stations
• thence Santa Btrbara.Ssn Bneaa-
--.-.¦-!¦ rentura. Barbank. Los Angeles . 18.48V
8.C0a San Jose, Tres Plnos. Capitol*.
' . fcant«Crui,PaclflcGroTe, Salinas,
San Luis Obispo and Principal
Way Stations ............. 4.10»
10.30a Baa Jose and Way Stations 1.20*
11.30a fianta Clara. Ban Jose, Los Gates _ "
. „¦ snd Way Stations 7.30*
}Z0r San Jose and Way 8Uttons 138*
• •CO* Del Monte Rxpress— Saata Clara,
San Jose, Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific G rare (connects st Banta : . ¦¦
Clara, except Sunday, for Bant*
Cruz. Boulder trek and Narrow
Gaiu» Points) at Gllroy for II fil-
lister, Trea Plnos. at Palaro for
Santa Crnz. at Castrorllle for
'Salinas.. 12.15»
830* Tret Plaos War Passenger 1048a
430i* fan Jose sad Way Stations........ tB-OOA
tSQOr 8»nta Clara, San Jose, Los Ottos. - . *
and principal Way stations (ex-
* ' '¦ cept Sundxy) t8.00*
15-30* San Jos* and PrtncipaiWay Stations 53.43 a
.fi45r Sanset LlantMd.— llsdwo^d. Ssa '~
. Jose.GJlroy.Sallnas,Pa»ol!obIes,-»
. San Luis Oblipo. SanU Barbara. ;;
•Los Angeles. Pemlne. Kt Paso,'r
New Orleans, New Tork. Coa- '
oectt at Pajaro for Sanu Cms
, .-. snd at C»atroTlil«> for raeloe • :
-Grove and Way Stations 7-13*
r8.1Sr6aiiMateo.ReretforJ.Belmont.SAa;,--
Cfcrlfts, Redwood, Fair Oaks. :¦
- Menlo Psrk. Palo Alto tB.43*
f'SOr 8an Jose and Way Stations. 6 33*
8.00* Palo Alto tnd Way Stations 10.15a
II.Mr bouth San Francisco. Mlllbrte.Dur- • . S
• - ¦¦ ltngsme.- Ban Mateo, Belmont,
' San Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 8.45r
•11.30F Mayfleld, Movauln View, Sonny-
rale, Lawrence. Stnta Clara tnd
San Jo»«... t9.45*
A for Morn i n*. P for Afternoon.
1 Sanday excepted. . t Sanday only. . -
* a Satarday only.
• - | Stops at all stations on Sanday.
CSr Only trtlni stopping- at Valencia St. ton thbound
arf S:10 *.K.. 7:00 A. *< 7«13 A.X.. 11:30 J- M.. l:30/.»..
1:30 r.M. and 1:00*. m. . '
Mt. Tam alpais Railway
' . Utn ¦ • ¦ Tk SnsaUti Isrry -Arrtv* ~
a— Ft»adaes> *st af sUrkst 8j- San rr»a<tocs> <
J Wttk -Sun- : ' S«n- I Wseir'
Day*, days <<*y« Darv
•TTm1*k:ooa §Fmas&§& iaio5*foT4^|
•1:45* »:OOa W£&38g&. £:*»r*:ftOf
s>]i» r IOiOOa Wte«BBr •:»Or 3:5Or
. 11:OOa 4:50p tiMt
' .": «8— si> wla'stsp W ; ' 8ay mi HOn 8a^ _
nctlt I &26 Majucxt ST..(Nortli Shore fUUrosuO
SRICS I and SabsavitoFxut. root Maitat Sc
CALIFORNIA * / 1
LIMITED TO CHICAGO §
LEAVES DAILY I
at O<aO a. m., throuffh la 3 days, I
s with diner and all trappings. a
Other SanUTe Trains:
VAn t" S!*\ toT Stockton. Fresno. Bakersfield.
8 -CO p.' m. 'J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalta.
4:00 p. m. tor , Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
, Chicago. .
TICKET OmCES— 641 Market St. aad
Perry Depot. S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland, CaL 97 South Plrat St.,
San Jose. ¦ •¦ •' ¦"
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
HAInWAT COMPANY.
j TlDnron Ferry, , root of Market Street.
SAN FSANC1SCO TO SAW BATAEI..
: WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
! 3:30, 5:10. tt:30 p. m. Thursdays — Kxtra trip
• at 11:30 0. m.
Saturday* — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
! SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. in.; 1:30.
I 3:30, 5:00, 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
i SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FBAKCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, ~:Z\ 7:30. l>:20. 11:15
I e. m.: 12:60, 3:40. 0:00. 6:20 p. m.
j Saturdays — Extra trip at* 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
¦¦ SUNDAYS — 8:00. tt:40, 11:15 «. m.; l;4O.
, 3:40. 4 :t&, B:05. 0:25 p. rn.
i Leave | In EfCect | Arrive
! San Francisco.] Sept. 27, 100.V (San Francisco.
! Week j Sun- [ Destina- j Sun- j Week
I Days. I days. | tlon. ( days. ( Days.
j 7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
: '9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
! 3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p 0:20 p
! 5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
i~7:30a I 0:10a 8:40*
8:00 a \ Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
; 2:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma t>:U3 p 6:20 y
j 6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
I 5:00 p Santa Roaa. : •
) 7:30 aN i ~ 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. ' 7:35 p «:20p
I 3:30p 3:30 p .
/ J * WMndBOr. H '' ' "
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserville. 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale. j
7-:30a 8:00 a . Ilopland. 10:40a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p and Ukiah. 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 at WlUlts. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 af 8:00 a! 110:10 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| . Guemeville. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 al Sonoma. • I 9:10 al 8:40*
5:10 p| 5:00 pi Glen Ellen. ( 6:05 p| 6:2O p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a! 10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. ( 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln, at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
srrville for Skagffs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Eoonevllle . and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs,
Kelstyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno
Potter Valley. John: Day's. Riverside. Llerly-a
BucknelU. Sanhedrin Heights, Hull vllle. Orr's
Hot Springs. Half way. House. Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg
West Point. Usal; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg)
Westport, . Sherwood, • Cahto. Covelo, Lay ton-
vllle, Cummlnge. Bell's Springs, Harris Ol-
sen's. Dy*r. . Garbcrvllle, Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ¦ .
¦On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. .
Ticket offices, (530 Market street. Chronicle
butldinc. ' • • ..-••.-.- .
H. C. WHITING, •-. : R. X. RYAN. ' -
* Gen. Manager. • Gen. Pass. Agt.
¦ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSSVALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausalito Perry.
§ Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—'
-Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:00. 8;0O.
9:00 10:00. 11:00 a. m., 12:20. 1:45, 3:15. 4:15.
6:15 «:15. 7:00. 8:43. 10:20. 11:45 p. m.
• •FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Dally. 5:25. 6:33. 7:40. 8:35, 0:35.. 11:03 a,
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:35. 3:45. 4:45. 5:45. 6:43.
8:45 10:20 p. m. .
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally. 5:45, 6:55, 7:52. 8:55, 9:55.
11:20 a.-m.v 12:35. 2:00. 3:15.-4:05. 6:05. 6:05,
7:05, 9:00. 10:35 p. m;
THROUGH TRAINS. ,
8:00 a. fn. dally — Casadero and way stations.
6:15 p. m. w«ek days' (Saturday excepted) —
Tomales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
sutlons. v- ¦¦*¦¦¦
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and
way stations. - • • , -
' TICKET OFFICE— 826 Market «t.
FERRY— Union Depot, -foot of Market st.'
Prescriptions 34;406 and 7.
' : GU ABA WTE ED CURE • TO*. 3CB H.
KABULESS XH JECTIOK. Cures ordinary
cases' In a ieTr days. ' Warranted to cure
worst cases.- : HO OTHEB TBE ATM E ITT
REQUIRED. Prevents and ¦ Cures Stric-
tures. PBEVENTG C0NTAOI0H. Harm-
less. J2. 00 for both bott'es. For sale only
g. S. KEXr.Y'6 PKAJttCACT., 103 Eddy.
(F&li HEV I /ffk Ammunition, IluntlM «od
fi"IlmBtL B Spcrtlng Good*. Lareest
¦ ¦ I ia\U y^. »<ock. Lowest i rices. JimU
"¦ K«amr st- ¦ : ..
¦ Notary Publlo and* Attoraey-at-Ii»w.
Tenth i. Floor, - Room 1015, t5or*ck*u ' MUg .
¦ Telephone Mam. »S3.\
. Residence, 1 : 1802 McAllister St. -
Residence Telephone Page .5641.
PAINE'S CZLBET COMPOUND.
HER BABIES' PRATTLE TORTURED HER
Run Down, Sick, Moody, Irritable — This Burdened Mother "Often Withtd She
Bad No Children" — But To-Day Sht la Brijrht. Strong 1 , Cheery, Well — Quick-
ly Braced— Invigorated and Cured by the Celebrated Nervt Vltalizer and
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
In hundreds of homes there is present- "I often I wished I had no children,
ed this same bitter spectacle, the mother About three week* ago I began taking
who feels no joy In having her children Pa . ln ?2 Cei^ y , Com £ oand ; n , aT i* I 1 J* a
ab«.t her. whose quivering nerves wince Jle-^d^iclmj. Jt_ cjrglnly h-^rj-
at t^he happy chatter, as If from the vousness has all disappeared. I am
sting of a whip. grateful for the discovery of such a
' Too many a discouraged woman, or great remedy." — MRS. A. F. ELLEN,
man. has recourse to the coffee pot — or Mount Washington. Pa.
to a still more insidious stlmulant-and c , nclnnatI . A 26- i 903 ._«t heartily
the result is nervous and physical wreck, recommend Paines Celery Compound, as
and a saddened home. I have used it for several purposes, and
This tired, nerve-racked mother — Mrs. keep it constantly in the house. I say—
A. F. Ellen— was wise enough to build 'Once used, always used— especially In
up her system and her nerve forces JK^ff^JSf, ™*en."_Mi,s Essie
quickly, instead of taking a stimulant , " . . ... . . , , . . .....
like coffee to burn them up. She writes: • wem. tstts g^irVn *^~^
"I am the mother of a large family. 4!m£*€&a£S aiT^faTtt-t
and household duties completely wore me t^^piy matter* of food Tltal NEBVE ',
out. ? Force." ,,
"I became nervous and run down and ' —Prof. Edward E. Ph«ips. M. D.. «
i i -« ann^tito T -ara « «n norvnti* that " LL.D.. of Dartmouth University — .
had no appetite. I was so nervous that , F , mous Discoverer of Fame's Celery !
my children's talk, which always amused { Compound. J
me, became a source of irritation. •••*¦••»?*••••••****-•¦» —
" Go* to your Druggist TO-DAY—
Get one bottle of Paine's Celery Com-
pound—See how DIFFERENT it will
make you feel. .
ADVERTISEMENTS..
mtrAS^^Zll^^J^fffi j^^Sy^nHJfyg^ ¦'.'*¦ — ¦ s^nrfsssJJKHI**"^ wBtty O'^St *§rJSKt
m d^\l W 4^tl RkT Ma? j£r^nt^?lBtl ll^vl flEuHTl ill al ill! I llsisft^Vffitfi
/ \h Ttr^ gL\?^^r'Jfm jti wHWrj I III till 1 1 1 WwSeBS
f 3-D AY orEGI ALo. I
11 5-lb box Haven's French .Prunes, rag. 5Oc. for 3 days 25c box B
¦f BABBITT'S SO AP..V.. 6 barsj 25c TABLE BEMSHES. .... .bottle 5o 9
a "Babbitt's Best." 1 You" are not ' "Our - Mothers' •> Own" Bra^id. .V. m
of limited to quantity. ',:,,--' I^arge bottles with glass tops. , il
H -r.-B-r.cTT nifc *-Ntva-v' tiiittt'tl ' Celory, Chili-Oyster and English (A
W ., . .-. .*. . . . ;...:'..;.'¦ pound 20c xieiisn. iteg. ioc..-^,. ¦ ' ' * fl '
¦ Fresh packed. "HumboliU: cream- JAVA and COSTA BJCA COFFEE M
Bk erles. - . •¦- . ' .......!. pound 20c
• Ws PURE LEAF LAED.. 5-lb. pail 50c Strong. . Delicious blend. Rich - B
R Silver Leaf 3rand.;> Swift's. color. Reg. '30c '; • .. ¦ H.
% Reg. 65c. " % \ NEW CROP 7ORK03A OOLOHO g§
B STROKG EASTEEIT CHEESE. ... TEA ............... .pound 500 f|
« ............... .'.'.8 pound! 25c Fragrant.' Aromatic." Little of it &
fi» For grating. Reg. 20c. j ; ;: . goes a. long ways. t Reg.- 75c. '¦'. w
B BEST CrKAHTTIiATED 'SUGAR. .. EASTERN ROLLED OATS . fca
M .-. ....... ... . ; . .20 pounds $1.00 '--..":. . ..:-.:...:;. .10 pounds 25c eg
. -m.- Spreckels'. Pure cane. :F.ine dry. > ..Pure -Oat -Flakes.---. With orders •«
5 ..*/'- -.. Bass' English ;Ale, reg. $?.1Q doz., 3
1 (I ft>^3^days . i
W yg^^S OLD McBRATER 'WHISKEY. .... .full quart bottle 95c Bl
jR -^vA.V^ Distilled 1893. Highest type- of Kentucky Bourbon. »
¦ « libr^l ''¦'¦ nOJ>jJLvn)'"aitl.. /, :.../. -v./.V.^ lauare bottle $1.00 m
¦ m ' u ¦"«*~2- 1) ..- Geneva -or -Amsterdam. Black or white bottle. .3 bot- 4
a *&L''jJi ' ties make one grallon^s>Healthful stimulant. Sure kid- J§
% IBTilfll ANGELICA, MUSCATEL and TO JCAY ¦WIWES.firal. SI. 00 «
'•*&.' t!^«§^ll!xl '^".California ..Wine highest .grade. AAA. »3
Vl SXJNITY BSOOK WHISKEY. . .... SPECIAL 2IWFANDEL WINE .. . M
Iffi oid'handmade.'rS'our mash.^Larp- i. de Turk Vineyard. Very : old- •-'. fll .
w ' : ¦ esf independent distillery in U. S. matured. Crystal : clear. Ex- , . . 1|
% ,O.> P. .1. WHISKEY . . . srallon $2.00 DOMESTIC - BEER . . .quarts 81.00 : ' : M
-,¦%?/ " .1S9S;, Double; distilled:: Bourbon. ¦^. -.\ ,';:.', .)...'. '.-. ::.'..; . .pinti 55c --9
>l^ Reg. ? 2.50. * ' "i\ " ''.. '"¦ ¦';" ; '¦' Best brands.-" ' - ' 8PORTLAND, Or.. April 17. — Trains
over the Southern Pacific came
through on schedule time to-day, but
the Oregon Railroad and Navigation
Company is still blockaded between
Baker City and Huntington. Condi
tions were reported to be much bet
ter in that part of the State.': but". It is
uncertain when trains can be operated!
The floods along the Powder and
Burnt rivers, between Huntington and
Baker City, are the worst that have
ever occurred. These streams are now
.falling and traffic will be resumed in a
Cay or two. ' % •
Southern Pacific Trains Are Arriving,
but Traffic on Other Lines Is '
Still Impeded.
RAILROAD BLOCKADE
CONTINUES IX OREGOX
* ZANESVILLE. Ohio, April- 17.—
Frank Parke, a miner of Crooksville,
near here, shot and it is i>elieved fatal
ly wounded his wife's parents, Mr. and
Mrs. Sherwood Crooke. Parke has
been out of work for some time. The
loss of his position and the conse
quent hardship is believed to have
made him melancholy. Parke called
at the home of his wife's parents and
as the result of a quarrel shot Mr. and
Mrs. Crooke. Parke turned the weapon
on his wife, but she held their 3
months old ehild in front of her and
the father did not fire. An attempt
to commit suicide was frustrated by
his wife. Parke left the house and
has not. been overtaken.
Ohio Miner Fatally ..Injures Aged
Couple and Makes Quick
Escape.
SnOOTS WIFE'S PARENTS
DURING A QUARREL
Mount Vernon is a city governing a
dozen square miles, with a population
of L'5,000 and great anxiety Is exper
ienced as to whether fatal results will
he avoided by the urgent methods
adopted to arouse the inhabitants.
MOUNT VERNON, N. Y., April 17. —
The bursting of a large, gas main to
night has placed this city and Pelham
in great peril. The accident befell the
Winchester Lighting Company, which
furnishes gas to these' places, as a re
sult of which the gas went out for a
time and then started up again, pouring
cut its poisonous fumes in homes when
nine-tenths of .the residents were asleep.
Police and firemen were hurriedly, sum
moned and they made a rapid house
to house canvass, notifying the house
holders of their danger. Bells were
rung and whistles shrieked to spread
the alarm. Telephones were called in
to requisition, but the greatest danger
is to those who live in outlying dis
tricts, which it has been impossible to
reach.
Residents of Mount Vernon and Pel
ham Driven From Their Homes
by Poisonous Fumes.
BURSTING OF GAS MAIN
IMPERILS MAXY LIVES
Owing to the fire-proof construction
the actual loss to the building •will not
exceed $1000.
underwent an operation for appendi
citis, a few hours before the outbreak
of the fire. Jumped from - his bed and
ran down four flights of stairs Into the
street. His condition is critical;
James Dawson worked heroically
among the panic-stricken men and
women on the third floor. One after
another he pulled them away from the
windows and piloted them to places of
safety on the first floor. After savins
twenty-seven nurses and patients from
possible injury in this manner he lost
consciousness.
The average price of agricultural
land in Russia is $14 an acre.
SEATTLE, April 17. — City Detective
Frank Kennedy leaves here to-night
for Deer Lodge penitentiary. Mon
tana, to arrest Convict Edgar Mar
shall when he leaves the prison next
Thursday. He is wanted here for as
saulting Chauncey Isham in this city
on July 4, 1898. Marshall was'ar
rested for the assault at the time, but
escaped by sawing out of his cell.
Meanwhile Marshall had killed a
woman in Butte. Mont., while attempt
ing to kill a saloon-keeper, and had
been finally convicted of burglary In
that city. Next Thursday Marshall
finishes a five-year term and will be
immediately .arrested for the 'assault
on Isham.
Montana Convict Will Be Tried for
* Assault After End ins Term
for Burglary-
WILL BE ARRESTED
OX LEAVING PRISOX
It has been resolved by the State
Central Committee of the Socialist
party of, California that they demand
the removal of C E. Leffingwell from
the Board of Election Commissioners
on the - ground that Leffingwell is a
Union Labor man and there is not a
representative of the Socialist party on
the board. Owing to the fact that the
Socialist party cast the third highest
vote for Governor and Presidential
electors they claim the right to be rep
resented on the commission.
Would Oust Lefllnj^vell.
REDDING, April 17.— No trace has
yet been found of B. H. .Harrington,
the painter; who was attacked by- a
mob at Dunsmuir because, it was al
leged, he attacked a four-year-old
girl. ,
None of the train crews, either
freight or passenger, report having
carried a man out of Dunsmuir.- He
has not been seen at any point either
north or south. The' public generally
believes that the painter succumbed to
the attacks upon him and that his
body was thrown into the river. The
little girl w r ho was mistreated was
pronounced out of danger to-day.
PAINTER HARRINGTON
- IS STILL MISSING
TACOMA, April 17.— High water in
the northwest resulted yesterday in
the drbwninz of four persons of whom
three were children. Anna, four
year-old daughter of Anton Savos, was
drowned in a small creek at Roslyn.
She was evidently playing near the
creek and fell in. Her body,' which
was washed down the creek, 'caught
in the underbrush and was discovered
by a small boy. While plpying near
the bridge over Canyon Creek at
Burke, Idaho, the . four-year-old
daughter of John Lundgren, a miner,
fell into the swollen stream and was
carried to her death. Her playmates
gave the alarm. Clyde McCfFew.
aged 3 years, was drowned in an old
mlllrace in the suburbs of Walla Walla.
He accidentally fell in. "His body was
carried down the race a distance of
S00 feet, where it lodged against the
screen where the water empties into
the city flume. A bridge builder of
the Northern Pacific, whose name is
yet unknown, fell oft! the bridge in
Takima Ca'nyon and was drowned in
Yakima River. His body sank out of
sight and was carried downstream.
little Ones Meet Death While; Play
ing: Near Swollen Stream and
Adult Falls From Bridge.
MAN AND THREE CHILDREN
DROWNED IN NORTHWEST
NAPA. April 17.— Investigation has
been in progress several days as to the
Identity of two bodies found buried at
Oak Mound in Napa. The bodies were
only two feet beneath the surface and
foul play was suspected, v To-day it
was discovered that the remains were
those of an Indian and his wife. In 1853
an Indian employed by, George. Yount
near Yountvllle attacked Mrs. Edington
of. Napa and almost killed her. -The
woman was. rescued and shortly after
ward the Indian was placed in -jail. A
party of indignant citizens broke into
the jail, took | the prisoner out and
hanged him at Oak Mound. The body
of the Indian was buried near by and
later the body of his wife was brought
to the same place and buried.
Story of 'Lynching; Revived by Find
liiK Remains of Two Persons
Near Xapa. ;
MYSTERY OF TWO
BODIES IS EXPLAINED
INDIANAPOLIS, April 17.— While
the city fire department, reinforced by
companies from the suburbs, was being
taxed to its^itrnost fighting the Occi
dental Hotel fire this morning an alarm
•was turned in from St. Vincent's Hos
pital. When the first fire company ar
rived one life had been lost and several
persons were seriously injured in the
panic that followed. The dead:
HARRIET LEAHY, jumped from the
fourth floor and instantly killed.
The injured are: Miss Kate Beach,
fatally injured by failing from third
floor; Sister Superior Stella, seriously;
Hister Nordica, seriously; William
Schneider, a patient, who at the time
of the flre was undergoing an opera
tion; Harry Nichols, ju?t operated upon
lor appendicitis.
Several other nurses and attendants
xvere more or less bruised in their en
deavor to escape from what they
thought was instant death.
For a time it seemed that the flames,
which started in a pile of rags, would
find their way to the upper floors. At
every window on the third And fourth
Hoors were crowded the panic-stricken
jren and women screaming for help
to those on the street below.
The panic that raged on the third
r.nd fourth floors continued until long
lifter the fire had been extingushed.
Pntipnts who had just undergone sur
gical operations rushed from their beds
to tW? windows and attempted to throw
themselves to the ground. In the i-ear
men and women made ropfcs of bed
< lothing, by which they escaped to the
cmund belov.-. Kate Beach lost her
hold and fejl from the third floor. She
is noTv in a critical condition.
An unusual number of surgical oper
ations were performed in the hospital
on Saturday. Many of the patients
carried from their beds by the rescuers
¦were in & critical condition, fend the
•physicians In charge fear that many
fatalities may result. The patients were
carried to the male ward, which is on
th*> first floor and was not seriouslj'
affected by the panic which raged in
the upper floors. Harry Nichols, who
Building Soon After Undergoing
Surgical Operations.
Unfortunates Run From lie Blazing
Catbolic Sisters Sustain
Severe Injuries Wtiile
Escaping.
HONOLULU, April 10. — When the
earthquake was destroying lives and
property in Macedonia, on April 4, a
sharp shock was experienced through
out the Hawaiian Islands. Xt the same
time the. cone- on the volcano of
Kilauea split with a roar. A great
cloud and column" of ,smoke and ashes
rolled out from the heart of the volcano,
startling some tourists who were for
tunate enough to be watching It. . A
guide- went down to the crater and
found that an explosion had split open
the cone," the noise proceeding from it
sounding like the boom and roar of a
mighty surf, with huge rocks thunder
ing down into the bottomless pit.' On
the following day another explosion,
but not so violent, occurred.
TACOMA. April 17.— The courage and
loyalty of his youthful and beautiful
bride were important factors in aiding
Captain Sautrel to save the French
bark Marguerite Dollfus on her stormy
voyage of SOS days from Hull to Puget
Sound. The captain was wedded a few
days before his vessel sailed from
Havre. He loaded at Hull and Dun
kirk, sailing: for Puget Sound with pig
Iron and cement. In August while in
the mid-Atlantic a- fearful hurricane
raged for many days* Terrific blasts
tore out most of the bark's upper rig
ging.
One fateful afternoon the first mate
was washed overboard from the main
yard. The vessel was brought to in an
almost suicidal effort to save him. Life
buoys were cast overboard and five
men stood ready to man a boat. The
sea was boiling, while the ship was go-
Ing along so fast that the mate was far
astern when the buoys were cast out.
To stay hove to meant foundering, and
the ship went on with the wind. For
days the deck was kept under four feet
of water, and It seemed as if the ves
sel would be beaten to pieces. A sailor
fell from the fore topgallant yard and
was instantly , killed. Several of the
crew becamt sick.
Then it wa\? that Mrs. Sautrel learned
what it meant to be. a sailor's bride.
She remained by her husband's side
day and night offerine words of en
couragement and cheer. They made
Rio de Janeiro, where the ship was re
paired and the sick sailors exchanged
for well ones. Severe storms were en
countered at Cape Horn. Food became
reduced to meat and biscuit and scurvy
broke out.
Captain Sautrel and his bride will
finish their honeymoon ashore.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
When Black reached San Jose ave
nue he wheeled, and said to Campbell:
"If . you don't "quit following me I'll
shoot you." . Then he ran along San
Jose avenue to Twenty-third street,
Campbell still in pursuit. Black doubled
on his tracks until he reached Twenty
second and Mission streets, where he
jumped upon a passing car. Campbell
says he told several men he met dur
ing his purswit of Black that he sus
pected Black was a footpad.
Another fact that confirms the sus
picions against Black is tne finding of
a cartridge on Fair Oaks street. Black,
during his flight, ran along Fair Oaks
street, and it is believed that he
dropped the cartridge while reloading
his revolver. The cartridge bears the
name "Peters" and those found on
Black when arrested bear the same
name. The officers say they, have never
known of any cartridges of that brand.
- The suspicion entertained by De
tectives Bunner and Freel that Jack
Black, alias Tom Callahan, ex-convict,
was Implicated in the recent holdups
In the Mission was verified yesterday.
Black was arrested on Eddy street last
Friday night, after a desperate fight
with the capturing officers.
Yesterday afternoon Frank Campbell,
a teamster living at 137% Fair Oaks
street, called at the City Prison with
detectives and identified Black as one
of the two men who had a running re
volver fight with Policemen Skelly and
Walsh on the night of April 10 in the
neighborhood of Twenty-third and Do
lores streets.
Campbell said he saw Black running
out of a lot on Alden alley, J between
Dolores and Fair Oaks streets and
Twenty - second and Twenty - third
streets. Campbell' asked Black what
was the trouble and Black replied that
he had just run out himself to see. what
was the matter. Campbell retorted:
"Well, you're going the wrong way."
Black ran down .Twenty-second street,
toward Valencia, and Canipbell, whose
suspicions had been aroused, ran after
him.
ALBANY. April 17.— If the polio
adopted by the friends of Judge Alton
B. Parker, at whose head stands for
mer Senator David B. Hill, is carried
out at the sessions of the Democratic
state convention to-morrow, there is
likely to be precipitated upon the floor
of the convention a battle royal w^tiich
has not had a parallel in State political
conventions for many years. Since the
Saratoga convention of 1900, when Gen
eral Charles N. Bulger of Oswego, rep
resenting Senator- Hill, putting " his
finger almost under the nose of Rich
ard Croker, denounced Tammany Hall
and its politics. Tammany has waited
as an organization to present its com
pliments to Hill, and although it is
perfectly apparent to-night that the
interests dominated by Hill control a
large majority of the convention's vote,
it is a foregone conclusion that such
orators as Bourke Cockran, Thomas F.
Grady, Charles A. Towne and Victor
Dowling will on the floor of the con
vention personally accuse Hill of at
tempting to wreck the party.
There was some discussion to-night
as to the platform to be adapted. It
is said to have been Senator Hill's,
idea that the platform should deal ex
tensively with x State and national is
sues, but William F. Sheehan, speaking,
it is believed, for Judge Parker him
self, has won to-night probably a con
cession so that the platform adopted
to-morrow will be very brief, dealing
not in any minute particulars, but gen
erally with the failures of the Repub
lican party. It is understood that it
will assert that since the death of
President McKinley the party in power
has practically run riot, has failed in
its promise to carry out McKinley's
policies, has catered to the corporations
and trusts and has demoralized the
public service. It will not'ln any way
allude to the monetary system, nor
will it indorse any particular platform
heretofore adopted by Democratic con
ventions. In a word, it -is intended, to
relieve Judge Parker if the convention
instructs for him until such time as
the national platform is adopted.
It is understood that v the delegates
at large to the national convention will
be former Senators David B. Hill of
Albany and Edward Murphy of Troy:
August Belmont of New York and
James W. Ridgeway of Brooklyn.
The convention will be called to or
der by Chairman Frank Campbell of
the State committee at 2 p. m. and af
ter routine matters are settled it will
be adjourned until 8 p. m., when Sena
tor Raines will be permanent chairman.
The battle on the floor of the conven
tion will take place at the evening ses
sion.
Morton had been employed on Doro
thy's ranch, thirty miles from Pendle
ton. Yesterday a misunderstanding
about wajges arose. Both- men became
enraged, and Morton ' left the ranch,
saying he *.vould return. He came to
this city, obtained a 38-caliber revolver
and returned to the ranch. Dorothy
had expected trouble and had armed
himself. As soon as the two men met
there was an exchange of shots, in
which ' Dorothy received a wound di
rectly over the .heart, Which the doc
tors say will prove fatal. Morton was
captured this afternoon, but beyond' a
declaration of shooting in self-defense
refused to talk.
PENDLETON, Or., April 17.— In a
pistol duel over wages Patrick Doro
thy, a v/ell-known and wealthy Eastern
Oregon sheep man; was shot and
fatally Injured last evening by William
Morton, a sheepherder, who has been
arrested. ¦ ? :¦:/•¦.: : ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Temblor Felt on the Island
Supposed to Be Cause of
the Renewal of Activity
Two Men Are Lost, but Dur
ing All Danger Woman's
Bravery Inspires Sailors
Predicted That Orators of
Organization Will Accuse
Hill of Being a Wrecker
Patrick Dorothy, the Victim,
Is 'Well Known and Rich
Stockman, Eastern -Oregon
Frank Campbell States ; He
Pursued Suspect Several
Blocks on That .Occasion
Fire Causes a Deatti
and Panic in a
Hospital
FIERCE STORMS RAGE
WITNESSED BY TOURISTS
TAMMANY TO THE FORE
ENGAGED IN GUN FIGHT
ASSAILANT IS AKEESTED
Dispute 'Over Wages Ends in
a Fatal AfTray Between
Sheep Owner and Employe
Policy of Friends of Judge
Parker, It Is Claimed^ill
Precipitate Battle Eoyal
Captain Sautrel and Wife
Have a Perilous Voyage
From Hull to Puget Sound
With Sonnd Like Booming of
Surf Crater of Hawaiian
Volcano Belches Forth Fire
Jack Black, Arrested Last
Friday Evening, Is Identi
fied in the City Prison
KILAUEA'S ROAR
HEARD AGAIN
PATIENTS
FLEE FROM
THE FLAMES
WAR EXPECTED
BY POLITICIANS
BRIDE CHEERS
SHIP'S CREW
RANCHER SHOT
BY A HERDER
BELIEVE THEY
HOLD FOOTPAD
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY; APRIL 18, 190*.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Skin Diseases
of tbe most stubborn end chronic kind
¦re promptly relieved and eventually
cured by the use of
This powerful germicide' is ab-
. solutely harmless. It has cured
cases pronounced incurable and
trill cure you. By killing the
perms that cause skin diseases, it
allows Nature to restore a healthy
skin. Used and endorsed by lead-
ing physicians everywhere or the
last 1 2 years. Booklet on request.
So!d by leading druggists or -trial
bottle sent prepaid on receipt of 25 cents.
61 O Prince St., New York.
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner*s Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. ; Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail or express. Peddle cured
• free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
4BUSEUK OF flkaTOHV*
0 Q$ :c:i Kisrncr. in. &:*«;&, s.r.cu. 4
\ 5r Tk* L»T£T«Anat«ois»l Muieum in th« \
jj J|'^ W«rtd. VfetkcrtMs »r any ion:r», -ffl A
, J>^ f-A> <:«»•« !>•••• «»~l7-«-«r..*fy tht o! It >; Y
A tiW*h DR. JQROAK-D'SEASES OF KEN A
i PffSi^B C«ria!titioo tret *nd ttri-t'y prirair. \
A t ir'V f* Tt«»'!a^rt l>^r»on»! » or bv ir'trr. A M
t ft Ct w ffitut Ottrt in vrttj ««»e iradrruikeii. \
AC B \im *»** i* H .ok. pniLemrni at A
V*H I • KlHnMt*. ifntLTS FKKC (AT
i A /J. valutble book toe m*n) i
V DU. JtMil»Jt> & CO.. 1051 3ftrfcrtSt..8. F. 9
California mustard, has
strength but lacks flavor.
Trieste has flavor but lacks
strength. Schilling's Best is
the two mixed, nothing else,
no color. The next - best
mustard sold here is weak but
has, good flavor.^; '•
Your grocer's ; money back.
APT^TI5^TffT1NT&
There are many break-
fast foods.
There is one best break-
fast food :
"FORCE,".the morning
meal of more than three
millions of energetic,
clear-thinking people, i
It Is not tli© <pnntlty. tost tZte wttvtttvt fwcJv^P -
of food, and your ability to ririmfliitt u. tfc» t
Thin to 'wber« ** FORCE" itepa ts ; rich ta thi
Tital Mtrocen and Protein of wheat ud Darter,
partially digested. k> that it is ready to slip into
tisauo without w«!# of energy in th> asnal «low
process of ditrestton.
' For Brain aodBrswa— aerr* cold wttaeraaxa.
v jJajEHDYOilR
jqv^T Other people do, end
tntrL get satisfactory
• WsgiS*^ results. So will you.
My prices are enticingly low. Here are
a lew figures:
devei«oping.
Roll of 6— 10c... ...Roll or 12— 15c
PRINTING. •" "
Sollo finish. 3c to 5c: Velox finish. 3c to 6c.
Cameras of all kinds repaired at easy
prices. All popular size? of daylight load-
Ing films at popular prices. Mall Orders
promptly filled.
lUU CARDS S2JS OUH
.CORRECT STVLC5 ANO SlZCS ALSO
THATMANPITTS
1008 Market Street ¦ L C ,._ i
Y^Q Perfect Fitting. (/(Y
¦jpj> Eyeglasses ¦..&
It At Moderate Cost |\
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVXGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonio for the" Sexual Organs, for both, sexea.
The - Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
823 Market St.. S. F. — (Send for Clrcalara.>
OCEAN TKAVEL.
•i s£\c *5"N. • Steamers leave Broadway
~/G£*^<@2\. wfca r ves . Pie" 9 and M.
Af%T_ an Francisco.
[[ £ & III ">l \«M For Ketchikan, "Wra=s?l.
I -I \*3Si I I ¦¦'Juneau, Haines, Skagway.
I \ \W*VA / I « tc -- Alaska — 11 a. m.. Apr.
WVYi 'Jeff 15 - 25 « 30 - May 5. 'Chan*"
V>5XjJ>/<)y - to Company's steamers at
N^ATSkKP./ Seattle.
For , Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma. Everett. Bel-
llnsham— 11 a. m.. Apr. 15. 20. 23. 30, May 5.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamer*
for Alaska and G. N\ Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
corna to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
"For, Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, l:3O
p. m., Apr. 16. 22. 28, May 4. Spokane. 1:30
p. m.; Apr.' 10. 25. May 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara-—
Eanta Rosa, Sundays,- 0 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 0 a. ra.
- For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucoo, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Santa Cruz, 9 a. m.. Apr. 19. (Freight only.>
Bonlta/9 a. m.. Apr.' 21. 29, May 7.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joee del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa. Re -
salla. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
month. ': For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to Changs eteamers or sailing
lates. ¦ ,
TICKET OFFICES — I New Montgom-
•ry st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market nt. and Broad.
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C D. DUNANX, General Passenger Agent.
• 10 Market «t.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter st.. will
rail for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
O. : R. & Ni. CO.
'¦ OREGON* sails April 7, 17, 27. May T. 17
ind 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails April IX 22. ¦
Vay 2, 12 and 22. Only steamship Ua» to
PORTLAND, OR., and short - rait lias ' from
Portland— to all points East. Through tickets
lo all Doints. Steamer tickets includs berth
»nd meals. Steamer salla foot of Spear at., at
II a. m. S. F- BOOTH, Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery st.: C. CLIFFORD. Gan.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
occanics.5.co.s^i
S S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Apr. 20.il a.' m.
s' S ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 23.11 a.m.
s"' S SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck>
'land and Sydney. Thurs.. May 5. 2 p.m.
J.D.SFBECKELS &BE03. CO.,lZtS.,TiC*£Et OflCS 643 Mar-
Ui zv, nejgtt'Offlce 329 Mamt St., ¦ Pier 7, Paclfls si
CO MP A SN IE GENERA LE ' TBAKS ATX.A5TIQUBL
DIRECT. LINE ! TO/HAVBE-PARIS. ''jjig^.
¦ Saillns every Thursday instead of
Saturday, at.10 a. m.. from Pier 42. ¦«««»•
North Rivar. foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre." $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to- Havre. $15 and upward. CE.V-
ERAL AGENCY^FOK UNITED STATES AND
PANADA -33 Broadway (Hudson building;.
New Yortc. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents 5 Montgomery avenue. 8an Francisco.
Tickets sold : by all ¦ Railroad Ticket ' Agents.
lHar^Tiiwj** and >y«Iltio Staamera.'
' Steamer" GEN. TRISBIE or MONTICELLO—
0:45 a. m.-,;S:15and8:30p.,n>.. except . Sunday.
Sunday. 8 M5 a- «»-. 8 :3 ° P* m - Leave • v •»«»
7 a ni. 1 • 12 -SO and 6 * p. - tn.r>«ept > Sunday.
Sunday./? a..m.. 4:15,p. m. Fare. ,50 cems.
Tel Main 150S. Pier 2, MUsion-st. dock.
HATCH«BRO3- »¦ - _I_j\
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
fe| -¦ M"*^ * v '• • ' '" • - - res
I jHi™ The Only True Malt Tonic 1
Kfjg Wjf SviY concentrated liouio BR/^vI^li - 5ic ic fiif* tf'JiQP Or • rmiiiV SO»t*Jllifefl B
I Anfieuser-13usch Brewing Ass'r* I
H Also Brewers of Bud weiser, the ¦ ;World's. Most Famous iKttl^jBeer.^--. V ||
IH • - A cordial invitation is extended to aU visiting St. Uui« and the Ix»ulsiana Purchase |g
{SB Exposition to inspect the Anheuser-Busch Brewery, -where competent guides, / \ H
||1 speaking all modern languages, will be at their service. ... V . . W&'The frTMids of Jimmy Britt will entertain the
champion to-night at a banquet on : the eve of
bis defcarture for,; the \ East, where he goes in
quest of : histrionic triumphs. All ¦ the i t amiliar
facea will be there to-night. Billy Jordan will
call "time," Eddie Oraney. will referee George
Hartlng will. hold the watch, Oeorge P. Web
ster wlll.be toastmaster," while Colonel Martin
Brady and Spider Kelly will' preside over.f.the
liquid refreshments : In their.'. Inimitable style.
The affair is in charge of De Witt Van Court,
Sam Berger and John, Ferris. . < ,. . '
Will Entertain Jimmy Britt,""
ALAMEDA* April 17. — When the
City Trustees meet to-morrow, : . night
they will take ud the revised license
ordinance, and If no amendments
cause delay the measure probably will
be passed. Under the new ordinance
nJckle-in-the-6lot machines permitted
by the State law will be required to
pay a municipal tax of $20 a year.
This is «n increase of $10 over the
old license.
Alameda License Ordinance. ,
LETTER CARRIER * MISSING.^-Joseph 'A.
Hutchlnson,» a' letter 1 carrier residing 'at-. 432
Seventh street, was v reported < missing to the
Coroner last night by hie brother. E. C.Hvitch
irison. ¦• Hutchinson' left ' : hU- home : .' Saturday
night and has not been "seen since. 4 ' He la '2?
years of age and 5 Xeet SVs laches tall.
OAKLAND., April 17.— The regular
business meeting of the Women's
Civic Improvement Club will be 'held
at the . Chabot Observatory Hall"to
morrow afternoon at 3:30 o'clock.
After the regular! meeting of the club,
an address will be delivered by P. M.
Fisher, principal of 'the Polytechnic
High School. :j*l v . -¦•-. .' V
Women's Club* Will.-' Meet.
Among the members of th* committee who
have already arrived are President . Samuel
Gompers of the American Federation of Labor
and President John Mitchell of the United
Mln*workers of America. x The Colorado • coal
miners now on strike are members j of Mit
<-h«:r« organization, and he will be the con
trolling factor on the union aide In any nego
tiations that are undertaken.
DENVER, Aurll 17. — The quarterly meeting
of the executive committee of the American
Federation of Labor . will : begin to-morrow
morning In the Windsor Hotel In this city and
continue throughout the coming week. In
addition to the eleven members of the commit
tee and th* clerical force, about 100 repre
sentatlv«i'..of local unions affiliated -with the
federation will be-in the city, the latter .to pre
sent grievances to be, disposed of -by the com
mittee. One of the most Important matters to
be considered Is the coal miners' .strike in
Colorado.
Will Attend Meeting of Executive
• Committee of Federation of La
bor to Be Held This Week. <
LABOR LEADERS GOMPERS
AND MITCHELL AT DENVER
OAKLAJCD, April 17.— The following
certificates were granted hy the County
Board of Education yesterday: High
school life. Bertha Chapman; grammar
school lifp, Helen Hamlin, Gussie W.
Podd: permanent grammar grade,
Joseph Dias; grammar grade, Mary
Fitzgerald, Nrlson Scribner; grammar
jcrade renewals, Helen Hamlin, Grace
I* * "./Inter, K. L. . Thompson; recom
mended for university document, Mar
garet Webb." Amelia Newmark.
Granted Certiflcatcs.
Crap Shooters Arrested.
OAKLAND, April 17. : — Policemen
Tobin, Agnew and Murray descended,
upon a crowd of crao shooters at B
and Hollis streets this afternoon and
arrested John Peters, 22 years old, 1 a
peddler; Patrick • McDonough, : 16
years of age, and Paul Wold, 14 years
old. They were charged __ .wjth
gambling.
» OAKLAND'T April*- ',17.^-The; local
camps.of the Army and. Navy Repub
lican Lea^ue, r .Nos. / ,3;and. i9,:will hold
a Joint meeting/at Becker's Hall next
Wednesday. evening for the -purpose of
considering the "consolidation % off the
two camps, and electing officers. The
members of the league hope to event
ually consolidate all ¦ the * Alameda
County 'camps into a, single organi
zation.".', • -\ ? T ...:.:¦
Camps Will .Consolidated
SPOKANE. Wash.. April 17.— While play-
Ing, at the bottom of a ravine, near Northport,
Wash..'' Lisle Humphrey. 8 years old. . wa»
caught by a landslide and ,' burled. He was
*d*ad when taken out; " •¦ ' *"¦""'¦
EIGHT- YEAR-OLT> BOY ' ¦" -
-'KILLED" BY-- 'LANDSLIDE
-' Much building Is being done by the Alameda
Land Company. < The firm has » Just completed
a cottage ¦ on Ean • Jose • avenue, ; near . Regent
street. ' and ' have planned for ' the - erection of
six more en '¦> Briggs " avenue, at a the east • end.
This company • has now In course of erection
two large .^colonial residences on Central ave
nue, .between .Walnut and Chestnut streets', for
Paul K. - Buckley, and intend to build two more.
J -W.-" Clark of Tehama' County has let a con
tract with the Alameda Land Company for the
building of 'a home, on Pacific avenue, near
Chestnut street: Four . colonial .., houses * have
b«en finished by this same firm on Union' street,
south of Alameda avenue, and plans are being
prepared for a slx-rocm cottage to be erected on
Alameda avenue and Union street, and one. on
Central avenue,: near Broadway.
; A. > J. Torres, with Hammond . & . Hammond,
says that his firm is deluged with inquiries for
modern five and six-room cottages and that the
supply... In nowise meets the .demand. San
Francisco parties are commencing" to look about
for residences here during, the summer season,
and the real estate agents are kept constantly
on the move showing prospective. renters^ what
Is to be had. '•" .V-V'-r '- ' ¦'- t " 7 -- • ¦• ••¦'¦ >.
Hammond & Hammond are erecting . seven
houses on, the north side of Haight avenue and
on the south bide of Railroad avenue, between
Seventh and Eigh'th- streets." They are -figuring
on the building of twenty-two cottages in the
same vicinity, and are negotiating a large deal
on Central avenue and , another on Sherman
street.- ¦ •¦ • ¦-. •- ' ¦••>.- -•• ¦¦ ; • , .-.¦•.
Woodmen Will Give Smoker.
. OAKLAND, April 17. — Oakland
Camp No. -94, Woodmen of the World,
will give a smoker to-morrow evening,
April l - 18, at Woodmen; Hall. 521
Twelfth street. An interesting pro
gramme has/ been ,' prepared ,by.:the
commltteftiiin charge .pt'thei;. affair.
Members arelrequested ; to -bring, their
gentlemen friends and a 1 good time is
prbmise'd'- to 'all.- ;'_ The members, of -the
committee of arrangements are: Dr. J.
Purves. % N.VM; MJller and G.-.LV Leiter.
"• SPOKANE. Wash., ' April - 17.--NO «igns of
Abatement are noted In- the Colvllle Valley to
night.' The water is the highest It. has been in
ten years. Traffic on the Spokane Falls and
Northern line Is practically suspended owing
tf> washouts at many points. .The town of Otin
Is under. water and citizens have taken to thw'
hillsides. An electric light plant • «t Meyera
Falls which "supplies several small towns with
light,' Is flooded .and^ the -towns are In darH
ness. .."'.-
FLOODS IX COLVILLK
\ '•*. VAIXEY- STILL RAGE
"A new departure is demanded by
our times in Methodism — a change of
policy, to meet the conditions .of the
times. It, seems to -me a disgrace that
with a membership of over 3,000,000 we
have made a gain of but. 100,000 in the
last year. Why is it that -we ; have . not
made a greater gain? A"; mutuality of
labor by the pastor, and the. people. will
make the church grow in Rafter, time."
"We ought :to make; the church a
pure democracy. .'The* time has past
when we can distrust our people." Each
lay delegate to a general
represents about 10,000 members. Our
lay representation-: at the^^general con
ference' should be' equal to the minis
ters. -There should be a, lay representa
tive from every church, in America ac
cording, to ; its • membership. : The : lay
representatives should have ' J charge of
the business of. the church exclusively,
and the ministers have charge only of
the mlnisetrial functions.:. If we ; had
twice as -many, lay delegates at the
general conference as " ministers ' It
would be better - for , all : concerned,;
Were this so there would be better sal
aries and they would be' better paid.
All church officers should * be ; elected
by the congregations. ; Our \ Bishops
should be elected at our annual "con
ferences,: and missionary, bishops should
be" native to \ the '/country where they
are to : serve! . v Our '¦ present .bishoprics
are , but archbishoprics: • Practically j we
have . no -. Bishops. :. The . Bishops
be brought into closer, contact 1 with the
ministers . and • the) churches. ..Bishops
shouldbe retired by tlie age limit at 66,
68 or 72 ; years. The'; general conference
takes- itself "too : seriously.'? Methodism
is "strong in men: '-JWe 1 must "maintain
our. own" great . educational institutions,
and,'- above ' all; :.we must infuse 4 - more
life Into > our : church % affairs ," in z accord
with' these, modern "times." :'¦"• ¦ {
OMAHA, April 17.— A plan to make
the Methodist Episcopal church a pure
democracy, is suggested by Chancellor
H." A. Buchtel of the. University of
Denver, and , will in all likelihood be
brought before the 'general conference
at Los Angeles nexCmonth. Speaking
here to. a gathering of ' Methodists he
said: ' ' : . ':•¦ "'•"• "¦¦.*-' -~ '-< : ' .'.'¦ ¦¦:'-' :
Michael Donovan, a pioneer, resident
of San Leandro, died yesterday morn
ing at his home in that place, aged 83
years. Deceased leaves a' widow and
eight children. Michael. Jphn. Martin,
Gus, Julia, Anna and Maggie Donovan
and Mrs. John Matthews, of San' Jose." ¦
Gordon Hall, the infant son of Judge
and Mrs. S. P. Hall, died this morning
at the family residence, 1184 Fourteenth
street, aged 2 months.
Harry Bell Hampton, aged 4 years,
died yesterday at the home of his par
ents, Mr. and Mrs. John C. Hampton.
The child's illness was brief, death
being caused by diphtheria.
Jonah Harvey. 74 years of age, died
Thursday at his home, 1064 Wood street,
leaving a wife and one daughter, Mrs.
J. R. Cruikshank. . . :, .
OAKLAND, April 17.— Mrs. Flora E.
Saake, wife of the well known picture
merchant of this city, died this morn
ing at her home, 7 Telegraph avenue,
after a short illness. Death was caused
by blood poisoning, following an opera
tion. The deceased was 24 years of age
and had resided in Oakland for fifteen
years.
Alamnda County Deaths.
DECRIES LACK
OF MUTUALITY
: Michael Egan, the world's champion hand
ball player, had his hands full yesterday.aft
ernoon at the Olympic Club. "He clayed Al
Hampton, the coast champion, and Jimmy
White three out of five games and won after
a hard struggle. Hampton, much. to the.sur
prise of . everybody present, was able to take
Egan* s fast toss, but ' could only return • the
ball to the wall lightly.- White' played bril
liantly and even the champion praised him.
- Previous to the big game Hampton tried to
beat 'Louis, Levy and George James, but they
proved too -much 'for .'him. .Hampton, won the
first game, but the .next two 'went to James
and Levy, The games were fast and full of
clever playing^ on- both" sides: In the final
Hampton -had- twenty points, to his opponents*
eighteen. By a series of kills. James and Levy
won out."' The scores of yesterday's games
follow: ,- ' ¦
Michael Egan ..'.¦,.......17 21 21 21
Hampton and White....: ...21 16 18 6
James and' Levy .. . .'. .'.,.. '.'.. ......AS 21 21
Al Hampton.'....'....... ........21 " 18 20
lot on: Paru street. - near -the bay • shore, 'to
A. V. Clark, and another lot adjoining to. Mrs.
A. • P. Baker. Both of the : purchasers will
build pretentious residences on the sites. This
firm also soJd a piece of ' property ¦ on the west
side of Walnut- streets between Encinal ¦ and
Alameda avenues,, to' A. • D. Gibson;, a.' cottage
on. Pearl street, near Central avenue, to J. F.
Kelley; a house at 1320 Weber street to S. A.
Hanson, and a residence on the south side of
Taylor avenue, west of Caroline street." to
Clotllde Klein. - -. Y. — '•¦•.- ».- '
Famous Player els Nearly Beaten ' In
Exhibition Game With • i Hamp- -
ton and White.- V *••;•; \~
• NEW YORK. April 17.— "Tbm" Ma*ulre. the
veteran theatrical manager, formerly of Saa
Francisco. Is talking 'again,' after all. Al
though his tongue was cut out recently at the
New York Skin and. Cancer Hospital, to saye
him from dying of cancer, and he never ex
pected to be able to sp>ak again, Maeuire can
nowmako himself . understood, although In a
way that cannot fail to be painful to ths many
friends he has made In theatrical and political
circles. His throat Is . becoming . trained to
adapt Itself to the changed conditions, and as
time goes on It Is expected that his ability to
express himself by sounds will increase con
siderably - '¦ "
LOSS OF TONGUE DOES NOT
PREVENT' 3IAGUIRE TALKING
HANDBALL CHAMPION V EGAN
HAS TO EXTEND HIMSELF
. The. building is provided with both
mens' and women's dressing-rooms at
the rear of the auditorium, and - is
handsomely decorated and fitted with
modern appliances. | The house will be
formally opened early in May. ..
The : Sweeney Opera House is' the
largest of its kind in Alameda County;
barring Oakland, and was. designed to
be used as a theater and dancing hall.
The building is 136- feet long -and 50
feet wide. It is lQcated at the corner
of First and McLeod streets. The stage
is 28 by 32 feet and the building is pro
vided with exits in case of fire. >
LIVERMORE, April 17.— The new
Sweeney Opera House was thrown open
to* thepublic last night- and a big
crowd of merrymaker attended the
housewarming and entertainment pro
vided-by John and E. J. Sweeney, the
owners. ¦ \ - ¦¦' ¦
The first Hyde lecture will be given by M.
Robert Dupouey In the Students'. Observatory
at 4 o'clock on Friday. The lecture, which
will be delivered In French, will be upon "The
Young Girl in Contemporary Fiction."
The university orchestra will irlve Its first
concert on Tuesday evening in Harmon Gym
nafium. when a varied and extended pro
gramme will be given.
The annual parade and review of the cadet
regiment will take place on the campus on
Wednesday morning at 11 o'clock. President
Wheeler will be the honored guest of the oc
casion.
BERKELET. April 1". — Dr. George Steln
dorff of the University of Leipzelg will deliver
the second and third of his course of lectures
in Egyptology this week In Hearst Hall. The
subject fdr to-morrow evening Is "Views Con
cerning t>ife After Death." On Wednesday
evening ' he will epeak upon "Graves and
Burials in Egypt; Egyptian Religion Outside
Egypt."
The "kirmess" of the Prytanean Society,
which was postponed until to-morrow night
on account of the raJn. promises to be one of
the mart elaborate affairs ever undertaken by
the society. There will be booths represent
ing fa'l nations, and from these all sorts of
things will be sold. Besides a programme of
entertainments to be given that will hold
everj'boyd's ears and eyes until It Is over,
there will be music by the mandolin and
guitar club, Scotch reels and Spanish dances
and Irish reels. Hawaiian melodies and what
not. •"-"•
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
TOUNTVILLE, April 17.— The old
soldiers at the Veterans' Home at
Yountville were given a treat on Satur
day evening in the way of an enter
tainment under the direction of the
Misses O'Donnell and Strohl. The pro
gramme opened with an overture by
the Veterans' Home orchestra. ".. Next
came a chorus, - then a reading by
Frank : M. Sllva, a vocal solo by Miss
Mamie Mathews and "The Irish Heir
ess," a miniature study in two acts,
were especially Interesting, . all the
youthful participants acquitting them
selves with credit. A recitation by Miss
Mamie O'Donnell and a vocal solcr by
Paul E. Mertz were both excellent; so
also was the character song by the
Misses Stella Cotter and Haz«l Strohl.
A flower drill presented by ten young
ladies pleased the veterans.- The pro
gramme closed with an effective tab
leau and was followed by a dance.
NAPA YOUNG WOMEN
ENTERTAIN VETERANS
LIVERMORE'S NEW PLAYHOUSE,
OPENED SATURDAY EVENING.
AND ITS OWNERS.
California's three debaters are wag
ging their tongues for hours every day
now in anticipation of the intercolle
giate debate with Stanford in the Al
hambra Theater in San Francisco next
Saturday night. The men of the team
realize that they are to manufacture
words in competition with a team of
veteran talkers, two of whom are really
inveterate, so they are in daily train
ing.
In this debate Stanford is to have
Frank Rohr and H. M. Lewis, both
heroes of one intercollegiate and two
Carnot debates, and Sheriffs, a member
of the last Carnot team. Against this
aggregation of veteran men California
Is to send Max Thelen, who has weath
ered two intercollegiate debates, one
Carnot and one Bonnheim discussion;
Joseph. P. «Lucey, winner of the last
Carnot medal, and Robert L. Me Wil
liams,-a youth who has never before
got anything better than alternate on
the ••¦ Carnot -teanu From the point of
view of "experienced men Stanford
ought to win out. :
Stanford has. another advantage from
the point of view of-, the question. Her
team is to present the affirmative on a
question that is comparatively easy to
defend. -The. .question is, "Resolved,
that in -cities of the" United States of
more than ,40,000 Inhabitants a system
of municipal government concentrating
the exceptive and administrative pow
ers in the hands of the Mayor should
be adopted."
The debate is to be Judged by three
of the leading /'jurists of. the State-
United" States /Circuit Jndge Morrow,
State Supreme Justice Lucien Shaw
and Supreme Court Commissioner
Cooper. President David Starr Jordan
will preside. - '
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, April 17.
. ALAMEDA. " April 17.— Realty sales
and contracts, for -the_constructing of
homes were | made ; here' during the ; last
week in"> a manner that would > Indicate
the approach of ': a*, notable '; quickening
in', the • local s real i estate ; market- ;£ The
following, sales , have ', been made ; lately:
Hammond & ¦ Hammond ; disposed of a ' large
MEETING OF, . BOOSTERS.
Next Wednesday evening the Oak-'
land Boosters' will hold an opening
rally In the Common School Assembly
Hail at_. the, Chabot Observatory and
the proposed bond issue will be dis
cussed by speakers ; appointed by . ; the
Board of Education, and the bond is
sue will receive the formal indorsement
of the Oakland Boosters.
Reports from real estate dealers in
dicate that the market of 1904 will be
better, than ' that of "1903.
¦'Frank' J.; Woodward, president of the
Oakland Real Estate Association, says:
, The market 5 is wore active than usual at
this season and the outlook Is promising. > Dur
ing', the. week we have sold half a dozen'resi
dences and' several unimproved residence lots,
aggregating about $40,000, and we have had a
large number, of Inquiries .for property of all
descriptions. - •;
AVithin the -last few days a corporation has
been organized under the name of the. Realty
Bonds and' Finance Company. Its capitaliza
tion is $1,000,000. with a subscribed capital of
$100.000. '-It Is Its purpose to acquire and own
business properties, , and In .order that small in
vestors • shall - have an- opportunity • to, share In
the . profits - of these ; investments 4 i per - cent
bonds wUl be Issued and' sold In denominations
of $500 and upward.' '<:¦'. -'¦¦ - ¦
These bonds will be secured by a Hrst mort
gage Jien: upon tl* properties of the company
and some large San Francisco trust company
will be asked . to act as- trustee for the in
vestors..:^'. . >' ¦ .¦ •'" ;:* : - , ' ¦' ¦
¦ ¦¦' It Is also* the 'Intention! of the company to
transact a general' real estate and insurance
business,- caring for I the properties of absent
owners and estates In probate. The board of
directors consists of. the following well known
citizens/, whose -standing in : the commercial
world assures success from ,the start: ' John
A. Britton, - A: ,!..¦•: Scott, Henry A. Butters
William Moller, W. R. Davis, Frank M -Wil
son, Anson S.-- Blake," B. C. Soule and F, "J
Woodward.' .' The company will occupy the of
fices of Woodward.. 1 Watson & Co. at Broadway
and Fourteenth : street. ;¦ - ,' ' .vj-
FRUrrVALE PROPERTY MOVES.
; Henry Barkmeyer of Frultvale 'dis
cussed 'conditions^ there as , follows: ;;
During * the ; last week s the following sales
have-been made by our ;offlce: p : Cottage, $SQO
cottage, $1800; dwelling, $1000; • two-story
dwelling, i $3700. '. There ' is a . demand for im
proved residences In Frultvale. and indications
point ao< a: strong, market. There is not much
sale of Frultvale real estate to speculators, al
most all of the Inquiries being for homes rang
ing from $1500 to $3500.
'i'AlVJ.^Snyder said: ,"I .have had five
carriages , and, ' buggies ' at. v/ork ' since
the beginning of : the good weather and
they have, all been kept busy. , I expect
a: splendid - market , this year if: the
.bonds^carry." ! , :
' alAmeda demand good.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway,, April 17.
The demand for Oakland and su
burban real estate is . increasing and
homeseekerc are coming:! here from all
parts of- the country. . 'SV;
The most important transaction late
ly was the purchase* by the Contra
Costa .Water Company of the b'uilding
now occupied by th Union National
Bank, on the southeast corner of
Ninth ' street and Broadway.
Among those putting up homes in
Oakland are: .
Judge W. R. Geary, two-story resi
dence on Fifth avenue, near Ninth
street. ; , : V^;-
H. J. . Derby, six-room cottage on
Fifth avenue, near East Ninth street.
H. Frantes, one-story frame store on
Twenty-third avenue, near East Fif
teenth street. .
;, J. R. Westlake, two-story . dwelling
on Market street, near Thirty-fifth.
Plans have been prepared by Archi
tect William Knowles for a modem
three-story apartment' house to be
erected on the Ma sill estate on the
corner of Thirteenth and Castro
streets. It will contain about thirty
apartments. ¦*
A fair wind tu blowing: across Spreckel=
Lake In Golden Gate Park yesterday and the
members of the San Francisco Model Yacht
Club held tome interesting races. Owing to a
lack of time the four winning boat* were un
able to meet to settle the question of suprem
acy. The boats that finished within the time
limit, their order, owner and time limit, fol
- FIRST RACE.
Boat. Owner. Time.
1. Albatross O. Nelson .\. 7 3:02
2. Zulu ...L. E. Gandyv... «:21
3. Maid :.-... O M. Stevenaon 9:50
4. Piute O. M. Forrest .10:00
SECOND RACE.
1. Piute O. M. Forrest.......... 4:23
2. Amelia G. "W. Hay 5:00
3. Zulu Gandy 6:04
4. Albatross Nelson 6:16
THIRD RACE. ,
1. Amelia G. W. Hay 4:22
2. Albatross..... O. Nelson . R:51
3.' Bulletin ..... B. Jurgen :............ 5:6»
4. Piute ...'. ... . O. M. Forrest ........ 6:12
6. Independence.. W. Roeckner 8:08
FOURTH RACE.
1. Scphie.. ...r:. J.- E. Brannan .....;.. 4:54
2. Albatross..... O. Nelson 6:23
3. Maid. • O. M. Stevenson 7:08
4. Coronado McCleary ...'8:05
Owing to Lack of Time the Winning
| "Boats' in the Varioiis Classes Do ;
Not Meet. - *i-'.\
MODEL YACHTS COMPETF. '
" " UNDER' GOOD CONDITIONS
Long-Winded Men of Uni
versity of California Train
for Intercollegiate Matcli
Market Is Active and the
Demand for 'property in
I Oakland Steadily, Increases
DEBATERS WAG
THEIR TONGUES
REAL ESTATE
DEALERS BUSY
Hibbard Trophy— E. Klevesahl 49, Robert
son 44 Forster 42 Donohoe 41. Feudner 42,
McConnell 34, Sylvester 43.
The Golden ' Gate Gun Club members ! held
their regular shoot yesterday -at 'Tngletlde
traps. The feature of the day was the splen
did record made by E. Klevesahl. In the, Hlb
bard trophy event Klevesahl scored 49 bluerocks
out of a possible 50.
The terms of the stake were that a. shooter
must win the prize three times to hold It.
Klevesahl and Forster both had two wins to
their credit. The prize Is now Klevesahl's
property. Following are the scores:
Monthly medal shoot — Feudner 25, Nauman
23, Haight 21. Forster 22. Robinson 25, Hoyt
24, Reed 22 Slade 22, Potter 21, E. Klevesahl
23, G Sylvester 23, Shields 18,' Donohoe 21.
La Ing 13, Hutton 21, McConnell 21, Gamble 24,
Murdcck 23. Wattles 20 Ivereon 18, Clark 1».
Burton 7. Cuheo 14, Turner 12.' Patrick 0, Ja
cobson 12, McDonough 8, Bov.en 12, Clark 19,
BlUer 11. H. Klevesahl 22, .
$150 cash event— Feudner 21, Nauman .24,
Haight 24, Forxter 22, Gamble 20, Murdock 18,
Wattles 18. Iverson 19. Robertson 19, Paul 1^.
Hoyt 21 Reed 22, Slade 21. Golcher 19, Potter
18. E. Klevesahl 21, G. Sylvester 19, Shields
20. Donohoe 19, Laingr 18, Hutton 23, McCon
nell 22. Burton 16 Cuneo 10, Turner 8/ Patrick
12, Jacohson 14. McDonough 5, Bowen 9, Clark
14, H. Klevesahl 16. Baker 12.
' Consolation shoot — Feudner 21, Nauman 25,
HaJght 24 Forster 23. Robertson 23, Paul 22.
Knauft 22. Gamble 16. Murdock 22.. Wattles
22 Iverson 19. .Hoyt 19,. Reed 22. Slade 22,
Golcher 23, Potter 23, E. Kleveaahl 23, O. Syl
vester ¦ 23 Shlels 24. Donohoe 21, Lains 21,
Hutton 20, McConnell 20, Burton 11, Cuneo 19,
Turner 10, Patrick IS. Jacobson 21_ McDon
ough 11, Bowen 10, Clark 16, H. KTevesahl 23.
for the Cup.
Breaks Forty-Nine Out of JFifty Blue
! -Rocks in the Decidhifc Match /"
KLEVESAHL FINALLY TAKES
ARTISTIC HIBBARD TROPHY
The cries brought Mrs. Fischel to
the door and when she opened it the
thugs fled. One went north on Louisa
street, and the other went up Univer
sity avenue to Milvia street and dis
appeared,, but not before Fischel had
secured his pistol and sent a shot after
them. The shot aroused the neighbor
hood and a search was made for the
fellows, but they had escaped for
good. ' *
Fischel said to-day that the high
waymen would have got $160 from him
if : they -had been successful in holding
him up. He believes the men are" two
who visited his place: yesterday after
noon .on the' pretense of inquiring: for
a , man named. Barnes. , He 'describes
them as young men" wearing slouch
hats.: . .... . ;
But the highwaymen did not shoot.
They hesitated to murder a man so
evidently contemptuous of death. " In
the meantime Fischel had retreated in
side his yard a few feet without being
noticed by the men and at the proper
moment he began to shout lustily:
"Help! Murder! Police!"
"All right," replied Fischel. "Can't
die but once. Might as well die now
as any time. Shoot away." ""••->
"Thon we'll plug' you wl'Ji a bullet,"
said the second fellow.
"Throw up yoftr hands," commanded
the flrttmanas he rubbed the nose of
the pistol" against Ftschel'a breast- '*
"What for?" asked ithe victim.- ;^:
"We want your money," came th«
reply. •¦•;..<
"You 1 can't have it," Fischel said.
Ignatz Fischers indifferent attitude
toward the threats of two thugs to kill
him saved him from being murdered
in 'front of his home at 19 JJ University
avenue at an early hour this morning.
The victim was absolutely contemptu
ous in his treatment of the, highway
men, so much so that it frightened all
their nerve away and them, too.
Fischel was about to enter his gate
just after closing up his meat market
when he was confronted ty a masked
man who flourished a big revolver.
When Fischel looked around to get his
bearings, for he was not frightened
he bumped into another masked man
with a "big pistol. This fellow had
jumped over 'the fen j of Fischel'9
neighbor, behind' which he had been
concealed.' ¦• : ' : -• •¦ ¦'•
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, April 1".
Ignatz Fischel ? s Indiffer
ence to Death Men
Seeking to Get Hi* Money
"He might have shot m*. too, only
when I heard my wife cry out that she
was shot I lost my senses almost. It
made me so desperate that I went after
hira and shoved him through the door.
He tried to resist, but I was stronger
nn<l beat him. Thon I closed the door
in hi* f«ce and that was th*» last I saw
of him."
"I was so dumfounded when I saw
the man and his pistols that I could
not move. My wife was standing near
tht rear room and I think it was fright
that caused her to run. The man
thought she was going for a pistol, but
Fhe didn't Intend that at all. She simpiy
¦went out and Btood in the alleyway,
¦waiting for him to go away. I think
that when he saw her there he thought
*be was going to shoot.
The victims of the hold-up all agree
on the description of the man that held
them up. They say he is tall and slight
and wore a mask and slouch, hat.
"The ma^k covered almost all his
head." said Werren. "There was only
a place for the eyes to peep through.
I dont think I could recognize him.
Jlr did not £(>t any of our money. I
was Just about to close up at the time
he came in, because it was after 8
o'clock. I had taken the money,
amounting to $10 or bo, out of the
drawer and put it in my pocket. The
drawer only contained a few nickels.
BECOMES DESPERATE.
"There's been a shooting scrape up at
the saloon," replied the man. and then
he disappeared in the darkness."
"I think the man I saw running is
the fellow that did the shooting. ' said
Sullivan afterward. "I was returning
from Berkeley and met him only a few
minutes after the shooting."
The desperado is supposed by his vic
tims to have taken the road to Ber
keley, where he could easily have taken
a train to any outside point. This be
lief is held because shortly after the
phooting a man was seen running
down the road toward Berkeley by
Louis Sullivan of the Sullivan ranch In
Wild Cat Canyon.
"What are you running for?" asked
Sullivan when he came across the fel
low.
RUN'S FROM THE SCENE.
"Git the woman back here," shouteJ
the bandit when he observed this
movement. The two men did not
move, through fear. Backing up to the
front door the highwayman " looked
eideways through it and saw Mrs.
Werren standing within range of his
gun and fired at her.
Mrs. Werren's husband was a spec
tator of the whole proceeding and the
moment his wife crted out from the
ehot he became derperately anxious to
eave her from further injury. Rushing
after the bandit as he stood leaning
against the doorway Werren threw al!
his strength against him.
Werren had a brief struggle before
h#> could force the bandit out and lock
the door. Werren expected every mo
ment to be ehot at through the door,
but nothing of the kind happened.
Lewis, the other man, did not partici
pate in this melee.
Mrs. Werren did not fall from the
effects of her wound, but walked about
In front of the saloon, crying piteously.
In a few moments the two prisonerB
decided to hazard going outside, and
they did so without any more attempts
b*ing made to shoot them. Then Mrs.
Werren was carried into her home and
Dr. J. Edson Kelsey summoned from
.Berkeley to attend her.
Dr. Kelsey, after an examination,
Baid that the woman would live. The
bullet entered her right breast and pen
etrated a part of the lur.g, a wound not
r.ecessisarily fatal. The bullet was
not extracted.
Mrs. Werren, Christ Werren, her
husband, and Frank Lewis, a friend,
were drinking at the bar of the saloon
a Mttle after 8 o'clock this evening
tvhen the bandit suddenly made his ap
pearance. His two big pistols were
staring into the faces of the trio before
thpy hardly knew what had happened.
"Throw up your hands," the fellow
demanded. Up went the hands of the
three victims. They had all been stand
ing at the end of the bar farthest from
the street. Just preparing to drink the
glasses of beer Werren had drawn. The
bandit kept his weapons leveled at the
heads of his victims. Not another word
had been ££>oken, and the fellow had
Just taken a steo forward when Mrs.
Werren, either through fright or a des
j-erate desire to do something, quickly
disappeared through a little door that
leads from the rear of the saloon.
SHOOTS MRS. WARREN.
BERKELEY. April 17.— A desperate,
masked highwayman, backed by two
big pistols, hejd up Worren's saloon
on the road to Wild Cat Canyon
to-night and when his commands were
rot instantly obeyed he shot Mrs.
Licsel Werren, wife of the proprietor
of the saloon. The highwayman fled
«fter firing the shot, without getting
a cent of money, and the officers of the
law are now scouring the hills and
highways for him. Mrs. Werren is
dangerously wounded in the right
breast, but the doctor attending her
frays sh* will recover.
Mrs. Werren is a victim of either her
frierht or indiscretion. She might have
rseaped injury altogether had she not
ettempted to escape from the bandit;
he, believing that she was about to
ehcot him, turned one of his pistols
upon her and sent a bullet into her
body.
Carl P. Keely. aged 1 year 8 months.
died'at-6 o'clock this rriorning at. 360
B street, the home of his parents, Mr.
and Mrs. C. P. Keely, from drinking
a solution of concentrated : lye, last
night. . - •• •:¦¦¦¦¦<-' .. ¦ >:
The baby, toddling about in the
kitchen, got hold of tlie deadly fluid,
which had been left in a cup on the
kitchen table by Mrs. M. Baptista. the
baby's aunt. She had been using the
lye in water solution as 'a cleansing
preparation.
No one noticed that the little child
had drunk, the stuff until several min
utes afterward, when he' was stricken
with convulsive pains. ' Dr.' Legault
was called as quickly as. possible, but
nothing could save the little sufferer;
The Coroner took charge of the case
and will hold an inquest Monday even
ing at the Keely residence.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
• 1118 Broadway, April 17.
Gounod's oratorio, "The Redemption,"
was sung this evening at the First
Presbyterian Church.
The Rev. Dwight E. Potter, pastor
of Union street Presbyterian Church!
and the Rev. S. G. Gale* pastor of
Chester street Methodist church, ex
changed pultfitSj this evening.
A loan exhibit from China, India,
Japan and Samoa will be held Wednes
day evening at the Eighth avenue
Methodist church. Songs and other en
tertainment appropriate to the evening
will be'given. There will be a reception
to missionaries who have returned from
their foreign fields of labor.
The Rev. Thomas P. Boyd, a sing
ing evangelist, will conduct a five
weeks' • revival meeting at the First
Baptist Church, Twentieth street and
Telegraph avenue. The meetings began
to-day.
Services for the Sunday school were
held this evening at the Fourth Con
gregational Church, the Rev. Freder
ick H. Maar, pastor.
The Rev. Robert Whi^aker, pastor
of Twenty-third avenue Baptist Church
has commenced a series of Sunday
evening discourses on "We and Our
Neighbors— the Better Side of the
Churches." The sub-topics are: The Bet
ter side of GreekTand Roman Catholi
cism, of Lutheranism and Angli
cism, of Presbyterianism. of Congre
gationalism, of Methodism, of Unitar
ianism, of Christian Science and Other
Phases of Religious Idealism, of Un
denominationalism.
The Board of Trustees of the Young
Men's Christian Association, has organ
ized by electing the following officers:
Chairman, .George T. Hawley; first
vice chairman. E. . H. Vance; second
vice chairman, George D. Gray; secre
tary, \V. A. Kling. Important work in
connection with the $200,000 building
project is ahead for the new board of
trustees. The funds will be kept In
tact—no money from the building sub
scriptions being credited to expense.
Collections of subscriptions will be
pressed. The trustees are anxious to
make final payment on the site within
sixty days.
Work of the association will cease
temporarily on May L The old build
ing will be vacated an April 30. Asso
ciation offices will be opened in the Del
ger block. Fourteenth street and
Broadway.
Three hundred members of the An
cient Order of Hibernians attended the
7:30 o'clock mass this morning at the
Church of the Immaculate Conception
and received paschal communion. The
members marched in a body from Cal
ifornia Hall to the church.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call.
HIS Broadway, April 17.
THUGS ' PISTOLS
DO NOT SCARE
•Vfter Dangerously Injuring
Victim He Is Ejected and
Makes Escape in Darkness
Rev. Robert Whitaker Be
gins a Series of Sermons
on the Beliefs in Religion
Infant That Is Less 'Than
, Two Years Old Is Victim
of Unfortunate Accident
FAILS TO SECURE 3I0NEY
DOCTOR WORKS VAINLY
Gets Cup of the Solution Off
the Kitchen , Table and
- Takes a? Fatal Draught
Kaids Saloon on the Wild
Cat Canyon Road and
Wounds Proprietors Wife
HIBERNIANS AT MASS
Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation Trustees Beady to
Press Building Project
BABY DRINKS
LYE AND DIES
MASKED ROBBER
SHOOTS WOMAN
BOARD ELECTS
ITS OFFICERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; MONDAY, A?RIL : 18, 1904
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
Merrymakers Pronounce New Playhouse Beautiful, and Behold in Its
Ample Space Largest Place of "Amusement in Alameda County,
Excepting Oniy Buildings of Similar Character in Oakland
S WEE N E Y OPE RA H 0 USE I S OPENED
FOR A VIEW BY LIVERMORE PUBLIC
;>' Strong^ support '; is ¦-, being- ! E* ven ' to " a
movement to - : close'; all } the i Saloons in
Ireland on St." Patrick's day._
4
• ~ ADVEBTISEMiairrS. ~ -
¦ •.;¦¦¦,* i - - - ¦> ¦*
Headache
Nervousness, Dizziness. Indigestion. Neu-
ralgia are caused by sick nerves.
By-soothing the nerves and stimulat-
ing their action. Dr. Allies' Anti-Pain
Pills- relieve. almost immediately., .
...Unlike any other pain, remedy, : they
"contain nothing injurious." and- you will
never know yon have taken them, except
by the relief they afford. .
vDr. Miles'^
Anti-Pairi Pills
Have become a - y household < remedy 111
thousands of families, where they never
fall to cure all pain, and relieve those
little miserable ailments, which are so
commort.'- : jf^Mfenf (Hjg v -; . " •*"¦¦'.
I "Dr. Miles' Anti-Pain Pills have not
'only relieved me of severe headache,
nervousness and Indigestion, • but my
: motjiert ' who -has suffered < a ' gTeat deal
.with neuralgia and dizziness, bas been
; cured by their use." — MRS. G» K.
•DANKS. 332 W. 3rd St, Mooreatown.
>N.(J.-:.-
; Money back if first bottle fails to ben-
efit.
25 doses, 25 cents.' Never sold In bullc.
BRANCH OFFICES
* OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKXiA?»D« ¦
1 118 Broadway. _
'^V /Telephone Main 1083.
• • berkeley.
2148 Center Street. .
Telephone North "•-
ALA3IEDA:
•>1435 Park Street. .
Telephone Alameda 4598.A perfectly/ pure, sterile, ' stable, easily
absorbablc and assimilable food. . These
are a combination of requlrements'whlch
are found in Borden's Eagle Brand Con
densed Milk. .These • properties . are so
perfectly represented in no other form of
artificial infant feeding. . ¦ - • >
The Infant ' Needs
'-J: William Kirkpatrlck, . a wealthy resi
dent t of t Butte, Mont.,\ and a relative ; of
Colonel * John ,C.f Kirkpatrick,; manager
of '¦. the [ Sharon Estate Company/ arrived
at the Palace yesterday. _ :•';.*¦''-¦
Dr. R. F.Rooney of Aubur.n is at the
Palace:. . '. ¦-}.;' . - / /-• ¦ : O." \ ..•¦- '¦-'';
Dr. Louis A. • Frary of Sacramento
is at 'the: Grand. ,- . - . -;
Dr^G.' A.' Dungan of Eureka is stay
ing at the, Lick. ;^' '
' H. H. Hatton, an -attorney of Mor
desto,;is:at the. Lick. ¦/, : . .,
Miles ~ F." Burrows, : a traveler ' from
London/ is atlthe.St.' Francis. •
Scott. 'Holmes.' city prosecuting .at
torney . of, Cincinnati, ; is at the ¦ Palace.
J. K., Turner, president of the* Man
ufacturers' ' Information . Bureau V of
Cleveland, Ohio/Is at the Palace, hav
ing .arrived yesterday 'from. Southern
PERSONAL.
He was Indeed the ideal of . Christ's good
shepherd .and '. though he ¦ has been, dead hun
dreds" of 'years. -still every good Catholic nhouid
try to Imitate his virtues and strive to ac
complish a little in the. way of 'spreading. the
truth and ministering to the wants of the poor
and' netdr. -" f_ -- "-¦' ".' ' ' '
To-day, beloved brethren. . we celebrate the
feaet'of the immortal St. : Vincent de Paul, the
Ideal good . shepherd and one Of .the * most re
markable men of his time.' Hh name is rever
enced by millions throughout the 'world and on
this day his feast Is observed In ¦ every Cath
olic church on the face of the globe. --And why
not? It. was he. thenon of a humble farmer,
born In the south of France* early "in the six
teenth century, that organized the Sisters of
Charity, established schools, hospitals and mia-
Flons in every- part of Europe* and commanded
reFpect and admiration not only from the mi 1
lic ns of his'-own people but . from the. crowned
heads of Europe.- . . , ¦
Rev. Father F..V... Nugent, C. M.,
one of the four missionaries now con
ducting a mission . at St. gji Patrick's
Church,' delivered the sermon at the
11 o'clock mass yesterday" morning.
Father Nugent took for his text "I
am the .good . shepherd. The good
shepherd knoweth his ' sheep." He
spoke eloquently and at length: In
part, he said:. ¦ . •
FATHER XUGEN'T PREACHES.
„¦ There are some features of the sundry
civil bill which will cause discussion,
and it is believed that it will hold at
tention during Monday and Tuesday.
The pension, bill usually goes through
without debate," but it is probable there
will be quite a little discussion on the
pending bill.
If opportunity Is offered Senator
Hansbrough will endeavor to obtain
consideration of the Indian agreement
bills. Senator Fairbanks also stands
readv to seize the first chance that
offers to press his bill for a new ex
ecutive building in Washington.
Statehood and ship subsidy will be
the features of the House proceedings
this week, with conference reports and
minor bills to fill in the gaps.
The Committee on Rules on Monday
morning will decide on a programme
for the statehood bill. The rule In this
matter, which will be brought in • for
adoption Monday, will call for consid
eration of the bill Tuesday with debate
limited probably to four hours. It Is
now the intention to. dispose of this
bill entirely % on Tuesday. The rule
making a special order for the Gardiner
bill providing for a joint, commission
of members of the House and Senate
to investigate the whole question of
ship subsidy during, the. recess of Con
gress v.-ill be brought forward by
Grosvenor on Wednesday. Debate on
this- measure will consume probably
six hours. The Alaska delegate bill
will remain the "continuing order" and
receive consideration whenever there is
nothing else before "the House. The
present plan / of the leaders contem
plates final adjournment April 28.
•WASHINGTON. April 17.— There will
be an effort to keep appropriation bills
to the front all the time during the
present week in the Senate, and to this
end- the sundry civil bill will be taken
up on the convening Monday. When it
is disposed of the pension appropriation
bill will be presented, and it is hoped
that that bill will In turn be imme
diately followed by the general de
ficiency bill. The Senate leaders are
apprehensive of the effect of the con
sideration of various bills on the cal
endar and are exercising their in
genuitv to keep them In the back
ground.
"Of the sixty cases of suspensions of
the rules during his administration
only thirty-three are of persons who
were allowed- to enter the service with
out examination. In other words, out
of over 70,000 appointments to the
competitive service since Hoosevelt
"The fact is exactly the other way.
There have been fewer appointments
without competetive examinations un
der President Roosevelt than under
any other President, and there has been
no' administration since the passage of
the civil t>*r\'ice act in which the com
petitive system has advanced with
greater rapidity and certainty. It has
been necessary for every President to
permit certain positions to be filled
without examination. The number
has been reduced from time to time
and the range of the competitive sys
tem extended. This process has gone
on faster under President Roosevelt
than under any other President.
WASHINGTON, Ap,ril 17. — Chair
man Gillett of the House "Committee
on Civil Service Reform recently wrote
to W. D. Foulke, former Civil Service
Commissioner, calling his attention to
the recent Congressional and other
criticisms of President Roosevelt on
the ground that he had made a larger
number of irregular appointments to
the classified service than any of his
predecessors, and, in view of the fact
that the period covered was while
Foulke was Commissioner, asking his
opinion of the chrages. In Foulke's
letter, under date of April 15, he
wrote:
Senators Propose to Devote
the Sessions of a Week
to the Sundry Civil Bill
Former Civil Service Com
missioner Foulke Eeplies
to a Letter From Gillett
APPROPRIATIONS
NOW THE ISSUE
GIVES PRAISE
TO ROOSEVELT
"During the last year 4C88 more ap
pointments were made through com
petitive examination than In the prev
ious year and 3007 more appointments
were made in that year than in the
year before. Under President Roose
velt about 40,000 positions have been
added to the classified service.
"Heretofore extensions of the classi
fied ; service have usually taken place
near the close of an administration
and the exceptions made soon after the
new administration commenced. But
President Roosevelt at the . very ; be
ginning of his administration began to
extend the number of competitive posi
tions and to strengthen the, rules. He
also dealt out summary justice to'of
fenders.* several of whom held positions
in his own party." BBa SB9BB
"Moreover, prior to April 15, 1903.
there was a provision allowing
.artDointments without 'examination
where the position to be I filled
required such peculiar qualifications
ih respect to knowledge' and ability, or
puch scientific or special attainments,
wholly or in part professional or tech
nical, as -are not ordinarily acquired In
the executive service of the United
States. Under this provision President
McKinley made 21 appointments and
President Roosevelt only five. Instead
of making appointments of thin kind
under a peneral rule President Roose
velt preferred to deal with each cas<?
separately by a suspension of the rules.
became President,' it was deemed un
necessary in these cases to require
competitive examination. These cases
form less than 1-20 of 1 per cent of
one of the appointments. They com
prise, for instance, a steward in the
White House, a coachman in the Navy
Department, two special agents in the
Bureau of Corporations, the superin
tendent of the Government Hospital
for the Insane and other cases, where,
on account of special reasons, the ap
plication was considered imprac
ticable, unwise and unjust or unneces
sary. These cases are explained in de
tail in the annual reports of the Civil
Service Commission. They were usual
ly made on the recommendation of a
Cabinet officer and with the approval
of the commission. In all of these
cases the person was excepted and not
the position. This has been found by
experience to be a much better plan.
The statement of Representative Hay
that durinp the administration of
Presidents Cleveland and Harrison
there were no suspensions of the rules
and only three during the administra
tion of McKinley. while in Roosevelt's
administration there have been sixty,
leads to a most erroneous* inference.
"Vnder orevious administrations ex
ceptions were not usually made by
means of suspensions of the rules, but
by means of changes in the rujes, thus
excepting certain classes of positions'
from competitive examination. From
time to time Presidents Cleveland,
Harrison and McKinley excepted from
competition hundred? of , positions
which had been competitive. On one
occasion alone (May 29, 1899) 8047 such
places were excepted. But these ex
ceptions were not in the main In the
form of "suspensions of the rules"
which were the only matters called for
by the House resolution, f President
Roosevelt, however, made them In tho
form of such suspensions for the ex
press purpose of limiting their num
ber.
Part I— Overture, I'rofoFsor If." Rltzau's or
chrptra; entree. 200: pupils; grand march and
calisthenics, "i hist and second girl' class; pole
climbing,- first boys' class; vaulting; on the
horse, active members; • school tactics and
dumbtwll drill, second boys' : class. .
Part II — Eonir. male chorus M. T. V. ! danc
ing roundel. . second girls'. Class; wand exer
cises and hiph Jumping, senior clans, (first ap
pearance);, exercises on > three parallel bars,
second boys' class; plastic metamorphoses,
active Turners.' ' " • ¦
After : the completion of , the pro
gramme ; the ¦ floor was . cleared and
dancing was in order until late In .the
night.. Following is the programme:
¦ ¦ The exercises were under. the direc
tion of Instructor Robert H.:Barth.
The committee in charge comprised C.
P. Sperling, William Gerken, A.Menna
and Albert Fischer. ¦.""....;
An interesting gymnastic exhibition
was given last, evening by the physical
culture class of .i the Mission Turn
Verein in the hall on Eighteenth
street, between Valencia and Guer
rero. Several music." 1 and vocal selec
tions served to "complete a programme
filled witM interesting numbers.
The hall was crowded by the friends
of the organization and each number
was applauded. One of the novel fea
tures of the evening's entertainment
was the Initial appearance of. the
senior class in wand exercises and high
Jumping. In. view of the fact. that no
member of the class Js less. than forty
years of "age 1 and ' many are far be
yond that mark, their act did not pass
without encouragement from the audi
ence. " . • - ¦ - : ¦ •
Larjre Audlcncc v • Gathers to Witness
Interesting Exercises by Mls
. .slon Classes. ¦
TURNERS GIVE EXHIBITION
THAT SHOWS ¦ MUCH SKILL
Home Parties.
On Friday evening, April 8, Mr. and
Mrs.^ James Arnott tendered their eld
est" daughter, Isabel, a party in honor
of her ; birthday. The first part of the
evening. was spent in dancing and play
ing games, after which, the guests had
the \ pleasure of i hearing a whistling
solo by Curtis Gilley. , At midnight the
young people enjoyed a repast and then
continued the festivities until the small
hours of the .morning. Among those
present were : I
The theater hos. been prettily deco
rated for the occasion, and masses of
flowers will hide those portions of the
walls that have <not yet-" been: com
pleted by the workmen.
The opening of the new .Majestic
Theater to-night by Miss. Isabel; Irv
ing in "The Crisis" will be signalized
by fitting ceremonies, in which Miss
Irving and Mayor Schrhitz will 'be the
leading participants. The Mayor will
dedicate the new playhouse to the city
and the renowned actress •will formally
christen it the Majestic." ¦"
These ceremonies ii will precede the
presentation of the play, and will be in
teresting, though simple and unosten
tatious. The Mayor will make an ad
dress, after which he will escort Miss
Irving to the center of the stage. She
will then break a bottle .of California
champagne over a bed of California
flowers.
iWay.or Schmi z to: Dedicate
NewPiaj hou e to - Gity .
This Evening. ;
ISABEL. IRVING. THE DISTIN
GUISHED ACTRESS. WHO. WILL
CHRISTEN THE MAJESTIC.
Mrs. M. B. Lichtenstein of Salt Lake
is visiting relatives at 1740 Bush street.
William Greer Harrison left Friday
evening for Los Angeles to meet his
wife and daughter.
Mr. and Mrs. B. Jacobs of 1615 Post
street announce the barmitzvah of,
their son Abe at the Geary-street Tem
ple on Saturday, April 23, at 10 a. m.
Mrs. Emanuel Levy.' formerly of 1794
Ellis street, has moved to 1012 Masonic
avenue, where she will be pleased to
see her friends.
Mr. and Mra. M. Green (nee Galllck)
have returned from their southern trip
and . will be pleased to receive their
friends on Sunday, April 21, from 2 to
5 p. m., at their residence, 563 Baker
street, corner of Fulton.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Galllck have moved
to their new residence, 563 Baker street,
corner of Fulton, where they will be
pleased to receive their friends.
Mrs. J. Lando and daughter of Hono
lulu are stopping with Mrs. Lando's
mother at 1320 Leavenworth street.
They will be pleased to see their friends
the second Thursday of every month.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Gutfeld announce the
confirmation of their son Carl on May
7 at the Geary-street Temple. They
will hold a reception at their residence.
1812B Mason street, on Sunday, May 8,
from 2 to 5 p. m. - '
• • •
Mrs. Layo Newman and her mother
have moved into their new residence
and will be pleased to see their many
friends.
John Schloen and . family of 2439
Buchanan street left April 14 for & six
months' tour of Europe.
Miss E. R. Dunlevy left on lant Tues
day i morning's limited for Chicago,
where she will remain some time vis
iting friends. Before returning she will
attend the St. Louis Exposition.
Personals.
: » • • -
A very pretty wedding was solemn-
.A very pretty home wedding was cel
ebrated at the residence of Daniel Mc-
Leod, 129 Russ street, Thursday even
ing, , March 31, v.hen his daughter
Belle became the wife of Robert H.
Jones, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Jones.
The .ceremony was performed at 8:30
o'clock by the Rev. E. L. Walz of the
Fourth Congregational Church, in the
presence of some seventy-five relatives
and friends. The bride was attended
by. Misses Graoe arid Ella McLeod;
Arthur Jones accompanied the groom.
After congratulating the happy couple
the guests assembled in the lower part
of the house, which was transformed
into a banquet hall, . and joined the
newly wedded pair at a repast. Those
present included:
Mr. and Mrs. J. R. Jones, Daniel McLeod,
Mrs. Jennie Brown, Mr. and Mrs. T. W. Spar
row, Mr. and Mrs. Benjamin F. McLeod, Miss
Alice McLeod. Mr. nnd Mrs. A. Worrall. Miss
Isnbel Worraill, Miss Hazel Worrall, Mr. and
Mm. E. Ames, .Miss Phyllis Ames, MrV and
Mrs. James McGowan. Mr. and Mrs. P. Da
vies. Mm. D.Davies.'Mlss Minnie Dovies, Miss
Margaret Davles, MIfs Sophie Davies. Miss
Annie Davies, Miss Ethel'Davles, Mlsa "Gladys
Davies, Mr. and Mrs. C. T. Jacobson, . Martin
Kelly. MIssrM. E. Doherty. Miss Margaret Do
herty. Miss Pearl Jcnes. P. J. Cramer, Mr.
and Mrs. P. Johnson. Miss Olire Johnson, E.
Rothblum, George McLeod. Miss Grace Mc-
Leod, Miss Ella McLeod, Mr. and Mrs. Theo
dore Stevens, Daniel . Stevens. Miss Edna Ste
ven*. Theodore Stevens Jr., Mr. and Mrs. Sam
uel McLeod. Mr. and Mrs. T. H. Morton Mr.
and Mrs. W. Crim Jr., Mrs. S. Castlllar'. Ar
thur Jones, 'A. Worrall Jr., Darrell McLeod,
Percy - Sparrow, Richard Sparrow, Rev. E. L.
Wai*. William McLeod, Mrs. H. Mclntyre,
D. H. Heitmnnn, M. Heltmann, William Bajitz,
Fred Decker, B. Meyer, Fred Whit worth. Dr.
S. B. Force, Mr. and Mrs. R. B. Jones, Bos
well' Jones, Mrs. J. Goger, .Tames Fitzgerald,
P. Simons, "Mr. and Mrs. Robert H. Jones,
John Mclntyre.
On Thursdav 'evening last, at the
home of -the bride on Masonic avenue,
Edward ¦ ¦ William Gunther and -Miss
Etta Clayburgh, daughter of the late
Albe.it Clayburgh, -were married by the
Rev. Jacob Voorsanger in the presence
of; relatives and near friends. The
drawing-rooms of .the residence were
very handsomely decorated, the cere
mony; bejng performed under .a, large
lowers' knot of roses. The bride, a
handsome brunette, wan charming in
her white wedding robe of- - silk,
trimmed with point lace. She carried
a' large shower bouquet of lilies of the
valley. After the ceremony sixty guests
partook of an elaborate supper. Mr.'
and Mrs.' Gunther have departed for a
short honeymoon trip. On their return
they will reskle at their new home.
1285 Waller street.
Wedilin.53.
Louis Pockwitz announces the mar
riage of his daughter Frieda . to Otto
vomHofe on Saturday, April 9.
Mr. and Mrs. P. F. Fergurson of Los
Angeles announce the ' marriage of
their daughter Anita to Louis J.
Springe.r.on. April 6L . , .
Mr. and Mrs. Savage. Mr. and Mrs. George
Toy, Mr. and Mrs. Harvey Toy, Miss Mabel
Toy, Dr. and Mra. A. McMonlglc. Dr. and
Mm. Lengfelt, Miss Mabel Larsen. Mr. Smith,
Julius Kahn, : Dr.' and Mrs. Kerr, Dr. and
Mrs. Hazelhurst.' Mr. and -Mrs. Allison. Mrs.
Logan. Miss Rosa Lcgan. Dr. and Mrs. Wads
worth. Mr. and I Mrs. Hendy. Mlsa Hendy. Dr.
and Mrs. Leavitt, "Mr. and Mrs. McNaughton,
Clarence Bradford, Mr. and Mrs. Mai green.
Mr. anil Mrs. George Hooper Mr. Artlgnes,
Dr. Furst. Dr. and Mrs. Leavitt, Mrs. Robin
son, Mr. Titt, B. Allen and Mrs. Allen.
The wedding; of Miss Edith Wads
worth and Clifford Logan took place
Thursday evening, April ' 14. at the
home of the bride's .father. Dr. Charles
C. -Wadsworth, 1104 Van Ness avenue.
The house was .elaborately decorated
with pepper, branches,', ferns, huckle
berry-and" lilacs. Rows* of - Japanese
lanterns . gave the hall a beautiful,
warm glow. A network canopy of
Bankshire' roses made the bride's room
exceedingly pretty. The strains of
the orchestra heralded the 'coming of
the. bride.; The bridesmaids. Miss Ma
bel Larsen ¦ and Miss Rosa Logan, sis
ter of the groom, were gowned alike in
white gauze, and ~ looked * exceedingly
sweet and -girlish. They carried
shower bouquets of white marguerites
and maidenhair -fern. The. matron of
honor, Mrs. Wilson of Los Ansreles.
was gowned in corn color net over chif
fon, and carried a shower bouquet ¦-» of
maidenhair fern. ¦ Following 'came the
bride on the arm of her father. Dr.
Wadsworth. ¦ She was gowned in white
silk with. Irish point lace. They took
their/places under the wedding bells,
where the groom, and his. best man.
T. A. Stoddard, awaited them. An elab
orate supper followed. The coloring of
the. bride's table was in - green and
white. The place pards were in the
shape of wedding bells, tinted in.erreen.
with, the initials "W. S." on one side
and\the guest's, name on the other.
Miss Wadsworth received many ele
gant gifts. Among those present were:
Mr.' and -Mra. H. L. Bradley, Ml is
Bradley ' Mrs. Burman. Mra. and Miss
Fraser, ' W.': :' Goetze, Miss Goetze, R. H.
Hamshar. E. Hamshar, Mr. and Mrs. T. F.
Hearn. J. H< Horwood, Mrs. Horwood. Miss
Ilorwood, Mr. and Mrs. R. Hodgson, Dr. L.
M. Lalb, Mies Lalb, Mr. and Mrs. G. E. Mitch
ell. Mr. and Mrs. W. Nodder. W. Nodder Jr.,
Mr. and Mrs. G. Russell, Miss J. Russell.
izedat the' Church of the Advent on
April 5, the contracting parties being
Albert Tobthill of the Union Photo-En
graving'Company, and Miss Nellie
Hamshar. VThe bride, who was attend
ed "¦•' by r Mis8. ; Janie Russell, looked
charming. After • the wedding cere
mony a reception was held at the resi
dence of the bride, 76 Sycamore ave
nue,; and ,;at-10.p. m. a. supper was
served. * Those present were:
The Orthodox Ladles' Endeavor So
ciety will hold a tea in behalf of the
Russian Red Cross, to commence to
morrow afternoon, April 19, and end
Saturday afternoon. April 23. A pro
gramme of unusual excellence is to be
provided for, both afternoon and even-
At the conclusion of the programme
refreshments were served by the girla
of the cooking classes under the super
vision of Mrs. Rose de Yoe, the cook
ing instructor.
Clubwomen, it woudn't be amiss if
some of "them tea-makers" in our clubs
would take a lesson or two in tea-brew
ing from these little girls. Now don't
get cross, ladies. You know we serve
some pretty bad tea.
As Mr. Langdon, Superintendent of
Schools, was out of the city, Mr. Mc-
Curda made an address on his behalf.
"Now the Day Is Over." double trio, fourth
grade pupils; "Lead, Kindly Light." seventh
and eighth grades; remarks, Mrs. J. W. Orr.
chairman department of education, California
Club: remarks. Miss Catherine M. Ball, super
intendent of drawing: "Star Spangled Banner."
seventh and eighth grades; remarks, Mr. Me-
Curda of the Board of Education.
Herewith is the programme presented
on Friday afternoon, preceding the re
ception:
Singing by the pupils, directed by Miss Ber
tha E. Roberts: «ong. "New Hall Columbia."
seventh and eighth grades; (a) "Still As the
Night" «Bohm). (b) "Spring Song" (Gounod),
Madame Emilie Tojettl. accompanied by Mrs.
Grace Lorlng Williams; declamation. "The
Public Schcol Movement — the Hope, the Glory
of the World." Ltlllan Thoemmel; song. "Ken
tucky Home," seventh and eighth grades; re
tnnrkF. Mm. George Law Smith, president Cali
fornia Club; "•Lullaby," sex-enth and eighth
grades; remarks, Alfred Roncovlerl. president
Hoard of Education: (a) "Annie Laurie," (b)
Here burlap was stretched over the
unsightly blackboards, pretty curtains
hung at the windows, pictures — repro
ductions of the world's greatest masters
—and plaques of- artistic merit hung
upon the walls. These were tinted at
the expense of the Board of Education
— so, too. the painting and graining of
the woodwork, thus completing a phase
cf work that has been successfully car
ried out in Los Angeles. Pasadena,
Riverside^ San -Jose, Vallejo, Eureka,
Alameda and in Oakland.
The enthusiastic chairman, Mrs. Orr,
suggests that now, since the possibili
ties cf schoolroom decoration
shown, that public-spirited men and
women help in the work that will inev
itably educate children — especially
those whose homes are devoid of it —
in the appreciation of art and artistic
surroundings. As a promoter of moral
ity and general rectitude, an attractive
environment has much to do.
Friday marked the beginning of a
notable work in San Francisco when
the Department of Education of the
California Club, Mrs. J. W. Orr, chair
man, presented to public view the as
sembly hall in Franklin Grammar
School, that the department, assisted
by Principal Faulkner and co-operated
with by the Board of Education, has
decorated and made a repository of ar
tistic suggestion.
Delegates and alternates to the St. Louis
biennial convention of the General Federation
of Women's Clubs: Delegates at large — Mrs.
George Law £mlth, San Francisco; Mrs. J. K.
Co«les, Los Angeles; Mrs. L. F. Darling,
Riverside. District delegate*— Mrs. F. M. Wil
son. Alsmeda; Mrs. A. E. Osbom, San Fran
cisco; Mrs. Charles X. Flint, Los Angelec;
Mrs. N. E. Hewett, Riverside; Mrs. H. A. Ed
lnger, Sacramento: Mrs. Ann M. Johnson. Al
ternates at large — Mrs. J. W. Orr. San Fran
cisco: Dr. L. H. Clarke, Rlvereide; Mrs. E. D.
Dennison. San Francisco; Mrs. J. W. Wash
burn, Los Angeles; Mrs. John Bakewell, Oak
land; Mrs. Emma Fox, Lemoore; Mrs. B. W.
liahn, Pasadena; Mrs. Charles II. Low, Klv
crside. * -
Advancing Season Is
Still Fraught With
-Pleasure.
Woman' Is Given Full
.Credit for the
Agitation.
Are Preparing for El
Camino Real Con
vention.
Ehtre Nous Gives a
Tarewell Dance at
c v Palace.
«irand and Twenty-fourth streets, Stockton;
San Diego district, Mrs. Victor Montgomery,
210 East Walnut «rpot. Santa Clara: AUmeda
district. Mrs. Frank M. Wilson, 2400 Ridge
way, Berkeley: northern district, Mrs. W. H.
Lawson, Woodland.
State secretary at larg* — Mr*. L. F. Dar
ling, general ••^deration, 222 Kast Arlington
nvenue. Riverside.
trict. Mrs. A. K. Osborn. 1519 Franklin etreet.
-r-.r.-a Clara; Los Angelas district. Mrs. Frank
E. Prior. 223 N. Slckel street. Lost Angeles:
Joaquin Valley. Mrs. E. I). Buss, corner
ciub extension, Mrs. H. P. Hi'l. Kldridge. So
noma County: libraries and portfolios. Miss
£usanne Patch. 1521 Clay etrect. San Fran
ctsco; education, Mrs. Kathertne B. Miller,
Woodland, Yolo County; reciprocity bureau.
Mis* M. R. Babson 222 Eleventh street, Oak
land.
Vic* presidents at large — San Francisco dis-
Vice rresider.te at large — Mrs. A. E. Os
born. 15ia Fronk'.ln street. Santa Clara; Mrs.
Frank E. Prior. North tfickel street. Los
Angele*.
<.'hatrm*n of committee* — Civics. Mrs. Eu-
E*n«? E. Pettigrtw. 14>5a Union avenue. Los
Angeles: fores-try. Mrs. J. J. Scox-llle. 2223 Pa
cinc avenue, San Francisco; California history
and landmarks. Mrs. A. K. C. Forbes. «35 West
Thirty-first btrett. Los Angeles-; household eco.
nomics. Mrs. Robert Watt. 1204 Madison street;
etreet,- fcacrament'
I rytr.t. 1503 M&e
Mrt. K. B. Wren.
¦ ; auditors — Mrs. Oliver C
nolia avenue, Lof Angeles
Zt*:> D street, Dakersneld.
• • •
Many congratulations appear in re
pard to the personnel of the officers of
the State Federation for 1904-5. For
jreneral information the list is herewith
appended:
President, Mr*. George Law Smith. 2226
Jackson street. San Francisco; vie* president,
Mrs. J. E. Cowles, 1101 West Adam street.
Los A :.k< >*¦; corr«^ ponding secretary, Mrs. Ar
thur W. Cornwall, Hotrl St. Nicholas. San
Francisco; recording secretary, Mrs. Charles
N. MacLouth. 54S South Ninth street. San Jose;
treasurer. M*. Charles M. Beckwith. 1317 H
Ladies, what think you of the con
vention — the first non-religious conven
tion on record wherein men and women
will meet upon equal ground — each
armed with credentials as delegates,
and — we fondly hope, with our parlia
mentary law with us? Wouldn't it be
tad if we didn't have as much to say
as the men do? However, perhaps our
<*ora Urquhart Lee reminiscences will
hflp us In our hour of peril.
Whatever happens, however, let us
fondly hope that our love of State will
promote the work in hand, and that
•sectionalism," the sin of the south,
may be forgiven in the Joining of fra
ternal ties and the uniting of common
interests. What is of benefit to the
south is likewise a benefit to the north
—and so. too. is the contrary true.
Therefore, let the work be State work,
without regard to petty provincialism.
and ten years hence California will
acknowledge with gratitude the work
begun by a woman, . agitated by the
clubs of women, and perfected by the
united action of the men and women.
And, while it is true that the women's
clubs are vitally interested in the good
roads movement, and that the Camino
Heal agitation was begun by a woman.
Miss Anna B. Pitcher, the matter can
hardly be claimed to belong, to the
wom»n of the State, as the men-who
do-things have taken up the matter,
and here is where success takes root.
Boards of trade, chambers of. com
merce, and other dignified and decorous
bodies of mighty-minded men have
harkened unto the gospel of "Good
Hoads," and thereby is the convention
that meets to-morrow in Santa Barbara
a possibility. Without the men, now,
fellow clubwomen, what would we do?
— that Is. after we've got our propo
sitions .started and growing. Then is
v, hen we need the men, with their wis
dom and— their dollars.
Mrs. George Law Smith, president of
the State Federation, has taken much
pride in the work of the California his
tory and landmarks committee, whose
chairman, Mrs. A. S. C. Forbes of Los
Angeles, is a foremost exponent of the
Camino Real movement, and is one of
the delegates to the convention at
Santa Barbara.
BY I«A.CRA BRIDE POWERS.
"What will you club women do next?
You go in for civic improvements— and
go at it In earnest— you go in for the re
adjustment of social conditions, for the
propagation of education, and the dif
fusion of moral knowledge, and now
you're clamoring for good roads and
for the restoration of the old King's
Highway*-what next?" So salth my
marveling editor, as I meekly asked
for that sacred thing in journalism —
space. *
Mr. and Mrs. S. Fischer announce the
engagement of their daughter Celia to
I. E. Bories. They will receive at 1231
Webster street on May 8.
The many friends of Miss Lillian Ak
mann. and M. E. Miller will^be pleased
to learn of their engagement. . As yet
no date has been set for the wedding,
but it' is rumored that it will take place
in the early' fall.
Mrs. Sara - N. Morris announces the
engagement • of her daughter .Vlolette
to Marc :Llchtenstein of v Salt Lake.
They will receive at 1533 Octavia street,
Sunday, April 24, from 2 to* 5." ,
The engagement ¦¦ is announced of
Mies Alice Christe3on, daughter of A.
Christeson, manager of Wells, Fargo &
Co/s Express, to Joseph E. Crawford
of Roanoke, Virginia. The wedding will
take ; place in Chicago on Wednesday,
May 25. : It'is to be a very; quiet affair,
no invitations having been issued. Mrs.
and Miss Ohristeson will»,leave for Chi
cago about ¦ the 10th cf May and Mr.
Christesori'will ¦ follow later to be pres
entat.the wedding. ,
Engagements.
-The merry jingle of the wedding bell
resounds, in. our o'er willing ears with
as - much ..diligence as j though the sea
son, were< just .beginning. Aside from
the- festivities wrought in the name of
Hymen,' club, affairs hold the board.
The' Entre; Nous gave a farewell dance
atrthe. Palace — a farewell .to a highly
suceessf ulv.season. Card parties also
hold their; devotees hard and fast.
If there's a merrier coterie of women
in sueh clubs that go in for fun or its
milder prototype, relaxation, than the
Cap and Bells, here's to it! I have'nt
met it.
The Cap and Bells, Mrs. A. P. Buck
ingham president, made merry on
Thursday, when Mrs. A. C. Freeman
and her daughter. Miss Mabel Free
man, entertained the club at their home
on Washington street. -
Clever stories? A pity that Uncle
George Bromley wasn't an auditor.
How he would have enjoyed the tales —
new ones, truly.
Miss Elinor Croudace gave the
thoughtful touch to the programme in
her exceedingly clever paper on
Shakespeare — His humor.
Mrs. S. P. Blumenburg rendered two
piano solos In her well known exquisite
style and Mrs. E. P. Heald and Miss
Edna Montgomery contributed vocal
solos.
The Papyrus Club held its regular
club day on April 14, at which there
was a large gathering of club members.
After the business meeting and the
nomination of officers and directors for
the coming year the club enjoyed its
usual club day's Impromptu pro
gramme. It was German humor day,
and Mrs. Henry Bergstein gave some
exceedingly funny exhibitions of Ger
man humor. Mrs. -W. W. Briggs sang
in an exquisite manner some German
songs and the members told German
stories. A toast written to Mrs. C.
Mason Kinne, the president, on the for
tieth anniversary of her wedding by
Mrs. Cooper was reread for the pleas
ure of the club by Mrs. G. W. Backus,
who had read it at the anniversary din
ner given by Colonel and Mrs. Kinne
at the Occidental Hotel last Monday
night. The entertainment closed with
the rendition of the "Two Lunatics,"
which was given under the direction
of Mme. Morrow Long. The characters
in the sketch were: Miss Clara Man
ners, Mrs. S. W. Backus, and Captain
George Fielding, by Mrs. Louise Bat
tles Cooper, who wore the full dress
uniform of a captain of the United
States army. The sketch was greeted
with exuberant laughter, the love-mak
ing scene between the two being the
essence of humor. The skit went with
a dash, that covered the actors and
their director with added glory. The
open or guest day will be held on April
22, when Miss McCloskey will present
a potpourri of song and story.
Resolutions of regret from the Wom
an's Auxiliary of the British and Amer
ican Union on the death of their late
president, Mrs. Mary R. Hewitt, were
formally adopted at a recent meeting
and a copy tendered the family by the
society. Mrs. Hewitt was essentially
a clever leader, and the society has
sustained a distinct loss in her death.
The Forunjr Club's programme for last
Wednesday was as follows: V ¦.'.-¦
I — Vocal solo. "The Shadow Song" (from
••Dlnorah") (Meyerbeer), Mrs. Cora Hall;
II— "Early Days of California," Miss Ellia D.
Keith; III— Vocal rolo. "Hush. Thee, My Lit
tle Ones" (Bevlgnan). Mra, Cora Hall. ;.
The election of the Forum Club will
occur the fourth Wednesday of April.
The Contemporary Club, . a clever
member of clubdom, 'gave a pleasing
programme, last week, th« numbers be
ing rendered in capital style by. Miss
Porter, Mr. Genthier, Miss Feather
stone, Miss Juliet Greninger, Miss Flor
ence Cloke, Miss Florence Darby and
Miss Ethel Marrac.
To-day the Daughters of California
Pioneers will hold an interesting .ses
sion, as always, with the newly elected
president, Mrs. Sidney S. Palmer, in the
chair. The Daughters are taking a step
forward by going into California his
tory In a systematic manner. This is
especially fit for roe descendants of the
men who made a goodly part of it.
ings, and the ladies assisting at the
tea will don the picturesque garb of the
different Slavic, Greek and Syrian
countries. The tea will be held at 1715
Powell street. .
Miss Hattie Cahn and Ben Brown
will receive their friends at 1204 Geary
street Sunday, April 24, and Wednes
day, April 27.
P. F. Kane was given a delightful
surprise party last Thursday evening
in honor of his departure for the St.
Louis Exposition. As a token of re
membrance he was presented with a
beautiful watch fob by his many
friends. Those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Gross ban o, Mr. and Mr".
J. A. Morse, Mlas Lillian Gardener. MlM
Josie Cream. Bert McKenzle. Miss K. Kerri
gan. Jack - Kerrigan. W. Barnes, Miss Lout?*
Gade. Dr. Charles Halen. Miss Anna Halm.
C. Armbruster. Will Armbruster. Miss Grac*
Irving, Miss Lottie Smith, H. Aukers. X>.
Palace, Miss Lizzie Ross, Jack Swan, James
Dillon. W. Conway. Captain and Mrs. Clark.
H. E. Bender. Dr. and Mrs. BeaJe, Miss Simp
son. Edward Palmer, W. B. Clark and Mr.
Conway. s* .
George Donovan was the recipient
of a most enjoyable birthday party
on Tuesday evening, • April 12. given to
him by his parents, Mr. and Mrs. J. J.
Donovan, at their residence. 2178 Post
street. The evening was spent in music,
games and dancing and at midnight
a dainty repast was partaken of. Those
present Included:
Miss Kitty O'Mara. Miss Eugenia Rodrigrue,
Miss Julia Stein, Miss Grace Anderson. Mlas
Rosana Mullaly. Mlas Louise Soul. Miss Mln
nle Mullor. Miss NeUie Orth. Miss Zetha Mul
laly, Miss Ada Orth, Miss Ames Donavan.
Miss Esther Donavan. Fred Tyrell, Daniel
Qulnn, Victor Sabletzkl. Ralph Coons, Edward
Butzbach, Ben Hardman. Harry Schultxe.
Elmo Culbert. Walter Paul. Will Delehanty.
J. J. Hurley. I*. J. Wilcox, Frank Kowalkou
skl. Georse Donovan, William Donovan. Louts
Appalns. Reginald Rodrlgue and James Barker.
Mies Isabel Arnott, Miss Rosl» Bacl**!upl.
Miss Gussie Curieux. Miss Jennie Conlon. Mia*
Hazel . Garner. Miss Louise Gade. Miss Ida
Kinsman, Miss MIMred . Marlln. Mlsa Olevine
Plant, Miss Bertram! Roche, Mlsa Ethel Small.
'Miss Tootsle Wllaon. Miss Alice Arnott, Miss
May Arnott, Miss Jeanette Marlln. H. Bray.
J. Drlscoll, Arthur Gllley. Curtis GHl«y. C.
Hl«ins. F. Hurlburt, R. Herndon. P. Jeffries.
T. Lyman. P. Lord. E. la Valle. F*. Osier, A.
Turklngton. H. Voohries. Master James Ar
nott and Mr. and Mrs. Georce Garner.
WOMEN'S CLUB AND INFLUENTIAL BODIES OF MEN WORK FOR GOOD ROADS,
WEDDINGS AND CLUB PARTIES CONTINUE TO OCCUPY THE SOCIAL HOURS
l'HE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL;.,MONDAY, : ; APRIL IS, -190*.
ISABEL IRVING
WILL CHRISTEN
THE "MAJESTIC"
5
GEAPE-NUTS.
A Nice
i Little Dish of
Crape-Nuts
and Cream
; Toothsome
and Delicious.
< /^ k>i^^^^§*i« 41-Jror s his il/eeK:
W^T^^P^^^^^ $ PIANOS THAT liAVE BEEN
<T dfc> +>^|^^^^^^M . CELLENT ORDER.
V 0 *Tr / ffr^^*^^i^^^^^\ i Stcinway Grand $450
BsINsl^^^^is^^B m lmpKSl^BuKBfi£HP{^'^M^^y^^^c^+3lZi^ €9P3r^ * Fischer Upright
pBB|HBB|pSH ' ftji. * Upright made in Germany. . . .
EASY: PAYMENTS IF YOU 'LIKE I
i 931-933 MARKET STREET , SAN PRANC1SC0. CAL. I
¦ : . The Mauvais, Music Company; is^:hbw.lbcatedin ourb'uildihg. For sheet music, books and small $8Among his foreign honors. Kaiser
Wilhelm is an admiral in the British
navy. A story of his last visit to a
British ship shows that he has the gift
of making himself popular. Followed
by a long train of officers in due order
of seniority, from the admiral down to
the junior officer on duty, he made a
thorough tour of the ship, coming at
last to the sick quarters. In one of the
sick bays stood a weird-looking plant,
consisting of a long, attenuated stalk,
with a couple of melancholy looking
leave"?. Coming: to a dead stop
before this mysterious effort of
nature, the Kaiser pointed at
it in silence. "Admiral." he
asked at last, with an appearance of
the deepest Interest, "what is that?"
The admiral's botanical education did
not run to a solution of the problem, so
he turned for aid to his immediate suc
cessor, who, similarly embarrassed,
passed the query further back, until^it
reached the junior at ' the end of the
line, and was still unanswered.
All the time Kaiser • Wilhelm stood
waiting for Information with a look of
exaggerated anxiety upon his face. At
last, vhen Informed that absolutely no
explanation of the . phenomenon • was
forthcomings he burst/out laughing:, and
exclaimed, "Hurrah! At last I've found
something that th« British navy doesn't
know!"
Music On Tap
Indications point to the realization of
the dream of Bellamy, depicted In one
of his books, where music of any char
acter is always instantly obtainable by
the mere touch of a button conveniently
located in the library, bedrbom or any
other place. This, luxurious idea is
about to be carried out -by a company,
consisting largely of Baltimore men,
and which Is being organized under the
laws of the State of Massachusetts. The
object of the concern, which is known
as the Cahill Telharmonic Company,
and which is an adjunct of the New
England Music Company, Is to place
in practical operation for commercial
purposes the Invention of Thaddeus Ca
nill,' at present of Holyoke, Mass/This
invention is a machine for : producing
every primary vibration 'known' to the
human ear. These range from the min
imum vibrations that can be heard, 16
to a . eecond, to the maximum , of 8000
a eecond. The 'New England Music
Company, \vhlch Is the" holding
pany, is licensed to "supply /music, by
this device to the New England States.
It has a capital of $200,000.
The object of the Telharmonic Com- v
pany of New England will be to supply
music to orivate residences and apart
ments from a central station via the
electric wires | in common use or new
wires to be strung by the company. The
amount of 'capital stock for this" first
company is placed at* $2,000,000. '/'
The Diamond Center.
' Amsterdam is by far the greatest
i diamond cutting; and polishing center
in the world. Some diamonds are cut
I and polished in Antwerp and London,
jxew Tork and other cities. The in
j dustry in these places, however, is
' small compared to that of Amsterdam.
Nearly all the rough diamonds from
South Africa, Brazil, British Guiana,
Australia, and Borneo are taken to
Amsterdam to be split, cut and pol
ished. 'There are sixty-four factories'
in Amsterdam, with 8956 emploj'es.
I The diamond workers are divided Into
splitters, cutters and polishers. The
splitters receive from $14 to $20 a
I week, and the cutters and polishers
from S10 to $14 a week. A writer
in Die Woche (Berlin) describes the
method of diamond polishing as fol
' lows:
The first ihing that is done with the
raw diamond is to chip it. to '"kloven"
it. as the Hollanders say, in Avhose
hands rests nearly exclusively the
business «f diamond polishing. This
chipping Is necessary because of flaws
which are present in all diamonds.
After the stone has been chipped It
ffoes through the cutting proipes, that
I*, the laying out of the determined
form of facets, the most beautiful ar
rangement being the double-stone
with sixty-four facets. After this the
"glypen" may begin, thi? latter process
being performed with a isteel diamond
cutter's wheel on which the finest dia
mond powder has been spread — -"the
powder being obtained from diamond
waFte — the wheel turning with great
speed. The faces of the stone are
held against the wheel until a perfect
polish is obtained. The final "karat"
of the diamond is then determined,
while the value of the stone is gauged
according to clearness and color. A
faultless stone of one karat is valued
at some fifty-five dollars, but one of
ten karats is worth one - hundred
times as mach. Especial peculiarities
of the trade in loose stones are that
all transactions take place through
brokers — buyer and seller never
knowing each other — and that all set
tlements must be made in gold. — Pub
lic Opinion.
A Remarkable Index
Sp*-o:al CorrejrorwJpnee.
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL,
f. HENRIETTA STREET. COVENT
GARDEN. LONDON, April 5.— In Lon
don there will be completed in the next
month or so one of the biggest tasks of
a literary kind ever perhaps under
taken by any one man. This is the
work to which the late Benjamin
Franklin Stevens, United States dis
patch agent in London for over forty
years, devoted a large part of his life —
the making of a complete index of all
the official documents that exist on this
side of the ocean regarding the Ameri
can Revolution and the making of
peace thereafter.
It is difficult to give a true idea of
how tremendous an undertaking this
was, but it occupied Mr. Stevens and
the twenty or more assistants, whom
he paid out of his own Docket, over
thirty years to gather the necessary
material. At the end of that time they
had catalogued all the documents re
lating to the revolution in the posses
sion of the British Government, in pri
vate collections in this country and all
those in the Government archives of
France, Spain and Holland, the three
European powers concerned in the
war. The documents thus catalogued
amount to over 161,000 in all. and the
immense index in which the character
and location of every one of them is
indicated fills ISO folio volumes, each
containing about 500 pages.
Mr. Stevens kept no actual record of
the amount of money which he spent
upon this work, but estimated that it
was in the neighborhood of 5100,000.
He died two years ago, leaving the
work unfinished. All the material, was
In hand, however, and for the most
part already Incorporated In handsome
ly bound volumes. Mrs. Stevens and
her late husband's partner immediately
sat about com^letins; the index, and
the last ten volumes 0/ it are now be
ing bound.
Stevens' expectation was at the be
pinningr that the United States Gov
ernment, recognizing the importance of
the work he had planned, would fur
nish the funds for carrying it out, and
his final hone was that Congress would
buy the index for the Congressional
Library, but though a bill to that ef
fect was reported favorably on by two
committees of the House of Repre
sentatives the matter never got any
further.
Benjamin Franklin Stevens, who was
a Vermonter, came to London in 18C0.
lie already had had a good deal of ex
perience with historical documents, for
as assistant to his father, who was
president of the Vermont Historical
and Antiquarian Society, he had copied
many old state naDers, both at Albany
and Boston. Mr. Stevens had been in
London tbree or four years when It be
came necessary that he should make
some transcripts ons of documents in
the public record office of England re
lating to New Jersey, and then it was
that he discovered that to these, as to
the other documents concerning Amer
ica in different British and foreign re
positories, there was absolutely no in
dex. It soon became evident to Mr.
Stevens that he would be called upon
to make constant reference to docu
ments of this kind for several years
to come, so he besan making careful
notes of *;ach one of them that passed
through his hands, with the result that
in 1SS2 he had gathered no end of ma
terial.
In 1SSI Secretary of State Bayard
wrote to James Ku*s*»H Lowell, then
American Eraba^sador to th" Court of
St. Jam*"*, that in view of the prepara
tions then being made in the Uni
ted States for celebrating the one
hundredth anniversary of the recogni
tion of American independence, it was
dosir^d to eain permission from the
Mriiish Governmtnt to make as com
plete possible an index to the
American historical documents in the
archives of Great Britain. This per
mission was grranted and Mr. Dwijjht.
Chief of the Bureau nf Uolls and Li
brary, was sent over to make the index,
but when he got here the magnitude of
the task that he had undertaken stag
gered him. He could not possibly give
the time to It that would have been
necessary. *o he returned to the TTnited
States without having accomplished
anything.
Then it was that Benjamin F. Stevens
communicated with the State Depart
ment, describin? tho woik he had al
ready done toward indexlnj? the Euro
pean Americana and offering to com
plete hie task on behalf of the Govern
ment. Much official correspondence
followed and Mr. Stevens, who had the
support of Lowell. Edward Everett
Hale and many other distinguished
Americans, was so much encouraged
that he went on steadily with his task.
In England he was given every facility
by the Government officials, and in
France, Spain and Holland the various
representatives of the United States
aided him. The matter came before
Congress in 1SS4 and 1887; but. as has
been said, never got beyond the com
mittee stage.
* * *
The ISO volumes which contain Mr.
Stevens' indei are written entirely by
hand in a "copper-plate" that is a de
light to the eye. And to show with
what infinite care this monumental
Index was prepared, \i ra&y be said
that the volumes consist of three sets,
fifty of which grve a Uet of the Euro
pean historical Americana in the order
in which the documents appear in their
volumes in the different foreign ar
chives, 100 of which give the papers in
chronological order, with a description
THE governing conditions in trade last week were
rather adverse than otherwise. First, the weather
was unfavorable; second, stocks of some important
staples showed a marked increase with less consump
tion, and, third, labor conditions became threatening at
a number of points.
» i : ...;••¦.. ':¦, . •
The weather has been a serious drawback to business
for several months. It set back the regular: spring de
mand at least a month, and when the tide oft trade be
comes checW?d for any fength of time 'it seldom fully
makes up the deficiency when its flow is resumed. There
are certain seasons when certain kinds of goods are
used, and if the time for using them goes by they; are
no longer wanted. Thus spring goods are no longer, in
demand in a wholesale way, and though the retailers
may selPmore or less the wholesalers and jobbers "are.
now. devoting their attention to summer goods* and in
the larger houses even the summer business is already
off the boards and the buyers are looking for fall arid
winter assortments. This illustrates how a backward
season may cut down the regular spring or summer de
mand for merchandise io a small volume. .
This year the weather has been so unpropitious that
it has not only seriously reduced the volume of spring
trade but has done more or less damage to the growing
crops. Thus the wheat crop, was kept back during the
winter, and though a spell of fine weather a fortnight
ago produced a marked improvement in conditions, the
reports last week suddenly turned unfavorable again.
From Kansas, Oklahoma, the Middle West, the Ohio
Valley and the Northwest all sorts of poor reports were
received. The_jweather was cold, with snow and mud, at
the very time when the crop needed warmth and sun.
In North Dakota and the Red*Rivcr Valley in partic
ular it was reported that the farmers would not be able
to get on to their fields before the 1st of May, and that
under the snow which still lingered there was a foot of
mud. These bad reports appeared suddenly and all came
in together, and though some were subsequently par
tially contradicted it was evident that crop conditions
were not as favorable as they had been.
Cotton, too, has felt the effects of the cold weather
and the crop hate been cut down by a severe frost in
Texas and along the northern part of the belt. This
had its effect on the market and led to an enormous de
mand for cotton on Thursday, when 17,500 bales were
sold in the open market at New Orleans, and on the Ex
change one transaction of 9000 bales was made, it be
ing the largest single spot transaction in the history of
the Exchange. The spot quotation showed no particu
lar change, but the downward trend of the market was
checked.
As for the increasing supplies of the more important
staples, the condition is not altogether new, but is be
coming more pronounced. At first it was confined to
iron and steel goods. It then appeared in provisions,
which were produced in large quantities by the Western
packers and persistently unloaded upon the outside trad
ers, who bought " largely and with equal •persistency.
The market reports of the newspapers called attention
to this, but the outsiders went on buying just the. same,
and did not wake up to what they were doing for sev
eral weeks. Then they found themselves loaded with
large lines of pork products and not much of a market
to work them off on. Now it is reported that stocks of
dry goods, from producer to consumer, are larger than
desirable, while sales are smaller. •
• There is also less call for leather footwear, as the very
wet weather has diverted the demand to rubber goods,
and the inquiry for woolen goods is not up to expecta
tions. The iron and steel trades are still sending in con
flicting reports, some sections reporting business ex
panding and others the reverse. The general condition
of this industry, however, seems to be better thail it was
several j months ago. But the demand is not urgent at
best and buyers exhibit no eagerness to procure supplies
of the raw material. Building materials are not meeting
with any extra inquiry, the weather and many small la
bor complications throughout the country restricting
building operations.
Statistical conditions, too, are hardly what could be
desired. The bank clearings continue to show a decrease
from last year, and while it is not large is persistent, and
the aggregate clearings, which for a number of years
have generally exceeded $2,000,000,000, are now almost
always below this amount. ' Those of last week were
$1,975,820,000. The week's failures were 225,- against 212
last year, though none of them were heavy enough to
attract attention beyond their local sections. The rail
road earnings during the first week in April were 7 per
cent smaller thaa during the corresponding week last
year, and the returns for the first quarter of the year
will, it is thought, show^ that the railroads are barely
holding their ovvn in comparison with the past' year or
two.
Turning from tHis rather unfavorable exhibit of
domestic trade in general to "'the money and stock
markets we find a more favorable state of affairs.'
Money is reported in liberal supply at low rates
of . interest everywhere and the outflow of gold
from New York to Europe is fully offset by imports
of Japanese gold at San Francisco. Standard stocks are
paying their regular dividends, but the railroads are bor
rowing too much money and in too large blocks to suit
the investing public, hence business on the -Stock Ex
change is quiet. .During the past few days the consen
sus of authorities as to the future of the market seems
to have undergone some change; there is less optimism
and \ fewer predictions of a forthcoming bull movement,
owing largely to the impaired prospects of the wheat
crop mentioned abov^e. -
The conditions in California show no particular
change. Variable weather during the past week has al
tered the complexion of the crop prospects, the hot dry
spell at the beginning of the week, followed by .showers
at the close, rendering conditions irregular, though the
net situation remains about as before. Good crops^of
almost everything are almost assured. Thus far, there
have been no killing frosts to cut down the fruit crop,
though the Weather Bureau reports more or less damage
by the cold rains of a month ago, which caught several
of the early varieties in blossom, to their detriment. .No
fears of any .shortage are'expressed'in any quarter,' how
ever. As for grain and hay, fair, if not full, crops of both
are practically assured. Domestic and export trade is
reported brisk' and money. continues abundant and, easily
obtainable on; average securities. Real estate transac
tions show, active investment in both city and country
while building operations in San Francisco
continue large.- -There are' no 1 signs of any: falling off in
trade.in this. State, no matter what conditions 'may-pre
vail in other parts 'of the country. . : -
of each, and thirty ai ¦which contain a
list of the 160.000 odd items In alpha
betical order, with (in nearly every
case) the names of both the writers and
receivers in "double entry."
Among the almost endless documents
to which this monster. Index makes
reference are all the letters and dis
patches of the royal governors of the
Thirteen Colonies before the outbreak
of the revolution, and all tho|e of the
British commanders in the course of
the war, General Gage, Sir William
Howe. Sir Henry Clinton, Lord Corn
wallis and Burgoyne. Indexed also are
all the dispatches of the British ad
mirals and captains of 'the American
station from 1763 to 1783, and also ad
: dresses made to the King by towns in
I England and Scotland testifying to
their abhorrence of the American re
bellion and to their own loyalty. The
list refers also to the complete corre
spondence with regard to the Hessians,
the treaties respecting these troops,
the regimental occurrences, prisoners
and so on. The French documents to
which reference is made include all
j tho correspondence between the French
i Government and Gerard, Luzerne and
' Barbe de Marbois. as well as with the
American Peace Commissioners.Frank
lir.. Jay, Adams and Lee, and with La
fayette. Paul Jones. Arnold and John
Hancock.
ASPECT OF, TRADE.
The Japanese Merchant.
Before the Restoration"; the better
class Japanese esteemed it a degra
dation to .work. A tradesman was.de
spised. To-day there is hardly a man
of Japan who does not: follow 'some
calling. -The, older men, the grand
fathers, may stay at home, but the
sons— the restless, '.modern, progres
sive 'sons of the new Japan," are .not
happy unless employed. ; The spirit of
modern Japan. is '.in v them. They are
as devoted to their business as to their
homes. \ But they keep them-well sep
arated and apart. ;The Japanese who
can afford it has' his office in the 1 big
city, but : his home , in V the ';¦¦ suburbs.'
.STAINS IN. MARBLE— S. P. H-. City.
The following is given as a means for
taking stains -.out of marble: y'Take
a wlneglassful of ox gall, one of soap
lees and half a glassful of turpentine;
mix Into a* paste with pipe clay. Pdt
the paste on the stain and let it remain
for several days. \ Then remove the
paste. .and. if the stain. Is not fully re
moved fa second application will gener
ally prove 'sufficient."
business houses and public men by,th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's); 230 Cal
ifornia streets Telephone Main 1041. •
Special information supplied daily U '
Townsend's California Glace fruits an*
choice candies, in artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends,
715 Market street, above Call building. '
THE phrase state dinner will acquire, a new mean
ing, by reason of the great feast now being prepared
by the Promotion Committee for April 30. That is
to be a state dinner, not because it serves any formal
function of state, but because it is designed to bring to
gether representatives of every section of the State for
the purpose of promoting harmony of;feeling and unity
of effort in advancing' the common .welfare.
Plans for the banquet have been arranged on a liberal
scale. The company will; include a large < proportion v of
the men whose enterprise and influence -have; been nota
bly v important factors in developing the resources and
promoting the industries of all parts of the State. Among
the speakers of the evening are to be Governor Pardee,
President Wheeler of ' the State University, Charles F.
Lummis of . Los; Angeles, Henry Weinsto^k ; of /Sacra
mento .and other men of eminence from the various • sec
tions of the commonwealth. ; .
-The theme, of all is to be the welfare of California— a
subject that will surely inspire the-speakersto their best
efforts and assure a* cor dial responsiveness . from the com
pany.v Taken altogether, the occasion : promises ; to bVone
of 'exceptional interest and significance '.and will/surely
rank among the most . notable local events of the year. * :;.
A STATE DINNER.
RULE OF THREE— J. F.. Grass Val
ley, Cal. .The rule of three is. a tech
nical term .forL a rule la - arithmetic,
otherwise,- called proportion. .. which/
teaches the finding of a fourth number^
proportional to three given numbers.
The term "rule of three" lias been in
use from the beginning . of the six
teenth century and from the great
utility of the operation, in commercial
transactions . It received almost from
the commencement the name, of the
golden rule.
There are 556 prisoners at present in the county jails
of this municipality, which is a greater; number than for
several years past. Whether this .be due to increased
population, prosperity or degeneracy is a question for
ON A TRANSPORT— J. S. Jr.. City.
An individual desiring a position on
a transport should file an application
in the transport office* at the foot of
Folsom street, 8an. Francisco. For a
position on a passenger "vessel going
to the points named in the letter of
inquiry file an application In the of
fice of the company owning such ves
sel. . . , . • ,
THEATERS— F. F.. City. The seat
ing Capacity of the principal theaters
in , San Francisco is: Grand Opera
house,' 2395; Columbia, 1624; California,
1698; Central. 1458: Orpheum. 2903. In
Oakland the seating capacity of the
Macdonough Is 1463 -and of Ye Liberty
Playhouse 2000.
The Russian Censorship.
A clear, accurate statement of what
has ¦ actually happened with regard to
the removal of the Russian censorship
of news would be as follows: After
considering a suggestion of Melville*
Stone, the Czar ; has abolished the cen
sorship of the Associated Press cable
news service. That is all.. .-. .
The censorship in Rursia Is exercised
over all printed matter, whether print
ed in the country or not. In the two
capitals, St. Petersburg and Moscow,
the daily papers are not actually sub
jected to the censorship. ; The censor,
however, reads the- printed sheet be
fore any one .else, and if it contains
anything forbidden, the edition is sup
pressed. .Editors are permitted, to
criticize the local administration, but
not to say anything which can be con
strued" as reflecting upon the higher
authorities or .Jhe church. Three warn
ings are given; the first consists in the
prohibition of street sales, the second
in a fine, the third means suppression,
of the publication..; The strict censor
ship in St: Petersburg and Moscow
has been abolished since tlie reign of
Alexander II. The provincial news
papers, however, are still subjected to
a^burdensome censorship. Editors must
submit proofs. of every article to the
censor before they are published. This
concession of the; Czar has' aroused
considerable interest among Americans
as to what j Russians themselves read
in the way of periodical literature.—Re
view of Reviews.
WINSTON CHURCHILL-^-W.,. City.
Winston Churchill, author of "Richard
Carvel." is the son of Edward Spaldinc*
and Emma Bell (Blaine) Churchill."
born in St. Louis, November 19, 1871.
COPYRIGHT— H. K., Sacramento.
Cal. The fee for a copyright in tha
United States is 50 cents. Write to the
librarian of Congress for a blank form
of application for copyright.
Anszvcrs to Queries.
MINING CLAIM— Subscriber. Cecil
ville, Cal. Work to the amount of $500
a vear must be made on a mining claim
in order to secure a patent.
BER8EEAI— W. F. L., City. For In
formation about berseem. the new fer
tilizer, address a communication to the
experiment station at the University of
California.
AN interesting illustration of the manner in which
the House of Representatives discusses bills that
are before it, and also of the degree of interest
Eastern people take of Pacific^ Coast affairs, is shown in
a report by one of our Boston exchanges of a recent de
bate on a bill to provide for a Delegate in Congress from
Alaska.
The report says that in the course of the debate "Mr.
Granger of Rhode Island briefly discussed the business
feature of the social -system of the United States, and Mr.
Bowers of Mississippi answered „ some - statements re
cently made by Mr. Gillett of Massachusetts regarding
violations of the constitutions of some of the .Southern
States with respect to negro suffrage.. He made a com
parison of the criminal statistics of Massachusetts and
Mississippi and said these showed that the negroes in the
latter State were six times better: than those, of Massa
chusetts. He said that the negro was not fit for self
government and he was greeted with Democratic ap
plause when he said the negro^ within .' constitutional
limits, should be eliminated as a political factor. T thank
God,' he added, 'the constitution of Mississippi swept the
circle of expedient to accomplish that' end.' "
After giving considerable space to all that was said
upon the negro question, the report* adds: "The Alaska
bill was then laid aside and a bill was passed providing
for the cession of 120 acres of land in Colorado to, the
Beecher Island Battle Memorial Association." Of course
much allowance is to be made for the burning zeal of the
members from Massachusetts and from Mississippi on
the negro question, but at least a little attention should
have been. given to, Alaska. It is a big country and its
claims for. a Delegate in Congress deserve a hearing. '
ALASKA IN CONGRESS.
If the thug who killed himself at Hanford to evade
the officers proves to be Fancy, the Folsom escape, he
has gone oh record as doing, at least one good act in his
life, that of relieving the people of the cost and trouble
of his taking off.
Strings of Noses.
In a paper read by Miss Adele M.
F'elde before the section of biology of
the New York Academy of Sciences, the
joints composing the antennae, of ants
were described as a series of noses, each
having a special function. The first
Jointldistinguislies.the ant's native nest
from the nest of an enemy; the second
discriminates between the odor of ants
of different colonies, but Of the same
species; the third discerns the scent of
the track left by the ant's own feet, and
enables it to return over its route; the
fourth and fifth joints discover the dis
tinctive odor of the larvae, and if re
moved disable the ant from caring for
the young in a nest; the sixth and
seventh Joints make known the pres
ence of an ant of different species. Onl;rf
after these joints are developed will™.
ants of different species fight one an
other. — Youth's Companion.
Zebra Tandems.
A few devotees of the whimsical an A
the eccentric are talking of breaking
and training zebras for family pleas
ure driving: in Hyde Park, London.
Friends of the zebras say they can
easily be made docile and tractable
in drawing smart wagons and will af
ford a refreshing novelty of contrasts
among the horses and automobiles.
Quaggas are also well thought of. It's
a great pity that giraffes are now so .
rare and hard to get. How agreeable*^
a spectacle a four-in-hand team of
spotted skyscrapers, imported from
Africa, would afford in Rotten row!
Two enormous ostriches, wearing su
perb .,plumes of their own, would also
doubtless gratify the spectators if
hitched, to a. big park phaeton.
Could Not Place' Him:
It was about the time that Mayor
Schmitz was preparing to distribute
the official patronage at his command
shortly after his re-election that _a
seedy individual made his appearance
in his Honor's outer office looking for a
job. The-- man told Secretary Keane
that he wanted to see. the Mayor on
personal business and wrote his name,
John Smith, on a card.y -/•
Keane took . the card \ to/ the , Mayor
in his private office and the latter, af
ter looking at it, said: "I really cannot
recall the name, but _ show the man in
anyhow."
Mr. Smith ambled slowly into the
Mayor's sanctum and, at once began:
t "Mr. „ Mayor, I have come to see you
relative . to obtaining one of the sine
cures which you are at present dispens
ing to deserving^persons. I am John
Smith.' I was on the* committee of the
Forty-Fourth District when you were
running for the.mayoralty and worked
hard In your behalf. You know me
all right. Now, what is it to be?"
The Mayor listened to his .voluble
visitor until he had finished and then,
with a merry twinkle in his eyes, said:
"Well, I guess I do know you, but for
the life of me I cannot place you."
What We Do
The New York Sun prints an elo
quent tribute to Sfin Francisco's hus
tling spirit from the mouth of one of
our travelers. - It says:
"A Californian, after an unsuccess
ful attempt to get somebody on the
telephone in one at the hotels the
other, night, unburdened, himself; * n
regard to New York's methods of do
ing things, and its telephone service in
particular. These are some of his re
marks, edited:
"" 'This town thinks it's risht up to
the day after to-morrow in improve
ments. Is it? You ask for a number
and the telephone girl says "Busy — I
will call you." Does she call you?
Why, you could sit around till the red
ball was up in every skate store In
Hades before she'd call you. Who the
last mentioned place are you that she
should waste her good time calling
you? Why, for you — to the nunnery.
" 'Out in San Francisco . we do it
like this: Suppose the number is busy;
.the girl presses a button. You are
connected with a* phonograph and it
keeps telling you, "Busy— we will call
you," till you hang up your receiver.
When you do that the connection is
broken, something else happens, and
the minute that the number you want
ed is through talking you are con
nected with it automatically; both
bells ring and you both advance and
get. occupied at once.. New York?.
Huh! Why, I saw a horse car on the
street here yesterday. There's only
one horse car in California and that's
in a museum.'. New' York?' Not for
* ....... ,V r "
During the day he is in the midst of
the busy stir and whirl of the city,
but about 4 in the afternoon he is
hurrying " toward the. grateful peace
and beauty of his country home. The
first .thing he "does on reaching home
is to bathe and remove all the clothes
he has worn at his office. or store. With
the- changing of his business clothes
he" lays aside all thought of business.
In'his home he finds desired rest and
recreation. He Is by nature a lover of
leisure. Few business men in Ameri
ca would leave their offices so early
or would take so many holidays. The
Japanese business man takes all the
holidays he can afford. He, is at home
most of the fete days. He goes with
the family to see the carnivals, the
temple and flower festivals. — Harper's
Weekly.
Sorry: for the: Lion.
Among the children attending a
Western Addition kindergarten is lit
tle Alice, the well known daughter, of a
local newspaperman: 'A few days ago
a visitor exhibited to. the little folks
some' large '¦- colored \ pictures depicting
the sufferings , of the early * Christians.
One Illustration showed a'lion's~den,.in
which ._ the .animals were_industriany
worrying Christian men and maids.. -As
the children -watched the picture, the:
visitor told a. story, appropriate, to the
illustration/ .None, showed more eager
interest than did little Alice. She list
ened, attentively. Her alert "glance
moved from speaker to' picture as/ her
ears drank" in the tale of the cruelty of
Nero. "•• ~- ¦ .
The child's interest attracted the vis
itor and soon he found";himself,ad
dressing little Alice; to the exclusion
of all others.- She, at JeasU- understood
and appreciated' the story.
There was 'a pause in the tale. Up
went little Alice's hand: .'•„;¦'
"Please, teacher?" (
, "What is It, Alice?"
"Please, teacher, there's one poor lion
hasn't got any martyr." - .-!/..'
THE Chicago Superintendent* of Schools and Board
of Education have decided upon a novel experiment
to be introduced into all the public schools of the
city for the^purpose of teaching young America the prin
ciples of self-government at first hand. They will organ
ize, the; schools into" miniature municipal^ State and na
tional governments, upon the broad principles of equal
suffrage and' representation according to the latest' re
ports of the school census; each elementary school will
be represented by members in the lower House of the
model Congress and the Senate will be made an august
assemblage by being drawn directly from the high
schools. Every cog in the machinery of government will
be in'its place and. moving. • ¦" : V ¦- •« j
It is to" be hoped that the Chicago experiment will
prove a.success. At present time the only notion. of gov
ernment -._ which a child in the public; (schools obtains is
through a dry-as-dust textbook; thrust at him while he is
yet at the tender age of 12 or 13, and made doubly incom
prehensible by the comments of the teacher. What idea
of the true, order of things can your average boy gather
from the statement, for example, that the Federal Cir
cuit courts have appellate jurisdiction over, such and
such cases* and original jurisdiction -in these and those
instances, or that a. "shocstring T distfict". r is one, which? has
been gerrymandered ?„ Not that the textbooks are not ex
cellent in their way or. thai the teachers are not couscienr
tious in their endeavor to make the high light of govern
ment break in upon their: young charges; the difficulty
lies simply in the fact that the instruction lacks anything
tangible. .
Over in Oakland there is a society of little. folks who
have organized themselves into what they call The Bird
-Republic. They have a president and his cabinet^tburts
and their bailiffs and all the accessories' to a well ordered
Not only do they get lots of fun out of their game
of government, but the. little: follows are learning from
the ground up the principles of good citizenship and in
telligent suffrage. They tell a story over, at the Univer
sity of California about a brilliant freshman who asked
his instructor in United States history why the members
of the college of electors should not be made to retain
office during* good, behavior like the Federal Judges.
That freshman had passed an entrance, examination in
-civil j government before he entered the university upon
the information which had been crammed into his head
while he was a youngster not yet in high school. How
many more just such ignoramuses there arc "one dare
not guess. s"^
If the Chicago scheme prove a success it may be in
troduced at some time or another into every school which
is supported by the money of the people. There is no
better place for a future citizen and taxpayer to learn the
actual operations of the Government which he will help
to support and of which he is to be a member than right
in the schoolroom where the whole machinery of the
State may be set Vo work under his eyes and with his
assistance. ,¦ > \
A MODEL SCHOOL REPUBLIC.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL;, MONDAY.; APRIL M8, ,1904;
THE SAN FRAN CISGiQ CALL
JOHN D. SPR£CKELS> Proprietor . ; .'..,./. . ;>.:;" Agdre&s All Commanications to JOHN, McNAUGHT, /Manager
Publication Office <!*j|e||^*£> Third and Market Streets, S. P.
MONDAY ......:. ............. .•.'...¦.¦.. ..:...'................ APRIL 18, 1904
One on the Royal Navy.
6
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESSOLID ALAMEDA ORGANIZATIONS FAITMFLILLY
TOIL TO IMPROVE THEIR BE AUTIFUL CITY
WASHINGTON, April 17.— General
Joseph Dickinson, the only survivor of
the adjutant generals of the various
armies of the Civil War, is hopelessly
ill In this city. He is seventy-three
years of age and is suffering from gen
eral debility.
General Dickinson 111.
. "Those whose names I have . men
tioned say there is an advantage to b*
gained by concert of action for the
purpose of stimulatine public spirit
among our citizens and in placing be
fore the outside world knowledge of
the many advantages possessed by
Alameda as a choice residence locality.
That hit the, nail on the head. This
was a programme, to which no on*
could take exception. .We have >en r
gaged now. fairly In the work that Is
ahead of us to do and we are confident
CON'CEUT OF ACTION.
George \f. Scott Is the president of
the Alameda Advancement Association.
He is prominent In business and is
characterized for thoroughness and
energy. "We mean business," said Mr.
Scott, in an Interview with a repre
sentative of The Call. - "There will b^
no froth; no bubbling over; no un
fulfilled promises. Tbe association will
carefully consider what can be done
and will then proceed to the execution
of its self-imposed tasks in the order
of their selection.
"We have beautiful streets in Ala
meda and a beautiful city. Our first
move, in connection with- the Adelphi
Club- was the planting of palm tree3
about the Alameda High School
grounds. We hope to have the plant-
Ing of trees pursued with regard to a
determined plan. We are co-operating
with the West End Improvement Club
In the matter of securing a better road
way to connect Oakland and Alameda,
by "way of East Webster street. The
Realty Syndicate will assist in this im
provement. What I can say for the
city of Alameda would fill a great deal
of space. The essential point Is that
Alameda Is the nucleus for great
things. It will be our aim to add to
Alameda all that our efforts, in co-op
craticn with all other agencies, can
bring to pass."
Not less decided was Secretary El
mer E. Johnson in speaking of the In
tentions of the Alameda Advancement
Association regarding the promotion of
the city of Alameda, "We are going
ahead." he said. "Nothing can stop
us. The whole story of how this ad
vancement association came into exist
ence is easily told. A call for a public
meeting was issued by D. Hirschfeld,
George H. Mastick. George E. Plum
mer, E. J. Dodge. C. F.- Young, Alex
ander R. Ramm, P. S. Teller, W. R.
Kollmeyer. George H. Tyson, S. B.
Connor. James Tyson, Louis E. Spear,
E. J. Holt. George A. Moore. C. Bart
lett, George T. Wright, ' G. W. Ben
nett, H. M. Landsberger, J. R. Know-;
land. Frank Otis. J. L. Fields. II.
Hacke, J. C. E«chen. A. L. Valleau.
W. C. Forsyth, L. H. Jacobi and
George Renner. What they set forth
in their call for the meeting at which
the association was inaugurated serves
wry well . as a keynote to the entire
matter. . '
The- latest organization for civic ad
vancement Is the Alameda Advance
ment Association. Its motto, formally
adopted. Is "AJameda to the Fore."
Its programme is summed up, general
ly, . in its constitution and by-laws.
Therein it is made obligatory upon the
association "to consider all subjects
tending to promote the welfare of the
city of Alameda; to plan and recom
mend the adoption of such measures
as will tend to beautify the city of
Alameda and add to its attractive
ness." Among the committees provid
ed for is one on public affairs, which Is
the first one officially mentioned in
the by-laws. The next one to which
the association pledged itself Is a com
mittee on publicity and promotion,
which will attend to all publications
of the association. \
by The Call to a study of the agencies
that are workinc for the good of com
munities in .California. Special atten
tion is no-w directed to Alameda and to
the promise that is contained in the
plans of its promotors.
AD VAXCELM EXT ASSOCIATION'.
With its fifty miles of splendid streets,
the «.-<jual e-f any in the world of like
extent; with its one hundred miles of
etone sidewalks ; with fts great army
«jf handsome residences and flnels' im
proved grounds: with every possible
advantage in easy and frequent com
munication "with San Francisco and its
municipal neighbors on the eastern
shore of the bay of San Francisco; with
a home-loving and home-improving
population, including thousands of men
nnd women of culture and means; pos
sessed of a great water front that is
capable of potentially forwarding the
welfare of the municipality and of its
people; famed as a ship building site;
affording pleasure to its population in
various unique ways, among which
may be mentioned its faultless facili
ties for salt water bathing throughout
the year — its lot may be fairly said to
be enviable. In the natural advantages
and beauties of Alameda reside a stim
ulus for strong work fer the fame and
prosperity of home.
Much cpace has recently been devoted
The beautiful city of Alameda. one
of the handsomest and most desirable
for residence in the United States, has
recently attracted attention by reason
of united efforts to improve ltB ad
vantages still farther and to have its
beauties more widely known.
The Alameda Advancement Associa
tion, lately organized, has gained great
strength in influential membership and
is planning various measures that are
certain to result in good.
The Adelphi" Club, formed largely
for the promotion of study amc-ng
women, and including many leaders in
society, has also its cla:m to be con
sidered as an agent for the promotion
of the welfare; of Alameda in numerous
ways. Its membership is actuated by
a patriotic purpose.
The West End Alameda Improve
ment Association has a vigorous cam
paign in view for immediate better
ment for Alameda and, while it is sec
tional to some degree, it is working
with all other friends of Alameda for
•greater Alameda," with loyalty and
enthusiasm.
Mrs. William G. Davis, Mrs. Mary' Dick
son, ¦ Mrs. E. . J. - Dodge, Airs. Joseph
Durney, Mrs/ 1 S. H. Hall. Mrs.' H. H. Dana.
Mrs. Charles A. Day. Mrs. Gustave Dleck
man. Mrs. F. W. d'Evelyn. Mra E. P. Den
nett. Mrs. • G. W. t Emraons, Mre. I. Ehrenberg,
Mrs. R. G: Elmer, Mrs. John H. Eggers, Mrs.
H. L. Eastman. Mrs. A. B. Fowler, Miss O.
A. Foye, Mrs. H. K. Field, Mrs. A. J. Foster,
Dr. Mnry Fletcher, Mrs. F.: M. French, Mrs.
F. J. Fletter. Mrs. E. G. Flanders. Mrs.. W.
T. Farrar. Mrs. J. L. Fields. Mrs. F. Farrar,
Miss Ethel Fleming. Mrs. Henryr W. Fores,
Mrs. J. F. Forderer. - Miss Eva Fabens, Mrs.
J. W. Goodwin. Mrs*. J.L. Gould. Mrs. E.'S.
Coding, Mrs. James Greig. Miss Belle Garrette,
Mrs. Gustav Gut*ch. Mro.L. U Gillogly, Mrs.
E. Gclderman. : Miss Ella Graves, Miss Dlxon
Hendricks, Mrs. C. A: Hooper,- Mrs. - J. -C.
Henekins, Mis. J. C. Hall, Mrs. C.E. Hovey,
Mrs. C. C. Hughes, Mrs. Adam Heberer, Mrs.
8. M Hasfett. Mrs. : E. J. Holt," Mrs J. E.
Hlggtns,- Mrs. Haldan, Mrs. N. B. Frlski, Mrs.
Walter J. -Garnett, Mrs. Edwin F. Harris,
Mrs E. S Hovey; Mrs. Oliver Haslett.
Mrs. H.' Hauch. Mrs. W. F. Holden.' Mrs.
George L. Henderson. Mrs. W. C. Halsey.
Mrs David Hirtchfeld, Mrs. H. A. Hebard,
Mrs. Samuel Haslett, Mrs. George D. Hall,
Mrs..' J. 8. Hanley, Mrs." G. R. Hansbrow,
Mrs. F. B. Halght. Mrs. J. W. Hand. , Miss
Follette Hlldreth. Mr?. L. P. Hitchcock. Mr*.
F.- V. James, Mrs. C W. .Jackson, Airs. J.
Jamison Mrs. Louis James, Mrs. Reecl Jones.
Mrs. H." K; Jackson, Mrs. Jessie ' Jories, Mrs.
W. B Kollbyer, Mrs. - Sarah M. • John. Mrs.
Charles B.\ Hanley. Mrs. Eugene Maillot, Mrs.
Harry ,W. Lott, Mrs. J.- R. Knowland, Mrs.
Herman ; Krusl.; Mrs. E. M. Keyes, Mrs. Wil
liam B. Knowles. Mrs. Gustav Koch,, Mra. L.
B - Knowland. Mrs. W. D. Littleton, - Mrs. A.
M. Lewis. Mrs. J. D.. Langhorn-iMrs- Frank
Le Count," Mrs. George A; ' Lelter. • Mrs. T. . R.
McGurn,- -Mrs. ' Ella -McCain. .Mra." Adim
Mecartney. Mrs. - ; G. . A.* Mocre,' Miss ¦ "L. : M.
Maguire,- Mrs. S..:B.v Meslck. Mr«. E. ' W;
Maslin. Mrs. Henry Michaels, Mrs. E. G.
Moyes Mrs..Wrnn- Meredith. , Mrs.* -Mabel
Mitchell Mrs. : Green Majors.' Mr». C. . P.' Nell
ron.' Mrs. G. F.: Newell.', Mrs// P. C. McFar T
lane Mrx, Eugene r H. -Lauch. Mrs. Arthur G.
Nasch. Mrs. C. J.'O'Kell, Mrs.: H.:E. Osborne.
Mrs.- C O'Connor. 'Mrs. Frank; Otis,; Mrs. H.
M Pond. Mrs. ~ G. E. • Plummer. Mrs. A. ¦ W.
Pattlftnl'-Mr*. :Wa'.rto--Park>uret. -: ; - V . .'
Mrs J:M.' Parkhurst.- Mrs. George Palmer,
Mrs '. E A: Phelps. 'Mrs. -.W.* P. Porter., Mrs.
Charles Phllpott,, Mrs. A. .W. Porter. Mrs.
George ! H.' 1 Porry.» Miss ¦ Alice G. Putnam.' Mra/
AVIUiani Ricby. 1 Mrs.- A:- M."! Ramsay. Miss Mae
Roblnpon. Mrs. W:* Rogers.- Mrs." L. A. Red
man," Mrs.: H.^'Rosenthal, '- Mrs. ,E. 'T>: Rue,
Miss" Grace Reynolds.i Mrs:; H. Smith.; Mrs. J.
F Parr- Mrs. Gllman Parker. Mrs. .W. B.rSte
vens Mrs. Will'am • M.- Shear, Mrs. F. f G. Sar
gent, Mrs..' G. W; Scott,.- Mrs." A'.. JH Samuel;
Mrs J. J. ' Searle.". Miss . Ida ': Spencer. ¦¦ Mr«." R:
¦H * Swayne, Mrs. E.-M.;, Smith. jMlss "H.* G.
So'ule, Miss Abble Sprague. Mrs. L. M.;61o«!on,
Mrs'J '¦•- H. Slfan. jMw - R. : A. ' Smith. - ! MI«<«
Minnie Shreve. Mrs. H. W.Shaner Mrs. G. H.
Sha Muck. Mrs. D. D. ; Sutphen,' Mrs. L. C. Shel-
Mrs. W. H. Abbott. Mrs. George W. Arnold,
Mrs. G. M. Agnew, Mrs. C.-A. AUardyce. Mra.
B. C, Austin. Mrs G. W. Alexander. Mrs. WT
H. Allen, Mrs. W. t E. Almana, Mrs. A. E.
Acklom, MIps Florence Boyle, Mrs. R. B. Bird.
Mrs. O. C. Bull, Dr. D. L. JU Ballard, Mrs. Ed
Bunker, Mrs. . Georgfl Babcock, Mies Cora
Brooks. Miss R. R. Best, Miss E. M. Bartlett.
Miss Laura Bennett, Mrs. J. E. Baker, Mrs.
C. ¦ A. Bradford. Mis. J. W. Bartholomew,
Mr3. W. A, Bifsell, Mrs. P. W. Barton. Mrs.
A. J. Burgner, Mrs. Otto Brewltt. Mrs. George
B. .Bird, Mrs. Harrison Brooks. Miss Ethel
Brown, Mrs.-J. D. Bishop, Mrs. William
Bachr Mrs. J. . Browning, Mrs. E.-F. Burrell,
Mrs. L. A. Bachelder..Mr3. F. S. Brush. Mrs.
F. G. Baker, Mrs. R. F. Clark, 'Mrs. C. M.
Curtis. Mr?. R. A. Clark. . Mrs. W. Cragin.
Miss Maud Cohen. Mrs. J. W. Chlpchase. Mrs.
E. D. Crandall, Mrs. S. B. Connor. Mrs. John
Ccrnlng, Mrs. Homer Case, Mrs. R. 8. Clarke
Mrs. H. D. Clark. Mre. F. " M. Eckley. Mrs.
Edward Davl> Mrs. A. F. W. Delano, Mrs.
E. B. Carson, Mrs. A. L. Crane. Mrs. W. C.
Culbert. Mrs. A. W. Cornelius. Mrs. I. N.
Chapman. Mrs. J. S. "Dodge, Mrs. J. M. de
Witt.
The' Adelphi Club's officers are the
following: President, Mrs. I. N. Chap
man: first vice president, Mrs. J. B.
Hi^gins, second vice president, Mrs. E.
J. Holt; recording secretary, Mrs. E. M.
McCain; corresponding secretary, Mrs.
H. A. Hebard; treasurer, Mrs. Henry
Rosenthal; general curator, Mrs. Waldo
Parkhurst. The membership list in 7
eludes the following:
jects of the club are to promote study
among women and to aid, through or
ganized effort, such worthy causes as
may enlist sympathy and to advance
whatever tends to the best interests of
the community. That is tolerably com
prehensive in its scope. The Adelphi
Club is proud of beautiful Alameda, and
the women who compose its member
ship hope that success will crown every
Effort that it is now making along the
lines of betterment."
Mrs. I. N. Chapman, the newly elected
president of the Adelphi Club, upon
whose - -**ve co-operation in; civic bet
terment the other associations In'Ala
meda confidently count, said: r," We
have been engaged in promoting inter
est in Arbor day. We have worked- for
the library. We are engaged. in striving
to . have a hall for Alameda. :. We are
instrumental In having the High School
grounds planted with palm "trees. In
every way possible; the women: of "the
Adelphi Club will help to* advance'Ala
moda's interests.; We have a* civic sec
tion in our work. Our constitution iells
what we strive for.' That says the ob-
ZEALOUS ADELPHIANS.
A. Kesscn. T. T. Balrd. J. R. BiRlcr. Fred
Binder, \V. A. Conneau. Combs & Kiriier,
n. A. Dague, F. H. Daniels, F. N. I>elanoy,
E. T. Dodge. William Dufour. J. Khrenberg,
U. G. Elmer. E. T. Ellis. C. F. Fischer, James
Folger, F. T. Furey. F. W. Ilaliy. F. B.
HalRht. H. Haunch F. E. Heath. Howard it
Reynolds, William Hunt. A. Klst, A. H. W.
Koerber. George L. Lewis, Lowe & Wllkins,
L. F. Mercellin. J." Montgomery , J. A. ilunro,
William Patton. J. W. Rew. Rhodes & Jami
son Dr. L. Schumon, F. E. Sparks. V. A.
Strom. Martin Strauss, Dr. L. W. Stldham,
William Zlngy.
Alameda Savings Bank. J. H. Ankele. E. H.
Anthony. W. P. Angelo. VV. R. Bacon, W.
Baehr. F. Bamman, J. B. Barber. A. S. Bar
ber, C. JJartlett J. C. Bates Jr., A. R. Baum.
A. Beach, W. E. Benedict, W. A. Blesell. E.
J. Ulandinjr. A. Blumberg, I. L. Borden. Q. O.
Bordwell. H. 8. Bramman, D. S. Brehaut B.
C. Brown, Herbert Brown. E. B. BullocV,
Edward A. Bunker.- Edwerd Burke. E. K.
Burrell, F. A. Busse, E. B. Carson, P. Chris
tensen. H. D. Clark. W. R. Cluness, S. B.
Connor. John Conrad. W. F. Cornell, B. F.
Cory, J. J. Crawford. J. M. Cremln, A. L.
Crane, George P. Curtis. F. Cuthbcrtson, T. G.
Daniels, H. Dankee. L.. T. David. A. A. Day
ton. A. B. Derby. O. E. Derby. F. W. d'Eve
lyn. E. B. Dunning. F. N. Eckley. G. W. Em
mons. Dally Ertclnal, J. C. Eschen, E. P. Fish,
C. Fltrslmmon*. G. L. Fltz, C. F. Fletter, U
Foard, George Forderer, W. C. Forsyth, G. H.
Fox, V. li. Frodden.
J Gale. C. C. Gardner. E. F. Gerald, J. W.
Glllogly. G. E. Goegln. J. L. Gould. F. B,
Graven J. Grcig, J. E. Greppin. C. W. GriCfln.
G. Gutsch. H. C. Hacke. F. B. Halght, F. W.
Hally F. " A. Hammernhlth. C. J. Hammonil.
W Hammond Jr.. William Hammond. C. C.
Hanley J. B. Hanley, H. P. Hanscn, J. F. Han
*en, W. H. Heamdon, A. D. Harrison, Ss H. H«s
lett. A. G. Hegben. W. O. Henn, H. Heinsohn'
J. Henkenius. Captain J. Hickey, G. F. Hii
drelh, D. Hirsehfeld. W. B. Hodges. E. Holden,
E. J. Holt, L. J. Holton. J. S. Hopkins. Krank
Hewlett, H. T. Jackson, L. H. Jacobl. J. D.
Jamison. J. Janaen, Er D. Judd, E. ET Johnson.
L. W. Kllene. Jose Knowland, J. R. Know
land. W. B. Kollmyer, J. < Konigahofer. L.
Konig^hofer. F. K. Krautb, B. F. Lambsrn,
H. Landsberger. J. D. Langhorn, ' J. B. Lank
tree. F. M. Inland. M. Lemecke. A. X. . Lewis.
T. W. Leydecker, F. LInderman, H. W. Lobt.
H. S. Landon. S. J. Loop. Oswald Lubbock,
F T. McComber. G. McConnell, n. McFarland
J. H. McNutt. A. Mackle.F. Macpherson, D.
W. Martin. E. W. Maslln. G. H. Mast'.ck.
LlMle Mastlck. Frederick Maurer, U W.
Metzger, C. F. Michaels. R. Minor, E. O. Moel
ler, H. B. Montague, G. A. Moore, CVMoul
thorp. D. P. Munthe.G. H. Murdick.
C. 8. Neal, G. F. J Newell. C.Jtottna gel ¦ W.
H. Noy, F. Otis. Edgar Painter, L. Palmer,
J. F. Parr, J. B. Paul Jr.. G. H. Payne. Mrs.
G. Payne W. E.'Pettes. G. Plummer, W. Po
liteo. W. H. Pollard. H. M. Pond. C. D. Pon
tel, A. M. Prcsser. F. W. Ray. J. A. Remmel,
George Renner, G. P. Reynolds. A. Rich, C.
H. Roeder. W. W. Rogers. J. W. . Sanford, A.
M. Schmidt. W. F. Schulte. H. ; Schneider D.
G. Scofleld. B. T. Scott. G. W. Scott. Mrs. G.
Scott. W. K. Bcott. J. A. Sheeran,' L. Simon,
L. 8. 6imon. A. Blnnett. J. H. Skinner. C. R.
Smith, E. Minor Smith. F. D. Smith. J. Frfimlth.
O. Soderwell, A. A. Stafford. F. O. Stallman,
W. B.'- Stephens. F; H. Stocker. George Sturte
vant. D. D. Sutphen..O. Thelme.-J. de P. Tel
ler, P. S. Teller. J. Tibbatts. C. L. Tilden C.
L. Tisdale. M. M. Tuft, E. S. Troill, G. H.
Tyeon, Mrs. G. Tyson, R. J. Tyson, A. L.
A'alleau, ; F.' Van Meter. L. Van Orden F. .Van
Slcklen. J. B. Vosburg. J. H. Walker. G. H.
¦Ward. Henry Ward, G. Watterson.. L.. Wein
mann. H. Wlchman, H. Wllkle. George Wright,
C. F. Young, G. B. Young, J. H. Young, F. R.
Zlel. /
The officers of the Alameda Advance
ment Association are: President,
George W. Scott; vice president, George
E. Plummer; treasurer, Bank of Ala
meda; financial secretary, George
Sturtevant; secretary. Elmer E. John
son; directors— George W. Scott. C. S.
Neal, J. J. Konigshofer. P. S. Teller.
E. R. Anthony, F. W. d'Evelyn, George
E. Plummer. The following constitute
the membership of the association td
date:
that Alameda will rise to the occa
sion."
If for any cause THE CALL is not de
livered rejrularly to subscriber* pleas*
call no "CAI.Ii S2CCHA2TGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk in charre. Tour com
plaint will receive prompt attention.
A standing reward of Ten Dollars
($10.00) is offered for the arrest and
conviction of any one cauffht stealing
TEE CALL.
Notify The Call Office If Yon Mis$
Yonr Par>cr.
TEX DOLLARS REWARD.
Earnest Advancement Association, Cultured Adelphians and Wide-Awake West
Enders Enlist Energy and Patriotism in Important Work.
CHARACTERISTIC ARCHITECTURAL FEATURES OF ALAMEDA, INCLUDING NEW CHURCHES AND OTHER STRUCTURES.
An incident occurred yesterday on tKe
steamer Goldffi Gate. While the Chinese
representatives were waiting the timo
to meet the Gaelic they were photo
graphed by an enterprising newspaper
artist; the wind displaced the skirt of
# one of them and his endeavors to keep
a straight face to the camera and re
place the disturbed skirt were Interest
ing indeed and strictly characteristic. of
the true Oriental who buys his gas range
from, the S. F. Gas and Electric Co., 415
Post street. ¦ ' •
The officers of the, West End Ala
meda' Improvement 'Association . are:
Ti'R*- Smith,^president; N.I C Hawks,
first vice president; ->: George : Renner,
second vice president: H.: G. Mehrtens,
secretary ; Thomas > Banks, < treasurer.
On ; all > its* letter ! heads ' the association
publishesla.brief statement of;Its'pur
poses.whlch is aa follows: "The object
of i this association is, by iunited effort,
to "improve -conditions : in Jour beautiful
city * and t to P promote its development
and: settlement."?^; M; V ' J*: .""'
:v;That;isa good aim for Alameda and
all Alamedans.'
"We need , a good roadway between
Alameda and Oakland. We have
tried to induce the people to plant
palms in Alameda, in which direction
the Adelphi Club is strongly interest
ed. To promote improvement work
in Alameda County, a meeting of all
improvement associations of the coun
ty has been called and a county asso
ciation may be formed to take, con
certed action when the interests of
the entire county are concerned. '
"Our t association wishes to have
Webster street raised two feet," said
the secretary. "There shbuld be a
sixty-foot roadway on that street. We
are working at this time, also, for
the establishment of recreation
grounds in Alameda. There are
many tracts of sufficient size in the
city that are available for such use.
There should be one on the bay shore
to combine" salt, water bathing ad
vantages and recreation facilities.
Alameda. is going ahead. We have
just built a new church, the'Presby
terian; the Conffregationalists will
soon start to build a handsome struc
ture; the Methodists are .talking of a
new church. All that Alamada needs
is co-operation at home and knowl
edge abroad of what we have to offer
to make life pleasant. Co-operation
we are securing; publicity will follow.
Work is necessary." ¦/ , ,-¦-:¦
The following are the members of
the West End Alameda Improvement
Association: /
L. B Abraham, EJ J. Allan, P. Adler, A.
Alvaree William Brandes, H. Ballhelner. A.
Bate J. Brown W. BettaYe,. T. H. Bruus, W.
H Black, T. A. Black. K. Brand, T. Bargones,
T* C Babcock. M. Bugbie, A. Bendlxon. ¦ O.
Braw'ltt, J. N. Bird, E. E. Blake, P. Burks.
W Behren3 J. J. Cambridge. J. K. Clark. J.
G Croll F. S. Cone, A.. V. Clark, J. A. Carl,
T Carpenter, A. II. Danke, J. Dunn, William
Dennis J. E. Damon, William Dletsch, George
Dennis " J H. Dungan, T. L. Ellis. William
Eckstein. V. M.' Fredden. J. L. Faust. J. E.
Fiisher B. Frank, J. IT. Ford?rer, G. M. Pul
ton a V. Fisher, R: M. Grant. S. S. • Green,
I, Gotthelm. K. S. Grant, C. Gollnsky. M. C.
Hawks, A. Hacker, H.. Haunch. J. Hanby, H.
I» Hackey, J. Hassler. M. Hasaelareu. William
Horst, F- O. Hunter, George Hlckman. J.F.
Hardeau.J. H. Harrisburger, G. Hartman. L.
Hopkin, C. Hanby, C. C. Hughes. J. W.'Hoag.
William- Hammond Jr.. Humboldt Lumber
Company, - G W. Johnston.- H. Jantzan, P.
Jorgenson. J. H... Young, E. L. Jungfiush, P.
Jchanson. Georsr^ .Jansi^n, Charles Kane, P.
Klanau, J. J. Knight. William Kopke, P. S.
Kelly. Charles Hull: A. H. Krltfr. •
H. Kaufman, J. R. Kumland, J. O. Lubben,
W . Leiseu, B. F." Lamburn," C. R. . Leech, H.
G ' Mehrtens, F. Moore. William Meyer. O. R.
Miller. J.D. McDonald. H.'Muller. -D.'Mul
ler William Vivier. J.~- E. McCollock, W. Mul
ler' George Melneker.. S. D. McHenry, A. Man
taste T.B. Marshal,. A. Mayrlst, G. H.
Mrsters D. -Martin; A. Mackler. D. J. Mc-
Carthy,' O. Mysell E. Melneker, J. Nekon, D.
NlBedn sE. H. Makare, Nory, E. B.
Owens M. H.i Owens, E. O'Brien, W. J.' Pe
ters A .H. - Paterson. E. J. Probst, H. . M.
Pond ' P. W. Ryer. A: E. Ridley. H. V.
Keeven. George* Relja. E. B. Relja. J. F.
Relhelt, J Relnecker. George Rosmario, H.
Rowkon, J': ; Rohan.i J. William Roberts. Mr.
Relmer, W. J. 8herra,' J. -H. Saunders, J.
Sanford, C R. Smith, I George Schelurr.'L. L.
Schuler, Charles Sturm; H. Strolzenberg. J.
H Sommera W. , H. ' Schcrree. H. Schrelber.
J Lertack K. G. Schwartz. M. Scheerlnsky.
C Simpson. G /L. Schmidt, -W. A. Scheera. L.
p" ; Trausur « H.: Tank; C. H. Tllden, A. -To
mas. R. B.'Tappen. A. H. Thompson. T. Vic
tors, C. C. Vollberg. J. M. Weld, •. Oecrge Wil
liams George Wheeler, ' J. ¦ WHUs, M. H.
Wright. G." T. Wright. A. H.' Weinhart. J. P.
Wright -S.' Watson; A: H. Wally, F.t W.
Worst ' I*. C. .Wobdman, L. , E. , Wersen. J. A.
MeGorman. William Painter. G. . W. Scott, W.
•p.\wiuop<jSnHCHBHHttBBMBH8BSIi^^j
Secretary H. G. Mehrtens spoke for
the West End Alameda Improvement
Association. "One of our purposes,"
said Mehrtens, "is .to induce people
to live in the west, end of Alameda.
We include all Alameda, however, in
our efforts, and are interested strongly
In the welfare of the entire : city. We
have been working to have the- rail
road tal^en . off Webster street. Tlv*
Oakland Board of Trade, the Alameda
Advancement Association, and. many
citizens are lined up in support of
this proposition, which is calculated to
be of great benefit to both Alameda
and Oakland. ',
don. Mrs. J. G. Smith. Mrs. E. O. Smith, Mrs.
W. O - Smith Mm. Louis Simons Mrs. Mary
-Serex Mrs. C. I*.' TiBdale, Miss Blanche Tis
dale Mrs. W. 6. Tlbbetts,. Mrs. P. S. Trailer.
Mrs! George H. Tyson, Mrs. Charles E. Tabor.
Mrs. James Tyson Mrs.-J. C. Siegfried, Mr*.
Alfred Taylor, Mrs. L. Van Orden. Mrs. A.
Victors, Mrs. F. W. Voogt. Mrs. F. Vf \ an
Slcklen, Mrs. George W. Voogt. Mrs. Olive
Vale Mils Grace Wastcll, Mrs. D. H. Weeks,
MrB. D Wright, Mrs. E. Webster. Mrs. K.
J. Whitney. Mrs. W. A. "Wilson. Mrs. Louis
Ward, Mrs. C. H. Wever. Mrs. George A.
"Wright, Mrs. J. A. Waymire. Mrs. Fred
White. Mrs. Walter J. Wilson/ Miss E. West
gate. Mre. Louis Weinman. Mrs. J. H. W Itte,
Mrs. C. F. Young:. Mrs. L. C. Young. Mrs.
J. N. Young. Mrs. F. B." WeekB and Mrs. Wll
kle'Hcmer. 'y'-.'' r \
In response r , to General MacArthur'a
inquiries, General Lauck stated that
he would be able to furnish about 2000
men for the maneuvers, provided the
time is set during the latter part of
August. or September. , It was agreed
that the latter part of August would
be the' most suitable time, and Gen
eral Lauck took his departure, after re
ceiving assurance from ¦ General Mac-
Arthur that he would soon • submit
plans for the maneuvers to the military
department of the State.
General MacArthur says it. is his
intention to devote fifteen days to the
maneuvers, which he purposes to have
take place on some site in the "Interior
of the State, to be " selected by him.
Doubtless the location will ,be one of
the sites recently considered by the
army board, while it was searching for
a permanent camping ground. The Na
tional Guardsmen will go into the camp
on a footing with the regular troops,
of which it is contemplated to drill
several thousand, and will be thor
oughly instructed under the eye of
army experts in the maneuvers of war
fare and camp life. During their ser
vice in camp the guardsmen will re
ceive the same pay and rations as the
regular troops, ample provisions being
made in the.Dick bill for their care on
such occaelo'ns.
Major General MacArthur, command-
Ing the Department of California, held
a- conference yesterday with Adjutant
General Lauck of the National Guard
relative to a plan, which the former has
under consideration, for the co-opera
tion of the State troops with those of
the regular army in a" series of field
maneuvers during the latter part of
August, as provided for in the recently
adopted Dick bill. **
The bodies of two men who are
supposed to have sought death by
means of carbon monoxide are at the
Morgrue, and in both cases financial
embarrassment is believed to have
been responsible for their desire to
end life's battle.
James" McGinty, a waiter, had a
room at 118% Ellis street,* but as he
was two months in arrears with his
rent. the landlord, Joseph Collin, told
him to quit # and locked the door of
his room last Friday. McGinty re
tained the key of the room. He at
tended the ball of the Cooks' and
"Waiters' Alliance at 111 Turk street
on Saturday night and then went back
to the room he had been ordered to va
cate. Yesterday morning Collin dis
covered that gas was escaping from
the room, and when he opened the door
he found McGinty dead. The body was
removed to the Morgue by Deputy Cor
oner Fennell. McGinty was a member
of the Cooks' and Waiters' Alliance
and his body will be interred by that
organization. He was about 40 years of
age.
P. Finnan rented a room at 214
Third street between three and four
o'clock on Saturday 'afternoon. Yes
terday morning Mrs. Sadie Whelage,
the housekeeper, opened the door to
make the bed and found the room full
of gas which was escaping from an
open jet. Finnan was in bed breath
ing: heavily and a telephone message
was sent to the Central Emergency
Hospital for the ambulance. When
it reached the house Finnan had
breathed his last. From papers found
by Deputy Coroner Fennell. Finnan,
who .was about 35 years of age, had
apparently been in Manila till last Oc
tober. There was a letter of introduc
tion from Walter E. Thompson, "of
fice of the Depot Commissary,
Manila," dated October 8, to Phil. E.
Scheu, 34 Market street. Another
letter from J. Finnan, St. Mary's Col
lege, Oakland, dated March 29 last,
was' addressed "P. Finnan, U. S. Com
missary, 103 Market street, San Fran
cisco." ' It referred to a loan made by
the writer to Finnan and insisted
upon the amount being paid. A pawn
ticket for a gold watch, dated April
13, was rilso found. He used to live
at 214 First street.
Conference Is Held With Ad
jutant General Lauck Ee
garding Field Practice
Both Seemed to Have Been
in the Same Condition of
Financial Embarrassment
LOOKING FOR THE SITE
GAS IS TUENED ON FULL
General MacArthur Is Plan
ning to Take State Guard
Into a Fifteen Days' Camp
Two Men in Prime of Life
Tall Victims to Deadly
Fumes of Carbon Monoxide
WILL MANEUVER
WITH REGULARS
SEEK SURCEASE
FROM SORROWS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, APRIL 18, .190^.
7
AMTJBEIgENTS.
A T <O A 17 T> Belasco & Maver.
ALL AZAK u°£v£.
General Manacer.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SUN.,
- FIRST STOCK PRODUCTION.
The Frisky
Mrs. Johnson
CLYDE FITCH'S BRILLIANT COMEDY,
WRITTEN FOR AMELIA BINGHAM.
Evg., 25c to 75c; Mats.. Sat. & Sun..' 25c to 50c.
NEXT MONDAY. The Famous Comedy.
400th week of the- THE WEWJTAWV
ALCAZAR STOCK CO. 1 HE NCW VLVTTn.
Market Street. Near Eighth.. Phone, South 533
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK. f
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
; The Greatest of All Naval Dramas.
The White Squadron
Mammoth Production! Majrnlflcent Scenery!
... Gorgeous Ccstume»t ;
15O— PEOPLE IN CAST— 150
Brilliant Spectacle of the Congress* of the
Navlea!
N Sailors of AH Nations! »
. Uncle Sam's Matchless Jack Tars!!
DDITKC .Evenings.... 10c to 50c
ifilvCJ Matinees ...7. .10c, 15c, 25c
Next— THE STILL ALARM-
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEtBUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense
of $200,000— New Management — ENTIRELY
FIREPROOF. .
LOCATION— Very ' accessible to street car
l'.oes. theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN. :
223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several orlvate rooms In antique decorations.
Turkish Baths In Hotel. •;..
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. De SteJ-
cer. Chef, formerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales. ' .
.HOTEL ORCHESTRA; Telephone Connec-
tions In every. room; long distance connections
made with any part of the coast. "' ~
¦ ; Wire : for ' reservations, at our expense.
,: HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. Wash.
-¦'¦' - .- *•"*'*'. ' ' • ' ¦ \
PaUlf.* DON'T TAIL JO
I aiaVV *ith« beautiful
- ¦ ¦ : — .• •• j : . • COURT . Lounging
/Hlfl room, tin EMPIRB
« UI * PAR VO R, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
Jirand louisxv par.
¦-«*»¦!»: LOR, and the LA-
O J. 1 DIES' WRITING
Hotels ro<5m;
POSTUM CEREAL.
D1DXT LIKE IT.
Soon Found Why.
Coffee has a terrible hold on some
people.
"About 8 years aeo I was a great
sufferer from 6toaiach trouble; my liver
was all out of fix and a wise doctor
forbid tea and coffee. At that time I
was so weak I could hardly walk, ab-
solutely poisoned.
"One day I noticed Postum in the
store and having read about it I bought
a package and made some. I did not
like it but tried it again and followed
direction* carefully. It was not long be-
fore I liked it better than any other
drink and it has brought me out of all
the old coffee troubles, too.
"I can now eat what I want, am
strong and healthv and the effects of
Postum on me were so good all our
family soon drank it.
"In summer when the weather is hot
I do' not have that 'all gone' feeling
now* for when I drink a cup of Postum
it refreshes and strengthens but never
has the bad after-effect like coffee.
"Postum is like everything else — it
needs to be made right and there is no
better way than the directions on the ,
package." Name given by Postum Co.;
Battle Creek; Mich.
>There'e a reason.
Look in each package for the famous
little book. "The Road to Well ville."
AlffUgEMENTS. .
MAJESTIC THEATER
Phone South 452.
. TO-NIGHT- AND ALL WEEK.
MAT. SAT. at 2:15.
| ISABEL IRVING
In "Winston Churchill's Great Flay,
"THE CRISIS"
Box Office open 10 a. m. to 10 p. m.
CALIFORNIA
AOM — — TO-ITICHT— s^t
America's Greatest Actress,
I 'ROSE COQHLiAN 1
taj In Her Latest and Best Success m
I THS OiEATB8T TEUU 15 T3S WOKLD *
Bf A Superb Cast. Magnificent Gowna. *1
a E2CTBA — 3SXT STHTD AT 3
H Sam -S. Shubert ' and Nixon & Zimmer- B
M man present their Musical Comedy 9
¦ A GISL FBOM DZZZS «2
M By Harry B. Smith, author of "Robin B
Si Hood." The Orlzta»l New Tork Madt- I
KJ son Square Theater Co. 60 Singing I
¦ Artiste — 60. I!lg Beauty Chorus — 11 I
a Stunning Show Girls — Great Double ¦
gi. Male Quartet. ¦~"' : m
f*ftl fc9A&19fl4& m FMCBC3!
vULvivIyjIM LEADisa mxm
TWO WEEKS.. 'T'|>IVinHT f
BEGINNING I V>"il IVlll 1 •
Mr.: Fred Nlblo Announces Nightly. Including
Sunday — Matinee Saturday.
And a Big Company in the Musical Comedy,
RUNNING FOR OFFICE
(By Georze M. Cohan.)
1 I VU LI house. .
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY
TO-NIGHT— THIS WEEK OVXiT,
Mtllocke/s Fasclnatinj Comic Opera
TUC ' A DELIGHTFUL
I ML PERFORMANCE
BEGGAR ir RSED
STUDENT p pS^. s c and
USUAL TIVOLJ PRICES — 25c, COc. 75c.
Box and Mezzanine Seats. $1.0O.
Monday Neat— For One Week Only — WHEN
JOHNNY COMES MARCHING HOME.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
- '3— WEEKS OICT/r— 2
j TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK— *
KOLB AND DILL
BARNEY BERNARD
WINFIELD BLAKE
-MAUDE AMBER
HOPE AND EMERSON
HOITY-TOITY
NEXT WEEK— FIPDLE-DEE-DEE. WHIR1>
I-GIG and BIG, LJTTLE PRINCESS
PRICES— 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c.
. ' ' '
VAUDEVILLE SPELLBINDERS
' Wilfred Clark* and Company; Etbel Le-
vey IJOr*. George M. Cohan) ; Tony WU-
son and Heloise; Mile. Amor o», assisted
by Kile. Charlotte; 4 Mortons; Edmund
{ Day and Company; Ellii-Nowlan Trio;
NFlo Adler and Orphenm Motion Pic-
tures, showing 1 . a complete reproduc-
tion of the
OPERA OF "FAUST."
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 23o
and tiOc.- " l__i»
An Event Indeed. '
To-Night— Big Change.
A Tremendous Laushins Success.
EVERYWHERE.
GttOW- OHOW
Uproariously Funny.
"Richard F. Carroll..
John P. Kennedy.
•'Ben T. Dillon.
Roy Alton.
Frank ' Mostyn. Kelly. . .
Helen Kutscll.
Nellie Lynch.
30 Pretty Girls — Prize Beauties.
Atl the Latest Novelties. ,
• Special Scenery — Elesant Appointments.
A Mammot!< Programme of Song. Dan^
Mirth and Jotllficstlon.
Thursday. April 28— A. O. F. Theater Party.
A GREAT SHOW
Every Afternoon and Evening In the
Theater.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATURE tLECTRIC HAILROAO
Esmeralda and Her' BABY MOVKEY In tha
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
INSPECT CABARET DE LA MORT.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
-, '¦• Admission. lCc; Children. 5c.
7 ./When Phoning Ask for "The Chute.3."
Racing !ji§|^BacinT!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
. NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
' Racing Each Week • Es Rain or Shi a*, i*
Six or More Races Daily. {
• Races commence at 2:13 p. m. sharp. ¦_
For special trains stopple* at the track tak*
8. P Ferry, loot of Market streaU.at 12. 12:3<*
1-00 1 :'M or 2 o'clock. No amokins in last two
cars! 'which.' act reserved for Udlt» r t94 tittif
escorts. • ' *¦"««. .
Returnlnx trains leave traek at 4:10 an4
« :«S and Immediately after . tn« last . ract.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President
. PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
DR.PIER0E5
DISCOVERY
• FOR THE '
rfLOOD.LIVER.I-DNCS;THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, APRIL 18, 1904.
8
JOK2T X>. SPKECKELS. Proprietor.
Tttr^TEEMicaiioM is IQHS^cMUG^TJKaiiagr
%V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TKS DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Offlcc If You Miss
Your Pajjer.
Zf tot any cau«e THE CALL is not de-
livered regularly to subscribe!- please
call up "CALL EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk in charre. Tour com-
plaint will receive prompt attention.
A standinar reward of Ten Dollars
<S10.00) is offered for tie arrest and
conviction cf any ons caujrht stealing
THE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Wlsn.
Publication Office Market and Third, S. ~.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson et
Delivered fcy Carriers. 20 Cts. Per "Week. 73
Cls. Per Month. Single Copies B*-* 0 **^.^
Terms by Mail. Including Postage <.Ca*h Wltn
Order) : „-
DAILT CALL (Includ. Sunday), 1 y*«---W*
DAILT CALL tlnclud. Sunday). 6 mo» \w
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <•*
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Tear *•??
S8£igg_. { S£gs>>_jg r/r ieX g£
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mail subscribers In ordering change of ad-
dress should be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
•aest.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
HIS Broadway .Telephone Main «1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
214S Center Street Telephone North 1 •
WASHINGTON' CORRESPONDENT:
EAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31
fnion Square; Murray HIM Hotel; Fifth-ave-
nue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel; Tmnont House; Auditorium
Houl; ra!m .er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROONESS..Marquette Building
<lx,ng Distance Telephone. "Central 2613.")
NEW TOP.K REPRESENTATIVE.
STEPHEN B. BMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTOX Herald S<juar»
DUStKESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock even* night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
3(Ki« Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. tn.
627 Montgomery etreet, corner Clay; open
artll :':Jn p tn.
"Ct> Hayes street: open until 9:.T0 p. m.
Ca McAli; e ter street; open until 9:30 p. m.
DU Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
:m: Mittlon etreet: open until 10 p. m.
H'tl Market Eiret-t. corner Sixteenth; open
until t p. in.
JC6 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
IW6 Valencia street ; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until » p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty -yecond and Ken-
tucky Ftreets; opea until 9 p. m.
J2C0 Flllmore etreet: open until 0 p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
TOU THE SUMMER.
CALL subscribers contemplating' a
chanre of residence Juria? the summer
*nc_t_s can have their oaper forwarded
by mall to their aew address by notify-
;ae 7 HE CAXZi Business Ofilce. This
oaper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented by a local
agent in all towns on the coast.
MEETING NOTICES.
ASVLUM OF GOLDEN GATE Com- . ¦*>.
mandery No. IB. K. T.. <^. r . Sutter Bt. TBS^
—Stated assembly THIS EVENING E3
at fc o'clock. By order of the com- Uf
mander. THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1, Royal _
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. VSf
Uuslnecs and decrees 5 and 6. /?>
EL G. PIUNCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING ttyy
7:30; second degree. By order of the
master.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodire No. 260. F. e
«nd A. M— 1SJ9 Fillmore Ft. Third VV
dt-gree THIS (MONDAY) EVENING /V\
at 7:30 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, L O. _J_"i._
0. F. — In!tintinn TO-MORROW -j^WBlfcC* 5 -
tJipnday) EVENING. Visitors ij&25^ff
cordially welcome.
D. M. BIRRELL, N. O.
C. W. CLIFTON. R. S.
COSMOPOLITAN Lodge No. 194. _sj_T*_.
1. O. O. F.— The rfnepr* and -•>j$£_Jraife
ni' mbrf of thi!= Irxlre t,r* hPT-»by = J:gC?_2-?
notified to assemble in Remem-
brenre Ui.ll Odd Fellows' building, on
MONDAY. April 18, at 1:30 p. m.. for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother JOSEPH D. RODERICK.
A. L. ERWIN. N. O.
A. J. CLEART, R. S.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Sierra Railway Company of California
»ill be held at the offlces of the company.
No. 220 Crocker building. City and County
cf San Francisco, State of California, on
MONDAY, the hth day of February, 1904, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
of electing director* for the ensuing year
and the transaction of such other business as
may come befcre said meeting. Dated al
Kan Franolnco, Cal., January 23, l»Oi. S.
I). FRESHMAN. Secretary.
The above meeting adjourned until April
11th. l!»04, at 11 o'clock a. m.
Feb. S. 190*. S. I). FRESHMAN, Sec'y.
The above meeting adjourned until Juiy
11th. 1904. at 11 o'clock a., m.
April 11. l»04. S. D. FRESHMAN, Sec'y.
NOTICE of annual meeting of Mercantile Trust
Company of Etn Francieco — The regular an-
nual meeting of the Stockholders of the
Mercantile Trust Company of fan Francisco
will be held on WEDNESDAY. April 27,
1904, at 12 o'clock noon, at the office of
the company. 4G4 California street. San
Francisco, California, for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
enfj.ng year, and for the transaction of such
other butlnets as may come before the meet-
ir;.
Transfer bocks will close on Saturday.
April 16, ,1904, at 12 o'clock noon
Dfcted Aorll 11. 1RO4.
JOHN P. McKEE. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the shareholders of
the Fan Franci«co Gas and Electric Com-
pany for the election or directors and the
transaction of such other business as rosy
come before it w'll !>e held at the office of
the company. 415 Pert r\... In the city of San
Francisco, Cal., «t 1 :30 o'clock p. m.. April
26. 1904 The transfer book* of the com-
imn> will be closed frcm April 16 to and in-
cluding April 26. UW4.
€Si~ ic<Jl CHAS. L. BARRETT. Cec
Dated S»n Francisco, April 12. 1904.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages. *cnt to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $L
no*tar» p«id.
AGENTS WAATED.
FOl'R asente, $2 to (4 per day. 530 Golden
Gate ave.. rocm 12.
AfiVEBTXSETffEVT WEITTST*.
HAVING ¦ recently acquired through exchange
of property Uiree |40 scholarships In the bent
College c; Advertising in the United States.
I will well them at 25 per cent discount for
«'Rfh; the college teaches advertidng writ-
Ing by cerr espondence and aeirlsts Its grad-
uaW to fw-ut* po«!tlonf>: catalogues fur*
r'yhed on application. Addregy box S02B. Call. !
*t-'iuMuHiii;». •
FOR SALE — A. Pierce n-.otorette. little awed;
all in' good condition: will sell reasonable.
Box :$0S7. Call office.'
SECOND-HAND automobiles In first -clam
chip* for sale cheap. Inquir* at 20 Golden
Gate ave. : phone Howard 871. • •
RAMBLER automobile for Eale] Box 'MM,
Call cltcc.
_m?SIXESS CHANCES Contlnned.
a'— STRANGERS,' ATTENTION'! ~"~
Are you looking for a safe and profitable
business opening In San Francisco? if so,
we can offer you any number requiring an
investment from $lCv to $50,000: every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our of-
fice must stand the closest Investigation, and
we can place you in a store, factory, hotel,
mill, office., or, in fact, any business you
may prefer. . * " .
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market st.
A— BANK AND COMMERCIAL references.
GERMANIA INVEST CO... 027 Market St.
A GOOD OPENING
For a youpg roan who can Invest $500 ' In a
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary; Invest-
ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market st.
A— WE WIIJL, FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. D27 Market St.
A— SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTATION.
A business man who can invest $5000 cash,
with services, can secure good opening with
hlgh-clars company In this city..
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market St.
A-jWE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market St.
A— HOTEL FOR SALE. ~
New and modern; 8« rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large dln-
l ing-room with 16 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs: the best carpets money can buy.
throughout; finest linen and best silver ser- v
vice; 10 y«srs' lease; $10,000: easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 827 Market st,
A— WE CAN SELL~~YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market st
A— ?100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar wljo Invested
any money In or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California. "
Canltal stock,' $50,000. \
027 Market St.. rooms 321. 322, 323, 324.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMAXIA INVEST CO., 027 Market st.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and unward: no "jret-
' rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years In S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., »27 Market St.
A — WE refer to 10.000 successful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market st.
A— A SAFE INVESTMENT! '
J1000 cash and services secure Interest and
office of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references given and required
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market St.
A— WE CAN SKLL YOUR BUSINESS.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS?' ATTENTION!
Do you -wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will invest frcm $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
OERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A— Largest brokerage company on Pacific Coast
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
A — THE BRST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of tho Northern Bay
Co.. 525: will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
OERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market Bt.
$12."> — PARTNER wanted In broker's and In-
surance office: experience not necessary; must
have some references; good opening. 1007^4
Market st., room 1.
STOCK or bond issue of reputable corporation,
mining or Industrial, wanted, for selling on
commission; give particulars. P. O. box
14(53. New York City.
DELICACY Eto're In center of good business lo-
cality; established over 3 years; a paying
business: good reasons for wanting to leave.
Box 3. r ><'fl. Cal! office.
WANTED — Intelligent man. $10,000 capital,
can fij>d good opportunity to buy In an old
established manufacturing concern; good prof-
its; strlotent inve*tleatlons. Box 1204, Call. ,
DELICATESSEN for sale at a sacrifice; ccm-
plete ready for business; living rooms In
rear.' A. B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 12S-
13S Ellis st.
HORSESHOEING, general -blacksmith shop;
low rent, large shop; stock, tools for sale
cheap: part cash: must sell; owner sick.
Pacific Business Association. 114S Market st.
FOR sale — Neatly furnished dental parlor, with
rood business: reason for selling party must
leave for the East. Address DR. MICHAEL,
402 Third St. ¦ '
A GROCERY store for sale; good family trade;
owner retiring from business; rent reason-
able: 15 years in business. Owner, 1231 Park
st., Alameda. Cal.
FOR SALE — A small hotel. furnished, on
Beach Hill. Santa Cruz; also furnished cot-
tase for rent. Address "J. S.." 66 Wash-
ington St.
WANTED — To lease a hotel; country preferred.
Box 4143. Call office.
BAKERY at a bargain If sold this week; slck-
. ness cause of selling; baking 10 barrels a
week; rt-nt $25. 170 Second Et. .
$550 — ESTABLISHED business; money "refund-
ed if not* satisfactory. 510 Telegraph ave.,
Oakland.
$r..".O — CASH business, established trade and
automobile delivery. There Sunday, 510
Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
BR. BAKERY; 4 nice living rooms; stock: re-
ceipts about T4 dally; rent $15; price $150.
121 Valencia st.
GROCERY and saloon and 20-room furnished
house; 5 years' lease; parties going East. Ap-
ply 27 Minna st.
NOTICE, hotel men, notice — Furnished hotel,
24 beds, with bar;- mining town: give 3-year
lease; rent $50. G. A. SPARKS, Reddlng.Cal.
PARTNER — Established business; averaging
$1K5 monthly; can be extended: no losses;
only $G00 required. Box 1726, Call office.
$liC0^ — GROCERY and bar; horse and wagon
and living rooms attached; tn Western Addi-
tion; for f<i If. Box S086, Call office.
WANTED — A general merchandise store In a
small town In California; mining town pre-
ferred. Box 3013. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a hay and grain business
either whole or half Interest. Address, with
particulars, box 3578,. Call office.
$1000 — DELICACY store: average receipts over
$22 50 per day; -best location In city. Box
41. S3, Cail office.
SALOON for sale. 3087 Sixteenth st.
$450 — Second-hand furniture store, crockery and
books. 323 Fifth st. • .
_
FOR sale — Delicatessen store on a prominent
street: eood trade. Box 3027, Call office.
WANTED — A delicatessen store; well estab-
lished. Box 4247. Call office. _^ ;
WANTED — To buy a dairy with pasture and
stock; vp'.ve full particulars. Box 4131, Call.
$1000 OR more earns large dividends; substan-
tial company; no scheme. Box 1299, Call.
$175 — FINE corner cigar stand; line stock;
gocd trade; see owner. 118 Third st.
GERMAN or American partner with $1000;
mfg.. business; $2U0 month. Box 1351, Call.
WANTED — Good carpenter as partner; plenty
. work. 3373 Eighteenth st.
AGENTS In every town; splendid money-'
maker. Call or address room 34. 421 Market.
PATENT for sale. 1606 Mission st. -
DELICATESSEN and restaurant; . : flrft- class
. location. Apply 414 Jones «t. . . ¦
FOR sale — Grocery and bar; $1100; good loca-
tion. Box 1733. Call. • N ,.
$350 — CANDY and Icecream store,- 2593 Mission
st. Inquire at 2708 Twenty-fourth st. .
FOR SALE^ — Horseradish grinding and delicat-
essen business. 2401 Mission st. - -
$10,000 CASH only: sawmill In good locality
for sale. Box 15S8. Call. -\ :
OYSTER and chop' house for sale: cheap rent;
good location: living rooms.' 1 Eighth ;«t.
DELICATESSEN— Will sell cheap: leaving city
on account of sickness. Box lfinfj,' Call office.
WANTED — Men with some capital to . take
positions In new company .¦¦ . Box 3503, . Call.
BAD! tenants ! ejected- for $4: collections made;
. city cr country. . Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. .'Main 5580
V; CREDIT CI.OT~~_afc3.
C F. ADAMS CO.' . ""-."•' " ¦ ¦¦"";
SPECIAL, CREDIT. STORE.
We ; clothe the ' whole : family, from - hats • to
shoes; everything- up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. . 31S Mason -st. , .-.'r; .:--
C-OTHTWCr SESOVATT-Qv
I SUITS ; cleaned and 4 ' pressed; ¦ $1;. scouring and
• dyeing. : • Bon Marcbe. ' 40. Ellis st;- room 14-
l>ho&« Drumm 4 i. Call for and deliver Xree,
ATTOnXKVS-AT-LAW.
~~~~" ." " ADVICE FREE
Columbian Low _ Coll. 'Aecy.. r. S5/* 016
M-rket: rihcne John «22ti: open evenings;
transacifc at most reasonable rates all legit-
imate law business: bonds furnished In crim-
inal and civil casei?: small collections taken.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
Eee me and save money: no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
EftaMit-hed 22 yrs.: rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & .1." 1st fl.
1122 Markit Ft., between Mason and Taylor.
Acv'ce free all matters. Detectives employed.
II. W. KING. At:orney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
Cth floor, entrance room Hit; established V«
years: all t _ses. general court and office prac-
tice: no fee In advance cr for consultation;
evening)" by appointment. Tel. Rvd 30til.
DIVORCE — Costs.. $12: quick, quiet; advice
f«-ee; open evenings. U27 Market St.. rm. 301.
(DIVORCE law a specialty-; no publicity; advice
free; cwts $12. Address B.A.S.. P.O.box 219a.
I L. S. CLAPJv. 927 Market st.; consultation
free; no fees In advance: open evenings.
HOARDING FOR CHILDREN^
WANTED — In a' Saratoga home, near Congress
Springs and the Interurban Railroad. Santa'
Clara Valley, three to five children to board;
refs. exchanged. Address box 174S. Call.
Bl'MXKSS CHAJTCE^
A— $2200: DAIRY produce and delicatessen
etore; established years; rent $55; monthly
sales about $1500; a first-class paving busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $750; CIGAR stand on Market St.; rent $06;
one of the best-located ctands and a business
where fullest Investigation is solicited; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny.
A — $S000; CORNER grocery and bar with 5
years" lease; rent $75; 2 horses; 2 wagons;
average cash store trade $2500 per month;
daily bar receipts $25; full value In sight;
location the best in the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny tt.
A— $450; PLUMBING and pasfitting shop on
Flllmore st.; re-nt $2t); owners must sell at
once ae they are *-ngai;ed in another busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $3000; GROCERY store; established many
years and doirc a large cash business:
located close to Market and Sixth sts.; a
good paying business; investigate and you
find a very rare business opening. Call It.
G. WILKE. 26U Kearny ft.
A — $C500; GRILL and barroom, with 8-ye?r
lease; rent $50; the loading business of its
kind in manufacturing town about GO miles
from S. F. : a rare chance for any live man
who wishes to make money; value In sight.
Call R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— $45<>: DELICATESSEN and pork store:
about 1 block south of Market: sales average
$550 per month ; owner has another business
and must sacrifice. Call R. G. WILKE. 2G>4
Kearny Et.
A— $1250; CORNER grocery store on Kearny
tt.; full value in sight: a splendid chan:e
for an Italian. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny ft.
' A^ — $750; SALOON on Montgomery st.; place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month: investigate: a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2C4 Kearny et.
A — $750; CORNER saloon on Howard et. : nafe.
cash register, pool table, etc. ; rent $30; 2
rooms; position of $200 per month accepted
by owner cause of sale. R. G. WILKE,
SC*a Kearny Bt. .
A— $.1000; CAFE and prill room in one of the
be«t located hotels of this city; rent $100: a
splendid chance for an active young man
knowing his business; lease; liberal terms
given. Ca!l R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $;;250; CORNER saloon on water front; rent
$S0. good lease: place established years; In
lanre brick building and doing an Al busi-
ness; disagreement of partners only cause of
sale. R. G. WILKE. 26U Kearny et.
A^$300b~CORNEK raloon "close" urban" bldg.' ;
3 years' lease; net rent 5120; this is one of
the best saloon locations in this city, artJ
a live man can dear $5cO per mor.th. Call
R. G. 'VVILKE, 26U Kearny st.
A — $13tiO: CORNER c'.car stand on Kearny:
rent $S5; lease; a good buMnesn; come and
investigate. It. G. WILKE. VC«^ Keanjy *t.
A— $1100; SALOON, with 3 rooms; close to
Kearn y and Bush sts.; rent $7o; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest *tock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and bar on
O'Fairell st. : place kept by present owners
8 years and dolr.g a good raying cash busi-
ness; fresh stock; value in sight. R. G.
WILKE. 2t5H Kearny st.
A— $6S0; CORNER bakery, with 4 living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of Market st. ;
will be KucriAt-ed if sold at once: owners to
leave city. Can R. G. WILKE. 2C'i Kearny.
A — J750; CANDY store and Icecream parlors,
with Etationery. t-tc, on Devlsadero et. ; H
living rooms; a splendid location and gocd
business. See R. G. WILKE. 2«Vi Kearny.
A— $liC0; COFFEE saloon and bakery In
choicest location; rent $S0; dally receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R
G WILKE. 2«»4 Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO Phone South 1060
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Candy and Icecream parlors, $20r> to $2500
Barber shops $500 to $25U0
Ctg-ar stands fiao to S-ff«)
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $3,"0 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $0000
Delicatessen stores ¦. . .$250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine location for drugstore; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $60;
business already established; with 0 rooms
and bath In rear; elegantly furnished
throughout: everything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality: Price $1SOO.
CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. •
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines: fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg. house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort: fine
groves; 3C-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business;. 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay, vegetables; all
kinds of fruit; rent $500 p;r year; equity In
this $2500; death in family cause of sale.
CAMERON - CO.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants In city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Ladles' furniehlng and fancy goods
business; cheap rent: well located; estab-
lished 12 year*; will Invoice $S0W; sickness
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— : Bakery and delicacy store; rent $20;
0 living rooms; established 8 years; must
leave city; price to close $250. CAMERON
#: CO.. 3 Eddy Bt.
T. J. DUNN & CO., 1312 MARKET ST.
BUSINESS SALES' AGENTS.
Phone Howard 34C8.
ICECREAM, candy 'and coffee parlor, near
Chutes; ground rent $25; 2>4 years' lease;
own* building, etock. furniture and fixtures;
will Invoice double the price, $750. This is
an- offer that is seldom made. DUNN.
CIGAR store near new Postofflce; see us about
this at once. DUNN.
CLEANING works; half Interest In good place
for sale in Oakland. DUNN.
WANTED— Partner; $300; to help advertise a
money-making business; lady or gentleman.
DUNN.
AN exceptionally good opportunity Is offered
one or more Investors to Interest themselves
on the ground floor of a first-class small In-
dustrial enterprise: the subscribers already
have nearly enough money for their needs
and require about $1000 additional. For par-
ticulars or further information address box
1454. Call office.
LIST of first-class saloons, rroeerles, restau-
rants, coffee saloons; cigar stands, country
merchandise stores, hotels, etc. for eale or
exchange. EITEL * CARROLL, 212 Kear-
ny ct.. phone Red C692.
$250 — PARTNER wanted in Al restaurant; 4th
et.. within 4 blocks of Call building; present
owner is a first-class cock and desires In-
coming partner to tend cash counter and as-
,*lst generally. LUNDIN & CO.. 318 Kearny.
$350 SECURES Interest In light office work
whereby party can easily clear $90 monthly;
reference* exchanged; experience, not neces-
sary; live man wanted: bona fide proposition.
Particulars 1U07& Market St.. room 1.
FOR sale— Saloon and license An Stockton,'- Cal. ;
best location In city: established 10 years;
low rent.- lease, etc. ;¦ satisfactory reason for
sale.' Address G.-A. HUNTINGTON. 341 S.
Ban JoHquln ft.. Stockton.- Cal. ¦'.*,,. .
PARTNER" wanted with small: capital; excel-
lent chance for reliable party. Box 1402, Caj^ !
• DEXTISTS.
D^r^RUs¥r^T6^allaghan~^g?™Ma7icet~and
McAllister sts., uses the Hasiord obtunder;
the only device ever Invented for grinding,
drilling and excavating teeth without pain.
Call for demonstration. Tel. Jessie SCOti.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plate* ar*
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per tet; extracting SOc: gas given.'
A NEW plate — The Whalebone— cannot break:
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
plates, $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted.. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
ELITE Dental Parlors. 838 Market St.; best
and cheapest' office for all dental operations.
Pans' Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 60 up: crowns. $2 up; fllllngs.23c
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentlst,r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'F'arreU.
GOLD fillings 75c: -silver, 85c; crowns. $2; no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hew 1tt.2O4 Sutter.
DHKSS.MAKF.KS AM) SEAMSTUESSE*
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng: double
stamps on dress lining*. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.'
McDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School —
Patterns cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL. ' -;/;^^
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, .best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study In the entire - West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS. COLLEGE. 901-
925 Golden Gate ave. • .'
AYRE8. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.; established IS years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free. '.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch" typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
________________ ! — —
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. 8. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st.
LEARN SPANISH In 2 months; classes In
French and Spanish $5 a month.
B F. AMES Teacher of Languages.
¦ 26S Golden Gate ave.. cor. Hyde st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, roln., jneoh.. ¦ur-
vey assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der 'Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing, 1556 Market,, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.-/
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day. eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Miiies&ElectricIty..24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING — Prof. Flndlay has \ reopened his
Juvenile clanefs at Findlay's'Hall. 174h St.;
Saturday 2 tot 5; private lessons dally.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive method.
RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California, r. 4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine tt.— Night class.
PIANO lesions. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GEORGE^AOKI. 121 PostTt! Ttel. Bush^ljS^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help; etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlneitc h-lp. 42B Powell gt. Tel. Main 5752.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main S18S.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel Main 1QW7. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EM rXOVMEN'T WAX TEH— F EM ALB.
A— MISS PLUNK-ETTS Employment Registry,
425 Butter st... near Powell."
A Swedish cook, first class, wants a cook's
place at $35 a month.
A Danish second girl, young, strong, • capable,
wants cooking and general housework In small
family: must be interviewed In the office from
10 to 12 Monday morning.r
A laundress, German, first class, city or
country place, also seeks work.
These • applicants will be in the office Mon-
day morning from 10 to 12.
MIPS PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter st.. nr. Powell.
A GERMAN woman would like to work by
the day. Address J. Z.. 7 Baldwin court,
off Folsom. st.
GIRL wants place in small family; light
¦ housework; references. Call personally, 2330
Larkin st. • - - - _ .
COMPETENT Swedish . woman wishes situa-
tion: housework and cooking; wages $25.
1274 Howard St., near Ninth. ' . -v
A WOMAN for housework and cooking. Call
at 111 South Park. , i-*^:,-
SPANISH cook, female, wants a position. In-
quire 15H Sherwood place.
ELDERLY Ge.rn ian lady of refinement (Protes-
tant) wants position' as housekeeper for one
or two gentlemen or widower's family; best
references given. Address MRS. G. G., Call
office, 111S Broadway. Oakland.' . . ;
A REFINED young" .woman desires ' a position
as managing housekeeper In first-class hotel,
or will take charge of a widower's heme; no
objections to leaving city; j references. Box
1297. Call office.
WANTED — A position as working* housekeeper
in a small family by middle-aged German
lady; understands- the care of small chil-
dren. Address MRS. W. REESE.- 2603 Nine-
teenth St. . ¦ : ¦ . ; . • '< ¦ ' ¦ ¦ : ; .
RESPECTABLE widow .desires situation as
working housekeeper; city ' or country; " best
of references: has two children, aged 9 and
4. Call or address MRS. 11.. 1136 Howard »t.
STRONG, willing American woman wants
laundry work, flannels a specialty; $1 25 and
carfare; sweeping and cleaning also done.
C48A Jessie St., downstairs.
A RELIABLE, middle-aged woman desires sit-
uation as : working housekeeper ' in private
family; good plain cook; city or country;
wages $20. ; Call 794 Folsom st. , „
SCOTCH woman wants situation; good cook,
baker. ¦ laundress; sleep home; or . day work,
cleaning; references* Address . Cook, 715 Na-
toma st.
A.' A. — Bookkeeper, .cashier, secretary; young
lady; expert accountant; discreet: quick, ac-
curate; finest references. Box 1340. Call.'
MIDDLE-AGED German lady would like a
position as working housekeeper. Call at
233 Third st. • . \ i
YOUNG woman wants work by the day. wash-
Ing and housecleanlng, $1 50 a day and car
fare. 545 Minna st. •¦'S.-'-. ' ¦ ¦¦ ' .-
YOUNG I lady, experienced, wants position as
clerk In grocery or delicatessen. . Address
box 1310. Call office.
YOUNG ¦ German woman wants housecleanlng'
$1 day. MRS. V., 9 Rltch st., off Folsom
st., bet. Third and Fourth, in rear.
GERMAN, girl wishes to travel with a family
to Europe; references given. Inquire 879
Capp st.' '
GOOD girl wants position to do general house-
work ; $3 50 . per week,- r from , 8- to .1 o'clock
dally. ' 1 Wlnden lane, off Mason, nr. Union.
WANTED — Place I as housekeeper by middle-
aged woman: city or country. Address box
1308. Call. • . ~ .' ..r
WANTED — -A . position by ¦ competent , young
lady to do second work. Address box 16X>
Cail office. ' ,
TRAINED nurse wishes position to travel with
. an Invalid. Address 1217. Webster Bt., Oak-
land; tel. Green ' 56.- •-¦•
HOUSEWORK wanted by -neat, elderly wo-
man; good cook; wages $10 per month. ¦" Call
or write 1120 Third St.. Oakland.
GERMAN woman wants work. helping or house'
cleaning by the day. "208 Natoma st. rear
upstairs. :. " - . - • * . '
EXPERIENCED lady nurse wishes engage-
' ? ments; best references; $10 week. Call -MRS.
WILSON. : 474K- Tehama st., near Sixth."
COMPETENT German woman 'wants washing
and ironing for Tuesday; no postals. 1203
. \ allejo j ; st. ¦ . ' . _. i
AMERICAN 'woman wishes housekeeper's « po-
' £ t i 0n . 0r c cook on ranch - MRS. FAIRBANKS.
Cotatl, Sonoma' County. -Cal.
REFINED young ' lady wants position as
?i!o» £."' I? restauran t - or candy : store. ; -. Box
Hjiib. call. - * 9_S_SMR_
YOUNG lady wants position In office; good pen-
'¦ 5_J.*»it2 C i! rat ! »V flK13rei!: moderate w«"y:
, can, give finest references. Box 2628; Call.
tween'Rlchland su and Crescent ave, '
BMPLOYMEXT WASTED— FEMAtB.
REFINED mlddle-ared American womaa
wishes pesition a* workln? housekeeper In
small family: city or country; no lneym-
brances. Address MRS. A. N. KING, etat.ou
B. San Francisco. .
STENOGRAPHER. exi>ert operator; accurat*
and reliable: law and general work; city
reference*. Box 3515. Call office. .
WOMAN wishes to wash clothes. 112 Perry st.
WANT a Dositlon as stenographer. 322 Va
Grove «t. '
A NURSE girl wants situation for two chil-
dren. Call 2013A Pupont St.. S. F.
STRONG woman wishes house and window
cleaning, $1 50 day. 1513A Howard st.
YOUNG girl wants situation to assist In H?ht
housework. Apply 528 Harrison st. '
COMPETENT young lady want* to do second
work. Address box 1634. Call offlcc.
POSITION wanted by young lady of good edu-
cation. Box 1599, Call office. -
COMPETENT glrfwlanes position to do hous««
work. Address box 1637, Call office.
A YOUNG girl would like a situation at house-
work. Call 1346 Webster St.. S. F. ' ¦"¦?¦ ¦* •
A YOUNG woman (good co«k) wants work In
the country- 324 Mason st. ; Phone Black 2390.
WOMAN wants situation caring j for Invalid.
MRS. HOWE. 342 Minna st.
GIRL wishes work by the day: $1 a day. MISS
NERO ROBERTS. 363 Clementina at.
FAMILY washing to take home. Call or ad-
dress MRS. CHESTER. 448 Jessie st.
A YOUNG girl wonld like a situation at nous*.
work. Call 1340 Webster St.. 3. F.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
WANT ada ani mibscrfptlons taken for Th«
Call at Eaton's Baxaar. 63.1 McAllister »t.
EMPLOYSIEVT WASTED — MALE.
I YOUNG man desires position as coachman on
private place. San Mateo County; good gar-
dener; thoroughly understands horses: eaa
milk; $30 and found. Box 1130. Call offlc*.
Oakland.
AUTOMOBILE -to drive and car* for by expe-
rienced, sober, industrious man; private fam-
ily; country preferred; fine all around fel-
low; best references. Box 1508, Call office.
BAKER'S helper, experienced, good driver,
wishes poRltion; country preferred; best ref«
erences. ¦ Box 1432. Call office. >'
HANDY man about place. 1443 Harrison st.
BOOKKEEPERS, stenographers. salesmen,
managers, clerks and assistants of all kinds;
we furnish competent and reliable help that
we can recommend to all positions satisfac-
torily. WILDE A CO.. Position Broker*.
759 Market, room 16; telephone Black 6873.
WANTED — A man with over 20 years" ex-
perience In logging, railroad construction
and timber estimating would like a position
as traveling agent to look up timber land or
tak* charge of extensive logging operations:
_references.__ Address C. box 1187. Call office.
YOUNG M. E. wants position as draughts-
man; home work preferable; specialist on
gas engines and tool designing;. detailin<
done neatly and correctly. L. NORDSTROM
910 Pine at. .
COMPETENT young man. stenographer and
typewriter, having over three years' practi-
cal experience, wishes to secure better posi-
tion than his present one; references. Box
1U 7. CalL -
YOUNG man wants position In office; good
penman, honest and accurate; will work hard
for advancement;. will start at moderate sal-
ary; can furnish bond. Box 1302. Call office.
BRIGHT, strong, young man. 22.- wishes po-
sition with prospect of working into good
paying place; not afraid of work and ambi-
tloug to succeed. Box 163S. Call office.
GENERAL machinist and engineer, expert on
engines, pumps and hydraulic machinery,
first-class references, wants steady position.
Address box 1G23. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a handy and trust-
worthy-man of 50; handy with tools; prefer
some Inside work In some shop; good work-
er Bex lfiOS. Call office. ¦ '
STENOGRAPHER, younc man of ability and
wide experience, competent to take entlr*
charge of correspondence of wholesale house;
general office man; understands systematis-
ins of business. Address box 1630. Call.
GKXEIIAL office man desires employment as
. shipper or other ponltlon of trust. In whole-
sale or manufacturing house; best references.
Box 61. IOCS Market st.
TO country hotel-keepers: Wanted— "By a mid-
dle-aged man, a competent barkeeper, a
position In a quiet country hotel; best of
references. ' Box 127S. Call. •
TAILORING business: all-round cutter, trim-
mer, salesman and - window decorator wishes
position; highest references; moderate wages
Box 1339. Call-office.
STENOGRAPHER— Young man se«ks position
with mercantile or manufacturing house,
where energy and ability wilt count. Box
1748. Call. • ' .-
STEADY reliable man wishes a steady position
of any kind; Is handy with tools and a good
driver. Address G. L. E., 174 Fourth St.,
room 30.
COACHMAN and gardener; French: ipeak«
English; has references; wishes situation,
city or country. Address ANDRE'S, SIT
Stockton st.; phone Main 1304.
A TRUSTWORTHY, careful middle-aged mar*
would -assist on a well-managed chicken
ranch; best of habits and references; no
heavy work.' R. M.. box S3. 1008 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS machinist and engineer waat«
position; age 30; has 12 years' experience la
the line; is also good draftsman. Box 1624.
Call office.
YOUNG man from the East would Ilka a situa-
tion as salesman; good experience In fir*
goods also the jewelry business. Box IMS.
Call office. ..
YOUNG man wants position .< in whole-
sale house: good references and • character*
Box 1599. Call office.
COMPETENT laundryman wants position ta
take charge of Institution or hotel laundry.
Box 1607. Call office.
COMPETENT engineer. 20 years' experience.
desires steady position. Address B. W. box
1602. Call office.
ELDERLY man wishes position aa night
CaU C o«nceS 5 y * ar8 "- ex P« rtelic «- - Box l60«.
SITUATION wanted by sober, reliable young
man. who Is .willing; to start In and work
up; good references. Box 1737. Call.
STENOGRAPHER— Competent stenographer
desires position; salary $50. Address _ POL-
LAK. 176O Bush st.. city.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-clasa landscape
1321*pf r: Country VrttemO. Address A- B..
GERMAN barkeeper, (married) wishes steady
position; best of references furnished. Box
1252. Call. Office,. ..,...,_ ,. ,» . .„ . . „,
BY elderly Swiss-American' as carpenter and
chorer; city or country: tools on hand Ad-
»lreia 1470 San Bruno ave.
PAINTING, paper-hanging or tinting by com-
petent workman: have tools. PAINTER.
429 ij Castro st. *- — -.-_ • •-*
BAKER, first-class, all around, bread and
cake bak«r and confectioner; country pre-
ferred. BURTON. 102 Seventh «.
SOBER, middle-aged man wants • steady em-
ployment of some kind: rood worker;, small
_J*ases. Box 1203. Call office.
: ENGINEER and fireman wants situation: cltv
or country: 20 years' experience. W. H.
i BARKE. 810 San»ome st.
' — .
M'ANTED — Pesition as porter or Janitor by »
.middle-aged man. Call or address K. K.. Si
Fourth st.. room 41. . „ . .
BARTENDER and first-class mixer from th«
East would like .position; best references.
Box 55. 100S. Market st. - .
YOUNG man (20 years of age) desires a posi-
tion as stenographer; good references. 873
Chester st.. Oakland.
WANTED— By young man (22 years o( >;•)
. W "-;"««—¦"•
B p^S s mtcn a .g° s^ n>tl>rrand **. At "
AN^experience d drug clerk would like a po-
sltlon; references. Box 1631. ' Call office.
j HACKMAN would like position to attend 3
horses Address box 1636. Call office.
JANITOR with spare tl~- would like to occupy
same. N. M. : 61SK Natoma st. ' ' .
W £rt NT i?£r Work * s Janltorl- E. - S. TAYLOR.
: id r uurtn st.
BOY (about 16 years) wants position In a
photograph studio. 1427 Sacramento st.
MAN wants position In country town aa hotel
k clerk. ..Address , box ; 1(M«L • Call offlca,
j.ntwix; Horr'-'" fou sale— Coa.
MARION GRIFFIN*"" 7
406 Hear« building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offlces.
Phone Black 3CO7,or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
.We sell any house on our Installment plan.
EXTRA wide, sunny halls in this 20-room
¦house; all In 3-room suites.' newly furnished;
such apartments are In great demand;, price
only $1500; it's A bargain.
" . . ...'..: ¦.- .'• '. See : MARION . GRIFFIN.
RESPECTABLE, quiet and clean; 14 fine large
i rooms; housekeeping; rent $40; clears $41
monthly; price $700. See MARION GRIFFIN.
40 ROOMS.-
A 2-story house of 40 rooms; good furnishings:
all men roomers; rent $110; clears $156
monthly; reduced to $3000; easy to manage.
ALSO a 17-room house on Van Ness ave. ; rent
$60; very little work for landlady; fine ap-
pearing house, Inside and out; exquisitely
furnished -in elegant oak and mahogany; rich
Brussels carpels; clears $106.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN. ¦ .
- THESE TWO ARE FINE: • •
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 37 rooms; beauti-
fully furnished In velvet and blrdseye, maple;
new January, 1004; easy terms if required.
31 large sunny rooms; new- building; straight
rooming-house, see? Fine location, near
" Geary and Jones; eminently respectable;
make offer to my agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
20-ROOM house put down to $1000; clean and
full; rent $60; clears $60 month: sunny side
of street. . ,- - Ses MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECTLY appointed 60-room . house In a
very central location; furnished elegantly
i April, 1903; electric elevator, electric, lights,
¦ hot water ¦ in every room; ts-y ear lease; in-
come $406 over rent; all large single rooms;
roomers all business men. -.-¦
MARION 1 GRIFFIN, room 400 Hearst Bid.
BONTON family hotel; corner, in fashionable
neighborhood; 51 rooms; all outside; very
fine furniture; velvet carpets; rent only $250:
profit monthly; price $5500; cause,
leaving city. ',."¦.¦ ¦ ¦ •' ¦ '¦ ' '.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Hearst Bid.
SNAP this — 9 rooms for...... $250.
5 rooms furnished; 6 blocks north of Mar-
ket; rent $T.5. Call at 2 p. m. on
. .- MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL— 53 rooms— See MARION GRIFFIN;
reduced to $4000; newly painted, well-fur-
nished; 27 bay windows;' 5-year lease; quiet,
• respectable: terms y* cash; clears exactly
• $176 mcnthly.
SPECIAL Hotel. . . .Be* MARION .GRIFFIN.
320 rooms; aristocratic families; first-class
furnishings; clears $6000 yearly.. Price $12000.
80 ROOMS.
Newly furnished 1 year ago..... ...$3S00;
full of men roomers; wide halls;- lease: rent
$3 room. MARION GRIFFIN.
60 ROOMS. '
NEW and modern building;, light and airy;
beautifully furnished in oak and blrdseye
maple; electricity for bells, elevator and
lights; everything strictly first-class.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
NOT quite 200 rooms.
You can borrow $7500 from MARION GRIFFIN
on »hls apartment - house; It contains the
most elegant furnishings, that cost $16,000;
will show you the bills; the house is grand,
new and modern; with proper management
should clear $1000 per month. v
SNAP — Detached house of 12 rooms with nice
yard; every room light and sunny; - very
choice location; wq|l furnished; price $900 If
sold this week; no cards given. .-^
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.^
SWELL TRANSIENT-HOUSE.
Beautifully furnished; extra fine hair mat-
tresses; new and modern building on sunny
corner; 24 rooms; rent $135; "price $2S0O;
worth $4000 as a money-maker.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
NORTH of Market: 16 rooms; must be sold by
April 23; corner house; an offer of $450 made
to MARION GRIFFIN will take It. !
BOUNCING BIG BARGAIN
ON BUSH-STREET CORNER.
Mahogany furniture, fine draperies, heavy rich
I carpets, large stately rooms, wide ancestral
halls; furnishings good as new; cost $2»fiO;
husband has died and widow will take any
reasonable offer, or will exchange for a farm;
rooms all rented In apartments; no cards. -
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
SP1RITUALISSI.
MRS. DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
&- business med'm, read dally $t: dev'p'g class
Thurs. S p.m.; tel. Geary 884; 10O6B G.G. ave.
MRS LESTER'S test circle 8 p. m., 10c; read-
ings dally, 25c and SOc. 122 Taylor st.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings dally,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
elate.- writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
CLAIR VOYANTS.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU.'
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge No charge '
Unless you obtain the Information- for
¦ which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmiFt ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition. •
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make io charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you if
husband, wife or lover Is true or false; who
and when you will marry; how to gain the love
of the one you desire; "In fact," I will tell -ou
every hope, fear or ambition . better than you
can tell yourself; his advice Is reliable, his pow-
ers ar<- wonderful and indisputable; he im-
proves vour character so that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vigor health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power Implanted In
your nature, so you can change the intentions,
actions or habits of any one secretly;, cures
disease and lost vitality; gives advice on min-
ing and buried treasures; gives you success in
life: he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 2 to 6.
326 — O'Farrell street — 326. /
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st. cor. Turk; private readings dally, 10 a.
m.' to 5 n. m. : readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in Demon; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of. hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postofflce.
Wells- Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— Miss M Wille, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal seer and lire reader, will' tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion, names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly.
* advice given on all affairs of life; satlsfac-
' tlon guaranteed: 25c up. .17 3d, next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
has 'second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names: 1. SOc, g. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
Mrs.A.H.Krcnenberg.palmlst, clairvoyant, card
reader; when"- others fall try n.e: good readings
10c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkin 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice; names given: 25c up. 835 Howard st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader in clly.
26H Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c; gents SOc.
'MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS* WARD "gives ' names,, dates and facts;
readings dally; not open Sundays. 917 Market.
MRS.' ¦BROWN, clairvoyant.'- iard reader, re-
* moved from 132 to 23 & 6th; 1. 25c g. Wie.
MME.- MARSEAU. .card reader; ladles 25c;
gents 60c; hours 10 to 9.^129 Sixth st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller, :ia now at 317. Ellis St..
MRS.; SHAFER. clairvoyant, -card reader, slt-
tlngs dally. 44S^A Jessie St.. bet. Bth and 6th]
TCAIIPET BEATING AND CLEASING.
COMPRESSED air . and ¦: vacum system now
¦-• vnlversally used. In cleaning ..carpets "on*.
- 1 floor; , without • removal; price moderate; 9./
¦ F." Compressed Air i Cleaning . Co.. 308 i Mar-
ket st. ; tel. Main; 152, Bush 479. -- .
WHEN .you ' become disgusted with you - work
' send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Works, 355-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.. clean-
; Ing & laying done reasonably. ' : Tel. Mission 74."
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1869 Har-
¦ B rison st- : r Al" cleaning; • 3c.- -/Tel." Mission "*25.
CONKLIN'S :-' Superior, Carpet- Beating Works,
333 Golden ' Gate ave. ; telephone East . 12H. .
HOPKEBROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat--
'. ; tresses made over.- 14*52 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.:
M teM Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH _ CO.," carpet-beating works; prices
' . reasonable.* 1703 Harrison st.: tel.Mlsslon 1 263. |
.\.\ . .. CTTBEB . BUPTUSB. . ; :
WHO? — Hunter. 1206 Market' st.; $100; rupture
cure for $10; circular explains; send for one.
' * LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
V. CAMERON & CO. . Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St., cor. .Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Roomlng-.Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
108 rooms: cheap rent; new and 1 elegantly
furnished; up-to-date rooming- house; has fine
can be run In conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of the house; other buslnesa in-
terests demand Immediate departure.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new , and
up-to-date house;, all men; electric elevator,
lights;, long lease; ' clears $400 to $5)X> per
month; one of the best buys In the city.. - .
ID rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle ai>artnunt-house; reduced to ?110O.
14 rooms; rent only $tX); oak furniture: good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $850. '
-36 rooms;" rent $3 50 per room;' flrst-clasg
downtown location; long lease; thoroughly
renovated and jut In best condition: guaran-
teed to clear over $200 per month; fine oppor-
tunity for cood investment ; price ?25O0.
20. roome; cheap rent; close In; thoroughly
respectable; all full;, clears $100; part cash. \
* 30 rooms: rent , only ; $150; : oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close in; fine money-maker.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clears
ing $400 to $600 per month f obliged to leave
city. » ,
11 rooms; rent $40; close in; oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carnets; clears- $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 rooms; elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture; CO boarders;
clearing $250 per month; close- In; fine buy;
price $6000.
9 rooms: sunny flat: rent $50; oak,' mahog-
any fur.; obllg-ed to leave city; reduced to $650.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
HUI; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.-
7-room flat: rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price $350.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house In San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year. ¦
15 rooms: rent $S5; north Market; close In;
good money-maker; reduced from $1600 to
90 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
axi<l furniture, high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill in
connection; best proposition in city; called
East.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease. - -
128 rooms; cheap rent; long' lease; first-
class up-to-date downtown- house; well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $600 per month; must
sell on account of other business; only with us.
8 rooms; fine upper flat; rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
12G rooms: fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes In $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpfts; housekeeping? all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price
S1C00.
50 rooms: new; modern apartment-house: 10-
year-lease; cheat) rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
17 rooms; Ellis st. : rent ?70; oak furniture,
Axmlnster caipets; fine condition: clears $80;
fine little buy.
150 rooms; beautiful corner; 3^ and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
In city: call for terms and particulars.
CO rooms; cheap- rent; new and beautifully
furnished: modern building; close in; full of
nice people; % cash, balance low Interest.
75 rooms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent; 10 years* .lease: close in;
clears $400 per month; $4C00 down, balance
8 tier cent per annum; departure.
33 rooms: cheap rent; good lease; beautifully
furnished; new modern building; very central;
all full: little gem of a house; leaving city. .
180 rooms; —rand new modern ¦ apartment
house; elegantly furnished and equipped; cheap
rent; fine lease; paying $500 to $600 per month;
close In: full nice people; bargain If taken at
once; dissolution of partnership.
138 rooms; downtown commercial hotel; 8
years' lease; cheap rent: elegantly furnished:
one of the best opportunities to secure first-
class hotel: owner has other business; part
cash, balance time.
____Z ; \
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
Phone Black 6901. 777 Vi Market st.
— Bank References —
Any House Sold on Easy Terms.
A— Buyers' Guide. Bring this ad. with you.
A — 7-room flat, nicely furnished; clears S2o;
price $300; % cash. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
A — 10 rooms; good furnishings; N. of Market
location; bargain; $400. CAL. INVEST. CO.
A — Special: 18 rooms, newly furnished, on one
floor; grand location; clears $80 with 3 rooms
reserved; price ?2000. CAL. INVEST. CO.
•A. — Gesry st.; 14 rooms, finely f urn; ; money-
maker; choice bargain; $1000. Cal. Invest. Co.
A — 60 rooms;' new and beautifully furnished;
private baths; grand location; • clears $300;
$3500 cash will put you In possession: don't
overlook this. CAL. .INVESTMENT CO.
A — 36 rooms on 1 floor, nicely furnished, newly
painted: clears &25; nice loc.: rent $110;
price. 51600. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
3C rooms, 'elegantly furnished; private, baths,
grand entrance; steam heat; best renting loc.
N. of Market: long lease; right party it's a
mint; partners disagree. Particulars, CAL.
INVESTMENT CO., 777% Market st.
APARTMENT houee. 40 rooms; new and beau-
tifully furnished; lease; low rent; price $4000
. half cash; don't wait; It will go. CALIFOR-
NIA INVESTMENT CO:, ?77>4 Market Bt.
A.. KREDO & CO...... ....A
765 MARKET ST. .... .RELIABLE AGENTS
AT AUCTION PRICE
$150 for 13 rooms; clears $40 month. .. '
$275 — Nicely furnished 5-room flat.
$300—11 rooms; clears $40: $200 cash. ¦
TIME PAYMENTS. IF DESIRED
. 18 rooms; sunny corner; clears $80 $1200
22 rooms: fine transient; near Market. . .$1600
MANY OTHERS AT KREDO & CO.'S
1 11 ROOMS, north Market; $65; $500. DUNN
& CO.. 131 2, Market st. . ¦ '•>
14 ROOMS, north Market; $60; $700. DUNN
& CO.. 1312 Market st. v
9 ROOMS, north Market; $40; $400. DUNN
& CO.. 1312 Market Bt.
10 ROOMS, up Market: $40; $650. DUNN
& CO.. 1312 Market st.
28 ROOMS, south Market: $37 60; $1000. DUNN
& CO., 1312 Market st. ¦ , , .
100 ROOMS; runny corner; rent $125. .. .$4500
112 rooms; clears $350; low rent. ...... .$4500
80 rooms: furniture nearly new.......... $3800
15 rooms; fine location. • north of Market. $'J00
46 rooms; In Oakland; new; rent $60. ..$2000
12 rooms; % cash; cheap rent.. ......:. $000
Money to loan on furniture. '. EITEL &
CARROLL; 212 Kearny st. • V ¦ '.
MITCHELL & CO .Phone 'Jessie 2981
\ 1206 Market st.. opposite Sixth.
¦ .NOTICE. ¦
We have apartment-houses," rooming-houses
and 'fiats to exchange. * Call and examine our
list. .'-¦: - ;¦¦¦¦•.: V- :¦•¦•;•:- ..:- ' ;:• --¦*•%¦• '' '-'
$900 — LODGING-HOUSE. 1 18 rooms ; all fitted
for 'housekeeping apartments; north of Mar-
ket st. ; rent j very I low ; must . sell. : Box 3085.
Call, office. • .--¦ ¦-.«¦ - ' '- - ••..-.-. : . '• ¦'-..
LODGING-HOUSE. 25 rooms; full;go«d loca-
- tlon:>-low ' rent;', reasons for selling, .poor
'• health. "., 200 .Turk, st.; -room ,6,. bet. r and 2.
16-ROOM house, X close ; in,\ cheap rent;- good
lease,- no vacant rooms. • for, $1200; payments
monthly." Address box . 2760,", Call ; office. j
H0U6E, 25 rooms; furniture in good condition;
, rooms nil full; wc\l rented; north of Market
ft. Box 4153. Call office. ;.;?,.' ¦ ~: '.-. !
LODGING-HOUSE. 28- rooms: near Van Ness j
ave. , Box 3052. Call, office. -': . ¦ •¦
TAYLOR,, 318 — 12 well-furnished rooms and
. bath clears $40 and your 2 rooms; .reasonable.
! 1S ; ROOMS: • rent $80; r water free; : 2%-year
.lease; furnished new; make offer. 323 Taylor.
$225— 9 ROOMS for sale.' £ 319 Drumm st.V
7 -' ROOMS ?¦ and • bath; ' dean •£ desirable home;
$275.'; 605 Taylor st^near Post:" r- ¦- ¦:.: '' : ' ¦¦'.i
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened .'at 1008 Market- St., opposite \Flfth. j
Open until 11- p.; m. ; • •- ; ' 'THE SAN FRANCISGO GALL, MONDAY, AFRIL~ 18,% 19041
9
OBTAINED FROM AN T -. V T v. Vl/AIVIT^ TV F\ T IV T TLJC OAT T
INVESTMENT I V\ /\ .' ; W k /\ IN ' I'- " ' /\LJ . 1^ . J fl t V_>ALJL
12 M IMA) V M KNT WA XTED M A I ,E.
AN artirt understanding the business would'
like to renew old paintings: C8n patch up
riHCkr and holes and make it look like new.
Telephone Howard 3034.
W A NTED— Job as porter. E. S. SHERLY.
415 Krarr.y *t.
YOUNG boy wants position tr> do work as
cash hoy in Ftore. Address box lf>35. Call.
BOCSS cleaner wants work. RUSSELL 15
Third «. .
RARHER: wants steady position. II. H. 703
Taylor et.
WANTED — Work ** night watchman E G
FARUO. 753 Miffion st.
YOVNO man wishes a position as Janitor In
wholesale houre. £U30 Mission st.
\YANTK1»-Work o£ any kind. E. HARDER
1217 Mi:-Mon *t.
POSITION wanted as a collector; good refer-
e:iee^ Box 1349, Call offlt-e.
5TROKQ young man. 1st. wiFhes work. Ad-
.1r>ny W. IiROSSKL. 1R16 Maxon M. -
SITUATION mr blacksroitlTs^ helper. AcT
drew. F. MURPHY. 3ol Filbert et.
SITTATION as porter. Apply at~227~Nlnth
street.
SITUATION a* Janitor. Apply at 156 Fourth
etreet.
ro^ITION a « shinping clerk wanted. cT
KltArSE. 47S5 Market ft. !
WANTED — V.'ork as ni*.lu watchman. E.
BKLLEW. 2017 Mission Bt.
WANTED — A r**itldn of »ny kind; work for a
iiTraan boy of 15. Apply 271 A -Clementina Ft.
HOY want* a position as a cash boy. F.
# JANhs?KN. &e$t Howard st.
;JOOD baker wants work. 54 Hermann st.
BOT wants position as messenger. 1SI1 Mont-
gomery et.
KUUAND boy wants work. 1304 Montgomery
street.
BOT wants j>oeltlon ea rnespeRger. 3411 Moct-
g juinjf st.
SITUATION as blacksmith's helper. 253
Je»f'e St.
HorFEMAN wants work. RUSSELL. 13 Third
•tre^t.
GO^p home cook wants a situation; refer-
rr.ces. 71S Commercial ft.
CAMPING house wagon; theatrical parties ; 127
et. Owner at «40 Howard st.
[vESPEXTABLK Japanese wishes position in
private -family; would like to tslre care of
hor*e and cow; wages $25 per month: speaks
English well; city or country. Box 1H01. Call.
A GOOD honest. Japanese want? position as
<-ook and housework In /mall family; price
$3 up. TAKA. telephone Polk 4085.
JAPANESE couj)!e want position; man Is
cock and wife for general housework. Ad-
drew A. FTJII. IIS Eddy at.
HoNEST Jupanes* boy wi*h<** situation to do
housework. KATE. 35 \Yllliam et.
JAPANESE war.ts position as cook; wages $7
up. Addre** HARRY, 1006 Hyde St. -
FIKST -class Chinese cook wants situation in
h^tel or boartlinr? house; city or country.
C"f> Pupont st., Jewelry store.
FOUKQ Chines* boy wishes position to do any
k!r.<J of work. AH BEW. 743 Washington st.
CIUNESE boy wishes work of any kind tn
city or across the bay. ED. 1024 Pacific bt.
WANTED — By a Chinese boy. work of any
kir.<1. Atf^reas ion Pacific et.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are l!st-
*d In our free renting department; over 1000
IB number: a combined llrt from all agenciea:
!<>t us give you a llrt and help you to find a
riace; we r.ever fail; wrvioe free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOT'SES and flats to let: an Immense list;
*e.-v;r»- absolutely free; take advantage cf
:£:.« department; it will nave you time and
trout le. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-213 Geary
tt., en the square.
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia— New flat, 5
rooms, and bath; all modern improvements.
Sixth, near Bryant— Two flats of 4 rooms
each: *7 60 each. Apply to G. A. LEROUX
a» New Montgomery st.
A— WASHINGTON. 3129. near Bakrr— Upper
flat: 7 rooma and bath: light and eunny;
yard. SPECK & CO., 203 Montgomery Bt.
K — ELEGANT modem flat cf S rooma and
bath; grand marine view. 1S12 Vallejo «t.,
near Oousrh: rent chean.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
MISS PLCNKETT. Employment Bureau. 425
butter st.. near Powell.
A first-class cook, also a i-econd girl for pri-
vate family in Southern California, $50 and $'50-
rcerencea from private families necessary;
lady ran be seen In the office.
A woman with little girl for plain laundry
w-rk in «n institution. f2O. . n
A -B-omnn .with one child aa working house-
keeiiex for . small farm, short distance from
city. $25.
Twenty-five good housework girls for city
ar.d country; wages f2O, $25 and $30.
Four good hottl waitresses for city hotels,
$25 each. Call.
MISS PLUNK ETT. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
Office houre — 8:«U) a. m. to 6:30 p. rn.
Not open on Sunday. ..->>•
AT MISS I'LUNKETTS Employment Bureau.
425 Sutter et., near Powell.
A oook and second girt for American family.
$30 and $10; place in Ban Jose; party to be «ecn
In city; expenses paid.
A iMindress and chambermaid for private
family In city. $S0.
A cook for small Institution In city, $30
(good plain rooking necessary — nothing fancy).
A reliable laundress by the day, $2 a day.
Call Ht MISS PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter St..
near Powell. Office hours 8:30 to 5:30 p. m.
Not open Sunday. .. . . '
AT MISb' PLL'NKETTS Employment Bureau,
425 Butter ft., near Powell.
A s^an-.stress (must cut and fit plain things)
for a few weeks' work. $2 day and found.
A young woman to wait on lady two hours in
the morning and two hours in the afternoon. $5
a week.
A nurse for one child 1 year old; place is In
the country: $25. .
A Tvaitrcts and parlor maid, San Mateo; $30.
Call at MISS PLUNKETT'S. 425 Sutter st..
near Powell. Office hours 6:30 a. m. to 5:30
p. m. ¦ Not '.open Sunday.
A YOUNG girl to run errands and make her-
si-lf generally useful in office; no office fee.
MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter at. ?
A — I BRIGHT young ladles as salesladies in
candy store; no experience necesssry; $7 a
wk.. increat-e. MRS.M.E.DAY.351 O'Farrell.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn Ualrdrecslng,
manicuring, etc.: trade ' taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to till immediately: positions guaran-
teed af$10 per week up; leading school in
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
in 1 month for $15: positions an trimmers,
salesladies, etc,, guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches hairdreaslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 123t> Mar-
ket st., cor. Jon**, room P4; positions secured
at hithtpt wages: day and eve. class; call.
A— WANTED — Operators on ladles' waists;
good wages. <556 Mission et.. third floor.
A — WANTED — Operators on ladies' underwear;
good wages. 656 Mission st.. third floor.
WANTE1>— A neat, respectable girl to care for
baby and assist In light housework. Call in
morning, 1700 Stelner st.
RESPECTABLE young girl for general house-
work; two in family; good home for right
girl: $15. Apply »-12 at 2339 Pine st.
GOOD finiFber on pants: also apprentice, paid
while learning. 401 Kearny st.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 49 Geary st. ¦
WAIST hands wanted at 1407 Laguna st.
FIRST-CLASS lady bookkeeper for wholesale
commipeion house; references. Box 1431, Call.
TWO glijs, general housework; good cook.
MRS. WEBER, 370 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — Stenographer and typewriter able
to take SO to 100 words. Box 7234, Call.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats;
wages $12; Fmall chop. €S1 Minna, nr. Sth.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher. 744~Market~st7,
room 27.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, 0 p. rn. Wednesday; salary no object.
NURSE wanted to take* care of child about
2 years old: must be unincumbered and come
well recommended; rtate age. experience aud
salary expected. Apply box 1C59, Call office.
WANTED — Experienced shirt waist sales-
woman. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.
EDUCATED woman; ealary $50 a month
guaranteed; 9 a. m. to 2 p. m. 637 Bush St.,
room 611.
WANTED — Pants finishers. Apply S. N. WOOD
£• COr. "27 Ccarjr *t.
WANTED — First-class alteration hands 'on
coat* and skirts. CAILLEAITS. 114 Kearny.
WANTED— Finishers and buttonhole makers
on vesta. <f Eddy St.. room 91.
WANTED — Girls to work at the mangle. The
French Laundry Company, 3372 Mission Ft.
WANTED — Girl to do general housework;
wages $20. 791 McAllister st.
AN experienced girl for candy store with refer-
ence; no others need apply. 1761 Fillmore st.
A Fir.ST-CLASS finisher on coats to work ln-
WANTED MALE Con. •
MURRAY & READY, (SS 634-636~Cla'y~st".
PHONE MAIN 5848.
Leading Labor and Employment Agents.
EVERY EMPLOYER OF HELP
FURNISHED with first-clans skilled and
unskilled help.
EVERY MAN WANTING WORK,
If competent to fill position YOU CAN
HAVE IT.
IN OUR OFFICE
ALL MEN ARE EQUAL— NO DISTINC-
TION. >
WE SPEAK "
GERMAN. GREEK, ITALIAN,
SPANISH, SWISS. . FRENCH.
IN 1903 we gave During 190* we hope
work to 60,000 men. to increase 60,000.
YOUR FARE FREE. LOOK— FREE FARE
TO STATE OF NEVADA
If you stay four months. THAT'S ALL.
UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT WORK.
2b"5 two-horse teamsters, $00.
150 laborers; you'll suit; $00. ¦ •
l«5 drillers, roctanen; hammermen; $75.
12 machine drillers, $90.
Eight hours' work daily; hundreds going;
ARE YOU? - - -
• $1— FEE— THAT'S ALL— fl.
ARIZONA. .. ARIZONA.
Center of Great Mines! Land of Sunshine!
BIG- WAGES.
910 Miles— $9 10.
255 teamsters, laborers, drillers, etc.. $2 to
$3 50 a day. *
CLOSE TO PRESCOTT.
IN CALIFORNIA— '
25 laborers, big mine company, $75. $67 B0.
12 machine miners, gold quartz, $90. '
IS muckers, gold quartz, $07 50 •
TO FARMS. DAIRIES, ETC.
128 faroi, orchard and vineyard hands, all
over California. $25. $l»tt $30 and found.
35 good teamsters. $26, $30 and found.
5»> milkers, located everywhere, $30, $35 fd.
12 butter-makers, separator tenders, etc., $40
and found; 18 choreboya, men, etc, $15. $20,
$25. $no and found.
CHOREMEN. GARDENERS. STABLEMEN.
IS stablemen, city, country, $35 and found
to $75.
12 coachmen, choremen and roustabouts, $25
and $30 and found.
«5 farm hands, orange groves, $26 found. . •
Man understands little gardening. $30 found.
Stable man, mine town. $30 and found.
4 men plant vineyards, laborers will do, $26
and found.
9 gardeners, some vegetable, some flowers,
$30 and found *
MEN AND WIVES.
6 milkers and wives, farmers and wives, etc..
$50 and found.
MECHANICAL.
6 coopers; 2 machinists, $3 25 day; machine
blacksmith's helper. $75; 2 gang; foremen,
Nevada, boes here; 3 tallymen, lumber com-
pany, $3 day; planer and sticker hands, $3
day up.
Carriage blacksmith. 90c fare. $3 day.
« blacksmith helpers, tack on shoes. $2 to
(2 25 day.
Sticker hand, city mill. $4 day.
12 blacksmiths, different Jobs.
2 brick loaders, exceptionally good Job, $2 BO
day.
Blacksmith, all round shop, fare $1, $2 50 day.
Gang edgerman fare tl 25. $55 to $70 found.
WOODCHOPPERS.
255 men to cut wood all over California.
LOOK!
12 laborer*, fare $1. steady Job, $1 75.
12 teamsters, fare $1, steady Job, $1 75.
Eastern young man, milk 20 cows, $30 fd.
German-Swiss, milker, city, ?35 fd.
2d stableboy, 18 years, millionaire's stable,
$20 found.
Boy. grocery store, city.
12 i«heep herders. Nevada State, $35 found.
Milker and wife, boss at our office, $60 fd.
2 stablemen, mine town north, $35 fd. each.
4 vine grafters, boss here. $2 day found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
18 cooks for hotels, saloons, mines, cafes,
ranches and summer resorts, $30, $40, $50
and $00 and found.
18 waiters, different Jobs. $25, $30, $35 & fd.
12 dishwashers. ?2O. $25 and $30 and found.
2 bellboys, first-clase hotels, $15 found.
3 hotel porters, $20, $25 found.
BAKERS. •
Cook, baker, small shop. country t $65 found.
Pastry cook and baker, city in»tltutlon,$40 fd
2 bakers, 2 helpers. $40°. $.10, $50 found.
LAUNDRYMEN. |
Laundry-man, city institution, $35 'and found.
12 laundrymen, different clarees of work.
6 helpers, no experience wanted, come see us.
Cock, Santa Clara County. $D0 and found.
Night cook, fare 50c, $35 and found.
Camp cook, city, few mtn, $40 found.
Elevator -boy, extra -rood hotel, $10 found.
BUTCHERS. .
Butcher, drive wagon, tend shop, $19 found.
LOOK!
86 laborers, you'll suit. $60.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and G36 Clay st.
BIG MONEY MADE. • f
35 woodchoppcrs ; Mendocino County; 4-ft. pine;
$1 25 ccrd; boss at our office to-day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 630 Clay st.
AMALGAMATOR. $90.
4 machine miners, $90.
1 mlllman. $90.
1 concentrator man, flue vanner, $90.
. MURRAY & READY. «34 and 636 Clay st.
SPECIAL BY MIDNIGHT
TELEPHONE, TELEGRAPH AND LETTER
8 laborers, lumber yard, country, $G0.
BOYS.
6 boys for country box factory, $1 75 day.
Laborer for fireman or furnace work, $4 fd.
HELP AVANTED-— MALE Con.:
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade; the latest and most .Improved
method o£ teaching; the only incorporated
barber school with branches In the leading
cities on the coast. "For 1 particulars,'- call or
address, the Western College of Barbers, 647
Commercial st.. San Francisco, ' or ., '2QQ\i
South Broadway, room 20,' Los Angeles.
WANTED — A young man as stenographer who
can come well recommended; rapidity In tak-
ing dictation and transcribing notes on
' Smith machine are required; permanent po-
sition and good salary to proper person;
applicant will please I give experience and
references when replying. Box . 1718, Call.
WANTED for Fifteenth Cavalary Band — 1 cor-
net player, 1 alto player, 1 double B bass j
* player, 1 elide trombone player. Apply at >
Recruiting Office, Rialto building, New Mont- {
gomery st.. Ean Franci»co,;Cal.
SITUATIONS vacant for bookkeepers, stenogra-
phers salesmen, managers and clerka; tee us
and let us place you in a position or to bet-
ter the one you have. WILDE & CO.. Poal-
tlon Brokers, 759 Market st.. room 16. .
WANTED — An experienced salesman for wines
by a large wlnehouse; only salesmen thor-
oughly acquainted with the wine trade need
apply. Box 1316, Call office. .
WANTED — One first-class carriage blacksmith;
steady, employment at $3 to $3 50 per day of
0 hours. Apply to A. MEISTER & SON'S
CO., Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
added "100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50o per night.
WANTED— Enterprising man with some means
for a fishing- trip south; good wages and prof-
ile guaranteed. Apnly L. H., care W. S.
Ray. 42 Market St.
DENTIST wants all-around first-class reglu-
5 te.-ed man; rapid at crown and bridge work;
only good men need apply; salary $35 per
week. Hale Dental Co., 702 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
express or mall charges. 11 3d st.. Exam. bid.
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st.
A SNAP— 2-chalr shop complete; 2 living-rooms
furnished; cheap. U21 Harrison st,, nr Fifth.
BARBER shop for sale; 2 chairs; Hopkins st.,
2 doors from Postofflce. Upper Frultvale. j
FOR SALE— 2-chalr barber shop; a bargain.
Box 1615 Call office.
YOUNG men. sailors blacksmiths, carpenters,
green hands, for ships. Herman's, 27 Steuart.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Ceo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms:
free 'bus and baggage to and . from ferry. •-
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. in.
ALL sizes men's shoea. slightly damaged, half
price. ' 663 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts. '
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to ftOc. 6fi3 Mission st.. bet ¦ 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WANTED— SOLICITORS.
SOLICITOR wantefl to sell a good poison oak
and Tate's dandruff cure. r. Apply after 6
p. m., 300 Hayes st.
SALESMAN and solicitor. Mutual Investment
Co., 467 Parrott building.
' HORSES AMD WAGONS.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth st.; every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. .'OHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
AT auction Monday. April 18. at 11 o'clock,
at 615 Ellis Et.. a lot of well broken horses.
S. WATKINS. auctioneer.
SECOND-HAND open hacks, wagonettes, 3-
eeaters and business buggies. CORVILL
MANUFACTURING CO.. 48 Eighth st.
EAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
session begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CRKELEY, 510 Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Address Nucleus. 100 Stevenson. S.F.
WANTED — A good driving horse for- buggy.
Box 4142. Call office.
WANTED-^A gefrtl? saddle* horse:' one that"- a
lady can ride, Box'SO3C, Call office. .,
WANTED — A good driving horse; must, be
sound and reliable. Box 3050, Call office.
FOR sale — Handscme trap; cheap. Box 1215,
Call office. - .
Largest itnsortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd, sur-
rey.narnesa.work.drlvinR horses. 15th- Valencia-
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
LANGTON St., off Bryant— 4 rooms, yard and
MEDICAL — Continued. _
Dr». Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10; "hours, 10 to 5; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private liome- before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees. I ¦
MRS. DR. GWYER, having secured lease of
premises, is permanently . 'located at. 511A
Leavenworth St., bet. Geary and, O'Farrell.
DR. NG, TOY KEE, 319 Powell St.. opposite
Union Fquare ; all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLAKEOPS-^FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-197 Fremont Bt.
DOES -YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair it with elaterite; In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good .over old
Iron, tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
2D-HAND machinery* engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented, and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., ls °- 13^^ e^^
DESKS and Office furniture; $20,000 stock to
be sold before April 15; this stock can be
bought •' In large or small lots. • T. D. MC-
CARTHY CO.. 782 Mission. Phone Buah 467.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stop all I leaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front st. ; tel. Main 1428. .
FOR sale — 11-foot gasoline launch; price $275;
• can be seen at Flttock's boathouse, Park-
st. bridge. G. B.NAEGLE, 677 Twenty-flrsr
j st., Oakland. - ' '
A — FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st.,
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.,' Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear Bt.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 50 hats, $1 SO.
Popular Price Hatter, 330 Kearny St., near
Pine; open to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our- men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form I shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.'; catalog free.
NICE outfit cheap; dining and kitchen ware
for four people; send for list and price. Bot
1445.. Call. /
A NICE,' fresh young cow, healthy, rich milk,
to sell at a sacrifice. .3017 26th, nr. Church.
FOR sale — Grlndlng-stone, carpenters' " and
plumbers', tools; cheap. 053 Howard st.
FOR sale — Fresh Durham milch cow; family
use. 231 Mlramar ave., Ingleslde.
IMPROVED White sewing 'machine; all at-
tachments; perfect order; $8. . 1515 Polk st. j
$60— LATHE: almost new; coat me $150. MRS.
SIMON, 092 Sonoma ave.. Santa Rosa, Cal. .
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16, 319 Third st.; tel. Main 413.
NICKEL-plated show case and nickel- plated
collar case for sale. 424 Kearny st.
FOR sale — Very fine 5-months-old black male
Cocker soaniel pup. 204 Castro st.
48-ft- centerboard yawl yacht, $800: bargain.
C. F. O* CALLAGHAN. r. 39. Nevada Block.
FANCY pigeons; new Imported varieties; send
for list. C. WILSON. 229 Stevenson st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO.,35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush 853
BOOKS bought: libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister st. .
STEEL lined safe. 1800 pounds, $125. RlCH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market st.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN, 803 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
SAFES and cash' recisters, new and secoud-
hand. I. FREEMAN, 1.129 Market St. (
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p. . cheap. E. B. Beck & Co., 122 Mkt.
SLOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes, Twentieth
Centuries, Pucks. BACIGALUPI, 933 Market
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HEE-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains.' Bullard & Breck. 131 Post at.
SAFES— New and second-hand; -E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. . ., ¦¦ _
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all slies. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAKTS.
SHOES wanted; misfit & castoff; highest prcs. ;
new & 2d hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
sioxey to'loan. ' (
aXC^h^r^a^TmurphyT : 5 ~ ~
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlement*; no disappointments.'
Save expenses by dealing directly.
ALL UPRIGHTS: ' _ ;
, Fischer, new $325, now $150.
Hertx, new $300, now $67.
Miller, new $300. now $145.
3 Emerson, new $250 to $330. now $160.
2 Chtckerlng, new $450, now $100, $183.
2 Steinway, new $575. $760. now $185. $323.
Heine, new $575, now $333. -
Rents $2 up; Installments. $4 up. Rent ap-
plied If purchared.
HLINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.
Oakland— 1252 Broadway. : -. -
ABSOLUTE BARGAINS IN PIANOS.
tine in fair order..... $10
One a little better.......... IIS
Another, condition good.........; $23
Also a Chlckerlng, Mason St Harnlin. two
• Etelnways, Knabe, Vose. Sterling. Mayson.
Emerson, Halle t & Davis, Starr -and many
' others, from $55 up; easy terms; fully guar-
anteed. BEN J. CURT AZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell at. . • . • -
ONLY piano house In the city that will rent
you u. new piano for $3 per month and allow
[fli menths' rent and ¦ cartage i off purchase
price; sole agents • for McPhall, Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
$25; uprights. $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAUZY. 30S Post st. . -
$76; STEINWAY piano, cost $600, for sale on
$5 Installments. 1309 Gough St.. near Geary.
STEINWAY, nearly new; upright: A. Gabler.
- and Steck mahogany. 216 McAllister, at.
NEW upright pianos: sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCIIillTZ < t_CO ;: J£JJc^Ullst£r_^ : _ >
3-PEDAL Steinway up. ;Chlckering baby grand;
Shonlnger. little used. KeeflVs. 285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos, Cedllan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st-
OFFICES ASP STORES TO LET.
A— TURK, 236 near Jones-^New store, 53x130
feet, with splendid basement; sidewalk ele-
vator; will subdivide to suit tenant; excel-
lent opening for cafe and grill. SPECK &
CO.. 209 Montgomery Bt.
TO fet — Office or desk room; Mills building,
room 17. -seventh floor; rent reasonable. -
TO LET — For cigsr or sandwich stand. 143
; Third st.
> .... p . E fi?P_^ L 5l* .„„„„„,,•
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forget the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number, 781 O'Farrell Bt., near Larkin.
Call or write for book, free,
"Hints on Beauty." k:-\
NOTICE — Any one having claims agatnet me or
my business at 1CS Fourth st. will please
§ resent the same at said place and they will
e paid on presentation. - :
; E. R/ ARMSTRONG.
April 13. 1004. ' ' "
THE HERMANN SANITARIUM.
Insomnia, mental and nervous diseases cured:
liquor and* drug habits; massage; medicated
baths; country place Lake co. : terms to phy-
sicians; call or write. 1373 Waller, bet. Ma-
sonic ave. and Ashbury. at.; tel. Fell 837.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,1338 Polk.
A — MICROTINE, a positive cure for catarrh,
cold In the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections: send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO., 272 9th.
Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst Cases cured.
A FINE suit to ordex on easy Installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS, 1127 Market st..
between Seventh and Eighth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor, 721 Market st. .
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
812 Shot well: consultation free; call or write.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thura.. Sat.' and Sun.;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
BUSINESS and private correspondence solicit-
ed. Box 1202. Call office.
FREE treatment to ladles calling thin week;
Gem fac. mass, device; parlors 517 Taylor st.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. <lnc), tailor*. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
trlc needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight icures deafness and
c&tarrh. A'VIDA Co.. 3524 10th, nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MAEQCERADE' costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN &.CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1: at all druggists'.
REAL ESTATE-^rTY---FOR SALE.
— — ' t
AT AUCTION."'
YOUR CREDIT IS GOOD
, ;-.. - ( .ON PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
WE WILL LOAN YOU 90 PER CENT 0?
THE PRICE YOU PAY FOR AJIY LOT.
Only 10 per cent cash, balance payable In 9
semi-annual payments. Interest at the rate
of 6 per cent per annum.
GRAND CREDIT SALE. AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY. APRIL. 23. 1904,.
At 12 o'clock noon. .
' At our office and salesroom,
25 Post st.
83— BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE LOTS— 83. !
ON PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
ON PARNASSUS HEIGHTS. I »
- This property fronts on Hugo and I sts..
Second, Third and Fourth aves.; lots 23x110
and 25x120; corners 35x95.
Streets all aewered and side sewers to th«
curb line on each lot; granite curbs; cement
sidewalks; street paved with bituminous rock;
water mains In. .
Lots all level, on official line and grade sad
ready to -build on at once.
For further particulars apply to
BALDWIN A HOWELL.
25 POST ST.,
Or to Branch Office, adjoining the property.
corner H st. and Seventh ave. Open ¦ entry
day.' Including Sundays and holidays.
AUCTION — 18 marine rtew, park and pan-
handle lots: Fulton St.. street work done;
Parker ave. (100 feet wide); North Stanyan
ft.: McAUl'ter-street cars pass property;
THURSDAY. April 21. at 12 o'clock noon.
Union Square Hall. 421 Post St.; terms. 1-3
cash, balance 1 and 2 years at 6 per cent:
observatory on ground, from which view of
city, bay and ocean can be seen.
C "* a j
«T" '• 7IF~Z I M
£3 /y g. f|
5;cT p .."/*?* - ¦ I -•
?..ri P) M* to I §* .
s^TT t/e tt • I a
v "«*• *t. ill em,
For further particulars and catalogues. «p-
Ply to HENRY STERN of David Stern *
eons, auctioneer and real estate broker, ' 11
Montgomery at.
ELEGANT new fiat, 6 large sunny rooms, all
modern; rent lew to responsible party. S74
Valencia ft., near Twentieth.
TENANTS about to move frvm beautiful new
flat. 1254 California st. <Nob Hill), will sell
mw carpets to next tenant at bargain.
WANTED — Party to share a modern flat, x-a-
«-ant May 1 ; rent $35 ; nine rooms. Call at
13<"3'i Waller st. for particular*.
TWEXTY-FECOND, 2T>54. near Dolores— 5
roomg and bath; double parlors: rent $15.
DOWNTOWN modern sunny flat; 9 rooms,
balh; every convenience. 5CS Post. nr. Hyde.
FLAT. 6 rooms and bath; $20. 1C09 Folsom st.
GREEN. 2065 — Eunr.y English basement flst;
bay view; 7 rooms. -bath; lawn rear.
LAKE St.. near Ninth »v«. — Two new 6-roorn
f tiff ; rent $25 and $3fi.
LARGEST !Ut of houses and flats to let. Call
on LTON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery Bt.
LIBERTY. 7»— New. «-room and bath flat;
reasonable. - - ¦ » • ¦
TURK. 1218 — Sunny lower flat; three rooms;
windows all around: $12 month; yard.
UPPER fiat, 7 eunr.y rooms and bath. 2611*4
Eutter at.
WALLER, «n. corner Carmellta — Modern flat,
7 rooms and bath.
6 NICE, large rUrny rooms, lower flat; rent
; $22 50. 22«H« Haight «.; key at 226 Haight.
$13— UPPER flat of 4 euncy rooms; 27 Pearl
rt.. off Market, near Valencia. ¦ , - - .
CHEAPEST and beet in America — The Weekly
Call. 16 p&ges. cent to any address tn the
tTnited gtaten or Canada on* year for \\.
FIjATS TO LET KL'ItMSHED. •
KHGE. 1302 — Punry, 8-roora flat; nicely fur-
nished; on<=- block from park; for summer
months; ?37 So. J. ¦-.
rURNIEHED flat. 7 rooms; 726 14th pt.;
north of Market; modern flat; carpets new.
EOUTH PARK. 19— T"urnlEhcd* upper flat nl
ft fPorrtF: rent r^yor.able. Arply 1:30 to 5.
I'LAT* FOR. SALE FUKX1SUED. •
NEW carpets and furniEhtnga of 7-room flat for
eale at rreat bargain; fiat rents for $37 50
per month; lease Indefinite. Inquire at 770
Ccle st -
LOVELY new flat; eun in every room; furn. al-
m-.^t new; cheap rent; (2S5.' Call' 10 to 3.
242. Noe «... near Market.
NICELY furrilfhed flat. « rooms and bath, for
rnl*; frit cheap; $323. 301 Fulton el.
FfRMTl'RE FOR SALB.
FURNITURE— Lady who la leaving city will
e«ll very reasonable new modern furniture
of 4 rooms; Apply from 10 a. m. to 7 p. m.,
IMS Broadway, neer Van Nfes ave.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, rtoves and
household goods; flsts bought. Mission Auc.
House, 429-438 Valencia: tel.' Church 3870
FlRNITfRE of !* rooms for sale cheap: r«nt
reasonable. A^ply 813 Folsom St., .. upstairs.
A~% BEDROOM e*t for pale cheap at 525
Haight ct. '
FIR* nV HE WAKTED. ¦'
LEVY. — ™—
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jeesle 761.
Don't sell your» furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHA8 LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 4«7.
A. L. ETORR8 pays highest eaeh prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc. : tel. Larkin 2631. 634 Ellis.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 MlBxton. phone Red 4462.
buys, rente, repair*, parka furniture, carpets.
B. T. SCHELL. 2412 Mission, tel. Church 6570,
pays, best prices for turntture. carpets, etc.
HIGHEST prices for furniture end mdse. L H.
• KURD. aucUonter.lfclb Mkt.;tel.Howard 2756. •
Elde. Rc«enbium & Abraham, lira Market st.
FIRST-clas? cants finisher wanted; steady
work; at 526 Montgomery st., room 8.
WANTED — First-class finisher on pants;
steady work. 104 Kearny st., top floor.
GIRL for reneral housework; wages $25. 2114
Central ave.
WANTED — Girl for general work about hotel.
1502 Kentucky et. •
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
HELP WANTED^ — MALE.
AT^raE^CAUFOR^LvnEMPrAGENCY,
14 Third St.; phone Bush 403.
NEVADA.
GOVERNMENT WORK; 8 HOURS.
I Teamsters, laborers and drillers, $2 to $2 60
a day; ship daily; fare refunded; 2 years'
work.
4 ranch ' hands, Sonoma County. $26 and f d.
2 ranch teamsters, $35 and found.
3 ranch- hands, Sonoma Co., $25 a month,
board and bed. '
4 laborers, city. 9 hours. $2 25 a day.
4 men for rock Quarry, $ttf> a month.
5 carpenters, 8 hours, $3 SO a day.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY. .
526 — Montgomery st.' — 526.
Phone Main 1191 — Usstatrs.
NEVADA — S hours-— Government work.
Cheap fare — Teamsters, laborers.
Blacksmith, mine, couth, good Job, $3.
5 more laborers, free fare, near city, ship
to-day. $2; 3 woodchoppers. mine, south.
$37 «t found; S laborers, large lumber co.,
$32 found; 10 boys, box factory, country,
$1 C5; 10 farm hands. $26 to $30; 6 car-
penters, long Job. north, $S0 found; third
cook, city>iotM: porter, city hotel, $20.
PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY,
95 Third et. Telephone Main 5521.
First-class waiter, city hotel. $50 and board;
cook, city hotel. $40 and board; Stanch hands,
near cltyl $1.25 and board; 10 laborers, near
city. $2.
Teamsters for Nevada $2 25
Laborers -. ....' .$2 00
HORD & SMITH.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton st. — Relief cook,
$15 a week: second cook. $50; waiter, near
city. $30; young man to learn waiting, $20
to etart: a steady man as porter for private
Institution." $20 and found; vegetable man,
$30: plain gardener, vegetables and lawns,
fanta Barbara. $30; 2 Frenchmen for vlne-
yard. $3u. etc. ¦
X HOTEL Gaswtte. 26 Montgomery st.. r. 12 —
Cook. $«0; waiter for help's hall. $25.
__ ¦ -
Men to learn the berber trade In two month*
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. C35 Clay st.
PAPERHANGERS 1 wanted, only first class, on
Ilnorusta wcrk. JOHN QUADT. 1014 Msr-
ket et.
$50— STEADY msn to run cigar store; no
nirht work; will make $75 month. 310
Folsom *t.
WANTED — A' middle-aged man to assist In
housem-ork; references wanted. Apply 406
Van N<*« ave.
WANTED— Good steady barber. 509 Califor-
nia Bl.
WANTED— A cook. 1807 Folsom et.
SOBER German; etesdy; refs; handy tend bar,
wlnehouse ; married > pref . Box 1433,' Call.
WANTED — Youth for a flower store. Apply
at 317 Sutter st.
WANTED— Good butcher f"r shop work and
taking orders. Call at 1332 Kentucky st.
WANTED — Good painters and Unters. 142
Ste.irwr st. , - \. , '
WANTED— A sign „ writer. C. P. . FINGER.
San Mateo.. * ¦•.'..' . -
RESPONSIBLE n-sn to drive wagon Thursday
and Friday. 663 Valencia st.
BOYS wanted at the Price Cutter's. 616 Mar-
ket eU ' . '. • 1
Tool drcsner, oil wells, boss here, $75.
Third cook, city cafe. $50 found.
3 boys, learn wait on table, city, $20 found.
12 Finsle hand miners, boss here. $S2 50.
2 stablemen, mine town $40 and found.
BOSS HERB.
Double-cut band sawyer, L. Co., $5 day.
12 laborers, K>c rare, $1 25 day and found.
Floorman, blacksmith shep, country, $76 fd.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
Ranch carpenter, put up house for pumping
plant, fare 60c; ?50 and found.
Jobbing blacksmith, no horseshoeing, $50 fd.
Painter, city. $3 day.
Handy man. painting, carpentering, city,
$2 50 day.
FOREMEN— PRIVATE RAILROAD.
2 track foremen. $2 75 o $3 day.
LOOK!
6 bricklayers, highest wages.
LOOK! *
Porter, city, bakery and restaurant. $35 fd.
Grocery porter and clerk, fare $3. $30 found.
AGAIN!
6 men to work in hop fields, fare $1 50, $26
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st
" '. TRINITY COUNTY. ~~*
YOUR FARE PAID PAID.
12 miners. $%2 50. ¦ .
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
'¦ TOGETHER— NEVADA STATeT
2 camp blacksmiths. Government. $60 found.
2 drill eharpeners. Government. $60 found.
Car repairer Government. $60 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
CARPENTERS. ETC. '
2 carpenters. 8 hour*, city, boss here, $4 day.
2 rough carpenters, city. $2 50 day.
2 carpenters, factory. 30c fare. $75.
Young man, little experience, painting, $45.
LOOK
Pprter, city .cafe. $30. ' •
Second cook, baker, fare 40c. $45 found.
Cook. $50; dishwaeher," $25. fare 76c. good bh.
Young man. city bakery, $35.
2 "teamsters, vineyard, Santa' Clara County,
$30 and found.
Man. milk 6 cows, learn make butter, pri-
vate family, $25 and found.
Man as roustabout, private family, fare $1,
$25 and found.
2 young men. city mill, you'll suit, $9 week.
Best places at . MURRAY & READY,
Biggest wages at 634-636 Clay st.
HARNESS, saddle and collar makers.
Cutters and machine hands.
MAIN & WINCHESTER. ' .
J. C. JOHNSON & CO.,
L. D. STONE CO.. j
W. DAVIS & SON,
' San Francisco,- Cal. • •
A. A: VAN VOORHIES & CO.,
'Sacramento, Cat-
'¦', •¦-' ' ' i'^'.w-"
WANTEI* for U. 8. army; able-bodied un-
marrled men. between ages of 21 and 35;
citizens of the United States, of good charao-
. ter and temperate habits, who can speak,
read and write English. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer, Rialto building.
New Montgomery st.', San Francisco, or 101!»
Second fct.. Sacramento, Cal. . .
FOR sale — Half Interest In 8-chair barber shop,
wholesale district. 8T0LTZ. 723 Market st.
WANTED — Young man from 18 to 20 years of
age for office work. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' , ; - ; ..
COATMAKER or bushelman for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS. «V CO.. 24 : Sutter st.
WANTED — A reliable, elderly man as watch-
man. Call 111 Larkin st.
WANTED — Sailors for Australia; fishing and
. islands. LANE. 604 Davis st.
YOUNG man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. ' 741 A Howard' st. ;• •
BOYS to collect -order* for calling cards.; Ap-
ply by mall. J. J. KIRBY. 1610 Page St.' .
RELIABLE experienced porter, for ¦ restaurant;
$35 to $40; state references. ' Box .1688. Call.-
WANTED— A day cashier; good references.' - 29
Stockton st. " ;' . ¦" v'
BARBER — Good downtown ehop: banrain; slck-
nesa cause of selling. DECKELMAN.UROS.,
iu6 eiiu st: - .¦.'¦"¦ -'emmsm^i
basement; ,$11. Apply G. A. LEROUX. 2'J
New Montgomery Et.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st.
HUl'SKS FtRMSHED FOR SALE.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 305 — 9-room house; rea-
sonable: clean: payments; leaving city.
STJBTJBBAIT HOUSES FOjE BAjEB.
FOR sale — In Sausalito. 4-room cottage; de-
lightful situation; shade trees, fine well of
water; will tell very cheap, small payment
down; also a property with Income of $90
per month for $5000; }2500 cash, balance on
loan. Box 1625. Call office.
LAUNCHES FOB KIBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
at.: for pleasur* and business. : tel. Bush 534.
LOST AND POUND. ~
LOST— Two passbooka.with the Hibernla Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the names of ANNIE CUNNINGHAM and
JOHN CUNNINGHAM: Nos. 244-1403 and
249-935. The finder will pleas* return to
bank. ' - - .
$20 REWARD — Strayed or stolen, April 8, from
Geary and Market ets.,- bay hor.se with left
foot branded; 74 under mane; business
buggy, red gear and dark body. Return to
1850 Green St.; tel. Geary 2732.
ON Powell and Ellis, a small fox terrier,
brown ears and brown spot on back near
tall; answering name of Tiny. Novelty Thea-
ter; $50 reward; Friday evening, 10:30.
WILL, party, who '.found purse, containing
money, tax receipts, : keys, etc., on 1 o'clock
narrow gauge train at pier yesterday, kindly
return same to 270 Thirteenth St.? . .•
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of JAMES KILLEBREW. No. 258-1258.
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Lady's gold watch; gentleman's picture
inside: liberal reward/ 228 Oak St., upstairs.
LOST — Bunch of small keys. Reward If re-
turned to Call office. '¦ • . • , #
LOST— Enameled butterfly pin with diamond In
center; reward, $10. 106 Sutter st.
LOST— A quitclaim deed; liberal reward. Re-
turn to M.' J. P.. 1846 Polk st.
LOST — Lady's gold watch and chain; mono-
gram N. F. C. Liberal reward, 616 R.R. ave.
~~~~~~ MEDICAL. >--•'¦¦;
LADIES desiring safe,' sure, and quick relief
from .Irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always saf o, painless and reli-
able; 1 have no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND , ADVICE FREE.
¦ . Cures guaranteed or no S pay; 17 \ years', ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or write
without delay; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
A — LADIES, If you are suffering from lrregu-
laritles or any ailment you will avoid . dis-
appointments by consulting me first. ' . My
method of treatment Is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee immediate relief • from
any case \ or - make no charges. : Advice ¦ free.
Call Or write DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Ktarny.
ALWAYS be advised and treated by a grad-
- uate physician; positively the only one here,
capable and willing to restore you. to happi-
ness; relief -for Irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladles; - if In trouble consult ¦' him
.without cost or fee: "call or write; conflden-
tlal. DR. R.H.WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
DR.-G W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
In trouble consult - this : specialist ' on female
• ' complaints;- positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most; difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1 1018 -- Market at.* ' ¦¦-,
MRS. DR. WrETH, specialist ! for ,; all female
complaints and . irregularities; instant ' relief
guaranteed; "30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities;/ Instant re-'
¦¦'- lief guaranteed. 1008% Market- at.'. aopp. 5th.*
DR and MRS. and HINDOO HERBS;
/original method of, treatment. 1126 Market at.
DR. ROSEN, resides. 2995, Folsom . st., -corner
26th: ladies. ¦ r«lief or no fee: ilQ.
. ¦--•¦¦ y ¦-- t- ¦,:_'¦. :: ¦ - :'.'•;. . ¦_ • <
Ectatea, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust,
etc.: legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. i
Courteous treatment.- Strictly confidential.
' When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK,
INTEREST 5% AND 0 PER CENT.
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
Any amount udvanced on city, Oakland, town
and country real estate.
Second mortgages, estates In probate, undi-
vided interests In real estate, property In trust;
loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
107-8-9 CROCKER BUILDING.,
POST AND MARKET ST8.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 8d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country. -
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels.'
- . Location, etc. ' ¦
"'¦;¦¦ , Box 408. Call office.
SALARY Loans—
. Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge or employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
Ft. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables: our fireproof valut Is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity." PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton ;phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried, people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, . without
security; easy payments; large - business In
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bid.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F Collateral Loan Bank. C38 Kearny.
3% ON furniture A pianos; $15 uj>; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st.
ANY amount : quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. CS Donohoe bldg.. 1^70 Market st.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs),' loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month:
absolute privacy..' Phone Bush 4S4.
HIGHLY respectable private place, to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, -at 2
per -cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
' 846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch.19 Third.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prlvacy;no commission ;inetallments accepted.
¦BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory; building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal*,
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet.' conOdentlal. 20 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
MONEY, to loan on low Interest; cold, silver,
' diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. .-
STAR I Loan ¦ Co. of j Wyoming loans ' money I to
; salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Eav. . Bk.
- bid.; Oakland office, 1103 M Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE; 103 Grant ay*.;
LOANS FROM- $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To' wage earners on unin-
- dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms - 4S-49 :; Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without ", security: " on furni-
ture. * Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount . Agency. -. 143 . Phelan . bids;. . -. ; >• :
1 PER cent on furniture or piano, 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. > 708 Market st. :
CASH: loaned 'salaried people on notes without
lndoreer.' ;. MORELL.i 609 Examiner ; building. •
[TYPEWRJTERS^A^^y^P^lEg.^
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington." No. ! 1
Smith - Premier. $25; ; other > typewriters at
higher, and ' lower : prices; rentals $2 50. .The
Typewriting ¦ Exchange. 530. California st- v :¦
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get' par-
tlculars of L. fc M. ALEXANDER. , 110 Moat-
". ' gomery st. ;? ¦ ¦• ..¦•%-;;¦ '"'rv - V ¦¦'¦-'- "¦:¦ : :
2D-HAND typewriters* sold. , rented." repaired.
, - Webater ' Type writer ¦ Insnec. Co.. 008 Market.
; FALMISTHY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St., near Geary. Phone Black 581.
PHYSICIANS AND SCRGEON*.
DltT c" C. O" DONNELL— Of flee and residence.
1021H Msrket st bet. 6th and 7th; parUcu-y
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073K Market at
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at US- 117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Gaary st.. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. U To
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of humaa
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO. the famous h«rb doctor— All dla-
«a»es cured by Chinese herbs. 748-8 Clay at.
8PECIALIST3. V
CATARRU, DEAFNESS and NOISES in BAK3
. positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free Dr. Cottlngham. 204^ Sutter at.
STORAGB AND WAREHOUSES.
A^ EMPORIUM 'storage * Van "Oxt turnltureT
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 723-
i "SI Howard St., nr. Third: phone Grant HI.
»
A— GILBERT * 6TOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. O. and Van
Ness; office 1236 Market, r. 84; tel. South 750.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., Of-
flce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex. 5T1.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 833 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 120.
GOLDEN .West Storage; advances made. ¦. 840
Mission St.: tel. Howard ML F. W. Zehfnss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving.Com-
' pany. 2320 Flllmore st. : phone Jackaon 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
at.: tel Main 1840. Shipping at cut rates.
REAL ESTATE— CITY—FOR SALE.
Open for inspection Sunday, 0 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MUST BE SOLD. MUST BE SOLD.
Beautiful modern residence; -
No. 1931 Golden Gate ave..
Near corner of Baker st.
Within two blocks of Park Panhandle.
Residence of 8 rooms, attic and largo billiard-
room ; separate bath and j totlet rooms.
Rooms artistically tinted; beautiful mantels
with gas grates; elegant gas and electric .fix-
tures throughout; driveway concrete,- with 1%
inches top cement;' driveway, provided' with
gas and. electric lights; large stable in rear,
suitable for automobiles,- carriages, etc.; en-
tire floor cemented; .drain pipe connections,'
making same perfectly sanitary; electric lights.
MUST BE SEEN TO BE APPRECIATED.'
CORNER Polk and I Sacramento sts. ; 127 :SVi x
155 feet; ¦ income with present ¦ lnprovements
. $525 month; no agents; cash* bids. Address
box 1739. Call. _ -¦•-.. . :
FOR , sale — Neat • cottage, 4 rooms : and bath;
I largu, ; basement: '.terras same as rent. Apply
owner, lumber ; yard. ; southeast corner Ala-'
bama and - Montcalm sts.;-'
CHEAP— Neat cottage, 6 rms., bath, basement.
' garden, stall for horse, cars handy, st. work
, ; done. 179 ; Corbett ave.". bet. 17th and ISth. ;
BUILD- your;, unimproved realty; we loan full
, cost lmprov.- and part lot at 6%. i MANHAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK.' Crocker building. ;
GREAT S reduction': for 10 days only; ;' elegant
business location; « lot -62x90; Valencia »t..
;¦;-. near 22d. . PATTERSON. Examiner ¦ bids. ,
TWO rretty homes Just completed in the Mls-
sion; 6 rooms, bath: about $1000 down.' bal-
: ance easy.- See MOISE. .320 Sansome st.
$1300 — FINE cottage; - good .location: easy
¦ terms; street wcrk done. Apply 3316 Mission.
EASTON. ELDRIDGB A OCX.
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SAL3 I .!
I
Saturday. April 23. 1904. In the- City of Cttes*
Of Town Lots and Acrear* ' Property, ti«
Ninth Addition of th*
' John Bldwell Rancho,
Fronting on Humboldt Avenue ¦ '
— ~\v\
The excursion train will Ieare Baa Trandsea
on Friday. April 23. at 8 p. m.. from th«
Market-street ferry, leaving; Sacramento at
3:80 a..m. Saturday, and will be do* at Chleo
en Saturday, April 23, early In the. mornlns;.
Pullman cars will be run with th* train aa4
double- berths can b« secured for two nights,
round trip, for $2. Returning, the train wlli
leave Chlco Saturday evening;. 10 o'clock, ar-
riving In San Francisco early on Sunday morn*
Special rtduced round trip tickets Cram an
la?erm«dlate points.' rood on local or excur-
sion train, of a sincls far* ons way for tat
round trip.' ¦ • • ¦
For further particulars, apply
EASTON. ELDRIDGB A CO,
63S Market sC >
SNAPS. ~< ~- '
$8600—3 flats. 8 rooms each; baths; on lot M
xll4; Twenty-seventh st.; upper flat fur-
nished. - '
$2400— Cottage, B rooms and bath: Twenty -
seventh St.; lot 24x114; must be told; of-
fer wanted.
$3500— 2-story house. 7 rooms; modern: lot
20x125; Fair Oaks st. between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth.
$550—2 lots; street sewered and graded; cheap.
$1600— Lot 25x97; street and sidewalk bltu-
minlzed. -
J. F. PLUMBS. 1402 Valencia »t.'
$10,850— CASH $2000; 3 swell flats not yet com-
pleted, but rented for $1200 per year; Seventh
ave. boulevard, 760-2-4. near Fulton st; 18
minutes from City Hall: all night car ser-
vice; every possible latest Improvement, In-
cluding bltumlniied street; 25x120. Apply oa
premises from 2 to 5. -. - -. .
$1.25 PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots In the
Excelsior Homestead Tract: all level: no
grading . to do: ready to build your little boms
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
28 Montgomery at., room 5. ¦¦ i
$6500 — BARGAINS; dependable artistic homes:
S sold this week; "Success" the best adver-
tisement; If interested in home building. In-
spect tbese houses. 859 Clayton st.. E. side.
S. of Frederick: Masonic ave. cars to door.
JOHN STIERLEN. owner, bulldsr: premises.
THREE fifty- vara -lots on Lombard st., near
Buchanan, at a bargain: fine site for flats;,
back to 35-foot street: 50-vara lot on Grove
and Ln'tt-sts.: good Investment for builders.
6ELBY, P.ODGERS & CO.. 116 .California.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANT,
INSTALLMENT HOMES. &12 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month > Days principal - and Interest oa
each $1000 of balance due. making your In-
ttallments leas than rent: atnd for circular.
$100 DOWN and $20 mo.— Cottage. 5 r. * b..
on Clipper at.; one of 6 r. * b.. on Elizabeth..
$2700— Cottage. 8 r. & b.. in West Park st.
$2750— Cottage. . 6 r. and b.: 12 Day st.
D. COFFIN Jfc CO.. 3233 Mission at.
AWAY below cost; big bargain; owner must
sell; McAllister- at. lot. Box . 1333. Call.
ALL work guaranteed , first class by ALH-'
:.BACH A MAYER. Plumbers. 836 Howard at.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'^M'TS
;; BULL ;, VALLK Y 1 J»EA^^3JATB :L^
$6000 — AN elegant modern 0-room bouse; every
convenience; fine view; corner lot: must t>»
sold : on account of death in f amfly. DR^i T.
B. CLIFFORD. 322% Third St.. > San Fran-
cisco: phone 'James 406. . : , -. -
t-wiO IDEAL • home, '• 5 large 'rooms and bath,'
• etc. furnished; large grounds; beautifully
situated '- near station; rents $30. P. O-box
130. Mill Valley. •' . " : -'''¦¦•¦"
¦' Continued on Page- T«fc ' ___Fair, Official Resigns.
ST. LOUIS. April 17.— Henry Rustin. chief
electrical • and mechanical ' engineer, of th»
Wcrld'3 Fair. " has - temlerwl -' his resignation,
owing- to' ill health.' Officials of the expoaltioc
declined to-night to state whether It had be«5 ,
accepted.
.ThejfollowingsCalifornians are regis
tred ! at > the !, hotels : ';r,*At i the Raleigh—
W. R. Young of San5Francisco.,: At the
New ; Willard^-Mr^: and'i ! Mrs. ft Frank
Jaynes : ;of-Sari f Francisco* and 'William
E. Smythe of San Diego. . ;
WASHINGTON, April 17.— The fol
lowing War Department orders have
been Issued: Captain Charles S.""Wal
lace is relieved from duty as signaCof
ficer, Department of the i Missouri, " and
will - proceed to"< Seattle on duty in con
nection with the* installation of j the ca
ble system in Alaska!' Captain Charles
F. Humphrey Jr.,^quartermaster,' will
repair, to this city to participate in con
sultation on official;;. business pertain
ing to matters ; relating to; the contem
plated purchase ' of .leaseholds f or lands
for, a military reservation -.upon which
a " new, v post / is to { be constructed -': at
Honolulu, Hawaii Territory, and -upon
completion of this • fluty.; will , proceed to
San Francisco and ' report | to ", the com
manding s general, i Department of ; Cali
fornia,; for, assignment to duty. as. quar
termaster at * Honolulu.? Captain 5 Hum
phrey^ will proceed ¦ on' a'transport l - from
San> Francisco \io"i Honolulu, and i will
assume charge,^ .under .:' direction f of ': the
quartermaster general,: of , "all construc
tion work : in V the Ivicinity Jof Honolulu.
Private \ Fred E.'^Wheaton,' Company i C,
signal % corps, ,: at i Benicla ; ; Barracks, .; is
transferred to ¦< Company, A, - Sixteenth
Infantrj', Fort v Slocum, New • York. : "
. iNavy ;orders-t-Assistan % tf. Paymaster
H. B.* Worden; is bordered to ' the - Pensa
cola; naval j training; station/April '¦ 25, for
instructions.',. ., . '. . \ -.,—-'
OF INTEREST \ TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
(120th Meridian — Paciflo Ttmn.) ¦ \
SAN FRANCISCO. April 17— » p. m.
The following are the seasonal * rainfalls
I to date as compared with those of same'dater
last season and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours : . -
Laat This Last
I Stations — * 24 hours, season, season.
Eureka ......... O.OO : M.73 • 49. W
Red Bluff O.0O 2S.29 23.15
Sacramento 0.00 15.92 16.62
San Francisco.: O-.0O l.*>.3« 1S.2S
Fresno. O.OO 6.63 8.50
Independence 0.00 2.55 *.-2.3t
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 14.00 -. 18.49
Los Angeles 0.00 7.73 19. 2»
San Diego 0.00 4.09 11.63
THE COAST RECORD. .
"~~ k" ' K - K v" ~« 3
. . 3 a 3 aa .- 1% ¦•;¦«"
STATIONS. % \% 33 _¦_ "-?'*• ¦
' , ..: % :.$. :. ... : §
. _'. •¦. »' » • ¦• ' ' ' \
Baker 29.92 68 34 SE Oondy !o5
Carson 29.78 ft4 32 W CTear .00
Eureka ......30.00 58 50 W Clear -CO
Fresno 29.88 76- 46 . W Clear .CO
SE. Farallon.29.99 62 57 W Clear .CO
Flagstaff :.-.. 29.84 "66 26 SW Clear .00
Pocatello ....29.92' 60 S4 E Clear .««»
Independence .29.80 «8 43 S Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 29. 96 70. 48 W Clear .CO
Mt Tamalpais29.9T 58 42.-8W' Clear .00
North Head. .29.94 5« 4« NW Cloudy T.
Phoenix ...r.29.74~ 88 52 . NW Clear .PO
Pt. Reyes.... 2».92 5S 41), W -Clear .CO
Portland 29.84 68 4S SW. Cloudy .02
Red Bluff..... 2». 98 68 * 48 ' SE - Pt.Cldy .CO
Roseburg ¦....29.80 6« 50 NW Rain .01
Sacramento ..23.92 <8 48 . S Cloudy .CO
Salt Lake .... 29.90 64 38 NW Clear ..CO
San Francisco.20.98 62 50 W Clear .0o
S L Oblspo. .29.96, 66 4« • W • Clear .0<>
San "Diego.... 29. 96 64 50NW;Clear .("0
Seattle ..... .29.88 64 '4ONW Cloudy T.
Spokane ...:. 29. 98 62 S2 NE Cloudy .»v>
Tatoosh ...'.V;29.S.S 52 44 E Rain -0.T
Walla Walla.. 29. 88 70 42 NE Cloudy .m
Wlnnemucca .29.74 ¦ 6S 36 SW Cloudy .00
Yuma ........29.96. 88 52 W. .Clear .C>0
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather - prevails from Central Cali
fornia northward- over the Pacific «lope, and
fair . weather ¦ south. Light showers ha\9
fallen in Western Oregon and along tbe Wash
ington coast, y : - ;: "
The pressure has fallen slowly -west of "tb«
Rocky Mountains, and -a shaltow depreistcn
overlies Nevada. Southeastern California, and
Western Arizona. *
.: The temperature' has risen over the plateau
1 1 11 1 1 1 1 1 '. "jp >mjffii J ffltiTff a TJStt i^fMB
¦ Forecast : made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending; midnight. April 18: '
¦' Northern California — Monday cloudy over
tho north ¦ portion, fair • In . south; portion, prob
ably showers on extreme northwest coast; light
west 'wind. ..
Southern -'California — Fair » Monday;'"" light
west wind. ' -V < . • ' - :
Nevada — Cloudy Monday.
-., San ' Francisco and vicinity—^Fair .Monday;
fresh west " v wlnd.
G.'H. • WILLSON; Local* rorcaster. •
Joseph Ford, secretary of the Glass
Blowers' Union, was shot in: the head
and seriously . wounded . by George
Pearson in a Sixth street lodging
house early yesterday morning. The
men are supposed to have quarreled
over Cora Evans, a. woman of the
place. While; trying to escape, Pear
son jumped from^a window, and.. was
badly injured.; Both men were taken
to the Emergency Hospital.
According to . Ford*s story, he, in
company with Pearson and 1 a sailor,
entered the woman's room. All were
under the: influence of liquor. ..The
sailor was sent to # purchase whisky
and while he was* gone Ford says
Pearson drew a pistol and deliberately
shot him. Pearson then jumped from
a window to a . shed and was badly
bruised. He was captured by Police
man McEntee.-;; The? Evans -woman
was arrested.' The sailor escaped.
SHOOTS FRIEND DURING
QUARREL OVER A WOMAN
Weather Report.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, April 17..
U S stmr C P Patterson. Pratt, -8 days from
Seattle. . . .
Br stmr Gaelic. Finch. 29- days 1 hour and
46 minutes from Hongkong, via Yokohama IS
days '17 hours and 62 minutes, via Honolulu
6 days 6 hours and 12 minutes.
Stmr Spokane. , Nopander. 18 hours from
Eureka. •
Stmr Mackinaw, Storrs, 106 hours from
Tacoma.
Stmr Montara Reilly. 90 hours from Seattle.
Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson. 14 'hours from
Greenwood.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, .18 hours from Moss
Landing. n ., * ..
Ger stmr, Amasis. Jansen. 3% days from
Vancouver;, put in to finish loading.
Stmr Iao.ua. Jorgensen, 22 hours from
Eureka: bound south; put in for passengers.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson. . 7 hours from San
Vicente Landing. , '
Bktn W H Dimond. Hansen. 22 days from
Honolulu. ' -' I'--.'
Schr Newark, Reinertsen. . 19 ¦ hours from
Little River.
: Schr Mary C. Campbell,. 8 hours from Bo
dega.
Schr Falcon. Anderson, 32 hours from Fort
Bragg.
SAILED.
Sunday. April 17.".
. Stmr Czarina, Johnson. Coos Bay.-
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander. San Diego.
Rtmr Westport Smith, Westport.
Stmr Santa Cruz. Alberts. San Pedro. - .
' Stmr Maggie. Corning, Halfmoon Bay. ;
Stmr Oregon, Doran, Portland/ and Astoria.
Stmr Brunswick. EUefsen. Ftfrt Bragg.
Rtmr Del Norte, Payne, Crescent City. ,
Stmr laqua. :' Jorgenson. San Pedro.
Ship McLaurin. Hammer. Bristol -Bay.
! Bark B P Cheney. Johnson, Bristol Bay.
Schr Conflanza. Johnson. .
Schr. Ida A, Campbell. Point Reyes.
Schr Omega. Nyman, Coos Bay.
Schr Del Norte. Frenz, Rogue River.
:•""' OUTSIDE BOUND IN.
12 p m— Schr Advent. - '
¦>-< ? ;i ; ; " TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 17. 10 p m— Weather
clear; wind west; velocity 12 miles per hour.
> . SPOKEN.
March 30, per bktn W H . Dimond — Lat
23 66 north Ion 156 53 west, bark Alden Besse,
from Honolulu, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT REYES — Passed April 17, 9 :58 a m —
Stmr San Gabriel, from Umpqua River, via
Eureka, for San Pedro. .„ „._. '-?¦''
TATOOSH — Passed out April, 17— Ship Star
of France, from Ladysmith. for Alaska; bark
Fresno from Belllngham. for Naknek.
Passed in April 17— Nor stmr Titania. hence
April 14 for Nanaimo; stmr City of Puebla.
hence April 14 for Victoria.
Passed out April 17— Ger bark Octavla,
.from , Belllngham. for Callao.; ship. Eclipse
from Blaine, for Naknek; schr James Rolph,
GRAYS . HARBOR— Arrived -April 16— Schr
Expansion, hence April- 12. and not from San
Pedro, as " previously • reported. " -- ':.,-;
SEATTLE— Sailed April 1^ 3 a m— Stmr
Santa Ana. for Valdez. . _ -_ -¦ -_•'¦"'¦
' PORT GAMBLE — Arrived April,. 1» — Schr
Queen, hence April 9.-- / \ '-"¦' ~
PORT HARFORD— Sailed April 17, 3 p m—
Stmr Bonita. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived April,' 16— Stmr Aber
deen.* hence April 14. ¦ •-•"•' L
Sailed April 17— Bark Harry Morse, for
Alaska: ship Berlin; for Bristol Bay; bktn
James .Tuft, for Klaochau. -
¦¦¦ BANDON — Sailed. April 17— Schr - Onward,
for San Francisco; echr Western -* Home, for
San Francisco; stmr Elizabeth, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Chtco. for Portland, via Coos Bay.
EUREKA — Arrived April : 17 — Stmr .Alliance,
hence April ,16: stmr Pomona, hence April 16;
bark Coloma. from San Diego. ,
Sailed April 17— Stmr Francis H Leggett.'
for San Pedro.*- '• " '• .
PORT -TOWNSEND— Sailed April 17— Bark
James Nesmlth, for Manila. » : ~
SAN PEDRO— Sailed April IB— Tug' Sea
Rover for San Francisco, with stmr . Cabrillo
„ Arrived -\April 17— Bktn WilHIe R '-'. Hume,*
from Ballard. . ...-¦- . .' ' . , ¦
: . ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Sailed April 17— Bark Olym
pic ¦ for San Francisco.
Arrived April \ 17— Jap stmr America Maru,
from Yokohama/for • San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
• KOBE — Arrived ' April 15— Schr " Forester,
from Portland. 1 :. . "-. '¦.•'/
OCEAN STEAJtERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived' April 17— Stmr Lu
canla, for New York. »*
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed, April/ -, 17— Stmr
Etrurla -for New, York. _- .
NEW YORK— Sailed April 17— Stmr Nebras-
Jkan' for San Francisco. and Portland, Ore.
Shipping Intelligence.
Alameda Due To-Morrow.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's steamship
Alameda will be due to-morrow from Hono
lulu. .
Miss Boline, who is an attractive
brunette, claims that after, the con
ductor refused to take the transfers
she paid fares for the three.
At the City Hall station Strong de
nied that he flourished a revolver. He
later made a demonstration that com
pelled the attendants, to put him in
the dark cell. » -' v'
At the instigation of Conductor A.
Brady <5f the McAllister street line,
Policemen Kissane and Sarrell arrest
ed Dr. T.E. Strong, a dentist at 235
Kearny street, his wife and j Miss An
nie Boline. Strong Is accused of car
rying a deadly weapon and the women
with disturbing the peace.
' Strong and the two women boarded
a Haight street car after having din
ner at Techau's Tavern. They say
they were given transfers to the Mc-
Allister street line, but the conductor
refused to take them. One word led
to another and at the corner of La
guna street Conductor Brady alleges
that Strong drew a revolver and flour
ished it in a threatening manner. He
says the women became very abusive;
that he was compelled to ' blow "his
whistle for a policeman.
Alaskan' to Sail Thursday.
The steamship Alaskan, Captain Nichols,
will pall on Thursday for^HonoIulu In. ballast,
and at that port will load'sugar for New 'York.
ACCUSED OF DRAWING A
REVOLVER ON CONDUCTOR
While one of the pilot boats was coming In
yesterday she picked up a' salmon fishing boat
with the figure 2 on the bow. It is- supposed
the boat belonged to one of the Alaska fleet
recently sailing from . here to the north.
Picks Up Fishing Boat.
N. McAlone. a soldier at Fort Baker, came
over to the city Saturday . night and in doing
up the water front he fell into the bay. He
was carted down to the Harbor Hospital and
after being pumped out he was able to leave
without assistance.
Falls Into the Bay.
The steamship Mongolia, from ' Norfolk,
which has been delayed at Sallna Cruz by
the non-arrival of her crew at 1 that port, is
expected to arrive early this morning.
Mongolia Expected To-Day.
While Charles Schmld and his wife and a
party. of friends were taking a pleasure trip. In
a steam launch on the bay yesterday, and Just
as they were making a detour of Alcatraz Isl
and,,, they were fired at twice by one of the
sentries on guard. The first shot was fired
across the bow of the boat, but the second was
aimed directly at the boat and struck the wa
ter about three feet distant. . The ladles were
greatly terrified, as they had occasion to be.
The; launch at the time was fully 150 yards
distant from tbe island and the cause of the
firing, which at the moment is a mystery, will
be fully ventilated to-morrow, when General
MacArthur will be asked to make an inquiry
into the matter. ' -
Fired at by Sentry.
The Rev. Father P. Casey and
Frank Schilling spoke of the vast good
achieved by the society and the fol
lowing were the reports' read:
St. Peter's — Members. 127; families . helped,
6; persons assisted. 33; receipts, ?74 95;- dis
bursed. $C9 95. St.- Mary's Cathedral—Mem
bers. 65; families helped, 39; persons assisted,
78; receipts, $188 35; expenditure, $314 25.
Sacred Heart— Members, 71; families helped.
14; persons assisted. 53;- receipts, J25 85; ex
penditure. $74 75. St James— Members, - 20;
families relieved. 3; persons assisted. 12; re
ceipts. $2S 30; expenditure, $29. St. Joseph's—
Members. 44; families helped, 28^persons as
eisted, 100; receipts,. $145 . 20; expenditures.
$149 V0. St. Patrick's— Members, 77; families
helped, 16; persons : assisted, 77; receipts,
$144 85; expenditure, $84. St. Paul's—Mem
bers. 25;^families/ helped, 7;- persons assisted,
18; receipts, $17? expenditure, $70. ' St. Bren
dan's — Members. 24; families -helped, -6; per
sons assisted, 14; receipts. $32; expenditure,
$29 CO. St. Rose's — Members, 35; families
helped, ; 23; persons assisted, 96; . receipts,
$39 25; expenditure. $49 76.
Thomas Roach drew attention to
the Robinson bequest, which was left
in the hands. of the municipal author
ities to distribute among charitable
organizations. He said the, Society of
St.' Vincent de Paul had been allowed
$100 from the bequest, but the
amount had not been received by the
society. Consequently" a committee
was appointed toattend in the' future
to all bequests arid gifts by which the
Society of St. Vincent de Paul might
at any time be benefited. John T.
Dowlingr, Frank Schilling and Mr.
Kenny were appointed on the com
mittee.
Archbishop Montgomery presided
over the second general meeting of the
year of the Society of St. Vincent de
Paul, at St. Peter's Hall, Twenty
fourth and Alabama streets, yester
day afternoon.
After the_formal reports of the so
ciety had been read, the Archbishop
said that members should bend their
energies in the direction of strength
ening the society. • vi-'V- ¦' : 'fT? r.
cial 'Conditions Before Char
itable Organization.
Archbishop Montgomery Speaks of So-
PUBLIC SAFETY IX RELJGIOX.
Ernst Ahlers, C.'de Angeli; Admiral Sir Cyp
rian Bridge, R. N., and valet; Mrs. Chow Tsze
Chi and amah; Captain O. de B. Brock, R. N.;
Miss B. E. Campbell, Cheng Chang, Su Chun
Chen, Cheng Ta Cheng, Mrs. A; J. Coffee;
Commander A. W. Craig, R. N. ; Percy J.
T>elf, B. Durand, A. Ellas, Captain J. J. Gil
bert, Mrs, J. J. Gilbert. H. Goldschmldt. ,W.
J. : Gorham, E. Greenacre; Lieutenant David
M. Hamilton, R. N.; Ding Maing Ing;,T. Inu
maru, Wong Kai Kah. Lee Kai, H. I. H.
Prince. Pu Lun and '.attendants; Lieutenant
Commander H. T. Mayo. U. S. N.; Mrs. F. M.
Merrill, J. C. Meyer, H. Morrison, Mrs. H.
Morrison, J. B. Murphy, H. : Naito,* Rev. F.
Ohlinger. Mrs. F. Ohllnger and child. Miss A.
Olson. A. W. Perry. Dr. . Relpen, Dr. N. Rus
sell, Dr. R. Schlffmann, Ed Schultz, Franz
Schultz. Fong Kai Shun, P. Stuhlen, Pent; Ku
Sun, A. N. Scott; Captain F. Harrison Smith.
R. N.; T. Takeda; Mrs. Chu Sang Teh, child
and amah: Su Shin Tin, J. E. Woelker, Ira H.
Willson. Mra. Ira H. Wlllson.
• The Occidental '" and Oriental Company's
steamer Gaelic sailed in through the Golden
Gate at 5 o'clock last evening. Captain Wil
liam Finch reports/that the voyage was un
eventful, but that the weather was atomy be
tween Yokohama and Honolulu.' Prince Pu
Lun and his suite of fifteen were naturally, the
observed of al! eyes. Among the other celebri
ties were Mrs. Chu Sang Teh, child and amah.
Mrs. Chu is the wife of the secretary to the
Chinese legation at Washington. She was ac
companied by her friend, Mrs. Chow Tsze Chi.
Dr. R. Schiffmamv president of the City Coun
cil at St. Paul, wag also one of the passengers.
He had been to Manila to wind up some busi
ness affairs there. . Incidentally he' had' gone
into collecting orchids, and from Mindanao has
brought back more 1 than 250 rare specimens. -.
' Following is a list of the passengers: -
TO ARRIVE. .
Steamer. Pro°- Do> -
W. H. Kruger Grays Harbor. ..Apr. 1J
Centralla San Pedro ¦ *£JtE
Mongolia Norfolk -*pr. 1^
Edith • Tacoma ••••• ••-•¦••••• ¦?*'" h
Bonita Newport & Way Ports. Apr. IS
State of Cal.. San Diego * Way Pts. Apr. M
S. Monica Grays Harbor » p ti
Wyefleld Nanairoo ...Apr. 1^
Mlneola...... Tacoma Apr -"
Alameda..... Honolulu •• Apr. IS
G W Elder.. Portland * Astoria.... Apr. IS
Argo... •¦ Eel River Ports Apr. 19
Elizabeth Coquille River ....Apr. 19
Xewbunt Grays Harbor Apr. 20
Coicna.:o Grays Harbor Apr. 20
Sequoia Willapa Harbor Apr. 20
Pomona.. .... Humboldt Apr. 20
Hermonttis... Hamburg & Way ..... Apr. 20
City Panama. New York via Panama. Apr. in
Nevadan . Honolulu &. Kahului.. Apr. 20
Kureka Humbcldt -" Apr. 21
B. Barbira Seattle & Olympla. Apr. 21
Santa Rosa... San Diego * Way Pts. Apr. 21
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. . Arena Apr. 21
Senator...:.. Ptijet Sound Ports.... Apr. 21
Santa Crui.^- San Pedro & Way Pt«. Apr. 22
jeanle. Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 23
Bee Grays Harbor Apr. ,23
Araer. Maru . • Yokohama • Apr^ 23
O Liniaw:.. Grays Harbor ..Apr.. 23
Oregon Portland & Astoria...'. Apr. 24
Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. Apr.- 23
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports.... Apr. > 26
Curacao ..[Mexican Ports Apr. 27
TO SAIL. ;
Steamer. - Destination. Sails. Pier.
April 18.
W.H.Krugei Los Angeles Ports. 6 pm Pier 2
Centralla... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
Centennial. Seattle &. Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Porno rPt. Arena & Albion 6 pm Pier 2
S. Monica. . Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
Eureka.... Humboldt ..12 m Pier 13
April 19. ¦ ¦¦-
Arctic Humboldt 8 am Pier - 2
North Fork. Humboldt; 5 pin Pier 20
Spokane... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier: 9
S. Pedro..-. Humboldt ..:...... 12 ' m Pier 2
. vK;. April 30. r, A-
Umatllla... Puget Sound Porta. 5 pm Pier 20
Amasls.... Hamburg & Way. 12 m Pier 19
April 21. ' I : ;
S. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pxfl Pier. 2
Argo - Eel River Ports... ? pmlPler 2
Elizabeth.. Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
fjnlta Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
April 32. .
Pomona....) Humboldt 1:30 p Pier '9
G. W. Eldet Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 1*
April 23.
Newburg... Grays Harbor 4 4 pm Pier 10
Coronado... Graya Harbor . . 4 pmiPIer.10
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor 4 pmlPier 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ... 4.pm Pier 2
San Jose... N. Y. via Panama 12 m! Pier 4')
Alameda... Honolulu ..." 11 amlPler 7
Marlposa... Tahiti direct 11 am Pier T
April 25.
Senator.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
April 26. j
Gaelic China & Japan 1 pm Pier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahului. 3 pm Pier IS
Jeanie Seattle &. Tacoma. 10 amjPier 2
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. 1 . For.- '. ,.Y,j . Sails.
Bertha Valdez &. Way Ports.. Apr. 19
Farallon t Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 19
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 26
Cottage City.. 1 Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 23
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority cf
¦ the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission- street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at . both places.
MONDAY. APRIL 18.
Sun rises '• ...5:30
Sun sets ....6:47
Moon seta »:3T p. m.
D Timel Time • [Time! Time
r> Ft. Ft. I Ft. Ft.
5" |H W L Wf |H W . L W
18 0:lS fl.4 7:02 0.1 2:00| 4.3 6:54 2.7
19 0:55 5.3 7:47 0.0 2:52} 4.3 7:41 2.S
20 1:SJS 5.3 8:40 0.0 '3:501 4.3 8:37 3.1
21 2:32 5.2 »:3S 0.1 4:52 4.3 9:50 3.1
2° 3:35 5.0 10:40 0.3 5:55 ~ 4.4 11:09 3.1
23 4.51 4.711:44 0.4| 6:48| 4.6 .......
XOTE In the above exposition of ths tide*
the early morning- tldea are given In tbe l«ft
hand column and the • successive ¦ tides ¦ of tho
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the laat tide of tbe
day except when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. The heights ¦ given are la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes tbe height, and then tbe number
riven is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference la tbe meaa
of tbe lower low -waters. ". ,- >;.
Sentry on Alcatraz Shoots
at Pleasure Seekers as
They Sail Past the Island
FIEES AT LAUNCH PAETY
Brings Large List of Passen
gers, Among Whom Are
People of Prominence
GAELIC COMES
FROM ORIENT
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL', MONDAY, . APRIL .13, .1904)
Mo Yemenis of Steamers.
10
auction mm
¦ ¦¦ - ¦ • •¦-¦¦!
feALE £*
Of a lot of WELL- BROKEN HORSES. MON-
DAY, April ' IS; at 11 o'clock. . at «15 ! Ellis st.
• S. WATKINS. Auctioneer.
*v AUCTION SALE. TUESDAY. April U.
m.. ar 1140 Folcom st.. of 1 large
hinrV horse 1 fast pacer CO head of ALL
PURPOSE HORSES and all kinds of wagons,
buggies' _urrie». carts and . harness. w _u
CLOUG'H. Auctioneer. ' ' /
____» J&»
ATTTTOV SALE at ARCADE HORSE MAR-
KFT 127SIXTH ST WEDNESDAY. April
20 it 11.. ¦¦«£ l"i» wM « SO 0 * 1 horses - JOU *
J.'POTLE. Auctioneer.
KKAI. ESTATJC—Coimtry— For Sa^f.
_„ \v.~jTwhite,
chicken ranches everywhere,
exchanges.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
*12 5O0 — Splendid etoek ranch and general
farm. 2600 ccrej=; 4 miles rrom Courthouse.
Mendoeino County: _00 acres tillable: 2 com-
plete set* of farm buildings; well supplied with
•Bator and «n abundance of iive oak timber;
tliere are several patches suitable f.ir alfalja. !
$8000— Only 34 miles of Gey^rvllle. the Gem
of Sonoma County; 'i mile good school: rural
mall delivery; 6<i acres; :«» acre* rich bottom
land: 2 acres orchard: 15 ncrcs vineyard, all
bearing r 6 seres alfalfa: well fenced and cross
fenced; 6-room house. _ ,#rood barns, nice spring;
haie otb«r bargains In thW- mijwrb section.
S3S0Q— Mile and • half or St. Helena; 1C5
¦cre». 3O under cultivation, «i acres bearing
crefcard. 6 acres vineyard; water piped to
bu'.ldlng*: fine 2-story residence, stable, barn,
carriage-house; once refused $12,000 cash.
SCOO— Only 1 mile of town; 80 acres; house.
trees, vines, berries: 15 acres bottom land;
placer and quartz gold: 2 garden patches, out-
cirt" range, tools, lurnlture; forced sale.
$4000 — Near ai"rved City, on main roafl: 40
acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives. 10 meree
alfalfa. 6*4 acres bearing orchard; 2 wells; all
under ditch; fine cottage. S room*: steel wind-
mill and tank; cood barn, toolhouse. granary,
poultry hou**i». incubator houses; nice income;
carb or trade bay counties property.
ALKALKA LANDS.
R'.eh black land, near Stockton, subdivided
in BinoU tracts at $«5 per acrr; one-thira Ov
crop with place.
, Adjoining the town or Lodl. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under Cl^cn;
$123 to $165 per acre. *«?„*. __
$50 per acre; 10 acres up: under ditch. 4'n
miles from Lodl. on main county road: also
Jand on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 aw
GOOD PROPERTT WANTED.
1 have several parties with good income
property to trace for cheap country homes; also
lodging-houses; many cash buyers; list your
ntoperty. _ „
$2500— *0 acres: S miles from Santa Crux; 20
acres under cultivation, batance tolling and
rome rteep: small orchard and vineyard, bear-
Jnr: rood 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $5(K> down and balance
xnonthlr payments if desired.
f.10 000— In Sonoma County: S00 acres well
fenced In 3 fields; house; 3 large barne; dalry-
houce; we'.l watered; 200 acres tillable; all
|«V«1: 24 acres e-year-old orchard: 30 bead cat-
t!*; 29 hogs; farming implements, etc.; $5000
mortgage: trade lor bay property.
$8250—26 acre* sandy loam, onlv 2!4 miles
cf Petalurna; house.6 rooms and bath:part caih.
JtSOOO— Best ranch !n Southern Oregon ; S20
acres; 2 sets good Improvements; well renced;
crcharfl; 5 horses; farming tools; outside ranee.
$4500 — 30 acres close to Morgan Hill. Santa
Clara County; 20 acres hearing orchard and
vineyard. 10" acres hill pasture; nice hard
finished cottage 01 5 rooms; outbuildings: fine
income; would trade for income city property.
SHOO Only 6 mile* from Courthouse; SO
«.cr*s; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
part cash; near Red Bluff.
$17 000 — Finest ranch in San Joaquln County,
between Stockton and Lodi; water near sur-
la.ee- good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land. 1 mile of Calaveraa River.
on main road; mortgage $9000;, would trade for
first-class property near city.
S450f>— Near Newcastle; 21 acres; oranges.
cherries, peaches, lemons, plums and apples;
vrr.aJl but nice house; only $15<X» down; have
bsrg»ins in this vicinity from $1000 up.
S2250 — 10 acres, ail in aprioots Just com-
mencing to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
hotre; half cesh.
fj70o— in Sonoma City; SH acres; all level:
good housf. barn, windmill, tankhouse; 13
poultry houses and yards; some alfalfa; spring
Trsersn": ZM chickens; feedhouse.
52500 Only 2 miles from San Jose; 4 acres;
_u acre* bearing orchard: hard finished cot-
tage. 5 rooms; stable, windmill and tank;
h SS500— 136 acres east of San Jose, 123 acrei
in hay; grod soil. _,._,,»
Send stamp for printed u»t.
W T WHITE 2«3 Montgomery «t.. room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
Full charge taken of property.
1400 ACRES Et $6~i" per acre; only 90 miles
Tom San Francisco; to close up an estate;
'e»> owner daily at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
1NGE, 10S Jessie «t.. San Francisco.
S20 ACRES: farm, fruit, stock ranch. Lake Co.,
only f2 50 per acre. 10 per cent cash on
cho"ice Banta. Clara. Valley land; tracts to
suit you. Bex 16S0. CaJl. ;
FOR sale — Ranch of 20 acres, near ' Vacaville;
IP acref in fruit trees, balance under culti-
vation; In rood> location and a paying prop-
osition. Address P. O. bor 4S5. Vacaville,
fal.
ALFALFA lar.ds. stock ranches. orchards.
vin*yards: inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues s»nt free. C M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market gt.
A fi-ACRE and new bouse country place; suit-
able for poultry: for rent or eale. 1359
Howard st.. 8. T. .
FIGHT-ACRE poultry ranch for eale at a bar-
pnin. MRS. MOLATT, Cotatl, Sonoma,
County, Cal.
j - ROOMS FOR "^^KS^^L 0 ,---™ !
I ALL tu^nvTbestin^ity: 3 or 4 rooms furnish-
ed cr unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
j MENTS. 1560 Sacramento St.. nr. Larkln.
CALIFORNIA. 3031^30 or 5 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, furnished complete; gas range;
I adults. '
: CI-AY 1323 — Elegantly furnished apartments.
I two "or three; pleasant surroundings.
FOURTEENTH 720 — 3 or 4 rooms furnished;
north of Market Et.; new carpet*. x-\
FRANKLIN 203 — Three nicely furnished
hou»ek-epitis rocms; bath; sunny corner flat.
J-TLTOX SS-l — Two connecting housekeeping
rooms; sas ranee, grate; no children. -~
GEARY 40M — Three nicely furnished sunny
roocni; references exchanged. _^_
' GROVE. 107 — 3 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping. .
GUERRERO. 104 — Three elegant sunny con-
necting rooms; regular kitchen; steel range;
adults. ;
HAWTHORNE. 13. oil Howard, nr. Third —
i Large runny bedroom and kitchen, furnished.
f t^s, yard, sink. $3 per week.
' JESSIE. 323 — Large sunny room; furnished
! housekeeping; gas range; $2 75 week.
j KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine —
I (funny, furnished 3-room .suites; steam heat-
; ed. eioctrlc lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
! MASON, 825 — Elegant 3-4 room suites; »as.
bath electric light. Bun, phone; new.
MISSION. 86S— Fcr rent, housekeeping rooms;
reasonable prices
NINTH. 113—2 eunny housekeeping rooms;
runninr water and bath; reasonable.
OAK. 117— Sunny rooms $1 28 to $3 per week;
pas. range, hot bath, laundry; adults.
O'FARRELL. €23— Nicely furnished front al-
cove suite; email kitchen; $22.
O'FARREIJU 627— Sunny. furnished upper
floor; 4 rooms, bath; also one room.
PAGE, 141 — Suite of fumiihed housekeeping
rooms: kitchen, stove, sink.
POLK. 1018— Sunny room; gas stove, bath,
etc.; reasonable: no objection to children. ¦
POWELL, 208— Sunny housekeeping rooms;
reasonable. ¦ '
SIXTH. 30S — Elegant runny front room^and
kitchen complete for housekeeping.
TAYLOR. S13— A ra&n; dowji town; 4 eunny
rooms partly fur.; gas. b*Th. tel.; $32 60.
TAYLOR. 604. near Geary.
Suite of 3 rooms, housekeeping.
Well furnished; nice and cleaiu
TEIIAMA. 478, nr. Sixth— 3 sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping: $12; no children.
TWENTY- THIRD, 3726, near Dolores— Three
sunny bay window rooms; nice, neat, com-
plete. '
WASHINGTON, 1323. near Jones — To couple
without children, three very desirable house-
keeping rooms: nicely furnished; bath, fine
kitchen, stationary tubs, yard; would rent
suite to two gentlemen. Phone 6utter 4121.
3 FURNISHED housekeeping rooms; use of i
bath, pas, laundry: large grounds; room for J
horse «nd buggy; no children; call afternoon, j
San Joee ave. J. F. PLUMBE. agent, 1402
Valencia st. .
APABT-EEST- 1 HOUSES.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March IB.
1084 6UTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 room* and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 SO to $40.
Make reservations now.
• ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— Tbe
acme of perfection In elegantly furn. 3-roora
apartments; private baths, eteant heat, elec-
tric lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $59.
6T. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson st.— Modern 3-4-5
rooms; also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view: references; Phone East 1350.
ROOMS TO LET — F*_rn. and Umfarm.
AURORA, oorrer Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture: every room outside:
modern and sunny; prices frcm $1 50 per
• week up; this Is the only up-to-date house In
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth »t. — Rooms
£5c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. <or No. 1
Fifth et.)— Rooms, 25e. 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week: house open all night.
BURNETT. M26 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
. ROOMS AXD BOARD— -Continued.
HOTKL ELSMERe".~418 Sutter— Sunny suites,
»;ngle,rms.; excellent table; moderate prices.
O'FARRELL. 1420— Rooms with board; sunny;
suitable for 2r bath; phone.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, with baths: also single; homelike.
ROOMS AND HOARD WASTED.^
YOUNG man desires board with small private
family. Box 1C29. Call oftlce.
rooms v^y_ T^ p v*__ 'Jjj,
NEAT room within 3 blocks of Parrott bid*.
FRED KRUEGER, 205 Parrott bldg.
SPECIAL NOTICES. i.
THE San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
Society herewith gives notice that the fol-
lowing ofohan and half-orphan girls and
boys have been admitted to the asylum
on Hal=ht street from January 1, 19O4, to
April 1. 1904: Violet Lundberi:, « years S
months; Stella Kern. S years 8 months; Ab-
ble Kern. 3 years 7 months: Glbella Bank.
» years 4 months; Isabella Jackman, 10
year* 9 months: Valda Sharp, 0 years •«
months; Sybil M. Sharp. 4 years 3 months;
Carl Voss. • 10 years 10 months: Rudolph
Voes. S years: Edward Kern, 8 years 1
month; George Kern. B - years . 4 months:
Franz HoDpe 9 years:' Daniel L. Sharp. - -2
years 4 months: Augustus Postei. 8 years;
Frederick Postei, !» years. SUSAN RUS-
flELL SPOTTS. Secretary.
A GUARANTEED cure for piles; PETER
FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per box; war-
ranted to cure all cases of bleeding, itching,
external, internal or protruding piles, also
fistula, without fail, no matter how long
standing. 1C28 Devlradero St., near Sutter.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
DOMESTIC — Tbe machine lor family use;
best is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
any crice: all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1021 Market. . near Sixth.
NEW HOME: — See our new triple-feed ma-
— chines; f lightly used: $10, $15, $20; second-
hard, $3, $5, $S: all styles; guaranteed- New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
SLOT MACHINES.
Slot machines. $25; punchers $25; lifters, card
machines.$20. W.A.Bradford Co.. 1185 Market.
STABLES TO LET.
POST. 709— Stable and large yard to let; could
be used for coal yard or carpenter; 3-year
leaee.
STUTTERIXG A.\D STAMMERING.
M^LBOURNB~Institute! VaiT Ness & Market!
promises cure If In fair health: hours 1 to 5.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
BAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, Oth floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 708 Market ¦£. opposite Third—
For tbe half year ending 31st of December,
1803, a dividend has been declared at tbe
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
TRBA8URY Department, Office of General
Superintendent UV S. Lire-Saving Service,
Washington, D. C. April 11. 1904. Sealed
proposals will be received at this office un-
til 2 o'clock p. m. of Thursday, the 6th day
of May. 1904, and then publicly opened, for
furnishing supplies required for use of the
Life-Saving Service for the fiscal year end-
ing June 30, 1905; the supplies to be delivered
at Fucft' points In New York City. Grand
. Haven, Mich., and San Francisco, Cal.. as
may be. required/and In the quantities named
in the specifications. The supplies needed
consist of beds and beddlne; blocks and
sheaves; cordage; crockery; furniture: hard-
ware: lamps, lanterns, etc.; medicines, etc.;
paints, oils, etc.; chip chandlery; stoves, etc.;
tools and miscellaneous articles; all of which
are enumerated in the specifications at-
tached to the form of bid, etc., which may
be obtained upon ' application to the ofilre
or to the Inspector of Life-Saving Stations,
17 State st.. New York City; Superintendent
Twelfth Life-Saving District, Grand Haven,
Mich., and Superintendent Thirteenth Llfe-
Saving District. New Appraisers' Stores,
San Francisco. Cal. Envelopes containing
proposals should be addressed to the "Gen-
eral Superintendent U. S. Life-Saving Serv-
ice. Washington. D. C," and marked on
the outside "Proposal for Annual Supplies."
The right Is reserved to reject any or all
bids and to waive defects. If deemed for tbe
interests of the Government. I., KIM-
BALL, General Superintendent. 4 "'' . "
of Agnes J/ and , the late John !-\V. Ahern,
and aunt -of John" F.: i Ahern,\a- native 'of
Boston. Mass. . / / , )v. ;
¦ ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
Tuesday), at 10 o'clock from her late resi-
dence. 1308 Laguna street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral; where a solemn . requiem
mass will be \ celebrated for the • repose of
her soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. -Inter- ¦
» . ment > Holy Cross - Cemetery, "by < electric
funeral" car from- Eighteenth and Guerrero
"'streets., : . • • - . ' ' ¦ : . : .' ' : : ''-
BARRETT— In Alameda April 16, 1904, Mora
Moss Barrett, beloved 1 husband of Breta E.
and father of.Genovcva G.' Barrett, a native
of. San Francisco, ¦¦* Ca"l.; . aged 41 years.
(C^Friends and acquaintances are'respect-
f ully Invited to attend , the funeral services
Monday/April 18, -1904, at 1 o'clock, at his
. .late residence, 830 Taylor avenue. Interment
private. Mountain View Cemetery. ..
BURGESS— In this city April 17. 1904,- May,'
beloved daughter of Otis and Sarah. Burgess,
and sister of-F. O. , Burgess, a native of
Missouri, aged 27 years 10 months and 2 days.
BYRNE— In this city- April 17 1004. Ann
Byrne, beloved mother of William F. Byrne,
and grandmother of Mra. Rebecca Stump,
Mrs. Emily Wrenn, Jessie and Henry Luce,
and Fred G. Roper, a native of Ireland, aged
85 years/ , • ' ¦ .
CROWLEY— In ' Oakland April 16. 1904. "at
953 Kirkham street, Cornelius E.. beloved
husband of -Grace Paget Crowley, and son
of Cornelius and E»tella •'. Crowley, a native
of Wisconsin, aged years B months and
2y days. '. ,
DKVINE — In this city. April 17. 1904, Grace
M., beloved wife .of Nicholas Devine. and
loving mother of Ella Devlne and the laie
Mrs. J. H. Flaker; a native' of County
Donegal. Ireland, aged. 02 years. '~ : 3$£S$5G§C2$i
- ICy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). 7 at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1002V& Minna ' street, near
Eleventh, thence to St Joseph's Church/
where a requiem high mass will- be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul at 0
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery..
FITZGERALD— In this city April 17; 1904/
Archie E. Fitzgerald, a native of Nevada,
Rued 45 years. - •,
GOTELLI— In this city, April 16 1904. George,
dearly beloved husband of Isabella . Gotelll,
and father of George Gotelll Jr., and be-
. loved son of Antonio and Domenlca Gotelli,
and brother of Louts and Mary Gotelll . and
Mrs. Rosle PIcetti, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 26 years 8 months and 9 days.
GOVE — In Berkeley, April 17. 1904. Captain
I. W. Gove, beloved husband of Elizabeth
Gove, and father of , Captain G. W. Gove-
I George E.- Gove/ i a native of North
Edgecomb. Me., aged 71 years and 6 months.
(CyNotlce- of funeral hereafter. , . ,
GaYHENEIX— In this city, April . 17. 1901,
Marie, dearly belied wife of Pierre Goy-
. heneix. and loving mother of John,: Helen
and Marie Goyheneix" and Mrs. J. L.
Scheerer of Los Angeles a native of San
Francisco.
tC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), April 19 at 9 o'clock, from her
late residence, 928 Fillmore street, thence
to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a colemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul/ commencing at' 9:30
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRADY — In this city April 17, 1904, Cath-
arine Elizabeth Grady (nee Coleman),V be-
loved wife. of Walter M: Grady. and mother
of Clara Grady. a native of San Francisco,
aged 24 years and 5 months.
HALEY— In this city, April 15/1904. Bridget,
beloved wife of the late Patrick Haley, and
mother of John and Thomas Haley. Mrs.
Harry Bowley and the late Frank and James
Haley, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aged 59 years.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock. a. m., from the
funeral -parlors of McGinn Bros., 224-228
McAllister street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated .for the repose of her soul,
> commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by train leaving Third and
Townsend Btreet-at. 11:30 o'clock.
IRVINE— In this city. Aprill7. 1904. Eliza-
beth Irvine, sister of F. H. Irvine, a native
of Ireland, aged. 38 years. •
IC7Remalns at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first. Interment
private. . .
KELLOGG— In Oakland. " April 17. 1004. Al!c«
¦Winifred Kelloggr beloved daughter of
Edwin ' and Margaret • Kellogg, a native of
Sacramento, aged 3 years and 7 months.
LAGRANGE— In this city, April 17. 1904. John
F. Lagrange/ beloved husband of Mrs. Emily
Lagrange. and father of Frederick and Leon
Lagr&nge and ' Mrs. Matilda Ader, and
father-in-law of Paul Ader. a native of
France, aged S2 years.
E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Tuesday. April 19. at 12:30 o'clock, at his
late residence. 3 Hopeton terrace, oft* AVash-
lngton street.' between Stockton and Powell,
thence to Masonic Hall. Post and Mont-
PO1RT RICHMOND^ RE^AL ESTATK.
HOUSE and lot: cost $2760; want lote or few
•cres part exchange. Box 1716. Call office.
HliAL ESTATE TO U1CBA\GC
' A 'KICK HOME IN LOS GATOS.
Four-room house, barn, lot 70x365, to «x-
ohange for lots or land In Alameda County.
P. C. LAESEN & CO.. 466 Tenth St.. Oak-
laai. Cal.
AiAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
AXAJgBPA REAL ESTATE.
5S250— A RARE barcam: chance of a, life-
time; two be&utlful up-to-date modem 0-
room Catc on Clinton are.- bay frontage;
beautlfaJ marine vletv: elegant surf bathing;
bathhouses, eto.1 this Is a rare chance: don't
ore-look it. HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1429
Park st.
$1000— HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; 2 lote,
SOxlSG each; fruit trees and berries In bear-
ing: d*o earden; fine location. Call or write
to E. M. YOUNG, on Olive ave.. between
Joe^s and Bay View are*., Alameda,
FOR sale — $2650; beautiful 5-room modern cot-
tage; Just completed: large lot. J. H.
TOUNG. 154S Park gt.
AL.AJUEOA nn.Msnun bocsbs.
FOR rent — Furnished house of 6 rooms and
bath. Apply 858 Senta Clara ave.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY^SE AL^ BSTATO.
BARGAI7C — New B-room cottare; modern;
oonvenlent to station, school, stores, church;
Urge lot all fenced: price (1GS0: terms, S100
«-a«h. balance SIC 60 monthly, same as rent.
O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin. Open Sundays.
BARGAIN — New 6-room bay-window cottage;
porcelain bath, pantry, tiled sink, pretty
mantel, gas «tid •"lectrie lights, city water,
hirh basement, brick foundation; fruit treee.
Sower garden, chicken house; extra large
lot: thre* blocks to railroad station, both fer-
r!*«, electric cars, school, church and stores;
price *2S00; tenne. S1&0 ca*;h. balance $20
monthly. O. A. RUDOLPH. Lorin Station;
opwi Sunders.
SNAP — Almost new 6-etory cottage; bath,
pantry, maatel. city water. h!gh basement,
electric lights; lot 50x135; chicken house; full
rrown fruit trees, ornamental trees; street'
work done; cement sidewalks; two blocks to
¦ station, school, stores, church," railroad sta-
tion and electric cars; price $2100; terms,
$800 cash, balance $18 monthly. O. A. RU-
DOLPH. Lorin; op*n Sundays.
BEEKELEY^IOTELS.
HBTEtT^BERKELEY" REORENS^This" elZ
' cantly appointed bouse Is now -under a new
and experienced management. The service Is
flrat claes. the accommodations homelike, the
treatment of guests courteous, the rates 'low
The hotel is situated on - Dwipht way one
block west or the Dwlght way station, and it
therefor* conv«aii«it to both the Key route
and H. P. ferry systems. Rates, per Cay
transient, «re from J2 to $3. and per month
ar* $30 to $50. according to apartments. Ban-
quets and wedding dinners will be served on
short notice in the most fashionable and de-
lightful manner. AH Interested in this an-
nouncement are Invited to call at th« house
and Inspect it. Any further information de-
*ir**a will b« promptly riven. Tel. Dana 138.
BERKELEY COTTAGES TO LET.
FOR RENT— In Berkeley 4-rcotn cottage bl»
lot; >10. Inquire 10C3 Mission st.. 8. F.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRDITVALE REAL ESTATE.
FINE cuburban home for ta>; house of 9
room* and bath; two-8tory . barn and out-
houses; l*i acre* of land: fine running
Ktreaxn. with beautiful shade trees and nhrub-
b«-ry;.an ideal home: situated in upper Frnit-
vale; must •u>ll account leaving. Address N.
SQUTERS. rrultval* ¦ Postofnce. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BB0ADWAY~
OAKLAND REAL - ESTATE.
SNAP— Lot: ?1G5. 25x100. 3 blocks to local;
Mu«rv~ JilSTiO 7-roofn house, 50-foot lot. WM.
P. .TODD. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND . MOESEUEEPIXG ROOMS.
ADELINE. 871. cor. Eighth— 2 'sunny house-
k^ypinr roomn to rent. $14; also other*.
O AKLAXD FPBJK1TDRB *"OR_ SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furnl-
. ton- &. ScfcelfcAa.s.lith sL.coi-.etcre, Oakland.
ntshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 2327 — Sunny furnished rooms; new flat.
Call mornings except Sunday. ' ¦
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason — Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINOS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
cprned; desirably located; sunny single rooms
and rultes, with private bath*, hot and cold
water, nteam .heat. «!ectric lights, phone even-
room; elevator. Phone Eavt 1317 If desired.
FILLMORE, 1124. nr. Golden Gate ave. — One
or two refined people can find neatly fur-
nished outside rooms in modern Sat.
FOR single gentleman, in private home (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 Klocks from panhandle.
AddreEr box ?C24, Call office. ,
FOURTH. 225 — Furnished rooms to let.
FOURTEENTH. 121 — Front parlor, bay-win-
dow, piano, bath, gas; very reasonable.
FRANKLIN. 721, nr. Golden Gate — Sunny, fur- "
nlsbed front room; all conveniences; $12.
GEARY, 660 — Newly furnished, renovated rms;
all eunny; homelike; central: piano; baths.
GOLDEN Place. 3, off Golden Gate ave.. bet."
Hyde and Larkln — Two nicely furnished
rooms; $6 and $8; for gentlemen.
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
to *1 25 night; $1 60 to S6 wk.; reading-room.
MISSION. 1221. near Eighth— Nicely furnished
sunny single front room; (6.
MISSION. 1275 — Unfurnished double parlors
and 4 upper rooms; water and gas; call
between 11 and 2.
PAGE, 20 — 2 neat rooms,, for gentlemen or
working girl*. $5 60 and »6; bath. -.'
PAGE. 1324 — 3 or 4 completely or partially fur.
rooms; regular kitchen; no other roomers.
POWELL; 506 — Furnished room for gentleman.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms - per night, Sftc to $1 60; week. $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SUTTER. 820 — Beautiful furnished rooms; hot
and cold water; baths and gas; suite for
doctor.
SUTTER. 835 — Newly furnished room.
SUTTER, 1531 — 1 large furnished front room;
private bell and telephone.
EUTTMK, 2170^ — Pleasant sunny front room:
furnlebed; bath and phone; reasonable.- '
SEVENTH. 191 — I^erge cunny bay-window
room for housekeeping. .. - k *
THE ST. KATHRYN, N.E. cor. Leavenworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms in the city; new ,
hotel; Jutt furnished fresh and clean; hair
mattresses In every room; also hot and cold -
water, bathe. etc~r steam beat throughout;
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence; rocme from, $3 per week' up.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to (1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights <no gag), running water In every
room; elevator.read.-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House, 202 6U tb— Electric light In every
room: l.'.c to $1 a night; 75c to $5 a week; '
open all night; convenient to all cars.
UNION, 826, r^ar— Ttto sunny, large furnished -
rooms in quiet neighborhood to let.
VAN NESS ave., 61» — Elecant front • parlora '
¦ asd adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN NESS, J314. nr. Sutter— Exceptionally
desirable, sunny front alcove and single
room: newly furnished: modern conven-.
lences; private; references. ¦; -. .
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market —
Most convenient and resp<>ctable: 700 rooms;
35c to f 1 50 night; $2 to $8 w^ek; elevator; ,
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage. :
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church ats. *
A' BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advf-rtlReinpnt* and sub«scriptlon»4?a.« been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until II ji. m. r:--. r
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
EDGEMERE HOTEL. ~~"
T31 Bush St.. above- Powell; selnct first- ;
elass residential betel: elegantly furnished
«r.d table unsurpassed ; electric light: steam
- heated and private exchange telephones la -
•very room: terms reasonable. -
¦ B. DU CARPE.Prop.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1016 VAN NESS -AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST-CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70S.
HOWARD. S41A — First-class board with room,
elngle or double. $V|6 week; American fam-
ily; home cooking; horn* comforts; -piano.
HAYES. C49 — Sunny., furnished rooms with
board; gentleman preferred.' . ¦
UNIVERSITY of California, Berkeley. Notice
to contractor*., builders and material men
Notice Is hereby given that sealed bids are
eollcite-d for performing the labor and fur-
nlFhing the materials for the granite and
brick work for California Hall on the grounds
of the University of California at Berkeley
California, and said bids will be received at
the office of the Regents. South Hall, Berke-
ley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of April
twenty-fifth. 1904. Plans and specifications
of said granite and Brick work have been
adopted and may be examined daily at office
of the Rpcenta from 9 a. m. until 4 pm.
No bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder
in favor of the Regents of the UnlversitjL of
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
bid with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
if said bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter Into a proper contract to faithfully
perform tbe duty and obligations In accord-
ance with eald bid and with the plans and
Epeclfications which are hereby required to be
a part of such contract. The right to reject
any and all bids is hereby reserved. By or-
der of the Committee on Grounds and Build-
ings of the Board of Regents. V. H. HEN-
DERSON. Acting Secretary.
UNIVERSITY of California, Berkeley— Notice
to contractors, builders and material men
Notice is hereby given that Fealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the superstructure
of the central power plant on the grounds
of the University of California at Berkeley
California, and said bids will be received at
the^office of the Regents, South Hall, Ber-
keley, at or before Vi o'clock m. of April 26
1904. Plans and specifications of said super-
structure of the central power . plant have
been adopted and may be examined dally at
office of the Regents from 9 a. m. ¦ until 4 p.
m. No bids will be considered unless ac-
companied by a certified check or bond of
bidder, in favor of the Regents of the Uni-
versity of California, equal to ten' (10) per
cent of his bid with sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that If said bid be accepted, ¦ the
bidder will duly enter Into a proper contract
to faithfully perform the duty and obliga-
tions in accordance with said bid and with
the plans and specifications -which are here-
by required to be a part of such contract.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildings of the Board of Regents. V. H.
HENDERSON, acting secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., April 18. 1904.—
Sealed proposals. In ) triplicate, will ! be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a, m.. Tuesday,
May 3, 11)04. and then opened, for furnishing
10 draft mules/required for use at Presidio
of San Francisco, Fort McDowell., Cal., and
San Diego Barracks. Cal. Government re-
serves rlKht to reject or accept any. or ail
bids in whole or In Dart. Bids will, be con-
sidered for a less number of animals than
; that stated. Preference given- to articles
of domestic production, conditions of price
and quality (Including in the price of for-
eign productions the , duty thereon) being
equal, and such preference given to -articles
of American production produced . on the Pa-
cific Coast, to extent of consumption • re-
quired by the .public service there. Infor-
mation furnished on amMlcntlon to WM. S.
PATTEN. Assistant Q. ' M. General. U. S. A.,
Chief Quartermaster.
CUSTOM-HOUSE, San Francisco, March 31.
1904. — Notice — Certain goods | remaining one
year in bonded warehouse will be sold at
public auction at the United States Apprais-
er's store on April 26, 1904, • at 10 o'clock
a. m. Descriptive catalogues can be had at
the Custom-house on April 18. 1904; or at the
time and place of sale. : F. . S. STRATTON,
Collector. v \V
AUCTION sale — Office General . Superintendent,
Army Transport Service, San Francisco, Cal.,
April 7, 1904— There will b* sold at public
auction, at 11 o'clock a. m., April 20.1904, at
. Folsoro-st. wharf; a lot of miscellaneous con-
demned quartermaster's stores, ' a list of
which can be seen at Folsom-st." wharf.
. C. A. DEVOL.
Major and Quartermaster. U. S. A.*-
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices eent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either" of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name' and residence of per-
sons authorized to have r tbe - same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
tree of charge.
DIED
Ahern. Mary. A. ' Murnane. .Thomas .
Barrett. Mora M. ¦ . . 'Pantoekey. Sadie .'¦ .
Miy Qulnn. Michael . H.
Byrne, A«n . Reilly.- John Francis-
Crowley. Cornelius . Roderick. Joseph. D.
Devlne, " Grace ' M. Rufus. / Frederlcka
¦ FlUfrerald. Archie ' Salts. Albert ; ¦¦
Gotelll, George Sawyer.' George M;
Gove Captain . I. W, Scollin. Frank • P.
' Goyheneix. ' Marie Segerstrom. Hilda
Grady, Catharine E. ; Piepel. Mose .
Haley, -Bridget -• Taylor. -'¦ Kathleen u.
Irvine. Elizabeth Toel. Harry -
: Kellogg, "Alice- W."- , Weldman.; Alice ;L.~
Lagrangc/ John • F.' .- Williams, •- Wm. A. '
. McCombc,* Samuel A.. . - ."
... ,. ,. ¦ - : ______ . . 1 -, / •
AHERN— In this city. April 17. 1004. .Mary
A. dearly beloved:- daughter . of- Anne and
the late John M. Ahern. and beloved slater/
gomery streets, where services will be held
under the auspices of La Parfaite Union
' Lodge No. ' r 17. ¦ F. . and'j A. Ml.* li Interment"
Mount Olivet Cemetery.) .
McCOMBE— In ' this oity*, , April , 17. 1804,
Samuel Alexander McCombe," a native of
Ireland, aged 3 years 6 months end 12 days.
C7"Funeral ser^ces Monday. April 18,
at the residence of his jj grandfather, 85S
Geary street, at 10;15 o'clock.
MURNANE— In -this city, April 17. 1604,
Thomas, beloved husband of Margaret Mur-
nane, and father of William. John and
Thomas Murnane. a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 52 years.
PANTOSKET— In Applegate. Cal. April 17,
1904, Sadie Pantoskey. beloved daughter of
Jacob and the late Marie Pantoskey. and
sleter of Estelle. Bella. Rose. David, Myrtle
and Hazel Pantoskey. a native o f Oakland,
aged 18 years 7 months and 3 days.
) C?" Notice of funeral hereafter.
QUINN— In this city. Aprlll7, 1004. Michael
H.. beloved husband of the late Margaret
Qulnn. and loving father of C. J. and May
Quinn. Mrs. W. P. RIley and the late George
A. Qulnn, a native 'of County Tyrone, Ire-
land, aged 60 years and 16 days. A mem-
ber of Court Columbia No. 55. Foresters of
America. - ,
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden." McBrearty & Green 1171 MUi-
elon street/ between Seventh and Eighth,
thence to St. Patrick's Church where a
requiem nigh mass will be celebrated for
•the repose of his soul at 9 .o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
• - To the officers and members of Court
Columbia No. 55, F. of A. — You are hereby
notified to attend the funeral of our.; late
brother, M. H. Qulnn, to-morrow (Tuesday),
at 8 o'clock, from the parlors of McFadden,
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. By order of'
J. KENYON C. R
Attest: JOHN G. CHASE JR.. Fin. Sec'
RODERICK— In* this city. April 10. 1904, Jo-
- sephD., beloved husband of 'Amelia Roder-
ick, and devoted father of , John. ."Anthony
Louise and May Roderick; a native of Corvo,'
Azore Islands, ared ' 45 years and 9
months. A member of Cosmopolitan Lodge
No. 194. I. O. O. F., and Corte Real No. 30
da N. P. E. C. , .:'_
(CyFrlenfls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, . 625 Golden Gate ' avenue, between
.' , Van- Ness avenue and Franklin street. Cre-
mation I. O. O. F. Cemetery. /¦
REILLY— In this city. April 17. 1904 John
Francis, beloved son of Mary and, the late
Michael Reilly, and beloved brother of
Michael T., Catherine '. and the late * Annie
Reilly. Mrs. Cosmos de Andries and Mrs.
James Tapples, a native of San Francisco,
aged 42 yram. .1 -
, lETThe funeral will take place Tuesday,
1 April 19. . at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 10 Vandewater street, : thence to St.
Francis Church, where a- requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ~ . '" ' -•
RUFUS— In Sonoma, Cal., April 15, 1904, Fred-
•ericka Rufus, dearly *¦•¦ beloved ' mother of
Louise M. and Otto R. Rufus and Mrs. H. J.
"Wicker,! a . native of > Wurtemberg, Germany.
, ¦¦ '• B-7 Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, . from her
late residence to-day > (Monday), at ' 11
o'clock. ¦ . . ,.- . . j
SALTS— In this ' city. April 17. 1004, Albert,
beloved husband of Mary Salts, and father
of Carrie Salts, and' brother of. James A.
Salts, a native of New York, aged -58 years.
A member of Ivy Lodge . No. 1710, Knights
of "Honor." j .1 ;
cyFuneral services -'"private. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery
SAWYER— In this city/ April 16. 1904, George
M.. beloved husband ; of " Mary . Sawyer and
: father of George and- Frifhk Sawyer ' Mrs.
George H. Warner.- Mrs. Henry -Heinz, and
.¦;.' Mrs.; James Miller- a native ¦ of ¦ Germany,'
, aged 55 years 3 months and 16days. >
• luT Friends and acquaintances are. r respect-"
. fully : invited to attend «- the : funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock.' from his late resi-.
¦ dence. 117 Wolf etreet.near Alabama, thence
to St.Peter's Church/ where a' requiem high
mass will be . celebrated - for : the repose of
.„ his soul, commencing at v 9 o'clock..- Inter-
ment : Holy Cross Cemetery; : :. Please omit
flowers. • *• » .•*•¦¦.'¦'-
" SCOLLIN— In '. this city, April 16,* 1904,* Frank
P.," dearly beloved husband ¦ of ¦ Hannah Scol-
' lln, and father - of :• Grace, ?. Frank, , Joseph.
: Richard . and ;¦ Albert ;\ Scollln.'^ a i native -.- of
Charlestown, Mass., aged 57 years and 6
-months." . ' .¦,;''¦. ¦, •'.'...
C7Frlends ' and acquaintances' are ; resppct-
' fuily : invited to attend - tbe -funeral', to-day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 13 Wood ward avenue, between Mission
and Valencia, -Thirteenth * and H% Fourteenth
streets* thence to St.' Joseph's Church," where
a requiem ; high 1 mass ' will • be ; celebrated : for
the repose : of; hia : soul; • commencing at 10
o'clock. 7. Interment Holy Cross. Cemetery,' by
electric, funeral car from Eighteenth and
¦'.- Guerrero ; streets. \ ¦-.'".
SEGERSTROM— In : this > city, i April 17. 1904.
James • McGinn. -¦:»¦¦ — . •*. Henry >¦ Hansen.
JAMES ¦ McOINN ' & CO..
Foimerly With 'McGinn Bros.,
' ~- — Funeral Directors and Embalmer*^— —'
214 Eddy" st;: Tel." South 576. '
¦V Hilda." beloved ' daughter : . of " Carolina Seger-
i, strom: -and sister of Olaf: Segerstrom and the
' late Olga Segerstrom.^ a native of San Fran-,
Cisco.' aged 15 years. - . ; r> :-
-., ICTFriends are . respectfully invited to at-
""tend the 'funeral to-morrow (Tuesday), .at
10 o'clock, from the parlors of Craig, Coch-
¦ ran & Co..- 429 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment . Cypress ¦ Lawn * ; Cemetery, . by ; 11 :30
o'clock train from Third ¦ and Townsend
.-. streets.'V.-; j.' ¦*, : ,¦';.¦. ' :'-
SIEGEL— In "Spokane. Wash., April 14, 1904.
Mose, i beloved husband, of Hortense .Siegel;
. and brother of Leopold' Siegel and Mrs. L.
Kugelman, .a native of Germany,' aged 7CJ
years 4 months and 9 . days. ... :"
IE7Friends. and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral ' to-day
(Monday), at 12:15 o'clock, from • the resi-
•' dence of Simon- Clayburgh, 1916 Jackson
street.. Interment Home ¦ of ' Peace Cemeterj',
by special train leaving Third and Town-
Bend streets at < 1:45 o'clock.: - '
TAYLOR— Entered into rest, Saturday, April
IB. 1904, Kathleen Glen Taylor, beloved child
6f William A. and Esther Reynolds Taylor,
aged 5 - years - and - 7 months. •
ICTFuneral Tuesday at - o'clock, from, the
residence, r 1421 ¦ Benton street, Alameda.
TOEL-^-In the C.Hy and County Hospital,
April 17. 11)04. Harry Toel. a native of Mis-
souri, aged 38 years. .
WEIDMAN— In this city. April 17, 1904, Alice
L., beloved daughter of' Mary A. and the late
AVHliani H.- Weidman t and sister of Mrs.
Louis Dean : of Reno. Nev.. and Mrs. N.
¦ W. • Blume of. San - Francisco.", a. native of
Iowa. .
Cy The funeral will . take place. Tuesday,
April 19. at 10 o'clock." from the parlors "of
Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Odd Fellows' , Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In : this city, April 16. 1904,
William A. Williams, aged 82 years. /
\LJt Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to "attend the funeral services
Tuesday, April. 19. at 2 o'clock, at Pioneer
Hall. Fourth street, near. Market (5 Pioneer
place). Remains. at, the parlors of the Cali-
fornia Undertaking Company 405
street, near Post. Interment Cypress Lawn
• Cemetery. ¦ :_>' . ; \ ' •CATCHER PROVES A FAILURE.
SACRAMENTO. April 17.— The San Fran
cisco team of the California State" League won
the game to-day in the first two innings, as
McCue. the new catcher for the Sacramento
team, proved a failure. After these two in
nings the game was as fast as league ball and
greatly delighted the 2400 fans In attendance
Score: . R. H. E.
San Francisco 9 9 3
Sacramento '. 3' 12 8
Batteries — Nagle and Byrne: Brown and Mc-
Cue ami Loverich. Umpire — Burke -
STOCKTON. April 17. — The Heesemans of
Oakland defeated Stockton In a onesided game
to-day. Sccre: r. h. E.
Stockton 2 7 9
Heesemans .....'. ....12 12> 2
Batterie* — Flynn. Morelng and Stanage; Per
rlne and Hammond.
SAN JOSE. April 17.— Lodi beat San Jose In
an exciting game of ball to-Ja>. Score: *
7 U. H. E."
Lodl- ¦.-...-... 5 8- 2
San Jos* '..- 3 % 6- .-•* 1
Batteries— Ingalls and Burke; Emerson and
Arellanea. . . ,. «¦¦:-.-»
Both sides rested yesterday from the
efforts of the week. , This afternoon
President Mahon~ of the "Carmen's In
ternational-Union, and President, Cor
nelius arid Secretary i Bbwling 6t the
local organization , will continue ,the
presentation of their, side ' of - the I case
before President Holland, Vice: Presi
dent Holbrook and Director Tobin of
the United Railroads. President Mahon
yesterday stated that he had , every
hope for a peaceful settlement of the
controversy. - ¦.-'."* .'..' ; \
Hope that the conference to-day
and those succeeding will ultimately
result in an amicable settlement of the
difficulties that have threatened to in
volve the Carmen's Union and the
United Railroads in a colossal test of
strength was generally expressed: by
the officials and members of the union
yesterday. ' v-. ¦
CARMEX WILL COXTIXUE
PRESENTATION' OF CASE
This thought led the doctor to the
labor situation. He said that on the
one hand a body of men organize and
frequently their epirit la to get as
much work a* possible for as "little
pay as possible. On the other
hand, laboring men .organize, 'and
sometimes their spirit is to do as little
¦work as possible for as much pay
as possible. If employers should
b* anxious to pay as much as they
rightly could and if employes were as
anxious to r«nder as much service for
what they get the labor question would
b« »«eUled.
The doctor was strong in ihs
denunciation of greed, the desire to
make money eimply for the sake of
having it. and said that greed could
b« in the poor as easily as in the rich.
It Is not the question of how much a
man haa. but the spirit he has with
rejrard to it.
"The -difficulty." he said, "is that
some realize they are rendering a serv
ice and others do not.. Some put
their whole spirit into the service re
quired of thorn and others render
service because they cannot avoid it."
Dr. Lyman Abbott preached a #er
mon at the First Congregational
Church yesterday morning on the sub
ject of "Christ's Standard of Great
ness," and this standard he applied to
men of iill conditions in life..
Rev. Dr. Lynuw Abbott - SaccincUy
Gl*c* lib* Idea of Spirit of Em
ployer and Kmploje.
guEsnox of greed is
DISCUSSED BY DIVINE
Champions Are Unable to Hit the Ball
at OpiKirtune Times.
1X)S ANGELES. April 17.— Tacoma
made it five out of six for the «eries
FIVE GA3IES FOR TAOOMA.
The new baseball grounds at Idora
Park. Oakland, were opened yesterday
morning and nearly 4000 fans were
there to see Oakland take a game
\ from Seattle. Peter's men managed
to bunch their hits on Barber during
the early stages and accumulated five
run* when the seventh had been
played. During the seventh Seattle
began to locate Graham and in a
twinkling four tallies were on the
boards for them. Buchanan wns put
in to finish the game and he managed
to keep the northerners away from the
rubber. The score:
Oakland— , Seattle—
AB.R. H. P.A.! AB.R. H. P.A.
Ganly. rf.4 0 0 3 1 VanH, cf.5 0 2 2 0
Frncko. *.4 O « 12 Mohir. 2b.5 1*05
Krugr.« lf.4 1 1 2 O Smith, rf .4 0 0 0 0
Dnlvy. rf.4 2 2 3 0 Frisk, If. 5 0 111
Fcbfiy. Sb.3 111 0 Hall. »...3 O O 4 2
Streib. lb.3 0 0 10 1 Brshr, lb.3 1 111 0
Devrx 3b.2 1112 Dlhty. SbA 12 12
Boettgr, c.l 0 0 5 It Wilson, c.3 114 2
Grahm. p.3 0 1 0 2 Barber, p.4 0 1 1 1
Bchan, p.O 000 2 —
! Total».38 4 12 24 13
Totala.28 5- 6*24 11!
•ilarfcer ont— hit by batted ball.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 O 0 O 0 0 4 0 O— 4
Base Mts 000140S1 1—12
Oakland 0 0 1 30 10 Ox— Si
Base hits 0 0 1.2 0 3 0 ,0 X— tf
SUMMARY.
H1U — Off Graham, 10; off Buchanan, ' 2.
Stolen base — MoMer. Krrom — Hall - <Z), Frlnk.
Kruger <2>. Barber. Delchanty. Two-base bita
— Graham, . Delehanty. Sacrifice, hits — Wilson,
Boettiger. t^chafiy. First base on error* —
Seattle -. Oakland 4. First base on called
balls— Off Barber, 2; eff Graham, 2. L»-ft on
base* — Seattle 0. Oakland 3. Struck out — By
Barber. 2: by Graham. 4; by Buchanan, 1. Hit
by pitcher — Smith. Time of game — Two hours.
Umpire — McCarthy.
Xew Grounds Opened to Public.
On February 27 last, Murnane, who
formerly lived at 36 Sixth' street,- dis
appeared from the Almshouse. The
day before his disappearance he told
one of his friends, also* an Inmate of
the Almshouse, that he had tired of
a life of poverty. "My last'ehild died
a few months ago," he said,' "and
since that time I have been depend
ant on' the city. for alms. .What is life
to me, now. where once I had the best
of everything",? '
• The" next day Murnane disappeared.
He was last seen. strolling toward the
dense growth of trees near "the Alms
house, known as the Sutro forest. Al
though .52 years : of age, Murnane
climbed the smooth trunk of the" tree
and,, fastening | the noose, swung him
self into a better world.
The body of. Thomas Murnane,
once a wealthy business man of this
city, later a physical wreck and inmate
of the Almehouse, was found yester-.
day. hanging to the top branch of. a
tall eucalyptus tree in the Sutro for
est. The body was found by L. K.
Pryer of 660^ Broderlck street and A.
E. Pinchlnff of 1104 Devlsadero street.
Murnane had evidently been dead
for" two months. The body '.was taken
to the Morgue.' Nothing of value was
found on it. ;.
Once Wealthy Resident of City, Later
— Inmate of Almshouse, Kills ' -
Himself.
THOMAS MURXAXE ItAXGS .
HIMSELF FROM A TREE
Stolen base — Anderson. Errors — Irwin, Na
deau.. Two-base hit — Irwin. Sacrifice hits
Meany, Mawey. Anderson. Drennan. First
base on errors — San Francisco, 1; Portland. 1.
First base on called balls — San Francisco 2.
Left on bases — San Francisco, C;" Portland*. 4!
Struck out — By -Yerkes. 2; by Druhot, «.
Double plays — Schmeer to Anderson to Ma.«sey-
Francis to Freeman to Francis to Steelman'
HI* by pitcher— Irwiri, Anderson. Time of
game — 1 :3$. Umpire — O'Connel!. •'
SUMMARY.
FRESNO, April 17. — The lone and
winning score of Portland , to-day
came on three str.iight hits off Yerkes
in the seventh. Bock got the first and
Shea the second. Then Castro passed
a high filer over third and scored
Beck. Except this one inning, Yerkes
pitched a good game. Druhot sent
' them over in great shape. In the
ninth Irwin was on second by virtue
of a two-bagger. Castro shoved the
ball in his jacket and waited till Irwin
ambled off. Then Castro got him.
Irwin ' remonstrated with O'.Connell
and was fined $5. At the end of the
fifth inning Steelman was fined $5
and was ordered .off the field for hoot
ing a bad decision. Portland played
better to-day than she has since she
cam* here. Score: - •
Portland — - I San* Francisco —
AB. R.H. P.A.I AB. R. H. P. A:
; Drnan.cf 3 0 0 2 on*aldrn.ef 4 O 0 1 O
NadaetUf 4 0 0 2 0 HHdbd.lt 3 0 0 5 0
Fremn,lb 3 0 0 12 IMeany.rf 3 0 14 0
Deck.2b.. 3 111 2 Irwin,3b. 2 0 2 0 1
Kteelmn,c 2 0 0 3 1 Ma«ey,lb 3 0 0 8 0
.Ehea.c... 1 * 1 5 0 Andsn.Zb 2 0 0 13
Castro, «s.3 0 2 14 fichmer.ss 3 0 0 12
I Frncts,3b 3 © 0 0 4 Gorton.c. 3 0 0 4 1
McCrde.rf 3 O 1 1 0 Yerkes.p. 2 U 0 0 1
Druhot, p.3 0002
Totals 25 0 3 24 8
Totals 2S 1 5 27 IV
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 ft- 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits ..* 1 1 0 0 0 0 .0 0 1—3
Portland 0 0 0 O 0 0 1 0 0—1
Base hits 0000 1 03 1 0—5
OLD TRICK FOOLS IRWIX.
Castro Conceals the Ball In His Jacket
and Puts Man Out.
It required two trials to bring the
finals to a decision, the dogs first
breaking even In points, with a score
of 7-7. After the undecided course
Quita led and beat Young Fearless
handily.
Rector looked a great possibility for
stake honors, but in the second round,
against Crawford Belle. he,scared up
an extra hare and came in for a long
course that eventually proved his un
doing.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official
scores:
Open stake, first round — Frisky Barbara beat
Clobefell. 4-1 ; Tralee Lass beat Meddlesome,
11-5; Pasha Pleasant beat Thetis, 4-0; Cosette
beat Gold Lily. 3-1; Luxury beat Dorothy M.
7-tj; Aurelia beat Black Coon, 5-4; <^ulta beat
Ragtime, 7-1; Game Boy beat Firm Fellow,
4-3; Terra Cotta beat Real Duchess, ll-«;
Prometheus beat Wattles. 4-3; Equator beat
Lily York, 4-3; Adonis beat Spotless Beauty.
4-0; Apple Blossom beat Orslna, 7-3; Rose of
Gold beat Krishna. 7-5; Idleness beat Rolla
Wells. 5-4; Haughty Helen beat Northern Lad,
9-7; Loretta a bye; Don Pedro beat Octavlua,
12-4; Rector beat Ouida. S-0; Sea Lion beat
Concord.' Boy, $-3; -Crawford Belle beat
Glaucus 6-0; Young Johnnie Rex beat Balen
dlne. 7-0; Ml Amlgobeat High Born, 13-1»;
Sofala beat Rich Argosy, 5-0: Frisky Boy beat
Toronto, 13-3: Hermit beHt Lucky Shamrock.
4-1; Maid of the Glen beat Recruit. 5-0; Young
Fearless beat- Royal Friend, 5-2; Silver Cloud
beat Reckless Acrobat. 4-1; Yellowtall beai
Belfast. 4-0; Bob R beat Northern Alarm. 11-4;
Commercial TraveWr beat Vina. 7-0.
Secon-1 round— Frisky Barbara beat Trale«
Lass, 8-1 : Pa.«ha Pleasant beat Cosette,; 7-5;
Aurella beat Luxury. 5-3; Quita beat Game
Boy. 0-5; Prometheus beat Terra- Cotta. 8-4;
Equator beat Adonis. 12-5; Apple Blossom beat
Rose of Gold. «-0: Idleness beat I laugh t y
Helen 12-0; Rector beat Crawford Belle, ir-9;
Loretta beat Don Pedro, «-2; Sea Lion beat
Young Johnnie Rer. 3-0; Sofala a bye; Frisky
Boy beat Hermit, 6-0; .Young Fearless t*at
Maid of the Glen, 4-3; - Yellowtall beat Silver
Cloud. 5-3; Commercial Traveler beat Bob
R, 6-3. ¦ ' ¦ ¦ .' ~-^.,'-: ¦ ¦
Third round— Frisky Barbara beat Pasha
Pleasant. 4-0: Quita a bye; Prometheus -beat
Equator, 11-7; Apple Blossom beat Idleness,
0-5; Rector beat Lorette. fi-0; Sea L,!on beat
Sofala 5-3: Young Fearless beat Frisky Boy,
6-3 ; Yellowtall beat Commercial Traveler. 6-3.
Fourth round— Oulta beat Frisky Barbara,
4-3; Prometheus beat Apple Blossom, 10-7:
Young Fearless beat Rector. 3-0; - Sea L'.on
beat Yellowtall. 5-2. j
Fifth round — Qirtta. beat Prometheus, 5-0;
Young Fearless beat-Sea Lion. 7-1. •
Deciding | course — Quita. beat Young Fear
less, 4-1. v \
George Nethercott's fast greyhound
Quita won the open stake at Ingleside
Coursing Park yesterday, beating J.
O'Shea's Young Fearless in the decid
ing course. -
STAKE- VICTORY, FQR^QUTTA.
XELSOX OF OAKLAND
WIXS FIRST ROADRACE
Enjoys a Handicap of Three Minutes
—Berryessa of San Jose 3Iakes |
Fastest Time.
The first bicycle race of the season
was held .over the Haywards road
course yesterday under the auspices
of the California Associated Cyclers.
It was a ten-mile handicap and was
won by C. E. Nelson of the 'Oakland
Wheelmen, who had a handicap of
three minutes.
The. fastest time for the race was
made by J. R. Berryessa of San Jose
from the 45-second mark.
The prize-winning riders finished in
the following order: C. E. Nelson,
Oakland Wheelmen, first; A. Trout,
New Century Wheelmen, second; W.
Hampshire, Bay City Wheelmen,
third; M. Ringrose, California Cvcling
Club, fourth; George Fry, Bay City
Wheelmen, fifth.
The time prizes were won in the
following order: J. R. Berryessa,
first; F.-H. McLaughlin, second; R.
Williamson, third. : :-•"
XATIOXAIi U-IAGUE TEAMS
PLAY BAIJU OX SUXDAT
The Brooklyn Xine Defeats Boston
. on 'Its Own Grounds by a Top
heavy Score.
NATIONAL- LEAGUE. .
NEW YORK. Aortl 17.— For the flrat tUns
In the history of the National League a cham
pionship baseball gajne between two of itJ
teams was played on Sunday in Brooklyn. The
Brooklyns . and Bostons were the contestants.
There were more than K,C*O iveool* prtsent.
but everything was orderly. There was ro fn
terference on the part of the authorities. So
admission - fee was -charge! . at the . «ntraace
gates, bat all persons . who pasaed through ths
Inner turnstiles had to purchase -seorecarda
which, according to their color, admitted the
purchaser to the amtndxtand or the field stands
and bleachers- Tb# local men won easily by
a score of J :o 1. Score:
Brooklyn T. 9 13 2
Boston 1 * " *
Batteries — Jones and Berg«n; WillLs. Fisher
and Moran. Umpire — Ziiamer.
gT. LOUIS. April 17.— The St. Louts Xa
ticna! League team wen the game to-day from
Pittsburg. The crowd was a record-breaker,
the"* official attendance being given at 23.25O.
St. Louis f( • ;
Pittsburg 5 9 1
Batteries — McFartand and Grady; Lee.
Scanlan and Phelrw. Umpire — O'Day.
CINCINNATI. April 17. — The Cincinnati*
had no trouble in solving the delivery of
Brown and. aided by the Chicago's errors,
gathered in a ccmparattveiy easy victory.
Evers was put out of the grounds for disputing
a decision- Attendance, 16, ICO. Score:
R* H. E.
Cincinnati 12 13 1
Chicago • 3 8-7
Batteries — Harper and Peltz. Brown and
Kllng.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. April 17. — An Immense crowd
turned out to see. Cleveland shut out Chicago!
to-day. Tie locals could not hit Donahue at 1
critical times, while the visitor* were able tc
bunch their bits to advantage. Attendance.
17.500. Score: r
St. Louis 13 17 •
Detroit 2 * J
Batteries — SudhcC and Sustfen. StovaU-aad
Buelow.
Chicago » I 2
Cleveland 5 W . »
Batteries — White and Sullivan. F. Donahue
and Bemls.
. ST. LOUIS. April 17. — The St. Loais Ameri
can League team easily defeated ; the Detroit!
to-day, was hit hard. Attendance.
"^ SCOnl ' R- H. E.
TRICKED -BY A SNEAK THIEF.— Mrs. Mc-
Isaac. 3^3 Monroe street^^reported to the police
yesterday that on Saturday morning a young
man, well dressed, called at her house inJ an
swer to an advertisement of a flat . for sale.
She showed htm Into the front parlor and while
they were talking the gas collector called. Mrs.
Mclsaac left the room to pay the gas bill, and
after the young man had departed she discov
ered that a $20 gold piece had been stolen from
her pur«<\ which lay en a sideboard.
The large sloop Minnetonka. former
ly named Angela and owned by W.-J.
Wood, ex-commodore of the Vallejo
Yacht Club, is enrolled in the fleet of
the San Francisco club. R. S. Bridg
man's sloop Thetis will be towed from
South San Francisco, where she has
been hauled out during the winter, to
Sausalito early this week.
• The sloop Corinthian- challenger for.
the San Francisco Perpetual Cup. wa3
under way yesterday, taking a trial
spin In the channel under her own
sails.
The sloops Nellie and Challenger
were under way yesterday, the; latter
cruising in the channel. The sloop
Sappho, formerly owned by Dr. A. W.
McKenzie of the San Francisco Yacht
Club, has been purchased by W. W.
Haley and three friends. Last year,
she was owned and sailed by two resi
dents of Antioch. where she lay during
the winter. On Friday morning Jack
son's launch went up to Antioch" and
towed the sloop to Vallejo in the even
ing. The crew went to Vallejo on
Saturday night and, having bent her
sails, cruised all night, reaching £:au
salito in the morning. The sloop,
though somewhat old, has been well
cared for and will prove a splendid
cruising boat.
J. R. Hanlfy's new schooner Martha
was vnder sail for the first time on
Saturday and went out for a cruise
yesterday. J. V. Coleman^s schooner
Aggie came off the ways at South San
Francisco on Saturday night and was
towed to Sansallto.
Many yachtsmen were busy at Sau
salito yesterday getting their crafc
ready for opening day, the 23d Inst.
Some boats are already in commission.
Off the wharf of the San* Francisco
Yacht Club there are at anchor the
flagship Challenger, the schooner Ag
gie, the yawls Tramontana, Phyllis and
Royal, the sloops Nellie, Ariel. Sappho,
Grade, Surprise. Juanita, Halcyon and
several launches.
Golden Gate Park results: - Finals of third
cl^ss — Robert Drolla won from J. R. Lewis by
de'fault. . Practice — Herbert Long beat Clar
ence Griffin. 6-4, ~4^6. &-2; J. F. Brady beat
J. B. Adims, 6-3; C. Dunlap and C Foley
beat J. A. Code and H. Long. 7-5. 2-6. 6-3: G.
Baker and Code beat J. M. Baker and Griffin.
6-1; F. Adams and Brady beat R. Drolla and
Guerln, 6-3, 6-2; Ho-well and Lemon beat
Guerin and Brady. 6-3, 6-3; Foley and Dwr.Iap
beat G. Baker and Griffin. 6-4. 3-6. 7-3; Baker
and Baker beatDunla? and GrUfln. 6-4; Cod»
beat J. M. Baker. .0-4, 7-5; Lemon beat In
ward, «•*.- '— ~ — ,v c -' -•-•—.- —~. ¦**—
Calr'ornia dub — Frank Mitchell beat Will
Allen, 6-0, 6-1; C. J. Smith and J. D. Mac-
Gavin beat Mitchell and Herbert Schmidt. 6-0.
3-6, 9-8: Harold Gabriel beat.H. E. Pxmnett,
6-3. 6-1; Dr. Noble and. Prtchard beat-B, B.
Daggett and Cutter, 2-«J. 9-7, 6-1. 6-0; Schmidt
beat C. Smith, tt-1. 6-4; Grant Smith and Ray
Cornell beat Tracy Crawford and Will Collier.
7-5. 6-O; G. Smith beat Crawford. 5-7. 6-2. 6-2;
Will Page beat Ben Wood. 6-3. 7-5; Gu» LIsser
beat W. Burnett. 6-3, 4-6, 6-2.
No tennis tournaments were played
on the California Club and Golden Gate
Pa/k courts yesterday, but there. some
Interesting practice games vrere decid
ed. The match In which most interest
centered was that between Clarence
Grifiln, the most prominent player at
the Park, and Herbert Long, the Call
fornja Club's most promising young
| ster. . >V-%
The match "was played in one of the
Park courts and was witnessed by
many spectators. Both tjoys were out
to win. That they are evenly matched
the score shows. After each had won
a 6-4 set. Long, hy a splendid effort,
took the third and deciding set 9-7.
Long led at 3-1 and 40-30, but Griffin
soon ran the score up- to 5-4 in his fa
vor. He also led at 7-6. Long evened
up matters and won the next j two
games. ,_ In the last game he won four
clean aces on backhand drives.
All of the experts turned out at the
California Club courts and some clever
matches resulted. Frank Mitchell was
at his best and beat Will Allen two sets
with the loss of but one game.
Grant Smith and Tracy Crawford
played three good sets. Crawford is
improving rapidly. He won the first
set, but Smith took the next two easily.
Smith had a lead of »-3 in the first set.
In ' doubles Drummond MacGavin
and Chet Smith played a close match
with Mitchell and Herbert Schmidt.
The former won the first set 6-0. Mitch
ell and Schmidt won the second 6-3.
The third set was exceedingly close.
At 8-8 they decided to let one game
decide; it. This game was won by
Smith and MacGarvin and gave them
the match.
* Another/ good doubles was, that In
which Ray \ Cornell and Grant Smith
won two straight sets from W. B. Col
lier and Crawford. ' The scores:
Scores on .ring target— A. Strecker 74 rings
out of possible 75. F. E. Mason 72. M. Hartter
72. A. Pape 72. D. B. Faktor 71. Al Gehret
71. Jacob Myer 70, J. L. Utschlg 70... John
Jones 70, C M. Henderson 70. F. Attinger «»,
A. Buergi «59, M. Kolander «0. M. F. Blasse
69. W. F. Blasse 6S». Ed Ladd 68, O. Bremer 6S.
A. Rahwyler 67, C. Meyer 07, L. Barrere U7.
F. P. Schuster 6T; L. J. Reubold 66 P.
Brunotte 66. A. Studer 66, H.' Huber 6H. F.
Ruhstaller 68, J. Zahn 66. O. W. Maxwell «5
L. Thlerbaeh 65. T. J. Carroll 64.- A. Weber
64. G. RUcbmulIer 64, F. Brandt 64, R. J.
Wight 64 C. Thierbach 64, C. Peach 62, M.
M. Salltnger 61. A. H. Cady 61. P. H.
Knoble 60. . v , - -
A. Strecker 73,Chris Meyer 73, Frank Bremer
72. Otto Bremer 72, A. Studer 72, A. Pape, 71, A.
Gthret 71, Jacob Myer 71. Al Ehrenpfort 70, D.
B. Faktor 70, Max Kolander 70. < W. F. Blasse
70. C. M. Henderson 70, John Jones 70, L. J.
Reubold 70. M. Hartter 70, P. Brunotte CO,
George Rischmuller t». F. WerWn 63, A. Ber
telsen CO. M. F. Blasse 6S. F. Ruhstaller US.
F. Brandt tJS, A. E. Weber 68. F. Attinger 6a.
B. Jonas C6, J. L. Utschig 66. J. Zahn 66, C.
M. Henderson 66. E. Hammond 66. L. Rltran
6«, L. Barrere 66. W. A. Roberts 65. T. J.
Carroll 65, John Boiler 65, E. Ladd 64, M Sal
linger 64, J. F. Bollinger 64. C. Thierbach 64,
A. Weatphal 64, M. J. White 64, F. P.
Schuster 64. E. Woenne 64 A. Buergi 63,
W. H. Roberta 63, H. Huber 63, P. Jacoby
63. W. ¦- Gllndemann 63, R. Stettin 62. H
Bornholdt 62. P. H. Knoble 62. J. Zaba 62. J.
D. Feldenaann 61. C. Peach 61, G. H. Bahra
60. H. Scheunert 60.
Sacramento was represented by Jacob
Myer. Captain Frank Ruhstaller, A.
Burgf. From Petaluma Captain Fred
Kuhnle came to take part in the con
test.
Among the participants were the fol
lowing:
Frank E. Mason, Q. M. Henderson. A.
Strecker. F. Brandt. J. Jones. Al Ehrenpfort,
Philo Jacoby. L. Barrere, F. Rlede T. J. Car
roll, Fred Levers. E. Benjamin, J." A. Master
son. A. Breuss. Jacob Myer. David Ruhstaller.
Charles Thierbach. C. Zimmerman. Captain F.
Ruhstaller. A.' Burgl. Chris Meyer. Otto
Bremer, W. F. Blasse, C. Peach, L. C. Babln
Judge G. H. Bahrs, D. B, Faktor John Horst
mann. H. Hack-. William Glindemann, F. P.
Schusur. M. J. White. F. Schumacher, A. E.
Weber, Robert Wight, M. M. Sullinger. W. H.
Roberts. Peter H. Knoble. J. F. RoIIinger, E.
Woenne. John.,. Waller. •¦ A, L. Ott." William
Ehrenpfort, A. Rahwyler. A.- L> Pape. A.
Brehm. AJ Ghianda. Al C. Gehret. Captain
John E. Klein. H:. Schennert, M. F. Hartter,
H. Stettin. Ftank* D. Smith. John Boiler,
Reinhold Stettin, C. M. Rousseau. A. Bert*;
sen. Max Kolander. George RIschmuller. Cap
tain F. Attlnger. M. Reubold, A. Studer, Leo
Simon. Charles Thierbach. L. Mayrhofer, F.
G Bradford, Fred Hovey, l. Ritaau. '
The scores on the honorary target
were:
The committee which had charge of
the affair and brought the festival to
such a successful conclusion was com
posed of Fred Levers, Philo Jacoby,
L. J. Reubold, T. J. Carroll. A. Rah
wyler, M. F. Blasse, J. C. Waller, Wil
liam F. Blasse. E. Woenne.
There was a large delegation of vis
iting marksmen present. San Jose was
represented by. F. Schumacher, A. E.
Weber, Robert Wight. M. M. Sullen
ger, W. H. Roberts, Peter H. Knoble,
J. F. Bollinger. -
The annual spring shooting- festival
of the California Schuetzen Club held
yesterday at San Rafael was one of the
most successful affairs In the history
of the organization. More than 130
marksmen participated in the event
and more than 4000 shots were fired
at the targets. The scores made were
the highest In many years.
Adolph Strecker, .who won the King
ship at the Bundes shoot last year,
again demonstrated his ability -at the
rifle range by making 74 rings out of a
possible 75 oh the ring target and 73
rings on the honorary target. -
. He was closely fallowed by F. ; E.
Mason, A. L. Pape and M. Hartter,
who made 72 each.
On the honorary target Chris Meger
tied the highest score of 73 rings. Otto
Bremer, A. Studer and Frank Bremer
were close up with 72 rfhgs each.
The five highest tickets on the hon
orary .target and also on the ring tar
get were won by A. Strecker with 352
rings on each target. Al Gehret was
second best cm the ring target with 350
rings. A. L. Pape waa second best for
the best five tickets on the honorary
target with 347 rings. '
The first bullseye in the morning was
won by Paul Bruriotte, the last in the
forenoon- by A. Rahwyler. The first
bullseye in the afternoon was taken by
John Zahn and the last of the day by
A. L. Pape. ~ • N
SAX MATEO, April 17. — The Olym
pic Club lacrosse team suffered an
ovenvhelmlnx defeat at the hands of
the Talagdoa^on, C "W. Clark's field
this afternoon, the score being 14 to
1. The visitors were as children In
the hands of the practiced Talagoos
who surpassed themselves— in both
team and individual work. The score
was so Uneven" that after making the
fourteenth goal in the fourth quarter
they ceased their efforts to put the
ball in the net, but gave an exhibition
of team work until even McLaughlin,
field captain of the Olympics, called on
them to play ball. **?£¦
Then some one of the spectators
shouted "Put them on a silver basis;
make it 16 to 1." which put both
sides on their mettle and so thorough
ly stirred up the Olympics that they
prevented their opponents from scor
ing again. This was the most ex
citing period of the 'game. The ball
hovered constantly about the Olym
pics' goal, but the magnificent defense
of Burden and Welsh kept it from be
tween the posts. The Olympics have
plenty of pluck and several fine play
ers, but they lack, practice as a team.
Talaxooa. Position. Olympic.
Dcmara Goal .................. Jones
Pease ..: Point Burden
Degan Cover _ point Lynch
Alt and Brown. 1st defense Whlmperly
Stag* 2d defense Walsh
Myere 3d defense Henneker
Gilllgan Center Watts
Coutts '. :; J home J. T. McCarthy
Martin Lyons... 2d home D. McCarthy
J. J. Lyons 1st home .. I/e Brettville
Mike Lyon> Outside home
Dr. Slss*B.. Inside home. ..F. McLaughlin
John Rops Field Ca.pt' n. ..T.McLaughl in
H. F. Gittlngs. . Umpire . ..; Mounts
Re'eree — George A. Blgelow.
by defeating the champions to-day.
Score^ — Tacoma 3, Los Angeles 2. The
game was witnessed by the largest
crowd that ever assembled on the
grounds here, numbering about 7000.
Newton and St. Vrain were the oppos
ing pitchers and both did first-class
work. The chamoions, however, as
has been the ca^se in all the games
against Tacoma, could not hit the
ball when men were on bases. Twice
in to-day's game a hit of any sort
would have won the game for them,
but it was not forthcoming. There
was a constant series of kicks by
both teams against Huston's
decisions. The score:
LOS ANGELES. April 17.— Score:
Los Ancelec — ; Tacoma —
. . AB.R.H. P.A.! AB.R. H. P.A.
Brnrd, cf.2 10 2 0 Casey. 2b.4 113 1
Flood. 2b-3 0 0 13 Shehn, 3b.2 0 0 0 4
Emlth. 3b. 4 0 2 1 3 Nrdyk. lb.3 1 1 11 1
Crvth, rf.3 0 0 0 1 Egan. s.-3 0 1 4 1
Ross. If.. 3 O 0 1 O Lynch, cf.4 1110
Chase, lb.4 O 0 15 0 MLgn, lf.4 0 110
Toman, s.3 O 0 1 2 Hr.ivn. rf.2 0 0 2 0
Spies, c.3* 0 O 6 0 Grahin. c.3 0 1 5 3
N«?wtn. r-3 1 2 -~^~ 7 S.t.Vrn, p.3 0 0 0 4
Totals. 23 2 4 27 16 Totals. 2S 3 6 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 10100000 0 — 2
Base hits 1 01001010—4
Tacnma 2 O 0 1 0 0 O 0 0 — 3
Ba?e hits 3 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 1 — t»
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Smith <2). Rom. Errors —
Egan (2>. St. Vrain <2>. Three-base hit — Nor
dyke. Two-base hit — Newton. Sacrifice hits —
Ebeehan. Flood, Bernard (2). First base on
errors — Los Angeles 3. Left on bases — Los
Angeles 4, Tacoma 3. First base on called
balls — Off Newton. 3; off St. Vrain, 3. Struck
out — By St. Vrain, 3; by Newton. 2. Double
play — Toman to Chase. Hit by pitched ball —
Haimtvan. Time of game — One hour and for
ty-five minutes. Umpire — Huston.
The reserve stake was divided by
Kichard Anton and>- Real Article, two
representatives of the kennel of James
Sweeney. In the run-ofC of- the decid
ing course Richard A'nton shut out his
kennel-mate pointless. . The coursing
throughout the day was close and in
teresting. The day's results, with
Judge P. J. Reilly's official scores, fol
low:
Red Rock beat Lily Wright. 3-2 f J E H beat
Pepper Jack, 5-4 : Free Born beat Dear Gas
tcn. 14-2; Concord Tralee beat Master ' Rocket,
5-0; Racing Auto beat Fontenoy, • 3-2; Far
away beat Roy Hughle. 4-O; Mr. Zignego beat
Haphazard, 4-2; Money Musk beat Our Motto,
5-3; s-empronius beat Idaho Boy, 4-O; Friend
less Boy j beat Mellinwood, 5-2; ¦ Donnybrook
beat Vandal. 3-2;, Flaunt beat Aggie W, 3-2:
Hudson beat Frisco Lad. 5-3; Duhallow beat
Tom Hurlick, 7-4; Creswick beat Tralee Boy,
3-2; Lulu Girl beat Cubanola. 6-4; Menlo
Prince beat Frank Dunn. 6-0: Colored Lady,
beat Ploughman. 3-2; Pepper Hill beat Mickey
Free, 10-5; Cloverdale Neat General Dewet,
3-2; The Referee beat Rich Array, 4-2; Belle
Free beat Honest John, 5-4; Piker beat Gold
en Links, C-l; Richard Anton beat Gambit,
4-3; Wedgrewood beat Haddlncton, 4-2; Coti
roy beat Favor Free. 4-1; Ruby Sankey beat
Rocker Arm. 3-1 ; Boots beat Jessie Dear, 5r0;
John Heenan beat Joe Pasha, 3-2; Lost Chord
beat Terah. 10-O; Real Article beat Merry-Go-
Round.-4-O; Queen's Motto beat Rapid Water.
13-6.
" Second round — Red Rock beat J E H, 4-3;
Free Born beat Concord Tralee, 3-2; Racing
Auto beat Far-'Away. 6-3; Mr. Zlgnego beat
Money Musk. 12- 1 ?; Sempronius beat Friend
less Boy, 3-2; Donnybrook beat Flaunt, 4-2;
Duhallow bent Hudson, 3-2; Creswick beat
Lulu Girl, '12-3; Menlo Prince beat -Colored
Lady. 4-3; Cloverdale beat Pepper Hill," 5-0-
The Referee beat Belle Free,- 3-2; Richard An
ton beat Piker. 4-2; Conroy beat Wedgewood,
tt-2; Boots beat Ruby Sankey. 3-0; Lost Chord
beat John Heenan, 6-3; Real Article beat
Queen's Motto, 3-0. 1
Third round — Free Born beat Red Rock, 6-0;
Racing Auto beat Mr. Zignego. 3-2; Donny
brook beat Sempronlus, s-tt; Duhallow beat
Creswick, 4-3; Menlo Prince beat Cloverdale,
«-5: Richard Anton 'beat The Referee. 6-0;
Boots beat Conroy, 3-0; Real Article beat Lost
Chord. 13-5.
Fourth round — Racing Auto beat Free Bern,
21-9; Duhallow beat Donnybrook, 6-1; Rich
ard Anton beat Menlo Prince, 610; Rear Arti
cle beat Boots, 7M.
Fifth round — Richard Anton beat Racing
Auto. 7-0; Real Article beat Duhallow, 7-4.
Deciding course — Richard Anton beat Real
Article, 5-0.
Fair Tralee, a greyhound from the
kennels of T. J. Cronin, defeated the
St. Louis crack, Lord Brtizen, at Union
Coursing Park yesterday in three
straight trials! The scores were 7-1,
4-3, 6-2.
The trials were the second In the
series for the Grand National Cham
pionship stakes, in which the best
eight coursers In the State are to com
pete, one pair starting each week. The
winners will be paired . off until the
last two meet in the decisive struggle
for the long end of the purse.
Hall's double to the left field fence
in the seventh, followed by Delehantys
timely eingle, netted another for the
north, rtnd the last one happened in
< the final round, when Frisk was again
| tapped .in the xibs and Boe,ttger l£t
| him go to third by making a wild throw
j to first. H<? hud little trouble in reach
! fcig the ol.ite on Delehanty's long fly
j to Dunlevy.
Dick Williams had the whole Oak
i land layout on his staff from the time
j the bell tapped. Six of them hit nothing
i and few hit safely. He fielded in grand
form an<i was possessed of everything
a pitcher needs to bt-at the other fel
lows. H<» covered first base twice, and
thereby cut off what looked like sure
hits. Every" time he came to the bat
he was givtn the hand of welcome by
the fans.
Mohier figured in two lively double
i plays with Hull andf Brashear assist
i insr. Lonman hurt nis hand in the
j eighth and retired in favor of Boettiger.
! Van Haltren's wonderful work on the
i bases brought down the bleachers, and
i he was the must talked about man in
the field, with the possible exception of
Williams. The score:
Oakland— , Seattle —
AB. n. H. P. A.! AB. R. H. P. A.
' Ganbfj-.rr i o 1 O C '."Hltn.cf 5 12 5 0
j trancks.a 4 0 2 1 4 Uohlr, 2b 3 1112
Kruger.lf i O 0 2 V ; .alth. rf . 3 1 1 1 U
! AJnlvy.cf. 4 0 0 2 uFrlslcIf.. 3 3 1 4 U
I i-cJifly.2b. 3.103 tijiaU.».... 42223
| *treib.lb. 4 « 0 11 0i;ra*hr.lb4 O 1 S 1
! L>vnix.3b 4 <> 2 1 L i>ltuty,3b 5 O 2 0 a
{ 1- • hrr.a:-..- 2 0 O S 1 iJ:k*hip,c 5 O 1 It '1
Mtkmn.p.3 v 2 2 :' Ui;ax>.p 5 0 O 2 2
fioextigr.c 1OO0 0
Totals 37 S 11 27 il
Totals 32 1 7 27 13: \^
RUNS AJ»'I> HITS BY INNINGS.
S*attl«\.. O O 402010 1— S
Ua*e hits ." I 1 3' O 2 1 2 1 O— 11
¦ Oakland ..." © O 0 V 1 0 O t> 0— I
Baa^, hit« ..... 1 1 O " O 1 1 12 0 — 7
, « . " . SUMMARY.
Error* — Mosfciman (3), Hall. Ganley. Bott;
gtr. Francks. Stolen bas«* — Frisk, Deiehacty,
Francks. Ilonw run — Van Haltrea. * Two-bate
hits — Hall Smith Mohier. Sacrifice hits—
Mohier. fcmltii. Hall. First bas« on errorb —
Oakland. 1; .~-att>-. 3. Flrrt base on called
baii* — Off Moskiman. 1: off Williams, 3. Left
on ba.«e* — Oakland. ": Seattle. 9. Struck out —
By Mo*klir.an. 4: bj U'illlamn. «. Hit by
pitcher— Smith. Frisk v<Z), Brashear. Double
playa — Hall to Bra^hear;. Scbafly to Francks to
ftreib (2>. Wild, pitch — Moskisaan. Time of
earn; — ilrUO. Umpire — McCarthy.
| This filled 'em up. Kail sacrificed and
Slohler scooted in. Smith and Frisk
lost no time in rounding the final turn
when Brashear punched a torrid one
past Francks and oucto left field. That
I made four in a row and two more hap
p^red in the fifth.
Frisk was hit by the pitcher and took
third whtrn Hall slammed it out to the
right garden. Ganley picked up the
bal' and lined it to Devereaux. The
was bad and Frisk easily landed
! with the fifth tally. Hall advanced to
third on a wild pitch and arrived when
Moskiman' erred . on Brashear's
grounder.
Moskiman brought in Oakland's
lonely tolly in the same round. Schafly
got a life on Hall's fumble and Lohman
walked. Moskiman drove a peach
through to right field and Schafly easily
beat the throw to the plate, saving a
shutout.
Had Dr. iloskirEan. not allowed his
f t-athers to get rumpled, the fans would
probably have witnessed a close as
well as an interesting exhibition of the
grlorious pastime in the afternoon. But
the doctor felt otherwise than good
natured when the tide of battle began
to turn in favor of the enemy. Conse
quently the northern stars had the con
te.«t handed out to them during the pro
gress cf innins three.
Old man Van Haltren -was the first
tatter uj>. With two strikes and three
ba.118 called, he straightway sent that
b&U on a cruise over the fence that
guards the center aeld. The cheering
had' not died away when the doctor
passed Mohier. Then Doc. showed his
tetnptr. Smith bunted an easy one and
the M. D. forgot to pick it up. Frisk
tried the bunt also and was safe, be
cause Moskiman did not feel like
throwing the ball to first after fielding
it.
Oakland \ras lucky and had new
base bsrO grounds to run on while the
sun -was low Is in* heavens. As old sol
began to attain his natural height, the
Seattle tossers began to attain their
natiirsl hittins powers. So It was like
baofc robber>- for them to take a sec
ond parse from Peter's crew. Scores:
Mcrains game, Oakland 5, Seattle 4;
afternoon gurae. Oakland 1, Seattle 8.
W. U Pet.! W. L. Pet.
Ta^r=a ...14 T .*<-7,Saa Fran_.10 10 .500
Oakland ...14 S .G5 Seattle 10*11.476
Lc* JUTfiss.12 9 JUl\ Portland ... 3 19 .136
staxiii>:o or the. CLrBS.
Medical Tuirler Shows His
Temper When Opponents
Bejrin to Hit the Sphere
James Sweeney's Kichard
Anton and Real Article
Eeach Deciding' Course
Brummpnd MacGavin and
Chet Smith Defeat Mitchell
and . Sclunidt' in Doubles
Gate Receipts for the Day
"Will Go. as in Other Years,
to the Hospital Fund
ttrst rac*" — I»ri«stlikc, Maod Sher
wtx>d, Xonle.
Second race — Oscar Tolle, Judge
Yoorhies. Royal White.
TJUrd race — Bob IU^on, Bill Short,
Mrrlla.
f\>urUi race— <5Icnrlce, Isabellita,
Ada N.
FiTxli race — Titus, Shrll 3Iount,
Sixth race — Forest King. Golden
LJ£hU Ito*aric.
PItO BAULK WIXXERS.
•Apprentice allowance.
?Los Awrelea Index.
Next Saturday will be Fabiola day
at the Oakland racetrack, and an at
tractive programme has been arranged,
including a race for gentlemen riders
and a b&ndkap at one and a sixteenth
miles for three-year-clis and upward.
The gentlem^ne cup will be at a mile
and seventy yards, ror four-year-old?
and upward, weights 165 pounds,' with
overweight allowed.
Some of the cleverest amateurs in the
Vest *U1 be seen In the saddle, among
them Prank Skinn-r. Fred Dieckmann.
Charle* Purh. C IX Batr?, Dr.-W. J.
Smith. Clem j?niith and \V. Fitxgerald
Kenny.
As has bo^n its custom in the past,
the New California Jockey Club trill
donate the receipt* of the day to the
Fabiola Hc*pitaL Complimentary
badges will not b« recognized at the
gates.
A good programme Is offered for the
remainder of the week, with a mile
handicap for three-year-olds and up
ward as the feature.
# Since the opening of the season about
ISSO.OoO has been distributed in stakes
and purses' by the New California
Jockey Club. More than seventy own
ers have won amounts exceeding 5100U.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First rac* — F'.v* £urlor.js: mare*: fffur-year
«:d» ar.tl cp; selling:
r*Z* Amoruna <Mc<jutre> 1.. .I0U
t»;i» "Kentish £hr*w t Lamas iw. Bros.) 101
•"O'J Maud iC^mercsi 1(H5
e«ET La<iy Rowel! (Boots) v l';«i
««S Nellie Bairn OlcCabo 1CU
?vC^T Nfnle tOtnira Ctty siat'c) lfO
e*WtAOi«Iro*e <Haw*> «, ln«
6627 FctenU* «t>eviii» ;..10B
• Fcrtr.erly Pott scia. )
<«31 EcrpUan Hrtncew (OKoorke) 109
i «if Pun la Boot* iJoet^ts* 1C«
m>10 r>t*etlike »SnJd<>r» ." '.'AW
Frlpoeae tAitambra etable) J ..ICC
rV-vi "Suburban (jTietn (VViater) ..1C1
KB Dora I < Weilasan) V.f»
ftdBK Ane«les index.
x^ond rar* — Futurity course; four-year-old*
ar.d ur: »el!tnc:
«it!5 B«nlash <J*-uness) 104
*<££, Rosebud «Parker) VJZ
«t>15 "Juilge Voortiees <Murray> :»T
?*J5 Pure Dale (Thomat & Reavy) 1<3
«*ii31 V.'iterjv^er (Stover) 107
«3T <>«ar Tolle < Klander) , 1C2
i«ttT)ItcyaI White iLowry) 104
>:a*i *Sue John«on <Willtairs) 8t
¦ "•'¦ • M onteiucia (Capps) Vi
Third race — Half mile; two- rear -olds;' sell
lac:
KA.-2S Dixelle #M<<"a'rerty» 103
«J«34 -Pirelia tMlller> »S
W34 David Boland .Baird & Co.) 103
uX53)Bc.b Ra«on < Sumsjers) 112
«634 "Faecharate iN»j» stock farm) S%
»>C»» Bill Short ir«>
»« •Gtarcmi <tir.tth) ' 107
»..«J4 I>eobo»a (Ptewart A Co.) 109
• a 1^* Howard V«nc-» i F1 tig-i^-ald t \XUX
<e:tJ)Oh>cn:y Gti« iFountaic) 109 :
r«crth race— One ar.d a" «ixteennj " miles ; ]
fcor-year-cld? and up; f»?nir^r:
t*HQ Kxriedient 'Srr.ltfc) .107 j
M;to *Mon?ar.» Peerer» iCoffey) 1<X» '
¦'.r.. I^ouwelsea tMcCleary) 1«C
t*>4.1 Ada N <Anmiri Farm) DC
«3S Vat«.l!o > Piedmont Stable) OS
«SO Rl»T«r iLane> l«S
f*36 Vlrgte dOr tMcDowel'.) •--
t«50 Billy Moore (Rector) 107
.'>II Eda Ril*>y <McCafferty) 96
»Mi3*;»GIenrice fGuthrie) 105
?5R3O •Iiabeima (McXarnara) 06
r.f^tt »ilr. Dln«1* (Ticraey) Iu5
t*t3 Prestolua <De\1n> 9$
Fifth race— Futuri'.y course; four year- olds
and uf: Klllrjr:
<^S4 Bard Burns <O'Rourke) 112
to Nrallah <McKenrie» 107
»>ii * M*ehaDU!« < Rector) .".' Hj7
»>H5 Tttu» (Meek)...' 1<vj
<«^S>iSt. "Wmifri'le (Painter) 102
?W35 Shell Mount rWeitaan) KM
f.34 Claujup <Ryan»." 107
t^Vi Yellowitcne <Rne) 112
S;x:h race — On* mile and fifty yards; three
olii* and up; selltn^:
«es>> Oolden Liyht <McCafferty) '. Od
*X?Z North Weet (Clifford) 97
?»«:j •Emil < Williams* " as
<r*j* O-o Viva <Foostalr.) 107
«>=2y "Waterspout •Smtthl so
»>£0 Rosane (Charpell) ;. 07
»:»B3 Homeric «Rorr.irh) »7
w^l Flaneur <Blanchi & Co.) 1 ..1C7
'C F«rt Kinjr «Jon»») I«i7
c «<-:«.T)*Geor»-e Berry (Boettreri 87
«K2 •Eborjr fHamllton Stable), 97
6632 "Anirad (CoSer).... SJ2
Mason, Pape and Hartter Tie
for Second ¦ Place-.. With
High Scores to Their Credit
San Francisco Fleet Will
Be in Commission on Day
Set for Opening Season
Men of Home Twelve Keep
the Ball Constantly About
Their Opponents' Goal
COMPETITION IS CLOSE
M0SKIMAN LOSES HEART
THE SCORE PROVES CLOSE
FINAL SCORE IS U.T0.1
FINE CARD IS ARRANGED
C0ELVTHIAN UNDER SAIL
KESEKVESTAIvE DIVIDED
Tennis Experts From Eival
Clubs Meet in a Friendly
Match on the Park Courts
King of "the Bundes Shoot
Leads "All Competitors
at the Spring Festival
Well-Known Fast Sloop Is
Bought by Four Members
of the ftoneer Yacht Club
San 3Iateo Lacrosse Team
Completely Outplays the
Visitors From This City
Takes the St. Louis Cham
pion Into Camp in Three
Straight Trials on Field
Oakland Defeats Seattle on
New Grounds, but Victory
Comes to Northerners Later
Frank Skinner and Others
Will Be in the Saddle at
Oakland on Fajbiola Dav
SAPPHO ANCHORS
OFF SAUSALITO
CLEVER RIDERS
TO SPORT SILK
OLYMPICS LOSE
TO TALAGOOS
CRONIN'S HOUN
PROVES CLEVER
HONORS EVEN
FOR THE DAY
LONG OUTPLAYS
HIS OPPONENT
STEADY HAND
HAS STRECKER
GREYHOUND FAIR TRALEE DEFEATS LORD BRAZEN QUITE HANDILY
-...—¦•.¦• • ¦ ¦ _
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -MONDAY. APRIL IS, 1004.
RUN'S AV'LCK WITH KNIFE. — Francis
Hau«ka w»* arr»wted ywt«-<Iay afternoon for
sf:-auit with ¦ d«*adTy <rosr>oti. He ttai been
UriTTrwIth a rarnily at 723 Broadway, and It is
allied that he went home drunk en Saturday
rHcbt and raiwd a row. Mliw C. t^tt* r*
tnon«trat^d with him and it in mid he at
tempted to cut her with a pocket-knife.
The cradle of the late prince imperial
of France has been offered to the Car
navelet museum at Paris.
The monthly boxing exhibition of the Lincoln
Athletic Club will »ke place to-morrow even-
Ing in Mechanics' Pavilion annex. This :»how
was advertised for last Friday night; but.
owfnjr '¦ to a mistake in ¦ the Dermit, . the exhi
bition ' had to be postponed until - to-morrow
evening. Thfc same programme L wlll be carried
out.-, ..... " • i'-:' --•¦•#¦ .:.-.;" -_.i-.;' ¦ .-'¦.
Wanted to Stop the Band.
-.- Michael J. McCarty is a painter and
is a staunch advocate of union labor.
He visited Golden \ Gate Park yester
day afternoon • and f observed that sev
eralDeople in automobiles were listen
ing: to :< the park band. The ¦ automo
bile people have acquired an addition
to : their .business "since the hack {men
went out on a strike and this increased
McCarty's J aversion*, for the -puffing
vehicles. .Accordingly he . made' .his
way through the rear door of the, band
st^nd and called; upon- all of :the.'mu
sicians to come I out on a strike. v No
body seemed to. heed' the bunion: man's
order," vrhereup' r ; ?. he became abusive
and was ' forced out. Later -he; ap
peared in front of the band stand, and
his .conduct was such . that • he , was ar
rested. '
BOY FRACTURES LKG.— Robert Bailey, a
10-year-cld boy residing at 706^ Birch avenue,"
fell from a Hayes-street car yesterday, after
noon and sustained -a fracture of the left 'leg.
He was treated at the Park Emergency, Hospi
tal by Dr.""Brackett, '.tben'sent'to' his home.
Bailey- says 'that one of his companions crowd
ed him off the vehicle. ¦
11
AJVKRTTSF.Tn"ENTS. '
Scenery Unsurpassed Bsi 11 *\ M
Union Pacific M|J II !
1 0UXl3 L \r£Li5 " . jfiiS lU Em! I 11
Clean, Cool, Comfortable P||^ | } t Y^wM
St. Louis, - •- $67.50 ipNjfi HI
Chicago,--- - 72>5 ° Ilf^M^H
_ S. P. Booth, 6cn. Ajt. U. P. R. Kl . - ¦ "^ ' " * "mI
1: Montgomery Street. ¦ >— y6TRUCK WITH BLUNT INSTRUMENT.—
Robert Mlngfaan and John Davis were arrested
••arly yesterday morning by Policemen Evatt
tnd Mlnehan and- booked at the City Prison on
a chair* of attempt to do crest bodily harm.
They are accused of striking Charles Boyie. a
soldier, en the face with a blunt Instrument.
The assault occurred on Montgomery avenue,
between Green and Union streets. Boyle wu
taken to the Harbor Emergency Hospital.
The Rev. E. R. Dille will csliver a
lecture next Tuesday evening:. Illus
trated with stereoptlcon views, on "A
Pilgrimage . to Some American
Shrines." ':. This will be in the assem
bly hall of the Pioneer building and
will be given under the auspices .of
Abraham Lincoln" Council of. the Ju
nior Order of United American Me
chanics. .
To Am. V'Skrines.
\ HONOLULU, April .10.— The prompt action
taken by Pr«e Went Roosevelt In removing
Judec 5 Kalua of the Second Circutf Court - far
Hawaii and appointing , his successor within a
period • or . five dars ha» started . the r sleepy
going people of. this Territory. It was only on
Monday last that word was received here of
Jurtge Kalua's decision to postpone, all cases
on his calendar ttll June « next.
On Tuesday. morning the President had been
informed of these facts by cable, on Wednes
day tJ.e lAttorncy General had been heard
from, asklnc for - further r particulars. • which
were sent to him on Thursday. ' On Friday ¦ the
announcement .wu .made In ; Washington that
Judje. Kalua had been removed, and on Satur
day the name of his successor, ¦ A.. N. Kepolkai,
was sent to the Senate for conHrmatlon.
REMOVAL 'OF JUDGE KALUA
STARTLES THE HAWAIIAXS
To witness the celebration of the com
pletion of the Modesto-Turlock Irriga
tion Systems at Modesto, on April 22 and
23, 1V04. Half-fare round-trip- tickets
will be sold, gDod until Wednesday, April
27. A delightful trip at this time of the
year. • .
TO SUXXY. STANISLAUS
CALL subscribers contemplating- m,
chaare of residence fiurinr the nmmn
monti« can bare their paver lorwarded
by mall to their new address by actlly
insr TEE CALL Bxulsess Office. Thii
paper will also be on sale at all sosuner
resorts and is represented by a local
ajrent in all towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUM3IER- '
Unve You Dined at the Red Lion?
• Table, service and wines defy compe
tition. ' Entrances. Pine st. and through
Mills building;. • . •
HONOLULU, April 10. — Contrary to public
opinion. Governor Carter's Idea of calling the
Hawaiian Legislature Into special session prom
ises to be more successful even than the Gov
ernor himself anticipated. After four days of
work, the two principal bills for salaries and
current expenses have each passed one body
of the Legislature. These two bills slash
about $1,500,000 out of the expenditures -In a
period of twelve months and will, at the end
of the next fixcal year, leave a current debt of
only $550,000 Instead of $1,500,000 as provided
at the laet sesEion of the Legislature.
ture Promises to Result in Great
». Saving of Territory's Funds.
Special Session of Hawaiian Legisla-
GREAT SUCCESS ATTENDS
MOVE' OF GOVERNOR CARTER
Fair' at the' Greek. Church.
The Ladies' Orthodox Endeavor So
ciety of the Greeic Catholic Church,
Powell street between Union and Fil
bert streets, is preparing to hold a
fair and tea at. the church,- beginning
to-morrow afternoon and continuing
daily in the afternoon and evening un
til Saturday. The entertainment will
be opened by. Bishop Innocent. Dur
ing the fair, tea and other refresh
ments will be served daily In Russian
style and the members of the society
will be arrayed in- Russian peasant
garbs and other National costumes of
the Fatherland.. h "¦
BODIES OF HAWAIIAN ,:,;,:
ROYALTY AT .FINAL REST
Old Mausoleum Is Repaired and Re
mains of Former. Sovereigns Are
*' '^Placed In Vault. ¦' '
HONOLULU,. 'April 10. -r-. After 'resting.' for
months In a temporary wooden shed, while tha
o\& mausoleum was being repaired. Mhe re
mnlns of the deceased royalty of the Hawatlans
have ¦ been I moved to . their - final resting place.
The ceremony was performed, at night by the
Hchtff flaring torches, fourteen caskets being
conveyed by stalwart Hawallans to the accom-
Danlmf nt. of weird refrains of the mele s of
an'-\ent Hawaii. On either side of a central
aiMe the fourteen caskets now rest. * At > one
end are the talK tabula and tabu sticks used
at past state funerals. •¦ " ' • ¦
Kirs* to-be removed was the casket ¦ of
Keohokalole, the mother of KAlakaua. to the
eound of a chant ' from the full, strpng throat
of Paloka once the raele slnrer of . Kalakaua's
court Next In order were moved the remains
of Kanaakea and Kamalnaauao; the father and
sl«ter of Kalakaua.- ¦ Next was the caskefcon
taUilng remains : that have always^been sup
posed to b* those of Kam^hameha the Great.
MAN AND TWO GIRLS .• ,\ ,-V
ARE KILLED BY CARS
ALLENTQWN,- Pa., April 17.— ¦
George Clauser, aged 40, Edith. M.'
Metzler, aged and .Stella 'Knaus.
aged .17, ..while walking from church
were ' struck and instantly killed; by .; a
Reading: Railway passenger train near
their home ; near *. Macungle to-day.
They were, walking 'on theltrack.
: Burnett'M . Vanilla Extract . Is i old
by" all the ' best crocera everywhere, try it. •
Mesdames Francis' Carolan,' J. D. Spreekels,
A N. Towne, 1. W. ¦ Hellman. F. T. Hoyt. E.
E* Park Archibald Kalns. A. Che«ebrous;tr.
Mark Gerstle. A. E. Brooke Ridley. M. Meyer
feld Jr C. B. Alexander, J.' H. Hatrh. F. Ai
Robblns', D." H. Whlttlmofe, : Isaac Hecht.'C.
E Stakes. Farrell. W.' Babcock. Carter Pome
roy, Egbert Stone, James R. Tucker.- William
H. Taylor. Mariner Campbell. Henry T~ Scott,
E W. MrKlnntry. Eleanor -Martin. Eugene
Lent. George Plnckard. Edwin Bosqul. Max
Slose, L L. Baker. William Irwln. E. D. Bey
lard, H<>n«c e B. Chase. William I. Tevls,
Joseph: fTobln. Julius Krutschnltt." Shafter
Howard, W. G Kittle. Baroness von Meyernlck
and Miss Frances Sprague.
Among those who are using their
best endeavors to make a financial suc
cess of the affair are to be mentioned:
Opening chorus (fairies); "Sleep Little Ikey.
Sleep" (lullaby 1 ), Mr. Healy; "Summer Girl"
(double sextet). Miss Marshall. Mr. Ro
dolph summer eirla and men; '.'The Robin
and the Maid" (waltz song). Miss Heatn
and chorus; "Serenade,"; Mr. Bogart and
chorus; "Jemima Green" (song), Mrs. ; Young
berg; march, fairies and sailors: "Gallant Boys
In Blue" (song). Mr. Bogart an J chorus: finale.
THE PATROXESSFS.
L G/ Coop. F. H. Wright, C. A. Kelly. R
FrUelle. B. Kautzmann. D. Manfle, Frank
Rodolph. D. Keith. W. B. Collins, A. F. Med
ley J. F. Dwlleavy. H. J. Mee.
Bassos — W C. Shafter, A. W. McGeorge. A.
W. von Benzon. F. E. WHeht. J. E. Strader,
J. William. J. P. Duffy. ;L. Sachs, W. PlnJc
ham. S. Egleson. L. Betraud. E. L,. Brown, J.
McGulre, M Jenkins, W. Harris, H. Hilton.
R E French, E. F. Moore. P. P. Gabbs. O.
H. Gray. Besides are sprites, demons, fairies,
sailors and marines.
The musical programme follows:
Act I— The office and foyer of the iower
regions.
Opening chorus: song (Satin). "Way Down in
the Sunny South" (octette). Mr. Bogart and
chorus; "The Maid From Boston Town"
(trio) Mrs. Youngb«rg. Mr. Sleberst and Mr.
Conners: "My Own," Miss Heath and chorus;
nautical sons'. Mr. de Lasaux and chorus:
duet. Miss Heath and Mr. Bogart; flnale:
gavotte (entre act).
Act II— The tropical Isle of Bliss.
The cast follows:
His Royal Nibs. Satan;- Andrew. Bogart; Pat
rick Clancy, a politician., Charles Conners;
The production of Shafter Howard
and W. H. Clifford's i isical comedy
extravaganza, "His .Royal Nibs," for
the benefit of the California Women's
Hospital at the Alhambra Theater
next "Thursday, and Friday evenings is
promised an encouraging run. The
boxes have all been sold a\ a big
premium and the advance sale of seats
is very large. Society people will be
out in full force. The patronesses of
the institution are using 'very effort
to arouse public interest. The receipts
are to so to the aid of the hospital,
one of the pet institutions of the lead
ing society women.
The rehearsals, which have been in
progress for four weeks, indicate that
"His Royal Nibs" will -make a hit. The
music by Howard is unusually
catchy and the features that have been
introduced are popular. The -cast and
chorus, number more than seventy
people, many of whom are prominent
in the local musical and society' world,
and severa! of the leading roles have
been assigned to experienced actors.
The scenery will be elaborate. The
costumes were designed for the pro
duction. The orchestra will include
twenty" instruments:-"
THESE WILL ACT AND SIXG.
Neldy Green Uoad. a society man,' Dr. W. H.
Slcberat; Isaac Sajman, a theatrical manager,
E. ; P. Healy; Jerry Shrew, a sailor-sclent i>t.
Harry' H. de Lasaux; Hats, tall-bearer of His
Nibs, Arthur L. Forcade: Upsan Downs, an
elevator boy. A. W. von Benzon; Ensign Hen
neiiy. of the U. S. A.. Frank Rodolph; Anna
Holdover, a leading lady. Miss Helen Heath;
Molly Parsnips, chambermaid of . hades. Miss
Olita Lunt Younsberg; Rosebud, a fairy, MUs
Grace B. Marshall; • Bluebell, a fairy, Mlts
Eleanor McLennan.
Summer girls, double sextet — Miss Grace
Marshall, • Miss Eleanor McLennan. Miss Vir
ginia Pierce, Miss Gladys Rolofson, Miss L.
Orr. Mrs. L. A. Taylor, Frank ltodolph. J. P.
DufTy. J. E. Strader, L. G. Coop, A. W. von
Benzon.
. Showpirls — Miss Sue Payette, Miss L. Steln
man. Miss S. Schultz. Miss Grace Marshall,
Miss Eleanor McLennan.
' Sunny South specialty — Miss J. Keith, Miss
Virginia Pierce. Miss- Clara Dillon, Misi L.
Orr. D. Keith, A. W. McGeorge. J. E. Strader,
L. G. Coop.
Sopranos — Miss K. H. Harris, Miss J. Keith.
Miss Hazel Gilbert.' Miss Manda Kern, Miss
Isabelle Forcade. > Mlfs. I. E. Collins. Mis*
Eleanor McLennan, Miss Virginia Pierce, Miss
E Peterson, Miss A. Wllby. Miss Sue Payette,
Miss K. Atchlson. Miss L. Orr, Miss U Rohde.
Miss A. Mayer, "Miss E. Bryan. Miss J. Bryan.
Miss Alice Titus,: Mrs. L. A. Taylor, Mrs.
Coykendlll, • Mrs. Moftat; Mrs. Anna WelU.
Mrs. NeMie Cup:>les.
Altos — Miss Daisy A gar. Miss L. Kelly. Mips
Clara Dillon, Miss G. J. Rolofson. Miss E. S.
Starrett, Miss Lulu Hohde, Miss D.- 'Anderson,
Miss S. Schultz. Miss V. Bates. Miss L.
Bates. Miss Enid Grigs. Miss HeJen Dies, Miss
Irene Lyons. Miss D. Anderson. Miss L. Sher
man, Mrs. J. Witt. ¦ ¦ .
Tenors — Dave Wise, E. Jones.' J. P. Jones,
1TALEXTED YOUNG WOMEN WHO WILI^ BE IN THE CAST THAT WILL, PRE
SENT "HIS ROYAI. NIBS" AT THE ALHAMBRA THEATER FOR THE BENE
FIT OF THE CALIFORNIA WOMEN'S HOSPITAL.
The closing concert of Mme. Schu
mann-Heink drew a large audience to
the Tivoli yesterday afternoon. The
playhouse was filled with as large an
assemblage as is permitted by the fire
ordinance. Mme. Schumann-Helnk has
made a great impression upon the San
Francisco people, who are sorry to see
her leave.
Ethel Levy, the clever singer and
dancer, returned lasf night and every
thing she did was highly appreciated
by those present. They liked her so
much that she was treated to many
calls. The Wilsons and Mademoiselles'
Amorcs and Charlotte, two troups of
acrobatic performers, had new and
novel acts that were well received. The
Mortons were just as popular as ever.
Edmund Day and his company pro
duced their little sketch in good form.
Flo Adler had a few new songs and
the Ellis-Nowlan duo did a very clever
comedy acrobatic act. The' moving
pictures representing the production of
"Faust" was one of the best ever put
on at the popular variety house.
Wilfred Clarke and his company —
Lucille Spinney, Archie GiUes and Theo
Carew, alighted In the midst of the
Orpheum last night with one of those
comedy sketches of the rapid fire va
riety. It is called "No More Trouble,"
and the four people stir up a whole lot
of fun during the half hour the piece
runs. It is one laughable skit after an
other and then the thing ends up sud
denly, so that the crowd does not have
a chance to think about what is com
ing. It was given much applause and
seemed to be one of those pieces that
are manufactured especially for Or
pheum audiences.
"The Greatest Thing In the "World,"
a drama by Harriet Ford and Beatrice
de Mille, was presented last night by
Rose Coghlan and her company at the
California. Concerning itself with a
fascinating mamma, who wades
through four acts of tabulation in a,
highly becoming wardrobe, with
mamma's sOns, and mamma's lovers,
the drama Is of the gloriously uncon
vincing sort. The acting is conspicu
ously In key. Even Rose Coghlan, great
actress as she still is, fails to make
mamma plausible. She wears several
becoming gowns most successfully, de
lights, as usual, with the clearness of
her elocution, but cannot make bricks
out of the very bad straw furnished by
the dramatists. -Her supporting com
pany also carefully abstains from any
thing approaching realism. Fred C.
Houpe, : as the naval qffspring of
mamma, looks as though he were alive
occasionally, «o also Sidney Irving, as
the prodigal son. There is a star dog
possessed by Paula Gloy, who is Madge
Chiselhurst, with possibilities but an
impossible voice, but the rest of the
cast Is stuffed, and badly. "The Great
est Thing in the "World" is anything but
the kind of thing usually done by Miss
Coghlan, and were much better left
undone. ¦ .
Marty O'Neill, a new comedian, made
a hit, and Ben Hassan, also new, did
some clever acrobatic " work. "Hoity-
Toity" is on for the week, and next
week will be the last of the engage
ment.
They're at it again— the folks that
familiarised San Francisco with Web
erfleldlsm and made Fischer's Theater
famous. - V
The entire grroup of favorites — Kolb
and Dill, Barney Bernard, Maude Am
ber, Wirifleld Blake and Hope and Em
erson—appeared at the Grand Opera
house last night and played their for
mer roles in "Hoity-Toity" to an audi
ence whose numerical strength was only
limited by the seating capacity and the
anti-standing-room ordinance. ' Hun
dreds of people that sought admission
were turned away in disappointment.
Those 'that got in participated in the
greatest ovation ever tendered to a
company of entertainers in this city.
They banked the stage with floral trib
utes and they howled themselves
hoarse In greeting at each artist's first
entrance. It was a 'reception tremen
dous and spontaneous.
The spirit of the assemblage In front
seemed to cross the footlights and in
spire the actors to work as they never
before worked to please. Consequently
the performance was great on its mer
its. It would have compelled plaudits
and loud laughter even if there had
been no personal predilection to aid it.
The artistry of the principals was en
hanced in effectiveness* by the. efforts
of a big and well-trained chorus of
pretty girls, an augmented orchestra
under the leadership of Harry James, a
wealth of scenic accessories and the in
troduction of some of the latest song
hits. If the same care is bestowed upon
the company's opening performance in
Australia the antipodes will be theirs.
And it is hinted that even a bigger and
better show is in store for the strange
land where there will be no established
favoritism to help the strangers.
Play in Which She Opens
at the California Proves
Sorry Vehicle for Her Art
EOSE C0GHLAFS TALENT
Former Fisclierites Draw an
Enthusiastic Crowd to
the Grand Opera -House
GRANDLY GREET
OLD FAVORITES
THE -.5 AN, FRANCISCO GALL, MONDAY,- APRIL v;18r 4904.
Musical v Gbmedy ¦ That Is. -to Be Given
by Local' Society Folk for the Benefit
of the^ California Women's Hospital
"HIS ROYAL NIBS" WILL
BE ELABORATELY STAGED
Trapper's Oil co*es rheumatism and neuralgia.
PruttlsU, 60c flask. Richard A Co.. 1CHS Clay.*
. Lor Cabin! "The, bread with a flavor." Ask
your dealer — wholesale — 000 Dolores St. *
It Is estimated that. In all about 720
tons of ore have been used to produce
about one-fifth of an ounce of radium.
12
EDWARD S. SPEAR <& GO
;:.v% • -WV - ;AUCTIONEERS,,
Have; purchased^79 pianos from the surplus. wholesale '.¦ stock": of Koh-
ler & Chase, which .they^ could not accommodate in their,- new, ware-
houses, r They have also secured the remainder of the lease, expiring
on the 30th" of this month, on the premises at 28-30 O'Farrell street,
where the pianos are 'now'on exhibition. : ; '-. ¦ ; . "
These', instruments Fischer,"; Steinway,'; Weber, Steck,
Chickering, Bachmah; Hoffman, Kimball and numerous other makes.
- Also. about*. 20] square pianos 'and organs. , '' ' /Lfc /
SPECIAL ! NOTICE: The pianos will be auctioned at the cash
prices and arrangements" have' been made so that easy payments can
be arranged for those. who" cannot pay cash. _ :
The auction will take place at 28-36^0'FARRELL STREET.
To-Day, Monday ; AprilHBt : ! ; :.'. :^o;;:
. ...... _.;;;;aND... ... ' DA-YS
Tomorrow; Tuesday, April
Commencing each -day; at. 1 1 o'clock a.v mi Catalogues now ready.
EDVSTARDS. SPEAR ®» GO.
AUCTIONEERS,^..; ;-.. ;
28-30 OTARRELL STREET^
New Laces, Ribbons
and uioyes.
TfilSfweek we will show a larrjB {yapietu of
NewGoofls In tlie aloYe three departments.
fNew Laces.
YenlsB, Llerre and Oriental Allover Nets, in white,
cream, AranlGanl clack j cream and -\ black Flfipe and
Venlse Bands and Insertlngsj Lace. Tucklnas, Nain-
sook, Swiss and Cambric, Arioyers and" Flounclngsj
New Veilings and French and Swiss Embroideries.
New Ribbons.
Latest no YeltlBsln Dresden, Plaid, Fancu Persian,
Polka Dot, Ombre, Satin stripe, ; -Brocaded, Warp Print
and Roman Stripe Rlbfcons; also vern best dualities or
Black. Taffeta and Black Satin Taffeta and Satin Llberta
Ribbons; also a most complete stock of all widths In
plain and fanGU Wash : Ribbons. .;
,.•.:;.:, New Gloves.'. . IsR
We hate opened up a new shipment of Gloves, In-
cluding Reunler Suedes, Reunler Fanchon, Reunler
Glace, ladles' and gents' Dent Gloves; also a splendid
assortment of Silk, Lisle and- Mesh Gloves In the cele-
brated Kauser and Fowne's brands., .,,.
; Extras Special :
We will place on special sale this week" 500 dozen
Ladles' Fine Swiss Embroidered Turnover; Collars, tha
newest stules.. These are in about flftu different pat-
terns. The goods were imported to sell for 40c and 5Oo
each. The entire lot will be sold at. — • • • I £? A Each
or $1.80 per dozen. .100=
H^T f~*% *np f"7> Orders by mall receive prompt attention.
1^1 .V—/ 1 HI/ All orders for samples or good's rilled
~~ and shipped same day they are received*
1», 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 FOST STREEX.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _¦ _'.¦_,:__
ITOTTH "RTr* Articles sold at Special Sale pried
' uutv D1U unless ordered toith other goods wOl not
QUALITY STORES be delivered C. O. D.
Quality and Price Sale All the Week
WHY IT PAYS TO TRADE HERE
We don't keep in stock goods we can't safely
recommend — whether we control the brand or not — it
must be first class— Any article bought at these sales
or at any time you are requested to return if riot as
represented— This means MONEY BACK.
Groceries
Macaroni— La Favorita s for 35 Fresh Teas— G B & Co kind 4fl
Spaghetti— Vermicelli— Letters and Oolong— Basket Fired 2 lbs 75
numbers— reg'ly 15c Ib— French paste Japan — English Breakfast— Assam
PimipntnQ MorrnnPS 20 Ceylon— Gunpowder-Family Mixed-
Hmientos morrones w Y Hyson-reg'iy soc ib- *
SEmS^-$ ? £ s d"o7 * 2.10 not incIudin * Bcc brand Ce y lon
Pim-Olas— ou-es stuffed with *»ie«to. Pasha Blend Coffee • 30
io os dot is or dos Excellent after dinner — 2 lbs 55
Reg'ly 36c *3.75 60c J7 black coffee— rcg'ly 35c Ib -
spedal 30c 3.60 50c 6 . . 6 / • ,
SoupS-F^coA.eHcan |^^| te %
Reg'ly ioc-n.15 20c-$2.k 35c-j4 Sliced Pineapple 22#
special 3 for 25c-95 15c- l.*0 25c- 3 H awaiian -extra fancy • S.fiO
CatSUp — TomatO — G B & Co regr'ly 26c— 12.90 aoz— 3 Ib can '
bf 1, i5c-^.65 £& Armour's Sliced Bacon
CaStlle Soap— Italian 50 special 15c- 1.70 25c- 2.8£
Contibrand-reg'.y60cbar French qj. Qil— %=?,?
Baked Beans 5 cans 25 d-t %, doi
Booth's— plain or in tomato doz 55 Reg'ly 35c— $4 65c— $7.50
sauce— regMy 70c dor spedal SOc _ 3 30 55 C _ 6
Patent Barley-Groats 2cans45 Coc f _ Schepp » s ' 25
Robinson'— most reliable 2.60 <-Oa>anUt scnepp s "^
infants food-reg'ly 25c-$2 90 dor Shredded— always fresh— 2 IDS 45
VitOS— Pillsbury 's— reg'ly 20c 15 sweet-never rancid-regMy 30c Ib
Split Peas ' 3 cartons 50 Old Virginia Sweet Pickles
st Vincent n. Y.-yeiiow- 1.70 and relish
green— reg'ly 20c-fi.90 dor Jpt dom dom
Spanish Olives— Paragon 20 RegMy 20c J2.25 3k J4.00
14 ozbottle-reg'ly 25c (2.75 doz 2.40 s P ecial 15c h70 30c 3M
Cheese— Alcalde— 20 Potted Beef— Franco-American
RegMy 25c jar— delicious for Sandwich meat— reg'ly 15 can 10
cheese sandwiches Tomatoes— Solid packed cl « *
Bombay Duck— 1 ib can 40 ntnr ipecW
Bombay Ducks or boneless bom- Qt lightning jars 35c-$4 30c-f 3.2-^
maloes are fried in butter or >¦* *? Vacuum " 25c- 2.75 22$- 2.50
crumbed o^er^tts— relfly 60c— Cream of Wheat-regMy 20c pkg 1 5
$6.75 dor Serve with cream or hot milk
Good fresh groceries add to the enjoyment of
Country Life — take your food supplies with you — Big
catalogue free — estimates furnished.
Crackers-Fresh every day H ««se Furnishings
rrr-ir .p«iai Ice Cream Freezers
Extra Sodas— 3 ib Carton 25c 20 Reg . ly f 2 q i5 ja.35 *$ 4qt
Brandy Snaps-is or u 25c 15 *p«iai 1.75 2.15 2.40
Fig Bars " ) lce Cream Scoops 20
ked Fruit \ ">20c lo O-8-lO-portions-regMy 25c .
Cocoanut Jumble "j • Ice Cream Brick Moulds
Dainty Chips— 2 ib can 35c 30 RegMy eoc 75c 85c
\\i 1 wr t . t ™ special 40c 60c 65c
Water Wafers- jo c 2, , Shavers _ reg . |y 50c . 30
Ph 1 l.pp.ne-Ent;h- I b.»c 60 , ce pjcks _ ||^
Arcnc Wafers «" g ?? Whisk B room-Re g - Iy Me «
Opera " 65c ' 4o 7 inches-brst broom corn
Huntley & Palmer make.
Candy-Chocolates-Bon Bons Riff or Milk Boiler 1.10
Fresh assortment- 35 Agate lron ~ 2 #*-*** l V < 1 - 60
regMy 40c ib 3 jb s $\ Tea and Coffee Strainer 15
French Glace' FruitS 40 Wooden handle-3 in dia.-regMy 20c
RegMy here 50c Ib Gas StOVe— 1 burner 30
Swiss Milk Chocolate -is 15 n re2 ' 1 f y50c T . . WM
Peter's-Croquettes- is 30 GaS St0Ve Tubing— 6 foot 20
Rubber-regMy 35c-5Oc 8 " 35
Toilet Articles Duster— Reg'ly $1.15 90
Turkish Bath Soap £0 f , Ostrich feathers-l 2 inches
Coigate-reg'iy 60c dor Liquor Department
Societe Hygienique Soap 35 Scotch Whisky— D C L 85
RegMy 40c— fi.oO dor 6 cakes $2 Highland Club— regMy $1 bot
Lyon's Tooth Powder n^Whisky-oid stock Bourbon
Nevvbro Herpicide .75 fcsri 115 $6
RegMy S5c special 1.15 13 4.50
471 1 Toilet Water 40 Porter— Vvhite Label $2 i.85
RegMy 50c Ale " " 2.25 2.
French Soap— Roger &Gallet 55 Golden Riesling— White wine
Assorted odors-reg'iy 6x box 3 cakes pts qts j»i
Toilet Arnmonia-RegMysocbot 25 gjgfc »;g 35
V,o.et-«avender 2 for A, p ort _Comme n dador-regMy $2 1.50
LlSterated T00th Powder 20 Superior old Spanish wines-
Best for the teeth— reg'ly 25c bot 25 years in wood
Amer-Picon- African Bitters Gin — Wynand Fockink 1.20
regMy J1.35-for Picon punch _ Bottled in SchiedanwegMy |1.50
teaspoonful Picon— 2 table- 1 li> quart stone jug
S e5h C e n^s nC .n S Sa7 <f "^ 4 °
quin to color-and syphon lltre RegMy pts 50c-f5.50 doz 4.50
water .known the world over bottle "J*Qp^2 Sherrv
Pousse' Cafe'— M B & R-France " qtn d<i,
i Fine old cordUl-regMy |1.50 qt 1 15 ReR'.lv 75c— $7.50 £>.r»0
¦.-¦* * s ° special 50c- 5.S0 1.85
Order your country supplies here
don't run risks — you can depend upon the quality of food — Safe
packing add prompt delivery — of many years experience shipping
Gut of town orders.
Tile Refrigerators
Practical — Ice Saving — Sanitary
Get Catalogue with cuts
Your
opportunity
— China
Crockery
Glassware
Enamel Ward
High Grade
Ornaments
50£OFF
It pays
¦ to trade
'real American Imparting Tea Co
861 Market .10 Grant ave. 1419 I'olk
140 Sixth 1819 Devlsadero 70ft Larkm
475 Halght 3006 Sixteenth £53 Hayes
F2S5 Mission S21 Monte" ave. C2 Market
2C0S FHImor* ?S16 MlMion . 14ff Ninth
Sfifl Thtrri rr.Vi 74th - 4TO ynprth
lfc^s»—ABSs^^isss»
'Small babies quickly grow to
large babies 'when fed on Mel-
lin's Food. ' Mcllin's Food
furnishes material for growth.
A sample of Mellin'a Food costa you nothing
" but the asking. Will you not then ask tot
it for your baby's sake 1 ¦ '
MELLIN'S FOOD CO» BOSTON. MASS.
jggg!^ . LANDSEER'S
The rrcatest reproduction of Jj
the greatest painting of a lion
ever produced; size 43 inches I
by 28 inches. s J
Free to customers. To others Q
ioc. By mail 15c. '
CHAS. LYONS," London .Tailor, J
721 Market. 122 Kearay. }
;4fln^ ; -PQN v t RUIN
EYES.
. Are your^ classes coothlnK and re«tfulT Do
they relieve the strain, blurring and uring of
Oie eye»? If not. use Geo. MayerU's Antiseptlo
I Eyeglass . Wipers. 13c: 2 for 23c, German Ey«-
water makes weak eyes strong, sore eyes well.
Utests tired eyes. By s mall Cc. GEO. MAT-
TERLE.' German Expert* Optician. 1071 MAB-
KET STREET. S. F. . >
IASTHMANOLAI
la til a only'cnra for Nervous and
BroncWal ASTKMCA.^
Tour DniKKlst or at CO* MAIGHT ST«
" .. San Francisco. CaL
¦-¦—¦¦ y
Weekly CaU. $1 per Year