SANt-FRANGISCO/
ST« PETERSBURG, April I3.-~Ruse!a to-day suffered a greater disaster than any A^
Arthur the magnificent battleship Petropavlovsk, bearing the flag of Admiral Makaroffj struck a mine in^ an f
men on board. Among the dead is Vice Admiral Makaroff,, the idol orthe navy K Grand^
death, although he received a serious wound. Estimates of the. numher. of men lost witlv the Petropavloysk vary, the latest fixings it^atabput 8
ADMIRAL MAKAROFF AND 800 MEN SINK WITH BATTLESHIP;
EXPLOSION ON AMERICAN VESSEL KILLS TWENTY-NINE
VOLUME XCV— NO. 136.
Continued on Paje 4, Column • f
Cohtimicd ' on \ Page'* 5, .Column 4.
Cohtinudc* on Pager 2, Column t»
%^\ ST.\ PETERSBURGi, April I4:9^3fficial?a(^c^n^
not clear ; in;trieirdetails,,butenqugh is ga^
lovsk was, returning to, the harbor witH"
f^r'the; Japanese' ships appearexi^wiienVa^dereiic
pj6sioh;t6re:agreat'hole intthe tottom o
after {the explosion that almost the erTtirexrew; was ; 16st.;A That so >f evv ; of ',- those .aboard -were saved
entire: turret, and 'handling crews sur«
vived."-*But$ for . the "prompt . and ef
flcicnt'.action^of; Captain Cowles in
flodding;the'handling-rpom and maga
zine iwlth"; water, one;of the magazines
wo_uld^ have," exploded i and- -the, snip
wduld^Kave ;been ' destroyed-T^HBBsl
'<, Captain"-.' Cowles. completely; , over
come>jby ".the.- disaster, referred "all
newspaper « men * toy Lieutenant '¦ Ham
mer,-",thelordnance officer. The, latter
gave out" a* statement about the * explo
sion " and : its -probable i cause. ~ Accord
ing- to ,him,- about noon, .after the;flrst
pointer ¦¦, of the" after.: twelve-inch . piece
f jf PENSACOKA; -p. Flal.'^April/; 1 3.-^By
v thetekplpsibn iV pf|2000 pounds^ of ;powf a
jaef/ih , the • af terj twe lve»inch an d
the^hVpdling-rodma of ; the v battleship
Missouri^.C^ptain^Winiam'S.^Co^
i'cbmmariding^- twentyrhihej'. menf/were
"ihstantiy/rkilled "and five - Injured,".; of
wh*om*t\vdTwIll^dieV. -...^ ;;_•-' '.'.' :rT ,^-'- lr '"' "'; -I
f^.The/ Missouri •j>was\on ". the -'.target
"range /:withi : ; the «' ler^aj and . BrooJclyn
at'-practice)about^n6on^when'fu charge
of ; potrderv in , the' twelve-inch r lef t-haLnd
gun: ignitedffroniTgases, 'explodedrandr
idropDlngvbelow/jignlted 4 fburi charges
of Jpow"der.? in-, the.'.handllngtroqm.Tand
Uui : ftxnihdftd.t Only * one";-, manliniths
• . . ; _¦¦:..=¦ --:¦ -¦• :¦.,--,¦ . . ,¦,-::., .¦.,¦.,-.-.-....:-•-.-.••-¦'...••..¦.-¦. r .. ¦ -:¦ >.¦ .- s-.:, ...,¦•.. =.'- ...........,:¦¦ .. .:,
RUSSIAN BATTLESHIP. PETROPAVLOVSK ' TURNING': TURTLE 'AFTER .ACCIDENTAL. CONTACT :\VITH: A •" DERELICT' MINE;./
IN THE ROADSTEAD 'AT, PORT ARTHUR NAVALtHERO .WHO LOST. HIS-LIFE INTHB, DISASTER 'AND COUSIN OP '
" THE CZAR. WHO; HAD A REMARKABLE ESCAPE FROM J.DEATUA . . ' -I
Govern^ ( .
NAVAL OFFICERS
LOSE THEIR LIVES
ON THE MISSOURI
The youngest son of Grand Duke
Vladimir, Grand Duke Andrew, hur
ried-to.the Winter Palace, the Admir
alty and- elsewhere, seeking confirma
tion of the news,, which came two
hours later In a" message to the Czar
from ; Rear Admiral Grigorovitch, the
commandant at Port Arthur." 1 A're*
ligious' service was immediately held
at Grand Duke Vladimir's palace, in
which thanks were returned to the Al-
CZAR IS OVERWHEL3IED.
The <!sy has been one of intense ex
citement in SL Petersburg. The first
inklinr of the catastrophe leaked out
on the receipt of a telegTam by Grand
Duke Vladimir from his son, Grand
Duke Boils, announcing .. the loss of
the Petronavlovsk and, the wounding
of Grand Duke yril, who was first "of-
Ecctv Grand Duchess Vladimir was
almost frantic on the receipt of the
telegram. t>eing convinced that the
rnessr.ge was only a precursor of
•worse news, as it was slened by Grand
Duke Boris instead of by the aide to
Grand Duke Cyril, Lieutenant Von
kube.
lieutenant Vonkube had gone down
with the ship. •
Besides, it has just become known
that the battleship Poltava several
veeks ago had a hole rammed in her
by the battleship Sevastopol while the
latter was maneuvering in the harbor
of Port Arthur.
**Be\*erses we can endure," said a
prominent Russian, "but to have the
Petropavlovsk. meet the fate of the
Yenesei and the Boyarin is heart
l-reukizig." • j
ST. PETERSBURG. April IS. — The
ovrful disaster to the battleship Petro
pavlov*k at Port Arthur, v. ith the loss
of almost her entire crew of more than
600 men and the death of Vice Ad
tniral Makaroff, has been a terrible
blow. It would have fallen less heavily
if the ship and the commander in
« hifcf of the fleet had been lost 'n bat
tle, but that it was the result of an
other accident following upon the
heels of a succession of tragedies of
vhich'the Port Arthur fleet has been
the victim has created something like
a consternation.
. The press learns that the location of
six xnines planted by:tbe"Yenesei were
unknown, the charts having ' been lost
when that vessel was blown up. Prob
ably it was one of these mines that the
battleship struck. |P$tfi
Vice Admiral Makaroff s death, i is
really, a greater Ioes than would be "the
destruction of several battleships. p The
pride of the navy was he, and. he: en-
Joyed the confidence; of , the ".Emperor
as well' as of the' officers and. men.
Speaking of his death, officers here re
marked on the strange* fatality that he
STIIAY MIXES .-A MENACE.
What occurred, prior to the; blowing
up of the flagship . was only- vaguely
known, except that Admiral Makaroff,
with his flag flying on the doomed ves
sel., sailed out to. engage . the I enemy
until the latter's " reinforcements ap
peared. : -.:
It is believed possible: that Vice Ad
miral . Togo planned \ an ambuscade ¦ by,
sending in a small squadron -In , the
hope of drawing out the Russian-com
mander to the open and then -cutting
off his escape . • •---..-;...*
mighty fcr. the sparing ot, the, life 'of :
Grand Duke Cyril, but the Emperor
•was so overwhelmed ; with grief at the
death of Vice Admiral Makaroff that
neither he nor the Empress attended
the service. Instead, the Emperor sent
a member of his personal staff to
break the sad news to Vice Admiral
Makaroff 's widow, who. Is living in St.'
Petersburg. —
Meantime the city was filled with the
wildest rumors, but the official dis-^
patches were so meager 'and*/ private
dispatches so conflicting regarding
what had occurred that -the public was
kept in suspense for six hours. Then;
although the report was incomplete,
dispatches were posted - on - the \ Nevsky
Prospect and other war bulletin boards. '
The grief of the crowds, whose worst
fears were thus officially confirmed, :
was touching. The Ministry; of ¦¦ Marine
was soon surrounded; by 'thousands of
persons eagerly asking \ for . more
tails. The crowd of Inquirers were^the
stricken relatives of those who were
on board the lost battleship. „ < -;•
Disaster \ %zm s
Government *ana "People:
•; A^asar^AxfstocVacy.'' 'v^S,.
- Califoxala — «atcTaddea's • Tlatk-T,-
TCautaal^yxn. tn« } Sands •ot.th* ¦
•,~^emy><f. „'.:. Q*~ •'£?£?£
=¦ OIiutikr-TsaliTma r O,s" ,^ "
ColTuabijt"— "3Hm's*Il* * 'Sip**
« lees." t «;>£' ; ;.v : ¦¦' - *• ;.-', /T_ :
«l^schcr*s— *TnsBa«t > »*'r ./
-Or»n4 — "A-DoXl's-JKoTOse. 11 '/
¦ ftryawna^— Tandrgta^r - WwHn—
- - .So-Day.-'.*'- -:•.-.-- '-.j -..!>%?¦. ..
THE -WXATHEB.
Torecast m&dfl at Baa rr&n-,
dsco lor thirty hours ending' at
miOzLlgfct April 14, 1904: ¦ ¦>
San Francisco and vicinity; —
Cloudy Thursday; possibly li^ht
showers In the morning 1 ; fresh
southerly winds, changing 1 to
westerly. A. O. KcADlE,
District Forecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The San Francisco CallThe Teaser was built at Cowes, Isle
of Wight, in 1892. Her measurements
are: Length 200 feet, beam 14 feet,
draught 5.5 feet, displacement 320 tons.
She has an Indicated horsepower- of
4500. She has two torpedo tubes and
her armament consists .of one 12-pound
er and five 6-pounder, quick firing guns.
Lieutenant Ernest' A. Richart (junior
grade), was attached to the' Cleveland
ond it is assumed at the Navy Depart
ment that he was; on : the Missouri at
the time < of the disaster- as an. umpire
during 1 target practice. ; He was > a:na
tive of. Connecticut and was- appointed
to .the -Naval -Academy; from 1 * that: State
September 6," 1896. He served at differ
ent times on the Massachusetts, Marble-
Lieutenant William C. Davidson
a native of Ind'ana and was appointed
a midshipman from South Dakota,
September 28, 1891. He was graduated
from the Naval Academy in 1895 and
assigned to the Olympla. He was pro
moted to ensign July 1, 1897; to" lieu
tenant (Junior grade) July 1, 1900, and
Heutenant June 16, 1902. He was as
signed to the, Missouri when she went
into commission and was serving as a
turret officer at the tlm«> of his death.
His wife, Mrs. Julia Davidson,, resides
at 1003 McCulloch street, Baltimore,
where a telegram was sent from -the
Navy Department, announcing the
death of her husband; -. : Lieutenant
Davidson served on -the Alliance,
Brooklyn. Concord,; -Franklin j and at
the torpedo : station / at Newport ' prior
to his assignment, to the Missouri.
The smokeless powder is put into
the twelve-inch grun in three sections,
each bag or section weighing 120
pounds. Some officers say that the
turrets of the Missouri had no bot
toms and express the opinion that
after this accident the turrets of all
battleships will be equipped with bot
toms for the protection of the men in
the handling-room underneath.
The officers of the Missouri were
especially well known in Washington.
Captain Cowles served as ¦ assistant
chief of the Bureau of Navigation and
most of the officers killed were widely
known here.. Both Midshipman Neu
mann, and Ward are understood' to
have been engaged to be married. It
is said Midshipman Neumann was to
be married to the- sister of Midship
man Ward. The two midshipmen. were
classmates and intimate ' friends.' At
their .request they were * assigned to
the same ship. A telegram received
from Mrs. Gridley, mother of Lieu
tenant Gridley. to-night requested that
the remains of her boy be shipped to
Erie. Pa. .
our anxiety to surpass the world in
the rapidity of big gun fire. I fear we
have permitted our enthusiasm to get
the better of our judgment. It would
seem from . the dispatch that-, not
enough time had been allowed to
elapse between the firings. It is only
recently that we have permitted the
breech to be opened almost the mo
ment the gun was fired, and in so do
ing there is necessarily a risk. Ap
parently all but three men in the
handling-room were killed. How nar
rowly the entire ship escaped destruc
tion outright is realized when it is re
called that near by is the magazine
containing anywhere from 50 to 100
charges."
"The Missouri accident is -too ap
palling to. discuss. But I fear, that en
thusiasm in making world's records
has led us past the danger line. In
It can be stated that officials of the
department for more than a week
past, while rejoicing in the world
breaking, records in target practice on
our warships, have feared Just such
sn accident as. has occurred on the
Missouri. -A -'naval expert to-night
said:
Captain John E. Pillsbury, assistant
chief of the bureau of navigation, re
mained constantly at his desk and with
the other officers of the bureau and a
clerical force started arrangements to
care for the bodies of the officers and
men. Secretary Moody is preparing
a dispatch of sympathy to be sent to
Roar Admiral Barker, commander In
chief of the North Atlantic fleet, re-
Questing him to convey to the com
mander, the officers and men of the
Missouri the profound sympathy of the
department.
With only the brief dispatch " from
Admiral Barker telling how the acci
dent occurred, all the officials of the
department, from Secretary Moody
down, hesitate to attempt an explana
tion of it. The fact, however, that
three rounds had been fired and an
other shell had been sealed and two
sections of powder rammed home when
the explosion occurred In -the opinion
of an official of the department would
lead to an inference that the accident
might have been caused by some pow
der from the previous charges which
remained in the gun when the third
charge was put in. .
WASHINGTON. April 13.— The entire
Navy Department is stunned by the
appalling catastrophe on board the
Missouri. The bureau of navigation has
been active since the first news of the
accident reached here, "shortly after 4
o'clock- Although the commanding of
ficer of the Missouri, Captain W. S.
Cowles, as soon as he arrived at Pen
sacola, sent dispatches to the nearest
of kin of the men killed, the depart
ment Is also sending out these an
nouncements so that there may be no
mistake. .'.. I J-i.:. y;..- ~.'.S\~.i
by the Terrible Disaster.
Navy Department Officials Appalled
• ¦
SORROW IX WASHINGTON
charge of the turret, evidently • had
given some command to the men. as
he was on top of the heap of men, hav
ing- fallen then after he had allowed
them to pass him to get out of the tur
ret. The bodies were hardly recogniz
able, the terrible and quick fire hav
ing burned the clothing from the bodies
of the men, and the flesh hung from
them in shreds. The faces were mutil
ated by the smoke and flames. Only
one man was breathing when the tur
ret crew were taken out, and he died
a moment after he reached the deck. ¦
Former Senator Shcard Dies.
LITTLE FALLS, N. Y., April 13.—
Former State Senator Titus Sheard.
one of the best known manufacturers
in this country, died to-day of heart
disease, aged 63 years.
Well Known Author Dies.
LONDON, April 14. — Julian Stur
giss, the author, died here to-day. He
.wag born in Boston in 184S. "
An attack on Portsmouth harbor had
been arranged for the edification of
Prince Henry of Prussia, who. Is here
on a private visit as the guest of Ad
miral Sir John Fls.her. The Prince and
the admiral were ..watching the' ma
neuvers, when- the.'...Teaser*8 ¦ officers
were dazzled by the ' searchlight* The
vessel crashed at full speed/into the
seawall and grounded.
PORTSMOUTH, England, April 13.—
The British torpedo destroyer Teaser
grounded during the maneuvers here
to-night. All the members or the crew
were saved. It Is feared the vessel will
prove a total wreck.' '. .
War Vessel Teaser Grounds, hut the
Crew Are Saved.
BRITISH/ DESTROYER ASHORE.
Gardner Wilder, a member of one
of the wealthiest families of Honolulu,
died In this city yesterday of pnue
monia after an illness of only a few
days. He arrived from Honolulu on
the steamship Ventura, and was taken
ill on Sunday. Deceased was 45 years
of age, a native of Honolulu, and was
formerly engaged in business in this
city. His brother was the last Consul
General at this port for the old Ha
waiian Government. His widow and
child are In the East, where he ex
pected to Join them soon.
Death . of Gardner Wilder.
SALT LAKE, Utah, April 13.— After
promising the Senate committee that. Is
investigating- the Smoot case that^he
would do all in his power to secure the
attendance of church officials wanted
to testify, President Joseph F. Smith
of the Mormon Church has changed
his tack. An official announcement was
made to-day that Apostles Matthia F.
Cowley and John W. Taylor had in
formed President Smith they did not
care to go, and that he would not urge
them. ¦ ¦.¦ .
Both are accused of taking plural
wives since the manifesto abandoning
polj-gamy. Cowley Is in Alberta, Can
ada, and .Taylor is said to be in Mex
ico, both having fled when they re
ceived word that subpenas would prob
ably be issued for them.
The anouncement of President
Smith's present stand Is made
through an editorial " In the Deseret
News, the official'organ of the church,
and it is understood that President
Smith approved the editorial before it
was, published. Referring to the
promise made to the Senate cbmmit
teeT the News says:
"We are able to state positively that
Special Dispatch to" The Call.
The two men who cannot live are J. T. ,1. Donnelly, ordinary sea
man, and O. B. Moons apprentice (second class). BARKER.
Ordinary Seamen R. Rice, C. H.' Tobin, C. J. Killcn. J. Gedrls, J.
F. Kennedy, J. P. Starr. J. C. Munn, C. H. M. Franks, J. \V. Cole.
Landsmen H. S. Chcrbratlis. E. J. Mulligan, J. M. Roach.
Electrician (second class) T. F. Rowlands.
Gunner*s Mate (second class) A. Smith.
Chief Gun Captain T. E. Belaum.
Private Marine \Y. L. Shlpman.
Apprentices (second class) G. C. Hardy, I*. H. Castler.
Cockswain J. Bloxopolns.
PEN'SACOLA. Fla., April 13. — Five officers and twenty-four men
are dead. Two mor^ cannot lire, result explosion on Missouri.
Three rounds ha?! been tired from after twelTe-Inch jjun and .shell
had been scaled and two sections of powder rammed -home. when
explosion occurred, killing every officer and man In the turret and 'till
bnt three in the handling-room. Commanding ofiiccr has informed
relatives. Xamrs of dead follow:
LIEUTEXAXT W. C. DAVIDSOX.
LIKLTEXAXT (JUXIOR GRADE) E. A. WEICIIERT.
LIEUTENANT OF MARINES J. V. P. GIUDLEY.
3UDSHIPMAX W. E. L. XEUMAXX.
MIDSHIPMAN' THOMAS WARD JR.
1 BOASTWAIN'S MATE (FIRST CLASS) G. K. PETICRSOX.
Seamen \V. J. Bogard, O. X. Sonder. E. R. P. Allison.
ADMIRAL'S REPORT OF /ACCIDENT.
President of Mormon Church
Now Declines to Urge Wit
nesses to Go to Washington
The regular monthly meeting of the
Outdoor Art League took. place on last
Monday afternoon : at 1616 Clay street.
The "league was called upon by; Fred
erick ..] Law • Olmsted of the American
Institute of to aid . in pass
ing the Newlands bill, which was ;crp
ated to prohibit the" erection of build-
Ings" on i. the Mall in City,
and ,; thereby;, preserve the original
plans as laid, out by General Washing
ton and' L'Enf ant. .Letters Iwere writ
ten by .the league to> the .California
delegation^ and^ a circular; letter was
sent to members '.in- Congress., urgipg
them to support -the Newlands :_ bill.
Many f favorable '.responses to these
communications were read, .and it ;is
evident: that : the iAgriculturaV building
wiilnotbe^ placed in the. Mall.' >
' Reports were -made "byjthe Mission
Dolores, planting v and vacant lots com -
mitteea -and ;by, ; the f committee ; on -' un-^
used; poles" and 'overhead; wires. -
Ainew, phase! of » outdoor .art for. dis
cussion 'was Introduced^ in 'the "shape
of\ school '¦ gardens, • a feature of regular
school i.\v6rk /now so .popular- In'vmany
• of r theTEasterri* and; Western- Start es;;v- ¦-
'The "league -took i up Uhe; proposition
of L inviting ;* the: American; ,Park . ¦ and
Outdoor -Art"; Association and the Wo-J'
Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann ,w|ll give
a pretty, informal ' luncheon to six .of
her friends on Saturday afternoon at
the St. Francis. After the luncheon
the ? guests will- be I invited to witness
"McFadden's Flats" at ; the Calif ornta,
two boxes having been secured. Those
who are to, enjoy; Mrs. Mann's hos
pitality are Mrs. • Fred Stolp of Oak
land,. Mrs. William Willis. Mrs. Irving
F. Moulton, Mrs. Jo'seph M.' Masten,
Mrs. A. E. -Buckingham, Miss. Adele
Martel and Mrs. Alex Mergerin.
To-day "El Campanil." the beauti
fur mission bell tower at Mills College,
will be dedicated with elaborate cere
monies. Large numbers of guests, for
mer pupils and graduates of the col
lege will go over on the 12:30 o'clock
boat. ... ¦
The tower was presented to Mills Col
lege by Mr. and Mrs. F. M. Smith, and
the bells, whose sweet tones „ rang out
the fleeting hours at . the Midwinter
Fair have been given by David Hewes.
Strongly suggestive in outline is the
tower to the famous old campanile at
the mission at Pala, bullded a century
ago by Padre, Francisco; Falou, and
on the top; of which a • cactus stands
to-day: a-blooming. ' .v * ;
The college is making elaborate prep
arations f or M the reception to guests
that follows the dedication. i .
. In the * drawing-room, beneath a
roseate bower, the twain were made
one, the solemn ceremony having been
witnessed by relatives and a' few inti
mate friends. Attended solely by the
winsome Miss Mabel Hogg, gowned in
pink chiffon cloth and bearing pink
roses, the bride presented a bewitching
picture in her nuptial robe, of embroid
ered crepe, with exquisite' settings pf
duchesse, and rose point lace.' -From
her pretty head fell a voluminous veil
of tulle and in her arms she bore lilies
of the. valley— sweet symbols of con
stancy'. ? . . .:
The groom was attended by EdAyard
de Laveaga,, a brother. Mr. de Laveaga
is a clever fellow, a University of Cali
fornia graduate and is rated as one of
the wealthiest young men in the city.
The destination of the young people,
who will, leave this morning for their
post-nuptial trip. -is,, of course, a secret
locked deep in their. breasts. On their
return they will reside in this city.
Last night as the town clock tolled
the hour of 9 Miss Florence Callaghan,
fair daughter of Mrs. Daniel Cal
laghan, became the bride of J. Vincent
de Laveaga.; Owing to the deli
cate health of the mother of the
bride the nuptial service was per
formed by his Grace Archbishop Rior
dan at her residence, though it was
much regretted that a wedding at the
high altar of the cathedral was not
possible, .the. solemnity and beauty, of
the service was not perceptibly marred,
for the home was made glad, with the
blossoms of spring, great branches of
budding bloom spreading above and
beyond like the cherry gardens of the
Far East. ; /
UNITED BTATES WAR VESSEL ON WHICH THE EXPLOSION OF A LARGE
GUN KILLED TWENTY-NINE OFFICERS AND MEN. CAPTAIN COWLES
IS THE COMMANDING OFFICER.
SMITH'S PLAN
IS REVERSED
HOME OF BRIDE
THE SCENE OF A
QUIET WEDDING
Brigham H. Roberts has left/ for
Washington in response to a-subpena.
Former Apostle Moses Thatcher has
recovered from his illness and promises
to start before the end of the week-
Apostle John Henry Smith also says
he will go.
he has done much more than that
which was asked of him concerning
them, and that John W. Taylor and
Matthia F. Cowley have each declined
to voluntarily go to Washington In
response to ministerial interference.
They do not propose to have their fam
ily relations proclaimed throughout the
land through their own act, unless un
der compulsion.
"President Smith has not as yet been
able to locate Dr. J. M. Tanner, and is
not under any obligations to procure
witnesses in the case before the com
mittee. The gentlemen named used
their own free agency in this matter,
and it is a mistake to suppose that
President Smith has any power, to.com
pel them to take any other course, al
though he has' urged them to comply
with the requests- for their presence."
had Just reached there when the more
terrible explosion in the handling room
occurred, which burned and strangled
them to death.
Lieutenant Davidson, the officer In
Captain Cowles caught up a dying
bluejacket in his arms and staggered
to the deck with him. The bluejacket,
with two others from the handling
room, had crawlod partly from their
place of duty when they had been
overcome. Before the fumes of the
burring powder had left the turret
officers and men were laying out the
dead and dying men. Three minutes
after the explosion all were on deck,
and the surgeons from the Missouri.
Texas and Brooklyn were attending to
those not dead. The twenty-five men
of the turret were found lying in a
heap. They had started for the exit
when the first explosion occurred, and
In loss than five seconds after the
first explosion two streams of water
were being played in the rooms, and
when volunteers were called for every
man responded, eager to go into the
turret and rescue the crew. Captain
Cowles grave his commands calmly,
and but for his presence of mind and
that of the officers of' the ship the
Missouri would have gone down.
The second explosion occurred near
one of the magazines, and so hot was
the fire that the brass work of the
magazines was me'ted. Smoke and
the fumes of the burned powder made
it almost impossible to enter either the
turret or handling-room, but tjfflcers
and men, with handkerchiefs over
their faces, made efforts to rescue- the
men inside. Leading the rescuing
party was Captain Cowles. The offi
cers endeavored to keep him from go
ing below, as men fell unconscious as
they entered and had to be pulled out
by their comrades: but, unheeding their
advice, the commanding officer rushed
below, followed by Lieutenant Ham
mer, the ordnance officer, and Lieu
tenant Clelland Davis.
CAPTAIN" COWLES A HERO.
above, had ignited. Fire quarters were
sounded, and every man of the crew
responded, and the magazines and
handlmg-rooms were flooded with
water.
The breech was open, and a thud j
pave notice of something unusual. No
other report was made, but flames were
seen to leap from every portion of the
turret. A few seconds later another
explosion, somewhat more fierce, oc
curred. This was in the handling
room, where 1600 pounds of powder,
or four charges, ready to be hoisted
flames ix a Tuitnirr
had fired his string and the second
pointer had iired the third shot of his
string, the charge ignited. The fourth
phot was being loaded and from all
indications the first half of the charge
had been rammed home and the sec
ond section was being rammed home
when gases from the shot previously
fired or oortions of the cloth cover ig
nited tho powder.
Continued 1-Yom I*a;re I. Column 7. J
The following names appear in the
dispatch, but do not correspond .with
the records of the bureau: J. K. t Pe
terson. W.,J. Bogard, H, S. Cherbarth
and B. J.I Mulligan. . Correct names
have been telegraphed for.. ..
The Missouri is the very latest of the
big battleships to go into commission.
The flag was hoisted on her in De
cember last at Norfolk by Captain
Cowles. brother-in-law of President
Roosevelt. She collided with the Illi
nois off Pensacola a few weeks ago,
and has had very little firing with her
big guns; in fact, the nine or ten rounds
which had been fired from each big
gun was in the course of official trials
and she is now going through her first
regular target practice.
Charles Rice, ordinary seaman; residence
Boston; kin, Anita Zellger. stepmother, .'W18
Mfeslon street, San Francisco.
Neston Soder, seaman; residence New York;
kin. Eric Soder. father, Jefla, Sweden.
W. L. Shlpman, private marine; no ! data
at Navy .Department; wounded and not ex
rected to live.
John Thomas Joseph Donnelly, ordinary sea
man; residence Chicago; kin, Patrick H. Don
nelly, father, Chicago.
. Orvel B. Moe. apprentice, wcond class; res
idence Butte, Mont.; kin, A. C. Moe, Butte.
Charles Henry Meyer, ordinary seaman;
residence Oshkosh, Wls. ; kin, Louisa Meyer,
mother, Ochkosh.
August Smith, gunner's mate, second class;
residence New York; claimed to have no rela
tives.
Jersemos Bloxopoulos, coxswain; residence,
Newport News. Va. ; kin, Merl Jersemos Blox
opoulos, wife, Paxo. Greece. ' '¦'
Peter Joseph Braun, chief gun captain; resi
dence New York; kin, Rose Crose, mother,
Cleveland. •
Joseph F. Kennedy, ordinary seaman; resi
dence Waco. Tex.; kin William Kennedy,
father. Povo, Tenn.
John M. Roche, landsman; residence Xew
York; kin Michael Roche, father. County
Kerry, Ireland.
Robert C. Tobln. ordinary seaman; residence
Roscoe. Pa. : kin T. S. Tobin. father. Roscoe.
Kearney J. Klvlen, ordinary seaman; • resi
dence Dallas, - Tex. ; kin Kearney J. Kllvln,
father Dallas. •
Paul R. Oastler^ apprentice, second-class;
residence Hope, Ark. ; kin Thomas W. Oastler,
father, Hope. ' , ¦ .
Frank T. >Rowlan«Jp. electrician. second
class; residency St Louis; kin John Rowlands,
father ClevelAnd. -
J. Carlton Hardy, apprentice, second class;
residence Palmyra. N. Y. ; kin Irving Hardy,
father. Palmyra.
John C. Nunn. ordinary seaman; residence
Bryan. Tex.; kin Thomas C. Nunn, father,
Bryan. •
J3«eph Gedris, ordinary seaman; residence
Grand Rapids, Mich. ; kin George Gedrls,
father. Grand Rapids. :
Ralph H Allison, residence Philadelphia;
kin John Allison. Pleasant Hill,' Mo. .
John W. Cole ordinary seaman: resldenc?
Lacota, Tex. ; kin John W. Cole Sr.. father,
Lacota. * • .
The Navy Department to-night fur
nished the following statement, giving
a more complete list of the dead with
the next of kin of the dead seamen
and nc/n -commissioned officers: -
Harry W. Franks, cockswain; rt-sidence Buf
falo: kin John Franks, father,' Listowcll. Ont.
John Porter Starr ordinary seaman; resi
dence Fairmount. Ind.; kin Caleb S. , Starr,
father. Fairmount. ¦ ' ' ¦ ' !
Midshipman Thomas Ward Jr. was
a son of General Thomas Ward, .who
recently retired, from the active list in
the adjutant general's corps ¦ in the
United States army. He was appointed
to the Naval Academy May 23, 1899,
from New York, in which State he was
born. He completed a four | years'
course at the academy last year and
was assigned in commission to serve
his allotted two years at sea after
graduation.
Midshipman William W. T. Neu
mann entered the academy. at Annap
olis from California September 16, 1899,
and was graduated last year, when he
began a twe years' service at sea. He
was a native of California. His mother
is living at Honolulu. . The young offi
cer was> assigned to the Missouri in
February.
head, Gloucester, Helena and other
vessels. He. returned to the United
States in December last from a tour
in Asiatic waters. He was assigned to
the-Cleveland- March 7.- His father, : J.
F. Richart, is a resident of Danbury,
Conn. . . _ :
Lieutenant Gridley was a son of the
late Captain Gridley, who commanded
the flagship of Dewey's squadron when
he sailed into Manila Bay and fought
the Spanish ships. He was a marine
officer on the Missouri. He was ap
pointed to the Marine Corps March 26,
1900, from Pennsylvania, his nativt
State..
WARSHIP MISSOURI MARROWLY ESCAPES
WHEN POWDER EXPLODES W THE TURRET
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 14/11904;
men's Auxiliary to hold its convention
in'San Francifeco in 1905.
The delegates elected to the biennial
meeting of the General Federation of
Women's Clubs to be held at St. Louis
in May are Mrs. Lovell White and
Mrs. Rose Poultney.
2
ADVEBTISEMEMTa
AUCTION
OF
EDWARD S. SPEAR ©> GO.
AUCTIONEERS,
Have purchased 79 pianos from the surplus wholesale stock of Koh-
ler & Qhase, which they could not accommodate in their new ware-
houses. They. have ; also secured the remainder of. the lease, expiring
on the 30th . of this month, on the premises at 28-30 O'Farrsll street,
where the pianos are now on- exhibition. '
These instruments include Fischer, Steinway, Weber, Steck,
Chickering, Bachman, Hoffman," Kimball and 'numerous other makes.
, Also ; about 20 square pianos and organs.
SPECIAL NOTICE: The pianos will be auctioned at the cash
prices and, afrarigefnents have been made so that easy payments can
be arranged for those, who cannot pay cash;
• The auction will take place. at 88-30 O'FARRELL STREET.
MONDAY, April 18th, :™o
¦ y \.', '-"'¦: #$&&£ ' 'y ' DAYS
TUESDAY^ April 19th. only,
: Commencing each; day at, 11 o'clock a. m. Catalogues now ready.
EDWARD S SPEAR®, CO.
' ; AUCTIONEERS, .'
28-30 6'FARRELL STREET.
DB. SHO OP'S : REMEDIES.
DON'T RISK A PENNY.
GET WELL FIRST. -
.', Sor jo year* I've been* physician! i \}\
, : f r<j»ve treated nearly two million casti! - '.
. Surely you'll admit that such experience mutt have
uurht me some ceruintiev'. \i ' • - . '
And,— all that 1 know of disea»e and cure.— all
that I have proven in be worth knowinf — it condensed
into my six books for the Sick. : -, - ' v
. write for a free copy to-day. > ¦¦."'¦¦ .
'¦ .They tell ol my (rrat discovery that practically all
diseases can be permanently cured throuth the Sympa-
thetic Nerve* <-
Not the nerves we leel with, «e with, hear, with,
but the inside nerves - • : " .
¦ It ts these that' unconnciously cternte the viul
Orjrans.— the Heart, l.iver. Kidneys, Brain, etc.
. J When the inside nrrves ret run down, that Ortran
«hich is weakest in die body loses its |u>wer to act pro-
perly . •-.'..-.: ;.. .-, ¦: -¦ ¦ ¦ ' - .
1 1 then throws u\ work upon the other Orcan*.
;, These Onr*ns_in mrn. become, a fferted •through '
ovei work, xnd so,, scarcely any case is found without '
complications. • ,.
*; I proved it useless to doctor the individual <)r-
Rans themselves wliile the JCerve-power to fully oper-
aie them was lacking. . ; ¦
Sedative* temporarily deadened th« pain,' but.in-
CTeased the distress afterwards. ¦ .'¦ ' -. ' \
,.. Tonics revived the drooping powers, only to insure
relapse *o soon as the stimulu* was withdrawn. - ¦_.
t . Of what use to hourly move ahead the handsel a
watch if it* mainspring be »eriou«ly weakened?
'¦¦ ¦ There is but one sensible thing to do. vit,— stiffen
up the mainspring ¦ ' ¦ "
• -^ That is wh»t my. now famous, preecription— Dr. .
Shoop's Kestorative — does. T - - - - ¦„- ;,'- '"
st- It acts directly upon the Sympathetic Nerve Cen-
ters io si at weam acts in an Engine, s 4 ' - • -¦ .
;V ¦-' It provides, through these inside nerves,. the pow- .
er to- make the weakest otiran do its duty. '¦
'it enables weak organs fo cast off their clogging
waste matter, and to repair their worn tissue. -- -..' '
T- It runs the human mill, at full-car>acity,-«il that : I
mill produces enouch new material to Keep itself run-
ninr without further help. ¦ - .' •• '»¦ . '
if- So »ure ami of this Restorative that I. authorise
certain Drunri.iu everywhere lo supply it on a month s jj
?rial, to practically all who write me for that privilege..' :
To supply it at my expense il it fails to benefit,— at -
your expense if it cures. •¦ .:»--'.'^---^s«-'(M»3?****tewSBSE
J% . The cost is but. #5. 50 for six bottles, including my
professional help dunnc treatment. .- " . • ' ••;' ''- :
i » ¦¦ Could anything better prove my. faith in ; this sy*-J
ttra, than this voluntary te»»?; ' fi.S\i *Mtt*W!^tK* r V^i
. ¦ Could anyone furnish you better grounds for confi-
dence? ; ¦ '¦ . .'•.-•¦- ¦.'-•: !'¦ • < -. .' ' ¦' ¦ , ¦..'.-•¦:•¦
- You should get my book, which tells how to cure
diseases permanently, ;.¦ / " .., . ¦ ,'S*VSgt
¦ ¦¦ ¦ Wnteforii to-<iay,— now,— you can't get »ell too.'
•oon. -¦ ' . .--.;. .--; . ¦_-., ......
1 ',i: , lust SDecify which of th« iix yoo nee<<
Book t on Dy*ne^6la. v . Book 4 for Women. - .'
Book" 2 on the Heart;* TV Book 5 for Men (sealed).
Book 3 on the KldneyB**Book 0 on Rheumatism;:
—Address : Dr. Sboop,- Box ;863O.> Racine ; Wl9.-*'
P.; S."a Simple -cases ofteri-yleld' to one bottle of
ReRtoratlve. All druRglsts carry It. :
But all druffBtgts do not Bupply It on a month's
trial. You must write to me for; that. .
DB. PIESCE'S REMEDIES.
Tlie distracting headaches from
bo many women rufler make life a daily
purgatory. If men suffered vrith head-
ache as women do, business vrould be
clmost zl a sianEtiil. Does not the fact
that men do not suffer from these severe
Lcadaches suggest that there must be a
womanly cause ifor them ?
When the womanly organism i3 dis-,
cased, headache, backache, nervousness
end sleeplessness are consequences which
arc sure to follow.
Dr. Piercers Favorite Prescription cures
hecdaches and other aches and pains by
curing their cav.se. It establishes regu-
larity, dries unhealthy drains, heals in-
flammation and ulceration, and cures
female weakness. It soothes pain and
builds up the nerves. It transforms
week, sickly, nervous invalids into
happy, healthy women. Thousands have
teamed to its marvelous merits.
" I took two bottles of your • Favorite Prescrip-
tion ' and two of the ' Golden Medical Discovery*
and cm feeling welt." write* Mr*. Dan Me-
KetiMC. of Ix>rway Mines. Cape Breton Co..
Nova Scotifl. "1 hod uterine trouble, pain in
the side and headache. After taking roar medi-
cincis I col veil. Vou may publish this or use
it In nnv war vou think br*4. a» I cannot speak
too highly of Dr. Pierce and his nicdiciae8. H
* Favorite Prescription r has the testi-
raony of thousands of women to its com-
plete" cure of womanly diseases. Do not
accept an unknown and unproved sub-
stitute in its place.
Free. Dr. Pierce's Common Sens©
LIcdics.1 Adriser is sent free on receipt
of staraps to pay expense of nlailing only.
Seed twenty-one one-cent stamps for the
the book in' paper covers, or thirty-one
5tan:p5 for the cloth -bound volume.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce. Bufialo, N. Y.
" ADVERTISEMENTS. y_ '-___^^j^~~~^~~*~^^
j^^^^^\; . • " ' J stipated; I
ji;;:p^^P\ Effectually: F For men, women j
i i fi!wi Ges^y5 \ and children; I
ft li^Mj' There is v only \ Acts best, on I
: ]m liiim' one Genuine' § -the kidneys: I,
&t m Syrwpof Figs; A and liver I-
' B^fclil V "to get its. bene- stomach and
jrV llStf field effects bowels; /
'j^Pte^^M Always buy the gemiine— Manufactured by the I-
\0$&$%- ,"V : , /r S*n Fmrvcisco, CeJ. HewYorkJiY 1
¦]M The genome Syrup of Figs is for sale hf all first-class druggists. The M
fe|v. full name of the company — California Fig Syrup Co.— is always «
W printed on the front of every package Price Fifty Cents per bottle. VW. Morgan Shuster. Collector of
Customs in the Philippines, will be
married to Miss Pearl Trigg of Glas
gow, Ky., April 20, and will immediate
ly come to the coast and sail for Ma
rila. ¦ ...;¦
Brigadier General Thomas F. Barr is
in town awaiting the arrival of his
daughter, Mrs. Frank Tompkins, wha
will arrive here on the Sheridan, which
is «Jui* to-morrow morning.
Following the exercises came a lot
of very lively and interesting maneu
vers, the morning's session winding up
with a full review of the cavalry
troops. This will be the last drill in
which Major Bigelow will participate,
as he goes to Ord Barracks early next
wefk.
Captain Cornish, who will take com
mand of the troops, intends to give an
exhibition drill every Wednesday till
further notice. . - .
In the meantime Lieutenant Rubot
tom with half of Troop K made a
quiet entrance through the trees until
he got to McDowell avenue, and then
rushing forward his troops under full
gallop, he dashed along to Robhill
quarry, where he was able to get a
full description of the position of the
defending troop's army.
He at once retraced his steps and
under full gallop, hidden by trees, he
managed to seek the outer gates of the
post without having been even seen,
much less intercepted, and from this
successful detour he was enabled to re
port to the attacking army the exact
position of the defenders. Captain
Nance, however, was worsted in his
meeting with Captain Christian'*
forces. Inasmuch, however, as the po
sition of the enemy had .been gained
by Lieutenant Rubo'ttom, Major Bige
tow decided that the attacking forces
were the victors.
supposed to be garrisoned by Troops
I and L under command of Captain
Christian, while the reconnaissance was
to be made by the brown troops, K and
M, under command of Captain Nance.
Captain Nance entered Broadway en
trance with Troop M and one-half of
K immediately engaged the defending
troops, which were stationed on Pre
sidio Golf Club Heights, in action. The
fight was fast and furious. The at
tacking party, with sabers drawn, ac
companied by shouts and yells, dashed
up the incline and came to a hand and
hand encounter with the defending
forces.
TROOPS U.VDER FULL GALLOP.
Richards had entered the saloon
with a woman and during a dispute
about payment for two bottles of beer
he shot and killed Martini. It is un
derstood a plea of self defense will
be offered.
Judjye and Jury Visit Saloon
The trial of Edward Richards,
charged with the murder of Joseph
Martini on January 6 last, is proceed
ing in Judge Lawlor's court. Yester
day the Judge and jur>% accompanied
by counsel, visited the saloon at 623
Pacific street, where the shooting took
place.
WASHINGTON, April 13.-The res
ignation of Judge Hiram Knowles" as
United States District Judge for Mon
tana has been received by the Presi
dent and accepted. The President has
decided to appoint as Judge Knowles'
successor William H. Hunt, now Gov
ernor of Porto Rico. The appointment,
which will go to the Senate in a few
days, will take effect on the 15th lnst.
Judge Knowlcs Resigns.
San "Francisco Veterinary College.
Next session will begin June 6th. Catalogues
by applying to Dr. E. J. Creely, 510 G. G. ave.*
Detective Cody was detailed on the
case, but failed to find foundation for
such a charge as Price would pre
fer. The murder theory is utterly dis
credited by the police.
Against Price's statement, is a state
ment made by Lloyd to Dr. Kucich. a
surgeon at the Emergency Hospital on
the morning of the accident, a few
hours prior to Lloyd's death. Lloyd
stated at that time to the doctor that
he was sitting on the window sill in
the hall of the building and must have
been in a trance, lost his balance and
fallen headlong to the next building
below.
This remarkable statement was
based merely on conjecture. Price im
plicates a prominent lawyer residing
in the Mission, but has no proof to
back his statement. Price 6ays that
Lloyd told him he expected to have
trouble with the man who had pur
chased a clock from him and refused
to pay for it. The man who purchased
the clock was a business man having
an office in the Donohue building.
Price alleges that Lloyd went to the
sixth floor of the Donohue building on
Sunday night to get a payment on the
clock. He says that Lloyd must have
then got into an altercation with the
man and been thrown from the win
dow.
. James Price, manager of the C. F.
Adams Company of 31 S Mason street,
made the statement to the Coroner
and police yesterday that he believed
John J. Lloyd, the solicitor who fell
from a window in the Donohue build
ing last Sunday night, had been mur
dered.
James Price Makes Remarkable State
ment to Coroner that He Be
lieves IJoyd Was Slain.
GROUNDLESS MURDER SCARE
STARTED BY STORE MANAGER
Jones was Interrupted by Galnea of
Tennessee, who asked if it were not a
fact that ex-Secretary of "War Root
was the attorney for the railroad com
pany to be benefited by the guarantee.
"It did not," replied Jones, "concern
him who was the attorney, but it was
a fact that the Philippine Commission
was being urged to grant railroad
franchises to English and Belgian cap
italists without the guarantee."
At 5:30 p. m. the House adjourned.
¦ VCA SHINGTON, April 13.— The Sen
ate to-day began consideration of the
bill providing for the government of
the Panama canal zone. The greater
part of the day was occupied by Mor
gan in support of amendments offered
by himself. None of them were ac
cepted, and the reading of the bill was
nearly half-completed. ; Morgan at
tacked the new Panama Canal Com
pany and contended that the United
States should proceed to- carry into, ef
fect the provisions of the treaty with
Panama regardless of the demands of
that company. As the reading of the
bill proceeded Morgan suggested vari
ous amendments, but none of them
were accepted.
At 4 o'clock, when the reading of the
bill had been about half completed, it
was laid asidt?. and after passing 219
pension bills the Senate, at 5 p. nx, ad
journed.
Under a special rule the House to
day devoted itself- to the consideration
of a bill amending the law relating to
the Philippine Islands. The provision
in reference to the granting of railroad
franchises and the guaranteeing of 5
per cent on the cash capital actually
invested in such railroads was opposed
by Jones of Virginia, who alleged that
British and Belgian capitalists were
ready to build the roads without such
guarantee.
Jones in opposing certain features of
the bill said that if it was passed as
now drawn it would increase the bond
ed indebtedness of the Philippines by
$6,000,000, making a total of $27,000,000.
He said that as the result of the fall
ing off in the customs receipts of the
islands the people were less able to-day
to incur such indebtedness than they
were a year ago. He denied, as Cooper
claimed, that the only way to secure
prosperity in the Philippines was to
guarantee the interest on capital in
vested in railroads there, and said that
th^e bill was not one prepared by the
committee, but. was the bill of the War
Department sent to Congress to be re
ported.- He would rather, he said. see.
the railroads in the Philippines built
by British than by American capital if
the Filipinos were to guarantee the in
terest. ¦ ?
Attorney PUlslmry Claims'
Client Did Xo Wrong, but
Erred Through Negligence
» -—
The trial of Lieutenant Frederick B.
Niclson, who is charged with dupli
cating his ;>ay accounts, was concluded
yesterday before the court-martial at
the Presidio. The arguments and evi
dence are now before the court, and it
rc&s with that body to hand in its
verdict when it meets again on Friday
jn»rning at 10 o'clock.
The first witness called when the
court convened yesterday at 2 o'clock
¦was Nathan Boas, who testified again
relative to the manner in which he fcd
vanctd money on Lieutenant Neilson's
pay accounts for the month of May,
find how Noilson had assigned the a.c
coubts to him. He also stated tlttit
Nt'ilpuii had given him a note for the
amount of $146 60. which he had prom
ised t<» pay to him or remit to him
tram Manila on or before June 25. 1903.
N*r» money had been forthcoming at
that time from Neilson, so Boas stated
that he had sent the pay account to
the paymaster at Manila some time
etrty in July. The paymaster had re
turned the account, with the statement
"that there must be some mistake in
the matter." In November Neilson's
brother. \V. B. Neilson of Philadelphia,
had remitted the amount of the ac
count to Boas, and that squared the
matter so far as Boas was concerned.
Thr next witness called was William
H. Comcgys. paymaster of the Depart
ment of California, who gave evidence
Jn a general way as to the methods of
doing business in the paymaster's de
partment.
In ih^ meantime answers to the in
terrogatories which had been sent to
W. D. Neilson in Philadelphia were
read. They were simply documents
stating that the letters which Lieuten
p.nt Neilson had written to his brother
on June 11. l?03. while in the Philip
pines, requesting him to pay the
amount due Boas, had never reached
him. The documents farther conveyed
the information that had the letters
reached him he would have paid the
B.CC0U&t at once.
PILLSBUKY IX)R DEFENSE.
H. D. Pillsbury. for the defense,
etatcd that all the trouble was due to
negligence: in fact, he summed up his
line of defense for the accused by stat
ing that the position the accused was
placed in was entirely due to lack of
precaution. He said that the pay ac
cuunt which* was made over to Boas
vas= run. a bor.a fide account. Boas
haa received a note for the amount
of the loan, and he simply held his al
leged pay account over Neilson's head
as a Hub to make him pay the note.
Ncilson, he said, had in no way hy
pothecated the pay account in the
sor.se of the word which was used in
the charge against him. The accused
has already been under arrest thre* 1
ard a half months. He was guilty cf
PO crime and had made no attempt to
defraud the Government. He was sim
r>!y guilty cf bad judgment and a lack
of business methods.
Attorney Pillsbury then referred at
length to the fine character that his
rlicnt had always borne, not only in
the army, but in his previous career.
lip dwelt at great length upon the high
standing of the different officers who
had testiTi^d regarding that character.
He eurr.med up the whole argument
by stating that it was neglect and ac
cident, and he entreated the court to
«-<>nsid<?r the previous fine record of
the accused when they were delivering
sentence.
Captain Clarence E. Dentler. judge
advocate of the court, summed up the
case briefly and concisely. He said in
part:
L.'»utrnant Neilson on April 2S. 1903. assipned
Vie May «c<-ount to J. Boas and promised tf>
jay tfc<? tamr en or before June 25. He <1I<J
rrt <io thl*. but duplicated ht* pay account
nr.fi <Jr*vr the ume for that month in the Phil-
Irpin^s. Accus-ed hivcrelt etateg that he aE-
Ficn«-d fcin pay account and that he also gave
tbc morey- lender a. note to cover the amount.
CLAIM AGAINST USTTED STATES.
Jur.t- 23. 1903. at th* account had not been
*'iuarf<l by Neltson. it became a claim against
th* L'nu'd State*. Boas had waited until
July and then wrote to the paymaster gen
eral in Manila, but was advised that taere
v a mistake. Boar then prc-seed his claim
It i> true the cialm has since been paid by
Neiltm's brother, but that does not alter the
fact that duplicate account* were drawn, and
the accused muft have known that in view oi
these fact!" he would be dishonored ln the
eyet of his brother officer* and the world.
The case was then submitted to the
court, which immediately adjourned to
meet on Friday morning at 10 o'clock,
•when a decision will be handed down.
Lieutenant Neilson is now under ar
rest in the post, his wife and child be
ing with him.
The problem exercise drill of the
Ninth Cavalry on the golf links at the
Presidio yesterday was by far the
mappiest and most realistic exhibi- ;
tion that Major Bigelow and his men ,
have given here. The Presidio wa«
Virginia Congressman Op
poses Bill aiid Sharp Eefer
>ence to Root Is Made
PHILIPPINE RAILROADS
la addition to the above contract repairs,
the regular force employed by the fctate has
bern kept constantly employed in keeping the
wharvosT Eheds. buildings, streets, etc.. in
Pr Tn7 floating Property cf the board.«"£.
'.ne of tuR*. dredcers. scows and piledmers.
had been allowed to go without repair -unit _a
thorough and complete overhauling was im-
Pt The rolling stock of the Belt Railroad also
In the report under the headm*,
"Contracts let for new work April l,
1903. to April, 1904. finished.' seven items
of expenditure amounting to 569.CS3 41
are specified. The extension of Broa.J
way wharf No. 2, costing. JlS.-oO. and
the addition to .little Main-street
wharf, costing J19.S97. are embraced
in the disbursement. Unfinished con
tracts for the same period amount .to
Jl'10.072. Under this heading items o^.
$33 400 for seawall extension and $S3,
873' for freight slip at Central Basin
an» included. Contracts for repairs
finished from April 1. 1903. to April 1.
1904. amount to $33,533 36. Contracts
during the same period for^ repairs
unfinished amount to $26,161 30.
FIGCItES TELL STORY.
In general terms the communication
presents the following data:
Captain TV. H. Marston. chairman Commit
to* on Hartior and Shipping. Chamber o.
Commerce. Ban Francisco, Cal. — Dear Sir:
Knowing and appreciating the great interest
your association takee in everything pertain
ing to th«> manacement. growth and weirare
r.f the barbor of San Francisco. I take pleasure
in transmitting herewith to you for the in
formation ot your association a brief state
ment of the more important acts of this board
during the j.ar ending April 1. l»04. which
prrtod about embraces ttw first jear of m>
term of office as president of the Board of
State Harbor Commissioners.
1 al*o dedre to assure you that I will be glad
ar onv time to receive suggestiens from, or to
confer, on matters to the
jror.t. wifi members or committees from >our
¦ ¦¦fllTtfl Very respectfully.
CBARLKS H. SPEAR. President
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
The Board of State Harbor Com
missioners has transmitted | to the
Chamber of Commerce and Merchants'
Association of San Francisco some in
teresting data relative to the manage
ment of water front affairs. Accom
panying the report is this letter from
Charles H. Spear, president of the
Harbor Commission:
The rule was established to prevent
collisions. It is reported that ferry
boat captains are inclined to ignore
the regulation.
A delegation from the Board of
Trade waited on the commission yes
terday with a view of expediting the
work of building a stairway from the
grand nave to the Board of Trade ex
hibit rooms. It was decided to ad
vertise for bids according to plans pre
pared by Architect Wright and ap
proved by the commission. It is ex
pected that the new stairway will be
finished before the Knights Templar
from the East arrive in San Fran
cisco.
The of $62,616 31 in revenue
from dockage tolls, wharfage and Belt
Railroad is significant. Chief-AVharf
inger R. J. Welch is firm in the en
forcement of rules relating to wharf
age and much of the increase is due
to his diligence. At a meeting of the
Harbor Commissioners yesterday tho
secretary was directed to notify trans
portation companies and other owners
of steam craft that the following rule
of the board must be respected:
"Vessels propelled by steam must not
run inside of a line five hundred feet
distant from and parallel to a line
drawn through the outer ends of the
piers."
thJnrnhf/m L % conf ronted more and more with
increa^nl fr° P rov ' dln B berth room for th»»
™""'^ of shore, coastwise and bay and
business. In this connection it may be
«?fpn d (^, M c: '- nortun « > t"ne to direct your
attention to the proposed bond issue of $2,000,
t 'i, W V U te to the people
nlJ?* general election in Xovember next
This amount will enable the board, to ex-
IV*^,, ¦ Beowal1 rr °m Its present terminus
S,,^ 1 ?^" to conne « with the section
P C m!T* bullt ncrth fron> Channel street, and
to bulid some ten new modern wharves
As the payments for both interest and sink
ing fund of these bonds are to-be met from
the ordinary revenues of the board, their is
suance will not b* a burden In any way to
the people of the State, and should be cham-
F'oned esj^oially by all who are interested
hinni* lmri ™.y e , ment an «l enlargement of the
shipping facilities of the port of San Francisco
BEIU'H JIOOM XEEDED
The chief engineer has been directed to pre
pay plan? and fpeciflcations for four new
Pljw to be built along the line of the seawall
ntJ*T under construction. These wharves will
each be 11H) feet in width by }<0O feet in length,'
and will be the embodiment of all that is best,
most modern and permanent in wharf structure.
The board hopes to e-ee its way clear to
award the contract for one of these piers.
The board has in contemplation the paving
with basalt blocks of that portion of East street
from near North Voint street to the west line
of Fowell street, a distance of about 14DO feet,
the same to be paved for a width of 37 feet.
This is a much-needed Improvement and will
greatly accommodate that rapidly growing
manufacturing nnd warehouse district, and the
con will be about $15,0C0.
In January last the- beard, finding that it
had a large amount of funds available for the
I>a> ment of deferred payment drafts, resolved
t r { ot the Privilege of paying the
*aiae before maturity. Accordingly such drafts
mati^itf- " n M,° f ?77>4:>5 C1 were P^ before
jfim Vl' >ieldlns to the sta t e »n discounts
Bn Vlnrt er Fe , ctic ? " wr of the Political Cede and
*tat? H«L tl £ m ° . whereb y «» Board of
Jhnift.. ? r omi "I«lonere was given au
ifJr * ,i ° amlc " )ale is » revenue for fifteen
aItI^J, n Were out «andln B on April 1. 1-J03.
an ourt 1^" (t ' llls P-wable) to the
\l>ri} i /.u-? 3 -"-^'' *' 2 - Amount issued from
April J. loci. to AprlI j lyo4: (a) Foj .
nations contracted prior to April 1. 1003, $200.-
Anrii : i } £%Z o^Heations contracted from
April 1, 1{«X!. to April 1. 1904 $14,735
ma^r K , a D B 7 nd , lllal of *™ 7 - 7Oi S0 - Amo«fi
I'uk m ' . ? **, ?'"? S >0: a*" 0 ""* discounted, $77.-
Ap 5 ri?Z tO A^.S 7^ 7 7 V balanCe °^ d ii
?n.rr» H r " *S?- d th * rCnt ro " has been
NBm.^-r 5 -?' 11111 94 per month ln April.
I.«n3. to $31.. e« Gi per month In April. 11X>4.
R P w ie n=^ en ", e fr0Hl docka ee tolls, wharfage,
verv ™S an f a " other sou^e« shows a
)«iv. ! i ff -Increase over the previous
t»*lve months, the same being for the year
ending March 31. 19W. ?570.*«3 24. and for
the year ending March 31. 1903, $517,066 03—
an mcreare of $02, (-1(5 31. •
The Belt Railroad, which has been operated
by the State at a loss of some. $10,000 per year,
has boen placed on. a self-sustaining basis by
a slight increase in the charge , for switching
cars.
¦was found to be in urgent need of repair.
These have all been thoroughly repaired, and
lt is hoped will not call for any very large
outlay for a leng time.
HE ASKS FOR CLEMENCY
Fate of Officer Accused of
Duplicating Pay Accounts
Rests AVitli Court-Martial
Alabama Senator Tries to
Amend Panama Waterway
Measure and Meets Failure
Interesting Report to Chamber of Commerce and-Mer
chmts' Association by Charles H. Spear, President of
Harbor Board, Tells of Increased Revenues During Term
NEILSON'S CASE
IS SUBMITTED
MORGAN MAKES
FUTILE SPEECH
HARBOR COMMISSION SHOWS
WORK DONE IN BUSY YEAR
the san Francisco; call^thursday, :april M; 1904.
3
WHY NOT TRY
Highland
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE
Spriogs
YVE OFFER YOTJ THE BEST OF MIXEBA1.
* * waters, accommodations and service. Tabl«
unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, .lighted by
electricity. Buildings newly, painted. All th»
popular I sports and amusements.' Livery,* tele-
phone and postofflce.
Shortest route _ and - cheapest far* to Lak»
County. Moat j centrally situated. Delightful
excursions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now.
Terms reasonable. For booklet, etc.. address
¦ Craig & kerr; v;
Highland Springs. CsJ.
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE ' SEA."
BEN LOMOND-^-Santa Crux County.
REGULAR SEASON.
"Will cpen May ISth under entirely new maa-
agement. Round 'rip tlck«U from San Fran-
cisco $3.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau.
11 Montgomery st.. S. F.. or to WILLIAM U.
DODGE, Lessee. - -'.'¦ . . «^
Napa Soda Springs;
• The famous mountain health and pleasure
resort is now - ot>en for the patronage of - th«
public Address JOHN JACQgS. ;
LOS GATOS.
HOTEL LYNDON— Modern - improvements,
'extensive grounds: I popular amusements; | lawn
tennis, , croquet; climate unsurpassed. Opposite
iepoc • V . J. P. , MOGENSON. Prop.
T^)CEDO HOTEL.;
' Extensively improved since last season.
Opens April i: THOS. L. BELL. Mgr.. Felton.
Cal -Buy ticket* .to -Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
loot of; Market street. Round trip. $3.00. 1 •
FORDFSRESTc^^^^^r!^
round trip $3; enlarged: surrounded by two ro-
mantic trout { streams: - fishing. _ hunting, balh-
ing: a< picturesque; place. Adults $^W> per
week, children half price. ,W. C. FORDE. Eo-
cles. ¦; Cal. : ; . . '. .' ¦ '. ¦ .': \ ' '¦¦'•¦'
nFnr.CHClM Delightfully situated In th»
DLKUoilChH Santa Cru» Redwoods. .Rates
.$7 and $-S per week.. For circulars address G.
F."' BIEDENWEC. R.*D. 121. Santa Cruz. C*L
FURNISHED , ROOMS TO? LET ". »t r Santa
JCrax; near car line.atGarfleldPark.-MRS.
CLARENCE NORRIS.' Colonial Cott««M, hau
¦.Onus. c»U - .•«. - ; . ' : SV:*: 1 '-:
THE GEYSERS
The Most Famoni Sealtb and Pleaiurt
Resort In California. ' ;!'.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged ths
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hammam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting, fishing,
dancing, shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL, AND COTTAGEi. have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable in connection with the hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with the beat the
market affords. Rates. $10, $12. $14 and $18
per week. For further particular! and. booklet
write R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Geysers,
Sonoma County, California. .
VACATION 1904
IS NOW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION. .
"VACATION" is Jssued an-.
..nually by the
California Northwestern R'y
THE PICTURESQUE ROUTE Of CALIFORNIA
- and is the standard publication -
on the Pacific Coast for Informa-
tion regarding
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS;
COUNTRY HOMES; AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AN D SELECT CAMP-
INC SPOTS;
This year's edition. '-"Vacation
1904," contains 'over. 150 ; pages,
beautifully illustrated.^ and is :
: .-.'„¦ complete in its detailed informa-
¦ tion as to location, accommoda-''
. , tions.-V attractions, etc., with =
terms from $7.00 .per week, up. '„-'"¦
To b« had at Ticket Offices," 630 Market
Street ; (Chronicle" Building),' and Tiburon Ferry,
foot of Market ¦, Street; . General Office.': Mutual
Life Building, corner of Sansome and California'
Streets, .San' Francisco. {'
Applications by Mail Will Betoeiv* Im-
.' '*. . mediate Be«pon«e.
. H. C- WHITING, Gen'l Hanager. .
¦ ._ R.-X.- RYAN/Gen'! Pas^r'Agentt--;
I BARTLETT I
FISlIING^=mJNTING
The Fishing at fiartlett Promises to Be
Unusually Good This Season,
As the trout planted ln the neax-by streams
during the past years have attained their
growth.
If you are a sport come to Bartlett and
enjoy yourself.
The services of Guide Crabtree, -who con-
ducted I th« successful bear hunts . of last
year, with the best bear dogs on the coast,
can be obtained by those who desire to
, hunt bear. f
RATES $12 to $17.50 per week
'••v Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bartlett Springs,
Cal.. or call at 2 Sutter Street, Ban Fran-
cisco.
HOT SPRINGS, SONOMA
QIAAf^i^Q COUNTY; only 4%. hours
|3 #1 ri (/wV from San -, Francisco ¦'- and
f ' /.but 9 miles i staging; , wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
not mineral water bath in State; boating and
swimming in Warm Springs Creek;, good trout
streams- telephone, telegraph, daily mail, ex-
oreas and San Francisco morning and evening
parer»- P FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both morning and afternoon states;
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tiburon ferry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p./in.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprecedented. Information at Peck'a In-
formation Bureau. 11 Montgomery St.. or. of
J. F. : MULGREW, fikaggs, Cal.
VACATION ,
The hotel under canvas ~ on the Rus-
sian River, .near Guerneville, will open
May l: - : MRS. L.: C. CNOPIUS. :;
OwnSniier Hoic Meeker
'Pure- water, ,' equable ¦ climate, 'lots "Belling: $10
up; cottages ,built --by; Meeker;? $50; up; ; ; depot;
stores; ? restaurant; c hotel; ; post- and ; express;
telephone;, sawmill;, 900 lots sold: 300 cottages
built."-" • Sausallto - ferry. : N.--J S; ; R. ¦ R. '¦.-.. M. C
MEEKER, jCanip Meeker. ; Sonoma; County.
HOWELL MT^ WOODWORTB'Sf {^Si?
No ' fog.*^ Purest spring : wajpr. ¦ Climate .' natural
tonic' and | Invigorator. I Residence ¦ 29 > years.* $7
per: week. • Wood worth ' & M uller. St. Helena. Cal. '
ROCKY Falls Farm,*4 miles from ' Santa' Crua,
in mts. G.M.Shipjpey.Ul R.F.D.,Snta Crux.'
• ADVEBTISEMENTS. .
ft% H A I £% rt ft O If f" &l ft tt £% H \i (^ "I can conscientiously recommend
I 111 Hi H K II \ if I" ftl 11 H \H f \l y° ur Peruna as a fine tonic and all
IB H iff O SB UU ¦ L ll U ll 3Jf MX I lj 1 around good medicine to those who
¦ , ..¦;,' ' , , - v ";* are in need of a catarrh remedy, ft
~~ ~ — ; — ¦ has been commended to me by people
U n .;; 1 pi 11 , r\ ¦-'-¦• t r\ • u w^o have used it, as a remedy par-
Pe-ru-na Is an Excellent Spring Catarrh '^iaHye« ectin in th0 can „, ca .
1 ~ tarrh. For those who need a good
¦ Remedy— I am as Well as Ever." ; ¦%Y£-- d H.Tw™ ° f " mhwg
• "*'* 1 a^6. It cures j&^S£SS9B<&Qr^^
H0\. DAM. A. CROSVENOR, OF THE FAMOUS OHIO FAMILY. (when all other -^^s^^S^V^
Hon. -Dan A. Grosvenor, Deputy Auditor for the War Department, in a letter ca^helfrtifv'rp*. 1 r s 9 - E' 1 "" Flemfngr.
written from Washington. D. C. says: V • , . omm?nd %™°» I Mmnea^lH, Minn.
"A/low me to express my gratitude to voufor the benefit derived "xenfing^" 11 ™™W-x™- Eiper
from one bottle of Peruna. One week has brought wonderful changes, and Treat Catarrh In Spring
i / am now as well as ever. Besides-being one of the very best spring tonics The spring is the time to treat ca-
it is an excellent catarrh remedy."— DAN. A. GROSVENOR. tarrh. Cold, wet winter weather often
In a recent letter he savs- - * retards a cure of cattrrh. If a course of
in a recent letter he sajs. Peruna is taken during the early spring
"/ consider Peruna really more meritorious than I did when I wrote Sanenl th Th«re%S 1 bJ e nS7a?iu t res l ff I p^
you last. I receive numerous letters from acquaintances all. over the runa is taken intelligently during the fa-
country asking me if my certificate is genuine. I invariably answer, yes." vo A a s b a w*cmi r b°raterrh S reniedy Peruna
— DAN. A. GROSVENOR. '. \ ; eradicates catarrh from the system
V rtfc7 - wherever it may be located. It cures
A County Commissioner's Letter. go|pword for the tonic that brought me catarrh of the stomach or bowels with
tt tv. „„,„•„ /-.„„»,*,, ri««,^,i. immediate relief. Peruna cured me of a the same certainty as catarrh of the
Hon. John Williams, County Commis- bad case of catarrh and t know lt wlll head.
sioner. of 51 < \vest aecpnd street, Du- cure' any - other sufferer from that dls- ¦ If you do not receive* prompt and satls-
luth. Minn.; says the following in regard case." — John Williams. ' factory results from the use of Peruna.
to Peruna: . \ Congressman's Letter 7 T }, te ? l Oncc to , Dr - Hartman. giving a
"As a remedy' for catarrh I can cheer- mnsressmdn 5 L euer. fuH statement of your case, and he will
# 11 !I llvll, i i »w Hon - H - w - O&<ien, Congressman from be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
fully recommend Peruna. I know what Louisiana, in a letter written at Wash- vice gratis.
it is to suffer from that terrible disease ingrton, D. C. says the following of Pe- Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
and I feel that it is my duty to speak a runa, the national catarrh remedy: Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, Ohio.
s '
AD7EBIISEMENT3*
/
TEL. SOUTH MOe 2
Three-Day Specials 1
GROCERIES. LIQUORS: i^
JAVA and MOCHA COFFEE, , BOOBO'B TOM QIV' ROe if
lb - '!:•;• •.•» V, Boord & Son, 'London.'- Res ' ji 00 B <\
Our very best. Straight blend. w MM ajtcs \WHXS-- 1
TJNCOLORED JAPAN TEA, KEY, bottle .... ...:..... .$1.15 ¦
lb *. .. 35c Reg. $1.50. Good, 'reliable Bour- ¦
Fancy Spider Leg. , c New crop. bon. '¦' B
Fragrant and delicious. Reg. 50c. OU) CSOW WHISKEY, qt. ' • ¦
SUGAE COBir, can lOo w" \° rVtn'»'<,"x' rA -J ' *AJ ; " 95 ° I
. "Queen of the West" brand. ,„* ' G M n l s & C«- .*• Old, ma- ,1
Reg. 15c. tured. High proof. Reg. $1.25. B
SOLID PACK TOMATOES, 3 ™g£AMSV SCOTCH WHIS- |
cans ....... ............ 25o The old Dufftown "Distillery i 1
3-lb specials. Whole tomatoes. Rep. $1.25. • , " - y :>: W
Solid packed. EXTB& ZIITPAjniEli, gal. ¦
GOLD DUST, large pkg 15c T y •• •• • • •• V- . . .. . ... . :. . . . . 400 ffl
Fairbanks' washing powder. Went type claret wine. Reg. 75c. H
Reg. 20c. CYBUS NOBX.E WHISKEY, g
EASTEEK HAMS, lh 12c Spring "lSJM." '"' V "" 75 ° 3
Kxtra select. Sugar cured. All BURKE'S IRISH 3-STAB <w« H
sizes. Medium fat. . Reg. $1.10. ;...»uo g
' FBESH BAVCH EGGS, doz. ...20c ' n^O CHXAMTTI, qts . . . . . ;-, ; 45,, B
Strictly fresh. Large, selected X»if— c#; u
white. Thursday. °"> PBTVATE STOCK POBT 1
WINE, gallon : . . . .-. . . . ; si 00 I
MALTED BREAKFAST Re>f. $1.50. Finest wine made in ' ¦
rOOD,. package 5c California. Perfect; for medic ¦
Perfect food for body and brain. .inal use. "Aged in wood for* 8 * B
Rich in malt, gluten and phos- years. Medium sweet. I
phatcs. Reg. 15c. SILVEB CRESCENT WHIS- I
SK c^g E p b kg w =^... B1 ?:ioc I
Staff of life. Re*. 15c. hSJ HTE S'" : I
PANCY CREAMERY BUT- bottle V. ... ... ... . . . . .^ T $i.00 I
TEB, souare .............. 29c American gentlemen's whiskev I '
Your selection- from the best Regi $1.25. ,,-•.' . ! H
creameries in the State. Fresh POBT and SHEBBY WINE m
and sweet. gallon ............... ' 45o ¦
200 &ble S w?nl a ?! ?5 < ; .^ de -'"«ood U
Genuine- Kastern.i \ M e d i u m ..Genuine.'- Bourbon* or "RveB
strong. Reg. 20c. ¦ Reg. 50c." ; . '^ '¦¦
WE PREPAY FREIGHT ON COUNTRY ORDERS. ' ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If ROY LITTLE
CIGARS
A SHORT SMOKE THAT HA5
CHARACTER AND INDIVIDUALITY.
Packets of ten
URGE SIZE^^^v
' \i^"^ MA/lfD P3SYPA/0 '
lMG£5/Z£ 75*
LMillers5on5. 153 Crosby 5t NY.
This is a better co'untry ,to
live-in, because Schilling's Best
( Vour grocer i # b>— <ytofc . § ,APPRAISER MeCt.ELL.AND DOMINO.—
Charles P. McClelland of .. the United States
Board - of General Appraisers 1b expected .to
arrive on Friday. April" 29, for the .purpose -of
hearing arguments and passlnc upon petitions
for, reappralsemenls. . \Ha will .meet -the.'In
terested, parties at 7:30 a. m. . In- the:'Ap
pralser'a office. • -
News Grieves German Kaiser.
SYRACUSE. Sicily, April 13.—Em
peror William, who is here on the Ger
man imperial yacht Hohenzollern, has
sent a personal telegram to the Czar
expressing his grief over the catastro
phe to the battleship Petropavlovsk at
Port Arthur and. his sorrow at the
death of Vice Admiral Makaroff.
Diamonds have been found recently
near Pretoria, but it Is considered
doubtful whether It would pay to open
mines.
Japanese Destroy Russian Church.
VLADIVOSTOK, April .13.— News
has been received here that the Jap
anese recently 'destroyed the orthodox
Russian-' church in Yokohama. It
aroused indignation, but there, has, not
been the .slightest- attempt- to .disturb
the Japanese temple here. A school
of whales was sighted near Askold Isl
and," off this port.' . to-day. At first
they were taken to; be a Japanese tor
wedo-boat flotilla- . ".'.* V
ROME, April 13.— The Chefu corres
pondent of the Agenzla Liberia' : tele
graphs: "This morning Admiral Ma
kaMff made a sortie from Port Arthur
with his whole squadron. He was at
tacked by the entire Japanese . fleet,
which was concealed" at -the back of
Mlaotos- islands. On seeing how he
had been trapped. Makaroff attempted
to get back to Port Arthur, but the
Japanese warships, being much speed
ier than the Russians, cut off s Maka
roff's retreat- and he was forced to
fight against enormous odds. -The re-
EUlt of the engagement'was disastrous
to the Russians, , who had all; their
chips damaged. . The battleship Pet
ropavlovsk .was' sunk by torpedo
boats .and was struck by no fewer than
five torpedoes and blown up. '
Battleship Said to Have Been Cut Off
and Torpedoed.
SnocUl Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald Copyright. 1!K>4. by the New Torn
Herald Publishing: Company.
PARIS, April 13.— The terrible dis
aster that has visited the Port Arthur
fleet may have grave consequences for
Russia. Admiral Makaroff had raised
the spirits of the sailors, and, although
not in favor of taking the offensive, he
constantly went out to meet the en
emy's fleet and seemed bent upon fall
ing unawares upon the Japanese naval
forces escorting troops, in case a land
ing should be attempted by the Japan
ese on the shores of Liaotung Gulf.
It is allowable to believe that it was
this dangerous prospect which up to
now prevented the Japanese scheme to
land on the northwest or west coast of
the gulf. . } :' ;;•
To-day the Russian squadron at Port
Arthur is diminished by one of its most
formidable* fighting units, and he who
inflamed the Russian tars with thrill
ing enthusiasm is dead. It would seem
that the boldness of the Japanese will
now increase beyond all bounds and
that the disaster of April 13, already
bo" poignant in itself, may have for the
Russian army the same consequences
as the loss of a great naval battle. . ¦
NEW VERSION OF AFFAIR.
and Prestige.
LIKE LOSING GREAT BATTLE.
Irretrievable Loss to Russian Strength
, # , -
Alford W. Cooley, United States
Civil Service Commissioner, accom
panied by Elliott. H. Goodwin, secre
tary of the National Civil Service Re
form League of New York, arrived
from Washington yesterday and he Is
at the Palace. Commissioner Cooley
has been making an extended tour over
the civil service circuits of the West
and has included in his' travels visits
to Denver. Salt Lake and Reno. From
here he will journey southward, stop
ping over in Fresno, Los Angeles and
other important towns in the South
west. The purpose of Mr. Goodwin's
trip to the coast is mainly to organize
civil service reform associations in the
various districts established by the
Federal commission, 'his theory being
that these organizations can aid : . the
local boards of examiners and Impress
on the minds of citizens the need of
better State and municipal regulations
for civil service. As editor of "Good
Government," a New York :: monthly
published by the National Civil Service
Reform League, . Mr. Goodwin ¦ has de
voted much/space .to the need of ; civil
gervlce reforms, and by strong argu
ments he has produced convincing
proof of the fact that civil service has
done much to elevate the standard of
State and municipal . governments by
eliminating the "spoils" system from
politics.
Last evening the distinguished visit
ors were the guests of the Commonr
wealth Club at a dinner given at .the
Palace Hotel, and, Saturday, they .will
be given a luncheon by the members
of the Union League Club. Meantime
they will be the recipients of much!at
tention from private sources,, and be
t\w»n functions Commissioner . Cooley
wiy endeavor to' thoroughly inspect the
affairs of the offlco ¦; of ,.; the United
States civil service, examiners' in' the
Appraisers' building. Yesterday after
noon he visited the Federal .building
snd was Intrcduced to'the various offi
cials and Inspected. the quarters of the
civil ¦ service examiners.' * /
United States Commission
er A. W. Cooley Is Making
Inspection Tour of Cotast
Three times Togo's fighting: squad
ron circled in front of the enemy's po
sition, drawing: a desultory reply and
atrioon the Admiral withdrew his bat
tleships to the southward.
"It was an inspiring spectacle to
see how this magnificent fleet maneu
vered. It was the most powerful in
dividual fleet that ever sailed the
Eastern seas, consisting of forty ves
sels, including the torpedo division.
The battleships went in boldly, while
the less protected* vessels maneuvered
with them, conforming to their evolu
tions at a safer distance. ,
"Although I went closer than ever
before, I saw no sign of the Russian
ships. I could, however, make out the
lighthouse. The Japanese were man
euvering at eighteen knots and appar
ently suffered no damage, while the
! expenditure of ammunition was small.
tn?r. - .- /
"The battleships now hoisted their
fighting flags and steamed In the same
formation, the Mikasa leading and the
new ships bringing up the rear, to
within six miles of Port Arthur's
frowning promontory.
"At 10:20 o'clock the shore batter
ies opened, but the flre was only des
ultory and it seemed as though Vice
Admiral Togo was making a demon
stration rather than a bombardment
"Last night we ran into dirty, rainy
weather. At 4:30 o'clock this morning,
amid the rain squalls, we sighted a
squadron. As the light increased it
proved to be the Japanese fleet of six
battleships, followed by a first-class
cruiser squadron 'of six ships in line,
the third and fourth being the Kasuga
and the Xisshin, which were marking
their first appearance with the fleet.
With the Mikasa leading, the vessels
were shaping their course for Port Ar
thur. Forty mil&s distant from Port
Arthur the battleships drew out at full
speed. The Kasugra and the Nisshin
Joined the battleships, the other cruis
ers remaining behind, the interval be
tween being maintained by the divis
ion of torpedo boat destroyers and a
dispatch boat. '.?.*Y
"As we neared Port Arthur we
found two first-class and four second
class cruisers already there. This
squadron had covered. the torpedo at
tack in the small hours of the morn-
LONDON, April 14.— Reporting from
sea by wireless telegraphy, a corres
pondent of the Times sends the follow
ing account of yesterday's battle: '
Admiral MakarofTs Fleet.
Eye Witness- Describes Attack Upon
FORTY VESSELS UNDER TOGO.
': Count Grabbe, . aide-de-camp to
Grand ' Duke ..Vladimir, will leave ¦': to
morrow.' to ' bring Grand ;{ Duke Cyril
home. - Nothing is known of the char
acter. of the Grand Duke's injuries. .
There is a romantic story connected
with Grand -. Duke Cyril's ,, anxiety to
go, to the front.' ;¦ He; wanted .'to -/win
his'spurs " and • then marry^ a woman
with ; whom ¦ he ./ is ; very * much ; in 3 love.
The match was opposed by his, parents.
It. is an; open j, secret v that \ .the Grand
Duke's lady; love ris'hls cousin,.; the di
vorced ..wife .; of «: the -Grand ";; Duke .of
Hesse,' - and a. » daughter '" pf J the lato
Duke I of ;Saxe-Coburg and ( ;Gotha, who
married a sister ;'of Alexander 'III.; -¦
-Makaroff Is believed to have. been In
the : . conning/ tower. ; when the Petro
pavlovsk . was blown ; up. > Grand Duke
Cyril probably* owes his: life to the ;fact
that he is a flne athlete and a splendid
swimmer. , V
To-night* the grief-stricken . widow,
according to the Russian custom, had
a requiem celebrated at her residence.
She'fhas been much worried over the
health of her. husband, who .suffered
from diabetes, reference to which was
made , in a recent telegram from the
admiral, in which he said he was com
pelled to disobey orders as to, taking
regular sleep. I \. \
'¦¦ The, admiral's death is also mourned
by his daughter Lillie, a beautiful girl
of 19, who was the belle of Kronstadt.
Both mfither and daughter will attend
the requiem service at the Admiralty
church.» •
., The coincidence ; is generally com
mented upon that the Ice breaker Er
mak, one of Vice Admiral Makaroff's
greatest triumphs, to-day steamed ma
jestically up the Neva, naving : cut thfe ¦
ice from Kronstadt, her enormous
black 4 hull dwarfing the warships
moored alongside. ;\ •-
Rear Admiral Rojestvensky is a man
of an utterly different mold from ) Vice
Admiral Makaroff. He is a; very able
sailor and a mam of talent andability,"
but , he ; is not \ so popular' ; with tho
jackies as was the dead commander in
chief.-;*:-.' :;-y ->.;;.- ..¦; ¦ . . ¦'. ;v ; ;..
By Imperial command a requiem
mass will be celebrated at the Ad
miralty church at noon.
MOURNING FOR MAKAROFF.
It is now an open secret that Vice
Admiral Makaroff was not anxious to
resign. his command of Kronstadt to
go to the Far East, this necessitating
his 'leaving his wife Kand - family, but
theEmperor held such a high opinion
of him that he declined to consider
other candidates, although it was
pointed out that Rear Admiral Rojest
vensky, chief of the general staff of
the navy, who has just been appointed
to command the Baltic squadron and
wljo is now destined to succeed Maka
roff,' was anxious to distinguish'him
self, as were other *ofncers. The Em
peror In his summons to Vice Admiral
Makaroff said: ' ¦ •'.
"My choice has fallen upon. you and
I will not take a refusal." \
So the admiral went .to the Far East.
The 'Emperor's sorrow is doubly keen
on this account.
should lose his life on the heavily
armored battleship, to which he had a
particular aversion. This morning for
the first time he- raised his flag on a
battleship. ¦ Previously he had gone out
on board the cruiser Novik or . the
cruiser Askold.
BERLIN, April 15. — The loss of the
Russian Battleship Petropavlovsk' at
Port Arthur, and the drowning of Vice
Admiral Makaroff have " created' an
overpowering impression in Germany.
The Vossische Zeitung declares that
the name of Makaroff balanced the
entire army in the minds of Russian
patriots and regards his loss as Irre
parable.
Czar Cannot Replace Makaroff.
The Petropavlovsk, which twice
previously had been reported damaged
in Japanese attacks on Port Arthur,
was a first-class battle ship of 10,960
tons displacement and 14,213 Indicat
ed horsepower. She was 367% feet
long, had 69 feet beam and her ar
mored belt was of about 16 inches of
steel, with ten inches of steel armor
on her turrets. Her armament con
sisted'of .four 12-inch, twelve 6-inch
and thirty-four smaller guns and six
torpedo tubes. The Petropavlovsk
was fully manned with 700. men. She
was built at St. Petersburg' aiTd was
completed in 1898. . •
Petropavlovsk One of the 3Iost Power
ful of Russian Warships.
SUNK BY SUBMARINE BOAT.
LAUNCHED SIX YEARS AGO.
Continued From Pajjc 1, Column 2.
"Rumors that Rear Admiral Prince
Ouktomsky./ 1 was in action against
eighteen Japanese vessels - this after
noon, are still unconfirmed. ":,'
"Grand Duke Cyril telegraphs that
he Is suffering from burns on the neck
and contusions on the knees.
"". .'.'It is certain- that.; only .two minutes
elapsed between the explosion and the
sinking? of the battleship." •
The/St. Petersburg correspondent- of
the-Journar says that Grand Duke
Cyril was on the bridge;of ,the Fetro
pavlovsk "when- the ¦ explosion , occurred
and was thrown into the sea. which led
tojthe saving; or. hkr life. Vice Admiral
Makaroff was in; the cabin j of the bat
tleship .with Rear '"Admiral 1 Molas. ; The
explosion . overturned the ; battleship. '-'
"It is not known whether the catas
trophe was due to a floating mine or to
a Japanese submarine vessel. , The
Japanese certainly witnessed the catas
trophe." 1
The Echo de Paris' St. Petersburg
correspondent says that: the Emperor,
when reading the dispatch from Rear
Admiral Grigorovitch, commanding at
Port Arthur, announcing the loss of
the Petropavlovsk, turned pale. He
was much moved, and did not ' speak
for several minutes. Then he asked a
lady in waiting. to inform the Empress,
who burst into tears.
The Emperor ordered the news made
public immediately and commanded
the commission of censorship to com
municate the dispatch to the news
paper-correspondents. He. next sent
for his confessor to - celebrate a re
quiem. His Majesty said:
"God' has willed that the Yenesei
should perish by touching a mine and
that the Boyarin should be damaged.
Now, Providence, whose designs are
inscrutable, has willed also to deprive
us of the Petropavlovsk and the brave
men aboard her." / .
The Emperor telephoned to the
Grand Duke Vladimir, announcing the
loss of. the ship and also. the fact that'
Grand Duke Cyril's life had been saved,
and then he telephoned to Vice Ad
miral Makaroff's widow, preparing hex
for. the fatal news.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the" Echo de Paris telegraphed the fol
lowing under yesterday's; date: . ;
- "At 3 o'clock to-day the Emperor tel
egraphed to Viceroy Alexieff, urging
him to go '¦ to : Port Arthur immediately
and assume command, of the squadron
pending -the appointment of Vice Ad
miral Makaroff's successor. The Vice
roy leaves to-night. '.
"A . high personage at court has
given the details received by the Em
peror, according to which Vice Ad
miral Makaroff went out on the Pe
tropavlovsk to ascertain the position
of the Japanese fleet. After he had
been out for an hour he saw several
vessels, which retired. Shortly after
ward he perceived the Japanese squad
ron of thirty vessels, and, not being
strong enough to attack, he returned
to Port Arthur. When two miles out
side the entrance an explosion, liter
ally hurled the battleship out of the
water, completely overturning ] her.
Grand Duke Cyril and a couple of score
men alone managed to swim to land.
"Vice, Admiral Makaroff's plan of
campaign was lost with him;
"Grand Duke. Cyril is suffering only
from slight contusions.
PARIS, April 14.— The correspondent
of the Matin at St. Petersburg tele
graphs the following:
One Theory of the Destruction of the
Petroiiavlovsk.
CIVIL SERVICE
CHIEF IS HERE
DISASTER APPALS RUSSIAN PEOPLE
Grand Duke Cyril Vladimirovitch.
who was wounded on board the Petro
pavlovsk, is the eldest son of Grand
Duke Vladimir Alexandrovitch, who
Is an uncle of the Russian Emperor.
He was born at the palace of Tsar-
Koe Selo on September 30, 1876. He
holds military and naval rank and Is a.
chevalier of the order of St. Andrew,
the Black Eagle, etc. He left St. Pe
tersburg in February for the front,
arriving at Mukden on March 15. He
proceeded to Port Arthur, where he
was appointed aid. to Vice Admiral
Makaroff. He was on board the-Rus
sian cruiser Askold when she went
out from Port Arthur on March 22 to
meet the Japanese attack, and he is
reported to have been wounded during
that engagement.
thur on JIarch 22.
Hit During 'Engagement at Port Ar-
CYRIL WOUNDED ONCE BEFORE
SEOUL, Korea, April 13.— The Japa
nese military authorities do not attach
great importance to the fortification by
the Russians of Chlnliangcheng, a
walled town directly across the Yalu
River from Wiju. The town is situated
on a plain, and is commanded by an old
Korean hill fort near Wiju, which is
occupied by Japanese artillery. At low
water it is possible to ford the Yalu,
which flows in many shallow channels.
The Japanese will utilize Koreans
and Chinese in cutting timber from the
concession which was formerly a source
of , dispute between Russia and Japan.
General Haragiichi, commander of
the Japanes forces at Seoul, and suite
were received in audience by the Em
peror of Korea to-day.
tTapnnese Do Not Regard Position
Held by Russians as Tenable.
TOWN EXPOSED TO CANNON.
ROM E. April 13.— King Victor Em
manuel has telegraphed to the Czar
his sorrow at the disaster to the bat
tleship Petropavlovsk at Port Arthur.
The King also has inquired as to the
condition of Grand Duke Cyril.
Italy'*. King Impresses Sorrow-
LONDON, April 13. — The Japanese
legation to-night had no oflieial in
formation In regard to the fighting to
day off Port Arthur. Baron Hayashi,
the Japanese Minister, said Vlce-Ad
mirzl Makaroff's death was an ex
ceedingly dramatic occurrence and he
paid" a tribute to the late admiral as
a great strategist and tactician and
said he would be a great loss to the
Russian navy.
¦?
liayashf'K Tribute to Makarofl".
ST. PETERSBURG, April 13.— An
official telegram received here reports
the appearance of a warship and sev
eral junks, supposed to be Japanese,
in the neighborhood of the estuary of
the Liao River during the night of
April 11. They drew off after the
Russian guns had opened on them at
a range of about 4000 yards. Num
bers of small steamers and barges are
being hastily constructed in Manchu
ria, with the intention of using them
on the Amur. Usari and Sungari
rivers to transport Russian troops and
material after the breaking of the ice.
anese Vessel,
Russian Guns Open lire Upon a Jap-
WARSHIP OFF THE MAO.
The death of Admiral Makaroff is
generally regarded in official circles as
further seriously crippling the Rus
sian naval position.
PARIS, April 13. — The disaster to
the Russian battleships Pwtropavlovsk
and the drowning of Vice Admiral
Makaroff caused consternation in Rus
sian quarters here and made a deep
impression everywhere. The Foreign
Office and the Russian and Japanese
representatives had not received of
ficial advices on the subject up to this
hour, and were dependent upon the
press reports.
The Chefu report that a battle fol
lowed Admiral Makaroff's sortie led at
first to the belief that the Petropav
lovsk was sur.k in an engagement, but
this view of the loss of the battleship
vas changed when later press dis
patches wore received.
Loss of Vice Admiral Makaroff an Ir
rei>arable Disaster.
The wretched condition of Korea s
finances is evidenced by the fact that
the War Office is without funds, and it
has been compelled to order the pre
fects along the routes taken by the
Korean troops on their marches to the
north to victual and supply *the sol
diers without compensation. In spite
of this condition the Minister of Pub
lic Instruction has proposed edu
cational reforms and the re-examina
tion of recent graduates from the im
perial schools. The agitation against
such reforms is of long standing, and
few results from the new proposals
are expected.
RUSSIA FURTHER CRIPPLED
A Japanese rabble which has fol
lowed the army over here has brought
in a quantity of counterfeit bank notes
and Korean nickel coins for circula
tion among the ignorant natives, and
the use of their base money is making
much trouble.
WOES OF THE KOREANS.
Japanese Camp I-\>llo\vers Are Circu
lating Counterfeit Money.
SEOUL, Korea, April 13. — The Jap
anese authorities have established a
censorate over Korean newspapers
which publish the movements of Jap
anese troor>s.
The general opinion is that Maka
roff was an officer of singular ability
as a sailor, being thoroughly scientific
in his methods, of more than usual in
telligence and of physical presence
which gave him a splendid power of
command. In the matter of personal
bravery he had no superior. A
When Admiral Makarbff visitedfhe
United States at the date named he
went to Newport, where he met Ad
miral Taylor and Captain Converse at
the War College and Torpedo School.
Captain Converse says that from first
to last be showed the highest powers
of observation and he criticized intel
ligently every detail of the process of
making smokeless powder for the
navy, which was then being developed
at Newport naval station. At that time
the station was making smokeless
powder in the shape of long strips,
which were arranged like fagots in
the carriage case. This form is now
in use in the Russian and French
navies and there are signs of a dis
position-on the part of the United
States navy to return to its use. It
was abandoned principally because of
the difficulty of drying the strips eo
as to keep them from warping.
Admiral Makaroff inquired how the
strips were dried straight and Captain
Converse told him that this was oc
complished with difficulty by placing
weights upon them while drying.
Makuroff explained that his process
was better. It consisted in forming
the strip with a small hole in one end
and hanging it while drying from one
of many thousands of hooks in a suit
able building. The plan is practiced
to-day.
WASHINGTON, April 13. — The news
of the death of Admiral Makaroff
caused a profound sensation in naval
and military circles here, for he was
probably better known than any other
Russian naval officer. This was be
c.iuse of the fact that he had visited
the United States in 1S96-97 and also
commanded the Russian North Pacific
squadron. w.hich brought him into fre
quent contact with American naval of
ficers in those waters and sometimes
took him into American ports on the
v.est coast.
States Some Years Ago.
Russian Admiral Visited Uie United
AMERICANS KNEW MAKAROFF.
Japanese Is Unknown.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 14.— What
has been the issue of the combat be
tween Rear Admiral Ouktomsky and
the' Japanese fleet, or whether a fight
has actually taken place, is not known
in St. Petersburg: At 2:30 o'clock this
morning the commission of censors ad
journed after announcing that no fur
ther news had been commuicated.
The Official Messenger received a
dispatch at 6:29 o'clock from Prince
Ouktomsky, but whether it was sent
before his departure in pursuit of trie
Japanese fleet or after his return the
editor of that journal does not know.
Despite official and private dis
patches, the belief prevails that many
details of the catastrophe to the Pe
tropavlovsk have been suppressed by
the Admiralty. The reinforcement of
the enemy was the controlling reason
for "Makaroff's return to Port Arthur,
but a factor in this decision also was
undoubtedly the plan of campaign not
to engage a superior force or run the
risk of damage to his ships, but to
wait patiently for the arrival of the
Baltic squadron. . ,
Last night ended the celebrations fol
lowing Easter Sunday, which in past
years has been a time of gayety and
feasting, but the terrible news from
Port Arthur has plunged the city into
the deepest gloom. „„«,!„
The Novosti this morning glowingly
eulogizes Vice Admiral Makaroff, re
calling the vigilance and persistency
with which he patrolled the sea in en
deavoring to induce the Japanese to
engage in combat. The paper says:
"In Russia the news of the untimely
end of the brave commander calls forth
deep grief. The death of the experi
enced, warlike and gifted admiral,,
whose authority was recognized every
where, especially in a land of sailors,
England, is in the highest degree.re
grettable. The bitterness is lightened
enly by the knowledge that the admiral
died at the post of duty and that the
fleet has other gifted officers who will
prolong his grand activity.
"In any case we have got -to reckon
immediately with the consequences of
the catastrophe. Above all, it is ex
pected that the Japanese will hasten
to take advantage of the catastrophe
and renew their attack on Port Ar
thur Now. more than ever, our sail
ors need Vail their self-possession and
manliness in order to repulse the en
emy The Japanese are greatly mis
taken if they think this fatal acci
dent can in the slightest measure
shake the strong and steady deter
mination of Russia to carry on the
war to a glorious end."
Outcome of Ouktomsky's Attack Upon
LATE NEWS WITHHELD.
One rumor is to the effect that Rear
Admiral Molas was among those killed
aboard the Petropavlovsk.
It is rumored at Plymouth that the
Hamburg- American line steamship
Peutschland, which arrived at Cher
bourgh-yesterday from.New'York, has
made her last Atlantic voyage '¦' and
that she will be purchased by Russia.
The editorials also extend sympathy
to the Russian nation in the series of
misfortunes which have pursued the
navy, and comment upon the enormous
advantage this catastrophe gives to
Japan, even if the Russian disaster is
hot worse than reported in the official
dispatches.
No actual news has yet reached Lon
don beyond the Russian official tele
gram, but dispatches from Weihaiwel
induce the confident belief here that a
naval engagement occurred off Port
Arthur of a severe character, and that
later telegrams will show that the Rus
sians suffered a severer loss than is
admitted.
LONDON, April 14.— The late Admiral
Makaroff spoke English fluently and
was well known in Englani, especially
in the Newcastle-on-Tyne district,
where he resided while the Armstrongs
were building his ice breaker, the
Ermak. His courtesy and social quali
ties made him very popular and the
editorials in this morning's newspapers
deplore his loss with genuine sympa
thy,-paying tributes of .admiration to
the way he met a hero's death in
carrying out his own oft-expressed
conviction that "he who wishes to in
sure victory should determine either
to conquor or to die."
In emphasizing the tragedy of ths
admiral's fate it is recalled that the
question of saving lives on warships
that had been torpedoed had been a
matter of profound study with him*
MAKAROFF'S -POPULARITY."
Britons Pay Tribute to the pead Rus-
sian' Admiral.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 13. — Even
if Rear Admiral Prince* .Ouktomsky,
who is now in charge of the fleet at
Port Arthur, is able to go to sea with
four battleships, which it is not cer
tain he can do, Vice JT-dmiral Togo
could bring against him a greatly su
perior force; It is pointed out that all
that the Japanese k admiral need do
now is to be outside Port Arthur, ana
that transports can pass with absolute
impunity.
Amateur strategists work number
less possibilities in the situation re
sulting from the loss of another battle
ship, and admit, as every one does to
night, that the outlook on the sea is
decidedly gloomy for Russia.
The police ordered all restaurants
in'. St Petersburg to be closed at 9
o'clock to-night.
Xo Obstacle Now in the Way of a
Landing of Troops.
TOGO CAX MOVE AT WILL.
TOKIO April 12—An official tele-
E-ram from Wiju says that a company
Russian troons attempted to cross
thefiret stream of the Yalu.Rlver west
of Wi?u this morning and that a com-
pany of Japanese attacked them and
drove them back. Twenty dead Rus-
.,„_ th ~ telecram says, were found
?«»r'tif?fleht Their uniforms showed
fhat they belonged to the Twelfth
Regiment of sharpshooters.
The dispatch adds that small parties
of Russians without uniforms have at
tempted to cross the Yalu^River at
different points between Wiju and
Yongampho and that all were driven
back. _ _ -^ _• Anrlll3-An
bl. PLTERSBURb, April id. ah
official dispatch sent by an aide de
camp of, General Kuropatkin to the
..It was learned to-day that the Cos
sacks who annihilated the fifty Japan
ese at Samalind Island, Yalu River, on
April 8, numbered only thirty-seven.
Emperor, dated April 12, says:
"General Kachtalinsky, commanding
the Russian forces at the Yalu River,
reports that April 11, during an en
gagement of outposts, our losses were
one officer, one sub-officCr and two sol
diers killed and two soldiers wounded."
Russians Leave Thirty Dead on the Field After an Engage-
After the receipt of definite news of
Vice Admiral Makaroff's death the mil
itary censor committee called an ex
traordinary session to pass upon the
trfficial dispatches. A requiem mass for
the repose of the souls of Vice Ad
miral Makaroff and the other officers
and seamen of the Petropavlovsk has
already been announced to take place
in the Admiralty Church to-morrow.
The following official dispatch has
been received here from Rear Admiral
Grigorovitch, the commandant at Port
Arthur, addressed to the Emperor:
•PORT ARTHUR, April 13.— The Pe
tropavlovsk struck a mine, which blew
her up and she turned turtle. Our
squadron was under Golden HilL The
Japanese squadron was approaching.
Vice Admiral Makaroff evidently was
lust. Grand Duke Cyril was saved. He
wag slightly injured. Captain Jack
ovsleff was saved, though severely in
jured, as were five officers and tbirty
two men, all more or less injured.
"The enemy's fleet has disappeared.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 13.— It is
now believed that the mine which sank
the Petropavlovsk had drifted cmt of its
original position. The latest estimate
of the number of men who lost their
lives is 800. .
"According to reports from the
commandant at Port Arthur, the bat
tleships and cruisers went out to meet
the enemy, but owing to the enemy
receiving reinforcements, . making his
total strength thirty vessels, our
squadron returned to /the roadstead,
whereupon the Petropavlovsk touched
a mine, resulting in her destruction.
Grand Duke Cyril, who was on board,
was saved. He was slightly injured.
The whole squadron then re-entered
port. The Japanese are now off Cape
Liaoshan. Xo reports had been re
ceived from the acting commander of
the fleet up to the time this dispatch
was sent."
"MUKDEN. April. 13. — A telegram
has just been received from Lieuten
ant General Stoessel, commander of
the military forces at Port Arthur. I
regret to report to your Majesty that
the Pacific fleet has suffered irrepar
able loss by the death of its brave and
capable commander, who was lost, to
gether with the .Petropavlovsk."
Another dispatch from Viceroy
Alexieff to the Czar says:
Rear Admiral Prince Ouktomsky has
assumed command of the fleet."
The following dispatch to the Czar
has been received from Viceroy Alex
ieff: : ¦-?,<#;?:
Vice Admiral Makaroff inaugurated
his command of the Russian fleet with
a complete change of tactics. When
Vice Admiral Makaroff enjoyed the
reputation throughout the length and
breadth of the Russian empire of be
ing a dashing officer, delighting in bril
liant achievements and bold, aggres
sive action. He was given the sobri
quet of "The Cossack of the Sea," and
when he went to Port Arthur to take
command of the Russian warships in
Far. Eastern waters great confidence
was felt from the fact that the direc
tion of Russian naval operations was
in good hands. The command of the
fleet was given to Vice Admiral Maka
roff when the command of the neld
forces was given to General Kuropat
kin, and both officers were to operate
in harmony with Admiral Alexieff, the
Russian Viceroy in the Far East.
- Vice Admiral Makaroff reached Port
Arthur early in March," and he was at
once heard from. On the morning of
March N ll the,, Russian . torpedo-boat
flotilla ]eft Port Arthur and attacked
the Japanese fleet. One Japanese tor
pedo-boat was resorted to have been
sunk in this engagement, and it is
known that the Russians lost a tor
pedo-boat destroyer, the Stereguscht
chi.
Makaroff originated the idea of con
structing the famous ice-breaking
steamer Ermak, which was built on the
Tyne from his designs.
Since his appointment to the com
mand of the Russian Pacific fleet
Makaroff has shown himself to be a
man of great courage and energy.
Early in March he personally went to
the rescue of a Russian torpedo-boat
destroyer which was hard pressed by
the Japanese, and inspired the naval
forces under his command with a great
deal of enthusiasm. He passed Easter
on board a guardship at the entrance
of Port Arthur, and every night per
sonally supervised the precautionary
measures adopted to prevent the Rus
sians being surprised by the Japanese.
The last engagement previous to the
fight of to-day in which Makaroff took
part occurred on March 27, when he
gallantly repulsed the second attempt
of the Japansse to ."bottle" Port Ar
thur.
Vice Admiral Makaroff was appoint
ed on February 26 last to the command
of the Russian Pacific fleet. He was one
of the heroes of the fighting on the
Danube River during 'the Russo-Turk
ish war. Makaroff and Skrydloff, who
have since many times been honored
by their Government, were at that time
lieutenants in the Russian navy and
volunteered to make a night attack on
a powerful Turkish ironclad. With^a
torpedo-boat they .succeeded in blowing
up the Turkish vessel, and, it was as
serted at the time, thereby made the
first, successful demonstration of tKe
usefulness of torpedo-boats in modern
naval warfare.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 1Z ;~
The definite announcement that Vice
Admiral Makaroff was drowned has
cast a gloom over the entire city. It
is generally believed that he will be
succeeded by Rear Admiral Rojest
vensky, who was slated to command
the Baltic squadron, and that Vice Ad
miral Skrydloff, commander of the
Black Sea, fleet, will be placed in com
mand of the Baltic squadron.
he saw the flight of the Stereguschtchl
he went personally to her rescue and
attempted in a most brilliant manner
to Bave her. .
His direction of the Russian opera
tions on March 11 was.believed to have
rendered the Japanese efforts futile. '
When the news of his successful ex
ploit at Port Arthur, so soon after his
arrival there, was known in St. Peters
burg he became the hero of the hour.
His name was on every tongue in the
Russian capital and he was loudly ac
claimed, and many predictions of bril
liant conduct and successful initiative
were made for him.
Makaroff's ideas -concerning war
ships ran counter to those of many
naval experts. One of his pet aversions
was armor. He was ever outspoken in
hiy criticisms of heavy battleships,
wftlch, he contended, placed too many
eggs in a single basket and he always
showed his partiality for a fleet com
pased of a large number of swift, un
armored cruizers, armed with heavy
guns and attended by an unlimited
number of torpedo boats.
When the Russian Emperor sent
Vice Admiral Makaroff and General
Kuropatkin to the Far East he said
in a telegram to Viceroy Alexieff :
"I have found it expedient to send
to your assistance General Kuropat
kin for the direction of the land forces
with the rights of army commander,
and Vice Admiral Makaroff for jthe di
rection of the sea forces with the
rights of fleet commander. I am con
vinced that the appointment of th*«e
independent, responsible commanders
in chief will enable you as my lieu
tenant to discharge the difficult and
historic task which has fallen to your
lot."'
On March 29 Vice Admiral Makar
off sent the following dispatch to the
War Relief Society at Kronstadt, Rus
sia, from Port Arthur:
"Last night was a very hot one. but
we cannot hope form very quiet time,
either now or in the near future. I
sleep without undressing in order that
I may be ready for any emergency.
Consequently I cannot observe your
medical advice to take care of myself.
Nevertheless, I feel splendidly."
Vice Admiral Makaroff served as
commander of the Port Arthur squad
ron, as well as commander in chief- of
the entire Russian fleet in the Far
East. • ',
Disaster Occurs While Admiral Is
Retiring to the Harbor.
Makaroff s History a Record of Success
Won by Skill and Daring.
OFFICIAL REPORTS TELL
OF BATTLESHIP'S LOSS
"COSSACK OF THE SEA"
IDOL OF RUSSIAN NAVY
FEATURES OF THE DAY.'S NEWS FROM FAR EASTERN WAR
Admiral Makaroff and 800 men lost their lives by the destruction of the battleship Petropavloysk at
Port Arthur yesterday. Grand Duke Cyril was wounded. The (Usastcr was caused by a Russian mine.
The squadron was returning to the harbor after having stolen out to meet a Japanese fleet, whose re
inforcement caused the Russians to retreat; without fighting. The Petropavlovsk . struck; a mine under
Golden Hill and turned turtle. Prince Ouktomsky, acting commander of the Russian squadron after the
disaster, was reported to have engaged the Japanese fleet yesterday afternoon, but no confirmation of Uic
rumor was obtainable. . , . ,¦¦¦*.-.
The Petropavlovsk was the third Russian warship at Port Arthur to be blown up by accidental con
tact with a mine, the two others being the torpedo-boat Yenesei and the cruiser Boyarin. Tire cause , of
Uiese frequent disasters is thus explained: At the" time of the first Japanese attack upon Port Arthur,
before Uie declaration of war. the Russians wenv wholly unprepared and riot even the channel leading to^
the harbor was mined. After that attack the work of mining the harbor was conducted with such haste
that a number of the mines were carelessly placed and afterward shifted their position. One of these was
struck by the Yenesci, which sank with all on board. On the Yenesei were the charts showing the loca- . .,
tion of Uie mines placed by that vessel and the loss of these, together with the death of the officer who had
charge of the work and- whose .knowledge was invaluable, left the situation as dangerous to the Russian
fleet as to that of the enemy. • , ; - i ., : . -^ .
Skirmishes along the Yalu River took place on April 10, 11 and, 12. The Russians lost five killed In
the first two encounters and twenty in the third engagement, which took place west of Wiju.
DEATH OF MAKAROFF A TREMENDOUS BLOW TO RUSSIA
THE^ SAN CALL,. -THURSDAY,? APRIL- 14, ,190-f
;Have you. seen the new.: observatory?" Will
1*11 you about It 'Saturday- *
BARCKLONA, Arin) ;i:i.— Kins -Alfonso left
here v to-day "en ¦• th« * royal : yacht • Glralda -to
visit the fortress ' of MonJImlch. • .•.-.'
TIENTSIN, April 13.— The foreign
and Chinese authorities here say there
is absolutely no foundation for the re
ports which have been received here
from Chefu. whifita predicted a ris-
No Danger of Chinese Risinj-.
- BOY CHARGED .WITH THEFT.— Jacob
Pfl!er, 16 years old. 1 " -was arrested yesterday on
Folsom street,' by > Patrolman J.' J. ; Conlon and
charged with- the. theft ¦ of $100' in.i coin v from
his ; mother, who ; rtstdep . at , 147 ; Silver - street.
None tl the mlsslng.coin'waB found on the lad.
The Hearst . boom*, seems ,. to be . in
trouble at present, and it may be , that
this wonderful man will lose the Demo
cratic nomlnation.'but he can still buy, a
gras , range from San Francisco '. Gas : and
Electric Co.. 4 15 1 Post street. ; • ,
WASHINGTON. April 13.— The
Senate Committee on Foreign R*ela
tions to-day authorized a favorable re
port of the' House joint resolution re
lating- to the exemption of all pri
vate property at sea, not contraband
of war. from capture by belligerent
powers. _ . ,
Kxcmption of Private Property.
4
SCOTT'S TMXTLSLOS.
SEEN ANlf™
UNSEEN
Many people think of
Scott's Emulsion as merely
a flesh builder, but its flesh
building is only an outward
sign of the new life-building
process within the vital
parts of the body.
It builds up the blood
cells, the nerves arid life
tissues before the added
flesh begins to appear.
Its unseen work is more
important than; the seen.
ADVEBTISEKEENT3.
I fafli Glass "Tl 7)PARIS. April 13.— The second case of
the republic of Colombia against the
Panama Canal Company, involving the
former's right to hold, 50,000 shares of
stock, came up before the First Tri
bunal of the Seine to-day and went
over for a fortnight by agreement. Co
lombia has not yet appealed her first
case, and has decided to take full al
lowance for the appeal." She has two
months still remaining.
Panama Canal Will lie
Anru«L
Suit Involving Right to Hold Stock of
COLOMBIA'S CASE WILL
BE DELAYED TWO WEEKS
PHOENIX, April 13. — W. E. Mur
phy, former chief clerk of the office
of surveyor general for Arizona, was
acquitted to-day by a jury after an
all-night deliberation of the charge of
bribery. He was accused of accept
ing money to hasten certain survevs
through his office in advance of the
order of filing by having clerks work
ovs/time, extra pay being made by the
interested parties. The case attracted
wide attention, as it exposed an Irreg
ular practice ln vogue for years.
Arizona .lury Spends a Xljrht in De
liberating Over the Bribery
Charu<*s.
FORMER .CHIEF, CLERK
MURPHY IS ACQUITTED
ROME, April 13.— Dr. Lapponi has
authorized correspondents to deny that
the. Pope is: ill. The ; dc-ctor visited the
Pontiff this, morning. 'as he does sev
eral times each week,, but-he was not
called to attend the ; Pope. _L v
The Pontiff this morning received a
number; of people, including a special
deputation from the British Catholic
Union, headed by. Lord Denbigh, and
in the most > amiable manner
with , members ¦ of i the deputation. ; The
Pontiff was - pleased to hear that .' his
photograph sent '', to King Edward' by
Mgr.,-Stonor.was most appreciated, be
ing put in the royal sitting-room,' where
Lord Denbigh saw- it.; before, leaving
London^- Lord Denbigh; quoted - - the
King as sayings that' he ; liked exceed
ingly? the healthy,? benignant appear
ance of the Pontiff. .
POPE RECEIVES
ENGLISH EARL
Much discussion was given to the
subject of the r>er capita tax. The
lodge agreed to make it uniform, as
Just as much labor was expended on
a certificate of $1000 as on one of J2000.
New lodges wore ordered instituted at
Stanford University and the Univer
sity of California. The afternoon ses
sion v.-as occupied by the report of the
committee on retrenchments, and ac-
Sreclal Dispatch f The Call.
FRESNO. April 13— The Eecond day's
session of the Grand Lodge of the An
cient Order of United Workmen is over
and the delegates are ntrw down to
work. The morning: session opened
with the recommendations of the
finance committee. It proposed the
formation of t-xtension committees in
the various lodges, and also the or
ganization of past grand master as-
Bociations, as much good would come
thorelrom. It also urged upon the sub
ordinate lodges the holding of public
meetings.
Delegates to A. 0. U. W. Con
vention Unanimously De
cide to Meet Every 2 Years
GRAND LODGES
TO BE BIENNIAL
tion on its report was still pending
when adjournment was taken.
The most important resolution adopt
ed by the lodge to-day was the one
making the Grand Lodge sessions bien
nial in the future. It was the pro
nounced sentiment of the lodge. Much
discussion was had on the resolution
to abolish the ofllcial newspaper of the
State, Action was not taken on the
matter to-day.
The Degree of Honor held its first
session of the Grand Lodge to-day. It
was ¦ a very harmonious session and
most of the time was taken up with
reports of committees. The Degree of
Hor.c-r entertained to-night In honor of
the viFiting members.
The A. O. U. W. held a session this
evening, at which the drill teams from
Bakersfield. San Jose and Fresno held
a competitive drill for the 5100 cash
prize offered by the Grand Lodge. The
work was exemplified by the teams in
a very creditable manner. The decision
was deferred till morning.
LONDON, April 13.— The House of
Commons to-day by 270 to 61 votes
adopted a resolution sanctioning the
employment of Indian troops on the
"political mission to Tibet."
Secretary Brodrick in introducing
the resolution read a telegram from
Colonel Younghusband, ,the political
agent at the head of the mission, to
the effect that Colonel Macdonald, in
command: of the escort, reached his
goal, Gyangtse, Tibet, April 11 .with
out the loss of a man. The telegram
added .that the . Tibetans were highly
demoralized and were fleeing from the
Gyangtse Valley, that the Chinese del
egate was . coming in and that- the
Tibetan delegates were on their way to
Gyangtse.
Brodrick proceeded to defend Brit
ish action, saying that while. the Tibet
ans were trying to circumscribe their
relations with India, they simulta
neously -were attempting to open :. up
relations with Russia. The. British
Government ' could not acquiesce . in
any change in the status quo in Tibet
nor countenance an attempt on the
part of any. foreign government to es
tablish a predominant interest there. -'
.The British Government. -declared
Brodrick, had no desire to occupy. the
country or to establish *a permanent
mission in .Tibet, but thev Government
was- absolutely resolved that if any,
power is to be^ predominant', in-; Tibet
it must be Great Britain. >
The ,- ¦' ¦ Liberal? ¦'? leader, Sir Henry
Campbell-Barinerman, - : warmly crit
icized "and ; condemned the mission and
the' "slaughter of the Tibetans," de
claring ! that Brodrick'8 explanation? of
reasons: of • the expedition was wholly,
insufficient. The debate? ended with: a
short speech by -Premier Balfour, de
claring, '.the .mission; had no, ulterior*
objects. ,' ¦\jS ?
DEFENDS ACTS
OF THE BRITISH
Prominent Contractor Dead.
STRONG CITY, Kans., April 13. —
H. E. Lantry, successor to B. Lantry &
Sons, railroad contractors, died sud
denly of heart failure at. his home in
this city this evening. The Lantry firm
is one of the largest of the kind in the
country, and has undertaken large
contracts for the Santa Fe and other
roads.
They constructed the immense sea
wall for the Santa Fe In San Fran
cisco Bay.
WASHINGTON, April 13.— The case
of James. A. Watson, accused of em
bezxling $73,000 from funds in the cus
tody of the Auditor of the District of
Columbia, was abruptly ended to-day
by the discharge of the jury and the
arrest of one of the Jurors, Arthur L.
Orrison," for contempt 1 of court. The
trial probably will not be begun again
until the middle, of May. The termi
nation of the case was precipitated by
the request ; of Orrison * to . be informed
by the court whether Watson was to
be tried on the indictment against him
or on public : opinion: Justice Pritch
ard replied that public opinion had
nothing to ; .do with the jury, which
was to consider only the law and the
evidence." ¦
Assistant District Attorney Taggart
moved, the discharge of the jury on
the ground that Orrison's question in
dicated a prejudice . against the Gov
ernment In-th'e case. The court prompt
ly discharged the jury, prefacing the
action by saying "that the juror is In
toxicated, and not in condition to sit
In 'the box."
When ¦••. the, juror was brought into
court Justice Pritchard adjudged Orri
son in contempt of court and sentenced
him to two months in Jail. \
Engineer Croak's little son, who was
riding with him in the cab, cannot be
found and is believed to be dead. Three
or four tramps who were stealing rides
were also killed. .
•SPOKANE, Wash.. April 13.— Great
Northern passenger train No. 4, east
bound, was wrecked near Leavenworth,
Wash., last night by an embankment
giving way. The engine is on its back
ln the Wenatchee River 100 feet below
the track. The mail and baggage cars
are part way down the long slope, but
the passenger cars clung to the rails.
Fireman J. M. Wilson was killed In
stantly and Engineer Jack Croak of
Milliard was so badly injured that he
died soon after the accident.
JUROR IS HELD
FOR CONTEMPT
ENGINE ROLLS
INTO A R I VER
The leadership. which would make "our party
more truly Democratic is the • leadership which
will restore ¦' us . to the control , of - the • Gov
ernment. Our; creed is simple J and clear,-, but
it cannot be recited by. those who. would make
our organization an = annex to the ' Republican
If we are to heed the voice which bids
u s to : cense to be Democrats In order : that
we may win we shall find " we have : lost ; not
only : the victory of being true, but '. also the
victory at the ¦ polls, which can be ours > only
ln case we are true.
"National Morality" was the subject
discussed by United States Senator
Culberson of Texas.
William F. Vilas of Wisconsin, former
Postmaster' General, responded to the
toast!"Falth and Hope." .
At. this point a letter wag, read from
Franklin K."— Lane of California, iji
which he said: i
A letter also was read from John S.
Williams of Mississippi, Democratic
leader of the National House of Rep
resentatives.
In tlie present struggle between plutocracy
and Democracy the corporations are seeking
to control the Supreme Court, and if they can
do that the House of Representatives, the Sen
ate and the President are powerless to protect
the pef-ple.
I trurt that those who are honored with an
Invitation to Fpcak at your banquet will raise
a note of warning against the attempt, now
being made by tho money magnates to control
the Democratic c-onventlon and to secure the
nomination of a Democratic candidate who will
be obligated In advance to betray the hopes of
the Democratic masses. I Very truly yours,
WILLIAM J. BRYAN.
The merger decision shown how closely the
Supreme Court is riveted and how easy It Is
for those who sympathize with corporate wealth
to find plausible reason for -staying the hand
of government when it attempts to rebuke
those who exploit the people. Under our con
stitution the President appoints Judges, and
those ¦ who have watched the decisions In the
liayes-Tllden contest, in the income tax rases.
In the trust races anil In the rases Involving
th<» policy of the Government ln the Philip
pines cannot doubt that It is as Important to
have Judsfs who sympathize with the people
as to have-Judges learned ln the law.
Martin W. Littleton of New York,
who took for his subject "The Empire
State, the Hope of Democracy," de
clared that if a platform along the
lines suggested by some of the other
speakers was adopted and Judge Par
ker selected as a leader, the" Demo
cratic party was bound to triumph in
the coming election.
The following letter from William J.
Bryan was read, dated Lincoln, Neb.,
April 7:*
I thank you for the invitation and regret to
Fay that I fhall not be able to attend. I trust,
however, that those present • will take ad
vantage of the occasion to present to • the
country the choice of Importance of maintain
ing Democratic, principles, as they were set
forth ln the platforms of 1S96 and l!»0O. ¦ ¦
Governor L. F. C. Garvln of Rhode
Island responded to the toast of
"Democratic Success."
When the toastmaster introduced
General Nelson A. Miles the banquet
ers rose in a body and greeted the for
mer head of the army with enthusi
asm. General Miles, in his response
to the toast, "Our Country," made a
forcible argument against imperialism.
United States Senator Carmack of
Tennessee took for his theme "Thomas
Jefferson."
"The Democratic party" was the
subject discussed by Adlai E. Steven-
Bon, former Vice President of the
United States. Mr. Stevenson pleaded
for a united party and the adoption of
living issues in the platform at the
St. Louis convention. . ' «
Trusting the celebration of the birthday of
this creat leader will prove to be both a
source of pleasure and profit to those who
participate, I am very truly, yours.
GROVER CLEVELAND.
CHICAGO, April 13.— Ways and
means to bring success to the Demo
cratic party in the Presidential cam
paign this fall were discussed by prom
inent Democrats, representing every
part of the country, at the . Iroquois
Club banquet at the Auditorium to
night ln celebration of Jefferson's birth
day. Tariff reform, antagonism to
trusts, independence for the Philip
pines and rigid economy in public ex
penditures were some of the sugges
tions offered by the speakers to bring
about this result. A feature* of the
banquet was the following letter from
Grover Cleveland, who had j been in
vited to attend, but was. unable to be
present:
I very much regret the necessity which
compels me to decline your courteous Invita
tion to attend the celebration of Jefferson's
blthday under the auspices of the Iroquois
Club. It is especially fitting at this time of
confusion ln political ideas and misapprehen
sion as to the meaning of true Democracy
that the character of the great exemplar of
Democracy should be fully appreciated and
that his political opinions should be better
Interpreted and uoderstood. His devotion to
the Interests of the people, his wise conserv
atism, and his constant adherence to the
public good, always the guiding star of his
career, commend his acts and his beliefs to
the careful study of those who in these days
patriotically seek the welfare of our country
through the ascendency of safe and sane De
mocracy.
The Premier added that the strictest
supervision would be exercised to pre
vent agents from holding out improper
inducements to prospective emigrants.
BUDAPEST, April 13.— In the lower
House of the Hungarian Diet to-day
Premier -Tzima made a lengthy state
ment" regarding the proposed extradi
tion law. which he said would be In
troduced In a few days. It was not
intended to promote : emigration, but
to surround emigrants who absolutely
ref usfed to ; remain ln Hungary with
governmental protection and keep in
touch with them 'with the view of their
ultimate return. Owing to the.',de
mands of the steamship companies the
Government- had intended^ to institute
a line under state control, but, in the
meanwhile a contract had been con
cluded with - the Cunard line. . .The
terms provided for a ten years' con
tract, terminable by notice at the end
of five' years or in the event of the
emigration, falling below 50,000 persons
it shouldbe canceled at the end of the
third year. In the event of the United
States prohibiting immigration the
contract was void. The Cunard com
pany undertook to make twenty-six
trips annually from , Flume to New
York, I accommodating 2000 immigrants
per trip. Should the total be less than
30,000 persons the Government agreed
to pay 100 kronen (about ?20) per head
deficit. The Premier said that, the
Government would gladly pay the pen
alty because it would indicate a fall
ing off in emigration.
V
Prominent Democrats Dis
cuss Politics at the Iro
quois Banquet in Chicago
Hungary Will Offer Induce
ments to Emigrants to Re
turn to Their Native Land
LONDON, April 14. — The Times cor
respondent at sea 'off Port Arthur, un
der yesterday's date,, reports a ¦ Jap
anese torpedo attack, followed .by ; a
desultory bombardment. He does not
mention the. disaster to the battleship
Petropavlovsk. His wireless messages,
dated yesterday morning and-after
noon, state that Japanese -torpedo
boats attacked Port Arthur in the
early morning. The bombardment ; ; of
the port began at 9:45 o'clock and at
10:40 the fleet was -still shelling the
forts.
CHEFU, April 14.— An unconfirmed
report from Japanese sources states
that the Japanese reopened the bom
bardment of Port Arthur at 8 o'clock
cm Wednesday morning, the vessels
maneuvering in a circle before the port.
This, action evidently followed the one
reported earlier in the day. ' ,
A private dispatch from Port Arthur
says the Japanese attacked, that place
at daylight yesterday and that the
Russian fleet, assisted by the fire of
the forts, drove off the enemy. The
dispatch adds that the town was not
damaged." The effect of the bombard
ment of the forts and fleet was not
mentioned.
WEIHAIWEI, April 13.— The British
gunboat Espiege, which arrived here
from Newchwang,. reports. that at 5:45
this morning she sighted five Japanese
warships engaging the Russian cruiser
Bayan, which was making for Port Ar
thur from the direction of the Yalu
River. The Askold and another cruis
er with three funnels came out of Port
Arthur to assist the Bayan. At 6:45
the Russians got under the shelter of
the forts, but the Bayan was evidently
damaged, as quantities of steam 'were
seen escaping from her. At ~$:05 the
Japanese ships "opened fire with their
heavy guns upon the forts, but the
latter did not reply. After a fifteen
minute bombardment the Japanese re
tired toward the east.
It is rumored here to-night that, fol
lowing.^ the los's of the Petropavlovsk,
Rear Prince Ouktomsky, act
ing comander of the Russian fleet at
Port Arthur, ; engaged . eighteen; Jap
anese, warships' off i. Port' Arthur, this
afternoon. . ' ' '•
According to later reports Grand
Duke Cyril was more seriously Injured
than at first believed. He has been re
moved to a hospital at Port Arthur for
treatment. Despite the statements in
the dispatches the Grand Duchess
Vladimir believes that her son is dead,
saying:
"Everybody has been killed, and I
cannot believe that Cyril was saved."
It is said that Viceroy Alexieff will
assume comand of the naval forces in
the Far East, presumably pending the
arrival of Rear Admiral Rojestvensky.
No details as to how Admiral Maka
roff met death have been. received. It
is said that the Grand Duke Cyril
owes his escape- to the fact that he was
on the bridge, whence he leaped into
the sea and was picked up by a boat
from another warship.
was due to the fact that the vessel was
stripped for action and all of the men
were at their stations. *
BRAVES TALK
OF CAMPAIGN
LAW PROTECTS
THE SUBJECTS
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
EIGHT HUNDRED MEN IRE DROWNED
"From every point of view," says the
Daily Telegraph editorially, "the dis
aster Is* the gravest which has be
fallen Russia since the beginning of
the j war, even ' If it should prove \ to
have been limited to the destruction of
the Petropavlovsk. ;.
"Admiral Alexleff's dispatch makes
this significant addition: 'The full
cruising strength of the Port Arthur
squadron put to sea in pursuit of Ad
miral Togo's fleet' The Japanese, how
ever, seem to have deliberately played
upon Admiral Makaroff's; enterprising
nature to lure him into ; a . fated trap,
probably among the Miaotos Islands.
"Admiral Togo's command was pres
ently discovered to be rapidly concen
trating in full strength ahead. ; The
Russian admiral, "endeavoring to es
cape danger, returned to ; the roadstead.
It was evidently, amid the hurry and
difficulty of an . attempt to- crowd the
squadron through the half choked
mouth of the harbor, with the Jap
anese pursuit pressing up behind, that
the flagship met its fate.
"There is thought tor.be -.a singular
absence of assurances as to the condi
tion of the Russian ships which re
turned to the harbor and as to the
safety of all except the Petropavlovsk.
The Russian narrative is exceptionally
lacking in clearness, there being- not
to hand that the Russian flagship had
been badly handled '• in battle if " she
was sunk.
"Independent reports keep coming in
from merchant ships that heavy firing
was going on ; early yesterday morning
between Port Arthur and Chefu."
31 AK AROFP LED INTO TRAP.
"The loss of the Russian flagship ap
pears to me to be an affair big with
fate and has been the result of fleet
action at sea in the open. The Rus
sians have been constantly at sea late
ly, and they .generally have been re
ported as being some distance off land,
mostly to the south, between the end
of Liaotung Peninsula and Chefu, and
the report that a new searchlight had
been erected on the tip of Liaotung
seems to corroborate this idea. So it
seems that Admiral Togo determined
on fleet action, and I think it will be
found when the later telegraph conies
LONDON, April 13.— That Admiral
Marakoff fell Into a trap set for him
by Admiral Toga is the . thory which
Loridon^is inclined to build upon, the
few facts so far known- regarding the
Russian disaster at Port. Arthur.
At the news of the death of Vice Ad
miral Makaroff himself no expressions
save those of eympathy and regret for
the loss of a brave man and a brilliant
officer are heard. Rear 'Admiral Inglis,
who knows Admiral Togo personally,
writes ln this morning's *Daily Tele
graph:
"We know for a certainty that no
one deplores Admiral Makaroff's loss
from a personal view more than Ad
miral Togo, and if the, gallant Rus
sian's body could be found a'nd rever
ently buried by his foes it is quite pos
sible "the Japanese Emperor himself
would have attended the ceremony."
Of the circumstances which preceded
and possibly led up to the loss of the
Petropavlovsk, Rear Admiral Inglis
says:
Special Cablegram to Tfce Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1904, by the New York' Herald PubUshlus
¦ . v ¦••-.- • . .: Company - . ¦ ' . ." ' -: Vy •'
one word of the engagement of. the
Bay'an and the Askold with five Jap
anese .warships told of In the Weihal
wei and Chef u dispatches. Why is this
concealed and is it the whole of the
concealment? It must be assumed that
Admiral Makaroff : came out in chase
of the five Japanese ships which ." had
been worrying the Bayan, and that
they had led him on « with admirable
judgment. ¦
EVERY 'VESSEL DAMAGED.
'"Finally an Italian agency. Issued,
upon the authority of its representa
tive at Chef u, a sensational report that
Admiral Makaroff's escape was cut off
among the Miaotos Islands. The Rus
sian squadron was surrounded and
every vessel was damaged."
It looks, according to the Dally Mall,
as though the Japanese had stolen in
behind 1 the Russians and dropped some
contact mines off Port Arthur, for it is
difficult to believe the Russians can
have been so careless as to lay electro
contact mines. '
Fred S. Jane writes in the Daily
Chronicle: "Some time ago Admiral
Togo claimed to have laid blockade
mines off Port Arthur. This claim was
probably a bluff, designed to make the
Russians think that -none had been
laid. The actual laying. is very likely
to have taken place the : other night,
when the supposed bottling expedition
took place." .
Spencer Wilkinson in the Morning
Popt agrees with the theory that there
was a sea fight; that Admiral -Maka
roff unexpectedly found himself in the
presence of a very large Japanese force
and had to retreat.
Express, Opinion That Russia Is Withholding
• the Facts of the Disaster. .' >>
BRITISH EXPERTS BELIEVE
TOGO LED FOE INTO TRAP
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, : -T-fiURSbAY, APRIL 14, 190^1
GERMANS PURSUING
REVOLTING HEREROS
BERLIN, -April 13._^7Colonel Leutwein,
Governor of German Southwest "Africa;
wires from Okahandja under to-day's
date that the pursuit - of the revolting
Hereros resulted " in ;: the ; defeat* of i the
enemy, >who: retired ;¦ to ; the '¦ district 'i of
Otyosazu; r Eighty/ dead Hereros; -be-,
sides • a t number of ; fresh graves, -were
found,, and 350 cattle . were ; taken. '. : ,
party by catering^to that, conservatism -.which
seeks : only '-. to bring £ greater « benefits » to ', thn
already.' wealthy. ¦ • nor., by 7: those - who ; would
make it^an > annex "to. the i Socialist- i>arty ' by
joining; In , every, attack. : no matter , how un-
Juat, 1 upon the; wealthy. \
FISHERMEN PREPARE TO ; .'
GO TO- THE BERING SEA
Many Ships -Are Making Ready to
Start North ; From Coast
Points.
SEATTLE, April; 13.-— The : fleet car
rying/supplies'and : equipment for the
Bering/; Sea j salmon /canneries is pre
paring, to: move north.';' The -Pacific
Packing .' and Navigation ; Company's
bark * Harvester ' went : to sea~ to-day,, for
Nush agak > w i th • ". 100' : fishermen >; and
other f employes ; .' the j same.) company's
ship 'America. will sail; tormbrrow;with
250 "Chinese? and .whites; for- the; same
place,'/ arid . the - bark ' Kate Davenport
will : start this* week." ; : Thef steamer » P.
P. Hume 'of the same r - company, will
gojnorih' next week. '
5
MUNYON'S REVIVAL
FOR GOOD HEALTH
I^SmIk
From the Atlantic to the Pacific
v'^wi * Crusade Against Disease and
.|o|||\jj£ W Preachers Called Upon to As-
X_ ,J slst in This Great Work
For NearIy A " AIIm8nts and Most Failures.
' Makes Men Irritable and
I have started a great and far spread- little need of hospitals except for rnnrgi-
ing revival for health. I have set the cal work; keep this organ well and in-
people thinking: and am proving to them temperance will largely disappear and
that good health is possible no matter the morals and virility of the people will
what the disease may be. I claim/that be radically Improved,
nearly all ailments can be traced to . indigestion shuts out the sunlight of
malnutrition or lack of nourishment. I hope and wraps its -victim ln a shroud
assert that people die early, that the O f gloom. Preachers should preach the
average life is shortened because the doctrine of ' good health, for a healthy
blood and nerves are starved. I be- community means a moral community,
lieve that disordered stomachs are re- 1 be iieve that If dyspepsia and indlges-
sponsible for nearly all bodily ills. t | On were blotted out of existence tp-
"Where a person eats heartily and digests morrow- prisons could be turned into
his food properly, the blood is vitalized workshops and saloons into libraries in
and enriched, which sets the liver and a very brief time. Great revivals have
kidneys and all the vital organs into been held ln ages for the pur p O se of
active and healthful operation. Where leading men out of darkness into light,
the stomach is strong the blood Is out of sin into righteousness. there
strong; where the blood Is strong the be revivals now for good health. Let us
nerves are strong; where the nerves are reso i ve that we will be healthy— that we
strong the kidneys, heart lungs and liver wlll drIve from our aystem vestige
are strong. In my opinion most people of disease. Let us throw open the doors
die from starvation; that is. they starve of our souls and admlt the Bp lrlt of
the blood, they starve the nerves and the hope; let us surround ourselves with
general tissues of the whole body. healthful Influences and pure-minded
You may fill the stomach with choice friends; let us deny ourselves everything
beef and other life-giving foods, but if that Is harmful to our minds as well as
the stomach fails to digest the same our bodies; let us resolve to begener-
then it does more harm than good. Keep ous, to be sympathetic, to be forgiving;
this organ well and the rest of the body let us resolve that no man shall be
will be-well; keep this organ well and nobler, purer or fairer minded than our-
there is no reason why the average life selves; let us feel that we have a duty
should not be more than threescore years to perform not only to ourselves but for
and ten; keep this organ well and there all mankind— namely, to possess goo<
will be no need of insane asylums and health. — MUNYON."
Munyon's Paw-Paw will certainly enable you to take the above advice and
to join in this great health revival.
Munyon's Paw- Paw will surely cure dyspepsia and other stomach disor-
ders and let the sunshine of happiness and hope into lives that are clouded be-
cause of disturbed and disordered conditions of stomach and blood.
Paw-Pqw takes away all necessity and desire for alcoholic stimulant. It
gives exhilaration without intoxication. f
¦ V-Munyon's Paw-Paw will make the nerves strong and enable you to do your
work with both comfort and satisfaction.
Munyon's Paw- Paw will give sleep to the sleepless and bring the rest that
nature requires and insists upon. . , - -
Try it to-day. Get a bottle at the nearest drug store and determine that you
will join in this great revival for health.
&* As a Spring Medicine Munyon's Paw-Paw Has No Equal.
Munyon's Paw-Paw Tonic for tale at all drajnrlsts'. Paw-Paw Laxatlvo
Pllla — the beat Stomach and Iilver Pllla on earth — 35o a bottle. - ¦ -".-'-•;-¦'
ADVEETISEMXNTS.
"It is always sunrise
somewhere in the world."
Pears' Soap is sold all over
established 17S9.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Sensational B a r g a i n s
I REMEMBER, FOR THIS WEEK ONLY
H Owing Wo our larprc; manufacturing of Cloaks and Suits, as we"
H employ in our. factory over 300 people, also having large contracts
H coming, daily from our branch factory in New York, wo find that .we
li are absolutely crowded in our store at 1 142 Market street.
I S65.000 Worth of Cloaks and Suits
I We Must Unload Them.
S / Therefore we giveall the benefit tothc ladies of Frisco and the
H surrounding, towns at one-half price. It has never been known of
H such great bargains in the beginning of the spring that , we can only
jl : mention a few here.
i JUST THINK OF IT. a NEW SPRING SUIT, ; made up in the .
g last forty, days, regular price in New York would be
§1 $27.5o;,we will place them for this week only at <i|)IO»/O
I VERY GENTEEL SPRIN G SUITS, - all sizes ; regular price in
n New York $.35.00; we will place them this week only ETfl
I v at ... ... . . . y ... . ..... . . . ..: .... ...". ..:.... V»' »*5U
|9 Our largc% variety of 3000 S KIRTS and tremendous line of 2000 ;
|j ¦ .JACKETS? in Covert. Silk, "-Pongee "and White Crepe and 800
II CHILDREN'S COATS fall will be placed oil the same reduction.
H We'must make room arid \ve need money.
Eg A^^ Wholesale -Manufacturers
ADVEBTISEMENTa.
At 10 a. m. J
TZTC CLEBKS' PROFIT - SKABXZTG R
I SHOE STORE WILI. OPSZT ITS DOORS gj
., FOB BUSINESS, HA VINO PUKCKASED H
h the stock or : i i x <i i u
I NOLAN BROS. SHOE GO. , I
| WE WILL GIVE TEE PT7BX.XC THE fc|
K BENEriT OF OTJR GOOD BUT AND Ej
R EVXXT THE ASTOUISHIKGLT X^OCT |
K FELICES THEY HAVE BEEN QUCTICTG C
h W1XX. BE FOB.GOTTE27 IN THE MAXT7 E
P SURPRISES WE SAVE IN STORE FOR C
p THOSE WHO COKE TO-DAT I I I ' \\
1 THEEMTIRE STOCK 1
I MUST BE CLOSED OUT 1
h BEFORE OUB NEW GOODS ARRIVE. 1
I SOME OF OUR WATCHWORDS:
li BUY FOR CASH every salaey must be earned?
H CPU FnD PA6M EVERT TXWKECESSART EXFEKSE
U OLLL lUK VrAOll arUST BE ELIMINATED. i : I :
S. TSX BIGHT WAT. T2E RIGHT WAT. |
1 Best Goods at Strictly One Price Jfag LOVVCSt I
f\ SUCCESSORS TO |
I NOLAN BROS.
* Phelan Building 812-814 market street f
I rneidn DUiiUin S 9 _ H O'FARRELL STREET ;
t^ All our friends, customers and shrewd investors are quickly taking ad- '
B vantage of our 7 per cent preferred stocK. ;
Ej This Ftork carries with it a preferred dividend of 7 per cent, which
m is guaranteed from the first profits and also participates in further earn- ¦
h inps. Information at COMMERCIAL BANK AND TRUST CO.. 7 Powell ;
f' street; Finance And Securities Co., 402 RiaJto building. Call quickly. j
i THE IDEAL WINTER
ROUTE TO THE EAST !
I Tf S via El Paso and the Rock Island i
J[ System. 1
\ ¦ It takes you through orange groves and |
across a sea of salt; past the crumbling V
ruins of old missions and under the shadow |
of mountains compared with which Gib- i:
jj ralter is a plaything; across rivers* and |
plains, glittering in the rays of the most El
| brilliant sunshine in America; through |
towns that have grown up in a night and a
I others that were old before New England P
was new. |
Climatically, no other trans-continental |
route compares with it. No high altitudes; 3
i little or no snow and for three-fourths of |
t the way, no cold weather. s . 9
\ Through trains daily, Los Angeles to |
J Chicago. Standard and tourist sleepers, 1
} coaches, chair cars, diner. Full informa- |
\ tion on request. gj
iffij^J^lfffi}' C. A. RUTHERFORD, |
't g^KS^K4u5*j District Passenger Agsnt, hj
2 3 Market St., San Francisco, CaL M?JAKLAND,. April 13.— -The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Charles E.
Powers, 24 and Maud McDaniels, >21,
both of Oakland; Ernest A. Dunstan,
39, and Blanche *G. Long, 36, both of
San Francisco; Manuel Soito, more
than 21, and. Annie Pirnental," more
than 18, both of San Lorenzo.
Marriase Licenses.
; SAN QUENTIN, -April;, 13.— The
convict - James » PhiliDS^ who .escaped
frbnv prison 'about • a week- ago, has
been captured' and is back in the pen
itentiary. Philips was captured at
Geyserville . yesterday -and t r.-as return
ed, to the prison ,. to-day. Philips will
lose. :about, four years': credits for hav
ing left prison « unceremoniously" -and
will probably .:. have: to 'remain some
time in -the incorrigible cell and
strait jacket.'
Escaped Convict Recaptured.
i'Rev. . Carroll 'Melvin Davis, an alumnus '¦. of
the- class of -. '78, * has been reflected > as chap
lain'- of - the .commencement * exercises'? In the
Greek ' theater on Wedn?Eday, * May > 18. r Gov-
BERKELEY, Aarll 13.— Alvord W,\Cooley,
one^of the two members ot the United -States
Civil " Service Commission, • will V.; address the
students', and | faculty" of -'the university -at 4
o'clock to-morrow, afternoon.';. In : the ¦ students'
observatory, - on the ffeneral ¦ subject | of j VClvll
Sen-ice I Reform." .. It * is * Mr.S Cooley's object I to
set; on foctat thU ; meeting a movement for a
civil sf nice Teform 1 association i at ) the | univer
sity. ;- : Similar;: societies - are '. in i existence ;. at
various 'Eastern : universities i and promise to
exert much; influence -.In an Indirect -.way : for
the Kcod"of- the? United -States Civil Service/
Before his appointment i as a commissioner ¦ Mr.
Cooley was an attorney In: Pennsylvania.
The university 'meeting; Friday ,;momlni' In
Harmon - gy mnaslum . will be . addressed { by . Dr.
Lyman 'Abbott,' editor ; of Uhe ; OuUook.^and - E.
T. ¦ v Earle, lecturer ,ror lOOt i at t the • Pacific
Theological ¦ Seminary.*, and ¦- Mr.; Cooley . of the
Civil Service Commission. ¦<:-•?* -:' .v'r •¦- .-.-< v
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
The. Swiss , Alpine Club ' has : within
the last four years spent *24,000'in
building, refuge ¦ huts on various, moun
'taIns. t,-f*l : r '.O'i"K~,' t : ¦'-¦' '.'' '-.-..., ¦¦¦'¦¦'¦ • /.
,/ OAKLAND. April, 13.— Suit for di
vorce, "was begun ; to-day' by: Harry. G.
Ellis.' against v Bertha Ellis on; the
ground ¦ of F cruelty/,'- They ? have - been
married j more: than; twenty-five years,
but he claims that of. late his wife has
taken to abusing- him, calling him
names; arjd swearing at him until :he
can stand' it ;no longer.
Says Wife Is Cruel.
The New Yorkers, composed of na
tives of New York State, held a
smoker at the Occidental Hotel last
evening. It was attended by seventy
five persons and was presided over by
the president of the organization, E. B.
Read. Among the speakers of the
«n-ening were General George Stone,
Benjamin Schloss, Colonel C. Mason
Kinne. Police Sergeant J. T. Green, J
B. Mclntyre. William McMann, L. A.
Saalfield and A. H. Ten Broeck.
New Yorkers Give Smoker.
The Mill-owners' came
back with the assertion that the min
ute any men were called out they
would close down every mill in Ala
meda County. Now. the Building
Trades Council is in the fight. J. B.
Bowen, business agent of the council,
said to-nipht:
"The mills will be kept open, no
matter what action the District
Council of Carpenters sees fit to v take,
and the men will be protected. The
threat of the carpenters to call out
the men is an empty one, for not half
the millmen would obey the call."
OAKLAND, April 13. — Another
phase of the old fight between the
Building Trades Council and the Dis
trict Council of Carpenter! developed
to-day when the Mill-owners' Associ
ation received notice from the carpen
ters that unless the four men who
were expelled from the Miilmen's
Union for remaining at work during
the recent strike were discharged from
the mills where they are now employ
ed the millmen in those mills would
be ordered out. .
Backed by the Building Trades Coun
cil, Tlicy Defy the Carpenters and
: r^; Millmen.
3III.L-OWXERS THROW DOWN*
THE GAUNTLET TO UNIONS
April \ ; J3.r— Suit for
$ 1 OiOOO - : damages ' has | been f instituted
by : Caroline ~; R. j . Blumehberg against
J. M.-Upham and J." B. Richardson,
whom she; charges having torn
down a portion of a levee surrounding
"418 acres of .reclaimed ; land in.Sac
ramenta County, and allowed the river
to .floi^-over; it,' ..destroying the: land
and the crops/\vhich,had been, plan ted."
It .is >tated ttiat the land/ was sused for
the; cultivation of "vegetables arfd 'was
very .valuable.;-' 1 C- ' < -^ ' - - ! v
Says They Cut Levee.
ALAMEDA, April 13. — Harry Child*.
a one-armed ex-convict, who is said
by the police to be the burglar with
the bloody hand who left traces of
pore in several houses he burglarized
here in February, was arraigned on
two charges of burglary before Jus
tice of the Peace F. S. Cone to-day.
The preliminary hearings were set for
next Monday and Tuesday. On next
Friday he will be arraigned on a third
fharge of burglary.
Ex-Convict Is Arraigned
The Republican factions of the
Fourth Congressional District which*
have aired their differences before the
Election Commission concluded their. 1
arguments late yesterday afternoon.
Maurice L. Asher presented the
claims . of his Congressional commit-'
tee and Louis Anderson performed, a*
similar service for the Martin Kelly
committee. In .reply to a question
by.Colonel ETddy Asher said that the
Congressional convention' which had
been held 'in 'Sacramento had been
called by. the local . Republican County
Committee, in conformity with the
general custom. Eddy said that the
call for* the convention . should have
come from the Republican Fourth
District Congressional qommittee and
thatfthe Sacramento convention hadi
been called without authority. ¦ " <
Martin Kelly read- a statement ex-:
plaining, the call for the Fourth Con-'
gressional * District | convention.-, which
met separately from the State con
vention. The former committee nom
inated Julius :Kahn a candidate 1 for
Congress, and appointed a Congres
sional committee. . Kelly said there
were sixty-one delegates at the con
vention, which he called to order.
Asher said there were seventy-four
delegates, at his convention, they be
ing independent of the State conven
tion, and further that Kelly's dele
gates ware Dart and parcel of his con
vention and ; had: declared,, that they
had- not attended any previous con
vention. Kelly spoke atMength and
then Eddy held the floor for an hour
or more. The case. was submitted and
¦the - commission oromised to ' render a
decision to-day ati 10: 30, a. m.
Election Commission Listens to Trou
bles of Fourth Congressional Dis
trict Politicians. V>V.r. •
REPUBLICAN FACTIONS
SUBMIT THEIR CASE
• An informal but very ¦ delightful ; studio . tea
was given by Miss Laura Prather. the clever
miniature artist, to-day In honor of Mrs. J. D.
Safford. Among the guests "were Mrs. J. D.
Safford Mrs. P., L. Wheeler,-' Mr*. -McElrath.
Mrs. Chadbourne. Miss Annie Miner.- Mrs. H.
P. LJvermore, Mrs. H. P. Gregory. Mrs."
Charles F. Hoffmann. Mrs. George H. Wheaton.'
Mr* Charles Eels, Mrs. Mark Kern.) Miss Lulu
Shephard Mrs. John R. Glascock. ¦ Mrs. J.
C. Hayes,' Mrs. J. B. -Williams, San Fran
cisco; Mrs.' Milton S. .Latham.' San Francisco;
Mr». ¦ Charles Weller, San . Francisco; , Mrs.
Gtcrge d> Golla. Mrs. A.: J. - Ralston. Mr«:T.'
B. .Coghill, Mrs. Henry - Wetherbee, - : . Mrs.
Furnham. Mlsres -Van Wyck,' Mrf.V.D." Hen
fhaw Ward. Mrs. Charles Walkley, Mrs.
George H. Mendel, San Francisco;' Miss Nora
McNeil, San Francisco; Mlsw 1^ Heath. Han
Francisco; Misses * Maynard; ; Mrs. ;- Peter von
Loben Sels,' Mrs. . H." P. "¦ Hussey, . Mrs.;. Brace
Hayden. . Miss . Annie . Miller, • Mrs. . Ousts v ; Mix,
Mrs. Spencer. Brown, • Jlrs. Henrhaw. Miss
Farrier, Mrs. Richard Lyman, Miss ' Joete
Eastland,' Mrs. Wilcox, • Misses .- Rogers,,; San
Francisco; Miw Violet Whitney, ¦ Mrs. John
Mr» Bunnell, president of the club, has
been quite 111. but Is Improving and hopes are
now entertained that she will noon be con
valescent. . ' .-.'- ¦ •". V.,,; f^: 1 ,
The Art and Curio section held sway at the
Oakland Club to-day, under the direction of
Its curator Mrs. W. S. Peters. , The Hawaiian
Is'ands. their history and people, was the topic
of Interest. Quite an interesting collection
of articles made by the natives was loaned by
Mrs. William Grieves and Mrs. M. B. Stan
wood with which to Illustrate;* talk by Mn.
C. . E. Jones.
Sonata, piano .and violin, op. 75 (allegro
agitato, adagio, 'allegretto, presto), Mrs. Ar
thur \\". Moore and John R. Lewis; soprano
«c!o, <a) "Poplar Leaves," (b) "Remem
brance." (c) "Fair Spring Time Beginning,"
Mr*. Carrie Brown Dexter; duo. piano and
harmonium cp. H (a) Scherzo, (b) Finale,
Mn. Arthur Moore and William H. King;
aria from "Samson and Delilah." "My Heait
at Thy Sweet Voice," Mrs. Wallace Wheaton
The ' last meeting of the Wednesday Club
this month will be a public recital at the
Ebell clubroom* and will be a brilliant went.
Mrs. James G. Allen Is president of the club
and Mn. Newton Ko*er Is secretary. The
membership has increased greatly during the
test year and "among the members are many
women prominent In the social and musical
world Mrs. E. L. Dow, Miss Louise StubbH,
Mrs. E. N. Ewer, Mrs. .Arthur Moore, Mrs ,
Frederick Stratton and Miss Pauline Collins
ore a few of tbe names on the roll. . \
The prorramme. which' was rendered In an
artistic manner : by the participant?, was - as
follows : r • '
Preceding the mutlcal numbers. Will B. Kin;
gave a sketch' of the life and works of the
famous French composer that was extremely
Interesting. Mr. King talks almost as well
at> -he plays. ' : -.
OAKLAND. April 13.— The assembly room
of the Wednesday Morning; Musical Club. In
Kohler & Chase Hall, was filled with an ap
preciative audience this mornlnc. Tho pro
gramme was composed entirely of the works
of Camllle Salnt-Saens. which were delight
fully Interpreted by several well-known local
musicians. - • -
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
rrnor Pardce is expected to be present at the
exerclaes nr.d present the military commis
sions accordinc to custom. . i •> ¦
. Professors Wllliata A. Merrill ot the Latin
department and sArthur S. Eakle of the
geology department will represent the univer
sity at the inauguration of Professor Charles
S. Howe as president of the Case School of
Applied Sciences at Cleveland. Ohio. May 11.
The Case' school- was established in 1881 with
an .endowment of $2,000,000 by Leonard Case
and is one of the leading technological insti
tutions in the United States. The Lick Ob
servatory is to be represented ' by ~ Ambrose
Swasey. senior; member of the "Warner &
Swasey Companyof Cleveland .which firm de
signed, the famous LIek telescope. v \/
'The; first "lecture;, of 1 Dr. George Stelndorff.
prof essor .of . Egyptology at the University of
L?in*!g;- will ' be rtvtm ? at "8 t o'clock Friday
evcnln? In heorst 1 - Hall.' "..The. topic of the lec
ture, '-wliribo - "The. ¦ Development tot •; Egyptian
Religion." -The other two .lectures ;i will , ¦ be
given ~ on ' Monday nnd Wednesday 'evenings of
next week:- . , . •*. ,-,'.: : . \ . ¦•.,•::
' Miss Mabel Thayer ! Gray,'-who has been | the
Ebell 'Society's 'president 'for; the* last- year,
presided .yesterday for*the = last timeand the
members ' realized* that l fact with • sincere re
gret. Miss Gray. has made an efficient officer,
her tact never forsaking her even in 'the most
trying .- moments.' She, with other' retiring
members of the board, was the honored guest
at '.the luncheon yesterday.'/ ;" '
A tea that promises. to b* an' elaborate affair
i* bein? Panned "by' Mlsa' Noelle.; de.'SGolla^fof
April 21. > -Tlie ,- complimented. gu*>et» wll.lbe
Miss Edith Downing and. MI«8 Bonnle-Down-'
ing..-, ;.:.:¦ jVt». su>, ; ' ...;--¦; -•,-: ,,l.] ; .-. :
The Oakland Club will eerve tea at, Lilac
Cottago. at the May fete;, « which takes, place
on' May , 7 • this y«>ar. I Mrs. " ; C. . S. . Chamberlain
and Mrs." W. . D. Smith • Will be In charsre pt
the cottage; assisted by -a large -corps 'of 'maids
and; matrons. .: ... :<• .7 ' W .:';.; .-.' "' ' •-
Miss Caroline Little." the .Oakland girl \who
recently relumed i from^'a- period -of .- study --In
Europe^. and :tvhoae_bjfautlful-; voice^ls '.-.bsing
praised: on nil rides, • -will' give', a'- song matinee
on Friday," 'April 22," at,nM*P le S! HalL'vj .The
LIUles - faavc'<*alway»'»be*n-'- prominent I socially
and the approaching e&ncert jvlir probably. take
on the aspect of a society' function. i With the
exception of her appearance at Mrs.. Wheaton's
muslcale recently, ' thlfl, wlll-be the first "time
that Ml*8;Iylttle,ha9,been,heard;.in public en
this aide 6f . the I bay since j her - return' from
Europe.; .The -patronesses I'ara Mrs. Frank' C.
Havens, Mrs. Samuel jHubba'rd.' Mrs. , It,, G.,
Brown. Mr*. George -H: Wheaton, Mrs. A. J.
Ralston." Mrs. ; Clinton 'Day, >Mre. -Charles But
ters/. Mrs." Emma Shafter- Howard and MrS.
\V. S. Xoyes. . *|V ,' • •
Miss Laurena Hcag, 'the talented young
reRder whose work !;as ben a. pleai>ln.;
f»aiure lit tnmty socinl 'unctions both here
and in San Francisco, will give a small re
ception at the home 1 of Mrs. AVaiter Carroll
In Han Fianei*eo ni-xt t-'utumay aiternoon. A
few of her pupils will appear In a short i>ro
grramm«. those from Oakland being Miss Ida
Claire Foster, Miss Ethel Johnson. Miss Flor
c-noc Weeks. Mi-s Ula lir&dify, Ailss Hilling
and Mlrs Anna Keefer.
Henth. Miss Meeker. MIes Constance Weeks
and : Mrs. Roeboroueh.
* * . • \-
ALAMEDA, April 13. — D. W. Rey
nolds, employed in the United States
Quartermaster Department in San
Francisco, was arrested by Policeman
William Wahmuth last night on a
warrant issued in San Francisco at
the instance of C. A. Nathan, who ac
cuses Reynolds of obtaining fifty dol
lar? from him under false pretenses.
Nathan learned that Reynolds teas
preparing to go East and he invoked
the law to -prevent the latter'g de
parture. Reynolds was released by
City Justice R. B. Tappan on $500
bonds furnished by Dr. A. A. Stafford
and F. D. Smith of this city.
Arrests Government ICmployc.
Ferris was unmarried and lived in
Fresno. He was about 30 years of
age.
POINT RICHMOND. April 13. — J.
R. Ferris, conductor of the construc
tion train which is at work on the
Santa Fe Company's extension to Oak
land, was killed last nisht. In get
ting down from the caboose he fell,
striking his head on the rail and frac
turing the skull. He died in a few
moments. .
COXDUCTOK KILLKD BY
FALL FitOM CABOOSE
The first session of the day began at
8 o'clock this morning. Two hours
were allowed for translating a mass of
Latin into English. The examination
questions were not unsealed until the
competitors were ready to begin, the
instructions requiring this in order to
preserve absolute fairness. At the ex
piration of the two hours the examln-
BERKELEY,. April lJ.^-Eighf young
men sat around a great oak table in an
upstairs room of the' library building
at the University of California to-day.
A corps of orrmious looking professors
stood guard over them and kept their
wards' noses down to the areas of
white paper in front of. them for six
long hours. These eight martyrs to a
system of pedagogic espionage were
the candidates for the first Rhodes
scholarship of the many that are to
come to California. ' .
ers in charge sealed the examination
papers and prepared :to forward them
to Washington, fn accordance with in-
structidne. The Bureau of.Education at
Washington will send the.papers on to
Oxford.
After an hour's rest the competitors
went into another session at 11 o'clock
and struggled for two hours with a
prose composition in Latin. The last
period of the day began at 1:30 o'clock.
when the candidates were furnished
with a list of-nuzzling questions in
Greek and Latin grammar, two hours
being allowed for this work. The
papers for each of these examinations
were sealed and forwarded in the same
manner as the others.
The papers of the candidates will be
examined at Oxford and then returned
to the university. From among those
who pass President Wheeler will select
the Rhodes;scholar for 1904. It is ex-
pected that.it will take at.least six
weeks before this can be done,
The competitors at the examinations
to-day are either" students or graduate
students of the University of Califor
nia. They are R. O. Reiner, • Farnham
P. Griffiths, C. K. Judy, Beverly S. Al
len, Monroe E. Deutsch, Henry B. Dew-
Ing. William J. Musgrove and William
C. Crittenden.v
-The examinations were in charge of
the following members of the^faculty:
j Dr. Clifton Price, chairman:,H. C..Nut
; ting, C. J. O'Connor, James Torrey Al
| len. J. H. McDonald,.!. W. Basmore,
E. M. Blake, D. N. Lehmer, H. W.
Prescott, M. A. Centner, I. M. Linforth
and W. H. Matlock.
The Rhodes scholar will go to Ox
ford for a period of three years, $1500
a year being allowed out of the fortune
left br the late Cecil Rhodes for sup
port. :
STUDENTS OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA WHO LABORED FOR filX. HOURS YESTERDAY. UNDERGOING .EXAMINA
TION FOR THE RHODES SCHOLARSHIP. THE MOST SUCCESSFUL OF WHOM WILL ENJOY. THREE YEARS' STUDY
AT OXFORD WITHOUT EXPENSE TO HJM. .- - •: ,•> .-i\ ;. . • I
STANFOKD'S CRACK POLE
VAULTEU BADLY HURT
J. M. Beach Is Seriously Injured by
an Explosion in Chemistry
Laboratory* -
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April
13. — J. M. Beach of San Bernardino,
one of Stanford's crack pole vaulters,
who was expected* to win second place
in the coming' field meet with the Uni
versity of California, met with a pain
ful'accident in the' chemistry labora
tory to-day. While performing some
tests his glass apparatus exploded, fill
ins? his hands with pieces of glass.. His
face and eyes miraculously escaped
the fragments of glass which were
blown the full length of the large
laboratory, room. The . unfortunate
athlete was given medical attention
at, once, but it is feared that the cuts
are so deep that they will not be suf
ficiently healed to allow him to enter
the annual collegiate track meet. •
Hunker is still guarding his castle
on Bancroft way, .fearing that Mrs.
Carroll may turn up at any time, and
make another successful storming
party of it.
Now I am out in the world without a dollar.
Ai: I have If my little son, whom Hunker
promised t.. support ar.d educate. But I have
other resources, and when 1 appeal to the law
again 1 talnk there will be a different story
to tell. 1 think I will get the beEt of him yet.
Even that would have been satisfactory, but
he kept the lease. As he had the upper hand.
I could do nothing. I asked him why he had
become so indifferent toward me and he said:
"I have nothing to «ay to you." Finally he
bued out a writ of rectttution for the house,
and. ri course, defeated me In the courts.
Mrs. Carroll is the woman Hunker
ejected from the home he built for her
at 2428 Bancroft way at a cost of
$20,000. She said the house was an
engagement gift and he denied this.
The court took his side and sent two
deputy sheriffs to Berkeley to. take
care of the case. When the deputies
got into the house they found that
Mrs. Carroll had been there before
them and taken all the movable furni
ture in the place.
Hunker spoke his mind about this
proceeding and now it is Mrs. Carroll's
turn. She came to Berkeley to-day
to hunt up mouthpieces. She was
quite agitated over it all and once or
twice was moved to tears. This is her
side of the story:
Hunkrr ha.- treated mo cruelly and hu
miliated me. His <!¦ niul that I am his coueln
ehowK what kind of a man lie is. I met him
in San Franritco and told him my maiden
name was Hunker and we traced the rela
tionship. It was satisfactory to him. . "•
On the strength of our kinship he loaned me
$:c,o00 to build a house. I was to build it
and then lease it irons him at a nominal figure.
It was understood that I was to pay the taxes.
But after the house had been built and I had
moved in he began to change toward me. A
week dffo he dragged me over to his attorney
and m&de me tign a lease for ten yean at the
rate at (40 a month.
Now Mrs. Christine Carroll prances
into the limelight and gives the world
a piece of her mind concerning one
Andrew Hunker, discoverer of Hunker
Creek in the Klondike, who is esti
mated to be a millionaire many times
over. In her eyes the millionaire is
the picture of ingratitude and selfish
ness. She promises that there will
be trouble when she gets her breath
and sticks her talons of the law into
his hide.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call
214 8 Center street, April 13.
"I feel that the city cannot afford to
lose Mr. Howard," said Mayor Olney
to-night. "and I should feel disappoint
ed if it shall become necessary for me
to appoint his successor. He is run
down and must take a rest. He-be
lieves there. should be a representative
in his place during his absence. I hope
the Council -will vote him a leave of
absence to cover the time he shall be
away."
Mr. Howard left to-day for Victoria.
There he will join his wife and
daughter for a tour of Europe, expect
ing to be away about three months.
In the City, Council Mr. Howard has
been conspicuous as the exponent of
clean-cut business methods. He has
made exhaustive studies in the water
question and was foremost in arrang
ing the bond issue programme. As
chairman of the auditing and finance
committee, Councilman Howard's work
was that of a master hand. He is
president of the Western Fuel I Com
rany and one of \ the representative
commercial men of the Pacific* Coast.
*But it is hot certain that Mr. How
ard will be permitted to resign. The
Mayor is anxious that the city shall
not lose the services of the gentleman,
and an "effort will be made to retain
him. As soon as Mayor Olney was
notified of the resignation he decided
to take steps toward inducing Mr.
Howard to stay. The Mayor suggested
that the Council should not accept the
resignation; but should grant Mr. How
ard the leave of absence necessary to
cover his projected three months* trip
abroad.
City Councilman John L. Howard
has placed his resignation in the hands
of Mayor Olney and the City Council.
Pressure of private business affairs
and ill health are the reasons Mr.
Howard assigns for his action in re
tiring from the city government. The
necessity of going away for a time
also led Councilman Howard to re
sign, for. he declared, to his callers,
he believed his place .should be. filled
in view of the public business now Be
fore the Council.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1118 Broadway, April 13.
OAKLAND. April 13. — A writ of at
tachment was issued by Judge Greene
thi«s afternoon for the person " of
Charles W. Pa!m, who is ordered to
be brought into court and punished
for contempt in not having paid over
to Jennie M. Heaton the sum of $2020
belonging to the estate of the late
Warren D. Hoaton. It was promised
for Palm by Attorney Henry C. Mc-
Pike that the money would be paid
on last Monday. With this under
standing the matter was allowed to
go over, but the money was not paid.
The claims of Jennie M. Heaton
have been contested for years by Palm
as executor of Heaton's will and At
torney H. C, McPike. Heaton died
and left a valuable estate. A claim
was made to the property by a woman
said to be a child of Heaton's. born of
a woman in England with whom Hea
ton had lived. She made her con
tention good before the lower courts
and the case was appealed. By one
appeal and another the matter has
been kept alive for many years. Now
Palm is in his last ditch, the court
holding that he has passed the limit
in further resisting its mandates and
has adjudged him guilty of contempt
and ordered him to be punished. Palm
is said to be in Los Angeles.
PALM IS NOW
IX LAST DITCH
Is Adjin!jr»*«l Guilty of Contempt and
Writ Issues to Hrfns Him
Before Bar.
John L. Howard Sends a
Letter Announcing' -With
drawal From ' the Place
RESIGNS FROM
CITY COUNCIL
Mrs. Christine Carroll, the
Millionaire's Cousin. Says
He Is Very Ungrateful
HUNKER'S ACTS
DISPLEASE HER
Miss Heald read a great deal of late
and had shown signs of mental trouble.
.».
Mrs. Blanchard learned ' that there
was nothing but mud flats at the foot
of B street yesterday afternoon, the
tide being so low that it did not cover
the short. The police accent the the
ory that the letter was written by Miss
Heald. The incoherence that marks it
indicated the writer's disturbed mind.
Mrs. Blanchard said her sister had been
cheerful during the day and left home
about 3 o'clock, saying she was going
to walk.
Miss Lillian Heald, S» years old, a
short-story writer, disappeared yeeter;
day afternoon from the residence of
her sister. Mrs. Sydney Blanchard, S55
Thirty-seventh street, under circum
stances that have induced the Blanch
ards to. appeal to the police for assist
ance in search for the missing woman.
Within a few hours after Miss Heald
departed a special delivery letter was
received by Mrs. Blanchard, signed by
'"Mrs. William Raymond" and declar
ing that a woman answering Miss
Heald's description had been seen to
drown in the bay off B street. The
facts that the handwriting of the mes
sage closely resembled that of Miss
Heald. that the description of the gar
ments were identical with those of. the
absent sister, that Mrs. Blanchard
never heard of a "Mrs. William Ray
mond," that the letter was received so
soon after Miss Heald's disappearance,
all lead Mrs. Blanchard to believe that
for some unexplained reason Miss
Heald had written the letter.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111R Broadway, April 13.
There were no issues involved in the
fight except the candidates themselves.
Decoto -wanted to retain the office he
has held for two years, and Woolsey
wanted it, too. Thd office carries a
salary of $100 a month and the tenure
is two years.
There was a close fight on all the
other offices, and, as" in the case of the
graduate managership, nobody knew
until the last vote was counted how it
would turn out. The vote of the other
candidates was as follows: For presi
dent of the Associated Students— L. D.
Bishop 33S, W. H. Dehm 483; for vice
president— J. A. Force 361. A. C. Keane
469; for secretary— K. C. Gunn 425, Law
rence Kennedy 370. There were 833
votes cast.
*
After one of the fiercest fights in col
lege politics Ezra Decoto defeated A.
J. Woolsey for the office of graduate
manager of the Associated Students at
the University of California. Decoto
won out by the narrow margin of eight
votes, the total number cast for him
being 417, against his opponent's 409.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, April 13.
The young man was unmarried ?.nl
tosided with his father. Henry A.
Kohler. at 1233 Twelfth avenue. He
was a graduate of the Oakland High
School ar.d had been in the telephone
company's employ three years. A.1 in
quest wil! be held Saturday morning.
Leo C. Kohler. a Sunset Telephone
Company's lineman. '22 years of age,
was ol^'.-trocuted this morning on a
telephone company's pole at the cornet
Of Seventh and Union streets, where
he had been Ktrinpinsr wires. The lino
with -which he was working cam* in
contact with an electric light wire car
rying 2000 volts of current.
Just before the death-dealing volt
age <ausht Kohler he had yelled to
George Hartman. a lineman on an
other pole, to be careful, as there srss
a --live wire strung near them on the
high poles. Suddenly there was an
other scream from Kohler and his body
fell, beiror caught on a cross arm.
Hartman and other linemen went to
"heir fellow workman's assistance. The
body was taken down and Dr. R'.n 0 
hart was called. P.ut death was in
stantaneous. At the Receiving H••«
l>ital effort was made to resuscitate
Kohler. but the labor was> CmltlftSE.
The body was removed to the Morcui>.
It is supposed that the wire Kohler
was working with sagged while he
was drawing it and touched the hear
ily charged live wire. Kohler's 'oft
hand and arm were seared by the cur
rent.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, April 11.
Leo C. Kohler Receives a
Shock From Conduit Car
rying Two Thousand Volts
Miss Lillian Heald Drops
Out of Sight and Gives
Sister Cause for Alarm
Annual Election of Asso
ciated Students Ends Me
morable Contest for Place
Harlow P Bancroft to Calvin A. Shaw,
W 17:6 fit lot «?> and E 12:« of lot 55>i.
amended' map of subdivision of Musswuod
Tract. Oakland: ?10.
Mary A.. Maggie A.. Emma J. and Nellie
W. Mof ntt (all single) to Frank J. Moffltt.
lot en SW line or East Fourteenth street. 73
NW of Thirteenth avenue, NW 25 by SW 140k
lot 10. block 40. Clinton. East Oakland; $10.
The Real Estate Combine to The Realty Syn
dicate, rerecord 577 I>. U-'W. lot on S line oi
Uriversity avenue, !)S9 W of Sacramento
streft, W 52 by S 272. belnar W 'i of lot 10.
block I. Sharr Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Same to game, rerecord 5«5 V. 4.13, lot on
SW corner of Calais ami Butterworth streets.
W 100 by S 135. lots 20 to 23. block 31.
map reeubdlvlsion of Smith's subdivision of
Ma thews Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Ernest W. C. and Ragnar C. A. Christiansen
(wife) to John R. and Jennie R. Roche (wife;.
\oz on S line of Eagle avenue. 252 E or Wil
low street. E 42 by S 147:6. portion lot» 1.*,
10; 22,- block 17. map resubdlvlslon blocks 15,
16 and 17, Alameda; $— — .
Sutsan M. Smyth (widow) to Elizabeth Smyta
(single), undivided % of lot on E,llne-_of
Linden street, 1X1. N of Twentyrsecond, ;N
27 ty E 125. block CM. map of survey of X
Extension ¦ Oaktand: $10.
The Heal Estate Combine to the Realty
Syndicate, re-record T*0 D 403. lot beginning
at point distant 02 links SE from NE corner
of land described in enntract 23 D 504, tllence
NK «».70 chains to center of creek tn Indian
Gulch, thence down same, etc.. to point' inter
secting by line drawn on course NE from
another point distant 7. So chains on court*j
NW from point nf beginning, thence SW (i.4(i
chains, etc.. SE 7.85 chain's to beginning, con
taining •"¦-.". acres. Oakland; $10.
L. Eleanor Johnson (single) to Andrew L.
Anderson (single), lot on NE line of Mont*
Vista avenue (Laurel street). SE oj Pied
mont or Webster, a venae. £E 50 by NE 114,
lot* 14 and 15, map of Piedmont Villa Tract,
Oakland: $10.
WKDNESDAT. . APRIL 13. ;
Regina Hoffman (widow) to Edgar T. Meafc-.
in. lot on E line of Eleventh street, 1"H.4O 3
Ol its int?rieftion with tf line of right of
way of Berkeley Branch Railroad, E 100 oy
a 37:«. portion lot 10. block 2«. map property
of X. M. BeauUry end G: Peladeau. recorded
April 1?. 1904. Oakland: SlO.
Edgon F. and John Charles Adams and JulU
P. A. Trattier to Katharine H. P. Hubbard.
lot on BVt line of Lee street, distant aloni;
»a»d line and Its extension SE ::t»l..$t» Inwu
Inunction with line dividing Plata -« anl
21. V. an.l D. Peralta Ranoho. as per roa?
or subdivision No. I Adams Point ProP* 1^;
eal>J point of beginning b?lng most fc. corner
of lan.l conveyed by first parties herein to
second Diirty, 7!K> L>. :J7S. thence along: pro
pesed extension of I.ee street Sk -? :f) *- b ,
U7:10 NW 28.20 NK 142.U1 to b*Klnnins of
portion of aforesaid plat 21. etc. Oakland, deed
anil agreement: ?10. _-
Hame to Samuel Hubbard. lot on bV> lln- or
Lee-s>tt>et district, aions same and its exten
sion. SE 390.44 from intersection with afore
*aM dividing line, thence SE 'ZM. along pro
por^d extension of Lee street, thence continu
ing alon* proooseJ extension of Lee street on
curve to right with radius of 500 feet, dis
tance of l"tt..V) thence leaving said proposed
¦Ureet line. Sff 15O.44. NW »2». U. ; ».
being portion of sal.l plat 21. V, and D. Peralta.
Uancho, Oakland: $10.
Farmers, and Merchants' Savings Bank tn
John Mason, lot on K line of 'l"n»rty -second
street. S.-j E of Market. E CO by S 1W. lot W
and E 10 feet of lot 14. block 20:W, Rowland
Tract. Oakland; $10. ,'.£*
Lcui.se (cr Louiaa) and G. F. Kfwman (hus
band) to John P. Beckett, lot on S line of
Nolan (or Thirty-third street). 10« :.i V- «.
Wtst street. \V 50 by N 100.10. lot 21. block K.
Centra! Land Company's Tract. Oakland: *}»¦
W. S. Simmonds (or Simmons) and Katie e*.
-Simmonds (wire) to Mary F. KIce. lot on . N
line o? Handy street. W of Its intersection
with W line or Lorln Villa Tract «>fn« £
35.24 NW 121.10. NE 33.1M. SE 121.16. being
W ::5.24 of lot 10. map b partition of lamia
of Ann Dwyer (deceased), t»79 L). llt>, Berkeley,
Oscar G. and Mary M. Dornln (wlfe> to F.
D. Cornell, lot en N line of Dwlsht way. 100 E.
of Bowditch, N 150 by E 75. Berkeley; $10.
Cora R. Bones (single) to T. H. Montgom
ery, lot on W line of Alice street, »* N of
Klnth. N ti6 by W 100. lot* t». 20 and portion
of lot* 21 and 23, block 122. Kellersberger a
map. Oakland; $10. '
W. H. or William H. Smith to (1) Charles
II. Smith, ct al».. lots ft. 10. 27 ami 23, block
20. same. Oakland: grant. ; ¦ .
Frits Msrinius Andersen to Mabe! I. ¦ and
Alma M. Andersen (both single), Nellie lu.
Ryder and Josephine l'otvin (both married),
children of the first party, lot on N line ot
Thirty-ninth street. 1.1:4 E from SW corner
lot ,14 (and distant 253:4 E of Grove street).
Montgomery Tract No. 1.- thence N 100 by E
20 :*, being E portion of SW \i of lot 14, afore
said. Oakland: gift.
Alameda County.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SUICIDE IS SUSPECTED
CAUG1IT ON HIGH TOLE
Electric Current Kills a
Young Telephone Company
Man While Dragging Wire
Peculiar Message Follows
Wake of Disappearance of
a Woman Story Writer
MEN; KUN A CLOSE EACE
Defeats Woolsey After a
Stiff Eight for Graduate
3Ia nager , at University
DEALS DEATH
TO A LINEMAN
DEATH'S TILE
IN A LETTER
EZRA DECOTO
KEEPS OFFICE
Eight Students of the University of California Undergo Pre
liminary Test^and the One Tftat Acquits. Himself Best Will
Be., Sent to Oxford for Three 'Years With; All Expenses Paid
ASPIRANTS FOR RHODES SCHOLARSHIP
TAKE AN EXAMINATION AT BERKELEY
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1904.
6
BKANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2M8 Center Street.^
Telephone North ?"•
ALA3IEDA.
14S5 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4593.
"\ "-¦ *?"•' FREE— FREE :
: TO WANT c AD VE RTISERS
; IN ;' NEXT 5.; SUND AYS CALL.
THE f GLOW NIGHT: LAMP.
A SCIENTIFIC WONDER.
Invaluable for Bcdixxims, Sick
Chambers,*?; Hall, ' Nurseries,:
Bathrooms,.; STAIRCASES, etc.
BE SURE TO; GET, ONE WITH
A ; WANT AD ; IN
NEXT SUNDAY'S ' CALL. .;.
Premium cannot 5 be obtained 4 in^
nny other way. .
' ITE W AD VEBTISEMENT&,
. KIP XT VH ¦ THE BUD.
Pirst Appearance of Dandruff a Tor*-
rtuuier of Future Baldness.
That such is the case has bee'n conclu-
sively proven by scientific research. Prof.. ',
Unna. tho noted European skin special-
ist, declares that dandruff is the. ' bur-
rowed-up cuticle of the scalp, caused by
parasites destroying the vitality in the
hair bulb. The hair becomes lifeless, and
in time falls out. This can be prevented.
Herpicide kills this dandruff
germ and restores the hair to its natural
softness and abundancy.
' Herpicide is now used by thousands of
people — all ' satisfied that it Is the most
wonder fnl hair preparation on the mar-
ket to-day. . i
Sold by leading 1 druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Uerpiclde Co.,
Detroit, Mich. ; .
FREE DENTAL CLINIC
FOR THE POOR.
Open ; Sundays and evenings. Teeth
extracted free. Graduates of den-
tistry. Small charge for material only.
POST-GRADUATEJiENTAL COLLEGE
San Francisco — 3 Taylor Street.
Oakland— 073 Washington Street.
San Jose — 45 East Santa Clara Strati.
' Sacramento— 407 J Street.
GBLAPE-KX7TS.
DON'T FORGET
CHILDREN
THRIVE
WONDERFULLY
2 ON
Grape-Nats
\ and Cream.
I "THERE'S A REASON."Frederick ; \W. Mattfeldt. proprietor
of > a notion store _ at 1498 . Kentucky
street. : made a desperate '¦ attempt ;on
his life yesterday afternoon by * cut-"
ting his^ throat. Policeman'- Stanley ; * of
the 'Potrero- station -had 'the man re
moved to : . the hospital. • Mattfeldt , may
recover K ', \" : ;:" '¦¦ ' "-'"' " -~ '.-'-^
Cuts His Throat With a Razor.
The third annual spring exhibition
of the Pacific Coast Horticultural So
ciety.is announced to take place" May
12, 13 and 14, at which time '.the
grand nave of the Perry building will
be transformed into a conservatory.
Premiums and prizes will be award
ed for almost every variety of flowers,
plants, orchids and all . the beautiful
things in flora's domain that enchain
the attention of botanical enthusiasts.
A large list of prizes has also been
provided for the efforts of amateurs,
of whom there are quite a few scien-;
tine and skilled horticulturists in this
city and vicinity./
.The nurseries, conservatories .and
flower gardens in and. about this city
and vicinity will, be drawn , upon for
the choicest floral offerings: obtain
able^ Floral designing and decorations
will be a recognized'- feature in the
competitive exhibits.
. The society purposes to make this
affair the swellest and most beautiful
exhibit of the: kind 'ever shown in thi3
city. iThe show will be. under the.sur
pervision of the, following committee
of arrangements: H. Plath,' manager;
William Eldred, Charles » Fick: P.
Rock, J. W. - Bagge. Thomas A. llun
ro; secretary; ¦ N. ' Peterson and F. ¦ Pel
licano. 4 ' '
The Grand Nave of the Ferry Bnlldins
Will Soon «Re. Decorated With
. Many Rare Plants.
WILL. HOLD THIRD ANNUAL
SPRING FLORAL EXHIBITION
when Valk was special examiner in
charge of the investigation of selec
tions, was then ca!led by McEnerney
end in answer to questions by Hyde's
attorney told the following story:
Benson came to me Jn the fa'.l of 1S97
esklng ray assistance ¦ in crrttiog th*» selections
In which he and Hrde were interested ad-
vanced to approval. I told him that as Valk
was in charu* of ¦ the work and ; would be
responsible for what?ver was done he had
better talk, with ,Valk. ( Benson and I dis
cussed the ccmpP2J>8tlen -to be paid." A rate
} TORMER CHIEF OF FOREST RESERVE DIVISION. GENERAL I.AXD OFFICE. WHO TESTIFIED YESTERDAY THAT HE AC
1 CEPTED nniBKS FHOXI ALLEGED CONSPIRATORS TO FORWARD THEIR SELECTIONS IMPROPERLY AND ATTOR-
I NETS WHO APPEARED FOR AND AGAINST THE GOVERNMENTS ATTEMPT TO HOLD HYDE AND DIMOND.
B- R. Baumgardt will-deliver a lec
ture on "Sweden "and . the j Swedes'^at
the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion under the ausples of- the Swedish
Solcety of San Francisco on Saturday
evening, Aprill6. .iThe lecture will be
illuminated by aYset' of 10 stereopti
con views. \ :, '"
Will Lecture oh Sweden.
Have you seen the new observatory? Will
tell you about It Saturday. ' •
The officers-elect are: Piesident.
Tnomas T. Ward; vice president. Miss
Lizzie O'Callaghan; financial secretary
and librarian,' Mrs. P. J. Madigan;
recording and corresponding secretary.
Theodore Lynch; treasurer, .Patrick J.
Reynolds: sergeant fat arms, Captain
Patrick McGrath. - t v
At the close of the entertainment the
meeting adjourned. President Ward
announced that the society would hold
meetings in the same hall every Tues
day evening and that free instruction,
including easy lessons in Gaelic, would
be given by a competent and efficient
corps of volunteer teachers; Including
the following principals: Daniel
O'Brien. Denis O'Conncrr, John Mul
len, Miss Lizzie O'Callaghan, Mrs. P.
J. Madigan. Miss Annie Deasy, Miss
Margaret Denehy, assisted by P. J.
•Reynolds, P.' J. Madigan, Theodore
Lynch. Miss Lizzie Kenny. Thomas T.
Ward, Misses Mary and Teresa Lynch
and Miss Katie Agnes Barron.
Prior to adjournment the meeting
honored the visiting members from
Oakland by unanimously electing, them
as honorary members of the new Philo-
Celtic school.
Each number was received with ap
plause. The merit of the evening's
programme was a tribute to the work
of the following officers: President
Thomas T. Ward, .Vice President Miss
Lizzie O'Callaghan, Financial Secre
tary Mrs. P. J. Madigan, Recording
and Corresponding Secretary Theodore
Lynch, Treasurer Patrick J. Reynolds
and Sergeant at Arms Captain Patrick
McGrath. .
An increased impetus in Gaelic liter
ary circles in this -city was assured
by the large and representative audi
ence c-f Celtic scholars gathered in the
Hibernia Hall. 120 Ninth street. Tues
day evening, when the assemblage was
called to order by President Thomas
Ward of the new Philo-Celtic "school.
The members held a brief executive
session, during which the society's offi
cials were installed and important rou
tine business was transacted. The fol
lowing interesting programme of liter
ary exercises .were rendered, preceded
by introductory remarks by the vice
chairman: « of the evening, Theodore
Lynch, secretary of the new society:
Opening address of welcome In Gaelic by
Denis O'Connor, vice president of the O Grow
ney Gaelic League: Gaelic sons. 'Maureen.
John Mullen; Gaelic solo. "The Meeting of
the Waters," Miss Annie Deasy. financial sec
retary O'Growney Gaelic League; dramatic
.reading Denis O'Connor; soprano solo. The
Dear Little Shamrock." . Mlsa T Katle Agnes
Barron;. Gaelic address. Miss Lizzie O U •
laghan; Gaelic colo.- "Laubhar an Teanga.
Patrick J. Reynolds: Gaelic reading (selected),
r. J. Madigan; barytone solo, (a) Gaelic,
"Pearla an Brollagh Bhan. <b) English. The
Ould Plaid Shawl.". M. J. Lawless; contralto
solo "The Bard of Armagh." Miss Lizzie
Kenny; tenor solo, (a) Gaelic. "Savourneen
Deelish." (b) English. vWidow MeChree
Theodote Lynch; Gaelic solo (by request). John
Mullen. "The Sean-Dhulne."
Prominent Irish Scholars
Will Conduct Regular Re
vivals at Hibernia Hall
¦Max Uosehfeld denies that he was
on board the automobile which Miss
Elsie McEwin on Tuesday evening
drove over the boy James Williams.
He was at his club, he declares, when
the'accident occurred.,. He laerned of
the. young lady's arrest and prompted,
he says, by gentlemanly instinct. and
chivalry, wen/to the '.City Prison for
the purpose of securing her release by
depositing* bail. Friends had already
gone to Miss McEwin's assistance,
however, j and Rosenfeld. returned to
his club.
Says He Was nt His Club.
ORGANIZE NEW
GAELIC SCHOOL
Rabbi Isadore Myers, who .recently
resigned as pastor of the Congrega
tion- Ohabai Shalome, was presented
with a beautiful illuminated addres3
by the members ; of the congregation
yesterday. The address is elaborately
gotten up and is full* of praise and
thanks to the venerable rabbi, who
has labored for more than seven years
in the interest of his congregation.
The members of the synagogue regret
to lose such a zealous leader as Dr.
Myers and in -the pamphlet which they
presented to him they desire to thank
him for the good work he has per
formed while rector of the synagogue.
To him is given credit, for establish
ing the voluntary choir, the ladies'
benefit society and the flourishing con
dition of the spiritual school for the
children is attributed to his efforts.
A committee has been appointed to
make arrangements for a grand testi
monial benefit to Dr. Myers in the near
future. It win be held at one of the
theaters and the date will be an
nounced later. •¦"•-..;-
Shalomc Presented With Illumi
nated Address, i
Laic Rector of Congrcatlon Ohabai
RABBI ISADORE MYKRS IS >*
THANKED FOR HIS LABORS
One of the witnesses to-day will be
Charles Augustus Johnson, a freckled
faced youth who was an office { .boy in
Hyde's office, and is expected to tell
how he carried bunches of affidavits
and deeds to a notary's office, where
that official affixed his Jurat or ac
knowledgment without seeing the per
sons whose names had been signed to
the instruments in blank.
At this point the hour for adjourn
ment arrived and J the examination
broke off just like a sensational novel
in the stc-ry papers, as Commissioner
Heacock said, "To be continued, in our
next." A big crowd/will probably be
on hand this morning; to hear the rest
of Harlan's Confession- and to listen to
Heney driving it in with his cross
examination., In this peculiar case the
defendants are bringing out the evi
dence aganst themselves by calling the
Government's own witnesses,' and ail
that Uncle Sam|s clever counsel has
to. do is t to develop some additional de
tails. In this way the defense is slowly
getting hold of the main points of the
Government's case.
This sum of $200 was sent, me by Bens.on
In a letter. The money was wrapped in brown
pai>er without writing, and the envelope was
addressed to R. I. Smith, box 102. Tacoma
Park Washington, D. O. This name and ad
dress had been I agreed upon by Benson and
nr! at our first "conversation. I never kept
an account with Benson. .. He always . acted
very fairly with me and I had no reason to
distrust Mm. • " .
The next time I. sot. money was at wlllard 8
Hotel. In Washington,, during May or June,
1902. The department was then considering
the advisability of consolidating several small
forest: reserves in Arizona into one large re
serve, and I ¦¦wrote Benson that he should come
on to Washington, as his interests were In
volved.' What I wanted was that he should
Ret the agency for the lieu lands that would be
released by reason of the inclusion of railway
and other lands in the bis reserve.
of 15 cents an acre was sugcested by me, but
it -was finally agreed that he should pay 10
cents. This .was not decided, however, until
later. Valk was to be paid -through me. \Ve
were to divide even. I' brought Benson and
Valk together and they made their ' agree
ment, in accordance with which a number of
the Hyde-Benson cases were approved.. I ife
ceived . $200 from Uenson. of which I paid
Valk some. I don't recall Just how much I
Rcv e Valk. but It was not one-half the amount
I had received.
Woodford P. Harlan. /the gray-haired
nfflcial who was chief of the liey Jar:;i
vivinon of the General Land Oflice
HAKLAX CON'rntMS VALK
"No: he knew it would be of no uee.
He owed me the money and so I Just
>didn't pay the note."
"Did you over get money fram any
persons besides Benson and Collits?"
asked Commissioner Heacock.
"No." 1
•"Oh. I think it was the day before
the note came due," answered the
naive witness.
"Y\*as it a one-day note?"
"No: it was for sixty days."
"Did Collins demand payment?"
"After a certain number of Collins'
selections had been approved I asked
for the money due. but he declined t»>
pay until his whole list was passed,
and therefore I stopped advancing l;5s
cases. None of them was afterward
approved except In the regular order.
Afterward, hvwever. I Induced him to
lend »me $150/ And gave him my note
for the loan."
'Toil never intended to pay it?" said
McEnerney.
"Yes, I did; I expected to pay it out
of money coming from Benson."
"When did you change your mind?"
THK XOTE TO COLLINS.
Even a long-drawn technical court
proceeding sometimes bas its comic
features, and in the midst of yester
day's tedious legal battle the specta
tors suddenly found themselves laugh
ing over the Collins incident In Valk's
testimony and the repartee of coun
sel that it provoked. Heney . had
p.Fked whether the witness ever re
ceived money from any one else for
promoting selections out of their order
and Valk had then told of an agree
ment he made in 1903 with Land Agent
Jeremiah Collins. Collins refused his
first demand of the alleged Benson rate
of 10 cer.u« per acre, but finally agreed
to pay half that rate.
"Collins had many cases pending."
Valk continued," and eome of hia se
lections that I approved out of order
T.ere for as much as 1000 acres. I can
not say how much he owed me. I
was never paid, because when I asked
for money he said he had not agreed
to pay anything until all his selections
had been approved. But I got even
with him by borrowing money from
him and not repaying it."
This method of collecting a debt in
terested McEnerney. and when the Jig
attorney got done laughing he probed
into the transaction. Answering his
questions Valk added the following In
formation:
(X)MEDY IVTERL.UDE.
Another day in the land fraud case
brought out additional testimony in
support of the Government's charge
that bribery of Land Department offi
cials tias resorted to by the defend
ants in order to procure the improper
advancement and approval of illegal
lieu land selections. William E. Valk.
the former principal examiner in the
forest reserve division of the General
Land Office, was on the stand nearly
all day and repeated in greater detail
the story told by him on Tuesday re
icarding the money he claims John A.
Benson raid him for promoting the
Hyde-Benson selections. His testimony
later confirmed t>y D.
Harlan. Valk's former chief in the samp
division of the department, who was
called late in the day and had Just
time before the adjournment to con
fess that bribes had also found their
way into his pocket. A sensational
feature of the hearing was Valk's dec
laration that he grot money from Jere
miah Collins, a land agent at Wash
ington. D. C for advancing selections
in which Collins, was interested. Col
lins' name had not been heard before
during the examination.
When Commissioner Heacock opened
court In the morning McEnerney re
called Valk to the stand and made
him £o over every particle of his evi
' dence of the day before. It was a Inns
snd tedious process that brought out
little that was new. The self-confessed
bribe-taker explained the m routine of
Investigating the lieu land selections
and admitted his responsibility for see
ing that they wore in every rospeci
lawful and in form before recommend
ing them to his superi<.-r. the Commis
sioner of the General Land Office, for
approval. Much time was spent in in
effort to get from the witness a state
ment that there was nothing improper
In his advancing the Hyde-Benson se
lections ahead nf those filed by other
applicants, bet Valk stuck to his aver
ment that the rules forbade the clerks
In the office to do this, although, upon
a showing by sufficient reason, it might
he done by the Land Commissioner.
APPROVES IIXIXiAI. CLAIMS.
Valk said that many of the defend
ants' selections improperly advanced
by him had later been found to be
defective, seme in the titles to the
lands offered in exchange, some in the
fact that these base lands had been
duplicated in different selections, or for
other reason. Then McEnerney turned
to the alleged money payments, and
? :h* spectators pricked up their ears.
"Did you ever solicit any money from
Becson?"
•\>f," the witness answered. "In
the fall of 1902 I wrote him that I was
hard up and as!c?d for payment of the
balance due under his agreement to
jay me 10 cents an acre nri the lands
advanced to approval out of their turn.
I kept no books, but figured that about
<f'00 acres, had gone through in addition
to what he had paid for. so that he
owed me $400. As he had paid me an
amount ranging from 51600 to $2000. the
total acreage «'f the selections which
were improperly preferred was prob
ably about 24.000 acres."
At this point Jos^t'h C Carr.pbeM.
I Benson's attorney, who had come in
and taken a seat with his client just
behind McEnerney. suggested that a
copy of Vaik's letter demanding money
might b<? four.d in the record of the I
Benson hearing in New York.
'"Does Mr. Campbell represent Hyde
or Dimond?" asked Government Coun- i
Re! Henry.
"I represent a client who is affected
by the testimony here and whom you
I are attacking in this proceeding. Hence
I shall later ask the privilege of cross
examining some of these Government
matters that concern Ben
eon.*'
, "I shall object to that." Heney said.
"We are not trying Benson here."'
Commissioner Heacock remarked. **anO
I do not think your request will be
proper."
*;V.'ell. we'll argue that question when
Tee come to it." replied Campbell.
Continuing. Valk admitted that Ben
ton had never asked him to approve
cases that were dcf»»ctl\ e. and that be
had not agreed to do anything wrong
in return for the money except to for
ward the defendants' selections out of
order. He had given some time out of
office hours to going over these selec
tions and writing out approvals of
them. All his correspondence with the
defendants had been destroyed in the
fall of 1003. but this was not done to
conceal the relations of Hyde and Beu-
Fon with the witness. All this in an
fwer to questions by McEnerney and
Wheeler of counsel for the defense.
Land Officer
Admits His
I ail.
WOODFORD D. HARLAN SAYS HE, TOO, WAS BRIBED
Gomfedy Side
|| in Legal '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,- THURSDAY: , APRIL 14: 1901.
7
PBAGEBS
• ¦• ' ¦ . ' ~i '/y.y'i '¦¦¦
1 flP^l*^ t/w ill Ko
ft, •jtji^^» t v w Mum Uv'
Something Doing
4T ' Dl*/lff At* C
Don't Miss It.
11 ALWAYS RELIABLE
1238- 1250 MARKET ST.&
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY CURES
¦ u — - JL mm mm M%
Uli ICII I II i
Consumption,
Asthma,
Bronchitis.
Electro-Chemistry is the only known
treatment that does cure these serious
diseases. It cures simply "because of Its
constitutional effect upon the patient a^cl
because it destroys the trerms of theso
diseases which axe in the Mood by sat-
urating- the blood with oxygen. .All sur-
fer era are. cordially invited to call upon
us for a free examination and trial treat-
ment. We maie this most liberal oSsx
simply to demonstrate to sufferers why
"and how Electro-Chemistry cures cases
which are Incurable under any other
method of treatment.
Edwin and Arthur Peterson, sons of
Mr. Geo. Peterson, • the well-knowft shoe
merchant of 2152 Shattuck Ave.. Berke-
ley. These One little boys were promptly
cured of a serious catarrhal trouble that
affected the head, throat and chest. Chil-
dren have no fear of the Elect ro-Chemlc
treatment, because it la pleasant and
painless.
CONSULTATION T-* tV*-* T"-*
ami IhU Ih l-«
EXAMINATION' *' *V *~* *-*
Specialties ¦ — Consumption, ¦ Catarrh,
Bronchitis, Asthma, Cancers, Tumors.
Deafness, Bead and Ear Kolses, Bheu-
matism. Paralysis, Heural*ria, Piles. Dia-
eases of the Stomach, Liver. Kidneys and
Bowels. §pecial Diseases of Men and
Women. ... All Chronic Diseases.
HOME TREATMENT— If you live at a dis-
tance, try to corns for a personal examination.
If you.-can't come, : write for Instructions' for.
home examination and treatment.
ELECTRO-GHEMIG I NSTITUTE
X18 GRANT AVE ., Cor. Post.
SA3T PBA2TCISCO.
Office hours— 0 a.' m. to & p. m. and 7 to 8
p. m. •'any.- Sunday*.' 10 a. m. to V p. m.
Stparate apartmenta for ladies and gentlemen.
Z visit -DR^'JORDAN'S 'great d,
fHUSEUM OF flHATOaY*
& ' ' " CtS '^ lcai V '* TTT sr - ltt - Stl*». S.I.C1I. A
\ ' .Of '. '¦ The Lure" AartiiDieal Maxenm ia tke V
A ; 'ijjL-|* L ii '' World. Wcakseucs < oc *nj contrxttit O ¦
' SwSsnW dlieite p«»'«'»»iJ'««»*'i>y theolieji t'
© MtSS S| ipec^ 1 *^ on the Com- Esc 36 jein. O
A Aw&\ DR. JORDAN-DISEASES 07 MEM A
\ rffjs^fl Con«u!t»non fr-e »nd «rirt!y prirat-. T
S I jWtf Si Treatment "j>«r»ooil!y or by Icrtrr. A *
- f.l )Jr n U Cm-tin e»«ye«i«nBd»na!teit.- T.
A B M ¦ \\m -Wntetor Ba«k. T DJte««PHT «f A
V » » \\* 33*n«lAeK- MAILED FUS, (A?
\ ii IL T»iu»ble book for mrn) «<9&B*1B*/Ai
' Q do. JOC0AN tt "«O.." 1051 M»rkrt St.iF.T^
, advehtise3o:nts. ' : : ::r ;^ v -v r ¦ ' ¦ • •¦¦• ¦ -
... ¦ ' t
i ; _ _ .¦ . ¦ ¦ ¦ . .
Every suit or overcoat silk lined without extra charge,
Just ask the man at the ,
— — : : : SUITS OR OVERGOATS : : : |^—
SCOTCH PLAID TAILORS - 1009 Market St.
Open Saturday Evening Till 10 O'Clocic. Don't Forget the Souvenirs on i Thursday, 14th; Friday^ 15th, and Saturday, 16th.-These things should ; direct our attention to ',our
selves and should modif j that spirit which restlessly ina-
IT is not pleasant. to read the debates over legislation
' to protect Presidents of the United. States 1 from an
archist murder, nor to contemplate the necessity for
exerting ultimate force to restrain organizations of men
from denying to others the rights which they claim for
themselves. These things going on in our' own country
arrest the attention of the thoughtful. Much against" his
will the President has to be guaVded by officers in; plain
clothes, -and his. partisan, enemies make- this the excuse
for attacking him with accusations that he is of imperial
istic tendencies. V
The impresses one that civilization has not
yet-reached the marrow of men and is merely arsurface
affair, while, beneath there is the fiber of the barbarian
with all of his motives and his uncontrolled passions
But the conditions in this country are demoted to second
place when we read that* the Pope, "a most amiable and
inoffensive personality, has to be guarded by, detectives'
in the robes of priests while he. celebrates mass- -itr'St:
Peter's. There is a screw, loose , in . Christendom 1 when
the head of a, considerable portion ' of the Christian
church cannot perform the rituals of his- church without
being in danger of assassination.
THE CRIMINAL INSTINCT.
The Russians announce with much , vociferation and
many repetitions that they < are very glad France and
Great Britain have -decided to remain at peace.; It -may
be the Russians really feel a genuine love for peace, but
the chances are their delight over the British and French
agreement is due solely to their gratification that noth
ing is likely tohappen to raise the price of war supplies;
Appointments -are usually made one year in
advance of date of admlsrfon • by the Secre
tary, of War upon the nomination of the den
ator. orr Representative. ¦ These nomination*
may either . be made after .competitive ! exam
ination or given direct. - at the . option of the
Representative. The Representative may nom
inate : a legally - qualified second candidate, no
be designated the alternate. } Th9 altercate
will receive from the War . Department a let
ter of appointment, and will be examined «ith
the regular appointee, and if duly qualified
will be admitted to the Academy In the event
of the failure of the principal to pass toe pre
scribed preliminary examinations - Appointees
to the Military Academy must be between sev
enteen and twenty-two years of ase. .free from
any • mnimity . which snay ¦ render them ; nnn;
for military service, am! able to pass a cartful
examination In reading, writing, spelling. Eng
lish irrammar." English composition.' Knglifh
literature.', arithmetic, algebra. - through • quad
ratic • equations. •• plane . geometry, descriptive
geography." and < the elements of, physical geog
raphy, especially the geography of the United
States:. United States history, the outlines of
general history, ami the general principles Of
physiology . and hyeiene. *
WEST POINT VACANCIES— R. C.
City. When vacancies occur fc-r any
State at the Military Academy. West
Point, the Representatives from the
State in -which there Is a vacancy are
notified by the War Department and
they Droceed to make a selection or
selections. Application' for a" cadetship
should be forwarded to the,Represen
tative f rom^ the district in which .the
applicant .lives. -If, the examination for
admission.is to be a competitive one
the Representative-receivlng\the appli
cation will notify ' the 'applicant.
The Berkeley moths have temporarily let go of the
university professors' gowns to take a flutter at the.noble
oaks, and the ladies' club has appointed a paris green re
ception committee for the function. Better a nice dark
corner in a woolly gown with an occasional outing to
an electric light than to'seek the intellectual' atmosphere
of a university neighborhood if you have a name like
Phryganidia Californica.
"Red skirts have stopped fast trains.
Italian women . gathering coal along
the line when the harvest was good
flagged both' freight and fliers."
All women wearing red skirts found
on the line of the company will be
summarily arrested, and the detectives
have been Instructed to try, to keep
the offenders off the line of the road.
Workingmen will also be forbidden to
wear red shirts.
The Philadelphia Public Ledger
prints a dispatch from Pittsburg, dated
April 5, which tells of a novel order
sent out on the Pennsylvania Railroad.
"Let no woman wearing a red skirt
come near the tracks of the* Pennsyl
vania Railroad" is an, order that came
from the company offices In Philadel
phia. When the . order was received
there was considerable amusement
among the local officers. Said one of
them:
No Red Skirts.
The Aleutian archipelago is along the
chosen i>ath of Pacific commerce. The
fact - that, ' as fishermen point out, • the
future cod fisheries of the world will
be conducted along the Aleutian Islands
would alone make them immensely
valuable-'and would insure their occu
pation and settlement by a" hardy race
of men. These islands have a still fur
ther value. Concurrent with the shore
line explorations conducted by Captain
McLellan and his : nautical ' experts in
the revenue service, Professor -Trevor
Kincaid of the University "of Washing
ton," an ' alert Western scientist, has
been making, a study of the valleys and
mountain slopes of the islands. -He
¦first became Interested in Alaska at the
time, of the Harriman expedition. As
a result of .this voyage of scientific
discovery"; he amazed , the entomological
world by the bewildering collection of
insects he broughtout of "Alaska, thou
sands of them - being species that "de
pend for existence on the ; nectar of
blossoms. It was a revelation not only
of. the presence of unnumbered flower
hunting hymenoptera, coleoptera and
lepidoptera In Alaska, but: incidentally
It called, the attention of sciehtiflc/men
to' the fact that Alaska, instead* of be
ing a wilderness of perpetual ice! was
a vast ; wild garden.^ Extending his .in
vestigations in subsequent trips' to the
Aleutian chain, Professor. Kincaid • has
made ; the/discovery that . in ' the valleys
and slopes of those islands'a" number of
kinds of succulent forage grasses grow
in luxurious abundance.' *
'<• "I am 5 convinced,"- said he, "that our
beef ' cattle will "ultimately come from
this; interesting _•'. archipelago." — The
Booklovers* Magazine. "¦
The Flozvcry Aleutians.
WORLD'S FAIR— R. T. P., City.
The first "World's Fair" in the United
States opened in the Crystal Palace,
New^ York City, July 14. 1S53. The next
was the Centennial, opened in Philadel
phia in 1876 and the Columbian Expo
sition at Chicago in 1893. The one fol
lowing is the St. Louis Exposition this
year.' There was also the Midwinter
Fair in San Francisco in, 1894. which,
while it contained much from different
parts of 'the world, was not a "world's
fair" in the strict sense of that term.
In the Free Public Library reference
room you will find books that' will give
all the details of these fairs.
WITfi THE DECISION— E. G. B.,
Birds Landing, Cal. In a pugilistic
contest it is not necessary for the hold
er of the championship to be knocked
out in order to lose the championship.
It goes with the decision of the refers*.
IN > THE LONG AGO— The Mission
Subscriber, City. Unless the title of the
article is furnished it. is impossible to
trace through the' index an article that
was published in The Call about eight
or nine years ago. / .
THE CROSS— C. M. C Panhandle
City. The height of the Prayer Cross
in Golden Gate Park published in this
department included- the pedestal on
which it stands, and which is seven feet
high.;
DELAWARE— C. M. C Panhandle
City. In the State of Ohio there is the
city of Delaware, in Delaware County,
lcca^ed in the central portion of the
State.
Ansivers to Queries.
Hark! in his song no tremor of misgiv
ing—
" All of his heart he pours into his lay.
"Love, love, love, and pure delight of
living; . ;: 4 .
"Winter is forgotten; live for love to
>-• •'" day!"
Fair in your face I read the flowery
presage.
Snowy on your brow and rosy on your
mouth,
Sweet in your voice I hear the season's
message:
"Love, Jove, love, and spring in. the
South!" — The Outlook.
Now on the plum the snowy bloom is
drifted; -
Now on the peach the glory of the
rose; =
Over the hills a tender haze is sifted;
Full to the brim the yellow river flows.
Dark cypress boughs with vivid jewels
glisten,
Greener than emeralds shining in the
• sun.
Who has wrought the magic? Listen,
sweeetheart, listen!
The mockingbird Is singing; spring
has .begun.
clings;
Now on- the- elm the misty buds are
1 ¦ swelling;
See how the pine-wood grows alive
* with wings'. f.. •< . -. .
Bluejays fluttering, yodeling and crying;
Meadowlarks sailing low above the
withered grass;
Redbirds whistling clear, silent robins
--- • flying-^— • - ¦ --. ; ~.-
Who has waked the birds up?. What
, has come to pass?
Last year's cotton plants, desolately
bowing.
Stand in the fallows, rugged and for
lorn;
Red are the hillsides of the early plow-
Ing;
Gray are the lowlands, waiting for
the corn.
Earth seems asleep still; but 'tis only
feigning;
Deep in her bosom thrills a sweet un
rest.
Look where the jasmine lavishly is rain
. . ing
' Jove's golden shower into Danae's
, breast.
Now in the oak the sap of life Is welling.
Though- to the bough the rusty foliage
Spring in the South.
THERE is a pretty kettle of fish asimmer ovey in
Colorado, where »the State troops have been called
out to, protect the property of the mines at Tellu
ride. It seems that District Judge Theron Stevens has
ordered the arrest of Adjutant General Sherman M. Bell
and Captain Bulkeley Wells, commanding the militia, for
contempt of- court on acount of their failure to deliver
the person of Charles Moyer, president of the Western
Federation of Miners, upon the presentation of a writ of
habeas corpus issued by this selfsame Judge Stevens.
Not only has'he set the arm of the law in motion, but the
Judge has declared that the Governor and all the execu
tive authority of the State of Colorado are in insur
rection against the law. Governor Peabody calmly
maintains that the military will not give up the miners'
president, nor will it pay any heed to the order for t'.ie
arrest of the officers.
This seems to be the hardest snarl of. all the difficul
ties arising out of the struggle between the mine owners
and tllfe striking operatives in the harassed. State of Coif
orado. To the unfortunate circumstance of State troops
having to be called out in order that the business of a
corporation or corporations may be' carried on peace
fully is now added the vastly more regrettable complica
tion of the strife between. Federal judicial authority and
the government of the State. Governor Peabody has
the entire force of the State's troops to back his decision.
Judge Sawyer has recourse to the higher Federal judi
ciary, even to the Supreme Court of the United States if
a bench of final appeal be necessary;-
It is a knotty problem, this one raised by the refusal of
the State authorities to obey a Federal court, and there
must be worked out some delicate problems of the law
before either the Judge or the. Governorvmay be cen
sured. Governor Peabody evidently rests tlie justness of
the arrest of Moyer upon the fifth amendment to the
constitution of the United States, which says that "no
person shall be held to answer for a capital or other
wise infamous crime unless on a presentment or indict
ment of a Grand Jury except in cases arising in the land
or naval forces, or in the militia when in actual service
in. time of war or. public danger." Moyer's arrest was,
then, an act of military necessity, according to the lights
of Governor Peabody. By the Federal constitution also,
which provides that "the privilege* of the writ of habeas
corpus shall not be suspended unless when, in cases of
rebellion or invasions, the public safety may require it,"
Colorado's Governor fortifies himself for the refusal to
heed the writ issued, by the Federal Judge. ,
The Federal Judge plainly justifies his issuance of the
writ by his construction of what constitutes a "case of
rebellion." Evidently believing that no rebellion exists
at the present time in. Telluride, he feels that he acts
perfectly within his rights in calling to account those
who refuse to honor a Federal writ of. habeas corpus. If
the cbief executive of the State refuse \to abide by the
order of. the Judge he puts,, himself^in contempt of the
Federal authority and is subject to impeachment. %
This,. then, is the state of affairs in Colorado. Whether
it. will work itself out satisfactorily or, will <- grow into a
situation wherein the United ' States Government will
have to take an active part remains to be decided^by
future events.
THE CLASH IN COLORADO.
There is said to be trouble brewing
between the British War Office and
General Lord Kitchener cuncerning ih«
abolition of the lance as a weapon of
warfare. The Sirdar contends that the
lance Is a very effective weapon when
used against uncivilized troops, and its
continued use in India, where the fight
ing is mainly against savage tribes, is
no doubt advisable.. Lord Kitchener H
talking only for the Indian army, prob
ably, in. contending. for the retention of
the lance, for since the introduction of
the magazine gun in warfare the cav
,alry charge is. a thing of the past.
"Pig-sticking"- is, doubtless, a very ex
hilarating game when played with «n
enemy armed with matchlocks or old
breechloaders of obselete pattern, but
the game takes on another aspect when
the man on horseback is ordered to
charge troop3 armed with modern
rapid-fire rifles. It doubtless demoral
izes a savage soldier to be run through
the body with a lance, but the civilized
soldier with a magazine rifle in his
hands will not permit himself to be
run through. The cavalryman presents
too striking a mark that he should b*
permitted to get within -lance preach,
and against well-trained troops he
would not be permitted to get within
spearing distance.
The Lance in Warfare.
. A; dispatch from London says: "It is doubtfcnl whether
the. long expected engagement for the possession of Yalu
River will ever take place— certainly not unless the Rus
sians have been heavily reinforced." The only value of
such a dispatch is that it confirms public opinion. ' In
fact, the doubtfulness of any important engagement be
tween the Japs and Russians in the .near future has now
become so great that any occurrence of the kind would
be hailed as a surprise party. •
A grocer of the Western Addition a
short time since celebrated the silver
anniversary of his wedding, and to
make the. affair worthy of the occa
sion he had a fine supper prepared
at which he acted as the host. A fine
turkey, done to a turn, was laid be
fore him and as he took up the carver
and fork he turned to the lady guest
seated nearest to hfm, and, desiring
to know if she had any particular
choice, asked, "What. part of the bird
would you prefer?"
>sThe answer came, "The leg." Then
he turned to the next guest with the
same question and the reply was, "The
leg.". To a third, a fourth and a fifth
and then a sixth guest he propounded
the same question. and to his discom
fort he heard each, evidently uncon
scious of what the" other had said, say,
"the leg." ....
The host, allowing the carving im
plements to drop to the table, ex
claimed as sc-on as he could recover
from' his astonishment: ''My friends,
I'd like to accommodate you, but^what
are you thinking about? Do you think
that I'm about to carve a centipede?"
The host was allowed to use his own
judgment after that.
The Cancer's Dilemma.
avoided by people who have a weak
ness for running up hotel bills without
having the means to pay them, for
under a Manx law anyone not a native
of the island may be imprisoned' under
such circumstances. To lock up a mau
because he cannot pay what he owes
Is, ot course, a somewhat illogical pro
ceeding, for it means adding the cost
of keeping and feeding him to the Ios3
caused by his default. But possibly
the occasional exercise of this law may
be profitable to the hotel ' keepers of
Manxland by acting as a warning.
Prevention, however, being less ex
pensive, as a rule, than cure, it would
pay tlie Isle'of Man hotels to append
a notice to all advertisements of the
attractions of the island calling atten
tion to the fact that visitors who try
to- leave their hotel bills unpaid can
be locked up.— Westminster Gazette.
i When the late A; H. Garland was
I Attorney General,' during Cleveland's
first administration, he brought from
I Arkansas an old - friend named James
H. Ward, who was made watchman
and placed in charge of the building at
"bight.
A telegram was received late one
night addressed to the "Department of
Justice," which Ward . opened and
found that the sender . of the '' message
wanted to know whether there was
any statute that forbade the killing of
a man who was a common- drunkard
and a public nuisance. Ward concluded
that the Attorney General should not
be disturbed at so late an hour with
this inquiry, and as an immediate an
! swer was requested sent this reply:
I ¦ "None that I -know of." -
Good Advice.
"The winds that waft fame blow
from the east to the west" is a saying
whose truth no one familiar with the
history of American literature will
question, but in the case of James L.
Ford's "Brazen Calf" fame seems to
be traveling in an easterly direction,
and already the book has made itself
felt In London, where it Is accepted
for its serious side rather than for j
Its qualities as ah amusing satire. Al- j
The Scribners announce the Imme
diate publication of a book by the. late
Henry Seton Merriman under the title
of "Tomaso's Fortune and Other Sto
ries." The volume is made up of the
6hort stories — nearly a score of them
— that^ie left at his death, stories said
to possess in an unusual degree the
qualities that have made his novels
acceptable to a multitude of readers.
The themes are varied — from a Span
ish cafe to a field hospital in India or
South Africa, with an admixture of
sea stories of an original character.
The treatment is all dramatic, the ac
tion rapid, the incidents salient, the
figures strongly marked types. Alto
gether the book shows that Mr. Mer
rlman was the master of the art of the
short story as well as the novel. Early
in autumn the same house will publish
•'The Last Hope," the novel Mr. Mer
riman completed some time before his
death, and the last one which will ap
jjp.-.r from his pen. Since its comple
tion it has been in the possession of
his publishers and will be put into
book form without appearing first as
a serial.
The novel, which compares in
length and completeness of plot and
historical • , setting with any Mr.
Merriman . has written, has also all
the power and fascination of his most-.
notable and popular stories. I
iv.-' • proceeded to the Westward, and
found the River of the Illinois, which
he call'd the River of Seignelay, and
following its course came into the MIs-
EiFipi. where the other discharges it
self. . . . All along its Banks he
found many Savage Nations with
whom by means of his Presents h?
enter'd into Alliances, and gave the
Country the Name of Louisiana, to
honour the x '"rne and Memory of our
August Monarch. ... At length the
Course of the Missisipl eonvey'd Mon
sieur de la Sale to its Mouths, and he
arriv'd there in the Month of April
1682 or 16S3." :i-
"The errat Reputation Monsieur de
la Sale had gain'd, and his mighty
Projects, occasioned a Jealousy in some
and Envy In others. Hi? own Country
men thwarted his Designs; but he sur
mounted all those Obstacles and re
turn'd into Canada, about the year
1676. . . . He set out at length, and
"Robert CaveJier. commonly call'd
Monsieur do la Sale, a Native of Koan.
of a good Family, having been educated
in Piety and Learning, vent over very
young into Canada and took Delight in
Trade, but more in Projects of new
Discoveries up the Inland of tho?e vast
Countries. Intending to settle there
and make that his Country, he pur
chased an Habitation in the Island ot
Mont -real, where has been built the
second Town of Canada, sixty Leagues
above Quebeck. . . •
"Many Discoveries had been made to
the Northward, before Monsieur de la
Sale's Time; . . . but none had ad
xane'd far towards the South or South
west, beyond Fort Frontenac. which is
on -the Lake Ontario- the nearest this
Way of the five great Lak^s. ...
"Something was known of the fa
mous River Missisipi. which it was
'supposed might fall into the South Sea.
and open a Way to it. These Con
jectures working upon Monsieur de la
Sale, who being ecalous for the Honour
of his Nation, design'd to signalize the
French Name, on Account of extraor
dinary Discoveries, beyond all that
went before him; he form'd the Design
and resolv'd to put it in Execution. He
v as certainly very fit for it. and suc
ceeded at the Expense of hi? Life; for
ro Man has done so much in that Way
as he did for the Space of twenty
Years he spent in that Employment.
He was a Man of a regular Behaviour.
*f a large Soul, well enough learned,
Cnd understanding in the Mathe
maticks, designing, bold, undaunted,
dexterous, insinuating, not to be dis
couraged at any Thing, ready at ex
tricating himself out of any Dlfflcul^
ties, no Way apprehensive of the
greatest Fatigues, wonderful steady in
adversity, and what was of extraordi
nary Use, well enough versed in sev
eral Savage Languages. M. de la Sale
having such extraordinary Taients,
whereof he had given sufficient Proofs
upon several occasions, gain'd the Es
teem of the Governors of Canada; and
Messieurs de Courcflles, Talon, and de
Frontenac successively expressed the
fame, by often employing him in Af
fairs for the Honour and Advantage
of the Colony.
Apropos of the new ar.d'remarkably
powerful novel. "Robert Cavelier," by
William Dana Orcutt. the early chron
icles about the hero of the story, the
Sieur de L* Salle. assume an added
freshness in their Quaint interest.
While a review of the present author's
tale of the great voyager is reserved
for the Sunday Call s book page, it is
Interesting to read from the earliest
edition of Joutel's "Journal of the Last
Voyage of M. de La Salle" the story
vt the discoverer's work from the pen
of a contemporary. i?ays the old hjs
torian:
Xotes for Bookworms.
Surely such a place can be found somewhere around
the bay and can be acquired at a reasonable price. Here
the health of the men is- best assured'and their training
will be but little interrupted by adverse weather. It is
true that there arc theorists who deprecate the forma
tion of such camps, because they imply a training for
war. But the day has not come when a nation can afford
to snub the defensive* arts and when the necessity for
their use appears the theorists have never' been found
read}' to step out from their protection" and stand the
risk alone. It is a practical and not a theoretical matter
and should be treated from the standpoint of military
efficiency and public economy alone.
The first public movement to promote a proper location
has been undertaken by the State Board of Trade, which
has appointed a committee to co-operate with the new
military commission and to ask the assistance of the
other commercial bodies of this city. This is a practi
cal and worthy movement- started none too soon.
It is our right to consult and assist the economical fea
ture v of the selection, which" interests all the taxpayers.
For immovable and unchangeable physical reasons
economy requires that the location be in California. It
should be made at some point where the large transpor
tation of equipment and supplies may be no monopoly,,
but be affected by water and rail competition. It is not
unreasonable to ask that it be also where the largest
number of people may enjoy whatever benefit there is in
it. As the effect of such a location is felt beneficially by
the State and reciprocally by San Francisco this city
cannot be indifferent to it. .
As the State Board vi : Trade has led off in the matter
all of our people should manifest their interest and lend
a hand in the work. Army officers are familiar with our
military posts and are entirely aware of our climatic
conditions. They know the. latter to be favorable above
any other part of the country. The difficult part of their
task is in finding a location of sufficient area for artillery
practice and cavalry drill and rightly placed so as to
economize in transportation and the purchase of sup
plies.
THE better training of our small army requires that
the Government provide the places and the, means
for instruction in artillery gunnery and small arms
marksmanship. This means practically that our land
forces, shall be trained as our sea forces are.
The importance of such training was proved in the
Spanish war. Our men behind the guns on our war ships
had been long drilled in the service and aiming of naval
artillery- The Spanish ships were in tonnage and equip
ment the equal of ours. But the poverty or .indifference
of the Spanish Government had made it consider as
wasteful the use of ammunition in practice. When our
ships engaged the Spanish fleets our shots went home,
while the Spanish gunners h^d not skill enough to hit
the islands they were defending much less the ships in
our fleets.
The land battles of Spain were in the same condi
tion. Indeed some of them had no ammunition at, all.
This furnished the only humorous incident of the brief
war. When Captain Glass sailed up to Guam and took a
crack at the fort the Spanish Governor, who had not
heard of the war, thought it was a salute and put off for
Glass's ship with his staff in full uniform to apologize for
not returning the salute because his Government fur
nished him no powder. He was carried off as a prisoner
of war without a change of shirts. . -0-i '
Our Government, Ih pursuance of its policy of making
our land troops efficient in the actual operations of war,
has provided for the location in different parts of the
country of instruction camps of such ample area as to
accommodate cavalry and infantry drill, furnish space
for artillery practice on a large scale and for training in
rifle shooting. One of these camps is to be located on
this coast and for climatic and other reasons the War De
partment prefers that it be in California. A commission
appointed for the purpose reported two or three sites
in San Luis Obispo County and adjacent territory. ' The
representatives of these rival properties of course antag
onized each other, with the result of holding the selection
in abeyance, and another commission has been appointed
to re-examine the whole subject and make report.
As it is evident that in the Philippines we have on hand
the same kind of a job, with more difficulties, as the sub
jection of "our warlike Indian tribes, there will be upon
us for a long time the necessity of forwarding to and
returning from the islands-a considerable military force
of trained men. The quality of the climate will not per
mit the same force to remain there more' than two years,
so that the change. of men must be going on all the time.
A camp of instruction here will have to be occupied con
tinually by a force of from five to seven thousand men,
and their commissary 2nd maintenance are matters of
importance in which transportation and supplies must be
considered. .
• There was a gasp and wild* sob as
the "woman sank to the floor. They
took her in charge at the hospital.
That night the Morgue claimed the
worn out body. The doctors said she
died of starvation, but, then, doctors do
not know everything.
"Ho is in the State penitentiary."
Over the record the booking clerk ran.
Quickly he came to* the object of search.
"I came .all the way from Kansas to
find .my son. It took all the money I
had to trace him. He is the only one
left of my five children and I must
see him," urged the anxious woman.
¦ "Well, madam, he. Isn't, here now.
The record shows that he left here a
week ago," said, the officer.
"But where is he?" begged the half
distracted mother.
"His name?" queried the desk man.
"Must I tell it?" she ' pleaded, and
then In whispered response she gave
the" name.
"They told me I should find my boy
here," explained the little woman nerv
ously as she stood at the City Prison
keeper's desk. The mother was wan
and pale. Marks of care and worry
had left their impress plainly cm the
tired features. »' . V
A False Diagnosis.
THE INSTRUCTION CAMP.
Mr. Howells, whose new serial, "The
Son of Royal Langbrith," is now ap
pearing in the Xorth American Re
view, has gone abroad and can only be
reached through the London office of
Harper & Brothers, in Albemarle
street. A member of Mr. Howells' fam
ily who has remained in New York has
been kept busy forwarding his im
portant mail or returning the less
pressing communications with the fol
lowing printed slip: ''Mr. Howells is in
Europe, and during his absence it is
impracticable to reply to your inclosed
communication." His mail includes
poems from aspiring young girls, long
MSS. from people under the mistaken
impression that he is an editor of Har
per's Magazine and who expect one of
the busiest of authors to devote hours
to their critical perusal, and of requests
for assistance of all sorter When Mr.
Howells is home in addition to his reg
ular work he gets through this mail
somehow, but nobody knows how. " y :.\
It would seem as if G. Bernard Shaw
had at last come into his own. For over
a year there has been almost continu
ous reference to this clever vrlter In
the English papers, and for six months
past he has occupied no little space in
American journals. Some of this au
thor's earliest work, he informs the
public, is entirely out of print and will
never be republlshed. There are a few
of his admirers who have had the cour
age of their convictions, and two of his
choicest early books have been care
fully reprinted in'this country. One of
these, "An . Unsocial Socialist," !s the
only edition at present on the market.
A Xew York house (Brentano's) issued
this volume and "Cashel Byron's Pro
fession" at a time when his following in
America was exceedingly limited, and
their belief in the value of Mr. SHaws
work seems to be warranted. There is
at present general interest in anything
he does, for which this reprinting of
his earlier books is to a great extent
responsible.
•; - • •
Much interest has been aroused
among the readers of Miss Ellen Glas
gow's novel "The Deliverance" as to
the real locality of the story. The au
thor says that the scenes are all laid in
Caroline County, Virginia, which is
near the edge of the dark tobacco grow
ing district. The home of the Blakes
was near the little town- of Baity. The
old mansion from which the Blake
house was drawn still stands, a monu
ment to an aristocratic regime. Ac
cording to the April Bookman "The De
liverance" is easily the best-selling
book in the United States. It is the
book most in demand, too, in the twen
ty largest cities.
Ezra S. Brudno, author of "The Fugi
tive," the new book on Russian op
pressfon of the Jews, which is "having a
wide sale, comes of a distinguished
family. Though very small, it includes
a number of men wtll known for their
success in scholarly ways, and also
some of the richest Jews in Russia,
There are perhaps In all not more than
a dozen households, with the author,
his parents and three brothers the only
representatives in this country. Mr.
Brudno's great-grandfather was a
famous rabbi and author, whose father
emigrated to Lithuania, in Russia,
from Holland, and the ancestry before
this time is traced to Spain. The writ
ing of "The Fugitive" was begun while
Mr. Brudno was a . student at Yale,
which was not so long ago. In the last
year or eo it has been entirely rewrit
ten. The book came from the press
of Doubleday. Page & Co. just at the
nioment when the outbreaking of the
Eastern war made It plain that the
matters with which the book deals
would complicate the great struggle.
most the first English writer to show
appreciation of It was Lucas Malet,
the Kift-d author of "Sir Richard Cal
mady," who, as lonp ago as last De
cember. Included it in a list of "best
holiday bpoHs" prepared by her for a
London periodical. And now it has
attracted the attention of W. Robert^
son Xieoll. the discoverer of Maclaren,
JJarrie and one or two other authors
of lesser note. Mr. Nicoll has been
greatly diverted by Mr. Ford's picture
of Xew York Journalism, and partic
ularly with the chapter describing the
manner in which a fashionable wed
ding is reported in a yellow newspa
per. He, too, Is inclined to take the
book seriously, and declares in the
widely read British Weekly that it
"ought to have a wide circulation in
England." ' ; ¦
pels us to impose our civilization upon peoples who
have a civilization of their own. We should rather feel
inclined to see if they have -not something which we
may profitably adopt, 1 leaving them free to choose for
themselves suchpart%of ours as may fit them.
All Christendom is as much interested in the personal
safety of the Pope as are his own churchmen, for his
assassination would at once rekindle prejudices long
gone to ashes. But those who would be affected by such
an event realize their powerlessness to prevent such an
appalling calamity. The consciences of those who would
cause it are quite beyond their reach. It is a species of
atavism that constantly recuns under all forms of gov
ernment''and in spite of the teachings of Christianity.
No schools, no'ethics, no moral or religious teaching has
succeeded in eradicating "it. It is a persistent disease in
civilization, chronic and incurable.
Some dreamers refer it to poverty and ¦ ascribe that
poverty to the selfishness of those who are not poor.
But this view is not justified, for the preachers of an
archy a re, far from membership in the dependent class in
any of the countries where that cult finds a lurking place.
Nor can it be ascribed to partiality and oppression in
civic institutions, for the evil.spirit is here, where men
are the freest and the most prosperous" in the enjoyment
of more 'equality of opportunity. All that can be done is
to recognize it as a, peculiarly sinister and covert and
merciless form of the criminal s instinct and when we find
it to stamp it out as we do physical contagion.
TH E SAN FfiA N C I SG O C A I_^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor V ; . , . v.'. . : Addresv AH Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT. Manager
Publication onicc 1 <^paj^j> Third and Market Streets, S. P.
THURSDAY......./ "... ....• ...........A. ........:. . .APRIL 14. 1904
THE SAN: FRANG1SGO CAbi;,: 'I-llURS^AY, APRIL; 14, 1004:
Special (Information- supplied dally to
business houses : and public men by the
Press Clipping: Bureau (Allen's). ; 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1041, •
The Isle of Man Is a place to be
'Boor Man Beware ofiMati:
;The appearance of another ¦¦'mysterious murder" * in
Massachusetts,- that of Miss Mabel Page, is but another
proof that mysterious murders ; have' now become so com
mon in New England- that in that section a murder; which
is not mysterious would tfe the "greatest, mystery of alL
,Townsend"g California Glace fruits and
choice candles, .in : artistic fire-etched
boxes. "A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building. •
The : number of JRussian warships-that havc ; been blown
up by Russian mines is becoming ominous. If the -Japs
continue' to tease them. to cortie-out of the harbor.and
fight, they may succeed at last? ip- getting all the Rus
sian mines exploded and all thenr ships blown up vwith
luvioss.to Japan at all. : A i t--t. .
\ i'A strictly, up-to-date burglar captured at Mountain View
had an improved kit of tools of his own invention, the
use, of which he explained to the Sheriff, with much
pride. It is to be hoped the State jailer will' be: quite as
modish in the style of. his padlocks, so that his profes
sional vanity may not be put to the blush by his prbm r
ised.guestl , : - ; ¦•¦ .
8
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESC. M. Jenninn has sued the United
Railroads in the Justice Court to re
cover $299 damages for being ejected
from a Sutter-street car by a conduc
tor, who refused to accept his trans-
Sues United Railroads.
The police made a raid on several
poolrooms yesterday and four arrests
resulted. Albert Kurth was arrested
In Zick Abrams* rooms on LeidesdorS
etre«t; Charles Wesley at Bush and
Kearny streets; H. Opie on Sutter
street, near Montgomery, and. Charles
Levy at Ellis and Powell streets. In
the cases of Wesley and Levy a card
was booked as evidence.
Poolrooms Are Rallied.
Superior Judge Murasky has decided
to set apart Thursday afternoons for
the hearing of cases Involving depend
ent children. Heretofore delinquents
only have appeared in the Juvenile
Court. Dependent children are. held to
be those who beg, are improperly cared
for or those who may associate with
vicious companions. The .new move
was made at the request of Secretary
White of the Children's Society.
Juvenile Court Work Broadened.
Denies Having Been Disguised.
Robert Cordes Jr., son' of a prominent
real estate man, who was reported to
have made his escape from Constable
Tom Carroll of Fruitvale Tuesday even
ing in the disguise of a ,woman, sur
rendered himself yesterday at the Hall
of Justice and was released .on . $1300
bonds. Cordes was arrested on charges
of disturbing the peace and threats
against life. Thomas L. Wand, a well
known -contractor, swore to the com
plaint. Cordes denies having disguised
himself as a woman:
Concert and Picture Show
To-night. Mark Hopkins Institute of
Art. 8 till 10. Also open dally. Admis
sion 25 cents. *'
Prisoners ; in County Jails.
According to a report prepared by
David "Wolfe, bookkeeper of the coun
ty jalis, and filed with Sheriff Curtis
yesterday there are 165 prisoners in
jail No. 1. 311 in jail No. 2 and-80 in
jail No. 3, a total of 556, said to be
the largest number at any one time in
their . history. There are 18 United
States prisoners in jail . No. ; 1 and 7
United States prisoners in jail No. 2
included in the number. -
Have you seen th? n;w observatorj' ? : Will
tell yon abont it Saturd*".. } •
Cai*erricnt Riiicat»eU On Bonds.
William Casement, the newspaper
carrier who Was arrested oh Tuesday
night for shooting^his brother -Frank
at the latter's home, .1330 Valencia
street, was ; booked at ¦ the ¦ City Prison
yesterday . afternoon :, on - a charge ; of
assault to murder and was at once re-;
leased on : $2000 bonds accepted by
Police Judge Cabaniss.; The ; ; police
were informed by, "the attending phy
sicians at St. Luke's Hospital 'that the
wounded • man' was - doing vweil -and
there was ; every chance : of his ¦ recov
ery. Both i brothers /declare that v the*
shooting. was accidentaL ' :
Wants Jewelry From Wittman.
A writ of replevin was served ;. on
Chief of ; Pbllce'Wittman * yesterday , by
the ? Justices' Court Tat ; the ; instance Vof
CVIii Pierce. ": ¦ Pierce ': has sued ,Witt
man for certain jewelry .which was re
covered * in '- a \ pawn-broker's f/ ~ shop,
where ; it had \ bee'n - pawned } by,, , the
thieves who stole it.jMHBHHM|
Orders have been issued by the Fire
Commission that the engineer of each
company shall teach two or three-fire
men connected with the same to run
the engine. Although some of the
firemen are objecting to this the ex
perience will stand them in good stead
chould they take the examination for
engineer.
A meeting of the Fire and Civil Ser
vice Commissioners and the board of
examiners will be held some day next
week to arrange the scope of .the ex
amination. The questions will bear
on the general knowledge of the du
ties of the engineers who handle lire
engines. The salary is $112 50 per
month.
The Civil Service Commission is
making active preparations to hold an
examination for engineers of the Fire
Department. A board of examiners,
consisting: of E. W. Tucker, George
W. Fairchild and D. J. O'Brien, has
been appointed to conduct the exam
ination. Tucker and Fairchild are
manufacturing engineers and O'Brien
is a member of the Stationary Engin
eers' Union.
Civil Service Board Selects Exami
to Conduct Test for Fire De
partment Positions.
PREPARING TO rtOLD AN
ENGINEERS' EXAMINATION
The Board -Of Works yesterday or
dered an investigation to be made in
to the complaint of Henry H. Whitely
relative to a resolution of intention
adopted by the board requiring that
stone." curbs and bituminous pavement
be laid on Broadway, between
BakT and Broderick streets. Whitely
states that there must be a mistake
in the order as the entire block has
been bituminized and other work done
at a cost of $5000.
The Risdon Iron Works was granted
a temporary permit to erect a fence
along the center line of Twenty-second
street, from to Louisiana.
Delos Rector appealed to the board
for relief in a judgment obtained
against him for assessment for street
work done on Richland avenue. Rec
tor refused to pay the assessment of
$137 35, but when the judgment was
obtained he deposited the money with
the Bureau of Streets, which turned
it over to the contractor. Now the
latter wants the full amount of the
judgment, including attorney's fees
and costs of court. Attorney Gart
land was instructed to investigate the
matter.
Board of Works Hears Complaint of
n. U. Whitely Relative to Pro
posed Improvement.
ORDERS STREET WORK
THAT WAS ALREADY DONE
REIS' ESTATK APPRAISED — The estate
of the late John O'N«il Reia was appraised
yesterday at $27^,646. ¦' It : consists principally
of rt-alty. improved and unimproved, in this
ar.d nfJshborins: counties. ¦. ¦•.--
; M. A. Schellenberg." 338 Golden Gate;
avenue, swore to a complaint before-.
Police Judge Fritz yesterday charging
Walter E. Reed" with the crime of for-:
gery- Schellenberg alleges that he and j
Reed . had been living together at 338 j
Golden Gate avenue. Reed learned that
Schellenberg had money on deposit in j
the Hibernia Bank. In the cours^ of j
conversation Reed drevir' from Schellen- |
berg that it was a rule of the bank tot
obtain from the depositor the name'of
his mother. Reed learned the name of j
Schellenberg's mother. j
"* Complainant further alleges that on I
Monday last Reed, broke open his .
trunk, stole his bank book and. took U*
to the bank. Reed was asked the usual j
questions, including the one as to the I.
name of his mother, and he answered
them readily. He withdrew $45 and
signed the book in Schellenberg's name.
Schellonberg's suspicions were aroused
by finding slips of paper bearing imita
tions of his signature. He looked in
his . trunk, found his bank book was
missing.- hurried to the bank and '
learned the trick that had been played \
upon him. % i
The Schellenberg signature made by !
Reed in the book in the bank is said to
be a very poor imitation. The bank ¦
officials are taking an active interest in :
the case and will assist in the prosecu- '>
tion of Reed, who has taken refuge in!
flight. - !
The well-known man of letters says
that at the time of the trouble in
China he was approached by Hearst's
agents and solicited to go to the Orient
as a special war correspondent. After
arriving at a • full understanding
as to the duties expected of
him and the compensation to be
paid him, he consented. The agree
ment as to services and salary, he says,
was as explicit and unmistakable In its
terms as he knew how to make it, and
he undertook the mission in confidence
that the representations and promises
would be carried out both in spirit and
in the letter.
In due time the poet sailed for the
East and shortly thereafter Hearst's
newspapers began the simultaneous
publication of his letters from China.
Miller spent three months or more
in this work. Up to date, it is said,
he has received only $500 on account
thereof. This Is something less than
half the expenses he incurred.
For the balance due under the
terms of his contract he is
about to bring suit against the million
aire newspaper owner. His attorney
is John G. Jur>\ himself a poet of no
mean standing.
Mr. Jury was disinclined to talk of
the case last evening, saying: "Mr.
Miller placed the matter in my hands
only this morning and I have hardly
had time to look over the papers. I
believe he has a valid cause of action
against Hearst, who has paid him only
a fraction of his expenses and noth
ing for services. I have no doubt we
shall recover the full amount to be
sued for."
Boxer outbreak "of 1900.
Joaquin Miller, the venerable poet
of the Sierras, came over to San Fran
cisco yesterday from his home among
the Piedmont hills for two purposes —
to meet Thomas Nelson Page, the
celebrated Southern novelist, at^ the
Bohemian Club, and to sue William
Randolph Heamt for $3000 alleged to be
overdue for services rendered to
Hearst's newspapers on a contract as
correspondent in China during the
Fugitive Said. to Have Stolen
a Deposit Book and With
drawn Coin From Bank
Total Paid to Date Only
$500. or Less Than Half
the Aged Poet's Expenses
SAYS HE HAD CONTKACT
ACCUSED MAX LEVANTS
Fourteen male vagrants in various
stages of sartorial dilapidation were
ranged before his Honor Fritz as the
result of the first " spring rodeo of
"waterfront bums." Patrolman Dow
er, who directed the round-up, told
how he had found the defendants
asleep upon and under wharves, In
empty boxes and buildings, packed
away amid cargo, in coal bunker? —
almost everywhere except, in bed.-
Then the Judge requested that the
old offenders be picked out from the
first-timers, and when the sifting pro
cess had been concluded the debu
tantes were given twenty-four hours
apiece and the 'chronics were sen
tenced to terms of imprisonment
ranging from one to three months.
"The Idea of you gentlemen cling-
Dr. Chu Dan Yuen, than whom no
medico in Chinatown enjoys more lu
crative practice, was hastening along,
Jackson street to visit an, opulent pa
tient when he ran afoul of Mike Ze
peda, who addressed him with foul
words and slapped his- face. Arrest
of Mike..
Dr. Yuen informed Judge Cabaniss
that the assault was unprovoked and
the defendant was unable to give rea
8on for iL He did not admire the doc
tor's costume, he said, nor did he en
tirely approve of the way in- which
the voluminous silken skirts were
swung as the doctor walked. It was
the swishing of these garments against
SI ike's leg that impelled him to tell
the doctor what he thought of him
and finally to slap the Celestial's
cheek.
"Ten days," said the Judge.
• • »
. Police Captain Dunleavy was walk
ing along Market street when he saw
F. M. Crossley, a . teamster, brutally
beating a horse with the butt-end of
a heavy whip and the veteran officer
placed the man under arrest.
"The horse has the lying-down
habit." said Oossley in defense of his
conduct, "and he was about to squat
•*hen I poked him in the ribs with the
whip." .
Judge Fritz fined him $2 50.
• • •
When the facts had been explained
to Judge Fritz he dismissed the charge
against Brown and continued the case
of Seaver till to-day. If he had not
been intoxicated, Mr. Seaver says, he
would not have stolen the horse and
buggy and Mr. Brown thinks that Mr.
Seaver owes him at least an apology.
Frank Brown was loitering in a
barroom at Sutter and Devisadero
streets when Frank Seaver, whom he
did not know, entered the place, stated
that Iw had a fast horse attached to
a swell buggy and invited Brown to
take a ride. Acceptance of the invi
tation resulted in the arrest of both
Brown and Seaver for larceny of the
"ris"." it having been taken by Seaver
without its owner's consent.
« • •
Mrs. Hattie Johnson made her tare-
S well appearance as a complainant te
i fore Judge Mogan. Her performances
i in that tribunal have been effective,
j Michael, her husband, was given twelve
I months' Imprisonment for ill-treating
! her, and yesterday Mrs. Delia Greehy,
i who assaulted her in the courtroom
j last Saturday, was fined $10" for bat
! tery- Mrs. Johnson has announced in
j tention of transferring herself to Pc-rt
: land. Or.
The Judge allowed the woman to go
. free, and instructed Patrolman Math
j ewson to continue his chase of Alfonso
| until the elusive youth is captured and
charged with vagrancy.
In the court of Judge Mogan there
came finis to the many chaptered ro
mance in which La bra da Morales, aetat
35, and Alfonso Flores, in middle teens,
were the principal characters.
The woman was arrested about six
weeks ago and booked ~ for vagrancy
on complaint of Flores' mere, who de
clared that her son Alfonso had been
virtually abducted by the defendant
and kept away from the maternal roof.
The boy was called to testify, but ne
failed to respond, and then began his
pursuit by Patrolman Mathewson. w ho
appeared in court once a week and re
ported inability to capture. It was
the officer's latest admission of failure
that led to the shelving of the case
yesterday.
When the policeman had reported
progress Labrada addressed the court,
stating that she had decided to plead
guilty and take punishment, because
her heart had undergone a change of
sentiment in the matter of Alfonso.
Dearly as she loved him once, she said,
he does not now possess even the dim
shadow of her affection. Why- Be
cause he intensified her trouble by
blackmailing her after she had been
arrested fer his sake. Instead of sup
porting her with loyalty In her hour
of need he had threatened to appear
in court and corroborate his mother's
testimony if his silence were not pur
chased. She submitted to his extor
tion until her love an' her money were
exhausted. New she cast herself upon
the mercy of the court.
• It was philanthropy that prompted
John Cramer to remove Mrs. Maggie
Ashman from the City and County
Hospital to his home, 435% Tehama
street, and place her in his wife's
care. It was Insatiable craving for
spirituous liquor that led Mrs. Ashman
to treat her benefactors with the basest
ingratitude. She stole from Mrs.
Cramer a diamond ring valued at $50
and a wedding ring intrinsically worth
$7 and pawned them for 75 cents, which
she spent for whisky.
That was the story told to Judge
Conlan, and the accused did not deny
it. She seemed repentant enough, but
it is doubtful -whether she had recov
ered her senses sufficiently to appre
ciate the baseness of her behavior. The
grarnd larceny charge was fully proved,
and the Judge's purpose in continuing
the case till to-morrow was to con
sider how he could best treat the fallen
creature.
Mrs. Ashman was the wife of a well
to-do and respectable citizen, when her
Incurable appetite for drink compelled
him to divorce her. Continued dissipa
tion led to her entering the hospital,
and it was with a hope of reforming
her by guardianship and kind treat
ment that the Cramers took her to
their home.
"It "was the bad booze that I drank."
was the answer, "and I suddenly be
came imbued with a desire to swear
off. Then I hurled the bottle.
. "I'll give you till May 13 to pay for
the signboard," was the court's de
cision.
• "I plead guilfy, your Honor," said
Gorman to Judge Mogan, "and I will
pay for all I broke."
•'But why did ypu break anything?"
inquired the Judge.
After he had consumed about a pint
of cheap whisky James Gorman took
careful aim with the bottle that had
contained it and hurled it through
the highly ornamental signboard of a.
Kearny-street saloon.
Thomas Fallon, who shot and killed
his wife in her apartment on Mission
street, was examined before Judge
Conlan and held without ball to an
swer for murder in the Superior Court.
W. L. Ward, who assaulted William
Cluff in a playhouse one night about
two weeks ago,- has been adjudged in
sane . by the Lunacy Commissioners
and yesterday Judge Mogan allowed
him to be taken in custody by rela
tives, who said they will send him to
a sanitarium at Boca.
«T' ¦ * ' •
Margaret Ferriter, a widow with
four small children, refused to sell a
drink of whisky to Patrolman J. Mad
den, In plain attire, but she did sell to
him a small flask of the spirit for 15
cents. Then he arrested her for sell
ing liquor without a license in her lit
tle grocery on Xatoma street-'^-
After hearing, the testimony Judge
Mogan dismissed the charge and ad
vised the woman to procure a liquor
license if she desired to sell intoxi
cants. She applied for a permit, she
said, but the number of saloons on the
block now exceeds the legal . maxi
mum. ,_ . . . : .
Three months In the County Jail was
the df)s«> prescribed by Judge Mogan
for William Cox, who - maliciously
hurled a brick through the plate-glass
window of a safe deposit' vault. After
throwing the missile William expressed
regret. that. he had not inflicted $10,000
worth of damage. "You talk like an
anarchist, and as an anarchist you
should be treated," said the Judge.
"Sorry I can't give' you more than
three months."
Mary A. Reardon holds a lease on
the -two-sto'ry frame building num
bered 242 Minna street. She occupies
the second story and the ftxst floor ia
subrented to one Murray, who therein
sells liquors at retail. For some unex
plained reason Mrs. Reardon suddenly
became afflicted with strong aversion
to Murray and r his customers and
showed it in such a demonstrative way
that she was arrested for disturbing
the peace. . .
Mr. Murray was the complaining wit
ress against Mrs. Reardon before
Judge Fritz." and he cited enough ob
jectionable behavior on the pnrt of the
lady to warrant the court in pro
nouncing her guilty and deferring sen
tence till to-day. Among acts men
tioned by Mr. Z»Iurray were that of
maligning his character to mutual ac
quaintances, spilling water upon hi?
patrons as they entered or departed
from the saloon, hurling garbage at the
same targets and addressing them In
language that was not, to say the
least, ladylike. ...;/- .
• Mrs. Reardon did not plead that her
conduct was inspired by abrupt con
version to temperance and correspond
ing abhorrence of the liquor traffic. In
deed she did not plead at all.
Frank Buckley, young and impulsive,
lost, his bicycle Ia3t" January, and day
before yesterday he swore to a com
plaint charein- Georce Curran with
the theft. Curran produced a bill of
sale to substantiate his assertion that
he purchased the machine from: a man
named Goodman in Golden Gate Park,
and then Judge Mogan' discharged him
and roundly; scored the complainant
for his impetuosity. •
"It you had gone to the defendant
and told him that the bicycle had been
stolen he would probably have satis
fied you that he was not the thief."
said the Judge, "and your conduct in
getting him arrested wa3 Inexcusable.
Too many irregular and Insufficient
complaints come before this court, and
I hope more care will be esercised by
the ""»»•.- in entertaining them."
ing to the city's close confines while
smiling nature beckons you to hit the
pike that leads to " rural . delights is
beyond my comprehension," said his
Honor, grazing longingly at the sun
light that poured through a window
and bathed the tattered horde arrayed
before the bench.
"Poet of the Sierras" Will
Seek to Eecover $3000
for Boxer War Letters
31. A. Scliellenberg Secures
i - Warrant for the ; Arrest
of ills Former Koommate
They Remove Her From the City and County Hospital to
Their Home, Hoping to Reform Her by Kind Treatment,
and She Steals Two Rings Worth $55 and Pawns Them
WOMAN ROBS BENEFACTORS
TO GET MONEY FOR DRINK
CHARGES REED
WITH FORGERY
JOAQUIN MILLER
TO SUE HEARST
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY. . APRIL; 14, 11)04.
9
OULUmDl A mm T&m
LAST 4 NIGHTS.
MAT1XEE SAT. LAST TlilE SCXDAT.
Id Her Greatest Musical Ccniedy Success :
MAM y SELLE NAPOLEON
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY.
"T LJ CT And Company of
I I 1 |_ ; Sevrntjr-two People in
" " " *~ the Musical Comedy.
FOUR Running
CO HAMS for Office
SEATS HOW READY. .
ALCAZAR
General Man.is-r.
TO-NIGHT— MAT. SAT. AND SXTN.
Branson Howard's Comedy Drama.
Aristocracy
A Comedy Depicting Society In
San Francisco, London and New Yoric
"MADE A BIG HIT."— Pest. | "
Ev«r.. 23c to 75c; Mats. fat.« Son.. SSc to SOo.
Next Monday — The- Brilliant Comedy.
THE FRISKY MRS. JOHN3ON.
By Clyde Fitch. . f-
•,- :; : -.-¦ ¦ ; ¦ _ . ?
Id l« 8 j aijfl MAYER*
Market street, near Eigbth. Pboce. SoutS iii,
TO-NIGHT— ALL THI3 WEEK.
MATIXEES SATIT.DAT AND SCXDAT. I
The Powerful Sensational Melodrama, j ,
IN THE HANDS
OF THE ENEMY
f\ r" f" Panorama of South American Sceaeal
V I I Toe Gold Mines of Bolivia:
\ r I" ' TferllUnK -Escape From Prison!
LlLL Battle for Lifa in Ruined Monastery!
Wfc " . A Great 'Play and a BrillUnt Cut: «
DDTfCC Evenlnja. 10c. to 50c * \
-I AlWLO Matlsees 10c.. 13c 55c
I - Next— THE WHITE SQUADRON.
MAJESTIC THEATER
MARKET ST ...OPP. LARK IN
OPENING MONDAY, APRIL jfci
ISABEL IRVING
CDirection JAMES K. HACKETT.J
In "Winston Churchill** ¦ Play. -
"THE CRISIS";
SEAT SALE THURSDAY AT SHERMAN.
. CLAY &. CO.*S. _
PRIZES— U SO. <1. 50c: box seats. $2. ,
______ . ____________________
Ki7-i-CIaia Specialties Every -Afteraee«
ul £Trat-r h the Tie»t«r." •
¦ .'''¦¦¦¦ ______ ¦ '*•¦¦ ¦ ¦ fc i
•
GALA AMATEUR PERFORM >NC_J
___ConcIndlns With-— - • - .
' iNEW LIVING PIC f USES .
Taka'a Ride otT the MINIATURE ELEC-
.' -TRIC RAIt-ROAD-
VISIT CABARET DE LA MORT.
ADMISSION.. r....".I0c | CHILDREN.-.-.:-*
When Phoning Aak for -.Tlat Cbatea." r_|-
'- __TSCn*_VLAKXOTJS . AM U RJlW«jj* T8» ¦•• ¦
EIGHTH ANNUAL
E>pg Show
- OF THE
SariFrancisco Kennel Club
...MECHANICS' PAVILION... •
Widnisd'ai. ITiarsday. Frfdai aacf Sitiriii,
• APRIL 13. !*• -I* .«-— 1<3 -
- Pacific Cat Club's show or. Friday aad _u~
n-d*y IA ». m. to 1O:» p. m. 9E_B
ADULTS. 30c: CHILDREN. -Da.
AJgUmUPSHTS.
GRANDSe
ONLY MATIXEE SATURDAY.
LAST THREE NIOHTS.
MRS. FISKB
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY MATINEE.
A DOLL'S HOUSE
Preceded by "A. BIT OF OLD CHELSEA."
To-iMorrow Night— Hedda Gabler
Saturday Night- FAREWE^ .<£ SKE
Act Hi— Hedda Gabler
Act II. — Divorcons
Act I— A Doll's House
"*, And. by Special Request,
ActlY.-Tessof the D'Urbervilles
j . • _;
Beg. Next Sanday Matinee
KOLB AND DILL
BARNEY BERNARD
WINFIELD BLAKE
MAUDE AMBER
HOPE AND EMERSON
HOITY-TOITY
Prices, 15c, 25c. Me. 75c. Scats this morning.
CALIFORNIA
XflB The farce that hai« made millions Bjjjt.
JiVlcFADDEN'sl
1 ...FLATS... I
y Don't misa the "Yellow Kids." fun- E
J3 nteat little fellows yoa have ever seen. I
H America' • Favorite Actress. / j
a NEXT SUNDAY, g|
1ROSE COQHLAN a
In Her Latest Success. fl
THE GREATEST THING IN THE ¦
W . WORLD.. ¦
A Bis Banner Bill!
The Fonr Mortons; Edmund Day and
Company; Ellis- Xowlan Trio; Flo
AcUer.and Orpheum Motion Pic-
tures. Last times of Blind Tom:
Four Welsons; Omar and Margina.
and James II. Callen.
i Regular matJneea every Wednesdajr, Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sanday. Prices. 10c. 25c
: and 50c. ; :^3@j '"
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY
TONIGHT
EVERY. NIGHT-
i Millocker*» Delightful Comic Opera
I lilt, BRILLIANT
nrppin triumpm.
DLUUHu received with
STUDENT J ENT^sfASM.
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— C3c. 60c. 75c
Box and Mezzanine Seats. II. CO.
Jeii PredBeiiai—i RUWAWAT 61RL '
DID IT I STRIKE
-EVE RsipPib,YO tl ::-.
' * That «» offer exceptional ' and delightful
- - ¦» eruslcal comedies?
. COMET AKD^SEB ,
- -0.Th* . like ' has ' not ' been - sees '. be*e.>'~; ,"'-*
Remarkable fun. music, specialties.
,. NEXT MONDAY. April* 18, ,
Upturn to r^a.1 fun, \\* *
v'^OHOWfOHOW. 11
V An uproariously funny burlesque.
April 28— A. O. r. The*t«r Purtr.
CUT BfflPRICES
For the most stylish productions of the season, 25 to 33
per cent reduction in prices on our'TAILOR SUITS, JACK-
ETS and SKIRTS, which at all times.-and under all circum- j
stances are better made and
LOWER PRICED TBAN ANYWHERE
Tailor Suits Jackets and Skirts
Only the very newest style, Black Silk Blouse, satin Iin-
at CUT RATE PRICES. ed> lace trimmed . special vaIue
Novelty Eton Suits; they a t $10.00. Cut Rate.... $8 50
are exceptional value at $17.50.
Cut Rate . 7 $1 250 White Novelty Coats, Cut
\r > u-r -1 c * • Rate $1000, $12-50, $1500
Modish Tailor Suits, in nov- , viwv»v».
elty mixtures, handsomely Silk Armure- Skirts, with
trimmed; the best $25.00 gar- taffeta silk drop skirts, hand-
ment in the city. somely trimmed; regular
Cut Rate $17-50 P rice $20.00. Cut Rate. $14-00
Our $30.00 Novelty Etamine Stylish Etamine Skirts with
Suits in brown, navy and black silk drop skirts. Cut Rate. : . .
Cut'Rate ........... .$2250 $1250 and $1&00
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET-
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
flaa Cobbler iSe*t: /s >strong
; and Atrndjonc. Extraordinary qftr.
Don't let this great opportun-
ity pass unheeded. We've other I
! * great things to offer also.
A. B. Smith Co. -
128-133 Ellis St., Above Powell
r IN FAr?TS /^ INVALID^^
TRA3C \' '-"•!"': «*-Jt*C MAAK *
Small babies quidkly grow to j
large babies when fed on Mel- !
lin's Food. Mellin's Food
furnishes material for growth.
A sample of Mellin's Food costs you nothing
but the asking. Will yon not then a*k fot
it for your baby's sake ?
MELLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON. MAPS-
Pfllan* D0NT PAIL TO
1 diaWW iee the beaatifol
, j COURT Lounjinj
/{ fifl room, the EMPIRE
auu PARLOR, th*
r « PALM ROOM, th*
it ran fl louis xv par.
ui aim LOR^ and the LA-
H i.^1^ DIES ' WRITINO
Racing .'^^^^fiacinT!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB,
Radns Each Week Da ; Rain or Shin*.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:13 p/m. sharp.
' . For special trains stopping at the track t&ka
6. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at li 12:3u.
1:00. 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking Ia last two
cars, which art reserved . for • ladles and their
escorts. _' '~': u r.- : .y\ :.¦ ¦' -/>v: .--¦: 'r-'. ¦-;
¦•¦ Returnlr.c - trains ¦. leave track < at 4 :X0 ao4
4 :43" and immed lately after - the * last race.
THOMAS H. -WILLIAMS, Pruldea'b
'FERCT W. TREAT. Secretary.
ansCTXiiAyBOUs AMtrsiranarrs. ¦
Schumann - Heink
FAREWELL NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
"" '.-.: .¦¦ ¦ AT. 2:30.-;' .." ..' ' ¦¦'
I- TIVOLI . OPERA i HOUSE
" POPXJLAR^PBICES-^1.'-$1 50.
SKATS AT SHERMAJ^HCLAY^^CO/B.,
BASEBALL!
Oakla ricl '¦ vs. :; S eatt I e;
.'AT; RECREATION PARK. ~\
. Eighth I and I Harrtaon i atreets.
THURSDAY and FRIDAT.'.8u"» p. m.
SATURDAY ..V. 3:COp. m-
sunday ,•¦• • .;v.".:'.r:rrrr:T.-T.2:3o p. m.-: -
LADIES' /DAYS, TO-DAY and FRIDAY.
-Advance ' sal* of seau at 5 Stockton street.
ABYEKTISOIEirra.
I B. KATSGHINSK1 1
I Philadelphia Shoe Co. • U
| 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO |
S Adjoining- Call B-UUs*. fcj
I Why We Can Sell
I Shoes Cheapsr Than
I Our Competitors.'
H w _9 ur s!joe Prices have always I
Rl been the lowest quoted in this »
a city. We have aimed to give b^t- H
a ter values than could be boupht |
, elsewhere, and our great volume |
W of business has enabled \is to buy R
2 in such large quantities that sp«- E
n cial inducements were given us, R
y and we. In turn, gave our custom- fi
Jl era the benefit of our close buy- Lf
tj Just tx» prove it: Ladies' M
,| Vici Kid One-Str_p Sandals, with Q
|3 bow; plain coin tots, turned soles H
3 and leather heels, offered at SOe. H
H Sixes 2^ to 8; widths B to EEL y
I Reduced in Price. I
m Seasonable. stylish footwear 9
S FTeatly reduced In price. Ladies* 1
ra Vici Kid La»-e Shoes, with hi^h |
| wave vamps and dull kid Quarters. I
I attractive soles and patent leather §
U tips, pliable soles and Cuban heels. G
I Our price only $].7O. Sizes 2^ 9
S to 8; widths A to EE. g
H 'i
| Children's Fine Shoes. 1
n Children's Button and Lace Vici K
I Kid Shoes, with black cloth tops. E
j coin toes a.nd tips, turned soles m
j and spring heels. Seduced to ,'Uc ffi
la a pair. Regular price $1.00. Sizes ¦
H « to 8; widths B to D. and nunu- M
M faeture<i by Willlains. Hoyt 6c Co. |
t} COKST SALVE FBEE. R
ft We are sole agents for Wil- H
jj sonn Sanitary Corn and Bunion 9
II Killer, and to prove its worth we B
B are R-i\-ing sample boxes fre« of M
f| charge. Tr>' it before you buy It. m
I B. KATSCHINSKI
J2 Philadelphia Shoe Co.
0 10 TEZBI) ST. Saa Fr__dsco. '
Otfc*-r» ai-e f-!<>a»«J vriih ray ECoOafc De- ;
v»icr,ln*r and Prictlng. If yoa Bead n:e a ;
trUJ order you'll be pleased, aleo. t£*B& ia
an order to-day, ily pr;cp« are lower than :
tho«e cf acy ere eUe in the tnwtoeas. j
Here axe a Jew aparw:
DE\'ELOPIN<}.
Roll cf 6 — 10c RoU of 12— 15c
PRINTING.
Soiio Cnieh. 3c to 5c: V«lox fislah, 3c to «c. I
Camerac of all kinds repair** at easy ;
price*. All popular elxes cf daylight loail-
tBf filcia at popalar price*. Mail Order*
promptly filled.
IOO25£k N E ?5O<fri
COPBCCT T>T-v».C5 *NO «>iZt«. A«_SO
THAT MAN PITTS
1008 Market Street JS^A
: —i
LAUNDRY TALK
among our cuctnmers ie all in praise of
our work, and their testimony simply
adds further proof to what we have al-
ways asserted that we can and do do a
clas« of laundry work that is jn finitely
fcuperior to any other, because we pay
close attention to every detail.
No saw r<igcs.
UNITED STATES LAUNDBY,
1004 X&SnT ETEEET.
Telepfcon* Sontli 430.
A\ j fl IVi t\ moved. Htmlth rostond.
t* \J ¦ ¦¦1*1 »" Ho tOOf* . Qf H»y
L»UivtLl p.'harold hates.
IITEEKXY CAIX, ?1.00 FEB YEAB.
POSTTJM CEEEAL.
CUTOFF '
THE ROBBER
' COFFEE
Keeps you half fll quit 10 days
POSTUM
¦ and note change in healthF1E.LD : SPANIELS. \
<idl awards • withheld.
' Novice, -dogs-^First,' William' Bay's Mike B;
second. Charles W. Oak's v Teddy.: Open, i doge—
First; '-William Wattson's Champion Dennis C:
second. -- W. H. "- Williams' >.¦¦ Rob«rt i ' Emmett;
third, -'.William. Bay's Mike B/ Winners,, dogs-
First, ¦-. William Wattson's Champion I Dennis ( C;
re*f rve, ; W. - II. Williams' "..'• Robert r. Emmett.
Open,: bitches— First. • James E. « Splnk's Flora
doi-a. Winners, bitches — First, James- E.'
Splnk's Floradera. ;¦ ; .;: ,--..¦ - ...-¦( ,
CLUMBER ' SPANIELS.
First, G. D. ' Boyd'u Beech' Grove Dick.
irish Water spaniels.
. Field trial, dogs— First, J. * E. Terrj-'n • Kil
garif. Field trial, bitches— First. J.-E.-. Terry's
Lady. Tevis trophy— First, 'J. E. Terry's. Kll
garif; reserve, J.E., Terry's Lady.
Cuenln s . Juno Sing; all other awards* with
held. Novice, dogs and hitches— All awards
withheld. ;- Limit, dogs and bitches— First." Mrs.
A. A. ! not s Dick.' Open, dogs V and bitches—
First.; Dr. Fred • P. Clark's * Homestead Boy:
second. A. Stuart's Doc. v Winners, dogs ; and
bitches — First, Dr. Fred P. Clark's Homestead
Boy; reserve, Mrs. A. A.Rol's Dick. ¦ . ¦ s •
- FIELD 1*RIAL DOGS. <
WINFIELD, Kans., April 13.— A lo
cal passenger train southbound oil the
Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
way was dera'led to-day twenty miles
east of here by the spreading of the
rails. The baggage, smoker and two
chair cars were thrown down an em
bankment and completely turned over.
Five passengers were injured, none fa
tally. -VS .¦;>?;;;".
Santa Fe Train Derailed.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Bianci & McGovern. turned Horton
6ver to McCafferty yesterday.
Twenty-two books cut in yesterday,
an increase of one. A. J. Levy, who
chalked up prices at Los Angeles to
no advantage was the newcomer.;.
Previous to the racing a match race
at a quarter of a mile for $20 a side
was decided between the polo pony
Becky and Dora J. Joe Jones rode
Becky and she won in a gallop. Time,
' Bright Moon, a starter in the first
race and owned by Garland & Mitchell,
had . a leg broken and was later de
stroyed. . ' -
PROBABLE WINNERS.
First Race — Nonle, Crigli, Zenonian.
Second Race — Bill Short, Velna,
Howard Vance.
Tliird Race— Modder, St. Winni
fride, Amasa.
Fourth Race — Ada X, Isabellita, Ul
truda. *
Fifth Race — Flaneur, Lurene, Sir
Preston. ¦ ... S'.>\---Sv > ;--'
Sixtli Race— Telephone, Northwest,
George Berry. ' •¦:¦:<'- j
Three Killed by an Explosion.
OKLAHOMA CITY; O.T;, April 13.
News has reached here that {¦ three
men were killed by an explosion -of
dynamite at a construction camp
thirty miles southeast '¦ of "Muskogee,
I. T., on the Midland Valley Railroad.
Details are not learned. •.
Abouti the* only- starter; in ( the mile
and a furlongi* selling ' number, to re
ceive : any, strong j support' was Col;?An^
derson, r : the >8 to 5 choice:^ He] was 1 rid-^
den v by.'t Bonner .;. and \wprii easily r frem
lllowaho ; and Col. >.Van. \.With ,a ; com-'
petent:- rider ; up the" latter horse' could
ha*ve done; better.^ ... . ' -
J* After van I extended doze :>, Ananias
awukenedwitha start,^defeating Gate
way and Military;; Man' for," the fifth,"' a
six-furlong -purse 'run.'-. Gateway closed
an even money chance and .with com-
Splendid \yeather and an extremely,
good racing card attracted a ; large at-^
tendance. v Some' excellent sport re
sulted, Avith ' first choices holding their
own by capturing three events. • '
» Billy, CahlU'8 big brown horse ' Sweet
Tooth wiped' up. the; floor .with the col
lection lining up in; the opening sprint.
He was played down to 6 to 5 and with
"Big Bill" Knapp up won airthe way.
Solinus.^at 10 to 1, downed Nellie Bawn
forthe place. ;^ " f .
; Peggy 'O'Neil from Bob Smith's sta
blegave the hot foot to>a smart, bunch
of youngsters in the kindergarten
"event at , half 'a mile." * The -T Mist ¥ en
joyed first call-in -the betting, , but was
slow "in leaving- the v barrier, and
Knapp had ; to take' the overland route
Tan unplaced.; Larsen, on Peggy
O'Neil, :' slipped', away -.in Tithe; lead; and
at the end; downed George P. McNear
cleverly. ,.; Albert finished u* third.
Arisbe failed to: show her" b«st form,
at no time looking dangerous. ; v;
COL. ANDERSON FANCIED.
By this time R. -Wilson had Byron
Rose in the lead and in a driving fin
ish earned a nose verdict over. Joe
Jones on Gorgalette, another 25 ;to 1
shot. Our. Bessie, at the.. soothing price
of* 10 to,. 1, , dropped in third. / Bonner
fell so far out of the running that the
colored boy must have thought he was
driving a delivery wagon. His exhibi
tion was such: a ; thrilling one '-' and
fraught -.with so ; much danger that the
judges \ decided j to suspend - him. Bon
ner's;riding-hasibeen the cause for
much comment of date, and the action
of the -officials -has been expected for
some; days. V : : ; ,•'-;•.".•'.'¦. ;¦' '¦¦ '¦"¦¦¦: '
..For possibly three-quarters of a
mile Mansard*, piloted by Otis, cut out
the pace. He must have struqk a float
ing mine then, for; he blew up and
¦with a frightful roar and gurgle dropr
ped back to the rear.
BYRON' ROSE LEADS. *
The price about the winner was not
lengthy either. If it had been any
longer it would have looked too much
like a bargain,and nobody would have
made a purchase/There was some 50
and of course there was the one keen
eyed individual who saw 75, but the
most likely price seemed to be 25 and
30. All the" curbstone brokers picked
up the IV to 5 against Mansard until
8 to 5 was the ruling quotation. There
was seemingly no demand for Ben
MacDhui, ,the odds floating back from
8 to 5 to ."4< and 5.
Shades of Petaluma and Whiskers!
Byron Rose from the same up-country
town, planted his nose a head in front
of Gorgalette for the "mile and fifty
yards handicap yesterday at Oakland
track.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First race— Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up; selling. '-.W .
5560 Lady Rowell '(Boots) ..1C5
petent handling could not have lest.
See clung to the rail position and after
being, cut off two or three times lost
to Anaofas by less than a length. Mili
tary Man ran a fair third. There was
some 12 to 1 about the winner, which
was gobbled up by. members of the
Cherry Pickers' Union. * . .
Illilouon looked the surest bet of the
day and Billy Randall's* gelding took
the concluding mile selling run quite
easily. H?s odds were pounded down
from 2 to 1 -to 6 to 5 and with Jed
Lewis on his back he passed Olympian
on the back stretch and- came in aix
lengths ahead of Carone.l. Laocoon rail
third. ...
Limit, bitches— First, J. H. Rosseter*s May
Hempttead. Open, bitches — First, J. II. Ros
neter'a May Hempstead. Winners. bltche.e —
Fir«t. J. H. Rossetcr'-i 1 Msy Hcmpstead. Novice,
dogs — First. S. A. Cummlngs' Crockett Boy.
Limit, dogs— First. J. H. Rosseter's Rocker;
second. J. II. Roitseter's Roman Athlete. Open,
dogs — First, .T. H. Rosseter's Rocker; second
J. H. Rosseter's Roman Athlete. Winners,
GRETHOUNDS
Puppy doge — First. Mrs. D. O. DruCel's
1 Canute; second. 6. Barnett's Jumbo: third,
i John Rauch's Tom. Novipe dogs — First, Miss
Ktta Miller Schrock's Beauty. Limit dogs —
Kinst. John L. Cunningham's Ruy Bias; sec
ond. Mrs. Arthur W. Spear's Lord Glanvlllc;
third. Mrs. S. B&rnett's Nero. Or>en dogs^ —
First, Mr?. L. S. Adams Jr.'s Rupert of Hent
zau; eecond, John L. Cunningham's Ray Bias;
third. Mr*. Arthur W. Spear's Lord Glanville."
reserve. Mrs. S. Barnett's Nero. Winners,
degs — First. Mrs. L. S. Adams Jr.'s Rupert of
Kefitzau; reserve. John L. Cunningham's Ruy
Bias. Puppy bitches — First, Mrs. C. G. Saxe's
Princess Harlequin; second. Drewer, Simpson
& Niehaus' Carla II. Novice bitches — First.
Mn. C. G. Saxc'b Princess Harlequin: second.
j Dresser. Simr>son & Niehaus' Poeen Princess;
I third. Mrs. J. F. Fitzgerald's Queen F; re
wrvc. John L» Cunningham's Cunningham's
Carmencita. i.5mit, bitches — First. John L.
! Cunningham's Orlotta; second, Mrs. J. F.
! Fitzgerald's Queen F. Open, bitches— First,
tO. Bergsten's Maud E; second. Dresser. Sirap
; son & Niehaus' Flora.; third. John L. Cunnhig-
J ham's Cunningham's Carlotta: reserve. Mrs.
j J. F. Fltzge raid' i^ Queen F. Winner*, bitches
j — First. Mrs. C G. Raxe's Princess Harlequin;
reserve. O. B«?rssten's Maud S. '
GREAT DANES
hifcMy commended. August F. Cfcamot's Tzar.
Winner*. Jogs — First, Charles Newman's Cham
pion L«ster; reserve, W. Wallace's Le King.
Puppy, dogs— First, Allen Macl^ougall's Teddy
Roosevelt Purpy. bitches — All awards with
held. Novice, bitches — First, A. L. Hamilton's
«Jolden Fairy; Ktond, M. Coleman's Cuba.
Limit, bltchef! — First, Fatley & Matthews'
Que^n Bess; eccond, F. F. I^ueck's Cascade.
Open, bitches— First Fatley & Matthews'
l^ady Melba. Winners, bitches— First, A. L.
Hamilton's Golden Fain': reserve, Fatley &
Matthews' Qu«en Bes*.
Puppy, dogs ' and bitches — First," Emilo F.
Puppy, dogs — First, Francis . T. Keane's
Terry M. Jr.. Novice, dogs — First, Joe King's
Brian Bora; second. Egbert G«orges'i Steinway
Jack; third. J. J. IClapperich's Rodger. Limit,
dogs— First. F. E. Johnson's Toronto Pat; sec
ond, E. S: Georges'r Steinway Jack; third, J.'.T.
Klapperich's Rodger. " Open, dogs— First. A. B.
Truman's Champion Mike- Swivcller. .Winners,
dogs — First. Joe King's Brian - Boru : I reserve,
A. B. .-• Truman's Champion :• Mike Swiveller.
Puppy, bitches First, _ Francis T. . Keane's
Kathleen. Novice.' bitches— First, I Francis •; T.
Keane's Lady .Glenmore; • second, ; Robert
Miller's Diana* M." Limit,- bitches— First; '= Mrs.
Howard - Black's Llfcdy. Josle , II; < second, » P. , J.
HlgglnK* - Lady Lucy. Open. ¦ bitches — First,
Mrs. Hnw«rd . Rlark's Lady Josie- II; .second,
A. B. -Truman's ;Sapho.' Winners. ; bitches —
First, Mm. Howard : Black's Lady Josie. II; re
serve.- A; B. Truman's Sapho. •¦¦ ' .
GORDON SETTERS. -, -
IRISH SETTERS
Puppies, dogs' — First. E. W. Moultcn's Palo
Alto; pecond, Mrs. Ida "L. Moulton's Pope;
third, George Dupuy's Major E; reserve, . Puer!
WilkerFOn's Warte • Nlcht: very highly , com
mthded, >V. T. Wood's Rods Bub; commended,
Thomas Irving's Jack. Novice, dogB — First,
C. D. Carman's Wad: second, Joe Broder's
Starr; third, J. K. Terry's Kllgarif preserve,
Frank C. SchwEteln's Leon; 1 very highly
commended. Puerl Wllkergon'e Warte 'Nlcht;
\-ery highly commended. W. J. Baughn's Fair
land Dude: highly commended, ' H. B. Gardi
ner's Cato: highly commended. R. J. Raetz's
Harvey. Limit, dogs — First. C. D. Carman's
,Wad; eecond, W. J. Baughn's Falrland Dude;
third, W. H. Jammer! 1 Hardy; reserve, A." B.
TYuman's Wig- Wag; highly commended,
Charles Easton's Dewey; commended/Payne
L. Shatter's Star White.
Open, dogs— First. John M. Golobeek's Cato
Jr.; second, William Feige's Champion
Buckxva: third, J. E. Terry's Kllgarif; reserve,
W. J. Baughn's Falrland Dude; very highly
commended, H. B. Gardiper's Cato. Winners,
dogs — Firtt. ¦ John ' M. Golobeck's Oato Jr.; re
serve, William Feige's Champion , Buckwa.
Puppy, bitches — First, C. L. Griffith's
Feathers: all oth«r awards withheld. Novice,
bitchen — First, H. Eisner's Fanchon ; second,
Mr*. H. H.' Brown's- Dot Cummlngs; third,
Mr*.- L A. Broder's Arrow. Limit, bitches —
First. Un. II., H. Brown's Dot Cummlngs;
second, S. -Barnett's Theodora Gladstone.
Open, bitches— First, C. C. I^ee's Laura L;
second, J. E. Terry'* Lady. Winners, bitches —
Flr^t, C. C; Lee's Laura L; , reser\ - e, ; H. Eis
ner's Fanchon.- ' -
ENGLISH SETTERS
Puppy dogs — First, Allen McDougall's Tick;
second. Dresser. Simpson & Niehaus' Duke of
Poeen: third. W. L. Purcel's Point.. Novice
dogs — First W. B. Coutts' Bang Up; second.
W. B. Coutts' Glen Rose; third John Nledt's
Sport; reserve. William Higby'e Duke; very
highly commended, Thomas Klapinskl's Duke
K. Limit doge, under 55 pounds — First, E.
Courtney Ford's Boston; second, Ed. ¦ ' D.
Westie's Bras*y Mack; third, P. Lapachet's
Marquis: reserve, William Higby's Duke: very
highly commended. H. B. Gardner's Flash;
highly commended. Sydney Hamilton's Lady
Ruffles. Limit doge, over 55 pounds — First, Dr.
D. Shoemaker's Rap Rattler. Open, dogs, un
der 55 pounds — First, E. Courtney Kord'e Bos
ton; second. "VV. B. Coutts' Glen Rose; third,
Sydney Hamilton's Lady Ruffles. Open, dogs,
over 55 pounds — First Dr. D. Shoemaker's Rip
Rattler. Winners, dogs — First, E. Courtney
Ford's Boston; reserve, W. B. Coutts' Bang
Up. Puppies, bitches — First, Dresser, Slmp
ton & Niehaus' Posen Queen. Novice, bitches
— First. Dr. Edmcnd PUres' Puttie of Kent:
other awards withheld. Limit, bitches, over
SO pounds^-First,- J. E. Lucas' Oregon Jessie.
Winners' bitches — First J. E. Lucas' Oregon
Jessie; reserve. Dresser, Simpson & Niehaus'
PoFen Queen,
Puppy, dogs— First, Mrs. J. J. Killalee's Don
Carlos. Novice, dogs;— First, C. H. Shaw's
Bob'; «>eon<L Henry B'. Tickner*s Tick. Limit,
degs — First/ 'William Berg's Crowder; second,
C. H. Shaw'F Bob. Opt-n, dogs — First. W. M.
Berg's Crowder; second, C. H. Shaw's Bob.
Winners, dogE — First, W. M. Berg'E Crowder;
reserve, C. H, Shaw's Rob. Novice, bitches —
First W. S. Kittle's Rose; second, C. H.
Shaw's Bess. Limit, bitches — First. W. S.
Klttle's ro*e; Eecond. C. H. Shaw's Bess.
Open, bitches — First, W. S. Klttle's Rose;
second, C. H. Shaw's Bess. Winners, bitches —
First, W. S. Kittle's Rose; reserve, C. H.
Shaw's Bess.
POINTERS.
AMERICAN FOXHOUNDS
dogs — First. J. H. Rosseter's Rocker; reserve,
8. A. Cumminfcs' Crockett Boy.
I TAVO DOGS WHICH CARRIED OFF THE HIGHEST HONORS IN THEIR HE
1 SPECTIVE CLASSES YESTERDAY UNDER JUDGE JAMES MORTIMER AT
! EIGHTH ANNUAL. EXHIBITION OF SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL CLUB. I
OAICLAWD EiCETEAOK- WEDNESDAY, April 13.— Weather fine. Track fast.
C021. FIRST RACE— Six and a half furlongs; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index] Horse and Owner. Wt St. %. 14. %. Str. Fin. I JocWj °P- cl 
tT.43. Sweet Tooth, (i (\V. Cahlll). . 114 3 ... 11 11 12 12 Knapp 6-5 6-5
' »n00 Solinus. 5 <L. I^vy)... ....... Ill 8 ... 5 1^5 h S 3 2 «i J. T. Shehn ¦ « 10
W5O4 Nellie Bawn. 5 (McCabe).... 10!» 8 fi3 4 n 4 1.4 3 1'^ Everson ... •*» "«
i;53<> Ulondura t (F. Devin). ...... 10i| 4 ... 3 n 32 3 1>$* n J. Lewis... o(» *0
V,29i The Counselor 4 (Clifford Co.) 1GS 10 ... 9 h 9 19 2 » Vi Heavner .. . lOO lw
•Jl!.t5 rntroductor. 0 <T. H. Ryan).. 114 5 .. . 2 21J2 3»-i2 n «2 Vlckery ... M p
»!592 H P Cane. 4(J. Green)..... 103 9 ... 8 n 10 10 TV* Wright .... 20 .SO
"5S5S JThe Stewardess. 5 (Winter).. 1C0 11 ... 10 "718 1V48 3 J. Jones.... U l- :
620S lExaminer. 4 (C. Wolfe)... . . . Ill 7 ... 7 1 8 h »i n 8 V, Otis -. * ?
372.-1 Call Kond 5 (Wood & G.).... Ill 2 ..." 4 14 6 4 7 P. Phillips. 100 10O
ftCDSi Bright Moon. 5 (Mitchell & G.) Ill 1 ... Cut down See 10 15
Time— :23&~48tt. 1:15U, 1:22U. At pest 1 minute. Off.at 2:15. Tooth place, 3-5; show,
1-3 Solinus. place. 3; show. 6-5. . Nellie Bawn. shew. tf. • Winner, br. h. by rac }-
Too Sweet. Trained by W. Cahlll. Scratched— Altura*. Dora I, Young Morello. Atnel
rose. Start! rood. AVon easily. Next two driving. Winner best. Introductor showed
a flash of epeed and then cashed In. Solinus wrll ridden. Nellie Bawn ran a good race.
Examiner very sore and no change.^ _Brlgln j^ogr^ hag^ a le « feroKen^arid^jiva^^aes^royea.
G022. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; purse; 2-year-olds; value to first. <325.
Index ' Horse and Owner. Wt St. M. Vj. 1i- Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(6597) Peggy O'Neil (R. A. Smith).. 107 3 ... 11 12 12 Larsen 3 5
66W George P. McNear (H. Stover) 113 0 ... ... 2^2321 See « »
6597 Albert Fir (M. Jones) ]108!-2 32 3 1%3 % Oti» « J
(CtiO3) The Mi.«t (W. H. Hammond)!llO| fi ... 53 4 2 4 1^ Knapp S-S Xo
6545 Arisbe (Napa Stock- Farm). ..|1J5| 4 4n 5 3 5 5 Bonner .... 6 •»
6SS7 Lady Nlnora (J.B. Harris).. 100 1 « 2 « n «2 W Dugan. 100 20"
e60.< Sta Air (T. McLaughlin)..... ill5 8 8 "1 T 4 Hoi brook .. 10 ijj
6790 Ding Dong (Elmwood S. F.).|lOe 7- ... . .. 7 ?; 8 8 |\ lckery •••j__°^__^Y
Time— :24, :4SVi. . At, rost 1% mir.uTis. OfTTt 2:32. Peggy, place, 0-5: show. 7-10.
McNear place, 2 ; K show. 4-5. Fir, show, 1. Winnei. b. f. by King Wllliam-Cleodorn
Trained' by R. A,' Smith . Scratched— Pirelia. Start straRgllr.g. A\ on cleverly. Nest
\ three driving. Peggy O'Neil Is fast and. had clear sailing. McNear ran hla race, so
1 did Albert Fir., The Mist away poorly and compelled t 0 go the overland route. ArisDe
not at her best. Sea Air can do better. -^^. -^ -
C62S. THIRD RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to^ first. $325.
Indosl .• Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. !<i. 14 . ?i . Str. P'in. | Jockey. | Op. Cl.
6223~ Col Anderson. 5 rE.Fitzgrld) 07J 4 4 1^4 2 3 4 lh 1 Hi Bonmr .... 8-5 8-5
CG12 lllowaho, S (H. Stover)...::, flsj 3 1 n 1 h 1 h 2 h 2 ?i Crosswalte I>-2 4
(6601) Col Van 0 <D. S. Fountain). 103 1 5 3 1 2 2^.2 1 3 2^3 2»i W. Dugan. 5 <
M95 II O'U 5 (C. W. Chappelle).. 100 fi 5n B % 4 3 4 3 4 2^. Reed 4 6
661R Canejo. a. (Kirk & Co.). . . . . .1103 2 0 Hid 2^5 n 53 5 1 T Sinnott . . - . 20 •»
6595 Expedient, a (P. • E. Smith).. .IlOti 1-8 7 h 7 '4 •! 1 0 4 P. Phillips. 0 10
6593 Rio Shannon, a (Mrs. Coffey). 1 100 7 7 2^8 8 S 7 2 J. Jones.... 30
6018 Past Master. 4 (McAlester). ,|1U1 8 21 3 1 . ti 2 718 |J. Lewis... .0 30
Time— :24^i, :J0«i, 1:15»/,, 1:42, 1:55. At post 2Vi minutes. Off at 3:06!£. Anderson, place,
4-5; show, 2-5. lllowaho place. 8-5; show, 7-10. Van. show. i: Winner, b. g. by
Scorpio-Quintella. Trained by I. P. Fitzgerald. Scratched— Idogo. Start good. Won
easily. Next two driving hard. Winner well ridden and possibly best. lllowaho ran a
' clever race. Colonel. Van away none too well. I O U poorly ridden. Expedient ran
an Indifferent' race. ' - • ,-_'J-_ J ~- J> -- w^ < - <^- f> Ajj-N^v^^
6621. FOURTH RACE— One mile and 50 yards; handicap; 3-yr.-olds & up; to first. $500.
In^x I Horse and Owner. Twt* StTli . '* . *i . Str. Fin, j Jockey. OP- Cl.
W99~! Byron Rose. 0 (R. Wilson)...! »S 2 2 l y 2 V t 1 h 1 h 1 ns Ft. Wilson.. 20 25
C5S2 ICorgalette. 4 (J. D. FitV.grld) 100 3 3 3 :'¦ 1^2 2:lU2.2^[J. Jonea.... 20 2o
(;C0« (Our Bessie. 4 U.F.Xewman) . I 08 «^4h 5 >j 4 1 .1 1!W n [Knapp 10 8
ft'OO 'Divlna, 3 (El Primcro Stable)U10! 7 7 7 5 \\,\ n 1 ., IHee 4 7-
(653S)!Bcn MacDhul. (i (P. Ryan). ..112 l|6 % « "j 7 5 15 6 Bonnrr .... 8-5 -t
CtiCG JG. W. Trahern, 5 (Summers). |lC0| 4 fi »i 4 n 6 1 . « Hi J- T. Shehn 20 2<>
(CC07)|Man»ard. -t (E. J., Smithju .^.11121 5_ 1 l'jl 2^2 n 81 t [Otis 9-5 S-^
Time— •°4%" •A6v,~\Tu~ lAOiiTlTn. At post % minute. Off at .T:317i; Rose, place. 9;
show fi-2. Gorgalette. place, 8; show. 5-2. Bessie, show, «-5. Winner, ch. x. by Ducat-
Ko«e' of Magenta.. Trained by A. Wilson. Start good. Won In a hard drive of two.
Next two driving Byron Rose had a good pull in the weights and was untied to-day.
Oorgalette ran to form. Our Bessie is picking up. Dlvina can do better. Bonner took
MacDhui out of the race. Mansard, probably the nominee, stopped to a walk.
iUVZTi. FIFTH RACE — Six furlongs; purse; S-year-o'.ds; value to first. $325^ .
Index I "Horseand'ljwner. jWtSt. U- ¥i- .?« • Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
cJioFl Ananias (J. F. Schorr). ...... 112 4 ... |1:I W-lHl -n* .1 HMReed ...... B 10
0600} Gateway (T. W. Lottridge).. 110 6 ... 5 2H3-h 2 2V ? 2 Hi See .*.. 8-5 1
r.7flt iMUitary Man (Ferguson). ... 112 1 ... 4h 4h B '1JJ3 4 Cornell 5
Ott«0)!Rowcna (B. &. W.) 104 3 ... 3 1 2 h 4 >4 4 2», J. Jones.... Z, -5
.1017 ICreolc Jim ,(R. A. Smith).... im 7 ...62 6 7 « 8 o h Larsen .... ,10 10
riS"7 Dr ¦• Rowell' (Blaslngamc B.). 109 5 ... 2n 5 4 .In OS Crosswaite 10 13
6174 The Hawaiian (McCafferty). .1109 .2 7n 7 1 7 4 7 5 Bonner 20 .,0
C122 IHannahTan (Wntworth fc L.)|101 S ... S 8 8 8 Holbrook .. CO 150
Time -"3^: TTs'i 1:1H4- At post 1 minute. Off at 3:5.0'^. Ananias, place. 4; show,
'8-5" Gateway '. place. 1-2; show, out: Man. show. 4-5. Winner, ch. c. by Ocean View-
Veracious Trained by J. F. Schorr. Scratched— Dusty Millar. Start good. Won in 1
drive of three . Judging from h's preceding race. Ananias is a colt that likes to handle
weight See mannged to get pocketed -with Gateway on stretch turn or he would have
won. Rowena tired. Military Man will Improve. Creole Jim ran disappointingly. Dr.
- . rtowell can Co better. _^_^_^_^_^_^ !C-o-»^-^~-^^>^-wvj-^T^-v^^wrT-rw-w^-^>w--^
G620.' 8IXTH RACE— One mile; selling; 3-yeaV- olds and up; value to first. $325.
Index Horse. and Owner. IWt St. »i. «i. Str. Fin. j Jockey. Op. Cl.
iemS) Illilouon 0 (W.'D Randall). 1102 2'221?4 12 1 2^1 6 jj. Lewis... 8-5 7-5
6583 Caronal. 4 (C. W. Chappelle)U07 5 0 >4 7 3*45 V, 6 10 2 ns Stuart 5-2 13-5
6669 Laocoon. 3 (Mrs. Coffey) |102 « 7 h 4 2 % 2 n :$ IV. Knapp 12 12
660S Golden Light. <J <McCafrerty).iJ01 4 4 n 3 14 -3 % 3 4 2 Bonnrr .... 4 »
BCCS ISolon a (T- II Ryan) .1101 7 8. fin 4 2 41 58 J. Jones 10 20
T.71 Hocm *l (Photo Stable)...... 05J 3 .8 % 5 % « G 5 •% « 8 Crosswaite 8 15
6571 Red C. Nurse. 3 (D. A. Ross), flu 8 5h 8 7 7-7 Holbrook .. 8 30
C509 Olympian. 0 (J. F. Schorr).... 104 1 1 1 1^2 fr Bled [Reed...... 10 15
TIme -nr;i/ -4o.v 1-15 l:J0?i. At pnst> 2 minutes. Off at 4:26. Illilouon, plac«, 1-2; show,
out" Caro'nal "place." 4-5; show. 2-5. Laocoon. show. S-5. Winner, ch. g. by Tlger-
Gvi>sette Trained by W. D. Randall. Scratched — Telephone. Start good. Won easily.
Xext two ¦ driving Winner best. Caronal came from far back. Laocoon ran a clever
race. Golden Light bothered at start; later on gave it up. Solon outfooted. Hoceo
outclassed. v ; ¦ . . '' . ¦ . ' ¦¦
P.outrh coated novice, dog? — First. Mir. A. !>.
Strauwi' Marcu* Xflson; f»roTJd. Mrs. Teresa
M. Meloney's Alia Chevalier; thhd. Sydney
Ackerm«n'K Gl^nwood Booze: reserve. Autrurt
F". OhPimn's Tzar: very highly commended.
A. B: Fat Icy and Matthews' King LJon: £om
irt€nd*>3. Cme« P. SilW's Dewnr. Mr*. P.
Barnett'B Colnnrl Mosbv. Limit, doffs — First.
Mr*. A. L. Strauss' Marcus Nelton: second.
Mi-f. T«>r«Ea M. Mftloney's Alta Chevalier;
third. S'.Isb Clara Moffafs Gothard; reserve.
AupuFt F. Chamot'* Tzar; commended. Ernsst
P. £llb*r'« D»wey. F. F. L.ueck'8 AArgan. Open,
<Jcg* — Firai, Charles Newman's Champion Les
fpr C; eeoond. %V. Wallace's Le King; third,
Mr*. A. L. StrauFs 1 Marcus Xelson; reserve.
Mre. Teresa M. Maloriey's Alta Chevalier: very
BLOODHOUNDS
-All atvsrds withheld
ST. BERNARDS.
Open. <!r.p* — First. W. E. Meek's Ka!i»r';
teonfl. Mrs. ¦vTllliem Dean*** B<*au Montez.
Op»n. l)!trh»5 — Fiirt prize. Dresser. Simpson
A Keihaus' Duclio"=>» of iv>s«>n.
MASTIFFS
A constant stream of visitors flowed
Jnto the pavilion durinpr the afternoon.
In the evening there was a fashionable
crush, many of the daintily gowned
ladies having their pets among the
dogs benched. The complete list of
awards made yesterday follows:
The tny dogrs proved a magnet to
draw the ladies and children to the
south side of the pavilion. One of the
terriers occupied a kennel the walls of
which were covered with yellow satin.
The kennel was illuminated with elec
tric lights, and at a distance loomed up
like a lighthouse. The ouarters of
others were bcribboned and beflowered
as the artistic taste of the owners dic
tated.
In pointers E. Courtney Ford's Bos
ton, which won at Chicago last year. J
beat Rap Rattler. The latter was
placed first among pointers by Judge
Roper at the last show.
. The battle of the St. Bernards be
tween Le King and Lester C was re
sumed yesterday, the latter winning.
Judge Cole placed Le King first in last
vinter's show, to the surprise of the
experts.
The most Interesting part of the
judging will take place this afternoon,
¦when the grand collection of bull ter
riere and fox terriers will parade be
fore Judge Mortimer. Of the fox ter
riers Charles K. Harley has a formid
able string of imported dogs and of
dogs bred by himself, which have been
winning on the Eastern circuit and in
England. His string was one of the
.sensations of the show last night, each
<iosr being clothed in an artistic blanket.
The Boston terriers are strong, both j
in numbers and in quality. W. H.
Iteming is showing a white terrier, the
only one on the coast. !
The man or the woman who loves a .
<Jog: cannot afford to miss the annual
exhibition of the San Francisco Ken
rel Club, which was thrown open to
the public yesterday at Mechanics* Pa- j
vilion. The show is remarkably rich i
in Quality, and all the breeds from the {
huge SL Bernard to the tiniest of toy
terriers are well represented.
Judge Mortimer is kind enough to
Ray that there are dogs benched in the
Pavilion which would win in any show
ing in the world. The English setters.
the aristocrats of the kennels, are
a particularly strong class, and are
pronounced the best ever seen here.
Cato Jr.. which won last year, won
ajsrain yesterday, thus earning the
title of champion. "Dad" Moulton's I
Palo Alto carried off the honors in the j
puppy class, Mrs. Moulton's Pope be- j
ing placed second. Judge Mortimer j
predicts that Palo Alto will develop ¦
into a good dog during .the next year.
Base hits— Off Schock 7. off Hall 1. Stolen
base — Dunleavy. Errors — Devereaux, C. Hall,
Schock, Brashear, Dclehanty 2. . Two- base
hits — Lohman. Brashear, Delehanty, Wilson,
Devereaux. Mohler. Sacrifice hits — Dunleavy.
Devereaux. Strcib, Kruger. First base on
errors — Oakland 2. First base on called balls
— Oft Moskiman 2. off Schock S. oft Hall 4.
Left on bases — Oakland 8. Seattle 9." Struck
out— By Moskiman 2,. by Schock 2, by Hall 2.
Double plays — Mobler to Brashear; Smith to
Brashear; Frisk to Hall. Time of game— 2
hours 35 minutes. Umpire — Cramer.
SUMMARY.
Seattle 0 0 1 1 0 0 2 1 1—6
Base hits .... 0 0 3 2 10 5 2 2 — 15
Oakland 1 O 40 20 0 4 x — 11
Base hits 0 021 12 11 x — 8
, Totals.40 (3 15 24 16
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB.R. H. P.A.! AB.R. H. P.A.
Ganly. rf.4 110 2 VnHn. cf.4 2- 2 0*
Frncks, m.S 2 12 1 Mohlr, 2b..% 1 3 5 3
Krugr. K.4 3 2 2 1 Smith, rf.5 0 111
Dnlvy, cf.l 10 0 0 Frisk, If ..5 0 3 2 1
Schfly, 2b.2 2 0 0 4 Hall. s...fi 0 0 2 5
Strcib.lb 3 1 0*i:{ 4 Brshr, lb.5 2 2 8 1
Dvnt. 3b.4 1.23 4 Dlhty. 3b.4 0 1 21
Lohmn.c 5 0 14 O.Wilson, c.4 1 .1-4.3
Mskmn. p.4 0 13 3 Schock, p.3 0 2 0 1
¦ — IC.Hall. p.O 0 0 0 0
Totals.29 11 8 27 19 ' — . —
Schock did nothing but treat bats
men to bases on balls and when he
had succeeded in filling up the bases
some one generally, clouted the leather
out to the flagpole and then the whole
bunch would trot in. This sort, of thing
wenCon for seven innings, though the
fans fairly begged Parke Wilson to
take his ponderous 'joke- but of the
box and put in some one who could and
would put a ball over the plate. Finally
young Mr. Hair was trotted out. He
proved so nervous and so rattled that
he passed four in a row and allowed
a two-bagger.
Seattle hit .Moskiman *all over the
lot. but the best they grot was six runs.
They ran bases like a bunch of hay
balers. In the seventh round five of
them fell on the offerings of the med
ical man and yet only two runs
showed. All the way through it was
something like that and though the
fans were for the northerners to a
man, the latter refused to be encour
aged to victory.
When the players could not delay
the game in any other way they gen
erally started at Umpire Cramer anii
roasted him for fair, although he um
pired an excellent quality of ball. The
wholo show was, awful and the kind
that' keeps people away from the bail
park. By winning. , Oakland Jumped
into the lead and If everything goes
right they will remain there for: some
time. The score: x
Oakland — f Seattle —
'Twas a Schocklng exhibition/that
baseball game that was decided yes
terday at Recreation Park. So shock
ing -was Mr. Schock that he shocked
everything with, which he came in con
tact. He shocked the game away be
fore it was many minutes long,' but
anyhow, it dragged along and broke a
record, ending after two wears hours
and thirty weary minutes. Score: Oak
land, 11; Seattle, 6..
If Mr. Schock ever attempts to pitch
ball here again there will be a rough
house. When he loomed up on that
mound yesterday as big as a house
and commenced to throw 'em up to
the plate the fans were on to him and
they were not slow in 'inviting him to
take to the bushy districts. But • he
stayed— stayed so long that the game
became n tragedy instead of a comedy.
He gave the worst -exhibition of any
pitcher who ever toed the ; mountain
at Recreation Park. He shocked thn
fans so badly that most of them made
their getaways early. .He shocked his
team mates to such an extent that
they were unable to stop a 'ball if it
happened to be hit. He shocked Um
pire Dave Cramer till the latter forgot
to call strikes when thoy came over
the plate. . . . .
Potencia (Smith) -• 1£*
65KG »Crigli (GruwellJ Jg
fitait) The Lieutenant (Stover) i »J
KMiS *Bassenzo (Walz Sc Co.) • »•
651S 'Myrtle H (Mrs. Hertzell) 1<*>
KX15 Moalta (Shannon) *»
fiHll '.Pachuca <Xapa Stock Farm) 85
t3Se Bell Reed (Stanfleld) 102
KSM Zenonian (Martin) » »"
0260 IS'onte (Garden City Stable). , NW
«607 Gondolus (Jeunesa) 103
titHO Koyal White (Lowry) W"
5559 Gottieiben (Schreiber> W
€578 Box Elder (Moran) 07
5500 'Oscar Tolte (Klunder) 100
Second ¦ race— Half a mile; tw*-y»ar-olds:
selling.
tH-'3 Dixelle (McCafferty) 102
6."il8 Kmily Callahan (Humphrey) 102
6818 'Bill Short (Dobson) ....105
5979 Sea Voyage (Miller) 102
r.."i;7 San Jose (Summers) ........105
K« HmK Don? (Boots) 110
C610 Velna (Van Gordon) W2
€531 Vel <Shaw) 107
«507 'XelJ Sullivan (Spratt) 07
6315 Edgecliff ( Judge) 102
C531 Howard Vance (Fitzgerald) 105
Bill Mies Tonopah (Washoe Stable). 103
Third race — Five and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and up; selling;
C520 Batldor (Fine) .". 107
: 5808 Olendennlns (Hammond) ...1C7
6573 'Inspector Munro (Fox) 05
(&>&0Kiesca , (McLaughlin) U5
«J1 Amam (Rowley) 107
(5595 Our Pride (Howe Stable) 107
6362 'Argot (Rich) 95
5806 'Waterspout (Smith) 02
5091 Gladys Belle (Coffey) 105
6596 'Rustic Girl (Fitzgerald) 100
€51)6 Pencil Me (Mounce) 107
6580 Hlrtie (Xeal) ' 1C5
»MjO2 Modd«»r (Buckholtz) ...../107
(Wit St. Winnifrlde (Painter) 1105
K30S 'Algareta (Murray) loo
€617 Orchan (Edgewood Farm) 97
Fourth race— One mile and seventy yards;
four-year-olds and upward; sellinz:
5432 'Ultruda (Kirk & Co.) 103
6(n* Mocorlto (Wellman) ...100
KH12 •laabelllta. (McNamara) 04
6604 'The Fretter (O'Rourke) lOrt
C*Ot Billy Moore (Rector) li)5
661S 'Watklna Overton (Knebelkamp) 0*5
6472 Mr. Dingle (Tierney) .V.'.lA
66C4 IdoRO (McCafferty) 103
6617 'Montana Peeress (Coffey) IWJ
€012 'Ada N* (Antrim Stable) .jW
Fifth race — Futurity course; four-year-olfs
and upward; selllnsr: j
WilS Kolllck (Jones) »l»J
(•.':!)« Flaneur (Bianchl & Co.) 1'<I
((WlO)'Lurene (Pritchard> l«»
(J568 Quiz II (McCafterty) till
JEW. Egyptian Princess <O"Raurke) H>s
Cr>KO Brennus Muiiee > ........11;;
•'."0" JHora I (Wellman) fcflS
6613 Skip Me (Madison) lit
6610 'Alice Carey (Boett?er) VXl
6542 Waterpower (Stover) .11.'!
6532 Sir Preston (Scharetg) AVI
6C15 Benlash (Jeuness) Ilu7
Sixth race — One mile; three-year-olds; sell
in-: v
(«T.M>Northv.-est ... # ..Kit
KWT Ebony (Hamilton Stable) l'H
C6firt 'George Bf rry ( Boettger) 10*
6612 'Anlrad (Coffey) ..; ,..»7
(r.3tl)*Telephone (Smith) • "...in?
6554 Jack Little (Fine) *..... ..1C3
MEMPHIS, Tenn.. April l3.«-There
was a bad spill in the first race to
day. Optional, the favorite, stumbled
and went down. Aubuchon, I\er Jockey,
passed under the hoofs of a large part
of the twelve other horses" in the race
and was carried from the track un
conscious. The latest report is to the
effect that his injuries will not provef
fatal. Results:
First race, six furlon**. felling — Taxman
won. Amorous second, I. Samirtlscn third.
Time, 1:17*4-
Second race, mile and seventy yards. seUlnr —
Louisville woe. Brooklyn second, Bri«r» third.
Time. 1:4S&. ¦
, Third race, four and a hair furlono— Bolosna
won. Philanthropist second. Pawtacktt third.
Time, :57&.
Fourth lace, mile and a slxteantb — Rough
and Tumble won. St. Tammany second. Niaxuj
third. Time, 1:65%.-
Filth race, mile and seventy yarfls. selling—
Falkland von, Spencerlan second. Censor third.
Time, 1:50.
Stxth race, six furlongs, selling; — Orfeo won,
I Benscnhurst second. Tom Crabb tUrd. Time,
1:16%;
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
_ ,, ' W.L.PC.! - , W.L..PC.
Oakland 13 6.722|Peaul« ...... 7 10.412
Los Angeles. 12 « .667 pan Francisco 7 11 .383
Tacorna U 6. W7 Portland .... 3 15.167
Oakland Stars Parade Over
the Plate and Jump Into
the. Lead by Winning' Out
Race. Which Cover3 the
Distance of Six Furlongs,
Is Won by £*kman
FANS HOWL AND JEER
EEXDERED UNCONSCIOUS
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Seattle's Ponderous Twirler
Makes Exhibition of Him
self in ' Fierce Contest
Aubuchon Is Thrown by Op
tional at Memphis Track
and Is Badly Injured
Gorgalette,- Another Rank Outsider, Finishes Second,
Beaten a Nose— Bonner Suspended for Weird Exhibi
tion on B^n MicDhui— Gateway Downed by Ananias
SCHOCK SHOCKS
THE GAME AWAY
HORSES GALLOP
OVER A JOCKEY
BYRON ROSE, AT LONG ODDS,
WINS HANDICAP AT OAKLAND
DOG SHOW OPENS AUSPICIOUSLY WITH A CLASSY LOT OF EXHIBITS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1904 . "*
Eighth Annual Exhibition . of San Francisco Kennel Club Attracts
a Notable Collection* of Canines of Aristocratic Lineage to the
Showring at Mechanics' Pavilion — Attendance Is a Large One
DOGS OF QUALITY PASS IN REVIEW
BEFORE JUDGE JAMES MORTIMER
10
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A Vile Disease |^
Contagious Blood Poison has wrecked more lives and \jC • ijSkJ
caused more misery aad suffering than all other diseases
combined. Some are inclined to treat it lightly, but these P^S^W'
soon learn that they have to deal with a powerful poison ,^§11^ L
that is slowly but surety breaking down the constitution, relp^'5 /¦&!*&
Contagious Blood Poison not only metes out punishment
to the one -who contracts it, but others may become inno- ililHiP 1 ' 1 '!!! rd
cent victims of this vile dis- _ _ _. t ¦ .'
«,Mtiim«^«Wt'ni» Tf ' OP T«»r« I vu troubled with th« most malig-
ease throngn innenlance. U ntLnt trj>9 O f chronic blood trouble. After trying
vour blood is tainted you may various other remedies 'without petting- any ben-
1: -. *^. rrnn 1 /.i«'Mr«.lMt eat » J w^»s induced by a friend who was cured ot a
live to see your children bat- conWtutioaal blood trouble, to take S. 8. S. A
tlinsf with the same disease — few bottles cured me permanently. I also con-
,,.,„,. *,»A dVWtr f«o^#»Tnic»r "Wer 8. S. 8. the best tonio ever made. While
puny and sickly, made miser- takinr it my weight increased and my health
able bv distrusting sores and improved in every way. S. A. WRIGHT, >
Skin eruptions. Under the 2 * 03 *errysvtlle Ave. Allegheny City, Pa.
mercury and potash treatment all signs of infection may disappear, but leave
off these minerals and you soon find out the poison is still alive and you are
just as bad off as ever. S. S. S. is the only antidote for Contagious Blood
S_ -til— Poison. It destroys the virus completely without
/>^ fcT^ injuring the system. It is a vegetable remedy, and
we offer $1,000 for proof that it contains a single
h^^J h^Dj mineral ingredient. S. S. S. not only works the poison
V^A out of the blood thoroughly, but restores vigor and
strength to all parts of the system.
Write for our special book on Contagious Blood Poison, describing the'
different stages and symptoms and containing much other interesting infor-
mation about tfvs most despicable of all diseases.
TH£ SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . / V'f^
% ' ¦':. ¦-.. y . " . ¦' s •
q • ,. . ' If you don't feel right I 9
S b^Siift /f~~\. -¦-- can. cure you with my Elec- Q
a y m '^" m^^. \f '\ r ' c Belt.. If you are weak. I q
*» /^«-^BS\a\ # C * \ ran make you strong. If you gm
g / s'/y? *^a \~ \ are full' of rheumatic pains. I
9 • tlHa&A I \ \ can k n° cJ < them out. I can J;
9 JlJwS^w *^l 1 \ pour oil into your Joints and J*
© "*\ \V \ Hmbor them up. I have ©
9 • YiPK^ I \ \ often said that pain and O
a ¦ Vv A r I \ electricity can't live In the 9
0 ;'. tfjjftt - j L v 1 'C S . mi __ f 1 1 same house, and I prove it- 0
9 f^wSy^ '''. _ ' ' '^~5^ with' chronic larae back for 5
© f^V/ \ V. *"^rs]<Ssi- -~sr^ years. I. am pl»ased to say that 9
® £©§$7. I *^^r*"" ''if. i?rifrf# »ft'r three months' us» of your ©
© EsSif I- w v v 'v jri^YsfnJ^r Et;t am corn P leleI " cured and 0
A W7 V^. • V^* > '/ smM£2rf%$£& If Jt were not for the ore- m
• nS la ill -I **jJSQffmt$lr Indies due'to the prreatnmn- m
» • 'sf /% v \\ l\il)^4 1_ 1iW!JiIW"_Ml ber ot fa^es In the land, Z ]
X I M^Vmw^'ti&mWWMmf ' mimnii i m 1 in •
© I JS^^JS^-^Stl IgaBSBgMRg^r^ the business that would •
O B come to me. The "Pree ©
¦• 1^ ' NBaKaMBgWSwBgSMBg^BCaBW Belt" fraud aad the "7ree •
9 fWSv nB3aaB8HWy --. Srtur" scheme, which are •
• t££ ; !£W \*?SF^$j9mBR3BHE*^ not free at all. have made #
5 foiglfiNw every one skeptical, but I 9
W ">»iZ> r • » ' thlnjr. and 111 hammer away 2
•,-.- • * . •¦:¦ '-.„.. untU yon know It. • J
• . One thing every ; man ought to know Is this: > four body Is a machine 5
• It is run by the steam in your blood and nerves. -When you begin to break •
• down in any way you are out of steam. That's just what I want . to . rive •
0 you back. ' W^SBSKBKBKaSBSEMBSk V ¦¦ - ••
¦ : ; Mr. John O'Brien, 1453 Fifth «t.. Oakland, \ Cal.. writes: I suffered Intensely from •
m very severe lumbago. ¦ Piasters and . medicine afforded ; no : relief. After using year #
'2 'B* 1^ for nine days my pains, were gone and I have been free from suffering ever since. £
-5 J.' '•>. I haTe a cure in* every town. Tell me where yon live and 111 give you s>
Z .the name of a man I've cnred.'a^aaaffl)iiil*TiyMJ|^"iliJTilpiJJIIOj|nBffrffli 5
m ' ; Tell. me your trouble and I'll tell, you honestly whether I can cure you S
T °r not. If I can't cv»e you; I don't. want your.money. I have been in this ,
m. business twentyrtwo 1 years, and am the biggest) man in It to-day by lonjr 2
® odds, and : I - am • growing yet,- because I . give every man all he pays for * *
© ; Now wouldn't you rather, wear my life-giving appliance while you sleep •
© ; every night and feel, its glowing warmth "pouring into you. and feel your- •
© self. taking on a new lease of life ;wlth each application, than to clog your' 9
0 .^Intestines up with* alot of nauseous drugs?,. Surely. , Try me. - h • - '" £
a '{ Mr.Jaine* Cuyler^Reno/Nev.; writes: I.have used your Electric Belt and caa A
a truthfully say that it has cured me of ; what was suppesed -to be a hopeless case of m
Z ~ lame back. 5; I amnowln perfect health and the credit is due to your treatment. Z
T ;>" If you will come and see me I'll; explain 1 - to you]*/ If -.you can't* calL let v
2 me send my, book, full of the things; a man finds*; inspiring to strength and 5
• courage. : Free if yousend^his ad.; . ' "' ; ; ¦. ¦ . •
5 DR. M. CV McLAUGH^
>Q >:_:¦-¦ - Office Hours— 8 a.' m. to 8 p. m.; Sundaye.ilO ,to"l.r'' •¦>'?.. ' ARRIVED./,
1 Wednesday, April. 13.
Nor rtmr Tellus, Arntzen,' S7 hours ¦' from
Ladysmith. - - ' '
- Stmr Despatch. Levinson, 65 hoars from Co
lumbia River. .
¦- Etmr Gm LooomLs, :Bridgett, 33 -hours from
Zledondo. :
Sh i pping Iritelligeiice.
LILLIAN HnALD REPORTED MISSING — I
V. W. Uston of 303 Jones street reported to }
the Coroaer yesterday that Lillian Heald of j
:ii5 Thirty-eevrnth i>tre<t. Oakland, had din- J
apr*ar*d./rorn home last Tuesday. . Miss Heald.!
Is 13 years olo. I
Are You Going East Tills Spring? !
If bo. you rhould take the Southern and
trnion Pacific tourist car for Chicago. It is'.
the direct roote and there Is no better way.)
Personally conducted pa/iles are being formed' :
for the St Louie Expedition. Call on or write
S. F. Booth. General Agent " U. P. R. R.. lj
Montgomery street. - •I
The barkentine • S. G. Wilder sailed yester
day for Honolulu with an assorted merchan
dise cargo valued at I19.007* and Including the
following: 700 bbln flour. 4Si!l ctls barley
-KIM) lbs bran. 1000 bales hay, 2*>7ctla wheat'
27 ctls oats, 250 ctls. corn, 29.0C5 lbs mid
dlings, »235 lbs b^an*. 20,0(10 lbi« rice, 14 875
lbs bread, 22.500 lbs salt. 11.000 lbn lard 3000
Ibx coffee 00 cs brandy, 25 cs vinegar, «9 bxa
apices, 60 en table Dreoaratlons, 2C0O lbs • to
bacco. 1C4 pkga pipe. 25 cs soap.
A Cargo for Honolulu.
Fremont ; Parlor Entertains.
Many, hundred people - found their
way, to Golden Gate Hall Tuesday, night
to attend the: "entertainment" given by
Fremont Parlor of , the Native ; Daugh
ters of the^ Golden West* in ; aid of its
fund for relief of 'the 'sick.': The
programme - included an instrumental
selection by an orchestra,; toe dahc-'
ing, by .Master- Montague ; . Barton,
comic": act by Frankie . Dakin ¦ and": her
Fremont - pickaninnies, ;' May Schef er,
Marie',; Riley, Alice* Dougherty, Mayme
Toorriey, Lillian Kiley, - Gertrude Dow
ling, Amelia . Bruzzone, Margaret
and Schultz and Clara" Meyer;
[vocal ; solo, Luke ; O'Brien. Following
Charters.
The sh'7 A: J. Ropes (at Honolulu) was char
ter«l prior to arrivel for eugar, thence to New
York.
The California* Northwestern Railway, the
picturesque ; route of California, will run one
of;, its popular . excursions ,to : Ukiah' ! Sunday,
April 24. , The fare will be« only $2; fort the
round trip. . Leav« Tlburon ferry, foot <jf Mar
ket street, at 8:30 a." m.,^ and on the return
leave Ukiah at 5 p. m. As is well known,. the
company ; looks j carefully ¦ after ; the comfort of
Us patrons on - these excursions and j no tickets
are sold, beyond the number of seats 'provided,
thus Insuring a seat' for everybody. . - •
Excursion to Ukiah.
.Mrs. O. T. Wilkinson, 1424»4>How-j
ard street, reported to the police yes- i
ter day. that a woman about twenty- !
eight years of age had stolen J2 25.* |
which had been on top of her, bureau.
Mrs. Wilkinson says that ehe" found;
the woman in her bedroom. The
woman said" she was ldoking for
housekeeping - rooms and when told
that' Mrs. ' Wilkinson had none to let
she left. The coin was missed a few
mfnutes later. Complaints of a simi-l
lar nature about the .same woman (
have been received. j
. - - ' ' «
Says Woman Stole Coin.
The barks Big Bonanza. Nicholas Thayer
and Himalaya and the chip M. P. Grace cleared
yesterday for Bristol Bay.
Water Front Notes.
The army eteamer General' McDowell yes
terday picked up a boat belonging to one cf
the' life-eavlsc stations.
The British ehlp Ellen A. Read, according
to a cablegram received yeeterday . f rom Lon
don, drifted from her moorings at Cairloch
Scotland, on Tuesday and stranded near Row
Point. She came o<t later and was towed to
Greenock.
Ashore. In Scotland.
Milton, Steinberg, one of the twin
sons of Samuel Steinberg^a junk ped
dler residing at; 23V£ ¦"¦.;¦ Morris avenue,
was * run over by a : scavenger wagon
and killed yesterday afternoon in front
of his parents' residence. , Louis Cav
agnuro, the driver, was arrested,' tak
en 1 to " the ; Southern police : station- and
booked for manslaughter.
The- child, 'who "was only two years
and three . months ' old, : was ,' playing,
wth his twin brother on the sidewalk
as the 'scavenger got up into his wag
on. : As the horse" started Cavagnaro
heard a scream and ; looking; back saw
little . Milton lying; near the curb, the
rear wheel of -the wagon;; having
passed over his > abdomen.- Mrs. Al
bert, a neighbor, took -the ; child ; in her
arms ' to ; Morgan's = drug^ store - at ¦ 401
Sixth .'street,-: where 'is was discovered
that life was -extinct. ' . "
Wheel of Scavenger Wagon Passes
I Over, Little Milton Steinberg's Body
, in Front of Ills Home." ' -', '
The British ship Westgate, which was driven
ashore in Richardson Bay and badly dam
ared during the bis southeaster, was towed
yesterday to the Union Iron Works to be re
paired.
AVestgate to Bo Repaired.
TWO-YEAR-OLD CHILD i ; ; ; v
RUX'.'.OViERVAXD KILLED
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chanu'- •¦ Exchange. ' San . Francisco, ' Cal.'.
April 13. 1004.
An accident to the Time Ball mechanism has
necessitated a temporary discontinuance of the
service. Further notice will be • given when
it'U put in order... J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. , U. S. N\. . in charge.
Time .Ball.
The schooner William Rentcn, which arrived
Tuesday from Fairhaven, was for four days
calling around outside the head* in company
wtth the pilot boats. With a towboat or
bttter luck in the way of a breeze at the end
of the passage she would have made the run
from port to port . in ten day*. She brcuzht
660,000 feet of lumber.
Outside for Four Days.
WARREX ELECTED CAPTAIN— Frank Y.\
arren was elected captain of Coronary F
I't?t Regiment. National Guard, last nipht
«tv*t Thortia* \V. <vwwllo, tht> present captain.
VVarren is we!l known in military circlen, hav
lng <nmnianqed Company F in the Philippines.
Judge ; Nenneth Jackson of Nevada,
who has been ; spending . a few weeks
in Texas,: returned last evening : with
his wife and; registered at the Palace.
V Grand.- E. r Berwlck'N>f Pacific Grove,
president ¦ of the Parcels Post League
of California, is at the Grand.
M. L. Hinman, who is identified with
the locomotive , works at Dunkirk." N. :
T., is at the Palace. V _ : ,'
Francis Cutting, a lawyer of Stock
ton, is at the Lick.
Peter Musto, a merchant of Stock
ton, is at the Grand.
Fred Pabst, son of the Milwaukee
brewer, is at the palace. ¦
J. O. Smith, a capitalist of Reno,
and his wife are at the Palace. •
Thomas Derby, a mining man of
New Almaden, is at the" Palace. .
William A. Junker, manager of the
Paso Robles Hotel, is at the Palace.
. William '-'Ellery, a woolen manufac
turer of- Boston, is at the St. Francis.
James A. Murray, a banker and
mining man of Montana, and his wife,
are at the Palace.
William A. Starin, a prominent res
ident of Chicago, and Mrs. Starin are
at the St. Francis.
PERSONAL.
- The Pacific Mall Company's new steamship,
Mongolia. Captain Hinder, which le.ft Norfolk,
Va.. fifty-four days ago' for this port, is at
Manzanllln. awaiting- the arrival there of the
China Commercial Company's steamer, Ching
Wo. The Chins Wo has on board the Mon
gclia'i Chinese crew, which will Join the Mon
golia at the Mexican port to avoid complica
tions with the United States authorities here.
The Monrotla arrived at Manzanlllo April 3.
Mongolia at Manznnillo.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority el
the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of ttde Is the same at both places.
THURSDAY. APRIL 14.
Sun rises '. 5:36
Sun s>ets .......6:44
Moon rises '.*. . .4:56 a. m.
B Tlmel Time Time (Time
p Ft.— Ft. Ft. I Ft.
f L WJ ! |H W| LW >>|H W
14 4:30 . 1.2110:58 4.S 4:30 1.5110:58 5.1
15 5:06 ' 0.8 11:40 ' 4.8 5:03 1.7J11:22 5.2
16 5:3S 0.5 12:24 4.7 5:38 2.0111:47 8 2
17 6:19 0.2 1:10 4.7 6:14 2.3....
|H W L W H W L W •'¦
18 O:1S 5.4 7:02 0.1 2:00 4.3 6:54 2.7
10 0:55-5.3 7:47 0.0 2:52 4.3 7:41 2.S
20 l:3S 5.3 8:40 0.0 3:50 4.3 8:37 3.1
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tldea
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides ot the
day in the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day * except when there are but three tides, aa
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and .then the number
given is subtracted from the depth f given by
the charts. The plane of reference ia the mean
of the lower low waters.
WASHINGTON', April 13.—Presi
dent Roosevelt to-day signed the bill
making an apporpriation of 5473.000
for the Lewis and Clark Exposition,
to be held next year at Portland, Ore.
To Senator Mitchell of Oregon, who
was present when the measure was
signed, the President gave the pen
with which he had appended his sig
nature. It will be placed in the ar
chives of thevOregon Historical So
ciety. >
I'rosidont Roosevelt Attaches Ills Sig
nature and I»resenu» Pen to Sena
tor Mitchell.
HILL FOR OREGON FAIR
APPROPRIATION SIGNED
The Pacific, Mail steamship San Jose
arrived from Panama late last night
and came to anchorage off the wharf,
the passengers being brought ashore
on a tug. The voyage was uneventful.
She brings S88 tons of miscellaneous
cargo and treasure valued at 527,900.
Following is a list of her cabin pas
sengers: Mrs. M, Kenney, Miss M.
Kenney. Miss P. Aitkin, C. A. Lundine,
C. H. Wentz. Alex. Nowell. Max Hints
zen. Lucius Rossiter, C M. Root, C. R.
King. Franklyn Booth and Lester
Sarle.
San Jo«e Arrives.
Sun, Moon and Title.
Sobieski is one of the famous pa
triots of the nineteenth century- His
father was executed by the Russians
during the uprising of 1846, after
which his mother fled with him to
England, where she died. He then
smuggled himself aboard an .' Ameri
can war vessel and came to this coun
try. Sobieski enlisted in the Union
army in the year 1861 and fought
through- the war. He later went to
Mexice, where he rendered his ser
vices to that country in fighting Max
imillian. ,
He was elected to the Minnesota
Legislature, for one term and since its
expiration has been on the lecture
platform.
¦Sobieski will leave fo» Ukiah and
Lake County after his meeting here.
Colonel John Sobieski, the last male
descendant of the Polish royal family,
will arrive in this city to-day and will
address the San Francisco Prohibition
Alliance at the W. C.T. U. headquar
ters, 132 McAllister street.*,
Last Heir to Fallen Throne Will Ar
rive in TIiIm City Some
Time To-day.
POLISH PRINCE WILL
TALK ON TEMPERANCE
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
liner Ventura, Captain Hayward, will
sail at S o'clock this evening for Hon
olulu and the Antipodes with a full
cargo and a large number of passen
gers. The Three Little Maids Thea
trical Company, on the way from Lon
don to Australia, .will take passage on
the steamship. At Honolulu the J. J.
Rial Dramatic Company will board
the Ventura for Australia. In addi
tion to the players will be a number
of distinguished colonials and many
tourists. Lieutenant and Mrs. H, E.
Parmenter will be passengers as far
as Pago Pago, to the United States
naval station at which place Lieuten
ant Parmenter has been assigned for
duty.
The late hour set for the Ventura's
departure was rendered necessary by
the late arrival at New York of the
British-Australian mall.
SHARPNESS— In port April 31—Fr : bark
Marguerite • Mirabaud. for Swansea and ' San
Francisco." -¦ *-"' •''¦ ; •"'. - '•¦-»'¦. \ "
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April ; 12—^r bark
Orion. . bence - Nev 1. ¦* -¦ ¦ . - . . ¦% .
USHANT— Passed - April , 12— Ger stmr Aby
dos,. hence Deo lp. : for Hambunt. ; . . -,
YOKOHAMA— Sailed March 27— Br stmr As
cot, for- : ~ ¦-¦ ' : - ,,'_' : --'- ¦¦¦¦,¦< ¦:.'¦¦ :¦•„„.•
-DOVER— Passed April' i— Ger stmr. Ramses,
from Hambura-,: for San Franciaco. ¦¦-'. . ¦
¦MAZATLAN— Arrived March 24— Ger stmr
Memphis,' hence Feb 27, and sailed for Ham-
TOPOLOBAMPO-^Arrlved 'April 11— Schr
Ottlllle FJcrd- hence March 18, via San Diego.
: GUAYMAS— Sailed -ADril 8— Scbr, Alert, for
Grays -Harbor."'. •':•; , , : '. ¦.' ••
MANZANILLO— Arrived /April S-^Stmr Mon :
HONGKONG— Arrived April 12— Br etmr
Empress of India, from Vancouver.
PORT: SAID— Arrived .April : 12— Br stmr
Calchas . from Clyde, for : Seattle, j April 13 —
Br utmr ¦• lndramayo, . from ; New ¦ York, ' for
Manila.. • . '. * >' ..'".::' .-r/r --„-'. .
FOREIGN PORTS.
NEW .TORK— Sailed April 12— Stmr City of
Washington, for. Colon.
EASTERN : PORTS.
HONOLULU — Passed April 12— Bktn James
Johnson, from Puget Sound,. for Shanghai; not
Annie Johnson. \ v -i- ...
Sailed - Asrfl . • 13— Stmr Alameda; for San
Francisco
ISLAND PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived April 12— Br stmr Misr-:
sourl, hence April 8; atmr Santa Barbara,
h«nce Axiril 9.
Sailed April 13 — Stmr Umatilla, for San
Francisco; stmr Cottase City, for Skagway;
fitmr Valencia, for Ekasrway.
Sailed Asrll 13— Stmr Montara, for San
Francisco.
Arrived Aaril 13— Stmr Senator, hence
April 0: rtmr Farallon, from ' Skagway.
SEATTLE — Arrived j Apr 13 — Stmr City of
Seattle, from Skagway.
REDONDO— Arrived April 13— Schr Mahu
kona. from Tacoma; schr Chas R Wilson, from
Grays Haibor.
Sailed April 13 — Schr Jas A Campbell, for
; stmr Centralia. for San Francisco. ' "
EUREKA — Arrived April 12— Stmr PhoenU,
hence Acril 11. April 13 — Etmr Lakme,
benco April 11. • ' -
Sailtd • Ar>ril 13— Stmr- Pomona, for San
FrandRCO. -¦ • '.:.' ¦'
EVERETT— Arrived April 13— Schr Wilbert
L Smith from Port Townsend. '¦ -
ASTORIA— Sailed April 13— Schr E B Jack
son, for San PetJro; schr J M Weatherwax, for
San Francisco, j)
TATOOSH— Paased out April 13 — Stmr
Mackinaw, for San Francisco. ' .
BANDON— Sailed April j 13 — Schr Advance,
for Sail Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed April 13— Bktn Makawell.
for San Francteco.- -V,
WESTPORT— Sailed April 13— Stmr West
port, for Ran Francisco.
SAN PEDRO — Sailed April 12— Schr Irene,
for Portland: schr Espada. for Port Townsend;
bktn John Smith, for Portland. .
Arrived April 13 — Stmr Ccntralia, from Re
dondo; »e:«r Ceceria Sudden, from Willapa
PORT- TOWNSEND— Sailed April 13 — Ger
bark Ecuador, for Queenstcwn. „ ¦-
BELLINGUAM BAY— Sailed April 13— Bktn
Portland, for San Pedro.- .,
ABERDEEN— Arrived Apr 13— Stmrs Santa
Monica and' W. H." Kruger. hence Apr O.
Sailed Apr 13— Schr Novelty.' for San Pedro.
DOMESTIC POUTS
March 21 — I-at 35 north, long- 43 west, Br
ship Forr*rt Hall, hence Dec 10 for Queens
town. • . *
March IS — Lat 0 south, long ai west, Br
bark Balasore. hence Nov 17 for Liverpool.
March 24— Lat 5 south, lonsr 33 west. Fr
bark Jane . Guillon. hence D«c 27 for Queens
town.
March 17 — Lat 12 south, long 36 . west, Br
ship Lauriston. from Tacoma for Queenstown.
. April 0 — Lat " l0 north, long 7 west. Br ship
Marlborough Hill, from Shields for San Fran
cisco. •
SPOKEN,
POINT LOBOS. April 13. 10 p m — Weather
foggy; wind south; velocity 6 miles per hour.
SAILED.
Wednesday. April 13.'
Stmr Bonita.' Gielow. San PetJro.
Stmr Eureka, Jes'sen. Eureka.
Stmr laqua. Jcnrenson, Eureka.
Stmr Spokane, Nopander, Eureka.'
Stmr Aleatraz, Carlson. .
Stmr Melville Dollar, Fossn, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Elizabeth, Jensen, Bandon.
Stmr Porno. Ahlin, Albion River.
Stmr Chehalis, Martin, Grays Harbor.
Stmr Chleo. Ma'rtin, Bandon.
Stmr Bee Wellman. Grays Harbor.
Ship Standard, Getchell. BriFtol Bay. *
Bark EuterDe. Swansen, Bristol Bay.
Fr bark Noemi. Le Heitart, Noumea.
Bark Sea Witch. MacLachan. Bristol Bay.
Bktn S O Wilder. Jackson. Honolulu.
Schr Ida A. Campbell. Point Reyes.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, Bollnas.
Schr Nokomis. Nlelson, Tacoma.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bod-ga.
Schr MIzpah, Wllkelmsen. Bristol Bay.
Schr Orient, Saunders, Grays Harbor.
Sehr Ida Schnauer, Moller, Astoria.
Schr Newark. Relnertson. Stewarts Point.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Wednesday, April 13.
Stmr Spokane. Nopander, Eureka; Pacific
Coast Steamship Company.
Simr State of California, Thomas. San DI
efro: Pacific Coast Steamship Comiany. -
Ship M P Grace, Jobsan. Bristal) Bay; North
Alaska. Salmon Company.
Bark Bl*r Bonanza, McAlmon. Bristol Bay;
Alaska Salmon Company.
Bark Himalaya, Thomsen, Bristol Bay;
Alaska Packer** Association. • - ¦: ¦'¦'¦'
Bktn S G Wilder. 'JaCfcson, Honolulu; Wil
liam*. Dimond & Co.
Nlcholan Tharer. Sparr, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
CLEARED
Stmr Snn Jose. Brown, 'Ji! days from Pan
ar.m, via an zatlan '5 day>.
Stmr Anro. Dunham, 23 hours from Eel
River.
Schr Glen, Peterson. 2 days from Mendocino.
Schr R. W. Bartlett, Nielsen, 10 days from
Redondo.
llmrloyers Refuse to Sicn Schedule of
Wa^es and They Walk Oat.
. A refusal of the wholesale leather
merchants to sign a schedule pre
sented to them by the Leather Work
ers' Union caused, a strike and a walk
out of about 150 workmen yesterday.
The schedule presented is the same
as the one accepted one year ac<i. but
to this the wholesalers object. They
want to reduce the wage schedule 20
per cent.
Th«- State Federation of Labor is
being strengthened by a number of
labor union*. State Organizer F. C.
AVhe^Ier in his last report listed the
following as new adjuncts to the fed
eration: musicians and barbers of
Stockton, soda and candle workers of
San Francisco. Labor Council of Fort
Bragg, Federal Labor Unions of Al
boin. Greenwood and Westport, Men
docino County, and Labor Council of
San Mateo County.
In labor circles it was reported that
eight men had been discharged from
the Hey wood Brothers & Wakefield
Company on Mission street, because
they were about to organize a union.
Sympathizing with these men. about
fifteen others quit work in the rattan
and reed works adjoining. The for
mation of this union wan brought
about by City Organizer T. E. Zant.
who encouraged the men to organize
whether their employer* wished it or
not.
, An assessment of fifty cents a week
vrma levied upon all butchers employed
in this city in order to aid the strik
ing butcher* in Oakland. This assess
ment is to continue as long as the
Oakland butchers remain out.
LEATIIKll WOKKKKS STRIKIL
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. | Due " /
Mongolia. .... Norfolk : • • • • Apr.' 14
Arcata.. Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Apr. 14
Czarina Coos Bay ........ Apr. 14
Pomona Humboldt . . ." Apr. 14
Santa Rosa. . . San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 14
Oregon.... ..: Portland & Astoria Apr. 14
Point Arena..- Mendocino & Pt. Arena Apr. 14
Santa Cruz.;. San Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. H
Marlposa. Tahiti .:..: ....Apr. 13
San Pedro.... Humboldt lApr. 15
Arctic Humboldt i Apr. 15
Mackinaw.... Tacoma .......... ;.... Apr. IG
North ForU... Humboldt Apr. 16
Eureka Humboldt Apr. Hi
Porno . Pt. Arena : t Albion.'. Apr. 10
Gaelic........ China & Japan • Apr. 10
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Apr. 1Q
Amasis :.' Seattle Apr. lfi
Wyefleld Nanaimo Apr. 17
Centralia San . Pedro Apr. I"
Spokane Humboldt...... Apr. IT
lionlta Newport & Way Ports. Apr. IS
State of Cal.. San Diegro & Way Pts. Apr. is
S. Monica..... Grays Harbor Apr. 19
Alameda Honolulu Apr. 19
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria. ... Apr. 19.
HermonU-.is... Hamburg & Way Apr. 20'
City Panama. New York via Panama. Apr. 20
Nevadan..... Honolulu :& Kahului.. Apr.' 20
S. Barbara.... Seattle '& Olympla Apr. 21
Sequoia...... Willapa Harbor ....... Apr. 2t
XfWburc-'.... Grays Harbor Apr. 21
Cofcnauo..... Grays Harbor ...'...,'... Apr. 21
Senator...;.. Puget Sound Ports;:... Apr. 21
Jeanie. ..:.... Seattle & Tacoma..... Apr. 22
Amer. Maru.- Yokohama Apr. 23v
G L.n5au*r.. Grays -Harbor - I Apr. 23.
TO SAIL. , . ' ;
Steamer. Destination. 1 Sails. | Pier.
April 14. i
G. Lindauet Grays Harbor ..... 1 pm'Pier 8
Rainier Seattle & Whatcotn 4 pmlPler 10
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Ventura... Sydney & Way Pts S pm Pier 7
April 15. |
Argo Eel .'River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata.... Cooa B.*-& Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Alliance... Eureka & Coos B. 11 am Pier 16
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 amJPier 0
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmJPleY 20
April 16. . I :¦¦¦-
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena, 4 pm|Pier 2
Pomona.... Humboldt .......... 1:30 p Pier '.>
Korea..... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
City Para.. N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
April 17. I
Centralia... Grays Harbor ..... 4 pm Pier 10
Arctic Humboldt .......Pier 2
S. Rosa.:.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
B. Cruz San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Oregon.... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
• April 18. I
Eureka Humboldt | 0 am Pier 13
April 19. - f . /
North Fork . Humboldt .......... 5 pm Pier 20
Spokane... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier »
S.Pedro Humboldt ' 1": 4 pm Pier 2
S.Monica.. Los Angeles Ports. 12 m Pier 2
April 20.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11am Pier 9
Amasis.... Hamburg & Way. 2 pm Pier 19
April 21. I
Tonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
April 02. >
G. W. Elder "Astoria & Portland 11 amlPler 24
April 23. I : ¦*•!.'. • '
San Jose... N. Y. via Panama|12' mlPter 40
Alameda... Honolulu ........ .Ill arajPler- 7
Mariposa... Tahiti direct . . ...|ll amJPier 7
FROM SEATTLE.
- Steamer. | For. Sails.
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 14
City Seattle.. Skagway & WayPorts. Apr. 18 ;
Santa Ana Valdez & Way Ports. Apr. 10
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. Apr. 19
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 19
Cottage City. .! Skagway & Way Ports. | Apr. 23
Movements of Steamers.
the hostlers will walk out. and should
their withdrawal not bring the owners
t<» time the horseEhoers will follow
thfm.
Both Fides an? determined to hold
their pround. and, if necessary, shut
down the hack business permanently
in this city.
Ab the result of a derision reached
by the Stable and Ca.rriape Owners"
Association late last night, in which
they m refuse to meet any of the de
mands of the Hacfcmen's Union, no
hacks or cabs will- be seen on the
streets of this city to-day, and trans
portation by hacks and cabs will be
abandoned until the parties come to a
MtUexaent. The demands of the union
are that the drivers receive greater
wages and get shorter hours, also that
ih<* union be recognized.
The union met several nights ago,
and since then the employers have
anxiously awaited the result/ They had
an intimation that there would be some
demand.*, but were not advised of them
until last night. A special meeting was
immediately called by the Stable and
<'arriagp Owners' Association and it
was decided that none of the demands
be allowed, and that rather than make
nny move toward a reconciliation they
business.
Proof of the fact that the stable ov»'n
are are determined to carry out their de
cision was evinced when the United
Carriage Company turned over seventy
bones to pasture. Other hack owners
say they will pasture their horses.
Undertakers have already realized
the blow that the coming strike will be
to -their business, and they are con
tracting for automobiles.
The Hostlers' Union has notified the
liackmen's Union that should the sta
ble owners attempt to carry on their
business with the aid of non-union help
Mrs. Reinshagen shouted and her
cries attracted a crowd. Nolan darted
down Mason street, -but a number of
people were in his wake calling "Stop
thief!" and the attention of Patrolman
Hayden was attracted. ;•;- The officer
started in pursuit and soon overtook
the fugitive. The latter gave him bat
tle and -it was some minutes before
the' policeman succeeded. in placing. the
handcuffs on his man. Nolan was
taken to the residence of Mrs. Hughes,
where he was identified as the man
who committed the robbery earlier in
the evening. At the Central police sta
tion his name was registered on the
detinue boc-k and- to-day he will be
taken before the detectives and an ef
fort will- be made to. learn his identity
and his record if he has any.
A daring and brutar- highwayman
held up and assaulted two women in
the downtown section of the city early
last evening. From one of his victims
he secured a mite of mc-ney she car
ried in her purse, but he was fright
ened away from the other by her out
cries. A crowd started in pursuit and
Patrolman Hayden made the capture,
after, a severe struggle. -The crime is
pronounced by the police one. -of the
moat daring on record for some time.
At the Central police static-n the man
gave the name William Nolan. He said
he was a teamster and resided at 1210
Mission street. It was not later than
9 o'clock when he held up Mrs. Hughes
of 15 Powell street as . the lady was
walking at the corner of Taylor and
O'Farrell streets. Though there were
hundreds of people within the radius
of one block, the bold thief seized. his
victim and threw her to the sidewalk.
He placed one hand over her^ mouth
and beat her severely with the other.
When the woman was in a condition to
sound no alarm he tore her purse from
her clutch and started up O'Farrell
street. The affair occurred so quickly
that few pec-ple realized what had hap
pened. As quickly as iirs. Hughes
could recover from the shock she told
of the robbery, and the few men who
started in pursuit of the thief found
that he had made good his escape.
The occurrence created a great deal of
commotion in the vicinity, and the po
lice after having gained a description
of the vicious robber commenced a
hunt for him. '
¦It was nearly "an hour later, how
ever, before Nolan was heard from
again. Mrs. W. Reinshagen, who re
sides at 460 Geary street, was walking
up the; steps of her home when Nolan
hastily ascended behind her, seized her
by. the throat and attempted to choke
her. In vain the woman tried to scream,
but the grasp the ? thief had on her
throat was too strong. She carried
her keys in her hand j and these she
cast to the pavement below ¦. to attract
attention. When Nolan saw this move
ment he released his grip and without
waiting to secure any valuables or
money started to run away. •
Mrs. Hughes Knocked Down
and -Bobbed and Soon After
31rs. lieinsliagen Is Choked
G. r all the bodle* and people who will be in
attendance, we deilre. above all, the presence
of ywur association. Kindly let us bear from
you at- your rarlifft opportunity.
We liive arranged for a long otring of tour
irt sleeping cars to lodge visitors who do not
tone ty tpecial train (at we have suggested
to you) ar.d mad? amr»le provision for meals
arn other entertainment. Appreciating the
value of this to the State, and fully impressed
with the great Fignificance the Southern" Pa-"
rific and £cnta F* railroad companies have ar
ranged to advertise it more extensively than
any other cc-lrbratlon the State ha» witnessed.
The triri will be <V>liEhtful at this time the
valley frcm mountains to mountain* attired
in nature's choicest rarb. We will takO you
on train and carriage excursions and ehow
yon a ccore of great canals, bank-full of water,
and thousands of acres of alfalfa, a'moxt hip
deep; frui^ orchard*, etc. Modesto ¦will be
duly d?corut»d. there will be electrical Illumina
tions at nicht, the Governor will be in at
tendance *nd make an address, there will be
a tttallion encampment | of the National
Oaards. fletd ilay rport* by *even of the High
Frhool League teams of the San Jcaquln Val
ley, a epkr.did display of day 0reworks. recep
tions, dancing, 'tc. t ¦ .
The general committee. T. C. Hock
ing chairman, which has charge -of the
jubilee, has written the California Pro
motion Committee as follows:
V> earnestly desire you to be wtth u« oa
one. or both, of our celebration days our irri
gation Jubilee, as we have termed it. We "trun
you will ftad it feasible to adopt the proposi
tion. Ccme down Saturday momins the "3d
or Friday, if you can— in your own traSn of
I"ui;mans.
DEUGIITFUIi TRIP PROMISED.
This great body of over a quarter
of a million acres of land lies in th»
north gateway of the San Joaquin Val
ley, but 130 miles from San Francisco.
The significance to San Francisco of
its development cannot be overesti
mated- In 1903 the grain crop of this
State produced on 3.000,000 acres of
land gave returns of $22,000,000; in the
same year the returns from 300 000
acres of irrigated land in this State
reached $30,000,000. Let the grain crop
rmspects of this State appear discour
aging and the effect is readily reflect
ed in the business and financial circles
of San Francisco. The future develop
ment cf the single body of land under
our canals trill in the course of time
give never-failing revenue in excess of
that of the normal grain crop of the
State.
PROSPECTS ARE BRIGHT.
A special interest attaches to the
coming jubilee, which will celebrate
the completion of the Modesto and
Turlock irrigation systems. These are
virtually one system, and constitute
the greatest irrigation works in Amer
ica. Not only is this so. but thts
preat system was constructed and is
owned and successfully operated by
the people resident of the 250.000 acres
of land embraced by the canals. The
little city of Modesto, the county seat
of Stanislaus, is the center of this
splendid area. The canals agrgresate
about 250 miles, and the mains are
.4 and 64 feet wide on the bottom and
designed to carry a depth of eight and
six feet of water, respectively.
The Tuolumne River, with a* water
shed second only to that of one other
stream in the State, furnishes an abun
dant supply of water for these artificial
rivers, as the canals may be termed.
The cost of the works has been $2 500 -
000. Already 30.000 acres of land which
has made Stanislaus first in wheat pro
duction has be«n withdrawn from that
industry and planted to alfalfa
peaches. almonds. olives, apricots'.
Calimyrna, ftps, oranges, vines and field
products with gratifying success. Next
season will &ee 50,000 acres under such
cultivation and in less than five years
100.000 acres will be devoted to this
diversified industry. Over 3000 people
have settled on these lands In the last
two years. Wheat ranches from 320
to 1000 acres are now the homes of
from 10 to over 100 families each;, in
instances over 1000 people have been
placed in one colonv.
The rates from San Francisco to the
jubilee and return will be $3 10, the
journey one way occupying four hours.
Sleepers wii: be available for the jour
ney. The charge for Pullman accom
modations is $2 23 for two days and
one night. Visitors may leave either
Friday afternoon or Saturday morn
ing, returning Saturday or Sunday. All
those desiring to attend the excursion
are requested to call at the headquar
ters of the committee. 25 New Mont
gomery street, and make reservations.
BIG IKIUGATO.V SYSTEM.
The California I'rorr.otion Comriittop, by An
<ir«a chairman. Tfprttttttnt the
Mar.ufacturvrs' and Producer?" Awociation;
Rufus P. Jpnninrs. execotitf officer, repre-
Fcntir-g the Pan TranciFco Chamber of Com
merce; G<>or»r<» W. McNear. treasurer, r^pre
srntirua: the Merchants" ExchanR<? of San Fran
cisco; A. A. Watkir.s. r*>r>r«>«>ntins th<» Pan
Francisco Bosrd of Trade; Fr»".l J. Ko5tcr.
trrr«?«wntir}f the Merchants' Afsociatior. of San
Francisco.
oi San Franoiyeo and all other* intpr?ytp<i in
lh» prnsrwrity of Caltfcrr.la that on April
«2-2H there will be celebrated nt ModPFto
the completion of one of the pr^a'^Ft irriga
tion works in America. The round fare of
W 10 irakry it <J<r?irable fcr rv<»ry one having
th«> csjpcrtur.it y to att«»nd the comir.K jubilee.
Th<> comniittce d'^Pireei th« co-cperaticn of
tvprj' citizen and organization la the recorwi-
That Fan Francisco business men
are taking a hearty interest in the
develnpment of the interior is known
to every observer of California's prog
ress. Tho California Promotion Com
mittee, whose executive board repre
sents - the five commercial organiza
tions of San Francisco, has issued the
following call regarding an event of
preat interest— the celebration of the
Modrrto-Turlock irrigation jubilee, to
be held on the 22d and 23d of this
month:
Th» ocn-.mlste*> rrsprctTuIly falls to ths
attention of the b<iyln< r* ar.d pro!>r5ional meu
Members of California Pro
mot ion Committee Arrange
for Unique Celebration
CAUGHT AFTER FIGHT
LIVERPOOL— Sailed April 13 — Stmr Haver
ford, for Philadelphia, via Queenstown; stmr
Majestic, for New York, via Queenstown.
NAPLES— Sailed April 13-pStmr Neapolitan
Prince, for New York. •
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed April 13— Stmr S&x
onia from Liverrnxjl, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed April 13 — Rtmr
Kaiser Wilhelm <ler Grosse, from Bremen, for
New York, via Cherbourg. .
NEW YORK— Arrived Aptll 13— Stmr Bovlc,
from Liverpool ; stinr Louise, from
Gci;oa. Naoloa and Gibraltar: stmr . Utnbria,
from Genoa, Naples, Palermo and Gibraltar.
Satkd April 13 — Stmr Teutonic, for Liver
pool; stmr United States," for Copenhagen.
HAMBURG— Sailed April 13— Stmr isls, for
California.
OCEAN I STEAMERS.
KOlia, from Norfolk, for San Francisco; wait-
Ing for.Br 8tmr Chlng Wo to arrive.
Say That Kather Than Make
a Compromise They Will
Send Horses to Pasture
*
TO SUSPEND BUSINESS
Stable Owners Decide Not
to Accede to the Demands
Submitted b\ the Union
William Nolan Holds Up and
Robs Two Women iiiDown
town Section iii Evening
Oceanic Steamship Company s Liner,- to Leave This Evening for
Honolulu and the Antipodes, Has a Large Cargo and Takes
Many Passengers, Including the Three Little Maids Company
WOULD BOOM THE STATE
Ix)cal Business Men Plan
Grand Excursion to Vari
ous Cities of the South
BRUTAL CRIMES
OF A FOOTPAD
HACKDRIVERS
STRIKE TO-DAY
MERCHANTS WILL
GIVE A JUBILEE
THEATRICAL TROUPES WILL ENLIVEN
VENTURA'S VOYAGE ACROSS THE OCEAN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', THURSDAY, APRIL 14, 1004.
Have you reen the new observatory? Will
tell > i'ou about it Saturday. *
11
SCHOONER YVILX.IAM RENTON, "WHICH
FIC'KXK WINDS KEPT OUTSIDE THE
GOLDEN vJATE FOUR DATS.
FREE— FREE
TO iWANT,? ADVERTISERS ;
IX v-S'EXT, "-¦ SUNDAY'S CALL.
' THE GLOW NIGHT; IiASIP. "
~'A SCIENTIFIC r^VONDER.;
I nvaluhble for Bedrooms, ; Sick
Chambers?, Hall, Nurseries,
Bathrooms; § STAIRCA'sES,"- etc. '
BE SURE TOIGET ONE AVITH
'' :¦ '-''AtWANT^AD^IN.iV- ' <<
-NEXT SUNDAY'S [ CALL: :.
Preiiiiuin : cannot -; be obtained in
any other way. - " -
ADVZBTl£EarJE13T8.
KlIFnIot
In the Spring is when you notice
it the most. The system is full of
impurities that have accumulated
during the winter months, which
must be dispelled at once. The
quickest and safest way is to!
take Hostctter's Stomach Bitters.
Nothing else is .so good to cure j
Spring Fever, General Debility,. 1
Sleeplessness, Indigestion, Dys- j
pepsia, Constipation, Liver Trou-
bles, La Grippe, Colds or Malaria,
Fever and Ague. We urge you to I
try a bottle to-day. .
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
37dJ®cu£aAiivm>
jTJ) Perfect Fitting f*^
'Y <Gt
j. At Moderate Cost (\
V 642 St-. 1
ADVERTISEMENTS. \ '.
j^^ CARTERS
Positively cured by these >•
Iattlo Pill*.
| Thej also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
{ Indigestion and Too I Icartj Eatbj. A per- '
| feet remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Dro^rsi-
a<KS, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongas
Pain in the Side, TORPID LTVER. The/
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
; Small Pili. Small Dose.
I •= >- . Sinall PriC3, . > . :
| 'OCEAK TKAVEL.
j<Z7e'Z?^ ' Steamers leave -Broadway.
/C>^-<9«\ wharves. Piers 9 and XX.
/"Tf -XuA San Franci*co.
/fly Tfcy 0^ \J\ Fcr Ketchlkaa. Wrsn^eU
I I VK^H I I Jnneau, • Halnes. S1u;uay.
V \ \ Ww[i i / «»c-. Alaska — 11 a. m.. Apr.
V»v-V its I s - 10 - 13 - ' x - 2i - 30 - Ma3f *•'
V^sJi Cbarg-e to Company** steam-
i xJAkSv?/ * rs a: Seattle.-
r^lsli^^ For .- Victoria. Vancouver.
Port TownsenJ. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Bel-
linenani— 11 a. m.. Apr. S. 10. IS. CO. 25. J<>.
May &. Cbanre »t Seattle to this company*
steamers for Alaska ard G. N. Ily.: at S«attl»
"r Tacoma to N. P Ry. ; at Vancouver to C P..
R>.
, For Eureka «HumboIdt Bay) — Pomona, l^
p. m..-Apr. 4. 10, IG. 20. CS. May 4;?Spokan*.
1^50 p. m.. Apr. 1. 7. ia. 19. 25. May I.
i V. For Los Aogetes (via Port Los Anxeles and
r Redondo). San Dieso and Santa Barbara — 5*3-
* ta Ho/a, Sundays. \t a. ;n
State of California. Tbnrsdays. I) a. m.
; For Loa Angeles (via San Pedro and Ea«t
; San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz. Mon-
terey. Han Simeon. Cayucos. Port.Harford »San
Luis ObMpo). Ventura and Hueneme.
. Fanta Crux. » a. m.. Apr. 19. (Freight only.)
' Bonlta. 0 a. m.. Apr. 5. 13. 21. CD. May 7.
!. For Knsenada. Ma^dalena Biy. San Jos* del
: Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
falia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7tb eaca
month. For further information obtain folder.
, Right Is reserved to change steamers or •ailing
i dates.
i TICKET OP7ICES — 4 New Monteom-
j cry st. (Palao- KotflX 1» Market st. »n<i Broad-:
: way wharves, rreljflrt Oflce, 10 Market st.-
• C. D. Dl-XA.S'X, General P««seng»r Agrent.
10 Market «.. San Franc'sco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter St.. will *
rail fcr ar.d check bagcair* from betels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMESICAK XJZTi:.
i Flymoutli — Cherbour.x — Southampton.
Frcm New York, Saturdays. t»:3«J a. m. •
Philadelphia. ..Apr. :«: Germanic May 7
St. Louis Apr. 3o:st. Paul May 14
ATLANTIC TEANSPOET LIHE.
New Yotlt — Iiondon Direct. *
Minneapolis. Ai>rll 23. noon,
Jlejoba April "O. !> a. m.
Mtnnetonka May 7. 1 1 ;.TO a. m.
j Minnehaha May 14. 4 p. m.
Only first-class paseer.RT!" carried.
Dosxisiosr JmXsh.
Portland — Liverpool — Shotf sea passage.
Kensintrton ....Apr. Fouthwark May 14
Dominion May. 7. Canada May 21
HOLLA1TD-AKSBICA LIKI.
New Twin-Screw Pteamers of 12.5<J<> Tons.
; ITew York — Rotterdam, Via Botilcsrae.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m. ¦
Noordam Apr. 2(». Rottmlarn May t7
Pctsdam May 10 Ryndam May 21
S.T.J3 STAE IiIUE.
Hew "JTori— Antwerp — Parln.
From New York. Saturdays at 10:30 a.' m. •
Zeeland Apr. £1 Vaiieriand May' 7.
Finland . :...'.. Apr. 30 Kroonlan*! May It
. . WSITTI STAB LUIS.
Hetr Tork — Queraitown — Liverpool. ,
Sailing Wedneu'layp.
Majestlc.Apr. 27. 10 am Teutonic.May 11. 10 am"
Arabic.;. Apr. 23, 5 pmi Celttc. ..May 1.1. 4 pm
Oceanic. '.May 4. 0 am'Cedric. ..May is. 7 am
' Bcartos — -Qneenstown — Liverpool.
I Republic fnew) April 30. June O. July 7
I Cretlc ."...May 5, June 2, June ."J>
' Cymric May 19, June Hi. July 14
' BOSTON MEDITEEaANEAU SERVICE.
: Azores, Gibraltar, Naples, Genoa. ¦'$ :
: CAN'OPIC April 2:;. May 2.M. July 3
' ROMANIC May 1*. June IS. July 3O
' C. D. TATXOR, Passenger A«ent Pacific Coaat.
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
W^AKIERS. «AR3EIR£.5. GZNCA?^ |
CANOPIC.^ I.Apr. 'St. May 29, July 2
ROMANIC May 14. June IS. July 30 .
(Send tor rates and illustrated booklet.)
These steamers are the largest in the "
Mediterranean service.
First , class, ?t5 upward.
I Boston to Liverpool Quee&ow*
[ REPUBLIC (new).. Apr. 30. June 9, July 7
¦ CRETIC May 5. June 2, June %>
! CYMRIC...' May 1». June 16. July 14
1 First class. $60 and $83 upward, aeeord-
I ini? lo fteamer. For plans, etc., address •
C. D. TAYLOR. 21 • Post St.. Passenger
Aatent Pacific, C^ast. '¦..--
Hamburg-American.
Semi-Weekly Twin Scre-or Service
FOR PLYMOUTH. CHERBOURG. HAMBURG.
. THE GBEAT OCEAN PLYEB, •
S. S. Deutschland
CSGV^ ft. long — 23% knots average speed. \
> Saifs May 12.' June ft. July 7. Atur. 4.
Belsravla April lqWaldersee April'SO
Columbia April 21|t*Moltke May S
Pretoria '. April :3J Bulgaria May 7
t'Bluecher April 2S 'Deutschland. ..May 12 .
•Ha? grill room and tgymnasiutn on board.
HAMBTJRG-AMEKICAH LINE.
Offices. 30 an* 37 Broadway. N*w.York.
HERZOG & CO.. 4O1 CALIFORNLV. ST.
p. R. & N. CO. ¦•¦;.
OREGON sails Arrll 7, 17. 27. May 7. 17
' and 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails April 12, 22..
' May 2. 12 and 22. Only steamshla line to
PORTLAND. OR., and short rail Una from
Portland to all points East. Tnrongh tickets
to alt cols ts. Steamer tickets include berth ?
and meals. Steamer rails foot of Spear st.. «:
II a, ro. S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Art. Pas*.
Dept.. 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
AAavanfAwf- ft-aTA «»«"¦ e*Ho*.'«i»
V VVUIll VO'VV V Mia um w mmm
is 8. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land ami Sydney, Tnurs.. Apr. 14,' S p. m.
S S MAR1POSA. for Tahiti. Apr. 23. 11 a. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. ¦ for Honolulu, Apr. 23. 11 a.m, I
I D SPEECKELS 4 BK03. Ca,A2t3.,TiCl[« 0i3C8 643 Hir-
' in SL, ¦ Frsiiit OSes 323 xuiit si., PUr 7, Pasils SL
COMPA05IE GE5EBALB TRAW3ATLASTIQCB.
DIRECT LEV'E TO HAVRE-PARIS. ib g S .,
Sailin? even- Tbursday Instead ol
¦ Eaturday. at 10 a. nv. from Pier 42. »«a^^
North River, foot ot Morton st.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. See-
CANADA 32 Broadway (Hudson bntldlngi.
New York. J.F. FUGAZI A Co.. Pacifle Coas;
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. .?an Francisco.
Tickets, sold by all. Railroad Ticket Ag»nta, .
Mara Island and Vallejo Steamers.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICE1XO—
8:43 a. m.; 3:1S and 8:30 p. ta.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 a.' m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Vall.ja
T a- m. 12:30 and« P- m.. except iBunday.
Sunday : 7 a. m.; 4:15 p.m.' Fa«. 50, cent* .
TeU* Main 1305. Pter 2. Mlsaloo-st. u*k.
HATrH BROS. '. '¦ ¦ - • " ¦ '-
was a one-act farce in which i Walter."
Hancock,' "William Green, James A.
Renwick; Wilkie P. Courter. George
Cfowley.' Stephen Haghes, Miss Gerie^
yieve Clark, Miss- Alice; Crowley,
Mi3S Georgiaha I^uce and j Miss Maude
Sp'urr. took' part. This was followed
by dancing for two, hours. Miss Alice ¦
Crowley was chairman of the commit- \J
tee of arrangementa»THE SAN FRANCISCO -GALL, THURSDAY, -APRIL .1904.
12
1 EMPLOYMENT; WANTED— FB11ALK.
STRONG. p willing American woman wants
. sweeping, . cleaning and laundry., work; flan-
nels a specialty; $125 and car fare. 648A
Jessie st., between Seventh and Eighth,
T downstairs.
SITUATION wanted by an Eastern lady as
second matron or housekeeper In an institu-
'-,¦ tlon, or would teach children housework and
sewing. Box 15'J6, Call offlce.
WANTED — Mending; keep ladlesV muslin un-
derwear In repair; stockings darned; reason-
able; references. Address MRS. C, 593
_O'Farrell at.
EDUCATED, refined,- respectable lady wishes
position as housekeeper - In widower's fam-
Uy; $2o, ».;o. Box 35:a. Call office.
STENOGRAPHER, expert operator; accurate
and reliable; law and general work; city
references. Box 3318.. Call offlce.
SCANDINAVIAN girl, with flrst-class refer-
ences,- wishes position to do general house-
work. Box 1C80, Call offlce." .
WANTED — Work by a competent woman with
a daughter who can work for her board.
'Call at 11C3 Market st. . j
A RELIABLE young girl would like to car*
for child or be cashier; wagea $20; refer-
ences. L. R., 213H Mason st.
A COMPETENT laundress and house-cleaner
wants work at $1 per day; references. Box
15S4, Call offlce. . /
EXPERIENCED lady would like position as
saleslady In bakery, or cashier. Box 1569,
Call offlce.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce, cor: Duncan & Church sts.
"WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton' a Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED MALE.
YOUNG man from the East would like a situa-
tion as salesman; good experience in dry
goods also the jewelry business. Box 15S5,
Call offlce. CM^
A SOBER.; mlddlo-aged man wants steady em-
. ployment of some kind; good worker; small
wages. Box 151)2, Call. -'¦¦
SWEDISH man wants position of any kind;
city or country; can milk and care for
horses. Address B. N., 220 Third st.
A COACHMAN, gardener, butter-maker . and
milker; raising of chickens; willing and
obliging. C. K., 5C0 Washington st. .
HOTEL, store o: large building -'carpenter;
handy mechanic; reasonable: good refer-
ences, etc. Box 1590, Call offlce. -
WANTED — A man with over 20 years' ex-
perience in logging, railroad construction
and timber estimating would like a position
as traveling agent to look up timber land or
take charge of extensive logging operations;
references. Address C, box 1187. Call offlce.
MAN and wife would like situation on private
place where woman could wait on table or
take care of children; would go to summer
resort: references. Address JOHN BAKErl.
O."8 Mission st.
WANTED — Position by respectable, mlddla-
aged, educated man. strictly temperate,
good penman and correspondent, with several
years' experience in the general grocery
business. Box 15S6. Call. '
WELL educated middle-aged man, - speaks
and writes English, French, German fluently,
general business experience, seeks work
(clerical) about place; care Invalid; anything;
•mall wages. Box 1572. Call offlce. -
AN artist understanding the business would
like to renew. old paintings; can patch' up
cracks and holes and make It look like new.
Telephone Howard 3034.
YOUNG man wants position as drapery sales-
man; 3 years' experience; willing to work at
moderate salary to commence; can do out-
side work; best references. Box 1568, Call.
BAKER'S helper, clean, sober, Industr.ous
young nan, best references, experienced
helper and driver, wishes to finish trade; $25
to $30 and found. Box 1242. Call offlce.
BOOKKEEPER, first class, having leisure
time, woul-'l like one or more sets of books to
keep: competent to handle all classes of ac-
counts. Box 3557, Call offlce. •
COACHMAN (English), competent, reliable
man, excellent references, reeks position. Box
1582, Call offlce. 7 "I".:
EXPERIENCED and ; reliable grocery clerk
and bartender, married man, desires posi-
tion in country. Address -box 3017, Call.
A PAINTER, paperhanger and tlnter wants
- work; rates reasonable, or by the day.
Painter. 737 Harrison St.; basement.
YOUNG man (20' years of age) desires a posi-
tion as .stenographer; good references. 972
Chester st.. Oakland.
WANTED — By young man (22 years of age)
• position as stenographer; best of references.
P72 Chester St., Oakland. .
GARDENER, -good horseman and -driver,
wishes position; best ref. Box 1575, Call.
: JAPANESE boy wants situation to do cook-
Ing, small washing and windows; $6 week.
C. I. TANAKA. 1410 Pine st. ;
JAPANESE couple want . position; man is
cook and wife for general housework. Ad-
dress A. FUJII. IIS Eddy st.
YOUNG Chinese, flrst-class cook, wants po-
' sttlon in private family; wages $35. AH
SING. 815 Dupont st.
FIRST-class Chinese cook wants situation. AH
SING. 902 Clay St. - - ,.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
..Valencia st. : -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore.
—^— — —^ — — — —^— — — —
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department: over 1000
in number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you' to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
- 1039 MARKET ST..
"-".;r.> .-;,.; OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flate to let; an Immense list:
service-' absolutely free: take ; advantage of
this department: If will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co., 245-259 Geary
St., on the square.'
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia — New flat. 5
rooms and bath; all modern, improvements;
$27 50. s ¦¦¦.-¦¦
Sixth, near ' Bryant — Two flats of 4 - rooms
each: $7 CO each. Apply to G. A. LEROUX.
" 29/ New Montgomery st. - ~ . -
DOWNTOWN • upper flat;' Bun all day;, marine
view; 6 rooms; bath; $35. 70ti}£ Pine st.
RAUSCH,' 82A — Three ¦ sunny rooms; large
yards. . - - . ' ;
HAYES,- 957 — 4 rooms, bath, water, garbage.
Janitor; hall lights free; see to-day; moderate.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions ' has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
¦ ; Open until 11 p.'. m. .. ¦ -, .
FLATS TO LET— -FUHMJ4IIED.
FURNISHED flat for sale or rent. 3& Mon-
roe st.. off Bush, above Stockton. . .
CAPP.. 614— Desirable, 5-room": flat; "piano;
• coal and gas ' range; call between" 11 and -4.
WASHINGTON. '.. 2833— Beantifully furnished
sunny .. flat, .' 7 ¦ rooms; piano; garden. .
FLATS FOn SALE— FlinNISHED.
NEW carpets and furnishings of 7-room flat for
sale. at great bargain; flat' rents for. $37 50
per month; lease indefinite. ' Inquire* at 770
Cole st. :'-•;. .. - ; - ,->' • \ <.~.
FOR sale— Furniture of 7 rooms ¦ and ' bath;
dealers or any one. with spot cash; call after
6 p.' m. HOB Hayes st.j :
LOVELY' new flat; sun in every room; f urn. al-
most new: cheaa rent: $285. ' Call 10 to 3.
242 Noe St., near Market. •':
FURNITURE FOR >SALE.
CHEAPEST, place to buy furniture, stoves and
1 household goods; flats bought. Mission Auc
'.'-¦ House, 429-439 . Valencia; ¦ tel.~ • Church " 387o!
; FURNITURE W ANTED.
•
. Salesroom, lip Market st. Tel. ; Jessie 761
Don't sell your furniture, carpets,; offlce fur-
> nlture. = etc., • until you get , his estimate.. -
WANTED— -A box : couch ; not over 5 feet long
¦ and.'2 ! ' feet~wlde:^state price asked. Box
V 2759. . Call office.. > - X
CHAS.' LEVY & CO.' pay highest price "for fur-
•;. niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 4C7.
A.'L/:STORRS pays highest cash prices. furnl-
'-'.- tnre, carpets, etc. Mel. Larkln 3631. 634 EUla.
A. WOLLPERT. ,773 M !sslon~ phone' Red 446~
,.:,¦ buys.* rents.' repairs, packs furniture." carpets!
B. T.' SCHELL. 2412 Mission, tel.' Church 5370.
• pays best ' prices ; for • furniture, * carpets.-, etc.
HIGHEST prices for iurniture and mdse. L H
BURD. auctioneer. ISIS Mkt. ;tel. Howard 2758!
l.ODGT\Q nnilSKO FO1I !B\T.Ig C.n-n.
A. CAMERON & CO. ' phone South 1050.
- S 3 Eddy st.. cor." Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-Houses, Hotels and
, All Kinds of Business Chances.
190 • moms; new and elegantly appointed
apartm»nt-house; swell -location; long lease:
cheap rent: . cart cash -balance made out of
house without interest. .
10 rooms; Ellis; newly furnished; rent $40;
apartments; $200 down, balance $20 per month,
no interest: must be. sold on account other
business; price $725."
/5 rooms; new, modern building: elegant fur-
nishings; cheap rent: close-in; will clear- $4CO
per month; $5000 down balance can be paid
out of house; see. this. '
17 rooms; rent only $70; oak furniture; Ax-
minster carpets; fine location; -clears $t>0; fine
buy. " . . ' - ¦ ¦ . • ¦ ¦ • . '
29 rooms; central; cheap rent: well fur.: some
housekeeping; full; will take flat In exchange.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths; beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation. ...
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets: housekeeping; all full; clearing
$i0 over all expenses;- 4 ' rooms landlady,
price $1600. ' " -^'^"u't
t>0 rooms; new; modern apartment-house: 10-
ycar lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300.
very central; flrst-class proposition.
11 -rooms; Ellis st : close in; oak furniture;
moquet carpets; part cash, balance time; price
108 rooms: eheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished: up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can ba run in conjunction if desired: rare
chanco for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of house- other business inter-
ests demand Immediate departure.
126 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men: ' electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
m-mth; one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooir.s; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle apartment-house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close tn; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets* close In; flne money-maker.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; B-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
• Ing $400 to $000 per month; obliged to leave
city.
11 rooms; rent $40; close in; oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets: clears $55 over all
expenses; $4U0 cash, balance time; snap; $i00.
46 rooms; rent only $65;' well located hotel,
south of Market: fine bar; well stocked: brick
building; *lectric lights; everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price ,$2500;
will exchange this with good real estate for
large downtown house. •
40 rooms: eltgantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture; 60 boarders;
clearing $250 Der month; close in; fine buy;
price $0000.
9' rooms; sunny flat; rent $50; oak. mahog-
any fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
28 rooms: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
18 rooms; rent $S5; well furnished; all n*w;
8000 down, balance IX, per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
25 rooms; rent only $60; north Market: all
full: clears $100 per month; price $1800; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
106 rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
family hotel In city; all full and clearing $400
to $6C0 per month; books.open for Inspection;
obliged to leave city.
7-room flat: rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpete; sickness: price $350.
162 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco: beautiful, .mod-
em building; flne entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 D«r month: B-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
S rooms; flne upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
* 45C - <!— "•* ¦ '
18 rooms; rent $S5? north Market: close In;
good money-maker; reduced from $1600 to $1100.
, »0 rooms; part of flees; elegant new building
and furniture; high-class location; beautiful
halls; everything modern: first-class grill In
connection; best proposition in city; called East.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; . flne proposition;
good lease.
23 rooms; well furnished; flrst-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks off Market; 5-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
31 rooms; rent $110; all light rooms; clear-
ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $S00
to get In; must leave city at once; price $1300.
!2S raoms; cheap rent; long lease: flrst-
class upHo-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nished; clearing $5t'O to $600 per month; must
sell on account of. other business; only, with us.
SPIRITUALISM.
Mrs. Dr. Martin, wonderful spiritual healer and
business medium; readings dally, $1; develop-
ing class Thurs. ,8 p.m. 100SB GoldcnGate ave.
C V. MILLER'S etherlalizlng and materializing
feance to-night, 8 o'clock, . $1. 10S4 Bush.
MME. YOUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
nlght; 10c;. 619 McAllister; come, skeptics.
ALMEK'S spe. life readings absolutely free un-
less correcf.mediumsqulckly develop.457t:ddy
MRS. LESTER'S test circle 8 p. m., 10c; read-
Ings daily, 25c and 60c. 122 Taylor at.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
slate-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 8557.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
THE FUTURE • REVEALED.
THE PAST ¦ DISCLOSED, .
THE PRESENT ANALYZED
BY LIVINGSTONE,
423 Eddy st.
I PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Fiammarlon's treatises that
is so electrifying the world to-day. HE IS
NO IMITATOR. His work Is upon original
lines; PURE THOUGHT. CLEAR VISION.
He "TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE TO
KNOW, AND WORKS IN THE OPEN
LIGHT." AND IS AS. CONSPICUOUS FOR
ITS WONDERFUL OCCULT ANALYSIS AS
IT IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS.
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test is
of little value when the. mind is troubled—
you need more • substantial aid and advice.
' This - Is Just what PROF, f LIVINGSTONE
gives you when you call 0$ him for. a flrst-
class clairvoyant reading. ' (He asks you no
questions, but tells you what you wish to
know. ¦ ¦ . ¦,'¦¦
- He does not mention all the ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in >. your case. Let PROF. •
LIVINGSTONE analyze the -matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedv. ' ¦ " '-¦¦:
. Remember the number — 428 EDDY ST. "
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. ro.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU. "
. . . -Call at once and save $4.- ¦
His famous $5 reading this week for ,
$1 $i :-$l $1 $1 - $1 $1 *1
No, charge • . , . ; No charge
; Unless you obtain, the information for .'
which you consult him..
PAUL DESTINE,
The first registered Atrance ? clairvoyant and
palmist evw In San Francisco.
Read carefully. .An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.) ..
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name; oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife or lover Is tmc or false; who
and, when you will marry; how to gain the love
of. the one you desire; .Vln'fltcC'-: I will tell vou
every hope, fear, or. ambition than you
can tell yourself; his advice is reliable, his pow-
ers are wonderful . and -indisputable;' he 'im-
proves your character, so that • you • will : reach
the highest possible " development sin mental,
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to ¦ earn '
wealth;- the controlling * power implanted z. in
your nature, so ycu can change. the- intentions,
actions ¦; or ' habits of • any. one -secretly; > cures
disease and lost: vitality;, gives advice ' on .min-
ing and, burled treasures;: gives you success in
life; ¦ he guarantees ¦ you- success', or charges
nothing for his services. •'- ..;,. - .-,- ;. <¦¦ > Vy -'
10 a. m. to s p. :m.; Sundays. 2 to 6.
¦ 326 — O'Farrell street — 326. / ¦••_..
A— Miss M.' Wille, 460 Geary," clairvoyant co's-]
tal seer and life reader, : will tell you exactly
.what ' you . called ¦ for . without asking; a ¦ ques- ;
*•• t^on; names given; special; $1; hours 10 to 1 8"
A — MME. BERNARD reads your. life correctly,
' advice given on a.11 affairn of life; satist'ac-
tlon guaranteed; 25c up..;, 17 3d, next . Exam.
MISS . ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair. and palm.; ;
has second sight; < a wonderful ¦; prophetess; 1
names; 1. 50c, g, $L" l 714 Franklln'nr.G.G.ave.
! • - CLAIRVOVANTS— Cnnt'nnfrt.
ISMAR, - the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1101 -Market
St.. cor. Turk; private readings dally, ; 10 a.
m. to 5 d. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in oeraon; ."{ questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; Fend, lock of hair, date of year
of birth: don't send currency; send postofHce,
Wells- Fargo money order or registered letter.
Mrs.A.H.Krcnenbergr.paJmist, clairvoyant, card
reader;when others fail try me: good readings
10c. 721 Franklln.nr.G.Giave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice; • names given; 25c up. 835 j Howard st.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
readings daily; not open Sunday. 917 Market. ,
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23'4 tith;:l. 25c k. 30c.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
20& Kearny, room 20; ladles. 25c; gents, 50c.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
teller, is now at 317 Ellis st.
MRS. SHAFER, clairvoyant, card reader, s!t-
tlngs daily. 44S^ Jessie St.. bet. 5th and 6th.
CARPET mSWl.NG AND CLEANING.
COMPRESSED air and vacum system ! now
universally used in cleaning carpets on
floor; without removal; price moderate; S.
F. Compressed -Air Cleaning. Co., 308 Mar-
ket st.;' tel. Main 152, Bush 470.
WHEN you become disgusted " with you work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-S57 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St., clean-
Ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works/1809 Har-
rlson St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave. ; - telephone East 126.
, HOPKE BROS. ; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses made over. .1432 Howard ;tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beatlng works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.: tel.Misslon 263.
'-^C^in. 95&£$5^*P]£J93i£iSFS^^J^
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city cr country. Pacific - Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 0-10; tel. .Main 6680.
CLOTHING- SENOVATIwq. '
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1;, scouring and
dyeing. Bon Jiarche, 40 Ellis Et.. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CTTIIE3 BTTPTPBE. !
WHO?— Hunter, 1206 Market st.: $100; rupture
cure for $10: circular explains: send for one.
. DI3KT1STS.
' DR?~GRUSS, 510 Callaghan bldg.. Market and
McAllister sts., uses the Basford obtunder;
the only device ever invented for grinding,
drilling and excavating teeth without palu.
Call for demonstration. Tel. Jessie 3606.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
lrom $8 per bet: extracting 50c: gas given.
A NEW plate — The , Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50: fillings, 00c;
plates. $5: full set; all work painless and
warranted. .Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EASTERN Expert Dental Co. will do your work
by the year and give you 12 months' credit.
10 Turk St., over Burnett's Drug Store.
ELITE Dental Parlors. 838* Market st.; best
and cheapest offlce for all dental operations.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Set teeth. $1 SO up; crowns. $2 up: fllllnga,2oc
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentlst,r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. H. G. YOUNG— .Bridges and teeth with-
out plates sp«clalty. 1841 Polk* st.
GOLD fillings 76c; sliver. 35c: crowns. $2: no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
UKiyji.MAKEKS AND SKA M STRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting; double
1 stamps on dress HnlngB. Stewart's button and
bu t tonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
! Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
EDUCATIONAL.
AT home In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the entire West. New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 801-
925 Golden Gate ave. ¦ ¦
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
AYRES, the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket st.; established 18 years; the school that
secure* positions for graduates; Just added 20
new typewriters; catalogue free. -
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
lpnguages, telegraphy. English branches: day
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you 'desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1230 Market St.
LEARN SPANISH in 2 months; classes in
¦ French and Spanish $5 a month.
B F. AMES Teacher of Languages,
268 Golden Gate ave.. cor. Hyde st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, min., mech., eUr-
vey assay, cyanide: day, ev. ; est. 1804. Van
der'Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun. ;
classes Mondays. Fridays.. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing, 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, writing, etc.; day. eve. ;.$4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines&Electricity. 24 Post
St.. S. F. ;.a practical school of engineering;
- complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SPANISH— A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO; 530 California,. r.4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 ¦ per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. ¦ 828 Haight et. j
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK*
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission.. nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
G^OR^E~A^Kir^H^P^r^r7TtelT^u^h~ii5^
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce ; r fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, eta.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese-
Chlneso help. 420 Powell st. Tel. Main 5752.
FRITZ'S Emo. . Offlce: Japanese and Chinese
.- help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168. .
RELIABLE -1 Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640. Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— FEMALE.
AT 508 Mason st., MRS. WALSER; phone
Black 1533 — Governess, elocution, music and
painting, ref.,' $33; young- lady as -cashier,-
ref., $50; young lady as bookkeeper, double
entry, $15 week; competent German house-
keeper; take full charge; 4 experienced cham-
bermaids, hotel, country pref. ; : young". lady
as cashier,' references.- $40.
A YOUNG girl, 'good' cook, : wants a situation
for general work In the country; expects $30;
has best of . references. ; Call at MISS
PLUNKETTS. 425 Sutter st.. , near Powell.
A GERMAN girl. seeks employment with small
family; plain .cooking and housework; no
washing. Address C20 Commercial st. 1 , Swiss
.. Hotel. 1 -: ..:.. •'¦'¦: ¦ ¦;• '¦• / • / ¦: ;¦ ¦ v '¦ - ./ ;-:^. ;
BY a reliable girl, a situation for light house-
, ¦': work and plain cooking- for 2ror 3 adults;
wages $25. Inquire 210 r Seventh St.- .-; ' .
REFINED girl would - like : a : position to assist
' with \ light i work V In " San • Rafael ; . good , sewer.
.Box /15S7,' Call:' - ;-: \. *: V .'-.:'Y_ ¦...': - ..:
¦fA': WOMAN wants a' place to do housework and
cooking; . will £ do small" washing. Apply 112
Tehama ' sjt.', -; off - ; Second. • - "/, ./
YOUNG lady • would like ¦ to ; do washing and
housecleaningby the day. - K. ¦ BODN1OKA,'
t- 321 Ellis r st._ . -. ..-.. : ¦ . : : -;\-j. -.
DRESSMAKER — The . very ; best; -wants 'en-
gagements; high-class. .Address Artistic, box
''• ', 1593, / Call. : .-- ... ¦ :'.,'.. \ ¦'-¦ -r ;• -- ¦{- .-.".,. ¦-,-; '¦:
MOTHER and son wish situations; mother as
cook ; ; son •¦ 30 * years," is an all-round '. ranch
hand." 217; Minna st.':; ¦ r V >/' V,
NEAT : girl : desires employment; wants * pay ¦ by
"; the week 'and go i home nights." Box-72, 1008
Market st. ' . .¦¦•.¦>•"¦ ,.-'\-^'. ¦ .. -.'¦ ¦;¦ ' .¦ ..
WOMAN,*; good cook, .would , like apposition, in
Sj,' small .family;: city or ; country. '•¦ 312 "Jessie st.
MIDDLE-AGED ?v lady '¦ wishes '¦ a J position" as
- * housekeeper. 303 Third ' st.;: room 18. / • -
[ TimIMH sW.JI ill ¦>» iWI'l m\ inf I m IIJTi « niSfi~ln f.-^-r .Xi-^frttr^-' — i 1 w^_;j . ¦ . ' - '.
JOHN P. SPBECggI.S. JProprtetor. _
Team c^c]utzriBJolgi_lfcyi'usnT. Kanagsr
¦\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You. With the Department lou V» isa.
Publication Offlce Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson «t.
Delivered by Carriers"^) Ctv Per Weds. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies SJ-^nts-
Terme by Mail. Including Postage (Cash «»"»
Order) : - fi nn
DAILY CALL C.nclud. Sunday). 1 yar. - .5-^
DAILY CALL (induct. Sunday) «. mos. . . - * ¦ «
DAILY CAL1>— By Single Montft
8VXDAV CALL 1 Tf-ar ,-qq
WEEKLY CALL, Year . „ - - — j, xtra
TOREIGN j '* Vd«v 4 15 Per Year F.xtrm
POSTAGE. \ SSSjrt Ixo Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE ATTTHOIUZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
eemple Copies will be forwarded when re-
1 quested. .
Mall subscribers in ordering change of^ a<l-
rfress should be particular to give both M>w
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to insure a
rronspt and correct compliance with their r«-
QNst
OAKLAND OJTICE:
1118 Broafiwaj Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2H8 Center Street Telephone I^orth 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TOP.K NEWS STANDS:
WaJdorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 81
rnlcn Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-ar«-
Bue Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great
Northern Hotel: Treiront House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Houst.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS..Marquette Buildln*
(Long Distance Telephone, "Central 2619. ')
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE.
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squar* ;
BUSINESS OFFICE cf the San Francisco
Oj»!1. corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10OS Market tstreet. opposite Fifth: open until
C2T ?.for.tgomery street, corner Clay; open
ur'.'.l P:30 p m.
300 Hayes street; open until Sr30 p. m.
«\'S» McAllister ftreet; open until 9:C0 p. ra.
015 Larkln street; open until 0:30 p. m.
l'.t-Sl Mis-sion street: open until 10 p. m.
E36I Market Bvreet. corner Sixteenth; opea
until » p. m-
lmi eleventh street; open unti! 9 p. m.
1036 Valencia street; open until 3 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan 6trcets;
t;pen until 9 p. tn.
NurthweK corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
~jiKi Fillmore street; open until 0 p. m.
MKKTINU .\OTICES.
MISSION Chapter No. 73. R. A. M— «
Bprclal mretinjf THIS (THURSDAY) VSf
j:\EXING. 7:30 o'clock. Rpyal Arch /V\
degree. By order of the II. 1 P.
JNO. R. HILLMAN: Secretary-
CALIFORNIA Lodg* No. 1. F. and A. «
It.: will meet THIS (THURSDAY) "VVf
KVENING at 7:30 o'clock. First de- /V\
free.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. «
M.— Special meeting THIS (THURS- "VV"
IUT) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Third degree. Master Maions cor-
dially invited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 212, «
F. and A. M.. meets THIS (THURS- >fy
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 oclock. /V\
First degree. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE. Secretary-
DO RIO Ledge No. 21 fi F. and A. M. — t«
Third degree THIS (THURSDAY) W
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. By order /V\
of the Master.
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
ETARR King Lodge No. 344. F. &n<i~X. a
M.. 317 Devisartero et. — Third tfegrteVTr'
THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at /^T\
7 30 o'clock. Master Masons are cor-
dially invited. By order of the W M.
A. A. ANDERSON. Secretary.
YERBA Ruena Lodge No. 15 I. O. ,.—^,.
O. F-— Initiation THIH fTHURS-^^Hwgfe
DAY) EVENING. April 14. Vis--— «?^<«^«J
it:ng brothers cordially Invited. *^SSwf^*^
By order WM. R. DORR N. G.
CHAS. A. WISEWELL. Rcc. Secr
THE Pan Francisco Scottish Thistle . «7 »-
O!ub meets THIS (THURSDAV) A Ql(J
EVENING in Fraternity Hall. 32 "^vYts^
OTarr< 11 Ft., at >» o clock. Action < *^ < *
on by-lav.-*. Tickets for "Tattle and Finnan
Haddic" supper will be distributed to mem-
bers. GEO. \V. PATERSON Royal Chief.
A. E. CARLISLE. Recorder.
MKMBERS or Clan Frasef No. 78, r«3a '
O. S. C, are requested to attend CJSOJI
'. h< funeral <~r our laie brother , J7*f*f*V
clansman, JOHN M. McLELLAN. V>,
from the funeral i«rlori> of Porter _Ar^
A- White, 423 Golden Gate ave., "'. 3
en FRIDAY, April 15. at 10 a. m.
T. A. MUSKO, Chief.
A. KING. Secretary.
THE Knights of Tara will hold their tenth
gram! annual excursion at Fernbrook Park,
Nlles Canyon, on NEXT SUNDAY. April 17.
A pleasant outing is assured to all who may
attend. Trains leave- fogt of Market st. at
«:30 a. m. and 12:30 p. m. Tickets for «ale
at ferry. JNO. O'KAXE, Chairman.
J. P. HARE. Secretary.
NOTICE of annual meeting of Mercantile Trust
Company of San Franch«"o — The regular an-
nual meeting of the Stockholders of the
Mercantile Trurt Company of San Francisco
will be h*ld on WEDNESDAY. April 27.
1804, at 12 o'clock noon, at the offlce of
the company. 4>A California Ftreet. San
Kraneiscc. California, for the purpone of
electing a Board of Directors to i=erve for the
ensuing year, and for the transaction or such
other business as may come before the meet-
Ir*. . -
Transfer books will close on Saturday.
April 16. 1904. at 12 o'clock noon
Dated ADrll II. 1904.
_ JOHN P. McKEE. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the shareholders of
the San Francisco Gas and Electric Com-
pany for the election of directors and the
transactien of such other business as may
,, comt before it will be held at the offlce of
the company. 415 Post st.. in the city of San
Francisco, Cal., at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. April
28. 1JWJ4 The transfer boots of the com-
pany will be closed from April 10 to and In-
cluding April 26. J!K>4.
(Signed) CHAS. L. BARRETT, Sec
Dated San Francisco. April 12, 1304.
AGISXTS WAATI2D. ~
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
AxnrxBTXssasxifT Trmrnro.
HAVING recently acquired through Exchange
cf property three *40 FChclanships in th» best
College of AdvertiFlnn in the Vnlted Ktates
I will sell th«-m at "Z r>er cent discount for
cs»Fh: the college teaefce? advertising writ-
ing by correspondence end aFMsts its grad-
uate* to fcecure positions; catalogues fur-
ntefc'-d on application. Address box 3C2«i, Call.
ATTonXEVS-AT-LAW.
~~ Pi ADVICE FREE ~. ~
Columbian Law & Coll. Agcy., r. 85 910
Market; phone John 022C; open evenings;
transacts at most reasonable rates all legit-'
imate law business; bonuc furnished In
criminal and civil case*; attachments; large
and Fins II collections taken.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
Kee me and save money: no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
Established 22 yrs. : -rras. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl
1122 Market st. between Mason and Taylor!
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed!
It.. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
Oth floor, entrance room fill; established 2u
jrcara; all cases, prenera! court and office prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
evenines by ert!»lntment. Tel. R'd 30G1.
DIVORCE law a *peoia!ty: no publicity; advice
free; costs $12. Address B.A.S.. P.O.box 2199.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12: quick, quiet; advice
free; open evenings. 027 Market et.. rm. 301.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market rt.; consultation
free; no feey In advance; op«»n evenings.
C2ZDIT CZiOTKXEJUL.
C K. ADAMS~CO~" .! ' rr
SPECIAL -CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole fntn!ly from hats to
rlioes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. SIS Mason st
1 UTSIXESS CHASCES.
j A^?05C0~*"GRILl. *nj barroom, with 8-year
leo^-e; rent *fto: tb; leading, business of its
kind In manufacturing town about CO mil-:*
from >\ F. ; a rate ihanct? for any live man
who wishes tn nalce money; value in sight.
Call B, G. WILKE. 2'J'j Kearny st.
A — $450- DELICATESSEN and pork store;
ab.iut 1 block : ..,u:li of Market: sa'.es sverag.^
?55O iier month: owner has another business
and must sacrifice. Call It. G. WILKE, 20«4
Kearny st. '
NOTICE, hotel men, notice — Furnished hotel.
24 beds, with bar; mining town; give 3-year
leas*; rent $50. G. A. SPARKS. Redding, Cal. j
A — $1250: CORNER grocery store on Kearny 1
st.; full value in sight:, a splendid chanc« I
ior an Iia-tau. Call 1J. G. WILKE, 2t»H
Kearny et.
. a — 575U; SALOON* en Montgomery St.: place
established years; owner clearing about $12u
per month; Investigate: a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 2«»i Kearny et.
A— $750; CORNER talocn on Howard St.: safe,
ccsh register, pool taliie,- ttc; rent $30; i
rooms; position of $-*0u per month accepted
by owner cause of eale. R. G. WILKE,
2(iV» Kearny st.
A — $3000; CAFK and grill room in one of the
hrtt located hotels of this city; rent $100; a
cplendid chance for an active young man
knowing his business; lease; liberal terms
given. Call R. G. WILKE, 26^i Kearny tt.
A— 150t»; saloon, close to Mason and Market;
rent $110; a place established years and doing
a flrst -clasb paying business; value in sight.
fcee R. G. WILKE, 26'A Kearny.
A — fU250; comer saloon on watar front; rent
Jso; good lease; place ectablUhed ytars; in
large brick building and doing an Al busi-
ness; disagreement of partners only cause of
•ale. R. G. WILKE, 2tifr Kearny st.
A $2000 DRUSTORE close to Call building;
Htib. IS years; well paying; value in stocK;
a \ery tare chance for good druggist. Se«
R. G. WILKE. -titt Kearny «t.
A — $3000 — CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg;
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this is one of
the best saloon locations in this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 2t>i* Kearny st.
A — tl0l«'; SALOON and liquor store on Sixth
et. : rent $50; business O K. but owner is en-
gaged In other business; must sell at once.
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $4500; COFFEE, tea and crockery store; one
of the leading businesses of this kind and ia
choicest location in this city; rent $65; all
cash tri«.<ie; ttock will invoice $i'«W; a ver/
rare chance. Particulars R, G. WILKE. 2tf*4
i Keaxny st.
A— $1SOC — COKNEK cigar stand en Kearny;
rent Jio. lease; a good business; come and
investigate. K. O. WILKE. 2UV» Kearny el
Al BLOCK of land, 300x300. in San Lcandro
with bouse of 4 rooms; income $400 per
year lrom fruit; will exchange for dairy
ranch. Ca.ll R. G. WILKK. 2t»Vj Keamy st.
A— 9MUB — CUKNER grocery and bar on Larkin
tt., doing a fine cash business; value in
eight; fresh rtock: no better location in this
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny «L
A— $20CO — COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
waterfront, close tr Market Et. ; place estab-
lished years and well paying; dally receipts
about SCO Cell R. G. WILKE. 26 U, Kearny.
A— J110O— EaLOON. with 3 rooms; close to
Kearcy and Buth ets; rent $73; lease; place
easily clears $20u per month: nice tixtures.
choicest sto:k of liquors. All particulars of
R. Q. WLLKE. 26H Kearny st.
K— $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar on
OTarrell St.; place kept by present owners
F years and doing a good paying cash busi-
aiti; (rtah rtock; value In sight. R. G.
WILKE, 2ti% Kearny st.
A— $050- CORNER bakery, with 4 living
roomf; about 2 blocks north of Market st.;
will be sacrificed If sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A — $750 — CANDY store and Jce cream parlors,
with ztutionery. etc.. on Devisadero St.; 3
living rooms; a splendid location and good
business, gee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $3000: COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
ft.; rent $4O. lease; 3 horses, 6 wagons: bust-
cess estab. jears; Investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st.
A — $1200: COFFEE saloon and bak-rr in
choicest location; r*nt ISO; dally receipts
about $70; a gb«d business, but sickness of
onutr compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A. CAMERON 4c O3 Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell. I
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000 ,
Candy and Icecream parlors $200 to $2500'
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to 52000
Groceries and bars ...$500 to $5000
Saloons ..$300 to $10,000
Restaurants $3r>0 to $20,000
Fruit snd vegetable stores $r.00 to $1000
Drug stores : $2000 to $6000
Delicatessen. stores $230 to $45C0
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for. druggist or
doctor; fine location for drugstore; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $00;
business already established: with 6 rooms
end bath in rear; elegantly furnished
throughout; everything complete for house-
keeping of . the best quality; ¦ price $1800.
CAMERON, & CO.. 3 Eddy Et.
FOR t=ale or trade — Quartz mines: fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg.-house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort: fine
groves: 36-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for bUFln^Fs; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay, vegetables; all
kinds fruit; rent $600 per year: equity In
this $250(1; > death in family cause of ' sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear Investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO,. 3 Eddy et.
FOR sale — Ladies' furnishing and fancy goods
business; cheap rent; well located; estab-
lished 12 years: will Invoice $S0Ou; sickness.
CAMERON & CO. ¦ -
FOR sale — Half interest in good paying, swell
little restaurant: obliged to leave city; a
enap at $275. CAMERON & CO.
T. J. DUNN tt CO., 1312 Market rt. - ' v '
Business Sales Agents. Suite 203 Callaghan
bldg: phone Howard 3468.
We are established about two weeks.
We lock before we advertise.
We let you look afterward.
Just as advertised, that you will find; if
we can afford to advertise, you can Rfford
to look; costs you nothing; cigar stand,
centrally located: invoice $400: rent $50; two-
ye*r lease; price $400. DUNN & CO.
ROOMING-hoase. close in; 14 rooms; rent $60;
$700; part cash, part mortgage. DUNN&CO.
BUSINESS, sales and - commission office;, half
lnteroFt for sale; established 15 years; only
little, money required; youth, activity es-
sential. DUNN & CO.
WE have, customer who wants dairy ranch,
stocked and furnished, with milk route In
near-by country town. Write or phone
DUNN & CO.
$330 SECURES Interest in light office work
whereby party can easily dear $90 monthly;
ref erences * exchanged : experience not neces-
sary; live man wanted; bona fide proposition.
Particulars 10C7% Market St.. room 1.
$123 — PARTNER wanted in broker's and in-
surance offlce; experience not necessary;
must heve wmc references; good opening.
1007% Market st., room 1.
BUSINESS chance that will stand investiga-
tion: barber shop, cigar stand and bootblack
stand for- eale; one of the finest furnished
shops in San Francisco; cigar stand -well
stocked: 7 living rooms upstairs; sublet 4;
clears over $200 mo.; price $2200 cash. Ad-
dress box 13»1. Call. . ..
A — OYSTER and chop house; 14 tables; private
rooms, connected on eecond floor; elegant bar-
gait»: paying business; must be sold; good
locality; established 20 years. H. DOYLE.
:C2.t Market St.; above Slarth. ¦ ¦
GRASP this opportunity — Livery and boarding-
stable, doing a flourishing business, clearing
$40<> monthly; thorough investigation; books
open for Inspection : amazingly low price,
* >.i500. IIINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
MILK men., attention — 30 milking cows, .with
or without pasture, dairy outfit complete; get
a move on if you want them. Apply SIS
Grove, bet. iWebrter and Fillmore, morning.
A SNAP— For sale, the well-known little Del
Monte eoff'-e, San Mateo; established 3 years;
large dining-room: living rooms attached;
reasons, retiring from business.
FOR sals — Paper rente of 800 ¦ papers dally.
' in connection ' with stationery and large list
of periodical subscribers; best cash town on
. ccast. Address box 3040. Call office. .
FOR sale — Finst-clars water front saloon; near
Market: good reasons for selling. ' Inquire
at 6G8 Mission n'.
, LIKE to invest from $200 to $800. besides my
services, tn respectable business. Box 3344,
Call of fire. _ .
OLD established downtown #a loon; best loca-
tion; cause, sickness; no agents. Box 1558,
Call offlce.
WANTED— To buy a half Unterest - or the
whole of a good paying business: state
amount required. Box 3049. Call offlce.
$173; FINE corner cigar stand; fine stock;
1 Cood trade; eee owner. IIS Third «t.
help w " AXT^"r~^ E^l A i^~ w -.
COOtC7or~AUs)ia. see lady here \ $40
»-2 cooks, small hospitals *- -*" "fjn
Cook. liosa valley •'•• •* ™
3 cooks, little washing, city {".**» *~>
Parlor maid. Buriinsam& Vh."!--
3 second girls.' city *- a '» ?-•*
Cook it adults, no washing, city j»-J
Chambermaid, city • *"™
• Woman, with a child for ranch .....»-t/
Cook, * men. country ••""¦;.-,-
Maid and seamstress, sleep home »— >
Housework 2 lamlly. Cheyenne. "V\yo.. iare
paM fz
Nurse, child 14 months old J"V
Nursegirl lor Vailejo **"-"*iiSj
Chambermaid and waiting •?-"
44 general housework giris. city and country.
$20, $25. ?:sc. Apply to J. K. CKOSi.iT u
CO., 331 Sutter st. ' '
WANTED— :50 waitresses and chambermaids
for springs and resorts to call and register at
ouce. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. •?'?4 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS cook for private family ta
country, $5O; a waitress and second girl for
small family in city. $.«); a parlor maid,
maid and waitress, also a chambermaid who
.car. mend a little, for small family la San
Mateo, $25 each; nurse for an. infant, coun-
try, $25; a cook for small institution la city.
$30; a cook for bcarding-house in city. $35.
Call at MISS PLUXKETTS, 425 Sutter St..
near Powell. • » a
A WOMAN with a little girl as working house-
keeper on ranch. $20. Call at MISS PLUNK-
ETTS. 425 Sutter st.. near Powell.
A WORKING housekeeper for gentleman's
household: no cooking; $25: see party her*
at 9:30 this morning. MISS PLUNKETTa.
425 Sutter St.. near Powll. _
A CHAMBERMAID, also waitress, same house.
$23 each, see party here, 11 o'clock; a nurse.
$25; second girl $25; a cook, Berkeley, $^>:
a woman to cook for 8 men. $30; housegiri.
San Rafael. $30; a Swedish girl to take car«
of house, family absent, $30; housegiri. fJo:
2 housegirls $30 each; housegiri. $25. 2 In
family, . light place. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter »t. . ¦¦ '
A CHAMBERMAID to wait, $25, and laun-
dress same country hotel. $25: fares refund-
jed._C. R. HANSEN A CO., 429 Bush st.
WORKING housekeeper; very light place;
country hotel: $25. C R. HANSEN * CO.,
429 Bush st. - ___
A FIRST-CLASS head waitress; reaort; $40.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush »C
AT 503 Mason St.. Mrs. Walser. phone Black
1533— German cook for farm. $25; nursegirl
for child 15 months old, full charge.
A-WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresilng.
manicuring, etc.: trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
iltions to flll immediately: posttions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school ta
West. 233 Geary St.. room 13.
A — Girls to learn, millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to flslstt
In 1 month for $15; posttions as trimmers.
. salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresstng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc 123U Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones room 94: positions secured
at highest wages; day end eve, clasa: call.
A — OPERATORS wanted on ladles' under-
wear: good pay and- steady position. 65«
Mission st.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' wash skirts; good
pay and steady position. 65tt Mission st.
A — OPERATORS en ladies' waists; good pay.
6uU Mission st.
LADIES wanted everywhe»e copying letters at
, home, spare time, and return them to us; no
mailing or canvassing; good pay; no ma-
terials to buy; send reply envelope for par-
ticulars and' wages we pay. Guarantee Cora-
pany. Dept. W 4. Philadelphia. Pa.
WANTED — Pants finishers. Apply S. N. WOOD
& CO.. 27 Geary st.
MACHINE girls wanted to make linings and
breast pockets in coats. S. N. WOOD &
CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED — Bright girl for office; no experience
necessary: wages $20. Apply MARKS BKOi'..,
1220 Market st. -.
WANTED— Cigar box paster; paper box work-
er would/ do; also an apprentice. Apply
ELLIS &.GANTADINE. 22g Fremont st.;
WANTED — A young girl for second I work.
1827 California st.
GIRLS wantid for folding and binding.
UPTON BROS.. 17 Frem&nt st. . , , 1
GIRL 15 or 16 to help with light housework
and tend baby. . 477 Shotwell ot.
EXPERIENCED • makers and apprentices
wanted In millinery store. 692 McAllister st.
WANTED— Waist, skirt and sleeve hands at
MME. GREENE'S. 331 CFarreU st. ¦¦.;..¦
FIRST-CLASS millinery saleswoman and trim-
mer. 72 Geary st.' .
GIRLS wanted who are experienced in wrap-
ping; good wages and steady position; apply
between 9 and 10 a. tn.. or 12 and 1. L
MAGNIN & CO.. 43-33 Ellis St.
LADIES who are competent fitters; apply be-
tween 0 and 10 a. m. I. MAGNIN & CO..
43-53 Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED Jacket and skirt makers for
ladies' suit department; apply between J» and
10 a. m. I. MAGNIN & Co.. 43-53 Ellis st.
WANTED— Experienced ribbon girl to go t»
Stockton. - Apply between 9 and 11 a- m. at
HALE BROS.' . -
A YOUNG girl, care of children and do light
upstairs work,. $12 to $15. Apply 233 Third
ave.; Sutter and Sutro cars.
WANTED — Young girl for general housework;
need not cook. 1S31 Eddy st.
GIRL to assist with baby and light housework.
Apply .afternoon -at 2971 California st.
EXPERIENCED shirt waist maker wanted.
GLUCK, 13S3 Geary «t.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH offlce of The Call, tor the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st., opposite Fifth.
Open ¦ until' H- p. m.
HELP WANTED — MALeJ
A^pXi^HTC^EMl'LO^ ~
526 — Montgomery st. — 528.
;¦•.'. Phone Marln 1191 — Upstairs.
CARPENTERS. CARPENTERS.
10 carpenters, new work, long Job, call early
good wages— carpenters. - .
FREE FARE. . FREE. FARE.
20 laborers, you'll suit, long Job, free. Are.
near city, $2. -
Blacksmith, small country shop; -bellboy;
country hotel. - $20 and found, free fare; 2
men. dig postholes and fix fences, ranch $3O
and found; 5 ranch, hands, $28 to • $30 * and
found; handy man, ranch, boss here. $30 and
found; waiter, city hotel. $30 and found -
laundryman. S33 and found; 100 other posi-
tions. Call and see us..
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
14 Third st. : phone Bush 405.
«••"» NEVADA.
GOVERNMENT WORK; 8 HOURS. * -
Teamsters, laborers and drillers. $2 to $2 30
a day; ship daily; fare refunded; 2 years*
work.
4 ranch ¦ hands, Sonoma County, ' $2(5 and • fd.
6 ranch hands, $32 50 a month and board.
: 4 'men tor rock quarry. $60 a month.
2 . ranch , teamsters, $:15 and . board.
Still man, oil refinery. $00 a month.
Mixer or : hodcarrier, $.t a day.
Carpenter, near city. 8 ' hours. $3 50 a day
10 men to cut .wood. pine. 4 feet. $1 2* a
cord, tools land cabin furnished.' .
GARDENER, $TO and found; teamster $2 50
day; man . and wife. t pri vat* family *50- ::
farmers and wives. $40, *43 and $50 and
found;: bootblack, $10 week; Jobbing black-
smith. $3 day; carrlagesmith, $.'! day 2
wagonmakers, country. ?5O and found- lau-i
dryman, $33 and found: farmers $25 and $ »
and found; milkers, ?^0 and $35 and found •
stable boy, private family, «20 and found-
fry cook, $14 week: potwasher. ?:$0 : di.«n-
washers. $20 ¦. and' $25 and found; kitchen
. man. baker's helper and others. J F
CROSETT & CO..' 628 Sacramento si
AT CONTRACTORS* AGe"nCY ~~
03 THIRD ST.- Telephone Main 5321
Man and wife at dairy, near city. $C0 and
/board: sectlcn foreman. , near city '$«>• 3
laborers a for road-making. California. $2*CO.
Teamsters for Nevada..;. '.'.. ¦*-» «3
Laborers for Nevada ..... • '"-' -in
¦.t:a*: ¦¦¦¦¦••- ¦ hord & smith." * ":*"--"
A • SCANDINAVIAN or German man and wife
private family. • city, $3O. MRS. NORTON*
H13 Sutter st. •
A ~ M°!^ L Tp A !ziTTE. 26~M<inTiomery. r. vL
Third ; cook. $50 ; nlgjh^ej^r_maj;.ssa. "
YOUNG 'man about 20 years of age for~^ffl7e
work; experience necessary: high, school
?^o at f™ r)^ forrwL A »P«y at I. MAGNIN it
»-(J. s, 42 Ellis st.. 9 ; a. Lm.
WANTED— One flm-class carriage blacksmith:
steady employment at $3 to $1 50 per day of
0 _hours. r Apply; to A. MEISTKR , & . SONN3
..'; CO.. : Sacrarr.cnto. ' Cal.
A NUMBER of positions open In the Emporium
tend*™rV'bffl Kht " n€at b ° 1 '*" Appl7 « 1J P«» n -
nr«5INESf» CUANCES — CoBtlaoed.
A^STR ANGERS. ATTENTION! . ' t
Are ytu looking for a safe and profitable
i-i'slness onenlrg In San Francisco? If so.
we can offer jou any number requiring an
investment frcm ?100 to $50,000; every busi-
ness b|.|.ottunity that passes through our of-
fice must iiAntl the closest investigation, and
we oan pl;ice you In a store, factory, hotel,
mill, offlce, or. In fact, any business you
»i3«y . prefer. ... ... . .
_GERMAV;a INVEST. CO.. 927 Market ft.
A— BANKAXD COMMERCIAL References. .
OERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market tst.
A~GOOD~ OPEN ING
For a young man \\i\o can invest $500 in .a
high-class real estate rffice and fill position
of cacliler; experience not necessary; inveat-
m<-rjt Pccuicd t t.c $20 weekly, guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A^WE^VILL^FullNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A^SHIPPINGAND TRANSPORTATION.
A business man who can invest $5000 cash,
with services, can secure good opening wiin
h'gh-claFs company in this city.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st^
A^WE~CAN~FURNISH YOU~A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— HOTEL FOR SALE~~
New and modern; SO rooms; richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room with 16 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can ouy
throughout; finest linen and best silver ser-
%-ice; 10 years' lease: $10,000; easy terms.'
_GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A^WE~CAN~SELL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market »t.
A— $100 REWARD • . ..-
Will be paid f cr legal • proof showing ibat
any person ever lost a dollar, who lnvoued
any money In or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY,
Incorporated under the Jaws of California. .
Capital stock. $50,000.
P27 Market rt.. rooms 321. 322. 323. 324.
A^ONLY ~HiGH-CLASS~INVESTMENT3. '"."
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market it.
A— ~2 PER CENT MOSTHLr
On investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rich-quick" swindle or gambling -scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A — ICVe refer to 10000 successful clients.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A^ A SAFE~iNVESTMENT7~
$1000 cash and services secure interest and
office of treasurer in an incorporated realty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured; highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR BUSINESS.,*
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market at.
A^ >IE^cllANTsT~A~TTENTION!
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
A — Largest brokerage company on Pacific Coast
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
a^ theTIbest investment.
100 shares of gold stock of the Northern Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August, 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
FOR sale — Very reasonable; Marln County
right to sell the Kincaid Ideal Washing Ma-
chine; a good opportunity for the right
man. Address box 1506, Call offlce.
FOR SALE— A small hotel. furnished, on
Beach Hill, Santa Cruz; also furnished cot-
l tase for rent. Addrees "J. S.," G<J Wash-
\ lngton st. ,
FOR sale — Stock of poultry and fruit ranch;
17 acres,- JO acres fruit; cheap rent. F.
LEITHMAN. Lincoln ave.. Dimond.
FOR SALE — A general merchandlFe store tn
a good business town In San Joaquln County.
Full particulars box 3637. Call offlce.
GENERAL merchandise store in a growing
town in this State; will Eell whole or half
interest. Box 35SS. Call offlce.
GENERAL merchandise and feed store on N.
P. C. R. R. for sale; will either sell prop-
erty or rent same. Address box 3532. Call.
FURNITURE and hardware store In a live
city in California for sale. Address box
4120. Call office.
CIGAR stand for sale In a good location on
Kearny st. ; stock and cash register; good
cause for selling. Box 4210, Call offlce.
HARDWARE and plumbing business for sale
on cccount of going out of business. Apply
1454 Seventh St., Oakland.
$500^ — FOR sale; bargain; saloon on Sixth St.,
near Folsom. 112 Ellis st., bst 12 & 1. o'clock.
$10,000 CASH only: sawmill in good locality
for sale. Box 158S. Call.
WANTED — Gcod carpenter as partner In Job
shop. 3373 Eighteenth st.
WILL sell paint shop; established trade; free
rent. 1934 Market st. 1
HALF interest old established real estate office
. in Berkeley. P. O. box 162, Oakland.
WANTED— Men with some capital to' take
positions in new company. Box 3503. Call.
GROCERY with bar wanted. Address with
lowest price, box 4232. Call offlce. .-
FOR SALE — Restaurant: good location. Box
3111. -Call offlce. -
DELICATESSEN store for sale; good location
In the MUtslon. . Box. 3014. Call offlce. 5
GROCERY store in East "Oakland for sale;
low rent; stable and yard. Box 3098, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS massage parlor, doing good
bdstnes<:, /or sale cheap. Apply "IS Larkln st.
A BRANCH offlc» of The Call for tbe reception
cf advertisements and subscriDtlons has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until il p. m. .
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
\ 400 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front of flees.
Phone 'Black 3607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Uj.-to-da.te title abstract free with every sale.
BEAUTIFUL "
APARTMENTJJOUSE of 37 rooms; beautifully
ufrnisbed W velvet and blrdseye maple; new
January, 1904; easy terms if requested.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
SWORN STATEMENT.
Rooming-house; roomers select business men
who require, quiet and refined surroundings;
<;0 rooms, splendidly furnished; electric ele-
vator, electric lights; a widely known house;
price $5C00; half cash and monthly install-
ments to suit buyer; long lease; the manager
' will-show his books and make sworn state-
ment, that $2S7 was cleared last month.'
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 406 Examiner bldg.
" " perfect! ~~ ;
PERFECT bandbox of a house; clearing. $143;
24 rooms on Sutter st.; swell: and full of
steady roomers. See MARION GRIFFIN.
VERY FINE
APARTMENT HOUSE near NOB HILL; 100
rooms; beautifully furnished and full of nice
people; long lease; exact book accounts show
$4<;s profit . monthly. Get full particular* of
MARION GRIFFIN.
SUPERABUNDANTLY furnished Jan., 1904.
' .MULTUM IN PARVO..
31 large sunny rooms — new building — straight
rooming-house.' see? Fine location, near
Geary and Jones; eminently respectable; make
offer to . MARION GRIFFIN.
I -" ~~ SPECIAL, 40. ~~~ r
ANOTHER, only with MARION GRIFFIN:
A 2-story house of 40 rooms; good furnish-
ings; all men roomers; rent $110; clears $156
monthly; reduced to $3000.
CLEARS $106 MONTHLY.
RECOMMENDED. 17-room house on Van Ness
ave. for $1500; rent $00; very, little work for
landlady: fine appearing house, inside . and
out; exquisitely furnished in elegant oak and
mahogany; ¦ rich Brussels carpets.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
MITCHELL & CO ......... Phone Jessie 29SI
1206 Market st., opposite Sixth. -
• 16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40; sell or exchange: price $650.
20 rm».; choice corner rooming-house; .unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomera /
25 rooms: well-appointed , housekeeping*
suites; landlady must sell; make offer. .
MITCHELL & CO.. 120(i Market st.
100 ROOMS; tunny corner; rent $125. ...$4500
112 rooms; cUars $350; low rent........ $4500
80 rooms: furniture nearly new.......... $3800
15 rooms;. fine location., north of Market .$900
40 rooms; In Oakland: new; rent $UO...$2oOO
12 rooms; V, cash: cheap rent $000
. Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st. -.."¦-.
10 ROOMS and 2 baths; nicely furnished; rent
$50; clears $40; rents well; leaving city and
must sell. .1126 ¦ Howard st.
SMALL Jodglng-house. 7 rooms and bath; nice-
ly furnished: $250; call afternoons. 230A'
Third st. -
7 ROOMS and bath; clean, desirable home;
$275. COS Taylor Bt.,' near. Post. "-.-.
1»J' ROOMS; rent $S0; water? tree: 2V4-year
lease; 'furnished new; make offer." 323 Taylor.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, APRIL ' 14, 1904.
13
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$5230— A RARE barraln; chance of a life-
time; two beautiful np-to-date modern 8-
room flats on Clinton - ave. * bay 'frontage;
beautiful marine rirsr; elegant surf bathing:
bathhouses, etc: this Is a rare ctance: don't
overlook It. HAMMOND It HAMMOND. 1423
Park .st. -'.¦¦¦¦.-. - . -.¦: » ¦ y
. BEEKELEY AD VEBT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY nEAL ESTATE.
$2600— HALF block by *the Santa Fe; $50
month. .
$1400 — New cottage. 5 rooms; bath, pantry,
city water, sanitary plumbing: lot 50x100: 1
block from electric . cars; $150 down. $25
monthly.
$$50— Ntat cottage, 5 rooma and bath; near
station .of local train. .
$500 — Lot, 50x120. on broad macadamized
street: $50 down, $10 month'v; interest 8 per
cent net.
$1200 — House. 4 rooms; garden, etc.: $1AO
down. $10 per month.
$1850— House, 0 rooms and fc&th; lot 50x130;
small barn: street sewered.
$1250 — Business corner on .lnclpal avenue;
lot 60x100. ¦ ¦ ; •
$1500— Lot for factory site. 221x123.
$250 — Triangle lot. 40x120. with creek lined
with willows: $25 down. $10 month.
$1100— House. 4 rooms: lot 47x123: $100
down. $15 per month.
$375— Business lot, 20x75; $20 down.
$250— Lot, 60x100; $25 down; $5 month.
" CHAS. A. BAILEY,
1056 University are., .nr. San Pablo av».,-
¦ ¦ West Berkeley. ;
FOR SALE— House of 7 rooms; lot 42x100;
$1500. Address owner. 1608 Ward st, Ber-
keley.
;> BEgimLET HOT-3I.3.
HOTEL BERKELEY REOPENS— This ele-
gantly appointed bouse U now under a naw
and experienced management. The service is
first -class, the accommodations homelike, the
treatment of guests courteous, the rates low.
The hotel Is situated on Dwight way, ona
block west of the Dwight way station, and is
therefore convenient to both the Key route-
. and S. P. ferry systems. Rates, per day.
transient, are from $2 to $3, and per month
are *3O to $0O, according to apartments. Ban-
quets and wedding dinners will be served oa
short notice In the most fashionable and de-
lightful manner. All interested in this an-
nouncement are Invited to call at the house
and Inspect it. Any- further information ds-
slred will be promptly given. Tel. Dana 13tf.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
ABILITY ALE HEAL ESTATE.
CHAS. F. LEE. ~-~~—
1; ••_. , * Y Phone Val» 239.
Office H block from Frultvale Station. .
$3.V> cash — Nice cottage of 3 rooms, sur-
rounded by flowers, fruit trees and berry vines;
nice chicken house and chicken yard: on the
car line; lot 35x115; price, all told, $1000;
completely furnished.
$1350 — New, up-to-date Queen Anne cottage
of 3 large rooms; lot 75x100, Inclosed with
nice fence; all on high ground; close to street
cars and good school ; a lovely home for little
money.
$200 cash — New 6-room cottage; corner lot.
being -15x71x104; close to train, fine school and
'ofr'niCO™ 1 monlhl y Payments $15; price all
$4Ci) cash, balance $14 50 monthly; 4 rooms
and bath; high basement cottage: abundance
of berries and flowers; two lines of street cars
within a block; fine schools: lovely neighbor-
hood: lot 35x140: Drice. all told, $1525.
$300 cash, balance $12 per month; large 4-
room cottage; fine well of water; chicken yards
and houses; set out in berries and small vege-
tables: fine place for chicken ranch; lot lOOx
245; close to the foothills; street cars and fine
school near by; price, all told, $1300.
$75 lots In the beautiful Roea Lee Tract; fine
soli; grand view; new homes rapidly going up:
no cold winds or wet fogs, and lots only $75
each ; $5 down, balance $2 W> per month.
CHARLES F. LEE.
1222 Fruitvale avenue. •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND RE-AX ESTATE.
~ BELDEN S BARGAINS.
$400 will buy lot 25x127 on Adeline st., near
ISth st. and new De Fremery Park; grab it
quick.
$125- for a lot. 27x110 on Baker rt., near
Carrlson. Berkeley.
$10,C00: Fine factory site of 4 acre* front-
Ing on S. P. R. R. and San Pablo ave. in
West Berkeley.
$.1100— Splendid Income and investment spec-
ulation; flats with 50- foot let In rapidly im-
proving section- and well rented.
Special snnis: I am Instructed to close out
the heirs* interests in the Jones estate, com-
prising 2 six-room cottages on Jones St., near.
Telegraph ave.,' with lots 45x100 each, at $35OO
and $3220; 4 six-room cottages on Jones st.,
near Grove, with lots 30x100 each, at $2500
apiece: 60-foot lot on Jones st. at $2000; 28-
acre and 21%-acre piece in Fruitvale at $400
to $450 per acre, and lot 50x120, N. E. cor.
34th and Grove sts.. $2100. . These are tacrl-
flce prices to force. Immediate sales. Coma
quick before they're all gone.
BELDEN. Real Estate. 1112 Broadway, Oak-
¦ . land. ¦_ .
BARGAIN IN REAL. ESTATE.
The guardian of the estate of MART A.
STARR has filed with the Probate Court (Judge
Greene's department), Oakland. Cal.. a peti-
tion for confirmation of sale cf the old "STARR
HOMESTEAD," northwest corner of Seven-
teenth and Grove sts.. Oakland — 196 feet on
Seventeenth st. by 107:6 feet on Grove^-for
$12,000; the petition will come up for hearing
before Judge Greene, in Oakland, on Monday.
April IS. at 10 a. m., when any parties desir-
ing to make an advance on said bid may be
heard from.
LOOK AT THIS.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY A HOME CHEAP
AND ON EASY -TERMS. IT WILL PAY YOU
TO SEE P. C. LASSEN.- 466 TENTH ST.,
OAKLAND. CAL.
BARGAIN. .
A fine 10-room house in East Oakland; good
'location; lot 65x150. with stable, etc.: all.
street work done; easy terras. P. C LAS-
S.EN & CO.. 466 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
$1000 CASH. $13 monthly— Cottage of • rooms,
bath. etc. ; good barn and stable, chicken-
house, .large chicken range, flowers and Im-
mense 'trees. In fine section, one block from
cars; city water, sewer, gas; away from
¦ for- and cold winds; sandy loam soil; :i
lovely spot: adjoining East Oakland; »ls«
100x200; all fenced; this Is a take-In at once:
property price in all $2600. Call or send Cor
circular. 455 Seventh St., opp. Broadway
station, Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONE3. Land Owner.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture H. Schelbaas.llth st..cor.store.Oaklaml.
San Francisco 'Advertisem'ts
nOOMS- FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALL sunny: best in city: 3 or '4 rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENT8. 1560 Sacramento st.. nr. Larkln.
ELEVENTH. 211— Two connecting bay wtn-
¦ dow rooms . for light housekeeping. - .- -
FRANKLIN. 203— Three nicely... furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; sunny corner flat.
FULTON. 233 — Two connecting housekeeping
| rooms: gas range, (grate: no children.
HOWARD. 737 K— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms: rent reasonable; suitable, for- light
housekeeping. . ;
HOWARD. ' 1310 — 2 elegantly ¦ furnished rooms
for housekeeping and one stngte room.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine—
. Sunny, furnished 3-room suites;, steam neat*
' ed. electric lighted: free baths; rate $30 up.
LARKIN. 613— 3 large, light rooms; 2 closets:
' gas.* running water grate., phone; first floor;
$23 60. . . .
'LARKIN. 817 »¦_— -Nicely furnished 'sunny front
room; folding bed. gas stove; reasonable.', ¦
MASON. 417— Furnished ¦ rooms, suitable ¦ for
housekeeping; also single rooms.
MCALLISTER, 533 — Large sunny parlor; gaa
range; not bath; $12; suite $7; adults. -
MCALLISTER, 1671— Connecting sunny fitting-
room and bedroom, compete; kitchen, bath;
¦ . reasonable.' . . ¦_ . ¦ _j_^
MISSION,*, RJ.V- 2 . furnished rooms for ¦ house-
keeping; biff yard for children, i
MODE!/ House, * 1206 ; Stockton— Front house-
keeping rooms; $5 to $12; gas; bath; sunny.
OAK.' 436 — Three ; nicely ¦ furnished hoosekeep^
¦ -ing rooms; use of bath, phone; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 730 — Nice sufiny rooms for house-
- keeping; $3. $12. $15, $20; conveniences.'
O'FARRELL. ' 1515— A large. , nicely furnished
sunny front housekeeping room with connect- -
- Ing kitchen:. - . . . -¦ ' . - - .
Continued on Faye , Fourteen! '•'.
HELP AVAXTED — MALE— Con.
FOR RALE— Cheap. 3- chair barber shop; 2
baths, laundcy office and cigar stand: opp.
S. P. depot; good location; 1 door from P. O. :
relllng on account cickness. Address P. O.
box 241. Reno. Nev.
AGENTS $5 to ?15 a day. Traders' Advertis-
ing Agency. 724 Hayward Bldg.
GENT to solicit printing and advertising. Ap-
ply 619 Filbert «U
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard gt,
YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters.
green hands, tor ships. Herman's, 27 Steuart.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullls, r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church st*.
A BRANCH. of flee of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market mU. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m. ¦
ALL cites men's choec, slightly damaged, halt
price. CC3 Mission gt.. bet. 1st and 2d «ta.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to fiOr. f.C3 Mission «t.. bet, let and 2d sts.
tmr.v -WAITTED — SOLICITOUS.
PORTRAIT solicitors, city and country: expense
ad\-s.nccd: largest com. ever paid. 525 Valencia,
HORSES AXD WAGOSS.
AUCTION eale of hones every Wednesday at
I 11 a. m.. 327 Sixth St.; every horse must be
• as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
BECOND-HAXD open hacks, watronettes, 3-
reaters and tUFiness buggies. CO11VIIJL.
MANUFACTURING CO.. 48 Eishrh St.
EAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College — Noxt
pecsitm begins June C. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. f>10 Golden Gate ave,
FINE river bottom paeturage: green feed year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Ccsta
County. Address Nucleus. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
WANTED — One (span mares, weight 1200 to
14uO r-ounds each; also 2 entail saddle ponies
or donkeys. 1343 WebFter st.
ALL kinds of business buggies, rubber-tire rod
buggies, carts, surreys and wagons for tale
cheap. 1504-S Folsom «t.
BLACK horse for sale; 0 years old; weight
about 1100 lbs; gentle and a fine traveler.
Box JC33. Call office.
WANTED — A sound, gentle horse; one that
will Ftand without tying; for delivers* wagoD.
Box 35«f.\ Call office.
WANTED— Ufe of horse and buggy daily. 1 to
S p. m. Box 1">C7. Call office.
Larg-ct aFFOrtmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey.harneEs.work.drivins horses. 15th- Valencia.
A WFKK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
lfi uagpy. |-j wrapper, for Trailing. $1 per year.
HOCSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED liFt of hous?« to let: «nd fcr cir-
cular. G. H. UMESEN & CO.,' 20 Montgomery.
LANGTON £t., eff Bryant — 4 rooms, yard and
basement; $11. Apuly G. A. LEP.OUX. 2a
New Montgomfry st.
MCALLISTER. I!'©— 12 rooms, bath and bll-
llard-room; $CO: water free: modern.
BEFORE moving grit our printed list cf houses
to let. BALDWIN &¦ HOY>~ELL. 25 Pest St.
BOUSE-I TO LET — rillXiSHED.
A COMPLETELY furnlFhed hou»er"7~Targe
sunny rooms and bath: large yard and base-
ment; relerenct-s required. Ir.quirs 9 to 11
a. m. and 5 to 7 p. m.. 104 Pierce, nr. Haight.
TO rent — Spacious, furnished house; large
grounds; 6ausal!to; rent J100; short term if
desired. Apply Bex 1216. Call office. ¦
FOLHOM, C47 — Lower. Dart of house; 4 rooms
end bath: complete: piano.
HOUSES FIRMSUED FOR SALE.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 305 — 9-room house; rea-
eonable: clean: payments; leaving city.
HOUSES TO LET — STJBUKBAN.
FOR rent — Furnished hcuse. consisting of
kitchen, dining-room. 4 sleeping rooms and
bath; plenty shade. Address C W. GOOD-
WIN. Wrights. Cal.
LAUNCHES rOB HIKE.
C. A. McXEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
et.; for pleastire and business.; tel. Bush 534.
LOST AAIJ FOtXD.
LOST — Two passbooks with the Hlbernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the names of ANNIE CUNNINGHAM and
JOHN CUNNINGHAM: Nos. 244-1403 and
21»-li35. The finder will please return to
bank.
LOST— From stable of S. S. Bailey. Sec. J.
Oakland racetrack, brown filly; roached mane
with haJter on Any one furnlnhlng infor-
mation leading to her recovery will be liber-
ally rewarded. S. S. BAILEY.
$20 REWARD— Strayed or Ftolen. April 8, from
Geary «nd Market Fts., bay horse with left
foot branded; 74 under mane; business
buggy, red gear and dark body. Return to
. 1S50 Grctn tt.; tel. Geary 2732.
LOST— Female dog; nearly white; has few
black rrx>t« and long black ears; long hair;
answers to name of "Dottle"; reward. 72u
Castro st.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Savings
juid Loan Society of San Francisco in the
name of Ca.-per D. McCauley. No. 2S3-12W0;
the finder will please return to bank.
LOFT — Pin. four-leaf clover, preen enamel,
pearl edge, diamond center. Return to 2570A
Market Ft.
LOST — On Saturday, old-fanhloned gold band
" fcrooch. set with garnets, between Alhambra
and ferries. Apply CLAUSSEN. 815 Battery.
LOST— A yourg, Scotch collie; license 1912 on
collar. Return to southeast corner Page and
Buchanan sts. ; liberal reward.
LOST— At PretMlo. near McDowell ave., email
memorandnm buck. Return to 228 O'Farrell.
LOST— On 4th et.. Sun. afternoon, opera glasses
in red y'.uth bag. 1421 Howard Bt.: reward.
MEDICAL. ~~
LADIES desiring cafe, ture and quick relief
from irregularities ccncult me at once; my
methodi* are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or write
without dflay; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITK. 702 Market et.. rooms 7 and 8.
A — LADIES, if you are suffering from irregu-
larities or any ailment you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first. My
method of treatment Is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee Immediate relief from
any case or make no charges. Advice free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER, 218 Kearny.
ALWAYS be advised and treated by a grad-
uate |,hj>ician; positively the only one here
capable' and willing to restore you to happi-
ness; relief for irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladles; If In trouble consult him
without cc*t or fee: call or write; conflden-
tlal. DR. R. H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
¦old: price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets: price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
EHS, wholesale druggist..- Seventh and
Broadway. Oakland.
DR. G W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this, specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 101S Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. npeclallst for ail female
complaints and irregularities; lnFtant relief
. guaranteed; 30 years* experience. S26 Post Bt.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
llef guaranteed. IQOSVi Market St.. opp. 5tb-
Drs. O'jodwln. 733 Turk. nr. Van Nes»^ — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; lnst. relief;
treatment $10; hours. 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low lees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2935 Folsom st., corner
26th; ladies, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
> original method of treatment. 1126 Market et.
DR. NG, TOY KEE. 319 Powell «t.. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
M- S CC LLAXEOUS WAXTS.
MACHINERY wantcd-r-Compounrt engine,
about 200* n. p.; «urfac« condenser; circulat-
ing pump; machine lathe.. 15 or 16 inch
ewlnjr; generator, etc., 110-200 volts. 75 k. w.
Address Mr 15C5, Call office.
CALIFORNIA Housewr*cker Co. pays the
highest price ¦ for buildings and will remove
the larctft building in 10 day*. Office and
yard N. W. cor. Mission and Teqth st».
EHOES wasted; misfit tz. castoff; highest prcs.;
new - & 3d hand shoes for sale. 719 Mission.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS — Con.
ABSOLUTE 'BARGAINS IN PIANOS. .
One In fair order.. ..' .$10
One a little belter. ....""... .....$15
Another, condition good $23
Also a Chlckerlng, Mason & Hamlln. two
Stelnways, Knabe, Vose. Sterling, Mayson.
Emerson, Hallct & Davis, Starr and many
others, from $55 up: easy terms; fully guar-
anteed. BKNJ. CUHTAZ & SON. ltt O'Far-
rell st. , .
NEW uprighr pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
menU. " SCHMITZ & CO.. l(i McAllister st.
3-PEDAL Steinway up. ;Chlckerinjf baby grand;
Shonlnger, little used. Keeffe's; 2S5 O'Farrell.
SOIIMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecilian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 3CS-312 Post st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Cali,
10 pag»s. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
' ¦ l'KltSOS ALS.
NOTICE — Any one having claims against ma
dr ray business at ICS Fourth st. will pleaee
present the same at said place-and they will
be paid on presentation.
. ' E. R. ARMSTRONG.
April 13, 1004. _.
THE HERMANN SANITARIUM. . '
Insomnia, mental and nervous diseases cured;
liquor and drug habits; massage; medicated
baths; country, place Lake to.: terms to phy-
sicians; call or write. % 1375 Waller, bet. Ma-
sonic ave. and.Aahbury st. ; tel. Fell S37.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face, --
- With a real, genuine "baby skin." '
Don't forgliet the name. M. ELLA HARRIS
The number, 781- O'Farrell st.,' near Larkln."
Call or write for | book. free.
'. . "Hints - on Beauty."
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, . im-
proves its growth, Mops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ao-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
A — MICROTINE. a positive cure for catarrh,
cold in the h*ad, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO., 272.8th.
WOULD rentleman who . saw ladj<" with a
child dragged on McAllister-street . line Frl-
¦ day -evening, March 11,, kindly leave his ad-
dress at 1048 McAllister st.
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
. (-killed specialist from Europe. /Apply Central
Pharmacy, 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG'carpets- wove* to border and for sale;, also
chenille- wove rugs. Bilk portieres-' dealer- In
. carpet twine,, in, hank, or chain, at -lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
AFINE' Bult;to order on 'easy Installments of
$1 a week." LEON. 1 LEMOS.M127' Market St.,
between Seventh and Eighth. - - -¦-. ;
AT less. than cost;- uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at * CHARLES LYONS' - London
' Tailor. : 721 ijMarket st. .-,..,,.
DRUNKENNESS," morphine and all drug, dls-
eases ¦ poeltively ,; cured ¦ by , Willow Bark • Co.,
tilS.Shctwell: consultation free; call or write
SOCIAL dances . Wed.", ¦ Thurs.,? Sat. and Sun.;
classes : Mor4(3ayF.', ¦ Fridays. = Louise , Foster's
School i of : Dancing, 'ilBSG Market, nr. Larkln.
SUITS to order on Installments of }1 per week.
NEUHAUS&CO. (Inc.). tailors.. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travera, 1 170 Market.
Actlna 1 restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh.* A' VIDA Co., 3524,10th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. .Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3G9 But-'
ter, r. C09. > Miss vEaton. 233 Geary, room - 33.
MASQUERADE UoatumeB, ':, play -books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO..- 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE cult $7 SO: dress' pants $2 CO.
•; Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor.'- Bush; and; Dupont.,
ALFREDUM'S i Egyptian J Henna » restores •: gray
-•'hair to Its natural color. $1:, at all druggists'.'
, PAl_MIiTllY;: ;;•;¦". ;': "X^: r^', ? .
H. JEROME FOSELLI. . ecientlftc palm!;'. "13
; ' Taylor st.;* near Geary.-" Phone Black 561. " ,
WANTED— MALE— Con. ,
WURKAY «TrEADY?~ C14-C30 Clay Et.
PHONE MAIN 5S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
KVERT EMPLOYER OF HELP
FURNISHED with fin>t -class skilled and
¦unskilled hrlp.
EVERY MAN WANTING WORK.
If competent t« fi'l position, YOU CAN
HAVE IT
IN OUR OFFICE
ALL. MEN ARE EQTAL— NO DISTINC-
TION.
WE SPEAK
GERMAN. GREEK. ITALIAN,
SPANISH, SWISS, FRENCH.
EM 1903 we pave During 15)04 we hope
work to 60,000 men to increase C0.000.
YOUR FARE FREE'. LOOK— FREE FARE |
TO FTATE OF NEVADA
If you stay- four month*. THAT'S ALL.
L\ 8. GOVERNMENT WORK.
2C5 two-horse teamsters, $60.
150 laborer* ; you'll suit; $C0.
'.'.-¦ drillers; rrvkmen; hammerEmen; $75.
12 machine drillers. $90.
i:-.tht bours' work daily: hundreds going;
ARE YOU!
$1— FEE— THAT'S ALXr-41.
ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
Center of great minor, land of sunshine.
BIG WAGES.
810— Miles— f3 10.
2555 teamsters, laborers. driller*, etc. $2
to $3 BO day.
CLOSK TO PRESCOTT.
IN CALIFORNIA-
IS laborer*, big mine co., $75, $67 BO.
12 machine miners, gold quart*. $90.
16 mucker* gold quarts. $<i7 50.
TO FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC.
126 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, all
over California; S2o. $2ti. ?30. $35 fd.
35 coed tea. mplerB, $20, $30 fd.
56 milkers, located everywhere, $30. $35 fd.
12 butter-makers, separator tenders, etc.,
$40 fd: IS choreboy*. men. etc.. $15, $20, $25,
$50 fd. *
CHOREMEN. GARDENKRS. STABLEMEN
18 Btablemen. city, country, $35 end fd. to
*75; 12 coacbmni, cboremen and roustabouts,
$25 and $30 and found.
«? farm hands, orantre groves. $26 found.
Man build fences, fare 50c. on ranch. $25 fd.
Man understands little gardening. $30 found.
Ptablcman. mine town, $30 and found.
Stableman, wash cans, ctty dairy. $25 fd.
4 men plant vineyards, laborers will do, $28
e:.u found.
0 gardeners, rome vegetable, some flowers,
$30 and found.
MEN AND WIVES.
& milkers and wives, farmers and wive», etc.,
$o0 ard found.
MECHANICAI*
C cocfers.
2 machinists, *3 25 <Jay: machine blacksmith
. helper. ?75.
2 gang foremen. Nevada, boss here; cement
r.nisher: 3 lumbermen, lumber company, $3
day; planer and sticker hands. $3 Any up.
Machinist, bench work, tare $1. $3 day.
Carriage blacksmith »0c fare. $3 day.
« blacksmith helpers, tack on shoes, $2 to
$2 13 day.
fi horreahoers. country Jot».
Fticker hand, city mill, »4 day.
12 blacksmiths, different Jobs. •
2 brick loaders, exceptionally pcod Job, f- oo
Blacksmith, all-rcund shop, fare $1, $2 50
G^nV edFerman. fare $1 25. $.'.5 to $70 found. I
CARPENTERS— MILLWRIGHTS.
5 millwrights, fare S3, $120.
3 carpenters, fare 70c. $3 day.
10 carpenters, housework, fare oOc, $»0.
Ffcip's Joiner, extra pood job. $4 day.
• Flren__n dredger $4*i and found.
WOODCHOPPERS.
2T-5 men to cut -wood all over CaUforn.a.
12 laborers, fare $1, steady Job, $17^
12 teamster* fare $1. steady job *l .o.
Eastern young man. milk 20 cows. $30 fd.
German -Swiss milker, city. $io fd.
2<J etableboy IS years, millionaire s stable,
$20 fd.
2 m^n in nurrery. you'll suit. $26 fd.
3 fMerly men milk 1 cow. Co chores. $15 fd.
Boy grocery More. ctty.
. 12 *heei> herder*. Nevada State. 5^5 rfl.
Sheep herders Yolo County. $30 fd.
Milker End wife, boss at our office. $60 I—
2 stablemen, mine town, north. $^5 fd. each.
4 vine grafters, boss here. $2 cay fd.
HOTEL DEPT.
18 cooks for hotels, saloons, mines, cafes,
ranches nr.d Fun-.nicr resorts. $30. $40. $«0
T" d waJter» n diGerent Job*. $25. $30. $35 and fd
12 <!UhwaEhers. $20. $25 and $30 and found.
2 bellboys . first -class hotels, $15 found.
3 hotel porters. $20. $25 found.
Camp cook. 30 men. helper there, fare 25c..
$10 found: waiter, exceptional good mine, $30
found; 3 boys, wash dishes, 25c fare, you'll
• uit $15 found.
B VKERS
Cook, baker, small ehop. country. $55 found.
Pastry cook and baker, city Institution. $40 fd
t baiers 2 helpers. $40. $:«>. $50 found.
LAUNDRYMEN.
Laundryman. city institution. $=5 fd.
12 1-uindrymen. different classes of work.
6 helpers, no experience wanted, come eee us.
Cook Santa Clara County, $30 and found.
Nlsrht cook, fare &0c. $S5 and found.
Camp cook, city, lew men, $40 and found.
Cook, city hotel, extra good job, $40 found.
Elevator boy extra e°od hotel, $10 found.
Toung man. little experience, city bakery.
$25 and found.
Boy. city store, you'll suit, $6 work-
Walter lunch counter, fare 00c, $35 found.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, drive wapen. tend shop. $40 found.
LOOK
P« laborers, you'll fuit. $60.
MURRAY & READY, C34-€36 Clay «t.
' BIG MONEY MADE.
35 woodchopper*. Mendotino County. 4-foot
pine. $1 25 cord; boss at our office to-day.
MURRAY & READY. 634-630 Clay Ft.
" HE IS HERE.
SHIHonsJre owner of great told mine.
Amalgamator, $:*>.
4 machine miners, $30.
2 muckers. $C7 50.
1 mill man, $00.
1 concentrator man, flue Tanner, $90.
Carpenter tcj> surface work. $07 00.
Call early This mornirut-
MURRAY & READY. C3t-C3S Clay rt.
7__ _ _
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and t>ecure good po-itlous; catalogue and full
information mailed free. ilOLJiU System
College. 635 Clay «t.
YOUNG men everywhere copy letters, home
*• verities, no mailing or canvassing: eend a<l-
«*.res*ed enve'.one for particulars and wages
»> V»y. Manager Dept. W 4. box 1411.
Philadelphia. Pa.
YOUNG man with *om» knowledge of the
butcher business to elicit and deliver orders.
Apply at 3035 Sacramento et.
WANTED — A driver for a renovatory wagon;
call, with references, after 6 p. ro. The
Bucc»ee, 2440 Sacramento et.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
tslker, eager to make .money. F. PERSON.
477 and 478 Parrott building.
WANTED — Errand boy. pteady position, at M.
FRIEDMAN & CO.'S. 233 Post «t.
WANTED — Old carpenter to attend shop. 3373
Eighteenth Ft.
SOLICITOR for merchant tailor: good Induce-
ments. 1125 Market St.. bet. 7th and 8th.
WASTED — Good boarding-house waiter. V35
Brt-nnan gt.
WANTED — Barber; znUFt be »ober. 1025 How-
ard «t.
WANTED — Barber. Grand Hotel barber shop.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
411 Devisadero Bt.
A BOY wanted at 22T. 5 /i Montgomery ave.
MHATCTTTER wsnted at 831 Washington Et.,
Oakland.
WANTED — Two experienced barber shop
porters at Plaza Barber Phop. Oakland.
MAN with $100; legitimate paying husine«i;
closest investigation solicited. Box 1501, Call.
WANTED — Thoroughly experienced house fur-
niFhingr department man and capable of tak-
lnc charge of t>tock: Btate age, experience
and where previously employed: salary $75
per month to right party. Box 1574. Call.
WANTED— Thoroughly competent lac*, no.
ttnn and fancy goods man to go to Los An-
(-'!•¦•¦ Apply between 9 and 11 a. m at
HALE BROS.*
BOY or middie-aged man to take care of 3
onwi, 1 horee and deliver milk; wagea $15
mtnth *nd found; good. home. Address box
IMS. Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and- mechanics *t« kcow
that E4 Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 Dew rooms te the Denver House.
217 Third et.: 250 rooma: 25c to &0c per night.
FOR sale— 2-cr_a*r barber ship; established 10
year*: celling account ill health. Addret*
642 y«!r. st., Ftoekton.
7RT our men's ehoes. union made, at $1 and
express or rrai! charges. 11 3d *t.. Exam. bid.
$1 60 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay
F1RPT-CLAFS carriage woodworker. LAR-
KINS & CO.. C51 Howard st.
FiRPT-cla** coat maker to work Inside. ROS-
ENBLUM & ABRAHAM. 1103 Market «t.
BOY siboat 16 or 17 for wholesale hous*: state
sure, and experience. Box 10S5, Call office.
2-CHAIR barber shop; cheap; good chance. 46
Sacramento rt.
COATMAKER or buehclman for country. Ap-
nlr KEISS BROS. & CO.. 24 gutter et. ¦
5IISCEL.L.AXKOLS VOtt. SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MciN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 105-197 Fremont st.
_____________________ __ __
Repair it with elaterlte; In rolls eai»y to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good aver old
Ircn. tin or Fhingles; best for new roofs'.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. T13 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumrs.
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bousht, sold,
rented and exchanged; Fee Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
DESKS and office furniture;. $20,000 stock to
be told before April 15; this stock can be
bought In large or small lota; T. D. MC-
CARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission. 1'hone Bush 467.
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guarantee!
to stCD all leaks In tho one and preserve ths
new. 205 Front st,; tel. Main U2$.
A— FINE cults. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 233 Kearny st..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A— BUYS, sells cr rents geer machinery, en-
gines, boilrrs. water pipe, chaftlng, pulleys,
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-255 SJpfr.ar st.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form thoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. II 3d st.. Exam. bid. ; catalog free.
4fc-ft. centerboard yawl yacht, $S00; bargain.
C. F. O'CALLAGHAN. r. 39. Nevada Block.
$35— JERSEY heifer; will calve soon. 200
Ninth «t.
FOR rale — Young, 'fresh milking cow. Apply
717 Bay St.. city.
FANCY pigeons: new Imported varieties; send
for »«t. C. WILSON. 22U Stevenson Bt.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT - AWNING Co.. 35 Mrkt. Tel. Bush S58
BOOKS bouKht; libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore. Cl McAllister at.
STEEL lined safe. 1800 pounds; $125. RICH-
ARDPON BROS.. 1816 Market st.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and vntches;
raty payments. GARIN. bO3 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Bykes-Corson Co., 254 Beale st.
EAFES and cash registers new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market rt.
EOM£ good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mket.
6 LOT machines cheap; Chicnsocs. Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGAI.UPI. 933 Market.
EAFES— New and urccM-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st,
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargain*. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
EAFES — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all «l.es. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ALTERATION rale— Best S2 60 . hats, , $1 00.
Popular Price Hatter. .{30 Kearny it., near
Pine; open, to 9 p. "m. ; Sunday* to nocn.
ASK for prices on »econd-hand typewriters; all
make*. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~
UAifHATrXiTE AVINGS ~BA N £ '-,
INTEREST 5% AND 0 PER CENT."
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAVINGS BANK.
ANY. AMOUNT ADVANCED ON CITY,"
OAKLAND.- TOWN AND COUNTRY REAL
ESTATE. ALSO SECOND MORTGAGES,
ESTATES IN PROBATE. UNDIVIDED IN-
TERESTS IN REAL ESTATE AND PROP-
ERTY - IN TRUST. LOANS CLOSED
PROMPTLY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK
107-8-9 CROCKER BUILDING, POST AND
MARKET STS. . .
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
¦ecurity; easy payments; large business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. BS3 Parrotf bid.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
-co. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank,- 538 Kearny.
MOXEY TO- LOA.V— Contlnned.
AAA— HERM.Cn" MURPHYi ~~~
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments. -
Save expense) by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased. . .
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
__ ____________ .
A reasonable amount on
_j«t. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town .
or country.
• Low rate of Interest. .'. . ¦
Give full particulars
of property or chattel*.
¦ - Location, etc. ¦ .
Box 4CS. Call office. :
SALAKY Loans—'
Money loaned salaried people without .secur-
ity or indorsement. knowiedKo or employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;,
call and get terms. Drake. 4f>3 Parrott bldg.
ANY' amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rate*; strictly confidential. National 1
Credit Co.. 68 Donohqp bldg.. 1170 Market st.
THE United Loan and Truxt Co.. 21 Srockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at" 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain"
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry. -at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry- Store,
S4C Market; tel. Maln;1644, Branch.lO Third.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commission; Installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent en furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up: quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st..rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low. Interest; gold, sliver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones- bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. ¦811. Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, 11031. Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103/ Grant are..
LOANS' FROM $1 TO $10.000. . ,;¦
• NEW easy method — To wage earners on> unln-
dorecd notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 . Chronicle < bldg.
TO salaried people without Security; on furni-
ture indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 , Phelan. bldg. •
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
j no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st..-.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORELL. 609 Examiner, building.
AiTmTOHisr^^""™^ ~~~*TC:
Fischer. "Tfew $325, now $150..
Hertz, new $.tUO. now : $67.
Miller, new $301). now $H5.
- 3 Emersbn. new $2rw> to $350. now $160.
2"Chickcring, new $450, now $100,' $185.
2 Steinway, new $575, $750, now $185, $325.
Heine, new $575. now $333. -.- •
Rents $2 up: ¦ Installments, $4 up.'.: Rent ap-
plied if purchased. .' -
¦ HL'INE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Gfeary st.
. Oakland— 1252 Broadway. . ¦*..¦ . - ; y -
ONLY piano *iout«e ; in the -city that will redt
you a now. piano. for $3 per '¦ month ' and allrAv
6 " months' • rent ; and cartage ".. off i purchase
price; eole agents ; for ! McPhail. ¦ Schiller and
other, makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ.- J 5lj0 HayeB.
SPECIAL bargains ~this',week; square Pianos,
: $25; uprights.- $100 up; organs, . $25.' BYRON
MAUZY, 30Sr Post St., " .' -.-;.. : " " ;--.'.-^
$75; j STEINWAY piano.' cost ' $000, for sale on
. ¦ $5 installments. . 1309, Gough st., , near; Geary.
STEINWAY, '* nearly i new;: upright: a:- Gabler.
and -. Steck mahegany. : 216 McAllister • st.' • ¦; (
FREE TO ALL TTSJ TVTT^Y^ C* AT T
WANT ADVERTISERS- X-LN IN J_JX\- 1 O U I N J-/-TX I >^ V V /"V I a I .
AUCTION — 16 marine view, park and pan-
handle . lots: Fulton st., street work done:
Parker Ave. (100 feet wide): North Stanyan
Ft.: McAlllpter-stroet cars pass property;
THURSDAY. April 21.- at 12 o'clock noon.
Union ' Square Hall, 421 Post -t. ; ' termi, 1-3
cash, balance 1 and 2 years at- 6 per cent;
observatory on ground, from .which view of
city, bay and ocean can be seen.
pi . • J2f _, J
9 ¦ Q> |
HI r u I
¦If g V^-a-
I «•¦ //r 8-1
M U »^ y
.¦¦-?- tzzHlj
-- g "'" •/*"'•' *• y
.1 \ -
\ *oo rr. trio*.
Fcr further particulars and catalogues, ap-
ply to HENRY STERN of David .Stern A
Son*, auctioneer and real estate broker, 11
Montgomery st. ¦ .
G.-H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
• AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTIOX ¦ *
. V- AUCTION
Ey order of the board of directors of the
Savings . and Loan Society, 101 Montgomery
St., we will offer the following list of properties
at our salesroom Monday, April 18. at 12 o'clock
noon; terms, 1-5 cash, balance can remain on
mortgage:
No. 1. •
ALAMEDA RESIDENCE.
1404 Pacific ave.. SE. cor. of Morton Bt.; im-
provements consist of residence of ! 0 rooms,
bath, laundry, in good order and rented low at
$24 per month; tenant paying water; lot 150x
ALAMEDA*' COTTAOT.
1252 Broadway, east line, near Enclnal" ave. ;
improvements consist of a cottage of 6 rooms,
bath and laundry. In good order and rental for
$20 per menth, tenant paying water; lot 50x140.
CITY REALTY. •
No. 3.
NW. ccr. DouRlase and Seward eU., b«t. 19th
and 2(rth; lot 100x115. in subdivisions.
No. 4.
Diamond st.. eagt line, bet 20th and 2.1-t st"-;
building lot, 25x125.
No. 5. ¦•• ¦ --, r T ¦•-¦
25th st.. south line. bet. Diamond and
Douglass sts.; 3 building lots. 26:3x114 each.
\o 6
NW. cor. of 25th and Douglas* sts.. 85x125,
In subdivisions.
SW. cor. 20th and Castro st«.; 2 building
lot?, 25x114 each. ;¦¦.-"-.,¦.¦
No. 8. . „
21st Bt.. north line. bet. Sanchez and r»oe
sts.: 2 building lots. 25x114 each. |
No. 9. - - . . •v\ : l
NE. cor. Mcnte^uma andJCoso ave.; lot,
125x70. in subdivisions; 3 frontages.
No. 10.
NE. cor. Sanchez and Palmer sts., building
lot, 24x102. irregular.
NE. cor. 21st and Colllngwood sts.. 125x410.
in subdivisions. * ,_
For catalogue and further particulars, apply
to G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
_.
SPECIAU
$10,350. '
R»nts $1200 per year; 3 beautiful flats; (
rooms each; all modern improvements; ele-
gant _rais and electric fixtures Of special de-
sign; 3 mantels In each flat; finished base-
ment.' concrete throughout; built fo»* owners
use a f*>w months ago: central location: of-
fered at low price to effect immediate sale.
THORNE & KILPATRICK.
312 Bush St., near Montgomery.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid.,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$S a. 'month pays vrlnclpal and Interest on
. each $1000 of balance due, making 'your In-
ttaUments less than rent: seed for circular.
JI.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lots In the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level; no
grading to Jo: ready to build your little horn.
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
2G Montgomery St.. room 5.
J00C0--FOR a home that Is suitable for sum-
mer" and winter residence; in San Mateo;
on car line; lot 100x186; 8 rooms -and bath;
stable, chicken house and yard; easy terms.
D. COFFIN _ CO., 3303 Mission st.
$e300 — bargains: two said this week: only two
- left: S54 and S3S Clayton st, east side: ele-
. gant, substantial homes; houses open every
Cay. J. STIERLEN, owner and builder, on
premises; Masonic-avenue cars to door.
FOR sale ehea:>— Neat cottage; 4 rooms and
bath, large basement; terms same as rent.
Apply owner lumber yard,! southeast cornet
Alabama 1 and Montcalm sts. ¦*. •¦•
GKEAT . reduction for 10 days only: elegant
business location: lot 62x00; Valencia »t.,
near 22d. . PATTERSON. Examiner bldg. •
TWO rretty homes Just completed in the Mls-
tlon: 0 rooms, bath; about $1000 down, bal-
ance easy. See MOISE. 320 Sansome st.
FOR sale — Mcdern ho*e. 6 rooms and bath; 2
car lines; grand marine view; near Cllfl
House. 410 Forty-fifth ave.
BUILD on your unimproved realty; we loan
full coat Improv. and part lot at 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
BARGAIN: modern house, 7 rooms and base-
ment. 145S Ninth ave.. Sunset District. '
MODERN cottage of 5 rooms for sale. 4043
Nineteenth 6t. '-¦ : ---••' ' ~
LATEST system sanitary plumbing by AHL-
BACH «c MAYER, plumbers. S36 Howard.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents^ — The Weakly Call,
ltt pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
REAL ESTATE — Country — For Sale.
1400 ACRES at $6 50 per acre; only 00 miles
from San Francisco: to close up an estate.
Bee owner dally at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
INGE. 108 Jessie «t., San Francisco.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-aere farm.
$2C0 profit per annum per acre. -.-
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st,
~ WRIGHT & KIMBROCGH. Sacramento. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock • ranches; • orchards,
• vineyards; Inspected bargains: monthly cata-
logues sent free. CM. WOOSTER CO.. 648
Market Bt. • ;
FOR sale — SO acres I vineyard in large or small
tracts, near Martinez. E. B.. 507 Sixth st.,
Oakland.
PAPEn^\GI^^.^PAl>TrXG. ETC.
ROOMS papered, $4 up;: tinting, painting
.Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Maid 413.
PHYSICIANS AND* SURGEON!*.
DR. C. C O'DONi?EL_^Offiee and residence,
. 1021% Market st., bet. Cth and Tth; particu-
lar attention paU to diseases of women.". ;¦.
BLOOD :' skin > and ' rectal ' diseases . a specialty.
DR.' BALL. 107314 Market st. . , .-.
REMOVED- DR. WONG r HIM. herb doctor;
¦ treats -all diseases cf the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary St.. , near Leavenworth. - '
DR.' TONG PO CHY. " successor to Dr.". LI Po
* Tal. herb doctor.- curea all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington ¦_.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls"
¦eases cured by Chinese herbs." 746-8 Clay st.
SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. -2 RemingtonJ'Ncv.. 1
Smith Premier. -$25; ;. other typewriters at
. : higher and -lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange, 530 : California st. :
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get p*r-
¦ ticulars of II & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont.
. gomery/ft. ¦' ¦;' '"¦ ¦¦ -.-: , . . ¦.- . •...
2D-HA.VD ' typewriters - sold. . rented, repaired.
WcbsUr Typewriter. Inspec , Co., 508 Market,
I FREE 1 a "' MOST^-USCFU tlGIFT | pREE
TO ALL CLASSIFIED ADVERTISERS
I IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
The "Glow Night "Lamp'V
A SCIENTIFIC WONDER!
NO SMOKE 1 NO SMELL 1 NO WASTE I
ALL GLASS. CONSUMES ITS OWN GAS. CANNOT LEa'K.:
j^^^^^iJ3 "3 1 -^' /ll '\y^^>-^__5-__?i<^ 3l V Lamp, showing" construction of Bulb, '¦ z'i ¦¦- 1 *-tj,.*if. ol k'-JVJ^S..
. Style No. 1. Purple and Amber. ' Style No. 2.
ONE PINT OF OIL, costing about 1 CENT, will feed this lamp 200 HOURS.
Invaluable for Bedrooms. Sick Chambers, All-nicht Hall and Bath Room Light, Nurseries,
Lavatories, Dressing Rooms, Staircases, .etc., etc. ' .->:>,
This invention has for its object the production of a novel lamp, particularly desirable for it>e as a
night lamp. Lamps for this purpose need not produce a large flame: in fact, a comparatively small flame is
more desirable, but it is also desirable that the lamp be capable of burning for a long period without. refilling
and without attention and without emitting any odor. These results are positively .obtained. Directions
for use with each lamp. . in--
TELL YOUR WANTS — — -
¦* IN NEXT SUNDAY'S GALL «*
... ¦ ¦' ¦ • S\ '..''' ¦
And you will be speaking direct to OVER 85,000 REGULAR
SUBSCRIBERS otthat popular and valuable advertising medium.
It is safe to fiuure an average of three readers to every Sunday Call issued, so you are really talking to :
255,000 PERSONS, most of whom arc home people, consequently a well-to-do and desirable class of our
community to consider in locating your wants and advertising your wares.
Bring in your Want Ads THURSDAY, FRIDAY and SATURDAY for insertion in NEXT Sunday's
Call. This premium can only be obtained by inserting a Want Ad in NEXT- Sunday's Call.
Premiums can be obtained by presenting advertisements at:
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call, corner Market and Third streets;
open until 12 o'clock^ every night in the year. v
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth: open until 11 p. m.
527 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m. . \ .
300 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m. r : •/'; ¦ .. •
639 McAllister street: open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m. -•. . . -
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m. , ..
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth ; open until 9 p.m."
106 Eleventh street; open until -9 p. m. • ¦
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m. -V:',.. »
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets; open until 9 p. m. ¦ • . ¦ v \
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky streets; open until 9 p. m. =-.;>
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
OAKLAND OFFICE: ' • . i :
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 1083 -;•
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2145 Center Street , Telephone North 77
ALAMEDA OFFICE: , * ? / ;
Schneider's Book Store... Park Street"James C. Jordan to William E. and- Mary
M. Jason, lot on S line of California street,
1»5.495 E of Michigan avenue, E 25.13, S 111.82,
W 25. N 109.26; $10. . ; v
City and County of San Francisco to Hugh
McGlinchey, lot on NE line of Norfolk street.
2fio SE of Folsom, SE 25* NE 63, NW,25, SW
65:6; $ . . ,<
Same to Lois S.' Anderson.', lot on E line of
Guerrero street, 125 N of Duboce (Thirteenth),
N 25 by E SO; $ .
Lois S. Anderson to Michael J. and Catherine
Hanrahan, same; $10. \ ..
City and County of San Francisco to Robert
M. Moore, riot on E line of Valencia street.- 55
N of Fourtetnth, N 110 --. E 180, .: S 95. W. 75,,
SI5.W.1O5;$ . ,.'v *.:;..,-.; .
Same to J. • W. Henderson;, lot on E line of
Albion avenue. .176" N of .Sixteenth' street E
83, NW 25, W 91 16. &25; $- — . • . '
Same to Metropolitan Laundry * Company, lot
on; 8 line of Sixteenth -street. SS'W of Va-'
lencia. W 60. S 110. W 60,' S 90. E 120.N200;
James and Adeline '. C.' .[Gerard. -, Robert -'• J.,""
Sarah • E.", Horace ¦ C.* : and ; Ella M. ; Mercer " to
William J. Carlln. < lot on, S- line, of .Fifteenth
street, 87:C;W of Church, W 37:6 bj-. S 100;
City. and .County of San Francisco. to Wil
liam J. Herrin. lot : on# W ; line . of ;;•' Bartlett
street. 120 N of Twenty-third.; N;40 by-W 125;
Johanna and Leonard Haas to EmanucI Bor
tuccl. lot on W" line of Dolores etreet 20' N
of, Valley. N 25:6 by; W. 100; $10.' ,- ' ;• :
Mrrcantllp .Trust. Company ati San : Francisco
tn Urban \ Realty,; Company -(corporation).-; re-
City and County of • San Francisco to Ella
M. Leigh and Margaret Lees lexecutrlces of
the estate of Frederic W. Lees), . lot <?n N line
of Grove street, 35:9 W of Central avenue,' NE
to point 45 S of Fulton etreet, W SS:9, SW
6:3, E 88:9; $ . , , \
Richard C. Jones ,&¦ Co. to William H.
Crocker, lot on E line of Shrader street. 50
S of Carl. S 60 by E 1C0; $10.
Agnes A. Foerster to John E. Medau.- lot on
E line of Cherry street, 105 N of Clay, N
27:6 by E 110; $10.
Ernest D. C. and Katharine Rohde to Bar
thold and Annie Stelllng, lot on NW. corner of
Fulton and Baker streets, N 37:0 by W
96:10%; $10. . - •
Same to William H. Deming, lot on N line
of Broadway. 165 W of Fillmore street, W
27:C-by N 137:6; $ . -- .
Same to Ella M. Leigh and Margaret- Lees
(executrices of estate of Frederic W. Lees),
lot on SE corner of Hayes and Scott streets
S 275 by E 275; also lot on NW corner Hayea
and Scott streets, N 275 by W 137:6; also lot
on the E line of Webster- street,- 60 N of Fil
bert, N CO by E 110; $ .
Same to Freda O. Shumate, Mot on S line of
Sutter street. 55 W of Devlsadero, W 50:9 by
S 113;. $ . • '. - : x'v- - ¦ ¦ '
Same to Albert J. ' Pon. lot on E line of
Fillmore street, 112:6 N of McAllister, N 25
by E 144:6: $ .
Joseph, and Ellen M. Buzzlnt to Rosa Tonzl
(wife of Joseph), lot 3. block 561, Bay Park
Homestead Association: $10.
EPtate o! Joseph Clyde (by executor) to J
P. Cochran, undivided 1-3 of lot on W corner
of Montana and Capitol streets. W 180 by S
125, lot 5. block R, Railroad Homestead As
sociation; $230. . . .-.-•
F. M. Goodrich to Mary A. Howard, lot 16
block F. Sunset Heights; $10.
James L. and Maud L. Flood to Philip E
Bowles, lot on S line of Vallejo etreet, 100
E of Polk. E 51 by S 87:6; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Eman
uel Lasar. lot on W line of Buchanan street,
113:6 S of Post, S 24 by W S7:6; $ .
Same to Monroe Greenwood Estate Company
lot on S line of Hayes street. 137:6 W of Bu
chanan, W IO3:11*>; by S 120; $ .
_Same to William ertsch, lot on E line of
fillmore street. 87:6 N of Oak, N 25 by E
100* * ¦¦ - > ,
REAL ESTATE TRAXSACTIOXS.
-- H.fH;. and Matilda G^Bancroft (owners) with
Thomas" H.t Day's • Sons* (contractors); ".archi
tects i Cunningham ? &, Pollteo^-Carpenter, ? mill.
William Ede "Company » (owners) -with Otis
Elevator Company (contractors), 1 architect Wil
liam Curlett — One '¦ passenger- elevator w for. The
ater sbullding on SE line of Market; street, i 75
NE of Ninth NE50.SE 165.1SW 125.NW 75,"
NE 75, NW; 90," $2370. - '•
¦ E.'Chrlstensen (owner) with;Erlk Boes (con
tractor),- architect — All work for a three
story frame' building on. W" line of Hampshire
street. -200 N of Twenty- second. N 25 byvW
loo: $625o.^4wBiBBMaF^^gg» | gg<teflga
Margaret , Potter, (owner) with L.: G. i Bergren
(contractor),- ; ¦¦ archluct— All - work for . a
three-story; frame building, on , S line, of Page
street lt»5,E of Ashbury.>25 by, 137:6; $7279.
¦ Emlle and ' Maud Million (owners) ; with -Wil
liam .Bell!-, (contractor), •:— .' architect— All
work for /a three-story frame /building > (three
flats)' on. E : line » of l Sixth' avenue, ' 85' N"of ' I
street -Nl 25 by, E 95; $6550. *;•' ;, •
Same to S. Ducas Company, lots 11 and 12,
block 111. lota 6. 10 and 11. block 1 S3. South
San Francisco Homestead and .Railroad Asso
ciation, $050. — '; - ¦ ;.',;:•¦¦>•>-¦¦¦
Theodore B. Painter (and.; as surviving part
ner, name company). to same, same; $10. "-;-'>
iSame to Anna D. Joost,* lots 1 to 6, block 135.
South Snn Francisco ; Homestead and Railroad
As?ociatlon; $10.; _ * . ' \"
A., O.: Colton (receiver, same company) to
same.same; $680./-' . K V"~ .
- Uuildci*s' Contracts. . . .
J. W. Wright & Sons Investment Company
to TJcilla E. Cook, -lot on E.line of Twenty-
Bfth avenue. 200 S of O street, S 25 by E
120; S10. .-«.¦
Lincoln Investment Company to Rear Estate
Security Company, lot on N line of W street,
32:« W of Sixteenth avenue, W 125. N 100,
E 37:6 N 25, E 120, S 25. W 32:0, S 100;
also lot on SW corner of Sixteenth avenue
and V street W 32:6 by S 100; $10.
Same to Frederico Lovotti, lot on NW corner
of Sixteenth avenue and W street, AV 32:6 by
N 100; ?10. - -- ,
Edward Brooks to A. H. Ewell, lot 44,
block 34. Sunnyslde; $10. .
Mary F. Saunders to A. de Moldrup, lot 1,
block 21,' game; $10.\ •_¦••
Phineas F. and Annie M.Ferguson to J. W.
Wright &.* Sons'. Investment Company..: re
record inCO D.TS, lot on NW line of. Madrid
street., 75 SW of Fiance avenue. SW 50 by NW
100, lot 8." block 25, Excelsior Homestead: $10.
Sarah I.. Hasan to same, same; quitclaim
deed. ?5. . :. ¦¦'-'. ' >'
J W Wright & Sons* Investment Company to
Charles H. and Edith Harger. lot on AV corner
of France avenue and' Madrid street, /NW 100
by SW. 50 block 25 -same, and lotion SE line
of Lisbon street. 75 S W of France aVenue, S W
60 by SE 200, bloek 25. same; $10, \
S. DucaB Company (corporation) to A. J. W.
and Martha Gordon, lot on W line of Folsom
street, 1S3 S of Preclta avenue, S 25 by.W SO.
lot 27, DucasTract; $10. -.
Elizabeth G. and William Nolden to Arthur
W. Morgenstern. lot on S line of Stanley street,
BO E of Victoria. E 60 by S 100, lots 26 and 27,
block 40, City Land Association; $10. ,_ -¦' \;
. Jamrs Watklna to Eva E. Fisher, lot 13,
block It,- Railroad Homestead No. 2;' $5.
Theodore B. Painter (and, as surviving part
net, Painttr & Co.) to Jacob Heyman Company,
lota "11 an<i 15,' block 352. .and lots: 14 and 16.
block 150, South San Francisco "Homestead and
Rallrocd Association; $10. ¦ •¦;¦'-.-; >¦.
A.O. Colton (receiver same company) to same,
same; ?SCO. ¦ - ' -
Martha J. (alias Margaret J: McDermott,
now Mrs. J Eichbaum) to James A. McAdams,
lot on SE line of Clary street, 375 SW of
Fourth, SW 25 by SE 75; $10.
James A. McAdams to Flora A. Grange,
same; flu.
Elisa C. Oviedo to Henry O. Trowbringe,
lot on NW tine of Howard street, 225 NE of
Sixth NE 25 by NW 85; $10.
Currier & Mitchell Company' to Ralph W.
Streeter. lot on .W. line of Twenty-third ave
nue 200 N of Clement street, N 25 by W
120; $10. '
City and County of San Francisco to Ardenla
'A. Morehead, lot on SE corner of Sixth ave
nue and Clement street, K 32:6 by S 100; $ .
Donald and Helen E. Mackenzie to William
M. DeWolf, lot on W line of Fourth avenue,
400 S ot Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by W 120;
$10.
Bay District Land Company to James Bruce,
lot on W line of Third avenue, 125 N of A
street, N 25 by W 120; $10.
W. W. Shaffer to J. R. Garrett Company
(corporation), lot on W line of Forty-sixth
arenue. 175 N of L street, N 25 by W 120; $10,
City and County of San Francisco to Clinton
T. Hull lot 'on NE corner of Eighth avenue
and O street. E 29:2. NE to point 63:3 E of
Eighth avenue and 1C8:O S of N street, W
64, more or less, to Eighth avenue, S
431:3; * . :,:: -
Adele T. M. P. Ichon and Anita A. F. L.
Helling to' Emll Rohte.. lot on -NE corner of
Jones etreet and Broadway, S 44, N 77:ti. E
23:6 S 7:ti. E 50. N 67:t>, W 117:6. S 137:6;
Same and Guillermo A. N. T.' and Louise
T. Augspury to same, same; $10. ' .
Emil and Adele Kohte to Stetson G. Hinder,
lot on E line of Jones street, "7:6 N of Broad
way, N 00. E 117:6, S e":C, W. 60, N 7:6,
W «7:6; ?10. .
Walter H. Linforth to Daniel Wilson, lot
on N line of Washington street, 105 W of
Leavenworth. W 3'J:6 by N 70; $6500.,
Catherine Breslln t Brady) to Bertha J. Arp
(v.-lfe of Charles W.), lot on SE line of Ver
ona street, 230:4 NE of Third, NE 22 by SE
70; $10. . :
Emily O'Neill to Robert P. O'Neill, undivided
% of lot on SW • line of Zoe street. 60 SE of
Welsh, SE 20 by SW CO; gift.
Clara II. and Wallace C. Wise to California
Title Insurance and Trust Company, lot on
W line of Mason street, SO N of Sacramento,
N 20 by W <i0; $10. •
record 2023 D 6 of lot on XE corner of Paciflc
and Montgomery streets E 137:6, N 137 :B. W
73:0. S 24, W 64; S 113:6; $1O.
Joseph F. Clark to .Eliza Connor, lot on W
line of Church street, S9 S of Twenty- eighth,
S 25 by W 100; ?10.
William and Aenca G. Mann to Ralph Sic-
Leian, lot on E line of Diamond street, 75 S
of Twenty-first, S 35 by E 100; $10.
William A. and Lydla A. Sangster to Henry
H. Stratton lot on W line of Diamond street,
«5 S of Twenty-second, S 25 by W 115:9; $1.
President Cornelius and Secretary
Bowling of the. Carmen's Union "re
sumed their conference with President
Holland and General Manager Chap
man of the United Railroads yesterday
afternoon, but at the end of their talk
the representatives of both sides an
nounced that they were not ready to
make statements. It /was learned
that the officials of the railroad com
pany have so far refused to give the
slightest encouragement to the carmen
for an advance in wages under any
conditions other than those proposed
in the communication sent to the em
ployes by the company last week in
response to the formal demand by the
men for. a new wage scale. The car~
men no longer deny that they., expect
a strike. They say that the only men
opposed to a strike are those receiving
27% cents an hour, and it is declared
that such are in the minority.
YV\ D. Mahon of Detroit, president
of the Amalgamated Association of
Street and Electric Railway Employes
of America, arrived in this city last
evening and is registered at the Grand
Hotel. Shortly, after his arrival he
visited the carmen's headauarters on
Market street and discussed the local
situation with President Cornelius,
Secretary Bowling and other members
of the executive committee of the
union. Asked regarding his visit to
San Francisco President Mahon said:
"Officially I ani taking no part in
the present contentions between the
carmen and their employers, for as
yet they are purely of a local charac
ter and do not warrant any action on
my part. Of course, as an executive
officer of the national body of carmen,
I will be bound to assist the local or
ganization in case a breach occurs be
tween the men and the company, but
this has not yet happened. As a fact
I have not had time to acquaint myself
with the conditions here, but will lose
no time in" doing so."
President Mahon says he will re
main here for some time, which means
that he will stay until the agreement
between the union and the company
expires on June 30, and until it is de
termined what the company does re
garding the demands of its employes.
Company Firmly Befuses to
Concede a Point/ and Men
Say Strike Is Inevitable
BOTH SIDES ABE SILENT
Fischer Thtr — ¦ 1% Swiss -A Bk.115 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 — Truck Elect. -10 —
Gas Con A.. — 22 UR InC pfd. 43 ;• —
Hono P Co. 121/4 — Do com ..'9 —
Lon& SF Bk — 60
California Stock and Oil Exchange
O11 Stock— v Bid. . j Asked.
Apollo ........ ............ .... 4*
Associated Trust Certificates. 19 . r°
Aztec •••••» ....... *- To
Caribou ...... ...I!!!!! 3 25 ;3 75
Chicago Crude 20 J ... .
Claremont,. ; 66 ...:
Esperanza- ........' 120' "...-.
Four 60 ' .... .
Giant ..;.....:.. 17 ••••
Hanford ........;. I....... 173 00 ....
Home ......... 1 f>2}4 160
Imperial • ......,..¦.; 14 00 18 00 \
Independence .............. 20 21 •
Kern 5 CO
Kern ; River 10 00 12 00
Lion..... ...01 ....
Monarch (of Arizona) ,.... 40 42
Monte Cristo . .....'.... 77V4 -S2&
Occidental of WVa 11 13
Oil City Petroleum ' 40, '..-..
Peerless .... 14 00
PIttsburg 20
Senator 64 C5
Sovereign 43 44
Sterling 2 CO
Thirty-three 8 CO
Toltec 19 .....
Twenty-eight 6 25 ....*•.
Miscellaneous — -
Abby Land & Imp 1 tJ5 . ....
Cal Shipping Co 16 00 ....
Northern Cal Power .... 11 00
SALES.
Morntng Session.
400'Monarch 41
500 Monte Crlsto 80
1600 Associated 20
1C0O Oil City Petroleum 41
700 Claremont . '. C5
Street — "
150 Kern Oil 150 '
Afternoon Session.
Board — - '
50 Sovorelgn ........' 43 ,
2000 Independence . (-21
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher ...... 32 100 Ophlr ......5U2VJ
100 Caledonia ... 70 jm 0 Overman 3,1
400 Caledonia ... 71 BOO Potosi 20
20O CLollar 25 10O Savage ....... 40
200 Exchequer ... 32 500 Scorpion 13
50C Gould & Cur. 30 800 Sierra Nev . . «fl
1GO Oculd & Gur. 29 300 Union Con .. 71
o-.O Mexican 2 05 300 Utah 15
200 Occidental ... 83 500 Yellow Jacket 22
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 08 200 Gould & Cur. -31
200 Belcher 35 200 Justice 03
300 Caledonia ... 77 300 Ophir 6 37%
200 Challenge Con 27 UK) Overman 35
200 Chollar 2U 300 Savage 46
100 Con C & Va.l 65 100 Silver Hill .. 69
1000 Con Imperial. 03 700 Union Con . . 75
20O Crown Point: 18 100 Utah 15
300 Exchequer ... 32 100 Utah ........ 14
100 Exchequer ... 33 200 Yellow Jacket 25
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 32 6<K)Overman 31
100 Caledonia ... 73 400 Overman 33
200 Caledonia ... 77 100 Overman ..... 35
200 Exchequer .. 31 1000 Seg Belcher .. 14
60 Exchequer . . 30 600 Sierra Nev . . C8
100 Mexican ...2 01V 3 100 Sierra Nev ; .. tit)
60 Ophlr 5 12><i 100 Union Con .. 73
100 Overman .... 32 300 Un'cn Con . . 75
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher ...... 34| 100 Ophlr 5 25
500 Belcher 35 300 Overman ..'. . 36
100 Caledonia ... 75 500 Overman 35
40O Con C & V.I 67H 400 Overman 37
COO Gould & Cur. 30 500 Overman ..... 34
200 Julia 09 100 Savage 45
100 Mexican ...2 07% 2C0 Utah 16
TOXOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 MacNamara. 1S| 500 Mont Ton ...1 45
1200 MacNamara . 17 200 Ton Belmont.. CO
1300 MacNamara. 1611000 Ton Midway.. 36
Afternoon Session.
100 MacNamara . 171 100 Mont Ton...l42V4
600 MacNamara . 10| 100 Mont Ton .. 1 40
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY, April 13—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask.1 : ..'Bid. Ask. i
Alpha ....... 06 OS) Justice '..'..... 02 03
Alta 08 lW.iKem.uck 02 03
Andes 82 34|Keyes Graes... — 95
Belcher ...... 33 35,-Lady Wash" . . — 06
Best & Belch.2 10 2 20Mexlcan 2 05 2 10
Bullion 10 12 Occidental ... 84 85
Caledonia ... 73 ; 75 Ophir 5 25 5 37 V>
Challenge Con 25 '. 27 Overman ..... 34 35
Chollar 25 26 Potosi 21 22
Confidence ... 74 K8 SCorpion ....." 13 15
Con C & Va.l »;."» 1 70 Savage 45 46
Con Imperial. 02 03 Seg Belcher .. 12 15
Con NY 03 04 Sierra Nev . . 88 70
Crown Point. IS 19 Silver Hill ..' 69 60
East Sierra N 00 — St Louis .... — lp
Eureka Con.. — 60 Syndicate .... 04 0.1
Exchequer . . 34 35 Union Con . . 75 76
Gould & Cur. 31 32 Utah 14 15
Hale & Norc. 85 87 Yellow Jacket 24 26
Julia 08 0!>
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.| Bld.Ask.
Colehan — 19 Ray & OBrien — 10
Esperanza ... — M Rescue — ' "OS
Gipsy Queen. — 30 Ton Belmont.. 08 60
Gold Anchor. — 25 Ton & Cal... 21
Gold M Con.. 04 10 Ton Exten ..66 —
Hannapah ... — 10 Ton Fraction. — " 30
Hannapah M. — 25 Ton of Xev. .8 00 8 25
Little Ton . . — 26 Ton N Star. . 30 31
MacNamara . 16 17|Ton Midway.. 36 37
Mont Ton.l 37& 1 42V» Ton Superior.. — 12
Paymaster ... — OSjWest End ... — 19
President Malion of Nation
al Body Arrives From East
to Confer With Cornelius
CARMEN 'S CHIEF
ON THE SCENE
LABORER FINDS REMAINS'
OF A HDMAX SKETjETOX
Bom's Discovered in Street of "Xapa
Are Probably Tliose of,
? an Indian.
NAPA, April 13.^William Robert
son made a grewsome find to-day.
While working away with pick and
shovel in a deep cut on the Grant
avenue side of Oak Mound he found
the bones of a human skeleton.
All the bones showed indications of
having: been in the ground a long time,
being badly decayed, with the excep
tion of the teeth, which were sound.
The frame was that" of a full grown
man and the bones are probably those
of an Indian. Last Saturday a body
was found near the same spot/ It was
much smaller and was thought to be
of a woman or youth. Like the one
discovered Friday, it was badly de
composed.
ROSENBERG AMEXDS COMPLAINT.— A n
amended' complaint In the' suit of M. Rosen
berg: arainst Emily Goldberg was filed yester
day. Rosenberg . asks $r>0 damages. He says
he married detentlant's niece. Bertha, and that
he was to receive $50 for bo doing. The mar
riage was recently annulled, but a new trial '
has been granted.- - > i
the ; san francisco: igaltj,- Thursdays u, 190^:
Continued From Pa«e Fifteen.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
14
XO><Trr>^> Tnlnilfsresndtrt
/0/^^^^\ dae to arc! t« St
I U) UccSIISJIsta] Z) SAN FRANCISCO.
\ w * \ aOUTES J . I
\ '^\ f- ¦ V. — 7/ . / Fkox Amu. 10, 13«4.
\^ Q I X^S (Foot of Market 8treet )
j^tATj^-^JMAnM LINE. - A«arr«
7.00a. V»c«TllIe. Winter*. Rumtef- 7.60p
7 00 ». Benlcla, Sutsan. Elmlrs sad Sacra-
mento T.ZOr
7 30a Vallejo, Nsps, Cnilntoga, BanU
Uosa. Martinez, San Ramon 620r
' 7-30a K lies. LWermore, Trscy, Lathrof.
Stockton 720p
800* 6h»«t» ExpreM— (Via D»t1i).
Wlliunru (for Bartlett Springs).
Willow*. tFruto. Ked BlaS,
Portlsnd. Tscoms, Seattle 7.50r
8-00* Duvli, Woodland. Knlphts Landing,
Msrysvllle, Orovllle.... 7-50P
8.30a Port Costs. Martinrz. Antlocb.
Byron. Trscy. Stockton. New-
man, Los Banoi. Mendota.
Annona. Ilanford. VI » alia.
Porterrille 4J0r
830a Port Coita. I.athrop, Modesto.
Merced. Freino, ttosben Junc-
tion. Ilanford, Vls»l!», Bakers- "
! field 450f
8.30a Nlles, San Jose, Llrermore. Stock-
ton, (tMUton). lone, Sacramento,
Placervllle. MarynTiile, Cbico.
Ked Bin ft 4.20^
8.30a Oakdale. CUlneae. Jamestown. So-
nora. Tuolumne and Angels 420r
900a Atlantic Express— Ogden and Eaat. 11.20a
9.30a Klchmond, Marttnex »nd TTsy '
Buttons S50r
1000a The Overland Limited — Ogden.
Denver. Ornab*. Chicago. 6 20-
10.00a Vallejo.. 12.20*
1000* Los Anjrelea Passenjer — Port
Costa, llartlnex. Bjroa, Tracy.
I.athrop. Stockton. Merced. -
Raymond. Fresno. Ooshen Junc-
tion, Ilanford. Lemoore. Vlsalla.
Bakersfield. Los Angeles 7-20>>
12.00m Hayward. Niles and Way Stations. 3.20i>
ti.OOP fUcrarnento RHrer Steamers til. OOP
iZQr Benlcla, Winters. Sacramento. '
Woodland. Knight* Landing,
MarTSTlUe, Ororille and w»y
stations 1050*
5.30? Hay word, Nlles and Way Stations.. 7.50r
3.30p Port , Costa, Martinez. Ilyron,
Tracy, Lnthrop. Modesto. .
Merced, Berends, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Port Costa 12-20P
3.30P Yosemite Valley, Mob.. Wed.. Fri. 920*.
8-30p Mmlnrz. Trary. Stockton. Lo'll... 10 20a
4. 00p MartlQez.Santtnmon,Va!leJo,Napa,
Ca'.Utosa, SftntaRosa 9 20a
4 00p Nile*. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20r
4-20r Hayward. Klles. lrrlngton, Sanj +8.50*
Jose. Ltvennore ) .11. 50a.
E.00p Tbe Owl Limited— Xewmw, Los
ltanos. Mendota. Fresno. Tulare.
BakersBeld. Los Angeles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Los Angele*, for Chi-
cago, vis C. R. I. * P. (last trip
-»-_ -April 19) - 9-20*
6.00* Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12.20p
f5.30r Hayward. Nlles and San Jose 7.20*.
6. OOp Hayward. Nile* and San Jose....... 9. SO*
B.OOr Eastern Express— Opden. Denver.
Omaha. St. Loals, Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Benlcla. Sul-
sun, Klmlra, Davis, Sacramento,
ltocklin. Auburn, Colfax,
Truckee. Boca, lieoo. Wad»-
worth, Wlnnemncca 5 20»
6. 00p Vallejo, dally, except Sunday..., I ....
700p Vallejo, Sunday only f '• 5D *
7J}Cp Klchmonrl. saa Pablo. Port Costa.
Martinez and Way Stations 11.20a
8X5p Oregon ft California Express— Sac-
ramento, MarysTllIe, Redding.
¦ Portland. Puzet Sound and East. 8-50 a
9.1 Op Bayward. Nlles and San Jose (Snn-
t dayonly) 11-50i
COAST LINE (Narrow (ianire;.
(foot of Market Street.) .
7.45a. Santa Cruz Kxcur«lon(Sunday only) 8.107
8.16a Newark, Oentr.-Tllif. Ssn Jose,
Felton. Boulder Creek. Santa
Crus and Way Stations 5-55?
2.1Ep Newark. Gentervllle. San Jose.
JJew Almaden.Los Gatos.Feltoo.
Boulder Creek, Santa Crux and
Principal Way Statloos fiO 55a
«.16* Newark. Sao Jo»e. LosOatos and* *8.55 *
; - waysutlona > IIP 55 a
.-OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
. From SAN KUANC1SCO. Foot or Market St. (SilpO
-tl:15 9:00 11:1)0 AJf. 1.00 3.00 -5.15 p.m.
*>ons OAKLAND. Koot of Broadway — tS:0O i3:on
18:03 larOOA.M. 12 00 200 400 P.M.
COAST LINE (Uroad «««•).
tV~ (Third nail ToTrmeml Streets.)
8.10a San Jose and Way Stations 6-30?
1700a Ran Jose and Way Stations 5.40?
7.15a Monterey end Santa Cruz Excnr-
¦J slon (Sunday only) 10.30
8 00a Nc.r Alinaden (Tues., Frlii., only), 4.10*
800a Tbe Coaster— Stops only San Jose.
Gllroy (connection for Hoi lis-
ter). Pajaro. CastroTllIe (con-
nection to and from Monterey
and Pacific Grove). Salinas, Saa
Ardo. Paso ttobles, Santa Mar-
carlia. Saa Lais Oblspo, principal
stations thence Stirf (connection
for Lorapoc). principal stations
thence Santa Barbara,SanBoena- •
ventr.ra. Bnrbank. Los Angeles . 10.431
I. 00a San Jose. Tre* Plnos. Cupttola,
SantaCraz.PactflcKroTe.Sallnaa,
San Lais Obtspo and Principal
,_' - Way Stations 4.10P
10.30a Ean Jose and Way Stations 1.20P
11 -20a BactA Clara, San Joie, Los Gatos
*'*¦' and Way Stations 7.30p
1-30P Ean Jose aad Way Stations 8364
5 COP Del Monte Kxprrss— Santa Clara,
Fin Jof*. Del Monte. Mont-rev.
Paciflc Grove (connects at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Santa
Cruz, Boulder Creek and Narrow
¦ Gaace Points) »t Gllroy. for Hol-
llster, Tres Plnos. at Pajaro for
Santa Cruz, at Castronile for
Salinas 12.tS»
S-30p Tres Plnos War Pa>sen?er 10.45a
¦ 430p Kan ,To*e and Way Stations t&COA
15 00 r Santa Clara, San Jose. Los Gatos,
and principal Way Stations (ex-
.___ ceptSnnday) ; +900k
15-3UP SanJoseandPrincipalWayStattons 19.40*
6 46' Sunset Limited.— Kedwocd. Saa
Jose.GUroy.Sallnas.Paso nobles,
San Lais Oblspo. Saata Barbara,
? l.os Au?eles. Demln*. El P.iso.
New Orleans. New York. Con-
nects at Psjaro for Santa Crni
sndst CantrovlUA for Psclfle
' Grove and Way Stations ;.. 7.10»
f6 -16P tai)Mateo,nores.ford.r.elinont.S*a
¦ ' Carlos. Uedwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto.. ...... .. tB 49a
6 30p Sun Jose and Way Stations 6-3S\
8.00p Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.15a
11.30? bomb San Francisco. Mlnbrae. Bar-
Hngame, San Mateo. Belmont,
San CarloR. Redwood, Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto 9.45?
o11-30p Maytield, Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
y SanJo.ic J9-45P
A for Morn I en, Pfor Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. t Sunday only.
a Saturday only.
f Stops at all station* on Sunday.
Efr'Only trains stopping at Valencia St southbound
trcS-.lOA.M.. 7:00 a.m.. 7.!5a. *., U:S0a. *.. 3:S0p.w..
*:S0 r. M. and 8:00 P. J*.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
•' • - • L*ave~~ Ti» Saualitt /«rj Arrive
JBamYnndacm ftstoflUrkMfc San Pnsdacm
-Week 3on- "M S«a- WeeT
•itWl *h:OOa F^iiiiiiil 12:oopf 0:444
•l:45r B:OOa WG&SSErBg I:85p2:5o?
B:15p 1O:OOa Wi«g¥ t:IOr 5:5Ur
_.., 11:OOa «T 4:50p •:!•*
_ 1:45* •:*•?
; TlCUt - 1 «2S Majudct St^(NotUi Sbore Railroa4> 4 '
•HOB I aad Saosauto F»ls.y. Foot Maikat Si.
Wl^LTla^
1 if JCuL/lvJu^ I AjiilW/
16 Pages. 61 pep Yca^
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for hay and oats — Office Depot
Quartermaster. San Francisco. Cal.. 38 New
Montgomery et* March 16. 1904. Sealed pro-
posals in triplicate, subject to usual condi-
tions, "will be received here until 12 o'clock
noon. April 18, 1904, and then opened, for
furnlBhlng and delivering at San Francisco.
Cal.: Seattle or Tacoma. Wash., or Portland.
Or twenty-three hundred and eighty- two
(2382) tons of hay. and twenty-flve hundred
and forty-six (?546) tons of oata. aublect to (
an Increase or decrease of 23 per cent. Lnited
States reserves right to accept or reject any
cr a'.l bids, or any part thereof. Further in-
formation and blsnk proposals furnished on
application. Envelopes containing proposals
to be marked "Proposals for Hay and Oats,
No 2165" and addressed to MAJOR C. A.
DEVOL. Q. M.. U.S. Army. Depot Quarter-
master. •
STUTTERING AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute.' Van Ness & Market,
promises cure if In fair health; hours 1 to 0.
MARRIAGE MCEXSES.
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Earl N. Percy, £3, S570 Clay «tr«et, and El-
vira W. Hobbs, 22. 3589 Clay rtreel..
Clifford, H. Loran. 23, 811 O'Farrell street,
and Mary B- Wadsworth. 23, 1104 Van Neso.
Arne Arntren. S3, Tonsb-rr t Norway, and
Anna Rasch. 22. Chrlstlanla Norway.
William II. Farmer. 26. 305 Turk etreet. and
Margie G. Wahl, 20, 31 Harriet street,
John Wrltt«r. 3«, city, and Fefie Zucker-
rncn. 20 -24 Turk street.
Domenlco D»otone, 41, Sonera, and Maria
CoBorno, 2C. Sonera.
Alexander Ryan, 32. Danbury, Conn., and
Alice G. Laswell. 32, Santa Rosa,
Arthur C. Ohlson, 28. 934 Dolores street, and
Ltllte Kenney, 22, 058 Hayes street.
Glnnoeuke Nakiyama, 27. 407 Taylor street,
and Tomlko Koike, 22. 4 Bush place.
B1BIBS— MABBIAGES— DEATH&
Birth, inarrlare and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publlcaton offices and be
Indorsed with tbe name and residence of per-
tone authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted elmply to the announcement
cf the event are published once in this column
free of charst*.
BORX.
ANISTER— In this city, April 11. 1904. to the
wife of Louis H. Anlcter. a son.
BROWN— In this city March 13, 1904, to the
wife of Joseph II. Brown, a daughter. •
THIEBAUT— In thl* city. April 13. 1904, to
the wife of Paul H. Thicbaut, a son.
MARRIED.
DEL CCRO— FINK— In this city. April 6.
]'.«04. by the Rev. H. A. Luckenbach, Carlos
C. Del Curo and Emma H. Fink.
FISH— RHODES— In this city. April 4, 1904.
by tbe Rev. H. A. Luckenbach, Harry K.
Fish and Edna M. Rhodes.
FLYMM— HOTE- In this city. April 9. 1904.
by the Rev. E. M. Stensrud, Gunnar Flymm
and Olive- Uoye, both of this city.
FRANDSEN— DANIELSON — In this city.
April 11. 19'J4. by the Rev. E. M. Stenerud, I
Axel Frandscn and Alma Louise Danlelson,
both cf Fresne, Cal.
LEONARD— LYM AN— In this city, April 5.
UHM, by tbe Rev. Father Mackey, George
Le Warren Leonard and Marie Constance ,
Lyman, both of this city.
OLSEN— ERIKSON— In this city. April 9.
1!KH. by the Rev. P. N. Melby. Emil Olsen
and Miss Ce.lla Erikson.
PETERS— Ae GUERRE— In this city April
12, l!>04. by the Rev. W. C. Day. Joseph P.
Peters of Oswejro, N. Y.. and Miss Cora E.
de Guerre of this city.
DIED
Bromer, Manton Moore, Mary
Denton, Susan Meyer, Matilda
Donnolly, Peter Murray, Annie
l>rl!»coll. May M. Navonl, Santlno
Kgan, Sister M. M. Packer, Elizabeth
Emlay, Roselle M. Piltter, Henrietta
Fitzpatrick. Frank Pries. Emma
Fredericks, Amelia Raymond, Mrs. M.A.
Fucich. Steve Reis?, Emma E. C
Guerin, Frederic Schmidt. Libby
Imhaus, Celeste Sretovich. Mrs. C.
Kohler, Leo C ' StMnbtrg. Milton
Konlfrsberg. Mary L. Sweeney, Richard J.
Leder, Willie Harry Watson. David A.
Lloyd, John J. Wilder. Gardner K.
MacLellan. John M. Wilkins. Lena F.
BROMMER— In this city. April 12, 1904, Man-
ton <Matt) Broiumer, beloved son of Jane
and the late Henry Bromraer, and brother of
Mrs. J. Cunningham and Mrs. Mae Love, a
native of San Francisco, aged 2S years 9
months and 'Ji days.
pyFriends acd acquaintances art respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day :
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resl- '
deuce. &1S Lacuna street. Interment Odd
Fellows' «'«metery.
DKNT< »N— In this city. April 13, 1904, Susan
II. Denton.
EX The funeral services will be held
to-morrow (Friday), at 1<» o'clock, at the
chapel vf Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
DONNOLLY— In this city, April 13. 1904.
Peter, bt-loved husband of Bridget Donnolly. '
and father of Mrs. W. T. Kilpatrick. Hugh
and Joe Donnolly, Mrs. Bridget Kelly, Mrs.
Mary Ann Pressley and Elizabeth Donnolly,
a native of County Leltrlm, Ireland, aged
. £»7 years.
T-? 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(FriJay). at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 182 Noe street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, . where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commenclnr at 9 o'clock. Interment
; Holy Cross Cemetery.
DRISCOLL— In this city. April 11, 1904, May
M. Driscoll-Schnetder, beloved daughter of
Mrs. M. A. O'Brien and Jere J. Driscoll,
and Bister of J. Edward Driscoll. a native
of San Francisco, aged 30 years 11 months
and 17 days.
ICTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attrnd the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 2T.9 Turk street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her eoul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery-'
EGAN— In this city. April 12, 1904, Sister Mary
Meehtilde Kuan (Sister of Mercy), a native
of If eland.
C7A requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of her soul at » o'clock Thursday,
April 14, at the Chapel of the Passion,
Firet street, between Harrison and Bryant.
Interment private.
EMLAY — In Oakland. Cal.. April 12. 1904, Ro-
«<elle Margaret, beloved daughter of Louis A.
and Minna S. Imlay. and sister of Louise,
Alleene and Carl Emlay, a native of Oakland,
Cal., aged 16 years 10 months and 22 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
Trinity Episcopal Church, corner of Tele-
graph avenue and T\renty-nlnth street. Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
FITZPATRICK— In this city, April 12. l»04,
Frank, beloved son of Frank J. and Nellie
Fitzpatrick, a native of San Francisco, aged
o years 'J months and 14 days.
IC7"The funeral will take r>lace to-day
(Thursday), at 1 :30 o'clock, from the resi-
denc« of his Darents. . 1232% Treat avenue.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
car from Thirtieth street and Kan Joss
avenue at 2 o'clock.
FREDERICKS— In this city, April 12, 1904.
Amelia, beloved wife of the late John C
Fredericks, and devoted mother of Fred,
Thertsa and John Fredericks, a native of
Germany, aged 63 years 0 months and 22
days. (Prescott. Ariz., papers please copy.)
CFrlcnds and acquaintances and officers
and members of the San Francisco Frauen
Verein are respectfully invited to attend '
the funeral to-day (Thursday), at 11
o'clock, from her late residence. 2215 Sutter
tstroet. between Pierce and Scott. Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by electric funeral
car from Elphtecnth and Guerrero etreeU.
FI'CICH— In this city. April 11. 1904, Steve
Fucich. beloved brother of Frank Fucich of
Fan Francisco, a native of Cherso. Istria
Austria, aged 22 years and 8 months. i
¦ CTFriends and acquaintances are're«pect- !
¦fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1 -.;{« o'clock sharp, from Aus-
• trian Hall. 507 Sutter Ftreet. under the aus-
pices of the Austrian Military and Benevo-
lent Association. Remains at the parlors of
Valente. Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton etreet
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GUERIN— In this city. April 11, 1904. Frederic
Guerin. beloved . uncle of Mr. and Mrs ! R
Fos. Mr. and Mrs. G. Elliott, Mr. and ilrfc
F. Rockford and F. Guerin. a native of
France, aged 75 year* 9 months and 4 days
E7The funeral will take place to-day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortu-
«ry chapel of J. S. Godeau,- 305 Montgomery
. avenue, tnence to the French Church for ser-
vices. Funeral private. Interment - Holy
Cross Cemetery.
IMHAUS— In this city, April 12, 1901, Celeste
Imhaus. relict of the late Louis Imhaus
mother cf . I^uls A. and E. J. Imhaus, and
rrandmother of Mrs. A. Hobe and Alfred C
and Alfred Imhaus, a native of Brussels'
Belgium.
fCT Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday
April 15. from tbe Church of Notre Dame dea
Victoires, where a solemn requiem high mass
. James McGinn. . Henry Hansen.
james McGinn & co.,
Fctmerly With McGinn Bros.,
—Funeral Directors and Embalmers
214 Eddy et-; Tel. South 676. <
T.3. Monahan, Manager.- TeL Mission 3L
MONAHAN, PHARA & CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
£339-2341 Mission et.. near Nineteenth.
Sao Francisco
ROOMS FOR noCSCKKEPISO— Con.
•KXTH 436 tt— Furnished housekeeping rooms,
double or single; rent cheap; quiet family.
WASHINGTON. 122S. near Jones— To coupU
•without cWlflrea. three Tory desirable hous»-
keepinr rooms; nicely furnished; bath, fine
kltcoen. stationary tubs, yard; would rent
*ult* to two gentlemen. Phone Butter 4121.
APAJtTatEITT XOCBZ&
.— — — ' ' ' - *
4^ ST. HILA1BH APARTMENTS
— — ULGUNA ST.. NEAR GEABT—
¦win b« rwafiy for occupation in m. few
days Everything new. Make yonr
reservations now. Clesantly furnished
epartmenti with private bath — 2. 3 and .
4 rooms; steam heat; electric light; ele-
vator; private phones; rates reasonable*
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March IS.
1084 SITTTER ST., NE. COR. LARKIN ST.-
Beautifully light and.eunr.y; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; 527 60 -to $40.
Make reservations now.
ST. CECILE 113 Fell, above Van Ne»»— Th»
umt of perfection In elegantly furn, 3-room
apartments; private baths, eteam heat, elec-
tr'.o Ilghtg. elevator. ga» ranges; $30 to Hi.
BT. LOUIS, ir.75 Jackson ft.— Modern 8-4-5
rooms; also single; furnt*ed or unfurnished;
marine view: references. Phone East 1350.
ROOMS TO I,KT I'urn. and 1'nfnrn.
AURORA, correr Second and Kolsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern end punny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date house la
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSY/ICK House. 148 Sixth Bt. — Rooms
25c to ?1 per nlKlit, 51 25 to *5 per week and
Ilfrht housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Firth Ft.)— Roome, 25c. 00c, $1, SI SO n'.ght;
J 1 SO to $10 week; house open all ni&ht.
BVRNnTT. 142B Market (old No, 13W)— Fur-
nished rooms, suite, Fingle; alao unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 EIMs, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished funny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). CIS Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located: sunny single rooms
and suites., with private baths, hot and cold
water. Fteam heat, electric llghte. phone every
room; elevator. Phone Kast 1317 if deslr«d.
ELLIS. Cll— Nicely furnished sunny front
eulte; front alcove room, light housekeeping.
FILLMORE. 1124. nr. Golden Gate ave.— One
or two refined people can find neatly fur-
nished outside room* In modern Cat.
FOR eiosle gentleman, in private home <no
other roomers), a large. 6unny. furnished
room, with bath adoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and ;> blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2G24. Call office.
CRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — I&oms 35o
to $123 night; $1 50 to$Gwk.; reading-room.
GRANT AVE.. 7 — Nicely furnished sunry
suit*, suitable 4 pentlemen; also single rms.
JfLIA. 42V,. off Mission, near Eighth— Nicely
furnished room; private family.
PIFJtCE. 75 — Laree front room, closet; also
isrge side room; for one cr two.
ROYAL House, 12R Ellis — Incandescent lights,
readlng-roora. emoktng-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms per night. ZZc to $1 SO; week. $2
to $R; month. $* to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hnt nnd cold water; baths.
SEVENTH ave^ Ct] near Lake— Furnished
rooruS.
PTOCKTON. 41 and 45— Nicely furnished sun-
ny front suites, also single rooms, for gentle-
men: $1 Sw. $2 tO to $8 week.
TAYLOR. C15 — Suites, single rooms and board;
terms reasonable.
THE ST. KATHKYN, N.E. cor. Leavenworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rocms in the city; new
hotel; Just furr.ish.-d fresh and clean; hair
mattrerses In e\ery rocro: also hot end cold
water, baths, etc.; steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence; rocms from $3 per week up.
Tl'RK. r.2— N«>wly furnished sunny rooms, en
puite or single; transient; Just opened.
UNITED STATES. 123 Edd"y7rIear~Market— «00
rooms. XV to $1 night. $1 75 to JC week; elec-
tric liehts «no pas->, running water in every '
room; elevator. read. -room: free bus; baggajse.
WOLF House. 2^2 Sixth — Electric light In every
room; 15c to 51 a night; 75c to S5 a week;
open all nights convenient to all cars.
VAX NESS ave., 51U — Elepant front parlor»
and adjoining eulte for office or club.
VAN NESS, ICC — Nicely furnished sunny par-
lor bedroom In modern flat: running water.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Z& St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 nleht: ?2 to $S week; elevator;
«-Uc lights; r"ading-room: free bus; baggage.
X BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
op»ned at loos Market Et.. uppoeite Fifth.
Open until 11 o. m.
ROuaiS AM) HOARD.
EDGEMERE HOTEL.
731 Bush st.. above Powell; celect flrst-
ctoss residential hotel; elegantly furnished
• nd table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heated and private exchange telephones In
•very room; terms reasonable.
B. DU CARPE. Prop.
BOARD rcr the summer In a nice private
home In San Leondro: one hour's ride to
Can Francisco: all the fruit, vegetables, but-
ter. e££g and chickens; home raised; accom-
modations first t'.a's and home like; rates
very reasonable. Box 4276. Call.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
X01B VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
THONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 708.
HOWARD. S41A — FirFt-cIa«>s board with room,
rln^le or double. $5-$6 week; American fam-
ily; home cooking; home comforts; piano.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny suites,
single rms.; excellent table: moderate prices.
VAN NESS sve.. 1714— Elejrantly furnished
suites, with baths; also single; homelike.
KOOMS AMI BOARD WANTED.
GENTLEMAN desires board and room within
«•« Iking distance of Montgomery st. Box
1595. Call.
sewixc macuTVes and suppLIesT
ync^jrMCE~N^r^iE r rAKH "" "¦"""""""
But get tho best sewing machine on earth
when you buy the White. We are closing
r>ut a lot of new machines that are slightly
•¦hop worn nt one-half and one-third regular
price*. White Sewing Machine Co. offices
3(>0 Post Ft.. 1841 Fillmore Et.. and 70S Va-
lencia et.
RENTERS- T( have 100 new drop head White
tewing marhincs for reiiT; quick service;
best machine; telephone Black 1106. White
Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Post st.
feOME&TIC — The machine lor fatally use;
best is cheapest; second -hand all makes at
• ny Drice: all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
HEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; slightly used: $10. J15, $20: necond-
hand. $3. $5, $8; all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Sewinc Machine Co.. 1051 Market «L
SPUClAi, JVOTICJCfl.
Ladles'. Chichester's Knelish Pennyroyal PUI«
are best; cafe, reliable; take no other. Send 4o
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mall. Ark your druggtst.
Chlcherter Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. r«_
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES tn EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottincham. 2O4 Butter st.
• SLOT MACHINES.
Blot machines. $25; punchers $23; lifters card
Bsachlnes.$20. W.A-Bradford Co.. 1185 Market.
rrOHAGK AM) WAREHOUSES.
A^EM^ORlUlT^torace & Ve^rCoTTfurnTturer
household goods stored, moved, shipped 72j£
'81 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
A— GILBERT tc 6TOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, ehipplnjr warehouse. G. G. and Van
Negg; of flee 123S Market, r. M; tel. South 750.
riERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co oT
flee Poet and Powell rts.; tel. Priv. Ex-"' 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. : phone East 128
GOLDEN West Ktornee: advances made 810
Mission gt.: tel. Howard »41. F. W. Zebfn«sT
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore et.; phone Jackson 2S1.
HEKIN8 Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
ft.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rate*.
DIVIDEND , KOTICKS. ~
CAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, 5th floor. Mutual Savings Back
tiuildinc, 708 Market st., opposite Third
For the half yeaf ending 21st of December.
1903, a dividend has been declared at 'the
rate per annum of * 32» twelve per cent on
capital stock end partlcipatrng certificates,
Tr«» of :«i(t, payable on and after SATUR-
X)AT, January 2, 1904. JOSEPH A. LEON.
• AI'.D, ilacater. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
will b« celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment private,
¦ Holy. Cross Cemetery. ' '
KOHLEIl- In Oakland, Acril 13, 1904. Leo C,
*lde*t son of Henry and Minna Kohler. and
brother of Eugene and Olga Kohler, a native
of Oakland, Cal.,- a*ed 22 years and 23 days.
A member of Court Oakland No. 46, Forest-
ers of America, and I. B. . E. W. No. 283
of Oakland.
KONIGSBERG— In this city. April 11, 1904,
Mary Louise, beloved wife of Charles 8.
Konlgsberg. and mother of Charles . W.
Konlffsbergr. and daughter of Mrs. Mary A.
Brlggs, a native of Boston, 8ged 03 years 1
months and 26 days. (Oakland papers please
copy.) •
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral cervices
Thursday, April 14, 1004. at 1:30 o'clock,
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company. 2470 Mission street,
near Twenty-first. Interment private.
LEDER— In this city. April 13, 1904, Willie
Hcrry. beloved son of Paul V. and the late
Josle I*der, and brother of Ruth Alice
Leder, a native of Ban Francisco, a^etl 14
years 9 months and 11 days.
LLOYD— In this city. April 13, 1904, John J.
. Lloyd; brother of George Lloyd of Streator,
Ill-.aged 55 years.
ET'Kemains at the mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gate Underaking Company, 2483
Mission street, near Twenty-first.
MaeLELLAN— In Agnews, Cal., April 12. 1904,
John M-. beloved husband of Marguerite
MacLellan, a native of Canada, aired 43
years. A member of Clan Fraser No 78 and
Painters' Union, Local No. 19. . .
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Friday,
April 15, at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, 423 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment Mount Olylvet Cemetery.
MKYER— In thJa city, April 12. 1904, Matilda,
beloved wife of Ernest F. Meyer, and mother
of Marparet Meyer, and daughter of Maltha
and Christ Flachmeyer. and Bister of Mrs. J
F. Madden and William, Mattie. Christina
atid Henry Flachmeyer. a native of San
Francisco, aged 35 years 11 months and 3
day*.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), April 14, at 1 o'clock, from her
late residence, «31B Natoma street. Inter-
ment Cyoress Lawn Cemetery. i
MOORE— In this city. April 13, 1904, Mary,
beloved wife of Michael Moore, and devoted
and idolized mother of Mamie, Annie, Robert
and Thoma* Moore, and slater of Michael
*and Thomas Stanton and Mrs. J. Moroney, a
native of the parish of Ahaecragh, County
Galway. Ireland, atred SI year*.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
• April 16. at S:30 o'clock, from her lat^Tesl-
dence. 11% Weteh street, off Fourth, between
Bryant and Uranium, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem high mats
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cress Cem-
etery.
MURRAY— In Portland. April 10, 1904. Annie,
beloved wife of F. J. Murray, and mother
ot Mrs. T. J. Mountain of Portland. Ore.,
lire. T. Holbrook and Eu»rene Murray, a
nati\e of Ireland:
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the rcrcse ol her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
NAVONI— In this city, April 12, 1904, Santlno
Navonl. a native of Italy, aged 47 years.
PACKER— In this city. April 13. 1904,. Elis-
abeth M. J. Packer, beloved mother of James
Packer, a native of London. England.
CCNotice of funeral hereafter.
PILSTER— April 12. l'.KU, Henrietta Asrusta
Marie, dearly beloved daughter of Henry
and the late Marie Pilster, and Riater of
Theodor Pilater, a native of Ean Francisco,
aged '26 years 11 months and 19 days.
(C?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her brother. Theodor Pilster. 1108 Page
street. ! Interment Odd -Fellows' Cemetery.
PRIES— In this city. April 13, 1904, Emma
Pries, dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. B.
Lavin, mother of Ethel and Edsrar Pries,
and sister of John Lavin. Mrs. J. J. O'Brien
and Mrs. G. Peters of Portland. Ore., a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 26 years.
C3*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th» funeral
April 15 at 9:.'{0 o'clock, from the residence
of Mm. J. .1. OBrien, 20 Bemlee street,
thence to St. Josej>h'» Church for services
«t 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Crora Cem-
etery.
RAYMOND — Mrs. Mary Ague? Raymond,
widow of the late Samuel A. Raymond, and
mother of the late Mrs. Henry Gibbons Jr.,
ored 77 years nnd 8 months.
E^Funeral from her late residence, 920
Polk street, to-day. April 14, at 11:45
o'clock. Interment private.
REISE— In this city. April 13, 1904, Emma E.
C. Relse, beloved wife of Charles Relse,
mother of Charles and Theodor Relse. and
sister of Tbeodor and William E. F. Wehr.
Mrs. Charles Heyer, Henry C. Wehr and
the late Gu»tave Wehr. a native of Neu-
MS'lt. HoUteln. Germany, aged 43 years 4
months and 15 day*.
SCHMIDT— In New York City, April" 10, 1904.
Libby. beloved wife* of George Schmidt of
San Francisco, and Bister of Mrs. Louis
Runckle and Mrs. Xora Boyle of New York
CJiy, agred 38 years.
STEINBERG— In this city, April 13, 1904.
Milton, beloved son of Sam and Rebeccah
Steinberg., a native of San Francisco, aged
2 years and 3 months.
ERESOVICH — A requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of the eoul of the late
Mrs. Caroline Sresovlch at St. Mary's Cathe-
dral to-morrow morning (Friday), at 9
o'clock. Relatives and friends are requested
to attend.
SWEENEY— In this city, April 12, 1004,* Rich-
ard. J., son of James and Ann Sweeney, and
brother of W. P., J. W., J. G., A. E. and
the late F. R. Sweeney and Mrs. L. Buck-
ley, a native of Massachusetts, aged 40 years.
(£7Friend£ and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 3824 Twenty-second street, thence
to St. James Church, where a mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at. 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
WATSON— In this city. April 13. 1904. David
A. Watson, beloved husband of Flora Wat-
son, and father of Irvine. Ernest and infant
Watson, a native of Stanislaus County, Cal.,
aped 36 years, j
WILDER— In this city. April 13, 1904, Gardner
Kensler. eldest ron of Eliza and the late W.
C. Wilder, and brother of C. T.. W. C. and
II. A. Wilder of Honolulu. II. T., a native
of Geneva, 111., ased 40 years 2 months and
2 day*.
WILKINS— In this city. April 12. 1904, Lena
T.. lM^oved wife of Willis G. Wilkins and
fister of Mrs. J. W. Eby, Walter and W. F.
«ie Sanno of Vallejo, Cal., and E. J. de
Sanno and Mrs. J. C. Buck of Harrisburg,
Pa., a native of Pennsylvania, ased 44 years
11 months and 28 days. (Stockton papers
please copy.) ,
C^Fiifnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at the chapel at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, on the arrival of the funeral
car leaving Eighteenth and Guerrero streets
at 2:30 o'clock. Remains at the funeral
parlors of Bunker & . Lunt. 26C6 Mission
street, between Twenty-second and Twenty-
third, Mission Masonic Temple.
ST. DOMINICS Church Building Associa-
tion — The monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased members of St. Dominic's
Church Building Association and for parents
end relatives or living members will be sung
In St. Dominic's Church Thursday, at 9 a. m.
M&T Missouri River and Chicago.
JfThree Fast Trains 'WL
if Chicago and East II
gi 1| Southern Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago t North-Wistsrn Rys. S3 M
ift Standard and tourist sleeping cars, compartment J^J§
observation. cars, buffet smoking and library cars »'^^y^
\B For s'.cepinz car reservations, tickets and information j^Qf MB
wLj^Ww apply to agents Southern Pacific Co., or to jBrjc£3
R. R. RITCHIE. General Agent. Sv^^r^
CHICAGO I NORTH-WESTERN RY. *g^r Mf
617 Market St. w<r;»
fi %^&4#' III i"5 «i f %si2 m
I CALIFORNIA
J LIMITED TOCHICACO
I LEAVES DAILY
i at 5) -'.'10 a. m., througrh. in 3 dayo,
ft with diner and all trappings.
Other Santa 7o Traino:
u'-ln »' ™'\ for Stockton. Fresno. BakersHeld.
8:00 p. m.J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00p.ni. for Stockton.
8:00 p. rn. for Kansas City, Grand .Canyon and
Chlcaeo. j • -'•*•.
TICKET OFFICES — 641 Market St. ana
Ferry Depot. S. T. Also 1112 Broad-
- way. Oakland. Cal. 27 South Pirst SU
San Jo»e.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
. LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlbnxon Ferry. Foot of Market Streets
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:M.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:20 p m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
6UNPAYS— S :00. 9:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
8:30 5:00. 0:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN EAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS — 6:U5, 7:35 7:60 U:2it. 11:13
a. Ri.; 12:S0. 3:40 0:00. &:1*O p. in.
Saturday*— Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40,
3:40. 4:65. 5:05. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco.) Sept. 27. 1003. ]San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Deetlna- } Sun- I Week
, Days. 1 days. | Uon. | days. | Days.
7:30a 8:00a 9:10a 8:40a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 8:30 p 6:05 p 6:20 p,
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a '' ~~' 0:10 a 8:40 a
8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:20 a Fetaluma H:u5 ;> 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p ¦-.-'-..
6:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a ' I I 110:40 a 10:20 a
S:00a] Fulton. [ 7:35 p «:20p
3:30 p 3:30 p( |
Windsor. I
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40 a 10:20a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservtlle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
• Cloverdale,
7:30a 8:00a Hopland 10:40a 10:20a
3:30p 3:o0p| and Uklah. 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Willits. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a) 8:00 a I 110:40 al 10:20 a
3:30p[3:30pf Guernevllle. |7:85p|6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 a I Sonoma, I 0:10 a I 8:40 a
6:10 p| 5:00 p[ Glen Ellen. { 6:05 p| 6:20 p
' 7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at . Green Brae for Saa
Quentln, at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey.
serville for Skaggs Spring's; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, Boonevllle and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Kelseyville, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside. LlerlyV
Bucknells. Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orfi
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg.
West Point. Usal; at Wllilts for Fort Bragg.
We8tport Sherwood, Canto. Covelo, Layton-
vllle Cummincs. Bell's Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen' s. Dyer, Garbervllle. Pepperwocd, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. " ¦
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronic!*
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
i ¦ ¦
¦ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY,
JCAZADERO, Etc/
Via Sausalito Ferry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric —
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:00, 8:00,
9-00 10:00 11:00 a. m., 12:20, 1:45, 3:15,4:15.
5-15' 0:15. 7:00. S:45. 10:20, 11:45 p. m.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
— Dally.i 5:25, 6:35/7:40, 8:35, 9:35. 11:05 a.-
m.' 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 6:45, 6:45,
S:4*.V 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN' FRAN-
CISCO — Dally. 5:15, 6:55, 7:52, a:55. 9:55,
11:20 a. m.; 12:35, 2:00. 3:15. 4:05, 5:05. 6:06,
7;05: 9:00, 10:35 p. m. ~~ .'
FOR FAIRFAX— Depart 8:00 a. m. and 5:15
p. m. week days; S:00, 0:00/10:00, 11:00 a. m.
12:20 and 1:45 p. in. Sundays. '
THROUGH TRAINS.
S:0O a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations.
.5:15 p. m. week days (Saturday excepted)- —
Toinales and way stations. .. .
3:15 -.p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
stations.- • - •'¦¦•.
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyes and.
•wayi stations.
TICKET. OFFICE— 626 Market St.
"• FERRY — Union Depot.: foot of Market st.
galvanizedvlron work, : glazing, stairs, , roofing,'
' etc.. for a : seven-story and basement - brick
: building on S line of. Sutter. street 109 Eo*
Van Ness avenue. E 6»:0 by S 120*; ?35,472. .
James Otis Jr. (owner) with Riley & Hock
(¦contractors), architects Wright & Polk — Brick,
Iron '.work, cementing.- granite work for a five-
story and basement brick building on -SE cor-
ner of 'Davis and Pacific streets. 137:6 on Fa-
rific and 120 on Davis and 137:6 on Clark;
?2~.0"4. .
Same owner •with Bryan Elevator Company
(contractors), architects same — Four elevators
(or tame on same; $0176. .'
• C. H. and D.%G. Kohn (Owners) '¦¦ with Carl
N. P. Ahlgrcn (contractor), architect Martens
& Coffev — All work excepting plumbing, paint-
ing, art slasaMling. .shades, mantels, and gas
fixtures ¦ for .. a two-story and ¦ basement " frame
building on the > S \V '- corner of Halght ; and
Devlsadero streets, W 50 by'S 110: $4731. '
• Blanche E.; Curry (owner) with Thomas : J.
Curry (contractor),, architect -C." Eugene Curry
—AH : work for . a t three-story ¦ frame ' building
(3 flats) on the- S v line of -Waller. «treet. 131:3
W of Shrader, ¦. W, 25 by S 137:6; $6500.
'Chris ' Hinz ..(owner) with Henry, T. Grieb
(contractor}, architect Theodore W. Lenzen —
All .work : excepting . plumbing ; and gas-fltting,
painting and electrical .work and door openers
for "a" three-story ; frame . building/ (.'I flats) on
the N line of Jackson street. 102:6 W of Hyde,
27:6 by 137 f'»; $64C0. ' JWHiji.'jtfftaifcpW— wlft^
; A.' s Glessi^ {owner) v with Ralnpy"&: Phillips
(contractors), architect .Oliver Everett — Brick,
terra, cotta and granite -work, etc., for ; a six-
story and • basement brick • building^ on Si line
of Howard; street. 142:6 E of Third, — 62:6. S
80. W_ 62:0.' N 80; f ?13,SS3. , ;, -:-_j_; ,
FREE— FREE
to .want; advertisers
IX. NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
THE GLOW NIGHT LAMP.
A SCIENTIFIC WONDER.
, Invaluable for Bedrooms, Sick
Chambers,; . Hall, Nurseries,
Bathrooms, STAIRCASES, • etc.
BE SURE TO GET ONE WITH
. A WANT.;ADllN : "'\ v
NEXT SUNDAY'S ) CALL.
Premium cannot be obtained in
any. other way.N c:v York Metal Market.
La»-t Ttiis Last
Station*) — • 24 hours. Season. Season.
i:ureka 0.01 5u.i»
Hed Bluff 0.O0 27.43 2.'J.U
:«.00 15. hi 1G.54
S«n Fmnolsco 0.(H) 19.03 18.12
Fremo O.W «i.«.l s.'ZA
ln<!e|i#-ndence o.OO 2.r.j • 2.1o
S^an i-ui« Oblspo ....O.O0" i:'.K5« J7.20
L** Angelea 0.<K» 7.7.1 1«;.2»
San DWko 0.O0 4.O<J 10.1.2
THE COAST RECORD.
• ?*. '. •,
"--k'-r 29. W» ¦Jf« 46 BE Cloudy .0O
aw>n 29. K2 70 TQ NW C1«ar .IKI
¦ ureka 2».s<; 72 S2 F\V Clear .00
•tnn T-t.Wi R>« 54 W Clear .OO
:".B. Farallor.2ft.ii8 f>7 53 PK Oear 00
: aRFtaff 29. M 72 34 W J't.CIdy .00
• <T*tHlo 2«.8» W) 44 K Clear .00
.i. dependence. 29.82 7H M (?W Clear 00
Iuj Angeles... 29. 94 72 60 KW Clear ,.00
.^^t.Tamnlpa1s 30.00 .'.1 45 8 dear T
' >V.rth Head 50 J
rh'-rnlx 29.74 W> RR 8W Clear" *00
T, Rryes L't.2».95 m 55 R «1oudy !t)0
I'ortland 29. « 72 54 NW Clear 00
Kt-d Bluff .;..29.9(J 72 M KE Clear '<W
PoM-burw 29.80 70 48 NW Cloudy 'oo
SAOieinento ..23.JM5 72 54 KW clear 00 '
Kail Lake 2fl."8 7.K 44 NW Pt.Cldy OO !
H. Francisco.. .W. 02 *j» 5« KW Clear <Xi ]
K. L. Obl«po..."«).02 TO 46 XV Clear O0 i
Kan Dleeu ...29.92 72 54 NW Clear 00
•Seattle 29.90 ?»* 48 W Cloudl «0
Fpokane ».sit 7« 4«3 SW Clear 00
Tatooeh 29.02 W 50 NW Clear .0o
:'; The* congestion 5 In" Cheese continues and- the
market Is ¦ still, sluggish and in ; an •unsatisfac
tory, condition.^;/ -''' ; •-'i-~-.'.* v V^
- - Receipts a were;' 53,400 » lbs Butter, 1358 cases
Keen and 33.300. lbs, Cbteae.'.., :. -. : .--;¦.
Butter continues to come In soft, and though
the quality U improving -somewhat '.with tha
cooler, weather It. will - take some days . yet to
restore the ' market- to 'Its * normal condition -'as
far as I quality , of -the : ; receipts', is concerned."
The -feeling Us sttlU. weak, t but* prices -show no
change. ..- It -was • reported , yesterday * that . somo
holrtenj • ot ; storage , goods,- *; being - desirous -' of
cleaning. them out,: were offering them : downto
12%@15c. Store"; Butter • Is again coming in and
is quoted , below." ,: . • " :¦',.
-Conditions in;Eggsvare getting : unsettled
again. 1.; The - recent -,hot spell * haa ,- resulted , In
increased deliveries of store goods on' this mar
ket and caused some dealers to hold j thtlr ranch
descriptions j with ; more ; firmness, v especially, as
buying for ' storage * seems . again ¦„ on v ; the ' In
crease, i , Another : factor Is.' the; Importation of
Eastern - Eggs, i two cars '. coming • In ' yesterday/
. It > is * understood that i they >. will 4 go " into ; store.
There have been, several other: Jots In: from: the
'East. ; ' Prices; for all; descriptions' remain 'about
the same, but indications point to some fluctua
tion in- the near future. ¦ -,-•" ;: *;.-.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
BARLEY— Yesterday was a Bensatlonal : day
lnrthia grain. - It . became ' known early In' the
forenoon that 1 the ¦ brokerage .< firm - of. Yates < &
Wrights actinz , for, the :• Stockton pool, v which
took all the December deliveries, amounting to
some. 12,000 tons,-; had' sold- about ; 00,000 . sacks
of ': the same^ for, shipment 'Japan - at a ¦ full
figure. ! As l Yates & Wright held about > all the
available Barley, and as this large sale cleaned
out all thtlr, remaining December holdings, the
stock left in : the State > is * hence r reduced - to a
small quantity, and the realization of this con
dition sent the May shorts skurrylng for cover. 1
The' first > tale -of 'May."J which closed on Tues
day at $1 OS.'was at $l'09%,' and the' very, next
wa« at si iPi, and the market, advanced to
May— $1 33% bid/ $1 34 asked.
December— $1 3S;bld, $1 33% asked
• Open. -..' High. Low. . Close.
May ........$1 34- $1 34 . $1 34 fl 34 .
Decembet ... 1 32% 1 33% V, 1 32% : . 1 33';
' '.' '2:p.n>. Session/*
.FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m
California /Club, -fl 37%©! 45: "California
White Australian.^ $1 50@l.C0;. Northern; Club,
$1 3501 42%; . Northern 1 Bluestem \$t;50(Jl 55
per ctl. - • ..¦-:¦'_>;'_.¦ -. ¦¦> • . -
WHEAT — The foreign futures were I lower.
Bad reports from the American crop sent Chi
cago up 2%c and this market for. futures went
up In sympathy.- The cash grain, however, re
mained unchanged. ,. . ..." ¦
According to the private advices Of Mitchell,
Mulcahy .&. Co. from Chicago the crop-pros
pects ofwthe country are. rapidly deteriorating,
and some sections are: sending In.- sensational
reports. Tho States \ from „ which the , severest
complaints come are Indiana, Illinois, Michi
gan and Ohio, the reports from the latter State
being especially bad. - ; Reports from . North
Dakota aro ' also discouraging. Seeding there
Is very backward, not ¦ only , in the Red River
Valley, but alonz the Soo, and it Is said that
the farmers cannot get on to their fleldf, which
have 1 a foot of mud . under ' the snow.- before
May 1,' and -a large acreage win go Into Bar
ley. Flax and Oats. The; Wheat acreage, will
consequently be reduced from 30 to 40 per cent
The Southwest- bought .heavily qn the above
bad reports, and Minneapolis reported • some
Improvement in the Flour demand, which; has
rwcntly been • poor. •'•
""' CASH WHEAT.,
Wheat and Other Grains.
The second car- of -Western Poultry for the
week "was on sale, and the receipts of domestic
stock were : heavier than usual, aggregating
about' seventy coops.. Trade continued active,
however, and ; : offerings of most descriptions
were well cared for at previous prices.' Squab
Pigeons were 'suddenly.' plentiful and were
quoted lower. l " .*-'¦ - •--•.-' •'-"•¦ ¦ ;
; 'Game arrivals were light, and as the stock
came to hand In better- condition , than on ¦ the
preceding day prices of most kinds were higher.
. POULTRY— Live '. Turkeys, • 1C@1Sc . per • lb;
Geese, peri pair,: $2@2 50; Goslings, - $202 50;
Ducks. $5 50ff6 50 per doaen for old and $6 500
7 60 ¦ for young; Hens. . $7<& S • for large .' and
$3 50® 6 for . email; young Roosters. - $7 50©
8 50; old Roosters. $5@6; ..'Fryers. $6@6 6«>;
Broilers. $4@4 50 for large and ?2 50@:i' for
small ; Pigeons. $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old
and $1 75©2 25 for Squabs. ' f
GAME— Gray Geese,- $2#2 50 perl < dozen;
White Geese.' 50@75c;* Brant, $1@1 50; Honkers,
$3®>4 ! English Snipe.: $:i®3 50; common Snipe,
$1 50@l 75; Rabbits. $1@1;75; Hare, 50c@$l.
Poultry and Game.
Sterling Exchange. slxty v days.... — $4 g5«;
Sterling Exchange, sight- .: 4'88",i
Sterling - Exchange, cables ...... — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight ...... '— 12%
New York Exchange.- telegraphic. ; — . 15
Sllvtr. per ounce ................ —r "5;'%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 4514
Exchange and Bullion.
PEACHES — Hold steady, with choice quoted
at 7%«i7%c; extra choice, 7% ©8c. and fancy
at 9%ei0c,
APRICOTS— Are quiet, but ..steady. Cholc*
are quoted at- 9%^10c; extra choice, 10Vi«!
10',4c; fancy. 11013c. . .
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
weak In tone under a light demand. Common
are quoted at 4@5%c: prime, 5%&5%c; fancy
6*^<3*>%c; choice, 7®7%c.
PRUNES— Continue quiet and . easy, with
quotations ranging from 3c to.C%c, according
to rrade. r-<\... - ..-,_..
DRIED FRUITS.
SUGAR— Raw, nominal. Fair refining, 3%c;
centrifugal. 08 test, 3%c; molaescs sugar,
2%c. Refined was quiet. ' '
The market for coffee futures closed firm at
an advance of 10flJ5 points. Sales, 96,750
bags, including: April. 0.15c; May. 6.10@(i.20c-
July. e.40©«.65c: August. 6.60<g6.70c: Sep
tember. 6.05®0.80c: October. 0.85c: December,
7@7.05c: January, 7.10®7.15c; February, 7.20c
and March, 7.25c.
• RED/AND > WHITE . LEAD— Red Lead. .70
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7®7%c, according to
quantity. - -• '¦*• ¦ < <
'*-¦ SUGAR— Tke Western: Sugar : Refining -Com
pany quotes as follows/ per lb. In 100-lb bag*:
Cubes, r A'.. Crushed ; and - Fine Crushed, • S.65c;
Powdered. > 15.50c; -. Candy '" Granulated. . • 5.50c;
Dry -Granulated, -'. fine,' ¦ 5.40c:; : Dry ¦ Granu
lated," coarse.- 6.40c ',- Fruit " Granulated,* 5.40c;
Beet : Granulated < (100-lb bags "¦ only). 5.30c;
Confectioners'. -A,' -5.40c; Magnolia - A,- 5c:
Extra'**-. C. ; :- 4.90c : .- - Golden C. >: 4.R)c: ;j".'D.".
4.70c: {barrels.' 10c more: h»lf bureU 25c norm:
COAL — Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $6 50: Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver. Hill, $6; Stanford. $7; "Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay," $5 50; Greta, $7: Wallsend,.$7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 In'
Eapks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,- $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13;.. Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel, $S 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50013
per-tonln bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptiens, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton, according, to brand. . ... . . .._ ¦
Harrison's. circular says: "Since the steam
ship Sonoma left this port there has been no
cargo cf Australian Coal delivered here." This
Is very exceptional, now nearly one month since
the last ship f rosn ; Newcastle arrived. There
are four. vessels now en route to this port which
are fully due; several new names have been
added this week- to > the chartered list' of 'coal
carriers, which now figures up In all thirty-one
vessels, with a carrying capacity of about 80.000
tons. ' Some ¦ of these vessels . will not load
before July or ? August next. The Australian
Coal now her* In y»rd amounts to very little
and is almost entirely held by . one wholesale
dealer, hence price* are well , sustained. As
spring weather has put In an appearance,- the
sales of household coals will materially dimin
ish. 1 " Freight rates, on Coal from Newcastle are
reported - much * firmer, • caused , presumably by
the freight rates on grain to Europe from colo
nial ports. There is but -little demand here
for all grades of. foreign fuel,, which are only
suitable. for steam" purposes, as the prices de
manded here : for British Columbia and Wash
ington : steam ¦ Coals \ makes If impossible ¦ for
outside Coals to compete. An accurate report
of the California output, of crude oil for 1903
has Just been Issued, showing 23,000.000 barrels
have been sent to the surface. . This in round
figures signifies - the displacement of fully
C.OOO.COO tons of Coal fuel."* 5
I OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add f>c: Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47cfor raw; Castor 'OH.* in cases. No.; 1. -70c;
Bakers': AA, $1 1001 12: Lucol, 45c -for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut.' 60®70c per gallon;
Cbcoanut Oil in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra* bleached winter Sperm
Oil, 85c; natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c; extra
bleached winter ;Whale Oil, 65c;' natural Whale
OH; 60c; : extra, winter strained Lard Oll, i ',75c;
No. 1 ? Lard OH.' 60c; . pure ; Neatsfoot Oil. 75c:
No. 1. Neotsfoot; Oil.- 65c: light 'Herrinr 'Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil. ,43e: Salmon 'Oil. 3Sc:
botied Fish : Oil. 40c: raw Fish OH. 38c; boiled
Paint Oll.'35c; raw. Paint Oil. 33c. ¦;¦»
'-. COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, in bulk,
14c; Pearl 'Oil, In cases,' 20% c; Astral 20%c;
Star.' 20%c; Extra . Star. ,24%c: Elaine, 26%c:
Eocene. l 23%c;! Deodorized • Stove Gasoline, In
bulk, - 16c; In cases,: 22%c; Benzine, in bulk.
13c;, In- cases. ,19%c: 80-degree • gasoline in
bulk. 25or In cases. 31c. ¦" . ' ¦ .
.TURPENTINE^ — Slcper gallon In cases and
75c In drums and iron. barrels. : " • " : ¦
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Bags. 6%c spot and 5%c June-
July; San Quentln, $5 40; Wool Bags, 32@35c;
Fleece Twine. 768c.'
LOCAL MAEKETS.
SEATTLE, Wash.. April 13. — Clearings,
$SCS,{HW:- balances, $100,284.
TACOMA. Wash.. April 13. — Clearings, $307,
08S: balances. $40,US5.
PORTLAND. Or., April 13. — Clearings, $6S9,
084: balances,. $117,794.
SPOKANE. Wash., April 13. — Clearings,
$101,143; balances. $23,003.
Northern Business.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, April 13. — WHEAT— Steady and
unchanged; bluestem. 83c; club. 75c.
PORTLAND. April 13.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 75c; bluestem. S2e; valley, 80@81c.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market
The Potato market Is controlled by a few
firms who own the bulk of the available sup
plies, and as there is very little competition
between dealers prices , are easily maintained
and the ' :nr.rket cleans up well from day to
day. Small sales : of river Burbanks were re
ported yesterday- at $1 55 per cental. Yellow
Onions were quoted steady at unchanged rates,
while green were In better demand and higher.
Receipts of Asparagus continued too heavy
for the regular i trade to absorb, being over
1800 boxes, but the market was held steady by
canners, who were purchasing freely, paying
3@3%o for No.. 2 and 4c for No. 1. Old and
poor lots were still selllnj below the quota
tions. Pead were easier ¦ under heavy -receipts
and trashy . lots were offering at ; 85c@$l per
sack. Rhubarb continued to sell at ¦ a • wide
range as to quality and southern . vegetables
had but slight variation. Receipts from across
the .bay included 724 boxes of Rhubarb and 750
sacks of Peas. ....
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river, $1 25
fi$l 60 per Ctl; Oregon Burbanks, $1 50(gl 75
per ctl: River Reds. $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed. $1 10@l 25 per ctl;
Garnet Chiles. $1 25@1 50. per. ctl: Early Rose,
$1 40@l 75 per ctl; new Potatoes, 2%@3c per
pound. .'¦',-' ' ¦
ONIONS— Yellow, $2 50@2 85 per ctl for Ore
gon and $3@3 25 for Australian; Green Onions.
35®50c per box. ,• ¦. ¦ - : i . - •
VEGETABLES — Asparagus, fitfific per lb for
extra 4®4%c for No. 1 and 3@3%c for No. 2,
Rhubarb. 50c@$l per box:. Green Peas. 2©3c
per lb; String Beans,' 8@15c. per lb;; Toma
toes 75c<£$l 25 uer box or crato for Los An
geles and $1 50@l 75 . for" Mexican: Summer
Squash from 'Los Angeles. $1@1 25. per box:
Cabbage.. >1 25 per ctl: Carrots. 50c. per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. - 75cig$l 50 , per „ dozen;
Garlic 15c perlb: Egg Plant. per lb;
Dried Peppers. : C<3Sc per ' lb for ' Stockton and
loVil2%c' lor southern; 'Dried Okra, 12%@15c
per lb-. Gteen Peppers (Mexican). UVg'.T.c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash, Jobbing at lV4@2c per
pound.. ..'...;,...-*..'. .
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening ¦ • « 5% 6 5%
Closing • « 5>,4 6 5%
PARIS.
Wheat — - April. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 35 20 Gf»
Closing ••• -2 30 20 00
Flours —
Opening 28 90 2S 10
Closing ....28 90 28 05
LIVERPOOL.
Foreign Futures.
KAN FRANCISCO, April 13—5 p. m.
The following ure the ecaFonal rainfalls to
<Jate as cor.:j;ar«-d with thos* of the sanse dat^
Ifcsl season, and the rainfall in the last twctity
1 < >ut- hour> : .',,-.
< 120th Meridian— Pacific Timr.)
Weather Report.
Totals 2.713 $108,073
The t--hlpnw-nts in March, IS03. were 83i
flj.t>ks, valued 8t $39,107. The rooriptB at San
I-VanciFCo last month were 15*77 fiaFks agalnrt
3CS7 flasks in March, 1903.
ch"£r r^:^ gag
Japan 1 50 c.150
Mexico 4!)5 21,383
Ontral America VH 2.712
i?*i^lia -•• • ....... 1 44
liritish .Columbia 1- 44
Th* shipments of quicksilver from San Fran
cisco by s.a In March were as follows:
Quicksilver Trade.
A standard New York authority thus Ftates
the current conditions In trade: "A« a result
of i^cent stock market advances a much better
Idling exists in financial circles, notwith
.-•ai; !i:.c many unsatisfactory features. It Is
<juit*; evident that the country i* going through
a reriod of business reaction, which began in
th> East and it tlowly traveling westward.
Its grtaUft severity seems to have been felt
• in this side of the Mississippi, and there are
«!rcady .-.-¦:.- of recovery which are more or
l'-ss encouraging. 'At^the West depression has
bwn much less severe, hut se^ms .destined to
run tit courst until it disappears on the Pa-
GiBc foast. Both railroad earnings and clear
ing house returnt. as well as business reports,
testify to this ivartion, and the great wonder
is that it has not been more severe, consider
ing the upheavals that have taken place In
'he financial and in the labor markets. The
latter arc fortunately abating, and the quick
r. sumption of revival tendencies Is satisfactory
j roof of the soundness of business affairs in
Mntral. The cost of living is very high and
e good many men are thrown out of employ
ment l>y labor troubles or other difficulties:
but the r«-aCJustment 1 rocess is fairly under
way, and Is likely to continue until the basis
of a new forward movement is laid. The
Houth and Southwest, it is worth noting, con
tinue exceptionally pros-pcrous."
Condition of Trade
- The 'following quotations are for good, sound
Llx-estuck, delivered In, San Francisco, less 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 8@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@8c; thin Cows, 4ig5c per lb.
I CALVES— 4©4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP — Wethers, 4%@5; Ewes, 4V4©4%c
per lb (gross weight). ¦ .
LAMB— $2 7563 per head. . > ,,,^_
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs. 5% 96c;
over 200 lbs, 5%«5%c; soft. Hogs,-. 4%#5Vic;
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per c«nt off,
and Stacs, 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. . . :
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
ate as follows:
BEEF — 7%®8c for Steers and 6%®7c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 8%@9c; small, 8%@9%c per
pound. '
. MUTTON— Wethers, 9<gl0c; Ewes, 8%@9%c
per lb.
LAMB— 12%@13c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 0%«J9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK. MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
: Spring Lamb and Wethers on foot were lower
yesterday. Otherwise there were no changes.
Meat Market.
j Msccllaiieous Markets. I
There is no further change In the situation.
Liroas Blackeyes and Small Whites , continue
very firmly held owing to the hot, dry weather
in the south, and growers are daily becoming
moie indisposed to let go. .A soaking rain
might loosen up things somewhat, but if none
comes the, chances are that prices will go still
BEANS— Bayos. $2 35@2 50; Pea. $3@3 23;
Butters $3 60©3 75; small White. $3(&3 10;
large White, $2 05@2 75; Pink, $3 3003 50:
Red. $4 50;, Lima, *.'{ 20®3 SO; Red Kidneys,
$4 5005; Blackeye. $2 15@2 25 per ctl; Horse
Btrans. ' $2i{f2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 75@4; Yellow
Mustard $3@-S 25; Flax. $18O@1 90; Canary,
5%®5%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14%©16c; Rape.
Ui«i2c; Timothy. 0@6%c; Hemp, -3%©4c per
lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@2l
per ton. ¦
DRIED PEAS — Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles,
$3 25; Green. $3@3 25. •.¦•
Beans and Seeds. *
Lumber Exports in March.
The exports of lumber from San Fran'-iyco
Yy sea in March were as follow*:
To— F«wt. Values.
Hawaiian Islands 27KN05 >r...".s •
«:reat Britain 20.J. 22» *i.iO-i
Mexico ii.i.7i»7 a.iee
•."entral America Tl.tils l.«Ui
r«nama r>l..'!iU l.«J2>
Tahiti M-.1.434 2.::i4
I>ua<lor 2r»,r.('i<» .%(X»
/.us-tralia 19,729 800
Samoan Islands ll,4-';2 2tJS
Totals 8C5.r,34 {22,003
IX-nnaz:"' —
Great Britain Ki.OOO S41
Grand touls JC0.504 $22,844
In Man.1i liHXt. the expcirtr Including dun
rage, wen- KZs.-.&i feet, valued at »22.<il't>. Th«
»-'.unna£t- «hipments in that month were 106.500
eet, valued st ?24?1.
recover its former holdings of Northern Pa
cific. But the action of the stock yesterday
on that supposition caused a deeply grounded
impret*-lon that the recent mysterious accumu
lation of Union Pacific Is based on the hope of
¦ advantage to the stock from the ends sought
in the fult. The speculative basis thus im
plied for the recent movement in Union Pa
cific and the problematical outcome of the
factors in the speculation caused misgivings.
The uncertainty thus caused ard reflected in
the hesitating fluctuations in Union Pacific un
eettJed the whole market. To add to the hesi
tation reiiorts were circulated of the I forma
tion or a formidable i>arty for a bear cam
paign which had been selling Us holdings and
putting out fhert line* at the high level In
I preparation for an onslaught upon values. The
effect of th?*e rei>orts was to intimidate trad
er* from attempting to advance prices or from
buying stock?. The influence- of foreign mar
kets wan also on the Fide of reaction, and there
were ferrs that the Russian naval disaster
might result In further depression in the Paris
market. The cancellation of- an option of
C7.000 tor.s of plglron by the United States
Su-el »*orporation and the reason given, that It
vas fiared thai the purchase would Invite the
resumption of blast furnaces, was not of re
aK!<uring «-ffect on sentiment regarding the
ir<m and Eteel trade. Renewed strength In the
wheat market pointed to yesterday's weak
ness as due to profit taking on the Government
report, wtth the ultimate effect still to be
counted with. On the other hand reports
were current of a large export of steel prod
ucts for March, and the very cheerful view
of the trade outlook expressed by the Iron Age
and published near the close, had an important
Influence in rallying the market. The closing
was firm.
lV-nd.« were Irregular. Total sales,
$l.C90,0C0.
United States fours advanced % on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchlson 51.000 74 n 73«i 74%
AtchiKKi T'fd 500 92% !•:?% 1W%
Bait & Ohio 7.000 S0% 80 fc0%
Bait & Ohio pfd 50O fll 90% 00%
Canadian Pacific . 2.100 117 . 11C& ll(i%
Cent cf New Jersey 15S
Chc*a & Ohio *00 33 32% .T5
Chicago & Alton .. 100 37% 37%- 37%
Chi & Alt pfd • ¦ ...i SO%
Chi & Great Wept 1,500 17 16% 16%
Chi & Northwest. . 100 172 172 171%
Chi Mil & St Paul 14.700 145% 144 145<i
I Chi M &.M P pfd ..:- .... 175-
Chi Term & Trans 200 9% SS 9
Ohl T & T pfd 19%
C C C & St Louis lit
Colo Southern 200 17% 17% 17%
Colo South 1st pfd 54%
Colo South 2d pfd 100 24% 2*% 24%
Delaware & Hud. 000 154 153% 154
De!a Lai ka & We st 270
Hen Ik. Rio Grande 21%
Ren & Kio Gr prd MO 71 % 71% . 71%
Krie <S,000 20% 2R% 2C%
Krle 1st pfd 2.200 «5% «5 C5%
F.rie 2d pfd . S00 42% 41% 41%
Hooking Valley 71 .
Hock Val pfd 200 80% S0% M«i
Illlnoi? Central .. COO JSO% 130% 130%
j'.v.-;i Central .... 19 -
I Iowa Cent pfd 37
I Kan* City Southern 18%
Kans C South pfd M1O 3fl .35% 35%
LouIfv & Nashv . • 4.000 1C9% 108% 109%
Manhattan L 200 143 142% 142%
Metro Securities 79
Metro Et Railway 2.700 115% 114% 115U
Minn & St Louis 47
Minn S P & K S M 200 61 61 01 •
i M 8 P&S B M pfd ...'. 117
MiFsourt Pacific . 5,700 04 93% 81%
Mo Kans & Texas 17*4
M K & T pfd GOO 40 38% 3«%
Nat RR of Mex pfd 1.000 39% :5S% 38%
New York Central 000 117% 117% 117%
Norfolk & Western COO 5S% 58% 5S>i
Nor & Wetl pfd ss
Ontario & Western 4<V> 21 % 21 % ' 21 %
Pennsylvania 43,400 119% 118% 119
Pitts- C C & £t L 61
Reading 15.200 45% 44% 4it%
Reading lFt pfd 78%
Reading 2d pfd ... 1. 000 «54 ' «214 63V.
'Rock inland Co .. 12,700 24 23 u £3%
i Rock Island Co pfd 8QO 65% C5% 65%
Ht L. & S F 2d pfd 100 47%. 47% 47>/»
Ht LouIbKW ..... .... .... 14
Ft Loulg SW pfd 34% !
Southern Pacific .. 20,400 4ii% 48% <'J% |
Bouthern Railway. 3,fi00 22% 22 22%
South Hallway pfd 500 85 85 R5
Texas & Pacific .. WO 24% 24% "4V*
Tol Si L & ,W«rt flOO 28 25% 25%
Tol St L & W pfd -1.400 3fc% 37% 38
Union Pacific .... 87.«0O *7 85% t»i%
ITnlon Pac pfd ... 600 82% 82 92
WalMKh 1 v 1. I
Wabaeh pfd '. 2,000 38% 37% 3S%
Wheel & Lake Erie j 7 u
Wisconsin Central. 600 18% IS 18%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 300. 41 . 40% 41
Express Companies —
Adams 100 224% 224% 224
American .... Is5
United Mater 107 .
Wdls-Fargo .'A .'204
MlFrFllaneou?— mjrt~nmWMl(jl'
Amalgam Copper .. 19,800 50% 49%' '60%
Am Car & Foundry 000 19& 18 It mu
NEW YORK, April in.— The dull and un
certain stock rr.?.rket of to-day was the natural
outcome ot the course of the previous market.
The rather violent break In Union Pacific with
which the market closed yesterday was re
garded to-day as due to a raid. A more care
ful consideration of the part taken by the At
torney Oeneral in the Northern t>ruriUe* pro
cecding* at i=t. Paul modified the first impres
sion that the Government was opposing • Itself
en principle to the Union Pacific's effort to
Xew York Stock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, April 13.— CATTLE — Receipts —
1S.O0O head; market steady to strong; good
to prime steers. $5 1005 55; poor to medium,
$3 5004 90;, stockers and feeder?, $3 75@4 35;
cows, " $2® 4 25; heifers, $2 25^4 50; canners,
$2tfJ2 60; bulls,- $2iji4 10; calvea.. $2 50®5;
Texas fed j=t»ers. $4$t4 <io.
HQGS — Receipts. to-day. '21*600 head, to-mor
row 20.000 head: .market 1 - strong. 5c higher:
mixed and butchers', $5 10@5 35; good to
choice heavy, $5 25«J5 40; rough heavy, $5 10
65 23; light, $4 90<§5 25; bulk of sales, $5 10
6y "!0.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000 head; the market
for sheep and lambs was strong: good to choice
wethers, $4 75{j5 40: fair to choice mixed, $;? 50
<&4 50; Western sheep. $4 5005 35; native
lambs. $4 50<&5 50; Western lambs. $5 50Q0 40.
Livestock Market.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about 'ifile under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, «%c; medium, 8%c; light, 7%c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags,
<ic- Salted Kip, 0c: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hides. 15@lCc; dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf,' 18c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25@30c each;
short Wool, 40'jjCTic each; medium, 70@90c: long
Wool, $1<§1 50; Horse Hides, salt, $2 75 for
large and $2«z'2 50 for medium. $1 25@1 75 for
small and 5Cc tor Colts. -Horse- Hides, dry,
$1-75 for large and $1 50 for medium, $1@1 25
for small and 50c for Colts. Buck Sklnc — Dry
Mexican, 31c; dry Salted . Mexican, 25c; dry
Centra! American, 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c: large and smooth, . 50c; medium,
35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW; — No. 1 rendered, 4U®4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%@4c; grease. 2%©3c.
WOOL — Spring clip — San Joaquln and South
em, 12 months'. 0@llc; do 7 months', 8@10e
per lb.
HOPS— 24@27c per lb for California, 1003.
and 17%@20c for crop of 1904.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Am Car & F pfd.. .... 71
Am Cotton Oil 20%
Am Cotton Oil pfd 83
Am Ice 500 7\i 7 7
Am Ice i>fd 100 27% 27% 27V1
Am Linseed Oil ... * 8 •
' Am Lin Oil pfd.... .... 27%
Am Locomotive .. 200 21V* 21 21 ¦
Am Loco pfd 200 82% 82^4 "82 •
Am Smelt & Ret.. 300 4S% 48Vi 1S%
Am Smelt & R pfd 900 93% 93 93%
Am Sugar Ref 3.700 128V4 127% 127%
Anaconda Mln Co. 300 7S*i 78 77
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 2.2OO 4'% 4B% . 47
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 1.9OO 33 32 32
Consolidated Gas.. 1,200 15)8% ll»7 108^4
Corn Products 400 13% .13% .1314
Corn Products pfd. 300 71 70 Vi 70
Distillers' Qecurit.. 200 23 22% 22%
General Electric ... 200 164 1G4 164
Internat Paper .... .... 11%
Internat Paper pfd *HJ%
Internat Pump .... 38%
Internat Pump pfd. 75 ¦
National Lead 3,100 17*i 1C% 17%
North American . . 100 83 83 S3
Pacific Mall 26%
People's Gas 200 97 96% 9(J%
Pressed Steel Car.. 200 29% 29% 29%
Pressed S Car pfd. 200 71 Vt 71 V4 71
Pullman Pal Car 209
Republic Steel H00 7=4 7% 7%
Republic Steel pfd. 400 46% 46 46
Rubber Goods 300 10 10 1$%
Rubber Goods pfd '79
Tcnn-Coal & Iron. 1,600 33% 39% 39%
U S Leather :JOO 0% <S% ii%
D S Leather pfd... 200 79 78'i 7S-%
V S Realty 300 7 0% fl'-ii
U S Realty pfd 800 51% 5i% 51%
U S Rubber .... l't%
U S Rubber pfd... 1(10 50% 5!U g 5S>a
U S Steel 2.400- 11% 11 »i 1\%
U S Steel pfd 31.100 01% C0% f>l-%
Wcstlnghse Elec.: l«0
Western Unlcm ... 200 887, SS% 8S%
Northern Securities 0S%
Total sales ...384.200
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NKW YORK, April 13. — No bond transac
tions to-day.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Common, bid 4&. asked 4%; preferred, bid
35%.' asked :Wi.
NEW YORK BONDS.
U S ref 2s reg..lOC JL & N unified 4s. S9%
Do couron lo'j IMan co ngold 4s. 101%
Do 3b reg J.«0 IMfX Cent 4s.... . 04%
Do coupon 107 ¦ Do 1st inc.... 13
Do n^-w is reg.lo2milinn i St L 4s.. 95%
Do coupon L33Ms|M, K & T 4s 99%
Do old 4e rcg.AVi'ir' Do 2ds JS%
Do coupon lu'^i'NK of Mcx con 4s (5
Atch gen 4s !K)%!n Y C gen :t',is.. OSVs
Do adj 4s .... OO-^iiN J C gen 5s 129
Atlantic C L 4s. I':)»ilN°r Pac 4s 103%,
Fal &. Ohio 4s...l0uV;] Do 3s 72>4
Do 3%s «3mXor & W con 4s. O7V4
Central of Ga 5s.lo;%iOSL 4s & partlc. 95'4
D<- 1st inc OS! Pa conv 3%s.... JtO%
Ches & Ohio 4»is.in2"4J Heading gen 4s... 97
Cht & Alton S%a. 7aU«J?I. & 1 M con 5«.112%
C. B & Q new 4s. 94^i|S L & S F fg 4s. 82%
CM & SP gnls.U*4ii«t Louis SW 'lsts. 95%
C & N\V con 7s.. 121*^ I St- aboard A L 4s., 07%
C. R I & Pac 4*. 714U8; Pacific 4s 89%
Do col 5s 80%|co Railway 5s 113%.
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.llH)»i|Tex & Pac lsts,.117
Chi Term 4s 80 |T. St L & W 4s.. 6'J
Ccn Tobacco ' 4f. 58^ I Union Pacific ,4s. 102%
& So 4s 85%| Do conv 4s 99%
Colo F & I 5s... 71 US Steel 2d 5s.. 79
Den & Rio G 4s. 1I8V1 Wabash lsta ....117V4
Erie prior lien 4s. 9S Do deb B ..... t!2=S,
Do gen 4s S«% W & L Erie 4s.;. 88%
F W & D C lsts.106 WIs Cent 4s 89%
Hock Val 4%s..lOtPil
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con .... 20|Llttle Chief 00
Alice ISiOntario '. 4 25
Hreece lOjOnhir .'. 4 80
liruns Con tt<| Phoenix 10
Com Tunnel .„. 0:»| Savage 3<J
Con Cal & Va. . 1 55|sierra Nev CX)
Horn Silver 1 25 Small Hopes .... 15
Iron Silver 1 70 Standard 2 CO
Leadvllle Con ... 02
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— If S Steel. ....... 11%
Cfell loans . .. i .2%@3%| Do pfd (il%
Time loanx . . .3 V»© 4% I Westing Common. 79
Iiondi« — ' I Mining —
Atcrlson 4s OOUi Adventure 2%
Do adj 4s 90 Allouez 4%
Mex Cent 4n 04 lAmal Copper .'... 50 Vh
Kailroads — ' |Amer Zinc 10%
Atcbison 74% 1 Atlantic 8
He pfd . 91 Illlngham .. i'.fH3%
I Ponton & Albany.250 | Calumet & Hecla.4«5
Koston & Maine.107 {Centennial '. 20 V
Ecston E!ev l.'J»% ICopper Range ... 42%
Fit.hburg pfd 141 I Daly West 'Z2\{ .
Mtx Central . 6%iDom Coal ' C.1%
N Y. N H & H..18H (Franklin 7%
Perc Marquette.. 74 jGranoy 3
I I'liion Pacific 80?{,|l!«le Royale 7%
Miscellaneous — j Mass Mining .... 4
Arwr Arge Chem. 12% '¦ Michigan 5
Do pfd 71 (Mohawk 41%
Amer Pneu Tube. 4%|Hont Coal & Coke 2
Amcr Sugar 12* I Old Dominion 12
Do pfd 125% ; Os<ceola 5S
A toer Tel & Tel . 1 26 % I Parrot 25
Amer Woolen ... l»%|Qutncy So
Do pfd 75 I Shannon ¦ 8Vi
I Dom Iron & S... 9% j Tamarack 95
i Ed Elect Ilium... 237% I Trinity 4%
Gen Electric 104 IU S Mining 20?;
•Mass Electric 20% U S Oil 9%
Do pfd 75 (Utah 3-{%
Mas* Gas 40%) Victoria 3M
Un Shoe Mach... 48 Winona (i%
Do pfd 2S»i! Wolverine 72
: London Closing Stocks.
Cons money ..S3 5-lClN v Central 121
Do acct 83 1-161 Nor & Western.. «',0
Anaconda 4 | Do pfd 90 '
Atchlson 75H!Ont & Western.. 21%
Lo pfd 9<iU> I Pennsylvania .... «1
C;?l & Ohio 82% K& :id Mines 10%
C;.n Pacific 120% Reading L'2%
Ches & Ohio S3% Dc 1st pfd..... 40- j
Chi Great West.. 17 Do 2d pfd 3«%
rhl. Mil & St P.. 14 I So Railway 22%
De Beer* 19%! Do pfd S«>%
Den & Rio G 22%|So Pacific . 50%
Da pfd 74 I U» 'on Pacific .... M)
Erie 27%l Do pfd fi.j
Do 1st pfd V7M V S Steel 11-y,
Do 3d pfd 43 Do pfd rt2>;
111 Central ..134 Wabash 20
Louis & Na«h...lll'.AI Do pfd 39
M, K &. Texas... 18 ISp/inirh 4s 7i
Bar silver — Uncertain, 24 13-1M per ounce.
Money— 2®2% per cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
short bills is 2%£M'Si per cent and for three
months' bills 2 »-104?25b per cent.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, .April 13. — The cotton market
rinsed unsteady, 15@45 points lower.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. April 13.— FLOUR— Receipts,
23.500 barrels; exports, 11.115 barrels; market
quiet, but more firmly held. »
WHEAT — Receipts, 39,000 bushels; sales
4.200.000 buvheis of futures. Spot market firm.
No. 2 red, $1 05%, nominal, elevator, and
$1 0C%61 09%. nominal, f. o. b., afloat; No
1 Northern Duluth, $1 02%,' nominal, f. o. b.,
afloat! No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b.,
afloat. Options opened lower on "account of i
weak cable*, but Instantly rallied • on strength
West. Later sharp advances were secured, on
numerous bullish crop advices, strong South
west buying and cold weather In the spring
wheat belt. dela>lng farm work. The close
was strong, 1%01%c net higher. May
»4%©9«%c. eloped 80%c;. July. 90%<|92 3-lGe
closed 92%c: September. 83%es5%c. closed
feS'ic: December, S4<ffS3%c, closed S5%c.
PKTROLECM— Easy.
COFFEE — Spot' Rio, firm. No. 7 Invoice
7VJc; mild, steady. '
CHICAGO. April 13.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the butter | market was easy;
creameries. 14@23%C! dairy. 12%e21c. Eggs
firmer. l(j%c. Cheese weak, J»ei()%c. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
NEW YORK. April 13.— Close— Money on
ca!l. »asy. 1U(?1*{ j#r cent: closing bid and
a*ked. 1 l <i W:T ceut.
Time loans. ea*y and dull: sixty days. 2W.«t
2 s j per cer.t: ninety da>>. 2%@^!?i per cent;
t:x months, 3\ ier cent.
Prime m« rcantile paj>er. 4^4*4 per cent.
SterlinK exchange, strong, with actual busi
ness in bankers' hills at *4.87:K;@4-k735 for de
mand and at H.8ft&S(M.MM for sixty-day bills.
Posted rates. $4 Kt\?Qi 8S.
Commerc.al bill*. ?1 S4%.
liar *ilvfr. jVJ-^c.
Mexican dollais. 4;jc.
Government bond^. firm; railroad bonds, Ir
regular.
AVrc York Money Market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 10%c per lb for
heavy, lie for light medium. -13c for light.
Hy.c for extra light and 15@16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams,12%c; Cali
fornia Hams. 119i@12%c; Mess Beef, $10 50®
11 per bbl: extra Mess. $11 50@12; Family.
$12 50@13; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$24: Mess. $18; Dry Salted Pork, 10%c; Pig
Pork.' $27; Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef, 14c
per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and'Itc for pure; half-barrels, pure,
«Wc; 10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins,
10c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barrels, lie; one tierce, &T4c; two tierces,
S%c; Uve tierces, 8%c per lb.
'The market remains quiet and as before
quoted. The local situation Is 'tame and
featureless.
Provisions.
CHICAGO,' April 13. — Cash, quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring
wheat l»0i??97c; No. 3, 85(296c: No. 2 red,
115697c: No. 2 corn, 53c ;. No. 2 yellow. 53c;
No. 2 oats. :t7"<.c; No. 3 white, 37%@42%c;
No. 2 rye G7@CSc: good feeding barley. 310
;i5c- fair 'to choice msfltlng, 44<jj55c; No. 1
fiaxsecd. $1 00; No. 1 Northwestern,- $1 10;
prime timothy seed, $2 SO; mess pork, per
bbl $12 25@12 37%: lard, per 100 lbs, $0 55®
0 60; short ribs sides (loose), $(J 25@0 37%;
short clear sides (boxed), $G 75@7; whisky,
basis or high wines, $1 2S; clover, contract
grade. $10 75.
Article" — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls • 41,200. 21,300
Wheat, bu ¦..-.-• 4*5,500 20,300
Corn bu ../. 145.400 111,000
Oats' bu - 149.800 . 70.400
Rve ' bu ;•• '2,000 3.500
Bariey, b» 54,200 1S.800
Cash Grain and Provisions.
EASTERN MARKETS.
San Krancitco and vicinity — Cloudy Thurs
day: possibly light showers in the morning;
fresh southerly winds, changing to westerly.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
Nevada — Fair Thursday.
No rain has fallen on the Pacific Coast, ex
cept a light shower at TamalpaU. Southerly
win.is continue from San Francisco northward.
The temperature has fallen from 14 to 20
drp. over the greater portion of Oregon and
Washington, and about 8 deg. In the northern
portion of the San Joaquln.
A maximum wind velocity of 2S miles per
hour from the south Is reported at Eureka.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hourr, ending midnight April 14:
Northern <".al;fornia — Cloudy Thursday; pos
sibly liRht showers in northern portion; fresh
southerly wind.
Southern California — Cloudy Thursday; fre«h
southwest winds.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. V. »: ¦
"We have had a good trading market and
priors seem destined for a higher level: stili.
tuyers must now exercise greater prudence, ar
the advance renders reactions more probable."
Henry Clews pa>s In his New York circular:
*"Th* unusual *-asp of the money market i*
portly Out to lessened business* requirements.
«»ur April usually a period of dis
turbance, were jiassrd without a flurry. An
othrr rvason for present «a«e is the great and
«ontinun1 expansion of our currency. Usually
f-uch conditions stimulate « xce^Five speculation;
hut public lomjwT ar.d the public pocketbook
¦ re in no condition for extremes of this sort.
Uoth Investors and yprculutors are in an fl
• ¦»tdinc!y conservative- frame of mind, and this
I* a eafefruard for the future. Gold exports
liave commenced, and ceem likely to continue
lor a r^riod. This is the reason for such
movement*, and. in view of our large surplus
rrffn'fti, they are not likely to cause any con
•¦••rn. Our exports have been Interrupted by
the recent tjx-culation in cotton and wheat:
t it s* these influences have been broken, and
as our imports are declining under dimlnishcil
trad* activity here, the chances are not in
favor of any extensive outflow under rrc>ent
condition*. London has shown more disposi
tion to invest in Americans lately, and this is
a favorable element. The international move
ments, however, will probably be largely in
fluenced by the war. Very soon Fome decisive
*np«gemtnts are likely to take place and hos
tilities will l>e more actively pushed. . Japan
b likely to soon place a loan, and will prob
ably raise fund* in this way more easily th-an
Russia, which ha* already drained France of
«;i Khc is willing- to part with. A decisive
.laparu-se victory would probably be promptly
followed by a Japanese loan, while the effect
u;.on Russian credit would be severe, especially
in Trance, where the loana to holders of Rup-
F:an l>ord> would not strengthen the Franco-
Ku^sian alliance. Should Rugsia score the n'i>'t
importcnt victory the results mljrht be exactly
the reverse of the above, but hardly In the
tafflf degree.
MOXEV AXD STOCKS.
The Situation as Viewed in Wall
Street.
Walla Walla.. 29. 7S 80 54 SW Pt.Cldy 00
Wlnnwnueca .2:).R2 70 3S SW Clear .00
Yuma 23.74 100 53 W Clear .00
Bran and Middlings continue firm at the ad
vance noted yesterday and offerings are light.
Hay continues more or less easy, though - the
leading holders are not pressing' the market to
Bell. ¦.-« •¦..¦.¦.-¦.¦ • ' - . " .¦ ¦_-..•
The circular ¦ of Somers & Co. says:
"The surprisingly large quantity of 3300 tons
of Hay has arrived during the week ending
to-day, an increase of 500 tons over the week
preceding. It is several months since we have
had any such . arrivals , as this. It is an un
deniable fact that the country cannot stand a
continuance . of such heavy drains very long
and we are* of the decided opinion • that from
this time on shipments will be much lighter.
Some sample . shipments have been made from
•outside' districts, but the style of bale and
quality of Hay^gent has not been very satis
factory to this market, with the result that
shippers have been considerably disappointed
and are now seeking other markets for their
Hay. Both in the extreme northern. and the"
extreme southern parts of the State, as well
as very generally throughout .the San Joaquln
Valley, the three-wire bale Is used almost, ex- ]
cluslvely. - This does • not take well here, ' the
three-quarter bale with five bands selling best
on the San Francisco . market. -Quite a bit of
what Is being shipped trom the above-mention
ed outside districts is in this three-wire bale,
and at. least ?1 wr ton is lost as a result of
marketing the Hay in what is here considered
an undesirable package.
"In spite of the large amount of rain which
we had last month, conditions are now rapidly
changing owing to continuous hot weather. The
top of the ground. is becoming baked aftd we
must have more showers soon to Insure the
splendid crop which was promised a few weeks
ago. . ¦ •
"As to the immediate future of the market,
everything will depend on receipts. On Friday
next the Government will receive bids for about
*J5(X> tona of Hay, and It is expected that this
will have quite an effect on the market here, it
being generally believed that San Francisco
will receive the order."'
11RAN— $2lh&21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $*5@2« per ton.
KHOKTS— $2«VS2l per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $2» 50@.11;
¦Jobbing $32; Cocoanut Cake ¦ $22@'J3; Corn
Meal, $29 50fe"30 50; Cracked Corn, $3O@ ; 51 ;•
Mixed Feed. >$21©22; Horse Beans, $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 00c per ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $1401"; Wheat and Oat, $14®
10; Oat, $12@15; Barley, . $12@14; Stock, $11®
13; Alfalfa, $ll@13 per ton.
STRAW — 50@75c per bale. ¦ . '
Hay and Feedstuff s.
RAISINS— The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades, 50-lb cases—2
crown Loose Muscatels, 5\ic per lb;
3-crown, o%c; 4-crown, 6%c; Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4%c; Seedless floated, 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c; 3-crown ¦ Malaga loose, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, 4%c: Seedl»ss
Thompsons, unbleached, 5%c. Layers, per 20-1
lb box — 6-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, S2 50: 4-crown fancy clusters,
$2; 3-crown London Layers. $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers, $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 16-oz
cartons, per lb, 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package, 6%c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7%c;
choice m-oz cartons/, per lb, 7%c; choice 12-oz
cartons, per package, 6%c; choice bulk car
tons, »er lb. 7%c; l«-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per lb, 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 5%c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb. 6%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 13%@14c;
No. 2, 11%i912c; No. 1 hardshell, 13@13%c;
No. 2, 11©11%c; Almonds, ll%c for Nonpa
reils. liy.c for I X L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9y»c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for
Eastern: Pecans. ll@13c: Cocoanuts. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@ll%c for white and 8%
<S9%c for amber; water white extracted, 5«J
6 Vic; light amber extracted, 4%@4%c; dark.
¦3%@4c.
BEESWAX— 27@29c per lb.
FRUITS— Apricots, 8%@10%c for Royals and
9@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4V4@
Cc; sun-dried, 3<?4%c;. Peaches. 5%®7%c;
Pears, 8@ll%c; Nectarines, nominal; Figs,
white/. 3fd4c in boxei; black, 4V4c; Plums,
pitted, 5<a7%e per lb.'
PRUNES— 1003 crop. 2U@2%c for the four
sizes.
Dried Fru its } Nuts,Ra isins,Honqy.
Dullness continues to prevail on the local
exchanges and stocks are showing little varia
tion at. present. There are no new conditions
to .report In any line of securities.
The Bank of California has declared a regu
lar quarterly dividend of $4, payable April 15.
The Dupont International P6wder Company
has declared Its first quarterly dividend of l'/i
per cent on the preferred stock, payable
April 20.
The Central Eureka Mining Company has de
clared a dividend of 3c. amounting to $12,000.
payable April 14.
The OH City Petroleum Company has de
clared a dividend of %c, amounting to $2500,
payable May 2.
The Twenty-eight Oil Company has declared
a dividend of 10c, amounting to $C00O, payable
May 2.
The California-street Cable Railroad Com
pany paid a regular monthly dividend of 75c
yesterday.
The annual meeting "of the stockholder* of
the Contra Costa Water Company, called for
April 12, has been postponed to May 12.
The regular annual meeting of the stockhold
, ers of the United Railways Investment Com
pany of San Francisco has been called for
May 6. . ." • •
At the regular annual meeting of the stock
i holders of the California Fruit Canners* As
'< soclation the following directors were elected:
William Fries, S. L. Goldstein. R. I. Bentley.
M. J. Fontana. C. H. Bentley. Henry F. Al
len, ¦ Francis Cutting. F. Tlllmann Jr.. Percy
T. Morgan, W. L. Gerstle and W. C. B. da
Fremery.
Officers were elected as follows: William
Fries, president; S. L. Goldstein, vice presi
dent and treasurer; Henry F. Allen, second
vice president; Francis Cutting, third vice
president; Charles B. Carr, secretary: R. I.
Eentley, general manager; Mark J. Fontana.
general superintendent; T. B. Dawson. assist
ant general superintendent; <V* H. Bentley.
manager sales department; George McLean,
assistant secretary; C. F. Jackson, auditor;
Thomas, Gerstle & Frick, attorneys.
The annual report read by President \v illiam
Fries stated that dividends amounting to $208,
195 20 had been paid, and that an increase
had been made In surplus and reserve accounts
during the fiscal year. It was also pointed
out that the carry-over of canned goods and
materials was much less than usual, and that
the association entered the new year practi
cally free from Indebtedness. The policy of
the sales department and the adoption of ap
proved methods in offering and distributing
the products of the association were Important
factors in contributing to the general result,
and sales were about $1,000,000 In excess of
any previous year. It was stated that general
crop and market conditions were favorable dur
ing the past year. It was considered too early
to offer predictions for the coming season.
A regular monthly dividend of 60 centi per
share was declared, payable April 20.
The financial statement was as follows:
Assets — Real estate, plant, machinery, etc..
and shares In other companies, $2,517,131 18;
I accounts receivable* and Inventory. $1.0S2.
748 70; cash on hand. $14,674 10; total asset*.
I $3,614,553 08. Liabilities — Capital stock.
$2,891,600; accounts payable, $20,635 56; con
! tingent reserve . and depreciation fund. $300,
i Oil) 43: surplus. $402,301 90; total liablllti's,
$3,614,553 08.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY. April 13—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
¦Is qr coup..l07%108Vij Is qr cp new.l.Tl 133%
4s qr reg... 107% 108 '4 1 3s qr coup. ..106% 107%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 6S.119U —
Bay CPC 6s.lOO% — Do Gs 110% —
Cal C G 5s. — 104% Do con 5s. 101% —
Cal G & E g ' Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. 79 — Om Cable 6a. — 124%
Cal-st C 58.116%117Vi|Pac G Im 4«. — 95%
C C Wat 5s. — 10<H4IP E Ry 5s.lO4*;i05»
Ed L & P Co — 130 P & C H 6s.l04% —
F & C H 6s.ll4% — P & O R 68.116 —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st 6s. — —
H C&S 5%s.lOO — Sac EG*R5s. — 100
Do 5s 97 98 SF & SJV5s.ll6% —
Hon R T 6S.106U — Sierra R 6s.'110 —
L A Elec 5s." — 105 S P of A 6s
LA Ry 5s. Ill 112 (1909) .;... 107 —
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 107% —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6»
Do gtd"6s.lO2% — (1005)Sr A. 101% —
LAP lem 5%. 09 — (1006)Sr B.102% —
, Mkt-st C Cs. — 110K (190fi> — 10*
Do lem 5s.ll3% — (1912) — 115?;
MV& MT5s.lO4 — • |SPC 1 eg 5s. — 110%
, NRR of C6s.lO7% — Do stmpd.,109% —
Do 5s ....116%117 S P B R.es.131 132%
N P C R 5».1O5 — S V Wat 6».104%105
N Cal R 6s.l0» — Do 4s 2dm. 100 • —
N C P C 5s. 99 102 Do 4s 3dm. 99% —
N S R R 5s. — 100 Stkn G&ECa. — 9S
: O G L*H 5».1O6 — . U G & E 5s. — 105
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Coota 35% 40 [Port Costa... — * -— • .
Marin Co... — C2%|S V Wat Co. 30% 40
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A* P. 3U — |S F G & E. 60% «J
Mutual E L.'9"5i lOVilStkn O & E. 5 .—
Pac L Co.. — 57 |U G & Co. — 33
' TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
8 F G & E. 59% 60l»!"
INSURANCE.
FlrenV* Fnd.SOO 340 | "'
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — <122%|L P * A.. ..132% —
Anglo-Cal :. . 85 87 Her Tnm — 220
Bank of Cal.420 — Merch Ex.t. . — —
Cal Safe Dp.145 150 S F Nation!. — 155
First Natlonl — . —
SAVINGS BANKS..
Ger S & L. 2260 2350 Sav & L So. — ' 100
Hum S & L. — — Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.. — 155
S F Sav U.«25 — .' - -, ; /
' STREET ' RAILROADS.
California ..— 200 (Presidio .....— 41
POWDER.
Giant 60% 61 IVlgorit .....— S
Hsna P Co. — 25c IKIlauea S C. 4 5
Hawaiian C. 48 49% ilakawell C. 21 21 »i
Honokaa S C 12V4' 12%|Onomea S C. — 27%
Hutch S P C 9% 9%|Paauhau S C. 13% 14*4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P a! — H5 jOceanlc S Co. 4% 4%
Cal F C A.100%lC2%iPac Aux FA. 5% —
Cal Wine A.' 91% 92%'Pac C Borx.170 — ">
MV* MtTm.100 — I
- ' ' . Morning Session.
. Board-— TTMSjBt
100 Central Light Sc Power 3 25
25 Oceanic S S Co 4 12%
.!.-. S F Gas & Electric 60 50
35 S FGas A Electric ....... 60 62%
15 Spring, Valley Water Co 39 50
$2,000 Spring Val 4s <2d mtge) 100 25
Street —
' 35 Spring Valley Water Co 3D 50
Afternoon Session.
•¦.^¦r .. Board—:".,
•10 Giant Powder Con 61 ©0
200 Mutual Electric Light 10« 00
'¦ 50 S F Gas A Electric... .*.. 60 75
. -30 Spring Valley Water Co 39 75
1 $10,000 Market-it Ry 1st con 5s 113 75
: Street — '^nPNMMBSSfi
5 Hawaiian ComI & Sugar...... 48 73
xUniisted Securities:
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. '
HHHnH£ Bid. Ask. Bir| - Alk *
Bay CPC 6s. 10O — PF & NP5s..lll»4 —
B L Wat 6«. 117% S P.C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s;.108%110% HP Co 4%«.100 —
M C Wat 6«.100 — Sun Tel 6s.. .113 —
RIs I WksSs. ¦— 107% Suttr-st R5s.lO5 :113
SF Drdk , 5s. '— • 113% UR of. SF 4«. 77 77%
•-j' - •: MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS. i-'< -U"-
Ala*S.Co^:..24 , 29 (Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cof Mils 86 — Nev Nat Bk. — " 190-
Cal G&E Cor — ,37% N S R R Co. 9« — i
CJockey C1.105 — • N Cal P Co. —^11%
CaJ Powder. 125 .140 Oak Bk Sav.112% — =¦ .
Calfihlp Co: 15 30. Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T T* T- 135 IOOF.Hall A .6 —
Cen Bk Oak 63% — Orpheunt-Co. 12% 16%
Chutes Co.. 6% — Pac S Tel. t 101 —
City 1 C Bk— 'vH2 Paraf Paint.. 38 —
Eaat Dynm..l50 - 250 • S . F «• Drydock 60 - : —
D^ntPwd Pfd - 90 8F&SJ Coal. 22% -
Do- com .. 40 .— SJ Wat Co. — 10«
FN Bk/Oak.120 -- SO & MTjrbUZS ;¦¦— '
Business Still Inactive, With Nar
¦ roiv Fluctuations.
FLOUR— California I Family Extras, $1 80fji
5 10, usual.. terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70@5:
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl. "
M1LLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal, $3 25; Rice Flour,
$'i; Corn Meal, $3 50; extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy, $404 25; Buck
wheat Flour $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. .$+:
Farina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls. $7 25@8 tiO; in sacks, $« 75©
8 10; Ptarl Barley, $0; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuifs^
STOCK MARKET.
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 2,712|
Flour qr sks.. 6,267! Potatoes, sks .. 1,629
Wheat, ctls l,155|Onlons. sks ... 58
Barley, ctls 5.067|Broomcorn. bdls. 119
Corn. East, ctl. 66*fWlne. gals 71.45O
Rye. ctls 952) Lime bbls 5
Brans, sks 245|Paper. reams ... 635
Bran sks ' SSISugar. ctls 500
Middlings eks.. 10 Quicksilver, flks. 45
Hides No 554 Wool bales . . . 551
Pelts. No 461 Chicory, bbls .. IS
Tallow ctla ... 272 Hay. tons ...... 46f>
Leather, rolls .. 133|Straw. tons .... 1«
FOR WEDNESDAY. APRIL 13.
Receipts of Produce.
Wall-street Stocks firmer. Cotton lozecr.-
Silver advances $-$c. Exchange rates unchanged.
Continued dullness in local Securities.
Prospects for the American IFheat crop impaired.
Lively times in the local Barley market yesterday.
Japan takes 60.000 sacks of Barley. and wants more.
Oats, Corn and Rye zccll held, but quiet.
Southern Beau market firm under dry vceather.
Bran, Middlings and Shorts in light supply firm.
Hay unsettled, ivith prices somewhat easier.
Potatoes closely held by a fezv dealers. Onions steady.
Asparagus and other Summer Vegetables coming in freely.
Poultry in larger receipt, but selling oft well.
Game in better condition and rather higher.
Oranges active on local and shipping account.
Lemons and- Limes firm and zvell cleaned up.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. F.ggs getting unsettled.
Provisions still dull and featureless.
Mutton and Lamb continue to decline.
boxes, 50c more: 50-lb bats, 10c more for all
kln^s. Tablets— Half barrels, 5.90c: boxes.
6.15c; H. it E. Crystal Domlnos, 8.40c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or its equivalent.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
• Receipts of Longworth Strawberries from
Palo Alto were a little in excess of three chests.
Three chests of a larger variety were received
from Watsonville and 76 crates came In from
Los Argeles. The = Longworths were readily
disposed of at $1^1 25 per drawer, , th* Wat
sonville btrries cleaned up at 65@75c per draw
•er and the Los Angeles stock brought 10<@15c
per basket. • •¦-. ¦.;¦ -•>•*-••-
Receipts of Oranges were 14' cars. 12 of which
came in to the auction - company. Trade was
quite active both for . local use. and • shipping
account and, - despite • the- Increased receipts,
prices of cood fruit were well maintained In
the open market. A large portion of the re
ceipts cf standard Navels were of poor quality
and sold at lower prices. In the auction rooms
prices were lower as a result of the heavy
j offerings and the fact that a considerable por
tion of the fruit showed evidences of decay.
Twelve cars' were sold as follows : Extra fancy,
: $1 50^1 S)0; ordinary fancy, $1@1 «30: choice,
i 75c@$l «0: standard. 50c©$l 1«. The . other
Citrus fruits, particularly Lemons, were firm
and stocks 'were closely cleaned up. ¦ Apples
and Bananas wers unchanged.
APPLES— $2®2 25 per box for extra fancy.
$1 50@l 75 for ordinary fancy. 90c@$l 25 for
choice and 50®75c for common. :
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. *1 50®
2 for fancy, $1 25® 1 65 for choice and 50c©* I
for standard; .- Tangerines, • nominal; Lemons,
$2 5CK&3 for fancy, $1 50® 1 75 for choice and
$1@1 25 for standard: Grape Fruit, |1®2; Mex
ican Limes, $15005 per case; Bananas, $102
per bunch for-Hawcllan and $1 50@2 25 for
Central American; Pineapples, $2®3 per doten.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
CHICAGO. April 13. — Pessimistic reports on
the condition of the winter crop caused- sharp
advances in wheat to-day. Compared with
yesterday's close, final figures to-day. showed a
net gain or l%c for the July delivery. Corn is
up %k. Oats are v %@%c higher. Provisions
closed 10<&15c up.- . : •• ¦
Extremely light receipts here and in the
Northwest caused a firm tone in wheat at the
opening, the July option being a shade to
Vi?«%c higher, at 85%<g85%c. There was -an
Active demand from the start, covering; by
shorts being a noticeable . feature during the
first hour of trading. • Numerous crop damage
reports from all sections of the country were
received. Indiana particularly, sending , in -a.
great many messages regarding- ruined wheat
fields. The Southwest also, continued to keep
the ' trade Informed of the poor prospects in
that quarter. As the session advanced, re
ports from the Northwest became equally bull
ish An urgent Investment demand developed. !
The long interests had apparently been quite
thoroughly cleaned up on recent declines.
Furthermore the domestic news was of such,
a bullish tenor that comparative^* little wheat
was for sale except on decided advances. Both
the Northwest and Southwest were good
buyers here, contributing materially to the
strength of the situation. All outside markets
wer» strong, and this also helped in the ad
vance A feature In trading was an increased
Interest In the September delivery, that option
leading all others in strength. After July had
touched 87%c. prices made some recession on
profit-taking, but the market held strong. July
closing at KP/4«i!>7ftc.. May sold between
92%c andi)4c and closed at 03%c.
Strength in wheat was the main influence In
the com irarkct. The close was near the high
point, with July at 00>ic and May at 5.1c. .
Oats were affected by the strength in wheat
and corn, Jirty closing at 37%c. •_ ¦
Provisions were strong, in sympathy with
grain.% and on lighter receipts of hogs, with
higher prices at the yards. July pork closed
15c up; lard was 10@12»4c higher, and ribs
closed 10c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles Open. High. Low. Close.
MaT 1^..* 0 .".. 2 "'^ »* ™* ¦¦-«*
July old 87 & S8T6 SO",* 88 %
Julyl new .... 857* S7% 85% 87%
September, old.. 81% S3 ft SUi ' S3*
September; new. 80% 82% - 80 Vi 82*.
Corn, No. 2 — '¦*?'¦''„; •',. . ' r ... r .>
May 51% 5.1. 51% .53
July... U>% 5<'% , «% 30^
September VJk - •»«% **K ™%
Oats, No. 2 — . _
Mav 37 :« 36% 37%
Jury Ws 37% •..*«!% 37%
September .".1*; 32Vi 31%" 32ft
MaT" .^^'..^2^-12 40 . 12 25 12 32*
July ! 12 37% 12 52% 12 37% 12 50
Lard per 100 lbs —
May ..'... « P2% « 62%. 6 52% 6 62%
Jul y « 70 0 80 6 70 6 80*
Short ribs; per 100 lbs—
May ....0 37% B 45 C 37% 6 45
July 6 52% 6 00 « 52% 6 t>0
Future Grain and Provisions.,
| Chicago Board of Trade. |
foundry • Northern," * f 14 75@15 25;", -'No.'.-. 1
foundry 'Southern and No. 1 foundry Southern
soft, $14 2.-.@14 75. '.•:•
BUTTER— Creamery at. first hands, 183 We
for extras and 17@17%c for firsts; dairy. 15®
17%c; T store Butter.. 13}4©14%a; cold storage,
nominal. : ¦--. ' - - ¦'¦ ' *•«
CHEESE — 8@9c f or ; : rood to ! choree - new
and 7®7%c fcr lower grades; Young Americas,
9>£@l6c; Eastern,; 15@16c; Western. 14@15c
per lb.' . ' '
« EGGS-^Ranch. , 18910c for; fair to' choice;
store, 16(317^0 per dozen.
2 p, m. Session. " . .:
May— $1 11%.
December— No sales; $1 00*1 bid.
OATS— Dealers. continue to quote a dull and
featureless market, with holders still ; Insisting
on full figures." ¦
White $1 27%@1 37%: Black," $1 25@1 30:
Red. $l'25@l 35; Gray. $1 32%®1 37»£ per ctl.
CORN — The imports from the West continue
and are about all the market has to depend
upon at present, ¦• as there is very little . State
grain comine in.- The .feeling is very steady,
but trade is quiet. ' - lj .v
Western sacked. $1 35® 1 40 for Yellow,
$1 32%i&1 40 for White and $1 3O@1'35 for
Mixed; California large yellow, $1 35@1 42%;
small round do, $1 50®l 55; White, $1 40@l 45
per ctl; Egyptian. $1 40@l 50 for white and
$1 27%@1 30 for brown.
RYE— $130^1 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctl.
.. Open. High. Low..>Close.
May>;.T';;!r.fl on}* 'M2 $109-4 $i;ii%
December ... 1 00Vi r.OlJS l °°V4 1 °1
: Feed. $1 ll}i<SM3«i; Shipping and Brewing,
|1 17i4@r20; Chevalier.-. $1<15@1 20 for- fair
to Choice. , .. ¦•'•, ";'¦ :
?.-; . FUTURES.
Session 8 to 11:30 a. m.
$lrl2, with. December rising from $1 to $1 01%.
On '¦•¦ the tables \ there/ were -'.sales of Feed.' at
$1 13»i and the market was very . stiff at the
advance. .-. This large • sale and the' consequent
scramble of the May shorts to cover their con
tracts have put May up to about the : cash
basis; « ' It is further • understood that Yates &
Wright have beetf offered a very fair price for
all. their country holdings. The situation is
very bullish. : ' v : --.'.*••¦"'
I There was less ¦ excitement In the ! afternoon
and -May stood at $1 11 Vi and December at
fl 00% bid. > v ,..-• •
.' , » ¦ CASH BARLEY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, THURSDAY,: APRIL 14,; ;19O4.
Continued ' on ' Page ; Fourteen.
Hpcllrr also wn» unchanged at £22 fig' In
London and at 6.2505.30c in .ne local market.
Iron dosed at 82s In GIhhsow and at 45s 3d
In Middlesboro. -Locally.^ Iron was- unchanged.
v« i <,, m ,Hrv Vnnhcrn. $15 25015 75: No. 2
Copper wan lower In London, spot there de
clining 13c t.) £.'>7 l.V and ¦ futures 17b 6d to
£57 1O«. Locally copper , was unchanged
lake. 13.25@i:j.60c: electrolytic, 13.12i4eiJ 23c :
canting, 12.87%©13.12"4c ;. ;• . _ • '.
Lead was ! unchanged at ' 4.60®>4.65c in • New
York and £12 17s 6d in London. -.-• > -i. ,-:. . -v-;
NEW YORK, April '13. — Tin was unchanged*
at £127 for both spot' and futures In London'
The local maiket m quiet and unchanged also'
Cloning at $27 87«4«r28 12%. . '
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
15
ADCTION SALES
<tMmmr* stock breeders, attention.
•ttfipB Mr. Sam J. Maddox's registered
• fl. ** shorthorn cattle have arrived la
Sacramento. Will be sold at auction on State
Fair Grounds at 11 a. m., . Friday. April 15.
1904. FRED H. CHASE & CO.. Livestock
Auctioneers. - ' : ¦¦'.". Have you seen the j new .: observatory ? Will
tell you, about It "Saturday.; ... *'
' " PARTS. April-, 13: — The ' imports - of.' France
for the past ¦ three months : show i a decrease > of
$5,004,800 'While -the exports have : increased
$5,272,S00. ; . _ ' V ".- • .
CASEY EXONERATED.;— Coroner Leland
held an inquest yesterday on the'body of-.Will
iam McNome». . who was shot , and killed ' last
Saturday near.' Bernal Heights -by - - William
Casey. -" a ' saloon-keeper. "A -'. verdict was ; re
turned ' that i Casey had fired the shots In ¦ self
defense. Casey was released by the police last
Monday.
Lieutenant C. M. Stone, U. S. N.,
gave -an J informal talk on ' naval ord
nance in' the rooms of .the Chamber, of
Commerce last night under the auspices
of . ¦ the ; ' San Francisco T section of
Navy-League. The, meeting was pre
sided, over : by Edward -Mills Adams,
chairman , of .the - section. . The subject
was one both instructive, and.interest
ing. Among the audience were a num
ber of ladies who were present' for' the
first time at one of: these meetings. A
delegation of . the San. Rafael;', section
was also in attendance.. The; next meet
ing will take place on June 9. • .
Speaks Before Navy League.
Log Cabin! "The" bread ? with a flavor." - A«k
your dealer— wholesale— 000 Dolores st. •
INSOLVENT BLACKSMITH.— John Briscoe,
a blacksmith residing at Sacramento, filed a
petition in Insolvency. yesterday; In the United
States District Court. s He owes $581 and has
no assets. -- / .""!M«£&5!irXS«9MSu3C£KdMBflflnMtSB
Actors and singers must* prevent aore throats.
They, have used Plso's Cure;40 years.' •
M AHER SETTLES WITH . GOSLING.— The
suit . of - Walter : Gosling, against , Thomas F
Maher has been settled out . of court. It was
an action for $10,000 damage*,' Gosling alleging
that by tha carelessness, of one of Maher' s
employes he was knocked 'down and tun over
on East etreet.last year.
Murine Eye Remedy cures ; Sore Eyes.
Makes weak Eyes strong.' Murine doesn't
smart, it soothes. . •
The . California' presbytery of the
Cumberland Presbyterian church held
its annual meeting last night at the
Chinese Mission, 1106 Stockton street.
The proceedings opened -with an-in
teresting sermon by the Rev. Gam
Sing Quah, who chose for his subject
"The New Birth."
Later the Rev. J. N. Crawford of
San Jose was elected moderator and
the mission church was received into
the care of the presbytery by unan
imous vote. It will be known *as- the
Chinese First Presbyterian Church. •>
The Rev. W. A. McDowell was re
ceived by the presbytery on a letter
from NewtLebanon, Mo., and he ; will
have charge of. the Cumberland Pres
byterian Church, Middletown, Cal. ' •
Officials of Cumberland . Presby^
terian Church.
Interesting Ceremony Performed by
Property owners on Arlington street
petitioned the Board of Supervisors
yesterday to extend the sewer on Ar
lington street and provide an outlet
for it in Islais Creek. During the win
ter the side sewers overflow and In the
warm weather the . water becomes
stagnant and causes sickness, the pe
tition says.
Want Sewer Extended.
The trial of the suit of Thomas J.
O'Hara of Vallejo, as administrator
of the estate of his aunt. Mrs. Mary
Lynch, against Kate Lynch to recover
a piece of realty on Stciner street was
commenced in Judge Seawell's court
yesterday. It will be resumed again
this morning. O'Hara wants possession
of the property, but the defendant re
fuses to give it -up. claiming that she
bought it from Mrs. Lynch.
Lynch Estate in Court.
ADMIT CHINESF. CHURCH
INTO THE PRESBYTERY
Hills Bros.' Arabian Roast comes In a
sealed carton, not a paper bag. *
Judge Lawlor and some of the jurors
of the Martini case visited Barbary
Coast yesterday for information. The
Judge's club is no stranger to the use
of a gas range as sold by the San Fran
cisco Gas and Electric Co., 415 Post. •
By the filing of a snit for an account
ing" yesterday by Walter M. Pierce
against the Old River Land and Recla
mation Company, the Stockton Savings
Bank, the Union Trust Company and
the Victoria Island Company, the title
to Victoria Island, in the San Joaquin
River, is still further clouded. The
new action is the result of a recent
decision rendered by the Superior Court
of San Joaquin County and is brought
for the purpose of determining the in
terests of the defendants in the island.
Reopens Victoria Island Fight.
Landseer"* celebrated painting, * "The
Lion," free to customers; to others.' 10c;
by mail, 15c. Chas. Lyons, 721 Market
St., and 122 Kearny. • •?-?.
At a meeting of the board of man
r.gers of the Sons of the Revolution
last evening it was decided that a la
dies' dinner will be given at the Oc
cidental Hotel April 19. The Daugh
ters of the Revolution nave fc/y request
promised to provide two speakers
from their organization. The pro
gramme will be as. follows: Address by
Hon. John P. Irish, "The Day We
Celebrate"; poem read by Mrs. Jennie
M. Long. "The Flag'* Advance"; Mrs.
Henry Wetherbee will discourse upon
"The Mothers of the Revolution";
Mrs. Curran Clark's subject will be
"Leap Year During the Revolution";
L. Jenks will read "Recollections of
the Last Survivor."
AVH1 Give Dinner to the Ladies.
Mrs. Emma Reise of 1147 Point Lo
bos avenue committed suicide at her
residence yesterday afternoon while
laboring under J an attack of melan
cholia. During the temporary absence
of her nurse she turned on the gas
in a small room off the hair and was
dead when found.
Mrs. Reise had been an inmate of a
sanitarium at Llvermore for six
months, suffering from a nervous af
fection, and left there about a month
ago. Mrs. Catherine Dorn of 1201
Gough street was engaged as a nurse.
She told a deputy coroner that she
saw Mrs^ Reise lying asleep on • a
couch in a room and that shortly
thereafter Mrs. Reise disappeared.
Mrs. Dorn made a hurried search and
detected the odor of illuminating gas
proceeding from a small room off' the
hall. The door was forced open, but
too late. Mrs. Reise was a native of
Germany, .4 3 J years ; of age.
Herself In a Room, and Turns
on the Gns.
Evades Vigilance of Her Nurse, Locks
MRS. EMMA REISE TAKES
HER LIFE WHILE INSANE
The students of the St. Ignatius Col
lege entertained a large audience in
the college hall with a production of
the operetta "Old Glory, or the Boys
of '76," a minstrel show and several
vocal numbers. ... /, .
The performance was' opened by a
prologue by little Albert Therion,
whose curtain-raiser was one of the
hits of the evening.' <
The remainder of the' programme
was as follows:
"Old Glory, or- the Boys of "70": Cast-
General Putnam of the Continental ¦ Guard,
Harry L. Fra?e,r; "Major Slocum of the Con
tinental Guard. Noel R. Sullivan; Peter, the
Bypsy. Arnold F. Grazer; Major Snlffln of His
Majesty's Guards, , Albert I.' Whelan; Hans
Schneider, Hessian soldier. Francis P. Buckley;
Tom Paysbn. Continental Guard, Louis . J.
Lazar. More prominent among the - Boys tif
'"(1 — Joe Mason,' Raymond I. Butler; Jack
Rambler, Clarence C. Austin; Nat Hale, Vin
cent B. Vaughanf Hiram John J. f
Casey; Silas Story, ' William D. Nicholas
Brothers— Happy. Edward L. Kearney; Mont
morency. Francis F. Deasy; Gus, Augustine
Donovan. Aot I — Forest scene; meeting of the
Boys of '76; troubles of • Hans; bravery of
Peter; the capture. Serenade (Collese quartet)
— Charles E. Foley, first tenor; Antony J.
Smith.' second tenor; -John IJ. Whelan first
bass;- Arthur V. Coghlan. second " ba«8. Inter
mezzo. "Slzllletta" (F. von, Blon). College or
chestra. Act II — Forest" scene;- the brother*'
determine not' to Join* the army;' the prisoners
are delivered to General Putnam. Arthur- V.
Coghlan, pianist; two-step. "Ramona" (Lee
Johnson). College orchestra, '
Minstrels — Victor V - .White. • Interlocutor;
bones— Eugene D. .Sullivan. Edward J. Whe
lan; tambos— Thomas A. McCormlck, >Leo J.
Flanagan; opening .. chorug. .adapted from
"Robin Hood'.' ; "Let All Obey." Arthur V.
Cojfhlan; "Kentucky .Babe,". - College quartet:
"Every Morn I Bring Her Chicken." Edward
J. Whelan;,. "Little Black Me.'.' Joseph ¦ E.
Foley; ."Negro . Medley." College quartet;
Come Back. Dinah,". Antony J. Smith; "You
Got to Sing, Ragtime," Eugene D. Sullivan;
"You're Always , Behind. Like an Old Cow'g
Tail," Thomas A. McCormlck; ."The Four Leaf
Clover.!' Charles E/ Foley; VAny Rags?": John
L. Whelan: "Until the Dawn,". College quar
tet; closing chorus." "'My Own United States";
march. "Flambeaux" ;¦ "Scotson Clark,"
lege orchestra. •¦
Boys of the St. Ignatius College Give
Clever Performance /and Are
Heartily Applauded.
PLAYING. OF "OLD GLORY" ¦ .
* ENTERTAINS BIG AUDIENCE
The trustees of Emanuel Evangeli
cal Church are G. F. Ochs, A. Berg,
W. Garnicher. H. Hauser and H. H.
Zwickr-
Song; invocation. Rev. F. W. Fischer; sons
by the choir: readins of Scripture. Rev. W. H.
Althouse; remark*. O. F. Ochs, president ol
the board of directors; solo, Mrs. M. Compton;
addresses by F. W. Krone, Frank McGowan
(r.ttorney at law) and Rev. \V. H. Althouse;
male quartet; addresses by Mrs. G. F. Ochs
(representative of the Ladies' Aid Society), H.
Ampler <prestdent Young People's Alliance)
and W. Kohler (Sunday school superintendent):
remarks. F. VI'.. Fischer, pastor: burning of
mortsase; remarks. W. A. Granlcher, church
treasurer; doxolocy; benediction.
There were religious exercises and
vocal and instrumental music and ad
dresses of thankfulness for the oppor
tunity the Rev. F. W. Fischer, the
pastor, and the trustees had been
given to wipe out an obligation that
rested on the sacred edifice. The mort
gage was burned in sight of the con
gregation -with rejoicing. Following
was the programme of the exercises:
The liquidation of- the debt on the
Emanuel Evangelical Church, Twelfth
Ftreet, between Market and Mission,
was observed last night with fine cere
mony and enthusiasm.
Congregation Rejoices Over Liquida
tion of Debt Resting On Emanuel
Evangelical Church.
Many new and original songs will
be sung for the first time by the su
perb chorus, which is said to be one of
the finest on the road. This will be
the last time that the entire company
will play under one roof, for next pea
son George M. Cohan and Josephine
Cohan are to head their »Vn com
panies in tours through the country.
The comedy was written by Mr. Cohan
and he nan taken pains to assign to
each member of the company a role
that will befit him or her.
The four Cohans and their entire
company of seventy-two people will
appear at the Columbia Theater on
Monday, night with the big musical
success. "Running for Office." The
production has gained fame in all the
large Eastern cities and during its
week in this city tt bids fair to be
come quite the proper thing.
Elaborate Production of "Running
for Office" Will Open at Colombia
on Monday Night.
FOITC COHANS ARE COMING
WITH BIG MUSICAL COMEDY
MORTGAGE ON CHURCH
" -T IS BURNT WITH JOY
Bessie ' Tannehill, Caro Roma and
Dora de Filippe — there are sixteen ways
of spelling that " wrong, Where's the
programme!— are, respectively, the
Countess. Palmatica and her daughters
Laura and • Bronislava. They are very
funny as the shabby genteel . family,
with their' jewels' and one "mouchoir"
between them. There is, when one
comes to -think of it— the -"mouchoir".
reminds 1 — a serious objection to labeling
"The; Beggar Student" with DeKo
ven's or any other of the modern
names. Jt is* too funny. To return,
the Roma and Tannehill both bring a
lively sense of humor to the exposition
of their roles, and the music is. effec
tively exploited. Milloecker does not
excuse ¦ his "character" ¦ woman from
singing duty, and the. Laui'a is almost
as exacting as a Lucia., It is a little
over-lyrical for the Roma voice.
Miss de Filippe is the enfant terrible,
Bronislava; and is almost too ; much
"enfant." She is a sprightly little soul,
a dainty little figure in her Polish furs
and sinsrs- charmingly, and when she
has gained something »pf repose will
be even more effective than she now is.
She has \ her audience already, ; though.'
. Ferris Hartman is the general In . his
usual funny wise,' with some good and
medium gags and a rather 111-fltting
martial chest. Webb is comical as the
jailer, and Algernon Aspland, William
Schuster, Fogarty, Formes, Perron,
Miss King and' Miss Deglow are reck
lessly'flung over .the rest of the cast.
The 1 chorus should- be. mentioned. It
got several hands for itself alone.* -
Altogether,- you will . distinctly • miss
it If you do not hear "The v Beggar. Stu
dent." . . BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Russo's mercurial genius is-expended
on the part of Symon, the beggar stu
dent, who -to. free himself from prison
consents to impersonate a prince. His
other duties . are to , woo and \ wed a
haughty countess, who , has rejected - the
general who bribes Symon. ' Russo glit
ters in ¦ the part. His tenor spreads
like cream over the . songs - and he
brings . a buoyancy, an earnestness, a
frolicsome • lightness > to the role that
give . one quite Its best. His partner
in sin, Mr. Brownlow, who is Jan, who
apes the . prince's se5retary. is almost
equally well suited. In particularly
good form ig Mr. Brownlow's barytone,
that is especially enjoyable in the
pretty duet with Bronislava in the sec
ond act. . . . •
The conditions would have dampened
anything but , a Tivoli cast In a Mil
loecker opera. But the combination is
impregnable. The singers and Ferris
Hartman sparkled, lilted and laughed
through a performance that is one of
the best in their record. If you want
fun,:. plenty of It, a good story and
some rattling, good singing, go to see it
for yourself. ,
Piece and production alike are ex
cellent. It takes singing does "The
Beggar Student," and they sing it at
the Tivoli— Russo, Roma, De Filippe,
Brownlow, Cunningham — and what a
pleasant, unforced note Bessie Tanne
hill's is! They act it well, too, and
the opera is staged and costumed
charmingly.
Tack on the De Koven label and
advertise "The Beggar Student" as the
latest New York success, and the Tivoli
would be crowded this week. It would
be more crowded next, as every auditor
would become its press agent. Unfor
tunately the crowd seems to be any
where else this week. Even the enthu
siast . could hardly, dub the house a
"fair" one last night. There were rows
on rows of empty seats echoing to
Roma's mellow note and Russo's love
ly lingo.
TIV0LI BEATS
GOOD RECORDS
IN NEW PLAY
F. Dillon. Charles F. McKenzle, Ernest F."
Fancompre. Gustavus S. Smith. Robert H.
Chapman. William Power, Nathan Olir.sky and
Charles A.' Lane.
It is planned. to enforce the rule when j
applications are first made for taking >
teachers' - examinations, one of which '
will be held*- in /June, j Heretofore ap- I
plications have came from teachers in i
remote . places ; in ..the State. Some of
the successful ones have been elected
by formal resolution, but a number of;
them would ask for an extension of
time before assuming the positions, and
this caused much inconvenience ta.the
Scnool Board.: The new rule would ;
o"bvir.te the inconvenience, as selections .
would in future be made from bona fide
residents of this city.
The rules governing the Oakland and
Alameda schools provide that teachers
employed there must be actual resi- !
dents. The rules go even further and •
impose- fees on, all non-resident pupils
who attend the schools. The fee for
the primary schools is $10 per term;
for grammar schools, $15 per term, and
for high schools, $20 per term. The
local board does notintend at present
to adopt a rule, militating against non
resident, pupils, although President-
Roncovieri expressed an opinion that
it is a good rule. There are few.non- i
resident ..pupils attending schools of
this city.' ¦ . • /
' The, Board! of Education's intention J
to incorporate in the revised rules one
prohibiting teachers^ in 'the local school
department' from residing in outside
towns caused -consternation among the
forty teachers who do not reside in I
this city and who Would be affected
by the new regulation.
The telephone lines leading into the
office of the -Board of Education were
kept busy . yesterday by the teachers
who desired to know, whether the board
would riot • recede from its position.
They were j informed that the board is
of the opinion that the rule is a good j
one and would be incorporated in the |
regulations, but 'that a proviso might i
be inserted- exempting the teachers at
present in the department who live in
suburban towns from its provisions.
March 7 he again phoned and we went over
to gee him. He asked how much was coming
to him, and on learning the amount said
that he would first consult his attorneys. We
told "him that it was immaterial to us whether
he accepted the money. We did not believe
that Soeder was entitled to any money from
the policies he took out on Blaise's life, so
thought H best to return the amounts paid.
We felt that in view of the fact that Soeder
lied as to his business and his brother-in
law's occupation, as well as in other particu
lars during the making out of the applica
tions, that we were safe as far as being held
for the payment of the policies was con
cerned. Soeder also changed or caused to bo
changed the name of Blaise's wife on one
of the policies and had his own name inserted
In Us place. This was done without the
knowledge of the home office at the time.. .-
On the morning of April fi we again heard
from Soeder. We went to the Jail and paid
him the $107 60 and he signed over the poli T
cles to us. The policies are still in the keep
ing of the Dollee and I do not know whether
we can now be held liable for them— that Js
a legal question to be decided by the courts.
Included In the $107 »iO was $5 which was
paid on the premium of the policy fhken out
on Bender's life. That policy is now void.
Soeder failed to make the last payment when
it was due; so we are no longer responsible
to him lor any policy on his life.
Of course we know that Blaise paid some
of the money on one of the policies himself,
but have good cause to believe. In the light
of th« police findings, that the money was
riven to him by Soeder.
POLICE ACCUMULATE EVIDENCE
' The police are elated at the accu
mulation of evidence against Soeder
and are confident that they will T con
vict him when the case comes up for
trial April 18. They argue that his
acceptance of the money from the in
surance pe6ple is as good as an admis
sion that the life insurance policies
were obtained illegally and *by mis
representation.
Attorney Salomon. Soeder s attor
ney, denied any knowledge of Soeder's
acceptance of the premium money
from the Mutual Life Company. De
tective Gibson believes that Soeder
realized that he would be convicted
and "double crossed" his lawyer by
getting hold of the $107 60.
The police have a valuable piece of
evidence in the Blaise murder case,
which, they claim, is a practical ad
mission on the part of Soeder that he
is gruilty of the murder of his brother
in-law, Joseph Blaise. Detective
Gibson has been informed by the of
ficials of the Pacific Mutual Life In
surance Company that Soeder had ac-.
cepted from them every cent of money
that he or Blaise paid on the policies
issued in their company. The deal
which the insurance people have been
trying to put through with the ac
cused rmurderer was consummated on
April 6.
Shortly after Soeder was charged
with murder the insurance people in
whose company the prisoner held
policies attempted to get him to take
back the money that he had paid
them. Soeder. then confident of his
ultimate acauittal, scorned the offer.
Soon afUr the close of the prelimin
ary hearing, at which the police piled
up sufficient evidence to have Soeder
bound over to the Superior Court for
trial before a Jury, the accused man
began overtures to regain the money
once refused.
Attorney Roscoe S. Gray of the law
firm of Fox & Gray, attorneys for
the Mutual Life, stated yesterday
that Soeder had been 'paid $107 60,
every cent that he paid the company.
He said: "On March 3 Soeder phoned
from Jthe Broadway Jail for some
member of the company to come and
see him. We sent a representative to
him with the money. Soeder wanted
to knowif the previous offer that we
had made him still held good. He
was informed that it did. Then he
told the representative of the company
that he would think it over."
SIGNS OVER THE POLICIES.
* Suits for divorce- were filed by Jo
seph P. Ryan against May "Ryan for
desertion. . Alice M. Hillman against
Frank Hillman i for infidelity, Mary, A.
Riggle against John Riggle for neglect
and Edith Rogfers Sutphen against C.
E. Sutphen for desertion.
Louise It. Hoeninghaus, the wife of
Sidney B. Hoenlnphaus, the son of a
wealthy New York merchant, secured
a divorce in Judge Kerrigan's court
yesterday. The decree was granted on
the ground of conviction of a felony.
Young Hoeningnaus is an inmate of
an Oregon prison, serving a term for
forgery.
Divorces were also granted' to Annie
Jeffries from Harry Jeffries for in
temperance, John Edmundson from
Elizabeth ' Edmundson for desertion
and C. W. Wallace from Edith Wallace
for desertion. _• >* . ¦
HUSBAND IN .7 AID.
Clarke was followed by Charles Ma
loon and D. J. Denahy, watchmen on
duty at the Oakland City Hall the
night of the marriage. They both tes
tified that Clarke was verv, drunk the
night he came there with a woman and
a friend to get a license, and. acted as
if he imagined the proceeding was a
Joke. The next witness was C. H.
Shaw, the hackman who took Clarke
and the woman, from the Webber
House in Oakland to the City Hall,
and from there to the home of Wil
liam Van de Mark, the minister who
performed the ceremony. He said that
Clarke was so drfink that Miss Bower
and her companion had to walk on
each side of him and help him along.
The trial closed with the testimony of
Captain C. G. Lyman and Clarke's
brother-in-law and A. J. Rich. They
testified that they started a still, hunt
for Clarke when they heard of his
marriage an.d found him at the Lick
House, considerably undeF the influ
ence of liquor and very sick. They
took him from the hostelry to Dr.
Terrill and placed him under treat
ment.
.WATCHMEN TESTIFY.
The "Sweet Pea Girl" is once more a
spinster. Judge Seawell found yester
day that: Edward K. Clarke, the cap
italist, was drunk and incapable of
knowing what he was doing when,
after a prolonged debauch, 1 he went to
Oakland and. made her his wife. The
Judge accordingly granted Clarke's pe
tition for a decree annulling thermar
riage. ; Mrs. Clarke, or as she is to
be known, Rosalind Bower, did not ap
pear to contest the suit, which gave
rise to the rumor that some of the
capitalist's money had found its way
to the purse of the young lady, and
caused her to reconsider her intention
to fight Clarke's suit. A settlement
of some sort was , made, but the at
torneys in the case will not make the
terms public.
Clarke was his own chief witness.
He told how he arrived here on a Fri
day night last December, met the
woman, got gloriously drunk and came
to his senses a married man. ¦• He said
there were only a few of the incidents
connected with his wedding that he
could recollect He remembered taking
many drinks, and that was about all.
Absence of Defendant Leads
to Rumor That Capitalist
( Paid Dearly for Freedom
Board^ of Education v Can Ex
empt Tutors Now Employ
ed From New Regulation
Leon Soeder Is Repaid Every
Cent He Advanced as
on the Policies
•MAY ADOPT A PKOVISO
SUIT IS NOT CONTESTED
FIEM EETUENS ALL COIN
Finds He : Was Drunk and
incapable TOen He Made
"Sweet Pea Girl" His Wife
Man Accused of Murdering
Brother-in-Law Sends f or
the Insurance Officials
Express Alarm at Proposed
Kule Requiring* Them to
Beside inV San Francisco
COURT SEVERS
CLARKE'S TIES
REFUND MONEY
TO PRISONER
SOME TECHERS
ARE PERTURBED
THE SAN . FRANGISCOICALL^ THURSDAY; -APRIL 14, . 1904.
. Stock i certificates ; and seal . presses ¦ at „¦ short
notice. Edw. S. Knowles, '• 24 Second at, • /. :
; POSTAL. SUBCLERKS APPOINTED. — The
following • have been" selected -:_ by . Postmaster
Fisk ; from the » el iglble ; list ' to t serve t as '¦¦ irub
clerks:' -David- J. - Glennon.i Paul - Wlgtitman,
James F. Costello." Fred G. Baumeister, < Patrick
16
FREE— FREE ,
TO WANT ADVERTISERS
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S f CALIi.
the glow night : Lamp, v
, 'A SCIENTI FIC f WONDER.' /
¦ Invaluable ' t oiv Bcdrooins, , Sick
Clianibcrs,> • Hall,'; .-Nurseries,
Bathrooms, STAIRCASES, etc.
BE SURE TOlGET. ONE WITH
A WANT: AD N.
NEXT SUNDAYS ; CALL. ''-'•<"
> Premium cannot', be • obtained in
any other why;" / .:
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"p VERY one of the four hundred vehicles in
our store is new since January Jst The fire
last Julyxlook all the old ones. You will be in-
terested in seeing the finest assortment of Car-
riages ever shown west of New York City.
fOME^iyY
OF CALIFORNIA.
Carriage RepairingProperly Done.
Market and. Tenth Sts.
Catalogues Furnished.
¦ . MARKS BROS.
CHILDREN'S
School Dresses
Going Direct From Our Factory
to Our Customers
EXPLAINS
The Lowness of Our Prices
Gingham.
M^l^mf ) C0MCS lN
At R%n * serviceable Ging-
til yUU nam Dress, tastily
trimmed with white pique, em-
broidery insertion ' and torchon
lace.
A a, .--0./ 'Or Dress of im-
n t ip I.4.U porfe( f Scotch
Ginjham, yoks finished with deep
ruffle, tnmn.ei. in embroidery; .
belt of white pique.
Aj. 0/ Alr\ An^ exceedingly
r pretty Dress-
fetching ly trimmed in white braid
and pearl buttons; Russian blouse
effect.
s\W$$$t\ THIS PAINTr
/|^^ LipCra^h;
¦¦i^ffU Sailor Suit-
Zi ''I ' |V ' COMES in
You'll find that Marks Bros. ' Dresses
are^ not .skimped in any particular—
they're made to stand good, hard wear.
LACES!'***"* display of im-
! 'port Laces for
.Dress Trimmings is especially,
interesting and offers a wide
variety : for choice. '
Mail order, customers may , take 'adv'dnt-,
¦ ¦}: "'¦¦ . age of th ese special sales. '';¦' '-¦,'¦
MARKS BROS.
* The Home of Honest Values. . '
/ '226 1-1222-1224 Market, St.'^
J0a^&j± DON/T RUI N
(cMpz YOUR EYES.
-Are ; your..; glassrs ; soothing {and ¦ restful ?~i Do
they > relieve -. the i straJn, • blurring ; and » tiring ; o*
the , eyea ? ¦ If not. ; use i Geo. ' Mayerle' s " Antiseptic
Eyeglass AVI ppra." lCc:;2;for.25c.'"i German Eye- ;
water makes .weak : eyes » strong, '. sore ! eye» well. '
Bests tlred^eyes.' By.<maH:C2c. :,*GEO v MAY-
ERLE.!: German Expert Optician ", 1071 MAK-~
KET STREET.' S/F. - ;- r
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
UNDERWEAR DEPT. .
Entirely Ne<v Line of
Women who admire distinctiveness in exquisite under-
garments will be pleased with our new line of Bridal Sets
which we have just received from our workrooms. These
attractive sets are copies from imported models and cm-
brace many different styles, each one a revelation of dain-
tiness previously unexcelled.
The materials and trimmings are of the most reliable
quality and the style and finish is superb. Each set com-
prises gown, chemise and drawers, all trimmed to match.
Observe how reasonably they are priced:
§6.75 $7.50 $8.75 |
3/6 -O 22 /WXK£T «W
|\Jg /fag jmu \H V < / i M aT* W. j 1 1 W ej"' ' JT^»1^J tH
To Subscribers Leaving Town for the Summer.
CALL subscribers contemplating a change of
I residence during the summer months can have
their paper forwarded by mail to their new ad-
dress by notifying THE CALL Business Office.
This paper will also be on sale at all summer re-
sorts and is represented by a local agent in all
towns on the coast.
TEN DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Office if You Miss Your Paper.
If for any cause THE CALL is not delivered
regularly to subscribers please call up "CALL
EXCHANGE" and notify Subscription Clerk in
charge. Your complaint will receive prompt at-
tention.
A standing reward of, Ten Dollars ($io.oo) is
offered for the arrest and conviction of any one
caught stealing THE CALL. ~.^\
HALE'S. — HALE'S.
Walki hg Skirts Quickly.
¦ • Thd best we ever had at the price, but we doubled our order
to get them. See the better cloth they f are rnade of, all those
smart blue and gray mixtures." See how' they are" made with panel ?
front, wide pointed strap's down each gore and running over the
hips; finished with clothcovered buttons. .Every seam is bound;
Every stitch taken carefully. ¦¦:¦¦' 1 '. •
• But try 'one on. Their full beauty conies ouUin trie graceful way
they hang;, smoothly, without a wrinkle. You .can : pay- $5.00 lots of
places and not get a. better skirt. We haven't seen near, as godd a one for
$2.95 before. : ' y
They are all out on the second floor this morning. If you are think-
ing of a new skirt to wear on your- vacation you will want first pick.
The prettiest won't wait. . . ' / ; t ,*.:.. \
Picture Prices Down. Now Notions. ; ,
-Hale's make a big clean-up. About An economy list of needfuls.
7SO mat pictures from a leading Surely some that you will want and
picture. house in the , East, and got oth ers you will be reminded of
Way " PnCC - y ° U when you see what the prices are.
Some in pen andink, some in col- " SmaU '
.ored ngures and scenes,' every one" Fancy Frilled Side Hose Supporters
artistic,- everv one will make a < 10c pr. In black, blue. s pink and
S t JtTr?e t prices CVCritVPUt - LCt ' S Bast^/Ston 12 -pool S for 6c;: M -
iook ac tne prices.. , yard spools. ;
First at IOC Hairpin . Cabinet 3e. Assorted, wire
,. n ,o,,.,, M> .... ..,,. ' ."¦-. hairpins; straight, waved and ln-
300 Pictures, 14^x19%. (size of the . visible
mat) ; oval or square pictures. 'Some children's * Hose Supporters 5c pr.
of* the subjects: Swimming: Girls. Small> medium' and large sizes;
Hurdle Races. Cupids. Children at black only
Play, Au Revoir and Madonna, all in India Tape lc pc. ,White; all widths,
colors. The mats are gray; the pic- corset Steels 6c pr. Black or drab,
tures are colored and artistic. 10c. Spool Silk 3c spool. 50-yard spools;
Then at 15c — Black and white pen , black white and colors
and ink sketches; four different stud- wire Hairpins lc package. Straight or
ies In a panel card; square openings. waved
It's a red mat. The studies are figures p ea rl Buttons 2 doz. /or 5c White;
mostly. 4 lines 16 to 24
\ A Vi 15( l are some landscape subjects Darning Cotton 3 'spools for 6c. Black.
» u «* and whlt0 on S ra * mats, wn tte. tan and brown.
; MSlniniature colored pictures In BraSS Flns 3c papen
wood frames that* have , been stained. "~~~ — — — ¦ •
They have gilt trimmings, and the pic- !+»- Rorokoli TJmo
tu re is covered with glass. 5x7 in. -- It S JtSaSeDall lime.
1 th" picture opportuniiy of the J Boys are coming to Hale's for
seasonf No one would want to miss baseball things. They know. they.
themnhere. %&% °° Uld PUt & f ° W ° f wil1 S et fl ? c bcst in balIs ' batS « mitts »
v They know they will save. See this
.15c Art Burlap. list:
Something unusual. Drapery women Baseballs from 5c for a good one up to
have been accustomed to pay 25c for. . • $1.25 forSpaulding*s official league
It's figured, heavy, sturdy material, - ball.
pretty as can be for wainscoting or en- Baseball Bata, hardwood ones, from
tire wall coverings. It's on the sec- 10c to 76c. ' ~^-
ond floor. If you .haven't shared it. Catcher's Mitts 25c. Well padded with
there is plenty left for to-day. . hair, with raised heel and reln-
, These other things are unusual, too: forced palm. Others from 45c to
Art crcton, 15c yd. Figured sllkollne, $1.45.
Artnateen. 13c. «. . &-l-3c yd. Infielders* Gloves 25c to $1.25.
TT^'.n ?i^ irtH™™r n v-i«A c / d< Boys' Masks at 25c. Bright.- strong.
Art muslin, lie yd. ¦ Art drapery. 18c yd. ; stppl rrru»« - nth*»r« nn tn *2 25
Art Denim. 2Cc yd. Curtain bwUs. 10c yd. Sleel On€S " : utners U P lo •* . .
Curtain scrim. 5c yd.
t&M^ffl Hffl <» Oxford Suiting 15Jc~Yard v
J*l*!ifr /W a, d!*^ <s^\ It>s a regular 23c weave. Light-
Jm /Ml d&Wt.'V&1!K& 23b3P weight Oxford, for summer waists;
. MS/- •*5^» — — -^rS White, with dainty dots and figures
~^£LL*£'&O0 O0O£££~ woven in. Some patterns make swell
. ~~ "' «.;• : skirts, but it's prettiest for shirt
Market Street, Near Sixth. - waists. 25c quality to-day at 15c yd.
ADVEE.TXSEME2JTS.
ITX * VM A vl v9 H rm I K1 V I HE
39 STOCKTON STREET.
Telephone II a la 5523.
PROBLEM— Wkit to E»t. "•: ':~ ; =
ANSWER -Visit oar Delisitesm Eepirtaent.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday Specials.
CREAMERY BUTTER K per sq '. :32Xc
. From the celebrated Manchester Cream-
FANCY RANCH EGGS, per doz . * . . 22J4c
VICTORIA BLEND.TEA, per. Ib.l.... 45c
'¦ Res. ¦ COc - r ¦• • '¦' . ¦'¦' .* ' ¦.' * .' •. " ' ; .. *. r
-Try this.' You will not re*ret the change.
JELLO; all flavors. 3 pkgs for.:... 25c
A delicious dessert, made In a few
moments.
SAGO AND TAPIOCA, 6 lbs for..... 25c
Uez. A for 25c. ,"--.
SHREDDED WHEAT BISCUIT, per pkg 10c
Regr. 12%c. . -
SNSDER'S COCKTAIL SAUCE\ baf »«.
" TOMATO CATSUP ] Z*:"zic
PRUNES, per Ib .............. .^ ... .5c
Reg. 7%c. /¦
Nice Pan ta Clara stock; rood size. '
CANNES PINEAPPLE, sliced, per can 15c
Reg. 20c. From Stacapore. . -
MACARONI. SPAGHETTI. . VERMICELLI.
large box 35c small box .'. . .20c
Keg. 40c/ Rtg. 2Ts.
FAMILY BOURBON, bot. 60c; gal. $2.50
, Resr. 73c. $3.
A good whisky at a low. figure.
FINE OLD RYE, per bot. 75c; gal. S3. 00
lies. $1, Si. v. /¦•¦. . .-
Especially for medicinal use.
PALM GIN, pint bot.... .....40c
Reg. ; 55c. " From Schiedam, Holland.
PURE FRUIT SYRUPS, per bot. . . . .35c,
Reg. 50c Strawberry, Raspberry. Gren-
adine. Lemon. Pineapple.
VARTRAY GINGER ALE \ doz . i1oo
Your
Opportunity
China
Crockery
Glassware
Enamel Ware
High Grade
50&" OFF
It pays
to trade
'real American Importing Tea Go
S61 Market -if Urant ave. :-»ia Folk ¦
140 Sixth 1819 Deviaadero 70S Larkin
475 Haight . 3000 Sixteenth 355 Hayes ,
3285. Mission 521 Montg* avc 62 Market
2C0S Fillmore 2516 Mission 1415 Ninth
3Rfi TMr<1 ¦ - MTfTl 24th - "¦- <fift Fn ( ,,.i.
The r^rcatest reproduction of '••
the 'greatest painting of a lion.»
ever produced; size '43 inches 1
¦ by 28 inches> ' ; ,,> ¦ J
. .: Free. to' customers: -To others (
, ioc. a By mail 15c. *
UONS,' London^TalFor;
721 Market" j
' -.' ¦ ' v / ¦ • 132 Kearny. -