VOLUME XCV— NO. 127.
TK3J xHraATHEB.
Forecast made at Saa Fraa
eifceo f cr - thirty hours ending
' mifialffit, April 5: •
Can Francisco aad vicinity —
Fair Tuesday; liarht ncrtb wlad,
cluuislsE" to westerly.
A. Q. LISA PEE.
District Forecaster. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Resignation of the Head of the Los
Jtngeles Department
is"- Demanded,
CHIEF OF POLICE
WILL BE OUSTED
THE metropolis of Southern California hns a sensation in store and
the enforced- resignation of Chief of Police Elton will be the cause
of it. The Board of Police Commissioners, acting: with Mayor
Snyder, lias decided that the administration of. the Chief is not condu
cive to the welfare of the community. Tlie resignation is to be sub
mitted to-day. .
Special Cable to The Call 'and New York Her
ald. Copyright, 1004/ by r the New York
Herald Publishing Company. ¦
Renewed Bombardment 'of Port Arthur
, by Admiral Togo's Japanese -
Fleet Is Reported. •,
Mikaflo's Forces Now in
• Complete Control of tlie
Hermit Kingdom.
Russians M Driven
From tlie Soil
of Korea,
BROWN MEN
ADVANCE TO
YALU RIVER
LONDON, April 5.— The Daily
Mail correspondent at Chefu,
cabling under dsite of April j 4,
says . there was another bom
bardment of Port Arthur ¦ on
April 3, but that there were no
authentic details of the engage
ment available.
MONTEVIDEO. Uruguay. April 4. —
A hurricane has caused considerable
damage to property here. Several
vessels were driven ashore in the har
bor "'
Hurricane Strikes Montevideo.
HELENA. MonL, April 4. — At the
city election to-day the Democrats
elected D.*D. PCrcell Mayor and B. B.
Grogan Police Magistrate and one Al
derman. The Republicans elected D.
.B. Kirdendall City Treasurer and
seven Aldermen. The fight was made
on the Mayoralty on purely local is
eues.
Democrats IiHect Helena Mayor.
BELLEVILLE. 111., April 4.— Spot,
the watchdog at , the St. Clair County
Jail, and the alertness of Sheriff G. W.
Thompson prevented a Jail delivery
here early this morning.'
Thompson was awakened ¦ by the
loud barking' of the dog. ;-. Hurrying
into the Jail he .surprised' two; of 'the
women prisoners busily "engaged; In
making a. hole through the Jail wall.
They had tunneled" through the wall
and were, getting ready to'/e'inoye" the
last tier of* bricks ¦ - " • • ." « .'*"*^^|
Sheriff Is Awakened .. by Canine's
Barks and Finds : .T\vo ¦ Prisoners
Escaping.
VIGILANT WATCHDOG •
-. PREVENTS JAIL BREAK
Lake Superior Mining Man Dies.
CALUMET. Mich.. April 4. — Cap
tain W. H. Mills, one of the best
known mining men in the Lake Su
perior region, died to-day of cancer of
the itomach, aged 56 years. He was
identified with Iron and cooper min
ing industries here and in Arizona.
kllEIDIATISM ATTACKS
'PRESIDENT OF PERU
Executive ; Is Ordered by Physicians
to Go to Mineral Springs for
, ; Hisr Health.
1 LIMA,. Peru, April 4.— Drs. Larre
and * Curletti have pronounced • Presi
dent Candiamo , to be 'seriously i af
fected 'with*; acute rheumatismTbf ahe
stomach and it .will be * for
him to go to Arequipa for, two months
to take the/mineral. waters there. ; Vice
President Serapio v Calderoh has been
summoned to take charge of the ad
ministration' " during "the President's
absence,; "
VANCOUVER. B. C. April 4.— On
Wednesday next the through passen
ger fare from Vancouver, Victoria and
Pupet Sound points to Dawson will be
advanced from $15 to $17. according
to an announcement made by the
White Pass and Yukon route*. It is
stated that it costs more to run stages
now that the snow is melting from the
trails.
Fare to Daw-son Increased.
-?SALT; LAKE, Utah. April 4. — Ray
mond Metc'alf, a 2-year-old boy, was
stung to death yesterday by bees. The
child was playing in an* orchard near
the home of his father, Frank Metcalf,
at Arcadia,. Oregon. He came upon a
swarm of , bees that were migrating
and had attached themselves to a limb
of; one of the trees. The chUd inno
cently; patted the swarm with his hand.
Immediately: the insects flew on him!
stinging face and " hands and even
penetrating his clothing. The child
was < in .frightful agony and lived only
a^ short time. His father was formerly
superintendent of the Utah State
School for Deaf and Dumb and Blind
at Ogden. * i
Baby's Playful Antics With a -"Tree
Swarm "~ub a Fatal
Jlrdins.
SMALL CHILD IS STUNG
.TO DEATH BY BEES
COPENHAGEN, April /4.— In < the
course of king 'Edward's reception of
the diplomats to-day he was especially
cordial and 'friendly in* his
toward United States Minister Swen
son. The King "expressed the warm
est admiration for President Roosevelt
and said he was glad the President's
Influence had been' thrown in; the .di
rection of the cultivation • of L friendly
relations between . Great \ Britain ' and
the United States, and he added he be
lieved such relations worked,- toward
peace and prosperous -intercourse be
tween the nations of the world.
King Edward the ) Guest at Copen
hagen Cordially Receives the
American Minister.
SOVEREIGN" OF". BRITAIN"
PRAISES UNITED STATES
LONDON, April 4. — Meager details
have arrived here of heavy fighting in
Nigeria (British West Africa) and of
a reverse sustained by the punitive ex
pedition sent against the Okpoto tribe,
who in December cut up a British
patrol, killing two British officers and
forty or fifty native troops. In the re
cent righting the Okpotos fought their
.way into the midst of the British
square and killed or wounded many of
the British.
English Expedition in Nigeria Suf
fers Serious Reverse at tlie
Hands of Natives.
MANY* BRITISH KILLED
BY THE OKPOTO TRIBE
This appeal, which was . died . in SL*
Paul this morning, asks . the court to
compel the mercer to return Northern
Pacific stock to the holders ; who ex
changed, their, shares, for .Northern Se^
curities stock. Harriman, objects to
the pro rata , distribution . of- merger
shares as proposed by Hill, .who wants
Rockefeller, who owns the Union
Pacific, has tried, to capture control of
the Northern Pacific for many years.
Through his^ numerous strong agents
he has carried on a bitter fight to this
end and two years . a.go very nearly
accomplished his purpose. . 'Hill has
waged a fierce battle to hold the mas
ter hand in Northern Pacific- matters.
And now Rockefeller is playing his
trump card, which if successful will
be the means of turning the 'road over
to him. It is in the form of an appeal
to the United States court by the
Harriman crowd, who are Rockefel
ler's agents. • ,- '. :^- '};".*¦, . , .
ST. PAUL, Minn., April 4.—^John D.
Rockefeller wants the Northern Pa
cific Railroad. He Is the real power
back of the suit filed in St. Paul Sat
urday by the Harriman interests. The
suit is not a friendly one. ' It is a fight
to a finish between ' Rockefeller and
Hill. • ¦ •¦¦ i* -'¦¦V'v'*"
to distribute" Great" Northern and
Northern • Pacific • shares without re
spect to, whether the holders originally
held one, or the other. Notices of ac
tion, have been served upon the dlrec
tors i and officers of the securities com
pany and others.
The. story behind the action gives an
interesting peep into the inner circles
of • high finance, In which Hill and
Rockefeller have played a game of
diplomacy where the great wealth and
rapacity. of one' was pitted against the
shrewdness and courage of the. other.
..At the' time the Northern Securities
Company, was put into operation
Rockefeller : (through his agents, the
Harrimans) owned about 35 per cent
of Northern Pacific preferred stock
and about 20, per cent of Northern
Pacific common stock. This was turn
ed into the company, the preferred
stock being converted into gold bonds
and ,the common stock being ex
changed'for preferred. Then Rocke
feller was given his entire holdings in
common stock, which amounted to 55
per cent, an absolute control of the
Northern Pacific if he could have kept
the -same, but according to the mer
ger agreement this stock was turned
into the pool in exchange for Northern
Securities stock.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
Oil Magnate Behind the Harrtman
Interests in the ifaiU
, road Battle. ;
STANDARD OIL. MAGNATE' AND THK MAN , HE IS SECRETLY SUPPORTING
IN THE BIG FIGHT WHICH HAS BEGUN IN THE COURTS FOR CONTROL.
OF A RAILROAD. < .... :¦-'¦¦ .*¦< ,...,'.~\l>
This afternoon each of these new
presidents was called upon to speak
and profess his loyalty to the church
und to urge all young people to remain
loyal. The greatest Interest was In the
epeech of Richard W. Young, grandson
of Brigham Young, a West Point grad
uate, -major of volunteers during the
Spanish-American war and Judge of
the Supreme Court of the Philippines
under military rule. He has not been
regarded hitherto as an especially
warm churchman. To-day he declared
his adherence to the principles of Mor
monlsm, said he could understand the
reason for some of the opposition, but
had no sympathy with the attempts to
unseat Senator Smoot on religious
grounds, overriding the constitution.
. Apostle Hyrum M. Smith, speaking
as a young man, the youngest of the
apostles, urged all of the newer gen
eration to follow In the footsteps of
their parents and not to break away
from Mormonism.
The president of the Salt Lake
"Stake" for the last twenty-eight
years has been Angus M. Cannon,
brother of the late George Q. Can
non, the "Mormon Richelieu." He is a
man of great strength, but is becom
ing old, and was accused of being out
cf sympathy with the younger element.
His two counselors, Charles W. Fen
rose and Joseph E. Taylor, are even
older than he and , both reactionary, in
their tendencies. Accordingly the
church authorities during the last two
weeks divided the Salt Lake "stake"
Into three parts and placed a compara
tively young man at the head of each
of the new stakes.
SALT LAKE. Utah, April 4.— An ar
dent appeal to young Mormons to re*
main steadfast for their church was
made to-day at the general conference
of the Church of Jesus Christ of Lat
.ter Day Saints at the Salt Lake Taber
nacle. Nearly all the afternoon was
taken up in the efforts to keep the
younger Mormons from breaking away.
Especially In Salt Lake City, with its
large population of Gentiles, has there
been noticed a tendency of the younger
people to drift away from the leader
thSp of the hierarchy. The leaders be
came alarmed at this tendency a short
time ago and decided upon a reorgan
ization of the Salt Lake "stake" or
diocese.
Special P.Fpatch to The Ca'l
Latter Day Saints in Salt lake City
Discorer the Results of the
Smoot Case Controversy.
Tendency to Drift Away
From the Doctrine
Causes Alarm.
AppealMadetoYoung
Men at Utah
Conference.
MORMONS
FEAR FAITH
IS PASSING
FOEMAN OF HILL
IS ROCKEFELLER
-WASHINGTON, - : April : 7 4.-^Chair
man; Griggs i of ; the Democratic "Con
gressional -; Committee has - ordered ? a'
meetlhgiof;the committee for-Thurs
day night . 'to ; discuss : plans^f or '¦ the
"cbmirig^camp'algn." Griggs Vwill Ireslgn
the /'chairmanship,': whlch^'- ;*pro
will go toTCoVherd orMlssourL
New"- Honors " f ori Cowherd.
ciergynian ? Reaches Into Barrel for
: jVegetablesand 'Goes »Iad on Grasp- 1
, ing:'; Body; of i Dead i;Rat r^ ' '• J
OSHKOSH,\Wls.V"; April Carl
E. Hintrager.Tof.theJ German Methodist
church,: committed | hanging
riimself vwhlle* t temporarily^craze'd f by
thefshock received when" he dippedUntq
a' barrel, supposed }. to' contain : fonly
.vegetables^and g'rasped the body»"of ¦' a
dead 'rat' "T -¦ " '> ""' . ' '" "¦' -
GERMAN * MINISTER ; KILLS
HI5ISELF BY HANGING
President Hears Mf?clianics f Plaint.
e WASHINGTON, . ¦ April 4.— M. A.
Bowen and E. C. Ford, representatives
of the* mechanics; employed at the
Washington . navy yard,' were given ,a
hearing to-day .by ; President Roosevelt
on the subject of wages : of * navy yard
employes. L Their- purpose was to enlist
h!s influence to ¦ secure the -passage ¦ of
a v bill ,] pending " in Congress .- proyiditii;
that r mechanicsi employed in the gun
factory be given wages equally as good
as 'those ' paid skilled artisans employed
In -other branches of Government
service? The President promised t» »ivs
the matter r consideratlo*'* ' • "^ ii.;
CHEFU.April 6/ -10a. m. — The Nip
pon Yusen .. Kalsha" has' resumed > Its
service between Korea and Northern
China with ,¦ foreign^ steamships. The
first, steamship , has arrived - from
Chemulpo land J 'roxa \ the , passengers ¦ it
was learned ;: that the; last; contingent
of Japan's first' army landed in Korea
on Marchl 30. -^TheVarrny. conslstsVof
50,000 "nienVJ, including ; coolieTcarriera.
Japan ; has* made l;Anju rontal
and has bridged : ; the '¦; Chengcheng [ and
Pakcheng? rivers; and;j is £ready to ¦ adr v
vaiice by three ; roads to, the Yalu
River.. ..'_ '.' - ¦" . . '- ¦.'..¦ ' ¦' . ..'¦ ' .'.;¦-;•'¦¦"
It wlil possibly r be a. month, : how-'
evei*. before a big battle'wiirbe fought,
as the artillery \ moves slowly ' on Vac
count of the "poor . horses 'and \ the bad
management • 'of I', the i. horses;: .otheft
wise the; organizatlon^bf the r Japanese
forces "is 'almost^perfect.-'; An;imrriense
quantity going ; forward
byVcoolieTcarriers.^." ;*"*'""
:";. It 'was ;-alsoji learned from ; the.' pas
sengers .that -work ; ; has been^ resumed
at' the; American v . niines at'.Un^an. v,f ¦; "
War News i Continued . on ". Pase * Zi,';
-WASHINGTON,? April 4."^— 'a\' large
number^of negroes were present In the
United ¦ States Supreme Court ¦ to listen
to r the7arguments in'the'caseiaffecting
the ¦ . the .Virginia
election law,';which was designed to
exclude ' negroes V from ' voting. " Wise
occupied : . the greater - part : of the day
and .was . followed by;. William ~A. :An
derson,*: Attorney General (of the ' ¦ State
of -Virginia. ,. , / • •- — ' •¦'-. ,
Negroes Listen to Arguments.
AETILLERY MOVES
SLOWLY^ECATJSE
OR BAD ROADS
TACOMA, ADril 4.— Heroic effortsto
save stock are being made by Eastern
Washington stock raisers. The un
usually long ¦ winter caught many" of
them and a number of
herds are suffering from lack' of food.
Hay. is short and two and a half feet
of snow- remains k on the ground in
many, parts.' Okanogan County es
pecially: is suffering : from shortage of
hay and' what little can be had is di
vided up among the stockmen.
Rigorous Winter Finds .Many Unpre
pared and There 13 a Great
Shortage of Ha>.'-
STOCK 'SUFFERING IN
EASTERN WASHINGTON
BOSTON, , April 4.—The Hearst boom
in' Boston received a; body , blow to-day
when ¦ the^election : board i threw [ out the
nomination, papers" for delegates to, the
State Convention ineight wards as be
ing;improperly signed.' VWhen the.pa
pers were { filed "some i^flfty of the al
leged ; signers withdrew, as
serting (that -their '• names ( > had been
forged.' V The" 'Hearst pleaders hastened
tol substitute Vothers.V but? the election
board ' held H that " " these are ¦ not the
signers of the ; ; original x papers as .re
quired* by law. ; v
In' Nomination Papers Fraud . Is Al
leged ¦ and s Officials Will Not ; :
Allow Substitution. ''
BOSTON ELECTION BOARD
JARS THE HEARST MEN
TRENTON, N. J., April 4.— A plan
for the reorganization - of : the United
States Shipbuilding Company is to be
made public ' next Monday by the re
ceiver, i former Senator ¦ James Smith,
when he will file a report in thtf United
States court here. This was ' announced
in court ' to-day . w^ien the application
of the receiver for instructions as to
how . to act under an ; amended bill of
the Mercantile : Trust ; Company; of ; New
York ; was laid: over untiliMonday!be
cause of the absence of Judge Andrew
Klrkpatrick, who- Is familiar with 'all
phases of the case. ."jSSllPgegSl
Receiver James Smith Makes An
nouncement on 'Application to
Court for Instructions.
MAY REORGANIZE THE
SHIPBUILDING COMPANY
NEW YORK, April 5.— The World
this morning prints the following sum
mary of delegates so far chosen for
the Republican National Convention at
Chicago:
Instructed for Roosevelt — Alaska 6.
Alabama 8, Arizona 2, Delaware 6.
Florida 10, Georgia 10, Illinois 6, ! Indi-;
ana 8, Kansas IS. Louisiana 2,, Minne
sota 18. Mississippi 20, Missouri 16. Ne
braska 6. New Mexico 6, New York 2.
Ohio 4, Pennsylvania 16, South Caro
lina 14, Texas 8, Virginia 24, Wisconsin
2— total 212.
Unlnstructed— Alabama 4, Georgia 8.
Indiana 6," Indian Territory 6, New
York . 6, Ohio 12, Minnesota 2, Missouri
2, Pennsylvania 12, West Virginia 12,
Tennessee' 2, Texas 4 — total 76."
Carefully Prepared Estimates Show
. That President Has Large
Majority.
ROOSEVELT LEADS OX
INSTRUCTED DELEGATES
CHICAGO, April 4.-f-Strange circum
stances attended the "removal from Chl
:cago to-night; of Mrs. ; Emma L. Wat
son, a remarkable woman under in
dictment in Oregon for alleged frauds
in Government lands. Two revolvers
and a light pair of shackles formed a
part of the equipment of Deputy Mar
"shal I Mlddleton, \ who had Mrs. Watson
in custody, as the result of informa
tion received by secret service officials
that powerful 'friends of the woman
were plotting to attempt her. rescue en
route to Portland, Or. , Mrs. Watson
was chic in appearance, from an ex
pensively trimmed hat to the toes of
her patent-leather boots. A thick pur
ple veil concealed her features. She
wore a. tailor-made gown of rich blue
material. Four diamond rings and nu
merous single gems gave an added ap
pearance of wealth to the fair prisoner.
"I. will tell\ my story in Oregon, not
in -Chicago," she said. "These secret
service officers may, have told too much
already for their own good."
Secret service officials were plainly
in dread that Mrs. Waton would prove
their claim that. she is the '^rnost slip
pery suspect ever caught."
Special I Dispatch to The Call.'
HOUSTON, Texas. April 4. — X
tragedy of a peculiar nature was al
most enacted on the big strawberry
plantation south of this city to-day.
Walter Pierce, aged 14, was accused by
his companions of having stolen a
basket of luncheon. The other ' berry
pickers organized a mock court, gave
Pierce a trial, found him guilty and
fixed his punishment at death. The
sentence was that he should be im
mediately hanged.
A rope was procured and the boy was
overpowered and strung up to a tree.
His cries early, in the proceedings at
tracted attention and men arrived In
time to cut him down, alive but un^
conscious.
John Gilmore and two others who
were leaders In the attempted execution
are under arrest. There Is much In
dignation over the affair and all of the
participants are to be vigorously prose
cuted. I
Youtii Sentenced to Death by Yotinj
Incorrljribles Is Cut Down In ;
Xick of Time.
BOY'S CO3IRADES HANG .
HIM TO" LIMB OFTREB
In December, 1902, Judge Lewis and
his aged : wife, who lived on "a farm : a
few milea from Almira, . were brutally
beaten to death In their home. This
crime was not discovered for several
days. The motive presumably was rob
bery, as the house was thoroughly ran
sacked, yet when the officers reached
the scene the- small hoardof the aged
couple was found untouched.
Charles Thennis was , shot \ to « death
In his saloon at Govan, ? a short dis
tance from Almira, in April last. No
motive for . the crime was ever discov
ered, although there was ' talk that
Thennis ' had expressed * his opinions too
freely about the murder of -Judge
Lewis,: saying he could s find the mur
derers. For this crime Cyrus Victor
was convicted on-- circumstantial evi
dence. .
Last fall Mrs. Northrup was shot and
killed : in the same . locality' by • James
"Banford. *¦: He was adjudged Insane by
a' Jury, -but has never been "committed
to an asylum! ;
« - SPOKANE,^AprtiM.^Wrspped In a
sheet and: buried only a foot below the
earth's surface, the body of E.E. Eng
lish was t found about . twenty miles
from Afmira, ' Wash., to-day, and an
other mysterious crime has been devel
oped which' seems strangely connected
with a series "of -killings which have
aroused .that town in the last three
years. No motive for the , murder of
English is apparent. By a remarkable
coincidence the finding of the body
came upon the anniversary of the
shooting of Charles Thennis near Al
mira one year ago. For. the alleged
killing Cyrus Victor has been convicted
of murder and now awaits the action
of the Supreme Court..-
It was to the brother of Cyrus Victor
that E. E. English sold his ranch in
1901 and then mysteriously disappeared.
English had never been heard from,
and Frank Victor, who bought the
ranch, said that when he last saw Eng
lish the latter was still upon the ranch.
The body was found near some springs
frequented by stockmen near the Vic
tor ranch.
When ¦; English sold his ranch to
Frank Victor, the consideration was
51000. Prosecuting Attorney Dye mak
ing out the sale papers. It was then
reported. that English intended return
ing to his old home in England. Sheriff
Inkster says English was last seen
alive upon his ranch. The Sheriff says
he . talked to a man who ; had offered
English^ 52000 for his ranch, but was
refused. This was a year before the
sale was made to Frank Victor .and
before land had risen in value in that
section. : -.-.¦ '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs, Watson Goes to
Oregon Carefully
¦frllJIPflPil
\A UtuJL VlvVl*
Mysterious Slayer
Claims Another
Victim.
"Japan, by the movement now re
ported, has compassed one of the most
remarkable * achievements in modern
political history. She has practically
swept Russia j clean jj out of the - whole
of Korea without anything that could
be called a blow.'] From the northern
frontier, by the wide estuary of the
Yalu to the straits, looking across to
the island empire Itself, 600 miles away,
the Hermit Kingdom ; Is in her: hands
from end to end.. "Never has Nemesis
marched more swiftly on the retreating
track of fatal diplomacy. Within eight
weeks from the opening of the war
Russia has lost— and, in our conviction,
irretrievably, lost— the very object for
which she made war." '
According to the Mail's Kobe (Japan)
correspondent, who telegraphs under
date of April 4, a^Pingyang dispatch
has been received there confirming the
report from Shanghai that Japanese
scouts entered , Wiju, Korea, on Monday
morning and ; that • thie Russians ap
parently retreated.- beyond | the. Yalu
River, but no further, news | of any kind
Is at hand throwing light on either land
or sea operations. - Everything, how
ever, is regarded as pointing to - the im
minence of ' important developments.
The Mall's Seoul {correspondent, tele
graphing '• on Monday, asserts \ that ' the
landing of "Japanese' troops at Chenam
pho has now' ceased,* but that the port
Is guarded by 'a -I large fleet and .the
Japanese ' base"* # has moved north from
Pingyang, where only a few troops
now remain.- . . .'.; *-.]<=.
"The most significant military news
since the opening of the. war has ar
xived. Pushing northward in the last
few days with extreme rapidity and
driving the Cossack squadrons, before
them, the Japanese have seized; WIJu
and Yohgampho, at the mouth of the
Yalu: V : ¦•'•¦¦ ""¦ >'.".;V
% "The main masses of. their army . ; are
pressing* lip^' tov^rft^tMsixitiil ) me >
there ) Is no ) longer";doubt .that* when a
few more days < have -elapsed 'the Japa
nese will j be in' a '"position [ to ;make \ at
any moment , the (most ; moves
of the whole struggle, j They will be
able to force the> passage of. the fron
tier river when they please and invade
Manchuria. ¦ ' . . . _ ¦
"Then, ; and not until then, theTreal,
grapple of the fcrces will begin in grim
earnest, and people .who are sighing for
big war news may; hear within the next
two or three weeks . of events big
enough , to satisfy! the, most avid appe
tite for sensation. ;*--.•
SHANGHAI,, April 4.— Japanese
scouts entered Wiju, Korea, at 11 o'clock
this morning. The Russians apparently
retreated beyond the Yalti River.
LONDON, April 5.— The; Daily Tele
graph in an editorial this morning says:
SHACKLES
FOR A FAIR
PRISONER
LONG SERIES
OF MURDERS
AT ALMIRA
The object of the attack probably
was robbery, as it was known that
Drake had, several hundred dollars
wtyich he carried on his person. Drako
stated before he died that the murderer
took $265.
Drake was found outside the cabin.
He was ba*lly wounded, but was con
scious. He had been shot three times
in. the abdomen and once in the thigh.
He did not recognize his assailant. He
died about an hour later.
The intruder covered Pentarrtl and
commanded him to throw up his hanUs.
He then fired a shot over Drake's head
because Drake, who was sitting ¦ at a
table, did not comply immediately.
Drake grabbed the stranger and a
struggle ensued, during which Pen
tarrti escaped and gave an alarm.
UKIAH, April 4.— Frank Drake, a
rancher, was murdered at Hollow Tree
last Friday night by an unknown per
son. Drake and an Italian named Pen
tarrti, who occupied the same cabin,
were preparing for bed when the door
was forced open and a man wearing a
woman's clothes and a heavy black
mask stepped Inside, shutting the door
behind him. • t
Attack at Night in Remote Portion
of Mendocino County Startles
the Authorities.
LOS ANGELES, April 4.— Chief of
Police Charles Elton will tender his
resignation to-morrow to the Board of
Police Commissioners. It will be ac
cepted, and unless the present pro
gramme is dhanged former Sheriff W.
A. Hammel will be elected to succeed
him.
The alternative given Elton is that
he will be dismissed unless he resigns,
and it *is practically certain that he
will quit rather than have his office de
clared vacant.
This will be the culmination of a long
At a conference to-night, at which
Mayor Snyder was present, it was de
clded'that Elton must go, and his res
ignation will be the result.
and. bitter campaign, in which' politics
entered largely, but there have been
other considerations. For weeks gam
bling has been run almost wide open
here, and .this, with the antagonism en
gendered several months ago by the
manner in which he dealt with the so
cial evil, arrayed a powerful faction of
the so-called purity element against
Elton, and his enemies have left noth
ing undone which would tend to dis
credit his administration. .
Fierce Battle With Myste-
rious Intruder Intent,
on Robbery.
Man in Female At
tire Takes ,Liie
. of Ranclier.
MURDERER
STRUGGLES
IN A CABIN
THE TISATESS. \
Alcazar— "Oa the?Quiet." ¦ 'j^Jj
Alhambra * — Mme. " - Schtunann
- Heinfc. • ¦ . - : ~-~r»
California — "McPadden'a Flats.'
Central — "Around the -World lz
- Elsrhty Days."
Chutes — Vandeville.
Columbia — "Mam'selle XTapo
leon."
Fischer'B — "Kismet."
Orand — "Divorcons."
Mechanics' Pavilion — ZTorrla ani
¦ Kowe's Circus."
Orphetun — Vaudeville. ¦
Tivoli— "Mr. Pickwick."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1904.
The San Francisco CallCelebrate a Wedding Anniversary.
SAN JOSE, April 4.— Mr. and Mrs.
James M. Kenyon of Santa Clara cele
brated their sixty-fifth wedding anni
versary to-day. They are- believed to
be the longest married couple In the
State. Many friends called to-day and
greeted the venerable couple. Mr.
Kenyon was born In Adama. County.
OWlo. on May 29. IS 17. He is now In
his eighty-eighth year and his wife is
a few years his senior. The couple
have been residents of California since
1849. Mr. and Mrs. Kenyon have four
children and a score of grandchildren
and great-grandchildren:
PITTfBURG. April 4.— The nail department
of the American Steel* and Wire Company's
plant at Rankin" burned to-day, cauelng a loss
of from 1 1176,000 to 1200.000. In the. building
were 230 nail machine* of an exceedingly com
plicated character.
Jules Clement^ managjer of Rosario
Guerrero, an actress at the Orpheum,
died at the French' Hospital last even-
Ing after a short Illness. The deceased
was ft. native of London, England, and
was 23 years of; age. The body will
be taken charge "of > by. the', Theatrical
Managers'; Association ; : until word Is
received from his relatives in London.
Youthful Manager Dies.
SAN RAFAEL. April 4.— The sur
face of the Marin Water Company's
proposed new lake or reservoir will
cover the central portion of the La
gunitas dairy tract for a length of. over
two miles, the area of sakl surface be
ing some 320 acres.
Mann'* New Water Supply.
April 4.— W. E. Barnes,
who has reen in; jail most " of
the time for the : last year and
who was originally f .aCrrested. : for
stealing from; his. landlady. 'and, then
married -the landlady so that, she
could not testify against him, was
again arrested to-day . for passing a
worthless' check: at' Fruitvale^ Each
of , his arrests has been for, felony,
but each time hehas escaped going to
jail by.- mere chance. -
Barnes' Again Arrested.
SAN! RAFAEL. April 4. — Thomas
Cummings, one of the earliest pio
neers of the State, died this morning,
aged 62 years. Cummings was a na
tive of Ireland. ¦ He came to Califor
nia forty-six years ago and has re
sided with :¦ his ; family • in San ¦ Rafael
for the , last sixteen L years. He has
been in the employ. of the • California
Northwestern Railroad as an engineer
for over twenty; years. He leaves- a
widow and two children.-:
OAKLAND. April 4. — Charles B.
Howies, a portrait painter, was found
dead this morning in his room at 756
Seventh street. Bowles -had been
drinking heavily. At one time he wag
quite active in art circles about the
bay. Coroner' Mehrmann has charge
of the case. ' '
Artist Found Dead
WASHINGTON. 'April' -4. — Under
rapid questioning by the opponents of
the reoeal of the desert land laws In
the House Committee on Irrigation
to-day George H. Maxwell detailed
the information that the Great North
ern. Northern Pacific, the Southern
Pacific and Santa Fc, the Union Pa
cific and the Burlington railroads
each contribute $6000 a year. and the
Rock Island $3000 a year toward a
fund to be used by the National Irri
gation Association and disbursed by
Maxwell in the interest of that or
ganization. Other contributions to this
fund bring the amount up to $50,000.
000 a year. This money has been col
lected during the past five year3 and
is 6till being paid. It was used in a
campaign of education to secure the
passage of the national irrigation act.
Gcorjjc II. Maxwell Says Fund of Fifty
Millions Is Used to Promote
Passage of Law.
EDUCATION OX VALUE
OF WATER EXPENSIVE
THE DAY'S DEAD.
There was Just cause for It, when cut rate
prices begin at the height of the *>ea«on. $25
novelty suits are sold for $17 50; $17 50
trimmed suits at US 50; . f IS white novelty
<->nts Mlk lined and lace ¦ trimmed.' at $10.
More cut rate prices to-dny and to-morrow at
the Golden Gate Cloak and Suit House, 1230,
1232, 1234 Market street. •
F.xcltcmeiit in n Cloak House.
OAKLAND. April 4. — Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by Jennie
Bell Cock against Charles H. Cock on
the grounds of desertion and failure
to provide. They have been married
t>everal yran*. but for a year, it is al
leged, he has sought another home.
¦ A divorce was granted Julia Belle
Perrin from William Perrin by Judge
Kllsworth on the ground of desertion.
They were married in 1898. *
In the Divorce Court
WASHINGTON. April 4.— Follow-
recommendation of Secretary.Taft
and Judire -Advocate General Davis
the President has approved the sen
tences of dismissal imposed by court
martial in the cases of' First Lieuten
ant "Arthur G. Sharpley, Twelfth Cav
alry, convicted of serious misconduct
in the Philippines,* and Second Lieu
tenant Jean S. ¦ Oakes, Artillery, Corps,
convicted of being absent without
leave arid misconduct at Fort Monroe.
No action has yet been taken In the
cace of Lieutenant Frank Pratt, First
Infantry, convicted of finnncial-Ir
regularities and sentenced to be dis
missed. J
Lieutenants Arthur Sharplcy nnd Jean
Oakes Are Discharged for
Misconduct.
FINDINGS OF DISMISSAL
APPROVED ' BY TAFT
IV. II. Smith,' president; R. Felge.'vice presi
dent: F. E. Burger, recording Fecretary; H..W.
Miller, financial secretary; G. Edward Sterling,
treasurer: R. K. Mueller.- sergeant at- arms; S.
F. Mahar. collector AI. n. A. Trustees — J. Z.
Barnett.'C. (H. Allen. Harry Leber. Commit
tee of arrangements — F. E. Burger, chairman;
n. E.. Mueller. R.Feiee. C.H. Allen. J.Z.
Barnett. Floor director. W. H. Smith; asslst
anVJ. F. Kenney. Floor committee— D. J.
Hallahwi. J. J. Healy. H. W.. Miller, T. J.
Gallagher, I'eter Nelson, W. H.. O'Connor, 'E.
E. Meyers. , Reception committee — Mrs. R. E.
Mueller,: Miss ¦ Edna Swalte, 'Mrs. 4 G." . Edward
Sterling. Mrs. W.v H. Smith. Mrs. J. F.
Kenney.. Mrs. J; Z. Barnett, Mrs. C H. Allen,
O. G. Kohl. H. S. Skinner. A. S. Miley.
OAKLAND,. April 4.— Branch No.
76, National Association of Letter-Car
riers, will hold its^seventh annual ball
Wednesday evening r at Maple Hall.
The proceeds will go to the associa
tion's e!ck benefit fund. The officers
and committees of the branch are as
follows: •
Branch No. 76 of Oakland Plans
Yearly ; Gathering for Benefit of
Sick Relief Fund.
LETTEK-CARRIERS -WILL . •
GIVE ANNUAL BALL
OAKLAND. April 4.— A bench war
rant was issued for Charles W. Palm
to-day by Judge Greene, citing him to
appear in court and show cause why
he should not turn over to Jennie Hea
¦ton J20fc5 belonging to the estate of
Warren D. Heaton. Palm was special
administrator of the estate and for
many years has resisted the claims of
Jennie Heaton. who has been declared
by the courts to be 'the legal daughter
of Heaton.
Cites Palm Into Court.
OAKLAND. April 4.— Preliminary
ordinances covering the proposed pur
chase of lands for park sites and a
City Hall, under bond issue, were in
troduced in the City Council to-night.
President George W. Dornin was re
elected and he reappointed all the
standing committees. The Oakland
Transit Consolidated renewed its ap
plication for an electric road franchise
through East. Fourteenth street,' from
First to Twelfth. The Council by a
vote of 8 to 3 declined to reconsider
the vote by which it decided to group
the - small park projects under one
head, at the bond election..
City Council Doings.
Garden City Men'.- Will Wed.
SAN JOSE, April 4. — Two engage
ments are announced in which popular
young m^n of San Jose are to be the
bridgerooms. Leon Hlrsch, a young
business man, is to marry Miss Helen
Sampter of San Francisco. A recep
tion to the young couple .was- held at
the home of the bride's parents In San
Francisco yesterday. Leon . Hirsch Js
the son of Mr. and Mrs. P. S. Hirsch
of this city. The other Is that of
George RhieV whose marriage to Miss
Maude Farmer of San Francisco will
take place on Wednesday. Mr. Rheil
is the son of Adam Rheil, a well
known capitalist. IliPlpSl^
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 4.
Dr. Lyman Abbott, the noted New-
York divine, will speak before the
faculty and students of the Stanford
University at the regular university
assembly to be held Wednesday morn
ing, April 6. The subject of the ad
•dress is not yet announced.
Student* to Hear Dr. Ahltott.
SACRAMENTO, April 4.— There was
no perceptible increase in activities
in the building line to-day, despite the
fact that this was the time set for
both employers and employes making
a test in this regard.
President A. H. Starr of the Building
Trades Council announced that the in
dependent builders who organized sev
eral days ago and who will employ
union help exclusively had received
additional work to do, and now that
the fight has settled down tp one
wherein union help is to be employed
on one side and non-union help on the
other, he expected the relative strength
of the contending factions to be speed
ily shown.
Many of the non-union men. are now
working/on their, own account ¦ in va
rious branches of the building Indus
try, the painters and decorators having
considerable to ;do, President Starr
said, and when the independent asso
ciation commences operations on the
work it it is now figured on employ
ment will be found for men in all
branches.
Non-union men are expected here
from Los Angeles late this afternoon.
Hoard of Education.
OAKLAND. April 4. — Dr. W. J. Wil
cox was elected president of the Board
of . Education to-night. The board re
scinded, on motion of Director Isaacs,
all its orders touching compulsory vac
cination of public school children and
referreU the subject to the District
Attorney for an opinion concerning
the legal phases of the matter. For
the enlargement of the Polytechnic
High School site the board recom
mended the purchase of an irregular
shaped' piece of property of 'about
sixty-six feet frontage on Market street
and ninety-five feet on Myrtle street,
north of the present site . at ' Twelfth
and Market streets. This will be in
cluded in the bond issue scheme.
BOSTOX, April 4.— Samuel W. McCatl and
Charles F. Cbote Jr. were to-day appointed re
ceivers for the Union Trust Company, which
closed its doors on Thursday last. The trust
company's liabilities are placed at $1,600,000.
• HOLLISTER, April 4. — The Mount
Whitney Fruit Company of Oakland
will remove its plant and plabe of
business from Oakland to Hollister,
the people here having subscribed for
the required "0,000 shares. The com
pany is attracted to Hollister because
of the quality of apricots raised here.
Fruit Plant for IlollUter.
REDDING, April 4.— As a result ot
the" exhumation or "the body ~ot
Mrs. Frank Charles, her hus
band was placed in jail this morn
ing to answer to a charge of murder.
He is alleged to have caused his wife'3
death by beating her on the ." head.
Charles is a full-blooded Indian. His
wife was a quarter-breed Indian.
Charles wooed and won her at the res
ervation in Oregon, brought her, a
young girl, to this county to reside less
than a year ago. The couple lived on
| he McCloud River, -eight miles above
Baird. The neighbors claimed that the
husband beat his wife terribly. Final
ly she died. No one but the husband
was present. He buried her last Tues
day without formality of any kind. Ab
sence of a burial permit is not un
common among the Indians here, but
the cecrecy of the burial ''aroused the
suspicions of the neighbors, who de
manded an investigation by the au
thdrities. Coroner John Bassett ex
humed the body of the woman yester
day. Dr. C. A. Monroe conducted the
post-mortem examination, which show
ed death to have been caused by three
severe blows on the head with some
blunt instrument. Deputy District At
torney James ' C. Estep, who was one
of the party, ordered the husband's ar
rest. Charles, was brought to the
County Jail this morning.
. Such has been the result of all
clews so far presented. The detec
tives acknowledge that the case is a
hard one, but they, intend to work up
every point that is brought to their
attention in the hope that it may lead
to the apprehension of the bandits.
The detectives feel confident that the
men sought , are' local people and that
this district will never ' be ¦ free from
danger, of hold-ups 'until the men are
behind orison bars.
REDDING, April J.— The force of
detectives here at work on the Cop
ley- train ¦ robbery case still seem 'to
be groping in the dark. They are fol
lowing up every possible clew present
ed, but each in turn Vesults in naught.
The point uncovered Sunday concern
ing the purchase of dynamite by a
stranger at Anderson six days before
the hold-up was considered good by
the detectives, but investigation show
ed that the purchaser of the dynamite
was a responsible, farmer living near
Anderson, whom the salesman did not
happen to know. The purchaser
proved to the officers that he had a
legitimate use for the explosive.
Temporary insanity is supposed to
have been the cause of- the: suicide,
as the woman's mind ¦ has -been de
ranged for the last nine : months. The
deceased was a native" of England and
4 3 years of age. She leaves a hus
band. The inquest will be held next
Thursday. *
OAKLAND, -April 4. — Mrs. Emme
line Maud: Stokes '"committed 'suicide
early this morning at .her home, 1018
Twenty-faurth *treet,by taking a dose
of corrosive sublimate. • Dr. J. L.
Milton-was called and to him the
woman admitted' that she had taken
poison. '
Sirs. Emmclinc Maud Stokes Ends
Life -at Her Home With Cor- i, v
V: rosive Sublimate.
DRINKS DEADLY DRAUGHT
':V; : ".'.*. WHILE SHE IS .INSANE
Suspicion of Murder Is Con
firmed by Exhuming Body
of Mrs. Charles at. Redding
Union and Xon-Union Men
in Sacramento Are Plan
ning to Make Strength Test
Detectives Fail to Find a
Lead That Will Eesnlt in
Capture of Copley Bandits
SACRAMENTO, April 4.— The custom
of egg rolling on Easter Monday, which
has been observed for many years at
the White House in Washington, was
inaugurated in this city to-day by the
women of the Tuesday Club. The
scene of the egg rolling was Capitol
Park, and between 4000 and 5000 chil
dren took part. The lawns and terraces
ol the park presented an , animated
spectacle, and the young folks •njoyed
the pastime to the utmost. Among the
games played were blind man's buff,
where a child blindfolded touches one
of the players with an egg in his hand:
rolling eggs under ropes, catching eggs
after the manner in which children
standing in line usually catch a bean
l»ag. blindfolded children pinning an
ear on & rabbit and numerous pastime.*
new to the children.^ Jt is proposed to
observe the custom each year here
after.
To add to the pleasure of the egg
rolling party. President Roosevelt him
self directed that the Marine Band
should give a concert in the grounds
during the afternoon. The President's
young children and some of their play
mates also participated in the egg
rolling fun. To witness the sport Mrs.
Roosevelt invited the women of the
Cabinet circle and a party of her young
friends to the White House during the
afternoon. They viewed the sport from
the south portico of the White House.
After luncheon the President Joined the
party on the portico, remaining for a
time to watch the children.
WASHINGTON, April 4.— Hundreds
of children, of all colors and conditions,
participated to-day In the Easter Mon
day egg-rolling festival on the White
House grounds. The youngsters prac
tically had the grounds to themselves
and they enjoved the day immensely.
Ample police protection was afforded
the little guests of the President and
Mrs. .Roosevelt, and they were guarded
against every possible harm.
WASHINGTON. April 4.— The Geo
logical Survey will 6oon Issue its re
ports on mineral resurces for 1902,
showing that during that year,. for the
third time, the total value pf the com
mercial mineral products of the United
States exceeded $1,000,000,000. The ex
act figures? for 1902 were $1,260,635,415,
which, as compared with • $1.086,55*4, 851
in 1901, shows a gain of 16.02 per cent.
The fuels increased 52C.C67.743,' or « per
cent. Every variety of fuel increased
in value except anthracite coal, which
showed a decrease, in quantity of
23.301, SPO Ions: tons and in value of
?36,330,434. The metallic products in
creased J123.W2.325. and the non-metal
lic'products $50,072,089. To these should
be added estimates of . unspecified
product*. Including building, molding
and other mineral products valued at'
$1,000,000.
The iron ore output of the United
States has doubled. in quantity during
the past six years. During 1902 the
United States produced 35.554.135
long tons of iron ore, valued at $65,
412,950, mi increase of 23 per cent
over the production of 1901 and of
103 per cent over 1897. The most sig
nificant feature of the statistics of the
industry is that 10,272.780 .tons of
iron ore came from eight mines and
16,248,280 tons from eighteen mines,
the shipping operations of all of
which, with two exceptions, are lim
ited by climatic conditions to about
200 days annually. One hundred and
twenty-six operators produced 88 per
cent- of the product of the country.
Seventy-two operators produced over
100,000 tons each.
WIFE IS DEAD;
HUSBAND JAILED
SLEUTHS GROPE
IN THE DARK
Reports Show That 1002 Was
One of Greatest Producing
Years in Nation's History
Youngsters Have a
Time Kolling Eggs Near
the Presidential Mansion
BOTH FACTIONS
WILL BE BUSY
MINERAL VALUED
AT A BILLION
TOTS GAMBOL
AT WHITE HOUSE
Jihno Buripp Goes to a Summer Re-
Min on an Outing and Suddenly
Disappears.
SAN RAFAEL. April 4. — James
Buripp, a prominent resident of Mill
Valley, is reported missing. He has
not been seen since Thursday. Buripp
w'er.t to BoJinas. a summer resort up
the coast, last week on an fcuting trip,
Etopping at Dipsea Inn. He was last
peen there Saturday. He was accus
tomed to taking walks along the shore
line and it is presumed he fell over
the cliff and was drowned. A search
ing party has been out for two day?
scouring the mountains In the vicinity
of Bolinas lest Buripp might h|ve
vandered into some canyon and lost
bEAKCH IX)K MISSING
. MILJJ VALLEY CITIZEN
The opposition ticket will "be- h«a<led
fcy Professor A. E. Shumate, at pres
ent City Superintendent of Schools, lie
hue held his present positl<m for the
last two years and before this was
principal of the High School for some
years. Roy Walter, a newspaper man,
will be the candidate for City Clerk,
snd Joseph A. Lotz. for many years
County Treasurer, is in the light for
<Mty Treasurer. H. W. Otter, a hard
ware dealer, is the candidate for Coun
cilman in the Second Ward, and Dan
iel J. McGinley, a contracting painter.
will run for Councilman in the Third
-Ward. Councilman D. A. Porter, who
Is now Councilman in the Third Ward,
does not wish a renomination. All those
on the administration ticket, with the
exception of Wesley Pieper, now hold
«rffice. A. P. Murgrotten and Oscar
Dewey are circulating: petitions as can
didates for Treasurer.
SAX JOSE, April 4.— The city cam
paign for the election to be held on
May 16 is practically opened. All the
candidates who are seeking office have
their petitions out and they 1 are about
ready to be filed. Registration for the
election will close to-morrow night.
All the city oflicials are * asking to
be returned to office. These are Mayor
George D. Worewick, City Clerk Jo
seph A. Belloli, City Treasurer H. D.
Malhews, Councilman Joseph Carey in
the Second Ward and Wesley Pieper
tor Councilman in the Third Ward.
Si«Hia! U:?ratch to The Call
Taylor and Allison are members of
the old board, while Kearney and Alex
ander V are supporters of the Keamey_
plan. Madsen i? independent and yla
now in Europe. It is not known just
how he stands in the proposed Kearney
plan. The new board is evenly divided
and much depends now on who is elect
ed to fill the president's" chair. Many
arc watching with interest to see what
attitude the packers will take toward
the new board. They have said that
they would not deal with the associa
tion with Kearney at its head but will
buy outside. Many of the growers will
withdraw from the association should
Kearney make any headway in putting
hi? plan into effect. On the other hand
the Kearney supporters will not come
in if he does not have his eay in th-»
control of the association. The present
board, which appears to be a com
promise between the two factions, has
the salvation of the growers In its con
tiol and- the only plan that wlll..keep
the association together is compromise.
FRESNO, April 4.— The Raisin
Growers' Association held its regular
annual meeting this afternoon and
elected the following board of*directors:,
R. K. Mads#n, D. D. Allison,, M. Theo
Kearney, T. J. Alexander and ' A; V.'
Taylor. .
The. election was .the culmination of
one of the most strenuous fights in the
history of the association. For the fast
three months the growers have been
agitating the matter and the question
resolved itself Into a light for and
against M. Theo Kearney. It was
a Question of electing Kearney to act
as head^)f the association and accept
ing his proposed plan of the associa
tion owning its own packing plant and
the introduction of the, sliding scale,
into the purchasing methods of the as
sociation, or retaining the old board
and" continuing along the business
methods pursued in former years.' It
was Kearney or'anti-Kearney. Both
factions had tickets in "the field.
There were also two independent can
didates and a "co-od" ticket. •% '
Special Dispatch to The (fall
Members of the Present Ad
ministration Actively, at
::>Work to Hold Their Jobs
Disruption of the Associa-
1 1 ion. May Depend on t the
Selection of a President
Many visitors from San Francisco
and other towns were present to in
vestigate the machines in their prac
tical demonstration. Among them
were the Election Commissioners
from San Francisco. George P. Adams,
Registrar of Voters of San Francisco;
J. H. Zemansky. acting deputy Regis
trar of Voters of San Francisco;
Thomaa Maguire, James A. Devoto of
San Francisco and Cal Ewing of Oak
land indorsed the machine. Promi
nent politicians from San Jose and
members of the Board of Supervisors
were present during the day and ex
pressed themselves as convinced of
the practical value of the device."
Five machines have been On exhibi
tion here during the past ten days
and every opportunity has been af
forded voters to examine and become
thoroughly familiar with their work
ings and construction. The result was
shown to-day in an orderly handling
of the machines. The ticket was not
a large one. there being but nine can
didates to be voted for. The average
votor was able to cast his ballot In
about thirty seconds. At one pre
clnct eight men votod in five minutes.
The machines will be used in Palo
Alto in this county next week at a
municipal election, and in the one
precinct there more than 600 voters
SAXTA CLARA, April 4.— The first
election conducted west of the Mis
sissippi River by means of voting ma
chines was held here to-day and the
results were known .within fifteen
minutes after the polls/were closed at
6 p. m. ' General satisfaction was ex
pressed by experienced political man
agers regarding the use of the mechan
ical contrivance. Three of the machines
were in ust In the voting precincts
of Santa Clara and alf save accurate
results.
CANDIDATES ARE BUSY
John Roll, chairman of the Board of
Supervisors, this evening expressed
himself as fully satisfied with the man
ner in which the ejection was carried
out and remarked that he considered
the operation of the machines success
ful in all important particulars. The
rtsults of • the election shown by. the
machines is as follows:
For Town Trustee — D. O. Druffel,
448; L. M. Kimberlin. 397; A. B. Os
borne, 354. Town Marshal— P. J. Walsh,
183. Town Clerk— G. J. Fenton, 268.
Town Trpasurer— H. C. Mumford, 265.
School Trustees— J. C. Morrison. 313: G.
H. "Worall, 307. Superintendent of
Schools — A. L. Kellogg.
The vote on the proposition for a new
high school stood 350 for and 124
against. The vote on the subject of a
new charter was 345 for and 147 against.
Bix election officers were required In
to-day's election instead of eight as ifa
unual at all elections. •. Frank C. Jor
dan, clerk of the Supreme Court, who
13 the selling agent for the manu
facturers, was here during the day, but
\Vas taken ill and was compelled to
take a train for his home during the
afternoon.
are included. A representative of the
Board of Trustees of Palo Alto was
here to-day and took the actual time
occupied by the voters In casting their
suffrage. It ; was found that the ma
chines would enable the voters of the
Palo Alto precinct to vote without
difficulty or fear of overcrowding.
When the polls <JloserJ at 6 p..m. then
was a throng of interested spectators
at each of the polling places. The fig
ures automatically totaled were read
oft" and returns were posted within fif
teen minutes after the election was con
cluded. The county has fifteen of the
machines, which were purchased at a
cost of $10,000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
(jftmpaign in the Garden
City Promises to Be
: an Exhilarating Affair
TWO FACTIONS AT WAR
Fresno^ Capitalist Elected
to Raisin Growers' Direc
torate After a Hard Fight
Experiment With a Mechanical Contrivance ' for {he Regis
tration of Ballots at Santa Clara Satisfies an Interesting
Gathering of Political Men From a Numbsr of Cities
VOTING MACHINES WORK
PERFECTLY AT ELECTION
POLITICAL POT
BEGINS TO BOIL
FIRST INNING
IS KEARNEY'S
THE SAN FRANCISCO, vCALI;,, ; TUESDAY;>;- APRIU ¦: 5, : 1904.
'¦Bejt^ever^.so, humble "there ? is no
place' like^home,"Jand^ the; home, car^ '•¦be
furnished 'with v pretty .and ~ ? artistically
framed pictures at a" very moderate price
by -calling ; on: Sanborn, Vail' & Co., 741
Market street.': ; - - : " r ?•->
.OAKLAND.^ April 4. —'Edward
Thompson." the .'wealthy young man,'
who was ¦" found crawling ' into " the
house"6r Dr.' H: P. Carleton at 3 o'clock
one . morning, was to-day J turned '; over
by the court to" the "custody of his
guardian,, James ;Rankin, and, was re
moved'to, Dr. Gardner's sanitarium at
Belmont " • '"
Turned Over to Guardian.;
Hotel Proprietor's " Wife "• Dies.
SANTA- CRUZ, .'April 4.--Mrs \J., J.
C. Leonard, wife' of .the/pfoprletor bt
Hotel St. • George and .the} Sea . Beach
Hotel, died; this; afternoon after. a long
Illness., '•¦¦.--..: , "¦-;.'. '.'.'.¦.,,*.., '. ,'¦ 'v
CHICAGO." AprilM.— Herman Pach
tel. who ha<JL played T leading - roles in
various stock companies in Milwaukee,'
Chicago arid'^dther cities, died at the
St. Charles ; Hotel; to-day -V Death was
due to' heart disease. '
Heart • Disease I Kills Actor.
OAKLAND. April 4.— Mr. and Mrs.
Michael Day! tt to-day > left for the East
on their way; tq'.thelr home .'in ; Ireland:
They were brought outv here- by -the
troubles 'over the estatfe : of- M rs.V Mary
Canning, who was .an aunt of -Mrs.
Davl tt. ;' Everything is' now harmonious
and they, are: returning* home. -
The Davitts , Leave Oakland.
2
SEETHE CALL'S
CLASSIFIED COLUMNS
TO-DAY FOH
Business s Chances.
Employment Wnnted (Male).
Employment Wnntcd- ( Fe-
male). I
•Help Wanted (Male).
Help Wnntod (Female) 7.
Lost and Found..
Miscellaneous Articles ' fop
Sale.
Roonis to /_ Let— Furnished
nnd Unfurnished..^-, y\
'-. Houses to Let-- Furnished arid
Unfurnished.:
, Misccllaiieoiis Wants.
Meeting Notices/^
Rooms for.- Housekeeping:.'' "
Tills., will , not only Interest
those ; out of work,; but those de-';
siring tb Iriiprov6 their positions
as wellJvHBjBfll
ADVERTISEMENTS.
?<^<J>-»<g>-a^-eH^av<g>^)-»^>-a^^J>-e-^^
Another Cause of High Bills
I and Poor Light
%*, Wv / % A FLAME LIKE THIS IN PI-
/ W* CATES THAT THE GAS
\/ y^ BURNER NEEDS CLEANING.
Q$ CALL AT THE .
Information Bureau, Gas Company's Office
* FOR A* CEEANER. ' i' ¦**«?•• i
DE. ~SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
Will You. Write a Postal
-'! So i Sick One May Get Well?
Se nd no iMOnrv— limply « aoctal tart, rtvtwf rtw ajftt*
•(•on* ont who needs help. Tell me the book totend.
Tl>«n | mill do thi»;— I will arrancrr with a drufihil
M*r him «o that he may <ake til bottje* Dr. Shoop'"
¦ Kfitctitw He may take It a month at my cuk. - (I
. J» »u«*«d». «he to«i la U »o tl it (alia, tha drurr.M
• ill bill the co«t to m? . .
• Thtt month* Mt will ahew you what tht rctnarfy ea»
. «e It H the caiwtt way to convince you.^ .-It U \ht
only way to induct all «+i« need help to aeeept it. '
I Mu thit effer to multiply my cure*, and I am «ill-
•nc «• cmat the cured onei to be ialr »nh nc.
Im the past it fttn I have tansithed my Keau>rad««
to hondradt «f niovaanda of tick one* on iusi thoae
term*. «w!»<hii at 46 have paid rladly. because they
Sot »rll • I pa« iuhi as KilltncU when one utjr* I hav*
tilccl - *.-• ¦ . . ¦ . •
'lite twnrty it my dlacovrry, the result at a ttfetima'4,
work 4 have perfected it by watrtiinf remits in thoo-
• un&nA the Meat difficult caaea tliat plirsici»M e>xr
< meet I ktio» «<h*i It «SII d» - . . J • J.
' My aucceaa comet trom strenrtlieninr weak inafatt
' nerve*, and <ny Keatoratrve is the only remedy that doea
that. Whe* an crr»n is weak I bnns backdate nerve
power whico alone operates every vital erfan. It u like
rivinc aa csrtne more ateam. 1 civc ttia weak orrao
povct to do M* doi», and there is no other way to snake
' a ««elk err* o writ. j • -
Ctn roc conceive d • tick one who will net Joet eoch
- • treatment. whe& f ttke the entire risk?
.¦ •¦ ': Beck 1 en Drcpeptla.
Simply *tatr which Book 2 on the Heart,
bock you want and Bock 3 on tb* Kidney*.
fccx 6C30. Racine, f ° f Me "
Book 6 on Kheurr,s titm
Mild caeca. -. not chronic, are often cored
»Jtb out or two bottles. A.t dru^liu'.
AND— OTHERS.
The better class of druggists, everywhere, are men of scientific attainments and high integrity^]
who devotfj' their lives to the welfare of their fellow men in supplying the best of remedies and
purest medicinal agents of known value, in" accordance with physicians* prescriptions and
scientific formula!. Druggists of the better class manufacture many excellent remedies, but
always under original or officinal names and they never sell false brands, or imitation medicines.
They are the men to deal with when in need of anything in their line, which usually includes
all standard remedies and corresponding adjuncts of a first-class pharmacy and the finest and
best of toilet articles and preparations and many useful accessories and. remedial .appliances.
The earning of a fair living, with the satisfaction which arises from a knowledge of thebenenta
conferred upon their patrons and assistance to the medical profession, is usually their greatest
reward for long year3 of study and manyhours of daily toil. They all know that Syrup of
Figa i isan excellent laxative remedy and that it gives universal satisfaction, and therefore they
are selling many millions of bottles annually to the well informed purchasers of the choicest
remedies, and they always take pleasure in handing out the genuine! article bearing the^full
nama of the Company— California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package.
They know that in cases of colds and headaches atUnded by biliousness and constipation and
of weakness or torpidity of the liver and bowels, arising from irregular habits, indigestion, or
over-eating, that there is no other remedy so pleasant,- prompt and beneficial in its effects as
Syrup of Figs, and they are glad to 6ell it because it gives universal satisfaction.
Owing to the excellence of Syrup of Figs, the universal satisfaction which it gives and the
immense demand for it, imitations have been made, tried and condemned, but there are
individual druggists to be found, here and there, who do not maintain the dignity and principles
of the profession and "whose greed gets the better of their judgment, and who do not hesitate
to recommend and try to sell the imitations in- order to make a larger profit. ' Such preparations
sometimes have the name — "Syrup of Figs"— or "Fig Syrup" and of some piratical concern,
or fictitious fig syrup company, printed on the package, but they never have the full name of
the Company— California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of the package. The imitations
should be rejected because .they are injurious to the system: In order to sell the imitations
they find it necessary to resort to misrepresentation or deception, and whenever a dealer passes
off on a customer a preparation under the name of "Syrup of Figs" or "Fig -Syrup," which
does not bear the full name of the California Fig Syrup Co. printed on the front of the package,
he is attempting to deceive and mislead the patron who has beeh.^o unfortunate as to enter hjs
establishment, whether it be large or small, for if the dealer resorts to misrepresentation and
and deception in one case he will do so with other "medicinal agents, and in the filling of
physicians' prescriptions/ and should be avoided by every one who values health and happiness.
Knowing that the great majority of druggists are reliable, we supply the immense demand
for our excellent remedy entirely through the druggists, of whom it may be purchased every-
where/in original packages only, at the regular price of fifty cents per bottle, but as exceptions
exist it is necessary to inform the public of the facts, in order that all may decline or return
any imitation which may be sold to them. If it does not bear the full name of the Company-
California Fig Syrup Co.— printed on the front of every package, do not hesitate to return the
article and to demand the return of your money, and in future go to one of the better class ot
druggists who will sell you what you wish and the best of everything in his line at reasonable prices.The View From the Window.
If you' •would like to know what sort o{
country the Southern-Union ; Pacific -.Overland
Limited , passes ' through* on the way to Chi
cago or St. Louts you should fret "Sights and
Scenes From the Car* Windows,'.' in . which
you will flijd: pretty picture* and graphic . do
scrlptione. • A»k . S. P. ¦ Booth, Gen.: Agent .U.
Jf. R. B.. 1 Montgomery etreet, Ior a cooy.. •
WASHINGTON, April 4.— Secretary
Hay has Instructed by cable Embas
sador McCormick at St. Petersburg
and Minister Conger at Peking to take
immediate steps to secure the release
of the two American newspaper cor
respondents now held by the Russians
at Newchwang. The news that the dis
patch boat has been released, as ca
bled last' night, has not been official
ly brought to the attention of the State
Department. •
Secretary Hay acted upon advices
from two sources. Consul General
Fowler at Chefu and the proprietors
of the Chicago Daily News. ' The lat
ter reported that their correspondents,
Washburn and Little, were arrested at
the entrance of Newchwang. harbor on
their dispatch J>oat, the Fuhwan, a
British craft; that their two Japanese
servants were thrown in jail and that
the correspondents were saved from
the same fate only by the energetic ac
tion of Miller, the United States Con
sul there.
SECRETARY HAY
SEEKS RELEASE
OF WAR WRITERS
JAPANESE FACE
DIFFICULT TASK
AT .¦.¦.NEWCHWANG
It Is generally believed that the
Japanese will not attack Newchwang.
It is thought that their opportunity
has passed. The Russian forces are
ready and prepared to defend the
place. The task of the Japanese, if
they should be eventually " t successful,
is becoming dally more difficult;
TIENTSIN, April 4.— It is stated
that Viceroy Alexleff, who for the past
four days has been at Port Arthur on
a visit of inspection, has found every
thing highly satisfactory. The dam
age done by the Japanese fleet is said
to have been insignificant. Viceroy
Alexieff will return ta Mukden to-mor
row. ¦ V
The coal sales of the Haiplng Min
ing Compftny for the past week show
a record . of more than 22,000 tons,
which, considering the' existence of
war, is regarded as highly satisfac
tory.
BEQUESTS : BKITISH
TO; EETIEE FROM
SOIL OF TIBET
GURU, - Tibet, April 4.— The British
mission to Tibet/accompanied by Col
onel ¦. Macdonald's v flying column, ar
rived this afternoon. A Chinese general
from Lassa. visited .Colonel Young
husband and requested that the, mission
withdraw.
PARIS,*. April 4.— A dispatch to the
Temps from. St. Petersburg says/the
fighting in Tibet has revived irritation
throughout Russia. The British^-ex
pedition is 'considered to be "a hostile
act against Russia,'; which cannot.per
mit Great Britain to ¦ become mistress
o* the Tibetan capital, because she thus
would 'acquire • a :: preponderating - influ
ence over the: Russian Mongols. '.{''
Playing. Cards^Garno Counters, Poker
Chips; Dominoes.' Chess^ Checkers/ "Pit,"
¦"Flinch."-: -Air of -the new games and. the
rules for playing, them. Sanborn,\VaiH&
Co.; 741; Market st, ; ¦; ; ; -:. * _
ST. PETERSBURG, April 4. — The
Russian newspapers continue to dis
cuss the possible Anglo-Franco-Rus
sian entente favorably, while at : the
same time sharply criticizing the Brit-
MOSCOW, April 4.— The Gazelle
publishes a historical review of the
Russo-American relations, concluding:
"Henceforth the Americans will be
styled the ungrateful Yankees."
WASHINGTON, April 4.— The S^ate
Department has received the following
cablegram from McCormick, the Amer
ican Embassador at St. Petersburg:
"A rumor concerning a possible dem
onstration against the Jews at Odessa
having reached me, I communicated
with the United States Consul there,
asking him if It . were well founded.
He replied to me as follows:
" 'Reports of anti-Jew r ish demonstra
tion are not unusual at this season of
the year. Owing to the occurrence of
last Easter, the Hebrew population is
exceedingly nervous; but, with so en
ergetic and humane a man as Governor
Niedhardt in charge in the city and
with Baron Kaulbars as commander
of the troops in the southern country.
I should regard a serious outbreak of
any kind as Impossible.' During the
present week the officials newspapers
have contained notices to the public,
warning those who disturb the peace
that they will be dealt with severely.' "
MOSCOW EDITOR
' SAYS AMERICANS
ARE UNGRATEFUL
ish Tibetan expedition. For instance,
the "Novoe Vremya declares Great
Britain's seizure of Tibet Is bound to
cause throuble for Russia, but it fol
lows this declaration with a significant
editorial on the falsity of sentiment
in politics, in which the point Is made
that Russian assistance to the United
States at the most critical period in
her history availed her nothing, and
that the real interests of Russia and
Great Britain now call for an under
standing.
The Novosti favors an alliance,
pointing out as a basis that Russia
wants ports on the Pacific, an opening
on the Persian Gulf and the free pas
sage of the Bosphorus, for which Rus
sia will guarantee Great Britain peace
in India.
The . Svet alone is. bitter, declaring
that Great Britain's diplomatic mission
to Tibet is unmasked, having become
one of bloodletting, showing that
Great Britain is profiting by Russia's
attention being occupied elsewhere.
Captain of Volunteers Voronezh,
who has returned .to . Odessa from
the Far East, in an interview charges
that the British at Singapore tried
their best to betray him to the Japan
ese.
VICTORIA, B. C April 4.— R. L»
McGowan, an American businss man.
who has spent many years. among the
Russians, both in Europe and Asia,
arrived by the steamer Agamemnon
from Yokohama. He says that nothing
but a miracle can save Russia from
humiliation and disastrous defeat at
the hands of the Japanese. Russia's
army,' navy and civil service are hon
eycombed with corruption and mutiny
to an extent utterly beyond belief. The
Trans-Siberian Railway is a complete
failure. The Japanese know to a
nicety Russia's strength in East Asia
and count upon a six years' war. They
know the Russians have no supplies
and cannot get any except by driblets
from Europe.
WASHINGTON, April 4.— Another
war canard, having for its object the
widening of the breach between Rus
sia and America, has been exploded.
Some days ago a British correspon
dent sent an account of the hauling
down of an American flag by the
Russian authorities In Newchwang and
the story was given wide circulation
in the press of Europe and this coun
try. It was followed the next day by
another to the effect that an apology
had been made to the American Con
sul in Newchwang and the flag re
hoisted with proper ceremony. '
An official of .the State Department
said to-day that Consul; Miller at
Newchwang had reported no occur
rences of the kind mentioned, but, on
the contrary, cablegrams received from
him as late as yesterday stated that
his relations with the Russian authori
ties were most cordial and that the
latter were showing great considera
tion in the treatment accorded for
eigners.
The account of the hauling down of
the flag evidently was manufactured
out of whole cloth.
AMERICAN FLAG : >:
NOT HAULED DOWN
IN NEWCHWANO
HARBOR ENTRANCE
AT PORT ARTHUR
IS NOT BLOCKED
*
LONDON. April 5.— The correspond
ent <jf the Standard at Tokio reports
that the Japanese correspondents at
the front, who followed the army
through the Chino-Japanese war, ex
pi'CFs prcai surprise at the Improve
ment of the Japanese troops in the
rast decade. The improvement is nota
ble alike in equipment, organization
and discipline, and more especially in
the educational standard of the men.
The Poet's Tc-kio correspondent says
Japanese torpedo-boats scouting at
Port Arthur discovered unencumbered
a channel 130 yards wide, which still
admits of the passage of vessels.
The Times correspondent, at sea on
April 4, in a wireless message via Wei
balwei says:
"I am cruising in the vicinity of Port
Arthur and have discovered no evidence
<jf vessels of either belligerent. The
Impression is paining pround that the
Russians were not totally phut in by
the Japanese attack on March 27."
The Times' Chcfu correspondent says
the Liao River is extensively mined
and that twelve stone laden junks are
ready tor pinkinp at the entrance to
the river at a moment's notice. The
puns of the Russian gunboat Sivoutch
have been rcshipped
Persian Prince to Firlit
BLAGOVESHCHENSK. Siberia
Aj>ril 4. — The Persian Prince Mansui
Mirsa,,xvho will be attached to th*
Amur Cossacks, has passed througl
here on his way to the front.
?
Korean Declines an Ofllci
SEOUL, Korea. April 4. — Hyun
Y»>ng Un. who was recently appointed
Korean Minister to Japan, has de
»lined to accept the office.
SHANGHAI. April 4.— A letter from
Kobe, Japan, says that the, Japanese
Government has 260,000 troops in mo
tion and fully 60,000 additional' men
under arms in garrisons and depots.
This is exclusive of the third army
reserves, numbering 120,000 men, who
have not yet been called out. The
exact number of the troops which have
already departed, for certain destina
tions is unknown, but the entire first
army corps has been landed and estab
lished, in Northwestern Korea, with
Chenampho as its main base. The
general staff still carefully guards its
plan of campaign, but It Is generally
believed it will operate three armies,
nominally of 100,000 men each, the
second landing west of the Yalu River
and the third east of Xewchwang.
The latter two landings can be easily
accomplished, for light cruiser squad
rons can protect both movements. It
is believed that the landing of a heavy
force of men west of the mouth of the
Yalu will force the Russians to aban
don the fortifications which they have
been erecting north of the Yalu for
the purpose of opposing the crossing
of the first army from Korea.
It is expected that the three great
forces could then operate in conjunc
tion, the third army corps swinging
eastward from Xewchwang, seizing or
cutting the railway, then engaging in
a turning movement against the main
Russian position.
The Japanese Government is con
fident that the Russians will be unable
to transport sufficient - supplies to
maintain In Manchuria* a' force larger
than 300,000 men,' heavy detachments
of which will be necessary- to guard
the railway and bases of supply, re
ducing the fighting force to the neigh
borhood of 200,000 men.
Japan has been requisitioning thou
sands of horses and it is probable that
a considerable detachment of cavalry
will accompany each army corps. The
horses of the cavalrymen seem in
ferior, but the officers say they will
satisfactorily accomplish any work
mapped out for them.'
Much Japanese artillery is depart
ing for the front. It seems light, but
it. la believed they have a number of
heavy batteries equal In range to the
best modern field artillery. Japan also
possesses a large 1 number of excellent
mountain batteries, which In a rough
country will give them a distinct ad
vantage over the Russians in this re
spect.
It seems certain that Admiral Togo's
failure to effectively dispose of the
Russian fleet at Port Arthur has de
layed land operations. A general thaw
is now proceeding in Korea and Man
churia, which renders the roads of
both countries impassable, so that it
will be impossible to conduct active
operations until the ground hardens.
Epw'Jal Cable to The Call and New Tork Her
aJd. Co:iyrlrM. 1!XH. by the Xew Ycrk
Herald Publlshine Company.
PARIS, April 4. — A military expert
thus discusses the Far Eastern situa
tion in this morning's Paris edition of
the Herald:
"All dispatches agree in stating
that the Japanese army concentrated
toward Anju is making a movement
toward the Yalu. driving before it
weak detachments of Cossacks, who
are retiring on its approach, but keep
ing In contact with it.
"The main column, which follows
the chief road, will have occupied
without serious resistance Siengchen
and Tchyalsan and will be more than
fifty kilometers from Wiju. which is
said to have been put in a state of de-'
fense by the Russians. If credit is to
be given to news, which seems prema
ture, of a Japanese army of 105,000
men. they must have succeeded in
shipping them toward the mouth of
ihe Tavangho, in front of Takushan,
in spite of the breakers which line the
coastr and they will be already on the
march toward the northwest, striving
lo reach Xewchwang, or they must
have Joined hands with another army
of invasion that has come from the
southwest. Allowing for . the part
played by the Imagination, which
must have given birth to this strategic
conception of such great energy, it
must be admitted that the Japanese,
though they can scarcely have been
able to disembark on the east side of
Liaotung Gulf, will doubtless make an
attempt to throw one or more army
corps into the bay of Korea toward
the point where the Tayangho dis
charges itself, in order lo take in the
rear the Russian troops defending the
Yalu or to aim at Tuiyan and Hai
rheng for the purpose of marching on
Llaolo paralleled with the army of
Anju.
"The Russians will probably hold
back from accepting a decisive battle
until after they have drawn this army
upon their own chosen field near the
line of Mukden, LJaoyang and Hai
cheng. which serves as their base of
operations, and this supposition re
ceives some support from the report
that a Russian army is concentrating
exactly between these two last named
towns.
"This point really commands the
two most direct roads which ko to
ward the mouth of the Yalu and al
lows General Kuropatkin to dispose
all of his forces so as to crush any at
tempt at disembarkation toward Yin
kow and any Japanese corps that may
have succeeded in landing farther
south on the peninsula of Kwantung."
TOLSTOI GRIEVES
OVER WAR SPIRIT
OF HIS PEOPLE
PARIS, April 5.— A correspondent of
the Figaro cables an interview with
Count Tolstoi. on the subject of the war,
in which the author declared that the
first duty of thinking beings was to
abolish war. He refused to admit that
a Russian victory would mean the
spread of civilization, and said he was
not convinced that civilization was
found in Europe merely because the
Europeans had created artificial needs,
such as railways and telegraphs, add
ing:
"It is not by these modern Inventions
that we must judge the development of
the human mentality."
Asked whether he bad not made some
reservation on the subject of the prac
tical application of the ideas which he
preached, Tolstoi said:
"To be auite sincere, I am not en
tirely freed from the notion of patriot
ism and I feel that It persists, despite
myself, owing to atavism and educa
tion; but when I examine my funda
mental duty I eay unreservedly that
no reason In* the world stands before
the reasons of humanity, arid my con
science tells me that slaughter, under
whatever pretext, is execrable; that
war is a monster scourge, and that
everything leading to war is to be utter
ly condemned."
— •
JAPANESE NAVAL
HERO TO BE GIVEN
PUBLIC FUNERAL
TOKIO. April 5. — The fragment re
mains of Commander Hirose, who was
killed on March 27 in the second at
tempt to "bottle up" Port Arthur, ar
rived at Toklo to-da'y ,wilh a naval
escort. A throng of people were in
waiting at Shinbassi station and the
multitude silently uncovered when the
flag-covered box was carried out. A
number of naval officers escorted the
remains to the late residence of Com
mander Hirose. In their bloodstained
uniforms some of Commander Hirose's
comrades accompanied the coffin and
were presented to the kinsmen of the
dead officer. There will be a public
funeral.
FATE OF MISSIONARIES
IN KOREA CAUSE
FOR ANXIETY.
NEW YORK, April 4.— Mrs. N. F.
Scranton, a missionary to Korea of the
Woman's Foreign Missionary Society
of the Methodist Episcopal Church,
who is now at home on leave, received
a letter to-day from Miss Josephine O.
Paine, principal of the Methodist Girls'
School at Seoul, dated March 1. The
letter says in part: • *
"First, about our Pingyang mission
aries. The women and children have
everything packed, ready to leave as
eoon as they can be brought away, but
as yet a transport can go no farther
north than Haichou. Dr. Allen, the
American Minister, says if it lyecomes
necessary he will have them come over
land to that place and have the trans
port meet them there. On \ Saturday
morning the Japanese met a number
of Russian scouts somewhere near
Kija's grave, near Pingyang, but they
retreated as soon as they were fired
upon. The Japanese are keeping the
ground warm between here and Ping
yang. Every day for more than two
weeks they have been pouring into
Seoul, and every morning for the past
week or ten days they have been leav
ing for Pingryang.
"We 'are feeling a little anxious about
the people at Siancheng. Dr. Allen
telegraphed for the women and chil
dren to go to Pingyang. They tele
graphed back for coolies and said they
must bring their food to last going
and coming. Dr., Allen has word that
Miss Kearas and Miss Samuels have
reached Pingyang, but as yet Mrs.
Koss, Mrs. Sharrocks, their* four chil
dren and Miss Shields (these ladies are
Presbyterian missionaries') had not yet
arrived. • -
"Seoul is full of Japanese troops.
They are even quartering them on the
Koreans. In all the large houses the
women have been put in the back
rooms and the front rooms have been
given to the soldiers. I do not need
to mention prices, for we are paying
war prices. About the 1st of January,
when Miss Frey and I saw what was
coming, we bought rice and beans
enough to keep the school children from
being hungry until late in the spring.
Ou»*. storeroom is in a very good con
dition, which is fortunate, as the stores
are already running out."
NO LIKELIHOOD
OF DEmXSTFiATIOX
AGAINST HEBREWS
Three Japanese Armies
to Operate in the
War Zone.
Military Expert's View
of Far Eastern
Situation.
»
PARIS. April 5. — According to the
SL Petersburg correspondent of the
Echo de Paris. General Mlshtschenko
and Colonel Pavloff have telegraphed
General Kuropatkin that they will dis
appear for some time with their Cos
eackp, but will soon reappear at a lo
cality which is kept, a secret.
The St. Petersburg correspondent of
the Petit Parisien says that, accord
ing to advices from Port Arthur, the
Russians have laid many submarine
mines at the mouth of the Yalu River
and the Liao River. He adds that the
general staff has ordered the arming
of the forts and batteries at Libau
and that the measure has caused great
excitement in that district.
The Tokio correspondent of the
Petit Parisian eays that the exodus
of the Korean population along the
Japanese line of march is encounter
ing great difficulties and that the Jap
nnese Minister at/Seoul is doing his ut
most to restore the confidence of the
Koreans.
ST.. PETERSBURG. April 4.— As
the " time ' approaches for the opening
of land operations on a large scale the
Russian .'authorities are exercising
greater vigilance to prevent the news
of their plans going abroad, where it
might be of service to the enemy. For
ten days not a scrap of information
has been given out or. has come from
the front. There practically exists an
embargo upon news dispatches, those
coming through being colorless and
devoid of importance. Information
regarding what. is actually occurring
is being well concealed. It is as if an
impenetrable curtain had suddenly
been rung down on the stage of the
war in East Asia. .
Behind this curtain the greater ac
tivity prevails. General Kuropatkin,
at his temporary headquarters in
Liaoyang, is directing the execution of
his plans, moving the troops, strength
ening the positions selected, oiling the
wheels of the commissariat and quar
termaster departments, perfecting the
hospital service and otherwise looking
after the organization and Innumera
ble wants of the army in the field.
When the prologue is over and the
real developments begin the curtain
which shuts out the view of the spec
tators will rise and not before.
¦ PLANS OP KUKOPATKIX. .
General Kuropatkin's plan of cam
paign is in the keeping of those
who Will betray nothing. Only the
barest outlines are known, the rest
is pure guesswork. . That the general's
plan of compalgn has been worked out
and that;, as previously stated in these
dispatches,, it involves the playing of
a waiting game until the disposition
of the army has been completed can
be stated positively. It can also be as
serted that these plans are progress
ing even more rapidly than was ex
pected. Every day is now considered
a distinct gain for the Russians and
a distinct loss for the Japanese. For
this reason it can be confidently pre
dicted that the Russians will not do
more than harass the Japanese ad
vance in Korea. The gradual with
drawal of the Russians does not mean
anything as determining the fighting
capacities of the men of the respective
armies, as this is part of the Russian
tactics.
The melting of the snow In the
mountainous country will render Im
passable in the syring the. roads over
which the- Japanese must come, | and
this Is considered - to be almost as
effective an opposition as would a Rus
sian army corps.
EXPECT FLANK ATTACKS.
The Russians also count on a Japan
ese flanking movement In connection
with"-' a frontal attack and, therefore,
a Russian force has been disposed
along the Tumen to prevent the en
trance of a Japanese column there.
Another' flanking movement is expect
ed at the head of the Liaotung Gulf,
near Newchwang, and everything there
is being prepared to receive the enemy;
but for the present the Russian mili
tary authorities believe that the Jap
anese game at this point has been
blocked by the failure of the enemy to
blockade and render immovable th«
fleet of Vice Admiral Makaroff, which,
while free, will be too great a menace
to the movements of Japanese trans
ports in the Gulf of Pechili. Another
effort to block Port. Arthur is conse
quently expected dally.
One of the principal reasons for Vice
roy Alexleff's visit to Port Arthur is
understood to have been a desire for
a conference with Vice Admiral Maka
roff with a view to frustrating these
plans, and all possible precautions have
been taken. Indeed, it is hinted in
high quarters that the next time the
Japanese appear off Port Arthur they
will find a surprise awaiting them.
HARBIN AN ARMED CAMP.
A correspondent en route to the front,
writing from Harbin on March 13, de
scribes the scene there as he observed
it. ¦ ,
From all sides soldiers were pouring
into Harbin, the uncompleted railroad
station being transformed Into a bar
racks, Tvhile almost every house in the
town was occupied by soldiers.
Prlstan, a short distance away, "which
until recently had been a small village
on the bank of the Sungari River, had
become a city with temporary build
ings which were being used by the
troops and with stores and restau
rants.
The snow-fllled streets of the two
cities were f thronged "by picturesque
Cossacks, bearded Siberians, sharp
shooters and galloping . orderlies, all
imbued with the fever to get to the
front. Merchants »¦ and restaurateurs,
the correspondent adds, were accused
of extortion, but money was .cheap.
Spring was coming in, though violent
snow storms continued to rage.
Russian Horsemen Will
Depart From the
Main Army.
Kuropatkin Now Ready
to Resist Invasion
of Manchuria.
Japanese scouts have occupied Wiju. which is on the cast bank of the . Yalu River". and "only a few
miles from Its mouth. Apparently the Russians have withdrawn to the west side of the river,, thus leav
ing the Jflkado's forces In complete control of Northwestern Korea.
In a dispatch to a London newspaper It Is reported that the Japanese fleet renewed the bombard
ment of Port Arthur on Sunday. No details are siven and no confirmation of the report has come from any
source.
Since General Kuropatkin's arrival at Liaoyang the Russian censors have placed an embargo upon
all news concerning the movements of troops. Kuropatkin is rapidly arranging for the carrying' out of his
plan of campaign. Tort Arthur has been strengthened and Xewchwang's defenses have been put into con
dition to withstand attack. Each day of Japan's delay in striking a "decisive blow Is proving of inestimable
advantage to the Russians, who have been enabled to complete the mobilization of their forces. Bad roads,
incidental to the spring thaw, are hampering the Japanese advance through Western Korea.
The commanders of two bodies of Cossack horsemen operating with this Russian army on the Yalu
River Informed the commander in chief that they are about to embark upon some secret mission, which will
necessitate their absence for some time. These two forces have the status of- raiders, whose present duty is
to harass the Japanese advance, and their leaders are permitted to operate on their own initiative without
being hampered by orders from headqnarters. It is probable that some flanking movement is to be attempt
ed against the advancing Japanese. .
China, through one of hrr generals at Lassa, has made a formal request .to the commander of the
British expedition that he withdraw his force from Tibet.
The report that Russian authorities hauled down an American flag in Ncwchwang is now declared
to have boon without foundation. No report of the alleged occurrence has reached the State Department
in Washington.
MAIM FEATURES OF THE DAY'S WAR NEWS.
DESTINATION
OF CAVALRY
IS A SECRET
DELAY AIDS
THE RUSSIAN
COMMANDER
COSSACKS ON THE YALU BXVER PLAN MYSTEEIOUS COUP
THE SAN -FRANCISCO' CALL;. TUESDAY-^ APRIL, 5, 1904;
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
If ono can have a Wcll-Bala need
Constitution without taking
PILLS
All people subject to Bilious attacks,
or who suffer from Stomachic dis-
orders, should never be without a box
of BEECHAM'S PILLS.
Their gigantic success and genuine
worth are known all over the world,
and the proof of their excellence lies
in the fact that they are generally
adopted as the Family Medicine after
the first trial.
BEECHAM'S PILLS
by their purifying effect upon the
Blood, cleanse and vivify the entire
system, causing every organ of the
body healthfully to continue its al-
lotted function, thereby inducing a
.perfectly balanced condition, and
making life a pleasure.
BEECHAM'S PILLS
maintain their reputation for keep-
ing people in Good Health and
Good Condition.
BEEGHAH'S PILLS
have stood the test of the most
exacting experience through many
years.
Sold Everywhere
In Boxes, fOc. and 25c
Dr. Lyon's
PERFECT
Tooth Powder
AN ELE6ANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BV
£ ._
Flavoring extracts arc gen-
erally fictitious or weak ; Schil-
ling's Best are true and full-
strength.
L Your grocer's; money back.
- SEE THE CALL'S
CLASSIFIED COLUMNS
TO-DAY- FOR .
v Business Chances.
Employment Wanted (Male).
Employment Wanted (Fe-
male). , ',
Help Wanted. (Male).
' Help Wanted '(Female).
Lost and Found.
Miscellaneous for
Sale. .
Rooms ;.to Let— Furnished
arid Unfurnished.'
Houses to Let—Furnished and
Unfurnished. *
3Iiscellaneous : Wants.
Meeting Notices."
I looms for Housekeeping. '.'¦¦
This will not only interest
those out of work, but those de--
siring to^Improve their positions,
as,- well. , 2 ' ; '•'¦'
AD VZETISZMENTS.
Sale of Bath Robes
I iiiH "^^^^^ I
Manufacturer's sample line
used by his salesman. Being.^am- J^ ; ;,.. fe ( &$&l!Jm $ :
pies, they are necessarily well \^ g fc'f'lw^a
Purchased by us for one-third , '^Q
to one-half their wholesale value. : V^0l] "fJ^lf^^^
Sold to you at the same saving. *|^ ' 'rm^$Wzw&
Some are made of blanket ma-
terial, with striped borders; oth- R|: -
ers are made of heavy all-wool {^f^S^^^^»l*5
nals, browns, etc.. in small and lar^c '-¦¦ vi
figured effects. All sizes. * ': f^i^''^^'-' '"¦¦ ¦' TJ^jf
$2.<>."> robes arc worth $4 to $6.50 . '-$Zj£&?&*&g££fi m ''-^^M.'
$4. So robes are worth $7 to $8.50 Xpw'^W^^ :
I Mail Orders filled— write at once. '^^I^^^^M
740 Market Street 4KK&rT\ :
A-PASTOR'S1WFIEp^?S^
sleep soon improved us, so that we fji§s|iip5»^^^^^^^^^
" I wculd not be without Peruna *&e&!SsS25-&!^Jt*. h *&fZ&Ms£SZ2£
for fen times its cost"— Mrs. Anna mbs. awsa b. ctehabtt.
B. Flebartv ' \
£ y Mrs. Esther M. Mllner. DeGraff, Ohio.
\vhat used to be called female diseases writes:
Sdvlc'cSSrh* 1 ft^Twn^nT k^ "I was a terrible sufferer from female
nerTenr^^,/t ontLrhli IfJlo^Il «r y ?£ weakness and had the headache contln-
Selvfe orrani «™ thJ ?!£,«£ «-» Vlt uously. I was not able to do my house-
offema^f diseases work for myself and husband. I wrote
tC u abases. t c . vou and described my condition am near
¦ Dr. Hartman was amongr the first of as possible. You recommended Peruna.
America s great physicians to make this r took four bottles and was completely
discovery. • For forty years he has been cured. I think Peruna a wonderful medl-
treatingr diseases peculiar to women, and cine." — Mrs. Esther M. Milner.
long ago he reached the conclusion that Congressman Thad M Mahon of
a -woman entirely free from catarrhal chambeSe Pa writes- Manon. 01
affection of these organs would not be Chambersburg. Fa., writes,
subject to female disease He therefore "/ f aJ fr 0 pleasure in Commending
began using Peruna for these cases and r •*
found it so admirably adapted to their your Peruna as a substantial tonio
permanent cure that Peruna has now be- , , , jut
come the most .famous remedy for re~ and a good catarrh remedy. — /.
male diseases ever known. Everywhere u u k
the women are using it and praising it. ">• manon. %
Peruna is not a palliative simply: it If you do not derive prompt and sati*-
ctires by removing the cause of female factory results from £he use of Peruna.
disease. write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
Dr. Hartman has probably cured more full statement of your case and he will
women of female ailments than any be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
otlier living physician. He makes these vice gratis.
cures simply by using and recommending Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
Peruna. Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus. O.support a man of ordinary size in the
water. . ,.,..'-. ;.,, . . , , ..-¦-
Chango in Time.
Commencing Sunday, April 10. Sunset Lim
ited train No. 10 will leave Third and Town
send etreeta depot at 6:15 p. m. Instead of
* d. m. •
Englishmen in Queen Elizabeth's
time dined at 11 a. m., .and Shakes
peare rang up the curtain at the Globe
Theater at 1 p. m., the performance
ending between 5 and 6 o'clock. By the
time of Charles II dinner had advanced
to 1 o'clock, and the play began at 3
p. m., as Pepys records. A century
later Horace Walpole complained . of
dinner bcinsr as late as 4 o'clock and
evening not' beginning until 6 o'clock.
*\fp to the middle of the last century
the theaters opened at 6:20, dinner be
ing proportionately earlier.
Proper Hour to Dine.
The Second, Unitarian Church, cor
ner Twentieth and Capp streets, an
nounces evening services during ;the
month of April,, with a- special series
of lectures on, popular, themes by the
minister. Rev; Jay ,/William Hudson.
The subjects are: April 10, "The Amer
ican as a New World Product" ; - April
17, "The Most Remarkable Woman in
the World's History"; April 24, '/A
Civilization Without, War; Is It Desir
able ?^JSKBHbHMHHIBb?!:-'' •.'"-¦• .
Series of Lectures.
EAST LIVERPOOL. Ohio. April 4— The
Cecrge C Murphy pottery war destrojned t>j'
fire to-night. Loss $1U5,WIO; insurance ema".
Judge Hanford of Seattle had found
Lawyer- Robertson and Marie Carrau
guilty of contempt of court for hav
ing, disregarded a restraining order
prohibiting them from setting up any
claim under the nuncupative will of
John Sullivan, deceased, in any court
whatever except an appellate court. of
the United States. On March 2 of
this year' Miss Carrau and Lawyer
Robertson appeared In the Superior
Court of King County, Washington,
and petitioned for an -allowance for
costs and moved to dismiss the case
for want of prosecution. For this
breach of the court's order Judge
Hanford fined them $1 each and costs.
Sullivan left a will bequeathing the
bulk of'his estate, valued at $£00,000,
to Miss Carrau. who had been his
teacher in the French language. Rel
atives of Sullivan are contesting, the
will. i' •*
Judge J. W. Robertson of Washing
ton applied to United States Circuit
Judge Morrow yesterday to hear the
argument on his application to the
United States Circuit Court of Ap
peals for a writ of habeas corpus on
behalf of himself and Marie Carrau.
Judge Morrow refused to take up the
matter because the Court of Appeals
had adjourned until May 2 and he
continued the hearing until May 9, at
which time the Court of Appeals will
be in session. , .
Judge Morrow Declines to Take Up a
Halx-as Corpus Matter in the
Sullivan Contest.
MARIE CARRAU MUST WAIT
UNTIL THE COURT MEETS
PANAMA. April 4— Th»» railroad switchmen
have Joined In the strike of th» railroad labor
er*. VnitPd States mariiip?! will lie landed on
th* wharves and other Tiroperlj- which the
Vnited Stat«» sre now patrolline.
The Somali camel will eat everything
and drinks nothing.- It will make a
meal where even the ' country pony 1
would starve. Daremo, mimosa, aca
cia — all come alike to it; ' and when
shoots and leaves are withered it can
fall back on roots, thorns and h^rk.
That sort of digestion makes it, of
course, valuable in a- country where
the bill of fare seems compiled in the
Interest of the carnlvo,ra, but its indif
ference to liquid Is its especial virtue.
While the Arab camel needs drink
daily, his Somali brethren when on
the march are watered only every fifth*
day, and when drought prevails may
be left for ten. When grazing they are
supposed to be watered every sixth
day, but such regularity depends on
the energy of the herders and the con
dition of the grass, the herds when the
grass is green .being often left without
water for as long as three months.
Uses of the Camel.
Many stories are being told of the
lay* General Gordon, most of them re
lating to his chivalry and gallantry to
women. A correspondent of the Kan
sas City Star writes that he will never
forget the general's reply at a recep
tion in London once, when asked if
¦he had time to be introduced to some
ladies. "Time to be introduced to la
dles?" came the gallant retort, "I
would have time for that if I were on
a cavalry charge." Another story, told
by the same correspondent, quotes the
general's comment upon seeing the
picture of "Napoleon's Coronation" at
Versailles, where the Emperor takes
the crown from the Pope after he has
blessed it, and, first placing it upon his
own head, then places it upon Jose
phine's, saying: "Josephine, I crown
thee, also." General Gordon said:
"The greatest military genius of the
world, but he threw away the love of
a devoted woman, and his evil genius
pursued him ever after."
Chivalry of General Gordon.
LONDON, April 5— The Times' cor
respondent at Wellington, N. Z., says
that the expedition conducted by the
Royal Geographical Society's steamship
Discovery has made important geolog
ical discoveries, including sandstone
and fossil remains of dicotyledonous
plants at an altittfde of 8000 feet, show
ing that the Antarctic once enjoyed a
milder climate, probably in the miocene
period.
Discoveries in Antarctic Seas
SANTA CRUZ, April 4.— Rev. F. M.
Washburn, who for the last ten years
has been pastor of the Congregational
church at Poquel, tendered his resig
nation yesterday morning. The an
nouncement came as a great surprise
to the congregation. Rev. Mr. Wash
burn has business interests on Puget
Sound that need his attention.
Santa Cruz Pastor Resigns.
SAN* JOSE. April 4.— Tobe Lord, one
of the most popular men in San Jose,
died at his home at 521 South Tenth
Ftreet shortly before 12 o'clock last
right. Deceased was a native of River
Falls, Wis. He was born November 3,
3S56, and came to California in 1887.
Since that time "he has been engaged in
the livery business in this city. At the
time of his death he was a member of
the firm of Lord & Westlake and eon
ducted a large stable on Xorth San
Pedro street. He had been sick for
some timp and his illness is attributed
to an attack of fever he contracted in
Oregon three years ago. A widow and
four prown children survive him. The
funeral will be held to-morrow after
noon.
Death of Sjm .lose Uverynian.
TACOMA, April 4. — Dawson dis
patches state that Edward J. Hill,
who for a number of years was a res
ident of Fresno. Cal., died there last
week of heart failure. Hill was in ap
parently g-ood health up to the time of
his death. He owned No. 57 above
the Bonanza. The funeral will iji all
probability be held by the Woodmen
of the World, of which Hill was a
member.
Edward .1. Hill, a Well to Do Miner,
Is Stricken by Heart Disease
at l)a«>on.
FOIUIEK FRESNO CITIZEN
DIES IN THE FAR NORTH
SEATTLE. Wash.. April 4.— Advices
from Nome, Alaska, under date of
March "4. recpivd here to-day, state
that the spring clcan-up of gold on the
N'ome peninsula will be greatly in ex
cess of any previous season. Conser
vative estimates place the clean-up at
51.250,000.
Amonnt of Metal - Pound Near the
Alaskan Camp I^anrcr Than '
Ever Before.
MILLION AM) A gi'ARTEK
THE CLEAN-UP AT NOME
Officers have been elected by the
following labor unions for the current
term of six months:
Boot and Shoe Cutters' Union Xo.
239---President, Vincent Stevens; vice
president, Owen Toohey; recording
secretary, William Murray; financial
secretary, William Dickerson; . treas
urer, John Hooley; conductor, Joseph"
Feeney; sentinel, M. Murray; delegate
to Labor Council, William Bolll; ex
ecutive committee, U. Guillemard,
Adam Smith, William Brill. Howard
Gillen and George Harris. The anni
versary ball is to be given Saturday
evening, April 30, at Teutonia Hall. *
Boot and Shoe Workers' Union Xo.
216 — President, Charles Woodali; vice
president. Edward Weaver; recording
secretary, Miss Annie Gill; financial
secretary. George Gallagher; treas
urer, Edward Walsh; conductor, A.
Mullaney; sentinel, W. Comer; trus
tee, Miss Annie Gill;' executive com
mittee. Charles Larsen, William Ba
con, W. J. Dwyer, M. Benton and J.
Donohue; delegates to Labor Council,
Walter Walker, George Gallagher,
William Roach and H. Gallagher;
delegates to labor committee, Charles
Woodali and J. Donohue. The union
subscribed $20 a week while members
ot the Xapa uni&n are on strike. A
ball is being arranged for Saturday
:ii(k,ht, April 16, at Alcazar building.
The electrical union workers of this
city threaten to walk out unless a
higher scale of wages is granted them.
The men assert the money paid them
is not in keeping with wages paid
other skilled laborers in this city.
While they have made no regular de
mand to fix a schedule as yet, it is
evident that they will demand an in
crease, which, if not granted, will lead
to a reference of the question to the
executive committee of the Labor
Council. , •
Claim Their Salaries Are Xot in Keep
ing With Pay ot Other Skilled
laborers.
KL.ECTRJCIAXS MAY DEMAND
HIGHER SCALE OF WAGES
NAPA, April 4.— This afternoon Bern
hardt F. Seifert, the eight-year-old son
of Mr. and Mrs. J. Seifert of 24 Oak
street, fell into Napa River and was
drowned. He and Ralph Townsend,
aged four years, were playing on the
bulkhead of the California Wine As
sociation's cellar, just north of the
steamer St. Helena'^ landing. Young
Seifert lost his balance and fell into
the river. Ralph tried to assist the
young boy, • but not being able to do
so. ran away and informed the men on
the wharves. Bernhardt sank imme
diately and did not come up. The
body was recovered in about twenty
minutes after the accident occurred.
Acting Coroner R. W. McKnight held
an inquest this afternoon. The jury
found that Bernhardt Seifert came to
his death by accidental drowning.
TraK"' Ending Tomes to Afternoon
Frolic of Two Xapa
Lads.
SMALEi BOY FALLS INTO
RIVER AND IS DROW.VED
TACOMA. Wash., April 4.—Dis
patches from Dawson state that Bishop
Bryant of the Catholic church has ar
rived there from the mouth of the Mac
kenzie TUvcr and reports that the entire
village population of Eskimo?. number-
Ing 200, have died of black measles in
its very worst form. Lack of provi
sions, due to the scarcity of caribou
and other grarne last summer, hastened
the death of many.
Virulence of Disease I« Attributed to
Scarcity of Came I*ast
Summer.
HLACK MEASLES ItAVAGK
ESKIMO POPULATION*
HON'OL-ULU. April 4.— When Judge
Kalua of the Second Circuit Court.
Maul, received the report of the De
partment of Justice at Washington on
the charges brought against him he
adjourned his court and postponed the
civil and criminal rases before it until
June «. The report did not recommend
that the Judge be removed from office
at present, but declared he should not
b^ reappointed at the expiration of hi«
tertB. which is June 5.
The attorneys on the postponed cases
objected to the Judge's action on the
ground that it was an abuse of his dis
cretion and w«*re thereupon threatened
by Judge Ka'.ua with contempt pro
ceedings and imprisonment. They will
send a cablegram to Washington ask
ing that a successor to Judge Kalua
be appointed without loss of time. It
Is reported that Treasurer Kepoikai
I'robably will succeed Judge Kalua.
Thf> Maui circuit is at present with
out a court.
It is the theory of the police that
powerful "dope" was administered to
both iust before they entered the cab.
An autopsy on Tetze revealed that
death was due to some peculiar poison:
The deceased was a well-known
Houston citizen, but there is no infor
mation as to the identity of his com
panion.
Upon- arriving: there neither alighted
and the cabman, investigating, found
both sitting rigidly in their seats, Tetze
dead and the other unconscious. Phy
sicians, after two hours' hard work,
resusritated the unknown man, who
immediately disappeared, and the offi
cers have been unable to get any trace
of him. It is believed that he left the
city to avoid the investigation.
HOUSTON, Tex.. April 4.— This city
has a cab mystery that is engaging the
attention of the police and the shrewd
est detectives. Shortly after midnight
this morning Herman Tetze and a com
panion entered a cab to go to Tetze's
home.
Special Dispatch to The Call
As Many Cases Are Pending
Immediate Selection of
Successor Will Be Urged
Comrade of the Unfortunate
Disappears as Soon as
He Recovers His' Senses
ATTORNEYS INDIGNANT
VICTIM OF A POISONER
Judge Kalqa Adjourns Court
When He Learns That He
Is Not to Be feeappointed
Found Lifeless With Uncon
scious Companion When
His Home Is Reached
MAM JURIST
SHOWS ANGER
HOUSTON MAN
DIES IN A CAB
GARDEN CITY MAKES READY
FOR FESTIVAL OF BLOSSOMS
BET ON RACES
STIRS A FUROR
Elaborate Preparations Being Made by the Women's Club of San
Jose for a Floral Fete That Promises 'to Eclipse in Gorgeous
ness All Events in Similar Character in Santa Glara County
+ . . . , — ! . ! . — : _ — . _ — . — 4.
Millionaire Gay of Los An
geles Is Accused of As
sault With Deadly Weapon
A Camera Photo
graphs 31iss Alice Roose
velt at the Beiiuings Track
PRESIDENT IS ANGERED
NEGEO IS HIS ACCUSER
Causes Suppression of the
Snapshots and Sends His
Daughter to New York
Aged Servitor Swears That
the Capitalist Attempted
to Put End to His Life
Special Dispatch to The CalL
TO RAISE MONEY TO PAY
DEBT OX PARISH SCHOOLS
SAN DIEGO. April 4— John H. Gay,
the millionaire, owner of much realty
in this city and Los 1 Anseles, who has
been before the courts of this county
as a defendant In one of the most sen
sational divorce suits that has ever
been tried here, is now a defendant »ri
a criminal action, which was com
menced to-day in Justice Andersons
court on complaint of Ell Smith, his
colored servant for the past five or six
years. , ,-•''• ~*
The charge is assault with a deadly
weapon, to wit: a revolver loaded with
powder and ball.
After Gay was arrested and brought
into court late this afternoon he de
pcsited cash bail to the amount of J2000
and was permitted to return to his
automobile and start for his handsome
brownstone residence on upper Fifth
street without hindrance from officer
or jailer.
It seems that the alleged assault oc
curred yesterday morningr. When Gay
was at the breakfast table, according
to the story of the complainant, some
thing occurred which did not please the
millionaire, and hot words were fol
lowed by an altercation, in which Gay
used both a revolver and a cane. The
revolver did no damage, though the
bullets flew in the direction of the col
ored servant. Gay's aim was better
with the cane. He landed on the back
of the servant's neck a blow that nearly
floored him and incapatiatefl him en
tirely for some minutes.
There i§ a variance in the reports as
to the number of shots fired. The
colored man claims that two were fired
before the cane was used and one
afterward. Another without
definite source, has it that three shots
were fired after the cane was used.
Smith, with the assistance of another
servant, managed to get. to a dactor's
office, where his Injuries were attended
to. The blow landed on, the first
dorsal vertebrae and appears to have
ha dthe effect of partially paralyzing
the complainant.
Smith is close to 70 years of age and
had been in Gay's employ for about
five years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, April 4.— Miss Alice
Roosevelt went to the races on Satur
day. She made a bet on a race.
A photographer pictured her in the
act of. giving money to a commission
er; of showing her winnings triumph
antly to Representative Gillett of Mas
sachusetts; of giving money to Repre
sentative Longworth of Ohio, presum
ably to be wagered, and in two groups
watching the horses running.
The results are manifold. Miss Koose
velt has been packed off to New York,
to remain until the-Tacing season ends.
Miss Roosevelt drove over to Ben
nings on Saturday with a party of
friends. Representative "Nick" Long
worth of Ohio was her especial escort.
Longworth comes from Cincinnati and
is rich and handsome. He is a great
favorite in the set of the President's
daughter.
She went to the club house as a guest
of President Howland of the Washing
ton Jocke'y Club. There were betting
commissioners at the clubhouse. Miss
Roosevelt wanted to bet. She did not
make big wagers and everything was
done in the exuberance of her lively
girlhood.
In some way the news reached the
President that pictures showing Miss
Roosevelt at the racetrack had been
taken and offered for sale.. He made
a" hasty inquiry, found that five pic
tures had been printed and sent out
friends to stop, their publication. He
was successful, for to-night the pho-'
tographer told^ everybody to whom he
had offered the pictures that he would
not sell them.
He said he had been paid -nothing by
the President and that he would , not
take any money, but the President's
friends had made it so clear to him
that Miss Roosevelt's lark misht be
vrongfully construed if the pictures
were printed that he had decided to
sacrifice whatever profit there might
be in it and suppress the pictures. He
said he would not take $10,000 for the
pictures, simply because he thought it
would be an injustice to the President
and to Miss Roosevelt to have them
printed.
The President had a serious talk with
his daughter. He told her to go t-j
New, York on a visit and not to return
until after the races. She left, at .11
o'clock this morning.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Federal Departments Make Postal
' Changes in California and Wash
ington and Issue Xa^al Orders.
WASHINGTON, April 4.— Changes:
Fourth-class postmasters — California-
Jessie, San Diego County, Susie F.
Helen, vice James, Frazl er». resigned. «
Washington— Lucas, Klickitat Coun
ty, Nathan H. Lamb, vice Samuel Lu
cas, resigned; Oakville, Chehalis Coun
ty, Dexter Newton, vice P. S. Austin,
resigned.
Navy orders— Assistant Paymaster N.
B. Farwell, detached from Pensacola
Naval Training Station, San Francisco,
Cal., April 2, 1904, to Supply. : <
Former San Franciscan x\rre*s ted.
: NEW TO-RK, April 4.— Arnold W^eber.
a young Italian, wasl-arrested by the
immigration authorities at Ellis Island
to-day on the charge of having fraud
ulent naturalization papers in his p"os
sesaion. If the story he tells is to be
believed some Chicago officials have
been making citizens of foreigners
some of whom have not been in this
country the required time. Weber says
he formerly lived in San Francisco.
Young Folks of St. Rose's Church Will
Give Entertainment and Conceit
. Aat Xative Sons' Hall.
-.An entertainment and concert will
be given at Native Sons' Hall on the
evening of April 6 by the young folks
of, St. Rose's Church. • The proceeds
will be applied on the debt on the par
ish schools. A most attractive pro
gramme has been prepared for the oc
casion. The- entertainment is in
charge of the following committees:
Arrangements— J. A. Sullivan, Charles
C. Sullivan, D. R. Casey, F. C. Shaugh
nessy, I. O'Doherty, Miss Etta Brack
en, Miss Anna Derby. Miss Catherine
Casey, ¦ L. Gehrig, Miss Anna Dooley,
M.' Casey. Miss Gertrude Kilgarlff.
Reception— Miss J. Savage, Miss E.
J. Barry, Miss May Noonan, Miss Mary
McBride, Miss Nellie Beard, Miss
Catherine Kelly, Miss May Heilman,
Miss Frances Barr, Miss Lorretta Barr,
Miss Anna Thompson,, Miss Cassie
Brown,,, Miss Catherine Palmer, Miss
Theresa Claffey, Miss Mamie Kelly,
Miss Esther. O'Hara, -Miss Mary . Fa
bian, Miss, Eva Loughrani Miss Fan
nie. Brown; "box office, James'Gildea;"
door, R, D. Casey.
The programme is as follows: Over
ture, Misses Gehrig and Giorgiani;
fancy dance, Elsie Warner; recitation,
Miss Margaret McKeown^ Farce, by
members, entitled "Two Puddifoots"
(under direction of Miss Margaret
McKeown) — Puddifoot Jr., J. A. Sul
livan; Puddifoot Sr., J. J. Richard
son; Buffles, F. C. Shaughnesay; Peg
gy, Miss May Kelly; - Mrs. Figsbee.
Miss Mary Fabian; Carolyn. Miss Mae
Heilman. Selection, Billy Hynes; cy
cledom race against time, Fred West
and F.G. McLaughlin: song, "Till We
Meet Again," Choral Society (under
drection of Miss Eleanor Gehrig).
Sweet Is Grand Rapids Mayor.
DETROIT. Mich., April ,4.— In the
city^ and township elections through-^
out the State to-day interest centered
in the contest at Grand Rapids, be
tween Edwin F. Sweet (Democrat)
and S. Wesselius (Republican) for
Mayor. Sweet was elected Mayor by
700 majority. Local conditions gov
erned the elections everywhere.
Millions for Rivers and Harbors.
WASHINGTON, April 4.— The House
Committee on Rivers and Harbors to
day completed its bill making provision
for emergency river and harbor work.
The bill makes a lump sum appropria
tion of 53,000,000 to be expended by ths
Secretary of War for the restoration
or maintenance of channels or of river
and harbor improvements established
or made by the Government. No single
improvement shall be allotted a sum
greater than $50,000.
("ourt Sustains Maryland Statute.
WASHINGTON,, April 4. — In an
opinion by Justice Peckham the Su
preme Court of the United States to
day sustained the Maryland statute re
quiring voters moving into the State
to sign a declaration of their intention
to become citizens as a prerequisite to
the exercise of the franchise.
Flowers of the Arctic.
Dr. Schei. the geologist — a member
of the last Sverdrup Arctic expedition—
recently delivered a lecture'before the
Geographical Society in Christiania op
the vegetable life of EHesmereland, in
78 to 7!> degrees of northern latitude and
separated from' Greenland by Smith
Sound. During the summer tracts uf
the lowlands are covered with Arctic
tlowers. A mountain slope of one ot
the bays was completely covered with
the /Violet-colored, flower stalks/ of the
species saxlfraga oppositifolia. In thp
recks remnants of plants were discov
ered, the species of which to-day are
found In much warmer climes^-for in
stance, in Australia.
Wai-s Do Xot Snreatl,
Although reasoning from analogy Is
an imperfect method of arriving at the
truth, unless thousands of cases may
be examined, yet it Is an encouraging
thought that none of the wars between
the. powers during the last fifty years
has spread beyond its original limits.—
Chicago Tribune. • -r?. ?. r
Three Ancient Puebla Indians.
Three Puebla Indians in the town of
Yeleta, Tex., have just made oath be
fore the County • Tax Collector that
they are over the ape at which one is
exempt from the payment of poll tax.
One swore that he was 102 years old,
another that he was 112, and another
that he was 116. Jose Piarrote is the
man who says he is 116 years of age
and Jesus Guitterez is the man claim-
Ing to be 102. - There- is a record of
Piarrote's birth in the ancient mis
sion church here.— St. Louis Globe-
Democrat. , -, '-. : . .
PERSONAL.
Dr. G. D. Marvin of Agnew is at the
California.
Dr. H. F. Askance of Mountain View
is at the Palace.
State Senator P. J. Flanigan of Reno,
Nev., is at the St. Francis.
T. B. Caldwell, a banker of Omaha,
arrived at the Palace yesterday.
Frank Flint, the well-known attor
ney of Los Angeles, is in the city.:
T. F. Dunaway, general manager of
the Nevada, : California and Oregon
Railway, is registered 'at the Palace.
J. A. " Murray; a banker and heavy
realty owner of Butte, Mont., is among
the latest arrivals at the Palace.
. H. , M. Yerington, manager of the
Virginia" and Truckee Railroad, is
down from Carson City and staying at
the Palace.
Brooks Adams of Boston, the well
known "writer;. whose latest work, "The
New Empire," hfis attracted wide
spread interest, has been a guest at
the St. Francis for several days. ;
Adolphus Busch, the millionaire
brewer of St. Louis, accompanied by
the members of his" family and several
friends, arrived here yesterday from
Southern California in a private car
and registered at the St. Francis.
Mrs. ; John' Morrisey," wife of the
well-known manager of the Orpheum,
will leave Thursday .for St. Louis,
where sHe will visit ' relatives and at
tend the opening; of the great exposi
tion. Before returning to San Fran
cisco Mrs. Morrisey .will make a tour
of Eastern citiesi, "She will be gone
about .ten weeks. /
Calif ornians in New York.
NEW YORK,; April 4;— The follow
ing Calif ornians have arrived : |
San Francisco— -W. H. Avery, at the
Holland ; E. R; Ellis^ at the St. Denis;
J. Felgenby and wife, at the Bartholdi;
F. Patterson and wife,, at the Gilsey
House; E. H. . Pea body, v at the Im
perial; ' B.' . Reynolds, at the Hotel
York; B. Gordon, at the Albert.
; ,' Los Angeles-— H. Laughlin Jr.; at the
Herald ; Square; ;.; A'. . L'.;'; Levy..' and wife,
Miss M. Leyivat ''the, Imperial.
.Loses Wat ch : In Saloon.
,' : Matthew,' Johnston,: a plumber resid-.
ing '"- at? 318 i Sixth ; street. Oakland, re
ported to t.the I police last evening : that
a j pickpocket had relieved him of -*a
silver Swatch * valued at ; $20 ; in the Ava
lon''saloon, Clay and, Kearny, streets.
Lecture on "Mormonisni.*!
. Mrs. J.B.i Hume will, give her ad
dress :v oh ' "Mormonlsm";>v to-morrow
night at Calvary Church, Jackson -and
Fillmore streets. • '
FIRES BULLETS
AT A SERVANT
THE SAN FRXNCISGO-^GAtL, TUESDAY^PRIL^-1904.
. Scenic-Treasures; of Most
complete souvenir bobkever issued. 'Price
75c. -"Mexican Hand Carved Stationery":
60c. per -'box.' Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. • • -
ST.: LOUIS. April 4.— The Chief , of Police Is
sued orders to-day preventing* the ' fight sched
uled for to-morrow between Jack ¦ O' Brlen - of
Philadelphia and Jack; Sullivan. 5lt ' was - an
nounced that the bout will take place April 14.
NEW- HAVEN, Conn., i April 4.— Under the
will of ¦ Mrs.: Anna Sophia ; Farniim, widow of
Henry: Farnum, formerly a : professor In -Yale,"
the University^ is .given $90,000.
, Superior Judge Cook made the final
distribution of plunis from the estate
of the late- Charles L. Fair yesterday
after the administrator, Hermann
Oelrichs, . had been' examined. For
tunes in fees* were awarded the .law
firms of Lloyd & .Wood . and Knight &
Heggerty. - Rich as were these legal
prizes, their giving, will occasion but
little drain orj the estate, which | is of
such magnitude that the cutting^ of a
few competencies but of it for, 'legal
services will hardly rleave a. mark.
: j The firms named put in .claims for
$100,000 each. Judge Cook said. that
while they had safeguarded the inter
ests of , the estate for itwo years and
had.each saved it more than, $100,000,
he would allow only $75,000 in each
case. '-. ¦ ¦¦. -...¦>...;.-• i,. ,
. Attorney- Knight said -there, would
be.no contest of the Judge's order, and
it was enterfdUn therecords. •'•:• .
Firms; of Lloyd & AVpod aiyl Knight
& Heggerty Each Awarded Half
That 'Amount.
FAIR MSTATE LA WYERS
V ARE ALLOWED $150,000
The parade will.be arranged in seven
divisions, under command of Mrs. F.
H. Patterson, the .grand 'marshal. A
feature of the parade; will be fifteen
floats representing children's classics.
In the afternoon at the Agricultural
Park a . fine programme of events has
been arranged. It will include horse
racing, a battle of flowers, baseball,
winding up with a grand floral tourna
ment, in which 200 cavaliers, mounted
on superb chargers and known as the
Knights of the Orchard, will partici
pate. This will probably be one of the
most picturesque events of the day. In
this tournament the cavaliers will dash
gayly by the grand stand, from which
fair women will throw floral :wreaths.
which the knights will • attempt- to se
cure on the ends, of brilliant, silver
spears.
SAN JOSE, April 4.— Great prepara
tions are being made for the Festival
of Blossoms to be held here on Thurs
day. To-night over 10Q of the leading
women of this city aie busily engaged
in decorating floats, carriages, traps
and automobiles with flowers of every
hue and variety. The vehicles will be
in the parade on Thursday morning.
The members of the Women's Club
are the promulgators and have full
charge of what promises to be the
most brilliant fete ever given in this
city. " Tons of flowers have already
been sent to the committee. Deft fin
gers will weave these into all sorts of
fantastic designs.
Mrs. W. C. Kennedy, president of the
club, has charge of the affair. She will
be assisted by Mrs. W. B. Hill, com
mittee of tribunes; Mrs. James H.
Campbell, committee on decorations,
and Mrs. K. O. Smith.
Special Dlspa1&h,to The, Call
MEMBERS OF -COMMITTEES IN 1.
CHARGE OP FLOWER FETE AT .
SAN JOSE." ' ¦: , [
4
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
$1,500 a Year for Life
For your wife is a much better legacy than an active bunnets which she must truif
others to conduct, or an estate which bad investments may -soon- wipe out. *:>.
- -L r Phii^delphia, Pa.; June a6, 1003.
The Mutual Life Iwsuxakc^ Company of New Yoac ¦ . . .
¦ Dear Sirs— I am in receipt of check for the first payment ia settlement of
Policy No. 685, 2F9, on the continuous instalment plan, which was issued to Mr.
Morse (Henry G. Morse, President New York Ship Building Co.) through you '- ''£ttwt
in March. 1895. Of course what I particularly like about this contract 19 that ;
no matter how long I live there will be paid me on the 25th day of June
Believing that no investment in Mr. Morse's estate Ruarantees such a sure
income- as this policy,! take great pleasure in giving it my unqualified . • ¦
endorsement. Very truly yours, Majlt K. Moxse.
This Company has returned to policy-holders over
; . 62O Million Dollar*
Write for sample ; policy. ¦ »
""' MUTUAL LIFE
I N S U R A N C E C O M P ANY- O W
-NEW YORK -«
America RICHARD A. McCURDY. President World
STANLY FORBES, Manager,' San Francisco, Cal -
DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
if \^^s*Z^^ xroman ever sold
• luxuries of life.
But many a woman who has gladly faced
poverty for the man she loven, may well
/doubt her wisdom when pain becomes
the mate of poverty. If she were rich,
she thinks, she could find a way of cure.
Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription is.
within the reach of every oce. It lifts
the burden of pain. which weighs down
those who suffer from womanly diseases.
It establishes regularity, dries, weak en-
ing drains, heals inflammation and ul-
ceration and cures female weakness.
•Von h«»e ray heartfelt thanks for your kind
•flvice to me." write* Mr*. Geo. Flrtcher, of xot
Victoria Avenue, Gait. OnUrio. "Was troubled
with catarrh of trterun for orer a year. The
doctors said I would have to go through «a op-
eration, but I commenced to use Dr. Pierce'i
Ravorite Prescription and • Go2den Medical Dis-
coverv." also bi» j Lotion Tablets* aad 'Antiseptic
and ficalicg Suppositories.' Now I am com-
pletely cured, cllcr using six bottles of Dr.
J*ierce's medicines. I am glad to say bis medi-
cine has made me a new woman.?
Weak and sick women, especially those
Buffering from diseases of long standing,
are invited to consult* Dr. Pierce by let-
ter, free. All correspondence is held
as strictly private and sacredly" confi-
dential. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
Buffalo. N. Y.
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets are easy
mnd pleasant to take, A most effertivr
laxaUre.Spenks Before Great Crowd in the
Alhambra and Shows Scenes of
/ Love and Sorrow.
Commander Booth-Tucker, his lit
tle daughter, Motee Booth-Tucker,
and his brothers, and sisters of the
Salvation Army that accompanied him
from the' East, met with a hearty wel
come.in/the Alhambra Theater last
night:-" ¦/ - ¦-,.¦¦ . _ . : ./'¦¦ ¦' ¦> / ;, .
/ There were others than the army
lads /and - lasses there, numerous
fashionably, attired men and women
being iri' the. enthusiastic assemblage.
The commander showed ! ; some realis
tic stereoptlcon views, "Pathetic
Scenes, of Love' and Sorrow," and
there were -interesting tableaux illus
trating the / labor /of. the \ workers.
' "Turkey/Point" Billy Smith, a one
time pugilist,' who tells ' that in . Chi
cago four years ago he met In' fistic
encounter /Terry /McGovern :and'. lost,
besides having ; met other, distin
guished ¦/ lightweights : iii : combat, is
now' amongr/the , converted and ; he '". and
his, wife are ¦ stanch members v of the
army.- , • ././ . 4 " . ' ' ' ,/
Smith said last night that God had
called him to/ do his work, and he
never was so" happy and contented as
now. , . %'.) ';'¦"'/;¦..¦ ' ; \. ••;. .¦-/ : '- •' • ¦ . : '
* .', To-night ; Commander, Booth-Tucker
wllligive an/ illustrated' lecture at the
Chinese' Baptists Church. -
Trunks, valises >and all leather goods
lettered in rold free of charge. Received
in carload lots and sold at f carload prices.
Sanborn. Vail & Co..'741'Market st. •
'/A 'delightful .-; vaudeville entertain
ment"" was . given last night at Mission
Turn Verein; Hall. by McDonald booth,
St. 'Charles fair.' The hall was crowd
ed .and 'the ¦/performers /won well
earned plaudits' 'for the success of
their efforts. ".'.; '.v ¦¦'•
Gives Enjoyable Entertainment.
COMMANDER BOOTH-TUCKER
GIVEN A WARM RECEPTION
Helen Doctur, a colored woman,
surrendered herself to Patrolman
Coleman last evening and asked to be
locked up. She said she had shot a
woman In Cleveland, Ohio, for alienat
ing her husband's affections and de
sired to be taken back for trial. Cap
tain Martin ordered her locked up un
til the authorities in the Eastern city
can be communicated with.
Surrenders Herself to Police.
Carr's connection with the case grew
out of the arrest several days ago of
Seymour Miller of 1527 Minturn street,
who was endeavoring to sell one of the
stolen cameras!. When arrested he said
he had purchased the instrument from
Carr. The pawnbroker denied all knowl
edge of the sale, but later admitted he
had made it- Church upon being ar
rested confessed he had sold his loot
to Carr and that the latter said he
would secure him a position In a hard
ware store, where $5 worth of goods
could be stolen dally and the proceeds
of their sale could be divided between
them.
Carr will be arrested to-day on
charges of receiving stolen goods and
failure to make an entry In his books.
Church is wanted for stealing $160
worth of silk and shawls from Miss B.
Lindner of 11 £0 Guerrero street on De
cember 1L 1903; for deserting from
Troop A, Fifteenth Cavalry. U. S. A.,
on November 20 of the same, year; for
swindling several sporting goods firms
out of revolvers, and for victimizing
two photo supply houses out of valu
able cameras.
With the arrest of Morris Church,
alias Bernard Spies, by Detectives
Ryan and Taylor the police claim to
have brought to light a hitherto un
known "fence" in the person of H.
Carr, a pawnbroker at 516 Dupont
street.
Crimes, Says H. Carr Acted
as Fence.
Morris Church, Arrested for Many
POLICE SAY PAWNBROKER
RECEIVED STOLEN GOODS
The California State Association of
Optometrists held its quarterly meet-
Ing at the California Hotel last even-
Ing. Charles H. Wood of Oakland
presided and William E. Hess acted as
secretary. The principal business dis
cuEssed was the arrangement for a
serie? of lectures 5n the near future.
Optometrists Meet
"Thomas McCusker, contracting
freight agent of the Southern Pacific
at Portland, Ore., one of the Grand
Jury . witnesses ..for... the .Government,
was then called for the defense. All
he was asked about was whether he
had any oral orwritten communica
tion with either Hyde or Dimond. He
said I no. Then Heney undertook, on
cross-examination, to bring out the
fact that the Witness knew another
member of .the alleged conspiracy—
Joost- H. Schneider— but the Commis
sioner sustained -McEnerney's objection
to the question. J. Knox Corbett, post
master'at" Tucson, 'Ariz., was theanext
Grand * Jury 'witness called .by 'Mc-
Enerney, and 1 exactly the same process
of ' question, answer, cross-question,
objection and ruling was gone through
with. Corbett* knew,' Schneider and tes
tified against him ' at ! Washington; but
counsel' for)Hyde "ahdrDIm'ond contend
that; their- clients* 1 are not - bound by
acts of Schneider 1 or? testimony against
h;m. , So' 7 Corbett •' was 1 excused.' The
Tucson Dostmaster ' Is ah > old friend of
Government "Counsel ¦ ' Heneyr their
friendship- v dating back to the days
vhen" the 'latter was "Attorney General
of • Arizona, and- even \ to earlier times,
for. they, were cowboys together, in their
younger, days.- ¦ • " • ¦; . :
- The last witness for the day was
D. Alexander, a searcher' of titles at
Portland,' Ore., who also testified .be
fore/, the' /Grand Jury as .to acts of
Schneider. f-V" his evidence yesterday
amounted j to ; no jj more than v {hat- of
McCusker: and 1 dorbett. The hearing
will go on this- morning. -' :
in 1903 the department had suspended
all selections of lieu lands in which
the defendants were interested. . Still
later an order had been made sus
pending, all selections in which Cali
fornia or Oregon school lands were
offered as a "base"; of exchange.
All; the attorneys for the defense
took . turns In questioning Fimpl^
again when "Heney had finished with
him. " f The witness readily admitted
that he had never met Hyde or Di
mond at Washington, but. refused to
admit fchat many of 1 the acts with
which they are, charged were! regular
and in accordance with the usual
practice of • attorneys. of good standing
with the department. In closing his
testimony :he. made" the .interesting
statement that owing to the rapid ln
icrease in the business'of the land of
fice and in the improvement In Its
methods the receipts during the last
fiscal' year Were $4,600,000 In excess
of those of the. previous twelvemonth.
NEGATIVE WITNESSES.
A pretty row arose over Heney's at
tempt.to call out evidencchinting that
the defendants had- tried to palm off
the same lands on the /.Government
twice tn exchange for lieu lands, but
after the' lawyers had 'wrangled Jongr
over the questions and ; ,the Commis
sioner had overruled the. objections of
the defense. Fimple could /only ¦ say/
"I understand that such attempts were
made." The answer, was stricken out
as hearsay. _ Heney; will^probably re
call Chief Examiner .Valk. and question
him on .this point, , for,- ; It is alleged,"
he has direct knowledge; of the/mat
ter. . /' -:\ ' . • -\ "\- / : ¦'¦'
Fimple further testified that' early
HINTS AT DUPLICATION.
"As a matter of course," replied
Heney, "the Indictment must allege a.
conspiracy within the last three years
in order to come within the statute of
limitations, but we shall show that in
fact the defendants first began con
spiring to defraud the Government
many years before the date. set forth
in the Indictment. Where there, is evi
dence of a conspiracy we have the
right to show similar acts prior to the
crime charged." . :
The instructions offered* were ad
mitted by the Commissioner, as were
many other documents of a like char
acter presented later under. similar ob
jections from the defense.
McEnerney asked that the Govern
ment be ordered to \ produce- all' ab
stracts of title and deeds of relinquish
ment covering , the, selections named in
the thirty-four counts, of the.indict
ment. Heney at once countered vvith
an offer to admit that the relinquish
ments were in proper form, if the se
lector offering the lands to the Govern
ment was actually the owner of those
lands. McEnerney, however, was to3
shrewd to be caught and he declined
the offer,' while his associate, Bert
Schleslnger, made a formal demand' for
the original deeds and other ¦ papers,
saying: "The indictment charges the
defendants with giving the Government
forged and fraudulent titles. -We want
light on what we have forged."
But Heney' refused to give up the
documents and the Commissioner de
clined to grant the order compelling
him to do so. Then a variety of ques
tions — the reason for not'> publishing
proposed withdrawals, rules to 'pre
vent speculators from obtaining ad
vance information of such contemplate
ed reserves, the regulations of the
land office making all
and communications; regarding pro
posed reserves private' and -confiden
tial, and many other matters of like
character — were threshed out with the
aid of the assistant commissioner's
full knowlegde of the subject and his
clear, precise statements; of law- and
practice in the -Interior Department.
Government officials and other wit
nesses that testified before the Federal
Grand Jury at Washington in the land
fraud case again occupied the day yes
terday before United States Commis
sioner Heacock. As before, they were
called at the Instance of .defendants,
Hyde and Dimond, and questioned by
their attorneys to bring out' facts con
tradicting the Indictment. On cross
examination the Government ; counsel
succeeded in getting on the record some
matters leading up to the' bribery
charge, which they may attempt to
prove later.
John H. Fimple, assistant commis
sioner of the General Land Office, was
recalled to the stand in the morning
for further cross-examination and told
in detail of the instructions given forest
superintendents, supervisors, and other
agents of the office. relating to the se
lection of lands for withdrawal as for
est reserves. Printed instructions dat-'
ing- as far back as 1891 were offered in
evidence by Francis J. Heney, special
counsel for the Government These
documents were objected to by. Garret
W. McEnerney of counsel for the de
fense as being of too remote* a date
to sustain a conspiracy alleged to have
been formed In the year 1901. j
CHARGES OLD CRIME.
1 J. KXOX CORBETT. POSTMASTER AT TUCSON, ARIZ., WHO WAS A GOVERN- I
MENT WITNESS BEFORE THE FEDERAL GRAND JURY IN THE LAND
FRAUD CASE, AND WHO WAS CALLED YESTERDAY BY THE DEFENSE. . [
To-night a wedding of note will oc
cur at the residence of Mrs. M. Well
ington, 2038 Baker street, when Miss
Catherine L. Hamlet, daughter of Cap
tain Hamlet of' the United States reve
nue service, will ' become the - bride of
W. A. Boole, president of the Boole
Shipbuilding Company. ,
The service will be quiet, only the
"Sweetly on the soft, spring air the
wedding bells are pealing."
The set that hath not within it a
bonpy Easter bride is a novel organ
ization, and would be condemned as
rather stupid.
Last night the wedding of winsome
Miss Eleanor Eckart and Edward
Hume led the nuptial affairs of the
week.
The ceremony was performed at the
home of the bride's parents, 3014 Clay
street, in the presence of many
friends, the blossoms of spring mak
ing glad the nuptial hall. .
The bride was smartly gowned in. a
robe of white chiffon with a veil of
filmy tulle. She was attended by a
matron of honor, ' Mrs. Benjamin
Thomas>and by Miss Georgie Spieker
and Miss Mabel Donaldson as maids,
all of whom Were gowned in green
chiffon cloth with white lace. And
thus was the wedding - distinctly jj a
green and white affair, fitting colors
for 1 budding springtime.
Covington Pringle, Huett Davenport,
Hugh Goodfellow and James Kenna
served as ushers, while' William Hume
performed the services of best man.
Those at the bride's table were Wil
liam Hume, Covington Pringle, Huett
Davenport, Hugh Goodfellow, James
Kenna, Henry Tickner, Miss Clara
Tickner, Mrs. B. F. Thomas, Miss Ma
bel Donaldson, Miss Georgie Spieker,
Miss Opal Pierce, Mr. and Mrs. W. W.
Potter, Mr. and Mrs. W. E. Eckhart
Jr., Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Chase, George
Chase, Miss L. Wenzelburger and Miss
Morse.
The young people will leave for a
post-nuptial trip this morning, the des
tination of which is locked in the
breasts of the happy pair— which lit
tle secret it is distinctly their privilege
to retain.
By Sally Sharp.
On Saturday afternoon that gigantic
garden party for the benefit of St. Ig
natius Training School will materialize
— and under the alluring shade of the
Phelan>lms and willows. Miss Phelan
has generously offered her grounds for
the fete, and a list of those In charge
of tables reads like an abridged ros
ter of the smart set. Tickets 50 cents.
Here can the Easter "bunnet" com
mand the homage of the populace — for
where is there a better background
than a velvety sward?
Captain Helms of the Nineteenth will
serve as best man, the ushers coming
from the same regiment, so a pretty
pageant they will make as they pro
ceed to the chancel of Grace Church.
The wedding of Miss Ethel Kent and
Lieutenant Gilbert Allen, U. S. A., will
occur to-morrow evening. A pretty
bevy of attendants will make the func
tion picturesque, among them being
Mrs. Malcolm. Graham, matron of hon
or; Miss Kathleen Kent, Miss Mattie
Milton, Miss Florence Cole, Miss Louise
Hall and Miss Woelle de Golla of Oak
land.
To-morrow evening the charming
Miss Harris will become the bride of
Ernest Albert Stent of .New York.
Mrs. Croudace and her daughter.
Miss Croudace, gave an Easter tea yes
terday afternoon from 3 to 6 at their
residence, 1831 Vallejo street. The
rooms were attractively decorated with
Easter lilies and fruit blossoms. More
than 200 guests enjoyed Mrs. Crou
dace's hospitality. Those who assisted
In receiving were Mrs. C. E. Cooper,
Mrs. S. P. Blumenberg, Mrs. J. J. Auer
bach, Mrs. J. G. Roberts, Mrs. J. Han
sen and Miss Genevieve Gleason.
The young people will visit the south
land on their nuptial trip, adding to a
radiant colony of bridal people.
nearest relatives being bidden to wit
ness the ceremony, which will be per
formed *>y Dr. Guthrie. The bride, who
will wear a dainty gown of white mull,
with a veil falling from her blonde
hair, will be attended by Miss Mattie
Wellington, who, too-, will wear a white,
frock. The dainty maid is a niece of
the groom, who will be served at the
altar by Percy Burr.
SOCIETY EVENTS.
Ammonia Funies Caused Dcatli.
John J. O'Neil, engineer at the Poodle
Dog restaurant, who was overcome by
the bursting of an ammonia pipe lead
ing to the ice machine on the evening
of Apr'l 2. died yesterday mornlns at
his residence. 70SA Lombard street-
Deputy Coroner Fennell and Messenger
James Murphy went to remove tha
body, but upen arriving at the house
Marry Farron, considerably the worse
for liquor, refused to allow the remains
to be moved and made a vicious as
sault on Murphy. The woman was ar
rested and booked at the Hall of Jus
tice on a charge cf drunkenness. An
autopsy on O'Xeil's body by Dr. Baci
ga'.upi showed that death had been
caused by oedema of the lungs from
ammoniacal fumes.
CHICAGO, April 4.— Resolutions re
questing Governor Beckham of Ken
tucky to Interfere in the case of Caleb
Powers, convicted and sentenced to dla
for the murder of the late Governor
Goebel. have been passed at a meeting
of evangelists and Christian workers
conducting services here under the aus
pices of the Presbyterian church. The
resolutions request Governor Beckham
to make use of the pardoning power,
either setting Powers free or gaining
for the convicted man a new triaL The
meeting was cailed by certain evan
gelists whose sympathies bad been
aroused by a knowledge of the alleged
conditions surrounding and causing the
conviction of Caleb Powers. Friends
of these clergymen who were present
at every trial say they are positive
Powers had a. "political hearing-"
Letters are being sent by a committee
to the Governors of all the States and
Territories In the Union requesting co
operation and formal remonstrance on
the part of those officials. The chair
ir.an of the committee is Rev. W. E.
BSerflerwolf. The secretary Is Dr. W.
A. Walton.
Among the men who signed the reso
lutions are Dr. John Robertson, Glas
gow. Scotland, and Frank Dixon, Oak
land, Cal.
Northern Securities continued to be
the only active feature among the mer
ger stocks on the curb. A few lots sold
as high as 99^. Only one odd lot of
stubs changed hands.
The heavy demand developed for
Union Pacific revived the Impression of
buying for control of that property as
an offset to the contest over Northern
Pacific control. The sentiment in the
stock market was nervous and appre
hensive in consequence of this indica
tion, and prices fluctuated in a very
hesitating manner throughout the day.
The general level of prices did not get
far from Saturday's level after the
dip at the opening, as the traders
seemed fearful of making: ventures on
either side of the market. Union Pa
cific touched 90 later in the day.
Northern Securities was the only
merger stock traded in on the curb
during the morning. At noon the stock
was quoted at 99, a decline of a quar
ter point from the high price. Sales
amounted to 3300 shares. Aside from
the sale of an odd lot of Great North
ern there was no business In that
stock, nor Northern Pacific or North
ern Securities stubs.
On the curb Northern Securities was
the only merger stock in which any
actual trading was done in the first
half-hour to-day. It opened at 3S, a
decline of two points from Saturday's
high price, sold off to 97Vi,then back to
SS. About 1500 shares changed hands in
the i first half hour. There were no
transactions In the other stocks, but
bid and offered prices were wide apart.
Northern Securities stubs was 225 bid,
offered at 250; Northern Pacific was
132 bid, offered at 140, and Great North
ern was 168 bid, offered at 172.
XEW YORK, April 4.— The petition
by Union Paciiic interests to enjoin the
Northern Securities plan of distribution
unsettled the stock market to-day and
caused feverish fluctuations. These
seemed due to puzzled efforts on the
part of the professional traders to find
the market without any clear Idea of
the actual effect on the news of the
values. The only fact left clear was
that the suppositions on which they
have traded for two weeks were un
founded. Their conflicting efforts to
retrieve probable mistakes caused a
very confused price movement, but the
undertone was weak on account of the
apparent hostility between great
groups of capitalists. Union Pacific
opened 1% higher than Saturday's close
and then receded as much below that
level. St. Paul broke 2Va- on the open-
Ing sale and recovered half the loss
while Union Pacific was running: off.
Losses ran to a point in a number of
railroad stocks and specialties and
prices ran downward and upward In a
hesitating manner. In the course of an
hour the market became quieter.
Rev. C. I*. Miel, the, rector of the
church, is very popular among • all
classes of people in Sacramento, and
when work was begun on his church
there was a celebration, in which the
Mayor and many citizens took part.
Rev. Mr. Miel said to-day the action in
calling off the men was any
notice whatever, and he said that had
the matter been officially called to his
notice or that" of his vestry, no doubt
it could have been amicably adjusted.
The church is designed to be one of
the handsomest in the State. '
SACRAMENTO, April 4.— On the or
der of the walking delegate of the
Building Trades CoVincil work was
stopped to-day on the new St. Paul's
Church at Fifteenth and J streets. The
men working under Andrew Carlaw, a
contractor for masonry, as well as the
men employed by Young & Hall, stone
cutters, were cailed off of the Job.
The church is being constructed of
granite and the work of the masons is
necessarily slow^ It appears that a la
borer was employed to mix the mortar,'
only a small quantity of which is need
ed each day. The -walking delegate of
the Building Trades Council discovered
that the mortar mixer was not a union
man, and so the masons and stonecut
ters were ordered out.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The queen of the carnival will be
elected by popular vote and it was de
cided that any lady in the county is
eligible to enter the contest. Clover
dale, Geyservil'.e, Fulton and Windsor
will particip'ate in the carnival, it be
ing the purpose to make the carnival
a Northern Sonoma event. A meeting
will be held Thursday, when various
sub-committees will be appointed.
The people of this prosperous city
are working as a Onlt to make the
event the greatest in the history of
State floral celebrations.
HE ALDSBURG, April 4.— At a mass
meeting to-night Healdsburg decided
to hold a three days* carnival celebra
tion. The celebration will "be on a
great scaled Great' "enthusiasm is
aroused and a fund of $2000 'was raised
to-day by a committee composed of J.
H. Kruse and Thomas Burger. This
amount wilP he increased by over a
thousand dollars. -:J. C. Keene was
elected chairman and R. E. Baer sec
retary.-
An executive committee was appoint
ed composed of J. C. Keene, J. Sllber
stein, T. M. Burger., John McDonough,
J. H. Kruse, B. H. Barnes. S. Hilger
loh, H. Graper, F. W. Cooke, Professor
H. R. Bull. E. S. Rowland, J. Howard
and R. K. Truitt. The dates decided
upon for the carnival are May 19, 20
and 21.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
Prices Vary During the Day,
but Buyers Are Reluctant
to Invest Either Way
Among the advantages of this con
tiguity of the two fields is that they
may be turned into one by simply, re
moving the portable bleachers that will
cross Bowditch street. -This will leave
ample room for a cinder track and ath
letic field. ' It Is estimated that a track
at least a third of a mile around may
be fitted into the space now occupied
by the Hillegass tract.
An immense amount of work will
have to be done before -this project Will
be completed, particularly in the hand
ling - of earth. The tract will first be
cleared of its present soil strata and
the clay' underneath removed until the
proper depth is reached. Then the soil
will all be -replaced and leveled off, this
being necessary in order to provide a
field in which grass may be grown.
This revised plan is In the hands of
the' executive committee of the Asso
ciated Students, who hold daily con
sultations with Architect Howard. It
Is now In such a shape that it is prac
tically settled, and all that ls.necessary
is the official action of the committee,
which \ meets to-morrow night. Ezra
Decoto, graduate manager for the As
sociated' Students, said to-day that he
did not doubt that work would begin
within a week.
John Galen Howard, supervising
architect for the university, has been
opposed for a long time to the closing
of Bowditch -street, as he wished to
maintain its integrity In order to con
form to the Hearst plans "for the star
dium. But Mr. Howard was prevailed
upon to-day to remove his objections.
However, the street will not be alto
gether closed, as Mr. Howard has sub
mitted a plan for handsome gates on
each side of the tract that Is accepta
ble to the executive committee of the
Associated Students, which has the
thing in charge.
The baseball field will be at the east
end of the tract.' It will lie between
Bowditch street and Hearst Hall, Ban
croft way and Strawberry Creek. Its
diamond will occupy the same relative
position that the diamond on the regu
lar campus does now. .
MUCH WORK NEEDED.
In revising the plan no change has
been made in the location of the foot
ball or baseball fields. The football
field will- lies between Bowditch and
Barrow streets. Bancroft way and
Strawberry Creek. The bleachers and
fence on" tne north *side will overlap
Bowditch street somewhat, but these
will be made portable so that they
may be moved at will.
The original plan has been abandon
ed for two or three good reasons. First
of these is the monumental expense it
would involve. To carry it out would
cost -probably $250,000, and this the As
sociated Students, who woulfl have to
foot the bill, would 'not feel justified
in spending at this time. Another rea
son is that the big excavation would
permanently disfigure the field and
prevent anything ever being done with
it in case radical changes are made in
the methods of playing the game. A
minor reason is that the embankments,
which would have to be about sixty
feet wide at the bottom, would take
up too much room.
Now the plan is to simply level off
the Hillegass tract, which will be the
campus under the Hearst plans, and
erect a fence and bleachers whei'e
reeded. In time this fence and bleach
ers may become a permanent feature
fit the'tract, as it is now thought that
there can be designed a more becom
ing thing than a hole with little hills
around it: Brick walls, with Ivy grow
ing upon them and colonnades and
handsome gates, such as surround
Franklin: Field in: the East, would be
more acceptable in the end. At any
rate it is contemplated that the struc
tures to.be built under the revised plan
will last for fifteen or twenty yearg.
The cost will be about $20,000.
LOCATION NOT CHANGED.
" The football game next year between
Stanford and California will not be
played in a deep hole on ; the campus
at the University, of California, sur
rounded by high embankments ( of
earth tiered with bleachers rubbing
their backs against the sky. That
plan has been abandoned and instead
there wiil only be a humble > fence,
adorned with humbler bleachers and . u
grand stand of the same degree of
humbleness. • •.:¦¦;< •.-;'<¦¦
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
• • 2148 Center Street, April 4..
Committee 7 of Associated
Students Finds - Cost of
r 01d Scheme 7 Too Much
Divine Is Generally Popular,
and It Is Believed Dif
ference Will Be Adjusted
Citizens Appoint Committees
arid They at Once Raise a
Large Part of the; Funds
Governors of All States and
Territories Are Urged to
Lend Support to the Appeal
WORK TO BEGIN SOON
EECTOft NOT CONSULTED
ASK FOR A PARDON
UNEASINESS IN MAEKET
ALL AEE ENTHUSIASTIC
Evangelists Start a Move
ment in Aid of the Al
leged .Murderer of Goebel
Walking Delegate Discovers'
That Mortar-Mixer Is Non-
Union and Work Is Stopped
Effort of Union Pacific to
Enjoin Northern Securi
ties Causes Fluctuation
Instead of Hole in Ground
and High Banks of Earth
There Will Be Only Fence
People of Northern Sonoma
City Decide to Hold Celebra
tion Lasting Three Days
FOOTBALL OVAL
PLANS REVISED
HOPE TO FREE
CALEB POWERS
RAILROAD WAR
AFFECTS STOCK
BIG CARNIVAL
AT HEALDSBURG
CALLS WORKMEN
OFF A CHURCH
HYDE DEMANDS DEEDS,
BUT LOSES THE P0INT
Heacock Adheres ¦ to Former Ruling That Defendants
in Land Fraud Case Must- Meet -Indictment Before
Calling for Evidence Upon Which Grand Jury Acted
THE SANf FRANGISCOSCALt.-'.TRESDAY, APRIL 5, 1904.
5
ADVESTISEaiENTB>
i :
fgs^STOMACH a
Now is the time you need a medi-
cine to tone up the system, drive out
the winter impurities and overcome
that tired feeling. There's none to
equal the Bitters.
Try a Bottle. It always cures Indi-
gestion, Dyspepsia, Colds, La Grippe,
Spring Fever or General Debility.
¦ - SEE THE CALL'S /
CLASSIFIED COLUMNS
- TO-DAY FOR
,- Business Chances.; •
.; Employment ';Want«tl (Male).
Employment - j Wanted * - (Fe-
* male)."*. . ¦ ¦ .; '• " *' ' ; ¦¦
, jlelp Wanted (Male); '¦'¦¦:
.Help /Wanted -(Female);
. Lost'r and: Found. ' ,
'.Miscellaneous V Articles for
.Sale:-;'-' 'r>*A' :;>>¦ ¦-¦.. : '::/:,
-Rooms' -to ;'. Let— Furnished
and ' Unfurnlshctl.'. -C ;;
v ' Honses; to "Let-- Furnished and
Unfurnished. v V
Miscellaneous Want*. . . •¦;
: Meeting Notices/ . -
-. Roonis ,for Housekeeping. V "-
' This* will-: not .only. Interest
those out of: work, but those de-r
! siring to . Improve their positions
'a8;weII.V ;,'•¦*?' ¦' : '\ \\ ¦"¦ ' ' ~ '¦''¦_ V '
';£ ,V ; ¦ ' ¦ .ADVERTISEMENTS. J.
t Good Hats
for Every Day
k Hats we are sure they will
be pleased to learn of a new
ever received. They com- JBBB^^^MJHi
prise all styles and colors in -^J^^t^Pj^^^^^^^^S^a^
Out-of-town orders filled SJ aP' -^r
740 Market Street
ADVERTISEMENTS.
• THE DISEASE
* OF CIVILIZATION IS
CONSTIPATION.
THE SAFEST AND QUICKEST
CURC FOR THIS EVIL IS
NATURE'S LAXATIVE WATER.
I NOT AN ARTIFICIAL
PREPARATION.
'i RELIEF COMES WITH
5 THE FIRST GLASS.
1 ALWAYS ASK FOR
I *FULL NAME.)
IF YOU SIMPLY ASK FOR
HUNYADI WATER YOU MAY
BE IMPOSED UPON.
KSlEM 99 QA B ournew VACUUM UE-
1 W E EH II \s! VIGOKATOBls a c'at-
¦ W ¦ E3B3 fa XHl nral restorer of lost
•treneth and vljror. It is the ONLY mean*
whtch will expand and develop the orcunK, used
with our Improved " fertect " Soluble dedicated
(Direct Medication)
Crayons, will quickly cure unnatural losses, utrio-
ture, preiaature decay, prostatlc affections, etc
~—^ For VAlUCOClXE our IM-
df7£X$ PBOVED DEVELOPEE, com-
ll"^^! bined with our new pateoted SUS-
>-4P^ TENSORY and COMPRESSOR,
ftff (sold only by us), will cure even the
TTg worst caees. .Don't fail to Investigate this.
J [i Call or write for new (copyrighted) pro-
§ if fusely Illustrated 100-pape boolc,"Realth,'
I. 1 ' fj for MEN ONLY. Sent securely sealed
Sill FREC Our physicians are experienced
' Jgl and strictly reliable specialist*. Fees
minify moderate. Treatment civeu on 10 days'
trial and approval.
HEALTH APPLIANCE CO.,
6 O' Parrel I Street. S. F.
Every Woman
rV W^ iN^A* 1 \ \ %botit the wonderfal
MARVEL Whirling Spray
ViS$r<£&L txon and Suruon. Bert-Sat-
« . t y«w < ron; i.i ftr *. \S /KB&r»Tr~r4rT>S~'
If h» r-»nnci snpiily the X/©"Sr y &' / ' ! f5 a_
n A BV El*, accept no r % WZgSSsr**
etlier. but *end »!«mji for H- >Ji / W »4W\S
!u«umte4 book— w«l»«.lt FlTet Vj / 'Wfi
fall parUeuiar*»r»d direction! Id- Oy'/,/, /g
valuable to iRflle*. .ttARVM.CO,. K^lUS^
Times Bulling. Xew York. v*u+±** r
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1GOKA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic tor the Sexual Organs, for both sexes
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of th«
Kidneys and Bladder. Sells on its own merit*.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Asents
828 Market at.. S. F. — (Send lor Circulars.)OAKLAND, April 4.— The Congre
gation Beth- Jacob , has elected a new,
rabbi Qn the person of the- Rev." M.
ITarber, recently from . Boston.
Chooses «Xcw Rabbi.
OAKLAND, April 4.— The following
marriage licenses were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Christopher S.
Crogan, over "21, and Annie I. Mouat,
over. 18, both of San Lorenzo; William
J.- O'Connell, over 21, Oakland, and
Josie Riddle, over"18, San v Francisco;
Rol>ert M. Hughes, 26. San Francisco,
and Margaret M. Davis, 21, Oakland;
Thomas D. Ashcom, over 21, and Alice
L. Daniels, over 18, both of Oakland;
Harold '. F. Jackson, 26; and Anna L
Stadie. 23. both of San Francisco; Clif
ford McCabe, 24. and Lena Gruen
inger. 21. both of Brentwood; Justin
W. Maurer, 32, and Mamie Crotzer, 21,
both of Los Angeles; John R. Mor
gado, 23, and Mary M. Fraga, 17, both
of Alameda; George W." Curry, '23, and
Daisy Pechner, 23, both of San Fran
cisco.' - - . ' - . -
Marriage Licenses.
OAKLAND. April 4. — Al Steele, a
clever worthless check passer, arrest
ed by Policeman Mulgrew yesterday,
has been identified by half a dozen
merchants as the man that tried to
pass checks on them. Tbe Lion Cloth
ins Company and Ludemere's market,
831 Washington street, parted with
small amounts of money in change
for Steele'8 paper. At Cohen's cloth
inj? store and at Moran's clothing
store on Broadway Steele failed- From
San Francisco came complaint that he
6\vindler J. Smith, a tailor at 773
swindled J. Smith, a tailor at 773
Market street, out of S5. The police
think there are many more victims.
Chock Pas»sor Was Bii-y
ALLEGE WRONG
WILL IS FILED
3Iichael Hartery's Brother
and Sister Charge OR: Hat
ton and Wife With Fraud
belnsr the happy possessor of a well-trained
contraito voice.
"- Dr. Mcrey has been reared and educated la
Oakland and Is now a ¦ successful practicing
dentist. He Is a graduate of the Unlrerslty of
California. His parents are Mr. and Mrs.
Rosvell E. Morey. formerly of Oakland, but
now restdents of VUalla. • *
Miss Ruth Kales, who recently .returned
from an Eastern visit, and her guest. Miss
Phyllis Malher or Providence, were entertained
this afternoon by Miss Flortnne .Brown. About
forty trlrls of the young»r set 'enjoyed an In
formal . cud of tea. which was dispensed by
M!ss JJrown, assisted by . Misses - Oliver Mis*
Rose Kales.- .Miss Sevftla v Hayden.* Misses
Alice and Ruth Knowles. .MUs-Klsfct Fry Mi*s
Ro^e- Godtianl. Miss Elsa Schilling. Miss E,llth
B*ck. : MUs l-ocretla Burnnam. Miss Cordelia
nuhopanri Mla» May Coogan. ¦ " * \
OAKLAND,' .April 4.— Christopher
Bayer, "aged and: mentally "weak, has
wandered from , , his - home, Sixteenth
avenue and ¦ East', Nineteenth 'street/
The: police have" been: notified.
Aged Man ' Missing:
OAKLAND, ; April ! 4. —
Lane, 'colored, a 'deserter 'from Troop'
M, Ninth Cavalry, U: S. A:, : was arrest
ed j to-day < v by Randolph r and
¦Johnson of ' the same . regiment and re
turned XoJ the" : Presidio. * : Lane was un
der; two" years' sentence for desertion
when' he ran 'away. ' - .
Deserting; Trooper Caught.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'. 1118 Broadway, Aprir 4.
Charges of fraud are made against
R. B. Hatton and his wife, Kate Hat
ton,-in a contest filed to-day to the
petition for the probate of the will of
the late Michael Hartery of Haywards.
It is, claimed by the brother and sis
ter of the deceased that an old will
made years ago has been substituted
for a later one, : to their Injury. Mrs.
Hatton is a stepdaughter of . the de
ceased. and through her -mother will
eventually inherit the property in
event the contested will is adjudged
valid.- ; ; '
Hartery committed suicide about a
month- ago and, it is /believed, left an
estate valued at about $20,000. He
had been separated from his wife for
several years andV the contest arises
overthe fact that a will made in 1897,
leaving his entire j estate to- her, is the
one.^that'has' been presented for >pro
bate by Mrs.> Hatton. ;i It is alleged
that- the deceased : made another will
on the day he took his 'life, in 1 . which
his estate was left to . James ; Hartery
and Mrs. Mary. Walsh, his brother and
sister.. .-¦ . ." .'-.-. • - -
When Hartery and his wife separat
ed ;they/divided ; , their. property and it
is" alleged the widow is not "entitled t6
share in^ the "estate" left by 'him, as it
was ' not community property.'
OAKLAND, April 4.— Always beautiful. Ar
bor Villa took on added charms under, the dec
orator's mag-lc touch to-day, and when M!s»
Anna . Mae Burdge became the bride of Ber
nard- Miller this evening It was within a ver
itable temple of beauty, glowing with the
fragrant wealth of spring. This was the
first wedding that has been solemnized in the
home. of Mr. and/Mrs. F. M. Smith, and noth
ing that good taste could suggest was left
undone by these ' generous guardians to mak?
the happy occasion a memorable one In e-.-ery
rc sjiect.
'ihe ceremony took place in the targe, oc
tagon-shaped ] reception hall. " Before the wide
door leading into the conservatory, and di
rectly opposite the broad stairway, two bronifi
Corinthian pillars, surmounted by rose-fllleti
vases, formed the gate to a square,- within
which the happy couple stood while repeating
the vows that made tnem man' and wife. From
each pillat a railing of- Easter- lilies extended
to the stairs, making this - a pattf through
which the bridal party proceeded to the al
tar. ' ¦ Suspended from the gallery that • over
hangs the hall were four baskets filled with
long-stemmed .American . .Beauty roa.es. \ The
conservator}' was illuminated ' with pale' green
lights and formed a fairy-like background for
the picture presented by the bride and her at
tendants. The "Lohengrin" wedding march was
played by Miss Virginia de Fremery on- the
large pipe organ In the gallery.. The Rev.-
J. K. McLean otflclated.
Promptly at 9 o'clock the bridal party de
scended the stairs, the ushers leadlr* the way.
The first bridesmaid, Mttis Marlon bmlth. fol
lowed, and at her train were the eight bloom
ing bridesmaids, each in white chiffon and
carrying pink carnations tied with wide pink
satin ribbons. Next came Miss Winitred
Burdge, maid of honor, in pink chiffon, her be
ruffled skirt and l&O bodice adorned with
clusters ot chiffon roses and a tiny wreath of.
roses In her hair. -
Escorted by Mr. Smith, at last came the
bride, her dark, brilliant beauty enhanced by
the softly drooping tulle veil and the ivory
sheen of her bridal gown Of sheen mesea-
Ilne, the gown was trimmed with an elaborate
garniture of point lace — the flounces on the
skirt, the deep yoke and berthe belns of the
lace, caught in cobweb folds with clusters of
orange blossoms. Full, angel sleeves of chit
foa fell from the elbow. A shower of-UUes
of-tKe-valley completed a very charming cos
tume.
The bridesmaids were: Grace Sperry. Evelyn
Ellis. Florence Nightengale, Marlon Goodfel
low, May Coogan, May Baker and Carolyr
Oliver.
The' bridesmaids' gowns were each fashioned
much "the same, fluffy in effect, with chiffon
roses catching the draperies here and there,
and each wore a wreath of tiny green leaves In
her hair.
Mr. Miller was attended by Clay Goodlng
and the ushers were Will GorrlU. Ralph Jones,
Harold Havens, Arthur \ Goodfellow, Hartley
Peart, Traylor Bell, Stanley Moore, Joseph
King and Roland Oliver.
The ceremony was witnessed by about one
hundred and fifty guests, the more intimate
friends of the young* couple, but later several
hundred guests were present at the reception
and supper. The large oval table, where the
bridal party was served, was placed » In the
reception hall, that - the bride might be . within
view of all. Ralph Jones presided as toast
master and prepared the way for many | a
graceful speech and merry 3est.
Mr. and Mrs. Miller wilt spend several weeks
in the south and on their return Mr. > Miller
will take his bride to his ' home on Boulevard
terrace. ¦
The wedding of these popular young people
has been eagerly anticipated by the smart set
for several months . and seldom has a bride
been followed by so many good wishes or so
happily launched on the matrimonial sea. Her
popularity was 'attested by the many exquisite
gifts showered .upon her. Mrs. Smith's souve
nir took the form of a chest of solid silver,
complete to the smallest detail.
Mr. Miller is a ¦ prosperous attorney of this
city and a well-known club man. whose his
trionic talent has made him always a desirable
social acquisition. . . ' • .
- Another wedding of more than passing in
terest took place this evening at the residence
of Ferdinand Koenlg, when his youngest and
only unmarried ' daughter. Miss Wllhelmina
Koenlg. became the bride of Dr. Charles Leon
ard Morey. The old-fashioned home on Thir
teenth'street was transformed with spring blos
soms and ferns, the drawing-room, where the
ceremony took place, being especially attract
ive. Peach blOEScms so framed and lined: the
deep bay-window as to resemble the half of a
huge wedding' bell, within which the bridal
twain plighted their troth. The "elapperV. of
the bell was of Easter lilies and white tulle.
. The bride's jrown was an exquisitely dainty
creation of white lace, made. over white taf
feta. : The ' flounces : of the double ' skirt were
out linn', with an embroidery, of white broad
cloth Hppllqued with silk, the embroidery also
forming a panel . down the front. The bodice
was simply made.' the sole ornamentation being
the cloth embroidery. • The whole effect . was
unusually rich and: beautiful. . A long' tulle
veil covered the bride's fair hair and she
carried a shower of ascencion lilies.
Miss Geraldlne Scupham, who will herself be
& bride : before ¦ April ¦ Is ' ended. • was maid of
honor and was very charming ; in a delicate
French mouEseline gown in pale pastel shades
of pink &nd blue. It was lined with pink
slllt-and pink ¦ roses - adorned the corsage and
skirt -and -were also worn." wreath-fashion. In
her dark hair.' 'She, carried a bouquet of 'the
same flower./- ' .. • ¦ . . •
Little Alma I Meese, a niece of the brld*.
acttd as flower bearer. :. in ' a dainty white frock
and carrying a basket' of Cecil Bruner roses.
The (troom, was attended, by George Lackey,
Miss - Scupham's • fiance, .'and four other men
friends. Thomas . Warren, ' r>r. , Stalder, Seth
Talcott • and.' Walter. .von ; Manderscheld- assisted
in the capacity of ushers. >.. ' _ " "
:' Dr. • Charles ¦ R. v Brown was the officiating
clergyman, and the' . brlda! march, from
;"Ix>hengnn.' n was played by an orchestra cor.
cenled behind palms at the end of the hail. It
also discoursed sweet .:' music - durlnsr the re
ception and Bupper which ; followed.' • - • - '
;> Nearly 100 guests* were, rresent at the cefe
monji ''J'_ Lj 1 H "lWili|WI% l tfHMiliiMlVBMJLiil!l
¦.Dr. and;Mrs.'Morey will enjoy,a visit of two
weeks -in Southern California, and on Tues
days «n May: will receive their; friend* at tne
old ' home, - where the i bride c has : always lived
and which. will continue to be her home.
The bride 1 s father is a retired capitalist and
a -' prominent ¦•: member,^ of the : German -' colony
her*.- Hi» daughter has been ' rfven ; every ad
vantage and Is '¦¦: accomplished ', In many ways,
These surveyors are ..working upon
the line of the Oakland and Sacramento
Railroad, ,that was , in
Alameda Couhty'last year and 1 was re
cently.; purchased , by ; the Wjestern .Pa
cific 1 Railroad in its. consolidation.*' This
read already"' has rights of way along
what .'is known "as the Redwood road,
running from Castro Valley, .j back of
Hay wards, " * to the Redwood ', School
house. From there it crosses the -hills
and drops - : - down; into i", Oakland, and
Fruitvale. 7,; Incidentally .;' this 1 , road ' has
nine condemnation . suits along :. this
route now pending in the ; courts of this
county. Much of this The "Call has
already told,' but the fact that the'sur
veyors : now Working. 1 in" Contra : . Costa
County have started to run a line from
the Redwood ~> Schoolhouse '.toward : , Sac
ramento is new." Thls'line'' starts from
the schoolhouse and turns 'to the east,
runs, through, a- smajl" canyon into
Moraga Valley, and from" there .to .Waif
nut Creek. Two routes ,have ¦ been': sur-.
veyed, one to Lafayette and thence; into
Walnut Creek, and the other, ; a more
direct , line,' into), the • little valley 'town.
The surveyors . under r Mr." Williams are
at work near, Lafayette,' three" miles
from Walnut Creek. They'are 'about" to
The most aggressive work that is be
ing done is under the orders, of the
Western Pacific Railroad. This com
pany has two parties , in the field, Vne
near Walnut Creek and the other work
ing through the tules from Chips Isl
and on the north side of the Sacra
mento River, a little west of ."the" -new
town of Black Diamond. These par
ties are under the control of J. T. Wil
liams, the locating engineer of the
Western Pacific, and while the parties
themselves refuse to discuss their em
ployment,-the presence of -Mr. Williams
with them is sufficient. It is very evi
dent that these two parties are work
ing upon a line between Oakland and
Sacramento, and from some .options'
that have been • secured upon property
and from the general lines that have
already been* run 'it is^ very plain what
section is to be traversed.
SURVEYING NEW LINE. .
OAKLAND, April 4.— The hiljs be
tween Oakland and Contra Costa Coun
ty, the flats" at Walnut Creek and the
islands and tule lands of the Sacra
menta River are occupied by men with
transit and chain. No. less than three
railroad surveying parties are at work
at different points in this district. The
Southern Pacific is determined to main
tain Its hold on the traffic of this neigh
borhood and has completed all of the
preliminary work necessary to protect
itself against invasion of a rich sec
tion it has monopolized for many years.
The result of all this activity is that
the interior of Conjtra Costa County,
long neglected and practically isolated
from the outside world, is awakening
with a new hope that it is to be brought
into easy touch with tidewater on San
Francisco Bay.
, The . fchird move Is being made by
the . San\a Fe- system: , When it , pur
chased-? the California and Nevada
Railroad to get a connection between
.Point Richmond and Oakland, it; also
secured '&'': line of road ?. running from
'Sari; Pablo, hear Point 'Richmond, up
¦the San rPablo; canyon, and: endings at
.the.Bryant ranch, within six miles of
'WalnutiVCreelc. >; It secured rights "of
|way! ; and ? surveys nearly . through >' to
Walnut Creek ; and these it has been
quietly,: completing,^ and the 'moment
that 'v.th«i£ Western '.;.. Pacific ;, begins i to
bulldfariother line.will be .'run' into Con
tra "¦ Costa ¦ j "County. ;;, •-'.*.! • - ¦ '
'¦'. The" interior. of Contra Costa' County
has : long V been dependent :> on , - • a side
track.: Only the, Southern Pacific pene^
trated*,tnat% section, y and \ the f .''distance
around by J way of Martinez ? was : so
long 'that, it ..was .found "; to ; be '.--both"
quicker 'and easier ¦ to*; reach 'Oakland
by^-team\than: by; railroad. : >But , the
people ' of i this , section \ now gee in ' these
railroad imoves some ; hope,* for,; both; the
old California arid Nevada and : the new;
Western^ Pacific V routes i '¦' into Oakland
would be quicker than that now ; opei -^
ated~ r by. the T Southern .* Pacific. '.It' also*
means "that the little town, of Wanut
The Southern Pacific Company has a
line running through the San Ramon
Valley from near Martinez, touching
Concord, Walnut : Creek, Danville and
ending at San Ramon. This road was
originally surveyed to run to Liver T
more or Pleasanton, but was never
comple'ted owing to lack of competi
tion. .Within the lasT; months this
Sari Ramon branch has" been entirely
rebuilt, • new steel bridges taking the
place of. the . old wooden ones, a new
line. has been surveyed into Livermore
and- 'everything is being prepared for
the completion of this branch, which
would give- all of -the; towns between
Livermore and Martinez niain line con
nections I without the necessity of go
ing around through Oakland. The line
between San Ramon and .Livermore
could, be completed in sixty days.
complete the survey from Walnut
Creek' to the banks of the Sacramento
River opposite Chips Island. This is
the narrowest point on the river and
could be crossed by ferry or bVidge._
. It is a fact that Chips Island has been
bonded, and also the Bowen ranch, on
the south bank of the river, both tran
sactions having taken place within the
last few weeks. There is also a party
of 'surveyors working north along the
ba^c'of the Sacramento River running
lines through Colllnsville and Rio
Vista.
This outlines a froute from Oakland
to Sacramento thai is as short as that
of the Southern Pacific Railroad and
opens up a, country that is at present
almost out of the world.
That the other great railroad sys
tems, the Santa Fe and the Southern
Pacific, appreciate the effort \ being
made to invade this section is very evi
dent^ and they are preparing to do
work that has long been neglected.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC WARY.fvJ
Creek, one of the oldest and prettiest
settlements in the State, will become
a railroad center \.ot no mean impor
tance for, "owing to its peculiar loca
tion in the Contra Costa hills, all rail
roads win have to pass through it.
OAKLAND. April 4. — Convicted of
brutally driving Mary Henderson, his
wife, out into a storm when she was
half clad. Peter Henderson was fined
$150. with the alternative of seventy
five days' imprisonment in the City
Prison, by Police Judge George Sam
uels to-day. Mrs. Henderson declared
her husband's conduct toward his fam
ily had made a drunkard out of their
eldest son. Henderson could not pay
the fine and went to jail.
"You'll never see me again, Mary,"
wan Henderson's parting word to his
wife.
Seventy-Fl\e Days,
.TihIch George Samuels Sends Peter
Henderson to City Prison to Spend "
SHOWS NO MERCY TO
BRUTAL WIFE BEATER
MAP SHOWING THE VARIOUS RAILROAD LINKS BUII.T. BUILDING AND PROJECTED IN ALAMEDA AND CONTRA COSTA
COUNTIES AND PHOTOGRAPH OF WALNUT'CREEK, WHICH PROMISES TO BECOME THE TRANSPORTATION CEN
TER OF THE LAST NAMED COMMUNITY. ''
The threatened deficit in the gen
eral fund, it was explained, had been
averted.
In regard "to the choice of voting
machines, the jurors were curipus to
know how this had been arranged^
They also wished to know the amount
of the proposed expenditure for the
Treasurer's vault.
OAKLAND. April 4. — The Board of
Supervisors . was j before the Grand
Jury to-day, but it Is said that no sen
sational developments will result. The
voting machines, the vault for the
Treasurer's office and the general
division of money into the various
county funds were the matters dis
i-ussed.
ber of Matters of Public
Importance.
CVcncral Inquiry Is .Made Into a Num-
'BO Alt I) OF SUPERVISORS
BEFORE THE GRAND .JURY
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
"He became intimate with Miss Engle
while she was in my employ. She left
me a month ago to accept a place, in
Alameda. On Thursday last she sent
for Mrs. Lucy McDonald, my house
keeper, and to her she told of her trou
bles with Bulkeley. She said that he
had announced his engagement .to my
niece and that their relations must
cease. She said she had always under
stood that they were engaged and in
tended to see Bulkeley and force him
to acknowledge it, even if it took a
pistol to do so. This it seems she did
not do." -
Bulkeley says this is all untrue, and
he goes Into details in support of v his
contention that it is all animus on the
part of Mrs. Hutchins that is respon
sible for the girl's rash act and the
discomfiture of himself and friends.
According to his story, Mrs. Hutchins
was bent on, breaking up the engage
ment between himself and Miss Fargo.
He said further:
. "I swear that I never was intimate
with Miss Engle! I never paid any
more attention to her than I would to
any, other servant. Mrs. Hutchins ob
jected to my marrying her niece and
she told some scandalous stories, link
ing my name and the girl's. Miss Engle
told me these and through friends I
sought a vindication. That got Miss
Engle into trouble with Mrs. Hutchins
and sh'e came to me to secure vindi
cation for herself. That was last Sat
urday. I told her I could not retract
anything and she went' away without
being disappointed, apparently. Now
she has tried to kill herself, but it is
not my fault."
"The n^xt day she went to Berkeley,
but I did not have an opportunity to
talk with her. That night she tried to
commit suiqide. Since then she has
told me that the stories about her were
untrue and that her attempt at suicide
was due tc the malice of others. I be
lieve her story fully, for she was al
ways a good girl and very industrious."
Two different stories are told by the
Berkeley people interested in Miss
Marie Engle. Lewis E. Bulkeley tells
one story and Mrs. A. A. Hutchins tells
another. Mrs. Hutchins is the proprie
tor of the Walworth, where Bulkeley
was a guest and Miss Engle a waitress.
Ther? was also there a Miss Marjory
Fargo, a niece of Mrs. Hutchins and
the fiancee cf Bulkeley. Mrs. Hutchins
strongly opposed the . attentions of
Bulksley toward her niece, and even
went so far one day as to order him
to leave her house after they had had
words about it. Mrs. Hutchins pays
that the basis of her opposition to
Bulkeley was his intimacy with Miss
Engle. This Is. what Mrs. Hutchins said
to-day when asked about the case:
"Mr. Bulkeley's conduct while at my
house was distasteful to me. I had
noticed his attentions to young women
working in the neighborhood and I
heard other stories to his discredit. As
I was without positive proof I did not
interfere with him until he engaged
himself to my niece. . I tried to break
c-ff their relations, but neither would
listen to me. I told him one day that
I would report him to President Wheel
er, and that led to his insulting me so
that L had to order him to leave the
house.
Miss Engle told her mistress, Mrs.
Delanoy, her story to-da£. Mrs. Dela
noy expresses full confidence in her
statement, saying: t
"Friday evening the Mrs. Lucy Mc-
Donald that is referred to in the story
called upon Marie at our house. She
had a talk with the girl, and I noticed
after she left that Marie was down
hearted. 1 questioned Marie, with the
result that she told me her story. She
said Mrs. McDonald told her that Lewis
E. Bulkeley had been making state
ments derogatory to her (Marie's)
character; that she hardly knew
Bulkeley. except that he boarded at a
house in Berkeley where she was 'a
waitress, anYi that the stories were un
true.
The tongue of criticism has caused
much trouble on this side of the bay.
It caused Miss Marie Engle to attempt
suicide in Alameda Saturday night; it
caused Mrs. A. A. Hutchins to try and
break up an engagement j and order
Lewis E. Bulkeley.out of her house,
and it caused tbe young man in ques
tion to indulge In a lot of criticism of
everybody in general. Meanwhile Miss
Engle is still at the Delanoy residence
In Alameda, and will recover. Her
parents have arrived from Stockton
and will take their daughter home, and
the others in the case are bombarding
one another.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
. 1118 Broadway, April 4.
V. Devincenci and Angelo Legoria,
scavengers, were arrested to-day and
charged with violating the ordinance
that prohibits the' collection of gar
bage in this city by any one other than
agents' of the Pacific Incinerating
Company. This move was made by
the Board of Health, which has adopt
ed this method of prosecuting the
scavengers rather than that of ar
resting them for using the dumping
grounds at West Oakland.
Prosecuting Attorney A. P. Leach
to-day decided that -It was doubtful
whether, the scavengers had violated
the law when they deposited garbage
on private property with the owner's
permission. The Prosecuting Attor
ney was of the opinion that the spe
cific ordinance which prohibited
dumping of garbage might have been
repealed by the crematory ordinance.
As the later ordinance makes it a mis
demeanor for other than authorized
agents of the crematory company to
collect garbage, the fight will be made
along that line.
- The Scavengers' Union has prepared
to go Into court to resist prosecution
and to force a test of the validity of
the garbage crematory ordinance and
the contract under which the inciner
ating company is working. : '.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
: ¦ .C" 1118 Broadway, April 4.
Sitting beside Tobin in the court
room was his second wife, who
listened with tearful face to .the
Judge's summing up of the case and
to the decision that took from her
the husband she had married, in good
faith. She had- no knowledge of
Tobir/s entanglement untile the first
Mrs. Tobin was hammering at her
door and demanding money and vari
ous household goods she alleged be
longed to her.
The second Mrn. Tobin Wt the
courtroom supported by Tobin. in
company with his attorney. Under
the law she cannot remarry^ him for
a year. «¦»
"In an examination of the evidence
a letter is produced written by him
containing expressions of endearment
which, in my mind, negatives any
thing he pays to the contrary. The
plaintiff asserts there was a contract
and The court so Snds. She is granted
a divorce as prayed for and .half the
community property, which we find to
be about 51200. and costs."
William Tob!n was declared a
bigamist by a derision entered by
Jude* Alelvin this afternoon. In sum
ming uj> the evidence in a suit for di
vorce brought by wife No. 1 the Judge
said: •'Tobin admits having lived
with the plaintiff in*lhis case as hus
band and wife and publishing it to
the world that the was his wife. This
was begun prior to the year 1895,
when contract marriages were legal.
He denies, however, that there was a
contract entered into, but states that
the plaintiff threatened him v.fth a
pistol «tnd it w*as through f<*ar that he
was made to assume the relation of
husband to h**r.
»
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. April 4.
He Loses Two Spouses in a
Day. Latter of Which Can
not Itemnvt'v Him for Year
All Parties in the Case In
dulge in Caustic Comments
Directed at One Another
Plan to Test Legality of
the Ordinance and Con
tract as to Cremation
The Bruguiere Company (corporation) t»
George D. Hutchison, lot on SE line of Po
mona arenue. 79 NE of Putnam- street NE
76 by SE 125. portion lot % block 10. map o'
subdivisions of NE portion of Sather Tract.
Fruitvale. deed made to correct error tn ™me
of grantee »43. d 339. Brooklyn Townsb.tp.rlio.
Eliza- H." Scotcher (widow) to Daniel P.
Durst, lot on W line of San Pablo avenue.
2C.H.C0 S from Its Intersection with N line of
plat r.s. Map of Ranchos V. and D. Peralta of
16.O70.es acres, thence S 450. W 270. S 90
E 270. S «>. W 795. S 1S2 to W line of fclat 3*.
thence NW 1070. etc.. NE «2O to point In N
line of said olat 38. 430 W from San Pablo
avenue. S 20S.6O. E 430 to beginning, reserv
ing and excepting lots 11. 12 and 14 block 2.
lot* 10 to 12 and S 38 feet of lot 9*. block 3.
map cf portion of Coggeshall Tract west or San
Pablo avenue. Emeryville. Oakland Township;
Cstharlna J. Younger (widow) to Emm*
Elizabeth and Mary Lydla Younger (both sin
gle), lot on S line of Fourth street 75 B of
Harrison street. E 75 by S 1C0. lots 9 to 11.
block it, Kellersberger'B Mao. Oakland; gift.
Gecrge W. and Abbie B. Flcher (wife) and
Charles S. and Elizabeth L. Holmes to Au*u«t
H. Schulze. lot on S line of Hobart or Twenty.'
first street. 2SM.23 W of Telegraph avenue W
35. 8 11S.50. E 35. N 11S.0S. Oakland: $10.
August Henry Schulxe to Caroline Schulxe
(wlf«r). same. Oakland: g'.ft.
E. J. and Lydla F. Shepardson i';ii'e) f>
Marie J. C. de Davldfon (widow), lot on 3
line of Thirty-fifth or Walton street 501:3 E
of Market. E 40 by S 120:3. portion lots 12
and 13. block L. property Central Land Com
pany. Oakland: $10.
Clarence A. and Esther K. Chichester (wife)
to J. G. Maloney. lot on S line of Klinkner
avenue cr Fifty-ninth street. 420:10 E of Saa
Pablo avenue. E .10 by S 1C0. portion of lot .*>.
Map No. 2, property of William O'Neill. Oak
land; $10.
• The Brugulere. Company (corporation) to H.
Baehlln. lot on NW line of. Fremont avenue.
7 :6 NE • of Warr»n itrc»t XE 27:6 by N\VT
J25. portion of lot 14. block 16. map sub
division NE portion Sather Tract. Fruitvale.
Brooklyn Township. $10.
Anna Brooke and .Ralph K. Wright (both
single) and Joanna M. Wright (widow), to
Manuel R. Plnta, lots 15 to 17, Wrlsht Tract,
Eden Township;- $750.
Edward and Mary Wright (wife) to Kat«
C. Millar (widow), lot on N line of W Tenth
street. 54:4 W of Poplar, thence along said N
line on West Tenth 65 N 110 F. B5 S 110.
block .vo. map blocks SCO 501 and 576 Oak
land; ?10.
AV. A. and Elizabeth Freeman (wife) and
.Thomas H. and Rose F. Nlcholls to Jame*
Hogg, lot on NE line First and Clay streets,
N 200 b" E 75. lots 1 to 8. block 5 Kellers
berger's map, Oakland: $1O.
Lillie M. and A., or Albert Van der Xail«n Jr.
(hu?hand). to Marie Redon. beginning, at potnt
on S line of street 40 feet wide opening in
Third avenue, known - as Palac» Court, par
allel with and lying between Central or Wash
ington avenues and Santa Clara or Jefferson
avenues. 116:O>j W from Third arenue.- TV
4S:S 2.10 by S 106:3. lot 14. map lands Teu
tonia Park Homestead Association. Alameda;
$10. \
Homestead Loan Association of Berkeley to
Delia P. Morris (wife or B. J.). lot en W lln«
of Spruce street. SCO S of Eunice. S 40 by W
134:7, portion of lot 4, block' 10. property of
Berkeley Villa Association. Berkeley: $10.
Virginia and M. M. Rhorer (husband) to
Jonas I. Bowers, lot on f» line of Berkeley way.
l.-.:».:<0 E of Louisa street. E :a by S 110. lot
3<J, College Tract. Berkeley; f-10.
Amelia R. and Adelbert E. Kellcffg to Adel
bert T. Hay. beginning 120 W from SW corner
cf Blaks and ElUwcrth streets. S 90 by E 40,
block 1434. B'.akeTract No. 2, Berkeley; HO.
H. Ba?cMln to Alfred G. Stronic. lot on XW
lln» of Fremont 'avenue. 77:0 NE of Warren
r-treet. NE :T7:« by NW 123. portion of lot 1».
bleck 16, map cf subdivision of .\E portion of
Sather Tract, Frultvale, Brooklyn Township;
110. -
O. G. and Eliza B. May (wife) to Edith An
gus Baurhyte <»:ng!e), lot en E line of Arch
Ktreet. at SW tcrn<»r of lot 4. thence E 111.27.
K £>. W 3!W5. N 14.2W. W e«. 8 44.54, portico
of lot 4. block 5. Corrected Map of Daley'a
Scenic Park Tract, blocks 3, 4 and 5, Berke
ley; *1M>.
Susie G. Pellet to same, lot on SW corner of
Cedir street and Shattuck avenue. W SO. S 4-*.
E I6.M. N 48.08. portion of lot 14. block A.
Map of Golden Gate Homestead, Berkeley;
gift.
O. G. and Eliza B. May »wlfe> to Frank M.
May, lot en SE corner of Cedar and Arch
streets, E 64,~ S to, W to E line Of Arch. >T
to beginning, portion cf lots 4 and 5. block 5.
Corrected Map of Daley's Scenic Park Tract,
Berkeley; $10. -
Frank M. and Rc«e H. V/lleon (wife) to Au
gust Peterson, lot 9. block 17. Daley'a Scenic
Park tract. E^rkeley; *H>.
Ceorgp Lydilcscn <widov.er) to A. R. Wach
ter. lot CJ, block 2, map of Grove-street line
tract, Berkeley; f 10.
Patrick's. Gilmcre (stnfle) to 'Victor C. and
Carrie XV. Jack*, lot ZS. block E. rsvfcM>4 map
of Claremont avenue tract Oakland; $10.
-XV. A. etewsrt (single) to Calvin A. Slaw,
lot on W lln» of Irvins avenue. 255 SW of
E. Twentieth street. SW 1-3 by XW 100. belnc
N' 1-3 of let \ map of resobdlvt3ion of Corl?7
Tract. East Oakland; $10.
Anita D. Vald<*» (single), by Paulin* A.
Valdcs. her attorney. Manuel K. Valdes Min
f» and Oakland Pavlnc Company to . Con
atar.ee"A. -Meeks. lot en NW corner of Lo
cust (or Twenty-third) and Waveriy streets.
W M by N 108:6. lot 1« and portion of lot
17. Mock 2237. dap subdivision of block* 2238
to 225,««. V'alde* Tract. Oakland; ?10.
M«r*h«l Curtis and James SoufTraln to Jla
r!e Corbin Ber.oit fwtr« of Pierre), re-record
U1> D. lot on NW eorr.fr of Curtis anl
Twenty- flr«t streets.- XV ICO by N SO. lot 11.
block 1, Curtis &. Williams Tract. Oakland:
Itece. »
An«r?!e M Utgurra <L*ronche Dnn»nd). wife
of F." !>., to XV. A. Frseman and Thomas H.
NlchoIIs, let on SE rcrner of Second and Clay
•treats. 3 3o by E 75. lots 7 and 8, block b.
Kfllerlwrfifr'* map. Oakland: $!•».
Herman Bredlow to Isabel Bredtow (wife).
lot en W line of Dover «trt*t. BO N of Stan
ley. N* M>. XV 123.33, S 50, E 129.51. lot 4,
block 1; rf5ubd!vls:on of map of portion of
Bmmagim Tract XV of Shattuck av»nue. Oak
land; sift.
Sophi* S. Schretber (Scfealltch) and as trus
tee for Henry and Louis Sehalllch (minors)
to Cora E RugRles, lots 10 to 12. Mock 15,
Daley's Scenic Park (recorded April 1. 190i).
Berkeley; K0C.O.
AIiuiuHlh Connty.
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SCAVENGERS-.: TO- FIGHT
MA X Y EXPLANATIONS
Too Much Talking Results
in Effort of Miss Marie
Engle to Kill Herself
Charged With a Violation
of the Law by. Collec
tion of the City Kef use
Surveying Parties of the Western Pacific and Santa Fe Companies
at Work in Hills and oh Lowlands and Harriman System
Contemplates : Extension to Meet the Threatened Competition
MATTERS BADLY MIXED
Court Grants First Wife
a Divorce While Second
Listens to a Cruel Fate
DECLARES TOBIN
IS A BIGAMIST
GOSSIP NEARLY
CAUSES TRAGEDY
MORE GARBAGE
MEN ARRESTED
RAILROAD ACTIVITY CAUSES
FLUTTER IN CONTRA COSTA
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE -SAN FRANCISCO , CALL, -TUESDAY,. APRIL- 5, 1904.
6
EatuLgog.
scoits
EMULSION
!s the great flesh producer.
Thirty years have proved its
effeciency in throat and lung
troubles and all wasting diseases.
Do not try substitutes, es-
pecially now, when cod liver
oil is so scarce and high. They
are mostly all adulterated with
seal or other cheap oils.
Scott's Emulsion is always
the same. The cod'Tiver oil
used is absolutely pure ; all the
other ingredients^ are also
carefully selected and of thf*
finest quality.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRIDGEWbRk Hi tOSL
-Why wear a cumbersome plate that
cover* the roof of the mouth when
you can have teeth without? Our pro-
fessor of bridgework personally ' su-
•perinterids tlHs work. and furnishes a
written guarantee for ten'vears.'
Painless Methods. .. Cleaninc Free.
Graduates Only. Extraction; Free.
Week Days, 9 to q^; 'Sundays, b^to I.
P^&aduatc Denial !
. San PrvEclico— 3 Tiylcr 3tr«»t
Oakland— 973 Waahlnrton Street.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
._ • - •
' OAKLAXD.
1118 Broadway.
Telephone 3faln 1083.
BERKELEY.
2H8 Center Street-
(i~^-7. Telephone Xortb «7.
ALASIEDA. ,
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4593.L. Teters, who has been applying a
lotion composed- mainly of cyanide of
potassium to his scalp to keep his ¦ hair
from falling out, thought he would see
%vhat .it -'tasted.' like, so -he took a sip,'
which laid him out fiat. 1 At trie Har
bor hossital , Dr." j Stevens; worked t over
him for two hours before, he camel to.
He lives at 2063 Powell street.
Takes Hair Restorer Internally.
Hetty Green sometimes rides in a
$12,000 automobile, but it is owned by
her eon. Edward H. R. Green of the
Texas Midland Railroad.
Be it resolved, That we . approve of the
course of the Assessor In: drawing his salary,
acd also that of the Auditor and of the Treas
urer in auditing and paying the same In ac
cordance -with the express provision of, the
charter amendment recently adopted, govern
ing the rame. , . - . _'
Whereas, This board, in view, of thes* facts,
believes that Assessor Dodge is Justly en
titled to said Increase In his salary from the
time of the adoption of said . charter , amend
ment, and did make an . appropriation for the
ptyment of this Increased -compensation for
the unexj>lred iKirtlon of his term, subsequent
to th» adoption of said charter amendment,
therefore \ .^ ¦ / } ¦ ¦ - .. ¦
Whereat, This board deems that section
8 '4 of the constitution elves to consolidated
city and county povcrnments the control of
the compensation' of officers of such munici
palities; and ;.„, ,~ . ,
Whereas. It Is the duty of this Board to
assume and maintain the . constitutionality of
the charter; and , . . .
Whereas.' More than two-thirds of ' the
voters, voting upon said amendment, expressed
their approval of said Immediate Increase : of
ealary; and .
• Whereas, The charter amendment raising
the salary of Assessor Dodge was drafted and
passed by this body and to provide In specific
terms that the increase of salary should take
effect at once on the adoption of said amend*
ment; and . '......
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
adopted resolutions • approving . the
course of Assessor Dodge in drawing
his Increased salary from February,
1903. The Merchants' Association had
filed a protest against allowing the in
creased salary until after the expira
tion of his last term. The resolution
follows:
Board of Supervisors Declares Tliat
. Assessor Dodge Acted in Strict
Accordance With Charter.
APPROVES COLLECTION*,
i \"? OF INCREASED SALARY
The Canton Valaisls in a depiorable
condition, owing to the recent^ heavy
snowfall, which in many places has
reached a depth of three feet. During
the last nine days there have been five
or six 'avalanches, -some of the masses
being from 150 to 200 yards- in length^
From end to end of the Canton , the
population lives in daily alarm, as fur
ther falls are apprehended. ,- •
Horrors of. the "Avalanche.
The sum of happiness increases with 'the de
crease of fear. The user of "Old Gilt EdgeWhis
key" fears not 111 health, nor Inclement wpath
ct. Wichman. L.ut«en & Co.. 320 Clay st., S. F.»
Fischer's.
"Kismet." a Turkish lyric comedy, is
still the attraction at Fischer's Theater.
"Mr. Pickwick" is still drawing
crowds to the Tivoli and bids fair to
surpass in popularity the pieces that
have preceded At at the new playhouse.
livoli.
ADVERTISING RATES— This publi
cation has no advertising space for sale.
The indications are that It will keep
the publisher poor buying sufficient
white paper to record his own rantings,
without investing in more for yours. —
New York Globe.
One year, in advance, $3 with the
publisher's blessing. Single copies, in
arrears. 10 cents, no blessing.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES— This mag
azine is distributed without charge so
long as the publisher's finances will
hold out. If. however, you insist upon
pryTrent for it, the price* will be as
loilows: r '.y. ¦*
Iowa, the home of the Cherry Sis
ters. Ballard, the Red Oak Bard: the
Iowa Idea, and other celebrated freaks,
has now given birth to a Purple-Cow
f:nd-Philistine sort of publication called
Hatchings. Charles E. May of Dubuque
is the publisher, and he sends forth to
the world the following announce
ments:
Hie "Hatching*"' of Dubuqne.
Marshall Darrach's Shakespearean
recital attracted a large and cultured
audience to Stein way Hall last night.
"Hamlet" was the subject, which was
treatrd in a thoughtful and serious
manner. Mr. Darracli recited por
tions of all the principal scenes in the
tragedy and in some of them showed
considerable dramatic ability.
<ii\cs Shako«i>carcaii Recital.
"Hoot, yir Worship! -Dlnna b'leeve it.
Bluid is theeker than thae best o*
wather, an' forbye we hae our little
scrimmages out, o' puir fun, we are
brlthers ane tae anither," said the
Scotchman, andas he shifted from one
foot to another his- arm squeezed the
bagpipes and the pipes began to play.
The court spectators and the prisoners
braced up and the piper said to the
Magistrate: ' .
"Gin 1 play ye ane o' Burns' malodies
wull yir Worship let me gang awa'
hame?" - : ."i>' > ; , •
"Never mind the tune. I'll' let you go
without it,". "replied the . Magistrate as
he discharged the' man. — New.. York
Press. ..
"I thought the Scotch had only con
tempt for the Irish, as an eminent
clergyman was reported'.to have said,"
remarked the Magistrate. ,
"A man, that gets drunk loses his
character, his money and everything
else," said Magistrate Crane.
"I wes druggit. yir Worship, an- nae
drunk. I was robbit tae boot, an' thae
carle teckit a' my siller," responded the
prisoner. -
"The policeman says you were intoxi
cated in front-of 'a saloon," went on the
Magistrate. ; ~~,S~7
"Nae doot there was a tavern near
by. but thae wee drap I drlnkit wadna
mek a Hieland lad like. mysel' sae un
steady. I was sure druggit whilk gle
ing a hand tae celebrate thae glorious
day."
"What has a Scotchman to do with
St. Patrick's day?" inquired the Magis
trate. ' :
VJist a freendly speerit wi* thae
ithers." . * %;¦
Donald McDonald, a Scotch piper,
had an American flag and an Irish flag
in one hand and carried his bagpipes
under his arm when he was arraigned
in the Yorkville Police Court recently.
He was charged by Policeman Flan
nlgan with being intoxicated at Third
avenue and Thirty-fifth street. "
Offered to Play a Tune to Support
His Plea, but Judge
' Said "No."
SCOTCH. PIPER'S REASONS
FOR HIS CELEBRATING
"In the treatment of cancer" and
other malignant growths rapid prog
ress is being made in a combined use
of Rontgen,and Finsen rays, with
their respective germicidal and cura
tive properties."— London Mail. .
"The ' latest apparatus does in five
minutes what some of the lights used
in our hospitals take sixty minutes to
effect Owing to its favorable effect
upon the pigments, the light treat
ment is now widely used in cases of
almost all face and skin troubles,
with minor afflictions are some
times unintentionally benefited. An
old colonel, recently treated- for ec
zema of the scalp .found to his de
light that as the skin affection disap
peared a fresh v growth of hair was
coming all over his head.
"Repeated application of the Flnsen
light In a powerful form are given un
til the bJod corpuscles are stimulated
to such an extent that by distention
of the cells and other resultant pro
cesses new tissue is formed and scars
disappear with the healing of the
wound.
"Scars *re'movM< > >vhne?f3-pujr:' n '.a' t ''
might.' be the. motto i of Borne v - of : the
members of the medical profession 'In
London, for the" advent of the, "light
cure" has enabled them to remove all
traces of recent wounds, whether in
flicted in war or by the surgeon's knife.
Lately quite a number of British subal
terns have sought out the "light curer"
for the removal of face wounds received
In South Africa. The custom is rapidly
growing of surgeons sending their pa
tients to have the scars left by opera
tions removed. A "light curer" re
cently gave the folowing description of
the process:
British Subalterns "{Have :" Usfly War
Scars Removed -by the. Firisen
.._. ¦:' :>. Light, Cure.:}.,?; ; r--/;^'
METHOD OF, RESTORING -. ;
SOLDIERS' ¦ MARRED FACES
Brilliant Gathering of the City's
Representative' People Applauds
Well Rendered Programme.
Th" concert of the Loring Club at
Native Sons' Hall last night was a
tremendous artistic and social suc
cess. The members of the club were
evidently inspired by the brilliant
audience before them, as they sang
with unusual spirit and enthusiasm.
Every number was encored. One of
th<? g-rms of the evening was the
chorus, "'.Sing. Sing, Music Was
Given." which was received with
great favor. The club had the assist
ance of the Bernat Jaulus string
quartet, whkh gave effective support
to some of the chorus numbers and
which also rendered two numbers for
strings alone in a praiseworthy man
ner.
The audience, which crowded the
hall to overflowing:, was composed of
tho representative people of the city.
The women were handsomely gowned
and as they all had donned gorgeous
Easter picture hats, which they were
permitted to wear during the con
cert, the hall had the appearance of
r Rower garden.
LAIRING CUCVk COXCEKT
DELIGHTS BIC; AUDIENCE
Hawley and Vass, "somewhat differ
ent" comedians, made hits at both per
formances at the Chutes yesterday
with their skit, "After the Wedding,"
and Agnes Miles, known as the "Annie
Moore Girl." sang well and told a lot
of amusing stories. "Dutch" Walton
evoked »;ueer music from odd instru
ments, Clark's comedy dog circus re
peated the success of last week and
the Sheck brothers, the wonderful
hand balancers; Mabel Lamson, the
popular singer of illustrated songs, and
the animatoscope, showing many new
and amusing moving pictures, com
pleted a capital programme. The ama
teurs will'appear on Thursday night.
The Chutes.
Eugenie Thais Lawton was a charm
ing Aouda and Edna EllsmerV made
the most of the small part of Ayeesha.
Elmer Booth! as Detective" Fix. in his
numerous character makeups, filled ths
bill creditably, and the cast throughout
was meritorious. Myrtle Vane made a
hit in the "Song of the City," leading
a large chorus of prettily dressed girls.
In the Oriental scene there is. a ballet
of fifty girls. A champagne dance and
a Persian dance were fascinating feat
ures of the performance. The costumes
were very elaborate.'- In one of the
Asiatic scenes the redoubtable Phineas
Fogg— ably impersonated by ' Herschel
Mayall— makes a< sensational entrance
perched upon the •_ lofty saddle of "a
camel. Henry ;Shumer, as the big
hearted and open-handed "American,
divided honors with Mr. Mayall, ' and
Millar^ Bacon showed up amazingly
well as Passepartout. . . • -f.vJ>3 . :
The Central Theater's "big Easter
week" attraction. "Around the World
in Eighty- D*ays," captured a crowded
house last night and aroused greater
enthusiasm than any production seeu
at that playhouse this .winter..'.. There
are many striking scenic effects, em
bracing steamships, railroad trains and
a snowstorm. A particularly effective
illusion was the blowingup and sink
ing of a ship in midocean.
Central.
On hearing of his fiancee's Illness,
Albert Thatcher was greatly affected
liut insisted that the marriage *take
psacc rt the appointed time. Accord
ing to his w !sh. the ceremony was per*
frnitd by Father Bell of Santa Clara
\\h:le the bride lay suffering from an
p.cute attack of appendicitis. An opcr
ftion will fol'ov to-day. It will be
many days before the bride is fully re
covered from her illness.
Miss Esther King and Miss Eugenic
!%aricer art other victims of Cu
1-id's prowess. Miss King will marry
) upene Cahoon, a newspaper man of
this city, while Miss Barker will share
the joys and sorrows of Wilfred F.
Mills of Denver. The ueddinp of the
last named couple will take place in
Denver, after which they will come to
this city, where Mr. Mills has large
buslseex Interests. •
Marie Mallory. who has charmed her
libtcnojfc since the new Tivoli opened,
is tho first of the three to be married,
but it is to be Sloped that those to fol
low her will not suffer the same un
fortunate environment that prevailea
at her wedding last Sunday.
Miss Mallory was taken ill last Sat
urday afternoon and her mother in
forn-.ed the Tivoli management that it
v.euid be Impossible for her daughter
tc take her part In Saturday night's
rlay- ,
Two talented young women that have
letome popular with Tivoll audjences
ale about to embark on matrimony'?;
Ecas, while a third is already a bride.
- The roadway o'f Ha.lght. street, oppo
si.te;the termination of Belvedere street,
was accepted conditionally.'
. The Sanitary j Reduction Works was
granted a permit for a. spur track on
Berry/Seventh, Division, De Haro and
Alameda streets.
A demand • was ordered drawn for
$1000 in favor of. A. Wenzelburger for
experting the accounts of the Spring
Valley Water Company during March.
A • resolution was adopted . ordering
the refunding to the Hobbs f estate of
$994 75 paid as taxes on non-assessable
bonds purchased .with money with
drawn from bank prior to the first
Monday in March and on that account
assessed by Assessor Dodge. '
rThe board accepted a deed to certain
lands for the opening" of Devisadero
street, "from '. Duboce avenue to Four
teenth street.
Bids, were to be Invited for
the printing of the delinquent tax list.
'A demand for $662 50 was ordered
drawn, In favor, of J. H. Dockweller for
expertfservices In the suit of the Spring
Valley Water: Company against the
city.. - V .':-¦' . . ;:
The : board ordered the performance
ofistreefwork on- Pacific avenue, from
Webster to'Fillmore streets, and the
changing of grades on Clinton Park.
¦The petltipn of the South San Fran
cisco Dock Company that the City At
torney.; be Instructed not to appeal from
the judgment ."'of Judge Murasky that
alleged streets on the property of the
company have no legal existence was
referred to .the. Judiciary Committee.
The, amendment to the building or
dinance requiring unobstructed pass
ageways to fire escapes was passed to
print. 'I- •¦ : [ ' {'-' —I"
'The vote on ' final passage showed
three Supervisors— Alpers, , Finn and
Rea— were : against the ordinances, and
twelve in- favor. -
. The Atchison. Topeka and Santa Fe
Railway Company was -granted an ex
tension of r time, from, April : 30, 1904, to
July. 1, .1904, '.within which to complete
the Nineteenth footbridge over
its proposed track system at Indiana
street, t , /
The . Board , of , Supervisors finally
passed, the two ordinances extending
theMimits within "which 'rock crushing
or quarrying | are prohibited. The or
dinances are? designed to. prevent Gray
Bros, from blasting, and crushing rock
on * Thirtieth street, near Castro, and
are identically the same as those ve
toed recently y by Mayor Schmitz, . the
Supervisors not . mustering _the neces
sary/fourteen votes to override the
vetos. -. •"';.i'-* 1
The ordinance regulating the right of
way of vehicles upon public streets was
rereferred to "the Judiciary Committee.
A representative of the K Labor Council
objected to the ordinance, claiming; it
is too sweeping and_ would "result" :in
numerous arrests of teamsters \ /'who
would not turn out to, give street cars
the right of way. Comte said the ordi-,.
nance was.simply.a re-enactment of an
bid law that' had been oh .the statute
books 'for- twenty-one' years. " .
: The Committee on .Artificial Lights
' filed,a report with the Board of Super
visors yesterday stating /that ' 'it will
consider- the matter, of the ordinance
fixing gas rates for the next' fiscal year
on Monday, April 11, at 4 p. m., at
¦"Which time' all* persons' interested may
appear and present their views..
The committee received a communi
cation from the SanFrancisco Gas and
Electric Company ; calling ' In : question
the correctness of the committee's for
mer report, In which. It was claimed
that a 90-cent gas -rate Is adequate.
The "San Francisco .Labor Council
added its protest to the' many now on
file against the ordinance restricting
public speaking on. the { streets."
The Merchants* Association petitioned
that a reception be tendered* A. W.-
Cooley, United States , Service . Commis
sioner, and E. . H.\ Goodwin,^ secretary
of the National .Civil Service Reform
League, upon their arrlvJU^n this city
on April 13. , „>. 7 .
The board received notification of a
call. for" a State conventlon-to be held
at Santa Barbara on' April 19 and 20
for the organization of. a State Camino
Real association and the election , of
delegates to the National Good "Roads
convention to be held at St.' Louis on
May .16, 1904. The Mayor was author
ized by resolution to appoint a.com
mittee to attend the two conventions.
The Grand Jury, filed an estimate that
It will require during the -next fiscal
year the sum of $2000, of which $1200
is for a stenographer,' $400- for a book
expert and $400 for sundry expenses.
; The petition of the. guards employed
at the branch county jails : for sub
mission to the . electors of,, a proposi
tion to amend the! charter by provid
ing for: an increase of their salaries to
?900 per -year -was referred to the Char
ter Amendment Committee.
Santa Fe Company Allowed
Until July 1 to Complete
Nineteenth Street Bridge
Receives j Notification of a
Movement to Form a State
Camino Real Association
INVITED TO CONVENTION
GIVEN TIME EXTENSION
Frank Rush worth looks well and
acts nicely as the soldier, lover, and Ar
thur Lawrerfce makes up realistically
as Bonaparte and faithfully follows, the
traditional gestures of that celebrated
man. Comedian Joe Herbert shatters
the Parisian atmosphere by American
izing alLthe humcr. allotted to him and
ihtroducmg a groat deal of stuff that
Is not 'to be found in French literature.
In the four acts of "Mam'selle Napo
kon" as presented by Anna Held and
her people last evening at the Colum
bia Theater there is sufficient of the
most popular elements of go-called
musical comedy to satisfy the most ex
acting admirer of that class of enter
tainment. The dramatic situations run
the gamut from lofty tragedy to ec
centric comedy, the music embraces
everything from plagiarized oratorio to
Interpolated ragtime, both inclusive,
and the stage pictures are marvels of
luxurious scenic art. As musical com
edy is a commonly accepted synonym
for incongruity, the less said about the
story, its mode of narration and its ap
propriateness of illustration the better.
But. taken either in sections or Its en
tirety, "Mam'selle Napoleon" is very
far ahead In both quantity and quality
of the best of its species that preceded
it on the same stage. In comparison it
reduces the luster of "A Chinese
Honeymoon" to the illumination afford
ed by a tallow dip, and It takes all the
sheen off "The Silver Slipper." Even
the big "Weber-Fields show, that did
such tremendous business for two
weeks at the Grand Opera-house, would
appear a paltry affair if stacked up
against "Mam'selle Napoleon."
Briefly told, the tale revolves around
a Parisian actress that loves an officer
of Napoleon's favorite guards. This at
tachment is utilized by the Minister of
Police to promote one 'of his political
tricks, and in the development of the
sub-plot quite a number of famous his
torical personages, including the great
little Corslcan himself, are introduced.
Much of the original coherence of the
tale has been. ignored in the American
translation — or at least the Anna Held
production— and inference is taxed to
connect the remaining glimpses. But
the costumery and the upholstery have
been left Intact, and there are other
things than the story to engage the in
terest of the average witness. Chief of
them is Miss Held herself.
The dainty little woman Is very
n-.uch in evidence throughout the piece,
end her magnetism never wanes for an
instant. Her delicious accent In song
or speech Is no more expressive than
her eloquent* eyes or her -, sinuous
shrugs, and her art Is accentuated by
the mediocrity of her supporting prin
cipals of her own sex. . Handsome wo
men they arc, all of .them,' and they,
display * their physical ? graces to the
very best advantage, but there is not
an artist among them. The. petite
star's body guard of twelve tall and
shapely "show girls" is a sight in it
self worth going to see. and occasion
ally a young. woman s^eps out of the
chorus and does something clever in a
terpsichorean way, but the vocal side
of the production is neither fair nor
middling.
Columbia.
Laughter reigned throughout the per
formance, and the gratified house will
probably tell its neighbor that Mrs.
Fiske Is at her tiest in comedy. She is,
this week.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.j
"worn-out stomach and heart." Max
Figman is slightly too rapid of speech
as the lover Gratlgnan, but a delightful
fop, and the others all conspire to the
successor the piece. • --. -¦>
Mrs. Fiske is gayety. inconsequence,
charm it pelf as the foolish wife, won
hack to her husband by his device of
pretending to agree to a divorce. Bos
worth's husband is only too handsome
for his description of a person with
As surprising In this fashion, as it
was wholly delightful, is Mrs. Fiske's
flower girl in "A Bit of Old Chelsea."
In new Arabian Nights' fashion the
girl faints outside of an artist's studio
and is brought in to share his lodging
for the night. Nothing could be more
charming than the ingenuous yet ex
perienced, courteous yet unconvention
al, brave, clean-hearted, self-respecting
lassie that Mrs. Fiske pictures. So
easily the character might be sloppily
sentimental, so breezily wholesome is
it, with the freshness of a daisy, the
salt charm pt a sea breeze. Her exit,
where with the gift of her freshest
flower to the sleeping artist, she leaves
her host cf the night, is of the things
that stick in the throat. Frank Gil
more, who wore the toga in "Mary of
Magdala" so effectively, helps out well
as the artist and the others fill in to
every advantage.
"Divorcons" is remarkable after the
second incarnation of Mrs. Fiske as
Cyprienne for the discovery of the
raison d'etre of Hobart Bosworth, who
has failed severely so far in the Fiske
engagement. As DesPrunelles Bosworth
vindicates his right to act. He carries
off th? character of the undeceived
husband with convincing lightness and
good humor. The whole thing floats
in fact. It is as French as Sardou him
self. The company throughout catches
the humor on *t.
Lust night the actress gave us two
new glimpses of her protean art In
"Divorcons" and "A Bit of Old Chel
sea" J-the very thistledown of comedy
and fantasy at Its prettiest. One could
hardly get further* from the "Hedda
GabJer" of last' week, unless it were to
the "Mary of Magdala" of the week
before; nor could Mrs. Fiske get fur
ther. Nay, but this woman is a won
derful thing!
• To be the Hedda saturate of poisoned
brilliancy; the estatlc regenerate, Mary;
the feather-headed Cyprienne; the
swoet-hearted child of the slums, Alex
andria Victoria Belchamber— all , -with
equal conviction, is. a task to which
the "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde" study
in split personalities Is merest a b c.
And Mrs. Fiske fully fulfills It. Versa
tility is a childish term for the variety
of her genius. It is with her a com
plete transformation for the time being
into the character of the moment, each
note of it struck sharply true and vi
tally differentiated from its neighbor
key. «•
Like Auburn's simple folk, one Is con
strained afresh to wonder "tha^pne
small head could carry all*" he ¦ (she)
knew" — of Mrs. Fiske, obviously, for is
she not here?
The little company shows that it had
ample time to'prepare for the bill this
week, during the big run of "Parsifal"
by the snappy way in which the farce
goes off. Mr. Durkin looks better. In a
dress suit than In bearskins, and by
the same token Miss Block seems to be
more at home when freed from the
tatterdemalion garments: of Kundry.
Their acting seems to indicateMhat a
reversion to the lighter form of art is
somewhat of a relief. Alkof the mem
ber^ of the cast are sprightly in their
work and the first appearance on any
stage of Sachire Olda; intelligent Jap
anese school boy, is a noteworthy
feature of the show.
If anything were needed to prove the
versatility of the Alcazar company, the
ease with which it descends from, the
sublime of "Parsifal" to the ridiculous
of "On the Quiet" should -fill that of
fice. This week the solemnity and high
religrious fervor of Wagner's master
piece give way most gracefully, to the
rollicking sport of Augustus Thomas'
farce, and though- there Is no trump.et
peal to herald in the } opening of the
play, the salvos of the audience punc
tuate the entire three acts with much
more material sound.
Alcazar.
There are a great .many people en
gaged in the production of "Mam'selle
Napoleon." and a'll "of them are busily
engaged most of the time. Long waits
between acts are fully repaid by th.j
elaborateness v of the picture disclosed
by each rising curtain. . J
In this he is aided and abetted by
Comedian Knox Wilson, who plays
modern tunes on a saxophone with rare
effectiveness. Franz -Ebert, the .most
perfectly- proportioned and most tal
ented midget on earth, also contributes
to the comedy that was not hivented
In France.
Board Again Finally .Passes
Two Ordinances to Restrict
the Cruslyng of Rock
Marie Mallory Becomes Wife
of Albert Thatcher. Who
Refuses to Put Off Wedding
_ — «
IS 3IAKU1KI) OX SICKBED
Women From Sta^re to Em
bark on Sea of Matrimony
Cupid Calls Three Charming
Supervisors' Light Commit
tee Sets Time for Recon
sideration of Ordinance
"Divorcons" and "A. Bit of Old Cheisea" Delight Anew
¦ Admirers of the Great Actress— Anna H eld's Produc
tion, "Mam'selle Nrpoleon," Pleases Large Audience
MINNIE MADDERN FISKE
SCORES HIT IN COMEDY
TIVOLI LOSES
SWEET SINGERS
PUTS BLASTING
UNDER THE BAN
PLAN FIXING
OF GAS RATES
THE SA^ FRANCISCO,; GALIi, -TUESDAY,; ;APRIL 5. 1904.
7
THE WEEKL.Y CALL, |$1 PER -YEAR
BARTLETT
L ,-.| Thclishinu J
lrOUt season opened I Dear
1 I ¦ April 1st. K 1
And those _•' .-who enjoy catching the
speckled beauties will ' find rare eport at
Bartlett during the months of April and
May.
The Ximrod- who would hunt bear and
other large game can secure, the services
of an old mountafneer .and hunter, with
good bear does- and saddle animals.
They set a good table ' at Bartlett, and
everything is : done ' to make the guests
comfortable and contented.
RATES $12 to $17.50 per week
Write to J. E. McMAHAX. Bartlett
Springs. Cal., or call at 2 gutter 'street.
San Frnnctsco.
• j 1 ; — — : ¦- .-
HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
Qi/Ji/*/*Q COUNTY; only 4^4 hours
0A/lC7C7O from San Francisco and
:' but 9 miles staging; -.wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; bwst natural
hot mineral water bath In State: boating and
swimming in \%arm Springs Creek; good trout
"«?"." telephone, telegraph, dally mail. ex-
Dress and San Francisco morning and. evening
papers" FIRST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
8ERV1CK: both morning and afternoon stages:
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tlburon ferry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
Rates $2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Patronage .of.
1903 unprecedented. Information at Peck e In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery St., or of
j. F. MULGREW, Skaggs. Cal. .
OwnSminer Hams l, n £ "on^l-a CamDMeeter
Pure water, equable climate, lot* celling $10-
up;. cottages built by Meeker. $50. up; depot:
stores:' restaurant: hotel; post .and. express;
telephone; sawmill;. 900 lots sold: 300 cottages
built. ' Sausallto ferry. - N. S. R. R. M. C.
MEEKER, Camp Meeker, Sonoma County."
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous ." mountain health .- and pleasure
resort Is now oi>en for the patronage of the
public. Address JOHN JACOBS.
LOS GATOS.
HOTEL , LYNDON— Modern ' Improvements,
extensive: grounds:- popular amusements; 'lawn
tennis, croquet; ' climate unsurpassed.- Opposite
depot. . / ; J. . P. ./MOGKNSO.V. Prop. .
T U X E DO H O T EL . '
, -Extensively Improved - since -• last* . season.
Opens April 1. THOS. I*. BELL. Mgr.,' Felton.
Cal. , , Buy } tickets ;o ' Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
foot of Market street. Round trlp."$o.OO.
BOWELL if;r.W00DW6RTirSiW« ¥ &
¦ No : fog. ' Purest spring ¦ water.-- Climate : nature 1
tonic , and , Invlgorator. ¦ Residence 20 ' years. ' $J
per week. Wood worth & Muller.' St. Helena. Cal.
THE GEYSERS
The Most Famous Health and Plea«ux«
Besort In California.' ¦ '
THE CLIMATE AND SCEXERT are uaiur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged :th •
be^t on the market. Natural _jcniE?raI. steam
and ' Hammam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral- wat?r. Boatin*. hunting. " flshins,
dancinsr, shurfle-board. billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGE& haVe b#en
reno-fated throughout, and new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year. .
There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable in connection with the hotel. Th»
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds • are
lighted by electricity. ¦.* - -
The hotel will be supplied with th« beet th«
market affords. Rates. *1O. $12. $14 and Jlfi
per week. For further particulars and .booklet
write R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Geysers.
" ' Sonoma County. ¦ California.
VACATION 1904
; IS HOW READY FOR DISTHIBDTiOH.
'.'Vacation" Is Issued annually by ,
the
CaliiorniaNorth western R'y
THE PICTURESQUE ROUTS OT CALirOSSU
and fs the standard publication
on the Pacific Coast for informa-
tion regarding lil^V]
MINERAL /SPRING r RESORTS,
COUNTRVHOMES AND FARMS
WHERE "SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAM P-
INC' SPOT S^UPpBHB
This year's edition. "Vacation
1904" contains over 150 -pages,
beautifully ' illustrated, and 13
j complete in its 'detailed informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractlong, terms, etc!
To be had in response to « mail-i 1 *-
ciuest, or. at .Ticket Offices, 650, Market
Street (Chronicle Building).' and Tiburora
Kerry, foot ' of? Market , Street: /General
Office. Mutual Life Building, corner, of
Sansome _<and California Streets, San
Francisco. •
• R. X. RTAX; GenH Pass'rr.Vgent.
¦ H. : . C. WHITING. Genl Manager.
-TT~ ~ —r- ; r"~v . . .. ' - ; - ' -- - ¦
PCDfiCHPIH Delignt'u'ly situated li» ,th«
DCnUOllClnl Santa Cruz Red^ooas. Rates
$7jafld"$s:p«r week. For clrcul»r»»ddress U.
F. B1EDENWEC. R. D. .121. Santa Crur. Cat.
ROCKY Falls Farm.' 4 miles front Santa. Cruz.
Mn mts.. O.M.Shtpp<fy«»4 K.F.D..8nta Crjx.
ADVZSTISEMENTS.
MUNYON'S
I^IljyitlJJIJuO
Never So Popular With the People as They
Are, To-Day.*
THEY SAFEGUARD THE HOME
It would be difficult to overestimate the good which mv remedies
have done— or, the amount of happiness they have brought into. the homes
of during the 12 years that have elapsed since I first offered
them to the people and told them that they would prevent or cure most
of the diseases which threaten the lives of parents and children. Every
promise made for them has been kept, every claim established, and to-day
Munyon's Remedies are recognized as standard, not only by the people,
but by physicians, medical schools, colleges and the medical world in
general. " ?
X have demonstrated beyond the possibility of doubt — that my Cold Cure-will
cure new colds, old stubborn colds and prevent Pneumonia, Bronchitis. Grippe,
Catarrh and even more dangerous diseases. . . ,. ; -¦- . -
That My Rheumatism Cure — is .1 positive specific for all forms of Rheuma-
tism, usually driving: away the pain within 12 hours. ' j
That My Kidney Cure— has cured more cases of diseased kidneys and ward-
ed off more cases of Brisht's Disease than any other known remedy. ;.
That My Liver and Blood Cures — work like magic in making people well and
keeping. them free from Biliousness, Constipation. Skin Eruptions, Headache,
etc. •
That My Cough Cure— will stop a Cough and keep It from going down into
the bronchial tubes and onto the lungs more certainly than anything yet dis-
covered. ... ; '
That All My. Other Remedies — are just as efficacious, just as safe and just as
certain in results as are the ones mentioned. . . f
And Wow Mnnyon's Paw-Paw Tonic and Munyon's Paw-Paw Xiaxatlve . Pills
take their place in the line as the best stomach, nerve, general debility reme-
dies known to science or the Materia Medica. - •
With this combination of cures the dangers of sickness can be minimized
and even death kept at bay. I urge all who are sick or ailing, all who are de-. ¦
spondent or depressed to pin their faith to remedies which have been tried and
their worth proved In the homes of the people. To all of these I say with all
the earnestness of which I am capable: My remedies will bring: yon health and
hapnlness. Only the reckless can afford to doubt it. — MUNYON. .
Mnnyon's Remedies for sale at all dnmristsY also Mnnyon's Paw-Paw Tools
and Paw-Paw Iiaxatlve Pills. . - ' *
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
S O Z O D O N T
"Good fox Bad Teeth >-^not\ Bad for -.good Teeth:*
In a New Patent Can; which* keeps tKe dirt out and;
the flavor in. while economizing the Powder as used.
No^aste, ; AbsbliitelyPure Antiseptic
No Spilling NoAcidinbGrit Saponaceous
At the stores or- by mailr free 1 for thel price
Hai.i« &;RucKSt, NewYork. "
ADVERTISEMENTS.
For Long Journeys
To inrigorato and fortifj
the system for exertion use
LIEBIG
COMPANY'S
Extract of Beef
Far better as a refresher
and stimulant than alcohoL
A Bracer without reaction.
0£fa Clear the Voice.
Relieve tlieThroat
- Cure Coughs and Colds.
j In Bags enic- AooH ir-J.talions.TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
has been at much pains;of late to purchase
large quantities of. ammunition. >.:It. is a tragedy to /see
nationsV much more perhaps than individuals, pay ' to se*
cure the means that shall accomplish their own undoing.
United States Senator Gorman is authority for the
assertion that honest • men in this country are not rare.
It is very evident that the, distinguished Senator does
nbt^permit his political prejudices "to dictate his personal
friendships. * .'
"If this sketch should happen to meet
the eye of anyof that' band that left
M Jsscuri at a place called Iva Point,
thirty miles up the ' Missouri lliver
A certain pioneer of the early days,
C. ; N. Phillips by name," has asked The
Call to assist him In .learning thu
whereabouts of the members - of his
party which came over the plains in
the spring of 1852. We ptibllsh h«s de
scription of the trip: - '
A Pioneer Band.
Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman- has taken the pains
publicly to ask Premier Balfour to resign and the latter
has promptly and emphatically refused. One, hardly
knows whom most to a'dmire in this incident—Banner
man for his unmitigated nerve or Balfour; for his pal
pably superb contempt for the fitness of things. : I
a UGUST BELMONT was for years the agent of
/\ Rothschild and chairman of the Democratic Na
¦*¦ V. tional Committee. His son, August, is a Demo
cratic politician in New York, with a genius for party
management. Last week he visited Washington to con
fer with members of the party, in Congress, for the sup
posed purpose of. reconciling Tammany to an instructed
delegation. Hon. "William Randolph Hearst has since
been busy trying to make Belmont feel that in visiting
Washington he entered the enemy's country. .,
Mr. Hearst informs the readers of his newspapers, by
the use of several of the longest leased wires in, the'
world, that Mr'. Belmont is "a cold aristocrat^." .Pro
ceeding upon this reference to temperature as a political
issue, Mr. Hearst further impeaches himfor stopping at
the New Willard Hotel in Washington, and/ there being
cousulted by Senators Carmack, Blackburn and Dubois,
who exposed themselves V> frost bite by association
with this' refrigerated , aristocrat. Hearst charges , that
Belmont is an icicle used by Judge Parker to put,' the
Hearst boom in cold storage, and asks- the Democracy
if that sort of thing is to their taste?/
His indictment ; has many counts. He. charges that
this frozen aristocrat has put in his time battling for in-"
TROUBLE FOR BELMONT.
General Booth-Tuckerihas been in San Francisco on
a tour of inspection of Salvation Army posts. He came
in a good cause and found worthy representatives of the
great system of which he is so distinguished a leader.
The missionary labors of the Salvation Army achieve a
result in every community that society would regret
deeply 10 lose. '
An interesting railroad relic, remin
iscent of the first days of the steam
locomotive, has been discovered, in tlfe
north of England. The Liverpooland
Manchester Railroad Company, the
first public road constructed, it will
be remembered, ' inaugurated a com
petition in the latter part of the twen
ties of the past century for a loco
motive, in which Stephenson and other
inventors participated. Three engines
—the "Rocket," by Stephenson; the
"Sans Pareil," by Hackworth, and the
"Novelty," by Bralthwaite and Erics
son respectively — participated in the
trials that were carried out in 1830.
As is well known, Stephenson's "Rock
et" secured the award of S2500, which
was offered, as being the most suitable
engine attaining a speed of twenty
nine miles per hour. The "Sans Pa
reil" was second with a speed of twen
ty-three ' miles per hour, while the
"Novelty" withdrew from the trials
owing to the joints of the boiler giving
way when the. locomotive had trav
eled only three miles. Both the
"Rocket" and the "Sans . Pareil" are
now preserved in the South Kensing
ton Museum, but the "Novelty" myste
riously disappeared, and was never
found again until quite recently. It
appears that Ericsson was so morti
fied by the failure" of his conception
that he left it with his friend, Mr.
Melling, who possessed engineering
works located upon a space adjoining
the Rainhill. Station. These „ works
were subsequently . dismantled and . the
premises, were occupied by the .Rain
hill Gas and Water : Company. The
"Novelty" .was thus lost sistht of, but
it has now been recognized working
as a stationary engine, the .wheels
having been removed for this purpose
and its identity thus "somewhat dis
guised. Attempts are to be made to
secure this third premier locomotive
and to place it alongside, of its two
contemporaries in the South Kensing
ton Museum.— Scientific American.
r An Ancient Locomotive.
What's in a Name?
The "Washington Star has culled, from,
the Postal Guide a list of some of the
curiously named postofflces. Here aTe
a few: Tub. Pa.: Robbers Roost, I. T.;
Bird in Hand, Pa.; Lamedeer, Mont.:
Popcorn. Ind.: Why Not, Ky.; Hat Off.
Ga.; Sopchoppy, Fla.: Jugtown, N. C;
Sevenstars, Pa.; Fearnot, Pa.: Judy
town. W. Va.; Pig. Ky., and Good
night. Ky. ;'-¦/:&
May not California modestly add
You Bet. Red Dos. JImtown, Angela
Camp and Shingletown? v_v;'.v
Answers to Queries.
FOR WOMEX-L, Oakland. Cal.
Women who are sick are treated free
in San Francisco at the Free Poly
clinlc and at the City and County Hos
pital.
DISTANCE— S.. City. The distance
from Market and Kearny streets In San
Francisco to Scott and Fell via Mar
ket and Fell streets 13 11.000 feet, o'r
two miles and 440 feet.
CARNEGIE'S GIFT— B. W., City.
The gift of Andrew Carnegie to San
Francisco for the purpose of construct-,
ing a free public library wag duly ac
cepted on the terms proposed, but as
yet the authorities have not selected a.
site upon which to erect the same. '
NEVADA^ TOLL ROADS— For in
formation about the toll roads .that
were built in the State^of Nevada dur
ing the earlv sixties and those who
were granted authority to build them,
address a communication to the Secre
tary of State, Carson City.
SMOKELESS POWDER— O. K.-/W:;
City.. Smokeless powder Is manufac
tured in different parts of the world
and is used under one name or another,
each being some form of that kind of
powder, in Austria, Denmark, France,
Germany, Holland, Japan. Norway,
Russia, Spain. Sweden, Switzerland,
Turkey and the United States.
PROPERTY— Subscriber, Sacramento,
Cal. 'If a woman marry a man pos
sessed of real estate in his own name,
and the husband should die, the dis
position of that property would depend
upon whether he made a will. Being
separate property, he would have had
the right to dispose of it as he wished,
but if he died without having left a
will and there being no children, the
wife would be entitled to. one-half and
the other half would go to the- other
heirs of the deceased.
STOCKS— W. M., Santa Rosa, Cal.
The capital stock of a corporation, in
cluding all unpaid subscriptions there
to, constitute a trust fund for the
benefit of the creditors of the corpora-'
tion. Common'stdck is that issued by
the corporation for sale* to whosoever
wishes to buy. Preferred' stock Is a
certain proportion of the capital stock
which takes dividends before the com-.
mon : stock. "Watered stock is a term
used to. designate an unusual increase
of the capital stock. Before a corpora
tion can Increase or decrease its cap
ital . stock every one i in whose name
stock stands must be notified. What
the effect of Increasing the stock of a
corporation is depends upon conditions.
The opportunity of studying under such a group of
leaders in every department of learning is sufficient to
excite the emulation of all students, whether they aspire
to the attainment of expert knowledge in some special
department of learning or to general culture. It is
reasonable, therefore, to expect that the students,
whether judged by numbers or by earnestness, will be
worthy of the advantages offered them. The issue is, in
fact, one in which the whole.State may well take an in
terest, for the success of this great undertaking of the
university will reflect credit upon the commonwealth and
add to the reputation of, California for intellectual asWell
as for material eminence among the States of the Union.
OF old it was said: "Nothing is invented and per
fected at the same time." If there be an excep
tion to the general rule embodied in that state
-ment, it is to be found in the system of summer schools,
which has' but recently beeii adopted by our universities,
and yet which has been well nigh perfected ,by the in
ventors of it. In the comparatively short time in which
the summer sessions of the leading universities have
been in operation, enough has been accomplished to give
them a high prestige among our educational institu
tions and to assure their permanency as a part of the
work of the university for the advancement of knowl
edge and the diffusion of culture.
It is gratifying to Californians that in no university
of the country has a greater measure of success been
attained by these sessions than in our own State Univer
sity, whose summer school, now ranks as one of the
Three foremost in the Union, holding place along with
the summer schools of Harvard and o/ Chicago. In
deed, it is quite probable that during the coming sum
mer the work of the sessions at the University of Cali
fornia may take precedence over all, for the array of
lecturers and instructors that have been engaged for the
various courses constitutes a body of teachers and
scientists hardly to be equaled anywhere.
The recently published announcement of the coming
summer school which is to begin June 27 and continue
for six weeks presents a programme of twenty-six
courses. The statement goes on to say:
"Instruction will be given not only. by members of the
regular faculty of the university but by a number of
well-known men of letters and of science from Eastern
universities and from Europe. Among tnese will be
Sir William Ramsay, professor of chemistry in University
College, London; Hugo de Vries, professor of botany in
the University of Amsterdam; Svante August Arrhenius,
professor of physics in the University of Stockholm;
James Ward, fellow of Trinity College and professor of
mental philosophy in the University of Cambridge; Regi
nald Aldworth Daly, geologist to Canada for the Inter
national Boundary Commission; Frederick Jackson Tur
ner, director of the School of History and professor of
American history in the University of Wisconsin; Fran
cis Barton Gummere, professor of English in Haverford
College; Morris Hicky Morgan, professor of classical
philology in Harvard University; Albert Augustus Stan
ley,^ professor of music in the University of Michigan;
Frank Morton McMurry, professor of t.he theory and
practice of teaching, Teachers' College, Columbia Uni
versity; Hammond Larnont, managing editor of the
New York Evening Post, formerly professor of rhetoric
in Brown University; Charles Hall, Grandgent, professor
of Romance languages in Harvard University; Fonger de
Haan,. professor of Spanish in Bryn Mawr College;
Archibald Cary Coolidge, assistant professor of history
in Harvard University." " .
UNIVERSITY SUMMER SCHOOL.
"I was scrubbing all'day at a house,"
she replied, "and was kept late, as
there was a party and I was asked
to help In the kitchen. I got this bun
dle of. old blankets and dresses to take
home with me and I rfeed thorn very
much. But I feel so tired, sir."
The clergyman asked her where she
lived, and, making her rise, he grabbed
hold of the bundle andswung it on to
his back. "Come along with me," he
said, as he started in the direction of
her home. They had not gone far when
a policeman stopped them and, address
ing the clergyman in -a gruff voice,
said: "Say, wh'at are you doing at
this time of night going through the
streets with a bundle on your back?
Let me see what you Lave in it?"
The clergyman dropped the bundle
and the officer at once recognized him.
."I beg your pardon, sir," he humbly
said, as he touched his helmet. "I d>d
not at first know you." The clergy
man briefly explained, and the officer
swung the bundle on his back with the
simple remark; "I am younger and
stronger than you."
A clergyman in the city who is well
known for his charitable work among
the poor, irrespective of their creed,
had a peculiar experience a few nights
ago. He had been visiting a family
on the *North Beach wherein the' head
of the house was c-n a sick bed and
needing pecuniary help to keep the
wolf from the door. He had remained
till late ministering to the physical and
spiritual needs of the family and on
his way home observed an old woman
sitting on top of a large bundle on the
sidewalk.
"What's the matter with you. m/
good woman?" asked the, clergyman in
his kindly way. . •
Suspected.
Chile and the Argentine Republic are selling their old
fighting ships that they may raise the needed money
with which to buy new ones more formidable and neces
sarily more dangerous to' their owners. Our South
American friends have such a persistent faculty of seek
ing trouble that it seems almost a pity that some one
doesn't throw it in their way. • . •
• • •
There have been neven cases of im
peachment before the Senate in the
history of the country. The first was
Representative J. N. Gillette uf Cali
fornia is likely to become famous as
the leader of the opposition to th** pro
posed impeachment " proceedings
against Judge <"harle» Swayne of Flor
ida. Gillette was one of a subcommit
tee of the Judiciary Committee of the
House that went to Florida and in
vestigated on the ground the charges
preferred. The committee numbered
three: Palmer, Republican. Pennsyl
vania: Clayton. Democrat, Alabama,
»nd Gillette, Republican. California!
Judge Swayne was not heard in his
own defense in Florida, but came on to
Washington and gave his testimony
before the whole committee. The sub
committee reported to the full Com
mittee on Judiciary, Palmar and Clay
ton a majority and Gillette a minority
report. To the House these two re
ports are carried, representing the
views of the full committee almost
equally divided — eight against seven,
with two Republicans absent, and who.
If present, would probably turn the
minority into a majority, nine to
eight. The majority' at present in com
posed of Palmer, Powers. Dc Armond,
«.*layton, little, Henry, Brantley- and
Smith, all Democrats but .the two first
named. The minority are Gillette. Jen
kins, Littlefleld. Parker. Alexander.
Warner and Nevjn, all Republicans.
Thomas, absent at bis home in Iowa,
and Pearre, elck at his home in Mary
land, are counted upon to vote with
the majority.
Gillette's minority report is a com
plete answer to the report of the
majority and covers every point quite
as convincingly as does the other and
goes into important evidence that the
other The case will occupy
rb> House for a week or more with
<>bate no doubt and possibly interfere
with some preconceived notions about
•idjournment. It is not at all likely
that it will be decided this session.
7b« report of the committee will serve
:<f a complaint before the House. The
House will discuss and vote upon it —
whether to impeach or not. If the
verdict is for impeachment then the
matter will be carried before the Sen
ate for trial. The Senate, however, will
give the defendant time to answer and
in the meantime that body will ad
journ. In the event of impeachment
by the House the Senate may be con
vened in November for the purpose of
trying the case before the regular ses
cion.
On Saturday. March 25. with
the passage of the bill, the chair
man of the committee, William
Overstn-et. concluded what had been
literally a battle with the whole
House that has continued day by day
for three weeks. The fight began three
weeks apo over the Brfstow report and
has continued duvn to the last line of
the bill itself, it has witn«-«s»-d some
of the most sensational scenes of the
reason and has dragged wearily for
hours through the discussion of pro
posed amendments. Kvery provision
Of the bill has been contested from
one side of the chamber or the other
and to each contestant the chairman
must stard ready to give battle. The
postal service is a thing in which even
hamlet is interested and about which
every intelligent person knows some
thing, and this fact offers an explana
tion of th-* livelv discussion which
drew sonietning from members of the
House who are rarely heard and of
fered opportunity without limit to
those who like to talk. Democrats were
found pleading for expansion and in
crease in salaries quite as often as in
the line of opposition. Since it came
on for consideration the bill has been
taken up immediately after the morn
ing hour every day and its considera
tion continued until nearly 6 o'clock.
Despite the long contest, the bill was
not materially changed. The cutting
out of the appropriation for tarrying
the mail from San Francisco to the
Society Islands was among the most
radical of the amendments. This was
done at the instance of the Democrats,
a sufficient following on the other side
being enlisted to carry it through.
Livernash and Wynn of San Fran
cisco were the only Democrats voting
against it. Uvernash made a strong
speech against the amendment, de
claring the Oceanic Steamship Com
pany now carrying the mail to be
the friend *>f the white sailor on the
Pacific, the Chinaman finding no place
on the ships of the company.
WASHINGTON. April 4— The labor
of Congress over the passage of one of
the general appropriation bills is not
veil represented In the brief reports
of proceedings pent over the country
every day during its course. This la
bor is sometimes immense. Each of
them drag;* its Blow 1-iigih from commit
tee to the floor of the House, from the
Hou*e to Senate committee, from Stn
ate committee to Senate, from Senate
to the eontv-ren<-e committee and from
conference cummiuee back to the
House, and to the Senate with the
final amendments. Of all the bills to
take this course and bring up finally,
cut and shot to pieces, the bill pro
viding for the conduit of postoftkes
and post roads is the one most b»-at
upon from every side and upon which
the division is lt*ast likt-ly to be a party
one.
S|>*. ial Pfepttts) t-> T1i« Call,
BY S. \\. U'AUn
Sidelights in Congress.
"Elijah Roberts. H. Palmer, David
Palmer, Albert Barnhart, Ezra Eaton,
Willard Sly, Washington Filkins: Jo
seph Nickerson. Clarksfleld; Philo Stev
enson, Clarksfield; Andrew Stevenson
and his sister Amanda, Clarksfield: Al
bert Stevenson, Clarksfleld; Charles
Hoof and wife, Clarksfield: Russell
Smith and wife.' Henry Parkhurst. Al
bert Osborn. Hartland; William Braln
ard, Abner Brown, Abljah Pratt. John
Cheeny, Nelson Minor, Hartland; C
N. Phillips, Hartland."
"We the,n started on our journey over
the Sierra Nevada Mountains, and be
ing sick myself I did not enjoy the
balance of the trip. We got through
the 6th of September and sold our oxen
to Mr. Slocum on a ranch not far from
Stockton, Cal. Mr. Slocum was for-,
merly from Ashland County, Ohio.
"Any survivors of this party on see-
Ing this please correspond with C. N.
Phillips, R. F. D. No. 3. Bronson,
Branch County, Mich.
"The names of the persons compris
ing the above mentioned party and
where they started from, so far as is
known, are given below:
"Food being short, we were compelled
to travel again and did not have any
serious trouble till we reached Rag
town, on the C River, just across
the desert. There Mr. Albert Barnhart
was buried.
above St. Joseph, I would be much
pleased to hear from them
"We crossed the Missouri River and
passed into Nebraska Territory the
first day of May, 1S52. We got along
fairly well till we reached Fort Lara
mie, 700 miles from /the river. Ther«
Mr. Russell Smith and Mr. Ezra Eaton
both died,* and were buried there.
"We then drove on thirty miles to
Horseshoe Creek and stopped nearly
a week 'on account of the sickness of
Mr. David Palmer ana Mr. Henry
Parkhurst. Mr. Palmer died and was
buried near the creek in a wild coun
try. Mr. Parkhurst was taken back
and left at the fort in care of his sister,
Mrs. Russell Smith.
Looked at in the right light, these two neighboring
cities, allied in so many interests, when wrought upon
by a common spirit of progress and enterprise, with their
combined strength in -business and public affairs, can be
come a potent agency, in directing the spirit of the whole
State. They, in combination, can secure public improve
ments, direct better and more useful legislation, and con
tribute to the profit of every acre and the welfare of
every home in California. Therefore, having set her
face to the future, let Oakland : refuse all temptations to
look backward.
As for other parts of the city, the people may be sure
that when this issue is spent upon the purposes it is in
tended to serve, tjie result will be such an access of,popu
lation and such an increase in values that it will be easy
to secure another issue to put into West Oakland the
line of improvements so long desired.
San Francisco wishes to encourage awakened Oak
land. We can't go over there and vote, but we can
stimulate the spirit of progress that is taking possession
of the people. Each of these cities is helped by the
growth of the other. San Francisco business needs the
use of Oakland harbor for its surplus activities, which
when they are crowded off our own w^ater. front must
go somewhere, and the nearer to us the better. The
Merchants' Association of this city has a sufficient in
terest in Oakland to justify it in going over there to
hold up the hands of the Oakland Board of Trade, help
the Boosters boost and aid the whole booming people
boom.
The late Senator Fair tried for a long time to get a
rival railroad into Oakland, but the people wanted some
thing to fight, and fought him with all the vigor that had
been acquired and trained in fighting the original "Octo
pus," But now the coming of the Santa Fe, the wide
spread operations of the Realty Syndicate, and, the im
provement of the harbor, seem to have wrought a change
in the spirit of the city, and the local Board of Trade, in
its strength and policy, represents the spirit and. pur
pose of a. new Oakland. There is less spirit of conflict
and a higher civic purpose that promise to make Oak
land for some time to. come a. center of interest and
growth in population and in business.
It seems to a friendly observer that the first step to
be taken by the people is the ratification of the very
moderate bond proposition that is soon to be submitted.
The bonds are for the purposes of public improvement
of which Oakland has long felt the need. A modern city
and up to date' requires all the business facilities it can
improve or create. If happily placed between land and
water transportation, it needs the development of both,
in the service of :t« commerce and manufactures. It
should be liberal in the encouragement of its streets and
interurban railway system. In this respect Oakland is
at present fortunate. It has a street railway system that
is equal to the demands of five times the present popula
tion. This, of course, means that investment in that
line has been made on faith in the future of the city.
When the people and the street railways work together
that faith is ju/tified. But with the rise of business facil
ities there must go on also the development of those
other needs of a modern city, parks, scenic features,
good streets and ample and sightly schoolhouses and
public buildings. In these respects a beginning is made
in the proposed bond issue. In arranging for expendi
ture of its results, it may not have been possible to give
to every part of the city as much as the people may Teel
is their due. But this should not influence a vote against
the bonds.
It is admitted that in Lake Merritt and its surround
ings Oakland has features of peculiar value. We recall
no city in the United States or Europe that has in its
midst such a valuable scenic and sanitary feature as that
placid and beautiful body of salt water. San Francisco
has the most attractive park in the world, but it lacked
a body of water and had to create one, artificially, in
Stow Lake. Oakland has that feature ready made, and
should improve its shores and surroundings, by the sup
pression of every ignoble feature. This will fail if the
bonds fail.
Time was that Oakland was as much talked about in
the East as any city in California. This Was when it be
came the terminus of the Central Pacific Railway. But
there ensued a period of lapse, in which it seeme.d that
the energies of the people were entirely invested in fight
ing tlie very agency that had brought the place into no
tice. The habit of battle extended to other things, and
it seemed that an Oaklander counted that day lost'/in
which he had failed to make a kick at something. .
OUR publication of the growth and work of the
Oakland Board of Trade discloses matter of in
terest not only to our neighboring city, but to
San Francisco and the whole State. Oakland has the
finest natural advantages, but has stood too long upon
them alone. Such advantages are valuable only as the
best use is made of them. It is a fatal mistake to trust
to them and expect^ them to work the prosperity of a
city, without any effort on the part of its people.
No one noticed when a photographer
balanced the tablet up on the edge of
the railing about the roof in order that
he might have thlsun full upon It. A
heavy gust of wind or a touch of the
coat sleeve would have sent it crash
ing down to the pavement, fifty feet
below. Just as he was pressing the
button of his camera there wa's a pierc
ing cry from the doorway behind, and
from it rushed the Chinese secretary of
legation. He stumbled over to the pre
cious green stone, seized it from its
precarious resting place and wrapped
it tenderly in the folds of his jacket.
"That man would have lost his head
in China," gasped he, indicating the
photographer. "The safety of this stone
is worth the lives of a dozen such as
he. It contains the soul of an Emperor
dead these 3000 years."
. ,A little over a'year ago the customs
officers seized in the baggage of an
American army officer .returning from
China one of the famous mortuary
tablets of jade from the innermost
temple in the forbidden city of Peking.
The Chinese Government had mourned
the loss of these tablets more than any
of the rest of the loot which had been
carried off from Peking, and Uncle
Sam had given the Chinese assurances
that all of the tablets caught In this
country would be returned.
When Customs Officer Chauncy St.
John had notified the newspaper men
doing duty about the Federal building
of his seizure they immediately tele
phoned In to their respective offices for,
photographers, for the 'beautiful tablet
of green stone was a relic of more than
passing importance and it was a "good
story." The photographers were soon
on the scene, and* the precious tablet
was taken out on a back roof, where
the light would permit of its being pho
tographed. In the meantime the secre
tary to the Chinese legation had been
notified of the seizure and he had start
ed down to the Federa.1 building to re
claim the tablet for his Government.
7/.V Peril o£ a Soul.
OAKLAND'S PROGRESS.
equalities before the law; that he has caused;"an outcry
from the multitude"; that he has raised a "peril calling
for stern action"; that he stands for "'plundering manip
ulation of specie"; and that he goes around like a, lion
doing cold' roaring against the people, and 'conspiring
with Senators Bacon, Bailey, Simmons and the others
named to procure the nomination. of Judge Parker. Mr.
Hearst strikes an attitude,*per leased wire, and cries out
that it is "amazing that. Belmont should dare intrude in
the councils of a party! that is arrayed against nearly
everything he favors." J
Mr. Hearst also says that this intrusion was followed
by an incendiary dinner in New York on Saturday night,
at which Judge Parker sat down with Henry McDona
and judge Truax, representing the Whitney interests.
We don't know who McDona and Truax are, but doubt
less Judge Parker ought to be ashamed of himself. for
sitting down with them. To an onlooker it appears that
gentle harmony has taken wings and gone to roost else
where than in the Democratic^ party. With Tom Wat
son charging that Cleveland "et with a^ nigger," and
Hearst trying to thaw out a cold aristocrat by a longest
leased wire, and Judge Parker recklessly feeding with
improper persons/the country will conclude tliat a party
made up of such improprieties and incongruities is- not
to be tru*ted with administration of the affairs of the
nation.
.It all brings np^he main question that The Call has so
often presented, that the Democratic nominee may be
Bourbon or barbarian, the real issue is the quality, tem
per, disposition and tendency of the party itself.' If
these remain as now, and as they have been since r8o6,
undeserving of confidence, it makes no difference wheth
er the nominee is a cold aristocrat or a warm member
like Hearst, the people will shy to the other side of the
road.
"There will he h 1 to pay if the
fire gets Into that rosin," yelled Mc-
Afee through his trumpet. "If enough
of you men will follow me, we'll go
In there and dump the whole „ outfit
into the bay.".
They followed the leader and
they saved East , Baltimore. — Leslie's
Monthly.
America is the young man's country,
we are told, because so many of the
conspicuous figures among us are
young men. The thing Is said conven
tionally. *as if there were some moral
virtue in being young; as if, too, the
greatest tragedy In American history
was not the death some forty years ago
of half a million men in the prime of
life, which deprived our generations of
its wisest counselors. Experience is
the only school which gives a degree
honored of all men, and a man of three
score, with the vigor of life still in him,
should bo the most useful citizen of a
community.
The awful catastrophe at Baltimore
furnished a splendid Instance. The con
flagration had been raging .or twelve
hours. Chief Horton of the Fire De
partment had been disabled by a live
wire. The fighters were without a head.
Then William C. McAfee, veteran fire
chief, retired for age and accounted an
old man, offered his services to the
Mayor. They were accepted. Donning
his oilf kins and grabbing his trumpet
the old chief went into action. At once
the men knew they had a leader. They
needed one. The fire was roaring
down to the river bank where were
some great rosin works .filled with tur
pentine.» And as they went so must
go East Baltimore.
The Veteran.
The Californians in Congress are in
doubt as to what to do in the matter
of the military camp site awarded to
the Henry ranch by the Committee on
Military Affairs. They are disposed to
think that there has been some pecu
liar influence at work to have switched
the sentiment so suddenly from the
Nacimiento ranch and hurried the bill
through committee with a favorable
rt-port containing the name* of the
Henry ranch. They don't profess to
have any objection to the Henry ranch
particularly, except that It costs a hun
dred and fifty thousand dollars more
than the other, which the first military
board examining reported In favor of.
They do not believe that the matter
has been treated fairly. - Before the
committee they urged that in view of
the conflicting reports the matter of
selection be left to the • Secretary of
War. But this suggestion was not only
not followed but the California site was
definitely fixed at the Henry ranch by
the language of the bill, while the loca
tions in the three other States were all
given at least the latitude that lies in
the words "at or near." Earlier In the
Ktf-t--i(ii) it was not 'deemed at all likely
that this bill would get on the calendar
of both houses this session. Now it ia
believed th»re Is a possibility of Its
passage. They would like to offer an
amendment cutting out the name of
the ranch and inserting the names of
the three counties In which are located
the several sites inspected and reported
upon and leaving the definite selection
to the Secretary of War. But they fear
that by doing this they will be placing
a hindrance in the way of the bill's
passage. They want the camp site in
California and they want it this year.
The disposition to offer an amendment
thf-refore may be smothered.
So far as the House is concerned its
labors over the appropriation bills are
about over. Following the sundry civil
bill now under consideration comes the
last of the list, the general deficiency.
The House can then give itself over
to more interesting subjects, one of
which to many of its members Is ad
journment.
The Colorado River and its diversion
for irrigation has been before ' the
House Committee on Irrigation and
Arid I^ands for several days. William
C. Smythe of San Diego, Democrat and
late opponent of Captain Daniels for
Representative in Congress, has ap
peared in opposition to the bill. He
claims to come irt the Interest of the
people of California, who, he says, de
sire that the Government shall have
charge of the irrigation work of the
State. The closest and most persistent
questioning on the part of the chair
man of the committee has failed to dis
cover who is directly responsible for
his coming. He has waged a warm
fight on the bill, however, in whatever
interest it may be.
Thus in the history of the country
but four judges have been tried and
two found guilty under impeachment
proceedings. The case of Judge
Swayne, therefore, will take its plaee
ii: very select company. Gillett. in hia
minority report, makes out as complete
a defense as the majority is conclusive
tor impeachment. The charge of non
rtsldence and being absent, for In
stance, is answered by tiat denial and
piesentation of proof as to non-resi
dence and a showing that his absence
from Florida was upon the order of the
Circuit Court and that during the ab
sence complained of he was holding
court in other Gulf States. This evi
dence, so easily obtained and so con
clusive, was not sought by the ma
jority, says Gillett. All the other counts
are met as fully and radically.
the case of a Senator. Blount. 1797,
charged with having conspired with
the Cherokee Indians to defraud the
Government. The Senate found it had
no jurisdiction, a Senator not being a
civil officer. The other two who were
not Judges were Secretary of War Belk
nap and President Andrew Johnson.
The first Judge to be impeached was
Pickering of New IIarnp8hire, about
1812. He was adjudged to be crazy —
whisky the cause. In 1800 Judge
Chase of Maryland was tried for hav
ing refused to hear an argument in a
case before him. The case was a po
litical one and the impeachment did
not t«tand. In 1JS30 Judge James Peck
of Missouri- was. tried for having dis
barred an attorney for having criti
cized a judgmei|t after the case had
been appealed 1 to the Supreme Court.
Here, too, the proceeding failed. In
1S62 Judge Humphreys* of Tennessee
was adjudged guilty of disloyalty and
of having abandoned his onice.
THE f ; SAX FRANCISCO v GALU; TUESDAY-^APRII; ,5, 1904.
THE SAN FR^NGISGQ GAL,!-,
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor . . . . ,...;,. . . Ad dress AU Commanicatioas to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office <3^^^^^> Third and Market Streets, S. P.
TUESDAY ¦/. ....;..;.. ..................... . . ... ... . . . TTT . . . .APRIL 5. i°O4
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
8
Townsend's California Glace fruits and
choice, candles. In artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
,716 Market street above Call* building. •
Special Information supplied r daily to
business houses and public men by t&a
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal-
ifornia street. Telephone Mala 1941, *New Steel Rails.
The first consignment of 35 carloads of
60-pound 'steel" rails for the: N0rth Shore
Railroad was received at Sausalito"yes
terday. It ; is expected that | the rails for
33 mllos,,to be relald between Mlllerton
and Duncans Mills, will be received; be
fore May 1. The ties are already on
hand and the work_is being: pushed.
Father Carraher Will Lecture.
The . Rev. Father Carraher of St.
Francis Church of this city will de
liver a lectyre, at an entertainment to
be given under the auspices of Division
No. 10 of the Ancient Order of Hiber
nians at. Teutonla Hall Saturday even
ing, May 7. :.
BIG IMPORTERS OF COFFEE
GO INTO LIQUIDATION
Shrinkage In -Values Embarrasses Bal
timore Firm and It. Surrenders
to the Bankers. .
BALTIMORE, April 4.^ — The firm
of. Taylor & Lovering, for,, the last
thirty years importers of coffee, an
nounced to-day that in consequence of
the shrinkage in the value of coffee
they had been compelled to go into
lifluldation, surrendering to the bank
ers under whose letters of credit they
have conducted business, and notify
ing the sellers of their inability to pay
for the coffees' ordered. The mem
bers of the firm decline to name the
amount of liabilities.
Fifteen Blocks of Business Houses Are
Ktimetl and Many Families Are
Homeless.
TAMPA, Fla., April 4.— As near as
can be ascertained the fire which
swept West Tampa this afternoon,
but which at 6 o'clock was practically
under control, caused a loss which
will exceed $300,000. The only death
so far as known is that of a Cu
ban baby burned in one of the cigar
factories. Fifteen blocks of business
houses and nearly 200 tenements were
destroyed.
West Tampa has only a small water
plant and as a consequence the water
supply gave out. Hundreds of fami
lies of cigar makers are homeless.
TAMPA FIRE CAUSES
A liOSS OF $300,000
Admitted to the Bar.
On motion of Garret McEnerney in
the Supreme Court yesterday Leigh H.
Irvine, for many years a newspaper
man of San Framisco, was enrolled
as an attorney without examination.
Mr. McEnerney exhibited Mr. Irvine's
certificates from the Supreme Courts
of Pennsylvania and Missouri and
from the United States Circuit Court
of Chicago, where the applicant was
formerly an attorney.
the missionary field and a number that
had been in the universities and had
come under the influence of the Young
Men's Christian Association are in for
eign lands in the capacity of mission
aries. Mr. Rhodes Bald that no less
thiii. 20,000 students In the United
States took the Bible study course last
VICES INDUTvGED IX.
Intemperance, gambling and other
vices indulged In by some that come to
universities and colleges were follies
discussed, and the temptation of win
ning the recognition of being "a jolly
good fellow" and "the dangers of the
influence of the fraternity" on the new
comer to a university were freely spo
ken of by Mr. Rhodes.
"Students," he said, "are very clan
nish and some very conceited."
The Rev. John S. Thomas was elected
president of the association- for the
next three months, the Rev. H. N. Be
vier vice president, the Rev. James
Woodworth re-elected secretary and
the Rev. J. M. McElhlneny assistant
secretary. The executive committee
consists of the Rev. E. K. Strong, the
Rev. J. C. Stone and Professor T. F.
Day, D. D.
At the meeting of the Methodist Min
isters yesterday, held in Epworth Hall,
the Rev. Dr. Larkin announced that
the Hugh E. Smith revival meetings
would J>egin Sunday, April 10, at Grace
M. E. Church, Twenty-first and Capp
streets.
Dr. Larkin and the Rev. Owen Hotle
gave the ministers a most satisfactory
account of their recent trip north.
The executive committee of the mis
sionary convention to be opened in' the
Alhambra Theater on April 28 and in
which sixteen Bishops of the Methodist
Episcopal church will take part decided
yesterday that instead of three there
would be but two meetings In Oakland
in connection with the convention.
They will be held Friday evening, April
"9. and Sunday afternoon, May I, in
the First Methodist Episcopal Church,
Oakland.
THE HEADQUARTERS.
The Central M. E. Church, Mission
street, will be the headquarters during
the convention.
"The Influence of Poetry on the
Preacher" was the subject of an inter
esting address by the Rev. William
Patcheli before the Congregational
Ministers' Association at the Y. M. C.
A. building yesterday morning. The
Rev. William Rader presided, and the
attendance was. one of the largest in
weeks.
A Baptist theological seminary -in
the vicinitv of the University of Cali
fornia was a matter of discussion be
fore the Baptist Ministers' Association
in the covenant room of the Y. M. C.
A. building: yesttrday morning.
The Rev. J. P. Currin presided, and
there was a full attendance of mem
bers.
It was suggested by Dr. James Sun
dorland that more funds might be ac
quired to add to the $15,000 or $20,000,
the value of the property given the
Baptists by the late Mrs. Gray, widow
of the late Rev. Dr. E. H. Gray, for the
purpose under discussion.
With extra funds, it was pointed out,
they would be enabled to create an ef
ficient faculty. Berkeley was suggest
ed as the most suitable place for the
theological seminary because of the
advantage that would follow from be
ins in touch with the university li
brary and the. departments of special
study.
Plans for the proposed seminary have
been prepared. t
PEOPLE GO TO EASTER
SERVICE IX BOATS
Conditions in Indiana Have Not Im
proved and Damage Is
Appalling.
VINCENNES, Ind., April 4.— The
flood situation here has not improved.
High winds have still further weak
ened the levees and breaks are con
stantly occurring. More men than
ever before are working on them. Re
lief parties are being sent from here
and from Illinois towns across the riv
er. A steamer left to-day for Rus
sellville, Belgrade and other towns
with provisions. Easter services were
held, at St. Thomas Church, though it
is surrounded by water. Ferry-boats
and skiffs were used by the congrega
tion. One boat upset with five women.
All were rescued. In Lawrence Coun
ty, 111., and Knox County, Ind., the
flood loss will be $1,000,000.
We are sole agents for Fountain Pens
that will fit your hand, do not leak and
will write without coaxing. Price $1 to
$5. Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market. •
Insolvent Contractor.
L. E. Campbell, a contractor, resid
ing in Oakland, filed a petition in In
solvency yesterday in the United States
District Court. He owes $4 842 and
has no assets.
WASHINGTON, April 4.— The case
of the Interstate Commerce Commis
sion versus Baird, commonly known as
the anthracite coal case, was decided
by the Supreme Court of the United
States to-day in favor of the conten
tions of the commission, the decision
of the United States Court for the
Southern District of New York, being
reversed. This is the case instituted
before the commission by"W. R. Hearst
of New York, who alleged discrimina
tion by the railroad companies which
reached the anthracite coal mines in
Pennsylvania.- During the hearing
some of the witnesses refused to pro
duce certain contracts bearing upon
the business of the railroad companies
and the coal lines, which action was
upheld by the Circuit Court of New
York. The United States . Supreme
Court held that the contracts should
have been supplied. The opinion was
handed down bv Justice Day.
'•'-¦. - ¦ *
GUTHRIE, O. T., April 4.— C. E. Bil
lingsly, president of the Capital Na
tional Bank, the largest bank in Okla
homa, which suspended business, this
afternoon, made a statement to the
State Capital to-night. He says 'that
the depositors will be paid in full and
that at the present time a deal ia on
to sell the assets of tne institution so
that the depositors may be paid. When
the bank closed its doors at 2 o'clock
there was in assets $1,225,000 with
which to pay $1,033,000 in deposits.
National* Bank Examiner M. . R.
Sturtevant will arrive in the morning
to take charge of the bank.
The failure was caused by a heavy
drain during the last month and an
unexpected "run" this morning. Dur
ing the last month there was a shrink
age of deposits amounting to about
$500,000, and during the "run," which
commenced when the bank opened its
doors yesterday morning, more than
$100,000 was paid out. About noon it
was rumored that tn« bank was going
under and eager depositors hurried to
the bank faster than during the morn-
Ing, and 'the president and directors,
seeing that the bank must go under,
closed the doors.
The suspension was caused indirectly
by the filing of a suit about three weeks
ago against the Holdenvllle National
Bank, of which Billirigsly is president,
and its failure last week. Although
the directors say that the depositors
will be paid in full, the stockholders
will be heavy losers, and it is said that
Blllingsly, who has been regarded as
one of the strongest financial men in
the Territory, has lost all. The bank
Is a national and territorial depository
and many of the. county banks of Ok
lahoma! carry large deposits with it.
There is great excitement in Guthrie,
but the other banks are safe.
Depositors Hear of Concern's
Predicament and Kush to
Withdraw, Their Money
Opinion Requires All Con
tracts Bearing on Kailroad
Business to Be Produced
Th- joint Committee on Finance and
Fire of the Board of Supervisors held
a conference yesterday with the Fire
Commissioners and members of the
Board of Fire Underwriters relative to
taking steps for the better protection
of th? city from fire.
The first point considered was the
proposed extension of the fire limits.
Chief Sullivan favored the making of
Putter street the northerly limit, and
the underwriters advocated having it
extended to California street. Fire
Commissioner Boyne said the Fire
Commission was not prepared to make
any recommendation in that regard, as
it desired to Investigate the matter
more fully.
Charles D. Havens urged the com
mittee to extend the fire limits, but it
was decided to hold a special meeting
next Monday morning to take up that
phase of the question in all Its details.
The committee agreed that an aux
iliary salt water system and new water
hydrants are absolutely required. Dis
trict Chief Shaughnessy spoke of the
lack of water at the Baldwin Hotel fire
and said that a recurrence of that
fatality would be deplorable. He said
the salt water system contemplated the
installation of a distributing plant at
a point 750 feet above the sea level —
probably at Twin Peaks.
Commissioner Parry submitted a map
of the proposed system, which he said
would cost $350,000. It was also said
that 5000 additional hydrants should be
installed. :
It was decided that the boards of Fire
Wardens. Fire Underwriters and Fire
Commissioners meet jointly and agree
on a salt water system to cover the
business district and report to the Fin
ance Committee when It considers the
municipal budget next May. Chairman
Brandenstein stated that if the cost
did not exceed $150,000 the money might
be appropriated for the purpose.
XEED MOKE HYDRANTS
- . <
To Report on the Proposed
Salt Water Auxiliary Sys-
tern to Finance Committee
COMMISSION IS UPHELD
EUMOK HASTENS END
Two former soubrettes of the "Foxy
Grandpa" comedy company and the
landlord of an Ellis-street apartment
house had the flocr of Fritz's court for
about fifteen "minutes yesterday .and
furnished entertainment for a large
audience.
William Eckhart, proprietor of the
Oriental Hotel, explained the case, and
the ex-soubrettes saw to it that no de
tails were overlooked. It was all about
a trunk and the contents thereof. While
the "Foxy Grandpa" company was en
gaged at one of the local theaters sev
eral months ago Miss May Gibson and
Mrs. Soule occupied a room at the Ori
ental, and when they departed -to
charm with their talents the one-night
stands on the southern circuit a single
trunk was left behind. Just \yhy it was
left behind does not matter.
Soon afterward Miss Gibson returned
to the city and claimed the trunk, and
when it was given to her by Mr. Eck
hart she removed It to another hotel.
Then a letter from Mrs. Soule, dated
Los Angeles, was received by Mr. Eck
hart, and it requested, him to hold the
trunk until she arrived and formally
took possession* of it. Mr. Eckhart,
considerably flurried, flew to the court
of Judge Fritz and obtained a warrant
empowering him to search Miss Gib
son's dwelling place and seize and hold
the trunk until such time as its owner
ship could be Judicially settled. So the
trunk was conveyed to the Hall of Jus
tice basement and there detained. Mrs.
Soule came from Los Angeles In time
to participate in the legal threshing
out of the dispute yesterday.
Neither of the women claimed sole
ownership of the trunk's contents, but
each of them asserted' that she had
"things" in it that she would not lose
for more than a trifle. Attorney Har
ris falteringly requested the ladies to
describe their respective shares of the
property, and as one of the ladies be
gan to do so the Judge blushed and,
glaring repri/vingly at the prosecuting
attorney, abrutly shut off the glibly
recited inventory by informing the con
testants that it would be easier 'for all
concerned if they were to step down
to the basement and privately divide
the treaeures in the trunk.
The suggestion was adopted, and as
the ladies did not reappear before the
bench it was inferred that they had
amicably adjusted their differences.
Attired in a sweeping gown of sil
very sheen. Miss Hattie Witzke of 30S
Minna street unsteadily approached the
bench of Judge Mogan and asked the
busy occupant thereof to sign a war
rant she had procured for the arrest of
two. persons, a man and a woman, on
a charge of grand larceny. As she re
cited the details of the alleged crime
she smiled with much sweetness at the
Judge, and he In return gazed with
attention at her beaming countenance
until he suddenly asked:
"How many drinks have you had to
day?"
"That's" not the question," said the
woman. "What' I want — "
"That is th£ question and you can't
sidestep it, no matter what you may
want," persisted the court. "How
many drinks have you had to-day?"
"Well, I drank a glass of lemon
ade — "
"Anything in It besides lemon and
sugar?"
"No, sir. I never drink anything
stronger than lemonade."
"Well, my opinion is that you are in
toxicated, and I cannot issue a war
rant to an intoxicated person."
It subsequently developed that after
her visit to the Warrant Clerk and
prior to her visit to the court Miss
Witzke made several Journeys to the
street and that each excursion served
to enhance the spirit of sociability that
fairly exuded from her countenance
as she recounted her alleged grievance
to the Judge.
« • •
An additional charge of malicious
mischief was filed yesterday against
W. Jj. Ward, arrested for assaulting
William Cluff, the well-known mer
chant, last Saturday night at the Or
pheum. Ward was charged with bat
tery and disturbing the peace and
while in the City Prison he threw a
vessel containing water In the face of
a "trusty, wlro entered the additional
accusation.
Frank Drew appeared as special at
torney for the prosecution when the
case against Ward was called yester
day in Judge Mogan's court and he
consented to a continuance asked for
by the defense. *
* * ¦ •
Fred Tobelmann, charged with mur
dering his wife last Friday at 608*4
Minna street, was arraigned befornl
Judge Conlan -and he injected some
interest into that proceeding by re
questing the court's permission to at
tend Jhe woman's funeral. The re
quest was promptly and emphatically,
refused.
"You shall get no such permit from
me," said the Judge, "not even if the
police are willing that you should at
tend the funeral of the woman you
murdered in cold blood."
The defendant's dejection visibly
deepened as the Judge's words were
uttered. Former Judge Sanderson, for
the defen/e, asked that the prelimi
nary examination be continued till
next Tuesday and the prosecution con
sented to the postponement. ./'
With a view of effecting the refor
mation of 12-year-old George Allen,
described as "one of the Tehama
street gang.'VMiss Octavia Christantine
Briggs, engaged in philanthropic work,
had the lad arrested for disorderly
conduct and then ' deposited $5 bail
for his appearance yesterday morning
In Judge Fritz's court. When the case
was called George failed to respond,
and the Judge, not knowing that the,
complainant had furnished the bail,
ordered the $5 forfeited and a bench
warrant issued for the : boy's arrest.
It is likefy th,at some means will be
found by which Miss Briggs can be
refunded the money she put up and it
is also likely that George's act of in
gratitude will be suitably rewarded by
the court.
• . * •
If the specific charge against Peck
Eppinger had been battery instead of
assault with a deadly weapon he would
not have been discharged yesterday, by
Judffe Fritz, for while the assault upon
Clerk Creco was proved, the character
of the weapon with which it was com
mitted "was left in doubt, some of the
witnesses declaring that it was a bot
tle, while others were as certain that
It was a seltzer siphon. A battery
charge has been entered by Greco and
will be heard to-day. ;'"3 ! .
A number of persons from Tehama
County appeared before Judge Caban
iss and corroborated much of the testi
mony adduced by sixteen-year-old An
nie Larsen, who accuses Milton Wald
stein of having induced her to leave her
home In this city and accompany him
to Redding.
Sheriff Boyd told of how he had ar
rested* the girl f.or vagrancy at Red
Bluff, after she had escaped from Red
ding, and of how "Waldstein had en
deavored to secure her release. Mrs. J.
A. Owen of Red Bluff, a benevolent
looking matron, testified that when she
heard of the girl's plight she paid the
fine imposed upon her for vagrancy
and then provided her with railroad
transportation to San Francisco >and
gave her $5 to defray traveling ex
penses. Constable Gumble of Corning
stated that he had been approached by
Waldstein, who was then seeking the
girl, and that Waldstein had represent
ed himself to be a professional detec
tive. Mrs. Larsen, the girl's mother,
informed the court that at. Waldstein's
request she had given him her daugh
ter's photograph and . certificate of
birth 1 to enable him to restore the girl
to her home.
Judge Cabanlss reserved his decision.
P. Marsicano, owner of the house at
1129 Dup'ont street, was before Judge
Fritz on a charge of letting his prem
ises for immoral purposes, and he asked
for and was given until Thursday to
plead. It Is understood that he •will
apply for a Jury trial, as he was con
victed once before by Judge Fritz on
the same charge.
Police Captain Duke is the complain
ing witness in the present case, which
is the outcome of Marsicano's neglect
to comply with a notice to quit the
premises or stop the immoral traffic
therein, which was served on him
March 7 * H. This notice was issued by
Justice of the Peace Dunn.
C. C. Chapel and E. J. Topple, able
seamen aboard the United States
steamship Pensacola, and Michael Sel
propp, a mariner whose home is the
United States revenue cutter Bear,
were fined $5 apiece by Judge Mogan
after he had heard of how the doughty
trio had put to rout about a dozen of
Uncle Sam's infantrymen that invaded
a Paciflc-stroet saloon last Saturday
night and disputed exclusive possession
thereof with the men of the sea.
Seaman Topple testified that the row
was started by his accidental stepping
upon the foot of a soldier, and that
when peace was restored the saloon
looked as If It had been the scene of a
dynamite explosion.
"How many soldiers did you ' and
your two companions defeat?" inquired
the Judge.
"Oh, about a dozen," modestly mur
mured Mr. Topple, glancing toward his
fellow-defendants for corroboration,
which they emphatically nodded.
"Even though you saw two objects
where only one existed the odds were
so heavily against you that I will fine
you only $5 apiece," said the court.
They paid the money.
• • •
Window-smashing is James Nash's
specialty when he is under alcoholic
influence, and the larger the pane the
more does he relish shattering it. Some
time ago he was heavily/ fined for
breaking a plateglass window of a
Market street shoe store,, and yester
day he was before Judge Mogan for
administering similar treatment to a
restaurant window on the same
thoroughfare. Pronounced guilty and
sentence reserved till to-day.
George Seth, accused of peddling
without a license, pleaded poverty
when arraigned before Judge Conlan,
but under sharp examination confessed
that he drops nickels in the seductive
slot machine and even takes an oc
casional flyer at the racing pools.
Fined $10.
' John Kilcline, another itinerant ven
der of fruit, refused to keep his wagon
moving and was arrested, and "when
he appeared before Judge Fritz for trial
his condition was such that the court
gave him twenty-four hours for drunk
enness ¦ and continued the other case
until the defendant 18 sober enough to.
understand what it js all about.
After boasting of his muscular
strength and vainly endeavoring to
provoke a fistic duel -with any one' in
the Stevenson street saloon owned by
Patrick Jones, Thomas Monaghan cave
an exhibition of his Samsonian prowess
by plucking a door from its hinges and
Juggling it as if he were handling a
feather. ,
("I'm a carpenter ana I'll, fix the
door," said the rival of Sandow to
Judge Fritz.
As the saloon man was willing to let
the case go at that so it went.
For conducting a lottery agency in
a Market street block James Edward
was fined $100 by Judge Mogan.
Largest Financial Institu
tion , in Oklahoma Is
Forced to Close Its Doors
Supervisors Confer Witli the
Board of Underwriters on
the Question of Protection
United States Supreme Court
Keverses New York Tri
bunal in Anthracite Cases
Interest in jr Discussion of
• Question Held at V. 31. C. A.
Building on Mason Street
XANY BISHOPS TO SPEAK
iSixteen Prelates of Metho
* dist Denomination Will
'-.Be Present at Convention
¦¦Shortage in Ministerial Supply" was
the subject of a most interesting dis
cussion yesterday afternoon Uefore the
member* of the Christian Church Min
isters' Association, held in the Toung
Men's Christian Association building.
The Rev. Walter M. White, D. D., pre
sided.
IX. H. Wasgener, world's vice presi
dent of the Christian Kndeavor for the
Christian church, who is doing a round
trip of the United States in the interest
of young peoples work, told of. the
need of men for the ministry, and in
tinsw«»i to Questions admitted that the
>oung men that are mostly available
ore tho*e of the country — young men
that stood the brunt of hard times, men
" *-hort in feed" and "short in clothes."
Three societies connected with th*»
• 'hris'ian Endeavor are, he said, sup
portinjr eighty-seven younsr men that
are preparing for tht» ministry.
¦It was young people doing alone this
K?«»at work, said Mr. Waggener. and
ihe> are trying through the endeavor
line t-> supply the need of the ministry.
He «*aid there is an army of S.OOO.ODO
<>f yciving neople of Protestant societies
In the T'nited States, and he considered
ihat out of that enormous number they
Fhrtuid be alile to get thousands every
y t -ar to supply their ministerial needs.
' Thpy." he said, "in that case would
tcke this country like a cyclone."
Mr. Waggener will join the ministers
in a conference next Monday afternoon,
April 11.
INFMKNCKS AT IW1YKRS1TV.
"Influences of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association of the University <>f
California and Other Universities and
Colleges" was the discussion before
The Presbyterian ministers' meeting at
ihe Presbyterian house, 92(J Sacramento
street, yesterday morning.
Ivan B. Rhodes, secretary of the as
sociation at the university, came espe
cially to speak of the religious life of
the students and the helpful influences
of hit organization,
Mr. Rhodes told his hearers that
among the athletes of the universities
Of the United States the most strenuous
Christians could be found — men that
wielded a powerful influence over the
freshmen. He showed the enormous
increase in the religious ardor of stu
dents as compared with generations
gone by.
He did not mean to criticize when he
said that Ihe professor of to-day had
n<> longer a parental relation to the stu
dent as formerly, for. at this age. the
professor was a heavily work-laden
man and when he went out of the col
lege door he felt that his relationship
to the student ceased.
There were, he said, at the present
lime about 75,000 students in the United
States united in the Toung Men's
Christian Association movement, and
the Bible was one of the great studies
with them.
Many are perfecting themselves for
Two Women That Charmed as Members of "Foxy Grand
pa" Company Unfold to Judge Fritz Their Respective
Claims to a Single Receptacle and the Court Blushes
CHURCH SEEKS
FOR MINISTERS
WOULD GUARD
AGAINST FIRE
"RUN" ON BANK
CAUSES A CRASH
COAL BARONS
ARE DEFEATED
TALE OF A TRUNK TOLD
BY FORMER SOUBRETTES
fHE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, .APRIL 5, 1901.
.Hills Bros. 1 .; Arabian .Roapt for breakr
fast lets thei sunshi r "» lu : on a fojrgy
mnrnine. ' ..;•.- ~" ¦¦.'•',, "-'•-,',
Furco Elects a Mayor.
FARGO. N. D., April 4.— A..L. Wall,
candidate i : of ;the business ¦ men, de
feated Joseph Johnson for Mayor to
day.
9
AMUSEMENTS, ¦
Blind Tom;
4 Welsons; Omar and Marglna: 5 Mo-
wats; Mazus and Mazett; Coakley
and McBride; Wesson, Walters and
Wesson; James' H. Cullen; /\.V
LA BELLE GUERRERO,
Presenting "La* Gitana," and Or-
phenni Motion Pictures.
Regular Matinees every Wednesday. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 25c.
and 50c.
¦flfll' IIMB1 A §M FBMBSW3
UULUmjal A mm ueme
"FABIS TRANSPLANTED HEBE." <
Every evening. Including Sunday.
Matinee Saturday only.
V. Zlerfeld Jr. presents .
In • her axeatest musical comedy success,
'MAM'SELLE
NAPOLEON
100 COMPANY 100
The Handsomest and Best Dressed Chorus
in the World.
"SHE'S THE SAME OU> OUtlu"
tivousss.
KASTER TV'KEK — Farewell Performances of
the Tlvoll'a Best Musical Comedy.
7V\R. PICKWICK
With All the Tlvoll Favorites and the Great
BEAPTT CH0BP3."
Beginning MONDAY EVENING, April 11.
magnificent revival of Milloecker's comic opera
masterpiece,' '
THE BEGGAR STUDENT
With a Tremendous Cast and Reappearance of
CARO ROMA and DOMENICO KUSSO.
TIVOM MATINEES SATURDAYS ONLY.
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES— 25c, 50c and
73c; proscenium and mezzanine box seats, $1.
THIS WEEK ONLY— MAT. SATURDAY.
HIEFISKEI
i In Sardou's Comedy, '
! D I V o R C O N S
v Preceded by
A BIT OF OLD CHELSEA
NEXT WEEK — Mon., Tues.. Wed., i
Thurs.. Sot. Mat.. "A DOLL'S HOUSE."
Frl., "HEDDA GABLER." Seats Thun».
)F.* l ?J. ICOMFORT
To Know You Can See. the Best and Funniest
; :. .Turkish Musical Comedy,
| k'is:m.:e i 3?_
WITH THE "ALL STAR" CAST.
And Such Exhilarating
MUSIC. --
SPECIALTIES,
DANCES. > ',
NOVELTIES.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c. ,V) C and
75c; Saturday and Sunday . Matlneex. -¦ 23c and
ROc: Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
THURSDAY. April 7— WHEELMEN'S NIGHT.
Clark's Comedy Dog Circus
And a Great Shov7 Every Afternoon and
Evening; In tho Theater.;
TAKE A . RIDE ON ':THE MINIATURE
863S§e.i ELECTRIC. RAILROAD.'aSaSBPKsi
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
¦'_' AMATEUR NIGHT. THURSDAY.
Admission, 10c; Children* 5c. " •
When Phoning Ask for "The Chutea."
ADVERTISEMENTS. %
the soap for fair,
white hands, bright'
clear
soft, healthful skin.
. Sold all over the world.
PfliarP DONTJAIL TO
laiaWW fi&Mitho "beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Mil room, the EMPIRE
ailU parlor; the
r j' . PALM ROOM, the
linifid LOUIS XV PAR-
UiailU LOR,«nd the LA-
nHr 1 DIES' .WRITING
Hotels ro 0^
'Vat ¦ I ft m '• To : etay .' Cured.*., Cause re-
l\ V I H Wl l\ moved. Health restored.
MO ¦ lll'lrl No'mor* Asthma, or Hay
.•: ; Fever., Book ; 60 Fre«.
1,11 ill" II P. VnOLD HATES,
V -y " * *~ 'Buffalo. 5 N.-V X« 7 ;
AMUSEMENTS.
MECHANICS' PAVILION
TO-DAY, 2:15.
V^ TO-NIGHT, 8:15.
• 23;800 People Witnessed
NORRIS & RGWE'S
NEW BIG SHOWS
; ; - IN SIX PERFORMANCES.
A mBW CTBCTTS THROUGHOUT.
Admission — Adults -."<c; children 15c. Reserved
seats — Adults &0c: children 25c Box teats (X.
Seats on Sale at Mechanics' Pavilion.
CALIFORNIA
_tpi SCREAMS OF LAUGHTER. Bjt
W _ TO-NIGHT.
B Th« fare* that has made millions 1
I fllcFADDEN'S I
1 ...FLATS... 1
IB Entire Original Company us seen for I
2CO nlgbta In New York; 10O nights in M
Chlcaso. H
Don"t miss the "Yellow Kids." fun- n
nlest little fellows you have ever seen. ¦*
¦ Bring the children Saturday. 3
ALCAZAR Esxsii
General Manager.
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AKD STTN.
BEST FUN IN TOWN!
Augustus Thomas" Merriest Comedy,
ON THEp
QUIET. J»£«
. William Collier's Greatest Suecees.
ALL, THE ALCAZAR FAVORITES.
REGULAR PRICES RESUMED.
Evg.: 25q to 75c; Mats. Sat. &. Sun.. 23c to SOe.
NEXT MONDA4T— Bronson Howard's Corned/.
ARISTOCRACY,
CENTRALS
Market Street. Near Eighth... Phone South 353
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUN DAT. •
Mammoth Spectacular Production of
AROUND THE WORLD
i IN EIGHTY DAYS.......
I ICO— PEOPLE IN THE CAST— 100 "¦
' Marrniflesnt Scenery! Gorgeous Costumes!
Bothwell Browne's Brilliant Champagne Ballet!
DDirGC Evenings '. ....10c to 5fia
lAltLO Matinees... 10c. I5c. 25o
Next— IN THE HANDS OF THE ENEMT.
\_ _^_
ALHAMBRA
SCHUMANN-
HEINK
To-Night and Thursday Night, 8:15
Saturday Matinee, 2:30
Seats, f 2. CO. $1.50. $1.00— Box O€flc«'
Sherman. Clay A Co..
Racing llpilll^ Racing!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
.NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
Racing Each ¦ Week Da •. Rain or Shin*. .
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.. .
For special trains stopping at the track tain
•' S P Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:3a.
10O* 1 :3O or 2 o'clock. No smokinie In last two
cars! which are reserved lor ladles and th*i-
' S Retu"rnlns trains leav«- track -at 4:10 and
4-45 ami Immediately: after the last race.
THOMAS H. . WILLIAMS.. President. .
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary. . '¦
Weekly Call, $1 -per Year
' ¦ PATTOSIEX'S.
BIG LOSS ON
•^¦¦¦¦¦¦IJBilJIIIIE
The Old and Established Store
of Pattosien's Suffers
Seriously.
The Big Store Must Be Closed on
May 1st, and $100,000 Worth
of Furniture and Carpets
Will Be Sacrificed.
An opportunity comes only once In a
lifetime like the present.
The housekeeper and the hotel owner
should never, lei slip from them the
chance that now presents itself to buy
carpets, furniture, lace curtains, etc.. at
just what they cost at the mills and the
factories. At PATTOSIEN'S there is a
sale going on, the biggest in the history
of San Francisco. Pattosien doesn't
relish it any more than the downtown
high-priced dealers do, but circum-
stances have forced It. and buyers are
getting double the value in goods for
their money that they used to get.
The taking of stock at the big stor*
shows that they still have on hand al-
most $100,000 worth of fine Furniture,
Carpets and Curtains, which must be
sold before the 1st of May. as on that
day the store will be closed for altera-
tions.
This means that the swellest and
largest lines of finest House Furnish-
ings and Draperies are selling at a sac-
rifice.
Corner Sixteenth and Mission streets
is the location, and any street car con-
ductor will transfer you there.
POSTUM CEEEAX,.
SCRATCH
IT ON
YOUR
SLATE
WITH A NAIL-
Is the certain and active
cause of thousands of
cases of Nervous Prostra-
tion, Dyspepsia, Bowel,
Liver and Kidney dis-
ease and Heart failure.
Prove it in your own
cose by quitting Coffee
1 0 days and using
POSTUM
"There's a Reason."
IGft the littjp book.- "The
Road to. Wclivillc," in each
package.J. H. Beggs- was -taken into custodV
last night •¦'"; by Patrolmen: Hurd "arid
Hanley and his name* entered on : the
detinue book' at [ the Citfy Prison. Beggs'
is suspected of ; having robbed nickel
attachments on telephone bo •*r - •
Arrested on; Suspicion.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April 4.
To-morrow afternoon the track team
from. Pomona College' -.will meet the
: Stanford varsity athletes on the .cam
pus-oval in a coritestthat promises to
result very favorably ¦- for ' Stanford.
, The ; Pomona athletes, who have " been
here awaiting the ¦ meet for two days,
do *.not -expect to score ' more " than
twenty-fiVe points, but they hope to
make a" ; 'Better -showing against Stan
ford, than s they did in'the recent con
test with Califdrrfia. To-morrow's
meet is of unusual "interest in that it
will give j the first' reliable opportunity
this season to. draw a 'comparison be
tween ¦" the relative". . strength ; of 7- the
Stanford ;and California" v track •'•" team,
whichjwill hold their annual intefcoK
legiate- meet on the Stanford 'campus
'¦'.¦' • ; >-,:;
Southerners Confident -That Showing
1^-V' Will He Better Than Tliat "
Against 'Berkeley.
POMOYA COLLEGIANS WILL
MEET STANFORD ATHLETES
Sixth race— Mile and ; 60 yards, three-year
olds and un, selling. .
(!259 •Illilouon, (Randall) , . .10.1
0408 'Esherln (Schorr). .;.....'.......;.. ...1(K
e. r >44 Red Cross- Nurse (Rosa).. ............ US
C53B 'Ebony (Hamilton Stable). . ..... .'. . . . . S<".
r,r>47 *Hainault- (Thomas- & -'Reavey).. ".'...'. 105
( <iT.22)Hoceo ( Photo S table) . ." . . . . . .v ." .". '; . ~. ." Vi
C54U I^acy Crawford (Schreiber) l(;:i
C4S5 Evca ' G . (Coffey) .'.( 10J
allowance." : • .
Fifth race— Futurity course, three-year-old"
and up. handicap. .
H370 Olympian (Schorr): ........ :'.'.... '.1C0
C54.'! St. Winnlfrlde* (Painter). ............ .¦ 9'i
tmu Albuia (L?.ma?ney Hros.) ........100
i;4?/i At wood ( Hcmingray) 1)2
0544 Don Domo (Xewman) ................ 103
(»K!7»)HaKerdon (Frank): :. .110
0449 Misty'n Pride : < Jonw). : ; . . .100
C.S74 Double Six (Follar.sbee): . . :.Vr. ...... .108
<x)i»0 Moltu (Shannon)..'. ................... 85
Fourth race— Mile and 70 yards, four-year
olds and up, selling.
W.21 .Pat .-Morrissey ( Wellman) 105
0543 *Col) Van (Fountain)... W. 96
era". Billy Moore (Hector)...-. ./..Id
?B2;? 'Mr Farnutn (McCafferty) 1C0
6497 Chickadee (Rafour) 1CT
<;r.J2 »E1 Pilar (Haskcll)..' .:.:. 9
(!2;:2 Peeress (Coffey) ; • • • !H
C54« Kspetllcnt (Smith) 101
(f!51S)I'ctroUa (McCarty) ,05
CM S CarileQ (A pplcby) . .'. .,;...:...... 95
6557 Searcher (RomiKh> .'. • 101
C52;S Rim Rock (Jones) . 100
(6Ti34)*Matt Hogan (Majrrane) 1W
*)L'.'5O Judge VOorhies (Murray)... l"l
(<'4S0)Davld S (StanfleUl) ...... . • • HI
6547 Mocorito (Wellman) 1M>
CW4 Canpjo (Kirk & Co.) A '.loo
Tod Sloan (Herzog) • UH
62ao Jos, John (Lane) • • fl S
OAKLAND. April 4. — An inspection
of the police force was held to-day.
The Chief, with Captains 4 A. Wilson
and W. J. Peterson, made a careful
examination of the men's uniforms
and equipment.
Police Force Inspected.
NEW YORK, April 4.— The Royal^Bank' of
Canada has engaged $600,000 in gola bars at
the Assay Office for shipment to Europe.
The ordinance prohibiting the Tent
ing or leasing of buildings for Immoral
purposes was referred to the Judiciary
Committee. ¦- -' *
In explanation of the amendment
Brandenstein said it was a well-known
fact that pools are beingsold- on races
outside the track inclosures and that
the present ; ordinance was being
evaded on the plea that cigar stores
were only receiving- the money to be
bet on the races and sending it to the
Oakland \ track. The amendment . was
designed to remedy a, defect, in. the.ex
isting law, under which it Is impossible
to secure conviction.
"It shall be' -unlawful for any per
son or. corporation to sell or buy pools
or make books or make or receive, as
principal or agent or^ otherwise, any
bet or wager whereby money or other
representatives of value, are staked or
pledged on races or other contests be
tween horses, except within the in
closure of a rac£ track, and only upon
horse races held within said inclosure
and conducted within the limit of forty
(40) days in .any one calendar year,
prescribed by section one (1) hereof."
The Board 'of Supervisors yesterday
referred to the joint Judiciary and Po
lice Committee, a proposed amendment
to ordinance 577, regulating and re
stricting horse -racing. . The .amend
ment provides that it shall be .unlaw
ful to sell pools thereon, except within
the inclosure where racing is carried
on. The amendment follows: ¦ .
Will Carry Wnr to Chicago.
ST. LOUIS, April 4. — The officers of
the Union Jockey Club, which is the
only St. Louis track affected by the
agreement between *the Western and
Pacific Jockey clubs, said to-night
that they would appropriate $50,000
if necessary and carry the war to Chi
cago. • "We will prevent racing there."
said P. J. Carmody, general manager
of the new track, "by enforcing the
existing laws regarding betting."
lowed Phelan to get across the plate.
The score was as follows: k
St. Mary's Col>se— j California —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
DoergTi.cf 5 0O0 O,GilHs.2b. 21004
Haley,2b. S O 0 1 4 Adaron.et 4 13 11
Jtyan. o..fi 0 0 3 2 Strub.3b. 3 1 13 ]
Streib.lb. 4 O 1 11 2 Heltm.p. 4 0 2 2 3
Wester. «¦ 3 0 1 .'( l|Grhm.lb 4 0 O 9 0
Uccney.cf 3 0 0 1 O'Wulzn.rf 3 O 110
' Pbe!an.3b 4 1 1 4 . 4[B1!fs. c. 3 1 2 » 1
I Adarci.rf 4 O 2 1 0 Hamil.lf 3 O O 1 0
I Sehofld.p 1O1O 0 Sweesy.cf 2 0 0 1 0
Kergson.p 10 1.02'-, ¦
# Totals 28 4 9 27 10
Totals 33 1 7 24 15
rtUXS AND HITS BY IXXINGS.
1 St. Mary's 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 0 O— 1
; Base hits 00120020 2 7
1 California O O 1 O 3 0 0 0 O 4
i Base hit* 00012311 1—9
SUMMARY.
Stolen base — Streib. Error* — Domersu* 1 .
Streib (2). Adams (2), Graham, Bliss, Hamil
ton, Sweesy. Two-base hits— Phelan, Adamlna
Ptrub, Heitmuller. Bases on balU — Off Scho
fie!d, 3; on* Heitmuller, 4. Hit by pitcher —
Haley. 6truck out — By Scofleld, 3; by Heit
muller, R. Time of came — Two hours and fif
teen minutes. " Umpire — Kruger. Scorer
James A. Force.
Amended Ordinance Intro
duced to Stop Placing of
Wagers Upon Horse Eaces
NEW YORK. April 4.— In the open
ing game of -the thirteenth annual
championship court tennis tourna
ment, which was played at the New
York Racquet and Tennis Club to
day, O. S. Campbell of the local club
won rather handily from P. S. Sears
of Boston by three sets of love. The
scores were 6-4, 6-4, 6-3. The second
game went by default to the present
champion, Joshua Crane Jr. of Bos
ton. J. W. Henning of this city forfeit-
Ing. C. S. Sands of New York defeat
ed S.' T. Taylor of Tuxedo 6-0, 6-0,
Championship Tennis Games.
WOULD FORBID
POOL SELLING
The winner of to-morrow's game
will meet the nine from the' Grand
Hotel the following Wednesday and
the strife will continue around' among
the nines of the. other hotels.
The Bellboys' Baseball League, an
aggregation of. enthusiasts from the
bellboys' benches of the various hotels,
is the latest thing in local sportdom.
Nines have already been organized at
the Palace, the St. Francis and the
Grand and one is in course of con
struction at the Occidental and a
fourth is promised b>- the bellboys of
the California. To-morrow the initial
game betwen the Palace and the St.
Francis clubs is to be played on the
diamond in Golden Gate Park. 'The
rivalry between the two organizations
is very keen and if the competitive
teams put up anything hear the kind
of game they threaten there will be an
exciting hour of sport at the west end
of the city. The following is the
make-up of the two clubs:
Palace. ToFiticns. St. Francis.
Harry Trenton. . . Catcher. . .'. .'. . . .Jack' Martin
Tom Susrueler.... Pitcher. ...... Ben Spauldin*
Charles Leonard. .First base Bert Simpson
Frank Kline Second base... .Will Costigan
J. McCullough Third base... ..Tom Keating:
Tom Green Shortstop Will YounK
Frank Corcoran... Right fleM ...Ed Ariner
Dan Sullivan Center field Joe Blckel
Joe Enos Left field... Charles Plunkett
Palace and St. Francis Nines Sched
uled for n Game To-Morrow at
Golden Gate Park.
HOTEIi BELLBOYS WILL
MEET WITH BALL AND BAT
rirnt race— Optimo, Aunt Folly, Shell
Mount.
Second race — Hoolisran, Howard Vance,
Jocular.
Third race— Matt Hosrun, David S,
Moccrlto.
Fourth race— Colonel Van, Montana
Peeress, Expedient.
Til th race — Hatrerdon, Don Domo, Dou
ble Six.
Sixth race — Lacy Crawford, Haiaanlt,
Hoceo.
St. Mary's scored tally in the
seventh. Whelan hit for two bags and
Adamina for two more, which al-
BERKELEY. April 4.— California
turned the tables on the St. Mary's
College baseball men for the recent
defeat suffered at Stanford by drub
bing thorn with a score of 4 to 1 this
afternoon on the Berkeley campus. It
looked like a shut-out for a long time,
but "Heine" Heiimuller let up« a lit
tle in the seventh and gave two hits
that netted a run to the visitors. Cali
fornia outplayed the opposition in all
departments save fielding, in which
the college men developed the same
weakness for errors they did last Sat
urday against Stanford.
Heitmuller played his usual steady
game and had the others demoralized
all the time with his puzzlers. He
Ktruck out five men, made two safe
hits, two put outs and three assists.
California tallied the first run in the
third. Bliss got a skimpy life, stole
second, achieved third, on Hamilton's
sacrifice and the plate on Sweesy's
long fly sacrifice to left. In the fifth
California got three more and then
quit for the rest of the day. Gillis
got a life, went to second on Adams'
hit and'both came In on'Strub's hit to
deep center. Strub himself was lucky
eonugh to get home on that hit. for
the ball bounded through Gassoway
and Ekidded to the box office, staying
there long enough for the youth to
make the circuit.
College Men Outplay Their Opponents
in AH I>epartmenis of the Game
Kxeept Fielding.
CALIFORNIA DEFEATS
ST. MARY'S AT BASEBALL
PBOBABLE WINNEES.
WASHINGTON. April 4. — Benning* results: I
First race. flv« and a half furlongs — Mam- I
r"on wen. Alpaca second, Andrattus third.
Time, 1:10 1-5.
' Sevor.d race, V;ur and a half furlonEs — Gar
ret Wilson won. Lilly Brook second. Pyg
muM^n third. Time. :57 4-5.
Third race, e:x furlongs — Sprinjt wen, Gra
ae!> Fercnd. Briar-Thorp third. Time. 1:16 4-5.
Fourth race, EaFter Monday steeplechase.
alvut two and a half miles— Jim Newman
w^n, Billy Hay second. Harrow third. Time,
S:-J!>.
Fifth race, »even furlong* — Nine Ppct won, •
l*rinc«-;et second. Setauket third. Time, 1:"1.
Sixth ra<-». fix and a half furlong*— lx>ve
N«jte won. Sweet Jane second, Tretorius third.
Time. 1 :C6.
Seventh race. t»ne mile — Mountain Breeze
won. W. B. FaMK ee-eond. Sallor'e l>ei:ght
third. Tim*. 1 :45 4-5.
Purse Winners at Heimins-.
Captain Neil will show a bulldog
that has a Boer war record. The
name of this dog is The Battler. When
the Commonwealth Regiment was or
ganized in Australia for the Boer war
The Battler was presented to the reg
iment as a mascot and accompanied
the soldiers to Africa. Captain Neil
was the adjutant of the regiment-
When the war was over. The Battler
having marched with the regiment,
was presented to Captain Nell. It has
won several prizes in Australian bench
shows. The second prize • for best
colonial breeding 1 was won by it at the
bench show of the ' Victoria Poultry
and Kennel Club in 1901.
The entries for the eighth annual
bench show of the California Kennel
Club, which closed Sunday night.
number about 500 so far as heard
from yesterday and the returns had
not been received from Los Angeles
and Portland. The 'number of en
tries surpasses the records of several
years. The bench show will open on
April 13 and will continue -untilAprH
16. inclusive, in the Mechanics' Pa
vilion. One of the star attractions
will be fifteen foxhounds to be ex
hibited by Charles K. Harley, includ
ing Wande Coastguard, which won
the first prize at the last bench show
in New York.
California Kennel Club Will Exhibit
Animals That Have Records as
Winners of Prizes.
FIAt HUNDRED ENTRIES
FOR COMING BENCH SHOW
The Olympic Club, by W. G. Har
rison, president; and J. Elliott, secre
tary, sent a pommunication to the
board stating. that there is only one
amateur organization— the Pacific Ath
letic Association — which has control of
amateur sports in this city. The, com
munication is relative to an effort made
by an organization of four clubs to
have the ordinance regulating amateur
boxing amended so that clubs belong
ing to any amateur organization may
secure permits for exhibitions.
The communication states that the
Olympic Club does not consider the
four clubs In Question as amateur,
claiming they are interested In boxing
purely for the profit therein, and If
there be any more than one central
ized body to govern the amateur
sports, amateurism in San Francisco
will become a farce.
Supervisor Buxton opposed the
amendment, holding that control
should not be taken away from the
Pacific association, while Braunhart
wanted light on the alleged Superior
Court decision that the Supervisors
had no legal right to designate what
association amateur clubs shall belong
.to. Eggers said the decision was platn
on its face and charged that the Pa
cific association had violated the rules
.by allowing trophies valued; In excess
of the legal amount to be given to con
testants, but the latter statement was
denied by George James. Supervisor
Brandenstein held that Eggers* charge
required that an investigation be held,
which was ordered.
The amendment increasing the value
of trophies that may be allowed to con
testants from $15 to $35 was passed
to print.
The resolution granting the Bay City
Club a permit for % an amateur exhibi
tion on April 6, which had been set
aside, pending the settlement of the dis
pute, was adopted, as the club has been
put to some expense for the same.
Representatives of the Pacific assa
ciation objected to the amendment and
the newly organized California Ama
teur Association, composed of the Bay
City, Hayes Valley, Lincoln and S^an
Francisco clubs, which have withdrawn
from the first named organization,
spoke in favor of it, as it would give
the California association, jurisdiction
In the matter.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
reref erred to the Police Committee an
amended ordinance to regulate amateur
boxing exhibitions by .eliminating the
section requiring amateur clubs to be
long, to the Pacific Athletic Association
and substituting therefor a provision
that clubs belonging to "any amateur
organization" may secure boxing per
mits. I '
Action was taken on a charge made
by Supervisor Eggers that the asso
ciation named had permitted the ama
teur rules to be violated.
Schreck put on the finishing touches
to his training yesterday and is confi
dent of his ability to take tire Califor
nian's measure. He appears to be in
fine form and claims to have had no
trouble in making weight. The men
will weigh in at Harry Corbett's at 3
o'clock to-day. They are to fight at 153
pounds.
Like Seiger, Schreck can boast of
never having been put down for the
count, but it remains to be seen wheth
er his next fight will be with Joe Wol
cott or some preliminary.
! Biddy Bishop asserted last night that
his man had injured his right arm in
training, but that It would undoubtedly
be In form for to-night's go. He Is loud
in- his praises of the Chicago man's
ability, and fails to see why the odds
should be as they are.
While Woods" is generally "acknowl
edged by fighting fans to be a great
fighter, wi$h a terrific punch In either
hand and as fast as a streak of light
ning, there are many that are wonder
ing whether he will lose his head and
fight wild when up against a man that
equals him in ability. Still, again, there
are others that are fostering suspicions
that a second Charlie Selger is about
tc be introduced to the coast.
Betting on to-night's fight between
Billy Woods of Los Angeles and Mike
Schreck of Chicago is not as brisk as
might have been expected, and though
there has been a large advance sale of
seats and the local man I3 favorite
at 10 to 7. It is evident that sports
are not sure enough of thely man's
chances to back him with their coin.
Bettors Pick Colored Boxer
.to Stop His Opponent In
side of Twetity Bounds
Sixth.- race. Sl&uson couriw — !»anon. 10S
(Fc'.cht). even, won; I<ady Fonsr. W) (Ander
son». iO to 1, second; Estado 106 (Lawrence).
7 to 2. third. Time. 1:1116. Jack Richelieu
Jr.. Natal, Neko, The Covenanter. Matronla,
Kathertne Ennis, Eldred and Susie Christian
also ran. ' . • - • .
Fifth race, mile anil ICO yards, selling —
Bucdeulh. 104 (Jackson). 6 to 5. won; Durbar.
M iLewin). T to 2, second; Diamante. 1O3
• Dugan). s to 1. third. Time. 1:4S'4. Discus
also ran. , . • . . ¦ ¦
Fourth race, .seven furlongs — Callant. 100
<F»»ichti. 5 to. I. won; Columbia Girl. OS (John
son). 3 to 'J. Second; niwood, 93 iLaMrenct.
S to 1. third. Time, l:2S'i. Greenock .M F.
Tarpey. C. B. Campbell. Foncasta, Glennevis
ar<1 Barrincton-also ran.
Third race. n\f and a half furlong? — Potrero
Grande. 108 iL^wrence). 7 to 10. won- Carlisle,
103 «Fetcbt». 40 to f. second: Mabel Reed. 1)8
• Jackson), 4 to 1, third. Time. 1:11. Capitol.
Pieuirr. Jose Donlon, Riceful. Saciar and
Ro<2o!f.> also ran.
Second rac»». *ix furlonjrs — Waiter. 105
<Prior». 3 to 1. won: Homage. 103 (Murphy).
20 to 1. second: Skirmish. 103 XSinnotty. 10 to
1. third. Time, 1:18. Emfhef. Nona B. Mac-
Flccknue. Blurridge. Profitable, Pirato and
l>6rk Secret also ran.
Cursus, the favorite, started the day
with a victory over Bassanio and Lit
tle Secret. Waiter took the next at 3
to 1. with Homage second and the
favorite, • Skirmish, third. Potrero
Grande, played from evens down to
1 to 10, won the third easily from
Carlisle, with Mabel Reed third. The
winner was the medium of a big
plunge by both big and little bettors.
The fourth was the best race of the
day and brought out nine good ones.
Columbia Girl made favorite,
backed from 2 to 1 to even and then
receded to 7 to 5 at uost time. El
wood and Callant were held at 5 to 1
and did not lack backers. The others
were from 8 to 20 to 1. Callant won
handily from Columbia Giri*. with El
wood third. The seven furlongs was
run in 1:28«^.
Baccleuth was the tip in .the fifth
and won all the way, with Durbar sec
ond and Diamante third. The last
went to Xanon." backed from 2 to 1
to evens at post time. Lady Fonse
took the olace from Estado.
The weather was fine, the track
fast. Results:
First race! one m'i!e— Cursus. l©0 <L«owe). 3
to 2, won; Bassanlo. 100 (Felcht). 4 to 1, sec
ond; L.itt> Secret, 1<1O (Duxan), 6 to 1. third.
Time, 1 :4X Inrolenc*. Plan. Henry Clay Rye,
Turtle and No FVi»nd also ran.
LOS AXGELES, April 4."— The card
to-day was a good one and the racing
was first-class from every standpoint.
Four favorites, one second and one
third choice ( .were the; successful
horses. The wagering was as lively
as has been seen at Ascot ahis season
and the public took away a large
amount of the bookmakers* money.
Handily Oiitfoots Columbia
Girl and Elwooit Over the
Seven Furlong Course
Fourth race. Tennessee derbr. rr.iie and «n
<-",gnth— Proceeds, 122 «Heigersor<). 1 to 30,
ven; Conjurer. VJ2 (Lynn*). cour>d with
I'rocwis. second; Sumuri. 122 «H. Wilsor.). SO
to I. third. Time. 2:02 l «. Three starters.
Fifth rat*, four furlonirs — Dundaii won,
Wrodclaim second, Arah May third. Time,
Sixth race, six furlongs — Skillful won. Chief
l»»ru*y second. Redman third. Time. ItlBH-
Seventh raf*. raile and seventy yard? — Mid
shipman wcr.. Faulkland second, Missile
third, Tisie. l:4R«-j.
8»cor,d race, four and a half furlonjfp — One
Way wen Tom Shelly second. Vidalla third.
Tirrr. iW*.
Third ra.c*. en» mile — Fossil won. Coruscate
B*rnn<5. l?an McKer.r.a third. Ttrr.e. 1:13U.
race.
The starters wore Proceeds and
Conjurer from Captain S. S. Brown's
stable and Hamuri from the string of
1H. Coiripan.
The start was made on the first
»>j:say and the horses got off with Pro
teeds leading:. Conjurer second and
Samurl third. These positions were
held until the finish and Helgerson.
en Proceeds, made no effort to draw
away from the others. The colt was
under strong restraint the entire
rout«> and the time. 2:02 \t. was not
a« fast as the general average of sell
ing races at the same distance during
i!i*> meeting. The race had a net value
to the winner of $5030. Summary:
First race, mile and seventy yard* — l-arvv ;a
vtn. Fipn<-»r:an secor.d. Rachael Ward third.
Tim*. U4SI4. •
MEMPHIS, Tenn.. April 4. — The
Tennessee Derby was run to-day at
Montgomery Park before a record
breaking attendance, but there was
not a soark of enthusiasm, the result
being a foregone conclusion, and the
only speculation being the distance
the third horse would finish from the
Jeade!i« and the time for the mile and
an eighth. The entries had dwindled
to four last night and although there
was some talk of probable added
starters it did not materialize and of
the four declared to start Geronimo
was scratched immediately before the
Gallic Little Fossil Annexes
a 31ile Event at the 3Iont
gomery Park Course
THKEE HOUSES START
Amendment to Take From
Organization Control of
Boxing Shows Proposed
Frank Doss purchased The Scotsman
from W. B. Jennings.
M. D. Miller will sell twelve of his
horses in training at OaklandYnext
Monday.
W. B. Jennings and wife leave for
New York on the overland this morn
ing. Walter's colors are the most pop
ular on the California, turf, and noth
ing would please racegoers better than
to learn * . that Proper had won the
Brooklyn handicap.
The' Pacific Jockey Club has turned
! the glassy eye on the Union Jockey
Club, ' and any horseman ' from r here
racing at the new St. Louis track will
be outlawed. It was announced yester
day that full reciprocal .relations^ had
been established between the Western
Jockey Club -.and the Pacific Jockey
Club, and' they will recognize each'oth
er's rulings. This is a severe blow • to
the new Carmody track, for many local
turfmen had signified their intention of
racing there."
An Press, dispatch ; from
Chicago last night says: The dispute
of the Worth Jockey Club of. Chicago
with the Western Jockey Club over
racing dates was not adjusted, and it
is announced to-night that -there will
be no running on the Worth track this
year. ' .v'^.V r
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY. I
First race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds^ and
up; selling: ¦ : ¦ _.•....
G439 Oro Viva (Fountain).. 100
•B55« Shell Mount (Wellman) 10(5
C544 'Young . Pepper (O" Rourke) lui
C543 Ethel Abbott <Miller).. fltt
644U Lou CHeveden (McDowell).... »:i
«52l 'Anlrad (CofCey). SS
C55G Clausus (Ryan) 101
«iol8 Cathello (Clayton)....^, w.t
6520 Aunt Tolly (Graffort).... .j«u
G422 •Crigli (Gruwell) So
(«4!>«)*Optimo (Price) '. 104
6424 Benlash (JeunesM. ................. ..103
«42* Alice Carey (Bell). ku
58S7 •Kitty Kelly »Stanfleld).. .......102
6520 Marelio (Quinlan) i(ni
Second race— Half mile; maiden two-year
olds; purse:
63S7 A naurus . < Ryan) . . 1 Oa '
6507Pirelia (Miller).. ..i<xi i
62G7 / EdHa SullUan) .................. ;1»J»
-•". ". .'.' Jocular (Touhey) .............. ...... loi)
¦' Maxio-l'unstrcss.
6531 Howard Vance (Fitzgerald) ....:112
.... Maybe (Mowry) 112
. .;Yo El Rey- Irene.
C531 Anita Knight (Spratt) i(H)
6375 San Jose (Summers).;...". .':.'.....";. .10*5
... ." Falmdale (Smith); ........... .;;. <;¦;;¦. 112
••¦'-. ;• George Kessler-La Palma.
6T.45 Ben Eric (Dobson).*. . .. ;.... 106
€519 Velna (Van Corden). .'. .-.v. . . . .UK)
0507 Hooligan (Fountain) .... i ........'.;... 109
0459 Abba (Albemarle Stable) ..\ 1 03
Third' race — Six and a! half furlongs four
year-olds and • up. ¦¦: selling. ->','":-: ',, .•
«530 Royal White : (Isovtry).:; rl. ........... os
«a20 Moddcr (BuckhoUz) ..:r;;:. .'...aiCi
6377 ' lllowaho '• (Stftver) ;..."....... jfis
fif.23 -*Galanthus (Coffey).. . . . .".-.. . . . .r. . : .'. lu<.(
CVTJ Quiz II (McCafferty)................. m
««io CaaUva-ta (Bianchl &. Co.K ...... '.loo '
Charley McCafferty bid Constellator
up from $400 to ?S0O and secured the
gelding. *-
The California Jockey Club has set
aside Aorll 23 for Fabiola day. A race
for gentlemen riders will be one of the
features.
All that kept the backers of Cousin
Carrie — equal favorite for the mile
event with Reeves — from cashing was
the half-hearted ride she received.
Vanderbout had the leg up on the
mare, and after losing ground enough
on the stretch turn for a baseball park
was beaten out a length by My Sur
prise, a 5 to 1 chance. Shell Mount
came very fast from the rear, taking
the Fhow from Puss in Boots and los
ing the place by only a nose. Boriner
on Reeves gave a weird exhibition.
Constellator looked the class of thfe
mile and a sixteenth number, and.
if ready, 2',& to 1 appeared a liberal
quotation. Well, he was ready, receiv
ed strong support, and had the race
won from the time Dick Dwyer sprung
the barrier. Idogo, the runner up all
the way, experienced no trouble in dis
posing of Polonius for the place.
Nothing but the lethargic ride of
Bonner prevented Rey Dare, the favor
ite, from getting some portion of the
last purse. If Bonner was dealing out
his best, then he has forgotten how to
ride, <and the judges should set him
down for incompetency. Horton and
Pierce J, two other well-played ones,
also ran poorly. Scherzo suddenly re
covered his best form, and, pounded
down from 10 to 6 and 7, won all the
way in boat-race fashion with Knapp
at the helm. Laocoon, another rank
outsider, downed George Berry, a 12 to
1 chance, for the place. «
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
North West, the 13 to 5 favorite,
made a runawav race of the opening
six-furlong sprint. She was ridden by
"Big Bill" Knapp and, jumping away
in front, won galloping at the close,
ten lengths before Lady Atheling.
Dusty Miller ran third.
It was due to Powell's good hand
ling more than anything else that en
abled Bob Ragron to beat the favorite
Del Carina for the two-years-old
scramble. He hustled the Kismet colt
away from the barrier in the lead and,
putting up a strong finish at the end,
crossed the line half a length ahead
of the first choice. Otis on Marie J
took show honors. Mildred B showed
some earlv speed, then retired.
Possibly Willie See did the best he
could '.with Divina, the coast mile
ord holder, in the mile and a sixteenth
purse selection at Oakland yesterday.
But the betting looked bad and
Willie's effart warse. The mare
opened at 8 to 5 and went to 12 to 6,
with some of the pencilers laying 4 to 6
a place in a five horse race. The In
side money was bet on Ben Macbhul,
which, with Bonner up. made all the
running and was never even hailed.
See ran Into squalls, punctured a tire,
was twice in danger of foundering, had
his rudder chain broken, narrowly es
caped a collision with Carat, blew out
a fuse, ran short of matches and even
lost the place. to G. W. Trahern, a 16
to 1 Ehot. by a head. It was certainly
one of Willie's star performances, and
he scored some sreat hits last sum
mer during the matinees given at the
Seattle merry-go-round.
There are two or three riders at
Oakland that need grilling and the
sooner the judges do it, the better the
sport will be. In fact they would not
be missed frorn , the turf altogether.
The racing yesterday resulted In the
overthrow of three favorites.
LOCAL MAX FAV0E1TE
; OAKI.A1TD BACETBACg-MOXDAY, April 4.— Weather fine. Track fast.
655-1. FIRST RACE— Six furlongs; 3-year-olds; value to first, $325.
.In^exl Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. *4 . »£.,, %., Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
| <6321) Xorthwest (Clifford & Co.)... 100 3 ... 3 l'/.l 3 15 110 Knapp 6-2 13-5
Cr.22 Lady Athcling (T.McLaughlln) 99 10 ... 7. n 5 2 4 '4 2 2 Roach, 7-2. -9-2
C535 Dusty Miller (P. Sheridan)... 105 2 ... R 1 6 n 6 2 » h Hoi brook .. 15 40
mta Zenonlan (J. Martin) 107 4 ... 2 % 3 1V&3 14 4 n Otis 5-2 14-5
I (6508) Jack Little (\V. P. Fine)...... 1C7| 7 ...11 10 2 8 Vi 0 \Vj McHannon " 15 40
I 0522 Dungannon (Knebelkamp). .... i>5|ll ... 9 2 ' 7 % f) 2 6h Crosswaite 6 0
; C50S Kmil tT.TJ. Williams) 100 1 ... Gh 425 2 7 2 II Butler.. 60 100
I (<55.'!o) Floriana Uelle (Miller & Co.) !»5 0 ... 1 i|;;i' 23 84 Bowman .» 12 30
(522 Homeric (O. P. Romigh). . . .1105 7 ...10 211 10 2 «2 T. Clark... 20 .20
•5183 Xora (Heuarty & Chappelle). .|lOO| 8 ... S 2 9 I 7 n 10 n J. Jones.... 50 ICO
.... L'rsuline Slater (La Siesta R.)j 95] 5 ... 4 2 8 2 11 11 Vandrbout - 20 40
Time— :L'4U :4fl'i, 1:15 ! At post 1 minute. Oft at 2:14. Northwest, place, 1; show, 1-2.
Athcling. place, 2; show. 4-5. Miller, show.' 7 Winner, br. t. by Montana-Nina M.
Trained by J. F. Clifford. Scratched — County Down. ,Foxy Grandpa. Start good. Won
galloping. Xext three driving . Winner ran circles abound his field. . I^ady Athellng came
. - from' far back. Zenonlan quit very early. Jack Little closed well. Florlana Belle quit.
*Los Angeles Index COOS. • • 1.
0555. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling; 2-'ear-olds; value to first. $323. •
Index Horse and Owner. ¦': WtlSt. # . %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey: Op. Cl.
C507 Bob Ragon (Summers & Co.). 110 5 ... ... 2 1 1 H 1 's I. Powell... 6 6
(6507) Del Carina (R. A. Smith).... 102 2 3 u, 2 h 2 1>* Larsen 2 9-5
C375 Marie J (M. Jones) 107 3 ... 4h 4 4 32 Otis 3 4
6447 Escobosa (Stewart & Co.) 107 1 5 % 6 2 4 »4 Haack 7 10
(6531) Mildred B (B. Schreiber) : . . . 102 4 ... ... 1 % 3 1 54 Bonner .... 3 18-5
•5859 Alary Pepper (Mrs. 'Miller)... 09 0 6 1 6 1 6n Hollander .. , 50 100
Pearl Waters (O. F. Waters). 102 7 ... ... 7 7 ,7 Connell ....j 30 13
Time — :25, :49*i. At post 3 minutes. Off at 2:43 Ragon, place 2; show. 4-5. Carina;
place, 7-10; show, 2-5. Marie, show. 3-5. Winner b. c. by Klsmet-Chatos*. Trained
by (3. Summers. • Scratched— Mogregor. Light of Da£ Nell Sullivan. Start good. Won
in a drive of three. Bob Ragon ' outbroke his field and was not headed. Del Carina
flat-footed when barrier went up. Marie J has gone . back. Mildred B quit. • *Lo3
Anereles index 6153. • ¦• '
«."»."<». THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first, |325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. (Wt St. Vi . %. %; Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C534 |My Surprise 4- (Mounce). . . .|106 6 ... 1 h In 2 n 1 1 Mountain .. 3 f>
(G122)!Ccupin Carrie, 6 (Burger Co.) 97 4 ... 2 h 2 2 In 2 ns Vandrbout 4 1S-5
(6520) (Shell Mount. 6 (J. Ryan} 104 5 ... 7 J£ 5 % 6 M 3 n Holbrook .. C fl
6846 Puss in Bqots, 4 (Josephs)... 07 1 ... 3 5.15-33 4 S Kncpp 6 13
(t>494> Reeves 4 (Lamasney Bros.). 107 3 ... 8 2 6 2 72 53 Bonner 3 18-5
(C532) Skip Me. 6 (Madison & E.).. lOf. 2 ... 6 n 7 2 4 % 6 2 Buxton .... 8 12
(53C4 Nullah, a (G. S. McKenzie). 102 7 ... 4 V, 4 n ft % 7 4 Crosswaite 15 10
; C533 Yellowstone. 5 (W. .V. Fine). 112 9 ... » ' 9 9 8 1.4 McHannon 15 20
C35O Clausus.' 4 (T. H. Ryan). J102 8 ... 5 % 8 1 8 Va 9 J. Jones.... 12 20
Time— :24. :48 1:12. At post 1 minute. Off ati 3:06. Surprise, place, 2; show. 1. Carrie,
place. 8-5;. show. 4-5. Shell Mount,' ehow.. 1. Winner, b. r. by Florist-Katie G.
Trained by W. Cine. Scratched — Romalne. Sir Dougal. Colonel Van. Cathello. Velma
Clark. Quiz II.- Start good. Won In hard driw? of three. My Surprise received the
shortest ride. Vanderbout on Cousin Carrie threw away race by wide turn Into stretch..
Even then with a stronger ride latter would have won. Shell Mount closed well. Bon
ner ' rode Reeves. Yellowstone ran a refreshing race.
G557. FOURTH. RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; 4-jr.-olds & up; to first. $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. Wt|St. M . H- %• Str. Fin. | Jockey. I.Op. Cl.
6350 Constellator. a (Keating Co.). OSj 2 1 1*41 2 12 1 2 1 % iRoach . 5-2 12-5
6546 Idogo. 5 (C. McCafferty) 107 7 3 2 2 n 2 n 2 1^2 l^|Bonner (i 7
6.120 Polonius, 4 (Stewart & Co.).. 106! 6 5 2 5 4 4 1»^4 14 3 4 jHaaek 3 18-5
6523 Searcher. 0 to. P. Romlgh).. 107 4 8 8 8 8 4 1%|T. Clark... 6 15
6533 Cloche d'Or. 4 (Mrs. Coftey).. t>6 3 R >4 (5 2 R'lj C 3 ' fi 2 |Crosswaite 3 9-2
C547 Moor. 5 (V. CTTbert). 105 5 2 1143 h 6 4 3 n 6 % iBuxton 10 15
6542 W. Overton, 4 (Knebelkamp). 107 8 4 h 4 1 3 "14 J> 2&7 1 Otis ... 20 25
6470 Elmer L. « (Klunder& Co.).. 107 1 7 5 7 6 7 5 7 18 JMcHannon' 15 15
Time— :24U. 49»4, 1:16. 1:43U. 1:49>4. At post 314 min. Off at 3:34V6. Constellator. place,
6-5; show, 3-5. Idogo, place. • 5-l f r»show, - «-f». Polonius. show. 3-5. Winner, b. g. by
Brutus-Constellation. Trained by W. Keating. Start good. Won handily. Next two
driving. Winner bid up from $400 to $SUO by C. McCafferty and spld. Winner best. Idogo
ran his race. Polonius ran out latter part of race. Searcher weakly handled. Cloche
. d'Or wpn't do. Others no account.
U,",s. FIFTH RACE — One and a sixteenth miles; purse; 4-year-olds up; value to first, $325.
Indexl Horse' and Owner. IWtSt.V*. %. %» Str. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
6500 Ben MacDuhi 6 (P. Ryan) 108 1 1 n 1 % 1 l>il 2 14 Bonner .... 6-5 7-10
6510 G -W. Trahern 5 (Summers). 110 4 6 3 8^3 2142 1>52 h J. T. Shehn 10 1«
(6127) Divina T, (El Primera Stable) 110 3 3h 5 4h 4 4 81 See 8-5 11-5
C547 Forest King 5 (Jones tk Co.) 1081 2 2 2 2 W 2 n 3 n 4 8 I. Powell... 6 13
Carat. 5 (McAllister & Co.)'. . .jllO| 5 4 1 4n 6 '5,5 Connell .... 10-30
Time. :25. :50. 1:15. 1:41V4, 1:48. At post ¥t minut*. Off at 3:59^. Ben. place, 1-4; show,
out. Trahern. place. 3; show, 4-5. D!vina/show, out. ¦ Winner, b. h. by Ben d'Or-Sierra
Madras Trained by P. Ryan. Start good. Won very easily. Next three driving. Noth
ing bothered the winner. Divina ran a very'POor race under indifferent handling. For
est King had speed. Carat had early ap«*d. hut was not ready to go far.
6559. SIXTH RACE— One mile and fifty yards; selling; 3-year-olds and up; value first, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. >/*.• J ,4- *i- Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
O49t~ Scherzo. 3 (Pueblo Stable) 95 6 13 12 1 1%1 2 1 2^4 Knapp 10 9
((3231) Laocoon 3 (Mrs. Coftey) J)5 2 2 n 2 n 2 n 3 14 2 h Crosswaite -.10 12
C543 G. Berry. 3 (Boettger & Co.). 100 Sp 3 3 14 4 1 2 n 3 1 14 Holbrook .. 6 "12
(6533) Horton a (Blanchi & Co.)... 10f? 5 6 T» h- 5 3 5 2 4 I. Powell.: 2 9-2
64S5 Rey Da"re. 6 (J. C. Nealon).:.. 105 4 41 4 1I&H h 4 1^5 7 Bonner .... 11-5 5-2
6461 Pierce J 5 IE. G&ylord) .. 1081 1 3 14 6 6 C 6 Bozeman .. 4 3
6494 Tom Slavln. 0 (T. C. Clifford) J106] * .. . ... Haack 10. 13
Time — :25U. :49^4, l:15«i. l:41?i. 1:44 w.. At post ',4 minutes. Off 'at 4:23. Scherzo, place,
4; show," 2. Laocoon, place, 6; show, 2. Berry, show, 2/ Winner, b. c. by Crescendo-
Amida. Trained by J. Glvens. Scratched — Oriana. Start poor. Won all driving. Scher
zo well riddtn. Laocoon ran a good race. Horton apparently couldn't get up. ¦ Bonner
rode Rev Dare. Pierce J. ran a quarter of a mile. 'Left.
Captain Brown's Colt Wins
the Tennessee Derby From
His Stable Companion
AMATEUR CLUBS' WAR
Police Committee to Probe
Alleged Acts of the Pa
cific Athletic Association
Woods- and Schreck Both
Confident of Their* Abil
ity to Take the Laurels
Bob Ragon Defeats
Del Carina at
Oakland.
CALLAXT LANDS PUBSE
I Four Favorites Earn Sets
of Winning Brackets at
the Ascot Park Track
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
ONLY A GALLOP
FOR PROCEEDS
FIRST CHOICES
GET THE COIN
CHARGES ROLES
ARE VIOLATED
WILLIE SEE IS CRITICIZED
FOR HIS EFFORT ON DIVINA
FIGHTERS WAIT
SOLID OF GONG
RACETRACK HAPPENINGS AND NEWS FROM BOXERS' CAMPS
THE ,: SAN -FRANCISCO:; CALL,; TUESDAY. "APRli:; H, 1901.
10
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 MEN, IT'S FREE! I
9 ' ¦ ' • ¦' ' . ¦ _ .' -'I ;-• '.'2
® <^^V strongrer, younger (if he is old)! •
9 /i^rsJ^yw^SA^tTt-Sy! an d mnrn manly than he ever felt, m
9 I Vv^WvS^ZlSS^^M I am a builder of men. ' S
O ' teff \^^Jr^^^9^/ I ca " tttke any weak - Puny man and a
© y\> *B£0& v^« makrt him feol Ilko a Sar.do^-. Of course jk
9 nSeI^sl- * can't make a Hercules or a man who ?
A XS^^^. =iix£<p/ was never intended by nature to be J
2* " y&£E~:'" *~sfr strong and husky. I don't mean that. •
jl *W^.^3i But I can take. a man who^ started 9
J: , l jT t^§^_ "^ . ¦ 'with a fair constitution and before it •
9. -\ \ V^^^^^***"^^ * • sr°t fully developed bepan tearlns: it ©
9 \ \-^^^- '^*X.1 down. That fellow is weak nerved, slow. %
9 ' \ n. - \\ poky, lacking. in vim." ambition and self- m
9 \ y '£ \i confidence. I can make * a man " of him a
O *&k. V<?" in three months, so that hi« own friends Z
©¦ ¦ >^»sS. vl won't know. him. . '
ex * /^^^k x *i ¦ Every man who is weak -and "going '?
X //%^ra V I back' knows ' that ther*; ought to be •
2 i( 1 c I something which will restore that old '9
• ¦-/£¦•'*'» l> \^I "steam", to his physical body.. He has #
•' [4-%4SllJM §8* "* tried •: the usual -drus'. method and; found •'•
• ' . *i i ft §*iw%' vjj ¦ that a 'fizzle, and yet .he knows there Z
9 ¦'¦' § '§ % v&i. \ "\^a must be something. S
• #1 % m V -"#l- T,, 1 know U ' J 00 ' an ? 1>ve Cot it.. It's '2
® J^ » Electricity. ¦ Tiou can't . name anything -2
9' J?'l^' 8 M w Wl more likely to have that force which a •
Z /f ' % '^'\^ \^ 0^1 weak man lack.'/ It's a natural power. •
S /¥ fei V VNV •¦#«• * can pump it into a weak mamwhlle he 9
S -; // -^ . «' v ¦¦ • X*-- ¦ <<Vil sleeps and make him feel like r Sandow •
2f -f'l ' V ' '. Vl ln no time. It's the sp!ce of life. • ».#
• •'¦ ' : .'v*>V* SoRCt the hook, if you want to be •
S Office Hours: 8 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 1. •
AI)VEBtTISEMT,NTS»
m^W
The cold, raist\- rains, northerly winds and "damp, ]^*<Sznj
cloudy days of winter arouse the old pains and aches
and bring: out all the misery of Rheumatism. All rheu- -f^^^^W^
inatic troubles spring from a too acid blood and the y^^^SE^^^
deposit of gritty, iritating particles of acrid matter in the <f»!^^^B3^
joints and muscles, producing keen, cutting pains, inflam-
xnation and swelling, and «¦«? t«w—...»Ii «._, .
a feverish condition** the ¦>lhMA*.n^Vu^^Z^^'£*% ro
Whole SJ'Stem. ? e ,!5 g '™ n h V nder tr «atment of physicians and
.Rheumatism, having its \SiSXSS^S^SSSSi»^SRn^
origin in the blood, requires not use them. My finger Joints were also affected
an internal, constitutional SL t ffil^n%^SSaSKfi?. ( KS.ffiS
remedy to stop it. External w ,^ rk ' an <* "»• truly in & pitiable condition. .
treatment only relieves for a l^^r^^&?:£^S&^
time. Liniments and plasters tatinrly recommend it to all rheumatic sufferers,
produce counter- irritation'flR Mrs. mahiah decker.
and scatter the pains, but they collect at some other point, and Rheumatism
goes on season after season, finally becoming; chronic, and the joints and
S^^ muscles always stiff and sore. •
|^) lO^ S * S ' S * neytral izes ind filters out of the blood and
Vn^ \^\ system all poisonous acids and j unhealthy matter.
N-^7 and invigorates and tones tip the sluggish organs, and
¦^"¦^ thecure is thorough and lasting. S.S.S. isguaranteer
purely vegetable, unequaled as a blood purifier and greatest of all tonics:
Write for our boolc on Rheumatism. Medical advice and all informatior.
fiven without charge. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. A TLANTA. GA.Grand Blossom Day Festival
A^- San Jo»e, Thursday, . April 7.' Round . trip
tickets from San Francisco, Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley; f 1 75. " Other polnta. one and
one- third fa r«. •" Ticket* good on trains arrlv.
Ing at San Jose April 7;- good to return name
or following day. Ask Southern Pacific
a«nU. • / » ¦ ••
Jail" Breaker Takcp Back.
John Meyer, < the ex-convict," who es
caped from the jail art' Redwood City
last ' Friday- night [and was 'captured
here while ! to; r extort
money from McLellan Gilmore, ; livery
man, 174 Seventh ' street, on Sunday
morning, , was handed 'over \tb , a ; Con
stable yesterday^ 'and taken' back to
Redwood IClty.";-;, He has been convict
ed and sentenced to - serve two years
in San Quentin for, grand larceny;- but
is being detained as a witness against
Gilmore.; . ... V
Charged With Robbery.
Joseph M. Wallace and Qeorge
Lang, who was held to answer by
Police Judge Conlan last Wednesday,
on a. charge of burglary for breaking
Into the room of J. R. McMahan at
341 Jessie street on February 23, had
an additional charge; of robbery book
ed against them yesterday. The* war
rant was sworn to~ by Eugene Wright,
who, with his wife, occupied rooms in
the same house and were held ud at
the same time and robbed of a watch
and SS !n coin.
Kennedy Writ Denied.
The. argument on the application
for a writ of habeas corpus for the
release of William* B. Kennedy, alias
RTctiard Jackson, was heard before
Judge Dunne yesterday and the writ
was denied and the prisoner remand
ed. Kennedy appeared before Police
Judge Fritz later on the charge of at
tempting to commit burglary at.Cy
press Lawn <Cemetery on the night of
January 20, 1902, and the case was
continued till: to-morrow. Kennedy
was one of the thugs convicted of the
murder of Policeman Eugene -C. Rob
inson at Sixteenth and Valencia streets
on the morning of January 21, 1902,
but the case against him was dis
missed by, Judge .Cook" on Saturday.*
as the'Supreme Court had decided he
could not be convicted on the .uncor
roborated testimony of an accomplice.
Accuse* His Brotlier-ln-Law.
O. N. Hill. 750 Ellis street, secured
a warrant from Police Judge Mogan
yesterday for the arrest of, Arthur
Smith, his brother-in-law, on a charge
of g^'i^xA larceny. He' accuses Smith j
of stealing a diamond clasp-pin and)
two diamond rings belonging to his 1
wife and of the value of $300 on Sun- ¦
TREASURER HOUSE MUST
SIGN MUNICIPAL BONDS
Supreme Court Issues n Writ of Man-
datc Against Officer or Town of
Mill Valley.
This Supreme Court decided yester- ;
day that A. L. House, Treasurer of the ;
town of Mill Valley, must countersign '
the municipal "bonds for street 1m- J
provement. He claimed the issue was J
Illegal. The matter was taken directly j
to the Supreme Court on a petition for
a writ of mandate. The suit was a
friendly one instituted for the purpose
of discovering the proper course of
action. The bonds aggregate $50,000
in value. j
The court also refused to comply i
with the petition of A. C. Duncan and I
Maggie Duncan for a wrlt'of.injunc- J
tion forbidding the Treasurer of Los j
Angeles to give deeds to lots sold if or i
non-payment of bonds under proceed
ings for street Improvements.
Ignatinn Anniversary Bnnqtict."
Next Thursday night Ignatian Coun
cil No. 35, Young Men's Institute, will
celebrate the seventeenth anniversary
of Its institution with a banquet at the
Lick House. The anniversary fell on
March 30, but as that was In the Len
ten season it was decided to postpone
the celebration for a few days. Since
its institution Ignatian Council has al
ways been one of the leading Catholic
organizations and has always taken an
active and often a leadlng.part In nil
movements ofMnterest to the Catholic
community. It numbers among its
many of the most prominent
of the Catholic clergy, and laity. The
following are the officers of th!s coun
cil for the current term: Chaplain,
Rev. P. J. Ryan; past president. Mat
thew J. Carroll; president, Ignatius D.
Dwyer; first vice president. William J.
Hamilton; second vice president, John
F. Llnehan; " recording aecretary,
Charles L. Ebner; financial secretary,
M. J. Hurley; treasurer, Frank J.
Monahan; inside sentinel, E. C. Sel
enger; outside sentinel, H. C. Moffat;
marshal, George J. Peterson; execu
tive committee, R. D. Blake, F. A. Mc-
Carthy, John P. Duffy; physicians, Dr.
A. P. O'Brien. Dr. James H. Seymour,
Dr. J. F. Meagher; speaker, Charles
B. Fehn. ; 'V :; :\
Kangaroo farming is to become an
established institution 'is Australia. 7
Vacation Is Over.
After a vacation of a week the pub
lic schools opened again yesterday
morning. The attendance was large
and all of the instructors were on
hand. The volunteer physicjans re
cently appointed by. the Board of
Health to make a medical inspection
of the school ahildren began their la
bors yesterday' morning.
AGREED STATEMENT IN
CAPTAIN R1NDERS CASE
Steamship Companies Admit Escape
or Chinese From Peti-mUlon Shed.
but Deny Responsibility.
United States Judge de Haven yes
terday took under advisement the case
of the United States ot America vs.
Captain John H. Uinder, submitted to
him upon an agreed statement of
facts. Hinder was master of the
steamship Coptic on December 1,
1S99, when Lee Kune. Yee Moon, Yee
Yoo and Jung Gon arrived at this port
on that vessel from China. After hav
ing been placed in the Chinese.deten
tion shed on the Mail -dock there Chi
nese, admitted to be laborers and not
entitled to admission to this country,
made their escape from the shed. Cap
tain Rlnder and the Coptic being on
the high seas at the time.
The cases of Lee Foon, Lee .\h Din
and Ng Hock Yin. who escaped at a
different time, are Incorporated in the
same matter. It is agreed betw6en
the counsel for the Government and
counsel for the defense that the
steamship companies used all reason
able and proper precautions to pre
vent the escape of the coolies and that
none of the escapes occurred by rea
son of vis major or Inevitable acci
dent.
Trust company deposits now amouut
to over $1.500. 000,000. This is an in
crease of $1,000,000,000 in the last five
yoars.
Arrives From South Accom
panied hy Mother and the
Gallant Captain Collins
Miss Natalie Schenck, one of the
fairest belles of Newport society, who
has frequently attracted public atten
tion by her interesting whims, accom
panied by her mother, Mrs. Spotworth
Schenck, arrived here yesterday and is
registered at the St. Francis. Immedi
ately under the signatures of the young
lady and her mother on the hotel regis
ister is that of Captain Glen Collins, a
retired officer of the Cameron High
landers of the British army, with
whose name the young woman's has
recently been associated in reports to
the effect that they are engaged and
that their visit to California will be
followed by a wedding at Newport dur
ing the latter part of this month.
Captain Collins accompanied Mrs.
Schenck and her charming daughter to
the coa?t and has been their guardian
during a short stay at Monterey. In
the East, especially at Lakewood, New
port and other resorts where the more
select srts bide their time in summer.
Miss Schenck is always the center of
an admiring group. It was but a few
months ago that the report gained cir
culation that she was to marry Eugene
HIgrgins, but it developed latter that
this story grew out of the fact that the
your.g woman and her mother had been
the guests of Mr. Higgins on his yacht
on a trip across the Atlantic.
Just previous to this report society at
the fashionable watering places had It
that Miss Schenck was to become the
viff of T. Suffern Taller, but like many
other stories of a similar character it
was soon met with an emphatic denial
from the Intimate friends of the young
woman. Mi?s Schcnck's acquaintance
with Captain Collins dates back to her
voyage across the Atlantic on the Hlg
gins yacht, aboard which was also the
gallant British officer.
During the Spanish-American war
Miss Schonck gained considerable fame
by arranging an endless chain of cor
respondence with her grirl friends with
a view of securing contributions for a
fund with which to build an ice house
for the Red Cross Society. The popu
larity of the scheme grew to such an
extent that the postoffice at Babylon,
L. I., was flooded with mall, and even
tually Mies Schenck was forced to ap
peal to the Associated Press to afford
her relief by announcing to the country
at large that * further contributions
were not desired.
LaFt year, while at. Newport, the
young woman *et the fashion .of wear-
Ing her hair loose down her back on
sultry days, ' I-' o
FAIR NEWPORT
BELLE IS HERE
CANNOT SOLVE MVSTEKY
OF PLEASANT WEATHER
Charles S- Fee, the new passenger
traffic manager of the Southern Pacific
Company, who arrived here Sunday
from St. Paul, entered formally on his
duties at the local office of the com
pany yesterday. During the forenoon,
in company with Traffic Direator
Stubbs'of the Harriman lines, Mr. Fee
paid a visit to all the officials of the
company, to whom he was introduced
by his superior, and later in the day he
joined the conference between the pas-,
senger department representatives of
the Southern Pacific and the Santa Fe
in tho offices of the general manager
of the former road. In response to In
quiries Passenger Traffic Manager Fee
reiterated his statement made to a Call
Reporter Sunday to the effect that he
had not decided on any changes In the
paesenger department, and added that
he did not think any would be made
•by him. -
Julius Kruttschnitt. director of main
tenance and operations of the Harri
man lines, has gone to New Orleans.
He departed rather unexpectedly Sun
day evening. Although the purpose of
his sudden trip is unknown at .the rail
road building, it is thought he 13 going
to visit his former home preparatory to
moving from here to Chicago,' and it
was reported yesterday that he will re
turn here. In company with Charles
Markhain, who succeeds him as gen
eral manager of the company.
APPOINTMENTS MADE.
Following closely on the transfer of
Julius Kruttschnltt and E. O. McCor
mick to the Harriman lines' offices in
Chicago and the appointment of\ new
general managers for the different
Harriman roads, a number of minor
appointments have been announced to
fill the vacancies created by these pro
motions In the different companies con
trolled by the New York syndicate. It
was announced at Mr. Kruttschnitt's
office yesterday that the position of as
sistant general manager of the Oregon
Short Line, formerly held by E. E. Cal
vin, now general manager of the Ore
gon Railroad and Navigation Company,
had been abolished. The order an
nouncing this change readsas follows:
'"E. E. Calvin having resigned to ac
cept a position elsewhere the office of
assistant general manager of the Ore
gon Short Line is hereby abolished. 2
Buckingham is appointed general su
perintendent of this company, with
headquarters at Salt Lake, Utah. Hi«
jurisdiction will extend over the Sait
Lake division of the Southern Pacific
Company and also that* portion of live
Union Pacific line from Ogden to Green
River."
Buckingham's successor as superin
tendent of transportation on the* Union
Pacific is J. M. Gruber, former general
superintendent of the western division
of the Rock Island. Previous to going
with the Rock Island Gruber was as
sistant general superintendent of the
Great Northern.
MORSE STOIIY CONFIRMED.
Among the other appointments an
nounced are the following: H. V. Platt,
t\ be superintendent of the Utah di
vision of the Union Pacific, with head
quarters at Salt Lake; H. V. Hilllker,
to be assistant superintendent of tho
Utah 'division, with /headquarters at
Ogrden. Both will have jurisdiction
o\er the line from Green Itiver to Og
den, including Ogden station and the
Park City branch.
A. B. Forbes, who was chief
under E. C. Calvin on the Oregon Short
Line, becomes superintendent of tele
graph on that line. Forbes is .widely
known in western railroad circles, hav
ing begun his career in the service' of
the Union Pacific at Omaha. Later ha
wa3 transferred to Salt Lake City,
where he remained for twelve yeara,
and in 1897 he went to the Short Line.
A letter received here yesterday from
New Orleans by one of the Southern
Pacific officials confirms the report pub
lished in The Call several days ago to
tho effect that S. F. B. Morse, former
passenger traffic, manager of the/At
lantic system ot the Karriman road,
who resigned to enter the firm of Sully
& Co., had received a flattering offer
from the Rock Island passenger do
partment'and that a bid had been made
by the same company for the services
of General Passenger Agent Anderson'
of the Atlantic system of, the Southern
Pacific, but that the latter, after a
careful consideration of the proposition,
had decided to remain w.th the Harri
man concern. i
At the regular quarterly meeting of
the Police Pension Commissioners yes
terday afternoon Cantain Andrew J.
Dunlevy's petition to be retired from
tfie active list, to take effect on' May 1,
•was unanimously granted. In his peti
tion the captain asked to be allowed
to remain in the department till May 1,
so that he would be able to celebrate
the thirty-sixth anniversary of his
connection with it.
The captain was sent for, and Com
missioner Howell, who acted as chair
man, paid him a very high compliment
for his long and meritorious service
and his efficiency and bravery as an
officer. The captain , returned thanks
briefly.
Dunlevy joined the force on May 1,
1868, was made a sergeant on Decem
ber 27, 1878, and a captain on May 5,
1S84. He has always been in charge of
the harbor district, where he has made
hosts of friends.
Two other retirements were made.
Sergeant E. R. Harper was retired on
a pension through disability to his eye
sight. Commissioner Hutton voting in
the negative. Policeman George O'Con
nell was retired, as he had reached the
age limit and had served twenty-six
years In the department. -Harper has
had a varied experience. He joined the
department on April 11, 1S70; resigned
December 31, 18S4; was reappolnted
March 31, 1S92; was retired for disabil
ity in January, 1900; was ordered back
for active duty July 1, 1900, and now
he Is retired again from disability.
A peculiar case was that of R. J.
Falls. He joined the in
October, 18S3, and on September 23,
1SSS, while in the performance of his
duty, met with an accident that af
fected his brain. He resigned on Octo
ber 31, 1889, and shortly afterward was
Eer.t to an asylum for the insane. He
was recently discharged and denied
having sent in his resignation. An ap
plication was made to have him placed
on the pension roll, ail back claims to
be waived, and after hearing the evi
dence the application was granted.
The widow of Corporal John Burke,
who was placed on the pension roll in
January, 1903, and died the following
month without drawing a pension, ap
plied for a return of the money he had
paid into the pension fund since Febru
rry, 1S74. In accordance with an opin
ion furnished by City and County At
torney Long the application was de
nied.
Report That Rock Island
Wants Southern Pacific
Officials Is Confirmed
Alleges That He Once Drew
Revolver arid Threatened
to Murder Her Outright
Suit for divorce was filed yesterday
by Rose B. Gillingham against William
Gillingham en the ground of cruelty.
She claims that during the last four
years her husband has abused her and
used profane and indecent language to
ward her, ayd that on one occasion
he drew a revolver and threatened to
take her life. S .
The Gillinghams were married in Los
Angeles on August 24, 1891. Not long
after their x marriage he began to show
signs of extreme jealousy and often
accused her of infidelity, she^alleges.
For the last few years the pair has
lived at 1816 Pine street, where, the
plaintiff alleges, she has kept the en
tire family, including her child, her
husband's child and himself by money
she earned in the capacity of divine
healer and spiritual reader. She claims
that her lectures and readings at 1292
Howard street have netted her about
$150 a month.
Several months ago, it is claimed by
the plaintiff, her husband wrote her a
letter to the effect that he was going
out of town on business and would be
away several days. - It developed later,
she says, that he had merely written
the letter as a ruse and that he was
In town all the while, securing the ser
vices of detectives, who watched her
movements in an endeavor to catclfher
visiting other men.
Mrs. Gillingham claims that at the
conclusion of/ one of her meetings on
Howard street she was addressed by
an elderly man, who claimed to be
wealthy, and offered her $500 to cure
him of stomach trouble, lie told her
he would not go to her residency,' for
treatment, but asked her to treat him
at his rooms at 459 Geary street. This
the woman refused to do, but finally
assented, with the understanding that
her sister accompany her to the rooms.
No sooner had she called at the rooms
of her patient than her husband knock
ed on the door and demanded admit
tance. He was accompanied by a third
person, who, the plaintiff claims, was
the detective.
The plaintiff further claims that her
spouse was in the habit of visiting .mu
tual friends and defaming her char
acter to* such an extent that she was
soon looked upon by them as an im
moral woman. One day, she says, he
pulled her nose, told her she was crazy
and tried to throw her downstairs over
the banisters.
Suits? for divorce were filed by Harry
Rea against Dora Rea on the ground
of desertion, Dorothy Logan against
George T. Logan fc-r' failure to provide
and desertion. Sarah E. Mad len against
John C. Mndden for failure to provide,
Edith Olsen' against" Goel Olsen for
cruelty, Harry M. Saunders against
Eleanor Saunders^for desertion and
Delia B. King against Clarence King
for extreme cruelty.
Anita S. Miner was granted a divorce
from Ellmere F. Miner in Judge
Troutt's court on the ground of will
ful neglect.
SUES FOE A DIVORCE
Sergeant E. K. Harper and
Two Patrolmen Are Also
Placed on Pension -Roll
FEE TAKES HIS OFFICE
AVILL STEP OUT MAY 1
Harriman Is; Filling the
Vacancies Caused by the
lle^eiit General Shake Up
Eose Gillingham, a Divine
Healer, Claims Her Spouse
Called Her Awful Names
Police Pension Board Will
Permit Him to Celebrate
Thirty-Sixth Anniversary
SAYS HUSBAND
ABUSED HER
DUNLEVY ASKS
TO BE RETIRED
MORE CHANGES
ARE ANNOUNCED
PSW^^BMEfc*-^ ' : ¦ ¦ , L V^ "¦¦" #aW'-J"."W,:..'> ¦ . ;- f - --¦ ... ¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL/ TLJKSDAY^-APRIb 5, 190^.
l»rofc»isor Alexander McAdie Kails to
Discover t>en the Slightest
Trace of Rain.
Professor McAdie is deeply engaged
in trying to fathom the mystery of
yesterday's pleasant weather. The
'; iosest inspection of the gauges failed
to reveal the slightest trace of rain.
Th» sisns last night indicated a con
tinuation of fair weather, but even
meteorological portents are not always
rr-Mable. " "
The March map shows that not a
trace of rain was seen at Needles,
Bernardino County, during the
month. At other points, however, the
moisture was excessive. Plumas. Las
cen and Nevada counties report an
enormous rainfall. At L.a Porte there
was more than fiv'e feet of rain during
l-Vbruary and Maivh. Rov.tnans Dam
imports r.early four feet of rainfall for
February, but the observer has not
strewed up his courage to the point
v.hore he dare 3emi in the March re
port as yet. F.ear Valley. Brush Creek,
Kentfleld and Bransrom all report a
phenomenally heavy rainfall.*
McAdie has just returned from a
trip up the Sacramento River for the
Kdrpose of securing scientific informa
tion in regard lo the recent flood. He
win write an article on the subiect for
11
BAHWAY TBA VEL,
f / ~»Jhsst \^1 Tnilsi last* aad ar
y V m 2} l^ t^ ' f • I duo to »rrl*e •«
yCrv^^^^ZV/ sax fkancisco.
\4 f» \ € y (M*in Line. Ferrj Depo\
\Ji» V^^ Foot af Market Sireet »
jmxru — FbOm FKwmuvKT 17. 1MO4. — a»bit»
7.00a V«c»Ttlle. Winter". Kumiey 7.60^
. 7-00* BcnlcU, Salsan-Elrolrmsad Sacra-
n.rnru 7.20*
740a Vallejo. Xapa. C.illstogii. Santa
Ko*a. Mar'.lne*. Sau lUraon 8-20p
7B0a Klles, Llrerniore. Tracy. Lsthrop.
Stockton 7.20r
800a Stixrta Express— (VU Uari*).
Wttllamt (lor Bartlett 6prlng«>.
Willows. tKruco. Ked UluS.
PortUnJ. Tacotnn, Seattle 7.58'
8 00» D»Tls.Woodl«ad. KnlithU Landing.
Marysvllle. OroTlllo 7^0'
1.50a Port Costn. Martinez. Antloch.
Byron. Tracy. Stockton, Xew-
msi.. Los Uanos. Mendota,
Armon». Hanford. Vlsalla.
PortiTTiUe 4.2>
C.SOa Port Costa. Martinez. Tracy. Lain- - •
rop. Modesto. Merced. Fresno,
bosben Junction. Hanford. '
Vlnalts. naker»fleld 458*
•.JOa ; sues. S«n Jo»e. LlTennore. Stock-
ton. (tMllton). lone. Sacramento.
P!*cer»l»e. MarysTllle, Chlco,
Red Blair. 420p
8. SO* Oakddle. Chinese. Jamostown. So-
norm Tuolumne anil Aneejs 4 20."
0 00* Atlantic Express — Oit-.irn ind E»»t. 11.20i
8.30* Rlchmund. Martinez and Way
Station* ."... E SO.*
10 00* Tn«» OrerlaBd Limited — Ogden.
Uenrer. Omaba. Chicago. „ 6 20c
1000a Vallejo^ 12.23r
10.00a Los Anrfles rassfnser — Port
Costa. Martinez. Hyraa. Tracy.
Lntbrcp. Stockton. Merce'l.
Kaymonil. Fresno. Ooshen Jane-
tlon. Hanford. Lrraoore. Vlsalla.
Bctertfleld. Lo* Angeles 7.23*
12.00m HaywaM. Mies and Way Stations. 3.20f
¦ ti-OOP Sacramento Kl»er 8tearaer»™ tii.OOr
3 iOr Benlcta. Winters. Sacramento.
WcoilUnrt. (CnUhti Landing.
MarrsTlUe. Orortlle and w»y
stations '2§2*
SSOr Hay war.!. Ntlei and TV' ay Stations.. 7S0r
3 30 1- Fort Costa, Martinez. Hyron.
Tracy, Lalhrop. Modes lot
Merc«d. Frrsao ai.J Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Costa. 12 20?
5 30f Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 1Q.20a
4 COr Martlnez.SaulUmon.ValleJo.Kapa.
CalUtoga. Santa Ruta 9 20%
> 4 00p Nlles. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20*
4 30r Htywant. Nlles. Irvlngton. San) 18.50a
Jose. Llrermore ;. ) 111.63*
6-OOp Tbe Owl Limited — Newman. Los
llanos, Mruduin. Fresno. Tulare,
Bakertneld. Los Angeles. ---
Solden . Sute Llinit.-.J Sleeper.
Oakland to Los Angcle*. for Chl> • .
eago. Tla C. R. I. * V 8.50*
C.CQr Port Cc*ta. Tracy. Storktim 12-20p
t630i* llayward, Nllits anil San Jone ..... 7.20a
6- OOp llayward. Nlles and Sin Jose.. 9-bflA
6X0r E»»tcrri Express— Op\ji. Drnter.
Omaba. St. Louis, culca^u and
Kast. Port Costa. Mcnlcla. SuV
tun. Elmlra. Darts. Sacramento^
Kuckltn. Auburn, Colfax.
Trnckee. Boca, lieao. TVa4»
worth, winnemucca - 5 28»
S.OOp Vallelo, dally, except Sunday.... I T Kn _
7.00P Vallejo, Sunday only f ' 6 ° r
7. COr L'Ichmoud. san Fablo. Port Cotta, J ' i ¦•
UnrUnei sod Way Stations 11.20a
e.CBr Oregon A California Expreas— Sar>
ramento. MarysTllle. Redding.
Portland. Pujet Sound and £a»t. 8-50*
S.IOr liar ward. Nlles aad San Jose (Saa-
daronly).^ IV.50-.
COAST LINE t.-.arrpw w*« S e>.
<K»ot «»f Market Street.)
. 8.15* Newark. Oe-ntervlllr. 8an Jose,
Felton. Bnataer Creek. Saau
Cruz and Way Stations 6 53*
tZ.IBi" Newark. Cent«rTllIe. Saa Jos*.
Mew Almadea. Los 6ato*.F«ltoa.
Boulder Creek. Santa Cms and
Principal Way Stations tiO Sj»
4.16r Newark. Baa Jose. •»«Oatos and 1 1855*
way sutloni*.... » i10 SSa
•3-SOf Banter* Train. Satnrdxy only. Sso
Jose •-ad Way Stations. Return-
lac from Lr>« Gato» Snnrtay only :7 2Sr
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
Kroni BAN rilANCISCO. Foot «»f Market St. (Sllpo
- -t7:15 »:(«» ll:uua.M. 100 3 00 5-lSr.n
*rom OAKLAND. Foot of nn.mlway —.•»«•:)»» tdtM
18:05 1U:OU a.m. 12-00 200 4.00 P.M.
COAST LINE («r.ad uwu
pT (Third amt Tuwn^end Street!.)
£-10a 6an Jose mnrt Way Stations 8-30r
700a Sait Jose and Way Station* 6-38?
' 9 00a New Almaden (Tuea- Frld.. *nty). 4.10c
9.00a The Coaster — Stups only 3ar Jn«a.
m ¦ Gllroy (connection for Holli*-
. ¦¦ . ter>. Pa.laro. CastroTille (con-
• ecfton t:> and fmm Monterey
aad Paolflc UroTe), Salinas. Saa
. Arto, Paso Kobles. Ssnttt Mar
garita. San l.aif Ohtspa principal -
stations thence Surf (connrrtt'-a
for LonTpoc), principal »tattun*
thrnce Santa Barbara.Ssn Btiena-
rentura. Smisnj. I^os Angeles...* 19 4S%
8. C0» 111 Jote. Trrs Plnns. Capttola. . .
Santa Craz.PuclflcOroTe.Sallnaa.
San Luis Oblipo and Principal
Way Station* 4-1>
10.S0a fan Jote and Way Stations..... .. l-23>
11 30a Santa. Clara. »an Jo»e. Lou Uatu*
- tai: r,'»|s[«i!im« ; 7.30r
1-30r San Jooe an>t VTsv SUtfon* 8 33%
• COr Del Monte Ktpre«s— Santa Clarx'
- ' San Jo*«, Del Monte. Monterey,
'¦_ t Pacific 6roT« (ironaects at Santa
Clara for Santa Cruz. i'.-iuMer
Creek and Narrow Gauge Points) .. .
at GUroy for Holllater. Tres ¦ •
- Plnot. at CastrnTiile for Salinas. 1215'
SSOr Tres Plnos Way Passenger 10 4Sa
430i" *aa Jose and W»y. Sutlont :. t£.CC»
tBOO>- San Jote. (tIa Santa Clara) Lot _.
\ Gatos, and I'riuclpal Miay Su
Uvidi (except Sunday) rS-CO*
¦ b-iOi- fcanJo«e»nd Principal Way 9tt:lon» »9 43»
6-LOr Snoset Llmlti-J.— Ui-dword. San
Jose. G llroy.i* a.Una». Paso IU>bl«*.
. Saa I.ul* «>bl*ro. Santa DarHara. ,\^ ¦¦.--
Los Ange!»>. Pemlnar. Kl P»«>.
Kew Orleans. Xf» York. Ccn-
' ' . - necu at Ta]aro for Santa, Cru i
and at CantroTl!!* for Padfle
GroTe and Way Stations....:... 7.104
t< Mr Eauilateo.Bcretford.Beloiost.San
Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka.
MenloPark. Palo Alto * rS44«
- $ S0r San Jose and Way Stations > 0.39a
8 OOP Palo Alto and Way Stations....... 10-ISa
. If. Mr »oathSanFranclsco..MUlbr*e. Bar-
- - r «*.' U»g«aie. San Mateo. Beltftoov ",
Sta Carlo*. Redwood, Fair Oakt.
Mcnlo Park, asd Palo Alto. .. 9.45»
•11. Up Mayfteld. Mountain View. Sunny-
Tale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
San Jo»e t»-Air
¦ A for Morning. P f»r Afwrnoo*.
* 1 Sanday excepted 1 8«ad*y only - - >
a Saturday only. ... ,¦¦:./-
. '¦ | Stop* at all stations on Sunday. -- ¦•*.:. .
itrCMi trains ttorplng at Vaiencia Si. *o«taa«»j*v)
<rs b: 10 A.M^ 1:00a Jl^ 11:30 A.M..S:3O».r».«:S0p j».a-d
¦»:f»rai. r . _ . '. , . . ]¦'
TOSAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
MILL VALLEY/
(Lr^ADERO, Eta
.. ,-.; - -,. VU Sanaalito tvxrj.
¦-. Suburban Service. Stacdartl Uaaga Electric-—
Bepart from San Fraacaco Dally 7:00.*, S: CO,
0:tKl'To:00,-ll:Oaa. ra..- 12:2t>, 1:45." 3:ia..*:15.
5:15. 6:15. »:tO, 8:45. 10:20. 11:43 p. m.
FROM SAN "FAFAEL TO SAN FKANCISCO
—Dally. .6:23, 0:35, 7;4O, 8:35. 8:35. 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:43. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 5:15. «:45.
FROil" r M?LL n 'vALLET TO ' SAN FRAN-
CISCO— Da.ly. 5:45. 8:55. 7:52. 8:55, . »:*5.
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. 8:05.
7:C3. 9:00. 10:33 p. m. f£*m&-
g THROUGH -.TRAINS.'.- .
8*00 a. m dally— Caxadero and way stations.
¦ 5:15 p m week days > (Saturday excepted>—
Tomales and way station*. - .-. - ¦¦
3:15,P. m.'Satnrdays^Cazadero and way
* Sundays .'only — 10 ", %. m.V. Point Reyes and
¦way statlono. •. ;•
TICK ET, OFFICE— e2«. Market et.
, FERRT— Union Depot, loot of Mart* M.
ADVEBTISBMENTS.
; f-YwAr Old
\ ¥ For a mWQXZ \ j
The Uiffe.rencc won't amount to a great
f 'deal, and you'll be greatly benefited by the
trade. 1 want all the old Kazors I can get
in exchange.
j My llazora are All high grade makes,
; and range in price from ft. CO up.
• My $1.00 two cr three bladed pocket •
j knife is a world beater.
! Razor Streps as low as 25c. Two bars
Williams' Shaving Soap 15c.
; Mall Orders Promptly Filled.
COWRtCl STVCCS AND 5l2L«> ALSO
j BUSINESS AMO PROrCMiONAL C*.OOS
THAT MAN PITTS
r-WPiTTS i*» StatMmtr
1 1008 Market Street
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
CALIFORNl'V i
LIMITED TO CHICAGO !
LEAVES DAtLY \
at !):.'{(> a. m., through in R days '
with diner and all trappings. '
B^sjg^SjBjHHHMKsBES&fiSftBKBQCBUSBHi^sttvisaM^M
Other Santa To Trains:
n-ir> J' m' 1 tor Stockton. Fresno, Bftkersfield
8 :C0 p! m!j Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4: CO p. m. for Stockton.
S:C0p m. for Kansas fclty. Grand Canyon and
Chlcaso.
TICKET OITICES — 641 Market St. and
Ferry Depot, 3. F. Also 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland, Cal. 37 South First St.,
San Jose. .
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO
LESSEE
SAN FRANCiSCti /.flu NuRTH PAGIFIi
RAILWAY COMPAinr.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market Street.
SAN FBAKCISCO TO SAIT BATAXL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30 0:u0. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30 5:10. 0:C0 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 1I.S0 p. ra. ¦ i >".
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m
SUNDAYS— S:00. 0:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:S0. 5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN KAPAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK UAYS-^C:W5. 7:a.\ 7:i»O «:1'O. 11:16
a. r.i.; 12:50. :::40. 5:00. 5:^0 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and <;:T',5 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00 U:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:41).
3:40. 4:55. 6:C5. C:25 p. m.^
Leave I : In Effect f Arrive
San Kranclsco.l Sept. 27. 1903. jSan Francisco.
Week I Sun- 1 Destlna- J Pun- t Week
Days. 1 days. I tlon. | days. | Days.
"7*:30a 8:66 al ollOaJ 8:40 a
0:30 a| Ignaclo. 10140 a 10:20 a
: 3:30 p 3:30 pi 6:05 p DiSOp
I 5 : 10 p 6:00 p| " 7^35 p|
~7~3(Tii 0:10 a| 8:40 a
8:00 a Novafo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 0:30 a Petaluma «:05 :> «:2op
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
5:00 p Santa Rosa. -¦-¦""'-"
7 -30 a " - |10:40a 10:20a
8:00 a Fulton. I 7:35 p ti:-'O p
8:30 p 3:20 p '* I
I n Windsor.
'7:30a S:00a Healdsburg. 10:40a 10:20a
'. Lytton.
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale,
7:30a 8:00a Hopland 10:40a 10:20a
3:30 p 3:30p| and Ukiah. ' 7:35 p 6.20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a| wTlUts. | 7:35 pj tt:20p
7:30 al 6:C0a| . j - 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p( 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma, I 0:10 al 8:40 a
5:10 p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. |6:05p|6:20p
7:30 at S:00a| 110:40 a|10:20 a
:;:30p| :!:3op| Sebastopol. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES- -connect at -Green- Brae -for San
Quentln. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
I servllle . for. Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
¦ the" Geysers. Booneville and Greenwood; at
: Hopland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs.
| Kelseyvllle,. Carlsbad Springs, tioda Bay. Lake-
1 port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah foe Vichy
! Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
i Dell Lake, Witter Springs. Upper Lake, Porno.
Potter Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly'a,
Bucknells. Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle,. Orr's
Hot Springs. Halfway House, Comptche, Camp
Stevens, -HOpklns, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg,--
West Point. Usai; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg.
WestpoTt. Sherwood. Cahto, Covelo, Lay ton-
ville Cummlngs. Dell's Springs, Harris, OI-
•en's. Dyer. Garbervillf. Peppcrwood,' Scotia
and Eureka. ' " . * . ": ":¦' .
- Saturday to Sunday round-trip tick** at re-
duced rates.- - ¦•»¦ > . r . , ;
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at.half rates. „ . - - • •
Ticket offices. 630. Market street. Chronicle
building. V;-*\- . . ' » • . -. *
- H. C. WHITING. - R. X. RTAX... -
G«n. Manager.- ---• <Jen. Pass-'Agt.'"'.
Mt. Tam alpais Railway
,'.-:•¦ Le»W~ Th iiassllto hnj V Arrive
a—Fr»Bctoc» hflMutMtUi taFmclw > i
Mtetk ,8«»rr -^ -¦•'-•— ¦ -T— Sox I Wee? '
Da>-». ¦ day» JKffWmltk. Dayi, \
•HHA^S.oOa Mgmgim i*tOAr fOr^
•1t46r »:OO A H V -StftSr »:SO»
IiUHO:OOa W W ¦:IOr 5:SO*
. ,, . IIiOOa V V 4>S«r tiM»
s— . 1:«Bp '¦»'
¦ h St IS r\ : - l TiiOrl'IZ^
| "^SMSStTiftltsflit X M| l »»»«iTnw>BS.
'tICOT I toe VIaxjcxt ST^(North Shore RallroSr
¦HOB I aad Saw auto Vmmmv. Foot Uarkat St.
WEEKLY CALL, $i.00 PEBYBAA
• ADVEETISEMENTS.
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY CURES
Catarrh and Consumption
F. CflBXSTOFnSKSlSJfj
:VXi ivnntiylvania Av?.,
. >5an francisco.
San Francisco Proof:
"I contracted a wvwf rough. In ej»ite of all
tno fhii.il> due-tore could do. the couffh contin-
ued to grow wons* and I found myiself rapidly
running Jnto oon»uniption. I had no relief
nlcht or day. I vii loKlnp ficrYi and etrcngtli
rapidly and I believe that consumption had at-
r^ady BPt In. Fortunately. 1 heard of the
Elwtro-Chemlc treatment for such cases and
I went to the Electro-Chemlc Institute, 118
Grant ave., for rxamlnatlon and advice. The
Elwctro-Chemic bp«ciallst told me that Electro-
<*hemli«try could cure me. I believed him and
Immrdlalfly besran the treatment. In two
months' time 1 have been thcrwuiyhly cured.
' My couph Ss rone. th<? afternoon fevers have
rone, my appetite an<l rtrenfth have returned
»nd I ha\-f reRslncd all of my lo»t weight;
there I* no pain in ray lungs and I f*el per-
fectly *-iMI in every way. I know that the
Electro-'Oh^mic treatment saved my life.
(Signed) r. CHRISTOFFERSEN,
:!U3 Pennsylvania Ave.
FURTHER PROOF.
To demonstrate to the afflicted why
1 and how Elprtro-Chemistry cures Ca-
tsrrh. Consumption. Asthma. Bronchitis,
Dealnesi*. JZlnpiaz Kara, ahetunatiaai,
raralysis, Briirht's Disease, Diabetes.
. Sis casts cf the Stomach, Liver and
Bowels, Siseaees cf the Blood and Skin
and Special Dieeases of Men and Women,
we tv-HJ without cost give every patient
eall!r.£ upon us
-*-^ w-^ «-^ -—* CONSULTATION*.
|-H |wf |-« |-« EXAMINATION
f I\L-*L< aml TREATMENT.
IIUUE IKCAIiTlCni. distance Khould try to
o«me for « peraonal examination. When thin
is impossible, write the full description of all
rymptcms and full icrtructiona reKardlnir the
h'.me examination and treatment wilt be
promptly forwarded free of charge.
ELEGTRO-CHEMIG INSTITUTE
118 Grant Are., Cor. Post St.
SAN FHANCISCO.
Office hour* — 9 a. m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8
p. rr.. dally; Fundayt. 10 a. m. to 1 p. m.
£ei>arate apartmcau tor.ladie* and ceuUemen.-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
____^f^^ s^^^^_^_J ijj for Infants and Children.
WSlMJ? e Kind You Have
i " v - — '- jjz - — •• ' ' " MlffCiyw uuuKiii
AVcgdablePrcparaUonfcrAs- w * ** M
similatingiheFoodandBegula- 8 -^ , m
ting die Stomachs aMBcwels of » BSfitrS til 6 # 1
T,_ l| Signature //\vl
Promotes Dsacslion.Chpcrfuf- \f ff M t£*
ness and RestContains neither M n r iL Jt a H
Opium.Morpliii^e nor Mineral. ;| 01 \|^/ x
> t ot>Jaii.cotic.. I fflLVlir^
J^ecTOldJlrSiKUELPirCHm | I \r\
' /WU Scul' y. li*
j Abe. Senna ? l/u ¦
/W/&V*- , X *&*&. m. In
AoueA** ' 1 M A JTII I ll
cE5bXs^x_ M Mil i * ll
; g i II CO
AperTec! Remedy for Conslipa- m I ll IV WWU
i Tion, Sour Stomach, Diarrhoea m I \&T
Vorms.Cons'ulsions.Fcvensh- *m I af T A u diirt**
ness and Loss of Sleep, ij l\}\ UVul
Facsimile Signature of yjg
y Ewj^^gK J m B II 1 1 1 jf eudlo
T»it cenraun ee«MNr. new vork cmr.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
' FIBROID TUMORS CURED. I
Mrs. Hayes' First Letter Appeal-
ing: to 3Jrs. Pinkham for Help :
44 Deab Musi Pinkham:— I have been
under Boston doctors' treatment for a
long time without" any relief. They
tell me I have a fibroid tumor. I can-
not sit down without great pain, and
the soreness extends up my spine, I
-have bearing-down pains ooth back
and front. My abdomen , is swollen,
. and I have had flowing spells for three
years. Sly appetite is not good. I can-
not walk . or be on my feet/for any
length of time.
" The cyrnptoms of Fibroid Tumor
given in* your little- book accurately
describe my case, so I write to you for
advice." — (Signed) Mns. E..F. Hates, .
252 Dudley St (Roxbury), Boston, Mubs.
Mrs. Hayes* Second Letter :
.¦ " Deab ; Mrs. Pinkham : .— '- Sometime
ago I wrote to you describing my symp-
toms and asked your ladvice.; You re-
plied, *. and I followed all your, direc-
tions carefully, and toniay I am a well
woman;'- ; v .¦:¦ .';. ' r r : .';;. .-'.' \ ' i .
? "Tho use of Lydia E. PInkham's
Vegetable ; Compound ' entirely ex-
pelled the tumor and strengthened iny
whole"By»tem."i : I can walk: miles now.',
li" Lydia i E; ] PInkham's Vege-
table ' Compound is worth' five dol-
lars a'drop.VjI adjj^eyall women who
are*- afflicted 'with tumors for . female,
trouble of any kind to give it a faithful
trial.? — (Signed) Mas. E. 5 P. ? Hatxs, ;
252 Dudley St. (Roxbnrv). Boston, Mass.
— $$000 for ft ft If original of abooe letters proving
genuineness cannot be produced ¦¦/''.
e ¦.'. ' • . ADVEBTISEMEIJTS. ' A . "
JSSf jw HBBl^iL
|ALa SPIRn^JlHi' v I
wk QT"D AT*fBTiTr^i a S
H y^/Wr/S i%J\x\JtLt X H n|
Em' IMOD£l#S f| H-/"lc ' STHE I SAN; ; FRANCISCO -CAL£, TUESDAY, APRIL 5, 1004.
12
CLAIRVOYANTS-— Continued.
THE FUTURE REVEALED.
THE PAST DISCLOSED,
THE PRESENT ANALYZED
BY LIVINGSTONE, -..
428 Eddy st.
.,:'-: PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarion's treatises that
Is so electrifying the world to-day. HE IS
NO IMITATOR. His work -Is upon original
lines: PURE THOUGHT. CLEAR VISION.
He TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE TO
KNOW, AND WORKS IN THE OPEN
LIGHT, AND IS AS CONSPICUOUS FOR
ITS WONDERFUL OCCULT ANALYSIS A»
IT IS. FOR ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS. -. '
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
• give you a full life reading for $1. A. test is of
.little value when the mind is troubled — you
need more substantial aid and advice. This is
Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE gives you
when you call on him for a first-class clair-
voyant reading. He asks you no questions,
' but tells you what you, wish to know.
He does not mention' all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to; You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you." find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy. : '
Remember the number — 428 EDDY ST.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 reading this week for
$1 $1 . $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
. PAUL DESTINE, .
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby .solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; 'I tell you if
husband, wife or lover is true or false; who
and when you will marry; how to gain the love
of the one you desire; "In fact," I will tell you
every, hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself: his advice Is reliable, his pow-
ers are wonderful and indisputable; he Im-
proves vour character so that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
visor, health, happiness and capacity to 'earn
wealth; the controlling -power Implanted in
ycur nature, so you can change the Intentions,
actions or babits of any one secretly; cures
disease -and lost vitality; gives advice on min-
ing and buried treasures; gives you success In
life; he guarantees you success or charges
nothlnc for his services.
10 a. in. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays, 2 to 6.
326 — O'Farrell street — 320.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23% 6th; 1. 25c, g. 50c.
MME. LOVONIA, clairvoyant, palmist— Read-
ings this week 25c. 468 Jessie St.. nr. Sixth.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
20JA Kearny, room 20; ladies, 25c; gents, 50c.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
readings dally: not open Sunday. 917 Market.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. la now at 317 EUls st.
MRS. SHAFER. clairvovant. card reader; sit-
tlngs daily. 448% Jessie st- bet. Bth and 6th.
E DUC ATION AL^
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
study in the entire West. New. complete.
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75- page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
925 Golden Gate ave.
A thorough experienced teacher will take prl-
vite pupils. Particular ! attention given to
. ladles and gentlemen whose education has
been neglected; and to nervous and backward
pupils. Public school pupils. received. MISS
.FENTON. 935 Sutter 6t. ' ¦ '
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; established 18 years; the school that
secures positions tor graduates; just added 23
. new typewriters ; catalogue free. '
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches; day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free^
LEARN SPANISH ln 2 months; classes ln
French and Spanish $5 a month.
B. F. AMES. Teacher of Languages, I
263 Golden Gate ave.. cor. Hyde st. .
A LARGER and better school than ever: enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. 8. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st. . . ' ' ¦ ¦
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances ?Wed.. Thurs., Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing, 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business Collets on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1382 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, writing, etc.: day eve. ; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mlnes&Electriclty, 24 Post
st., S. F.; a practical school of engineering:
complete equipment. . Special catalogue free.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California, r. 4.
BANJO, mandolin and -guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per. mo.:
mandolin club SI per mo. 828 Halght Ft.
KENT*" Law School always open; send for cir-
culars. 530 Parrott Building.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION — Day and
PARTINGTON'S, 424' Pine st.— Night das*.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT J5FFICES.
GE^R^^A?)Kl7^ri^rTt7rteir :^!h~135^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help, etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chinese help. 420 • Powell . st. .Tel. Main 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau,
504 Kearny st., room 3; phone Black 4458.
FRITZ'S Emn. Office: Japanese and Chinese
helo. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 1CS.
RELIABI?E Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
i flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S-
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
j Tel. Main 1097. BRADLEY & CO.., 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— KEJIALK.
CALL at 508 Mason st., or phone Black 1533.
First-class ladles' employment office."
WOMAN would like a situation in a small
private family; good, plain cook and is will-
ing; to help with children. 245 Natoma St.,
; between 3d and 4th. ' >-
STENOGRAPHER (just through college) wants
position-.' moderate salary to begin, if pros-
pects of ad\-anpement. Address . P., 615
Larkin st. ' y ; . , . ¦
A RESPECTABLE girl wants general house-
work and plain cookintr. Please call at 422
Tehama | st.', near Fifth.
DRESSMAKER wants work; $1 a shirt waist
: : up; dress skirts, $1 50 up; children's dresses,
$1 ,ud. 1022 Folsom st. ; :
A "GERMAN *lrl would like situation; second
• x^ork. wait; $25: references.' Phone Capp 536;
1714 Harrison st.. C. S. ; \
A YOUNG' Swedish girl wishes chamber work
or' work as second girl. Address 7% Eliza-
beth place, near Folsom st. •: ;
A VERY' good cook wishes a situation to go a
short distance ln country; an Eastern family
-preferred; good references. 748 Howard st.
YOUNG Swedish girl would like to do general
• housework ¦ and cooking; : wages " $25 .and up.
.. Call 2S6; Lexington ave., 7 near. Twentieth.
A WOMAN: would like washing and Ironing or
'cleaning to do by the day. , Inqulre*a.t 958
¦ Mission st. ".. :, ' " ¦¦- " - : '". : ¦•¦'
A SWEDISH girl .wishes situation to do gen-
¦¦¦: crar housework; country preferred.' Apply
,1112 York St.. near Twenty-third. - : ...
J GERMAN -woman 'wants 'work iby 1 the day;
J washing.lronlng.housework. 2654. Harrison st.
.YOUNG Danish girl wants situation to do gen-
g oral housework. - pall ati 67 j Clementina st. gjj
GIRL" wishes .; housework; wages $25. . Call 467
; Minna s>t.,\ near. Fifth. ; ;.; , :•.. ¦ v
A GOOD i obliging .woman wishes a | situation ; to
1 do generaj housework: city; or .: short distance
:. ln •:: country ;i Is , a good: cook; ' carfare. : Ad-
;-'¦'. dress 270 Jessie st..- -;:¦'<,- •
WORKING housekeeper .'wishes .position : In
* 'hotel; city or country;; references. Box 1189
;,' Call . of flee. • w \ , ..^. ;;> ; . '
COMPETENT, "-reliable;. young woman wishes
• housework; •• city, 7 . or .'country; . wages no ob-
:ject.-,Box;1156, Call office. >.¦;• i ;; .
A WOMAN would like half a day's work to as-
, slst. Address J.. Z.. .7. Baldwin court, off
¦ Folsom »t.," near First ' '¦ v.
FLATS TO FCRNIS HEP.
FINE flat; furnished complete; _« rooms: gar-
den; for « months from the 5th of May to
responsible people only: near Golden Oat#
ave and FUImore st. Box 4234.J^ll_offlce 1
WASHINGTON. 2S33— Beautifully furnished
sunny flat. 7 rooms: piano; garden.
FLATS FOR SALE— FURNISHED.
A SNAP; $165-^3 roomTflat completely fur-
nished; cheap rent. Call all day. 123 Leaven-
worth st. . #
NEW furniture of B-room sunny modern flat:
everything complete; must sell at once; a
bargain. 3270 Twentieth st.. near Folsom.
FOR ?>ale or exchange— Flat. 7 rooms and bath.
$275: rent $20. 1388 Valencia st. -^
FTJRNITPRE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, store* and
household good, of every description: flats
bought. Mission Auc.Hous*.42P-4;K» Valencia.
FURNITURE WANTED.
"~ ABE "LEVY. „
Salesroom. 1135 Market »t. Tel. Jessie .61.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
A. L, STORRS pay-, highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc. ; tel. Larkin 3631. 634 EUla.
A WOLLPERT 773 Mission, phone Red 44«2.
'buys, rents. -repairs, packs fnrnlture. carpets.
B T SCHELL 2412 Mission; tel. Church 5270,
pays beat price* for farniture. carpets, etc.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and_ mdse- I^H.
BURP. »nctloneer.lS18 Mkt. ;tel.Howard 2730.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
COOK, small sanitarium. iiA"f5?
4 cooks, city and country •»30-*J.»
Parlor maid. San Mateo »i*J*
Second girl. Oakland ;«A*i«
4 second girls, city !Hx,;t
Cook Redwood City ' 2<> "!H
Cook 10 people, country *>"
German nurs« girl, grown children $-»
, 2 waitresses, city hotel •;£>
•3 chambermaids and waitresses, country.*-^
Laundress for orphanage »3O
Second girl and nurse for old lady »-.»
. Woman with a child. San Rafael. $25
Cook for Frultvale *«>
Housekeeper, 3 men »~»
Ironer. hospital ...»..• •«»
DIneroom girl. Institute • $29
55 general housework girls, city and country
$20 $23. $20
Apply to J. F. CROSETT A CO.. &4 Sattac.
WANTED — Cook and second girl, country. $25
and $20; cook, San Rafael. $30; second girl.
Burlingame $25; waitress and parlor maid.
$25 each; five good second girls. $25 and $20;
ten good housework girls. $20. $25. $30. MIS3
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
! A FRENCH or German nurse. $25; two second
girls. Napa, $30 and $25: chambermaid. $25;
cook $3C; cook and second girl. San Mateo.
$30 "and ?20; sir houseglrls, $30. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Setter st.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn hatrdresstng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
eitions to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up; leading school la
West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son: both seasons taught from start to finish
ln 1 month for $15: positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A — LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslny
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Jones, room 94: positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
WANTED — Young girls of good family as ap-
prentices to learn the business. Apply I.
MAGNIN £ CO.. 43-53 Ellis St.. at 8:3O
a. m.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman fcr housework,
ln country; wages $15; pleasant, permanent
home to right party. Address box 1194, Call.
WANTED — Girls who are experienced packers.
Apply at 8:30 a. m.. 43-53 Ellis St. I. MAG-
NIN & CO.
AN experienced hairdresser and manicurist
wanted ln women's department. Apply su-
perintendent's office. The Emporium.
PYROGRAPHIC artist wanted; a good position
for the right person. Apply superintendent's
office. The Emporium.
CALL at 503 Mason st.. or phone Black 1533?
First-class ladies' employment office.
EXPERIENCED maker and apprentices want-
ed In millinery store. 602 McAllister »t.
TEACHERS without positions can make mon-
ey ln o;her lines. Call Wed.. 1955 Market.
YOUNG 'girl for general housework; no wash-
lng; family of 2. Apply morning. 1032 Ellis.
WANTED — Young girl to do general house-
work; wages $16. Apply 1709 Gough st.
WANTED — Girl for second work and waiting.
1307 Hyde st. . - -
FIRST-CLASS talloress 'wanted on custom
coats. 610 Montgomery st., room 39.
EXPERIENCED saleslady and flrs*-clas»
trimmer. 72 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants. 822
Clay at., room ISA. - -
GERMAN girl for Berkeley: 4 adults: cooking
and general housework. Call Tuesday morn-
ing 2721 Clay et. *^
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
BUSINESS house desires competent ¦ assistance
of mature, woman; local. Box 1168 Call.
WANTED — A No. 1' dressmaker,' cutter and Ut-
ter. Box 4224, Call office.
APPRENTICE on pants. 150 New Montgomery
St.. - room 16 . . i
GIRL for general housework and cooking. Ap-
ply 163S Buchanan st.. bet. 9 and 12.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions recerf^d at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for th« raceptloa
of advertisements and subscriptions has be«a
opened at 1008 Market it., oppoalt* Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP. ¦WANTED— MALE.
2 CAR builders. $3 day; experienced nurw $35
and found; butter-maker. $40 and found.
and- milker, same place. $30 and found. se«
boss here this morning; fanner and wife, $45
and found; choreman and wife . for resort,
see boss here. $50 and found: laundry man for
resort; farmers, milkers, $30 and $35 and
found; restaurant cook. $14 to $1S week-
cook, $70 month ; hotel cook, country. $50
and found: bell boys, elevator boys; vegeta-
ble man. $7 week; old watchman and por-
ter,- $15 and found, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT b. CO.. 628 Sacramento «t.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
95 THIRD ST. Telephone Mala 5321.
NEVADA— NEVADA.
NEVADA— NEVADA.
20 teamsters ;. $2 25
10 laborers |2
Fare refunded Work 40 days
Work 40 days Fare refunded
Special Order ..Special Order
V HORD & SMITH.
ASDRE'S Office. 317 Stockton st.— Coachman
for' country. $40; second butler. $50; farm
hand, institution, $30; gardener. $33; head
waiter for resort. $60: stableman, country.
$30; assistant waiter, $7 a week.
A— . ' L ~U
Men to learn the barber trade ln two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. C35 Clay st.
WANTED— Office boy In wholesale house;
hours '7' to tt; give age and wages wanted
HOOKER & CO.. 16 Drumm st. .
CASH "boys; must have references from local
business house*. Apply office SHREVE &.
CO., Crocker building.
ENGRAVERS; only first-class need apply-
bring references. SHREVE & CO.. factory
corner Market and Fremont sts.
WANTED — Errand boy; good ." wages! 641%
. Stevenson st. - ;
GOOD Jailor wanted for bushellng. 827 Sutter
st., near . Leavenworth. v .
STOUT young men for steam whaling- no ex-
perience required. HERMAN'S. 27 Steuart.
THREE-chalr barber shop; cheap; good loca-
tion; must sell; have other. business. 211 6th.
PORTER wanted for barber shop." 204 Battery
" street. ¦
WANTED— Jewelers at 17 Lick place. Lick,
House. . .... '
WANTED— Good barber. 704 Polk st.
STEADY*.- trustworthy man as" partner ln well
paying tash business; $223.- 310 Folsom st.
BARBER wanted; steady job~to right~manT904
Bryant st. • .•-••.-
1 ?^ evenings,. Saturdays • and Sundays;
— i. _L w J! nty l fourth " t " corner Shotwell. *
WANTED— First-class""; blacksmith. ~ Tw en ty-
thlrd and Bartlett sts.
BARBER ¦ wanted — Good workman; steady
1 ftla.ee. 2C03 Flllmore at., torner Pin*,
-LonreiNfi- itmr- k « ¦ ¦ rou ¦hale — con.
MARION GRIFFIX.
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front offices.
Phone Black 3U07, or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date.: title abstract free with every sale.
CLEAN; 10 rooms; S furnished;, rent $40; in-
come $70; price $3C0; sunny side of street;
near Van Ness ave. .
; -'¦'- -¦•-¦¦-¦¦; --.,-. See MARION GRIFFIN.
ULTRA fashionable private boarding-house ; 20
rooms;- most expensively « furnished; large
grounds; clears $154 monthly.
'- ¦'¦:-'¦ ¦.-¦¦ See MARION GRIFFIN. .
ONLY $60 rent f 20 rooms for $1200; 1-3 down
and little monthly Installments; rent $M).
-/¦ MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406, Examiner bid.
TWO 40-rocm houses one north, one -south;
each clears Sim per month; offer wanted.
• Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW and modern house of 50 rooms; S-year
lease; electric elevator; not and cold
water; brass beds; line carpets; oak
{ furniture: high-class business.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
LANDLADY, you would only care for the
wide, sunny halls in this 39-room
• house; all 3-room suites, newly fur-
nished;, price onlv $1500. It's a bar-
gain. gee MARION GRIFFIN.
ASK MARION GRIFFIN
For "permit to Inspect" the ' 53-room house,
reduced to $4000; newly painted; well fur-
nished; 27. bay-windows; 5-year lease; quiet;
respectable; terms half cash; clears exactly
$liG monthly.
HOTEL FOR ARISTOCRATIC FAMILIES;
v fy well - established; richly fur-
nished; splendid corner; over 100 rooms; ab-
solutely clears $C00O yearly; see my only
agent :
MARION GRtFFlN, r. -106. Examiner bid.
TRANSIENT houses for sale by M. GRIFFIN.
8 r. ; new fur.; rent $30; 100 down; $400. I
&i v.\ ; .1 block n. of Market; owner elck;
make offer. ¦ , \
24 r. ; 1 block s. of Market; easy terms.
« r. ; central; 5-year lease; clears $300 mo.
.1 r.; very richly furnished; a mint. ' •
14 r.; near Union Square; a fine house.
NOW 13 YOUR OPPORTUNITY
(It you profit by It at once) to purchase the
finest 1W) - room apartment - house in San
Francisco; .the price Is nominal for such a
house; exceptionally well located; beautifully
rurnlshed throughout: long lease at $5 per
room; the very b-st bargain, which we shall
prove to you If you will Investigate.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner bid.
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Phone Black C901. 777 M, Market street.
Bank references. •
Any house sold on easy terms.
Buyers' guide; bring this ad with you. ,
Some of our special bargains.
READ carefully.
Special — If you want to make big money and
are not averse to running a transient house
with liquor license, then Investigate this at
once; It will pay you; we have for sale 60-
room transient house, liquor license (old es-
tablished), 2 entrances, swell loc. ; heavy oak
furniture and hair mattresses. Call at once,
eee it and make offer to my exclusive agents
CAL. INVESTMENT CO.. 777^ Market st.
APARTMENT house 40 rooms; new and beau-
tifully furnished; lease; low rent; price $4000,
half cash; don't wait; It will go. CALIFOR-
NIA INVESTMENT CO., 777^ Market st.
APARTMENT house, 110 rooms, new and ex-
quisitely furnished; grand spacious halls,
moet select patronage; terms y, cash, bal-
ance 6 per cent interest: this will please the
' most fastidious. I Particulars with CALI-
FORNIA INVESTMENT CO.. 777% Market.
EXCHANGE — 55-room transient house, old es-
tablished; It's get the money; value $4500;
will tradeamaller house. CAL. INVEST CO.
80 ROOMS~"on 1 floor, nicely furnished, newly
painted; clears $125: nice loc.; rent $110;
price $1600. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
APARTMENT house 40 rooms; grandest of Its
size ln city; wide, beautiful halls, marble
entrance; exquisitely flnishedl; price $5500.
Exclusively with CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — Lodging-house. of about 25 rooms,
well furnished. Box 4248. Call office.
C ARFET B E^ T^g^^g^J C r i L E AMI^O
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 355-367 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St., clean-
Ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN. Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison St.; Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission 225.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Goldrn Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating; mat-
tresses madia over. 1432 Howard;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.:
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH S CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 263.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COR. Dolores an& Cumberland, near* ' 20th —
Call for demonstration Tel. Jessie 3606.-
CUBES BTTPTTJBE.
WHO?— Hunter, 1206 Market st.; $100: rupture
cure for $10: circular explains; send for one.
DENTISTS.
DR. GRUSS, 516 Callaghan bldg.. Market and
McAllister sts., uses the • Basford obtunder;
the only device ever Invented for grinding,
Grilling and excavating teeth without pain.
Call for demonstration. Tel. Jessie 3(30ti.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per fcet; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone — cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs; crown. $3 50; fillings, 50c;
plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns, $2 up; fllllngs,25c
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentlst,r.l4.1st
floor. Phclan bid.. 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth with-
out plates specialty. .1841 Polk st.
GOLD fillings 75c: silver, 35c: crowns. $2: no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
DUE S $ 31 A KE RS A X D S E AMSTRE S S E S
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plaltlng; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor: tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to measure: eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
SI'IIUTUALI.SM.
Mrs. Dr. Martin, wonderful spiritual healer and
business medium ; readings daily. $1 ; develop-
class Thurs.8 p.m. 1O00B Golden Cate ave.
MME. 1'OUNG'S genuine spirit messages to-
night, 10c. 619 McAllister; come, skeptics.
MME. LUCRETIA, spirit medium; circles
every evening; hours 10. to 6. 148 Cth, r. 1.
W. G.' KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat. 10c; sit., 10 to 5. 14S Sixth st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings daily.
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday. ¦¦¦¦
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted 'clairvoyant and
tlate-wrtter. 1112 Kddy ft. Phone Scott S.S7,
CLAIK V OYAJi ' rs ' "~^
ISMAR, ' the Egyptian ¦ gypsy,'- clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently locate.* at ;il04 Market
st.,: cor. Turk: private readings dally, 10 a."
.m. to 5 p. m. ; readings by mail as Eatlsfac-
' tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1 ;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year,
of birth; don't send currency; send poetofflce,
wells-Fargo money; order or registered letter. 1
A— Miss > M. Wille; 400 Geary, clairvoyant,* crys- ,
: tal seer and life reader,. will tell you exactly
, what you called for.wlthout asking; a ques-
~:tion; names given; special, $1; hours ' 10 ' to ' 8.1
A— MME/ BERNARD reads your life correctly;
advice given on 1 all -affairs 1 of life;; satisfac-
tlon guaranteed;,25c^up.Ml7 3d.; next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR/*; young gifted plalr. and palm.;
has ; second -> sight : j a.* wonderful 2 ; prophetess ;
- names; 1. 50c.»g: $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
MME.RAVENNA,- formerly 5 4th st.,'reads life;
business' advice; names given; readings 50c > 1
week. Offices 835 Howard,' bet., 4th, and 6th.
Mrs. A. H. Kmnenberg.palmlst, clairvoyant, card
reader;whem others fall try me; good readings
,10c. »21 Franklln.nr.Q.Q.ave. Tel.Larkln 4207.1
MISS WARD f. gives* names, >\ dates and ' facts ;
readings dally; 'nof open Sunday." 017, Market.-
MME.' WALTERS.' great card : reader; laTHzJicV
Sents^Oc- 951 Mission sU nr. 6th; open Sun. ,
nUSINESS CHANCES Continued.
A $2000 DRUSTOR12 close to Call building;
«-ttab. IS years; well paying; value ln stock;
*a verv rare chance lor pood druggist. See
U. G. WILKE. 2GVi Kearny Ft.
A— $0000 — CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg;
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this is one of
the best saloon locations ln this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $M)0— ROADHOUSE. with dance hall, club
and living rooms.; rent $40; electric light Jn-
cluded; 5 years' lease. Call Rt'G. WILKE.
2tiMt Kearny st.
A — $1000; SALOON and liquor Etore on Sixth
rt.; rent $50; bueinecs O K, but owner i» en-
gaged In other business; must sell at once.
R. G. WILKE. 20 fc Kearny st.
A — $4500; COFFEE, tea and crockery store; one
of the leading batlnesfcea ot this kind and in
chcicert location in this city; rent $65; all
cash trade: stock will invoice $4000; a very
I rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26J4
Kearny et.
A— $l-t < 0 — COIiNKR cigar Etand on Kearny;
rent $&5; lea*e; a guod business; come, and
Investigate. R. G. WILKE. 20& Kearny 6t.
Al BLOCK of land. 300x300. ln San Lcandro
with bouse of 4 rooms; income $100 per
year trora fruit: will exchar.ee ' for dairy
ranch. Call R. G. WILKE. 2tttt Kearny Et.
A— $20(0 — SALOON In wholesale district; rent
$t>0; place established many years and good
paying. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st.
A — $4«x* — CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin
tt.. doing a tine cash buslneea; value In
eight; troth ctock; no better location ln this
city. See R. G. WILKE. 2*>Va Kearny st.
A— $20C0 — COFFEE Ealoon and restaurant on
waterfront, close f Market st. ; place estab-
lished year* snd well paying; daily receipts
about $00. Call R. G. WILKE. 2UVa Kearny.
A— $1100— SaLOON. with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bush Ets; rent $75; lease; place
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest Fiork of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. «C^ Kearny st.
A— $1100— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
etore; rent $40; dally receipts $45; plac*
clearing about $175 per month. R. G.
WILKE. 2ti^4 Kettrny st.
A— $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar on
O'Farrell St.; place ke'pt by present owners
S years and doing a good paying cash busl-
ne*fe; fresh stock; value ln sight. R. G.
WILKE. 20H Kearny tt.
A— $C50- CORNER bakery, with 4 living
room; 1 : about 2 blocks north ot Market et. ;
will be sacrificed if sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call H. G. WILKE. 26'.$ Kcarny.
A— $UU'O— COliNER ealoon with 0 years' lease;
close to Flood building; this Is the choicest
location in this city and a first-class paying
bufir.csc. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny kt.
A — $750^ — CANDY btore and ice cream parlors,
with stationery, etc.. on Devisadero St.; 3
living rooms: a splendid location and good
business. See R. G. WILKE. itf 1 -* Kearny.
A — $3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
ct.; rent $40. lease; 3 hones, 6 wagons; busi-
ness esiab. years; investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26K Kearny st.
A — S1C50: COR. saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50: lease; a first-class paying place in
choicest location; $150 per month clear guar-
anteed. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny St.
A— $l:M) ; COFFEE saloon and bakery in
choicest location; rent $S0; dally receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kcarny st.
A— $850; CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts. ; rent {75; a splendid
location and rare business chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st.
I HAVE many calls for business places In this
city and across the bay; also for* country
places, chicken ranches, and ln fact ranches
of all kinds. Any one that would like to dis-
pose of his property will profit by listing
with H. DOYLE, 1023 Market St.. 8. F.
A — OYSTER nnd chophouse: 14 tables; private
rooms, connected on second floor; elegant bar-
Cain: «paylng business; must be sold; good
locality: established 20 years. H. DOYLE,
1023 Market St.. above Sixth.
T. J. DUNN & c67.
Business Sales Agents.
We have Just opened our new office at room
203. second floor Callaghan building. 1312 Mar-
ket st.. where we would be pleased to list your
place for sale. Having Just started in th« busi-
ness we have no list and can therefore give
your place undix-ided attention.
GRASP this opportunity: livery and boarding
stable doing a flourishing business ; clearing
$400 monthly; will bear Investigation; first-
class location. HIKKLEY. 1020 Market st.
FOR sale — Grocery, bar and fruit etand; one
of- the best in the city: Eales over $70 per
day guaranteed : will cell reasonable: good
reason for retiring. For particulars apply
to Box 1076. Call office.
$10,000 INTEREST ln flour mill; Investment
safe and secure; located In best wheat sec-
tion; responsible position open with invest-
ment. Address box 1193, Call office.
* ' . i
I WILL Invest $500 to $2000 In any paying,
legitimate business that will bear close In-
vestigation: no agents. Box 1203, Call office.
DELICACY and restaurant for sale, cheap, on
acco.int of departure; a good opportunity.
Apply after 9 o'clock 411 Turk st.
$250 — BRANCH bakery and- restaurant; rent
$25: water free. 414 Jones st.
SALOON wanted for $350. Address, upstairs,
8 Hermann st.
PATENT article: principal feature great ad-
vertising medium; will. exchange 50.000 with
right to California for unimproved land; this
Is a snap: owner going to Europe. P. O. box
162. Oakland.
GOOD hotel in northern part of California to
lease for a term of years; everything in good
running order. Address for particulars, box
4110. Call office. , .
DAIRY in northern part of State for Fale;
everything complete and has a good trade;
will allow 15 days' trial for full Investiga-
tion. Particulars box 4144. Call office.
I WILL sell my half Interest In a well es-
tablished dyeing and cleaning works, as
other business call* me away. Address for
particulars, box 4069. Call office.
WANTED — A partner with about $2000 in a
manufacturing concern; an article that has
a good demand on the market. Address box
40S1. Call office.
HAY and grain business for sale: well estab-
lishfd; good trade; will sell reasonable; a
good opening for a live man: don't expect
anything for good will. Box 4219. Call.
AN old established delicacy store on a busi-
ness street and near Market: a splendid trade
and clearlnr $175 per month over expenses.
Box 4209. Call office.
FOR SALE — General merchandise store In
California mining town; a good locality; a
good stock and the best trade of the town.
Address box 4059. Call office.
MUST be sold at once; a first-class parlor and
sporting house; 10 rooms and dance hall;
owner going East. Address box 1105, Call
office, San Francisco.
FOR sale — Cigar-store, with clubrooms; cen-
trally located en K St., Sacramento; estab-
lished ten years. Address O. K., box 1S2,
, Sacramento.
SALOON and cigar stand, laundry office; two
years' lease: good location; reference. Call
41S Sacramento st.
A GOOD shoe repairing ehop. with living
rooms, for sale, cheap. Apply>_651 Sacra-
mento Et.
LOOK— Rent only $6; fruit and vegetable
store; furnished living rooms; $150 to-day;
other business. 90 Harriet st. •
MANUFACTURING business would like to
enlarge, therefore will take a good working
partner with some cash. Box 4231. Call.
CIGAR stand on Montgomery st. for sale; close
to Market et.: a good business stand; must
sell. Box 4067. Call office.
WANTED — A delicacy store with an estab-
lished trade: will pay cask. Address box
4057. Call office. "
BRANCH bakery, stationery and notion store,
with 3 furnished rooms: will sell with or
without furniture. 4102 19th St., nr. Castro.
DELICATESSEN store — 3 living rooms: sac-
rifice' If sold at once; leaving city. > Box 1016,
Call office.
A GOOD paying livery stable; investigation In-
vited. Inquire Land graft's Villa, Mill Val-
ley, Marln County. Cal.
RESTAURANT and delicatessen store, 3 llv-
ing rooms; yard; rent $20: lease; clears $150;
cheap If 60l«l by April 15. 2831 Mission st.
ANTIQUARIAN Bookstore. 647 Washington;
entire stock for sale, as a whole or In part,
af a. sacrifice; premises be vacated at once.
FIRST-CLASS shc-emakjng and repairing shop
for sale; in good location; close to two
car-houses. 6 Twenty-ninth st.. near Mission.
A PROSPEROUS dreeamaking business for
tale ln Starr King building; reasons. 111
health. Address 'box 11C5. Call office.
HALF Interest old established real estate office
in Berkeley. P. Q. box 102. Oakland.
$575— SALOON. 4th et. location: nice fixtures
and stock. BROOKBANK. 917 Market st.
SHOE store for sale. 44 Sixth st. ,'
JOHN D. SPE.ECKEI1S, Proprietor.
'itimi ccEMm^lolMffi'Kci ah&HT. Msnagr
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
"telephone^
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You vVUn.
rubheatton Office Market »nd Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers 20 C>s. Per WeeK 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 <>««¦.
Term* by Mail. Including Postage (Cash vwtn
Order) : „ _-
DAILY CALL <!nolud. Sunday). 1 year. . •*»¦"'
DAILY CALL Unclud. Sunday). « m« \.Y~
DAILY CALL— By Siftgle Month ';»«
H'NDAY CALL 1 Year fjjr
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Yf ar. •••-••••¦ • • • • • f_V"
r Dailv $S !<0 Per Year Extra
FOREIGN J Hundav 4.15 P« Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ weekly! 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded »ben re-
quested. .
Mall •ubscrlbers in ordering change <«."«'-
£res S should be particular to give -both new
AND OLD ADDRESS ln order to a
prompt and correct compliance with tneir re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main 10W
BERKELEY OFFICE:
514« Center Street Telephone >orto 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
EAVUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Wsldcrt-Aetorta Hotel; A. Brentano. SI-
Union Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Flftb-aT«-
nue Hotel and Hoffman Hous«.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House: P. O. News Co.; Gre»t
Northern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel/ PaJtnrr House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS-.Marquette Building
fLong Distance Telephone, "Central 2619.' >
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
6TEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT :
C. C. CARLTON Herald Squar*
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock everj- night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
JOOS Market Btreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m
C27 Montgomery etreet. corner Clay: open
act!) 9:30 p m.
800 Hayes street: open until 9:30 p. m.
fZ9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
«1S Larkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
t2« Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
JOfl Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
3036 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Flllmore gtreet: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter. No. 5. R. A. M., O
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) . EVEN- Nf\f
ING. April 5, at 7:30 o'clock. Stated />r\
meeting and R. A. degree. By order
of The H. P. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Sec.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge. No. 30. F. & A. «
M. — Stated meeting THIS <TTES- *VVf
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. />r>
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge. No. 144. F. & A. *
M.— Stated meeting THIS tTUES-^V
DAY) EVENING, at S o'clock.
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society — Regu-v^CS^..
!sr meeting WEDNESDAY EVEN- a^Sr»5
1XG. April «¦<. l»04. at its hall. 413 r§lj§?
Sutter »t., at S o'clock «harp. Each •**¦***
and tmrj member Is directed to be present
to vote upon the dissolution of the society
and other very important business. Fines
for non-attendance will be strictly Imposed.
By order .if
J. W. ETANEART. President.
DEWITT W. TOLL. Secretary.
JCOTICE cf stockholders' meeting of the United
Crude OU Company (a corporation) — A stock-
holders' meeting will be held at the com-
pany's office, room 418 Parrott building, Saa
Francisco. Cal.. on WEDNESDAY. April 13.
19O4, et 12 o'clock noon, for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
eneulng year and for the transaction of such '
other bus'sese as may be properly Drought
before the above meeting.
L. WOODBURY Secretary.
A WFEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IB i>«rf>. In wrnpr>er. for mailing. <1 per year.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided improvement on building and loan
Is worth bavin*. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott buildlnc.
awake agents, ladies or gentlemen ;
good commission. Starr King bldg., r. 227.
LOCK— Agents $400o $80 per mo; expenses or
comrp.; no catch; sure thing. Box 1073 Call.
HAVING recently- acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarships in the best
College of Advertising ln the United States.
1 will m-11 them at 25 per cent discount for
carhr the oolleee teaches advertising writ-
ing by correspondence and assists its grad-
uates to eecure positions; catalogues fur-
nlthc-d on appilr.ttU-n. Addresg box 3026. Call.
ATTO RNE YS- AT-LA W.
A PRIVATE quick divorce for a email fee. m
6** tzt and rav« money; no pay in advance.
Q. W. HOWE, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
Ettabllshed 22 yrm.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market ct.. between Mason and Taylcr.
Ac vice free all matter*. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Daw. Exam. bldg..
6th flocr, entrance room Cll; established 20
yean; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee in advance or for consultation;
evenings by appointment. Tel. Red. 30ei.
DIVORCE $12; quick; quiet; advice free. Law
¦nd Collection office. 1023 Market st room
2, bet. 6th and 7th; office hours 11 to 4:00.
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity; advice
free; costs $12. Address B.A.S., P.O.box 2199.
DIVORCE— Cotts. $12; quick, quiet: advft*
free; open evenings. 927 Market st.. rm. SOL
U S. CLARK. 827 Market st.: consultation
fre*: no fe«w In advance: open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
WANT automobile (Cadillac or Ford preferred)
for good renting property. \V.. 1302 Web«ter
rt., Oakland.
WILL pay a reasonable price for a second-
hand automobile: must be in first-class run-
nine order. Address box 4049. Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A, CAMERON & CO Phone South ~1050
3 Eddy et., cor. Market and Powell
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
Cmndy and Icecream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber shops .$500 to J2500
Ol«tr «ui(li $350 to t2o00
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
H*'**"" $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $6000
Delicatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
coctor; fine location for drug store; good flx-
turee. counters and showcase; rent only $C0-
business already established; with C rooms
?h JSf ln "i* r: « le *antly furnished
throughout; everything complete for house-
cSg&OX 1 PrtCC * 1S °°-
FOM eale or trade— Quartx mines; fine prospect-
located in Cal; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg-house or business^ Cameron, 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located eumroer resort- fine
groves; Sts-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay. vegetable*; all
kinds fruit; rent $500 per year- equity In
this J25O0; death in family cause of sale
CAMERON & CO. We -
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants in city-
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day; will
bear invefttlgatlon; price $1500. CAMERON
* CO., 3 Eddy «t.
KOR ml*— Ladles' furnishinr and fancy goods
business; cheap rent: well located; estab-
'¦AMEnOxTcO 11 " « nv °»e* *SW0; eickness.
FOR •»!•— Half inter«>t In good paying, swell
•little restaurant ; obliged to leave city; a
•nap at $275. CAMERON & CO.
CHANCES — -Continued.
$700 — CANDY and Icecream parlor: money
maker; rent $18; everything complete; fine
locality: grar.cl opportunity. Particulars
1007U, Market st., room 1. •
CIGAR stand; Kearny st.; doing a fine busl-
nesp; cheap If sold at once; account old age.
Inquire 1CO7'4 Market St., room 1. - i
$300 BUYS half interest in established office
and commission business clearing to each
$125 monthly; experience not required; must
gH-ereferc-nces; bona-flde offer. Particulars
at 1007'-i Market Et., room 1. ¦-.'."
$400 — A GOOD paying stationery and notion
business; must be sojd at once. Call Branch,
C39 McAllister st.
CIGAR store and .billiard hall for sale cheap.
155 Seventh st. .
WANTED — A grocery and bar; state location,
etc. Box 4022. Call office.
FOR sale — Oakland planing mill; good loca-
tion. 752 Franklin St., Oakland.
FOR sale-j-The Perfume Palace. 775 Market st.
FOR *ale — Half interest In wood, coal, hay
and grain business: bargain. Box 4212, Call.
CITY real estate worth $2000 to exchange for
paying business. Box 1137. Call office. . • ;
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
10 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing, $1 per year.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
He?.dquarters for Roomlng-Houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year, contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing "$4C0 to 5000 per month; obliged to leave
city.
11 rooms: rent $40; close ln; oak. cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
46 rooms; rent only $05; well located hotel
south of Market: fine bar; well stocked; brick
building; electric lights; everything good con-
dition; naxt cash, balance time; price $2500;
will exchanse this with good real estate for
large downtown house.
40 rooms;- elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahogany furniture; 60 boarders;
clearing ?250 r>er month; close ln; fine buy;
price $t : 000.
11 rooms; Ellis st.; close In; oak furniture;
moquet carpets; part cash, balance time, price
$650.
108 rooms; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished; un-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; cr.n be run ln coniunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of house; other business Inter-
er.ts demaiid immediate departure.
12C rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all tn?n; electric elevator,
lights; long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle arartment-house; reduced to $1100.
20 rcoms; cheap rent; close ln; thoroughly
respectable; all mil; clears $100; part cash.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close in; fine money-maker.
1C2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house ln San Francisco: beautiful, mod-
ern buildlnz; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance S per cent per year.
IS rooms: rent $85; well furnished; all new;
$600 down, balance 1H per cent; fine buy; only
$1250.
25 rooms; rent only $60; north Market; all
full; clears $100 per month; price $1800; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
106 rooms; new; most elegantly appointed
family hotel in city; all full and clearing $400
to S600 i>er month; books open for inspection;
obliged to leave city.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture: good
carpets; Blcknees; price $350.
190 rooms: new and elerantly appointed
apartment-house; swell location; long lease;
cheap rent; part cash, balance made out of
house without interest.
10 rooms- EUls; newly furnished; rent $40;
apartments; $200 down, balance $20 per month,
no Interest; must be sold on account other
business; price $72S.
20 rooms; well located; north Market; cheap
rent; Income $70, leaves two rooms landlady;
snap; $3C0.
75 rooms; new, modern building; elegant fur-
nishings; cheap rent; close In; will clear $400
per month; $5000 down, balance can be paid
out of house; eee this.
9 rooms: sunny flat; rent $50; oak, mahog.
fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash difference.
8 rooms: fine upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
18 rooms: rent $85; north Market: close In;
good money maker; reduced from $1600 to $1100.
23 rooms; well furnished; first-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks off Market; 6-year lease;
clearing over $100; good buy for some one.
31 rooms ; rent $110; all light rooms; clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap; only $800
to get !n; must leave city at once; price $1300.
- 128 rooms; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-
clars up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
nishf-d; clearing $500 to $000 per month; must
sell on account of other business; only with us.
50 rooms; elegantly furnished; fine location:
closp ln; new and modern throughout; full and
clearing. $250 to $350 per month; must be sold
to settle an C3tate; only face of mortgage now
on It asked; chance of a lifetime.
J)0 room*; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; high-class location ; beautiful
halls; everything modern; first-class grill In
connection; best proposition In city; called East.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
good lease.
17 rooms; rent only $70; oak furniture; Ax-
minster carpets; fine location; clears $S0; fine
buy. \ ,
29 rooms; central; cheap rent; well fur.; some
housekeeping; full; will take flat ln exchange.
126 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes ln *30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
21 rooms; corner: rent only $85; oak fur.;
good carpets : housekeeping; all 'full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price $1(JCO.
50 rooms; new; modern apartment-house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition. ; -
MITCHELL & CO..... .Phone Jessie 2081
1206. Market St.. opposite. Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two- floor house; rent
$40: sell or exchange; price $650.
65 rms.: downtown house; steady; transient;
clearing $350 monthly; handsomely furnished.
20 rms.; choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well-appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must sell; make offer. ,
MITCHELL A CO., 1206 Market st.
100 ROOMS; cunny* corner;' rent $125. ...$4500
112 rooms; cleam $350; low rent. ...... .$4500
80 rooms; -furniture nearly new. .........$3800
15 rooms; fine location, north ot Market. $000
,46 rooms; in Oakland; new; rent $60. ..$2500
12 rooms; % cash; cheap rent ..'....$600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEJ.1 &
CARROLL, 212 Kearny st. ,
SPECIAL— $600; 28 furnished rooms, all full,
ln the finest location ln Point Richmond. Ap-
ply to J. MURRAY, box 66, Point Richmond.'
$C00 — FURNISHED house; 9 large rooms; front
parlor and front upstairs pay the rent; Sut-
ter and Jones «ts. Call J. STRAUB, 630
Market st. T 1 ' ,
A SNAP — Light housekeeping; 14 rooms; ln-
ves,tigate. 849 Mission st. . ¦ --
A WEEK'S newB for 6 cents^-The Weekly Call
, 16 pageg. ln wrapper." for mailing. $1 per year,
oryicnes.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; -collections made;
city or country.. Pacific .Collection Co. • 41*
Montgomery mnrrp 0-10: tel Main A580. "¦"'
' CREDIT CIiOxM I i;;K3. ' .
C F. ADAMS . CXXp "'-' ; '„;',-' -v - ;."-'
.SPECIAL CREDIT^ STORE.
We clothe . the whole .; family from hats to
shoes;* everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason st. - < v-^
CEOTHCTq asyovATnrd.
SUITS cleaned and ' pressed, $1 ; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Marche,;. 40 : Ellis st.'. . room 14 ;
Uhone Drumm '44. ' Call for and deliver free.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— FEMAJjE^
WOMAN — Situation, housework or ranch cook.
1100 Powell it. ¦¦¦ ¦ .- ¦ '. ¦¦
YOUNG lady wishes to assist ln manicure par-"
lors. . Box 1185, Call office.
HOTEL housekeeper desires position In - first-
class hotel or summer resort; 3 years. ln last
place; best references. Call • or address P.
E. C. 1406 Hyde st. • • . ;
YOUNG lady wants position to' work In mll-
¦ Unery store; has J had 15 years' experience.
Address Box 1052. Call office.
EXPERIENCED Spanish and English ste-
nographer: takes Spanish and English dicta-
tion; references. Box 1093. Call office.
LADY wants position as shirtwaist designer or
forelady In shirtwaist or skirt department;
, beet references f urnlshed. Box 1166, Call.
COLORED Eastern woman wishes situation In
private family , as plain cook. Phone Red
4135. . " - - ' ' V
STRONG yountr .woman wishes to do any kind
of washing at her home. Address MRS. L.,
812B Jessie St.. -rear. .'. '
.YOUNG lady; experienced with
knowledge of bookkeeping, desires a position
as office assistant. Box 4188. Call office.
REFINED woman wishes work aa dishwasher.
Address box 1127. Call office. ¦_¦__
LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Fell 1041.
EXPERIENCED confinement nurse wishes en-
gagementB. 953 Folsom st. room 2.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subscriptions taken for The |
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister st.
WANTED— -MALB. _
WANTED— Position by young married man
(from Los Anceles) with wholesale or retail
house; groceries preferred; can furnish gilt-
edge references as to character and ability
as a salesman; anything accepted for a start.
Box 10SC, Call office. -._..
PLACE wanted by elderly man (carpenter by
trade) to" do chores and work about the
place as handy man; understands care of
animals and is good careful driver. Address
box 89, Fruitvale P. O.. Frultvale. ¦
WANTED— By Eastern married man, ln the
country, ln general merchandise store; Is a
fair. bookkeeper; has had ten years' experi-
ence In business; first-class references.. Ad-
dress box 7. 1008 Market st. ' -
A POSITION to care for private- country place;
no cows; understand care of horses; refer-
ence's given; salary no object. Box 1204, Call.
TO drive and care for automobile; private
place: country preferred: experienced, all
around; gentleman's place; not afraid of
work; best references. Box 1102, Call office.
SITUATION as butler ln private family or
waiter in private boarding-house; country or
city (colored). 1015 Powell st.
TEAMSTER— Has stable; would like to work
for firm and care for team. Box 1087. Call.
TO drive and care for automobile, private
family; country preferred; single, eober; not
afraid of work; best refs. Box 1102, Call.
MAN, 35. want* work any part 5 days week;
steady. 1007 Vi Folsom st.
WANTE© — A man with over 20 years' ex-
perience ln logging, railroad construction
and timber estimating would like a position
as traveling agent to look up timber land or
take charge of extensive logging operations;
references. Address C, box 1187, Call office.
ANY kind of clerical work wanted by a young
man of 26; 5 years of very beat office train-
ing; capable of assuming management of of-
. flee; best of bank references. Box 1034, Call.
EXPERIENCED young man desires employ-
ment as ehipper or other position of trust
in wholesale or manufacturing house; best
references. Address box 1170. Call office.
A YOUNG Swedish married man wishes posi-
tion in wholesale liquor store or any other
wholesale store; honest, steady, sober; best
of reference. Box 1083, Call office.
ANT honest position wanted by reliable sin-
gle man of good habits and appearance. 31,
not using liquor or. tobacco; city or country.
Box 1042. Call office. .
SITUATION or' employment wanted by ex-
pert draughtsman and patent specification
writer. Address R. M.. 524 E. Eighteenth
St.. Oakland. Cal. , _
GERMAN, 38 years old, experienced grocery
clerk, wants work as storekeeper, buyer or
counter clerk: city references. Address box
1111. Call office.
AN experienced lawyer, bookkeeper, corre-
spondent,' business manager, etc., will ac-
cept position on small salary with corpora-,
tion. Box 4003, Call office.
YOUNG man, recently from the ' East, would
like .a situation; has had good experience in
dry goods business. Box 1040. Call office. .
GARDENER and florist, thoroughly competent,
single, wishes a situation on a private place
or Institution ; references. Box 1082, Call.
COOK, first class, wants a position ln summer
resort or country hotel: non-union man. Ad-
dress S. B. S., box lltil,- Call office.
POSITION by steady man In wine or liquor
house; city or country; references. Box 1110,
Call office.
BARBER — First-class Eastern, steady and
sober, wants flrst-claes position. Address
BARBER, box 1030, Call office.
EXPERIENCED gardener wants situation ln
Oakland or San Francisco; best references.
P. O. box CO, Fruitvale, Alameda Co.
EXPERIENCED young valet desires position;
best of references. , D. P. F., 112 Taylor st.
WANTED— Position by palmist, either as
teacher or will leave city. Box 1 1115. Call.
EXPERIENCED elevator operator wants po-
sition. Box 1145. Call office.
WANTED — Work by man ln private family.
Address BENNY. ROSENBERG. 408 Fifth.
MAN would like situation as solicitor. Ad-
Oress box A.. Call branch, 1041 Mission st.
JAPANESE couple want -position; man as
cook; wife fcr general housework. . U.
FUJII, 539 Stevenson st.
JAPANESE wants place ln morning from 6 to
»:30; any kind. Ad. T. H., 4 Carlos . place.
COMPETENT Chinese wishes position aa cook
ln boarding house. 1110 Stockton st.
HONEST Japanese wants place; Is first-class
ccok. 019 Wtbster St.. Oakland.
JAPANESE young boy wants a. position as
schoolboy. By mall, S. H.,1402 Laguna st.
GOOD Japanese boy wants position as school-
boy; Speaks English well. CONDO. 1329 Pine.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, ln wrapper, for mailing, .$1 per year.
FEATH E K_ R KX O VATI5O.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 325 Van Ness ave.; tel. Howard 3167.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT. '
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department: over 1000
in number; a combined list from all agencies-
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never. fall; service free.*
STERLING FURNITURE CO
7".," 1039 MARKET ST
OPPOSITE McALLI3TE*H.
A— HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list-
service absolutely : free;, take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-253 Geary
•I., on the square. •"
NOE, 158A. near 15th— Large, new, sunny"
middle flat; refined, respectable family de-
, sired; 'adults. ¦
CLARA." 160%; bet. Fourth, and Fifth— Sunny
flat of 4 rooms and basement. -¦ ¦ \
GEARY. 944 — Flat of 5 rooms; rent $16- walk-
ing distance; furniture for sale, $60..
TWENTYtSECOND/y' 3554, >-„ near Dolores— 5
grooms and bath; double parlors; rent $15.
520 — 6 SUNNY 'rooms, bath and tubs 171
Thirteenth < st.. . near Howard.
HAYES, 957— N|ce basement flat; 3 to 5 rooms'-
Janitor service; a snap; see It to-day. --
FLAT of ; three ; rooms; irent $12. Inquire' 223
'¦-Fulton st,'."_/:., :.i . . ,~ .';.,".. - *
MODERN, flat, 6 rooms. 4 bath; new; must be
seen to be appreciated. 327 Bartlett st.
NEW 6-room flat to rent. 79 Liberty st.
SEVENTEENTH. . 4182. near Oastro-st. cars—
Modern, sunny, upper • fiat; 7 rooms bath
' basement. 'V.. .',; .V ---'• '* <"
.UPPER flat of 5 rooms and bath. 3446 Twen-
tlcth st., near . Capp/ : \ ' ¦
WALLER. 1303. near Masonic ave.— Lower
flat to let, 5 rooms, moderiv **» ¦•
. . . : - . . < ¦ ¦ - "
•<Em> LjI-.I 1 l^JtL w A IN 1 o U r i i^ INTHE ; SAN : FRANCISCO CALL, . TUESDAY^ : APRIL c 5; 1904,
13
REAL ESTATE — Country — For _ S»»*»«
FOR SALE — 135 acres fine virgin redwood and
pine timber near L. E. -White's railroad at
Elk Creek Meodoclno County. For full par-
tlculars apply tc A. CLOCKERS. Albion
P. P.. Cal. -. ' ' -.:.'*.'
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards: Inspected bargains; monthly -Mta-
Iogues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S
Market st. - : ' - •
$10 A MONTH buys a 10- acre farm.
. $200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st.
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Cal.
A WEEK'S newt for & cents— The Weekly Call.,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
K_AL ESTATE TO K.YCIlANlilw
WILL exchange .good Oakland real estate
(small mortgage) for unimproved Fresno Und."
\V.. 1302 Webster St.. Oakland. •
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING^
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments, S and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet,
elevator, etc.; unfurnished or furnished to
order; new house. The St. Charles, 1560
E-acramento st., near Larkln. .
EDDY. 933— Four furnished or unfurnished
rooms; private residence; fine location; adits.
EIGHTEENTH. 3462. near Valencia— 2 neatly
furnished rooms; housekeeping.
ELLIS, 310—3 elegantly furnished rooms, suit-
able for physician's office or light houaekpg.
ELGIN PARK. 51^—3 sunny unfurnished rooms.
. new and modern, for man and wife; key 76.
FOURTH. 323 — Corner room and kitchen; com-
plete for housekeeping. Call bet. 1 and 4. •
GOLDKN GATK ave., 439 — 3 furnished
rooms for housekeeping; gas; bath.
GUERRERO. 030, bet. 21st and 22d— 3 fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; no children.
JESSIE. 323— Large sunny front parlor, fur-
nished housekeeping, sae range. $14 month.
KEARNY. 104— Sunny front suite; $11; un-
. furnished; adults. ¦
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furnished 3-room. suites; steam heat-
ed. electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
LARKIN. 817H— Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed, gas stove; reasonable.
MARKET, 15W, opp. Van Ness — Three unfur-
nishtd rooms for housekeeping; $16.
MASON. 417— Furnished apartments for house-
keeping, single or en suite.
MCALLISTER, 53S — Large sunny . parlor; gas
range; hot bath; laundry; $12; others $7;
adults.
MODEL House, 1200 Stockton— New, furnished
eingl 1 ?, double hssekpg. rms. ; gas,' bath ;$5-$12.
OAK, 117 — Sunny rooms; gas range; hot bath;
laundry; adults: $1 25 to $2 25 week.
OAK. 352 — Three newly fu»nlshed sunny
rooms, also basement room: $5. ',•'¦ •>"¦''?
POLK, 612— Bedroom, small kitchen, gas stove,
" baths; $14; no children. ¦
POST. 081— Lower floor of 2 or 3 rooms; com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; no chil-
dren.
TAYLOR 911—2 furnished attic rooms, gas
range, $11; single room, gas range. $6 50.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, near Mission cars—
$12; 2 front sunny housekeeping rooms. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
ct advertlsem-nts and subscriptions has been
opened at 1003 Market »t.. opposite Fifth.
Open until il p. m. ¦
"hOVSEKEEPIHO BOOMS WASTEl).
YOUNG couple want housekeeping room, not
over $10; private family. Box 1033. Call.
APABTMEST gOTJS-3.
A ST. HILAIRE APARTMENTS •
LAGUNA ST.. NEAR -GEARY
Will be ready for occupation In a few
days Kverything new. Make your «
reservations now. Elegantly furnished
' apartments with private bath — 2, 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat; electric light; ele-
vator; private phones; rates reasonable.
. - ¦ . ' - -.. . — " ' - v
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
JuT?E^T^ a NE h COS LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny: 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $2« 50 to 540.
Make reservations now. -'
ST CECILE 115 Fell, above Van Ness — The
a'cme of perfection in elegantly furn. 3-room
apartments; private baths, steam heat, elec-
tric lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
ST, LOUIS 1575 Jackson st. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms; also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view: references. Phone East 1350.
APABTMEHT TOB SAI.E. ,
APARTMENT house: centrally I located and
beautifully furnished throughout; every mod-
ern convenience. 31 3-room apartments and-
hath; clears over .$450 per month. Box 1090.
Call office.
APABTMENTS TO LET.
RTIERLIN. 957 ' Hayes st. — I rooms, bath;
swell; $32 50; unfurnished; finest In city.
r o o m s "^S\J^ST~E^ZS^t^3i^^S3^i,
AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny: prices from $1 50 per
week up: this Is the only up-to-date house In
th'.s vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth st. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c, 50c. $1. $1 50 night:
$1 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. .1364)— Fur-
. nlshed rooma suite, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable. -
CUMMINGS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened: desirably located; sunny.slngle rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and: cold
water, steam heat, electric lights, phono every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 . If . desired.
FOR single gentleman, in private home (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624. Call office.
FOR DRESSMAKERS — A splendid basement
: floor, neatly furnished; "reasonable; also
other rooms. 722 Eddy st. V_^__
FOURTH, 4!>1— Sunny, "large, front and side
room, suitable for 2; will put in two beds.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c
¦ to $1 25 night: $1 50 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GUERRERO, 212— Nicely furnished front room,
with or without board; bath and gaa grate.
JESSIE. 3Ci. east U. S. Mint — Furnished room;
$5 per month. . - -
MCALLISTER, 412. flat 6 — Sunny front rooms:
bay windows. ."' ' *.
POST 880 near Hyde — Large front furnished"
I .- room; bath, gas, running water; 1 or 2 genta.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent llghta,
reading-room smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 35c to $150; we*k. $2
to $S; month. $8 to $30: elevator, on ground
floor: -rooms with hot and cold water: baths
STEINER, 907 — Large front room, smaller
connecting if desired; running water.
STOCKTON, 41 and 45-^Nlcely furnished sunny
front suites: also single rooms for gentlemen,
$1 50, $2 50 - $S week. Phone Black' 5291.
TURK,- 32 — Newly furnished sunny rooms, ea
"¦; suite or single: ¦ transient; Just opened. ;
TURK, 780— An attractive suite; modern ; cen-
tral location; 1 gentlemen preferred; reasnn-
- able.' ':¦¦*, ' ¦¦ ,-.' "¦ - ¦¦•.-'•¦".¦ .. ,.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 . week; elec-
. , .trie HghtsKno gas), running water In every
( 'room:, elevator.read.-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light in every
room; 15c to $1: a" night; 75c to $5 a week;
. . open all night; convenient 'to" all cars.--- :i '- i
VALENCIA; 469— For rent, 2 unfurnished
'-¦ rooms. ¦'• '"' -' .-¦¦•-'" 1 ¦'- - :
VAN • NES3 ¦ ave.. 519— Elegant ¦ front parlors
, ar.d adjoining suite for office or, club.'* "'
VAN NESP. 020— Furnished sunny room in flat.
• suitable 2 gentlemen; reasonable. _;
WINCHESTER " Hotel, 44 3d st. near Market—
¦ Most convenient and .resotctable; 700 1 rooms;
, 35c to ?1 50 night: $2 ,to;$8 week;? elevator; :
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; -baggage..
,' A' BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
-¦' of : advertisements "and subscriptions has been
op*ned. at 1008. Market 'st..* opposite Fifth.
¦ Open:untll-ll'P.' m. ¦ ' ¦ .'•.•-, ; .r-
ADVERTISEMENTS.eubsciiptlons, received at'
Call i Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.;
HEAL ESTATE— CITY — FOR SAL— . j
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,' 638 Market st.
•; AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY. APRIL 12. 1904,
At our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon.
POLK-ST. FLATS.
Nos. 2104-240414 Polk St., north of Union,
two beautiful flats -containing « rooms and
porcelain bath each, and -storeroom below;
built only 18 months; modern in every respect;
1 rent $70 per month: mortgage $2000.
PACIFIC-AVE. RESIDENCE.
No. 2027 Pacific ave., east of Laguna st.;
Improvements consist of a beautiful residence
of 7 rooms and bath; very pretty garden In
the; rear; unsurpassed marine view; lot 2ox
MOXTGOMERY-AVB. INVESTMENT.
Easterly line 'of Montgomery ave..-- 33:7\i
inches north of . Vallejo St.. No. 410-422: Iot
irregular In size, having a frontage on Mont-
gomery ave. of 61 feet; present Improvements
nominal, renting for $90 per month.
BRODKR1CK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
Easterly line of Broderlck St.. 33:6 south of
Grove st. ; lot 26x110; this lot is level and
ready for building, and Is situated tn a de-
sirable neighborhood In 'close proximity to the
Park Panhandle. '* ¦' '
SOUTH OF MARKET ST. INVESTMENT.
Nob. 14-14% Rltch «t. and 3-3V4 Elizabeth
St.. between Third and Fourth, off Folsom st.:
Improvements consist of six tenement flats of
3 rooms each;, permanently rented for $708 per
annum; these flats are occupied by first class
tenants; rent payable strictly In advance.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Easterly line of Alabama st.. HH feet north
of Twenty-third; lot 26x100; level and r*>ady
I for building; this property has an assured
I future.
CLARA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Southerly line of Clara st.. 3.v» feet west of
Fourth: lot 1K>x75: Nos. 137-137^: Improve-
ments two cozy flats of 5 rooms each; new
modern plumbing: patent flush toilets; rents
393 per annum.
UNION-ST. BUILDING I/5TS.
Southerly line of Union st., 37:6 west of
Laguna: two well situated lots, 25x100 feet
each; thl« portion of Union st. Is a business
block: stores and flats erected on this .prop-
erty would bring In a handaoma revenue.
DOLORES-ST. INVESTMENT.
East line of Dolores St., '70 feet north of
Seventeenth; Nos. 3S0-390; lot 04x100; Improve-
ments consist of three flats, of 4-5-0 rooms and
one double cottage containing 4-5 rooms: pres-
ent rents very low at $00 50 per month; this
property will be sold to close on estate.
SACRAMENTO-ST.. RESIDENCE.
No. 3018 Sacramento St., east of Baker: lot
27:6x132:6; Improvements a handsome two-
story residence containing 0 rooms and bath:
plumbing In first class condition; mortgage of
$5500, Hibernia Bank.
For further particulars apply. .
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market st.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
, 1'5 POST ST.
$5,000— Natoma »t.. mar Ninth: lot 25x7j;
4 senarate flats; rents $49 per month.
$24,000— Fourth street business property; •*-
story building In excellent repair con-
taining stores and flat*; large lot, W)x
• $ 75; rents $1CO.
$4,0C0 — Vicinity of Third Et. and Southern
Pacific depot: large lot with double
frontage; 4 separate flats; rent* $4-
per month; owner anxious to sell; an
offer will be entertained.
$7,700— Thirteenth rt., fronting Duboce Park;
residence of 'J rooms and bath, ntgn
basement.
$7,250 — Rents $71 per month; large !ot, «8x
88: 2 stores and 2 fiats; street bltumin-
ized; cempiit sidewalk: Guerrero street
Hectrlc cars pass the property.
$o.000— Kents $43 50 per month; 3 flats on
• Eighteenth St., near Folsom.
$0,0w— Price reduced for Immediate sale;
corner on First St.. a few blocks south
of Market; lot 25x75; house of 10 rooms
and bath..
$11,000— Folsom *.. near 3rd; lot 25x1 fiO to a
rear street; 2 houses of. 8 and tt rooms
ami bath each; splendid speculation.
$0,750— FlrBt at., near Folsom; lot 45:6x68:9;
2 flats and a cottage; rents $4«.
$4,75(> — Costro-st. business property; r*nts
$37 50 per month; lot 25x125; store tnd
a flat above.
$7,50O-^Plne et., near Fillmore; lot 2".xl2i :6
to rear street; residence and flats; r^nts
*5S 5V.
' $6,000— Oak St.. near Webster: 2 flats of j
and 6 rooms and bath each; rents
$47 50.
$26,000— O'Farrell St., downtown location: lot
27:tixl'J0 to rear street: modern build-
Ing of 3 separate flats: rents $100 per
month.
$5,500 — Ninth ave.,, near Park entrance;, lot
2&X120 J 2 new flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and batli each; rents $45 per month;
easy term*.
$4,10O— McAllister st.. npar Golden Gate
Park; lot 25x137:6; 2 flats of 5 rooms
and bath each; rents $.'t*i.
$125,000— Swell aoartment house of 110 rooms;
everything high class; lot €8:9x137:6;
' rents $725; mortgage of $t5,C0O can
remain. /
$5,500 — Devlfadero-st business) corner; new
impro\-ernenta; stores and flats; large
lot. 63x110; rents $301 50.
$8,500 — California St., downtown location; lot
27:6x87; 2-story frame building; store
and rooms above; rents $38.
(6,000— Central ave.. near Fulton st. ; new
bulldlngi of 2 flats of 4 and 5 rooms
and bath each; rents $55.
$7,750— California st., near Baker: 2 flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$67 50.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
REAL ESTATE.
S A II S A L I T O. ,
SATURDAY. APRIL P, 1904.
On the Ground, at 2:15 p. m.
22 CHOICE 22
22 RESIDENCE 22
22 LOTS 22
Facing Bulkley and Excelsior aves., Keado
and El Monte lane, formerly known as Hotel
Geneva, formerly El Monte Hotel.
For further particulars and catalogues ap-
ply to
. HENRY STERN
Of
DAVID STERN A SONS.
Real Estate Brokers and Auctioneer.
11 Montgomery st. •
$0500— NEW artistic homes, built by day work.
They contain reception hall, salon, parlors,
beautiful dining-room in natural wood with
brick open fireplace: xhe kitchen Is perfect In
appointment, .light and roomy; 4 bedrooms;
all sunny: large, bllllard-room In : basement;
also laundry with - cement floor; lot 23x101;
. oast line of Clayton St., south of Frederick:
transfer to I Masonlc-ave. cars at Halght or
i Oak si,, ride to the tloor. JOHN STIER-
LEN. Owner and Builder, on premises.
«J.25 PERWEEK. no Interest. Lots In the
Excelsior Homestead Tract: all level; no.
grading to do; ready to build your little home
on: close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st., room 5.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INSTALLMENT HOMES, 612 Callaghan bid.,
tvlll build on your property or buy you a lot:
$8 a month pays principal- and .Interest on
each $1000 of balance due, 'making your In-
stallments -less than rent; send 'for circular.
$2SO0— ON easy terms: cottage of 8 r. and:b.,
i on West Park St., Just off of Mission. J
Make ', an • offer • for ' cottage of • 5 * rooms,
" large yard, on West Park et. . . .
D. COFFIN &.CO.. 3303 Mission st.
INVESTMENT PROPERTY. • .7" i-:*,:
$S700— Rented for - $870 per • year; new, : up-to-
• date-flats In swell neighborhood.- • See GEO.,
STIERLEN, owner and builder., at 1373 Ma-
•• sonic ; ave.; , bet. Waller and Frederick sts.
$H OO— COTTAGEtof 4" rooms; street work' all
- done; near Corttand-ave.' school. Apply
3316 Mission st.
MODERN- 4 -and 5: room cottages;! terms same
as t paying rent. Apply owner, , Lumber
• yard, S.E.. cor, 'Alabama and Montcalm sts.
BUILD ¦ on i your : unimproved ; . realty : \ we | loan
full cost Improv.. and part lot at" 6 per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker building.
TWO Pretty homes Just ; completed In the:Mls-
' slon' 6 rooms, bath;, about $1000 down, bal-
¦' ance easy. See MOISE. 320 Sangome st. ;
LATEST "system sanitary- plumbing by AHL-
i ;BACH;& MAYER,' plumbers. 836 Howard.
MODERN -"cottage : . 6 'sunny: rooms and! bath;
cheap for, cash.- 214 ! Hoffman ¦ ave. ;•. -.¦¦.-•¦,. .->
• a* WEEK'S news for B cents^-The Weekly Call.
. Ifi nwgen.' In wrapper, forimalllng. $1 per year.-
i SAX JOSE , HEAL ESTATE! *¦_?; >
FOR sale— 7-room sott&ge: all modern improve-
ments; elegant home;. 28 Magnolia ave., San
* ' Jose. Add.: C. E. Wright,; San. Jose, Cal.
ROOMS AND BOARD.Tg_3Sg|
EDGEMERE HOTEL.
731 Bush st.. above Powell; select first-
class residential hotel; elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed: electric light; steam
heated and private exchange telephones In
every room; terms reasonable.
, D. DU CARPB. Pro».
BOARD for the summer In a nlc« private
home In San Leandro: one hour's rid* to
Ean Francisco; all the fruit, .vegetables, but-
ter, eggs and chickens; home raised; accom-
' modatlons first class and home like; rates -
very reasonable. Box 4278. Call- - .
SUMMER board in a pleasant country horns
in Fonoma County, near San Francisco, and . -
close to Petaluma; dally train and boat serv-
!<*e; climate unsurpassed; terms reasonable.
Box 4058. Call office. : -
~~ HOTEL BALTIMORE. •
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEART ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70<L
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board with room.
single or double. $4 5O-$5 week: American'
family; home cooking; home comforts; piano.
GE.VTLKJIAX desires good room and flrst-
clasa plain board In San Rafael. 1192, Call.'
HOTKL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny iuites.
single rms.; excellent table; moderate prices.
O'FARRELL, 1420— Sunny rooms; private fam-
ily; «ood .board: bath, phone. ¦'-•¦-*. vvi'V
THE LAKE. 208 Turk st.— Suites and single
rooms, with board; prices reasonable.
VAN NES8 ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, with bathe: aleo single; homelike.
SPECIALISTS. "
CATARRH. DEAFNE8S and NOISES In EARS
positively cured: new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
A— GILBERT A MOORE Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. O. O. and Van
Ness; office 1236 Marl— t. r. 84; tel. South 750.
A— EMPORIUM Storage— Van Co.; furnttur*,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard »t.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flee Post and Powell sts.; teL Prlv. Ex. 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-,
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 12—
GOLDEN West Storage; advances mad*. 849
MIsMlon st.; teL Howard 941. F. "W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore at.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: t«l Main 1840. Shipping at cut rate— .
TY PEWR ITERS UlS T> SPPPLIBS. *
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $23; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals $2 50. Ths
Typewriting Exchange, 538 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. - M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont- .
gomery »t. . '
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspec Co.. B08 Market.
£.; SLOT 31ACHIVES. ~
Slot machines, $25; punchers, $23; lifters, can)
machlne».$20. W.A.Bradford Co.. 1185 Market.
STUTTERING AND STAM3IERIXO. j
MELBOURNE Institute! Van New & Market^
promises cure If In fair health; hours 1 to 5.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses were issued yesttrdsy as
follows:
William II. Moger, 42. 342 Capp street, and
Eva Shuman. 22. San Jose.
Valdeniar Strtbolt. 35. 1418 Geary street, and
Linda I. J. Swanberg, 2S. 1417 Geary street.
David A. Donovan. 2«. 074 Folsom street.
and Annie M. Danville, 26, 974 Folsom street.
Patrick Barrett, 26, 224 Harriet street, and
Hannah Murphy. 22. 52 Hancock street.
Henry K. FUh. 26. 239 Lake street, and
Edna M. Rhodes. 20. 1098 Pine street.
George Shinn. 35, Oakland, and Belinda Wll-
lets, 45. Oakland.
James B. Thoma«, 23, 1CO« Clay street, and
Rosa E. Buchanan. 26. 1C49 Pacific street.
Alexander M. Brown, 21. 712A Union St.. and
Frida H. .W. Hermann. 18. 1849 Stockton st.
Magnus Tonnlssen, 23, 2C03 Powell street,
and Marine C Schmidt. . 27. 24 Cedar avenue.
Frank M Fogunds, 37. 13C5 Sacramento St.,
and Ollviva G. Perelra, 32, 131S Dupont »t.
Daniel L. O'Brien. 21, Chicago, and Con-
stancia li; V. II. Smith. IS. city. .
John B. G. F. L. Luvisi, 3T, 10 Harriet St.,
and Sarah F. Connelly, 27, 10 Harriet st. \
Arthur E. Milburn. 27. 127 Montgomery St..
and Lettfe Rogers, 20. 127 Montgomery st.
G. Arvid Ieakson, 30. 45S " Clementina st..
and E Axelina Carlaon. 26, 458 Clementina st.
Samuel Meyer, 21, 8 Hollls street, and Sarah
Levy. 18, 2715 Pine street.
Charles N. Walker, 23, city, and Evelyn I.
King, 18. city.
Angelus J. Mordasini. 29. 516 Pacific St., and
Mary Delgrosso. 25. Nevada City. -
David A. Helblng. 21. 2303 Van Ness ave- .
nue. and Arta Abbott. 21. Ralston Hotel, city.
'Gordon Coutts. 33. S20 Market St., and AHco
Hobbs, 25, Melbourne, Australia.
William A. Washer, 40. 1203 Market st, and
Nancy M. Welch, 4S, 1203 Market st.
Francesco Ferrari, 34. 335 Union St., and
Ernesta Dernevl. 25. 327 Vallejo st.
WilllanV. A. Boole. 21. St. Dunstan's, and
Catherine' L. Hamlet, 18, Hotel Crocker.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATH, '
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed "
In at either of the "publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once In this column
DEMANGEON— In this city, April 2. 1904. to
the wife of Louis George Demangeon, a srtn-.
GREENBERG — In Eureka. Humboidt County.
Cal., March 31, 1904. to the wife of Las J.
Greenberg, a daughter.
NAVAREZ— March 30. 1904, to the wife of
Cornelius Navarez. a daughter.
MARRIED.
DONOVAN — DANVILLE — In this city. April
4 1904, by the Rev. George W. White, pas-
tor of Central M.- E. Church, David A. Don-
ovan and Annie M. Danville, both of . San
Francisco.
HENDRIKSEN— HOLDERSEN— In this city.
April 2. 1904, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, -
Martin Hendriksen and Bertha Helena Hol-
dersen.
HURRY— MOLT— In this city, March 29, 1JW4,
by "the Rev. J. Fuendeling. John Rupert
Hurry and Mrs. Emma Holt.
JOHNSON — BARGMANN— In this city. April
3, 1904, by the Rev. J.. Fuendeling. Theodor
A. Johnson and Kittles Bargmann. .
MALONE — FADELL— In- this city, April 3.
19C4. by the Rev. George W. White, pastor
of Central M. E. Church. Walter R. Ma-
lone and Adeline E. Fadell, both of San
Francisco.
MOGER— SHUMAN— In this city. April 4. 1904.
by the Rev. George W. White, pastor of
Central M. E. Church, William H. Moger of .
San Francisco and Eva Shuman of San
Jose.
WILKINSON— LADLT— In this city. April 2.
1904, by the Rev. F. A. Keast, Vernon Wilk-
inson of San Francisco and Frances - Ladly
¦ of Berkeley. ?•'
. DIED.
Armstrong.- Bertha Locke, Joeiah H. . >
Bache. Charles L. Mallory. Madallne R.
Baker, . Charles Marshall. James A.
Beasley. Johanna MeG«e, Mary N...
Besemann. Mrs. F. O"Dea. Michael
Brown, Charles Olson. John
Byrne, Anna E. ; , O'Shea, Thomas JhfJ]
Collins, Dehnis J. I Palmer. Thomas J.
Cummings. Thomas Reler, Charles H.,
. Cunningham. Mrs. H. Roney, Mary E.
Dewson,' Alexander Ritzwaller. Sarah
Donne, Mrs. Mary Rossiter. Moses
Faber.* Charles J. Smith. Omar W. \ , .
Fogel, Mrs. Una' St. r John, Hester A. .
' ' Frabm. Margarethe Strong. John
Green, Mary L. Tapken. P. W;
Hoffmann. Frlti J. Wall. Sarah ; J.
Hunt, John ,, .;
ARMSTRONG — In thls'clty. April 3. 1904. Mis»
Bertha C. Armstrong. dearly beloved .
daughter of the late J. G. and Amanda A,
\rrastronic. and sister of Mrs. J.' P. Hayden,
Mrs.'C. Landatrom. Mrs. G. Crocker. Mrs.
W Tohnan. Mrs. F. Llndblade and G. and
E "Armstrong, a native of California. ,„>...-.-"¦
"fC~Frien'-l8 and acquaintances are respect-:
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morro~
< Wednesday), -at 2 o'clock, from the famllf
residence.' 1509; California street. Cremation
I. O. O. F. Cemetery,: by her request. .
BACHE— In this city, April 4. 1904. CnarlM
L. Bache. a native of San Francisco, aged
60 years. ., .
Continued on Page Fourteen. , .
F J Monahan, Manager.- . Tel. Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O'HAM & CO;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
2339-2341 -Mission st.. near Nineteenth '•.-¦•
San Francisco.
PERSONALS — Continued..
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cure*, by Willow Bark Co..
812 Shotwell: consultation' free; call or write.
HAIR grown gray restored: pimples, wrinkles,
all blemishes removed; shampooing specialty.,
MME. ROUME. 231 Post.- parlora 13 and 14.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs..Sat. and Sun.;
classes I Mondays. Fridays. Louise . Foster's
School of Dancing. 155B Market, nr. Larkln.
Prof. S de Loutsky. dermatologist, 1BC7 Post
St.; modern facial treatment; at home.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair _ moles removed by elec-
trlo needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA Co.. 3524 10th. nr. Valencia.
MRS Eaton, electric needle specialist. 309 Sut-
ter. r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 39.
MASQUERADE tostumes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit ?" 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1: at all druggists'.
PALSUSTHV. .
MADAM DEVAS. . ' /
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LlEBGd
BUILDING. 139 POST ST. I
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientific palmist. 515
I Taylor »t.. near Geary. Phone Black 561.
PAPKRIIA.\GI\G. PAIXTnfG^WTC^
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR~~C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
102li* Market st. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073V4 Market st.
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor;
treats all diseases Cf the human body; for
past four years' at' 115-117 Maaon; now lo-
cated at C67 Geary it., near Leavenworth.
DR. . TONG PO CHY, successor to Dr. Ll Po
Tal herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs 'and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-S Clay st.
SEWIXG MACHINES AND. SUPPLIES.
AT half price or less you can buy a. new
White sewing machine that Is slightly shop-
worn at our city offices, 300 Post st., 18-11
Fillmore and 70S Valencia.
RENT the best: we have 100 new White sew-
ing machines for rent at $2 Den. month.
WHITE SKWING MACHINE CO., 3"00 Post
et., teli-Dhone Black 11CKJ.
DOMESTIC— The machine for family use;
beet is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
any price: all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth. .
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines; Filthily used: $10, $15. $20; second-
hand. $3. $5, $S: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home S"wlng Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Ladies'. Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
ore best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief, for Ladles"
in letter by return mail. Ask your- druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY. Con.— A dividend. No. «4, of fifty
cents (50c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
• nble at the office of the company, rooms 202.
204 and 2045 Hayward building, San Francisco,
on April 11 1WJ4. Transfer books close April
4. 11(04. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
SAN FRANCISCO Rnd Suburban Home Build-
ing Society. 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market st., opposite Third —
* For the half year ending 31st of December,
1903, a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent on'
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY, January 2, 1004. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manacer. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Office of- Sierra Railway
Company of -California, room 229 Crocker
building, San Franclse»r Cal.; April I, 19O4. 4
Coupon No. 14, due April 12, 1904. from first
mortgage 0 per cent bonds of Sierra' Railway
Company of California will be paid at the
fiscal agency of this company, the Crocker-.
Woolworth National Bank, on and after that
date. S. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMKUA REAL KSTATE.
$5250— A RARE bargain; chance of a llf'e-
tlme; two beautiful up-to-date modern 8-
room flats on Clinton, ave.* bay frontage;
beautiful marine view; elegant surf bathing;
bathhouses, etc.: this Is a rare chance: don't
overlook It. HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 14"23
Park st.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2C0O— HALF block by the ¦ Santa Fe; $50
month.
$1400 — New cottage, T> rooms; bath, pantry,
city water, sanitary plumbing: lot 50x100: 1
block from electric cars; $150 down, $25
monthly.
$S.*0 — Neat cottage, 5 rooms and bath; near
station of local train.
$500— Lot. 50x120, on broad macadamized
street; $50 down, ?10 "monthly; Interest « per
oent net.
1 $1200— House. 4 rooms: garden, etc.; $150
down. $10 per month.
$1S5O — House. 0 rooms and bath; lot 50x130;
small barn; street sewered.
$1250 — Business corner on principal avenue;
lot COxlCO.
$1.VX> — fMt for factory slt». 221x125.
S25O— Triangle lot. 40x120, with creek lined
with willcws:"?25 down, $10 month.
$1100— House, 4 rooms; lot 47x125; $100 down,
$15 per month.
$37.1 — Business lot. 20x75; $20 down.
«;2f,O_Lot. 50x100; $25 down; $5 month.
CHAS. A. BAILEY.
1056 University ave.. nr. San Pablo ave.,
West Berkeley. . : ¦
A. MUnnOCK t <jb.. South Berkeley station,
for ba'-iraliis: we build, buy. *«ll or *xrhan«r».
BERICE-EY HOTELS.
TmTEl7^BER~KELEY REOPENS^Thls ele^
gantly appointed house Is now under a new
nnd experienced management. The service is
first class, the accommodations homelike, the
treatment of guests courteous/the rates low.
The hotel Is situated on Dwlght way, one
block west of the Dwlght way station, and is
therefore convenient to; both the Key Route
and . 8. P. ferry systems. Rates, . per day.
transient, are from $2. to $3, and per month
are $30 to $50, according to apartments. Ban-
quets and wedding dinners will be served on
short notice In the most fashionable and de-
lightful manner. All Interested In this' an-
nouncement are Invited to call at the house
and Inspect it. Any further Information de-
s'l red will be promptly given.. Tel. Dana 136."
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
" OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS. -
$2750 — Splendid income Investment and spec-
ulation; ¦ flats near new. Santa Fe depot, San
Pablo ave., where everything is booming; 60-ft.
lot; rents -$27 -and can be Increased; absent
. pwner orders this sacrifice for Immediate sale.
$500 — Choice sunny .lot,' 70x104,, near'Frult-
vale ave. and old county road.* ''-.-i~-.
$2050 — C-room • cottage ' and stable with lot
50x140. on 30th st.. near Grove. ¦-.•¦ -
$1500 each— 2 lots, 50x120 each. In Adams
Point property: euperb view; elegant. surround-
in"sr cheapest lots in the tract.
$1500— Choice high lot. 60x123, on north side
Kdwards St.. near Telegraph ave. » ' :
$400 will buy, lot 25x127 on Adeline St., ' near
18th. and the new De Fremery Park.,
$250 .for' lot 50x140 on north ..side 43d st.,'
near Grove: crab It quick.'
- BKLDEN. Real Estate,
¦ - ¦: ¦ 1112 Broadway,* Oakland.".
$750 CASH. '$14 75 monthly; neat cottage; "4
rooms; .nice. closetH and pantry., bath, etc.;
barn, ; chicken ; houses. * chicken runs;, young'
orchard and flowers: 10 lots, all fenced, 125x
250; Al soil; fln« .welli.of. soft water; away
¦from cold winds: and, fog; adjoining East
Oakland; near , electric car line and- 00-foot
boulevard; ; good /neighbors, ;t surroundings;
price in all $2000. Call or send for circular.
455 Seventh st.. opp. Broadway station,- Oak-
land : r carriage free. , H. Z.; JONES, owner. >. :
MUST sell— New house, 6 large rooms: 2 blocks
to cars and "Key" route station.- bank, stores,'
etc.: 'excellent location. -Owner,] 859 37th st.y
¦'.Oakland; ¦¦>':" •¦' "'" '¦''*-: ' : -. ¦'•¦>.":. >¦ •¦*-'-.¦->¦¦»
OAJrCLA^jJFVjttiyiTTtJRE FOR SALE.'
TO-MORROW the 'day; for bargains; In .furni-
ture ¦ II. Schelhaas.llth st.,cor.Btore.Oakland.
¦ MKDICAL — Continued.
A — LADIES. If you are suffering from Irregu-
larities or any ailment you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first. My
method of treatment Is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee immediate relief from
iny cause or make no charges. Advice free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER. 21ft Kearny.
ALWAYS be advised and treated by a grad-
uate physician; positively the only one here
capable and willing to restore »you to happi-
ness; relief for Irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladies; If in trouble consult him
without cost or fee: call or write; conflden-
tlal. DR. R. H. WESTON. 305 Kearny st.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the roost difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. J specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; SO years* experience. 826 Post st.
VALPEAU'S feniale pills; best regulating pills
sold; price . $2 60 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $6. By. express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wboleeale druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, 'Oakland.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 100SVS Market St., opp. 5th.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
In obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5: 25 years' exper.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 319 Powell St.. opposite.
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs. •
MOXEV TO LOAX.
LIFE Insurance policies; loans on same; we
give higher loan values than companies.
United Loan and Trust Company, 21 Stockton
et. (second floor); phone Bush 4S4.
YOUR credit is good for money at the UNITED
LOAN and TRUST COMPANY, 21. Stockton
st. (upstairs); it you hold a salaried position,
on ycur note, without knowledge of your
friends or employer; lowest rate; quick ser-
vice; confidential treatment; call, write or
telephone Bush 4S4; we are the best equipped
company in the city, with offices convenient-
ly- and centrally located; separate rooms, ar-
ranged to that the strictest privacy is as-
sured.
_______________
601-602403 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $1,000,000.
REAL ESTATE LOAN.S.
INTEREST ii PER CENT.
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND* OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-S-9-10-11. CROCKER BUILDING. S. F.
~~ WILL LOAN "
A reasonable amount on
1 st.* 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, In city, town
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars,
of property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 40S. Call office.
MONEY loaned on diamonds. Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault Is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 20 Stockton; phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, bcarillng-houses. without
security : easy payments; large business In
4C principal citits. Tolman. 553. Parrott bid.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. CS Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 434.
MONEY loaned on 2«J an<l 3d mortgages.' un-
divided Interests, real estate In probate, life
estates. United' Loan and Trust Co., 21
Stockton st. (upstairs).
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent ! Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
646 Market: tel. Main 1044. Branch.19 Thlrd._
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission: no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 2S Montgomery Et.,rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and preclpus stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employe*. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office, 1103Vi I*rdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discbunt Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
AJ lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commission ;lnotallments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory b.ulldlng.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room SI. 6 Eddy st.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorrer. MORELL. 003 Examiner building.
MVSIOAL I XSTKU.M K.VTS.
ALL UPRIGHTS:
Fischer, new $325, now $150.
Hertz, new $300, now $07.
Miller, new $300. now $145.
3 Emerson, new $250 to $350. now $160.
2 Chlckering, new $450. now $100, $185.
2 Steinway. new $575. $750, now $185, $325.
Heine, new $575. now $333.
Rents t- up; Installments, $4 up. Rent ap-
plied If purchased.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st.
• Oakland — 1252 Broadway.
A FEW GOOD UPRIGHT BARGAINS—
Chickering, walnut case, used one year;
KUlnway. ebony case, used two years;
Knabe, larzest size, fancy walnut: Haines
Bros. Paul's- favorite, a snap: Curtaz. small
Eize< used IS months: Marshall, fine order,
thoroughly repaired, from $150 up; these in-
struments must be re»n to be appreciated.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1G O'Farrell st..
Chlckering agents.
SMALL pianos for small apartments; great
tone: rent or sale. Byron Mauzy. 308 Pout st.
ONLY puno house in the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
tt months" rent and cartage off purchase
price; sole agents for McPnall. Schiller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 500 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will b? sold to nay storac* dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 16-tO Market gt.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMIT7. & CO.. 10 McAllister St.
3-PEDAL Steinway up. ;Ch!ckering baby grand:
Khonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
IF you want bargains come now; pianos al-
most given away. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzey pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 30S-312 Post st.
PERSONALS.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forgflet the name, M. ELLA HARRI3.
The number, 781 O'Farrell St., near Larkln.
Call or write for book, free.
"Hints. on Beauty."
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
'you a fine suit on installments cheaper than
others do for cash. LEON LEMOP, merchant
tailor. 1127 Market st.. bet. 7th and 8th.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, Flops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
A — MICROTINE. a positive cure for catarrh.
- cold In the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affection*: send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 Uth.
Cancerous lumps, sores, Impure blood .(affecting
fckin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. .Worst cases cured.
WILL give free treatment to every lady call-
ing this week at ' the Glm Facial Massage
Device Parlors. 517 Taylor Bt.
GOLDEN GATE, 300 cor. — Laundry, barber
shop; cigars, tobacco, : newspapers, suits
cleaned. • "
AT less than, cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
. and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor,. 721 Market st.
HORSES AXD W'AGOXS.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
ll a. m.. 327 Sixth St.: every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
FOUR fins surreys, one pony buggy, carts.
r.«f°J 18 J irid busl ne*» burgle* for sale, cheap.
IS04-S Folsom st.
SECOND-HAND open hacks, wagonettes. 3- 1
eeaters and business buggies. COR\TLL
MANUFACTURING CO.. 4S Eighth St.
EAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
•esjrtnn begins June C. Catalogs by applying to
DR. _. J. CREELEY. S10 Golden Caf ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed- year
round; near Black Diamond. Contra Costa
County. Address Nucleus. 190 Stevenson. S.F.
SINGLE harness for sale, all hand made; never
been used much. Box 41C9, Call office. ' .?-
FOR sale — 2 good business horses and 1 top
• buggy. Centennial Etabies, 1525 California ft.
FOR salt — a cushion-tired buggy; good condi-
tion. Box 4130. Call office.
FOR SALE — Dark bay buggy horse, 6 years
old. Box 4211. Call office.
Dr. J. H. Halton, veterinary surgeon. Office.
hospital moved S14 Folsom; tel. Jessie 1606.
l^ariBrept assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey.harness.work.drivlng horses. I5th-Valencla-
LOST AXD FOUXP.
LOST— One biack mare, white star on forehead;
1 pneumatic rubber-tire buggy, black body.
Studebaker make, red running gear; brown
day blanket and whip; last Saturday even-
ing, between S and V, on Ocean boulevard.
Finder apply at Nucleus Stables. 1S7 Steven-
son st., for reward.
LOST— Pass book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of Ban Francisco In the
name of Peter Molony, No. 1S3-1S33. Finder
will please return to bank.
LOST — On Berkeley boat Monday, 10:60 a. m..
red pocketbook containing $65 In gold, some
change, trunk keys, checks, etc. Finder
please return to 4r»4 Geary et.; reward.
LOST— Sunday, between 6:30 and 6. bar pin of
gold nuggets, gold bangle with "R. T." at-
tached. Return to 1630 McAllister St. and re-
ceive reward.
LOST— A gold seal watch fob. Initiated W.L.G.
Reword at Shennen, Clay ft Cb.'s. Sutter and
Kearny sts.
LOST— Small diamond buckle. Kindly return
to 3348 Clay »t.: reward.
LOST — Or.i black mare, white star on forehead;
1 pneumatic rubber-tire buggy, black body,
red running gear: brown day blanket and
whip; last Saturday evening, between 8 and
0. on Ocean boulevard. Finder apply at
Neucleus Stables, 187 Stevenson at.
LOST — Saturday evening. April 2, between 8:30
' and 9:30. on San Bruno road or Folsom St.,
gold sunburst brooch Fet with nine diamonds;
gift; $100 reward; no questions. H. J. 8..
Emp. Planing Mill, 749 Bryant st.
LOST— A pass book with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco., tn
the name o f HANNAH BURKE. No. 1S4-C19.
The finder will please return to bank. - :
IOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Ix>en Society of San Francisco in
the name of Grace King. No. 21tf-6C7; the
finder will i>lease return to bank.
IX>ST — Near ferry, case containing -collars and
underw«-ar. marked Keller FUigerald. Oak-
lind:reward. Merchants' Express Co.. 15 Spear
MISCELLAXEODS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & W'OLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st_
DOES TOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair tt with elaterlte: In rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles: best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rentea and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
DESKS and office furniture; $20,000 stock to
be sold *before Arrtt 15: this stock can be
bcupht in large or small lots. T. D. MC-
CARTHY CO.. 7S3 Mission. Phone Bush 407.
FOR sale — 30 milking rows and dairy outfit
complete. . with or without pasture for the
same. Apply at SIS Grove St., between Web-
ster and Fillmore. mornings.
TAKE notice — I have sold all of my Interest
In the firm of Johnston & Ellis, California
Market to Robert II. Johnston, on March
22. 1»C4. E. V. ELLIS-
PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint; guaranteed
to stoo all leaks In the one and preserve the
n~. 205 Front sL; tel. Main 1428.
A— FINE suits. $7 W); dress pants. $2 60- Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny St.,
mar Bush; open to 6 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleyi,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
ALTERATION sale— Best $2 60 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. J30 Kearcy tt.. near
Pine; open to 9 p. m.; Sundays tn nocn.
MUST be sold: owner going East; painting an!
1 ;-.|,r-r hanging business; established over 30
yea rs. C. J. BARRON. 1219 Market st.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 60; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.: catalog free.
FOR sale — Electrical engineering text-books; 6
volutr.es. complete; new. 1S2CB Howard sL
FRESH Durham cow. Apply 1429 Bay St.,
Alameda.
CARPENTER'S and plumber's tools for sale
cheap. US3 Howard et. v-/
FOR sale or exchanre — For watch, one cam-
era. 8x10: also one 5x7. C. BAKER. 121 6th.
PIGEONS new Imported varieties, (ot squab
ralsers:send for list. C. Wilson,22» Stevenson.
FOR sale — Heifer; will calve soon. 200 Ninth
street.
PAIR perfect white diamond earrings at a
bargain; about ti^ karats. 10 Sixth »t.
A TENT for rent cr sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING Co.. 35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush Sr.S
Sy.c ROLL and up; fine wall paper; *ampl«s
fnatled; painting, tinting, •••nperlrg. M. MER-
IGAN. 1302 Webster. Tel. Jackson 1321.
BOOKS bought: libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore. Cl McAllister st.
STEEL lined safe. 1800 pounds: $125. RICH-
ARDSON BEOS.. 1S16 Market et.
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. b03 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
' hand. I. FREEMAN. 1323 Market rt.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck - Co.. 122 Mket.
ELOT machines cheap: Chlcajroes Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 833 Market.
gj^PEg New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st. .
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard A Breck. 131 Post st. -.
SAFES — N»w and second-hand. E. B. BECK
fe CO.. 122 Market rt.
GASOLINE er.gln-s, automobiles and launches;
all sixes. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont tt.
ASK for prices en second-hand typewriters: all
makes ALEXANDER - CO.. 110 Montg'y.
ailSCELLA.VEOUS \VAXTS._
TVANTED — $500,000 00 in old gold, ir the
readers cf Tins Call will kindly get out their
O M -old. silver, old Jewelry and platinum,
br«ng or eend It to us 1 by mail or express,
«-« will remit at once money or certified
check for lull value. Consignment will be
returned to you In exactly the same condi-
tion as received If the amount Is not up to
your ' xpectatlon. Bank references. LICII-
TKNSTKIN BROS., 25 Stockton St., city.
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pays the
hifchfst i-rice for buildings and will remove
C*e largest building In 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. cor. Mission and Tenth sts.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; lend postal. MORRIS, 943 Folsom.
EHOES " wanted: misfit _ caitoff; highest prcs.;
new _ 2d hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
Til -TON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Jessie 2851.
~ ~ MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able- I have no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed _«r no pay; 17 years' ex-,
perience in all female disorders; call or write
without delay: • eorreepondence confidential.
DR. WIIITE, 702 Market 8t. t rooms 7 and 8.
MRS D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
DR ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom - St., corner
;6tb; ladle*, relief or, no fee; $10.
TrtKLP "WAft'TCn— -MAIjTB-— Ct»nttw»»<.
"VRRAT * REATVT. 654-C36 CLAT ST.
PHONE MAIN 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
WE SPEAK
ITALIAN. GERMAN. SPANISH.
.JUEEK. FRENCH. SWISS.
ta 180ff we pave During 1904 we hope
worfc to 6ui0nf» men. To Increase 60.000.
FREE FAKE. FRED FARE.
—TO NEVADA STATE—
;• mju stay four months. THAT'S ALL.
. • —GOVERNMENT WORK—
|SS teamners. J?2 day.
lf.5 Ubcrrrs $2 <1ay.
ir.5 rookrocn, drillers. ?2 to 13 flay.
EIGHT HOURS PAY IRRIGATION WORX
$1- FEE— THATS ALL.
TO THE MINES.
rr, macbttn single and double hand. $S2 CO
la V-*o.
ALL OVER CALIFORNIA,
ARIZONA. CLOSE TO PRESCOTT.
C10 Miles— $9 10.
C£5 tearcsters. laborers, drillers, eta.. $3 to
M day.
D— It b» stingy with your distance. Oet
.;orer to the land of sunshine. CENTER OF
CRBAT MINKS.
MUZOKA, ARIZONA. ARIZONA.
MECHANICAL.
Planer and rrtlcfccr hand. Oregon. $3 B0 day.
Tallymen, lumber company, boss here $90
milkers'
*:«". tr.r.kers. ell parts ot California. $30 $33,
Ji' 1 and found.
« buuermakers. $40 an<l found
12 farm ar.d ranch hands. $2.*. *26 $50 found I
WOODCHOPPERS.
*.?* woodchoppers. all over State.
1 or trr-akers. shakemakers etc
—HOTEL DEPARTMENT-
IS caoks. d'ffereni places. $.".o to $75 found.
v. stters. <iisbwashf«rs. tw>:i and elevator boys
Leiindrymen. Sl\ $20. $30. $40 $50 $00 $70
MURRAY & HEADY. ' '
_ C.U and C',6 Clay st.
YOUR FARE PAID
Milker. Round Valley. $30 fd.
•»-i'!t'er and cheese maker. Round Valley $35.
Blacksmith helper, machine shop. $2 50* day.
ivment flnirher. little exixrience, $2 50 day
B farmer* and wives, $40 $50.
rwo farmhands, orange grove. $28 fd.
Boy. grocery store, olty. $5 to $6 week.
Waiter, lunch counter $:;.*. fd.
GARDENERS. '
vegetable gardener for ranch ;hoes here $$0 fd
'¦.nrrttner. flowers, etc.; fare 40c: $3P and fd.
t-iee! rhii-pers. cast steel, handwork. $2 &0 day
Talnter. carriage shop. *\i day.
Sticker 'nand; drug olerk. |00.
MTKRA-Y AND HEADY. C34-C38 Clay «U
CITY — GOOD HOTEL.
Assistant pantryman and wait on help. $25 fd.
Fry. tetid city cigar store. $5 week.
Mar., carry bread, city bakery. $20 and fd,
Hlarksmith shop, fare 3Oc, $2 60 dav
Bug gy washt-r. clean harness, country. $35 f_
1: vineyard hands, fare $1 $26 and found '
FOREMEN, t'JO.
' V foreman for Nevada. Government work.
MAN AND WIFE, $100.
«'<v~k ar.d wife, camp, for Nevada. Govera-
rr.mt.
"Xshwasher. lumber district. $25 and found.
Boy, lesrti blacksmith trade, $7 week.
old irf&n'. care invalid, fare 30c, $10 and fd.
jtoreman. hotel, $20 and found; elevator
bey.
NURSES.
•S NURSES. NEW institution; boss here; $S5
•»r.d found.
Wardmaster. janitor and porter, fare $1. ?30
and found.
:: .rr.achir.iEts. country Jobs. $2 50 and 53 2X
<ia>'.
Porter, city, good hotel. $"ft and found.
GARDENER— PRIVATE.
4 ranjeners, country; bosses here: $30 found,
a vegetable gardeners, country, $30 and fd.
shoreman. 15 cows, fare $.1. $.10 and found.
Kami hand to work about a nursery, fare
„ 30c, $.»ii and found.
X waiters, INSTITUTIONS. $20 and $25 fd.
3 l«nch waiters, city f>Oc nnd T5c
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
Ffret timberman. $S2 f>0; second timber-man.
XIURRAT & READY. C34-656 Clay 8t.
BHTS waai'd *t once. JOE ROSENBERG,
*!«> Market St.
fATf—OB wanted on rurom coats; steady work;
cood pa>. 5.'13 Natoma st.
HOTEL bartx-r shop for sale at 5324 Third st.
WANTED— P<rter. 44S Fifth St., between *
«n«i 0 oVWk.
U.OVERMIENT positions— Call st J>25 Golden
. <Jate a»e.. room 7, for free Information as
•to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; Cay
or e\enings.
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push.'a good
talker, eap^r to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 4TS I'arrctt building.
SOBER German, steady, references, handy.
tend bar. winehouse; married preferred. Bex
LUll. Call o*2ce.
A BOY about 15 years old to assist wrapping.
Apply S. N. WOOD A- CO.. 740 Market st.
WANTED — Young men for whalinjc cruise.
• Apply Humboidt House, 7>« Jackson et.
BARBERS— 3-chair shop for sale; wholesale
district; easy terms. Hex HJsS. Call office.
» , — _^_______________
WANTED-«-Men learn tailor cutting; prices rea-
*<• ijabie. I'ROF. F. J. LESSWING. :026 I'ofit.
B-CHATR shop for sale; good location. In-
yjire DECK ELM AN BROS., ICC Ellis et.
BARBERS— Good two-chair shep with 4 living
° roams: good side entrant*-; good trade; call
" and see. 2483 Mission et.
V ANTED— Blacksmith's helper. 212 Railroad
aunftUBt
>\'ANTEI> — Manager for one of our stores.
Scotch liaid Tailors, 100!* Market et.
WANTED— Porter. Scotch Plaid Tailors, -100ft
Mrtrkft st.
"tVANTED— Two tailoring salesmen. Scotch
I'ia:(J Tailors, 1009 Market st. .¦ •-
Kv ANTED— Two good cutters. Srotch Plaid
Tailont, 10C.-9 Market rt.
bOT for deii»er>- wagon, general store work
Kohn's Hardware Store, cor. Polk and Sac.
V'ANTED — An experienced proofreader on book
and fab work; one who has some knowledge
of Job printing referred. Apply SANBORN,
VAIL & CO., 741 Market ft.
1'OUNG nvn of 18 or over to Join a military
organization. Apply. with reference*. S.
FZAN1T. 473 Valencia St.. bet. <i and 6 p. m.
no expenses.
*tVANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. R*no House proprietor, has
e.dded 100 r.ew rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to T»Oc per night.
BAHBER rhop for sale, cheap; fine business ;
fine location: party leaving the city. OK
C' mmercial st.
V. ANTED— Machinists, molders, blacksmith*,
teamsters and woodworkers to stay away
from h'tockton; strike. S. F. Labor Couftcll.
TRY our men's shoe* union made, at $1 and j
$1 f#0 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 T.<»; we pay
*xpres B or rr.all charges. 11 Sd St., Exam, bid.
TOELIABLE, capable young man for real estate
business. Box 1041. Call orfl^e.
SAILORS and grern hands for steam whaler:,
fisjjlrjg ar.d trading. 504 Davis st.
COATMAKERS and pantsmakers for country.
Apply REIKS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition In S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard st.
YOUNG men sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters,
green hands, for ships. Herman' s. 27 Bfuart.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan bids.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Pott. G. A. It.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket 700 rooms; Me night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to tend from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch ottlc*. cor. Duncan * Church sts.
A~BRANCH~oTnce of The Call for the reception
• of advertisements end subscriptions hms been
opened at inOS Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. n».
ALL eiSes ram's shoes, slightly damaged., half
jirice. 6C3 Mission st.. bet. 1st and Sfl __
GET your shoe* hair-soled while waiting; 25c
to SO**. W3 Mission St.. bet. 1st and M sts.
HXLP WANTED — gO_CITO«3.
oWANTED — Goc<t salesman or solicitor." MU-
TUAL INVESTMENT CO.. 4C7 Parrott bldg.
HOISCS TO LET.
j±. pRiNTED lift of houses to let; *end for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
McALLIETER. 126» — 12 rooms, bath and bil-
liard-room; $C0; water free; modern.
PFFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Pest st.
MOUSES TO LIST- I'lIHMMICII.
/T^OMPLETE furnished house of » rooms;
lilano; targe basement; 2 blocks from pan-
handle; fine view; will rent for any length
of time; reference. For further particulars
arrlv 110 Pay ft.
HOUSES FURMMIED— FOR SALE.
5ciNE-noOM house: reasonable; dean; leaving
cic . SOS Golden Gat* ave.
— irt m> ¦ ¦ m ¦ timii ¦_J_riTr»MM— MBHIw_HHLiWii
TELL OF GREAT NEEDS <ce_>TO ARRIVE. '
Steamer..' From. : Due.'
Ventura;.*;;.. Sydney, & Way Ports. . Apr. '."IS
Arcata. ..'....I Coos. Bay &,Pt. Orford. Apr. ; 5
Spokane.....*. Humboldt ;...... ....... Apr. 5
Mongolia..... Norfolk . .:.'.*.'.; .....;. Apr. 5
Jeanie -..• Seattle'. &' Tacoma...'.. Apr. ,.6
KantaCruz... SanPedro & Way Pts. Apr.'- 0
Kur?ka. . . . . .\ -Humboldt :.~. . . . . .%'. ..... Apr. .6
Senator ".".'.; Puget Sound Ports;.*.'. Apr. fl
City of Para:. New York; via* Panama Apr.-Ml
Korea. . .'. . ... China • & - Japan. . ...... Apr. <»
Czarina....'.. Coos Bay ............ Apr. T
OAKLAND, April 4. —^A burglar
Btole S46 from I. Michael's residence,
166 John street, last night
Burglar Steals Money.
Shipping Merchants. ,
The French shjp Asnieres . (at Honolulu) pro
ceeds to New. Caledonia In ballast. " '<«•
The • schooner Ilelene returns to Honolulu
with general cargo.
The British ship Madagascar Is free and
not chartered for barley to. Europe, as pre
viously reported. :-&$S£i . - ¦ -•_-.,
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
R. B. Armstrong, Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury, notified Customs Col
lector Stratton yesterday that Baron
Matsudaira, vice president of the im
perial Japanese commission to the
Louisiana '• Purchase Exposition, and
H. Yamawaka, one of the commission
ers, are expected to arrive here on the
steamship Korea about April 7. The
Secretary requested that the cus
tomary courtesies be extended and
that the baggage of the distinguished
visitors be passed without examina
tion.
Japanese Baron Coming.
David Crowley, of the firm of Thomas Crow
ley *- Bros., leaven to-day for Seattle, where
he will spend several weeks.-
Tlie Mataon Navigation Company's stearn
ship Rosecrans arrived yesterday from Port
land, where she carried a cargo of crude oil
and bananas. • ¦
Water. I<>ont Notes.
Branch Hydrographic . Office. IT. S. ; N.. Mer
chants 1 Exchange • San Francisco. Cal.,
' April .4 1804. , ¦ .'-
TheTlmc Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building -.was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. t., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT,
Lieutenant. U. S. N., tn charge.
' ¦ , " : — »-
3Iovement of Steamers.
Time Ball.
United States .Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Fancisco
.Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent. -
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city Tront (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort. Point; the. height
of tide Is the camo at both places.
TUESDA¥rAPR"lL~5.
Pun rises .5 :4»
Sun sets ..6:S6
Moon rises .0:00 a. m.
0 jTimep^ Time "~* Time Time
» _ — ( Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
.• |H W| L W H W L W
B 1.2:301 B.5| fl:25 0.4 4:27 4.3| 0:12 3.1
6 I 3:21) ,5.0|10:25 0.6 5:33 4.2110:17 3.2
7 4:22j ,4.7|U:27 0.7 . «:3S 4.2111:42 3.2
8 5;!9 4.5 12:23.0.; 7:37 4.4... V.
L.-.W • H W " L W H W
0 0:5.1 3.1 6:37 4.4l 1:15 O.S 8:23 4.7
10 1:51 2.8 7:42 4.4! 2:01 0.9 0:02 4.'J
11 2:40 2.4J 8:40 -4.S|.l:4C 1.1 9:37 5.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the - early mornlns tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive . tides . of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given nre in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey. charts." except. when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and | then the number
given Is substracted * from the depth | given by.
the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters.
Exports to Samoan Islands.
The schooner '¦ Reneat • called on ; Sunday ; for
the Samoan Islands with Van assorted , cargo
consigned to ; Apia and Pago- Pago,. valued at
$15,S50, and Included. the following: ;.
20 bbls flour. lSlcs assorted -canned goods,
1442 ; cs canned 4 half bbls ¦'. pickled : salmon,
7400 lbs rice. 11,820 lbs bread.- 66JK lbs coffee.
172 lbs cheese. 15 pkgs groceries -i and ; pro
visions, 518 lbs ¦ salt '. 366 ' lbs : meals.': 65 r gals
wine. 174,047 feet - lumber. 7043 pkgs building
material. 58 pkgc "" arms : and ammunition. 185
c« coal oil. -10 cs dynamite.'. 79 pkgs mlllwork,'
40 drums carbide. 11 bdls oars, 3 boats, 6 bbls
- Monday, April: 4. '
Stmr State of California, .Thomas, 43 hours [
from San Diego and way ports.
Newburg, Anflndsen, -72 hour* from
Grays Harbor. - .
Stmr Aurelia. ErickBon. SO hours from Port
land, via Astoria 70 hours. • ,,*"
Stmr Oregon, Doran. 58% houre from Port
land, via Astoria 44 hours.
Stmr Rosecrons, Johnson, 5 days from Port
land, via Eureka 20. hours.
Stmr Coquelle, Pederson, 5 days from Co
qullle R'.ver. -
Schr Falcon, Anderson,- 6 days from Fort
Bragg.
Schr Jennie Griffin.. 8 Gibson, 3 hours from
Bolinas. .
CLEARED.
Kx-Vji -Monday, April 4.
Br stmr Wellington. .McKellar. Ladysmlth. '
R. Dnnsmuir's Son* Co. *"• -• ¦ •
Stmr Bonita, Gielow, San Pedro. P C S S Co.
. Ftmr Pomona. Swanpon, Eureka." PC S S Co
•fenlp-W. F. Babcock," Moxen, Seattle, Wil
liams, Dlmond & Co. I
_-Bktn Irmirard, Schmidt, Honolulu, Williams
Dlmond & Co.
SAILED.
Monday, April 4.
Br stmr Wellington, McKellar. Ladysmlth
Stmr Pomona, Swaneen, Eureka.
Br ship Travancore, . Whelan. Queenstown.
Brig Lurllnc. Forest, i Grays Harbor. -
Sehr Corinthian.. Winther," Albion
Schr Newark. Reinertsen, Fish Kock.' "
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT. LOBOS. "-April '4.710 p. m.— Weather
Cloudy; wind N\V; velocity 10 miles per hour.
SPOKEN.
Apr 2— In lat 37 N, , long 72 ,W, ship Benja
min F. Packard, frojn' Tacoma, for Philadel
phia.- .'-¦-'•¦. - ' . .-• . • ...¦-.
-Feb' 17— Tn lat 28 . S. V longr 43 W. Br ship
Glenburn, • from . Liverpool, , for • Fan Francisco.
Mar 14— In: lat ? 2 N,' long 2tt W. Hr ship
Verbena, from Antofagasta. , for Balttmore.r
Mar 30— In,latr3GN. long'74 W, supposed
Fr bark Alice Marie, hence Deo 10. for , Phil
adelphia.. ;.'.-.- ..-¦•¦
Mar 0— In lat 11 S,. long 35 W. stmr.Mongo
lia, from Norfolk, for San Francisco.
..^ -;'..' DOMESTIC PORTS.
- SE ATTLE^-Arrived .Apr 4— Ger • «tmr ,Atna
sls.' hence Mar 31. " ¦
Sailed Apr. 4— Ship dan Buchanan, for .
ARRIVED.
Shipping; Intelligence.
There was no change made yesterday In the
rate of reinsurance on the British ship La
morna, which Is still quoted at 75 per cent.
1 fa.' Engiehorm and Gaetana Casabono remain
at 10 per cent.
The Overdue List,
No word has been heard yet of the schooner
Kailua, which Is now out 28 days from Port
Ludlow f or this ?ort. She. was In the storm
which damaged. If It did. not" wreck, the ship
Lamorna, and some anxiety is manifested for
her safety as she is a fast Bailer and should
have been here some time aeo. She has a
car~o of 1.000.000 -feet of lumber.
Xo Word of Kailua.
Preparations ere being made on the Pacific
Mall wharf to receive the new liner Mon
golia. A number of offices at the lower end
of the wharf have been torn out to make
more room ror freight. With all that can be'
done, however, the space on the wharf will
be all too small when the Korea, dua to-day,
shall have discharged her cargo.
Preparing for Mongolia.
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. j Sails. I Pier.
______
Valencia... Seattle & .Tacoma. 2 pm Pier »
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Umatilla... Puget Sound Port*. 11 am Pier 0
April 6. |
Arcata Coos B. & Ft. Orfd) 4 pmlPier 13
April 7. I I
Spokane Humboldt 1 30 pi Pier 9
Oregon..... Astoria & Portland It am|Pler 24 ;
State of Cal Pan Diego & Way. 9 amlPier 11 |
Curacao...' Mexican Ports 10 amiPier 11
April 8. I
Eureka Humboldt . 9 ami Pier 13
AprU 9. I
Elizabeth.. Coquille P.ivfr, 10 amlPier 20
Arro •. Eel River Ports... 4 pm|Pier 2
B Cruz fan Pedro * Way. 9 amlPier li
Teanie ... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Newport... N. T. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
April 10. I I
g Rosa San Diego & Way.] f> amjPler 11
Centralla... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPIer »
Senator ... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
April 12. i
G W Elder Astoria & Portland 11 amjPler 21
¦ . April 14. I
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pts 2 pmlPier 7
April 19.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports, 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 5 j>m Pier 20
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
' ' - ' FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. / For. Sails.
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 6
J. Dollar Valdex & Seward..... Apr. 9
Dirico Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 10
Bertha. . . . . . • Valdez & Way Ports. . Apr. 10
Alkl ."?'• Skagway *: Way Ports. Apr. 12
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. IS
Santa Ana.... Valdei & Way Ports. Apr. 16
Elizabeth , Coqullle raver [Apr. 7
Argo I Eel River Ports |Apr. 7
Santa Rosa..* Kan Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 7
Hero Oyster Harbor Apr. 8
Pomona.. Humboldt Apr. H
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria |Apr. »
G. Llndauer. . Grays Harbor |Apr. 10
Centralla Grays Harbor iApr. 10
Bonita Newport & Way Ports.|Apr. 10
Centennial.".. Seattle & Tacoma . Apr. 10
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom...; Apr. 10
State of Cal.. San Diego & AVay Pts.|Apr. 11
City Puebia . . Puget Sound Ports. .. ..'Apr. 11
Calif ornlari ..• New York ........ (Apr. 11
San'Jose New York via Panamdr^r. 13
Oregon Portland & Astoria lAi>r. 14
Marlposa..... Tahiti [Apr. 15
ST. LOUIS, April 4. — An inventory
of the personal property of the late
millionaire brewer, William J. Lemp,
shows a total valuation of $4,384,000.
It is believed that the real estate is
worth $600,000. The .widow inherits
nearly the whole estate.
Lemp Four Times Millionaire.
The new steamer Like Like, which also
ealled on Saturday for -Honolulu, carried 874
gals wine.. 1000 lba tread. 5000 lbs-lard °0
bbls beef. 5510 lbs meal. 100 bales hay ' 101
ctls corn. 1S55 ctls barley, 70 ctls wheat
19,435 lbs middlings. 60.408 lbs bran. 29 pkee
machinery. 1611 fejet hardwood, 20 cs oils "0
bbls pitch. 3 bales dry goods. 10 cs soap "k
150 cs gin, 3 cs liquors 510 gals 40 cs wine,
M gals whisky, 771 ga'a vlnejar, 2S0O lbs lard
10 cs canned coods. 655S Ib3 bread 2000 lbs
salt. 25 hbls salmon. 10.000 lbs rice. 5 buls
glucose. 301 ctls oats. 113 ctls corn 1496 ctls
barley. 861 bales hay. 20 ctls wheat. 780 bar*,
1*.9 bdls Iron. 15 bars steel. 325 bxs eoap lu
drums carbide. 14S pkgs paper. 2700 gals dis
tillate, f< drums gasoline, 9 Tibia oil.
The steamer Alameda. which sailed on Sat
urday''for Honolulu, carried a general mer
chandise cargo, valued at $120,718. The lead-
Ing exports were as follows:
10 bbls flour, 1626 pkgs potatoes. 13 pkgs
onions. 1655 pkR? fresh fruits. 161 pkgs fresh
vegetables, 47U3 lbs 5 cs fresh fieh, 19 pkga
frozen oysters 4170 lbs fresh meat 1340 lb>»
dressed poultry 12,533 lbs butter, 9287 lbs 2
cs cheese. SO eg eg**. 47,250 lbs malt. 10,8. r il)
lbs sugar. 130,000 lbs rice 10,292 lbs mid
dlings. 12.C2S lbs ham. and bacon. 669 !hs
beans. 7GH1 lbs dried fruit, 10,000 lbs codfish,
2S62 lbs 3 cm candy im»» lbs 53 pkgs meals.
2(>S3 lbs smoked meat 2472 lbs salt llfcl th«
bread. 13,305 lbs dried fish. 13.870 lbs lard,
2012 lbs nuts. 409 pkgs bottled beer, 70 <¦«
whisky. 3377 gals 18 cs wine, 12 ca grape
Juice. 2G8 gals 9 cs liquors, 23 cs champagne,
175 gala vinegar. 212S lbs 2 cs chocolate. 212
pkgs groceries and provisions.* 1143 cs canned
goods. 0 C8 mineral water, «1 pkgs table prepa
lationa. 100 pkgs paste. C bbls glucose. 0S2
lbs tea. 700 lbs raisins. 74 pkgs pickled sal
mon. 15 cs honey. 2012 lbs nuts, 02 "pkKi 1
pickled fish. 780 lbs coffee, -625 lbs sago 143
pkgs dry goods. 42 cs hats. 03 ca boots' a n-J
shoes, 12 pkgs oil clothing 117 bxs soap, 20U
pkgs drug* and sundries. 100 colls rope, 11,020
lbs fertilizer, 30 pkgs - paints. 0 pkga wlnd
milla. 102 plsfts paper. 7S cs 19 bbla oil 11
pkgs machinery, 14 pkgs blcyclt-e and Fun
drlen, 15 cyls ammonia. 4S bdls snooks. 7145
feet 10 pes hardwood. 33 pkgs arms and am
munition. 2750 lbs 21 cs manufactured to
bacco/ 17 bdls wagon material. 5."! pkgs leather
75 bbls planter. 142 bdls 84" pes steel and iron,
07 bdls railroad material. 7090 lbs copper.
The barkentlne 8. N. Castle sailed on Sat
urday for Honolulu with a general cargo,
valued at $12,815. and . Including the follow
ing: v
Three Cargoes for Honolnlu.
The vessel also carried 0 pkES vehicles,
valued at ?463, en route to Tonga, Friendly
Islands. . • . ,¦...» -¦ ¦
cement. 4 cs boots and shoes. 6 pkgs dry
goods.
CONCORDIA, Kans., April 4. — The
Burlington passenger train, north
bound from Concordia to Wymore,
was wrecked this morning near Cuba,
two coaches going into a ditch.
Scarcely a -passenger escaped without
slight injuries, but none was seriously
hurt. The accident was caused by the
rails spreading.
Nearly Every Passenger on Two Cars
. in Kansas Injured in the
Disaster.
SCHOONER KAILUA. WHICH IS
MAKING A LONG PASSAGE FROM
PUGET SOUND.
COACHES OF A TRAIN
IKVSII INTO A DITCH
The schooner Jennie Thelin, which Is being
fitted out by Captain Alex. McLean for a
sealing cruise. EDrunB a leak a few. days ajjo
which puzzled all that tried to locate it.
The mate yesterday made an investigation
on his own account nnd discovered that a
submerged olle over which the schooner had
been anchored, had driven a hole through her
outer ekin.
He was about 60 years old and well
known in this port. He had been on
the Big Bonanza two years. He ha3
a brother here, the captain of iht
schooner Arazo. !
j. » . ¦ . -
Punctured by Submerged Pile.
Mate Young stayed up until 10 o'clock
awaiting the skipper's return, and then,
thinking Stenslund had decided to re
main ashore all night, turned in. When
the towboat came alongside next morn
ing the skiff in which Captain Stens
lund had rowed ashore was found fast
to the Big Bonanza's gangway. On
the gangway was a bundle of the cap
tain's clothes, as he had got them from
the laundry.
Captain Stenslund evidently reached
the ship all right and made^ fast the
painter of the skiff. Just what hap
pened afterward probably never will be
known. There was a terrific current
rushing by the ship and a human being
once In that swirl of water would have
small chance of escape from death. It
is thought that Stenslund, in making
fast the painter, lost his balance, fell
overboard and was carried away by
the torrent.
Captain Charles Stenslund, com
mander of the ship Big Bonanza, has
disappeared, and there seems little rea
son to doubt that at some hour between
5 o'clock Saturday afternoon and 5
o'clock Sunday morning he was
drowned. The Big Bonanza wintered
at an anchorage off Antioch. Captain
Stenslund and a sailor, Peter Carmelo,
lived on board and looked out for the
vessel during the time she was laid up.
Alexander Young joined the vessel on
Saturday as mate and with F. Parker,
a seaman, was to have helped Captain
Stenslund and Sailor Carmelo get the
ship ready for the towboat which on
Sunday was to take the Big Bonanza
from her winter quarters to Beale
street wharf, there to be made ready
for a voyage to Alaska for salmon.
During his stay at Antioch Captain
Stenslund made many friends ashore,
and at 5 o'clock Saturday afternoon
| left the ship for, the purpose of bidding
good-by to his winter-time acquaint
ances.
Snn, Moon and, Tide.
NEW YORK— Sailed Apr 4— Stmr Palatia,
for NaDles ami Genoa.
GENOA — Arrived Mar 31— Stmr Lombardla,
from New York. >
NAPLES— Sailed Apr 4— Stmr Sicilian
Prince, for New Tork.
CALLAO— Arrived P'eb 14— Br ship Slleve
Bawn, ftfcim Tacoma. > • - #
FLUSHING— Sailed Mar IB— Br ship Hamp
ton, lor .Los Angeles. -
HONGKONG- Sailed Mar 24— Br etmr
Athbll, for Oregon; Mar 16 — Stmr Victoria,
for Tacoma.
KOBE— Sailed Mar 7— Br stmr Chine Wo,
for Ore™on.
PANAMA— Arrived Mar 20— Stmr City of
Panama, hence Feb 17.
MOJ1 — Passed Mar 23 — Br stmr Indrasamha,
from Oregon, for Hongkong.
SPIJP.NHEAD— Passed Apr 1— Fr bark Biar
ritz, hence Oct 25. "
GLASGOW— Sailed Mar 31— Br ship Falk-
Iamlbank. for Victoria.
XEWCASTLH. AUS.— Arrived prior .Apr 2—
Br ship Sir Robert Fernle, hence Feb 7. l
GUIMSBY — Arrived Apr 2— Fr ship Biarritz,
hence Oct -5.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Apr 3— Br ship
Scottish Moors, from Tacoma. .
- OCEAN STEAMERS.
FOREIGN' PORTS
DELAWARE BREAKWATER— Arrived Apr
3 — Fr bark Alice Marie, hence Dec 16.
BALTIMORE — Cleared Apr 2 — Ship Shenan
doah, for San Francisco, and sailed Apr 3.
EASTERX PORTS
1IOXOLULU — Arrive*] Apr 4 — Schr Alumna,
from Newcastle, Aus. ;• U S stmr Iroquols,
from cruise.
Sailed Apr.- 4 — Bark Annie Johnson, for San
Francisco.
KAHULUI— Sailed Apr 3— Schr Kona, for
San Francisco.
ISLAXD PORTS
•SAX DIEGO — Arrived Apr 4— Schr Admiral,
from Everett; schr Oceania Vance, from Port
Hadlock.
Sailed Apr 4 — Fr bark Turgot, for Astoria.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Apr 4— Ger ship
Thekla. hence Mar 20.
Sailed Apr 4 — Schr Spokane, for San Fran
cisco. '
Sailed Apr 2 — Schr Zampa, for San Pedro.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived .tpr 4— Br bark
•Ventura, from Seattle; bark Prussia, hence
Mar 2S.
' COOS BAY' — Sailed April 4 — Stmr Arcata,
for San Francisco. *
ASTORIA— Arrived Apr 4— Stmr George W.
Elder, hence Apr 'J.
Arrived Apr 4— Stmr Eureka, hence Apr 3,
SAX PEDRO— Arrived Apr 3— Schr Meteor,
from Port Gamble; schr R. C. Slaue. from
Grays Harbor.
Sailed Apr 3 — Stmr Whittier, for San Fran^"
Cisco.
Arrived Apr 4 — Schr Henry Wilson, from
Astoria; f>chr Albert Meyer, from Tacoma.
TATOOSH— Passed in Apr 4— Schr W. F.
Jewett, from Redondo. for Tacoma; Xor stmr
Tellup. hence Apr 1, for Xanalmo: stmr Cen
tennial, hence Apr 1. for Seattle; dredger
Portland returned and anchored In Xeah Bay.
Passed in Apr 4 — Hr Ktmr Heather; Br ship
Lucipara. from Xewcastle. Eng-., for Seattle;
schr Americana, from Honolulu, for Port
Townsend.
Passed out Apr 4 — Br ship Edenmore, from
PorL Hadlock.'for Valparaiso.
PORT TOWXSEXD— Sailed Apr 4— Br ship
Edenmore, for Valparaiso.
EUREKA— Sailed Apr 4— Stmr Spokane, for
San Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Apr 3— Bktn J.
M. Griffith, from San Pedro; schr Louise, from
San Francisco.
Sailed Apr 4 — Schr G. W. -Watson, for *San
Francisco. . . -.
Arrived Apr 2— Blrtn Lahalna. hence Mar 25.
EVERETT— SalleM Apr 3— Schr Winslow, for
San Pedro.
LAWTONV Okla., April 4. — At the
entrance of the Democratic County
Convention hall here J. W. Hawkins,
sergeant at arms of the House of Rep
resentatives of the Seventh Legisla
ture, now Assistant Chief of Police of
Lawton, was shot three times and fa
tally wounded by L. T. Russell, for
mer editor of the Lawton Democrat.
Hawkins returned the fire, but without
effect.
The shooting took place in the pres
ence of several hundred people.
Duel Is Fought Between Men at the
Entrance to a Political Con
v > ; rention Hall.
FORMER EDITOR FIRES
AT A POLICE OFFICIAL
Edward B. Hinder fowner) Trlth Flynn &
Tre.acy ( contra ctoif). architect X. J. Tharp
Excavation, concrete work and fHllni; for re
taining wall on lot on XW corner of Manon
and rost Mreet*. X 137:6 by W 137:6; <1150
Kpiro and Mella S. Jancovich (owners) -with
Barthold Kiel and M. B. Dye (contractors).
architect — All work for a three-story and
basement frame building (three flats) on lot
on RE corner of Filbert and Buchanan streets
30 by 67:6; $C700.
F. It. Grannls (owner) with Johnron & Se
cor (contractors), architect E. J. Vogrel — All
work for a two-story frame building on lot
on X line of Sacramento street. 77:11 E of
Central avenue. E 40 X 127:8',! W 15 F
27:R«i. W 25, R 100; $7SK>6.
Frederick II. Reaver (owner) with Charles
Stockholm (contractor), architect William
Knowlt* — All work for a thr*-e-i=tory frame
tiuildlcg on lot on W line of Webster street,
7-J:2'.« S of Broadway. S 40 by W 107:6,
Western Addition 319: $15,300.
Onofto Topnottl (owner) with Enrico Quag
r-l!l (contractor), architect — All work for *¦
three-ftory fiame building on lot on E line
of Montgomery street, 80 X of Vallejo, X 32:6
»J?* E 53; *f200.
WilUnm Weston <own*r) with A. Knowles
rdootractor). architect Ttieodore W. Lcnzen —
Mptal lathing and hard *-all plastorinir for
brick bulldinir on 113:1 Market etreet; J1S00.
Arton Mett^n and C. Gebhardt to Western
Woo! and 1 weather Company, tot on S line of
Canal .«tre*>t, 2S0 W of Congdon, W 50 by S
00. block C. College Homestead; $10.
William end Agnes G. Mann to'George and
Christina Klmmel. lot on X line of Falrmount
street. 172 E of Chcnery. E 30 by X 125, lot
4. block 18. Falrmount; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
«j»>orR^ and Kate Ryan to I^eon A. and Fred
C de «'ha(r<*. lot on E line of Butler avenue
nnd XK of Tomaso Ftreet. SE S(i:3. X 5S:fiij,
W 7r.. S 15:11?,. lot 1. block 1. Franconla; J10.
John J. Mt-Kwt-n to McEwen Bros. " (a cor
pnrptlon) lot on XV* lintvof <?alifornia avenue
270 SW of Fair. SW 3<> By XV\ r 143 :C, Precita
Valkv :\Ki; $U>.
trero avenue. 75 X of Augusta itr<»et. X 50 by
B KiO. lots »«< and 2ir.». Kilver* Terrace; $1O.
Thomas F. and Annie Cre!*hton to John S.
and Kllen M. Barrett, lot on E line of Po-
Juii** .1. Kohwartz to Solomon Getz. lot on
SK corner of Forty-fifth avenue and U street,
K f.7:«; by S 100; also lot en SW corner of For
ty-fourth avenue and I* street. W 32:«byS10i»;
ataa J«>t en AV line of Forty-fourth avenue, 100
S of T street. S 25 by W 210; also lot on K
lin»- of Forty-fifth avenuf, 225 S of V street,
S 50 by E 120: alto lot on E line of Forty-fifth
avtnuc, 150 X of V ftr«-et, N 125 by E 120;
also let on W line of Forty-fourth avenue, 250
S of IT Ktren. S 25 by W 12U; $U>.
?o!on:cn and Dora Getz to Andrew and An
nie Wood lot on E line of Forty-ninth ave
nue. 112:7*i X or M street, E 118:7^, X 50,
W 121:l«*i. S 50:0a 4 : $10.
Sanie to Teresa M. LaneKIe. lot on E line
of Forly-^Ighth avenue. 162:6 S of L etreet, S
25 by K 120; $10.
Owen W. Caldwell to l^aura T. Gertridge.
lot on n line of Twenty-firet avenue, C5 X of
K Ktret-t. N 35 by E 120; $10.
•Maurice A. and Amanda Walsh and Theo
dore H. an<l Lucy A. Potthoff to Robert F.
an.l Marv H. Galvln, lot on X line of Army
mrt-et. UiO B of Sanchez. E 2e by X 114; $10.
John and Theresa Foppiano to Francis X.
I>jnn. lot on \V line of Alabama street, 130 X
of Twenty-nret. X 20 by W 100; $1.
Julia Conroy to George and Margaret Moss,
lot on S line of Twenty-Hrtrt. Mreet, CO E of
Florida. K 25 by S S5; $10.
Jameif P. Sweeney to William Bradford, lot
on NE corner of Church and Army streets, X
Sl:« by K »0; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to Adam
and Frfclderlcke t-auer, lot on E line of Xoe
•street, «t>t;:6 X of Seventeenth, N 25 by E 100;
«
Kent? and Henrlette Le Uoy de Toctjnevllle
to "*•<•..'.¦ F. and h'ojihie Lerson, lot on E line
of lielrher street, 225 X of Fourteenth. X 30
by B 12; «10.
£amo to l*hc>mas P. S. Brown, lot on E line
of Mission street, Mi S of Eighteenth. S 30 by
E 122:«I; $ .
Cliy and County of San Francisco to Carl
Ebcrspacher, lot on S line of Nineteenth street,
Hi W of Fol*om, W 25 by S So; $ .
Michael Tamon;' to Andrew O and Mr Us.- a
L. Thulin. lot on XE line of Dore street. 1SS:«
SK of Folsom. BE S«:ti by XB &5; $10.
Beli« II. Plummer to Stephen P. and Mary A.
JefJVrscn, lot on S line of Jackeon street, 40:3
W of Cheny, W 35, SW 12»:2. E 33. XE 12»:2;
$10. • .
carl F. A. \Vciw;hand to William Hill Com
j.any, lot on K line of Tremont street, 621 S
of Frederick, S 25 by F. hO, und lot on E line
of TremonL street. 52l B of Frederick, S 25 by
V. S". $10.
John ONelU to Frank A. Lawler. lot on N
lin<- uf PlLe *trbet. 125 E of Central avenue,
K 23 by X 100; $10.
William II. lieli to Mary F. House, lot on W
llnr of Lyon etreet. 107:tt S or Bush. 8 30 by
W CS:6; ?10.
Frederir.k T. and Leonora S. Dubrins to J.
W. Wricht tc "Bons'^-Inve^tmt-nt Company, lot
on N line of Vullejo street. 257:6 W of linker.
W 4* by N 150; quitclaim deed. $5.
Gustav Witxel to John F. Witzel, lot on SW
oomer of SSittter and Broderick streets, W 30
by S 82:«>; $10.
City and County of Han Francisco to William
and Mary Watkins. lot on N line of Green
•treet. 136:1)) \V of Lajruna. W 2tf by N 1(30;
Klizabeth F. or L. Florence Heine to James
Ba«ch. lot on E line of Webster street, 82:ti X
of Geary. N 27:6 by E 68:S»; 510.
£ame to Ada Alartin (.wife of David), lot on
E line of Webeter street. 110 N of Gear> - . N
27 by E CS:»; *1U.
City an<! County of San Francisco to Adolf
Wirtner. lot on N line of Pine street, 47 :« K
of Pierce. K 23:6 by N 87:8; $ .
H»-nr>- L«mser to William Lemser. undivided
one-half Intercut in lot on X line of Pine street,
k?:« W of Pierce. W *2 by N 137:6; $10.
/ V."J]!!am T. and Mary O. Kll^rove to First
Church of Christ (Scientist), lot on SW corner
of Scott ar.ii Sacramento streets. S 127:S>i by
W !<7:«; *iu.
L. Eueene 1*+ to Pioneer Automobile Com
pany, lot on SW corner ©f Golden Gate avenue
and Octavia street. W 145, S 137:6, B 37:6 N
V2M. E 107:6, N 125; $10.
Cbarlott* and Samuel Drew to Mary L.
Ruils twite of John &.). lot on S line of Poet
*tre«t, 145 TV of Larkin. W 25 by S 120; $10.
«.'ity ani Coucly at Can Francisco to Jere
m!aa and J&mei T. Donovan end Mary K.
McCarthy, lot oa W lin» of Po!k street, 4«:C S
of Green. S 4« by W M:6; J- — .
Same to KHzabeUi lavne, lot on S line of
"Washington sLreet. 103 W of Polk. W «5 by
6 1-'7:SV»: * .
MOXDAT. APRIL 4.
REAL- ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
! ST. LOUIS, April 4.— The sub-com
mittee of the Democratic National
Commltfee in charge of the arrange
ments for the Democratic National
Convention to be held in St. Louis met
here to-day. All the members are here
except John R. McLean of Cincinnati.
The local committee reported that the
sum of $40,000 pledged by St. Louia
toward defraying the expenses of the
convention had been subscribed. It
also reported in detail the arrange
ments planned for seating the dele
gates, alternates and guests ip the con
vention hall. \
The plan provides for 9500 seats, of
which 4000 will be located in the arena.
The speakers'^ stand will be on the
north side of the arena and the pre^s
reservation east and. west of the speak
ers' stand. The delegates will be seated
directly in front of the speakers' stand
and the alternates east and west of
the delegates. The remainder of the
seats are for i guests. The individual
members of the national committee will
have the distribution of the guest tick
ets outside of those for the press and
the locai arrangements committee.
It was decided not to consider the
question of naming temporary officers
of the national convention until the
meeting of the sub-committee, to be
held here in June, The next meeting
of the sub-committee will be held in St.
Louis in May.
— — -• — >—
Pavilion Will Be Provided
With 9500 Seats, of Which
4000 W r ill Be in the Arena
SUBSCRIPTIONS READY
Democratic National Sub
committee to Complete Ar
rangements for Gathering
MAKING PLANS
FOR CONVENTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO iCALIi; TyESDAY, : APRIL; 5, 190f.
Captain Charles Stenslund, Returning to His Ship at Her Winter
Anchorage, Off Antioch, Falls From the Gangway and Is
Drowned— Empty ' Skiff Tells the Tale of His Taking Off
COMMANDER OF BIG BON A NZ A
LOSES LIFE IN RACING TIDE
14
SEE THE CAE.I/S
CI^\SSIFIED COLUMNS
TO-DAY FOR
Business Clianccs.
Employment Wanted (.Male).
. Employment Wanted (Fe-
mnlc).
Help Wanted (Mnle).
Help Wanted ( Female) .
Lost and Found..
Miscellaneous Articles for
Sale.
Room» to IiCt— Furnished
and Unfurnished.
Houses to |«t"l<^irnLslied nnd
Unfurnished.
Miscellaneous Wnnls. -
Meeting Notices.
Rooms for Housekeeping.
Tlil.t will not only Interest
those out of work, but those de-
slriiis to Impnivo' their |>o*ltlon.«
as well.
DEATH NOTICES.
¦ ..
OontLnued From Pace Thirteen.
BAKzn~In the City and County Hospital,
April 4, 10C4. Ch«rles Baker, a native of
Enclaad. ased 44 years.
BEAELEY— In this city, AprU 4. 1804. Je-
hanr.a B«as!ey. late or f&nartsvine. CeJ.. be-
loved mother of Richard. Johij taifl WJUiam
Be*rley. and Mre D. F. Buckley. Mrs. F.
TT. Melbeek and the late Mrs. J. T. Bm'Ah.
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aced 73
vears S months and 4 daya,
C7"Frlen(Ss and acquaintances are rtepeot-
fullr Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
< Wednesday), at 6:.%0 o'clock, from her late
reeldeooa, £19Xi VaUeJo street, thence to St.
Francis Church for service*. Interment
Holy Cram Cemetery. Pleaj* omit flowers.
BT.SEMANN— At rest in this city. April 8.
19>>4, Mm. Frieda Bwemar.n, beloved wife
of tlie late Detrlch Besemann. and beloved
mother of William Besemann. Mrs. M. Furk- '
ert, Mrs. Joe Hammer and Mrs. Henry j
RcbornsUieliner, a native of Germany, aged
< .'» years 6 months and 22 days. !
C7"Frien<;s and acquaintances are regpect-
rtUly invited to attend the funeral to-day I
• Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the chapel of j
J. S. Godeau. ECS Moctcomery avenue, where
eervlce* will be held. Interment Mount Oli-
vet Cemetery.
BROWN— In thta cJtr. April 3. 1904. Charles
Brown, a native of Ireland, aged CS years.
BTHXE-Ib tbin city. April 4, 1904. Anna B.
Byrne, «!e*rly beloved mother of Margaret J. j
HlldebrandU a native of Ireland. ac«d 73 t
years. i
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
rWednoedsy). at 8:30 o'clock, from her late ;
reeldence. 150tt Fifteenth street, thence to |
Ft. Charles Borromeo' ¦ Church for service* |
comTnenclmr at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy i
Cross Cemetery.
COLLINS— In Stockton. Cal.. April 4. W04.
Dennis Joseph, beloved won of Bridget and
the late TfmoLhjr <.Y.'.!:r.6, a native of Btock-
ton, Cal.
CTl^yiends and acquaintances are respect -
fully lnvlied to aUend the fuoeral to-morrow |
(Wedae6day), at »:SO o'clock, from the resi-
d*nc« of his mother. 506 Buchanan street,
thence to Sacred Heart Church, where a re- I
quicm inawi will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his kouI, at 9 o'clock. Interment
Ho!y Crass CtaietfTy.
CVZriSXtidS— In San Rafael. Cal.. April 4,
ilKH, Thomas Camm'.niii, beloved fcnrb&nd of
Annie 21. Cutnmlncs. father of Mary G..
Alicia 7X Tbomaa J end Julia T Cummlnfra.
- and brother of the if.te Michael Cummings
ol Santa Kosa. aged t- yean and 3 months.
r7"Kr«enCs and acquaintances are respect-
fully lr.vited to attend the funeral to-morrow
at » o'clock, from his lale
residence, on Third street, thence to St. i
Raphael'* Church, where a solemn bigb mass
•will be celebrated lor the repose, of his nou!.
lp:«"Tnect Has;a Ro*a. Remains to be taken
f ' banta Rosa from t-an Rafael on 11 o'clock
*Rf«eolaJ train.
CirNNl.VGHAM— In this city. April 3. 1904,
Hacnnh, b«!oved wife of John Cunningham,
mother of John D. Cunningham, daughter of
the late Rlchmrd and Mary Hanlon. and lov-
::.r slater ot Sareli and Lawrence Hanlon.
Mrs. J. Trapp and Mrs. A. Cunningham, a
rutivn of Ban Francisco, aged S2 years 11
r: •¦:• i! •= and 3 dayn.
1 CV Friends and arquaintances are respect -
fiilJy ln\ited to attend the iurens.1 to-morrow
"Wednesday), nt S» o'clock, from the resi-
der.ee of h«T elster. Mrs. J. Trapp. 421 Hat-
ilson street, thenoe to 8u Hrendan's OUurch,
Avhrre a requiem high rraw? will be oele-
lirated for the repos« of her sou!, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'cluck. Interment Holy Cross
< 'eroetery.
£>i:WSON— In Oakland. Cal.. April 3. 1904.
Alexander Dewson, beloved husband of Vic-
toria A. D«"WRon. and father of Mrs. May
W. W., Alex K. W.. D. W.. Ruth,
iSvelyn, Laura, Joe ard Augusta. I>eweon, a
Dative of Charleytown, Mac:., aK'd CI years
« months and 6 days. (New Orleans papers j
l : ;**w copy.)
C-yrViptnis end «fq«ia!ntanccs are respect- j
fully invited to ouend the funeral to-day
i Tuesday ), ct £ o'clock, from his late reel- '
<1ence. 1:^0 Fifth street. Oakland. Interment |
Mountain View Cemetery.
JXJN'NE— In this VJty. April 3. 1S04, at her I
residence, HI27 McAlllBter frtrert, Mary, be-
loved wife of the lale KSchard 11. Donne,
nnd loving mother of Joseph H., Kirhard J..
Mary, Margan-t. Ju!!i and Alict Donne, a j
native of County t'avan. Ireland.
CFriends anU acquaintances are respect- |
fully invited t<> etu-nd a requiem hisJi mass
for the rcr>ow of her soul at Sacred Heart
«.Turch tc-da.y <TucadiLy). commencing at
11:30 o'clock. Interment i-rivate. Holy ("njes
< "eraetery.
FABEIt— In this city. April 3. 7904. Charles
J Faber. beloved son of Joseph and the late
Mima Faber. and broth'-r of Oeorge, Peter,
William and Annie Kab>"r. Mrs. E. J. Aitken,
Vrs 15. Jackson. Mrs. A. lto«is?ey and Mn>.
E. King, a nalive of Francisco. Cal, j
egM "t years and 4 months.
Cm^rUrnds and acqualntar.cep are respect-
fully invited to »ivnd tlle funeral Tuesday.
April 8. Jl)'»4 at 1 ".'clock, from his lam
residence, bl Valparaiso F'.reet. Interment I
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where the. servic* i
»i!I be held. j
FfKJEI^— In thi* tStF. April 4. 1904. Mrs. Lina i
FflCel. iM-'.ovs-d ¦rtfa of the deceased Benja- !
min Foccl. oad beloved mother of Uu nnd
.lB«-ob Foci. Mrs. M. M<-<Jiinn. Lilly, May,
Michael and William Fogel, a native of G«r-
niany, ac«l CJ >ears.
TRAHM— In this c:t>. April 4, 1»C)4. Margar- j
••the, lif-lovrd wife of the lote August Frahm, !
and beloved molhf-r of Henry, Karl and the I
lat«» John I'rahm. a native nf Germany, aged
82 years 10 nionthi" and 5 daye.
prFMcnli and acquBlntais-t-t- are retpect-
' *ui!y invited to Httend the funeral to-morruw
• Wedn'ffiBy). at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
«jf Theortor Dioi ks. ilfs»ion Hrwt. be-
tween Fi-'h and SIxtli. Interment **ypree*
Lawn <>n!«-t<»ry.
GRKKX-ln Oaklard. Cal.. April S. 1004. Mary
I... bPlovcd wife of J. VV. Uiten, a native of
• "allfornia. need .'53 years 10 monihai and 15
nays.
C7'Fri' > nd! ! an»1 acquaintance? are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral lo-morrow
rWedneaday). at 2 o'clock, trom L»-itfh &
H^nd^rwiiiV imrlors, corner «f Kighth street
sikI Itroadwuy. Interment Uountaln View j
<'cmeterv.
HOFFMANN— In this city, April 4. 1904, j
Ffiiz J. I: ¦¦¦'. . :.;i. beloved fon of Fritz W. j
and Judi;h Hoffmann, and bn»ther of Wai- I
tfr ami Lulu Hon'mann, a native of i>in- j
n'-cilcut, as«'«l -1 >»»re 1 niuijth and 13 da>>:. j
IH.'NT— !n ti.e City and County HospitHl. April ;
4. UMM, John Hunt, a native vt Ireland, uged !
61 ><»ar».
IXK;KE— In th!» oity. April 2. 1904. Josiah i
Hanr.Ujhl. !H»lovr-<l hii^tiaiid of *.'arri«i A. j
Locke, and father of Horare N. I><ickt-, Mre. I
U. XelaOB and Mrs. li. K. C. l-'eusier. a j
xwtive. Of Lyman. New Bamjwblre, upi-d 7- |
t>i»i-8 S» ir."nl'.is and "(J day?.
CyFriends »n«i ac-ji:n(ina):fey are respect- j
rally invited io arit»nd the funeral to-day j
<Tucsday> at II o'-dock, fr.jm hiis late rt-sl-
*irnce. M8 (Jrov* 2 street. Interment private. !
fcLM,LORY— In Alamtda. Cal.. April 3, 11HM. J
Madeline iiuth. hr-luvrd daughter of Opilen j
Mallory, and pist»-r of Jlrn. F. W. Lcarta and J
>jrl MalJory. » r.stlvv- «»f California, agwl J
IK ymira I> NK»nth»* end 2?> days.
MAI'.SHALL— In Berkeley. CaL", Arril p. iw«, i
.iam»-ii a. Uanhall. brother of Mrs. Jam«-f> !
A. McCorkelL and Frank il., George 1). «mj •
Irwin H. Marylia!!. a nativt- of l'ran- ;
cis>~<.. ased ¦>¦ :eai> il month? «nd 'JO .jay*, i
C7"II<i>:»inf at, ih(> parlors of 1'orter Ac •
White. 4Z.I Geldea Gate avenue.- Funeral :
anA int'Tincnt piivate.
McGEK— In ih:* city. Arril t 19C4 Mary N-. !
btlo\tl »if» o.' the late Itobert JJ< Gee and '
loving mother pf John X.. .!amei- C. and '
M&iy Janf> MCG*-^. and kilter of Geoige ¦
Nelson and .Mr*. Kate Weir, a native or I
Londonderry, ire-land.
Ct?"l"rif ndR and ar<jt!a!ntanoe« ar» respect- '
fully invited to attend the funeral Ti:esday.
April B at -v:t0 o'.lof-k, from h« r late rer:- J
drnce. tia Hvde nti-».»-t. ihfnce to St. Mark's !
Catludral. \vi;<re a requiem hlsh mass will ¦
be celebrated fur t!ie tejtose of her BosL •
rommencing at '¦» o"clo<:k. Intermt-nt Holy !
Crocs Cemetery.
O'DEA — In thi)- city. April 3. W-U Michael, j
beloved husband of the late Catherine O'Uca. '
and loving 'ath»-r of the late Margaret I
O'Dea, a uatiie of County Galnay, Ireland,
fcged «7 years.
CyThe tuneral will take place to-day i
(Tuesday), at S:13 oVJock. from the resi- j
rfence of bis niece. Mrs. James Dunning. I
"J.-.'a Arl:RnKa» street, b»-twe«'n Maripc»& I
»nd Elghteontli, th»-m-e to Kt. Tereta'fc
<:hurch. where » requiem high maq will be
celebrated for the rrpo*e of his soul, oom-
menclng at 'J o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
OLKKN— In this city. April 2, 1904, John Oluen.
a nati\e ot Hweden. c»;ed 45 yearn. ' ¦
CTlic funf-ral will tal:e place to-day
<Tu«wlay), st 1 o'cVick. rrom the parlors o*f !
Carew &- Rngltstl, Van Net.* avenue. In- i
terment Mount Ollvtt Cemetery. ;
©'SHEA— In this city. April 4. 1904. Thoman, I
beloved husband of Jane O'Shea, and luvioir j
fr.ther of Mamie O*6bea, a native of the pai-
J*h cr Kakral, -County Cla:*, Ireland, aged
7» yenr>. i
EfjTiTndF and acqualntancea are r»--spect-
fully Invited to attend the runeral to-morrow
¦ Wednesday), at a o'clock, from the runeral
parlors of McGinn Brcs.. Zlt-T-Q McAllister
•treot. ihcnce to .<t. I'atrlrk'x Church, where
a eolemn requiem mass will be ceSebrated
for the repose of his *oul, commencing at
l»:S0 o'clock. Interment Holy Crocs Ceme-
tery.
PALMEH- In this city. April 2. 1901, Thomas
Jefferson Palmer. be!ov«-d husband of Annie
Palmer, and lather of Charles K.> Henry L
Kdlth L. and Thorns* W. Palmer, a native
ot New York, aged 31 years 4 months and
3 days. A member of Fidelity Lodge Ko.
13(!, A. O. U. \V.
C7Friendx end acquaintances are respect-
1 fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday
April 6. ot 30:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
j«any, 2475 Mission Ftrect. near Twenty-fireu
Interment Cyprejw Lawn Cemetery.
REIER— In Oakland. Ca!., April 3. J004
Charlca 11.. beloved hueband of Klizabeth
lleier. father of Ethel and Caroline Reier
and ron of Mr*. Anna Ileter. a native of
New York, aged 43 > ran 9 month* and 22
day*.
CTTriend* and acquaintances ar» respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral - services
to-day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock," at his late
( residence, 508 Elrhth etreet, Oakland, CaL
Interment private.
RTTZWAXiER— In this crtjr. Aprfl 4, 1904,
Sarah, beloved wife of Solomon Rltxwaller,
mother of Robert and SeUg Ritewaller, daugh-
ter of Gabriel and Hannah Karski. and - sis-
ter of Abe, Charles and Martha Kareki. a
native of Etockton. Cal.. aged 33 years.
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 1622 Geary street, aod thence by
3:30 o'clock train to Hills of Eternity Cem-
etery for Interment.
RO.NET— In this city. April 2. 1904. Mary E.,
beloved wife of Frederic S. Roney. and
mother of Ethel and Frank Roney. a native
of Massachusetts, aged 37 years and 6 days.
ITTFriesdr and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday). Ap>U 6. at 10 o'clock, from her
late residence. 1721^4 Mission street, be-
tween Thirteenth and Fourteenth. Inter*
(cent Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ROSSITER— In this city. April 3. 19M, Mores
Rosslter, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years.
SMITH— In thU city. April 2, IW4, Omar W.
Smith, a native of Iowa, ared 27 years. A
member of the Brotherhood of Teamsters.
! (LTThe funeral will take, place to-day
t ("Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
! of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
1 Intenni-nt National Cemetery- -
ST. JOHN— In tbls city. April 2. JHOI, Hester
A. St. John, relict of H. G. St. John, and
mother of Mrs. C. H. Smitten, Mrs. L. W.
Smitten and Henry S. and Arthur B. Hi.
John, born In Setauket. Lons Island, Janus,
ary 6. 1S25.
ET" Funeral to-day (Tuesday) at 11
o'clock. from Westminster Presbyterian
Church, corner Page ant Webster etreets.
Interment private. Please omit flowers.
ST1JONG— In this city, April 3. 1904, John
Strong, a native of Vermont, aged 67 years.
TAPK£N— In this city, April 2. l»04. Fred-
erick TV. Tapken. beloved husband ; of
Anna H. Tapken. a native of BremerhaveD.
Germany, aged V4 yrars 5 months and 13
days. A member of Court Hubertus No. 15.
y. of A.. Lorely Unterstutzungs Vereln and
Vereln Elntracht.
E7FVlends and acquaintances are rezpect- ;
fully Invited to attend the' tuneral to-day
(Tuesday). April 5. at 2 o'clock, from '
Druids' /Hall. 413 Sutter street, between j
Stockton and Powril. Remain? at the par- '
lors o f H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Elsnth. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
WALI> — In Berkeley. Cal.. April 2, 1P04. Sarah
J. Wall, widow of the late Captain Thomas
"Wall, and mother of Dr. BenJ. P. Wall and
MIsk I.illle B. Wall, a native of New Bed-
ford. Mass., aced £2 yeara 1 month and 14
days.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
JtSHff tna l IL^w
Positirely cured by these
Uttle Pills.
They abo rcHcvc Distrc$3 from Dyspepsfc^
Indigestion aod Too Hearty Eating. Aper-
Ject remedj for Dizziness, Nausea, Drtytrsl-
a<iS3j Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongae
Pain in the Side, TORPID UVER. Thcf
Regulate tlie Bowels. Purely Vegetabky
Small PHI, Small Dose.
Small Price > ,
" OCEAN TBAVEL.
8 Steamers lea»e Broadwar
wharres. Pleri 9 and 11.
¦ San Francisco.
For Ketcftlkan. XCranjet
Juneau. Jialnes. EJtasuay.
etc.. Alaska— U a. m.. Apr.
3. 10. 15. -'0. 23. 30. May X
Change to Company's steam-
ers 'at Seattle.
For V:ciorla. Vancoaver.
Port Townsend, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Bel-
linKham— 11 a. m.. Apr. 5. 10. 15. 20. 25. .w.
May S. Change at Seattle to this company •
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. F.
Ry.
For Eureka ( HumboMt Bay)— Pomona. 1:3*
p. m.; Apr. 4, 10, 18. 22. 2S. May 4. Spokane,
1:30 p. m.. Apr. 1, 7. 13. 10. 25. May I. '
For Los Angeles <via I'ort Los Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rora. Sundays, !> n. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles fvla San Pedro and Kast
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, .San Simeon. Cayuco*. Port Harford (Saa
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Santa Cruz. 0 a. m.. Apr. 19. (Freight only.)
Bonita. 9 a. ro.. j»pr. 5. 13. 21. 29. May 7.
For Ensenarta, Magdatena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz^ Santa Ro-
calla. r Guaymaa «Mex.). 10 a. m., 7th each
month.. For further Information obtain folder.
Right is reserved to change steamers or eaillna;
dates. • r v *
TICKET OITICES — 4 New Montgora-*
ery St. (Palace Hotei>. li» Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st«
C. D. DUXANX. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market St., Fan Francisco-
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter st.. w!Il
call fcr and check baggage from hotels ana
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMEEICAIT X.X2H:.
Plymouth — Cherbourg 1 — Southampton.
From New Tork Saturday* at 8:30 a. m. ¦
Philadelphia ...Apr 2::[Germanic May 7
St. Louis April ;Wi!St. Paul May 1*
ATLANTIC TSaHSPORT LINE.
New Tork — London Street.
Minneapolis Apr. 23. noca
Mesaba 1 April .TO. 9 «. m.
Minnetcnka .". May 7. 11:30 a. m.
Minnehaha May 14. 4 p. m.
Only flr*t-cla!><« rassengers carried. -
DOMIHIOH LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage.
Kensington Apr XO|Pouthwark May It
Dominion May 7!Cana«la /.y ay "*
HOLLATID- AMERICA LUTE.
New Twin-Screw Steamers nf 12.500 Tons.
New York — Rotterdam. Via Boulosme.
Sailing Tuesdays at 10 a. m.
•Bynrtam Apr. iftjPotsdam May IO
1 Noordam Apr. CR 1 Rotterdam ...May 17
•Will call at Plymouth.
KHD STAB LIUE.
New York — Aatwerp-^ParH.
From New TorW Saturdays at 10:30 a. m.
Zeeland Apr. 2::j VaderlanJ May 7
Finland Apr. :>0|Kroonland ....May 14-
. WHITE STAB LINE.
New York — Qneeartowa — Liverpool.
Sailing Wednesdays.
Cedrie ..Apr. 'JO. S a. r.it Oceanic. May 4. D a.m.
Majestic.Apr.27,10 a.m.JTeutonlc.M'y 11,10 a.m
Arabic. Apr. '-*». 5 p. m.< Celtic. May 13. 4 p.m.
Boston — Queenstown — Liverpool.
Cymric Apr. 21. May 19. June If?
P.epubllc inew) Apr. 30. June 0. July 7
Cretic May 5. June 2. June "i>
BCTSTOH MEUITEBKANEAN SESVICE.
Azores. Gibraltar. Navies. Qraoa.
CANOPIO Apr. *J3. May 28. July 2
ROMANIC May 14. Jun* l^. July 30
C D TAYLOR, Paysenger Agent Pacific Coast,
21' Post St.. San Francisco.
SS^^JSs. MAWEILLES." GE.VQA^^!
ROMANIC Apr. $». May 11. June, is
CANOPIC Apr. 23. May 29. July 2
(Send for rates and illustrated booklet.) •
These steamers are the largest In the
Mediterranean service.
First claw, $'J5 upward.
Boston to Liverpool Q ».Stow,
CYMRIC Apr. 21. May 19, June 1G
REPITBL1C (new).. Apr. 30. June 0. July 7
CRETIC May ft. June 2. June 30
Firet cla?«. $00 and $U5 upward. accord-
Ing to steamer. For plans.etc.. addres3
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific
Coast. 21 Pest St.. San Francisco.
J4amburg~j£mericani
Semi-Weekly Twin Screw Service. • .
' For Plymouth. Cherbourg. Hatnbursr.
THE OBIAT OCEAN PLYES.
S. S. Deutschiand
, CS6'i feet long — 23U knots average speetf. '
Sails Apr. 7. May 12. June 9, July 7.
•Deutschiand.... Apl. "(Pretoria Apl. 2TI
Patricia Apl. O|t»Bluecher J Apl 2.H
Belgravia Apl. 16|WaIder*ee Art. T.n
A. Victoria Apl. 21it«Moltke M^y 5
•Grill room and tgymnaslum on board.
HAMBTJRG-AIIEKICAN LZNS.
Offices 35 and 37 Broadwar. New York.
HERZOG & CO.. 401 CALIFORNIA ST.
O. R. & N. CO.
OREGON sails Arril 7. 17. 27. May 7, 1T
and 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails April 12. 22.
May 2. 12 and 22. Only steamshiD line to
PORTLAND. OR-, and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all points. Steamer tickets include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear St.. at
11 a. m. S. F. BOOTH, Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept., 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Acent ' Frelrht Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
oceanic8.s.co.gii»i
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thur.. Apr. 14, 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Apr. 23. >1 a.m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 23, 11 a.m.
I.D.SPEICXELS irBHOS. COL,AztS.,TittH OfflCB 643 Xar-
XetSL, might Oulcg 329 Mattel si. Piar 7, Pacil: sl .
v #»^ KOSMOS LINE.
g^tyW • (Magellan Route.)
|^iiy*J Passenger Service— Through Wlth-
\iSmt/9 out Change.
JwA P. S. "AMASIS." 7000 ton*.
Captain C. Jansen, sailing from,
San Francisco on or about April 20. 1904, for
London Hamburg and ¦ all principal portj in,
Mexico. Central and South America: For raTtea
and particulars apply a.t passenger office, 641
Market •t^or^k M GRAY. Manager.
.^ 320 Mark«t St.. Stan Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GEKEKALE TKANiATLANTIQTSL
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.'
bulling every Thursday Instead of. w^Tfyvi
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, >«¦«?•
North Illrer,".- foot of. Morton st.
First cl«*«;to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
KRAL AGENCY FOR UNITED .VTATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CoC Pacl3c Coast
Agent*. R Montgomery , avenue.' .Jan Francisco.-
Tlfkrt* snM by all Railroad Ticket 'Agenta.
Mare Island and Vallejo Steamers.-
Steamer CEN. FRISB1E or MONTICKLLO—
R'.4S ». m., .*» : 1 r> and S::nt p. m.. except Sunday.
Pund«y, 9:43 n. m.. !*:r»o p. m. Leave Vallejo,
T a. m.. 12:3l> and A p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare. 60 cental
Tel. MaIii 13AS. . Pi«r 2. MUslon-rt. ft^k.
HATCH BROS.RENO. Nev., April 4. — George A.
Clark; a tramp, .was shot here thi3 af
ternoon while attempting to steal a
ride, on an eastbound freight train.
Brakeman Bosko ordered him, and
others oft the train. Clark" showed
flght," drew a, knife and attemDted to
stab Bosko. , The brakeman drew a
revolver and shot the tramp in thi
leg. He was taken to the hospital and
the brakeman placed under arrtst. ¦
TRt\3lP DRAWS KXIFE
AND BRAKEMAX SHOOTS
Exchange and Bullion. , ¦
Sterling Exchange, sixty days..,. ;— . $4 85%
aterlinB Exchange 'sight. '...;,— .4 88.
I Sterling Exchange. • cables'.-;...'.. .' — . 4 S9
New York Exchange, sight.. :...'..-.— :. .12%
Jfew York Exchange, telegraphic. •' —>. :•-:-! 5.
Silver, per ounce. ....•.•'..••.•••'•..— '.,' 55%
Metlcan Dollars, nominal.. ....... .-— -45^
¦Wheat and Other Grains.
I WHEAT — There were no foreign 'quotations,
as the European exchanges were not In Bes
eion. The world's shipments , for the -week
were as< follows. In quarters: : Russian, 258,- !
000; Danubian, 149,000; Argentine,- 380,000; 1
Indian, 151.D0O; Australian, 127,000. The j
American visible supply decreased 784,000 bush
ejs. ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦-:.; j
/ Mitchell, Mulcahy & Co.'s wires from Chi
cago said: "The foreign situation In Wheat I
Is not changing. Europe continues Independ
ent of America. Argentine, Australia and In
dia are shipping largely. The Missouri State |
crop report gives a condition of 81, against 91
last April and a ten-year average of 94.-. The
Ohio condition Is 67, against 69 March 1 and
96 last year."
In this market futures were lower, but the
cash grain remained unchanged.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 37%©1 45; California
White Australian. $1 50@l 60; Northern Club.
$135@l-42%; Northern , Bluestem, $1 50@l 55
/.FUTURES. ._
i Session 9 to 11 :30 ,a; ro.
• • Open. \ High. -Low. Close.
May $1 SS $138 $138 $13(1
December .. 133 1 33 1 32& 1 32%
¦ 2 p. m. Session, j
Open! High. Low. '¦ Close.
May $1 35% $1 36% $1 35% $1 35%
December .. 1 32*4 1 32>4 1 32% 1 32%
BARLEY — The week opened with a slight!
decline In the cash grain, but futures showed!
no particular change. Talk on 'Change was !
that four of the five firms who are heavily
. short on May* are selling persistently -from
their tables in order to break the May option,
but the latter la In strong hands and well held.
Tlie shipment taken out for Japan by the i
Coptic on Saturday was 533 tons. Instead of |
5330 tons, as incorrectly stated.
CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1 10@'l 12%;' Shipping and brewing,
$1 17%@1 20; Chevalier. »*1 156 1 »'5 for fair
to choice. .
FUTURES. .
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 10 $1 10 $1 10 $1 K)
December .. 99 99 98% 9S%
2 p. m.ySeesion.
No sales.
OATS — There was a very. fair local Jobbing
demand yesterday and one house worked oh }
about 1500 Backs of 'Red at $130 on the morn
ing cession of the Exchange. . ¦ -
White. $1 -J7%&1 J7V...; Black. $1 25®1 35;
Red $1 2501 35; Gray. $1 32% per ctl.
CORN— All descriptions remain as before
quoted, with a quiet market.
Western Backed. 51 35(31 40 for Yellow,
$1 32%@1 40 for White and $1 30#l 35 for
Mixed; California, large yellow, $135@142%;
small round do, ?1 50@l 55- AThlte, $1 40@l 45
per ctl; EiyDtlan, $1 40Q-1 50 for white and
Si 27%61 30 for brown.
RYE— $1 30@l 32% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75(&2 per ctU
Flour and Millstuffs.
f FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 80®
6 MO, usual terms;. Bakers' Extras, $4> 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, jobbing at $3 S5©4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour,
17; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats $4 50; Hominy, $4@4 26; Buckwheat
Flour '$* 30®4 75; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. $3 50; Rolled
Oats, bbls. $7 25©S CO; In sacks, $6 75®8 10;
Pearl Barley $u; Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas. $5 50 per 1C0 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Bran Is very firm and In good demand; with
moderate offerings. Middlings remain as be
fore, quoted. Hay is steady at previous prices.
. BRAN— $19@20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— SJW2V SO per ton. :
SHORTS-*-$19@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFKfc— Rolled Barley. $24@25 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the, mill. $29 50@31;
Jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; 1 Corn
Meal $29 50@30 50; Cracked Corn. $30031;
Mixed Feed, $21@22; Horse Beans, $30®
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed. 90c per- ctl.
HAY— Wheat. $15@17; Wheat and Oat.
$14 50@16 50; Oat. $14@16; Barley. $13@15;
Stock. $12 50®13 60; Alfalfa. $12 50@14 . per
ton.
STRAW— 50@75c per bale.
Beans and Steeds.
Lima and Small White Beans are quoted a
ehade lower and weak at the decline. The
other descriptions ¦ are unchanged.
BEANS— Bayr*.' $2 35«f2 50; Pea. $.103 25;
Butters $3.50®3 75; small White, $2 90@3 10;
large White. $2 '0502 75: 'Pink.. $3 IWW-i 50;
Red. $4 50; Lima. $3 20@3 25; Red Kidneys.
$4 50@5: Blackeye, $2®2 15 per ctl; Horse "
Beans. *2@2 50. '
SEEDS — Brown Mustard. $3 75@4; Yellow
Mustard. $3@3 25; Flax; $1 S0@l 90; Canary,
6%G?5%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 14%@16a: Rape
l%@2c; Timothy. C@C%c; Hemp. 3%©4c per
lb; Millet. 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20@21
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye, $3 per ctl; Nlles,
$3 ?5; Green. $363 25.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetable*.
The Potato market was very much excited,'
as receipts were comparatively light and hold- i
trs were firm In . their ' views : and "- lndifterent '•
about selling at prevailing prices... River.Bur
banks were quoted higher and I the j best offer
ings were closely cleaned. up at the top quota- I
tlon The Oregon steamer brought down 6170
sacks, only a small portion of which had been :
marketed up to a late hour, Fancy, stock waa
eagerly sought after by Jobbers, who were an
ticipating a higher range of prices, and such
offerings met with ¦ ready sale as soon- as un
loaded. Stocks of Onions were In limited sup
rly and ruled firm at sharply advanced prices.
Receipts were -7 f J5 s sacks, nearly all of. which
were brought down by the Oregon. steamer.
•'¦ The demand for Asparagus was • less urgent
than on Saturday and -prices, for all grades
wers shaded. Receipts were, nearly 1000 boxes,
and, although there was no demand for ship
ping, the market was steady at the revised
quotations, and there was very little left on
hand at; the 'close." Rhubarb arrived freely
and was In fair request at, the previously quot-'
ed .rates.. Tftmatoes ; were . offering freely , at
easier • prices. String Beans, , Egg Plant and :
Summer Squash ' were In ¦ scant supply.
. - POTATOES — Burbanks from . the • river. $1 20
©1 30 per . ctl; Oregon '* Burbanks, • $1 80@l 00
per ctl; River Red*. ¦- $l®r 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed.- 00c®$l : 10 ¦ per.ctl;
Garnet Chiles. $1©1 25. per. ctl: Early Rose,
$1 .'I5ffl 50 per ctl;. new Potatoes, 2%@3%c per
pound.--. ¦ ' ' r ¦•/'*{•-'• ; "-'¦-'. ..,'•.¦--
ONIONS— Yellow, - $2 75@3 per ctl for fan-"
cy r Oreeon i and $3 SO&S .75 .. for Australian;
Green Onions. ¦ 4(Va*50c per box.. . ¦ .. .-..,- ....
VEGETABLES— Asparagus." 8®flc'per lb for
extra, 6®7c for No. 1 and 4@5c for No. 2; Rhu-
' General Merchandise.
: BAGS— Grain Bags. 5%cispot and 5%c June-
July; San Qucntln.. $5 40: Wool, Bags, 32@35c;
Fleece .Twine, 7©8c.f., : --y- ¦ ¦
- COAL — Wellington, ¦ $8 . per ton; New , Wel
lington, $S: Seattle, *6 50; Bryant. $6 50; Bea
ver Hlll,-i$6:''Btanford."$7::;Ho«lyn.--»$7; 1 ' Coos
Bay, $5 60; Greta, $7: Wallsend.i$7; Richmond.
$7, 50; Cumberland. . $13 . in bulk and $14 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14:
Welsh Anthracite r Egg.\ *13;«- Welsh. Lump,
$11 50: Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 5O©13
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun-
1. The following quotations are. for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, less 50
per cent! shrinkage for Cattle: • ¦ .
. CATTLE^ — Steers. - S@9c; ' . Cows , and Heifers,
7®8c: thin Cows. 4@5c per lb. T - .-. ¦. .; ¦¦•
CALVES— 4©4#c- per lb (gross weight)..
SHEEP — Wethers, 4 s ,4@3V4c; Ewes. 4V4@^%c
per Ib (gross weight).' •. .- .. v ¦-.,'¦ i'":-v - V-.
LAMB — Spring, 15©16c per lb.
' HOOS— Live Hogs. 140 to 200 lbs. 5T4<g6c;
over 200 lbs. ; 6%@5%o; -soft Hogs. 494®5V4c;
Sows. 20 per cent off; Boars, 60 per cent oft,
and Stags, ; 40 per 'cent oft from above quota
tions. : - ; : : ~ v\ -
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
art 1 as follown: ' •'
BEEF — 7%@8V4c for Steers and 7®7^c per
lb for Cowe - s
¦ ¦ VEALr^-Carge. . 8%©9o: small. 8l£@9Hc per
pound. . "¦ . • •
MUTTON— Wethers. 9V4@10%c: Ewes. 0^9
lOc'per lb. : ¦ " » ¦ • ' ¦ , .
LAMB— 15@16c per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs. 6%®0c per lb.
The week opened with no material change
In prices beyond a slight advance In the in
side quotation -for Beef. • Receipts - of - Hog*
were reported rather In excess of the demand
and the market .was Inclined to easiness in
consequence. ; . " '
Meat Market.
To-morrow the Fraternal. Order. of
Eagles will soar at the Chutes. San
Francisco Aerie No. 5 has secured
possession of the spacious place of en
tertainment for the night.
Great times are promised. In ad
dition to the regular attractions it is
darkly hinted that melodrama and
tragedy will be presented by leading
members of the order, whose histri
onic ability has been bottled up here
tofore *by lack of opportunity.
The following compose the coni
mittee that has charge of the affair:
Thomas H. Lindsay, chairman; Gus
tave Pohlmann. Jerome. A.
Bassity, president; John S. Parry.
George L Sharp, T. J. Clancy. James
L,. Nagle, Thomas I. Dillon, J. P.
Byrne, David Becker, Ernest Bohlen,
Frank Johnson, James E. Mee, Wil
liam Ahlstrand, Charles McClain. J.
C. O'Connor. Charles Mitchell. W. C.
Kramer, Eugene Casserly. Sam Son
nenfeld/ Mart McGowan, Charles E.
Corey, Gus Holmgren. John McKenna
arid Daniel O'Connell.
Theater To-Morrow.
Aerlc No. 5 of This City Promises
Great Sport on -Grounds and in
NEW YORK. April 4. — Speculators who have
been trifling for two weeks in the confident be
*litf that they knew the inside facts of the
Northern Securities settlement were nonplused
to-dar by th* terras of the petition of the
\;nlon Pacific interest* for aa injunction
cjr-iinst the distribution of Northern Securities
¦ sseta oa the plan proposed. It has been ex
.X>e<-t*4 that some judicial opinion would be in
vited on the proposed plan, but the question
of legality In the substitution of collateral for
the Northern Securities stock now held against
the Oregon Short Line bond issue waa the only
one which has been admitted to be an issue, in
view of the protestations from all interests
concerned that perfect unity and harmony ex
isted. But a perusal of the petition makes so
strong an impression of a conflict of hostile in
trreets- that sentiment in the stock market was
upeft. So far :rom an appearance of resigna
tion to the community of Interest In control
of Northern Pacific, the Union Pacific's conten
tion in&cated a> determination to conserve Jts
control of the Northern Pacific line secured in
1801 at sucb disastrous consequences to the
stock tnarkrt In reners.1. This condition was
•o at variance with V he Impression industri
ously cultivated In the ato?k market for the
last two weeks that apprehension of a conflict
between the <wo powerful rivals which might
extend to the securities mirket was revived.
'The eupponitloRt used to explain the recent
large buying of Union Pacific were decided to
be grmindlee* and the (surmises of the market
ktiifted back to the hypothesis of competitive
buylna tor control. Demand for Union Pacific
was asraln conspicuous to-day and carried the
price at one time aa high as 90. The atock's
*-a!n on the day was 3U on total sales of 1S9.
810 shares. It was or.!y momentarily below
Saturday's cloae on the reaction which fol
lowed the opening bnlre. and was carried
hlirher by successive buying orders. The
opening break In the general list wan partly
repalred in sympathy with. the first strength of
Union Pacinc. bat the persistence and the vol
ume of the demand for that stock awakened
the fears of the traders and the general list
wa* fitnrgloh and heavy for the rest of the day.
«. Pad waa tno«t acutely affected by the
openlnr break. a» It has been most actively
¦peculated In on the unwarranted assumption
of the coora* «f the Northern Securities settle'
ment. Other nctaWe movement* ecened to be
toe to tpedal (tut*. United Jutec Steel pre-
New York Stock Market.
NEW. TOKK. April 4. — Close: Money on
call — Khj>>. l'r^l^ percent; closing bid, IVs;
offered. 1%.
Time loan* — Easy; sixty days, "* t !a 3 per
cent; warty day*. 3; six months. r,\?<i4.
«
Xezv York Money Market.
EL\GLKS WILX. KXTERTAIX
ITRIENDS AT THE CHUTES
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands selt
atcut %®le under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers. fl%c: medium. 8%c; light, 7%c; Cow
Hides. 8c' for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip. 9c: Salted Veal, 10c; Salted
Calf, lie: dry Hides. 15016c: dry Kip. 13a; dry
Calf 18c: Sheepskins, shearlings. 25®30c each;
short Wool 40<3C5c each r medium. 70@90c: long
Wool. $l<il 50; -Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
lnnte and $2S2 60. for medium. $1 25®1 75 for
small and 50c for Colts. Horse: Hides, dry.
$1 75 tor large and $1 50 for medium. $1@1 25
for small anfi 50c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c: dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
35c; small. 20c.
TALLOW — No. l;renderefl. 4%@4%c per Ib;
No. 2. 3%®4c; grease. 2%@:tc. - : . . -:
WOOL— Spnng clip — San Joaquln and South
ern, 12 months'. 0®llc; do 7 months'. 8@10c
24@27c per Ib for California,. 1903,
and 17%@20c for 0 crop of 1904. • • .¦
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
The Chicago market was slightly lower and
this market was dull. According to Fair
banks' statement, the world's^ stocks of Lard
April 1 were 250, 6S8 tierces, against 239,05-1
March 1 and 123.231 April 1. 1903.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10%c per lb for
heavy 10%c for light medium, 13c for light.
13%c for extra llcht and 15c for ..sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; California
Hams 12<312%c: Mess Beef. $10 50011 per bbl:
extra Mess. $11 50012: Family. $12 60(313;
prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear. $24^25:
Mess, $1S: Dry Salted Pork. 10%c; Pig
Pork, $27: Jpigs' Feet. $5; Smoked Beef, Uc
per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6% c per lb for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9%c; 10-lb tins. 9?ic; 5-lp tins. 9%c; 3-lb tins.
10c. ¦' ¦•¦
> COTTOLENE — One half barrel. 9%c; three
half barre's. 9c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
S%c: five tierces. S%c per lb.
Provisions.
CHICAGO, April 4.— Prospects of rain caus
ed general veiling of wheat to-day. All cereals
closed weak, July wheat being down l«»@l^ie;
corn was off l@lVic. and oats show a less
of l*gc. Provisions closed 20@22Hc higher. '
Predictions of favorable weather caused a
bearish sentiment In the wheat pit at the
opening. The July delivery was Vi@Vic to
Vi®*»c lower at 87 \* to S7%c. For a time the
market- held around the opening uguree, but
lack of any strong support soon began to be
felt and prices started downward. The fact
that foreign grain markets were closed to-day
tended to restrict the volume of trading, as
did the approaching holiday here toi-morrow.
The absence of the usual activity In the pit.
in itself, was a depressing influence. Weak
ness in a!l cash grains, after recent strength.
took any remaining enthusiasm out of the
bulls and caused considerable liquidation of
lour wheat. The declines in Northwestern
ni«iket« were another element In the situation
that encouraged sellers. Pit traders hammered
tht- market persistently throughout the day,
notwithstanding the moderately bullish crop
rei>crts from Missouri and Ohio. Final quo
tations on July were at fc69»,c. after the price
hs-d touched SC'4c May ranged between JH' 3 c
and Miic closing at »4%c. .
The early corn market was steady on a
moderate commission houso demand, but
toward the r.<x>n hour avselling movement set
In that caused s. severe break.' July opened
tnrhan-ed to >*& %c lower at 53V4(£53V(iC t-J
53H.C After selling between 52»«c and 53%c
the clone was at 5-%@52%c. May ranged be
tv/een 55 Vic and 57^c and closed at oOc.
The owt market was subjected to a raid
early in the session, heavy selling of the May
option by rit traders and commission houses
causing much weakness. The close was weak
and at the bottom. After opening %QK t c
lower at 3!»%®:iyi4c July sold between 38c
and SO^c and closed at .ISc. May ranged be
tween 3»%c and 4iai©41%c. closing at 39%c.
Provisions were weak under the Influence of
liberal erlllng by packers. A marked In
crease in contract stocks of pork and • lard
was the principal cause of the selling pres
sure, although the weakness In grains had
some effect. Covering by shorts checked the
declining tendency. The market, closed easy
with July pork down 2Otfj22V»c; July lard was
off 7>^«^10c, and ribs closed 10c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May B8V4 961& 94>4 »4*i
July (old) H9M, 895* 87% 87H
July (new) 87% 87 ft 86U 86s?
Sept (old) 83 83% bl^ 81%
Sept (new) 81% Sl?4 80H 80&
Corn No. 2—
May 57 57}* 55% 58
July B3% 53% r>2?i 52%
September .... 52& 02% 51 «4 51 »;
Oats No. 2—
May 41»i 417ft 39% 3fl«i
July .... •'B>'4 39»4 3ft 38
September .... 33 33 32 32^4
Mess Pork, per bbl —
May W »3 13 87% 13 05 13 10
July 13 50 ,13 55 13 25 13 32U
Lard, rer 100 lbs — .
May fl 95 ft m ¦ 6 no . ft 92U
July 7 17% 7 17% 7 07% 7 10
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May ...'.......« 92% « 92% 6 f>5 6 R5
July ..7 10 7 12% '7 00 7 00
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Aiirll 4. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, steady; No. 2 spring whea*..
P2@»0c; No. 3. 87©8flc; No. 2 red, D5c(gl 02:
No. 2 corn. 55*4<j56%c: No. 2 yellow, 65%©
5Cc: No 2 oats. 39%«39%c; No. 3 white, 41 -V
#44c; No. /2 rye. 7O@71c; good feeding bar
l«y. 38040c; fair- to" choice ¦ malting. - 45<g55c;
No. I flax seed. ?1 09: No. 1 Northwestern,
$1 10: prime timothy seed, $2 85: mess pork,
per ' bbl., ?13 lo«il3 12%; lard, per 100 lbs.,
St. 82%@G 85; short ribs, sides (loose), $Q <J2%
66 75; ehort clear sides (boxed). *7 23^7 50;
wMlskey, basis of high wines, $1 28; clover,
contract grade, $10 50®I0 60.
Articles-- * <- > Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels. 31.000 21.000
Wheat, bushels 20,000 K5.800
Corn, bushels ........... .203.500 - 62.000
Oats, bushels .;.... ..108.700 . 159,400
R>-e. bushels 7.600 5.600
Barley, bushels ........... 44,700 .. 46,200
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. April 4.— -On /the v produce >x
chanre • to-day the butter market ' was- easy;
creameries, 14624c ; dairy. 12%@21c; eggs easy
Future Grain and Provisions.
I Board of Trade of San Francisco, $1000;
Shreve & Co.. $150; Miller & Lux. $100; Mar
j phy. Grant A Co.. $100; Colonel A. Andrew*.
I $100; Pacific Pine Company, $1CO; Alameda
Sugar Company, $100; Tillmann & Bendel, f 10O;
M. J. Brandenfteln. $50; Sperry Flour Com
pany, $50; California Gas and Electric Com
pany. |50; Blake. Moffitt & Town", $50; Gulf
' Bag Company, $50; cash. $50; ' Welch & Co..
*,-¦<>; Associated Oil Company. $50; City I-and
: Company, S50; SchlllinE Company. $50; Cali
j fornia Powder Works, $50; Kohler & Cha*e.
$50: Pacific Coast Syrup Company, $25; Gam
osl Glove Company, $25; Cali£o«nia Stock an 1
i Oil Exchange. $25: Gardiner Mill Company.
i $25; Uhl Bros., $25; Sussman, Wormser Com
! pany, $25; Ci C. ¦ Moore & Co.. $25; Pelton,
i Water Wheel Company. $25; Henry A. Schulz.
$25; Jackson's Napa Soda. $25: White Bros..
$25: H. M. - Newhall Company. $25; T. . C.
Jitdkinn. $25; A. I. McNIcoll Elevator Com
pany, $2T>; Illinois Glass Works, ?2."»; California
Pine Box and lumber Company, $25^ Imperial
Salt Company. $25; W. K. Vandersllce Com
pany. $25; California Glue Works. $25; J. C.
Johnson &. Co.. $25; Benjamin Curtax & Co..
$25; Maskey'n. .$25; Wiley B. Allen Company.
*2O; Bass-Hueter Paint Compatty. J2O; N.
Gray A Co.. $20: John Hoey. $2O; V. Van
Bergen * Co.. $20; Pierce & Co.. $20: Pa
cifU: Surety Company. $20: Mount Shasta Min
eral Springs Company. $2O;-Becker A Ransch
kolb. ?20; Byron Mauzy. «15;H. H. HJul, $13.
San Francisco Board of Trade I.<*nils
tbc List With Contribution of
One Thousand Dollars.
The largest contribution to date for
the San Francisco building and ex
hibit at St. Louis is from the Board of
Trade of San Francisco, amounting
to $1000. Among other recent sub
scriptions for the' San Francisco exhi
bition fund are the following:
SUBSCRIBE TO SECURE
i^ ; EXHIBIT AT ST. LOUIS
| EASTERN MABKETS. |
Wheat Exports in March.
In March the exports of Wheat from Pan
I"mrci«co by fea were as follow* :
To — Centals. Vnlue*.
Great Britain SS.!»«rt $12«.n.V.t
Jiawalian Islands 1.302 2A'.5
«~cr.tral America 100 174
Tahiti 49 7C
P Totals 90.417 fl2S.3fU
Ir. March. 3903. the export* were 595.257
rental*, valued »t $917,881. Australia headed
ihe lint in tlut month, the shipments to th»
catav aggregating 37&.49S cental*, valued fit
BCSX38T. lj»«t month cne whole and two part
cargoes ¦aer* cleared all for Great Britain,
mh!le in Uarrh, 1903, there were six clear
ances for AuMralia. three for South Africa and
cne for Grvat Britain.
Exports of Barky.
Tti» exix'rts of Barley from San Francisco
by «*a ;n March w«re as follow* :
To — Cental*. Values.
Gr-at Britain 113.C.H $l37.4t-5
liau-a-. Island* 42R3» WV859
Japan 32.a:S ;;.;.2'"
Australia 4.7»n 8.100
TaMtl 380 4^7
«>nt™! America 10S 200
Mexico 12 16
Totals ISX£X4 $233,307
Th» featui* of thf trade last month was the
heavy pun-hefting by the Japanese Govern
ment lor the us* of the army in the war
aga!n;t Ruwla. The steamer Coptic, which
railed on the ?d inst.. took out 10.65* centals,
snd larger shipment* will soon follow.
In March. 1903. the exports were 76.607
o*ma]«. valued at $33,337.
Weather Report.
* <I20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. April 4—5 r. m.
The foHowlng are the seasonal rainfall* to
(".a'r. a* oompured with those of same date last
reason, and rainfall in Ust twenty-fou» hour*:
Last This La Ft
-¦.t .— f — 24 hour*, reason, season.
Kurekfc O.OO 58.16 49.23
11*4 Wufl 0.00 27.45 22.77
baeanwBto o.oo 15.84 16.41
Baa Francisco 0.00 I!».«i2 18.11
Kr«-.:o 0.00 6.64 8.13
Independence O.(H» 2.55 2.15
t^r, Lvis Obiapo O.«i0 13.83 17.29
Uoc An*reie» 0.00 7.73 16.28
8»tn Dieco 0.00 4.09 10. &s>
THE COAST RECORD.
2 2 g C 5 3
2 SB 53 1% g
6TATIONS. J «3 a§ b
? » 3 Z. • ? x
eel '• 5
L_i_ s : •• :
' I'-»ker SO. 34 B2 30 SW Cloudy Tr".
• ••rs-jn SO. 22 «O ia> NW Clear ...
Kureka 30.40 &S 38 NW Clear
Frv»no :».2S •« 42 NW Clear ...
t=.E. rcral!on.30.2» 53 SO NW Pt.Cldy ...
J-'lasstafT 29.98 tiO 24 \V Clear
I'oratello 30.22 52 42 SW Clear .06
Independence .30.10 OS 42 NW Clear
I>os Angeles. .30. 10 «S 4S NW Clear
:.t "*»n-.a:pa us..** 1 . J1 5S 31 NW Clear
ttorOl Head... 30.30 52 42 PE Cloudy .11
Phoenix ...:..2».>4 .84 48 SW . Oear
I'ojat Re;cs. .30.28 £5 45 NW. Pt.Cldy ...
fcrYrtland 30.28 M 42 S Cloudy .04
Pk«1 Eluff 30.24 70 « N Oir ...
Roscbunt 30.34 60 40 NW Cloudy ...
te»c-rameiitc- ..30. 24 «56 44 NW Clear
Pa It Lake 40 ...
Saa rnindtfo.30.31 63 48 TV Clear
Ban L. Obtspo.30.18 70 48 N Claar
€*n Di«so 30. C4 C2 62 NW Clear
battle 30.30 36 3* S Pl.<"ldy Tr.
fpokaar S0.S2 62 32 S Cloudy ...
Tatoosh 30.22 4S 38 SW Cloudy .10
%Vai!a Wails... 30. 32 5S 38 E Pt.Cldy Tr.
Winnemuccs. .30.2ti 56 34 NW Clear ...
T':mi 2».ft6 R8 52 N Clear
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure continue* high over the entire
western half of the country. Fair, pleasant
«eatWcr prevails throughout California, and
¦ lipM sbo»ers arc reported in Oregon and
Washington.
The temperature has risen frem 8 to 10 de
grees over Neveda and eastern California.
The river* continue to fall slowly. Th» fol
2<iwir.p (stage* are reported: Coiusa. 22.7, Tall
in*. TeJiama, 10.0, stationary;
23. S. falling ; Marywille. I*-*, falling; San
J--««quin bridge. 13.5, on a rtand.
Forecast made ot San FVanclsco for thirty
h^urm ending midniRrbt. April 5:
Northern C*!Iforni», — Fair Tuesday; light
northerly winds.
Boottwn Cnllforn!* — Fair Tuesday; light
north winds.
* Nevada — Fair Tuesday.
Fan Krancisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
k l:ght north wind, changing to -wejrterly. .
W A. CS. McADIE. District Forecaster.
FRUIT— Apricots. 8%@104c for Royals and
9S12e for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4%®
6c: sun-dried, C*M4c; Peaches. 54©74c;
Pears J5-H4C: Nectarines, nominal; Figs,
white! S@4o in boxes; black. 4»4c; Plums,
pitted, 6&80 per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2Vi®2%c for the four
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades. • 50-lb cases — 2
crown Loose Muscatels. 5%c per lb;
3-crown. 5%c; 4-crown, 6%c; Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4V4c; Seedless floated. 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose. 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached.' 44c; Seedless.
Thompsons, unbleached, 5^c. Layers, per 20
lb box— 6-crown Imperial clusters, $3; 5-crown
Debesa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters,
$2 - 3-crown- London Layers, $1 35; 2-crown
London Layers. ?1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy I6-01
carton?, per lb, 7*4c: fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. «*4c; fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 74c;
choice 16-oz cartons, per lb. 7',sc; choice 12-oz
cartons, oer package, CVic; choice bulk 1 car
tons, oer.lb. 7Vic: 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per lb, 7c;. 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb. 5%c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 6»ic.
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 13H@14c-
No 2 ll%@12c. No. 1 hardshell. 13©134c;
No' 2' 11©11%c; Almonds, ll%c for Nonpa
relis llHc fcr I X L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9 1 Ac for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for
Eastern: Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 10@lHAc for white and .SV4
694c for amber:. water white extracted. 5@
SKc: Jlght amber extracted, 44@4*4c; dark,
3V.f?4c.
BEESWAX-27®29c per lb.
Dried FriTUs,Nuts,Raisins,Hone\.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
MONDAY. April 4— 2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.l Bid.Ask.
4s qr coup.,107%108 |4s qr cp new.l3:i 1334
4» qr reg... 107*4108 |3s qr coup... 107 107*4
. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — |O T Co 68.119% —
BayCPC 5s. — 10241 Do 5s 1104 —
Cal C G 5a. — 104%| Do con 5s..lO14 —
Cal G & E g |Oceanlc S.5s. — 75
m & ct 5s. — 86 lOm Cable 6s. — 1244
Cal-st C 5s.ll6%im4lPac G Im 4s. — 96
C C Wat 5s. — 100V4IP E Ry 5s.l04%105Vi
Ed L & P 6s. — 130 - |P & C H 6s.lOl» 105
F & C H 6s.ll4»4 — |P & O R 6s.ll6 —
Geary-st 5s.. — — |Powell-st 6s. — —
H C&S 54B.100 — |Sac EG&R5s. — 100l{
Do 5s — 98%iSF & SJVB9.I1C 116U
Hon R T 6s.lOtf}4 — Sierra R 6s. 112 —
L A Elec 5s. 105 | S P of A 6s
L A Ry 58.1104 — I <l»0»> KW41074
L A L Co 6s — — I (1910) .....107U10S
Do gtd 6s. — — P P of C 6s
Do gtd 5S.1024 — t (1905)Sr A/101 94 —
LAP lem 5S.100H — (1905)Sr B. 102*4 —
Mkt-et C 6f>. — . 119 (1906) .....1044 —
Do lem 5s. — 114% (1912) — II64
MV& MtT's.104 — SPC 1 eg 58.113 119
NR of C6s. 1064108 Do stmpd..lOft —
Do 5g .... — 117 S P B R 6S.131 —
N P C R 58.105 — IS V AVat 63.1044105
N C Ry 58.10ft — I Do 4s. 2dm. 99% —
N C P C 5s. 99 102 ! Do 4s 3dm. 09H100
N S R R 5s. — 10OV4 Stkn G&E6s. — OS
O G L&H 5S.10C — lUOft E 5s. — 105
O W gtd 5s. — — I :
' WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35% 37- |Port Costa... — —
Marln Co... — (i2U|S V Wat Co. 30 30%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3 - 3%!S F G & E. JSVs 5.8%
Mutual E L. «% 10 I Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 50 — [U. G & E Co. 20 32 t
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES. . .
SFG&E. — — I *
INSURANCE. ¦
Flrem's Fnd.310 337%| "'' '¦'¦:', V
BANK STOCKS.
AmNtl Bk. — 125 |L P & A....152tf —
Anglo-Cal .. 874 — IMer Trust... — 220
Bank of Cal.4284440 .|Merch Ex.... -— —
Cal Safe Dp.145 150 IS F Natlonl. — ' —
First Natlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS. )
Ger S & L.2225 — !Sav & L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — I fee Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co..' — —
S F Sav U.625" — I ¦ .J^.
STREET RAILROADS. .
California;.— 200 I Presidio .....— 42«4|
Geary ...... — 80 |
POWDER.
/Slant C0*i 61 IVlgorlt — 5
SuGAR.
Hana P Co. — 40c IKliauea S C. 34 —
Hawaiian C. 49*4 — iMakawell C. 214 —
Honokaa S C 12*4 W^lOnomea S C. — 27 4
Hutch S P C 9% O^lfaauhau S C. 13*4 HJi
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. — ,— ICceanic S Co. — 4%
Cal F C A. 97 I Pac Aux FA. 54 —
Cal Wine A. — 94 |Pac C Borx.168 —
MVft MtTm.100 — I
- , Morning S-esslon. .. V ']'.-.:
20 Alaska Packers* Asan... 145 00
"10 Contra Costa Water 30 00
25 Giant Powder Con 61 00
Street —
200 S F Gas and Electric 58 00
/ Afternoon Session. ¦
Board — '..•*•. '
10 Contra - Costa Water 36 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial Sugar 50 00
$5000 Market-st Ry 1st con 5s 114 00
10 S F Gas and Electric - 58 25
$1000 S F & S J V 5s 11« 00
Street — . <"-v : '
50 S F Gas and Electric 58 25
Unlisted Securities.
— — - - ¦' " '•
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Ask.
Bay CPC fls. 974 — |S P C R 4s. — 100
B L Wat fcs.lOO — S P Co 443. 99 —
Cal NW iis.lOS^nOVilSun Tel 6s. .113 —
RIs I Wks5s — 107V 2 |Suttr-st R5s.lO5 113
SF Drdk 5s — 113% UR of SF 4s. 774 78
SF & NP 5s.lllV4 — I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 23 25 1* | Mat Nav Co. 60 . 89*
Cal Cot Mils 86 — INev Nat Bk.1874 —
C Jockey Cl. 99 120 |N S RR:.. 9}4 -^
Cal Powder. 120 140 |N Cal P Co. 10 11
Cal Ship Co. 16 30 |Oak Bk Sav.1124 —
Cal T I & T. — V~> lOak T Con.. 75 —
Ceri Bk Oak 63% — IOOF Hair A 6 —
Chute* Co .. 6 7 Orpheum Co. 144 1314
City & C Bk 112 Pac S Tel.. 101 —
East- Dynm.150. 250 Paraf ¦ Paint. 38 —
DpntPwd pfd 75 90 1 8 F Drydock 60 —
Do com .. 40 — SF & SJ Coal 20 —
FN Bk Oak.120 S J V.'at Co. — IOC
Fischer" Thtr. 14 l*i;SO & MTgbt — lt r 5
Frnch-A Bk.105 — I Swlas-A Bk.113 —
Gas on A.. 104 21 1 Truck Elect. 10 —
Hon P Co.. 11% — rUR InC pfd. 43 —
Lon& SF Bk. — -60 1 Do com ..9 — •_'.
Morning Sesston.
I $11,000 ifnlted RRofS F.............. 77 75
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. . Asked.
Alma 125
Apollo ¦...........•.- '¦. . 45
Associated Tnut Cert 19 20
1 Aztec/ S. -• 75
i Caribou '. 2 65 : -- •*• •>
CantraPPoint Con ......... 60 ' ....
! Chicago Crude 21 ..-..
¦ Claremont . . — • ; . • "60 85
Esperanra 1 25 _^-— ....
Four - 65 • .....'
Fulton .......... . ... 100 ....
Giant '-¦' .;...... 17
Hanford ....175 00 200 00
f Home -.;.... 1524 155
Imperial' is 00
Independence \. 20 ..;. .
Junction 15 ....
Kern 8 00 -5 25 '
Kern River"... ••• 10 00 ...".
I Lion :.:...' ••• — Cl ....
Monarqh of Arizona. ....... 4f> «
Monte Cristo 80 . 82*4
! Occidental of W Va:.......: 11 :
i Oil City Petroleum .'..... 40
Peerless ' 14 00
Pittsburg •••• .20
Senator .......'..'... «,C0 ....
'sovereign ...... ...:..... M3 : ¦ •¦ ....
Sterling "..".'; ...;:..........'• 2 75
1 Superior 03 ,
Thirty-three 7 50'
[Toltec..... •• 19
Twenty-eight ..".....-....600
Associated Bonds .'. 794
. : Miscellaneous —
; Fischer's. Theater ........... 125 ....
Northern ¦ Cal Power ...... 10- 62 V4 ....
sales. assjiaa|BaEB|a|ti
Morning ' Session.
, Board— '¦*' '
100 Home ,. 1 58
Receipts' of Oranges' were the; heaviest for
. some -little while back, aggregating . 12 cars, 9
of ; which • were ,recetvpd .by the auction com
pany and; the other three by. merchants In the
open ! market-v The' choice j and- fancy grades
of Navels, were 'lower ~ as a result of the In
creased receipts, despite a steady demand,;both
for local use and for shipping account. Stand
'ard Navels were In. good request among .ped
dlers and small storekeepers, and close clear
ances of that grade were effected at the • pre
viously quoted rates.'- Small and medium sized
fruit had the most call, large fruit, wfelch
had previously been In demand, being plentiful
and easleV.- The auction sale was . well at
tended, and, as In the open market, standards
were the best sellers. Nine cars were eold as
follows: Extra fancy Redlands, $1 65@1 95;
ordinary fancy, $1 25@1 75; choice, $1@1 35;
standard, 80c<6$l 10.
Mexican Limes were quoted lower, as-stocks
were large and liberal quantities are on the
way to this market.' The other Citrus fruits
were unchanged. . •
Apples and Bananas were steady at the pre
viously quoted rates. . ¦ "¦
APPLES — $2@2 25 per box for extra fancy,
$1 50@l 75 for ordinary fancy. 90c<g$l 25 for
choice and 60@75c for common.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50-3
2 for ¦ fancy, $1@1 65 for choice and 90c@
$1 25 for standard: Tangerines. $1 25@1 75 per
box; Lemons %X 75(S2 60 for fancy. $1 25@1 60
for choice and 75c@$l for standard: Grape
Fruit. $1@2; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50 per
case; 'Bananas, $11? 2 per bunch for Hawaiian
and $1 60@2 25 for Central American; Ptne
applea. $2@3 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Yesterday was another quiet day on the
different exchanges and fluctuations. were gen
erally few arid narrow.
Recent assessments are: Coallnga Pacific
Oil and Gas. 10c delinquent May 2: Nlpomo
Orchard and Packing "- Company, $3, delin
quent-May 2. ' ¦
The Pennsylvania M. ' D. Oil Company as
sessment of 5c per share, amounting to $7750,
fell delinquent yesterday. .
# : *
Oil, Mining and Local Stocks
Quiet and Featureless.
LOCAL MAEEETS.
STOCK MAEKET.
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
Bonds— f Mining —
AU-hison 4s 93 %| Adventure 2%
Do ad.f 4« hS'^IAllouez 4%
Mex Cent 4r G3%|Amal Copper .... 4'J
Railroads—- tAmer Zinc 10»i
! Atchison 71*i|Atlantlc • 8
J Do pfd OlUIBingham 22
j Boeton & Albany.245 K'alumet' & Hecla.458,
Boston & Ma!n£.l«;<l ICentennial 19%
Boston Elev 139 (Copper Range ... 42%
Kitchburg pfd 139 .1 Daly West 25"4
1 Mex Central 9*i|Dom Coal K>
X Y. N H & H.ilMM,*, Franklin .- 7%
Pfre Marquctte.. 78 |(5rancy 2%
Union Pacific ... SSTslIfle Royale 7
Miscellaneous — JMas* Mining .... 4
Amer Arge Chem. 13 | Michigan 54
Do pfd 72%|Mohawk 40U
Amer Pneu Tube. 4*4|Mont Coal & C' 2\i
Amer Sugar .:..12<HilOld Dominion ... 14
Do pfd 1254|O!<ceola 5SV6
Amer Tel & Tel. 126 I Parrot .-. 25
Amer V.'oolen .'.. 10«4IQuincy 82.
Do pfd 74*ilShannon S
Com Iron & S... 8%|Tamarack ICO
Ed Elect Ilium. . 1354 iTrlnity 4
Gen Electric ....1624! U S Mining 20*4
Ma^s Electric... IRVilU S Oil 9%
Do pfd 73 flTtnb ....*.;..." 33%
Mass Gas ...^..3a I Victoria 3-
I'nlted Fruit 1004IWinona OiJ
Un Shoe Maclr. .. 474) Wolverine 7l'
Do pfd ........ 28 Ml ¦¦ ,
New York Cotton Market. "
NEW TORK, April 4— COTTON— Futures
closed steady and unchanged to 19 points
higher. • ¦ '^ , " .
Ne7v York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. April 4.— FLOUR— Receipts,
3S.000 barrels; exports. 2U.70O barrels. Market
dull and lower to sell. ¦ ¦- ¦>
WHE"A i — Receipts, 67.000 bushels. Spot
market easy.- No. 2 red. $104% nominal ele
vator and . $1 05%@l 08% nominal f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $104% nominal
f. o. b. afloat. Pronounced weakness was the
feature In wheat all day. Under heavy step
lots selling, inspired by depression In the
•Northwest, prices broke nearly 2c 'a -bushel.
The close was dull at l%@14c. net decline.
May closed at 9C%c; July, 92c; September,
84V.C.
HOPS— <iuiet.
HIDES— Steady ,
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Easy. V
SUGAR — Raw, firm; molasses sugar, 2 29-32c;
refined, firm. " • .
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 Invoice,
6*4c; mild, 6t<?ady; Cordova,*' 10013c. The
market for coffee futures closed steady at un
changed prices to an advance of 5 points. Sales,
49.000 bags. Including: May, 5.60c; September,
6.05@6.10c; December. 0.40c.
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
steady, with prices for prime strong. Com
mon. 4654c: prime, 6^i@55ic; choice, 6'/4@
V'.ic; fancy, 7@7 4c.
PRUNES — Are moving ' slowly and rule
rather easy, with quotations ranging from 3',ic
to 0»4c according to grade.
PEACHES AND APRICOTS— Are pretty
well cleaned up and quotations are largely
nominal. Choice apricots are quoted at 9V&&
10c.- extra choice, 10U@104c: fancy. ll@13c.
Peaches, 7%074c for choice. 7?4@8%c for ex
tra choice and 9 46 10c for fancy.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK April 4. — The metal markets
were all closed again in London to-day for
the EaMer holidays and consequently no offl- ;
clal advices were received here — a fact which
had a tendency to curtail trading locally to
pome extent, but in a general way the mar
kets ruled firm. Tin was firm, with spot I
closing at $28 374<Jj 28 50. Copper also shows '
firmnesF. Lake, $13-S13 25; electrolytic
$12 87 4ISJ13 124, and casting Is quoted at
$12 624*312 874- Exports of copper for the
months, according to the compilation of the
New York Metal Exchange, were 22.C67 tons
elnce January 1; €8,833 tons, against 32,354
tons for the same period last year. L«ad was
firm, but unchanged, at 4.60<S6.6r>c. Spelter
was firm at recent prices, closing at'5.15®5.25/:.
Iron waF firm with demand Improving. No. 1
foundry northern, $15 254715 75; No. 2 foun
dry, northern. $14 75@15 25; No. 1 foundry
southern and" No. 1 foundry southern soft,
$14 25© 14 75.
Visible Grain Supply:
NEW YORK. April 4.— The visible supply
of grain Saturday. April 2, as compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange was a»' follows:
Wheat — 31,725,000 bushels; decrease, 784,000
bushels. Corn — 9,679,000 bushels; decrease,
371.«00 bushels. OatP — 10.494.000 bushels; in
crease. 138,000 bushels. Rye — 949,000 bushels;
decrease, 31,000 bushels. Barley, 3,172,000
bushels; decrease, 228,000 bushels.
I ferr«>d reflected the nr.xiety over the showing of
I parnfng* to be made by the quarterly state-
I ment. due to-morrow. Amalgamated Copper
and Sugar weakerxvi sharply without explana
tion. A Fiuall engagpment of gold for export
was announced, and the holiday in London was
supposed to curtail the activity of the ex
change murket on which the gold movement
i depends. Weekly reports of railroad traffic
¦ officials w^re Romewhat restrained in the ex-
I prcfsiuns o j gatisfaction with the traffic out
¦ look.
The bond market was quite active and some
what irregular. Total sales, par value, $3,191.
000.
United States 2s advanced M per cent on call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Open. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 24,000 <2 71 J^ 7f^i
Alchison pfd 600 95?i 91>i 01%
Bait & Ohio 6,900 7«*i 78.^ 7»i a
Bait & Ohio pfd 8»
Canadian pacific. 800 115 114^4 114 fi
Cent of N J 155
CheFa & Ohio .. l.bOO S3Vs 32Vi 32! s
Chi & Alton ... i 37Va
Chi & Alton pfd 61
Chicago A G W.. 80.700 17% 15H 1«14
Chicago & N W. 1(10 170% 170% 170
Chi. M * St P.. 20.200 144^ 142*4 144H
C M * St P pfd : 174V*
Chi Term & Trans \ 9«i
Chi T & T pfd - 19ij
C, C. C & St L v 74"*
Colo Southern 16
Colo South let pfd 200 534 &3Vs «2^
Colo South 24 pfd 23
Dela & Hudson.. 2,100 153H 151 14 152%
Del. L*ck & W • 267
Denver & Rio G. 6t«> 20» 4 20 20* 4
D«n & Rio G pfd 100 70^ 70U 69=} t
Erie »,2O<) 26H 25\ 26
Erie 1st pfd 1,300 64 «3 63»i
Erie 2d nfd 200 40\» 40 40
Hocking Valley 734
Hocking Val pfd. 8O»4
Illinois Central .. l.OOf) 1304 129** 1R0
Irwa Cf-ntral 200 18»s IS 18H
Icwa Cent r»fd .. 100 34 4 . 344 34
K C Southern 4OO 184 IS 1S%
K C South pfd .. 60") 35S 844 354
Louip & Nash ... 4.300 1O8«4 107% lOKi^
Mcchattan L 300 142»4 142 142
Mrtropol Seour 784
Metro SI Ry 1.500 112 lllVi 1H»4
Minn & St L 45
M, Pt P & S S M 2!X> 62 61% 61 4
M.StP & SS Mpfd 119
Missouri Pacific... 14.8o>> 93 924 "2*;
Miss. Kan & Tex 17Vi
M. Kan & Tex pfd 3*Vi
Na RR cf Mex pfd 100 3S 38 37 \
N Y Central 5"Ct 117U 116Vi 116^,
Norfolk & West.. 500 58 5S 58
ICorfoJk & W pfd • 8"
Northern Securities '. - - . &>\i
Ontario & West.. SOO 21% 2H4 21 S
P^nsylvania 24,100 118 l t HT% H"%
P, O C t ft L 60
Reading 20,200 44% 43*i 44
Reading 1st pfdr-. 77H-
Reading 2d j.fd f-»
Rock Island . to. .. 9.700 23U 224 224
Rock Island Co pfd 3O0 634 62% 624
Si L & SF 2d pfd 600 464 45*4 46
St Louis S W ..... -V... 13%
St Lnuig S W pfd 300 33*4 33% 33%
Southern Pacific .. 2.«0O 49*4 48Vi 43%
Southern Railway. 2,7«f» 22V4 21"» 22H
Southern Rail pfd 40O M4 S4 84V4
Texas & Pacific 23%
Toledo. St L & W. 200 25'4 »% 244
Tol. St L & W pfd 200 35 35 34 »4
Union Pacific 8».»OO 90 M^i 89
Union Pacific pfd. 6.100 »4Vi 924 83%
Wabash 200 18Tfc 18% 18%
WabaFh pfd 1.9f»O 37% 3«14 37V4
Wheeling * L E.. 40O 164 1«4 lC'-i
Wisconsin Cent ... 6<»0 IR4 18 lsVi
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 100 41 41 40H
Express Companies —
Adams •••• 22°
American 180
United State* 105
Welly-Fargo • 205
Miscellaneous —
Amalgam Cor>P«»r.. le.S^O 49% 4SH 48%
Am <"ar & Found.. 100 2O'i 20>,i 20
Am Car & Fpfd.. 400 724 72% 7214
Am Cnttcft OH 2!>4
Am Cctton Oil pfd SS
American Ice 100 7 7 6*4
American Ice pfd 26' »
Am LfMf<"l Oil 84
j Am Linseed Oil pfd 28%
! Anfr Locomotive 214
Amer Loco r.fd... r,00 P2*4 P24 82U
Am Smelt & Ref.. 2Of» 49»4 4"Vi 49V4
Am S & Ref pM.. 500 »3% JTT 8.1
Am Sugar Ref 10.300 127% 126 12<?4
j Anaconda MSn Co.. 100 67 C7 6*
Hrklyn Rap Trans. 8.400 44 4:54 434
I Colo Fuel & Iron.. v 1»OO 29 2*14 28
Consolldalfd Gas... 1.200 198% 198 1984
Corn Product* 1.000 13*i 13% 134
Corn Products pfd C8U
Distillers' Sees 244
General Electric... 300 163 1G3 162%
International Paper 114
Intrrntl Paper pfd. 200 67 . 66 «0
International Pump 37
Interntl Pump pfd 754
National L*»ad 1414
North Ampriean S4
Pariflc Mail 1<V> 27*4 27*4 27«4
J Penplp> O«s 27.300 88% 85% 98
Pr»iiB«l Ft»»l Cir 284
I PrPSfcd S Car pfd •»
Pullman Pnlao<» Car 209
Republic Fteel . 000 7% 7% 7*4
n-rpuhllc Bteel pfd. <W0 44% 43% 43
Rubber Goods »>0 39% 19% 19«i
tlubber Goods pfd.. . 100 79*4 "0*4 78
Tenn Coal Sr Iron.. «00 33 3S% 38*4
t: P Leather 20O 6% 6% 6%
V S Leather pfd 774
r S Realty 400 C% 6 6
US' Realty pfd SW M% 60% Wfi
V S Rubber r.Of) 14*4 J* 3"5T«
'US Rubber pfd... . r >S% r»<54 6r*»
1 r s Kt»>el «.K00 11 10% 10^4
! n S Steel pfd 50.000 59 584 5S%
i \\>?tin«house Elec lfiO .
Western Union 300 8S% 8S% 88%
Tot al «a les 072. 800 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. April 4. — Bond transaction*
United Railways of San Francisco: $10,000 at
774.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
American Can, common, 4^64%; preferred,
! 3ri'i<8SCU.
NEW YORK BONDS.
I U S ref 2s reg..U'5%|L & N uned 4«. 89
Do coupon 105%|Man con gold 4s. 101%
: Do 3s rrg 10r.»4!Mex Cent 4a 644
Do coupon 107 I Do 1st Inc 13%
Do new 4s reg.l32%|Mlnn & St L 4s. !*i
! Do coupon 133 iM. K & Tex 4s. .1004
j Do old 4s reg.107% Do 2d« 78
Do coupon 1C7HINR of Mex con 4s 74
! Atch gen 4s flS^IN Y C gen 3%s.. 9S\i
Do adj 4* 8»UIN J C g»>n Ss 128%.
! Atlantic C L 4s. 92 U Nor Pacific 4s ...102%
I Cal & Ohio 4»...100Hh Do 3s 72
I Do 34 ¦ 1M% Nor & W con 4s. 07^4
> Onir*l of Ga 5«.1O7 |OSL '4s & partlc. 94%
Do 1st Inc C8 |Pa y conv :;>4s.... 9Z,%
i Ch«-s & Ohio 44«.1O2 Reading gen 4s.. O6»4
I Chi & Alton :t4s. 7tJ4 S L & I M con 5s.lK>4
i C B & Q new 4s. 81 a L & S F fg 4«. 82%
CiM & SP gn 4«.1O7*4 St Louis SW l«ts. 94 K
I C & NW con 7s. 1 29 K\ Seaboard A L 4s. 1:8
|C R I & Pac 4s. 70%'So Pacific 4s S94
¦ Do col 5s ?8>V! So Railway 5s...ll2>4
! C.C.C & SLirn 48.101 ITcx & Pac lMv.lli;--,
j Chi Term 4s 80 IT. St L & W 4b. C8
Cons Tobacco 4s. $to%\ t'nlon Pac 4s.... 103%
{ Colo & So 4s 85% Do conv 4» ....100'
j Colo F & 1 71 US Steel 2d 5s.. 754
J T>en & Rio G 4s. OS Wabash 1*U 116%
1 Erie prior lien 4«. 3741 ' Do deb B «o%
j Do gen 4s R54IW & L Erie 4s.. 874
F W & D C lstn.105V 4 !\Vi« Cent 4s «>»-.
I Hock \>1 4>A#-.. 10541
! NKW YORK MINING STOCKS.
I Adam« Con...... 20 Little Chief ofi
! Allc* SO Ontario ;. 4 SO
Brc*c« 10 Onhlr ............ 5 75
I Bruns Con «'4| Phoenix - 05
Com Tunnel — . 09,Poto»i 24
Con Cal &. Va... J £.".. Savage ...;.. 68
Horn Silver I 25|. Sierra Nev........ si
Iron Silver 1 85! Smell Hopes .... 15
Loadvllle Con ..." 02iStandard 2 W)
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— TU S Steel.... 11%
Call loans 240SVJ Do pfd 5*14
[Time !oan» ... 3 %@4#| Westing Common. SO
{ St.r-Louis IVoolrMarket.
ST.- LOUIS, April 4.— Wool— Steady. Medium
grades, combing and clothing, . 18@22c: light
line, : 15J?17Hc; heavy fine, ¦ 12®14U C ; tub
washed, 20@31c. < „. . ¦ v
Northern IV heat Market.
"\ OREGON.'" * s . '.''¦
PORTLAND. v April ' 4,-^WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 74c; Bluestem, 80c;, Valley,. SOc.- ,
i -WASHINGTON. \' ./ ;'
TACOMA, April 14.— WHEAT— Steady,' un
changed. Bluestem, 1 83c; Club, 75c. . -
Northern Business. . ;: :
SEATTLE, April 4.— Clearings, 1 ••.' $615,738;
balances. $128,784. ...
TACOMA, April 4.— Clearings, g $302,400;
balances. J41.168. . . . • -¦ ¦ •
PORTLAND, .April 4.— Clearings, $642,407;
balances, ?44,4S0. ' .. " - -, *\ .
¦SPOKANE, Ar>rll . 4. — Clearings, $429,6S9;
balances, $84,508. : ; .
Flour qr sks... 4,122|Straw. tons 15
Wheat, ctls 3,5451 Wool. , bales 50
Barley, ctls 5.043lHldes, No 4S8
Beans eks 1021 Pelts. No 1 815
Corn, ' ctls ..... 373| Leather, rolls ... 166
Rye ctls ....... 325!Chlcory. bbls ... 50
Middlings, sks.. 140! Lime, bbls- 1S2
Potatoes sks ... 2. 1871 Quicksilver, flsks. 3
Onions, sks 40', Raisins, cases .. 500
Bran sks 1.515ISugar. ctls 2,000
Hay. tons 600! Wine, gals 33,350
• OREGON^
Flour qr ska... 7,045i Potatoes, sks ... 6.170
Wheat, ctls 571|Onions, sks 755
FOR MONDAY, APRIL 4.
Receipts of Produce.
• Eggs opened about* lc • lower and easy at
the decline, with large stocks. The market
was reported quiet and featureless. , .'
. Receipts were 47.U00 lbs -Butter. 1473 cases
Eggs and 17,200 lbs Cheese. . • ¦ '"¦ ..
J BUTTER — Creamery ¦ at ¦ . first hands, » 20c
for extras and 19c for firsts; dairy.. 15® 19c;
store Butter; nominal ; cold storage, nominal.
CHEESE — 8V4@9c.i for good to -choice new
and 768c for lower grades; .Young Americas,
9%@>0c;, Eastern; 15@l(Jc; Western, 14@15o
•per lb. •¦ .' . ¦ - . ¦ ; -. '¦
- . EGGS— Ranch;'' 18@19c fo^fralr to choice;
store. 16@17&c. per dozen.
Most dealehs - quoted Butter squarely down
to 20c . yesterday for the general run of busi
'neas. though small sales at 21c were reported.
The feeling was not as weak as it has been,
a« (dealers say • that at 20c stocks can b«i
moved off readily. " whereas at 21c. they could
not.' Stocks were ample for all requirements,
but there was no complaint of any very heavy
surplus. /Shipping orders are light now, hav
ing been either canceled or. cut in two during
the past 'week. . \ .
\ There ..la no change whatever In -Cheese.-
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
100 Home . | j 57;!
150 Independence .* " »o '
lmt Occidental , " u
25 Caribou • ". . . . 2 Go
'-'i'~-- ¦ Afternoon Session.
Board
200 Home 1 55
3 Hanford 175 tw
Street—
5000 Associated, s 10 19 ¦'•"
60C0 Associated, s 10 20
1CC0 Independence 20
tMinine Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the salea on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Bullion 09j 30O Savage 5*
00O Caledonia 1 25f 5<>O Savage 65
50 Con C &.V...2 00! 100 Scorpion 14
500 Con C & V...1 95! 700 Scorpion IS
500 Exchequer ... 201 100 Scorpion Its
6C0 Mexican 2 Mi fOO Seg Belcher... It—
100 Ophlr 6 2.".! SCO Sierra Nev .. 7*
2UO Overman 24] 400 Union Con ... 85
500 Potosi 26; 200 Yellow Jacket. 33
Afternoon Session.
400 Andes . .¦ 47] 100 Overman 23
2C0 Bullion lOi 30O Savage M
500 Bullion 09! 200 Scorpion 14
800 Chollar 20j 3CQ sierra Nev ... 7,'»
500 Con C & V...1 »0i 300 Siefra Nev ... 7*
5C0 Exchequer ... 20| 70O Valon Con ... 90
ftOO Mexican 2 50 1 200 Union Con ... «?
1<K) Occidental ... 89| 200 Utah 20
100 Ophlr 5 87% | 20O "Yellow Jacket. 32
200 Ophlr 5 751
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session..
200 Belcher 2*5 1 300 Mextcan 2 60
3M> Caledonia ..1 22%| 100 Ophir 6 25
700 Chollar ...... 2U| 100 Savage 55
100 Con C & V.I 92%| 200 Scorpion 15
200 Crown Point.. 101240*) Scorpion 1*
600 Exchequer ... 1I»| 10O Seg Belcher.... 14
fi«o Exchequer ... 20' 10O Union Con .. 0*
100 Mexican 2 65| 100 Union Con .. 97
2C0 Mexican ...2«2Vi! 200 Utah 20
Afternoon Session.
1200 Bullion 10! l(i« Mexican 2 50
300 Cbollar 211 200 Ophir « CO
10O Con C & V...1 00| 21H) Savage ........ 55
200 Crown Point.. 19| 50»> Seorplon ..'.... 16
100 Mextcan 2 5-ii 2<X> Scorpion ...... 15
100 Mexican ...2 52^1 ICO Seg Belcher... 14
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were tb» sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Sesston.
650 MacNamara . ia|1500 Mont Ton ...1 40
JOflO MacNamara . 20|.i«C0 Mont Ton ...1 33
500 Mont Ton.. 1 42ViI V*> Ton of Nev... 7 75
Afternoon Session.
100 MacNamara . 400 Ton Belmont. . 80
200 Mont Ton ..1 37Vi!ifcfO Ton & Gt W. OK
300 Mont Ton 1 35UC0O Ton Midway.. 38
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. April 4 — * p. m.
Bid. A3*. ! Bld.Ask.
Alpha 08 lOjJustlce 03 Ot
Alta o* Ut>;Kentuck 02 OS
Andes 46 48' K. Graessler.. SO —
Belcher 2T> 27; Lady Wash .. — C«
Best &. Belch. 2 CO 2 50! Mexican 2 45 2 50
Bullion ...... 09 lOlOccldental .... S6 88
Caledonia 1 20 1 25IOphlr 5 75 « CO
Challenge ... 30 .T2iOverman 22 2:t
Chollar 20 21lPoto»l 26 .27
Confidence ... 06 1 PO! Scorpion 14 15
Con C & V...1 S3 1 00[ Savage 54 JU
Con Imperial. 02 03 1 Peg Belcher... 13 t4
Con N Y 02 OllSierra Nev ... 71 71
Crown Point.. 18 20 Silver Hill ... 58 53
E Sierra Nev. 05 ' — ' St I-nuls 10 13
Eureka Gon.. — 50J5yndicate Ot Oft
Kxcbequer ... 20 21!ITnion Con ... 88 90
Gould & Cur. 42 43! Utah 1!> 21
Hale & Norc. R8 92i Yellow Jacket. 32 34
Julia 03 (!4!
TONOPAH MINES.
Eaperanza • .. — OlITon Belmont.. 59 »5O
Little Ton .. 22 — ITon & Cal — 21
MacNimara'. 10 . 20! Tan & Grt W. — 00
Mlz Ex — 25 Ton of Nev.7 50 T 87^
Mont Ton ..I 32% — Ton N Star. 30 .11
Paymaster ... 06 08 Ton Midway.. 36 37
Ray Ton ... 10 14iTon Superior.. — 12
Ray ft'O'B.'. OSfUnited Ton ..10 —
Resctfe 07 OS! West End ..19 ZS
•A car of Western Poultry was on sale and
cleaned up well at steady prices. As usual on
Monday, the receipts of domestic were very
light and prices of most descriptions were
nominally,' unchanged. . Carrled-over lots of
Email Broilers ' were cleaned up at the Inside
quotation. Game met with a sluggish demand
and nearly air descriptions were quoted lower.
POULTRY— Live - Turkeys. . 10ffil«c per lb;
Geese, per pair, $202 25; Go?llngs,; $2@2 23;
Ducks. $5 50@G 50 per dozen for old and $6 500
7 60 . for young; Hens,. $7@S ' for large and
$5 50@6 50 for small ; young Roosters. - $7 5CW?
8 60: old Roostere. $5@6; Fryers. $5 50@8:
Broilers $4 50<85 for large and $2@3 50 for
/mall; .Pigeons, $1 23@1 50 per dozen for old
and $2 50@2 75 for Squabs.
GAME — Gray Geese, $2 50@3 .per dozen;
White Geese, 75c@$l 50; Brant, $1@1 50; Hon
kers, ,$4@5; English Snipe. $3@3 50; common
Snipe. $150@2; Rabbits. $1 50 for -Cottontails
and $1@1 25 for Brush; Hare, $1.
Poultry and Game.
Miscellaneous Markets. |
CHICAGO, April 4.— CATTLE — Receipts,
2200. Strong. Good to prime steers, $5 25®
5 SO; , poor to medium, $3 50@5; stockers and
feeder*. $2 50©4 25; cows. .$1 75®4 25; heifers.
$2(04 50; canners, $1 75@2 50; bulls, $2@4;
calves. $2 50@5 50; Texas fed steers, $4@4 00.
HOGS— Receipts: To-day, -32, 000; to-morrow,
25.C0C. Steady, 5c higher. Mixed and butchers,
$5 20@5 45; good to choice heavy. $5 3005 47%:
rough heavy. $5 2C@5 35; light, $5 15@5 35; bulk
of Faleti $5 25© 5 35.
SHEEP — Receipts, 22,000. Sheep and lambs
strong. Good to choice weathers. $1 75@5 40;
fair to choice mixed, $3 50i@>4 50; • Western
sheep, $4 50tt5 40; native lambs, $4 50® 5 90;
Western Iambs. 14 70@5 96. - • • •.
CHICAGO
Livestock Market.
barb.' 65c©$l 15 • per, box; '¦ Green ¦ Peasv 2%@4c
per lb: String Beans. 12%@17%c per lb: Toma
toes,- 75c@$l 50 • per box t or, crate for Los ' An
geles .and $1 50@2 for Mexican; • Summer
Squash from Lcs Angeles. *1@1 50 per box;
Cabbage; $1 10 per ctl; Carrots. 50c . Per sack:
Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 50(82 ¦: per dozen . for
large and $1©1 25 for. small; Garlic, 15c per
lb; Egg Plant, 20@25c per lb; . Dried Pep
pers. h<USc per lb tor Stockton nn'l ltMflll'-':
for southern: Dried Okra, 12%@15c' per lb;
Green Peppers (Mexican). . 20@25c per lb; Green
Peppers (Lob Angeles). 15@17Vic per lb; Mush
rooms, 20@^5c per lb; Marrowfat Squash, 1@
l'Ac per lb; liubbard, %c per lb.
. SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.e5c:
Powdered. 5.50c; Candy Granulated, 5.50c;
Dry Granulated, fine, 5.40c: Dry Granu
lated, coarse. 5.40c: Fruit Granulated. 5.46c;
lleet Granulated (100-lb bags only). 3.30c;
Confectioners' A. 8.40c;- Magnolia A. 8c:
Extra ,C. 4.00c; Golden C. 4.80c: "D."
4.70c; barrels, 10c more; half barrels. 25c more;
boxes, 00c more: 60-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets — Half barrels, 6.90c; boxes,
6.15c; H. & E. Crystal Domlnos. 8.40c per Ib.
No orders taken for less than eeventy-nve bar
rels or its equivalent.
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per Ions ton, . according to brand. .
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for case*,
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon, for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil." In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. $1 10@112; Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut, 60@70c per gallon;
Cccoanut OH In barrels, 68c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. S5c.: natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. 65c: natural Whale
Oil. COc; -extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil. 60c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. <5e;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c; light Herring Oil.
45c; dark. Herring Oil, 43c: Salmon Oil. 38c:
ooiled Fish Oil. 40c; raw Fish Oil, 3Sc; boiled
Paint Oil. 35c: raw Paint Oil. 33c:
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH. in bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil. In cases, 20%c: Astral. 20%c:
Star. 20% c; Extra Star. 24%c: Elaine. 26%c;
Eocene. 23%c; Deodorized •¦ Stove Gasoline^ In
bulk, 16c: In cases, 22%c; Benzine, In bulk.
13c: In cases, 1'jUc: 86-degree Gasoline in
bulk. 25c: in cases Sic.
TURPENTINE- 84c Der gallon In cases and
78c In drums and Iron barrels. •
RED AND WHITE LEAD — Red Lead, J®
7%c per Ib; White Lead, 7@7%c, according to
quantity.
at mark, cases Included, 165<i@16%c; cheese,
easy, OfclOV-c. , . : '
ELGIN, 111.. April 4. — Butter— No offerings
or saUs. Official market declared 24 %c. Total
sales in the district for the week were 420,000
pounds. ¦ • .' •
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL;V 'TUESDAY; ; APRIL 5. 19Di:
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks fractionally lower. Cotton higher.
S : !:rr a:;d Exchange rates not materially changed.
Local Siocks and Bonds inactive and featureless.
Europe independent of American Wheat at present.
'Barley freely offered to depress the May option.
Oats and Corn in fair demand and firmly held.
Bran and Middlings firm and Hay in steady position.
Lima and small white Beans a shade lozver.
Provisions quiet, with large stocks of Lard.
Butter slightly lower, but less depressed. Cheese unchanged.
Eggs sell off a cent, with stocks la r ge.
Beef firm. Receipts of Hogs reported ample.
Potatoes and Onions higher and very firm. Asparagus lower.
Poultry in light supply and steady. Game neglected and lower.
Oranges and Limes in larger supply aifd lower.
15
AUCTION SALES
TO BE AUCT1OTXTZD OTT TUESDAY.
• AF2XIX. S.
At" 11 a. m.. IU» FOLSOM ST.
48 GOOD WORK and DRIVING HORSES,
witb harness. Including a fine span o? black*,
large truck horses, fine buggy and work horser.
camp wagons, buggies, surreys, carts and
vehicles or every description. To be sold by
order ot Stockton Improvement Company.
¦'- WM. CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
fe ¦;-¦•: & ' £*
at 11 a. m.. I will sell 5<> head of good work
horses. JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.WASHINGTON. April 4.— Postmaster Gen
eral Payne will leave Thursday for Old Point
Comfort, Va., to recuperate from his protract
ed illness. :
Stock certificates and seal 'presses at short
notice. Ed«. S. Knowlen. 24 Second ' rt. :• ;
Margaret Frahm, a widow, 82 years
old, died suddenly yesterday morning
at her home, 907 Geary street, pre
sumably, of heart failure, she having
been a sufferer from that infirmity for
some time. N,V',:
Aged Woman Dies Suddenly.
Our I frame department is showing ' a
new line of frames in gilt, gold and art
nouveau. Best values. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Alfred W. Cooley. United States
Civil Service Commissioner of Wash
ington, D. C, and Elliott H. Goodwin,
secretary of the National Civil Service
Iteform League of New York, are ex
pected to arrive in this city on
April 13.
Civil Service Officials Coming:.
In the proceedings instituted in the
United States Circuit Court against the
Mountain Copper Company Limited of
Keswick, Shasta County, to enjoin that
corporation from destroying the grow
ing timber on the .forest reserve in
that neighborhood by fumes from its
smelters, counsel for the Government
yesterday withdrew the application
for an injunction pendente lite with
out prejudice until the final hearing of
the case on its merits is had. The
copper company has agreed to pay the
Government for the loss incurred.
Copper Mine Relieved.
Murine Eye Remedy. A home cure for
Eye troubles. Never, fails to 'win friends.
Used for i infant and adult. Murine
doesn't smart. It soothes and cures •
H. C. Ford, in 1898 a clerk at the
ferry postofflce, gave some unimrjort
ant testimony regarding the manner of
handling packages and a conversation
held with John P. Dunnigan, the man
who claimed to have noticed the pack
age of candy in the mails on August 4,
1898, addressed to Mrs. John P. Dun
ning, Dover, Del. This morning the
defense will introduce , its . remaining
witnesses, which will close the case
from Mrs. Botkin's standpoint. ¦
The defendant kept proceedings
waiting for a few minutes yesterday
by reason of her tardiness. Evidently
the strain ia telling on her, as she
was more ; excitable and nervous than
at any previous hearing, even when
the , prosecution was bringing -out its
full array of damaging circumstances.
In addition to her sister. Rev. N. C.
McClure, one of her brothers-in-law,
sat with her. during the day and when
Robarts had finished his testimony he
Joined the group with the defendant
,|_ _ . __i
paper regarding the sailing of steam
ers from Eureka to this city in the
month' of June, 1897.
J. F. Walkington, cashier of the
City of Paris, where Mrs. Botkin is al
leged to have purchased the handker
chief inclosed in the box of poisoned
candy, testified as to the manner of
recording sales In that establishment
and said that he had failed to find'any
record of such a sale by Mrs. Isaac
Tuchler, as was claimed by the prose
cution. Frank Lee, shipping clerk of
the store, testified that his records
failed to show . the delivery of the
package to the defendant "at the Vic
toria Hotel. ;>^
Engineer John J. O'Neill, who was
injured in the Poodle Dog restaurant
building by the explosion of an am
monia tank last Saturday evening,
died of his injuries yesterday morning
at his residence, 7 08 A Lombard street.
O'Neill was a native of Pennsylvania,
59 years old.
O'Xeill's Injuries Fatal.
Try Piso'B Cure for asthma. It often re
lieves at once. All druggists. 25c. ' *
Walls* . affidavit aa read ; is undoubt
edly the hit of the defense. Presum
ably he is a disinterested . party,
friendly to the Pennington f ami ly and
to the physicians who testified against
the" defendant. The fact that the
candy in evidence and alleged' y : to
have been sent by Mrs. Botkin in ;this
city to Mrs. Dunning.never came into
the' view; of the Coroner- until i inter
ested parties had secured . an analysis
of it and kept it in their possession
for one week before submitting it to
the Coroner's Jury, .'andj the r further
fact that^ the Coroner where , the crime
is alleged to have been committed
never had .the candy, [in his official
possession, must undoubtedly ' strike; a .
San Francisco Jury as peculiar, in mur
der," proceedings -*
The remaining proceedings '¦ of the
day were prolific of nothing in the way
of advantage to either side. . At the
close it was announced that, the- de
fense would conclude introducing tes
timony at noon to-day,: and the prose-,
cution agreed that;its rebuttal could
be put in during, the afternoon, j The
opening argument of the prosecution
will occupy most of Wednesday morn
ing and the- defense promises to con
clude'in the afternoon. On; Thursday
morning the prosecution will conclude
its argument and Judge Cook believes
that -the' issue, will be submitted tojthe
Jury by Thursday afternoon, v --
: This promise of an early conclusion
of the trial is refreshing in contrast to
the '.'. last hearing ; of the ' accusation
against Mrs. Botkin, when the defense
dragged out one weary week in the
production of unimportant
events in connection with ; the. case.
So far in this trial there has. been
nothing startling adduced by- the de
fense aside^ from, the opening testi
mony of the'defendant while, on the
stand and 'the reading of the' deposi
tion of ex-Coroner Walls, .formerly
and at the time of the alleged mur
ders acting in, his official capacity, at
Dover, Delaware. . "O.
EARLY CLOSE PROMISED.
To the wadijig of this the defense' in
terposed an objection, as being incom
petent, irrelevant and immaterial, and
the court took the matter -under ad
visement. It is particularly important
to the prosecution to have this verdict
go into the record, as Dr. Bishop's tes
timony was anything but convincing
regarding the cause of the deaths,. and
Dr." Downs only saw Mrs. Dunning a
few hours. before her demise. The de
fense has all along maintained theories
of ptomaine poisoning, deaths from
natural causes; indiscriminate handling
for days and even months of candy al
leged to have been poisoned by Mrs.
Botkin, and a 'general desire' to fasten
the crime on her by the, police' of -this
city and by the Delaware authorities to
vindicate themselves in the face of
public sentiment
way for identification?" was asked. ,
'•Never," was the answer. "I saw a
box of candy on the table during the
inquest, but did not handle it or mark
it for identification."
"To . whom was this candy turned
over at the conclusion of the. inquest."
"I do not know of my own knowl
edge." ' . .
The only question asked in the depo
sition by the prosecution was:
"What was the verdict of the.Coro
ner's inquest on the deaths of Mrs.
Dunning and Mrs. Deane?".
• F. C. Roberts,-^ a * brother-in-law of
Mrs.^Botkin and whose* wife has con
stantly attended the defendant during
the i trial, f was .called e t6 testify, that on
June 17, 1897,!.when ; one of the'anony
mous letters was" mailed' from this city
to; Mrs. punning/," the v defendant was
at; his residence, in':! Huniboldt' County.
The prosecution claim's that ; this . let
ter-was ' mailed^ on : a- steamer,^ and re
ceived, its postmark after it: had reach
ed this 'city/. , On , rebuttal it ; expects to
prove ; th'ei; possibility' 'of ¦ this/; - William
Speegle,' , : proprietor . of. the ..Eureka
.Daily . Standard, : gave, some , unlmport
.ant ' testimony" S from \ the ; files of his
The question of ' "a double" for the
defendant was brought up. at .the' open
ing of the morning session, when
Sheriff .Lackmann:. was. called to. tes
tify that on April 22, 1898, when Judge
Cook . thought 'h"e *sa\v" her 'on a street
car, she was in the County Jail. Un
der, objections? fronV, the. District "At
torney, this line^ of questioning was
ruled out. Miss Carrie Cunningham,
a. reporter for. a' local paper, who was
called relative to interviews with Mrs.
Corbally," upon whom the, defense has
attempted to cast suspicion' of, having*
committed a like crime," was likewise
refused a hearing by. Judge Cook and
she left the stand? with' her story un
told. .-¦..' .•¦;¦¦ ; fv : ¦ ¦ r '_ ; ¦';.
. NO RECORDS OF SALiE.
"DOUBLE" DISQUALIFIED.
Walls' testimony is new on this
-rial, not having been > introduced at
the last hearing, and disinterested at
-.orneys who attended the session yes
terday when it' was read thought it
was the strongest piece of evidence
so far adduced by the defense.
The only witness \ who 'contributed
any. particular interest to the day's
proceedings was Dr. George W. Terrill, i
who has offices, at 121 Geary street. He j
testified on. direct examination that he j
visited Mrs. Botkin _ on the . afternoon
of July 31,-1898,; between the 'hours of
3 and 5 o'clock and found her. suffering. J
from a severe headache and agener-;
ally bilious condition: 'She ; was lying!
on a couch and- wearing a yellow!
wrapper. He fixed the date as' he did;
because he had ..performed- a surgical)
operation on i the same date and en- |
tered it on. his book. Following the'
operation he returned to his office at i
2 o'clock, as was his custom on Sun- |
days, and there .- received a telephone |
call to attend Mrs. Botkin at the Vic
toria Hotel. . ' .
On*, cross-examination r the deadly i
record of the previous was cited
for Doctor Terrill and he wandered off
in the land of doubt as readily, as he j
had testified to the date and hours six j
years previous. The hours and the
date" in question *are particularly im
portant to the | prosecution, /as it was
on July 31, between 4 and 5 o'clock .
in the afternoon, that Mrs. .Botkin is ;
alleged to have purchased the box of j
candy from Haas & Son's, which was
subsequently poisoned and sent from I
this cityr to Mrs. Dunning at Dover.
After reviewing his testimony at the
former trial, j the V witness admitted
many indefinite impressions of the
facts and generally failed to be con-'
vlnclng. Particularly so was he-in his
statement"; that, althoush .he made a
practice • of entering in . a • book every
visit he paid. to a patient, he had failed
to discover any, caliche made on Mrs.
Botkin in his records/ "
BAN FRANCISCO PHYSICIAN "WHO TESTIFIED THAT HE HAD ATTENDED MRS. CORDELIA BOTKIN ON THE DAT AND
AT THE TIME SHE 18 CHARGED WITH HAVING PURCHASED THE BOX OF CANDY, BUT WHO PROVED A RATHER
UNCERTAIN WITNESS. • ' '
\A.lcatraz Parlor, Native Sons of the
Golden West, will give its first masked
ball in Native Sons'* Hall to-mornny
night. The committee In chargre ex
pects to make this one of the most
attractive affairs of the kind that has
ever been given in that hall.
Alcatraz Masked Ball.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examination
on May 4, 19 (Hi, at San Francisco,
Fresno, Los Angeles and Marysville,
for the. position of assistant electro
typer, Coast and Geodetic Survey, at a
salary of $700 per annum. Age limit,
20 years or over. Applicants must be
in sound physical condition and able
to handle the large electrotype places
prepared by the coast survey. They
should have some knowledge of the
operations involved in making copper
electrotypes from original engravings
on copper. Applicants must be fa
miliar with the operation and care of
gas engines and dynamos for the gen
eration of heavy- low voltage currents
and storage batteries. Apply to the
United States Civil Service Commission,
Washington, D. C.,. or to the secretary
of the consolidated Board of Civil Ser
vice Examiners, 301 Jackson street.
San Francisco, for application form
1093, which should be properly exe
cuted and filed with the commission
at Washington.
Electrotypers In Demand.
It Is estimated that more Calif ornlans
will go to the St. Louis World's Fair this
summer than have ever left the State on
any single occasion before. Hundreds
are Inquiring what rates and accommo
dations may be had. The Santa Fe has
special clerks to answer inquiries as
soon as received. The Santa Fe is the
short, quick way and has made the re
duced rate good on the finest trains.
If interested, write at once for infor
mation to 641 Market street, San Fran
cisco. •
Thousands Go East,
"At any time before, during, or after
the inquest was a box of candy alleged
to have been. poisoned ever. In your, of
ficial custody or marked by you' in any
On Tuesday, the deponent ' testified,
he met Dr. Bishop and was Informed
by him that the box of candy partaken
of by Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane had
been ascertained by Professor Wolfe of
the Delaware State University to have
been full of arsenic This was the first
time that any direct mention of ' the
candy had been" made to the deponent.
Later that . evening he . called ; at the
Pennington # home In company with
Charles Morris, one . of the \ Jurors and
cashier of the Farmers' Bank of Dover.
Pennington. produced a box of candy al
leged to have been received by Mrs.
Dunning one week before and handed
it into the custody of Morris.
NOT IX CORONER'S CARE.
On the Monday following, the de
ponent testified. Dr. Bishop informed
him that he deemed an inquiry neces
sary, and a list of jurors was furnished
the deponent, either by Dr. Bishop or
Lenrehan, the undertaker" in charge of
the bodies, . with the statement, that
they had been prepared by John P.
Pennington, father of the dead women,
and that he was satisfied with the
names presented. The Jury was then
summoned and viewed the bodies on
that day. ' V -
At that" time Dr. Bishop stated that
he had not fully concluded whether or
not their deaths were due to ptomaine
or arsenical poisoning. He admitted
that he had neglected to treat either of
his patients for the latter trouble until
It was too late to prevent the lethal
absorption of the poison by their sys
tems.
Nothing impressive was developed by
the defense in the Botkin case yester
day except the deposition of William
David Walls, now a resident of Jersey
City, N. J., and during the year 189S
Coroner of Kent County, Delaware, in
which the city of Dover is situated. ' It
was there on August 9 of that year, it
is charged, that Mrs. Dunning and
Mrs. Joshua D. Deane partook of a box
of poisoned candy sent them from this
city by Mrs. Cordelia Botkin and died
from the effects. For sending this
candy to Mrs. Dunning's address Mrs.
Botkin is now on her second trial on
a charge of murder. Her first trial re
sulted in conviction and sentence to life
imprisonment, which verdict was re
versed by the Supreme Court of this
State on technical grounds.
Ex-Coroner Walls' affidavit was as
much a vindication of the defendant
as an official occupying his position at
that time could extend after a jury
over which he presided had rendered a
verdict that the death of the twp
women was due to arsenical poisoning.
His affidavit was apparently intend
ed by the defense to establish a failure
of the prosecution to prove the corpus
delicti in both cases, and to that end
the interrogatories of the defense were
admirably framed. Walls testified that
he voluntarily went to Dr. Bishop on
the day following the death of Mrs.
Dunning and suggested to him that in
view of the fact that there was a great
deal of talk regarding the cause of
Mrs. Dunning's and Mrs. Deane's death
It might be advisable to hold an In
quest.
DOCTOR UNDETERMINED.
Chaplain H. Percy Silver, who has
been stationed at the Presidio, has
been ordered to Join his regiment, the
Thirtieth Infantry, ct Fort Crook, Ne
braska.
The Filipino Scouts drilled yesterday
afternoon in the presence of a bis
crowd of spectators. Their time here is
drawing to a close.
Surgeon Benjamin J. Edger Jr. has
returned from Washington, D. C, and
yesterday registered at headquarters.
He went East in charge of a number of
Insane patients, whom he succeeded in
landing at the National Insane Hospi
tal at Elizabeth, after a hard trip
across the continent, which was beset
with snowstorms, floods and burning
bridges.
The new target range near Fort Ba
ker is nearing completion, and by the
latter part of the week Major Van
Vliet. who has charge of its construc
tion, thinks It will be ready for use.
The Tenth Infantry will be the first to
go into camp there, but what compa
nies has not as yet been' decided upon
by Colonel Noble, the commanding of
ficer.
The band of the Philippine Scouts re
turned yesterday morning from its
concert tour down the bay. It played
at Redwood City Saturday night. Palo
Alto on Sunday afternoon and San
Jose on Sunday evening. As the band
had only been advertised a day ahead
of performances the attendance was
light and the trip was not as big a
financial success as had been anticipat
ed. The music of the band, however,
pave great satisfaction. It will play
again in San Jose next Saturday night.
The much discussed question of the
change in base of the coast artillery
companies stationed at the Presidio
and at Honolulu has been finally set
tled. Word came from the War De
partment yesterday that the Twenty
eighth and Ninety-second companies,
now at the post here, are to sail for
Honolulu on the transport Thomas,
which is scheduled to leave on Satur
day, April "0. They will take the place
of the Sixty-sixth and Sixty-seventh
companies, now at Honolulu. These
two companies are ordered to sail for
this rort on the transport Sherman,
vhirh is scheduled to leave Manila on
April 15. She should arrive at Hono
lulu about May 4 and should be due
here about the middle of May.
The Twenty-eighth ar.d Ninety-eec
tmd companies have been stationed
here for two years and have made
many acquaintances afnong the town
folks. Lieutenant and Mrs. Victor C.
Lewi?, vho have entertained exten
sively at the :>0Et. will be greatly
missed by the social contingent.
Major Biselow has arranged another
regulation problem exercise for his
squadron ol the Ninth Cavalry, to take
place on the golf lir.ks and vicinity to
morow morning: ftt S:30 o'clock. Like its
predecessors, it will be full of interest
ing end exciting features, and will be
instructive as well as amuFing to the
onlooker.
The colored troops are now in fine
condition, and as the rair.s have ceased
the golf grounds are in excellent shape,
so that the review, which is to follow
the early maneuvers, will show up to
preat advantage. The review wiil proba
bly take place shortly before 10 o'clock,
so that those who do not care to rise
early can take advantage of the second
part of the nrogjamme. As Major
Bigelow expects to be soon transferred
to Ord Barracks, this will probably be
one of the last of the exercises under
his command.
Captain Martin attributes the crime
to a- gang of ex-convicts he says has
been working in the North Beach sec
tion of the city for some timer
Hartman thought he had a clew to
the perpertators of the crime and
worked all day yesterday to locate the
suspects. Last night he reported the
matter, to Captain Martin and special
detectives were detailed on the case.
Burglars looted the saloon of Marcus
Hartman, northeast corner of Pacific
and Stockton streets, early, yesterday
morning. They stole the contents of
the cash register, $56, and a quantity
of liquors and cigars. . - -
Hartman closed his saloon yesterday
morning at 2 o'clock and took partic
ular pains to see that all of the win
dows and doors were locked.- When he
opened the front door "in the morning
he was surprised to find that the cash
register was gone from . the shelf be
hind the bar. Search revealed the reg
ister in a small back room off the bar
room. It had been broken open by the
crooks and everything in the shape- of
money extracted from it. ;
The burglars gained entrance by cut
ting the lock off a wooden skylight
frame and removing tnree large iron
bars that stretched across the opening.
They lowered themselves through the
aperature and ransacked the place. A
large new steel "jimmy" was left lying
on the bar by the burglars. The police
believe that they must have, been
frightened away before they completed
the crime, or they would not have left
the ."jimmy."
They took the register into the back
room, it is presumed, so that the night
bartender, who lived next door, might
not hear the bell ring wnen the box
was opened. Several boxes of choice
cigars and bottles of whisky were
taken.
Mr. Lackmann's testimony, which
corroborated that of United States Se
cret Service Agent Burns, was cor
roborated by that of United States
Marshal Shine, who added that Dasha
was not in custody at the time he con
fessed, but after the confession had
been made the witness placed Dasha
under arrest.
Mr. Lackmann told about the con
fessions made bv Dasha and Demp
sey In the Russ House last September
in the presence of himself, United
States District Attorney Woodworth,
United States Marshal ' Shine and
United States Secret Service Agents
William J. Burns and Harry Moffltt.
An effort was. made by Dasha's coun
sel to show that Burns had cursed
Dasha and called him a liar just be
fore he made the confession, but the
witness testified that Mr. Burns did
not call Dasha a liar and did not use
any violent or profane language. The
witness then related that Dasha ad
mitted having participated in ten or
twelve instances of substituting Chi
nese prisoners and had been paid for
doing so. The witness^ told also about
Dempsey having confessed to the re
ceipt of $25 at one time and. $30 at
another from Dasha and Burnett.
The taking of testimony in the case
of the United States; vs. W. F. Dasha.
T. J. Dempsey and Horn Toon, charged
with conspiracy to land Chinese ille
gally, was concluded yesterday after
noon in the United States District
Court and counsel proceeded with their
arguments to the Jurv. , United States
District- Attorney Woodworth will
make the closing argument on behalf
of the Government at 11 o'clock this
morning.
The session of yesterday began at 2
p. m. and only two witnesses for the
Government, former Sheriff John Lack
mann and United States Marshal John
H. Shine, were examined. This closed
the Government's side of the case.
None of the defendants were called to
the witness stand, but A. B. Potter,
Louis Lyser and Gus Pohlmann, the
latter a former member Qf the Legis
lature of this State, testified that the
general reputation of Dasha for truth,
honesty and integrity was good.
Believe Organized Band of
Criminals Committed This
and Many Other Crimes
Three Witnesses "Called for
Defense to Show Reputa
tion of One of the Accused
PRISONERS ARE SILENT
•¦
Troopers of Ninth- to Give
a New Problem Exercise.
Followed bv Full Review
WILL DRILL TO-MORROW
POLICE SUSPECT GANG
Companies at the Presidio
Are to Believe the Forces
Now Stationed at Honolulu
Burglars Remove Skylight
of a Saloon and Steal
Coin, Liquors and Cigars
Former Sheriff Lackmann
Tells About Confessions
of Dasha and , Denipsey
Ex-Coroner Walls, Who Conducted Inquest Over the Remains of
Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane, Deposes to Facts Strongly
in Favor of the Defendant— Day's Proceedings Lack Incident
ARTILLERY WILL
CHANCE PLACES
GAIN ENTRANCE
THROUGH ROOF
JAILERS' TRIAL
TO END TO -DAY
BOTKIN DEFENSE PRODUCES
AN IMPORTANT DEPOSITION
THE SAN FRANGISCOpCALIj-BTUESDAY, APRIL 5, 190*.
16
' . Al>VEItTISEMEMTa' ¦ :
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BI BBBHHHaBBBIBBliaBBaBHIBB
¦ /23b",POST:, : Str. I
2 To-Day— First Day— — 2:30 p. m. |
¦ Ol 800 Beautiful Specimens of Rare Antique 3
B TURKISH' F^fc ¥ T JTV Y^T \
8 and 1^ I If ¥ >k ¦
5 PERSIAN /¦¦¦M^^vvlL-/ VJ ¦
| g CDii^ncesTo m. *
J A. W. LOUDERBACK, Art Auctioneer. |
¦ YUZUK5& COMPANY, g
¦ w33O>OST ST. . ;'-'.";¦
' ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BBBBBBBBBBflflBBBMBBBBBBBBBBB :
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
SO ACCIDENTS IN XATT7KE.
Everr Calamity. No Katter How Great.
Hat a Definite Bcjrinninr.
There are no accidents ln nature.
The avalanche that without a mo-
ment's warning: rushes headlong down
the mountain side is not an accident.
For yeans previous tiny atoms nave been
crystaMiz'.r.tr and adding their minute weight to
the mass which le't its base when the ac-
cumulation reached a certain point.
Neither Is baldness an accident. The ln-
J: ni »••.«¦; me "y small perm which Is the cause
of Dandruff and Baldness feeds silently and
lone before the result Is seen.
The small reran which thrive on the scalp
and which are the cause of Baldness and
Dandruff cannot exist, however, when New-
bro's Herpiclde Is applied.
Sold by leading drusrglsts. Send 10c ln
rtarrj* for sample to The Uerpicide Co., De-
trolt. Mich.
I To Do
I Absolutely
I Suro
|5 Coffocs ¦
re Baking Powder
I and
« Good Things
s to Bat
i SExfra premiums
e Mis week
I It pays
» to trade
I at
I orealAiQirlcan Importing Tea Co.
SCI Market 210 Grant ave. 1419 Polk
Hi'MKh 1M« Hevisad-ro 705 I-arkln
<T5 Uaicht 3<KK> Hixteenth 355 Ha>es
S255 Miff-lcn f.21 Montt* ave. S2 Market
20ns Flllraore 2516 Mission 146 Ninth
SRfl Third 2732 24th 469 Fourth
'- ADVEBTISEfitEirrS.
SKIN AND 6L00D
PURIFICATION
Cuticura Soap, Ointmen:
and Pills
Cleanse the Skin, Scalp
and Blood
Of. Torturing, DisfigHring, Hoh i
mours with Loss of Hair
COMPLETE TREATMENT $1.00
Thowands of the worid's beat peo-
ple hare found instant relief and ipeedy
core by the use of Cutlcura Soap, Olat-
ment aad Pills In .the most torturing
and disfiguring of itching, burning and
acaly humours, ecxemu, • rashes, itch*. -
inss and inflammations.
Thousands of tired, fretted mothers, '
of skln-torturrd aad disfigured babies,
of all ages and conditions, hare certi-
fied to almost miraculous cures by tho
Cuticura remedies, when the best med- .
ical skill had failed to reUere, much „ j
less cure. \
Cutlcura Treatment Is local and con-
stitutional — complete and perfect,
pure, sweet and wholesome. Baths the
affected surfaces with Catlcura Soap
and hot water to cleanse the akin of
crusts aad scales and soften the thick- j
eued cuticle, dry without hard rubbing, '
and apply Cuticura Ointment freely to
allay itching, irritation and inflamma-
tion, and soothe and heal, and lastly
take J Catlcura Resohrent Pill* to cool
and cleanse the blood, and put erery
function in a state of healthy actUl^y.
More great enres of simple, scrofulous
and hereditary humours are daily made
by Cutlcura remedies than by all other
blood and skin remedies combined, a
single set bHnc often sufficient to cure g
the most distressing cases when all f
else fails.
Sold taroorhmt tk« wmiA. C»'a«w« *™*™±,'2£
Cu totm o. ChMsolato Caul FIB*. V*-. pwjUjrf «1»
Otn«n«mt, «e.. Snap. Oe. I>t*o«a « Lm4m. IT Ctoqw
h«w« Bq.t PmH.. i R«* d* l« r«ixi Bwrton. \3t CvioatlW
At*. Potter Drag «itd Chem. Corp-. Solo Froy*.
•T »*a4 far "Skin m4 iiloo* TTUiietUo:" •
BE CAREFUL
Where you . take your fine linen . to b«
laundered, as you may regret having
sent it to a second-class laundry- When
you want your shirts, collars. and cuffs
to be sent home in good condition, and
with a color and finish on them equal
to when first bought, take them to tho
United States laundry. ': J*
No saw edges.- ! ::}•*;•¦ J
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY,
1004 JIASKET STBIET.
' ' ' Telephon* - South 430. •
ATTRACTIVE
WEDDING
GIFTS
S. & G. GUMP CO.
. ART STORE,
113 GEARY STREET.- •
jggsb^soij wear 9
'^^ GLASSES 1
Are they soothlnt; and restful? Do they re-
lieve the strain, blurring and Urine of tho cyest
It not. use Gto. Mayerle's Antiseptic Kyeglaaa
wipers — 15c. 2 for 23c. German Eyewater by
mall. 62c Makes weak eyes strong;, sore eye»
well. . GEO. JVIAYERL.E.; German Expert O»-
tldan. 1071 MARKET ST.. 8. F. 1 ,
rtvisiT DR. JORDAN'S qriatJ
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
0 © 1SS1 U* 2 * 17 8T- **' ixWNkl 8.T.CU. A
\ ' - Cj- -X Tko Larrett Aiuteaical Mumi ia )h« \
V ' • M I/Wt Ai. ' j;, **• "«•*•«««*• « »«T c««lrlct».1 A
fg»l ip«aal»Mo»lk«Cout. £¦!.]«,«(, 0
d flW'J OR* JORDAN-DISEASES OF KIN 4
O R Xr«L D ' r »V»en* personally or by letter. A A
\ B W tIb f—it*» CW«iacTcryuMiuuI«ttakea. T
OF I \\k>* w rlte for B»k.I*ltll.ai»OPBlV»r A
"a '¦ 1^ 3B*KnlAtE. HA1UDFMI. (AT
X r fX '¦• (I- «I«W« book for turn) - - ,', \
V 15 B. JOUDAH & CO.. 1051 Market St..3: F. V '
MENANDWQME*.
CM|FililBX»^ Cie Big O for unn»tur»l
1 to t imrOB di«chari«i.lnflaiumation«.
BSJSff Oaar&ntMd B trritktloot or alcsratloas
R^Jf «•« «• «rl«toT». "¦ of ma cons mtmbrtnu.
TrywmU CmU«Im. . Fainitl*. and not a»tria*
BJTSlTKt LTilS CHEM ISAtCa. gent or poiioaout
Vtm, CINCIMIUTUO WM •«!<> <>7 X>ranlat4V
"TTiinWia lafiirwl b^ «P«»«. prepaid, tot
VMfflHPr^^lBj •' 00. or Jbottl«»|2.75.
¦I'lyiit »' » "¦ <T»r«nUj' eetst on tWQMt
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
L fcialogua and , Frice Lists iuallai
,. . -,... on ApplleatioD.^
' rEESH AND SALT MEATS. .
jas. boyes & co. Er.ga,ia
-¦-•,:'¦-. . ¦ on.s. -."/.>.-,;¦; - ¦ ¦•¦"
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD * ELAJ3.
418 Front «t. S. F.',. Phone Main 1711.
F. C.'BDGHES.*'" " «, ¦¦¦Tri^tkr.-..'*'^