Tig.^-^---£i|) H E purple lilac, break-
JfiPi irig into bloom *
I'wH^I itsfra £ rant P - etaisfii1
r< g|O-fel in^ all the air
With odors rich and delicately
._ rare,. -A*
Fit emblem for Good Friday
and its gloom,
In I laid upon my loved
For Death had robbed me of
my dearest hope,
And I was left in darKest doubt
to grope, " ;^
tangled thread in Fate's
dread mystic loom.
On Easter morn I sought my
X '; dear one's grave,
And lo f a snow-white lily bios
soined there*
! God's message to my soul that
lily gave: . ;.
"Have faith, oh, doubting onei
* the lily fair
Tells thee to: looKv beyond dull:
• sorrow's wave,
And KnoMr the joys 'of heaven
are waiting there/' .
The Sunday Call MagazineCHAPTER XIX.
Both had forgotten the quarrel, the
locked door, the fever pitch of ten min
utes earlier. All other thoughts had
been crowded out of Mariposa's mind
by the horrible discovery of Essex's
knowledge, and by the apprehensions
that -were cold In her heart. She
shrank from him more than ever, but
had no desire now to leave the room.
Instead, she persisted in her remark:
• "Help me do -hat? I don't know
what you mean." M3H
"Help you in establishing your claim.
And fate has put into my hands the
very person, the one person who can do
that. You know there was a man who
was in the cabin with Moreau— a part
ner. Did you ever hear of him?" .
She nodded, swallowing dryly. Her
eense of apprehension strengthened
with his every word.
"Well, I have that man under my
"That's not of any consequence. I
know that I am Jakf Shackjeton's eld
est living child; that my mother was
married twice; that I was born in the
desert Instead of in Eldorado County.
I know it all. And what is < here so odd
about that?" She threw, her head up
and looked with baffling coldness into
his eyes. "Why shouldn't I know my
own parentage and birthplace?"
"And — and — " he continued to speak
with eager unsteadiness — "you've done
nothing yet?"
• "Done nothing yet," she repeated;
"what should I do?"
"That's all right," he 6aid hastily, evi
dently relieved; "you couldn't do any
thing alone. There must be some one
to help you."
"Help me do what?"
He etood .glaring, trying to collect his
senses and grasp in one whirling mo
ment what difference her knowledge
would make to him.
"How — how — did you know it?" he
stammered. •
He was watching her lik*. ' Jl tiger,
still standing with his back against the
door. Her eyes were on him, wild and
intent. Each word fell like a drop of
vitriol on her brain. She saw that he
knew everything.
"Your mother was Lucy Fraser, but
your father was- not Dan Moreau. He
was a very different man, and 5'ou were
his eldest child, his eldest and only le
gitimate child. Do you know what his
name was?"
""Yes," said Mariposa, in a low voice;
"Jake Shackleton."
It was Essex's turn to be amazed.
He stared at her, speechless, com
pletely staggered. ;'-" , •
"You know it?" he cried, starting
forward toward her: "you know it?"
"Yes," the answered; "I know it."
"Don't be impatient. It'B a long
story. It begins on the Nevada desert.
That's where you were born; not in the
cabin in Eldorado County, as I heard
you telling Jake Shackleton that day
at Mrs. WillersV* .
"Hear who I am?"
"Yes," he said, leaning toward her
while one hand still gripped the door
handle; "bear what your real name is,
and who you are? Hear who your
father was and where you were born?"
Her face blanched under his eyes.
The Bight pleased him. suggesting as
it did weakness and fear that" would
give him back his old ascendency. Hor
ror invaded her. He, of all people on
earth, to know! She could say nothing;
could hardly think; only seemed a
thing of ears to hear.
"Hear who my father was!" she re
peated, this time almost In a whisper.
"Yes; I can tell you all that, and
more. too. I've got a wonderfully in
teresting Etory for you. You'll not
want to go when I begin. Sit down."
"What do you know? Tell me quick-
The words passed through Mariposa
like a current of electricity. Every
xierve in her body seemed to tighten.
She looked at him, staring and repeat
ing:
"Open the door," she commanded:
"open the door and let me out. I want
to hear nothing that you ha\ r e to Bay."
"Don't you want to hear . who you
are?" he asked. *-" . :V-/
"You will have to excuse me, Mr.
Essex." she said, moving toward the
door, "but if you won't go I must."
The expected had happened. He
sprang before her and locked the door.
Leaning his back against it, he stared
at her. Both were now very pale.
"So," he said, hearing his own voice
shaken by his rapid breathing, "you're
not going. I've not said half I came to
say. I've not come to-day to plead and
sue like a beggar, for the love that
you're ready to give one day and take
back the next. I've other things to
talk about." ¦ ; :V-
lction and sympathy that made you
behave toward me in what was hardly
—a—" he paused as If hesitating for a
word that would in a seemly manner
express his thought. In reality, racking
his brains- for the one that would hurt
her most — "hardly a maidenly way con
sidering your lack of interest in me?"
The word he had chosen told. Her
color sank suddenly away, leaving her
very pale. Her face seemed to stiffen
and lose ita youthful curves. ¦
"I don't think." she Bald- slowly,
"that Jt's necessary to continue this
conversation. It doesn't seem to me to
be very profitable to anybody." ?-
She looked at him, but he made no
movement.
* : ~~^;
•| ER words inflamed Jils rage, not
I A alone against her, but against
J[ 1 himself, who had had her in this
+S pliant mood in his very arms
and had lost her.
"And was it only a desire for conso*
• Essex returned the/laugh; and : mur-,
inured .a word " : or two^rbf. complimen
tary, disbelief.; He was "wondering -when
she .would get to the j real /subject ' of
conversation .which had led "them to/the
Gerome and the." Moorish -room. 7 She
was nearer than he* thought. ,
. "It would be a. temptation to go to
Paris every year, br.jtwo,*' she said.
"That's ; the most delightful place in the
world." ' It's your; home,"; isn't it? So, of
course, you agree with rhe." .
- '¦'. "Yes,%. I was .born;; there, , : and", have
lived ¦' there off ¦ and: bn, ! ever since. ; To
me/.the^ry^sjorily/one'.P^B.V.''^: ./ /
: " And can you • fancy any , one having
the/chance ,to go there, f and; live and
itudy-.'.wlth no trouble'^about money, re^
fusing?" .,-;. ¦ ¦ ¦•.;.'/¦/¦•'¦'. '. ; " .-;¦•; ¦¦¦. ; ¦¦•¦". ; /
/.* Essex ; looked ; into the fire, and re
sponded Uri'a' tone that suggested polite
indifference: ¦ ';/; > : ;.v- ., .'/¦: , ¦¦ \.. >
-"No, i beyond ' my- bowers
of imagination."; /;%;--/
;. "I ; have a sort : of— I '. think [ you call ' it
protege--isn't "-: that a the f word
in ahswer t toj his 1 nod-^-" whom . I \ want to
send tojParlyJ- She' s ¦ a1yqungfgirl<wlth
a fine ¦ yoicel ; ; Mr^Shackleton^was very
much j.'in^ her.'fjHe) knew; her
father iri r - the/miriirig Jdaysj of UheVearly
flf tiei," and ; wanted * to 1 pay/ott ? sonie old
score's by : .;' helping : the * daughter. Arid
"Oh^ I couldn't," she; sajd;_with; a lit
tle shrug; "I don'tknow. enough about
It. I only know what] I like," arid I gen
erally like the wrong -thing. >/ I'm r-riot
versatile like ] ray husband. ;. When I
first cariie to California I didn't know, a
chrornb from an oil. painting. "i Iri'fact,"
she-, said,; looking "at him, frankly"and
laughing a little.*;*'! don't think I'd ever
seen an oil painting." ..'.; • >
The Count de . Lamolle, geva Essex a
quick, glance,;; and, las; they sstoo-d to
gether in front gf ; one, of . : the : lires— the
two girls and :Wln. having moved away
to look at ; a; painting of ;
on \ an easel-^addressed a t-asuulf; re
mark to, him' in ..French. -The 'Count
had already met the newspaper man,
and set him down, without illnsion-c-r
hesitation, ., as ; a , clever ad venturer. ; Re
overcame , his \ surprise at '). frieetlng : him
in the house of the bonanza widow, by
the reflection that this was the United
States, where all men are equal,, and
wornen'.with money, free to be i wooed
by any of them.
The ? Count was in i an uncertain and
almost uncomfortable 'state of : mind.
The letter , ! he \ had received from. Mrs.
Shackleton, ; bidding; him" to the feast,
was the second from her, since Maud's
rejection of him. The first had been of
a consolatory and encouraging; nature.
Mrs. Shackleton told him that Maud
wag young, and that many; women said
no, when they meant yes. The Count
knew both these things as well as Mrs.
Shackleton; the latter, even better. But
it seemed \to ; him /that -Maud, young
though. she was. had not meant yes, and
the , handsome- Frenchman wab not the
man to force his attentions on any
woman. He watched" her without ap
pearing to .notice her. She had been
greatly embarrassod at sight of him.
" Maud sat beside Essex, and even that
easily, fluent gentleman found her diffi
cult to interest .She appeared dull and
unresponsive. Looking at. her .with
slightly narrowed eyes, V he. wondered
how the Count, of » whose name arTd ex
ploits he" had often;' heard in Paris,
could contemplate 1 so brave an .'act : as
marrying 'her..- : •
The Count, ' who, haying] more • heart,
could see deeper, aeke'd himself If : the
girl was really.unhappy. .; As he listened
to Miss Thurston's marvelous, French
he wondered, /with; a little expanding
heat of irritation,* if the mother was
trying, to . force the ; marriage . against
the daughter's wish. ; '¦• He ; had broken
hearts in his day, but it.wasnota pas
time he , found agreeable, j He ,- was too
gallant a gentleman to woo, where h{p
courtship was unwelcome. '¦.'.
. When the gentlemen . entered the
drawing-roorn froni their after-dinner
wine and cigars, they found the ladies
seated by "one of the fires *jbel6w> the
Mexican onyx mantels. Bessie' rose as
they approached and, .turning to .Es
sex, asked him if he had seen. the Bou
guereau on -the easel, and .steered him
toward it. '¦'¦.-¦'.
"It was one of Mr. Shackleton's last
purchases," she said; "he was very an
xious to have a fine collection. He had
great taste." . , ,
Her companion., looking at the plump,
pearly-sklnnned. nymph and her atten
dant' cupids, ;thpught : of; : Harriey's de
scription of Shackleton ; in the days
when he had first entered California,
and said;, with 'conviction:;
"What; a versatile man
your husband' was!^ I -had: no idea he'
was interested in'art.^ v> *
'.'Oh, : . he loved it," said Bessie, and
knew a great deal about it: We were
in Europe two years ago for six months,
and 1 , Mr. Shackleton and I visited a
great: many studios. That is a Meis
sonier over there, and that orje we
bought from Rc-3a Bpnheur. She's an
interesting woman, looHeU'Just like ' a
man* Then in the Moorish room there's
a'Qerome. Would you like to; see. it?
It's considered a very flrieexarnple."
He expressed his , desire to see the
Gerome," and followed "Bessie's rustling
wake into the Moorish robrn./
"We hoped," {continued Bessie, sink
ing into a seat, "to have a"fine.collec
tion, and build ,a; gallery tor them | out
in the garden. There": was plenty \ of
room; arid they would. have shown off
better all together that; way, rather
than /scattered about like/ this. But*
I've no -[ ambition : to - do ; it now, and
they'll stay as they" are/'.
"Why don't you - go on : with the \ col
lection ?" said the young ;, maii,; taking
a seat on a square stool of carvpd teak .
wood." ' "It would be a most , iriteresting .
thing to do,, arid you could go .abroad
every year '. or two, I arid go ' to '¦ the [ stu
dios ; arid buy.' direct { from". the \ artists. 5
It's much the best way." '-/
She turned and'. passed out of sight at
the top"of the* stairs. Bar'rpn stood 4 be
low under the; hail' gasi : his head
drooped. • He , was \ puzzled, for, say
whatHhey might, he was certain he had
heard cries. N . ' '
:' "Cries?" '-'she said over her shoulder;
"I don't, think; there* were any cries.
Why.tjhould'ariy one cry out here?" ;
"That's exactly/ what I wanted to
know,'" he' said, .watching her ascend
ing. back. '• ; .:-" 7 ¦•/;.' ' / ;
They' turned into the haH, Barron, in
his character of general guardian of
the Garcia fortunes, shutting/the door
of ;the state apartment. He had the ap
pearance of taking no notice 6f Mari
pt-ia. but a's"i soon as/ he /got into - the
light of 'the hall gas he sent a light
nlnsr-like glance over, her face. */
-."Itvwas funny," he said, "but as ; I
carhe up. the steps I thought I heard
some one calling out. ,1 dashed in and
fell into the arms of your music-lesson
man, who. said ' no cries of any kind
had disturbed* the joy of his hour in
your Foriety.',' ;
Mariposa had begun to ascend the
staiis. "• ¦ .
"Xot^oIi, no; other things."
"What on earth are you doing there?"
ho. said; "standing behind the door
lijte a child in the corner."
She thanked heaven for the friendly
dark and answered hurriedly:
"I— I— I— didn't want you to catch me.
I'm so— so — untidy."
"Untidy? I , never saw. you untidy,
and don't believe you ever were. \ I met
a man In : the hall,' who said he'd been
here for an hour. You must havefbeeri
playing puss in the corner with hijn.'.'fc -
"Yes; his name's' Essex, and 'hfe's a
friend of Mrs.; Willers'-that I . know.
He was here, and I thought he'd| come
about music lessons, so I came -down
looking rather untidy. , That vvas'how
it happened."
. "And he stayed an.- hour talking
about music lessons?" •
The hall door slammed behind Essex,
and the other man turned into the par
lor, where the light was now- very 'dim.
In his exit from; \ the room Essex had
flung the door open with violence, and
Mariposa, who had backed against the
wall, was still standing behind it. As
Barron pushed it to he saw her, a vague
black figure with- white hands and faoe,
in the dark. /\:' '^^')
The new-comer drew back from- the
departing stranger with an apologetic
start. • ¦"¦...- ' ¦ - ¦
"Beg : your pardon," he said bru'skly.
"but I thought I heard some one scream
in here." 4
"Scream?" said : Essex, languidly se
lecting his hat from the disreputable
collection on the rack; "I didn't notice
it, and I've been sitting in there for
nearly an hour with . Miss Moreau. I
fancy you've made a riiistake.".
"I guess I must havs.. It's odd." .
As the portal swung open and he
passed into the hall, the front door was
violently, pushed Inward, and "Barron
almost fell' against him in the hurry. of
his. entrance. ¦:.' , ,,
with all her.force, a-blow on the face.
She saw the skin redden under Jt.
"Open the; door!", she gasped; "open
the door!" :, ; •
For the moment; the blow so stunned
and enraged, hirri that he. drew back
from her/his '¦ hand instinctively rising
to the smarting: skin. '., An oath burst
fi-om"his compressed mouth, ¦./#'*
"I'd Ii£e: to kill you for tnat," he
r eaid. - , : . /.'. '
"Open the door," she almost shrieked,
rattling. the handle/.
; "I'll pay you^for this. You seem to
forget that I know all: the disreputable
secrets of your beginnings.\;I*can tell
all the world how. your; mother was
sold to Dan Moreau,' arid how— " ; \
Mariposa heard the click of the gate
and a step on the outside stairs. She
drowned the sound , of Essex's", voice in
a sudden furious pounding on the door,
while she cried with the full force of
her lungs: .
1 "Benlto! Miguel! Mrs. Garcia! — Come
and open this door! Come and let me
out! I'm locked In! Come!"
Essex was at the door In an instant,
the key in the lock. As he turned It he
save her a murderous 'look.,.- ,. ' ..':
"You ¦? 'fool!" he said under his
breath. ¦ ...
"QUEEN OF '
QUELPARTE"
Next Sunday Call
now the daughter seems to dislike be-'
ing helped." t
"There are such people," said Essex
in the same tone. "Does she dislike
the idea of going to Paris, too?"; .
"That seems to be it. We botti^
wanted to send her there, have her
voice trained, and put her in the way
of becoming- a singer. Lepine, when he
was; 1 here, -heard her and thought she
Jiad the ! making of , a prima donna,-
she suddenly lookeel at him with
[a\ half -puzzled;. ; expression of inquiry,
V "I think you know her— Miss Moreau?"
.Essex "looked (back, at' Ixer for a mo
>ment/ with ; y.bafflingly expressionless
r eyes';' :„*;=•;.; '. ¦: ;-"; '¦'" 1
. :. "Yf s, ¦ I know her. . She's a friend of
•Mrs. Willers'/one of the Sunday edition
•people on. The. Trumpet.? ";A very hand
sumeand charming girl.". ¦
"That's; the^gfrl," said Bessie, men
:'; tally..; admiring, his .¦.'•¦'perfect aplomb.
; "S he's : a very, fine girl, and, ' as -you say,
haqdsome".'.; But I; don't: think she's got
¦,much:commoh sense.' Girls don't, as a
rule,; have more than enough to get
along" on. • But -when '. they're poor, and
so -alone in the world, they ought to
• pick up*a little." \.
"Certainly,, to refuse an offer such
as you speak of argues a lack- of some-'
. thing. Have you any/ idea of her rea
son .for refusing?" ¦'¦.-", - •
He looked at Bessie; as he propounded
the question, his eyelids lowered slight
ly. She, in her turn, let her keen gray
glance rest on him. The thought
-flashed), through her 'mind that it was
only another evidence ¦ of Mariposa's
peculiarity, of disposition, that: she
*shoul d - have refused ! so handsome and
attractive a man. t . #
."No," she said with unruffled placi
dity,"! "don't; understand it. She's a
proud fsirl- and. objects to being under
obligations; But then this wouldn't be
,';'an"- ; obligatioh. "; Apart'from everything
;. else, there's rid question J about obliga
f tions - where ' singers and. artists and
people like that are concerned. It's all
; a matter of art."' '
¦¦¦¦, °Art levels all things," said the young
man glibly.- .. * . ' /
: "That's what I always thought. But
Miss Moreau doesn't seem to agree
with me. The most curious part of it
. rail la that she was willing to go in the
£ beginning; V That was before her moth
: , er died ; then she suddenly changed her
.' mip'd.'. wouldn't hear of it, and said
she'd prefer staying here in San Fran
cisco, teaching music at fifty cents a
"lesson. j I must say I was annoyed. I
had her. here and talked to her. quite
severely, .but lt ( didn't seem to make
any impression. I was puzzled to death
to .understand it. But after thinking
. for^ a while, and what could
make, a girl prefer San Francisco and
teaching- music at fifty cents a lesson
to Paris and T being f a. prima donna, I
came to the- conclusion '. there was only
one thing could influence a woman to
that extent— there was a man in the
¦ case." • -¦ . , ¦ , '*¦'" »¦¦.-;•'. ;iv .; • •¦¦• : : ¦
She saw Essex, whose eyes were on
the fire, raise his brows by way^of a
polite commentary on her words."
"That sounds a very plausible solu
tion of the problem," he 'said, "Love's
a deadly enemy to common sense."
"That's"; the way 'it seemed to me.
She had fallen in love, and evidently
the man had not enough I money to
•marry on, or was in a poor position, or
Eomething. When I thought of that I
was certain I'd found the clew. The
siily'girl was going to give lip every
thing for love. I suppose I. ought 'to'
have felt touched. But I really felt
sort of mad/ with her at first. ' After-
Avard.' thinking it over, I decided it was.
riot so foolish, and now I've veered
round so far that I'm inclined to en
courage it."
'¦ "Oh general ; principles you think do
' mestlcity is better for a woman than
the glare "of the footlights ?"
: "No,' not that way. I think a gift
like Mariposa Moreau's should be
cultivated .arid given to ; the public.
I never had any sympathy with that
¦ man in theBible who "buried his talent
in the ground. I think talents were
made to be used. What I thought was.
why shouldn't Mariposa marry the
j man she cared for and go with him to
Paris? It would be a much better ar
rangement ajl round. She isn't very
¦smart or capable,, and she's young and
childish for her years. Don't you think
she if, Mr. Essex?" -
Essex again raised his eyebrows and
looked into the fire.
. "Yes," he said in a dubious tone.
"Yes, I suppose she is. She is certainly
fnot a sophisticated or worldly person."
; "That's just; it. She's green— green
'-] about everything. Some way or other
"I didn't like the thought of sending her
off' there by herself, where she, didn't
know a soul. And then she's so hand
; some. If she was ugly it wouldn't mat
* ter so much. But she's very good-look
1 Ing,, and when you add -that to her
being so inexperienced and 'green- about
everything '. you begin' to realize the re;
sponslbility of sending her alone to a
. strange country, especially Paris."
a "Paris is not a city," commented her
'.'companion, "where young, beautiful
*and .unprotected females are objects of .
public protection, and solicitude."
- C r "That's the reason why I want, now,
.to; encourage : this marriage. With a
jhusband that. she loves ' take care of
i lief, everything would be . smooth \ sail
ing.'/: She'd be, happy and not home
xsick;"or strange. He'd be there with
her,' to watch . over, her and probably
"help-her. with her studies. Perhaps he
could? get some position, Just to occupy
his time.; . Besides.'^ so far as ¦ money
went/I'd see to it; that .they were well
'provided for during ;the time she was-
; preparing/: Lepine said that he thought,
two; or: three years would -be . sufficient
for her to" study. Well/ I'd give therii .
;¦ $15,000 Uo. start on. '.• And: If [that wasn't
/enough, or she was not ready to appear
at ithe*. expected *" time, .there ".would-be
morero There.'d be "Iho .question about
;" means jof living, 4 anyway. '.: They could
Vjusti put. that out of their heads." : ,
BY GERALDINE iBONNER
She drew back with a* movement of
violent repugnance. ;"., He' " suddenly
stretched .out his arms and came -to
ward her. . t , -
She ran to ward the door,, for the mo
ment " f or gettin g ' ft - was ' locked. !• Then,'
as it resisted, memory awoke... He, was
beside* her and tried to take ¦ her. in his
arms, but she turned ' and ; struck him,
"Well, then, I'll lie and say it was
false. If it came to fighting I'd Eay it
was false. That I was not Jake Shack
leton's daughter, and that my mother
never knew him, or saw him, or heard
of him. I'd burn that certificate arid
say that there was never such a thing,
and that anybody who suggested lt/\ya«
a liar c.-r a madman. And when.it
comes to*you, there's Just. one thing to
say: I ¦yvoulfin't marry you if » forty
fortunes hung on it I'd rather bes-or
steal than be your wife if you owned
all ,the Comstock mines. That's the
future you think is going to tempt me
— you for a husband and a fortune for.
us both, made by proving - that my
mother was never really married to the
man I calledmy father!" ' .'..
"But— but," he said, not heeding -her
anger in his bewildered amazement,
"you intended it- sooner or later your
self?" . •¦ . ///'¦
"I?— I?— Betray my . parents [ for
money? I do that?" r . ,
She stared at him with eyes of wild
indignation.' He began to have a cold
comprehension of what she felt, and it
shook him as violently as his passion
for her had ever. done.' . . -,"" •'•-./
"But you don't understand," He cried.
"Yes, I understand you now," 6he
said in a low voice; "you've made me
understand you."
"I only want to make you under
stand one thing— how much I love you."
"That's not all of it," he stammered,
taken aback by her violence. "And,
anyway, it's all true." -. .
"Drag it all out into the light," she
went on. "Fisht In a court with thrfse
horrible Shackletons! Have it in the
papers and all the mean low people in
Califc-rriia, who couldn't : for one mo
ment understand anything that was
pure and noble. Jeering and talking
over my father and mother! That's
what you call establishing my claim;
Isn't it?" -^ " -. ¦ -
"Your mother is dead," he said, un
derstanding her and feeling some real
sympathy for her. '"It can't hurt her
now." '¦", .;¦; ¦ ;-"i ¦}}. V
She thought of her dying mother, and
grief fcr that smitten bouI, so deeply
loved, so tenderly loving, rent her with
a throe of pity, poignant as bodily
pain.
; "Why, you're crazy," % she" cried.
"There'll never be any of it. Never be
any claim made or contest, or anything
that you talk of. You want me to
make money out of my mother's story
that was a tragedy — that I can- hardly
think of myself! Oh"!— ".She turned
around, speechless, and put her hand
to her mouth. . . v
"When will it be?" he said, Riving it
a gentle squeeze; "when, sweetheart?"
She tore her hand away.
He had come close -to her and, stand
ing at her 6ide, bent his head in v order to
look more directly Into her face. •
, "This ought to puL'an end, dear, to
your objections," he said gently; "you
can't do it alone. No woman could,
much less one like you— young,' inex
perienced, ignorant df . tne world.
You've got no idea what ¦ a • big con-'
test like this means. There [must be a
man to help you, arid I must -be that
man, Mariposa. We can. marry quietly
as soon as ; you are ready. It would be
better not to make any move until after
that, as it would be much easier for me
to conduct the campaign as your hus
band than as your fiance. , I'd take the
whole thing off your shoulders. You'd
have almost nothing to, do, except* be
certain of your memories and , dates,
and I'd see to it- that you were letter
perfect In that when the time came.
I'd stand between you and everything
that was disagreeable." ¦ i.%k -¦¦¦¦¦
He took her hand, which for the mo
ment was passive in his. -L;..^
"Ah," he said, with almost a laugh of
relief. "That settles it. You with the
certificate and I with Harney! Why,
we've . got . them." , . -
"We?" -she said,: iqeking up as
though waking. "We?"
"Yes; we," he answered.
- . .¦ " '¦'-:. \ ¦ '¦ ¦ :
hand. He and Mrs. Shackleton are the
only living witnesses of the transaction
whereby your mother and you passed
invr) Moreau's keeping. And I have
him. I've got him here." He made a
gesture with his thumb as though
pressing the ball of it down on some
thing. Then he looked at Maripoea
with eyes full of an eager cupidity. ¦ ¦';"•
She did not respond with Jlieshow of
interest he had expected, \ but . stood
looking down, pale and motionless.
Her brain was in" an appalled 'chaos
from which stood out only a* few. facts'.
This terrible man knew her, secret— the
secret of her mother's life and .honor
that she would have died to hide in the
sacredness of her love for the dead man
and woman who could no- longer;de
fend themselves. ; - • ' . / *>;
"It seems as if fate had- sent me to
help you,". he went .on; "you couldn't
do it alone."
"Do what?" she asked without mov
ing. , ; : •
"Establish your claim as . the real
heir. Of course you're, the chief heir.
I've been looking it up. The others will
get a share as acknowledged children.
But you ought to get- the bulk .of the
fortune as the only legitimate child."
"Establish my claim?' she repeated.
"Do. you mean, prove that I'm Jake
Shackleton's daughter?"- .
"Yes. And there's a tremendously
important point. Did your mother have
papers or letters showing that Bhe had
been Shackleton's wife?'* . ;
"She left her marriage certificate,"
she said dully, hardly conscious of her
worfls. "I hav,e it."
"Here?— by you?" with quick curi
osity.
"Yes; upstairs— in my little desk."-
"Who makes you miserable, dear
young lady?" he said, honestly. touched.
"You," she almost whispered. "You
do. You don't mean" to, I know, for I
think • you're kinder " than } lots of other
men. But— but— Oh. please, don't keep
on asking me to marry you.. Don't. do
it any mere ; that makes me miserable.
Because I ".can't - do , it. Truly, , I can^t."
. - Count de Lamolle became" very grave.
He drew himself^ up with an odd, stiff
air, like a soldier.
"If a lady speaks this way. to a man."
"If I thought you really cared it
would be different. Perhaps I couldn't
say it. I hate making people miserable,
and yet so many people make me mis
erable.". .. . I -
"That is a strange remark," he said,
completely taken by surprise, and won
dering what thisextraordinary girl was
going to say next.
"Dear Miss," said the Frenchman,
really concerned by her ? tragic . de
meanor, "say whatever, pleases you. I
am .only here to listen."
"You don't really care for me. Oh,
if you'd only tell the truth!" .
"I've got to say something to you. It
may sound queer, but I've got to say
it."
"I : have always , heard* • that Mrs.
Shackleton was generous," said Essex,
locking at her with a slight smile.
"Oh, generous!" she said, with a little
movement of impatience, which, was
genuine. 'This is no question of gen
erosity;" I want the girl to go and be a
singer, and I don't want her to go
alone. Now, I've found out a way for
her to go that will be agreeable to her
and to me, and I" take for granted, to
the man."
She looked at Essex with a smile that
almost said she knew him to be the
favored person.
"Of course," she continued, "it would
be better for him to get some work. It's
bad for a" man or woman to be idle. If
he knows how. to write, it would be an
easy matter to make him Paris corre
spondent of The "Trumpet. It was my
husband's intention to have a corre
spondent, and he had some idea of of
fering it to Mrs.' Will ers. But it's not
the work for her, nor she the woman
for it. It ought to be a man. and a man
that's conversant with the country and
the language. There'll be a good sal
ary to co with it. Win was talking
about.it only the other evening."
; "What a showering of good fortune
on one person," said Essex — "a position
ready-made, a small fortune and a
beautiful wife! He must be a favorite
of the gods."
"You can call it what you like, Mr.
Essex," said Bessie. "It's been my ex
perience that the gods take "for their
favorites men and women who've got
some hustle. Everybody has a chance
some time' or other. Miss Moreau and
her young man. h'ave theirs now." ¦
She rosejto her feet, for at that mo
ment, Pussy 'Thurston appeared in the
doorway to say good-night.
The pretty " creature had cast more
than one covertly admiring look at Es
sex, during the dinner, and now, as
she held out her hand to. him in fare
well, she said after the informal West
ern fashion:
"Won't you come to see me. Mr. Es
sex? I'm always at home on Sunday
afternoon. If you're bashful Win will
bring you. He comes "sometimes when
he's got nowhere else in the world to
s ° to -" 3p8b
Win who was Just behind her, ex
pressed his willingness to act as escort,
and laughing and jesting, .the party
passed through- the doorway into the
drawingrroom. The little fires were
burning low. By the light of one, Maud
and Count de Lamolle were looking at
a book of photographs of Swiss views.
The Count's expression was enigmatic,
and as Bessie approached "them she
heard Maud say:
"Oh, that's a mountain. What's the
name of. it. /now? I can't remember.
It's very high. and pointed, and people
are always climbing it and falling into
holes."
"The Matterborn, perhaps," sug
gested the' Count, politely. .
. To which Maud- gave. a. relieved as
sent. Her words were commonplace
enough, but there wa3 a quality . of
Hght-heartedness,' of suppressed ela
tion, 'in her voice, that her mother's
quick ear instantly caught. As the girl
looked up at their approaching figures
her face showed the same newly ac
quired sparkle that was almost joyous.
It had, in fact, beena critical evening
for Maud, ;, and so miserable did she
feel her -situation to be that she had
taken her courage* in both hands and
struck one desperate blow for freedom.
When her mother and Essex had be
gun their pictorial migrations she had
felt the cold- dread of a tete-a-tete
with the Count creeping over her heart.
For a space she had tried to remain at
tached to Win and Pussy Thurston, but
neither Win nor Pussy, who were old
friends and had many subjects of mu
tual interest to discuss, encouraged her
society. Maud was not the person to
develop diplomatic genius under . the
most favorable circumstances. Half an
hour after the men had entered the
drawing-room, she found herself alone
with the Count in front of the fire. Win
and Pussy haying strayed away to the
Bouguereau. '."
The Count had tried various subjects
of conversation, but they had drooped
and died after a few minutes . of lan
guishing existence. He stood with his
back to the mantelpiece, looking curi
ously at Maud, who sat on the edge of
an armchair just within reach of the
fluctuating light. Her .hands were
clasped on her knee, and she was look
ing down so that he could not see her
face. • ...
Suddenly she rose to her feet and
faced him. She was pale and her eyes
looked miserable and terrified., .,
"Count de Lamolle," she breathed in
a tremulous voice.
"Mademoiselle," he said, moving to
ward her, very much surprised by her
appearance. .'.
TO-MORROW'S TANGLE
THE SAN FRANtlSCO SUNDAY CAI^
The dinner at. Mrs. i Shackleton's was
a small' and informal! one/; T^e, com
pany of six— f or.^besides] himself, ' t the
only guests .were j the (Count ' de* Lamolle
And' Pussy '; Thurstbn^looking '¦¦) an /ex
ceedingly I meager 7 array .in "; the - vast
drawing-room; : ,"- \ :". '.-'-¦ ' \- v , , v ¦ •
~ 'At The Trumpet office the next morn-;
Ing Essex found a' letter awaiting hirri.
1 1 :.ivas from , Mrs. ] Shackleton, asking
him to dinner on a certain evening that
week — "very \ informally, • Mr. . Essex
would understand,' as the family was in
such deep, mourning.".
. Essex turned; the ; letter over." smiling
to himself. •It'was ah admirable testi
mony to Bessie's capability. ,/
" -The letter contained ¦' mo-re • for Essex
than a. simple invitation; to dinner. It
was . the first ; move ], of ; the. Shackleton
faction ; in' thef direction . he - desired I to
see them, take.*;) Bessie had evidently
heard something \that hadl made her
realize he, • tod; might \ be i • more than^ a
pawn in ; the game. He answered the
note with a sentence of acceptance and
a well-tamed ; phrase, expressing hjs
pleasure "at the thought of meeting her
again. | j ,/ •*'/ / /. . '¦" J, : ¦_¦ :
He was not in ah agreeable! frame of
mind. His interview 'with' -': Mariposa'
had. roused .the ; sleeping : ; devil i within
him, which. ,^ of late, . had • only .'. been
drowsy.' '. His' worst slde-f-uglyl traits* in^"
herited.from his rascally y father-f was
developing with" oyerijiaatering ¦ force/
Lessons*. 1 ' learned in those (obscure 'and
unchronicled years] when'; he had swung
between London and' Paris I were begin
ning to bear fruit; -; > y . ; ¦»' •.,'•/''.
2¦".Any came with screams. When I
came in I thought I heard shouts com
ing from somewhere."
"That wasn't us," said Miguel from
his larger bed in the corner. "We was
playing burying soldiers In the back
yard, and that's a game where you
bury soldiers, cut out of the papers, in
the sandy place. There's no sorter
hollering in it Sometimes we play
we're crying, but that's quiet."
"P'raps,"- said Benito sleepily, "it was
Miss Moreau's gentleman in the par
lor. I let him in. They might have
been singing. Now tell us the story
about the Indians and the pony ex
press."
This was all the satisfaction he got
from the boys. After the Btory was
told he did not go downstairs, but went
into his own room and sat by his lit
tered table, thinking. The details of his
entrance Into the house a few hours be
fore were engraved on his mind's eye.
By the uncertain gaslight he saw the
dark face of the stranger, with its
slightly Insolent droop of eyelid and
non-committal line of clean-shaven lip.
It was to his idea a disagreeable face.
The simple man in him read through
its shield of reserve to the complexi
ties' beneath. The healthy frank Amer
ican saw in it the intricate, sophistica
tion of older civilizations, of vast com
munities where "God hath .nmde man
upright; but they have- Bought out"
many inventions."
On his ear again fell the cold pollts
ness of the voice. Gamaliel Barron was
too lacking in any form of self-con
sciousness, was too indifferently con
fident of himself as a Westerner, the
equal of any and all human creatures,
to experience that sensation of mau
vaise honte that men of smaller fiber
are apt to feel in the presence of beings
of superior polish. Polish was nothing
to him. The man everything. And It
seemed to him he had seen the man,
deep down. In that one startled mo
ment of encounter in the hall. Thought
fully smoking and tilting back in his
chair, he mentally summed him up In
two. words, "bad egg." He would keep
his eye on him, and to do bo would put
off the trip to the mines he was to take
In the course of the next two weeks.
The next morning Mariposa's appear
ance at the breakfast table roused the
uneasiness he felt to poignant mxlety.
.With the keenness of growing love, he
realized that It was the mind that was
disturbed more than the body. He came
home to lunch — an unusual deviation,
as. he almost Invariably lunched down
towji at the Lick House — and found her
at the table as pale and distrait as ever.
After the meal was over he followed
her into- the halL She was slowly as
cending the stains, one hand on the bal
ustrade, her long, black dress Eliding
upward from Btair to stair. '*
He. followed her noiselessly, and at
the top of the- flight, turning to go to
her room,^he saw him and. paused,- her.
The morning after her-interview with
Essex Mariposa had appeared at
breakfast white-cheeked and apathetic
She had eaten nothing, and when ques
tioned as to her state of health had re
plied that she had passed a sleepless
nipht and had a headache.
Barron, sitting opposite, had been
watching her covertly through the
meal. He saw that she ate nothing,
and guessed that the headache she
pleaded was the result of a wakeful
night. The evening before, when he
had gone in to see the little boys in
• bed. he had casually asked them if they
had been playing games that afternoon
in which shouting bad been a promi
nent feature.
"Indians?** Benito had suggested, sit
ting up in his cot and scratching the
back of his neck; "that's a hollering
game."
CHAPTER XX
At five o'clock, shelterc " by the drip
ping dark, Essex began - his furtive
watch of, the streets along which . she
might pass, j He knew that every -day
was precious to him now, with Mrs.
Willers among his enemies and' ready
to enlist WInslow Shackleton against
him. Here was an opportunity to see
the girl, better than, the parlor of the
Garcia house offered, with its officious
boarders. There was absolute ' seclu
sion in these back" and rain-swept
streets.
He had been- prowling about for ai
hour when he finally saw her. A dozen
times he had cursed under * his breath
fearing she had. escaped him ; now his
relief was such that he ran toward her,
and with a rough hand swept aside her
umbrella. In the clear light of the un
curtained pane she saw his face, and
shrank back against the wallas If she
had been; struck. Then , a second im
pulse, seized her and she tried to dash
past him. He seemed prepared for this
and caught her by the arm through her
cloak, , swinging her violently back . to
her place against the wall.' ¦ - . *
Keeping his grip on her he said, try
ing to smile: ;
< "What are you afraid of ? Don't you
know me?"-'
"Let: me go," she said, struggling,
"you're hurting m«."
l[ "I f don't want to hurt you," he an
swered, "but I mean to keep you for a
moment. I want to talk to you; And
I'm going to talk to you."
"I won't' listen to. you.: Let me go at
once. How cowardly to hold me in this
way against my will!"'.
• She tried again to wrench her, arm
out of .his grasp, :but he held tier, like a
vise. Her resistance of him arid the re
pugnance "in her e face ; and voice mad- .
dened him.- He felt for, a moment, that
he would'like to batter her against the
wall.:
"There's no use trying to get away,
and telling me how much ; you hate me.
I've '."grot i you here at last. I'll not let
you go till I've had my say." ,
He put his 1 face down ; under the tent
of her umbrella* arid gazed at her with
menacing eye? / and tight lips. \ In^the
light Vof ' the\I window,, and I against Cthe
inky^ blackness , around them the^two*
faces .were' distinct : as cameos • hung on
a I velvet 'i background. ; ? tV He ; saw. the
whiteness ; of ' her" chin ~on , the * bow be
neath it, 'and 'her mouth,'' with '.the lips
that all ' the anger j in t the world could
Pressing a", quarter into . .-: Benito's
readiiy extended palm, he had inquired
if the boy knew where Miss Moreau
was. .
"Mariposa?" said Benito, .with easy
familiarity; "she's at Mrs. Willers' giv
ing Edna her lesson. This is Wednes
day, ain't it? Well, Edna gets her les
son on . Wednesdays from half-past
four till half-past five, and -'so that's
where Mariposa is. But she's' gener
ally late 'cause she stays and talks to
Mrs. Willers." . : '¦
It, was the afternoon of Edna "Willers'
music lesson. Over a week had elapsed
since Mariposa's _ interview with Essex,
yet to-day, as she stood at her window
looking out at the threatening sky, her
fear's of 'him were as active as ever.
Though he had made no further sign,
her woman's Intuitions warned her that
this was but a temporary lull in his
campaign. She .went out with the fear
of meeting him driving her into unfre
quented streets.
The music lesson had hardly begun
when the rain was lashing the window
and pouring down the panes in fury.,
Darkness fell • with it. The night
seemed to drop on the city in an in
stant,'coming with a whirling rush of
wind and falling waters. The house
wifely -little Edna drew the curtains
and lit the gas, saying as she settled
back on her music-stool:'
"You'd better stay to dinner with me,
Mariposa. Mommer won't be home till
late - because it's Wednesday, and the
back part of the woman's page goes to
press." |s|sSi
"Oh, I couldn't stay to-night," said
Mariposa hurriedly, affrighted by the
thought of the walk home alone at ten
o'clock,: which she had often, before
taken without a tremor; "I must go
quite soon." I fogot \ It was the day
when the back sheet goes to press. Go
on. Edna, it will be like the middle of
the night by the time we finish."
. This was indeed the case. When the
lesson was over, the evening outside
was shrouded in a midnight darkness
to an accompaniment of roaring rain.
It was a torrential downpour. The two
girls, peering out into the street, could
see by the blurred rays of the lamps a
swimming, highway, down which > a car
dashed at intervals, spattering the
blackness with the broken lights of its
windows. Despite the child's urgings
to remain, Mariposa insisted on going.
She was well prepared for wet she said,
folding her circular about her and re
moving the elastic band~that held to
gether her disreputable umbrella.
But she did not realize the force of
the storm, till she found herself In the
street. By keeping in the lee of the
houses on the right-hand side, she could
escape the 'full fury of the wind, and
she began slowly making her- way up
ward.
She had gone some distance when the
roll of . music she carried slipped from
under her arm and fell into water and
darkness. She groped for it, clutched
its saturated, cover, and brought it up
dripping. The music was of value to
her, and she moved forward to where
the light of an uncurtained window cut
the darkness,' revealing* the top of a
wall. Here she rested the roll and tried
to wipe.it dry with her handkerchief.
Her face, down-bent and earnest, was
distinctly visible. in the shaft of light.
A man, standing opposite, .who had
been I patrolling these streets for the
past hour, saw it, gave a smothered
exclamation, and crossed the street. He
was at her side before she saw him.
Several hours earlier Essex had been
passing down a thoroughfare, in that
neighborhood, when he had met Benito,
slowly wending his way homeward
from school. The child recognized him
and" smiled, and with the smile, Essex
recollected the face and'saw that fate
was still on his side.
CHAPTER XXI.
throwing down - her gage in defense ¦ of
her friend. , .
hand still touching, the rail.
"Miss Moreau," he said, "you're tired
our — too tired to teach. Let me so aod
put off your pupils. I've a lot of spare
time this afternoon."
"How kind of you," she said, looking
faintly surprised: "I haven't any this
afternoon, luckily. I don't work every
day; that's the point I'm trying to work
up to; that's my highest ambition.'
She looked down at his upturne 1 face
and gave a slight smile.
"Is it overwork that kept you awake
last night and makes you look so pale
to-day?" he queried in a lowered voice.
"Oh, I don't know"— she turned away
her lace rather Impatiently— "I'm wor
ried, I suppose. Everybody has to be
worried, don't they?". ,
"I cf»n't bear to have you worried.
There isn't one wild, crazy thing in the
world 1 wouldn't do to prevent it."
H; was looking up at her with his
soul in his, eyes. Barron was not the
man to hide or Juggle with his love. It
possessed him now and shone on his
face. Mariposa's eyes turned from it
as from the scrutiny of something a£
once painful and holy. He laid his hand
on hers on the rail.
"You know that," he said, his deep
voice shaken.
Her eyes dropped to the hands and
she mechanically noticed how white her
fingers locked between his large, brown
ones. She drew them softly away, feel
. ing his glance keen, impassioned and
unwavering on her face.
"Something's troubling you," he con
tinued in the same voice. "Why won't
you let me help you? You needn't tell
me what it is. but you might let me
help you. What am I here for but to
take care of you, and fight for you, and
protect you?"
The words were indescribably sweet
to the lonely girl. All_the- previous
night she had tossed on her pillow
haunted by terror of Essex and what
he intended to do. She had felt herself
completely helpless, and her uncer
tainty at what step he meant to take
was torturing. For one ' moment of
weakness she thought of pouring it all
out to the man beside her, whose strong
hand on her own had seemed symbolic
of the grip, firm and fearless, he could
take on the situation that was threat
ening her. Then she realized the im
possibility of such a thing and drew
back from the railing.
"You can't help me," she said; "no
one can."
He mounted a step and stretched his
hand over the railing to try to detain
her.
"But I can do one thing; I can al
ways be here, here close to you, ready
to come when you call me, either in
trouble or for advice. If ever you want
help, help of any kind, I'll be here.
And if you had need of me I think I'd
know it, and no matter where I was,
I'd come. Remember that."
She had half turned away toward her
door as he spoke, and now stood in pro
file, a tall figure, with her throat and
wrists looking white as milk against
the hard black line of her dress. She
seemed a picture painted in few colors,
her hair a coppery bronze, and her lips
a clear, pale red, being the brightest
tones in the composition.
"Will you remember?" he said.
"Yes," she murmured.
"And when you want help come to
me, or call for me, and if I were at the
ends of the world I'd hear you and
come."
She turned completely away without
answering, and, opening her door, van
ished into her room.
For the next three or four days she
looked much the same.
Barron's anxiety about her, though
not again openly expressed, continued.
He was certain that some blow to her
peace of mind had been delivered by
the man he had seen in the hall. He
did not like to question her, or attempt
an intrusion into her confidence, but
he remembered the few words she had
dropped that evening. The man's
name was Essex, and he was a friend
of Mrs. Willers'. Barron had known
Mrs. Willers for years. He had been a
guest in the house during the period of
her tenancy, and thopgh he did not see
her frequently, had retained an agree
able memory of her and her daughter.
It was therefore with great relief
that, a few days after his meeting with
Essex, he encountered her In the heart
of a gray afternoon crossing Union
square Plaza.
Mrs. Willers was hastening down to
The Trumpet office after a morning's
work in her own rooms.
She greeted Barron with a friendly
hail, and they paused for a moment's
chat In the middle of the plaza.
"You're looking fresh as a summer
morning," said the mining man, whose
life, spent searching for the mineral
secrets of the Sierra, had not made him
conversant with those of complexions
like Mrs. Winers'.
"Oh, get out!" said she, 'greatly
pleased; "I'm too old for that sort of
taffy. It's almost Edna's turn now."
"I'll be afraid to see Edna soon.
She's going to be such a beauty that
the only safety's in flight."
The mother was even more pleased
at this.
"You're right," she said, nodding at
him with a grave eye; "Edna's a
beauty. Where she gets it from is
what stumps me. My glass tells me
it's not from her mommer, and my
memory tells me it's not from her pop
per."
"There's a man on your paper called
Essex," said Barron, "who was not one
to beat about the bush; "what sort of a
fellow is he, Mrs. Willers?"
"A bad sort, I'm inclined to think.
Why do you ask?"
"He was at the house the other after
noon, calling on Miss Moreau. j I met
him in the hall. I didn't cotton to him/
at all. She told me he was a friend of
yours and a writer on The Trumpet."
¦ He looked at her inquiringly, hardly
liking to go farther till she- gave him
some encouragement. . He noticed that
her expression had changed and that
she was eying him with a*hard, con
sidering attention. [
"Why didn't you like his looks?" she
said. •
"Well, I've seen men like that before
—at the mines. Good-looking chaps,
who are sort of imitation gentlemen,
not make'hardor unlovely, '
., "You've got to listen tome," he said,
shaking her arm as if trying to shake
some passion into the set antagonism
of her face; "you've got to be my
wife."
She suddenly seized her umbrella
I and, turning it toward him, pressed it
- down between them. The action was
so quick and. unexpected that the man
did not move bacK, and the. ferrule
striking him on the cheek, furrowed a
long scratch on the smooth' skin. A
drop of blood rose to the surface.
With an oath, he seized the umbrella,
and, tearing it from her grasp, sent it
flying into the street. Here the wind
snatched it, and its inverted shape, like
a large black mushroom, went sweep
ing forward, tilted and already half full
of water, before the angry gusts.'
Essex tried to keep his own over her,
still retaining his hold on her arm. #
"Come, be reasonable," he said;
"there's no use-angering me for noth
ing. This is a wet place for lovers to
have, meetings. Give me my, answer,
and I swear I'll not detain you., "When
will you marry me?" \ ?
"What's the good of talking that
way? You know perfectly what I'll
say. It will always be the same."
"I'm hot so. sure of that. I've got
something to say that may make you
change your mind."
He pushed the umbrella- back that the
light might fall directly on her. It fell
on him also. She saw his face under
the brim of his soaked hat, shining
with rain, pallidly sinister, the trickle
of blood on" one cheek.
"Nothing that you can say will ever
make me change my mind. Mr. Essex,
I am wet and tired; won't you please,
let me go?" , i
She tried to eliminate dislike and fear
from her voice and spoke with a gentle
ness that she hoped would soften him.
He heard it with a thrill; but it had an
exactly contrary effect to what she had
desired.
"I would like never to let you go. Just
to hold you here and look at you.-' Mari
posa, you don't know what this love is I
have for/' you. It grows with absence,
and then when I see you it grows again
again with the sight of you. It's eating
into me like a poison. I can't get away
from it. You loved me once, why have
you changed? What has come over you?
Is it because I made a foolish mistake?
I'm ready to do anything: you suggest —
crawl in the dust, kneel now in the rain,
and ask you to forgive it. Don't be hard
and revengeful: It's not like you. Be
kind, be merciful to a man who, if he
sdTd what hurt you, has repented it with
all his soul ever since. I am ready to
give my whole life to make amends. Say
you forgive me. Say you love me." •
He was speaking the truth. Passion
had outrun cupidity. Mariposa, poor or
rich, had become the end and aim of his
existence.
"It's not a question of forgiveness,"
she answered, seeing he still persisted
in the thought that she was hiding: her
love from wounded pride; "it's not a
question of love. I — I — don't like you.
Can't you understand that? I don't like
yon."
"IJ's not true — it's not true." he vocif
erated. "You love me — say you do."
He shook her by the arm as though to
shake the words out of her reluctant
lips. The brutal roughness of the action
spurred her from fear to Indignation.
"It's not love. It's not even hate. It's
just repulsion and dislike. I can't bear
to look at. you, or have you come near
me, and to have you hold me, as you're,
doing now, is as if some horrible thing
like a spider or a snake was crawling
on me.". ; ...»
Amid the rustling and the splashing of
the rain they again looked at each other
for a fierce, ¦ pallid moment. Another
drop of blood on his cheek detached it
self and ran down. He had no free hand
* with which to wipe It off. •
"Yet you're going to marry me"," he
said softly.. j : - :.
I Tve heard enough of this," she cried.
"I'm not goinsr to stand here talking to a
madman. It's early yet and these
houses are full of people. If I give one
cry every window will go up. I don't
want* to make a scene here on the street,
but if you detain me any longer talking
in this crazy way, that's what I'll have
to do."
"Just wait one moment before you
take such .'desperate measures. I want
to ask you a question before you- call out
the neighborhood to protect you. How
do you think the story of your mother's
and father's early history will- look on
the front page of The Era?"
In the light' of the window -that fell
across them both he had the satisfaction
of seeing her face freeze into horrified
amazement.
"It will be the greatest scoop The
Era's had since - The Trumpet became
| Shackleton's property There's not a
soul here that even suspects it. It will
be a bombshell to the city." involving peo
ple of the highest position, like the
Shackletons. and people of the most un
questioning respectability, like the Mor
caus. Oh — it will be good reading!"
Her - eyes, fastened . on him, were full '
of anguish, but it bad not V bewildered
her. In the stress of the moment her
mind remained clear and active.
"Is the world interested in stories of
the dead?" she heard herself saying in
a cold voice. ¦¦.¦¦¦. . .
: "Everybody's Interested In scandals.
And what a scandal it is! How people
will smack their lips over It! Shackle
ton a Mormon, and you his" only legiti
mate child. •• Your mogier and father,
that all the world honored, common free
lovers. . Your mother sold to your father
for a pair of horses, arid living with him
in' a cabin in the Sierra for six months
before they even attempted to straight
en things out by a bogus marriage cere^
mony. Why, it's a splendid story! The
Era's had nothing with as much ginger
as that for months!" .
"And who'd believe you? Who are you
to. know about the early histories of the
pioneer families? . Who'd believe the
words of a man who comes from nobody
T*nows where, whose very name people
doubt? - If Mrs. Shackleton and I deny
the.'truth of your story, -who'd believe
you thent"
"You forget that I have under my
hand the man who was witness of the
transaction whereby . Moreau bought
your mother from Shackleton for a pair
of horses."
"A-drnnkrn thief! He stole all my
father had and ran, away. Can his word
carry, the same weight ' as mine to
•whose interest it •would be to prove my
self Shcckleton's . daughter? No. The
only real proof in existence -is the mar
riage certificate. And ¦ I . have that. And
so long as , I have that any story you
choose to publish I ;can get up and .
deny." .'¦"• , '
He knew she was right. Even with
Harney his . story .would be discredited,
unbacked by the one piece of genuine
evidence • of the ,flrst marriage — the cer
tificate which she possessed. Her unex
pected v recognition : of the point stag-,
gered him. He had thought to break her
resistance by. threats which even to him,
seemed shameful, and only, excusable be
cause of the stress he found himself in.
Now he saw her as. defiantly uncon
quered as ever. ; In his rage he pushed
her back against the wall, crying: at her:
'"Deny,' deny, all .you like! „ Whether
you ; deny. \ or not < thei thing /will ' have
been said.- Next Sunday the whole city,
;the whole' State will be. reading it — how
you're , Shackleton's « daughter . and your
mother. was Dan Moreau's mistress. But
say one word-— one little word to me, and
not a syllable will be not" a
whisper • spoken. -.On v.<one-; side -there's
happiness and luxury and love, and on
the other?, disgrace and . poverty — not.
your disgrace alone. "but your. 1 father's,;
, "Good-by,"' said Barron, holding'out
his hand; "it's a good thing we had
this minute talk."
"Good-by," she answered, • returning
the pressure with a grip almost as
manly; "it's been awfully good to see
you again. I must get a move on. So
long."
And they parted, Barron turning his
face toward the Garcia house, where
he had an engagement to take the boys
to the beach at the foot of Hyde street,
and Mrs. Willers hurrying ,- to The
Trumpet office.
Her walk did riot occupy more than
fifteen minutes, and during that time
the anger roused by the mining man's
words grew apace. From smothered
Indignation it passed to a state of sim
mering passion. Her conscience, heated
it still further, for it was she who had
introduced Essex to Mariposa, and in
' the first stage of their acquaintance
had in a careless way encouraged the
friendship, thinking it would be cheer
ful for the solitary girj to have the oc
casional, companionship of this clever
and interesting man of the world. She
had thoughtlessly kindled a fire that
might burn far past her power of con
trol and lead to irreparable disaster.
She ran up the stairs of The Trumpet
building with the lightness of a girl of
sixteen. Ire gave wings to her feet, and
it was ire as much as the speed of her
ascent that made her catch her breath
quickly at the top of the fourth flight.
Still, even then, she might have held
her Indignation In check— years of
training in expedient self-control being
a powerful force in the energetic busi
ness woman— had she not caught a
glimpse of Essex In his den as she
passed the open door.
He was sitting at his desk, leaning
languidly back In his chair, evidently
thinking. His face, turned toward her,
looked worn, and hard, the lids droop
ing with their air of faintly bored in
solence.* Hearing the: rustle of her
dress, he looked, up and, saw her mak
ing a momentary pause by the door-;
way. He did not look' pleased at the
sight of her.
"Ah, Mrs. Willers," he said, leaning
forward to pick up his pen and speak
ing with the crisp clearness ' of ¦¦ utter
ance certain people employ when Irrl- .
tated, "what is it that you want to see
me about?" , ; .
"Nothing," said Mrs. Willers abrupt
ly and with battle in her tone; ' "why
should I?"
. "I have not the least idea," » he '; an
swered, looking at his pen, and then,
dipping it in the ink, "unless "perhaps
you ¦ want a .few' hints . for your 'forth- ;
coming article, 'The * Kind ; of iiShoe-;
strings Worn by the Crowned Heads of .
Europe."
Essex was out of temper, himself.;
When Mrs. Willers interrupted him he j
had" been thinking : over the situation
"Well," said Barron, "I'm glad you've
told me this. I'll keep my eye on Mr.
Essex. I was going to the mines next
week, but I'll put It off."
"Do. But don't let on to Mariposa
what I've told you. She wouldn't like
it. She's a proud girl. But I'll tell
you, Mr. Barron, she's a good one, too;
one of the best kind, and I love her
nearly as much aa my own girl. But
look!" glancing at an adjacent clock
with a start. "I must be traveling.
This stuff's got to go in at once."
Words of sufficient scorn seemed to
fail him. That he should be similarly
aspiring did not at that moment strike,
him as a reason for moderation In his
censure of a rival.
"And is he trying to scare her into
marrying him? I wish I'd known that.
I'd have broken his neck in the hall."
"Don't you go round breaking peo
ple's necks," said Mrs. Willers. "but I'm
glad you're in that house. If Barry Es
sex is going to try to make her marry
him by bullying and bulldozing her, I'm
glad there's a man there to keep him in
his place. That's no way to win a
woman, Mr. Barron. I know, for that's
the way Willem courted me. Wouldn't
hear of my saying no; said he'd shoot
himself. I knew even then he wouldn't,
but I didn't know but what he)d try to
wound himself somewhere where it
didn't hurt, leaving' a letter for" me that
would be published in the morning pa
per. So I . married him to ' get rid of
him, and then I had to get the law in
to get rid of him a second time. A
man that badgers a woman into mar
rying him is no good. You can bank
that."
¦ "Yes," said Barron, uneasy at her
tone and the strange look of almost
agitated astonishment on her face;
"and I'm under the Impression he said
something to her that frightened her.
As I was coming up the steps that, af
ternoon I heard distinctly 'some one call
out in the drawing-room. I burst in on
the full jump, for I was certain it was
a woman's voice, arid that man came
out of the drawing-room as I opened
the door. He was smooth as a summer
sea; said he hadn't heard a sound, and
went out smirking. Then I went into
the drawing-room to see who had been
In there and found Miss Moreau, lean
ing against the wall and white as my
cuffs."
He looked frowningly at Mrs. Wil
lers. She had' listened without moving,
her face rigidly attentive.
"Mariposa didn't tell you what they'd
been talking about?" she asked.
"No; she told me nothing. And when
I asked her about the screams she said
I'd been mistaken. But I hadn't, Mrs.
Willers. That man had scared her
some way, and she'd screamed. She
called for Benito and Mrs. Garcia,- I
heard her. And she's looked pale and
miserable ever since. What does that
blackguard come to see her for, any
way? What's he after?"
"Her," eaid Mrs. ,Willers, solemnly;
"he wants to marry her."
"Wants to marry her! That foreign
spider! Well, he's got a gall. Humph!"
and try. to make you take the imita
tion for the real thing by putting on
dog. I didn't like his style, anyhow,
and I don't think she does, either."
"You're right about that," . said Mrs.
Willers; "do you know what he was
there for?!' ' * - . •
— "Something. about music lessons, she
said. I didn't like to ask her."
"Music lessons!" exclaimed Mrs. Wil
lers, with a strong Inflection of sur
prise.
I termined. Oh, Count de Lamolle, it's
very hard to make determined people
see things differently to what they
want. So please, don't want to marry
me any more, for if you don't want to,
that will have to end it"
She stopped,- her lips trembling. The
Ccunt took her hand, cold and clammy,
and lifting it pressed his lips lightly
on the back. Then, dropping it, he
said, -quietly :
"All is understood. You have hon
ored me highly. Mademoiselle, by giv
ing me your confidence."
They stood silent for a moment. The
kiss on her hand, the something
friendly and kind— so different from the
cold looks of unadmiring criticism she
was accustomed to — in the man's eyes
brought her uncomfortably close to
tears. Few people had been kind to
Maud Shackleton in the midst of her
riches and splendor. ,
The Count saw her emotion and
turned toward the fire. He felt more
drav.n to her than he had ever been
¦during his courtship. From the tail of
his eye he saw her little handkerchief
j whisk out and then Into her pocket.
| As it disappeared he said:
! "I see. Miss Shackleton, that you
1 have some albums of views on the
table. Might we not look at them to
gether?"
Thus It was that Bessie and Essex
found them. They had worked through
two volumes of Northern Italy, and
were in Switzerland. And over the
stiffened pages with their photographs,
not one-half of which Maud could re
member though she had been to all the
places on her trip abroad, they had
come nearer being friends than ever
before. .
"He's going to marry me some day.
He's Just Jack Latlmer. the stenog
rapher in the office. But I like him, and
that's all there is to it. But mommer's
terribly set on you. And she's so de-
he said, "the man can only obey."
Maud hung on his words. When she
grasped their import, ene suddenly
moved toward him. There was some
thing pathetic in her eagerness of grat
itude^
"Oh, thanks! thanks! I knew you'd
ao- it. It's not you I object to. I like
you better than any of the others.
But" — she glanced over her shoulder
into the lantern-lit brilliance of the
Moorish room and dropped her voice*
."there's some one I like more." '
••Oh," eaid the Count, and his dark
eyes turned from her face, which had
become very red.
. Her ;. article 1 lay. unnoticed ; and > ; for
gotten by her. side, While she sat staring
at her scattered papers, trying to decide
through the storm 1 that still shook I her
whether li ¦' she y - had ',. done well in
"Really, Mrs. Willers," he said, "I
had no Idea you were entitled to speak
for Winslow Shackleton; I congratulate
yOU." '¦¦ i ¦ ' • :'} ":
";. For ' a moment of blind \ rage, • Mrs.
Willers neither, spoke nor moved. Then
she felt- the doorhandle turn under her
hand arid the door; push 'inward. She
mechanically stepped '.to one side,; as It
opened,' and the #offlce boy. intruded his
head. • Tr 1 '
"I knocked here twict, and y'alnt
answered,"; he said apologetically.
"There's a man to^ see you, , Mr. Essex,
what . says he's got something to say
about a new kind of balloon."
"Show: him in," fsaid^ Essex, "and— oh
—ah— Jack, show Mrs.^Willers out."
Jack gaped at this curious order. Mrs.
Willers brushed past him ; and walked
up^ the hall to her own 'cubby-hole.
She .was compassed! in a' : lurid; mist "of
fury, and ; through this ¦ she felt dimly
that she ; had done no good.
i"Did; Betting j in a rage ever; do any
good?!' she^thought desperately, as* she
sank Into her desk chair. . •¦• ;'/:.¦¦ ...'., ¦"•:
Essex was startled by the stinging
malice revealed in this V remark. He
swung round; on his swivel chair, and
sat facing hi* antagonist, making no at
tempt tc/ rise, although she entered the
room. As he saw her face in the light
of the window he realized that for the
first time - he saw the woman 1 stirred
out of her carefully acquired profes
sional calm.
As she entered she pushed the door
to behind her, and, taking the chair be
side the desk, sat down. ' '
"Mr. Essex,"- she said, "I want a
word' with you."..
"Any number," he answered; with
ironical politeness. "Do you wish the
history of my connection with the
crowned heads as court' bootblack?"
"No," she said. "I want to know
what'business you've got to go to Mrs.
Garcia's boarding-house and frighten
one of the ladies living there?"
An instantaneous change passed over
Essex's face. His eyes seemed sud
denly to grow veiled as they~narrowed
to • a cold, non-committal slit, j His
mouth hardened. Mrs. Willers saw the
muscles of his cheeks tighten.
"Really," he said, "this sudden inter
est in me is quite flattering." I hardly
know what to say."
He spoke to gain time, for he was
amazed and enraged. Mariposa had
evidently, made a confidante of Mrs.
Willers, and he knew that Mrs. Willers
was high In favor with WInslow
Shackleton and his'mother.
"In this country, Mr. Essex," Mrs.
Willers went on, clenching her hands
In her lap, for they trembled with her
indignation, "men don't scare and
browbeat young women who don't hap
pen to- have the 'good taste to favor
them. When a man gets the mitten he
knows enough to get out."
"Very clever of him, no. doubt," he
murmured with unshaken suavity.
"If you're going to live here you've
got to live by our laws. You've got to
do as the Romans do. And take my
word for it, young^man, the Romans
don't approve of nagging and scaring
a woman into marriage." *
"No?" he answered with a blandly
questioning. Inflection, "these are inter
esting facts in local manners and cus
toms. I'm sure they'd be of value to
some one who was , making a special
study of the subject. Personally I am
not interested in the California abor
igines. Even the original and charm
ing specimen now before me would
oblige me greatly by withdrawing. .It
is now',' — looking at the clock that stood
on lib?} side of the desk — "half-past
two, fijid my time is valuable, my dear
Mrs. ."Willers." ,-
I Mrs.- lWillers rose to her feet, burn
ing witn rage.
"Put me off any way you like," she
said, '"and be as fresh and smart as
you know how. But I tell you, young
man, this has got. to stop. That girl's
got no one belonging to her here. But
don't Imagine from that you can have
the field to yourself and go on persecut
ing her. No— this is not France nor
Spain, nor- any other ofd monarchy,
where a woman didn't have any .'more
to say about herself than a mule, or a
pet parrot No, sir: You've run up
against the wrong proposition . if you
think you can scare a woman into mar
rying: you in California In the nine
teenth century."
¦ Essex rose from his chair. He was
pale.
"Look here," he said in a low voice,
"I've had enough of this. By • what
right. I'd like to know, do you dare to
dictate to. me or interfere in my ac
quaintance with another lady?"
"I'd dare more than that, Barry Es
sex," said Mrs. Willers, with her rouge
standing out red on her white face, ."to
save that girl from a man like you. 'I
don't know what I wouldn't dare. But
I'm a good fighter when my blood Is up,
and I'll fight you ; on this point ..till* one
or the other of us drops."
She saw Essex's nostrils fan softly In
and out. His cheek-bones looked prom
inent.
"Will you kindly leave this room?"
he said in a suppressed voice.
"Yes," she answered, "I'm going now.
But understand that I'm making no
idle threats. And if this persecution
goes on I'll tell Winslow Shackleton* of
the ; way you're acting, to a friend of
his and a protegee of his mother's." .
She was at the door, and had the han
dle In her hand. Essex turned on her a
faceof livid malignity. J ;'.'<<7-;£;
with Mariposa^ arid it had' seemed? to
him very, cheerless. V His \ remark was
well ; calculated '.to enrage "the. leading
spirit of the woman's page, who was as
proud of ' her .weekly contributions', as
though they had been Inspired by the
genius of George Eliot. 7
"Well," she said, and her rouge be
came quite unnecessary in the flood of
natural color that rose to her face, "if
I was going to tackle that subject I
think you'd be about the. best person. to
come to for Information. For, if you
ever have had anything to do. with
crowned heads it's been as their boot
black."
¦ ¦¦¦¦'¦ ' ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦¦- ¦ - ¦ . ¦ ¦ '.-.-... ¦ ¦ , . .
THE, SAN: -FRANCISCO SUNDAY' GALL.
3He tried the desk with an unsteady
hand. It was locked, but the insertion
of a steel file he carried broke the frail
clasp. It gave with a sharp click and
he stood, his hair stirring, watching the
top of her head. It dd not move, the
silence resettled, he could, again hear
her light, even breathing.
There wera many papers in the desk,
bundles of letters, souvenirs of old days
of affluence. He tossed them aside with
tremulous quickness until, underneath
all. he came on a long., dirty envelope
and a little chamois < leather bag. : He
lifted the latter. p It was -heavy and
emitted a faint chink. The old thief s
Shifting his position he pressed his
cheek against the glass and squinted in
sidewiso to where a deepening and quiv
ering of the light spoke of a fire. Then
he saw the figure of the sleeping woman,
lying in an attitude of complete repose
In the armchair. He gazed at her striv
ing to gauge the depth of her sleep. One
of her h/snds hang over the arm of the
-chair, with the gleam of the fire flicker
ing on the white skin. The same light
touched a strand of loosened hair. »Her
face was in profile toward him, the chin
pressed down on the shoulder. It looked
like a picture in its suggestion of pro
found unconsciousness. <
* He pushed fearfully on the cross-bar
of the pane, and the window rose a hair's
breadth. Then again, and it was high
enough up for him to insert his hand.
He did so. and drew forward the curtain
of heavy rep bo as to hide from the
sleeper the gradual stages of his en
trance. By degrees he raised It to a
height sufficient to permit the passage
of his body. The curtain shielded the
girl from the current of cold air that en
tered the room. He crept in softly on
his hands and knees, then rose to his
feet.
For a moment he made no further
movement, but stood, his gaze riveted
on the sleeper, watching for a symptom
of roused consciousness. She slept, on
peacefully, the light sound of her
breathing faintly audible.
The silence of the hushed house
seemed weirdly terrifying after the
tumult of the night outside. The thief
stole forward to the desk, his eye con
tinually turned toward her. When he
reached the table she war so far be
hind him that he could only see the
sweep of her wrapper on the floor, her
shoulder . and the top of her head over,
the chair back. *
The loud drumming of the rain on the
balcony roof drowned the crackle of the
tin under a feeling foot. To. slide there
from the limb only occupied a moment.
The branch had grown well up over the
roof, grating now and then against it
when the wind was high. The thin
streak of light from between the cur
tains made the man wary. Why was she
burning a light at this hour unless she
was sleepless and up?
Pressed close to the pane he applied
his eye to the crack which was the wid
est near the sill. He saw a portion of
the room, looking curiously vivid and
distinct in the narrow concentration of
his view. It seemed flooded with un
steady, warmly yellow light Straight
before him he saw a table with a rifled
tea-tray on it, and back of that another
table. The one eye pressed to the crack
grew absorbed as it focused itself on
the second table. Among a litter of
books, ornaments and feminine trifles,
stood a small desk of dark wood. It was
as if it had been placed there to catch
his attention — the goal of his line of
vision.
Then the men, waiting for the hour of
deepest sleep and darkness, continued to
sit, occasionally speaking, the light of
the leaping flames catching and losing
their anxious faces as the firelight in
another room was touching the face of
the sleeping girl of whom they talked.
It was nearly three when a movement
of life stirred the blackness of the Gar
cia garden. The rushing of the rain beat
down all sound; In the moist sodden
ness of the earth no trace lingered. The
pepper-tree bent and cracked to the
(rusts as it did to the additional weight
of the creeping figure In its boughs.
This was merely a shapeless bulk' of
blackness amid the fine and broken
blackness of the swaying foliage. It
stole forward with noiseless caution,
though it might have shouted and all
sound been lost in the angry turmoil of
the night. Creeping upward along the
great limb that stretched to the balcony
roof, a perpendicular knife-edge of light
that gleamed from between the curtains
of a window, now and then crossed its
face, sometimes dividing it clearly in
two, sometimes illuminating one atten
tive eye. a small shining point of life in
the dead murk around It, one eye. usjIow
with purpose, gleaming startlingly from
blackness.
He drew his chair to the other side of
the fire and began to talk — his voice low
and quiet at first, growing urpent and
authoritative, as Harney shrank before
the dangers of the work expected of him.
The moments ticked by, the fire growing
hotter and brighter, the roaring of the
storm sounding above the voices of the
master and the tool. The night was half
spent before Harney was conquered and
instructed.
"Big work, and with big money be
hind it," said the younger man; "and
when it's done we each get our share
and go our ways, George Harney."
"Have Is h&ve, however men rca.v, catch." —
Shakespeare.
Under cover of the darkness Essex
hurried down the street toward where the
city passed from a-place of homes to a
business mart. He had at first no fixed
idea of a goal, but after a few moments'
rapid march, realized that habit was tak
ing him in the direction of Bertrand's.
An Illumined clock face shining on him
over the roofs told him it was some time
past his dinner hour. He obeyed his in
stinct and bent his steps toward the res
taurant, throwing the cloak over the
fence of a vacant lot and wiping the
trickle of blood from his cheek with his
handkerchief.
He was cool and master of himself
once more. His brain was cleared, as a
sky by storm, wjid he knew that to
night's interview, must be one of the last
he would have with the woman who had
come to stand to him for love, wealth,
success and happiness. He must win or
lose all within the next few days. '
A half-hour later he was lighting the
gas in his own room in' Bush street. The
damp' air of the night entered through a
crack of opened window, introducing a
breath of sweet, moist freshness into the
smoke-saturated chamber. He threw off
his coat and lit the fire. As soon as it
had caught satisfactorily he left the
room, crossed the hall noiselessly, and
with a slight preliminary knock, opened
Harney's door. The man was sitting
there in a broken rocking-chair, reading
the evening paper by the light of a
flaming gas-jet. He had tho air of one 1
who was waiting, and as Essex's head
was advanced round the edge of the door
he looked up with alert, expectant eyes.
"Come into my room," said the young
er man; "there's work for you tornight."
Harney threw down his paper and fol
lowed him across the hall. It was evi
dent that he was sober, and beyond this
some new sense of Importance and pow
er had taken from his manner its old
deprecation. They were equals now, pals
and partners. The drunken type-setter
and one-time thief was still under Barry
Essex's thumb, but he was also deep in
his conf denco.
He sat down in his old seat by the
fire, his eyes on Essex.
"What's up?" he said; ."what work
have you got for mo such a night as
this?"
A NIGHT'S WORK.
She hastily took off her things and put
on dry ones, and then shrugged herself
into the thick wrapper of black and
white that had been her mother's. Even
her hair was wet. she found out as she
undressed, and she mechanically undid
it, and shook the damp locks loose on
her Bhoulder*. She felt penetrated with
cold, and still overmastered by fear. Ev
ery gust that made the long limb of the
pepper-tree grate against the balcony
roof caused her heart to leap. When she
opened the door to get her supper, the
glow of light that fell from Barron's
room, across the hallway, came to her
¦with a hall of friendship and life. She
stood listening, and heard the creak of
his rocking-chair, then smelt the whiff of
a cigar. He was close to her. She shut
the door, feeling her terrors allayed.
Ehe picked at her supper, but soon set
the tray on the center-table and took the
easy-chair before the fire. The sense of
physical cold was passing off. but tho in
describable' oppression and apprehen
sion remained. She did not know exactly
what she dreaded, bat she felt in some
vague way that she would be safer sit
ting thus clad and wakeful before the fire
than sleeping in her bed. Once or twice,
as the hours passed an? her fears
strengthened in the silence and mystery
of the night, she crept to her door, and
opening it. looked up the hall. The
square of light was still there, the scent
Suddenly she heard the thud of bis
feet behind her. An agony of fright
prized her. The Garcia house was at
least two blocks farther on, and she
knrw he would overtake her before then.
A black doorway with a huddle of little
trees, formless and dark now, loomed
close by, and toward this she darted,
crouching down among the small wet
trunks of the shrubs and parting the fol
iage with shaking hands.
There was a lamp not far off and in its
rays she saw him running up, still hold-
Ing the cloak in a black bunch over his
arm. He- stopped Just beyond where she
cowered, and looked irresolutely up and
down. The lamplight fell on his face,
and in certain angles she saw it plainly,
pale and glistening with moisture, all
keen and alert with a look of attentive
cunning. He moved his head this way
and that, evidently trusting more to
hearing than to sight. His eyes, no
longer half veiled in cold indifference,
swept her hiding-place with the preoccu
pation-of one who listens intently. He
looked te her like some thwarted animal
barkening- for the steps of his prey. Her
terror grew with the sight of him. She
thought if he had approached the bushes
she would have swooned before he
reached them.
Presently he turned and went down
the hllL iii the pause his reason had re
asserted itself, and he felt that to hound
her down with more threats and re
proaches was useless folly
i^JS«t. with her. reason and Judgment
tVI-« hopelessly submerged by terror,
tile crept out from among the shrubs
with white face and trembling limbs
and fled up the hill in a wild, breathless
race, hearing Essex in every sound. The
rain had dripped on her through th«
bushes, and these last two blocks under
its unrestrained fury .soaked her to the
Her haunting fear did not Iea\£ her
till she had rushed up the stairs and
opened the door of the glass porch. She
was fumbling in her pocket for the
latchkey, wtien the inner door was op
ened and Barron stood in the aperture,
the lighted hall behind him.
"What on earth has delayed you?" he
said sharply- "They're all at supper. I
was Just going down to Mrs. Wlllers' to
see what was keeping you."
She stumbled in at the door, and stood
in the revealing light of the hall, for the
moment unable to answer, panting and
drenched.
"What's the matter?" he said sudden
ly In a dlffarent tone and quickly step
ping back be shut the door into the din
ing-room. "Has anything happened?"
"Tra— only— only — frightened," she
rasped between broken breaths. "Some
thins frightened me."
She reeled and caught, against the
door-post. . ;
Tm all wet," »he whispered with
white lips; "don't let them know. I
don't want any dinner."
He put his arm around her and drew
her toward the ¦lairs. He could feel her
trembling like a person with an asne and
her saturated clothes left rillets along
the stall's. -
When they were half way up he said:
"How did you get *o wet? Have you
been out In this storm without an um
brella?"
"I lost it/* she whi«per»d.
"Lost it?" he replied. "Where's your
cloak?"
"Somewhere," she esid vaguely,
"somewhere in the street. I lost that,
too."
They were at the top of the stairs. She
suddenly turned toward him and pressed
her face Into his shoulder, trembling Ilka
a terrified animal.
"I'm frightened," she whispered.
"Don't tell them downstairs. . Til tell you
to-morrow. Don't ask me anything to
night."
He took her into her room and placed
her in an armchair by the fireplace. He
lit the gas and drew the curtains, and
then knelt by the hearth to kindle the
fire, saying nothing and apparently tak
ing little notice of her. fine sat dully
watching him, her hands In her lap, the
water running off her skirts along the
carpet^
When be had lit the fire he said:
"Now, I'll go, and you take off your
things. I'll bring you up some supper in
half an hour. Be quick, you're soaking.
I'll tell them downstairs you're too tired
to come down."
He went out, softly closing the door.
She sat on in her wet clothes, feeling the
growing warmth of the flames on her
face and hands. 'She seemed to fall into
a lethargy of exhaustion and sat thus
motionless, the water running unheeded
on the carpet, frissons of cold occasion
ally shaking her. till a knock at the door
roused her. Then she suddenly remem
bered Barron and his command to take
off her wet clothes. 8he had them on
still and he would be angry.
"Put it down on the chair outside,"
she called thr«fcgh the door; "I'm not
ready."
"Won't you open the door and take
this whisky and drink at once?" came
his answer.
She opened the door a crack and, put
ting her hand through the aperture, took
the glass with the whisky.
"Are you warm and dry?" he said; all
ehe could see of him was his big hand
clasped round the glass.
"Yes, quite," she answered, though she
felt her skin quivering with cold against
the damp garments that seemed glued.to
"Well, drink this now, right off. And
listen — " as the door began to close — "if
you cet nervous or anything Just come
to your door and call me. I'll leave mine
open, and I'm a very light sleeper."
Then before she could answer she felt
the door-handle pulled from, the outside
and the door was shut.
your mother's — "
With a cry of rage and despair Mari
posa tried to tear herself from him. Na
ture aided her. for at the same moment
a savage gust of wind seized the umbrel
la and wrenched It this way and that.
Instinctively he loosened his hold on her
to grasp it. and In that one moment she
tore herself away from him. He gripped
at the flapping wing of her cloak, and
caupht it. But the strain was too much
for the cheap metal clasp, which broke,
and Mariposa slipped out of it and flew
Into the fury of the rain, leaving the
cloak in his hand.
The roar of many waters and the
shouting of the wind obliterated the
Bound of her flying feet. The darkness,
shot through with the blurred faces of
lamps or the long rays from an occa
sional uncurtained pane, in a moment
absorbed her black figure. Essex stood
motionless, stunned at the suddenness
of her escape, the sodden cloak trailing
from his band. Then shaken out of all
reason by rage, not knowing what he In
tended doing. h« started in pursuit.
She feared this and her burst of brav
ery was exhausted. As she ran up the
steep street having only the darkness to
hide her, her heart seemed shriveled
with the fear of him.
Barron sat on. till the dawn broke gray
through the hall- window. .He was .be
ginning to wonder if this girl. was the
central figure of some drama, secret, In
tricate and unsuspected, which was
working out to its conclusion. ¦ .
A few minutes later the young widow
found him sitting on a chair under a
lamp In the hall
"Well." he said eagerly, "how is she?"
."She's come back to her senses ' all
right. But she doesn't seem to want to
tell what he took. She says It was a pa
per, ' and that's all. and; that she never
saw him before. ¦ Mother doesn't ¦ think
we ought to worry her. . She says she's
got a fever, and she's going to give her
medicine to make her sleep, and not to
disturb her till she wakes up. She's all
broken up and sort of limp and trembly.".
. "Well. I suppose the senora knows
best. It'll be light soon now, and I'll go
to the police station. The senora and
you will stay wlth^her?"
"O yes." said Mrs. Garcia, the younger.
"My" goodness, ', what a night's It's been!
It's lucky the man didn't get her money.
There was quite a lot; about five hun
dred-dollars. I should think. Oh, my"
curl papers! I forgot them. Gracious,
what a elsht I must look!" and she shuf
fled down the stairs.
With the assistance of old Mrs. Garcia
he lifted her and carried her to the bed.
One of her arms fell limp against his
shoulder as he laid her down, and the
old lady uttered an. exclamation. She lift
ed it up and showed him a curious red
welt on the white wrist. ,
"It's a burn," she said. "How did she
get that?"
"She must have .fallen against the
grate," . he answered. His eyes grew
dark as they encountered the scar. "As
soon as she's conscious tell me."
"All right. I'll wait till it gets light.
I'll lift her up now, If you'll get the bed
ready."
"Oh, but don't go till it gets light. The
window's broken and any one can come
in who wants." ... .
"There's nothing to be scared about.
The man's got what he wanted, and he'll
take precious good care not, to. come
back."
"Oh, don't leave us," Implored Mrs.
Garcia junior, "if there are burglars any
where round. Oh. please don't go. Pier
pont's away and we'd have no man in the
house. Don't go till morning. I'm just
as scared as I can be!"
"It was a> robber." said the old woman,
looking at the scattered gold, "but he
didn't get her money. What was It he
took. I wonder?"
"Some papers, I think," said Barron.
"that were evidently of value to her. I'll
lift her up and put her on the bad and
then I'll go. As soon as she's conscious
ask her what the man took and come and
tell me. and I'll go right to the police
station."
"We heard the most awful shrieks, and
we rushed up, and here she v/aa stand
ing and screaming: 'He's got it! He's
got it!' And then she fell flat, quite sud
denly, and has lain here this way ever
since."
The old lady, in' some wondrous and
Intimate deshabille, creett-d him eagerly
In Spanish, demanding what| had hap
pened. He told her all he knew and
knelt down beside the younger, Mrs. Gar
cia, who was attempting with' a shaking
hand to pour brandy between Marlposa's
set teeth.
In fifteen minutes Barron was back
and found the Garcia ladles .In Mari
posa's room, ministering to the girl, wlio
lay in a heavy swoon, stark anct white on
the hearth-rug. ';, ' - t ¦' *
"Not the money — not the money," sho
shrieked, wringing her hands; "the pa
per — the certificate! He's got It and
gone, this way. through the window."
Barron grasped the fact.tha"t »he- had
been robbed of something other than the
money, the loss of which seemed to ren
der her half distracted. With a hasty
word of reassurance he turned and ran
from the room springing down the stairs
and across the hall. In the instant's
pause by the window he had heard the
sound of feet on the steps below and
judged that' he could- get down more
quickly by the stairs than by the limb of
the tree.
But the few minutes' start and the
darkness of the night were on the side of
the thief. The roar of the rain drowned
his footsteps. . Barron ran this way and
that, but neither sight nor sound of his
quarry was vouchsafed to him. The
man had got away with his booty, what
ever it was. - - ,
"He's got it!" she cried wildly, and
struggling to her feet rushed to the win
dow. "He's got it! Oh, go after him!
Stop him!"
"Got what?" he said. "No, he hasn't
got the money. It's all there."
He seized her by the arm, for she
seemed as if intending to go through the
broken window.
Harney made h dash for the open win
dow, but she caught him by the shoul
der and arm, and with the unimpaired
strength of her healthy .'youth struggled
with him hand to hand, reaching out for
the paper he tried to keep out of her
prasp. In the fury of the moment's con
flict, neither made any sound, but fought
like two enraged • animals, rocking to
and fro, panting and clutching at each
other.
He finally wrenched his arm free and
struck her a savage blow aimed at her
head but falling on her shoulder, which
sent her down on her. knees and then
back against the fire. He thought he
had stunned her. and raised his ' arm
again when she sprang up, tore the paper
out of his grasp and pressed it with her
hand down into the coals beside her. As
she did so. for tho first .time she raised
her volco and shrieked:
"Mr. Barron! Mr. Barron! Come,
come! Oh. hurry!" '
From the hall Harney heard a move
ment and an answering. shout. With the
cries echoing through tho room he beat
her down against the grate, and tore the
paper, curling with fire on 'the edges,
fro mher hand. With It. he dashed
through the open sash, a shiver of glass
following him.
Almost simultaneously, Barron burst
into the room. He had been reading and
had fallen asleep to be waked by the
shrieks of the girl's voice, which were
still in his ears. The falling of broken
glass and a rush of cold air from the
opened window greeted him. Piled on
the table and scattered about the floor
were gold pieces. Mariposa was kneel
ing on tho rug.
At ; that moment the fire. - a heap of
red ruins, fell together, with' a small
clinking sound. It was no louder noise
than he had mado; when opening the
desk, but it contained some penetrating
quality the former^ had lacked. . Still
hesitating, with the sack of 'money in
his hand, he turned "again to the chair.
A face, white and wide-eyed, was star
ing at him round the side.
He gave a smothered ' oath and the
sack dropped from his hand to the table.
The money fell- from it in a clattering
heap and rolled about, in golden zigzags
in every direction. The sound roused
the still unawakened Intelligence of the
girl. She saw the paper in his hand,
half-opened, i Its familiarity broke
through her dazed senses. She rose and
rushed at him gasping:.,.
"The. certificate! the certificate!"
instincts rose jn him. But .', he first
opened the envelope, and softly, drew out
the two certificates, ; took:* the one he
wanted and put the other > back. , Then
ho opened the mouth of the bag. The
gleam of gold shone from the aperture.
Stricken with' temptation he stood hesi
tating. . . r .•...¦. .
UThe thought had hardly formed in Jier
mind when she -was out In the hall and
stealing noiselessly r. down the , stairs of
the s silent house. >It her as odd
that -the house should - be so ' quiet,' as
these .were the hours In twhlch Pierpont's
pupils I usually | made ¦ the 1 welkin j resound
, with their efforts. ; . Perhaps he ¦- was out.
But this was: not* so, for In the lower hall
she met the girl 'with the fair; hair r and
prominent: blue eyes $ who possessed , the
fine ' soprano , voice '; she : had . so , often • lis
tened •' to.' ' and .who < in : response ¦ to her
query told her that Mr. Pierpont was in,
The hope shook her out of the lethargy
of;fever, and her mind sprang into ex
cited action like, a loosened spring. She
went to her. desk and placed the ' gold
back In Its. bag. The five hundred dollars
that had seemed so meaningless had now
a use. It would take her away to Eu
rope. ; With the three ¦ hundred : she -" still
had In the bank, it would be enough .to
live I on. Money went a long ' way . over
there.; she had hearaV She .could study
and sing and become famous. .
It all seemed suddenly possible, almost
easy. Only, leaving would be hard—fear
fully." She thought of the door up the
passage and the vole* that In those first
days of her feebleness had called a greet
ing to her every, morning; the man's deep
voice with its strong, ; cheery, note. ( Ami
then like a peevish child, sick and unrea
sonable, she foud herself saying:
: "Why - does < he - leave me how when I
want him so?" 1 - , . a-,
¦ /No— her voice was all she had. Sho
would live for It ' and be ; famous, " ; and' the
year of terror and anguish she had spent
in San Francisco would -become a' dim
memory up ( on which. she could some day
look back with ; calm. : > But • before she
went t- she would sing j for. Pierpont ; and
hear what he said. . . ¦ :
She stopped In her dressing and
pressed her hands to her face. ". How
could she live till next Sunday, and
then, when Sunday came." live through
it? There were three days yet before
Sunday. Might not something be done
in three days? But she could think
of nothing. Something had happened
to her brain. If there -as some one
to help her! *
And with that came the thought of
Barron. A flash of relief went through
her. He would help Her; he would do
something. She had no idea what, but
something, and. uplirted by the idea,
she opened the door and looked up the
hall. She felt a sudden drop of hope
when sho saw that his door was closed.
But she stole up the passage, watching
it. not knowing what she 'Intended say
ing to him. only actuated by tho de
sire to throw her responsibilities on
him and ask for his help. •
v Tho door was ajar and she listened
outside it. There was no sound from
within and no scent of cigar-smoke. She
tapped softly and receiving no answer
pushed it open and peerqd fearfully in.
The room was empty. \ The mark's
clothes were thrown . about careless
ly, his table littered with papers and
books. From the crevice of the
opened window came the smell and the
sound of the rain, with a chill, bleak
suggestion.
A sudden throttling sense of lonely
helplessness overwhelmed her. She
stood looking blankly about, at the
ashes of cigars in a china saucer,
at an old valise gaping open in a cor
ner. The room seemed to her to have
a vacated air, and she remembered
hearing Barron, a lew days before,
speak of going to the mines again soon.
Her mind leaped to the conclusion that
he. had gone. Her hopes suddenly fell
around her in ruins, and in his looking
glass she saw a blancned face that she
hardly recognized as her own.
Stealing back to her room sho sat
down on the bed again. The house was
curiously quiet, and m this silence her
thoughts -began once more to revolve
round the one . hope. Then sud
denly they broke into a burst
of rebellion. She could not bear it. She
must go, somewhere/anywhere to escape.
She would flee away like 'some hunted
animal and hide, creeping Into some dark
distant place and cowering' there. But
where would she go, and what would she
do? The world outside seemed one vast
menace waiting to spring on her. If her
head would stop aching and', the fever
that burned her body and clouded her
brain would cease for a moment,- she
could think and come to a- conclusion.
But now— ... . ;
And suddenly, . as she thought, a. whis
per seemed to come to her, clear and dis
tinct • like a revelation — "You . have • your
voice!" , ' .
It lifted her to her feet. For a moment
the pain and confusion of developing Ill
ness left her; and she felt a thrill of re
turning energy. She had it still, the one
great gift neither enemies nor misfor
tune could, take from her — her. voice!, -
hills at top speed, urged on" by lsis- de
sire to hear '• news of Mariposa. He
burst into the , house to find * it silent —
the. hall empty.. *As he was hanging his
hat on the. rack, young Mrs. Garcia ap
peared from "the kitchen, her bang some
what limp, though it was "still early in
.the. day. her face looking small and peak
ed after her, exciting night's vigil.
. Mariposa, was still, asleep, she said in
answer to his query. The senora had
given her a powerful sleeping draught
and had said that the rest would be the
boat restorative after 'such a shock. If,
after she' waked up. she showed symp
toms of suffering or prostration, . they
would -send- for the doctor. .
. A cautious inspection made i'.f ter dinner
by young Mrs. Garcia resulted i;v the in
formation that : Mariposa .=till slept. Bar
ro:i. who was' feverishly desirous to
¦ kn-»w ho*v she progressed and also anx
ious to learn from her the nature of the
lost document, was forred to leave with
out-seeing her. -A business engagement
of the utmost importance claimed him at
his office, at 2 or he would have awaited
her awakening.
It was nearly an hour later 'before this
occurred. The dru.? the genora had ad
ministered was a heroic remedy, relic. of
the days when doctors were a rarity ami
the medicine chest of the hardy Spaniard
contained few. but powerful potions. The
girl rose, feeling weak, and dizzy. F r
some time she found it difficult to clieei
her thoughts and sat on the edge of her
bed. eying the disordered room with un
comprehending glances. Bodily di?t:om
fort at first absorbed her mind. A fever
burned through her. her head ached, hsr
limb" felt leaden and stiff.
The siiyht of the opened desk- gave the
Jillip to her befogged memory, and sud
denly the events of tho night rushed back
on her with stunning force. She felt, at
first, that it must be a dream., But the
rifled desk, with the v money which ¦ tha
Garcias had gthered up and laid in n,
glittering heap on- the 'table, told her of
its truth. The man's face, ypllow and
flabbjs with the dark line of the shaven
beard clearly marked on his jaw.-?,
and the friyhtened rat's eyes, came
back to her as he had turned in
the first paralyzed moment of fear.
With hot, unsteady hands, she searched
through the scattered papers and then
about the room. In the hope that he had
dropped tho paper in the struggle. But
all search was fruitless. She remem
bered his tearing it from her grasp as
Barron's shout had sounded in the
passage. He had escaped with it. Tho
irrefutable evidence or the marriage
was in Essex's hand. He had her un
der his feet. It was the end.
She began to dress slowly and with
constant pauses. Every movement
.seemed an effort: every stage of her
toilet loomed colossal before her. The
one horror of the situation kept revolv
ing in her brain, ane she found-it im
possible to detach her thoughts from
It and fix them on anything else. At
the same time she could think of no
way to escape or to light against it. -
Next Sunday it wou:c be In The Era.
Those words seemed written in letters
of fire on the walls, and repeated them
selves in maddening revolution in her
mind. It would, bo all there, sensa
tionally displayed as the other old
scandals had been. She saw the tragic
secret of the two lives that- had shel
tered' hers, the love that had be?n s<$
sacred a thing written of with all the
defiling brutality of the common scribe
and his common reader, for all the
world of the low and ignoblo to jeer
at and spit upon.
A BROKEN TOOf* .< * ¦
"A plague o" both your houMrf
They have made worms' meat of tat."
•.:-"r.t.r — Shakespeare.
It bad been close upon half -past two
when Harney had left the house in Bush
street. Essex at the window had heard
the sound of bis retreating feet soon lost
in the rush of the rain and had then re
turned to the fire. He had made a close
calculation of the time Harney should
take. To go and come ought not to oc
cupy more than a half-hour. The theft,
itself. If no mischances occurred, should
be accomplished in ten or fifteen min
utes.
As the. hands of the clock on the table
drew near three, the man rose -from his
post by the fire and began to move rest
lessly about the room. The house was
wrapped in the dead stillness of sleep.
• round whleh the turmoil of .the storm
circled and upon which It seemed to
press. Pausing to listen, he could hear
the creak and groan of the old walls, as
the wind buffeted them." Once, thinking
he heard a furtive step, he 'went to the
door, opened it and peered out Into the
blackness of the hall. The stairs still
creaked : as if to a light ascending foot,
but his eyes encountered nothing but the
Impenetrable darkness, charged with the
familiar smell of stale smoke. .
. - Back in his . room he went to the win
dow and, throwing it wide, leaned out
listening. 'The rain fell with a continu
ous drumming rustle, through which the
chinks and gurgles of water caught In
y small channels penetrated .with a near
by.'clearness. Here and there the dark
ness broke away In splinters from a
'sputtering lamp, and, where Its licht
touched ¦ everything gleamed and
tened., Gusts of wind rose and fell, tore
the wet bushes in the garden below and
"btitnot giving leisons this afternoon.
: In answer ¦ to her knock she' heard 'his
"come in" 'and opened the door. He was
sitting on a divan idly turning over somo
loose sheets of music. The large, sparse
ly furnished room— it was in , reality the
back • drawing-room of the house— looked
curiously gray and cold in the drear aft
ernoon, light. It was only slightly fur
nished—his bed and toilet articles being
In a curtained alcove. In the center of it»
unadorned, occupied bareness, the .grand
piano, gleaming ricnly, 'stood open, tho
stool in front of it.
"Miss Moreau." he said, starting to
his feet. "I thought you were sick in bed.
How are you? You've had a dreadful
experience. I've been sending away my
pupils because I was ' told you were
. aaleop."
"Oh. I'm quite -well now," she said,
"only my head aches a little. Yes. I was
frightened last night — a burglar came
in, crept up the bough of the pepper
tree. I was dreadfully frightened then,
but I'm all right now. I've come to sing
for you."
"To sins for me!" he exclaimed: "but
you're not well enough to sing. You've
had a bad fright and you look — excuse
me" — lie took her hand — "you're burning
up with fever. Take my advice and go
upstairs, and as soon as Mrs. Garcia
comes in we'll get a doctor."
"No— no!" she said almost violently;
"I'm quite well now. My hand's hot and
so Ms -my head, but that's natural after
. thp fright I had last night. I want to
sing tor you now and see what you say
ali-nit my voice." ' .
"But. you know, you can't do yourself
justice -and I can't form a fair opinion.
Why do you want to sing this afternoon
when you wouldn't all winter?/' •
"\V(-11." she said, "I don't mind telling
' you. I'm going to Europe to study.. I've
just made up my mind."
"Going to - Ku rope! Isn't that very
sudden? But it. will be splendid! When
are you going?" % ¦ -
"Soon — in a day or two — as soon as I
can get my things packed in my trunks."
He looked at her curiously. Her man
ner, which was usually calm and delib
erate, was marked by tremulous restless
ness. She spoke rapidly and like one la
boring under suppressed excitement.
"Come." she said, going to the piano
stool and pushing It nearer the keyboard,
"I'll be. very busy now and I don't want
to waste any time."
He moved reluctantly to the piano and
seated himself.
"Have you your music?" he asked.
"No, but I can sing what sime of your
pupils do. I can sing 'Knowcst Thou the
Land?' and Mrs. Burrell sings that.
Where is it?" , ¦
Her feverish haste and nervousness
impressed him more than ever ss her
hands tossed aside the sheets of piled-up
music, throwing them about the piano
and snatching at them as they slipped
to the floor. From there he picked up
the Migrion aria which she had over
looked and spreading it on the rack
struck the first opening notes. She lean
ed over him to seethe first line and he
felt that she was trembling violently. He
raised his hands and wheeled round on
the stool.
."Miss. Moreau." he said, "I truly don't
think you're well enough to sing. Don't
you think we'd better put it off till to
morrow?"
"No. no — I'm going to^now. I'm ready.
I'm anxious to. I must. Begin again,
please." •
He turned obediently and began again
to play the chords of accompaniment. He
had been for a long time Intensely anx
ious to hear her voice, of which he had
heard so much. It irritated him now to
have her determined to sing when she
was obviously ill and still suffering from
the effects of her fright.
The accompaniment reached the point
where the voice joins it. He played soft
ly, alert for the first rich note. Maripo
sa's chest rose with an Inflation of air
and she began to sing. .
A sound, harsh, veiled and thin, filled
the room. There.' was ,no volume, nor
resonance, nor beauty In It. It was the
ghost of a voice.
The teacher was so shocked that for a
moment he fumbled in the .familiar ac
companiment. ¦ Then ¦ he went on, bend
ing his head low over the keys, fearful of
her seeftis his face. ? Sounds unmusical,
rasping' and discordant came from her
lips. Everything. that had once made it
rich and splendid was now gone, the very
vojums of it had dwindled to a thin, muf
fled thread, the color had flown from
every tone.
For a bar or two she went on, then
she stopped. Pierpont dared not turn at
first. But. he heard her behind him say
hoarsely: ,
. "What— what— is It?"
Then he wheeled round and saw her
with wild eyes and white lips.
For a moment he could say nothlnsr.
Her appearance struck him with alarm
and he sat dumb on the stool staring at
her.
"What is it?" she cried. "What has
happened to it? Where la my voice?"
"It's — It's — certainly not In good condi
tion." he stammered.
"It'a gone," she answered In a wail of
ajrony: "it's gone. My voice has gone!
What shall I do? It's gone!"
"Your fright" of last night has affected
it." he said, speaking as ikindly as he
could, "and you're not well. I told you
you were feverish and ought not to sing.
Rest will probably restore it."
"Let me try It again." she said wildly.
"It may be better. Play again."
lie played over the opening bars again,
and once more she drew the deep breath
that In the past had always brought with
It so much of exultation and began to
sing. The same feeble sounds, obscured
as though passing through a thick, muf
fling medium, hoarse, flat, unlovely, came
with labor from her parted lips.
They broke suddenly Into a wild animal
cry of despair. Pierpont rose from the
stool and went toward her, where she
stood with her arms drooping' by her
sides, pallid and terrible.
"Don't look like that," he said, taking
her hand: "there's no doubt the voice
has been Injured. But rest does a great
deal and after a shock like last night—"
. She. tore herself, from him and ran to
the door crying:
"Oh. my voice! My voice! It was all
I had!" t
He followed her Into the hall, not know-
Ing what to say in the face of such a ca
lamity, only anxious to offer her some
consolation. But she ran from him, up
the stairs with a frantic ¦ speed. As he
put his foot on the lower step he heard
her door. ¦
• He turned round and went back slowly
to hia ' room. He was shocked and
amazed, and a little relieved that he •
had failed to catch her, for he had.
no words ready for such a misfortune.
Her i voice was completely gone. She .
was unquestionably ill and nervoua — but —
He sat down on the "divan, shaking his
head. , He had never heard a voice
more. utterly lost and wrecked.
Barron's business engagement de
tained him longer than he had expeoted.
The heavy rain was shortening the al
ready short . February - day \ with a
premature, dusk .when he * opened the
gate of the Garcia house and mounted
theateps. ""•
He had made a cursory investigation
of the, ground under "> the 'pepper tree
when he went out In the early morning.
Now. before the light died, he' again
; stepped under | Its .brunches for a. more
thorough: survey. The foliage was so
thick that no grass ¦¦ grew where the
tree's shadow fell, ana r.ie rain sifted
through it In occasional dribbles or
shaken showers. The bare stretch of
ground. was now an expanse of mud. In
terspersed ' with:, puddles. 'Here and
there a footprint 3tll v remained, full of
;water. -H". moved about the : base . of
the tree studying these, then looking
¦ up ;t into "the, branch along .which the
burglar, had c-ept to the balcony. What
paper could trie girl have possessed of
'sufficient -value to lure ¦ a ; man to such
rlSkS? ¦-- 1 " •" '¦¦-•¦¦:• ¦ . • '. ;-,— ' '
With his mind full of this thought
his glance . dropped to the ' root of ¦ the
trunk. - A ' piece of .burnt paper,' half
covered with the trampled mud. caught
his eye. ' and he pickets ; it ,up t and ab- 5
sently glanced. at; it. He was about to
throw ft over - the . fence into the road,
when he saw the name of : Jacob
CHAPTER XXII
of the cigar pungent on the air. She
shut the door softly, each time feeling
soothed as by the pressure of a strong,
loving hand.
Some time toward tho middle 1 of tho
night the heaviness of sleep came on her,
and though she fought against it, feel
ing that the safety she was struggling
to maintain against mysterious menace
was only to be preserved by wakeful
ness, nature overcame her. Curled In
her chair before the crumbling lire, she
finally slept — the deep, motionless* sleep
of physical and mental exhaustion.
"Perhaps the robber came and took her
away," said Benito in a voice of terror.
No one paid any attention. As If .by
common consent all present fastened
questioning eyes on Barron. He stood
looking down, his brows knit. The si
lence of dumb uneasiness was broken by
the entrance of the Chinaman from the
kitchen. With the expressionless phlegm
of his race he lit the two hall gas jets,
gently but firmly moving the senora out
of his way, and paying no attention to
the silent group at the stair foot.
"Ching," said Barron suddenly, "have
you seen Miss Moreau this afternoon?"
"Yes." returned the Celestial, carefully
adjusting the tap of the second gas, "she
go out hap-past four. She heap hurry.
She look welly bad — heap sick I guess;
no umblella; get awful wet."
With his noiseless tread he retreated
up the passage to the kitchen.
"Well. I'll go," said Barron suddenly.
"She's Just possibly gone out to see some
one and will be back soon. Bat no um
brella In this. rain! Have her room warm
and everything ready."
- He turned round and in an Instant was
gone. 'The little group at the stalrpost
looked at one another with pale faces.
It was possible that Mariposa had gone
out to see some one. But the dread of
disaster was at every heart.
"That's what I told her. but she in
sisted. She was determnled to. She said
she was going to Europe to study." . •
"Going to Europe!" It was Barren's
deep voice that put the question this
time, Mrs. Garcia being too astonished
by this last piece of intelligence to have
breath for speech. "When was she go
ing to Europe?"
"In a day or two — as soon as she could
pack her trunks, she said. I don't really
think she was quite accountable for
what she said. She was burning with a
fever and she seemed in a tremendously
wrought-up state. - 1 think the fright of
the night before had quite upset her. I
tried to cheer her up, but she ran away
as if she was frantic. Have any of you
seen her?"
"No," said Mrs. Garcia, her voice curi
ously Hat. "She's gone."
"Gone?" echoed Pierpont. "Gone
where?"
"Wo don't any of us know. But she's
not in the house anywhere. And now it's
getting dark and — " .
There was a pause, one of those preg
nant pauses of mute anxiety, while each
eyed the other with glances full of ah
alarmed surmise.
i'Lost her voice!" ejaculated Mrs. Oar
ela in a low gasp of horror. "Good
heavens!"
The boys looked from one to the other
with the round eyes of growing fear and
dread. The calamity, as announced by
Pierpont, did not seem adequate for the
consternation it caused, but an oppres
sive sense of apprehension was in the
air.
"What made her want to sing?" said
the widow; "she was too sick to sing."
The opening of Fierpont's door roused
thsm. The young man appeared in the
aperture and then came slowly forward.
"Havo-you seen Miss Moreau?" he said
to young Mrs. Garcia.
"No," said Barron hurriedly; "but
have" you?"
"Yes; she was down in my room this
afternoon singing."
"Singing!" echoed the others in wide
eyed amazement.
"Yes, and I am rather anxious about
her. That's why I came out when I
iicard your voices. She's had a pretty
severe disappointment, I'm afraid. She
seems to have lost her voice."
They stood silent for a moment, eyeing
one another with faces of disturbed
query.
"No — that's what's so funny. I thought
she was sleeping an awful long time and
I Just peeked in and she isn't there. And
Benito's been all over the house and
can't find her. It seems so crazy of her
to g-os'out in all this rain, but her out
side things are not in the closet or any
where."
He burst Into the hall and then stood
still, the doorhandle in his hand. In the
dim light, the two Garcia ladies and the
two boys met his eyes, standing in a
group at the foot of the stairs. There
was something in their faces and atti
tudes that bespoke uneasiness and anxi
ety. . Their four pairs of eyes were fas
tened .on him with curious alarmed
gravity.
He kicked the door shut and said:
"How's Miss Moreau?"
The question seemed to increase their
disquietude.
"We don't know where she is,' 1 said
young Mrs. Garcia.'
"Isn't she in her room?" lie demanded.
Shackleton.i The next
eyes were riveted on ' h « lt -J'^ w 1 r Vt.
lines here find there illled * lth *m
ing. He moved so that, the .full- »*££
fell'- on it through a »reak In ¦ 4ho
branches. It was a' minute or j wo '*
fore he grasped its real meaning. ,um.
he knew the name of Lucy fjMttr.Wu
Mariposa had once toic him it had been
her mother's maiden name.
For a space he stoce motionless un
der the tree, staring at the paper, fo
cusing his mind on it. seizing on waifs
and strays from the past that surged to
the surface of his memory. It dazed
him at first. Then ho began to under
stand. The mysterious drama that en
vironed the girl upstairs began to grow
olear to him. This was the document
that had been stolen from her last
night, the loss of which had thrown
her into a frenzy of despair — the record
of a marriage between her mother ana
Jake Shackleton. , .
Without stopping to think further he
thrust it into his pocket and ran to
the house. As he mounted the porch
steps the scene of his first meeting
with Mariposa flashed suddenly like a
magic-lantern picture across his- mind.
He heard her hysterical cry of — He
was my father!" Another veil of the
mystery seemed lifted.
And now he shrank from penetrat
ing further, for ho began to see. " If
Mariposa. had some sore secret to hide
let her keep it shut in her own breast.
All he had to do was to give the paper
to her as soon as he could. In the mo
ment's passage of the balcony and the
pause while he inserted his latch-key
in the door he tried to think, how he
could restore It to her without letting
her think he had read it. The key
turned and as the door gave he decided
that it must be given her at once with
out wasting time or oothering about
comforting lies.
THE" SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
He made his i. report at "the police sta
tion;, and then went downtown to his of
fice, where .> business detained : him till
noon. --It> was : his .habit to lunch at the
Lick. House, but to-day he^hurrledback
to the Garcias', striding: up the series of
The fears of Mrs. Garcia held' Barron
to the house till the morning' light-was
fully estblished. This was late, even? for
the;wlnter season, as the rain still/fell
heavily, .retarding the coming of ¦ day
with a leaden veil. ? v " •¦¦¦>-..: •
There may be htaven; there must be hell-
Meantime there , Is car earth here— well ! .
; • — Browning.
THE LOST VOICE.
CHAPTER XXIII.
CHAPTER XXIV.
4THE SAN : FRANMSGQ v SUNDAY, CALL.
5
herj step the buoyancy of a wooc
nymph's. Her eye lingered with a lool
that was a caress'on nower and tree ant
shrub. The song she had been humming
passed from tune to words, and she sanj
sottly as she brushed through the chap
arral, snipping off a leaf, bending t(
pluck a-wild flower, pausing to aiimir
the glossy green of a munzanita . bush
Under the snadow of the pines she halt
ed by a rugged trunk, a point of vantag<
she had ' early discovered, and leanin{
her hand on the bark, surveyed the wile
prospect.
The sense of expectancy In the ah
seeraed.intensiaed. The quivering radi
ance of pink and gold pulsed up tne sk\
from a - point of concentration whlcf
every moment, brightened. The blu*
shadows in the camp grew thinner, tht
little wisps of mist that hung over th*
/river more> threadlike and . phantasmal
'A throw-back to unremembered days
• came suddenly upon her with a mysteri
ous sense of familiarity. She seemed tc
.be repeating a dear, jongr dead experl
j ence. The vision and the dream of days
of exquisite well-being, care-free, cher
ished, were with her again. Faint re
currlng glimpses of such mornings
strong of balsam of pine and fir, musieu
Vvith the sleepy murmur of a river, se
rene and sweet with an enfolding passloi
of love in which she rested secure, rost
- out of the dim places of memory. Th<
perfect content of her girlhood spoke. tc
her across the gulf of years, finding it,
self repeated in her womanhood." Tlu
old joy in livinjr. the old. thrill of wondei
and mystery, the old sense of safety in e
surrounding, watchful love were hen
once more.
The song on her lips passed from its
absent undertone to notes gradually f ui;
and fuller. It was the aria from "Mis
non," and. as- she stood.-her hand on the
tree trunk, looking down into the swim
ming shadows of. the camp. It swelled
outward in tones strong and rich, vibrat
ing with their lost force.
Pervaded by a sense of dreamy happi
ness, she at first failed to notice the un
expected volume of sound. Then, as note
rose upon note, welling from her chest
with the old-time, vibrant facility, aa
she felt once again the uplifting sense
of triumph possess. her. she realized
what it meant. Dropping her hand from
• the tree trunk she stood upright, and
facing the dawn, with squared shoulders
and raised chin, let her voice roll out
into the void before her. ' •
? The. song.-. swelled triumphant like a
hymn of some pagan goddess to the ris
ing sun. In the stillness of the dawn
hush, with the columns of the monumen
tal pines behind her, the mountain wall
and the glowing sky in front, she might
have been the spirit of youth and love
chnntinj? her joy in-a primeval world.
When the last note had died away
she stood for a moment staring be
fore her. Then suddenly she wheeled,
and, catching up her skirts with on*
hand, ran bade' toward the house, brush
ing between the tree trunks and through
the chaparral with breathless haste. .As
sbe emerged from the thicket she saw
her husband, in his -rough mining clothes,
standing on the. top step of the balcony.
"Gam!" she cried, "Gam!"
He started, saw her, and then waited
smiling as she came xunning up the gar
den path toward him. the blaze of the
sky behind her, her face alight with life
and color. *
"Why, dearest, I didn't know what had
happened to you," he cried. "Where did
you go?" . •
. Her unslackened «peed carried her up
the stairs and into his arms. Standing
on the step below him she flung hers
round his shoulders and, holding him
tight. 4 said breathlessly: .
"What do you think has happened?"
"You met a bear in the wood."
"My voice has come back."
The two pairs of eyes, the woman's
looking up, the man's down, gazed deep
ly into each other. There was a moment
of silence, the silence of people who are
still unused to and a little overawed by
their happiness. ?.,.v.>;\<-t
"I heard vou." he said.
"You did? From here?"
"Yes. , I heard some one singing and
stood here listening, watching the light
coming up." •
"Was it good?" she asked, anxiously.
"Very. I had never heard you sing be
fore. . You're a prima donna," -
"That's what I was going- to be. You
remember hearing us talking about It at
the Garcias' 7' ¦ .
He nodded, looking down at the face
where health was coming back in deli
cate degrees of coral to lips and cheeks.
"And it really did sound good?" she
queried again.
"Lovely."
"Quite soft and full, not harsh and
with all the sound of music gone out
of ltr ' . .
"Not a bit. It was fine."
She continued to hold him round the
shoulders, but her eyes dropped away
from his. which regarded her with im
movable earnestness, touched by a slight,
tender humor. She appeared to. become
suddenly thoughtful.
"You can be a prlma donna still, he
said. ' ' . . •
"Yes," she answered, nodding slightly.
"I suppose I can." .
"And it's a great career." :; v'
"Yes, a splendid career."
"You travel everywhere and -make a
fortune."
"If you're a success."
"Oh, you'd be a success all right."
,She drew away from him. letting one
hand rest on hi3 shoulder. Her face had
grown serious. f>he looked disappointed.
-"Well, do you want me to be a prima
donna?" she asked, looking at her hand.
He continued to regard her, without
answering, the gleam of amusement dy
ing out *f his eyes. "
"Of course," she added in a small
voice, "if you've set your heart on it, I
will ".
"What do you think about it yourself ?"
he asked. ;
She gave him a swift side look, just a
raising and dropping of the lashes.
"Say what you think, first," she coaxed.
- "Well. then. I will."
lie put his two hands suddenly on her
shoulders, big. bronzed hands, hard and
muscular, that seemed to seize upon her
delicate flesh with a master's grip.
"Look at me," he commanded.
She obeyed. .The gray eyes held hers
like a magnet. . - - - ¦ ¦¦ ' . . -
"I think no. You don t belong to the
public; you belong to me."
'The color ran up into, her face to the
edge of her hair. .:
"Oh. Gam," she whispered on a rising
breath. "I'm so relieved." ¦
He dropped his hands from her shoul
ders and drew her close to him. With
his cheek against hers he said softly: ..
"Yr>u didn't think I was that kind of
a foo], did you?".
The. sun had risen as they talked, at
first slowly peering with a radiant eye
over the mountain's shoulder, then shak
ing itself free of tree-top and rock-point,
and swimming up Into the blue. The top
of the range stood all glowing and gold
en! with here -and there a white peak,
enowily . enameled. The rows of pines
wer* overlaid with a rosy brilliance,
their long shadows slanting down the.
slopes as if scurrying aw«y from the
flood of heat and light. The clear blues
and' amethysts that veiled the hollow of
the camp were dispersed: the films of
mist melted; a quivering silvery sparkle
played over the river shallows.
In the clearing beams the life of tho
hive below seemed to swarm and fill the
air with the clamor of its awakening.
The man and woman,. looking down, saw
the toiling world turning to its day's
work — the red dust rising beneath grind
ing hoof and wheel, the cars sliding
swiftly on their narrow; tracks, heard
the shouts of men, - the- hum of machin
ery, and " through : all and over all. th« .
regular' throb of the* engines 'like the>
heart which animated this isolated world
of labors ' *
Barton looked at his domain for an at
tentive moment. -
-"There."- he said, pointing down. "Is
where I belong. That's my. life— to work
iiuwild places with men. -And yours is
with" me. my prima donna. We go to
gether.'side by side. I* working and you
singing by the way." .. ¦ - .
v TUB END.
i .. ..: -Presently, they heard Barron say:
s v "Come." we : must go. -1 must take you
I i home at once. Turn th« light this way,
( please." p :¦¦,..-; - ... ;,-.- . , -• ¦
:"¦,• The "light came back upon her. She
, was on: her feet, holding to him. :
1, Vis It .Sunday yet?" she said, looking
- at them with aii affrighted air. . ' \.
• "That's what she keeps asking all the
i time." said tho boy in a whisper.
.. "No," said ¦ Barron,, vit's Friday. What
• >«lo you expect on Sunday?" - -
; '-;:¦• "Only Friday," she said, hanging back.
"I, thought I'd hide here till Sunday was
i, over." .- ' - v '.. •. .¦ -¦ '.¦•.' . v . '
/ Without answsring. : he put his ' arm
. obouther and drew her forward. At the
-steps sho hesitated again, and he lifted
her. and carried her down.* the policeman
¦ preceding with tho lantorn. : The men
helped him into. the carriage, not saying
much, 'while the boy stood with his now
[ liberated dog at the top of the steps and
- shouted, l "Good night." i Barron hardly
= spoke to any of them. A, vague thought
crossed his mind that h<» would go to see
the boy some day and thank him. :
- * She- lay with her head on his shoulder,
and afc the carriage passed: the first lamp
. of the route he leaned iorv/ard engerly to
scan her: face. It was haggard, white
and- thin,. as by a Ions illness.- He could
.v not 'speak for a momrnt, could only hold
iherln his arms ax if thus to wind her
roundwith the symbol'of his love. ¦ .
> Presently she groaned, and he said:
• "Are you suffering?" ' .
• ; -"Yes," she murmured, "always now. I
* am sick. I don't breathe well any more.
It hurts in my chest all the time.".
; "Why did you hide under thoso trees?"
he asked. -; .
I ; . "I was too sick to go any farther. I
[ wanted to hide somewhere. . to get away:
from it all. and anyway, till Sunday was
over. -It was all to be published on Sun
day, \ you know. Everything was ruined.
My voice was. gone, too. I saw those
• steps in the dark and climbed up and
crept under the trees. I was terribly
.tired, ,and It was vei^ quiet up there. I
don't remember much more."
As the light of another lamp flashed
through the window he could not bear to
¦ look at her, but tightetted his arms
' Rbout^ her and bowed his face on her wet
, head. ¦ \- ¦ • ¦
"Oh God, clearest." he whispered,
"there can't 1 be any hell worse than what
I've been in for th.e last two days." .
She made no response, but lay passive
ly against him. When the carriage
stopped at, the -Garcia j?ate, and he told
her they were home, she made no at
1 tempt to move, and he saw she was un
conscious.
He lifted her out and carried her up
the steps. The door opened as he as
: cended and revealed the Garcia family
in the aperture.
"Is she dead?" screamed young "Mrs.
Garcia, as she saw the limp figure in his
arms.
"No. but sick. You must get a doctor
at once."
"Oh, how awful she looks!" cried the
young woman, as she caught sight of the
white face against his shoulder. "What
are you going to do with her?"
."Take her upstairs now, and then get
a doctor and get- her cured, and' when
she's well, marry her.".
EPILOGUE.
THE PRIMA DONNA.
• *.:'¦'¦ "And thou
: Beside me alnrlnr in the wilderness."
: Omar Khayyam.
The plant of the Silver Star mine lay
scattered along the edge of a mountain
river on the site of one of the camps of
forty-nine. "Where the pioneers had
scratched the surface- with their, picks.
• their successors had torn wounds in the
Sierra's mighty flank. Where once the
miners' shouts had broken the quiet har
monics of stirred pine boughs, and sing
ing river, the throb of engines now beat
on the air, thick with the dust, noisy
with the strife of toiling- men.
¦ It : was a | morning | in j the end of May.
The "mountain wall was dark against the
rising sun; tall fir and giant pine stood
along its crest in inky silhouette ¦'
thrown out by a background of gold leaf.
Here and there, far and: aerial in the
clear, cool dawn, a white peak of the
high Sierra floated above the shadows, a
rosy pinnacle,! The air was chill and
faintly touched with woodland odors.
The expectant hush of Nature awaiting
the miracle of sunrise, held this world of
huge, primordial forms, grouped in co
lossal indifference round the swarm of
men who delved in Its rock-ribbed breast.
In the stillness the camp's awakening
movements rose upon the morning air
with, curious distinctness. Through the
blue shadows in which it swam the tall
chimneys soared aloft, sending their
feathers of smoke up to the new day. It
lay in its hollow like a picture, all trans
parent washes of amethyst and gray,
overlaid by clear mountain shadows. The
world was in this waiting stage of
flushed sky and shaded, earth when the
superintendent's wife' pushed open the
door of her house and with the cautious
tread of one who fears to wake a sleeper
stepped out' on the balcony.
With her hand on the rail she stood,
deeply inhaling the - freshness of the
hour. The superintendent's house, a one
story cottage, painted white, and skirted
by a i broad.ibalcony, stood on an emi
• nence above the camp. • From its front
"steps she looked down on the slant of
many roofs, the car tracks and .the red,
wagon roads that wound along the
slopes. Raising her eyes, they swept the
ramparts of the everlasting hills, and
looking higher still, her face met the ra
diance of the dawn.
She stepped off- the balcony with the
Fame cautious tread, and along the beat
en footpath that led through the patch of
garden in front of 1 the house. Beyond,
this the path, wound through a growth
of chaparral to where the pines ascended
the slopes in climbing flies. As she ap- '
proached she ;saw the- sky .barred with
their trunks, arrow-straight and bare of
branches to a great height. Farther, on
she could see the long dim aisles, held
In the cloistral silence of the California
forest, shot through with the ¦> golden
glimmer of. sunrise.'.
The : i Joy of the morning was in her.
heart, i and; .she walked forward with a
light step, humming to herself. Two i
months before she had come here, a bride
from- San Francisco, weak from illness,
pale, hollow-eyed, a shadow: of her for
mer self. She had only crept about at
first, swung for hours on the balcony in
her- hammock, or sat under the trees
looking down on the hlveof men, where [.
her husband worked among his laborers.
•As- her* mother -had "grown -back to the
'fullness of life in the healing breath of '
the mountains. . so Mariposa. slowly re- ,
gained, her old beauty, with .an added
touch of subtlety, and found ; her old be- ';
liefs returned to her with a new signlfl- ;
cance. ¦¦-¦ ;-i '." .' '¦-¦ ¦'¦-->¦ " . • .- ' ¦ .* ; ../..- ¦ •'
To-day she -had awakened with I the
first glimmer! of dawn, and stirred by a '
sudden desire for. the air of;the morning !
on her face and in her lungs, had stolen ,
up and out. f Breathing; in the resinous
atmoepherea.new. influx" of life seemed '
to run like sap along her. limbs, and lend
where he's been, for a week, .and I- was
bringing him home. When he got to' the
top of the steps he began sniffing round
*and : barking, and .then he. < ran to a place
wher-? , there's a little sort of ; bunch of
fir trees and barked andjjumped round,
and went in aniony^the trees. I followed
him "to see what was up. and" all of a
sudden I heard some one gay.lrom under
the trees: . *Oii, it's only a dog.' T I was
scared and ran into the house and sot a
lamp, and when i came out with ¦my
mother, and we. went in among the trees,
there was a woman In there,' who was ly-;
ing on the ground. When she saw us she
sort -of -sat :Up, as if she'd been asleep,
and said: 'Is it Sunday yet?'. We saw.
her distinctly;, she was staringf right at:
us. She didn't look as if she vas crazy,
but we both thought she was. . She was
terribly white. "We knew she couldn't be
drunk, because she was like a lady — she
spoke that way." . ' x
"And then — and then," said Barron;
"what did she do?" ¦
"She: said again, 'It isn't Sunday yet?"
and .mother "said, 'No, not yet,' and wo
went away, l ran to the police office, but
we left one of the Chinamen to watch su
she 'wouldn't get away, .'cause we didn't
know whnt; was the matter with her.
..We'll 'be t!iere : in a minute now. It isn't
ifar."- -,.-•:.-¦.• ; •' ..:,-,¦;...¦...-. \ .; _: ¦ ;¦<-.
„ The hack, which had been rattling
round corners at top speed, now began to
useend. Barron -could see - the gaunt
Jlank of Russian | Hill looming abovu
them, with hero and there a house hang
ing to a ridge • or • balanced on : a slope.
The llprhts of the town dropped away on
their right in a series of sparkling; ter
races, ¦ ¦ ; ; ¦¦:-:. , ¦ •;,' ¦-¦¦'.. ---:¦, ; : . ¦'. - :
"Do you guess it's the lady you're .
hunting?" said the policeman politely.
__ "I'm ; almost certain it is," answered'
Barron. "Can't you make this man- go
faster?" .' .; - - ¦ "- ¦ -'¦ ". "¦ '¦. ' .:' •?.
,'Tho hill's pretty steep here," said the
guardian of the city's peace. "I don't
seem to think he could do it."
\ "We're, almost there." said/the boy;
"it's just that housewhere the aloe is —
there on the top of that high wall." 1 j
Barron looked in the direction and saw
high above them, on the; top; of a wall*
like the rampart of a fortress, the faint
outline ofrri house and the black masses
of trees etched against the only slightly
paler. sky. :¦-..*'¦,
VI don't sec any aloe," he growled; "is
that the house you mean?" '¦¦-..
"That's It." said the boy. "I guess it'3
too dark for the aloe to-night."
¦With a scrambling and .jolting the
horses began wh%t appeared an even 1
steeper climb than that of the block be
fore. The beasts ssemed ¦ to : dig their
hoofs into the crevices between the cob
bles ar.d to clamber perilously up.. With;
»n oath Rarron kicked open the door and
sprang out.
'"Come on. boy," he shouted. .'-'I can't
stand this snail of a carriage any long
er." And he set out running 'up the hill.
The boy, who «- was light of foot and
young, kept up with -,nim, but ;the two
heavier men, who had followed, were left
behind,' puffing and blowing In the dark
ness. '
Suddenly the great wall, at the base of
which they ran, was crossed by a flight
of stairs that made two oblique stripes
across its fare. ' >
"Up the stairs." said the boy.
And Barron, without reply, turned and
began the ascent at the same breakneck
speed. " .
"You may as well let me go first,"
gasped his conductor from behind- him.
"You don't know the way, and you might
scare the Chinaman. He said he had a
gun." .
Barron stood aside for him to pass and
then followed the nimble figure as It
darted up the second flight. The boy was
evidently nearing the top, when he sang
out: . • , . - t v .*
"Ah. there, Lee! It's mecomlnr back."
There was an unmistakable Chinese
guttural from somewhere, and then Bar
ron himself rose above the stair-top. <• A
black mass of garden lay before him.
with the bulk of a large house a short
distance back. Many windows were lit,
and in one he saw a woman * standing.
Their light fell out over the garden, bar
ring it with long rectangular stripes of,
bfilllanceV" The wild bark of a dog rose ;
frpm the house and on the unseen walk
th£ Chinaman's footsteps could be heard
crim-hlng the pebbles.
.Is she there yet, Lee?" said the boy
In a hissing whisper. - '
The Chinaman's affirmative grunt rose
from the darkness of the massed trees,
into which his footsteps continued to re
treat. ¦ . '¦; - ' . ; ¦/¦' -"¦
, "This way." said his conductor to Bar
ron. "Cut hang it all, it's so dark we
lan't sec."
"Where is she?" said Barron. "Never
mind the light. Show me where she is.
Mariposa!" ho said suddenly, in a voice
which, though low, had a quality so
thrilling it might have penetrated the
jar of death. -,>¦- ~~ ~
The garden, rain-swept and rustling,
srew quiet. The sound of . the ' China- :
man's footsteps ceased, even the panting
breath of the boy was suddenly suspend
ed. V /•¦ . ' ' ' -V .- ¦ ' :..¦;'
In this moment of pause, when nature
?eemed to quell her riot to listen, a wo
man's voice, sweet and soft, rose out of.
impenetrable darkness!
"Who called me?" V. ' •
The sound ''broke the ; agony that had
congealed Barron's heart. With a shout
nc answered: ¦
"It's I, dearest. Where are you? Come
to me." . . ¦ . -
Thr. voice rose again, faint, -but with •
ioy in it. :
"Oh. have you come — have you come,
it last!" -
He. made a rush forward Into ¦ the
jlackness before him. At the same mo
ment the two. men ¦'*. rose, spent and
areathlfess. from the stairs. The boy
kvas behind Barron, and they behind the
joy. . ; : • ¦- ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ .-¦ > ¦'"/¦, -
"Where are you? Where are you?"
.hey heard him cry, as he .crashed. for-'
>vard through shrub and flower beds.
Then suddenly the policeman, drew the
small lantern he had carried from be- <
leath his cane and shot the slide. A
•ube of clear, steady light cut through
:he inky wall in front of them. ¦ For
i second 'they all stopped, the man send
lii? the cylinder of -radiance over the:
shrubs and trees In swift sweeps. In.
me of tliese It crossed "a. white face,
tulverod and rested on/it. . ¦¦' Barron gav«
i wild cry and rushed /forward., - . - '
She was. as the boy described, crouched
indpr a dump' of email fir. trees. ' the
ower limbs of which 'had been removed. *
rhe place was sheltered f rom ; obserya- :
ion from "the house and the Intrusion of
lie elements. As th« light fell on her
;he was kneeling, evidently having been
Irawn to that posture by Barron's voice.,
rhVlleht* revealed hpr as hatless. with '.-::
oosened hair, her face pinched, her eyes .
arge and wild. ! .-'¦ " ' • " : ~
As she saw Barron she shrieked ¦ and ¦?.
ried to move fdVward,.but was unable to ;'i
md held out her arms. He was at her;- •
tide in a moment.' his arms about her, •:
;tralnlng her to him.' hts lips, between B<
rantic Kisses, .saying words only for him
md" for. her." ', ' . .• ,)
The policeman, with a soft ejaculation, '\
urned the lantern, and its. cube of light r<
ell into the heart of a bed of petunias; i
hen the two men and the boy stood look- . i
ng at it silently for a space. '< - ' 1
old lady persuaded him to drink, a cup
of coffee'she had kept warm.' and, as she
gave it him, looked with silent compas
sion into his haggard face. . /*
When day broke he had not- again ap
peared. Hy this time the household was
in. a ferment of open alarm. The ;boyo
weie retulned from school, as it was felt
th*.v might be needed for messages. Pier
pont undertook to visit all Mariposa b
.pupilr. in the dim hope of ' finding
through them some clew to her : move- .
ments. though it was well known she.
was on intimate terms with . none . of, '
them.' Soon after breakfast- Mrs. Willera '
appeared, ¦¦ uneasy, and by the time the
now weeping Mrs. . Garcia had told her
all. pale and deeply disturbed. ' -.
Sho 'repaired' to the Trumpet office
without loss of time, and there acquaint" *
ed her chief , with, the story of Miss. Mo
reau's disappearance, not neglecting to
mention the burglary of the night before,
which even to the women, having no
knowledge of its real import, seemed to
indicate a sinister connection with sub
sequent events. Winslow did not disap-;•-.
point Mrs. Willers by pooh-poohing tho
matter, as she had half imagined he y
would; a young lady's disappearance for
twelve hours not ; being a subject for
such tragic consternation. He seemed
extremely worried — in fact, showed an <
anxiety that struck the head of the wo
man's page as almost odd. He assured „
her thatdf Miss Moreau was not heard
irom that day by mid-day he would se
cretly offer to the police department the
largest reward ever given in San Fran
cisco lor any trace or tidings of her. -
Meantime, Barron, having assured
himself by visits to all the ticket offices
that she, had not left the city on any
train, had finally taken his case to the
police. It had been In their hands only
aii hour or twd when young Shackleton's
offer of what, in even those extravagant
days, seemed an enormous reward, was
communicated to the department; It put
life into the somewhat dormant energies
of the officers detailed on the cass. Mari
posa had not been missing twenty-four
hours when the search for her was
spreading over the face of thft city,
where she -had been so insignificant a
unit, in a thorough and secret network ,
of investigation.
The day wore away with madding
slowness to the women in the house,
whose duty it was to sit and wait. To
Barron, whose anxiety had been intensi
fied by the torture of his deeper knowl
edge of the girl's strange circumstances,
existence seemed only bearable as it v/as
directed to finding her. He did not dare
now to pause or think. Without stop
ping to eat or rest he continued his
search, now with the detectives, now
alone. Several times in the course of the
day- he reappeared at the Uarcin house,
drawn thither by the hope that she might
have returned. The senora. with the cu
rious tranquillity of the very old which
seems not to need the repairing pro
cesses of sleep or food, was always to be
found sitting by the kitchen stove, upon
which some dish or drink simmered for
him. ..life rarely stopped to take either.
But returning in the early dusk, he was
grateful to find that she had a dry over
coat hanging before the fire for him. The
rain still fell in torrents, and the long '
day spent at its mercy had soaked him. i
It w,n8 between ten and eleven o'clock
at night that the old lady and her daugh- '
ter-in-law. sitting before the stove, as . 1
they had done the evening before, again i
heard his step and key. This time there
was no pretense at expectation on either I
iside. Hi3 first glance inside the room
showed him the heavy dejection of the i
two faces turned toward him. They, on j
their part, saw him pale and drawn, as
by a month's illness. They had heard 1
nothing. No investigation of which they <
wore aware had brought in a grain of <
comfort. He had heard worse than noth- <
ing. There had been talk at the police
station that evening of the finding of
George Harney, suffering from concus- I
sion of th<s brain, and the sudden depart- i
uro of Barry Essex, believed to be his 1
assailant. - i
TliN information added the last straw <
to B^rron's agony of apprehension. It *
seemed as If a plot had culminated in '.
those two days, a plot dark and inex- i
plicable, in which the woman he ldved 1
was in some mysterious way involved. .. 1
He was .standing by. the stove respond- ; t
ing to the somber queries of the. women, c
when the - sound of - feet on tho. porch'. "
pteps suddenly transfixed them all. i
Young Mrs. Garcia screamed, while the
old lady sat with head bent sldewise Us-- i
tenlng. Before Barron could get to' the i
door a soft ring at the bell had drawn t
another scream from the younger wo
man, who, nevertheless, followed him .r
and stood peeping into the hall, clinging 1 c
to the dooVpost. ¦ . :
The opened door sent a floods of light r
over three figures huddled in the glass!
porch — two men. a detective and police-
man. Barron already knew, and a third, t
a stranger to him. whose face against ft
the shadowy background looked fresh
and boyisli. ¦ f
"Ah. Mr. Barron, we're lucky to strike r
you this way at the first shot," said the I
detective. "We think we've found the €
lady."
"Found her? Where? Have you got f
her there?" ;- J"
"No; we're not certain yet if, it's the-/
right one."
The man, as he spoke, entered the hall,
the policeman and tho stranger following c.
him. Under; the flare of the two gas jets r
they looked big ungainly figures in their
smoking rubber capes that ran rlllets of t
ivater on the floor. The third, revealed
in the full light, was a boy of some four- j
teen or fifteen years, well" dressed and -
with the air of r eentleman. a
"This gentleman came to the station a
half-hour ago." said the policeman. Indl- I
crating- the stranger, "with a story of r
rinding a lady on his own grounds, and t
we thought from his description it was v
the one you're looking for." . 1:
Barron directed on the youth a glance
that would have pried open the lips of t
the Sphinx. v
"What does she look like? Where is
she? ' s
j "She's in our garden." snid the boy. n
jndcr some trees. She looks till and c
iuH.on black clothes. vv6 has dark red t
mir and a very white fnc»." a
¦Mrs. Garcia gave a loud cry from the [1:
jackground. . . • h
"It's Marlf-'sa, sure," she soroamed. o
'Is she alive?" - o,
"Alive!" echoed the youth. "Oh. yes; a
she's quite alive, but 1 don't know
whether she's exactly in her. right- mind.' > u
She's sort of queer. *1'
Barron had brushed past him into tho .1
streaming night. . t
"Come on." he shouted back.' "Good t
l*>rd. come quick!" s
At the foot of the zigzag stairs he saw d
he two gleaming lights of a back, y With 'I
he other, men clattering at his heels, ho 1<
lashed down the steps, and was in; it, 1;
rhaftng and swearing, whilo they were
'umbling for the latch of the gate.- -. . t
As the boy,;after giving the coachman a
in address, scrambled in beside -him," he s
;aM peremptorily: ¦¦ «
"When did you find her? /i'cll me f
iverything." , . • a
"About two hours ago. My dog found
ler. I live, I and ray mother.,on the ti
:lope of Russian Hill.. It's quite a big % f.
ilace with a lot of trees. I went down 1 ; t!
o get Jack (that's my dog) at the vet's, ii
ligure with the cane.
"uamii!" he eald under his breath,
"he's fainted."
And "throwing" tho cane away, he ap
proaclied tlvs man and bent over him.
Yhrre was no sound of breathing or
* pulse of life aooui the sodden ngure
with ita hidden lace. Drops formed on
Kssex's forehead « .* he turr.cd It over.
Then, as it confronted him. livid with
fallen jaw and a git-am of wuite between
the wrinkled eyelia, the drops ran down
his lace. • . •
With a hand that shook as Harney'3
had a fow moments before he felt the
. pulsr> and tin-it tore tn« shjrt open and
tried tne heart, iiis face was white as
tim man's on the Ooor as he poured whis
ky down |h« tnrout tnat refused to swal
low, riually. tearing- off his coat, he
knelt bc&Idu hia victim and tried every
means ii< his power to bring back life
into the miserable body in wnicii ne had
only recognized a tool of his own. But ,
then- was no response. The minutes
ticked o::. and there wats no glimmer of :
intelligence m the cold indifference of
the eyes. n<> warmth round the stilled
heart, no lluttcr ci breath at the slack,
gray lips.
The night was still dark, the rain in
his ears, when ho rose to his feet. A
horror unlike anything he had ever
imagined was on him. All the things in
lif'j ho had struggled for seemed snriv
ole<l to nothing'. The whole worth of hi3
existence was contained in tne unlovely
>body on the floor. To bring life back to
it he would have given his'dearest ambi
tion — sacrificed love, money, happiness —
all for which he had held life valuable
and. thought himself blessed. What a few
hours beiore were ends to struggle and
'sin lor seemed now of no moment- to
him. MaripOEa had faded to a dim, un
de.sired shadow; tho millions she stood
for to dross he would have passed with
out a thought. How readily would he
have given it all to bring back tho
breath to thti creature he had held as a
worm beneath his foot!
He seized the table cloth and threw it
over the face whose solemn, tragic calm
tilled him with a sick dread. Then with
breathless haste he flung some clothes
into a valis? and made the fire burn high
with the letters and papers he threw on
it at intervals. The first carts of the
morning had begun theirs rattling course
through the .stirred darkness when he
crept out, a haggard, hunted man.*
He had to hide himself in unfrequented
corners, cower beneath the shadow of
trees qn park benches till the light
strengthened and morning shook the city
into life. Then, as its reawakening tides
boyan to svirge round him. he made a
furtive way — lor the first time in his life
fearful of his fellow men — to the rail
way station, and there took the earliest
southbound train for the Mexican border.
The fire had died down, the leaden light
of coming day was filtering in through
the crack between the' half-drawn cur
tains, when the shrouded shape- on the
floor moved and a deep groan broke upon
the stillness. Another followed it.
GToars of physical anguish beating on
awakening consciousness. An early riser
from the floor above heard them as he
Rtole downward, stopped, listened,
knocked, then receiving no reply, opened
the door and peered fearfully in. In the
dim room, cut with a sword of faint
light, he saw the covered shape, and, as
he stood terrified, heard the groan re
peated and saw the drapery twitched..
Shouting his fears bver the balustrade,
he rushed in. flung the curtains wide,
tore off the table cloth, and in the rush
of pallid light, saw Harney, leaden eyed,
withered to a waxen pallor, smeared
with the blood of the cut wrist which
he feebly moved, struggling back to ex
istence.
CHAPTER XXV,
HAVE YOU COME AT LAST?
Yesterday thlg day's ibadneFs-dld prepare.
— Omar Khayyam.
At 10 o'clock Barron returned to the
Garcia house. His search for Mariposa
in such accustomed haunts as the Mer
cantile Library, the shops on Kearny
street, and Mrs. Willers'. had been fruit
less. Mrs. WHIers was again at the
Trumpet office, where another and more*
important portion of the woman's page
was going to press, but 1-Mim was at
home and told Hairon that neither she
nor her mother hud seen Mariposa since
the lesson of the day before.
In returning to the house he had hopes
of finding her there. From the first his
anxiety had been keen. Now, <is he put
his koy in the lock, it clutched his heart
with a suffocating force. The house was
silent as he entered, and then the sound i
of his step in the hall called the head of
young Mrs. Garcia to the opened door of
the kitchen. Th*? first glimpse of her
face told him Mariposa had not returned.
"Have you got her?" cried the young
woman eagerly. ;
• "No " he answered, his voice sounding
colorless and flat. "I thought she might j
be back here."
Mrs. Garcia shook her head and with- :
drew it. He followed her into the kitch
en, where she arid the senora were sit- !
ting by the stove. A large fire was burn
ing, the room was warm and -bright — the |
trim, nnically neat kitchen of a clean
Chinaman. To the senora's quick phrase
of inquiry the younger woman answered
with a sentence in Spanish., For a mo- .
ment the silence of sick anxiety held the
trio. ,
"Did you go to Mrs. Wlllers*?" said ,
young Mrs. Garcia, trying to speak with
some lightness of tone. ;
"Yes; she's not been there since yester
day. I've been everywhere I could think
of where it was likely she would be. I
couldn't find a trace of her." . ¦
"Then she's gone to Europe, or is go- i
ing to-morrow, as she told Pierpont. She :
took her money. We looked after you'd •
gone, and it wasn't there." .. i
"It'll be too late to find out to-night if
she's gone. The ticket offices are closed. 1
I can't think she's done that — without a 1
word to any one. It's not like her."
The senora here asked what they eald. i
Barron. who spoke Spanish indifferently,
signaled to the young woman to answer i
for him. She did so. the senora listening 1
intently. At the »nd of htr daughter-in- !
law's speech she shook her head.
"No. she has not gone," she said slow- 1
ly in Spanish. "She could not take that
Journey. She was not able — she was '
sick."
"Sick, and out on such a night with all «
that money!" moaned her daughtcr-in- i
law. !
Barron got up with a smothered ejacu
lation. He knew more than either of the 8
women. The attempt at robbery the night
before had failed. To-night the girl her- ]
self had disappeared. ! What might it all
mean? He was afraid to think. 1
•"I'm going out again," he said. "I'll t
be in probably in four or five hours to <
see if. by any chence. she's come back. <
You have everything ready — fires and i
warm clotheiSKand things to eat in case I
bring her with me. The rain's worse than t
ever. Chlng says she had no umbrella." i
Wiihout more conversation he left; the
two women bestirring themselves \ to <
make ready the supper, he had ordered.
At three o'clock he returned again to find 1
the senora sitting- alone, by the ruddy e
stove. Mrs. Garcia, the younger, being j
isleep on the sofa in the boys' room. The t
banned a sh'uttcr on tin adjacent house.
i-;ss.'x left the window, drawing th>»
curtain to- shut its light from- the streetl
It w:«s ;i «iuarter past three. IT at four
niusifv had not returned he would go
after him. The tliiet might easily have
{ntssed his looting in the tree and have
lalK-r.. a::,i be lying bVncath it. stunned.
0<-.:<t perhaps. tn«» ,.a>-iR in. his lmnd.
r\i«: clock ham!* moved on toward
twenty — twer.ty-n\e imputes past. The
< ><-:ikii<«? came from tue sinirs again, cx
actly. to ihc listening ear. like the soft
>• -Uini oi a cautious*/ uuunting «t«p.
< :om the cupboard came a curious Joud
licit and then a si-ri^s of rending cracks.
It made l-.ss< x start guiltily, and swear
ins under his broatu. Uv again turned
t'«.:i.i in<> window nnd. ,-s he did so.
tausi:i. the sound of hurrying feet. He
• u-.-., the <urtaiii and nu t . » . u. \b ,'«
lli« uproar uf the night he heard the
imicic. ivjtular tnud u> me leci ui a ruu
iur. rcu&ins onward through the storm.
aim tlv-M. across the »,leam.of a lamp, a
oark :iRUie wliot. with head down. Hying-.
lit- oiojpod the curtain and waited,
imm«:;se ivllof at his heart. In a mo
nunt he i:<;nd the footsteps stop at the
»...:o. rcrtlVeSjr ascend tike stairs of the
two tcrrai'fs. and then the stealthy grat
"'¦•¦n Of the dt>or. He silently pushed open
j Ma \>v.-<,- door tliat the iight might guide
i the ascending man. and lie heard Har
i Uey*a loud broatiijug as he crept up.
The thief rsuw up out of tne gulf of
1 darkness like an apparition of terror. He
j dxoppod into a chair, his face gray, white
I Jind ptechetL tho sound of his rasping
i. ivrcatliS, drawn with pain from the bot
tom of bin lungs, tilling the room. He
tras Incapable of speech, and Essex,
pouring him out whisky, was lorced to
take the class from his shaking hand
and hold it to his lips. From his soaked
clothes and the cap that crowned his
head, like a saturated woolen rag. water
streamed ISut the rain had not been
able to efface trom bis coat a caking of
mud thai half -covered one arm and
6libuld<T. and there was blood on one of
his hands. He h;id t-vidrnfly fallen.
"Havt« you jrot it?" said Kssex. putting
the Kia.ss down. .
The other noiV.ed ar.d let his head sink
on the thairbai-k.
"I'm dead," he gasped, '"but I done it,"
"Where Is it" iii\o-it to me."
The man madf :i faint movement of
apt-< nt. but evidently ikui not force
enough to produce t.ie p^per and lay
limp in the chair. L.*s?.\ watching him
impatiently. Presently be i t ...» feeble
hand out lor t:it- j:1:ik* BOO i iiiiK again.
I The rattling Idudncu of :.,n hr -athing
tqodented. Without moving -•> tead lie
turned his <>jes o;i Ki.sex *;.. i i:
"I'm in«'f=t kill«-d — i':n :;;1 t>hov^ up. I
! fell coining di'Wti the ticv. sume way — I
dnift know how Jar — '.iut 1 put it all
rigt.t. -Hh*» fought like B wildcat, tried to
burn it — bet 1 i-'ot it. Thcus'.ie liollered
and a dan answered, 1 knew it was a
man's voice, and 1 made u das!i for the
windfy only jest In time. I'm cut some
wheres — "
He n-ised the hand with the blood on It
r;nd fun-hied at his coat sleeve. The
Otltcr hand was smeared v. ith blood from
the contact.
'"Lik-.- a ris." he Slid in a low voice.
and polled out a. rag of a handkerchief
whk-h he tried to jhis'i up his sleeve:
"I'm cut pomcwlieres all right, but I
'don't know where."
"Give me the paper n:id take your
things off. You're dripping all over
everything." said EsEtx. extending his
hand".
Harnry sat up.
"I 'dunnn how 1 done it." he said: "how
I pot down. The man was right on my
heels. When I fell 1 BXW him. pullln*
her up on her ffet — I saw that through
the winder. Then I riz up and I went —
God. how 1 went!"
He had stuffed his handkerchief up his
Fleev* by this time, and now put his
bloody. . tremulous hand into the outer
breast pocket .of his coat. As the hand
f.umbled about the opf-ning he said:
"I didn't stop to look no more nor take
no rlFkp. I wanted to pit j'way from
tliar and I can tell you I lit out. and — "
He stopped. hi« jaw dropped, his
r^rvel^s* figure stiffened, a. look of ani
mal terror came into his eyes.
"Where is it?" he almost yelled, Btar
iug at I^ssex- 1 - --• .
•'How the denl ehould I know! Where
did you put it? Isn't it there?"
Ksscx himself liad Hudenly paled. H«
rtood erect b<'fore the crouched and
tremblinp figure of his partner, his eyes
liercely intense,
"It iiin't here." rried Harney, liis hand
«U«wir.g a?>out in the pockeL "It ain't
there. Oh l>«jrdy. Lordy! I've lost it!
It's gone. It fell out when I came off. the
iree. I fell. I told you I fell. Didn't I
tfll-you 1 fell?" he shouted, as if he had
been* contradicted.
He ros<' up. his face P^sty white,
wringing his hands like a woman. There
was Komethir.g grotesque and almost
overdone in his terror, but his pallor and
the fear in- his eyes were real. .
¦ "1/t^t it!" cried Essex.. "Xo more of
toosc lies. Give me the paper, you dog."
"Don't you hear me say I ain't got it?
Ain't I told you I fell? When I Jumped
for the tree I jest smashed it down into
iry pocket. I had to have both hands to
« !imS». And I suppose I ain't pressed it
in ti^ht enough. God. man. it was ten
years in San Quentin- for me if I'd lost
two minutes."
'Essex drew closer, bis mouth tight, his
eyes TixM with a liercely compelling
gaze on the wretch before him.
"Don't think you can make anything
'by. stealing that paper. Give it up; give
it "up now; I've got you here, and I'll
know what you've done with it bpfore
you leav;e or you'll never leav« »t all."
"I lost It. and that's what I done with
it. "If you want it. come on with me
now and look round under that tree.
Ain't you understood I fell sideways
from the branch to the ground? Look at
my hand — " he held up his arm. pulling
the muddy sleeve back from the blood
stained wrist.
"Where is it?" said Essex, without
moving.- "You were gone nearly an hour.
Where, have yon hidden it?"
"Nowhere. It took . time. I had to
cllm' up careful, 'cause «she had a light
burning, and I thought she was awake.
Why can't you believe me? What can
1 do with it alone?"
"You can blackmail Mra. Shackleton
well chough alone. Give me that paper.
n r tell me where you put it, or, by God,
I'll kill you!"
Fctir 01 the man that owned him gave
Uarney the air of guilt. He backed
away in" an access of pallid terror, shout
ing:
"1 ain't Jylng. Why can"t yer believe
j'ne? It took time— -it took time! Ain't
I told you I fell? Look at the mud; and
feel, feel in my pocket." He seized on
them artd tore the insides outward. "I'm
fellin' you the whole truth- I ain't got
. "Where Is it then? You'll tell me
where you've hidden it. or — "
¦ r*ssex made a sudden leap forward
nnd caught the man by his neck-cloth
rnd collar. In his blind alarm Harney
was given fictitious strength, and he tore
himself loose and rushed for the door.
Kssex's hat, coat and stick lay on the
table. Without thought or premedita
tion their owner seized the cane — a
heavy malacca — by the end, flew round
the table, and as Harney turned the
door handle, brought. the knob of the
loaded cane down on the crown of his
It struck with a thud and sent the
water equirtingr from the saturated cap.
The thief, without cry or word, spun
round, waving his hands In the air. and
then fell heavily face downward. For
a moment he quivered, and once or
twice made a convulsive movement, then
lay still, the water running from his
clothes along the floor.
With the cane still In his hand, Essex
came around the table and looked at him.
por a space he stood staring, his hand
resting on the edge of the table, his neck
-raned forward, his face set in a rieid
; ntensity of observation. The sudden
silence that had suoceeded to the loud
:ones of Harney's voice was singularly
Jeep »nd solemn. The room seemed held
n a spelJ of stillness, almost awful in
ts suddenness and Isolation.
"Get up." he said in a low voice. "Har
¦jpv jret up.
There was no response, and he leaned
'orward and pushed at the motionless '
This novel by Archer Butler Hulbert, for ."which- there \% how an enormous demand because of the thrilling
and authentic manner it tells. of Eussia ? s secret intrigue the Kor&
murder of the Queen in 1895 in order that the Czar might gain 1 a hold on the kiiigdbm^as well as its vivid
description of the queer customs and superstitions iof the Koreans,' wHl begin in the
NEXT SUNDAY CALL' \'.jiy. IR MORTIMER." Mary John
4 4,^*^ Eton's new 'novel, should leave
* . [Qjj no doubt as to the place .in
* American- ' fiction which its
. * author has attained. Of all
the great host " of novel- writers, so
sfyled, the'one who can produce a story
bo poVerful, so •artistically -written as
IJpir ehouid be accorded
Tank with the honored few whose books
are acknowledged as true fiction. Miss
Johnston's name is made by "Sir Mor
timer** by. just as much as it Spied of
the making in her previous efforts.
The writer of these columns must ad-
POLITICS, tenement problems, the
hollowness of society and ; the
crush of business— these ., seem to
be the order of the day in the mod
ern novel world. After; reading about
elections [ of -goTernors and aldermen,
the/ marriages? of ''American^ heiresses
to'. : English lords /lands V nincompoops,
"corners" ; in ', grain,^. coffee -^ and ;1 tomato
catsup^^can tithe" inveterate^ novel; reader
throw ' himself back into^ the days of
tourney and ? the ; king's touch without
a violent ; i Jar?, U. Josephine Caroline
Sawyer thinks that he cam She gives
him ample opportunity for a ¦ trial fat
It la ~ "Ail's ;• Fai^ i In : Love," ? her " latest
. "Bin MORTIMER,"
Mary 'Johnston's New Novel
WITH DUE POMP
of Pageantry Love Conquers
THE world delights to honor a man
who has done things. The story
of a life devoted to, meeting and
conquering great 1 difficulties, build
ing bit by bit an enduring structure
of achievement out, of the" very stumb
ling blocks of opposition— such" a story
appeals to the "spirit of work In every
man and prornpts him to deeds of.em
ulatiori. "A Preacher's Story, of His
Work,',' from the '¦ mouth of the Rev.
W. S. Rainsford, rector of St. George's
Church," New York,, Is one of these ac
counts of doing which ; must win re-
B P*? t and admiration for, the man who
has builded such a solid record as that
of his rectorship In the great parish of
the metropolis.
Too few there are who realize that
there are ! fierce : battles I to) be fought
; and hard victories- won in the : profes
sion which- is Dr. "Ralrisford's. The
hard-headed man .of ; business or the
successful lawyer can see nothing ma
terial in the striving :¦ of the devoted
men who give their , lives" to the "care
;of j souls. Wherein^ iltaj. the ; gain, - say
they, in building up afchurch.: treriib
lingon the;brink,6f;lnsolvency, to the
position of 'one of : the leading houses
of worship in a 'great city?, .What Is
there in it? Should- Biich a man read
this story of the } life-work !' of a:min
ister of the gospel Ihejwould, see that
success in ,that ¦ endeavor^ is i very , near
kin ; to success in 'trade -or -before the
bar, , arid this*; he | might; strive; not to
see: that theVrewards [are. ,f beyond
those > measurable;; by;- the •' sign.
Dr. Ralnsford's reward Is' the love and
confidence \ of " over a thousand '¦ people,
the ; knowledge that;: his ,< efforts have
been' productive ,ofa lasUng ; good v to a
whole- community;^ arid 'that his - mem
ory will, be ; perpetuated ; by; a : memorial"
more ehduririgj thanVafforturie^ln the
bank or a decision from -the} Supreme
bench. '* , '"'_«'" A *••-.- ;;- : *"7';-',- ;-•.;•¦ -¦•
;When . Dr."; Rainsford accepted the
parish of 8t George's in 1882. he found
a church almost"! without" worshipers^
hopelessly In • debt- and even '.with' its
building on the market for salt, r With
• ' •-, ¦ '" '¦;•¦ " ¦Si's'-\r-,,'.\li'^.''..l''- .'
A PREAGHER'S
Story of Succes3ful Work
"If you go to a place on anything
but your own feet you are taken there
too j fast and miss a thousand delicate
joys that were .waiting. for you by. the
wayside." Thus speaks the inimitable
Elizabeth as a foreword ¦ to her very
diverting "Adventures ; In Rugen." But
even though Elizabeth Is forced by
"the grim monster Conventionality"
to explore the Baltic Island through
the agency of other than her own feet
she sees, as much of the odd and the
beautiful as she would have had sha
platted out: Rugen in ten-foot squares
and examined each /with a reading
glass. Elizabeth has a' way * of seeing
things too fine for the coarser eye,
whether' they be In her own garden at
home or in the - mossbanks at Thles
sow. What Is best of all, rarest of all,
is [ that Elizabeth has' a sharp : eye for
odd characteristics in the genus homo.
It ; Is fan eye with a least little bit of a
cast of raillery in if,. but of a whole
some ; kindness, withal, and a genial,
good humor. This . Is why Elizabeth,
with > her gentle spying ; upon nature
and the humankind, makes "The Ad
venture* of: Elizabeth In Rugen" -as
strong; a " candidate': for the handy
place. on the' library. shelves as "Eliza
beth ; and ? Her German Garden." A
Wasn't It William Cowper who
found sufficient fundof 'thought in a
sofa to '; peri an ode in praise of that
horn ely article of furniture ? \ That was
genius, .though' some may mourn that
it was genius misdirected. Not a. whit
Inferior ' is' the, genius of Elizabeth,
who can find In an eleven days': ride
about a prosaic , island : in the Baltic
Sea materlaly for . a^_ delightful ' 1 299 :
pages. With a ready ,. mlridf ulness of
every : starling"* In ', the;, meadow . i and
every '; spot; on the" hotel
Elizabeth jogs* hergentle way 'about in/
a - vlct6ria;»*r; seeing lathings/; '.-Jiearlng
things, ' then" wri tl ng t therii* ; down ; In her
quaint v ; ; Elizabethan '= manner-^rEliza
bethan,; but* not^ of ' the Virgin [ Queen;
Thls;'done, i and loX there is a book
where; no one I else :'could "; have made , a
Baedeker. ';.>- Genius, say you? Genius
and the most; delicate art.;
Elizabeth is a writer of naturebooks; '
her; last' is a; nature^ book' with the ap
;Pellatlbn expanded jto embrace ; human
nature^" Her^ pictures • "of :¦ outdoor life
differ ' from S those^ of pother. } nature
writers • Just as does ; a steel etching
froiri'an ' oil ' of the impresslonistio
school. Her descriptions [ are v built ) up
bit ' by bit, ' beginninf with ; the small
ADVENTURES
of Ra^e Elizabeth in Rugen
it. That of the lamented wit of
the Bohemian Club. Dr. H. H. Behr. is
of a different order, for it needs not the
comfortable glow of a good dinner with
good fellows to give zest to its enjoyr
ment. It is humor which stands upon
Its own worth. Attest: The keen" en
joyment given by his little posthumous
volume, "Hoot of the Owl."
Everybody in the charmed circle of
the Bohemian Club hears reminiscences
of the dinners at which the genial wit
of the old doctor was' wont to glow.
The atmosphere %f the past dinners
and past good fellowship • is kept : alive
by the fragments of this old raconteur's
happy conceits, for throughout all of his
published responses to "the calls of . the
Worshipful Sire, Dr. Behr has taken
sly. shots at men and matters in his
club which must have a ready appeal
to the risibilities of all club members.
The nature of his quips and cranks
is not so personal that the uninitiated
cannot- enjoy them, however. : The
humor is rarely broad, always keen and
of the sort which- strikes through ab
surdity and exaggeration.* Dr. Behr was
a student of almost all things know
able. His'fund of knowledge was what
he drew upon In every possible in
stance, bringing surprising oddities out
of scientific deductions, twisting philo
sophical precepts or philological formu
las to suit th« ends of startling mirth.
From the structural peculiarities of the
mosquito as w'ell as from , the sayings
of Socrates the genial wit could find
something to twist into a laugh. "Very
like that of Squibob of the old days,
to whom Dr. Behr pays tribute in an
instance, is the quaint humor. which
livened his speeches. "The Skeleton In
Armor" or the speech upon "Prehis
toric Relics" might have come : from
the lips of : "John Phoenix" himself.
For example, Dr. Behr, discoursing on
botanical classifications, makes this
statement:
"This Ingenious scientist (Pliny) di
vided tht whole vegetable kingdom into
the following classes: Trees, shrubs,
vegetables, chicken salad, mushrooms,
coffee, wines extra. All plants not be
longing to one or the other, of ; these
great classes he lumped together and
called 'weeds,' and •_ did not take any
further notice of them." ;-';:
Read. "Hoot, of the- Owl." It, will
brighten a rainy day or make a blue
Monday livable.
(A. M. Robertson,' San Francisco;
price II 60.)
THE rippling spontaneous humor of
the post-prandial feast of reason
Is usually as evanescent as the
haze of cigar smoke which crowns
EOOKS RECEIVED
{F there is any fault to.be found with"
Eden Phillpotts' "The "American
Prisoner" it is that there Is too much
of it. The story Is a trifle too long
drawn out to be wholly good; there Is a
considerable amount of dead wood in it
which might be pruned out to advan
tage, leaving a plot unclogged by any
discursiveness. It seems at first read
ing that the author had attempted an
other "Guy Mannering" -and then
thought better of the project, but not
until he had neared the last page of his
manuscript. Another peculiar feature
of Mr. Phillpotts' latest story is that
the American prisoner who is honored
by being the subject of the book's title
"is not the leading character, and. In
fact, does not begin to get Involved In
the main plot of the story until after a
full 200 pages have passed over his
head.
But now, with our mind relieved at
the very outset, we can proceed with
words of well deserved commendation t
for "The American Prisoner." Forsak
ing Africa and Its •"childien of the
mist," the author has turned him back
to the country he knows so well— the
English west 'country of bleak moor and
wind-swept headland. The rugyedness,
the crude strength of the setting-, in
fuses like characteristics into tha tale,
lending to Its dramatic climaxes some
thing of the eerie and savage which
cannot but grip the reader mightily. In
Lorey Lee, fantastic a character as sh«
is, and in Maurice Malherb, with his
devilish fits of temper, the weird spirit
of the downs seems to be * Incarnate.
The Incidents of the escape oftbV pris
oners from Dartmoor prison aiM of th«
spoliation of Lovey Lee's precious
amphora on the marsh at" Postbrldg©
are typical of this stirring note in
; Phillpotts' novel. The plot, sensational
in its elements. Is elevated abov« th«
plane of mere sensationalism by^ths
admirable skill of the author's hand
ling. . .
Maurlc* Malherb. the center flgur*
of th« plot. i« a well outlined char
acttr— perhaps > the best portraysd of
them all. His . tyranny, which know*
no bounds in timts of stress, his ; im
petuous tenderness, quick to com* as
the bastr .; quality, ; and his ¦ remarkable
sensitiveness for ; truth Wen in the
most trying make a char
acter at once enigmatic and compelling
of close' study. Whether or riot a man
outside of a book would confess" to the
supposed commission of a murder, with
out stress is not a question to interpose
Itself between .the reader's credulity
and his enjoyment of the .story. The
daughter Grace is in her ¦ way quite as
forceful a young woman as her father
is a man., When It comes to being Yorn;
between"' the conflicting , loves for two
very estimable young men she has some
,' difficulty in cutting] the Gordian ' knot
but then it is supposed that most right .
minded young women would experience;
a; like difficulty if situated.
As ! for ' the "American" Prisoner*' " him-;
self, Mr. 4 Phillpotts has done; him every <
justice, even though he was 'captive of
war In an English keep. V :„'.;
. ¦ /Altogether, and despite the flrstpara
graph of this 'reyiew, r whichl is^as nec
essary -as this-; last," "The^"American
Prisoner'*' is; a very entertaining r story,;
not of i the commonplace In 'any respect ;
and one .- calculated . to * rate %wlth * the
best that have ; been recently! written ¦¦
by the younger school of English novel- -
Ufa ' ' '* - ' '¦¦"¦".-¦ • ' ; - , • .. -.."¦-.'_•. .-;¦¦•*'".; i- ¦ ¦ ."¦*"
13 La. . . * ¦ . ¦
: (The Macmlllan Company, New
York; illustrated; price II 69.)
' AFTER-DINNER
Hnmor of Dr. §3 H. ' Behr
PHILLPOTT'S -
Latest Book Good Reading
novel. • ; Read the,, book arid you will
agree with- her. ¦ > > .'
This -is no -half way turning; back of
the : hands of time, no colonial story or
romance ;,of- Elizabethan \ days, • but , a
full swing back into the darkest of. the
dark' ages,.; when 'men' pla£ed; .them
selves about- ivIUi slabs of -iron and
f air^ladies haialnot^ the privilege of < por r
celairi bath 'jjtubii. King's^ audience
chambers, maated castles"* and barons'
halls are the J3rops •, and .wings for this
romance^ . ; Lords-, of .'* Northumberland
> arid of Douglas trail their V ten-foot
swords through the pagesAvIth stately,
metallic tread. Pomp of joust and
glory of pageant fill the books .with
glittering banners. Smiles of lady loves
—and their smile was as fetching be
neath a coif as it is under a "present
day pompadour— spur heroic knights* to
tilt at anything under the' broad heav
ens. It is romance^-rrornance 'way
through and very delightful romance,
too..-.. . ' . ; ¦ ., ' ¦¦ .¦ . ¦ - .
The author, perchance, shares with
her readers ascertain weariness of all
these novels of dreary life—
these books of the ballot box, the ticker
and- the' ducal coronetlet. She there
fore has endeavored tp bring into being
something redolent of all; the dash' and
the glory of the troubadour days. She
has succeeded. Her spirited tale is re
freshing. Love is its theme and it
must be confessed that love! in "moonlit
bowers 'neath castle walls looks better
than love in a front- flat parlor under
electric bulbs.
(Dodd, Mead & Co.. New York; illus
trated; price $1 50.)
his previous experience of mission work
in the east end of London and else
where, the new rector began to mold a
small | unit of sterling material out ¦ of
the .bewildering wreckage of the de
cayed parish." He utilized methods
which his;, brethren i of "the cloth de
nounced as [ revolutionary, but which
were productive of remarkable success.
Believing 1 that sooial life is indispensa
ble to the* growth of a strongly cohe
rent ; church body, he organized clubs,
dramatic societies and- dancing enter
tainments for the poor of his flock, in
stituted classes for the instruction of
children in useful arts, and made of
his own home a gathering place for all
who would care to meet him on the
common ground of friendship. He made
his church a democratic community by
throwing open the pews to all comers.
Despite the stinging criticisms of his
brother clergy and the near approach
to a" trial for heresy. Dr. Rainsford
built tip this decrepit parish in the
heart of the poor district of New York
to the position of one of the strongest
of the city's churches,' where rich and
poor alike kneel in worship. .
(The Outlook Corapany,,New York
price, $1 25.) ¦
again like Sir Mortimer, he loses some
to the terrible auto-da-fe of the Holy
Office and seeks the' bloodthirsty
Don who is responsible " for their
death. Kingsley's is a good ¦ book;
Miss Johnston's is a better, one.
(Harper & Brothers, New "York; Il
lustrated by F. C. Yohn; t price $1 50.
"Confession" Is not a good title for
any book of dignity — it savors too much
of the yellow-backed novel with erotio
cover, which is the loathsome spider
of the cheap bookstalls, designed to
catch the silly fly. This "Confessions
of Marguerite" Is not, however, of, tha
spider class, nor yet Is it first-class fic
tion. The story narrates the efforts "of
an attractive young woman, fresh
from the wilds of Wisconsin, to force
an honorable living- out of stony
hearted Chicago. She tries' sten
ography, the stage and. Journalism —
so-called — and finds that the gentle
man with the cloven tail is the only
one who is ready to "offer her the. joys
of life. It would seem that Marguerite
found all men as devouring wolves,
seeking whom they might rend, so she
hied herself back to good old Wis
consin, never to try the city again- The
story touches upon an undoubted ag
gravated evil, but one which cannot be
cured by tho writing of anonymous
novels.
"\ (Rand, McNally & Co., Chicago;
price $1.) ••
things first. Each element stands out
alone, sharply denned. Like Cowper
again In his "Winter Morning's Walk,"
for example, it is not the gleaming
sweep of the horizon, or the spotted
dome of heaven, which , holds, Eliza
beth's attention so closely as the glow-
Ing red cherries of the nightshade and
the "white flame of lilies." With all
this dellcacv. of outline there still
breathes from Elizabeth's pictures a
certain charm of the largeness and
purity of things out of doors, which is
the siren call for the hapless city
dweller and treadmill : slave of the
smoky, sodden life In the mills of men.
Elizabeth's sly humor at the expense
of her fellows is as infectious as the
wine in her word painting. Perhaps
the reader is disappointed when the
painfully forceful Charlotte elbows her
way into Elizabeth's story, but he is
quickly rejoicing again when he be
holds the pudgy mother of the "Six
Bernhards" being made the yielding
target for Elizabeth's quick tierce and
riposte. If ever there. was a character
in bookland that needed sympathy it
is that self-same pudgy Charlotte, the
woman of ideas.
(The Macmlllan Company, New
York; price, $1 50.)
mit with all frankness that he unaer
took the reading of "Sir Mortimer"
not with a very pleasing grace. He
remembered too vividly those crass im
possibilities in "To Have and to Hold"
and "Prisoners of Hope." The vision 6f
another hero being left broken-legg«d
in a wilderness with savages closing in
with each closing paragraph of tlw
story arose before the wearied fancy o£
the reviewer, freighted with not a little
prejudice. The opening chapters of the
book did not give 'promise of any happy
disillusion to come, but when the tale
gets Into swing after about three chap
ters there is no laving down of the
book.. The reviewer's pride will not
suffer him tx> state that it was his lack
of taste which prevented the~due ap
preciation of "To Have and to Hold"
and "Prisoners of Hope"; on the con
trary he feels that, most logically, his
very strong appreciation of "Sir Mor
timer" must be only due to a higher
art on Miss Johnston's part, expressed
in this her latest book. v ./-.,;
Miss Johnston is never chary of
choosing a large loom for her plot
weaving. The building of a colony, the
waging of a momentous war seem to
impart a very largeness and dignity of
grandeur tp the stories for whose back
ground they serve. Consequently it is
quite natural that the author should
have placed her present tale midst the
tremendously stirring times of Drake
and Hawkins and the lights on the
Spanish Main. Even the dry bones of
history clothe themselves with a glow
ing earment of romance -when" the*
have to recount the tales of the
struggle for a new world and the singe
ing of King Philip's beard by the gen
tlemen buccaneers of old England.
"They were busy men In the van
guard of a quickened age." writes Miss
Johnston In apt characterization of the
Epirit which led her characters to cross
the seas to the new world of wonders,
"and theirs were its ardors, its argus
eyed fancy and potent imagination.
Show them an acorn, and straightway
they saw a forest of oaks; an inch of
rainbow, and the mind grasped the
whole vast arch, zenith reaching, seven
colored, Inclosing far horizons."
Miss Johnston's tale opens with the
farewells to sweethearts and the drink
ing of stirrup cups to the success of
the fleet under Admiral Sir John Nevil,
which was to sail for the Spanish Indies
in quest of Spanish treasure and glory
for the banners of Queen Beth. Of this
fleet is Sir Mortimer Feme, a courtier
now turned ship captain and gentleman
pirate. After taking a rich plate ship in
Carib waters the doughty little English
fleet makes sail for Nueva Cordoba, a
fortified Spanish seaport town, reported
to be tremendously stocked with treas
ure by a renegade English spy who had
been captured in the sea fight With
the adventurers In possession of the
town and laying siege to the fortress,,
the strong spirit of the tale carries
swiftly from one adventure to the other.
Sir Mortimer is captured by the Span
ish Governor and Incarcerated in the
fortress. A determined attack by the
English is pictured by the author with
a strength vibrant with tension. They
are hopelessly repulsed, routed and
forced to fly to their ships, leaving half
their number dead or destined to the
«'auto-da-fe" at the hands of their cruel
Spanish . captors. Before the remnant
can leave the fatal spot comes to them
Sir Mortimer, maimed and half-crazed
by the torture to which the had been
6ubjected during his durance in the
fortress. Wild with bodily anguish'and
deep shame. Sir Mortimer tells his"
companions that it was he who, under
torture, had told the Spaniards of the
plan of attack which the English were
to pursue, and that It was he only,
therefore, who. was responsible for the
crushing repulse of his comrades.
It is In the weaving of the' plot
from this on that the author shows
her remarkable handling of the
tragic. Battles and , sieges yield
place to the terrible scourglngs of the
whips of Nemesis upon " this chival
rous gentleman who believes that his
honor is gone and who Is called
traitor by his fellows. Publicly
scorned is he by the Queen, shunned
as pariah by his . erstwhile friends
and utterly unworthy, even in his
own eyes "to- receive the lov« of his
lady, strong even in his disgrace. Sir
Mortimer flies England to retrieve
honor In single adventure against his
enerr-* the Go- r.or of Nueva Cor
doba. How he expiates his sin by
self-imposed sacrifices in the wilder
ness of the New World, how he misses
his vengeance, and how he is finally
cleared of spot or blemish are matters
not to be spoiled for the reader by
a presumptuous reviewer.
One reading "Sir Mortimer" cannot
but recall his boyhood's— or girl
hood's — breathless hours, over Kings
ley's "Westward. Ho." In several re
spects the similarity between the two
stories is striking, though this is said
with no hint of plagiarism on the
part of Miss Johnston intended:
Amyas Leigh. Kingsley's hero, falls
Into the hands of the Spaniards while
on a buccaneering expedition; like Sir
Mortimer, he is forced to wander
through the wilderness with his men;
. I^^ . A7UCS GREEN arid his fly
tt |^V In*' machine" stands forth
. .<• i. | very boldly from the nimbus
-. *• j_^/ of youthful fancies . when
;,'*;•. v • one reads ."My Airships," by
'g'i~>'z A. Bantos-DumonL It is
•a fur ,ery trom Darius' fatal descent
fr.dfn the .roof of the barn to San
¦ Vlcfs-DunJorit's leisurely roeanderlngs
c do\vn the" -Champs Elysees in his
lit.Clc "runabout." All of which goes to
proVe that, the world is growing wiser
¦n&that the word '"impossible" will be
dropped "from the twentieth century
. dictionary. ;„. ... -;-.-. _.
. ' :-My Airships" is certainly a book
'uniqiie in t!ie .publications of the year
and of ali the years since the Babylon
ians wrote their books, on bricks ..for
• tjrat matter. It is the first account of
an earnest .struggle* with the problems
• of- aerial navigation, the only struggle
lAyhieh his been fruitful of any marked
•^degree of. success. The -.intrepid, little
Brazilian .enthusiast has advanced the
.science . of • aeronautics beyond ths
stapes of problematic success by him
. self winning success In it. He has
•p.roved that" man can direct his flight
'"tii th« air.- His .patient endeavors have
resulted in a cor.clusive demonstration
;»Jpy the fact that hereafter not only the
S tauth; and the ivaters under the eartn,
•''bet the r^ace about the earth are to
-. .he th<» theaters of man's actirtties. Not
j£t .all surprising is it then that thr
• lirst. 'personal account of • his • achieve
" ments b>- the man: who is. the chief
pioneer .in 4 his. new and* fascinating.
science should be THE book of absorb
'Ing.interest to-day. \--\:\ ...*-V
fl Sanlos-Dumont says that the first
*>uick"eni'ns: in? rrulses -toward the solu
•*tton\of- the great crux, of modern
, science came to his youthful imagina
tion -with the* creation of the toy fuv
tballpons which he ' sent up from hia
father's coffee plantation in Brazil. To
the • imaginative child there came also
the matfic touch of Jules Verne's weird
rcinapces, filling, his mind with such a
yearnjiig. tor an attempt at ballooning
that-: vlien . he "made hiH "first trip ii
Paris at" the ap^ of 18 he was only de
terged train closing Avith a professional
balloonist f jf a trip. Into the clouds by
the. '.exorbitance pf the tolj exacted—
j S24.6. with all. risks'.on the passenger's
•h^ad-^even loo steep a price for the son
'^of a "weaiihy coffee grower. It was not
•* until" 1S97 that. the enthusiastic young
fellow found. We first opportunity to so
ballooning.' Within a year he owned a
balloon and was studying 'the pla'ns for
his first dirigible balloon, the "Santos
' jydmoid 2Z<r. 1." •, . Y .:•*,
. • Bcf pre coTitintiing the narrative deal
injr.Witb the. construction and trials of
• hlf. many aiTEhips. • the author devotes
*a chapter to" the-, complex conditions of
ourrents.' temperature and density in
the. otrnosphere" which hare to be
studied minutely by. the would-be alr
•ship-captain before he may dare a trial.
I"Sef6re' attempting to direct an alr
"Ehip,*! eats Eantos-Dumont, "it is
•necesiary to have : learned in an ordi
nary .bajlcion" the conditions of the at
,tnoEpb«rlc. medium;, to have become ac
. qualnted' with the caprices of the wind
end" to have gone- thoroughly Into the
>o dificiilties-r-of the ballast problem from
• tbe triple .point of.iiew of starting, of
equilibrium" in tke air and of landing
.. at the end of the trip."
" . All of these: delicate; problems Santos-
Dumtmt studied ffom his balloon and
• . then came tKe more complicated ques
tions involving the directing of a dirig
• ible tialloon. Weight, in halloon envel
ope, fn cordage - and In motor, the
equalization* of ballast, the correction
of the instabfllty of the gas volume; the
¦choice of a motive power which would
.Jnsare the. -"maximum,: energy with the'
•minimum weight— these were the puz
" rlea .which fiantps-Dumont had to solve
before "No. r* took" its Initial flight.
yAflcr the details of his first successful
ascension. Santos-Dumont narrates in
a- e&rtghtly - fashion his succeeding
cycle of kair r breadth escapes and flat
tering successes. At one time he is
falling : in' lakes, at another he drops
'fnto ihe Iltht-shaft of a hotel; aow he
soar» at ."R-lll about the Eiffel- tower,
• Vinninc ti}e -Deutsch prize, now he has
a Countess politely Bend his lunch up
a tree to him, sitting in his stranded
. airship. ,The very facts- of his narra
tive ore fascinating;, the simple, almost
naive manner of their telling makes the
book- doubly Interesting. Imagine
cklmminit' over the -'blile Mediterranean
j Ilke'-'a ruJl, or dropping off in front of
. y"oui:' own door to' get a package of
dgarctteji you had' forgotten In your
morning flight over'the roofs of Paris !
This bp'ok must stir- the Imagination of
a'coal 'heaver. ' ." "*
"is Santos-Dumont afraid when he is
aloft?"— that is the natural question of
the uninitiated; He answers it: "While
in the" air I have no time for fear. I
I have, always kept a- cool head. Alone
In the airship J. am always busy, for
there, is mqre than enojugh work for one
man. Like the captain of the yacht,
i piust'not let! go the rudder for an in
jtant."
(The Century Company, New York;
. illustrated by photographs; price,
- $1 40.)
• SANTOS-DUMONT .
Describes His- Trips Aloft
- ("Duke of Cameron Avenue," prio«
50 cents; "Merely Mary Ann," price 5*
cents.) H3
As to ZangwllTs story, on» who- reads
it can only yearn. In patience for the
day when Miss Robson's company win
arrive on the Coast and allow us to se*
the play. It Is a pretty * little story
with much more depth to It than ap
pears at -first; reading: : The play must
bring this out.
¦i«,HE- Macmillan Company has
,' I .brought out two good stories in
I handy size: .^'The Duke of Cam
* eron' Avenue," by Henry K- Web
ster, and Israel . Zangwlll's "Merely
Mary Ann," with illustrations taken
from the play of that title, in which
Eleanor Robson is now starring In tha
East. "The Duke of Cameron Avenue"
Is another of the'many. stories of the
battle of ballots /which have . been in
vogue recently — bright, snappy and
well written. This time the ¦ political
struggle is conSned toTa city, ward In
stead of having the broader, range of
"The Boss"- or "TKe Chasm." : ; Mr.
Douglas . Ramsay, warden • of « a college
settlement institution, launches .Into a
campaign against Boss Gollans, : politi
cal proprietor of the ward and ."Duke
of Cameron Avenue," In the Interests
of better sanitation for the tenement
sweat • shops. Adopting straight ' party
methods, he allies with himself . a
physician, with a' political -bee In his
bonnet,- and together they make things
,"demnably" unpleasant for the Duke.
But the dunderhead of a German, whom
they put up for the straw man asserts
himself only to make a fatal blunder
and the election is lost How It serves
Ramsay's ends, nevertheless, Is not for
the; reviewer to say, for that would be
telling the whole story.
GOOD STORIE3
Published in Pocket Siz9
THE' SAN.;; FRANCISCO: SUNDAY -CALTi
SIR MORTIMER— Mary Johnston;
Harper & Brothers, New York. .. Illus
trated by F. C. Yohn. Price Jl 50.
THE PRICE OF YOUTH— Margery
Williams; the Macmlllan Company,
New York.
A LITTLE TRAITOR TO TKB
SOUTH— Cyrus Townsend Brady; the
Macmillan Company, Now York. Illus
trated. Price $1 50.
THE CORNER IN COFFBB-Cyrua
Townsend Brady; G. W. DtUmghani
Company, New York: Hlostarmtsd.
Price $1 60.
THE YELLOW HOLLT-rtrgM
Hume; G. W. Dilllncham w— f««y t
New JTork.
LEFT IN CHARGE— Oar* \Lxr*M
G. W. DWIngham Company, Hvm
York. Price |1 BO.
HE THAT E ATETH BB2UI> WTtB
ME— H. A. Mitchell K**yg j M*C3ut%
Phillips it Co., New York. .
EPPY GRAMS— George Y. BetaHf
G. W. Dlllinyham Company. New Ym%,
I NEED THE MONBI-Hart Kf»
Hugh (George V. Hobart); Ck^w. Dft.
lingham Company, Ntw York.
SURE — New "ChlmmW l*64«s M
stories, by Edward W. Ttnroa«odj
Dodd, Mead & Co., N«w York. Prtoi
75 cents. _-
A BACHELOR IN AROJLDY—H*H
well Sutcliffe; Thomas Y. CrvwsUJl
Co., New York. Price $1 M.
THE TROUBLE WOMAN — CUm
Morris ; Tha Hour Glass . Btortaa. ' ITua*
& Wagnalls Company, Nnr T«i
Price 40 cents. - .
THE VINEYARD — John OUrw
Hobbes (Mrs. Craigie); D. Applston *
Co., New York. Illustrated. -¦¦'" •
DOLLARS AND DEMOCRACY— Cttr
Philip Burne- Jones, Bart.; D. Appleton
& Co., New York. Illustrated by the
author.
THE VIKING'S SKULL-^Tohn R.
Carling; Little, Brown & Co., Boston-
Illustrated by Cyrus Cuneo. Prlc»
•* 50.
THE RAINBOW CHASERS— John
H. Whlteon; Little, Brown & Co., Bos
ton. Illustrated by Arthur E. Becher.
Price $t 50.
THE BISHOP'S CARRIAGE--Mlis
lam Michelson ; Bobbs-Merrill Com
pany, Indianapolis. Illustrated by Har
rison Fisher. . Price $1 50.
MEMOIRS OF HENRY VILLARD—
Two volumes; Houghton, Mifflin & Co.,
Boston. Illustrated. Price $3.
MERCHANT OF VENICE— First
folio edition; Charlotte. Porter and
Helen A. "Clarke; Thomas Y. Crowell
& Co., New York. Price, in cloth, 60
centsjaaSHHBQftMBMSMPHMaB
PARSIFAL'S STORY— H. R. Haweis;
Funk & Wagnalls Company, New
York.; Price 40 cents.
THE STILL HUNTER— Theodore S.
Van Dyke; new edition; the Macmlllan
Company, New York. Illustrated. Price
» 75.-; ': ¦>"; '¦
MY AIRSHIPS— A. Santos-Dumont;*
the Century Company, New York. Il
lustrated. Price $1 40- ;
THE UNIVERSE A VAST ' ELEC^
TRIC- ORGANISM— George . W. War
mer; G. W. Dillingham Company, New
Fork. Price $1 20.
STANDARD SECOND READER—
Edited by. Isaac K. Funk and Montrose
J. : Moses: :Funk & .Wagnalls Company,
Mew York. .'Illustrated . in color.
r TEACHERS'. 5 MANUAL FOR SEC
DND .READER— Edited by Isaac 'K.
Funk and' Montrose " J. Moses: ; Funk &
Wa gnal Is Company,' New York
¦* FLOWERS - OF MEMORY— Allan B..
Hay ward..-Illustrated ; by. photographs.
THE GREAT COMPANION— Lyman
Abbott; . the - Outlook - ¦ Company, - New
fork. ' Price JLT : . ,_:
GOODWIN'S 'OFFICIAL TURF
2UIDE— Volume II, July to December.
LATEST
CONTRIBUTIONS
TO
BOOKDOM
6THAT war should be going on at
any time in any part of the earth
is a great sorrow to right-minded
persons. To be sure, we soon get
used to. the scare headlines and
as the initial shock of armies and
navies gives way to a long series of
alternating reports of victories and de
feats our sensibilities become a little
dulled. But the moment we stop to
reflect on. the enormity. of*» war
at this stage of advancing ¦ ' clvi
lizatio,n. in this year of the Chris
tian era, it rests as a weight upon
our consciences and our hearts. That
great, strong nations should, be flying
at each other's throats, that they
should be bringing together all their
munitions of offense and defense for
the express purpose of maiming bodies,
destroying life, ruining property arid
crippling independent existence seems
terrible. - Besides that, It % seems so
puerile, so irrational, such a sense
less method of settling differences.
And yet it must be said that a single
war is not *a'n Isolated or altogether
Inexplicable phenomenon. It is only
the objectifying on a large and painful
scale of . a spirit which ¦ runs through
all humanity and which shows how
little removed . we are from the
primeval savage. The war spirit exists
and finds frequent . expression in "V al
most .every nursery, on* every -school'
ground, in almost every mart and ex
change In the land, j See those two lit
tle tots, brother and sister, playing so
happily there on the floor. But a mo r
ment later, comes a shriek, a flood of
tears and a stream . of ; angry, wbrds^
Without any fonrial declaration of war
a state of war exists and perhaps the
entire stake concerns the : possession of
a poor little ; rag 1 doll/ or •¦ a' top. ¦ Here
are two ; schoolboys*' suddenly squaring
off and .rushing with clenched; fl3ts at
one another, while the" cry ; of "Fight!
fight!" rings across the playground, and
a crowd of interested spectators is col
lected in a jiff y./;; Here are capital and
labor in a , thousand "smaller, or mrger
contests seeking the one to get the bet
ter: of the other, .of ten" fighting 'out
their anta gonlsms to" the bitter end.
Thus the. warring" Instinct dominates
mankind '< and < when 5 Russia? and Japan
or when Turkey and Bulgaria marshal
their forces and try conclusions we are
to study, the ', In j the i light of
what we know/ of tho passionate,' pu
gilistic tendencies of imperfect hu
manity everywhere. - .., '.>;/.'
And Vet ,we must; take "heart as/we
see the growth of the peace sentiment
throughout . the "world. ¦,-/• Warfare and
hunting used to be;the chief vocations
of the Indian tribes that inhabited the
North ' f AmerIcariV/'_contlnent.:y To-day
rio<* many ¦ of ." our enlisted soldiers ; and
sailors even -are] spoiling ; f or^; a \ fight.
The best efforts of 'diplomacy are
rected to. the;, averting of j war- tand
"great ;. Secretaries 'of j State, like Mr.
Hay, seek assiduously not [only, to pre
vent tlieir own nations from becoming
embroiled,'/ but *; to; limit the ? area 'and
shorten'; the : time of ; strife between
other nations. ¦ ¦ : Moreover, the .'.'cbstll-'
ness o< armament and \ the deadllnesa
of warfare/ are themselves great deter
rentsJ 'Arid '.we" have, . too, .a body- of
earnest, persistent men .who :, through
peace " congresses^ and ' arbitration con
ferences are, -A exerting - an" - Influence
which has already brought about : , the
ratlflcatiori, of ;? Important; arbitration
treaties and is bound to tell more, in
the future*;:'* .' '
And you and I can help; too. How?
By cultivating; in ourselves and others
the two great' qualities -which conserve
peace. One isself7Control.^;The man
who : has tamed his own ¦ passions," the
nation which-, holds i itself with \ quiet
dignity,*' which /avoids /giving the first
blow everi'iri i the'; face: of 'provocation;
y- is ;' scrupulous f, toward ' J weaker
peoples~that /man '-, ,< and - that /'nation
help powerfully In >keeplrigr j the" peace
of the comTriuriityT/"andt .> the <'£. peace
of ; the worldJi^The- "other > restraining
quality ."isl good- will. The, nation Hhat
; ca res \ most ¦ to . get * land - and (wealth "; Is
likely-, to • be .drawn ? into i all /sorts E /of
feuds ; and ; fusses/ but j the (nation ; that
looks upon itself as a steward of. bless^
inga f or^other; peoples, '.that^wantaito"
serve?and' exploit^ the ''backward: arid,
depressed 'I peoples;, of ; the earth /will
never*- have > any part; , in » J any y but
/righteous wars. , THE : PARSON.'.;,
By The Parson
WARS
giant demons. \ ,
With a crash barely audible in all
that din, the door next to mine burst
open and the second mate flew out
apparently in midair, his trousers half
on, his nightshirt tangled about his
Ehoulders. I think he was- yelling,
but I am not. sure. He. too, lodged
against the table/struggling fiercely to
hold himself. Another sickening
lurch and the cabin whirled; the star
board cabin panels sank while the
port side rose threateningly above us.
The second male and I were hurled
together. • He yelled sorwethlng in my
ear, but I cSught only the one .word,
"hell!"
Suddenly the - ship -. seemed to burst
asunder, the lamp crashed/out against
a beam and we two went flying through
black^ space, gripping each other .des
perately,, until, with . a bang, we , shot
through .the \ thin " woodworklof , a door
and were, struggling " in '. what j felt like
a; small box!" : A thlrd^ person became
mixed : up ; . in . our ! struggles." I heard
the vicious spurt and gurgle of ;water,
"Till it was over?" cried ithe : second
mate. ' : "Why, blast it, ;. you I was too
scared to fturn "ouL/'Me .and* the boy
are ¦ the only ones '< who \ had the sense
tojturn out; 'We didn't lie trembling
in;our bunks— riot -much. "\ We turned
out to, cee what : cpuld be -done. We
can u tumble '. out^ when -there's - v trouble.
Then! 'cause 'iyriz happened ". to]* slip ; ; in
the dark t and /fall ; against your, bloody
doorVye ; raise \ a' kick. -Why /didn't ; ye
leave? It/, open 'so's we didn't rhaveVto
dive "through * It. , , Blast /your ' bloody
felt It creep up my legs and was rolled
over and over until my head was sub
merged. - . : .- : :';. r ,'>V ' . . ¦•""¦ ;
I felt the watef squirting down my
throat, through my nostrils, Into '¦¦ my
ears . and even my eyes! Blue .flashes
shot through my brain and. a sledge
ham m e r seemed \ v beating my , head.
Even I then, as my .senses were leaving,
I can remember the one thought that
shot through s me: - sSj^ra^OBsfffJl
: "We've turned , turtle and the game's
Upl" ¦'•'«¦ •;; '-¦ .. ¦¦.'.',: •¦
Relief came. I ; got my head out of
the water and took a long, deep breath,
a delicious gasp. : Slowly the ship right
ed. At last we stood on our feet, on
solid flooring.' The noise diminished;
the .unearthly chorus of shrieks died
away, in the distance. Something bang-
Ing the keel under us shook the entire
vessel, a gentle "lurch and— she stood
upright. '¦:'¦ /¦ . : *.v :' ¦;'.¦; .'.'. , :
, Finally, we could . crawl out Into the
cabin. Water; swished .'about the floor
between our feet^ I knew, where the
match' box was nailed fast to the bulk
head. I found a match, struck it- and
with some difficulty lit the cabin lamp.
The \ glass ) chimney was smashed, but
the wick burned a dim, smoky flame.
The two' mates were holding to tho
table as though still uncertain' of their
footing. 'The' door to the - after cabin
opened and the skipper appeared, bleed
ing slightly frpm a cut over one eye.
For a few seconds no one spoke. '.' , •
\ ."Well,-" I'll ? be damned," gasped the
second ' mate . at - last, ' smearing , blood
over his face from a cut on his hand. -
"I hope i vou; will be," exploded* th«
mate. " What « t'ell ; ye mean; you two
lubbers, • b/y.'J busting ' in ¦ ray, door * arid
'walking; all over/ me ? ; Why 'in : thun
; der .:' didn't ye stay in your; bunks-' till
it was over??-.. . '"'.':¦ ) \~: * 'rS ":
door, anyway I Wo camo la. to call jre.
so*s 700 should get oat, too, an* tnafs
your gratitude.'*
. "The 'en ye dldf ** snorted tho mat*.
•*Well, next time 70a call m* don't
jump, on my stomach, an' don't boat*
my wash' basin over our head. I ain't
so heavy a ileeper. A gentle tap with
a top maul will do."
Further 1 romiminartona wese eat
short by the captain ordering as on
deck. We crawled unoertataly tt» titf
companion way as t**"!*! still distrust-
Ing our foothold.
Overhead tht ikr wu almost dearf
then , was only a mtrrky mass of vapor
training over to seaward. About u«
the water was agitated In short,
choppy waves, licking and rmacfcfng
like a herd of hungry pigs.
Aboard lay heaps of debris e€
smashed boats,* bulwarks, spars, water
casks and ropes. Half the xntssaa rls>
ging lay on the skylight- Tho watch
man and sailors came crawling aft
with a lantern.
"What was X talUnjr y» about tho
weather In these regional** said the
second mats, vindictively. "Who wu
right r*
The mate ventured only a low. In
articulate growl.
"I 'spose," continued tho second
mats, addressing nobody In particular,
"as how none of these lubbers ever
saw a white squall before, but they'll
learn as they grow older. Cap'nTl
know better next time than leaving
his hold empty In thest waters. After
this I'll sloop on dock till wo get some
stiffening in."
"Jack," shouted tho skipper, "where
were you when this happened V' \ '
• * "On deck, sir," - replied the watch
man. "The cable got foul of the keeL
It was a dead calm, an* the blarsted
: puff ¦'. struck her midships before . she
could pay out."
> "All hands dtar away this mess,"
ordered the captain.' After, an hour's
; work ,we had cleared tho ' poop of all
; movable wreckage, lashed . fast .what
we could and then slacked out twenty
fathoms more of cable; It had been
too short. ¦*
By this time it was only two In. the
morning. Again all hands turned In.
and half an hour later. were peacefully
slumbering, forgetful bf the night's In
cident, and of the morrow's work, f The
second, mate forgot his vow- to, sleep
. on ..deck, -r for before I dropped -off I
heard T through the parti tioh , that sep
arated '.. our rooms the deep ¦ gurgle . of
his nightly sleeping song.
splotched by inky smears of vapor.
Still, as I have said, it was a fine night,
and so warm that all hands lingered
on deck, loath to turn into the stifling
bunks below. The moon, too, low on
the seaward horizon, seemed undecided
about retiring into a vague black
cloudbank on the outward edge. A
long streak of black crossed the satel
lite's red fa.ee like a fantastic mustache.
Its quivering reflection seemed like a
path, along which marched columns of
fiery helmeted troops, jostling and
fctruggling In eager hurry.
"It's a blasted fine night." said the
second rriate, mopping his bare fare
head with a bandana handkerchief,'
"but ye* can't always tell what'll turn
up before morning in these regions."
The mate was hanging limp over the
poop rail, like a wet towel.
"You'd kick anyhow," he growled.
"What you want is to sail under a glass
case." ..
The second mate and I were severely
testing with our combined weight the
strength of a canvas hammock slang
between two stanchions. The ease he
was enjoying caused him to overlook
the mate's caustic remark.
"Now, the ordinary lubber." he con
tinued, "would think as how it couldn't
blow about here, but I've sailed the In
dian Ocean quite some, and I ain't so
easy to fool.*'
"No," broke in the mate, "it takes an
extraordinary lubber like you to put the
barometer out of business. Blessed if I
Bee why we need a barometer aboard
with you here. You're as good as \ a
nautical instrument shop, blessed if you
ain't: Reckon rou could take a sight
and figure out a day's work- with an
old soup bone!"
The second mate seemed meditating
for a while, as though striving to com
' pos^e a fitting sarcastic retort/'but evi
dently gave it up as hopeless, venting
his full scorn in the brief remark:
"Aw, fell with ye!"
The air was sultry. A loiv mist cffcpt
out from the shore, bringing a smell of
damp earth, suggestive of a florist's
hothouse. A few lights from the town
twinkled through. The beacon on Skip
pers Island glared at regular intervals,
then dwindled to a mere red speck, like
a sleepy owl winking at us. We who
were aft could hear the men for'd con
versing at lazy intervals in sleepy,
drawling sentences.
Finally the moon seemed to have
made up her mind to dip into the haze
on the black line of the horizon, the
thick atmosphere distorting her blood
red roundness into all sorts of un
moonly shapes. As she began slowly
to be absorbed a light tropical shower
drifted overhead, sending down big
sQft balls of tepid water that struck
our faces like hot tears.
With low, drawling curses the offi
cers arose and stumbled down the
companion way. The -forecastle door
rattled as the men crawled in. Finally
I. too, aroused enough energy to aban
don the deck, leaving it to the drowsy
vJgil of the night watchman in the
donkey-room midships.
I turned in and almost instantly
dropped off Into a black, dreamless
sleep. It seemed but a minute, al
though it must really have been sev
eral* hours, before I suddenly awoke.
A strange, heavy sensation over my
chest sent a chill of fear through me.
From overhead, on deck, came a low
soughing roar, the ehlp trembled, the
beams creaked and some invisible,
power lifted me slightly and pressed
me heavily against the bunk board.
The dimly lighted . cabin outside my
door seemed sinking— sinking. From
the pantry came a crash- of- falling
dishes. Another quiver, a lurch and I
felt . myself lifted bodily out of my
bunk, hurled helplessly across my
stateroom through the open door into
the cabin, where the table, fast to the
floor, caught me. The cabin lamp,
burning, and smoking, swung wildly
to and fro,: beating. against the beams..
All around arose a deafening 'uproar
—crashing timbers, rolling, casks,
splintered glass and, above all, wild
unearthly howls, like a chorus of
. £""T" J*£ nature of the various oceans
• I seems to exert a curious influ-
I ence upon the people who live
•JL "on the sliores. The cold north
ern . seas rise "in- slow and pon
derous wrath, pounding end growling
and rparlnc. giving full warning of the
coming fight. Such is, also, the tem
perament cf northern races. But the
sunny equatorial seas, .shimmering in
tro.pical betiuty, are ever uncertain of
temper, treacherous, Quick to Emite
when least expected. A flash of
virtu-, a whirl of destruction, and all
Is over. " Again the waters smile, rip
pliar, and lapping the dead. Beware
of their insidious beauty; beneath the
limpid blue. lurks destruction and
death. ... •
. Such Is the Imprecsion gained in five
year* »pf sailing over many seas, from
the. icy North Atlantic to the balmy
Bay of Bengal.
The old" wooden bark Don Adolfo was
well known on the Pacific Com-t In
the early days. . "She sailed under Nlc
arajruan colors for several reasons.
First, * *he balled primarily from
Corihto; second, she was too unsea
wbrthy 'ever " to be registered In any
'•American • port. Her former South
•American owners, sold her to old Bl
chard of San Francisco at a low
: prlee, and were pleased to be rid of her.
T^her* I joined her as an apprentice she
wu fitting out for a trip to Western
Australia with a load o£ lumber, and
wu manned by as mixed a crew of
ocean vagabonds as ever sailed a ship
of- doubtful' reputation.
•" Surprise was universal when her safe
arrival off the Swan River was report
ed, but it was in that smiling tropical
harbor that she nearly met her end,
and that Is just what I am going to
tell about. How that old bundle of
timbers ever staggered across the big
Pacific without more mishap than the
loss of. half her rigging remains an un
solved mystery... Who will say that the
6ca has no pity?
The harbor of Frenaantle is broad
°aj>d 4cng end parijy o. ~n to the sea.
/Jrily eicjppers Island" breaks 1 the long,
cily Swells rolling In from the Indian
Ocean, outside. Within the water i»
one broad expanse of shimmering blue,
:.bo clear that in sailing over It the Ihne
•v.-hite- corals on the bottom, fathoms
deep, seem covered only by an azure
tnlsv . Ail around stretch cream/
beaches, dancing back' and forth with
•baby rollers, children of the booming
breakers pb'undlng the Jagged reels
outside." . '"•%*
.-Here* it was that the old Don Adolfo
was* anchored, after disc" irging her
'entire cargo on lighters Inside the .
breakwater, far out from shore, with
plenty of space* In which to swing
about' her anchor. It Is an Important
point; to remember that her hold was
empty, nwept clean 'from fore to aft.
That was bad; her skipper -should have
known belter. /In a few days, though,
the loading with Yarra iron " wood
would . begin, and make .a cargo re
quiring so ballast under It,
It .was a beautiful night, not quite
clear, for. overhead the Indigo sky was
Being the account of
ail experience in a tropi
call "White Squall,"
wherein a treacherous
burst of wind strikes the
old "bark Don Adolfo
Avhjle at- anchor and cap
sixes her— The water
bursts through her cab
in portholes, the men are
hurled in a heap and
arc about to be drowned
when! lie bark suddenly
rlgrlfts "herself and the
lives of all are saved.
THE SAN FRANCISCO; SUNDAY, CALI1
(Copyright,- 1903, by Albert Sonnlcfesen.)
WHEN THE DON ADOLFO
TURNED TURTLE
7no_text'1^^ HB wlnsonaei^ Easter mlaa ' has pr eat cause for rejoicing. • Prithee/ .-: why not ? :: J3am she not for the first time
' I '' In ¦ her} span of summers donned a' ¦ Ions' frock, a • hat that tilts at delightful angles ' and - dressed her hair after
r-Vl' the' fashion of 'her/ elder 'sister? v v ; •"/¦¦'. '¦¦••;•'¦ ' '• -"¦•*¦. '¦.¦ ¦ ¦ "v v " '":''. ¦¦"¦>' v *¦*-'< _'¦' :
In the privacy tf 1 the "nursery "/may^beYput 4 Into -.actual 'practlcar. use.*- especially aa"i the florist's boy deposits; a be
wildering array of < "his ; 'flnost offerings \n her; hands,; much to-^^the amusement 1 of ; the, entire family,' but to -her
: everlasting I J©y.- V '^- * -; - ' : ".•; ;: - : -J :: ' ' - : '~ :'• ,' "-' ' ''¦'¦•''¦'' -\-'-' r . .¦':¦*'•: - .-; : \ '¦'".',.. ;':^/*'"-'v' • ~^J :/ - . : ! ;
• Then,': when she ; ts , quite j ready she • stands - before -. the lone mirror .^and tur ns \ sl«wly one way an d then the
other. The shirred V'skirt'iWith^allTlts^ owlthlne .fullness ripples about " her :feet,*j showing - ; a bit'-of shiny kid
now: and : ttien •ahd t occasiohall7'a^gHnipse; of, lace ithat ; pleases' her' mightily/ Looking* higher, the dull satin
glrtle catches jher! eye -and^wUbj a J^ ? bit tighter, pulls the loose,
full ffront^upVan?elghth*of ?a*n?inch, : ; readjusts! the gold beads 'that encircle^ her* throat. 'and. then: smiles atlier
s«lf t in^aAJonyifaJBhion.^WlthS'aideep^courtesyi^ to the '{opposite 5 lady : in' creen- and; a _. murmured,* "Really. . you'll
¦ao." '¦she. trips? dbwnY the? stairs. 5 Kets^her2 beloved r muff "and ¦¦¦ walksrdemurely ; to-.church with 'her- father like a
dutiful ¦:¦ daughter;^ V But 7 really fwho'e la to \ say : «r even think, for ;that matter, that . the lowered '¦ head ; and veiled
eyes are« taking- in ',the- fit of her best "friend's"^own instead of seeing heavenly visions and being duly thank
ful for her manifold blessings?' '¦¦ .¦-•"' ..,'/;..¦¦¦/;¦¦; •• . :¦..-.' / . ¦ ; ¦ W^Ss^m^JB^mlSS^I^i
AN EASTER
MISSback and Its tendency is to droop front
and back.
Tho 1830 hat is bent down in the
back and is apiked to the coiffure. The
sides upturn slightly and are abun
dantly trimmed with small flowers,
while the front droops decidedly and is
trimmed with lace and mallne.
- One of the most becoming of these
round hats Is built upon a framework
of wire. This Is draped : with, a thin
scarf, upon which there are many lace
medallions and -Insets.. Th« entire
hat is covered with this and a little
border of lace hangs down around the
edge of the brim. The top of the hat
is trimmed with a wreath of small red
roses and at one side there are whlta
wings, which stand forth sharply.
Flowers and wings form the trim
ming for another v*ry pretty hat The
flowers, which are small red roses, ar« -
arranged in a wreath, which sur
rounds the straw crown. • Around this
wreath there lies another wreath,
which is made' of little white roses to
set off the red ones. At the aide of th*
hat there stand half & doz«n wlnga.
In red and white.
Feathers and wings ar« seen la
every color and the dyed wing is quite
aa numerous as the ¦' wing of natural
color. Shaded wings, shaded feather*
and shaded breasts - corns In •ndlew
color and' variety and some of taeim
are exceedingly pretty.
Straw hats are numerous this yeasy
perhaps more so than in pre^rteva
years; for the . straws com* ¦ in grtatar
variety and In a greater number •£
shades and in finer weaves. The Ugmt
weight Oriental straws are lovely, aa4
the very : delicate Imported efftcts are
as charming as one *¦•• could - desire.
There aro straws that look Ilk* aatlm
and there are straws as thin as a w*b.
Pretty Hata of the Year.
There come certain fancy varieties
of straw with mock pearls In the
weave and there • come straws, wltk
tiny iridescent*;stones that ar«. very
brlliant to the eye and that in them
selves, "make a fancy "trimming.
Hats „ made of f these straws come
high, but there is this virtue about
them, ;that' they require little trim
ming.
The flower hats are blooming thia
spring and the geranium hats and the
violet hats are In evidence. The gera
nium ...hats are ¦; in new ¦ shapes and
very pretty, one of the loveliest beinjp
a boat shaped hat; with sides made of
scarlet- velvet geraniums, while the
top is a mass of green velvet . leaves.
At one side there is. a-; chou of ger
anium : colored; satin * ribbon, while . In
the* midst of the geranium ribbon
there nestle two sharply pointed
wing3.
Another geranium hat 13 in toque
shape, »et well back from the face,
with wide upward rolling brim, made
of geraniums. The top is all of green
leaves with a . few large . geranium
flowers trailing at the sides.
Feathers are arranged 'upon many"
of the spring hats in new ways. In
stead of being laid upon ; the hat in
conventional fashion, they are pulled
off at" one side and brought over the
brim'; of the hat and fastened on the
under side. ¦ ; :
Lonsr ostrich feathers, all exquisitely
shaded, are arranged upon hats In this
manner and £re brought over the, brim
and tacked underneath. These feathers,'
which are long, are often in very, deli
cate tones,- thus making a very fine and
handsome trimming for the hat
: Very, few hats are " to be ! worn flat
upon: the head. All hat* are slightly
tilted ¦ and ; are . worn . either .back from
the'face or •; quite; at one Bide,'- though
the day, of the tilted flat, upon its ban
deau is pretty well past* Still the hats
have a tilted look and are made to pro
duce this effect by a Judicious use oj
trimming and br the 'bending, of .tha
brim In. uadulaUng fashion. •
and buyers of hata should secure them:
Is the trimming such that it can bs
used again? la there & lace scarf upon
it? Look to see if the scarf is cut up
¦o as to be useless next time, or Is it
a folded scarf, which can be taken off
and pressed and used many times? The
corded | lace scarfs, with rope cording,
are the newest; thing. \
Again, If it be a hat. with draped brim
notice: if thi/frlnge, or the lace, or the
needlework which " form* th» i drapery
Is of good quality. 'Unless It is really
good it is a poor Investment The new
est hat drapes are made of lace with
very delicate silver embroidery.
Again, notice If the feathers upon the
hat are long, thick, naturally curling
feathers. There/ are many expensive
hats which are trimmed with short,
stubby 'feathers that are - practically
useless afterward. Avoid such hats and
try to select one with a shaded feather,
of long, thick build, | with a heavy tip \
and a thick rib. Such feathers last
forever and. are well worth the Invest
ment
Metal ornaments are being worn upon
hats this year, and here one can use
a great 'deal of Judgment. There are
handsome rhlnestone buttons, which
look very pretty upon a hat, but which
are really very cheap. But, on the
other hand, there come expensive orna
ments of silver, of turquols*. of gun
metal and of heavily plated gold* which
will wear a very long time and always
look rich.
The. Hat Trimmed With Jets.
Jets make a very handsome hat trim
ming. They wear, a long time and,
though a good Quality of Jet is not
cheap. It is a good investment On* of
the handsomest of spring toques is cov
ered with dangling Jets. It is a round
toque, all laid In many folds, and along
the lines of the folds there is an abun
dance of Jet. , The tiny Jet danglers
look very pretty Indeed. And, to finish
the hat, there are Jet balls at the side,
each ball hanging from , a silky cord.
Three or four balls hang so low as to
almost touch the ear.
The continental hat is being consid
erably worn. This is a hat which Is
large and round and bent with an
effect at military style. There are
large black chiffon hats whlchare bent
In the tri-corner shape, and there are
othlr hats of wire, which are so turned
and twisted as to assume something of
a military shape. But these hats lose
their military resemblance very early-
In their career, for they, are trimmed
with long, sweeping feathers,' and with
bows of silk, and with bunches of chif
fon, thus taking away the resemblance
to the hat of the soldiery. ,
The fad for wearing the very light,
thin felt hat is a feature of spring.
There ; come very soft felts which are
draped with lace and made to do for
traveling- purposes. At the Southern
summer resorts one sees felt hats,
draped with a lace scarf, and made gay
with a velvet rose, and a few green
leaves. These hats will be worn all
'summer. Just as straw hats are worn
all winter.
The dav seems to be past when the
si|mmer hat is good . for summer only.
The wise woman will ' select her mil
linery In I such ¦ a * manner that It can
be worn" all the year round, and the hat
of August blossoms" prettily in winter,
while the hat of December, looks 'very
.-nice, on Easter J Sunday. V : • . -
• Hats, .llke'gbwns, -are -now. planned
for V all "¦ the) year round wear, ' and
J flowers' and v chiffon -are ; really so con-'
*? strticted'. that they : can be ; worn" to the
.matinee * next i winter. "
1 'The ; tendency - to •• set the * hat ".back
f roni the •- face ¦¦isj, a- growing; one." The '
"dip" 1 hat/Hhe * hat 'which ' comes Tdown'.
over the ; eyes,' 1 : Is , not 1 very 3 becomlhgr
and woman * prefers "(to V set ;* her . f hat
back and let her rippling coiffure show.
The coiffure ; Is waved . and ? Is dressed
high or low, as the hat may require,
and the hat itself is set well back. This
try to use old material. They think any
old scrap of velvet will do and that any
old flower will take the place of a crisp,
bright, new one.'; But a greater, mistake
than this waa never made." ¦¦¦¦-¦
Wliat It.Pays to Buy. >, ;p? ;.^ ; .
If you are buying; a hat outright look
at | It very ; . carefully before you pur
chase. It is fi. season of very, expensive ¦
hats, and while some hats are worth .
their money, others are not , The $20
hats have long plumes or bits .of ex-,
pensive embroidery. . ,, .. v
¦_ The woman _who pays j $30 for,- a hat
may; get her, money's , worth, ; and . it " is
likely in buying hat .'at that figure
she is laying out the money, better than
would, be possible, in any other manner.
-Yet $30 seems considerable to pay for
a . hat,' and _ there < are a, great .many,
women ,- who. > have -.never -paid ,- that s
amount But on the other,; hand, there
are $30 , hata { that "are well worth that
sum and that will come back \ one , In
actual value over and. over again.
So In purchasing a. hat this season, if
you are going to get a high-priced one,
look at the following points in the hat
They 'mark- the new: steps \ in '¦- fashion'
"Who ever wears the hats that are
displayed the first of the season?"
asked one woman of another, looking
Into a shop window at a very gay
model in three shades of brown with
wonderful pink roses and a great nest
of creen leaves.
The hat In question was an imported
xrcdel, a Paris hat, one of those hat*
which are brought over as a guide and
from which u great many hats ar«
built The, original model is built in
an exaggerated way and Is to be worn
only by some one who can carry It off.
But the hats that are copied after It
are charming.
The very large and the very striking
hats are to be v.orn only by the tall
and the distinguished woman. The
shorter woman must wear a hat # "not
quite so large or so conspicuous, the
medium sized hat, while the little
woman must be content with the little
toque and the tiny "made" hat of Lon
don tendencies.
The cost of the Easter hat this year
runs up to $200. This figure was paid
for a hat by the wife of a Plttsburg
steel magnate. This woman, whose
style is of the abundant type and who
can carry a hat of good size, ordered
a hat of silky straw woven with vel
vet strands. The hat had a curling
brim and a square crown. A few gold
threads lent it dlstinction.
The upper part of. this $200 hat was
faced with the finest of chiffon folds
and over the folds of chiffon there were
laid narrow bands of fine lace inser
tion, about three yards of lace being
used. The roses upon the hat, if one
may believe the milliner, cost at whole-
Bale $9 each. Thev were made of silk
and velvet and were so exquisitely pujt
together that one might easily fancy
them real. They were of the deep rich
shade of red which one associates with
the American Beauty. There was a
large festoon of them, with roses trail
ing over one side of the hat, while the
other side was draped wlth*a feather
which shaded from white to a deep
shade of red.
Getting Up Your Own llat. v
"The woman who wants to get up
her own Easter hat," said a milliner
the other day, "can easily do It If she
will learn to copy. ¦
"In every millinery establishment,"
said she, "there are copyists, women
who can trim beautifully if they have
a model from which to work. And
these copyists turn out hats that are
miracles of prettiness. It takes a little i
skill to copy, but it is better than de
signing.
"The woman who wants to make her
own hats should- make a tour of the
shops until she sees the hat she ad
mires. Then. she should study its ar
chitecture.
"Her second step should be to. make
a trip to the trimming counter to pur
chase the material for the hat. She
should • get the lace, the flowers, the
ornament, whatever it may be, and the
material used in making the bows.
"Finally, she should secure facings
and linings and any small necessities.
With these in her hand she. may pur
chase a frame and go home and do her
own trimming. Or perhaps she can use
a frame which she may happen to have
at home.
"Women," continued this milliner,
•"make a mistake in supposing that It
Is the frame which makes much differ
ence. Almost any old frame can be
bent Into ehape. and almost any old hat
can be taken out of last year's band
box, ripped apart, bent and turned and
twisted and made to look like new
again. .
"The secret of a good hat all lies In.
putting on good, new trimmings. Never
compromise upon your trimmings if
you are an amateur milliner, for In that
way you will ruin your. hat. ..
"The reason so many home milliners
fail," continued this milliner, good-na
turedly enlightening a little party of
amateur hat trimmers, "is ¦ that they
The Easter parade marks the open--
If.g of the spring fash ion season. And,
1*} its procession, nothing is as gor
•pfeems' as the Easter hat, which is pe
culiarly, the innovation of Easter Sun
.dny. The weather may be too cold
•.for spring frowns, but no matter how
cold the. .day the Easter hat will ven
ture-forth- . :'; ¦ . .
• There i« a hue and cry to the effect.
lljat the real Easter hats do not ap
pear on CaJEter Sunday and that peo
ple of good taste leave their best hats
at .home, preferring to come out- on
Easter day with their dull winter Jiead-.,
, pc.tr. .But if tliis be true of a few It
fs also true that a great many do come
. eit- Easter and so Easter Sunday sees
't!i.ma:iy line hats as ever promenading
Fifth avenue.
Easter Sunday, on Fifth avenue is a
wonderful fight. The doorsteps and
the curb are crowded with sightseers,
rtrblle in the center Dame Fashion's
iipvolees parade, proud to show the
"beautiful finery with which an abund
jiyt fortune has rewarded them.
' : The Easter hats this year mark a
a-istinct step In fashion's progress. In
deed., as a milliner declared, they are
u'ulike any hats that have ever been
K^en before. They resemble them
selves, but they do not resemble any
Gjher hats of previous years.
J " "A v;oman who tries to wear last
Benson's hat will look like an antique,"
.^e&ared a fashionable milliner the
.other day. Then, as she balanced an
• 4njffiense picture hat upon her hand,
"she added, "and she will look not only
' very old fashioned, but very old in the
•&.ce. for the hats of last year with
their flat tops certainly made a woman
•lock twice her age."
i; Hats That Are Youthful.
¦ . The hats of this eeason have a de
cidedly youthful effect. They are
.very large as a rule, but though big
iii sJzte, they are not heavy in weight,
."indeed, it is difficult to imagine how
each large hats can be built on so
•light a scale
• # ;.Take a hat as large as a .ear wheel,
*. hat which requires both outstretched
¦ ernis to go around it. A hat of this
.'•"lie will be abundantly trimmed, yet
";trimmed In such a manner that it is
Cot weighed down heavily. A clever
• milliner will so arrange It that it will
•cot * weijch more than 'another hat of
: half the eize.
' ...The hats, while larga, do not look
bigi for they are lightly built. Their
2)rfma aje' undulating, their trimmings
consist of feathers and light flowers,
. their brims are draped in muslins,
tulles,, chiffons and xnallnes. and their
entire construction is light instead of
Jjoavy. And this quality makes them
look smaller than they really are. The
picture hat of the season, though big,
does' not look too big. It Is charmingly
'adapted to feminine wear. * ¦
•'••It would be a difficult thin* to men
tion the materials, of which the fash
. ibnable rcedium sized hat Is built. Some
of " the- loveliest of hats are made of
straw, with a pretty ehell
fehaped" border. These hats have charm
ingly- shape a crowns, all laid in straw
fbldfe, and they are so abundantly
. woiien land Interwoven with fancy
weaves of straw that they require very
• little trimming. A rose or a feather or
two smart wings are all that is needed.
Ilie woman who buys one of thes*
.fajtcy pretty straws, in tan color or
butter color or pale yellow, will not
.waste her" money. She can place a rose
upon, the hat now. Later, she can re
place the rose with three outstretched
wings. ' And . later In the season she
can take off the wings and replace them
• tilth a few nice autumn leaves.
YVlrat tfye Hats Cost.
• The cost of the Easter hat is a- thing
t>efore which woman shrinks. But,
1 fhrlnk as fshc will, It la an Item which
!*h<! must face. The first hats of the
season are apt to be alarmingly high,
and even though they cost a great deal
. they «irc. not always hats of the most
useful order. &W
wearing of the hat well back from the
face ,1a almost universal, and all hats
display the forehead and pompadour.
- * There is • a • revival of >. the * 1 8 3 0 hat.
In -shape ' at ' least, though - in trim
mings the hat industry' Has progressed
to such an extent . that'*, the trimmlhg3
of the 1830 hat would not.be toler
ated now. But the 1830|shapes are
Identical with those /of "1004. Take,
for example, the round or/garden hat.
This is the hat with'. aground crown
and a brim all the way^afound. It is
a. little wider 'In the front than in the
C~T> HE world moves and Easter hu
- I come round acsln. . •
I- Easter brings with it. If tt Is
„ .1. well behaved, a rush of spring
• sunshine. But, brighter than the
sunshine,- more glorious than the most
Klbrious Easter weather, gayer than
tire burstirjr foliage and more cheerful
than Mother Nature herself is the
Easter 'hat which comes out to-day in
fullest panoply.
Bv Augusta Prescott
THE SAN FRANCISCO ,. SUNDAY, CALL.
THE HAT OF EASTER SUNDAY
10white jardinieres, tied with white or
velvet ribbon, will be the best way to
send out this stately plant, and If one
pleases it Is not only possible but very
smart tQ paint a greeting on the whlto
streamers, to give a. personal touch of
sentiment. Fluted paper," which re
sembles a . fabric, and .which comes
with a double niching In two colors at
the top, is used as a suitable cover-
Ing for the pot.
Of fanciful designs there is an end
less variety, one prettier than the
other. The Crimson Rambler rose is
trained into all sorts of pretty shapes.
the oddest of which Is the basket T»
all appearances, the blood-red roses are
arranged with their leaves In a pretty
basket, but Instead It is a rose tree
growing in a pot and skillfully trained
Into the shape of a handled basket
Decorated ceramics form an accept
able, though very expensive, way of
presenting flowers, but after all Is said
and done, a potted fern in a fern dish
is about as welcome a gift as can bo
found in a long day's Journey, al
though, to be sure, much depends
upon the person sending the Easter
remembrance.
Decorating' the Church
pleases, a broad ribbon, the same shade
as the carnation, Is tied around the
cover in a broad, flat bow on the back
and a bow of the same may. be at tha
corners^ ' \ '/;!{{
Hampers of Easter lilies will prob
ably, find their "way to many "a pretty
girl's Moor/and right . well will she be
pleased withVthem. But* the ''prettiest
and daintiest of 'i all '; are the ' azaleas,
which -are : imported : from Holland in
the mother, earth. Vv They are beautiful
blossoms and come in al colors, so that
they may be sent out in; Dutch wooden
baskets, mlxed> with : smllax or ferns,
the tall handles -covered 'with vines. *^
Blossoms fsxe;^another; favorite and
certainly they to. be, ;for they
are the daintiest of , the dainty. -In long
or short; branches;: one' may getithem,
heavijy ' laden ' .with ; the rosy : tinted
petals.," but unless they are handled Just
so they^are^ very; apt to look nungalnly
and as though they resented being torn
from ; the tree. )¦'£>. coarse Indian basket
Is a good ; setUng f or , them," for, they are
great drinkers and fade and die If they
are not 'well cared for. A common tin
velous vases are a fit gift. One of the
prettiest designs Is a large pond Illy
resting on a huge leaf of mirror glass.
Such a vase, filled with lilies, affords
the opportunity for presenting an artis
tic piece of bric-a-brac as well as the
flowers, and. In this way getting ahead
of the stern mamma, for while a cost
ly gift might be bundled unceremoni
ously home again, flowers and their re
ceptacle could not be returned without
positively Insulting the giver.
Carnations lend themselves beauti
fully to any scheme that the florist
may fancy and on: account of their
beauty and fragrance are a formidable
enemy of the rose. A Japanese basket,
almost like a vase In shape, may be
filled with them and a dull, moss
covered foliage is used as a new back
ground. Of course, miladl cannot very
well wear them,, but she may take but
as many as she pleases, and put the
basket in her favorite corner to enjoy
at her leisure.
The price of the carnation brings
them within the means of the average
person, and as a , consequence tha
Easter girl will receive them by. tho
bushel In . beautiful hampers of brush,
the new material for baskets. Gen
erally they are arranged carelessly and
the lid is raised partially or entirely,
showing the flowers, which look as
though they were oh the .verge of fail
ing out, but In reality they are caught
and held firmly In f place by wire "pins,
to the sides as well as to the. top. One
need have no fear about sending these
hampers a long distance, for they, are
set In blr ; baskets, which all florists
use for sending out such trophies, and
they ; reach their ,. destination without
being in' the- least disarranged or
bruised. Frequently, but Just as one
fragrant white petals will fall on the
singers until all have passed out.
No church decoration would be com
plete on Easter without the Easter
lily, the pure white chalices of which
carry their message of the resurrec
tion. The same church will have an
immense arch over the altar, \ which
will be composed entirely of great
white lilies and Southern sxnilax. The
arch will be of such a helghjt as not
to interfere with the shower of apple
blossoms. At the rear of tha church,
over the organ balcony, apple blos
soms will be cascaded with Southern
smilax, and extend i down the side of
the balcony to the pillar in a shower
of bloom.
One of the ,. New York churchea,
noted for Its richness of decoration at
Easter time, will use nothing but lilies,
crimson amber roses and paLos for
decoration. There will be a gradu
ated row of arches, made of lilies and
ferns, from the entrance to - the' altar
down the center aisle. Am the wor
shiper enters the church, the vista
¦ of . the aisle will appear telescoplo. On
the gate of each pew a cluster of lilies
and palm leaves will be attached with
pure white ribbon.
The shower over the chancel will be
made canopy shape, of Easter llllea,
ferns and smilax. The ropes of smllax
will ; be cauzht to • the side walls and
over the balcony. On each side of the
altar will be what > appears to be , a
cross ' made of crimson . rambler roses,
but which Is a rose tree itself, arrow-*
ing in a pot, and trained into the shape .
of a cross. The tiny blood-red clus
ters ¦ give ¦ a touch of color that Is
striking, and significant Clusters of
the •, rich red roses will appear os tha
walls,, while the altar rail, chandeliers
and pillars will be garlanded with
them. The decoration on the rear bal
cony rail , will consist entirely of lilies
and a huge cross of the^red roses.
Another ch'urch will use'
the' Japanese quince as a ". banking ; for
the ; pipe ¦ organ. As "the - latter : Is «".i
rectly In front of the church, the re
sults will • be effective. Garlands and
festoons of foliage, and Easter lilies
will be suspended from the very dome,
with great . shower bunches of lllfes
banglpf at taterrsJs crex tb* T altar.
pall may be set In the basket and the
branches arranged and tied, and lo and
behold a gift fit; to be sent to a queen
Is ready to be on its way within a few
minutes. ...'{'
The laddie. that has a lassie In tha
country has found a novel way of
sending his greetings. Suitcases are
made of cardboard, but such rood 1ml
tations that at first glance It Is ¦ diffi
cult to distinguish them. from the gen-,
uine leather ones, especially as they
are sent by express and are covered
with labels and have the donor's card
attached. ..\ :
No matter how much one might like
to send flowers/ they "have heretofore
been so expensive that only a certain
few felt that ; they V could - really and
truly afford it. But, fortunately, that
age has passed. Simple rustic baskets
made of wire * twigs | and | leaves have
come • Into vogue. and are exquisitely
pretty when filled with marguerites or
any_ of •!• the :• cheaper, V; simpler; flowers
which ; are ¦ so , : abundant. ~ : Urn-shaped',
baskets,' . shoes and i reticules,': such ; ' as
were ; used , in our grandmother's days,
are no wj and then : : ; seen' In) wire sand
! brush,*.: and j probably 'will , continue to
be popular receptacles for all the more
"common, ; Inexpensive posies. ; ..; •'-''*"
- Cut ? flowers, f no « matter ">;¦. how • rare
; they> may^be,'-; a l wa y s -'f a 4 e "-^ s thelr >
loveliness Is very;fleetlnf,; so;ther« is
a growing: tendency ? to present ferns
and flowering plants' at ', Easter ;- time, '
without ; any, attempt ' at decoration ;!>•- •
yond their, own beauty. }¦ Rlbbona, how
ever, probably will i be greatly and : In -
trimmlnr th« branchM of plant* and •
Jardlnlereii.v> -
Although other, flowers com* and go,
the ; Easter, lily will • always b* ; tho fa
vorite of the Easter sirL Enamel
The apple blossoms will N be used for a
shower over _the" chancel. ' This shower
will - be made likej an immense floral
umbrella on a wire frame.' The latter
will be first " covered with ' the piersoni
fern/ that sport ; of the " Boston * fern,
which "\. will be admirable because of its
feathery "fronds. A.7 fringe; of "¦ these
ferns will hang from the umbrella cir
cle," the top' and' the inside of which
will^be covered .with" pure white apple
blossoms. : Long strands : of smllax will
extend ; from ; the • points of : the ) shower
over '< the chancel to the "side walls.
These .strands ' will be festooned with
apple* blossoms caught with pure white
ribbon, v ,? ;
: ! At the close of the service, when the
choir . Is singing the * last , hymn '¦' and
marching out, a unique ceremony will
be - observed. Four of the ; choir will
take hold :• of . the ¦ smllax ; ropes, which
will ; be * adjusted ; In such a way as to
close the' umbrella, and the shower of
Y-^VEN in the large cities the
L/ church that is decorated for the
I I f Easter season by a florist is In
\, the minority. As is the custom
in town and country; the women of the
congregation still take the matter in
their own 'hands and~~turn the church
into a bower of blossoms with ,thelr own
lilies and plants and other green and
blooming things that they have bought
or borrowed for the occasion. I
But from the few churches that are
regularly decorated by florists many
ideas easy of adaptation can be secured
by the home decorator, so to speak,
and they will tend to give a more
pleasing decorative effect than that
produced by the customary banking of
flowers in crowded quarters around the
pulpit.
Arches and shower effects will be 'a
feature in church decorations this year.
Qne of the prominent New York florists
is . making ' elaborate plans . for - the use
of £ the afpple blossom, : which -he will
bring from the South " in ' great quanti
ties. Japanese quince, one of the
most rare and expensive of flowers, will
also be added to the list of Easter'fa
vorites. - - . \
BY SUSAN R. CUNNINGHAM.
about the edge as a frill. Fasten a
bow of the violet ribbon at each side
and tie a loose bow on the under side.
Then turn the hat upside down and
fill it generously with the fragrant flow
ers and plenty of leaves, for they add
a pretty touch of green that can be ob
tained in no other way.
Another clever idea is to give a gar
den hat, no matter how oil or how
broken it may be, a generous coat of
gilding or silvering, and then turn back
the corners to form a square. Fasten
the corners with loops of ribbon or
cords, or even grasses, and fill with
flowers of all colors and descriptions,
wild flowers if they are to be had, for
they are a vivid reminder c * the coun
try with Its carpet of green.
Of all the bevy of girls not one has
been forgotten, even to the very re
ligious one, for an Imitation prayer
book has been chosen as a suitable gift
for her. The book, when It is opened,
contains some white or lavender flower
appropriate for the day, which, by the
way, does not prevent the case being
used later as a receptacle for the prayer
book itself. Imitation books, with titles
on the backs from popular authors, ar«
another novelty, and they are not only
pretty but a trifle that pleases the book
worm mightily.
Sentimental Johnnie has discovered a
brand new wrinkle that has tickled his
very soul, for the blissful day has come
when he may with all propriety send
his best ever an imitation photograph
album and one side Is reserved for a
picture of the donor. Certainly no one
could object to such a pretty bit of at
tention, and for once In his life Johnnie
Is blissfully happy. Of course, such
notions are always almost certain to
be carried out In a more expensive
way, for the Idea Is too pretty to be
discarded In hot haste. The girl who
wants to please her betrothed may
tuck a miniature of herself In the flow
ers and give him the pleasure of nnding
it. or she may send any other article
of value that especially pleases her
fancy.
Not only are baskets made of vari
ous greens and willows, but rustic
work baskets have been appropriated
by the up-to-date florist for azaleas,
snowdrops and baby roses, and as the
baskets come In all sorts of oriental
colors and In every Imaginable shape,
they are always pretty. •Particularly
so when they are made of a moss
green wood* plentifully sprinkled with
flitters to resemble snow, and tied with
ribbons of six or seven contrasting
colors.
Hoses will never cease to be popular,
especially with those whose purses are
not expansive enough to Indulge In
orchids, and all the newest frills and
furbelows that cost a mint of money.
The American Beauty, a regal rose In
Itself, looks Its very best when pre
sented In a Bohemian glass vase, but
as every one cannot afford that luxury,
they are being; dressed up with : rib
bons In oriental design* and with great
floating ends, for their long stems per
mit of such treatment.
For the chap who can afford It max-
C~T] 1* E Easter girl 0* l$04 Is f *r more
•. I progressive than her sister of a
• I few years ago. for while one wa»
' "JL pleased with floral gifts Bent In
loose brunches and tied with ribbons,
the other wants something more fetch
leg.' "ciore chic. In other words, this
' 1904 girl has progressed in such a fash
ion that she is best pleased when her
; pct flower is artistically placed in an
intricately woven basket of pussy wil
lows or arranged in one of the multi
tude <;f charming and fantastical ways
that^ have come into such vogue.
The -California girl may love the
orchid, but It is not the flower that
hoMs the olace of honor in her heart,
apd. very few of the 800.000 that are
needed in New York to supply the Eas
tt?r Gemand will be needed here.
•' Eut -.orchids, when they are sent, are
jStfch.e^Quisjte blossoms that they need
"much' careful study. In fact, they are
P0t unlike- a beautiful picture that
• $»ee«ls*"a handsome frame to comple*e
it, '"for. if the/setting of either is net
h*ahn«nious. and artistic much of th«
•Tjeauty is lost.
JPatkfiSM the most popular way tc
fend .orchids to" the Easter girl is to
nutss them in baskets made of young
pusj#. -willows. These pretty little
things, have been forced in hothouses
bn-x>uf;>o!?e fof the Easter basket, and
tl»e Qortkt that has neglected this part
bf^uV.lmstaen has his men out seour
tXUt Ahe country for the very earliest
•io'n'vE, bstH "they are being brought to
toV. n by the cartload.
. Of .gaskets there is an endless va
riety, "und. all manner of odd shapes
: are bo'ing woven, which, by the way.
ie' dctte. <i*uite as sytematically as any,
other method of. basketry.
' « A . particularly tit one Is what is
knOwn. as the nest basket. The pussy
willows* are woven round and round
like a nest, with the pussy heads
saucily protruding here and there, to
[,Jiven .the dark -.green and brown of the
. twissJ' Fitted .snugly in the nest is a
glass -recferitacle, and when it ia filled
c wit£ "the magnificent blossoms, with
he.re • arid there a petal straying over
[ l«i« nest-, it is a floral fancy that would
please" the most fastidious and exacting
. girl on earth.
. Anoiher fav'crite style of basket is
the c*e that is shaped like a diamond,
o wkh four handles meeting In the cen
°t«r. Covering the glass In the bottom
are*- masses of violets, and resting
serenely on their sweet bed are orchids,
tumbUr/gr -about .In artistic confusion.
°JTo give the prettiest effect some of the.
"blossoms should be attached to the
<fcfi.nC.ljes-. for they are very graceful and
lovely and fall naturally and easily
ever the edge of the basket.
•• -These dainty receptacles are not to
fce -us'ed entirely for presenting flowers.
• fof. tfie Easter hostess has had her eye
" on • " tpem for some time, and her
Ilun.ch,e*on or dinner table will be
dressed." as It has never been before.
Nothing could be daintier or more In
contrast than delicate tints of the
orchid*, the rich shades of the violets
and the" dark framework of the basket.
• • Another charming conceit Is a large
jChlnese- straw plaque. The flowers,
anything in the deep yellows, are fas
•tened firmly on one side and then per
dlt'ted 4.o droop In any ! fashion that
th^y please, but the stems are con
cealed by a great bow of yellow and
laVender ribbon that stretches across
the plaque and ends In another great
.fluff-fluff. Jonquils are especially at
tractive, as their rich yellow blends
»*o prettily with the straw color and
•the touch of green finishes It off with
,fe) chlcncss that is peculiarly Its own.
The sweet-smellmg violet Is always
certain of favor for the Easter girl.
Und* especially this y -- as Easter
• conies early. Tucked here and there
la eyery available nook, set In a frame
. work jpf lace or fastened on fur, they
ar c e always dainty: Corsage bouquets,,
try the* way. .are to be tied with an im
parted" corduroy ribbon, which Is to
'take the place of satin ribbon, and the
.or gold cord. The new ribbon
carries in green and violet colors, both
of whtqh are to be used In tying boxes,
' baskets.* hampers and everything In the
.floral TAne that may be sent as an of
fering.of good wilL
* ' The shower bouquet, which until very
recently has been entirely used at wed
*'«U?igs; -has been remodeled a trifle, and
•is to be one' of the most becoming fea
1 {ure« of the smart • Easter frock; for
viofcts* lllfes of the valley and even
p%nries can. be beautifully arranged by
usirvr a narrow green ribbon and In
"etead jof being bunched and tied with
the regulation bow they will hang
gracefully and ? wing. In the breeze.
• A charming Idea /or presenting vlo
lefs to the sweetest and prettiest girl
in die ttfffn is to make an Immense
garden hat of .violet crepe paper, hav
ing a double frill of white crepe paper
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALK.
FLORAL
FANCIES
OF THE
EASTER
GIRL
11¦t""TROM Tuesday to Sunday," Vic
!_/ tor Hugo wrote In .his diary
ron January 3, 1S71,. "tnt: Prus
sians hurled 25,000 projectiles at
us. It required ' 220 railway
trucks to ' transport them. Each v shot
cost 60 fr.: total, ¦ 150,000,000 fr. The
damage to the forts \» estimated at 1400
f r. About 10 men ' have been killed.
Each of our dead cost the Prussians
160,000 fr."'
This extract giveB one an excellent
Idea of the cost and effectiveness of big
gun work on land a generation ago,
when it took an average of 2500 pro
jectiles, costing 150,000 francs to kill a
single man and to inflict less than £6
worth of damage on the enemy's forti
fications. '
But" times have changed since then,
and munitions- with them; and the
great ; guns of to-day, on * the sea, at
any, rate, give; a; vastly ? different-:ac
count of. themselves.-,' During >the' re
cent - war : between "America \ and j Spain!
It will ; be . recalled , that < the > Brookfyn
poured such' a, deadly deluge ' of •- pro-
jectiles into the Spanish warship Vis
caya that within : live minutes the lat
ter lay at the ¦ bottom of the sea :a rent
and bnttered jumble of scrap iron. ;
m In all, the Brooklyn fired 618 shells at
thf,' Viscayn, and the bill of destruction
read thus:
To 14i 8-Inch shells at £50 each... '£7,050
To «5 6-inch shells at r £21 each..'. 1,635
To' 12 6-pounder^shells 'at- £1
each ..:...:;;.%:.:.;;. ...'.:...'.! • Vi
To 400 1-pounder shells at 12s 6d
;„¦¦ each.:"..::'. '.'. ......::...: '....'.... 250
-Thus the, five minutes', firing cost the
United States .£8677, and • during each
minute of i the duel the Brooklyn hurl r
ed 123 projectiles at heh enemy at a'
cost of £ 17S5.' If we add : to ; this the
cost of v the Viscaya'8 £ answering ' fire
we see that the] ficht' between .the two,
ships could, scarcely '-/have "^ cost less
than: £30Q0-a mi;iute, or at the.rate'of
£180,000^ an hour. >Wei must: remember,'
tod, that on neither/ ship '.would', I V be!
possible to 1 use • all the available ' ; guns ;
at once ; so '; that t there j Is "¦¦ still ? a ; large j
margin; for increased expenditure when
a man-of-war is in -apposition -to/; use
her; fighting powers \ to the \ utmost;,,, "
But let us take one of our own flrst-
class battleshipsi the London, and esti
mate.the cost of five -minutes nehting,
assuming that she could use all of her
46 guns throughout: f . " a
1 The - London's ?\ four 12-lnch guns,
which, by the way, cost: no less than
£220,000,- fire -armorrplerclng: shells,
weighing; 850 ipounds j each, ; at . the« rate
of two a minute, : each projectile with
its cordite charge of 167% pounds, cost
ing £80. -Thus in five -minutes' fight
ing * these four ¦ destruction-dealing
monsters^ would; hurl at; the ;enemy 40
projectiles hveighing more .than' 18 tons
and'costing X. 3200/ '¦;, <yy'--'i r ~ •¦ . ¦
: Each 6-inch i cun."" of which . she -has
12,- 1 costing *£37C0' each, throws shells of
100 pounds weight,; costing £14 apiece;
and in five: minutes :of. rapid, and' con T
tinuous 5 firing!; -.these "guns! would'* pour
JntoEthe enemy's ;8hlps- a hurricane;, of
projectiles ¦• approximately , 21
tons, ? at . a cost : of . ; £6888. , So - '" far .we
have'oniy;accounted'for^l6. out pf.^the
46 T guns.^ Thu^Ikjndon's 1 12 T pounders
number -18, 'and cost '£555.'each; - ; .from
the i mouths of \ these 'i guns "¦ J no i fewer
than' 900 shells could be poured in five
minutes,' representing . over. 9 - tons ' . of
metal and a cost:- of £3880.— London
Times. '
GREAT COOT OF NAVAL WARFARE-
The SupremeCourt of the District of
Columbia (Hall vs.^Southern Railway)
holds that a railroad company, can lim
it its liability for loss of baggage by
LIMITING LIABILITY FOR LOSS OF
BAGGAGE.
r-i>HB question of communication
|. between the various parts of
I aship which has to be con-
I trolled from the bridge and
* conning tower is still in an
unsatisfactory condition, although en
deavors are being made: to .solve the
problem by committees in the Channel
and Mediterranean squadrons. As I
¦ EN monster locomotives, the
. - « * I " largest In the world, are In pro
" 1 • 'cess of construction at the Bald
..Jl win. Works. Each will be capable
cf pulling a greater weight than ever
'•p«f ore. accomplished by a single loco
". paotlre. ,;:"-''.**-,
" • Thes*> machines are part of ! an order
•tor fiZty placed by the Atchlson, To
: peki and Santa Fe Railroad Company,
* a,n.d the wdrk of construction is being
rushed for an early delivery. It Is cx
* • pected that this locomotive will prove
tne. beginning of an epoch in railroad
freighting which may result in the abo
' •Fition of thousands of smaller and
Veaker engines of this and other coun
tries. •;
They are the product of a theory that
* one gigantic locomotive, having the
* DQwer;"of two of the present average
" -type, can be operated, more cheaply
1 -than two small ones.
The ten locomotives will be able to
pull 60.000 tons of dead weight on a
level grade. If the first-class armored
e'teel battleships Vermont, Connecticut,
Kansas and Ohio were placed on
•wheels on a level track it is safe to say
That they could be pulled across the
continent by the ten locomotives. A
.Bering of flfteep or twenty of the ordl
*nary type of freight engines would be
.required to pull "a similar weight.
" The weight of each engine complete
.• wfll be about 2S0.OOO pounds and that of
,4he tender about 200,000 pounds. Their
epeed'Vill -be much greater than that
of freight locomotives now used in
. culling the ore trains of the Santa Fe
- ¦ . Am II nil III III! .i <MTH «lli I lit II IUIMIMH Mil 111 1
• v
Itary roads in Korea and will be started
for the seat of war early next month.
Six of the engines are of the standard
gauge and six of narrow gauge.
Owing to the fact that Russian loco
motive plants are small concerns it is
thought by many railroad men that a
large order for locomotives may at any
time be placed with an American plant
by the Russian Government.
pointed out some time since, the Vio
torlous in the Channel and the Vener
able in the Mediterranean fleets have
both been specially fitted up with me
chanical and electrical apparatus for
experiment by these committees, who,
I understand, are subsequently to hold
Joint meetings for the purpose of com
paring notes, when further tests and
experiments will be made \ to dear up
any points of doubt or conflicting evi
dence. The main question Is, of course,
to give the maximum amount of pro
tection to a system which is the least
likely to break down by other means
than being cut by the fire of the
enemy. This is naturally very hard to
obtain, for both electrical and mechani
cal .arrangements are peculiarly liable
to get short circuited or out of gear.
The voice : pipe « still holds / Its own . In
these competitions as being ' the most
trustworthy/,- wherever .' protection can
be efficiently given, as there Is no elec
trical , or; mechanical^ apparatus to go
. wronfr /¦which", can fender ; It* Inefficient,
as the electric call bell can, on a pinch,
.be done without^ This "system has been
vastly, improved -recently ¦ by the fixing
of megaphone "mouthpieces" to each end
"of the pipes', '• as not only do these de-
Hyerjthe message Tin much louder tones,
but ' they •' also collect the'; sound ' and
pass it. on* from persons at varying dis
tances" from " the "mouths' of ;th e ~ pipes.
Another device which is attracting at
tention; is the": fixing of megaphone ; lis
teners'and speakers '""to*- the) telephone
Itself ; and I ; am Informed; experiment
is being made with encouraging results
in ' this ; manner of delivering and re-
road, and their cost will probably be
at least a third more, than that of the
best frelght.englne now on the road.
From the time the first cast was
made until the first shipments shall
start over the rails for the Southwest
fifty days will have elapsed. A force of
about 1S.O0Q men assist in the construc
tion of these engines, the thousands of
pieces of iron and steel being directly
handled by at least half that number.
Although of the same width of the
smaller engines and adapted to the
same tracks, the new type . is much
longer and higher than the others, and
when placed beside one of the old style
locomotives the latter appears a pygmy
indeed. The most distinguishing fea
tures beside the size are tandem cylin
ders and the immense driving wheels.
Before leaving the Baldwin shops the
ten great locomotives will probably be
Inspected by representatives of several
of the Eastern railroads. «
The other forty locomotives will be of
the balanced compound type, similar in
many respects to the French engines.
The .drivers will be seventy-nine Inches
in diameter, and the cylinders fifteen
'and twenty-five inches, with a twenty
six-inch piston stroke. They are de
signed to attain a speed of eighty miles
an hour and will be used exclusively
for passenger trains. Each will weigh
about 320.000 pounds, Including the
tender. Shipment of these will begin
April, and the last. will leave the shops
in May.
While work on these engines is rap
idly progressing a rush order for twelve
locomotives from- the Japanese Govern
ment Is being -pushed with all the ex
pedition possible. They are for. the mil-
eel v ing - messages, the Instruments
speaking out in almost trumpet tones.
It Is to be, hoped that some safe and
certain system, easy of operation, will
shortly be established, for swift and
clear inter-communication in our fight
ing ships is, obviously, of the very
highest importance where fire control
In action is concerned, • as well as the
eafe navigation of our ships under all
conditions. . ...
In addition to the hydraulic hoists for
boats, which can only be Installed In
fighting ship* with hydraulic power for
other • purposes, such as working the
machinery of the guns, etc., electrical
boat hoists, for. such ships as have
electrical Installations only, are being "1
Introduced Into the navy. Such appa
ratus as this Is becoming Increasingly
necessary in modern ships, whose con
struction makes "it almost impossible
for the men to man the boats' falls,
and have a clean run along the deck
to hoist the boats rapidly, as was the
case in the old ships ' with long gang
ways and flush deck. In the days of
masts and sails. The fiddler or band
then j played /up the boats at night, or
played In the boom boats when prepar
ing for sea, at the double. As it is
frequently the case that slow hoisting
may endanger the life of a portion of
the crew,. as well as the sides of the
boat* Itself, some electrical, mechanical
or hydraulic system of rapid Working
has become necessary,^ and is in no
way to be considered as a luxury only
for saving manuallabor. ; Nevertheless,
they 'are labor* saving, as well as time
saving machines, and will prevent the
men being brought on deck so "of ten
durlng.the silent hours in the evening.
—London Globe. S3B
goods and special care is taken of
them when the;'; are of such', value,
particularly when no affirmative act
of wrong- upon his part Is shown.
Hirsch vs. N. Y. Dispatch, etc., Com
pany, 85 N..Y. Sup.198.
be held responsible for any excess over
the. maximum value stated in. the re
ceipt when he shows ,thiit an extra
charge is made- for more valuable
LARGEST LOCOMOTIVES EVER BUILT
A BAFFLING NAVAL PROBLEM
;.-. When goods -are delivered to trans
portation company for shipment arid
are of value in excess of the amount
stated In the receipt, if the true value
is not given to the carrier, he may not
LIABILITY WHEN TRUE VALUE
1 OF GOODS IS NOT STATED.
conditions as it may see fit, and which
the passenger is bound to observe.
The decision was .handed down in a
suit brought by the purchaser of a
rallrpad ticket for passage on a cer
tain train, which consisted of sleeping
coaches only, and who, not having se
cured the necessary berth, was denied
passage. The plaintiff's contention was
that a railroad ticket is a contract
and that a flrst-clas3 passage on this
train was guaranteed hint, nothing be
ing said on the ticket about the neces
sity of securing a berth. Ames vs.
Southern Pacific Railway Company,
Cal. Sup. " . i
FLIGHT OF CARRIER TO MAKE
UliOULATIOXS.
? carrier may inake such proper reg
ulations as he sees Qt with reference l«
the reception, addressing,' packing and
¦loading of goods which he receives and
transports. Harp vs. Ohoctaw, etc., R.
• Co.. 125 Fed. Rep. 4<5.
¦ : IMITATION OF LIABILITY IN
CARRIERS RECEIPTS.
The United States Circuit. Court at
•Plttsburg. in the case of William Doyle
Vs." the Baltimore iuid Ohio Railroad.
«ays -that, under the present methods
or doing business, a railroad company
: ill responsible for the full value of
(goods lost In transit, notwithstanding
!th« printing or stamping of a clause
,00, the face of the bill of lading call
ilnc .lor a maximum allowance for re
! lease, unless the agreement as to value
"»ha^l.h > ave been made between the
railroad and the shipper, and also
agreement as to freight rate, with the
signature of the shippers to the agree
ment.
DELAY IN SHIPMENT NOT UN
USUAL—CARRIER NOT
LIABLE.
When it is shown that there has
been no unusual delay in the transit ot*
goods shipped by a carrier, there can
be no recovery for such delay when
notice was not given to the railroad
company that haste was imperative.
Choctaw, etc., R. Co. vs. Walker, 76 S.
W. Rep. 1053. : * !
ACCIDENT— UNNECESSARY GONG
RINGING.
If one in charge of an electric car,
seeing that a horse Is frightened by the
approach of the car, and that its driver
is in danger, continues to Bound the
gonp or rirs the bell, and . further
frightens the horse and causes it to
run away, the car company is held, in
Oates vs. Metropolitan Street Ryl Co.
(Mo.), CS L. R. A. 447, to be liable for
the injuries thereby caused to the
driver. •
RAILROAD TICKET A RECEIPT,
NOT, A CONTRACT.
A railroad ticket is not a contract,
according to a decision rendered by
the California Supreme Court It is
also declared that transportation com
panies may make rules and regula
tions beyond what appears on the face
of a ticket and that the passengers
must comply with them all. The court
says a ticket Is more of a receipt than
a contract, and holds that a railroad
company can impose such additional
stipulation Jn railroad ticket. Plaintiff
sued for loss of $150 worth of personal
effects destroyed in a wreck, claiming
that a carrier cannot Hm,lt its liaibllity
against its own negligence, but the
court held that : it" was competent for
the parties to agree to the valuation of
the goods and to contract that In case
of loss . only "• the 'amount agreed upon
should be paid. The court also held that
having signed the ticket the plaintiff
was estopped from setting up the claim
that she did not know Its contents and
had not read the ticket, and found for
the plaintiff for J100, the amount of the
liability stated In the contract ticket.
LI ABILITY FOR NON-DELIVERY
OF TELEGRAPH MESSAGE.
Where a telegraph company accepts a .
message notifying the sendee that his
sister was dead and of the time of the
funeral, it will be liable for damages
for the mental anguish caused by fail
ure to deliver the message, although
the addressee resides beyond the .limits
within which messages are delivered
free, and although the company will
not deliver messages outside of those
limits without payment or guarantee
of charges, when. Instead of notifying
the sender and asking for payment or
guarantee of the charges, it returns the
same message with the information
that the party Is not known. Bryan
vs. Western Union Telegraph Company
(N. C), 45 S. E. Rep. 938.
ACT OF GOD EXCUSING CARRIER
FOR LOSS OP GOODS. -
An act of God will excuse a common
carrier for loss of goods in his posses
sion unless he was guilty of negligence
In, or contributed to, the loss. If he
was guilty of such negligence, he will
be held ilable for the loss; but having
¦hown that the superior fore* was in
a measure responsible for the loss, tha
burden Is cast upon the owner of the
goods or animals to show that tha
carrier was also guilty of negligence.
Jones vs. Minneapolis, etc., R» Co.
(Minn.) 97 N. W. Rep. 893.
IrflABILJTY FOR MISDELIVERY.
Where merchandise , is accepted for
delivery to a certain person at a
casino, and by. the carrier was turned
ever to an expressman and by
him delivered to tha bartender
at the casino, who accepted
tha merchandise, receipted for
and paid the charges, the carrier will
be liable to the consignor when the
bartender was not the agent nor au-^,
thorlzed to receive the goods for the
consignee. Schlesslnger vs. N. V., etc.,
R. Company, 85 N. Y. Sup. 372.
SOME NEW AND TIMELY COURT DECISIONS
"Y N all the history of the Inception
\ '•' arid progress of the present Russo
¦•"J -Japanese war there Is nothing »o
interesting or so fascinating to the
frank, 'outspoken American mind as
the. subtle intrigue, the plot and coun
terplot, and the far-reaching net of sly
diplomacy that has just begun to drib
bleVut from both sides. It is the sort
•of covert game that democratic Amer
ica does not fully comprehend, hence
t.he dragnetting of libraries and book
stores for anything that will throw
even a side light upon the subject.
As a particular example in point, the
:woria is Just beginning to realize that
tne assassination of the Queen of Korea
& vaj' back in 1SS5 has a distinct bear
ing Upon the present trouble — indeed,
was part" arid parcel of the long and
tenacious intrigue that has culminated
•In the war of to-day.
"This far-reaching plot and the in
tense American interest therein is
In a review written by George
Hainlin Fitch, the book reviewer, in the
Sunday Chronicle. He says:
• "Tb.e strong public interest in any
book that gives information about the
Far East has Induced Little, Brown &
Co. of Boston to issue a new illus
trated edition of "The Queen of Quel
parte," that striking romance of Rus
sian intrigue in Korea by Archer But
ler Hulbert, which was recently pub
lished.
"The romance turns on the ambitious
plans of Russia to secure possession of
Port Arthur and of the intrigues which
led to success in wresting the fortress
from the victorious Japanese. Colonel
Ivan Oranoff is the central figure oZ
the romance, and much of the action
turns on the state funeral of the mur
dered Queen.
"It would spoil the reader's enjoy
ment to give a glimpse of the plot, but
it may be eaid that it contains some
remarkably dramatic episodes, In
which a young American plays a con
spicuous part. There is a framework
of fact u:*on which the story is built,
and this framework the young author
obtained at Heoul while he was serv
ing as cor.-espondent for several Amer
ican newspapers.
"He shows that Russia secretly in
cited the uprising against the. Korean
monarchy that led to the death of the
Queen in order to gain a hold on the
kingdom. Then she used that virtual
mastery of Korea to transfer, the coun
try to Japan as a sop* for the' seizure
of Port Arthur.
"One of the most vivid features of
the book is the superstition- of the Ko
reans, which permit* the hero to con
duct a state funeral without a corpse.
The story is intensely' interesting, and,
in addition, it gives a good picture of
Korea and the Koreans."
As pointed out by Mr. Fitch, the au
thor of "Queen of Quelparte" has built
his novel upon a foundation of truth
and historical fact, which is the reason
that it is now enjoying such a wide cir
culation.
These are actual facts, for, although
the name of Quelparte, an island prov-
ince of Korea in the Yellow Sea, is
used, in the title of this story, the de
scriptions, customs and most of the
legends are distinctly Korean, and the
setting of the romance is entirely true
to those ' wild days in Korea In the
winter of 1897-98 when Russia accom
plished Its bloodless conquest of the
country, and temporarily withdrew in
the following spring— according to com
mon report to pacify Japan— soon after
Russia's lease of Port^ Arthur from
China was made known.
Despite the large degree of fiction
in the narrative it is doubtful whether
there is more fiction than fact. The
Queen of Korea was murdered In her
palace at Seoul October 5, 1895, in the
belief that she was playing into the
hands of Russia. The palace was fired,
and only a fragment of her body fe
malned to be carried In the imperial
funeral, which occurred in November,
1897. The details of the events In tns
chapters "The Imperial "Funeral" and
"The Signal of the Scabbard" are de
rived largely from the author's letters
to American papers written from Ko
rea at that time.
But there is something more vital
here than certain descriptions and in
cidents, and that is the; spirit of Rus
sian intrigue and Russian aggression.
The thread of the love drama is. of
course, a fiction cf the author's, which
all will recognize, but the record of
Russian methods cf Intrigue in the
East, of her Infinite scorn of truth,
of the depths of her deceit, of the
intense liveliness of that old dream of
Peter the Great, of Russia's purposes
in acquiring possession of Korea ami
of the reason for her throwing it away
again is essentially true.
The will of Peter the Great, referred
to in chapter II, Is kept in the secret
archives of the Russian Government
with vigilant care and religious rever
ence. It is inscribed: "The Secret Plan
of European Supremacy left by Peter
the Great to his Successors on the Rus
sian Throne."
It is because of this value of timeli
ness, as well as for its historical truth,
quite apart from its absorbing interest
as a tale of love and adventure, 1n
which, too, it has been freely declared
there is more truth than the author
cares to confess, that the Sunday Call
has secured thi3 excellent novel for
publication, complete in four editions,
beginning next Sunday, April 10.
As is pointed out by reviewers ail
across the continent. It is a book not
only replete with adventures and ten
der passages, but it gives the best ac
count of the long series of hidden dra
matic Incidents that led up to and cul
minated In* the present war and of the
intimate customs and beliefs of the Rus
sians, Koreans. Chinese and Jap.incv' 1
that has ever been written about the
Orient. It Is even more fascinating and
reliable than the histories* themselves.
For that reason, beginning next Sun
day, It will be a valuable addition to
the long line of timely and high-class
novels that the Sunday Call, following
its advanced literary policy, has been
giving to its readers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY/ CALL-
TIMELY TOPICS OF THE WORLD
"THE QUEEN OF QUELPARTE"
RUSSIA'S INTRIGUE IN KOREA
12Fond of *SKacKles
Ancient Tree
fla^tittooing of the eqciaes Is said
be a" new fa.d, which had Its origin
Paris a-bout the first of the present
•year. Prominent leaders of society tn
the Frer.ch .capital, it Is eaid, have had
tseir^ family coats-of-arms puactnred
In^o the eides of the horses, and the
new craze Is reported* to have already
spread throughout Europe. The new
'-"- In Portsmouth; ;• England, is a dosr
which does a man's work— not because
he' la 'compelled, but evidently 1 because
he likes to make hjrsself useful in that
way.. He is a fox terrier and his name
Is; Jack.. .'I..', -.",¦'.•¦;¦•:;:¦ :'.'.-,;*¦ .. „- X." '':' \ /*.'
Early * in the morning he tro ta down
to the pier and ;\there hestays all day,
ever on the lookout for a Isteainer. for
he 1 got", intbl his head some time ; agt»
the idea that- his mission in life was
Agamemnon, it has been claimed, Is a
glorious myth, bat those _who have felt
the 'charm! of { Homer's matchless epic
', telling ot his achievements at Troy wfll
be loth to believe ; I L ; Let Cus keep in
violate our belief ; in ; the heroes! ;¦ You
niay see to-day 'Agamemnon's tomb at
Mj^enae, f: to '•'.- which
he. as Btta?>* returned triumphant from
the ; conquest I] of * Illum,'i:- bringing ' with
him. as Aeschylus tells In;the* greatest
of Greek ''tr^edies,'; the -'fair; Cassandra.
Agamemnon did not die of old age, cov-
: Tattooiiig Horses
Dog Deckhand
Ancient Tomb
Throughout Korea a number of
tnosunients ere still stanlinz whlcix
date from the trar of 1592, when
«i"pa.n invaded Korea with 300.0C0
men- ¦ These "monuments of ears." as
ihey are called, mark the burial places
of the 10.000 ears which ttrere cut
from, the heads of the Koreans as tro
phies .cf victory. There are cany of
these * monuments In Japan also, for
•eorne cf these crewsenie relics were
taker, home by the coa<nerlcg army.
Ear Monument
These baskets have been placed here
and there In ; the crowded thorough
fares/ and all that persons who are rat
ing oranges , have to do is to place the
peels in them as they pass by. At regu
lar intervals^ the baskets" are emptied,
and care b taken to keep them bright
and clean- So successful has this inno
vation proved [ that '"other cities In Eng
land intend to "adopt it.
In virtr of the numerous accident*
which a r* constantly occurring in the
London streets through persons' slipping
on pieces of orange" peel which have
been thrown en the pavement the city
authorities have recently instituted a
system of wire baskets, tn which eaters
of oranges" are " requested to place the
peel. ' - " V-^ : '•"..¦•' •¦ L
An Instance of the absurdity of some
of the notions held by our ancestors
was the notion that the rlngins at the
church, bells had V counteracting effect
in a j thunder storm. V*. It was supposed
that the vibration of the air caused by
the movement oX^ the bells resulted in
the dissipation of the electric fluid in
the air. > The' belief "was" "so" common at
one time that the : priests had the bells
rung as soon as signs of an approach
ins thunderstorm were seen. "v Science
now holds a contrary opinion.' Not only
does the fodsd ; have no possible effect
on the air. but the vibration caused by
the ,' sound of « a bell '•. ;¦' upon a cloud
chirked with electricity may cause it to
discharge, its contents upon the "ringer
cf the bell In the'ehorch tower. . -
Bell Absurdity
FreaR "Devil"
Machine
wasting very Httl« time in eating and
often carrying on their work by car die
light. This is done so as to finish in
tlme'for^ market day,' for* the loss of an
hour may ineaa the loss of a market
day. ¦ ' ;; " , '
Frark Clawson is the name cf a
¦ing-olar fiddler cf Atlanta who is with
out hards. Kaxar years ago he was
cattgst in. a blizzard and his arms
jroxen so tadly that both hands were
amputated s.t the ¦wrists. For a long
time th* viclin tras silent and he sup
posed that his ££ilir& days were over.
H«. dedied. however, to experiment,
and. being & mechanical genius, he
made a contrivance of heavy wire
which would enable him to wield the
bcw.' The fingering was more diSleuIt.
but by leng practice he trained the
¦tsnp cf his left haul to rsake the
cecessary shifts from oca string to
tsoflcer and the varylsff positions.
"With the rts^a held la place by his
chin and kaees and with the help cf
his fLnfc-erleES arms. Clawson manages
.to clay his old -time selection* with
nearly- as Buch SfciH as he formerly
did: ¦ _
/~>{ AN FRANCISCO was the orig
\^X inator cf the twenty-foot eaucer-
V~ J shaped bicycle track for etage
r*-*' purposes, but two English ath-
Ietes have just been adding a
touch cf the sensational to this Idea
that has quite amazed all London.
In this new act the intrepid rider not
only uses a miniature track that is
smaller than the San Francisco orig
inal by half, bet. what is more as
tounding, pedals his machine at full
speed while the track is supported en
tirely opoa the shoulders of his part-
ner In the daring feat.
The most difficult part of this act is
the start and the finish, for the human
pedestal has to wait until the rider
cets a f.yins start from the stage,
¦when he has to straighten himself up
and raise both track and rider until
he Is quite erect, with only four guid?
ropes to maintain the very uneven bal
ance, and likewise has to sink back to
the awkward stooping position at the
end of the ride In order to allow the
cycler to Ian4 ea tiM stage safely and
gracetolly. , - .
Hand less Fiddler!
Peel Baskets
the capital he selected one in the dis
trict where he would have to pay the
least for his dog. Unfortunately, his
cleverness was misplaced on this oc
casion, for -hist work lay at some dis
tance from his house, and the sums
expended for/ cab hire more than
made up the extra dog tax.
THE cost of constructing somo
of the little "jerk- water" lines
In Peru is enormous. One
contractor had 6000 laborers
die while he was building ' 115
miles of track through a swamp. The
handling 'of * this mongrel labor Is an
intricate problem. If you beat them
It does tittle good. They would get
up after a thrashing and kiss your
hand. If you put them in chains they
feel like martyrs. Instead of feeling
disgraced the shackles seem to add to
the native's fense of importance. He
feels that he' most be a bold, bad man
to be, treated In such a decisive way.
It rather glorifies him In hLs own es
timation. ' '
Act Amazes All London
Every hair of his head and every
detail of the body and drapery are
perfect. The Cowing robea are as thin
ins paper. One can almost see under
the finger nails; the ana< show Z3 f-ir
as the elbow, inside t»f the ' loo.?-?
sleeves, evidencing the wonderful
?kil! of the carver and ho-w ciirelully
he must have done his work to pre
vent the delicate ivory from breaking
to pieces under h!a tools.
A newly imported statuette of a
priest carved ia one 'piece of ivory
shows how remarkable the Japanese
are and what a wonderful .patience
they have. The priest ia bearics ia
his right hand a sta£. to which la
bound a lotus bulb, while in the open
palm of the left hand he ho!d3 a min
iature figure of himself, exact a3 to
detaiL
nrERBis* freak electric rd-viT
I -\ wagon that has won the repu
| I tatfon of being the fastest auto
•Vy mobile in the world. It ia, ia
deed, nothing more or less than
a , marvelous ly strong motor on fcrar
wheels, with a light metal . "cow
catcherT-like hood to cut the, wind aa-I
protect the driver, who. with I the ex-;
eeption | cf his eyes and : the ; crown of
his head, is wholly concealed from view
when this terribie racer is traveling at
full speed, which is very m«ch faster
than a mile a minute.
With Its broad streets, its many
squares and parks, its wide, .noble
river and Its concentric canals, St.
Petersburg is open and airy. In* the
summer it has a little of the sugges
tion of Northern Venice, r/ith the puf
fing naphtha launch in place of the
gilding gondola. In the winter, with
sleighing from November to April and
with the surface ke.pt so even and
compact that it is equally easy to go
on wheels or on runner^— the only great
city that, from the force of necessity,
knows how to take care of snow— it is
a scene of intense animation- Th»
Xevskoi Prospekt. stretching tn a
straight line two miles from the Ad
miralty to th? Moscow station, and
th<»r>. with a turn, a mile farther, as
\v|dv; iis thre * Broadways In one, lined
v.ith im}.GJ?irr;T structures, and alway3
full of life. Is on? of the great avenues
of the world. 5 Tlie Neva Embankment
or quay, fronting the clear, beautiful
river for thr?» miles, and leavirtj com
meres only th^ opposite side and lower
section rt3ar the Gulf of Finland, .is
the favorite and unequaled place cf
residence.
The streyta are full of life and color
and gaye lv. The li ttle droahkies,
which seem like Tom Thumb vehicles,
in which two persons squeeze with dif
ficulty, are everywhere. The small,
scraggy horses under their douga or
yoke mateh the conveyance. - and the
f nli-haired L<tvos*chik, with his cor
nered plug and the long blue caftan
covering his entire figure like a raonk'a
robe, ; is the only considerable part of
the equipment. The private establish
ments are finer. Instead of the little,
rugged ponies ¦ are' *>the^ magnificent.
black, j gazelle-eyed Orloffs. The fat.
padded driver with his rich velvet pin
cushion, cap suggests the prosperity of
his master. As they dash through the
streets with their bright red. green or
blue* snow nets stretching from the
heads of the horses 'over the front of
the "sledge and down, to the _ground.
.they make a vivid picture of spirit and
color. The sleighbeli;£s never heard
and in the swift arid noiseless drive
, the pedestrian must look otut for him
self. Occasionally the picturesque
i troika is ~ seen' with the i htgh-headed.
Orloff in the center and nfs two
curved-necked and prancing mates on
either side. Now and then a battalion
of Cossacks trots ~ by " and in severe
weather the flaming . braziers around
which the istvostcbicks gather, to
Homer says he was slain by Aesris
thus, lover of his Queen wife. Aeschylus
tells that Queen Clytemnestra killed
both Agamemnon and Cassandra. The
tomb supposed to have held his bone3
must have been an imposing piece of
architecture when it was first erected.
City of Splendor
ered with honors, for that was not the
popular cf heroes in these strenu
ous days.
Trarna themselves add to the anhna
tion of the streets. — Saturday Evenliyc
Post-
Odd Carving
A statistician says that taking
l.OOC.CCO as a basis of calculation
there "fill still survive at the end of
seventy years 312,000 out of 1,000.000
persons. At the expiration of eighty
years there will be 107.000 survivors
of the original l.OC-0,000. When It
comes to ninety years of existence
there is a terrible thinning out of the
ranks.
Only SS41 out of the 1,009,000. or
1 in 113. will live to that age. At 97
but 24 4. or 1 in 4100, will be alive.
At SS hilf of these will have drop-
Length of Life
The life of man seems indeed but a
transient hour, hardly long enough "to
look about us acd to die." when we
compare It with the existence of a tree.
In comparison to gome of the sequoias
Methuselah died in infancy. A United
States Senator has lately made public
certain information received by him
about the amount of history stored
away In the great trees of California.
One cf moderate size, fifteen feet ia
diameter five feet from the ground, re
veals the following experiences: In 2T1
B. C. it began its existence. In 2(5 A.
D., when it was 515 years of age, a for
est fire burned on its trunk a scar three
feet in width. After 1196 years of placid
life. In another fire. In Uil A. D., the
tree, aged 1712 years, received another
injury. Another scar followed in 1SSG,
and was not covered with new tissue
for fifty-six years. The worst attack cf
all was in 1137. when the tree, then 2th3S
years of age. was attacked by a fire
which left a scar eighteen feet wide,
reduced by 1S50, in 193 years, to four
teen feet. These vast historic creatures
are being treated to the fate which
In the museum at Paris may be
seen a very curious specimen of the
palmiped family. It is a goose which
has four feet, two of which are at
rophied and placed on the right side.
She often lays eggs, but they are al
ways malformed and the shell is so
brittle that it breaks if touched ever
so gently. Efforts have been made to
preserve some of the eg&s, but in vain.
The goose enjoys the best of health
and. in spits cf its deformities, seems
likely to live for some time.
Be^ar?. cf people who are constantly
fcti:ttl;nr others, f.rdizgs £a— s and de
fects In their characters, cr slyly in
.SLnuatirg that they are net qtiite what
they ought to be. Such persons are
.iar.g«?rcus. ar.d net to be trusted. A
disparaging mind is a limited, rutty,
unhealthy mind. It can neither see ncr
'acknowledge god in ethers. It is a
'jealocs mind; it is positively painful to
'it.' to hear ethers speken well of. prais
ed, cr commended for any virtue or
good point- If it cannot deny the ex
istence of the alleged good, it will seek
t) tslsixsize it by a malicious "if"* or
-but,"- cr trr in some other way to
threw n doubt on the character cf the
persre-n rra:5ed.
A large, heaithr. ncrmal mind will
t*e the good in encther such more
cuick'y than the evil, b-t a narrow,
belittling n-.ird has an eye only for
faults — far the unlovely and the creok
«=i. Tn« clean, the beautiful, the true
-and the magnanimous are tco large for
its vision. It Celights in tearing d'.^n
cr destrcying, but it is incapable of
upbuilding.
• tVhcrever yo-s hsar a person trying to
belittle another, discard him from your
list cf friends, un!iss you can heip him
to renr."?dy his fault. Jyo not Batter
yc-rself that these who tell ycu cf the
failings cf other pecple. and criticire
and hold them u? to ridicule, win cot
treat rcu in the same way when an
crrcrt-inity presents itself. Such peo
rle are incapable *cf true friendship,
Jot true friendship heir*, instead of
hinders: it never exposes the weak
pcint in a friend's character, or suf
fers any cne to spec.: ill cf him. — Suc
cess.
Freak Goose
The Belittler
At a corner of St. Mark's Church in
Venice, the one nearest the Ducal pal
ace, there "has been standing since the
eleventh century a pillar of red por
phyry, carved with the portraitures
of four noble gentlemen of Albania.
In fact, they were brothers who went
to Venice ia a ship laden with vast
wealth- One couple plotted against
the other to secure all the treaaure
and at a feast each duo of plotters
poisoned the other. The signory of
Venice seized upon their goods. In
commemoration of so trnbrotherly a
conspiracy and as a warning against
avarice the uniQue and exquisitely
carved pillar was erected.
Odd Memorial
Japanese and Korean showmen, in
addition to their skill as jugglers ard
acrobats, display a. truly marvelous
skill In teaching animals tricks. They
rot only exhibit educated bears, span
iels, monkeys and jroats. but also
trained birds, and, what is the most
astonishing of alL trick fish. One of
the most curious exanjnles of patient
training is an exhibit by an old Korean
boatman of a dozen drilled tortoises.
Directed by his songs and a small
metal drum they march in line, exe-^
cute various evolutions and conclude
by climbing upon a low table, the
larger ones forming, cf their own ac
cord, a bridge for the smaller, to
which the feat would otherwise be im
possible.
When they have all mounted they
dispose themse Ives in three or four
piles l!k» so many plates. — Philadel
phia Record.
Trained Tortoise
Belgian, who was noted amon*g his
friends as being a trifle "near." as the
Scotch say. owned a very valuable dog.
When looking about for a house in
pe<J out. leaving only 119 souls alive
out of the original 1,000,000. One's
chances to reach 9S, according to
these tables, ia about 1 in 8406
"Of the original 1.000, 000 only a*
will be aliva to see 39 * years, or about
1 person out of l?,500," he continues.
"The century mark will be reached
by only 23 out of the 1.000.000, or, in
other words, out of a grroup of 43,503
persona born at the same time only
1 will fill out the century span of ex
istence.
"Only 1 in 3.000.000 persons will
reach the age of 10 4 years; just 1 ta
5.000.000 can b* exoected to see 1C5
birthdays; and as to living to be 105
year? old, these tables place that.con
tingency as out of the range of prac
tical calculations.
"Possibly one human being out of
the l.OOa.COO who shall have seen th?
light for the first time In 1304 will be
alive in 2010." — New York Sun. .
on a very odd system, dogs being taxed
according to their value instead of at
a fixed rate. The 'various suburbs
have different rates, too, so that a
man living at Ixstlea pays perhaps a
tri»!e less for his dor than he would
If he had a house in Bolsfart- A rich
In Brussels ths dog tax is managed
"Pang! Pang! Pang!" it roars.
"TVhere Is my victim? Put him before
me! I win crunch him! G-r-r-r-r-r!**
The stage is shaken by the throbbinss
of the monster preparing to leap. The
vibrations are carried out by the beams
and girders Into the auditorium- A
THE newest strong- man has Just
come over . from Europe witii a
trick that win make ordinary
strong men. turn pale with envy.
He lets an automobile run over him!
Some ordinary citizens — none too wiH
insly. It is true — have done the same
thing, though in a slightly different
way. But this big. b!ue-eyeii giant does
it every evening in. the week, to say
nothing of two matinees. It is a most
uncanny thin? to watch. The map calls
himsalf Lionel Strongfart.
The automobile is large. It may be
any color in the world so long as it's
red, Zor the public loves to see the
fierce, tire -breathing, time-defyms au
tomobile in the guise of a red" davil.
and, of course, with a machine of that'
color on the stage the act goes all the
better. When the curtain rises the
auto is discovered standing at one side
of the stage, its fcrewaeeis at the lower
end of a sharply inclined plans of
planking that. leads to a stout wooden
bridge. The further end of the bridg3
rests on a similar inclined plane of
planking on the opposite side of the
stage.
The auto is usually a gigantic tour
ing car, v**h teneau bttdy. weighing
ZZQO, 2S0O o* »-<* oa-Cs. In it sit four
or five passenger* or .core I* they can
be jammed in. T*v» monster machine,
with its heart of bra^* cylinders, its
lungs of steel radiators, its muscles cf
toughest steel rwstons and cogwheels,
stands peering up the wooden "Inclina
like seme fabulous monster seeking
prey. Its eyes, brilliant glass lenses,
set in sockets of polished brass, gleam
hungril>. .From the throat of the thing
come growlings, mntterings, great
sighs, that begin in a sputter and end
in fierce, crashing barks. That's the
way the strong man describes it. Then
he goes on to say in his own modest
way:
The giant puts hims^f on a!! four?,
back downward, under the . »tout
wooden bridge. His body is supported
by arms and legs, his chest. ter.3e and
inflated to its utmost capacity, sup
ports the britl^?. raises ».!:¦? end cf it
farthest from the automob'I* several
inches in the air. The giar;t testa the
poise, of the bridge art his enorznou3
chest, raises. Iower5. rajse3 it again.
He is ready. He give3 the signal by
nodding his curl7 blonde head.
The chauffeur pel's the levsr an<i the
hot monster rushes uz> the Incline,
gro-srling. barking, its passengers a lit
tle pale and clinging apprehensively to
their places.
Now the big red c-r has come out
on the bridge. It i3 still running up-
Tsrard as it approaches the giant's
chest. That chest, studied at close
range and calmly, looks as if it muse
crack under the awful weight of more
than 2009 pounds. The knotted ana
and gnarled Ieg3 of the giant are quiv
ering under the strain. The contor
tions of his writhing countenance ar»
awful to see.
On^on goes the machine. 0..
It rolls over the man's chest, passes
off the bridge, down the other incline
and so off the stage. The giant slowly
brings- hicrseif to an upright slouchQy,
breathing hard, hia head down, as If
h? is exhausted. A fewdeep inhala
tions restore his strength and tiia
dazed, helpless look leaves his face.
Once more he smiles and dotts at the
spectators. — St. Louis Post-Dispatcb-
thrill cf fear— the coinfortabre. intoxi
cating kind, the fear that wee on-9
ether than one's self Ls going to risk
his life in a tragic encounter— ia rnuri
cat5d through the house.
One man seemingly feels none of
this fear. That is the bis. blue-eyed
giant, who Is going to let the monster
run over his chest. He stands regard
ing the Thing for a minute, tv/o Ion?,
silent minutes, perhapj, as if it3
hungry, glaring eve3 had fascinated
Mm. hypno tired him. Then he tam3
from the monster and smiles reassur
ingly at the spectators. He bows right
and left- All is right. They nee I not
fenr.
la a report to the Depaxtirent of
Commerce and Labor United State3
Consul General Alban G. Snyder at
Bogota, Colombia, writes of the manu
facture of Panama hats. He say*
these hats are made on solid wooden
blocks by from two to four persons,
generally women, sitting opposite to
each other aad working steadily. Four
weme'a can make an average Quality
hat In six or seven days, whereas a
fine one requires frois three to six
wtek2. The Consul 3tates that %n ex
pert hatter cannot make as good a hat
in the dry summer . weather as during
the rainy season-^. These hatters work
•very day from* early in the morning.
Panama Hats
custom Is reported to subject the horse
to much cruelty, and society women re
gard the fad as a most barbarous craze
at the best-
Should any attempt be made to irn
pcrt the tattooing of horses into Amer
ica it will meet with determined oppo
sition frcm the start. The cruelty so
ciety agents are already looking Into
the matter, and it Is very probable that
the owner cf the first horse the sides
cf which have been treated in this
Parisian manner v.iil be at once ar
rested.—Exchange.
• The Err.percr and Empress usually
give five court balls during the season.
The first embraces all who have arty
.title to reccscitien. and counts about
three thousand guests. The second In
cludes something less than two thou
sand, and the number is reduced with
each successive ball until the fifth is
"4S0" cr possibly "5Q0." This last Is given
if: the Hermitage— net in the art gal
lery, but in the adjacent part of tlie
¦Winter Pala.ce which bears that name.
It Includes the favorite apartments of
the great Catherine and amid luxurious
eurre^iinjrs it presents as exquisite
scene. The first ball with its large
cumbers is a glittering spectacle. The
ehewy uniforms and the gorgeous
fowcj mike it rcsptCBOCSt in color.
while the nazes cf the national ci
f^rka ar.d the picture 'cf the grand
prcmenaie give it thl poetry cf rco
tic=-
Ts« rsrrrise corfies at the banquet.
XX the court balis in London and ether
capitals the guests, thrash much less
BSS&XtXa. stand ia crowded masses at
th« United tables. At the Winter Pal
ae*. even with 8000 guests, all" sit in
ecmicrt at t!tc orderly and splendid
2«ut. No **>rvic« icpdd be more per
fect. The Czar is there mere as host
than as Emrcrcr. He leads the Em
press to the place cf honor at the impe
rial table, but has no seat there him
self. Nor has ar.y male member cf the
tesper-.ai farr.ilv. That tible is reserved
Jer tie Czarina ar.d'the Grand Duch
esses, the Embo.ssa.dors and high func
tionaries Of th* court. Instead cf im
mediately statin? himself the Czar,
.after rlaein? the Crxrina. moves about
¦ -rrg the comrasy ta see that all his
l~cests receive full attention, and then
waen the regular course* begin, with
the hundreds cf scarlet liveried
servants, he takes any s-at that cay
chance to b*r vacant, tisua-iy p-rncng tils
RcM*an entourage.— Saturday Evening
Pest.
I Emperor as Host |
i ¦ ¦ .- - . v •¦-- '¦ -_¦'-- -
Ctir i ous Dog' Tax
old now. with possible long lives ahead.
If Ccnjrrtss fails to save these ancient
monuments and allows them to flit
through paltry buildings to a speedy
nothingness. It will have added one to
its ungraceful failures and omitted the
opportunity to add one to its acts of
wisdom and utility.— Collier's Weekly.
threatens so many of our • forests
throughout the land— the sawmill : and
conversion Into the fleeting materials"
of commerce. The tree of which we
have srwken, after defying storm and
fire far over twenty centuries, fell, a
victim to the desire for money about
three years ago. Only | ten isolated
groves cf these trees remain, and only
one grove is rwotected by Government
ownership. The nation ought to own
them all, and It 1.3 earnestly to. be hoped
that Congress will act favorably upon
the President's request to buy two mar©
groves— a modest enough ambition.
Some of these trees are twice the size
of the one whose age, has been ascer
tained and must be some fifty centuries
A cask recently constructed for a
California" firm has put the famous tun
of. Heidelberg In | the background. It
holds nine thousand gallons. It Is mads
of California redwood without, and th«
•election of timber and ' making re
quired two years. Eleven out of every
twelve trees selected were rejected as
unsuitable. Twer entire trains of wagon*
were needed to convey the selected tim
ber to the vineyard. *
The hoops of the cask, which are of
the finest steel, weigh eighteen tons,
while the completed cask Is thirty-eight
feet high and seventy-eight feet in cir
cumference and large enough to form
a three-story house, where three hun
dred people could dine in comfort. This
encrmous reservoir would, if its con
tents were placed in ordinary casks,
require thirty wagons for its transport,
and the contents represent a value of a
million dollars.
STRONG MAN'S GREAT FEAT
Largest Cask
to catch the mooring ropes as they are
thrown ashore from such vessels, and
this duty he has ; faithfully performed
ever since. Taking up his position on
the landings stage, he catches the rop«
in his mouth and runs .with It to men,
who then make^the steamer fast.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALIi
THE SCRAP BOOK PAGE
13Along the sacred road of Nlkko, In
Japan. Is an Idol about which centers
one of the most curious worships in
the world. Upon the surface of the
statue are seen little pieces of what
appear to be dried paper. If you stand
by the idol for a while and valt for the
worshipers to come along you will see
what these bits of paper are. The
devotee halts In ? front of the image,
then scribbles a prayer on a. bit of tha
paper. The wad he then chews up
into a ball and hurls at the god. If it
hits the face and sticks the prayer Is
sure to be granted and the pious pil
grim goes away happy. If the ball
sticks to some portion of the body the
omen is not quite so propitious, and if
It falls to the ground there Is abso
lutely no hope.
Such a mode of prayer Is even more
curious than the praying wheels.. of the
Buddhists, who set .the wheel revolv
ing and reel off, prayers by machinery.
As John . I* Stoddard. ,• the lecturer,
says: "One. sees, of course, numberless
strange rites connected with j religion
in traveling about * the world, * but
Japan ¦ is . the . only land ; I have : ever
visited ; where deities ', serve ; as « targets
for masticated prayers!"— New Tork
Times. S^^^iHHHHH
Throw , Prayers
"I'm tired to-night, Audrey; won't to
morrow night do? And our bills are
coming in for the wedding presents we
gave Nell, the violet tea you gave and
my club dues and that silver chain for
the dog, etc Dear me; I didn't know
it, cost so much to keep house."
"No; I must see Langtry, Harry; we
won't have another chance. You used
to try to please me; now you want to
settle down Just when Fm commencing
to have a little fun."
Oh, - Incompetent mothers who pro
duce such wives to make homes, to
preserve our nation 1 who "lecture"
children and then give up and let them
have their own sweet will until noth
ing suits. The children I see stamping
their feet In defiance of mothers and
fathers; crying in abided anger on th«
cars, steamers, eta,— -what lasting oom
fort can , they bring even to doting
parents, who lack the firmness to cany
on the noblest work God ever gav« to
parents?
To say the least, "heavens!" and
"Oh, Lordy," etc., were not once.con
sidered ladylike. And how Infectious
such things become. Songs that move
one's soul; muslo that leads armies
and even softens a nation and uplifts
It; dancing that molds to grace and
shows elegance of manner and mo
tion; beauty that grows from, true In
wardness; character that makes a true
man or woman; deep love and tender
ness that makes a home worth hav
ing, and all the sterling accessories
are what we ought to cultivate Instead
of ragtime to have a royal America, a
nation to lead and last.
sure to bring a bunch of carnations—
the big ones, like those you used to
send •me."
RAGTIME
By a Ctieerful tSilurian.
did cafes of New Tork ¦ is I universal it
Is . folly • to hope to ' restrict [ the indul
gence. It is horrible to: see young "girls
Imbibe f or ] fear of ; the' consequences,
yet when it ¦ becomes a question of ask
ing seasoned :" old ¦_¦ society •* matrons to
1SNT it spreading? I think In tha
terrible Chicago holocaust, -where
bo many happy children and in
dulgent mothers and friends met
such a terrible death; In the lives that
went out on Puget Sound bo lately,
In numerous accidents by rail, steam
er and elevator, we are brought to see
the lack of thoroughness in duties to
be done.
One sees It everywhere; the waste
of good material, "there's plenty,
more"; the "nickel in the slot" for
juniors instead of the little bank; the
candy in the mush, as if it were not
good enough to go on its own merit;
the tiny seams on many ready-made
clothes, seams for rush work, not for
wear, that pull 'out ere the gloss Is
worn off; the sewing that rips as you
go, threads and ends poorly fastened;
¦klrts and shirt waists with safety pin
attachments, making little tears in all
they touch and making new clothes a
frequent necessity. | -•.
Music hath lost Its soul and charac
ter its pearl of great price. The mar
riage certificate is supplemented by
divorce; love once so enduring trips
the fantastic toe and skips out.'leav
ing the home in the Sheriff's or auc
tioneer's hands; two lives go strug
gling out on life's sea: too often one
goes by the gas route and the other
goes behind a ctfunter or into a tele
phone office.
Fathers toil and toil, enduring to
the end, for luxuries have come to be
requirements. Maud must have a
at 1 1 ; all the , rest of the girls
have them; Clyde has to have a wheel,
< and the four-bit and six-bit re
pairs are numerous; Rich
ard must play tennis be
cause all ','. that xrowd
play; the dance goes
gayly on, twosteps and
waltzes; ' no need for
dancing • s c h o o 1 s;
Ethel and Gerald can
pick these up .any
where and /whirl
•• themselves into nerv
«us prostration. Moth
ers are struggling with
the - many •; laundry bills
\or : Ironing- and making
shirred -yokes, new tucks,
flounces, etc.; no ; time for
reading, visiting old friends
or - improving fonesself.
"Where are we ? all rushing
to ?s Can't we weed out ' some
of the useless -trash, concern our
selves , to . spare the mother . who
Is ; bur best ; friend-r-or : -ought- to
be— until i we* marry? 'Arid oh,' the friv
. olous matches!^ The - husband , wakes, to
flnd ? one: Incompetent! He has loved
!'& girl .with- the dreamy eyes." Now
- he needs \ good, \ hearty > meals^ a clean
house," a" sensible,: tidy r wife-r-no un
combed hair at breakfast \ table, soiled
wrappers, worn and torn dress > ruf
fles and braid; -languid hours over .a
novel and "Dear Harry, will you go
to; the .theater, to-night? I Just adore
Mrs. Langtry. ; No - matter about din
¦ ner; \ you can nieet me at — — caf e. ; Be
astonish their diaphragms »r potations
of 'cold ; tea . or pink lemonade r the • ma
tron Is naturally aghast. J;
And i decollete i gowns! Oti, my dear
sisters, think ! you ' you ) can ' or* : ever will
banish the decollete ? Nay,* nay/ ne valre,
newer buf«
fet, must
have Its
array of
decanters i
wellniled. Id
old Southern
homes the wld»
chimney places x
In the i parlors \
have tiny little \
closets on either
side large enough to V
accommodate a grener .- . \.
ous looking bottle and \,
tumblers. The momenv \
one enters It Is customary
to offer a glass of wine with
a dainty bit of cake or sweet
crackers.
People accustomed to rood living
with wine In plenty on the table axu
cot going to deprive themselves of the
luxury. A few years ago It was shock-
Ing to see a woman drain a glass In
public, but In these days when dining
and after theater lunching; in the splen-
Drinking In public was another point
of attack. Drinking Is largely a mat
ter of environment. In the East*
em and Middle States very little
wine Is Indulged, and blue and
white ribbon societies sway
public opinion. Children ara . |
fed on temperance lectures
and the majority take th«
pledge before shaking their
pinafores.
The German gives hit
children beer, freely. Th«
French and Italians be- -
Kin carlv to imbib#
light wines and Chi*
antl. In the South
tradition hath U
that the old
fashioned side
board, or th*
courage fewer daughters would drift
onward and downward.
No matter what a woman may do.
If her mother upholds her, society rec
ognizes her. To ostracize a woman
who Is good but unfortunate Is to mur
der her very soul, and these ultra good
people are the most heartlessly cruel of.
murderers In this regard.
There is no denying that many
women obtain divorces simply in the
hope of legalizing a liaison that is ao
insult and an offense in the sight of
God and man. yet there are many good
and true women to whom the divorce
court is the vestibule of heaven. Where
it is otherwise it needs no evidence.
A hasty marriage tells the whole story.
The woman who has suffered longs to
be free and the first breath of. freedom
is too sweet to be lost again In the
uncertainties of a new venture. She
must have time to cool off, to forget
the sorrow and humiliation of her life,
and later should a new love come. It
Is heaven-sent and a blessing that
comes in the nature of a reward.
But to expect a mother to lead the
vanguard of ostracism against her own
daughter is to insult her womanhood.
Whether she be innocent or guilty let
the mother treat her In such a man
ner as will lead the world to Judge
her kindly.
Then came the question of gambling
and of bridge whist.
There is an element In gambling that
fascinates nine out of ten women. Big
progressive euchre parties, given In the
name of charity, are Bomewhat de
moralizing. Women will make woeful
exhibitions of themselves in their
eagerness to secure a 10-cent prize
when they could buy a freight load of
such trash and never miss the cost.
There Is something revolting In the
Idea of Inviting one's friends to play
cards for money, and that refined
women bo far forget themselves is
amazing. The domestic upheavals that
have disrupted families in consequence
r.re Incalculable, and the woman who
becomes an enthusiast will pawn her
Jewels, obligate her husband and bring
ruin on herself to gratify the craze,
while the winning, element find It a
means of more luxurious living*. /-If
this club could eradicate "bridge" one
long stride In doing good might be ac
complished.
• Society in New York, particularly
the rearcreamed-butter pastry crust of
It. covers a pie rich and Juicy with di
vorce and its intermezzos, its presto—
chanp^. and one woman who figures
largely in religious and charitable
cliques felt the eting direct, as her own
daughter had figured Jn one of the
most sensational cases where marriage
followed within nine minutes and fifty
nine seconds after the signing of the
decree. Churchmen of eVery creed had
been importuned to be in readiness the
moment one trouble was shaken to
peaJ her to another. Be It said £o~
their credit, one and all refused, so a
civil officer having less conscience and
tnofe greed of fees made a mockery
of a ceremony that should be held
sacred;
How'ever, the Question was: Should
the mother subordinate her religious
beliefs. to her maternal instincts or the
contrary? and she Indignantly with
drew her name from the club role as
Infringing personal rights and oppos
ing the most sacred prerogatives of
motherhood.
If many other mothers had the same
Of course the ladies organizing the
club were most devout Christians,
women of spotless lives, with plenty of
money, vJtio, ne% - er having known
tempta&on or sorrow, know not what
.it' means. There may be lots of Chris
tiiinity in such a move, but I fail to
find the deep humanity that loves Its
neighbor as itself.
rj* SMALL ripple has lately slm
f I mired over certain ultra cliques
rr-J of New York, wherein hysteri
>• I cal women with the rerorm
¦ "* and morality taint badly dis
tributed organized a club constitut
ing themselves a band of moral
e'ensors whose approval or disapproval
would set the seal of respectability or
condemnation, by clinching an ostra
..cism that would stamp an Indelible
disgrace.
People who are too old or ugly to
run up against anything like tempta
tion deserve no credit for being good.
: They simply never have the chance
to be anything else, consequently are
not as good as they are negative.
When a- band of old women who
have outlived sensations, inclinations
and temptations or anything that
leads to naughtiness attempt to pose
as censors there is something an
tiquely funny In the tout ensemble
'that smacks of self-righteousness
rather than of religion. *"*. >
Now.' these ladies had a fatal at
tack of fits, spasms or anything in the
hysterical line and sought to sit in
judgment on sinners whose peccadil
loes offended their pious nostrils. Of
course, divorce was the first and
mighty evil they sought to eradicate.
A few obsolete spinsters with barrels
"of money, who had never wrestled
with matrimonial problems, choked
In a atmosphere or been
Blighted by a hubby who cared more
for his newspaper at the matutinal
meal than for the presiding goddess
thereof, thought they would know all
abo.ut matrimony with its variations
of heaven and hell, and Its duels of
dual clashes and sought to regulate
the social family by such strenuous
measures as would drive divorce out
of business and the divorcee to the
dark dismaltles of "Innocuous desue
.tude." but the divorcee was not born
to blush unseen in any such dreary
hermitage.
* The first obligation pledged the
rjaembers to absolutely refuse to re
ceive, and. ignore peremptorily, any
person "or persons having been di
vorced and remarried during the life
time of the ex-parti. No considera
tion of toe guilt or innocence of the
te-rty In question was involved: It was
p.rf arbitrary death clinch against not
only the unfortunate divorcee, but
carried the additional pledge not to
. recognize in a social gathering any
divorced and remarried person nor
lo exchange civilities with any one
who did.
lom is kept up and then and only then
are the suffering friends permitted to
accumulate one extra dollar • in their
pocket 'books. So, if you,' Miss Bud, or
you. Miss Blossom, are thinking of tak
ing unto yourself, a lord and master,
choose the present time, for while the
Idea is undeniably a delightful .one as
far as the bride is concerned, it "is too
hard on the public In general to with
stand the ravages of [years.
For the wedding.rtf t itself, silver and
brass are quite the "prtfper caper."
Silver bowls for fruit, silver- trays for
dishes and- bottles, and, of a -truth,
everything that can be made of a dain
ty filagree pattern, for, while cut glass
Is beautiful, costly and always appro
priate. It breaks unless handled with/
the greatest of care, and the idea' has
suddenly come Into vogue that wed
ding gifts should last an eternity In
stead of a few years, or mayhaps a few
months.
And the sudden popularity of brasses
and candlesticks, big and little, beaten
or plain; bowls, v.-^es, stands, trays
and In fact a complete • list of every
thing that one could think of. both In
the useful and ornamental line.
The lamp made of cut glass or crys
tal and mounted in silver has been
surpassed by the Intricate shade of
brass lined with its deep red or rosy
pink and mounted on a figure that has
risen to the occasion. First one arti
cle and then another has been remod
eled and practically made over, with
the exception of the candelabra. " It
must of necessity be silver, else it
would not correspond wi£h the sliver
setting of the table and the pretty ef
fect of the dinner service would be ut-'
terly ruined:
Another wrinkle has this progressive
Easter miss, though in all probability
she would not care to give her secret
away. If she Issues cards to several
hundred guests she naturally counts
on as many gifts and she' has shown
her ingenuity by devising a scheme
whereby | she can prevent receiving a
multitude of duplicates. She knows, as
well as any one else, the shops that
receive the greatest number of orders
and straightway hies herself to the sil
versmith, the furniture' ma.n and the
dealer in Oriental wares and leaves
strict Instructions that a case be filled
with certain articles that she especial
ly wants for her new home. As .each
buyer comes in and wonders helplessly
what It Bhall be, the wily clerk asks
what wedding it Is for and upon hear
ing Miss Brown or Miss Jones he
promptly ' takes them to her case and
with the art of persuasion that is at
his command, finally succeeds In sell-
The last and, perhaps, the biggest
consideration of the Easter bride Is her
gown and Us dainty trimmings. It
must not be "of satin nor yet of a shin
ing silk, but rather a soft clinging mus
lin or the like over satin and make
very, very slmpfy. A long train, it
Mlladl pleases, but without the fuss and
feather that has usually delighted her
very souL
The waist must be & very marvel of
simplicity. Rare old lace In the yoke
and sleeves, if It can be afforded, and
a sweet baby effect coming to meet It,
and lo and behold, the result Is a crea
tion that would make the goddesses
turn green with envy and rasp with
surprise.*
A bride, no matter whether she be an
Caster one or not, never makes any dis
play of Jewelry, excepting the gift of
the groom, and Just at present It has
pleased his majesty to decorate his
wife, and how proudly ha says and even
thinks It, with pearls In «rery conceiv
able shape. In rings, . pins and In
strings, anything and everything of
pearls, and while the superstitious
shakes her head and asks for another
stone, "preferably diamonds, the wise
girl holds her peace and accepts with a
winsome . smile what Is given her, for
early In her age and generation this
Easter bride-to-be has discovered that
peace, quiet, and respect are valued
above gold, silver or precious stones,
and she begins early In the game to see
that her cup of happiness Is full to
overflowing.
ing them something, from., {he chosen
bits and it is taken away auickly to
be. marked. Now and then! the tea pot
boils over and trouble brews Instantly.
The buyer Is obstinate and r prefers to
select his own gift Instead of having
one saddled upon him whether he will
or no, and then the clerk has the dis
agreeable duty thrust upon him of tell
ing the""lrate patrcn that Miss Jones
already has a sugar bowl and that she
much prefers the Martha Washington
pattern. In fact, as he waxes con
fidential, to make a sale, ha discloses
the fact that Mis3 Jones selected the
presents and that all .that remains to
b* done is to pay for them. Then one
of two things promptly happens. Either
a choice is made in a haphazard, don't
care fashion or else the friend Is too lnr
furiated with* the fair lady to buy her
anything at alt, for girls, put It down
in your book and learn it as you would
French or German* that the crotchety
regard this as an Insult pure and
simple, and it they are not permitted
to use their own Judgment and buy
what they please,- their purse strings
close with a spring and all the kin***
horse* and all the king's men couldn't
get them open again.
mlnd you, this Is a state secret—may to«
purchased by the yard quite ready for
use. such sets are neither very expen
sive nor laborious, and they" certainly
have the advantage of being not only
tremendously smart looking, but ex
trejnely serviceable as well.
A pretty notion that has been a de
lightful windfall to the bride of this
year is the so-called "shower." Instead
of giving luncheons It is quite fit to Is
sue cards for an informal dance, a din
ner or a muslcale, and Just wherein
the difference lies is Just here — at the
bottom of the invitation the words
"Linen shower for Miss Smith" con
veys the idea in a very delicate fashion
that all. whether they put In an ap
pearance or not, are expected to con
tribute a piece of linen, or to be exact,
whatever chances to be designated — for
instance, a table cloth, half a dozen
napkins, towels or even tea towels not
only come under the head of linen, but
are useful and very acceptable as well.
By the time one is happily over and
the collection stowed away in the
treasure box, another friend sends out
cards for a "crystal shower" and the'
merry work Is kept up through brass,
tin, books and like until the bride-to
be has been literally showered—del
uged, for a fact — with gifts of all kinds
and descriptions. Right up to the
wedding day this delightful little cus-
£-t«*J1E, Easter bride— bless' her— Is In
. I clover. And for more than one
'• I reason, too. In the first place.
' ¦*• Lent always puts an effective
Quietus on all things frivolous, so while
has been resting from teas, recep
tions* and the like she has been taking a
childi-sh delight in planning a series of
no-vel surprises that will make her step
ping off one to be remembered for many
a long day.
.All during the six weeks of sackcloth
ard ashes she has been industriously
embroidering her linen and lingerie, and
not one oiece that has been laid care
fuliy away in her great cedar chest
falls to bear her own monogram or the
last initial of her maiden name. And.
by the way. this In itself is a new frill.
Heretofore silver and linen have been
marked as the bride liked, and It was
generally the new name that was chos
en, -but now — and quite as a matter of
•c<iursi?--her own is selected.
In lingerie all the dainty laces and
embroideries have been neglected, un-
K", forsooth, they were hand-made,
ftir-suf h is the latest decree of exacting
Dame Their linens, trimmed
.with ruffles of Mexican drawn work and
haby white linen flowers, are by far
the most popular, and as the ruffling —
SOCIETY
VS.
DIVORCE
By Kate Thyson Marr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO I SUNDAY CAIJD
while woman
Is vain ana
men admire.
Every woman
possessing a
pretty neck
and shoulders
knows that she
is more attrac
tive in a decol
lete than she
will' ever be in
a stock collar.
A man may be
a crank and
object to his
wife or daugh
ter wearing
such a gown,
but he will also
be the first to
remark Mrs.
Cha rmlng'i
gleaming white
shoulders, and
the man whose
wife's anatomy
will not stand
an eve n I n g
gown is half
, ashamed of her
out-of-date ap
pearance when
at a fashion
able function.
It is a man's
happiest pre
rogative to feel
proud of his
¦^ -wilt, and If -he can
,' ,^ afford to : : groom : '.-:, her.
tlAndsomely • h« • want* to
Wife of hlB best friend, i : V r; c \
Woman fashions are swayed by, man.
What 5 men ". admire \ will - stay, i despite
fashion writers. The i' spangled ¦ irownV
frowned upon by modistes as being too
bizarre, is : more i In T evidence '• than ever.
And so it Is with > other things.
THE EASTER BRIDE
AND HER
GOWN
14learn to respect and obey all rightful
authority. The child who does not
dare express an opinion for * fear of
bringing upon : hlin the , wrath ; of the
parent .or teacher "will " develop; such
a man-fearing spirit as will prevent
him from. asserting himself, no matter
how sure he may feel he Is right Such
will always" be "ready, to] take any.po^;
sltlon in politics or business which' will
require nothing but blind obedience to
directions. '•¦""¦ ".They will .' never. •; become
leaders. Air threugh ; life they {will be
but beasts of burden % to' carry the
heavy loads^ of others.
" Those" who 1 such treatment
as is ' given ; by ; pare h ts who I play ; the
tyrant , are J apt i to ¦ resent ; it ; arid after
fretting ; under it break away from" all
restraint. Leaving^home ; they drift
into debasing companionships and re
bel against all r authority i and | govern^
ment of rany kind. Is not such tha
lesson * ; of ~ indivi duals - and " -. nations ?
Can we not find examples this side of
THE greatest need of any country.
and especially of our own, Is bet
ter men and better women. The
greatness of future generations
depends upon the character of the boys
and the girls of the present. It is the
duty of the home to properly train chil
dren. This Is important, not only for
the cake of the children and the home,
but for the sake of the church and the
Government as welL Without proper
training at home It is alzuost impos
sible "or the children to be what tha
parents would wish them.
Pay a short visit to one home and
note the spirit. An air of loving sym
pathy permeates every nook and cor
ner. The parents Eeem to be living
only for their precious children. The
children, by every act, show regard
and love for their parents. By their
conversation the children show that
they are looking forward to the time
when they can live for their dear
parents. How; the children vie with
each other in the performance of some
loving service for the tired parents.
How quietly and yet how effectively,
by a look, he shows full appreciation
of the tender care and love. Reproof
comes, at • times, in tones - which are
firm but kind. Punishment, also, is
felt when thoughtlessness merits such
By Wm. Shearer
Russia to_ prove the truth of the' state
ment? . \.
To all of us the atmosphere, Is life or
death. Until it was suitable man could
not appear upon thejearth. Should any
thing suddenly poison it, , we would all
be blotted out In -a"; moment. In 'the
twinkling: of - an /eye the end 'would
come, even -as the J inhabitants of St.
Pierre perished* in' : a fewj minutes, be
cause of . the sulphurous; fumes which
poured • forth from Mont ¦ Pelee, poison
ing the atmo£pherer # The atmosphere of
the home ' J is *; equally important. ¦ It
should be Vuch aaUr suited to -the life
and the ' growth of the 'child's best na
ture. Tban ? this, nothing Is more j Im
portant/i^'Wlthout; it \ there " can : be \ but
little success , in" the proper training of
children^ good or /bad,, the
parents \ must 0. the \^responsibility.
If It breeds*dia«aji«they i must "acknowl
edge v that; It fmighytfltot as easily, have
been f ' made '* mSrti|Te*lthful,^v It is for
them to see that the home atmosphere
Is not poisoned x by unkind : words,* harsh
criticism,' unsympathetic - remarks 'and
hasty acts, the result of outbursts of
temper.* [ , \\,^'i._y "¦ . . ¦' ' ¦
One of : the most injurious ; effects on
children of the rich Is the result of the
fact ; that most of : the time they ¦¦ are in
charge of nurses. Who are these nunes
Twe»ty-SlxtK
Talk to Parents.
generally? Answer -the question for
yourself. Are they selected as.; carefully
ai the coachman, the cook crvthe but
ler?. How little such children enjoy the
companionship of their parents or
others , whose influence would be most
elevating! ¦—¦
'¦¦-'- How often they are wheeled along
In carriages long after they; should be
allowed to walk. How seldom are
they; allowed to get beyond r striking
distance .^ofsome^cross-sralned nurse,
who cares -nothhig'forj: their; welfare!
Many v times f they r have nurses • who
know little \ of the children's na
tive language; and care Ies3 about tha
common decencies 6f .word and • act.
Who hasH not^pltied ; such children as
they " have!- seen them - In ' charge of
nurses £whb/ are no . than ; slave
drivers ? <i Is i t any *Vonder that in
stead' of J growing Aup to be what they
shouldibV they are apt to be the very
opposite? : "*s >.?,
**JIt may ; be thought that 1 these state
ments; are "rather strong, but if those
feeling that way will spend an after
noon listening to what may be \ heard
at fa place where . nurses are wont to
congregate : on pleasant afternoons I
feel sure. they will change their opin
ions. After such an experience most
parents will -¦ refuse to permit -nurses
to punish, ;
treatment; but it comes in such a way
that the child cannot but feel that It
really does pain the one inflicting the
punishment. In such a home every
thing seems to have a tendency to en
courage right living and proper train-
Ing. The Eunlight of i love so warms
the atmosphere that everything which
is best in the tender child develops
most rapidly.
Enter another home, such • as one
can easily remember having noted.
What an absence of sympathy In the
very air of the home. A chill sinks
into your very soul, as you note the
lack of loving care which. parents and
children have for each other. "At times
the blighting heat of terrible j passion
withers the. tender buds, which ; have
grown sickly from" a. life in such
atmosphere. . Time and . again , their
tender young hearts are blasted by the
cold, , unfeeling criticism, which, like
the untimely frost, blights and black
ens all that it. breathes upon. .
In our. homes children are" being
trained to be liberty loving and law
abiding citizens, mere slaves to those
able to dictate, or anarchists of ¦ the
worst type. « These may ; seem strong
statements.' - but "¦ are they ' not ' In 5 ac
cordance with j the facts ? - The child
who is : trained properly - will - quickly
THE INFLUENCE OF HOME AND NURSES ON CHILDREN
church, Thursday. Friday and Satur
day being especially solemn festivals;
Thursday in commemoration of the
Lord's Eupuer. Friday of his crucifix
ion and Saturday the Easter celebra-'
tion really begins. In many parts of
Europe, especially In Russia, and dur
ing tie middle ages, services were held
all night before Easter until cockcrow,
which is the hour at which the resur
rection is supposed to have taken place.
The devout remained for hours in pray
er until morning, when they at once
saluted each other with the. salutation,
"Christ Is risen," to which the answer'
was, "Yes, he Is truly risen!" That
form of salutation is still the one in
Russia .Easter morn. In continental
Europe, however, and in Great Britain
the church began the celebration cf
Easter at the mass of the previous day.
or Saturday, and the bells on the
churches, which had been silent sines
Thursday, were again runs during tha
service.
At the Saturday service, too, tn tha
Catholic churches a large candle Is -
blessed,' and also the new fire to recall
the resurrection of Christ, the candl»
forming a conspicuous object. In tha
sanctuaries of the churches ¦ until As
cension day, forty days later. The sea
son^ Is of course one of great rejoic
ing after the fasts of Lent and for
merly was celebrated with a number
of festivities which, according to our
modern Ideas, are hardly connected
•with an ecclesiastical- anant. Thus in
France It was customary - to - play a
game of balL In which the participants
were Bishops, Canons and other church
dignitaries. There were dances in
.France as late as the seventeenth e«n
•tnry and bother signs of Joy and hap
piness. The law courts were all dosed
and business seems to have beea gener
ally ; suspended. :In .England .-Easter
has been celebrated as a Christian fes
tival since 669, and. although; the Puri-.
tans abolished it, as they did Christ-.
'"mas : and other church celebrations. It
has beea revived and /given- much of
its ancient splendor. -In this, country
all the churches observe |t with special
music, and the .fair; se«; make_ it the
special occasion- forr appearing with .
.their latest novelties - in bonnets, * an
indication coming down from t*xLy
times tiat ¦prinr Is at hand.
At the time of the adoption of the
Gregorian calendar it wa« debated
whether the feast of Esster should be
given a' fixed date or left movable as
before, and the decision was finally
reached' in favor of the latter plan, as
cbnfermin? to the ancient custom of
the church. Easter therefore is al
ways the srst Sunday alter the full
moon which happen* upon or next
alter the 21bt of March (the equinox).
THE name Easter is of Saxon ori
gin, being derived from that of
the Goddess Estera, in whose
aotor sacrifices and celebrations
took place at the opening cf
spring. With the advent of Christian
ity these hecthen ceremonies were dis
continued, but as they had occurred at
the time cf the year when the resur
rection «f Christ was celebrated by the
church the old name was applied to the
new festival. With the Latin races,
"hou-ever, the crucifixion and resurrec
tion of Christ havi-g occurred at the
time cf the Jewish passover, they have
called* the festival by a name suggest
ing that fact, thus the French name
for Eaeter is Paques and the Spanish
Pascva^
. As with all the other great festival!
•cf-the. church, the date when Easter
should be celebrated has been the causa
of bitter controversy. The Eastern
-tThurcli Insisted that It should b« cele
brated on the day of the month on
."which' the event commemorated oc
curred, and as the crucifixion ii sap
pcse3 to have taken place on the four
teenth of Nisan, the first Jewish month
or Passover, on that date It was com
memorated, and the resurrection two
days later, en the rixteenth, regardless
cf whether those dates came on Friday
and- Sunday or net.
. The. Western church entirely discard
ed the day of the month la arranging
for the celebration and Insisted that the
crucifixion should always be commemo
rated en a Friday and the resurrection
on ar Sunday. The. matter finally came
up. for adjustment before the Council
'of Nictea. in 325, vihich decided in fa
vor of the Western contention, but the
Eastern church refused to change its
custom .*r.d thus gave rise to what is
known as the "quartodeciman heresy."
unless the full moon occur on Sunday,
when Easter is the following Sunday.
It aiust be remembered, however, that
it is not the actual moon in the heav
ens nor even the mean moon of the
astronomers that regulates the time
of Easter, but -an altogether imagin
ary moon, whose periods are so con
trived tha* the new (calendar) moon
always follows the real new moon
sometimes by two or even three days).
The effect of this is that the 14th of
the calendar moon, which had from
the times of Moses been considered
full m«m for ecclesiastical purposes,
generally fell on the 15th or 16th of the
real moon and thus after the real full
moon, which is generally on the 14th
cr 15th of the month. With this ex-
planation then of what Is meant by
the full moon, namely, that it Is the
14th of the calendar moon, the rule'
is that Easter day is always the first
Sunday after the Pascal full moon,
which happens upon or next after the
21st of March, and if the full moon
happens on a Sunday, then Easter is
the Sunday following. One , object of
this arrangement was that Easter and
the Jewish Passover should not coin
cide, but they did last year and will
again in 1923 and 1927 and in 1931.
Easter is always between March 22
and April 25. The last time Easter
came on March 22 was in 1818 and
it will not occur that early again in
this century.
It may prove interesting to those who
are mathematically inclined to figure
out when Easter will occur in any
given year In this century- If. so, here
is a rule thev can follow: First, di
vide the date of the year by 13 and
call the remainder a; divide the date
of the year by 4 and" call the remainder
b, then" divide the 'date, of the year by
7 and call the remainder c ' Second,
divide 19a plus 24 by 30 and call the
remainder d. Third, divide 2b plus 4c
plus 6d plus 1 5 by 7 and call the re
mainder e; then Easter "will- be the 22d
plus d plus' e of March; or the d plus
e minus 9 of April. There are two ex
ceptions to that rule: If April falls un-
der the calculation on April 26, put it
back to the 5 19th^ of "that month, and
when It falls orij April .25, 'put it back
to the ISth' unless d equal 29 and e
eqftal 5. / 'J . -
. With the substitution of Easter for
the old festival "of the Goddess Estera
all the old customs of the Saxona were
not abandoned, but, on the contrary,
were preserved and Christianized. Thus
the custom! of giving eggs, - many of
them beautifully colored, to friends at
Easter was kept up and the eggs were
blessed' by the church. From the ear
liest ages the egg has been considered
as a ': symbol [of the beginning of life
and therefore .w-as {a very
appropriate" present \ : at j: the 1 beginning
of spring, when all life is budding out
and beginning anew. The custom of
"picking eggs," that is to say, of strik
ing their, points 'together, which Is a
favored amusement with boys in the
Eastern States, though rarely seen on
this coast, is -also; probably of very
ancient origin, and was probably prac
ticed by. the , ancestors of oar Juvenile
Americans of to-day centuries ago. In
"Washington Easter Monday is the
great children's. day' of, the year. On
that day thousands of children con
gregate ¦ on the rolling lawn behind the
White House and; while the Marine
Band £ discourses , lively music <they
amuse* themselves ',; rolling eggs down
the lawn..* , . ".' '[¦'_ .
All .the week previous to Easter has
been a series of commemoration in the
The resurrecion Is then a pledge of \three significant
truths: FUrst. that Jesus Is the .divine son of God; sec
ond, that there Is another life beyond the) present; third
that the believer enters into that life because of the In?
dwelling -spirit. * -' .-•*-"•"
III. „ The power of the resurrection. .We are always
concerned;£ii'this?utilitarian ase with the practical -bear
ing of^important principles. At Easter time the com
fort given, by the resurrection truths is of blessed value.
Easter is the fortress of our faith. V/e rest In quiet,
confidence in the supreme power of our Lord. There U
the perfect security of an almighty arm * to protect and
defend. We follow not a dead Christ, but- a" living Lord.
To him' we' turn in afHiction and his comfort* never fail
eth. He has revealed his power over the arch enemy
Death ; has been the terror and dread of our lives. He
has been the /one, inevitable enemy against " whom we
haveno adequate weapon. He has taken our loved ones
. from us and his fateful shadow has lain across our every
pleasure. JjAs^ our worst and last enemy his approach
has filled us with" dread and. we postpone his single visit
with frantic energy. ?.-..
Hut now", to the believer, he U robbed of all hi»
terrors. His sting, and? his victory are gone. The. angel
of "the tomb in clothing Jof. light has replaced the sable
-drapery and hideous £¦" form of-, our former "terror. The
'utmost tliat death can" no w^dojtoj, the. believer Is to"open
wide the door of entrance > in to '.the presence of God.
Welcome he is therefore, forUhroughihim we pass from
the cares and sorrows of earth to '.; a' blessed eternity,
where there is no more sorrow.- nor > sighing, where sin
and pain cannot enter and where; the, impurities of earth
canr.ct follow. We wiir not? say? then J that death is the
egd of the journey. It is but a significant incident there
in. It typifies to the , belie ver,?a- door through which
nothing but ...that which'is'lnithe'tdivlne Iikenes3 can pass.
It is in a. true sense the. beginning "of life. In the light
of .the Easter dawn we> ; apprehend the \ glory of the
cclesrte! dry whose "enditls never comes.
Ths triumjjh/ofithei Easter mom "is -likewise a tri
urath cv?r v::j." -From' the. cross, the garden and the
empty tonjb we gather strength to defy, our common foe,
the . dfvil.";.* -The stone* rolled from the sepulcher of Jesus
closes fust the cave of evi2. Sin and deatr* are chained
to? the* iriumphal' chariot of the'King of Kings. Through
faith In '-, him his victories ari ours and :we rejoice in
-release' if rorn the bonds of former slavery.
\'..-The. resurrection, glorifies temporal thlngsl ; ; As the
: early Christians .engraved the anchor as the symbol of
hope upon their tombs in the catacombs, so*our*faith
inscribes, hope upon every page of life. ?.-s Our successes
are the more profitable, and our failures-tfie less deplor
able , because ! of the expectations of to-morrow. -We are
helped in our progress toward a holy .life. The bless
ings of life become -token3 of the greater, -2>lessing3 in
the life to come. The sorrows of life, 1 deepen -and en
large our nature so that the "greater, joy 'shall be'ours.
In the eternal Itiugdom. The -days grow, brighter and
shorter as the time of fulfillment approaches. * v '
I The resurrection 1 ennobles : duty. Three score years
and ten we bear the burden.' Circumstances: not of our
own choosing limit our earthly; life. Conditions which
harass shut us In, but the confidence of; the eternal bears
us up and for the few years of our, testing "we will be
faithful because of the endless reward' hereafter. -j
I The resurrection consoles sorrow. V'Weeping 1 may
endure for a night, but joy cometh: in the morning" i3
the, divine consolation in "every trouble. Lives 'bowed
downvunder. the^weight of. earth's' woe; turn .their face3
*f&"* the -glory of the living God -and are' refreshed. Pain
and suffering -can ;be endured, since, we -know our' title
to- the "world, ..where neither can exist. We part with
ioved i ones reminded of the "coming,, meeting which no
parting ends, j We go ourselvesVintb- the valley of the
shadow conscious of a living.and present Savior and con
fident of the shining shore, on the other brink. 1
'.. Xo. other power .like 'that of the la fo
evident and potent; to the Christian.; "Even -that of for
given sin is I less than that- of i the conscious ' presence of
the living son % of God to.; keep from \ sin^ and "present us
faultless before' the presence of his glory with exceed-.^
ing Joy." •; Let the meaning of Easter not descend to the'
consideration of apparel or .festivity, but rather/ let ; it |
bring the higher joy, of a" Savior. present in every walk of
life to assist In 'producing; his own* likeness in the hearts
of men. Let us .fit our bodies "as temples of* his; holy
Fpirit that through his indwelling the full significance of
; the : Easter time "may come 'to. us. : We shall then rejoice
in the possession of an endless life and shall go forth in
the power thereof to transform the world into the like
ness of heaven and the character of men . into : the like
ness of the character of God.
There is an angel at every Christian gravef who says
"He is not here: he is risen from the i dead :\ and " lb. he
goeth before you." The way of shadows shall become a
way of glory, and the end thereof! shall 'be- eternal joy
in the cresence of the risen Christ. . * >
Text: Romans, viii: 11: "If the spirit of him that
raised up Jesus from the dead dwelleth.In you. he that
raised up Christ Je«?us from the dead, shall give life 'also,
io your "mortal todies through his spirit that dwelleth
In you."
THS cress is the central fact of human history. The
resurrection *is the divine seal upon the truth for
which the cross. stands. \ For a man to foretell his
ov/n return to life after death is the "extreme of
absurdity and to accomplish the fact is a human
impossibility. Therefore if J«sus Christ did live after
death it is- inccntestible evidence of his divinity and. of
the supreme authority of his teachings
I. The procf of the resurrection. This proof happily
does not rest on Christian evidence alone. It Is furnished
by the enemies of Christ in large degree. While -the
Scripture says positively that he did die. yet this state
ment is confirmed by* the action of the soldiers in charge
of the crucifixion, who forbore to break the legs of Jesus
because he was* already dead. The centurion in
mand of the soldiers in hi3 official report to Pilate stated
that Jesus wns dead. Medical testimony is unanimous
conc*rnin?r the fatal character of the snear thrust.. which
reached the heart itself."* Joseph, with his hundred
weight of spices and the closely applied linen bandages,
would have destroved' any remaining life in the body of
the Lord as surely as the present day methods of em
balmment.
Even his enemies, the Jews, never denied the death of
Jesus. Thanks to , them, we are certain of his death.
This being established, we turn to the proof of his sub
sequent life. We search for his body and we find no
adequate explanation of Its disappearance besides that
given in the Scripture. His friends could not h*v
stolen it. owing to the precautions of the guard and the
seal set bv his enemies at the tomb. The Jews did not
take it. or they would have been glad to producait to
confute the tale of his resurrecttcr..
We have the tasUmcny- of the apostles, who for forty.
*lays after the resurrection were 'his companions. ;¦ They
saw him. they ate and ;dmnksv. r ith him. they walked and
talked with him. Th.'if testimony is consistent and th°y
gave their lives in niartyrdom. in- witness of? their sin
cerity.
More than thbC within" fifty days of the*. resurrection,
in the very spot where it occurred.", the disclole3 made
it the centra! theme of their preaching, using it to con-;
firm and seal the truth of their teaching. They, spoke
to thousands who knew the circumstances of the death
and burial cf Jesus. They had every opportunity to in
vestigate tha truth cf the apostles' statements. Their
conviction of the resurrection was so positive that 3000_
believed cr.d were baptized. These were soon followed
by 2000 more, oiaking 5000 contemporaries of the
events, who acted \\pon their belief in the resurrection-
The first epistle to the Corinthians is of undisputed
authority and records that Jesus was seen alive after
his death by 500 at one time. No event in history is so
well attested as the death and subsequent life of Jesus
Christ. \- 5 '"./¦ ¦¦-' i
Why, then, do men not believe? Because to ; admit
this supreme miracle Is to admit alL And to admit the;
truth of Jesus* teaching is to change the life to conform t
thereto, Men are not ready to do this and therefore
have denied the facts. The resurrection has been, the "
theme of endless contention in the hope that the un
righteous lives of men might be justified.
II. The pledge of the resurrection. Since God has :
raised men from the dead and since Jesus has himself
returned from the dead, we are certain that he has power
to raise his followers. We therefore believe the promise
in the text that he will raise those who believe in him.
This is a gospel of complete salvation, a renewed spirit,
a quickened bofy, a reunion into an individual life for
eternity. Here is a divine pledge of the eternal exist
ence ol the soul in a glorified body. .
We are not, however, to consider the body] immortal
because the soul is. The condition upon which an Im
mortal tody is the heavenly possession of the believer
Is the indwelling spirit of God in this present life. If,
our present bodies are the temples of the Holy Spirit
and if our lives are lived according to his loving guid
ance we are assured of an immortal life in the glorified
body. The precise character of this body we do not
know. Sufficient to state that it shall be free from the^
temptations of earth and a fitting habitation for a puri
fied soul.
THE RESURRECTION PLEDGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO - SUNDAY CALL.
EASTER SERMON
THE ORIGIN OF THE BEAUTIFUL EASTER FESTIVAL
By J. F. Carrereon this page and i"writ« '• out in/the \ spaccVopposite i the i proper .corresponding niunbcr provided : for, tiie
purpose In the coupon on tills page, as per directions; fill in Uie coupon with your name nnd address 'and the
'¦; prize yon desire— -If "you "win— -and send the coupon to the EDITOR OF. THE N AME PUZZJLE PAGE," Sunday
'¦¦? : Call, San Francisco, Cal. ; : , ' !*": : S y '-¦¦ -¦ v -
¦*, ; RE3IEMBEKr--To; the i FIRST ONE HXiJfDRED AND FIFTY BOYS AND GIKLS who solve the twelve
'j.Name Puzzles correotly, ,one of these ONE HUNDRED AND .:- FIFTY ; BEAUTIFUL PRIZES will be awarded.
V _ And don't forget this next point, because lit lsVveryhnportanti ALL 'ANSWERS AIUST REACH
' : ;' r ; .THIS^OFFICE { BY> FRIDAY; JNOON. 5 This '? gives : all tliose^ to ') the 1 country an equal '¦ 'chance "to compete.
" Read everything^ ? 'ontthls"page, r to bo sure tha t - you * overlook : nothing: : that-: will help ' you ' to 'win' a prize. -.- : '
wnJL<" : ;BE' PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALL TWO
WEEKS FROM:;TOrDAT,rApril/17. / ' T \ '
/ ' . These.are theTW^ you may choose if you solve all the puz
: : ,:'xles^c6rrectly:" : .^ :: v. '¦' •i^:- f ,':,'," -...¦^¦\ t ::^/,- : -T :^.\ : :\^-\J''y['^i%-'' y \i-'' '..,- ¦'."'.'.'¦ ~,\:~, ' 'j" '.-' '''.' . ' '."" ¦
.. ' r : The . Bli thedale Romance, by : Hawthorne ; Christie's -. Old i Orsan, ; by * Walton : • Evangiellne, - by Longfel
low; The Fairy: Land of "Science, by Buckley: Greek Heroes, .by Klngsley; The Song of Hiawatha,"'byLons
fellow;\Kidnaped,:.by}Stereiison;-Lucile, by : Meredith ;|*Ilne Own People, by KlpUngr Mosses ; From an^Td
;Ma^e, by Hawthorne; Dog;bf, Flanders,;^
by Kipli^;<Plut4irch|sl Ii^tlProe^and^I. by/Curtis; ; Tariglewood Tales, by "Hawthorne/ ;TeV' Nights* hi'Ja
Barroom^ by? Arthur; Through the Lrokhig fGlas^ by CTarroll; The Water ; Babies, by Klngsley; Whidow
.. in Thrums,'' bjr^Barrle. <' ¦ ¦ : .". ¦ ...~_ :'•'"_• _::' ';.¦/[ ' ".', ¦'- ,;•,.;. : " '¦¦",[ ¦¦' '
Good to Eat in" pictures 5, 6, -7 and ; 8, and - Four Things Seen in a Sawmill in pictures , 9, . 10, 1 1 and ' 13
r >t H, chlldren,ithe Puzzle Editor Is going to try you with a new kind of parole contest to-day. So
.: tri . / l'lrst,- these are three different kinds of puzzles rolled into one. Pay strict nttentlon while the
>;. I Puzzle Editor; explains. / -. .' ? ¦ v " J .
V::'»' t '^•' be » In w . ith « Iook at pictures 1, 2, 3 and 4. -Tl 1 ey make up the first series and each represents
' : " . sometliing . seen on, a dining table. Now; you jare' all absolutely familiar with Uie things seen on a dJii
v Ing table, tliat is, if ypuhave Uie appetUc/tiiatthe' 1 ' Puzzle Editor used to struggle with when young, so you
.ought to have no. djflfculty with the fti^ttfour.;' : ; ; i ; ;i j; -/f/
The next { four .'pictures, numbered *5,.'o, -7 andT 8 represent four different things that are good to eat.
•Yum, yujn. Ci-ajuiberry sauce and pumpkin pie and tilings like that. Oh, you won't need any help to guess
,-. those four., '"-::...>'.¦ VCft;-'^S^i
The third 1 - and last four pictures, numbered 9, 10, 11 and 12,. represent four things seen hi a sawmill.
Perhaps Uiosc do not sound so easy, but I they are. Just try and see. There is a beautiful prize for you and
your picture in the gallery.of honor if you win. v i,: , I . »
PLliASE DON'T SEND 1N ( ANY TINTYPE PICTURES OR PROOFS THAT ARE UNTONEI)-— which
-means that they will fade as soon a s they are exposetl to -the sun, and don't forRet to; write. your name and
! address.on the back or each? and every, photograph. ;. And by. all means be sure that you are ' a : prize win
*nef before you send "in ; any picture at ?all. ' ** •"'
And remember this : You win I all " have a* chance not only to win one of those 150 prizes, but ; set
your picture published as well. .The * Puzzle^Editor wants all the pi-ize winners to send in their pictures
'. —the whole ; 150, every: week if 1 possible. Begin" right -now." "Don't ; wait. "The more i*the ''merrier.' -There*
can't'be too many. But l-emeniber,; only the prize winners can have -their pictures published.
THERE ARE ONE HUNDRED AADFIFTY PRIZES, and this Is what you, must, do to win one,of
.."them: ,. : * ¦" - : ';": \-' : '" w , '¦¦:¦''."¦ : ' . ; . C; ¦ ' : "-.:;_ '£¦''/:•'.> ¦"''¦'":.-¦:'•-.¦, ' : :-')'-\ :.]' .' ' : "..~' ' /.' ¦
1 Find^tlie names ofFour Things- Seen on a Dining Table In pictures 1, 2, 3 and; 4; Four Things
BsaUWPUT" P)'TZ$S«-.Ons.,HUridj'<cf and^HFty-.oP-T^rTi---
ODD CONTEST TO-DAY
belng a bright boy, he eat down on the
step , to~ think it but;.", He tried first on©
.^lass *; and % then :t the / other.* Still ¦[ the
clock ' was'; far away. Then ; he turned
the ' glasses • In all directions . wlthV no
better- success, -but quite, suddenly, i as
he was holding both in ' one "¦ hand* he
¦aw the clock right , before . him again. ,
V'Ohl I know!;I know!'! r he cried; Joy
fully.y. "Father,; come, come ! "-. - - '
- Of i course, his \ f atherlwent • out to ¦ a
great . hurryi" a not; knowingrV what £the
trouble might \ be. 5"»Wheh , he ? did find
out he,; too, thought = It [was very wbh-
derful, and to he, set tojvorkito make
an , instrument ,. which would make ( dis
tant v objects i seem I hear. <, To f do i it he
had to 4 use ', : two " glasses. : one : concave
and the other/convex. .When the- great
GallleoJbeardofilt he said: . > ; - :¦;.*•
; ; "How happy; I , could be If I might
have an Instrument strong enough to
make the. stars seem near,"- and after
much labor he succeeded. * So you see
what a great and important discovery
the action ot this small, boy, led to* for
¦without' the * telescope we would aav«
learned ? very little ; about ; the stars or
the sun or the moon. '
IF an old story be true the curiosity
of a little boy led to the Invention
of the telescope, that remarkable
glass which reveals the wonders of
the heavens to our eyes. I suppose we
all know that Galileo first constructed .
and used a telescope for scientific pur
poses, but some one else first conceived
'the Idea, of one- Now, here is* a story
¦which I have beard and which I think
interesting, enough to tell you.
. Many years, ago there lived In far
a war Holland an optician. He had
three children, all of whom loved to
play about and , watch him as he sat
at his bench working. His little boy
especially thought it great fun to look
through the grlajses his father used in .
his work- Many wf them had such <xid
shapes and often as he held .them tip
.to the sun be could make lovely rain-,
Jbows on the floor and walls. It chanced 1
-one memorable day -that he had taken •
tw# glasses and. standing In the street •
just outside the shop, he held • both . to .
his eyes a.t the same time. All at one*
it ;¦ seemed that the , face of the; great ."
clock,- which; be{ knew to be . several v
flocks away, was right before him. For
a moment he was frightened, How had
the clock come*. so- near, he wondered?
He winked hls'eye very hard and look
ed Ei it without the glasses. There; It
was Ih ' Its ' ufenaJ- place, '. co far - away
that he could scarcely see its hands!
'•But it was • near," be eaid to him- '
•el£.- "It teemed Just across the street. *
These glasses most have made -It look
itat way. Inset flad oat'whx. wv 8o k
A Boy's Curiosity
C"T> HERE was & strong smell ol
I , burning- rubber in St. Ursula's
I School for Girls.
I "What Is It?" asked Mi»i
Fanthorne. the principal. '
"What can it be?" echoed Mls»
Zfuns, the teacher of drawing:.
The family of dolls that lived in
the upper dormitory knew what it
was. James R, the rubber doll, was
'being burned at the stake. He stood
bolt upright in the wash basin, prop
ped' there by pieces of wood, to one
of which he was securely tied. The
basin was heaped with Ipaper. which
burned fitfully. From time to time
.Mifdred Alice, the Lord Hiffh Execu
tloneer, encouraged the flames with
fresh paper.
. " "He'll blaze away for dear life,
presently," she said, cheerfully. ;'and
trhen he does the sorrowing friends
Biust shriek terribly."
The sorrowing friends were repre
sented by Mary Marcella. the doll's
rftlstress. who, attired in the cook's
bjack shawl and crape draped bonnet.
" borrowed by Mildred Alice for the oc
casion, looked mournfully on at th»
f»d spectacle. Real tears stood in her
ipyes, for she felt for James R.
-Little Dearborn, who had
• t,he next room to Mary Marcella, and
who loved the dolls as much as th*lr
mistress, also looked mournfully on;
. t .""Tou can sell his ashes to the sor
rowing friends after he is all burned
up;, that is half the fun," Mildred
Alice encouraged her.
"J3ut I don't want his ashes; I want
him!" declared Mary Marcella, ob
stinately.
• ; Mildred Alice paid r.o heed to this
remonstrance. She was the only girl
lji a large family, and at home with
her brothers her dolls had been doom
ed- to lives of unceasing adventure.- In
such tragedies as burning at
the stake were an everyday occur
rence. When she had come to the
school several days before Mary Jlar
"cella and Jennie were pleased that the
new girl showed an interest in the
dolls and had eagerly accepted her
.offcf to show them how she and her
brothers played dolls at home.
. "Tou know they always burned per
•nns at the stake in the histories,"
"she said, "and especially the royal
persons, so let us begin with James R.
tie sounds nice and kingly. Next we
can take Mary Queen of Scots, or,*'
and "she cast a dark glance at Miss
F,a.nchbn. the beautiful French doll,
"we might behead the Princess Lam
balle."
Miss Fanchon turned iier dazzling
glances away -from the martyred
James R and bestowed them on the
Indian doll, the Toung Brave of the
Wabash.
"And. oh!" said Mildred Alice, en
thusiastically, "we can scalp the
Young Brave; that would be fun."
The Young Brave said nothing, but
it \vas noticed that he did not respond
to Miss Fanchon's bewitchments. He
seemed to be thinking deeply.
James R burned very slowly. "He
Is only smoldering a little at the
toes/' complained Mildred Alice. She
heaped the paper around him and
ligrhtad it again so that it broke into a
brilliant blaze.
"Now! shrieks of sorrowing
friends,** cried Mildred Alice, excited-
Mary Marcf Jla tried to shriek, but
her tongue clove to the roof' of her
mouth.
"Friends, I call upon you to avenge
my death," pronounced Mildred Alice,
in & sepulchral voice. She was about
' to continue the speech of the dying
man, which she gave, in proxy, when
the door opened suddenly. There
.stood Miss Fanthorne, the principal.
• "Oh," explained Mildred Alice,
blandly, "we are burning James R at
' the stake. His ashes are to be dis
tributed' presently."
But Miss Fanthorne had not wait
ed for an explanation. She picked up
James R by his head and doused him
In the water pitcher.
; "Qv to your room," she said stern
ly to the late lord high executioner.
.'.'All three of you will report to your
class teacher for extra lesson punish
ment."
"Mary Marcella and Jennie did not
care. They would gladly have saved
James R at a much greater cost than
ihis.
" "And what might have happened. if
.the. frightful holocaust had not been
discovered you and I cannot contem
plate without a Ehudder," said Miss
Fanchon to the Young Brave of the
Wabash, when the dolls were talking
it over that nixrht.
BURNING
JAMES R
AT THE
STAKE
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY H CALL*
NAME PUZZLES
16
Solve the Puzzles,
Fili Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
i
To Pnzxle Bdttesy Sunday CalL
San' Francfsoot
Below fa their proper mem-
ber* please find my solution of
the Four Things Seen on a Dta-
hig Table, the Four Things
Good to Eat and tha Four
Things Seen in a Sawmill rep-
resented in this week's Htuoa
Puzzles i
a < ..".-T.
4
¦ ¦
•"
10 . . ... ,*••*•• —x~*s*~jc*~»*—
11 : . '•*•'»• . . • . ... . irnrn (mi »»»
12 ?•>¦«»« «
_ ' ' '
¦ ¦ 3« ' x 904s> \
Name ................... ..~ «-m
Street or P. O.. .» ... . .. . ••*•••
aty
State '.....
. If • I '/win I choose for prize
(See list of Prizes.)Will Study Monkey Brains.
PARIS. 'April .-3.— The - remains of
Consul, " a ° trained - monkey, which but
a : short tinie 'ago was the rage In
Paris, i have;,: been v • presented ' to the
Paris 'natural . history museum at'Jaf
"diniTdea * Plarites. . The body: will be
dissectedr.the bones '-¦ mounted and the
Bkin stuffed. A. special will]. be
made of the head and brains.
iu the hall with varied assortments of
•
hatf. cap* and bonnets.
. Being witty as well as pretty, she
was agreit society favorite and enter
tained in brilliant fashion. Among
her guests al Ftrathfioldraye on one
occasion were Queen Victoria and the
Prince Contort. The present King
nnd "Qu»pn have also visited there.
Slrathficldbaye House, however, can
hardly l/e rvjrani'vl ;is one of the
stately homes of England, for the Iron
Duke cared very little for frill3 of any
bort. It If built of brick and is a bis
place, but externally decidedly plain
iind unpretentious. It contains, how
"erer, man)- valued art treasures, some
its treasures to members of the Sun
day Society.
Her Grace has two sisters well
known in society, the Marchioness of
Ailesbury and Lady Buckley. Her
brother. General Owen Williams, was
formerly commander of the Blues, and
attained unenviable prominence as one
of the principal witnesses in the
Tranby Court baccarat scandal. An
other brother. Hugo - Williams, became
famous by declaring* himself not lia
ble for bis wife's dressmaking bills,
for the payment of which she was fre
quently sued. Recently, however, this
lady, who is one of the shining lights
of London's fast set, has been adding
• THREE DUCHESSES, CAUSES OF MANY TANGLES.
LONDON, April 3.— Wrestling Is go
ing to become a - giant society ~ craze
this season. The King has given it his
imprimatur, . the Bath .Club i has made
it a feature in their gymnasium and the
young society : lions of the west end "of
London have Installed ; a leading'-_pro
fessional. to instruct . them in' its ¦; art
and mysteries.. King Edward has given
instructions to have, a stage for .wrest
ling added . to the gymnasium at Buck
ingham Palace.
It will be remembered that when John
L. Sullivan visited England the ; King,
then the ; Prince of Wales, "command
ed" him ; to appear at , Marlborough
House, arid so Impressed was he with
the great man that he * had - a . ; stage
for. boxing. added to the gymnasium at
once.' Other society establishments ' are
following the example of the King and
wrestling^ accommodation' Is being 'im-*
provised , In all manner - of shapes.
Neglected ' billiard-rooms "... are"~ being
cleared rout and turned^ into" gymnasia,
due^regard * beings paid f to the ; require
rnerits "of society wrestlers. « Hotels and
clubs iri^course of construction are pro
vided with i special^accommodation' , for
wfestlirig. • In ¦: many.' places , the - swim
'mirig baths are being covered over with
;a* ; special "contrivance t s6 ] that JtheyTcan
be turned into a gymnasium as the oc
casion f demands". /. The '¦, Duke : ' of I Marl
boVough's ;new; houi»e is \ provided "Iwith
a" gymnasium which* will V admit iwrest
ling," boxing or, any other form of manly
exercise v -'.""¦';•¦ ' -;
-LONDON,. April 3.— According to Dr.
Oscar » Jennings,- the well-known spe
cialist on drug habits, hosts of English
and French society women are turning
to'morphla In Various forms as a stim
ulant and fatigue banisner. So familiar
did . British officers become with the
drug t In ; the hospitals • during : the Boer
war.: that . many of : them came home
with a well "developed ; habit and con
vincing stories of its powers.
Although druggists In London and
Paris are- forbidden by, law to handle
morphia without a special ; license, the
number of sales "on the quiet" are de
clared to be enormous, \ especially in
the latter. capital. ."Often customers are
charged I five times the ¦ regular price,
but . as they j seldom : refuse, the , drug
gists' profit Is sufficient to "warrant ' the
risk. ;¦ It is said, too, that a- waiter In
a prominent *' Paris restaurant always
ke'eps 'a. % hypodermic syringe ready for
the use of any patron ¦ who may require
a dose when he has left his own at
home. •
man In England, and of course the
three Duchesses share them with him.
No money goes with the most of
them, very few people ever hear of
them and- they serve no other purpose
than to lncumber. Burke's Peerage.
MAXY-TTTLES BUT XO FUNDS.
The cynical Labouchere once .sug
gested that a law should be passed au
thorizing Impecunious peers to dispose
of their superfluous titles at auction
L or _ by private sale. At present the
only way they can treat their titles as
financial - assets is by becoming: * com
pany directors— which is getting to be
a very risky business— or by marrying
American ' heiresses. And because, , if
they were allowed to sell some, of
their titles outright for cash, there
would be fewer transoceanic peer
esses. It has been- urged that
such a measure would undoubtedly be
popular-with England's feminine aris
tocracy, who view with jealousv and
alarm the extent to which they are
being ordered out of their limited
matrimonial* market by the all-con-,
quering American girl's" dollars. Bel
sides possessing a ; baker's dozen of
British titles the Duke of Wellington
is Prince of Waterloo in the Nether
lands.-Duke of Ciudad ,RodrIgo in
Spain, and Dnke of Vittoria, Marquess
of Torres Vedras and Count ? of : Vimi
' era Ih^ Portugal. , .'-^ :\*.Q^r- :
. Apsley where the! Duke f and
Duchess now.'rnake their horned is his
torically 'one. of the 'most famous
houses In London and one of. the least
known. When a garden ; party/ was
given "there In 1801 it was said that it
King Edward Gives Ap
proval to Fad and So
ciety Adopts It. •_
Women of Rank Falling
Victims to Seductive
; Power of Morphia.
WRESTLING
THE CRAZE
IN LONDON
EUROPEAN
SOCIETY HAS
DRUG HABIT
of Waterloo, ] and '. It was regarded as
one of the most Important functions
of the season./ An invitation to It was
prized quite as highly as was a com
mand to, dine at Stu James Palace, and
In some respects thedlhners'were sim
ilar, since the King Invariably sat on
the right hand of the Duke.
King. George IV, was notVi brilliant
after dinner speaker, and his oratory
did not greatly vary as to sentiment.
But one point. he used to make every
year l with unfailing /regularity which
was vociferously cheered. "If it had
not been for. the - exertions of my
friend, on the -left," he was;wont to
say, "I might not have had the hap
piness of' meeting the present com
pany."
The interior, of -Apsley House. Is a
curious mixture of .splendor and sim
plicity. The "decorations are ; exceed
ingly handsome, and the ; magnificent
picture gallery Is of priceless histori
cal value. The rooms occupied by the
first Duke are.- oh : the other,harid.- al
most bare i In their lack of luxury. The
great man's .bedroom is still preserved
In the same : state • as during > his life
time.* Its ; only furniture is J a , small
iron % bedstead, \ a ; writing \ table and
chair, * a chest , of ¦ drawers : and '?. some
books. . The * Iron Duke, llkeia" true
hero, was simple ¦ in all his j tastes and
preferred ; to \ live) the , life of ; a soldier
rather; than";that]of ,an aristocrat.
The 'art* treasures contained 1 ! inf Aps
ley House, mostly. the, gifts of crowned'
heads,- comprise { specimens . of 'all ¦; the
best ,; known /schools • of painting) and
sculptured ; On '. the '¦ grand ; staircase ; is
the > colossal •: statlie * of : Napoleon I . by
Canova, .while , the pictures in
clude paintings by Velasquez,";Wouver
: mans/. MurllloTand Watteau.' Here , are
also 'the C famous "Holy ,C Family" by
Rubens. Sir David \ Wilkie's ; , full-length
portrait ; of George ; IV,"". and ; Landseer'a
•'Highland Whisky Still." :
'•": Apsley. House. .^though long. bereft of
ItsTsocial/splendof.vis a ¦' fitting.,monu
ment of Z one;. of £_the _ very greatest ; of
the heroes of -England. 'It* -tvas pre
sented : ' to - the; Duke S by .the ''nation \n
1S20 arid Its :, address; was^ then very
appropriately No. 1, London. ' ' " V
on this side of the water that the ex
ploits of the supposedly plutocratic
Bernard McGroary — who returned to
Ireland from New Jersey a few, months
ago and who died at Liverpool recently
—attracted no end of attention and a
good - deal is likely to be made ' of a
lawsuit which I understand is coming
as a sequel to his history. McGroary,
of , course, was the "eccentric . Irish-
American millionaire" who, after," turn
ing up In ; Donegal. - his eld home, took
up his abode at the poorhouse and who
lived there - for some ¦ time in style be
fitting as opulent a person as be pre
tended lobe. Not long after his death
it came out that McGroary was not a
millionaire at all. but possessed of only
about SSOOO. This, he'' bequeathed, for
the most part, to relatives In the United
States, and now I learn that his kins
men on this side of the water are going
to. contest, the. will. It is possible also
to tell ¦ here, for the first time, • why it
was that McGroary elected to. take up
his - residence - In so unlikely a retreat
for a rich man as the: Donegal poor
house.
It seems that when the Irish-Ameri
can ; arrived .In Donegal, preceded by
tales of the fortune he had amassed in
the new, El Dorado, his poor , relations
were overjoyed at the prospect of hav
ing a real live millionaire as a kins
man. The family tree : was quickly
built up and relationships hitherto un
heard -of "were as^qulckly established.
.The .neighbors came to congratulate
the McGroarys on their good fortune
and Bernard himself became the ob
ject . of . an admiring * and patronizing
, community of humble* :Donegal folk. A
millionaire does not descend on Done
gal every day. so that McGrcary was
feted ¦{ and regaled by every one who
could by : any stretch of imagination
% claim, even the most distant relation
ship. ¦ :. :;. ;~ :.y~\~ : ]- -~: ,\:-*
The'; thing '.went so far that, after a
while, the "millionaire" made up his
mind to escape from such pressing at
tentions, and ' this ' Is why it ", was tha t
to the dismay] and consternation of the
McGroarys he . tcok up his [ quarters f n
the local poorhouse^-not as a pauper
but as a, "paying guest" at *5 a wtek.
unique specimens of furniture, a. high
ly prized -library and historic souve
nirs of its first great occupant."
The old Duchess was a great friend
of Queen Victoria, and from' lS43--to
1848 was bedchamber wornan-to her
Majesty. In 1S61 she became Mis
tress of the Robes, holding that office
until IS 6 S. and filling it~ again in 1574.
After the death of the Queen the King
presented her with one of his mother's
bracelets, which the old lady prizes
highly as a souvenir of her royal mis
tress. On the death of her husband in
1SS4, she took up her residence at
Bearhill Park, WaIton-on r Tnames,
where she still lives, having long ago
withdrawn from the social whirl.
Evelyn. Duchess of "Wellington. • is
the youngest daughter of the late Col
onel Thomas Peers Williams; of Tem
ple House. Buckinghamshire, and is
still a very pretty woman. . She mar
ried the third Duke in 1SE2 and has
been a widow less than four years. She
is a devout Catholic and has never
taken a prominent part In social func
tions, sharing her husband's fondness
for the Quiet and innocuous pleasures
of a country life. This third Duke. In
physiognomy and tastes, bore very lit
tle resemblance to the martial found
er of the house. He looked so much
like Spurgeon, the famous preacher,
who was anything but a handsome
man. that that name was bestowed on
him as a nickname.
FOND.VESS FOR CLAY PIGS.
The favorite hobbies of this Duchess
are animal pets, and china and clay
pigs, of which she has a large collec
tion gathered during - her travels on
the Continent with her late huband.
Whence comes this predilection for
porcine effigies no pne knows, but It
is a very harmless taste and one In
which her Grace is not apt to en
counter any rivalry and arouse jealous
heart-burnings. Despite her devotion
to it she found time to compile a cat
alogue of the pictures at the famous
du>cal town residence, Apsley House.
Hyde Park Corner, London. And
while thus engaged, she displayed her
piety by- granting free passes- to -view
LONDON. April 3.— One of the most
perplexing raix-ups in all the tangled
list cf the British peerage is the fact
that there are at this time three liv
ing Duchesses of Wellington. The
rune is so famous and the great
2adies who bear it are so little known
in America — or nere either, for that
matter — that I have taken advantage
cf a rare opportunity to get th» pho
tographs of these three titled dames
and some information about them
which proves to be of much human
Interest.
They are known as Elizabeth.
Duchess of Wellington, the widow of
the second Duke of Wellington; Eve
lyn. Duchess of Wellington, the widow
of the third Duke of Wellington, and
the Duchess of Wellington, wife of the
fourth and present Duke.
Neither of the two first named can
rightly be termed Dowager Duchesses,
for neither of them retired in favor
erf a son's wife. The present Duchess
of Wellington is already a grand
mother, the child of one her daugh
ters, who married a commoner. Mr.
Janes, having been christened on Feb
ruary 1 of this year, by permission of
the King, at the Chapel Royal. St.
James Palace. London. Yet the lady
who preceded her in the title Is still
voury enough to enter the matrimo
nial lists again and is engaged to be
married to Colonel Wellesley.
The key to the puzzle is found in
this Queer bit of genealogical history:
The first and great Duke of Welling
ton — and thus far the only great Duke
cf Wellington — who died In 1S52, was
succeeded by the eldest of his two
eons. Arthur Richard Wellesley. who
¦ as born In 1S07 and died in 1SS4 with
out issue.
He vas succeeded by his nephew,
Henry, the second son of the Iron
Duke's second son, Charles, who died
in 1S5S; Henry, the third Duke, who
bom in 18<6, died in 1900. also
v ithout children, and was succeeded
by his brother Arthur, born in 1849,
who then became the fourth Duke of
P"-?12i:_gton.
\nd tb.es It comes about that there
• three living Duchesses of Wel
gton.
HISTORY OF THE DUCHESSES.
. Elizabeth. Duchess of Wellington.
« idov cf the second Duke, is a state
ly dame, whose head le crowned with
•.he snows of nearly eighty-four win
ters. At the time of her marriage,
which occurred In 1S39, she was Lady
Elisabeth Hay. daughter of the Mar
quis of Tweed" dale. She was only 19
then. & very pretty girl and of
a sprightly temperament, which found
vent Jn some amusing pranks. When,
U a bride, she was taken to Strath
fieldsaye House. Berkshire, the coun
try seat of the Iron Duke, for the
' honeymoon, «he rather shocked her
hiisbar.d by decorating the hlrtbric
collection of marble bests and statues
to her private income by selling motor
cars on commission which, may. en
able her to pay. her dressmaking bills
without unduly taxing her husband's
purse.' -
Kathleen Emily Bulkeley Williams
was the maiden name of the reigning
Duchess, who is many years older than
the lady whom she displaced in the
occupancy of the ducal estates. Her
father was Captain Robert Williams,
A. D. C, son of "Sir Robert Williams,
Bart. Her predecessor's maiden sur
name was, also Williams, but the two
families are not related.
! She married the fourth Duke in
¦
1S72 and has. a family of four sons
and two daughters, so that there is
now little likelihood that the title will
soon rass , to collateral branches cf
the family. Her eldest son. Lord
Douro, was a victim some little tinie
back of a severe "ragging," as "haz-'
Ing" Js here termed, in the Guards.
For some reason, perhaps because he
was too keen in his profession, he was
unpopular with his aristocratic asso
ciates, who nicknamed him "Do-go."
The present Duke and Duchess of
Wellington do not play a conspicuous
part in society. The reason is that the
Duke is hard up — for a Duke.- By the
terms of the bountiful money grant
which a grateful country bestowed on
the Iron Duke it extended only to
three generations. Besides, being un
der the painful necessity of making
both ends meet without any aid from
this fund, the poor Duke has become
further impoverished by having to pay
jointures out of the estate to the two
senior Duchesses." With a large and
extensive family to support, so severe
ly have they felt the need of retrench
ment that they have closed up their
country seat. Strathfieldsaye House,
and are trying to let it. Here is an
excellent chance, by the way, for some
American millionaire who would like
to take his ease for A a few seasons in
the favorite country residence of Eng
land's greatest soldier.
* The Duke is as rich in -titles as he
is poor in cash." Probably he has
more -of- them than any other noble-
was the first time for nearly half a
century that its- doors ,'~ had been
thrown open for, an entertainment.
When the Iron Duke had possession
of it things were different. In v the fa
mous Waterloo gallery, a vast hall
nearly 100 feet long,; handsomely dec
orated and richly gilt, the Duke used
to celebrate by a banquet on the 18th
of June the anniversary of the battle
All Live Quietly, the Reigning Lady Sharing the Trials of Her
Much -Titled Husband, Fourth Duke.
THREE LIVING DUCHESSES OF WELLINGTON ARE CAUSE
OF MUCH CONFUSION AMONG TITLED SET OF ENGLAND
REVEALS
McGROARY'S
IMPOSITION
Eccentric Irish "Million
aire" Is Worth but
$8000. *
LONDON. ' April X— Interest in- the
"American milllcnalre" has got'so.keen
Pages 17 to 20
I
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL -3, : 1901.
Pages 17 to 20San Francisco Lodge, which .';. three
weeks ago received some > sharp ] talk
on , the subject , of; forming ; in
the lodge, has'; had 1'two . meetings | since
and 'I the ' spirit of • that was
making Itself manifest 'appears. to have
disappeared; This; lodge will ; have "ah
Fraternal Brotherhood.
;' Mizpah : Court No. 1. Tribe of Ben
Hur, will give an entertainment and
dance to its members and friends in the
Welcome ; Hall of the Odd Fellows'
building. April 4, when apleasing nnJ
interesting programme will be offered.
Ben Hur Court No. 12 of Oakland has
organized a boosters' club to Increase
its . membership. This! is" divided Into
two sections, each 'under the direction
of a captain. . F. Grube i has been cho.vn
as captain of one and C. B. Moon of the
other section.
. Oakland Court No. 6 entertained Its
members ; and friends a ¦ • vauie-;
Ville programme, drama and dance in
the; Ben ; Hur Temple,: Oakland, oh the
fourth Friday In March.lt was a "pleas
ant affair, conducted under' the»direc-
BenHur.
Woodmen of the World.
California Camp of the Woodmen of
the World at its meeting last week,
after the routine business, conferred
the California degree on several can
didates In a satisfactory manner. ¦
Rosewood Camp of Santa Rosa re
cently dedicated a new home on Third
street in that- city in the presence of
several hundred persons who had ,been
Invited to enter the Forest of Wood
craft. The new quarters are commo
dious, well ventilated and. furnished in
a manner in keeping with the standing
of the order and the camp named in
particular. Peter F. Gilroy, past consul
of Mission Camp of San Francisco, act
ing, as head consul, dedicated the new
headquarters to woodcraft, being as
sisted in this by D.. E.. Albers, consul
of the camp, and other officers of that
subordinate. -At the close of the cere-
California Lodge, after Its meeting
on the last Monday In March, had a
short programme of entertainment ami
a collation. for Its members in iu BMvr
quarters in Native Sons' Hall
San Francisco Lodge of the Grand
Fraternity entertained Its members and
friends in Elks' Hall en the fourth
Saturday in March with a first clas3
programme' of vaudeville numbers.
During the recent session of th«
Grand Court of the Degree of the
Amaranth .Crescent Court of San
Francisco was honored by the selec
tion of two of its members to fill. high
positions in thej governing body of,
the State, M. J. Kelly as grand royal
patron and Mrs. Ida M. Spence as as
sociate grand royal matron. The last
named during her membership in
Crescent Court has proved herself a
most valuable member and did. much
during her term as royal matron to
carry on the. work of the association
along harmonious lines and to Increase
its numerical strength. Her example
as an officer Is worthy of emulation.
Grand Fraternity.
The Amaranths.
General McGlashan will during the
current; week make; known' the result
of his conference with'ithe transporta
tion companies in relation to securing
reduced rates „ for the uniform rank
members who may desire to attend the
Grand Encampment to be held in Louis
ville, Ky.<; ;
The officers of Columbia Company of
Eureka : and those : of ; the North Star
Company '• of Arcata, were -recently in
stalled at Arcata by Colonel. T. J. Crbw
ley-after ,the initiation of ' several can
didates into each. company. After the
installation" there was a banquet and
speech -making, and. during the supper,
there was presented , to* Colonel Crowley
a handsome I card . receiver of redwood
burl; -highly, polished." ; Within the"re
ceiverw;as a solid 'silver, card, that of
Colonel" J.VH. Gysclear, who, on ac
count /of [sickness, was v unable: , to- be
present. / " '^V* J
". In/the; latter part [of j March" Themis
Lodge * of Escondido ; received], a .delega
tion of members of the order" from. San
On April 20 the grand keeper of rec
ords and seals will deliver a lecture
before Alemania Lodge.
San' Leaiidro Company of the Uni
form Rank ;will give an anniversary
ball on the night of April 20.
Grand Kfeeper of Records and Seal
Schaffner will visit Bakersfleld April
16 for the purpose of making the pre
liminary arrangements for the holding
of the Grand Lodge session in that
city.
Pythian Knights.
Liberty Lodge of the Knights of
Honor has decided to abandon the
quarters it has occupied for ever so
many years in the Alcazar building
and to-morrow night will have a
housewarming in Its new quarters in
the Pioneer building. The lodge has
appointed its sub-committees to carry
out the details of the picnic to be giv
en at Camp Taylor May ty).
' Grand Organizer H. H. Barnes, who
recently worked with the lodges in
Los Angeles, has taken up his resi
dence in this city and will work with
the local lodges on the line of an ag-;'
gressive campaign. \ He paid his first
•visit last week. It was to Yerba Bue
na Lodge. .
J. N. Hall has been appointed Grand
Lodge organizer for the lodges of Los
Angeles and vicinity. ¦
The March report from the Supreme
Lodge shows 140 deaths since/the Feb
ruary report, ten of whlch^ occurred
in California. Sixty-three ' of "the
claims. on f account of death were paid
before the issuance of the" bulletin and
the remainder will be paid before the
10th of the current month.
Knights of Honor.
Mrs.. Lillian M. Holllster, suprema
commander, of the Ladies of the Mac
cabees of the World, and Miss BIna M.
West, supreme recorder of the orderi
were while In this city the guests of
Mrs. Mary Wood-Swift, president of
the National Council of Women, at her
elegant home.
Now that a Great Camp of th«
Knights of the Maccabees has been in
situated in California, it is probable
that Great Commander S. W. Hall,
whose headquarters are at present in
Oakland, will locate the Great Camp
office in -San Francisco.
Golden West Tent on the last Tues
day in March, had a smoker and whist
party in Its tent after a short review.
The Maccabees.
Another candidate 'has appeared for
the office of general deputy to fill the
vacancy caused by the resignation of
J. N. Bunting. It Is James E. Field of
Golden Gate Council, erstwhile sena
tor from this jurisdiction to the Sen
ate of the order, and for. several y"ears
the doorkeeper of that body.
At. the March meeting of the • San
Francisco y Cabinet of the National
Union it was decided to celebrate the
anniversary of the order by a day and
night at the Chutes. ; The cabinet, by
unanimous vote, ; recommended Vice
President Joseph A. Wilson, ; the active
member of El Capltan; "the fireworks"
councilrfor the office of. general deputy.
The "Japanese tea party" given by
the ladles ; of the National Union in
the Red Men's Hall during; the latter
part of" March w-as. a very delightful
function," tone that demonstrated the
ability of the members of that organ
ization to entertain. : There was a de
lightful : programme ; of -varied numbers
and during; the* evening' a 'number 'of
the * members '~in .Japanese costume
served tea.' 'Dancing followed the pro
gramme. 'The hall was crowded to its
utmost capacity.
The following was t ho, programme of
numbers presented on the third Wed
nesday in March by the committee of
California Council of the National
Union on the occasion of the entertain
ment of the lady members and relatives
of the members: :
Quartet. California Council; barytone eolo,
E. C. Roysen; alto nolo. Miss Viola Van Or
den; reading. John Scully; tenor solo, W. E.
Smith; soprano solo, Miss E. F. Vasconcellos;
bass solo, M. McCurrle; trio — mandolin. Pro
fessor F. D. Piccirlllo; Kultar, Profrasor W. A.
Eames; mandola. Professor A. L.. Danlele; con
tralto solo, Mrs. Maud Day Calne; tenor solo,
Fred Purdy; monoloRist, M. Mendell; barytone
solo, O. A. Kilmer; Chinese conjurer, Joe Law
son; quartet, 'California Council.
The large hall in Pythian Castle was
too : small . last week" to "admit all wha
The members Court Yerba Bue
na and those of Companion 1 Court Yer
ba Buena have formed a. social club
for the purpose of giving a leap year
party in the social hall of the Shlels
building on the night of April 13." .
¦ ~— -?— ; — -•
The Red Men.
The visit of Past High Chief Rang
er Cooper last week to Brentwood,
Contra Costa Countv, where there was
held a public meeting under the aus
pices of the' companion court of that
place, was a very successful affair.
The members of the parent court were
present, as were also many of the res
idents of the place and vicinity. The
past officer delivered an interesting
address and was followed by High
Chief Ranger Stewart.' who spoke en
couragingly of the order, and then
came High Treasurer Ed Cameron,
the funmaker of Ihe order, who enter
tained for some time with funny sto
ries.. This section of the jurisdiction
is doing' well, the two courts of the
order having in their aggregate mem-,
bership more than two-thirds of the
population.
Court Oakland -of the city of that
name has procured the, new rituals
and will hereafter work under it, ex
pecting to present the work In all its
new beauty. R. C. Berrier has been
elected orator of the court to fill a
vacancy caused by the retirement
from active work of A. H. Hart. This
court had a very, interesting whist
tournament last week. *
At a meeting of the San Francisco
board Of deputies of the Independent
Order of Foresters lust week a sug
gestion was presented for the carry
ing on of the membership contest in
this city In response to the challenge
of the courts of Los Angeles. The
idea, which is a new one along fra
ternal lines, was well received and it
will in all probability be adopted at
the next meeting and put into effect at
once.
The Independents.
National Union.
Clan Fraser No. 78, O. S. C, was dur
ing its last held session visited by
Royal Deputy MacCarl and Chief
Rhodes, who were accompanied by a
large delegation from Clan Macdonald,
and the visitors were received with a
genuine welcome by Chief Munro of
the sitting clan. On this occasion all
the, stations except that of the chief
were filled by past chiefs, who con
ferred the degree of the order on six
applicants for membership in a manner
that certainly left a most favorable Im
pression, not only upon the candidates,
but upon . the hundred clansmen who
were in the hall. At the close of the
regular business the royal deputy deliv
ered a stirring address, In which he
complimented Clans Fraser and Mac
donald for the good work each* has been
doing for the order. The reports pre
sented to the sitting clan of the Burns
concert and the Grant lecture showed a
good financial success. One.report sets
forth "tha^t the large audience and the
great enthusiasm that greeted every
number at the Burns concert Was an
evidence that the clan stands high in
the estimation of the Scotch public. The
amusement committee and the Lady
Lovat Auxiliary, under the manage
ment of Past Chief Maxwell L. Crowe,
deserve great praise." The remainder
of the evening w-as spent in singing
Scotch songs,; closing with "Auld Lang
Syne." Clan Fraser will visit Clan Mac
donald on the last Friday in April.
At the last held meeting of Goodfel
lowship Camp of the Modern Woodmen
of the World the new ritual of the order
was exemplified by the Initiation of
several candidates. The new work has
some added features that help to marie
the impressiveness of the ceremony.
Occidental Camp at its last held ses
sion had five applications and the
strangers will be admitted into the or
der at the next meeting.
Supreme Deputy J. O. Davis visited
Visalia In the latter part of March to>
attend the celebration of the fourth an
niversary of Woodbine Camp In that
city. The celebration was In the nature
of an open meeting, at which there waa
an interesting programme of music and
"song. The supreme deputy delivered an
address', setting forth the work. of the
order. '
Clerk Elliott of Goodfellowship Camp
has been appointed district deputy for
the order in thi3 city.
Clan Fraser.
Modern Woodmen.
At the anniversary ( party recently
given by Lincoln Corps a -pleasing fea
ture during the after dinner speeches
was the presentation— it being the oc
casion of the fortieth anniversary of
their wedding — of a beautiful desk to
Colonel Mason C. and Mrs. Kinne by
the members of the corps. This was in
appreciation of the excellent work
that they have done for the building
up of the corps, both having been In
strumental in its organization. Mrs.
Mary E. Howe, the president of the
corps, who made a charming hostess
on that occasion, is one of the young
est members . that has ever held the
office she how fills.
The ladies of General George Meade
Corps No. 61, W. R. C, gave an en
tertainment to its members and
friends in Foresters' Hall on the last
Friday in March. % Tftere was a large
attendance that was entertained with
a good programme of music, recita
tions and literary numbers. A fea
ture of the programme was the vocal
selections by Miss McCormack, a most
pleasing singer. The sale of the con
tents of a grab bag realized a neat sum
for the charitable fund of the corps.
Those in charge of the affair were
Mrs. Anne Sheehan. Mrs. Kate Wood,
Mrs. Crowell and Mrs. Barnes.
During the latter part of the same
moon Great Pocahontas Mrs. Minnie"
Betts will institute two councils of the
Degree of Pocahontas, one at Hanford
and the other at Lemoore. She will be
assisted by a degree team from Stock
ton.
wished to be present at the first
smoker given by Calumet Tribe of the
Improved Order of Red Men. Dr.
Troppmann, the medicine man of the
tribe, counted 500 inside of the hall and
half a hundred more in the anteroom
and in the ' corridor. There -was not
a set programme, but the committee,
composed of J. Petrie, Henry Ingwer
son and Dr. Charles M. Troppmann,
with Charles Propfe as expert
draughtsman, furnished amusement,
pipes, cigars, tobacco, cigarettes, sand
wiches, and refreshments^ in ¦'¦ plenty.
There were boxing matches/rnusic, in
strumental and vocal ; good, bad and
indifferent stdries; . recitations, comic
and pathetic, and "a "monkey ¦ show,"
also, speeches, the latter by John .E.
McDougald, City Treasurer,! and Theo.
Lundstedt of the Board of Supervisors.
Those who contributed 1 to the enter
tainment "bf the members and guests
of the tribe were: Jim Ward, Frank
Corbett, Jim Young, Pete Sullivan, AS.
Young and Terry Murrane of the Haw
thorne Athletic Club; B.iFlynn, Frank
Carroll, Charles Clarke, J., Nolan, Ed.
Burrows, George "VVY Baltic, Joseph
Sullivan and F. Hutchins and a num
ber of volunteers too modest j to give
their names. During the evening there
was a 'singing contest between Dan
Desmond and J. AlcCann for a valuable
prize, but it was declared a draw and
the tribe holds the same "until they
sing again. The general direction of
the very entertaining affair was by
Carl von Haltdeinmaul 'in regulation
costume, personated by the medicine
man.
Redwood Circle, Women of Wood
craft, will give its Easter ball in Golden
Gate Hall on the evening of April 9.
The grand march will be started at
8:45 o'clock.
The Choppers' Friendship Club, the
sick benefit branch of the Woodmen of
the World, is still .working'. to reach the
1000 mark in membership, anil at each
meeting is adding names to the roll,
six eligibles being admitted at the last
held session. The members of the club
are now busy arranging for the picnic
to be given in Sunset Park, May 15.
The members will be held' responsible
for those they invite to attend this af
fair, and in that way hope to be able
to prevent the admission of any dis
turbing element to the grounds.
Golden Gate Camp Is agitating for a
Woodmen's Home in San Francisco in
the hope that there shall be in this
city a fraternal monument that will
pioclaim the order to all and in time
become the office of the Head Camp.
A committee has been visiting all th»»
camps, inviting such to send five dele
gates to meet in convention at some
future date for the purpose of discuss
ing the proposition and* there naming
delegates.* A capitalist has announced
his intention of putting up "a five-story
modern building on Golden Gate ave
nue, near Taylor street, with a large
convention hall that will seat about
3000 people for the order.
mony the acting head consul delivered
an interesting and eloquent address on
Woodcraft, carrying, as he always does,
Ms audience with him. This was fol
lowed by a pleasing programme of en
tertainment, a banquet and dancing.
The membership' of Rosewood Camp
numbers 267 at this time and under
the influence of enthusiasm created in
a new forest it expects to increase to
the 500 mark. A feature of the new
forest is that the stump and the sta
tions were all made from the wood of
a large camphor tree that grew upon
the site now occupied by the new
structure in which the forest is located.
Maple Lodge of Oakland.:. instituted
last January, at its last held meeting
passed the hundred mark in member
ship.
All the. lodges in Alameda County are
reporting an increase in membership.
The lodge in Alameda is organizing a
drill team for the purpose of issuing a
challenge. to the drill team of Progress
Lodge of this city.
open meeting in its lodgeroom in the
Native Sons' building April 15.
Mission and Aurora lodges of this
city have entered into a membership
contest to last sixty days. The losing
lodge will have to pay for a supper to
be partaken of by the winning lodge,
and not only will it have to pay, but
the members will have to wait on the
winners.
Western Addition Lodge initiated
four strangers at its last meeting.
Yerba Buena Lodge, recently organ
ized, asked its members "to bring In
one application signed by some eligible
person at the next meeting," and each
did so, doubling the membership in a
week. - . * *
San Francisco Assembly No. 1 gave
a very pleasant entertainment and
dance In its hall in the Odd Fellows*
building last Wednesday. There was a
good programme of instrumental and
vocal music, a sextet, recitations and
specialties. During intermission an
excellent collation was served. Dr. J.
A. Kuykendall was chairman of the
committee on entertainment.
Lincoln Assembly of Oakland had a
well attended . social and whist party
in the latter part of March in Syndi
cate Hall, Oakland.
At the meeting of the Senate of the
Lincoln Annuity Union the supreme
officers who were elected for the first
term with* Ernest Duden as supreme
president were re-elected for. the term
of three years, with the exception of
Miss M. A. Gothle, secretary, who was
succeeded by J. R. Talt, and E. Phillis
Carleton, who was succeeded by J. A.
Ritchie.
The Union has secured licenses to do
business in the States of Washington
and Texas. '=» V
Lincoln Annuity.
REPRESENTATIVES OF FOUR LOCAL FRATERNITIES.
Olive Branch Chapter, one of the
most progressive in the order, at its
meeting last week Initiated 'several
candidates and. after the meeting, had
a most enjoyable social hour t after
which there was a collation in keeping
with the reputation that this chapter
has in that line. During th'e evening
the matron, Mrs. Fredericks, and her.
staff of officers received much praise
for the very excellent manner in which
they performed the initiatory work.
Mission Chapter,' at its meeting on
the last Friday, in March, elected
twenty-four candidates who will be
initiated at the next meeting.
The grand patron and grand matron
have concluded a series of official visits
to. the chapters in the southern part of
the State, and they found the member
ship there very enthusiastic. At each
place they were accorded ' a most
gracious welcome.
. District Deputy Grand Matron Mrs.
Lilly C. Byce has been making a tour
of the chapters in District No. 7 for the
purpose of Imparting instruction, and
up to date has. visited more than
half of them. During the current month
she visited Morning Star Chapter, her
home chapter, at PetaJuma; Rose Val
ley Chapter at Santa Rosa, Gold Ridge
Chapter at Sebastopol and Clover Leaf
Chapter at Cloverdale. At each of
these places she received a cordial
reception and each meeting place was
lavishly decorated in honor of the vis
itor. She was also the guest of honor
at bounteous feasts that were pre
pared. By her pleasing personality,
careful attention to the duties that de
volve upon her. as well as the kindly
manner in which she imparts all in
formation that is calculated to in
struct, she has won the hearts of all
who have met her wherever she has
been in her official capacity. She has
been highly commended for the thor
oughness in which she imparts in
struction. She is, as a member of the
order said recently, "an Eastern Starite
who feels an interest in her work and
Is ambitious to help place the order on
the highest plane."
The New England dinner given by
Ivy Chapter, after the last meeting in
March, was greatly enjoyed by
more than 150^people. The affair, a
novelty in.tri'e line of entertaining a
chapter of this order, was voted a
great success by all who were at the
tables to partake of the many good
things laid before them. J. E. Gordon
assisted the committee to see that
everything was served according to the
Down East style. This chapter pro
poses to iqtroduce other novelties along
the line of entertainment.
At the last meeting of San Francisco
Chapter there was the attendance of a
large number of members and many
visitors. Mrs. Lottie Rothman, chair
lady of the leap year party recently
given, reported a net gain of $165, the
largest amount ever turned Into the
treasury from a social function. During
good for the order the assemblage was
addressed by Dr. Amy Florence Tem
ple, matron of Golden Gate Chapter;
Mrs. Virctnia Lewis, matron of Har
mony Chapter, and Mrs. Alexander
Woodside, matron of California Chap
ter, all -speaking In high terms of the
manner in which the present adminis
tration is working for the advancement
of the chapter and the order. At the
close of the meeting refreshments were
served.
The Eastern Star.
Woman's Relief Corps.
At Sacramento it is proposed to
establish a District Council, to include
the members of the order in that city
and all the district members in the
Pacific Coast department. £-%'?]
Courtland Council, with a member
ship of over fifty, reports initations'at
the last five meetings and only four
suspensions during the past year.
California Council No. 61 of this city
has, under the direction of Organizer
C. E. Hobenson,- taken some of the
elixir of fraternal life and as a result
considerable activity is noted. At the
last held session five applications were
presented and the applicants will be
initiated at the next session.
At the meeting of Berkeley Council
No. 18, held on the third Monday in
March, three applications were re
ceived. A resolution to meet- weekly
hereafter was presented and will
doubtless be adopted at the next meet-
Ing. The third monthly whist tour
nament was well. attended, the prizes
for the evening being awarded to O.
M. Kellogg, first; E. J. Yates, seoond,
and Walter Banker, third.
¦ San Francisco Council No. 14 of the
Order of Americus at its .last held
meeting acted upon four petitions for
membership, after which there was an
adjournment out of respect to the
memory 6t its deceased member, Ja
cob Lee.
Order of Americus.
Diego and gave the visitors an oppor
tunity to confer the knight rank on
several eligibles, after which there was
a banquet and addresses by J. H. An
derson, Mayor S. Steiner, F. P. Willard
and G. . M. Baumgartner of Escondido
and Hugh, J. Baldwin, R. V. Dodge and
F. E. Johnson of San Diego.
The trustees of the Odd Fellows*
Home are considering a proposition to
pipe water a distance of three miles to
the White tract in Santa Clara Valley.
Harry K. Wolff, recently Installed as
deputy degree master of Excelsior De
gree Lodge, I. O. O. F., of San Fran
cisco, is a young attorney of this city
and noble grand of Bay City Lodge.
He is one of the youngest Odd Fellows
that ever attained the high and honor
able position^ he now fills in the order.
He has a remarkably good delivery,
and by his logical" and Interesting way
of presenting subjects has attracted a
great deal of attention. He will un
doubtedly make an excellent assistant
to Degree Master W. B. Curtis.
A new lodge will be instituted at
Laton, Fresno County, by District
Deputy Grand Master M. A. Morgan,
assisted by Grand Secretary Shaw. An
other one will be instituted by Grand
Master Baker at Loyalton, Sierra
County.
Grand Master Baker paid an official
visit last weeek to the lodge in Fruit
vale.
The Odd Fellows.
tion of a committee of which Mrs. R.
P. Foster was the chairman.
Mission Court after resting for a
¦while has again started up in the so
cial line, furnishing entertainment af
ter every meeting on Thursday nights
in its hall in the Mission Parlor build
ing, Seventeenth street. At the last
held meeting there was a good attend
ance of members and strangers and
there was an entertaining programme
of music and songs.
the guests of Secretary Kate Connolly
of the parlor. After the work there
was a supper, at which there were pres
ent the members of the Native Sons*
parlor of that place, and a pleasant
hour terminated the official visit. On
the 2Sth of April the members of the
Native Daughters* parlor of this place
will be the guests of the Native Sons
at a house warming, on the occasion of
moving into their new hall. The two
parlors are making arrangements j to
have a joint celebration on the Fourth
of July.
• GftUJen State Parlor No. BO recently
gave a shamrock party in its hall,
which was very tastefully decorated
"w ith . shamrock. Not only were the
walls' and chandeliers decorated with
Jhejsrctty trefoil, but the color scheme
\\Hr carried to the banquet table, and
even the napkins were of pale green
Japanese paper, folded in the shape
of the shamrock. During the evening
there was a guessing contest, in which
•Miss Johanna Myers, "the only Jo
>ajina." won the first and Miss Emma
Scjin»der the booby prize. There was
h 'programme of songs and dancing by
the members of this wideawake par
lor, tfiat thinks more of tKe order than
?t does of the personal aggrandizement
of individual members, and just before
the supper there was a Virginia reel.
The,re were a number of visitors, who
were each given a shamrock as a sou
venir, which they were informed was
of Golden State's trinity—
peace, harmony and sisterly love.
. Crajid President Stella Flnkeldey, ac
companied by Mrs. Baldwin of Santa
.Cruzl Parlor and Grand Secretary-
Laura J. Frakes, accompanied by Mrs.
Howard of Amapola Parlor, paid an
efneiAl visit last week to Occidental
•Parlor at Occidental, where an inquiry
was made fnto the manner in which
this parlor, which has since its organi
zation been instructed in the work of
rhe- <»rder by Past Grand Presidents
Tillman and Keith, had profited by the
lessons imparted. An examination of
the books showed that the officers are
uji.iit the business methods, and an ex
emplification in the ritualistic and floor
work was satisfactory. During their
etay in Occidental the visitors were
-Grand Secretary Laura J. Frakes.
"accompanied by District Deputy Grand
rresid>nt Alice Smalley, paid an of
ficfal visit on the third Friday In
"March to Angelita Parlor of Liver
mrJre. On that occasion eleven of the
prettiest girls of that section of Ala
raeda County were initiated. This
parlor, which had been at a low ebb
for some time, was rehabilitated
through the efforts of the members
'of, tlie parlor of Native Sons of that
towir.. and under promises made by
Jhe new and the old members the in
djca'tions are that it will become one
of the wideawake parlors of the bay
¦rbunties. The officers in delivering
tlxp charges to the new candidates ren
dered their respective parts of the
A\ork in an excellent manner and Past
President Mrs. Leonhart was special
ly commended for her work. As the
oncers for the term had not been
elected officers were chosen and duly
Installed by the deputy. There were
llresent Mr?. Kate Cassity. Miss Carr.
Mrs. i^malley and quite a number of
visitors from Haywards. After the
meeting there was a banquet, at which
Mtss Alice Dougherty proved a charm
ing* hostess and delivered a very pleas
!fig address to the Native Sons, who
were special guests, thanking them for
their efforts in placing the parlor on a
tirm basis again.
The funeral of Miss Rose Kelley. one
of the' members of Las Lomas Parlor,
who passed away last week at the
family home, Woodside, San Mateo
County, the place of her birthr was
conducted by the members of the par
lor at that place and also at Menlo,
"th« place of -interment. There were
present a number of the members of
Bonita and Sans Souci parlors. The
impressive and solemn services of the
.order was by the officers of Las Lomas
and* was held In obedience to a wish
of Miss Kelley. expressed shortly be
fore rhe died. Miss Kelley was one of
lii.e most popular members of the par-
Ion prior to her long illness and her
a licence will be sadly noted by her
tratefnal Bisters. '••>•'
Native Daughters.
Mrs. Alma I. Jensen, president of the
. California Assembly, will hold district
meetings and schools of instruction on
the following dates: At Auburn, April
1C; San Luis Obispo. 20th; and Lodi,
2£th. : On each of these occasions she
v^ill - be accompanied by prominent
members of the order and by the dep
uty president of each district.
' /Mission Rebekah Lodge had a very
* p.ieasant open meeting on the night of
the" fourth Saturday in March. The
Kopfamme of entertainment was
made- up of the following numbers:
J'iarto solo. Mrs. Pracy; recitations,
Miss Trowbridre, Miss Irma Lanzen,
Miss Lichte. Miss Gertrude Lanzen and
Miss Vaidolak; comic selections. Tom
.Irwfn; selections on the banjo, Profes-
BOf D. Mansfield, and vocal selections,
R. J. Lester. This affair was gotten
. up by M. J. Trowbridge. Minnie Pol
lock-and Alma Miller. After the enter
tainment there was dancing and the
"Wrving of a collation in the banquet
hall:. This lodge will have an enter
tainment and dance in Hinman's Hall,
Bt the Mission, Friday, April 22.
Mary G. Barnes. Anna Norman and*
JfTVnma Arrison have been elected del
egates to the next Rebekah assembly
•from .Mission Rebekah Lodge.
• Everything has not been running as
BjttOOthly in Jubilee R"bekah Lodge -as
u«u5il of late. Grand Master Baker has
•pivrn the lodge notice that unless the
spirit of insubordination is quell**d he
wilf be forced to adopt drastic meas
ures. •
'•¦This is the time when the lodges are
fleeting: delegates to the assembly, and
< onsiderable interest* is being taken in
ihe -matter.
"The funeral of the late treasurer of
the assembly, Mrs. Anna M. Leise. was
attended, by a very large number of
members of the order, to whom she
nad endeared herself during her official
farcer.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; SUNDAY. APRIL '3, 1904
ECHOES FROM THE
LODGE ROOM
18"Anna Held's manager, Florenz
Ziegteld Jr., has staged this produc
tion gloriously and with an eye to
artistic detail." which lifts it out of the
usual rut of those musical plays
¦which, while produced regardless of
expense, are ! for the most part so
many yards and yards of gorgeous
costumes and- bedizened clothes. No
more artistic setting could be Sciagiiied
than that of the first scene. Then
follows a moonlight scene by the lake
at the Chateau de Cotnplegne, the In
terior of the Grand Opera-house in
Paris, with the opera ball in progress,
a glade in the wood at Dauphlne and
a final magnificent tableau, showing
Napoleon's .-. ._ entrance into Paris.
Richepin's scenario, upon which Jo
seph W. Herbert has embroidered this
charming book, is to the effect that
there was once a great man in France
named Napoleon. '[ He fell in love with
Mile. Mars, a beautiful and virtuous
actress", . but : when his _ Minister,
Fouche, brought the t young- woman
before him she pleaded so eloquently
for the 1 pardon of her fiance, an of
ficer of the guard, that • Napoleon : not
only- pardoned . him. but made the
young, man sit on a garden bench be
side him while : Mile. Mars recited i for
their sole benefit the legend of The
Lion and the Mouse." -
"Tjcched by : his kindness and gal
lantry, the~ actress "was ¦ always loyal
to him .during ;the year " of his banish
ment -and was the j first : to Jwave » his
emblem : In the faces of his enemies on
the Jeve"; d f his ; return to Paris. w From
this scenario j Mr. 4 . Herbert has made a
play which, while" it possesses charm-
"llam'selle Napoleon," the new
piece in which Anna Held will be seen
here at the Columbia on Monday.
April 4. is one of the most artistic
productions of its kind that any na
tive composer and librettist has turned
out. A wen known writer has the fol
lowing to say:
INTERESTING PLAYS . - *
AT. THE THEATERS FOR
THE COMING WEEK
and that he would like to play Bene
dick and Petruchio."
I sprung. Shakespeare on the situa
tion then and the actor acknowledged
that "Shakespeare ia the real . thing 1 .
"when the old Baldwin w*s standing.
You had a very able critic on your paper
at that time— -Mr. Barnes."
I bowed gladly for Mr. Barnes.
"There was another on the Post,"
the actor recalled.
He smacked his lips naively over the
one joke of the Interviev that fol
lowed. It was toothsome enough, how
ever. "The Post man said of me," he
smiled. " *Mr. Byron dies in the first
act — 'tis well!* I shall never forget
that.' He was an awfully nice fellow,
too. Knew him welL Perhaps that
was why he said it."
Mr. Byron told me then that Mary
Mannering was the fairest actress he
had ever played with; that she is only
anxious for ail the people fn her com
pany to get their due prominence;
that stars are by no means atf like
this, and so on— you've heard it be
fore.
"Those were great theatrical times
in San Francisco," he decided then.
in the Byronic make-up. True, he had
glimmered but for a pale month. Fur
ther, was the actor not a nephew of
Ada Rehan. a son of Oliver Doud By
ron and Hattie Russell, and accepted
by the press as himself an - excellent
actor? The fault must be mine. I had
not found his subject. The duty of the
interviewer is to discover the possess
ing interest of the Interviewed. What
could Mr. Byron's be? Perhaps Shakes
peare? Somehow I did not think it
could be Ibsen. Perhaps, as ¦with Mr.
W. H. Crane, it might be sev?n-up! It
was not the endowed theater as with
Lackaye — who. however, can be scintil
lant over a broomstick. Fall?, Sam.
CcTIins* innocent hobby, could hardly
be Mr. Byron's. Ha! I would ask him
the story of his lite*
Without any particular enthusiasm,
however, Mr. Byron told me hf>w he
originally was J?oing to be a doctor.
"In fact I took the preliminary exam
inations for Yale. But the head mas
ter told? nay people that I was intended
to be an actor. He. practically de
cided the affair, In fact- But all my
unhappy family is on the stage"—
this with a little more than a not at
any time exactly anaemic compla
cency.
TWO STARS AND SCENE FROM A NEW PLAY.
ingly written lyrics, has strength, sin
cerity and seriousness as well.
"There are long scenes in 'Mam'selle
Napoleon* which are legitimate com- *
edy, almost drama at times, and the
delightful way in which Miss Held
played the role of Mile. Mars was ; a
revelation.
"To say that it was the best per
formance Miss Held has ever given
conveys no idea of the artistic charm
of her work. Dainty, feminine and de
mure, shfc played without a trace of
the cocotte."
Joseph Herbert plays a low comedy
part very cleverly; Arthur Laurence
makes an' excellent Napoleon: Henry
Bergman a capital Fouche, while little
Franz Ebert. the IiHiputian, is delight
fully droll as the callboy at the Come
die Francalse.
With all these good qualities en
hanced by so superb a setting- "Mam'
selle Napoleon" becomes an attraction
of the first class. It lifts native musi
cal comedy out of the ruck.
Mrs. Fiske will give us more Ibsen
this week at the Grand Opera-house
in the short play "A Doll's House."'
that will be put on in conjunction with
"A Bit of Old Chelsea", on - Friday and
Saturday nights and Saturday after- .
noon. "Divorcons." with "A Bit of Old
Chelsea," will be the bill from Monday
until Thursday evenings. '
¦ • * •
¦ Anna Held, as elsewhere proclaimed,
with beauties galore and Mons. Riche
ptn's "Mam'selle Napoleon,'" actively
Joseph Herberted for the American
stage., will be at the Columbia to-mor
row night.
• • •
Willie Collier's delightful farce "On
the Quiet" will be the Easter attrac-'
tion at the Alcazar.
• • •
*"Mr. Pickwick" still goes to the tune
of a lively success at the TivolL
• ' ¦ * - - • ¦ ¦
Fischer's will begin to-night the sec-,
ond week of "Kismet." that is being
largely enjoyed by the faithful.
• ~-.' * ¦ *
"McFadden's Flats" will be up . at
the California to-night. '
• ¦ ' *...-*
The Oroheuni will have a raft of good
thing3 this .week, including Blind Tom.
the negro': pianist, whose f eatS are "too
well known to require description; La
Belle Guerrero and . a couble of dancing ;
dervishes! named Omar, sub^headed as
."the human' top/' and Morgiana.
• * r " • ' ' ;•"*..
Hawley . and - Vass, comedians, head
line the .week's Chutes bill.
."",' •" • '•- * . " ;
The Central will have the old favor
ite "Around the World in Eighty Days".'
as • the week's attraction.
¦ . • - '.' •
The Alameda Lustspiel announces
another ; German performance at . toe
: Grace B. Hughes, the author of
"Sweet Jasmine," has asked for an In
junction to prevent the further presen
tation of "Sweet Kitty Bellairs." She
alleges* that David Belasco obtained
most of the plot and dialogue of "Sweet
Kitty Bellairs'* f rom ' "Sweet Jasmine."
Mr.SBela3co "disclaims any knowledge
bf either the play or its author.
Dustin Farnum of "Arizona" fame is
now playing the title role in "The Vir
ginian." The . play, according to re
ports, is highly successful.-
Louis James and Frederick Warde are
nearing the end of a successful tour
in "Alexander the Great" and a Shake
spearean repertoire.
On account of the remarkable suc
cess of his play, "By Right of Sword."
Ralph Stuart has canceled his Western
engagements to meet the demands of
the Eastern managers.
Henry Miller is to revive "Frederic
Le'maitre" at the Hudson Theater.
Clay Clement win soon retire from
the stage to his ranch in .Texas.
Creatore and his band are a late sen
sation* in Milwaukee.
. I. .
Melbourne Macdowell has recently
been presenting a condensed version of
"La Tosca" in vaudeville.
Robert Edeson has started on his
road tour in "Ranson's Folly."*
"Mrs- Wlggs of the Cabbage Patch"
has made a hit in Boston. »
Nance O*Neil is presenting Gracetti's
"Judith" in Boston this week, where
the clever Californian has been very
favorably* received.
Frederick Warde was affected with a
severe cold during his Chicago engage
ment that seriously hampered his work.
Maude Adams is playing to capacity
in "The Pretty Sister of Jose." Not
withstanding, the play does not seem
to- suit the popular fancy and Miss
Adams will probably substitute
"Quality Street," her last season's suc-
Nance O'Neil has been very well re
ceived in Xew England, where she is
using "Camiile" and "Hedda Gabler"
a3 her mediums. . *
Ibsen's "Rosmersholm'* will shortly
be presented for the first time in
America at the Princess Theater, Xew
YoHcVV: ;
• • •
Forbes Robertson, by invitation of
the English department of Harvard,
will Dresent "Hamlet" at* the uni
versity on April 5 and 6. This will
close his present season in this coun
try.
Mrs. Langtry has just closed her
present season and has sailed to Eng
land. Next season she will tour South
America and Australia.
NOTES OF XEW PLAYS
AVD GOSSIP A.VENT
WELXt K.VOWX PLAYERS
Columbia next Sunday evening, with
"Das Gpferlamm" a3 the programme.
It is a farce, of very amusing possibili
ties, and the German contingent will
doubtless flock to its support. \':fs. '*¦.
land? Ma+cr Andre Is, cf course, locked
upon here as a spy."
"You thi=Jt the play itself good?"
"Most assuredly. I think Clyde Fitch
in fcia way the biggest man in the
country," the actor testified. "He wrote
both 'Major Andre' and 'Her Own Way*
last season, and 'Her Own "Way* is un
questionably one of the successes of, the
year. And it has been an awful season
in New York, ril tell you," and then
Mr. Byrcn told ne. In the same neat
way in which his grease paints were
lined nz> at hf3 right, just what was
the matter with the American drazna.
Seme cf us have thought it was the
plays, some have thought it was a
brute public, some have thought it was
the decadence of the player. It turns
out. however, that iris none of these.
""What is the matter with the play3
to-day," the actor decided, "is the lack
cf stage direction. The stage manager
has net the power that ought to be
vested in his hands. This will illustrate
what I mean: I played once in a. drama
that the author staged. He collaborated
with ns all throughout the rehearsals.
Every point was mada exactly as it
was intended, with the result of a per
fect production. Then the author went
away. No more supervision. "What
happened? I suppose actors are weak,
and we drifted into careless ways. A
gesture would be interpolated here, and
somebody would put an 'Ah' there, and
so en until the whole thing got blurred."
""Where was your stage manager?"
. -Ah, that's it. He had not the power
in his hands to prevent the thing hap
pening. Suppose, now," Mr. Byron be
came earnest here, decorously slapping
the trunk at his side for emphasis,
"that the play had been in Richard
Mansfield's hands, for example. That
kind of thing could not occur' with
Mansfield, because he is always there
himself to Inck after every comer of
the performance."
"Is this caricaturing that you speak
of always in the nature of overdoing —
elaborating?" I Inquired.
Where the health of the A.merican
drama is concerned one cannot be too
curious!
The a«*tor insisted, with a little smack
of the lips, that he is prone to where
his p«?t theory is concerned: "Always.
We don't leave things out. It is never
omission. The effect, again, is some
thing like that of putting in
extra notes in a piece of music.
You know what that means. And
point after point Is lost by persons
hanging "n to a laugh, putting in an
'ah'.' that is not In the score, raising
hands that should be still. Look after
thes* 1 things and the drama would be
a different proposition from what it is
now."
"The virtue of an 'ah!' " I murmured,
then queried, doubtfully: "Do you
think, Jlr. Byron, that the endowed
theater would help the national
drama?"
Mr. Byron thought it might. He
further said that Mr. Carnegie had ex
pressed himself against the endowed
theater the other day. Also I was In
formed that this step on Carnegie's
part had called forth various opinions
from varioaa actors. And then Mr.
Byron had to go honeymooning with
Harriet. "He seized and donned a very
negligee sort of belt— considering the
rest of him— before going, with the
explanation: "Excuse me; thi3 Is not
a piece of apparel, you know. It is just
to get a laugh." He went to get It.
I had been blaming the brilliant per
sonality and parts of Mrs. Flake for the
unexpected apparent flatness of the
Byron country. Yet evidently that waa
not It. And yet, there was that clever
Hungarian, seemingly with both sturdy
brains and heart at his back. . Then
a^ain some one had since sensed a star
It -was the Arthur Byroa of "The
"¦£tubborr.hes3 of Geraldine" that ap
'" tailed to me, net the niocey-gnxnbin*
-husfc»ntl tn "Harriet's Honeymoon" —
ajitrhen I saw Mr. Byron last week. I
', had not then seen the latter. For
. Tvith "the girl from Butte," 3Ir. By
¦rcn's Hungarian Count in "The Stub
b^rrdess of Geraidine" lasts a good
¦deal longer than nacst cf the Fitch.
,ephem«»ra_ Then, the actor had blos
tfsmed fcr a brief day in stardom this
last season and I wondered why the
brevity. So, and therefore, I went to
ask all about it.
. _ ' Not to the star dressiT^-rootn this
time we were usherei Mr. Byron
¦stsub next doer but cne to the "Mar
.gares Ans!:r." — where I had last in
rervie-jred ef all persons Sam Collins —
tEara Collins, the little gentleman who
.'think* with his heels, in the '•ilar
par«t Ar^iin."; Arthur Byron two
" d<*.ors be low. The star truly Is a
rtrasge' bird. Just what particular
'ri£<? arid feather make him it is dif3
-cult to say. I would ask Mr. Byron
afeout it.
..-Orderly as a barracks was the ship
shape room in which we found our
selves. The actor, till, trim, erect.
stood at attention. He had already
"donned the impeccable summer garb
of th* first act cf "Harriet's Honey
mocn." In fact, there was a general
ready-for-the-fray air about things, ta
.me, who like to wander into the ty
wars and crossroads of chat, a little
disquieting. We seated ourselves af
trr a ChesterSeldian gre*:!:^ in an
•^fjuilat.era.1 triangle. Mr. Byron where
his immaculacy might be best kept
itch os in the mirror. He apolo
rized fthen for having to finish his left
.•eyebrow.
, . I began ty sayirig iio-w mnch I had
.liked the actcr*s Hungarian Count
and inquired where he had obtained
his accent
o . "You are kiri to remember it." he
assured me. "It is a part I Uked very
"And the accent?** I insisted. **Mis»
M-annerin* tcld me last year that you
had bad all kinds cf ccnpl^rent con
cerning it. including Invitations to Hun
- — :d visit real counts."
Mr. Eyron trailed not: 111 pleased.
. kre i a geometric black, curl into a
:nore correct angle and replied: "Oh
• .?s. That was so. I had forgotten.
t *ra» a tffpjnmat I met in Washirg
• on frcm Budapest. He wanted me
"o visit him.' I sxizzicse the accent
Tiade him homesick. I really went to
• <ome trouble about that. I went first
the schocl cf long-sages to
•tody. Then, curiously, I fell in with
?• ur ' cr five Eungarians and they
come to rehearsal to criticize
pie. They said the accent was too
. Genssa at first, then that it was too
•Italics — too soft. At last I got it ta
th c ir satisfaction."
And that is the history cf as fluent
and picturesque a bit of dialect work
. as I have h»ara. It mi^ht have been
made in Hungary. But where, oh
• here was the romantic and fiery gen
tft-naa that went with It? Not here.
my child, cot here. Probably with the
sailor hat of Harriet's honeymooning
.bu^band. Mr. Eyrtm had put on the
humdrum matter-of-factness cf the
Erst act that he row wore.
I asked then: "Were you In Saa
•"Francisco before last year, Mr. By
ron?'*
"I cjwned this theater in the old
•StocJraell company," he replied, '"play
ing for two cr three weeks. I also
played here with Miss Rehan, who is
an aunt of mine.**
"Ah! I remember.- I exclaimed
hopefully. "Tc-a are Ada Rehan's
nephew. Ton must have learned much
¦ from her." "
. "Weil, i v ave cet go n mj.fr
. v :"r as I should like to have been."
.Mr. Byrcn supplied. "I always -wished
eqcid have played with Aunt Ada.**
;'It Is delightful that she ecema to
ave qsfte recovered her old prestige
* -his season," I said.
• "She and Mr. Skinner played to $46.
«0 in three we^ks just lately," the
actor put It, "and In the old Daly re
. pertoir*.
• "Ah. Daly and Rehan. an Iruncrtal
coniunctlcn." I aaid; then dared in a
delightful lady's cause: "Miss Rehan
must be glad thousrh to show those
.penerocs folk who said that Daly gone
? Miss Rehaa could not play, their er
rorT*
"That was to ib«uru." Miss Rehan's
n? phew testified, "lly aunt had work
• «=d for practically twenty yean straight
. without resting at alL And she played
* ail- tf . thos« big things. Then came
Daly's death, then her mother's, then
h«r. brother's — he had been ill a long
tirr.* — aii4. when you lose & care it is
'*$ bad as the other thing. Then my
aunt herself fell IlL She was very HI
• far icce years. Then came a first un
fortunate pngagenient in a bad play.
/Swwt Nell of Old Drury.* But this
tas made. a new wctnan cf her.**
*Tni glad," I gaid, as enthusiastical
ly, as I dared, in the tppldity of the
•at'nf-Sphere. "TVhat a history is Miss
Rohan's!"
"Yes, she has played with most of
th<? rreat fOeB of the American stage —
Booth. Barrett. McCuHough— curious,"
he broke off. "how quaint people are
cbout the ages of actcrs. Because they
iiave seen you in leading parts when
they were fifteen, you must be eixty
tfhen they reach thirty!"*
. I laughed to recall the Lillian Rus
soC rumors and subscribed: "Fifty was
about the ycang?st any one seemed
•willing to grant Miss Russell when she
r.-a* here — though doubtless that was
partly to emphasize h*r aatonishir^
j-outhfulress. But I happen to know
* that the lady wes In '81 — to settle
a mooted question."
And now. how old is Ann?
"• *I wanted to ask you about 'Major
* Arstire' though, to be seriou3," I settled
(iiwa ap!n "Mrs. TVTiiffen told me
'ioout the play and could not under
stand. Just why It had failed." "Major
Acdre" was the medium, of Mr. By
nsn's brief starring adventure.
• The actor eyed the sleek, black head
and tall figure in the mirror before
him before replying that he, too. "was
sLirprised at the play's failure. I think
it was perhaps because it was all tears.
Then, acain — well. somebody .said
uonid you take ysth«itn Hale* to Ens-
Julia llar!«4e win revive "Ingomar*"
In \ t Pittsbnrg ' thi3 week, supported by_
Tyrone Power in the title role.
Constance Crawtey, whose Every
man in the Ben Greet production of
the old morality play was sot charm
ing, returns here shortly with Mel
bourne MacDo well, who wfllgive in.
May a season of Sardotr at the Grand
Opera-house.
"Mr. Pickwick** itself is worth see
ing and hearing. Its music ts bright
and catchy, though reminiscently. an«2
the authors have contrived an effect
ive little story from the Dickens book
in which one meets all of the immor
tal characters. Throughout, though.
the characters would have borne tak
ing a little more seriously. I mean by
their interpreters. After Webb's Pick
wick, good, if rather light of weight.
Brcwnlow's Jingle is the best bit of
work in the piece- i It Is well char
acterized and defined. Hartman.
again, is less fortunate than usual a3
Sam Weller. suggesting rather sorE?
Irish "broth of a boy** than the dapper
little Cockney of the book. But there
is plenty of entertainment fn the piece
that has to date mel with lively favor.
It should not be forgotten " that the
chorus Is three times better thas that
of any organization that comes to
town, and that ia comparison with*
"Silver Slippers** and things, "Mr.
Fickwick" as the Tivoli gives it 13
grand opera.
"The Beggar Student," MiGoecker's
charming, comic opera, will follow and
the Ttvoleans are giving their best to
It. Signor Rosso and Caro Roma will
reappear therein and the production
promises to be of sumptuous sort.
I heard that piquant little -person,
Dora de Fniippe. the Tivoli's new
soprano^ for the first tiyie the other
night, along wiih "Mr. Pickwick." On«
wonders, to begin with, where the small
lady r>uts all the voice that she brins3
into play. "Miss de FiKIppe i3 a dis
tinct acquisition to the Tivoli forces.
She not only sings welL but acts in
graceful and sprightly fashion. Qnt
nctes particularly her pretty hand play,
possibly a little obvious at times, but
always piquantly aprop*?s. Miss de
Fniippe has a useful niece in the ad
mirable company the Tivoli now owns,
and has already found a warm wel
come among its patrons.
"Mr. Pickwick* also introduces an
other Tivoli graduat- in Esther King,
who has made a highly promising de
but as Polly . Miss King has a valuable
voice, round mezzo soprano in quality
and of good range, she sings with
considerable style and feeling and
shows evidence . of careful training.
The young woman is fortunate also in
beins: more than commonly pretty and
has a modest and pleasing personality.
The closing number of th*» programme.
Saint-Saens* piano quartet in B Cat.
introduced the pianist of the organiza
tion. Miss Frances Rock. Quite why
Miss Rock should have been chosen I
cannot decide. It is true she i3 there on
time, has a vigorous technique and
powerful tone. But the latter i3 hard
and unbeautiful and the pianist is
largely wanting- in genuine ensemble
sympathy. "Without the judgment of
Mrs. Oscar Mansfeldt. who wisely cages
the excessive siano values with the lid
of the instrument. Miss Rock dom
inated tfee quartet to the extent of dis
torting its whole dynamic scheme.
That, however, is a mistake made by
much greater pianists than Miss Rock.
The Greig sonata as given by Sig
mund Bee! and Fanny BloomSeld Zei3
fcr was colossally funny in this direc
tion. I have heard Miss Rock in sub
stantial solo work, not very musical,
but solid and sincere, and it would be
wiser fcr her to confine herself to this
medium.
"Among those present.** as our so
crety editor says, was that old hero,
Wenzel Kcpta, come to pay hi3 respect3
to his confreres of the rival quartet
from a bed In the hospital!
As a whole, perhaps, the performance
was ratter nervous and sketchy, trac
its many effective moments demon
strated the inherent ensemble virtues
of the quartet. The Bazzini string
quartet in D minor opened the pro
gramme, the Mozartean flavor of the
work, very nicely in evidence ia its ren
dering. Finish, of coarse, was Laekin,.
but there was style, fervor and
sympathy in the handling of the
charming' composition. Quite at its
best was the quartet in the Dvorak
Lento, -with its iangorouaiy graceful
movement. Mr. Trainer's viola did
excellent service here and the whole
reading and treatment were fun of
musicianry feeling. The Raff "Sehr
Lustig. moeglich Rasch~ (D minor
quartet, op-. 77> fared not so well at
the hands of the. players. Its . merry
steeplechasing was o'erxnuch for the
new association. Mr. Weiss, astride
hi3 'cello, was later over the fences
than the leader, and all showed a dis
position to "gang their ain gait.™ But
that, of course, is a matter of rehear
sals.
The new Minetti string- quartet made
It3 debut last week at Lyric Hall with
considerable success. Its constitution
this year is unusually fortunate. Mr.
MInetti's confreres feeing Edward Lada
at the second violin, Charles Trainor at
the viola and Arthur Weiss as "cellist.
For Mr. Trainer's viola one is in par
ticular grateful." Time and arvin dur
ing the concert one was compelled tr»
pleasurable recognition of his fine toa«
and intelligent phrase. Mr. Weiss, too.
is always capable, and Mr. Lada prov
ed himself a commendable second tt»
Mr. Minetti. The leader's own violin,
by the way, waa in somewhat scratchy
temper.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; APRIL 3, 1904.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSlC FOLK
19soon , recognized social -leaders at' the
beach.'- This ifame'.of their,' hospitality
spread ¦ to LosVAngeles and Pasadena,
to • Santa : Monica . and ' Long Beach: ':¦¦ It
has '¦ reached ; even ; to San • Francisco.
Young menij have, '\ come; to. appreciate,
the honbr"(t>f ah invitation to any meet
ing 'of Shirt^Wals't Club. V^ - ii'r'\
:. "The 1 club gives all sorts of excursions
wi th ; chaperons, ; to ¦ be sure. -The : races
and various other attractions rare sure
of visits from ;the organization; which is
always • attended by/? any..; number of,
admiring [guests-rthej young 'rrien who^
belpng? to 'the smart, sets of ¦ Southern^
California: .. ¦,¦'¦¦:..'.'.} '.? U.l. - \i' •
V"The idea of the shirt,walst;club orlg-'
Inated Cwith' Miss ; Lillian ; Shemwell j and
the organization was started , in Febru
ary 1 ,: 1903. . The members 'were:.
Miss -': Shemwell, ;- Miss Shemwell,^
Misb 5 Carolyn 'Shemwell,' Miss' ; Edna.
;King, Miss-, Helen5King,->Mrs.v Charles
Groesbeck,, Miss Hazel. Tomlin,' Misses
Alice and Ruth Robinson, Miss Grace
Snow,' Miss Nonie Adams ; and ' Miss
Nina/Adams. The club has grown in
a year, however, despite , the fact that
marriage has taken away several of the
most attractive oMhe members. .;¦ When
a member's i engagement -is. announced
or a'.Weddlng day. 7 is set, the, club takes
an^ Interest in. all the' preparations for
the bride's new .home. Showers of, ell
sorts are given. -so that ilong before the
.wedding day there have been collected
enough ¦ linen, '. bric-a-brac and i kitchen
utensils to . furnish several ',_' houses.
Of -course there \ are , \ teas, ¦ ; luncheons,
matinee , parties * and gayetles enough
to ; set. any one's headawhlrl. . . ; ¦
J- "Most of . the members of i the " Shirt
Waist, Club are prominent^in, Los An
geles sdciety and' not^ a-. few are' belles
from Eastern cities. ; and it , is > no .won
der ; thatj Ocean Park attracts ; a major-'
ity of ; the bachelors 4 who come ¦ to spend
the winter In Southern California. The
floor were attractive with potted plants,
huckleberry vines and blossoms. There
ha3 been" a pleasant informality about
Mrs. Mentz's at homes, invitations hav
ing been extended over the telephone.
Among the callers of last week were:
Mrs. William Anderson, Mrs. Charles
Brown, Dr. Jane Bowen, Mrs. John
Bremer, Mrs. William Buckingham,
Miss . Elizabeth Bender, Mrs. Arthur
Cornwall, Mrs. Aylet R. Cotton. T. H.
Craig, P.' T. Cofer. Mrs.^George A.
Fclsom, 'Mrs. Norman Goodwin, Miss
Edythe Gordan, Mrs. .Lewis A. Hay
ward, Mrs. George Johnson, Mrs.
Charles * Mason 1 Kinne, Mrs."; Albert E.
Lee,- Miss Lee. Mrs. J.: S..- Lindsay,': Mrs.
Lenfesty,- Mrs. and Miss Lansdorf,
Mrs. - Charles . W. ; Morris,,' Mrs; ..Wash
ington T. Marion, Mrs. Moultaa, Mrs.
William J. Mentz Jr., , Mrs. James Orr.
Mrs,. Cyrus* Ryder. Miss Florence
Ryder." Miss ;Ll Roberts, Mrs.' "Andrew
Smith. Miss Alma Smith, Mrs. Stadfeld
Jr.. Mrs., Robert Vail 'and Miss Vail.
- FIVE; WARM ING BELLES WHO SOON WILL WED.
their home, 1831 Vallejo 'street, to
morrow, from 3 to'6. '
Have you heard 'of the, Shirt -Waist
Club of Ocean Park, Southern Califor
nia? It's composed of .the; younger—
therefore! theenthusiastic-^part of the
smart set," and the blaw 'struck by
these clever- maidens at ostentatious
dress (now, madam, your pardon; 1 no
personalities,' I -assure -you), ."for. they
have pledged themselves to fun,'.* free- !
dom, comfort and beauty.- Clever?
Yes, and brave. V Here's their story:
"Ocean Park's* most exclusive, girls
are not, worrying about 1 the .style -of
corsage they will wear at the Easter
balls. - They are not studying decollete
bodices or V-shaped 'surplices. .They
belong to the Shirt ¦"/Waist?" Club :and
they'jieed take no tho'ught for the mor
row's toilet. If- the- laundry • does [ a
first-class , piece - of | work there is no
cause for anxiety, except In the | matter
of choosing, the/very latest; thing in
stock or the very newest - creation In
belts. ; *>.' ! V- ¦¦- , •-¦ • '''.I * ; •
"When- the social set ; of Ocean ; Park
first made itself -felt by ,£uilding one
of the best of. the Southern California
country clubs the : Shirt Waist Club
was organized.' 1 /: The. /courts,
Which were attracting all the fine play
ers on the coast, made i the..comfort
able shirt waist' costumes necessary, for
athletics. -Why jwas* it" not' suitable for
indoor wear? Some of Jthe pretty Tgirls
dared to' danced in the' severe 'gowns
they p .^ on i for; their
Then it'was' decided Uo« form ;tm?i Shirt
Waist Club. :v. The V«*bjects : : of* theVclub
Included : afternoon ;• entertainments, , oc
casional dancing;: parties/- chafing dish
suppers i and other, up-to-date * amuse
ments. .The -fourteen : members '» were
tor," but owing to his popularity an<
skill the • Melbourne authorities hav<
never enforced this law against Merrill
Mrs. Phebe Hearst -is now in New
York and will very shortly leave for
this city.
• • *
The Misses Morrison of San Jose left
Monday night for an extended Eastern
trip and later will go abroad.
Baron and Baroness von'Horst, who,
by the way, will soon bid San Fran
cisco, adieu, t gave a delightful theater
party and supper at the St. Francis
Monday night. The guests were: Mrs.
H. E. Huntlngton, Miss Huntington.
Miss Herrin, Miss Fern. Mrs. J. Mal
colm Henry. Miss Louise Whitney of
Santa Barbara, Howard Huntlngton,
Philip Paschel, Mr. Voorhies, Mr. Dun
bar, Emerson Warfleld and Walter G.
Ross.
• • •
Mrs. Charles H. Mentz held the last
of her pleasant "at homes" last Friday
afternoon at her home on Washington
street. - The hall and rooms oh the lower
• Easter is universally recognized as
tile day of redemption for the Chris
tian world, but it really has acquired a
distinctive meaning during the last
¦ fen' hundred years — it has come to
mean the redemption of the bachelor,
JiRewjse his feminine prototype, from
the desert wastes of lovelcssness.
If you doubt it, a chit with that
« zar of lovers, tlvc license man, will
tell you that at this season of the year
he does a land office business — and if
you are on good terms with him, he'll
tell you a few more interesting things
about the intrepid ones who have de
termined with fine courage to launch
forth in little barks built for two.
They come from various conditions
of life, with varying impelling^: some
for love and some for lucre, some for
nothing in particular but a desire for
shelter, and some women for the mere
novelty of bearing the title of madame
before their nomenclature.
Of all these the most interesting are
the weddings prompted by the loves
of man anrl maid — and the most al
luring those of the blest children of
prosperous parents.
Here are the gems of the highest
jt\motion of man set with the allure
ments of brave trapping. What is a
prettier scene than a lovely maid,
white-robed and veiled even as - the
.mist, treading the cloistered aisle on
the arm of the chosen one, foTJowed
by Jier maids and matrons and all the
•gay array of bridal folk? What, in
" deed! And prettier still, if in her eye
a bright tear glitters .while her rosy
lips are sweetly smiling.
# When — when has the smart set suf
fered bucIi inroads into its ranks as
it has in the past quarter? There's
pretty Mirs Anna Mae Burdge. who is
to wed Bernard Pacheco Miller; Miss
Eleanor Eckart, who will become the
bride of Hugh Hume on the morrow;
Mis>s Helen Bailey, who has promised
her hand to a handsome Gothamfte;"
Miss Florence Harris, who on the 6th
' will become Mrs. Ernest Stent; and
. Miss Ethel Kent, who will wed Lieu
• tenant Gilbert Allen, U. S.A.
Now, that doesn't by any means ex
haust the calendar of pretty Easter
brides of the smart set, and the page
isn't big enough to hold even an agate
roster of them." But here's u> them
that's here, and to them that's not.
'May they all be the same rapturous
iovers at next Eastertide, yes, and the
next, for. know ye, blessed children,
that divorce isn't so pretty a thing as
it used to be before the gospel ox
pounders have turned so fierce a light
Philanthropy is abroad in the land'
—and know yet that It is intelligent
charity that prevails to-day. It is lit
tle children that seem to appeal most
iu this time, though of course the
Christian worker is weeding away in
the Master's vineyard, and. working
as never before. . Among the Chris
tian workers are the Women of the
Cathedral Mission of the Good Samar
itan, who have planned a fete for
April 11 at Lyric Hall, when a de
lightful programme will be presented,
for the purpose of providing a dispen
sary and a kitchen for the little wards
of the neighborhood. Herewith are a
few of the attractions:
Brahms' waltzes will be sung by
Mrs. B. G. Lathrbp, Miss .Wheeler, Ed
gar Mills and Willard Young. An or
chestra will furnish the accompani
ment. Teunyson's" "Dream of Fair
Women" will be given, the poem' be
ing recited by Mrs. Coryeil, while the
tableaux will be charniingly represent
ed by a number of society 'maidens.
The patrons" through whom tickets
may be procured are Mrs. S. L. Ab
bot Jr., 2116 Pierce street; Mrs. Hen
ry F. Allen. 2S00 Jackson street; Mrs.
Harry Babcock, Scott and Vallejo
streets; Mrs. Richard Bayne; Mrs. E.
S. Breyfogle, Palace Hotel; Mrs. Phil
lip Caduc, Bella Vista ¦ Hotel; Mrs.
Horace B. Chase; Mrs. "CVilliam B.
Collier, 2509 .Pacific avenue; Mrs. Jo
seph Coryeil, Menlo Park; Miss E. B.
Garber; Mrs. R. D. Girvin, 2293 Sac
ramento street; Mrs. V R. C. Harrison.
919 Pine street; Mrs. W. I. Kip, Hotel
Richalieu; Mrs. J. C. Kettle, 2513
Broadway; ''Mrs. ,B. G. Lathrop, 1917
Pacific avenue; Mrs. Milton S. La
tham, 1104 Post street; Mrs. P. McG.
McBean, 1935 Pacific avenue; Mrs.
George A. Pope. Pacific avenue and
Devisadero street; Mrs. Lawrence
Poole, 1726 Broadway; Mrs. William
H. Taylor. 2701 California street; Wil
liam Alvord.'H. F. Allen, Harry Bab
cock, Edgar Mills, Dn' Hjfrry Tevis.
James D. Phelan.
Again to your plethoric purse, "for
there Is the Nursery for Homeless
Children calling: The. little tykes
within need a home that will meet
their baby requirements and In order
to get it the good women who guide
its destinies have planned a card par-
Uty. Now, that's a noble scheme.
Where is she. or he, for that matter,
who doesn't enjoy "a. card 'game, just
an ordinary affair - that passes the
hours? but here is a card game that
is Californian in proportions — about
2000 are to-be prepared .for and \ of
course 2000 and 200 will ' be there;
Californian. In ¦ enthusiasm and Cali
fornian in its nobility of purpose. '
On April 7, 8 p. m., at Native Sons'
Hall, that great' game; will be played.
Now you're going? And such a smart
affair, too! -.-¦'..
The Tom Magees are soon to Join
the Burlingame-San Mateo colony and
they are looking for an . attractive
place. Mr. Magee is a clever poloist
and is searching for a place where he
can spend the next two polo ( seasons.
The Magees will be an addition to the
Burlingame set,' in which' they are
both -popular. Mrs. Magee is one of
the most dashing and attractive young
matrons in society; She is always
charmingly gowned and like her bos
o.m friend, Mrs. Joe Tobin,- knows well
the art of wearing handsome clothes.
By the wa*y, has Mrs. Joe ever looked
so lovely in her smart frocks as now?
She bears all the earmarks of a New
port matron. Now. that's saying
something, don't you knowi? r
On Saturday last Mrs. Alexander Da
vidson gave an "interstate" tea at her
New York residence in West Fifty
sixth street, In honor of Miss Margaret
Pugh of Nashville, Tenn., and Miss
Joan Hadenfeldt of San Francisco,
though the invited guests, numbering
over a hundred, were gathered from
nearly every State In the Union, those
chiefly honored being Californians.
The drawing-rooms were beautifully
decorated in tulips, white and red.
Punch was served by Miss G. Hart
well of Danbury, Conn., while the tea
tray was" presided over by Mrs. R.
Wildman'of Boston. -Mrs. A. Lippln
cott.and Charles Lanham, from the
South, sang, with H. R. Baker of Chi
cago as accompanist. • Louis -Bloom
berg played the 'cello and Miss R. Mac-
Kenzie of Washington, accompanied by
Mme. Ohrstrom Renard, sang. Scotch
ballads.
Among the Californians present were:
Miss Reed Hutchings, Miss I. Thomp
son, E. E.' Morgan and. Harry Kirby of
San Francisco and Mrs. J. Hearbt and
Mr. and Mrs. George Lockhard of Los
Angeles.
Mrs. John n. Van Nagell, who has
baen- visiting her brother. Dr. Manning,
of this city, has returned to her home
at Tago Pago.
• •-¦:'•
Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Clifton 1 and fam
ily, who for a long < term have made
their home at the Vendome Hotel, San
Jose, leave California next 'week for
Canada', en route for ' England. Mr.
Clifton Is a man of means and quite a
noted traveler. |
Mrs. F. W. Croudace and Miss Elinor
Croudace will giye an Easter tea at
Mrs. H. A. Taussig of Fulton street,
who had made all arrangements for a
trip . to^ Japan when the * outbreak of
war frustrated her plans', will,' with Mr.
Taussig,' leave • San * Francisco • early in
April for an extended trip to New York,'
which may be further extended by a
Jaunt to London. In the spring of next
year they" hope to: include "the. Japan
trip in their itinerary. * During their
absence in ! the East 'Mrs; Taussig ' per
mitted; her beautiful . stud*o; in>this
city to be ; occupied by. a; number of
fellow' members of the Sketch Club:
active members this year are: Miss
Shemwell. Misses Nina and Nonie
Adams. Misses Alice and Ruth Robin
son, Miss Beatrice Moorehead, Miss
Bess Shemwell. Miss Ethel Fraser, Miss
Abbie Fletcher, Miss Carolyn Shemwell.
Miss, Hazel Tomlin, Misses «Elma and
Ruth French, Miss Grace Carr, Mrs.
Charles Groesbeck, Mrs. Alexander B.
Barrett, Mrs. Maxson, Miss Elsie Holi
day, Miss Grace Lavayea, Miss Mcln
tyre and Mrs. Charles Potwin." --J, "¦..:.
Blessings on you. girls. May you
persevere In a noble cause! That>
what It is, and so is any blow admin
istered feminine extravagance.
Mrs. William C. Bush is visiting her
sister,- Mrs. Paxton, on Clay street. She
means shortly to enter the literary lists
by publishing an account of her recent
visit to Honolulu, Tahiti and Samoa,
during which, with her niece. Miss Pax
ton, she made a series of excursions
far removed from the beaten track of
tourists. .
• • •
Charles Temperley, who, with hla
wife, will arrive In San Francisco by
the Ventura, is manager of the Millar?.
Karri & Jarrah Company, the largest
hardwood company in the world, hav
ing its headquarters In Western Aus
tralia. While in California Mr. Tem
perley will devote much of his attention
to the timber Industry of this State be
fore returning to his home in England.
The Spinners' Club will hold an' art
day on April 26. at which the various
members will exhibit their pictures and
whereat Miss Agnes Murphy of London,
at the request of the committee, will
give an informal talk on artists and
studios she has known in London,
Paris, Italy, America and New Zealand.
Dr. A. P. Merrill, who returns to San
Francisco next month from Melbourne.
Australia, is an American who has
fought his way to the very head of
his profession In the commonwealth.
In Australia, as in England, dentists
are not allowed to use the title "doc-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY,- A^RIL 3, cWOi:
"AT EASTER-TIDE THE WORLD IS GLAD
AND WEDDING BELLS RING CAY."
20• On being Informed of the impending
divorce of his eon, Andrew B. Me-
fk)y They Do Not Know Cause of the
Trouble Between Couple. ; / ;
RELATIVES ARK RETICENT.
WATSONVILLE, April ,2.— At a
meeting of the Pajaro Valley Orchard
ists* Association' held this afternoon
it was unanimously decided , to con
tinue the, codlin moth investigation in
this vicinity, during; the coming sea
son. -The necessary funds will be
raised among the orchardists by sub
scription, as county . funds are not
available at the present time. Pro
fessor W. T. Clarke of the University
of California was . present and / ad
dressed the meeting, outlining a plan
of campaign. He stated tha.t the.cli
matic conditions of ¦ the Pajaro fruit
section are different from' any in the
worlfl. and. that therefore the codlin
moth is' harder, to combat here. .He
Is confident of; the successful outcome
of the campaicn. . .
Fruit Growers of the Pajaro Valley
Decide to Continue the Campaign
Against the Pest.
ORCHARDISTS VOTE FUNDS j
TO FIGHT CODLIN M OTH
"I do not know what the grounds for
divorce are, but I am told that my
niece ls in , the right. Mrs. McCreery
is about 28 years of age and worth more
than J2.000.000." . ¦ / *
"Mr. and Mrs. McCreery have one
child, a boy of 4 years. The child was
retained by Mrs. McCreery when she
and her husband separated two years
ago. After their separation Mrs. Mc-
Creery went to Paris and lived there
a while. Recently she returned to New
York.
"I understand mv^ daughter-in-law is
about to sue my son Richard for di
vorce. Richard left this city on the
28th of last March. He Is the defend
ant in the case. That ls all I have to
say, gentlemen. There is the door."
Upon being asked for further infor
mation, the father refused to answer
any questions.
William L Kip, an uncle of Mrs.
Richard McCreery, when interviewed
last night on the subject of his niece's
suit for divorce said: "I knew that
my niece was going to bring a suit for
divorce- She and her husband have not
lived together for two years. Just what
was the trouble between them I have
never learned. I hear from her but
once In a great while, and then Indi
rectly.
Creery summoned his clerks together
yesterday afternoon and asked them if
they were aware of .the fact that Rich
ard and his wife had not been as con
genial to one another as they should
be. The clerks acknowledged that they
had heard a story to that effect, where
upon McCreery said: ¦¦ •£*.*
"The transport of troops lover, the Si
berian \ and Manchurian
worked without 'a hitch except for a
six hours* stoppage caused • by a colli
sion. \ Men, /guns, 'ammunition, equip
ment and provisions have gone forward
with" clockwork regularity/ The 'sketches
of scenes along the rou ite appearing ' hi
English : newspapers'- are ludicrous/
jcv'.'The pictures of encounters' with" Chi
nese bandits along the line, with broken
ranks,' tangles of telegraph "wires, pros
trate poles < arid Cossacks "galloping
with ( what; look like. miniature search
lights , all .belong to the realm < of (fancy.
I do not'.- know, of a single'. interruption
due to Chinese .' bandits. The • peace '¦ of
lhe r line* Is "assured by. more practical, 5
/The, [Grand Duke Sergius_ to-day
witnessed a -.-.very?"' successful J trial of
quick-firing guns atrthe Pdokof works.
/ Gilchrist,' the Scotch engineer who re
paired the /Russian - warships at' Port
Arthur, has arrived here. He left Port
Arthur under a solemn pledge not to
reveal anything about his experiences
there, and therefore declines to . talk.,
'( A letter received from .Vladivostok
contains : some harrowing ¦ details of the
bombardment. ' A shell^entered a la
borer's house ' and. literally tore" a
woman in halves. /
.General Levaskoff, director of mili
tary ! communication' 'of the general
staff, in an interview gives interesting
facts about ' the Russian ' line of com
munication.' He says:- /.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 2.— The
Emperor and all the members of the
Imperial family last night attended a
concert given. by the massed bands of
St. Petersburg. This was the first time
the Emperor had been inside a. theater
since the declaration of war. His en
trance, created intense enthusiasm.
Three times the national anthem - was
sung by the audience standing, arid it
was repeated nine . times ; during ' the
evening. The Emperor gave watches to
four soloists.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— The Navy
Department has • Issued an order di
recting the organization of a marine
guard of twenty men for duty in the
Midway Islands to preserve order and
protect. property. The guard will be
under . commapd of Second Lieuten
ant C. S. Owens. *
Guard for Midway Islands.
The McCreery-Kip wedding at Grace
Church on April 18, 1894, was a bril
liant affair. The bride was the only
daughter of Colonel and Mrs. Law
rence Kip. Mrs. McCreery is a grand
daughter of the late Bishop Kip of
California. Her mother was a sister
pi the late Pierre Lorillard.
McCreery is a son of Andrew Mc-
Creery, who made a large fortune in
California. Mrs. Andrew McCreery
was a noted beauty, whose charms
were heralded in the principal cities
of Europe. One of her sisters became
the wife of Justice Field of the Su
preme Court and another was married
to Condit Smith. Most of the time
since her marriage Mrs. Richard Mc-
Creery has been In Europe. At New
port it has been whispered that the
domestic relations of Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Creery were not harmonious. Later
there was talk of a reconciliation.
Since the death 'of her parents Mrs.
McCreery has Inherited a fortune esti
mated at several million dollars. Her
husband Is also very wealthy.
NEW YORK. April 2.— Judge Gll
dersleeve has made, an order directing
Attorney Cantlne to take testimony in
what counsel says is "merely a
friendly partition suit" between Rfch
ard S. McCreery and his wife. About
a year ago The Call published a story
of the strained relations existing be
tween the couple. A commission haa
been appointed to take testimony in
San Francisco and e\*ery effort has
been made to keep the matter secret.
McCreery's whereabouts and that of
Mrs. McCreery are said to be unknown
to the attorneys interested in the case.
Crucial Dispatch to Th» Call.
Attorneys Say Litigation
Commenced in New York
Is of Friendly Character
SECRECY VEILS
M'CREERY SUIT
ARMORED CABS
PROTECT RUSSIAN
ENGINE CREWS
IRKUTSK, April 2.— Use of the rail
road across Lake Baikal has ceased Jn
consequence of . the breaking ,up of : the
ice. Its assistance to. the Government
In the transportation of • supplies has
been incalculable. As- an indication . of
•its it Is said that between
March 2 j and March 28 there passed
over It 1682 freight cars, .673 troop cars,
twenty-five passenger*coaches carrying
officers and sixty-five locomotives. The
cost of the Ice road was $250,000. Men
are now tearing up the. track. ' '
The speech of the Viceroy of India,
Lord Curzon of Kedleston, on March
30, ; at Calcutta, when he reviewed the
last . five years of Indian administra
tion and referred to the Government's
watchful policy, attracts more atten
tion than Colonel Macdonald's victory
in Tibet. It was considered to have
been especially inopportune Just at a
time when English baiting In Russia
is decreasing, as it -tends to revive
animosity; but, coming from Lord Cur
zon, . the words carry less weight per
haps than they would from other quar
ters, as he is looked upon as having
his own special, policy for India, as
Cecil Rhodes had for South Africa.
The Bourse Gazette . In an editorial
entitled "A Voice From India" says:
"All of Lord Curzon's speeches have
the .fundamental idea of the shadow
ef Russia^ on . the Indian frontier. Lord
Ourzon says, 'We do not want Tibet,
but no other country shall have It."
Lord Dufferin said the same thing
about Nepaul, Burmah, and Kashmir.
British arms have already . carried
death ; into Tibet, which is part of the
Chinese empire. The purpose is to take
Tibet and run a railroad through China,
In -order, to better, place troops 'there
quickly/ We wc-hder how France, .in
view of the projected Anglo-French en-
though perhaps less poetic, means thaa
depicted In the papers. For example,
take the case of armored trains. We
discussed the ' subject and decided
against them. The conditions did not
call for them. The line runs through
territory held by our troops. There may
be a few robber bands, but there are
no Japanese, at least. The only things
of . the kind Introduced are - armored
cabs for the engine drivers to protect
them from stray bullets. There will be
no difficulty over the Impending stop
page of the ice railroad across Lake
Baikal. The lake generally is free from
ice about the middle of May, but long
before that "time the ice-breakers will
have cut a channel and ferries will be
running regularly.
"Now that the lea railroad has ac
complished Its mission I will tell you
the secret of its origin. It never was
intended to convey men. but only roll
ing stock, engines and rails for tho
Manchurian line. This it has success
fully achieved."
A Toklo dispatch received here re
porting the members of the United
States legation . there as making enthu
siastic speeches on the occasion of the
Perry banquet given In Tokio on March
31 arouses much comment here, in view
of President Roosevelt's proclamation
enjoining the strictest neutrality of
word- and "speech .on the part of all
Government officials.
ODESSA, April , 2.— Before proceed
ing for Sebastopol with the . survivors
of I the wrecked Russian war vessels
Varlag and Koreitz, Captain Stepanofr
made a statement t.o the press regard
ing 'the United States- gunboat Vicks
burg incident at Chemulpo. He said:
':'/ "All /the "time' the "Vicksburgi was
stationed at- Chemulpo her ¦• captain
held ¦ aloof. He took no. part in the
conference j ot i protest preceding ¦ the
fight, . for ' the ' reason that he was not
Invited to; do so. \. After the "fight;, like
the Mothers, « he sent a surgeon with a
boat to the rescue. regards his'nbt
taking '¦' Russian seamen h aboard ¦ the
Vlcksburg, '. this ?was ; unnecessaryt ; and
it. is more than probable that Captain
Rudineff , commanding the Varlag, did
riot ask 'it.'.' •;
/ The celebration inhonor of the surr
vivors from i the "'. Variag ;.'¦ and Koreitz
was ; concluded ?. to-day/ with /a : ; great
banquet i toHhe .officers j of the ; ships ' in
the City Hall and to the'seameh'inthe
barracks. ' ;At v i the f conclusion V of i the
banquet ;the guests/wire^ escorted -by
bands (and: cheering^ multitude aboard'
the ; steamship'V Nicholas,%which sailed
thl«' afternoon' for. Sebastopol ! •
VIENNA, April 2.— According to re
ports from Odessa, the Cossacks of the
Caucasus .have been transported .with
their, horses to the Far/ East in' great
numbers. ; • It : is said that General.Ku
ropatk^n intends to use these celebrat
ed horsemen as the .-."." nucleus around
which to. build . flying columns... The
Cossacks'of Siberia are represented as
making even a less favorable ; showing
than was- expected and 'the Russian
commander in chief ; wishes: to give
them- proper ."leadership..
Military, opinion in Vienna- Is "to the
effect that the Russians are entering
Manchuria in larger numbers , than
the Japanese appear to bejieve.-; Much
further delay ,'; will j so far" lidvance the
Muscovite deployment scheme and de
fensive' works : that the Japanese army
will be confronted by a 'desperate task.
¦ PARIS, .Aprils 3.— According to j a- St.
: Petersburg correspondent ( of the Echo
de-Paris,: work is carried on nlght : and
day at KrQnstadt In order; to ; prepare,
a fleet to "- leave ', there at the end of
July or $he beginning of ; August for a
war port: ini : the Far: East, which is
expected .to ; be ¦ free "from ice in three
weeks. i '¦'/ : - /¦;-'.¦'- ¦""¦¦- v :
/The Matin's a St. m Petersburg corre
spondent: says the Russians -held the
presence, of the Chinese troops under
General "Ma on the Manchurian j f ron
'tier to be a menace 'to «. their rear and
good ground ; for .belief "that there is
connivance ' between the Chinese and
the Japanese.: -Prince .Chi, f Chinese
Minister .;in : St. Petersburg,, says the
Chinese foriUhejManchurian border are
there to. enforce ' the J observance of
neutrality. ' / .
" BERLIN, April 3.— One hundred
thousa'rid men- arid 6000 .horses, besides
considerable^ artillery, have crossed
Lake ' Baikal fpince \ the , outbreak of i the
war, according to .the.Tageblatt's mili
tary expert. Writing from Lake Baikal
under date of March 19 he says ; he
found that .the "authorities - had done
everything.' imaginable for .the comfort
of the ¦ soldiers on; the 'railway ; and the
lake, • and that i the ;' railway equipment
was admirable. : All - 1 the bridges : are ;of
steel,'. wlth' : stone -abutments,' and are
carefully guarded. '/
A Japanese >^yho _ .was arrested/ at
Omsk on MArch' 9 had in' his possession
a plan of : the bridge, there.
,7-The^correspondent' /says ' he y is - In
formed . that the '_, infantry ; leaves ¦-. the
trains* at "noon "daily.beyojid Baikal and
Is ' marched \ alons jthe ; road J until
taken' by, the train following, thus
partly.- < overcoming; / the /''difficulties
caused -by Hhe : ; Insufficiency of £ rolling
stock; and " at - the 'same ' time- securing
a' patrolling • of the roadway.^The^ Cos-'
sacks, ¦' heladds/i are /allowed i'tp^march
every 'third tor fourth/day for similar
reasons and -to rest 'their "horses.
Belmont has a hard task ahea'd of
him. He must succeed In Inducing
Leader Murphy of Tammany to with
draw his opposition to Judge Parker.
The Southern Democrats whom Bel
mont saw In Washington Insisted that
there must be unity in the Democratic
ranks in New York State and that they
must have # definite assurances that
Tammany • is a sincere party to the
Parker deal before they would go Into
It. The Southern and Western Demo
crats are willing to take either Parker
or Gorman. They would take anybody
to shut out Hearst. But they, would
lend hearty support to either Parker or
Gorman if either one j could get the
united backing of the New York De
mocracy. Belmont was* told in:, the
course of the conference held hefVthat
Parker was a greater favorite at this
time among the Southern and Western
Democrats than Gorman,, and that it
would probably be easier to rally dele
gates to him than to any other candi
date whose name Is now mentioned.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— As a result
of the visit to this city of August Bel
mont of New York and his conference
with leading Democrats of the South
and West, the Parker Presidential
boom has been given a renewed Impe
tus. Belmont is one of the most en
thusiastic backers of Judge Parker in
New York. He has gone back to New
York with a' message from the Demo
crats here that if the New York De
mocracy will instruct for Judge Parker
In the coming, State convention the
South and, West .will fall Into line and
the Parker organization will* be placed
upon a substantial foundation.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
EXPLODES FALSE
CHAEGE AGAINST
r THE ; VICKSBUEG
¦ .WASHINGTON. April 2.— The Jap
anese Minister has receved a .cable
gram from .Tokio announcing that Just
before the adjournment of the Diet the
House of Representatives pa'ssed the
following resolution: \
"The declaration of war
against Russia, "enunciating ¦ Just and
honorable principles, - shows, that his
Majesty has been actuated solely by a
desire' to preserve the peace of the Ori
ent, and every subject. of his Majesty
should exert himself to the utmost to
obey' the Imperial^'; will. This • House,
moved by the same sense of patriotic
devotion that Is 'felt by the whole na
tion, has' provided the revenue desired
by the Government, ; so that there may
be no deficiency in' the funds for prose
cuting the war and following up 1 the
great successes already attained by our
navy. ;
"The war has only just begun, and
the time is yet far distant when a com
plete victory can be won and the peace
of the Orient restored/ But this House
will always be ready cordially • to co
operate in the 'measures necessary to
bring about the ' desirable result and
will be prepared to grant all funds nec
essary for the prosecution of the war.
"Inpassing this resolution, which' Is
unmistakably in conformity • with i the
national will, the* House desires to urge
the Ministers of state to uphold the im
perial- policy ; and 1 : to bring about a
speedy, restoration of by taking
all timely measures and devising plans
to meet every eventuality.". . :
Belmont Forces On
the Boom for
Parker.
REGIMENT OF JAPANESE TROOPS RECEIVING. THE COLORS FROM THE 3HKADO.
Russians Entering \M.qLnchurid\inX^rgerNumbersTlian
'the Japanese Appear to Believe.
JAPANESE HOUSE
PLEDGES MIKADO
HEARTY SUPPORT
I FORMER WAR \ SECRETARY AND
NEW YORKER WHO BOOMS PAR
KER. . |
' WASHINGTON. April 2. — Elihu
Root for Governor of New York is
one more tip given out «by Empire
State Republicans. .. It came to-day
when Mr. Root paid his second visit
within two weeks to the White House
and had luncheon and dinner with the
President. Mr. Root came ostensibly
to consult with Secretary of War Taft
and General Chaffee, chief of staff,
on the location of permanent camp
sites for army maneuvers.
When Mr. Root left the War De
partment he said he was going to de
vote all of his time to the practice of
law and would keep out of politics,
but v a short time after his retirement
he made a speech In New York In de
fense of the administration, which at
tracted attention all over the coun
try. He followed this with a speech at
a Republican club, in which he severe
ly rebuked the Odell and Platt fac
tions for quarreling over who should
be "boss" when the fortune of the Re
publican party was at stake.
Mr. Root has been practically Presi
dent Roosevelt's representative in the
conferences in New York which have
resulted in Governor Odell and Sena
tor Plat ceasing their fight and It is
now believed he is too deep in the po
litical game to withdraw. It is also
argued that he has gone so far in
advising Republicans as to their duty
that should they call on him to run for
Governor he could not well refuse.
£pedal Dispatch to The Call.
Significant Visit of
the Former War
Secretary.
LOS ANGELES, April 2,— Nathan
A. Marshall, secretary and treasurer
of the Marshall Floor and Supply
Company, a well-known business man,
whose company is one of the largest
in the building material supply busi
ness here, is a fugitive from justice.
A warrant was issued for his arrest
to-day at the instance of Thomas
Lynn,' president of the company,
charging him with the embezzlement
of $2500 of the company's cash.
Until yesterday nothing was known
about Marshall's, alleged dishonesty.
He was last seen Tuesday, when he was
in his office as "usual. That night he 1
did not go home and no person; who
knows him has seen hlm N since. The
next day the safe was hot opened, but
on Thursday an expert was put to
work on Marshall's books and dis
covered a shortage ..the amount of
which willnot be known until the ex
amination of the accounts is com
pleted.
President Lynn -to-day that
there is reason to believe 'that ; the
shortage will amount to several times
the sum mentioned in ;the. complaint
and that other, warrants may be .Issued'
Monday. J.'*MarshaIl £isu to^-have
ben speeu lating^ with (f th«5u~cdrri pany's
money aVuHhis accounts? are Jiusuch
a - condition / that • it .' Is * impossible 'to
tell the'.' exact financial condition^ of
the company. His/ defalcations :will
not cause a suspension of the, com
pany, which has ample assets.
SANTO DOMINGO, March 15.—De
tails of the capture of San Pedro de
Macorls by the forces of President
Morales of the provincial government
have just been received here.
By a combined attack of the army
and navy the rebels' stronghold fell
after two days of fighting. General
«>uyabin commanded the Government
land forces, while J. Francesco Sheri
dan was In charge of the attacking
ships, which were the gunboat Presi
dent, the bark Olga and the small
t-team blockade runner Estrella- The
gunboat Independence was laid up for
repairs at Puerto Plata.
The ships appeared In the offing of
the bay of San Pedro de Macorls at 11
' a. m. The United States, cruiser To
peka. Captain Frank A- "Wilmer com
manding, was at anchor In the bay.
The Dominican boats steamed within
3000 meters of the city, after which the
l»ombardment commenced. Five shots
were fired from the boat gun of the
President, a 5.7 Hotcbkiss rapid-fire
pun T>f modern type- Five of the shots
struck various buildings In the city
and the fifth exploded in the main
l*!aza. ¦*»•¦*'•
The force of the revolutionary gen
oral, Dimetrio Rodriguez, had six-centi
meter guns mounted at Point Ellen, at
the entrance of the bay of Macorls, and
had also laid dynamite torpedoes in
the channel running up to the city.
General Guyabln'fe troops co-operated
v.ith the navy and a vigorous attack
was made by land. The rebels* guns
and a blasting machine for exploding
torpedoes were captured. After two
days of fighting the city fell. The rev
olutionists lost 145 men in killed and
wounded in the streets.
. Samana was taken by the revolution
ary forces on the following day, but
was recaptured by President Morales'
troops two days later. Banal, which
was temporarily occupied by the reb
els, was also recaptured.
Special Cable to Th« Call and New Tork
HcraJd. CorrrUrtit. 1904. by the New Tork
li. :..: i Publishing Company.
Complaint Places 'the Missing Sum
at $2500, but It Jay Be ,
Very Much More.
lend and Sea Forces Engaged in
the Desperate Conflict With Island
Revolutionists
Grim Details ol Assaults
on Cities Are Made
Kncwn
Shortage Discovered After
Departure ol Nathan
Marshall.
Los Angelas Firm
Accuses Business
lUCtlli
Heavy Loss ol Life
in Santo Domingo
Battle.
TREASURER
AND FUNDS
DISAPPEAR
SOLDIERS
STORM AND
SLAUGHTER
ROOT MAY ASPIRE
TO GOVERNORSHIP
OF EMPIRE STATE
VOLUME XCV— XO. 125.
Continued on Page 27, Column i.
Alcazar — - "ParsifaL" Matin e«
- To-Day.
California — "McPadden's n»ts.*»
Central — "Kip Van. ¦Winkle."
Matinee To-Day.
Chutes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Das " Opf erlamai.'*
(Comedy In German.)
rischer's— "Kismet." Matinee
; To-Day. "
Grand — "XCedda Gaoler." ¦
Orpheum — Vaudeville. Matinee
To-Day. ¦ ¦'
Tivoll— "Mr. Pickwick."
TKB THUATXaS.
rorecatt*»»£«at Sjp Praa
cIboo fcr thirty bours eaiinsr
miiale-ht, April 3:
San Francisco «-md vicinity—
CloucLr. unsettled weather Sun
flay: probably showers; cooler;
Xrcsh Eoutbwest winds, cbanirinsr
to northerly.
A. O. KeAOXB,
District forecaster.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, - SUNDAY, APR • L 3, : 1 004^-PAGES 21//TO 34.
COSSACKS OF THE CAUCASUS,
FLOWER OF THE CZAR'S ARMY
ARE SENT TO THE FAR EAST
The San Francisco Call.To luspect ': Voting i Machines.
|The - members ¦? of ,. the V Election Com
mission and Registrar^Adams will leave
for; Santa (Clara; to-day 'to .be 'present
at \ the election to be held in town.
TheirC object: is ; to .witness the .workings
of in; connection ¦ with
. the; election; - • ' .
Commutes Sentence of Convict Taylor.
SACRAMENTO, April 2. — Governor
Pardee to-day issued a commutation
of the sentence of Charles Taylor, a
negro, who has been confined in the
State penitentiary at FolEom . since
18S6. Taylor was sentenced from
Oroville for burglary to forty-two
years. His sentence .was commuted by
the Governor on the ground that it
was excessive. jKaSiiiM <
San: Francisco ?De:i of the Lions of
the World has during the past three
weeks been adding to; Its membership
by ; Initiating: ; strangers 1 who 1 are f anx
lous to learn .what' kind of a place the
den Is.; At the .meeting" last": week* the'
lions were addressed at 'l sbme>;lerigth
by Sir j Lion ;Hv. DATaf t : br Seattle, < the
supreme president : of the \ order..;
; The den in .: Oakland : la reported as
making pood ; praffress,\ and ' steps are
being: taken to: establish dens in sev
eral parts of the State, also In other
States. §i*§il§l8
Lions . of - the World.
Queen Wilhelmlna to Visit Italy.
THE HAGUE, April 2.— Queen Wil
helmina and her husband. Prince
Henry, will start -April 4 for Italy,
¦where they will spend a month for
the benefit of the Queen's health.
The Women's Auxiliary Club Jias
been the most active and zealous
worker in behalf of civic Improve
ments in the city's . history. It is de
termined to make San Mateo the most
attractive town in the State and this
concert is only the first of a series of
events to be given in that cause. . The
executive committee is composed of
Mrs. Alfred B. Ford, president; Mrs.
L. M.Doane, - secretary; Miss I. L. Tib
betts and Mrs. John Johns. The corP
cert will be followed by a dance and
refreshments, the latter * being* in
charge of the following committee, of
prominent ladles: Mrs. L. G. Walking
ton, chairman; Mrs. L. B. Doe, Mrs. P.
Levy, Mrs. A. R. Gilchriste, Mrs. v R. H.
Jury. Mrs. H. W. Hagen and Mrs. D.
W. Donnelly.
SAN MATEO, April 2.— San, Ma
teo is to enjoy a musical treat
in the coming concert of the Stanford
University Glee and Mandolin Club,
to be given in Athletic Club Hall next
Tuesday. It will be given under . the
auspices of the Women's Auxiliary
Civic Club and the proceeds devoted to
city improvements. There are twen
ty-six members of the. Glee and (Man
dolin Club, including Bush and Baker,
star ' attractions; all of whom have
line individual records. An entertain
ing programme has been selected for
the occasion.
Stanford University Glee and Mandolin
Club to Entertain Women's Auxil
iary Civic Club.
SAX SIATEO PEOPLE
WILL EXJOY MELODY
The United States Civil Service
Commission invites special v attention
to an -examination on April 16 to se
cure ellglbles from which to make
certification, to fill the following va
cancies in the position of surfman in
the ninth life-saving district and
other- similar vacancies as they !. may
occur, in that district: Six at the Bra
zos station, eight at the San Luis
station, three at the Galveston sta
tion, four at the Sabine Pass station
and two , at the Aransas station. " - No
educational test will be given arid \ it
will 'not be. necessary, for applicants
to appear at any place for examina
tion. f Applicants must; not be; less
than five feet six inches in height rior
weigh less than .135 nor more than
205 pounds, and not under 18 nor over
45 years of, age. Persons who desire
to compete should apply to the keeper
of , the life-saving [station at which
they desire employment for applica
tion form 395, which should. be prop
erly-executed and filed -with the keep
er on or before April 16, 1904.
Life-Savers Wanted.
MEADVILLE, Pa.. April 2. — An air
tank in the Erie Machine Shops ex
ploded to-day, killing John Frederick,
a Rang foreman, and injuring six
Others, some of whom will die. The
" building w-a? wrecked.
Air Tank Explodes, Killing Workmen.
Commissioner From Ceylon Arrives.
NEW YORK, April 2.— P. A. Peris,
commissioner for Ceylon to the St.
Louis Kxposition, arrived to-day on
the steamer Princess Alice from
Bremen. •¦ ¦/:•'??'
SAN JOSE, April 2. — It was an
nounced in the- Grange to-day that
Professor Elwood Meade of the Uni
versity of California will soon visit
this valley with a class of students to
study the system here of orchard irri
gation.
Will' Study Orchard Irrigation.
SAN DIEGO, April 2.— As shown by
a paper filed to-day ivith the County
Recorder the American Lithia and
Chemical Company, of which W. H.
Crane is the head, has leased the Lepi
dollte and Ambllgonite in the Pala
Lithia mines to, the Hygienic and
Chemical Company of New York. The
Lithia company is to operate the mines,
but is to dispose of all the lithia bear
ing ore to the hygienic company at
the rate of $12 for each long ton placed
on the cars at any railroad station In
California. It is expressly stipulated
that the lease shall give the hygienic
company no claim on anything that
comes out of the mine save the lithia
bearing ore, the lithia company to keep
all gem crystals, kunzlte, .' tourmaline,
etc. This ' agreement holds for ten
years.
Important Deal Is Consummated by
Concern Operating in San
Plcjjo County. .
NEW YORK COMPANY
LEASES LITIHA »IINES
SANTA ROSA, April 2. — Consider
able mystery shrouds the death of
Frank Dach, an aged ranchhand, who
was found in a lonely cabin on the
Jones ranch, near Bloomfield, yester
day. The Coroner's jury found a ver
dict of death at the hand's of a per
son or persons unknown, but Sheriff
Grace, after visiting the scene and
making an investigation, strongly in
clined to the suicide theory. The man
had no money, but one of his pockets
was cut from his trousers and two
pockets in the overcoat hanging on
the wall were turned inside out.
A man against whom some sus
picion had been directed because he
was missing' was shown to-day to have
disappeared several days before
Dach's death. The man's throat was
cut from ear to ear. The knife with
which the deed was committed was
identified by three witnesses as hav
ing belonged to the dead man.
CHICAGO. April 2. — Mrs. Emma L.
Watson of Portland, Or., was arrested
to-day by officers of the Federal secret
service on h charge of being implicated
in land swindles in Oregon.
According to the officials the Gov
ernmpnt has been defrauded out of
thousands of dollars by the operations
of a gang of swindlers. Mrs. Watson,
who is alleged to be also known as I
Mrs. Porter and Mrs. Puter, was ar
rested after being traced from the Pa
cific. Coast to Chicago. It is charged
that she was aided in her efforts to
elude capture by S. A. D. Puter. an al
leged member of the gang, who was
indicted by the Federal Grand Jury at
Portland. Or., in April. 1903. along
with Mrs. Watson, Marc Ware and
Horace Sack In ley.
The hearing of the case was con
tinued until Monday, the prisoner be
ing held under $7500 bonds. ;
NEW YORK, April 2.— A meeting
of the creditors of R. D. J. Sully &
Co. to consider the latest offer of a
settlement by the suspended firm will
be held, next Monday. It was stated
to-day that the receivers will by then
have enough information to enable
them to make a report to the credi
tors. • ¦•-¦:-¦:
Creditors of Sully to Meet.
Ranch Hand Found Lifeless
in a Lonely Cabin, Pos
sibly A T ictim of a Murderer
Secret Service Officers Make
Sensational Arrest of Ore-.
gon Resident in Chicago
The'Caledonian Club has been noted
for its generous hospitality at its an
nual gathering and games and at this
year's games at Shell Mound Park on
Monday, May 30, a real Highland wel
come will awaic the guests of the
club. An unusually liberal sum wilr"
be provided for that purpose. ¦
First Chieftain Samuel McGregor
will be In charge of the refreshment
tent and the following reception com
mittee > has . been appointed to assist
him in looking after the guests: It. D.
McNeill. John D. McGilvray, George
Wolfenden.f Colonel" Thomas McGreg
or, ' Allan McKinnon, W. R. Eaton,
John A. McLeod, Andrew McNair, Al
bert McKay, W. W. Finlayson, Wil
liam Urquhart, Gus ; Berry, Kod Chis
holm, Colonel C. L. Taylor, George
McCarte and W. J. McWhinney.
The . games committee is working
energetically to provide new and at
tractive features for the coming
games so as to make them a.- great
success financially and otherwise.
Club Appoints an Influential Recep
tion Committee for the Yhirty-
Eighth Annual Gathering.
CALEDONIANS ARRANGING
FOR WELCOMING . GUESTS
New Embassy Dispatch Agent.
WASHINGTON, April 2. — R. New
ton Crane has been appointed dispatch
agent at London in place of Joseph,
B. Gllber, resigned. Mr. Crane has
performed all the legal work of the
United States embassy in, London for
some time past.
MYSTERY VEILS
DACH'S DEATH
ACCUSES WOMAN
OF LAND FRAUD
Can Company Adjusts Difficulties.
CHICAGO, April 2. — Officers of the
American Can Company announced to-
DES MOINES, Iowa, April 2. —
Charles W. Graves, under indictment,
charged with murdering his wife and
burning her body, refused to leave his
cell to-day and escape with his. fellow
prisoners. Graves was walking up and
down in his cell when the turnkey dis
covered that L.'M.:Klng and "Satan"
Andrews, who broke open the doors,
had made their escape. They are be
ing chased by bloodhounds.
BLOODHOUNDS ARE CHASING
TWO ESCAPED PRISONERS
Prisoner Accused of Murdering His
Wife and Burning Her Body Re
fuses to Accompany Cellmates.
CHICAGO. April 2.— The first trace
of Mrs. John C. Burns since her disap
pearance from a Chicago hotel two
years ago was found to-day, when
James Taylor, a negro, was arrested
at Cincinnati. He had in his possession
Mrs. Burns' Daughters of the American
Revolution pin, engraved with her
name, as well as several articles of
jewelry, all of which bore her initials.
The prisoner is said to have disclosed
the hiding places of other jewels which
are alleged to have been the property
of .Mrs. Burns. The total value of the
property recovered is nearly $5000.
. About two years ago Mrs. Burns an
nounced' that, she was going away on
a short visit. \. Her* husband was be
lieved to be fn Europe. Taking several
trunks, Mrs. Burns lefOthe hotel, giv
ing Instructions to hold her mail until
she sent her forwarding, address. From
that day to this no word has been re
ceived from her or, her husband. Mrs.
Burns was promlnent^as a member of
the Daughters of the American Revo
lution, and also was connected with
several woman's clubs.
day that all differences between the
company and its employes- have been
amicably adjusted. The four plants of
the corporation in and about Chicago,
employing 2000 persons, will resuma
operations Monday.
The witness asked for time to ,con
sult with General Mercler, the former
War Minister, . to ..which the Attorney
General replied that General Mercler
would also be prosecuted \>n the same
charge if the document was not sub
mitted. The anlysis finally was turned
over to the chamber.
PARIS, April 2.— An exciting scene
occurred to-day before the criminal
chamber which " is investigating the
Dreyfus case. Colonel du Paty de Clam
said he had an analytical summary of
the secret documents submitted to the
court-martial which condefhned Drey
fus. Attorney General Baudouin there
upon demanded the submission of the
summary to the criminal chamber, and
the colonel asked for time to consider
the matter. The Attorney General then
announced that if the document was
not: submitted , he would prosecute
Colonel du'Patyde Clam for illegal de
tention.of state. papers. .
Attorney General in Dreyf us
Case Demands Submission
of Important Documents
Negro Arrested at Cincinnati
. Has in His "Possession a
Pin of Missing Woman
SAN MATEO. April 2. — The follow
ing committee have been appointed by
the Board of City Trustees and the
Civic Club respectively to arrange for
a welcome reception to the California
Promotion Committee's excursion,
which is scheduled to 'arrive here on
April 10:
By President Hayne of the Board of
Trustees — Alfred B. Ford, chairman;
William B. Lawrence, Henry P. Bowie,
D. W. Donnelly, Frank S. Grummon,
Henry Hull and Paul Pinckney.
By President Doe of the Civic Club
— Fernand Levy, chairman; Thomas
R. Turner,. Charles N. Kirkbride. L. C.
McAfee and R. Calwell.
The -visitors* will 'be' met at the sta
tion and taken - in carriages to all
points of interest and attraction in. and
about San Mateo and Burlingame, with
probably a short stop at the Bur
lingame Country Club for refresh
ments. The entire community is in
terested in the coming visit of the ex
cursionists and will unite in extending
warm greetings to them.
Prominent 'Citizens of San Mateo
County Arc Selected to Receive and
Entertain Uie Visitors. *
ARRANGING FOR WELCOME
TO PROMOTION COMMITTEE
4
PRISONER MAY
BE MURDERER
. The Press Club is making plans for
an art exhibition ' to be held^in its
rooms from April 16 to 23 inclusive
for the benefit of the Children's Hos
pital. All the well known artists in
the city have promised to contribute
pictures and It Is expected that the af
fair will be a success artistically, so
cially and financially. There will be
a size • limit . for pictures and also a
maximum price, so that it will be es
sentially a "sketch" exhibition. :
The exhibition will begin with a
jinks for members of the club and ex
hibitors. During the week lt will be
open to the public, except on Mon
day, "Wednesday and Saturday after
noons and Monday and Wednesday
evenings, when admission will be by
card. On Wednesday afternoon there
will be a ladies' reception and tea and
on the special evenings and after
noons programmes of entertainment
and refreshments^ will be provided. :
The committee in charge consists of
Howard E. Morton, George L. North.
Dr, P. M. Jones, H. C. Best and A.
Dixon^ ' : -l\ .-¦-.- ¦'/
Pictures and . Sketches Are to Be
• Shown for the Benefit of the
? - Children's Hospital.
THREATENS HIGH
FRENCH OFFICERS
PRESS CLUB WILL GIVE
AX 'ART EXHIBITION
WASHINGTON. April ' 2. — The
Navy Department is informed of the
arrival at Panama yesterday of the
New York, Bennington, Boston and
Concord of the Pacific squadron after
a cruise as far south as' Callao. One
or more of these vessels will remain
on the west coast of the isthmus and
the remainder of the squadron will
start north for San Francisco in a
few days. J 1^^
. . PANAMA, April . 2. — A meeting of
the leaders of the railroad laborers'
strike was 'held last j night/ at which
the result, of the interview of the four
delegates with President Amador yes
terday was heard. It was agreed to
dwait the arrival of the Canal Com
missioners before taking any further
steps.
Three steamers at La Boca pier and
one in the bay are waiting to unload
and a similar state of affairs exists at
Coion. Only sixty men" went to work
to-day, the West Indian element re
fusing to await the arrival of the
Commissioners. Some marines were
landed this morning at La Boca.
Hear Admiral Glass, in command
of the Pacific squadron, which arrived
here yesterday, and Superintendent
Shaler of the railroad conferred with
President Amador at 10 a. m. and the
admiral agreed to withdraw the
marines and replace- them with reg
ulars. The Government has enough
troops and policemen to meet the sit
uation and protect the railroad. No
disturbance is expected.
Marines Are to Be Replaced
by Regular Soldiers and
Disturbance Is Unlikely
TALK WITH AMAD0K
r ! i
Laborers Engaged to Dig
Great Waterway at Pana
ma Continue
CANAL STRIKE
IS NOT ENDED
THE SAN, FRANGISGO -:CAm :; SUNDAY. -APRIL 3; 300^:
22
SEE TlfE BEAUTIFUIj
MUIjTIPLE COLORED PIC-
TURE,
Dainty Little Eileen Gale.
Fascinating Full Pa^e.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. Purely vegetable,' mild and reliable. Causes
perfect • digestion, • : complete f. Bb»orpUon -, and
beftltbful reeula-gty. :-. ; ' ¦; . .;;
: For the cure or - all disorder* of the Stomach.
Livev Bow«l«. : Kidneys.'. Bladder, f Kemale Ir-
regularities. Sick Headache. Biliousness, • Con-
ttU'ation, Piles . and - all ¦ derangements • of I the
Internal - Viscera. 25c a - box.' At: drusylsts" or
by mail. RAJiWAY &;CO.. NrWYorfc-p
Radway's
liilil
It weakens the delicate >lurig tissues,
deranges the .digestive, organs; and
breaks down the 'general health."
It often causes headache and. dizzi-
ness, impairs, the smell . and
hearing, and arfects the voice.
Being a constitutional disease, it
requires a constitutional ; remedy.
Mood's Sarsaparilla
Radically, and permanently cures ca-
tarrh of the nose, r throat, ' ; stomach,
bowels and more delicate: organs, and
builds', up th. wholesystem." - . ¦::
: No substitute for. Hood's acts -like
Hood's. -Be "Sure \tOj- get; Hood's.
Testimonials of remarkable cures mailed
on request. C. I. HOOD CO.. Lowell. Mass.
Catarrh
Invites Consumption
ADVEBTISEMENTa
GREE-VBEHG A GHErcNBr:RG
CARPETS REDUCED
We shall close out our Carpst odds and ends
quickly, and so offer a quantity at remarkable
reductions. These are all good Carpets in late '
designs, suitable and sufficiently large for HALL;
STAIR, PARLOR, LIBRARY, DININQ ROOM or
BEDROOM. The quotations below include lining
and laying. !
TAPESTRY' BRUSSELS .....ipir yard • *7C^»
1500 yards in 35 pittsrns. «3C
EODY , BRUSSELS (extra quality) ........;.. .per yard tf 1 0 C
1800 yaras is 10 patterns. ; ' $1.CD
SMITH'S MCQUETTES per yard tfi *}6
1250 yards in 10 patterns- *p 1 *CD
EMTTH'S SAXONY fAXMINSTEBS per yard «1 «
500 yards in 5 patterns- - ¦) 1 •u*J-
BIGBL0W BRUSSELS .'.'...... per yard .«*| C A
500 yards in 5,pattsrn3. >pi»D\J
ROYAL WILTONS (not Velvets), $3.00 and $2-50 re- tfi 7C
. t dueed to .... ' - per yard $*•€*)
£000 yards in 20 pattens.
' .:•¦¦¦¦"¦-•, ' : ' ' ¦ - .- ¦¦¦: ¦'¦
Remnants in 200 Patterns
INQRAEfe— 20 yaid; orlesa..... per yard 50c
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS - 3 to 10 yards . ... . . .' . .per' yard 50o
. 10 to 20 yards ....per yard 75c
BODY BKUSSniS- 3 to 10 yards.... per yard 75c
10 to 20 yards .'...per yard Sl.00
Carpet Samples
1 to Wt yards long, roitaWi for n«i , \C LC n f i 0 1 Y\A
_ _ ; . . . each *x J w 'P «p 1 m \J\J
. fMPDRTED INLAID '¦ LIAiOLCUMS — $165 reduced «• -t «^e
to.'.'. ..-..^.......per square yard, laid »pl«&i>
SLQ\NE!5
114-122 POST STREET
The benefits resulting from a consulta-
tion by letter with Dr. Pierce are testified
to by thousands of grateful women who
have been made new women by his med-
ical advice and fatherly counsel given
absolutely without cost or fee.
Sick and ailing woineti, especially
those suffering from chronic diseases, are
invited to consult " Dr. Pierce, by letter,
fret. '" All correspondence is .held as
strictly private ana sacredly confidential.
Address Dr. R. , V.' Pierce," Buffalo, N.;Y.
Dr.' Pierce's Favorite Prescription is
the best medicine for the ctire of \ woinan-
Jy^ jlls.' It establishes regularity^ dries
weakening drains, heals , inflammation
and ulceration and cures female weak-
ness. "It is tlie < best preparative ; for
maternity, giving the mother strength to
give her. child;- and; making . the , baby's
advent ; practically, painless.; ¦ .
. Dr. Pierce's Favorite Prescription con-
tains no alcohol and is entirely free from
opium, cocaine and ell other narcotics.
.The Common Sense Medical 'Adviser,
iooS large pages, in paper, covers, is sent
free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to
pay expense of mailing -'only.'-! Address
B».:XL V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. '
*• / thank Dr. Pierce
for the kind advice
he $ave when /wrote
to hint."
"I am thankful to the frisad xrho first recom-
zneoded your medicine," write* Mrs. Annie M.
Brook, o'f SmithficU, Fayette Co., Pa.. "We
have a twelve pound baby, three weeks old. . I
took three bottles of , ' KaTorite Prescription •
before baby came, and the time wa» only one
hour aad a half. Have had five children, and
before this always had a severe time, lasting two
or three days, and uevrr was able to do any
work for about two mouths afterward. Now I
cm doing all the work for four children. My
friends say I look better now than ever before.
We told one of rny sisters to take ' Favorite
Prescription,' which she did, and when her
child was born the time of suffering was very
short. She has better health now than since
her - marriage, some vears . ago. We cannot
praise Dr. Pierce's medicines enough.*,.! thank
br. Piercs for the kind advice he pave when I
wrote to him. Whenever I see other women
suffering I tell them about your wonderful
medicines."
DJ&. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
ARE YODR SIDNEYS .WEAK?
Thousands of Men and Women Have Kid-
ney Trouble and Never Suspect It*
To Prove What the Great Kidney Remedy, Swamr-Root,
Will Do for YOU, Every Reader of The Call May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free by Mail.
It used to be considered that only urinary
and bladder troubles were to be traced to :he
kidneys, but now modern ' science proves that
nearly ai! diseases have '.heir beginning in V f|^^^F
thr disorder of tiicse most important organs. |l-^^SS
The kidneys filter and purify thc blood— i *$$£-££ 1
that is their work.
Therefore, when your kidneys are wetk or PifellPl
out of order, vou can understand how quick- • |$|p§J|$| | '
Iy your entire body is affected, and how ev- j.- -, t.^\
ery organ seems to fail to do its duty. -'
If you are fick or "feel badly." begin taking MB5:E *^»v^fe*^
the great kidney remedy. Dr. Kilmer's Swamp- j£JBt3£M$£$!$W VUlkir^h*.
Root, because as soon as your kidneys begin jm&ji m^^^^^^^^^Mk
to Ret hctter thev will help all the other or-
can' to health. A trial will convince any one. gil ly^^BSK^^^^i^j^
X cheerfully recommend and Indorse tta* Ore&t Wg&i J X^, text mpvpg. < MP1
Etmtdr, Dr. lUintr'i Sxiap-Soct, for kidney KM& ) u^ wun w* BM
trouble and bad liver. X have need it and derived ti£>£. lOWXMD DAA1 1 mWl
«rre«t benefit frcai it. X believe it na« cured me jS H Ailir "llUU 1
entirely of kidney and liver trouble, from wnica W§* . «&p$
I iaCered terriblr. RHB Kidney. Ltver is gjaids: gj:s-S
ASost crratcfnlly ronr«, RSS ** CURE.
A. a. Beyaolfl*. Chief of Police. iggv* WREcnaNS.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are rcspon-ible «?£~Z* l »:ul"L.* **'"' Bf?
# for many kinds of diseases, arid if permitted ||l|r ic-.^-r«^,, t »,-r^h:'rt«-<. ; ||
to continue much fr.ffering and fatal results feSfE •^'AiiToT"— tlfu"*^ ®S
«re sure to follow. Kidney trouble irritates E&fSs i^^J ttUt * MWi - i & "*$
the nerves, makef vou dizr^', restless, sleep- fgRjm J * &£&
lessand irritable. Makes you pass water often fiMUX^r.ki^^i^i' $8W
during the day and obliges you to get up jg§||i jV,' 4 tc lf «^v kiw/^k'.T Plw
many times during the night. Unhealthy kid- ™'.-rWiwM.id7r 1 p t «vrY
neys cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the h||§ i^Ari'iwtTlSS u*ki Pi
bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, joints tm|& •«^»fora«/kMs»v«ii*«»e.
?nd muscles; make your head ache and back glsS "m»V»T«d I^«.*"»t pfi ''¦
ache; cause indisrestion. stomach and liver w^4 DR. KILMER * CO., . $H i
trouble; you cet a sallow, yellow complex- E^B einciumton, k. y. p|^i: I
ion; make you feel as though you had lveart «|ll {s° M bya!>urugcisis. j f^ J
trouble; you may have plenty of ambition, but jjm^^..^ims u iu.»S^U '
no strength: get weak, and waste away. HuW|^B%S«^^^^^^»w^filj !
The cure for these troubles is Dr. Kilmer's t^SSf^m^^^^^Mm ¦
Swamp-Root, the world-famous kidney rem- '
rdy. In takintr Swamp-Root you afford
natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root i? the
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kid- »swan-.p-Koot ts pleasant to take.*
neys that is known to medical science. ~'Vr' : ~ • •
-. . p,. - ~ . If you are already con-
T, v H ° W ind 0Ut J, winced that Swamp-Root is
. If there is any doubt in your mind as to
vocr condition, take from your urine on ris- what you need, you can pur-
Ing about four ounces place it in a glass or j chase thc rcgu l a r fifty-cent
bottle and let it stand twenty-four hours. If
onexamination it is milky or cloudy, if there an(^ one-dollar size bottles
is a brick-dust settling or if small particles at the drug stores evcry .
float about in it. your kidneys are in need of
immediate attention. where. Don't make any mis-
Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and is used take, but remember the
in the leading hospitals, recommended by _ _^ „.,
physicians in their private practice, and is na me, bwamp-Koot, Dr. KH-
taken by doctors themselves who have kid- mer's Swamp-Root, and the
ney ailments, because they recognize in it the . , „. , v » ..
greatest and most successful remedy for kid- addre£S Binghamton, IS. \..
ney. liver and bladder troubles. Jon every bottle. !
EBXTORLAJb ITOTS. — So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly curing even I
the most distressing cases of kidney, liver or bladder troubles, that to pr»ve its |
R-ondrrful merits you may have a sample bottle and a book of valuable informa- I
tion. both sent absolutely free by mail. The book contains many of the thousands
upon thousands of testimonial letters received from men and women cured. The
value and success of Swamp-Root .are so well known that our readers are ad- '
vised to send for a sample bottle. In 6ending your address to Dr. Kilmer & Co,
Binphnmton. N. Y.. be sure to say you rrad this generous offer in The San Fran- '
oisco Sunday Call. The proprietors of this paper guarantee the genuineness of i
this offer. I
DE. KILMER'S SWAMP-ROOT.
DB. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
Simply Sign The Coupon. A. / I \ '^.^ :^^^L^ ¦'¦''
continuously^for^ir 1 monthsf * We" tried And .«=o with the vital oVgaris. Doctor . t^M^P^HH__a^_^^^S^^_l_t^^^^.
many doctors, and tbpy failed, yet it took them as you will. That's mere repairing. to&mT/'V-.j,. "••-<-' ; . ;^»k
"nly two bottles of your remedy to cure Permanent cures never come save through '•? jKr^TY^£^k*^P^^S^SS^^^mt^
cot. La./hnd bce'n 0 slck n fo r r I 20 O years^ OU Kor S s^" d . y » 4 bedsid?s and research in hos-
! years could do practically no work. ' He I 1 ''"' 5 * — I made this discovery. I found a ~^q^gSSsKSIiS^B!^^S^rl^(^^^^Sljf^^^^^'~^^^^^^^^-
' itZi^ l he v first , startef1 U5 ",rf the n , e '. ««te h «"iesr "rlans 'and'^liT theTn^Jower Ail You Need
inow "h* SliJ™'?-?-, ™nau Me e Sy to and strength and heatth. That discovery To Do "'^tHHBI^' 'WBB&^&UgSF^: JB
•Hh^'oS^^ 1 - 8 mlBht haVC . be " n m akM my cfTer posaib.e. t^ll^^X^^B'
J. G. nillingsley of Thomasvllle. Ga., for — I^tinow thp remedy. I never can forget. i a eiuy — is simple. The Restorative jHBKl
tnr:e y?ars has bron crlpiilod with disease. the study, all the research, the trlal3 and j s certain. "¦'- - "^^^BH^^^^^^KSSSr'^
N'ov k - lie ts v.'c'.l. lie writes: tcfts that perf*cte\l it. I have watched its u u t do not misunderstand me.
"I ep*nt ?250.00 for other medicines, and nctlon year after year in casos difncult. This is not free treatment. vlth -•.-*•-•'•¦'>'
the *::.oo i have spent vlth you have done discouraging. Time after time I have seen nothln* to pay. Such an offer would be misleading— would \K»fiBP3l^ilBK— I
me more, eoo-1 than all the rest." U v. brln^ C^ heal . th l " i ho^ , poo r ,, ones belittle the physician who made tt. But I believe in a «icH W^" 1 ' •'-' J - gHHaffll
Both monev nn,l sufferinr rnlirht have "horn hoi>? had almost deserted. I know one's honesty— his gratitude. That when he la cured ho will ' TEH) .j^^gy— BmBBBw
bconsiivVd suftennr rnlffht ha\e wnat lt w)n do . , . pay the cost- of the treatment— and gladly. ¦ %&«%^i£MB3m&85aA
" ¦ •' I make this offer so that those who,mi«ht doubt may J/ y ''~ fK ML
And these are only three from over CS.COO- JI >' onl >' Problem ia to convince you. learn «t my risk. /l§#tls^_HS3SaEJ*3
similar cases Th»fe letters dozens of ' ; . . Tel1 ol "• P Ie a«. to a friend who ia sick. Or send m* £M^3s£? r ;^K&sBxBB*R
th^ni— como every day to me And co l make my offer. And the bare his name. That's but a trifle to ask— a minute's time— a A£@*-l^ : ' i _H9«1fi83B#r2
How much serious illness the Restorative f«t that I make such an offer ought of it- POEtal He jour friend. You can help him. My way may /#X''HP^W
has prevented I have- no means of knowing. self to convince you that I know how to \ . stranzer offer to do all thi. Won't v«n hi. **.** JhF$$t"r- h MBBp&QttSiEMii
n°lv '^r"^ 115 ;," 1 a?d the d^ m - «ri. Please read It again. It means ex- his nellhW."! frn'p^y wrl?e?° *" **? Woa l y0U ' hls Wend ' /^^.¦HB-BS?
lilare^^d^^^rhVarXmS: actly what I say. No catch-no m.sIeadin K j^f^^y'™?^^*^"^!!:***™ i^SSfiMmSBKm
But of coo.000 sick ones-serlously sick. Phra.es in it. Simply thls-you take the K^l^'aJS^t^ oS« 5h5feten^<SS ™picla1l«T°m^ [tW»n9«W
mjnd you — who askrd for my guarantee, :;:> medicine and I will take the risk. have failed. The matter Is urgent, then. Write me a postal v^I^^^BHISSQhS'IMY $*i
they cot well. And you — not I — decide if you are to pay. . Address Dr Shoop, box 4C30. Racine, Wls, T^LjBSgoEumSiihiJi^^^
OREENBERGSOREENBERG
..NOVELTIES..
for Spring and Summer.
| LOWEST PRICES \
• NEW ftrzw
tOLLAK A\D lace
CUf F SETS ]>| H0SE
Latest tt^
Designs K 25c, 35c.
25c 33c, 50c, T w 7 50c, 60c,
G3c.75c.85c yy 75c
imv
WASHABLE VTT SPUN SILK
STOCK W VE S T S
• COLLARS V LA CE TOP
25c 35c- A 53C * 6OC '
25C 35C. 7Qc 7 . c
50c 65c. T p; nk , BluCf
75c A white. Black.
— — . Q _____
NEW NEW -
LEATHER T BL4CK SI »-K
_ ,__ 1 SKIRTS
BELTS Elejant
25c. 35c O Values
50c 65c 75c $5.00. $6.50.
GREENBERG&GREENBERG
31. 33, 35 and 37 Grant Ave.,
Cor. Geary St.most certain to be seriously harassed
by the Cossack cavalry, unless that,
too, proves to be as much overrated as
was the Russian naval strength. But
a strong column operating up from
Newchwang would undoubtedly give
This line of attack, however, threat
ening, the Russian line at the center]
would' keep ,' the- Muscovites (guessing.
To occupy- Mukden\would be to com
mand T; Port Arthur and Vladivostok
at once. \The. vaunted; fortress at the
trip pX the>Liaotung, peninsula has~S14
ready demonstrated • its weakness and
is' 1 , 'rapidly :• assuming ' : the condl
:tion',';of; a .very-sore -felon : . at
the.tip 'of ' a long fingeK: "When 'the
Japanese "ge^ ready T to "cut . the] penin
sula-arid ' shut' off its supplies ; Port
Arthur must come: down, • unless : It is
prepared for. a : much 1 longer siege . than
seems.to'be.'the case.
; The 'Chinese '^have -declared neutral
ity ,' in! all "the country ' west "of the Llao
River : and the Japanese' have. accepted
jt. That means that a; turning ¦ move
ment i"on r Mukden/ In ; support ; of '.the
rriain attack on' Fengwangcheng,wduld
have :¦ tot land somewhere . about ¦ New
chwarig: .Japanese V operations Mn {the
flat," open country, in Mahchuria f are al-
transported ware not so crowded as
the official estimate would seem to
imply. .On- most of the transports
horses were taken also, or supplies of
one sort or another, so that no effort
was made to take all the men they
could carry. The Japanese' did not
attempt to fit bunks for their soldiers,
as we do. Each man sleeps on a mat
two and a half feet wide by five feet
eight inches long, which he lays down
on the deck; On these transports the
men - slept on the upper deck and
horses were carried on the main and
lower .decks and in the hold. Each
horse had a stall two feet six by six
feet.
What' the Japanese Intend to make
their, main objective is at present pure
speculation,' and one man's gueas is
just as good as another's. So far noth
ing has appeared to make anything
clear. ," The main road in Korea leads
directly from . Pingyang to Wi ju, on
the, Yalu River.^ J Beyond ;that it bears
away ' up ' through " the mountains. ' by
way- of Fengwangcheng toward. Muk
den. The Japanese are already in
force at Pingyarig> It seems to be -the
expectation here that . the Second
Qorps; j now going forward,' will go. to
Korea* also. If that turns out to be' the
fact it .will ' indicate that they •; proba
blyIntend to push upjthe great road
toward .Mukden; That- will mean .'a
big fight somewhere about Fengwang
cheng.^ The country Is very moun
tajnous andthe road execrable. It is
so" bad that it has been explicitly said
atthe War Ofllce that the army would
riot, .undertake" to V employ •wheeled
transportation of any . sort.' -But -that
implies that 'they' .will - endeavor ; to
get along without field guns, and It Is
safe : to ;say ; that any ' attempt to drive
the, Russians out - of their strong p'osi^
tions with, only the assistance; of
mountain guns will be extremely
hazardous. . : .- . ' . , .; " ';-: ?¦¦ '.
This second corps is composed of the
First Division, ; whose headquarters are
at Tokio, the ! Third from Nagoya. and
the Fourth from Osaka. The First
Division | comprises the First and Sec
ond brigades, composed of the First
Infantry, from -Tokio, ! the Fifteenth
from Matsumato, . the Second, from
Sakura and'. the Third from' TakasakL
In the ; Third j Division there j are the
Fifth > Brigade (headquarters .at Na
goya), composed of the* Sixth and
Thirty-third 'Infantry, both- quartered
at 'Nagoya, and the; Seventeenth Bri
gade' (headquarters at. Toyohashi),
composed of the Eighteenth
quartered at I Toyohashi/ and j the Thir
ty-fourth, quartered at Shlzuoka. The
headquarters of the! Fourth Division; is
at Osaka. It is composed of the Sev
enth Brigade (headquarters at Osaka),
which comprises- the. Eighth and-Thir
ty-ieventh Infantry,- both quartered at.
Osaka, "and the Nineteenth Brigade:
(headquarters "at; Fushimi), compris
ing' the'NInth Infantry from Otsu; arid
the Thirty-eighth , from Fushiml. Lieu
tenant . .Generals ;' Prince 1 . Fushimi;
bshima ;; and _ Ogawa command, these
divisions respectively. The ..brigade
commanders are ¦ Major Generals Mat
«hura; ; FJrB{:';, Nakamufci.y. Second:;
Prince . Kanln, r the. separate . cavalry,
brigade attached to the. First Division:
Oseko,'' the, .separate artillery brigade
similarly attached; -AYamaguchi, Fifth;.
HaraguchK Seventeenth;;..'; Nishijama,
Seventh, ¦ and Arido', Nineteenth.
'. In transporting these ' , troops "over
sea the ; Japanese < have .the ' advantage
of a Very short r hauL* . They ; are > not
obliged to" keep^thei men aboard ' 8hip
more than-'a, very' few; days at the
most, and can therefore subject- them
to ( more.; crowding. -if r necessary, than
would \>e\ possible : if th'e -jo*ufney a ,were
longer. .The . offlcial, 1 estimate fbf space '
necessary"^,, per •man ;^ is ¦:•, 2 3.10 tons
ship's displacement. «. : It. ', is
popularly, believed; here "i In '-• Toklo,
where l mighty v little >. exact ; ; I n formation
comes ! tor^ the /"surface/ that a great^
many; trbops'wlil 1 be^ concentrated;' on*
the} island ' : of f Tsushima.' In r .tne Kor.ean
Stralts^-if \ Indeed % they i have "not ; been |
sent ' there ".already-rand \ that Ahentthe;
: Ume'cornes' they'; will , be simply, march
ed ~\ aboard /ship ¦ as .thick - as *> they v v. can
'stand "jandf hustled;- around'; to!, Haiju,
about a 'daj^sistearhlng.- .r V' i ¦ •/•-;•
:Aa a matter of factthe men. already
MAKE-UP OF SECOND CORPS.
a celerity and ease that are models for
any fighting nation. The second corps
has had thirteen days" in which to
mobilize, and as far as can be judged
by one who has no "more facilities for
observation than the extraordinarily
secretive Japanese#permlt its work has
been done as well as that of the first.
The last of them should be in 'UJIna,
whence It is expected they will depart,
within two days. . . . . •
Vicksbnrx Goes to Shanghai.
; WASHINGTON. April 2. — The Navy.
was advised to-day of the
departure of the Vicksburg from
Chemulpo for Shanghai. The Raleigh
and the collier Pompeii remain at
Chemulpo. ¦ . * •
TOKIO, April 2.— The Navy Depart
ment has no information concerning
an attack on Port Arthur by Vice Ad
miral Togo, reported to have taken
place during the night of March 30-31,
and it expresses doubt that another
general attack has occurred. In this
connection a naval officer said it was
possible that a few Japanese cruisers
were in the vicinity of Port Arthur
and that there may have been an ex
change of shots, but he was certain
that the main Japanese fleet had not
been engaged.
Doubts Rumor of Battle.
General Allen was recently stopped
by the Japanese authorities at Plng
j-ang, with the request that he go no
nearer the Japanese outposts, and the
correspondent of the London Dally Mail
at Seoul reported two days ago that
the Japanese had requested General
Allen to return from Pingyang to
Seoul until such time as they could
provide fitting accommodation at the
front for the military attaches. Gen
eral Allen is chief of the Philippine con
stabulary.
SEOUL, Korea, April 2.— Brigadier
General H. T. Allen, United States mil
itary observer with the Japanese
forces, Is about to start for Manila.
NEWCHWANG, April 2.— The au
thorities- here were considerably
aVoused to-day by the arrival of a press
b6at indiscreetly bearing two Japanese
servants, who were arrested and prob
ably will not be released for several
m,onths. On account of the fact that
the Russians have not yet arranged
the local .status of correspondents such
indiscretions are apt to be interpreted
as indicating co-operation with inter
ests inimical to Russia and to inspire
an erroneous conception of war corre
spondents in the minds of the Russian
authorities. The entire crew and staff
.of, -the press boat are under surveil
lance, and the vessel must leave on the
lirst. favorable tide. . .
j •¦ The Russian administrator of this
city 1 and port so far has been, liberal. It
i? being "managed in the interests of
commerce, allowing freedom to the car
goes of ships and placing no restric
tions on the use of the railway and tel
egraph lines.
TWO JAPANESE
SERVANTS OF WAR
WRITERS ARRESTED
AMERICAN ARMY
ATTACHE IS ABOUT
TO LEAVE KOREA
The Twelfth Division has its head
quarters at Kokura. It is composed
of the Twelfth Brigade, headquarters
at Kokura, and the Twenty-fourth,
headquarters at Kurame. The Twelfth
Brigade consists * of the Fourteenth
and Forty-seventh infantry, from Ko
kura, and the Twenty-fourth Brigade
of the Twenty-fourth Infantry, from
Fukuoka, and the Forty-eighth In
fantry, from Kurame. Lieutenant
Each brigade consists of two regi
ments of infantry and for each divi
sion there is a regiment each of cav
alry and artillery, with a N battalion of
engineers and a train, or transport
battalion. The guards are all station
ed In Toklo in peace times, although
their Infantry is recruited from all
over the empire. _The cavalry
and artillery are recruited from
the Tokio district. The brigades and
regiments of the Japanese army are
numbered individually, without ref
erence to the divisions and brigades
to which they are attached. - Thus the
Second Division is composed of . the
Third Brigade, from Sendai, and the
Fifteenth Brigade, from Shibata. The
Third Brigade is composed of v the
Fourth and Twenty-ninth infantry
regiments, both from Sendai. and the
Fifteenth Brigade of the Sixtenth In
fantry, from Shibata, and the Thir
tieth, from Muramatsu. The head
quarters of the division is at Sendai.
TOKIO, Japan, March 17. — Yester
day began the movement from Tokio
of the First Division of the army. The
usual notification was given to the
public that something "was doing" in
the military way by knocking to pieces
the train schedule, which had not yet
recovered its old equilibrium after the
wrench it got when the first corps
was' sent away last month. Not a
word of what is going on appears in
any of the local newspapers and no
one in any authority will discuss It
with even his friends. The outsider is
left to put two and two together in the
best way' he can. If the result is four,
well and good; If it Is not the trouble is
more likely to be with something else
than his mathematics. But this cur
tailing of the public service on the
railways means that the second army
is moving out to the port of embarka
tion.
It should be made clear at the out
set that the Japanese army is not or
ganized in corps. It consists of twelve
divisions, each composed of two bri
gades, and the Imperial Guards, In all
thirteen divisions. In peace times the
regiments number only about half the
men called to the fighting line in war.
The extra men used to fill up the line
to its fighting strength are taken from
the First Reserve. Consequently, when
the first order of mobilization was sent
out on the evening of February 6 It
was not a general call to all the men
liable for military service, but only to
such as were needed to fill up the regi
ments then under orders, or about to
receive them, for the front — wherever
that mythical place may be. The
troops selected for the first service
have received no official designation as
a whole, but for the sake of conveni
ence they may be called the First
Corps. They were the Guards, the
Second and Twelfth divisions.
The first objective now was Plng
yang, where the Japanese had a sharp
engagement with the Chinese in their
war nine years ago. To this point
troops were sent at once, and at this
writing the Japanese occupy It in force
and have sent their 'advance /consider
ably farther north, to Anju, where
they have had several little brushes
with Russian scouts. But still no,se
rious engagement Is In sight for ._ the
near future.
The naval successes have produced a
curiously mixed up change in the Japa
nese plans. They have undoubtedly ad
vanced the campaign as a whole 1 by a
considerable. time, possibly a month 1 or
more. At the same • tlme"^ they -'have i
delayed the' departure" * of' f troops .from *
Japan. The time It: would' have taken
to march up from MJasampho,' or .wher
ever, they might have .landed on" the
south coast of Korea, has been saved,
and it has not been necessary to start
the troops away from home. As a mat
ter of fact/if it were not for the un
favorable weather conditions, which
make landing still farther up the coast
not only difficult, but productive of
unnecessary hardship upon the men,
the second corps would probably have
been mobilized some time ago and al
ready landed north of Haiju, perhaps
even ud at Chenampho or even in the
Korean Gulf. The first corps was mobil
ized very quickly and transported with
When the order- was Issued calling
the reserves .of these three divisions
to the colors the plan of the Japanese
contemplated some much inore - se
vere work than the event proved was
necessary. Before the war beran
there was much talk that the; first op
erations would involve .the seizure of
Masampho, on the southern coast of
Korea, with its splendid harbor, as a
great base, from which the main ad
vance would begin. That Involved
marching practically entire Jap
anese army the whole length of ' the
rugged Korean Peninsula before even
a start was made at ejecting the Rus
sians from Manchuria. But at that
time the Japanese apparently had fig
ured on having to fight for Seoul and
Korea. The first naval operations,
however, resulted so successfully for
them that they were relieved of that
hard necessity, and were enabled to
seize Seoul and make sure of Korea
with hardly a struggle. Thereupon the
plans were changed. The main body
of the first army, or first corps, was
landed at Chemulpo, and aa events con
tinued to favor them several thousand
of these men were taken some seventy
miles farther by sea and landed at
Haiju.
General Hasegawa commands the
Guards, Lieutenant General Nishi the
Second Division^- a,nd Lieutenant Gen
eral Inoue the Twelfth Division. Ma
jor - Generals Asada and Watanabe
command the First , and Second/bri
gades of the Guards, respectively,' and
Major Generals Aklyama and Uchi
yaraa the Guard cavalry and artillery,
ilajor General Matsunaga commands
the Third Brigade, Second Division,
and Major General Okazaki the Fif
teenth Brigade. Major Generals Otanl
and Sasaki command, respectively,
the Twenty-fourth and Twelfth bri
gades, Twelfth Division.
KOREA'S SEIZURE EASY.
BY OSCAR KING DAVIS.
War Correspon dent of The Call.
Directors of Land Campaign Hope
to Strike Russian Line at
Its Very Center.
MUKDEN'S CAPTURE
THE DARING AIM OF
JAPAN'S WARBOARD
THE SAN ¦ FRANCISCO CALL/A SUNDAY, '•APRIL: 3, -190^
Continued on Page 26, Column 1.
23
NEW ADVESTISEMENTS.
TEE OXKZi A3TD TJCE BUS.
A Story of th« lanxoraac© of m City Olri.
The city girl coining down to break-
fast at the farm house and observing a
plate of honey on the table said, "Oh; I
see you keep a bee."
That's about the way some people talk
about the blight of baldness — Just aa lf
a bald head was something one grot all at
once instead of, being: the result of long
depletion by an insidious germ which
thrives upon the : roots of the hair and
succumbs to only one known remedy—
Newbro's Herplcide.'
Newbro's Herpicide is not a tonic any
more than electricity is a fluid. It Is an
exterminator, pure and simple.
"Destroy the cause, you remova the
effect."
Sold by 'leading druggists. Send 10c in
stamps for sample to The Herpiclde Co.,
Detroit. Mich. .
ATTRACTIVE
GIFTS
S.&G.GUMPCO.
. ART- STORE,
xi3 GEARY STREET.
Take nutmeg; one is not as
good as' another. Schilling's
Best, in nutmeg, is ground fine
from difficult nuts to grind be-
cause full of oil ; the oil is their
virtue. There are dry nuts;
there are wormy nuts. We an-
no more careful in nutmeg.. -
Your grocer's ; mooeyback. t
'<tiSS&' To flothers of Boys
] ' lf evei 7 mother knew wliat man Y mothers do know about
¦ •! our value^ in clothe^, we would have the entire trade of
San Francisco in juvenile clothing.
'^^^W Many mothers have found out that they can save in our
'%^. ?m^^^^' store from S2 - 00 t0 S4 - 00 on suits ' accordin g t0 the Q ualit y
'^^//^i^gf -. . of suit they purchase. That's why we are growing. , ,
ir^ -'^fh^^^^'M- Compare our $> suits with what you see elsewhere for
/ \^^^m S ?^^%> ; $7-W> That's the way to tell. Make a purchase. If you don't
| : W!M nc^ Our $>-QQ suits equal in every way to the usual $7.50 gar-
| .^jf* \^&X0S^i^^'^ m ?nt s of other stores, we will refund your money and do it
l^*li^ what more can we say or offer?
'^^^^^^^^^" Buster Brown Sui's Spring \Vash Suits ]
k^^M§^M0M^^3^ Tho-e popular little suits with Wash suits m charming styles'
E'on Collars, made of all wool and colors at money savin^pricesi
\ M^m^^ blue cheviots-rough twillgoods es RZ'J^&f
' piS3l)Spl that will wear; ages 3 to 10 years.
i^0^^M0&^0:^ Suits are on our sale counters Monday we place on sale six;
ii r^--^*$S'*3i*3»S^HV--v' ; ;-?^:-- j'fcii Ill-arvcu • . . biy.cS OT IxUSSlall DlOUbc W2Sn f
fc^^L ' Boys' Khaki Suits Boys' Hats
"c^i^W i Wm$m Boys' royal khaki suits for ; Light mixed sailor caps;- witlv
,Ssm| J . L .... , pbin.and n rfolk tops; a new^
J8B@fi& summer wear; just the thing for tyie for summer vve ar, suitab 1 '
play suits; coat and long pants; for girls and small boys, at 75c
• F^ms n\2de up in the norfolk style; and $1.00. fv.' ' r T\[^t^:S : '\i!-
W&& sizes from 4 to 17 years at $1.50 Boys' automobile caps, in
Wm a suit. ' white cloth and duck; also the
m& ' ' new norfolk -lutomobile caps
fflB ' ¥S; Boys' canvas leggins at 40c, . from 45c to $l;50. 1- &}¦¦:;¦<>•
818-820 /^APK^T 5T. t SAtt FRANQ5CQ.
VEIL ATCS ••S^gS la ? e %" t SHIRT WAsSTS
led In Vcill jjs for Easter. ChlTfcn of Ladles' Srtlrt Walsti at papular.
Drops Ve.ls. I ¦¦ ycrds orjg, ~_ prices.
5 o " KISSES of vcunp CO/? ETS ™t%£?$£
yard: SSU^J^r^: Ot Redu " d
UNDERWEAR gJ"iSSS HOSIERY B&'S^O^
Underwear /-3 re^ucr price ren'« Hose from /5c up.
EMBROIDhRY. .
& large variety of mbrcideries made to sell at 10c per yd Special, per yd 5c
MEBON BOWS flND CrilFF N PUf F> TIED F EE OF CHARGE.
IVe elm to give the^>est we car) for your money.
Basket Specials Tea Pots.
• * Wb'te er.omcl. 5 pts.; graceful, high
Office or Wcste Baskets made of shapi; sold everywhere for __
fancy woven split bamboo. Extra 75c; very special 56c
strong, at about 1-2 price. .
T*xii 25c 8,xi*i»....:.35 c BOWIS.
»«x!5>ji 45c Whit* enamel, first quality, bowl Is
7 in. over the top. 3 In. deep, wltb blue
LAUNDRY BASKETS gj^^^jtgggg /6
Wade of selected bard wood splints; t
27 in., special reinforced; on 14 k. Cold Filled Watch Chala war-
1 -»-«^^ rante 5 years: 24 patterns to select
WOOD BASKETS K~p S/.S5
K'tchen clean ond rjeat. and so bandy
on r . f aJ: wood: reflutar $l25: 79c Special Book Prices
CLOTHES fcii^S n7vV/|o^;Ss B , $ lLocn OP sttl ht " c^ n
wnflifs^fn^Slar^rlce"' P " ™ all ' new " rood, and orl^inS
cent less than regular prices. efiltiona. Nothln» shopworn or ee«H»d
$ l"?n h2SS!« *l*f2 A* Social Cock»trlc«. by Eldrtdre.
JfS MSmS*r« %'nn From Sea to Be*, by Kipling.
J'JJ nanjpers 3 CO Tk t L*r*te«. by Alice Smith.
Z.S0- temper* 2.OS x A Daughter of the Pit. by Jackson.
5.00. Haropers 2.23 r or a Maiden Brave, by Hotchklss.
2.50 Hornpers 1.83 The Method* of Lady Walderhum.
The Makir.e of a Marchtonesa.
If In n*ed of arjyth'03 •" tije Basket in Happy Hollow, by Max Adler.
line don't tljlnk of buying until you The G«nt!eman From Jay Louttlt..
hove seen our assortment ar.d prices. The Fighting Bishop, by Hopkins.
Our reputation Is for variety and Blkcy the Sklcycle, by Kendrick Bangs,
good values. And Many Others.
C O-C4 1? TS goon s^ s| wih Trunks at Factory Prices.
Be prepcred to s<ve beby an airing. Over 125 styles t> select from. What
1904 models. 33 styles as low others ad vertlse you'll find our prices
as 32.OO, and up to ... &J5 less.
xzrrvxs, baxo&s act shears geoukd azto &efaibxu>.
PICTUKE rBAMES OF ALL SSSCSZFTZOZTS MADE TO 0SDS&.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEJMENTS.
CLERK U. S. CENSUS OFFICE
PIIDCn RV " ¦¦ Dt DII II A
UUiilU Di rt-nu-lini
Half the People That Complain of Indigestion Suffer
-- 1 '/¦.¦'".'.,'':' '.'''''¦. " Vl ' " '-.'"'-''""'' ;-V ' .'¦¦"" — -— — ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '•"l\\ [ CONC^ESSIVfAN THOMPSON \\
1 t^^^^^^m^^^^^>^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^~~~^^fi' There Is no use of taking remedies ta
! l^^^^^^^^^^^^^-^-^^^^^^^^^^^--^-^ " la no more dyspepsia. N Taking artificial
¦- dleestants la simply temporizing with
1 • , th« difficulty. In thla way valuable tlma
ls ost while the catarrh Is fastening lt-
' v^^^^^^Jr^^^^^^$^»^^$^^^^^^Z:^^^f >e^ stronger and stronger upon the mo*
"^^^91^^^^^^^^ yS^^Blk A short course of Peruna now will
¦ • '. ¦¦ r -."7****T r •,•¦..- ',.'..'. '" "** ~~~~*;-, ¦ ' • tegic time to rid 'yourself of chronto
' claudej. klksats: j "**""> *** of the most persistent,
['¦ "To All Sufferers I Earnestly Recommend.* Trial of Pe-ru-na." c Stubborn diseases in the whole list
--« . . . . »««»»«.»«..,.,»««« »-« . ... ...»»»»?« i of human ailments.
•¦- .¦-¦-. ~~" i Stomach Trouble Cured After Three
Claude J. Kem, Clerk U. 8. Census Office, 1244 10th street, N. W., Waah- Vjll ™
- ington, D. C, writes: - . ' ¦ - Tears.
"For more than three years I was a sufferer from indigestion, Mr. Edward e. Conn, 315 woodward
and though I doctored a great deal during that time I was unable to s % e havThId C i£mzchtrZul\t 9 ior thre.
obtain any apparent relief therefrom. I finally concluded to try years up to one and one-half years ago.
n ' , r \. • , . .... , »• t- ' - r , when I first started with Peruna. After
reruna, and after using two bottles of your medicine I am free from takins one bottle 1 found relief, ao 1
the intense pains I used to suffer and am • fast regaining my former jpft,™ h e ra e e r d U / a tha°t r w6^fd S 8£ m"
good health. To all sufferers from indigestion I earnestly recom- Every bottle that 1 took made ma feel
ma nr l r, 4.w'/. / /»/ D^ ...... « " fi I A 1 1 1) c I If C u - ' better. When I began taking Peruna I
mend a trial Of Peruna. —CLAUDE J. KLM. only weighed HO pounds, and now I
' - - - ¦- ' weigh 160 pounds. I owe my health to
THE SPRINCTIMF l» THF TIMF Mrs. D. Xelson, 309 E Third street, Peruna, and highly recommend It to
int sfHiwuiimt 13, 1Mb iimt Jacksonville. Fla., writes: those who are suffering from catarrh. —
TO CURE CATARRH. _ "\ _ w _ ant . j°. you for the reat Edward Conn.
— "' 4^Sk I rlved from the Cured °' Catarrh of the Stomach by
Nature Will Assist the Action of ? j^^^, I Ts °tof €r "£S p C f "na at the A^ of 81 Years.
Pe-ru-na to Make Your Cure » fBT^®K3^& !! weather set in Mr. S. D. Foss, 116 S. E. Sixth street,
Sneedv and Pormanont ? >> ? l felt tire(i a n d Minneapolis, Ninn.. writes:
speeay ana permanent. Q y&S&K » worn out. had "I wish to congratulate you on your
¦ ¦ • « 7Mt Wrs& ? no appetite, and medicine, *Peruna. I am an old man.
-'• '• » '%^IJ2l *£lr could not sleep! eighty-one years of age. I have been a
APRIL. MAT AND- JVTSTE. ,, '£2JSk\Z^ Jr»**)lil/rt t a * night, and i, sufferer with catarrh of the stomach for
v, .-¦,,,•¦.,..,, , ,, \4M3l JlWilfl! ? when I would! over two years, but since I have com-
Aprll. May and June 'constitute the J ' ' ? get up in the , menced to take your remedy I have been
spring season. From an astronomical t , "jf/i*v**\£**S^NL' ; \ * morning I felt ! steadily improving, until now I can safe-
standpoint March has usually been reck- I •'•* I more w e a r y j ly say I feel no more of my olri trouble.
oned as a spring month. But from a prac- -iA ' (S>>1^<W^ " than when I re * £ nd as a matter of course. I will always
tlcal climatic standpoint March belongs ¦' „, V ,. I tlr u ed i M 7 b 5 c !5 S^'it 8^ <.iT°^l %«*?•?*• recom '
to the winter months Not until the " M i s s • Angelinef ached; I had mend It to- all my friends,
to tne winter months. Not until the J G rotton. 305 St. Ur-' headaches and \', . -V
twenty-first day of March- does the sun I bain St.. Montreal. o was sick all ( ¦ . ¦ »
reach the equator In Its Journey north- ,, Canada, praises Pe-<> over. Your Pe-i ,, Tf d t derlvs' nromnt and
ward, which brings us the first intima- J runa. $ runa was rec- '_-J,,Z^? n S2 ?^r n itnfrSrri Pth? *h?%r
tlon that the rigors of winter are pass- *¦— ¦ T . ommended so p 8 " Ct^,"»f „'„« ? n nr wlrt
ing and the balmy Influences of spring highly as a wonderful tonic that I was! ,-^™^Z.*£ n ?t?tJ£Jnt' n F5£*
are beginning to be felt. Induced to try it. and it really brought I -^n. giving :a Jull statement otyour
The spring months bring peculiar phy- a great change in a week, so ' that 1 • ?*?i ?hf« vainsibii n dv!?o erltf,
sical liabilities to those who : are well, continued its use for several weeks until y °A P^ Dr HarVmlif President
They also bring peculiar modifications in I felt as if I had a year's rest, and was nf Th- H»rtman slntortam Colum
cases of chronic diseases. There is a in perfect health, had a splendid ippe- ' of The Hartman Sanitarium, Colum- |
ohase of catarrh known as spring ca- tite, rested well at night and never had ,, ' v/ni "v - (
tarrh. We give a typical case. . a headache or backache. ¦ ...... ...... ....... .....I.W. W. Montague & Co.. the Pacific
Tank Company, Boston Woven Hose
and Kubber Company and C. W. Nevin
& Co. Hied a petition in the United
States District Court yesterday ask
ing that the Thomas Gold Mining
Company of Green\ille, Plumas Coun
ty, be declared an involuntary bank
rupt. The charge is made that on
March 15 the company committed an
act of bankruptcy by suffering /.. H.
Anderson, a creditor, to obtain a pref
erence over the other creditors by ob
taining a judgment against it for
? COL' CO and permitted: Its supplies,
tools and other personal property to
be seized on execution and sold. It
\b alleged that the company owes the
petitioners a sum exceeding ) 500.
Mining Company in Bankruptcy.
As soon as the police had been no
tilie«l of the woman's death Tobelman
was booked at the City Prison on a
charge of murder. He gave his age
as 20 years and his occupation as a
laborer. He did not seem at all agi
tated when ir.forixjed that his wife was
dead and displayed the utmost indif
lerencc.
The only motive for the crime the
police can find is that Tobelman's wife
had left him and had refused to live
with him again unless, he worked to
support her and their three young
children. '
Vnfortunltc Woman Succumbs to Her
Wound* mid He Shows No Emo
tion When So Informed.
Mrs. Mary Tobelman, who was rid
dled with bullets fired by her husband,
Frederick Tobelman, on Friday after
noon at the residence of her sister,
II rs. Ernest Harrub, €0S% Minna
•ttreet. died at the Central Emergency
Hospital at S ojclock yesterday morn
in;r and her bo%"y was removed to the
Slorsrue.
TOBELMAN* CUARGED WITH
.MURDERING UIS WLFE
The veterans of the Philippine in
surrootion will meet some of their
former foes in • friendliness* and good
fellowship at the Mechanics* Pavilion
on April 11. The occasion will --be- a
grand athletic exhibition, concert and
ball to be given for the benefit of the
Mt-Kir.non memorial fund.
The Filipino scouts, under com
mand of Major Ca.rrir.gton. will show
how muchXhey resemble Japanese sol
diers. The little fighters have proven
tlu:t they prize the right to wear Uncle
Sam's uniforms by promising to give
their best exhibition drill on that
night.
The Tagalo band, as good as Aguin
aldo's own. will play real Filipino airs
in public for the first time in this city.
A Filipino orchestra will render selec
tions on crude Instruments made of
bamboo, such as tire aborigines of the
Philippine? formerly u«;d. Their soft
strains will bring back to the volun
teers glorious moonlight nights in the
peace times ¦when they reveled with
the natives under the tropic skies.
Visitors will l>e given an opportunity
to tread through the mazes of the
waltz to this novel music after the
close of the carnival, which will in
clude what promises to be the best
nthletic entertainment produced here
• for a long time. The entire proceeds
will be devoted to the fund for the
erection of a suitable monument to
the famous and beloved chaplain of
the First Calif ornia volunteers — Father
McKinnon. This will be the only pub
lic appearance of the battalion in this
city prior to its departure for St. Louis,
where it will do guard duty at the
coming World's Fair.
Soldlrrv. to Give a Musical aud
Athletic Inhibition.
Little Brow n Men, 1'ijcle Sam's New
llUri.VOS WILL PERFORM
AT MECHANICS' PAVILION*
After Kennedy had been locked up
in the City Prison Attorney Xewburg
rando an nppJicatiun for a writ of ha
beas corpus for his discharge and it
was made returnable before Judge
Dunne tit noon to-morrow.
The investigation by the roiice, af
ter the killing of Robinson, disclosed
the fact that six men had been im
plicated. Five were arrested and of
this number Frank Woods, alias "St.
Louis Frank," was convicted of mur
der in the first decree and sentenced
to be hanged; William Kauffman was
convicted of murder in the second de
gree and sentenced to serve twenty
five years In San Quentin, and John
Courtney, alias "Leadville Jimmle,"
pleaded guilty to manslaughter and
was sentenced to «>erve six years in
fean Quentin. William Henderson,
who turned State's evidence, pleaded
guilty to manslaughter, but has not
yet been sentenced. Kennedy has
been discharged and "Kid" Goucher,
the sixth of the gang, has never been
captured. The cases of Woods and
KnulTman are on appeal before the
Supreme Court.
jOne of tie thugs convicted of the
murder of Policeman Kucene O. Rob
inson at Sixteenth and Valencia streets
on the morning of January 29. 1*02.
has escai»c-d punishment owing lo a
decision cf ihe Supreme Court that
"he should not have been convicted on
the uncorroborated testimony of Wil
liam Henderson, an accomplice. He
Is William B. Kennedy, alias Richard
Jackson, alias "Yellow." and the case
against him was dismissed by Judge
Cook sesterday, to which District At
torney Byington took exception. Ken
nedy was Immediately rearrested by
Detectives Taylor and Fitzgerald and
Sergeant Blank and booked at the
City Prison on a charge of attempt to
commit burglary at Cypress Lawn
Cemetery a few hours prior to the
'shooting and killing of Policeman
Robinson.
Is. liuniediately IiCarrested
im a Charge of an At
tcinpt to Conmiit Burglary
EVIDENCE IXSUFFIC1EXT
Judge Cook Dismisses the
TCase of One of Alleged
flayers of a Policeman
KENNEDY GIVEN
HIS LIBERTY
THE', SAN ; FRANCISCO; CALL,- SUNDAY.^APRIL;^;
24
W^WI^ __. _ _
;$ ° ~~ — " . ? The Jtems - ¦ tm^mm^ '^ :^f^- r: '^' Special.. °~"^ " • ¦". " ~ ~~°
i Business lost during .24 advertised: jMtT^ / _*\ Sale Goods The greatest aggregation
| rainy rtarch days must and J™^^ ordered by ~ of merchandise values ever
\ shall be made up during wee k ~ / /##^^i/*# »*<*# or tele- offered in this store. Study
j: ApriL while x qnan- T f ' MrM |7ii^Mi ~~ phone will not these rem arkable prices.
1 c o tity lasts. mfgf^0kW^ m AMERICA'S grandeststore be sentC. O. D. o . ! o
;J GP None of these Advertised Specials ivill be sold to the trade. , 53^ * A talented [vocalist will sing new popular songs daily in Music Depart me tit.. '!%£&
| Sales Overstocks and Short Lots Veilings Astonishing Special Sales
•J These price reductions are actual." The original price tags remain, showing you Thousands of yards of desirabe tuxedo style and' wear, at fully a third less than they can be
5 the former and the:April sale prices. Every . statement that-we make in. our ad- vciliD ? 8 V>^^ ',.«
*5 /f75K * jsatL'-? vorticiri/r ie o T^rtcifiiro *o/-f u~^,^a .,« K<» nnr nm- black and black^nd white mixtures — ° , * . -,
- ? N J^ : '(% ?¦';•¦ VertlSln g 1S a POSltlVe fact, backed Up by OUr pro , - timC8 the We pric . bc . Fine French Crcpcdc Chine -For street and evening costumes; In pretty
"5 rJ^* /XsS&dM tective monev-back Guarantee "" ., shades. of pink, nlle green, resedJ, light blue, cream, white turquoise, laver.d;r,
'? * V S\ ¦ •" ' - • & * — ginning Monday and while *^-^ champagne, tan, royal, rnaise, navy and black; an exceptional Ji.oa £2Q*%
V XrL V V Mflny Men> S Suits that have v been Sell- Jlf*f I quamity. la»ts, per yard . IOC a yard quality, on sale beginning Monday . ..... ,^. ." . . . OJC
i 5&'M&^ in^ $8.50, $9.50, $10.50, $11.50,%' iy Pattern Vdb and Drapes-To nuteh the Cordc( | It Khakl + Wl| J Sllk> - A grand collection of choice deslms and coloring-bat
t A v^"J.|S A cio^n «n ~^,,, ««. 4-u . \m M Ar\' coitume in all th- popular colon and rerv quality, extra heavy— the most- serviceable cf shiit waist silks and 4A A
/4 ' fliii 0W$ffl0k $I ?' 50 ' aI1 now at the one special^ 7 //« J^» -^"^ ' tUiS 73 oneof the prettiest-instead of. 5 oc a yard, April sale price. J9C
i* / m Mt'm-f^P^^mS^k P»*»Ce - s.r. : - . - :¦•-¦••_- -- - am a% dotted *«!•»« in met demand, -and come p an ne Satin Fou!ard»— In neat dainty designs and colorings— the popular fabric for
* OlV *SMJ M l : -fa-^iW8fcv$i j /a s 4t i '"' "j- . , f. , , b a great variety, of. itriking effect, tuch a, shirt waist suits-pretty tans, gmys, navy, goblins, brown, cham- £JO^%
S —3k 1 «\i r 9:^^W^^ ¦ . great chance f or ihe lar S e m ™ °f 39 to 46 chest, and graduating do ,, shading from dark to light, pagne, etc., the g:od 7SC and 8 c qualities, daring this sals OOC
% V#! lWif^fim^ Plenty of them ior the smaller men too. The suits in this lot in- Fancy Ponje* SlIJc-About ,000 yards cf the S^co quality striped pongees, In ,ev-
V:/- mTfw/ ' >' : lifi^^^ elude cutaway frocks in fine quality black clay diagonals, and dotted patterns on border, etc, etc.; price* eral different designs and very pretty color combination for waist and PZGj*
£ \ ' j \W Sad< SU ' tS in bUlCl< day ' alS0 bllle and bIacl< ser Z e > and uite a "^ frCm •¦•••• BO ° t0 S*' 75 dresse4 ' spccial b =« innln S Monday, yard ..... . i*+7U
t ¦ tA \i Pr¥^Bm few in neat mixtures. All sizes in the group. They should go Newat Tuxedo Veilings -v^ .. Sale Black Peau do Solo-A lirrl.ed quantity only of tiitse two very
*, :j li\ \ L/ : :V^23ftff? * • ,, . ,, • , c 11 1 • « *,, 25c t° $1*00 special va ues, cf this 1 oji tseful end seiviceabls silk, double faced, richly
i '•/ J -y n ::l5 V^lii ' 1 ulck| y at ltlls tt ' onijerfllllir low Pn«toclo$e-&Wfl-f%. ¦ Pompons for the Neck- AU color.. '..-. 25o " finis . hed ' warranted to wear well, 21 inch $1.25 quality 87o
5 1 llif ' PM« S^Sr^Sil^n^lM^^^lliS^ mm > m# $UQO Dross Goods .i^Vluk »i «^" iciSS
»V ft) i;1 f r-i'J^'V^Wfflrt belling at blO.OO, $20.00, $22.50, H*/ IvlGil S WWGS&i* blKk Str S es a . n .d chivots, navy and tan suitings, blue zibeline effects, and lijht
I III iiH S r^' a " "°. W a - tth ! 0 "! 8p . ecia if 1 W9 At Special Prices vi^.^ w : 6>a^t?'^^ ttic :'^ a -.67c
Jf J !, WMl W$k " M.R-* 1 * Sa!e of Half Hoje— An 1 importer's entire $1-50 Black Venetian Cloth 79c— 56 inches wide, extra quality, will make good s:r-
aV ill Wi? W#\ T 06 svlt$ ta ihfaL/ lot ¦' include cutaway frock suits of finest line of plain black and fancy mix- viceable suits and walking skirts, on special sals beginning Monday, 7f€k*%
%' \ A 1 Wj VffM black clays and unfinished worsteds; sack suits in both single and tuies,-ln erobroWereJ and lace effects; yard .................. .y M +9**
K \n \ Wl ?l\ double breasted styles in' black clavs and cheviots and a aoodiv more than 400 dozen secund by us 51OO Dreu Goods 63c-Only 50a yards of this very neat checktd suitings, In black
t -¦ \i «A - )m \M lot of fine blue ser^^^ for ths sal: at a price which enabl.-s and white 'and brown an\a white effects' for tailor. su.ts,-anda few pretty blue
$ 11/ ' MS WA " ot ottm | blu f.? er^' a| s° P^nty of nobby plaids and dressy mix- us to offer them-3 pairs for fjg^ an d gre.-n effects,^regularly Ji.o> and #1.25 a yard, April sale pilce .. 63c
J» • [m 4Pf \M tures * Sometnin g for all the. men, and here is another chancefor 50:; sing e pairs. .... . . . .1 M %* . • & '- .* * r .
i &jr^ thc c .**'*< me ? whojiave difficulty in getting clothing to fit-choice Handkerchief, - Fine Irish linen' "-^ - m~*+ ar
i 9 se-£fe^/^y. v Crookspyand Kitchenware
i Coats and Vests Boys and Youths 0 -kerchiefs; for the /private. ..2So Bargains That Will Appeal to Any Housewife
»' At Half Price -. TOO CoatS and - Men's JWO Golf Shirts— Good patterns, ' • _„ ; :i-i. -aL^jLu^- .'
*¦ - • a9a«»»f MM f*m-*M up-to-date styles, in solid colored blue InSSvSS&S? I r-^^l^^^^fiF^^^i^
V 54 of these in ell-Slra 34 » 4+; cutaway frocks, a few PWnce : KUSSian UOBtS . . . and light and dark effects; 79^ '®^S » J^^^^^I^^^^^
*x Albcr:s and s : nglc breastri racks, in back diagon'!?, chrviots and mix- All Sit Half PPiCt* for the April S3l:S. . .. • • " *9i* WzM&tffi ff*^
j^ :ur.-s. Aprii sil; pricM for th-si ccats and vests: . ¦ • *¦• . ¦""•*"• ****0%2 . ... f . .- . ... f^^M^«j-- ¦ r' __¦ ' • '' ' *jj "J^^ ¦ ¦ i ¦ ' I tr~i Vir
* S7 5OstvIc . . $3.75 S18.OO stvles . . S9.OO , Take your pick at half present price*. There are 63 coat* in the Men's Neckwear -Four - in ¦ hands* and [ \ 1 L * fc ~^^ fn^~~~'~ A — <'
ft ' 9.50 styles 47^ '2O OO sty cs IO.OO lot . fIiCS 2 /2 '-> 19 y="s, >ni they wiil (juxkly gj into service at these t-'cks; beauti ul pa.tirns; mad; of j^^^ ¦^s^srsasg-
2* 15*.OO ttvlc * '. '. 7!bO 25^00 ntvlcsl . V2.5O r riccs: . .-¦.'¦ . . " fint silks; gcoJ joe and 75c valuts; \%%%%^\ J^X&m, Nickel Plated Oas Stove -
k * $3.45 coats . . . $1.75- $7.50 coats . . . $3.75 r . thls saie « 3 for I1.00; giZQ M^ftt /^3!k0&&t> , burner, high U im: , >
t Men's Bicvcfe Suits 5.00 coats . . . 2.50 10.00 coats. . . 5.00 each • ****** $k^M h^^^^^ ~r r ~—>. —1
I Irit? " * „ „ . G.OOcoats... 3.00 12.50 coats ... 6.25 Minhatian Shirts-The best ready-to-wear W%M&\ -¦ .. '"¦ 'S' 'I- V Vci oa
ar At Hat f Price ... e.5O coats ..... 3.25. -...,.„ shift in the* market; the new spring l^^^^ll Sleere Board !«nd Iron- For ironing shin wal»rs coolc uove fcr - -51.V<>
** _ . ' * . r . , r . «... ¦f M ., Jk | C».-*^^ -M^^. •.-•- SWeJI UD-tO-date patterns and St/les; '„ . .' , and infants' wear, a 3 foct board, tapered and
h Only 64 su'ts-^utwcrth your comm; for at half pnc-. Noting NOVOl SUltS fOr .,.„-. new grays, tms and blues; cuffs Hardwood •; wUe fitted t0 b a« t,r .tand, iron long and apered, N i C k e I PI a t e d Troasjr
* «Tong with^hem, but .we w .nt to close them quickly, to give , you th: ,.* Tht* SntSlli fllll/O : •' "¦ attached and detached; all Sizes. .... coreredadjoauWe rcm6vl y e j^, ; ce Hanger- Keep, ceajes in,
£• ia:ts rcr the price of the breaches alone. - ' ; '• -= •- ¦• -• I UG Offf««ff BOyS $1.5O window «cre:ns, . , . . .' * r -_ * •.
J> ¦ -¦- ' - ; •¦ W • r lf^ J> - / : ''^-v -¦- : '^0%^g%gm'' V ¦ ' ' * *• ' ' ' ' *•'*-" ' '.yr' aOU ,g i n hjghi "' '¦' * I#OO » lllc P nce Ior - c l °» ' * * '''?.:¦ prevents . bagginj, spccal-
tf $5.00 suits • • • 52 50 f $8.50 suits ... $4.25 HQUUCCU tO $2.95 .-. Madras 'Pa|ania>— Spring novelties; suit . spread. ,4 1".i 9c 100 White Crepe Paper Napkins 17c a: ........ fQ C
¦Jf 6.00 suits • • • 3.00 10,00 suits • ;.;•>• .5.00 v&T/itrUlessJ/wi > J&^ . . ..-.:..*..".•.. $1.25 Hard Wood Up.Botrd-36 incbt* lony, *ne ; . Tartfe Cuspidors— AH m«al, oxidized ctp;er
V 7.50 SuitS • • • 3.75 12.50 Suits • .. > 1 ' 6.25 The few in ths Tot that were | S .oo had been reduced from ,* 6:00. All N:ght Robes-Good quality muslin; white .Me curVe<Tta eonform with the body, .in- Mtb, saniury arxt «ghtjj, for parlor « .Ur-j
aV :/-.'¦¦ ... \ • . - V were good Jilleri at the former pncet.*nd are tn perfect condition. We , n H iwwtrimmf i ' efl A , , •- ... ¦ jj-, ¦ Ing room, price '. $1'.SO i
*; A big lot of Boys' Sults-Thx »*c geojValuW.t ii^^Bw^r^^S^feaif^^itt^Sfe : and lancy.trrmmeJ. . . . ... . SOo «ead of |i.oo, «lc P nce . .... ¦^fPo^^^^S^^i^^^^iS^
k tbe former pneej, Ss-45 to 95 -tailor and «ii!o r NorfoJki for boys Tbrjr.ne made cf the [finest «erges and cheyiptt, and beaudfully trimmed; Natural •¦ Merino Underwear. and : fine Bal- Wood Chair Se*ti—To put on your old chain, ' .. . , . v. . .... .:.'.:¦.:. 2Oc
g» up to xo, and 2-piece niks fir, -boys up to 16 yean, aU now mirfeeVl a timely chante for the. parents of i^uU'boytj yourchoxeat two brif gan— In CCJU and bfue shades; first quafity, all »iies and «hapej, whh bras* Jap-a-Uc, the new wood finish for floorr, fa--
tl to quickly c^>sc .. . . .......... . •.-.¦.-.". $1.85\nlnety+flVO. - - - ." "¦ v: / ; -. "•/ "' > ¦• £a:ment . .V-i .; : ?:.;•:-;¦:: $1.OO nail*, «?ecial ..'..':.... . .*. . tOo nitnre, etc., can . . . -. 2&o'
»C A j- . ¦¦*%*% ¦ jf>-- : • rf ¦ jftrt .fum jn. ; ar" : jfc-r ¦¦.-¦'•¦¦¦ -- ¦ ¦¦¦¦"* "*— ' -¦ ¦ • • ..... ¦ ¦' - -s '* M; >? a^^ Dinner Set — For 6 persons, the /" -.,„>,
i $5.QO $xo-Garfs $3.88 Sale Stamped Linens Another Bits r&^^S American beauty shape, f %^%
Z _ . . ., , ¦¦¦', , ¦• ¦ ¦ -••¦-_ •¦-¦ m ¦_ ' m '"¦• ¦ ¦¦ wmm r^r mmmm^ m ' \. m* f 0 1' t^rt \ semi-porcelain, as thin and ( '-%%'p.
* : Beginning Monday and dur-. •*»*,> Embroidered PffGCOS MS ***•**% mm *%£ Wl* ' Mtiitk white as China, only $4.90 V llf 7
X ing Week while quantity \ c . . • . %JfMt%2lrBMB*M Oaf New Style Welsbach Lamp— For (T^fi
it lilr/a r»i/-tiif/a \irith ror\in- Wfii Zor,A.. (^ 1~w.~;a~ ' ¦ ¦ " «•" Y/v:. - ¦¦ ¦ ¦ regu ator, doub'e frame cap mantle, and the n=w opal globe with air holei; , V&9
l> like picture, With reclin- gg- ready for embroidering, in pretty new floral de- O*±m*4*% Dm*%*% wwdsewtereji.js.our April «ie price. . 69c
g ing reed back, mbber-tire 'pH^f . Signs at. these CUt prices : : . r^UfW^mmM afmftrCaf 6 wb5tc Km ;.porcelain : teacupt .nd..uceri, : Semi-porcelain Gold Dtcorated Plate, and
£ WheelS, etC.; the kind tO \ 400 25C Squares and TrayS at 19C *%2~m-m>mm> regularly Xoc for . . .... ._. • -ffO Salad Bowl-, each .lOo
i take on the cars; instead^^^tl 400 40c Squares and Scarfs at 27c CigHPS ¦ S ¥ '*? *ft* r *? °
I Of S5 00 ADril Sale ; Drice ' m" C •-.-¦•¦:¦. :-•¦- ¦¦- ¦¦- ¦•¦.- ¦ . English Stmi-Porcelain Dlnuer Set fa « Thin Blown Engrared Water Tumblers, 4
» Ul vJ-UU, nuill .ZHllV \JUX.C\ur 600 50c Squares and Scarfs at 33C EILitho.. . . 1O for 25c persons, in the rich flow blue decorations, $7 pwdozen. . . . . . 80O
** *• "- ' : ' " : ' ?V. ..'¦'• ™r* \ 200 Hand Embroidered Centerpieces- Good quality" of lawn. / Box of 50. $1.25. - #.-»-»-»-* worth .<0~tg~+ TUT-M ¦ Eg** >
X Reed Body Reclining Back Go-Cait-With scroll front thrt Such pretty designs as poppies, daisies, strawberries, Msnati 8^ 25c £.£fC?{?<S up to JOG Ft* Mm m3C
$ can be adjusted iniependent of the backfall latent im- .ferns, carnations, torget-m:-nots and conventional eff;cts; Box of 50, $r. 55. . .. ..... . \ j- • ' t '•" j-j Vr.V
f provements, lor .$4.95 • thesi ate exceptional values; each piece a work of err, and ' p/r 1 Y ¦•»( 9K~ Thousands of yards imitation torchon Jacet and iniemow; iplendid wash laces*
fc* A ful line Cf the test make go-carts from ..-. .... :¦'. not a piece In the lot Worth less than *2-C0; «#%*» S R»l '*f\»t,*n ° - the new patterns u:eJ for tnmming all sorts of wash materials and a hundred of them *g_
¦* .,". ..... . $2.75 up to $35,00 April sale price . . .......... '...:. «7Ofr ¦> 5 ' * / - 3U ' to *e'.«ct from; in widthi from \% to 4 inches; qualities worth op to 15c a yard,
K mm^^' tmmmmm^^ mm ± m i^^ m — m Midfi in the West Indie*. A prU tale pri« .-..'. . . . • . • • . .'. ... . ". . . .-. .... .
I ?FV sa'eJi^iGanMati^ Sale I Furniture and Carpet Sales That
i Musim Undergarments and ~* 01.^^^ _
1 .^ "f^ Ie ;tS r rifSooic 1 nd cambric "">»'* W °™»'s Mfo {f% WJJffl |Bffl 1
£ in French style, trimmed with dainty laces UGr nasr ttOW - !^t^=^&_ | . ¦^^¦^jP L^^ f '~ js^ \*g& Wi jjj^jfflll.^^r^
V \J V \^ ' * M ' 39 Hnd M.50,djrlng this Slle, each . ' *» O O Si.oo quality infants' kid Button .Shoes, ~~^ — " H I j^^^^raJ P .1'
J? S^tt Women's.SKirt Length ChcmlsC-Fine nainSOOki P'tent leather tip,,'si Z -» 3 and 2^ only, fg^^^^ r~ -r^PT 5^SL- •" ' - •" rnrT^ 1 " Sr T; : . ' ' Go'den Oak Sin^e" Pillar . Extension TaSk
2 '/ a embroidery or lace trimmed; regularly^* W€> A; " ' ' -" ' ' " * * * ' ' " *°° *-—?i*r-r=~itt ;;• .1- ' bT^Z^ffe :>;¦¦' .„','<*' , .', Fi^ 6ailh 'H- nwe<i »' maxeid^mg%O^
X H i $1.75 and ?2.oo: during thli sale. . . *i4o q«l»ty, bhildrcn'» al!-kid Lice Shoe*, V *. • U V. , * * p a ? y^ = g|F • Th>l ! Boolt^. CMe » P wa » . .of $13.50, le«szo per cent .^#Q«O€/
J - I - Women's. Short UnrJcrsKirts-Of. fine nainsook, St^^gSfs^p Solid Oak Dresser This Dre^er- Ala- •
|/- \ lace and ruffle trimmed; regularly J5#%^ 9 f 11, C, D and E w-dfh» . .$1.08 —VVith 22x28 ,in. : hogany.birdscyei ma- ;?' Gol j cn ;^ Co!onUlH : gh Pott Iron 'B.-d-Fu!l size
%' /I A $1.00; during this Sale. . . /¦;;'' ;*9&C M»s:i\*i. 7S all-kid L a « Shoe,, tpring ...F«neh bevel, p'ate pie or curly blr^ , P^cK~ Trench beyel : tcaof <7 -. M only, variety of coloring in tiad of 5 15.00,
* /.'I th'W' Wcmen-s WhUt PeUicoats- Fine cambric, umbrella flounce, hwl» and extension soles, sizci 1 2 to a, now :n,:rr a r; rtgularljr ¦ best amstrnction; m- , ro ; rrof . flne wklB ,n--- IK ; ..; if 7>t , nLW # -. - ; . . . .. . . $f2.OO
* £-<$-•¦¦ c:u»rer of tock N e'C; a J1.45 value; during this tale. 88c •¦-...... i V. -.' : $1.18 $l^^°' i' 8 ' 2O p " * ° *37.5o, 1"» - |h5p . ; m teadof537-5 o » p r cent, Hard-Maple-Frame B«i Spring, roj« ei S e,
aV Mt^f^S^^ <?^N^ Women's Cambric Skirts— Deep pmbrella flounce of fine lawn, r -j;.,. t , ', ; . '•-' ,, ', '¦' ., ¦':. cent » ' ".^V^' Jess 20 per cent. ' : *f*— *w»> " and best suppott nude; iartead of {3.50,
i. $io.ao $30.00 .. 530.00 $2. B0
£ /^* *'*;'«' "iV ¦'•\' & -/^ torchon in.erOJn, . deep lace iuffl: and Su:t ruffl:; a fa. 15 Ladiei' S3.00 all-kid patenf leather tip Lace ~~~" ~"" s -~^*- v -- N -~^-~- "« -~^- " >^-s-~ —
V !!^^R^»l*K!Jyfet- : Tau C; during this sale . ; ....... ... $1.4-8 ' Oxfords, Leuis. XV heels, now \'S2i28 '' S^ /^-rsft^-J-' -' *'" " ' ' '"• - "'A /*? ' . il a^-STfc *¦! ¦ ¦¦ Vli »J iTatr J1> aT-B Jl #
S MilP ;iSfe«?P^W^i«sS &ilS^^P -^^a^^ft -»" -ftfiW- - A \pompartspn-pf
6 -W^^^^r Twenty-Kvj Styles White Skirt* — All trimmed with beautiful '"th er t,p, hand turned «o c Lace Shors, SBKWrnfi TM^ " WlW&l afl-^. .^^ aOn«iaT^^^
V patterniof fine embroideries and laces; values from $6. 50 to now • • • • • • • .';•;. $2.68 Fm\f/ ff U ' . '^'' » h/Sl V ' " C#«aT afvOtt BM*E'&&'
JI " ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ". $12.00 each; during this wle . :.•..•. . ¦": .$4.95 Women's 5350 al!-kid LaVe Shoes, estin- ; . JX^TS^ . %£;*' J "'t j '- V ' V-'' |^^y ifc^^L' "' •"~T' ; ;¦"*•- '"• ' -V": '-"^ -V^
£ Women s Short Underskirts- Good nainsook, Women's Umbreila Drawers— Very: best cam- * on lolc '» P«ent leather tips, high :eath.-r fe^i^ tj^^. : ( .Compare our prices. (which includes sewing, lining and
%' !awn flounc-, Duchess Uce insertion and lace brie; the -deep lawn flounce, tucked with - heel., now ..:/.; .... jf^.Cff ? / J • ..fj / S J . : V / fMl If ' laying) with those of the cxcWe. carpet , store! and then
k* m r.,ut..,t. fine tucks and lace trimmed; another style Atout 300 pair* \VcmrVsi?.eo kid Lace '^ ' .*:.{' ! " ." • " * » I] ¦ . (I. ..' . make your decision where VOU Will buy VOUr\ carpets.
I W^MmSm^mmm^m SlSiiiii •• ! ¦- ¦ ill • Mil ;^?^ Tfteca^eis, , -.¦*&
I Women', Orawers-Soft finhh musUn. and Ten Style,, Women', Gown, -Cambric 7and ths / A to D lid l^i^'i i»« , 3-Piece Parlor Suit- As above/-- Art.Nou.eaa deugn, upho.steredjn .¦ .^^ _ . . . . Roval WUtT . : . ... ! . . . $2.8ii
J. good cimbrics, ruffled, tucked, embroidery r.ainsooTc, »<;uiie and round necks, Empire now «3p § m%S%S *ilk damask; instead of {65. oq, less 20 per c:nt 4*fS^f%g% • ;.oo . . . .'... . Bige ow Axm : nsttrs $1.65
f; and lace trmmd; regular^ 65c and --» r » nd Surplice styles^lac: trimmtngf, etc.; £r* ¦^¦', ' •'-¦•V *: ¦ '.; ; . -^ : • : . •;.'• V, •¦--• ''- ; - '• "-v •'¦•>•>'•' ''' ' V-S : -''*' '.-99^m%»V^ ¦.. . o^;;. .". . . . Savonnerii Axnrnsters . '. ..... . $/» 75
jj rfr-m^mm^sae sssssfsf _^_; i^si
»C Women's Drawers^-Umbrella style, fine cam- Women's 51.50 Oowns— Choxe. of a do^en tij Law Shoes; with spring lieels, sizes 6>£ K o:d sUk damwk; tiutcad .of^5.00, kss 20 osr «nt . . . JilJji;-- "¦ ! !> ;* ;'. '. . Smth'sAxminst.-r, > \ " *.'. * *. Vj/lSS
%• brie, with deep lawn ruffles, lace or. ern- pretty styles. V made c of best .- nainsooks ; and . taJ.regu'arly Ji^s, 11:35 and- SJ1.50,: J,"'- 'Combination Fo!din< Ekd— Fine qnartcf-sawid foHen v s : \$i.oo 'and iVoo" . *. Sm th's Wilton Velvets . .* . "; . -* $1.85
»? broidery trimmed; $t.*o values^ jyjj^ cambrics :^nd well trimmed; during Jqj,^ ."• > * U .«^ u «4 :o •¦•' : " : -^ • • -'©OO ¦ 02k- desk, wafdrtbe,? cabinet and .b:d,. all in- onV^ $1. 3S ..V... ; . Smith's Wool VeW. ¦¦;.': . . . $1.25
» during this ule ...'..;. .PoC ths sale .......... . ; ..^O0 Little -Gents*, f 1.50 vici kid Lace Shoes,- fail — ' W' instead of 'lisf.'so, /-leis'so^pcr cent*. _^_ VlJ» ' • 'Ji.»5 • • • • • Bigdow-Lowi'l B*ly Brussd* . vc .. . .$1.55
ii nnn.fhfr*H (Iff All Fif Itch Lfnat»rft> ¦ round'tee,si«s 9^to_lj^ f now.;^f.|^. >*^ .......; .'• -V • •• VOGmUU Si. 50 .. Whittalls, Worcester and ether tody B.us3rb .. $1.45
g une-thira on an trencn Lingerie r - MtIn shoe ;heel$ind M. : Vern5l Martin weathered o«k Table * liO - •••• • stin Wn Tapemy B^es. io-wi,e -. ... .si.io
5 S-mYwonderfuI bargains among the French underclothes during 1 his «le V - extension soles, excellent value at Jico WS- Verms Martin uow ncaintreo u« laoie j,:, o . i . . Sanford'* Tapesry Bruss.-h; ic-wtrs . . . . $1.CO
K CCnnf««1Onnr)i,.,«; " « >l #Ul ?« ;¦«^ 9I lY s«si 3 Vndi3^only;'redGc"ei to'.a^ c " .-¦' :: : : «3 ¦'¦ 'Pedestal— Hand-decorated, • —s8x 48-inch top; the' ft'.io :'• .... Smith's Tapeitry Brass*, lo-vtrz^'.. .'I $J.*)O
% 5 6.00 tO $32.00 GOWnS «•.• • • • 5 4.00 10 $ 2134-r ; __ - - •„« "-T- ' "'i»M.^ - hK « .. t ; i ; ," ' .»• • • ¦¦¦'¦ '*l.7«. . . . • • • . Inlaid Lin »leums . . . .---. . . .$1.65
K iflOf« Heftn«. 11B « ' I19»« IIM Mon'9$3*BO IStOO SHOOS- :M :W in the, newest light-color popular Muuon design; in- «, !« • ¦ - In »b FilUncs ¦ I * On*
it 1.98 tO 17.50 DraWCrS ••:•. • 1.32 TO ! 11.67 V - Patint colt skin, welted sole, roT the April ' f ? j > «• / f « " : * * ' ' ' ' * ' * * P ............. . »£io
5 J.98tO 10.00 Chemises • .' . . ; 1.32 tO 6.37 ; ."-«»«» P?fr- /-.-•'• — *- — **»6£ ;'.'¦; W :• ' ; :.^. s - mtteld ° V*' ?Oi ;. : lteadi ° r »3S.oo,. I« *o-; r -Above quotations are on the most impcttant grades of
•? ir>o '. in ff#> *»-. • i.«. v* -. ¦ oo V - ftA . vf"I> v " ' V/' /' jr.' -^5^^ , . now' less ao per cent . . . percent-. . . . '. . . carpets. On the inexpensive Brussels,' Ingriias Lir.o'ecraj
ft 1.98 to J0.50 Corset Covers . . 1.32 to .7.00 And many other short lots /jSa. **L»Ahi *~ o nn Oil c:o:hs, etc. our reductions arc ev.n more sweeping
\ I2.00to 35.00 Skirts. . . . . . 800 to 22.34 at equally >*as low prices.. /United :¦ States Judge Morrow yes
terday. allowed an l appeal in\ the case
of the UtalT-Nevada Mining Company
,vs. Joseph 1 K. de Lamar
Appeal Allowed.
Joseph Feld, ex-policeman, who
was convicted by a Jury in Judge
Dunne's court on a charge of murder
for shooting and killing Fritz Dirk
ing, his father-in-law, appeared for
sentence yesterday. Attorney Alford,
when the case was called, asked for a
continuance for two weeks to enable
him to prepare a "motion for a new
trial and the Judge, with the consent
of Assistant District Attorney, Whit
ing, granted the continuance.
Nicola Crude, • convicted by a Jury
in Judge Lawlor's court of a charge
of murders with the penalty of im
prisonment for life, 'appeared for sen
tence yesterday. 1 He shot and killed
Prospere Migale at Green and Kearny
¦ streets on November 8, during a quar
rel'about a bootblack stand. Attor
neys ¦ Gould and ' Splnettl, when , tha
case ,was ' called, said they intended to
make a motion for, a new trial ind
asked for a continuance. By; consent
I the case was continued till April ».
Granted Continuances to Make
Motions for New Trials."
Joseph Feld and Nicola ; Crude Are
CONVICTED - MURDERERS
APPEAR FOR SENTENCE
• A hack was summoned and O'Neil
was sent to the Central Emergency
Hospital. Dr. Wilson pronounced him
out of danger, but ordered that O'Neil
be put to bed to rest for a while.
O'Neil soon- Insisted on going home,
however, and left the hospital.
Dr. Wilson expressed the opinion
that the victim will feel no effects of
his experience after a day or two.
A. B. Blanco, proprietor of the
restaurant, rushed downstairs and
started the elevator with its uncon
scious passenger to the main floor. .
John J. O'Neil, temporarily em
ployed as engineer in the Poodle Dog
restaurant. Eddy and Mason streets.
came near being asphyxiated yester
day afternoon in the basement of the
building. While O'Neil was firing up
shortly after 6 o'clock a pipe con
nected with the ammonia tank that Is
a portion of the freezing plant of the
place burst and in a second the cellar
was filled with the noxious fumes of
the liquid.
O'Neil was overcome, but managed
to reach the elevator. Once in the
cage he tried to pull the rope to
ascend to ' the floor -' above. Hi3
strength left him. however, and he fell
to the floor.
In the dining-room at this time
there were some sixty or seventy
guests. The fumes of the ammonia
permeated the place and in a moment
the room was cleared of its patrons.
John J. O'Xeil Narrowly Escapes
Asphyxiation in the New Poodle
Do? Restaurant.
ENGINEER IS OVERCO3IE
• BY FUMES OF AMMONIA
The name of. this paper was later
changed to the Outlook, and it Is
still conducted by Dr. Abbott. At tho
present time it Is one of the leading
publications of its kind in the world.
A few months ago Dr. Abbott pub
lished a biography of the life of
Beecher, which is regarded as the best
history ever issued of the life and
writings of the * world's famous
preacher.'
Dr. Abbott was always a close
friend of Beecher and no one knew
him better. Beecher chose him as his
successor before he died and always
regarded him highly. Dr. Abbott Is
known as a great preacher and Is to
day recognized as the leading expo
nent of the Congregational doctrine ia
this country. ~\ •'.£,*;*
"I will remain In California for
some weeks," said "Dr. Abbott last
night. "I have been invited to de
liver a course of lectures at the First
Presbyterian - Church. \ Berkeley, and
also to speak at the University of Cal
ifornia. I delivered several lectures
on my trip en route j and I was very
much impressed with the people I
came, in contact with."
Dr. Abbott will conduct the services
at the First Congregational Church.
Berkeley, this morning. To-morrow
evening he will be the guest at a ban
quet at the Plymouth Congregational
Church in this city. He will also
speak In this city before his depar
ture.
Dr. Abbott is best known as the
successor of the late Henry Ward
Beecher. When Beoeher was In the
heyday of his career Dr. Abbott was
closely associated with him and oc
cupied the position of associate. editor
of the Christian Union, which Beecher
edited. When the latter died Dr. Ab
bott succeeded him as pastor of the
Congregational church; New York,
and also as editor of the Christian
Union.
Rev. Dr. Lyman Abbott, the Im
mediate successor of the late Henry
Ward Beecher and one of the most
learned and eminent divines In Amer
ica, arrived In this city yesterday
morning after traveling: leisurely
across the continent. Dr. Abbott Is
here expressly to deliver the E. T.
Earl course of lectures at the First
Presbyterian Church, Berkeley, under
the auspices of the Pacific Theological
Seminary.^ >'. - '
Dr. Abbott came to this city by way
of New Orleans, -where he stopped
over several days. While here he will
be the guest of the various Congre
gational clergymen In this city, Oak
land and Berkeley and in addition to
speaking at the Presbyterian church.
Berkeley, he will deliver several lec
tures at the University of California.
Succeeds Late Henry Ward
Beecher as Leading Expon
ent of Congregationalism
NOTED AS A PEEACHER
Rev. Dr. Lyman Abbott
Comes to Deliver Earl 1 Ser
ies of Theological Lectures
FAMOUS DIVINE
HERE TO SPEAK
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, SUNDAY, .APRIL 3, 1904.
25
The Emporium's enlarged pho- protection^ //0 U@^ f * advertised April Sales of Overstocks and
tographic reproduction of the our jnfc r O^i£?>##/ ' fi%/%4 l J r J A * fff ar <f° r Short Lots. Prices cut right and
Evening Pet elephant free to every comer absotoU frM%M left t0 make * VOlume ° f
to-morrow. Get one and sec how easy it is money- _— ~ mm " ~—^ Trr- -¦¦•"'•^/••v -^^ —^— -^csp» during week , • ..*> . • .
tocoun- the bi- dots. back CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST^^# [mT|TrM^^i while business now. . \
o o guarantee. -»g5g^jtfflB' - WB AWILHICA'S GRANDEST.STORE, quantities last. 0 _. o '
£2r*" None of these Advertised Specials will be sold to the trade. C=^ES ' GP A talented vocalist will sing'new popular songs daily in Music Department.
A Ghaiienge Sale of Hundreds of Curtain and Drapery Short Lots at
$904- Wash Fabrics Lowest Prices Ever Quoted on the Coast
35c to SSc Swisses 22c This season's Summtr Wear Lenos — In a variety of weavei. There is a new buyer in charge of the big curtain and drapery; department,, on main floor, who has spent ¦^.-.^Lg m .j—m -.,
importation o! real embroidered and an^ "f 1 ."' inc ' uiin 5 " tin . stripes,^ open work somc wee t s j a carefully sorting over the stocks, weeding out all of the short lines of which we. have but a few pairs .^^^^^^^^i^>^^£^3<>
dotted iwiises, ia light and dark "J inZh^l v-'rd'" ""^ COIOn fSC or « f cw pieces of a kind, carefully sizing up the overstocks, and the result ot his investigation is the most sweeping
grounds end the shade, for evening rjnth-TVo ««-! of th-s- much u.-d rcductlons ani rac3lcal P rlcc cuttings we have ever indulged in in this department. •....,
¦ vc , f . a .... ,. ',^0- sssor'mcn' o' S j ,e n e. • v. j \ V" • t. • k Understand u« aright. These reduct'on* »re not made on old, shabby and unsalable merchandise, but on the bright, new plea»inj *Ttv— ;')T~fi "-^JTv^^i W»-. J: * v 'uf5f^«- < ?l
wear, a xery .arge assortment o. good. (fuU 36 .nche. w^e), ch.mow finah; drl^ riei fof fc df,. housekeepen want mo. cat thu time of the^year than any. other. The regup price, tl,at. we qio* below were V^S, fe. | TO^ ] WUiWFM
sty.es and effects to te cct from; F er p.ece of twelve yard. . . f -g*\ marked on these good, last ««k. The only chang-a in the goods this werlc i. in the poice^ OuP bid lOS8 your bi^ gain in //\Y\t- ''WF rVMfc : M
ccmacscing Monday, *&* *vmmmmm thi* department above a 1 othrn. " , - . ' /"''.* IvC^V %/V'W} A
yard Aviulur Bed Sheets and Cases — Good bleached Figured Cretonnes — 30 and 36 inches , 50 inches wide. Up to $5.00 styles; tz\ 't n '^f : *ii'
,c . *« x* j « v j 1 v nt „ sheets, fu i size for double beds wide - Oriental' and floral patterns, 65c to 75c patterns; now, yd. .... .40c now, each ..... .$3.50 /A YLo r" \\ -!%J f* Wtf.-:4M ¦
15c to 20c Madras 9c Yard— *><« * /o,» ort ; nr h*.\ »«^r«.^ -«r? .1 in rcd » S^ecn, blue and tan. 75c to $1.00 patterns; now, yd. ...50c Up to $7.00 . styles; /(. \ypA N^ -^S ¦ •-•'ftV.Mft'-lIrl
8 maiJ iot nor the ordinary kind, (81x90 inches) undressed, and a! I2 i^ c 8 , ; atterns; now> yd _ 8c $I^ O , $z.a 5 patterns; now, yd. .. .65c now, each .....$5.50 %J>C%\ i^^^WM
¦ but thousands of yard* of real mad- less than mul cost o. the materials; " a oc and 95c patterns; now, yd.. xa$£c Fringes— Suitable for drapery^- and Table Covers— A va- •- . • ¦) Af^ * 'flSw ' wf *^P?ftH I
ras, 32 inches Wide, full range of commencing Monday,^--- Hungarian Cloth — 1200 yards, 36' furniture, variety of colors; for- riety- of' patterns, in . V>. //%// > -. ; 'v'S#'" : .|
colorings; all first.class seasonable each . . %3 1 %S inchcs widc> in Oriental designs, ¦ mcrly 10c to 75c the yard, now 5 c : velours/ damask # and % ,>/¦ ft XW^ \\Mm,m\
goods; *» April »!«. « c Cases to match. 45 ,36-inch. /^O "0 ws" Ser* l^i^e^^SSpisirf MM W Ml
commencing Monday, yzrd.^y^ T owe!,-Heavy huckaback, red border, hemmed 20c a yard, now, ....'.... tm^Ac a f° "^ d f sl 2 ns m Sllk and 7SC covers. 45c $3.50 covers, $i.8 S ¦ : - Q \
20c White Goods IZc^Three lots to Swiss Sash Muslin-Plain w'tf?nl T^^^^o^each. x 5 c cS^$2g 3 W'
afford you a good choice; fancy open T^' J He ivr twilled cotton. wJvfn ' colored, spots, stripes and figures, 60c to 75c kinds; now, each 50c Lace Curtains— Dentelle,' Arabe.nov- l/ ; §b£>/ |^fetffi^||
work weaves in two makes; also S ch-dfe$ -o behes wide va'rd 7C jo and 44 inches wide. Mantel Drapes— Bip: assortment in elty, Nottinghams, colored Irish fa, , fHVffL p"M%d»f
sheer plain India Iicon; any piece in " . 1. . « * ** The 15c patterns; now, yd 10c velours and damasks, heavy fringed, point and Bonne Femme. ; : ~\, rfj, JteM/$ ;. \Mw&il
<he <e- wo»h 20c a vsrd- 'or th- Said Bed Spreads—^ ™" 25c to 45c patterns; yd 20c all colors. _ $3.50 to $4.00 styles; now, pair. . .$2.95 . U < ( M<f '.'PY^-M-*
tnc lot wortn 20c a >sra; xor in. M*nei,e« spreads, reversible dc- Sash Lace— Irish point, soutache and Those formerly $2.50 to $3.00, now. . $5.00 to $8.50 styles; now, pair. . .$3.95 \ , ' %£/ * : -U^M^1m
April sa.es, commencing to-morrovv, s j EDS f u « : i $ i 2c , 0 mc slightly soiled novelty sash laces-18 to 30 inches $1.85 $10.00 to $15.00 styles; now, pair:$7.9S Y\W dW'W&WWA'
vour choice, yard J2c , - , AU • , A " S ,. , nn wide, wbite. ecru and Arabian Those formerly $3.75 to $6.00, now. . Madras Curtains— In stripes and V-*\
Sale 0! Cambric- A lot of over 3000 irom handling; instead of $2.00 co , or 4 $2 gi . satined glass effects,- suitable for
vards o' cose weave cood rradc each, commencing g» * ZL& 25c and 30c patterns; now, yd 10c Oriental Curtains— India and Java parlors or dining-rooms. t? r /- 1 , -^. *4iiaK^a 3
v.. J ., l- u • 1 Monday ." . ... *&£***•** 35c to 75c patterns; now, yd 25c prints; suitable for cozy corners. $3.50 to $5.00 styles; now, pair. . .Sq.qs V ' /^©U- -
foil yard wide white cambric; equal ¦ *• $1.00 to $1.25 patterns; now, yd. .35c $3-25 to $5.00 styles; now, pair. .$2.95 Styles up to $11.00; now, pair. . .$ 7 .9.S t~ ( $£ttk '%>m%%W®
to if not better than LonscVe make, Gray B^et,-For cam^g and hom e use, Florcntin£ Drapcry silks-30 inches $9-50 to $11.00 styles; now, pair. .$7.95 Bobbinet Lace Curtains-With lace K ¦ \^^#IS#
commencing Monday, ana . urge «ze, acan coiwn, nunj maicc wide, floral and Oriental designs, $I 3-oo to $18.00; now, pair $9.00 insertion and edging, so inches (ptL-^h^- '¦: Wk*W&(-
while cuantirv lasts, yard . OCr 3, l 2 lbs ,64x74'.^, p.r .. 5/.00 for mantel drapes and pillows; for- Tapestry Portieres— Ottoman, Rep wide, 3 yards long, white and fW^AjSl '•P$M$I^
* > ¦ ; Ibt.. 66x 7 6 mchw, pair . . . $1.75 mcrly 75c a yard, now SOtS and Armure weaves, heavy fringed. Arabian color. g^^^^^tS[^*»-^M"^
mmm — -^ — —^ ___—^— —^^— —^ Art nran^n, AnH «ir, a .*"** full range of colors, in plain and The $1.75 styles; now, oair $1^8 '»* as==i -:
A manufacturer's Sample Line -j %£££ |||gg^S I^^M
' _»^* B * r m ~* m mm '* gold, red and green. S*2£ SmSS'SSI* S5J"'I MS Ruffled Muslin Curtains-Plain white The. $1.75 styles; now^
25O High Grade Suits S^spSp S° l? aS™|-tP
* -. . .. _ mM~M* 50c to 65c patterns; now yd. 35c fringe d all around, Oriental de^ J5C to $1.00 s^les; now, pair. ...68c The $10.50 " s'tyies;" now,
£$f[ 22 BfaS§*U tO tfl H&lf Furniture Covenngs-And drapery signs, green, red and blue, width $1.25 to $1.75 styles; now, pair. . .$x.o8 set a * $ 7>g5
<hi« M * *m a +* »w — goods> tapc^ try and . damask from 50 to 60 inches: i $6.00 to $7.50 style* now. set.... $3.qs And the $25.00 styles; now,
.' m~m ffm m^ 'r%-2sl£~~ t weaves: also figured velours, 27 to $.^:oo to $4.00 styles; now. each..$2.co The $a.so styles: now, pair. ..:.. $3.0 <; set ............ ...$12.50
Less Than Regular Prices Won(terfut Cuts 1 Our Annual Snrinu Book Sale "
Our suit and cloak buyer, now in New York, has just secured Toilet Articles ***** nmmmmmMvmm VfVff m "Smf ' •^«^«^« WmWCmpv*
from one of tlie largert and most famous New York manufacturing » Afc n ## Thousands of Books at a Fraction of Publishers' Prices
tailors for vv.men their entire sampleline of model tailor-made suits for KUMer GOOtiS i !^"^"<^^«^>(^^^? l fr i r
«prirg. 1904. Tfacre arc more" than I 50 different ' Sale Novelty Hifth Grade Water Dot- SOOO Copyright Books -MtCythzS 1.50 editions, specially priced for the great April tales, per volume SOO
*ty e»°in this iot. and all of them being samples the 40^~~!£\* Ucs — Silk, flannel and foulard Among tho 2OU or more titles aros .
on !v s i Z c$ arc 34 and 36, but, in order to make this / / i* J ~1j!&Sh) cilL- rrweleA th» haianrA nf 9 J ruth V b Y Ia^ r, W '" V Son of Gad, by Stewart . The Fighting -Bishop, by. Herbert M.
' ;t*« J# . ' an 4 -.-...u- .4* JW SlIK COVerea, tne Daiance Or a GrausUrk. by McCutcheon. - ¦. , , Ramparts of Yezreel, by Davenport Hopkins.
first grc«: spring m e a popu.ar and memorab.e A«?2£V,W tnaniifirfiirpr's lin^ hnnoht hv p r f n «. by R M. Croker. „ Wage of Character, byjullen Gordon. Castle Omeragh. by Frankfort Moore.
ev~n* and to accommodate women of all sizes, we XjT*7 f \1J> . manuiaciurer S line DOUgllt Dy Sentimental Tommy, by Barrie. - 1 ,Klng'» Agent, by Arthur Palerson. Antigone, by Paul Bourget.
ev.n. ana ro accommo-a.c *. • 1A< -*- . c f Kolnvv roanl-ir nrirpc X? mmy and ' Otlnh by Barrl*. ¦ ' " The March of the White Guard, by Pursuit of the Houseboat, by John
"havs se ectcd from our own choice stocks of su:ts ftw^T. DelOW regular prices. Strength of the Weak, by Hotchkiss. ! Gilbert Parker. Kendrlck Bangs.
,. . . . . ... ,!___ w hirh we will offer in 5tvw Pnmmpnrino- MnnHiu ' - h°V¥ stra 'ght Road. t>y Jiorton. Jewel /Mysteries, by Max Pemberton. Cinderella, by S. R. Crockett.
another hundred, in all Sizes, wnich we wni otter in cT\\S$(k. commencing monaay. T old In the Hills, by Ryan. Doc Home, by George Ade. The Ragged Edge, by John T. Mcln-
corjjnc::on with the samp.e line at equally enticing I'^WA Foulard Covered Water Bottle*- Lark of Erbach^by Bailey. - Light That . Failed, by Rudyard Kip- tyre. '.
. J r ¦ PjS'\ \ liliui v^verea water ooraei, Love -and the Soul Hunters, by Oliver ling. The Curious Courtship of Kate Poins,
pneci. i/jfMnTT'r Face ilz:, regularly 65c, for. .. . . 43c Hobbes. -, ,--.>" God Save the King, by Ronald Mac- by Louis Evan Shipman.
r flA\l \'\:\ •» . • , . , e «e- Californians. by Gertrude Atherton. Donald. . Rockhaven, by Charles Clark Munn.
Vt'nrl'h tt> -4 /"V f\.f\. I JA$ X \ \ : \-\ • sqt. sue, regularly Ji.as, tor . . . S5O Resurrection, by Tolstoy. Trilby, by George Du'Maurier. The Lord Protector, by - S. Levett
OUIL3 WUJUl %i III Mil y /fJi\\\ l' : i: ¦'/ x <iU size, reeularly 5i «o for' Oflo In Connection with tha • WUloughby -.• Heralds of tha Emprre. by A. C. Laut. Yeats. ¦
Sl*5 OO tO S!8 00 *P lV«t/U // 7 \«J/ ; //->\ reguiany »i. 50, ror ... .tftfo Claim, by Burnett. r The Farringtons. by. Ellen T. Fowler. The Taskmasters, by Geo. K. Turner.
<?lsJ.\JV iu * ? »*».vv -f /i>jfA/df^M4\\ 4 q f - »«e, res»^ly $1.75, for .. 5/./5 Hound of the Baskervilles. by Doyle. Peeps at People, by John Fugitive Anne, by Mrs.. Campbell
SuitS WOrth $> | ft QC" (£ Wh AV\ French FUnnd Covered Water Botd«; ffc^Sf&TfZ^&utttU by MiUs^f' the Gods, by Elinor Lane. - l/chmai Bai. -by Mlbhael White.
$20.00 tO $25.00 <P I4-.00 L \ F« .:**, regularise, for . . 56c of R. Campbell/by Me- 'Se & A%^°1 tiSSH™* damnation of^ Theron Ware, by Harold
Ay/l. M£xF* Pint «ie, regularly Si. 00, for • • 70o Ilwraith.. . The Mantle. of Elijah, by I. Zangwill. Thyra, by Robert JLmea Bennet
WOrth ¦* £~^ P**^ *Vjh \^7 z at size reeu'arlv < 1 7c for <t #«5 Tito, by W. H. Carson. - McTeague. by FVank Norris. * For the Freedom of the Sea, by Cyrus
3UIU3 UUIUI $i I i,J W^ If /y -ct.sue, rcgja.ij .1.75, lor . . . Housewives of Edonrtse. by Ponliam. Peggy O'Neal, by Alfred Henry Lewis. Townsend Brady.
S»2fi OO tO S32 50 M^ * \J%\JfJ II, flf 3 Qt. siie, regularly Js.oo, for . . S"Sm4O Doings of Raffles Haw, by C. Doyle. The Little Brother, by Josiah" Flynt. Roman Biznet, by Georgia WoodPang-
. «-V oo-fc.^u -f t< 1/ J-i ' 6 ; '.„•„!. a,. rTt. DavId Harum. by Westcott. On the Cross, by W. Von Hillern. born.
c -f r ..^rlh" _iJ^-J^ —±j II X Corcred Bagi; reguarly 85c to $z.z$, Blindman World. . Arden Massiter. by William Barry. Warwick of the Knobs, by John Uri
CUitS UOrUl GJOii *7 EZ ' salerricc GOnto Si.^n Hard Pan. by Geraldine Bonner. Tho Wizard's Knot, by William Barry. Lloyd. . .
on nr\ tn C 1O Oft mZZa Lfl /// -^ ., . ~. « " VVU Friend or Foe. by Child. Glass and Gold, by J. O. G. Duffy. The Fiery Dawn, by M. E. Coleridpe.
OOU.UU LO *+r*mi*miW fm %*r /// \ Mennen 1 Talcum Powder f*c Lees and Leaven, by Townsend. No. 5 John Street, by Richard White- John Forsyth's Aunts, by Eliza. Orne
Ir li I \ $i.co «re Lambert** Lhtcrine . . . SQss Under the Skylights, by tteiiry Fuller. .ing. . . White. . ; v. . .
worth ///'ft t \ 1 03 «» rokt". Dandruff enri> A.1** Crimson Wing/.by Chatneld Taylor. Lararre. by Mary Hartwell Cather- The Two Standards, by William Barry.
dUllb ttOrill SL+Jd ML . \ i.oonae Cokct uandrutt cure. . 43C Last of the I^ilckerbockers. by Viell. wood. -i . Stage Lyrics, by Harry B. Smith.
C/l*7 CIHn flfl tJJ & m9W\J /mJ ! \ secure Lvon 1 tooth powder, s for . 2SC 7^
pa/.OU IU i?Oi>.UU 1 mm 1 P \ -re ScheffiVd'* dentifrice » for 9Rn The Library • of Science— containing 32 .volumes of works Around the Capital With Uncle Hank, by Thomas Fleming,
//JM \ 1 \ " 5 acnerae.o ». aenwnce, * ror . . ¦ *OO by such authors as Darwin. Tyndall. Gosse. Proctor. He- a very amusing and interesting book, with 4A A
Ufirth t C% P*f\ /Mw j \ \ 5 OC wie Hind i honey and almond cream, ge i f Bacon. Huxley. Spencer and others; tftfS /I/I many illustrations; regular price $1.50; special mSSJG
OUIU3 W" 1 " 1 J^Jd.*/ H^| 1 /Wf J \ \ .' 3iO regular price J4S.00; special, per set 5>/O«t/*# The Complete Works of Schiller, in 11 volumes, in the
tO S/5 / JrM /ft i*i' \V \ «i'oo «ze Dr Charles* flesh food 33a The Library of Poetry — Containing 33 volumes of tho original German language; regular Pncetfo ye
V au tu y /M M //-CUJ r " '-^* j , h^; iT a»- works of all the leading poets, such as Burns. Hemans. ,'$4.50; special 9^m£9
o -«. ~~iu ¦ — 'If? y , lit m^^ Java nee powder, Bouyow. .. . . .27o Moore, Mrs. Browning. Longfellow. Whittier. Arnold. Ten Gems From Kipling— A collection of the most popular
oUltS UOrLn C£^T7^ ufl *\ Ar I r V'^y^ 7S C $1 " Q JCen Lou »e face cream . . BOo Hood, Byron and many others; reguror 4£#S /I/I poems, such as the Recessional, Vampire^ Tommy. Danny
f,,ll. ( Cinnnd Cj5O L mTj\J / Uli L- — ioc jar Eiitman'i bath powder . . lOo price $48.00; special :.*PM+9mW Deever. .Fuzzy Wuzzy and others; • regular Off**
. fUlly $I0U.UU Sf** •• »vV V-— -4KH. J^^ z,nWhittR M eelv«ri« M an *n« The Complete Novels of Balzac— Centenary; Edition.. price 75c; special .;..'. ...JSOG
47ii.WA2teK<*e glycerine soap. . . WO Saintsbury version. 32 novels, bound in 16 . 100 copies of Webster's Unabridged Dictionaries, bound in
•¦™"" —^-«— -^— ih^ ¦bimhhhb ¦¦¦i^BiMmMH books. , fine edition; regular $24.00; special «F» MmmMW- ;- sheep, patent Jndex, latest 1903 copyright; *C{O <S/V
¦ a - • aa» *m** mf^' *^ * The same edition, bpund in . 32 - volumes. .•" O/l "O/l regular price $5.00; special H9^mi*%M
f\fgf*£}n SSiffEntW** fiW Fl+fmm 2?#J F#» ZLmE PS^t* CfnW cloth: regular price $4S.00; special 4K%Mm^W%M The Life of the Master, by John Watson (author of Bon-
fPJ&aiJ «?«¥flr#*#«^O> %MM r.M %JMMU £m\M ICr *y»# r%S* %M%SMMm - j an Toe Meredith, by Paul L. Ford, 2 volumes, illustrated, nie Brier Bush), one of the latest and' best lives of
, v --« v '-; ... ; j . . , gift edition, with many colored photos, reg- tfgf tZfm Christ..with 16 illustrations in color; regu- *** Kit
jT%l » d* g% Every piece plainly marked at our regular price, guaranteed ' Slar price. $5.00; special .. ..:........-. Of »Oi#- ¦-: larprice $3.50; special .............; ¦ 9i^9U
*¦ W & W __ _ Hi fl 1 » o he the inw-jt in town lor the game rua'ltv From th«« "Balzac's Dramatic Works — Rendered into English for the . '• - . . " • . >
/ JB. SilAf* i^m^t^T ATT L . : iow wit in town lor the same quaity. irorn thes. flrst tlm 2 volumcs> ii lustrated: reg uiar oCf |||| f/)/)/| finvAC SOn StatinnGfuSSd
¦ Aa&*kJP UCl LCllLI/I i pricei a" further reduction of jo percent, beginning Monday, price $2.50; special ..9lmUU MUUU KSUJieS OUWtatiUnery^W
*^r g-"^*. A-»^ "*• - f.j :„» Vi,: V«n^n.«» «l tM.«v V/,«^ «« t- Standard Books. -.-bound " in fine half calf library binding, A ¦ .. . .-.-•¦ m^ i ' .
A w"« •• and during the continuance 0IU1:* tale v^^^v gilt top. clear type., good paper: regular price ¦'ggQm*'- 1 - Each box contains. 48 sheets of high grade .writing, paper
f& ' M B B ...^ rescrzed choice of any aracle of furniture in our $1.50; special +9S9G and 4S envelopes of best quality to match. 4^ mm
IXi II H^ff B»WH H M K If S»/2ft r.ock on th« new basis of pricei. . M r \ The History of the United States of America, by Richard ' an assortment of the popular colors to select *%£*+
/•yS BKk KRB H 1 I I P Q I fl fjf JA Hildreth, 6 volumes, red buckram cloth; «tO g% from; always 50c a box regularly; for the aim%J%*
XTxL&M. B tLAI a ¦ m. 1L "L* " Wjf * y^lU regular price $9.00; 8pecial r per set ..*. <MF«#«.vt# April _; sales:.. .............................
&>!^si li M B 0 Siore ' s Best Another Gigantic Purchase
l&^^iiir IIO' -fi^S&ft I ' ¦ ifl!^ ' Grocery and ' of Fine Leather Goods
iS^'-tnUTf W Ir^Hl^ 1 '/ IB LiaUOr ValueS Ladies> and Misses ' !ate5t novelties in new /^=^v
CT^a^^p^^^^" 7 ! 1^^ 1^ mSlfek^Lfl -' 'L^ tL" _J}n ''wL r /If- '""" and^ up-to-date bags at tremendous reductions JS neo^
Luxurious Couch-Very ,oft «nd invit- g^/CSP^ffi ¦ fc^f flfe^ft tanrf/^SS 1 .^" Misses' Hand Ba^s-Walr us grain leather with moire J.^fcL
bg. extra large ophoUtered in good £ 7#^^ 15*^7- JS3|. iPjRj .p^g^SSSSS.. Lo- lining; leather handles and separate Of o fe'j5MlS'M
vc.ours, rcgu.arly J35.00, less sopir V' ®^ « \ 'jj •II lol g>r.berri«, apricots, whole rigs, coin purse:, w rth 40c; April sales, price. ..*""*^ wSwiiWl'Mw
¦ cent. . .... . . .$28.00 IA V '* '4* . » \ \ '^**% : pc«he»a n dpiumi,that S!: iireg- Women's Automobile Bags— Walrus grain leather, W^ixMfMfk
— — — ~ Weathered or C o!«cno.k M«- Solid oak box frame' M O ori5h Chair - Chtval Mirror- ''f% sS legVni^TknT/and *' moire lining, with P UrSe tO match, leather hatl-. |M|»llj
9 \ rU Chair; spring seat.spkn-^ Dining Cluir, Wood «at, golden , French beveled oval / /. ¦^either,tan : ;or;B^^^
C> &§2&&££SbS ) -j, *, V 4 01k cr- mahogany mirror, 20x40 inch, . H J ! 3 * a -35» * ln 6 c J 1 " *^fbf% April Sales price ••-. ........ . ."^•^ wr > -. ¦
. 53mBimO 4r*ammM ¦ • >¦ - *3-SO, tbs»ale . . tHI, M I C cent, for th : i •.;/ KnnV« aad Helmet rruit«— Extra quality. Anril sales Drice . •' . . :. ..,..;.. ... i . . . m f9m9%0
e&S&BWiBBM&MS ) -,--, ! " > q "T-T 15^^!!?*^ Emporium Baking Powder— Absolutely mings, lar&e size, purse to match; \v rth J2.50; April sales pri.e^ «*• «^
One-third off Tegular SiHiE^^b^i
prices of our entire stock fdll^^^^! J^#4^^^ffilX B^flaSSffl^n^i^SS Very Special Sale Dress Suit Cases ¦
Oriental Ruj-S during j SS^wSSJd"^ 1 !^™^^^^^ ' • ¦ .- ; J^¦• : / :---,-These.handsome:- russet color, sole leather
the April sales. ® ISSn^fK W^-Jk*''"'- ~^^fl rSL^S^^^^^'^S^^ '-a^S^^^f^^ .cases, steelframe; Holland linen lining, 4
l~*r*"%rt .Wn^.VMe. ) r , Wm\ - and uncoiored japans,, worth eoc ib. . <8^ w^'$ffl;WM?miQ strong leather straps inside, brass buckles,
¦,j ~?M a Z*™ fM'"?^ 4, I^P 1 P1V M..^.-bu,--.«.non-.7%^;f'iS? ' : BSMM d,op-handle.>as;
. ;ari S , and s S c per yard cut. S«c : al ) ig^l jl^ 1 " 1 *^!^!^ . ' '- ' ' : 1fc ¦ . ««««!»« * "•""^"M^^Mf^fjT^-^f^Sjg? f ¦: t^^^^^^^mr^^ 0 '^^' 3 ; hln 2 eS - Wejl, Tinted On, extra
'• -. • -S6.8O ™d 2O<3 ) t^^Si This M««nincent - Davenport — French Colonial Bee^AV'R.'d^Bohemian'.VpVs". doz°$1.40 I : comers, a case very light in. weight; SUit-
io r a;:err.f, reguarly J7.30, ro!l of 40 \ * a " u^ . d«i £ n, uphoUtcrcd in handsom: figured green Burke'* O»rn Xirlc 3-Star Whl«kie«-- l^mWWM^^mA able for either men Or WOmeiT, and Worth
¦ y.rd,, «c per yard cut Sr ,d.l Roll Top Office Duk-TU, high velour^ regularly <6 7 . 5 o,dur- ¦ |S^^^^^ regularly f 6; Monday, and g* B!
( .01 top effice deik, »8 compart- big thi» f»!e i : ..... . ga^on $a.O3 %>m^^^^S^2m^ . • .- wh ih quantity lasts, only .«&"#«O«3
Empress Rugs \ SS>S?'^^ -°' * s^t 1^S 1 M^^^^ - : ?-'.-; -:;¦•:., R :^--^ ,,.,:":"
iSx 3 6 in., rctu'arlyii.sc, s.cciii^r.GC . &2O OO ««de, Sherraton deagn, regular —- jj^- $1.35 Fine Bawwood Steamer Trunks— Canvas Ud.es Oxford Bajj— Soft gram leather, best
-jxac in., regularly « 2 oo, soecial SI. 25 ) ' \ •-•**"**". m *r*f-- ly J93.50, during the sale . . 9/TfOV A/ V.'BV Import** Oto. \ . ; :-. . ;bottle.$159 : C ovtred,'~ waterproof, painted, full linen 'lined,' *: brass sliding lock and iliding , catchis, heavy
30x60 in., regularly fs.as.specul S2.60 ) j5<O ° Mcn>i Rattl ° f^&^TZL T*. Ma S nifictnt Tuna Mahojany Bedroom Suite- .J^ftjf??^?^?:?'^!:?!^"^ % "rner b umper^- Excelsior lock, large *£*»&*^Uningi, with pocket inside/ncw shape,
36x72 in., re|uany S4. 50, special S3»2O \ ' ' ' ' ' * * " -' • *^»0O Bt&, drester, chiffinier and* dressing uble,'- a Clnfandel or 'Santera© — Good Wines -^bbltv' two strong leather straps/ iron ; bottom/" • v deep cut bagj, .
Monarch Smyrna Ruct— 9x1 a feet, reni- 1 f 18.00 Weathered Oalc Divan, leather " rnarvel of the cabinet-maker's 7 art, regularly ...., ..j... .^. ......... ...^..gallon 63c V30 \n:$1OmQO ¦• <34 '**• S1U5O • ,11 in. $4-m75 14 "in. S5.75
ur:y< 3 o.co..pec,i* . S22M7 , «« . J'g'^ P^ -^^^^ ? ¦ 3 * &*!°i**&4*jft*!***'<-'
C9S-°° Brats Brd cut to . $76 OO {ot i&i tilt. ....-.: 9fth3> 4. m<B%J utopU OlnrerAl«r.rfT.^J. .;. dozen f 1^5 .; . -. ;; ' ,3 8 m 'S13 OD ; * N •** '"• $6*75 >,LONDON. April .3. — After,.; the
American quick lunch counter, .the
American lunch wagon - has now»in
vaded < Londohi j-^slOn a' piece of waste
ground ontside Buxton station,". writes
an English; reporter. "stands , a gor
gebuslvehicle, "which bears the out
slde-a^striking resemb!ance;td.a.gypsy.
caravan. 'Inside at one; end "is a
model Ckitchea,"' which, is clean and
compact", 'and : ' running: ;, round . three
sides is atwide ; ledgre.V which serves the
purposes' of actable." while small seats
are screwe'dUo the floor.'.'
Lunch Wnsons Invade I^ondon.
PARIS, April 3.— A fine specimen of
the silversmith's ' work now on view
at Aucoc's consists of a tea service
table,: forming a reproduction ;bf the
service made for, Bonaparte. The
original decoration of the Imperial
eagle and bees, however, is replaced
by" the American ; eagle and v tire stars.
The table, designed by Aucoc, .is of
silver,- gilted with three '.caryatids of
winged women > around a central su 1
port. "¦- Over' a year was occupied in
executing: the eshibit, 'Cwhich v/eisha
about 100 'kilograms, and will f*e seen
at "the St.^Louis fair. - : . \_ ,'. ¦"¦¦'
Fnmous' Silver Reproduced.
AMSTERDAM, April 2. — A dispatch
to' the Telegram from Kota Raja, Isl
and of Sumatra., to-day . annouifced
that a column of Dutch troops operat
ing in Achin (Northern Sumatra) en
gaped a strong- entrenched body of
Achinese. in the Gajocloeas district,
with the -result that 541 Achins3e were
killed. The Dutch lost three men
killed and twenty-five men 'wounded.
Military Column jOpcratlnjc In Actlou
- Ensn^cs and Routs I^jix.^; of
; ' ; . "Natives. V; ¦-> ;
DVTCH KILL HUNDREDS
IX "NORTHERN SUMATR.V
PARIS. April- 2.— A. L. Drummer,
former chief of the United States se
cret service, to-day arrested Isaac
Nebenzahl of New York on a requisi
tion from the State Department at
Washington on the charge of embez
zlement. Nebenzahl, who formerly
was manager of the Excelsior Shirt
Company of New York, disappeared
last May. ¦ It was claimed thathis ac
counts were $32,000 short." Neben
zahl offered to return to the United
States. He said he had lost $100,000
speculating in Wall street.
NEW YORK. April 2. — Neither. ths
local police officials!. nor the United
States District' Attorney's office knows
any of the details of the charge of
embezzlement rfgainst Nebenzahl, a3
the matter was placed in the hands of
I«-ivate detectives. Within the last
few months the shirt company has
gone out of business.
Taken Into Custody on a Requi
sition From Washington.
Isaac Ncbenzalil of New York Is
FUGITIVE EMBEZZLER
IS ARRESTED IN PARIS
SEOUL, Korea. April 2. — It is re
ported here that 2000 Russian troops,
including Cossapks and infantrymen,
are entrenched about the gate on the
south side of the Wiju. According to
statements made by Koreans the Rus
sians are utilizing trained dogs to act
as messengers and order bearers. The
circulation here of counterfeit fivfc
yen Japanese notes is causing great
annoyance.
A pack train carrying specie to the
Mtti'sGaBtolsPlaiBi
Continued From Pace 23, Column "
the Russians great trouble, and be of
tremendous assistance to the main
column in its heavy task of getting
through the mountains beyond the
Korean frontier.
TO ATTACK VLADIVOSTOK. '
There remains Vladivostok, pro
tected by an impassable river, the Tu
mon. and by rugged mountains and
defended by hijrh hills and gTCat guns.
There is talk thjt the Japanese can
go up Amur Bay and land men behind
the town, under cover of the guns of
the navy. If that is possible It may
make the task much simpler. But if
they have to land on the mainland,
below Possiet Bay. and march up the
Job Is not likely to be finished this
summer. They have already sent some
troops to Gensan, on the east coast of
Korea, about half way up, and there
is talk that a column will be landed
thereabouts to m&rch toward Vladi
vostok. That will be a hike worth see
ing, if it is attempted. Vladivostok
seems likely to play an important part
in the Japanese campaigns.
There is no talk.here. but of Japan
ese success in the war and when they
come to settle the bill they must hold
Russian territory if they are to exact
Indemnity from the Czar. Port Ar
thur will not suffice. Xo doubt with
most of the Japanese there is more
desire to take Port Arthur than Vladi
vostok. They feel that it would be
retributive Justice to capture it from
the Russians and the present indica
tion is that they will gratify that de
sire. *. ; . - .,
It has been officially, intimated to the
newspaper men here that there will be
three principal columns of Japanese
troops. The course of only one of them
has been indicated in any way so far.
That is the one now forming in Korea.
It seems to be indicated by the situa
tion that one of the others will land
somewhere on the. Liaotung peninsula,
either to assist the main column by a
turning movement toward Mukden or
to Invest Port Arthur. More likely the
investment of Port Arthur will be taken
by an independent force and the turn
ing movement will be made. That
leaves the third column for Vladi
vostok.
But.-as I said before, it is' too early
in the game to make any prognostica
tions.; The headquarters staff has not
yet been entirely selected. It is under
stood that General Kuroki will be the
commander in ' chief of all the armies
in the field. Neither Marshal Oyama
nor Marsha] Tamagata will take the
field in person. General Kuroki is ex
pected to go with the main column,
which will have the central position.
Less than fcalf the Japanese army has
been ordered out as yet, and it is ap
parent that if will be weeks. If not
j months, before the serious work of the
summer gets under way. Some of us
who have been waiting here in Tokio
for nearly twp months for the opportu
nity to get to the front with the Japa
nese troops, find a little consolation
now in remembering that we wrote
long ago that the Japanese would not
1 undertake a winter campaign.
RUSSIAN ORDERS
ARE CARRIED BY
TRAINED DOGS
War Xeivs Continued on Page 2".
MOSCOW, April 2.-r-The Economic
Military Society haa made arrange
ments to establish branch stores wher
ever detachments of Russian troops
operate in the Far East, which will
sell articles of personal need to of
ficers at cost price.
Branch Stores for Troops.
VLADIVOSTOK. April 2. — Twelve
of the customs officers at Vladivostok
have been withdrawn and sent to
Irkutsk. This is the first step in the
direction of closing the custom-house
here because of the poor trade pros
pects In consequence of the war. It Is
expected here that Vladivostok will be
declared a free port after, the conclu
sion of the war.
Vladivostok to Be a Free Port.
PORT ARTHUR, April 2.— All Is
quiet here and there Is no change In
the situation. The weather Is warmer
and the sick and wounded are making
good progress toward recovery-
The Japanese who were killed In the
last attack on this place were buried
to-day In the Chinese cemetery outside
the town with military honors. ''¦-{
it Is' hoped it will be possible to raise
the Japanese ships which were sunk
in the attempt to block the harbor.
BUSSIANS BURY i
JAPANESE KILLED
AT POET ARTHUR
TOKIO. -April 2.— Field . Marshal
Tamagata. who, after the Emperor, Is
tlrst In command of the Japanese
forces. ' and was the original- organizer
c the Japarese arm; said'to-da«r
that the Japanese might have to fight
odds of two to one, and that the clash
might come at the Yalu River. The
marshal said:
"Russian V, troops have been coming
south for a long time, and it is evi
dent that a conflict must result. As
matters have . turned out, »it .would
have been better If the war had occur
red when Uhe 'Russians first occupied
Manchuria, because ever since then
they have been strengthening their po
sition in that province. Our states
men, however, wished to preserve
peace as long as possible. It is diffi
cult to say where the first big land bat
tle will take place.. The Russians seem
to be In force between Liaoyang and
Kalping. on the Manchurian Railway.
They, may cross the mountains and
possibly meet us at the Yalu.
"Bridges and roads north of the Anju
have been destroyed by the Russian
troops, and therefore the Japanese ad
vance will be difficult. No doubt if
the Russians destroy the Manchurian
Railway it will be difficult to repair
it for the use of the Japanese tr.oops.
We might even have to replace the old
material with new; but the difficulty
Is to reach the railroad.
"Five months ago the Russian gen
erals planned to put 350.000 men in the
field. Tljoy must have" contemplated
supplying them with ammunition and
•codj ! • .< -*«*||»ia
"iwo rivers that empty into the Arc
tic Sea run near Lake Baikal. They
are navigable in summer, and can be
used for transportation. The Russians
in this way need not rely entirely on
the railroad. Large supplies of Ameri
can flour have been going to Vladi
vostok for years, and we must expect
to meet a well-equipped and well-nour
ished army of 230,000 men. It is a dif
ficult matter to fight a nation with
•2.000.000* soldiers.
"There is no doubt that the Cossack
cavalry will worry the Japanese army,
which was originally intended for home
defense in the mountainous country
nnd is mainly composed of infantry.
But we must work with the material
we possess."
Kim Ka Jin has been appointed
Korean Minister of Foreign Affairs,
following- Pak Che Sun In this office.
Pak Che Sun was until recently Ko
rean Minister to China. Before thy
office of Foreign' Minister was given
to Kim Ka Jin it was declined by Pak
Che Sun. who said he did not wish to
officiate.
Kim Ka Jin is a very prominent
man In Korea and has In the. past been
head of several ministerial depart
ments. He was a member of the Pro-*
gressive party in 1884. He was until
very recently chief of the Privy Coun
cil, but be has not enjoyed high fa
vor because of his progressive princi
ples. His sympathies are with Japan.
American gold mines at Unsan. which
had" been held up by the authorities
south of Anju. has been released and
permitted to proceed. The minlns
company does not expect 'any further
difficulty in its transportation oper
ations. - VsV ../"-;
YAMAGATA SAYS
THAT JAPAN HAS
AN UPHILL TASK
Army's Advance Will Be Difficult
and It Must Face Odds of
THE SAN FRANCISCO -GALL, SUNDAY, -AI>RIL 3, 1904.
26
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
140 Geary tt.v S. F.
DR. BURNAHD CO,,
If the PudicRlng fails to cure Orsraaic
Weakness. Vigor." Varicocele. It
compels. Growth and Vigor. The world's
greatest surgeons have been trying for'
years to find ' some • prac t ioa l method of
controllins the Pailc Nerve, *as this
would be r permanent cure in all cases.
Dr. Buenard of Francb has accomplished
this in the Pndlc Bios', as it surrounds
and comes ., in direct, contact- with, tht»
FuSlo Werre, which controls the Orjrans
of Generation. 2To Medicine, No Incon-
venience. Lasts a lifetime. 32.50 post-
paid.
We require 1,250 cubic inches of ga$ to make one cubic inch of Liquozonc. The ijas is made in large part from the best
oxygen producers. The process of reduction takes 14 days. It is this astounding condensation that gives Liquozonc its power — the
power to do what oxygen does.
Million 5Oc ISottles r ree.
The virtue of Liqaoione lies in lhe There is nothing: else known which I craily known, we occupy four labora- I pipst" Rotl"Ie Pnee
fact that it does whr.t o.\v*sen does. will do that. Any drug that kills germs ' torics. witlr^j floors and 600 employes, j UMtuiw 1 1 w^»
Oxygen is the vital part of air. It is is a poison, and it cannot be taken in- to .supply the demand for Liauozone, To let all people know Liauozone
Nature's great tonic, the very bonrce ternally. Every ohysician knows that and we are twenty, carloads behind on wc are spending. §500,000 to pive a
of vitality, the most ester.tial element medicine is, almost helpless in any demands for it to-day. million. bottles away — one to.each of
of life. It is oxygen that turns the germ disease. _. 1 a million sick ones." We do this to let
b!u»; blood to red in the lunsrs. It Liquozone is a germicide so certain GCPIT1 DlSCOSCSo ' the product itself prove what it can
is ox3*gen that climinL cs the waste that we publish on every bottle an .. , # . " do. This .seems the best way. the
. tissue and builds c? the new. Oxvcen offer of $1000 fora disease cerm that The diseases in this list are known quickest way, to' convince you.
is the nerve food— the Wood food: and it cannot kill. The reason is that Kerois to be dnejio gfrnis or their toxins, - If you need Liquozonc and have
every function of life so depends on it arc vegetables; and Liquozonc — the" and medicine docs not- apply to them, never used it please send us the
that we could not live three minutes very life of an animal— is. deadly to i for medicine cannot kill inside cerms. coupon below. We will then send you
without it. And an excess of oxvrcii veRctable matter. Animals live by) All that medicine can do in fjerm in order on your* druggist for a reg-
is certain destruction to every form oxygen, vegetables by carbonic- acid j troubles -is to act as a tonic, aiding ular 50c bottle and ".will pay .'your drug-
Nof disease gerni. gas.. And the life of one is, in excess, Nature to overcome. the germs. Such' «ist'our>elves for it. This applies only
But oxygen is a j;as. and unstable, deadly to the other. results arc indirect and uncertain, to the first bottle, of course: not to
An excess of bxygen cannot be held It is this fact that lias enabled the They arc. as many of you know by ex- thn<e who have written iH before,
in the blood. Liquozone is a liquid, discoverers of Liquozonc to solve this pcrience. alwavs doubtful and often The acceptance ,<»f this offer places
with all its \-irtaes in permanent form greatest problem that medical men impossible.. They depend. on the pa- yon under* no obligation whatever,
and concentrated. It goes into the ever met. It has given us a product tient's condition. .;. ,' We shall never ask you to biiv Ljquo-
stomach, into the bowels and into the essential to the human body— a prod- Liquozone goes direct to the cause zone; do as you wishwhen vou try it
blood, to go wherever the blood sroes. net which can go wherever the blood of the trouble and destroys, it. We Rut— for your own sake— let us show
That is the secret of its power. goes, so that jio germ can escape it; have -often seen it end. in a week, dis- you what this product 15. Let us prove.
jkT-f. *i|^Hir»5n#» yct a nrOf^ uct v.hieh no germ can rer .eases which had resisted medicine for at our expense, what it doc*. Certainly
i>OL iMCUlClne. fist. Jt i« apparent that the results are years. And it' cures- diseases which we would not buy a bottle and give
.. ' . , . ine\ntable, for no germ disease can medicine never cures. Iivanv stage of it awav if there was any doubt of rc-
Liquozonc is not made by com- exist after the germs are killed. . - any disease in this Hst-.the results are suite You who want those results will
pounding ; acids or dregs: ror ts there K so C€rta ; n thatwe will gladly send to send us the coupon to-day
. • H^d a! solSy 'frim S^S^fr^m WC Paid 8100,000; $ ; JES«g % a ° absolutc costs ,oc and" :$,.
oxygen gas — by a process reauiring _ »««>,„« • tfi ,, n ,' f~" ~ — ~~~~" — T — r : \
immense apparatus and 14 da vs' time. For the American rights to JLiquo- Xb«w-Anemi« -j ¦' E* orirr**"*"" *:' • C UT OUT THIS COUPON,
Jts results are due to the fact that a zf)ne — tke highest price ever paid for Bronchitis ¦ i^uronhea- v '.\. mr thi« mrcr may, not Appear Vm in rm^ '
little of the liquid renresents the vir- "niilar rights on scientific -dis- ffiSt-WSKU-" • '¦¦ J&£*£2$&ii& ' '
!tues of an immense volume of the gas. covcry. Before doing this we tested Bpwi Tumble. . Many n.art TnSbie* * «»..w«ba»h.«»e....cticas* ¦ ,
Liquozonc is the result of a process the product for two years.^through . ?5SSS^uS?" •pte^Q^y* Mr ai ws « 1, - * i
which, for more than 20 vears. has pnystcians and hospitals, in this coun- couc— Croup , Rheumatt*-m * ••¦••••
been the constant subject of scientific try and others. Wc'provcd it in thou- c*»p*Up*Um - scrofula; . - 1 tave'-mw tried uqnoxnne; - but if j^i
and chemical research- It forms a vi- sand, of; the most difficult casesob-. gSS^S^'^^grS^^ u"l u? r ' s rae * 50c bott - le frw l^i
;a!:zing tcnic with- which no other tamable, including: ever,- disease which Dar.tJrufr— Dropsy ; . Throat Tr.»»ibir S l*ip&ga£!£§§
Vnown product on compare. It is was then. called incurable. - .-;; , ...........................,:.,
the best thing m the world for you. l nis price was paid because Ljquo-, re\>r— Gail ston«s '-. varicor«ie - >» -„ . . ¦' ,. ,
. . . .." ¦. rone will do more for sick humanity tjottr*— Gout ; * Women's DUcaie* . ...;.......
KHIS Inside GePiriS. than all the skill in the world can* ac- IU ' Fevcr-inflseiw*- : f • ¦ , ,. . :
• • complish without it. It will cure more* :A11 &'•****** t hst t*sin wtui«f«ver-^atr in. ..:.......
But the vital value of Liauozone lies sickness, end more suffering and save' «««»— air the Twins \ot impv^tyr^^'oaoal | si«-> -oiv* fun ¦dJryg»— write v plainly.
in the fact that it kills germs in the more lives than all the drugs com- "«**• . . ,„ '' l':'- 1 ' " ; ,.,.„. ,
body without h^rm- to the tissues. I bined. And now that this fact is ¦¦sen-'^&S^SUSSfflli^ffi^r^^d^ i4S^^u^^f2&i^Vi?iSS;
ADVEBTISE1IZNTS.
A2>VZBTXSBX£irr&
AD VEETISX3IENTBL
B. KATSCHINSK!
Philadelphia Shoe Co.
10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANGISGO
Adjolnlar Call Balldlaff.
CtfBsSfeaC '" PC m
OUR PRICES TALK AS
WELL AS OUR
SUMMER NOVELTIES
In selecting our new stock of
Summer Footwear we h*ve ••-
cured the latest dressy noveltley to
the Shoe market. The up-to-date
¦tyles that are now betas- worn.
the popular and correct creations
from the centers of Fashion: and
combined with our latest 'styles
will be found the same high
standard of wear, a standard
which we always maintain
and guarantee. Our Easter
special: The newest of th» lata-
swell styles for Ladles: Patent.
Leather Kid Lace Shoes, with dull
mat kid tops, circular vamps and
heel foxing, nobby plain coin toes,
pliable soles and Cuban heels.
AJTD THE FBXCS OJtLT 82.5a
Sizes ZVi to 8; widths AA to E.
Leather French Heels
A new model just out this sea-
son : Ladles' Oxford Ties, with
perforated high-cut vici kid
vamps and mat kid quarters, plain
coin toes, durable soles, -with ex-
tension ed^es and blrh leather
French heels. THE PRICE BE-
DTJCED TO Sl.o."i. wortlFjZ.aO.
Sizes zy. to 7%; widths B to EL \
Artistic Velvet Stays
A dainty novelty for the little
ones: Infants' and children's
finest Patent Leather Lace Shoes,
with mat kid quarters and fancy
'inserted blue velvet front stays
and silk worked eyelets; neat
plain toes and turned soles.
Widths B to D.
Infants' sIzps. 1- to 8. without
spring heels SI. 15
Child's sizes, 4 %o S, with spring
heels ...j, 81. 40
New Style Low Heels
Child's. Misses' and Tbune La-
dles' Vici Kid Oxford Ties, with
circular vamps and full quarters.
' round coin toes and patent leather
tips, durable soles and extension
edges. The children's siaes have
spring heels and the misses* and ¦
younjr ladies' have the new extra
low flat heels. Widths C toE.
Child's sizes. 8 H toll ftl.lO
Misses' sizes. 11% to 2.. .-Sl.iJ3.
Young Ladies' sizes,, 2 1£ to S
••• '" S1.50
GIVEN AWAY FREE
Any person calling at our store
will be given a sample package of
WITiSOH'S 8AH1TAXT COXUT
AND JbUJdXOXT wTT.T.Tr^ Guaran-
teed to be the best- Corn Salve «ver
placed. oh the market. ' Try it be-
fore you buy it. * <
B. KATSCH1NSKI
Philadelphia Shde'Co.
10 THIRD ST.. San Fraaciico.
1 V: Eyeglasses ,M
j At Mo!eraf8|pst-'^
v 642/Harke:tSt:
imiWEA k: jv\ e rs
ftST^fl n " JI - VLI - - 5 REIKVICORATOR
ipBI By ?tops al] losses *cd uani:ur»l d!«-
q m JM ct»rr»a In 24 hours. . You f««l • aa
ftffi Q irnrrvvrment from tb« ¦ first . doae.
nn^jRull We h* ve *° »aci crsSJ-cf* In our
UjU MM treatment that »f offer Fix* Has.
IgjS^^JSt? dre^l reward fcr any cas* -we c»a-
not cur*. TWi scc^t r»5D*dy <nrts
lost -oower. r.ichtly «alsstoas, wasted «fT*as.
v*r!ccc*le. c»*«U strictures, kldaera. (aillss
taemorx. drains to tfc* «rt». jtoeorrhoea. dis-
ease of th» prc*t«U ttands and *ll et^r ttrrl-
We tffecu of ©r txcw»<«. w^lcb l*«d
on to eocsMtarttaa «r>4 4c«tV lVs«;*«^*«ir»a
the n-owt c*.«. s Ja »M «• youes *t tli»t sscrtJ-
fylns- _tvn-t«K>r, 0Klfow» <•' the 4l>ch«2T«. and
«r»nuat to *o. »n«l >%¦»» can't. S*»t sealed. S3
t»ef .bottle. thr»« bcttlc«, . »,\ Geanstted to
cure *nx ca*e,
C»U cr addr««* or4*n HAtl/S MEDICAL
IXSTrrUTK, SM S Bt««4««t. Oakland. Cal.
AT*© t* *»le at lAT.1i* Market St.. S. F. S«»i
ft>r rr«« " bock.
Weekly Call.^$l -per*VYear
'{SI ILK and MisH GLOVES. ' ' «r"'""-"»™ " OOTT a™™.. sale fl p WH |j E L0N g GL0T n
5 At 50c, 6 Cc, 75c and $1.00 Pair. w MjL '2 —^-^C^^^^^Tfc- a iucky purchase of 05
I The best and largest stock we j *' Af i 20 ° , pieccs . much und " ft I niece
Shave ever imported. The new mesh MB jMOJ /tM9S&A.l !"*&& /3T7/M { e , gul f r pr^ e on , salc / -
g and pure silk and Lisle Kayser B/W&&M$Qfi9&WrM&Q&&fm&%B* Monday. Fine grade, soft and tine
HGloves— in white, black, tan and m W^mmLT^f^^-^^^ quality, 36 inches wide. 12 yards to a
I gray. All $izes— very special value tf^^ 1 * piece; regular $1.75 value for. .......
S A GRAND EXHIBIT AND SALE OF WOMEN'S SPRING GARMENTS.
B Immense Suit Department on the second floor haa planned for the .biggest kind of business to-morrow and the following days. In. addition, to the
Srf I'VP croat varietv ulready here assembled we will show for the nrst time Monday a most beautiful collection of very exclusive Crepo de Chine Dresses —
pa r^jisilk Sblrt Waitt Sult»— rine Ttilored Sult»— X5r»«i Skirt« and Cloth Jaoketa. It is one of the most satisfying selections we ever brought together— Gar-
¦ W,J m »ntt that for style and character n-ill win the approval of every fashionable woman. • . •
jBcautifu! Crepe deGhme Dresses A Grand Offering in New Covert JackBtsI
1 At $40, $47.50, $55 to $95 Each. At $7 SO S10 01) \\\ SO ™\ m F^ch 1
N Lovers If «cluMve Spring Gown, beauty will revel amid this f&Mt^ Al Vl.3U> t?10.DU dflU Edtll. |
S collection of rr.acnlScer.t costume*. \Te eertalnlr have outdone our- iFXK&S&r I fS\ . A - '". * T . H
B nclves from the standpoint of styles and values. These beautiful iPgfSkll \ We are P r «Par fd t0 show to-morrow the greatest line of Ladies B
¦ Dresses are made up of the highest Crepe de Chine, lined (Iftlgtci^-^ *V Covert Jackets — the most approved models of 1904. These beautiful ¦
g throughout with s'.'.k— are very olaborately trimmed, perfect inj every \i^sW.V/y Jackets possess reflned little style features which none Vmt the M
If^ni^.^^ >J^^/ thoroughly skilled tailors can impart. Every one of them is silk I
fe A^®S^ lined, well tailored— have the latest large puff sleeves, finished with 3
I SPECIAL OFFERING IN GHIFFON, VOILE, MOHAIR wolt seams ~ ln varlous lengths. They come in tan and black and a
m ««.«. r ,,, n ., oT> •¦«-<« wwfli "^a» \"Y are Priced at remarkably low prices— considering the styles. H
k AND FANCY SUITS Irjil -V* \\ . p |
1 At $20.00, $25.oo f $35.00 to $50.00 Each. i A ; a Sale of Silk Drop EtamifiB Skirts, $12.50 Eaclirl
pL These are undenUbly the greatest of Suit Values. A grand / ' \ We will place on sale to-morrow a great line of Ladies* Dress 9
¦ variety to choose from— of all the leading materials, such as Mohair. / A ow .. mB *. „* p.,..., v ,. r»i-«v vt*™*^. ti,.., i »,.* .nw /imn< »»¦
¦ Etamines. Cheviots and Fancy Mixture*. Some have silk drops and / V\ Skirts, made of Priestly s Black Etamine. They have silk drops, are ffl
¦ all are beautifully tailored and trimmed. Grand values at / ; H« beautifully trimmed and hang perfectly. Regular $20.00 Skirts H
|R Bach 820.00 to $50.00 / ;, iiA J Monday ... : Each $13.50 M
I\^lSS?J4i?iS Silk Shirt Waist Suits at $17.50 Each. I
¦ expensive Suit. They are regular I2S.00 suite — Blouse and Eton >T \ \\ They were opened on Saturday — a magnificent line, equal to any!
I a^tSoS^^SS^SiSVSg 2SgS-.? he 5^VS«'™S V Jf dU ***** »«« -How. d.«h ? A variety of fancy Taffetas .in thej
¦ choose from; sT«at \-alu* at X3*ch 81730 N^.X v/^ leading color effects and daintiest designs. Come and aee them. - -¦
llSn^LAGESandTRIMMINGSl I NEW JAPANESE WH^eITlK WAISTS I l^^^pl 4^1
1 \V e want vcu to »c the charming line of $4 Waists. $2.98 ea. S5.50 Waists, $3.95 ca. «« /M, »M 3110 *l.U'J HOtt !0r jA%JM}^ |
g beautiful La'ces and Dress Trimmings we Wh u. e aS' l^S2S wh^'^cn^.^t^rro 0 ; wom^Tho'affi CRCMBil^ 1
Nl have imported for this Spring. Oar assort- lr* *t these extraordinarily low price.— in a word. ates wearing pretty fcJVjpp <vMH > K|f4 ( ! S> m
K K , . i j • • l^« >»lu*» are beyond anything that has yet been or- stockinps will not * l Ki*lHV 8S
H men* excels all that nave preceded it — in ferrd thii »e«<on. miss this sale; it's an offering f»fe?^ a
1 quantity, variety or cxclu«iveness. An at- $4.00 Waists for ; $550 Waists for iS^I^Tw-rt™^ »« ur «' n « ew I
m . " , "... •« a » si-. » v. .aa t\n in* «» v.i./n, nr Hosiery Department to-morrow. Vio^ <" ol
0 tractive frature also is the pnee lowness. A ..S 0 !^ 1^* J9 i9B •f^biS~S£$3' 95 TOB ' motoat - 60 dozen ' W& ¦ I
P great variety En Allover Laces. Point Lierre, ££ iSe S.*'l«k white jap8iik!^ O EMh new nllover Lace Lisle Hose. , Wffl m
B P.-int Venise. Irish Crochet and Galloons; feet— verr effective lock- b*autirully' embroidered handsome effects, with colored Tjim. M
1 also exquisite effect, in. Persian Jet Silver &>?^*&£&S£ also • rt*™™^^**™* |
Si Gold and Applique Tnmmmg5. Most Of and tailor effects— «t«s 32 handsomely lace trimmed: )ar 75c g 5c and *$1. 00 values; n m
I [them on sale the first time to-morrow. . J [ ~ " le pr>c< * 2 '° S eitUt].* 1 aii J', n e« " J [ special Monday Pair 58c J|
I[a LINING SALE] f Z^> I f\{\lf "1[ LINEN EMBROIDERED ]|
j Be sure and attend. /£& LA/!/!V WAIST PATTERNS I
| SSS^.S&;5SS!u!s T-, T x ~~T7~ 7 " A effe C T^ n V s 5ies^^
U 36 inch** wide; in all colors. Ham lni/>T*/>CTT1"if( A TlTl/YIlTl/ > »a^lTl/>riY I Most exquisite styles m a\
I al^o black: regular value 15c: rOF 1111^1^31111^ -AiliH) UIILC UlCll I I White Linen Waist pat- Hi
| "le price Tard9c 1 terns, beautifully embroid- |
P, 1ZE1 f CJ Z»C SalSEa Lt&iSf it IfiC | ercd in white and black H
f| A fine quality 86- WTuH J n H^^ Wl tWY* fXVlJ IX/TArnTTlrf^ TiTWL&t* " and . Persia " designs— put |
I inch Sateen Lining, in the 1|| 1 O"1V1UI I UW lYlill lllil^ JtCIUvI 1 up m neat boxes, at $3.50, g
I Safe rtc2 TlnG *' °Tard*^o J * A °° and $5 °° each - 3
B^^ Going to put these forward as a leader for Monday. If the weather is pleasant we^H
K ¦ A PHI iQllVn \4//llQT QAI F 4f\ CT I* ought to dispose of every one, for they're the kind of waists that women are look- a N
SI rt i\UUOIilU .VfrtlO I OHLL. VJ*^V ing for - Includ f d arc handsome White Lawn Waists, embroidered and lace trim- ||
H" 300 Regular $1.50 entl $!.75 WAISTS for med — also Cheviot and Madras Waists}; a great, variety to from; all this jj 9
i* I *" • spring's leading styles; worth up to $1.75 each; on sale, OSc.each. jj u
WE TRUST THE PEOPLE |
THIS WEEK'S SPECIAL . I
Solid Oak Chiffonier, just as k
shown in picture above; 5 large m
roomy drawers, cast brass trim- jP
mings. Genuine. French plate m
bevel glass; fancy shaped top. ft,
Regular price-$15. 90; Q*n An m
this week while they J|/-^J S
last ..... . T^ 9
S Just received another ship- K
fi ment of Golden Oak Cobbler jk
-A Seat Large Roomy Rockers, just 5
jpas xhown -in picture; .comfort-. W
\k able and durable, a rocker which Jr
S cannot be bought fr-t nr . i_ H
S for less than >I./i) fiaCll 1
A $4.00. Only.... t v A » tv vuwu &
jL Only cne will be sold to 1 each *
» customer. K
I EASTERN OUTFITTING CO. I
•S 1320-1S2S Stockton SL K
g ¦ We Furnish Houses Complete. ' *
3, All Cars Lead to Our -Store. B
'«| Country Orders Solicited. SHouse Doesn't Favor Mnrkliam.
WASHINGTON, April 2.^-The : House
to-day . refused to ¦ concur^ in the ¦ Senate
amendmerit^to : a' Joint 11 resolution • nam
ing ex-Governor Markham in place'of
General Shaf ten; as^ a V: member; of ; the
Beard"; of , Managers, of the; "national
hbmes^ f or ' disabled "volunteer : soldiers. 1
.The -matter ; goes '.to f a conference com
inittef"-- •/;"'"" ¦*>•¦>' ¦¦'; ;> : . : *" '/ "
Workmen ' Unearth a Skeleton.
SAN ¦ JOSE, -'April r . 2.— -A well pre
served skeleton has been uncovered
In an excavation at 65 Fox avenue.'
From the size of the .bones and teeth
the remains are ' thought , to be ; those
of a man; • The fact that the body was
face downward seems; to indicate^that
the man; had rbeeiwnurdeVed ; and hur-'
riedly buried.- Biit four feet of earth
covered the bones. ¦'; It is,thousht" the
body : has been buried '. tor; years. ?; The
circumstances : surf oundingr the ; death"
of the man will probably remain? a*
mystery: : . . -
MACHINES TO REGISTER
VOTES AT SANTA CLARA
Mechanical Contrivance Will Be Used
for the First Time at. Town .
r'--~*I-~- Election.
SANTA CLARA, April 2.— For the
first time on the Pacific Coast voting
machines will be used at Santa CJara
in the town election to be held next
Monday: Interest is being aroused in
the matter all over the State and
many of the cities and towns will send
representatives to observe the work
ing of the machines. . Mayor DrufCel
has Invited : Registrar George' : P.
Adams and the Board of Election
Commissioners* to visit Santa Clara
on election day and the invitation has
been accepted. Other bay cities will
also be represented.
Four machines will be used at Santa
Clara, and these are now at various
places in the college city, so that the
electors may become acquainted with
the mechanism of the. machines. This
is a part of the lot of fifteen machines
received by Santa Clara County a
couple of weeks aso. Palo and
Los Gatos ¦will ; also use voting ma
chines at their municipal elections to
be held next month.
tally. The shooting was in Salmon's
room and was the result of the atten
tions which Sneldeki was forcing upon
Salmon's mother. He had called at the
house scorete of times during the past
several weeks and had repeatedly de
manded of the woman that she marry
him. She refused every time he made
the proposal, and on one occasion he
tried to cut his throat because of her
refusal.
To-day he appeared at the house and
again demanded that she marry him,
but she again refused. He then said
he would get a marriage license and
return, and if she did not consent then
he would kill somebody. An hour later
he again appeared at the house, and,
entering young Salmon's room, accused
him of having influenced his mother
not to consent to marrying him. Dur
ing the quarrel which followed Snei-^
deki attacked the young man, who fled
from the room; but his assailant fol
lowed him:; Finding himself 'cornered
Salmon drew, a revolver and com
menced shooting.
TUNA, Tibet. April' 2.— The Tibetan
general, the whole of his personal es
cort and five L'Hassa officials were
among. the hundreds killed in fighting
on March 31 at Guru, Tibet. The small
British losses are accounted for by the
fact that the Tibetans were so huddled
together that the majority were unable
either to use their swords or to fire.
The swordsmen in the front rank could
not reach the Sikhs, who had fixed
bayonets, while the men in the middle
of the mob could not reach the enemy,
but many of them probably killed one
another in the mad excitement. The
scene recalled old-time fights in cock
pits, the grim, determined faces of the
Tibetans, lighted by devildom sav
agery, expressing contempt for the
Sikhs, whom they outnumbered six or
seven to one.
"When the L'Kassa general fired the
first shot the Tibetans with wild shouts
drew their swords, fired their match
locks and surged forward. About a
YOUTII SHOOTS MAX
WHO ANNOYS MOTHER
Over Zealous Admirer of a Los An
geles Woman May Not Sur
vive Wounds.
LOS ANGELES, '¦ April 2.—Shrews
bury Salmon, aged 19," fired five'fshots
at Joseph Sneldeki, aged 38. to-day,
two of the bullets taking effect, one in
the left arm and the other in the neck,
inflicting wounds which may result fa-
MOUNTAIN GUNS
HURL SHRAPNEL
AT NATIVE BAND
tente, will regard Lord Curzon's avow
als of the designs cherished on South
ern Persia and Slam."
The editorial coriclues: "The powers
having interests in China will do well
to meditate upon these things."
The Svet, while acquitting Great
Britain of responsibility and declaring 1
that the" British Government is correct
ly observing neutrality, • expresses as
tonishment at the speech of Lord Cur
zon, "whose wdrds ring like a chal
lenge."
Official circles view Lord Curzon'-s
speech with equanimity, and it is said
it -will occasion no' representations by
Russia. So far as the 'Tibet -expedi
tion is concerned, Russia's attitude is
one of waiting. For the present no
Continued From Page 21, "Column 7.
HA VAN'A, April 2. — Gay Ian de Ayala. _ the
first Spanish Minister to Cuba, arrived to-day
and was shown special attention. He was
brought ashore In | the I President's launch. A
luncheon was given to him, by prominent Span
iards.- he* being conveyed to the function la
President Palma's carriage.
NEW YORK. April 2. — Seven conductors and
znotormen .working for the Public Service Cor
poration . cf Xew Jersey were arrested . to-day
on charges of conspiracy and robbery.' It -is
alleged that the company has lost $75,000 by a
system of transfer frauds practiced by a com*
blnatlon of employes.
action is even contemplated and if- any
protests are made now they will come
from China, not from Russia.
Lieutenant Commander. Roy C. Smith,
the United States naval attache, hav
ing accomplished all he could here, has
returned to Paris to resume his duties
there, he also being naval attache at
Paris.
Baron de Rosen, former Russian Min
ister to Japan, had a long Interview
with Foreign Minister Lamsdorff to
day. The reports that the authorities
are dissatisfied with the Baron's course
at Tokio on the ground that he.vras
not fully alive to the state of the Jap
anese war preparations are declared
to be unfounded. He will not be as
signed to a new post at present. .
The Army Journal's correspondent,
on his way to the front, dwells on- the
great advantage to Russia of Cossack
cavalry having their horses on -the
spot, therefore not necessitating the
transportation of them from European
Russia. The East Siberian Cossacks
procure aU the mounts desired from
$45 to $50 a head.
'Jrlnce Jaime de Bourbon, son of
Don Carlos, the pretender to the throne
of Spain, has gone to the Far East. '.
Finance Minister Kokovzoff has de
cided to purchase foc» the account .of
the Government $2,500,000 worth of pref
erence shares of the Enzell-Teheran
Railroad and $6,000,000 worth of shares
of the discount and loan bank of Per
sia.
ARMORED CABS PROTECT RUSSIANS
TUNA, Tibet, April 2.— The fighting
at Guru will "not alter the political as
pect of the British mission to Tibet,
which is going to Giangtse, as had been
arranged. Colonel Younghusband has
not received any communication since
the fight from either Chinese or Tibetan
officers.
The Tibetan general killed at Guru
belonged to one of the most influential
families at Lassa. Among the iden
tified dead was found the body of the
most, truculent Lassa Lama, well
known to the political officers. All the
Tibetan prisoners have now been re
leased. A British force is occupying
Guru, where the telegraphic line is ex
tending.
The Tibetan wounded were attended
by surgeons and men from the British
force, whose attentions were gratefully
received without a show of cringing,
the wounded men preserving an atti
tude of proud indifference.
WOUNDED TIBETANS
PROUDLY SCORNFUL
OF THEIR CAPTORS
PARIS, April 2.— The British advance
on Tibet is attracting widespread at
tention, the general view being- that it
is due mainly to Russia's preoccupa
tion In the Far East. Government offi
cials are inclined to share this opin
ion. An Embassador said to-day:
"It is manifest that Russia's hands
being tied gives Great Britain an op
portunity to advance in Tibet. As part
of the same diplomacy,. Great Britain
is re-establishing, friendly relations
with France, thus neutralizing any
French oposition to the Tibetan pro
gramme."
In this connection the Embassador
related a conversation with Foreign
Minister Delcasse regarding the Fash
oda incident. It was pointed out dur
ing the conversation that if the in
cident had occurred while Great Brit
ain's hands had been tied by the Boer
war the future of Central . Africa
would have been entirely different.
ENGLAND ACTIVE
WHILE RUSSIANS
WAR WITH JAPAN
LONDON*. April :. — It is feared in
high quarters that Great Britain's
continental enemies may seize upon
;he slaughter of Tibetans near Guru
as a pretext for launching a campaign
of abuse against this country. It is
•recalled that the Boer war. which was
a campaign of the same nature, al
most produced an international crisis
of the gravest order. There is no
doubt that Russian susceptibilities
have been wounded by the British ex
pedition to Tibet and that any ef
fective plans for causing Great Britain
embarrassment in connection there
with would be relished in St. Peters
•burg.
Downing street has already been ad- :
vised of the activity of certain promi
nent Russians in the direction of
establishing close relations between
the dual and triple alliances at the ex
pense of Great Britain. King Edward's
Ministers are alive to the possibilities
of the situation, but scarcely believe
that anything Russia can do will dis
turb the growing cordiality of France
and England and Italy and England.
They feel absolutely certain, what
ever may arise, of the firm friendship
of Japan and the United States.
Abandoning all pretense as to the
nature of Colonel Younghusband's
mission to Tibet, the Standard says:
'•For the defense of India, and for
no other purpose. English officers and
Indian soldiers have been sent to Tibet
to endure the hardships of its Inhos
pitable mountains."
UNNECESSARY BLOODSHED.
The slaughter of Tibetans kills such
waning interest as still existed in Lon
don in the Japanese and Russian strug
gle. The news of the wholesale blood
shed excites, as a general rule, a feel-
Ing- of depression, because the average
Englishman scarcely sees that it was
necessary "nd because there was gen
eral apprehension that it may lead to
cOmpHcaticms vith Russia.
The last thing the British public
wants at present is another war, and
what is most dreaded is a rise in the
income tax. Hence the tragic, events
in Tibet are especially unwelcome at
this period, when the taxpayer is nerv
ous-Iy waiting to see how he will be
called on to pay off the national debt.
The extreme Liberal papers seized
"•n the slaughter at Guru as one of
the wurst blots on the history of Eng-
Land. The News declares that no more
"wanton or discreditable business has
be^n brewed by our proconsuls in India
since the time of Lord Lytton."
Other papers of the same political
views describe Colonel Younghusband's
mission, as another Jamleson raid.
The Government organs, while ex
pressing the regret felt rn official cir
cles that such an event occurred at
this moment, reiterate Foreign Secre
tary Lansdowne's assurances to Rus
sia that Great Britain has no interw
tion of annexing Tibet. The text of
those who defend Colonel Younghus
band's action is Lord Lansdowne's
statement in the House of Lords that
all Great Britain desires is a new con
vention with the Tibetans, and with
China as the suzerain of Tibet.
'• RISKS THE WORLD'S PEACE.
The opposition, however, points out
that China has repeatedly protested
against the strength of the escort with
which this "political mission" is ac
companied and declares that, as a.
matter of fact. Great Britain is now
at war, not with Tibet, but with Chi
na, thereby endangering China's neu
trality toward Russia and Japan and
risking the peace of the world. This
extreme view is ridiculed in official
circles, where the case of Cuba is in
stanced as a parallel.
It is held in Downing street that
Tibet, by refusing trade privileges,
returning official letters unopened and
not respecting boundary rights, has
become as dangerous a neighbor to
the Indian empire as Cuba in her un
rest was to the United States. Much
stress is laid on the fact that regret
table bloodshed was due at first only
to a hostile act emanating from the
Tibetans; but this defense is not
likely to have much weight in the agi
tation which the Liberal party doubt
less will foster against the motive that
prompted the expedition.
Lord Curzon of Kedleston, Viceroy
of India, is soon likely to share with
Lord Milner, British High Commis
sioner in South Africa, the bitter per
sonal hostility aroused among the op
ponents of the Government by the in
troduction of Chinese labor in the
Transvaal. In the minds of the
masses, who have shown in the bye
elections that they have lost faith in
the present Government, the slaugh
ter at Guru is likely to be regarded as
a stain on Lord Curzon's administra
tion, which only- the defeat of the re
sponsible Ministers can wipe out. The
Indian Secretary. Brodrick, the least
popular member of Balfour's CaWnet,
will again be in hot water, as the Min
ister must explain to Parliament.
CURZOX'S ILL-TIMED SPEECH.
Lord Curzon's recent speech at Cal
cutta, which, St. Petersburg dispatches
say, has created so much feeling, was
not warmly welcomed here, and at the
time it was thought he had indulged
in a dangerous wealth of Oriental
imagery suitable for the consumption
of native Princes, but eminently un
fitted for perusal at St. Petersburg and
Paris, in view of Great Britain's de
termination not to become involved in
the Far Eastern struggle.
The Government has done every
thing in its power to belittle and keep
quiet its plans in regard to Tibet. In
deed, if the war between Russia and
Japan had come earlier, it is likely that
the. Tibet expedition would have been
postponed. Though, apparently, Col
onel Younghusband's mission is mainly
aimed at destroying alleged Russian In
fluences in Tibet, Ihis is not regarded
as vital when compared with the para
mount importance of keeping clear of
the Russo-Japanese war.
It is not regarded as likely that seri
ous international complications will
follow this affair, but China's action
•will be rather anxiously awaited. The
Russian Minister at. Peking is not ex
pected to let the incident pass without
drawing some comparisons that will
scarcely be favorable to British policy
toward the Chinese Government.
Colonel Younghusband has 75 miles
more to travel before he reaches Gi
angtse, where he has been ordered to
stop to parley before actually demand-
ing entrance into L'Hassa. It is pos
sible that he may not be permitted to
proceed even to Giangtse, which is 160
miles from L'Hassa. But in any case,
it can be taken 'for granted that the
Government will do everything in its
power to prevent a repetition of the
bloody scenes at Guru.
Colonel Younghusband's escort, how
ever, is prepared for all eventualities,
and if the step is considered advisable
the force is probably strong enough to
reach L'Hassa and there establish
such control of affairs as might be
thought necessary. r*or this emer
gency, which scarcely seems likely to
crop up. Kitchener supervised the fit
ting out of the command of Colonel
Macdunald, which is escorting Colonel
Younghusband, the political agent of
the Indian Government.
dozen swordsmen made a desperate at
tempt in the direction of Colonel Slac
donald and a small knot of "officers.
Four Tibetans attacked Candler, the
correspondent of the London Daily
Mail, but Colonel Macdonald seized* a
rifle and shot down two of them "at a
few yards, and another officer killed the
other two, thus saving Candler's life.
¦ Those of the,. Tibetans who tried , to
climb the wall were met with a terrible
magazine rifle fire, but they did not
falter, those behind springing over the
heaps of dead and continuing the fight
until riddled with bullets. ¦ ; ,
¦ When finally the Tibetans retired
they tramped back slowly and stead
ily, though followed 'by a hail of bul
lets. A mountain battery, was brought
into action and tore the retreating
lines with shrapnel. A terrible trail of
dead and dying marked the line of
march. At length the last wounded
and limping Tibetan turned the corner,
some 400 yards from the scene'of the
grim tragedy, where the best of the
Tibetan army had perished. •
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
BRITISH SLAUGHTER OF TIBET ANS
IS THEME OF HOSTILE CRITICISM
Average Englishman Fails to Find a Reason for the
Wholesale Killing^ Which Bids Fair to Lead
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; SUNDAY; ; A KKll^ 3, ivui.
27
ARIZONA GOLD DISCQVERY1 -.jfftf^
'¦¦LuckB Jim Haglns" Starts Development
The History of the Worlds- Greatest Gold Mines
About to Be Repeated by the Yavapai, Under y : f^^^^^^^B
His Successful MANAGEMENT. .
C F.XV ARIZONA MINERS HAVE EXCOUN- sunk, and as deplh is nttain*d the ere increases
*¦ tere<3 the gocd fortune in that er.oricoua'.y ln richr.eis. A 35-fo;t <irlft r.crth iras then run 'fcj|sY?K \^t*s? iB^gK^^^^
rich' mining State that has fallen to the pluck and a crcss-c-it 40 feet west to determine th»
ar.i pcrs»v»ranc» of ""L.-jcky" Jim Hasina. It extent of the ore bodies. This work absolutely
»-a: he that discovered the famous Iron Kins demonstrates tho treat bogles of ore that lay
Mine near Frescott. tor -which $5,UCO,OCO -was hidden vrHhin tht« grroup o£ intne», awaltlcs T-gqg~^3gggggy^
recently refuied by the present owners. ; ~ but , further development and tpcnJtffcf up to ' r -
¦* Ke was also ths ¦ <li*co%-erer of a f racp o( place lt asnons the long Ust of Art»oo*'« rrtat HAQDIS.
mines called the Yavapai, • which mining men «£vldend-payer» and procurer*. ; > - . .. _^ -__,_^ , -*' - „ » _,_^ -' **
believe of farmer, futuravalu. than the creat .. lU « A.; lc o u.. c » CC a. ' *** Origir^l Dtecoreren Nonr Snp«riBt«naa«
Iron King property, and h. 1. now Just start- WHY MINES HAVE BEEN - . ..of the M to e^
In* to open up this second great property with NEPLECTED* ¦ •- ¦ . ' . -. •. : - ¦ • ,,
r forco of competent miners. This group la I11.ULH*1LW. they «*tlm*ted eoalfl b* don* at *n *xp«adltnr»
but a comparatively ehort distance from the The mines of Arizona. hav« until the la«t few o t leas than $23,000. absolutely plada* th»
celebrated Bl»bee Queen. . cn« of the world- 3^ ars b,. n neglected on "account of the flsrce- property on" a basis pajrinx at l*ast (20,000 a
famous prpducera, and the equally wonderful nMS : o f tb« Apache . Indiana, who for many montn. A. good' fore* of men -ar« *at work
United Verde mines, the h!»tory 'of which yeara *(ter the aeqa!?ition ' of Arlxona by the night* an<J 'flay. ' and ln Iea« than thr** montha
almost every ona ; la 'conversant— how lt raUed United State* absolutely prevented aay^one thousand* of tona of ore win be'blocked «p».
Senator Clark from th» rack* to a great multl- prospecting the great gold fields that all kn*w giving a *ufncl«nt tonnage to iastlfy the «re«-
mllllonalre. giving him an Income from the t0 (X ( S t there. tlon of a larg* mill.
prcperty of over $1.000,COO a month, and fcr Every village and mining center In Arizona At a r»c*nt meeting of th*' Board ef Mrtctow
•which he recently refused $00,000,000. has Us. tales to tell of the Indian manacrea and it waa arraagefl for to* aole of a Jlrnitel
_ nft _ nr»ncE»frr»TnD th * tortures and death* Inflicted on the whites amount of th* treasury stock at a prl«* and
rOUK rKUortUlOK. >, y n,* Apaches. . The Indiana ;have now Ions upon terma which will fe* *ltfcla th* raa«h *f
Haglnp. when he ; discovered thees mines, sine* been »ubdu*d and hundreds t-f millions dV 9ry perscn etruggllns to better hi* financial
hat but a poor prospector, and he was forced of dollars . have been thereward of th* lucky eondltton..-
to acll the. lrcn King for a- m«r*'«ong elmply mlas owners and Investors In, this maneloualy xh* purpose ol th* eoapany to oCerlnr !*•
because he had net the necessary funds to open rich region within the . pait few year*. Al- »toele for sal* 1* to enable It to carry out taa
up the property, and the capitalists who pur- moet every one is familiar with. the great Arl- r*comJnendatlotj* of Its experts, knowing that
chased it aleo wanted the Tara pal group, but zona lilaea, the Bisbee Queen.' which Is one of ty'addlng to its present machinery »<in;pa«jt
thlB'he abeohitely refused to part with. "well the greatest producers In the world. These j t wfll b« in a portion to quickly re<Juc» th*
realizing its great value. r Friends b%s'.esed him mines, are but a very short . distanc* from-th* vast ore lodles aa>,they are hoisted froiaMh*
with requests for. an interest, and to satisfy Yavapai Gold Mines, and the great V*rde Is on mine. . It waa d*t*rmined at • this ta*«ang.
them and at the same time raise sufficient a'dlrect line with a ad made no batter ahowlng howrrcr. taat not lass than 100 shares «f ti«
money to place, machinery on the ground and en the surface than the "iavapei Gold Mining , houM b . >e , d to aigr „,>. person, and
develop the rich ledgex ¦„ cp , the property, he pJ^cu'^aneMca is called to the affidavit »** *ne prtc* should be »c«nts a shar*.-
finally consenttd to tho organization of a com- ct Mr JR. Ilagins. a mining man oi many The company also agreed that any amount *f
pany ar.d the sale c! a limited amount of the years' standing and possessing the highest ln- stock purchased, from 100 *har*s ap, could b«
treasurj- stock at a price so low In comparison tegrity. new personally giving, his entire time paM for ln njonthjy installments ef y^'centa
with the value of the ether rich mines of the and experience to the developing oi . tr.is wen- ghafe p. r j,^,,^ a , lt wott i < j top«»lB!*
district that It absolutely insures a' handsome derful property. j OT many 'worthy p*ob!» strngxllasj tcr a better
profit to all the lucky shareholders. . «FPinAlflT fiF I I? HAHIV 1 *! living, whom It ' is Us* cojspany'a deslr* f
rv C .,ci «niici,T u/ftDL- ArrlUAVII UP J. K. imuinio. •... betjeflt u> . vvf down. whU. all caa
DEVELUrlVIEiM I VVOKK. . j f j. r. Hagtns, being first duly iworn. depos* spars a few dollar* f«ch month according «•
, Already a shaft eighty ; feet deep has been and say : That I arn^ the^ original <!Uc»ver«r^cf tnelr means.
V" ¦..•.'• -M " Sn^gf mpi?Vn^Le^ PROTECTION TO INVESTORS.
*¦' i^^' •fjt^ahw^, . mine's; ~I flrmly bslivve that Th« Tavapal Gold Mlnins Company *m
'^n^^-'^ '^" Km^SS 8^^** > ~k- when they are property open*t! formed Tvith men at Its hea«i wfces* han^sry
• *^^^IW : ' IBr^Blwi^ IBk^f^^^^ " p thty wl!l fce on * 1 ° veI «nd*busta«M lst?(trt:>- :anr.ot b* que»tk>n*d.
¦ itsinrr' '^¦ra'ip?riK'^MB'^@^^^^^ : -^ 1^ bejt pa^ irs ij nt " f * aM wh ° w3 * im not id ' nufy -^^^^'*
'i^^l^^"--"^^?^U3Ji^^Mnik^^^jfi^^^'^m &*i$*'4 .which the ownera recently Kv«ry car* ha» b**n tak?n fnr the protei:tfoa
''&*£ : »f!!&$WHm*m refused $5,000,000.: :>, of srr.aU tt»re»tors. The arttclM of lacorpora-
¦ l^^fVTvt r** « vember. 1903. * ° It was further d«ld*il at thi» m»e*I=r tia<
v^; : *k?' :^ Olpned) J. R. HAGINS. thes* sanall Investors stoold under no eirctun-
f " ~Zii^ ¦ulTiM U «¦•— «Jt>l3y: 1-^LLV ¦¦' 4 Subscribed and sworn be- rtzneev forfrtt arr morwy paid in for *toeic.
aJw^SSW-^sf ifyWjW W^SpSj^&Jtf. ,{¦¦" ¦'-¦« fere me this 11th day of No- That if. if cno j-hould »ubscrtt« far ICO er
UiK.™ .TW lMW t *n^lfo^ l VMWiK&"MM i ?£:^&. ' vember, HOT,. rncr-* ?har»a and nfter rcaXJ.-.g cn» cc Err*
'^fc-st* w^Sft^t'JF'" r^*aV^i V!^T^*^r : T> fn °- c - PltATT. payments b« unatie t.> rr.«ti an lastaltatt^
lKl|ra^«^flKB^»T^k2iV i ' —iJ Notary Public ln and far :b« stocli lor ev-»:7 dollar thtt has b«-;n paid fbaU
* irlflMtoF it "iff iftr^l i ; .;¦•*>« Cltv and Ccunty of San be !s»^«d the purchaser.
¦¦¦'iSHBill-I'KWHB'B'-aira^l 1 -' *. '¦ •'¦•»'¦$ '" Francisco. SUte of Cell- If th^r-? aie any r©a1ers ef this p*P«T wfca
g- ¦asZiiLlLa » W3i» ff-a'H-a£-»fr#t'>&1 ' %|S%^ ¦ fornla. -. ¦ • desire to stand In in a small war on tMa won-
¦ K : '- 8 fV*****?**^ S "SLkitzd^t^W-M m t® s \ ¦<' '¦ "' '* ' V ¦¦•¦•¦ ' ¦ * - - ¦• ¦ derfully rich sn\r\'t. th»y are ?.Jv5»ed to writ# ts
< «^J«ri>;a'!St?> - » \' l % i$&?#*> ' :}: "FXPFRT9 RFPOPT A. J. Chandler. As*Ut«uit Eecretary Yavap*f
t'l^l^^-li^l^t^Kp^t^ araraSS" CArCKia.KCI'UKI Go5d utnilTg Company, rocrs. «03-5 Crosslar
»- - ; - • RICHES" Bu'.ldlag. San Franciscou and krrangem<cts
#^^P|N^|l^^^|^M^E^^^^^P'f ? TW ° " Ilabl8 mining ex- &t l^^ ita fcRd m.'orraatloa regsrdlry
PertS aVC • ex * mi ~ ei the the prcperty will be furnisc-i rr«e upon a?pll-
_ \^\'*^^JaS0f9BB^^^f^M^'^Jt^t^^K^Stmi^^ '<¦ "4" -'¦'*"¦' ledges, the mines wers Ken!" 9/. H. Brtolis, ex-Treasurer of Saa
.'. V^'SSwipB^' - , . '" > - «s<»tPPW5aPr*^^'^^*F£ll^^ > ' very rich and required but Franclsro. Lick House, f" 1 - Fnuicitco.
i -'' ',.•,.•.'• the necessary v machinery ' to n^"\q 309.1; ciaus gpreckela BulJOwfc^ g—
ftr*PTQT»<l lO^StaniirMIU to »• U»»d <n Or*.: further develop them— whJchjtanclscaJ - - — "<
f 1 1 KJ 1 JL^ it JC IV ¦ O f
_v*. **'.'"• •"¦*•-;"' so
J CORRECTS THE LiVER, J
I®^^^\ — — «»i
* (S^ri^^ High Livers ' and those who P ersist in f
* S® iik *^§l '^ ea^ n 2 things they ought not to, always pay the *
* j&J&Zb* penalty. The stomach gets "out of order," the j|
* la!! ''/iiiiKS) bowels become constipated and the liver inactive. 4
* S^^^^'-o Severe Headaches, Coated Tongue, Bad *
* Er^fe2F~^3^ Breath, Yellow Skin, Sleepless Nights and
* 1^1 $&is^$&l Im P ure Blood are signals of impending danger. *
If gef '^^^^^l Here's where Hostetter's Stomach Bitters will be |!
-& j@^^^^P found beneficial. A dose before meals and at bed-
* KB time wi " stren 2 then the stomach, restore the liver
-& yfer.?^^^. to its normal condition and remove "that bilious *
| '^^Bbbbbb^ feeling." It is also unequaled for DYSPEPSIA, |
* INDIGESTION, GENERAL DEBILITY, AND MALARIA, *
| FEVER AND AGUE. Give it a trial. f
| jm.^ EXCELLENT PROOF ; i | , . -.;f
B. Bernard. Bay City, Mich^ says: l+£
? ' "My liver was condnnally getting; out of order and dark spots would appear on my face. A H .-
t5 friend recommended your Bitters, which cured me, and now an occasional dose keeps my liver n TST
% healthy." |.£
J% Wm. Bclk, Delta, La M says: . : ¦ '"-*£'
' "I cheerfully recommend your Bitters as a splendid family medicine and blood purifier. It is B /»
•S? also invaluable for Malaria, Chills and Fever." HBHBBtHBHHl I J
•&" u^^^j^uw™"™ !¦¦ B
-& FOB SESTORING STRENGTO AFTED SICKNESS IT IS UNJ5QUALED. :%L
ADVEBTTSEMEITTS.
APVSBTTSTiTVTENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 Thie Successo?OurBrass and Enamel Bed Salel
¦ I Has caussd us ta arrange with the manufacturer to continue his display sale one week longer. Do not for get that this is a B
H -^ ' sale of *m«tal beds at factory prices. It is a well-known manufacturer's fight for local business with us, as his agents. Do S
HI not miss seeing this display even if you do not wish to buy. 'Think oi getting an-tinamelcd bed for $1 — B -
5 /r"^ 2^^" A fai1 4x4 lrcn Bed » l\ f\ C 'j' s
||j ? Heavy enameled Bed, brass trimmed, all sizes, $3.65. "in^wWIIi^in^^^V I & !l '
Jg Enameled Dcds at $225, $3, $3.65, etc., on vp to $50. \\^ll )n!ir WllM W ' '/>! I Fjff\ W I '
Q&, Brass Beds at prices from $15 to $30— lower than i\^^^ui^X| '/jfvp* $[ '
S $23.53 Solid Erajs B:d, hsavily lacquered, with 2 uar- I W\ I^mII aw»l|j S^C^^^^I^r^
w., anterd finish. H*ad board 60 inches, foot 42 inches. A x^Sl MM^nI^^^^ Wv&zZ2^^$}0&
5> ""SlVsO trass Bed, l^-inch posts, h-a*d 63 inches high. i '»^^G/^^^^^^^^aS^^9^{ifi^uSSS I
Solid bras?, heavily lacquered. .This week $17.75. .
Above Bzd with bow. foot, regular pries $35. This f'^^iSj^r^^^^^S^^^^^^^^^^-
If W "40.00 Solid Brass Bed. This week $24.50. W^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
ft S45.OO Solid Brass Bed. This week $29.75.
| And scores of other priced beds in between. No mail __^A Mr.Goodnian of London wagered
that he could smoke elgrhty-si* clears
down [ to,; an Inch In less than twelve
houra.' , He did it - with , forty-two
minutes to spare.
« H. J. McCoy, general secretary of
the San Francisco Young Men's Chris
tian Association, wiil' give' an illus
trated' talk to men only' to-morrow
afternoon at * 3 o'clock I at ; the Young
Men's; Christian Association; 'subject,
"ThevMatchless Life."' The address
•will be /illustrated -with the stereop
tlcori,\? showing J several , beautiful ; dis
solving views. -The ladles' quartet "will
sing and Instrumental i music will be
furnished by ; the Robson Orchestra.
Sen Ices at Y. M. C. A.
The will of Leopold Neumann, the
merchant, who died here March 27. was
filed for probate yesterday. .With the
exception of a bequest of $2500 to each
of his three cousins, Pauline, Mathilda
and Edward^ Neumann of this city, he
leaves his entire estate, estimated to
be worth $100,000, to his mother, Rosa
lie Neumann; who resides In Berlin.
Leon Sloss "was named executor of the
will.— ":¦:'¦¦ > : - r " v : ¦?:';•.: : ' ." - v/ ' "^
Leaves Residue to Ills -Mother.-
Attorneys Tobln and Tobin yester
day filed charges with the Bar Asso
ciation against Attorney George D.
Collins. They claim he secured money
from the Hibernia Bank' about nine
months ago by swearing that a cer
tain Agnes Newman, deceased, was his
wife. The attack made by Collins
against Judge Kerrigan and his con
nection, with the Robinson estate was
also referred to, with the request that
the same be fully investigated.
File Charges Against Collins.
,_ The following resolutions adopted
by the Laborers' Protevtive Union rel
ative to the rock crushing dispute
were forwarded yesterday to Mayor
Schmitz:
' Whereas, An attempt has been made. to ham
per and partly destroy the rock crushing busi
ness in the city of San Francisco; and
Whereas, Such a proposition, if successful,
would be highly injurious to the building busi
ness !n general and absolutely ruinous to
members of this union in particular; and
Whereas. This scheme waa wisely and effec
tively checked In proper time by the chief ex
ecutive of our municipality: therefore b» it
Resolved, That we, the members of tha La
borers' . Protective Union No. 8844, . in special
meeting assembled, do hereby express our keen
appreciation and sincere gratitude to his Honor
the Mayor, Euftene E. Schmitz, for the cour
ageous and noble stand taken by him, as dem
onstrated by his veto of the rock quarry and
reck crushing ordinances, which. In case they
had become law, would have placed a large
proportion of our ' members on the street or
forced them to seek employment outside of this
city; and be It further
Resolved, That this union extends a vote of
thankK to the members of tbe Board of Su
pervisors who thought enough of the working-*
men of this city , to sustain the Mayor's veto
by their vote»: and be it further- ¦
Resolved. That a copy of these resolutions
Protective Union Commends His Hon
or for Vetoing Ordinances Sup
pressing Rock Crushing.
LABORERS EXPRESS
GRATITUDE TO MAYOR
At a meeting of the Oceanslde Im
provement Club at 1468 Forty-ninth
avenue a spirited discussion took place
relative to the opening of H street to
the ocean. A report was received that
the cost would be materially lessened
by reducing some of the grades. A
committee reported that some property
owners in the Oceanslde district do not
properly dispose ol sewage, and also
that there are stagnant pools that
should be removed. A committee was
appointed to urge the' Superintendent
of Public Schools to assign an addi
tional teacher to the Oceanelde school.
Mr. Brummond reported that he had
interviewed property owners on I
street, between • Forty-eighth and For
ty-ninth avenues, relative to the grad
ing of I street and that a petition will
be sent to the Supervisors to- have the
work performed.
the southwest comer of Webster and Sutter
streets and lot 27:«x!» feet, for $8000.
be forwarded to his Honor the Mayer cad a
copy thereof given to the press.
E. J. P. CR11*ET. Presideat.
JOHN H. WEtDEMANN. Secreti^
Grand Parlor Delegates.
During last -week local parlors of
the Native Sons . of the Golden West
have elected delegates to the . Grand
Parlor that Is to meet during the cur
rent month In Vallejo as follows:
Mission Parlor No. S3 — John Porcher. 3.
Joseph Tfciesen and Frank Mllli. Alcatixi
Parlor No. 145— Henry LJchtenateta, Walter J.
Wolf and T.' J. GUlespie; alternates. James
Cunningham. J. P. Jewell and Charles J.
Turner. Alcalde parlor No. KM — I* R. Derre.
A. Rahwyler, George Barker and H. O. Rogers;
alternates. James Desmond. L. F. Exb J P.
McTamney and U H. Heeb. Sequoia * Parlor
No. 160— R. D. Barton. L. C. Fi stole si, James
H. Donohoe and William L. Ltppert: alternates.
L. McEvoy. D. C. B. Murshy. K. McGr«ea;y
and W. C. Latham. •-
C. D. Evers to Mrs. Annie Goldstein, lot oa
the eaet line of Shotwell street, 235 fett north
from Fifteenth. 25x122:6. for $1950; H. H.
Davis to A. T. Morris, lot on the north Una
of California street, 67:6 feet east from Fourth
avenue, 25x107, for 31030; J. C. Spencer to
William L>. Mughson, lot on northeast corner
of C street and Twenty-third avenue, 120xlC0,
for $1400; Rose Kane to David Condon, lot
oa southeast corner of Eighteenth and Dia
mond streets. 25x75. for 91600; J. G. Us to S.
Vock. two flats, . 246-8 Clinton Park, - between
Guerrero and Dolores str*«ts, lot 25x80, for
S4C0O; Flora A. Bland to J. F. Krejlck, lot on
the east line of Park Hill avenue, 102:7 feet
south from Buena Vista avenue, 75x115. for
93300; £. Philips to William A. Sullivan, three
flats. 1522-6 McAllister street, between Scott
and Devtsadero, and lot 26x113:6, for $14,000;
Louise Chevassus to L. Solland, lot on the east
line of Landers street. 110 feet north from
Fifteenth, 25x125, for $1800; E. C. Hughes to
J. Laird, residence 1321 Clay street, between
Jones and Leavenworth. lot 27:6x114, for $7000:
F. W. Thompeon to M. J. Casey, cottage and
lot 330 Fifth avenue, between Point Lobos
nvenue and Clement street, 25x120. for $2150:
CUneo estate to H. Cuppers, lot and old build
ing on lot on the north line of Oregon street,
05 feet east from Front, 8O16O. for $4500; Mrri.
I. B. Cousens to Dr. R. L. Cox, residence on
By th« Oceanslde Improvement Company, a
two-story bulldlnj, with two stores on the
ground flocr and above a larg* hall, a lib
rary and reading rooms, to cost $6000; by Sol
Getz & Son, an oftlco building en south
west corner of H street and Forty-«eventh
avenue, to cost $2500; by Louis C. Wtssing,
a one and one-half rtory cottage Of four
rooms on Forty-seventh avenue, near 11 street;
a two-story house by Yvonne Gelger on Forty
seventh avenue, near I street; a two-etory
house for Henry Van Wle on Forty-sixth ave
nue, near H street; story-and-a-half houses
by John W. Peet on Forty-eighth avenue, be
tween H and I streets, and by Walter Sweet
man on the east side of Forty-sixth . avenue,
250 feet south of H street. A. W. Best Is go
ing to build a cottage on Forty-teventh ave
nue, near H street, and Miss ¦ Florence Naee
a bungalow on Forty-eighth avenue, near H
street.
Three three-story flats that the Cox
Seed Company Is building on the south
east corner of Butter and Steiner streets
will cost $25,000. .
F. B. Surrhyne report* the following
sales during the month of March:
The Von Rheln Real Estate Company
will hold an auction on the 15th inst.
The C. M. .Wooster Company ' will
auction 300 villa lots at Palo Alto on
May 18. The. land is covered with live
oak . trees. The tract adjoins the im
proved portion of Palo Alto and is near
the university grounds. The lots are
50x150 and 50x200 feet. A special train
will be run to Palo Alto and return on
the day of the sale. , \ .
r Henry Stern of David Stern &. Sons
will auction twenty-two residence lots
on Buckley avenue, Excelsior avenue,
Read lane and El Monte lane, in Saus
alito, next Saturday, the auction tak
ing place on the premises. The sale
will take place on the arrival of the
1:45 p. m. boat from San Francisco.
These lots are well placed and in a
favorable locality. There is a fine view
of the bay of San Francisco and the
surrounding country. It is an ideal su
burban residence location, conveniently
near San Francisco.
Catherine F. Hill will erect a three
story building to cost $12,000 on the
north line of Third avenue,, 200 feet
south of Clement street.
Julius Thierbach will build six flats
cm the west line of Flllmore street,'be
tween Page and Fell, to cost $14,000.
Contracts have been let for the con
struction of the following mentioned
buildings in the Oceanslde district:
John Cushman orchard and vineyard
near Hollister, v San Benlto County, to
Innes B. Bortanlo for. $27,000/ The land
is 321 acres in extent.- It is a winery
and there are other good improvements.
Chatfleld \ & Vinrent' have also sold ! for
Perry & Cave, in connection with Wise
man & Wolff T of Sacramento, 126 acres
of bottom land on the Sacramento Riv
er for $16,000; also 130 acres of grain
and pasture land near New York Land
ing for JohrrTormey to W. F. 8awyer
for $3500; a vineyard of 37 acres near
Livermore for C. A. Workman to P.
Boragni- for $4000, and ten lots In the
Frazler Addition to Martinez for $1500.
The j same brokers have also leased to
an Arizona cattleman a large tract in
Tehania County formerly owned by the
La wson brothers for $3900 per annum.
A 10-acre tract near Black Point, Ma*
rin County, has been sold for $1750. ,
Frederick T. Hillyer of Santa Bar
bara has bought the D. W. Skinner
ranch of' 320 acres, between Lincoln and
Newcastle, Placer County. It is im
proved by two vineyards, an orchard
and 100 acres of hay land.
AUCTIONS TO COME 8OOX.
. Lot 25x109, on the west line of Ninth ave.
nue. 50 feet north of K street, to Sarah M.
Farley; lot 26x100, on the southeast line of
Madrid street 276 fe«t northeast of Persia
avenue, to VMlltam Holmes; lot 25x125, on
the north Ur.e of Montana street, 200 feet
oast of Orizaba, to L. T. Ladd; lot 25x120, on
the ' east line of Twentieth ; avenue, 275 feet
south of Point I>obi>f«. to Ellen Faulkner; lot
25x120. on the east line of Twenty-eecond ave
nue, 275 feet south of Lake etrett, to - J. O.
McManus; lot 25x100, on the north line- of !¦
strut. 127:6 feet west of Twenty-second ave
nue, to Mllian Rufs-11; lot 25x240, on the east
line of Twenty-third avenua, 200- fen north of
Li street,, to A. W. Fuehs; lot 25x100, on the
northwest line of London . street, ¦ ; l75 -feet
southeast tit China avenue, to J. McNeil; lot
60x120 feet, on the- «ast line of Nineteenth
avenue, 125 feet south of P -street, to J. P.
fulllvan; .lot-TSxlSO. on the east line of Forty
eighth avenue. 125 fe#t couth of K street,' to
Mary K. Wood*; lot 26x100, «j the eouth line
of J street, P2:tl feet east of Twenty-first ave
nue, to Georee \V. Scott:. lot, 50x120. on the
went line of Eighteenth avenue,' 175 fett north
of J street, to Clara Sawyer; lot 25x120. on the
east line of ; Seventeenth avenue, • 275 feet
north cf 1 street, to William A'.' Sehmftz; lot
25x100. on the north line of J street, :I2:« feet
west of Eleventh :, avenue, to t Theodore
Gurtchke: lot . 60x107 :C,. on the eaet line of
Forty. eighth avenue, 50 feet north of L. street,
to Geors* W. Moore; ; lot 2fixl20, on the west
line - of Twenty-«lxth avrnue. i 27B feet north
of S street, to W. W." Swain; lot 25x100. on the
north line of V street. 32:0 feet eaet of Tenth
avenue, with Improvements, from Emit Mln
zenmayer ,to Heman Strecker.
the rainy weather Inter
fered tt-lth business,? the ; demand for
lots in the outlying districts was strong.
Sol Wagenheim and • others have' sold
Chipps Island, Solano County, to A: M.
Buchanan ' for $25,000.
Chatfldd & Vinrent have Bold the
[NEAR THE 'OCEAN BEACH.
The following sales are -reported by
B. Getz for the month of March:
The following sales are reported by
G..H. Umbsen & Co.: ¦-
For the Merslnr estate, lot 75x76 feet, and
improvements, on the northwest corner of
Folnem and Elrhth etreets. $25,000; for E.
Rohde. lot 37:6x90:10H and improvement*, on
the northwest corner of Fulton and Baker
streets. $21,500; for the Merslngr estate, lot
27:6x106:3 and improvements, on the south
west corner of Fell and Devlsadero streets,
J20.4M); for Michael Forrest and Catherine
Keating, lot 25x75 and improvements, on the
northwest 'Una of Minna street. 75 feet south
west of Sixth, $S400; for H. Thom Wohrden.
I lot 25x113:4 and improvements, at 12 Wash-
I Ir.cton avene and 3 Grand avenue, $7000; for
lirs. Staude, lot 40x65 feet and Improvements,
on the northwest corner of Vallejo street and
Vulcan lane, SC050; for John E. Qulnn, let 23x
SO feet, on the east line of Valencia street, €0
feet north of Nineteenth, $4250; for the Mers
ln* estate, lot 25xlCfi:3, on the west line of
ttevisaflero street. 27:6 south of Fell. $4100; for
Michael Taroony. lot 25xS.'« and improvements,
on the southwest line of Dore street. 135 feet
southeast of Folsom. $3550; for Mrs. Cotter,
lot 26x131:0. on the west side of Guerrero
street, 1C5 feet south of Fourteenth, $2900; for
A 3 Ranken, lot 27x100 feet, on the west line
of Eanchei street. 2S feet north of Fourteenth,
$27C0.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold the
property at ' 1843 Mission street, east
side, between Fourteenth and Fifteenth
streets. On it is a frame building, un
der a ten years' lease. Leopold E. and
Michael S. Alexander are the sellers.
The price Is $11,000.
¦ Besides a very Important eale in the 60-vara
district, east of Larkin street.. In which trans
fer a number of small holdings are Included,
and concerning which full details will be given
next week, Davidson & l^lgh report the fol
lowing: recent sales:
For Isabella fchottler to Mela H. Khoenke.
22:11x75 feet with Improvements consisting of
four flats on the southeast line of Clara street,
20(1:3 northeast of Fifth, for $3400; for the
Partridge estate to E. M. MajrJtart, the unlni
1 proved lot on the . south line of California
i?treet t 153 feet weet of Baker. sUe 25x137, for
I S240O: for nivers Bros, to Emma H. Brown,
I the lot and improvements consisting of six
'flats on the souO-eaftt line of Shloley street,
the 475 feet southwest of Fifth, elxe of lot
! 25x75, fcr $4500; for the Dally estate to Henry
O. Trowbrid*e. the lot and' Improvements on
I the southwest line of Rausch ¦ street, 175 feet
| northwest from Folscm, 25x112 feet, running
through to Clementina, Improvements consist-
Ing of five flats, for $5100; for E. M. Mag
gart to Abe I<?vy, the store on the west line
of Flllmore strt-et. 103 feet north of Sacra
! menlo street, lot 25x90. for $9760; for J. W.
Hamilton ¦ to Oscar Heyman, the unimproved
lot on the southwest Una of Berlin street, 125
feet northwest of .Weyland. lot 75x120 feet,
! for $500: for the Standard Oil Company to J.
Caesaretto, the lot and Improvements on the
southwest line of Dore street. 175 feet north
west of Folsom. clze of lot 75x85 feet.
CORNERS AXD -HOMES.
A. J. Rich & Co. have sold . for
Charles Schlesinger to Sydney Liebes
the northeast corner of Broadway and
Laguna street, 50x137:6 feet, for $20,000-
The purchaser will erect a handsome
residence on the lot.
Sanford FIgenbaum has bought from
Herman and Theresa Asher, through
the agency of Marion Leventrltt, 20x80
feet, with frame building under lease,
on the west line of Stockton street, 80
feet south of Sutter street, for $31,000.
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. have
bought for a client the Wisconsin Hotel
property, on the northeast corner of
Pacific and Montgomery streets, 137:6
feet on Pacific street and 113:6 feet on
Montgomery street, with hotel and ad
joining frame building, for $37,500y
Speck & Co. have leased to Mrs. B.
Allen for Wolf Fleischer the St. Hilaire
apartment-house, on the west line of
Lacuna street, between Post and Sut
ter streets, for ten years, the aggregate
rentals for the term amounting to
$54,110.
VL H. de Young is the purchaser of
the Jo'sephs property, on Kearny street,
adjoining the Chronicle building. The
frontage owned by Mr. de Young on
Kearny street is now 112 feet. The pur
chase price was $300,000. The Chronicle
building will be extended to cover the
lot on Kearny street.
The northwest corner of Taylor and
North Point streets, 275x137:6 feet, has
been sold to the Holmes Investment
Company for $30,000 by the estate of
Frederick Billings.
The estate of Henry Levy has sold to
Reuben Cohen 55x137:6 feet on the south
line of McAllister street, 65 feet west
of Gough street, with Improvements,
for $19,200.
Sales have been made through the
city department of the C. M. Wooster
Company ae follows:
Vr. Frank S. Emmal to Mrs. Delia Fallen.
lot 29x&0 feet, more or less, and Improvement*
on the east side of Jones street, - between
CVeary and Post, on private terms; William
Wolfe to C. W. U oil l.i. lot 27:CxS7:6, with flats
and t tores, on the south line of, Fulton street,
M feet west of -Buchanan, for $7400; - P. J.
Meyers to Mrs. C. Klelnhammer, lot 25x75 feet,
and three flats- en the »outh side, of ¦ Harrison
street, t>0 feet west of Sixth, for $7000; Mrs.
E. Hendrlckson to P. J. Stuparlch, lot 66x
C5:P, and Improvement*.. on the northeast cor
ner of Vallejo andJ'Whlte streets, for $3250.
Of the 795 transfers of real estate In
the city of San Francisco In March, 4S3
must be credited to the Western Addi
tion and the outside land districts. Of
the total amount represented In dollars
In the sales these two generally de
scribed localities make a showing of
$1,862,418. The Mission district had 1S6
sales and the properties th' at changed
hands represented {423,692 according to
the sale prices. The total sales in March
aggregated $3,611,075. The movement
in email properties • was marked, and
such movement continues to be a fea
ture of a market In which great num
bers of cjtlzens are taking active inter
est. The building contracts in March
represented $1,373,703.
Many Deals Carried I Through yah1d|lfl^]Sii6v?nlDy
Transactions; That /Most Activity Prevai led
in Outside Lands and West of Larkin Street
REALTY SALES FOR MONTH
REACH TOTAL OF $3 ,611 ,000
THE SAX FRANCISCO; :CALL.i -SUNDAY. APRIL: 3/ 1904:
28
SEE THE PHOTOGRAPHS.
His Majesty King of tbe House-
hold.
Can Yon Guess What These
• Pictures; Will Be Like?
NEXT SUKDAYCAUL.
ADVESTISElttENTS.
Another Cause of High Bi|Is|
«/ W A FUAME'LIKE THIS INDI- f
W* CATES THAT THE GAS f
y^ BURNER NEEDS CLEANING, f
* f* ATT" A T^TTTT *
Information Bflreao, 6as Company's Office |
r UK A *^-i fKn IN ni r?. * 1
SEW FREE HEGEIPT
@URESWEAK MEi.
THE FULL RECEIPT, FULL DIRECTORS and DESCRIPTIVE
BOOK FREE-SEHD ADDRESS TODAY,
Sew inprmd Wethod that Ceres AH Ifirens Diseases that ExHsbs*
the Vlh! Pewtrt of Hsn-Sives iht Vigor and Inclination
of Men of 25 to Men of 65 and Cures Permanently.
For tbe benefit of male readers yocsg aad old -who find themselves weak in vital rano*
fion. fhc "weO kmnrn Dr. Knapp Medical Co. of Detroit, Michigan, will seed their fai»
Rjoofi rocctoC arKi » v*} cLir^ocdoixs ho^^ to m
. Tonrsell at borne, free cf charge. It is not SS^sftk
necessary to ¦write a full letter, as th«7 send it /rtftdS^. /y^S.
fr« as s»n as they recdre yonr nanse and ff^M^CTt V«^»<A 5*&*&S
address. Woaderfd inrprovcaicats ha^ been EoGa^ Sr- A3s£fi?<f3
made in this farnoas receipt until it now poei- &i<jf£i@r
u*rZj gires liw longed-for effect in only one £$& I ' j^^K^^^l
day's nse, aad ctn-es perraanently in hzll the 'uSH^ fE3flw£M&S$S$fcM$L
lime required by say ether method that we have jg^S?W^^W^^J
erer heard cf. It is a lasting cure for any form
of wasting draini, ritd weakcoes, lack of stay- gSl *^^^^^
pr»rs«turitT, dissat.'^fectioo, raricocd-, §*&SiSSiF_
stricter : and all ether embarrassing conditions jm^SfaiPffeh. WH
.thi-i iateferc With the newly disooverod in- v^ti^Kfc
qrtdicnts that have lately been addod this woo- jgragpm^H S^^^HCT
go«a direct to the weikczed paru, makes the / \
mosdes firm, the nerrcs steady aid has a vit- / s^^^^
alidad edsct on the glands aad mucous °«m-igb iij^^f h.
er yon \rrite iix sooner yea will be cr«*d j^V^^*^^^tf&EiTXSpm!
The tddrers is Dr. Knapp Medical Co.. j :cfl "^^^%^^/^^~^^
Hull Buildiag, Detroil, Mich. The new re- */?. .•>-: »
ceipt with foil directions how *o cure yocrself privately at home and a book that goes
into the subject thoroughly will be mailed yon »t once in a plain sealed package free of
charge. You win not be asked to deposit any money or to pay for it in any way. It
is absolutely free; sad as it can cost you nothing you should send for it without
delar sad find cat far yourstlf that it c*a core 703. .
Weekly Call, $1.00 per Year
"I had to wear a truss for several
years, to keep the bowel up.but I have
now discarded it. after using six boxes
o{ Pyramid Pile Cure. I - think after
forty years of suffering, the six boxes
m as a small amount to make such an
agreeable change, as I .was unable to
do any work that required stoopjng in
the last eight years. .1 recommend
Pyramid - Pile Cure to every/one with
whom . I come ', In contact, . as I consider
it beyond price."": Geo/W. Ivey, don-
federate Soldiers' Home," Richmond,
Va7,/.y '¦','-. : *C, ,-'..,-",: ¦;¦
We vouch for the truth* and accuracy,
of the above -testimonial^ and urge' all
sufferers to purchase a fifty cent pack-
age of this famous remedy at the near-
est drug store, and gi%'«. It a trial to-
night, i Accept' no substitutes, and re-
member there! is , no' remedy, "Just Vis
good." . "Z-. ,\.'' '¦':['], J '.' ¦;.'; . j _. ¦
'.The. Pyramid Drug Co., Marshall,
Mich;, publish;, a ;; lltUe 'book . on! ,the
causes and cure of piles. ¦ and will glad-
ly'send It free' to any^addrea* * ' (
There could be no greater fallacy, as
the worst possible cases of piles are
permanently cured, by the use of Pyra-
mid Pile Cure, which la In suppository
form, Is applied' directly to the source
of the complaint, and removes the
cause, which an operation does not. i
"I have been a sufferer from piles for
over forty years,- and after trying
everything I could , hear or read of.
without benefit or.rellef,*I came to the
conclusion to give Pyramid Pile Cure
a trial, and I can truly, say "At has given
m<- entire satisfaction; It is a wonder-
ful remedy. The bleeding: has entirely
ceased, the protruding; has stopped,
there Is no longer, any; Itching, and I
feel no swelling of the parts; in fact I
feel like a new man. .
Why. do physicians always advise an
operation for the cure of hemorrhoids,
or piles? Are they unconsciously In-
fluenced by the dicta of operating sur-
geons, who stoutly assert and maintain
that all other treatments are merely
palliative, and that the knife affords
the only means of cure?"
Wicn a Simple Home Remedy Cures.
SURGEONS RESORT
TO THE KNIFE
. . . "• /
ADVEETISE1CENT8.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
CS yb&93 Beginning to-morrow and continuing the entire week, our t^^N^S
TygfeggNr' Annual Spring Opening, the first in our new Geary Street estab- y5§lL^>sL
I^Su^^r lishnient. A gorgeous and extensive showing of the season's new
UB^T productions to 'which all are invited without any obligation to pur-
;!^V chase. Money saving specials in every department will add zest to J/ijiy
• tbe occasion.
This has been called "the most sumptuously equipped retail
store in all America." Take advantage of the coming week's event
to test tbc truth of that assertion. Below are a few of the values to
be offered—see to-day's Chronicle for complete list.
Smith's celebrated Tapestry Brussels Carpet, floral Green metal beds, double size. Regular P r » ce C7in
' and Persian patterns. Special for, Easter week ZC f $9-50- Special for Easter week only fJJI.lV
only, including sewing, lining and laying U3v Golden bureaus. Regular price $15.00. Spe- tf*|| JZ
Serviceable Linoleum in tile, wood and floral effects. cial for Easter week only. V-"»«"
* Regular price 55c. Special for Easter week 1A- Mahoganized birch bureaus. Regular price $/)*) Sjfl
only, per square yard *Vv $30.00. Special for Easter week only. . «J»£r£»tJv
Rich Axminster Rugs in pleasing patterns; size 27 Mahoganized birch toilet tables. Regular price
by 63 inches. Special for Easter week only. (P| QC $14.00. Special for Easter week only.. CIA CA
Golden oak toilet tables. Regular pries CIO f\f\
ti . ,. , . .. t . . l- . ¦ r> $24.00. Special for Easter week only.. «plU.vl/
Handsome line of imitation Arabian curtains. Reg- _. , , ..^ - t> » «•- m
ular prices $8.50 to $0.50 the pair. Special ff* AA Birdseye maple chiffoniers Regular price 50
for Easter week only. JpO.UU $3O.oo. Special for Easter week only. . dbb.M
Imitation Arabian curtains in six different patterns. Three-piece golden oak bedroom sets. Regular
Regular prices $7.50 to $8.50 the pair. Spe- ffC AA * P ", CC $65 °°- S P ecial for Easter week $48 75
cial for Easter week only flD.UU only,; «p*U.lt/
Corded Nottingham curtains in Arabian color. Also
some of the very popular Colonial curtains. Both Reed arm rockers. Regular price $7.00. ffC
sell regularly for $3.50 the pair. Special fl»^ CA Special for Easter week only Qv.Lv
for Easter week only $L,d\J Mahoganized birch Morris chairs. Regular price
Heavy rep portieres, with rich Oriental borders. $16.50. Special for Easter week only.. C/l^ 3I"»
Regular price $6.50. Special for Easter CA tylit.Od
week only, the pair tpi.dU Golden oak library tables. Regular price £11 JC
Heavy rep portieres, with Gobelin tapestry bor- , $15.00. Special for Easter week only.. $ll,£tU
ders. Regular prices $o.?o and $10.00.^ CA Golden oak or imitation mahogany bookcases. Reg-
Special for Easter week only, the pair... «pU.«JV u j ar pr j ce $12.00. Special for Easter week £Q AA
Our entire new line of French Cretonnes, valued at only • «P7,Uv
$1.00. Special for Easter week only, per 7C-
yard * *"* Weathered oak 6-foot extension tables, square.
Figured art tickings m new dainty colonnjj3. Reg- Regular price $23.50. Special for Easter fft/: AA
ular prices 30c and 35c Special for Easter tJC- wee k on Iy I «plO,7t/
' week only, the yard Ldl Golden oa k c hina closets. Regular price^5n flft
¦^ v $40.00. Special for Easter week only. .«?«"# vU
Golden* oak cobbler seat rocker. Regular ZA Weathered oak buffets. Regular price C|| JZ
price $3.50. Special for Easter week only.. «J«.UU $15.00. Special for Easter week only.. 0U.*iw
Golden oak wood seat rockers. Regular price ffZ AA Golden oak cane seat dining chairs. Regular 0| 'J A
$8.50. Special for Easter week only «J0.7v price $1.75. Special for Easter week only. . OliOU
Mahoganized birch Roman chairs, upholstered seat. "
Regular price $4.50. Special for Easter tf 3 iA Golden oak hall stands. Regular price Cti
week only... ; tpiV'fU $15.00. Special for Easter week only.. Oil.-t)
Mahoganized birch music cabinets. ReeulatffA AA Mahoganized birch tabourets. Regular price 0| ft A
price $12.00. Special for Easter week only. .tp7«Ul/ $2.50. Special for Easter week only OI.VU
Upholstered gilt reception chair. Regular £7 CA Maple writing desks. Regular price $io.oo.O l 7 CA
price $10.00. Special for Easter week only.. «PI«3U Special for Easter week only VlitJl/
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary Street, At Union Square,
I Another Bargain Week I
Begins To-Morrow |
p Dress Goods Specials. Ready-te-Wear Garments. , h
I 50c SUk Stripe ChalUes 35c TanJ **S*o Suit $i 9: 75-T«iilor-made |
f. -Cream, pink, light blue, re- Cheviot Smt, Aton jj^j^ |
R scda and champa|nc grounds. «pc: trimmed J?thgfe«cj |
U with neat rosebud and small J«»<« and b fl ands ?!StfS |
I florsl designs; also some Wl 9-Rore flart. Colors blacky |
B pretty Persian patterns, stylish na .^' bluc % n6 \>S ht and dark |
P Sk stripe effects, suitable for mix c tu J«- R^ ular ; 7C 1
P summer waists, kimona*. etc.; b'.$^£oo. Special Jiy,/3 |
U fast colorings. Regular- * m P rice If
II Iy 50c yard. Special, per 4Kr $35-oo Suit $28.00— The new g
t* yard " wuv Eton Etamine Suit, fancy H
1 Si'so Lattice Voile Etamines QS c tri 5 1 T <?d J witI ? f -,? cy V}£ - braid 1
I yard-All the new colorings, ™ d binds of s,1k. with wncy |
ft champagnes, silver grays, tans, trimmed skirt. Colors black, |
% onion browTis, heliotrope. na P'' brown, gray A/jq aa «
U cream and black. All wool— 43 | nd \? n ' . R , c Sularly J^Q.^y |
8 inches wide. Fine sheer n - *3S: Special price. Vwv« |
R quality, worth $1.50 yard. USr $12.50 Etamine Skirt $975— g
u Sale price, per yard /uw Black, Fancy Etamine Skirt, H
I 85c British Mohair SiciUans 50c [rimmed at flounce and top; gi
5 >-ard— A very silky iron frame ]i \^ °-S°_ re , fla f e ffft 7C I
I weave; full 51 inches wide. skirt. Regularly JU / J) |
I Conies in mt^. gun metal and '-"ud^s 00?$ V/^W |
g oyster gray, tobacco brown, $5.00 India Silk Waist $3-75 — B
K royal blue and rich fast White India Silk Waist, g
[I black — an extra heavy m/% tucked and lace trimmed front, n
6 quality. Regularly 85c Sjlr and full pouch &* nr H
I] yard. Special, per yard uvv sleeves. Regularly Vt / S p|
I * ? 5 .oo Sale price. . . . $° 9t " g
ff We sponge «nd shrink all $ Jj0O SUk Waist $4.95— Extra H
¦ dress goods boaght here free quality White India Silk B
b of charge. Waist, lace trimmed and H
fe tucked back; front and sleeves H
fe GlOVe Special. very full and pouch- a 1 **• R
g 75c Lisle Mesh Gloves 50c— ed. Regularly $7-°o. JkJ. US i
1- . Mesh gloves so much in de- Sale price .v^t^w h
f- mand this season. We have r»..r.*ai« c n( ,«!,i U
I* receive a line of pure lisle all- Curtain Special. |
A ¦ mesh gloves, in black and Swiss Curtains 89c pair — Ruffled n
R white, which we place on sale Swiss Curtains, pretty new B
p at a price which must appeal designs, suitable for cottages, H
D to 3 r ou. Regularly 75c »»n bedrooms, etc. Actual /\q B
D pair. Special sale price T\\\C, value $1.35 pair. Spc- UXr 3
b t/uvj cia] price /uw g
I PONGEE SILKS— BARGAINS I |
U Pongee — 27 in. to 32 in. wide— in white, jasper and hatu- mn . M
fe ral pongee colors; plain, figured and lace stripe. Spe- S||(T k
|£ cial this week, per yard t/ W H
P Persian Striped Pongee — In great variety. Regular 65c <**v |j
p value. -Special price, per yard lUP S
\X^^^^^^$- We arc arranging Special Pa r ties
. W 'SOUTHERN PACIFIC
\ml Through Tourist Cars, Fine Scenery
• I Call or Bend postal to '
I S- Fm BOO TH, General Agent U> P.R, /?.
/ Montgomery St., San Franc isao
or any Southern Pacific AgentIn the south of Ireland, near Inchi
geelath, is the "Cat's Well," the wa
ters of which are supposed, to exert
marvelous remedial effects upon ail-
Ing tabbies. . . •'•--;,
King is an old' resident of Hueneme.
His companion is a boy about 16 years
of age and the only son In a large fam
ily. His mother is almost frantic over
his disappearance.
VENTURA, April 2.— Jack. King and
Arley Teters left the little port of
Hueneme a week ago last Tuesday fur
a day's fishing in the Santa Barbara
Channel. Since that time nothing has
been heard of them. They went out
in a small open boat with food enough
for but one day, and intended to re
turn at 'nightfall. A severe storm pre
vailed en tho channel on Tuesday, and
it was supposed at first that the fish
ermen had sought shelter In one of
the many coves on Anacapa Island.
King is a well-known fisherman and
an expert sailor, and but little fear
was felt for the safety of the party.
As the days went by, however, and no
tidings came, their disappearance caus
ed great anxiety.
On Thursday Captain Thomas Mer
ry, who perhaps knows the channel
and the islands better than any other
person in this section, organized a
searching party, and in his yacht Daisy
set out from Santa Barbara for Ana-'
capa. He put into Hueneme to-day
without having obtained any informa
tion or finding any trace of the lost
men.
Two Residents of Hueneme
Who. Went Fishing in an
Open Boat Fail to Return
FRIENDS FEAR
THEY ARE LOST
ACCUMULATION OF FUNDS.
Cash In Bank Vaults Surpasses Any
Total Previously Recorded.
NEW YORK, April 2. — The Fi
nancier says: An expansion of nearly
$15,000,000 in loans and of more- than
$20,000,000 in deposits, accompanied
by a gain of over $5,000,000 in cash,
were the principal features of the"
bank statement last week. Both loans
and deposits make new . high records
and the cash in. bank vaults surpasses
any total previously recorded. The
. accumulation of funds was greatly in
excess of the amount of increase as
estimated from the traceable move
ments of money during the week, in
dicating large unreported , receipts.
The expansion of loans resulted partly
from the placing of fifty millions of
the' Pennsylvania notes, which was,ef
fected on Friday. The public de
posits were increased $15,618,700 dur
ing the fortnight, caused by the con
centration of these funds in New York
depositories. The ; cash reserve was
Increased $5,461,400 and the required
reserve, resulting from the increase
of $20,700,900 deposits, was augment
ed by $5,140,225, deducting which
sum from . the gain in , cash leaVes
$280,175 as the increase jn surplus re
serve' to $27,755,150. Computed upon
the basis of 'deposits,-- less those of
$56,10^,400 public funds, the surplus
is $41,781,900: : ;.
Loans were Increased $14,843,400.
Society Young .' Ladles to Sing.
, SUISUN, 'April 2.— : About .twenty
five of . Suisun's ; society,' young \ ladles
will appear next Monday arid ' Tuesday
evenings on the local' stage In. operatic
extravaganza, ; presenting; A the /"Mili
tary Glrl.V a very popular; musical
production! The s entertainment is to
be !- .Riven i* under.: the auspices of 'the
Woman's • Irii provement Club 4 for; the
benefit of ; the* park;; fund. A profes
sional V instructor r has ; charge 4 of the
rehearsals, and 'the affair will no
doubt be a financial as well as a social
success." • "
Former Editor; Passes Away.
BERKELEY," April 2.*— News comea
from Bisbee, 'Ariz., ;'of, the 'death there
of Will v' A; Nash, t ; 'formerly \ editor t of
the i Berkeley^ Herald i arid •¦ founder^ of
the BerkeleyV;Gaiette. / He
known as a ; newspaper, man. -and-; had
been editor* of l*a vnumber of f papers
besldesl those 1 in Berkeley,", notably the
Alaska .? Miner." Death, was due, -to
heart disease: Mr. :, Nash /leaves • a
wife,* Mrs. ¦ Dr. 7< Nash of San Bernar
<jino. -> ; ¦'. ";..'¦ :• • ", '. ' ¦ [' ' .
Sj>ectal Dispatch to The 'Call,
POMONA, April 2.— Elmer W. Swan
ton, editor and proprietor of the Po
mona Daily Review, died this morning
after a long Illness with Bright's dis
ease. His death had been expected
hourly for days, and it . is wonderful
that his vitality endured so long. He
was 58 years of age.
For several years he had been the
leading Republican editor in the Po
mona Valley and a | man . of Influence
in this region. He was formerly .presi
dent of the Maine State Press Associa
tion and an ally of'James G. Blaine in
his campaign for the Presidency. When
he was a young man he served as sec
retary to Senator Charles Sumner of
Massachusetts. The deceased leaves' a
wife and four children. The Pomona
Review will be run for a short time
by the Swanton estate.
NOTED EDITOR
PASSES AWAY
IN THE SOUTH
In -tho present torpid state of the
public demand for stocks the supposi
tion of speculative operations seems
inadequate. The conviction is there
fore general that there has been an
important accumulation of Union Pa
cific stock for jj some other than the
speculative purpose of reselling at an
advance. : . Last week's surmise that
Morgan-Hill interests were taking the
stock to balance the* Harrlman-Kuhn-
Loeb holdings in Northern Pacific and
Great Northern was supplemented this
week by circumstantial assertions that
St. Paul and Standard Oil interests
were acquiring Union Pacific control
to assure a Pacific Coast outlet for St.
Paul. The of 'such/'anV outlet
was admitted by St. Paul at the time
of the purchase of , the Burlington, and
steps, toward that' end were taken at
the lime. It would be useless to sum
up all the rumors and assertions of
the week '. that Ingenuity and specula
tion have prompted on this basis.* This
has been the motive power of the mar
ket. Its effectiveness has x been fos
tered by some •¦ encouraging factors In
the general conditions. 1 Money is abun
dant rates have: declined. The
transfer' of '- Government ' deposits -" to
New York An preparation for, the Pan
ama ,cahal payments has increased the
supply ini the 'market. The expected
outflow of gold was delayed. ' Railroad
earnings have ; made, a somewhat : bet
ter comparison^ with ; last -year.lCheer
ful reports come \ from the coal ¦ trade,
arid an: active' demand is \ reported for
copper. Improving conditions. "show". In
the Iron and 'steer; trade, ;but;the pros
pect of a 1 poof, quarterly report by the
United States ¦ Steel : Corporation ,". and
doubts, over .the']^maintenance , of the
preferred dividend^haye; modified ;.ttiat
Influence. '\ The^ crop outlook continues
But the embarrassment of the enor
mous tie-up of capital for maintaining
the holdings of the various interests in
the company prompted the holding
company for the purpose of allowing
the release of some of the capital in
volved without relinfluishment' of con
trol. This is accepted as a demonstra
tion of a way out for actual'commu
nity of interest without conflicting
with the Supreme Court decision. The
present speculation seems based upon
the assumption that with a way open
for- securing community of interest in
the railroad world there will be a re
newal of tho- projects which were
nipped in the bud by the Judicial dis
approval of the Securities Company.
The one substantial basis for the as
sumption that such policies are work
ing out is the continued large absorp
tion of Union Pacific stock. There was
a time when transactions in as large
volume as those recently made in Un
ion Pacific might have been plausibly
set down to a purely speculative cam
paign, but that was when abroad, gen
eral limit for stocks , could be relied
upon for quick absorption of specula
tive holdings.
MOTIVE POWER -OF MARKET.
uncertain, but is not yet a dominant
Influence.
Bonds have moved irregularly on a
moderate volume of business. United
States 2s, old 4s, new 4s coupon and 3s
registered have advanced V*. and the
Ss coupon % per cent" on call during
Pioneer Gilroy Woman Dead.
SAN JOSE, April 2. — Mrs. Mary
Kannely, a pioneer woman of Gilroy,
died at her home near that place early
this morning. She was the wife of Mat
thew Kannely and mother of James
E. Kannely, a .well known business
man of Gilroy. Deceased waa a native
of Tipperary, Ireland, and 77 years of
age. Mrs. Kannely came to this coun
try when a girl and In 1860 was mar
ried to Mr. Kannely. She has lived
near Gilroy for more than forty years.
Death Calls Pioneer Lumber Man.
WINNIPEG, Manitoba, April 2. —
W. R. Dick, a pioneer lumber man of
the Canadian Northwest, for - years
practically controlling the lumber In
terest of the Weat, la dead, aged 83
years.
Former Theatrical Manager Dead.
WASHINGTON. April 2." —Samuel J.
Kingsley, once manager of the Na
tional Theater here and .well known in
theatrical circles, died here to-day of
heart disease, aged 60 years.
Pleasure la but a weed,' Joy a fruit.
Feeling has crystallized in Wall street
that the dissolution of the Northern
Securities Company has the effect of
re-establishing the conditions of the
Northern Pacific settlement as they
were before the formation of the
Northern Securities Company. It will
be remembered that a compromise
board of directors has been named by
J. P. Morgan for the Northern Pacific,
which included Union Pacific repre
sentatives and effected an actual com
munity of interests in that company.
UNION" PACIFIC IN DEMAND.
The volume and the character of the
transactions in the great Pacific and
transcontinental railroad stocks give
ample warrant for the prevalent as
sumption that important operations
are working out in that field designed
to establish financial policies on the
part of the great forces of railroad
capital. What the policies are have not
been established, and conjecture on the
subject has afforded ample material
for SDeculation and the flotation of
rumors to further it, which have va
ried constantly and almost from day
to day. It is manifest that many of
these rumors have had their origin
from a traversal of the history of the
events leading up to the formation of
the Northern Securities Company and
th^nrojects which were afterward dis
cussed to meet the conditions of the
merger.
Prices of stocks have moved in, an
irregular way during the week, with
numerous^ reactions, but the undertone
has been strong, and there has been a
considerable broadening of interest in
the market. The principal market in
fluence was the dissolution of the
Northern Securities Company and its
supposed consequences, but it is prob
able that- a revival of speculation
would have occurred ¦ anyhow as an
outcome of the factors usually oper
ative in the spring of the year, when
the outlook for future business natural
ly begins to take form .and money con
ditions at the reserve centers are likely
to nfford facilities for speculative op
erations. . .
NEW YORK, April 2.— To-day's stock
market was an insignificant affair, as
was eapected of a two hours' session
between two holidays. The fact that
the London market was. closed to-day
was an additional incentive to ab
senteeism on the part of the Stock Ex
change members. The drift of prices
was sluggish throughout. The Pacific
stocks t specially receded from their re
cent prominence in the market Peo
ple's Gas suffered from profit tak
ing, and was a depressing influence on
the general list. The Weather Bureau's
crop bulletin and the weekly-reviews of
the commercial agencies were not suffi
ciently cheerful to induce any buying
of stocks, but there was no urgent
pressure to sell. The bank statement
revealed the large transactions which
have been going on in the money mar
ket, but the maintenance last week of
the full surplus by the offsetting of
other items, and the extreme ease
now ruling in the money market pre
vented any anxiety over the banking
situation. The cash items reflected
the receipt of Government deposits
from interior banks coming over from
iast week's operations. The Govern
ment deposits included JnMhe deposit
item amount to {56,107,400, compared
with S45.948.1OO last week. The expan
sion of nearly 515.000,000 in the loan
item is considered corroborative of the
rumors of large loans contracted dur
ing the week in connection with stock
market operations. Yesterday's pay
men of subscriptions to the $50,000,000
Pennsylvania issue probably figures in
this item also. The market closed easy
on a late selling movement.
Total sales of bonds were (par value)
$1,540,000.
PRICES ARE IRREGULAR.
Dissolution of the. North
ern Securities Company
Provokes Much Discussion
MANY RUMORS 'AFLOAT
Numerous Reactions Occur
During Week, but Interest
in the Market Broadens
STOCK PRICES
ARE SLUGGISH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY. APR1LU3, 1901.
29
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WEEKLY CALL, $1.00 PEB YEAB.
SltfWS&n HIENAKDWQMEr..
C^g^CUKEb^U Cee Bird for anoHnrai
iSaSE' U l to e darOB <Jifcb»rgo6,lnCimm*ticn»,
/S£» CBtnetnd W Irritation* or ulrtraticBI
£<tSf km to nrtcun. """ of m neon s tnembr»B»*.
y* T> Frrtmmu CmutIm. Puin'.fft, tnd cot aetrlB-
B?»lTaEETM»SCHIWIC*lC(>. c*nt or poiioneos.
t«f& CiKBIS«Tl.C.gP2H «oJd by Drarrl«U,
JTlKaav by exrren. rr*p«.fd. lot
• 'VwSsSS&SSfcfK ? 100 - or s bottle* 12.76.
H * Circular §ect en R«Deft
n T3 tt o TU T^ O rOR nxriBERS. 3a-
DKu jnllo kpr ". bootblack*, twth-
hrwwere. bookbinder*, canfly makera. ca.Dn^•».
<J>V». flour mill*, foundries. uundrieB. p*F«r-
hanccrs, prlntrrn. painters, eho* lacto^IcN
Hablemen. tar-roofers, tar.nere. tailors, etc .
BCCnAJfAN BEOS,
Brasb Kax.ni Jictarerc, 609 Sacramento St.
/'¦.•icit DR. JORDAN'S cheat 6
MUSEUM OF fiHATOHY?
A Q£ :c::KAr.sri6T.te*..;-tft:&,3,rcd. p
\ Cf The L»r»e»t Amtonict) Matron in tbe \
A L Jtj' | World. \reikce*»e» or any <ontr»ctt<l Q
6 fr '-Spy! <)>"« psaltlwl/ rared h» the oldest Y
0 t§^ '¦ 0R - J3RDAK-D«S£ASES OF KEN 6
X IPSV^R Coo««!«»k« frrr «n<S «m<ti7 pr<ntt. \
Q I ijfij? I Trninrtnl prnorn'.'f «w bj- Itttrr. A Q
T 6 Ijr T* P—Htwe Cten in trrry cssc un<trrt»t n. T
A T H lilt Wrttefo. B«k,P«ll'O««»MV«f A
"d I M/tn«tlA«r.. MAILKS ritEtt. <Af
¦>l ft IJ, valuaUc book tot tnrr.) - X
Y DO. JUCDA5 A tO.. I05IM«rk»t8t..S.F. Y
IC "IS INIMITABLE
I CRUELTY.
I 3 =
T . "THE TOAD UNDER
J THE HARROW."
IN" =======
•p^J Read the
S-a* I Caster Number
APRIL •}
. OVERLAND
MONTHLY
J5 Cents. At All News Stands.
• Thousands of physicians now pre-
scribe Grape-Nuts food in; all cases
where strength Is expected from food.
"There V a. reason." '
. Look In each ] pkg. - for the famous
little book. "The Road to Wellvllle." "
"Now' notwithstanding she is also
Just recovering from a severe attack
of the whooping cough, which she
has had for the last. three*. months,- she
has gained steadily in weight, is grow-
ing nicely and her. entire recovery 13
promising and hopeful and we are
confident of complete success.
"Our surgeon Is delighted with the
rapid Improvement she is making and
both he and ourselves are more than
thankful that vte tried! Grape-Nuts."
The writer of this letter is the /Pas-
tor of a church at Warrensville, Ohio.
Name given by Postum Co., Battle
Creek. Mich. 1*&UbBKKB&8g&dmsSa!UHm
"For a year and a half she barely
held her own until Grape-Nuts was
tried, which she liked from the first,
and in two months gained two pounds
in weight where during the 18 months
proceeding she. had lost weight.
"This sounded easy, but proved » a
difficult case to treat, as there were
so many foods recommended -that did
not agree with her or that she did not
like and therefore would not eat.
. The surgeon who is attending a
dangerous case praises the food that
helped' his little patient.
"I have a story to tell about what
Grape-Nuts did and is still doing: for
my child, a story marvelous indeed,
which. seems almost incredible, but
which is an absolute fact.
"Two years ago in March my little
four-year-old daughter was stricken
down with Tuberculosis of the right
hip Joint. We put her. in charge of u
specialist for treatment. He told
us that our. only hope of saving her
hip and perhaps her life in addition
to his surgical treatment was to build
up her system with good nourishing
food to make good rich blood, bone,
muscle And .fat, which in time would
cure the disease by absorption.
The Surgeon's Assistant In a Danger-
ous Case.
. 1
SATISFIED
GRAPE-NUTS.
PRAGEKS
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
B 1 [ ' ' j?Ja l Three-Piece Parlor Suit — Colonial frame, mahog- J^Jftjjffi^ {^^^^'W^fM^^X
\ //>^ : \\ anized, upholstered in figured da- <r» -jrj j-r\ YT^Trf 1 li^^^^^^^S^
J^^^rall mask, best steel springs. Price $*JJ,D\J J J JJ | '¦f$^v^fSJWM^&
*- <L l ! 2r5$3 • A** Am Parlor OabJnrt—. ¦ i
PoWtoff Bed-Gol«ien nnlsh. °& oa^oifc: j Af I fP£&Ofli mlrror^^raSeful »re««er - Solid oak.
Z\% SaurelS $26.50 ' [¦'.'¦" ' — — '— ! " ™Z::;; $16.25
golden finish, canopy Ohlffoaiw — Solid ' *¦¦¦ Brail Bed— Two-Inch uprights "4
ffi..r 5 B. a.?.'" 0^^ b «rr!>.»^. m ! r r:..f*?::::::: $27.75. £;- e s& -95c frf.-.':..^;;;;:;: 537.S0
"""'^ VCtL* Bejral Rangre— Not the cheape st, but the most economical. It has been . «pv
/ 4% MMATO demonstrated that It will pay for Itself in the saving of fuel. Every part I |m/| iHb/^««m T
WLirDwLS Kuar.int.eed. Rullt to last a lifetime. Terms, SLOP down aad $1.00 a vrert. L^l ct-L/Wl T
The new spring designs are excep- /ftBrnffijiMpl ¦"¦ -~J£SsS _— -—^ „. iiilMlii— We '' show a vast assortment of lace cur-
mBwPr^^SliWBtefc '.'JHHBBW^'.^lffilr'BHI : '&$£$&% tains, portieres, couch covers, cut
desired, we can suit Ythe most MaB^^^wSmSSBWm^^aL 1Rfiwk£P excellent prade of poods. Price per
out. Tins department is in^e £§&§$$> ra
hands of experts and we guaran- g^g-gif) ©EIAWi>T CouTcUr^daT' SxgT&Zi
tee you satisfaction at our always ' _j%J j mm Jtvm-WVlSr* M^fcB}T* yards long, 58 inches wide; very choice
IQgtergarmeiits for Women at Prices That Cannot i
Be Equaled |
HERE will be an array of choice spring bargains that are bc£- 8
J[ tcr aad more desirable than ever. Every line of our immense g
S stock is re^restnted in this sale, so that the assortment is un- $1
2 usuaJJy large. M
1 . Soiis. m
r $12.45 — About 500 suits made of the newest spring fancy chev- R
j iots and mixtures; eton styles and cither fancy trimmings or plain. ¦
2 Worth up to $2.2.50. m
3 , . Coat4 - 'I
$4.95 — Five hundred tan covert and broadcloth coats; newest £jj
; style sleeves, strapped seams, collarless and tailor stitched. Sizes K
32 to 461 Regular $10.00 coat. S
Waists. ' i
4 ? C ~^T lTV " 11 , . waists ' m oolka dot, either blue, white or black Eg
pround, xnlh white dots or white ground with black dots. Worth 1
$r.oo. . ||
°* 5 ° — White lawn waists, beautifully made and trimmed. g
Petticoats. i
9^c— Black satten petticoats; worth $1.75. Special for one day I
only — Monday. |
Wrc^jper*. s
95c — Wrappers made of fine and extra quality percales in dark, §
raednHn ind Iicht patterns. AH are perfect fitting and made very I
falL \\ orth 51.75. Special for Monday. V a |
Exquisite Millinery Unequaled Silk i
Creations Bargains 1
EVERY conception of the ||
millinerv'art is included in *T"* HERE, is not the space in g
this sale. There are beau- j[ this ad to describe at any W
tiinl pattern and street hats fresh length the elegant new m
from our workroom. The prices textures in the spring shipments H
lowest in the city. of silks. These few items, how- FJ
i>..oO — Misses' pattern hat ever, will give a little idea of the El
made of Tuscan braid and faced values. H
in bine chiffon. Finished with />-_ +rt «i o- . n . . M
large loops of blue satin ribbon C .^ y f vard-Black |
and fincv ties. an( * whi.te silks for waists or g
$S.5<Xi_Black maline tnrban suits. All sizes, in checks and W
faced in jet and trimmed with many new patterns in stripes By
ostrich pompon. Very dressy. and figures. |j
|| ALMMfS RELIABLE |
\^ 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^j 1
I THE POLICY OF THIS STORE HAS NOT CHANGED. 1
THE USUAL COURTESIES WILL CONTINUE. | |
91 THROUGH CARS if
I ALMOST ; I
I EVERYWHERE EAST. I
h T^^ ou rea^ ze at t^ le Rock Island |
i\ xJ System now operates more through |
& car lines from California to the East than |
| any other line ? • y
I Here is a list: |
y Standard sleepers daily, San Francisco to Kansas E
H City and Chicago via £1 Paso. g
Tourist sleepers daily, San Francisco to Kansas |j
H City and Chicago via El Paso.
l\ Tourist sleepers, Los Angeles to St. Paul and g
H Minneapolis Tuesdays and Thursdays via es
I Tourist sleepers, Los Angeles to St. Louis
2 A UWuUajrd Via 4-*A JTuuU« fW
J Tourist sleepers, San Francisco to Omaha and m
j Chicago Wednesdays, Thursdays, and Fridays, M
$ via Salt Lake City. * g
j Standard sleeper, San Francisco to Omaha and 1
Chicago daily. m
!Bent«, tickets and full Infonastloa at Southern Pacific M
ticket offices, or by addreemiag M
TOfflM C. A. RUTHERFORD, |
Jl^^vVL? I _ T II l^x District Passenger Agent, M
t^aNLfcai ' w 'sjfljn 62 3 Market St., San Francisco. @
GET WHAT •
I ¦¦ , : ; ; :^p^^'aEiiuiiiE-; I
H v The most wonderful record in all history— merit made it. Advertising has j
0 . served to make CASCARETS known, but the greatest advertisement ever H
a printed could do no more than get a person to try CASCARETS once.. Then i B
B comea the, test, and if CASCARETS did not prove their merit therewould |
| not be a sale of over A MILLION BOXES A MONTH. This success has been B
m made by tlie kind words of our friends. No:one who tries \ CASCARETS ¦
8j faUs to be pleased and talk nicely about them. CASCARETS are easiest to B
» buy, tocarry. to take, to give— THE PERFECT HOME MEDICINE. They are B
Ma perfect cure for Constipation, Appendicitis, Blliousaesa, Sour Stomach, fi
¦ ; Sick Headache; Bad Breath, Bad Blood. Pimpled Piles, Worms and all bowel I
Bl diseases.. Genuine tablet stamped C C C. V NEVER SOLD IN BULK. All
|| druggists. 10c. 25c, SOc." Sample and booklet free. ,
n Address STERLING REMEDY CO., Chicago or New York.
1 m. CAN PV CATHARTIC^^^
I AJyWUAL SALE-TEM MILLION BOXES
| Greatest In the World B mA darir.g larceny took place about 4
o'clock Friday afternoon, when two
men robbed the Drucker Drug Com
pany's store at 327 Van Ness avenue.
The thieves emptied the. cash register
in broad daylight, one of them working
while thc other attracted the attention
of the clerk. An old-time criminal
Uvely Meeting Anticipated.
The annual meeting of the French
Benevolent Society will take place this
afternoon at Native Sons' Hall. From
all reports there will -be a redhot
time. The present committee dis
charged Dr. Canac-Marq.uis last year
from superintendency of the hospl-
Thieves Make A. Drucker
Victim _, of a . .. Daylight
Crime at His Drug Store
Will Give Annual Dinner.
; The seventeenth annual reunion and
dinner of the Dartmouth College
Alumni Association will be held at the
California Hotel to-morrow evening.
The officers of t!;e association having
charge of the affair are T. A. Perkins,
XV. P. Johnson. Sydney Worth, .3. C.
Smith, C. S. "Wright and Frank Mor
ton. There will be an informal re
ception at 6 o'clock, , followed by a
business meeting. The dinner will be
served at 7 o'clock sharp.
Kindness Is born of our sense ' oi
kinship to all.
ROBBERS WORK
AN OLD TRICK
As scon as he 'was out of the store
the inside man rushed 'behind the
counter and easily opened the register,
which was of an obsolete pattern.
Drucker was wholly unmindful of .what
had happened in his absence. The man
who had pretended he wanted sponges
informed him as he entered that he
would be back in a minute,.', and ran
from the place, jumped Into the buggy
and was quickly driven off by hiaspon
federate.
Drucker realized in an instant what
had taken place, and, going to his till.
tqick was worked with success.
One of the robbers entered" the store
and asked Andrew Drucker, who was
tending store, to show him some
sponges. Just as he did so a man in
a buggy drove up before the door and
beckoned the drug man to come out.
The crook in the store assured'tlie pro
prietor that he was in no hurry/ "Go
ihead and wait-on that fellow outside,"
he said. Drucker complied.
tal, .which, caused, a great amount of
consternation... r ;Jt is reported that
Marquis has . gathered his forces
around him and intends to make a
strenuous fight at this meeting .for
reinstatement. .- The society has 6000
members. ,
discovered that the thief had . w tdken
what gold and large silver was in-^it,
which amounted to $6o Running fffcm
his. store, the drug clerk called "Stop
thief!- stop thief !" -The' streets were
crowded, and several pedestrians* join
ed in the chase, but the robbers in^the
buggy had a good start and escaped.
' Drucker, reported the matter to the
pulice, but no one has yet been appre
hended for the crime. He says he will
not prosecute the men -if they -are
caught. "I was the victim of an o'd
trick, they .tell me; so I guess that I
can stand it," he said.
The hj'persehsiti ve are apt to ,"" be
wholly selfish.
An election has. been ordered 'for
the 18th inst. in Company.' C, Fifth
Infantry,' located af Petaluma,"for sec
ond lieutenant, : vice _Rodd.\. The' fol
lowing night there will. be_ an election
in Cbmpany G.'samVregim'erit,' located
at Alameda, for \ captain," .vice McDon
ald, and for first ' .lieutenant,' l.vice
Smiley, "promoted 7 to be regimental
quartermaster. .'
'.Thomas S. Harloe t has been re
elected lieutenant of v thV Second -Divi
sion of the Naval ? Battalion "and Gun
ner Dan ; O'Hearn* has been' elected en
sign of .the same 'division. v
Captain Thomas' A. Nerney has're
ceived the. uniform blouses for. the men
of the First and the Second Infantry
regiments and these wjll ¦be''/ turned
over to the United States army: and
State inspectors during • the coming
week. . :.
At the reception there were ad
dresses by District Attorney Thomas
P. Boyd, Captain Gorley, an old»-time
Grand Army comrade of General
Lauck; Supreme Judge F. M. Angrel
lotti. E. B.Matinelli and Lieutenant
J. K. Hawkins, who delivered the ; ad
dress of welcome, which was grace
fully responded to by- General Lauck.
During" the evening the Fifth Infantry
Band furnished the music.
The inspection of Company I, Fifth.
Infantry, at Livermore was in the main
very satisfactory, judging from the
happy and encouraging address : of
Major Wilhelm, United States inspec
tor, and the remarks of Colonel Kos
ter, the State inspector. Among those
present at the inspection were Colonel
J. F. Hayes, commanding the regi
ment; Major D. A. Smith, the battalion
adjutant, and Captain Milliken, who
Inspected the property. After inspec
tion a collation was served at the
Hotel Washington. Good progress is
being made on the new armory for
the company and in a short time-it
will occupy its new quarters. As soon
as Sweeney's Opera-house in the place
named is ready for opening the • dra-.
matic club of Company I will present
a military drama, entitled "Santiago."
Adjutant General Lauck was the
first captain of Company D, Fifth In
fantry, located at San Rafael, and last
week that official paid a visit to ( ..his
old company, accompanied by Mrs.
Lauck Rnd Colonel H." Sontag of the
Governor's staff. They were tendered
a reception by the charter and ex
members of the company, as- well as
by the present membership, and a very
pleasant evening was spent In the
armory, the affair having 'been ar
ranged by Captain Vanderbilt, com
manding the company.
ADDRESSES ARE MADE.
the batteries were instructed last year.
One of these wilPbe a* view'of the low
ering of the colors at retreat, a pho
tographic copy of -which was sent by
Major Ducat, U. S. A., to the War De
partment at Washington, D. C. with
his .report of the • camp: • This view
shows a large attendance of citizens at
the camp, standing uncovered during
the inspiring ceremony.^ While exhibit
ing this view, after ' the battalion
trumpeter has sounded the retreat, by
an ingenious arrangement contrived
by Captain Eisen the American flag 'as
shown on the screen will be made to
descend while the band plays "The
Star-Spangled Banner."
INSPECTION OF COMPANY I.
The next lecture of the series of thc
current year before the First Battalion
of Artillery In the Ellis street armory
will be on the evening of April 6, by J.
W. Erwin, on "Honolulu, the Beauti
ful." The band of the battalion, under
the leadership of Chief Musician
Mathieu, will furnish the music, and
Captain Eisen, battalion adjutant, will
handle the stereopticon slides that are
to illustrate the lecture. At the close
of the lecture there will be exhibited
a number of views showing events in
which the four batteries when a part
of the First California took part in the
fighting in the Philippines, also real
istic views of Camp MacArthur, where
ROUGH KXEKCISE.
It was rough exercise, considering
the conditions, but it was a' good ex
emplification of what the men might
expect in actual service. Each com
mander exercised caution to prevent
surprise and capture,' but Captain
Gratton's command was the shrewdest,
for despite the scouts and advance
guard it suddenly sprang from a place
that afforded excellent concealment
and compelled the other command to
surrender. The outing was such .an In
teresting one that the men are making
arrangements for another in the near
future. >.* ¦¦•cv-'"-.:
This wa<followed by a short drill by
Captain Miller, after which the battery
was dismissed and the many friends of
the officers and members, including a
large number of ladies, spent the rest
of the evening in dancing.
Notwithstanding the fact that lt was
wet under, foot and threatening over
head last Sunday, two batteries of the
First Artillery Battalion, numbering
fifty-four men, left the Ellis street
armory for a practice march, one party
£Olng in the direction of the ocean
beach and the other in the vicinity of
Ingleside. The two parties moved over
the sand dunes, in the groves and trees
and In the undergrowth, each with the
Idea of surprising the other and mak
ing "prisoners of war."
Nearly every member of the battery
was present, and after a short drill by
Lieutenant Eason, during which the
men acquitted themselves with credit.
Sergeants Hawvichorst and Ohlson and
Corporal Castle were called to the
front and each presented his warrant
as a non-commissioned officer.
* State decorations for proficiency in
rifle practice during the last year were
presented to Lieutenants Eason and
Homer, Sergeants O'Conner, Schloss,
Schwinn and Hawvichorst, Corporal
Jensen and Privates Biglow, Guerin
and Sablatchan.
Last Monday night was a sala day
In the Ellis street armory, when Cap
tain John A. Miller assumed command
of ,Battery A. First Battalion of Ar
tillery, It having been arranged that
his commission should be presented to
him by Major Bush, the — battalion
commander.
Company I, Fifth Infantry,
San Rafael, Tenders Re
ception to First Captain
New Captain of Battery A;
First Artillery, Is .Com
missioned by Major Bush
GENERAL IS WELCOMED
MILLER AGAIN
TAKES COMMAND
THE 'SAN FRANCISCO r CALL;, .SUNDAY^ : AHimiV-3,;190iv^
30
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENT£L
Flatibv F8C6S
place-
ments of the flabby tissues and
muscles, corrects, stimulates and
strengthens contractions — thus the
flabby, wrinkled face of to-day un-
dergoes a gradual cure without j
pain and is commended to all la- j
dies scclcing: a plrfect skin. j
FREE TREATMENT; j
• For one week I will cive free j
treatment at my parlors for Wrin- j
kk-s. Gray Hair. Pimples, Black- j
heads, l'rccklcs, etc. ' Come" and •
see what 1 can (if) for you. I have j
the largest Dcrmatological Insti- j
rate in America, and its resources |
are free to you this week to show :
you what I can do.
SUPERFLUOUS
He I r» That ereatest of all !
ts I K disfigurements of a ;
fl I 1 1 woman's face, perma-
nently removed, in
the only successful wav — with the
ELECTRIC NEEDLE, as oper- ,
ated by Mrs. Harrison.
r-r»r-f- I 1 D ( s out, of town |
|*KLL UAK sending this ad. with
10c in stands will re-
. celve a book of instructions and a jar of
LOLA ATONTEZ CREME
and a box of Face Powder, FREE.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON
DERMATOLOGIST,
140 GEARY ST., San Francisco.
Opp. City of Paris.
. _____^^______ j
::-¦'¦: I
t
f Printing
• j
Send in j*ctir c,TG?rs. j osin do In^m 9^X
LOWER PKICES
. Than anrbodv else, because I've cot the
run of this business and have the proper
equipments. :
Here are a few figures:
— DEVELOPING —
Roll of C lf>- Holl of IS 15c !
— PHINTING—
Solid £nis>h. "c to 5c. Vclox finish, Gc to 6c J
Mail orders promptly filled.
i vv cards oUt
¦COPBCCT iTVLCS *MO IxZLS ALSO
BuSmtSb *V«-.O POOfCM'ONAl CAPOi
THAT MAN PITTS
1008 Market Street -owTtV
REPORT OF THE CONDITION
THE CROCKi-WOOLWORTH'
NATIONAL BANK,
AT SAN FRANCISCO, IN THE STATE Or
« alifurnia, at the close of business. March 2S.
r.ESOuncES.
L-Jtn5 ar.d discount* $6,935,027 42
<j\«r«irafts, tecured ar.d unsecured 3 -*55 74
V.'S. Bonds to secure circulation. SOO.000 00
u! S. Bonds to secure U. S. ue
. jboslt* 100.000 00
U S Conda on hand 2,O00.(X)0 00
Ktocks. Becurlties. etc 1,103.736 19
IJut from National Casks (not
iwm at»u) 291. 1C 00
Due from State Dar.ks and Bank-
ers "5S.33S 79
I>ue from approved reserve agents 970.3S3 28
i;-'chaus«" for clearlns-hou^e 315.379 39
Nutes ot oUier National Banks... S.2«0 CO
I'ractlonal paper currency, nickels
and cents 1« C7
Lawful moncj- reserve in Bank.
h;.-«cie .' $1,035,250 00
1-eca.l -tender notes .. 4.1S0 Cj
1,000,400 00
liedemption fund with U. S.
Treasurer t5 per cent of circu-
lation) 35,377 B0
L>ur from V. S. Treasurer, other
than 3 per cent redemption fund 17.S50 00
Total • $14,999,383 93
LIABILITIES. ~ ~~
I'snitAl fctock paid in $1,000,000 «"0
t^i'lilus fund ' *,230,000 00
I n.ilvided profits, less expenses
>\.,i «axes paid 76.105 03
•Aationul UanU ncte^ outrtaniinr. 0-.'3.5.M) 00
Imo to other National Banki.... 1.789.O52 S9
Due to 8tate Ranks and Barkers. 2.153.S70 ZS
Due to Trust Companies and Sav-
in** Banks " 860.629 JJ5
IndlvMual deposits subject to -
Ix-niar.d Vertiflcates of deposit... 7CO.508 *i
' ertifled checks 70,407 C5
VartiiT'e checks outst&r.tflnj 40.705 25
United States <>ro«!ts 83,wo 00
Tota j tX4.999.309 9jj
State of Cmilfcrnla. City and County -of. San
Piuncifco — tr.
I O W Kline. Cashier of the above named
irsilk. «So solemnly swear that the above state-
ment Is true to the best of my knowledge and
• |V!ef G. VT. KLINE, Cas-!ii*r.
Subscribed and ewom to beCore me this. 24
iUv of Avrtl 1304.
# ADELINH COPCL.VND. r
Notary Public in and for the City aJid County
i f. San Francisco.
§Correct-Attest: -^^
K. B. POXD.
GEO. W. SCOTT,
Director!.
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
GHASA37TE"Ea CUSS TOB iEK.
HIAKMItSSS IKJECTIO^. Cures ordinary
cases ln a few days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. ZfO OTSXS TREATMENT
XTQUIBCO. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVX2TTS COITTAGIOir. Harm-
Ipss. 52.00 for both botUes. For sale only
T. S. XELLTS PSASMACY. 1C2 Eddy.
DIRECTORY
CF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
CLi&ioffUe and Price Lists Mallei
en Application.
rSESB AXTJ> SAIiT MEATS.
flQ RAVF<I * fft Snipping Butche^ 108
JAc» DU1CJ <I CV. Claj. TeL Main 1294
.. OILS.
LUBRICATING QILS; LEOXARD & ELLIS.
41t I'yont «t.. S. F. Phone Main 1713.
vxarrisa:
Lf RnrntC PRINTER.
U CUUnCA 611 Sansome «t.. S. F.
ADVEKTISEMEMTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
90 cents a yard for cooD carpets, - >&• A Dinner Set of 100 Pieces for $7.50
BoTi^C^r.^^n^,/ 1^;^ 5 '^: 1^ d S.l«r6 tSr"" i^^gm^SSf^WSY^^ @ti<W 'tSl&fel This is not the regular price for it, but there is
we?v C e y K fl^r^ 1 p n [^^,r^X^n S^^^ llfWlO iMMl W^Miffl M|- IR WWl " SH3ht - w r5anCC h hC il f- COrat \7r\, v^ loo^d
naturally. . Wtl jM^M' }^ (Mj^^^^S^^^^^*^ Wv&tMit^ *jM#'fl cnce mi S llt: escape observation unless you looked
Patterns for every room, but some particularly tine ones for '?'!!.&$ SS* .cjwint 'f71 T|r"*** ¦•¦¦' vag< *3uJC—^m—w^^P ¦'WsffS'' 1 '! very closely, but any imperfection makes a spc-
M:]^^||^f ll^jl ]My. ¦ THE PARLOR SUIT OF FIVE PIECES, $49.00 ' SN/S "f^^b^^^^'
&£&£'. ]f^^^^'j^!fc'-'*l : \ tb~^*" rt a one It Is! The frames arc beautifully designed and highly' polished. The «s-=^^ iS ' . l<?^^^0&4£fVf I
fpffi ¦' S?BjS!^& r .'VV« ¦' \tJBa^' ft" ffw!? armchair and the rocker are broad, dncp and comfortable; not the stiff backed, prim SE TJT M*TSS^^W\ . '<S#V t*
I' '.."""^T- -v \^(§^^g'^4 t^i Qjt>nt Fhapen that are so common among the flve-piecn suits. J *¦ r>1111 \~*\ ' jS' m' *^^*i\
fS&F$i' \ •VfypA£?^r&]ti~v ~i < \| ll J I And a wor(I aboul thc upholstering. We do not sell the Eaetern factory-made stuff, the I 1 fl ', t s y '\1\A
§*£Si^ • ll 'I ' Tnls sult is upholstered in our own shops. No machinery is used in the making. Every- s> V^jr ' **** mm^?^^^^ m^s'itR\
£&j ¦¦ h '**??-?-'''•? : 1r)Ti£. If /I \ thinr: is firmly fas-tened and all th« springs that can be of any ufo are there. .'¦¦'/ - *UKL£ZZJmJ£u5?UT£P\i •*« ¦'^¦^ "^ ;. M V—
*M\ '¦ '^ i? '¦'>•?"'¦' S C' i IJ iL-v.— I»oks and upholstery that will be a source of s-a'Jsfaction to you. VffStXSm^'eiA ~ p «c ~ -. T - - iit^j^^n-m iw **W
I i ' jS;;. : ,'^ JJS- \\ V«-. A suit that viill warrant recovering when the toverinc 13 soiled and worn. Qj || g vji' c - — ~>t ja j /
-'> ». ' — -^Qi how pretty it was before. It s a re- r^?- • (a*^ % 3 iJ^r'vX \\j I \7^\ • u j "n »,t" : mtKitruction ' ta»r»J f.' 1 tf^A
CHINA CLOSET, $31.50 $1^^^M / T» " jB^i^BWl
;n front and sides. 1 1 "*nL c scr%ICC - Fnamplprl VWu™^>^'* r^^\\^w>t^#3- uu *»* v " VM " WUh%\ $30.00.
Cabinet work and fit- ¦' iWk SeatS arc Up ' tnamBiea ll"], [f \'rir-- i.Wii YTOPs T» CiL HZ f/fffli A 40-inch French plate mirror.
.i^'^J^veis of | i\ lstc sl,i" 7S: Ben. mm} ¦iV' f WW'!. wl Bureau, $16.73 flupLSisK
best fac- g Jl . • Jlr^a. terncd velours. '" $14.50 -'?^j & .4 W\ • S^^S^^^ Matches the chif- W: r fp\\ oxidized handles and
...,, • , /-ran,? R 1n Mc B?tB£S3S3«i35ST "V i ">-f^JC ;r -w si^u-iJijJS*^ : fonier pictured op- <V i **<y\ drawer pulls. ' . .
too in Grand Rapids. ffl«^^| • Not many patterns as pretty as -his at $H.r,0 or any other price. %*"*¦ g»" ™?£ d _ J^^^sL — « l
vvnt, ts A COUCH 31 Hi fflr % 'ffjfe^ ninAcftma lt comes ln tw » shades of green, with cream colored trimmings and "°V'j" v r-nlnniil '4l V l *. 4 I '**'<w: S12 BUYS a OOOd COdCl)
iMH^f wid? ThP oontor Is Il3nQS0!ll8 brass centerpiece. Head board is nearly pIx feet in height. We are sawed oa< Colo nial "»i^» f •\^_^>v 01* BUJ» a buuu uuuuu
Inches wide. J lie center s J|T »^ ,- -.-^j f. ¦ •*««^v»u«r particularly proud of our metal bed line. We've a right to be. While design. Divided top gj^fc— - rr^-p.^=s5? s5 Upholstered in
ma»le plain with deep rolls M; iff-. 1 .. •.*/^g 1 >j CUlt £ r,~Z^~ We ma >' not c a rr J- the must expensive lints, we undoubtedly have the drawer, extra large S£|J |Syg5Wjli*=35g£s? pretty velours,
extending down the edges. Sjftr yy £ZT'*i LlllTTOnicr finest assortment of medium priced beds in town, o'M var^jties, mirror. SI W£\$ttl£*&t5§M It is made plain.
V^ne Trierl 'win' Jj ¦ Credit f ° r ' S * <^
We send our buyers there every year to get the best that *\fflj
are grown, and we pay twice what common hops cosu
A partner in our business buys our barley, and selects the m
We get pur water from six wells, bored 1 400 feet to jock. §
Our yeast is all developed from v the original mother cells B
which helped to make Schlitz Beer famous. ft
All tHe air that touches Schlitz Beer comes to it through If
air filters. And the beer itself is fiiltered through white gf *
wood pulp. Then we age it for months, until it can't
cause bilicAisness. Iw
We sterilize every bottle. Ask for the brewery bottling. tm
x : los Angeles— SMERWOOD SHtRWOOD— S«« Francf*c» tSj - »
The B^^
CIGARS
Selected Tobaccos
Expert Workmanship
Modest Price
Packets ° FTEN .^^b*.
Large siz^^Cu
I *MSfe^Z^ox£S G'f/fry
f? Ml jrMAXM PO5TPA/0
J *r* 6U?G£5/Z£ 75*
Wb^SL L. Miller &Sons —
rw^s.^» — 153 Crosby Sl,NY.
Save Money! Buy the Light Running
NEWHOME
See the latest special bargains
this week.
Satisfaction guaranteed.
1051 MARKET. STREET. >
You know — where the- dolls are
in thc window.
All kinds of machines repaired
reasonably.
-aSiiv Every Woman
|t^, v \W ml la lnlerciUd *a«. shemld know
wwi"^ CCvLij.a!* " »bont the wonderful
Wrte^R Wa MARVTL Whirling Spray
IV ¦^5^vAv c <rvv« Tt^r.ewr» r ,.»llrrU»r. Jnjce.
H*2C^?V* C^J>JL lien and /3urtion. Be»t— b»t-
»rt y»«r Cnrrux itrH. • j(l nnh_u..'. ftni
If b-r»rnot*upi>'.TtJi« ,
W ARVEIi, Acuept no ' ~%L**P£-*m
other, but rend «t*mp for n.' " ' vv # ''''"#¦&&* • «
tustnted book— •emled.lt &rt\ . \>.. # •' t c]if '
fnll partltnilarfi»ti<l<Hrertion»!ji. **>&'/ . M
Times Bulldlnj:, Xvir York. " * >^— •"*¦NEW YORK. April 2. — The follow
ing: Californians have arrived:
. From San Francisco — G. ' Castle, at
the Sinclair; C. G. . Koppitz and M.
Lang, at the Broadway Central;; H.. E.
Ward, at the Astor; H. -H.' Allen and
wife, at the Normandie. •
From Los Angeles— Miss. Burnham,
at the-Holland; L. G. McNeil, at: the
Asbland- "-. .- - - - •
Californians in New York.
South McAlester is to have a hun
dred thousand dollar hotel in the fu
ture. E. K. Criley, one of the propri
etors of the Coates House of Kansas
City, is financing the new hotel and
will control a majority of the stock.
SOUTH McALESTER. I. T., April 2.
Dominick Bluva, an Italian coal min
er, v was found dead near Krebs this
rooming with two bullet holes in his
head. Bluva lived alone and as he
was known > to have considerable
money and none was found on his
person it is thought that robbery
prompted the murder. This makes
the third man who has been found
murdered near Krebs within the last
year. *
in His Head.
Dominick BInva Is Found Dead. Near
Krcbs With Tivo Bullet Holes
ITALIAN COAL MIXER
MURDERED FOR HIS MOXEY
REDDING, April 2.— The trip of the
officers north on the railroad this aft
ernoon resulted in proving to their sat
isfaction that the bandits who held up
the Oregon, express at Copley Thurs
day, night and killed Messenger O'Nell
are the. same thugs who held up fifteen
men In Dave Endlcotfs saloon at Ken
nett, twenty miles north of here, on
March 20. In the party that made the
trip were Railroad Detectives William
Ahern and A. W. O'Brien, Sheriff J. L.
Richardson and Deputies George Wiley,
W. W. Wheeler and j A. '• M. Carpenter.
They went as far north as Kennett
and returned, to Reading without any
prisoners'. . '??5v* ". '
, The -officers '-say that a dozen differ
ent persons had told them circum
stances that seemed to point strongly
to three men Hying near Kennett being
the ' train robbers, but an investigation
to-day showed conclusively that the
suspectB could not have been concerned
in it. The trip ; to . Kennett,- however,
while . precluding the necessity of the
arrest.that the ofllcers expected to make
when the:' left here, showed conclu
sively to' the -mind of Detective Ahern
that the-three robbers who held up the
lOndicott saloon \ at \ Kennett on March
20 are the same men who killed Mes
senger O'Nell at Copley [on Thursday
night.- Ahern said this evening that he
is confident that .the crimes were com
mitted by. the same gang. There are a
number bfj reasons,; he said, for arriv
ing at that conclusion. : Chief among
them is the abundance of "profanity
that ' the men used 'In both hold-ups.
While - art Kennett _ v to-day Detective
Ahern had a" long talk wlthM.E. Ar
rlghlni; the 'bartender who was on duty
when the saloon was robbed, and from
him learned : that the leader in ; that
robbery; gave his commands in sharp,
cjear tones, as did the. leader : In' the
train ; robbery ; that * the " smallest man
of the three w-^ the •most-addicted to
prof anlty arid :;*»as ¦ most severe In : his
exactions I of the {victims, as* was' the
little fellow at the' Copley affair/ : -:.;'\
Detective Ahern' said the bartender
gave ". him I a good - descri ption ¦¦_ of :. the
saloon. .robbers: and. he ', \i • confident
they were;.; also the" train robbers."
Nothing' has yet been learned,- accords
Ing, to Aherh, as to •where the bandits
secured .the giant; powder- with which
they .blew- up the "express," car. If that'
could be I learned the;' identity /of \ the
desperadoes 'might ¦:. beN established." ; V A
point not given^outjtoTthe
public . is ; thatjthe ; officers/ have j one 'iot
the "weapons used ' by the JjpJidlts. % It
is a rifle. 'The manner. In' which it was
Congressman Overstreet Renominated.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., April 2.—
Congressman Jesse Overstreet v/as re
nominated to-day by... the Republi
cans of. the Seventh District by ac
clamation. - The delegates to the Na
tional Convention were instructed for
Roosevelt. ;'\ '"¦'<-'.('?
, Being up to date .will not keep a
man from going down to defeat.
Next session will' begin June 6th. Catalogues
by applying to -Dr. E.. J.' Creeir. 510 O. O. ave.»
San Francisco Veterinary College.
J5UISUN., April 2. — Lieutenant Gov
ernor Alden Anderson expects to leave
in a few days for an extended trip
throughout the Eastern States In the
interest • of/the California Fruit Dis
tributors, of which he is general man
ager. His itinerary will include the
principal fruit markets of the East
and he will be absent several weeks.
Lieutenant Governor to Go East.
The captain's interesting narrative
to- the Daily Mail , this morning, and
other' details ' published, have whetted
the appetite of the; scientists, who are
eagerly waiting full information in re
gard to the results obtained.*, It is
hardly anticipated, however/that'rnuch
more will be given out until Captain
Scott reports to • the Royal Geograph
ical Society.
LONDON, April 2.— The success of
Captain Scatt of the British Antarctic
steamer Discovery, now at Lyttleton,
New Zealand, In getting within 500
miles of the-South Pacific and bringing
out' his expedition in safety 'after an
absence of two and a half-years, with
the loss of only a single' life, calls out
much congratulatory comment in the
newspapers.;
SAN JOSE, April 2.— A fistic en
counter between Attorney Ed M. Rea
of the San Jose and Los Gatos electric
railway and George W. Elder, the con
tractor of the road, occurred this morn-
Ing: at the corner of Santa Clara and
Market streets^ The trouble- grew' out
of the fact that the men employed: on
the road have not, been paid for the
last two months. Elder has been claim
ing that Attorney -Rea had 'been the
means of stopping- the payment of the
money by the company. When the men
met this morning Rea asked Elder, if
he had made such a statement. Elder
entered a'denial, whereupon Dan Ryan,
politician, who was present, declared
that Elder had made such a statement.
Rea then struck 1 Elder In the face with
his right fist, knocking him down.
Elder got up and -Rea hit him again.
Elder declined • to fight. Elder's face
was badly cut.
A number of the workmen who have
been employed in the construction of
the Interurban road to-day maintained
a boycott against the electric line at
the corner of Market and Santa Clara
streets. They carried an American flag,
and when passengers attempted to en
ter a car they were asked not to do so,
as the road has not paid its employes.
The men say they have not been paid
for the last two. months. The amount
due them is between $3000 and $4000.
They have engaged Attorneys W. A.
Bowden, and E. L. Rlfodes to collect
their claims. Elder has the contract
for the construction of the San Jose
and Los Gatos Interurban Railway,
and has received 75 per cent of the
amount due him for the work. The
other 25 per." cent is held back for a
certain period In case liens should be
filed against the road for the construc
tion. The road is completed with the
exception of a branch line from ' Sara
toga to Congress Springs. ¦; Elde- has
been trying to -get some of . this 25 per
cent to pay' the. amount due his men,
but the company has refused to give
any of It to him! The directors say
that at the proper time the money will
be paid. ,
ST. LOUIS, April 2. — The attorneys
for the defense In the case of United
States Senator Burton of Kansas, who
have been preparing a bill of excep
tions to ' secure a rehearing of. the
case since Burton was found guilty in
the United States District Court last
Monday of receiving, payment for use
of his influence in behalf of the Rialto
Grain and Securities Company of St.
Louis before the Postoflice . Depart
ment, completed the bill to-day and
submitted It to United States District
Attorney Dyer. Assistant District At
torney Norton, to whom the bill was
given, said the Government will prob
ably have completed its examination
of the document by Tuesday. It will
then be returned to the. defense, who
will file it in the United States District
Court, along, with the motions already
filed for a new trial and arrest- of
judgment. If these motions are de
nied sentence wlll.be pronounced on
Senator Burton. He will then be per
mitted to give a new bond, pending his
appeal to the United States District
Court of Appeals.
Original medical research of great
value has been recently done by Japa
nese army surgeons upon the influence
of Insects in spreading germ diseases.
Scientists Display Interest
in Achievements of Cap
tain Scott in South Pacific
No Trace .Is Found of the
Three Robbers Who' Held
Up the Train at Copley
Attorney E. 31. Rea of San
Jose Administers Punish
ment to George "W. Elder
Attorneys for Defense in the
Burton Case Submit Docu
ment to the Prosecution
Cement for an Immense Canal.
STJISUN, April 2. —The Pacific
Portland Cement Company of this
place has received from the United
States Government an order for 50,
000. barrels of cement to be used in
the construction of the canal that is
to connect Truckee and Carton rivers.
The building of this canal Is a gigan
tic project, as it will be 200 miles'in
length. The manufacture of this
cement will be under the supervision
of P. A. Huber, a Government ' en
gineer and specialist in concrete work.
The cement will be delivered at Wad*
worth, Nevada.
MAKES ATTACK
ON CONTRACTOR
ENGLISH LAUD
THE EXPLORER
BANDITS ELUDE
THE OFFICERS
COMPLETE BILL
OF EXCEPTIONS
secured brinsrs out a new incident of
the train hold-up. When the gun of
Frank Rockwell, the guard,, failed to
explode the cartridge and he was
compelled to surrender the bandits
stood Rockwell against the wall of the
express car while they made prepara
tions to dynamite the safe. . One of
the robbers leaned his rifle against
the wall near Rothwell. The guard
cautiously moved his foot aldng until
It came in contact with the butt of the
weapon, causing it to fall to the floor.
The robbers. noticed It fall, but did not
realize that Rockwell had caused it
to j fall. After the fuse had been
lighted and the robbers were filing
out of the car one of them, who had
laid down his -gun, picked up Roth
well's, which was still leaning against
.the wall. That was Just what Rock
well had hosed for. The bandit's
rifle was not Injured by the explosion
and is in the hands of the officers. It
Is said to be an extraordinary rifle,
but -its possession may lead to the
identity of the bandit owner being es
tablished. *'.::£' vVr
The proceeds from the event will be
added by the Woman's Club to the
fund for a new clubhouse.
Saratoga will celebrate its blossom
day on April 5, and many that will at
tend It will come to this city for the
event on Thursday. The orchards of
the valley are in full bloom, and the
whole countv has taken on an attire of
iJlorsoir.s in honor of the event.
Saratoga will celebrate Its fifth an
rual blossom day next Tuesday, and
preparations are being made to enter
tain hundreds of visitors. There will
be sneaking and all kinds of athletic
games and Ei>orts. The thousands of
acres cf blooming orchards are the fea
ture of the occasion, and the many vis
ttors will be taken for a drive along
miles of roadway lined with blooming
prunes. At noon a dinner will be served
by the ladies of Saratoga. The South
ern Pacific has made a rate of $2 for
the round trio from San Francisco,
which Includes a ride over the Inter
urban electric road from Los Gates to
Saratoga. Large crowds from San
Francisco and other bay cities are ex
pected.
The exercises at the park will begin
at 2 j>. tn. A drill is to be given by a
battery of artillery from San Francisco.
The battle of flowers will then be held,
and the Columbia Park Drill Corps of
San Francisco will give an exhibition
drill. There will be epearing of rings
by gallant knlphts. a fancy horse show
and rsices, a drill by Company B. Fifth
Kegiment. N. G. C. a baseball game
and other kinds of poorts.
The festivities will begin In the morn
ing and last all day. Mrs. W. C. Ken
nedy. x>resldent of the Woman's Club,
nnd the several committees have ar
ranged a programme that will attract
thousands of visitors. At 10:30 o'clock
in the morning there is to be a big
floral r>aj»:ant, with a hundred deco
rated carriages and automobiles, a bat
tery of artillery, a cavalcade of horse
men known as the Knights of the
Orchard, decorated bicycles, floats, the
Columbia Park Boys* Club and bands
of music. Prizes will be given for the
best decorated rigs. After parading the
procession will end at Agricultural
Park. There will be a blossom shower
from the tribunes at the park as the
paraders enter the grounds. The
awards for the displays In the parade
will then be made.
SAX JOSE. April 2.— The battle of
•flowers at Agricultural Park next
Thursday afternoon will be one of the
tr.o*t attractive events in the history
cf the city. The Woman's Club has
charge of the festival and has made ar
rangements for tons of flowers for am
munition for the blosscm-bedecked
knights, who are to appear on horse
back. The teams for the battle have
been selected and are as follows:
San Jose— John W. Gllkyson, Henry
Lion. Leo Archer, E. G. Smith. Charles
Colombet. Frank Martin, Ed Clayton,
I>r. P. H. Browning.
Santa Clara— John G. Lerbert, Mer
vyn Shadburn, Louis Ollvares, Alfred
Kisband, Jack Keating, James Maple,
William Beasly, Fred Hecker, Leo G.
Rryan.
8pecial Dispatch to Tie Cfcil
Woman's Club of San Jose
Arranges an Attractive
Festival to liaise Funds
KKAGKAST AMMUNITION
Blossom-Bedecked Knights
Preparing for Contest to
Be Held in Garden City
WILL BATTLE
WITH FLOWERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL; SUNDAY. APRILS, 1004.
31
\w'JmmS^m^% IMTR.ODUCE HER. TO THE PRICE CUTTER ¦
l^ml^Si^^^^^m and 5 He will find that her money does double duty. A : L Mf\
fl 'Cii'^iV i?(aPuQEB[| JJUJjilJ^fflPJ!31ti3HIBw3BwEDnMt kZJFL.Jr' •^OtSEI .-. • . ; W y^* r T' t ¦ m'V »k r ¦—^ «-^ «~v w •-? r* rr</\ »"^m r r~* ¥~v« 7 i~s s~\. a~^ ¦* 7 low. Made of real Levant jl— -^— __ 9
m ¦ Brides. STl?lCTi V OMP TO F-'VPl^VROlSV ' Uid - moirc "ncd. extr, .#=^^5^)
9 *^''i : *V**'^>@lH^^^^^^%^^SSB^* mothers ..". OUVIVlLJ 1/nC rlVivCi I V LVLIVIUUUI . strong metal clasps, with &^^^«
H . ';•*.•/ : *• : * •» '^SiSSSSiiJ^^si^SStAiLl '¦"¦'• \ and stslcr * ; ' Trickery hasn't any existence in this store. We believe first of all in honest trading, trying to treat every JnaTiniandie^nrnVIy^Vwed'^^S^B
p :*. »* .' .'.' « '. id^Fgj^aSgag^iSiKiffiatgaspBgP^ . you should one alike. ¦•' We have no reason for deception, 'nothing to conceal. For this reason we mark all goods in plain (not the glued kind); card HBrai ™ rJ *^
Fl f * * ? t • ] -•.,.- *>Ot fall, to figures ' > ? ¦¦ ¦ " ; ' ••¦ - . ¦::.<v ; : a case, purse -and hand mirror inside.
I Inspect * Our desire is not to take advantage of any one's inexperience. We do ruDt "BAIT" any one bv chars- {,% b^iV^e e ask n i^...Y. O .^. d^Oc
w 'J&E&ypf^??' * *• * ""'Pt' •'''^•"."•i^V sonic of the i n g a ] ow price for one article and making the loss.-up on another. One price to everybody. .- ;¦
P * *.*• '.'l.^.' ''^'il'je^sl remnants We think the Renerous. the liberal or careless buyer who pavs without question the price asked should 2000 Yards Embroidery.
a /j^^.\'''' ' *-**.• v-' jt of Einoro1 " be given just as jsfood zn exchange for his money as the person who i3 always bickering and wanting some- open patterns, button-hole edpe. 3
H *^ "V ? m . ?^£l "^'vW deries ¦ and Insertions . we thing off the price. . - ' '"' inches wide. For Monday and Tuesday
§ •" *•• S * !S^^V •¦jSfepP r have on sale nt less In Everybody's dollars are the same at TOE ROSENBERG'S. THE PRICE CUTTER'S. on ' y ; a yard 2c
S j "'• : &f?T price than we could buy ' ¦ — — , — : ¦ ¦. ¦ ¦ ¦.¦ '"— >. Ml , P . c n Ur% •
« /C^^N f $$ff them rccular. They com- tbb;Hew up-w-datb From Our Own .Machine*. it J\ Corset Corer. ¦* * . AH Mores ZeflHosiery.
H /• :|V^ 'J^^ prise manufacturers' Her Majesty Corset. THAT'S WHBSEmSB WKITI! f J5*f * ' French shape, rounded We 8cU Ou IlaftrTit Good Xbd. > •
K L •&£* ./ c »rtP and samples. VSA r0B TK3 STOlrT WOMAN. SKIRTS ABB FROM. UfHi vr>ke effect: made of extra 3^S^S> hanrtllns HORIFRY
U 7M : #V'i/ '¦ : *^T ' Particular dreasers will flnd «» N> middleman's v*fllj/ 'JnV*^™? ? TA mi J?« ha<? taught us how
H til!ifllr-'iim % $£r mj jc ' - VV this a most desfrable corset. " C?L profif here — inspect l&M/ !th four, rpwa of Torchon T^pT thev should be mad-
I sfillm&Vr? Adam nnd EVO. /*Ji ' -because it nta so perfectly )A . . fh°ni and you will see . <3f8fS -insertion, also lace. Price /»/ Why no? profit by our
if , /C" \lmSr • ' Xn the Garden of Eden—What Would /fPB^\ --end smoothly and is mod- ¦ JfJsL.'- whafwe sw« you.' *iw • -oc [I ft experience? We quote
I • /' -r They S«y If They Saw The«e? VwHT// M«de°"of diamond a kt«n* \<W& crV^^ ES '^ UlT^ Oa Cal« OTftrrell-Etreet =ntrano». M IS here a few:
I A' -jS THE DIANA— Abdominal Reducer dJmbl* boned with light sup- LOnsd^lI Cambric and m v o , v n,L && W LADIES' HOSE--
K Uii^^^ nnd Hose Supportrr combined. Made of BRW pl^' steels: fits like a glove. . tf^/SlLl» tHmmrrt an «! Change Yovr Ring to Your 0 '.her . - Kl?h ?plic-d heel and
0 imported sateen, with oval-shaped pafl \M For those women that have nch nounce flnlrt'd Firnon toe: made of the best American cotton.
H ± , . n . and belt attached and four straps of A 7/1 had their corsets made to or- -with tS and h?ra ~ . tin . c l 6r light weight, also in price.. A pair 10c
1 AJS^aC Just Received fxtra stn-np lisle elaRtic. with patent- M Ifl ()pr com e and inspect these. ™, !J,v n 12n Ji.^t So you uWt forpet to Inspect some of LADIES' HOSE— Made of Egyptian
S -^SfiSF ftw +y, m ...» »«„«„. button clasps. In red. pink. blue, also ** PriC( , : S2.7."5 ' ' r m. iin «i. in m our RIRnONS that ar» on display this Hsle. openwork lace effect, fast blacfc.
I Wt •tf^.r^cwLS bl - k ' th. Price Cutter's 25c Are you tall? Are you bargaln b^emen^'. '¦. ?° *?':}?&% ¦ ¦ «* kU-38? Sbtl"?' J?"J Wsh! "^ !~ "^ S TpliV tbo
M jS&k& "aid, Oermaay, the famous n if i- . .. you thte? Are you •tout? We haro LADIES' SKIP.TS— Made of New rordH ertec In whltV Dink blu" car- "i li.iTOiinw"'^.* f^tt hiHS
I MS" JOtnsCLOCn. Made of • Our Veilmqs Corsets or Tornis to nt you. . . York mills muslin, trimmed with a deep ffifnile black InVt^ld oi r "(Be fo Fn^h ?h,iM fl,l f f S
H >ir haadcanred wood, Ion* brass x You will flnd ara dlf- . - :. . flounce of wide embroidery: alsa dust- atrade-brtaje^
II il chain with heavy brcme C^^SS^v' *«««* to 8t^ le »»* -J^— V Good Sense ruffle: generously, made. Price. ..75c - «ae onngrer. speuai, 1-MsC silk embroi deredi nsteps. Price 25c
I J, sa£-i^ h 2ss <i s;?n p n's: ,^^> srzzSniZVsss: -wwdteMs -W; »<> Boasts mho*** //.«. k SS S^l
1 H Y^^.^^^^^-SB^-^^Zl and ItVmadeinan i^forold ."nS^K?.^ SS" Yo ?^J£ & *£2S\$» BE^Bf^B B^¥M
H v v/ COMPLEXION VEILS and young, beginning with the t?J rould not buy the lace -for what we -T , weiy una in in» »Tore. facts. Our price. . .Pair _ O C
I To These Who Are in need cf Any jggSRf made of crisscross and dellcjte Httl. JS"^^'^. M - .sk for the garment complete, Pric^ backft "That " A tree is known by the fruit it hears.
I Handkerchiefs. Son border S ed w5i*t fo? X^growing J™ \W 85c wc have the , a W*m*mM «° »¦ a store b 7 its values. Ko premi.
I Here Are Some of the Good Kind. S ? chcnHl^doAed Sd^h? beautifufly modeled W Lades' Shirt Waists' Frll*' ffiffl urns cr rrize, her..
K Priced Low effects; full 54 inchrs waist for the every Wg Laaies oniri .waiSTS. neekweai !n trisco. £xa&flK*si*a
» GENTS' HANDKFRCHIEFS \f n .^ long: in navy, brown 'and black, also step l.« one of pr-ntle dPv^lop- fi^ Why ITot Bu? Them Now? . You WU1 LADIES' L ACE Are Ycu Renovating YourHomO?
M and narrow hems, full siza Special at ine Kr<re Lmirsior , c PV ery form: A . s , Tt 7% a ™ h ?* ath .t^ -"Ok fioral and leaf deigns, in Arabian or Here's some SHAMS and BUREAU'
lE'lsg^Si zBJkMtM^B S-^'S* 1^ I^—SiiM i~^#&s?^ HIHil[?iii
S rp\'Td' lnvni-i-Dniirro Vi . wife buv them here and you will find A '" 9 Hagfan. embroidery insertion ; made K\\ Jaco; in fruit and l«?af designs. in insertion or drawn ¦work all around.
9 «f«v.r ?* P; KE , RCHIEFS ~ Mad f how much money' she will save In- • f> AMnvP n y ipt!r . v with ¦ ia detachable collar" 1«' ¦" Arabian* and butter color. Price these When you see them you will appreciata
I , f ug». _ ,¦ E^£ m'o M % tfSa^t h K F —; s •• ¦ y 8 *- y L« i^i w fa , an , r. 4 . iHS^SS
H i>R»<?S»y*. 1 ! < " in ""* of *"/- XK "- ¦ Tbr.« Tim.. » D»T ¦ E3u ar ""' c > reful ™™ this Just Received. f-~ ' ill MaO. or Eva d. ««M"">"S insertion Apl.sc.4Oc
S K A* i 1"™'",?^ ° nSI J^IT""? FRENCH «K ¦• J«»« «i. Birment fof.»o«. smpm«it of «B. O.UDtmM ' ?nT"Sot* C !lV. 1 hSf;-"°l5 f """» "»• " ¦" ktir raU
BW«/ and . lons P^" f - medium tra strong horn nandle. At the £rure The d st 1Ish kIn(1 praise of their wenrinn quality, flt-and you'll see your money does double ror I nOSO IMO ferspire.
« jif V o S , tO . "l 111^ 51 ' CUUcr s actl Uc Made of Rood, heavy, colored JZ finish. Ma.lo of ironclad English duty. Price U.-Je Here', a Shield to Prevent *ou from
3 fflT mv«n3w;ii pJi» T« |V nmon ' percale;- in fancy . Dresden ,£§§! thread, jersey knit, double heel and „ , Kulnine Your Dress.
tl Si k Price.... „.. /o itOmen. patterns: epaulettes over th^ «S2?i toes: fast black, stainless and velvet Nothing More ChlC T ne OMO ZOUAVE
¦ ™ Vr^nViw^wS^SlfSS We Kaow we '°» n »e«ommend These shoulder: trimmed with open- g?». fcflnl 1 sI i. : » ln l^ ht \ medlum A and . he , a^ To flnish your neck SHIELD, detachable, and can . f%
¦I , t I^ADIES \ L.STS — Made of crn-i* a*,* TiAmr cowtkr work fmbroidery new puffed ¦¦V«3 weights. All sizes. . . . . . .A pair 2oc \ n. t i . »- *, "i.— h* wnm with «mv ,ro« !*¦ 1?I
1,. French silk, square neck, crn- wIDE and BACK COMBB. - sleeves: finished with an ex- , ls| Than our protection or top collar; St-T^rthJ a^ »cro^ tht /ZZ*
M cheted yoke, hand made, swlss ribbed. " de « f J ea ! tort ° n f tra wide flounce. To women* rt^S Thin Wnmnn Whv Ra Thin? maoe of fine lawn, wth new swiss "^",^5 and in froSt odnr /*T r %
H In white, pink and blue. In sport them ' fife P —-- g ja ¦hell. Made to catch W 1 1O know good value, we il^ I nm Women. Wny Be Mmf embroidery patterns: nlso some hem- t h ° Ul a d n 7 /"f f rom a nv t " \fff rT.\
II ftnd you v.-ill find you cannot buy them F^n^h! all tne stray locks and wou]d like you to Inspect /.JWTR Wh >' not wearaSahlin J^ stitched. The economical housewife ,on O us substance Win not \hJFJ)
1 an nEV n T^i?£^d • oV-^i fiiffii -US- fhVheaX thos. Price, •1^0/4^^™^^^ should these 5c -ubatano.
I y^?S .ai^fe^W'nSK '1 BPP: I tn l^iK y 1 Kv l i5- Lows of Comfort, ' m n^^i$&- jS\' *" Money-Sanng Women S&nfiZ"™™ &T&&
1 Sea^blar S ?owta k a t blUe ' Store ' .-^. . . !. . ?. ?• .25c A Wh^' not have -^^ of h fe5her^e;™h3J°SS -J»\ ' „ »^ thei, lace. here. Nainsook covered and lined with.
H wn.tpai.d black. Now on sale at. ... . • fj^, these sleeping garments— porter attachments. It fills There must be some reason for it. a vegetable substance which is wash-
1 » I ... fe h.ub w 4«< ssiTtsatass .!a.a i «K u ssji. l fis* ii ia ¦ -f* fe»/aassa?«a "ass * ble ' Sm ; Ila " d Iar885 '7' c
I m .-.! > . i ??..^.. i ; i -..fs i s 'j-.6o. IHEI'llt^Sl -.iW E".^Hi#fei Ss-gii -TSB-ia teawssss?^ p^MMM°° "vJfs,.,,.., «
P //no, the Jtonach in -1 new ¦' natent r^ect loilRth - ;.. intend buying them or not. Price.... Normandy Or Allover Net. jffig&&£& * to / 9 f " d ? e r « sa , tls -
b y/0 Afore fofc sL^Ind InSiunr^cfS: S SPECIAL FB1CE .(JoC , r . Each 81. Op FulMT inchrs wide, ln diamond and fled with the smallest
E| .. When you wear these sizo a5c dotted effect, the Rood washing kind; jf^ESS? pronts.
D " ew Patent pompadour - . • . -..-.'¦¦ • ...-,. - . . . • ¦ . ¦¦ ( . .., for ladies' or children's dresses. Price Zztr L-ADILS BELTS —
¦ /^^^SrS^oo^o't^V-lr-" Always Wear the Bsst. " I #%' P fl fl OT 11 D T H H THE " •"••••' a yard 45c • : Jffiaff.h'Sd'* JuSSS
a U%Z** — ll **«$&' m«de of highly polislie.i It Costa ITo More. H fl ¦ &K I i B%9 SH* ¦¦ U l»l nninp /^iiwi-n RepaSSOB. *' l*i inches wide, with new utraight-
B fr Italian shell: light and We wore the lucky purchaser of 50 I H I L II B S H 1 fl I « ¦ I I IB SI PR lir-- . I Th K - NET or ALLOVER WEBBIVG dot front buckles of gun meUl flnish In
M airy; non-heating, which dozen GLOVES at an unusually low Igip I I U U &a B 1 mW k I tl W • III lit UU I I LM and leaf deslgnV full 18 inchV4 in the many new designs. Price
I . . . >ou will not find in the price. Made of picked lamb kid. Over- bBoBB **^ maummw «»w real lace color.' the lace that is used LADIES' BELTS— Made of extra
H other devices; you will appreciate seam stitching, patent clasps; em- H r%»~ *m . «. A t- ..i ¦¦ nii:^ M «ii Oi.^;t for waist and dress trimmimr Price- heavy black pleated taffeta. Large
gl them when you see them within broidered with three rows on back. In & H 0&^BLn 816 Market StrCCt. IE 0 raiTeM Street. ........ g " 7^ gun metal slide. . with stralsht-frout
m everybody s reach. At the Price Cut- red. gray, mode, white and black. _ ¦¦¦ v • -> -- - . . . . . -Y- \- ¦• \' •••••. * «**- buckle; in different Grecian designs.
jj ter's for Fitted .............. .A. pair Gf>c , MAIIj ORDEBS SOLICITED. -¦. ¦ ... Asrent for Her Majesty's Ccrsats. Priw ...... ........ .«.'.. 25c
AliVERTISEItEENTS.
•*THE BREAK ' IX TUItPEX-
TINE."
One of the Best Stories Ever
Written of American Finance.
Hwnorous, but Tragically True.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures Crip and
wW^k V V
. HUMPHREYS' AIDS TO "77."
' No. > 1 for Fevers.
No. 8, '.' Neuralgia.
No. 9 "Headaches.
• No. 10 " Dyspepsia.
-. 1 No. 14,">V"iThft Skin. ,, :
/ No.' 15 - " Rheumatism. .
No.' 16 ," Malaria.'-:
No. 20 ;." Whooping Cough.
No. 27 " The Kidneys. ,
No. 30 " The Bladder.
> At druggists*.' 25 cents each, or mailed.
-•; Jubilee Bookj mailed free. ¦ If ;.vV;>.
Humphrey*' Med/. Co.. Cor. .William'' ft'- Johs
Streets. Ntw'TorS. ~ \§&SB££§8rtto:'
If such persons would lay their
prejudices aside and make a regular
practice of taking, after each meaL
one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets the food would be quickly and
thoroughly digested, because these
tablets contain the natural peptones
and diastate which every weaJi stom-
ach lacks, and by supplying this want
the stomach is soon enabled to regain
Its natural tone and vigor.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets digest
every form of flesh forming food,
meat, eggs, bread and potatoes, and
this Is the reason they so quickly build
up, strengthen and Invigorate thin,
dyspeptic men. women and children.
Invalids and children, even the most
delicate, use them with marked ben-
efit, as they contain no strong, Irri-
tating drugs, no cathartic nor any
harmful ingredient.
" Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is thfj
most successful and most widely
known of any remedy for stomach
troubles because it is the most rea-
sonable and scientific of modern med-
icines.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold
by every druggist ln the United States
and Canada, as well as in Great Bri-
tain, at 50 cents for complete treat-
ment.
Nothing further is required to cure
any stomach trouble or to make thin,
nervous. . dyspeptic people strong.
plump and well .: ,, :.
There are thousands of such who
are really confirmed dyspeptics, al-
though they may have no particular
pain or inconvenience from their
stomachs.
But the trouble is that while we eat
enough and generally too much, the
stomach, from abuse ahd overwork,
docs not properly digest and assimilate
it. which is the reason «o many peo-
ple remain thin and under weight;
the digestive organs do not complete-
Jy digest the flesh forming beefsteak
and ergs and similar wholesome food.
Common sense would suggest that
If one wishes to become fleshv and
plump U can only result from the food
we eat and digest and that food
should be albuminous of flesh forming
food., like eggs, beefsteak and cereals;
ln other words the klntfs of food that
make flesh are the foods which form
the greater part of our daily bills of
fare.
Value to Thousands.
liut It lias I*roven of Interest and
ONLY A SUGGESTION'.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oar PERSONAL columns
contain ads of general interest.
Information of value to yon
may be obtained - by reading
these ads.
JOn ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERGS.
JOE ROSENBERGS.
JOE ¦ ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
JOE ROSENBERG'S.
¦¦¦¦¦.- / p
,i-/--; '•.:-¦¦•<¦.•. v .: -r:. - . •••¦¦• I /We have a beautiful line of
OBpr^ QFXQ up-to-date Bedroom Sets in pol-
' D L-fLr .O. L- I O ished oak • and mahogany ranging
- "• ' "' '"- ' ' in price from ....
$22,00 to $150.00
• 'All other furniture houses ask from ¦ 15 to 25 per cciit "
higher, adding their , t rent to price of goods. We pay no
rent; that's .why) we sell^so much lower. Before buying
elsewhere come in and look over j our- stock. Our prices sell ;
our. -goods. ;""
The J. Noonan Furniture Go.
l0i7;i023 Mission St. u.J?x&&m.¦' Special Information supplied " dally to
business houses and public men by tb*
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cal-*
IXorala street. Telephone ilaia 10 42. •
. Townsend's California OInr- *rnlts» «nd
choice candies. 1 In.- artistic. flr£-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above Call building. •
TWO O'CLOCK— C. A. M.; City. Two
o'clock a. m. means 2 o'clock ante
meridian, or before 12 o'clock noon.
Night is, the da k half of the day of
twenty-four hours, that part of- th«
complete day during: which the sun i3
below the .horizon; the time from sun
set to sunrise. Morning is the first part
of : the' day,* strictly 'from midnight to
noon.' In a limited sense morning is the
time : from a little after i sunrise or the
time a littlebefore sunrise,, or, at break
of day. and extending to midday (noon).
In the strictest sense it Is not proper to
say "at 2 o'clock at nlghtl".
:_-¦' "It . doesn't seem absolutely impos
sible 'to me," said " another '¦ boarder.
VSome animals '¦ can ; count. . " This has
been ¦ proved li n '; the * case . of . oxen * that
are ¦ used in certain foreign . countries
as the motive ¦ - power . f or ; primitive
mills or "irrigation machinery.' They
are ;; driven "~ a'; hundred* j times round i a
circular ; track ; and -, then /'allowed '„ to
*«st. After! a ;, few months - the oxen
"It's the solemn truth,'; rejoined the
other.' "I can- testify to it of my own
personal knowledge,- and can prove "< it
by: every member • of • my - uncle's 1 fam
ily.". :-.-•¦¦ •;/: :yA ':,,-' - : ¦;¦'/;': v.
"Speaking of the intelligence'of dumb
creatures,"/, observed • the bald-headed
boarder, "my Uncle WHmot has^ hen
on his farm - in the country that never
lays an egg on Sunday at any, season
of the year." ,This statement aroused
the other. boarders at once. ; "You don't
expect us to believe that, do you?"'sald
the ; man with the pointed beard.
Uncle- IVilmot's Hen.
ARKANSAS— Subscriber, Cltv. There
are many people who pronounce the
name of the State of Arkansas as If
written ; Ar-kan-sas, while others pro
nounce it as if written Ar-kan-saw.
The legislative body of that State
settled this matter in March. 1881. by
adopting Ar-kan-saw as the proper
pronunciation, holding that that was
the pronunciation as heard by the
French. when it was spoken bv the In
dians.
IN 'WYOMING— C. H. L., City.
There is nothing in the laws of th«
State of Wyoming that' prohibits com
mon law. marriages. In the absence
of; any positive provision declaring:
that all marriages not celebrated in
a manner prescribed shall -be void- a
marriage without ¦ conformity to such
regulation is valid if the parties have'
entered into a contract of marriage ac
cording to the common law.
CHAMP CLARK serves in Congress, lectures* to
the summer Chautauquas, and also writes for the
newspapers. One neve^. knows in which capa
city he shows the real Clark. 'As a lecturer ' he and
Senator Dolliver of Iowa make up their routes and
travel together. As a Congressman he and the Senator
travel apart. As a newspaper writer he goes alone,
and docs not recognize himself in the capacity of a
Congressman. His latest newspaper work is an article
on "The Vice Presidency," published in "The Saturday
Evening Post." that medium through which retired
public men, like Mr. Cleveland,, and active public men,
like Senator Beveridge, make their views known on all
subjects, from fishing to"the s Eastcrn question.
In this article Mr. Clark mixes statistics with, obser
vations upon the personality of Lincoln and other public
men. ,Hc places the Vice Presidency highly, and de
clares that there arc only four citizens of the republic
who could refuse it on rational grounds, if offered to
them. this year,- and f'icsc are, Grover Cleveland, Theo
dore Roosevelt, Chief Justice Fuller arid Admiral Dewey.
The chief interest of the article is its discussion of
Brcsident Roosevelt, in which Champ Clark the writer
is not recognized as Champ Clark the Congressman and
politician. He says: "Colonel Roosevelt seems destined
to remove the hoodoo from Vice Presidents who reach
the Presidency accidentally/ at least, so far as the'norni
nation is concerned. That will be merely a pro forrria
transaction. ; His coming into' power was ' under most
favorable surroundings; the country was prosperous; his
party united, triumphant and aggressive. With the
laudable ambition of - being elected , President, he/ has
exhibited much more tact than . he had been credited
CLARK ON ROOSEVELT.
SEVEN AND A HALF— M. O., City.
The game of seven and a half is not de
scribed in Hoyle. consequently there
cannot be a "decision according to
Hoyle."
THE CALL, as an original proponent of the Sacra
mento Valley location for the Federal plant ex
periment station, is highly gratified that Chico is
finally selected and the ground, obtained. The Sacra
mento Valley Development Association took the matter
in;, hand, and the whole valley' concentrated upon Chico.
We arc pleased, too, with the area that-has been secured.
The station will occupy 300 acres of fine 'land, with irri
gation, drainage and everything that can bring, it into
the highest' action.
. There will.be finally the greatest plant experiment sta
tion in the world, a^ botanical garden more important
than the Kew ; Gardens in London or the Jardin des
Plantcs in Paris, for the sufficient reason-that the climate
and fixed. physical conditions make it possible to have
at Chico the greatest variety of plants ever grown in
the same : soil anywhere on earth. When it is in ; full
action it, will employ hundreds of men, will be a school
of instruction in vegetable physjology and pathology,
cultivation and uses, and will be not. only of the first
practical importance to California, but will be. one of the
greatest show places in the United : States. Its location
there is the strongest stroke for the State, in all its his
tory since the. discovery of gold. The Sacramento Val
ley, lias, needed . just that: impetus -to' its progress. Its
many towns have stood as one for Chico and therein
have learned the valuable lesson of the force of associa
tion and the benefit of pulling, together. ; : \
The .Agricultural 'Department is entitled ¦ to the grati
tude of 'our people -for this .significant" move in their '. in
terest and it should receive their thanks. - Secretary Wil
son has become such a strong: factor in > the productive in
dustries6i, the 'country and' has so clearly seen the- possi
bilities of Californiajthat'to lose his services at" the head
bfthe department would :be regarded! here as a calamity.
. .His. .organization "of the scientific- and practical ener
gies ; of , ! the /department has . been * solely in ; the interest
of. 'the American agricultural producer, and when his
plans are perfected 1 initheifjresults it will.be seen that he
has.addcd millions to the; profits', of .'all 'our rural in
;dustnes- '¦;-. ; ' ¦ ./ ..'..-. .. .' .':/
Answers to Queries.
THE EXPERIMENT STATION.
Mayor Olney of Oakland is perhaps the most keen
sighted man in California. At a recent meeting of the
Alameda County Teachers' Institute Mr. Olney looked
into the future far as human eye can see and saw a
condition in which the teachers of the State will be bet
ter paid than they are now. The lives of politicians
teach us that Mr. Olney is entitled to another look.
By the stern decree'of Missouri justice a bank rob
ber of that State was hanged. the other day in expiation
of his offense. The incident is encouraging, as it indi
cates with sufficient clearness that the current belief
that Missouri- confines her hangings strictly to one class
is erroneous.
"Uncle Tom" the children call the
bent, white-haired. Uack-clad old man
who day in and day out appears at the
schoolhouse and distributes a big bag
of candy among the little ones. The
teachers also call \ him "Uncle Tom,"
and so do the residents in the immedi
ate neighborhood of the school.
He is a kindly, old fellow, and though,
when the little tots are not gathered
around him partaking of his bounty,
there sometimes can be seen a look of
sadness in his faded blue eyes,, his face
is generally lit up by a smiler-Just such
a smile as one usually associates with
a happy, contented "old age. It -was
while. "Uncle Tom's" face wore one of
these smiles that a teacher, recently as
signed to the school, asked, him why he
was" so fond of the little one3. ,
"Lord love ye. Miss," <said the old
fellow, "I love 'em all because once,
years ago, long afore you were born, I
had a little niece. 1 She was falr-halred
and had such bright blue eyes that to
me she was the bonniest little lass in
all the world. Then"— and here" the old
fellow's voice quivered and broke, , and
with a shaking hand he wiped. away
two big tears that coursed down his
cheeks— "then 1 she died. In my old age
her memory haunts me, and these little
ones help me forget the misery of my
last days. Their 'Uncle Torn', is sweet
to these ' old" ears, .Miss— almost as
sweet as the 'Uncle Tom' of my little
blue-eyed pet." < /
"Uncle Tom."
Of all the birds the humming birds,
especially when young, seem to dis
play the. least fear, says a writer in
Country Life in America. It is a dif
ficult matter to train a young canary,
bird to follow one about the house -. or '
to come when called, yet we have had.?
several humming birds which were*
perfectly domesticated and" more thor->
oughly.tame than any bird I havd ey.er
seen. ; Two humming birds that grejw
up with us were given a small place
in a closet in our sleeping apartment.
At the first approach of daylight they
would fly out into the room, the door
being left ajar, and directly to the bed,
hovering ] over my face, their loud
humming noise awakening me at once.
There was no mistaking that the birds
•wished their breakfast and they could
not be driven away. At times I would
pretend not to see them and' they
would finally alight on the bed, utter- '
ing the quaint little sound, now per
haps a protest, then would hover over
my eyes, so near that the wind from
the rapidly moving wings was quite
sufficient to arouse me. When I held
out my finger one or both would alight
upon it and gaze at me in a manner
whicli spoke volumes ' to any. , one
Imaginative enough to think they un
derstood the language of birds when
they are hungry.
Their food consisted of eugar and
water, which was fed to them with a>
chopstlck-llke straw. Immediately
upon seeing it they would poise in the
air and lick the drop on the tip until
they were satisfied. Occasionally they
would poise before the big red flowers
printed on the curtains. They recog
nized the pictures of flowers on sight
and endeavored to press their bills
into them. Artificial flowers were ap
proached in the same way.- In a word,
these most helpless, the smallest of all
birds, required, no education, no.train
ing from parents; it was all instinctive.
Flying Jewels.
"The young man was already In the
vehicle, and sitting beside him was a
woman., I judged by her figure that
she could not be very old. Well, • we
drove along in^ silence for several
blocks, and then the woman addressed
a remark in a very low tone- to her
companion. He answered, and then
asked me the address of the nearest
Justice of the Peace. After I told him
he again turned to the woman, and for
at least five minutes they conversed in
very low tones. Just as the cab turned
into Larkin l street the young fellow,
with what sounded to me very much
like a curse, rapped on the cab win
dow and yelled to the driver to stop.
When the cab came to a standstill the
young fellow Jumped out, helped the
woman out and \ turning to me said,
•We have changed our minds.*"
.. "Some people do not know their own
minds for ; five minutes," said Cupid
Dan forth a few mornings ago as he
was . opening up the marriage license
office. As he spoke he yawned and
rubbed his eyes. "Come In," he said
to a newspaper man to whom he ad
dressed the remark, "and I'll tell "you
why I think so."
"Last night about midnight I was
awakened out of a sound sleep by a
ring at my doorbell. I got up, slipped
on a portion of my clothing and went
to the door. At the curb in front of the
house was a cab, and standing on the
doorstep was a young fellow. He asked
if I wa's Mr.' -Dahforth, and when' I
told him I was he wanted to know if It
were possible to get a marriage license
at that hour. \ I told him It was, and
asked him to wait a few moments until
I got dressed, when I would go to the
hall with him" and issue it. -In a few
minutes I was ready and stepped into
the cab.
'A Disappointed Cupid.
In this old Tavern there are rooms «o
dear ' ¦"". •
That I would linger here.
I love these corners and familiar nooks
Where I have sat with peaple and with
books.
The very inperf ections and the scars .
About the walls and ceiling and the floor.
The sagging of the windows and tha
, door,
The.dlnginess that mars
The hearth and chimney, and the wood
laid bare
There on the old black chair.
The dear dilapidation of the place
Smiles in my face.
And I am loath to go.
Here from the window is a. glimpse of
Enough for me;
And every evening, through the window
bars,
Peer in the friendly stars.
— And yet I know
That some day I must go, and close the
door.
And see the House no more.
—MARY BURT MESSER, in the
April Atlantic.
Life's Tavern,
IN his last .report to the Government Eugene Seeger,
United States Consul General to Brazil, makes some
statements relative to American trade with that
country which cast an instructive light upon the position
our merchants hold in the commercial activities of the
southern republic. Consul Seeger's report would seem
to indicate that while the American commercial invasion
of Europe is in its heyday the commercial powers from
across the water are checkmating our trade expansion in
South America to a degree which is perilous to the
American manufacturer and the American ship owner.
According to the Consul's report the contract for har
bor improvements at Rio de Janeiro, involving the ex
penditure of $30,000,000, was awarded to a London firm
without competition. Official calls for bids to supply the
Government with coal for all its railroads and steam
ships have, until the recent protest of our Consul, speci
fied that only Cardiff will be accepted. A recent contract
for supplying Brazil with; a complete circulation of
nickel coins was awarded a German firm after the pro
posals had been posted in Rio and London only. Thus
Sceger's* report runs; every enterprise, either of a gov
ernmental or a private nature, is controlled almost en
tirely by German and English capital.
"There are various causes for the discrimination in fa
vor of English importers and contractors," says Seeger,
"and it is only just to say' that as far as the national ad
ministration is concerned there is not the least prejudice
against the, United- States and its industries. Brazil is
tea large degree financially dependent on England, and
as long as this powerful influence exists American com
petition here will be seriously handicapped."
.The report of 'our Consul General is but another ar
gument in favor of.' the passage of the ship subsidy bill
by Congress: If one wonder why it is that England and
Germany. are supreme in the Brazilian markets, as they
are in every 'other mart south of the Mexican border, he
has.'only to turnfto'the record of the merchant marine of
thbse-two; countries and compare that with the meager
showing i our ships, make upon, the seas to find an an
swer to his 'question. It was through their merchant ma
rine- that England and Germany first came into the rich
field of South American trade, and it is through their
merchant marine that they remain in undisputed posses
sion. The coming of their ships brought about the es
tablishment of the banks as a means of 'financing the
countries with which they were doing their trading and
added to their prestige in, the markets of the republics.
The United States, with scarcely the flag of one mer
chantman upon the lower Atlantic, was naturally out
stripped.
If the merchants of this country would have any voice
in affairs commercial in the Latin republics they can do
so only through the medium of American freight car
riers. The trade of South America is too valuable a
thing to lose entirely. What we have lost we can re
gain and add to by ever-increasing percentages through
the upbuilding of an American merchant marine.
AMERICAN TRADE IN BRAZIL.
From Budapest -in Hungary to La
hore in India is about 2400 miles in an
air line, and the stories make the Jour
ney in twenty-four hours, thus travel
ing at the rate of 100 miles an hour for
the whole distance. The storks which
spend the summer in Central Europe
and the winter in Central Africa travel
with the same rapidity.
Slatin Pasha, an Austrian In the ser
vice of the Khedive and now Governor
of the Central Africa'n province of Dar
fur, was for many years a captive In
the hands of the Mahdi and the Khalifa
when the dervishes killed Gordon and
established their empire, now over
thrown In the Soudan. .One day at'Om-
No living thing, not even a scared
jackrabbit, -can travel with the speed
displayed by such birds as the stork
and the northern bluethroat. Not only
do these birds fly with a speed which
can hardly be conceived, but they keep
up their rapid flight for one or two
thousand miles at a stretch without ap
parently tiring.
Evidence has been collected recently
Vviiich shows that the bluethroat flies
from Central Africa to the shores of
the North Sea, a distance of 1C00 miles,
in less- than a day and a night, and
making it moreover In one uninter
rupted flight.
The storks, which spend their sum
mers In Austria-Hungary and their
winters In India and Central Africa.,
are - also marvelous travelers, and
make their journeys twice a year in
one unbroken flight each time.
It Is not likely that prices will be
affected by this artificial production —
at least not for some time to come.
Until 1 the quantity placed upon the
market can be almost doubled the
value of the jewel will not be appre
ciably diminished; its hold upon the
hearts of all women is bo firm and its
position in the very front rank of cov
eted ornaments so lasting that it will
probably never be other than costly.
The value of M. Dubois' discoveries
Js" now recognized by the French
Academy of Sciences, and great in
terest is taken in Ills investigations.—
Washington Sar.
Hitherto no :>earl oysters have ever
been "found In French oyster beds. En
. eouragefi by his success on the shore
.of Tunis, M. Dubois brought some
specimens of his pearl oysters to his
.laboratory in Lyons, and once more
the transplantation was successful.
"Living specimens containing small but
•fine pearls were exhibited a short
time since at the Academy of Sciences,
and as it has been found that oysters
increase rapidly in size in French wa
ters there is every hope that M. Du
bois' pearls will in time attain the di
mensions required for the article of
commerce.
•, For years past M. Dubois has de
voted him&elf to studying the nature
and habits of the pearl oyster and the
conditions under which the pearl of
commerce i» formed. Having satisfied
himself that the pearl is the product
of a disease of the animal, he next
sought to. determine whether that dis
ease might not be contagious. Aft°r
numerous experiments his patience was
rewarded. He succeeded in communi
cating the disease so thoroughly that
almost every oyster in the bed under
observation, and every mussel even,
became affected, and pearls — small
ones, it is true, but of good color and
shape — were found In every shell.
At the International Fishery and
Agricultural Congress of 1900 M. Du
bois demonstrated the success of his
experiments to a commission of
savants. In the first stages of his ex
periments he had opened as many as
12,000 or 15,000 oysters before find
ing a single pearl; now any three
taken at haphazard showed pearls.
At the. conclusion of the congress the
CQlonial Office of France gave him a
commission which enabled him to
prosecute his inquiries under the most
favorable conditions, and he at once
repaired to Tunis, where he began a
series of experiments in acclimatizing
the Ceylon pearl oyster in the waters
of the Mediterranean. All M. Dubois*
experiments have been made upon the
oyster known as the "pintadine," from
the celebrated Ceylon beds. The ani
mal underwent some slight modi
fications on being transplanted from
the Indian Ocean to the Mediter
ranean, but they proved unimportant,
and the work of breeding the con
tamination proceeded without inter
ruption.
The demand for pearls is always far
in excess of the supply. The leading
jewelers of the Kue de la Paix say
that they could always dispose of more
than double the number they are able
to procure, and pearls are more in
vogue this year than ever before. The
invention of the French savant. Si.
Raphael Dubois. promises greatly to
augment the supply of pearls.
Science Jottings
In the past half century there have
been many makers cf artificial stones,
Imitation pearls and diamonds being
familiar to everybody in both hemi
fpheres. It was, however, left to France
to produce two men who have dii
cove.red a way to manufacture the real
ecxns. The astounding results achieved
by M. Moissan with his furnace, heated
by enormously powerful electric en
gine?, in which, after a process lasting
from eight to ten weeks, he produces
real diamonds, having exactly the same
chemical composition as the natural
stone, are now well known. Another
Frenchman, a biologist, has now
worked a F?eor.d miracle — he has dis-.
covered an artificial means of produc
ing real i>earls.
"Well," replied the bald-headed
boarder, "the only reason I can offer
why the old hen never lays an tgg
on Sunday is that she never lays an
egg on any other day of the week, and
hasn't for two whole years." — Youths*
Companion.
will stop at the hundredth revolution
of their own accord. The only possi
ble explanation of this is that the ani
mals can count a hundred. But how
can a hen. even though she may learn
to count seven easily enough, grasp
the Idea that It Is wrong to lay an
tgg on Sunday? That Is the only
feature of the case that I can't under
stand. What Is your explanation ot
it?"
The squabble of two plug uglies to determine who
won in their recent exhibition of fisticuffs is of timely in
terest in connection with the fact that one of them re
ceived $15,000 of the people's money and the other pock
eted $8000. It is perhaps pertinent to the issue to sug
gest, under the circumstances, that whoever won the
public of San Francisco lost.
"Now my younger brother claims
that the telegraph operator left off the
's' on, the end of 'violets.' I think that
my younger brother is a consummate
ass.
"Anyway she returned - Violet with
thanks, saying that she certainly had
had something to remind herself of
me."
"Just as I went down the front steps
of the dear one's house I struck a dra
matic attitude and said, 'To-morrow I
will be far from here, but you will
have something to remind you of me I
guess.' Of course I meant the guilty
conscience which would be hers as the
result of her shocking bad behavior
toward me.
"The next day I had not got very '.far
away on the train when my heart soft
ened toward the young thing back at
home and I dropped off at a station and
sent the following message back to my
younger brother: 'Take . violets to
Lorena. Tell her a peace offering from
me.' , ;.V-.
"I have a younger brother," quoth
the fellow at the. head of the table: "I
also have; or rather did have, a goat
The goat was given me by a friend: as
a joke; the younger brother I could not
help. The brother>is no kid, ditto the
gcatl His name is not Important to
the story, but the goat's name Is Violet.
"If happened one time before I had
decided definitely to become a bachelor
that I was very much in love with a
young lady. \ Should have known bet
ter, .for she ,was one - of the . kind who
will have you call on Thursday nighta
and the other men on Monday, Tues
day and" Wednesday nights— but you
don't know that. But I digress upon
a subject 'which has no charms. To
get back to the story, I had a nice lit
tle stand-up-and-go-to-lt fight with the
fair one on the night before I went
north on business. I had Intended
everything to be soft and lovely— a sort
of farewell symposium, as It were. But
no so.
Sweet Violet.
LIKE many other great Christian holidays, Easter
is expressive • of a thought and aspiration and
spirit of rejoicing that were in the world and;
among ancient men m ages before the day acquired its
present devout significance. The refinement of thought
and the faculty of observation have had their seat ', in
the temperate zone. There the four seasons *- are
acutely marked and the solstices and equinoxes, the
lapse of plant life into sleep in the fall and its resur
rection in the spring, are events of the deepest mate
rial significance to man. If no spring were to follow
the winter, then the sleep of plant life would be eternal
and that part of the human race dependent upon the
fruits of the soil would disappear from the face of the
earth. No wonder then that man devoutly celebrated
the # bursting of the buds and the^ return of verdure.
The observed resurrection of the fruitful possibilities
of the earth soon underwent an application to the state
of man. As some power brought bloom and fruit back
to life from the tomb of winter, why should not man
have a glorious resurrection and" a second life?. St.
Paul, in preaching the resurrection, made ample use of
the observed facts of renewal of life in the fields. This
was because the people to whom he preached, by long
custom were familiar with the change in the, vegetable
kingdom and had learned for ages to regard it with
feelings of awe and thankfulness.
Indeed, they had gone beyond that. The ancients, who
worshiped at the family hearth, on whicli the fire was
never quenched, had long believed in what they called
"the second life." . It was with them a confirmed and
positive faith. They believed that the influence of those
who had entered upon it was around the living, and so
they invoked their ancestors and looked upon the family
tomb as the abode of those who had entered upon the
second life. This belief was wrought into the civil polity
of the ancient nations and races. Rome was prepared
for the acceptance of Christianity by it, and the transition
was made easy by the Christian story of the resurrection.
So, from past ages, and a practice reaching beyond
the horizon of history, this season and its celebration
as a time of hope, renewed life and rejoicing came down
and has become the most firmly seated of modern Chris
tian traditions and celebrations. To-day many millions,
under the higher lights of Christianity, are joining many
other millions living in a lesser light in solemn and
cheerful observance of the great feast which has the
same significance for all.
It is remarkable that observation among the ancients
we call pagan caused the use of the egg as a symbol
of this season of the resurrection of life. h\ Christian
homes the children to-day expect the gayly colored
eggs, and art has wrought the egg form out of many
materials for Easter use. The pagans used the egg
to symbolize the source of life as St. Patrick used the
shamrock to' explain the Trinity. .?•
That was a far gone time, but modern science finds
the source of life just where the ancients found -it— in
the egg, the cell. From cells proceed the life' of' man
and of other animals, and from cells the Jife^of plants
emerges, and by them is built up. If the egg ; failed, if
the cell perished, life would have no renewaVi'nb.resiir.-'
rection, and the influence of the vernal equinox .would
conjure with a barren world. . , '
To-day in every zone the story of the resurrection is
told, and music and ritual and high expression of human
hope lead the thoughts of men from the renewal of
material plenty and comfort upward to the unfailing
beneficence of the power that is the final cause of it all.
In all this there is not such a wide distance between
the materialist and the supernaturalist as seems upon
the surface. The experience of ages provides that neither
can put aside the impulse and lesson of the season. One
may sec in it only the" working of law that is mani
fested only in the unerring recurrence of its phenomena,
while the other explores the mysterious and seeks reve^
lation for the final cause of the law. But each is. com
pelled to reverence, in admitting that man is dependent
upon some system which he cannot create for himself,
but of which he is a part.
Philosophers and metaphysicians have not failed to
observe the long leading and prolonged preparation of
man for Christianity and the further progress which it
meant for the race. In every old system there were the
shreds and fibers of the new. It required one surpass
ing influence to weave these together into a fabric that
surpassed all of which they had been parts. This in
fluence came into the world and did its work, and in
the observance of this old and universal feast men are'
saluting it as the master fact in the life of the race.
English is now spoken by about 125.
000,000 people. A century ago It .was
spoken by 20.000,000 people only. Dur
ing that period no other leading Euro
pean language has made the slightest
advance. German has held its own,'
is spoken now by 80,000,000 people, but
this is no higher percentage of the
tctal number of the people of Euro
pean stocks than It had a century ago.
Abraham Lincoln foresaw 200,000,000
English-speaking people in the United
States alone, and later prophets have
described It as the home of 200.000.000
when the twentyrflrst century dawns.
.As "the learning of English is compul
sory in India, 300,000,000 more people
are being annexed to the English
speaking world.
When Isaac Pitman, the Inventor of
phonetic shorthand, predicted fifty
years ago that English was destined to
be the universal language, he was
Laughed at. His prediction is no longer
laughable.
• • •
It would be almost a physical im
possibility for a man to hide himself
in any remote corner of the world with
out being discovered at last by some
insignificant agent of the world's mail
service, the machinery of which ope
rates with clocklike regularity. If a
blrdseye view of the different railroad
and steamboat lines, which carry the
mails could be taken the giant spider's
web thus formed would appear woven
in a pattern so intricate that the mind
would balk at the mere suggestion of
unraveling it. And besides the regular
steamship and railroad threads of this
maze would appear tens of thousands
of cross lines, representing pony routes,
dog and sled tracks, swift courier and
runner "trails," and even reindeer,
whaling ship and canoe lines. Every
sort of vehicle and beast of burden and
nearly every invention of man for quick
transportation have been pressed into
the postal service, and it Is possible
for a letter to go around the world
under conditions so strange that the,
mere history of its journey would form
a story of thrilling interest.
If a man should start from New York
and travel northward to Alaska, then
down the coast to California and take
ship to Manila, and follow the lines of
travel to Hongkong, to Singapore, to
Canton, to Tokio, to Vladivostok, to
St. Petersburg, to Vienna, to London,
to South Africa, and finally to South
America, touching on the way at sev
eral Pacific and South Atlantic islands,
and thence back to his starting point,
he could travel a distance several times
greater than the circumference of the
globe. If he ordered his mall forward
ed to him, and left correct addresses
behind at each place, the letters would
dutifully follow him and finally be de
livered to him in New York a few days
after his own arrival there. All that
he would have to pay extra for this
remarkable journey would be a dollar
or two In tolls, which would represent
the charges for forwarding exacted by
some of the countries through which
it passed. There is In the Postofllce
Department at Washington the envel
ope of a letter which traveled in this
way 150,000 miles, and another which
came safely through a trip of 125,000
miles. Both are marked and stamped
In a way to baffle any except a very
expert decipherer of puzzles.— St. Nich
olas. ¦;v/---4'
The details of the tunneling of the
two rivers and the necessary facilities
in and about New York City, which will
be In keeping with the gigantic engi
neering project, have been made known
by the railroad company. The western
tunnels will connect with the Pennsyl
vania tracks at Harrison, near Newark,
N. J. The two tubes, which will be
placed thirty-seven feet apart, will
pass under Bergen Hill. " The tunnels
will be constructed in sections, the first
to extend to Weehawken shaft, a dis
tance of 5910 feet. The next section ex
tends from the shaft to the New York
State line, about the center of the
river. The distance from the shaft to
Ninth avenue. New York. Is 9257 feet.
With the exception of a small section
ol thirty-four-foot span, a section of
1096 feet of triple tunnel and a section
of 605 feet of four-track tunnel, these
sections consist of two individual tun
nels. The eastern division, from Ninth
avenue to Thomson avenue, Long Isl
and City, is 18,600 feet long."
The railroad company, in awarding
the contract, paid particular attention
to the specifications relative to the
making and quality of steel and iron
castings to be used in the work. The
specifications require that the cast
iron must contain not less than 1 per
cent of silicon, not more than six
tenths of 1 per cent of phosphorus and
not more than thirteen-hundredths of
1 per cent of sulphur. It is also spec
ified that no mill cinder, white or burnt
iron or scrap shall be used in the man
ufacture of the castings. The pitch,
into which the castings are to be
dipped while in a white heat,' will be
distilled from coal tar and must be free
from naphtha, and the material de
odorized by a solution of 6 per cent
linseed oil. The tunnels will be lined
with cast iron or steel plates flanged
and bolted together. — New York Press.
The American and Englirh firms to
which the Pennsylvania Railroad Com
pany has recently 'awarded the -con
tracts for the construction of the rail
road tunnels under the North and East
rivers at New York City have already
taken the preliminary steps necessary
to active operations. The contract for
the iron castings, which will be the
largest ever let, will be awarded In a
day or two. The work on the tunnels
will require 322,765 net tons of the cast
ings. Practically every iron foundry
in the world Is interested In the con
tract and has submitted bids.
This stork, as was proved by the
dates, made the journey from Omdur
man to the Austrian country place, a
distance of nearly S000 miles, at a speed
of more than 100 miles an hour.
He -wrote a note to his friend and
tied it to the metal band. When the
stork returned to Austria for the sum
mer the friend saw the letter, caught
the stork and read the message,' which
was the first certain assurance that the
outside world received that Slatin was
still alive. '
durman he saw a stork with a metal
band attached to one of its legs. He
caught the bird and found engraved
upon the band the name of an old
friend in Austria.
EASTER TIME.
.That is an honest expression of opinion by Champ
Clark, the newspaper writer. The precedents are that
a Vice President isucceeding' to the Presidency has never
been elected to the first place. The people Will agree
that these do not applyto President Roosevelt, and that
he.is more likely to serve two full elected terms.than- to
end his career as a succeeding, yice President.
with, and though very much disposed to have his own
way, he has created no schisms among Republicans. At
first the veteran leaders looked askance at him, but
gradually he has won them over, arid one. by one they
have given in their adhesion until, he has no organized
opposition for the nomination. 'It would appear to a
looker on in Vienna that the precedents do not apply
to Colonel Roosevelt." . /
TH E ¦ . . S AN FRANCISCO ;G ALL^ SUNDAY,; APRIL 3, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO MLL
JOHN D/SPRECKELS/ Proprietor,. .'. ..>.,. ..Address AU Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT,, Manager
Publication Office .\ <^pj5|D^^> •". . • . • "i TTTThlrd and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY....... v. .. ...... •.?.'.. ......... ......:;.............../.... ;...:.................. APRIL'; 3. 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
32"As to the * movement, for. a . cleaner
currency," counseled, the: philosophical
boarder, "get a, clean currency if you
can, you fellows, but get the currency. "
—Chicago . Tribune.'^^^^g^
The Supreme Court * yesterday re
fused the „ petition < of L. T. • Haws that
Superior Judge Hall of Alameda Coun
ty ;. be directed not to hear the com
plaint against plaintiff: brought by W.
H. Pennie. Plaintiff Is the ;• sanitary
inspector of Berkeley arid I Pehrile 7 al
leged that the official was illegally col
lecting fees.. _
Judge Hall Slay Hear Case.
The Maid-^-Justh] think, Norah, -it
took "¦ the y hairdresser r an *; hour - and '". a
half ! to . put ; myl hair - ini this style.
;>> r TheiCook— IndadelfAnVdid yescall
for.it or; did he sind-itthome?- — Puck.
' BERKELEY, April 2. — The plans
for anew football field dug out of the
earth and surrounded with a high em
bankment have been about abandoned
by the students of the University . of
California. A substitute not so ex
pensive has been devised to take the
place of the more ambitious scheme.
The revised plan calls merely for a
leveling off of the Hillegass tract,
which will be the site ot the perma
nent stadium, and the erection of tem
porary bleachers and grandstand.
This revision of the original plans was
necessary for several reasons. One of
these is that the time is too limited to
complete the excavation and building
of ; permanent bleachers upon the em
bankment. Another is the , lack of
money with which to -prosecute the
work.
Football Plans Are Changed.
HI r/ Rolfe ¦ and Will , Allen « beat Frank
Mitchell ' and • Sidney ; Salisbury." ti-1. ; tt-4 ; ' Salis
bury v and - Rolfe '; beat # Dr. / Hill - and -; Harry
Haight ! 10-S.- 6-4; Dr. , Lovegrove beat i Cutter,
2-«. 3-«. '; 6-4, C-2. 7-5. ; 6-4 ; H; E.^ I»unnett beat
Werner Stauf.' B-4 : : V. ; Little beat ; H. Hume.
U-4, - 6-4 ;,L. C. 'Bozarth -, beat ! Little. * 0-2/ «-3.
6-2, 6-4; Allen beat Rolfe. 6-4, 8-8: Dr. Phillip
bflat Gus Lleser. ; ti-2,* 7-0;. Dr. ; McChesney. beat
Punnett. ; 6-3. i6-3.'. o ; : v ~ :
The following matches were played:
Some good tennis matches were
played yesterday on the/ California
Club courts. The closest -and' most
exciting in doubles was that between
Sidney Salisbury and Harry Rolf e and
Dr. Hill and Harry Haight. The for
mer team played a faster net game
than their opponents and won two
close sets. /
Another good match was that In
which Rolfe and Will' Allen bet. Sal
isbury and Frank Mitchell easily.
Mitchell was somewhat off and did
not support his partner as 'well as
usual.
In singles Allen and Rolfe furnished
by far the best match: Allen / to6k
two sets from his * younger opponent,
but had no "easy time doing so. Rolfe
played an excellent ; game,/ his net
work being particularly good.
Dr." Loyegrove and : Cutter had the
longest match of the, day. . The doctor,
was slow- to -; start"; "and- lost the first
two; ; sets.'; ; He redeemed ' himself \ by
Vlnnlng the next four.
; Gus 'f, Lisser,' : the : promisi ng young
player of , : the; -fourth class, made ¦ a
good showing against the veteran Dr.
Phillip. ; The latter had to use all his
skill to beat his opponent. ' ; -
Werner/ Stauf , ; the clever ex-presi
dent of ' the fclub, played a set with H.
E. Punnett. Stauf has hot' played
much" in the'^ last few months. ; but put
up.a'Coodgame.'
Salisbury and Rolfc Dent Hill ¦ and
Holght After Some Sharp
1 Competition.
TEXXIS MATCHES PLAYED
ON CALIFORNIA COURTS
That there is 'some truth in the
adage "Every dog has his day" is ex
emplified by the Norris & Rowe show,
which opened a brief season yesterday
at Mechanics' Pavilion. In a few years
this enterprise has gradually developed
from one solitary performing dog to a
combined circus, museum, menagerie
and hippodrome, that covers almost
the entire floor of the big building on
Larkln street, and the canine features
are the least important of the lot. There
are highly educated horses and ponies
galore, performing seals and a large
and interesting collection of caged ani
mals, and the human element in the
exhibition is represented by gymnasts,
acrobats, equestrians _ and clowns, to
say nothing of the "freaks" that are to
be seen, in the sideshows and n<Jt -to
mention the hawkers and other con
ventional auxiliaries of the up-to-date
circus. For. .that's what the one dog
has grown into— a modern circus, vwlth
all the attractions thereof that adult
as well as younger amusement seekers
find irresistible.
In the two sawdust-covered rings,
upon the . two bare platforms, in the
great oval surrounding them and upon
the gymnasium furniture hanging over
them are; performed many feats that
are both novel and daring. The Belford
family of acrobats,; five in number, do
difflcut things that are now" to San Fran
cisco, and .the Lavan". family of gym
nasts give T an ; exhibition upon aerial
bars and \ swinging trapezes which the
programme does not exaggerate by de-,
scribing " as "dauntless and death-de
fying." Then: there is a trio billed as
Melnotte, La I Nole rand Melnotte, every
member of which seems to be as much
at ease while walking or dancing upon
a thin and tightly drawn wire as if he
The Department of Electricity has agreed to
incorporate in it* budget for the next fiscal
year a sum sufficient to install such fire alarm
system which this department most earnestly
requests your honorable body to approve and
allow. It is a necessity which requires no ar
gument, aa its Importance as a' precautionary
measure against personal Injury and possible
loss of life is apparent. We would therefore
urge upon your honorable body that you de
vote to this measure the time and considera
tion * its importance demands.
"In former years the Board of Supervisors
includeoT'ln its annual advertisement for water
and gas to be . furnished the municipality the
requirements of the Hoard of Education in
these commodities. This department would re
spectfully recommend to your honorable body
that ths system be again pursued, the main
reason for this suggestion •¦ being that a uni
form rate may be thus secured, as the rates
submitted by the . gas and water , companies
T^he Board of Education filed formal
ly with the Supervisors and Auditor
Baehr yesterday its estimate of expend
itures of the School Department for the
next fiscal year. The various items of
the estimate have already, been pub
lished exclusively in The Call and ag
gregate the sum of $1,686,805, of which
$1,100,000 is for teachers* salaries. For
permanent Improvements the board
wants $292,861, of which $195,961 is for
the repair and sanitary improvement
of nearly all the schools. Supplies will
consume $11S,O5O, and the maintenance
of the children's playground $7000. The
sum of $27,500 is asked for portable
school houses and $20,000 to equip them.
In Its letter to the Supervisors the
Board of Education petitions that pro
vision be made for the Installation of
automatic fire alarms in the school
buildings. The letter continues:.
S. F. Alden, purchasing agent of the
North Shore road, has resigned his po
sition to enter private business.
F. Ziegfeld of Paris and his wife,
who is more familiarly known on the
American stage as Anna Held, arrived
from the East last evening and are
registered at the St. Francis.
Thomas W. Hill, president of the
City Hall Commission at Cleveland,
Ohio, visited the local city officials
yesterday, lir. Hill has been making
a tour of Mexico and this State and
left for his home last night.
David Williamson, a "well-known
newspaper man, who was formerly con
nected with the papers of this city and
later, with those of Fresno, arrived here
yesterday on his way to Grass Valley,
where he is to assume the position of
managing editor of Tidings.
'0 E. O. McCormick '. of the Harriman
lines, who Is soon to depart for Chi
cago, was the guest "oil ! honor, at a din
ner given by his fellow membersat the
Pacific Union Club laBt evening. J. W.
Byrne presided at the function, which
was attended by fifty members .of the
organization. .,
Dr. J. II. McLeod of Santa Rosa is
at the Grand.
Attorney Frank H. Short of Fresno
is at the Palace.
"Walter D. Vinton, a druggist of Ne
vada City, is at the Lick.
W. H. Holabird, an attorney of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
P. L. Williams, a capitalist of Salt
Lake City, is at the Palace. -
Louis Dohme, a /manufacturer of
chemicals of Baltimore, is at the Pal
ace. ¦ •
Mrs. Schuman-Heink, the well
known opera singer, is at the St.
Francis.
President *David • Starr Jordan of
Stanford University and his son are
at the Occidental.
PERSONAL.
Calculates .A mount of Money
Required to Conduct Af
fairs of the Department
Xorris & Rowe Slu/w at Me
chanics' Pavilion Exempli
fies Truth of an Old Adage
heretofore have been much higher for this
department than those obtainM by your hon
orable board. You can readily obserre the
advantages to be 1 arrived by this municipality
by the approval of this recommendation by
your honorable body, as the saving to the tax
payers would amount to no Inconsiderable sum
annually. .
Your attention U particularly directed to th»
importance and necessity for the Installation
of modern sanKary ¦ systems of toilets and
plumbing in all of our school buildlnr*. In
submitting our budsret of 1903 to your honor
able board for consideration we laid particular
stress upon this feature of modern improve
ments. We wish once again to reiterate our
recommendations of last year and to suggest
to your honorable body that th«s general health
of our children Is of such Importance that it
demands that every precaution, no matter
how small or great, be taken* and that no ex
penditure of public f unfl« can be regarded *s
wasteful or extravagant when directed toward
its maintenance and preservation.
The existing conditions In a great many of
our schools, as far as the sanitary aspects are
concerned, are most deplorable, and we moat
urgently petition your honorable body to ap
propriate sufficient fundit to place our schools
on a healthful basis, so that parents and th«
Health Department need entertain no appre
hensions of children contracting illness conse
quent upon their attendance as pupils ot our
public school system.
SCHOOL BOARD
FILES ESTIMATE
FROM ONE DOG
TO BIG CIRCUS
The eauine features alone are worth
more than the price of admission to a
reserved seat. Such a bunch of pretty
and talented Shetland ponies has never
been congregated under any other
management, and their beauty.' aa well
as their cleverness, convey unbounded
delight to the women and children.
Three elephants do a very interesting
turn, and the dogs are simply immense.
Between acts a lot of funny clowns
keep the spectators from growing
weary, and an j excellent Wass band
plays more than orthodox circus muaici
From the "grand 'entree" to the final
race of the hippodrome sports the pro
gramme is uninterrupted and interest
ing, and a week of big business can
confidently be predicted for the Norria
& Rowe show. ~
or she were treading terra flrma. Of
lesser prominence, but interesting just
the same, are the balancers, jugglers,
contortionists and other small-typed
specialists.
Canraeeer In Trouble,
W. F. Angblade of Angblade & Cum
mins, 1170 Market street, secured a
warrant from Police Judge Mogan yes
terday for the arrest of John Adams, a
canvasser, on a charge of obtaining
money by false pretenses. Angblade
alleges that Adams has been turning in
tictltious order* and drawing commis
sions on them and he Fays there are
three others who have been doing the
same thing.
Forclble Way to Collect Coin.
T. Williams. 410 Kearny street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge
Mogan yesterday for the arrest of
"John Doe" Merrill, proprietor of a
lodging-house at 604^ Third street,
on a charge of battery, but a more
serious charge may develop. Wil-
Hams alleges that he owed Merrill
some money for room rent and that on
Friday Merrill called at 410 Kearny
street and held him up in the hallway
and took the money out of his pockets.
¦ » »
Carpenter Falls From Ladder.
Peter Castagnlo, a carpenter, resid
ing at 2511 Jones street, fell from a
ladder while working on a drain pipe
at 3009 Jackson street yesterday. His
Injuries, consisting of a fractured
right ankle, a fracture of the left arm
and a possible fracture of the skull,
were treated at the Emergency Hos
pital.
¦ • »
The .Red Cross Society of Russia is
the richest In the world, having
$8,000,000 in Its treasury: it is well
organized and can do efficient work
from the beginning.
Whenever the fact comes to light
that some prudent old veteran has
saved a considerable sum of money he
Is surrounded by outsiders, who tell
him that he is being cheated at the
home and ought to take his money and
leave. Not lpng ago an old soldier who
came into an inheritance of $1200 from
Iowa was invited to make his perma
nent home at a saloon in Yountville,
where the kindest treatment would be
accorded to him. The old man accept
ed the invitation. He was treated so
kindly that when all of his little for
tune of $1200 had been expended for
liquor and on lewd associates the pro
prietor of the place hired a wagon to
have the old vet taken back to the
home, and sent a keeper along to roll
the sick and aged bankrupt from tfle
wagon to the steps of the command
ant's office.
Incidents of this kind are not rare.
The warm friends of the old soldier
have no fondness for him as companion
or client after his money Is gone.
Senators Perkins and Bard and Rep
resentatives Gillette, Metcalf, Need
ham, Daniels and McLachlan hav<
been informed that during the montl:
of March. 1904, $13,000 of pension monej
was paid to veterans at the home. Ir
addition thereto the sum of $16,00(
stands to the credit of pensioners ir
the Mutual Savings, San Franclscc
National and First National banks oi
San Francisco. This information wit
be presented to Congress in fairness tc
California and in justice to the Granc
Army and the management of the Vet
erans' Home.
By SAMUEL. "W. BACKUS. President
Hon. Victor H. Metcalf. House of Repre
Ffi;tative». Washington, D. C. : Statetnen
mact^ by Conerrfsman Bell is misleading
Every veteran depositing; his pension at th<
home Is' entttted to receive It back in ea*h
The canteen at the home la conducted bj
authority of law of the State of California.
The proceeds eo into a fund expended ex
cllislvely for the benefit of the memUrs of tin
home. Strict rules and regulations governlm
the canteen are enforced rigidly. Canteei
checks have never been issued against penslo:
money except at the soectal request of th<
veteran himself. Records show that of $$00<
a month deposited $7000 a month Is paid bail
in cash. The policy of the home manogemen
Is to discourage the spending of pensions foi
liquor.
BOARD OF DIRECTORS. VETERANS
HOME.
General Shatter's successor as de
partment commander of the Granc
Army of the Republic will be chosen a'
Los Angeles during the coming week
It is conceded that the honor belongs
to Southern California. The delegate!
to the encampment will probably elec
the candidate that presents the strong
est indorsements from that portion ol
the State. The leading aspirants ar<
Charles T. Rice of Rlversides.and formei
Adjutant General C. C. Allen of Los
Angeles. • . •
Reference will probably be made ii
the encampment to the vehement at
tack of Congressman Bell on the man
agement' of the Veterans* Home a'
Yountvllle. Grand Army men are sur :
prised that Bell's statements In th<
House of Representatives were no
challenged by some one of the Repub
lican Congressmen from this State, a!
the reports of the Yountville lnstltutioi
are accessible. According to the Asso
elated Press account of what took plac<
in the House, Bell's utterances did no:
reflect credit on California and wen
distinctly defamatory of the board o:
directors of the Veterans' Home.
The following message has beei
wired from this city to "Washington:
Candidates From the
South Will Be Ghosen to
Succeed General Shatter
ASPIRANTS FOR OFFICE
brand Army Encampment at
Los Angeles May Take Up
Congressman's Imputation
BELL'S CHARGES
ARE RESENTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; -SUNDAY; APR.L 3; 1004.
33
POSTUM CEREAL.
MS BZLULb SLm MMM S BW BjB women approach with
jg*!***!P*>*. **^ mmm * mm^** indescribable fear, for
jjfi BS&J3B 4$fflk IB f3F a MJB B mm SF& nothing compares with
&m MWamJI a IHI &L$H* the P ain * ad horror of
™T**' a ' ¦? ***** •¦¦ child-birth. The thooght
of the suffering and danger in store for her, robs th,e expectant mother
of all pleasant anticipations of the coming event,. and casts over her a
shadow of gloom which cannot be shaken off. Thousands of women
have . found that \ the use of Mother's , Friend , during pregfnancy rob«
confinement of all pain and danger, and insures safety to life of mother
and chilcU This scientific i liniment is a god-send to all women at the
;of their 'a most trial. Not vonl*» does Mother's . Friend
:cj»r^. ; -.women/ i safely''^rough f --the perils of child-tirth, ; but ¦ its usa
.gently prepares' the; system for the coming event, prevents "morning
sickness,"; and other, dis- _- ¦'. ..'' ' "'.'
comforts of this period. BAJM£^ m WBJt R7XM91&
Sold by »" druggist, at f|f |/ f ff E.K O
$i.oo per; bottle. Book?* . . ¦_ - '^^ *•
containing valuable information free. Mm* &sS& M C GtfH tftl
The Bradfield Regulator Co. , Atlanta, Ga. M MUM Cm MW wLS .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ELECTRO-CHEMISTRY PREVENTS
Mr. F. ( Christoffersen, a well-known shipowner and master
mariner, living at No. 333 Pennsylvania avenue, San Francisco,
tells in his- testimonial, which appears below, of his prompfcure
by Electro-Chemistry of a serious case of catarrh, which had at-
tacked his lungs and which was rapidly running him into consump-
tion. Before taking up the Electro-Chemic treatment Mr. Chris-
toffersen was for four months under the treatment of two other
well-known family doctors, and in spite of all these doctors could
do the patient gradually and steadily grew worse. The first Elec-
• tro-Chemic treatment stopped the progress of his disease.
MR. CHRISTOFFERSEN SAYS:
Ss^^^A<^^J|JjBBHHBHfck- ' « nediclnes and did everything In my power to
~~ ' *orse. Finally my renerat health brok/down!
I*-**.-*.- ¦ ,M „ • -,- . ' - .- »;„ ¦ '* became nervous and week. My cough was »o
V-'«/> ' * - " " ' ' W < "- ~' -• jRj that the couKMnr epeUe wou i d brln5 on
¦^^iVlL; r - J^ ,- '- "• / •omltinK. 1 lost all taste for food and in th«
¦S*?* ? • -, ¦ ¦ ,. . A.. „ ifternoon I was feverish. I lost weiBht and I
Wm*?W i VNt&frttt» •¦¦^SEl.V ¦ '¦¦•^« ' ' ' ' uri1 that ll was n<?ce ' i! "'ry to do pomethltifj to
v^/«JK«3^H^- ; **P^'-' ; aM*» ... 'revent my troutle runnlns: into consumption.
i*?S^T*^Br5^^^ - »;»^ kn»w from expTience that the ordinary medi-
'&M$s9bW% m , ' ' < ' 3l tr '« 1rn ' in^ «'ed *>y th<> family doctor would
'¦^^'sSBi^.'Ui'SlK* ' ' ?" '* '*' hr '-- i( treatment I employed two well known
:.ty.^^yjjMfc: : -'''ijK!!Kg-l['- . '' •"* ' - net sucoestful family doctors. Iloth rave me
W WW i '\W^mmlr Mm^\ '- ' S ""JlKions and couch syrups, ljut neither dl<l
j«.^^,;«WMT. ¦'¦: ' » '¦"£*;'£ '¦'¦'*¦ '.'.•*¦¦'•' '¦¦* lbt •*«»» bit or tor-.,i. 1 r *8'.l In tho p:ir*rs
z'^*m&-*m :^K^±*i ':^J^uif^M^ %. - - - • ' ''¦ "them who had been cured of f-erloun dln-
flk. - '"-* 1'* Bpe Ilk * m y cwn °y Electro-ChemlBtry. nnd I
j.- r :>V^^*jfBM|Hi3P'' iMSBk^ ¦¦ c^e'd*" 1 t0 K° to the Electro-Ohemtc Institute,
' ;; ¦'•^'wK' ¦ iggTO^ft»tifc M< <Jrar.t ave., U* oxaminalion and advice.
¦ir^S l^^l '-^BP. ¦ rhe Electro-Chcmic examination showed that
-^y^ :: -' J%pf' '^-'fffi^m vy Iansr * m ' ere Quite prioucly affect ml. ' but
'-^tBHtEtl^mtw ¦^¦'^y fMBBB'i'^alS "*' hr n t1ie K]«"tro-Ch« i mic fifvlallct told me
1 . 3» ----- V^^^^i^H^ S^ffl^8jM| : hat Electro-'Chemistry would cure me I he-
¦ BtfBESS^MfTXS"*-'-^- -' 'JfSfc' 1 ''^ ¦?*-?- -88181 leve< * Mtti »ni I Immediately took up the
|ljjW'*i' >v "*j- f^' 8&3£>tif&BK^^Bm '. reattnPnt - My case waa quite stubborn at
HiOpl' fWrllff^rn^TWWnB^i rTt - he cou^h persisted, but I felt 1m-
B^P^-"- O. </ . ' £¦ '¦¦¦'¦'"'r ' ¦••¦.' -• rov «d 'a wry other way. Finally, however.
WnB-y'* 1 z*r^f(" ¦'¦ ; .^Sr "*~ i "'^'-' '™W&Siffi&BSM lie cou *k n to prow better and In two
tlrae I have been thoroughly cured in
evcrjr way. My nerve* are now ctronc. My
y* t mnrpnvPTRRTif appetite Ib rood and my food agrees perfectly.
833 Penn«yt»-ftnia Ave., Ban Francisco. treatment. My cough Is perfectly cured, all
Ap-rat and Representative, pain baa left my chest and I have regained all
MR. T. THOMPSON*. 32 Steuart St. my lost weight and strength. It elves me
, I l«-ar-ure to recommend this wonderful Electro-
Ck*mle treatment to other euSerers who may be in need of it.
<Sirn< A) F. CHRISTOKFEUSEN.
FREE EXAMINATION AND TREATMENT,
The Electro- Chemic treatment caret Catarrh la the worst forms and pre-
vents Ccnromptlon. It cures Consumption la. the early stares aad it cures
. Xronchltls aad Asthma. The ZUectro-Chemlo treatment cures these serious dis-
eases "because the cenai c? the diseases are destroyed by it. ZTo known medical
treatmeat produces these results aad ao known medical treatmeat cures these
cases. They may be beaefited by medicines, but they are never cured by them.
To demoastrate why aad how Electro-Chemistry cures Catarrh, Consumption.
Asthma, Bronchitis aad all Sisases of the Air Passages, every oatleat sufferiatr
from aay of these diseases is cordially invited, to come to the Electro-Chemic la-
•tltnte for a thorourn X-Say examination aad a full Electro-Chemic treatmeat
absolutely free of charge, we make this remarkable offer to prove the full
truth of our claims. umiyiiuiijiLB—i___^
ELECTRO-CHEMIC tMSMM
HOME TREATMENT CURES. Z^ff^k
VIRALIA. CaL. March 26, 190L H^bR»&*9hI
TO TUT: EL.ECTRO-CHKMIC INSTITUTE. &¥'^£&i£s>- <>tt*7&
IIS Gr*nt Ave.. Corner Pest St.. San Francisco, Cal.: t*v5^'v5*SLi LtiEfi*
I had been & prt-at »uff<?rer from rheumatism for a lonir time. I BpJHWwW^— ' fflBa
could not ralM my arms without great pain. But after hiving one sg*iaHMFI5fc 'z^gS&fSk
of your treatment? for twenty-six days I wa« thoroughly cured. tSf&SLjiafxidt i%&!!JBB&
Knowing the gr^-at need of Mich speedy remedies I have rreat KSPBwB&Tw^piaH^^^I
pl<-«?ure in recommending your treatment to other people. Yours 1 Hl>*Mic&QHa
mc*t rratefully, GEORGE F. SEXTON. t^SBUg^ £ !W1
712 Goshen Ave., Vlsalia. CaL SSS^K*^£' ::^ ' :i^M
Persons living at a distance, when they can convenient- | 9b1^»8b!
Jy do *o. ure advised to come to our office for a thorouph S^^a/^Kf^JImfpB 7%
personal examination. When this is Impossible they should
write a full description of the principal symptoms and full *CB. O. T. SEXTON,
Instructions will be promptly forwarded regarding; home Viaalla, CaL.
examination and treatment. Some of our best cures have Cured bv th« jtw«»
.been accomplished by the home treatment in patients we Chemic Home T*St"
•bave never seen. ment. Read his letter
OTHER ELECTRO-CHEMIC SPECIALTIES.
Electro-chemistry cures painlessly and without operation Catarrh, Bronchitis
• A rthm a. Consumption. Deafness. Head JToiics, Rheumatism, Beuraltia, Kervous-
ness. Xleblllty. Special Diseases of Women, Paralysis, tocomotor Ataxla. Cancers.
Ulcers. Tumor*. Liver Diseases, »4aey Diseases. Stomach Diseases. Bladder Dis-
eases, -Bowel Diseases and Special Diseases cf-Mea. : No matter -what your
trouble may be, it is probably within the scope of Electro-Chemistry to cure
you. At any rate, aU sujlerere are cordially invited to call upon us for a thor-
oufrn Electro-Chemic 'examination free of charge. This examination will tell the
exact condition of the patient and whether or not the case is curable. la all
curable cues ths patient will be riven a full treatment free of charge.
THE ELECTRO-CHEMiC INSTITUTE, "S^:
> OS.cc Houn : Daily, 9 a. m. to 5 p. m., and 7 to 8 p. m.: Sundays, 10 ajn. to 1 p. m.
Separate Apartments for Iiafllei and Gentlemen,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The WHITE HOUSE
MEN'S INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS— All pure
linen, 19 inches square, with half-inch hem and
beautifully worked initial. Regular value, CO.00
$4.00 dozen V^doz N
MEN'S INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS— Of very
fine linen, 19 inches square, with . J4 -Inch hem and
neat script letter. The latest style Hand- O/* 00
kerchief V^doz
INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS— Suitable for chil-
dren or general rough wear, all pure linen and
splendid value; put up in pack-" /> >f rtt - tZf%g\
ages of O TOl DUG
WOMEN'S INITIAL HANDKERCHIEFS — Un-
laundered, all pure linen, very sjieer, with small let-
ter inclosed in wreath; good /> £**-. <£| A A
value at $3.00 dozen O TOl
HAND BAGS— Excellent Black Faulkland Seal
Grain, with new style braided handle, new shape,
9 inches long; in gilt and oxydized (>a ff[A
mountings ; special price .< V" #^U
SPECIAL, TO CLOSE— A lot of Hand Bags, most-
ly with handles; in Tans, Browns, Grays and
Blues. Former prices, $1.50, $2.50, $3.50; <£¦ r\r\ %
now «pi»UU
Fortunes have been made In
San Francisco Real Estate-
Splendid chances yet remain.
See choice bargains adver-
tised in classified ads.
Mf^^wM, '^^- : rr lii^^Wm
¦Wli k'wJftk \L$P^ / w/ [llMi. \ the divines t melody Jf have ever heard was I I iKfjffhZSr J^^X\\ *V I -V
t Hi li i^VV \ borne to me, tenderly, lovingly; w a /tiny my I /# —^^^/*"^^i ! \
llv'A Ik If VWs. \ sou * *° e highest realms, guiding me | | ilf/'iz^—-^^^ • ' c^^^ J^J^^^=^_ *
lll^^^^^^fc^^^V^^liS ¦ dreamily f followed the sweet strains; | W \VlM I
WvIV^"^^l^r> VA when suddenly f paused; enraptured by the \ W 'J^ \
ililSH If 1 I bwt'fat sight which met my eyes. I \d' M^^^^J^^L S \waI/1
•'{¦-: \ : ..•"'••/¦/?¦ /\\l. . v :;LVf.//A wi.hthe morning sunlight forming a halo, ' l 's'.\\-*f .•. < -^T\! if '''¦-. ''-¦.$. \\\ -V'^?':-
r:Vi^^''V.*.":- : «\ ''•':$/' ": '•'' : :^- rt .^a^'Nl^^y48 — was my child, lost in the exquisite harmony *'J ":"•••:•!• ~4 f % jj *>.. ¦¦••¦•¦'£•¦"[¦*>>.¦••
\&&2£u*dLiU'. - Wi*:---- •*&'*£%¦ « Yi •' 1 of that perfect instrument and fh? beauty •' :.s 3* i\ *~ S ,••'%$ '*. L2: ....:~.~
ll ':/{* •V'^^ :: V^^^^ : "">^ : ; I Softly, sweetly, the words rang out, &£'•' ;)}? i: *"'''•'* /; '"i^Sl^. *£*£%-" \
Hdt / M-'^^'''^ S^^iiJ : ' : ~ >eaco on **rih, good will towards men. • ' U^f*f%./zM}' "'^/M/^'i
— — —^BSEgiraw^TFTOSg^ address them.
it's:Ea^y;-
to quit
COFFEE
* when well made
POSTUM
? is served.
Note the change in health. .;Jaokson street, secured a warrant from
P.olice Judge Cabaniss yesterday for
the arrest of Lee Sing on a charge of
felony embezzlement. He alleges that
he gave Lee Sing $200 on March 26
to deposit and that King failed to de
poslt It.
Embezzlement Alleged.
Soo Hoo Gun, a merchant at €26
.Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and i neuralgia.
Druggists. COc* flask. BlcAard & Co.,' 409 Clay.*
Fire Commission Has the Power.
City Attorney Long rendered an
opinion yesterday that the Fire Com
mission and not the Board of Super
visors is empowered by the charter . to
make air contracts for supplies fur
nished t ( o and work done for the Fire
Departm ent^SSSHtS
U.F.Eton, dentist; liaignt & Maaooio •>»»•
The Supreme Court has decided ad
versely, to ~ H. ' I.. Kowalsky in a \ dis
pute between ¦ him and • Henry,; Mohr
over a- note given, the "latter by T Kate
C* Perry, a relative of Florence Blythe
Moore. . Kowalsky ' purchased a 1 half
interest in a $12,000 note.^ The. courts
hav« decided in "a previous suit fthat
the note was worth:but $4000. The
dispute was as to " fie . amount ; of Ko
walsky's [interest, in' the matter. .He
thought Mohr owed him $6000, but the
court disagrees and gives .. him- only
the half interest.
kowalsky Loses Contest.
Charles Lyons notifies the public that
in response to numerous applications he
has had Landseer's celebrated painting
of the lion engraved, size 43 by •»!
Inches, which may be obtained at his
stores. 721 Market or 122 Kearny Free
to customers/ Ten cents to others. Fif
teen cents by, mail. - V
South African Lions.
Stocky certificates . and seal presses at - abort
notice. . ; Edw.-_ S." Knowles. 24 , Second ¦ »t. : • -
Joseph Davis, convicted by a jury
In Judge Dunne's c^urt of a charge of
assault to rob, was sentenced yester
day to serve three years in San Quen
tin. He forced Henry Gohringer into
a doorway at Third and Mission streets
on October 4 and attempted to rob
him. Yeong Cheong, who pleaded
guilty to receiving stolen goods, -was
sentenced to serve six months In the
County Jail. He employed a number
of Chinese boys to steal Jewelry, which
he bought from them.
Prisoners Are Sentenced.
J. T. Wilber was booked at the City
Prison yesterday by Policeman E. ,W.
Meredith on two charges of petty lar
ceny. On Friday night Wilber escort
ed Joseph Martin, who was consider
ably under the influence of liquor, to
a room at 315. 0'Farrell street and
took a $5 greenback out of Martin's
pocket, telling the landlady it was for
his trouble in taking Martin to ' the
room. He also took • a sack contain
ing silver, but- the landlady snatched
it from him arid notified Policeman
Meredith., •
Wanted Coin for Trouble.
HJul's Montgomery-st. Coffee House
has moved to 427 Montgomery st., di
rectly opposite its former location. The
handspmest breakfast. " lunch and coffee
rooms in the city, with more room, more
light and better and quicker service. •
Removal Notice.
The Supreme Court declared yester
day that an innkeeper Is not in any
way responsible for damages inflicted
upon guests by servants. G. Rahmel
stayed at a hotel kept by. H. A. Lehn
dorn* In Los Angeles. • The guest was
knocked senseless by a waiter in the
course of a dispute and subsequently
brought suit against the proprietor for
5200 damages. Rahmel gets nothing
but experience from his lawsuit.
Point Won for Hotel-Keepers.
Ah Jim, famed as the stellar vag
rant of Chinatown, was dreaming his
unhappy hours away | in Portsmouth
square when a policeman found him.
The officer testified that Jim's head
was resting upon the base of the Ste
venson monument and that portion of
the testimony probably had something
to'do -with the sentence of thirty, days
that Judge Mogan, an ardent admirer
of the deceased novelist's works, im
posed upon Jim.*" *
"It is evident," said the Judge,
"that this defendant willfully permit
ted his wife to lead an immoral life
and lived on her earnings, and I see
no reason why he should not be
charged with felony. A detective
should be employed if necessaray to
secure evidence to justify the issuance
of a warrant on that charge and I
hope that the matter will be laid be
fore the Chief of Police."
Johnson was arrested for Ill-treat
ing his wife, who is much younger
than himself, and in defense of his
conduct he pleaded that she was a
wanton. This provoked I the woman to
tell the story . that prompted Judge
Mogan to suggest that the man be
charged with felony.
Michael Johnson must ansrwer a
charge of threatening to kill in addi
tion to the accusation of carrying a
concealed weapon and Judge Mogan
has requested the prosecuting officer
of his court to prepare and press
against the same defendant a charge
of allowing his wife to be an inmate
of an immoral house.
• • *
geles, is held by order of Judge Mo
gan until former Superintendent of
the County .Jail "Jack" Martin ap
pears and testifies concerning the es
cape. .
• • •
J. W. Stark, who escaped from pris
on here and was captured at Los An-
Morgue Surgeon Baclgalupi per
formed an autopsy yesterday upon the
body, of H. Allaire, who '.; committed
suicide In Golden Gate, Park and whose
body was found among the sand dunes
last Friday. He found a Blight wound
back of the right ear, which had evi
dently been made by animals. There
were no other wounds on the body. The
stomach and contents were sent to the
city chemist.
A: H. . Pratt, general manager of the
Ipqultable Life Insurance Company,
called at the Morgue yesterday and re
ported that Allaire had been drinking
heavily for several days and that short
ly before; he disappeared he had forged
Pratt's name' to a check for $5 and had
it cashed by a special poliecman in
Oakland. He went to Frultvale on
Tuesday and collected on a note for
$100 from :J.' Beecher of that place and
appropriated the money to his own use.
When! Mr. Pratt learned of this last
transaction he swore to a warrant In
the Oakland Police Court for Allaire's
arrest on a charge' of forgery.
, The : widow of .; the unfortunate sui
cide called upon Deputy Coroner Mc-
Cormi'ck \ yesterday. She said that her
husband left his home in Frultvale last
Saturday, and she did not see him
again until Monday, when she went to
the Equitable. Life offices in Oakland.
She found him under the influence of
liquor and begged him to return home.
He promised to do so that evening, but
failed to keep his word, and that was
the last she saw of him alive.
Allaire's death was undoubtedly due
to morphine poisoning.
tantalizing way." Mrs. Flores declares
that.Alfonso is still in the city and
that he occasionally, visits his inam
orata's domicile on Hinckley street to
procure money wherewith to obtain
food and other necessaries. Judge
Mogan has ordered the game of hide
and. seek'to continue until the police
man wins It.
Manager Pratt of Equitable
Life Says the Unfortunate
Had Committed Forgery
NO TEACE OF WOUNDS
Labrada Morales, . • who is charged
with having enticed from his home
and otherwise . led astray one Alfonso
Morales, who is young, enough to be
her son, had another hearing in Mo
g-an's court yesterday, but again a con
tinuance was ordered because ( the po
lice again pleaded inability to discover
the whereabouts of the youth, whose
evidence Is essential to the woman's
conviction.
Ever since Labrada was arrested
about -a month ago on complaint of
Alfonso's mother the boy has eluded
a vigilant officer's clutches In a most
Wilfred Stewart, a colored cook
aboard a coast steamer, is. accused of
stealing a quantity of provisions from
the craft's stores and Judge Mogan
heard character testimony in his be
half from some of his. dusky acquaint
ances. One of them said that .Wil
fred's reputation for honesty was "ex
cellent"; another declared it was "ex
emplary," and a third emphatically
pronounced it "exquisite." Wilfred
will be given a chance to-morrow to
tell what he thinks of himself.
to find employment for her in the
country. .Without Informing her moth
er of her intention, she accompanied
him to Redding, where they were met
at the railway station by a woman, to
whom Waldstein Introduced her as the
person that would provide her with' a
place. 1 She accompanied the woman",
Waldstelrl following, them, to a house
she quickly discovered to be disrepu
table, and she at once left it and went
to reside with some friends at Red
Bluff, where she remained until her
mother sent. for her to return home.
This testimony was , corroborated In
part by the mother, who added - that a
few days after her daughter's disap
pearance SJ Waldsteln called j at her
house and stated that he believed the
girl had run away with another young
woman and that he knew where they
could be found. Then the case was
taken up by Detective Bralg, who
discovered the girl's whereabouts,
heard her story and arrested Wald
steln.
The defendant says the girl told him
she was 19 years of age and her. life"
at home was so ¦ unhappy ' that .-. she
wanted to get away. So, prompted by
sympathy alone, ( he obtained her; a
situation at Redding, not knowing any,
more than she did the character of
the house of "which she was invited to
become an inmate. : - ' 'j ' .'
Evidence, for the .'defense will be
submitted to-morrow.
* Judge Cabaniss heard testimony for
the prosecution in the case -of Milton
Waldsteln, accused of enticing 16 T year
old /Annie Louise ; Larsen " : to ;, leave her
home at 337 Bryant street and endeav
oring to persuade her to ; lead an Im
moral life. .
-The girl told of the humble-circum
stances > in which . she {and her •¦ mother
were placed by • her fatherts' death," and
stated that the defendant volunteered
The prisoner, who. is .about 35 years
of age, was a picture of dejection as he
faced the bench. A night's solitary con
finement had evidently . been spent in
contemplation of the position. to which
his Jealous ; rage had led him. He had
nothing to say while In court.
Thomas Fallon,-*who shot and killed
his wife Friday evening in the woman's
"room at 949% Mission street, was ar
raigned In Judge Conlan's court and
his preliminary examination set for
April 9. Walter GallagheV appeared' as
his attorney.
Cooney Williams, colored, who is
charged with stealing a watch from a
man that was reading a war bulletin
posted In front of a newspaper ofllce,
was released by Judge Mogan on a
$1000 bond, the only proof, of theft
against the defendant being that he
pawned , the watch. He was given an
excellent character by Attorney. Por
ter Ashe and other persons by whom
he has been employed.
It is understood Williams' defense
will be that he was given the watch to
pawn by James Snow, a colored des
perado, who is now awaiting trial for
stealing a watch and fiercely fighting
the policemen that arrested him.
• • •
For selling a bass that did not exceed
one pound in weight, whereas, the legal
minimum is three pounds, Joseph Cape-
Iain was arrested by Officer J. C. In
galls of* the State Fish Commission and
arraigned before Judge Mogan.
"You did not catch the fish your
self?" Interrogatively remarked the
court.
"No," replied the defendant; "I
bought it."
"Well, to make this caie complete we
should have here the person from whom
the fish was purchased by this defend
ant," said the Judge to the officer.
"I will get him," was that function
ary's rejoinder.
• • • •
"Ah, a repetition of the old, old
story." sighed Judge Cabaniss after he
had been informed of the ' accusation
against Frances Howard.
The woman was arrested and
charged with pety larceny on com
plaint of B. M. Sargent, a visitor from
the rural districts. He met her last
Friday evening in a Pacific-street
dance hall, wherein she is 1 employed,
and he alleges that she abstracted
from his pocket and concealed the,sum
of $10 without his consent
Miss H%ward reserved her defense
till to-morrow.
The -bold soldier boy was in a saloon
at Market and East streets when Car
ron snatched the chain and everything
fastened to it and ran away, closely
pursued by the complainant. Police
Corporal Egan stopped the fugitive
and charged him with grand larceny.
Carron bears none of the outer
marks of the typical criminal and
after noting, his honest-looking coun
tenance and respectable apparel Judge
Mogan continued the case until next
Thursday, by which time the police
expect to know for certain just who
the defendant Is.
William S. Searl, attached to the
Hospital Corps at the Presidio, places
a pecuniary value of $215 upon the
watch, chain and locket- he- alleges
were stolen from him by Ernest.Car
ron, and that estimate does, not cover
the sentimental side of the jewelry's
worth to its owner.
When they proceeded to uphold the
majesty of the law by laying on of
hands they found that they were con
fronted by a human wildcat, for An
derson struck, bit, clawed and snarled
in a feline manner as he resisted ar
rest. Finally, to accomplish his sub
jugation, the officers were compelled to
beat him upon the skull with their
clubs until their arms ached and he
was a sorry spectacle. When at last
he \ succumbed and was securely
manacled his captors considerately
took him to the City Hospital, where
his head was decorated as described in
the opening paragraph of this true
story. In the meantime other police
men conveyed Shuqulst and Engberg,
who were passive, to the City Prison.
Judge Mogan continued the hearing
until to-morrow, when the three de
fendants will describe the fracas from
their respective viewpoints.
The three defendants were engaged
in a discussion, when Shuquist said
something that displeased Anderson,
who thereupon struck' the bartender j
on the head w-ith a heavy beer glass. I
Then the tailor attempted to disarm !
Anderson, but he was struck by some •
one behind him and he promptly went j
down and out. In the meantime Shu- 1
quist was preparing to smite Anderson 1
in return, when the same beer glass }
collided with his cranium and he, too,
was out of the running. So the
doughty longshoreman was monarch
of all he surveyed until the policemen
entered and so elated was he by his
triumph that he laughed to scorn their
suggestion that he drop his weapon
and surrender.
Fred Anderson's head loomed In the |
prisoner's eagre of Mogan's court yes- •
terday as a horrible example of. what
strenuous resistance to police author- '
lty may lead to. The upper portion
of Mr. Anderson's „ countenance was
swathed in a bandage and the lower'
section bore some abrasions that
served to convey a hint of .what the
bandage concealed. '
It was In a Howard-street saloon
that the job for the surgeon was pre
pared by the trusty clubs of two po
licemen, simultaneously, applied, and
with great f orce. t In the dock with
Mr. Anderson, who is a longshoreman,
were C. Shuqulst, bartender of the
saloon aforementioned, and Charles
Engberg, a tailor. Battery and dis
turbing the peace were charged
against all three and Police Sergeant
Wall and Patrolman Skelly told how j
it came to pass. *
Morgue Officials Satisfied
That H. Allaire, Insurance
•Solicitor, Killed Himself
He Appears in Mogan's Court With His Head
Swathed in Bandages and Policemen Tell of
¦ How He Compelleb Them to Batter His Skull
BELIEVE POISON
CAUSED DEATH
RESISTING ARREST BRINGS
WOE TO BIG LONGSHOREMAN
THE SANTRANGISGO,oCALE;wSUNPAY, APRIL :3, JOOI.
34
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
NEW-
WASH DRESS GOODS '
j .
We have now received our Complete Importation
, of MEW WASH DRESS FABRICS for Spring and
Summer. We will have on sale this week a most
elegant assortment of New Printed Dimities, French
Chalys, Mercerized Foulards, Printed Organdies,
; English Calateas, Shirting Percales, Japanese
Crepes, Scotch Zephyrs, Crash Suitings, White
Piques, Covert Cloths, Scotch Cheviots, Scotch
Tennis Flannels, Madras, Ginghams and Egyptian
Tissues. 'Cv-.;
SIX SPECIAL LINES.
Scotch Cheviots. English Calateas.
300 pieces 32-lncH Scotch 15 cases New EngllsH
Cheviots, -m Stripes and Galateas, In a good range
PlalnColors, Yeru much ° r latest patterns. Thess
in demand for Skirts and H is m rt 3asw ? n 29 J5 c 1 ? p ; s
Shirtwaists wide and ape In Stripes,
aniri waisis.; ¦ _ checks, Dots and Small .
Price 25c Yard FIffUrB ' s . Pricc 15c Yard
Egyptian Tissue. Chambray Ginghams. j
175 pieces Egyptian Tis- 20 cases Genuine Cham-
sue, In Light, Dark and hrau Ginghams, inahout
Medium Colorings. These 200 different patterns,
are In Plaids, Stripes lnclud Ing Stripes, Chects
and Checks. I and Plain Colors.
. Price 25c Yard " Price !2Kc Yard
Scotch Tennis Flannel.
Irish Dimities. 8 GasBS so-men BestQual-
250 pieces Printed Irish itn Scotch Tennis Flannel.
Dlm:tu, in Stripes, Fioral We ha'ye them In all the
Designs and Small and New Colorings, Stripes,
Medium Figures, All Plain, Small and Medium
new Colorings. Checks and Pi am White.
Price 25c Yard Price 35c Yard
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE- GOODS.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STRfifif.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices
, lacUoa or
Oriental Rugs
AND CURTAINS
At IV Per Cent
3>laoo«st iOom rertOAr ratau pz&eaa.
We exe aola treaty tor
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CARPETS
Chas. M. Plum & Co,
Cor. 9th and Market Sts.
I wS\ W wnflciWcaL!
I At Half Price and Less Than Half Price j
Prior to the removal of this department from the annex to Jl
the third floor of our spacious building we are determined to [I
Jispose of every undermuslin garment if price can be made the H'
moving factor. In the of the Sen Francisco merchandis- I
I ing there has never been held a sa.e to compete with this one. 1
It is a conceded fact by women who are economically in- 1
clined that our Underwear sales, at certain periods of the year I
are strong features in our business and always money-saving \
.events, but this occasion presents an opportunity anequaled by H
any former sale. It is true that some garments' are perhaps a f
little soiled and mussed, being in window display and handling in 1
i stock, but it is only a matter of laundering, which, is a small item I
when bought at about half the usual prices.- Jl
Muslin and Cambric Gowns at 68c, 98c, $1.48, $1.95 and $2.50 each. ¦
Muslin and Cambric Skirts at 48c, 69c, 98c, $1.20, $1.38, $2.50 and 1
I $3.95 each. /_../ , . . ' 1
Muslin and Cambric Drawers at 25c, 35c, 48c, 69c, 85c, $1.25 pair." 1
. Corset Covers at 12c, 18c, 29c, 48c, 69c, 89c each. ||
Muslin and Cambric Long Chemises at 98c, $1.25, $1.95. Short 11
Chemises at 35c each. ' 1
Women's Stylish Crepe de Chine and I
Suits. Louisiric Waists I
New creations are here In lm- Sifc^. 'Q^» " F*H*h / I
mense assortments. , As a special V <b *»^«J. L.UOII. ¦
. price leader, -we offer Monday some (Second Floor, Take Elevator.) II
very stunning suits and new che-; A varied assortment of 'high- I
vlots and light -mixtures, with, class, waists, trimmed with lace U
., cape, Eton and -jacket effects, lib- lace insertion and medallions and fl
erally cut and man-tailored. \ colored pipings. With the new fyll |1
A_|- ¦¦-»¦¦— ";il oirk /-£\ sleeves. This Is an exceptional I
; Sale Price $18.50 .$g«x£ < ga?a.g 1 &- black> . I
White Lawn Waists A Great I
The value ¦ of these new and'de- #"*l/*m»#v OMnninl ¦' I
sirable lawn waists Is extraordi- UIUV(5 oDCClai I
nary, and decidedly the lowest . - r . , I
price that can be quoted. : Ifl . I
Months ago ; we '.consummated, III
the purchase? of ¦* the material of - f>A«»*»3-i ni«
/ which these waists are made, and rCTrm lllfiVCS
being manufactured very treason- ¦ vi • ¦¦¦ UIUV(/O.
' ably you. mays now have :the sav- .' ~,_ •_„....^ =-.,,;,
-, ing results from our advantageous: To-morrow. we place. on sale 200 .. |
purchase. ,i Several i hundred, dozen dozen 2-clasp Glace Kid Gloves. In i
White Lawn: Waists, i made ¦ with • white, black, browns, tan," beaver
al^fln^a^^ll^E^r^: andmode' shades.' Regularly sold ,
Y special, price — , - at- $1.26. " . '
1^ 98c Each. I SaletPrice 85c Pair H
l"lf-J ; J^ B " a a*k *" i*^*^.- - * :: - : m' ' \r~\
W^^9>avis&Com
*§ji Cor Seary St and Srantdve. w
\M~ Entrance on Sranfffve* «^
• ¦ ¦ " .¦'¦ ¦ ' " : . .""¦¦-¦'¦¦¦¦'.¦' .- . ' ¦¦ .¦ ¦¦ "¦¦ ¦"¦¦ ¦ ¦ , y . * ¦.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AD VEBTISEMENT S.
|£ V »w>.w»,'u*mMBB« w..tM«»iiiiwi».»Aj^ l tmTiM^ii».wi»>^«»iw»»ii^^*^P^* l **' MM " > *'""-' ' . '^yj^
g|jl|| Children's and
Misses' Coat
/^^l^x Department
/ / 1 1 \ O ur linc °^ Children's and
/ -2& \ W\ Misses' Coats, Jackets and Reef-
{ "^v iu\t » ers arc l^ e P r °ducts of the fore-
\ <cJ/Vi d/^'/ inost European and domestic man-
! V^r y±G& ufacturers — a variety amply satis-
fr VflT^ fy*ng to all who desire styles that
l^*»-^ 'jjf are exclusive in design and prop-
/*TT^'\'y!?, m *%2i crly made. Qualities the best
yf^y .\ •. •:,'>?, y« and prices very reasonable.
<< * v -» -¦"-•¦'¦¦ '. |'-'? .ra CDFOIA!
5 GIRL'S REEFERS, same
; fjS Kg style as illustrated; sizes 8 to 14
! jS .¦•¦'p << years, made of English Varumbo
: ffi ;::^$^' : ' covert cloth, handsomely tailor-
; QpP "'*""$& made; double-breasted; notch col-
lar, trimmed with straps and but-
3 tons- Raglan back; lined throughout with Skin- fttrj n/\
ncr's satin. An excellent $10.50 value. SPE- J}( 9 J\J
I CIAL
Infants' Wear PlLJiiDil
I Department ®^^^M
; Unrivaled showing of infants' / T^J; *\. 1
I wear. Among the new spring / ]? X f
styles for babies are dainty dresses, ft 1 ' ; I i\ '
» little bonnets and hats and light- >ty4 )<///
I weight reefers of pique, flannel A^ Sg»/f
and cheviot. Everj' need for the /? "^' \
! little one may be secured here in / / ¦ |. 1
! greatest variety and at the most / « jl ft. I t -
\ reasonable prices. C. » m . i\\
i BABY COATS, same style .as
illustrated, made of fine quality of - '
! pique; box front; Monte Carlo back; sailor collar trim-
med with embroidery and feather-stitched braid; lined
i throughout with wash cambric; sizes 3 months ft ft rrt
I to 3 years. An excellent $4.00 value for wZl 0 U
* Children's
Summer Dresses
Such variety — so main' dainty-
styles — exceptionally well made and
such reasonable prices. It does not
pay to buy the material and make
them when you may purchase the
ready-to-wear dresses for so little
DRESSES, same
style as illustrated, made of Toile de
Nord gingham, in dainty checks and
solid color of pink and blue, neatly
trimmed with nainsook embroidery;
sizes 6 months to 2 years. Pn n
An unmatchable value for OUC
j <£gp*'
Children's and P^^i
Misses' Muslin /WSi^
Underwear Dept. hirrpff' 1 '
j CHILDREN'S NIGHT- 5& 1/ff 'SKjJ
GOWNS, CHEMISES. DRAW- % ; if, fl, *Jf%S^>L
ERS. CORSET COVERS and f %'''' /fvJTf>tSl
. SKIRTS, manufactured in our V M 'i/y/^f/')^
j own workrooms and retailed at \ «A /.{/• 0\ *.].'
I wholesale manufacturers' prices. If • ,uy I* if % |j
S you are not already buying chil- C^^|f / &f y x \
\ dren's undergarments at our store . £$$y 1 \\ < .
you should not fail to interest j 25* '//
\ yourself in our prices, as you will/ fijf 'j> .
I find them to be more reasonable ' <^ s . \\ if tt
than it would cost you to make ' ! ' '¦•' >J '
¦¦ the garments yourself, notwith- " "^T?*^,
j standing the fact that we use the & J A!t\.. "'-^P^
best materials and the most dur-
\ able trimmings.
CHILDREN'S and MISSES' GOWNS, made of good
! quality of muslin; square yoke of clusters of tucks and hem-
stitching; neck and sleeves trimmed with narrow hem-
4 stitched ruffles.
j Ages * 2 3-4 5-6 7 to 16
Price 5Oc 60c 65c 75c
CHILDREN'S and MISSES' KNICKERBOCKER
DRAWERS, made of Canton flannel; trimmed with dairity
patterns of embroidery.
Ages J-2 3-4 5-6-7-8 9 to 16
Price 25c 3Oc 35c 4Oc
(3feSwm}4?
\ 918-922 MARKET STREET
! Our new 64-page Spring and Summer Catalogue will be sent
! free to out-of-town customers. >
! We are exclusive Pacific Coast agents for the "ARNOLD"
goods, formerly Bold by Mrs. Ober.
v^SfiT-a&VM u N ; m ?rrsra ; 1 1 ei,i -* vk*-$UI
1 / EXPEBT OPTICIA1T. . 1 N
Insanity '^
And Many Bodily HI* Ara Often the Ba-
salt of EYE STSAZ2T and XJgtax
of wronsr aiasaes.
Eye Beauty Eye Health
Fve Rest Eye Comfort
Georre Mayerlo's Glasses Streasrtien taa
Eye and Brain. /
Georre Mayerle's German Eyewater, toy
MaU. 62o.
A WOirDSBTTTXi EEMEDT.
8ISTER MARY BAPTIST. Sister of Mercy.
Grass Valley, writes: "My eyes h&v« maclj
Improved by the ug« of Georsr» Maywle's O«r-
man Eyewater, and I heartily Indorse It."
SOMETHING EKTXBXXT 2TEW.
George Mayerle'a Eyearlaas Wipers; India-
pensabls to eyeglass wearers; give flaases •
*oothlny and strengthening effect. Instantly
relieve the strain, blurrtns and tiring of th<»
eyes. Do not scratch the lenses. Glva bright
and dear vision. Price 13c. 2 for 25c.
Georre Mayerle's Antlteptlo Syerlan
"Wipers. 15c; a for 25c.
George Mayerle
German Expert Optician, opposite Hibersla
Bank. 1071 Market st. Eyes
E3CAMI1TED FBEE.
Open evenings until 9. Phona Sooth STt
J
Ktdghts of Tara.
On Wednesday evening: next th»
Knl jhts of Tara of this city will give a
ball in Union Square Hall, preliminary
to a picnic to be held at Fernbrook
Park on the 17 th inst.
To Be I
Absolutely |
Sure g
of 1
Coffees 1 I
SplCGS |
Baking Powder |
and r|
Good Things a
to Sat I
Extr a premiums |
.his week |
It pays |
to traoo ij
'•¦;.'. at I
Great African Importing Tea Co.!
R 8G1 Market 210 Grant , ave. 1419 Polk fi
Bill) Sixth 1S19 Devtsadero 7n5LarkinH
g --"."> Halrht '3«O»J Sixteenth :¦:">¦ Hayes S3
¦ 3"ST> Mission f.21 Jlcnti;' ave. .".2 itarkPt m
¦ 2COS Flllraore ".".1»; Mt«don . 14G Ninth ¦
m 36« Third *5«32 24th 4CJ> Fourths
Is the only cure for Kervona amS
. . • Bronchial ASTHMA. - I
i- ¦'.-: Tour Prugslst or at MS MIAIOHT 8X«'. The owners of a certain/ train, noted
for having an •' unparalleled dining car
service, some "time ago adopted, the, hap
py, plan ; of .asking passengers t to, record
their Impressions ~ in a ., log-book. And
now the "California 'Limited*- 'Log- Book
is s known wherever travelers, assemble.
.To -have a name; written "there is to » have
had an unique experience in* good ¦.travel
ing.-,v ¦ .¦?..¦¦ ",-¦ -.-:- ¦ >-,-: ¦ ¦¦-':'.
>:¦" Ask "about -the trip -to , the : St. Louis
Fair at 641 :Market- street, 1 San -Francisco.
The : Santa Fe is the Best s Way. •
Is .Your ' Name ;,Written : , There?
Mrs. Mary. Rooney Falls read.
Mrs. Mary Rooney, who resided wi^h
her husband ,'at ; 1721% - r Mission street,
died suddenly at 3 p. m. yesterday ¦ at
a * second-hand , furniture ¦ store : at : 189
Valencia street, presumably of heart
disease. She had gone to the store
with.her two .little' children -to sell a
mattress ; to R. H. f; Larsen, -; proprietor
of the store, , and collapsed. . Medical
assistance was sent ' for, r but ,bef ore / a
physician arrived she was dead. The
grief of .her little children made the
scene a heart-rending ; one., Her:hus
band is '; an electrician employed ! in the
Union Iron Works. ,-¦,'.
, Chief - Wittman ''has been conducting
an V investigation as to why Policemen
Gardiner- and ' Chappelle; did hot discov
er • the^burglars'Jthat broke into' and
looted ; the saloon of D. r " E.- Collins™ . First
and t Mission', streets, \ on; March i 21. As
a result of" his", investigation .'charges ;of
neglect of duty have J been preferred
against \them ;.' and t j Policeman X G; ¦, W:
Nightingale, .whoi relieved Gardiner. It
Is"- said, thatythe,' officers, have not been
patroMng^ their beats. r V :;
Charged .WitliJXeglect of/Duty.
.. George M. Pinney, stockbroker and
clubman, who was recently sued for. a
large sum of money and an accounting
by Delia G. Mahoney, yesterday filed
an answer to Mrs. Mahoney's suit. His
answer is simply an announcement
that as he, under a decree of the Cir
cuit Court, is a bankrupt, he is not lia
ble for any judgment.
Bankruptcy Saves Pinney.
Movement of Colonists.
According to a statement issued from
the offices of the passenger department
of the Southern Pacific Company yes
terday the total number of persons
who have availed , themselves of the
existing colonist rate to visit California
daring this year is 11.798, of which
number 6141 came West by way of
Ogden, 377 viaLos Angeles, 4263 via
El Paso and 1017 through Portland.
The daily, average was 380.6, as
acalsnt 361.9 for the same time last
year, when the total number of colon
ist arrivals was 11,213.
Grand Blossom Day Festival
At Ban Jose, . Thursday, April 7. Round trip
tickets from San Francisco, Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley. $1 75. Other points, one and
one-third ' fare. Tickets rood on trains arriv
ing at Baa Jose April 7; good to return same
or following day. Ask Southern Pacific
wall. ¦ •. ' •
With ihe aid of a microscope any one can see
what appear* to be Kilt edge on the best steel,
but a blind man can discover ¦ ."Bllt edge" on
the best whiskey — "Old Gilt EJgs." •
The estimate of the Board of Public
Works covering the; expenditures /re
quired during the next -fiscal, year will
be filed with .the Board of Supervisors.
The' statement x is in' the'hands of the
typewriter and will be a -voluminous
affair. ¦
Hoard of Works* Estimate.
Golden Gate Commandery No. .16 of
the Knights Templar k has accepted an
invitation to attend; divine service in
the First.' Congregational fc Church
this evening, when , the. Rev. George
C. Adams will officiate. The members
of the commandery' will assembleat
the asylum I and in : full /P&mplar Uni
form, except swords, will • march to the
church, leaving the asylum at 7:30 p. n^.
Commander R..'W. 'Campbell has noti
fied all/ Sir K Knights ¦": to invite their
friends to attend these service's.
Knights at Easter Service.
• C. T. Arper of .763 Forty-third ave
nue, Oakland, reported td Coroner Le
land;yesterday that his father, Thom
as Arper. 79 years of age, had been
missing since ; last . Tuesday. . morning
from:'; his residence, at .'339 : Fifteenth
avenue, Richmond • district, and was
last seen wandering among, the sand
dunes. -The ''"missing', man is reported
to '• be'.- deranged. \
Thomas . Arpcr Missing.
B. C. Carroll obtained a, Judgment
for, $ 5 00, against W.. H. H. , Hart yes
terday, in Judge Seawell's court. Hart
owed the money ; to John ¦ Partridge, a
publisher, for advertising: the merits
of the Miiiarette miningr district. , He
refused to pay Partridge : and the " lat
ter asigned his claim' to Carroll.
Gets ;* Judgment. Against.. Hart.
The police were notified and charge
the burglary to a gang of crooks they
claim has been working in the West
ern Addition for some time past. De
tectives were detailed on the case.
The home of C. Holtman at 1809
Page street was burglarized some time
Friday afternoon. The thieves worked
In the absence of the family and se
cured plunder to the value of- $300.
* The members of the family were all
out and believe that the burglars must
have been cognizant of their move
ments. When they returned at 6
o'clock they were startled to find the
house completely ransacked. The
thieves searched for money, evidently,
but did not secure any. A sealskin
Jacket belonging to Mrs. Holtman
was taken, also a lady's dress and
some men's wearing apparel, aggre
gating in value $300.
Plunder of Value of $300 Is Stolen
From Home of C. IIoKmnn in
Family's Absence.
DAYUGHT BURGLARS ROB
PAGE-STREET RESIDENCE
A suit to set aside the sale of a piece
of realty on Lombard street, near
Powell, was filed yesterday by G. L.
Fitz against C. S. White, Walter Sut
ton and Edward Hanson. It is claim
ed that White, in 1893, being pressed
by his creditors, deeded the property
to Hanson to be held by him in trust
for the creditors and that subsequent
ly, after Hanson had left the State,
the property was sold by Sutton to the
San Francisco Lumber Company, of
which he is a representative. Fitz, to
whom the creditors of White assigned
their claims, wants- the sale set aside
and a receiver appointed to resell the
property. - " '
Fitz Wants Sale Set Aside.
SIcClurc Returns to Prison.
I John E. Davis, a guard at the Ohio
State penitentiary, arrived here yes
terday and started East, with John
Davjs, alias Howard McCIure, an es
cape from that institution. McCIure
escaped in 1889, after having served
six months of , a five term for
breaking open a postofllce. He after
ward served'a term'in the penitentiary
at San Quentin for .burglary .and on
the expiration thereof was taken into
custody 1 by United States Marshal
Shine. ',.'";-¦ ' : -\l-" ' "¦ . '. . -.-/.
Justices' Clerk McComb returned yes
terday to Auditor Baehr several salary
demands of city employes against
whom • Judgments j have been secured.
City Treasurer!- McDougald refused to
cash the demands on the advice of City
Attorney Long, who held that, the
Auditor must draw a demand in favor
of ;the . judgment" creditor, less/ the
amount exempted from execntion by
law. As Baehr does ¦ not desire to be
the judge of what sum the judgment
debtor should pay, he will refuse to
draw such demands, and the ; matter
may go to the courts for further ad
judication." . . • '
Demands of Judsrment Debtors.
Paragraph 1 of section 488 of the
Postal Laws and Regulations has been
amended by limiting the weight of
first^dass I mail packages : fully prepaid
to four pounds. Heretofore this class
of matter could be. sent, fully prepaid,
at any weight. The weight of second
class matter,, fully prepaid, still re
mains unlimited. The amendment ap
plies to registered "matter as well.
Weight of Mails
Assessor . Dodge's deputies have
been busy during : the last | week , pro
curing a. list of the owners of auto
mobiles with a view to putting the
machines on the assessment roll. " Al
ready 400 not'ees have been sent to
owners of automobiles in order to
place a valuation for them on the as
sessment blanks. The names of the
owners were secured from the records
of" the park commission, which li
censes the machines to run through
Golden Gate Park. As the machines
are assessed at one-half their value
the sum of approximately $175,000
will be added to the roll by such as
sessment. '
Assessor Dodge Will Add a Consider
able Sum to the City's Revenue -
, by Taxing the Machines.
PUTS MANY AUTOMOBILES
ON THE ASSESSMENT ROLL
The new infantry target range back
of Fort Baker probably will be in full
working order by the middle of the
week. The telephone lines connecting
the range with Fort Baker and also
with headquarters are practically com
pleted.
Orders were received from the War
Department yesterday ordering Major
John R. Williams, adjutant general of
the Department of California, to report
to the commanding officer in the Phil
ippines. Major Williams is unable to
say when he will depart, as it depends
upon the movements' of Major Albert
Todd, now at the Presidio, who has
been ordered to Washington to relieve
Major Samuel W. Dunning, who has
been ordered to this department to re
lieve Major Williams. Major Williams
has been stationed here at .headquar
ters for the last seventeen months. Be
sides being an efficient officer and sol
dier and being held in high esteem by
his brother officers, he has made a host
of friends among the civilians here by
his courtesy of manner and his all
around good fellowship.
The band of the Philippine scouts
left for San Jose yesterday afternoon,
where they were scheduled to play at
a concert last night. This afternoon
they will give a concert at Stanford,
and to-night another concert at Red
wood City, returning to this city Mon
day in time to play on the hospital
parade grounds at 3 o'clock and again
at 5" o'clock. Lieutenant Joseph C.
Brady is in command of them during
this tour. No orders have beerTiipceived
here as to the time the scouts will de
part for St. Louis, but probably it will
be earlv next week.
Take His Place.
Major Williams Is Ordered to Ma
nila and .Major Dunning Is to
voir and placed in a rough pine box.
It was fully clad. The dead girl had
not even removed her hat before
plunging into the water. '
A jury was selected from the em
ployes of the cemetery and the tak
ing of testimony began. Olive David
son, the. 13-year-old daughter of A. H.
Davidson, assistant: superintendent of
the cemetery, was the last one to see
Kate Bessler alive and her testimony
was most valuable. She said that on
the afternoon of March 22 at 5:30
o'clock she met the girl on an
electric car bound • for the cemetery.
Upon reaching Cypress Lawn they
both alighted, and," owing to the rain.
Miss, Bessler offered the child shelter
under the umbrella the first named
carried. They walked along the road
until near the reservoir and there Miss
Davidson parted company with her
new aquaintance, taking another road
that led to her ' home. During the
brief walk, the child says, her com
panion appeared to be nervous and ex
cited and frequently glanced back
ward.
"I -thanked her - for her kindness in
sheltering me from the rain," said the
little girl, "and she said good-by and
DEPARTMENT ADJUTANT
GENERAL TO BE RELIEVED
$2.50 invested in Le Roi mining stock
made $3350; $2.50 in Calumet made
$3850: in Portland is now worth $250.
We have better promise than any of
them had. Send us $2.50 for first pay
ment. At any rate write us to-day. El
Dorado Co.. 517 Parrott bldg.,.S. F. •
Invest $2.50.
F. de Lanton Booth-Tucker of New
York, commander of the Salvation
Army, arrived here yesterday and is
registered at the Occidental. He is
.making a tour of Inspection of the
various branches of the army on this
eoan and expects to remain here for
He was met by Colonel George
French of the Salvation Army of Oak
land and with the latter arranged an
itinerary for the next three days.
This morning General Booth-Tucker
will visit San Quentin prison and ad
dress the convicts and in the after
noon he will hold a meeting at the
Mecdonough Theater in Oakland and
another in the same place Jn the even-
Ing. Monday forenoon will be devoted
to conferences in this city and in the
evening he will address a meeting at
the Alhambra Theater. On Tuesday
he will meet all the officers of the Cali
fornia division of the Salvation Army,
about 350 in number, and in the even
ing he will address the members of
the Chinese Baptist Church. While in
this city the general will also care
fully examine the plans of the army
for the establishing of an indust4il
school and Inspect a lot on the corner
of Fourth and Natoma streets, which
the organization purposes to purchase
t.» a Bite for the new school building.
Noted Kvangelist Is Making a Tour
of Inspection of the Pacific
Coast.
GIRL WHOSE BODY WAS FOUND
1 IN RESERVOIR AND MAN WHO
[ IDENTIFIED IT.
GEXKRAL BOOTH-TUCK ER
OF SALVATION ARMY HERE
The body was taken from the reser-
Kate Bessler chose the silent city
of the dead as a fit place in which to
end her existence and find eternal sur
cease from the sorrows that beset her
young life. Her dead body was found
floating on the placid waters of the
reservoir in Cypress Lawn Cemetery
early yesterday morning.
The mystery that surrounded the
disappearance of the unfortunate girl
on March 22 from the home of S.
Jesson, 1215 Lagnna street, whose
ward she was, has been cleared and
suspicions of foul play have been prac
tically dispelled. Within the ceme
tery where Kate Bessler ended her life
her remains are to be interred, to
gether with the secret of the motive
which prompted the rash act.
The discovery of the body was made
accidentally by W. E. Carre, one of
the assistant superintendents of the
cemetery. While walking through the
grounds near the reservoir, situated
about a quarter of a mile south of the
main entrance, > he was startted, to see
a body floating in the reservoir. Upon
coming nearer he found that It was
that of a woman, and the distorted
and swollen features, framed in a
wealth of auburn hair, were a ghastly
sight. Carre communicated with Su
perintendent McPherson and Coroner
Crowe of San Mateo County and the
San Francisco police were then noti
fied. The Justice of the Peace of the
township, E. E. Cunningham, ap
peared in the Coroner's stead and con
ducted the inquest.
SEEN BY A LITTLE GIRL.
A recess was taken at this juncture
to await the arrival of S. Jesson to
Identify/the . remains. He arrived in
company with Detective Coleman and
unhesitatingly declared the body to be
that of his ward, Kate Bessler.' He
was examined by Justice of the Peace
Cunningham and_ told of/ the disap
pearance . of . the deceased, from his
.house and the discovery of a note ad
dressed to him, asking him to request
her sister to call and get her belong
ings. He explained that she always
called him "grandpa," but-he was not
a relative. He -told of the/home life
of the girl and gave" it ; as his opinion
that too close attention to household
duties and study, had overtaxed her
physically and mentally. From him
it was learned that the deceased had
often visited the cemetery with Mrs.
Thompson, whose husband Is buried
there.; . .. - '..'-.. ..
The jury then retired jand returned
a verdict that the deceased had come
to her death from drowning and that
she. had taken her' own life while' suf
fering from mental depression.
Notwithstanding the verdict of the
jury,' it Is understood that Mr. Jesson
will have . an "autopsy performed to
ascertain the exact cause- of death.
From the evidence at 'hand the girl
left her home at 3f30 p. m. on Tues
day; March 22, and after j returning a
book ,-to the Public Library boarded a
car for the cemetery.
continued up the road. ¦ The day fol
lowing one of the laborers found an
open umbrella near the reservoir, but
nosuspicion of the tragedy, was enter
tained." . . ,
DUE TO WORK AND STUDY.
Judge Graham yesterday issued an
order restraining George Ryan, an em
ploye of the Pacific States Telephone
and Telegraph Company, from draw
ing his wages until the court deter
mines the rights of his wife; Anna, to
the money. She has sued him for main
tenance.
; Samuel R. Johnson, who was mar
ried to Mary E. Johnson at' Reno just
four years ago, is of the opinion that
his matrimonial venture is a failure.
In a suit for divorce he claims his wife
had called him a ."dog-faced" man and
threatened to brain him with a frying
pan. • \ £2 \>
Rosa -J. Glannini wants a divorce
from Henry P. Gianni ni on the ground
of desertion, alleging that he" aban
doned her in August, 1902. They were
married in 1S97.-
He Files an Action. for Divorce, Al
leging That She Called Him a -
'•Dog-Faced'' -Man.
JOIIXSOX ASSERTS IUS
WIFE CALLED • HIM NAMES
While the question concerning the
building was unsettled it was (difficult
to hasten the work of collecting - the
exhibits. That difficulty has .been
overcome: The building will .exactly;
accord "with the original plan*
Smith ". P. Gait, a prominent St.
Louis lawyer, has the ' proceedings in
hand. He, has advised the San Fran
cisco 'committee that Recovery ought
to be had on the bond furnished by
Schlueter when the original contract
was signed and that San Francisco
ought to be able also" to recover on ac
count' of the : damages resulting from
delay.' , . - .-- ''-:"'
" When all these facts were presented
to the San Francisco Board of Trade
Directors' A. A. Watklns, president of
the board, urged that the organization
stand by the committee. His vigorous
remarks were followed by the vote of
the directors to contribute $1000 to the
exhibition fund. The suit against
Schlueter will be pushed.
The fact is that at the end of the
period just before the exposition gates
are to open there is great demand for
buildings and it is difficult to get any
contractor to take in new work. The
New York' parties who have taken the
San Francisco contract have proceed
ed with great speed.
The next day after the .contract was
signed a force of men was at work
grading the site for the San Francisco
building. Two days later thirty car
penters were putting up the frame oC
the San Francisco structure, which
will be completed during the present
month.
When the first contract was let it
was supposed that as the majority of
the large buildings for the exposition
were practically completed there
would be a lull in the building-oper
ations on the exposition grounds and
also an accumulation of unused ma
terial and that both of these circum
stances would serve to make construc
tion from that time onward quick and
economical. .
Mr. King found that Schlueter
would n*qt do the work, even when an
advance of $1200 was offered above
the original contract price by San
Francisco. The sum of $13,000 would
not move Schlueter- and he said that
he would not do the work for less than
$18,000. Secretary King communi
cated with the executive and display
committees in San Francisco. When
it became apparent* that Schlueter
would not act new bids were adver
tised for "and a new contract was let
to Caldwell & Drake of New York
for $16,250, an advance of nearly
$5000 above the original contract
price.
- It is supposed that all the organiza
tions will now stand back of the com
mittee that the credit of the city may
be sustained by having everything at
St. Louis relating to San Francisco on
a good scale. The members of the
finance committee say that there is
urgent need of the aid of the public.
Real estate is principally benefited by
the growth of San Francisco. The ex
pectation is that realty owners will
aid the San Francisco exhibition at
St. Louis liberally.
The suit brought against Schlueter,
the Chicago contractor, is for $5100.
The papers were served on Schlueter
while L. M.\ King, secretary of the
general committee, was. in St. Louis.
The contract of Schlueter -with the
San Francisco committee for the enic
tion of the San Francisco building
made the price $11,800. T. C. Jud
kins awarded the contract and he
came home with the expectation that
the work would be started at once.
Schlueter, however, refused to carry
out the contract.. When. this happen
ed, as has already been exclusively re
ported in The Call, Secretary L. M.
King was instructed to go to SL Louis
and ascertain what could be done.
WOULD NOT DO WORK.
The San Francisco Supervisors ap
propriated $15,000 to cover the cost
of the San Francisco building. There
has been subscribed by citizens an ad
ditional $17,500. The San Francisco
Board of Trade has just voted to con
tribute $1000 to the fund. Five local
commercial bodies took part in the
formation of the general committee
that was intrusted with getting up a
creditable building and show for San
Francisco on the model street at the
SL Louis Exposition. These bodies
are the San Francisco Board of Trade,
the Merchants* Association, the Man
ufacturers* and Producers' Associa
tion, the San Francisco Chamber of
Commerce^ and the Merchants' Ex
change. Each body named ten of its
members to make up the general com
mittee. 5
Two important matters concern the
committee that is providing a build
ing and exhibit for San Francisco at
the St. Louis Exposition. The first
is the urgent need for more, money,
the subscriptions, including the. sum
appropriated by the San Francisco
Supervisors, not coming* within $10,
000 of the mliftmum amount that is
necessary for success. The other mat
ter is a suit the committee ha3 begun
in St. Louis against the Chicago con
tractor, Henry W. Schlueter, who re
fused to carry out a contract that was
made by his agent, C. D. Wines, for
the construction of the San Francisco
building on the exDOsition grounds.
Local railroad men, who have been
speculating on what the future had
in store for B. A. Worthington, as
sistant to the general manager of the
Southern Pacific Company, now that
his chief has received an appointment
in Chicago, had their curiosity grat
ified yesterday. In the forenoon a
* ircular was issued by Director of
Maintenance and Operations Julius
Kru'ttschnitt announcing . that the
>©ung San Franciscan had been ap
pointed to the position of assistant di
rector of maintenance and operations
of the Harriman lines, with headquar
ters in Chicago. The promotion is one
that seldom falls to a young railroad
man, for in assuming his new posi
tion Worthinffton advances over the
heads of a number of E. H. Harri
man's most prominent officials, who
will now receive orders direct from
him.
As assistant director of maintenance
Worthington takes rank with E. O.
McCormick and Ben Campbell, the as
sistants of Traffic Director Stubbs in
Chicago, and will outrank the newly
appointed general managers of the
Southern Pacific, the Union Pacific
and the Oregon Short Line and the
Oregron Railroad and Navigation Com
j-any.
The circular announcing the ap
pointment states that Worthington
will devote his attention to questions
of through freight and passenger
schedules, assignment and distribution
of motive power and equipment "and
such other matters as may be assign
ed to him." Worthington does not ex
pect to leave here for about a month,
the plan being to have him remain
here until General Manager Mark
¦ ham becomes familiar with his new
duties.
. BfTTE, Mont., A^ril 2. — The Inter-
Moutnain to-day ays: "Information
from reliable sources is to the effect
that General Passenger Agent Francis
of the Burlington will succeed Charles
S. Fee, the retiring general passenger
agent of the Northern Pacific Rail
road."
Irancis Will Succeed Fee.
"Another point in connection with
the redemption of the bonds is that
the Board of Supervisors will be able
to apply the $25,000 heretofore appro
priated for interest and sinking fund
on the bonds to some other purpose.
That amount. will be available to re
pave accepted streets or for any
municipal betterment the board may
elect to consummate." ':>'-
-[ "There is one significant circum
stance connected with the redemption
of the park bonds," said . Mr. Mc-
Dougald. "Although the face value of
the bonds amounted to $250,000, the
actual sum paid out in interest at 6
per cent during the thirty yeara of
their existence aggregated the enor
mous total of $450,000. It cost the
city exactly $700,000 to issue the
bonds, or in other words it took
$700,000 to do $250,000 worth of con
struction work on Golden Gate Park.
City Treasurer McDougald yesterday
paid out an additional sum of $25,000
on the park improvement bonds of
1874, the redemption of which had
been fixed for April 1, 1904. Mc-
Dougald stated that the publication of
the article that the city was ready to
wipe out its only municipal debt was
welcome, reading to several banks and
private holders of the bonds, who had
quite overlooked .the fact that they
were now redeemable.
Mrs. Emma Ames and her husband,
A. H. Ames, filed a suit yesterday in
the United States District Court to re
cover 525,000 damages from the Cali
fornia and Oregon Steamship Company
for injuries alleged to have been re
ceived by her at the hands of Thomas
Davis, a waiter on the steamer Alli
ance, last October.
The complaint alleges that on Octo
ber 17 Mrs. Ames was outrageously as
saulted in her stateroom on board the
Alliance by Davis, an employe of the
company, and that she was so weak
from seasickness as to be unable to
defend herself against his attacks. It
is recited that on the preceding day
Mrs. Ames secured and paid' for a tirst
class cabin passage .from San Fran
cisco to Portland for herself and three
small children, the youngest being only
four months old, relying upon the as
surance given by the company "that
it would furnish care, protection and
attention and opportunity to retire to
the cabin at night in separate berths
under the protection and care of the
said steamship company and its serv
ants and employes."
After setting forth the circumstances
of the alleged assault by Davis, the
complaint charges the company with
negligently and carelessly failing to
furnish to Mrs. Ames proper care and
protection to her damage in the sum
named.
Bert Schlesinger filed the complaint
as attorney for Mr. and Mrs. Ames.
After the commission of the outrage,
as alleged by Mrs. Ames, Davis was
allowed *o leave th ; steamer at Eu
reka. She complained to the ship's
watchman shortly after the assault,
and said that no- heed was paid to her
story. *
Davis was arrested in San Francisco
several months afterward by United
States Secret Service Agent George W.
Hazen, the Federal authorities hav
ing detailed him for the purpose of ap
prehending the culprit. Davis had
shaved off his mustacne, which made
a material change in his appearance.
He was found frequenting a cheap
wine shop on Montgomery street. He
denied having committed the crime of
which he was accused and pleaded not
guilty yesterday morning in the United
States Circuit Court. His trial was set
for April 1L
If convicted, it will lie in the discre
tion of the jury whether Davis shall be
hanged or suffer life imprisonment.
Board of Trade Contributes
Sum of $1000 as Share
for Making City's Exhibit
Supervisors Will Have the
Suni of $25,000 Available
for Public Improvements
Given Position With Juris
diction Over the Gigantic
Transcontinental System
Pleads Not Guilty of Capital
Offense Charged and His
Trial Is Set for April 11
PROMOTION ANNOUNCED
TROUBLE AT EXPOSITION
B. A Worthington Receives
Appointment in Chicago
Office of Harriman Lines
San Francisco Committee
Has Claim of $5100 Because
of Breach of Contract
WAITER DAYIS ACCUSED
Demands $25,000 Damages
for Alleged Outrage on
Board Steamer Alliance
INTEREST 7IS' EXOB3IOUS
City Treasurer McPougald
Continues Work of Wiping
Out the Municipal Debt
Unfortunate Girl Ends Her Sorrowful Life on the Day
She Disappers by Plunging Into the Water---The
Remains Are Found Floating by an Employe
SUES BUILDER
FROM CHICAGO
REDEEMS MORE
OF PARK BONDS
KRUTTSCHNITT'S
NEW ASSISTANT
MRS. AMES SUES
FOR LARGE SUM
RESERVOIR IN CYPRESS LAWN YIELDS
UP THE DEAD BODY OF KATE BESSLER
Pages 35 to 48
Pages 35 to 48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY,; APRIL ,3, 1904:
;_;^"O '/r/Sk '- ''~ ' ' ¦-• ¦''•'¦ ' ¦'¦
; . A s sunny , ; room, a \ light and
airy ; apartment, makes, .life
worth living.. V,v ;"'.-*, ,. ; k-
'J. " There I a re many such : rooms
and "-' apartments advertised 1 in
ROOMS TO IiET and APART-
, MKNT-HOUSE- columns:.OAg^AKp BAQgTKAOK— SATURDAY, April 2.— Weather ; nne. ; Track good.
0342. FIRST RACE— Six furlony; tftlllng;: 4-year-old« and up; '.value to 'flrtt,' |325.
Ind«l Horse and Owner. WtBt. «4. «. %.:Str.,Fln. [ Jockey. Op. Cl.
6496 Pencil Me. 6 {J, N. Mounce).. 102 1 ... 1 H 1 1%2 %'l.iT. Vanderbout « H-2
6448 . St. Rica, a (D. Murphy) 103 2 ... «£2n 4 1 2 % R«ed ...... B0 60
»2?0 Chileno, a (Btastngame Bros.) 102 6 ... ,4 1V4« h 1 n 3 h Crosswalt* 6 6
6530 Tononah. a (E. Schlff) 107 9 >....» 9 Oh 4% Otis....... .4 «
-fijeo UHo*. a (E. TIerney) ...106 8 ... T> 8n 7 2 6n Holbrook •.. 6 9
6806 Jean Oravler. 4 (Becker) ...... 107 3 ... 8 n 7 2 5 % 6 0 I. Powell.. . 4 B-2
6806 Seaforth. a (W. A. Redmond). 108 4 ... 2n 4 2 3 1-7 n J. Jones.... 20 30
522S Waterpower. B (H. Stover) .... Ill 6 ... 6 2 B V, 8 2 8 % See ......'.". 4 6
* 6832 W. Overtoil 4 (Knebelkamp). 103 7. ... 6n 6n 8 9 P. Phllllpt. 10 • •
•8494 El Pllar, 8 (A. A. Haskell) . . . 09 ¦.:....., ...^.. ... H. 8mlth.. 20 78
Time— :24,V:43%, 1:1B%. At post % minutes. Off at*2:14%. Pencil, place. 11-B; show. 1.
, Rica, .placa. 20; show 10. Chileno, show, 3-2. Winner ch. g. by Rancocaa-Nancy Oary.
\ Trained by, W Cains." Bcratched— Sollnus. Kubellk.; Start good.. Won In a .hard -drttt.
of four. Pinoll Ml enjoyed the best racing: luck. St. Rica a surprise. Chileno. showed
Improvement and might have won If Cross watte had not lost so much ground In stretch
>turn. Tonopah a tlow breaker. Powell on Jean Oravler put up' a' Wild, weird, -ghastly
ride. Seaforth' had early *J& e &-^VQ' x JP°*[*J^°_b'_1_ do: _*Left. _ ' -I ' ¦_^,^-^-,1^^'
0543.. SECOND RACE — Six and a half furlongs; selling; 3- year-olds up; value first.. $325.
Index Horts and Owner. Wt St.: % . %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op.* Cl.
6510 Ocyrohe. 3 (Mrs. Coffey) 97 3 In 2 2 1 % 1 1%1 3% Crosswalk 8 8
6390 Colonel Van, 6 (D.S. Fountain) 105 8 .7 h 7 2 6^62 2 1% Bonner 8-2 8
C47*. St. Wlnnlfrlde 4 (Painter) 99 6 3 % 3 3 1^2 2 3 2% Sherwood .. 6.8
6211 Geo. Berry. 3 '(Bottger & H.). 106 2 6 1#4 2%4 h 6 3 4 % Buxton .... 10 . 15
(6610) Hulford 3 (H. Stover): 101 7 4h 6n 7 3 3 n 8 4 Knapp J 5
4566 Sweet Tooth' 0 (W. Cahlll) . . : . 108 12 1%1 h 2 1^44 h 6 4 J. T. Shehn 12 ' 16
6447 Solon, a (T." H Ryan).. ...... 107 9 » 9 8 2 7 2 7 6 jVlckery -.".. # 15 2f>
6379 Oeheimness 4 ' (Schreiber)... . 85 6 5 h 8 n 8 h 8 1H» Vi |M'LaughIIn 15 40
0470: Ethel Abbott. 3 (Mrs. Miller).. 93 4 8n'8n 9 9 ¦.- ..9 |J- Jones 20 28
Time — :24. :48%- 1:14%, 1:21V*. At post 3 minutes. ; Off at 2:48. Ocyrohe, place, 4-5; show,
2-6. Van. place, 1; (tow .1-2. Wlnnlfrlde, show. 1. Winner.' b. c. by Dr. -McBrlde-Ocy- •
- pete. : Trained by; J.'- Coffey. >: Scratched — Dung-annon. Colonel :. Ballantync. Start good.
I Won In a gallop. Next two driving. '.-. Winner, away well, was never In dtfflcultles.
j Colonel Van came In from the suburbs. St.- Wlnnlfrlde ran a fair race. 'Hulford was on
the rail 'in the poor going. Sweet Tooth had speed and will do later on. Oebelmnesa
extreme overland route. _ ,
C344. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; purse; 3-year-olds; value to first, 1325.
Indexl VHorse and Owner. ~ Wt8t. %. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
C509 Gateway ! (T. W. Lottrldge). . Ill 8 ... 4 1 '8 % 34 l'l See ........ \ 6 6
8400 Don Domo (J. F. Newman).. 114 2 ...• 1 h 1 2 13 2 2 Bonner .... 7-10 7-10
043» Ananias (J F. Schorr) ...... 112 4 ... 3 1 4 2 4 2 3 5 Otis, ....... 8' 8
**?«2 H. U Frank (D. Cameron) .. 109 8 ... 2 1%2 1^2 1%4 n I. Powell... 6 8
6510 Red C. Nurse (D. A. Ross).. 107 1 ... 6 6 ft 5 8 Holbrook .. 12 30
6446 Y.. Pepper, (F. J. O'Rourke).. 104 6- ... 8283616 Knapp .... 15 20
Time — :23. :49%. 1:08. At post 2 minutes. Gateway, place. 8-5; show, 3-6. Domo. place,
.'- 2-8; show. 1-8. Ananias, snow. 7-10. Winner, br g. by Del Paao-Seco. Trained by T.
. W. Lottrldge. Seratchea — Atwood. Telephone. Start good. Won In bard drive. Second
Mopping-. Third easily. Gateway stood . a long hard drive and stumbled not far , from
the wire. Bonner took too many, liberties with Don Domo and his horse tired nearing the
- stand. H. L. Frank quit under indifferent handling.' Red Cross Nurse can do much
better. : . # ' . . ¦• ' • /• . '
6343. FOURTH RACE— Fut. course; Oebhard hdcp; 2-year-olds; l«t. $2490; 2d, *400; 3d, $200.
Index| Horse and Owner. IWt St. Std. #. %. Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
6495 Sea Air <T E McLaughlln).. 105 1 ... lh 12 1 n 1 ns Knapp 15 16
6495 George P. McNear (H. Stover) 113 2 , ... 2 % 3 2 2 M 2 1% See .15 20
6329 Peggy O'Neil (R. A. Smith).. 107 6 ... 6%613h32 Larsen 12. 18
•6S29 Pinkerton (B Schreib*r) 121 3 ... .7 1^,5 2 4 2:42 Boland 8-8 3-2
(i»19) Head Dance (El Prlmero 8ta.) 109 7 ... 8^7 1J46 nUn I. Powell... 6 8
(G49."i) Arisbe (Napa Stock Farm)... 117 10 ... 9 4 83 7 3 6 1 Otis ... 4 5
6323 | Bose Eley (Blaa'game Bros.X 111 8 ... 4n 2h 63 7 4 J. T. Shehn 6 7
(6471) Salable (Blaslngame Bros.).. 109 0 ... Sn 4 1^2 86 Mountain . t t
0483 Ben Eric (A. T. Dobson) ...... 100 4 ... 3h 94 84 9 % Bonner 10 7
C495 Inspector Halpln (Schreiber).. 106 9 .. .10 10 10 10 P. Phillips. t t
Time— :23t$ :4S, 1:12. At post 2 minutes. Qff at 3:42. Sea Air. place, 6; show. 3. Me-
Near, place 8; show. 4. O'Netl. show. 3. Winner, br. f. by Pirate of Penzance-Fra
grance. Trained by J. Stern. • Scratched — Prince Brutus. Start good. Won In a hard
drive of three. Sea Air and McNear drew the outside . positions and had all the racing
luck. , Latter stretched It out to-day. If not pocketed part of route Peggy O'Nell could
. have won. Plnkerton flat footed when barrier was sprung and hustled along for a po
sition. Later he was pockoted. getting through when too late. Arisbe off poorly and
no chance. Bose Eley quit. So did Ben Eric. Head Dance ran well. *Los Angeles in
dex (6465). tCoupled with Bojie El'y- l^^PJl 3 , wl . th . _ F _ lr L k ? I ? 0 J'; • ._
U51U. FIFTH RACE — One and a quarter miles; selling; 4-year-olds up; value to first, $325.
Indexl ', Horse and Owner. IWt St. U. *j. H- Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
(M23T Byronerdale 4 (J. M. Crane) . . |103 4 1 2%1 1U1 l'ljl 1%1 2 Knapp .... 3 3
(6185) L Crawford. 4 (Schreiber). . 103 3 3 % 5 l.*$3 h 3 1^.2 3 P. Phillips. 2 8-fi
C52H Expedient a (P E. Smith).. 104 24h 6/ 4>i«l 31% Bozeman .. 6. 7
6497 I O U 5'(W. Chappell) 101 6 0 2 % 2 2 2 1 4 3 |J. T. Shehn 10 7
6521 Idogo. '.'» (C. McCafferty) 1O4 5 2 «J 3 h 5%53 8 6 Bqnner.... 15 W
C523 The Fretter. a (F. Q'Rourke>.. 110 1 5 H 4 % 6 6 6 lOtls 8-2 7
Time — :25"4 :5l 1:17 l:W-li 2:00V«. At post l^J minutes. Off at 4:00 I /J. Byronerdale, place.,
1: show.' 2-.V Cra'wrord. place. 7-10; «how, 1-3. Expedient, show. 4-5.. Winner, b. g. by
Jim Gore-Brlganza. Trained by J. Dixon. Start good. Won easily. Next two driving.
Winner probably bent. Phillips tip-toed Lacy Crawford from start to finish. Too much
early use made of I O U. Idogo gave out. The Fretter was bumped In stretch turn, but
ran a ridiculous race at that. * " _ ¦ _ ¦ _„_-._- .- ~-~^-w~~~~~o_rT_r-»->-l-«-»
0547. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
Indexl Hone and Owner. (Wt St. »j. \j. %. 8tr. Fin. Jockey. I Op. Cl.
I .64Sri Axmlnster 8 (Randall) ..106 2 4n 4h 47 2 1 12 Boxeman .. 0 ;S.
«010 Hainault 5 (Thomaa A Co.).. 1041 C 2 H 2 3 1 % 1 2H2 2% Buxton .... 2 9-5
C531 Mocorito.. a' (J Ryu) 1061 3 53 2 S W *4 4 7 3 1 Holbrook .. 8 . 9-2
«4S5 Forest King. P (Jones & Co).. 112 1 1 1^1 n 2 2 3 V, 4 16 J. T.' Shehn 7-5 2
5ff90 H. Honey 4 (Leach & Cook).. 107 5 31 54 BC 58 5 0 Otis ....... 10 ir,
C52-1 Moor, 5 (V. Gilbert) 103 4 « 6 6-6 6 P. Phillips. 30 30
Time— :26. :50%, 1:16. 1:42U-' At post 1 minute. Off at 4:34. Axmlnster. place. 5-2; show,
1 Hainault' place 3-6; show 1-3. Mocorito show. 4-5. Winner, br. h. by Kingston
• Sllverdene. Trained by W. D. Randall. Start good. Won going away after a drive.
Next two driving^ Axminster warmed up very sore, but Bozeman gave him a hustling
rid* and he forgot his Infirmities. Hainault ran Forest King to a standstill and later on
. grew wear}". Mocorito ran a fair race. Heather Honey not ready. Moor had no speed.
• ST. PAUL, .Minn.',-" April 2.— y.W. WlUey.
for several ynars agalstant land commissioner
for the Northern '¦ Pacific.^" retired to- day.v It ; is
understood th«. office will be abolished. ..', '
MEMPHIS, Aurll . S.— Montgomery Park re
tulta:-:,- -- -• -/^--. ••'.--="¦•-•..,;
- Ftr»tV race."; mlt«— Censor j won, -.- Easy •¦ Trade
second. Leura Hunter third. Time. 1 :43>i. .
. , Second , race. : six : f urlonrs-^AIsto won, ; Idle
¦econd, Dl«k ' RlpUy third. ,' Time, ,1 :17.
-V; .Third ; race, mile— St. Tammany .won, Some
nos second. Barklemore third.* Time. 1:43%. •
- Fourth race. . Ardelle etakea, four furlonc*—
Mlaa Inez s won. Ch arley ' s . Aunt ' second, Lady
KHlaon third..- Tlmcv :S0%. w .. • :
«¦* Fifth "- race^^ steeplechase,- ¦ about two miles—
Melbourne Eclipse - won, 1 Fiariner's Foe second,
MysUc Shriner -tMrd.-> Tinsel 4 :M. . _
' Sixth p race,? ilx if urlon»»—Irt«h Jewel won,
Ou» ¦ HeidoTB "' second, ¦ Cloverton > third. Time,
1:16%. - - _ _ x®Bg9xmm&mz <
Racing at Memphis.
The association f ootbalj match
played yesterday afternoon on the
ground -at St.'-. Matthew's School, San
Mateo, ' bebreen teams * representing
the Thistles 'and the Oakland Hornets,
was won by, the Thistles with a score
of '2 goals r to 1. . :
The- gTound. was hard, and some
what pebbly, uwhiletheT grass growing
on It rendered it slippery. .'The game
was a , Bomewhat'.slow one, but r was
watched with interest by the St.; Mat
thew's boys. -The 'goal scored t|y Ithe
Hornets |was /kicked : '_ by ; one . of . the
Thistles ;. by error.\- Olarver;; Turner
and a 'third member - of the Vampire
team y played for the Thistles. The
Hornets'; eleven was ; not wholly;com
posed of members of that club. Dun
can was ; captain 'of ¦; the v Thistles and
McKenzie;of;the Oakland Hornets.
THISTLE FOOTBALL.ERS '
DEFEAT THE HORNETS
Action of the Washington Park Of
ficials Is Considered a Slap at the
, Winter Books.
CHICAGO, April 2.— The report
that too much notoriety had been at
tained in the past by the Washington
Park Jockey Club through the early
Issue of the entries to the American
Derby and other stakes was con
firmed to-day when Secretary Howard
gave out the following statement.
"During my absence from the city
and since my return a great deal has
been said and written In regard to
the non-publication. of the entries for
the American Derby and other stakes
of the Washington Park Club for
1904. I .wish to say that the.boardof
directors does not intend to make pub
lic the entries until a reasonable time
prior. to the cunning of the Derby on
June 18.
•Th'e Washington Park Club and its
race meetings are so well established
that it does not require any advertise
ment- of its entries until a short time
before the holding Of the. meeting.
The number and quality of, the entries
are fully up to • the • standard of pre
vious years. I believe all the Chicago
trades will have, as successful meetings
this year as. have been held in the
past.; ' J. HOWARD,-: Secretary." "J
The action of the Washington Park
Club officials in, withholding the Derby
entries Is considered a direct slap at
the .winter books.
the price against Colonel Van receded
£com 2% to 3. Sweet Tooth for a
time made matters interesting for the
favorite, then the latter assumed the
lead, winning In a gallop at the finish.
Bonner, away . poorly ' with Colonel
Van, gradually moved "up from the
rear division, disposing of St. Winni
fride for place honors. Hiilford ran
a poor race.
Any route or any sort of distance
appears to suit Gateway, for he low
ered the colors of Don Domo. the
famous Texas streak, In the five and a
half furlong dash for three-year-olds.
It , was« reported on change that the
Texas sprinter whs good, so the books
took no chances, laying -7. to 10 from
the start.
1>ON 3IOMO IN THE LEAD.
It was all Don Domo for the first
part of the trip, Bonner continually
peeping over his shoulder to see how
far back the others were. In the run
home Bonper turned wide on the turn
and generally rode a sloppy < aort of
race. Willie See, on Gateway, took
the rail route and after passing the
paddock had the favorite wobbling.
Sixty yards from the wire Gateway
stumbled and even then downed the
first choice a length. ¦. H.- L. Frank,
under the tutelage - of Powell, tired
early, losing the show to Ananias.
Nothing ever bothered Knapp.
astride Byronerdale, In his. circuit. of
the bases in the mile and a . quarter
selling number. 'Three to one could
be "obtained at .all "times f about the
Crane entry, and he won from start
to finish. Lacy Crawford, the' 8 to 5 1
favorite, took the place, three. lengths
before , Expedient. v'^Tne Fretter ran
an unfathomable race.
For X.horse that figured out. such a
certainty\and : was ?- so ';¦.¦:¦ substantially,
backed, Forest King, made a most in
different showing; In the concluding
mile selling r run.. Racing out . in . front
with Hainault for half/a mile, the Ore
gon horse suddenly seemed .to have all
of the game he wanted/ Hainault 'then
went on, looking all over a' /winner,
when Bozeman,. on ';. Axmlnster, came
.with a rush, scoring ,> by' t«'o" lengths.
Mocorito disposed, of - Forest King for
third place. Sheehan . rode <¦ the Matter
horse.
NOTES OFjTHE TRACK.
Twenty-one books .cut in and" there
was pkinty, of business for. all. : ;
Besides piloting' -the v" stake i winner.
Sea v Air, Knapp* J. followed / this \ up .. by.
landing Byronerdalejni front. 1 - :
Sea Air \ racedHnUhe ; colors ¦ of T. E.
McLaughlln, the fofrher owner, of Mike
Rice ; and ', others. _; M.*'.* D. ' Miller Jowned
the ' filly , ; up Vtq - Frld»Vi"nlgfht,"» when he
disposed', of her/ for? $2500^ and ! one-half
of 'the first "jpurseTor -stake she might
win, so it is reported.; !, v
f Walter, Jennings ? will ship ; his stable
of sixteen , horses ' East itbrnlght. Walter,
will follow, on 'Tuesday next.
AMERICAN DERBY ENTRIES
WILJj NOT BE ANNOUNCED
Woods Practices Infighting.
Billy Woods is practicing infighting
a pood deal these days. Biddy Bishop,
his manager, was impressed with the
notion that Woods would shine at this
particular style of boxing and as a
result the sturdy colored wonder Is
doing plenty of this kind of work
when he dons the gloves with his
6parrlng mates. With the great
strength Woods possesses and his
Munroc-Jeffries 1-iffht in Jeopardy.
CHICAGO. April 2. — Jack Munroe
and Jim Jeffries may not meet in San
Francisco next month in a battle for
the world's championship after all.
Harry Pollock, manager for Jack
Munroe, arrived in Chica&o to-day.
He made this statement: "There will
be no fight between Munroe and Jef
fries if Graney Is named as referee.
I cannot be persuaded to allow him to
officiate." As Jeffries is said to favor
Graney to the point of refusing: any
other man to referee hi3 next battle,
H is possible that the Jeffries-Mun
roe battle will never be fought.
Blessings are hidden In the blows of
pain. . s
PORTTiANI> IS VICTORIOUS.
LOS ANGE1.ES, April 2.— Portland
won to-day's game from the cham
pions In the tenth Inning. The final
score was 1 to L Up to j the tenth
Inning it was an even thing. While the
champions hit Iberg more freely than
the visitors connected with Baum's
curves, they were, so well scattered that
nothing came of them after the third
inning. In the tenth, arter Freeman
had singled and had been forced out
at second by Francis, Steelman singled
to right field and Cravath allowed the
ball to roll between his feet and go to
the fence. Before he could recover it
Francis scored. A single by Iberg a
moment later won the game for the
northerners. Baum pitched first-class
ball up to the tenth inning. Attend
ance 1500. Score:
Los Angeles — Portland —
AB. R. H. P. A. AB.R. H. P. A.
Brnrd.cr 4 0 16 0 Dren, of. 3 . 0 0 1 0
Flood.2b. 4 0 0 3 2 WCrd.rf. S 0 0 3 0
Smth. 3b 4 0 1 2 2 Xdeau.U. 4 0 18 1
Crvth.rf. 4 0 13 1 Castro s 4 1 1 8 2
Rosa.lf.. 4 0 2 2 V Beck 2b. 4 0 0 2 2
Chase.lb 3 0 3 6 0 Frmn. lb 4 0 S 10 2
Ton»n.«s. 4 0 0 2 3 Frnca.Sb. 4 10 10
Sp'.es,c. 4 1 2 C 0 jitlmn c. 4 1 2 3 4
Baum. p. 2 0 0 O 2 Iberg." p. 4 0 1 2 3
»N*ewtn .10 0 0 0
1 Totals. 3« 3 8 SO 14
Totals. 34 1 10 30 10
¦Batted for Baum In tenth Inning.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Angeles.. 001 0000000—1
Base hits ..112101102 1—10
Portland OOO0O01O0 2 — 3
Base hits ..100020200 3 — 8
SUMMARY.
Stolen base — Iberg. Errors — Flood. Cravath,
Castro. Iberjr. Two-base- hit — Freeman. Sac
rifice hits — Chase. Baum. First base on errors
— Los Angeles 1. Portland 1. Left on bases —
Los Anrcles 0. Portland 5. Bases on bails —
Ott - Baum 2. off Iberg 1. Struck out — By
Bsuni 4, by Iberg 4. Double plays — Baum to
Toman; Cravath to Spies; Freeman to Castro;
Toman to Flood to Chase; Iberg to Canro to
Freeman. Time of game — 1 hour and 55 min
utes. Umr>!re — O'Connell.
In the presence of a large number of
yachtsmen and their friends the new
sloop Corinthian was christened and
launched yesterday at - Frank Stone's
shipyard at Harbor View. Miss Alma
Halnes, introduced by ex-Commodore
John W. Pew, -performed. the ceremony
of christening the boat, breaking a
large bottle of champagne against- her
bows, f-
A few minutes before 4 o'clock In the
afternoon the sloop slipped gracefully
down the creased ways into the water.
On board were Frank Stone, Vice Com-;
modore J.; C. Brickelli ; Jack - Short,
Douglas Ersklne and two or three oth
ers. The yacht was taken in tow by a
launch and was* brought to a mooring
to the east of the Fulton iron: Works,'
near the British steamer Argyll.
Among the well-known . yachtsmen
present at the launching were ex-Com?
modores J. W. Pew, Harry D. Hawks
and It. S. Brldgman; ex-Vice Commo
dores * G. T. S. White and Andrew
Thome, J. J. Dwyer, E. N. Short, Com
modore T. Jennings, George B.' Edgar,
A. G. A. Mueller, Percy Burr, T. J.
Kavanaugh,, George Story and Orlo
Eastwood. . \
As the yacht lay on the water it was
seen what a freak she is. -Her mast is
set almost amidships and her forestay
LOS ANGELJES. April *— The elgh
ty-»«venth <S&y o* ***« Ascot Park
meeting tras marked by perfect weath
er, a large attendance and the success
of six favorites. The public carried
away larjre sums of the bookmakers*
money, as every winner was backed,
two of them, Masedo and Golden Min
eral, for an unusually heary amount.
llasedo opened at 5 to X. In the first
race, but was backed down to 7 to 5
at post time. He won easily from At
lkntlro and Victoria S.
Golden Rule broke a long string of
defeats by winning the second race,
over the Siauson course, In easy fash-
Ion. Pat Bulger was lucky to get
through oa the last turn and took the
place from Barrington. which sold at
dual favoritism with Golden Rule.
The handicap hurdle event went to
the favorite. Nitrate, with Milas a close
second and Carador third. Slays fell
and severely bruised Jockey Mooney.
' Gulden Mineral was made favorite In
the fourth race, over a good field, at
a mile 'and a sixteenth. Callant and
Straggler made the running until with
in sight of the wire, where Golden Min
eral came through and won handily
from Straggler. Callant was third.
Mezzo, played down from 6 to 3 to 1,
trailed his field, in the fifth number,
to the last sixteenth, then came on and
•won by a length. Buccleutb, at equal
edds. was second and Farmer Jim
third.
Mr. Robinson, at 2 to 1. took the last
race, leading all the way. El Oriente,
from a poor break, ttok the place and
Profltabl* the show.
Weather fine: track fast. Results:
First rao», three- jre«r-olils and upward, flvo
furlong*— M*xdo. 100 (W. Dusas). 7 to 5, won;
Atlantico. 03 (L«wl»). 3 to 1. second; Victoria
S. 110 (Johnson). $0 to 1. third. Time. 1:01 >>j.
Hercules. Headwater. ExnGhee, Rose Leaf.
Vagic Flute, Maud Browne, Brick Fowler,
Ro«e Farr. Klnloch and Red Horse also ran.
Second race. thre*-yeax-o4ds and up. Slau
ron course— Golden Rule. 128 (Prior), 2 to 1.
won: Pat Bulger. 104 (Dug^n). 4 to 1. second;
Barrl&rton. iw (Lewie). 0 to S. third. Time.
1:10. Golden Boy and Nervator also ran.
Third nac»>. tree handicap, hurdle, four-year
old! and up, one mile and an eighth, over
four hurdles— Nitrate, 15S (Schimmel), « to tt,
'wc»i; Mllas, 163 (Sullivan). 8 to 5, second;
Caudor 125 <Otl«). 10 to 1. third. Time.
2:<CV Quldado. Gray Morn, May S and Can-
Dell a'«o ran.
Fourth race, free handicap, for three-year
old* and upward, one and a sixteenth miles —
Golden MineraJ. 96 (Lawrence). 7 to 2. won;
Blrajtirler 106 (Booker). 4 to 1, second; Cal
lant HKJ <F>icht>. 6 to 1. third. Time, 1:48.
Carnival. Platoniut, Foncasta, I-Abor and Dr.
6horb aJso ran.
Fifth race, three-year-olds and upward, seven
furlongs — Mezzo. 99 (Lawrence). 3 to 1. won:
Bueele-Jth 106 (Prior). 3 to 1. second; Farmer
Jtm. 108 (Felcht). 3»4 to 1. third. Time, 1:2S.
Neko. . Uaureata. Dollie Weithoff and J. V.
Klrbj" also ran.
Sixth race, three-year-olds and upward, one
mil* — Mr. Robinson. 108 (Lawrence). 5 to 2.
»on: El Oriente. 105 (Morgan), 3 to 1, eecond;
Profitable. 1C2 (Fltrpatrick)- 50 to 1. third.
Tiire. 1 A21,. Dark Secret. No Friend, Turtle.
Fu*!e Christian. Landseer and All About also
ran.
is two feet inboard. She has two com
panlonways leading to her cabin, which
is curved in somewhat the same fashion
as that of a whaleback steamer. She
fs already fully rigged, and when her
sails have been bent on will be ready
for a trial trip.. That she is a remark
able looking boat all who have seen her
agree,, and the general opinion is that
she .will be r a marvelously fast
sailer "or a complete failure. Sh« cer
tainly looks like a witch. The Corin
thians are hoping that she will sail like
one; ¦, - - , "' " '¦ ¦ •
She is, at; any rate, the strangest
looking yacht ever . seen on -.the waters
of San Francisco Bayi not : even except
ing the catamaran Duster and the late
E. A. von Schmidt's Whirlwind. W." G.
Morrow's sloop" Challenger, the winner
of the Perpetual Challenge cup ta 1902
and its holder at the present time, was
considered at the. time of her launch
ing somewhat of a, freak,. but she is not
a circumstance to' the Corinthian. How
the good yachtsmen who form the crew
of the new challenger . for the San
Francisco Perpetual cup are going to
stay on her deck in, rough weather is
a mystery, which, as well as her weath
erly qualities and speed, can only be
determined by time and trial.
speed, together with his natural liking
for rough and hard fighting. It is
thought he should make as much, of a
success of It as Young Corbett or any
of the other great lnflghtexs. Woods
Is & fighter of the Young Corbett or
der, but he Is much faster and Is a
harder man to v hit He covers up well
and his leads are possessed of much
speed. Bishop Imported a sparring
mate for Woods, who Is just the man
for. Billy to practioe "close lighting"
on. The new addition to the stable
has improved Woods In this style of
fighting a good bit. The boxer's name
Is Arthur Williams and he halls from
Jamaica, and he is a tough, rugged
fighter of the Walcott type. »
Sea Air, a I 6 to \ Shot, Ridden by "Big Bill' 1 Knapp,
Noses Out George P. McNear for the- Gebhard.
The last biff steke event of the rac
ing season, the Orebhard handicap for
two-year-olds, decided over the Fu
turity course and worth' $2490 to the
winner, resulted- In a dazHlingr upset
yesterday at Oakland v track.
Sea Air, a daughter of Pirate of
Penzance, ¦ carrying 105 pounds and
piloted by "Big Blir. Knapp, led from
the start, and In a fierce drive gained
a , nose decision over George P. Mo-
Near, a 20 to 1 shot, with See In the
saddle. Then third, one length and a
half back, Peggy O'Neil, : another de
spised outsider, ridden by Laraen, took
the short end of the stake. ' Pinker
ton, the black crack from Barney
Schrelber's stable and the public fa
vorite, finished next. • .
Arisbe, the second" choice, which
Otis succeeded In getting: away from
the barrier last, ran sixth. '. V$'3-.
RAGE IS NOT TRUE RUN. ? ; ,
Unquestionably the condition of the
track had everything to do with the
result and It could not . be called a
true run race.
On the back stretch) the track next
the rail was slow and cuppy, -which
gave the starters drawing the outside
position a decided advantage.
The Schreiber pair,". Pinkerton ..and
Inspector Halpln, ruled "pronounced fa
vorites, notwithstanding the former car
ried 121 pounds. Arisbe, unfortunately,
drew the rail position, and at 5 to 1 had
second call. Ben Eric, Head Dance and
the'Blaslngame duo. Salable and Bose
Eley, were the best supported of the
others. Dick Dwyer sent the young
sters 'away nicely aligned, and almost
Immediately Sea Air and George P.
McNear, the two drawing the outside
positions, shot away In the lead. Bose
Eley. once edged McNear out of second
place, but could not hold it. McNear
stood a furious drive the last sixteenth,
but Sea Air was not lacking, in game
ness, and Knapp, riding one of his best
finishes, received the verdict. Peggy
O'Neil, after getting out of a pocket,
closed fast, taking show honors. Bo
land on Plnkerton was pocketed for
nearly an eighth of a mile on the- back
stretch. Arisbe never had a chance.
FIVE FAVORITES LOSE.
Although the weather was cloudy and
threatening there was an immense
crowd present. Five favorites were de
throned and the books reaped a har
vest, a raft of money being lost over
the downfall of Don Domo.
If Powell furnishes many more ready
made saddle effects like that on Jean
Gravler, favorite for the introductory
sprint, he will cease to b*e a favorite
with tfie common people. Whether it
was the fault of Powell or the black
horse may never be known. At any
rate, Jean performed wretchedly, and
to his rider was accorded the credit for
the 6am% Pencil Me, at 6 to 1, with
Vanderbout up, led throughout; beat
ing the 60 to 1 shot St. Rica a neck.
Chileno ran third.
Ocyrohe was the next winner. The
Coffey entry dropped in the .betting
from 3 to 2 to 1 favoritism for the
six and, a half furlong number, while
GOLDEN RULE WINS, BREAKING
A LONG STRING OF DEFEATS
NEW CHALLENGER, CORINTHIAN,
IS LAUNCHED AT HARBOR VIEW
PI N KERTON , FAVORITE, AND ARISBE, SECON D CHOICE, PLAY I N ILL LUCK
THE: SAN FRANGISGO .SUNDAY; APRIL 3, 1904.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
36
JLDVEBTISEMEtfTS.
v 1 / / The worst disease the world has ever known, and the greatest
\VF^§p&HiM/ / scourge to the human race, is Contagious Blood Poison". One drop of
\\ k w }[/ the virus of this loathsome disease will pollute and vitiate the purest
>/ %%M>- an^ healthiest blood, and within' a short time after the first little sore
; M %iia^»L appears the system is filled with the awful poison ; the skin breaks out
W fflkln/^w * n a re(^ ras^» e g^ an^ s °^ tne groins begin to swell, x the throat and
M mout^ become ulcerated, the hair and eyebrows dn>p out, and often the
/ '^Jf^/('Mf *' r / entire surface of the body is covered with copper-colored splotches, pus-
'¦ J^'rvji\v'*' * tular eruptions and sickening-looking sores and abscesses. Many a
man has been cut down in the prime of life, or his health so impaired by this vile disease
that usefulness is destroyed, and he becomes a burden to himself and an object of pity to
the rest of mankind. Contagious Blood Poison is the most annoying, humiliating and
degrading of all diseases. It is as treacherous and elusive as the serpent. Under the
mercury and potash treatment all ,
external evidences of it may disap- l "J compelled by a sense of gratitude t,o te.u
tA jT*"™:: . . • 1 j if OT1 of the &*** good yonr remedy has done
pear, and the Victim misled, be • v^a \ \ } rn9 ' -A-mong other symptoms I was severely
buoyed up by false hopes of a cure, 2£&MU TriTjT^^
while the disease mav even then /ife©^2S^^>^H system; my blood was thoroughly poisoned
have fastened its fangs in some j^^|ffl| £-£35?^Cn'dolt
Vital Spot Within the S}-Steni, Where \ <\PS? nad EOre throat, ernptions, splotches and other
if is dointr it<; do«;tnirtive work tin- vVifl^OlrkS^M^W/ evidences of the disease. I was truly in bad
It IS aomg US aestrucuve \\oriv UH shape when I began S. S. S., but the persistent
seen. Mercury has arrayed against *^vSnSrE^ m Sm*x' - aso of it brought me out of my trouble, safe and
it thousands upon thousands of |*^
phj'Slcal wrecks and Chronic mva- S. 8. S., and to recommend it to all Blood Poison
lids who have been do«;ed for vears "ff* 1 "^ 3 . sincerely believing that if it is taken according to directions
lias WHO na\ e Deen aoseu ior ) ears and given R fair txigJ^ i( . wm thoroaghly eliminate every particle of virus,
and their Systems Saturated With no matter how severe the case may be.
these powerful drugs, Only to be Oreensburg, Pa,, June 16, 1908. JAMES CURRAN.
harassed by constantly returning *
S3*mptoms and confronted with unmistakable traces of blood poison years after. As long as
your blood is tainted with this awful virus you are a source of infection and danger to all
who come in contact with you, and your children will carry in their veins the same dreadful
contagion. As long as there is life in the serpent there is danger in its fangs, and so: long
as any signs of Contagious Blood Poison remain there is danger of infection. Safety lies in
crushing out the life of this loathsome disease and killing the serpent, and" no remedy
known does this so thoroughly and permanently as S. S. S. It is an antidote for this
peculiar virus that spreads through the system, defiles the blood and contaminates all
healthy tissues and threatens every organ and part of the body.
S. S.S. contains no mineral of any description, but, is'
/^^^ ff^^^J guaranteed entirely vegetable, and we offer $i,ocx> for proof
l.^^^^ v^^^^ V^^iw at s n 9tVJust as /we represent it to be. -^It'leavesfno^
a<^ after-effects, but purifies the blood and at the same time?
W^ f |^ j J fc^, y j builds up your general heajthr In chronic or lpng-standing
L^""^^ *%iZ^ir case's of blood poison, where the stomach and digestion have
,^^ mi^^ m^^ been damaged by the use of minerals, S.S.S. will: prove;
an excellent tonic and appetizer and helpful in restoring strength and activity to'all parts;
of the system. Kill the serpent, crush out it&lifej'or you are apt to feel the bad effects of
the disease all your life. If you will write us fully about your case, our physicians will
gladly advise without charge, and mail you a copy of our home-treatment f book telling « all
about Contagious Blood Poison, its different stages - and ' symptoms, and a lot of . interesting^
information about this formidable and muchnireaaed disease. .
£ THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA, GA.
ADVEETISEM2NTS.
THE KENTUCKY FARMER AND BREEDER
Published at Lexington, Kentucky, the center . bf the World-Fwnons
Blue Grass Region, the Hnb of the Horse World and the
Capital of the lire Stock Interest*, offers you
AN OPPORTUNITY
To Secure $12,000.00
A novel plan to obtain subscriptions — $12,000.00 , given away to those
who subscribe ; . for the best weekly published for,, farmers and
breeders. If you^ 'subscribe for; The Kentucky Farmer
and Breeder and select ' the first three > horses hi the
BROOKLYN HANDICAP
YOU MAY SECURE
$12,000.00
A fortune may be your reward.
The Brooklyn Handicap, the srreatest race of the year, will be run
May 26. The names of all the horses eligible to start are published here-
with. : '¦ .
Send $1.00 for a six months' subscription to The Kentucky Farmer
and Breeder, select the horses you think will finish first, second and
third in the Brooklyn Handicap, and if your, selection is correct you
will be given $12,000.00, or that sum will be divided between you and
such others as may select them correctly. \
If you desire more than one opportunity to select the first three
horses you can send as fnany selections as you wish — for each $1.00 for
a six months' subscription you may make one selection; for $2.00 for
a year's subscription two selections; or have the paper sent to a friend
and make selections for each six months' subscription, for which you
• send $1.00.
; WHY WE ARE ABLE TO GIVE AWAY $12,000.00 :
The Kentucky Farmer and Breeder Is the .most", valuable- paper for
horsemen, breeders, farmers, published. We want and intend to have
an international circulation and have deposited In The Lexington city
National Bank, I^exington, Ky., $12,000.00, to be given away In
accordance with these terms to secure new subscribers.
DIVISION OF OUR. $ 1 2,000.00 AWARD
The award of $12,000.00 Is divided in two parts; $10,000.00 Is to go
to the person or persons sending In the correct list, of of the
Brooklyn Handicap; $2,000.00 is to be divided -
i In three Parts— $1,000.00, $750.00 and $250.00— OFFICIAL ENTRIES
among the three persons who send in the first
correct lists— that Is, if three correct lists ar* McChesney. 5 123
received. Africander, -i IX
For example, if but one correct list is re- Irish Lad. 4... 12s
ceived the person sending it In wlll^be awarded The^cket.^4™'..*I".U9 -
the entire $12,000.00. If only two correct lists Major Daing«rfleld. a.lio
— I are received those sending t ' 1 A-i'*"4*"*"iM '
CERTIFICATE * them iri will be given $5,000.00 eIw^j. illliw ;
OF DEPOSIT each plus $1,200.00 to the one Shorthose. 4 ..-.us v
Amount whose list was received at our
$12,000.00 office first and $800.00 to the Lord of th« Vale. 4.HS ;
Lexington. Ky.. second, makink the; $12,000.00 Acefun. * v^r-»-5g'*
• March 28, 1004. i n all.- If only three correct aiizzen*. 4 m ""
,J hl 'J!,i ocert!lir -lists are received each will re- Whorier; 4 113 ;
that THE KEN- , ... . t . ,. n Grand Opera. 5 Ill
TUCKT farmer * ceive one-third or the 510,- igniter. 5 m •"
BREEDER bas <ic- 000.00, or $3,333.00, and in Dalesman. 4.. lit
posited Twelve 1\hou- ..,„„„ 4 i,. __ a ,.k.. o laftor Proper, 4 110"
sand Dollars ($12.- addition the one whose .letter EuK cnia Bnrch. 4....ii»> :
ooo.co) with thi* first reaches us will be given Button*. 4 ...... too ,
tank, to be a««<j in $1,000.00, the second one Red Knlgftt. 4 - J°» .
payment . of awards IllX. «_ ¦, .... ..»_, j * n ~nnn Highball. 3 .........105
to subscribers -who $750.00, and the third $2a0.00. .Grey Frtar. 4 ...105 *
shall be successful in O r in other words the first will Claude, 4 -....105
naming the three '¦_-»;,' •! ill nA th#» *tn>i\nA Captain Buckle. 4. ..105 '
flrtt horses in. the receive $4,333.00. the second , BMfinlb€rt> 6 ,/. ;0 4 : -
order' Tn -which they .$4,083.00, and the third $3,- Hamburg Belle, 3.. .102
finish in the Brook-* .»• nn ».._ th<« vnn will *pp Rostand, 4 ....... V. 102 -
lyn Handicap and ° 83 - 00 - From tnig you Will see New York. 8 102
for no other purpose, that it. will be to your advant- puisuo. 3 loo..
Payments to be martc r»o to send in your estimates Embarrassment, 4.'. .100 *
In accordance wita f . City Bank, 6 .100'
decisions of the 'com- at once. Flying Torpedo, -6...10U .
mittee having , th« if no one makes a correct South Trimble. 5... .100
matter In charge. D «i~.t«^« n, n full «nm miU Onatas, 4 100
J. w. stoll,. selection the full sum will ¦ Ttobora ' a^ 4 ..99
Cashier. LBXiNO- be awarded to him or those Delhi. 3 ..:'. 08
?P6 V KA C iL T g A^K- «hose selections arc nearest gg^Si^: --S
correct. Stalwart. 3 97"
In making the award the time when the let- Colonial Girl. 5 « .
ters are received at this offloe will be considered. c^nn^n^BkiU i!*!!!! »c •
Each coupon as- it is received will- be plainly Ormonde's RJghtJi!! M
marked in ink, with the date, the hour and" the 1^ 1 ' - 3 ""'"-* -
minute of'receipt, and will be Dreaerved until Basefsi, 3 .......'.'..'. w ~
the race, has been run and the award made. Orthodox.. 3 M
. — . 1 -. - Robtn Hood. 3....... Vt •
Remember that you can make a separate se- Knight Errant, 3.... «
lection' of horses for every six months' subscrip- Gettysburg 3 ....... w
tion to The Kentucky Farmer and Breeder that pt?er S p«i^3 "."*!!." 02
you send- in. Remember also that the earlier . . Lord- Badge.. 5. '. '.'... '. »2 ,
your selection is received at this office the more .:£^ c ,2f «,' e * vaUey'il M
likely you wil} be to share. in the division of the '* st Valentine, 3...'... 00
extra $2000.00. Srelfis 4 3*"* : M
Note— AH lists must be in this office before 3 John, r*' a.. *.!*!!"!".". ai~
o'clock In the afternoon of May 25, the^day pre- '
ceding: the' race. • . \
: All lists not In by that time will be returned with' money" for sub-
scriptions. No agents, solicitors or employes have authority to make,
any representations or promises with reference to the terms of this con-*
test. . . f
FILL IN THIS COUPON AND MAIL TO-DAY
*I. desire. to become a subscriber to THE KENTUCKY FARMER AND
BREEDER and enclose $....... .for;. .... ..subscriptions. . 1 subscribe
- to all the conditions of the contest as published.. Under your offer my j
selections for the Brooklyn Handicap,- May 26, 1904, are:
. Winner : *
2 d .............:. .........::..;......... '
3d ........;.... .................................... :
:' • . ... - ,'-¦;{._ . 1 ....... - ¦.-.'.
My name is. :..;"..; .', .'.';.;>.*.... ....._...'... • .
"v State'". :''.\ ~'i~,'. ',', . iV. '. .... .County • ...."...........'... , ¦¦
THE KENTUCKY FARMER AND BREEDER
Officers: .
P P JOHNSTON Lexington. Ky. JOHX B. CASTLEMAN, Loulsvflle. Ky. \
p. f. jUH^biu:* Lcxingxcm. m. SHELBy T . HARBISON. Lexington. ; Ky.
iresiciem., . : HENRTL. MARTIN. Midway. Ky.
" T. C. MCDOWELL l^xlngton. Ky. JACOBS > EST1LL. Lexington. -Ky.
. Vice President. - HECTOR*F. HILLENMETER. Lexington.
LEXINGTON CITY.; NATIONAL* BA*.K. ; c c , PATTERSON. Lexington. Ky. - r r
" ¦>"'¦ " Treasurer.' ¦..'•¦"¦ ' ."¦'¦ ¦ L. , G.' COX. ' Lexington. ¦ Ky. - ' > -
'DESHA BRECKINR1DGE. Lexlnrton, Ky. : JOUETTSHOUSB. Lexington. Ky.
Secretary. •_ "J. N. CAMDEN, JR.. Vertaines,-Kr.'CHICAGO, April 2.— Young. Corbett
was given the decision over Tommy
Mowatt.f the "fighting streetcar con
ductor," after six rounds 'of fast fight
ing to-night at the Waverly Athletic
Club. Determined, if. possible, to win
by a knockout, Corbett started after
Mowatt. as soon as they shaped up for
the first round, and In every possible
way endeavored to bring the contest to
a speedy end. .. ;
Mowatt 'appeared -timid at firsthand
Corbett had • things . all his , own way
during the first three ' minutes 'of
fighting; but from that.' time on the
Chicago boy- stood - hi3 ground and
swapped ' punches ., with " the -:. former
•champion. Although "the:; latter -in
variably had. the better 'of each * rally,'
Right motives make good manners.
Feat her- Weight of Denver
Outpoints Tommy Mowatt
in Bout, at Chicago Club
; PLEASANTON, April 2.— The quar
ts-mile dash harness races held here
this morning: resulted as follows:
First race — Won by Louise Croner.
Time, : 34.
Second race — Won by Dicta tress.
Time :30%.
Third race — Won by Christobell.
Time, :29%. >; .
Races at Pleasanton.
DECISION GOES
TO "CORBETT"
TACOMA, .April 2.— Tacoma came
out on top ; to-day by a score of 5 to
4. Park Wll^bn, who was catching for
Seattle, was fined twice, and was put
off the field by Umpire Huston . for
kicking against a decision which gave
Tacoma the winning run. St. Vrain
pitched a good game for Tacoma.. In
the ninth inning, with two men on
bases, he struck out the next three
men up and won the game. Score:
Seattle — I Tacoma—
AB.R. H. P.A \ AB.n. H. P.A.
Vn Hn.cf 2 0 0 1 tf Casey, 2b 5 • 1 1 2 i
Mhler.2b 4 O 2 C S'Ndyke.lb 4 1 2 11 0
nihty.3b 4 0 O 2 liMcUn.If 3 12 4 0
Frisk, if 4 0 0 3 d kynch.cf 4 12 0 0
Hrshr.lb 2 10 4 'J Kagan.w 4 0 1 4 4
Fmlth. rf n 1 .2 | 2 1 Hanvn.rf 4 0 10 1
Hall ss. 2 1 I J--2S2 Shehn p 3h 3 0 0 0 1
"Wilson, c 1 1 1 *'£ - 0 Grahm.c 2 10 6 3
Barber.p 1 0 0 2 1 St. Vrn.p ,3 0 0 0' 3
Blnksp.c 10 0 0 0 i- __
— — Totals. 32 5 0 27 14
Totals. 2-1 4 C 24 10
nUVS ANL> HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma -.'...'. .... .1 0 12 0 0 1 Ox 5
Base hits .... .2 0 2 21020 x— 9
Seattle 0.1 1 0 0 0 1 10-^-4
Base hits .....0 10 0 0] 2 1 1—0
» SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Lynch, Hanni van, Sheehan. .
Smith. KrrorR — Grahanr. Hall, Wilson 2.
Two-bare hits — Eacan, Nordyke. Sacrifice
hits — Barber 2,' Smith, v First base on errors—
Tacoma 1. First base on called balls — Off St.
Vrain 7, off Barber 5. ¦ I^ft on bases — Tacoma
5. ScattJe 4 Struck out — By St. Vrain 4.by
Barbpr 1. " Hit by pitcher — Wilson. Double
plays — Casey to Earnn to Nordyke 2. Dele
hanty-to Mohler to Brashear. Passed - ball-
Graham. Time of same— 2:10. Umpire—
Huston. . J: :•¦'¦-¦ ;•- ,
PAIIKE WILSON' IS FINED.
V Round ll— Both: landed lefts and then, Corbett
hrourht his rlcht to Mowatt's- Jaw. 1 Corbett
then < played fnr^th<»: stomach -nnd landed sev
eral .blows without '.return: ; : Mowatt -.tried for
an uppercut and Corh*tt swung a right to his
body . and . a" left 'to "his ."= ja w ? which ¦. stacgered
Mowatt.' ..MowRtt trt^d with' left and missed.
Corbstt ; countered wlthirie-ht^and* Jabbed .left
t-j >Mowatt's . face.".;* Corbett * another right
to t Mowatt'? ; stomach ; and i they • clinched." « In
the triix-up ; that ; follow<><l Corbett '¦ landed right
and left on 'Mowatt's head. „ • . •"•Aaa^Stfa* 1
Round 5— Mowp.tt Jabbed ,. left .. to: Corbett's
face and the 'latter countered with' right -to
body. 1 . They went to a. clinch; and both fought
fiercely, Mowatt Corbett several
times, v. On T the: break- Corbett /sent his' left to
Mowatt's face and right; to, body.- They went
to a clinch and Corbett sent. right: to body On
the » break- Mowatt" landed" right and left "on
Corbett's Jaw. ;;: Corbett : sent his -.. right . to
Mowatfs Jaw and the. latter, staggered against
the^rp.Tef. "Mowatt' was -weak, at the end "of
lhe.",round.- ." ".,',. .» „ ¦ . .
- Round 4— Mowatt ' landed left ; to face. . Cor
bett bored In and swung left to Mowatt's head
Or. the break Mowatt landed aright swing oil
Cm bett's head. 'Corbett. rushed, and' sent his
rishtto Mowatt's? stomach. In a -fierce mix
up Mowatt uppercut - Corbett ¦ twice, bringing
the blood from Corbett's ¦ nose. .- Corbett in the
meantime played havoc with .Mowatt's • stom
ach * with • shorUarm ,- punches."- Mowatt tried
with left and Corbett smashed him pn' the
nose with a risht swln*. 1 bringing: blood -in a
stream. V. . ' " -, :- -, ¦.¦ ...'•..: -.. ... , -
Round 1 — They fiddled and Mowatt tried
rigK, but missed. Corbett put lett to stom
ech. He repeated with lei t and swung right
to Mowatt's ear. ¦ Mcwatt tried with left, but
missed end clinched. > On breakaway Corbett
reached Mowatt's lace with left and swung
ri«ht to 'his body." Mowatt tried left. Jab but
mlhstd -.and clinched. ¦ Corbett sent . two left*
to Mowatt's face without return. • Corbett led
.wltli-lelt and rushed Mowatt to the ropes and
landed ' a series of blows to Mowatt's body.
. Round 2 — Cprbett /landed a left to Mowatt's
'Jaw. , Mowatt came.back with a left and right
'to ; Corbett' s face. v In a mixup both landed
slur.cinKT -Mows to head. Corbett swiins his
right to Mowatt's Jaw. then , crossed left to
the same place and Mowatt slipped to the
fleer. When he got. up they went Into a
clinch and ; Mowatt uppercut Corbett ' Corbett
swung his right and went to a clinch.'. Mowatt
reached • Corbett's : head ¦ with * both .right- and
left.- Corbett played for the body and sent
two-rights to 'Mowatt's stomach. ¦ Mowatt ru
ta'tated with risht; and left to 'Corbett's Jaw
Round 3— Corbett tried with left. but missed
Then : he came back ' with left to~face and
right to body. ' Mowatt missed three times In
succession and ¦ Corbett; brought his right to
Mowatt's stomach. In a clinch' that followed
Mowatt- landed- a. bright- swing'-.to Corbett'si
face. Mowatt : landed left to Corbett's . nose
bringing blood. • Corbett smashed Mowatt* with
both .hands on the nose, bringing blood. In'an
exchange -, that . followed | both men , landed re
peatedly on , each other. -¦ Near the end of
lh,-> round Corbett pent his right to- Mowatt's
stemaeh and Mowatt came back with his richr
to Corbetfa 'aw. .¦-,¦.... . . •"*
The winner was challenged by Neary
of Milwaukee. "Kid" Goodman of Bos
ton and Abe Attell of San Francisco.-
In a contest prior to the Corbett-
Mowatt fight "Kid" . Goodman ,of Bos
ton knocked out Jce Galligan "of Chi
cago in the sixth round.
Corbett had the better of every round
except the third. In that round Mow
att reached Corbett with numerous left
and right, upper*. -ts. The Denverite
wore a serjous look as he went to his
corner. During the next three rounds,
however. Corbett steadily gained the
upper hand, and undoubtedly would
have finished his opponent had the con
test continued much longer.
still Mowatt reached Corbett with pow
erful right swings both to the body
and jaw. Corbett was the stronger of
the two, however, and Mowatt was
compelled to break ground in nearly
every rally.
Ball scored Stanford's second and ;
i last run. He hit to Wulzen, who over
! threw to first. Ball going to second.
Wirt hit to Gillis, who fumbled again,
and Ball tore around to the plate.
! Stanford had the bases full in this j
inning, with one man out Trowbrldge
! struck out and Tritch went out on a
hit to Pitcher Heitmuller.
Atlams scored for Berkeley In the !
first inning. Heitmuller tied the score :
in the fourth. After reaching third
on a two-bagger and an error. Gra- .
ham brought him home. Berkeley '
scored two more In the fifth. Adams !
got the first of these and then Graham '
scored Heitmuller again with a clean !
hit over second. Berkeley scored two "
more in the seventh. Hamilton hit
over third, scoring Heitmuller and
Graham. This ended the scoring:. The •
second srame will be played at Stan
ford next Saturday. The score:
EUnf °A r B7R.H.P.Af Cal '^ la - |
f*i>9.rf 5 0 12 1 AB. R H P A
•\Vms.!rb 3 0 12 1 Gilllf;,2b 5 0 0 i 4
' Ball.c. 5 12 6 1 Adms.es 3 2 1 4 2
! Chlms.lf 2 0 0 10 Strub.3b 5 0 0 10
| Wlrt.cf. 4 0 0 4 0 Htmlr.p 4 3 3 i "
Cobrt.lb.4 116 0 Grhm.lb 4 14 9 0
Swaln.3b 3 0 12 3 Wulzn,rf 4 0 1 1 • 1 i
Twbpe.e« 3 0 0 .2 1 Bllgg.c 3 0 1 5 0
Trltch.p 3 0 0 0 2 Hmltn.lf 4 0 1 2 0
•Knight. 10 0 0 "jsWey.cf 3 0 0 2 2
Totals 33 2 6 25 8 Totals 35 ~6 7l 27 II '
•Knight batted for Tritch In the ninth. i
RUXS AND HITS BY INNINGS. !
Stanford 0 1 10 0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 2 11.01 0 0 0 1— G
California .. ..1 00 l 2 02 0 x 6
• Base hits ....11 0'2 3 1 3 0 x— 11
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Wirt. Adams, Sales. Williams,
Swain, Trowbrldge. Errors — GIHts (3), Strub
(2). Graham (2), Wulzen. Two-base bits
Heltmuller. Hamilton. First base on errors
California, 5; Stanford, 2. First base on
called balls— Off THtch. 4; off Heitmuller, 6.
Struck . out — By Tritch. 1 ; by Heitmuller. 4.
Hit by pitcher — Chalmers. Double plays — 1
Graham iuJij.>~ in-u,. Aoaina to. onus t<> -».a
ham. Umpire— Rube Levy. Scorer— McFad-
Ucn. 1
Stanford proved weak in its batting
department, being unable to solve
Heitmuller's elusive curves. The team
fielded well. Swain at third being one
of the brightest stars of the day.
Colbert scored the first run for
Stanford. He hit to Gillis at second.
The latter fumbled and then over
threw to first, Colbert reaching sec
ond in th'e confusion. Swain then
scored Colbert with a single over sec
ond. Tritch flew out and Heitmuller
retired the side by striking out Sales
and Williams. S 1 ,'
also strong with the stick, making a
hit on each of his four times at bat
and materially assisting Heitmuller
in his scoring.
President Wheeler and President
Jordan were present to cheer on their
boys. Each was given a hearty wel
come as he crossed the field. Thp old
familiar football yells and football
songs sounded out on the warm spring
air. but they lacked the zip and the
swing which is theirs in the crisp No
vember weather when the knights of
the gridiron have the field.
Graham made amends for his
errors by a brilliant double play, un
assisted, by which he retired the
Stanford men in the fourth Inning.
Captain Ball hit a hot one to Graham,
who made a clever stop. He touched
the bacr before Williams could return
and both men were out. Graham was
I in the first of the intercollegiate b'ase-
J ball matches with Stanford Heitmul
ler seemed to be playing the entire
: game for his team. A glance at the
| score shows he was a busy ball player,
every column, except that devoted to
errors, being decorated. He made
half the runs credited to the Berkeley
men, made a hit each time he came to
bat. struck out four men, put out two
and made two assists. Berkeley won
by a score of 6 runs to 2.
The Berkeley infield was as steady as a
rock in the preliminary practice games,
even with the professionals, but with
the responsibility of yesterday's match
on their shoulders they became badly
rattled at times. When they had the
Rime well in band they played snappy
ball. Glllis, at third base, is charged
with three errors, while Strub at sec
t id made two and Graham at first
two.
•HEINY" HEITMCLLER, THE CRACK PITCHER OF THE UNIVERSITY OF
j CALIFORNIA BASEBALL TEAM. WHO PROVED THE STAR PLAYER AT
BERKELEY YESTERDAY IX FIRST MATCH OF SERIES WITH STANFORD. I
4- : L
Those who love the blue and gold
of the University of California have
a new athletic idol. In the niche for
merly occupied by the mighty Over
all now stands the stalwart figure of
Heitmuller, the varsity pitcher.
For a time yesterday at Berkeley
'lrwln.3b. 3 O 0 :t 'i Dnlvy.cf. 4 0 13 0
Leahy.c. 2 10 <> 0 Pchfly.2b 3 0 12 0
Maney.lb 2 0 0 0 0|Ktrelb.lb3 0 2 14 0
Andsn,2b 3 0 1 2 l]Dvrux,3b 4 0 2 12'
Schmcr.s 3 0 0 11 Uotlgf-r.c 3. 0 0 3 0 ".
Jones.p.. 2. 0 0 0 2 Bchnan.p'3 0 0 0 3
Hanson.c 0 0 0 2 0 •Moskmn 1 0 0 0 0 •
••Whtrdg 1 0 0 0 0:
Totals 23 2 3 27 0 - ; _ : j
Totals 32 0 10 24 11 '
•Moskiman batted for Bottirer In the ninth. '
••Whltridge batted for Buchanan fn ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS,
Oakland 0 0 0 0. 00 0 00— 0
Base hits ..... 1 112 0 1 0 2 2-10
San Francisco. ..1 0 0.01000 x — a
Base httb 1 '. © . 0 1.10 0 0 x— y
SUMMARY.
Stolen base— Ganley. Two-base hit—Wal
dron. Sacrifice hits— Francks, Hildebrand,*!
Streib, • Massey. Flr»t base on -called balls—
Off Jones, 2; oft Buchanan, 1. , Left on bases —
Oakland. 0. Struck out— By Jones. < 5: , by
Buchanan, 2. Double plays — Hildebrand ' to
Irwln; Francks to Schafley to Streib. Time of •
same — lh. 25m. Umpire — Johnson: ;
j. Uncle has double-crossed the wise
'contingent and upset. a whole lot of
1 prophecies. He did these things yes
j terday afternoon at Recreation Park
I by actually bringing home a game
' against Oakland. It was a victory well
j earned, hard fought In every Inning,
and it ended after' an hour and twenty
live minutes of rapid-fire work. Score
i 2 to 0.
j Mr. Jones from Colorado Springs was
; allowed to exhibit himself on the slab
, for the first time so far. When he had
1 completed his day's work even the
I youngsters were willing to say, "You
¦ look like the best one that has blown
j Into the park so far. You're the real
kid."
Jones had a few concealed on his
person that kept the Oakland marks
men from shooting any bullseyes in the
fence. They binged him. and binged
j him hard sometimes, even to the tune
I of ten for the nine rounds, but when
| ever It was necessary to wallop the
I leather safely Mr. Jones either struck.
! out his man or compelled him to pro
duce a pop fly.
I He is a southwing-er, molded on the
lines of the mighty Waddell. Speed is
his and control in plenty. He is pos
sessed of an incurve that appears to
be the sauciest thing that a batsman
. ever nibbled at. If he repeats yester
j day's 1 doings the fans will learn to love'
j him.
I Buchanan, who twisted 'em for Loh
man, was in right himself. A glance
j at the score shows he allowed the
home gladiators Just three safe ones
! and passed but one man to first. He
was not lucky, for the pass he issued
i resulted in a run. Ho-is also a husky
• lad and will' probably do something
1 ere many weeks.
FIELDING IS PERFECT.
! The fielding was perfect. No one
erred during the course of the battle.
It was quick and snappy from the call
of time, and the only sad incident was
the accident that happened to Tommy
Leahy. The game little catcher split a
finger in the eighth round and had to
. retire in favor of Hanson. He may be
I out of the going now for a week or
. more. i .
Charley Irwln prevented . the sub
urban tossers from tying up the score
by two phenomenal plays in the ninth
inning. With one man out and men on
first and second Dr. Moskiman was'
trotted out to take up Bottiger's bur
den at the bat. He lined one right be
hind the third bag. Irwin was there
with the big knockdown, and he
touched the bag before Streib and
forced him.
Nor did It end there, for Peter was
fighting desperately for that game.
Whitridge was called in to take a wal
l<5p at the ball in Buchanan's stead.
He caught it right on the plexus and
away it sped. It got as far as Irwln's
left mitt and stuck there, instead of
continuing all the way out to the left
field fence and becoming a two-bagger j
and perhaps breaking up the game. j
Waldron started it for Uncle in the ;
initial round with a two-bagger to cen
ter field, that Dunleavy reached only
with one mitt. Hildebrand came
through with a bunt, which advanced
Wallie. Meany slapped a lingering one
to Schafley. He figured on cutting off
Waldron as the latter tore to the rub
ber, but changed his mind and retired
Pat at first base, allowing the run to j
score.
LEAHY IS PASSED.
They landed, another in )the fifth
Leahy spt that fatal base on balls and
Massey sacrificed. Andy Anderson was
not lacking this time, for the sound of
his wallop to left field can yet be heard
echoing through the grounds. Leahy
kept right on coming and easily round- i
ed the final turn. ;
The Cripples made an awful stab in j
the eighth and all but landed. Ganley
drove it out to righf field. He lost no
time in stealing second on Hanson, j
Dunleavy came through with one of
those stingers of his. that always score
men. Ganley hot-footed lively and
slid for the plate. He looked safe
enough, but the umpire informed him
he was out. It was several minutes ere
Peter became reconciled to the decision.
Youngey Johnson made his bow as
an umpire, and his melody was great ,
to hear. He called the balls-. and j
strikes in such a falsetto voice "that all
the crowd tried to do likewise until
almost every one became hoarse.* The ;
score: ¦ .' •
San Francisco — ] Oakland —
AB. It. H. P. A. AB. R. H. P. A.
Wldrn.cf :{ 1 1 0 1 Ganlpy.rf 3 0 2; 0 0
Hildbd.lf 2 0 13 2 Frncks.s. :» 0 10-2
Meany.rf 3 0 0 1 O Kruper.lf 4 0.1 1 1,
STANDING OP THE CLUBS.
W. L. PC. I W. L. PC.
Los Angeles 7 2 .778! Seattle 4 4 .500
Tacoma .... 5 3 .625. San Fran... 3 5 .375
Oakland ... 4 4 .0C0! Portland ... 2 7 .222
Uncle's Recruits Make Every
Hit Count and Score Two
Tallies on Three Safeties
BLANKED ALL THE WAY
Oakland's Winning Streak
Finally Checked by the
Big Colorado Southpaw
JONES PUZZLES
PETE'S BATTERS
THE SAN : FRA^GISCO:CALI^j;- SUNDAY;. ;APRIL,v3; : ;i904:
Pitches a Brilliant Winning Game and Bears the
Brunt of the Battle When His Fielders Err
Through Nervousness—California Triumphant
HEITMULLER IS STAR PLAYER
IN INTERCOLLEGIATE BASEBALL
37
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEMENTS^
NEXT SUNDAE CAIili.'
Albert Sonnichsen's Exciting
Sea ¦ Story. ;
CaptAin Larsen 7 on the r. Other
StoS^gfe- Tack. . " ' " •'
"DEEP SEA VAGABONDS.'!
MEN GURED
/^us^^^^5sJ\ SOLD IVY
jo f^2^ &„ Natural
If ffjfel Treai-
Gives. Vim, Vlyor and VitaUty, COM-
PELLINO OBOWTH and life. Bashful
and incompetent men made confident.
Don't be half. a. man; use a natural re-
storative. Our Vacuum Developer com-
bined with 1 our Improved "Perfect" local
absorbing. ..¦'¦". ,."'-. ¦-.''.'¦ .-.'¦.".
Soluble . Medicated \ Bougies or Crayons
quickly.- cure Gleet. • all » drains. Stricture,
Prematureness..Prostatic Affections, etc.
We have 'a SPECIAL Medicated Crayoa
for OOK0KXH0EA, which Is especially
effective, being ' Germlcidal. •¦Antiseptic,
Soothing, and Healing; It materially
shortens the attack and leaves no bad ef-
fects, ', as with the old; forms of treat-
ment.
«For VABICOCEtE our Improved OS*
VEtOPEB, - combined with - our X*w
"Patented" SUSPEHSOBY and COM.
PEESSOR, will quickly cure every case.
Don't , be operated • upon. Zamtigntm this.'
i Call. or^write for descriptive, illustrat-
ed, ""copyrighted" 100-page book. Health
for Ken only. Sent Securely Sealed Tree.
Our Physicians are., experienced •; and
strictly; reliable -specialists and cure aU
diseases of Men by modern methods.
:' % Treatment given' on' 10 days' trial and
approval. Hours: 9to 9; Sunday. 10 to I.
. " HEALTH APPLIANCE CO-
'-$ O'J*ARRE1<LST^ Near Alarktt,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
s ESBBBBBSSCBKslslHBEslslBslPf9BEB a lBHaHBHI!HIIIiBBBBaBIBH
h ; vV V : v-v;^. -V ;/ '¦¦ •¦;«¦ ';>-~^:- ' : ' ". -"¦"'¦ ' 'W. ¦¦ ¦ ¦ '' ¦'¦
I LADIES' MEiM'S \
I SWEATafRJACKETS FORIN^F TTING S
I Beautiful- Stylish- Serviceable v ,, UMDERWEAR S
I $4 OQ to $7 50 Lihurct— Pure Linen . ¦
I LADIES' SILK VESTS l^P f , f
Sg - ? - r^ -and ,:; ' yiHurct--Pure Wool. S
¦ LINENi UiyDERWEAR BombyfCt^Pure Silk \
B ''¦'¦¦¦'¦ '' '< r '^'- ". '"'./- ..¦¦' : >¦- :. '-" ''••*»; :•'" '* - : - : ¦ -. ¦ .¦:'¦;¦ ; .• ' ':'¦•¦ '•.'. ';''¦' l .*:¦'' ¦ ¦".- BB
By - Giving a ; pleasure to '. the '¦¦ skin/ un- 1 Our goods please the brst dressers and ': H
H rivaled in inferior stock. ¦/-., rupply beauty, warmth'and service. ; ¦«•¦' J
S JERSEYS and SWEATERS S
¦ Open Saturdays Till 10 P. M; : v 150 Geary SUS^r: ¦
EHIllBIIBIIIIIIIIIIIIIlllllIIBIllllllIBIBllI
"A friend in need is a friend
indeed." Our MONEY TO
L.OAX column may be classed
as sneh.
OFFER TO WEAK MEN
I WILL PAY $1,000 FORFEIT
For a case of Nervous. Debility, Varicocele, Rheumatism, Lame Back, Lumbago, Sciatica, any case of Kidney Disease (that has not gone as far ss •
Bright's Disease), Indigestion, Constipation, or any weakness which I cannot cure with my new irrlproved Electric Belt, with electric suspensory for
meii (no charge), the'marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has ever been introduced.
Give me a man broken down from dissipation, hard work or worry, from any cause which has sapped his vitality. Let him follow my advice
for three months and I will make him as vigorous in every respect as any man of his age.
I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never intended by nature to be strong and vigorous. Even • that man I can make
better than he is; but the man who has been strong and has lost his strength I can make as good as he ever was. :, -*:-.;
I can give back to any man what he has lost by violation of the laws of nature. ; I can stop all drains upon his vitality in ten days.
A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly; awakes more tired than when, he went to bed. who is easily dis-
couraged, inclined to brood over: imaginary troubles, who has lost ambition and^energy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which
the Dr. McLaughlin Electric Belt supplies. ¦ -.*..;
The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal electricity. .When you lose that by draining the system in any man-
ner my Belt will replace it and will cure vou. . . . .'¦ 'l-
Mr. Harry U. Jackson. Valleton. Cal.. writes October 1: "Although you are a stranger t« me. my heart warm* toward you u a.rreat benefactor and friend, and I »ra mor»
than grateful to 3'ou. Already I feel th« ..vigor rf new life In my body: no aches and no pains. I wleh you every success In your work."
'¦ Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer. They are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from
' useless doctoring. I g$t such letters every day. . * % v . v '
My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy in a man.
I make the best electrical body appliance in th; world, having devoted twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. My cures after
everything else has failed are my best arguments. .
Mr. Roy Burks, MrKlttrlck, Cal.'. write*:'. "From the first nlnht.I wore'the belt I felt new life In every part «f my body. The weaknea* wu checked Immediately, and I ara now-
able to do heavy work wtthout tlrlns;. I am jtled I thought of th<« bp]t,>for In no other way could the money bring me so much pleasure."
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or "joints, "come-and-go" pains in his shoulders, chest and side, Sciatica in
his hip. Lumbago, Rheumatism, or any ache or. pain, and my Belt will pour the oil. of life into his aching body and drive out every sign or pain.
No pain can exist where my Belt is worn. ..
Mr. J. L. Baird of Orland. Cal.,. writes October 13: "My back is entirely well, and 1 would, not take $100 for my belt if I could not r«t another. It Is th« best thin* on earth for
a lame back.'" ,.;•,..! t . . . ¦• ¦
And these "old" men. these men who have burned the candle at both ends— or even if they haven't — these men who for one reason or another
feel that life has lost its. spice, that they are getting o}d too fast. I can make them feel the sparkle and fire of youth again.
I'll never forget when MrT-A. Crawford of Pokegama. Oregon, an old man of seventy, wrote to me and said: "When I wrote to you last I told
you to send me a Belt to make an old man young; and you did. I am seventy years old. and since I have worn the Belt I feel as strong as I did at
thirty-five, and can do as good a day's, work as I could a: that age." It was two years ago that-Mr. Crawford wrote me that letter. Here is one I
just got from him: L -'
"In reply to your letter I am glad to say that I am Just as m*ich In favor of your Belt as I ever was, for it has b«en a remarkable help to me I am seventy-two years eld. tout
I do not look any more than fifty. Am enjoying perfect health, and will continue to recommend the Belt, as I have been doing rlnrht along, aa I realize that but for it I should have been
dead anfl burled by this time." ¦ • ' -
They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in *he country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric
Belt. . t : ' V
Now, what does thisimean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you oujjht to.be. can you ask any better proof to make you try it? Is
there a remedy ,whlch*is< as simple,, as easy to use. as surc;to cure and as cheap .as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must,
try it. In justice toyourself, and to those who 'look -to you for their future happiness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought not be
delayed. ' ¦ . ' - \, :
It's as good for women as for men. Worn .while. you sleep, it causes no trouble. You feel the gentle glowing heat from it constantly, but no
sting; no burning. As in'old-stylc belts. * '.'-'., '
Come and see me if you can. I have a private consulting room in which I will explain my method of treatment, and* perhaps, give you the
names of some of your" friends whom I have cured.' ; . /
Send for my beautiful book full of things a man likes to read if he wants to be a strong man. ' I send it sealed free. Cut out and send this «d.
Dr. M. C riGLaughliri, 9C6 Market ..Stv.^SS^
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p, m, . Sundaysio to i. Seattle Office, 105 Columbia Street. Los Angeles, 131 South Spring Street.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i O. C JOSLEN. M. D..
The Leading Specialist. *
I make a definite proposal to
wait for my fee until you are
* satisfied that your cure is com- j
pjete. This, of course, indi-
i cates that I have unlimited
confidence In my ability, but 1 '
• want you to have other and
} better reasons for choosing <
\ me as your physician. I wa^it
S you to consider my vast expert- ;
( cnce and my unequaled sue- >
cess as a epeclalist. For more i
? than seventeen years I have
been curing cases just like
?, yours, and have built up a |
practice that Is by far the larg-
est of its kind west of Chicago.
J Every method of treatment 1 I
employ is original and marks a |
distinct advance in medical scl-
g «nce. Surely, considering all
these things, you will not re-
main undecided as to what
physician can serve you best.
! Weakness.
Local treatment to correct all
ooadltlena responsible for the func-
tional disorder. Fstlure Impossible
wnere the case is not too far ad-
vanced. No incurable cases
treated.
i Varicocele.
1 K» r«ln. no ruttlnr. But a few
dajra* time required and a thorough
cure la every Instance.
Contracted Disorders.
Th« quickest cures ever effcated.
Ttroe redeced about one-half. No
; fallurec; no relapaes.
¦ Specific Blood Poison.
Every symptom' and taint eradf-
eated without the use of dangerous
trap.
Stricttire- j
Keitber cutUnr nor dllatlnr. but
a palnles* treatment, by which the
obetructtnr tissue !s dissolved.
Consultation Free.
At cff.ee or by mail. My pamphlet,
"Live All Tour Tears a Man,"
nailed free.
DR. O. C. JOSLEN
Cor. Market and Kearny Sta.
PrivaU entraae*. 70S Market »C
Of no* Hours— • a, m. to 4 :S0
f>.* m. ; • to 8:80 p. m. on week
ayo. 6usdaya ID to 1 only.Commissioners Try Fire Captain.
At a meeting of the Fire Commis
sioners yesterday the cars of Captain
T. B. Kentzeir of truck company No.
4 was brought up. He is charged
with allowing his men to enter neigh
boring saloons while on duty. An ad
ditional charge of using profane
language to his men .was entered
against him. After hearing, all of the
evidence the Commissioners' took the
case under advisement until the next
meeting. ¦ . • .;."
My fellow men deceive Tine oft,'
I'm sometimes -glad they do:
This world would be a fearful place
If all they said were true.
" —Washington Star.
Faith is the secret of firmness.
Burglars entered the grocery - and
bar conducted by A. Bellotti at 1400
California street at an early, hour Fri
day morning and j secured a. collection
of old coins valued at $.40 fand, % 3 In
cash from the ; register. : 1 Entrance
was effected through a rear transom.
Two months ago the same establish
ment was looted. $108 being stolen.
At that time the crook secreted him
self In the store and .was locked Un at
the closing hour. ;' The police- have no
clew to the perpetrators of the crimes.'
Burglars Enter Grocery.
" The annual meetinr of the military
Order of the Carabao, composed of
officers of the army and navy that
nerved in the Philippines, was held at
the Occidental Hotel last evening and
was followed by a banquet. Among
the . guests of -honor was General
Charles A. Woodruff, grand para
mount carabao of the order. The
music for the occasion was furnished
by an orchestra from th.» band of *the
Philippine scouts, now quartered at
the Presidio.
Carabaos Hold Meeting.
The police are endeavoring, to lo
cate a smooth Individual that has vid
timized Kirk, G?ary & Co., Sanborn.
Vail & Co", and R. A: Lee t of Oakland
out'.'bf several cameras. The method
employed by the thief . Is . to order a
valuable" .Instrument sent .* to a local
dealer. He would meet the delivery
boy op the \yay and send him back for
a roll [of films. In the "meantime mak
ing his escape with \ the camera." A
good : description has ,been given of
the fellow and his - capture 13 " ex
pected. . — '• */
Wanted by the Police.
Dies nt Hospital hi Tills City, b\l
Coroner Is Unable to Get
Facts in Case.
As the result of injuries sustained on
the North Shore road yesterday at
SauEalito a middle aged man, whose
name is at the present time unknown,
died at Taylor's Sanitarium In this city
yesterday afternocm at half past 2
o'clock. Special Offlcar Creed of I- the
railroad, who had all the documents
that established the Identity of the un
fortunate and the . facts of the acci
dent, returnedvto San Rafael' without
giving the Coroner's office in this city
any information.
It is understood by the hospital peo
ple that the deceased boarded the
wrong train and upon discovering; his
mistake Jumped off. He was either
struck by a passing train or injured
by the falL The body, was taken to
the Morgue late last night.
UNKNOWN MAN FATALLY
INJURED AT SAUSALITO
William Bernhard was Injured . yes
terday afternoon while working on a
boat he was constructing at his work
shop, at the foot of Larkin street. The
boat was supported by props on either
side. While he was underneath it the
props gave way and the hull fell on
him, breaking his back and possibly
causing other Internal . injuries. He
was removed to the Emergency: Hos
pital for treatment, but the general be
lief of the physicians Is that Bernhard
will not recover.
Injured Beneath a Boat.
SANTA CRUZ. April 2. — The Repub
lican County Central Committee to-day
appointed the following delegates to
the State convention at Sacramento,
who are pledged to vote only for dele
gates to the national convention, favor*
able to President. Roosevelt: A. .W.
Wyman, 3. H. Rambo. A. G. Lay.^W.
R. Porter, G. Radcllff, G. S. Cleveland,
P. F. Kron, C. Hoffmann and H.^S.
Wanzer. The . delegates^ also pledged
work for Santa Cruz In the securing
of the State convention in August. \
Delegates Named nt Santa Cruz.
SAN MATEO. April 2. — Ex-Con
gressman S&muel D. Woods and
Mayor Schmitz of San Francisco and
Hugh Hojran of Oakland have ac
cepted an Invitation to address the
citizens of San Mateo at a grant, rally
in Athletic Club Hall next Thursday
night in the interests of street and
sidewalk Improvements. The meet
ing will be held under the auspices of
the Civic Club, which for more than
a year has been a stanza champion
of municipal improvements.
City Improvement the Theme.
Charges Brother With Brutality.
• OAKLAND, April 2. — James Gaines,
a carpenter, 33 years of age, employed
by the Southern Pacific Company,
was arrested yesterday on' complaint
of his sister, Mrs. May Leonard, 724
Chester street, who charges: that
Gaines beat her. .
Train Strikes Vehicle.
OAKLAND. April 2. — Cal Ewing.
colored, drove his wagon too close to
the Berkefey local track near Adeline
station this morning and the train
struck the vehicle and threw Ewing
out of the rig. lie struck on his head
and Buffered concussion of the brain.
He was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital.
DENVER, April 2.— A- special from
Telluride, - Colo., says': A detachment
of 200 troops will leave here at 10:30
o'clock to-night on -two special trains
for Ridgeway. under sealed orders.
They are under the command of Col
onel Barnum and Major Naylbr. It is
rumored they are going to make the
expected clean-up of agitators In the
San Juan district and that many men
will be deported. ' . .
" Four alleged agitators, names un
known, came in on an evening train
to-night and were proinptly lodged In
jail. ¦ . -.- .-:
Colorado. Militiamen Afield.
OAKLAND. April 2. — The Grand
Jury has Issued subpenas for the five
members of the Board *of Supervisors
to appear before* it ' next Monday
morning. There is considerable spec
ulation as to Just what the board, has
been doing that needs Investigating.
Some costly expenditures at the Coun
ty Infirmary and In the courthouse are
believed to be the subject of the In
quiry.
Supervisors Must Explain.
WASHINGTON, April 2.— At the re
quest of Postmaster General Payne
Chairman McCall, RepresentatiVTjg
Hltt, Richardson of Alabama and Bart
lfttt Went to the Arlington Hotel to
day and discussed with the Postmaster
General at his bedside the special re
port Involving members. of Congress in
cases of clerk hire and leases of third
and fourth class postofflces. •
Mr. Payne had prepared a statement
•which he wished to go lritP the record
of the committee. The vital point in
the statement is" that Mr. Payne was
most positive In his protest I that the
names of, the members should nbt have
been sent to the. House; Committee or»
Postofflces ar.d ; Post Roads. The re
port In question was first submitted to
the commltteewlth the names and the
second report with the names was sent
to the' capitol upon a telephone order
from the House Committee on Post •
oir.ces arid Poatroads/ . *
Matters Pertaining - to ' the Mall Ser
vice Are Discussed at Bedside
. of Official. :
POST3IASTER GEXERAIj )
RECORDS A STATEMENT
The King's cipher Incident, which of
itself would be sufficient to make the
bl-elections at Dulwich and Lewis
ham memorable, Is, we fancy, not like
ly to be repeated by. Tariff Leaguers
at any future election.
The facts have already been given,
but they are .worth brief repetition.
Large placards were last week issued
on behalf of the Tory candidates, and
announcing at which they
and their supporters would' speak. The
placards were decorated by a life-size
presentment, ' of : Britannia, on .'.the
sleeve of whose robe were embroider-,
ed the words, "Eduardus Rex." Bri
tannia's hand rested on a shield em
blazoned-with the Union Jack, bearing
in the center, his Majesty's cipher. .
We were able \ yesterday, to state
authoritatively that the King had giv
en- no .sanction to : this action on the
part of the. eager Protectionist politi
cians, and that steps would be taken
to prevent its continuance.
ThlB is confirmed j by the following
telegram, dispatched from Buckingham
Palace' yesterday • afternoon, addressed
to F. W. Soutter, Liberal Club, Penge:
"Inreply to your telegram, it Is al
most unnecessary for- me. to say that
no permission has been given to make
use in any way of the name
and cipher, arid you are authorized to
state this.— Knollys." v •.- ,,
'Mr.Soutter's' telegram;, to which the
above Is a reply, was as • follows: :
V VTd his Majesty JCing Edward VII,
Buckingham , Palace : / Tariff , Reform
League are using the royal name and
cipher on bills and large posters.- Penge
workmen'; hope Hhis ,1s not.^ ; 'to be taken
as evidence that their. King is in, favor
of the taxation of food andother neces
saries: of life, and as loyal subjects
would rejoice to receive an assurance
¦ thereon.'' : , :
¦ Mr/ Soutter Is ¦ one of the agents of
the > Free ; Trade Union, . and \ has ; been
working and 'speaking for 1! free trad?
in"'^^ the \ Penge* district . for the ¦ last four
teenV days. His -attention was drawn
to '. the" "unauthorlJted" - posters on Sun
day^by. a Dulwich ' voter, who) asked
hlmVlf ltvwasVa" fact that ¦¦._ his Majesty
the King + had I declared .^himself „ to be
a supporter; of Mr."; Chamberlain. .;.
[Mr.; Soutter'3-reply ; i.was' to = the ' effect
that „' he } had "no j.* knowledge V upon the
subject. f i He decidedU6Ytelegraph?dl
recf : tol the Klhg.v with ' the * result' seen
above.-r-L° n <don News . .' : ' . - /•; '_¦¦'¦'
Quickly* Denounced as "Unauthorized
by His Privale Secretary,
Knoll ys.
MISUSE 'OF KING'S CIPHER
BY TORY CANDIDATES
OAKLAND. April 2. — Manuel Lopez.
a. lonely old man. who died recently,
stated in his will, which was filed to
day, that he did not have father,
mother, wife, child or grandchild und
left his entire estate, consisting of
about $2 SCO cash, to Father P. C.
Torke of St. Anthony's parish. There
were three bequests, one of $100 to
the Sisters of Mercy, another of J 100
to the rector of St. Joseph's Church
( Portuguese) and one of $150 for the
rector of St. Anthony's parish for
masses for the repose of the soul of
the deceased.
I'athcr Voriie Gets E-state.
First race. «»ix and , a half > lurlongs — Briar
Ihorp won,- Spring Orook second. Alpaca third.
Time. 1:27 4-5. ;
- Second race, four and a half furlongs — Pa»
adena won. Monamour second. R. L.. Johnson
third. Time. :ta 2-5. -
Third race, six furlongs — Sals won. City
Bank second. General Stewart third. Tim*:,
1:213-5.
Fourth race, mile — Caqueta won. Mammon
second. Cay, third. Time, 1:51.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Arrah Gwan won.
Tim Klley second, Oclawaha . third. Time.
1 :2O 3-5. , ¦- • •
Sixth race, steeplechase. Fifth Sprln? Hun-
Uts Tom Co?an won. • Motitrlp second. ..Dal
liance third. Time. -R:37. V ..¦
WASHINGTON. : Arrll 2.— Bennings results
Bennlngs 'Race . Resu 1 t.s.
Uhlformctl Workmen Banqcct.
Company. A, uniform rank.' Ancient
Order of United Workmen, held its an
nual banquet last night" In a downtown
rotisserle. The company enjoyed ; a
very pleasant evening after having
discussed 'an elaborate . supper. Major
C. F. McKenzle was toast master, and
in response to his calls Colonel -F. F.
Terramossa spoke on "Th« Good Work
of the A. O. U. W."; Major Fred W.
Browning. Grand Master Workman,
responded to "The Value of the Uni
form Rank" and Captain Ed. Rosen
berger responded . to "The Work of
Company A." Then followed respons
es by First Lieutenant J." J.. Davis, Sec
ond lieutenant J. H. Barron. Sergeant
C. Zahn, corporals W. O..Zahn, Rossi
and Petersons, musicians Welker.
Swanson, Roberts and McGrath and
Private Martin. \ . -.
BERKELEY, April 2.— Easter Sun
day* will be appropriately celebrated In
all tho Berkeley, churches to-morrow.
In anticipation of the day special pro
grammes of music have been arranged
and busy hands have decorated chan
cel and altar with -greens and lilies.
I In tho Friends' Church there will
be songs by Miss Munfo's children's
class, recitations, duets and pieces by
the various jinembers at the morning
service. In the . evening the Rev. J.
H. Peele will talk on "A Legend of
the Risen Christ."
" The Easter I services at the North
Berkeley Congregational Church. will
beheld at 11 o'clock, Avhen there will
be an ' Easter off erlng . and . a sermon
by! the Rev.. B. F. Sargent upon "The
Power of: His Resurrection.',' A sun
rise meeting will be held by the Chris
tian Endeavor.
Dr. Lyman Abbott, . editor of the
Outlook, will preach ; the ; Easter ser
mon "'_ at ; the First; Congregational
Church. v ¦--'','.¦}'¦'¦
There will be, a distribution of.Eas
ter greeting; at 'the First Unitarian
Church, where the Rev. F. L. Hos
mer will preach fin the* morning.'!
.The Easter sermon for. the.-, Chris
tian Church will be'"preached'i In Stiles
Hall By- the ; Rev. \E:; W. ;Darst,i;besldes
which there will be special y Easter
muslc.V The Sunday school will - also
sing 'Easter^ music." . . / /.; : :
At ; Trinity 'Methodist ; Churchy Mrs.
E. L. ; Sherrett . will j recite an original
Easter story and, the" pastor, I the Rev.
C. K. Jenness; will ; del I ver \ the ' ser r
Won.. ¦ . V.' 'l\ ¦ " ¦ ''"•-• : ; ~ j
.The Rfev; Guy. 4 W.\Wadsworth,,pres
ident - of ' Occidental .- College, V Los An
geles.^iU'preach at* the FirstjPresby
terlan'. Church"; morning ? and^evehlrig.
An elaborate 'programme of music has
been prepared. ' : L- •
Berkeley Services.
Rev. E. P." Dennett will preach at
the First Methodist Church at 11 al
m. on "The Easter Fact and the Eas
ter Power." There willbe Easter ser
vices at 7 p. m. and "another sermon
by the Rev. L. H. Baker.
Rev. Christopher Ruess Will preach
at the vesper services to be held at 5
p. m. His subject will be "A Child
of Eternity." Music wlll.be rendered
by the Golden Gate quartet. J
An Easter sermon will be preached
at the First Baptist Church at 11 a.
m. by the pastor, the Rev. Gilman
Parker. His subject will be "The
Resurrection of Jesus; ttie Proof and
Pledge of Christianity." .
Easter Sonjrs and Sermons to Be Ren
dered in Various Religious Edifices.
ALAMEDA. April 2. — Easter Sun
day in thia city will be made memor
able" by the dedication of the new
First Presbyterian Church on Santa
"Clara avenue and Chestnut street. The
exercises- ..will .!,. commence at 2:30
o'clock . In the af terriobn. 'the dedica
tory sermon to be preached by Rev.
E. E. Baker of the First Presbyterian
Church of Oakland. . Invitations have
been extended by Rev. 'Frank S.
Brush to the pastors of the ,various
churches of Oakland and this cttv to
attend the ceremonies. An augment
ed "choir will render special music for
the occasion.
Masses will be said in St. Joseph's
Church to-morrow morning at 7:15.
8:30 and 10:30 o'clock. The latter
will be a high mass and will be sung
by a soecial choir.
% Rev. William Norman, Guthrie will
administer the holy communion at
Christ Episcopal Church at 7:30 a. m.
At the services to begin at .11:15 his
sermon topic will be "Our Appear
ance." In the evening at 7:30 the
Easter festival for children will be
held.
IN ALAMEDA CHURCHES.
OAKLAND. April 2. — The following
marriage licrrtFes were issued by the
County Clerk to-day: Laurlts M. Nor
ltm, 41. and Ina. B. McFarland. 26.
both of Oakland; Christian L. Peter
6*>n. 30. San Francisco, and Adelaide R.
Mulrooney. 23, Fruitvale; J. E. Paul.
44. and Susan S. Forbes. 20, both of
San Francisco; William R. Pitt. 22.
and Florence M. Sh*»phard. 22. both of
San Francisco; Robert TV. Edwards.
34. and Nellie M. Kerfoot, 2J, both of
Oakland; Charles L. llorey, over II.
and Wilhelmine Koenig. over IS. tooth
of Oakland: John A. Stanley, over 21.
McCloud. Siskiyou County, and Eliza
beth G. Bone, over 18, West Berkeley:
Elpin Vff Burney. 34. Bakersfield, and
Slaud Martin, T3. Oakland; Thomas H.
Shannon, over 21. and Martha B. Rea.
over IS, bcrli of Fruitvale; Charles E.
Holland, over 21, and Theodora J.
GucUer. over 18, both of Benicia;
Bernard P. Miller, 30, and Anna M.
Burdg*. 24, both of Oakland; James
L. Drircoll, 20, and Dora L. Hooper.
20. both of Fraitvale; Manuel J.
Rogers. 22, Newark, and Rosle Martin,
IS. Niles: Joe R. Costa, 36, aud Mariana
J. Bettencourt, 33. both of Haywards.
Marrlngre Ucense;*.
section providing for. aid In railroad
building by authorizing the Philippine
Government to guarantee an income of
not exceeding: 5 per. cent.on_capital in
vested-in the- construction rand equip
ment of -Such roads. Referring to the
sections | of the bill ' providing for the
Government "building 'of ~ railroads In
tho event willing capital was not found
to undertake ' the projects," Secretary
Taft sald-rha did not favor Government
ownership of the system, but that. he
had offered It as an alternative, .after
having Investigated thoroughly the ex
periences of the British Government in
India and the Dutch Government in its
colonies. ...
Senator. Burrows Inquired if.it was
not possible t0 Interest capital in rail
road building in the Philippines.with
out. Government guaranty. Secretary
Taft caid he believed- a few links of a
system might be constructed, but not
the general railroad building needed
for the progress of the islands. v ;¦:•;
WASHINGTON, April 2. — Secretary
Taf t was' before the Senate Committee
on the Philippines to-day to go over
the Lod«:e i and Cooper bill for the
amendment of the act providing: for the
civil government of th^ Philippines.
Great Interest was manifested in the
Xew Secretary of War Speaks to Sen
ators About Railroads for .
Philippines." '
ISLAXD GOVERNMENT
. .^PISCUSSED. BY TAFT
AUBURN, April 2. — A deed " was
placed on record to-day whereby th?
Three Stars quartz mine at this place
passes from W. E. Dean of San Fran
cisco to E. H. Vance of Oakland. The
consideration is said to be. $250,000.
B. F. Hartley Is to be superintendent.
- The Three Stars, under the super
intendency of /E. J. Kendall, ha|i be
come one of the best equipped. mines
in California. The news of , the sale
will- create a greater. interest in min
ing circles than , anything that has
happened here in- a Ionk time : :.-
Valnable Property x Situated in Placer
County Is Sold to E- H. Vance
of Oakland for $250,000-
THRKK STARS QUARTZ "^feSS
3UXE CHANGES OW>*EKS
>Jpseph f.iray (21) ibeat- George Patterson (1-4)
and ' Andrew Foreman (8); J.. C. MciTatt anj
A. Foreman beat Joseph Gray and -George Pat
tt-rson. 21 to 13: Dr. Gunn and J. McLachlan
beat M. L. Crowe and. J. .Stott, 21 -to 17; O.
W.-. Elder- and S. Irving' beat Jitmea Gray and
T. Millar,. 21 to 19: .M. L. Crowe and J. Stott
boat J. M. '.Karsmnri ami J. McLachlan. 21 to
19; O, A". Me Vicar. and" Y. C. . Law son beat
J.- M. Duncan and' Jt.'. Park.:. 21 to 17. . .
For the first time -In more than a
month the rinks at Golden Gate Park
were in condition to be' played upon
yesterday, and a largre number * of
Scottish bowlers were present. The
new green had not been played upon
for several months and was hard and
springy..- The best match, was 'a dou
bles, in which Y. C. Lawson and H.
L. TIcknor beat" Robert Park and J.
M. Duncan.' The former put up a
strong finish and won by a score of
2i to *i7. -;*¦ ;¦ • .--.,. ; §i '
[ Other matches resulted 'as follows:
Good Condition After the
i Recent Rains.- ¦
Rinks in Golden Gate' Park Prove in
The bride is a very charming • and accom
plifhed girl, her art as a reader having been
a source of pleasure to her friends on many
occasion*?
The wedding is of more than ordinary lnter
terest In ths art world, as well as In social
circles, for the names of Chapel Judson and
Sydney Yacd are both familiar ones on the
r<".il of succeFFful ra Inters. Mr. Judron now
hcld« the jiositlcn of Instructor in freehand
drawir- r.t the State University and has for
m vfial years been identified with the Hopkins
Ii^tltute of Art.
The brifla: carty enjoyed an elaborate wed
dlnr breakfast. Immediately after which ths
newly married couple departed on their wed
dlnr Journey.
Mr. and Mrs. Judson will reside In San
Francisco temporarily until the home they now
contemplate building In Fruitvale is ready for
them.
The nuptial knot «¦»» tied by Dr. McCllsh.
IiCfident of the Ean Jone University, < of which
the bride is a graduate.
The marriage of two well-known young peo
pie. Misis lleesle Yard and Cia|«-1 Judson. was
quietly »olcrnnized to-day at high noon at the
residence oi the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs.
Sydwy Vard. The simple ceremony was wit
nessed by a few Intimate friends and the Jam
il it-n of the happy couple. There were no at
tendants, the bride wearing her traveling
-own, a. beautiful tailor creation In sou
biown efrects. with a modish hat to match.
James Hammond Jr., eon of Mr. and Mrs.
James Hammond of this city, will be mar
ried on Sunday. April 10 to Ml:* Rita Olson of
Byron Contra Costa County.
Mn. Till!* Priestly, dlrtrlct deputy of the
Daughters of Rebekah. entertained at her resi
dence yeeterday afternoon and last evening.
Music and cards afforded diversion for the
guests, among whom were Mrs. Lizzie More
house. Mrs Frankie Bre\-oort. Mrs. Sarah XJry.
Miss Tlllie Munch. Miss Ethel Alger. Mrs.
Minnie Morris. Mrs. May Hcino. Miss Alma
Naber. Mrs. Eleanor K»nny. Mrs. Mary Pen
»• 11. Mr*. Louise Holmes. Mrs. Catherine
Hammond. Mrs. Mattle Decker. Mrs. Mary
Chrtstensen. . Mrs. Fannie .Bundock. -Mrs. At
bcrtena Salback: Mrs. Alice Williams. Mrs.
Pearl Fowws. Mrs. Marie Jergensen. Mrs. I.
Fletcher/ Mrs. T. Summers. Mr. and Mrs.
¦\Vynaam Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Grant. Mrs. L.
William*. MUs A. Hornbrook. Miu K. Probst.
Miss K. Carpenter. Mr. and Mr*. C. J. Ham
mond. Charle» W. Damon. Miss Ruth Ham
mond. Miss Elsie Hammond. Miss Ada
Fletcher and Louis Fischer.
ALAMEDA. April 2.— The German Ladies'
Aid Society will hold a whist tournament In
Eaclnal Hall next Wednesday evening. Twen
ty-flve prizes will be awarded. Henry O.
liacke ¦will direct the play during, the evening.
The patronesses of the altair are Mesdames
\\ ichman. liecker Minor. Hamilton and Lie
txr.
Mr*. C. J. Lander of Marshalltown. Iowa,
is visiting her sister, ilra. J. E. Whinnery. of
437 Thirty -seventh St.
OAKLAND. April 2.— The engagement has
been announced of Helen de la Montanya to
George Howe Vote Jr.. a promising realty
broker of this city. The Announcement was
made Thursday evening at a celebration of the
»event> -fifth birthday anniversary of M. de la
Montanya Sr.. father of the younjj woman.
The wedding will be solemnised on the golden
«edd!ng day of Mr. and Mr>. de la Montanya,
which will shortly be at hand.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
SCOTTISH BOWLERS MEET
FOR FIKST TIME IX WEEKS
The funeral will be held to-morrow
afternoon at 3 o'clock from the home
of Justice of the Peace Geary, at 1003
Fifth avenue. The Interment will take
place at St. Mary's Cemetery.
A peculiar coincidence is the fact that
his father, Maurice Geary, was crushed
by a truck fifteen years ago and died
in the same roohi of the Receiving Hos
pital in which the son died to-day.
Edward Geary died atUhe
ReceUing Hospital at an early hour
this morning as the result of Injuries
received by being crushed between
some cars at the Piedmont carhouse
Wednesday afternoon. .His spine was
fractured a«d a delicate operation was
performed and the broken bone . re
moved so as to relieve the pressure on
the spinal cord, which Was sufficient to
paralyze the lower extremities., The pa
tient rallied to; some extent after 'the
operation, but meningitis set in and
carried him off. ,
The deceased was a brother of Jus
tice of the Peace William R. Geary of
East Oakland and well known in this
city, where he was born and reared.
He was 37 years of age. and was In the
employ of the Oakland Transit Consol
idated.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway,, April 2.
To give, employment to aged and all-
Ing patients, the raising chickens
has been extensively gone into at the
infirmary. A small house was used for
Incubating and broodlhg; : purposes. Vlt
Is believfid ,that>a lamp used for tfi?
purpose of keeping up, the temperature
of the room must have" been overturn
ed. It .was about 3 o'clock this" morn
ing when the fire was discovered, and
the /brooder was then a sheet N of flames,
which were fast spreading to the
houses adjoining. A The efforts of the
fire fighters kept the y flames from
spreading, though the incubator house
v.-as a total loss. .
Fire, broke out at an early hour this
morning in the 'incubating and brood-
Ing establishment conducted ' at the
County Hospital and for a time threat
ened the main buildings. The alarm,
however, "was given in time, and all
those able to give assistance aided in
subduing the flames, .which were final
ly mastered as they, were spreading
from the hatchery to the county build
ings. Twelve hundred young chickens
were burned and an expensive incu
bator was destroyed. Some damage
was also done to I a •"-' small house In
which the overseer in charge . of this
department; resides. ¦ ; ''. .r-
Oakland Office San . Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 2.
As the outcome of the unusual noc
turnal visit paid by Edward Thomp
son to the home of Dr. H. P. Carletori.
he has been declared insane and to
day letters of guardianship over him
were Issued to James Rankln, who
will plaice him in a Fruitvale sanitar
ium. In the meantime. he is still'be
ing held in the detention ward of the
Receiving Hospital." • . "
An accounting of the '.Thompson es
tate is to, be taken. in order to. find out
what really belong* to the young man,
as it was demonstrated In court to-day
that his mother and sister are not cap-*
able of looking after ; their own affairs
and according, to :. the, statement^ of
Judge Ellsworth, -he was unable to tell
from .the he received to .his
questions to 1 whom the property be
longs. - « v - 1 '"
| Peter.Thompson, the father, was re
puted ' a millionaire and died .'about
! three years ego and left his estate
to his widow, and children by deeds of
trust. ' ' - ...... . . '¦
" The son has been acting queerly for
years, but never went so' far as to get
himself into serious trouble j until x a
few nights ago, when he climbed Into
a window of the residence of Dr. Car
leton at 3 o'clock In 'the morning and
came very nearly, being shot- A charge
of insanity was then placed against
him and at his examination he was de
clared Insane and the sister, Lucy, was
said by Judge Ogden to be nearly as
bad. as the brother. '.}&:%?. . \_
Oakland Office San Francisco Call;
1118 Broadway, April S. "
First Congregational— Morning ««rvl«, ser
mon by the pajstor. Rev. Charles R. Bfown.
evening -praise, service by solo quartet and
choiuB choir. ,t _-___„
Flr«t Preobyterlan— Morning «ervl«e. ser ™°"
bv the pastor. Rev. E. E. . liaker; evening
oratorio. "The Redemption." by quartet and
choir of sixty voices. „... .
First Methodlst-Mornlnc sermon subject.
"Christ is Risen." by Rev. E. R.
ing. Easte/ oratorio. "The Holy City. and
address by pastor. • - _,,ki»<.*
Flr«t Baptist— Morning sermon. »" b |e^:
"The Present Argument - for Immortanty .
evening. Dudley Buck's cantata. Cnrlst l«r
Rlnen," anf. address by the pastor. •" -^
First Unitarian-Mornlns: e"™ 0 ", . *£...„*
Rev. George W. Stone; subject. "The Future
Christian Church— Morning »«irmop. «ubje«t.
"The Resurrection of Christ": evening. How
Goes the Battle?" by Rev. T. A. **¦>*«• _,
Unlon-street Presbyterian— Rev. I>w««ht E.
Potter, pastor; morning. "The Joys of Easter ,
evening. "The Chrlet Problem/" _ Walk .
St. Paul's Episcopal— Rev. Charles T.
ley. rector; morning, holy communion; even
lnr prayer service and rermon.
Trlnljy Episcopal-Rev. Cllfter Macon. rec
tor: morning, holy communion. " rm ?" *»
Bliiop William Ford Nichols and connrrna
tion- evening prayer and sermon by the rector.
Calvary Baptist-Rev. M. Slaughter, pastor;
regular morning and evening , 8 " vt «%,, rh . r i st
St. Andrew's— Celebration of Holy Eucharist
Lawrence Surda. pastor:
fcur masses— at 6 a. m., . a. m.. 0 a. m. ana
ia:3O a. m.- —
Elaborate programmes , have been
prepared : for 'the y Easter services In
nearly, all; the .Ideal churches, many of
which are beautifully decorated, great
banks of j Easter and .calla lilies con
cealing, the pulpits and choir lofts, and
streamers ' of >- smilax, , palm branches
and. other green waving in artistic
confusion ' in the , auditoriums. •
'; In: the;. First Presbyterian Church a
screen of smilax hides the back of the
pulpit, ; in? front^ of which: more ; than
3000\;ll^es are -banked... In the First
Congregational 1; Church'; greens have
been used ? as a^basls \ of the decora
tions, lightened by punjle iris lilies and
large branches of friiit blossoms. Dec
'oratlons .In other churches are com
paratively the, same. "'-, •; --. '¦¦'¦ . t
I; The: Easter services in -/the local
churches are as follows:,
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
.. . ' 1118; Broadway,- April 2/
Joe Perat*. 6S5 Fortieth street : Charlte
Ratti; 1501 Third street: Emanuel Marlndo.
1*05 Thirteenth itreet: Joe Rot*\. 12C0 Center
ttrfet; Andrew Deluchi, 1C22 Thirteenth
street: Nicholo Cherootl, 1416 Third street;
Alselml Jughemtn. 4i«'» Forty-necond street;
Asa Parattt. 12*K» Klrliham street; . O-. Ijeon
ardlni 1*J11 Forty-seventh «tr?et: Bernardo
Farro." C&5 Fortieth utreet: Eugene. Lunfeuerco.
1220 Seventh ¦ street; Anrelo Malllnan, 1437
Lusk «treU: Peter Marlndo. 1405 Thirteenth
street; Glvananl. 141C Third street: G. Bel
latti. 1J5S5 Thirteenth street. " -. -
Prosecuting Attorney Leach was, out
of town this afternoon, so the war
rants will bo sworn out for the follow
ing scavengers Monday morning:, ¦-.
In allowing the scavengers their free
dom, Inspector Gimmel acted upon the
.id vice of City Attorney McEhoy, who
thought It better not to place the men
under actual arrest until the warrants
had been issued.
Attorney J. H. Creeley, who repre
sents the scavengers In their fight
against the ordinance, 'said this even-
Ing:
"The ordinance"" under which - the
crematory Is going to do. business pro
vides that no~garbage shall be dump
ed within the city limits, and as the
incinerator can only, burn about 20
per cent of the garbage it collects, its
management must of necessity dump
nearly 30 per cent, thus violating the
very ordinance under" which it 1 seeks
protection.. If^.the ordinance were en-._
forced It would put both* the scaveri-*"
gers- and the = garbage-crematory out jof
business, leaving the people of this
city high and dry, with ho Way to dis
pose of the garbage.".....
Fifteen scavengers were arrested at
the dumps this morning, and as soon
as the warrants are issued they will
be haled Into court to answer to the
charges preferred by the. incinerating
company.
Despite \ the-, edict • of the' Board of
Health ordering | that ' the | dumps
at ! West Oakland ; .be.^ closed: . on
and ..after April" : 1, in compli
ance with the new garbage. ordinance,
the ; Scavengers' . Union, "refusing 'to
comply with the ordinance, has decided
to fight the "matter out In the courts,"
and this morning the battle .between
the scavengers on.one side and the Pa
oiflc. Incinerating; Company, 'backedj by
the City Council an<i the . Board < of
Health on the other, opened in earnest.
The scavengers began 1 the collection
of garbage as usual this morning, and
about S o'clock the first of their wag
ons appeared at the old : dumping
ground. Sanitary Inspector f Gimmel,
who had been notified that the scaven
gers had decided not; to"! recognize the
ordinance, was en hand, reinforced by
two police officers, and as soon as one
of the scavengers had dumped a ioad
of garbage he was placed under arrest
and his name and address taken. None
of the men were detained, but were
allowed to go on their own recog
nizance until formal complaints could
be sworn out by the Pacific Inclnerat
!ng Company charging the scavengers
with violation of the garbage or
dinance.
Oakland, Offlco." San Francisco .Call,
' ¦:¦.*->-' 1118 Broadway, April 2.
3Ieets Fate That Overtook
Father, Who Expired in
Same Hospital Years Ago
In addition to this statement there
are other strong reasons why President
Wheeler would not accept the place.
The principal of these is that the Uni
versity of Illinois is not so well
equipped as the University of Califor
nia and is somewhat overshadowed by
the University of Chicago., bo that no
advantage would come to him through
such a change.
"All I 4cnow of the contemplated ac
tion of the Regents of the University
of Illinois is what I read in the morn
ing papers," said President Wheeler.
••Therefore I do not wish to discuss the
Question of what I would do in case it
was offered to me. I do not want to be
put in the position of declining or ac
cepting positions that have not been of
fered to me.".
In view of President Wheeler's un
equivocal statement after his return
from the East last summer that he
intended to devote the rest of^hls life
to educational work in California, it is
unlikely that he would accept the pres
idency of Illinois. At that time it was
rumored that he would accept the Em
baBsadorship to Germany.
President Wheeler was interviewed
to-day regarding the dispatch from the
East to the effect that he is considered
a candidate for the presidency of the
University of Illinois, to fill the va
cancy caused by the resignation of
President A. S. Draper to accept the
office of State Commissioner of Educa
tion In New York. . »
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2HS Center Street, April 2.
Little Likelihood That He
Will Accept Place in View
of His Recent Statements
Blaze; Consumes ~ -Twelve
Hundred | CUickens a arid
Destroys Brooder
Man AVho Entered Dr. Carle
ton?s Home in Early Hours
Is to Be Put in Sanitarium
Houses of Worship Elab
rorately Decorated With
Easter Lilies and Greens
Claim, That Incinerator, Can
Handle but I^rtion of. Re
fuse: and Order Is Invalid
Several 3Iinor Changes Made in the
Postal Serrice and Orders Issued
-''. by War Department.
WASHINGTON. April 2.—Postmast
ers^ commissioned: * California— Edith
Meader, Brawley; Irvln Sweeney. Mc-
Klttrick; Ita R Browne. Prospect
Park." i ¦¦"¦ .:.-•¦/¦
V War Department orders: Major Sam
uel Y?- Dunning.""'' assistant adjutant
general, -.is relieved from duty
in the office of the'adjutant general,
and will. proceed to San Francisco and
.report?to the commanding general of
the • Department of California for duty
as adjutant general of that depart
ment. ':) }.-• V V><C'.' .
Major -John R. Williams, assistant
adjutant general, is relieved from duty
at the headquarters : of , the Depart
ment of California, and will proceed to
Manila and report r to the commanding
general of the Philippines division.
Corporal George C Blsel. Company
C. .Tenth Infantry, stationed at the
T^esidlo, is transferred to Troop' C.
Eleventh Cavalry.. as a private. Upon
the arrfval of that regiment at San
Francisco he will report j for duty.
Private Edward Trembley, ' Sixty
eighth Company. Coast Artillery, at
Fort Baker, is transferred to the Signal
.Corp*, and will be sent to.the Benicla
Barracks.
Sergeant Charles L. Myers, Hospital
Corps, now at the General Hospital at
the Presidio, will be sent to Fort. Mc-
Dowell, Cal.. for duty with the com
pany of instruction of the Hospital
Corps Instead of being sent to the
Philippines division, as directed by
letter of th« War Department of Jan
uary 11. 1904.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLED
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
MANY V ARE .ARRESTED
ONLY READS DISPATCH
WAS CEUSHED BY CARS.
FINISH PREPARATIONS
STARTS IN INCUBATOR
WILL BE RESTRAINED
President of the University
Knows : Nothing of the
Presidency of /Illinois
Scavengers Violate the Ordi
nance Prohibiting Dump
ing of Garbage in Oakland
Wealthy Young Oaklander
Placed Under Charge of
James Kankin by Court
Fire Breaks Out at County
¦-'Hospital,- but the Flames
Are Quenched by Sufferers
Special Programmes Will
Be Kendered in Oakland
by Augmented N Choirs
Maurice E. Geary Dies From
Effects of an Accident in
Which His Spine Is Broken
WHEELER DOES
NOT GET OFFER
DEATH RESULTS
FROM INJURIES
SEEK TO EVADE
CREMATORY LAW
EASTER MUSIC
IS ANNOUNCED
PATIENTS SAVE
THE INFIRMARY
HAND OF LAW
ON THOMPSON
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SJN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY; APRIU:3. 1904.
Love Is always far-sighted.
BAN: JOSE. Aurll.' 2ir-A • alight /' eartha'uake
occurredln this city > at '11:40 ; a.; m., to-day. :
38
By Archer Butler Hulbcrt.
Everybody Is ' Reading . It.
-¦ Everybody .Wants It.
Tells All About ?. Russia's Secret
; : Intrigue In : , Korea. * ; .
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
And How the i Koreans Buried
the Queen' Without 1 A Corpse.
THE BEST BOOK OP THE
YEAR.
Historically True.
THE QUEEN OP QUELPARTE
By. Archer Butler il.ilbcrt.
Everybody Is Reading It.
Everybody Wants It.
Tells AH About Ru&sm'* Secret
Intrijruc in Korea.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
And How the Ivor.Mns Duried
the Queen Without a Cori>sic.
ORDER FOR THE '
pREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK;
atll ThU Ord« to Tl» Sta Tria«l«eo CiU Wlt>. 73«.
-:¦ The San FranciscolCttl, .
San Francitco.'CaL!
¦ Inclosed 1 pie ase : find r7Se. for which; send ma oo«
, copy; bi .The Call's -Great Twentieth Century Cooh Book. (Fif'.y
C«nt»is : The Call's PrenaJurn rate to alliM six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 25c tj .:
to prrpay shipping charges.) H*SBB«HB
;siGKKr :;..ii.....:;.;.;:v..V;:v.,
"/¦ STRSJfT .....W.;^...;.Vv... ..;...i..,
- CITYi ..... >„' ..:^ .;.. .^..^.- ... .... ..;..;.;-..V;:^. u
state .¦.^...;.......,^;...y;......... ...;..;.;.....„.;.;
THE "BOOSTERS ARE
BOOSTING." .
.' If \you contemplate buying a
SUBURBAN HOME — do it now.
Our. REAL ESTATE columns
contain some, snaps; to-day.
Tired of ivorklnc for v*-ap^s?
Rend our BUSINESS CHANCE
COLUMN.
Splendid opportunities for
Investment.
OAKLAND,
1118 Broadway.
Telephone 3Iain 1083.
BERKELEY-
2148 Center Stfcet._
Telephone North ~*~-
ALA3IEDA.
1435 : Park Street. ¦.¦¦
Telephone Alameda 4o»—
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
THE BEST BOOK OF THE
-•; . . .YEAIl.:.. •;-'-.::e.
Historically True.
THE QUEEN OP QUELPARTEf STEAMER BREAKTTATER, WHICH
j WILL flVX BETWEEN* THIS CJTY
j AXD COOS BAY. .
TO sail.
United States Coast and •¦'¦- Geodetic ¦- Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low. Wat era
.at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Sun, , Moon and .Tide.
The Time - Ball on the tower of th» Ferry
building was dropped. exactly at noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p.' m. Greenwich ' time. -• J. C." BURNETT, ¦•:
-- . Lieutenant: U.:S.;N.. In chars*.
Branch Hydrographio Office.' V.' S.'N..- Mer
chant*' ' Exchange, • 6an Francisco. Cal..
April 2. 1004. . .
Time Ball.
Steamer. : .. For. < ¦¦¦', * f Sails.. -
Dolphin...... Skagway.& Way-Ports. Apr., 4
City Seattle.. Skagway & .Way Ports. Apr. 6
J. Dollar..... Valdez & Seward *.*. . . Apr. 9
Dirlgo....... • Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 10
I«t tha: Valdez 4 Way ; Ports. .(Apr. 10
Al-KI .... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 12
CotUige City. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. .13
Santa Ana... Valdez &. Way Ports.. Apr. 16
To Japan— 10, 650 ctls barley. 22.156 lbs
sugar. 3&>0 lbs 4 cs meals, U003 cs canned
t-alrr.on. 153 cs assorted canned goods, 271
lbs nuts, 1666 lbs butter. . 127 pkgs table prep
arations. 53 -pkgs groceries and provisions, 8
c* whifkey. 256 gals wine. 6 ctls corn. 9 bales
hay. 30 ctls oats, 1730 : lbs: dried, fruit, 1320
lbs raUlns, 11S9 lbs bam and bacon, 11&6 lbs
cheete,* 2727 lbe coffee. 6 cs paints.- 10 bales
leather. '50 flasks quicksilver, 50 cs rubber
boots, 11 pkgs dry goods, 24 bales cotton duck,
S8 bales cotton sheeting. 442 pkgs bicycles
and sundries. 40 pkgs drugs and sundries, 35
pkffs agricultural Implements. 163.148 lbs pig
lead 31U bdls 104 pes steel. 04 ' pkgs paper. 9
pkgs rubber goods. 22 pkgs chemicals. 138
rkgs machinery, 335 pkgs building material.
134 <KX> lbs tan bark. 212 bxs : soap." 50 bbls
oak extract. 101 cs nails. •- 319 rolls 18 c«
leather. 5OC2 gals alcohol, 1100 lbs sulphur.
106 pkgn electrical cuppUes. ." .™.
To Philippine Islands— 9450 lbs bread. 1022
c* canned goods. 10.100 lbs hominy. 100 c*
whiskey. 123 gals gin, 1550 crta potatoes, 20
c* meata. 5 pkgs groceries and provisions, 300
bbls bottua beer, 6 pkss table preparations. CO
. The British steamer Coptic sailed yesterday
for Hongkong via Honolulu. Yokohama and
Manila with a general merchandise cargo, val
ued at $193,074. to be distributed as follows:
For Japan. *13«W>72; Philippine Islands. $31~
SM; China, $22,276: East Indies. S1860: Slam.
JM\ The - following were the . principal ex
port*:
The Coptic's Cargo.
The Brltifb thip Madagascar is chartered for
barley to Euroj/e at 10s' 9<J. ¦'
Tne vcbooner Willis A. Holden loads lumber
on Puget Sound for Shanghai.
XEWS OF Tlffi OCEAN*.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
April 3. ¦ v*
Eureka.... Humboldt ;... 9 am Pier 13
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
April 4. . t
Pomona.... Humboldt ......... 1:30 p Pier 9
April 5.
Valencia..: Seattle & Tacoma. 2 pm Pier 9
Bonita..... Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Umatllla. . . Puget Sound Ports: 11 am Pier 9
April 6..
Arcata..... Coos B. * Pt. Orfdl 4 pm Pier 13
. April 7.-^.-:. . ¦¦:- .-\:
Spokane.... Humboldt l:30pPIer 9
Oregon..... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
. Stau of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
' Curacao. . . . Mexican Ports . . . : 10 am Pier 11
V April 9.s
Elizabeth.. Coquille River..... 10 am Pier 20
Argro ....... Eel River Ports ... 4 pm Pier a
S. Cruz..'... San Pedro t Way. 9 am Pier. 11
Jeanie.*:.... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Newport.... N.* Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
.'¦ •-¦;-¦ ¦ ¦¦ ..April 10.. : v. .¦ ¦. - -¦
' , > ': Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Senator April 13. | I
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 111 am Pier 24
v • April 14. | | -:
Ventura Sydney & Way Pts. 2 pm I Pier 7
- ;.. r. .-:. April 15. . j | .
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier " 9
Centennial.. Seattle &<Tacoma: 5 pm Pier 20
O.LIndauer Grays Harbor.;. 1 ... 4 pm Pier 10
' FROM . SEATTLE. „
J. P. Chaise, who lives at West Berkeley.
sustained extensive injuries on the head'yes
terday through the fall . of some cargo gear
on the ship Noeml. At the Harbor Hospital
it was found that Chase's lower Jaw. cheek
bone and possibly bis skull were fractured.
The KChooner Golden Shore, which started
yesterday for Eureka, returned to port to land
a sa i lur who had eertously - injured one of
hl« thumb*. . . •
John Ferem. former superintendent of the
Sailors' Home, ; has. purchased a controlling
interest in the shi? Spartan.
The crew of the British ship Hyderabad
has been transferred to the Travancore, which
cleared yesterday for Queenstown.
Dr. dimming*. - surgeon in -charge of the
Federal quarantine station at this port, left
yerterday for Southern ¦ California on. a brief
vacation.
The British 'chip Madagascar has been char
tered to take a car;o of barley to the United
Kingdom at lus Od, one of the lowest charters
on record.
Captain Auld of the British ship Kj nance,
which ¦ Is owned by the owners of . the La
morna, was ordered yesterday by cablegram
from London to investigate the reported speak
ing of the Lanwrni by the scnooner W. H.
Smith. . .
Water Front Notes.
ARRIVED.
; , '. ' Saturday. April .2.
Stmr Pomona. Swanson, 17 hours from Eu
re stmr Melville: Dollar, Foscn, 37 hours from
San Pedro ' ' • : .- i'l; ' ' : ,' ; •
Stmr Charles Nelson. Gunderson, 44 hours
from San Pedro, with schr Emma Claudlna in
tow. ¦ ' ¦ ' - ¦
Stmr Bonlta/ Glelow. 68 hours from Newport
and way Borts.- * ' . - _•
-Stmr Maggie, ¦ Corning, 4 hours from Half
moon Bav. ¦ • . ¦ • "¦ ¦.;¦"-¦¦ '
Schr Emma Claudina, ' Peterson, 44 houra
from. San Pedro. . _ ". ' _ .' ¦ .,
Schr. North Bend, Jackson, 5 days from
Coos Bay. . _^ • .„ .
Tug Sea 'Rover. Thompson. 12 -hours from
Fort Bragg. -->¦ ,. • „ , ',
Lightship No. 70, Keanelly, from moorings
outside San Francisco heads. ,. . ,¦ ' ;r/<-
CLEARED.
' Saturday, . April 2.
1 Stmr City of Sydney, McLean, Panama, etc.,
P M S S Co.; : '- :- ' ' ¦' " ; .;-"'¦.
Stmr Alameda, Dowdell,. Honolulu", J. D.
Spreckel* & Bros. Co." , , 1
Stmr Llkl Likl. Berg. Honolulu. J. D. Spreck
els &"Broa. Co. ' ' . .
Bktn S. N. Castle. Nllson. Honolulu, J. D.
Spreckels & Bros. Co. ... .;'".*
Br stmr Coptic- Armstrong. Hongkong- and
Yokohama.' via. Honolulu, O & OS S Co.
Br stmr Wycfleld, . Watson, Nanalmo.'.West- i
ern Fuel Co. : ' . - . ,
Br ship •Travancore, Whelan. . Queenstown,
G. W; Me Near: " . ' „ "
Schr Repeat," Wilson, Apia and Pago, Pago,
John- Wlghtman Jr. . . ¦'•¦-:.> ,
Schr Stanley, Wallstedt, codnshing. Union 1
Fi^hco. --.'V-s AlL ED;\;'"y. ¦¦"' '-
.• J i ;. Saturday. April 2.
Stmr Alameda. Dowdell. 1 Honolulu.
' Stmr George W. Elder.^Randall,; Astoria,
¦ - Ptmr • Maggie. Corning:, Halfmoon , Bay. ¦'¦
Schr Jennie Griffin. Glbeon. Point Reyes. -;
Stmr City of Sydney,* McLean.; Panama, etc.
Stmr Sletial.. Bendegard.. Coos Bay. ,
Stmr Argo, Dunham. Port Kenyon.
Stmr Lika*Lika (New) Berg.: Honolulu, '"
Schr Luzon, <; Christensen. Astoria. - I
Br- stmr- Coptic,: Armstrong, Hongkong and
Yokohama; via Honolulu.- ',- '
Brsttnr Wyefleld,' Watson, Nanalmo. ,
-Ship Star of • RusslaA Ltndberg. Karluk.
Bktn-SN.' Castle. "Nllson, Honolulu.
' Schr Glendale.";Gronwald. - Klawack.
- ; Schr sBella ; Jansson,"; Caspar, ' In tow of. tug
Sea-Rover. ._,-' - -". ¦_-¦ ' ' . •
Schr Glen, iMoe. Gray?? Harbor.
Schr Golden : Shore, i Raiimussen, ... Eureka, ,
Schr Andy Mahoney.* Anderson,' Astoria.' ''
Schr Annie' Larsen, ,W»|te,i Tacoma. ,
¦:•'-.: V V 5 TELEGRAPHIC. ; ' '.-¦¦', -
POINT -"liOBOS."-'' April if 2.U0 pj . m.— Weather
cloudy; wind south;. velocity 12 miles per hour.
"¦ > DOMESTIC PORTS.- ' " ' , •
'SEATTLE-^-Arrived;: Apr 2— Stmr Rainier,
hence Mar. 29. *-.- ,,..,,..
Sailed Apr, 2— Stmr Excelsior, for Valdez. ,
.' Sailed > Apr j 2, 5 :30 p m — Stmr Jeanie, \ for
San /Francisco. ;.' : V . i „ '«r- "
¦'¦¦ : COOS ; BAY— Arrived ;¦ Apr . - 2— Stmr Arcata,"
hence Aor 30. - 4 _*'i ; /2,,i '''•',¦ '„ "¦-'¦;
- i Arrived Apr 2 — Stmr /finance, from Eureka.
'Arrived : Apr 2— Schr James A. Garfleld, from j
"Arrived Apr 2— Stmr'Czarlna,\hence Mar 31.
1 galled Apr 2 — Btmr Alliance, for AitorU.
Shipping Intelligence.
J According to a cablegram received j-ester
<3ay from Shanghai, the schooner Eldorado
is still ashore at the entrance to Yangtse
River. A steamer, with lighters and steam
pumps, has been sent to her assistance.
Eldorado Is Still Ashore.
Steamer.. From. . I .Due.
Aurelia Portland & Astoria.... Apr.' 4
Coronado.... Grays Harbor.'. ..:..... Apr. 4
SUteof Cal.. Ban Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 4
Oregon Portland Sc Astoria... . Apr. 4
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports.. Apr. 4
Arcata "Coos Bay & ft, Orford.|Apr. 5
Jeanie Seattle <& Tacoma Apr. 5
Spokane HumboMt ............. Apr. 5
Newburg Grays Harbor Apr. b
Mongolia Norfolk . ....""... Apr. 5
! Hero Oyster. Harbor. ...... '. . Apr. «
I Santa Cruz..". San Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. €
Eureka Humboldt ............. Apr. 6
6enator Puget Sound Port*.... Apr. 6
City of Para. . New York via Panama. Apr. A
Korea China and Japan...... Apr. 8
Elizabeth.... Coquille River......... Apr. 7
Argo Eel River Ports. Apr. - 7
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 7
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 8
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 9
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. (Apr. 10
Centennial... Seattle &. Tacoma.... . Apr. 10
Rainier '.. Seattle <t Whatcom. . . . Apr. 10
City Puebla.. Puget Sound . Ports. ... Apr. 11
Calif ornlan.. New York..:.... ;..... Apr. 11
San Jose l<New York via Panama. Apr. 13
Sun 'rises..... 5:52
Sun seU... ;.... •••'••'
Moon rises:.......-.------- 10:13. p.- m.
O Time I Time j Time Time
» i' Ft. I Ft.' Ft. Ft."
* h'^' ]lw h w l w
3 8.617:31 0.2 2:22 4.817:261 2.2
4 1:46 5.6 8:27 0.2 3:22 4.4l 8:12! 2.7
5 2-:W 5.51 9:25 0.4 4:27 4.31 0:12] . 3.1
9 0:53 3.11 6:37| 4.4| 1:15 O.S 8:231 . 4.7
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and ! the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day except when there are but three tld.es. as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts." except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height; and then the number
elven is subtracted from the depth given by
' the charts. The plane of reference is the mean
I of the lower, low. waters. :•'.
TO ARRIVE.
Movement of Steamers.
SUNDAY, APRIL 3.
The • statement of business in the
Recorder's office . for the month of
March, 1904, shows that there were
3512 documents filed, of which the most
important were: Agreements, 31; bills
of sale, 85; building:' contracts, 177;
deeds, 1083; deeds of trust, 126; leases,
62; marriage certificates, 263; mort
gages (real), 432; mortgages (personal),
215; reconveyances, 88; releases (real),
322; releases (personal), 115; miscel
laneous; 513. '^.^i
The cash receipts were . $5511 95, a
gain of $369 80 over March, 1903. .
Business of- Recorder's Office.
. .Bay. Published by official authority of th«
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high ¦ and low waters occur at
tho city fr&nt (Mission- street wharf) about 25
minutes later than.at;Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same, at both places. •
I NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 2— Stmr Prinzes*
.Victoria T Louise,? from t Bermuda. '¦ - . ' • • ¦
. Sailed Apr v 2— Stmr ¦. Pennsylvania. - for : Ply
mouth"; • stmr ' Minnetonka.i for « London : >. stmr
Etruria, ; for, Liverpool: stmr St. Louis, for Ply
mouth; . 8tmr Columbia/-, for ¦"- Glasgow; : «stmr
Finland, for." Antwerp: stmr California, for Gib
raltar;^ stmr..' Prlnzese |. Irene, j, for; Naples : and
Genoa: •stmr.lLaurentlan,,- for.» Glasgow. = . -• .
i Arrived t Apr i 2— Stmr i La ; Torraine, from
;- NAPLES— Arrived .Apr 2— Stmr :i/ombardle,
f rom : New . York, v.;--' : ' ;; ..-.._ ; .: ¦ '-
Sailed Apr 2— Stmr Calabria, for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed; Apr 2— Stmr Kroonland,
for New York.^v " .„ £ J
¦¦'¦ GLASGOW— Sailed Apr. -2— Stmr - Siberian,
for Philadelphia. . <:¦:. ..- --¦- '... .:'•'.; •-¦; _ .->¦¦- "
HAVREj-Sailed Apr , 2— Stmr ; La Torraine,
for New York, v ; ¦'•'.' - * x ¦-•.:'¦
- BELFAST— Arrived V .Mar 80— Stmr New
,York;= from Southampton. , o _"
LIVERPOOL. — Arrived . Apr . 2-rStmr Cam
pania* from » New • York.K'-^ . t- ;„ ¦-. - - ~
-Apr 2 — Stmrs Celtic : and Umbrla, for
New I York : • stmr | Siberian,; for | Philadelphia. M
LONDON— Sailed - Apr '¦ 2— Stmr. Mlnnehaha,
for New .York, v • ;'.-; ',' : ; " ~" ;l : v * ' : "- ¦'_" "'-'¦
ST.* VINCENT— Arrived prior to Apr 2— Stmr
OCEAN : STEAMERS.
NORFOLK— Sailed- Mar v 31— Br stmr Queen
Christina," for 'Manila. v . ., _ " •
i ' FOREIGN PORTS. I * "
» TOCOPILLA— Arrived Mar IS — Br bark Dun
dee,-from-Whatcom. ; ' >. -¦•-:. • -. ••- .-..¦.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Mar 10— Fr bark
Dieppedalie." from Hamburg.
Sailed. Mar 15 — Br. *hlpCeltlcburn, for New
caetle,-Aus.."- not f Port # Townsend. ¦¦. •••" ¦ -
.- SI NGAPORE— Arrived - ; Mar ..; 11— Br ; stmr
Nlng -Chow, from Liverpool;.' for Vancouver. •
• COLON-^-Arrived ' Mar ¦ 29— Stmr Seguranca,
from'- New York; - .-. . ','¦; , . •. •
Sailed Mar . 30— Stmr City ; of Washington,
for • New: York. .'-:.•.
.CORINTO — Arrived Mar 17 — Ger stmr Menes,
from Hamburs. ;. \~ ¦¦•„ ¦ > v . -_ > - ">^.
GUATEMALA— Arrived Mar;- IS— Ger - stmr
Mera,' hence Fob > 1 4, • for , Hamburg.',.- . -
SANTA ROSALIA — Arrived Mar • 10— Ger
ship Tarpenbek, * from .' Hamburg.' ;
NEWCASTLE," '.; AUS.— Sailed 'Apr. 1— Ship
Jabez * Howes, ¦ for . Honolulu, and not * as previ
ously reported. - ; ' ; ¦-"¦•• ¦:¦¦•*} " •"'¦-" .--'¦¦
TABLE;-; BAY— Arrived Mar 18-^-Br bark
Nivelle,; fromChemtslnus. -. . , . : .
ST.; .VINCENT— Passed Apr 1— Ger «tmr.
Abydos, • hence' Dec 1§.- for ', Hamburg. •
tf LIMERICK— In port Mar 16^-Br ship. Queen
Victoria.^ fori Honolulu," ¦ via, Cardiff." '
: SYDNEY— In port Mar 9— Br, ship : Eskasonl,
for San , Diego, .via Newcastle, »Aus. . ,-.
' HONGKONG— Arrived prior Apr 2— Br stmr
frotn 1 Vancouver. . -.:¦-- ¦
: .VICTORIA, B.,. C— Arrived Apr, 2— Stmr
City of- Puebla.'; hence ; .'- '": : •-
Sailed Apr '2 — Br .; stmr. Moana,. for Sydney.
HONOLULU— Arrived 3 Apr 3 2— Ital bark
Mlchele Blanchl. from Newcastle, AU3. ; schr
Aloha,' hence Mar:6.« ¦'<-¦¦¦¦ •
. EASTERN. PORTS. '
PORT HARFORD— Arrived Apr 2, 3 p m—
Stmr Alcazar, hence 'Mar '31." ;
Sailed Apr 2— Stmr Alcazar, for, San Fran
cisco.' " '. ¦>'¦.-'
Arrived. Apr 2— Stmr Santa Cruz, hence Apr
1, and sailed' at midnight. for San Pedro.
PORTTOWNSEND — Arrived Apr 2— Br ship
County of Linlithgow, hence Mar 25.
Arrived .. April - 2— Ger ! ship Thekla, hence
Mar 20. -
TACOMA— Sailed Apr 2— Schr Carrier Dove,
for San Pedro. - ¦ ' ' ' ¦ •"....
"GRAYS; HARBOR— Arrived Apr 2— Schr A.
B. Johnson,* from San Pedro; schr Novelty,
hence Mar !6; schr Lizzie Vance,- hence Mar
27; schr Sausalito. from San Pedro. .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Apr 2— Stmr
San Mateo. for Tacoma. =" '• •
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Apr 2— Ger bark
Ecuador.'for United Kingdom.
TATOOSH— Passed In Apr 2— Schr Lottie
Bennett, from San Pedro, for • Port, Townsend.
Passed out Apr 2 — Stmr Shawmut, for China.
Passed . April 2 — Br ship : Clan / Buchanan,
from Honolulu, for Port Townsend: stmr City
of Puebla, - hence Mar 31, for Victoria.
Passed out Apr 2 — Stmr George Loomls. from
Seattle; for- San Francisco; Br stmr Moana,
for Sydney.-- •
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Apr 2— Schr Louise,
for Umpqua; schr Caroline, for Umpqua River;
schr . Lizzie Prlen. . for Coquille River; schr
C. S. Holmee, for
ASTORIA— Sailed Apr 2— Stmr Oregon, for
San Francisco.- : F t ' . ..
Arrived Apr 2— Schr J. H. Lunsmann, from
Honolulu. - - ...
Arrived 'Apr 2— Schr. W. F. Witzemann.
hence M«r 27. ' ' -
VICTORIA — Sailed . Apr . 2 — Br stmr Moana,
for Sydney. - . ,.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Apr 2— Schr Maweema.
for Port Townsend.' i
• EUREKA— Arrived : Apr . 2— Stmr Spokane,
hence Apr I ; schr O. • M. Kellogg, from - San
Pedro; ¦:-¦ - ; - -'¦-'- '¦' -.< ':--'-¦ •¦--- : - : " - '
REDONDO— Palled Apr 2— Stmr . "Whlttler,
for-San Francleco.'. . .: • ,
;; PORT. GAMBLE— Arrived Apr 2— Schr Cam
ano, heiice Mar 20. • . »
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Apr 2— Bktn Kllkl
tat. for Honolulu. * '__; ,'T.itr.
' ISLAND PORT.
Nlcarla, from Tacoma, San Francisco, etc., for
Hamburg. ; j v t .... ¦
Seaman, which was purchased at New Or
leans by the John D. Spreckels & Bros. Co..
and which arrived her« Friday evening, docked
yesterday at Pacific-street wharf, where eh«
attracted considerable attention. Fine weather
favored the Breakwater, throughout her long
patsare, except for a few days after emerg
ing on this side from the Straits. of Magellan.
In the heavy gale then encountered she proved
hervelf a splendid eea boat. Tne Breakwater"
was formerly engaged In the fruit trad*, run
ning out of New Orleans. In lines and gen
eral appearance she is quite yachtlike and
wilK be the smartest looking steamer engaged
In the coast trade. She will run between here
and Coos Bay, earning coal and passengers.
Some changes will have to be made to adapt
her for the trade in which she will be en
gaged and she will not be ready for service
fcr about a month. Her passenger accom
modations are particularly fine. She will carry
forty-five cabin and twenty steerage passen
gers and will offer them comforts not found
In any other coasting craft.
The Breakwater brought a cargo of young
alligators from New Orleans. It was a small
cargo, for the miniature monsters cumbered
only three. They were purchased In New
Orleans by F. R. Famuets of J. D. Spreckels
& Bros. Co. Mr. Samuels yesterday removed
two of his ugly pets to his home. One of
the two removed was much livelier than the
other and would not enter his barred cage
until Mr. Samuels had placed the obstrep
erous monster under a hypnotic spell. To do
this the Samuels forefinger was placed within
an inch cf the reptile's huge mouth and rap-
Idly twirled around the- alligator's gnarled
snout. . Mr. Samuels ehowed no fear of his
wild pet. which offered its master no harm,
but gradually sank into a ctupor, from which
a snap of the hypnotic finger later awoke it.
The. Steamer- City of Sydney sailed yester
day for' Panama and way ports with an as-
Borted merchandise cargo, valued at $07,172,
tcbe distributed as follows: 'For Central
America. (44.41S; Mexico.^ $1704; ' Panama.
J6261;- Colombia. S1130; New York, 943.489;
Jamaica, 975; Australia, $95. The leading ex
ports were as follows: • ' ¦
To Central America.— 3149 bbls flour. 2814
gals 20 cs wine, 63 - o> whiskey, 16 casks
bottled beer. 15,558 lbs rice. 1000 lbe lard, 220
cs canned goods. 2314 lbs 2S cs spice*. 19 pkgs
table " preparations, 73 ' pkgs groceries andi pro
visions. 179 pkgs potatoes, 13 pkgs onions,
S70 lbs codfish. 558 lbs nuts. 2553 lbs 6 cs
dried fruit. 16 pkgs- meals, 1252 lbs raisins,
446 lbs » ham and . bacon. 1081 lbs 298 tins
bread. 102 ctla barley. 300 lbs hops. 7S5 lbs
beans, -75 cs 4 bbls salmon, 8 pkgs paste. 70
pkgs machlnc-ry. 25,000 lbs cement. 239 ce
coal oil. 2454 lbs bluestone. 262 bars Iron,
S9.570 lbs feheet lead, 7577 lbs rosin. 104 bdls
46 pes pipe, 233 sks coal, H239 lbs asphaltum,
65 flarks quicksilver, 6 bdls, brooms, 44.545
lbe tallow, 10 pkgs drugs, 16 bales cotton,
73 pkgs dry goods, 9433 lbs soda, 25 colls rope,
216 pkgs'p&lnts and oils, 62 pkgs paper, 10 cs
tar. 5500 ft lumber. 4C00 lbs eulphur.
To Mexico — 28 cs canned goods, 362 lbs
bread, 40 pkgs > shooks, 13 pes steel, 2 bars
Ircn, 4 cs hardware, 2 cs electrical supplies.
To Panama — 25O bbls flour. 8S30 lbs sugar.
1000 bxs coap. 9351 gals wine, 9600 lbs rice. U
bdls paper.
To Colombia — 167 bbls flour, 624 gals wine,
2 crts potatoes and onions. /
To New York— 75.4S0 gals wine. 27 gals
brandy, 25 cs canned goods, 169 flanks quick
silver, 157,062 lbs pig lead, 12.640 lbs dry
hides. 6734 lbs lead dross, 77 bales cattle hair,
70 hales junk. -
To Jamaica — 25 cs canned salmon.
Exports by the Panama S« ramrr.
The- British ship Travancore was cleared
yesterday for Queenstown, for orders, with
71.721 ctls wheat, . valued at $100,400, and 35,
000 ft lumber as dunnage, valued at $525. -
Wheat for Europe..
Three liners and a small steamer
started from this port yesterday on
long ocean voyages. The Oceanic
Steamship Company's Alameda sailed
at 11 a. in. for Honolulu, the City of
Sydney left at noon for Panama and
way ports and at 1 o'clock the Coptic
cast off her lines at the Pacific Mail
wharf and started for the Orient. The
little steamer Like Like, recently built
at the Union Iron Works for the Wilder
Steamship Company, sailed at 10 o'clock
for Honolulu. She is to be used In the
interisland trade.
The Alameda, Coptic and City of
Sydney each carried a full cargo.
The Alameda's passengers included
the following named:
ifVs Marion Ball, fount IZ. Bonrl. Joseph
H. <tierry. William Cbchrane. Harry Oavls.
«3. n. Field. E. Fisher, W. E. Oage. Miss
M. Heywood. T. J. Hoffman, W. H. Hudson.
F. M. Husted. J. Sutherland Uoss. P. Schnel
ler. Miss U. Sprague, A. Vizzazona, C. N.
nvav«r. Carl H. W«?il.
Among those that sailed on the Cop-
Li c were:
For Yokohama. — F. E. KernaU. H. Gotoh.
Kpv. a. OKmans, Mrs. A. Oltma.n« and three
rhildren. Ot!s A. Poole.
Toj* Kobe— A. C. Bryer. Mrs. H. V. Ilenson.
R". O. Mors<\ WilJlam J. Schroth.
For Xatasaki— P- A. Croethwalte. E. Quack
:-nbu»h. n. V.'eil.
Tor Manila— L. E. Glover. O. B. Lehmer.
ijeorgc MMdleton. T. G. Nea.1, Oeorre W,
Read Jr.. M. X. C. "W»{nh*r»?er, A. E. Yeager.
For Honpkotut — 3- liector. L<udovic Brig
naudy. H. Eca da Silva, Fi^d W. Hartford,
J. A. Kalbach, Mrs. J. A. Kaibach. B. "VVlght
tnan, Wcnr Fook.
»
Brcaktratcr Like a Yacht.
The »t earner Breakwater. Captain George
pkrs fresh fruits. 160 crts steel lathing. 104
pVfc* wire groods. 200 ker» white lead. 4O pkgs
paper. ! 18 bJIs rhooka, 12 \ pkffs drugs and
sundries. 4 cs hate, 1O pkgrs machinery, 2 cs
arras and ammunition. 8 pkgs hose. 35 cs
typewriters and parts. 10 cs boots and shoes,
S3 pkgs.electriral supplies.
To China— 3040 bbls flour. 8320 lbs meals.
11.670 lbs pearl barley. 3S56 lbs Cheese. 4542
lbs beans. 2995 lbs ham and bacon. 2000 lbs
codfish, 269 cs assorted canned goods, 79 pkgrs
irroceries and provisions.' 10 cs dried fruit. 1000
lbs dried peas. 20.172 lbs shrimp shells. 22
pkjrs fresh fruit. 5 cs firearms. 5 cs boots and
shoes, 6 pkjrs machinery, S pUgs dry goods.
To, East Indies — 330 cs canned salmon. 213
cs canned goods, 20 cs meals, 24S gals wine,
1 cs dried fruit. 3 cs rubber boots, 1 cs oilskin
hats," ; . •-•.¦. ¦ . . ' - v
To Slam — 2 pktrs druse.
THREE LINERS AND A SMALL STEAMER
START FROM HERE ON LONG VOYAGES
Steamship Alameda and the Little Like Like Sail
for Honolulu; Coptic Departs for the Far East
and the City of Sydney Leaves for .Panama
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. ;,SUKDAY, APRIL -3, :i904.
39
I f t,ummrr Wl Tralm Ibst* and m
I * r KOUTES / . I duo to strriv* at
VC>\^^^^Xy SAN KKANCISCO.
C \ y tMaln Line, Kerrj Depot,
i^r Foot of M*rkei aucct »
tJt*T« — f«om Fkhkpary 17. »*>4. — AsniTs^
74J0* VhchtIIIb. WlcVeiT. liun.x-/ 7.5Or
7-00 a Cenlcla. Solsan. ElmlrmauU Sacrv
meniu 7.20p
, 7 JO a Vallejo. Nap*. Caltstoe*. SacU
Kosa, Martinez, Sun Ramon 8-20?
7-30a Miles. Llvermore. Tracy, Lathrop.
Stock:on 7.20I"
84)0a Shasta Express — (Via 1mtU>.
WIllI»rai (for Bartlett S;>r!iic»>.
Willows. tKrato. KeU IHui.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7.51V
• f 4K)a Sarla. Woodland. Knlchts L.i::dta^..
v - '- Marr»*1He. Oro*llle 7^0?
140a Port Costa. Martinez. Antlocb.
Byroa. Tracy. StocXtoa, New-
Baa. Los Sanos. VI end ota.
?rmona. Haafurd. Vlsalta,
Port«rTllle "* 4.23f
|40a Port Coata. Martinez. Tmcy. I.»:'a-
',-*-. • . rop, Modesto. Merced. Fresco.
Goslien Janetlon. Haaford. >
Visslia. Bakenfletd ..'... 4.50P
140a KHes. San Jose. Ltvermore, Stuck-
tan. (tMlltoo). lone. Sacramento,
Flacerrtlle. MaryiTlMe, Cblco,
Ited Blaff... 4-20r
8.30a Oakilale. Chinese. Jamestown. So-
norm, Taolnmne and Aorels ..... 4-20i>
0.00* Atlantic Rxpress — Ozden »nd East. 11.20a
940a Blchmond. Martin m and War
SUtloaa - 6 60r
1000a Tae OTerland Limited — Ofdeo.
. -. Denrer. Omaha. Chlcasft. 8 20r
104W a Vallejo _ 12-20*
10.00a Lot Anjrelea Fassenger — Port
Costa. Martinez. Byron. Tracy.
. Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion. Hanford. Leraoore. Vlsalta.
Bekersfleld. Los Angeles 7-28>
11.00* Hayward. Ntletand Way Sutloni. 3.2Qr
11.00r Sacramento RlTer Steamers tli.Otfr
3 40^ Benlcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Kntsnts Landing. '
JI»ry«Ttlle. OroTtlle and way
stations 1050*
SJOr Hayward. Xties and Way 8UUons.. 7.60T
S40r Fort Costa, Martinez. Byroa,
Tracy, Lathrop, Modesto,
Merced. Fresno and Way Sta-
tions beyond Port Cotu..... ... 12.20>
S40r Martinet. Tracy. Stockton. Loilt... 10.20a
4 CQr MartIaei.SanlUmon.VslleJo.Nipa.
Callstosa, 8»nt» Rosa 9 20*
4 OOP Ktlea. Tracy. Stockton. Lodt I 4.20F
4-30r Hayward. Ntles. Xrrlngton, Saa} ta.SC*
Jose. Lit ermore J {11.50*
BCOp The Owl Limited— Newmaa. Los
Baaot. Uendota. Fresno. Tnlara,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles.
Ooldea SUte Ltmlied Sleeper.
" Oakland to Los Ansele*. for ChV ¦ -
eago. Tla C. R. I. &, P 8.50a
S.COr Port Cosu.. Tr»cy. Stockton 12-20r
\b-Z0r Hayward. Nflea and San Jos« ...„ \ 7.20*
6.00p Hayward. Nllea and Sin Jose. 3.54*
6 OOp Eastern Exprtsi— Op^i. Denrer,
Omaha, St. Loats. calcago and
East. Port Costa. Benlcla. Sul-
son, Klmlra, PaTls. Sacramento,
Roeklln. Aabura, Colfax.
Boca. Reno. Wad»
worth. Wlnnemoccai ............. 5 2*>
f .00r> Vallejo. dally, except Bandar.... I ? -.,
7-COp Vallejo, Sunday only f /•*»'
' 7JJ0r Klchmond. San Pablo, Port Costs.
. Martinez and Way Stations...... 11.20a
i-DSr Oregon it California Expreis— 3ac-
ramento, MarysTllle, Reddlag.
i Portland, Pajet Sound and East. 8.50*
0 .10* Hayward, Nllea aad Saa Jose (Sun- -
daronly) .11.50*
CQAST LINE (J»rrs» ws».).
(Foot of Market Street.) -
8.15a Newark. Ceaterrllle. 8aa Jose,
Felton. Boalaer Creek. Santa
Cms and Way Stations 5-55»
t2.1iF Kewark, CenUrrllle. Saa Jose.
Kew Almadea.Los6ato*.Feltoa. -
Boulder Crock, Santa Cru* and
Principal Way Stations ......... til 55*
4.1Br Kewark. SanJose. LoaG»to» aad I t8.S5*
— M _ waysutloaa ):1Q6S*
•S40> Hnaters Train, Satnrday only, Saa
Jose aad Way Stations. Return-
ing from Los Gains Sand ay «mly VJ 2S»
. OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SAM VRAKCISCO. Foot of Market eit. ( 5U?«»
— T7:15 »:00 11:00 *.M. 1.00 3.00 5.15 m.
Wtvta OAKLAND. Foot or Broadway — *h:uu «:81
1S:03 1Q:»0a.m. 12-00 2.00 400 T.m.
COAST LINE (Bread Kaaxt).
Vr (fblrd aad Townsend Streets.)
Saa Jose and Way Stations. .— 8-30r
7-COa Saa Jose and Way Stations B-3e>
• CO* New Almaden (Tnes.. Frld, inly). 4.10**
• .00a TbeCoaxter — Stop* only San Jom.
Gtlroy (connection for Hoi Ha-
ter). Pajaro. Caatrarllle (cos--
eection to and from Monterey
aad Paclflc OroTe), Sallnaa. Saa
Ardo, Paso Roots*. Saata Mar-
gmrlu. Ban Lnls Obitpo, prladpal
stations thence Sort (connection
•;. ' for Loiapoc). principal stations
. . ' thence SaBtaBarbmra,SanBaena>
Tentnra, Saagna. Loa Angeles... 18 44*
t. 00a tea Jose. Tres Plaoa. Capitols,
8anuCmx,PaclSc arore.SaHaaa,
San Lnls Oblspo aad Princloal
War Stations 4.10»
1040a Saa Jose and Way Station!.... .... 1.20r
1140a BaaU Clara, Baa Jose. Los Gat 91
aad Way Stations S 7-30p
1J0p Baa Jo»e and Way SUtlons 0 38*
" COOr ]) a i Monts Express— Santa Clara. .
- ' ' Saa Jose, Del Moate, Monterey,
- , Paclflc GroTB (eonaecU at Sanu -
¦ Clara for Santa Crux. Bonlder
Creek and Narrow GaagePotais) -,
'at Gilroy far Holllstcr. Tres
Plnos. at CattroTiiie for Salinas. 12 15*
SSVr Tres Plnos Wsy Pat«enasr. ........ 1044*
4 30p Ban Jose and Way Stations t2.03*
tSOflf Saa Jose, (Tl» 6anu Clara) Los
Gatos. aad Principal Way Sta-
tions (except Bandar) t900*
. »o.30p Eaa Jose and Prlnc! pal Way Stations 1940 a
0CO» Sunset Limited.— Redwood. Saa
.- - Jo«e,GUrey.Sallaaa,PasoKobles.
San Lais Oblspo. SaaU Barbara,
Los Angelas, Demla». Kl Pasa.
Kew Orleans. 'New York. Con-
" aecU at Pajaro for SaaU Cnu ~-
aod at CastroTfrjsi for Pacl2o
Grore and Way Buttons. ....... 7.1 1»
IS.IBr BaaMateo,Beresford,Bermoat.8aa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park. Palo Alto........... rS.4i*
6 HOr 8»n Jose and Way SUtlons 833*
•-0O Palo Alto aad Way Stations .. 10.1&*
11. Ma* South San Fraaetseo, MOlbra*. Bs»>
llagame. Saa Mateo, Be In oat.
Baa Carlos, Redwood. Fatr Oaks.
Menlo Park, and ralo Alto...... 049*
«114t7 May field, MounUla View. Snnny-
• : - r vale, La wreace. BaaU Clara aad
BaaJoee t0-4»»
? forMoralBg. P <ar Aiuraoosj. ~~
IBnoday exeepitd. tSanclayoaly
m Satnxday obit. -
I Btopc at all suttoas em Saaday.
Vr Oaly trains stosplng at Vaia acJa 8 V j-iwiTrt— JM
are*:18AJa^T:s»A.ji,U:»AJi-.J:30»afc.«:a8Fj».a*4
tzmrM - -.'. /. .
CAL1F0BNU NOBTBWESTESN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAII.W AT OOM7AHT.
Tltnroa rerry. . root of Market Street
SAW PBAN CISCO » TO SAST SAT ASX*.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30.' 0:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra, trl?
at 11:30 p.'-m;
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8 :C0. » :30. 11 :00 a. m. ; 1 :30,
3:30 5:00. 8:20. 11:30 p. m. .
SAW BAFAEL TO SAW FBAWCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05, 7:35, 7:50. 9:20. U:15
a. m.; 12:50, 3:40l 5:00. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8 :00. 0 A0. . 11 :13 a. m. : 1 :40.
3 ; 40. 4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. - • ¦
I In Effect j Arrlv»
gan Francisco. | Sept. 27. 1903. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destina- J Sun- I Week
. Days. \ days. | tlon. • . | days. | Days.
7:30a 8:00 a 0:10 a SM0»
0:30 a Lxnaclo. - 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p «:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p . . 7^5 p
7:30 a ~ 9:10 a 8:40 a,
8:00 a Novato, - 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30"a -Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
5:00 p Santa. Roea. '
7-30 a ' • - 110:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. f 7:35 p 6:20 p
3.30 p 3:30 p I .
Windsor..
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburg. 10:40 a 10:20 a.
. i ¦ Lytton, . »
3:30 p 3:30 p GeyservUle, .j 7:35 p 6:20 p
: •. : - Cloverdale,
7:30a 8:C0a Hopland 10:40a 10:20 a>
3:30p 3:30p| and Ukiah. 7:35 p 6:20p>
- 7:30 a|- 8:00 a}/ Wllllts. :;•¦- | 7:35 pt 6:2o"i>
7:30 al 8:00 al - " 110:40 al 10:20 a,
!i 3:30 p| 3:30 pf ' Gnernevllle. | 7 :35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al S:0Oa| Sonoma. I 9:10 at 8:40 »
5:10 pf 5:00 p[ Glen Ellen. : | 6:05 p| 6:20p
7:30 al 8:00 al . '...-.- , 110:40 a|10:20 a.
3:00 p| 3:30 p| Sebaatopol.; I 7:35 p[ 6:20p
¦ STAGES connect . at " Green - Brae ' for San
; Quentln. at . Santa ' Rosa i for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Springa; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
; gervllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for'
I the' Geysers,' Booneville and Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kelseyville. Carlsbad . Springs. Soda Bay.- Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at L'kiah for Vicar
Springs, Saratoga Springs.' Blue Lakes. Laurel
Pell Lake. Witter. Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo,
¦ Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. Uer!y"s. .
Bucknell*. Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville, Orr'a
Hot Springs, Halfway House, Comptche. Camp
Stevens;. Hopkins. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
.West Point. - Usal; at Wllliu . for Fort Bragg.
"Westport '- Sherwood,' Canto. Covelo. r Lay ton-
"ville Cummlnss, Bell's; Springs." Harris. Ol-
' sen's/? Dyer. N.Garberville. - Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka. ; •¦ "-> ' -' ' - '^'< ' . •
: Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
- On ¦ Sunday round-trip tlckeU to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. - ••:
- Ticket - offices. -> C3U ' Market s street, ? Chronic!*
I bU Hf C.'WHIT1SW R- X- RYAK.
Gen. Maoaser. Gen. Pass. Aft .
ADVEBTISETVTFiNTS.
WORLD'S FAIR OFFICIAL. ART SERIES; [
A Bee^itiftil Reproduction, iri
Color, of tke Magnificent
Palace o^Transportahbn
: NEXT SUNDAY—
i PALACE OF TRANSPORTATION.
• In , 1803 the flatboat and the packhorse were about the only, means of transporta-
tion available in the vast domain ceded. by \ France to the United States. ; There are to-
day. 65,000 miles. of railways in this same territory, its rivers are traversed by many
fleets, its troljey lines are innumerable and it is second to no country on earth in its
facilities for transportation. •.
The wilderness of 1803, now the heart.of the great republic,, has invited all the
world to gather at its greatest city and join, in celebrating its centennial anniversary.
At this celebration modern methods of transportation will naturally be given promi- ! ¦
-nent place, for without their potent assistance the Louisiana Purchase could nothave
, won . its . present proud position, could not have achieved its immense wealth and
power, could not have become a seat of empire in a single century.
. ' This commodious structure, unique in design and appearance, is admirably adapt-
ed to the purposes for which it is intended. It is rectangular, 525x1300 feet, cover-
ing nearly sixteen acres, ' and including over four miles of railroad track. No less
than 12,300,000 feet of lumber were used in its construction, and the architecture su-
; perbly conforms to the needs of the exhibits. • ', : .-
All the exhibits will be on the ground floor, and in the main, building locomotives,
cars and all large railway exhibits will occupy a central position, and every known
method of transportation be appropriately shown. • #
It will be seen that this picture is altogether different from other pictures of the
-¦ series, just as the Palace of Transportation .differs from -any other exhibit" palace. -
This difference gives the zest of variety and makes each picture the more highly ap-
preciated,' but the fact is that every person in the land ought to get EVERY PIC-
TURE and preserve an UNBROKEN "SERIES. ; I
. .Remember, there is no charge 4 for the pictures. . 1. ;¦
They Are Presented FREE With The Call.
. / \ \ /.Order in advance or you may disappointed. .
Tt ATT, WAY TEAVEL
RAJCLWATT TBAVEL.
* Ssr**J*Jll ft 8 f^wa
«\~ Bylfca Iff
CALIFORNIA
, LIMITED TO CHICAGO
LEAVES DAILY
at «):.*!()». m., through in 3 days.
with diner and all trapping*.
Other Santa 7e Trains:
n-'-?o »' IS' 1 t0 * S*°c kton « Fresno," Bakersfleld,
8 :00 p! m. J .-. Merced. Hanford and Visalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton. -
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
Chicago.;. - V
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
Perry Depot, 8. r. Also 1113 Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South First St..
San Jose. '
¦MSARRAFAEU
KOSS^AIJLEY,
MILL VALLEY;
iOZADERO, Etc
Via Saui alito rerry.
• Suburban. Senice, Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francsco Daily 7:00, • 8:00.
9:00. 10:00. 11:00 a. m.. 12:20, 1:45, .3:15,' 4:13,
5:15, 6:15, 7:0O,f8:45. 10:2l>. 11:45. p.. m.
¦FROMSANFATAEL TO SAN FKANCISCO
—Dally. 5:25, 6:35, .7:40. • 8:S5,- 9:35. '-'11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. ,1:45. 2:55. 3:45..,4:45. 5:45, 6:45.
8:45. 10:20 d. m. J ' ' ¦ .:
"FROM MILL VALL.ET TO SAN FRAN-
CISCO — Da.ly.-- 5:45,.- 6:33. 7:52, 8:55, 0:55,
11:20 am.. 1 12:35.- 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:03. 6:03,
7:05, '9:00, "10:33 p.. m.^ •' ' '
¦ :- -'••-' .THROUGH TRAINS. A ;
. 8:()0 ; a. m daily — Cazadero and way stations.
•' 6:15 p.-nr" week days (Saturday excepted)— 7
Tomales and 'way .stations, v. *¦ : ." *
. 3:15 p.. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way
stations. ; :"•'?' ¦¦¦-¦¦¦¦¦ . .
- "Sundays' only— 10 /a.* m.;> Point -Reye* and
way ortitlons ,. ¦ -. * .•/,'- >, '..-
' TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market «t.'.
'.FERRY— Union ' Depot. ' foot of- Market st. -
Mt. T am ALPA13 Railway
T.-'iLesire r-- VteSnslis* fmrj I '
ja»r>aadecs> f*e>tf sWtatfc^ Staiyrandwt
I Week Swv"~ .-¦¦.•--¦ s— -*.-, --- Son- IWeei '
Peym. day« 'd»y».: Days..
etMli*8tOOA sBWilttHI nToTf fd7J3
1'Mr »:OOa ¦raB l:35f »:SO P
6:lSr 1O:OOa W39f : »:»Or 5:50f
' 11:OOa. «:5Op »tM»
-in, 1 "¦ l:45p £2'^mMmr.?- «'«*-
T f- S:15r| T:00r .— «.
• •»»—» *Mssist«t» Us— mimanttm*
"tlCCB I a« Majuot ST^(Norta Shorn RaflroadT
; mm | aad Saisauxo Fxut. Foot Maikst Us
STATEMENT
Dr. Chas. K. Kolsraan
There seems to be a popular notion
that on account of a much more ex-
tensive equipment than my competi-
tors and the prestige afforded by my
extensive business, that my rates for
a cure of any ailment are proportion-
ately higher.
It is true that you can't get the best
results without using the best means,
but it is not true that it costs more
to flre a grun and hit the mark than
it does to miss it. My charges in
fact are lower than the lowest, and
ypu can deposit the money in any San
Francisco bank, to be paid when you
know a cure is perfect in every detail.
THE MANLY MAN
Has Muscular Strength* Keatal Ac-
tivity sad. Sexnal Power.
¦ If you are lacking in these essen-
tial elements of manhood come to my
office and consult me privately and
without cost. I ccn and will cite you
by permission to unnumbered cases
which I have cured safely, quickly
and permanently.
My cure for weak men makes the
blood rich and pure, the flesh firm,
itfi^ muscles, solid, and the nerves
strong end steady. It brfghtens the
brain by relieving it of all despond-
ency It stops every unnatural drain
and discharge, and gives perfect and
permanent power to the sexual or-
eans. In a v.ord. it. builds up the
nhvsical. mental and sexual man and
prepares him anew for the duties and
pleasures of sturdy manhood.
''• I also cure to Ftay cured VARICO-
CELE. STRICTURE. SPECIFIC
BLOOD POISON and all reflex com-
plications and associate diseases and
weaknesses of men. To these mala-
dies alone I have earnestly devoted 17
of the best years of my life.
If you cannot call at my office,
write your symptoms fully. I have
the most perfect system of home
treatment known to medical science,
address all letters to
G.K.HOLSMAN,M.D.
729 Market SU San francisco.
(Top Floor.) . ¦
Hours— 8 to 8 dally; 9 to 12 Sundays.Continued on Page 41, Column 3.
The heart's protest against death is
the promise of life.
Berkeley Council of the Order of
Pendo will give its. first entertainment
and dance in Lorin Hall, South Berke-
Berkeley Entertainment.
Next Tuesday ' evening . Prospect
Council, Sentinels of the Universe, will
give a leap year party in Laurel Hall,
Shiels building, on which occasion
there will be a mirth-provoking pro
gramme of entertainment.
Leap Year Sentinels.
Court Seal Rock of the Foresters of
America will give a leap year party in
Union Square "Hall on Saturday, April
9. Redwood Circle of the Women of
Woodcraft has arranged for an Easter
party in Golden Gate Hall on that
night. Modoc Tribe Of -the Improved
Order of Red Men will have a masked
ball In Native Sons' Hall on the same
evening. ' v • •
Saturday Night Parties.
ley, next Tuesday evening, when there
will be presented a' well arranged pro
gramme of vaudeville numbers. This
will be followed by a programme^of
twelve dance numbers.
Silver Spray Ball.
" Silver Spray Lodge of the Degree of
Honor will give Its' annual ball la Mis
sion Opera Hall next Tuesday even
ing. It*Wilf be under the direction of
Chief of Honor Mrs. Coffey. Grand Re
corder Lofetta B. Donnelly and Lady
of Honor Mrs. Hallett.
Any chap who hopes for salvation,
clilier social or spiritual, must — ab
solutely must — hearken unto the calls
for his ducats that are being cried
On next Thursday night comes the
card party at Native -Sons* Hall for
the purpose of giving a permanent
shelter to the little waifs who are
gathered under the roof of the Nur
sery for Homeless Children.
The card party promises to rival In
brilliancy anything of like character
ever seen in San Francisco — 2000
guests prepared • for.
As to the worthiness of the work a
half hour's visit to the borne, now lo
cated on the Fair estate at Mission
and Thirteenth streets, will furnish all
the argument necessary.
Blessed little waifs of the word,
"they" are our special charge— yours
and mine; Will ybu help swell that
home fund?
• • , •
The Madisons of San Francisco are
among the recent welcome additions to
San Rafael society. . Mrs. Madison was
one of the Pierces of San. Jose and Is
a sister of Mrs. William J. Casey of
San RafaeL BBBflnBMH
• ¦ • •
And the object? Indeed, the most
worthy — to teach the daughters of the
tollers to become Intelligent and sane
housewives. * That Is the work, the
women who preside over the school
at 408 Eighth street have undertaken'
to do. I* any cause worthier? As a
prevention of. crime, goodjeookery is'
•acknowledged to be a powerful factor.
A good dinner has tamed many* a
savage.
"Under the greenwood tree" will the
vestal virgins dispense sweet nectar —
to him who pays the price. And who.
Indeed, will begrudge it? Those who
have the affair in charge are Mrs. L.
W. McKlnstry. who Is the president
of the training school: Miss Mellis,
vice president; Miss Alice Hager. prin
cipal: Miss Marshall, vice principal:
Miss Alice Butler, treasurer: Miss
Douglas, secretary. The directors in
; elude Miss Grace Buckley. Miss Char
| lotte Moulder, Miss Grace Martin. Mrs.
1 Walter Dean, Miss Peyton. Miss Ada
Sullivan. Mr«. Covode, Miss Frances
McKlnstry, th* Misses Cabrera, Miss
Ruth Allen, Miss Beth Allen. Miss
Helen de Toung. Mrs. Bowie-Detrlck,
Miss Harriet Burnett and Miss Dottle
Collier.
from the hilltops, for know ye all that
on Saturday afternoon, April 9. occurs
the much anticipated garden party at
the famous old Phelan home on Va
lencia street — with the St. Ignatius
Training School the beneficiary — and
j'our small chance is needed. Now.
that may be delivered on the day of
the fete, either in person or by proxy
— by all means, the latter preferred.
Who will be there? Why. the smart
est maids in town — and the most
stunning matrons. And as to gown-
Ing, where, pray, can prettier gowns
and millinery be displayed than at a
garden party?
The clever maids who planned the
affair wisely made it a Saturday af
ternoon function, knowing full well
the universality of the "Office closes
at two** ordinance.
As to attractions, there are to be
grab bags, fish ponds, marionettes and
all the other inanities that make up a
well regulated function out of doors,
and — well, if you want to learn of the
pretty maidens who preside, you must,
kind sir. meander out. 'Twill pay
you.
BY SALLY SHARP.
MANY ATTRACTIONS
FOR GARDEN PARTY
Rl«en Hallelujah" (Warren).
Evening service at 7:30 o'clock — The Sunday
school assisted by the choir, will render the
cantata, "Gatss of Gold." In addition the
choir wiir sicg the chorus from Barnby's
"\w«ke Up. My Glory," with soprano solo
by Mns. Blake. There will also be a solo
by Hank Shimoiuml.
HOWARD STREET METHODIST EPISCO
PAL CHURCH— 11 a. m.. voluntary. Mls» W.
C Wilson; chorus. "Break "Forth Into Joy"
(Bamby): hymn; prayer; chorus, "Easter
Bells" (Lcud); Scripture reading; offertory
solo, selected Miss Flora Bolllnger; Easter
tfrracn Rev. A C. Bane; cornet solo. "Baby
lon" (Watton) Miss Elsie Cahlll; chorus.
"Lift Tour Glad Volets" (Van Baer). Solo
ists. Mrs. Rhodes and Miss Emily Hender
son. Postiude. ¦
GRACE M. E. CHURCH. Twenty-first and
Capp *tre«r— Rev F M. Larkin. Ph. D.. pas
ter. Evening. 7:45 o'clock— Part It Prelude,
organ: chorus and teaor solo. "The Day of
Resurrection." soloist J- E. Jones; Scripture
reading. John xx:I-10 and first claure of 11;
soprano" solo. "Art Thou Weary. Art Thou Lan
guid?" Mr*. Sherman: Scripture reading. John
xx:ll-17: contralto and bass duet. "Triumph
ant Lord. Thy Work Is Done," Miss Wetton.
Mr. Glean: prayer; Scripture reading. % John !
xx:lS-23; notices and offering; ¦ offertory ;
(Easter carol). "Oil the Resurrection Morn- ;
Ing" — Quartet * Mrs. Sherman. MUa "Weston.
Mr. Jones. Mr. Voungi hymn 233; Scripture
readier. John xx:'.'t-."M: chorus and bass solo,
"Hark!" Ten Thousand Voices Sounding," so
loist Mr. Glenn. Part II: Quartet. "The
Strife Is O'er" (Max Vogrich). Mrs. Sherman.
Mlsa Weston. Mr. Jones. Mr. Toung; contralto
solo. "Hosannah" (Granler). MUs Weston;
; soprano solo, "Messiah Victorious" (Ham
' mond) Mrs. Sherman; bassoon solo, aria from
| "St. Paul." J. J. Mundwyler; barytone solo.
i "Easter Eve" (Gounod)r Mr. Toung; tenor
solo "Resurrection" (Shelley). Mr. Jones;
I chorus. "He Fhall Swallow Up Death in Vic
! tory" (Greenish), tenor solo and recitative Mr.
¦ Jor.r?. soprano solo Mrs., Sherman; hymn 248.
1 "All Hall the Power of Jesus' Name"; bene
' diction, pactor; pcstlude. organ.
," Full chorus choir, assisted bv Mrs. F. R.
i Pherman. soprano; Mls« Ruth Ertelle Weston.
.contralto: J. . E. Jones, tenor; Wlljard T.
i. Tonne. . be rytone; W. G. Glenn, bass; J. J.
. Mundwyler. bassoon. T. K. Wlttlch, organist;
; Robert Husband. .muMcal director."
CENTRAL METHODIST EPISCOPAL
CHURCH— Morning. 11 o'clock — Organ pre
i lude.. communion In G (Alex Guilmant): hymn,
' congregation and choir; anthem. "The Lord Is
Risen" (F.« Lynes): Apoatles' Creed; prayer:
anthem. "I Know That My Redeemer Lives"
i (Hall); -responsive reading; Gloria . Patria;
Though a number of programmes of
services are given this morning there
w?re many others published In The Call
la«:t- Friday. ".
There will be this Easter Sunday so
los and choruses in ail the place of
worship and the decorations will not be
the least of the great preparations.
Where there are choirs all the year
round congregations will find that for
this day of dayE they have been aug
mpnted considerably.
The indications are that every, church
will be tilled to its capacity:
Following are programmes for day
and evening services:
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. California streit.
near Fillniore — Rector • Rtv. W. Maxwell Rf 11 *
ly; astisiaat Rev. William H. Hoff. Holy
communion »:3w a. m.: Sunday school < B P*:
ciil). 9:4S; second celebratlori ajid sermon. 11
a. m.; t-vensong and address. 7:46 p. m.. iiu*
sic 11 a. ra.— Processional hymn. "Christ the
Lord la Risen To-day": Easter '• anthem.
-Christ Our Passowr Is Sacrificed for V*
«Gr#gorian): Te D*um in A (Gelbel): Jubilate
In U flat (Kin* Hah): Introit hymn, 'Christ
the Lord Is Risen Again"; sermon hymn.
"The Strife I* -O'er": offertory solo. 'Ho
sanna" (Granler); sung by Alfred Cogswell.,
cornet obllgato by Miss MyrUe Morg»n; com
munion hymn. "Hark! Ten Thousand \ olees
Sounding" : «eescicnal hymn. "At the Lamb ¦
High Feast \V« Sing." John Haraden Pratt,
ureanist and choirmaster.
ALL SAINTS EPISCOPAL CHURCH (open-
Ir.g of church) Mooruv avenue, near Halgn.
e.iwt- Easter Sunday and Inauguration ****¦
lie at 11. o'clock; processional. 1-1. Tne
Strife ts O'er" (Palestnna); anthem (In place
of Venltt) "Chrlft Wlt Passover" tMorning-.
ton); Te Deum in E (Woodward): Jubilate
(Woodward); Introit hymn 114. "Christ tne
Lord Is Risen Again" (Wirtemberg): com
munion service (Kyrie. Gloria Tibi. Sureum
Corda Sanctus). in D (Hayes): bymnjbi-fore
sennon^ 112. "Jesus Chr.et Is Risen To-day
(Worpan); offertory solo. "Resurrection (Hol
drn». with violin and ctllo obllgato; doxology (at
l-rrsentatton): communion hymn. 11J>. "At the
Laiubt High F#asi We Sing" (Rofemullerr.
Gloria In Excelsis <old chant): recessional. I. —
"Jceus Lives', (Gauntlet). Choir of men and
women under the direction of Mrs. E. J.
Malragren Miss A S. Tobey organist, and
tfce Misses Ftshrer. violin and cello. -'L£jZ
ST STEPHENS EPISCOPAL CHURCH.
Fulton street between Webster and Filmore —
Rtv Ernest Bradley, rector. On Easter day
holy communion will be celebrated at *¦ and 9
a "m. At 11 a. m. there will be mornin?
prayer, sermon and holy communion, at which
service the choir will render the following se
lections: Anthem. "Christ Our Passover in
C (Buck) • . Te Deum and Jubilate in E Hat
(festival) (Ruck); Kyrie In D and Gloria Tlbl
In C (Gounod): offertory anthem. "Why Seelc
Ye the Living Among the Dead?" (S. P.. W ar
re.n): Sursum Corda and Sanctus in G (GII
tx-rt)- Gloria in Excelsis. ancient chant. At
3 p. "m. the children's Easter festival, a full
choral rerriee including- the baptismal office.
At the offcrtcry Gladys Harvey will sing "The
Resurrection Morn" by Rodney. At » In the
«¦¦»< nine the regular monthly praise service will
Include full choral evensong and special ran
steal- service, including the fourth part of Sir
Michael Costa.'* oratorio. "Naaroan."
ST. JAMES CHURCH (Protestant Episco
pal) Richmond District— 7:30 a. m.. first cele
bration- 11. morning prayer and stcond fele
hration soloist Mrs. McCleverty; 7:50 p. m..
ercn*ong and children's service, soloist (bary
tone) Frank Lockycr. Preacher both services,
sVm"pSo'n MEMORIAL METHODIST EPIS
COPAL CHURCH, corner Hayes asi Buchanan
streets— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; 1. E.
Blake choir director; Miss Mabel Jones, or
ranis t. Morning sen-ice. 11 o'clock— Organ
prelude: hymn. "Christ the Lord Is Risen
To-day"; prayer: chant. "Lord's Prayer";
anhem. "They Have Taken Away My Lord"
: < Harrington), solo by Miss Rena Waltz: Scrip
'¦ tare leston; choru*. "He Is Risen" (Schilling):
! hymn "Hail. Thou Once Despised Jesus";
I offertory; contralto solo. "Angels . Roll the
j Rock 4 way" I(Hawley), Mrs. W. Longbothan ;
sermon' by the paslor on "The Easter Anger ;
solo "The Shepherd King (Verne). Mrs. E.
! P. Caine; chorus with douWe quartet, "He Is
The elaborate programmes for the
musical services to-day in the churches
of the city show how Ions and arduous
hnve been ths preparations for exer
cises beflttlng the season.
PAULIST CHURCH— Easter solemn mass
wilt be celebrated at 11 o'clock: Father Wood
man will preach on "The Life Eternal." The
choir, under the direction of Miss Marie Gior
glanl. will render Gounod's "Messe Solen
nelle"- (St.. Cecilia's) .with organ and orches
tral accompaniment under Ui? leadership of
Mr. Von der Mehden... The choir . will al»o
render a processional "Reglna Coell" ( (Gloria);
offertory (Beethoven); "Recessional. Alleluia"
chorus from Handel's "Messiah." - Soloists—
Popftuio, Mrs. £chultx;contr-.ltos. Mm. Stanley-
Griffin. Mist Etta O'Brien: tenoru.T.' Nowlan.
Dr. J. F. Smith; basso, W. Webb. These will
be assisted by th» following choru*: j Sopranos.
Mrs. Brmnan. Mrs. Sommer. Misses S. Tonlr.i.
E. Tonlnl. Norton. Hlggiw. Canning. Barnes:
altos. Mrs. Brannlgan. Misses Johnston. Mul
ler, R. Tonlni.- O'Connor; tenors. ' Messrs. Jau
net,- Dowdall, Barrong.. .Derham: bassos,
Messrs. XV. Breen. Rubannle.- A. O'Brien. "W.
O'Brien. Gottschalk - W. Judge. ,. r
ST. AGNE3 CHURCH— Solemn high mass at
11 o'clock. Gilsln's grand Italian mass will
be sung by the following: Soprano. Mrs.
Prankard; alto. Miss Claire MacDermott;
tenor. Albert His'sot: bassos. •; Mr.": Derltn. Mr.
Elliot. Organist Mary M. Bumstead.
ST. PAUL'S CHURCH. Twenty-ninth, and
Church streets— Mass at 5:30,. 8:30." 7:30. 8:30,
9:80. Solemn : high mas- at 10:.10. ' Music —
Brell's Paschal mass. VRegtna Coell," by L.
Berge. . ¦ : " .-. ¦' -- - - ¦ ¦ '- "
I Choir — Sopranos Mr*. •' R-'-D 'Valerga, Miss
• M. Rellly; contralto HIM M.-F. Code; tenors,
(Arthur F. Boyce Charles G. Wllley; bassos,
i William H. L&ne Joseph - Responses
J by ; boy»" ttirpllced choir. Violinist, William
I Healy: crsanist. Mlsa "A* F.' Qulnn. ' Vesper*
' at 7:30. Music, Rrell's "Vespera. "O 8-Ju
taris." "Tantum Ereo." ' -
I i ST. DOMINIC8 - CHURCH— High '¦ mass : at
! 11-a. m.: prelude.- '-"Hymn a St. Cecilia, •• harp.
violin, celio and organ: "Vidi Aquanl" (Stew
• art); Kyrie. Gloria In Exoelsia.': Credo. • Sanctus
I and Agnus Del." from Rousseau's mass In D
I minor: Bened ictus , from Guonod'a "Mesae Sol
ennelle"; F or the •s«fluenc«. "Vlctumae Pa«
cn-11; Loudtc" - (Stewart) : .' offertory; **O : S*lu
tarus" (Rousseau). The mass will be sung by
the regular choir of the church.
Soloists — Mrs. - B. 'Apple, soprano: .Miss Ella
V. , McClcekey. alto: . Messrs. A. ¦ Mermer - asd
T. I G. Elliott, tenors : Messrs. J. J. , Rosberough
and C. . B. ' Stone \ bassos : ' violin. ¦• John - Mar
quardt; violoncello. Mr. PHedhofer: harp. Mrs.
J. MsrQuanSt. Dr. H. J. Stewart; organist and
director of the chotr.'. ' ? '• ' -¦• ¦¦-'.¦- i
. 8T. BRIGID'S CHURCH — Solemn high mas*
-TRINITY. THE MARKET STREET METH- '
ODIST EPISCOPAL CHURCH, corner Market <
No« and Sixteenth streets (Castro- street carsf j
-^-Easter Sunday morning the pastor. Dr. :
John A. B. Wilson, will preac\on "Our Risen
Lord.". The music will be: - Processional by
the McKlnley Orphanage Choir of sixty volcer;
anthem. "He I* Risen"- (Ashford): "Easter >
Anthem" (Sudds); "Ye Choirs of NewrJeru- i
eolcm" (Schnecker);' solos, barytone (selected), j
Kazlnska, violin. Mies Man* Coffin; duet, "our I
Savior" <C. A. White). Miss , Northun Osier |
and Anson B. Weeks. '
At 7:45 p. m. a great Sunday school and ;
Young People's Easter celebration, eonslstlns
of Muis. recitation and addresses and opening |
of the Sunday, school offerings. The McKlnley ,
Orphanage Choir will again be in evidence. j
LEBANON PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH, cor.
ner Twenty- third and Sanchez streets — Pastor, ;
Rev. K. Logan. Morning at 11 o'clock — Organ
l>rtTjd«;, ' llallelujbti I. hoiuk," "Mesblati" (tmn
del); do*oiosy; Invocation; hymn 57, "All Hall
the Power of Jesus' Name." ' "Coronation"; an
them. ••Christ Is Risen From the Dead" (Lan
sing); responsive readlrig; "Lord"s Praytr":
hymn 93. "In the Cru«s of Christ I Glory"
(Rathbun); Scripture reading; prayer; Gloria
Patria: announcements; anthem, "1 Am the
Resurrection and the Life" (Williams); sacra
ment of baptism; eermon. "Some Easter Mes
sages"; prayer; oriraji offertory, "Berceuse"
(Read); anthem, "Awake Thou That Sleepest"
(Maker); hymn. 102. 'Lift Up. Lift Up Your
Voices Now" (Wareham); benediction; organ
postiude In C (Harrington).
Evening. 7:45 o'clock — Organ prelude. "En
tree d« procession" (Batiste); anthem, "Awake!
Glad Soul. Awake!" (Williams); -hymn 71,
"Joy to the World" .(Antioch): reeponsive
reading; "Lord's Prayer"; anthem, "Come,
See the Place Where Jesus Lay" (Lerman);'
Scripture reading-: prayer: Gloria PJitrla: an
nouncements: anthem. "The Joyous .Morn"
(Ashford); sermon. "Where Does Christ Live?"
prayer; organ offertory. "Serenade in C" (Ro
senkrans); prayer; contralto eoIo, "Jerusalem"
(Parker). Miss Anna McLea; hymn 100.
"Christ the Lord Is Risen To-day" (Univer
sity College) ; benediction ; organ pcetlude,
"Gloria" first maw « Haydn). *-
Choir— Sopranos. Mrs. Collins Knapp Orton,
Misses Jeszie Logan Rue Clifford, Jessie Clif
ford: altos. Misses Georsrle F. Libby, Bertha
Lightner; Unors. A. C. Brown, William Barr;
bassos. David Lewis, Dr. EIHs Jones. Organ
ist. William Barr.
FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH—Or
gan- srelude: Introit. "Christ la Risen From
the Dead" (Wagner); Te Deum. "Festival In
G'." (Buck); tenor solo. "Resurreslt" (Tost!):
anthetn "Why Seek Ye the Living Among the
Dead?" (Peel): offertory. "I Know That My
Redeemer Llvtth" (Handel): contralto solo,
"The' Locd Is Risen" (Sullivan); bass solo. "I
Am. the Resurrection and the Life" (Stearns);
anthem, "Welcome, Happy Morning" (Shack
ley); organ poctlude.
At the evening I service Golden Gate Com
mandery No. ltf. Knights Templar, will attend
In a body.
Chotr — Mr*. L. Snider-Johnson, soprano; Mrs.
M. E. B. Robinson, contralto; Herbert -Wil
liams, tenor; L. A. Larsen. basso. Samuel D.
Mayer organist and director.
THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH. Fif
teenth street, near Mission — Rev. "William Ra- \
der. uastor. At 11 a. m. ¦ the racram»nt of
the Lord's eupper will be 'celebrated, children
baptized and a number of new members admit
ted to church membership. There, will be a
special musical service/ Mr. and Mrs. Trls: i
will c!ng. and there will be a large chorus :
choir under the direction of Wlllam Stadtfeld.
At 12:45 the Sunday school children will bold ;
a soeclal service under the direction of Frank ;
Arnold, superintendent.
At 7:30 the pastor . will preach on "The
Place ot the Sepulcber In Public Opinion." The
; following Is.tht order of service:
: Organ prelude; hymn 104; responsive read
ing; "Hall Him Lord and Leader" (George B.
Nevln); Scripture, Luke xxlv:13-45; "The
Lord Is My Strength" (Caleb SlmperV/ prayer;
"Christ Our Passover" (F. Schilling): notices
and Offering; "Resurrection" (K. R. Shelley),
Mrs. F. J. Trist. -violin oblljrato. Paul A. Nor
mand; sermon by the pastor; violin solo, "Ro
mance" <Kohler). Paul A. Normand; "King
of Kings" . (Caleb Simper); benediction; organ
posllude.
Choir >»f twnt;-flve voices — Mrs. II. B.
Smith Mrs F J. Trlst. F. J. "Frist, Miss I.
I Collins. Mrs. \V. C. Stadtfeld, Edward Calam*
and Robert 3axe, soloists.
Miss Kate F. Hutchinsou. organist; W. C.
Stadtfeld. director ""
EMANUEL EVANGELICAL CHURCH,
corner Twelfth and Stevenson streets — Morning.
10:45' o'clock — Organ voluntary; reading of
Scripture. Matthew xxvtli:l-15; hymn. "Wel
come Thou Great Conqueror"; prayer; song by
choir, "The Resurrection" (C. E. Leslie): ser
mon by pastor. F. W. Fischer: hymn. "Vic
toriously My Savior Rose" (O. Miller); prayer;
celebration of Lord's supper;- hymn. "Jesus
Lfves" (C. F. Gellert); offertory; benediction;
organ poctlude. '
Evening — Organ voluntary, "Christ Is
Risen" ; reading of • Scripture. John xx:l-lS:
hymn. "Christ Arose" (Robert Lowry); prayer:
>onp by 'choir. "1> Lord Is Risen" (Charles
H. Gabriel): eoprano solo. "The Messiah, *• Mrs.
Thurman: sermon. "The Resurrection." by
pastor: soprano I solo, "Alleluia! Christ Is
Risen" (Harry Rowe Shelley). Mrs. A. W.
Kirk: announcements; ' soprano -sola "The
IIea\'cnly gong" (Hamilton Gray). Mrs.' M.
Compton; hymn. "My Country. 'Tls of Thee";
benediction: organ postiude. Organist. Miss
Emrca C. Fisher.
St. MART'S CATHEDRAL^-H a-m.— "Kyrie"
and "Gloria," .from Haydn'a fourth mass;
"Credo." "Renedlctus" and "Agnus Dei." from
Gounod's "Merte Solennelle." Sopranos, MIsa
Vina Hlckey, Mr*. Walter Wright: altos. Miss
Julia Sulitvan. Miss Elena Roeckel; tenors,
George Keane Joseph Berroag : bassos. S. J.
Sandy. Carl M. Yoho: aucmented by chorus
and orchestra. Organist.- U. J. Harrison.
quartet. -"Christ Our Passover" <O. \V. Mar
ston): Scripture ' l««son: announcements; of
lertory. solo. "Ho«anna *' (Jules Oranler). Miss
Grace Barker Marshall; hymn, congregation
and choir; sennon "Thf Conquering Fact In
the O«jipel, I# Rev." Gtorre W. White. D.D.;
anthem. "Shout Ye HlKh Heavens" (O. W.
Chad— Ick): doxology; benediction; organ post
lu<5e. "Procenlonat March 1 ' (Clarence Eddy).
B\'enlnp service 7:20 o'clock — Orjtan prelude.
"Prayer" (Alex Gullmant): anthem. "Christ
Victorious" (H. W.- Porter): hymn, congrega
tion and choir; anthem. "The Resurrection"
(H. R. Shelley); hymn, congregation and choir;
prayer; quartet. "Three Day* the Earth"
(Rouffnon-Rees): anthem. "As It Bettan to
Dawn" <H. ,N. Foster): Scripture lesson; solo^
"The Ix>rd Is Risen" (A. WV Lansing). ¦ Mrs.
Charles D. Mills; anth"m. "Chime, Chime,
Chlrr.e" (Ix>ud); announcfmpnts; offertory,
solo "Com* S«e the Plare Where Jesus I^ay"
(nartlett). Mrs. Lotcan Tooley-CIark; hymn,
congregation and tholr; anthem. "Our Ix>rd Is
Risen From the Dead" <P. A. Schnecker); ser
mon.- "The Church cf the Risen Christ." Rev.
George \V. D.D. ; quartet. '/Archangels,
Fold Your .Wlnps" (G. W. Marston); anthem,
"The- Lord Is King" (A. W.' Lansing) ; hymn,
congregation and choir; benediction; or^an
pontlude. inarch In O <Kolnt-Saenf).
Choir— Sopranos. Mrs. Charles D. Mills. 'Mini
8. A. Ward. Mrs. E. T. M. Eekert. Mrs. T.
M. Kendall Miss L. Morcom. Miss M. C. Mor
gan, Mrs. G V Rlz Mies M. St. Jam?.-. Miss
M. A. Duncan; altos, Mrs. UXT. Clark. Miss
O. B. Marshall. Miss M. F. Ford. Mls-a M. M.
Jackson. Mlsa . D. Finch. Mlna J. Griffith;
tenors. A. . O . Davics. • P. F. Morris. H. S.
Hall S. V. Mitchell; baesos. S. Webster. C.
R. : Morcom. N. F. English. G. V. Rlx. W.
Fletcher. Husband, organist; E. T. M. Eekert.
musical director "'
EASTER SONGS
IN CHURCHES
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY. APRIL 3, ...1904.
40
ADVEKTIEEHENTa.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And 'all' other ferial blemishes ar» removed by
DR. Mrs^ -A. XV, TltlVE^lSE, Danohoe
buildlajr. 1 110 Market street, cor. Ttylor. room*
S6'29. with the electric rwdle, without pain or
*car ; cirraaoency ffuaraat eod ; - hours 1 to 1 p.m.
ADVEBTISEKZirrS.
Brighten up the carpet — make
the room look cheerful.
„ Onr'adTertlsers win quote 70a
prices. . •. - c :iz
.Seo CARPET CLEANING
columns.
Kearny and Sutter : Sts. ' '"
More New Wash Goods »^>
Elegant Showing of Spring and Summer Fabrics To-morrow. .^
Some charming new styles have just been added to our already very large and magn^cen.
assortment of Wash Goods. Everything that is really new and desirable for Summer buits, waisu
or Children's Dresses is here represented— and all popularly priced :
Fancy Madras-Dainty corded ejects. In light srotmds Scotch F« an ™ Is r\*°^? u *"t£ n !? " e .f* /S It 30C.
with newest colored dots and .figures, at. 15c figures, suitable for pajamas and outing suits, at. .-*
Japanese Crepes. 28 inches wide, in a large.assort- White Damask. ;n "J^/^^J^S^ 45c
ment of new stripe patterns, special at 20C i .n dots, ch::ks an J floral designs; grea. value at. ."^
Spring Ribbons in Bewildering Variety dsswao
Ribbons for every purpose — Novelty fancy Ribbons in latest plaid, strjpe, check and PfH« <**
effects. Plain colored soft Ribbons in every imaginable shade, an assortrnent M "%**£* ™*
we are almost sure to suit everybody. Too many different sorts to describe in detail, but here
are a few special values for to-morrow: . ' - A
All Silk Satin Taffeta Ribbons, 4 inches wide, ta^. Double Faced Libert y ™*^^^^™}1* 3S*
every imaginable shade, special per yard... 25c perior quality In all colors, exceptional value, at...^
Pure Silk Fancy Polka Dot Satin Taffeta Ribbons, Novelty Ribbons, in "^.^jP^P^l-f *£ C & ZSc
3X inches wide; black, white, all colors, per yard. .30C figured and shaded effects; per yd. 15c. 25c, 35C to.
We tie free of charge all Ribbons Into any of the latest Knots or Bows. •
Sale of Ladies' Walking Skirts (gts&Q
At One-Third Less Than Usual Prices- ,
- A special purchase of fine Walking Skirts goes on sale to-morrow, at far below regular P"f«—
Needless to say, it affords a splendid opportunity to secure a Stylish Walking Skirt at a remarkable
saving: ;•:''
'Walking Skirts made of fancy An exceptionally fine lot of Walk- Stylish Walking Skirts of faagr
mixed suitings, In oxford with narrow ing Skirts, made of ScStch tweed, m en *s wear j^gJ^J" *f e "^
green stripes, latest flare /bottom, with 2t gores. artisUcally. stitched tur «vtrimmed with graduated straps,
trimmed with cord and buttons; real seams; colors: black, gray and oxford; neatly piped; latest style flare, real
value $4.00. real value, f 500. value JO.00. - ..; - *
(¦_ Sale Price, $2^0 Sale Price, $3.50 Sale Price, $4.50
'Cushion Tops and Tray Cloths X^^r^)
At Specially Interesting Prices To-morrow r
TRAY CLOTHS of pure linen satin | ORIENTAL CUSHION TOPS— AH : HANDSOME CUSHION TOPS, fa
damask, with hemstitched borders, in ready for use, made of pretty. Persian entirely^ new smoker, cross-stucn,
pretty openwork and figured designs striped tapestry, with tassels at each poster, floral and conventional pat-
— size 18x27— worth regularly 40c, corner; size 20 inches square; best terns— some «f the designs not found
sale-price value ever offered at / 'elsewhere. Top with back; special at
P nc . 2gc Each 25c Each 50c Each
Ladies' Kid Gloves, at ?5c W0®
EVERY PAIR FITTED AND GUARANTEED ;^ •"• : . j? ;
" : i The best Gloves you ever saw for 95c — which means that they are fine quality, made of speci-
ally selected Kid Skins. They have one clasp, Paris point embroidery, and colors are tan, mede, beaver,
red, gray, navy, brown and white. A very desirable glove for shopping or street wear.
Could not be sold for. less than- $1.25 if bought in the regular way. Price for this Qr
sale while quantity lasts, per pair...; ......"...:. / 3C
. Embroidered | j (K5.7S). Sale of \ ' QSSJ2)
COLLAR AND CUFF SETS MEN'S HANDKERCHIEFS
On Sale to-morrow— pretty Collar and Cuff sets, beau- Men's white hemstitched Handkerchiefs, latest
tifully embroidered In Persian colors, on white or ecru, colored designs, in fine quality and a beautiful range of
scrim, with dainty colored fagotting edges. "We pur-* .patterns" and .colorings .from which to pick. They are
chased the entire lot from a leading manufacturer '¦ # . exact copies of the imported- French goods that
at a special price. They are the regular 50c OKr sell from $1.00 to I1.50; each: Your choke; of "OC r
kind. Saleprice, per set:....... .......:,..';.V.<fcU^ Ithese to-morrow at, each. .J^.. ;;..£,.. V.;.'.... .<y.:A%J^
-Shopping by Mali Made Easy with our New Sprinj-'Catilog^e.— Write for Copy, we mail-it Fre«. 'J
SCEBEEECKCSBUBKBBBBBB BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBg •
2 Dry Goods <ifeli^ Company. |
B -.-.'¦-¦ •¦ -. •;- r -, ¦¦ •• ,¦ . ;:•.---;¦ ; yj| t
g A rclcctci collection embracing: in its entirety a most compre- E
S hcnslvc and attractive revival of the dainty and elegant effects of B
¦ 75 years ago in \ m ,
| TRIMMING LACES |
| §'
g MAKES STYLES g
g L1ERRE ¦ • . »•
t ALENCON INSERTIONS S.
g MAL1NES MEDALL"ON5 g
S APPLIQUE BANDS S
S MECHLIN §
¦ SNOWBALL MOTIFS |
g REPOUSSE GALONS | :
» POUSSE T Arp( , g-
g BRUSSELS l^w-no ¦
¦ LIMERICK FLOUNCES |
B P ?^I^fv ALLOVERS I
a CHANTILLY ,,. Tn , * ;
" VALENCIENNES TO MATCH |
¦ , . ! ¦
- gj
ts N^W L*ZZ ROIES Esp?s!a ly Selected as Noveltes Just Opened, g
g " — ¦ m
5 CITY GF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, g ;
g I eirj asd Stjcitoa Street?. Uaka Square. | ¦
:
C EQBECraSELIIXVEBBBBaBBBBfl BBBBBBBBBHBBBBBBBBBHBP |
S 23O POST ST, |
1 Oriental Rugs |
5 ...At Auction... ||
S (eo ° piec «*> 1
b Tueiday, AprH 5, and Following Days, at 2:30 p. m. , g |
" of these rugs arc the rarest of antiques, which have been- g j
H ' selected from previous importations during the past three years, and R i
S w ;! l be »-1:uvmi for the first time at this sale. K
" ____—— — m i
| Exhibition, Monday, April 5, 1
B A. W. LOUDERBACK, . §
J* Art Auctioneer. 33
JJ YUZUK Sc COMPANY, |
H 2 3O POST ST. ¦
SaHBBBBEBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBgBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVEBTISEHZ2TTS.
SfflR I /{Afi|^^ j™^ fli Va# \f aCss> I I ¦ Mjjl
sSw MB?^^^* JB nc^^jK^LL^i ¦•' c^^j S**^3 »a 17 1 gjfeyT^^y^ \ eW V? yC flu 3 \
JwSkEbH SHr^Bl 3k\ l~\ ftVy^ tat * MB X^ftrOl'iPlp**! *• flat* I
*TtAKCK8 31 Alt IE KJfO'VTX.TOS,
tlUS DOBOTHI CLABK, »80 Omrtaid BonleT«M, CKIa^e^ aC> • M1S3 X.UCT JCAX.
: HM«mika*R, v . Af« 4 Tear-, 8«3t F»r«t^Ultj A»«h, '-
Chicago. _ wmSBBBBk _: chicack>.--^
LITTLE FRAWOES f^ARIE KNOWLTOBI
?rbose pfMtognpb mppeart herewith has a most beautiful head of golden h*lr, thicker th&a the crown of elory cf most
mature women. Frances is oaly four years old, and her hair hangs within IS Inches ot the floor. The extraordinary hair
strengthening qualities of Dandsrlno has grown for this little girl the most admirable he* 1 of hair ever possessed b?
a child' of her age in the world. The other two ladies whose photographs are shown hire are certainly dellin ted with tha
results they are getting.' Neither of them bating hair that would reach to their waists before beginning the use of EtadcrfcM.
;- - IT BS POSITIVE AMD PERMANENT tM ITS RESULTS.
When applied to the scalp on either old or young, it makes the hair sprout and grow thick, long and beautiful and there
is no waiting around for weeks and months to see results, either. Any druggist will refund the price if - it does not aw
compUsh erery result we claim. NOW at all druggists in three sizes, 25 cents, 50 cents and $ 1 ,00 per bottie.-
For Sale and Guaranty
S75.00 WORTH
Of Furniture and Garpe's
$7.50 Gash SI.50 a Week
-fj|22SSB SOLID OAK
<&J^~^"^^^^ beautifully fin-
t^^-^a 50c a Week
Like c^t; Yl^ s Ji&lf
ror; wrll jg^^~^^^^~^~^|ML
ssoae'j'; i^^/~^V_**^^^
J1T.60. this El€^^S^^&&>^Ji
week813.OO- I T^¥-*J^4l\0 %
\&J*H^n^fit&%SA r<»rular JC4.C0
DOWN
.0 Per Cent Ciscannt so These
Prices for Gzsh
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE GO.
. 338-342 Post Street.
gjH|||BBK^MlBE^BB^CT|K35!BiHB^gBfcBt^yB(ji^fiK.
¦¦¦¦¦¦Ba^MBMIrU* Mark 1t«1«—il — — — —
T&s MM object at tfets announcement 1$ to show
that FREE TRIAL botfaee of
MARY T. GOLDMAN'S
QRIY HAIR RESTORER
will »rt«c %-aek the erlgtBal rtUr of gr*T •"'
tmiri hair and «1'J leave the tutrrlf «n, f.uffy
and t»tonnl. It fcaa ¦• ee^laieat ¦»« U tbcrc-
¦ fare kiralm. - N»t • «ye. Soeertala are tbe
. reeaita that we are perfectly wtUing- to rt*t any
. possible future sale* upon what e»n be deiaoD-
. stratcd with these trial bottle*. ¦ Caa we do aay>
. thing mere falrf We pay portage for those who
' he** never trlrd oar preparation. Bead fall name
sad add rest and fee eare to tell n» the original eoior .
of yijur hair, alto send sample of hair - Address
MART T. GOLDMAN.
• 127-3*0 CeUaian Balldlac. St. Paal, MUa.
Lsrp tctflt SI. PrtfaM. Wi kin ipati li titrj tlfj.
NOTICE. Ueectattfeerorerfryrrea eaapU
hettle we t*od out. U we did not have a prepar-
aOoo that win Mil on Its merit* later, cooid we
afford this soethod of tntredocUaal -
Far Mle »r '
World Drug Co.. 81S Market st. . /
Zeh's Drug Store, 1225 Market ft.
Ocldsteln * Cohn (Hair Store). 823 Mkt st.r The ; estate of the late ' May R. Phil
lips of 2004 Gough street was apprais
ed yesterday at $313,217 83. It con
sists principally. of mining property In
Trinity County and realty In this city
worth $40,000, stocks and notes worth
$262,750 and $8220 cash. ,
Phillips Estate; Appraised.
The McDonald booth of St. Charles
fair will give a grand concert and en
tertainment for th benefit of St.
Charles Church on to-morrow even
ing in Mission Turn V'rein Hall. A
concert will be given by the fifty-piece
band of the League, of the Cross
Cadets, and the programme to follow
will be contributed to by the best
local talent
Booth Will Entertain.
Mrs. Fiske will play !T)lvorcons" and
"A Bit of Old Chelsea." all next week at
the Grand Opera House. The production
of "A Doll's House" is deferred till the
last week of her engagement. •
Gratitude Is one of the lost arts
SAN DIEGO. April 2.—E. Rollins &
Co., who contracted for the purchase
of the city water Improvement and
sower extension bonds, turned over to
the City Treasurer this morning $151,
39$ 52 in payment for the first install
ment of the Issue, the balance to be
taken on September 1. The Treasurer
paid back to the company $3343 63 for
expired coupons, leaving the total bal
ance to go into the city strong box
of $151,049 S4. This money will be used
for the purchase of material for the
extension of the sewer and water sys
tem, which cannot bs delivered inside
of six months. By the time that is on
the ground the remainder of the bonds,
about $215,000, will be paid for and the
money be used for the work.
Improvement nntl Sewerage
Is Made.
First Payment on the Issue for Water
SAX DIEGO RECEIVES
MONEY ON* HER BONDS
The evening exercises of the first
week will be for married women; of
the second week for married men; of
the third week for unmarried women;
of the fourth week for unmarried men.
All may attend the masses and stations
of the cross.
A holy mission will begin at St. Pat
rick's Church to-day. It will open at
high mass this morning- and close
Sunday. May 1_ The following Vin
centian priests will conduct the mis
sion: Rev. F. V. Nugent. C. M.; Rev.
J. J. Murray, CM.; Rev. M. S. Mor
ris, C. M.; Rev. F. J. Moser, C M.
Following will be the order of exer
cises during the mission: .A.t 5 a. m.,
mass and instruction; S^a. m., mass
and instruction; 3 p. m., stations of
the cross; 7: SO p. m.,- rosary, sermon,
benediction.
Alnccntlan Priests Will Conduct the
Services, Which Will Continue
Xcr.rly n .Month.
HOLY MISSION IX) I1E HELD
AT ST. PATRICK'S CHURCH
Easter services at the First Uni
tarian Church will be conducted to
day by the Rev. Bradford Leavitt.
The order of the services is as follows:
Organ voluntary, "Old 'Easter Mel
ody"; doxology; responsive reading;
"Gloria"; anthem; Scripture reading;
anthem; prayer; offertory; sermon;
reception of new members; the right
hand of fellowship; hymn; benediction;
organ postlude, "Hallelujah Chorus,"
by Handel, after which songs will be
sung by the church choir, directed by
H. Bretherick.
"In the Name of the Lord. Amen"; solemn
procession, hymns 110 and 112; Introlt, "Hos
anno," (Granier), Arthur G. i Cunningham;
lvyrie Eleison In G (W. A. Sabin), arranged
from J. G. Calkin; sequence hymn 121, "'Al
lelula! the Strife is O'er" {Pale*trina); Gloria
Ttbl, Credo, in G, (J. G. Calkin); sermon; of
fertory anthers, "King- All Glorious" : (Bam
by), imjIos by Algernon Aspland and A. G.
Cunningham; Sursum Corda, ancient plaln
f>ong; Sanctus, Benedlctus Qul Venlt, In G (J.
G. Calkin); sevenfold amen, (J. Stainer);
Agrnus Del, Gloria in Excelsls, in O <J. G.
Calkin), antiphon: "I am. the Living Bread,
which came down from heaven; If any man
eat of this Bread he shall live forever! Al
leluia!"; pealm 117; organ postlude.
Solemn festival evensong, 7:45 p. m. — Organ
prelude; hymn 122, "Jesus Lives" (Gauntlett);
proper psalms 113, 114, 118: Magnificat. Nunc
Dimittfs, in E flat (C. H. Lloyd); hymn lie,
•"Angels Roll the Rock Away". (Roper); ser
mon; offertory hymn 121, "Alleluia! the Strife
Ie O'er" (Palestrina); solemn proceaelon.
hymns 110 and 112; Te Deum In F (B. Tours);
organ poetludc.
KOUKTH CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
Green street, near Stockton — 11 a. m.,
union service church and Sunday-school;
recitations and soncs by the school;
address by Rev. E. L. W'alz; sub
ject, "An Easter Story": anthem. "Easter
Lilies" (Adam Geibel), choir; solo, Mlsi
Blackwell; 7:45 i>. m. (under the direction of
Miss V. L. Llllle. organist); anth*m, "Praise
the Lord of My Soul" (H. P. Danke). choir;
•clo, Wiley Crist; antbem, "O Glorious Eaater
Day" (Adam Geibel), choir: contralto solo,
"The Resurrection" (Shelley), Miss Florence
Ryder; barytone solo. "The Resurrection" (L.
T. Sheldon), David Vint: anthem, "Life and
Immortality" (Masca«nl), choir; sermon,
•Love Never Falleth," Rev. E. L. Walz; cel
ebration of the sacrament of the Lord's sup
per: benediction.
TRINITY CHURCH. Bush and Gough streets
Processionals 112,111; Easter anthem. "Christ
Oar Passover" (Tours); Te Deum Festival In
E flat (Buck): Jubilate In B flat (Buck); of
fertory anthem, "Lo! the Tomb Is Empty'
(Broome); communion service In F (Tours):
soloists. Miss Flynn. Miss Falrweather. Mr.
Rosekrans. Mr. Olssen: Louis IL Eaton, or
canist and director of the choir.
ST. FRANCIS CHURCH, Vallejo street
• nd Montgomery avenue — At the solemn
high mass the choir, under the direction
of Miss M. Echaefer, will render Clm
arosa's crand military mass, with
Giorza's "Reglna Coeli" for the offer
tory: sopranos, Miss R. Broderick, Mrs. A.
Kineey, Miss M. Thlel. Miss C. Paullssen.
Miss T Vahey. Miss G. Sollman; altos. Miss
L. VTautin. Miss C. Stevens; tenor?, W. Ogil
vle. J. Beron«: bassos. J. W. Hlckey J Boy
ltn; Rev. William E. McGough will be th«
celebrant. Rev. James Klely deacon and Rev.
T Caraher sub-deacon; Rev. Father Klely
¦will nreoch his farewell sermon. ' ¦' •
BETHLEHEM CONGREOATIONAL. Ver
mont street. near Twenty-fourth— Morn-
Ing: Hymn by congregation; organist,
Mrs TV. Jamison; assistant organist, Mrs.
William Walker. "Come Where the Lilies
Bloom " tenor. Mr. Dlckson: BODrano. Miss
Alice Lohmyer: alto. Miss Laura Lohmyer;
bass, M. Andrews. Reading of Scrip
tures Viy Dastor. Rev. J. A. Hollars. Gloria
by choir, consisting of Alfred Ayhens, leader:
Miss Allte Ayhens. Mrs. N. Stewart and
Thomas Hewitt. Prayer by pastor. Chant-
Ing of Lord's Prayer by choir. Solo by Miss
Alice Ayhens. Sermon by pastor.
Evening: Hymn by congregation. Scrip
ture reading by pastor. "The Strife Is O'er."
by the choir: tenor. A. Ayhens; eoprano. Miss
Mice Ayhens: alto. Mrs. Niel Stewart: bass,
T Hewitt. Prayer by pastor. Selection by
cliclr "T^e Resurrection.". Solo, by Alfred
Ayhens. Selection by choir. Sermon by pas
tor.
ST PATRICK'S CHURCH. Mission street,
between Third and Fourth — Solemn high mass
at 11 o'clock. Gounod's mass In honor of the
sacred he*rt of Je*us will be sunn by an
augmented choir with organ and orchestral
accompaniment under the direction of Miss
Mary Short. At th« offertory Giorza's "Re
gina Coell" will be sung. The sanctuary
choir will sing the processional hymn. "Strike
the Cymbal." and the recessional «" Alleluia, He
Is Risen." Tfce choir will consist of the fol
lowing: Soriranos, Misses Etta Welch, Mary
Radlein. Kate Robinson. Llllle Hughes, Ella
Canning Agatha Glover, Margaret Donegan,
Margaret Anthony. Mary Anthony. L. Brady;
altog. Misses Genevieve - Sullivan, Nellie
Sheehy. Kate Fuller: tenors, William G.
Callinan. Thomas J. O'Brien. Walter Han
cock. Theodore Wlltz. t Charles "Wlllet,
Charles Bullottl, Michael Donesran; bassos,
Eugene Bourlzeau, John J. O'Brien. James
O'Brien. Thomas Leach, William T. Snow,
John Howard; conductor. Curt C. Davis.
CHURCH OF NUESTRA SENORA DE
GUADALUPE — At 10 a-'m., hl«th mass. Mer
cadante's celebrated mass for three voices will
be rendered by the following ladles and gen
tlemen : Mrs. B. Camarena. Mrs. F. Loalza,
Mrs G. Hoods. Miss J. Peres. Miss R. Roy- |
lance Mls« A. McLea, Miss H. Andrade, M.
Castro. F. Loalza. G. Schuester, F. M. Wall-
Ing At the offertory. "Resurrexlt," . by H.
Esl&va. with solo and chorus. Organist and
director. S. Arrilla*a. . ,. ,'.- ;
CHURCH OF THE ADVENT, Elev
enth street, near Market — Solemn high
mass, 11 a. in.; organ prelude, (V)
"Let Us Froceed In Peace." ill)
ST. TERESA'S CHURCH— Masses at 7:30,
9. «nd high mass at 10:30. At the 9 o'clock
man the children's choir will sing Easter an
them*. At the 10:30 mass Battmann's mass in
C and l.itmbilloite'fs '"Kegina Co*ll" will b«
eung by th« following ciuartet: Soprano. Mrs.
C. J. O'ConneU; contralto. MlS3 Agnes K*n
drick; teuur. C. U* Girard; baas. Mr.' Edmln
ster. The muric at the 0 and 10:30. masses
will be under the direction of the orgaa'.st, Ml*s
Florence Cornan , -
Sopranos. Miss M. Fitzgerald. Miss R. Love
la::J ar.d Mrs C. Napoleone; altos, MIes R.
l-'istolefl and Miss G. Delzell; tenor. Alphonsa
Lutirlngrtr; basto, C Ccregbino. Ofganlat,
Mrs. G. Napolcone.
V"c*pers and benediction at 7:30 p. m., at
which i». Napoleone will rentfer the "O Sa
lutaris." v* ¦¦•£ .V>
rita Andrea Mojica.. contralto; Ed Lotx. tenor,
and Ch. Pechin. ba.sto cantante. Mme. Roeck.
el will eins the "Incarnatus"- and the-"I^au
date Domlnum." Organist. Joseph Roeckel.
SACKED HEAET CHURCH. Fell ahd Fill
more streets — The regular quartet choir under
the direction of Miss Gertrude Hopkins will
be augmented byr'a grand chorus in Clmar
osa'B military mass. At the offertory Slgnor
Burp hose will sing a rare composition by Gaet
ar.o Cappocl
OOItr*L'S CHRISTI CHURCH. CO Croke ave
nue — Will consist of low masses at- 6. 7:30,
S:3c\ »:30; high solemn ma&e at 10:30. at
which Rev. Father M. Borghlno will preach.
Special music will ba rendered by the follow
lns choir:
V!U be celebrated at 11 o'clock. An aug
mented thoir will render the following com
positions with organ and orchestral accom
paniment: Weber s celebrated miuss in ».»;
AVerner's "Salve Regina" will be given at the
offertory; Mascagnl's "Btnedlctus" after the
elevation; Handel's -'Lsudate"; olio and chorus
will be suog at the exit.
| Soloists — Miss Grace Sherry, soprano; 3en>-
Continued From Page "40, Column* 4.
Easter Songs
in Churches
THE SAN FRANGISGO: CAUS, SUNDAY, ¦¦•APRIL ; .:3a>i90i;
41
HOTEL LYNDON — Modern Improvements.
«xterslve grounds: popular amusements; lawn
tennis, croquet; climate uwurpasaed. . Opposite
depot. J. P. MOGENSON, Prop.
LOS GATOS.
The famous mountain health and pleasure
resort Is now ocen lor the patronage of the
public Address • JOHN JACOBS.
Napa Soda Springs.
• SEE THE ¦
TI3IELY TOPICS PAGE.
How the Two Great Armies in
.the Orient , Are ; Moved.
SEE. THE *
PHOTOGRAPHS.
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
2£xtenslv«l]r Improved since last season.
Opeaa April 1. THOS. U. BELL.. Mrr.. Fr-lton.
»."al. Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
foot of Market street. Round trip. $3.00. .
HOWELL ML, WOODWOHTfl'S ?i' t h a &
No foe. Purest spring water. Climate natural
tonic and tnvlgorator. R*widence £9 years. $7
per week. AVood worth ft XluUer. St.Helena.CaL
TUXEDO HOTEL.
OwiSemier H012 5 CaiP Merter
Pure water, equable climate. Iota eelling $!•
up; cottages built by Meeker, $50 up; depot:
stores; restaurant; hotel; post and erpre«»;
telephone; sawmill; &00 lots sold; 300 cottages
built. Saueallto ferry. N. S. R. R. M. C.
ilEEKER. Camp Meeker. Scnoma County.
but 9 miles Etacring: wa-
ter* noted Tor medicinal \-irtu«w: beet natural
hot mloeral water bath in State: boating and
swimming la Warm Springs Creek; good trout
etream»; telephone, telegraph, dally mall, ex-
nress and San Francisco morning and evening
papere FIRST-CLAES- HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE: both morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from San Francisco only $5 50. Take
Tiburon ferry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
Rate* $2 a <Jay or $12 a week. Ref erencea. any
truest of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery St., or or
J F. ML'LGREW, Sk&grs, Cal.
HOT SPRINGS. SONOMA
Qlf A fi/jQ COVXT?: only 4% hours
OA/i UUO from San Francisco and
THE GEYSERS
The Most rtmoni Health and Fleasujr*
Resort In California.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERT are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged the
bert on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and Hwunia baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water. Boating, hunting, fishing.
dancing, shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGES have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
fln« pavilion built this year.-
There will be a fully equipped dairy and liv-
ery stable In connection with the. hotel. The
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity.
The hotel will be supplied with the best the
market affords. Rates. $10. J12. $H and $16
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write ML H. CURRY.- Prop. The Geysers,
Sonoma County. California.
VACATION 1904
¦IS HOW HEADY FOR DISTRIBUTION.
"Vacation" Is issued annually by
California Northwestern R'y
TEE riCTUEESQUS BOUTE Cf CALIFORNIA
and is the standard publication .
on the Pacific Coast for informa-
tion regarding:
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS,
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This year's 'edition. "Vacation
1904" contains over 150 pages,
beautifully illustrated, and is
complete In its detailed informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, terra's, etc. -
To be had in response to a mail re-
Quest, or at Ticket . Offices, 660 Market
Street (Chronicle Building), and Tiburon
Ferry, foot of Market • Stre«t; General
Office, Mutual Life Building, corner of
Sansome and California Streets,, San
Francisco.
R. X. RYAN. Gen'l Pass'r Agent. .
H. C "VVHITKCG. Gen'l Manager.
DCDACHEItf Delightfully situated In the
DLKUMlClIil Santa Cruz Redwoods. Rates
$7 and W per week.. For circulars. address G.
V. BIEDEN'WEG. R. D. 121. Santa Cruz, Cal.'
ROCKT Falls FaraV ¦* miles from Santa Crux."
is mts. a.M.Shlppey.111 R.F.D.,Snta Crux.
| Week Comnendflg THIS AFTE2. 2
©;¦-. KOON.Aprfl 3. . •
• Th» Original, the Historical *
1 ;: BLIND TOM,. •
(g| - yjjg Wonderful Nesro Plaals t- I , O
I^ToUrfWELSONSi "I
a Famous European Rope Performers. a
Q Presenting "AX EVEXIXO IN 0
g PERSIA." ... . •
1 ~RVE^MOWATSi /$
© Expert" Jujorlers. J?
A The BraJceman and the Tramp.
icoiiiirwMiDE':
© , UiHto-Date Comediaas. ®
I wessbnT^altersTnd I
I wesson, :
9 In ThVlr Enccesrful Farce. "HOTEIi •
0 '¦•¦ KEPOSB." . •
||ill|ESlH;;Clll.LEH, if
g *"Xhe Party From th« West." ;
• Showlnr the l«test Nosgltle*. j g
• Lest Week of the Celebrated Spanish •
O" : ¦ Actress -and -Pantomlmlst, , . w
§ LA BELLE GUERRERO, I"
S Presentlns Her New Pantomimic m
2 Sketch, "I^A GITANA." . J
O Repilar . Jlatln^ss every Wednesday.. •
A 'Thursday. Saturday and Sunday. W
0 Prices 10c. 25c and 50c. - • ©
©•••••©•©©•©•••••©•o»©
UNION
F.J. KSXUT. Jad*»
jas. t. obace . m :..r. ....siim»«»
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, APRIL 3. .
HIGH CLASS
Reserve Stake
Sixty -Four Nominations
PURSE lOOO PURSE
- TRAIN BERVICB:
Leaves Third and Townsend streets, 1»:1S
a. m. and 1 p. m.; Twenty- fifth and Valencia,
streets flve minutes later. Returning after th*
last course. San Mateo electric cars every tanr
minutes during the day.
IN PREPARATION, 7-1
Grand National Champion Stakes.
SSCHUMANN-
HEINK
ALHAMBRA
1 NEXT TUESDAY AND
L; THURSDAY NIGHTS,
M 8.15.
8 SATURDAY. MATINEE, 2.30.
i Seats $2.00, $1.50, $1.00.. '\
S Box office, Sherman, Clay
[;&»cb.'i.-
JOSCELLANEOTTS AHITSEaiEKTa.
OPENING RECITALl
MARSHALL
M0OT3AT gIGHT.
STEmWAY ", TT A TiTm
ADMISSION 75C
SECOND PIANO RECITAL
MAURIGE RGBB
CHILD ' PIANIST.'
STE1NWAT HAli*. Z3 SCTTER ST..
FRIDAY EVENING.* 'April . 8, . .at ; 3 :13.
. Seats on sale, at Sherman * Cl»ya. Tickets.
HiRSIONnapa.
,. Recollect that the feather is de"^"^ J^
Napa when it Is cloudy In Sail; Francisco.
Steamer ST HELENA will leave Washlnxtcn-
ft w^rfT^le? 3. at 10 a. m.. SUNDAY April
3. ; rain or shines Tickets, round^trlp. .^.5 cen£
Stop two hours at Napa. , Good music Ke-
t reshmenta on board stttamer. .
SAH FRANCISCO :^
BY AUTOMOBILE <^^^^
CALL ilPs~2i§?
MOBUjS CAH2IAGE ' CO.
GOLDEN i GATE , AATE. 1 and GOUGH ST.*
r Phone Private Exchanre 770.
DoWato-wr .. Of flees— Coart ;: Palaos ; Hotal;
HHBUtaHBHBBBBRHBBBBBffBEaBBEBSBBBEBaBaBaBai!B
¦, ¦- « ¦ -'¦ -•¦-¦¦ ¦:¦-¦ -¦¦¦¦..•¦• - .'< • ¦;:-.» -¦ -¦ -^ - ¦:¦ :¦ - ¦¦: ' S3
H ' ¦ - .'¦:'¦"'. ;¦¦"' ¦ - "- -»»_ - : . J^ - ."•»;'¦"- -.;;-.:,; -,-, r ¦ ...~**»" • ¦ * - ¦ ¦ " ES i
jg — i *™**' CT iilli 1 ' 111 ™ l "iiriiiirt I Tr'-^ 1 » i^vi wvm\mt\ ikiai ¦ - ¦ jB
S ANNpUWCEMEWT EXTRAORDINARY 1
g UNVARWISHED FACTS |
I GUT RATE PRICES f
I "--^ ¦•¦>:-'¦•:¦ • • '-"-' ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦lii.iii'iii " •••.•¦'¦ ;:¦ . .. ¦
n The continuous inclemency of the weather makes;."
!j this season an extremely- short one. \Ve have b
! g been^manufacturing with increased force ever since |
a Jan. 1, expecting a large Spring Trade, thus piling : g
5 up an immense- stock which must be disposed of. a
¦OUR LOW PRICES WILL BE STILL LOWER. 5
§ CUT RATE PRICES I
¦ .... ..,¦¦¦.— am ||,,|||||,| W ||| • ' l ¦¦¦ l ¦¦¦¦ ¦! I V:-M
f SUITS JACKETS and SKIRTS I
g Fancy Eton Blouse and Mili- "White^ Novelty Coats/ lace ¦
B tary effect, trimmed, newest cut trimmed,* satin lined. -CUT. RATE, q
I S $22.50 Fancy Zibe- 0(7 xn SI2i50| SI3i50| S15 ¦
B line suits. Cut Rate, vl I I wU rvr i *—./-*- \ jir *• •¦
H «f c ivt ii_Ti)r' aia pa 1 NoveltyCovert and Venetian h
| » E ;SI0,SI2.50,$l5 1
H . $25 Suits of Fine Venetian ,• f m
g in black, cardinal, brown Etamine Skirt*, black and m
i and navy blue. « on navy, with silk ) drop skirts. ¦
S $35 Etamine Suits, novelty ¦MTE l dlliDU,.4lZi0U,dlD |
¦ effect.-, €0R $3 Fancy Cheviot "Walk- PQ ¦
| Cut Rate . . ........... OZU in^ Skirts* Cut Rate . . . . 01 g
¦ 1230^1232-1234 MARKET STREET. i
D ,-•"- .. • ¦ - -, ¦-.. • -.-¦., .; ¦•• ' '. B
BaBBHBillBBBHllBBBBHgilHgigBBBBBBaHgBaBHBBgBBHtiaaH
T1V/AI ;|;opera
i ¥ V?4il HOUSEv
£— - fcS. S» t-KZ-t. I , Performances
\ IR !'*<:*-£%*¦ Of"th« Tlvoll's
1/1/ && »^- fl Best ' Musical . Comedy,
V > . ¦-:/¦¦. ' ::. ' ..
With All th© Tirol! FaTorites and the " Great
BEATjrr CHOBT7S.
I Bsginnlng; MONDAY ¦, EVENING. April 11, j
Magmlflcent THE
Milloecker. BEGGAR
pip: STUDENT
vnth a Trenxendoni Cast
aad Reappearance of
iCARO ROMA and j L 1 ™"^
D9MEN1C0RUSS0 J oiSf DAT "
USUAL POPULAR PRICES — 25c 80c and
75c;t>roscenlum and rceKzanlne box Kati, $1.
CALIFORNIA
fa TO-NIGHT. - MUfc
'"- ¦• ¦ '¦'
The fares that has made millions
laugh.
FIRST. TIME HERE.
McFADDEN'S
.;.FLATS...
Entire Original Company as seen for
1200 niKhts In New York; 100 nights In
Chicago. '»
Don't mtes the "Yellow Kids," fun- "
nlest little fellows you have ever seen.
¦ Bring the children Saturday.
ALCAZAR E '^T
1 ¦ General Manaser.
x^sT Tram to-night. .
X. AST MAT. TO-DAT.
of Waamer'a Xmpr«»ive Miracle- Play.
...PARSJFAL..
. ; . *'".-¦'.• '' -" ¦•¦¦-¦-;¦:- -' ¦. . i
TO-MOBKOW NIOHT-O1TE WEEK. "
A GBEAT BASTES BILI*. C .v *:
Augustus Thomas' Merriest Comedy.
OIN THEQUIET
THE BEST FUN IN TOWN!
REGULAR PRICES RESUMED.
April 11— Dronson Howard's ARISTOCRACY.
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 633.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME.
RIP VAN WINKLE
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Magnificent Spectacular Production of
AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS^.v..
DDf pec Kvenings .* . . . .-. .\ 10c to 50c
iniWLJ Matinees '. 10c, 15o, 25c
)&$*$&££*
THE BIGGEST HIT HVER MADE \
The tremendously successful Turkish lyric I
Comedy. . .
Funny — Brilliant — Beautiful.
A Hit — A Positive Hit. •:>,'.:
OUR "ALL STAR" CAST, Including Rich-
ard F.Carroll. John P. Kennedy, John Peachey,
Ben T. Dillon. Helen Russell. Nellie Lynch,
Lizzie Derious Daly.
RESERVED SEATS— Nlgrhts. 25c, BOc and
75s. Saturday and Sunday Matinees. 25c and
BOc Children at Matinees. 10c and 25c.
Soon we will produce "CHOW CHOW," a suc-
cessful Eastern. Burlesque.
High-Class Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening In the Heated Theater.
H AWLEY AND VASS : AGNES MILES ;
DUTCH WALTON: SHECK BROTHERS:
CLARK'S DOG CIRCUS; MABEL LAMSON
AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Get Lost In the MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
J Take a TRIP DOWN THE FLUME.;
Rare Animals From Every Clime In the Zoo.
AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY.
: Admission. 10c: Children, 8c. ' ?--:, f ~
Racing [Spills Racing
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB,
Racine Each Week Da-. Rain or Shine.
Six or More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
S. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:30,
1:00, 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two
cars, which are reserved for ladies and their
escorts. .
Returnlnc v trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:43 and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS Hr WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT, Secretary.
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)BOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND "- REBUILT at expense
of $260,000 — New Management— ENTIRELY,
FIREPROOF. .
LOCATION — Very t accessible to street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS ; with • LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several private rooms in antique decorations,
Turkish Baths. In Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT, D« Stet-
cer. Chef, formerly '¦ of Waldorf-Astoria ¦ and
Chef to Prince of Wales. .-. -
.,- HOTEL • ORCHESTRA : Telephone Connec-
tions in every room ;¦¦ Ions distance connections
made with any 'part of the coast.
< Wire for '<. reservations, at; our, expena*.
HOTEL BUTLER, Seattle. Wash. , *
I - • ¦ ¦¦¦ .'.-••• .'. ' ".--' " "¦¦ \ "'¦'"' ¦ - -'•-¦• '.' •"¦
PaiafA DOWT FAIL TO
l:" 1 "** tee the beiratiful
- COURT Lotmginj
/Ififl room. th£ EMPIRE
fl** 11 PARLOR, th«
(iranfl LOUISyXVAPAR^
Uia * 11 * LOR.tndthelLA^
W ii.1^ DIES' WRXTINQ
Hotels j«>°*-
ADVEBTISEHENTS.
Right Now You Can Rent a
S^JJg^k Tor month up cr buy a new high-class oiano at f4. Such low rates have
ArVfl never been made. I'Tlors are lower than ever *T»rcd by any houre in this
S3 E9 rttjr. V«'e ere the only dealers rroiu whom jtiu can set a piano direct
GS fSj from ih» factors" at wholesale factory Drlcee. That Is the reason why
Mg more H?ine ;>;an» are Ui use In iian Francisco than any three makes
g& combined. Some *p«:laj terrain*: -*
kB NKW— Helir Bros, planes. $203: Conovw pianos, f2C5; Stelger pianos.
tir g»»JM»; Krell pianos, ?.175; Davis & Sons' pianos. (.5O; Eommer pianos,
BN SlUbtly v**& and *econd-hsnd pianos— H«lne pianos, ?2^» up: Steinway
fef jlw» m rianop. SKIT, tr: Chickerinjr pianos. «!.•»<? up: Hmrrson planes. up;
Oe^Sit^M V-^^rr nlanos. !<O."» ur>: Conranl rianon *1H» up; Vcse pianos. *V."» up;
-.,_ ». Arion i'lano. almoM new. J1C; German etelnway. *OO; English Collard,
r^ew }orl; Haynrr. mahorany. $11'J; and 300 others
HEINE PIAXO CO.. 235-23r Ge»ry st. Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
AMUSEMENTS.
A2XUSEKE28TS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GET A COLUMBIA;
y )(^3BSS( of the Talking Machines. \
\^\ if V \ IT DELIOETS ZTVXBTOSX — And the best *
1 ll/^-k J of mil I* th«r »r« so cheap. WTille a few years aro
' 1 *^\ J / •» they cost a hundred dollars) or more, yon caa ret a
V N IL y tetter one now for $7.50 or less, still better ones at \
wvl l^**T Y* hlarhcr prices on convenient credit plan. j »
\ \. %. A reniarkahle redaction also raade in the S^^L fsajir V
b5> S& I // rrice of ctir superior GOLD MOTJTJJED Lm,. M& K^Stv 1 .*"
W Suit// CYXIirurK SECOESS. The finest made. **&J*gf >^*^ r*
Columbia Phonograph Co., Gen'l.
Manufacturers Disc and Cylinder Graphophones, Records and Supplies.
1 25 Geary Street, San Francisco. Open Saturday Evenings.
4 AMUSEMENTS.
MECHANICS r PAVILION.
TWICE DAILY FOR
»NINE CONSECUTIVE; DAYS
to-Night at 8:15 |
NORRIS &ROWE'S
CIRCUS MENAGERIE MUSEUM HIPPODBOBE
JUST TWICE LARGER THAN EVER BEFORE
2 -RINGS E^^ D RINGS-^
K Nfijtf CIRCUS THROUOHOUT "si
PRICES OF ADMISSION-Adults, 25 Cents. Children, 15 Cents.
RESERVED SEATS— Adults, 50 Cents. Children, 25 Cents.
BOX SEATS, $1.00. Advance Sale at Sherman & Clay's Music Co.
AND AT MECHANICS' PAVILION. ;
TO-NIGHT G^^^^ "DAS OPFERLAMM" 1
"Glad Easter Tidings" TA M fk DDAIA/ |\J I ft HT N1 * nUy - Indu<lln 8r Sun.
2 Weeks Beginning ¦ \l r lTl VT l\I\ VF W V Illvlll I MaUnee Saturday Only
rL—JBt^—^L^^BKiasjl '^•TBnsSSMsJBSSruIS^. ».-J^«-i Jr.— u u_IS. .iiiim^w Bi jff^
¦-¦¦:;¦ ¦ IN HER GREATEST MUSICAL COMEDT SUCCESS.
"^ "™"^^^ Adapted by Joseph W. Herbert. Muslo by Gus-
]\ZI/\]W§ELLE ,tav Luders. Composer of the "Prince of
ORDERS BT MAIL.' MUST BE ACCOMPANIED BT CHECK OR MONET-ORDER.
SEATS RESERVED BT^ TELEPHONE HELD FOR A LIMITED TIME ONLY. •
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BIBHBBBBIBIBaiiaEilDBIIBHBBaSESReasaBBaQ
i (GRAND OPEBA HOUSE. I
¦ -¦ •¦••• - -• " - - -f- ' '•'•'•¦ 5
H ¦ ., ..... . ... ...... .. .... . -. .== g
¦ BEOINNINO ' TO-MORROW EVENING. ALL THE WEEK— ONLY MATINEE ¦
¦ '¦ ¦ '- '¦ '¦- 8ATURDAT.: •_" '¦ g
[MRS. FISKE!
¦ - IN SARDOU'S COMEDT. g
S 0IVORGONS 1
* ' . PRECEDED BY Q
"^ BIT OF OLD CHELSEA. S
¦ ' ' . -. .- ¦¦ : ' " ¦ , ¦ — ¦ — —¦ - — ... •¦¦... — ' -' 'I -' ' ¦' ' ; ".: - - - m
B NOTE— Seats, purchased forth* performance of "A. Doll's , House," announced' ¦
n for this week, may be exchanged for! next week. ,. . " : ¦ .. S
[¦ >,' /APRIL 11TH LAST .WEEK OF,- MRS. FISKE. ' ~
¦ Monday, Tuesday. .Wednesday, Thursday and; Saturday matinee, ."A Doll's -.House" ¦•
I ' B ¦ ¦ and '-'A- Bit of Old Chelsea." Friday, ,"Hedda GabJer." Saturday nisht to be an- B
i h nounced. ¦¦:¦'.¦¦' •¦¦¦ -•¦-.¦ " • .' : '"^ItjFiNnuVMmft^ffFmAmlbStr '¦' B
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
| THE WEEKLY CALL
Si &e>r Year.
~»*^JC /
IBARTLETTI
I Thcli5hm| j ji
lront season opened iiear
I I April 1st, I I
And those who enjoy catching the
speckled beauties will find rare cport at
BarUett durirjr the months of April and
May.
The NImrod who -would hunt bear aad
other large game can eecure the services
of an old mountaineer and tranter, with
good bear dogs and saddle animals.
They set a good table at BarUett. and
everything is done to make the guests
comfortable and contented.
RATES $12 to $17.50 per week
Write to J. E. McMAHAN. Bartlett
Springs, Cal., or call at 2 gutter street,
San Francisco.THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY. APRIL 3, 1 004.
42
REAL. ESTATE—^-CITY— FOR 8.VLE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,"
-. 25 POST ST. '
$5,000— Natoma ct.. near Ninths lot 25x»5;
4 seraraU flaU; rents $49 per month.
$24,000 — Fourth street business property; '3-
story building In excellent repair con-
taining stores and fiats; large lot. 50x
~S; rents $160."
$4,000— Vicinity of Third st. and Southern
PaclCc d«pot: large lot with double j
frontal*; 4 separate flats; rents $4-
per month; owner anxious to sell; an
offer will be entertained.
$7,700— Thirteenth rt.. fronting Duboce Park;
if«!de:jce of 9 rooms and bath, high
basement. ¦':..'•:
$7.250— Rents $71 per month; large lot. 3Sx
SS; 2 stores and 2 flits; street bitumln-
!xed; cement sidewalk; Guerrero street
electric cars pass the property.
$3,000 — Rent* $43 fiO^per month; 3 flats on
Eighteenth St.. near Folsom.
$0.000 — Price reduced for immediate sale :
corner on First st.. a few blocks south
of Market; lot 25x75; house of 10 rooms
and bath.
$11,000 — Folsom St.. near 3rd; let 25x160 to a
rear street; 2 houses of S and 9 rooms
ami bath each; splendid speculation.
$6.750— First St.. near Folsom: lot 45:6x68:9;
2 flats and a cottare; rents S4C
$4,750 — Caetro-st. buxine&s property: r^nts
$37 bo per month; lot 25x125; store and
a flat above. '
$7,500— Pine st.. near Fillmore; lot 25x127:6
to rear street; residence and flats; rents
$5S 50.
$8.000— Oak st.. near Webster: 2 flats of 3
and 6 rcoms and bath each; rents
$17 50.
$20.0C0 — O'Farrell St., downtown location: lot
27:6x11:0 to rear street; modern build-
ing of » eetarate flats: rents $180 per
month.
$5,500 — Ninth ave.. near Park entrance; lot
25x120; 2 nrvr flats of 5 and 6 rooms
and bath each; rente $15 per month;
easy terins.
$4.100 — McAllister St., near Golden Gate
Park; let 25x137:6; 2 flats of 5 rooms
and bath each: rents $:>G.
$125,000 — Swell aoartment house cf 110 rooms:
everything high class; lot CS:Jb:187:6;
rents $725; mortgage of $45,000 can
remain;
$5,500 — Devlradero-st business corner; new
improvements: stor*» and flats: large
lot. «3xll0; rents $3('l 50.
$S,500 — California tt.. downtown location: lot
27:6x57; 2-story frame building; store
and rooms above; rents $3S.
?6, 000— Central ave.. near Fulton «t.; new
building of 2 Cats of 4 and 5 rooms
4u.'-l bath each; rents $55.
$7,750^ — California St.. near Baker: 2 flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath each; i-:nts
$C7 50.
EPUCK & CO.. 209 Montgomery St..
Opposite entrance to Mills Building.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Selling. Leasing,
Rents Collected. Insurance.
GRAND DOWN-TOWN CORNER.
$210. COo— Vicinity of Powell and Ellis sts.;
t*-o corners; 5 etores and S5 rooms;
a'mcpt 100 feet frontage: can be leas-
ed for $1475 per month; 7 1-3 per
cent net investment.
APARTMENT-HOUSE CORNER.
$120.000 — Corner apartment house; best loca-
tion; 110 rooms; (inert modern ap-
pointments throughout; lot 54x87 ft.;
rent JS75; 10 years secured lease;
assuming $45,000 Investment pays 10
per cent.
12 PER CENT INVESTMENT.
$100,000 — Rents $t>W)O annually; cash secured
lease; no better tenant; modern
building; lot 55x137:6; Investing $50.-
000 cash and assuming bank mort-
gage of $50,000 at b% per cent, pays
12 per cent net.
137. -6x137 :C CORNER.
$50,000 — 137:6 corner. Golden Gate ave.: sub-
stantial improvements; always rent-
ed; $30. COO mortgage at 5H per cent
per annum can remain: selling on
account of owner's departure to 'Eu-
rope; reasonable offer entertained.
HAYES STREET.
$24.COO — Hayes st.. qear Luguna; lot 37 :S
frontage: two" frontages; rents $16S:
want offer; selling on account of
owner's departure for Europe.
POST-STREET BARGAIN.
$18,500— Lot €2:6x124; two frontages; east of
Fillmore st.; improvements In first-
class order: rents $140: bank mort-
gage of $10,000 can remain.
GRAND INVESTMENT.
$13,OO3-i-n«m |130; pood flats; vicinity Van
Ness and Grove; lot 27:»Jxl20 feet;
this bargain U hard to beat.
$13,500— Modern Pats near Fillmore and
Waller sts.; rents $122; lot 50 feet
froiitaer.
BUSINESS CORNER.
$S,500 — Two stores and four flats; corner
north of Market st. : 41:6 frontage;
yearly rents $»>; paying II \t per
cent.
BIG INTEREST-PAYING FLATS.
$25.000 — Corner. Western Addition; rents $230;
lot 37:6xS5: splendid new building.
{22.500 — One-half block from Market nt.;
rents $171; flne improvements; let Z5x
100.
$19,000 — Annual rents $2185; Golden Gate
Park: modern bay-window flats; lot
50x137 :*.
$13.500 — Rents $1440 yearly: four new flats;
near Park Panhandle; lot 37:Cx
- 112:6.
$3.250— Rerts $36 50; business property near
Sixth and Harrison sts.; lot has two
frontages.
$8.000— Vicinity of Ninth and Mission; three
flats; rents $56; building In flrst-
cla*s condition; let 2l:6xS4:5.
SPECK & CO..
2C3 MONTGOMERY ST.
MADISON & BURKE.
v REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
% ESTABLISHED JANUARY, 1S5S.
50 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House
; $lii,000 — Dtvisadero st,r> store and flats; lot
90x82:0; new building; rent $150.
$30,CO0 — InsH» burlness property; on Third st. ;
rent ?22S0 per annum.
$7,600 — Sacratn<~' to St.. north line, near
Stetner: i«-room house, in fine condition;
this is a nice home.
$13,500— Thirteenth ft., near Market; 6 flats;
annual rents $1254; lot 50 feet front.
$12,000 — Post St.; two large, well constructed
houses; very lane lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT,
i $3,000 — 6 Cats and store b«low; near Sixth
; and Brannan rts.; rent $35 per month;
new buildlr*.
$5,000 — Ashbury *t., near Frederick: a flne
large 10-room house; near the park:
hMllard-roont. finished attic and all
; modern conveniences.
. $5.0C0— Cottage and lot; Tiartlett St.. near
Tweaty-flrst; C rooms and bath; all
I latest imrrovements.
LOTS-
i $10.500— Half 60-vara. 68:9x137:6; Broadway.
> near Fitlmcre st.; grand marine view.
$3.000— Steiner «t.. bet. Geary and O'Farrell
st. car lines; 2 lots, S5xl37:U feet.
$«,&(<) — Cliattanooea fJ.. near Twenty-third;
large lot, 65x117:0 to rear street.
$2,&00 — Dolores «t.. near Twenty-third; 25-
foot let running to street In rear; must
ceil to close estate.
$10,750— Page *t.: 2 up-to-date flats, fi and 7
; rooms and bath; annual rent $300.
! Lets 27:6xl37:«. on Sutter st., between Steiner
and P^srce.
I ¦ -
! Buildin? lot». northeast* comer Golden Gat*
ave. and Baker t-t.: In sizes to suit;
; prices from ??C00 UDward.
! Three lots, each 27:lixl37:6. on south line cf
Geary tt..' net r Fillmore.
"MADISON & BURKE,
SO Montgomery st.. opp. Lick House.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
10S MONTGOMERY ST.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS.
[ Lnt *n north fide of Jackson Bt. near Lo-
Icust: 25x127:*: beautiful uninterrupted marine
view: only $4000: adjoining lots asking $200
j per friht foot.
! SUNNY MODERN FLATS. ' •
: On Clay st., near Baker; « and 7 rooms,. at-
' tI-2 and basement; rented for $75 d*t month;
I lot 25x127; price reduced from 5DO00 to $S5C0.
COLONIAL FLATS.
Two new pretty. Cats. 5 and 6 rooms, flndy
finished throughout; beamed ceilings in halls
snd dlninr-roore«; marble steps, etc: large
lot. 2SxlCU; on Willard st.. looking into Golden
Gate Park; cne block west of £tanyan,~ near
[ Frederick ; rcnta ?C5.
. RICHMOND COTTAGE.
Frontliyr on tew park from Golden ; Gate
Park, to Pre«ldio- 6 rooms aad bath; tot 25x
I 127:6; price fOGGO.
TWO CHEAP LOTS
In Presidio Helchts: Laurel st.. near Sacra-
mento; only $l«0O each.
BUSINESS CORNER.
Between Market and Mission and Second and
! Third Ks.: 4«x«» feet; old buildings rent for
1 $4350; price $15,000.
I •• . Marine view residence on .Paclflc Heights;
»!>]• r.UU new residence, commanding; marine
view; everything the very. be«: hardwood
floors, bUllartl room. ' furnace, etc; -price
$13.0fi0; an ofter wanted.
Send for Jirt of cheap lots In all parts of
! McAFEE BROTHERS.
1CS MONTGOMERY ST. '
JOSEPH STRAUS.-'-: • 63O Market it.
{C000 — 2-stcry - home, stnre. 4 ' rooms;-- i*t
above. & rooms and Lath; stable.
$2250 — 2 flats of 4 rooms each.
$5500— 2-story * houee. - S ; rooms, . bath. ' hue- i
ment: near Haisht , and , Broderick."
$5500— Very ulce'-tiome "of * 9 j.-ooma,- | ba'l '1
vicinity Frederick st. and Tremont ave.
¦ S5C<>0 — NE. ccr. 23d and Bryan;' ave.;. 3 c->'.-
tascs;- stable: plenty rooai for: rUt«: -SCM9J. . • -. ;
REAL ESTATE— CITY— FOR SALE.
,- . CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COM-
PANY. 4 10 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED KROM MILL* BUILUINO TO MOKi:
COMMODIOUS QUAKTER3 IN
HAYWAKD U UlLDlNG.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION* DOLLARS.
BY THOROUGH SrSTEM AND ORGANI-
ZATION the CAL. TITLE INSURANCE AND
TRU8T COMPANY. ha» as many advantages
over the old-fastlcned title examiners— each
working alone aad without co-operation— aa
the great «ho« factories at Lynn hav. over tin
cobbler of the olden time.
THE CAL. TITLE INSURANCE AND
TRUST ¦COMPANTUNDKR ITS CHARTER
and depoait of $10u.0OO aa a trust esnipany with
th* State Treasurer I* authorized by Uw r t,
act tn any trout capacity. Where actlas
Jointly with Individuals it render* great as-
sistance by obtaining Investments and giving
clerical aid in the matter of aceocnta.
THE ONLY BAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPACT haYiBK a complete lo-
cality plant or copy «f the real estate *•****•
constructed especially for Insuring real esta.e
title* like modern plants of New York. Boston.
Chicago and Eastern cities: reaaonat.e ratej.
regular trust conisaziy business trans*ct«J
I under State charter: all matter* controUea and
managed by th« following „____
! DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD, ;
President Bask o£ Callforcla.
CHAP.LES R. BISHOP. . - _ . ,"-^,._
Vle» Pre». Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE. ft
iietnr u nxvo^^
P. U. MLIENTHAL. .
Mar.ar-r Acglo-CallJorsUa Bask.
OJn«y tc Olsver. Attys and Cc«=s«Ior».
CHAKLr^PAG^^^^ A KaUbu AUyfc
K. T. KPOT J^' CaL yjj,, , 3t Tra gt Ca.
john n. wa^^ w c^.^^
SOME BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$7Oi3— Corner Teath * v «^..S xi0T " w -* t»»-v
$:/»— A large corner, 62xlW. «otith e* Park.
$1200 r oafy fer 2 let.; Mxll4; ca 25th^ near
Ca*tro-«t- cars; a, faeriflee: street work doa«.
$75 each; nice level lots; 23xl£» each; at Intfe-
!30C<£-Flne lot fcr residence or Cats; 23x112;
McAllister st.. near De*Ua<Jer».; maxe aa
X3?,T0^-'sightly NW. corner; 50x100; PreaUla
$12O>^- Future buslsesa corner; 4QxlCO; Clemeat
st. Blchmond*
122C-O— Beautiful lot; 23x120; DeTlsadero at..
south of HaJrht- „, _,_„___
SOME SPECIAL BARGAINS IN HOUSES
AND LOTS.
$2500 — New house: 7 rooms aad bath: e 9rn^T
lot. 35x<>4; on Elizabeth st.. near -4th an-
Castro-st. cars-
$2500— Neat modern 5-room cottage In Missies;
lot 23x114. :."„"_.
$5000— Big lot, 30x137:6. and good 2-story. •-
room house; near Page and Stetser.
JSCOO— Best bargain In Western Addition;
double lot. 42:6xl37:fl. with »ab«antlal 2-
story and basement dwelling: 10 rooms, tall
and porcelain bath: Csished street and ex-
cellent neighborhood.
$14,5(0 — Rare Investment In Chinatown: wt »3
feet front, with a. modern 4-story bricx build-
in*: rents $1500 year. *
$6250— Orocery corner on Guerrero st.: i£t__^x
75 with 2-story store and Cats; rvxf $4. 50.
i $10,000—3 elegant flats en Broderick at., near
Hayes; rent* $90 menth-
$120 CCO— Large frontage on Market St., near
Eleventh: or.ly $1COO frost foot.
- ROTHERMEL A CO.. o07 Caliroral* st.
B. SCHAPIRO * CO.. gT
$4500— Brick building, cosslstlss of store
and flat and basement: renting very low at
present 'or *45O per annum: PaclCc St.. near
Sansomc; this property will soon enhanc* la
value.
$6250— Rectal S«0 per month: 2 flat* ca
Broderick St.. near Haisht; a barzaia lot the
price.
$9250 — Rental $90 per month: this property
is rented furnished at present for $1280 per an-
num; 27 feet frontage: on» th* sunny aide of
Geary st.. near Hamilton square; 3 bay-win-
dow Cats of <J rooms each and bath.
$10,000 — 34:4^x137:*: Geary st-. near La-
cuna; present Improvements rent for $338 per
annum: large vacant srace In rear of lot for
building rear C&ta.
?12.750— Rented very low at $1C?O r-r an-
num: 3. modern Cats on a prominent 32:*» feet
ccrner; eentrally located: all the rocms ar-s
l!-ht. as each Cat- has bay window both 13
front snd on sides: beautiful building.
B. SCHAPIRO & CO..
€20 MARKET ST.
INVESTMENT PROPERTY.
$5700 — Rented for $570 p«r year: new. np-t<>-
date flats in swell neUht-*-hood. S»» GEO.
1 STIERLEN. owner and bonder, at 1-TTJ M«-
i scnlc ave.. bet. Waller and Frederick *t*.
! FOR sale — Factory site, containing 23.CO
square feet: fronting on "two street* ; near
i California Wire "Works; easily reached by
! spur track. Ownir. S39 Castro st.
BARGAINS- $S500: new buildings. 3 flats. «
rooms, bath each. H. FEIGE. builder ani
owner. Capp st.. near . Twenty-stxth.
' INCOME property; south cf Market asd China-
j town: home* Richmond. Sunset. Missies ¦!:-»-
i trlcts: printed list city and country property;
I exchanges. W. J. White. 2« Montgomery, r.4.
' WANTED — Lot in Richmond District; cash;
j no agents. Bex 1151. Call of Cce.
i TO close estate. 2 lot*. SW. ccr. EsracraMa
« asd Andersen. E- S. Isaacs. 513 Exam. bldg.
, LATEST sy«tem sanitary plumbing by AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plambers. STO Howard.
t REAL ESTATE — Country — Vur Sale.
• FOR fzrr«. stcck raaeh* a. orchard aa<J riae-
yard lands, ca^l ea or ad-Jress
Rotherm*-! * Co.. 5C7 California street.
t2VXI — Nice farm. 21 acrrs. with nsw hoas*
and b»-.rn: ne«r Martinez. _' «;
J223O-TSO acres valley land; 5- room house
' tr.d barn: 4 miles from Santa. Rs*a,
$2250 — 13-acre farm, with house asd barn;
12 acres orchard:' Soccsia VaUey.
$35CO— Must be sold to satisfy msrtsafe;
12t>-acre ranch la Anderson Valley: ea line
of surveyed railroad; with good house and
bam: 20 acres orchard: fertile land: also
40 acres redwood at $10 aa acre; are this
and make offer.
$5000— Nice horns farm, 14 acres: 6-nvwn
house, barn; mest all la orchard; ccaTenisnt
to Haywartls. . .
$5C00— Ranch 120 acres, with £=e hou*s
and barn: 25 acres In orchard aad TtseyarrJ;
S miles from Santa Rosa.; iaclsdes all per-
sonal property.
Redwood timber lands in lot to suit, frca
160 to 10.f*t> acres.
$10 an acre — WOO acres surar asi yellow
nine land; title perfect.
$50 an acre — 520 acres tale vegetable Iaad.
producing large crops potatoes, corn, beans.
etc.: rent for $7 an acre: on way to Stockton.
1 . 30.000 acres grein. fruit and pastor* land.
{ with many IrooroTemenUi for subdivision, la
San Luis Obispo. reduced to $10 aa acre; worta
nearly double-.
25.C00 acred in Tehama Cour.ty. Sacrameat^
Valley; well Improved: at a sacrisc* to desa
widow's -estate: $6 per acre.
$13.000 — Fine Improved farm, a gentleman's
home: ISO ac-re.-. at Boulder Oeek. Saata Cruz
Mountain*: nice S-roora house, bars, oat-
bulldinsrs. runnlBC water. elc<trtc lights, lawn,
j orchard, etc.: a beautiful country place; easy
Urms. or exchanges on city property.
$2©.cno—4COO acres; paying stock raach. with
excellent hrrrovements; edge of Little Lak*
Valley, near Wlllltj. oa fork of Eel Rl»er; all
cattle and imrrovemtnts "Included.
*«2.C0O— Stock ranch: 2640 acres cs» graxins
land, with butldicrs: well watered: plenty cf
wood and farm land: ta t!»e hills .near Ukiah.
S4 an acre^ — Rare barraln: 1V*> acres on Rus-
sian River and at railroad station; hill aad
valley land: with Umber.
ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 Qdlforata st.
TWENTY RANCHES FOR SALE
Alameda County.
Only *hcrt drtre from Pleasanton or Hay-
wards. Examine these prices for deep, rich
valley and smooth rolling hill lands, within
forty. mlUs of San Francisco, with delivery
service al your door:
147 acres, for $7.ttx>x
:K acres for ........:.... $4.22»
.122:. acres for........... ..tmA'-x
5«a acres for .r22.73Ox
1R4 acres for *!¦>..-•»
1« a-rea for .JlS.rrn
11« acres for $.h.ch»s
«S^ acres for .......-.....;. $4,750
• All la crops; all for sale on oae-thW cash,
balance la Ova years at •< per cent Interest.
WlU mbitivide tracts wlth:crcs* ix\. A?»o
j twenty other. ranches at same low prices. Fcr
particular)), apply to
. OWNER, room 22. 2X2 Sanwa« st.
I HAVE for -Mle several fine fans*. 12O acre*
and upward: pric* from $23 to $50 per *m:
all level, plenty of water and wood, splendid
climate, near two |sror«»*d roads and th*
celebrated Eel Riv*r coal fluids. For further
particular*, addrtss Bex 2, Covelo, Mendocino
County. Cal. " •
ALFALFA.", tiO acrss. • 6 crocs, productnr 4«<>
- ta SCO tons: Irrigated frvr.s mala ditch: high-
ly lmrrored; one> mile from deaot; creamery,
.church am! school: for quick »a!e a bargain.
$>7?4I. K. W., SI 6 TcMmtt* hid?., Stockton.
FOR SALE— 123. acres flne virgin redwood aad
-pine timber near L. E. White's raUroai at
Elk Creek .Mendoctso County. For full par-
ticulars apply tc A, CLOCKERS. Albion
P. O.. Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vlceyarii: ia'rvcte.1 barjila*: monthly ia*.»-
l«rue» sent fre«» C U. "WOOSTER COu M3
"-:- Market ft. ,.. ..,...;. '.:-.;....,
SEND 'for catalocue •"CalUorala'a " Choicest
Acre*." WTLt.lAM P. WRIOHT. Moust*in
View. - Santa Clara Couaty. CaO.
REAL. ESTATE— CITY— -FOR SALE.
G. H. UMBSEN * CO..
20 Montgomery ft.
$70 k 000— 12 elegant Cat* aad a three-story
house; rents $473 per month; 137:6x100;
ecrner.
S47.500 — KenU S4820 per annum: apartment-
.faous* is th» beet renting neighborhood;
very light and sunny; nearly half of
50 vara.
$32,000— Price reduced to make a quick sale;
rented low at $25S0 per annum; three
elegant new, very sunny modern flat*
of S rooma and bath each; large corner
lot: 2 prominent atreets in the Western
Addition.
$27.500— Rents $2760 per ' annum; 6 elegant,
new modern park panhandle flats;
50x137:6.
$26,000— A bargain on Third at.; lot coctalnlng
S100 square feet; 2 frontages; old im-
provements: an elegant piece to lm-
i prove.
J25.000— 3 handsome corner flats, with perma-
nent marine view; S rooma and bath
each; finished attic and high finished
basement; rents $22S0 per annum; Pa-
clflc Heirhts.
$25.000— Good site fcr an apartment-house:
• Hyde st.. 60x120; 2 houses ©I 10 rooms
and bath each, renting for $100 per
month: Improvements of little value.
$20,000 — Elegact. modern mansion on Presidio
HeirhU; very sunny; unobstructed
marine view; S0xl34.
$1C. 000— Valencia it.. ne*r Sixteenth: Improve-
ments nominal vaJue; a eplendld lot to
Improve; 60 feet front; a bargain.
$14.000— Rents $1260 per annum and can be
Increased: inside Investment; elegant
view; 6 Cats: 44x137 :«.
$13,000 — Van Ness ave.; 2 flats of 7 rooms and
bath each: high basement; rents $1050
per annum: 25x109.
$12.5C0— Rents $IU5O per annum; 3 elegant new
park Cat?.
I12.CO0 — Rents $130S per annum: Mission warm
belt; 6 flats and lot 45x122:6; stable
and driveway.
$11,000— Business ccraer cn Fifth St.; store and
Cat and cottage: 25x75.
$10.750— Rpnts $1CSO per annum: Ashbury
Heights: 2 new modern Cats of •-»
room* and bath each; furnace: 25x110.
$3.500 — Rents SlOmO per annum: Buchanan
st.: 3 nearly new Cats of 6-5-5 rooms
and bath each; large let.
$7,500 — Inside of Larkin and California sts.:
rents $630 per annum; 2 Cats of 6
rooms and bath each.
$0,000— Rented low at $4S5 per annum: Fal-
K>m at.- Ml*«lon warm belt: 2 flats cf
5-6 rooms and bath each: brick founda-
* tlon, etc: 25x122:6.
$5,750 — Rents $4?6 per annum: near new post-
office; 2 flats and high basement; In
Perfect order; 25x75.
$4 500 — Coxy home oear Califcrnia tt.: 6
rooms; tiled kitchen and bath; finished
basement and laundry: 25x120.'
13.500 — Rents $450 per annum: Mission wirm
belt: 2 Cats of 7-5 rooms and lot 25x103.
$3.300 — Rents $420 per annum; near 4th and
Bryant ets.: 4 flats and lot 25xS0.
Fcr further particulars cf»the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
rrcperttes for sale H all parts of the. city. In-
ctire at our office.
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Mentrrtnery st.,
R*al Estate Agents and Auctioneer*.
PHSIRABLE sunny building lots, close to Du-
boce Park: bltumlnlied streets; lots level and
ready to build on: a rare chance to obtain
a holding: admirably situated and close to
the city at a very reasonable price ; diagram,
price and all further particulars at our office.
G. H. UMB5EN & CO..
20 Montgomery st..
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
LYON & HOAG.
11« MONTGOMERY ST.
Send for our printed list of property for
sale in all sections of the city.
RICHMOND LOTS.
$500 to $000— $25 cash, balance $10 monthly;
lots ca Point Lobos, «4th and 35th aves,..
Date a few left, ;
$t00 e»ch— Lots on Lake, near 21st ave.; a I
E&ap: be c.uick. ]
SOink OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
|i*0U — Two substantial Cats, containing fi
rooms aiid bath each; in Al condition.
This is one of the best renting rections
south of Market; rented low at 5JS; mort- j
gage $13f«> can remain; near 4th and
Bryant sts.
StiOO — Two new flats near Church anj _jth
ets. ; 4 and 5 rooms and bath; laundry j
and baseme-r.t; brick foundation; rent *•>£. i
NEW MISSION FLATS. '<
$52S0— Two new flats of 4 and Xt rooms; 'per-;
celain baths; strictly modern and up to
date: street wcrk ail done; rents $42 50;
ntar' Harrison snd Twenty-second sts.
NEW MISSION FLATS.
$5250 — Two new flats of 4 and 5 rooms «nd
bath; laundry in basement; brick founda-
tion; rent $3$.
$5S5O— Another up-to-date home; i Moorish
style ot architecture; clo^e to the park; ;
contains « splendidly arranged rooms; I
terras $1000 cash. $55 monthly: all the
latest conveniences: paneled dining-room,
t*anwd celling?. beauUful reception hall,
hot air furnac*; a charming home; artistic ;
in every detail. |
|j(O0 — Three-etcry residence of 9 rooms ana
bath- everything in flrst-class condition;
-on lith St.. near Howard.
HUME ON BERNAL HEIGHTS.
J2S0Q — Residence of S rooms: barn, sheds, etc.;
«> lots; on Brewster st.. not far frum
the cars-
COTTAGE NEAR TOWN.
' $2500 — Home of ti rooms and bath:- raadern
plumbing: rented low at $17 50; Broad-
way, near Taylor st.
A nNE BUY.
1 J5150 — Rents $540: 2 brand new flats on the
tax-rametito st. car Un*: 5 rooms and bath
each; every modem Improvement. This
U a rna:\ Be <nlck.
" INVESTMENT NEAR PARK.
i $6250 — Rents *C«>; 2 new flat* cf 5 and 6
rfomj and bath: modern in *-.>ry respect;
wlth'.n a block of 2 car lines and one
block of Golden Gate Park.
LYON & HOAG.
110 Montgomery et.
GREAT SUCCESS.
WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK BELLING
FAST.
i LARGE LOTS IN JORDAN TRACT IN BIG
DEM AND.
PRICES $1700 TO $l£50.
A short time ago Western Addition block
No. S-5. a portion of the Jordan Tract, was
offered for tale In lot*, most of wheih are
not leas than 53:4x120. since which time 14 lots
have been sold in spite of Inclement weather.
Buildir.g restriction* which hold goed for 10
| year* will be enforced. These restrictions pro-
hibit the use of the property during this pe-
riod for stores, laundries coal yards, etc
Three-story flats are aleo barred.
These restrictions and the large lots are at-
tracting a superior class of purchasers, who
believe that a block sold in tfcls manner will
j tncreas* in value, as well as these- who xrant
' to make desirable improvements without the
! fear cf being injured by their neighbor*.
Terms ot sale are une-fifth cash, balance In
i 4 yearly payments of one-fifth each, due In I.
2. 3 and 4 years, with the privilege ot paying
faster.
The property enjoys unexcelled car facilities,
being reached by the Geary. Eddy and Sacra-
I memo ft. lines. a» well as the gutter-it, road,
which tran«fers to the Clemcnt-st. line.
The prices range- frcm $52 00 to $55 a front
I foot, which is extremely low fcr property so
! well eltuatedi. Since the property was placed
on the market 14 lots have been sold. The
streets ar« all v 0 feet wide, graded, sewered
and macademlse<d.
LYON Si HOAG.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
$15.000— HOWARD, near 6th; fine Investment:
! pays good Interest: improvements all
' tn'fine condition; well worth investigat-
ing. -
$7,C00 — Choice bargain In We«ern Addition
flats; Sacramento St.. near Cherry; well
rented; rents $750 per year. This is a
Cne chance.
$3,500— Mission home on Eureka Et., near
20th: C rocms and bath.
$1.750 — Large corner in Lakevlew; well Im-
proved and well rented; can be bought
' cheap. - -
McEKKN BROS.. US Montgomery st.
$C5'jO— NEW arUrtlc homes, built by day work.
They contain revepUoa ball, salon parlors,
beautiful dlnir.g-room in natural wood with
brick <-;»-r fireplace ; the kitchen is perfect in
spvointzrtnt. llsht and roomy; 4 bedrooms;
all sunny: large billiard-room in basement;
also laundry with cement floor; lot 2*5x101;
ea*t Une of Ctaytcn St., south of Frederick:
tranffer to Matonic-ave. cars at Haisht or
Oak *t, ride to the door. JOHN ETIER-
LEN. Owner and Builder, oa premises.
J32.--O— 2 FLATS. 11 roame, bath: let -*5xl22.
tz*n~ — Waller, nr. L>evis«dero; n rnw., bath.
S270C — Church st.. nr. 22d: 6 room*, bath.
$2&&U — Nf-w college. C rooms and bath.
H3r»<V-Ccttage, 4 rooms; lot 23x100. .
* I. <.•¦;• — Cottage, 4 rmc M nr. Folsom and 1st.
Clementina, bet. 1st and 2d;75xS0,'
Jessie St., beL 5th and Cth; 25x80.
Pine. nr. Taylor: 3 new flats. 7 r. &. b. each.
Waller, near Stanyan; UxS^.
nolores, beL 2.M and 24th; -25x117:6.
Fourteenth, near Guerrero; 25x100.
Post, near Van Nets are.: 27:6x120.
PATTERSON. Extmmer bldg., room 102.
CHEAPEST let tn the city, near cars; also
liouat-. 2 lot*. 0 rooms, storeroom, bath, con-
servatory, hieh basement, concrete floor,
ftationary tubs, large chicken - yard. 230
Lee are., near Ingleside Ccurslng Park.
C2N00— ON easy terms; cottage of S r. and b.,
on West Park cl. Just off of Mission.
Make an offer . for cottage cf 5 rooms,
targe yard, en West Park et.
D. COFFIN A CO.. 3303 Mission Bt.
$1600— COTTAGE. 3 rooms;, lot 50x100; Guer-
rero-et. cars pass ¦ the door. Mission - Realty
Co., 2 Twenty-ninth st. . ,.-. .-
MODERN 4 end 5 room cottages; terms sa mo
as paying rent. • Apply * owner. Lumber
yard. £.E. cor, Alabama and Montcalm aU.
Modern improved house. 9 rooms, porcelain
bath. barn, driveway; lot 27:6x137:8; north
aide Eddy at. Box 1023. Call office. - ¦
[ UKAL ESTATE: CITY—'VOR- SALE.
BURNHAM ft MARSH CO.,
211 Montgomery tu
i CLOSK TO MARKET AND KEARNT STS.
Grand corner. S0xl50: rents almcst 5I0OO a
month. ¦'•'¦-,
GOOD BUY ON SIXTH HT.
$SC.0CO— Not far from Market at.: lot 75xS0;
part 155 feet to rear st.; rents $190 a month,
and part of lot vacant.
' CHEAP WHOLE3ALB PROPERTY.
S50.000— Howard st., nr. 2d; 75 feet frontage;
facing 2 streets.
BARGAIN ON FOLSOM ST.
FACTORY LOCATION.
$35,000— ICO ftet frontage, nr. 3d st.
ANOTHER BARGAIN.
$20,500— Rent $145 a month.
U 8 almost new flats on Harrison St., nr. 3d;
land will soon be good business property.
MAKE OFFER.
PARK PANHANDLE FLATS.
$14.C0O— Rent $120.
Three beautiful new modern flats, finished In
natural woods; light, sunny rooms; always
rented.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE. .
$10. COO— Of 8 large, sunny rooms., attic and |
basement finished; large lot, 50x120; directly j
opposite and facing Golden Gate Park; house
alone cost $10,000 to build.
PAYS 12 PER CENT. '
$9000— Rent $90; « flats close to 6th and
Bryant sts. .
$6500— Rent ?57 50 a month. •
New and very artistic flats commanding a
fine view of Golden Gate Park.
$62r.O— Rent $50.
Pair of almost new flats on 15th it., ar.
Mission.
CHOICE RESIDENCE.
$7175 — Western Addition residence of 10 large,
sunny rconis.
CHEAP LOT.
$i7.'»0— Double let. 50x127:6, facing Golden
$2500— Rent $25; -2 flats on Steiner »t.. or.
i ' ' TO BE SOLD THIS WEEK.
JIOOO for a lot 25x100. 1- block from Market
st. and 17 minutes' ride from Kearny.
— — . .
O^FARRCLL ST.
RIGHT IN TOWN.
$2C.C00— Rent $Ii».
New 3-story building. large lot to rear street.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
?21C0— Rent $25. - ¦*'
On wide street, close to waterfront.
PAYS 12 PER CENT.
$3100— Rent $30.
On wide street, close to waterfront.
J1350— Rent $45.
Store and flats clcse to Sixth st.
BURNHAM & MARSH CO.,
211 Montgomery st.
; ."¦¦'. '..v 1 , REAL ESTATS.
B A * ' S3 A I** X i \J.
SATURDAY. APRIL P. 1904.
On the Ground, at* 2:15 p. m.
22 CHOICE 22
| 22 ,'. ; RESIDENCE 22
t 22 LOTS 22
1 Facing Bulkley and Excelsior aves.. Reade
and El Monte lane, formerly known as Hotel
Geneva, formerly El Monte Hctel.
For further particulars and catalogues ap-
i ply to
: HENRY STERN I
DAVID STERN A SONS.
Real Estate Brokers and Auctioneer.
11 Montgomery «.¦
THOMAS j. STANTON.&CO.. i
417 \$ Pine St.. rooms 2 and 3.
$60,000— A Market-st. Investment: lot 65 feet
front on Market, througn to another '.
street: building with stores on both |
fronts; the best buy on Market St.- .
$30,000 — Stockton-st- business property: 2 lots; j
larce rtore« and 3-etory hotel up.
?23,5».>O — Fourth-st. business property; Improve-
ments a* good as new; stores and Cats
up:. large front; a good Investment.
$11,230 — Be&uttful residence, just completed at '
• a cost of ?1.1.000: perfect In every de-
I tall: offered at a great sacrifice; situated j
on the comtnr Nob Hill; must be seen ,
: to be appreciated; this Is a snap.
! S1S.500 — Corner of «ix new and up-to-date flats;
just finished : rented extremely low for ;
*l!»fi2 per year: on a northeast corner, :
north of MarVet st.
$12.500 — Three grand new flats In the Western |
Addition of '•. 7 and 7 large room* and
bath, etc.: just finished and rented for
$1<V» Der month. j
[ $6,500— Three new flats of 5. 5 and 5 rooms
: and bath each: east of Jones st.
$7.750 — New 8-story building of 3 fine, sunny
• flats of 5. 5 and 5 rooms and bath each; '
i near 14th and Market sts.: big snap.
$.".2no — Two new flats In the Missiod?
S2.65O — Two flats In the Mission; a /nap.
(1^500 — Two l!-story and high basement houses
: on Powell rt.; a snatx
$i*,5T>0 — Three flats near Halght and Webster..
£5.600 — A good 2-story house of 9 rooms and
bath and large 30x123 lot, on Church St.,
near Market; a snap.
$3.700 — Two good flats: Thirteenth and Fol-
•som st--.: always rented: good Income.
$1.250 — A g~od corner fcr store or flats: & store
needed In that location: a rare chance.
• ~~ R. V. CRANSTON A EONS,
111 i MONTGOMERY ST. 11*
Call or s»nd for our April catalogue.
$7,u00 — Two handsome new Park Panhandle
flat? : rented for $720; lot 25x100; sunny
exposure.
Ij.COO — Northwest corner, facing City Park;
xmnd marine view.
$fi.!W0— FlUmnre-ftreet flats: renting for *6S.
*2,5lO— Splendid 2S-foot lot: large garden to
north: bltumlnlred street west side.
ftj.CC'j — Three fiat* on Golden Gate avenue;
renting for $55: lot 25x137:6.
$:».7u<>— A bargain; three stylish new flats
north of Market street: rented low for
?1C5O.
$ 10,500 — Ntar the Fairmont Hotel: two fine
j substantial houses; well rested.
j $;{ 750— tjr.od l««vel corner, one block from
i Paik Panhandle.
SU.500 — Four fine flats on Grove street, near
Haker: •"• and 6 rooms and baths; rents
$1470: modern: very sunny.
| \V. B- McGERRY & CO.. ~~
I2C0 Bu?5> st.. Mill* bids. Phone Bush 832.
£20.000 — •*'. Krand flats, elegant finish: 7 rooms
end bath each: situated In the most <le-
airable location in city; do3e In; rents
: $1800 p*r year. --:
$1C,OOC — Waller, near Fitlmore: 3 new flats. 5-
5-0 rooms and. bath: built flrst-clas*;
rents *1110 p«r year.
W.000 — Geary at. near, Buchanan; fine resi-
dence vf 0 rooms and bath: lot 27:«x
137:6;. a barsaln. ,
$0,150— Laruna st-: corner; 6 and 7 rooms
an«l bat'-i: lot 23 :«xS7:«: grocery store
can be put in basement at sidewalk
¦ level; very, very cheap property.
J3.0O0 — Church-st. cottage, near 23d; rents
. £30: lot S5xll7:A; a snap.
$2,700— Perry st.. near 4th; 2 flats, 4-5 rooms;
cheap: rents $2SS.
. W. B. McGERRY & CO. •
2T^>.B«sh st.. Mills bldg. Phone Bush S32.
NELSON JOHNSON & CO.. '
2C0 Montgomery st.. opp. Mills " bldg.
BARGAIN? IN REAL ESTATE.'
Foreclosure. Probate and Forced Kates of All
Kinds Will Be Found In Our
UP TO DATE BUYERS* GDIDE.
An illustrated monthly cataloguo contain-
ing a carefully selected list of cheapest proper -
tie* offered on the market In er«ry -location.
Send us vour address and we wilt mail you om
V NELSON. JOHNSON * CO..
203 Montgomery St.. opp. Mllla feldf.
MERES A CHANCE.
$5C0 will buy thW.
Pair of »unny flats.
Rentins for t:w r>*r annum.
THAT- 18. ALL YOU PAY. Th* rent covers
the Installments, unless you occupy the prop- <
erty. Write for full details. P. O. box 2U2.S.F,
CORNER FOR SALE?"" *
Northeast Harri»on and. 12th sts.; 31x100.
. with some .Improvements; jujt the jilac- for
a dairy depot, factory or livery stable: title
guaranteed: price. S75A0; If It iwilU) make of-
fer. JULIEN. SMITH, 420: Montgomery st.
CHEAPEST "dose In" proi*rty in San fran-"
cUco; unimproved lot; sixe 05x100; "f45<>.
•. Apply at 1215 Turk. »t.* owner; street work j
to be done,- later. .
TWO rretty,>»omes Just completed In the Ml»-
rir.n: 6 rooms, bath: abcut $1000 down, bil-
. ance easy. See MOISK. 320 Sanscme «t.
jOH2f S>. 0rBICm.S. rroprl«tor.
KgBsjcizmataa a 3CH5 HfliDGgi. Basra
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. The Operator WVU Cea-
n»ct You %Vlth the Department You Wlaa.
rcbUcation Oftoe Msrket J!**™^*: «C*
Edltcrial Room 217 t» 221 Sterenecn n.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Os. Per Week, 73
Ota, Per Moeth. ein«U Ccplri B C«n J.
Terma by Mail. Including Postage <Caaa wi«
Order) : -, «-
DAILY CALL finclud. Sunday). 1 T** 1 "--* 1 ?'^
DAILY CALL CnclBd. Sunday), e mos,.-. *_™
DAILY CALL— By 6ingle Month »j"j
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year ?-fl
wtekly mg£SSi3iiK^iS|S
FOREIGN J Sunday. 4.1B Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. liTeek'y! 100 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE A£2 H . O t RIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Cosies will be forwarded whea re-
quested. , .
Mall rebecrlhera In crderlsr c**** 9 *-™
<resa efcould be particular to give bO;*^*^
AND OLD ADDRESS in order te- »au« _a
prompt and correct compUanc« wtui ineir rw-
mt.
OAKLAKD omCK: M
HIS Broadway Telephone MtJ 1»*
BERKELEY OFFICE:
SltS Center Street Telephone > ortn ti
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barttm
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria HctcU A- Br *?i^ > ' lI
Wot. Square; Murray HiU Hotel; Flfth-are-
cu« Hotel and Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
«:err=an House: P. O. News C».. °_™**
Northern Hotel: Tremoct House; Attdlterium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS.-Marcrette BuildW
(Long Dlstasc* Telephone. "Central 261», )
• NEW YORK REPRESENT ATT\ r E.
ETEPHXN B. SMITH.... SO Tribune Building
NEW TOTIK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
BrsiNESS OFFICE of the Ban Francl»co
Call, corner Market and Third streets: open
tmtll 12 o'clock every night In tfc« year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1006 Market Btreet. opposite Fifth: open ontn
11 p. m. '
CT7 Montgomery rtreet. corner Clay: ©pea
until 8:30 p m.
SCO Hayes street; open until 8:30 p. m.
€39 McAllister etreet: open until 8:S0 p. m.
615 Larkin etreet; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
mi Mission street: cpen until 10 p. ra.
22C1 llarket street, corner Sixteenth; cpea
usti] 9 p. m.
If* Eieventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1C»6 Valencia street; cpen until t p. m.
Ncrtfceast corner Church and Duncan streets:
open until • p. m,
Nortfcweet comer of Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open cstll 8 p. ra.
2200 Finracre i-treet; open until 9 P. m.
KEAL EST.yTE^ITr--rOR_SALE.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S Market st.
51(5.500— Let 51xl32:7H: two well-built rcei-
<5cne«* which should be remodeled into flats;
on the north side of CalifcreU St., near Web-
ster.
;:.".¦ 'X> — Buah St.. close to Mascn; lot 2T-x
13; :6. residence in Cne condltlos; renu $65;
chould be remodeled into flats.
$li.VX> — Three handsome new modern flat* i
on Devifadero et. ; rented lew fcr $1290.
;»x» — A beautiful sunny home; 9 rooms, j
taih and attic: barn, fruit trees, lawn, etc.;
near 25tl» and Market sts. ; lot 75x115.
J>T*^>— Handsome residence cn north side of !
Jackson rt., near Webster: 8 rooms and bath: ;
lsundry, k:sh basement, etc. ; in excellent
cocditicn.
fCOPO — BeautiTul irodern residence. 8 rooms '
end bath; oa Clay st.. near Deviiadero: prop-
erty in th* very best possible condition ; larse
let. 2Sxl27:S»4-
»¦•;*¦.¦-¦ — Tiro-Mw modern Cats near ISth and
Pctrero ave. ; rert* lew. }M :>. lot 31:8x100.
$42".'> — Comer cn Devisadero. near Union;
I>4 :6x53:7; tnagr.iSoent marine view.
$3400 — New cottage: high basement: Eani-
tarj- nlurr.bir.z. etc.; cn tth ave.. near K rt.;
lot 50s.:00.
$.^5'» — New modern ur-to-cate residence. «t
moms and bath: gas: cl*ctrtc fixtures; high
t**'-::«r; etc.; on I7tb «.
fjiXt^-Thr^e well-huiit Cats In Al condition
em Gilbert et.. r.»ar Bryant; always rented for
5380.
*2.V¥» — Two »ell-h*j(!t flatf cn Welsh f>t.,
r.»ar 4'h; lot 25x«P: rer.ts $3CO.
SPECIAL BARGAIN'S.
GOOD LOTS AT EXTREMELY LOW TRICES
*2»M*«n — NE. cor. Broadway and Lagusa St.;
5Orl3T:«.
HIW 1 — NW. ccr. Buchanan and Page «ts.:
es.PxicT.c.
*12a«« — Pacific ave.. near Pierce st. : 37:6x
10«.
?1O.O«1O— Oak at., fating the Tark Panhan-
dJe; Kl -.101.107:6.
fwyv*— fe. ccr. Oak st. and Central ave.:
4?:r.\1lrt.
»Tvm — Bro«d«ay. rear Devisadero et. : 42x
1S7:7^,.
»:.-•-.. — pn. cr>r. Have? eni Broderick sts.
S.V»no — FiJlmcre St.. rear Lombard: «"rf>iiio.
?475O — 45rlOfl. cn <.1a>tin st.. near Waller.
«4:nrv_n-:?h f*.; S7:6xl37:f!: near Baker.
*a«*)0 — r>«'i5a<:»ro st.. between Jackscn and
ra~in>: 2Tixiift
*Si'-i — Roloher »t.. near JSth: 4Cxl25.
?nirw> — Farlrrs: Ontten Gate Park, esr: cf
Staryan rt. : 2Dxin«5:R.
Jtannrt — ValJeJo »t.. near naker; 44:2xlS7:«.
«27V» — 4^x106. «n Tremnrt ave.. near Waller.
J225O— SW. car. Buchanan aad Lombard:
2Oxllft. J
»2100 — Waller st.. near Mastmtc ave.: 25x
WO.
f M. WOOSTER CO.. «4S Market gt.
~ r B. Sl'RRYUNn. ~~~~
REAL ESTATE AGEVT.
1CS MONTGOMEKT ST.
Get one cf my nscMhly calalorues.
SIS.TAn — Rccts f ;:.*' rer month: near Howard
anJ 14th:. r> substantial modem Cats cf 4 and
5 nwi» ard bcth each: iarr- lot: a bargain.
*13.c«>r> — R«nts $ir« 50 uer m^nth; Grove et..
fCot far ?r"m t'jrv Hell: gilt edte proTx»siticn.
SIf..«"/A_yast b* ttUl ar ofTer. will be es-
lertaiDe4: llayrs rt.. near Buchacen: 2 band-
•eirie — jr*tantUl flats. R roomii and bath each,
mrd «loi;hl» hcuse in the rear. 6 room* and
hath' ea<*: t»t*! r»pt*l S119 t>er Tsonth: lot
US-^xl^O thr»«i|th to Linden eve.
- J330C — I»e\t«aaero at., near Geary: cottage
4 mcics: lot 25='*- «h«uld be further Improved
mtth rtor*-: f!ne rrc*t>*ctiv» Dtece.
$2:ifA— Ucnti *SS per mcr.th: near Fclsom
end BOOK 3 flat*.
522JO —^2Ith ft., rear Brvant; now builsess
Ii-or»rty: ccttsg* 5 rooms axd bath.
S75V*— Ncrlhwert comer cm Bush »t. : hand-
•orre i-v.nr-r mod»m rr«4d«tic». .« rooms and
t<ath; lot 2' --;¦¦'. monrage cf 14500 can remain
U desired; must be sold.
(37S0 — Rents £%: ciotw to Valencia and ISth;
i -u" store with flr.t «d<m>.
$J9CX>— Larkin »t.. r.f-er FaciBc: cottare S
romns aj»d baih and «tab>; lot 27:BxS7:6.
t5^<i~Re<lucrd from $70"X»; Valleio et.. close
to Vejt Nes» »ve. : substantial rrsideace 11
rooms and bath: let 22:10x137:6: mast be
¦cJd: »n «Ter will lie entertained.
S«7OO — Rents ?*2; Guerrero st. : 3 handsome
irr.d4-m flats 5 acd 6 rooms and bath each;
lot 2fixlO0.
f.vyv. — Redur*d te this price t»» make an lo;-
rr^diate eale: H<^ward «.. near 22ad; 10 rooms
and bath: lnt 27:3x122:3; mortgage of I.;.".:*. 1
«~an regain if deiired; can be sold cn teay
51400 LOTS.
<;i"*e to Haljbt srd Baker ctt.; front,
ing Bveca v:»*a eve.. Waller aud Devisadero
•t«.: no prettier UAs nft»red in the city, and
•fily t»t»ntr mtnntes frcm Ke*rnr «.: streets
elt in Co» cor.diacn: «>ary terns If desired.
» GETZ Hcom 22 Chroclcre B3dx.
Owner and Dealer.
New Lets. ¦ New Lota.
4*lh ave.. east Une. faring the ocean
« Between K and L its.
Graded and ferced; teadr to bnlld on.
On Eaty Monthly Paymesta.
. C*e tfctn at once. Choice and cheap.
f «0 to «*00— Oc*an tlelghu a»d Boulevard tots.
$300 to $500 — Graded Wth-eve. Boulevard Icta.
JS50 to JIOOO— Choice Cncset A Richmond lota.
175 to J 100— Level Ocean View lota; city water.
UIO up — New Excelsior Homestead lots.
The Onest in the district; city water.
flOOO to tseoa— Modern bomM and cottages.
Splendid Bargains on Easy Terms. .
Call st my office, room 23, eeeond Coor.
Chrentcle Pulldlng.
ja'ILO on j-our unhrproved realty: we loan
full cost Impror. and part lot at •> p«r cent.
MANHATTATC IjOAN <X).. Crocker buildiB*.
REAL ESTATE~CIT Y— -FOR SAHfi.
EASTON,, ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market st.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY. APRIL 12, l»04.
. At our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon.
POLK-ST. FLATS. ;
Nos. 24O4-24O4H Polk St.. north of Union,
two beautiful flats containing 6 rooms and
porcelain : bath each, and storeroom below;
built only 18 months; modern. in every respect;
rent $70 per month : mortgage $2000.
,-' ; PACIFIC-AVE." RESIDENCE, .v ,. :
No. 2027 Paclflc ave.. east of Laguna St.;
improvements , consist of- a beautiful residence
of 7 rooms and , bath ; very pretty garden in
i<J2 _ rear « unsurpassed marine view; lot ZZx
MONTGOMERY-AYE. INVESTMENT. -
Easterly line or Montgomery ave.-, S3:7U
inches north of Vallejo St.. No. j 410-422: lot
Irregular in size, having 'a frontage on Mont-
gomery ave. of 61 feet; present Improvements
nominal, renting for *90 per month. .
BRODERICK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
Easterly line of Broderick st.. 33:6'south of
Grove st.; Jot 26x110; this lot Is level and
ready for building, and is ' situated in a de-
sirable neighborhood In close proximity to the
Park Panhandle.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos.. 14-141* Rltch st. ami 3-3^ Elizabeth
st.. between Third and Fourth, off Folsom St.:
improvements consist of six' tenement flats of
3 rooma each : permanently rented for $708 per j
annum;. these flats are occupied by first class
tenants; rent payable strictly In advance.
MISSION BUILDING LOTS.
Easterly line or Alabama St.. 104 feet north
of Twenty-third: lot 2Gxl00; level and ready!
for building; this property has an assured
future. ¦
CLARA-ST. INVESTMENT.
Southerly line of Clara St.. 3WI feet west of
Fourth; lot 25x75: Ncs. 137-157 v^; -improve-
ments two coiy flat? of 6 rooms each; new
modern plumbing; patent flush toilets; rents
333 per annum. .
UNION-ST. ' BUILDING LOTS. ,-v
Southerly line cf Union St., 37:6 west of
Laguna: two well situated lots. 25x100 feet
each; this portion tt Union st. is a business
block: stores and flats erected on this prop-
erty would br£n«t in a handsome revenue.
nOLORES-ST. INVESTMENT.
East line of ) Dolores st.. 70" feet north of
Seventeenth; Nos. SS<J-300; lot 64xl0O; improve-
ments consist of three flats of 4-5-6 rooms and
one double <.-rstt»e«» c>ntaln1nr 4-5 rooms: pres-
ent rents very low at $C0 50 per month; this
property will be sold tn clos* an estate.
SACRAMENTO-ST. RESIDENCE.
No. 3O1D Sacrarhento *t.. east of Baker: lot
27:«5rl32:»3: improvements a handsome two-,
sicry tesldtnce containing 0 rooms and bath:
plumbing In first cl«ss condition; mortgage of
?c500. Hlbtmia Bank.
Fcr further particulars apply.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
038 MARKET ST.
$r:o,ooo_Montrpmery-st. • comer, 40x136:6,
n/ar California st.
$55.000— Important corner: Jackson st., not
far from Jon«s; 5.1x137:6; 0 elegant new flats
of S-S-0 rooms and bath: modern In every re-
spect: renting for $47« per month.
$50,000 — Bush St., near Powell; 4-story frame
and basement rooming-house containing 66
rocms; rentins: for $3CO per month; mortgage
$25,000. .
$36.r,CO— Eddy ft., east of Van Ness ave.:
rents $215 per month: improvement*. 4 swell
houses of 12 rooms -ach; lot 68:9x^137:8: mort-
gage of $25,000 at O7i per cent, Hibemla Bank,
can remain.
$31.000— Stockton et.. near Vallejo: rents $lf»
per month: Improvement, substantial 4-etory
building. .modern: lot 40 foot frontage.
?25.OCC — Powell St.. near Bush; 44 foot
frontage: 4 elegant flats of 7-7-8-8 rooms,
' renting for $165 per month.
$21,000— Northeast corner: best portion cf the
Western Addition; 3 elegant new flats. 7-8-8
rooms. flnl«hed attic, etc.; rent $160 per month;
mortgage $10,000.
" $10.500— Rents $150 per mcnlh: six brand
new flats of 5-6-6 rooms: rermanently rented;
near Park Panhandle.
i S1R.OO0 — Jackson st., near Buchanan: i5 foot
frontage- old Improvements thereon: rents $<5
per month: owner will sell 50 feet for $12,000.
$15.000— Gough St., near Golden Gate ave ;
50x100: 2 residences. 7 rooms and bath each;
rents $1200 per annum: could be further Im-
proved for little money: mortgage ».V>00.
$12.000— East line of Hvde St.. near Sutter;
2 very Cne flats. t»-S rooms. iKircelaln bath,
fln>t-cla5F plumbing: rents very low at $70
$!>75O— Hayes *t.. near Buchanan: •> modern
flats of 4-5-6 rooms and bath each; rent $<3
per month. . ¦ iWM
alone worth the money; mortgage of $»000 can
$.'«00 — Guerrero st.. near l«th; lot 33 root
frontage; improvements consfst of a verv fin«
j 2-stoTy residence of S rooms and bath', lot
""jiloJv-A cheap lot on the north line of Fell
pt. eai-t of Cole «t.. facing the Park Panhandle;
"''$2000-^Ccttage on 17th st.; 5 rooms and bath;
renting for $15 per month; in flrst-class condl-
I" 0 " EAST °*- ELDRIP £ E M frk C e%.
VON nilEIN REAL f^^SSS^fn.
'!> VAX NESS AVENUE CORNER
1 r*x!25: a corner In the most desirable por-
tion of Van Ness avenue.; In one or two lots.
' NEW BRODERICK-ST FLATS.
I $0750— 30x103: Brodrrlck st.. near Green: 2
j splendidly constructed new flats; marine view,
renting for $75 per month.
CORNER STOCKTON AND UNION STS
$1S,000— Stores and Cats, renting for $15>>6
per annum. k " »
DEV1SADERO-ST. FLATS.
S12,GC0-|g5*$6ill* Devlsadero St.. near Turk;
3 new flats, renting for $100 per month.
COR. ELEVENTH AVE. AND LAKE ST.
*750O— 72x107 :6U NE. cor. 11th ave. and
Lake st.. coming fashionable section of city.
VALLEJO-ST. CORNER.
$7500— NW. cor. of Vallejo and Pollard; im-
provemtnts consist cf flats renting for $KS per
month.
BOARDMAN-PLACE INVESTMENT.
$H7:,o_Bo ar dman olace, near Bryant et.;
Improvements consist of 3 flats and stable;
I renting fcr $42 per month.
PINE-ST INVESTMENTS.
S.VHXV— 2.Vcr.!7:'j to rear street: Pine St.. near
•Webster; front and rear housis.
MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
S450O — Laguna st.. near Union; 2 modern
bay-window flats: rents $34. •
VMON-ST. HOME.
$4500— 25xlC0: Union St., near Fillmore: an
up-to-date house df 6 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern conveniences.
OCTAVIA-ST HOME.
| $550<v— 23x124:7; Octavia St.. near Vallejo;
well-constructrd house of 7 rooms and bath;
cheapest buy In this vicinity.
CALIFORNIA -ST. COTTAGE.
$.%C00— 25x137:6; California St.. near Buchan-
an: Improvements consist of cottage of 8 rooms
and bath. •
CI1F.AP ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOT.
$1650 — 25x137 :«; an unsurrassetl line of lota
! on either Clayton or Carl sts. : only a few
| more left In this block; cars pass property.
I ¦ •
! . ¦ ~~~~~ - ¦
! HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
Incomparable "Oceanslde Dlst." Lots! »
$500 to $1200! Easy Terms!
Your Choice In New Blocks. On Official Grade. ,
On. H st.. Fronting the Park.
Unobstructed Vic%v of Park and Ocean.
: Has Poaltlvfly the" Best Future in This City
For Home Sites or Speculation.
1 Over 300 Lots Sold In a Few Months.
Many Physicians Among Our Purchaser*.
Whs Rtcommend District . for "Climatic
Reasons."
i Best of Evidence From Hundreds of Owners
Residing There.
All Bargains! See Them To-day!:
Get Oft Cars Corner , H ; st, :• and 47th ave.
Oceanside Branch Offices. Corner H st. and
Forty-seventh ave. end \ Corner K s't,
and KcTty-jjlnth ave. Open
• . Sundays and Holidayi. .
! $75 to $250— Near Park. Ocean and Sprockets
r ¦ Lake/-- •
Superb Viewl . $5 Monthly.
1 $150 to $450— Level Excelsior Homestead Lots.
" $5 Monthly.
$1200 to $35(16— Modern Cottages In Sunset, '
Oceanside, Richmond . and Excelsior Home-
stead. Easy Terms! . :
: Sunset Branch Office, on 8th ave., , near H at. \
• SOL GETZ & SON Owners and Dealers," :
Room Ci <4th floor). Chronicle building.
ELEGANT -; residence. " 2427 - Green st., ,- near '
Scott; srand marine r vlew; 10 rooms; en-
trances on two streets.* -.¦' ¦vjtfCjp'jjmHaiet^wig
¦'•-¦ Lobos ¦ st.',- Ocean -View. 4-reom cottage; lot
25x125; $900. • $100 cash balance $9 60 per
rocnth. ; W. N. RUSSELL. . 301 California » i^.;
S*n Franclsoo, CaL v : -* :.':"¦ "', 'i ' : -
UUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY."
.INSTALLMENT.' HOMES. 612 CaUaghan bid..
..will, build on your pruporty or buy -you a lot;
$8 =. month wy« urintlpal and inttresl on
each $10UO or balance due. 'making your in-
I stallments • les* ' than i rent; send . for circular.'
COTTAGE.' 5 rooms, 1 bath,' * big-. 1 baicment ,ahd
'.small chicken house; lot 25x127; in funny-
side; will be *ojd for $1275 spot cash; bar-
,i gain. 'Box U075; Call. ;',
MODERN cottage- ¦ lisunny 5 rooms and bath;
cbaap for carh. ' 214 Hoffman ave. "
REAL : ESTATE-^-CITY--FOIt SALE.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.. '
. 218-220 MONTGOMEBT ST.
' 'FIRST AVE.
Price reduced to make quick sale.
$10,000— McAllister st.: 3 new flats; ¦ pay 10
per cent: 6 rooms and bath each; lot
25x100 feet.
$45,000— O'Farrell^st. corner; near town; 3
frontages; Improvements. 3-story frame;
- rents $160 per month.
$6.500— Sixteenth St., corner of Church; fine.
level buUdlrut lot 75 feet front.
$11,000— Jackson-rt. residence of U rooms and
bath: modern In every way: lot 2»x
127-.SV; feet.
$6,750— Rents' ?738 per annum; 2 new fla.s:
Frederick st.; 5-0 rooms and bath; lot
.25x137:6 feet: bargain.
NEAR FA1RM0UNT HOTEL.'
$7.500— Sacramento st., near Mascn. opposite
the Flood residence; rraml lot to im-
prove; would pay hands'ire return.
ELLIS ST.. NEAP. POLK.
$15,000— Ellis St.. north side, e»« of Van Ness
ave.; fine lot, 27:6x120 feet to rear St.:
2-story residence and rear house.
$21,250— Jackssn-st. corner. Presidio Heights^
elegant modern residence of 11 rooms, -i
baths: first floor, libra ry. double parlors |
dinlng-ruorn. beamed ceiling, paneled j
oak, hardwood floors, etc ; 4 bedrooms j
and 2- b«drooms In attic; lot 3. :6xl..i :fcu j
feet: erand marine view. i
$5,750— Clay ft., near Webster; residence of 9 !
• rocms and bath; let 25x102:4^ feet: lot
is situate on a corner of a public alley; |
light and sun on three sid«*. j
$17,500— Van Nes3 av«., near Vallejo St.; b?au- ,
tltul modern residence: every conven- |
lence; flist floor, large reception hall.,
living room, dining-room. 1" oak. but- '
ler's pantry, kitchen, etc.: 4 bedrooms, j
2 baths; attic has 3 bedrooms; lot 4U
feet front: permit at office. >
$3,200 each— Filbert »t.. near Scott: magnifl- i
cent mf-rine view: lots 27:6sl3i:6 fett
each, and corner 55x137 :C ftet. •
j7, coo— Jackson, near Central ave.; grand key
- lot. 50x127:8^^661: ready to buud on.
$10,500— Hyde et.. near Sutter; fine resldenc*
of: 10 rooms and fcath; renUs for '$5o a
• month. ,
$16,000— Franklin St.. near Pacific ave.: new
2-story residence, about one year old:
large drawing-rooms, reception hall,
hardwood floors and tiled grates; Span-,
Isn cedar waineceting, beamed celling. ¦
butler's pontry. kitchen. *tc; 4 bed-:
rooms. Urge closet, bath. etc. : beautl- j
fully flnlxned; 2 sen-ants' rooms; base-;
ment contains laundry, storeroom, etc. ; j
lot 27:6x92 ft.: full particulars at office, j
18,000— Webster St.. near Clay; fine residence; |
9 rocms and bath: large basement: now:
.renting for $50: key let. 25:««,ixl0u feet; j
will ?ell on easy terms; fulj particulars
at office.
$15,500— Rents ?141 50 a month: 3 new flats,
7-S-8 rooms and bath: Sacramento St.,
near Fillmore; lot 25:0xl32:8U feet; new
flats..
$5,230— Natoma St.. near Ninth; 4 flats: rents ;
$50; this property is in excellent condl- ,
tlon: all good, prompt paying tenants;
no repairs necessary; no danger of va-
cancies: a good, safe buy; lot 25x75 feet.
$17,000— S*cond-st. corner, near Harrison; .Ox
»5 feet: fine site for factory or ware-
house purposes.
$10,000— PRICE REDUCED.
Van Ness ave.. east line b-twecn Pacifle
et. and Broadway: srar, key lot for
apartmsnt house; 45:10x131:6 feet. ;
$32,500— PRICE REDUCED.
Northeast corner Devlsadero and Grove j
sts.; 137:«xl37:6: business property;
should be Improved with stores and flats;
present rents $35.
Get a copy of our printed list of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
Renl Estate Agents,
21S-22O Montgomery st.
UNITED BANK AND TRUST COMPANY.
(Real Estate Department), j
236 Bucb st.. Mills building.
SNAP— CLOSE TO BUSINESS CENTER-
$27,000 — Consisting of flats close In, this j
side of Larkln st.; all In the best ot condi-'i
t'on; larxe lot: renting now for $325 per
month.
POST- ST. BARGAIN.
-*18,5C0— Large lot, 62:6x125 to rear street;
cluse In: oa sunny side of Post *L, . near La-
guna; improvernents consist of 3 two-story
houses of a room* and bath, with high base-
ments on Post st.' and two houses, 0 and 6
rooms and bath each, on r*ar street: all of
these building* are in perfect condition and
bring In a total rent of $1MX» per annum: the
houses on Post St. could easily be turned Into
modern flats at small expense and would pay
very well; this is a chance to get an extra
large lot this close In that Is now paying guod
Inlertst. ;
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$5750 — Two- story house or 7 rooms and
bath, with large basement; In excellent loca-
tion: ' everything In splendid condition; vicin-
ity Octavia and Green sts. I
MISSION HOME.
$3500 — Two-story residence of S rooms' and j
bath; clcse to 20th and Mission sts.; this is
a nice home and Is In first-class condition. j
COTTAGE WESTERN ADDITION. !
$40<>o — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath; j
basement; in good location; hardwood finish; J
targe lot. -
GEARY-ST. RESIDENCE.
$10,000 — Two-story house of lo rooms and.
bath, with larse garden, close to Flllrnore st.
CHEAP COTTAGE— MISSION.
$2000— -4-room and bath cottage, with higu
tareinent; cars pass the property; large lot; la i
very best or condition. j
SOUTH OF MARKET BUY. *
$5500 — Three rood up-to-date flats of 5-6-fi {
rooms and bath each: very good location; j
rented low for ?50 per month. t
For further particulars regarding any of
the above inquire at
UNITED BANK AND TRUST COMPANY.
Mills buildinx.
Entrance, 23G Bush st.
HAWKS * SKELTON. "
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$20,000^ — I-arkin st.. near Chestnut: modern
artistic house of 0 rooms, 2 bathrooms.!
and bllllard-roora; hardwood floors, nat-
ural wood finish: furnace; grand view*
from every window; dlnins-room looks'
out on the Golden Gate: one block from
Hyde-st. csrs: lot 27x137.
$7,200— Marine view lot: Hyde st., near Chest-
nut: 36:8x110; very fine view assured;
new bulldlnc each side of it; cn Hyde-
st.' car line.
$5,000 — Let southwest corner Larkln and Lom-
bard sts.: 25x105; - fine marine view
from every window; choice location for
home pr Cats.
$12,000—3 new flats, near Halgbt and Ashbury
sts.; modern every way; 6-7-7 rooms;
will rent for ?100 or better readily. i
HAWKS . & SKELTON, .323 Montgomery st. I
$10,000— STORES and flats on Eighth sf.;
rents $72: 50 feet frontase.
$<J,50f — Store and 2 flats cn Mission st. : rents
.-¦ MS* -• ¦ -:¦. i
$CCOC— Store and flat in Mission; rents $17 50- '
•-• lot 24x:g. ;
$3,250 — Store and flat; Church St.; rents
$32 50; let 25x1 00. .
$23.000— Four flats, ' with fine view of paric':
rooms all sunny; rents $220; lot 35xlS.~>.
$7,500 — Ellis et., nsar Laguna: 2 new fiat--.
¦with room for more; lot 25:9x120. to
rear street. . -
$?,5C0— 3 • flats on Church st.? rents $72 50;
all sunny room*; ?ncd location.
$2,CC0-^-Two flats, near 2T.th and Sanchez it.- •
rents $30; lot 2»:Bxll4i
Properties from $1500 to $2Oii.nco In all parts
of the city. ' Ranches of- all, sizes. • Oakland.
AU<meda and Berkeley property for sale and
exchanre. - , . -
-rEITEL & CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
$1000 — Cheapest half block In the city. 200*
. • .24(1, in University Mound survey; suitable
j for nursery or chicken ranch; spring 1 on
ground. -
$300— Lots 2T>xllO, level and ready to build on.
in College Homestead; a few steps from
Mission electr.'c cars.
$2000— Lots 25x130 each, on Nine teen th-ave.
boulevard, connecting the park with In-
gleslde and Ocean" House read. •
$50O— Seven lots. 25x120. in Market-st. exten-
sion and near Oceanside boulevard.
P.; J. KENNEDY. 11 Montgomery st.
SAN MATEO. -' - a " , BURLINGAMK.
-Best suburban homes near Ban Francisco: no
ferry: el:ctrlc rai'.road now running; lots and
residence* for aale: i we can sell irood lot? as
low a« $500 each; we will, be glad to show
them ; we alao have ;' sotn« acrzagg land near
by'a«!ow a« $10O to S200 per. acre.
, McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 Montgomery St.. San Francls-co. ' ' . .
P.esldent axent. ¦» S. G. . GOODHUE. Western
Union Telegraph bulldinz.: San Mateo. i
~ $5 PER MONTH. \ . ;
Investigate t he City, of Richmond; where the
Standard » Oil Company. Santa F« Rallroail
Company.- Southern, Paclflc 'Railroad Company
and - numerous ' manufacturing plants are at
work. -Lots sure*, to Increase In value. . \n
level. Map»- free. - ,...-.. - . .
" RICHMOND. LAND COMPANY
:"-.: . )- * . :r Crocker building. S. F.
*J.25'PEn WEEK, no inUresl. Lots In the
. Excelsior 'Homestead. Tract;; all level: na
grading ¦ to do; ready to build your little home
" on; close, to electric :c«rs and school. ¦
. AV. J.VWHITE,-
, 23.Montrcmery/st.,room 5. . :THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; SUNDAY,/, APRIL 3, 1904.
43
FKUITVALE "ApV'RT'S'M'NTS
HBAL ESTATE. .
SNETSINGER ft MATTESON,;
1214 FRUITVALB AVE, FRUITVALE. CAU
$1500 — *-room cottage; $200 -down, $15 per
month; ' 5 minutes' walk from station,
' -near school; high: basement, -porcelain
bath. 1 pantry, laundry; bargains like this
go immediately. -
$2400— 5-room house, With additional unfinished
room upstairs; lot 75x175; fine location,
- near cars and school; windmill, tank,
chicken houae* and yards, fruit, flowers,
lawn; small amount: down, balance on
mortgage.
$1900 — 8-room house: corner lot, 40x110; near
car line; more ground If necessary at rea-
sonable price; terms to suit. ¦
$1780— 5-room cottage: lot 50x150; on car line;
¦ : good residence location: thi* place must
be sold and right party can have terms
to suit.
$1000— 4-room cottage; lot 80x110; high base-
ment, .well, chicken-houses, fruit trees,
. flowers! He; small amount down, • balance
on mortgage.
$800— House of 2 rooms; lot 100x150; chicken-
houses; 2 block* from car line; $500 can
remain on flat mortgage.
$1700— New 4-room cottage: lot 30x125. wltlx
privilege of more ground; high basement,
, porcelain bath, convenient pantry, elec-
tric light; near- school, station and elec-
tric cara; $200 down.
J36C0 — 9-room house, can be divided into flats; j
lot 90x135: nice location; ¦• fruit trees,
lawn, flowers; chicken-houses • and yards.
$1900 — New 4-room cottaee: lot 35x110; mow
ground If required; bath, pantry, laundry, -i
gas, etc.; easy terms.
We build .for our customers when we have i
nothing to suit. « ,
.We will draw the plans for you gratis.". • ''¦u' : -
We will negotiate a loan for you free of
charge. .-.-.-. •
We guarantee satisfaction.
Ask to see come of the houses we have con-
structed. -
SNKTSINGER & MATTESON.
1214 FRUITVALE AVE, FRUITVALE, CAL.
CHAS. F. LEE, Phone Vale 206.
Office; half block from Frultvale station.
$250 cash — Neat little 3-room cottage; fine
level lot: clos# to good school and street cars;
Iot,50xl00; price, all told,. $700. "•
$300 cash — 6-room : 2-etory house, j large
born, chicken-houses; fine well of good water;
property surrounded by rood fence; close to
local train,- school and cars; lot 100x127;
price, all told, $1350.
$400 cash — Modern 5-room . and bath cot-
'. tage. large pantry,' high . basement, ,. sanitary
waslitubH; double chimney: short distance .to
local train, cars and school; chicken-house;
\ steel enamel bath tub: property nicely
fenced: lot- 40x115; a bargain at $1000;
monthly payments $16 65. ;
$75 lots, in the beautiful Rosa Lee tract;:
fine soil; grand view; new homes .rapidly
going up; no cold winds or wet fogs, arid lots
only $75. each; $5 down, balance $2 50 per
month. •
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 FTuitvale ave.
" '' SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DATS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK
; The terminus of 5«c*m fare.' Hay wards cars;,
streets graded and graveled: stone sidewalks;
depot en tract; lots from $50 to C200; $20 cash
and balance. $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train; b<«t located property on San Leandr>}
road- praded school on tract. Apply to S. a.
AUSTIN 1101 Tw»rity-thlrd ave.. O-'rland.
SATHER '-— i ! TRACT
FRUITVALE STATION.
20 HOMES IN COURSE OF CONSTRUC-
TION: MANY MORE TO BE ERECTED
WHEN WEATHER PERMITS. SEE L. L.
M. SALSBURY, EXCLUSIVE AGENT, "IN
NEW OFFICE." FRUITVALE AVE.. NEAH
ltTH ST. AND P. O.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO.. INC..
1172 BROADWAY. COR. 14TH ST.
REAL ESTATE.
\i INSURANCE.
.... ¦ -— • . • ¦
TEL. MAIN 35.
Here is a nice 6-room story and a half
house, on EiRhth St., near Jackson; this place
U convenient to street cars and also near the
Oak-st. station of the broad gauge train to
the city; let us show this to you.
$:S5U0.
¦ Here is a fine home, near 'iOth and BroHd-
¦way. half a block to car line and In fine,
neighborhood; it contains' 7 rooms and bath
and is new and modern; very easy terms can
b» made.
C-%V¥).
Nice 7-room house on 11th St., near Madison;
la rented at present for $25 per month; this
is on a south .frontage lot and would make
good home or, investment; see us about it.
J42oO.
Fine 7-room house In East Oakland, near
Lake Merritt; pew and modern, well built and
convenient; near all car lines and trains; easy
terms and small cash payment. ;
Here Is one of the finest homes. In the city:
new and modern; containing 8 rooms and
fronting on one of the fine residence streets
In Oakland: everything well built and the finish [
U the finest; term* can be arranged to suit
MEMBERS OAKLAND REAL ESTATE AS-
SOCIATION.
''-.*- _',"• \-\~, • ¦ •_,•:. ¦ _.
WOODWARD.. -WATSON & CO..
1172 BROADWAY, COR. 14TH ST.
A. J. . PNYDER. V-
REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER.
407 Ninth st.. Oakland. Cal.
S45PO — ?«W> $45CO !
Splendid lot. suitable for flats, or residence; i
grand view, overlooking the lake; will be oppo- ¦
sit* the park which will 'lay between Sth and 1
12th sts.; lot 75x100; see thla at once.*
$i2.nco — — ¦ $12.000 $12,000 j
night In town: all the developments are In
this Immediate n*I:hborhood: lot 50x75; pr«-s- ;
cnt income $7.1 per, month: if you are looking
for an investment, sec this at once. .
$\20O ¦ — ¦ — — - ?'2C0 ~ — 512CO
> Lot. 38x100. south side Sycamore St.. bctwttn'
Grove and Telegraph ave. : gcod purchase for !
a speculator... j
I H WE SOME LOTS LEFT IN THE !
COLEMAN PROPERTY. 31ST, GROVE. 30TH I
STREETS, $1140 UP TO $ieflO.-THIS IS THE '
BFPT UNIMPROVED , PROPERTY LEFT IN
thAt beautiful /district, buy at
once. as this will soon be gone.
lots in the key route ferry dis- '
trict from $400 upward.
A J. SNTUKR. ' i
*REAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER,
4«7 Ninth at., Oakland, Cal.
FRANK P.. LEE. ,
Oil BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$47,"O— Hullt for a home; almost new; colonial,.
7 .rooms,': cemented:' basement;: sunny I side 1
street/ near 27th st. and Tslegraph ave. -<,
J2C50 <Jood fl-ioom cottage, /close In; sunny
• side;,er.st of - Grove . st. ¦-
Jicro — Two-story house,- 6 nice rtoms, on 44th"
st. : lot 50x100. .-
$2200 — New modern ' cottage, .5 "'rooms, near
¦ Piedmont ave., 'facing south; 37ftfxll7.
•1750 New cottage, 5 ' rooms ; all conveniences ;
good basement; lot 30x120;' near Piedmont
ave. and Key route 'station. . ;
1 :- INVESTMENT.--; 1 -": * '-¦ .- r-
»3«0<>2_Two flats, 7 rooms and bath each; built
•4 3 years ago;, ga« and electricity; between j
TtlPgraph ave.- and Grove st. ;.": close '• to {
bueiness center and. local -trains; steady
tenants at $648 per year: pays 12 per cent; !
investigate;. must act. quick, to get' this.' , ]
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS IN ALL PARTS
OF THE CITY. -^
FRANK P. LEE, • '"¦ r
-811 v BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
S4'»SO— SNAPl'wotth $«0OO;'8 rooms and. bath;
• Tot 37:6x150-2 blocks to local; heart'of city;
terms * to suit. - . >.VVM. P.- TODD. -
$4000— Mortgage price; 2-story, S-room houss;
lot 40x140; terms to suit; near local: • ¦
_:,-¦ rWM. P. TODD, 1070 Broadway.
' ; ' :'- ;¦¦¦•¦¦•• / rr ~. ; ; "'" '^ •¦¦•¦' . '
BEKKELEY ADVEET^iTNTS
J BERKELEY ; REAL EgTATE.
A BARGAIN.-
$5500— Worth $10,000; , bank loaned I $5000 on
this property; must be: sold; 8 beautiful
large rooms; good as new; 06-foot street;-
3- blocks to both trains; lot 125x143;
large barn; fruit trees; prettiest- garden J
• In Berkeley; street work all done. ;|
$7500 — New 7-room house,- with all modern im-
provements; fine barn; I running . water to
house and barn: fruit. trees; lota of oak
¦ sbaJe ' trees; only 30 minutes ¦ to Berke-
' ley; 20 acres fenced and crosafenced.
$3150— New 7-room home: fiescoed walls; fins
mantels; one block to cars; $500 cash.
i balance $25 per month. ;•
$2300 — Nearly new 4-room . cottage and bath;
all furnished.' Including new piano; lot
50x135 ; fruit trees and beautiful flower
garden; chicken house; pigeon house; \±
- block to train; owner East.
$1000— Fine 4-room cottajt* and bath; lot 40x
100; 3 blocks to train; $200 cash, balance
!' .$15 t>er month, including Interest. : .-
$1400 — 5-room cottage: lot 50x150; street work
f all done; \Vt blocks from San Pablo ava.;
$400 cash, balance $12 per month. •
I $700— 4-room cottaze; lot 40x132:6; 2 blocks
to cars; owner going East.
J $2500 — Fine corner store and one 4-room and
one 5-rooin flat; large lot; 1 block from
main station.
$2500— New 4-room cottage and 2% acres of
land; barn; good' well; 4 : miles from
Berkeley. -
52300— Cost owner ?2650: see It; only $200
cash, balance ?20 per month; 3 blocks to
both trains; fruit trees. berry vines,
lawn, all In fine, shape; owner going
East; 7£0 50th st.. South Berkeley.
$2500— J200 cash, balance $20 per month; 5
beautiful rooms; street work all done;
2 blocks, to trains.
W. C. MORAN, .South Berkeley.'
\ ARE YOU THINKING OF BUYING IN
BERKELEY OR VICINITY?
I CORDIALLY INVITE YOU TO EX-
AMINE MY PROPERTY. •
THE MOST EXTENSIVE LIST OF DE-
SIRABLE HOMES AND LOTS FOR EITHER
CASH OR INSTALLMENTS IN ALL THIS
SECTION.
A NUMBER OF VERY DESIRABLE
PROPOSITIONS.
OPEN SUNDAYS.
H. D. IRWIN, lX>nlS STA.. BERKELEY.
74 FEET FRONTAGE.
CHEAPEST DESIRABLE HOME SITE
NE\U UNIVERSITY: IRREGULAR DEPTH;
UNEXCELLED VIEW.
BANK VALUATION $37 50 TO $40 PER FT.
SELLING PRICE $32 50 PER FOOT.
Address owner, box 1107 Call office, Oakland.
$1250 — A SNAP; a pretty house of 4 rooms and
bath; fruit tiees and flowers; come and sea
this. W. J. MORTIMER & CO., 2123 Center.
$3200 — A NOBBY home, fully furnished. In the
Berry Bangs Tract, east of Telegraph ave. ;
street work all done; a bargain. W. J.
MORTIMER & CO.. Berkeley.
$450— LARGE lots, 50x133; in the Twohy Tract:
grand view; 4 blocks from cars; oply u lots
leit. W. J. MORTIMER & CO., 2123 Center
gt., Berkeley.
$;>UO0 — A BARGAIN for a few days; an up-
to-date pretty bungalow cottage on . Grove
St.; everythfng- neat and cute; good size lot;
street work all done: cara pass the door;
you muet see this. W. J. MORTIMER &
CO., 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
J2000 — A VERY handsome 5-rooni cottagf.
nearly new; modern and up to date; large
lot: south exposure; work complete;
handy to street cars and Key route; must be
wold.
j C. C. EMSLIE, Ashby sta.: phone Stuart 700.
! 52. r -Of> — NEW cottage, 5 rooms: R-foot base-
; ment; double floors; S sets of folding doors;
' thoroughly modern and complete, etc. ; easy
} terms. Many oth«r properties, or will build
a home for you on payments less than rent.
FRANCIS FERRIER. Real Estate, Insurance —
I 2121 Shattuck ave.. Opp. BERKELEY Station.
HOUSE of 4 rooms;' d*«p basement: Delaware
St.. near Santa Fe depot: $JKO down, balance
hmall payments. O. A. RUDOLPH, real
estate arent Lorln.
FOR sale — 12-room houfe, new; lot 60x160; best
residential part of TWkeley; price, $6500.
Addrcys. Box 1141), Call office.
A. MURDOCK fc CO.. Scuth Berkeley station.
fnr ba"-r»!n«: we tmlM. >»«v. »•!! nr ew«"h»ne"».
ESEXSLEY HOTELS.
HOTEL BERKELEY REOPENS— This ele-
" grantly appointed house is now under a new
and experienced management. The service is
first class, the accommodations homelike, the
treatment <if guests courteous, the rates low.
The hotel is situated on Dwlght way. one
block west of the Dwight way station, and is
therefore convenient to both the Key Route
• and S. P. ferry systems. Rates, per day.
translent.'"are from $2 to. $3, and per month
are $30 to $50, according to apartments. Ban-
quets and wedding dinners will be served on
short notice In the most fashionable and de-
lightful manner. All Interested in this an-
nouncement are Invited to call at the house
and Inspect it. -Any further information de-
sired will be promptly given. Tel. Dana 13($.
I -BERKELEY HOl'SBS^TO LET.
I — ¦ —
FOR rent — Furnished house of 9 rooms; near j
university and car line*: all new; from May 1
1. 4 month*. LITTLE .<& WOOLSEY, 2110
Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
_BEBXELBT KO °BIS TO X.ET. _
THREE moderh upper rooms and email kitchen;
best location;' de^ablc. . 1218 Paru st.
FRUITVALE ADV'KT'S'M'NTS
FRDITVALE REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER,
KRUITVALE STATION. CAL.
$2500 — New mcdein and most tmractlvt cot-
tage of 5 rooms; grand porch; reception
hall; porcelain bath tub; brick mantel;
paa and electric combination fixture*;
Iloored . basement; stationary tubs: ce-
ment walks, .etc. ; sunny corner lot In a
choice, location and within a walking dis-
tance to local , station; easy terms to the
right party.
$060 — Nice 4-room cottage, barn and chicken
houses; fruit trees, berry vines, etc.; lot
W)xlO3;"a nice little home clove to car
line; small bum cash down; balance $11
per month. . , '
$11CO— Fine sunny corner, with 4-room : cot-
tage and basement: street work all done
and sewered, etc.; 3 blocks from Twenty-
third avenue • station.
$1GCO — Now cottage of 4 rooms and bath; large
attic, for 2 rooms; lot 50x100; chicken-
houses, etc.; 2 blocks from Fruitvale sta-
tion; most easy terms.
$2500— Bungalow cottage of 5 rooms: new and
modern: lot 50x160; best part of Frultvale.
$2'jr>0 — Very fine cottage of 4 rooms: hall, bath-
.fruit trees; berry vines; summer house;
lot 70x114; Vs block from Frultvale ave-
nue cer line.-
$1650 — NVw modern cottajc of 4 rooms; haJI.
porch, bath, and extra good basement; ce-
ment walks; street all done and sewered;
lot Xt:tixlO4, fronting on car line; $150
down: balance Bame as rent.
$1900 — New cottage of .5 ; rooms; . all modern-
electric lights,, etc.: lot SCxlOO; 1 block
from Kruitvale station; easy terms If de-
sired.
$;5r>C0— Two-htcry house of 8 rooms; new and
modern; large lot: .fine neighborhood; a
grand place.
$17CC»One acre of land in vegetables, with
chicken houses and yard, barn, etc.; also
new 4-room .cottage: good well, etc.;
handy location. •
Twenty-seven acres In fine soil; spring water,
suitable for ' vegetablo garden or chickt-n
ranch; very accessible from Kruitvale
station and only 2 blocks from electric
car line; for' sale as a whole or In sub-
divisions from 2 acres up; reasonable
price. " * ' .v *
I have uIf.o R choice lota on a level and ele-
vated location; streets all *ewered. and IVi
blocks from Fruitvalo avenue car line; $140 per
lot. "
H. A. PLEITNER, Fru'.tvale Station, Cal.
H. BARKME.YER. 1200 Fruitvale ave.. Fruit-
vale. Cal. - '- < , ;.: .
$11,00 — House of 5 • rooms and bath; hard
finished: city water: barn and chicken house,
fruit trees and flowers In bearing; lot 40x132:8;
2 blocks from car line; terms $100 caih, bal-
ance $8 40 per. month; near Elmhurrst.' .
$850— Cottage of 2 rooms; high basement; all
conrected with »ewor and city water: chicken
houses, fruit ¦ trees ;. corner lot. 60x120: all
fenced: only 4 blocks from Frultvale station.
*I2OO — Cottago ot 4 rooms; basement, > sewer
and city water; terms $100 cash, balance $13 20
r-tr month; 4 blocks from Fruitvale station:
fine locution- '
$1450— Modern bay-window cottage of 5 iarKe
rooms and bath, reception hall, fine mantel,
sliding doors, hot and cold water, high ' bas.*-
nient; lot «0xt32:0: ¦ one blcek from -car lino;
se* this; before, buyln* elsewhere:- easy terms.
$ISSO — Cottage • of 5 ¦ rooms and bath, high
tr.sement. barn and c!ilcl:*n house, rewer und
clly water; lot 50x140; all f»nced;ieary. walking
distance to Frultvale; station.
$1700— Cozy ¦ cottage of 4 rooms:' about on*
acre of tine soil,- barn and chicken houses, sum-)
m«"r ho«JP«\ ftocd well and pumo, high elevation;
Urpcr Fruttvale. For particulars apply to * ¦-«
JI. BARKMEYER. 1200 Frultvale ave
Fruttvale, Cal.: 'tel.< Brook 639.
LOOK at thi«T-A fine lot. 1 - 80x123; only 200 feet
- from Frultvale ave. ; price $400;* terms easy.
,fiee H.- W. DAVIS. :-8ole Agent, :- Fruitvalo
; ave.. 1 block from station. > t
TWO cottages: in :- Frultvale, 2 ; blocks S from
station; $100 down, balance In small monthly
, payments. ¦ , 324 East Eighth st.-. E. ; Oakland.
5450— LOT. 70x115; ' In { a fine location; ¦ a - bar^
. sain ;,sm'- u ' at once ' ' H ; w - °A VI8. Sole
1 Asent. Frultvale- ave.. ;i block from station.
PAKL^DAPVERTISEMENTS
OAKLASD REAL ESTATE, : £Vv
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT. INC.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
UNIMPROVED. -
$375—40x120; elevated lot: street work com-
plete: ckss to schools, cara. etc. .
¦ T T _ ¦ "
$500— 100x133; close to Santa Fe ¦ ut '°» 1 *5 d
San Pablo ave.; will soon be worth $1000.
. j < ¦£__
$800—50x100; street work complete; close to
Santa Fe and San Pablo trains; worth
;v^ $1000. •
$700—35x100; .very- sijehtly location In Linda
Vista Terrace district; street work com-
plete; one block to Oakland-ave. cars; fine
i . ./View and surroundings.
$1000—33:4x132: on Vernon st., Adams Point
district; street work complete.
$1820— 52x100 on Summit st.; sightly lot;
• elegant surroundings; very choice bar-
. IMPROVED.
$2C00 — New colonial house; 6 rooms and bath;
reception hall; exceptionally fine dining-
room; open plumbing throughout; clo«« to
Telegraph ave. and cross-town Key Route
to . San Francisco; very easy terms.
$2750— " $2750—
House 7 rooms, bath, laundry, etc., on
NW. cor.; close to businens center,
' schools, cars, etc: owner wishes -to sell,
even at a sacrifice.
. > . — — ¦ . •
$3100 — New colonial house 8 rooms and bath;
modern; lot 42x115; fine location and sur-
roundings; will be sold on very easy
W?.:. terms.
P.- .
i $3100 — New colonial bouse; just finished; 6
rooms and bath; Al throughout; must be
seen to apprrciate value; close to cross-
town route; lot 35x125; easy terms If de-
sired.
B. H.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT. INC.
1060 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
THESE places are all special bargains and
just as advertised.
$2C0O— 10 rooms, bath; arranged for 2 flats;
lot 37:6x125; on Myrtle st.. near San
Pablo ave. ; . this property is finely located
and a snai>. ,-*
$2750 — 0 rooms, bath; ¦ elegant location; close
In; house, alone worth the price; if In-
, sr*cted you will buy.
$1000 — 0 rooms; porcelain bath: fine location;
house built by owner, who lives there
now; hardwood finish and curly redwood.-
$2C0O— 16th st., near San Pabto ave.; 5 rooms
and bath.
5CC0 — Corne'r lot, 00x150; near Piedmont cars
and Key route to San Francisco.
Here is a fine proposition — $3000. including new
carpets, new modern house of 6 rooms.
bath, ra* and electricity; chicken yard
'• all fenced; terms of $500 down, $25 per
month on flat loan.
$S0O— Klevated lot. close In; finest location;
walklnx distance.
$2600 — New modern cottage of '6 rooms, por-
celain bath, electricity: open lawn; Gothic
style; sunny; fine location; be sure and
see this; terms arranged.
$1700 — e rooms, bath, basement, double par-
lors: paneled hall; 3 blocks from train;
. very har.dy location, near 8th St.; easy
, terms, like j rent.
1 $3S I CO— 7 rooms, bath; let 50x100; 10th St.,
\ near Alice.
OEO. W. AUSTIN,
Real Estate Agent and Dealer,
Member of the Oakland Real Estate Assocla-
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
MONEY IN LOTS.
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY.
GOOD I-OTS ARE GETTING SCARCE.
ftlOOq will buy a fine lot on north side of
33it St.. just west of Grove.
:ir,iH> lor 75 feet frontage on S4th st., west
of \Ve«t st.. $2o ner foot.
$1450— Fine lot on Broadway, 42x115; this Is
a fine location; convenient.
C1700 — One of th«- very bert lots in 1 Linda
Vista Terrace; no better location,
i t«23 v.-itl buy '42xl0O on north side of 39th,
: eaht of Grove: short walk to crosstown line.
-$135n— Fine corner, short distance from West
and UHh sts. : 35 foot fror.t; corner. '
| C14O0— 125 front by luo deep, with street I
1 all macadamized, sewered, etc.: junt the place
j to put 'up cottases on: East Oakland.
I Clcs* In; three Mocks from Pan Pablo ave.:
1 Ju»t thp place for . an apartment-house; will
sell 50x100 fcr '$60 p»r foot.
Your choice of .fine lot« on Oakland Heights,
1 Vernon Heights and Linda Vi!>ta Terrace.
IMPROVED PLACES TO SUIT ANY ONE.
JAS. S. NAISMITH.
634 Thirteenth street.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
i 1338 Bro-v'way, Oakland. Cal.
Telephone Cedar 351.
I Ks.il Estate, Insurance and Financial Agents.
¦ $l,JCt) — Neat cottage, "5 rooms: near new Key
route: east frontaje; renting $12 50 rer 1
mr>r.th. 1400
$1,750 — Two-story residence, 7 room* : in pood 1
repair: lot WxlCO feet- good neighbor-
hood; 2 Mn^kg e^st ot Broadwav; woulJ '
rent'llv rent for $17 50 per month. Don't
miss . thlr. ¦ 1426
A 'BUSINESS. INVESTMENT.
545.CCO— 1C0 feet fronting on Broadway, with
pood bntldfarf: standln? offer of $1000
per front r oot for property on adjolnln?
block. TMb I« an elerant site for a
hrt«-I t In fact a flr^t-clnss business
lncptl^n fcr any line. Property not
h'reto'or? r.fT^reii for sale. Clrcum-
«tnr>cr<« make It neces«ary to sell at on-:e.
I'tsIIj- ww-th, 25 ner cent m n re than the
l-ricf n«kfd .*r><1 in five yenrs will dcub'.e
in vr.!"-'e. We are exclusive agents.
. TA*T.OT! BROS. * CO..
1236 R*« Bdway, O-iklanrt. Cal.
Telerhcne Cedar 331.
WILLIAMS * CO.,
ARE YOU I COKING FOR HOME
PROPERTY?
t INVESTMENT PROPERTY?
FARM PROPERTY? * •_«¦
We can show you bargains.
WHEN 'YOU AKE. READY TO INSURE
YOUR PROPERTY, SEE US '.
WILLIAMS & CO.,
972 BROADWAY.
BARGAIN'S ! '.
$5C0 earli — " fine lots on Boulevard Heights,
overlooking Lake Merritt; slzs 40x130.
?:J7 50 j-cr *fcrt; lot'COx.lS feet; situated on
north e\£\i of 24th st., near Broadway.
$Ut0— Lot CCxl2O; situated on the east side of
Broadway, near Moss , ave.
$2," per foot: situated on • the west side ot
Linden si., near Eighteenth.
thksk Ann special bargains and
WILL BE SNAPPED UP QUICK. CALL ON
J H. ' MACOONALD & CO.. 1032 BROAD-
WAY. PARKLAND..' .
flfiSd V/1L1. buy cottage renting for $15 per
month: near local* and welMjullt: Investigate
.^ $211)0 — (i-room cottage. 53 ft. lot; 36th st.^
nrnr San Pablo; a bargain for some one.
SCKiiO — K-room rev/ house; built by owner
for, a. home; leaving State: must sell; near
Telecrnph ave.' and 36th st.
. $SCCO — 2 elegant fats, well built, thoroughly
modern: ' no • better location in Oakland.
$275 — A lot on Magnolia St.; this Is cheap
dirt for fomo cne to buy. ¦ .- »•. ¦'..?.,
$(;C0 — S."> feet. NW. cor. 23d ¦ ave. ; cost owner
over twice anklnc price.: ' . .
¦ $4800— ,H-room elegant home on largs lot, 5
minute*' walk ; from 14th and Broadway: lot
alone wcrth $2C*x>; house modern In all re-
upett*. F F. PORTER. 4<W Klchth st.
$75«' CASH. $14 T5 monthly; neat ." cottage: 4
' rooms; nice closets and pantry, bath,- etc. ;
barn, chicken houses.'; chicken runs; youner
. orchard and flowers; 10 lots, all fenced, 125x
/ 250:, Al: soil: fine, well '.of soft water; away
from .cold winds "and fos; adjoining Kant
<• Oakland: -near electric car line and .00-foot
jboulevnrd: srood neighbors. - surroundings:
price In all $2000.- Call or send for circular.
• : 455 Seventh st.. opp. Rro«dway ptntlon. Oak-
land:' carrlare free. H. Z." JONES, owner.
mr.rn — A LOVELY home: near Telegraph ave.;
'' lot. 10Cxl"5; Funny.'B'de of street:; 0-room
house. -with all modern conveniences; room
for snother hou*e on' lot: the land Is worth
"-'-¦ p'most "th* .anvmnt'-'avked. C. K. MAR-
SHALL, HIS Broadway.
$v?.".O— FINE residence and jrrnunR* : 9 ' rooms.
•¦•etc.: "Alice 'St.: bon' ton, part of *.re«ld«iitc
: netFhborhood : en*t:P r nroartwav; forecloite.1
hy bank mortsase. THE ALDEN- CO., 111ft
¦ ; f Broad way. "i|JfJ$$$>}|BG*i83 . ,- '"•'•¦" >« * . '
rtfiMV-irOTTAGE. 6 rooms . and "bath: ; lot 2r.x
- lRO:».Webfter »t..Ju«t north of,14th. THE
' ALDEN CO.. HIS Broadway. _ y
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
¦ - . . OAKLAND . KEAL KJITATB.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO..
460-482 EIGHTH ST..
,„„ OAKLAND.
$20,000—100 feet on Clay st.: 2-story busin«M
corner; Income $1500 per annum.
$15,000— Elegant residence; 11 rooms; nrtr cot-
tage 6 rooms; 4 acres: windmill, taak.
barn, stable; fronting Fruttval* ava,
$3.000— Fin* 9-room house; 4 blocka from
heart of city; corner Alice and Thir-
teenth st*.: 50x115; mortgage $5000;
. must sacrifice.
$6,750— Absolute sacrifice; elegant 10-room'
residence: terraced corner 100x160;
choicest location; must sell; coat $12.-
$7.500— Four modern flats: 6 rooms and bath:
80x100; rents $75; 10 per cent net.
$5,250— Fine modern residence; 9 rooms; In-
cludes carpets and atove : 45x143; Albion
- et.. sear Telegraph ave.
$4,000 — Pair modern flats. 6 rooms and bath:
lot S7:CxlOO; rent $45; near city center.
$4,250 — Fine modern Gothic; 7 spacious rooms;
up to date; corner 50x140; convenient to
Broadway. 'j
$3.850 — Snap: -4 acrea; San Leandro read: 3&
lots; stor» and flat; mortgage $21 00;
must cell.
$3,250 — Modern cottage 7 rooms. 3 mantels,
gas; lot 40x100; Market station; choice.
$3,250 — Handaome bungalow. S rooms: 40x120:
choice section, near Telegraph; extra
fine.
$3,000 — New 7-room colonial: gas, electricity;
lot 45x150; street work complete; easy
terms.
1 $3,250 — New. modern colonial: 7 rooms; never
occupied; near Key Route; easy terma.
$2,900— Pretty cottage. 5 rooms; modern
plumbing; lot 33x116; fronting Grove st,.
near Thirty-sbtta.. V
. $2,750 — Modern cottage. 6 rooms, gas, man-
tel; 45x100; 6 minutes' walk to City
Hall.
$2,850 — Choice lot; 60 feet Grove- st. frontage;
close .in; suitable for Cats.
1 $2,5CO — Modern cottage. 6 rooms, bath. gas.
mantel; 30x165; Center-st. station.
$2,500— Business lot; 25 feet Broadway front-
age; close In; good buy.
$2,000 — Modern cottage. 6 rooms; 5CxlC5; flaa
view; Piedmont: bargain.
$1,500— Snap; fine lot for flats: near Four-
teenth-st. depot; quick sale wanted.
$1,150— Neat cottage. 5 rooms; lot 40x145; near
schools, etore. car line; Piedmont.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE COW
460-462 EIGHTH ST..
OAKLAND.
¦
BELDEN'S BARGAINS. "
< (2750 — Splendid income Investment and spec-
ulation; fiats near new Santa. Fe depot. San
Pablo ave., where everything Is booming; 50-ft.
lot; rents $27 and can be increased; absent
, owner orders this sacrifice for Immediate sale.
$5CK) — Choice sunny lot, 70x104, near Frult-
! val« ave. and old county road. V. ..--'¦
i $2650 — 6-room cottase and stable with lot
50x140. on 30th st.. near Grove.
'¦ 5130V each — 2 lots. 50x120 each. In Adams
Point property; superb view; elegant surround-
j in~s; cheapest lots in the tract.
$1500 — Choice high lot, 50x125, on north slda
Edwards *t.. near Telegraph ave.
$400 will buy lot 25x127 on Adelln« St., Beat
18th. and the new De Fremery Park.
;25O for lot 50x140 on north side 43d St.,
near Grove: srrab it quick.
BELDES, Real Estate,
1112 Broadway. Oakland.
¦ ¦
GEO. H. VOSE, 1119 BROADWAY.
f600f>— Lot 100x75. only 3 blocks from 12th
and Broadway: rlzht In the heart of city; In-
vestigate It.
$400—7 lots, $4 CO to $000 each, only 2 blocks
. from railroad station in Berkeley; a great
snap; go and see It for yourself.
GEO. H. VOSE. Real Estate.
HIS Broadway, Oakland.
A FINE 6-ROOM COTTAGE: LARGE RJ%
CEPTION HALL: BATH: HIGH BASEMENT-
LOT 50x127; ALL STREET WORK DOME;
GOOD LOCATION; PRICE ONLY $2Sno:
EASY TERMS. P. C. LASSEN. 46« TENTH
ST.. OAKLAND, CAL.
fWO — — —
32xllS FEET DEEP.
*63O.
, * Nice building lot: Sherman ave., near Tele-
grcph ave.; close to Key route ferry station;
good improvements on street. Address Owner,
box 1108, CrJl office. Oakland.
FINE place for chickens; hard-finished four-
room cottage. Just completed: lot 50x150:
plenty vacant land adjoining for runs: two
blocks from carllne: will sell for actual
. cost. Address or apply 871 Adeline st.
£5750— NEW. 7 rooms and bath. 40x115, mod-
ern in every way: also 9 rooms and bath.
50x120; stable; strictly modern; near Tele-
graph ave.; must be seen to be appreciated.
Apply owner, 665 S6th st., off Grove, Oak-
land. .
MUET sell — New house. H large rooms: 2 blocka
to cars' and "Key" route station, bank, stores,
etc.: excellent location. Owner, 850 37th St.,
Oakland.
FOR sale — Houne of R rooms and bath; fine lo-
cation; good plumbing and up to date; also a
lot 30x32:6; price moderate: Investigate.
MRS. CARTER. 1423 Linden at.. Oakland.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
IB pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
O AKLA?fD^FLR.\ ITDRB FOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl-
, ture H Srbelhaas.lltb st-.cnr.store.OakUn<i. •
MILL VALLEY ADV'KT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
V SELLING FAST.
SELLING FAST.
10O LOTB SOLD UP TO DATE,
Large new subdivision at the station of. Mill
Valley; 4Q acres In large lots. In the very ten-
ter of the valley, none of which are less than
50x120; prices range from $400 to J800; terms
10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly: grand
home sites amid pleasant surroundings; beau-
tiful view of mountains and the bay; the ell-.
mate unequaled: splendid opportunity for an
Investment: land values bound to increase, as
Mill Valley ia rapidly coming to the front:
the new electric road has shortened the time
to 40 minutes from the city: Mill Valley ha?
all the conveniences of a city; fine supply of
pure mountain water; good sewerage and
drainage, electric lights,' stores, churches and
schools and. In fact, all conveniences; lets
beautifully woodeti; send for our new Illus-
trated book descriptive of Mill Valley.
LYON & HOAO. 116 Montgomery st.
IN Mill Valley: house and lot for sale. Ap-
ply 304A Turk et., San Francisco.
San Francisco Advertisenrts
TYPEWniTEBSJlSD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
Smith Premier, $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices; rental* $2 50. Tho
Typewriting Exchange, 536 California it.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Mont-
gomery *t- '
SD-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
. Webster .Typewriter Inspec. -Co.. 508 Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT POV.'DEK
COMPANY. Con. — A dividend. No. B4. of fifty
cent* (50c) per share on the Issued capital
. stock of the company has been declared pay- '
able at the office of the company, roonid ¦.i>'. > .
¦ '204 and 206 Hayward building. San Francisco,
on April 11. 1004. Transfer books close April
4. 1004. at noon. C. C. QU1NN. Secretary.
SAN ' FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Duild-
ing Society. 5th floor." Mutual Savings Bank
building, ' 70S Market st., oppc«tt« Third —
For the, half: year ending 51*V of December*.
,19U3, a dividend has been declared at the
rate wr annum of (12) ¦ twelve p«r cent oa
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. JanuaTy 2, 1004. JOSEPH A. LEON- .
' ARD, Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice— Office > of Sierra Railway
Company of " California, room 229 Crocker
building. San Francisco, Cal., -April 1. 1904.
Coupon No. 14, due .April 12. 1004, from first
'mortgage 8 per rent bonds of Sierra Railway
Company of California will be paid at th» -,
* fecst agency of tnl* company, the. Crock«r-
Woolr.-orth National Bank, en and after that
date. S. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
ments Sec Page Forty-Four.
REAL ESTATE WAXTED.
; 1 ° U %":2L taltJr Corbe" road,
£!?i th €t * aad Twin Peaks. Box 1150,
_F_O£^*_HXA£j:STATE WASTED.
WANTED—Qood ranch to renTon" shares by
| iotI p cau^c?.'- ** a * »*"««"»" to *>*
PROPERTY WASTED?
1 .^^ 0^™ laoome property, well located.
wanted; mnst T>« cheap. Box 1060. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HERB IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY. I
GREAT BARGAINS.
FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS
FOR 30 DAYS.
$50 DOWN. BALANCE TO SUIT.
32 LOT8.
S3:4xl25 TO 86x176.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-6T. STATION.
THIRTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
TWO BLOCKS FROM CAR LINE.
A HOME FOR EVERTBODY. ]
Here Is a bouse that must be seen to b«
appreciated: lot 60x267; near Mastlck station; 1
modern 9-roosi house; large conservator}', fine
grounds, fruit tre«a, stable, chicken-house, etc.
at a sacriflc*. \
I am now building several 5-room oottages. 1
Will be sold on terms. Come and sea them.
A modern cottage of 7 rooms; lot 65x150, j
with adjoining lot 45x150, containing fine fruit !
trees: sold as a whole or in subdivisions; 6 •
minutes' walk from either bread or narrow
gauge.
$1(AK> — 5-rooax. lH-story cottage; lot 25x101;
terms.
51000— 5-room, 1-story cottage; lot 26x100;
terms.
$1400 — 5-room. 1-story cottage; lot 20x100;
terms.
$1750 — 5-roora. 1-story cottage; lot 30x103; one-
quarter cash.
$2150 — 7-room. 1-story cottage; lot 64x150;
$500 ca*h.
$2150 — 6-room, 1-story cottage; lot 40x116; one-
half cash.
$2300 — 6-room. 1-story cottage; lot 60x150; one-,
half each.
ISlfX* — 7-room. 1-story cottage; lot 60x150; one-
quarter cash.
$4250— 9 rooms; extra bargain; lot 50x287; fine
location; $1000 down, balance terms.
BUSINESS LOT ON PARK ST.; 60x100; A
SACRIFICE.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE., NEAR STATION; BAR-
GAINS. LARGE LIST OF REALTY.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCieCO
REAL ESTATE— A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY.
APPLY TO A. R. DENXE, 1400 WEBSTER
ST.. ALAMEDA.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 PARK ST., ALAMEDA.
GREAT BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
EEE THE BEAUTIFUL HOMES WE ARE
OFFERING.
GET OUR PRICES AND TERMS.
NOW IS THE TIME TO PURCHASE PROP-
ERTY IN THE BEAUTIFUL CITY OF
ALAMEDA. WITH A NEW ELECTRIC
SYSTEM ABOUT TO BE 'INSTALLED
AND QUICKER SERVICE TO SAN-
FRANCISCO.
ALAMEDA PROPERTY IS BOUND TO
DOUBLE IN VALUE.
SOME REMARKABLY GOOD VALUES
IX) OFFER.
! $ir>CO — Buys a 5-room. 2-story house; lot 30x
100.
i $2000 — Buys 5-room. modern cottage; a great
; barziin.
$23(>O — Buys a new 5-room cottage; very cheap.
$2500— Buys a 5-room cotage; lot 50x153; must
re eold.
; $3000— Buys a irreat bargain: elegant cottage,
5 i-com* and be^h. and let,
I $3500 — Buys 7-room colonial house; very de-
j J45OO — Buys 8-rootn. modern home; lot 50x150;
near trains and schools.
$75O»>— Buys the rrettlett S-rocm house in Ala-
meda; beautifully arranged; en Central
SPECIAL.
ONLY $10.<>00.
ORIGINALLY COST $22,000; 12 ROOMS AND
BATH- FIKE CORNER LOT. 75x1*7; A
GREAT CHANCE TO SECURE AN ELE-
§ GAN OWNER LEAVING COUNTRY.
ONLY $10,000.
ALAMKDA LAND COMPANY.
1500 PARK ST.. ALAMEB-A.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
LARGK-ST AND BKST AGENCY.
JUST A FEW GOOD BUYS.
tlSGO— Modern 5-eoom cottage on Oak *t..
Ean Antonio ave.; one minute walk to station.
e-»-;oo— Love in a cottage; a modern 5-room
i cottage cwnolttely and artistically furnUhcd;
; rood as new; fine porcelain tub; over.iead
i plumbing; lot KSxl20; a good buy.
•••400— A modern cottage of 5 large rooms;
centrallv located on Taylor ave.. btwwn nar-
rvw and broad gauge. If you are looklnr for
a tnas don't overlook this chance; lot So 1-^x
ISO. '_
$4r>«X> will buy a beautiful modern 9-room
houst- uw-to-date In every reifpeot; combina-
tion t : lectric lights and gfis; overhead plumb-
line 3 bath room*: houre nc-wly tainted; sit-
uated on wca fide o* Broadway, near Santa
Clara ave.: lot 50x150. f
tU »oo — Great^t snao ever offered to the
rubllc; an elegant 12-room houre; modern In
eveiy ie»i>ect; overhead plumbing; situated on
north fcide of Cmtral ave.. near Paru St.: this
is beyond a doubt one of the best built hous.>s
In Alamcda: built for a home, not to sell: if
you Intend investing to lcls extent look this
Up; lot tOxlK*.
IP TOU WANT A LARGE HOME OR A
SMALL PLACE CALL ON US. WE HAVB
Vlmjge and choice list to select
inoM.
BUU-DING LOTS A SPECIALTY.
Salesman In office to-day S a. m. to 1 p. m.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
1422 PARK ST.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.
Cottage. S rooms and bath: fine corner lot. 75x
150- beautiful grouud»; barn and fruit
j trees •• ¦ • - ;'•*««>
Cottage .'1 rooms ui> and 5 down stairs; lot ".tx
ISO; rented at $27 licr month; good Invest-
ment S240O
Three «-rooin cottages: lot T7xllO S'Mr.0
New 5-room cottage; up to date S23OO
2-«tory house : 5 rooms $2:KX)
New 8-rcom house; up to date .*:si»00
New »-ro<;m house $4200
Houre of 7 rocms; lot Mxl50 $2100
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station, Alamcda. Phone C052.
{"UjO 5-room cottage, one block east of Bay
«t.; $500 cash; must be sold.
JlfcCO— Modern, ft-room cottage; must be *o!d;
«-af> term*.
UK/) Large. 5-room cottage; fine location ; ¦
eary termK.
f^OO — <;-roorn cottage, between Bay and Mor- ,
ton fts.; earr terms.
11230 l-room cottage; fine location; must be
GEa W L. LEWIS & CO.. 1001 Park et. j
jopoj Buys a modern ft-rocm cottage, sood as
new; nice lawn end chicken yard; near
station: In good location: rents for $1S.
Fcr rent, modern flat of t> rooms and bath;
Pr For«1rent, store and living rooms and fix-!
tures; good business location.
HALLY & CO.,
2313 Santa Clara *ve., near Park st.; sales-
man ln«l£iceto-day. .
•5250— A RARE bargain; chance of a life--
* time • two beautiful iiD-to-date modern «-
room fiats on Clinton ave.- bay frontage;
beautiful marine view; elegant surf bathing;
bathhouses, etc.: this Is a rare chance: don't
overlook It. HAMMOND k HAMMOND. 1422
Park tt '. 1 -
tm FGANT 6-room cottsg^ for $1000: lot &0x
150 1 H G MEHRTENS. 1600 Webster «t.. '
corner Railroad ave ;
VF \v complete cottage, 6 rooms, open for I11-
Vpoctlem this week and until sold. 1020 Fair
Oak* mv*.. Knclnal Park station. Alameda. ¦
ALAiaxDA ptraiasxrDjriATs.
CLINTON ave., 2160— 4 -room -upper flat, fur-
nished for housekeeping. -.'--.
A WEEK'S newa for 3 cents-The Weekly Call.
1«p«xea, la wrarjxr. tor mailing. $1 per year.
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A HANDSOME 7- ROOM COLONIAL
HOUSE; NEW, MODERN; 4 MINUTES-
WALK FROM BERKELEY STATION: KX-
CELLENT LOCATION: FOR RENT. $30 PER
MONTH; LOT 00x135 FEET.
It Is really a crime the way thousands of
families in San Francisco Jam themselves Into
stuffy fiats on 25-foot lota. The children have
to play In th« middle of the street and dodge
the street cars and automobiles to get a little .
sunshine and fresh air.
Coma to Berkeley and 1st us show you bow
people live over here with lawns and flower
gardens surrounding their homes. Rent a
house for a while and take time to locate a
home for life In the beet city of homes In Cali-
fornia.
See that pretty 6-room house, large rooms,
bath and two toilets, for $3250; $500 cash,
balance on time, 8 per cent.
See that fine 9-room bouse In Hlllegass tract:
well built, well planned. In excellent condi-
tion, on a magnificent NB. corner. 60x180;
broad side southern exposure; sunshlno In all
the five large bedrooms; tinted walls; curled
redwood interior finish; concrete floored base-
ment and laundry: lot alon« worth over $3UOO;
unobstructed view of Golden Gata from the
garden walks; two blocks Telegraph car line;
one block to proposed College avenue car ltne;
I $1200 worth of ground for another houee on
east end of lot. Price $6000 for quick sale.
S«e that beautiful lot on Piedmont ave.. In
aristocratic surroundings, full 60 ft. front,
stieet work, concrete eldewalk complete, sewer
connections to , property line: only $1325 for
quick sale. The best bargain In Berkeley to- .
day. W. R. ELLIS &. CO.,
Phone North »2/ _ 2150 Shattuck ave.
GOOD PROPERTIES AND GOOD INVEST-
MENTS.
A "pick-up"; make otter; corner lot, 46x258;
must be sold; 4 blocks ol sunta Fe station;
price &o<x/; any reasonable i off er will bo cun-
Kiaered. /
ki»uo — »J-room hou&e in food condition; lot 40x
l-->: n«ur in.
JIUikj — iicd«;rn; it rooms; porcelain plumbing;
nt»t a fly gi>eck; lot 4uxl3S.
C2yoO — 0 ruuiss; colonial; new; nice; clone in;
a seller.
$3400— A block of three choice lots; close in;
finci location; with a small cottage; splen-
did chance lor a builder.
$5000 — 12 rooms; modern; nearly new; close In;
yearly income JHKK>.
15750 — Elegant W-roura bouse; fine condition;
near In; choice neighborhood; Ursa lot;
plenty of room tor another houi>e; dirt
cheai).
$S2£0 — 10 rooms; well built: In good condition; :
fin* location; near in; yearly Income $71*0.
$7250 — Handsome house of VI rooms; modern;
Uisemeni; nice condition; lot r>oxl3'J;
worth $3300; 2253 Fulton st. ; key at 01-
fice.
$5000, $5500. $10.&00, $15,000. $20,000, $U5.00l>
and ot^er investments In choice business
lots and properties,
LYMAN ALLEN, 212l> Center it., Berkeley.
A -VERY large lot. 301x90. in the very best
uelghborbooa, at a very low price, • on easy
term*.
$2900 — A fine new 6-room cottaze; not far
from Berkeley station; a pretty little place.
$3100 — On the sunny side of street;' street
work all done; near the Key route cars; a
lovely' home.
$4000 — A fln© new house of 7 rooms: large
corner lot; near Key route station; a very
desirable place.
$5000 — A new 7-room house; alt modern lm--
. provements. furnace, etc.; in a very desirable
location.
$C0OO — A bargain; house of 0 rooms: lot 70x
135: laivn, rose and carnation beds, etc.; near
Key ruute station.
I I have a large list of property and make a
I specialty of choice property. I offer you mv
1 IS years' experience.
! JOS. J. MASON. REAL ESTATE,
SE. Cor. Shattuck ave. and Center st.
$1550— New 4-room cottage, modern, with
small barn; large lut; sun all day.
: New 0-roo;u colonial house going at a bar-
1 gain this week.
; Apartment house, 17 rooms, furnished; bring-
I Ins is per cent; old age only reason for selling.
; $3350— Beautiful new 7-room house, all mod-
t ern; street and all complete; good lot; near
• Key route station.
Two brand new 5-room cottages, extra well
. built; street work complete; sunny front* all
! modern; near Key and other linen; increasing
( value.
$1000 — Elegant corner lot; fine residence
j property; street work alone cost $500; 2 blocks
from fciouth Berkeley Bank.
LARGE CORNER LOT SUITABL'e FOR 4
FLATS AND 3 STORES; THIS LOT IM-
1 PROVED WILL BRING 15 PER CENT ON
THE INVESTMENT.
ALL SALES AND TITLES GUARANTEED
MUKDOCK & CO.. isouth Berkeley (Lorln).
¥2600— HALF block by the Santa Fe; $50
month.
$1400— New cottage, 5 rooms; bath, pantry,
j city water, sanitary plumbing; lot <">0xHK); 1
] block from electric cars; $150 down, $25
I monthly.
$S50— Ntat cottage, 5 rooms and bath: near
Etatiou of local train.
$510 — L..-t. R0X120, on broad macadamized
ttrurt; $50 down. $10 monthly; interest 6 per
cent net.
$12€0— House. 4 rooms: Eardcn, etc.; $100
down, $10 per month.
$1850— House, 0 rooms and bath; lot 60x130;
small barn; street sewer«d.
?!".">¦ 1 — Buslut-Es corner on principal avenue;
lot COxlOO. *
$1500 — Lot for factory sit». 221x125.
$250 — Triangle lot. 40x120, with creek lined
with willows; $25 down, $10 month.
j $1100— House, 4 roome; lot 4Vxli'5; $100 down,
I $15 per month. -
i $:!75 — Busint-ss lot, 20x75; $20 down.
5250 — Lot, 60x100; $25 down: $5 month. -
CHAS. A. BAILEY.
1050 University ave., nr. San Pablo ave..
West Berkeley.
A CHANCE TO BE INDEPENDENT. TO BE
INDEPENDENT IS TO OWN YOUR OWN
HOMK. BERKELEY. OFFERS BETTER AD-
VANTAGES FOR A HOME THAN ANY
'OTHER TOW:* ON THE COAST.
$2600 — Cottage, 5 rooms; good location; street
work completed; terms to suit purchaser.
$3200— New 6-room house In most desirable lo-
cation; without exception the most desir-
able place we have for the price.
! Jo&K) — New 7-roora house on corner; street
' work complete; location exceptionally con-
venient.
1 ?4500 — Elesant 8-room houee Just being com-
pleted in without doubt the finest location
in Berkeley.
505<X»; New s-room house; hardwood floors;
I cement basement: comBination fixtures;
everything complete; lot 60x135.
REMEMBER, "WE SKLL THE EARTH."
JL'STER & BAIRU. 2137 SHATTUCK AVE.
: CENTRAL KEAL ESTATE COMPANY,
.2145) Center st.. Berkeley.
$000 — Reduced from $850; owner needs a little
ready money; lot 40x134, on Spruce St.,
north of Rose; elegant view; street work
all done; terms $265 cash, balance to suit.'
S100(i — Lot 40x124, on west side of Grove st.,
south of Addison; Eldewalk laid; street
work all done.
' $1200 — Corner lot. GOxlfK): 4 minutes from
North Berkeley, station: street work all
done ;» corner lota are getting scarce; terms
can be fcaJ. ' •
J^OO— If sold this week; worth $3250; house of
(5 rooms; lol 80x135! shed In rear, 20x20;
25 fruit trees, epples. pears. plums,
prunes, etc.; elesant view; street work all
done; only :S minutes' walk from North
i . Berkeley station.
I CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
2H0 Center st.. Berkeley.
CHENEY & BERRY. ~—
1
We sold last week two acres of the four we
have on Clairmont ave.: two acres remaining,
divided In :> lots; cet nne for a nne home.
Wa have' 40 lot" for rale In the Crystal
Sprlnea Tract. Will eell them or bu|ld on them,
for you. Send for a raas> or call at our office
or branch office on tract for full particulars.
S5."G0— A new 8-room house In Berry Ban*.x
Tract, on east side of Benvenue ave. ; lot 50x
US. Thl« is one at the best locations I,
Berkeley «nd one wantinc a home could do
m better than this.
We have two lots In this tract on Hlllcgas
ave.. near Derby, for sale at a bargain. See
us about them.
We have a list of house* for rent, furnished
or unfurnished. Also some for rent for the
summer at nominal re^nt,
CHENEY ft- BBRRY.
P. O. Hlock. Berkeley. Cal.
FOR SALE.
JOOO— 4-rocm house: built' one year; lot 30r
100. located at 1011 Orayson rt., West Berke-
ley: one block west of San Pablo car line.
FOR EXCHANGE.
" ICO acres of land In San Luis Obispn County,
near San Misruel. for a Rood building lot in
Berkelev, Oakland or San Francisco.
One of the finest homes In Berkeley. 8 blocks
south of University of California grounds, house
of 11 rooms, good barn, orchard about one
acre for ranch In risht location."
MORAN & SWAIN.
2131' Shattuck ave., opp. Berkeley Station.
A GREAT BARGAIN. ' "
$150— 7X>T ?5xl35; NEAR UNIVERSITY;
PTRKET WORK DONE: WEST FRONT
j P. HALE. 1511 SHATTDCK AVE.
yORTH BERKELEY. .;¦¦ '
TEN rocm house, ' stable, good . lot, east of
Shattuck ave.. convenient - to ' DwIrM way
station and all car - lines: ' pric_e,* 13750; ' a ,
bargain. Box ; 1044, Call ; office. .... ¦¦ . j
M. P. W..ALBEB, Real Estate and Insurance
—Houses and, lota for gale and houses for 1
rent. 2130 Center st.. Berkeley. .7 I
KKAL CSTATC — Country— For Sale.
W. J. WHITE.
CHldLEti KANCHJBS KVfcRYWHKKS.
FVTT*
M5.B00 — 103 acrea; ail lev«l; 1 mile of town;
Centra Costa County; elegant V-ruom house; 2
Utg* baraa; 7 poultry houses; 2 large gran-
aries; income u.Um\. ;«iCuu a year; b*kt raaca
to tbe county-.
f;.O,OCU — ivlamath Co.. Eouthern Oregon; bor-
... : ::-g ™ V.x Klamath Lake; 3000 acres; cut
, > i'i «*\."j tons ot hay annually; also .arc*
.. .«:.ii;!r> of grain; well fenced and cross-
:.iic*J, good t>-room residence; farming lmple-
.... ::u: lu horses; i good barns, etc
U0.O0O— Ia tjonuma Co.; byO acres well fenced
in 3 fields: house; 3 larg« barns; dairy house;
wtll wkiirtd; 2U0 acres tillable; all level; 24
acm b-year-dd orchard; SO head cattle; 20
vt. tartnlng implements, eto.; JtKnw mort-
,ji,f; trade fur bay property.
In Placer Co.. oa R, R.— 16W acres,
, . ¦: river bottom, all can be ploughed; carry
tua head cattle year round; dwelling; 3 good
Iwnst: :armicg implements; U0 bead cattle; 12
11. «d horses; plenty water to Irrigate; part cash.
is&A — fccld by order of Superior Court, lOSO
¦lcMki near Point Arena, 200 acres One potato
.a -id. 4,;> crvhard; Suo acr«» more could bs
planted; SCO acres h'avy Umber; well Im-
proved and fenced; fine dairy or stock ranch.
::- (.;• — Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 220
t<-re*; 2 ku good improvement*; well fenced;
enhari; 5 Imisn ; farming tools; outside range.
fSl&O — Oaiy 2 miles cf town, 155 acres; 10
seres oM vineyard; family orchard; CO acrea
clover ct alfalfa; under 3 ditches; large ntV
bam; will build dwelling to suit buyer; 10
fine milch cows; farming implements; only
$1000 do»n.
$;50O— 160 acres nea.r boat and cars, Sonoma
to.; good 0-room house; vineyard, orchard,
barn, outbuildings, horses cow, poultry $200
jcb can be had with the place.
?2^>0— One mile P. O.. schools and etores;
_.>5 acres: 40 level; 10 could bu Irrigated;
house, large barn, outhouses: well fenced and
orois-frnced; ISO hens: new buggy, wagon,
Jarmkig tools; some etock; 3 wtlls; water payed
to bulMings; furniture.
$4SC0— Two and a half mlUs live town and
R. R.: 400 acres; 40 In grain on creek; about
". •¦ acres more bottum land; 10 acres full bear-
irg orchard; balance timbered pasture; house,
barn, etc.; fine place for resort or sanitarium;
cot far from city.
5.-.0C0— 3 milts cf Santa Crux; 47 acres: 19
;;r.Vr cultivation, balance fine pasture- 305
assorted fruit tree*; 1500 grapes; windmill and
tar.k; water piped to buil dines and yards;
;.; '-A-.i S-rooxn hard-finished house, good
»ubl« and poultry bouses; epan rood horses; 2
cows; 7 desea hens; single ana double buggies
*. ad bsmess; hay; fanning tools and furniture;
trade for No. 1 property around bay.
i2t5O — ICQ «cres, b miles of Napa City. S
mllea P. O. ; SO acres under cultivation; 15
acres full bearing fruit; 15 acres fins grain;
¦ 4> acres more could be cultivated: balance
broken and rocky ; house, barn, poultry bouses.
Incubator, brcodera, 2 wagons. 2 carts, horse,
cow. poultry, tools.
(SOU) — 160 acres, at station and near Santa
c. rut: SS acres clear: orchard; XO-room house;
outbuilding* : mortgage $2000; trade equity.
tSAOO — Near Ean Joee; 14 acrea bearing fruit
mostly prunes; facilities for Irrigation; build-
* tr.f fc.
i;?2!A — 26 acres sandy loam, only 2\i miles of
Petaluma; house, 5 rooms and bath; part 'cash.
$750— Gold mine, with 60-foot shaft and fine
body cf ore In sight. £1 Dorado Co.; assays
S14 a ton: would exchange for vacant lot.
$2900 — CO acres: 5 miles from Santa Crur; 20
acrea under cultivation, belance rolling and
seise *'' r z; small orchard end vineyard, bear-
ing; good 7-roccn house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 down and balance
monthly r*yiner.t» if desired.
S3Auo— Near Petalnma; 13 acres: 0-room
house; good outbuildings; tools; wagon and
"horse; lw poultry houses: 400 hens; 2 Incuba-
tors and brooders; a money-maker.
JICOO — Close to Sebaetopol; 8 acres. 4 acr*s
tearing blackberries; family orchard; good
well; running water: fine Jersey cow; spring
waren: harn»«s; tools; furniture.
MA0O — Near B«bastopcl: 24 acres; all level:
2 eowing streams; 6 acres apples: 3 acres
blackberries; nice S-room house, barn; drying
plant; outbuildings; horses: farming tools; ru-
ral delivery.
$22W> — 10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
mencing to bear; 6 miles from Saa Jose; lovely
hcrne ; half cash.
$1700— In Sonoma City: 3H «cr**: all level:
good house, barn, windmill, tank house; 13
. r^ultrv houses and yanis: some alfaUa; spring
wagen; SCO chickens: feed house.
Send etarap for printed list.
W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery st.. room S.
PROl'ERTY EXCHANGES A SPF-CIALTT.
STOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California, Nevada. Arizona. Mexico stock
ranrhe* for their value for graz'.ng — vast tracts
•juitable for subdivision and colonization. Val-
uable not alone for graring. but for timber, ag-
riculture, oil, minerals or town cites. We hsve
mapy tracts where frost never occurs. We
l-av"«* many valuable pasture lands where grass
. « ettle «t» fat In ApclL when beef commands
the li!g!ipst juice.
We have busln^y property that will pay 6
?'fr c«!r.t net or: cost for five or ten years' lease.
\Ve have residences, up to date, in the land cf
th* lera^n. orange, eun&hme. fruit and flowers.
Wi hfv» njur.j' beautiful orchard Tiome* in !
the- fstrtd fsnta Olarn Valley, near the Cartien J
«'itv of Cailfcmia. Good dairy and alfalfa
ranches.
We can offer a Mexican grsrt that will sup-
port 10.CC0 head of cattle for only $50,000.
CHARLES W COE fc CO..
Heal E>utte, Cattle and Lo&ns,
7S-79 Auzerais Bldg.. San Jose, Cal.
GOVERNMENT land — Have you a home of
. jour own? We will locate you on 1C0 acrr-s
.' • grxvl land with plenty or water for $10<».
TOOKEH & GRAHAM, rocms 217 and 21S
<*r<xker building.
14™ ACRES at $(i 50 pt-r acre; only 90 rr.lles !
¦ frr.tn San Francisco; to clos* up an estate:
¦we owner dally at 12:30. RICHARD KKAT-
IN'GE 1O.S Je*sie Ft.. Pan Francisco.
THE demand far gcod country property ex-
cf-eds our supply; if y^u want to sell your
piftCC liM it with u*. CHATFIELD & VIN-
ilENT. 22S Montgomery et.. «s. K.
tr'OTi eale — 1200 acres good alluvial toll in Irri-
gation dietrlct, near Ktookton. $27 JW) per
acre. Address J. K. WAOOR. ."» South S ut-
ter st.. Stockton, Cal. -j ?v-''^- .
$1« A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
J200 profit p*r trnsm per acre.
Write for booklet . It's int. C03 J ft.
WRIGHT & KIMRROUGH Sacraraetito. Csl ;
* fcAN HAIKU tlfclAL. bVlAlU.
. _„ ...
CAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE F1JCKST SUBURBAN REHIDENCK
DISTRICT NEAR SAN KRAN'CISCO.
\Te have a choir* list of excellent rertdence
properties, villa elter and acreage. Don't fall
tn s«e u> before buying. Investigate San
X'ateo Park. The Ideal property of them all.
Loit of about one acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to be mcrt valuable. Eee our local
agtnt. Frank S. Grurorann. Saa Mateo offlc*
cpen Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 2» Post St.
EEEEzr
MILLIONS of doliaro have Ikni Inverted
At Point Richmond.
Tig money I'.zt b*<n made in reel estate.
Buy a lot th^re now.
?3 rr month.
. MrTW.KN na«JS. • IIS Montromer>- »t.
StIURDAN RRAL USTATTpT \
•ROES VALLKY PARK.
• * SAN AKEELMO. MARIN COUNTY. I
Th« new rubdlvli<i<>n of thin beautiful tract of j
iand 1« now upon the market, and the best I
«:h»K-e can -be hed by an early eelection. I>ote j
• an lx? had unon the level land and villa lot» i
ujwm the Mllsldt. Water main* and «-t»«TS '
have alrccdy b*<n laid and ar* ready for uee. :
and the road* have been commenced end win
I*' flushed to t-onr.ilPlion Bf rapidly an the
weather »i!l prrnilt. On<»-lhird of the traoi ha*
already b-tn dlKr'>s r! l of and the *>r»cUon of
Bercral <-cttaces b«=«un. Thie In the final
r.pjKjrtnnity to n«<~tire beautifully brooded lot»".
j> we]! ¦« tr^wn ]f>l^. so near, to the r&ilroad I
ftittlan. the ferthrst j-oint being not more than [
•«n easy 15 minutes' walk. '•
ROSS VALLEY PARK Is et Kan Ansplmo !
station, en t:ie North fchore Railroad. The
ik». fast electric line fcy the way of SausalUo.
For mar* «"d price*, apply to
ItAYMONH. ARMSTRONG &. CO..
Hooni 2. 7th floor. M!ll« Mdi;.
SA\ JOSi: HBAL ESTATE.
I'OR fa'.e— 7-rocm tolitf*". all modern Improve- i
' tnente; r!eg»rt how: 2« MaKn(fllH ave.. San j
* 3w. Add. C. E. Wright. San Jo«c, Cal. i
J'U1>T tllfll.MOMJ ttKAL li»TATB ; J
lAt.TOUY tite In the Richmond District, with j
.^outhfni P.-vcifle Ilalln^ad *nd deep m-atcr |
frontage. Forty acres In (subdivisions at I
ficu i>er mere. Tien factory ground In the
State for the money. Ftor further partlcu-.
Iar» B«!drrs;» W. R. ELLIS & «X).. 2150 Ehat-
• tuck «vt, Berkeley station; phone North »2.
.U/r* PUNTA TRACT.
J?tt*e; on Santa F> electric road: T279 per
acre: building lots $100: orchard* and build-
ing* $«00 per acre: monthly payment*; fend
for maps. HAIGHT. 401 California rt..P.F.
KBAL KSTATK TO UXCUAACB.
S7'.f. ACRES. 1 mile of Haywards: 0-room
hoove, verj' fine barn, windmill und tank-
!iout»: poultrj-houtrK; t acres of good 1
orchard; flue home; cood fruit land and nn- j
provements for, raiding of poultry: will sell
at ¦ bargain. or exchange for Berkeley prop-
erty. OlENEY A- BERRY, I'. O. bUg..
Berkeley. CaK . .
1C* ACRES twutheBi«tPrn part of Monterey
County. FREDERICKS 3733 Seventeenth.
NICE l.ou« and lot In Oakland to exchange
for ranch. Box 1101. Call office, Oakland. •THE SAN; FRANCISCO,, GALL, .SUNDAY,^ APRIL; 3, .1904.
44
V LODGING-HOUSES FOH SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO. g • Phone South 1050.
' • 3 Eddy at. , cor. '- Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-Houses, Hotels and
..All Kinds of Business Chances.
"V ... ¦ _____ - - - -
220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-'
house; .luxuriously, furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building; clear-
ing $400 to $600 per- month; obliged to leave
city..
11 rooms; rent $40; close In; oak. cherry fur-
niture;. Brussels carpets; clears $55 over all
expenses; (400 casb, balance time; snap; $700.
46. rooms ;• rent only $65; well located hotel
south of Market; fine bar; well stocko-i;- brick
building; electric- lights; 1 , everything guoJ con-
¦ dltion; oart cash, balance time; price $2500;
I will exchange this with good real estate for
j larsre downtown house.
40 rooms; elegantly furnished; rent only $250:
oak and mahogany furniture; 60 boarders;
clearing $260 per month; close In;, fine -bay;
price $6000. .
11 rooms; Ellis st; close In; oak furniture;
nioquet carpets; part each, -balance time; price
$C5>\ . <
108. rooms; cheap rent: new and elegantly
furtilehed; 'up-to-date rooming house; hau line
bar; can be run In conjunction If desired; rare
chance for right parties; part cash, balance
can bp paid out of house; other buslncjii inter-
eats demand Immediate departure.
12B rooms;. rent only .$4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all men; electric ei-jvator.
lirhts; long lease; clears $400 to $300 per
month; one of the beet buys In the city. -,
10 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; Ut-
te apartment house; reduced to $1100.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close tn ; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part casb.
30 rooms; rent only $150: cak and cherry
fur.; fln« carpets; close In; fine money-maker.
1C2 rooms; most elegantly appointed apart-
ment house In San Francisco; beautiful, med-
ern' building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear- i
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part cash,
balance 8 per cent per year.
18 rooms; rent $85; well furnished: ail new,
$(>00 down, balance \y 2 per cent;. fine buy; only '
$1250. - - |
25 rooms; rent only $60; north Market; all i
full; clears $100 per month; price $1SOO; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
106 rooms;: new; most elegantly apaolnted
family hotel in city; all full and clearing $400
to $000 per month; books open for Inspection;
obliged jo leave .city. '
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; goou
carpets; slckneue; price $350.
100 rooms; new and elegantly appointed
apartment house; swell location; long lease;
cheap rent; part cash, balance made out of
house without interest.
10 rooms; Ellis; newly furnished; rent $40;
apartments; $200 down, balance $20 per month,
no Interest; must -be sold on account other
business; price $725.
20 rooms; well located; north Market: cheap
rent; • Income $70, leaves 2 rooms landlady;
snau; $300. #
i75 rooms; new, modern building; elegant fur-
nishings; cheap rent; close In; will clear $100
per month; $5000 down, balance can be paid
out of house; see this.
9 rooms; sunny flat; rent $50; oak, mahog.
fur. ; obliged to leave city; reduced to $G30.
2S rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment house and pay cash difference.
S rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
IS rooms; rent $85; north Market: close In;
good money maker; reduced from $1600 to $1100.
j 23 rooms; well, furnished;- flrst-class tran-
sient house; 2 blocks off Market; 5- year lease;
J clearing over $1CO; gcod buy for some one.
31 rooms; rent $110; all light i\ms; clear-
Ing over $100 per mo.; regular snap, only SSvO
to get In; must leave city, at once; price $1300.
128 rooms: cheap rent: long lease; first-
class Ui>-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
I nished; clearing $3Ct> to $000 per rnoruh: must
eell on account of other business; only with us.
50 rooms; elegantly furnished; fine location;
close In;- new and modern throughout; full and
clearing $250 to $350 per month; must' be sold
to settle an estate; only face of mortgage now
on It asked; chance of a lifetime.
90 rooms; part offices; elegant new building I
and furniture; hlgh-clasn "location; beautiful)
halls; everything modern; first-class grill in
connection; best proposition in city; called East
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegancy fur-
nished; oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
| rood lease.
. 17 rooms: rent only 570; oak furniture: Ax-
minster carpets; fine location; clears $S0; fine
! buy.
20 rooms; central; cheap rent; well fur.; some
housekeeping; full; will take flat in exchange.
120 rooms; fine downtown corner house: pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances; I
i takes In $30 to $40 per day. transient, besides !
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $85; oak fur.;
! good carpets; housekeeping; all full{ clearing
¦ $70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady;
price $1600. • . . t
50 rooms; new: modern apartment house; 10-
* year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
I very central ; first-class proposition.
j CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO..
Phone Black ratOI. 777 V, Market street.
Bank references.
Any hou.se sold on easy terms.
Buyers' guide; bring this ad with you.
Some of our special bargains.
"READ carefully
Special— If you want to make big money and
are not averso to runnlni a transl«it house
with liquor license, then Investigate this at
once; It will pay you; we have for sale 6o-
room transient house, liquor license (old es-
tablished),' 2 entrances, swell loc: heavy oak
"furniture and hair mattresses. Call at once,
see It and make offer to my exclusive agents
CAL. INVESTMENT CO., 777V* Market st!
i — — — :
| APARTMENT house 40 rooms; new and beau-
tifully furnished; lease; low rent; price- $40C<>
half cash; don't wait: It will _o. CALI-
FORNIA INVESTMENT CO.. 777H Market.
APARTMENT bouse» 110 rooms.' new and ex-
/ <iuisltely furnished; grand epactous halls,
most select patronaee: terms • \t, cash, bal-
ance C per cent Interest; this will pleas.- the
most fr.stldioiiK. -Particulars, with .-CALI-
FORNIA IN VESTMENT. CO.. 777% Market.
EXCHANGE — 55-room transient house, old cs-
! tabllshed:. It's get the money; value $4500-
will trade smaller house. CAL. INVEST. CO.
86 ROOMS on 1 floor, nicely furnished, newly
, painted: clenrs $125;' nice loc: rent $110-
price $1000. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.^
¦APARTMENT liou** 40 rooms; grandest of Its
size, In city: wide, beautiful halls, marble
entrance: exqulsltsly finished; price $5500.
Exclusively with CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
MITCHELL & CO. . ... .:.. .Phone Jessie 2981
. 1"<KJ Market st. opposite Sixth.
10 rooms; neaf sunny, two- floor house; rent
$40; -sell or. exchange; price $«50.
C5 : rms.; downtown .house-; steady; transient;
clearing ' $350 monthly ; handsomely . furnished.
. 2(i rms. ;• choice, corner rooming-house; unex-
celled for transient as»well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well-appointed housekeeping suites;
landlady must ;' "ell: --make offer.-
MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 rMarket St.
100 ROOMS; cunny ¦ corner; rent $125. t.. $4500 I
112 rooms; clears $350: low rent. . . ... . .$45C0
80 rooms; furniture nearly new..... $3S0O
,15 rooms; fine location, north of Market. .$000
40 rooms; In Oakland; new; rent $60...$i;50O
12 rooms : -, \>, cash ; cheap rent $600
Money to •- loan :• on ,- furniture. • EITEJ. &
CARROLL, 212 - Kearny st , .
$S0f>--FURNISHED house; 9 large rooms; front
. parlor. and front upstairs pay the rent: Sut-
tor, and Jones sts. Call I. STRAUB. 030
Market st. : • ..; - . " . - ;
WILL "exchange lodging-house. GO rooms,., cen-
. tral." corner. , clearing ; $225 ; month. • for small
; house and cash difference. Box. 1155. Call.
TEN- ROOM 'house; nice family home; account
; sickness. Address box 1113, Call office.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has.beea
• opened , at ¦ 100S Market 'st. . opposite . Fifth.-
Open {until : 1 1 ; p.'c m." " '- \ ;¦ . ". ;
A WEEK'S newsfor.5 cents— The Weekly Call.
I 16 pages, in. wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — Lodging-house of about 25 rooms,
: well furnished. Box 4248. Call offlce.'
__ CltOT-fXEBS.
C: F. ADAMS : f CO. - * v
¦ SPECIAL , CREDIT 1 STORE. ., .
" ;~e clothe the .whole - family " from hits ¦ to
, "shoes: -everything up-toidate at cash prices."
. • Credit - for *¦ A\l." f 318 ¦ Mason ; st. : :: > ;' ; ¦- ;: ..- .
-¦" • caoT-abgo^atisarovATi-fQ:
SUITS ' cleaned' and pressed, $1 : scouring, and
-dyeing.*- Bon iMarche,< 40 ; Ellis 'st./ room 14;
.' phone, Drumn^ 44. -Call for and 'deliver free.
LOnOIXCi" HOUSES FOR SALE— Con.
MARION GRIFFIN.
_______ -- #
400 Hearst bulldlnsr. over Examiner entrance.'
Modern business methods in ¦ fine front office*.
Phone Black 3607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date, title -abstract -free with every sale.
CLEAN- 10 rooms; 8 furnished; rent $40; In-
come $70; price $300; aunny side of -street;
near Van Ness ¦ ave.
:-;_.-* See MARION GRIFFIN.]
HIGH-CLASS transient; 21 rooms; splendidly
furnished and. centrally located: rightly man-
aged will clear $200 month. See
t GRIFFIN.]
MODERN apartment-house; "¦ 177 rooms; ele-
gantly furnished; steam • heat; electric ele-
vator: lease; clears $C50 month. MARION
GRIFFIN sole asent.
ULTRA fashionable private boarding-house; 20
rooms; most expensively furnished; large
grounds; clears $154 monthly.
.See 'MARION GRIFFIN*.
ONLY $60 rent; 20 rooms for $1200; 1-3 down
and little monthly installments: rent $S0.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 4C6, Examiner bid.
TWO 40- room houses,' one ndrth, one south:
each clears $162 per month; offer wanted.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
MOST luxuriously furnished apartment-house
In this city, barring none; velvet car-
pets, elegant birdseye maple furniture,
Oriental hangings; grand sunny cor-
ner; lease; 37 rooms; -easy terms.
MARION GRIFFIN.
NEW and modern House of 50 rooms; 8-year
lease; electric elevator; hot and cold
water; brass beds; fine carpets; oak
furniture: high-class business.-
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
LANDLADY, you would only care for the
wide, sunny halls In this . 39-room,
house; all 3-room . suites, newly fur-
nished; price only $1500. It's a bar-
gain. See MARION GRIFFIN.
ASK MARION GRIFFIN
i For "permit to inspect" the 53-room house,
| reduced to $4000; newly painted; well fur-
nished; _7 bay-windows; 5- year lease; quiet;
(respectable; terms half cash; clears exactly
j $17G monthly. / .
HOTEL FOR ARISTOCRATIC FAMILIES:
very select; well-established; richly fur-
nished; splendid corner; over ICO rooms; ab-
solutely clears $6000 yearly; see my only
a_ent:
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406. Examiner bid.
j INCOME $3C-r>. over rent; an 85-room corner
house; nicely furnished In January, 1004: all
men roomers; low rent: long lease; $.000
first payment, balance as you make It
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 406 Examiner bid.
TRANSIENT houses for sale by M. GRIFFIN.
8 r. ; new fur.; rent $30; $100 down; $400.
23 r.: 1 block n. of Market; owner sick;
make offer.
.. 24 r.; 1 block s. of Market; easy terms.
4f> r. ; central; 5-year lease: clears 5300 mo.
21 r.; very richly furnished; a mint
14 r.; near Union Square; a fine house. '
PARTLY FURNISHED.
12 rooms; NE. corner, north of Market; rent
$40; fine location; 9 rooms nicely, furnished
and 3 unfurnished; price cut to $500; half
cash.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 400. Examiner bid.
NOW IS YOUR ; OPPORTUNITY
ttf you profit by It at once) to purchase the
flncyt 100-room 'apartment-house In San
Francisco; the price Is nominal for such a
house; exceptionally well located; beautifully
furnished throughout; long lease at $5 per
room; the very best banrain. which we shall
prov? to you If you will investlsate.
MARION GRIFFIN, r. 40K. Examiner bid.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
send for ePACTLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Work*. £55-357 Tehama st: tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S, 240 Fourteenth st. clean-
ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission It.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
¦_ rlson st.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission _25.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
533 Ooldrn Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
tre«3es madi; over. .1432 Howard ;tel.South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Mam 304. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet- beating works: prices
reaynaMe. 1703 Harrison st:tH. Mission 2fi3. |
CLEAH_2_ AI7D DY-JItS. ;
I."
» 100O SUITS wanted to clean and press right
new. R. CANTAU. GOO Hayes st.
CURES Eurl'UU-. -
CLARK GAND1ON TRUSS CO.
Specialists In truss, fitting, ' ¦ .
162 Phelan bld_.
WHO?— Hunter. 1206 Market st: $100; rupture
eure for $10: circular explains; send for one.
STIKITUALISM. ~~
Mrs. Dr. Martin, wonderful spiritual healer and
j business medium; readings dally. $1; develop-
I Ing class Thnrs.S p.m; ICOftB Golden Gate ave.
MME. LUCRETIA. . spirit medium; circles
every evening; hours 10 to 6. 143 6th, r. L
C. V. MILLER'S Easter materializing seance
this morning, 11 o'clock., $1. 10S4 Eush st.
A GRAND Easter materializing seance Sun-
day. 2 and 8 p. m. ; 50 cent3. 323 Ellis st,
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
0:30 to 4; seances Sunday and Thursday.
PROF. FRED EVANB. noted clairvoyant and
tlatc-writer.- 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott RS7.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
"" " / ¦ ¦—
THE FUTURE REVEALED,
THE PAST DISCLOSED.
THE PRESENT ANALYZED
• BY LIVINGSTONE.
428 Eddy st
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarion's treatises that
Is so eloctrlfylns the world to-day. HE IS
NO IMITATOR. His work Is upon original
lines: PURE THOUGHT. CLEAR VISION.
He TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE TO
KNOW, AND WORKS IN THE OPEN
LIGHT. AND IS AS CONSPICUOUS FOR
ITS WONDERFUL OCCULT ANALYSIS AS
IT IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
¦ AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS.
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test Is ot
little value when the mind is troubled— you
need mere substantial aid and advice. This Is
Just whut PROF. LIVINGSTONE gives you
when you call on him for a flrst-class clalr-
woyant rcadln_. He asks you no questions,
but tells you what you wish to know. -
He does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. . You are acquainted
with the facts In your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the -cause of trouble and
.suggest the remedy.- ¦
Remember the number — 428 EDDT ST.
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 P. m.
ISMAR, the Errptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st, cor. Turk: private readings dally, 10 a.
m. to 5 p. m. : readings by mail as satisfac-
tory as in person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, f5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send postofflce,
Wells-Fargo money order; or registered letter.
A— Miss M. Wllle. 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you caUed for without asking a ques-
tion: names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.'
THE original Romany Gypsies, palmists, clalr-
' voyants, trance mediums. We tell you cor-
rectly what 'you want to know.' 285 Geary
st, and 145 Powell »t.
MIPS ;gUEDEMANN,-1427 '.Washington st.
clairvoyant, business medium; readings dally,
10 to 4:,even!)i_s and Sundays, by appoint-
ment, $1: no signs.
LEARN your fate; have It In ycur. power to
amend It; entire life told from Hrst to last:
the only Hindoo seer. ARAMANCHO, 105
Ellis st. ". ; . ..."... . '. ¦' •
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly-
advlce given on all affairs of. life; satisfac-
tlon guaranteed; 25c up. 17 3d. next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm.;
. has second sight:, a wonderful prophetess-
names: 1. SOc: g. $1.-- 714 Franklln.nr.G.Q.ave
MME. RAVENNA." formerly 5 4th st. reads life:
business advice: names given; readings 50c. I
week. Offices; 835, Howard., bet. 4th arid 5th.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg.palmlst. clairvoyant, card
readenwhen others fall try me; good readings
10c. 721 Franklin, nr.G.G. ave.' TeljLarkin 4207."
MME. -.WALTERS, great card- reader: la. 25c.
-.- gents 50c. 951 Mission st.,: nr. 6th; opea Sun,
i ¦ i
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved ' from 132 to 23Vi 6th; 1. ;25c, g. 50c.
MRS.EBERHARDT— Spiritual test meeting to-
..__ nlghtlOc. '¦: 3250 S2d ; " st.bet.Mlsslon -Valencia.
MMJ3..MARSEAU.: card : reader; ladles 25c;
¦'_¦;. gents 50c ; . hours 10 to 9. 120 Sixth - st.~
MME. LOVONIA, clairvoyant, -palmist — Read-
;•*¦ Ings this V week 25c.' 468 Jessie st; nr. ; Sixth.
OLDEST "lady palmist and card reader In city.'
26J4 ' Kearny, room 20; ' ladles, 25c; ; gents, 00c
CHl'RCU SERVICES.
K1RST rnsbjterian Cfcun-h. Van Ness ave.
anj fcactaiueiilo «<U.— Kev. V. Ilium Uirk
ouihrje. i>actur. taster cervices at 11 a- ni.
tnti J:*5 i>. bi. Tbe pastor will ureach at
lx>th services, tpetial fcnetcr music has l>een
,T.-i-aivvi by tbe choir. _eslist«l by Air. and
Ali-e. J. H. Gwvnn. S_bbath ncnool 12:-W
p. in. fci>ecial liaeter orrvices by an .or-
chestra nt thirty piece*; Otto ifleissner, or-
KimiM afld dlrHjtor. Christian Knaeavor at
•j:1o d. iu. and 0:15 p. m. Wednesday.- 8
j>. pi., reculsr niid-vmck prayer meeting;
Mr. Outline will lecture on "laalah." Kr«-
¦ ti*y ft it. m., monthly meeting of Men's
i tub; subject. ' 'Should FurthtT Restriction
i»e l'lac*»A oa ImruiKratli>a?" All are cor-
•ilally invited. _^___
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
eon aud I-'lllmore sir. — Kev. John HemphilU
I) D iiasior. Morning eervlee ai 11 o'clock;
o\*-ninfc service at 7:45 o'clock. Professor
Hugh »V. Gilchrist will prvach at both serv-
ice*. SabbaUi school _t y :»i> a. m., orches-
tral music. Christian Endeavor meeting at
«>:30 p. in. Prayer meeting Wednesday even-
Ing at 8 o'clock. Sacrament of the Lord's
•upper wilt be admlnistwrd at tbe close of
Uif morning bervlc«. At the evening *erv-
Ict tlu're will be special Kasier music by
the choit\ -
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, cor.
\\cbster a«U Pase ets.— Sermon at 11 a. m.
by Kev. ticrbvrt li- Hays. Tvolc. "Th«
Hteurrectlv.n ani Otm Church." aud at t :4»
i> tn Tonic, ••Ttor Kc&urrectlon and the
individual." Eatter musio. Sunday bcuoo.
at D:U a. m. CSirlstian Endeavor at toiio
p. in. l»rayer mecung every WodnesJay
evening. _
CA1APOBXIA.18TXUSET M?«hodlst Church,
ovr. itrocenck ami Calilvrci- sta.— 1'as-
tor. Ciarrn^ Reed. 11 a. m.. i-ajiier
et-rvlce; social Bt— dsj scrmou by the pas-
lor; topic. "The tasier Vision." /:30 p. ui.,
urcnertrai cun^rrt ender the dlr^-cU^u of
i a_ries j^. Uub«on rT\«nmiae: overture,
"kly 1'rejjurr" tMah 1); cornet «olo, "Thera
Ik a vrr*_i HU1 t'ujr Away tGou-udJ; Dr.
jj. N. cvilenuer iwltii orc_t*tr«.> ; eoprani>
«,3lo, "l»o_tnnan" ««jr_nlfcr>. Miss Louise
amlUi; Election. "Caivarj" (Uoaney>; of-
lertury. -Undal Song" (Uubots), J. H. Hal-
lo»*u, recfiSioi-.al. -March" tliliet). At 3
It. ni. t»»e J_inual Ea»ter extTClses will b«
jjiven by th& school. All welcome.
_KACt; MethoJlst _p»scop_i Church, or.
i'» cntf-dn fl — od C*yt> fcis. — F. M. Larkin,
iti.iJ.. taiiior; resiaauce, olOS Tweniy-crbt
*trtci. _s— iiT «ervn-is, 11 a. tn. Sermon,
•rue Victory of Ueatii." fc<lowed b> fcua-
day Sclitwl service. "The Gates of Gold."
'• :«5 ;.. at.. Eafcter chor_t service, including
uui'.sid'b "KeBui— ect:oa According to rit
John." Kull ci.i.rue assisted by eoiolsta. .
L.M1AK1AN Church iKlrst), SW. cor. G««ry
and l-"ra.nkl!n tte.. H«v. Uradtord Leavitt.
u::niBt«-r, Kev. liraiiiora Leavltt and Kev.
C rtuess, euperinteadents of Suuday-bchool —
s Junior c£— I— i *r.d bunday-scliuoi Hre at 10
o'i'iook; frunday Is at 11 o'clock. Mr.
_e«viu wul pre-ch an lister lenucn. An
_u«t-enuai ch^ir wul ting me c— Dia.t_ "Eas-
ier X*.de ' and other t yt- >-.ai music, under the
uneci:on ol 11. BrethericX, organist. All are
curaiaiiy levxted. 'l'oei°e is nu evening ser-
vice.
UNITARIAN CburcH cor. IHrentieth
aud UBSW sts. uake Mission or V_i«ncl&-si.
.«:) — Une Kev. Jajr \\ Wiiuiu Hudson, tu":-
lsier; r«i:dence. JoO Casu.' «l- 'X'ae eun_»J-
t-cliool i:H.-etai at »:45 o d'jck; W. C. _La_ -
well, M;^«rr«iiteiident. Al li»e ej>eclal £_bter
macxtet at 11 i»'c!u»-k the Kev. Jui William
¦ duaaoa «_! an—udk. bubjtct "Vision* pC
ihe n-radi L.ie." Kvemn_ lecture _t 7:45
u'clocfc. touhjrot. "Tfc8 Ohurcli aiid the
t>mge." Easier ii:usic by orchtetra and choir,
'" unuer the direction ol J— bisii C lenient. Alt
tne seats, ere tree.
F1KST Cong:reE«ition*l c'huich. corner Post
ana Mason »ia. — Kev. Oeorse C. Adams, D.
U., i>ailor. _*ster servici:*. At 11 a. ra.,
s?rnioa by ihe pa^tJr. 'lupic, ".Bringing tho
Sjiiees \\ hich 'ih«y Had iTepartd." Special
l^ubter niUhic by tae clioir, Mimjcl D. .May-
er, urxanist &:.i uireclor. At i :4a p. m.. a:i
taaler Jtn^ht Templar service. Golden Gate
command try S<u. lo, Kr.igf.i Teinplar, will
,. attend. bsrtnon by the j>&iitor. 'lopic, "It
Christ lie Not itlsea." Ail are cordially
invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregaticaial Church, Post 6t,
n<rar \\ ebster — «ev. 1. C Mese— .e, 1). !>.,
pastor. l_Lsier bervicea at 11 a. iu. and 7:45
l>. m. At th«!" nii'mlne service *everai per- ,
s.;ne will L-- r . •>.•¦! vi u into the fellowship of
tfce cl.urch and the communion will be cele- ;
l-rairt. In tbe evening the pastor will
pleach or> Easter theme. The choir will
render m^rtoriate music ooth morning and
evening. David Manlloyd will sing a tenor
wjIo in the morning and Miss Dorothy Good- |
oell a ;.¦;.*::¦. solo In tbe evening. Sunday- '
ech-K'l _i y:3<> a. ni. Christian Endeavor j
meeting at <»:45 p. m.
TKIN1TY Ctmrch. Bnsb and Gough sts.—
Ea*ter >iay ho!> communion, 7, \i and 11
a. m. MartliCS service, 11 oclcck. Evening
s.rvice, S o'clock. Knmhts Ttrrolars. Ouh-
forr.iA Comman'icrj- No. 1, will worship in
T. Ir.ity tt thia service. Sermon by Rev. ,
1 redbrick \V . clampett.
WTBST Baptist «.Tiurch. Eddy et. near Jones —
Rev. I.. J J . IJ-jf-Bell ¦_] preach; topic 11 a.
n».. '"i"l.e Histuric _a»>ier"; 7:3u p. m. t "Man
Oreater Than Circumstances." Bible school
12::Ju r>. m. ; Christian Endeavor <S:30 p. m.;
conuiiunion _t close of morning ser\'lce;
prayer nitetln* Wed— rscay, 7:4i p. m. All
we'eorne. free.
FIRST Church cf Chrirt, Scientist. ' Central
block. ±23 Suiter Bt, bet. Keamy and Grant
aw. — Christian Science service at 11 a. ra. ;
subju.-t of lesson-iferuion. "Ar» Sin, Disease
and Dt-ath Rtal?" tsundar school for ciiil-
CrCfl at ihe eame hour; Wednesday evening
rrfeting tit S o'clock: free rtadiUB-room. l't<ti
Krarny st.. rooms 5C0-510; all are welcome.
IHE 1 'eerie' s Church meets every Sunday
evenlnr at s o'clock In Elk** Hall, _S Sutter
et. Bubjeet this evening. "After Death —
What?" Partor. Mrs. Anna I_ GHlesple,
residence 11«>1 O'Farrell et
CHUXtCH cf trie New Thought — Service* In
Franklin HeJi. Killmore tt., between Sutter
— nd Hush. evcr>- Surday evening, beginning
at & o'clock. Thin ev.ning Iiev. Henry Vic-
tor Monran will speak. Subject "An In-
fallible Cure tor I.*nlia;i]iincr5." Social hour
• a». c!w of lecture. .Strancers cordially in-
vitwi to Httcnrt our e*rvices.
A OHEAT union mst.5s-meeting for men to-day
at 3 «.'«-!ock at th«- Young Men's ChriFtian
Association Auditorium, Mason and ISllis
«s.— A practical talk by H. J. McCoy. Illus-
trated by a r.urr;ber of beautiful dlgrolving
Mtv.f. BCbJed. 'Tht Matchless Life." The
l>ad!e*' Quartrt wl!l «injc tnd the Robson Or-
< h^ytra \vi!I furnish ln?iru— lental mui»ic. An
Informal nptpUtm ?.nd c-ollatlon. with Bible
stady for young men. will fallow the address.
'. All Feats tn the hall free to younp men.
e::njauin w. ward. rvmnzeUst. wiii
:>.-.ach at the Jerry McAuIey Mission, 824
? H-.»ard Et.. =t 7:45 p, m. and <«very night
• est-ept t-:amrda>) durlr.B the veek. Special
»dilr<>KK every Sunday a:ternocn at 3 o'clock.
H«r.r him. Mr. \'.'ard is one of the most
«-irir<i nn>!» teachers In the United States.
All Invited.
"TliK TbeoBophlcal fiociety— <Jolonel. H. S. Oi-
. cott. i resldrr.t-founcJer. Headquarters. Acad.
*my of tv!c.-ioe5 Imlldinp. Public lecture st
S r- m. in main hall by Thomas 1'rime. Sub-
;»ct. "The Hiirn or the Cross." Lotus Grous
. 11 a. ni. Study cla»«. Thursday. 2:00 p. m.
THE Th*o*ophie£! Society. Golden Gate
I»dse — Frt public lecture* ever}' Sunday. 8
?>. m.. Odd Fellow*' building. Subject to-
n!rht. "If t>. Man Die Shall He Live
Arwln?" b:- nn !'. T. S. ' '. ';-
MEETI.1GS— SliXDAi;
rsOVESSOB FRED P. EVANS~th«~famous
re>'»'hlc. known throughout the occult world
en tli» peer of «!ate writer*; Int'en-lews daily
on ell F-jbji'cts cf Interest; business, nocial or
•iilrllual. Offk-A 1112 Eddy st. near Octavia;
phone tv:ott SS7; send stscip for circular.
*BY5IPO:'Il'M — Addre«sef! on "What I Know of
Ul'p Aflc-r Oeath Kroni Science." by W C
IJailpy. M. IK. Ph. D. : "From Eplrituallsm"
t»- Mr*. It. 8. Llllle: Franklin Hall. Flllmor-.
brt Bufh and Sutler; S:30 p. m.: all Invited.
TO-NIGHT. WO Market, inspirational lecture by
Prof. A. \V. Wilson. "Modem SplritualNm
th* Nff<t r>r llsr.kind." follow^ by teeta; Mr
J. W. Wilson. Dr. Cowan: 10c. .
Al.i- fkoptlt— ir.vlted to witness Mme. Youtwj's
P^nulnc ppirit mesfafey to-n'.ght: 10c. Mrs.
Sr-al Irrtuie. U» McAllister: reading* daily.
tV. G. KERGAN hold* test seances every night
>xcf>pt Sat: Hk-; sit. 10 to 5. 14« Sixth st.
SPIRITITAL t»*t roadln^K. 7:45; Scottish HallT
Larkin st. What'* coming to you this year?
MRS. HARLANO. Eaeter tent meeting to^
night. ICc. its g'rth. Readings. 60c, $1 00.
Friendship Hall. ."-» McAl!i«er— Tests 'to all.
30c: reading* daily. Mr-. Meyer and others.
M.VF,. VTGAR'S spiritual t»«t mwtln^ to-night
10r; «ltt;r.gs daily. 148 Sixth st
srvn \ v t.^cTTKas]
DR. JOHN A.- K nnQA.VB free l«>cture this
evening. Crj-rtal Hall. Pythian Castle 1M»
Market st. Subject. "The Mskrng of Blood,"
followed by rlews of the world's great Ca-
thedrals: free tickets will he duttributed fcr
X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium Tues. even-
ing; remember question box; special music.
O N. ORLOW — Lerlure this (Sunday) evening
In Golden Gate (upper) Hall, 623 Putter st.
° At 8 o'clock, with the subject presenting
"The Process of Mind Reading."
Instrumental and vocal music. Admission free
AKTHI.'R MORROW LEWIS will lecture Tues-
day. S p. m.. Turk-st Temple, 117 Turk st..
"The Socialist Bible"; singing by German
rna«;nnerchor; free. 4
I^CNA MORROW LEWIS— Odd Fellows' bldg..
* p. . m. : subject "Science of Language";
instructive and entertaining: admlcslon 10c.
PROGRESSIVE^ Spiritualists to-right. Odd
Fellows" building. Seventh _cd Market sts.;
Mrs.- K. S. Ullle,- epcaker. .
j MEETING NOTICES.
I CALIFORNIA C"ommandery No. 1, K. 1 jg_-
: J T.— Sir Knichts will assemble In the TW" 1
asylum THIS (SUNDAY) EVENING E3 '
¦ at 7:15 o'clock and proceed via Sutter-
i st cars to Trinity Church for Eester
1 service. THOMAS H. BROWNE. Com.
' T. L. HENDERSON. Recorder.
¦ A SPECIAL meeting of Yerba Buena \ I
! Chapter. Knights Roae Crolx No 1. ,JQK_J
• In Commandery Hall. Masonlo TFj
Temple, Easter SUNDAY at 3:30 V}
o'clock d. m. Oremony of Re« R
1 lighting the Llchts. I
HENRY BURNER, Secretary. w
• MEMBERS of Redwood: —
("amj) No. 9L W. O. W., ¦ tfg?./ r * T?= _l
tskn notice That the re- vj&»^J»* T4f?\
; main* of our lute nel«:h- f^f^^Jr/abi^ni
bor. PAUL BROCK, are JaSiflSiTiilBi *f
lying at the chapel of *¦" ,
Undertaker C. H. J. Truman. 1903 Mission
t st, where the body can be viewed for a few
days; It will then be taken East for inter-
i rnent rrat.
: FKED G. GELATTE, Con. Com.
J. N. BARCEL, Clerk. ¦_*
OFFICERS and members of _*"T_>»w
the Scandinavian Society — j^*}j_ToyS.
You are requertfd to asjrra- />!V5^k£^vc\
bJe at the undertaking per- |_>/ff^ YfkifA
L>r of Crais. Coi-hran & Co.. lifS^tf^-SM-q
<2!t Golden Gate ave.. TO- \o\TrisK?Sa^7
DAY (SUNDAY). April 3, at V^^SaS^/
2 p. m.. to attend the funeral. \^0/SrieKJ'
of our !«te brother, C. F. >st££S>^
M1CHALD. By order of
CHAS. PLAMBECK. President.
CARL HAGSTROM, Secretary.
TO the officers and members of the j-~
Rlggrrs* and Stevedores* Union, _m£
I,ocal 2-22 of the I. L. M. and T. A.. j*K_
notice — The rerular meeting of th«
rnlon will take place at our new \C«_F
h«U. 1"1 New Montgomery ft.. bK^S?.
MONDAY. Arrtl 4. 1904. ot 8 p. ra. «S*53
sharp. By order of
THOMAS F. BRYANT, President
HENRY JX3ND, Rec. Cor. Sec.
DINNA forget— The thirty-eighth y >, '
annual gathering and games of the Z>» Eku'Z
Caledonian Club will be held at '"W^E**
Shell Mound Tark. Berkeley, on
MONDAY. May 30. Splendid programme ot
sports and dances.
A SPECIAL meeting of the United Brotherhood
of Railway Employes' Benefit Department
will be held nt 22T> Parrott building. San FTan-
ciscoi 10 a. in.. MONDAY. May 2, 1904, for
the transaction of such business as may come
before It FRED J. HALTON, S-eretary.
March 19. 19^ « y
SPECIAL raeetlnr U U. No. 19 of Painters.
! B. B. Hall, 121 Eddy st. MONDAY. April 4,
at S p. m. M. P. CARRICK and JOS. C. S.
KEMP will be present.
NOTICE of stockholders' meeting of the Unlte-3.
Crude Oil Company (a corporation) — A stock-
holders' meeting will be held at the com-
pany's office, room 418 Parrott building. San
Francisco. Cal.. on WEDNESDAY. April IS.
l»04, at 12 o'clock noon, for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year and for the transaction of such
ether business as may be properly brought
before tbe above meeting.
L. WOODBURY Secretary.
FOR rest — Tb-. assembly hall, parlors and ban-
quet-room In the Pioneer building, 5 Pioneer
place, fcr balls, parties, lectures and enter-
' tainments. They have b*en recently mod-
ernized and refitted at a larce expense, and
are now open for Inspection.
i ~~~~*~~~*~~~"~~~~ — — — —^ ————-—)
j AGENTS WANTED. .
! AGENTS wanted; either sex; no canvassing;
! no Foiicititig; no time from your regular oc-
cupation: no one will know you are ray rep.
rewntatlve; no capital, outfit or experience
needed; easy, parmanent. honorable and
; prcfit&ble work that ran be done at home.
! Ad. J. W. KIIJD. key 5025. Fort Wayne. Ind.
j WANTED — Ladles or —entleroen at once; guar-
anteed salary. $75 to $100 per month and ex-
penses, and in addition chance to go to St
Louis World's Fair free; enclose stamp for
r-'ply: will be here until April 7. S. A.
MOTT, 873 Market st, r. 81. San Francisco.
! WANTED — Agents to sell splendid article to
housekeepers: all want It;* one agent made
| SHX> in ten days In October; only reliable, in-
¦ duftrious agenta need apply; new article;
ready seller; big commissions. Address
JUBILEE IRON CO.. Omaha, Nebr.. 1503.
; THE zreatest money-maker ever Invented: a
household necessity that sells In the same
territory over and over a&ain; millions Trill be
sold; costs 10c. «*l!s for SOc; send 10c to-day
I for iemonstratins samples and pertlculars.
Yosemlte Mfg. Co., Station A.. S. F.
AGENTS make S25 to tlCO per week present-
ing Investment pa j Ing 3 per cent weekly
dividends; no diamond contracts, mining
scheme or turf proposition. Call or address
W. S. MORRILL. mO-Sll Parrott bl<ig. S. F.
CHANCE OF A LIFETIME— rTo on« man only
in each State with few hundred dollars and
reference; monopoly of legitimate business;
enormous profits; highest indorsements.
HULL. 154 East Twenty-third st. N. Y.
BEGIN business for yourself: stop working for
others; we start you In profitable mail-order
business at your home; immense profits. Full
information for stamp, FRANKLIN-HOW-
ARD CO.. Denver, Colo.
WANTED — Catholic women to travel or rep-
resent a reliable coo°ra:iun at home; sal-
: ary and commission; must give references.
i Address General Manager, box 5SS. Clncln-
ratl. Ohio.
j WANTED — Organize— »: good. experienced
workers can receive first -els sa pay; we want
producer*: no others need apply- A. P.
T'JGWELL. Order of Pendo, 453 Kearny st.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that Is
a decided improvement on building and loan
is wortii r.a*-inK. Gr*>at 'Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott bulldinc
j CANVASST-JRS — Lidles or gentlemen of good
| address and appearance. In the city or coun-
i try; an ea?y seller; gocd income to right
people. Factory. 3346 22d st
EXPERIENCED city Filrimu to represent
local corporatlo::. 9 Columbian bid., 016 Mkt
NATURAL diamonds puzzle exr>erts; stand
everv test: write to-day for pocket outfit; we
win «art you. The CHAPMAN-TOWER CO.,
Oneirta. N. Y.
WANTED — Flrst-class agents to represent a
manufacturing company: uffice hours 10 to 12
a. in. Apply at 3 Hardle place, room 5. third
floor.
FOR No-Rub Silvrr Polirh — Cleans silver, gold-
j ware, etc.. without rubbing; newest, quickest
seller: liberal proposition. Box 10T1. Call.
IN each county lo cell "Family Memorials":
M5od profit; steady work. CAMPBELL &
CO.. 191 A St.. niirin. 111.
GOOD live agents can make big money selling
staple goods; no bocks; call 8 to 9 a. m.
509 Market st
WANTED — Circular distributers; cash paid;
send stamp. American Distributer. Denver.
WIDE awake agents, ladles or gentlemen;
good commission. Starr King bldg., r. 227.
LOCK — Agents $40 to $80 per mo; expenses or
comm.;no catch; sure thing. Box 1073 Call.
AGENTS. and canvassers can make easy money.
Call on LINOBERG Jt CLAYBURGH.421 Mkt.
i WANTED — Lady agents; big commission.
Unique Mfg. Co.. 21% Polk st.
I ' -
; AnVERTISEMEKT WEI'i'lSO,
HAVING recently aequlred through exchange
I of property three $40 scholarships In the best
College of Advertlslnr tn the United States.
I will i>*ll them at "5 per cent discount for
rash: th» collere teaches advertising Writ-
ing by corretpondence end aeslsts Its grad-
uates lo cecure position*; catalorufs fur-
nirh*d on ai'pllrntlcn. Address box 3026. Call.
ASTROLOGY.
CONSULT ASTOR, famous New York astrol-
oger; a scientific man. *997 Market, cor. 6th.
ATTORNEY5-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a email fa*.
Eee ire end rave money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNKY-AT-LAW.
Ett&bllsbed 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 _ 6. 1st fl.
J122 Market »t, between Mason and Taylcr.
ACvlce It** all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorn*y-at-Law. Exam. bldg..
Cth Cocr. entrance room 611; established 20
years; all cases, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation: '
evenings by appointment Tel. Red. 3061.
DIVORCE $12: quick; quiet; advice free. Law
and Collection office, 1023 Market st., room
2. bet t'th and 7th; office hours 11 to 4:30.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity; advice
?r»e; costs fl_ Address B.A.S.. P.O.box 2199.
DIVORCE — Coats. (12: quick. < qnlet; advie*
free; cpen evenings. 827 Market st. rm. 301.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market et: consultaUom
Tr*e: no fees in advance: ©pen evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
WILL pay a reasonable price for a second-
hand automobile:, must l>e. In first-class run-
ning order. Addrnrs box 4049. CaU -office. •-
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
AN Infant or small child will, be riven perfect
. car*: $10 per month. MRS. RHODA CAR-
STEED, 163 Twcnjy-flfth ave,; phone Geary
2013. .-.,... v . ¦:. .
COTTAGES TO LET.
COR. Dolores ' and Cumberiand." near 20th —
Call for demonstration Tel. Jessie 3606.
_ _____ : BUSINESS
A $2000 DRUSTORE dose to Call building;
cstab. 18 years; well paying; value tn stock;
a very rare chance for good druggist. See
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny at. •
A— $3000— CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg;
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this Is one of
the best saloon locations In this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKB. 26% Kearny st. .
A— $S00— ROADHOUSE, with 'dance hall, club
and living rooms; rent. $40; eltctrlo light In-
cluded; 6 yearn" lease. Call R. O. WILKE.
26 Vi Kearny st. '
A— $1000; SALOON and liquor, store on Sixth
St.; rent $50; business O K. but owner Is en-
gaged in other business; must sell at once.
R. G. WILKB, 26^ Kearny st. ¦
A— $4500; COFFEE, tea and crockery store; on*
of the leading businesses of this kind and in
choicest location In this city; rent $65; all
! cash trade; stock will Invoice $4000; a very
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26ft
Keamy st. -¦
A— $1300— CORNER cigar stand on Kearuy;
rent $S3: leas*; a good business; come and
' investigate. R. Q. WILKE. 26jj Kearny st.
Al BLOCK of land, 300x300. in San Leandro
with house of 4 rooms; Income $400 per
year trom fruit: wiU exchange for dairy
ranch. Call R. G. WILKE. 2«K Kearny st.
A— Ji'OtO— SALOON In wholesale district; rent
$60; place established many years and good
paying. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^j Kearny st.
A— $4000— CORNER grocery and bar oa Larkla
tCT^ doing a fine cash business; value in
sight; fresh stock; no better location in this
city. Bee R. Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $2000 — COFFEE saloon and restaurant oa
waterfront, close tc Market st.; place estab-
lished years and well paying; daily receipts
about $C0. Call R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $1100— SALOON, with 3 rooms; close to
Keamy and Bush sts; rent $75; lease: place
easily clears $200 per month: nice fixtures,
choicest stock of liquors. All particulars of
r R. G. WILKE, 26% Ktarny st.
A— $1100— DELICATESSEN and dairy produce
store; rest $44); dally receipts 945; plac*
clearing about $175 per month. R. G.
WILKE. 2C% Ke-rny st.
A — $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar on
O'FarTell St.; place kept by present owners
8 years and doing a good paying cash bust-
nest; fresh stock; value in. night. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ¦
A— $650- CORNER bakery, with 4 living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of Market st. :
will be sacrificed If sold at once; owners to
loave city. Call R. G.- WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A^fOCOO— CORNER saloon with 5 years' lease;
clcfe to Flood building; this Is the choicest
location In this city and a first-class paying
business.. Seo R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — J75O — CANDY stora and Ice cream parlors,
with stationery, etc.. on Devtsadero St.; 3
living rooms; a. splendid location and good
business. See R. G. WILKE. 20% Kesrny.
A— $3090; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
sL; rent $40; lease; 3 hones, 6 wagons; busi-
ness estab. years; Investigate at onc«; a rax*.
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at.
A— 41450: COR.- saloon with 4 rooms and bath;
rent $50; lease; a flrst-class paying place In
choicest location: $150 per month clear guar-
anteed. R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. ;
A — $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery in
choicest location; rent $80; dally receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny SU . ¦ ¦¦ ¦ .
A^-$S50: CORNER cigar stand, close to Mar-
ket and Stockton sts.; rent $75; a splendid
location and rare business chance. See R.
Q. WILKE. 20% Kearny it. . ,
BUY ginseng- certificates; we Issue ginseng
I certificates on our rinseng farm, where we
I grow acres of ginseng, the wonderful money-
maker; profit $.10,000 to the acre; absolutely
. safe; crcp is 6ure: "certificates double In i
• valu« yearly: better than gold bonds; lllus- ,
! trated book with full particulars free.* F. B.
! Mills, Seedsman, box 300, Rose Hill, N. Y.
| ;
I STOCK or bond issue of reputable corporation,
mining -or Industrial, wanted: have every
facility for selllnc same on commission. Ad-
dress P. O. box 1403, New York City.
DON'T work for otbern: be boss; start mall-
! order business: we help you: plan and cata-
; logue for stamn. CENTRAL SUPPLY
i COMPANY. Kansas City. Mo. i
j SPLENDID WEEKLY DIVIDENDS.
; Earned on accounts of $25 and upwards; our
j handsome free booklet reveals the chance of
a lifetime to co-operate with a ¦ perfectly
sound. legitimate enterprise of unusual merit;
absolute safety of principal guaranteed; ref-
erences; write at once for particulars. BALD-
WIN & CO., Mail and Express building.
New York. • v
j MY system picked nineteen winners at New
i Orleans and seventeen at Oakland In six j
I days: you can beato horse races every day
: with F.mall capital; send stamped envelope for
i prospectus. W. A. L.. box 243, Cranford. N.J.
! GOOD hotel in northern part of California to
Jease for a term of years; everything In good ,
running order. | Address for particulars, box
41 1». Call office. -J -• -, :
DAIRY In northern part of State for sale:
everything complete and has a good trade;
will allow 15 days' trial for full investiga-
tion. Particulars box 4144. Call office.
I WILL sell ray half Interest In a well es-
tablished dyeing and cleaning works, as
I other business calls me away. Address for
! particulars, box 4069. Call office. j
' WANTED — A partner with about $2000 In a [
i manufacturing concern; an article that has I
' a good demand on the market. Address box
i 4m - Cal1 ° fflce -
HAY and grain business for sale; well estab-
lished; good trade; will sell reasonable; a
good opening for a live man; don't expect
anything for good will. Box 4219. Call.
AN old established delicacy store on a busl-
. ness street and near Market: a splendid trade !
and clearing $175 per month over expenses. :
j Box 42C9. Call office.
! FOR SALE — General merchandise store in
! California mining town; a good locality; a
good stock and the best trade of the town.
j Address box 4059. Call office.
I FOR SALE— A well equipped Iron foundry;
I email cash payment, balance on easy pay-
ments; a splendid chance for the right par- ,
• ties. Box 1126, CaU office.
MUST be sold at once; a first-class parlor and
sporting house: 10 rooms and dance hall:
owner groin? East. 'Address box 1105, Call
office, San Francisco.
j FOR sale — General merchandise store at In- |
voice; a great bargain. See PENNELL-
j SUYDAM CO.. 16 Soear St., S. F.
', MANUFACTURING business, would like to
' enlarge therefore will take a good working
partner with some cash. Box 4231. Call.
CIGAR stand on Montgomery st. for sale; close
to Market st. : a good business stand; must
i sell. Box 40C7. Call office. .
(WANTED — A delicacy store" with an estab-
' lished trade: will pay cashi Address box
i 4057. Call office. ¦ ¦
¦ BRANCH baker}', stationery and notion store,
j wtth 3 furnished rooms: will sell with or
| without furniture. 4102 19th st., nr. Castro.
! DELICATESSEN store— 3 living rooms: sac-:
j 'rtfice if sold at once; leaving city. Box 1016,
] Call office.
I WILL invest smnll caoltal and services in
i established profitable cash business. Box
j - 1200. Call office. _
$300— PLEASANT, profitable, legitimate busi-
ness. See JAMES MORSE, 632 Market st..
room 5. • ' ¦.. :
BHOB store for sale. 44 Sixth st. ' "
CIGAR store and billiard hall for eale cheap.
155 Seventh st. , ; ¦ .
WANTED — A grocery and bar; state location,
etc. Box 4022. Call office.
$G00 — BA RG AIN : office business - paying $100
monthly; would trade for - small - rooming-
house. 33 Mason sf., room 3.
$200 TO-DAY secures business paying (90
month; business. easy to learn. 33 Mason.
FOR sale — Boarding-house, established 4 years;
I 15 rooms; . large- yard; . 20 beds; rent , $40:
steady boarders: chance for Increase; .snap
for man and wife. 323 First st. -
MODERN restaurant and cafe; one block from
J Powell and Market sts: nine-year lease and
' reasonable rent. -Box 1116, Call office.'
IFOR sale — Cigar-store, with clubrooms; ,cen-
. trally located on K St.. Sacramento: estab-
lished ten years. . Address O. K., box; 182.
; Sacramento. '¦' ',^-C . / ' •-¦-*:;
' A GOOD paying livery stable; investigation In-
vited? Inquire LandgrafTs Villa, Mill Val-
ley, Marin County. Cal.
RESTAURANT and delicfcteesen store, 3 liv-
ing rooms; yard; rent $20; lease: clear* $150;
cheap if cold. by April 15. .2831 Mission st.
ANTIQUARIAN \ Bookstore,- 647 Washington;
. ¦ entire stock for sale, as a whole or In part,
at a sacrifice; premises be vacated at once.
SAIOON for sale cheap. . 1535 Castro st,
cor. Clipper. ¦ ¦¦ ¦
«65 — COFFEE housV: rent $5 per month; i <Jne
chance In lifetime. 732% Montgomery st .
FOR sale— Oskland planing mill; good loca-
- tlon. 752 Franklin st. Oakland. ,
FOR eale— The Perfume Palace, 775 Market st.
SALOON. - paying $400 monthly: cheap If sold
• at once.. Box 4214, Oakland office. Call. ' ' ;
FOR sale— Half interest^ In wood.C cos.1/ hay
and grain; business; bargain. Bex 4212, Call.
CORNER saloon; must be sold. Apply Metro-
politan Liquor Co., 714 Folsom st. ,
BUSINESS CHANCES-— Conttnned.
A— STRANGERS, ATTENTION! "
. Are you looking ' for a ' safe and " profitable
business opening In San Francisco? If : so,
we can offer you' any number - requiring an
Investment from $100 to, $50, 000; every busi-
ness .opportunity that, passes through our
office must stand the ' closest investigation,
and we can place you In a store, factory,
. hotel, mill, -office -or. In' fact, any. business
you may prefer. Kindly call and Investigate.
OERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION.;
Do you desire to enlarge your business or do
you desire additional capital? If so." we can
furnish you with an active or silent partner
who will -invest from $100 to $50,000; we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. '927 Market st.
A— .- $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any. person ever 'lost a dollar who Invested
any money through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
. Incorporated under the laws of California.
¦ Capital Stock. $30,000. >
927 Market st.. rooms 321. 322. 323, 324.x
• , A GOOD OPENING .
For a young „ man who can Invest $500 In a
high-class . real estate office and . fill posi-
. tlon of cashier; experience not necessary; In-
vestment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market St.
:;¦ . 'HOTEL FOR SALE.
Isew and modern; 80 rooms; richly furnl6hedr
complete and ready'for occupancy; large dln-
. Ing-room with 16 tables and Imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can; buy
throughout: finest linen: best silver service;
10 years' lease: price, $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
'- A SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 cash and service secure Interest and of-
fice of treasurer In an Incorporated realty and
Investment company; $150 monthly assured;
highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
rlch-qulck" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August. 1004.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— TAILORING AND HABERDASHERY"
A first-class, tailor or gentleman . familiar
with gents' furnishing goods can secure a
partnership In one of the leading stores In
San Francisco: about $5000 cash required.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market St.
A— BARBER SHOP '
For sale; 4-chalr shop; centrally located and
good, established trade; sickness of owner
compels sacrifice of -Immediate sale.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 027 Market st.
A— LIVERY BUSINESS.
Wanted, man with S4000 cash to take Interest
in stable established 10 years; $200 monthly.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market St.
A. CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
~ 3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all ktnds of business chances.
¦ - - . ¦ i
Oyster and chop houees $350 to $1000
Candy and Icecream parlors. $200 to $2500
Barber shop , $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500-to $3000 j
Saloons . : $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $2rt,fKW)
Fruit and vegetable stores .$300 to $1000'
Drug stores .$2000 to SOOOO j
IXllcatessen stores $250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine location fcr drug store; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $00;
business already established: with G rooms
and bath in rear; elegantly furnished
.throughout: everything: complete ¦ for house-
keeping ot the best quality; price $1800.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
TOR nale or trade— Quarts raines; fine prospect;
located in Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg-house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves; 38-room hotel; all furnished and
equipped for business; 20 acres land goes
with lease; raise, own hay, vegetables; all
kinds fruit; rent S500 per year; equity- in
this $2500; death In family cause of sale.
pAMEROX iz. CO.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent: receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy St.
FOR sale — Ladies' furnishing and fancy goods
¦¦ business; cheap rent; well located; estab-
lished 12 years: will Invoice $8000; sickness.
CAMERON & CO. . •
I HAVE many calls for business places In this
city and across v the bay; also for country
places, chicken ranches, and in fact ranches
of all kinds. Any one that would like to dis-
pose of his property will profit by listing
with H. DOYLE, 1023 Market' St., * S. F.
$10.000 — FINE hotel In the city containing 68
rooms; 12 private suites-, with bath connect-
ed: eteam heat, electric lights and. elevator;
payment ran.be arranged to suit buyer, and
Is a paying proposition. II. DOYLE, 1023
Market st. ... . . ; : ¦ \
A — OYSTER and chop house; 14 -tables; pri- !
vate rooms, connected on Cd floor; elegant
bargain; paying business; must be sold: good
locality; established 20 years. H. DOYLE,
1023 Market et., above Sixth. .. ,
! ; . , |
$725-^-SALOON and cigar stand: good location:
stock and fixtures; living rooms. BROOK-
BANK, 917 Market sU ;
$375— SALOON, 4th st. location; nice fixtures
and stock. BROOKBANK. 017 Market st.
$700 — CANDY and j io^-renm parlor: money
maker; rent $1S; everything complete; fine
locality: grand opportunity. Particulars
1007% Market St.. room 1.
CIGAR stand; Kearny st.; doing a fine busi-
ness: cheap If sold at "once: account old age.
Inquire 1007}fc Market st.. room 1. ;
$3fjD BUYS half -Interest in established office
Ad commission business clearing to each
$125 monthly: experience not required: must
give references; bona-flde offer. Particulars
at 1007>/i Market at., room 1. -
GRASP this opportunity; livery and boarding j
stable doing a flourishing business: clearing |
$400 monthly; will bear Investigation: first-
class location. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
CORPORATION controlling business est. 18G3.
desires energetfe, experienced business man
who can furnish unquestionable references,
to take management branch office: salary
$2500 per annum. Address .Supt., Box 536, j
Madison, Wisconsin. • j
FOR sale — Grocery, bar and' fruit stand; one
of the best In the city: sales over $70 per
d*.y Ruaranteed; will -Bell, reasonable; good
reason for retiring. For particulars apply
to. Uox 1070. Call office.
CHANCE of a Hfnlme to get an endowment
policy with ruaranteed life annuity; one' of
the oldest eomnitnles: 85k for sr>ecial rates.
Address Annuity, box 40.T8. Call office.
PATENT article; principal feature great ad-
vertising medium: will exchange 50.000 with
right to California" for unimproved land; this
' Is a snap; owner going to Europe. P. O. box
162. Oakland.
RESTAURA NT, and 25 rooms fully, furnished,
clearing $180 month; lease 5 years; V4 cash:
balance own terms; trial given; owner going
to Europe. Box 118t. Call. ..
WANTED — Man to take charge of salmon can'-
nery;. must have some money and experience.
Call or address R. R. P. & N. Co.; 28
California ot. -
WANTED — A captain and engineer for steam
schooner; must have ¦ money to Invest In
same. Call or address R. R. P. &.N. Co.,
2S California st.
WANTED— Young or old man to, invest $100;
security: remuneration according to capital
and ability employed. , Call or address Paint
Store. 1034 Mnrket st.
FIRST-CLASS ShoemakinK and repairing shop
for sale; In good location ; close , ¦ to two
.cirhouses. 6 Twenty-ninth St., near Mission.'
DELICACY store i for eale; In good location;
Rood stock; must be sold on account of sick-
ness; price $75. Apply 2507, Folsom, nr. 21st.
WANTED — Rooming < houses, saloons, : barber
<shop&, or any -business having cash buyers,
rm. 80S Mutual Bank. bldg. ¦ Money to loan.
A PROSPEROUS dressmaking, business ; for
naif in Starr King ¦'¦ building; reasons, 111
health. Address box 11C5,, Call office. -
AN old and well established 'business for. sale:
• splendid location.* Interested parties may ad-
dress P. O. box 229. Oakland, Cal;, " '
$400 — A GOOD paying * stationery ¦ and ¦ notion
business; must be sold at once. Call Branch,
639 McAllister st. --:.- '¦.* - V "
SALOON on Market St.: lease; bargain; $1300.
J. E. TETLOW, 850 Market ' St., > room 14. c
"WANT, to sell .corner saloon: $25C0; transient
. trade. Address , box • 1134, Call | office. . ; • « f
CITY real estate worth $2000 to ' exchange for
.' paying business. uBoi 1137. Call office. - .¦-->•:
PARTNER • with '- $1000; v carpenter * "or ¦. man
| i handy, with tools preferred." ::, Box; 1064,- Call.'
LAUNDRY route ; I wagron pays I $100 1 monthly;
must sell. Box 1081.' Call of flee. : : ' ¦
'HALF interest old established real estate office
In Berkeley. .: P.- O.i box j 162, Oakland. .;
$250— BRANCH .bakery and restaurant; j rent
$25; water free.- 414 Joneast. ".':
$325^-BAKERY and ! restaurant ; £ paying « well.
Address A. . L. , HALE.' North ; Berkeley. . :
RESTAURANT-: Xor Bale; : If i sold * at once for
1175; ; owner; will' retire. - 1837 - Union st.
'". CLAIRVOYAXTS— Con tinned.
ASSURED, success for you,
: Call at occe and savs $4.
His famous $3 reading this week for
• % i $1 $i «i n ¦ n ¦ • *i ti
No charge ~ charge
Unless you obtain the ! Information for
which you consult him. .
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
' palmist aver in San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge if I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for: I tell you if
husband, wife or lover is true or false; who
land when you will marry; bow to gain the love
of the one you desire; "In fact," I will tell you
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself: hla advice is reliable, his pow-
ers are wonderful and indisputable; he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vl_or. health, happiness and capacity *? « a "»
wealth; the controlling power Implanted In
ycur nature, so you can change the Intentions,
actions or habits of any one secretly; cures
disease andUost vitality; glyes advice on i min-
ing and buried treasures; gives you success In
life; he guarantees you succeas or charges
nothing for his services. l'»_-_
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 3 to 8.
326— O'Farrell street— S26.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts:
rea.Ungs daily: not open Sunday. 917 Market.
MRS BAUMANN the well-known fortuns-
teller. la now at 317 Ellis st. .
MRS. EHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader: slt-
tlngii dally. 448% Jessie st-.^bet. 5th andgth.
. ooLiECTio" orymnB.
BAD ten-nts ejected for $4;" "collicUons »»*?•
rlty or country. Pacific Collection Co *»
Montgomery rooms 9-10: t«L Maft^Bga^
DENTISTS. __^.,--,-
DR GRUSS, 518 Callaghan bldg.. Market and
McAllister sts., uses the Basford obtunder;
the only device ever invented for grinding.
drilUng and excavating teeth without p*la.
Call for demonstration. Tel. Jessie 3606.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr ElerentH
—No charge for extracting when plates ar»
made; old plates mad* over llk« new; te*t_
from $S per set; extracting SOc: gas> given.
A NEW plate— Th« Whalebone— cannot fcreaJt:
warranted 20 yrs; crown, $»B0; finings. 6Oc.
plates, $5; full eet; all work palnles* and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 SUta.
Paris Dental Parlors. 233 Keamy. cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up: fllllng3.25o
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surg*on-denUst.r.l4.1st
floor. Pholan bid.. 808 Market, cor. CFarrelL
DR. H G. YOUNO— Bridges and teetii •wiVi-'
out plates gpeclalty. 1841 Pollc st.
GOLD fillings 75c; silver, 35c: crow _s, A; B«
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.20* Sntfr.
CHEAPEST and best In America — Th» Weekly
Call, 18 pages, sent to any address la t_»
United States or Canada one year for 11.
UKEsSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
Accordion, sunburst and knlf»-pla.lting; doabi*
stamps on dress linings. 8tew_rt's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; t«L Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Mllllnsry School—
Patterna cut to measure; eve, class. 1019 Wtt.
STYLISH skirts $1; paper haU to order $1;
children's clothes a speclatty. 314 Minna, st.
EDCCATIO.XAL.
AT home In our new quarters, the Unrest, best
lighted and most delightful place at business
study In the entire West. Ntw, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 801-
925 Golden Gate ave.
A' THOROUGH, experienced teacher will take
private pupils; particular attention given to
ladles and gentlemen whose education has
been neglected; and to nervous and backward
pupils; public school pupils received. MISS
FENTON, 935 Sutter st. •
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
ref. President- Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor; day and evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar-
ket St.: established IS years; the school that
cecures positions tor graduates; Just added 23
new typewriters; catalogue free. X- ¦
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. 3.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day.
and night sessions; Illustrated catalogue freo.
LEARN SPANISH In 2 months; claases iTa
French and Spanish $3 a month. B. F.
AMES. Teacher of Languages. 2C3 Golden
Gate ave.-. corner- Hyde St.
A LARGER and better school than ever: enter
at. once If you desire a good position; Greg?
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. V. Business
. College. 1238 Market st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min., xnech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, ev. : est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thura., Sat. and Sun. :
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing, 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business Cotl?»* oa
advice of official court reporters and be com-
. petent stenographers. 1382 Market: catalog.
•WESTERN Business CoIlege;Odd Fellows* bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arith..
spelling, writing, etc: day eve. : $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines_Electriclty, 24 Post *
Et.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
i complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
WANTED— To exchange lessons In French for
lsssons In elementary arithmetic. Box 1045,
Call office. .
TEACHERS without positions can earn .money
in other lines. Call Wed.. 1955 Market st.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California, r.4,
BANJO, mandolin and guitar thoroughly
taught: orchestra practice. 462 Geary st.
GUITAR, mandolin, and piano, $3 per ma.;
mandolin club $1 per ma 828 Halght st.
KENT Law School always open; send for cir-
culars. 536 Parrott Building. •
BERT X. TUCKER. A. B.. M. S.. private
tutor; University School, 2310 Clay st.
TUITION of business collere for eal» at big
discount. Box 1C54. Call office.
"WANTED— Lessons In harmony; terms mod-
erate. Box 1173. Call office.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTtNGTON'S. 424 Pln» St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK.
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT^OFFICES. _ _
GEORGE AOKlT'£{~PosT'st?: tel. BushT'l35^
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help. eta.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanesc-
Chlnese- help. 426 Powell st. TeL Main 5752.
SCANDINAVIAN Female Employment Bureau.
504 Kearny St., room 3; phone Black 445S.
FRITZ'S Kmr. Office: Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 188.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Maltt 51SS.
CHINESE end Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1897. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— FEMALE.
VAN TED — By a' middle-aged New England
vi oman, a situation - as cook or housework ;
city ot country. Call or address Cook. 3S1
O'Farrell -¦_, near Taylor, for 3 dayv, caa
give best of references.
DRESSMAKER, designer, cutter and fitter:
street suits, evenlnc sowrs; only flrst-class
work done; "at home or In private families per
day. MISS BARSS, Sherman House. 2S 8th st.
PROFESSIONAL French cook: day or other-
wise; entire charge of luncheons, dinners,
receptions; city or country; also cooking les-
sons given. 305 Jones st., basement.
AN experienced nurse wishes engagements;
¦ surgical or confinements; reference; reason-
able;, careful; economical. . Call or address
MRS. MERRJTT. 127 Seventh st. '
HOTEL . housekeeper desires position In first-
class hotel or summer resort; 3 yea— • in last
place;, best references. Call • or . address P.
; E. C. 1406 Hyde »t.~ :
EXPERIENCED stenographer,- with knowledge
¦ of general office work.' desires permanent po-
-Eltion; reasonable salary; references. Box
11C3, Call office. ' ¦ /
YOUNG lady wants position to work In mil-
linery store; has had ' 15 years' experience.
Address Box 1032, Call office.
YOUNG, woman with knowledge of ' bookkeep-
In;- desires position as' assistant - In. office;
no objection to country. Box 1139. .Call.
EDUCATED, refined lady wishes position - as
housekeeper: competent; will leave city; $30.
Boa 1138, Call office. . : .
EXPERIENCED Soanlsh and Enxlish ste-
nographer; takes Spanish and English dicta-
tion; references. Box 1008. Call office.
LADY. wants position as shirtwaist designer or
-: forelady. In shirtwaist or skirt department;
;; best , references furnished. Box 11(J6, Call.
WOMAN wishes ' to do up curtains.', from 33c
"up ;' references If ' required. Address 243 Te-
hama . Bt.
LADY wants position as . teacher : In Spanish
• and German or. will Rive private lessons la
, evening. Box 1C97, Call office, Oakland.THE SAN FRANCISCCT CALL, -SUNDAY, APRIL 3, ;i904
45
j RMPIO YMRST WANTED— MALE.
-YOUNG man .wants '.'pcsltlon to do work In
oftlce. Box 1C55, Call office. ¦ , ,
1 EXPEHT proofreading or inanuncrtpt revision
done. Bex 1001. CaU office.
' YOL'NG man wishes position as porter. Box
I lUtf. Call office.
BOY wants work of any kind. Box 1153, Call
office.
SITUATION wanted as bootblack. Apply 540 j
Third ave.. Richmond. Box 116S. j
BOY 13 years old. . strong, wants light' work
after Echool. Uox 1158, this office.
(PAINTER with all tools: work reasonable.
J Addret-s PAINTER. 1210 Mission st.
WANTKD— Position a» plumber. Apply 3408
Ellis st.
YOUNG man vrants position as clerk. Box
115», Call office. , ,
FIRST-CLASS cook would like Job In country.
' Ohu Fourth ave.. Richmond.
WANTED— Situation as porter. Box 1079. Call
office; - 1
POSITION as handy man. Box 10SO, Call
I office.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes light work by the
day: references. Box 1171, Call. S,
CARPENTER, non-union, wants email Job cf
; work. Box 1201, Call. ;
I FIRST-CLASS bank clerk wishes situation.
Box 1C«3. Call.
COLLECTOR or bookkeeper; best references;
wants work. Box 1174, Call office.
ASSISTANT dentist wants position; has had
experience. Box 45, 1008 Market at.
FIRST-C— ASS shoe repairer wishes situation.
Call 222Natoma st.
W A NTED— Job dishwashing. Apply 313V4
Ellis st. .
BOY wants position as errand boy. Box 1181,
Call office..-- • ;
AN experienced etock boy wants a position.
Box 1182. Call office.
PHOTOGRAPHIC position; good all round
man. T. E. PEISER, 821B Van Ness ave.
WANTED — Position as porter In wholesale
house. Box 1109. Call office. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED hardware clerk wants posi-
tion. Box 1100. Call office, Oakland.
WANTED— Position as night watchman. J.
N., 813 Ellis *t.
MAN would like situation as solicitor, j Ad-
dret<3 box A. Call branch, 1941 Mission st.
GERMAN, 3S years old. experienced grocery
clerk, wants work as storekeeper, buyer or
counter clerk: city " references. Address box
1111. Call office. >
WANTED — Positions by man and wife; woman
for boarding honse; man as mechanic or
choreman; good hand with horees. Box 1015,
Call office.
; V A NEAT young man. French-Italian, with
i$200 bond, wishes position as collector or
driver for liquor house. Answer J. MOUL-
I TON. 501 Mason et.
WANTED — Position in country ; Scotchman,
handy- with carpenter tools; care of horse,
con-, or other outside work; moderate wages.
Box 42. IOCS Market st. /¦.,--- V
CANDY and ice cream maker wante situs,-
; tlon; first-class. Box 102S. Call office.
' CARETAKERS — Man and wife (man employed
during day) wish place as caretakers; highly
recommended. Address Caretakers, box 4228.
Call office. • .
BARKEEPER wants position: city or country:
summer report preferred; strictly sober; age
33. Box 1120. Call office.
POSITION by f-teady man In wine or liquor
house: city or country; references. Box 1110,
Call oftW. . .
'• BARBER — First-class Eastern, steady and
1 sober, wants iim-class position. Address
I BARBER, box 1030, Call office.
• EXPERIENCED gardener' want* situation In
i Oakland or San Francisco; best references.
j P. O. box 06, Frultvale. Alameda Co.
! YOUNG man, well educated, wants position
j In store or factory. Box 1007, Call office.
i BOY wants Job In a wholesale house; has good
I references. Apply at 67 Harriet st.
1 A YOUNG roan, talks English. French, Ital-
j Ian. Spanish, plays piano, can attend to bar,
I wishes a petition; country preferred. Apply
: Arcade, Ml Mason st. , ¦ ..-• y • ,
j WANTED — By a wt:i recommended young '
man: position as engineer or laundryman. In '
institution or hotel; city or country; several
years" experience. Box 4217, Call. !
AN experienced lawyer, bookkeeper, corre-
spondent, business manager, etc., will ac- ,
cept position on email -salary with corpora-:
tion. Box 4003. Call office.
BARBER wants Job In small country town.
Address Barber, box 4218. Call office. ;
BOY wants work In wholesale house; city or
country. Box 4213. Call office. ,
j HOTEL clerk or bartender: young, steady, so-
< tier; 5 years' experience. Box 40, 1008 Market.
j JAPANESE couple .want position; man as
: cook; wife fcr general housework. ¦ U.
; FUJII. 539 Stevenson st. ;
' JAPANESE strong: man wants a posttlon to
do cooklnc and general housework." G.
.AKI. l»03>i Castro tt.
JAPANESE boy, speaks good English, would
like any kind of work before 7:30 a. m. or
after 5 v. m. Box 41S&, Call office.
YOL'NG Japanese wants a position in good
small family. Address TAKI, 1210B Larkln
St.; phone Scott 4273.
COMPETENT Chintse wishes position as cook
in boarding house.* 1110 Stockton st.
JAPANESE wants place, 5 to 8 a. m. or 7 to
11. A, HAGANAKA, 426 Oak st.
HONEST Japanese wants place; Is first-class
cook. 019 Webster st., Oakland.
j GOOD Japanese boy wants posttlon as school-
boy: Spesks English well. CONDO. 1329 Pine.
• EXCHANGE. .
SAN ANSELMO lot— Exchange two level lots;
30x120; equity $-'K>0. Box 1046. Call office.
FEATHER HEXOVATIKO.
BY new. healthful process. Cal. Steam Feather
Co.. 32S Van Nets ave.: tel. Howard 8187.
FLATS TO LET. -
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT. '
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed In our free, renting department; over 1000
. in number: a combined list from all agenclea;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; w« never fall; servlcs free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO.. .
1038 MARKET 8T.,
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and Cats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
tt.. on tbs square.
THE most exquisitely furnished 7-room flat In
the city, being a corner on Sacramento St.;
. every room and outside sunny room; sickness
causes family to leave city.- Apply to EAS-
TON, ELDRIDGE A CO.
9 ROOMS and bath, beautifully furnished, for
4 to * months; on Pacific ave., near Baker
St.; marine view. Apply, EASTON, ELD-
RIDGE & CO. __
ELEGANT new sunny upper 10 rooms; finest
finish' d flat in the city; grand View; with
gas or coal grates. 9S0 Pierce. st.
GUERRERO. 224 — Modern sunny middle flat.
6 lanre rooms and bath; being newly tinted
throughout; $37 50. .
NOE. 158A; near 15th — Large, new,* sunny,
middle,- flat; refined, respectable family de-
Bire«r; "adults. • »
SEVENTEENTH, 4182, " near Castro-st. cars-
Modern, sunny, upper flat;: 7 rooms, bath,
basement.
WELL-FURNISHED sunny upDer flat. 3
rooms, bath, gaa, conveniences; adults. 1432
Webster st. , ' ¦ .,¦ ',.', ¦-,;. :¦ ....,-•_ ,\ :
ASHBURY. 727—5 rooms: large bath; modern;
sun:healthy location: 15 mln., Halght cars.
BAKER.' 723— Fine; modern, iniddle' flat; new;
6 rooins; open plumbing.- ¦- ~ - . .
EDDY. 048— Lower flat. 5 room* and bath;
. modern. , •..-''' ' -: ' ..'-.-. .- . ..
GEARY, 94< — I'lat of 5 rooms; rent $10? walk-
Ing distance. . " * \ ../
HAYES. 057— Nice basement flat; 3 to 6 rooms;
Janitor service; a snap;. see It to-day. •
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st. ,
MISSION; 1513— Six - larse sunny ' rooms; bath,
laundry. . vard ; $21. . ' \- ; ¦ ¦-, .
CARL; 212,'; near. Stanyan, 1 block from park —
r C rooms and bath; rent $_W\. • KV :
LEAVENWORTH. 211»— 'Marine view; S rooms
and bath; double parlors: rent reasonable.
CMl'IXIYMKXT WANTED — FEMALE. |
A RESPECTABLE vnlncumbered elierly wu- 1
man wants poiiit.on as caretaker of a hou.-e; j
<«»i>m up n-uit. Box 1082. Call.
A STRONG Tvomtn »l«aes work by the day.
washing, BWctp.ng or dusting; $1 50 i>er day
and car.r.re. 15T Ninth et. {
COLOKKiJ Eastern woman wishes situation In '
1-rivate family as plain cook. Phono Red I
41S5. j
A UIRL want* a situation as cook or laun-
dPtr-F-. city reference*. Address 51«T Seven-
tecmh »t.. for two days. v
COMPETENT Kirl want-. *ltuation for light
accord work; wace» $20. Call branch, box
H. -><> Htm mu
YOUNG «omu withes a few more engage-
ments for sham!>ooln; and scalp treatment.
• Phone Carp 3574.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. washing
anil lrontn£: M ,'«i a day and car fare. Hjx
11T2. Call offioe.
DRLS^ilAKlCR. experienced, good cutter and
fitter, would like a few engagements by day.
510 Kte\Tr.ton et.. near Seventh.
* — — — — — — ————————————————————— 1
WOMAN wants work by the cay. washing. J
>r<'r..n« and houFwIeanlng: ii u0 t day and j
ear frre. Box 1173. CMl office. j
STRcNO ynune woman v.-iEb»fi to do any k'.nd
of waFhir.r at her home. Address MKS. L., 1
*12B .'»»«'.» *t.. ruir.
SITUATION wanted by Canadlaa Protestant
woman in email family; good cook. Call ,
123» Market st.
YOUNG lady with 2 years' experience, as ;
cashier in restaurant, wants petition. Ad- j
<lr*»« box 1130. Call crflce. i
MIDDLE-AGED lafiy wishes a few hours' light !
employment; day or. evening-; no canvassing.
B.. 13SA Sixth m. !
YOUNG lady ~a.nta position as stenographer. '
Atflrm box 113L CaU office. !
COMPETENT young Isdy wishes situation to j
do second work. Adflraas box 4226, Call. ,
PCFITION as chambermaid. Box 4243 C— 1
. offica.
GIRL wishes to assist with light housework.
Address box 4237. CaU office.
TOVNG lady wants situation to do Oeond
* work. Address box 4225, Call office.
POSITION at chambermaid; city. Box 1106,
Call office.
WANTED — ilenfilng to do at home. Bbx 100D. 1
Call offlcv. ,
• -WOMAN wants work by the day. 236A Te- j
hama st. .
TWO German drle wUh to eo to country as
c r nnrce. AdflreCT 1714 Turk et. !
KEFINED woman wtrtves work as dl«hwa«her. j
Address box 11S7. CaU office. I
WANTED — Lace curtains to do. 25c a pair;
hand laundry. Box 1147. Call office.
STRONG woman wishes house and window
Cleaning. (1 50 day. 151SA Howard tt.
A GOOD strong woman wants house and wln-
C.OW cleaning; $1 50 day. Box 1047. Call.
WANTED — Copying or typewriting; reeson-
abie. Address Box 1CC7. Call office. .
A YOL'NG girl wants work lu private family.
Box 114S, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS cook; Scandinavian; private
or hotel; tSO to $40. Box 1I&2. Call office.
GCNEHAL housework; rood cook; city or
country; girl; wac«s $25. Box 1074, Call.
WOMAN wants mending to do at borne. 37
Oak Grove ave.
GOOD seamstress wishes engagement by the
day; also good dressmaker. 1633 Sacramento. I
AN fin-TK-iiMil dressmaker wishes engage- j
ments: $2 per day. Apply 025 Eddy »t. ¦
J-OSITION wanted as chambermaid in hotel. |
. Addrtts box 10W5. Call office.
l:)"5.1AI>LE. competent woman wants position;
light housework. Bok 1OB4. Call office.
14RIGHT roung *lrl wlsfces place tn family.
Apply 3^T>«i»- Lotur ave.
. LAt'Y takes washing home; open air dry.
Phone Fell 104t. ]
YOUNG lady wUhea to assist In manicure !
parlors. Box UK5. Call.
WOMAN wants wcrk by ihe day. , 2024 A
Bryant st. !
MIDDLK-aped voman wishes position as
Iioum keeper; lrt -class ref.; apply 442 Jessie. )
LADY wishes to give lessons in embroidery. 1
l.'tOd <"!«> «t.. Oakland. . . j
TOl.'Xti lady wsjits position In private fam-
ily. Bex I1C0. Call office. Oakland.
•V.'ANTni'- iVMiiun as «can_tres«. AddreM
by letter A. W.. €15 Larkln «.
WANTED — Position as stenographer. F. S.
\V.. t,17 EIU« #t.
EXPERIENCED drfMmaker wishes work by I
th» day. A4&rf*t> box 22C1. Call office.
YOl'NG eirl of experience wishes position In
notion .tore. Addr;s box 2201. Call office.
WASHING^ ironing and hout>e cleaning by the
«'¦;.. z:.P~ MiMtion ft. .
YOL'NG lady, 'experienced stenographer, t»Hb
knowledge of bookkeeping, desires a position j
ay office essiftant. Bqx 41SS. Call office.
EXPERICNCEP confinement nun* wishes en-
rajreracnt*. 953 Fclsom st. room 2.
REFINCD lady wishes poflticn as companion
or hou*eken>er: also plass the piano. Ad-
1 drert A. Call office. San Jo«e.
"ADVERTISEMENTS, eubscrlptlons received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan £ Church sts.
WANT ad* and rub— M-!attons taken for The
Can lit Eatcn's Bazaar. <33 McAllister et.
EMPLOVMBVT UAXTF.D 51 ALE.
WANTED — A man with over 20 years' ex-
txri—u.* In logging, railroad construction
and timber estiro atinc would like a position j
ir traveling agent to look up timber land or 1
take < harg» of extensive losging operations;
. reference*. Address C. box 1187. Call office.
RIDDLE-AGED man want* petition as drug
clerk (reristered In Kansas and a« assistant
pharmacist tn California); good references:
would accept »•»*— Ion in city or country. Box
1 1M, CaU office.
, TO drive and car* for automobile; private
place; country preferred; experienced, all
around; gentleman's place; not afraid of ]
work; best references. Box I1C2. Call office. ¦
. ANY kind of clerical work wanted by a youns
man of 2C; 5 years of very beet office train-
In*; r»j«W» of a*Kuming management of of-
fice.; btst of bank references. Box 1034. Call.
GERMAN, honcft. *ob*>r. wlshr* position as
coachman: first -claes horseman: experienced !
driver; milk; generally uiwful; cfty or coun- •
. tr>-; best of references. Box 1024. Call. i
WANTED — By a middle-aired man. position as
night watchman tn wholesale house or fac-
tor}'- Addreta B. 11ESS. Fulton at. and
T«-nth e.\*., in care of Chutes Co.
EXPERIENCED young man denlres employ-
ment as Rhirrrr or other position of trust
In wholfftl'.- or manufacturing houne; best
refer— ires. Addrevs box 1170. CaU of&ce.
UONI2ST, sobT German wlsh&s position < in
, • . %-lne or liquor booar; experienced In driving!
and handling noire*; hanfiy In anything; bett j
of refcrencca. Box ICiO, CaU oftlcr, j
A YOUNG Swedish married man wishes posl- '
.tlon In wholesale liquor t tore or any other j
whoit— — e ctore: hoaost. steady, sober; best <
of relcrenc*. Box 1CS3, Call off.ee.
INTELLIGENT, experienced business man has
afternoons to give In any responsible com-
• tnercial employment at reasonable salary.
' Box 10C!f, Call office.
ANY hon»>tt position want«wl by reliable sln-
Cle man of cood habits end appearance. 31, 1
not using liquor or tobacco; city or country.
tiox 1042. Call office. j
SITUATION or employment wanted by ex- ]
txrt draughtsman and patent specification ;
writtr. Addr»*»> R. M.. 524 E. Eighteenth
st.. Oakland.^ Cal.
• YOUNG jB;.anos.- wants position In Rood small
family, west of Polk, between Post and Pa-
cific. Addrcsr TAKI. 1503 Fillmore at.;
phone Scott 17C3. .-. .
WAJCT£a> — Work by a rood finisher tn wood
or iron: a ireolorlat and good at calculation
of Cf.ur. r; wages moderate; can analyse. Box t
1C3C Call office. j
WOULD like situation as accompanist: can !
fill encasement* for recital. BAIRD HAM- <
LIN. pianlKt asd accompanist. 473 Kddy tt.,
£an Francisco.
6TRANGCR from the East wants to get em-
filoyment wi:h a private family an hostler;
Is a good haad. Addrecs P. J. O'CONNELL.
XUi Tliird et.
MIDDLE-AGED gentleman wants to do Jani-
tor wcrk In rooms mornings and evenings;
Ortt-cliu references. Address Box 1100. Call.
2'llENCII cook; flnrt-claa> patlesler; beat ref-
• renrr r. from families; wlebea private place.
ANDRE. 217 Stockton et.. phone Main 1304.
YOUNG man would like position in grocery
where tw> can learn the business; has high
school education. Addresa box Hi03. Call.
COOD accountant wishes engagement. Box
1008. Call office. ¦ •
CAHPENTER wants wora\ Box 1011, CaU
_#Au - 1 1
FLATS TO LET-^oitttlnoed. '
FLAT -of * three rooms ; : rent $12. • '-.- Inquire 225
¦ Fulton*. st; <. :/-¦;. ¦-• * ¦:¦* 1 .•.¦.- *". -.,*; •¦ .- ' ' - • .-.-
FILLMORE. 1124— Flat j 7 large, light, eunny
.".- rcorns. bath; .rent '.reasonable; modern.
NEW' flat; 9 >• rooms and -bath; - sun! in every
: room.. 2S70 'Washington 4t. ; Inquire premises '
PIERCE. 2335— Elegant ; 6-room lower flat.
SOMETHING new; 4 rooms; see It to-day. 957
! ¦ Hayes st. : water, garbage, Janitor free. '
' SUNNY furnished modern K-room flat, near
. Golden Gate Park. 756 Clayton st. :..-,
TURK. -1218- ; -€unny, -lower- flat: three rooms;
Windows all around ; yard ; . $12 month. | «...
WALLER, ! 1303. 6 near • Masonic ave.; — Lower
flat to let, 8 rcoma, modern;. $27 50.
$20—5 ROOM8. bath.'- etc.: • sunny, modern:
j , snap. 332 Cumberland et.. - nr. 20th & Church.
$22 60 — 5 i eunny . rocms and bath. ¦ 225 Scott
St.. near ¦ Halght. . .
i "¦'. FLATS TO LET— FURX1SHEU.
FINE 'Mat; furnished complete; 6 rooms: gar-
den;- for 0' months fronv the 6th of May to
responsible ¦ people ¦ only; * near Golden Gate
ave. anJ Flllmora st.; Box 4234. Call office.
PINE. 710. near, Powell— $125 per month: : ele-
gantly furnished .house of 7 rooms and bath;
¦11 . modern conveniences. Von Rheln Real
Estate Co., 6V* California st.
f$S — SUBLET new- flat; furnished complete:
piano; flne location; near 1-ark; & rooms and
bath. -.167 Tremont ave.; open 2. to 4 p. !m.
O'FARRELL 1520— Furn. or unfurn. 4-r. par^
lor flat; also 3 newly furn. rooms; reasonable.
SUNNY furnished Ant of 7 rooms; piano and
phone; rent $C5. . Box 1CQ7. Call office.
WASHINGTON. 2833— Beautifully furnished
sunny flat. 7 rooms; piano; garden.
FLATS fcfOR SALE— FURNISHED.
EDDY, 432— Elegantly furnished flat of seven
rooms, for. sale; modern; new furniture;. new
carpets: everything new; must sell; cost $D00
2 months ago: price $e50; terms.
A SNAP; $166; 3-room flat, completely fur-
nished; cheap rent. Call all day, 123 Leaven-
j worth st.
NEW furniture of 5-room sunny .modern flat;
everything complete; must , sell at once; a
bargain. 3270 Twentieth et.. near- Folsom.
FOR SALE — Seven furnished rooms and bath;
all rented; owner -leaving city; come quick;
5250. C16A Fourth st. .
WEBSTER. 019. cor. G. G.— $275; sunny. 7-
room lower flat: all rented and nicely fur-
: ntuhed; pays $25 over rent. '
FLATS WASTED — FURNISHED.
WANTED— Furnished house or flat-with three
cr four bedrooms and servant's room, from
August 1 to September 10. Box 1135 Call.
FPRXITUHE FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
household goods of every description; flats
bought. Mission Auc.House.429-438 Valencia.
SNAP — Bargain: 5-room sunny flat, furnished;
$175:. near center. Box 1160. Call office.
• I FUnXITURE WAXTED.
ABE LEVY. !
Salesroom, 1135 Market »t. Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't tell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc., until you get his estimate.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkln 3631. 634 Ellis.
A. WOLLPEBT. 773 Mission, phone Red 44B2,
bars, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets. -
B. T. SCHELL. 2412 Mission; tel. Church 5370,
pays best prices for, furniture, carpels, - etc.
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdse. lT~H;
BURP, suctloneer.181* Mkt. :t*l. Howard 275«.
HELP WAXTED— KEMALK.
3~COo1cSMIfttir^vwO^^
Cook,«Efln Rafael; no washing $35
Cook, small restaurant ..; $30
Laundress in private .family $:;o
Second girl, city and country .$20, $25
Second girl. Oakland $;JO
: 2 chambermaids, waiting, country hotels $22 50
I Nurse, Infant "14 months "o'd... ....... $TO
2 nurse girls ...$15, $20
j Waitresses, city and country hotels. .... .$25
I 4 chambermaids, waitresses, city. ......$20. $25
I Cook, sanitarium, city ..'...... . .$:50
. 2 . dloins-rooni girls, sanitarium. ......... .$20
j l^eundrens. for orphanage. , . ., .l;<0
i Nuree foY home, city ., ,.'. .........$2ft
Dining-room girl for home, country... $25
Call- Monday. J. F. CROSETT 5 A VCO,. 331
Sutter-st;- . y - >¦./,"-¦ * t ¦
j COOK and second girl, country. ....' $30,' $25
{ S good; second girls .$25. $30
2 waitresses and parlor maids...'.. ...... .$25
I^aundress," > plain wash. Institution..... ...$20
French maid ..:..;..... ....".¦...-;..:;.'.. ..$23
20 good housework girls... ....... .....$25. $30
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutler. . nr. Powell.
A — WANTED— Girls" to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc. ; . trade taught .from 'A to Z
¦ in 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
sitions to fill Immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 p.er week -up; leading school tn
• Westf : 233 Geary st.; room 13. ; ;
A — Girls to learn millinery, now for spring sea-
eon: both seasons taught from start to finish
In 1 month for $15; positions as 'trimmers,
ralealadles. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A— LADIES to learn all branches halrdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar-
ket st.. cor. Jones, room 04: positions secured
at highest wages;, day and eve. class; call.
WANTED-^-500 ladies to learn in - 10 mlnut .ra
¦ to clean their own kid gloves; no fake; com-
pute Instructions mailed • for 50c. St. Paul
Cleaning Co., box 1540. Santa Barbara; Cal.
WANTED— -Young women, age 20 years and
over, to learn to be dry goods saleswoman.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
. BROS.' ' - . ;
LADIES — To do piecework at their homes; we
- furnish all materials and pay from $7 to $12
weekly. Address Royal Co., 34 E. Monroe
St.. Chicago. , . ,. ? i'.-i ¦¦
WANTED — Bright, ambitious women to write
for newspapers and • magazines. ¦ For particu-
lars,, address Box . 301, Columbus, Ohio.
FIRST-CLASS seamstress wanted by the
' month; private family; good home. Monday.
_ 1124. Cough .«t; .---.;•¦¦¦;.. .¦--.;.....
WANTED— Colored woman to take care of
child it night. Apply Monday, morning at
287 Geary st. . ¦ •
GIRL for general housework; small family; ~no
children; $15; cull Monday a. ' m., at 1422
O'Farrell st. r
STENOGRAPHER with some knowledge of of-
fice work; 1 state references and salary. Box
1CC3. Call. :
ASSISTANT bookkeeper, ' quick and accurate;
$10 per week; hours, 8 to 5, half day Sdtur.
day. Apply own handwriting, box 10S8. Call;
SALESLADIES for- various departments. A p-
- ply Monday morning : Superintendent's office,
' The Emporium.- - '-. •¦•¦-• . ;
A BOOKKEEPER and stenographer: state ex-
¦ perience, reference and salary expected. Box
1167. Call office. ,„
A — OPERATORS on ladles' underwear; good
pay. G56 Mission St.. third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladles' waists; good pay.'
C56 Mission St.. third floor. .< ¦ - ¦
A— OPERATORS on ladles' wash skirts and
dresses. C50 Mission St., third floor.
A WOMAN to do washing. Apply 1024 Shot-
-.iveii st. .- :- : •----'. .; -. . :-¦ -..; ..;
LADIES wanted -to learn barber trade and
. halrdresslng. Moler. System College, 635 Claj,
WANTED — Finishers and" paid apprentices on
custom coats. 40 Ellis St., room 52. v
FIRST-CLASS waist ¦» and skirt hands ; paid
apprentice. , MRS. STACY, ,116 Stockton tt.
SALESLADIES fcr laces wanted. Apply Su-
perintendent'* office, .The Emporium.. < -
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' under-
wear at 1157 Folaom • st. - , H. KLAS. >
STRONG, clean; ' willing > woman for house-
. -. work; , washing 2 days a week. -2712, Folsom.
MAKERS for millinery: must understand seli-
lng. Apply 130 Sixth at. ".::"¦-.- ; • ¦<-';,
YOUNG girl to assist at light. housework. Ap-
ply Monday. ,1116 Fell st. - ¦-. : : _
GIRL ; to - do plain rewing and ; dressmaking.
>7»4 »»t,) room; 12. . . ' .. , .
GOOD . cirl for light housework. ¦ MRS. J. F.
, -DRESSLER,^ 1237 Sanchez st.^ :;.;;,
RESPECTABLE •young, girl for housework and
cooking: • ref. ; \ Monday. 0 to; 12. " - 2380 f Pine.",
RESPECTABLE girl ¦ for downstair* .work and
(¦., cooking;* ref.;, Monday, '¦ 0; to; 12. * ;I2U0 ? EllU.
BUSINESS house s desires competent* assistance
of ; mature woman ; ¦ local." •¦ Box \ 1 16ft ¦: Call.
CHAMBERMAID iand to wait : at table." «10
GDlden Ggte ave. . '. " ,.^ .;;-;;.; ". <
TAILORESSr^o. work with bushelman.' J.'
' ,, GORDAN.' ; 1124*Mnrket st. - _ ,
' GIRL < to assist'." in"; general housework;
I ; 1562 ! Pr>«» «t.. near Lacuna.
I EMPLOYMENT WA\TBU — MALE. j
I ASSISTANT (nglueer's position wanted "by a
I tnlddle-aged nian; 3 years' exf>erience and
good references. Box 1012, Call office. '
YOUNG man, rocentft- from the East, would
(like a situation; has had good experience in
dry goods business. Bex 1010. Call office.
• POSITION wanted by first-class stableman:
' thoroughly understands handling of horses
1 and rigs. Bex 1038. Cell office.
1 —————————————— — — — — — — — —
CHEF, first-clan, willing and able to work,
wants situation tn houl: city or country.
A<.<3rti»s box 1121. Call office.
Al PAPERHANGER and painter desires em-
ployment In large hotel; young; sober and
steady. Box 1059 Call office. V j
EXPERIENCED ranchman, with wife, from ;
the East, wonts position take charge ranch;
refer* net*. 1. N. LONG. 517 Golden Gate.
GARDENKR and florist, thoroughly competent,
•ingle. wishe« a situation on a prlvat* place
or institution; rereronces. Box 1UU2. Call.
COMPETENT man desire* a position as en-
gineer; 10 j ears' experience :» references.
1 Bex 1177. Call.
I AN experienced mining -superintendent open
j for engagements after April IV. Box 2163.
! Call branch. T200 Fill—ore et. |
YOL'NO man, 20, wants employment in wholc-
1 sale or retail trocery; elx years' experUnce.
Box ICW. Call office.
STRADT. reliable man. 40 years of a«e, de- j
; sires heu»e. Janitor or porter work; refer- !
\ ences. Box llTfi. Call. - !
' MASPEl'R. best references, wants a position
In baths or attendant to Invalid. Box 1096,
J Call office.
! ELDERLY carpenter wants work: finishing or
'1 rough; city or country; wages reasonable. 1
j Pox HIS. Call office.
! YOCNG man wants Donttlon In store or office:
i« food rxnroan and well educated. Addrecs
I box 4222. Call office.
' PO8ITION wanted by competent -laundryman,
to take charge of Institution or hotel laun- I
dry. Box 4U, IOCS Market ft.
STEADY, sober man desires a position as Jan-
itor or porter cr watchman; city references.
Box 111S. Call office.
A PAINTER, paperhanger and tlnter wants
work; rates reasonable, or by the day. Paint-
er, 737 Harrieen St.; basement.
j MIDDLE-AGED man wirhes a situation in a
I store r.s porter or come light work. Inquire j
3103 Sacr*— rnto St.
j BOY wants a position tn law office with op-
¦ ift:«:n:t> o' training rnme knowledge of law.
i Address box 112S. Call office.
j WANTED — Position by middle-aged man: han-
j dy with tools and borscs; good gardener.
Box 112S. .Call efflce.
COOK, first class, wants a position In summer
resort or country hotel; non-union man. Ad-
dress E. B. S.. box 1161. Call office.
TRAVELING salesman would like position
¦with wholesale lace bouse. Address box 1039,
Call office.
MALI? pianist Of long experience wishes steady
engagements after 11 p. m. LEUMAS, 407 I
OFarrell st.
, YOUNG man wishes some kind of clerical
work afternoons; am employed mornings. Box ]
4236. Call office.
A TOUNO man. 5 years" experience city whole-
sale o/flee. desires position; bent references.
Box 1077. Call orfice.
GARDENER and housework; understands
cows and chickens; tingle man. Box 1111,
Call office. . 1
1 .
;' YOCNG man of thorough business ability de-
! sires employment evenlnxs. Box 4230. Call.
I BOY wishes employment in a grocery store;
are 16 years. Box 4235. Call office.
ERRAND bey wants work. Box 4227. Call
«.ffice.
YOUNG man. age 24, wishes position as driver
of delivery wagon. Box 4S23, Call office.
COACHMAN and gardener —ants situation.
Address box 1101. Call office. !
POSITION as teamster; country preferred. Box
J 1104. Call office__ ,
i POSITION to travel for wholesale house. Box ;
! 1105. Call office. j
WANTED — Position as stock clerk cr porter 1
by willing young man; experienced. Box '
I 1103. Call office.
! WANTED — Position as coachman. Box 1008, i
Call office. j J
i JOB wanted in postoffice. Box 1117, Call 1
I office. : . ; .
] JOB wanted In bank. Address Box 1118, Call
office.
• ,„-...- ¦ 1
YOl'NO man wishes work, cf any kind. Box
1032. Call office. ¦ ' - ¦
COMPETENT Janitor wants to get position at
day work in wholesale houre. Box 1108. Call.
BOY wishes good position; city or country.
Box 1005. Call office. ¦
WANTED — Position as delivery man. Addresss
box 1004. Call office. .
WANTED — Situation as gardener; 9 years In
last place. Box 1010. Call office.
BOY age 18 wishes position In electrical j
works. L. R., 2C49 Folsom St.. city. j
I YOUNG man would like work as porter. B. j
! F. FLANDERS. 11 Natorca st.
RELIABLE man wishes a position as Janitor. |
Bex ICaO Call office.
POSITION as salesman. -Box 1C31. Call
office. : ¦
YOUNG man wiehe* posttlon as shipping clerk.
Address L. M. N.. 1529 O'Farrell st.
YOUNG man would like place as. cook; has
had experience. Box 1017. Call office.
YOUNG man "wants work; not afraid of hard
work. Box 1014. CaU office.
MAN wants work by the day. CCO Bryant
street.
j WANTED — Position to run. electric elevator;
I experienced. F. FRENCH. 2924 Folsom st.
AN experienced Janitor would like a position;
can get the be«t of references. Box 1049,Call.
BOY wante a position as an elevator boy. Box
11C2. Call office.
ENGINEER would like position on dredger.
Box 10e2. CaU office. .
EXPERIENCED young valet desires position;
- best of references. D. P. F., 112 Taylor st.
• SITUATION wanted by 16-year-eld boy to
1 learn trade. Box 1070, Call office.
WANTED — Situation as bartender. Box 1151.
Call office. 'Ov-
WANTED — Work as night watchman. O.
j WEAVER, 520 Bush st.
! FURNITURE packer wants position. Box
1 1072. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes ccpying work. GEORGE
NICHOLS. 190 Hickory ave^ __^
WANTED — Position by palmist, either a»
teacher or will leave city. Box 1115. Call.
EXPERIENCED elevator operator wants po-
sition. Box 114S. Call office.
BOY wants Job to do chores on a farm. Box
1133. Call office. j
j SCHOOLBOY wishes a steady Job. Box 113d,
Call office. -
I EXPERIENCED bookkeeper: b»*t of refer-
i ences. Address box 1043. Call office. . .
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants position. Box
1022. Call office. j
WANTED— A position as barkeeper. Box 1C20.
_2all office.
¦WANTED — Position as Janitor. H. MARIANI,
1032 Shotwell tt.
1 YOUNG man wishes office position; hotel or
I business; recommendations. Box 1C18. Call,
' WANTED — Position as porter at country hotel
i or resort: cood reference*. Box 1037. Call.
POSITION a* night watchman; 6 years' e*-
perience. . Address box 1132. Call office.
STRONG boy of 10 wants work. JACK, box
1122. Call office.
JAPANESE wants place In morning from 6 to
8:30: any kind. Ad. T. H.. 4 Carlos place.
THOROUGHLY competent carpenter foreman
wants situation. Address box 1123, Call.
r-ocp ION as rhlrt cutter: 25 years' expe-
I rivnte. Box 1124, Call office. -
! WANTED — Position as collector; best refer-
1 ences. Box 1129. Call office. . . ¦;¦-,.-. -.
PAINTER~ and paperhangrr wants work;
stranger In city. Box 104S. Call office.
GOOD upholsterer end carpet layer will work
by the day. Phone Folsom IV!. 220 11th et.
WANTED— Work by. man In private family.
Address BENNY ROSENBERG. 408 Fifth.
YOUNG roan went* work as plumber's helper.
Box 1142, Call office. ¦
WANTED — Position as elevator operator; ref-
erences. Bex 1141. Call office.
TRAVELING - salesman —ants position In a
notion company. Box 1C5U Call office.
BUTCHER, cutter, «ausa£e-meker.' slaughter-
man, and can cure meats.- wants poMtion In
mlnlnv town: b«st of references. ¦ Box 41,
T»T"t T» ,' \%* « VT*y»— M It.r^-rrin'liiiKil,
'--:•.'• ¦•- " - OPEN TO-DAY.V
SUNDAY. M TO IS A. M.
-MURRAY 6c /tt-AUlf..: . .' ' tf.*4-«a« CLAY ST.
:.-._ ;pHONE MAIN 5S4S . "
, Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
,.-••-:/: WE SPEAK
ITALIAN, -. GKKMAN, SPANISH,
GKEEK.-, FRENCH. , SWISrf.
. In 1903 we gave , During 11)04 we hope
work to eO.UXl men. to increase tiO.uoO.
FREE FARE. - FREE FARE.
•.>.¦:--: TO NEVADA STATED
If y6u stay four months. r THAT'S ALL.
~ GOVERNMENT WORK ,
153 teamsters. $2 day.
155 laborers. ' %i day. • .
"155 roekmen. drillers, $2 to $3 day.
EIGHT HOURS' DAY.' IRRIGATION WORK.
$1 FEE— THAT'S ALL.
. TO THE MINES.
65 machine, single and double band, . $S2 50
to $90. ¦ ¦:¦•'¦
ALL OVER CALIFORNIA.
ARIZONA. CLOSE TO* PRESCOTT.
- 910 Miles— $9 10.
! €55 teamsters, laborer*, driller*, etc., $2 to
I ¦¦ $3 day. . • .. .-. . . .
Don't be 9tlngy with your distance. G«t
closer to lands of sunshine. CENTER OF
GREAT MINES. jU» V^"-'* V_
ARIZONA. ARIZONA. ARIZONA"
. ..I"'.::- MECHANICAL.
Planer and sticker hand.' Oregon. $3 50 day. ,
Tallymen, lumber company, boss here. $00. 1
,.,¦--,;¦-•-¦"- -MILKERS. --¦ ' -i • \
; 26 milkers, all parts of California, $30, $35.
$40. and found. >y\ •
. 4 buttermiikers. $40 and found.
.12 farm and ranch hands. $25. $26, $30 found.
: ¦ . WOODCHOPPERS.
.125 woodchoppers. all over State.
Postmakera. shakemaker*. etc.
. -HOTEL DEPARTMENT
, 12 cooks, different places, $30 to $75 found.
Walters, dishwashers, belt and elevator boys
Laundrymen. $15, $20. $30. $40, $50. $60. $7dC
, - MURRAY & READY.
. - 634 and .636 Clay st.
' " . YOUR FARE PAID.
Milker, ' Round Valley, $30 and found.-
Butter and cheese maker. Round Valley, $35
. and foiind;. -
Blacksmith helper, machine shop, $2 50 day.
* Cement finisher, little experience, $2 50 day.
MILKEA AND WIFE.
No other woman on ranch, -north. $50 and fd. j
B farmers and wives. $40 and $50 and found.
Baker and cook, country shop, $12 week.
MURRAY tt READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH, country shop. $1 50 day fd.
Sheep herder, fare $1 60, $25 to $30 found.
. ' 2 FARM HANDS, orange grove. $20 found.
Boy. grocery store, city. $5 to $6 week.
Waiter, lunch counter, $35 and found.
¦ Porter, city institution. 525 and found.
v . GARDENERS.
Vegetable gardener for ranch. boss here.$."M) fd.
Gardener, flowers, etc., fare 40c. $10 found.
Young man, help In stable city bakerv.SS wk.
"stsel chirpers. cast steel, hand work,$2 50 day
Painter, carriage shop. $.t day.
. Sticker hand; DRUG CLERK. $KO.
MURRAY &.. READY. 634 and £36 Clay »t.
LOOK !
MURRAT A READY WILL OCCUPY THIS
ENTIRE COLUMN
: :., ,. TO-MORROW.
MONDAY, APRIL 4.
" BE SURE EVERYBODY READS IT. THE
EYES OF MAN
WILL BE OPENED.
PART. PRESENT AND FUTURE LABOR
PROBLEMS PORTRAYED: BOTH EM-
PLOYER AND EMPLOYE
WILL SAY
WHAT NEXT?
.MURRAY & READY. 634. and 636 Clay/ it.
1 BUTCHER boy to take care of horses and de-
| ltver orders. 1005 McAllister st. •
WANTED— Good strong boy at Anderson'*
; Carpet House, 1114 Broadway, Oakland.
! WANTED—^Experienced '.'dress goods man to j
go to Sacramento'.. Apply between 0 and 11
; a. . m. ».t HAI-E BROS.' . . ¦ ¦'
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
crockery rack»r. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BRO3.' '
WANTED— l'oune matfwho is an experienced ¦
dry goods /wrapper. Apply between 9 and 11
a. m. at HALE BROS.' .
WANTED— Young man between 18 and 20
year* of age a« salesman.' Apply between 9
¦ and'll a. m. at HALE BROS.' ; j
_____ _ L ; L
I -Men to. learn the barber trade in two months
and secure good positions; catalogue and full
Information mailed free. MOLER System
College. CS5 Clay st. - -
WANTED — Experienced Insurance solicitors In
each town In California by new life assocla-
•¦ tron: exclusive territory for those who start
- now; big money now and in future. Address
'Secretary. P." O. box 497. Los ¦ Angslcs. Cal.
WANTED — Four architectural and electrical*
draughtsmen on ¦ a ¦ long Job. 1 Apply to
Telephone Company, Engineering ' Depart-
roent. 216 Bush st.
'' BARBER wanted— Saturday and Sunday;
i wages $5. 23C Montgomery ave.
! WANTED — Bright, Intelligent office boy for
large establishment. Box 1006. CaU office.
"STEADY, trustworthy man as partner "In well-
paying cash bustnecs: $225. 310 Foltom st.
WANTED— Salesman to sell Jewelry for man-
ufacturer who makes the finest line of sale-
able article*: b!u profits can be made by
I men or women in. their territory: no charge
for simples, whether you are holding a posl-
1 tion at present or not. Write at once to the
Liberty Jewelry Company. 403 Water St.,
[' ' Pittaburg, Pa. ¦ ¦ "
EARN better salary and posttlon: study elec-
tricity, mechanical engineering, telegraphy,
by correspondence; thousands successful. T.
A, Edlsop indorses institute; book, "On I
"Become an Electrical Engineer?" f re*. Elec-
trical Engineer Institute. New York.
WANTED— Up-to-date organizers for old
;'' -fraternal society, paying accident, sick.!
i' death and endowment benefits; large returns 1
for good producers: salary or comml*sion.\j
American Fraternity, Washington. D. C. j
BY -manufacturer — Trusty assistant for. branch;
$18 weekly; permanent: no capital required:
experience not. «s»9ntlal. ' Address -Branch ,
Superintendent. Como/ Block. Chicago. ! ;
UNCLE SAM wants help; 14,000 appointments
i WO."; free exam, paper & catalogue giving
i positions and salaHes.Dept.C.WesternCorresp.
! ' Untverslty, 925 Gold/n Gate ave.. San Fran.
I GOVERNMENT positions— Call at 925 Golden
; Gate ave.; room . 7, for free Information as
¦to positions, salaries, age limit*, etc.; day
• of. evenings... ... ' ¦ . . ;
A MAN of Indomitable energy and push, a good
talker. ea«er to make money. F. PERSON.
: 477 and 47» Parrott building. -
BARBERS— Shop to let; furnished complete.
[330 Main st. . - -
I WANTED — An experienced proofreader on book
[¦' Jand Job work; one who has some knowledge
i of Job printing preferred. Apply SANBOKN,
- ¦' ; VA I L - A CO. . i T41 Market st. ¦ - j
YOUNG irwn of 18 or over to Join a military
organization. Apply, with references, 8.
' SZANIT. 473 Valencia St.. bet. C and 8 p. m.
- no expenses. --¦".- -'. '.'
WANTED — La borer*; and. mechanics to know
that Eii Rolkln, Reno. House proprietor, . has
added 100 new rooms to the : Denver House.
217. Third st.; 250 rooms: 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Machinists. - molders, blacksmith!;,
teamsters . and woodworkers to ' stay away
[ - from Stockton: strike. ¦ S. F. Labor Council.
¦"TRY oar men's shoes, union made." at: $1 and
'- $1 GO pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.
SPAIIE hou«» occupation; write for book, 15c.
Box 4229, Call office. *'
FOR .'sale — Two-chair -barber-shop; business
location: cheap:; cash.. Box 4245. Call office.
COATMAKERS and pantsmakers for country.
- Apply REISS BROS.; & CO.. 24 Sutter st.
YOUNG ¦'• men— Sailors . 'wanted "for . ships.
'. . HALLBERG, 517 "Jackson »t. : "
•MAN to do "Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
I ;: Barber School. 7U Howard at.. . ". ¦
YOL'NO: men,, sailors, .blacksmiths, carpenters.
• green hands. : fcr ships. . Herman's,' 27 1 Steuart.
1 Pension Atty..E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bid?.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. • O. : A. R.
WINCHESTER Hctsl. 44 Third *t..' near Mar-
¦ ket — 700 -.rooms; . .TSe" night; . readlng-room3;
'I free 'bus and baggage to_jncl from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS. *ub«cr%lons received at
-Call branch office.' cor. Duncan & Church sts/
A BR.*NCH office of The Call for the reception
7 of advertisements and subscriptions has been
; opened at » IOCS -Market st.;. oppotite Fifth..
i Open until 11 p. , m. 7 ,- r - ... . .,-; « : ¦ ..-.¦
•ALL' sizes ' men's ' shoes, slightly damaged, • hai;
:;prlc^* 5<3ft Mission ft., .bet. 1st ami 2d sts... . *
1 GET ycur' choes; half-soled 'while, waiting; 25c
j to 50c. >, 5<« -MUslnn.st.. bet. l«t and 2d.sts.'
; - ;':•^ H--P WAHTSP-rSOIJCgTOiBS.
.WANTED—^GmKl sp!ejroan ; - or «ollcltor. , MU-
TUAL INVESTMENT. CO.." 4C7 Parrctt bldg.'
; W ANTED^-Sollcltora: • •' Enquirer ¦¦ office. Oak -
I-: .land.":. ' ' •-'¦" ' :'¦¦ ¦:..' -»:"'¦; -."•.-'<:-->:•
UOt; SES ". FV HX1SHED--FOR- SALE*
NINE-ROOM - hoiise : . reasonable ; clean ; leaving
I :¦: dUi'. "f 305 Golden Gate ave.
¦'hBTiP WAXTEI)--FF!Wj> I.R^Cbii.
YOl'NG " ladles : for ¦' laboratory work ; no expe-
"."Tlence -necessary.'."; Apply 434 : , DacUson st. „•
BRIGHT -woman wanted to travel; good pay to
.right party. Box 1104*' Call bffice.
GIRL", wanted for. light housework and assUt in
' tea »tor?.212C^ Mission St., .-. •'
WANTED— 'A .-. tailortss for Tfeneral tailoring.
; 4C8^;Larkla,sC :•¦, ¦¦ -.- . -'• \ v '/. --
GIRL* for ceneral housework. . 210» Sacramento
•'•; street, v '.'.:'¦. -"-¦;.-. ' " •'
FIRST-CLASS trimmer and maker wanted." 72
:'¦• Geary st. .:¦¦ ".¦'¦". ' • - ••¦ *"¦¦' . ' . '
WANTED— Experienced millinery makers. -A p-
B plyrbetween a and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'-
W ANTED — A girl for second work and assist 1
with children. -71S Stelner st. t j
FOR .St. LouIb World's Fair. 50 ladles, work I
mammoth .'palmistry studio; $20 weekly: no
experience necessary; ; lllus, ' palmistry book
• with inrtruc'ions; 2. stamps, Frof. Frederick.
218 W. 125th st.. New York. Fair D<pt.. 132.
WANTED — An experienced proofreader on book
and. job work; one-who'has some knowledge
of Job printing preferred. 'Apply SANBORN,
VAIL^A CO.. 741" Market st. ', ;
WANTED — A No. 1' dressmaker, cutter and flt-
ter. Box 1 4224. Call of flee. -
APPRENTICE on pants. 156 New Montgomery
St., room 16 - , .'. '-'.• . ¦ "
WANTED— Pantu finishers. Apply S. N." WOOD
& CO.. 27 Gfcary st. " -¦-... "- ' -¦¦ ¦¦- "
GIRL for general housework and cooking.. Ap-
ply 1638 Buchanan, St., bet. 0 and 12. .-•-.-- ' .
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan' ft Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
¦ of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St., . opposite Fifth. '
Open until 11 p^ m. . • • -.''..
-^HELP WAKTED— MAliT 7
AT C. R- HANSEN 4 CO.'S:;.. 420 Bush it
Government work. State of Nevada.
Fee $1.. .......'.'.special rate far*
Teamsters, laborers, roekmen. I . . . .$2-$2 50
Boss- here..'.. ...Ship dally
4 plumbers.....'.."...'..".. .V..$4'60 day
Scraper foreman and 6 teamsters for a large
ranchi $35-?25 found. ' ' .' . ," ' -
Handy, man. Institution. ; : V ..... '.*.$30
Butcher, city, ?40; porter, ' Institution, city,
f25. .;. - •--¦----.¦" ¦ -.
./FTrnch or Italian cook,, city $40
¦ Baker-and pastry, cook and assist on range,
.country hotel. • • ,
Pastry'cook .'..... "."." 1 4.1
Walter- ...:.......:..,....... ;.;.... ...$30
S!lrennan and wait on help '.....$22 50
Mr. Frances, the camp cook, pleas* call
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 429 Bush st.
•-•-.. AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
93 THIRD ST. Telephone Main 5521.
SPECIAL ORDER. BPECIAL : ORDER.
. Nevada— Government work— Eight hours.
Special- Inducement. * Fare refunded.
25 teamsters .. .V. $2 25
15 elopers .......'...:.¦. .' $2
* We guarantee this proposition.
. HORD * SMITH.
AT the Cal. Emp. Agency. 14 TnlTd et.; phone
Bush 405: we shlo to Nevada dally; Gov-
ernment . work. 8. hours; teamsters, -laborers
and drillers. ?2 to $2 50 a day.
TWO second butlers. $5O-$45; references; man
to work In private stable. ' references: young
groom, $35. .MISS PLUNKETT, 4J5 : Sutter
'" St., near Powell. , ' • ¦•'
GOVERNMENT POSITIONS— More than 15.000
-• appointments last year; examinations soon;
. "thousands appointed were prepared, by. the
National ». Correspondence Institute. - Wash-
J. ington. D. C. Write for circular . J— 1. glv-
¦ ing - ll«t*of ponitlons. salaries, examinations,
-sample questions, etc., to our Pacific Coast
Office. 0*.'7 Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
SALESMAN WANTED expe-
. - rieneed traveling specialty salesman who Is
worth $3000 per year and expenses; position
Is permanent -and requires a man of brains j
and ability: -vaell known, responsible matui- |
. fncturer; staple, attractive, fast selling Hne
with, established trade; .write stating ex-
perience and line? sold. ' Address box 1215,
tCall office. ' . . .
FREE scholarships In Illustrating, Journalism,
. proofreading, advertls'-lng, bookkeeping sten-
'¦ ograjjhy or electrical engineering to those
who apply at once; mention couis?'dcslred.
CorreFpondenoe Institute of America, box
240, Scranton, Pa. ' '
SALESMAN— One enly in every electric lighted
city., town, village; doubles light; lessens ex-
i per.se; outfit complete 50c; pays big; sells at |
sight. SWARTS MFG. Co.. 42 Broadway.N.Y.
WANTED-^-Salesman 'calling on wlndbw shad a
and furniture dealers to carry desirable side
« line; liberal.- commission: state territory
- covered. TALBERT-WKITMORE CO., 8410
South. Main St., Los Angeles, , Cal. ...
WANTED — Stenographer; young man familiar
¦ with bookkeeping and stencgraphy: willing
.- to ¦ make himself -generally usefnl; wages
email to start;. good chance for advancement.
•Address Box -1CS1... Call office.'
WANTED — Ten men in each State to travel,
tack signs, distribute circulars and samples;
$60 . per month ; S3 per day ' for expenses.
KUHLMAN CO.. Dept. M-2, Atlas block,
Chicago. ' . ' 1 . r •
BY manufacturing house, trusty assistant for
branch; $18 pa|d weekly; no
capita! or previous lejjperience requlredi Ad-
¦ drees Superintendent, Oomo block, Chicago.
WANTED — Stenographer familiar with. general'
Insurance . brokerage bttsUte^s. Address box
. ,1146. .Call office, giving references, stating
previous experience and salary expected.
INTELLIGENT American couple wanted:
raise chickens and small farming ore shares;
healthy location; plant established. Address,
statinc'exiwrlence. box 1071. Call, i
WE nay $S0 a month and expenses to . men
with rlg^"" to introduce: poultry compound;
yrar's contract. 'Defiance Mfg. Co.. Dept. 77,
, Parsons. Kans. ~ ' • y\ c • . ¦
WE pay $32 a week and expenses to men with
¦" rigs to ¦ Introduce poultry comoound;- year's
contract. Imperial Mfg. Co., Dept. : 54. Par-
>ons. Kans. . . . ¦
-WANTED — Men everywhere; good pay: to dls-
tribute-circulars, adv. matter, tack signs, etc.
No canvassing. National Adv. Bureau.Chlcago 1
WANTED — Experienced - -traveling . salesman !
for California at once; good pay and perma- j
, nent position. Address drawer S." Chicago.
WANTED — Hustlers to -tack, signs, distribute
j circulars, samples, etc.: no, canvassing;; food
pay. ; Sun Advertising Bureau, Chicago. |
HAVE you any spare time? \ Sell installment !
real estate for us: salary and commission.
HENSLEY GREEN, CO.. Mills bldg. - ,, j
EXPERIENCED boy to run r electric elevator:
references required; apply j Monday," "8 : a. m.
17-19 Sansome ¦ st. -" • ¦'¦ ' ¦ -
GOOD salesman can 'secure -good position at
Western Correspondence University, 025 Gold-
¦ en Gate ave. -.- .-- ;'., ,>¦¦'- ¦•-'... - : — •¦'¦-'- ¦ - -
.¦WANTED— Good platen pressman for Gordon
and Universal presses. Apply ; SANBORN.
VAIL & CO.. 741 Market st. . :
MEN for civil service positions. For particu-
lars, address R. :C. P., box 30, Supreme
Court building, city. . ' ¦ ; - ¦ .. .-• -
BARUER '*hop for sale, cheap; fine f business:
fine location: party leaving the city. C47
~ CommercNl st. ' ¦
TH REE-chalr barber shop; cbenp; good loca- '
tlon; must sell; have other business. 211 oth. ,
DETECTIVES— Every where : good salary: no ex- j
perience. Intl. Det<?ctlve_Apcy.,_lllwaukee,W. :
WANTED— Hen learn tailor cutting; prices rea- 1
sonable. PROF. F.J. LESSWING, 1026 Po«t.
MAN for stable work. Apply 243 Capp tt.
BOY'' wanted at '15 Washington st.' .-
WANTED— Good barber.* 00* Vi Folsom st.
WANTED— A youns man. good : appearance.- for
¦ Insurance business. G.~ S.. -421' California at. ;
rV;LIADLE. capable young man for real estate j
¦ buslnees. Box 1041, Call office... ¦•• I
BOY. 13 to 15 years; good references. , Box 1000
; t Call. office.:; ¦¦: ¦; ¦ /. -, ¦, ¦ ;-. . r ;- -. -. ' ,
OFFICEboy inwholesale house: hours 7 to 6:
-give age. and wages wanted. 1140 Call office.
ELDERLY "man 'as caretaker #f small country i
.¦i place. $5 and found, v Box ¦ 1CC5A Call. j
WAGON ' boys want«d." : Apply ' superintendent's
. ...of flee.-. The Emporium. , ... ;. v ' ' '. .
SAILORS 'andrgretn hands ± tor 'steam whaler:,'
-;^fishing and , trading.,-!; 504 -,• Davis st. ; j -\.~
M'ANTED— A neat>young : man a» ¦ soda clc-.ji
at GRi;ENHAGEN;BHOS.'. = 20 Kearny.st. 1 1
A FIRST-CLASS tailor. • 23 Stockion »i. ;"/
PARTIES ; with ¦ teacher's* " certificates • and no
> .
BO Y wanted 'r.tC."5 Hares; st. . -
A DISH WASHER. 7 wanted at" 1431 Fourth st.';
'.: call;, early. : ;'.', ; - r 7T-..-'.": ' ¦• •¦-,.:*-'.-; ¦-''¦¦, - .¦
WANTED— Second-hand ."'cash carrier. "VCBox
; . 1180,;; Call office. :. , »:,*.", " '
STRONG boy. ,365 Turk 1st,'-' ' •
__ _ ; HOPSES J*O VET; _\ , ' ' '
A— PRINTED list of hous.'s to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
A COMPLETE list of houses and flata mailed
on application.
?1G— ;;l« Fern ave.. off Gough st.. near
Bush: 5 rooms and bath: will be put In' order
to «-!t t«MM. '.. •.-.--¦/".-
$19 to *22— SW. cor. 8th and Harrison sts.;
ji'it comnleted: msveral modern . 4-room cot-
tLgcs and bath; modern plumbing; every con-
venience; see Janitor on premises.
$45— ibh" Greer. n-jar Laguna; 'house. 0
rot-ma end bath; just put In first-class condi-
tion: unobstructed marine view.
« .?50— 103O Hatrht st.. near Broderick: 9
rooms and bath; convenient to Park; up to
dite In every particular. .
?75 — 2224 Clay, rear Buchanan; ¦ modern
Western Addition hou«e. 12 rooms and bath;
sunny and desirable: first-class condition.-
?S0 — 112 Turk, near Jones; 1(> rooms and
bath and basement; suitable for rooming pur-
pcres.
$200—000 Eddy. NW. cor. Franklin: splendid
residence. 20 rooms and baths; suitable for
private boardlnz-house or ciub purposes: will
be rut In condition to suit tenant; permit for
Inspection at office.
If you are looking for an apartment do not
fail to inspect the magnificent apartments In
j the Warren. 7ol Post St., corner Jones; 1 8
i rocms and bath each; rents are reasonable and
incSuda . Janitor and elevator service, water
and steam heat: see Janitor on premise*.
SHAINWALD. Bl'CKBEE & CO..
21S-22O Montsomery st.; ¦'¦
Mills building.
LIBERTY. 12V— S rooms, bath, basement; $30
month : will be nut In complete order.
MCALLISTER. 12e» — 12 rooms, bath aad bil-
Hard-roora; $P0: water free; modern. ¦.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of house*
to let. BALDWIN A HOWXLL, 25 Peat st.
HOUSES TO LET— KUH.ViSHED.
A COMPLETE furnished house of •rooms;
piano; large basement: 2 blocks from pan-
handle: fine view; will rent. for any length
of time; reference. For further particular*
apply 110 Clay st- . ' '
SUNNY house of ten rooms, completely tsr-
nlshed; choicest neighborhood in W*st*n
Addition: marln* vlrw. Box 1144, Call.
5 ROOMS. . completely furnished tor house-
keeping; rent very -reasonable; call Sunday.
12 Lily ay., off Franklin at.
HOUSES TO LET — SAUSAL.1TO.
TO let. for six months or longer, new asvan-
rwim house' on the hill: completely fur-
alBh«»d.- Box 1013. Call office. -
SUBURB.!*: HOUSES.
NICE 5-room fur. cottage ¦ for wile: San An-
selroo. Marln County. Box 4240. Call. .
- HOUSES WAXTED. *
YOUNG couple would like care of house' for
summer months; refs. given. . 810 Turk st.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
REGULAR auction sales of horses; buggies,
wagons and harness every Monday at 11
o'clock at 615 Ellis st.; all horses guaranteed
to Ixt as represented. 8. WATKINS, Auc-
tinoneer. Phone East 743.
AUCTION sale of horses *v*ry Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth St.: every horse must ba
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
SECOND-HAND open backs, wagonettes. 3-
seatars and business buggies. CORVILL
MANUFACTURING CO., 43 Eighrh st.
NICE young team for aate at Chase's Sal*
/ Stables, cor. Van Ness av*. and Market at.
ROBERTS. ..
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College — Next
session begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 510 Golden Oaf ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Address Nucleus. 190 Stevenson, S.F.
WANTED — To hire horse and dragon in good
order by the month at 942 Geary *t.
FOR sale — 2 good business horses and 1 top
buggy. Centennial stables, 1525 California st.
KOR sale cheap— 2 platform wagons, barnesa,
2 good horses at 1327 Pierce at. , -
FOR sale — A cushion-tired buggy; good condi-
tion. Box 4130. Call office. *
WE want to hire 1C0 head of good work horse*
or mule*. HORD A SMITH. 95 Third *t.
SECOND-hand one-horse dry goods wagon at
ROBERTS'. 1615 Market et.
I FOR SALS — Dark bay buggy horse. 6 years
( old. Box 4211. Call office.
HIGH-CLASS pacer, record 2:20; bike, buggy,
harnet*. etc., for sale cheap. . 1000 Geary *t.
Dr. J. H. Halton, veterinary surgeon. Office,
hospital moved 814 Folsom: tel. Je«sU 160C
Al EXPRESS wagon, light camping wagon
. and go-cart for sale, cheap. 532 Mission *t.
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. aur-
rey.harnens.work.drlvlng horses. 15th-Valencla-
IXVESTMKSTS. !
AM ¦ obliged to sell Immediately $1500 la stock
of well-known San Francisco company, easily
worth from $«00 to $1000; will sell for $350
cash; I need the money; principals only. Box
1027, Call office.
WE own oil property Immediately adjoining
that of a comcany who have eleven pro-
ducing wells: capital needed for development:
will offer Investors a rood Deposition: no.
stock speculator* wanted. Box . 105S, CarTT
WANTED — Buyer for 6 per cent gold bonds;
guaranteed by Trust Co. I. J. TRUMAN.
006 Call building. San Francisco. -
AA — EASTERN gentleman wishes to Invest
his money in California. Box 1023.' Call.
LOST AND FOUJID.
LOST— A pass book with the Htbcmla Sav-
tngs and Loan Society of San Francisco. In
the name of HANNAH BURKE. No. 184-619.
\ The finder will please return to bank.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernla Bav-
lngs and Loan Society of San Francisco tn
the name of Grace King. No. 216-697; th»
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— March 31 or April 1. pay ea*ek In
name of H. L. Sanborn: -- payment stopped.
Return room 9O. Railroad building, Fo-arta
and Townsend sts.; reward-
LOST— Last Thursday at Oak and Ashbury sts.
black cocker spaniel pup; tag 4579; reward
$5. 1213 Jones st.
LOST — Near ferry, case containing collars and
underwear, marked Kaller Fitzgerald. * Oak-
land ireward. Merchants' Express Co., 15 Spear
LOST— In the vicinity of Post and Kesray
sts., a gold lorgnette with three dia-
monds on one side and monogram VV." R-
D." on th* other. Liberal ' reward " paid
fcr return to rcom 30k, Crocker building.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in th«
name of PATRICK PRCNTY, No. 45-470.
The finder will please return to bank.
STRAYED — A young Scotch t*rrt*r, FritJ.
from 239 Twenty-eighth St.; reward tor ala
return.' _ •> . _> ;•
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Th* Weekly Call.
16 pagea. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
JHATKIMOXIAJL. . ¦ ' ¦"
YOUNG lady. 23 (widow). " untmcumbered. ' has
a nice home, also other property, and «om*
cash wishes to meet a young gentleman of
good* habits and refined, who l» matrimonial-
ly Inclined; no triflers or agenta. Box 4050,
Call office. .
GENTLEMAN 61-years old. has a fine ham*,
would like to correspond with a lady who
would not object. to living in the country;
object matrimony.": Box 4221. Call office.
WIDOWER (no children) with a nice home and
money in bank, would like to . correspond
with a lady matrimonially Inclined; strictly
confidential; no trtfiera.* Box 4199. Call.
MECHANIC 43. steady work, healthy and so-
ber would like to meet a lady who would
be a rood housekeeper; object matrimony.
Box 4118. Call office. „¦¦....
MIDDLE-AGED* wldpw*r (American), v with
- means wishes to meet a lady with some
means: object matrimony; no triflers. Box
"4CS3. Call office. '.>"¦¦¦¦.- .
YOUNG lady. 22. at hone with parents/ wlsbe*
to correspond with an educated young man
of good habits; object matrimony. Box 4026.
Call office. -,-.--.-¦ ¦'¦ .
YOL'NG man; educated and refined, wish** to
• meet a young ladv. with some means: ob-
ject matrimony. Box 4200. Call office.
WIDOWER" 50.- would. like to correspond with
a lady about 40; object 'matrimony. Box
-'"¦ 40C8. Call office..
,; at epical. ~
DR. : G.W.' O'DONNELL — All who are sick or
In trouble ¦ consult this specialist on female
'.¦ complaints: : positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped :~'-th«. most -difficult cases treated:
H advice free. Olflce^ 101* Market *C
A ' DESTITUTE women's friend : free : secluded ,
•home during confinement; also , housekeeplns
rooms: Infants adopted In rwd homes.
"- J MRS.. DR. FUNKE.H16 Sth St.; . Alameda.
For Additional Classified ; Advertlae-
menta Sec Page ' Forty-Six.THE CALL, .SUNDAY;' APRIL 3r:! 1904;
46
ROOMS Pnj^rs.
SANCHEZ,- 298-^Furnlshed rooms.
STEVENSON, 797 %". | nearl Ninth— Nicely fur-
nlghttl ifllngle rooms ' cheap. 7 -¦; ¦-¦-..;.- : . ".
STOCKTON, 41 and'45 — Nicely furnished sunny
' front suites: also single roomsfor gentlemen,
« $1 60, $2 60 - $8 week." Phone Black 5291. '
SIXTH ave..;760. just, off Golden Gate > Park]
near Chutes — 3 1 unfurnished l rooms ; • $10 mo.
TEHAMA; . 154-rFurnished rooms to let
TEHAMA.* 326— Nice ' sunny, furnished rooms;
use of bath, and telephone. •¦ ' .
" — ~ — r~" — —~ — . — ¦ — -— — — ' 1
TREAT ave; 1127— Furnished rooms.
TREAT ave.. 1205 — Furnished rooms to let.
TURK, 32 — Newly furnished sunny rooms, ea
suite or single; transient; Just opened. |
TURK. 926— Furnished rooms. !¦ ; -' -
TURK. 780— An attractive suite; modern ; cen-
tral location; gentlemen preferred; reason-
able. . - . . . ; . -
TWENTY-SIXTH, 3367, In Mission warm belt
— 1 nice room for gentleman; $5.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms. 35c. to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
. trie lights (no. gas), running ' water in every
room: alevator. read. -room; free bus; baggage. ¦
WOLF House. 2O2 Sixth— Electric light In every
room; 15c to $1 a night; 76c to $5 a week;
open all night; convenient to all cars.
VALENCIA; 469— For rent, 2 unfurnished
rooms. •
VAN NESS, 218— Neatly furnished, sunny front
room.
VAN NESS ave., 320— Sunny, bay-window
room; very reasonable. , r
VAN NESS sve.. 619— Elejrant front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN NESS. 826 — Elegant sunny parlor bed-
room In modern flat; running water.
WANTED— A woman occuDant for back
room; rent $7 month. Apply 1022 Mission st.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
85c to $1 60 nlsrht: $2 to $8 week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggag«.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
EDGEMERE HOTEL.
731 Bush st.. above Powell; select first-
class residential hotel; elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heated and private exchange telephones In
every room; terms reasonable.
B..DU CARPB,,Prop.
BOARD for the summer in a nice private
home In San Leandro; one hour's ride to
San Francisco: all the fruit, vegetables, but-
ter, eggs and chickens; home raised; accom-
modations first dags and home like; rates
very reasonable. Box 4276. Call. '£
SUMMER board !ln a pleasant country home
In Sonoma County, near San Francisco, and
close to Petaluma: Sally train and boat serv-
ice; climate unsurpassed; terms reasonable.
Box 4058. Call office. /•
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1016 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
ELEGANT eunny room; corner; en suite or
¦Ingle; latest appointments; table first class.
Inquire 1205 O'Farrell.
DUNCAN, 323. bet. 27th and 23th— Large front
or back parlor, with or without board; home
comfort; bath; private; reasonable.
GREENWICH, 014, near Taylor — Two well .
furnl5bed rooms with all conveniences, with <
or without board; private family.
HOWARD. 841A— First-class board with room,
single or double. $4 50-$5 week: American 1
family: home cooking; home comforts; piano.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter — Sunny rooms;
excellent table; from $40; single $25.
O'FARRELL. 1420 — Sunny rooms; private fam-
' lly; good board; bath, phone.
THE LAKE, 268 Turk st— Suites and single
rooms, with board; prices reasonable.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, with baths; also single; homelike.
ROOMS WASTED
EDUCATED - lawyer with small general li-
brary wants to place books In private home
and permit use thereof for occasional access;
references; state. particulars. Box 1157. Call.
SEWING MACHINES AMD SUPPLIES?
AT half srice or less you can buy a new
White sewing machine that Is slightly shop-
worn at our city . offices, 300 Post St., 1841
FUlniorc and 708 Valencia.
RENT the best; we have 100 new White sew-
ing machines for rent at $2 per month.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO., 300 Post
st, telephone Black 1106. -
DOMESTIC — The machine for family use;
best Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
any Drice: all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10, $15, $20; second-
- hand, $3, $3, $8: all styles; guaranteed New
Home Sewing Machine Co.. 1051 Market st
----- - S . FE 5? A 5l P. 0 .?*. 1 *? 13 ??- .'..¦¦¦:.¦¦
A GUARANTEED cure for piles; Peter Freil-
ing's pile salve, $1 per box; warranted to
'ture.all cases of bleeding, itching,' external,
internal or protruding piles, also fistula, with-
out fall, no matter how long standing. 1623
Devisadero et, near Sutter.
Ladles! Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars.' "Relief for Ladies"
In letter by return mail./ Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
¦ ¦-'- - : ' SPECIALISTS. _ ¦ _
CATARRH/DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
ment free' Dr. Cottlngham, 204 Sutter st
1 ____________
SLOT MACHINES.
Slot machines. $25; punchers/ $25; lifters.' card
machlnes.?20. W.A.Bradford Ca.1185 Market.
STUTTEniXO AND STAMMERING.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness _ Market,
promises cure If in fair health; hours 1 to 5.
MARRIAGE LICENSES. 7
Marriage licenses - were Issued yesterday as
follows: 1 \ ' , ¦'
Vernon Wilkinson, 26. 906 Capp street, and
Frances : Ladley,' 21, Berkeley.
William F. Kretschmer. 42. 16 Colllngwood
st, and Agathe F. Kruse, 32, 4O7A Grove st
George H. Probasco. 21, 1478 Page street,
and Nancy A. Place, 21, 34 Essex street. -
Edward Lahue, 41, 1312 Van Ness avenue,
and Lizzie Shade, 45, 1405 Lyon street.
William J. Drew, 21, city, and Viva B.'Mc-
Arthur. 18, city. .-¦¦• ¦ .
George J. Lampton, 34, 3026 Twenty-sixth
St.. and Ellen McDermott. 34,'clty. '
- Paul F. Ramm, 25. East Oakland, and Mary
E. Peterson, 17,. 143 Vi Welsh street. '
Thomas F. Martin, 21, '11% Page street, and
S. Stella Blanchard, 23. 1606 Bryant street.
George D. Bailey, '28, city, and Nora H. Mac-
Donald, 24. city. 1. - r' ',
-Emll'W. Schernateln, 24. • 806 : Treat avenue,
and Ludle Williams, 20. Oakland.
Frank H.Gwlnn, 31. Stockton, and Ethel E.
Dean, -27. 531 Turk street. . - j-
Albert A. Thacher. 24, Point Richmond, and
Marie L: Mallory,' IS, 1929 Geary street
Louis Whlteman, 32, 1617B Dolores street,
and Bessie H. t Hlckox. 22, 1775 Mission street.
Lourl;Rlnne,: 31. -610 Montgomery; street, and
Hetvlk • Ahanen, 23. 4 Bond street' \
: Charles A." Humphrey. '38, .Los Angeles, , and
Catherine E.- O" Keefe, 21, - Los Angeleo. ' (
. ' Charles E. 'Hume, 24, > Oakland, and Eleanor
CECkart, 20, 3014 Clay street-
Leon Hastings. 35, New Orleans, and Pauline
Meyer,- 20, Bowling Green, :Ky. ' -, ¦
Henry P. Monaithan, :¦ 25, " 310 Clipper ; street,
and. Elizabeth J. Foley. 10.'- 310 Clipper street.
W Patrick Knight- 26, .711. Tennessee street and
Mary Connelly. 24, 186 Shipley street.
" Thomas J. ¦ Clyne, 21, * 109 South = Park,' and
Emma A. Hutt,.18, 109 South Park"
- Henry ¦ Vautrin, 25, \> 323 ; Jeesle i street . and
Lenore ¦ E. ¦ Taylor; 36. ¦* 323 "Jessie street.
' •¦• Mateo ¦ Flgols, 21, -941% * Jackson street,' and
Maria Lugea. 21. 1312 Powell -street.- .
• Giuseppe Demartlni. 36," Ingleslde,' and "Rosa
Cella, 20,^ 45 ¦ Colllngwood ; street. . ' ". 0- ;ji
' ; BIrthi * marriage" and 'death notices ', sent by
mall 'will not be Inserted.'' They must be handed
In at - either of ' the f publication offices* and • be
Indorsed * with * the name and residence ¦ of per-
sons ¦; authorized ' to " have . the > same ¦ published. -
Notices "restricted 'simply 1 to the announcement
of , the ' event are ; published < once In this column
free of charge...' • ' ' '. ' -\
BORN.
CAIN— In this ; city. ; March \ 19, 1904, ; to": the
' '-.wife! of :j.t Cain,-: a daughter. ,' *',:-,:¦;,
CURTS— In this . city. ,' March 31. 1904, to the
; ;* wife^of : Harry; E. ;Curts,*a son. •: .¦; ;'.'•.. :*,• •¦ : .
FRED RICKS— iri'i this -city,' March ; 29,^ 1904,
;:C tothei.wlfeof .W.C; Fredrick*; of Mexico,
a~so_ ¦>•- n ¦ •
j MISCELLAXEOips WANTS.^ j
< wXnTED—KW 000.00 in old gold. If the '
i readers of The Call will Kindly get out their
old gold, silver, old Jewelry and platinum.
' bring or tend it to us by mall or express.
, we will remit at once money or certified
check for full value. Consignment will be
returned to you in exactly the same condi-
tion as received If the amount Is not up to
your pxiwotation. Bank references. LICH-
TENSTEIN BROS.. _ Stockton et.. city.
CALIFORNIA Hou*ewr^cker Co. Days the
hightet rrice for buildings and will remove
the largest building In 10 days. Office and
yard K. W. cor. Mi"«ion and Tenth «ts.
WANTED — To buy. hlch pitch A clarinet
W. FISHER. Minna building. San Jose. |
WANTED— 2d- hand windows and doors (3x6)
with frames; good conditioa__Box 1035. Call. |
ONE combination pool and billiard table;
rood condition. Address box 1178. Call.
WANTED — Second-hand tank and frame. Ad- ]
drese C. J. GARDNER. 203 Guerrero st. i
1 GOOD Maltese cat wanted; price no object
Apply lH>0 Howard st.. grocery store.
i BOWLING alley, etc.,' wanted eecend-hand.
Box 1103. Call office. Oakland.
WANTED — A Jigsaw. C34 Pest st
MOORING Tor 35-foot eloop. Box 1183, Call
office.
SHOES wanted: misfit _ castoff; highest pres. ;
new & 2d hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
TILTON wants pood second-hand clothing and
theatrical goodr. 154 Oth Rt. : tel. Jesula 2SS1.
MOXEY TO LOAN.
LIFE Insurance policies; loans on same; we I
•rive higher loan values than companies, j
United Loan and Trust Company. 21 Stockton j
ct. <second floor); phone Bush 4S4.
YOUR credit is good for money at the UNITED '•
LOAN and TRUST COMPANY. 21 Stockton '
ct. (upst&irc); if you hold a salaried position,
on your note, without knowledge of your
friends or employer; lowest rate; quick ser- ¦
vice; confidential treatment: call, write- or
telephone Burh 4S4; we are the best equipped
company in the city, with offices convenient- ,
ly and centrally located; separate rooms, ar- .
ranged to that the strictest privacy Is as-
sured.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner Build ing.
Quick settlement*: no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Eetates. second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignment* of rents; property In trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In- I
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $i:000,000.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT.
FIRST. SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTD3S.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST. /
107-8-9-10-11. CROCKER BUILDING. S. F.
________
A. reasonable amount on
let. "d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
cf property or chattels.
Location, etc.
Box 4CS. Call office.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, Jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protect- \
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND 1
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 484. j
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer- ¦
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without .
security; eaey payments; large business In .
46 principal cities. Tolman. 553 Parrott bid.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano, !
without removal or other security; no com.; I
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. CS Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st. :
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
rt. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds. Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned on 2d and 3d mortgages, un-
divided interests, real estate in probate. Ufa
«Etates. United Loan and Trust Co., 21
Stockton st <upstalrs).
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonda. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store, j
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch.19 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.rm. 7. <
MONEY to loan on low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MUNICIPAL IX>AN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW eaay method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
priv8cy;no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMA1N. room 81, 6 Eddyet
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 70S Market st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav.Bk.bld. |
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 009 Examiner building.
MO.\_Y \VA.NT__.
$2000 — AT 7 per cent; repay Interest and
principal monthly: security, income realty.
Box 1057. Call office.
~MI^ICALjlNSTRC»lEXTS.
ALL UPRIGHTS:
Fischer, new $325, now $150.
Hertz, new $300. nbw $67.
Miller, new $3uO, now $145.
3 Emerson, new $250 to $350. now $160.
2 Chickering, new $150, now $100. $185.
2 Steinway, new $575, $750, now $185, $325.
Heine, new $575. now $333.
Rents $2 up; installments, $4 up. Rent ap-
plied if purchased.
HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237 Geary St
Oakland— 1252 Broadway.
A FEW GOOD UPRIGHT BARGAINS—
Chlckering, waluut case, used one year;
Steinway. ebony case, used two years;
Knabe, largest size, fancy walnut; Hames
Bros. Paul's favorite, a snap; Curtax. small
Eire used IS months: Marshall, flue order,
thoroughly repaired, from $150 up; these in-
struments must be teen to be appreciated.
BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
Chickertng agents.
ONLY piano bouse In the city that will rent
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
6 months' rent and cartage off purchase
price: sole agents for "McPhall. Schiller and
ether makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes.
A FEW unredeemed storage pianos (also furni-
ture) will be sold to cay storage dirt cheap.
WHITEHEAD'S storage. 1636 Market st
SMALL pianos for small apartments; great
tone; rent or sale. Byron Mauzy. 308 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ - CO.. 16 McAllister st
3-PEDAL Steinway up. ;Chlckertng baby grand;
Shoclnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
IF you want bargains come now; .ilanos al-
most given away. Hornung. ?16 McAllister.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzey planoi. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 oagon. In wrapper, for ensiling. $1 tw year.
OFFICES AXP STORES TO LET,
STORE. EE. corner Hyde and Green sts., suit-
able for fruit grocery, butcher, etc.: repairs
to suit tenant: low rent Apply J. DIMMER,
attorney. 411% California et. room 6.
PERSONALS. ___'_)_
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forgfiet the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number. 781 O'Farrell st. near Larkin.
Call QQ write for book, free,
"^f.nts on Beauty."
FARTT going to Portland. Seattle and Spo-
kane would like to make the acquaintance
of a young or middle-aged lady desiring to
make the trip as companion: etate particu-
lars: object matrimony. Box 1019. Call
office. . ¦ •¦• T-' : ,' "'.
Al SUITS to crder at SI weekly. We have
contracts with leading bouses to • take all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on Installments cheaper than I
others do -(or cash. LEON LEMO6, merchant
tailor. 1127 Market tl.. bet 7th and 8th.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its erowth.Etops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stlcktnesx;
cleanses tcalp.at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no tutntitutc. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk
A— MICROTINE. a positive cure for catarrh.
. cold in the h«ad, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 9th.
j .
ADVERTISING ''.WORLD/, Columbus, . Ohio, a
; ' monthly journal of information," plans, sug-
gestions and ideas for advertising. : Send to-
day for free sample, or 10c for 4 months' trial.
TAKE notice — I have sold all of my interest
in the firm of Johns-ton & Ellis, California
Market, to Robert H.~ Johnston, : on, March
22. 1004. E. V. ELLIS. .. ;
Cancerous lumps, sorec Impure, blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
(killed specialist from Europe.. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
A WOMAN'S friend: destitute free; secluded
! home during contlnement; housekeeping
j room? In connection if desired. MRS. DR.
' KM1L1E FUNKE, 1410 Eighth st. Alamedx
I RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenllle-wov* ruga, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank ' or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews, 70!» Fifth St.. Oakland.
j DEAFNESS — Free demonstrations dally of the
j Acoustlcon and Massacon M R. Hutchln-
SON'S Inventions, at HUTCHINSON ACOU9-
TIC CO.. 417- IS Starr King building.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoau
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market et
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
S12 Sbotwell; consultation free; call or write
HAIR grown gray restored; plrsples, wrinkles,
all blemishes removed; shampooing specialty.
MME. ROUME. 231 Post, parlor* 13 and 14.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thure.. Bat. and Sun.;
classes Merxlay*. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
MARRIAGE paper — Prints photos and all ad-
dresses; 8 pages, 10c; correspond without fur-
ther expense. A. Stover, box 6C7, Chicago.
{ WONDERFUL Hair Grower; growB beautiful
1 heavy hair; tested; guaranteed;- receipt 25c.
1 G. 3. D.. box 402. Greenfield. Mass. '.
1 .
I WILL «rive free treatment to every lady call-
in; this week at the Gim Facial Massage
Device Parlors, 517 Taylor st.
GOLDEN GATE, 300 cor. — Laundry, barber
shop; clxars. tobacco, newspapers, suits
cleaned.
WHITE — Just able to be around. Send all the
news. . BLACK.
4-7— YOURS Just received: real glad to hear
from you; am well. L. and K.
Prof. S. de Loutsky. dermatologist. 1567 Post
st.; modern facial treatment; at ' home.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS & CO. (inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
i 6UPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers. 1170 Market.
Actlna restores lost eyesight ; cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA Co.. 352* lDth. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 369 Sut-
ter, r. 601). Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE 2osturr.es, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE euit $7 M>; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to It* natural color. ?1: at all druggists'.
PALJUSTUY.
MADAM DEVAS. — j
PALMIST AND ASTROLOGIST. LIEBEd
BUILDING. 139 POST ST,
MME. NEERGARD. located at 242 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
H. JEROME FOSELLL scientific palmirt 515
Taylor Rt. near Geary. Phone Black 661.
PAPEItHAXGISG. PA I G. ETC.
. ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting
1 Hartmann Paint Co.. 31!) Third: tel. Main 413
I ¦ 1 '¦
' PHYSICIANS AJiD SURGEON!*.
DR. C. C. 6 7 DONNELL^Ofnc^ and resldenceT
i k 1021»4 Market st. bet. 6th and 7th; panic u-
; lar attention paid to diseases of women.
' BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
¦ DR. BALL. 1073% Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor;
|- treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at' 115-117 Maaon; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tal. herb doctor, cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
STORAGK AyiP^^WAREHOCSBg.
i A— GILBERT & MOORE Storage Co.: storage. !
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van :
Ness; office 1236 Market r. 84; tel. South 750.
A — EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co. : furniture,
i household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st. nr. Third; phone Grant 161. I
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
nce Post and Powell sts.; tel. Priv. Ex. 671.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.: phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage: advances made. 840
Mlsalon st; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfusa.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 251.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
St.: tel Main 1840 Shipping at cut rates.
KOOMS FOR IIOl'SEKEEPIXG.
A NUMBER of very desirable sunny apart-
ments. 3 and 4 rooms each, with bath, toilet
elevator, etc.: unfurnished or furnished to
order; new house. The St Charles. 1560
Sacramento st. near Larkln.
; CALIFORNIA. 729 — Two partly furnished
housekeeping; gas; quiet, private; adults; $10.
EDDY. 429 — 2 rooms, furnished for housekeep-
ing, $16; no children.
EDDY. 933 — Four furnished or unfurnished
rooms; private residence; fine location; adits.
EIGHTEENTH. 3462. near Valencia— 2 neatly
furnished rooms; housekeeping.
ELLIS, 310—3 elegantly furnished rooms, suit-
able for physician's office or light bousekpg.
ELLIS, 611 — Two nicely furnished connecting
rooms, one alcove room; light housekeeping;
running water, bath and phone.
ELLIS, CS5 — Well furnished bay-window al-
cove room; running water, gas, range; $20.
ELGlx PARK, 56 — 3 sunny unfurnished rooms,
new arid modern, for man and wife; key 76.
FOURTH, 323 — Corner room and kitchen; com-
plete for housekeeping. Call bet. 1 and 4.
FULTON, 442^ — Sunny iurnished rooms for
housekeeping; five minutes' walk City Hall.
GEARY. 1635—2, 3, 4 rooms, newly furnished
for housekeeping; gas range, bath, phone;
rent reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 439—3 furnished
rooms . for housekeeping; - gas; bath.
GUERRERO, 930. bet. 21st and 22d— 3 fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping; no children.
HYDE, 1406— Two sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; use of bath; $12.
JESSIE. 323 — Large sunny front parlor, fur-
- nlshed housekeeping, gas range, $14 month.
KEARNY. 104— Sunny front suite; $11; un-
furnished; adults.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
Eunny. furnished , 3-room suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted; free baths: rate $30 up.
LARKIN,' 817% — Nicely furnished sunny \ front
room; folding bed, gas stove; reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH, 515—2 or 3 rooms, com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; sunny.
LILY ave, 12, off Franklin — 5 1 rooms com-
pletely furnished; rent very reasonable; call
Sunday. ¦..._,
MARKET, 1609, opp. Van Ness — Three unfur-
nished rooms for housekeeping: $16.
MARKET. 1824— Nicely furnished connecting
sunny front rooms; bay-window and gas
range. «. . - -¦ ¦ . . .¦
MASON. - 417 — Furnished apartments for house-
keeping, single or en suite. , «.j.«, ;,* . .
MASON, 700, cor. Bush — Two sunny rooms, for
light housekeeping; completely furnished; $15
. per month.' r > .
MCALLISTER, 536 — Large sunny parlor; gas
range; hot bath; laundry; $12; others $7;
adults. ,-¦_'*-. . >
MINNA) 353. rear — Fine room, with use- of
kitchen. $2 per -week; home comforts. 1 ~ •
MISSION, '¦ 845 — 2 nicely furnished rooms; big
yard for. children; rent $12. .
MODEL House, 1206 Stockton— New, furnished
single, double hsekpg. rms.; gas,. bath ;$5-$12.
NATOMA, 415% — Sunny rooms ; ; light house-
keeping; gentleman or' lady. '
OAK, 117 — Sunny rooms; gas range; hot bath;
laundry; adults; $1 25 to $2 25 week.
OAK, 352 — Three newly furnished: sunny
rooms, also basement' room:. $5.
O'FARRELL. 623— Nicely furnished, front al -
,-covesulte; separate kitchen. . . .
PAGE, 278— Two sunny, housekeeping, rooms;
complete.' . . . • '. : ¦
PINE. ¦• 1S29 — Unfurnished : sunny parlors,'' run-"
nlng water; *. regular . kitchen : -.- gas, . ; bath."
phone; garden;. $18; lower flat $12; Bingle $10.
POLK. 1404 — Sunny furnished rooms: single or
'housekeeping; gas range, bath; with or with-
out board; ; rent reasonable.
.ROOMS ;' FOR*. HOUSEKEEPING — Con.
POLK, 612— Bedroom? small kitchen." gas stove,
baths: $14;, no- children..'. . " " '
SUTTER, 1022^, nr.' Hyde-^-2 large sunny par-
lors: gas grate: phone: « laboratory; '- kitchen.
TAYLOR.: 011—2 furnished attic rooms, gas
range.'$ll; single room, gas range, $6 50. r '
TWELFTH; 232— Nice single* front room. $0
.' month ; suitable for/ gentleman. > • , ' ;
TWENTY-SIXTH,- 3367, , near Mission cars—
$12;' 2 frontsunny housekeeping rooms. V . ¦
VALENCIA. 822— Two or five sunny furnished
housekeeping, rooms; bath, electric light and
• running water. . , - ' : ' ' ' '
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
HOTJSEKEEPIKfQ : BOOMS WA-T-P.
WANTED — By a young married couple, 2 fur-
nished rconu and kitchen, with gas range;
bath; north of Market St.. within 15 minutes'
walk from Kearny and Market. Address,
stating price, box .711, Call office. :
MAN and wife want "3 furnished rooms, ! with
gas range, for, housekeeping: north of Market
mu and clofe to Third and Market; please
state rent Box 4208. Call office.
YOUNG couple want housekeeping' room, not
over $10; private family. Box 1033. Call.
APARTMENT HOUSES.
A ST. HILAIRE APARTMENTS — — — -
LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEARY
Will be ready for occupation in a few
days. Everything new. Make your
reservations now. Elegantly furnished
apartments with private bath — 2 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat; electric light; ele-
.vator; private phones; rates reasonable.
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 18. '
1084 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make ' reservations now. : '. ; ¦ '
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection in elegantly furn. 8-roora
apartments; private baths, steam heat,"elec-
tric lights, elevator, gas ranges; $30 to $55.
ST. LOUIS, 1575 Jackson at. — Modern 8-4-8
rooms; also single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine . view ; references. Phone East 1350.
_FA_TM_irr TOR SA__.
APARTMENT house: centrally located and
beautifully furnished throughout; every mod-
ern convenience. 31 3-room apartments and
hath; clears over $450 per month. Box 1090.
Call office.
ROOMS TO ''ET-^Fi^n^andMDnfsirsi^
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
116 AND 117 EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DAT— HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 ROOMS: 36 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM:
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 60 to $2 50 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041. - -
t« ~~ ASHWORTH HOTEU
820 Mason st. bet. Geary and O'FarrelL
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Just completed; entire house
newly renovated: sun In rooms all day.
AURORA, ' corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny: prices from $1 50 per
week up; this 1» the only up-to-date house In
thle vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st. — Rooms
26c to 81 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all nlght %
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Rooms, 26c. 60c, $1. $1 60 night;
II 60 to $10 week; house open all night.
BUENA VISTA ave.. 1592. Grand et— 3 large
connecting rooms, unfurnished; gas; $12 50.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364) — Fur-
nlshed rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA, 1263, .near Leavenworth—
Large sunny front room:- suitable 1- or 2.
CAPP. 533 — Nicely furnished front parlor;
warm belt- ' ' ,
CASTRO. 910— Rooms to let. '
CHURCH,- 132— Nice furnished room with or
without board; private family. ; j
CLAY, 1009 — A furnished room to let; rent
reasonable. ____,
CLEMENT 2415—Small cozy room In a pri-
vate family. "'; . V . . - * ¦ '„
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms: prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The), 618 Post nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located: sunny,«lngle rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and' cold
water, steam heat electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 If desired.
DEVISADERO. 1317— Sunny furnished room.
ELLIS. 611— Nicely furnished sunny suite: also
single; suitable two ladles or gentlemen.'
ELEVENTH. 106 — Single furnished room;
housekeeping If desired.
EL WOOD. 6. off O'Farrell, near Mason — Sln-
gle front room for man; $6 monthly. \
FAIR OAKS, cor. Twenty-second — 2 furnished
. rooms; gas range, with use of gas, $3 50 per
week, s - '¦-''¦¦ ' ¦ ' • • "¦'¦¦'"¦ ¦
FEDERAL, 7ft— One furnished room.
FILBERT, 1110%— Large sunny furnished
rooms: housekeeping if desired or lady will
care for child 4 to 12 years, room parent;
bath; rent $3 and $10.
FOLSOM, 2576— Furnished room.
FOR slnrle gentleman, in private home (no
- other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adjoining; 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624, Call . offlc*. '
FRANKLIN, 721. nr. Golden Gate ave.— Sunny
furn. front room: all conveniences; $8-$12.
. . — .
FULTON. 19 — Furnished rooms.
GOLDEN Gate ave., 640— Single and house-
keeping' rooms; sunny; reasonable rent.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 840— Room to let
GOLDEN SATE ave., 1407— Furnished parlors,
with use of kitchen: $20 per month; gas and
bath; private family. ¦
GRAND Southern, 7th and Mission— Rooms S5o
to $1 25 night; $1 60 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GRANT ave., 7 — Nicely furnished sunny suite;
also single rooms; one or two; $2 up.
GUERRERO. 226— Sunny front suite, with
' board, for two. '¦¦¦¦. . ¦.'¦.¦¦ • > . - ¦¦
GUERRERO. 212— Nicely furnished front room,
with or without board; bath and gas grate.
HARRISON. 2523 — 2 sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; regular kitchen. -
JESSIE. 363. east of United States Mint— Fur-
nished room; 2 bods; $10 per month. . "
JESSIE, 530— Furnished room.
JONES, 616 — Sunny; single rooms for gentle-
men. : • ••¦'.¦. ¦¦,.-..¦..,-:
KISSLING. 27— Furnished room to let
LAGUNA. 1702— Furnished rooms. : L "?--
LEAVENWORTH. . 2101— Furnished rooms.
: - . . - --— - — — .
'LEXINGTON ave.. 162 Vi— Furnished rooms. '--.
MARKET, 1344, opp.i Seventh— 3 front 'con-
necting furnished sunny rooms on first floor;
suitable for offices; rent cheap; private fam-
ily; central. . ' • ¦
MASON, 825 — Elegant." new ' furnished rooms;
gentlemen; sunny; electric lights,. bath; reas.
MCALLISTER, 412,- flat 6— Bunny, front rooms;
bay windows. .. . : . ' '
MCALLISTER, ' 684 — Nice :. room ; runnlns; wa-
...\ ter; , gas; bath; phone; rent $5 per; month.", .'
MINNA/- 545— Large sunny front' room; one or
two gentlemen. -. or will ; let ' two together.
OAK. 224— FurniahedS rooms. /
O'FARRELL, ; 504 — Large '¦ sunny ; front - room,
newly furnished; rent , $14. ,; ¦ .-;, . :. • ;
O'FARRELL,' 776, near Larkln— Sunny, new
furnished room; $10. ;'.r ¦ V '. :" : ' .
OFARRELLi, 1452— Large neat furnished room,
suitable 1 or; 2 ; gentlemen; ref. ; ; reasonable. .
POST 889 ¦ near , Hyde— Large t front furnished
.room: bath;' gas. running water; -1 or 2 gtnts.
I POWELL/s OCKJB-^-For.i rent "i nicely ' furnished
rooms; ¦ reasonable. , ! . - <• v ,':¦• ~X * V- - '
POWELL. 1014— To let,' three neatly furnished
"¦¦rooms.;- ¦' '. . ¦ . ...-., ¦; .,*•- : : .,¦•¦¦;«¦¦.¦,.'.;
ROYAL I House, ' 120 Ellis— Incandescent ; llghta,
- reading-room,'. smoking-room and ladies'' par-'
. lor ; ¦ rooms . per nl«h V 35c to $1 60; .: week.'^ $2
: . to $$; month, 7 ' $8 to. $30;- elevator, on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths,"
FITZPATRICK— In this city, March 18. 1904,
to the wife of Thomas Fltipatrlck. a son.
KRUSE— In this - city,; to - the -wife of Fred
Kruse. a daughter. .
LAHERTYA-In this cityi March 26. . 1904. to
'¦-.the wife of CharlesA. Laherty. a" daughter.
LESZYNSKY— In '-thU city. March" SO. 19O», to
. the wife of Leon Leszynsky, '. a son. ..r
MOLKENBUHR— In this city,' March 29, 1904.
to the wife of S. W.* Molkenbuhr.a son.
THOMAS— In this city, March' 28, 1904. to
the wife of Frank. P. Thomas, a son.
MARRIED.
BECK— BLONDIN— In" this city, April 1.' 1904,-
by the Rev. F. W. Fischer, pastor of Eman-
uel Evangelical Church, Thomas Beck and
Victoria Blondln, both of this city.-
BRECKWOLDT — WATERS — In this city.
April 2, 1904, by the Rev. Paul Branke,
Barthus H. C. Breck woldt and Louisa E.
Waters, both of this city. -
MUNN— JONES— In this city. March 31. 1904,
by the Rev. R. Logan, Robert F..Munn and
Mary A. Jonea.
RIPPEY— HAGEMANN— In this city. March
22. 1904, by the Rev. Paul Branke. Floyd J.
Rlppey and Rosie Hagemann, both of this
city, j,
SCHULTZ— BUSH— In this city, by the Rev.
Paul Branke. - Henry W. Schultz and Anna
M. Bush, both of this city.
DIED. . i-^ VU i
Blumenthal. Ida J. * O'Neill, William J.
Brock, Paul - Palmer. Thomas J.
Cardinell, Mary . Pomeroy. Mary A.
' Clark. Emily Reldy. Marcella
Dehne, Fred Roney. Mary E.
Fallon, Acnes Schaeffer, John
Hansen. Daniel Epadler, Peter V S
Hills, Frank M. ¦ Spiegel, David
Hoffmann. Emll . Storey, Mary A.
Hunter, Sophie L. St John, Hester
Kilpatrick. Elizabeth Tapken, F. W.
Klass. Phillip Tobelmann, May
Leszynsky, Leah Wlggina, Henry F.
Leszynsky (lnfant( Welsch, Frederick
McGowan, James B. Williams, Philip A.
McNally, Francis "Work, Hannah
Mitten, Elizabeth Wrinkle. Lawrence
i Murray, Joseph Zazzl, John C.
Norris, Michael
BLUMENTHAL— In this city, March 31. 1904.
Ida J., beloved wife of Julius Blumenthal,
and beloved mother of Sello J., Alice and
Martha Blumenthal. and sister of Mrs. A.
Elkish. Mrs. B. Baer and Julius, Max and
Morris Bernstein. (New York, Seattle and
Los Angeles papers please copy.)
ICFuneral and Interment private.
BROCK— In this city. March 31. 1904. Paul
Brock, a native et Pennsylvania, aged 60
years.
&y Remains at the chapel of Charles H. J.
Truman & Co., 1909 Mission street, between
Fifteenth and Sixteenth. Interment will take
place in Pennsylvania.
CARDINELL— Passed away at Stockton, Cal..
March 29. 1904, Mary, widow of the late
John Cardinell. beloved mother of Mrs. J.
M. Camp of Hanford and Mrs. M. McCrillla
of this city, and grandmother of Adela Mo-
Crillls, aced 72 years. , • .
CLARK— In this city, April 2. 1904, Emily, be-
loved wife of Robert Clark, and mother of
Mrs. Henry Naholelua and Alice, Marion,
Elizabeth, Alfred and Robert Clark, a native
of Kent, England, aged 69 years 3 months
and 0 days. . ¦
K7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 3744 Seventeenth street, thence by
electric funeral car from corner of Eight-
eenth and Guerrero street* at 2:30 o'clock.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. I
DEHNE — In this city. April 2, 1904. Fred, be-'
loved son of Frederick and Rosle Dehne, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 day.
FALLON— In this city, April 1; 1904, Agnti
Fallon, a native of Ban Francisco, aged 34
years.
HANSEN — In the City and County Hospital.
April 2, 1904. Daniel Hansen, a . native of
Sweden, aged 74 years.
HILLS— In this, city, April 2, 1904, Frank M.
Hills, a native of Massachusetts, aged fil
years.
HOFFMANN— In this city, March" 25, 1904.
Emil Hoffmann, a native of Hamburg, Ger-
many, aged 48 years 1 month and 4 day*.
HUNTER— In Oakland, Cal.. April 2, 1904,
Sophie L., wife of Robert Hunter, mother of
William M., Robert E.. Joseph E., Ralph
and Etting Hunter, daughter of Mrs. Nellie
Haltey, and sister of Joseph T. and Earl S.
Halsey, a native of San Francisco, aged 43
years and 29 days.
KILPATRICK — In this city. March 30, 1BO4.
Elizabeth A., beloved wife of the late Georg*
Kilpatrick. and devoted mother of Mr». F.
W. Ruhser (formerly Frances, Kilpatrick),
Mrs. F. C. Wagner (formerly Georgina Kil-
patrick) and George W., William, Charles
and Alexander Kilpatrick. a native of Hesse-
Cassel. Germany, aged 54 years 11 months
and 24 day*. (Jackson. Amador County,
and Eastern papers please copy.)
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
April 3. at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3656 Nineteenth street, between Do-
lores and Church. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemttery.
KLASS^ — April 1, 1904, Phillip, beloved hus-
band of Elizabeth Klass and brother of John
Klass, a native of Germany, aged 46 years
6 months and 14 days.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend " the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. -In-
t terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by 11:30
train from Third and Townsend streets.
LESZYNSKY— In this city, March 31. 1904,
Leah, beloved wife of Leon Leszynsky,
daughter of Mrs. Pauline Falk. and sister of
Mrs. A. J. Slmmonds, a native of Califor-
nia aged 24 years 11 months and 16 days.
|C7"The- funeral will take place 'to-day
(Sunday), at 2:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1524 Geary street, thence to chapel
of Odd Fellowe' Cemetery, where the services
will be held.
LESZYNSKY— In this city, March 80. 1904. in-
fant son of Mr. and Mrs. Leon Leszynsky.
McGOWAN — In Hanford. Cal.. March 29, 1904,
James B. McGowan, beloved husband of
Margaret F. McGowan, a native of Gardner,
Maine, aged 68 years and 20 days.
McNALLY— In this cijy. April 2. 1904, Francis,
belovtd husband of the late Mary McNally.
and father of Thomas F.. James J. and
John H. McNally, and Mrs. L. McCaffrey,
Mrs J M. Young. Mrs. George C. Wlnkler
and Mrs. T. F. Loughran. a native of Ire-
land, aged 70 years 11 months and 1 day.
(All New York and Chicago papers please
copy.)
(CThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his 'late
residence, 723 Harrison street thence to St.
Rose's Church, Brannan street, between
Fourth and Fifth, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. .
MITTEN— In this city, April 2, 1904. Eliza-
beth Mitten, beloved mother of Armand Bur-
I • rougha. a native of Missouri, aged 61 years.
MURRAY— In the City and County Hospital,
i April 2, l»04, Joseph Murray, a native of
| New Jersey, aged 45 years.
NORRIS— In this city, April 2. 1904; Michael
Norris, beloved brother of the late . David
* O' Keefe, and cousin of Mrs. Margaret
O'Brien, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land. . r
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, ' where a re-
quiem htgh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of hia soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemtery.
O'NEILL— At Copley, . Cal., March 31, 1904,
William J., dearly beloved husband of Ids
O'Neill, father of Mrs. M. Collins, .brother
of- Frank J. and Vincent O'Neill and Mrs.
H. Hudson,- son-in-law of the late Mrs. Dela
Murray of Sacramento, brother-in-law of
James and William Murray and 'Mrs. Ada
Mooney, and uncle of Idallne ¦ Mooney, a. na-
tive of California, aged 45 years and 20 days.
A member of Enclnal Camp, W. O.,W., Ala-
meda, Cal. '-
(C~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
: (Monday), at 9:30 . o'clock, : at St < Ignatius
Church, on Hayes street, between Franklin
' street and Van Ness avenue, where a re-
quiem high mass will be > said for the re-
. pose of his souL Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery: ' V •
PALMER— In this city, April 2.. 1904, Thomas
¦ Jefferson Palmer, beloved husband of. Annie
Palmer, and father of Charles E., Henry L.,
Edith L. I and Thomas W. Palmer, . a ' native
of > New York, aged 31 years 4 months and
3 days. A member, of Fidelity Lodge'' No.
130, A. -O..U.-W. :
B_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the ; funeral Tuesday,
April 5. at 10:30 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
•'¦ Interment ; Cypress Lawn Cemetery.; :
POMEROY— In this city. April 1, 1904, Mrs.
Mary A. Pomeroy, widow of the late David
• , Pomeroy, a native • of New Yorft, aged 75
years. '-".'. ¦ . ., : .. , ¦ '.- . "..-.,. ¦ -. -
; (CTTrlends ar© respectfully; Invited to 'at-
tend the funeral . to-morrow ' (Monday),' at 10
o'clock, from her late residence, 323 Fair
Oaks street, near Twenty-fourth. Interment
private. . ¦ . ¦ • . . v - .
REIDY — In this city, April 1, 1904. Marcella.
. beloved ¦ wife of John r Reidy, : and lovinff
mother of, Annie and Richard Reldy. . a , na-
HENRY JCALl.ACHEr?CO;
V • (Successors to '¦ Flannagan ' _ ' Gallagher.) "-
-. . DANIEL P. DONOVAN.- Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
. 20 Fifth st. opposite . Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
-Funeral ¦ Utrectors ' and .' Embalmers — ¦_ —
* • Formerly : In Metropolitan Te— iple/Z 5 -^
NOWat.H60 MISSION. Tel.' South<167.
: : Between Fourth and Fifth, near Fifth st :
. Finest Equipments ; at < Moderate : Rates.
F.^J.^Monahan,' Manager. • Tel.t Mission 31.
MONAHAN, O ? HARA\_:;.CO:
FUNERAL DIRECTORS \ AND! EMBALMERS.
: -2339-2341 Mission ¦ st. near < Nineteenth. -
•'flari i Francisco.' ; ¦ ;
.-.tlve^of County ."Waterford. Ireland, aged M
CFrlends and acauaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral Monday,
April 4, from her late resldrnce, 150H Ken-
tucky utreet. thence ' to St; Tewa's Church.,
¦ l where a solemn -re<iui»m high mass will ba
'celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment 'Holy'
Cro!»3 Cemetery. v '..; . , . -•
RONEY— In this city, April 2. 1904. Mary E..
beloved wife of Frederic S. Roney. and
mother of Ethel and Frank. Roney. a native
of Massachusetts, aged 37 years.
SCHAEFFER— In this city. April 2. 1904, John
Schaeffer, a native of New / York, aced 60
years.
SPADIER— In this city. April 1. 1904. Peter,
. beloved husband of the late Ellen bpadler.
' and father of Georglana Spadler.
E~Tbe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 1 :15 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street
thence to. the Greek Church, Powell street,
near Filbert, for services at 2 o'clock.
SPIEGEL— In this city. Aprfl 2, 1004, David,
beloved husband of Sarah Spiegel, and be-
loved father of George, Leo and Joseph Spie-
«rel and Mrs. L. P. Grunbaum of Boise,
Idaho, and Mrs. Charles Stoltz and Mrs. Leo
Hlrschland of Baker City. Or., a native of
Poland, aged 72 years 11 months and Z.
days. -. -. . '.
STOREY— In Oakland, Cal.. April 1. 1904.
Mary A. Storey, beloved daughter of George
and Catherine Storey, and sister of Jame*
D. Storey, a native of California, aged Sj
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully - invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at l:3O o'clock, from her late
residence. 1339 : Sixteenth street Interment
St Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
ST. JOHN— In this city. April 2. J904, Hester
A. St. John, relict of B. G. St. John, and
mother of Mrs. C. H. Smitten. Mrs. L. W.
Smitten and Henry S. and Arthur B. St.
John, born in Setauket, Long Island, Janu-
ary 6. 1825. . .'"',..-"..¦
E7Notlce of funeral hereafter.
TAPKEN— In this city. April 2. 1904. Freder-
ick W. Tapken, beloved husband of Anna
H. Tapken, a nathre of Bremerhaven. Ger-
rnany, aged 64 years S months and 13 days.
TOBELMANN— In this city. April 2. 1904.
May, wife of Fred Tobelmann. beloved
mother of Isabelle, Fred Jr. and Lester To-
belmann. daughter of Michael and the late>
Isabelle Keelen, and sister of Charles. Bert
and Lester Keelen and Mrs. Alma Harrub.
a native of San Francisco, ared 27 years 9
months and 17 days.
WELSCH— In this city. March 31. 1904. Fred-
erick Welsch. a native of Gluckstatt. Ger-
many, aged 6d years 11 months and 11 days.
A member of the Schleswig-Holstelner
Vereln. Oakland.
K3TFriends and acquaintances are- rtspect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Unl on-squan*
Hall. 421 Post street, where funeral services
will be held under the auspices of the
Schleewlg-Holstelner Verein. " Interment
Mount Olivet Cemetery, by eleetrto funeral
car from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
Remains at th* parlor of H. P. Petersen _
Co., 223 McAllister, street . .-^'.'--^ '
WIGGINS— In this city. April 2. 1904, Hjnrr
F. Wiggins, beloved son of Mrs. J. C, Mc-
Gregor, and brother of John, Ethel and Ida
Wiggins, a native of California, axed 20
years 7 months and 27 days. - ¦ -
WILLIAMS— In New York. March 80, 1904,
Philip Alston, beloved son of Tberes* A. ana
the late Henry Williams, and brother .of
H. A. Williams, axed 31 years 10 moatl_
and 20 days. ' +-.
- E7Notlcs of funeral hereafter.
WORK— In Oakland. Anrll 1. 1904. Hsrmsh
Work, widow of J. W. Work, and mother
of Mrs. H. F. Wlchman of Honolulu, H. L
_7"Friends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, April 3, at 2 o'clock, at the parlors
of the First Congregational Church. Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
WRINKLE— In this city. March 29. 1904.
Lawrence F. J., beloved husband or BaxaJ*
C. F. Wrinkle, and father of Herbert. Noah.
George, Ellerd and Columbus Wrinkle, a
native of Massachusetts, aged 56 years 9
months and 10- days.
E7Frtends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services.
to be held at the parlors of N. Gray & Co..
353 Sutter street, at 2 o'clock, j Sunday. April
3. Interment at Mount Olivet Cemetery.
ZAZZI— In this city. March 31. 1804. John C
beloved husband of Katherine Zaszt, father
of Elvia and Adelene Zaszt. beloved son of
I'ietro and Teresa Zazzl. brother of Paul.
Samuel. Adolph, William and Irene. Zazzl,
I Mrs. Mary Cordelia and Mrs. Louise Casassa.
and son-in-law of John de Benedettl. a na-
tive of San Franciaco. aged 32 year* S
months and 1 day.
E7Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
full Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
April 3. at 12:30 o'clock, from bis late resi-
dence. 1S23 Dupont street, thence to Wash-
ington-square Hall. 1525 Stockton street,
where services will be held under the aus-
pices of Court General Lawton No 171. F. of
A.; also member of Golden Star Grove No.
104. U. A. O. D. Interment Italian Ceme-
tery.
CARD OF THAJJK3.
We herewith desire to extend our heart-
felt thanks to the many friends for their
sympathy. and beautiful floral offerings dur-
ing the- sad bereavement of our beloved hus-
band and father. «.— • . - -
. META SCHRODER and Children. .
* — . ; {.
SEE THW PHOTOGRAPHS.
Women Who Hare Started the
New Society Fad,
INDIAN FrESTAS.
NEXT SUNDAY CAL_.
•I- — : : ___T~ — : — '• ¦
v^;OC___T TBAVEL. '.\ \ ;^K
Jv Steamers leave Broad-way
ysSfcS—^Cui wharves. Piers 9 and 11*
Aitf San Francisco.
jTrTTj » ~Yl For Ketchlkan, Wrangel,
I / VL*! 1 1 Juneau, Halnes, Ekaguay,
\ \ \lfc__sW I «*-•• Alaska— 11 a. m.. Apr.
VdvYi yet/ °« 10 » 18 » 20 - i2s « M *^r 3-
VVOT-ZX// Change to Company's steam-
N^V?«aVvX ers at Seattle.
For Victoria, Vaneot—er.
Port Townsend, Seattle, - Tacoma. Everett. Bel-
llngham— 11 a. m.. Apr. 5. 10, 15. 20.-23. 30.
May S. Change at Seattle to. this. company's)
steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P.
Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1 :3O
; p. m.. Apr. 4. 10. 16. 22, 28. May 4. Spokane,
1:30 p. m., Apr. 1, 7, 13. 19. 23. May L
For Los Angeles (via. Port Los Anf sles aa<
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara— Saa-
ta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of* California. Thursdays. 9 a. ra.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and Sasf
San Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (Saa .
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hneneme.
Santa Cruz. 9 a. m., Apr. 19. (Freight only.)
Bonlta, 9 a. m.. Apr. 3. 13, 21. 29, May 7.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo. Maratlan, Altata, La Paz. • Santa. Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. — 1., 7th eaeh
month. For further Information obtain folder.'
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sallies;
dates. *
TICKET O7TX0-S — 4 New Montgom-
ery st (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves, yreltrht Oflce, 10 Marie at st.
C. D. DUN ANN. General Passenger Agent,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter St., win
call for and check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 812. .
O. -I?. & N. CO.
OREGON sails March 29, April 7, 17, 27,
May 7, 17 and 27. GEO. - W. ELDER sails
March 23. April 2. ; 12. 22. May 2. 12 and 22.
Only steamship line to PORTLAND, OR.. aa4
short rail - Una from Portland to all points
East - Through tickets to all points. Steamer
tickets Include berth and meals. • Steamer sails
foot of Spear st, at 11, a. m. S. F. BOOTH.
Gen." Agt Pass. Dept. 1 Montgomery st; C
CLIFFORD. Gen. Agent l Frei«ht Dept_ 3
Montgomery st ¦ ¦
0ceM!cS.s.co.jE_%a
S S. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu. Apr. 2, 11 a.m.
B S VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thur.. Apr. 14. 2 p. , ra.
B S. MARIPOSA. for, Tahiti. Apr.. 23. 11 a.ra.
J D.SPSEC__S k BEOS. C0.,__tS.,TiC_8£ 0_C8 643 Mar-
ket St., rrelflt Oics 329 MaT_et st, Pier 7, Padflc n
r _ : uc_ KOMOS LINE.
E_rf_n (Magellan Route.) *-v
KfW Passenger Service — Through With-
'____' out Chanee.
S> 8. "AMASIS." 7000 tons.'
¦ captain C. Jansen; sailing '• from
San Francisco on or about April 20 1904. for
London. Hambunc and all principal ports In
Mexico. Central and South America. For rates
and particulars apply ¦ at passenger office. *u
Market "'LENDAL M. ORAT. Manager.
C20 Market st," San Francisco.
COVPAQKIE GESEaALE TRAN3ATLASTIIJUE.
DIRECT. LINE JO HAVRE-PARIS. _._>_.
Sailing even- Thursday instead of -^Cfl_S|
Saturday, at 10 a. tn.. from Pier. 42. ~*_RS5»
North Hlver. foot of Morton st
First class tn Havre. 170 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR. UNITED STATES AND
CANADA -'52 Broadway (Hudson -building).
New York. J: F. FUOAZI _ Co.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. -5an . Francisco. .
Tickets ¦ »old by , all Railroad ¦ Tick -it Agents. .
Mare Island znH Valle jo Steam era.
Steamer GEN. FR1SBIE or MONTICELLO—
9:49 a. rn.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 0:45 a. m.. S:30 d. m. Leave 'Vallejo-
7; a.- m.. 12:30 ¦ and « p-'m., .except ¦ Sunday.'
Sunday.- 7 a. -m., 4:15 p. m. Fare, SO cents.'
Tel. .Main 1508. Pier 2, —lsaion-rt. ' 0*c_
HATCH* BROS, V. - •
SIEDICAL— -Continued.
LA PIES desiring t=afe. cure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me at cnce; my
methods are always bafe, painless and rell-
flble; I have no lailuree; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience in all female disorders; cail <«r write
without delay; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. roomt 7 and S.
A — LADIES, If you are suffering from Irreg-
ularities or any ailment you will avoid dis-
appointments by consult! r/R me first. My
method of treatment is positive and harm-
lea* and I guarantee Immediate, relief from
any cause or make no oharBes. Advice free.
Call or write t>R. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny.
ALWAYS be advised and treated by a grad-
uate physician: positively the only one here
capable and willlngtto restore you to happi-
ness; relief for Irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladies; If in trouble consult him
without eo*t or .fee; call or write; confiden-
tial. DR. R. H. WB8TON. 305 Kearrty ft.
_T.8. DR. WYETH. upeclallrt for all female
ccmplalnts and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 50 years' experience. 820 Poet st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and lrremilarities: instant re-
lief ruarar.teed. lOCS^s Market tt.. opp. 5th.
VALPEAVS female pills; best regulating pllls>
6old; price $2 IhJ by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets : price $5. By "jprcw
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and j
Broadway. Oakland : !
Drs. Goodwin. 723 Turk. nr. Van Ness— Expert
In obstetric* . female complaint*; inst. relief;
treatment *1O; hours, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles' j
¦peclalirl : a private home before and during 1
"confinement: best medical care; low feet. i
DR. ROSEN resides 2098 Fcl?om St., corner
2ttth; ladles, relief or no fee: $10. ¦ i
DR. and MRS! DAVIES and HINDOO HERBS; I
original method of treatment. 1120 Marketjst. 1
LADIES— Our monthly regulator never fails; !
box free. VITA CO.. Station A. Detroit Mich, j
DR. NO, TOT KEE. 313 Powell St.. opposite
Union nquare: all diaeasea cured by herbs.
*IIXR* A\I» WIXtHfQ I
HYDRAX'LIC rr.lre; mHlions: re\\ cheap: must
have money quick. Box 1179. Call office.
Mi*>ri:LLA-\i:oi s — roil sale.
BOILEK.S. enptnes. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont et
8 HP. WeVier paeoline eng., complete f 200 ¦
6 hp. Reapan gas engine with pump attach- i
mfent 11"j
2 t«J In.xl6 ft return tubular boilers $S50
2 hp. Falrbar.ks-Mon-e engine, complete... J90
6 fcp. boiler and eteam pump. 4000 gals, hr.5100 ;
1' Murray hoisting engines cheap.
12 hp. vertical rasoilne engine, not complete,$S>0
25 hp« iooomotive boiler and 7x10 Atlas en- ,
pine $250
8 in. jravel centrifugal pump $150
ti hp. vertical boiler. 5 hp. Steeple comp.-J^S
<4 in. centrifugal pump and gas engine, com-
plete $250
2 email cannery retort*, vertical, each .$<»0
Small power punch $25
2 dcublc engine hoists, Sxl2. each $300
480 'hp. Hainilton-CorliFs ermine at Sacra- ;
mento $1000
30 hp. portable engine and boiler on wheels, .
located at Suiter Creek. Cal ....$300;
Ar^es'.an ~c!I drilling outfit, complete, "located :
at Mare Inland Navy Yard $800 :
10-etanip mill, complete, at Grants Pass, Or., I
not been in use long: $3000
Pipe line about 3 miles long, at Eanta Bar-
bara, Cai., 12 in. down; cheap.
VTe handle no poods on consignment; don't
lock us up in any mercantile agency; we pay
cash.
Buy new machinery, but if It must be second-
hand, buy it of
. H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO.,
Office 130 Beale «t. Goods everywhere.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK? i
Repair it with elaterite: in rolls easy to lay; j
reeds no painting or coating; (rood over old
:rfr. tin or Ehingle«: best for new ro-jTs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market et. |
TVJUTE Wyandotte eggs from trio highest !
cla5s. bred Filch. Mass.. valued $150; slt-
> tlnps «13) $3; young chicks. $» dozen; old j
birds for tale or exchange for pigeons or j
. horse and runabout. Post box C13. Llvermore. •
SD-MAND machinery, boilers, engine*, puini*, ,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc. bought sold, j
rentea and exchanged; see Sunday papers. I
¦ H. S WHITE MCHY. CO.. 1S0-132 Beale tt j
* • ¦ ¦ 1
DUSKS tri<) efflce furniture; $20,000 stock to
be hc'.d before April 15; this stock can be
bought In larce or small lots. T. D. MC-
CARTHY CO.. 782 Mission. Phone Bush 467.
fc-AFn and scale; must be sold at once: safe j
ry> inch** will*. £& deep, 46 high; double 1
doer; BcaJe Fairbanks to etaticn ia floor. 217- |
219 Sacramento st.
PAINT your old and new metal and ehlnjtle
rocf« with Acbestos Roof Paint: guaranteed
to Etoo all leaks In the one and preserve the 1
new. 2OS Front ft.: tel. Main 1428.
FOR Rale — SO milking cows and dairy outfit
complete, with or without parture for the
ean:e. Apply at 618 Grove ft., between Web-
sner and Fillmore, mornings.
X— FINE mils. $7 SO; drees pants, S2 50. Orig-
inal M!srH Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearny st.,
near Bush: open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS. 6e!ls or rents gear machinery, en-
Clces, boilers, water ripe., ehaftinr. pulleys,
etc- WHITELAW. 2S3-255 Spear et
ALTERATION Fale — Best S2 50 hata. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. _J0 Kearoy et.. near
Pine; open to » p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's enoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
¦ foot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express
purges. 11 3d ct. Exam, bid. : catalog fn»e.
SV.-t ROLL and up; fine wall paper; ttmpl'i
mailed; painting, tinting, papering. M. 11EB-
IGAN. 1302 Webst— . Tel. Jackson 1321.
MUST be eolJ; owner going East: painting an!
paperhar.eing business: established over SO
>«-ars. C. J. BAHRON. 1219 Market et
OUR err separator Is Just as handy as handy
can be; price 10c by mall. Pacific Supply
Co.. Dept. 1. Fruitvale. Cal.
FOR SALE— Bicycle, boys' and gent's. In pood
condition: very cheap. C. F. ADAMS CO..
CIS Mason et.
Al FRESH family cow and calf; a pet: giving
1« quarts daily. 233 Preclta ave.. off Fol-
sora et.
50 LEGHORN end Black Minorca hens. In-
qulre GEO. CROLEY. SOS Sacramento et
FANCY English trax> for Fale or trade; cash
or Installments. Box 106S, Call office.
AUTOMATIC cteam washing machines for
family use; cave work. Box 1091, Call.
FOR eale or exchange — For watch, one cam-
era, *xI0; also one 5x7. C. BAKER, 121 6th.
NICE violin, cost $00. cheap; would exchange
for anything useful to carpenter. 1522% Bush. I
FOT'R pair medium eized Runt pigeons. Box
1K-2. Call office. Oakland.
LARGEST Runts, best hm rUreons, etc. Glen-
more Pigeon Loft, Elmhuret.
MUST be *old at once: 4 assorted desks, with
chairs. 217-219 Sacramento st.
FOUR colonies of bees. 230 Lee ave near
Inglcslde Coursing Park.
5T — DOMESTIC sewing machine; bargain. 1571
Market et.. near 12th.
PIGEONS, new. imported varieties for equab
ralsert ;gend fcr Hat. C. Wllson.23) Stevenson.
FOR Bile — HciJer; will calve eoon. 200 Ninth
* street. ; f
I'AIR perfect white diamond earrings at a
bargain, about C»4 karats. 10 Sixth at
A TEXT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING Co.. 35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush 858
BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
Old Bookstore. Cl McAllister tt
STEEL lined eafe, 1800 founds; $125. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1S16 Market st.
BARGAINS la r.ne diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN, 803 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engine* bought sold, exchanged,
repaired. SyKes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st
EAFE8 and cart reirtsters. new and second*
hand I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market rt.
SOME rood second-hand gasoline engines 1 to
12 h. p. cheap. E. B Beck & Co.. 122 Mket.
BLOT machines cheap: Chleagoes. Twentieth
Centurte*. Pucks. BACIQALUPL 933 Market
BAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
MOVING pictures, maple lanterns, sale, rental;
bargaine. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st
EAFEE — New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market «t.
QASOL1NE enpines. automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 48 Fremont st.
_5K for prices on «econd-hand typewriters: all
makes ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg*y.
•
TO lease — Kenilworth Inn; romantically situ-
ated In Mill Valley: 50 minutes' ride from
San Krancleco; completely furnished ; 40
room;;; etcam and hot water bathe; electric !
lights; heaters throughout; elevators, etc •
rent low. Apply MADISON _ BURKE, 30
Montgomery et
IX) lease — Large 5-story building, high base-
ment, all modern: electric elevator, steam
heat and fine frontare; on Market st, east
of «th; JO year*' lease. Apply to EASTON.
ELDRIDGK & CO. -..-.
ro lease for C years — 3-etory and basement
building. Ill Sanpome et For particulars,
call on EAETON, ELDRIDGE & CO
¦________Wft«ffiS!k_§B*S_l_B______H¦- CHICAGO. April 2. — Cash quotations were as
follcws: Flour, quiet • and steady; winter •
patent*, $4 straights,. $4 50@4 70;*sprin«1
patents. $4.400470; . straights. • / $4® I 20;
bakers'. $3«3 00: No. 1 spring wheat. 95c©$l; 'i
No. 3,-£8c9$l: No. 2 red. 9«Mc©n 02%; No. j
2 corn. Bt!$i©£B$»c: ' No.?2 -, yellow. 5«%©37c:
No. 2 oau. 4I»<,04t%c:.No. 3 white. 42»AQ> !
44Hc: good feeding barley, 3S@40c: fair to ;
choice malting, 45(S55c; No. 1 , flaxs«ed, $1 09;
No.' 1 Northwestern, $1*16; ; prime timothy
seed. $2 SO; - mees- pork.' per bbl.. $13 25^>
13 S7H; lard, per 100 lbs., $6 »5©6 97 &; short
ribs sides (loose), $C 62 V,QQ 87%; short clear
sides (boxed), $7 25@7.r>0: whisky, basis - of
high ' wines. $1 28j clover, ¦ ¦ contract grade,
$10 50©10 tiO. . , .
Articles — . . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels ............. 66,900 71,500)
Whea.tT'tmshels ........... 72.000 O4J.00O !
Corn, buihels ....'.....;... 293.000 240,400
Oats, bushels .........;... 468.P0O I 478.400
Rye., bur hcls :.•.>.;.... 30.200 , ~ 13,600 '
Barley, bushels ..........'. 131,000 - : 66,000 .-
Cash Grain and Provisions.
I The situation in - Beans is exhaustively stated
in the • first r column. ¦¦ It gives the market . a
strong aspect. ' The stock on hand also appears
In that column.' ; There was no further change
in prices yesterday. ¦"— ¦• ,.\ -. ,
' BEANS— Bayos. $2 35@2 CO; Pea. $303 25;
Butters. $3 5003 75; small *' White.- --$3@3 15;
large White.' $2 65(g2 75; Pink, $3 30®3 50:
Refl. $4 50; Lima, : $3 20®3 30; : Red' Kidneys.
$4 50©5 : ' Blackeye.T $2©2 15 per : ctl ; Horse
Beans. ?2@2 50. -.¦¦..¦¦¦¦¦'¦, •-• --.¦.---¦¦ ¦• — .>-.,-¦-:¦
: SEEDS — Brown = Mustard. $3 75®4; Yellow
Mustard, i $S@3 25 ; ¦ Flax. T $1 S0@l 90 ;: Canary,
5V4^5%c for Eastern;* Alfalfa, 14VS@16c: Rape.
lV4@2c; Timothy,'^ 6®C Vic; v Hemp. 3V4@4c. per
lb; Millet. 3S 3 Vac: ] Broom Corn -= Seed, $20©21
per ton . ; '.-. £•—:' - - .- .:.-'¦-- '-,' - ; .-;'¦ .
- DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per cU; . Nile*. =
S3 ?5; Green. $333 25. '
Beans and Seeds.
In time of war France is prepared to
put 370 out of evtry 1000 of her popula
tion in the field, Germany S10 and Rus
sia 210. SaSBHMI
-The market continued dull and unchanged.
The Chicftgo. wires of Mitchell. Muleahy & Co.
said : - "Pork • about 15c • higher."! and ¦ lard - and
ribs 2 We to r>c higher.- It showed-conslderable
more advance during the early part of the day.
but was partially lost" ; There has bten a good
deal ' of buying of pork- during i the : past two
days, and this; has , Jent come - strength ; to - the
market. . As we ; see it at this • juncture this
buylns :was. however. /.on ¦ covering of /-shorts.
Provisions • are ; expected to show a fair in
crease • for the month I of March." and , the state
ment 1 will • be ; Issued % this , afternoon. -Receipts
of liogs continue on ! the whole liberal , andl the
distributive demand Is normal." • .
• ¦ CURED MEATS— Bacon. l0«c per lb for
heavy.-- 10%c for QiBht medium, "13c .for light,
1314c for extra ll^ht and "15c for sugar-qured;
Ka'stern - yugnr-cured • Hams, - 13c; California
Hams. 12012>*c: Mess Beef. $10 60@tl per bbl;
extra Mess.. $11 60<3il2;, Family. $ll> 60an :
prime Mess : Pork, $15: . extra clear," *24 i ff23:
Mess. $18: : Dry -Salted -: Pork. I lOHe;; PI«
Pork. . J27: ; Piss' Fe*t. $3: Smoked : Beef. 14c
per lb.'''. - --¦¦; '-¦:•¦¦ ¦ ,-:-.s :<¦¦:.¦> -:¦¦< ¦ :¦•;;¦.- -¦-:- ...-:. .. .
. . LARD — Tierces quoted at ' «% e -" per Jb ' for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure-,
U l Ac;"10-lb tins. 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins,
ioc.r;- ¦-'¦-¦> ¦-¦ -¦ -. -¦¦¦-¦ : - ¦' •¦ : - ¦'¦ ••¦•-
-. COTTOLENE — One . half » barrel. , 0^e; three
hnlf barre.'s.' 9c; one tierce. 8T4c;' two tierces.
854c: five tierces. 8%c per lb., . .. - >
Provisions.
Liberal Hawaiian orders and small spot
stocks have advanced Bran COc per ton. Mid
dlings remain, unchanged. . '¦¦','¦'¦ ...... ¦. \
t ¦ Hay developed more firmness yesterday and |
! went off well, though there waa no actual re- j
covery in ; prices.' - ¦
BRAN— ?1S 60(920 per ton. ' t 1
MIDDLINGS— S24W2B 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $18 5C@20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFF6— Kolled liarley. ?24<f23 per i
ton; Oilcake. Meal -at the mill. $29 50«531:
Jobblng.\<32: Cocoanut Cake. «22@23; Corn ;
Meal f29 50@30 50:' Cracked Corn, $30031: : '
i Mixed Feed, $21@22; :,. Horse Beans. $30@ :
! 40 perton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl. ,
i HAY— Wheat. $15<S17: -Wheat and - Oat.
] $14 50@lft 60; Oat. $14@16: : Barley. • $13@1«%; !
Stock. $12 90@13 50; Alfalfa. $12 50©14 per
ton. ¦ ¦ ¦ :,> ¦¦'¦ ' ¦' ."''¦¦ ¦.'¦¦..-¦ ¦ . - .-¦ ¦
STRAW — 50075c per. bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The Bureau of Engineering yester
day estimated that the work of pre
paring a new official map of the city
will cost J10.000. It is intended to
give . each block and lot a separate
number, which may be used in de
scribing the property for the purpose
of assessment' and conveyance. It Is
intended that th« map be prepared in
tracing linen, so that printg may.be
furnished city officials and to. make
the map in sections covering all of the
city that has been cut into blocks.
New Official 3iap of the City.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $4 SO©
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $1 70<&5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at 53 S5@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, 53 25 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour *3 25; Rye- Meal, $d; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $3 25; extra cream do. $4; Oat
Groats %i 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buckwheat
Flour 54 &0@4 75; Cracked Wheat. $J 75: Fa
rina $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled
Oats', bbls.- $7 25@S 00: in Eacks. $8 75®$ 10;
Pearl Barley. *»: Split Peas, boxes. $7; Green
Peas $5 00 per 100 lbs. : , ;;-*••
Flour and Millstuffs.
FRUIT— Apricots. 8%®10»4c for Royals and
£>®12c for Moorparks: Evaporated Apples, 4 >4^
tic: sun-dried, 3^4 He; Peaches, 5^@7Hc;
Pears. Sifll\ic;' Nectarines, nominal; Figs,
whtt». 3© r 4c In boxes; black, 4 14c; Plums,
pitted. 5flSc per lb. <-,.¦,
PRUNES — 1903 crop. 2V4@2«4c; for the four
sizes. " ."•¦ . ¦¦¦'¦- • . ¦"¦ '¦' ¦¦' ¦ ¦ ¦
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard' grades,. 60-Ib cases — 2
cruwn Loose Muscatels, 5Uc 'per lb;
S-crown, 5%c: 4-crown. e^c; Seedless Loose
Muscatel*. -4 l&c; Seedless floated, 4V4c; 2-crown
Malaga loose. 6c:'3-crown Malaga loose. 5*ic;
Beodtess 3ultatias. unbleached. 4^4e; | S«edle«s
Thompsons, unblrached. 6%c. Layers, per 20-^
lb box — C-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters. $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
$2; 3-crown London Layers, ¦ $1 35; -, 2-crown
London Layer*. SI 25; usual advance for frac
tionnl boxta and layers. Seeded— Fancy 16-ox
carton?, per | lb, 77ic; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. ti?4c: fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7£c;
choice 16-oz cartons, per lb. 7Hc; choice 12-os
cartons, oer package, G%c: choice bulk car
tons. •Ter jb, 7Wc; 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed-
Hngs. Muscatels, per lb. 7c: 12-oz cartons,
needed "Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb, 5aic; bulk.
bceil'Hl Seedlings./Muscatels. per lb. 6%c
NUTS — Wainuts. No. 1* softshell. l«%@14c-
No. 2." ll^©12c. No. . 1 hardshell, 13Pl3^c;
No 2 •' 11C11 Vic;- Almonds,'. ll%c .for Nonpa
reils, JIHc fcr I X L,:llc for Ne Plus Ultra
and 9 \ic - for Lanjcuedoc: Peanuts. «@~c for
Eastern: Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $4 60@5.
HONEY— Comb. 10@ll^e for, white andn%
<TStil,c for amber: ; water - white extracted. • 6@
f>Kc:, light amber • extracted. 4%©4%e; dark,
3W9*c. .-¦*¦•¦ 'J . ¦•¦
BEESWAX— 27«J29c per lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisws;Honcy.
. CHICAGO^ April 2.— Before trading began '
to-day in wheat, news from across the sea was
¦Cant owing to foreign exchanges beingr closed.
About the only figures of any consequence
were these of Bradstreet's, showing small
world's shipments of wheat and flour. Under !
the influence of the decreased movement a '
firm tone prevailed at the opening, July being I
up %c to %c at 87»4C7S8c. The. market be
came Btlll stronger in sympathy with strength
la corn and oats. Shorts who did not care to \
carry lines over Sunday covered freely. Prices '
responded to the demand and advanced easily, i
July selling up to feSUc. Great preponder- i
ance of shipments over receipts of wheat at '
St. Louie and Kansas City was also a bull !
factor. Receipts at the two points amounted
to only 48.000 bushels and shipments to 363,000 ;
bushels. Toward the latter part of the session, ;
however, sentiment temporarily changed to the i
bear side. A reaction bad occurred in coarse j
grains which induced considerable selling of
wheat. Private crop reports gave Indications
of a fair yield, and this Information brought
out additional sales. Under this selling July
declined to 87%c. Tlie market rallied again
Just before the dw«, a firm tone being mani
fested. Final figures on July were '4c up at
87%@K7%c. May sold between O5»4c and Od%c
closing at 06 Uc.
Sentiment in the corn pit was bullish, due
to renewed purchases by a big holder. Small
rectipU and an improvement in cash demand i
were additional factors. July closed at 53*ic.
a gain of %©%c. . .
The feature of trading In oats was covering
by local shorta. July closed He up at 39%c.
Provisions were strong on an active demand
for all products. The interest of trading cen
tered in pork, there being heavy buying In
that product, credited to Eastern traders. The
market closed strong with July pork up 17%c
lard 2VS©5c higher, and ribs up 2J4c.
The leading lutures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2 — ¦
May 9.5 B6% 03>4 . ©6»i
July, old «H$ 88% 89 &>%
July.' -new SS ' 8SV4 87*4 n-;%L '
September, old. *2% S3>^ 82?4 S3U
September, new Sl«4 82ft 81«Z 82
Corn Nrt. 2— '
May 56T4 57«4 56« f.f
July ........... 531/i 64 53^4 53»4
September 52% 62% -62>i 62%
Oats No. 2— , "i
May 4l«4 42»4 42^ 41%
July. :«)4 40 3y% 39%.i
S&ptember 33«, 33V5 33 . 33U i
Mess Pork, per bbl.— ". (
May 13 20 13 47& 13 20 .1330 !
July 13 40 13 70 13 40 13 62'A
Lard, per 100 lbs.— ,: ?
May ¦ 7 O2«S--7 O7>4 • 7 00 7 O2VS
July ..7 20 7 25 7 17J£ 7 20
J-'hort Ribs, per 100 lbs.— •
May C 82H 7 00 6 05^ 6 95
July.... 7 10 7 15 7 07*,. 7 10
Future Grain and Provisions.
SATURDAY. April 2—12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS. •<
4s qr coup.. 107V 108 [4s qr cp new.13.1 1S3H
4s qr. reg... 10754108 |3s qr coup.. 107 107*4
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS. .
Ala AW 5s. — — |O T Co 6s..ll9U —
Bay CPC 5s. 101 • 102'i Do. 5s. ....Ill —
Cal C G 5s.: — lOih't Do con r.s.lOl'.j —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 75
m A ct 5s. — 86 Om Cable Cs. — 124'$
Cal-st C 5s.U6%117M Pac « Im 4s. — 9H
C C Wat 5s. — lOOli Pac E R 5s.lO5 1C5^
Ed L A P Cs.124 128 I'ACH6s..l04 103
F A C H 6s. 114% — T^AORCs..U6 —
Geary-st 5s. — — Powell-st Gs.— : —
H CAS t^s.100 — Sac EG&R 5s O9?4100tl
Do 5s — 98%ISF A SJVSs.116 116«4
Hon R T 6S.106U — (Sierra R 6s.. 112 —
L A Elec 5s. — 105 |S P of A 6s
L,A Ry 5s. .Ill — 1 <19f»ft) 106Viin7X$
L 'A L Co 6s.'— — [ <1010) 107U1C8
• Do gtd 6s. — — |S P of C j6s ¦
Do gtd Ks.lf^ — I <1905)Sr A. 101^ —
LAP lem 5S.1C0U — <l90S>Sr B. 102*4 —
Mkt-st C Ps.116 — (1006) 104H —
Do lem 5s. — 114% (1912) ..... — 116*4
MV&Mt T5S.1C4 — SPC 1 eff 5s. 115 110
NRR of C6s.lO«»41C8 Do stmpd..lC9 . 10914
Do Gs.....llfi*i — R P B R 6s. .131 —
N P C R 5S.1O41/4 — S V W Cs..lMi4103
N C Ry 5s. 109 — Do 4s 2dm. 99 —
N C P C Ss. 99 102 Do -Is 3dm. 8S% —
N-SRR»s. ¦— 100^. Stkn GAE 6s. — »7%
,O G LAH5S.100 — 1UO&E5I.. - ' 10S
O W gtd 5s — — I . \
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Coeta 35 40 [Port Costa.. — .'—--*
Marin Co. . . — 62H|S •«', W Co. . S9 39U
GA3 AND ELECTRIC.
Cent LA P. 3 Z%\S V G A E..'57«i —
Mutual. E L. 8% 10 (Stkn G A E. . 5 —
Pac L Co:..-56 ' |U-G A E Co. 29 82
TRUSTEES 1 CERTIFICATES.
CFG A E.. — — f . .
¦ INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.310 337%l
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 125- L P A A 152J4 — '
Anglo-Car.. ¦ 8" 1 * ¦—'• Mer Trust... — 220 ¦
! Bank of Cal. 428^440- MerchEx....— —
Cal Safe Dp. — 150 'i S F - Nation!. — —
First NaHonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S A L.2225 — ISav A L So. — 100
Hum S.A L. — " IRec Sav Bk." — 450
! Mutual Sav. 100 -¦. — [Union T Co. — .. —
S FSav U.625 — " |
j • STREET RAILROADS.
California ..— 200 I presidio — 42 »4
> Geary .. .... — SO I r $^SSgBaBBtKi
\ /;-., :.;'•>." powder. . • t
\ Giant ...... CO 61V4lV! B orlt .....J 4% 3
i SUGAR.
' Hana P Co.— 40c {KilaueaS C. "S^J —
Hawaiian C. 50 : .51 (Makaweli ' C. 21% —
Honokaa S C 12*4 13 jOnomeaS C."2I 2714
Hutch SPC 9% 10 IPaauhau 8 C 13% 14^
' : MISCELLANEOUS.' "
Alaska P A.145. 145J4 Oceanic SC. 4 5
Cal F C A.. 97 — Pac Aux FA. 5% —
Cal Wine A." 92*4 — " Pac C Borx.l6» —
MV& MtTm.100 ;— . ..
... Morning Session.
,¦> Board — : . :. ¦¦-,
30 Alaska , Packers' Awn ../..... 145 CO
,. 55 SF Gas: A Electric........... 58 CO
130 Spring Valley Water Co..... ."30 23 ;
$1,000 LA Pac RR 1 c 5s. .::.'?... 100 50 ,
.. ' .... ' -. -. Street -¦-.¦ . J/illl IlllJlllSJPf 1
ijr--- : -25 B F Gas A Electric.".......^—.. 58 25, j
?5, COO Market St Ry lit con 5s.... 114 00 ' j
California Stockand OilExclumge
¦¦¦¦¦' ' '•'¦¦" r: ' : ¦"¦". !
OUStock— • Bid. v . Asked. '
Alma .............; 1 so
Associated Trust 'certificates*. i6 20
Caribou ¦'; '.ii; ,vJ ; /.v;IfI'; !!;!*¦* i'io:' 3 Co
Central 'Polnt'Cori ....*..'.." .••--• R0 .'..:
Chicago Crude .............. 21 ....
Clar^mont C2, "63
STOCK AND BOND KXCHANGE.
• NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
j Stuck!?— Sales. High. Low.' Close.
Au-nison ,"i,m«i ¦ 72«fc 72V4 72
1 AtcJiiton ufd .v«j yr iu > a alVi
Baltimore 4b Ohio. l,2oo so«i 7'J%, 7U-" 1 !
¦ lialt & Ohio pfd .• S»
i Canadian 1'acinc . lw 115% H&H- H*
Central of N J I5«i
Cbes A Ohio 3<W 33«,i 33 ',i 33 %
Chicago & Alton.. liw 3» 3« 3fc
«"hi & Alton pfd 'SI
Chi & Gt Western 1,100 15*4 ¦ 15 l i 15%
Chicago & N- W... loo 171-, 171;, 171
Chi. Mil & Bt Paul 7,bO<i 145^ Mf» l*i%
ChS M & St P pfd .' 174t 3
Chi Term & Tran ¦ 91.1
Chi T & T pfd ' l»u
. C C C & St Louis ; 76 "
Colorado Southern. 200 16»i 16»i 16
Colo So 1st pfd .-.'. 53
Colo So 2d pfd 1'X) 23«a S3^i
Del & Hudson.... 4<X> 153% 153 1531s
Del Lack & West. 10<» 268 263 260
Denver & Rio Gr.. Ow 21li 21 »4 20 Va
Den & Rio Gr pfd 69'
Erie 1.O00 26»i 2«»4 26%
Erie 1st pfd 100 64 64 63»i
Erie 2d pfd 40ij
HocMng Valley 73
Hocking Val pfd... *O%
i; llncit- Central 130
Iowa Central 200 1S?« 18 . 18«^
Iowa Ontral pfd .... 33
K C Southern 10
K C Southern pfd 35
Loulsv & Na*hv... 1,900 100^ 10*ft jus^
Manhattan L 300 142V* 142^ 142%
Mctropol Securities 78%
JMetropol St Ry... eOO 112 111H 111%
Minn & St Louis .40
M fit P * fi S M.. 100 C2Vi 62',4 «2^
M EP St S S M pfd 11!>
¦Mitiourl Paclrtc .. 3.300 93% 93U J*3«t,
J Mis Karss & Texas 17*i
|M K & T pfd 200 38V4 3Sti 38U
N K R of Mex pfd. 200 3S 3S 37
N Y Central...... 400 fl'14' 117 116%
Norfolk Jfc West... 600 58% 58»4 58^
Nor & Wert pfd :.. 86 -
Ortailo A Western . .... 21%
Pennsylvania 10,600 118«i 118% 11S%
P C C & St Louie 6O
Reading 4.800 45% U% 44%
Reading I*t pfd... 100 7»",4 ~9\i 7S
Readlntr 2d pfd 60
Roc ta Island Co 700 23 22»i 22"^
Rock Island Co pfd 62U
Ki L & S F 2d pfd 200 46% 46 v 4*'.
Bt Louis S W -. -13U
St Louis fi W prd 33^4
Soutliern Padfle .. 3,700 49T4 . 4!)»i ' A9\
j Southern Railway. 3,100 22% 22% 22i,t
Soathern Ry p.'d.. 2C0 84% R4 84^,
iTtra« & Pacific... 1OO 23% 23% 23%
I Tol Ft 1j &. West. 100 25% 2.*.ti 24U
rT Ft L ft W pfd.. 1OO 35 35 34U
1 Ir.ion Paflfic 145.000 86% 85*4 W'?i
! I'nion Pacific prd.. 200* f>2«4 92<4 V2^
iWahnrh 2O0 19 19-1 18 T i
Wubssh t.fd l.Wi«> 38 37>i 37H
1 Wheel & Lake E.. 100 16»4 16*4 164
! Wlseonrln Central. lCi JH% 18% 18
I Wisconsin C«nl pfd / 40'
I Express Companies —
I Ademis .*... 2T0
'American 1S8
ITnlted State* 103
WH1*-Farjro 203
Mlftcrllaneous —
Amal Copper 2,700 M 40»5 494
Am Car & V 100 20 20, »»
Am C-r fc F pfd ...../ .... 72
Am Cotton Oil /...*..... 2!)%
Am Cotton Oil pfd 83
Am Ice 100 7 7 7
Am lee pfd .... .... 27 '
Am Linseed Oil.'... ..... .... .... 8
Am Linseed Oil pfd ...... .... .... SH%
Am Locomotive.... 100 21V, 21% 21Vi
Am Locomotive pfd 300 S2« 82 V, R2 "
Am S A Rfmr 700 49% 4S% 43^
Am S & Rfnr pfd. 200 Q2V, 02% 92 .
Am Suuar Rfng... 8,700 128% 12794 127?,
Anaconda Min Co CA
Brooklyn R T..... 3.100 44U 44 44
Colo Fuel A Iron.. 2SH
ConsoltdaUd Gas 197%
Corn Product* .... .... 131
i Com Product* Pfd ....• cs»4
DI«UHers' Secur... 500 25>» 25 24>J"
General . Electric 164
Inter Parser UK) 12 12 11
later Paper pfd... 100 C5»4 C5«4 . «5
Inter Pump....... ."W
Intrr. Puws pfd. .. ..:.. .... .... 7.">
National- Lesd..... ..... 15
North American... ¦;,. TT" ........ 84
Xcrv York Stocks and Bonds.
Chicago Board of Trade.
NEW YORK, April '2. — Total imports of dry
eoo<ls and general merchandise at the port of
New York for the week ending to-day were
valued at $11,288,774. . , ¦ , .
Exports of specie from New York for the
week were ?911,750 In sliver and $15,500 sold.
Imports of specie during the week were
¥25,6(35 gold and $5575 In sliver.
Exports and Imporfs.
Sales' on the California Exchange last week
were 2D.332 shares, valued at $10,614. the lead
ing sales being as follows: Associated Oil,
tiOCO shares; Claremont. 1500; Home. 3800: In
dependence, 12.C0O: Monte Cristo. 3300; Occi
dental and Pennsylvania. 500 each.
II. C. Cutting,' president of the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Exchange, Is reported very
ill from ptomaine poisoning.
Coast Range Oil Company of Coalinga has
levied an assessment of k? per share, delin
quent April 16.
Ex-coupon yesterday: Omnibus Cable Rail
way 63 191S semi-annual, amounting to |50,
000.
Business was quiet on all the exchanges,
and prices showed no fluctuations worthy of
note.
The Week Closes With All Lines
Quiet and Featureless:
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 2. — There were few
buyers In th* metal market to-day. Holders
were firm In their views and prices wer« nom
inally unchanged excepting for copper whtch
was quoted at 13013.25c for lake. 12.87'.4i&13c
for electrolytic and at 12.6214612.85 for casting.
Tin. $2S028 25. ... - ...»
Spelter. 5. 15© 5.25c.
Lead. 4.C0©4.65c.
Iron, steady and unchanged.
New York Metal Market.
APPLES— t"/'i}2 25 per box for extra fancy,
$1 5001 73 for ordinary fancy. 00c@$l 25 for
choice and 5o®73o for common.
CJTRUS FRUITS— Navel .Oranges. *1 50«
2 25 fof fancy. $1 25@1 75 for choice and 00o@
$1 25 for standard: Tangerines. $1 25<fl 75 per
box: Lemons. ?1 75©2 50 for fancy. $1 25{?1 50
for choice and 7&c@$l for standard; Grape
Fruit, fl 2S@2; Mexican , Limes. $54?G 50 per
rase; Bananas. ?li@2 per bunch for Hawaiian
and $1 50(92 25 for. Central American; Pine
applea. $2@3 per dozen.
About 20 drawers of Longrworth Strawberries
came in from Palo Alto and sold at 91 5Q@2
per drawer. Three crates of a larger variety
vame In from Los Angeles. - Each' crate con
tained 15 small baskets and the berries met
with prompt sale at SOc per basket.
' Despite the unsettled weather, trading In
the. Orange market was quite . active, . as the
recent warm weather caused (treat Improve
ment in the consumptive demand and most re
tailers were obliged to purchase freely in order
to replenish their exhausted supplies.' Prices
of all grades were well maintained, but the top
quotation for fancy stock was . obtained only
for large sizes. $2 being the top for the gen
eral market. The managers of the Orange
auction announced that five cars were at* hand
and two more were 'expected for Monday's sale.
The other Citrus fruits were ¦ in good supply
and dealers reported a fair demand at previous
prices. - ' ¦ ¦ ¦ " '-.- ' ,
There was a fair amount of business in ap
ples and prices were without quotable variance.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Flour qr sks .. 6,4Si!Straw. tons .:. »
Wheat ctls 74,C49|Wool. bales ... 110
B*- 1 --* ctl3 .... l,3ns|Corn Meal. East-
Beans, sks x 1,1841 ern. skfl W6
Corn East, ctl* ROOlHldes. No 750
Rye * ctls ..... 300) Leather, rolls .. 103
Potatoes, sks .. 5,5Otsf Chicory, bbls... 12
Onions sks ... 1."! Paper, reams .. 46
Bran, sks 4001 Wine, sals .... 31.7SO
Hav, . tons 445ISugar. ctls 8,000
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks .. 1, CO 1| Potatoes, sks .. 23-1
FOR SATURDAY. APRIL 2.
Receipts of Produce.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 5— 3 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the name data
tact *ea»cn. and the rainfall in the last twen
ty-four hours ;
Last This Lest
Stations — 24 Hour*. S*sKon. Eeason.
Eureka .' O.20 T7.fl4 48.23
Red Bluff 0.00 27. 319 22.77
Eacramento 0.00 15. 81 10.41
Ran Franeieco.. Traca 18.00 18. 11
Fre«no ©.**> <••<** S.13 .
Independence ... O.00 2.»5 2.15
(. L. Oblrpo.... 0.00 13.85 17. Zi
Weather Report.
The circular of the San Joaquin Producers'
- Aeaociation of Stockton says:
•The season of 19O3-1JK)4 has been protper
*"©re, grower* have had large crops, and prices
kave ruled high. Since harvest there has been
a steady demand from most every State and
prints in Europe for California product*.
Stocks of produce and beans are llpht and th«
new crops of l»oi will come on a market that
Is comparatively cleaned up.
"POTATOES — The market 1* firm at quota.
ttens under a *tea6r demand. Mississippi
•ud Miekouri River points are still using Cali
fornia potatoes, which Is unusual at this time
.of the year. The East ha* experienced a hard
and dosed winter, which ha* prevented po
ts to shipments from the north. The conse
quence Is California potatoes are in demand
from the Southwestern States. Thi* large
trade ha* taken hundreds of cars, which h*s
reduced stocks to such «.n extent that the new
crops will cume Into a comparatively barren
market.
•i.xc«»ive rain* will delay the new crop at
lent thirty days, and this, combined with
licnt vtocks and very !«rg* eeed demand, we
anticipate will make a much higher market a*
the »ea*on for old potatoes draws to a close
"ONIONS— Sound stock at this time of the
j-ear U usually scarce, but large receipts of
Australian brown tand more coming) are sup
plylns the demand, and prices as quoted are
not expected to advance.
"BEANS — It Is reixjrtcd that Russia has
pet-chased on the Continent uf Europe enor
mous amounts of beans tor UUpment over
toe trans-Siberian Railway to the Far Eat>t.
California should have this trade, and would '
, heve It If Congress would take the matter up
and ineiat that food products, carried iu
American bottom* flo&tlnc the American flag, '
destined to Japaiwre or Russian ports, are nut
contraband ol war. Heavy buying on tb*
Continent ha* decreased imports of foreign '
be&ns at the Atlanttc seaboard, and It is re
ported that the etocks of foreign beans at New
York and Boston are C0.OO0 tacks less at the
present than at the same time in 1903. :
•The Eaeteru markets are up, and New (
York and Boston the past month have been
heavy buyer* of California white bean*. Mich
igan liaa bad a clo*'d winter, which has pre
vented chipping. This has permitted CsJlfor
ma shipper* to supply a very large territory
that usually is supplied by Michigan dealers. '
T*ie general situation Is quite bullish. Tlie i
vteadr shipping of California beans the past !
eixty da)« has decreared atocks and holders ;
ar* wr firm In tbelr views, and there ts nc •
dlrpositiem to let ro. The Be&n acreage In I
California for 1!K»4 will be less than ltvt;j. due i
t<> floods in that section of the State— the lei- :
erds of the San Joaquin and Sacramento riv
er* — which produce over &O i*r cent of th» j
witlre crop of Wa*hinrtons, Pinks, liayrw anj i
Blackeyes. Tfce situation of colored beaiia. •
cspedallr Pink*. I* verry dtrons. as there are
not now on hand in the State more than 20.000 I
eacks. which is not more than enough to eup- '
ply the local demand between now and Octo
ber I- Texas. New Mexico and Arizona arc
lnrre ectisumer* of California Pink beans.
Tr.iF demand alone will force the price of
Pink* before* the crop of J&04 will be ready
for mtrkft (about October 15. 1904) to a figure
»>eyond any ever recorded. Look out for 4-cent
Pinks. The stocks of Blackeyes north of Ven
tura ts less than 7000 sacks, which are light
•lock*, and eonsidcrinc the prewtt low prices
m. hotter market «hould prevail."
Potatoes and Beans
The receipts !n March were 11.371 ton»
Wheat. 10.906 tons Barley. 1233 tons Oats. 4 JO
tons Corn. S9S tons Bran and 36,316 eack*
Beans.
Her.rj- C. Bunker, chief gTaln inspector of
the Merchants' Exchange, reports stocks of
grain In regular warehouse and on wharf
April 1 as follows. In ton*:
WHEAT
Mar. 1. Apr. 1.
Tort Costa 13.422 12,83*
Stockton 22.250 1&.K3G
City 1,115 1.856
BARLEY
Mar. 1. Apr. 1.
Port Cost* 11.271 8.7.CJ
Stockton I.CSO 6,51<»
City 10.479 3.UVJ
Mar. I. Apr. 1.
Oats 4.015 3,036
Corn :tl5 i*m
Bran 421 <(»
Bur.!, sacks 101.579 S1.5M7
Stocks of Gram
Internal Revenue Collections
: The collections ef Internal Revenue in the
f *n Francisco district in March were as fol
lo*re:
Grain spirit* fill. 218 47
Fruit Spirits 45,200 27
Beer 63.433 00
Osars end cigarettes 29,70tJ fel
•Tobacco 1,726 04
Snuff 16 58
Ki*« S.301 75
.Fpertal tax** 3. OSS 14
. Kxports 100 90
Playing card* 10 3U !
Total f256.»49 26
In March, 1U03. the collections were $20%,
726. The total collection* from January 1 to
March 31 were $714,372. aralntt S503.C77 dur
ing ;.¦•? seme perioC in l'.nj.
SATURDAY, April 2—12 m:
Bid. Ask. I Old.Ask.
Alpha 08 OSJJustlce »<CT . 04
Alta OS lOIKentuck ..... 02 03
Andes 47 4!>lKeye» Grae*.. SO —
Belcher ...... 25 26[ljidy Wash .. — Cfl
Be^t & Belch.2 30 2 40| Mexican .....2 CO 2 70
Bullion CO lOlOccldental ... 89 90
Caledonia ...1 20 l_25fOphir ....6 12% « 37%
Challenge Con "2 ."WtOverman .... 25 2«
Chollar 20 21|Potosl 26 27
Confidence ...t 00 1 10 Scorpion 14 15
Con C & Va.l M 2 00 Savage 57 V>
Con imoeriaL V2 m Ses BeTcher.. 13 t4
Con N Y Ki 04!Slerra Ner .. *t JR
Crown Pomt. in 20!Sllver Hill .. 5S 5»
F.ast Sierra N 05 — St Ixiuls .... 10 t"
Eureka Con.. — : S0| Syndicate .... 04 OS
Exchequer ... 19 2f>l Union Con ..9* JW
Gould & Cur. 44 45! Utah 20 Jt
Hale & £orc 00 P2[ Yellow Jacket 34 35
Julia 03 04|
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. Bid.AsV.
Esperama ... — 01 Ton * Cal-..' — 21
Llttlx Ton .. IS —Ton * G W.. — M
MacNamara .19 20 Ton of Nev. . — 8 CO
Mlzpah Ex .. — 25 Ton N Star.. 32 .—
Mont Ton..l 40 1 47U|Ton Midway.. 37 M
Ray Ton ..."10 J4ITon Sunertor. ~ 10
Ray & OBrlen — 03! United Ton ..10 —
Rescue- 07 CSlWest End .. — 23
Ton Belmont. CO 631 .
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
2C0 MacNamara . . 19f 1400 Ton Midway.. 38
lOOn MacNamara. 20J.WO Ton Midway.. S7
lfiro Mont Ton -.1 50| ICO Ton of Nev. .7 75
ICO Mont Ton-.l 52Ut 100 Ton of Nev.. 8 OO
500 Rescue ...... 07! SCO Ton N Star.. 33
0C0 Ton Belmont. 60|
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopab Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
400 Belcher ..:... 27 100 Mexican ...2 62H
SOO Caledonia ...1 25 200 Mexican 2 70
100 Con C & Va.l 95 If* Mexican 2 75
200 Con C & V.I 97% 500 OiJhrr 8 50
{WO Exchequer ... 18 ICO Overman .... 26
fiOO Gould & Cur. 46 2OO Savaga R9
P.ro Hale & Norc. 00 ICO Sefr Belcher.. 1.1
200 Mexican 2 60 ICO Union Con .. 96
100 Mexican 2 6,'.! 100 Union Con .. 93
Following were the sale* on the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 26] 200 Overman 23
50 Best *: Belch.2 5012000 Scorpion .14
100 Con C A Va.l B5I 300 Seg Belcher.. 13
200 Crown Point. 19! 100 Sierra Nev . . 79
100 Gould & Cur. 45| 4C0 Sierra Ner ..80
600 Mexican 2 65) 400 Union Con .. 97
400 Mexican 2 70 ICO Utah 20
ICO Ophir « 25|
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE
Mining Stocks.
Esperanza j... 1 25 .....
Four «3
Fulton 1 CO 3 75
Giant 17
Hanford 172 CO 175 00
Home 162% t«
Imperial 18 CO
Independence ...*. 20 22.
Junction • it ••••
Kern .i SCO 5 25
Kern River 10 60 ....
Lion 01
Monarch (of Arizona) 40 43
Monte Cristo '. &? W»
Occidental of W Va 12
Oil City Petroleum 30 «l
Peerless , 14 00
Ptttsburg 2O
Reed Cruda 1 30 ....
Senator 60 ....
Sovereign 43 .«•-.
Sterling 2 60 3 00
Superior 03
Thirty-three 8 50 8 00
Toltec 19
Twenty-eiffht *. 6 00 ....
Associated Bonds 7S;« 79 \t
Miscellaneous —
Fischer's Theater 1 25
Northern Cal Power 10 50 ....
Parafflne Paint 38 50
Sanitary Reduction Works 2 CO
Morning Session.
7COHome. 163*4
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS..
Bay CPC 6s. 97% — IS P Co 4s.. — 100
B L Wat 6S.10O — |S P C 4fcs.. 99 —
Cal N W 5s.lO8?411Oi4 Sun Tel 6s.. US —
His I W 5s.. — 107Vi Sutter-st 8s.lC5 113
SF Drdk 5s. — 113 1 .* UR of SF 4s. 77Ts «3
S F&NP Ss.llUi — I
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 23 25U Mat Nav Co. 60 80
Cal Cot Mils 86 — Ner Nat Bk.lS5 205
Cal Jock Cl. 00 12O N S.R R... SMi _
Cal Powder.125 140 N C P Co... 10H 11
Cal Ship Co. 15 SO (Oak Bk Sav.ll2>^ — *
Cal T I & T. — 135 lOak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk Oak 63% — IOOF Hall A. 6 —
Chutes Co... 6 7 Orpbeum Co. 14*5 15?<J
City ft C Bk — 112 Pac S Tel... 101 —
East Dynm-150 25© Paraf Paint. M —
El dP dN P 75 — SF Drydock. 60 —
Do com 40- — SF&SJ Coal. 20 —
FN Bk Oak. 120 — SJWatCo..— 10«
Fischer Thtr l}i 1% 8 O*Tf bt Co — 165
Frnch-A Bk.105 — Swiss- A Bk.11.1 —
Gas Con A. 19% 21 Truck Elect. 10
HOno P Co.. 11% — UR lnCo pfd. 43 —
Lon S F Bk. — 60 Do com... 9 —
Local Bank Clearings during the week Just
•nfled w.ere 128,725.066, against $31,756,460 dur
ing the same week In 190U showing a decrease
of $3,033,394. The clearings during the corre
sponding week in 1902 were 526,109,758.
Bank Clearings
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market la
quiet and the undertone is rather easy, though
raiders are in most instances asking full rates.
PRUNES— Are" quiet at from 3&c to 6'4c.
awrdlnr to rrade. -
'PEACHES and APRICOTS— Well cleaned up
and the market Is more or less nominal.
Clioiee aprlccts. O^glOc: extra choice 10HQ»
lOi-ic;. fancy, 11013c. Peaches, 7 U 07 lie 'for
choice; OViSlOc for fancy.
NEW YORK. April 2.— FLOUR— Receipts,
47.5U0 barrels; exports, 42,900 barrels; market
very quiet, with a firm undertone; winter
patents. $5 20©5 50; winter straights, S5®
5 20; Minnesota bakers, $5 25fr5 HO- winter
extras. ?;; 35Q4; winter low grades. $3 15ffl3 80
WHEAT— Receipts. 54,000 bushels; export"
81,600 bushels; spot was steady; No. 2 red
$1 y« elevator; $1 O7«i.l 10 nominal, f. o. b
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 06 f. o b.
afloat. Options were fairly steady all day
closing Uc higher; May. U8%c; July, 03»4c;
September, 85 He •*.-*.
HOPS— Steady; State, common to choice,
1903 croc. 27C36c; 1903 crop. 23027c: old*
8®14c; Pacific Coast. 1903 crop, 24@31c- 1002
crop, 23®27c; olds, *JQ14c. '
HIDES — Steady: Gaiveston ,' 18c; California.
10c: Texas dry. He •*
WOOL — Firm: domestic fleece. 29«32c
PETROLEUM— Eaty.
SUGAR and COFFEE— Holiday.
DRIED FRUITS.
Ne:v York Grain and- Produce.
Open. ¦ High. Low. Close.
May— No sales; $1 (Wft bid.
December 98'4 98 & . 08U- 9S}i'
OATS — The week clo»ed on a quiet and fca.
turelcss market.". * • ¦
White. »1 X7V4©1 37%; Black. $1 25®1 35;
Red SI 25«tl 35; Gray. $1 ;(2# per ctl.
CORN — There was no further change to re
port yesterday. The market was quiet.
Western sacked. $1 35®1 40 tor . Yellow.
$1 32»A«H 40 fcr White and $1 30@l 35 for
Mixed: California large yellow. $1 asgsi 42Vi;
small round flu. $1 OOtSl 55- White. $1 4(hgl 45
p«r ell: IScyDtian. $1 4031 50 for white and
$1 2"Mi@l «0 for brown.
RYE— $1 30® 1 32 Vt per ctl. • • ,
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75<g2 per ctL
FUTURES.
Session 0 to 11:30 a. m
Feed. $1 1C01 13ft: Shipping and Brewing,
*1 17V»#1 20; Chevalier. $1 13@l £5 for fair
to choice.
CASH HARLHV
California Club. $1 37>?itH 45; California
Whit* Australian. $1 5O&1 60; Northern club.
$1 ;:5«1 42>4; Northern Bluestem, $1 50®l 55
per ctl.
FUTURES.
. . Session 0 to 11:30 a. m. .
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $1 :5Sv; $1 :jk% $i :\*v+ %\ :w^
December ... 1 33ft 1 "-'Hi 1 33% 1 33 Wi
BARLEY — Business was slack yesterday ami
the market for cash grain was a fraction off.
Futures showed no particular' change.
The steamer Coptic took out for Japan yes
terday JUS30 tons barley, valued at $11,735.
The shipment was part of tho 10,000 tons pur
chared by the Japanese Govornment some tlmo
ago. The balance will be shipped by the Brit
ish steamer Missouri early this week.
"It was a much quieter market with very
little outside business and small local trade.
The feature of the day was the crop j news.
'• he Modern Miller was bearish and notes a
general Improvement In crop advices, which is
rather confirmed by , current commercial re
port*. Snow was out jwlth an estimate of crop
condition of W>. This would be a low condition
for April. The Government crop reports "\for
fourteen years show only four years as low
as this. The whole situation on wheat Is one
of uncertainty. . The crop Is not getting any
too good a start and needs weather of the
most favorable kind. The very moderate
stocks of cash wheat are strongly held every
where and tho moderate demand of cash wheat
has to pay higher prices and bid premiums.
On the other hand, the mills are having a
very poor demand for flour and the indica
tions are that dealers and distributors In flour
loaded up heavily on the war. and a,rc not
likely to be In the market to any large extent
for some time to come. As we approach a
new crop, with the futures strong, both millers
and buyers of flour will be likely to run from
hand to mouth to get the I advantage of the
low prices of the futures. With the'Improv
ing tendency of the crop, the situation, the
movement from first hands* should al?o in
crease. The Government crop report comes in
ten days and should be bullish, but It is a
question whether, it. will be as low as Snow's.
It Is a little too f-oon. to sell wheat short, but
our own feeling is that we would only. buy it
on breaks 'and for moderate profits." ¦
There" was -nothing new in this market and
all quotations remained about the same.
A full cargp has cleared for Europe, the ship
Travancore taking out. 71,721 ctls, valued at
$100,400.
' CASH WHEAT. -J' ¦
The details of Snow's estimate of a crop
condition of SO. which •follows, are as fol
lows: Kentucky <jO. Ohio CO. Tennessee C8,'
Indiana 72. Illinois S3. Missouri 81. and Kan
sas SO.
The Chicago dispatches of Mitchell. Muleahy
& Co. say: . .
WHEAT — There will be nothing from Europe
until Tuesday, as Monday will be a holiday
there.
Wheat and Other Grains.
Eggs like Butter, were freely offered around
the street yesterday and .most dealers quoted
19c as the to? of the market, though 20c was
still obtained In a small way for large white
selected. Buyers did not take hold, as the
Easter demand had been satisfied and .they ex
pected lower prices "to rule to-morrow. The
lower grades of ranch were very weak. Th«
market closed depressed and tending down
ward.
Receipts were 4IJ.60O lbs Hutter, 1546 cases
Kpt'« and 4100 lbs Coeese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, 20<?I21c
for extras and Ida for firsts; dairy. , 15@19c;
atore Butter, nominal; cold storage, nominal.
CHEESK — SM:®Uc for good to choice new
and ~(iSc for lower grades; Young Americas,
S»Vi<i?10c: Easte.ru. 15@ltSc: Western.. - l«®15e
per lb. . ••
EGGS— Ranch. 18%©19c for fair to choice
and 'JCc for large white selected In a small
way; store. 17® 18c per dozen. : :¦-.
Chfese remained as before quoted.' Supplies
are still excessive, . " ' • •
The week closed on a very weak market for
both Butter and Eggs. Two steamers from
Humboldt brought In large lines of Butter and
the receivers offered this description freely at
20c. Buyera held off. expecting still lower
prices on Monday, especially as, another
steamer falls due within the next twenty-four
hours. The great bulk of the fine Butter yes
terday went at 20c. and while some special
marks still brought _21c the figure was extreme
and was not exptcted to be obtainable on Mon
day. _ . , - -.. ; ¦• - • . ¦¦ - ,'_ ' >-¦'
i Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The Coptic took' out a treasure list of $5S,
050. consisting of $2C00 in Mexican dollars
and $56,000 in silver bullion for Hongkong and
?5O <n »rold coin for Yokohama.
Financial' truotattons. remained unchanged.
Stertlns Kxchange, alxty days.... — S4 bo&
Sterling Exchange, right ........' — 4 88
Sterling Exchange, cables — 4 SO
New York Exchange, sight — I 12^
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Silver. »er ounce ¦ — ' f.5%
Mexican Dollars, nominal — 45ij
Exchange and Bullion.
Time loans were easy. Sixty days, 2^463
per cent; ninety days, 3 per cent; six months,
3"ii§4 per cent.
NEW YOIiK. April 2. — Clo*e — Money on call
wen nominal; no leans. ~
New York Money Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Lo* Aagele* O.OS 7.73 16.28
Ban Diego 0.00 4.09 . 18.68
THE COAST RECORD.
e K S a 2
1 |i:-|fii is t
STATIONS. £ .| «g |S . »- . S
*% K V , 1 —
• *• •» • o
C C ' • 3
: • 3 : : :
Baker 30.08 6« 32 SE Cloudy !t)0
Carsoa 30.02 C6 28 W Cloudy .t>0
Eureka 30.08 52 50 N Rain .20
Fresno 30.06 74 DO SW Cloudy .(.to ;
S. i:.Farallon.30.UO 54 . . S Rain .O<>
FlajBTStaft 30.02 50 18 W Clear .00 ¦
Pocatello 30.06 00 32 S Clear .00
Independence .29.88 04 " 34 SE Cloudy .00
Lo* Angeles.. 30.08 74 48 W Pt.Cldy .00
Mt Tamalpais.30.0S 47 42 SW Foggy T.
North Head 44 |
Phoenix S0.O0 74 40 W Cloudy .OO
Point Reyes. .30. 03 54 .. SE Rain .14
Portland 30.00 5t* 48 NW Cloudy .01
Red Bluff 30.04 64 48 SE Cloudy .00
Roseburg 30.05 56 48 NW Rain .01
Sacramento ..30.0(1 64 52 SW Cloudy .00
6a.lt Lake 30.02 58 42 W Clear .00
Fan Fra.iicisco.30.12* 58 50 SW Cloudy T.
S. L. Oblspo.. 30.10 66 44 S Pt.Cldy .00
San Diego 50.06 68 5O NW Clear .00
! Seattle 30.14 52 4t» NW Rain .20
Spokane 30.00 06 30 SW Clear .00
•Tatoosh 30.12 48 22 W Cloudy .00
j Walla Walla.. 29. 8S 08 40 W Pt.Cldy .00
Winnemucca S0.0O .ns 32 SW Cloudy .00 :
j Tumi 30.00 SO 46 N Clear .00
¦W EATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
i FORECAST.
I The pressure has fallen slowly along the Pa
cific Coast and rapidly over the lntermountaln
reffion.
Cloudy weather prevails from Los Angeles
nortbward. and rain has fallen from San Fran
; ci«co to Kureka. Condition* are unfavorable
! fcr *ettlsd fair weather on Easter day over
' tl» creater iwrtlon of California.
The temperature has fallen about 20 de- j
gi-ees over Western Oregon and Western Wash
! Jnrton.
1 The following river readings are reported:
! Colusa, 23.9, falling: MarysvM*. 15.0, falling;
| Sacramento, 23.8, falling; San Joaquln Bridge,
t 15.5, fallinr- /
Foreot't made et San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. April 3:
Northern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Sunday, with showers; fresh south
erly winds, changing to northwesterly; cooler
In the Interior.
Southern California — Cloudy Sunday, possi
bly iisrht showers in northern portion; fresh
southwest winds. «
Nevada — Cloudy, cooler Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unset
tled weather Sunday, i>robably rhowers; cool
er: fresh southwest winds, changing; to north
erly. A. G. McADIE, District Forecaster.
Tb* prtr&t* wiTtm of Mltcht'.l, Muleahy & Co.
y«rt«Td«.y reported the New York stock market
ataaClBj- cp better than expected under the
bank atatement. which showed the large In
«mn of $li.M3.000 in loans, tbougfa consider
*t:« of tats lncrea** vu dn» to paymenu on
tfc* PennsylvaAla loan of $50,000,000. Consid
ering, however, that tbi» Increase In loan* was
offset by a. lanre increase of 520.700,000 In de
•poslts. It would seem to the average citizen
that the market ought to stand up under the
• taternent. The baoks now have oustanding In
loan* considerably over $1,000,000,000. Gold
export* to Paris on a more general scale are
expected to begin by next Thursday's steamer.
Wall Street Tips.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Qnet&tioe* iron th« East and Europ* were
OmsKmbtr curtailed yesterday. The New
Tortc Cotton and Coffee excaanre* were not la
**m'.on *ad t6» ' Burop«an exchanges closed
tt«!r eoera lact Thunday until Tuesday. Quo
t»t:oo» r«oelT«d from Chicago and New York
¦hovrad no particular Cuctuatlons In anything.
Outside Quotations.
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, April 2. — Wheat, unchanged;
blue- stem. 83c: club, 76c.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April 2.-r-Wheat— Walla Walla,
75c: .blue stem, Sl@82c; valley, Sic.
Northern Wheat Market.
Five cars of Western Poultry were marketed
during the week and the receipts of domestic
stock were liberal throughout. The market
was quiet and rather easy at the close, as the
extra demand for Easter and tlie Jewish holi
day had been satisfied. , but prices of all de-
I scriptiuns except small Broilers were, un
j changed. As previously mentioned, small
i Broilers yere a drug on the market and quite
1 a quantity had to be carried over, although
thf-y were. offered freely at '52 per. dozen.
Game arrivals, were liberal and the demand
was nothing extra. The receipts consisted
chiefly of Hare, which were quoted lower.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys. l«g>18c per lb;
Geese, per pair, $2@2 25: Goslings, $2@2 25;
Ducks $5 OOfctt 50 per dozen for old and $6 50®
7 50 for young; Hens, $7*88 for large and
$5 50@ti 50 for. small; young Roosters, $7 50®
8 50: i old ! Roosters., $5@0; Fryers. $5 50@6;
Broilers $4 .MJCjo for large and S2®3 50 for
! small: Pigeonn, $1 25@1 >">o per dozen for old
and $2 50<?2 75 for Squabs,
j GAME — Gray Geese, %S@'i 50 p«r dozen; White
Geece. *1&1 00; Brant, »1 50-&2 for small and
' %'i 50®3 fcr larjre; Honkers. $i@5; English
! Snipe, $3 50; common Snipe. $1 60^2: Rabbits,
! $1 &0t§2 for Cottontails end $1@1 25 for Brush;
Harc.'$l@l 25. , " . -
Poultry and Game.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.65c;
Powdered, 5.50c; Candy Granulated, 5.50c;
Dry Granulated, fine. 5.40c: Dry Granu
lated, coarse. 5.40c; Fruit Granulated. B.40c;
Beet Grai:ulat«d (100-lb. bags •¦ only). 5.80c:
Confectioners' A. 5.40c; Magnolia A. 5c:
Extra C. 4.80c: Golden ' C. -4. SOc: "D."
4.70c: barrels, 10c more; half barrels. 23c nor*:
boxes, £0c more: SO-lb bags. 10c moro for all
kinds. Tablets — Half barrels, 5.90c; boxes,
0.16c: H. & E. Crystal Dominos. S.40c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or its equivalent.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7®
7V6c per lb; White Lead, 7@7?£c, according to
quantity. . .
rOAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. #S: Seattle, *6 50; Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hill. $C; Stanford. $7: Koslyn. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 30; Greta, $7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland, 513 in bulk and $14 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14;
Welsh Anthracite Ece.. $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 50@13
per ton In bulk and $15 in sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ion. according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels i for cases,
add 5c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw: Castor OH, . In cases. No. • 1, 70c;
Bnkers' AA, $1 10©l 12; Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c fcr raw; China Nut, 60@70c per gallon;
Cccoanut Oil In barrels, 5Sc for Ceylon and 65c
for Australian: extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. "85c: natural winter Sperm Oil. 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 65c; natural Whale
Oil. 00c; extra winter strained Lard Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Lard OH. 60c: pure Neatsfoot Oil. 75c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c: light Herring Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c; Salmon Oil. 38c:
boiled Fish Oil, 40c; raw Fish OH. SSc; boiled
Paint OH. 33c; raw Paint Oil, 33e. '
COAL* OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 20'^c: Astral, 20^c;
Star. 20Uc: Extra Star. 24%c; Elaine. 26%c:
Eocene. 23%c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 16c; In cases. 22 J ic: Benzine, in bulk.
13c: in cases, r<»%c: S,C-d:gree Gasoline In
bulk. 25c; In cases. Sic.
TURPENTINE— 84c Der gallon In cases and
7Sc in drums and iron barrels.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 5%c spot and 6%c June-
July; San Quentln. $5 40; Wool Bags, 32@35c;
Fleece Twine, 7@8c. i •
General Merchandise.
SEATTLE, _ April 2.— Clearings, $770,207;
TACOMA, 'April 2.->-Clearing3, $205,390;
balances, S76.516.
PORTLAND. April 2. — Clearings, $313,450;
SPOKANE,'' April 2.— Clearings, - 1 370,210;
balances, $59,346. /
/ Northern Business.
St. Louis Wool Market!:
ST. LOUIS, April 2. — WOOL — Steady.
Medium grades, clothing and combing, 18@22c;
light flae, lCigniie; heavy fine, 12@l4^o; tub
washed. 20© 31c. ¦;..,•
j Miscellaneous Markets. |
CHICAGO. April 2. — On ths Produce Ex
change to-day the butter market was steady;
creamery, 14@24c; dairy. 12>£@21c. Eggs were
easier at HS%@ 1O % C - Cheese was weak at
0@10&c. ¦ ¦ :¦ V " ' -v- ''-.'
Butter, Cheese\and Eggs.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered in San Francisco, less 60
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:.
CATTLE — Steers, 809c; Cows and Heifers,
7©8c; thin Cows, 4®5c per lb. . .;
CALVES — *®4%c per lb (gros* weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%@5%c; Ewes. 4%S*%c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMB — Spring, 15®16c per lb.
HOGS — Live Hogs, 140 to 200 lbs, 5 T^@flc;
over 200 lbs. 5%®5%c; soft Hogs, 4%®5%c:
8ows. 20 per cent oft;. Boars, 60 per cent off,
and Stags, 40 per i cent off from above quota
tion*.
BEEF— 7%®8%c for Steer* and 7©7H« P«r
lb for Cows, . -,-¦¦• /
VEAL— Large. . 8K89c: small. 8%09tt« P«r
pound. -
MUTTON— Wethers. »%eiO&c; Ewes. OHO
10c per lb. r
LAMB— 15@16c per lb.
.FORK— Dressed Hogs, e«(S9c per lb.
. LIVESTOCK MARKET. .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
arc as follows: . v ' /¦ . ¦ ¦ J
Quotations for everything remain as before.
Stocks of everything except Veal and Pork are
Il^ht and the tone of the general market la
very firm.
DRESSED. ME ATS.
Meat Market.
Eastern and Foreign quotations considerably curtailed.
Local Bank Clearings lose $3,033,000 last tcr<?fe.
Shipment of $58,050 m Specie to the Orient.
Wall-street Stocks show little variation.
Light trading on the local Stock Exchanges.
Condition of American Wheat crop estimated at 80.
Barley quiet, with the cash grain lower.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged. Bran advanced 50c.
Hay market working around into better shape again.
No further changes in Beans and Seeds.
Oregon Potatoes and Onions higher. Asparagus advanced.
Poultry and Game quiet and unchanged.
Orange market active at previous prices.
Provisions still quiet here and elsewhere.
Hops quiet, with not many left on hand.
Previous prices quoted for Cattle, Sheep and Hogs.-
Shipment of 5330 tons of Barley to Japan.
Adams Con........ lolLIttle Chief 06
Alice lSiOntarlo 4 50
Kreece 10|Ophir 5 00
Brunswick Con 03 Phoenix C3
Comstock Tunnel.. 08 Potosl V5
Con Cal & Va 1 S3 Savage -59
Horn Silver 1 2iT Sierra Nevada 75
Iron Silver 2 15 Small Hopes. ..:..-. 15
Leadville Con 02 Standard 2 65
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS
Do 3'js 94>4!X £i"W con 4s... 07
Central of Ga 5s.l(KUj,|OSL 4s & Pertlc. »4»i
Do 1st inc CS.iPcnn conv 3^s 96Vi
Chcs & Ohio 4Vis.l(n: (Reading gen 4s... »6Si
Chi & Alton 3^is. 76H!ftTL & IM con 5s.ll4; a
C. B & Q new 4s. 94 iStL & EF fg 4s.. 82%
O.M &. StP gen4s.lO7?i|St L S W Ists... 04*8
C & N W con 7s.l29%f Seaboard A L 4s. 70
C. R I & P RR 4s 71 |Southern Pac 4s... 89M»
Do col 5s 79ri|Southern Ry 5s. .113%
CCC & SL gen 4e,101 ITexas & Pac Ists. 116%
Chi Terminal 4*. SO |T StL & XV 4s.. 6994
Con Tobacco 4s... 69*4 Union Pacific 4s.. 10::%
C F & I conv 5?. 71 | Do conv 4s 98%
Colo & South 4s. 86 L" S Steel 2d 5s.. 75^
Via & Rio G 4s. O7«4lWabash Ists.. . . . ,11C>^
Erie prior Hen 4s 97% Do deb B 61 K
Do gen 4s 83% Wheel & L E 4s.. 87«4
FtWtDC lsts-lOSU Wisconsin Cen 4s. S9;i
Hocking Val 4^s.l0T&|
Xj B ref 2s. reg...lOS |L& N unl 4s. 98%
Do coupon..... 105^4 1 Man con gold 43.103'^
Do 3s reg 105!)i | Mexican Cen 4s.. e5'
Do coupon 107 Do 1st lnc 13tJ
Do new 4s reg. 107 Vi j Minn & St L 4s.. 00
Do coupon 107% M, K & T 4s 10O
Do old 4s. reg.,132%1 Do 2d3 771i
Do coupon 1X1 |NR of Mex con 4s 7G
Atchlson gen 4s. 99»i N Y C gen 3^s.. »S«.;
Do adj 4s 89%|N J C gen 5s 128%
Atlantic C L 4s.. 92Vj|Northern Pac 4s.. 103
Bait & Ohio 4s.«r».lCO ) 5J 1 | Do -s 72
Common, bid 4tf. asked *%; preferred, bid
35U. asked 36.
NEW YORK BONDS.
Total Sales 118,000 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OP. SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. April 2.— Bond transactions
United Railroads of San Francisco, 2000 at
$79.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
Pacific Mail 27ft
People's Gas 6,400 100% 95 98H
Pressed , Steel Car. ........ 28%
Prewsd € Car pfd tK>
Pullmnn Pal Car. . .... 208
Republic Steel..... 100 7% 1% I 7*4
Republic Steel pfd. ' 100 43V» *3»4 «
Rubber Goods COO. 19%' 1»% 18%
Rubber Goods pfd. 200 70 78 79
Teon Coal & Iron. 2,300 33*i 39 30
U S Leather. ...... 600 6'4 <?% 6T 8
U S Leather pfd... 100 ' 78 78 77%
U S Realty .... C
U iS Realty pfd 100 50H 50% 60 1£
U S Rubber 1.800 14^ 13% 13%
U S Rubber pfd... 1.000 bGV. 56 56%
U S Steel 3.600 11% 11 11
U S Steel pfd.... 15,200 C9% 69<4 50^
WesUngh«use Elec 159^
Western Union 88%
Northern Secur.... .".: 100
SUMMARY OP THE MARKETS.
CHICAGO, April 2.— CATTLE — Receipts,
200 head; market nominal; good to prime
steers.. $5 25@6 80; poor ¦ to medium," $3 B0@5;
stockors and feeders, $2 60@4 25; cows, $1 75
@4 25; heifers, $2@4 SO; canners, . $1 75@2 50;
bulls, $2#4; calves, $2 60®5 50; Texas fed
steer*. $4<g4 CO. • --,¦.•-, . .-¦. ¦--•>.¦¦
HOGS — Receipts to-day : T000 • head. Monday
35,000 head; market . steady; mixed and
butchers', $5 20Q'5 40; good to. choice heavy,
{5 30<f»5 43; rough heavy, $5 15®5 80; light,
$5 10@5 30; bulk of sales,. $5 25@5 36. • :
SHEEP— R*>celpts, 2000 head; sheep ateady.
lambs steady; ' good to choice, wethers, $4 75®
5 40; fair to choice mixed,"- $3 5034 50; West
ern sheep, $4 f.0-55 40; native 4arhbs, $4 50@
$5 00; Wastern lambs. (4 75®5 00. .'. .>¦•¦'
CHICAGO.
Livestock; Market.
the top quotation, while poor stock was easier.
The effects of the | recent Inundation of many
river " plantations are beginning to be felt and
much poor .stack.*, which \ was being held ' by
J growers for seed ; purposes, r is ¦ coming - in ¦ to
j this market. New Potatoes were firmer under
! light receipts, and -a steady demand. Stocks
i of Onions were less liberal than -for some time
j" past and choice lots of Oregon were firmly held
; at sharply advanced price*. .
i The - market for Asparagus opened firm un
der a good demand for local consumption, and,
as receipts were moderate, ; prices were higher
j all lound and the market -was practically bar*
| at the close: Rhubarb - was -•. lower, .a* the
I Growers' Association reduced, price* 10c. per
box and '. most dealers sold . at cost, being anx
ious to clean up. Receipts of bay Pea* were
very light, as picking was suspended _ by 'most
I of the . Portuguese j farmer* across the bay- on
I Good Friday, and _ prices . for L fresh stock were
( higher. Some : poor carrled-over lots were ot-
I fering below the quotation, but found few buy*
ers. -.-"Los Angeles , vegetables were steady un
der light, receipts. : Egg Plant and Green Pep
pers were offerlnc again. .:*. • "..-
POTATOES-^-Burbanks from' th« river. $1®
1 20 \ pet ctl; Oregon Burbanks. $1 SC®1 60
per , ctM River Red?. $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed. 90c@$l 10 per ctl;
Garnet Chiles, $1©1 25 per ctl: Early r Rose,
$1 3501 \50 per ctl; new Potatoes. 3@3%cp«r
ONIONS— Yellow, $2 (iO@2 00 per ctl for fM
cy Oregon and ?3 . r i0@3 75 for Australlaa;
Green Onions, 4tty5G<: per box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 9@10c per lb for
extra 7<S8c for No: 1 and 4(§Gc for No. 2; Rhui
j barb !!5c?$l 15 per, box; Green Peas. 3@0O
per lb: String Beans, 20c per lb; Tomatoes,
$1 $G@2 00 per box or crate for Los Angeles re
packed, and $1 75@2 for Mexican; Summer
Sauash. from Lea Angela $1@1 50 per box;
Cabbage, ?1 10 per ctl: Carrots. 50c per sack:
Hothouse Cucumbers, $1 7u®2 23 per dozen for
large and $1@1 50 for small; Garlic, 15c
per lb; Eg? Plant, 20c . per lb; Dried Pep
pers, * 5(3Sc per lb for Stockton and 10@12Hc
tor southern: Dried. Okra. 10<ij!12%c per lb;
Green Peppers (Mexican). 20@25c per lb; Green
Peppers (Los Angeles), 17H@2Oc per lb: Mush
rooms. 12%@25c per lb: Marrowfat Squash, 1©
114c per lb; Hubbard, %c per lb. ' \
Calf. ISc: Sheepskins, shearlings, 25#30c each;
short Wool. 40@65c each; medium, 7O@f>0e : Ions
Wool, $lfcl 60;- * Horss Hides, salt. $2 75 - for
large and $2&2 BO for medium. $1 2561' 76. for
small -and 5Cc for Colts. Hor»« Hides, dry,
$1 75 for large and $1 BO for medium. «1©1 23
for small and 50c for Colts. - Buck Skina — Dry
Mexican. .Tic: dry Salted : Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Sklns-^-Prlme An
goras, 75c; large and smooth,- 50c; medium.
35c; email, tOc.. ¦¦¦¦.¦ - .
'• TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4UfHttc v*r lb;
No. 2. SKQ*c: grease.
WOOL — Spring clip— Ban Joaquln and South
ern, 12 months'. 0Q>llc : do 7 months'. SJJIOo
per lb. •,¦"""'¦¦''»- --'¦—¦• ":•¦'.¦ ' ' :
HOPS— 24027c per lb for California. 1903.
and 1734820c for crop of 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; '.' SUNDAY,-: "APRIIi* 3, 1004.
Receipts "„• of \ Potatoes i were 1 iberal and In -
eluded neveral ' carloads ' from ; Oregon. ' but the
market continued firm ', for good ; stock *a nd '•¦ the
best : off crlnga of j Oregon ' Burbanks i broujrht an
advance.: Fancy: lots r of ¦ rivers were arm at
Potatoes, Onions and Vegcttjblcy.
, The.wet weather continues to; keep. the JWool
market at a standstill. ' Hides 'are steady, hut
quiet." Hops i are as .; before ¦ stated. .; According
to I the; Portland I Telegram.;: the Oregon market
is very dull, with no'buyers.ln' sight. V.. There
are " about S000 1 bales of ; Oregon I Hops '. In ¦ the
hands " of - dealers \ in ¦- the :. State.:- and ¦ some ' 000
bales In the hands of producer*. :¦ . - , .
v* HIDES 'ANDiSKINS^-CuIls and brands tell
abcut t %&lc ' under : quotations.'/- Heavy i Salted
Steers,' 9»sc:; medlum.SRHc;iHi!ht. ;T«ic;' Cow
Hides, ¦' 8c : for '. heavy . and ~\c ¦ for « Hccht: Stays,
dc: Salted . Kip. - We: - Salted 10c: Salted
Calf, tic: dry Hides. '15® 16c; dry. Kip, 13c; t dry
Hides, Tallow, Wool and; Hops.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
47
THE BEST BOOK OF THE
YEAR.
Historically, True.
THE QUEEX OP QUELPA11TE
By Archer^ Butler ilulbert.
i Everybody Is Reading It. *
* .Everybody Want* It.
Tells AH About Russia's Secret
, Intrigue in Konrj.
And Hmv the Koreans Buried
the Queen Without a Corpse.
XEXT SUNDAY CALL
AUCTION SALES
WILSON,
THE AUCTIONEER,
TURNS EVERTTHINQ INTO MONET.
$10,000 worth of household effects will . t»
turned into money at Wilson's, 818 Mission St..
near Fourth,
MONDAY. April 4. ISO*. 11 a. in.
Comprising 5C0 rd«. Wilton velvet and
body Brussels carpets, odd parlor pieces In oaJc
and mahogany, • davenports, divans, bookcases,
I desks, Iron and brass bedsteads, maple and
, oak bedroom sets, chiffoniers, odd bureaus,
sideboards, hair mattresses, etc.. etc.
Ten homes at one safe. All at your own price.
i -WILSON — That's all.
AUCTION SALE.
£*• fc*
On MONDAY. April 4. at 11 o'clock, at 813
Ellis at., by order of the Hon. E. B. Scnmitz.
Mayor, I will ssll a lot of condemned Mre De-
partment horses and about 40 head of good
wasron an<J driving horses and a handsome,
well-matched team of very fast pacers, 6 and
7 years old. No limit. No reserve. This
stock must be sold. . Phone East 743. S.
> W ATKINS. Auctioneer.
£^> j ¦-*>¦>¦ v fc*
TO BS AUCTXOZTBS OFT TUESDAY.
APBZXi 5.
At 11 a. ra.. 1140 FOLSOM ST.
48 GOOD WORK and DRIVING HORSES,
with harness, including: a fine span of black*,
large truck horses, fine buggy and work horsec.
camp wagons, buggies, surreys, carts and
vehicle* of every description. To be sold ty
order of Stockton Improvement Company.
WM. CLOUOH, Auctioneer.tion is composed of the following well
known grocers: Thomas H. Corcoran,
president; William Lenhoff, chairman;
Fred Knieger,; secretary; J.'.T." Hurley,
J. M.' Sullivan, J. Salomon, Hermann
Hohn and Carl H. Clark, business man
ager.
business meeting a programme of en
tertainment was enjoyed. Songs, In
strumental numbers, recitations and
dancing followed in quick succession,
after which there was a collation. As
soon as the roads are sufficiently dry
to render tramping agreeable the club
will I go on many walks, sixty having
been arranged for the season.
WASHHraTON. Ajrtl 2.— Th« Interior rte
partment baa ordered the ¦ temporary with
drawal ot twenty-one sections of public lands
In San Francisco land district from all forms
of disposal except under the mineral laws.
The withdrawal Is for forestry purposes.
GROCERS BY THOUSANDS
WmL THRONG TO CITr
Pure Food Exposition and National
Convention of Retailers Are At
tracting SInch Attention. •
The forthcoming inaugural exhibit of
local gro cers, to-be held in the Me
chanics' Pavilion from April 30 to May
15, promises to be one of the most in
structive and attractive runctions of
this class ever held west of the Rocky
Mountains. ,,:-.- \
Unlike many other expositions," and
kindred shows, this' one will not be
managed and promoted by outsiders
that make a business of promoting fea
tures ofj this nature,"; but is absolutely
under the promotion management : and
control : of the grocers.'.
The' local' association of retail gro
cers has a membership riow x bf jabout
500 of the leading retailers of this city.
They are taking active interest In mak
ing i a ' most thorough * * and complete
demonstration of .'the 'pure food sub
ject by, presenting object lessons to the
consumer . and general - public. /
The annual convention of the" Nation
al I Retail Grocers'. Association will be
held in - the art* gallery : of the - ; Mechan
ics'. Pavilion , during • the first week* of
the ¦ pure food • exposition. ;
Transcontinental railroads have al
ready, \ booked .4000 • to , 5000 \ Eastern .vis
itors. \ The" influx of coast ;delegates and
their friends will be large!:"
. Th« musical 7 orogrramme .will , be " in
charge of I George Bennett. > The execu
tive committee in charge of the exposi-
Sightseers'. Club.
, .The .Sightseers' Club • held/, its annual
meeting ¦ in \ the social ; hall ;'of ; tlie^ For
esters', buildine last \ eveninsr; After \. the
It Is rumored about town that a
strike of serious Import is threatened
for May 1 unless in, the meantime the
demands' of the - Electric Workers"
Union are accepted. The members in
clude all that are connected with the
shops, railroads and illuminating Inter
ests of the city, and number several
WATSON VILLE,'. April - 2.— Despondent over
the ' news of ; hit , father's > murder <*/ In China,
Chew.Tuin, a Chinese cook, hanged; himself f in
an outhouse at T the 8peegle - strawberry j ranch |
. WASHINGTON, ¦ . April :.: 2.— General '.; Wade,
commanding the division iot/. the, Philippines,
has ; informed " the " War i Department 1 that Pri
vate Thomas F. ; Haviland, v Company : I, l Pour- ¦
teentta » Infantry,* , was .""drowned -4 on ,-: March I 20
and that this body, has not, been recovered.
The agreement entered into between
the company and the union and In ef
fect until May 1, Is renewed with.
In the new demands the carmen
insist that the. company shall at all
times treat directly with the officers
of the union, both In the matter of
grievances arising through the opera
tion of the proposed contract and in
the case of complaints affecting any
member of the union. The proposed
agreement provides a method whereby
action on grievances or complaints
may be taken jointly by company and
union.
Tbe San Francisco public is well advised as
to the number, of concessions already made by
this company to secure industrial peace and
to avoid public inconvenience. The award of
the arbitrators, riving the laet Increase, is only
t. few months old to-day. I do not care to
discuss ' the matter further than- to aay the
same *'JJ1 receive prompt and careful consider
ation.
• The Carmen's Union yesterday de
livered to President Holland of the
United Railroads a copy of the con
tract under which the union would
like the company to run its business
for the year beginning Slay 1. Gen
eral Manager Chapman refused to
discuss the company's probable action
on the men's demands, but holds forth
little hope that the'union's new sched
ule will be adopted: He said:
;. ."Resolved; That we express our.keen
appreciation to - his • * honor, , : Mayor
Schmitz, for the noble, stand taken by
him in his veto of the rock quarry and
rock-crushing ordinance." ;
"Whereas, Such "a proposition, «." suc
cessful, would be; highly injurious to
the building business in general,'; the
scheme was wisely, checked > in time
by the Chief Executive of our -mu
nicipality. Be : it -therefore ;\\ ,
At the^last meeting of the Laborers'
Protective Union No.: 8944 the following
resolution was unanimously ? adopted,
favoring the rock-crushing establish
ment of * Gray Bros. ; at .Thirteenth and
Castro streets: v
"Whereas, An attempt has been
made to hamper and > partly destroy
the rock-crushing business in this city,
and ' .- ... '.'';;. I ¦¦ ¦• :'-'" ' ¦.>¦;.¦;
LOCAL UNION MEN THANK
SCHMITZ FOR HIS VETO
Captain A. W. Halsted, 2972 Twenty
first street, master of the scow For
tuna, lying at the foot of Third street,
reported . to the police last night that
he had: been held up and robbed by
three young men on Bryant street a
short time before. ¦" .
According to the. tale. of the mariner,
he went into a saloon at Beale* and
Bryant ; streets, : 'and, N seeing three
young men < in the place) Invited them
to drink; with him. While in the sa
loon, Halsted says,; he 'exhibited some
money.-'C He_- left 'after , taking -. . the
drink and :. started to ; walk up Bryant
street. :>, " '¦ .-¦: "'M '¦ "-. ¦¦'
He says he was confronted by three
men' before ; he ¦ had gone'- far. They
backed him "up against"; a .wall and
deftly, went : through • his' pockets, se
curing $30,~ all the : money ' he had. They
then ; disappeared in "the darkness.
.; Halsted 'i notified * the police, ; and De
tectives ; O'Dea ; and Mulcahy -.were : de
tailed -to i find the robbers. 'i LateV last
night ,~;the - detectives' . arrested three
: young men,, who gave ' their names "•. as
.T4 McGrath, r A. - Burton and T. ; Dun
leavy. * They will be, charged with rob-*
bery "to-day, v
Captain A. Halsted of Scow
Fortuna Tells Tale of Bofd
Crime on Water Front
General Manager Chapman
Holds Forth Little Hope
foi Adoption of Schedule
MARINER HELD
UP AND ROBBED
CARMEN MAKE
NEW DEMANDS
Men who were not granted an Increase In
wages under the award of Arbitrator Straus
shall receive ten per cent increase on the
wages now paid. Men who were awarded an
Increase of five per cent shall receive an in
crease of five per cent. Men who were Rranted
an increase of ten per cent shall not suffer &
reduction, and any- employe who is now re
ceiving a higher rate of wages than is pro
vided for in this agreement shall not suffer a
reduction in his wages because of or through
the operation of this agreement.
Other stipulations in the union's
new contract are as follows:
The men retjuired by the ru'.ea of th« com
pany to wear uniforms shall use only, uniforms
m&de according' to the standard and i-pecl
flcations adopted . by representatives of the
company and the onion in Joint conference. -* "
And it is also agreed that the ¦ arbitration
award of Oscar S. Straus, dated New York,
November 3. - 1003, with regard to and fixing
the rate of wages to be paid by the company
to . members of the union is also excepted
from and does not form part of this agreement.
Whenever the union can • demonstrate • that
It i is iracticable to arrange timetables which
shall .operate more satisfactorily to members of
the union than do those timetables then j in
operation, and euch arrangement can be made
without changing the running time of cars or
Increasing tie operating expenses of the com
pany, the rearrangement proposed by the union
ehall be adopted by the company.
ELECTRICIANS FEAR
• ., THAT MEN MAT STRIKE
however, a number of amendments.-
Free rides on the company's cars
Is one of the new conditions and an
other Is that employes suspended for
alleged violation of company rules
and afterward reinstated be paid
wages for the period of suspension.
Increase in pay is also provided for
in the new contract. For platform
men the rate demanded is 2754 cents
an hour and 40 cents an hour over
time. The increase for union mem
bers, other than platform men. Is
asked for on the following; basis:
B. Reighley Jr.; 'treasurer, W. M.
Parker; sergeant at arms, J. McDonald
and Frank Kelly; executive committee
— J. F. Garvey, H. Schulter and W. J.
Denahy; delegates to Labor Council—
W. F. Moore, J. F. Garvey, L. C.
Smith and J. G. Boy ne; delegates ' to
Allied Printing: Trades Council— J. B.
Reighley Jr., J. F. Hastings and George
Barry; delegates to proposed Central
Labor Body, J. G. Boyne.
thousand worker*.
The demands are for higher pay. and
less hours and union recognition, and
unless granted a walkout will be ; or
dered. Committees from employers and
the unions have been attempting a
compromise, but thus far without suc
cess. Prominent manufacturers declare
that the demands j of the electricians
are impossible to grant and are busy
with arrangements for meeting the
threatened crisis.
A new schedule of wages and rates
that has been adopted by the Hack
men's Union will be put in force on the
14th inst. The schedule calls for $2 50
a day of ten hours, the proprietors to
furnish whips and uniforms. For at
tending a funeral to Holy Cross Ceme
tery, ?2: for driving to electric cars in
the city, 51 50; for, theaters up to mid
night, $150. After that hour 25 cents
is added for every hour the driver is
out.
The boy rivet . heaters at the Union
Iron Works returned to work yesterday,
with the understanding that the man
agement look into. their grievance and
make concessions regarding a more lib
eral scale of wages.
•The* following donations have been
forwarded by the Labor Council to the
striking lumbermen in Stockton: Book
binders No. 31,55; Cracker Bakers No.
125, $5; Barbers No. 148, $10; 'Teamsters
No." 85, $50; Bakery Drivers No. 106," 55;
Bakers . No. 24, 510; Freight Handlers
No. 59,' 55; - State Employes No. ; 16, 59;
Hackmen No. 224, $20-4naking a total
of $119.*:;;
The second annual picnic of the bar
tenders* union . will take - place to-day
and to-night at Shell ¦ Mound Park. An
inviting- programme has been issued
by the > committee on arrangements.
Some valuable gate prizes will ; be
given 1 away. .
; The Newspaper . Mailers' Union i has
placed .1 in nomination ' the /following
members for ! officers *- for * the ; next six
months: President, ' E. L. Bangs; vice
president. A. P. O'Neill: \ secretary. J.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY,: APRIL 3, 1904.
48
58-in. Damask 40c Yd . Many Even Less Than Half. The Most Important Event of Its Kind in the History of youmi see Haie Hats
A beautiful unbleached table linen. . r~* r~* : • r*> a. — i« j , FTtrw^irr? To-Dav
it's a good heaw quality, pretty ' ban rrancisco Retaiin^ ,r ?^? X rSL*** ««
2,,. , - .- a v v-'t* i i i i ia. i i v^io v»/Vy .i \c Luiiii i^< . More of them than ever paraded on
hS? linin adUnug'S^are al- Tha t will impress still' more deeply the bigness and betterness of this Hale policy on those who know us, and bring the Hale store in close touch with scores K e L^ f t" < theTr 0 !w" 1 t°°ir C toSrtdiiS-
V^L«KS' t S of new homes. .. / ; . gSSC^HLvH^
ing of j-our needs this month. Test 25c cups and saucers at ioc. $2.25 tea sets at 95c. $1.00 cracker jars at 50c. Reason? Here it is in a few words: a credit to Haie's.
a ° W * ' $ x - 2 5 cakc platesat 4 5c. And bowls, sugars, creamers, syrup jugs and trinket \ We want to take you right into the values. A delayed shipment. The w£d?£d£!? iPIS SS
Bleached Damask aoc vd tra y s - The dis P la y runs the mut of chinaware. But the rareness of the happen- g? ds . were . l " ten dedjor Christmas delivery y they came too late, were refused. S{£ntSS. c SJ I £5f t S2Sl., l w. l^KS
nicacncavamasR aoc ya. 1,:™, nn th( .^ f art<s . The importers warehouses were crowded. The makers instructed him to get the charged for work, not for beauty. That's
62 In. wide; CO-ln. is 45c yard; 72-in. ing Hinges Oil tnese IaCtS . ntit nf tVio rrnnAc i( l. „,.! j tu „ 11 ,, rr 1 . . r • 1 . the. reason hats are nearly half less in
wide is SSc. . COSt OUt Ot the gOOdS if he COUld. They COUldn t afford tO pay return freight. every case than you would pay In most
22-inch Damask aSc. Iff. aU tJuit delicate, high quality imported zvare from Carlsbad, Bavaria Now the very best that he had is here for you, spread out in a big way on pl i n e spite of the hundreds of Easter
irs bitched, regular eoo quaHtr. and Germany ; beautifully decoraied and finished— dishes w cry woman the third floor. . £ % ; hats e 2rL? era "*
• he *JZ . . n , . „ , ' . - .,." T / „ I want you to feel the bigness of the thing," said our crockery man to the 2000 Trimmed Hats
Hemstitched Damask 75c yd. covets; usually _out of reach of so many, now within the reach of all. writer. "Do you know that a happening like this doesn't occur once in think °thl
the^rt a is so 3 n^M I n?u n u < s^L*This Every piece is half price, some even less than half ', mid not one imperfect or in- . five years? This is the first time I have seen such values on the coast." We feaTon O hadjusTwS to see how many
2^S <U AS^a^S < SSj t Ge SS fJrinrin*J~Lv share his enthusiasm now; We want you to share ours. So many things are of th wlikinW h h^sTn" y re^dy-ttwear. (soo
. fenor tn ""y Way - first importance- we hardly know where to start. \ Let's look at these • ' oyhem came m Saturday from New
fflSrS&e^SS^grwSk^f i <.^_ T - Q^ of O( -^ I r^nr PunQ QnH Qonrnrc of ¦ Wi-'^ • I — n UJ^8SJt b :?tffii?iS?J^SSft2
Napkins $1.20 d0Z. $2.25 1 ea bet at 95C S VJC V^Ll UO ClIlLl wJ<iLlCC:rS VlT C^Cl Cake Plfltf»«5 flt l^r day), from J3.50 up. Particularly at
P«r- -oxofl w M^^ rr,*^^** ~. , J r- -¦ WtUU UUUV/V.IJ CtC OUC WaKe riaieS ai Z3C $4.75— a splendid lot of turbans, tri-
Th^v Took Wv« 2?i %,«, w Three pieces, teapot, covered -d- rr v u*. r- ,. ' Thev're of fine china with oearl comes and picture hats. We are not let-
VSiif^^r^^T^"- and crfam e r. Ifs || Bjg ~^ =^J*» Jjg 1 V g^ d>i»«i hold them to the light and see how transparent las u r Vo r der, .wot". "prays o l £ZAir£L'S <£L%'S?&T£i
Kapkms $i.so. Biv»n»n .china, optn work edges, they are. tive different styles. Every one pretty, with a floral border, and gold lace decorations. „.„.:., t, n ™ _-m ,„„„.„, « the »eo»»n'» jet to come. Haie-s
TurkisiTTWels 10c ' P^^^^^^^^SMSSS^lSfelS! Hffiill A ' 23C ¦ 54x90 Sheets 34c
.a^^ef^offfie^^e^ jS^±S| StSI^P H 'I t n W^W^^ T^f.l^tlf ZtTZL-
clean and drv Think of thrm at rnr decorations, heavy gold coin The .identical pattern we sold so At one-^third^ the pr ice you usually Fancy gold border and full border of In Carlsbad China, tinted in blue. finish, strong. We want you to examine
™ ,« ? tV edees and deep. many of last 'Christmas at 50c, and EfZ;,*!* B . ou £?f b if' W^ are , alm ° st asters, natural colors. It's fine Ba- pink and green and floral -cen- these. They will stand close scrutiny.
19X38 at 1214c 19x40 at 15c 250 for 50c Sturar and Cream Sets— a t a low price then, 12 inches in dl- it- m «n «im2» ? >. value, but varian China. Hear what a clear, ; ters. Usually 25c. Now 13c. They have already stood it. for we exam-
23x46 at 2SC Fine Austrian China. In three * amrtir flnnHn™* flPMrTtinn ha« Its so evident when you come to the loud ring It has and see the light lo _ - o _ „-. o-—,. JaM _r nvpr .rt - lir in^d them closely when we heard the
BifdoJnirsintowrktnmnrrnw new shapes, decorated with dlf- ameter. floral spray decoration, han- Regular size, with royal blue shine through it. 60c value at 25c. 10 ° £?vi?« afi^^of^f^rS?^ flow^ P rIce - Then the maker told ua the rea-
1 ?Tf; ferent floral decorations, in full dies gold traced. 25c now. border, wild rose center, gold, lines. c _--„¦>, . n -/ * and^ eolrt linls Anv £1 \t iZf son - He is on his feet again now. These
r^^S^SaSh '^TSf' la *°— gold lines. Anyone of them 25c $1.25 CflOp Dishes at 45C. and gold lines. Any one at 10c. sheets are here for you at 34c to-morrow.
««t?k «? ' worth 60c. Any one of them 25c FoflCV PfatCS IOC Sfllnd Rnvrilt r er ¦ Lieht Carlsbad China with that Ins 15 ° for * a5 u C Cr ?S m *«cn.er«— Low 63x90 at 38c.
¦»j:a&a?t»t- «. ic-ssrv— »—^- - Z™1L?,*.^.^ M ,. Mu . or , il k b s»S"S^« : ¦p^s^anssrssK
1200 Hudc Towels , 4 c j-f« SBPigiSl.TS *°" * T Si MCaTpn,"*?" * " W »« Saucer at ioc. fttpXFSP&J? SSTSSl £X\l
Size 18x36. heavy close weave, hem- 65c for Sl.25 Tea S«t»— Teapot, cov- 5OC DrCSSCr 1 ray 2$C. $1.00 LORe rlates at 45c. " .... £,. rl _ hju » rMna -„„ tlnt ., - , f>> nis ji-^» „ M „ ¦ beds : some ot them stained a little. We
SSir! 1 * r " S ° D tbey "' J4C l °- I - *"*"" I SLS^a.E Jg SS-,^^" .^g^g I Pre.,, ly oeco?a.-ea. ,,., C et, a. |
70 Dozen Art Skins 1| Downpour of Values at Haie's— First April Single Arabian Curtains
at 4oc Shower White Dress Stuffs . I11III1IS
For Burning. Best We Ever Had. Full of suggestions for the new spring dress; full of opportunities to save. Half the window front in white clouds of If they wcrc in ful1 pairs many of them would cost
Thev're spring lambskins, finished iust like a white down the domestic aisle. ' . : • $5.00 a pair, swell patterns One firm's samples of
'. f . . u ... , .. . , Pretty new stuffs, mercerized oxfords, organdies, batistes. We haven't seen anything daintier or more suitable for sum- the new styles wc werc lucky enough to ' gct and you
piece of velvet, soft; will burn prettily; in red, mcr wear than this mull chiffon. One can't look It it without seeing, its possibilities ; how pretty £ !wHl mTe up with tucks, will be lucky to share. But don't wait too long to-
green, brown, tan, silver, apricot and yel- puffs, a ribbon here or there for evening wear. "" morrow.
low at J.OC each. t w C ? ainly ther ?J s , m ° rc to sec at this first showing in quantity, more beautiful stuffs, more splendid values than we have ever had be- TaOCStrV PortiereS $1-60 Pr
low, ai 40c eacn. f orc# Weve grown this last year. We haven't wasted an effort to better ourselves to bring you better advantages Trade events have heloed lojicauj ruuiuw u\s 1 »
The tanner says we can't have another chance to get "*• Sev i r o al w i r i " an sh ° 1 T ed apprcciation of our bi S buying for regular stock and sent us the'ir loom-ends, 2 tS 20 yards long. trmHS?l£S£ ft? Ke A^fflrlnffw^;
such good' skins for 12 months, and possibly never C3 ° we can scu ., i _ ! seen some of them in archways that looked much better
I 15c and 20c White Stuffs at 10c Yard ' SsSIHF^ ¦a.-ssi-,*-
Jol bu™ r in5uSS?if foffi&vSZ, bow U learn t0 ,., Pieces 2 to ?° yards lon £- i?oo of them in all. Dimities, lawns, nainsooks-just what women want for baby dresses and waists and Thousand -Window Shades 3 OC.
Here> a chance to get a burning outfit at Jl.50. Just a whlte aprons— some in open work stripes, some solid weavesjwith figured effects. To-morrow morning, first time, ioc yard. Opaque. S6 in. wide and? feet long, strong spring
w thT™ re h o a f ve h b?cn SfdW tS°e°i^"t^ we^. "Jffi Batistc ?^ 30c White Oxford at 20c Yd Oxford Waisting.^c yd. SSSrSS 1^" with brackets ""* rlnff pole - 80c
we haven't had a complaint. j ." Just 44 pieces, fine sheer fabric. 27 1670 yards of white mercerized oxfords in fancy strings R ni»n*fV «nir « ««>, " >-.
A better one at J2.45; has a larger bulb and a splendid in. wide, pretty for dresses and shirt nothing prettier for waists. It's better thkn you u^ally pay 30c for 20c vardl It's regularly 60a Just 15 pieces of 'Furniture' Covering AOC.
Sne n fo n r $£??* Eome of stores aro : selling the JjtaU. Pettier now than ever. 19c Beautiful Mllll Chiffon 3 Tr YH "' That behooves early coming. It's 48 In. wide, a new lot of tapestry. Just a 3 good for
ameiorjo.,5. >"•"- UCdUUl Ul JV1U1I V>lllirOn P^ C I U. all the manufacturer had left, so pay . curtains or door hangings; colors are the prettiest
Sg'fio'Sl "tSSrtti.S^utawilf'S WhiiC Organdie 25c yd. I»uSlLi!e^or W^S?5^Sf. 1 ?S l ? l .SSi. t ? ' COmblnatl ° n8 ! ° f *™™' "* ° T brOWn -
20c and 50c. 65 in. wide. Only 15 pieces of this. Other qualities up to 76c yard. ' , ' aoc yarcL .'•«' ..*-*' . ' Cf^OW 8'l-V vrf.
Take the Elevator to the Third Floor. ll^&ttSVi^J'' hav ' never $1.00 Linen Etaitline at 60c Yd. Damask Watstmg 39 c -yd r y om r tw. Le, .f it. « m. wide. b. s v, rt «t y ot ,»t-
t^sJ^Tj^W jKff ?h\n ere foVwomen r s S 'and he chridren ? s "**" K*ncSco at 60c yar<L ard ln ew York - IVa a tribute to Hale retailing in ' terns there. /ST/ST *J3ff
M M^^Z^^^^^^ DrCSS DtTck 12]/ 2 C yd. 200?^ o 1 ?^. s^i^oo^nf foTa^f aSy^ay'^hr^ulS^Io'SSy 11^; "lo^d « looks J ust llke a -^» tabla cloth jM/ffl j!^^^^^^^^^
m ¦. .i 1 __ ' ." ':¦-' • . ••; ' ' '¦.¦¦¦ "¦;¦, closely figured. 30c yard. '.-¦¦' ¦" ¦ ¦¦"
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Odd ; bits ¦ of furniture can ; bo
bought cheaply-— furnish flats
and houses, too. ;
Bargains dally » in : our f FUR-
NITURE FOR SALE * columns.
ILiliE'S.
HALE'S.
UALE'S.
IIALE'S.
HALE'S.
HALCS.
F \LE'S.
Our Price
>-' Kven ' the excert baggage smasher can' t
make • any impression on : one of . thes«
trunks. This trunk Is made for wear ami
'tear.' Buy one for the St. Louis Exposition
.if you're ffolnjr. Buy one anyway If you
want a rood trunk. .
, It is a regular $9 value. Has ' two extra
trays, .; all . heavy,' brass trlrnmlnss and
double straps. Our price JO. -
A; B. SMITH CO.
128-132 STSEET,
Above Powell.
SAN FRANCISCO.