The Sunday Call Magazinewbere, and In danger?. I could not have 4
•believed . those words from any other
lips than those which uttered them. I
would have left that dais for no, other
man on earth than Oranoff. The cur
tains came together. I knew he was a
¦ man ; of few words, and the retreating
footsteps were his. "If. you love her!"
I hurried after him.
I had not seen Dulcine'a father since
I marched before the King and virtu
ally. told a lie by failing to tell the
truth. I had heard, him speak to Dul
cine; across my bed when she told the
lie I acted, but I looked only at her. I
tried to believe he had sought her in the
British] Legation party, and. missing
her^had come tome. But his few
words iiriplied that he knew where she
was. : : His face showed he was crazed
with j grief.
— I attempted to overtake him, but I
qulckly.perceived he did not desire this,
for We '¦ regulated his paces with mine
and'remained in; the lead. We passed
around the mound. "Now I saw he also
took the precaution- not to be recog-' 1
rilzed by others' and carried himself pe
culiarly,: "one shoulder being carried
higher • than . another. I 'dumbly fol
lowed! his example, thinking of nothing
. save . the .'danger which had come to
Dulcine. -WKh this fear in my heart I
seemed bereft of every sense.
At length we reached, the soldiers,
and Oranoff chose one of the darker
avenues ; or spaces between the com
panies and passed swiftly through the
stacks of burnished rifles and- out into
the gloom beyond I could now see the
dim forms of several persons beyond
us. There were ponies with them.
Now. and not until now did I in the
least doubt that I was folo wing Colonel
Oranoff, .blinded as I was by my/awful
fears. I looked again upon those shoul
ders, and suddenly the scales fell from,
my eyes. : \ - „.
It was the man of the crippled shoul
ders..; Menln had caught me at last! * /.
I .But even as I turned and reached to
my side, a blow on the, head from some,
one who" was silently following felled^
me to the ground. ¦¦
• • •
The : sun was rising when again I
opened; my eyes. the. torture
of the cords which .bound me" to the
pony hastened the return of conscious
ness. .For -a >moment'I-gazed blankly
'into the valley from which we were
climbing,- just, as the sun '.was gilding
the /crest 1 bC the,, far-off, rocks. Below
was ": Keinriing. \ the valley .of, the Phan,
]the i plain* r wherein: stood '-"the*/ Queen's
mausoleum.;. t »' S x
/.-.Theh^ja/ strange y sound'; came . up
through' the fbg.Vlt' ran along the cliffs
like, a' roll.of ;tiny/ drums. At last the
beat; themselves. to 'death on the
'rocksTand/ dropped ' lifeless at their base.
The 'sound > was as' though a gigantic
hanirner,had struck a mountain. cliff. It
chilled, the blood '-'In/- my > veins, and
started^my ; staggering 1 brain/; from its
. drearaingitv- reason ; returned.
'/The; great* tablet" had "dropped forever
. upon the royal i- mausoleum, "burying
Dulcirie' Oranoff. "within It, alive!' '
"Cherum!" he exclaimed in the ver
nacular. "He worships in the mourn
ing chamber until the march to the
tomb, captain."
I moved impatiently. ; S-. .
/'Can you get my name to one of the
eusuchs of the mourning chamber?"
"I can do that" the man answered.
He took it and left Since the King had
deigned to recognise and counsel me in
the throne room, I did not believe he
would refuse me a hearing at this
time.
Nor was I wrong, for in a few mo
ments the man returned and beckoned'
me to follow.
I went on through a maze of smaller
rooms, being conducted by one official
after another, each more elaborately
dressed than the other, until a last door
was opened from within.
I entered, and there stood the King.
When he saw me he turned and waved
his hand behind him, and two female
inmates of hie household went giggling
into a further room. The place was
thick with cigarette smoke.
Z2ius Whang-Su worshiped in the
mourning chamber during the last
hours before the imperial funeral!
Yet the King's eyes grew serious as
he bade me enter, and I knew he had
not thought I asked audience for
nothing. I decided before I saw him to
come straight to the point There was
little time In which to make changes,
however great the dispatch.
"Sire, is the trail of earth to be laid
through the West Gate?"
believe so," he answered blandly.
"Through the Chinese quarter V
To this he nodded, while he drew at
his cigarette. "What!" he then cried
through a cloud of Emoke; "you
laughed at my fears in the throne room
and boasted of our strength." He saw
my point quickly, at least!
I did not tell him what I thought It
waj another kettle of fish now that I
knew who was in that golden sarcoph
agus.
"But strong as we are, sire, is it not
foolhardy to tempt Prince Tuen un
necessarily?"
Then I told the King of the situation
in the Chinese quarter and of DeJnefTs
plan. He seized upon that instantly.
"The ruse is good, and it is all we
can do; the old palace is on the road to
the Little Gate." he added; and I real
ized that he could not order the f uner-
Involuntarily I pushed through the
crowd* to the King's antechamber and
asked a passing eunuch for the King.
He pointed me to another eunuch who
understood English.
"He is in the mourning chamber," the
latter replied.
"I must see him," I said with a sig
nificant gesture. —
I knew something, now, of Tuen's
desperation — aye, more than any living
man. And Dulcine's life was at stake!
Then suddenly he answered as though
he had not spoken a word before:
"Now. Martyn, I don't like this more
than you; but it's too late to change
the orders. This circus is a mighty big
affair, and everything is located with
reference to the route selected. More,
the route has only been known for an
hour or twer. so they — er, well, no one
could have planned much of a— er — at
tack. Suppose we go down on our <iwn
responsibility arrd order the coolies
around from the Chinese quarters and
let them line the course to the Little
West Gate. It will seem as though the
line of march had been changed. At
the last moment they can hasten to
their former places."
I doubt if old Dejneff ever made so
long a Fpeech before, and I doubt If he
ever will make a longer one again. It
was plain he was greatly Influenced,
and equally plain, now, that his plan
was the best that could be -adopted at
this last moment. So I urged him to
give the order; he did so, and I started
to return. But as I went my old
doubts came back In floofltl^e. "With
the route now marked to tfie Little
Gate, why not try the King, after all?
"You mean to go out the Little West
Gate," he mused, nursing a knuckle In
his beard. "It would be roundabout
and a more difficult journey; there
would be some rough bridges to cross,
and the cart the coffin travels in might
come to grief.'" He was talking to him
self — only 'incidentally to me.
and then stood looking away
across the city toward that black spot
on the horizon.
I saw he was moved, so I did not
press him. At last he spoke, and softly,
for him.
WITH now and ttien a grunt of
a Russian oath the old war
rior listened to me to the end,
Copyright 190*. by Archer Butler Hul
bert.
All Rleht* Reserved.
This is the third in
stallment of "The Queen
of Quelparte," a novel of
the superstitions of the
Koreans and Russia's
secret intrigue in the
Far East-both of which
have led to the present
war with Japan. This
novel is historically
true. It is more fasci
nating than history be
cause of the thrilling
love story that runs
through it. You will
get it complete in
four installments. That
means a SI 50 book for
20 cents — an offer un
equalled anywhere.
Beyond, in the plaza of the bell, was
the vortex of the surging human bil
lows which were sweeping the city. In
that maelstrom, peddlers with trays,
supported by strings about their necks,
were reaping a rich reward, and thieves
a richer. The native soldiers guarding
the ¦ plaza nad broken ranks (their.offi
cers were In the neighboring drinklrig
houses) and were seated on the ground
nodding before their fires of sticks and
grass, their rifles stacked about them.
Gambling being legalized for the time,
many were playing games of chance.
Thus the hours dragged on.
The first sign of the approaching pa
geant was the arousing of the soldiers
to clear the . avenue. '; - It was soldier's
work, too. Piercing the streets in the
center, the multitude was crowded back
to the houses. • The forward lines were
pushed out by those behind, and the
soldiers pounded the , faces of , those in
the rear with the butts. of their guns."
Slowly a way ..was cleared. -In some
places It was twenty feet in width; here
narrowing, there widening. . Then,*/iri
the center of the opening, was, laid: a
thin line of earth, all the way from the
Russian Legation to. the Imperial | tomb
— for in Quelparte it is beneath the dig-^
nity of the King to walk upon the earth
that has been desecrated by other feet'
Thus wherever the . King goes - fresh
earth is strewn which/ no foot inay
touch until he has passed.
The sight of this faint trail had a ml
raculous effect upon those surging
thousands. They became quiet and ex
pectant each suggestion of the coming
pageant being greeted with delight
Heads of departments .began', flying
back and forth on official -duties; a
Quelpartien general and staff tittupped
along the route, inspecting, at a proper
distance, the line of fresh earth, to see
, My OTders were to flank the imperial
route from the legation to the center of
the city, where the great bell hung.
The crowds had already divined the.
route, and this avenue was the seething
center of the city. It was men's work
for my column to plow through to the
belj, but they went through like men.
My lines once established on either side
the avenue, the crowds were admitted,
temporarily, between them. Here and
there along the route elegant lanterns
were suspended from staves thrust into
the hard ground. The silken ' network
of each was four feet long with a cen
ter of red and a border of blue at the
bottom and top. Within each, thus
thoroughly protected from the wind, a
candle burned on a sharp iron finger.
It may have been 9 o'clock when my
lines were established from the legation
to the great bell. The funeral proces
sion was advertised to start at 9. I was
advised to expect it promptly three
hours later, at midnight
For three hours — though they were
anxious hours— I was an Interested
spectator of the Bcene before me.
Through my lines surged the countless
throng. Now it was brushed lightly
aside, as a company of Quelpartien in
fantry trotted down on the' double
quick, formidable in appearance and
sound. No sooner was it again in mo
tion, in aimless "pursuit of happiness."
than a shrill scream rent it asunder, as
a Quelpartien nobleman on a spotless
pony, preceded by busy henchmen,
paced to his place In the Imperial cor
tege. A sackcloth Quelpartien hat cov
ered his netted hair. A rope an inch in
diameter surounded his waist; another,
smaller in size, was caught about his
hat Such was the imperial mourner's
habit f"7iV£.i
al pageant to pass the spot where the
Queen was murdered. C
As I moved away the King looked at
me thoughtfully; then suddenly he
stepped forward. N 
"I. have ordered that your company
surround the -bier on its. Journey; be
watchful and do not spare the lead."
Then he added with something of his
old swagger, and a fresh cloud of ci
garette emoke to frame it in, "There
will be promotions for this • night's
work, Martyn."
I saluted and went back slowly to the
plaza. I had accomplished little or
nothing; yet Dejneff's ruse"«as a good
one and* must be trusted now. / -¦ v •
CHAPTER XIX. r '
THE IMPERIAL FUNERAL. .
The aspect of the heathen city -had "
been wonderful by day. The , g*e at
crowds, the flying pennons and'ban
ners, this nation on a holiday, was a
Bight never to be forgotten, unless one
had seen the night which followed— this"
nation on a holinightx. *
The crowd became more dense as the
sun went down. To the quarter. of a.,
million inhabitants was now added, a
visiting quarter of a million. Cities and
towns were deserted for a, space fifty,
miles around. The gates of the city had;
been crowded all day. the . grinning^
monkeys on their gables admitting' gcv-/
ernors and beggars, dukes and rrioiinte
banks, priests and criminals, indiscrim
inately, from seashore, mountain and
valley. : . V-X
The sight presented by this half-mil
lion people was indescribable. The ab
sence of lights made the appearance of
the city, doubly significant for there
were no . lights save the candle each
man carried in a little 'paper lantern,
for the moon shone only fitfully.
And so there was "light— a burning
glare, but low down as a man's knee.
From where I stood on the plazaof the
legation It seemed that the city was il
luminated by red-hot pavements, a
ruddy glare distinctly marking the di
rection of all the main avenues.
The sound of this moving host was
indescribable. The hard limestone
streets were covered -with tiny pebbles
which rolled and crunched under each
falling foot What was the tumult
arising from a million moving feet? It
was a sound unknown even to the sea.
It was not the continual grind of gi
gantic glaciers. It was like nothing
that ever met my ears. I stood en
tranced a space, looking on those streets
of flame, and listening to the murmur
of that million of sandaled feet
lessly through the^Chiriese quarter, of
the city there was no outbreak.'' Dark-",
ness, an absenceof holiday regalia,- and,
hundreds of sober faces . only -greeted
us there. ' I breathed more easily when
the city gate was reached.?
Just beyond, 'now in sight, r pse the
mausoleum and- the" city of a' night
about it. My heart leaped: at! the sight
of it, reflected. in the glare of the thou
sand lanterns.' Once safely there;? ray
forebodings arid anxieties!" were at?an
end:; Dulcine would: be' easily released/
and the drama in which we werVmore.
! prominent actors than-, was generally
supposed, -iorythan we -wished- Xo- be.v
would be : over. Already 1 1 j thought of
Japan— : arid .home. .. -••;¦•/.' * ;' . . $.
The inspiration of these blessed hopes
gave me strength ,tt> play . my. part to
the; end. -And I needed : strength, '. for
the strain j was telling on me. v Kim, ¦
even, 'spoke, of the pallor of my.coun-"
tenance, and I knew my: hands and
kntes trembled.
,. . .CHAPTER XX/
.THE SIGNAL OF vTKfE SCABBARD.
I j If ;the, city 'of ;Keirinirig, three thbu
1 sand years "old/ was rnarveldus in . ap
pearance, the City,: of a Night, at the .
foot of the impeHal . mausoleum,
;rio:less woriderful. 5^ . , -.;j ' ¦ .
Looking^ f rom Vthe ¦ eastern Wate, an
avenue of fire jedj through darkriess to ¦
a'n : yillurninated; moiintairiilthr^e; miles j
" distant ? Here and, there in ' the : gloom"
r bn\eltlier : . side, of ;^t little lights -.shone
like T will-6'-the-,wisps l;in / the ¦ : paddy-'.
•fields, "where lonely /travelers, ' : ; coming
f rom ' the " "north or; south' 1 and ;> skirting
the crowded ¦ city, Cmade* their -way ; by ;••.
. candle-light toward I the j great] "white
totnb.- ., The avenue of flame : was a moy-"
ing wall of i humanity— a J nation* going i
to the grave-site "chosen by the imperial,
soothsayers. " The - line { of red .lanterns
the -i trail "of -:freshV earth"; left I
main . avenue \ as ' it> rieared t 'the \\ goal,
'swinging' but arid • around to the] mound *
'arid Uhe' Hall; of \SpicesjwherV-the^ sar
cophagus "would rest*, before being ¦ en-;
tombed^-/^ : ; -// '/'¦'. '¦' : .'-/. - : r '¦''¦' i'-'f} i>
! ;The [sight .was ; of bewildering, beauty. ,
"n\. The \army) encamped 1 around ; the (out-^
skirta - of : this';
¦ arms making a glittering wall about it
Avenues -^wefe < lef tx open tbetweeri 4 % the >
carhplng :•, &wnpanles,*j ; where
r wanderedj/aiJd i; warmed i themselves > ! by
: the ; soldiers' fires.;/ ' }'.k '''¦¦I'^'.'P ':'' ¦• ''
• ' tNearerl thfi tomb ; and "around At, stood ¦
the temporaryybuildlrigs|erected jby t . the ;
1 King, at an expense of many, thousands :
¦ and; f oiy but' a' single* rilght^ intwhlch; to '{
house himself ¦ and the ' guests Invited to '
! his ' imperial '.wake?'*- BesldelthVinvouridj
and al^fs^wereijtiulldlrigs\f |br-hia 1 'cabl;j
• riet ' the legatlonirand r a' general '¦ giiest-^;
'house,'' :-'and Clnreachf;buildj[ng^a:dlnlnir^
• ro^ j provided >^wher eg elaborate*
'. dinners 'ywere ii iSeryedj lmmedlately/tuppn
[the 'arrival rofltte^palrealit^Every/p^r-;
¦ sonTwas '< fed^ $ to
. the^TOrestTcoolie'/iWh'crhad' ibeen , f reezrj
irig'^ beside .his* i red lantern. ¦ ;¦
¦ ;/At » thejyeirrcenterjof > the perfect cirf >]
;cle of^stacked irifieT^.arpse the jtriound^ofi
,eartK^hich":I;had)passed^ori^my;jour-/
: hey" withT Colonel Li itoVWuh, Chow. 'This ;
: - 1 !' have described as , an 0 yaljnound .fifty .
feet " high;^^ /within iwhich ¦iwas) bull t the;
' solid > granite > tomb, t; On » the summit 5 of
' the'corieTof fearthV could '^ be H seen "'<tlie':
' great tablet 'poised ;on end ;/ and 'on { the
; sldejof 5 : the rmourid;Ub ward the ; Hall -* of ;
Spice's, / an ¦; inclined /track : of V smooth
wood was laid; .up which the loads of
cake and spices and fruits were; to, be
drawn; after them the golden casket
itself." \\ .' •' , . - ... ¦•:-,.-- .- </ : ;
My company marched to the Hall of
Spices nnd surrounded it; the sarcopha
gus was borne within; where mountains
of "cake and spices, which were to-be
placed within the tomb for the soul, to
feast upon, arose on every side, flanked
by great piles'of fruits, Masses of
candy and spices were ranged behind
the cake and fruits. -I wondered where
all this was to be stored^ arid, while per
sonally stationing my. guards, I entered,
the staging which held the great poised
tablet and looked down. Eight feet f be-',
low I saw the mouth of the tomb. This
was a round room perhaps thirty.; feet
high and as wide. A low marble pedes'
tal % was erected 'in. .the center, upon
which the sarcophagus was to ..be
placed. Around about ran a wide mar
ble ledge upon which cakes and candies,
fruits and spices, were' already "being
arranged *by black-gowned servants: "
,- No one was permitted to descend into
the vault but these grtnvlobklng I men,
who, 'Klrii informed me, : , built the tomb.
They spoke not to eacjf other, but slg^
naled like dumb men. One yawned in
my face, and I understood.' -Their
tongues had been • cut out. ';', ¦ ': t \- :
No . one might enter that*. vault ' arid
tell "its secrets to another ! ''"¦.- ':} ' : : , -
"I hastened back to the Hall of Spices.
The " time was fast approaching "how.
when I could '• give ' the , signal rand re
lease Dulcine. ; ' However; , thejhousehold
ministers were still busy about' the sar
cophagus, and '¦ the final honors .to « the
dead were riot yet performed.v Thje-pal
ace .women came by, 1 , heavily** veiled arid
moaning. ¦• loudly. Af ter^the^n came the
Cabinet led by Prince'* Tlrig7V:Th"ea fol
lowed the-. embassadqrs\of * the foreign
nations, stepping for ward one by/ one.
arid bo wing, to the' -casket which lay be
hind parted yellow curtains. This over,
the curtains "cwere* dropped. v
- > It ;.wa"s ? still V an " ; hbar before, sunrise,
arid the tornblwas riot ;to rf? 81^ 118 lm r
"perial burden until that time.* More rites
to '. the dead be performed by
priests 1 : in'ariother "portion ctlthe buiid
irig, 5 arid' soon* the: dais" before . the sar
c'oph1agvis;wos quite7deserted. The re
leasing; of ¦; Diilcirie ; ; behind * tHe ; yellow
'curtains, wbuj/jbe'i but; thej work r of a
.TOornerit.-:*My-- tirrie^ had come.] ' I took
the: hilt ' of "rny/ sword in my hand and
mounted' the « steps. " ,
V- 'At f.that" moment a' .voice spoke my
name. " r -:.I{ started, .frightened,/ for I
thought I was alone. 'I looked in the di
fpctiori/ of . the ''sourid. 1 " On" the lbwest v of
the J three/steps which surrounded the
building^ and£ holding/; back the ;. long
silken 'curtain : by one hand., stood Colo
nel-Oran/off. : In th'e dim light I thought
l'rriust:be A mi^takenM^; closed^jriy .eyes
arid r then t o'penedj them,} shading .them
from .the ,llghtof Jthe' nearest sputtering
Vorch. f'And; yet^ there he'stqbd,; dressed
in*i;thergreat 'coat iandVsilk .hat/I "had
seen ; bf ten on ,¦ the? streets of Keinnlrig.
The face se'etned sofpale that "^rriyj throat
'chokedlwlth* f earj and ; my, heart stopped
beating?;; Did heiknb^qurrsecretT^Had
'others-* discovered 'it? ¦ ,That. r 'face *Vso
chariged and • altered7-oh, \what.could it
hrean?., ¦¦¦: \\ ';,*'¦? 'j -\: y; *' : ' i ->: "'..¦> '
ri I ,was lef t but \ a moment" in \ anguish.
. Thenl he* spoke tagairi. /The voice, was
equally? urireal:' V ¦¦¦"¦¦¦?. ; -.. -;.:. .^^.V- -
' "She is; riot there. : : If you love her,
followme." .!'•¦' / y -. : . . .'".""'.¦?•
• ; If \ I ' loved i her! : Then *Bhe was else-
this rested the covered cha^r used by
her to whom this raree-show was altrir
bute. I am sure I never. sa>v such' a
thing. on the streets of -Washington or
on , . the boulevard | . to ~.~ ; . Mount
Vernbri, but I repeat what the
; honest Kim affirmed, who stood
at my elbow explaining . to
me the signification of all the inBigniflr
cance of the passing pageant. The four
silken sides of the chair were covered
with bangles representing peacocks'
eyes, which in Quelparte. are always
used to denote the presence of the gen
tler sex. Behind the cha^lr came *a
crowd of coolies bearing, yellow ? silk
"parasols on elongated -handles. 'The
fringe's of these parasols were : of ;ra rest
lace, and the 'spectacle afforded by
• their bearers the most ridiculous con
ceivable. Vy '.-'¦ ;V /¦¦'
; If; Dulcine was enduring a. thing no
I mortal was ever doomed to experience
¦before, she was certainly /'missing a
, spectacle no mortal •' could; ever; forget,
y Interest now became 'intense as the
resounding; foot-beats -", on ;> the hard
avenue announced 'the coming, of -the
army., In the center of -which, the royal
bier would be borne. -^ Rank after rank
passed by and In gbodUorder, for in the
past, fortnight the j troops had * been
drilled hourly, for this review.. : It was
plain the result was satisfactory to the
crowd. If not to theofficers.; -, "¦'/•'¦
But .at last the -funeral 'car • was
caught sight of, and the soldiers; were
forgotten. No sooner, was this before
the door of the King's wing; than the
' sarcophagus ; was borne • * to ••¦ it ; on ',, the
shoulders of many servants. . About .it
myj company closed instantly,. and* we
were on our v way to the mausoleum j af
ter hardly a moment's delay. The rear
was ; brought : up ; by the cavalry regi
ments. J .". "¦ ¦ ' '; .. ./ .;
: iThe, funeral car In which the sarcoph
'agus placed would have /added re
nownMnany. procession; v It rolled on
two great golden wheels,.' being! drawn
by ropes each fifty feet long and c in the
hands of scores ! and fdores of coolies ; in
mourning dress. ;. I7p<?n only, those near
est-the car^dld the work^ fall^ fdrTa" few
of those in front oh either side drew the
vehicle, and those ...behind :. nearest
steadied ' it on an" incline.V'AIl ; the: rest
marched. proudly; hbldlng^he'slack rope
In their ' hands arid 'gazing, to , therright
and to the left 1 The car was ; p^rhaps^
seven feet In \ height^, Above j It 1 In! the
center was a great golden ball, an
posing j crown pie'ce.i; J Its ?, length f, may
have J been ten feetlVits^wldthjfourr'^At
the corners of ¦ the? fluted frooflng;; large
; golden lotus lea vesCurled upward froni
; beneath, and "upbn^thenv golden r <Jragbh;
he^ds;were 1 fastened^ From\tlie ;6pen
. mouths' great silken cords J hurig 4 down7
aridiheavy .1' tassela ' at f their ; swept
the: ground -twelve feet; below: f But ; all
this beauty]was i not * fbiC the" vulgar, eye,
I for ibesideUhe >; qarj|(wheni; thejr^ could
keepjupj with it) ; marched men 'cars,
rylng? poles,': to -which « r were V! fastened
long) silken rscr^nB^to^shield^ the :,bier
¦ f romlyiew^ Before,* beside arid ibetiind
rcarneVcoblies xarrylngr jpoljw \ iflV&l flylri'g
; bannerijon * which^werei, inscribed .J> the^
graces farid ) yirtuesTbf I herXwlthin othe"
car? .:'¦ Some '• of : th"ese;KlmXtransiate<ljH6
I rrie.^They^ were 'all -new*, to|^me,\though
she • had~ grae'esTrand fyiiftuea funnum;
bered,"I:knc;w. v " " ; . . ;. , ¦ . • , > '
, : The' pageant 'was a * splendid -" success.
Before we passed outbf ,the gate it was
'evident: that .the 'nation* sawj arid "J was
pleased; V; Even fas \we marched - breath-
' All kept .wide., of the little trail of
earth in the center of 'the* road... Even
the' horses seemed to know it meant
death to step there. .
Then came a host of yellow lanterns-^-;
imperial yellow— borne by coolies, for
whom it was the event of a lifetime, a
memory "_ to be handed- down to chil
dren's children. . Behind the. lantern
came prominent Quelpartien' generals.
Immense red/ plumes fell-, back from
their glittering helmets. They wore no
sackcloth." Behind them rode a squad
of cavalry, officers in their. flowing scar 7
let sleeves; "The sleeves ; of : their-uni
forms are of color,' so that; when
charging, sword in hand, the" spurting
blood of I the " enemy -will \ hot j disfigure
their apparel to sicken, the brain. Then
came the j"oyal eunuchs of .the palace--
ln heaviest .sackcloth.. The ¦splendid
horses of the' cavalry officers were not
better than those ridden by tnese impe
rial household "officials. ./.. # ' . ..' A ;.
All these went wide ', of the .earthen
trail... v^>\ -; : - ¦ _.//¦;;¦ /, ;/,-/;¦;¦ ¦/.-/¦_.. : r>
The great guilds of thje land were rep
resented ] In • the , pageant ¦ of monstrous
banners thirty 'andforty. feet in length,
borne bn T veritable; masts^under : which
the most powerful men staggered pain
fully but" proudly^TheJ banners /con
tained ' : tributes ; to her 7^ Majesty;
Streamers fastened to the /top/" tended
to steady and ease the labors of
the ¦ bearers.'. ' 1. .*.. V* : .'¦• t'\ \'-.r ; "
The coming of the. King was heralded
by " a; swarm ( of -yellow/ banners ' carried
by,r footmen. V;Behind r them ; a^ body £of
Cossacks surrounded -his* Majesty, who
: was ;ridlnj r a. white horse],with^charac-'
teristlcT': graced "and^ Jauntiness; . The
white stallion' walked' fairly 1 in the e'en-'
ter of the *Jnar¥ow x Uraliy .of • hallowed
earth, and proudly^\as;th^gh'cohscibus
that [ before '• his Vown ; dainty"* f ootVnbne
other* had t6iiched;.7it.'"i'v7hang-Su
seemed ,', as unconscious -of,, danger -as
hls-horse. Now; and'theri/ he talked
with Dejneff, who rode^watchfullyV be
hind >.nim; a hand ever/at his : belt ' ':
Behind the King, at a proper.'distance,"
swarmed a host of coolies* wearing, yel
low;, coats. On ; theiry backs :, rested -a 1
platform' made "of .bamboo poles: * Upon
Two Quelpartien dukes on great white
horses led it. ; ' Twisted, ropes sur
rounded their waists and hats. Men at
their sides bore silken banners, some in
plain and some in mixed colors, flying
on long poles raised high up in air. ¦'.
At the first boom of the great belli
went out into the plaza and mounted
my horse. One company in my com
mand which flanked the four sides of
the. plaza was to surround the bier and
guard it At the head of this com
pany I took my place, as the glittering
line of the imperial cortege rounded the
farther wing of the legation and came
slowly by, ..,...'-.
As the night wore on, I became calm
and resolute. The' trying scene in this
room, following immediately .upon the
receipt of Dulcine's Inote, had played
havoc with my weakened nerves. The
cold air and the exercise had strength
ened them. . , " . .
From this pandemonium of heathen
dom, I passed by the guards at the dodr y
and entered .the throne .room." ,•" All was
quiet here^ ' In the' dim i "light I saw- the
imperial watch, standing motionless' by
the catafalque! Though I knew they
were Cossacks, I went no nearer, for
there was nothing I could do, however
much 1 longed~to make my presence
known. And so I, too, stood watch
over her!
Before the great bell struck the hour
of midnight 1 1 had taken my station at
the -door of the King's wing. Within
the* King's apartment confusion had
reigned during the last hour before the
pageant started. But without, behind
the« legation, where the pageant was
forming, confusion was worse confused.
The rendezvous of any circus parade 'is
a trivial affair compared with what was
enacted there. For blocks in each di
rection spread the outlandish parapher
nalia — banners, carriages, carts, en
signs^ flags, shields, 1 lanterns, horses,
troops— the most illustrious collection of
horribles human eye ever viewed; atten
dants.fightjrig for precedence; coolies
struggling to maintain position against
newcomers; men with bahnerless poles
and men twith poleless- banners, fight
ing for that which each lacked; horses
frenzied with , fear;' mules "richly . capar
isoned, braying for wateri and super
visors of the pageariy at, their wits' end,
charging,, about feckless °' ; life >' and
limb. --: ;;'^"^':' ! -"K:>*"
Believe me, : I saw all that I have de
"scribed. Believe : me, also, there was
not a moment' in which I was not
thinking of Dulcine.? It is also quite "as
true that in this crisis my, mind:wan
dered back over the past week'knd fe
called Its strange experiences'; to prove"
to myself I was awake and not'4ream
lng. Again I saw Wuri_Chow and heard
¦*lhe cha'ntlnsr in the temple of Ching^
.lirig, and again the tragedy, of the sub
terranean vault.- was enacted! .* Now": I
was^running', madly down Lyrfx -Island
rin' the dark; now shouting, to a tele
grapji instrument in; delirium ; now I
was on from, a fallen horse
through, a valley from which . the : tide
had. .Just gone,, and bargaining for a
loaf of bread from an unknown friend.
Once more. I tried to tell the King on his
tlirone that Li and Ling were lost, and
.that tbe v Queen's body was still on Lynx
Island. "I talked with Dulcine before
(the fire; Kim laid the body in the sar
cophagus; I- watched the King draw on
the great golden cover. If I needed
more proof, my, 'anxious heart could
have given testimony, for I had been
subjected, to surprises — and no sleeper
is surprised in his dreaming. .
Xo,. this was "net a dream.
that it was laid properly to\the,desti
nation. And when at last, 'the .old
ringer entered the bell house and/ the
beam was swung twelve times upon 1 the
great bell, a hush fell <>ver th'e cltyj and
every heart knew the .'appointed hour
was at hand. Instantly a Cossack trum
peter on the balcony of. the Russian Le
gation blew his clear signal, and when
the echoes of the bugle had ; died away
in: the ravines of .the mountains the fu
neral cortege was In motion.' • v-;>
THE SAN FRANCI SCO SUNDAY :: CALL*
THE QUEEN OF
QUELPARTE
2could not have been guessed, though I
felt he was no stranger to Calcutta.
His short, crisp hair was that of an In
dian, and he often stroked it quickly
with .his hand as if to brush down its
kinky ends. But to know he was
Tuen's agent was to know a very great
deal, for I had served the ambitious
Tuen a hard turn in carrying through
the imperial funeral.
Menin sat drumming the wooden ta
ble and looking at me searchingly now
»aad then with his small black eyes, and
• shook her
-head and
pointed down
the mountain.
> "Not come chop
• chop (quick quick) ?""
she said in a soft, low
.r- voice."
' "Chenois go chop-chop
J whole top side?"" I asked!
The girl nodded again
- : and laughed in her sleeve
as ; if : enjoying the despair of
— my guards:'
"By and by, bottom side ' chop
chop," said I,' and I looked around
me anxiously^ The girl caw what I
meant and sobered thoughtfully, as
she motioned me 'to let her continue
bathing my face. Gladly I sank'down
again on ; the ; cool , earth,*; It ¦ seemed sp
good to lie still. And despite my, fears
and growing anxieties I went immedi
ately to sleep -again. .
I "awoke, to loud talking, and in the
dim Hsht I saw a. stalwart old Quel
partlenne,. her arms t akimbo, arguing
with the'girl who had befriended, me.
It .was- going poorly with my little
champion, for, ct the moment I opened"
my eyes,, the 'creat. woman' In baggy
white trous.]ers swept the mountain
crest with, her extended arm and com
pleted her invective with a disturbed,
querulous f. growl.' ; It .was plain they
feared ' the return "of my guards^ : ' ; So
did J! V, ' ;. ,. / ; : • ; ¦ ; ".-¦,.;--:;.
I lay still,. knowing another language
would only confound .their "confusion,
neither, tone understanding half the
other said as it was. t .- ,. /'-.
I For a moment the^girl— whose name,
as the* old woman, spoke it,' is perhaps
best described by the five letters Nsase!
—remained, silent. ', Then suddenly she
drew 'her two forefingers around, her
temples arid asked a question.'.; ,
. After a* long pauseT'-the^ old woman'
gave a reluctant 'grunt'as t her answer,,
and irTa' moment Nsase .was at "my, side,
binding wet cloth, .which she had
bathed me,' over. my eyes". I wa3 to .be
taken blindfolded ' to "a hiding-place" of
her choosing! * ' . . ... "S -
At times it'seems. strange to ine now
that ; I ¦ trusted ? ; this girl so ; impUcitJy.
but lt.dld not seem extraordinary. to do^
so theri/at'such a^cruciar time. {There
was nothing- 1 could da, that flight aavej
rest ; ahd^ fit: myself \for\wbrk, for. the
-work ¦ I had before me .was ; to ; require' a
steadier brain"! and . nerve . than ; I ; shoiiid
otherwise \ have. I'- '¦ The '"only ¦ questuiri
with me i at the'tljrie was one of'expe
; dience. ; At; last .1 ; went t like r a lainb. ;
blindfoidedh where thla i strange girl led
me.^Tlf I : thought" to question her fldel
ltyiIt : wasVonly ; as the failing swimmer
: questions ' the i .strength i^of the .t^ rope
thrown ; to him : i; in " my^ conditloh ,~ I
would have died on'the'mountainln.thej
open air: ;v '; -^ .¦ ," ¦-''¦'.'.
;^}I%,wasstakeh -uphill v for^a .distance,
H carefully ? over \ a ileyel '¦ spot Yuntil
Nsase (and , signified ? f or ' me itoj
lie *dowh: '% the ' s'niell :*of I earth* Jahd ithe'
distant drip fof /water made me belleys
than that/ too late, In fact, t to *ee\ the
King that night. ' At ¦ the : hut -/one ' man '
guarded me while ; the - other j prepared
some rice for our, breakfast," andj^lt must
have been an hour-after; sunrise' before
we were on the road again. I was now
, my fingers.
I ran on.
bending lower,
and soon I was
out of sight. Re
sounding hoof
beats along 'the!
crest announced that*
my guards were hur
.>' rylng around to head
me off. • • ¦ ' '¦' • . ;
Then I ' turned about
arid went leisurely back up
the cliffs '; to ; the spot' where
my horse had fallen. I crossed
the road and wentTdown on the
., opposite side of ,the ridge.
I usethe word "leisurely' 1 with- !
out ' flippancy." I could not have gone
otherwise, and I found I could not' go
far. even leisurely^" I had done this much
oil the strength: of desperation, and I. 1
other strength; I had not. Yet-I Btum
bled ¦ on, looking/ only'. for', a place to
hide. I My^legs* were benumbed 'by the;
thongs ¦which had . bound them;- the "
blood ran easily from my hand. ;, I did
not care where . I -went— and I knew , I
wasrcarinsr less; each step' I. took.'.; It,
was~easier going down hill, and I. went,
on somehow tb'the bottom, to' the brook
, where* Kep'neff's .. servant : and " I ;. had ' '
drunk. ! I' saw; an ; overhanglngr< bank,
crept Sunder , It,'; and thrust t my '. hand, -
wrlst-de"ep,,into^the cold mud.:./ ;
'. I was ; awakened t by . monotonous :
thwack ¦ thwack -rf " a Quelpar'tlenne's ,
paddle, for . these^ people; wash^ their ]
clothes on,. the BtonesVof the. brooks, :
beating them'w^ 0 boards.'*- 1 was^ faint
; for "¦ want ? of i food : '; it >, was \ coming • oh";
night,' "'and • I .was .worse -than* lost. *' ; I
arose' and followed -the bed of the 'brook
toward - the", resounding Tpaddler ¦ con- '
ecIous that I 'should 'be' very much' safer
in r a:Quelpartieri:hutnhat night^than!
lying about the r mountain; side:
\ -, .When^'the'^^woman "saw^ me, she
dropped her. paddle and frafil screaming
up'the bank out; of rslghfM; fancy I
Instantly, an by magic, the heavy
mnt curtains rhoved aside on the wife
from "which they hung. The girls,
hardly visible t<v those without, were
mor» plainly revealed to me. Their
Mack, ?equin*-studded hair fell -loosely
clown. A younpr timer's skin enveloped
each of them, thrown over one shoulder,
criutrht together on the opposite loin,
and hanging down on one side a hand's
breadth below the knees. Their, black
hair was Ion? and" was wrought Into
tiny snake-like braids which writhed
about as th<* arms were put in iriotlon.
or darted off swiftly with the flames of
the glistening swords which in an In
stnnt wer#» whirling in their orbits. .
Such a dance! My regiment could not
have ¦ protected , me mere securely, f A.
man's life '.was not worth even the dim
mest ray that came from the swords*.
No battlefield ever was'so deadly as the
blazing zone ' through . which • those
swords writhed and hissed. Though. I
had seen the secret of the illumination
employed, nevertheless I utterly forgot
my danger as the. wild dance went on.
It would have made any.man forget
anything.
: . Each broadsword wag a flame '.* of
light; two thrown together with a prac
ticed., hand wrought a sheet of , flame:
the four, when they cut;the semicircle
together," sent blinding blasts . of flre
straight forward/ and. straight back.
: Now a' bolt of chain lightning fell from
the' right or left; seeming to cleave the
ground." / Now - a; flame poised over
head a second,^, then descended as the
glittering, bladeo came down. ] The fine
black braids" of hair' curled lovingly
about the white arms, I or,- flying In the
'wake of the' sweeping swords^ stood ex
tended/ , Often a descending blade sev
ered' them,; "and '.numberless braided
ends ' lay on : the /ground .' beneath .. the
softly stepping sandals. Now a. ball of
fire'rolled spluttering around each form"
as the swords were whirled on a finger:
then each . white f ace • was surrounded
by, a" flame * of , light, the dusky" '. eyes
flashing.- beneath' a . thousand wayward
wisps of. hair. * .
*' I L~could not 'see Into, the' room beyond."
; But all ' had become deathly still.. The
intruders now, knew^ the; nature. of thi3
hidden \ hut^ in the . mountains— knew
s they -need not look so . much; as 'to ap
proach' It. ' \* . \
All this I read ln'the' demeanor of the
dancing/. girls. "And" as '~"iny baffled
guards r. turned themselves into slght-
. My question was answered, for Nsase
came to me In the darkness. Finding
me by the swords, she led me back to
my mat. where I lay down again at a
whispered word of command in an un
known ' tongue. Fast quarreling in
tlje outer room had been succeeded
by" violent rummaging about. The
noise came nearer and nearer.
By this time another girl hurt en
tered . the cave. She brought some
Flowing substance like nhosphorus
which the two divided between
them; • then side by side, they took
their station Just within the mat
tin?', a jrlitterina: sword in each hand.
Then I knew I was hidden in a Quel
p.irtien sword-dancer's cave. I was
whor? r.n man had ever been before or
would ever come again. The girls
waited patiently, supremely confident
In their macie power. They expected
irtruders. and intruders came.
I knew that voice. I knew what the
screams meant. I backed mechanically
against the. wall. of tho darkened room,
and "cursed the scoundrels ] for having
taken my sword. For I was ready to
fight— yes. with the dark cave behind
me I fairly ached to fight them. I
groped along: the wall. It wag. covered
with matting. Then I cut myself on a
sharp'edffe. I felt, arid it was a sword
blade. As I tried to take. It down, ap
other beside it cut me again. And be
yond this were more— each sharper
than an adder's fang. What did this
mean?
Then a rough, harsh voice brought
me quickly to my feet, my hand to my
beltless waist. The women screamed.
The soft mat under me, the strange
feeling of safety, the nourishing rice,
made me content for the moment to
stop thinking nnd to try to recover my
strength for the Journey to Keinning—
for I was confident that I was in the
hands of friends who would see me
through. .
.•oom, and an unsavory supper was
aten from wooden bowls.
I . was just going to sleep again.
— «u» It turned
out — that -I
was In a cave.
My eyes soon be
came accustomed
to the darkness
(the bandage having
oeen removed) and I
saw a bowl of rice beside
me. From the moment I
saw Nsase I believed that
It '.was 'she who befriended
my servant and me as we
passed this way before, and
*at now she had brought me to
her hidden home to save me from
:ny captors.
Some one lit a candle in the outer
I was greatly .moved »by , the gift, re
memWlne that 8 he took V sword away
from me; as w« left the cave.*
After : a while Nsase reached under
her long robe (she had taken mine off)
and drew out a long, beautiful scab
bard containing - a % finer sword than
many more ' exalted officers \ than I
carry.- With an atteriipt at laughing
the 'girl' surrendered it to me, and then
girt 1 the belt around my waist. ¦ For a
second she held the scabard. She . was
very close to me, and looked away at
the distant city. , Then she dropped It
arid went to her horse.
Before we went out and mounted
their horses, Nsase wrapped me in a
long white robe, such as that she wore.
She took the lead, and we pushed the
horses on silently from ten o'clock until
dawn. As it began to grow light we
were getting down deep into the mists
of the Phan Valley, and I knew that
when they lifted Keinning would be in
sight. , When it became light enough
for us. to see each other, Nsase dropped
back, and we rode side by side. Now
and again I knew the girl was looking
at me from between the folds of her
white head dress. We had not spoken
—for good reasons. And yet amid all
else I'was thinking, I had not forgotten
her; she was not a girl easily forgotten.
In a hundred ways she had shown that
she had seen the world and knew it.
Where had she come from, that' she
should now be found in the mountains
of Quelparte, a past-master in the'out
la wed profession . of sword-dancing?
And now, her, wild lessons learned from
the old woman with whom she lived
(for Quelpartlens are known as unri
valed in this soldier's art), what
strange land would claim her, what
cities praise " her— Singapore or : Ran
goon, Lasisa or Port Said? Strong,
handsome— oh, well; something: set me
to humming "Mandalay." /
At last the mist did lift. And there
was Keinning Just at our feet. Nsase
had come -farther with me than neces
sary, but I think she would have gone
farther, much farther.*
'She drew uoher tired horse on the
last range of foothills, and dismounted.
She pointed' to the distant city, then,
with a sad smile on her face.*. up the
road which she must return. I ' dis
mounted, too, to rest a* moment." It
seemed good to feel safe again. We
stood still awhile by our horses. I was
more grateful to her than I could ever
tell, could we have spoken .the same
language. It was a relief not to be able
to. try. '
I had grown despondent. I did not
know what the strange carousal of the
dancing girls meant, and I feared what
might. happen when all became drunk.
I took down a forbidden sword and lajr,
quiet on my bed.
I must have dropped asleep, and I
knew not when the scene changed in
the other room, nor Just when Nsase
and her sister ceased playing the trag
edy they acted so well. I awoke when
Nsase aroused me by unclasping my
fingers from the sword. She was
dressed decently and heavily, as "for
traveling. She smiled as I sat up, and
instantly helped me to my feet. I saw
she intended to start me on my way.
In an instant I was ready, but I
paused and pointed to' the sword. I
wanted that. But Nsase took my out
stretched hand and led me into the
other room.
Her sister and the old woman were
gone. By the light of a paper lantern
we picked our way along by the over
turned pots and Jugs. Nsase paused
as- we neared the door, looked at me,
nnd then glanced behind her. She still
held my hand and now she pressed it.
I looked over her shoulder.
The two Chinamen lay stretched on
the floor. The color of the liquor was
on their bloated faces— and another
color too! In searching for me they had
found the sword-dancers' hut, which no
man may know, much less enter. And
yet into it they had broken, rough and
furious.- They would trouble them and
me no more!
Food was prepared for the visitors,
and the Jars of sul, or native beer,
clinked as they were raised and low
ered. There was more laughter than
talk, and more* sul than rice. The girls,
still fantastically dressed In the scant
raiment in which they had danced.' led
in the laughter and did most of the
talking; and Nsase outtalked and out
laughed her sister. The soldiers an
swered with many a coarse guffaw,
which grew louder for a while — and
then quite ceased.
seers rather than spies. ; the quick
witted dancers turned their cunning in
to an exhibition rather than a continua
tion of it as a menacing defense. They
came back, sweeping the cave with
light; they came forward in perfect uni
son and swiftly, throwing the great
¦words about' them to a weird song
•which now became a feature of the
performance. The new development of
the fiery drama— the melody of the
monotone and the more elaborate
scenic display, the circles and squares
of flame, and other nameless convolu
tions—rendered the close of the exhibi
tion as marvelous as the beginning.
Next to the last service at the Tempi*
of Ching-IIngi I shall ever remember
the dance of Nsase. the sword-dancer,
which saved my life on the mountain*
of Quelparte that night.
At the end came a tumult- of ap
plause' from the delighted spectators,
now utterly at the mercy of my friends.
I eaw at once they meant to stay all
night; and I also saw, with disquietude,
that they v were being received with hos
pitality, to say the least. Perhaps any
thing else would have aroused suspi
cion.
I was awakened by some one softly
bathing my face with a. cloth.-,. For. a
moment I lay still, half fearing: to open
my eyes. When I did so, I looked Into
the face of a young . girl who was wip
ing the blood ' from my L cheeks; she
held .out the, crimson cloth before . my
face to explain- her .action, and smiled
as she did so. I saw she was no Quel
partienne; short skirt of ' red," and
cap of green, and an open, thin, nut
. brown, face made this pla In. And I
felt Instantly that she kner^ I, toot*
was;.a foreigner. When I raised my
hand I found it was neatly ban
daged, though I still lay in the
path where I had fallen. ""
I sat up 'quickly and point
ed to the summit of the
mountain.
"C hiname n," • I
stammered,', trying to
express my fears by.
voice and expres-/
sion; then, I re
peated It in
French.
"Chenois?"
, -;Chenois?".'
The girl un
derstood. She
smiled and
NSASE THE SWORD-DANCER.
CHAPTER XXIII.
CHAPTER XXL
THE MASQUERADERS.
When I regained consciousness, the
cun was in the zenith. The horse to
which I was tied was climbing upward
slowly, and behind me rode two men.-
We were still ascending rocky ridges
toward the mountain crest, which I
-nov.- saw was not far distant. The men
behind me talked excitedly; now and
then they laughed. \ My capture evi
dently meant much to them, yet they
mcy not have been thinking of me at
alL # At any rate, all I knew was that
they* talked Chinese — and perhaps I
could not have known anything worse.
Of course I knew nothing of their des
tination, though I recognized at once
the stony byroad on which I had come
up from Han Chow to Keinning.
I think no one ever cared less about
the future than I did then. I remember
I wished to "go to my Gawd like a sol
dier," as the English soldiers sing— not
to be tcrtured to satiate the hate of a
Chinese mandarin.
I wns bound with ropes made of
twisted straw; now and then by raising
myself on my hands, or by straighten
ing the muscles of my limbs, I was able
to lessen the pain, but when eased thus
I thought of Dulcine smothering in that
marble tomb. Then I relaxed my mus
cles and let my bonds cut and tear me.
Yet, as time passed the same thoughts
came in spite of the pain. I remem
bered the distracted Oranoff, and
prayed God he would believe we had
run away together; and I swore, to far
as 1 was' concerned, that he should
never know otherwise.
But what of Dulcine? Could she live?
Had the concussion of the falling of
that" tremendous tablet killed her? If
not, was she not alive? I remembered
the great e1z« of the tomb and knew
ebe could not exhaust the air-In it In
an hour or a day — no, not in a week. As
for food, she was buried in it— food to
last a soul's lifetime; yet the fragrance
of that cake and spice, would not that
suffocate her? And I really wondered
If it would not be a blessing to her to
hope that It would, and speedily!
With these thoughts imc hope — a
hope quite as agonizing e.s the despair
in which it was conceived. There "was
chance enough of the girl's living, I be
lieved, to warrant any attempt to es
cape even though I had to thread the
•finest needle in the world to do It; if
alive, Dulcine could not live very long,
and if I would bring assistance I must
work quickly. The measure of my life
measured hers, and the least I could do
now was to risk my life generously in
the attempt to save hers.
We hid that day In a deep valley,
v.here my guides treated me with bet
ter favor than I had hoped, and at dark
we started on again. It was midnight
before we came up to a hut on the
mountain near to the rocky road, where
rr.y legs were unbound, and, supported,
as I had need to be, by a servant, I
was taken into a lighted room and
dropped upon a stool at the end of a
long table.
The light blinded me. but I knew a
man sat opposite. Slowly nis features
became distinct. I started, for I
thought at first it was Oranoff. Then It
was all plain— I was facing the mas
querade r who had lured me from Dul
cine's side.
He had replaced the false imperial—
to give me a better welcome, and obvi
ate an introduction— and he grinned a
hellith grin as I stared aghast. Now I
saw that his face was too wide for Ora
noff's and lacked, on closer view, the
colonel's color; the black hair and eye
brt-v.s, however, helped the deception.
"Mr. Robert Martyn, I believe." "The
wild grimace returned the moment the
words were Epoken.
"At your service." I answered sharp
ly: I would not h\x+ the devil outdo
•me. and then I blurted out quickly and
angrily enough: "Bv G^d. you shall pay
dear for this outrage, sir."
) "Jamie," he replied, drawling the
Quelpartien oath like a native, and
drew the false beard from his face.
Then he roiled a cigareUe and lighted
it. looking at me out of the corner of
his eye. Sore as I was, and exhausted,
I looked this man over as I had never
looked at another. That he was surely
the tool of Prince Tuen I knew; beyond
that I could not get; his nationality
CHAPTER XXII
A RUDE AWAKENING.
As. we went back to that hut.in the
mountains my words, "You are a liar,"
came back to me. .and I repeated them
again and again, and no words ever
fitted my lipo so snugly..' Fi.-r I felt in
every nerve that' I was right. Sahib
Menin, for so his servant called him,
was throwing boldly, -now, on the
strength of the effect of his knowledge
of what I had done, but I believed more
and more each moment that -his was a
stupendous deception. He had not re
leased Dulcine! She would have obeyed
none but that preconcerted signal— and
that signal he could not have known!
In all else I might be wrong,', but lat
such a time as this Dulcine would keep
faithfully "her word. "Remember ,the
signal of the scabbard," she. had writ
ten; how then could she forget? Least
wise if she had been false to c-ur agree
ment she must now pay the penalty—
for I purposed to act as I. would, had I
known she was in the marble^ tomb,
where, unless she had broken faith with
me, she surely was. ... . . . . • ;.. .
So I, simply determined to get to
Keinning the quickest' arid-best way I
could, then slip my guards, £ and . go
about the task of releasing Dulcirie.
It ¦waj*. graving into day
as we put , back over the
briery path. I forecast
we could j not reach
Kelnning before mid
night, and; I resolved
to play every hand
slowly in order to
make it later
so exhausted that the jogging of the
pony. put me to sleep, , and I awakened
only when"he"stumbledron'th'e stones.
But Iseemed tb\thinkjand plan even
as I slept. My chief I anxiety; was; flrit
to 'escape my; guards, : , and ' I soon : began
to believe this would -be [ no easy . trick.
TheyTwere /powerful J Chinamen, and
their faces said ithey^were fit (tools for
such as Menin and Tuen. They would
hold no • manner, of 'conversation with
me; .indeed; they Ualked *by signs to
each other," though .1 could see . in a mo
ment both understood -what I 'said, to
them. •."¦¦-.•_¦•• :' :;.'- : :;.¦'.¦: ; '¦¦¦¦¦
.Yet we were late In our start, and for
that • I' was,' ahead.'" Inlj coming frorA
Keinnlngy we had traveled one ; whole
night and half a second^-at least fifteen
hours.- 1 At our .best 'we, could not reach
Keinning before i. midnight, and .1 set
about the task of ? seeing that we did
not do our ' best .. When I: awoke from
each successive nap ; I asked \ painfully
f or./water, : and rhy . guards ' stopped al
ways at the nearest spring. I groaned
not a - little, .and once . begged to rest on
the ground. I found > it an easy role to
play exhausted, for .1 1 was nearer, to it
than '•probably I realized .myself. At
this spring' they let me. sleep an hour at
least,' for which I wag * proportionately
thankful. " • ... '
• I am sure they did not, penetrate my
Yuse; and I ki\ew: if we did not .reach
Ke'innlng before; three 'o'clock in. the
morning, thers was . no hope of seeing
the 'King before the evening following.
In V. those . twelve . hours I felt sure I
could get-free. ..
Menin had so skillfully mingled
what' I believed to be lies with What I
feared was the truth; that I was in a
maze \ of perplexities: for instance, he
had said incidentally ; that Oranoff had
gone to Chef u-Y Now this was a. mat
ter about which he', would not have lied
to me lest an unimportant fib should
menace the fabric built up on his great
er falsehood. Oranoff must • have "at
tended the imperial funeral and: then
gone straightway tbTsi and Chefu;
how Menin could know this, - when he
had preceded me to that hut In the
mountains, was a bafiling. mystery— yet
was it not welcome news? If out of the
country, Oranoff would- not know of
Dulclne's disappearance- or mine; per
haps-he need never know,* if Dulcine
could be saved within a few days. So I
worried and planned and_ argued, all
day long, fighting my fears aw^y like
a swarm of stinging gnats; but ever
holding with dogged tenacity to the be
lief that Dulcine . Oranoff was in that
marble tomb, since: no : one else had
known our ; signal of the • scabbard.
g I was dozing as the afternoon faded
Into twilight, when suddenly. the ground
seemed to -give way, and I \ was drop
ping through air. • "When I ; first be
came conscious . I was lying on my.
liorse, ar.d . we were both shootnig .
swiftly, down a smooth precipice of
sandstone,- the rope by • which I
was tied to my horse being severed
as we shot along. My.guides .had
-stopped ; fo^^aome reason, and -my
pony had evidentl v 'gone | to the de
ceptive • edge of the I precipice to ¦
browse.' We brought up with "a crash
in tall bushes, which had taken root
in' a wide, natural catchwater, through
'which ".I was "thrown {by, the force of the
impact, and lay sprawling on the rock,
quite breathless, as^my : guards, wild
with 'excitement, rushed Ho the point
where my horse had fallen.
They w<«fe:not more ''surprised than
I; "but thWpwcre"- a ergat deal more
unlucky. 5*oV a moment I lay still
to set my breath. Then I rose aa
best I could, and ran along,
keeping behind the shrubs.
A. rifle shipped on the
edge above me.. Its
companion _ repeated
the' command, and.
blood trickled from
my hand, for the
ball went between
"Jamie, boy, how came yoy into all
this? What have you been doing? I will
tell you, so you miiy know with whom
you are dealing. You sailed from Lynx
Island in the night to Han Chow. The
coward KepnefT failed you. and the
wire* You went on to Keinning. You
told OranofT the Queen's body was in
the new sarcophagus. At midnight you
met Dulcine OranofT and induced her to
make good your failure. Lieutenant
Kim and you placed her in the sarcoph
agus at daylight that morning;."
Aghast as I was at this man's knowl
edge, I played my part as best I could
and smiled, when he paused, indiffer
ently.
"And what have you gained," I
sneered presently, "for all your spy
ing?" • • ;
He started up quickly, for this was a
tender spot— his failure — and he cried:
"I have gained all -you have lost." ' -
I knew he meant Dulcine, and I t/em
bled. Did he mean anything more?
"My God!" thought I — and here I
sprang to my feet with a gasp— "did he
release Dulcine himself and take her
captive too?"
Promptly the villain laid a revolver
on the table before him and I
sat down, my head in my
hands. It was bad enough to
believe Dulcine' to be in that
marble tomb, but held a cap
tive in a den of this man's
choosing — oh! this broke my
spirit utterly, and I groaned
aloud.
"Come, come, lad, groans
will not save fair lady," he
said presently with mocking
hilarity; "but follow me. and
I will tell yo.^uhat will."
We went out. "Sahib/' his
servant, and myself, and
mounted three Korean po
nies. I was sent on in front,
and for half an hour we fol
lowed a little path over a
"You corrupted the priests at Lynx
Island; you destroyed the temple, and
the Mc^-d of a score of better men than
you lb on your head. You are now
murdering a helpless girl by making
way with me. And by the. God in
heaven your luarters shall swim in
blood for that."
The man begun laughing again, and
It was plain now that my fear for the
girl I had buried alr^e was the cause of
his hilarity. I certainly had got my
self in a devilish plight, the more so as
my captors had much to avenge them
selves for. But then, suddenly, the
black eyes narrowed on me, and thft
light of laughter died down, smothered
by hate.
"Par Dleu," he growled suddenly,
"but I thoygbt that your long suit" —
and I knew he meant the travesty of
the funeral Just completed. I had, at
last, touched the man to the quick. I
probed deeper now. mad with fear for
Dulcine.
"A bad habit of trying to do what I
am bid," I answered hotly, though I
was attempting "now to moet him on
his own ground of supercilious indiffer
ence: "I do not play Impostor, tht.^sh,"
I added casually; "I know something
besides deceit."
his manner served only to arouse my
anger, and agaVn it . got the better of
me.
"And what am I, sir," I snarled, "the
captive of a oandit or a prisoner of
war?"
"That will be for you to determine,
mydear Martyn," he said with a yawn;
and he called a boy, who brought a
bottle of cognac and a wine glass. At
a word my wrists were freed, and. a
glass was filled and placed before me.
The liquor gave me strength to be sen
sible and keep still. It made the exas
perating smile on his face return; at
last he threw back his head and
laughed outright and heartily. I glared
across the table, insane to seize that
white throat, but I kept still. Finally
when he realized I would amuse him no
longer, he sobered ana drank again- -
"No, captain, I •< m no bandit, nor are
you a prisoner of war. In fact, this is
quite irregular. I ut you will allow me
the liberty to say that you have a pro
pensity for Betting In the way;" and he
smiled and put his cigarette to his lips,
cocking his head to avoid the smoke,
and locked at me.
did look ghastly, though I had tried to
wash the blood from my. face 2nd head;
such clothes as my captors had; left i me
had 4 confiscated; thy coat and haty
were bright enough with^ gold,' and sil
ver to attract attention. I had torn t the
lining from "my heavy vest,' <¦ arid had
bound-up my hand; truly I must have
looked like. a warrior, wakened/ from his
sleep oh .a; forgotten .battle-ground. - I
did not blame her for running.
I went' on to the; path' up; the bank
which. the .frightened woman had taken,
but before I reached the top of it I wu
on /, the; ground again. If - 1 remember
correctiy I had not eaten since the noon
of, the day before," nor slept for a week,
save my naps at Han Chow, at the le
gation, arid on the horse to which I had
been bound. '-,/"¦ .
"Dulcine Oranoffs life hangslis truly
on your, keeping faith with us as your
life depends on the "air you breathe,
sir." With that he went down the
mountain-side, $ and his "cervant put
himself behind me, and we too went
homeward alone. \ . %•
"All is well, then," replied my captor.
And at a sign from him ( the -servant
discharged a revolver three times in
succession. In a moment two lights
'glimmered from the little vessel. Then
Menin dismounted and handed the bri
dle of his pony to the servant, where
upon he turned to^ne.
"You see/ that light," : and- Menin
pointed to a lantern swinging at" the
mast'of a launch anchored half a mile
from shore. "Dulcine Oranoff is 'there,
a prisoner like yourself." . ' • '. . :
"You are a': liar," I interposed
promptly; un-.vllling ; to believe this ' to
be the truth. He,had" not known the
signal of the scabbard! The sarcopha
gus could not be opened— once the King
closed ' it— save from ; *v. within. ! Dulcine
would have answered no summons but
that agreed upon, though: she paid the
penalty with her life.: Yet the' man, J
ignoring 'my interjection, went' on un
disturbed.
"Now, .sir, the ,.King.. of *. Quelparte
must hear from your own lips that the
funeral was a damned hoax,; and that
the Queen's body was utterly destroyed
on Lynx Island. He* will believe you,"
he added significantly: "you. will go
back to Keinning to-morrow, under, the
care cf two of my men. '- 'If . you make
one move to escape you are as good as
dead. To-morrow" night you 7 . will' go
with them and demand an audience
and tell the Kins what I have said. /^ If
you do this, you are a v free man, and
Dulcine Oranoff will be found safe; and
well with her father, who has gone to
Chefu^ Do you understand?"
It did not take me a moment to de
termine my course. ;.'./. £•*.
. "I will start for Keinning at "once," -I
answered.
mountain, and up to the summit of: a
rocky hill beyond. Before we reached
its crest I heard the booming: of -the
sea! ¦ % - n '- . +&J&2&R
THE SAN FRANGISGO SUNDAY CALL).
3EMMILE.
CHAPTER XXV.
"Oh; the people. thought we had him
here; and; had put the screws on him
to pull , through this 'protectorate, - nnd
the Cabinet made him clear out 'for the
new palace." ,
"He has "gone already ?"
"He "went' to-night ; } we couldn't keep
him, arid ,we didn't want hlin either.".;
So , here was the 'end "of s rriy plan to
see • the King ; to-night; In fact, r I
doubted "whether -If could ever; see him
alone v now, hedged in as tie"? probably
Lights were moving up and down in
the legation, but the King's wing was
dark as the night, and I wondered how
it was that Whang-Su was not meeting
his Cabinet as of yore.
' The" whole place seemed unnatural. I
shook myself Rnd repeated. the question 1
to Dejneff, and now he found his voice:
• "Oranoff, or his ghost." The man's
breath left him with those four words/
But soon he. found it and continued:
"We were coming in from the imperial
mausoleum after dusk, a few Cossacks
and myself, and near the great bell we
ran into a street fight. ; The crowd
scattered as we dashed up, and there
on the'ground lay Colonel Oranoff. We
brought him \ to the legation. For a
time he was unconscious, and when at
last he came around he did not know
where he was/ arid attempted to get
out of his bed and go away; the Cos
sacks pulled him back, and he lies
there now like a_tlger. I am afraid he
has been hurt, on the head, and it has
struck in."
Dejneff spoke like a child, and it was
plain that he was all knocked up.
-.' I j was pushing on toward the lega
tion door as we talked, dragging Dej
neff with me. I feared that I could not
see Oranoff. We had reached the great
door now,' and. I felt sure that Dejneff
had not 'told me all the truth.
- "Come, old man,"/ 1 said, taking him
sternly by the lapel of his great coat;
"what's up? How did Oranoff come to
Keinrilng, and how was he hurt?" I
could not go on until I knew more.
' '"Damn me if I know, Martyn; go see
for yourself." . •; •
.I r dragged him into my room. I did
not know .whether I wanted to go to
Oranoff yet or not. While Pak was
getting the brandy and soda, we sat
looking ? at each otber in silence,
though pejneff swung himself around
and around in his chair every half
minute with; a deep sigh.
'As 'we waited, the Interior of that
room brought back a score of painful
memories. Here I had ' conceived and
carried Wo execution this reckless tra
vesty which, for all I knew now, was
to cost sever*t- of us our lives. I re
membered what Oranoff had once said
about peace costing the Czar the lives
of his best; if Oranoff had been parma
n»ntly Injured, a good life t had surely
been: wrecked in Quelparte to avert a
"war. with Japan! Even; the pictures on
which I had . hung some of those silk
garments • were still askew, . and . the
chair .stood before the fireplace just
where it had stood when I told Dulcine
, story • of Lynx Island. As I
thought of 'Dulcine I shuddered— for
fear Dejneff would speak of her! What
could they think of her . absence with
. Colonel': Oranoff In such "a condition?
But; might it not be that even this was
fortunate? I tried to think it was.
The liquor did . something ; toward
making ' men of . us again— being good
for* all poisons." Dejneff was quite, him
; self, f; and • niy * presence seemed to - give
his cohfldence.V 1 ' : N \
-."This protectorate business has been
going all agilrist the grain," he said at
last/ with a' nod toward . the King's
wins' of the legation. I remembered
that it was dark. :'¦ "It's set the people
against us, which explains this attack
on Oranoff."' ¦
/-I wai thinking it was Tuen's revenge.
"Has the; King heard it?" I asked.
"No," the King has left."
I started.
"What do you mean, Dejneff ?"
When I came up he stopped quickly
in his tracks. While he was growling
out some Rusian oaths with his usual
zest, I could see thai he was not the
same gruff old Dejneff. There were so
many things I wanted to ask him that
I was at a loss which to ask first, and
yet I did not forget that there was one
question which I must .not permit him
to ask me; I did not want him to men
tion Dulcine. .
"Oranoff is here?" I seized his coat
sleeve as I spoke. the wordsJ He took
the cigar out of his mouth and nodded
dumbly. The grizzled warrior, always
ready before with an oath or, gruff
laugh, only nodded, . now, to this the
most serious Question I ever asked a
man. - .¦ ;^v-"; ¦ - '" '¦ z l?
I At the* legation plaza I found Dejneff
striding up and down in the dark con
suming a black cigar. I needed nothing
more to make me sure that something
was wrong. "
A NEW DEJNEFF.
CHAPTER XXVI.
And so I turned toward the Japanese
settlement, as I went into Keinning,
and lodged at a Japanese inn. From
there I boldly indited a letter to Colo
nel Oranoff, saying that for reasons
which he would fully approve when he
knew them Dulcine and I had left
Kelnning . together. * I dated my note
from Tsi, the morning after the fu-
The mound was about fifty feet in
height. The diameter of its base was
equal to its height. The gravel sides
had been turfed with grass since the
Imperial funeral. The magic city which
had been at its base had disappeared
with the army and the great concourse
of people. All the temporary buildings
had been taken away; but the Hall of
Spices remained, for it was not tempo
rary. It was to be the temple of the
tomb, where services to the memory of
the Queen would be celebrated. As I
pushed ray horse down' from the hills,
I felt the fever of fear fill my veins.
Was it, verily, a tomb?
As I came nearer— for I had to pass
the mound to reach the east gate — I
saw workmen on Its summit erecting a
diminutive temple roof to shelter the
face of the great tablet. My spirits
rose at the sight of these men, and I
strained my eyes to catch a glimpse of
a familiar form; for, during the ride
from the sword-dancer's cave, I had de
cided that my hope lay In one man— old
Ling's son. Kim. Not until then had I
thought of him, and remembered his
appointment as secret guardian of the
Queen in his father's place. I congrat
ulated myself on having kept my hasty
promise to the father, for as I thought
of ft I was surer than ever that Dul
cine Oranoff '8 life was in his hands;
but I dared not think what the grave
youth would do or say. I knew the
penalty of an attempt to mock the ter
rible legend and enter that mausoleum;
the body of the ghoulish vandal would
be divided among the capitals of the
twenty provinces, to be displayed in a
public place.
If Kim could not help me, there was
but one man left to ask. That was the
King, and asking him would be to tell
the whole miserable story of Lynx
Island and Prince Tuen's victory. And
yet, had not a week passed without
the fulfillment of the terrible myth?
Was the King not sane still, and the
dynasty still secure? And might not an
other week go by like this — and many?
I pushed my horse on as fast as it
could go, knowing each moment was an
eternity to Dulclne. I passed within a
hundred yards of the mausoleum and
watched the score of men who were at
work upon the little temple roof. The
material for it was being brought up on
the very car and track upon which the
golden sarcophagus had ascended.
As I looked again upon these scenes
so indelibly impressed on niy memory,
I thought of the terrible experiences
Dulclne had endured since she bade me
that last farewell. How the poor girl
must have waited and waited and
waited in her narrow cell for the sig
nal that never came! How her ex
hausted nerves must have trembled!
How her very life-blood must have
been wrung from her heart as the mo
ments passed! Did she know when the
service of the priests was over? Could
she have known when she was placed
upon the Eliding car? Did the realize
that she was beyond the Altar of
Spices — aj'e, beyond all human power
to save? Did she feel herself being
lowered into the tomb — or h'ad he.stun
ning, deafening shock of the falling
tablet first told her that her lover had
proven faithless and had sent her to a
living tomb after falling to bring back
the real body of the Queen?
I ached to hurry now to the mound,
but I could not, dressed as I was. And
so I pushed on Into the city. But here
another question arose. Where should
I go? I could not go to the legation. Al
ready Colonel Oranoff might have given
out the news of Duldne's absence, and
of mine. Yet I was sure he would be
lieve we were together, and that he
would not quickly make public our dis
appearance. I could not help wonder
ing if in all his diplomatic days he had
ever faced a riddle more difficult to
solve than this.
But if ever I had a hard problem it
was a kitten's plaything to this: How
could that mound, made impregnable
by the best of human skill, be entered,
and the prisoner released?
But as I ncared It, rejoicing in my
freedom, the terrible fear that Dulcine
was not there — that she was something
worse, even, than burled alive, re
turned. No matter how frequently I
crushed down this awful fear, it would
return, and I would again hear the
devil Menin's sneering words of tri
umph—
"I have gained all you have lost!"
But I was determined to stand fast to
my course. The fears, the sneering
threats — nothing: should alter my trust
in Dulcine. She had known the signal,
and I had certainly never given It, and
that another could have accidentally
given it was a possibility too remote to
be considered now.
THE KEEPER OF THE TOMB.
As I descended into the great plain in
which Kelnning lay, my eyes tested
steadily on this conical mound ol earth.
No one gazing from those heights could
have overlooked that peculiar forma
tion.
CHAPTER XXIV.
..During a part of; the time garrulous
Kysang talked, I slept. There was
I nothing^ I j could do before the time I
had set to go to the King but sleep, and
there was nothing I needed to do more.
The booming of the great bell at mid
night of my first night with . Kysang
awoke me with a fright I had never
felt' in my life before.
\ "O mother! O mother mine," the iron
monster 'cried, and a thousand mothers
of Quelparte unconsciously turned in
their sleep, and dreV closer the infants
beside them. And old Kysang 1 , believ
ing implicity that the cry was that of
r the murdered babe, lovingly* stroked
the quivering metal' with his bony hand
and crooned a plaintive lullaby.'
On the second night I awoke with a
frightened sob, as the great beam
swepfagain through the air and an
nounced midnight. .
- Yet I ¦ arose determinedly, shook old
Kysang's hand roughly, and started for
the door.
There my legation boy Pak almost
ran into me.
."Colonel— Oranoff— has— come — hurt
—very— badly— " he panted.
• - ' * •
And the Queen fainted where she
stood. " ¦'• ¦¦
With an aching heart I watched the
still figure till It was lost amid the
great boulders by the side of the moun
tain path. Then I turned to my horse
in baste to pass Ksase's good favor on.
My life was saved, and there— yea, the
mists had Just lifted from it— «tood the
mound of the imperial mausoleum.
\.
Though now. more deeply in her debt,
I was utterly helpless to repay Xsase,,
however much I longed to show my
gratitude. But I could not in any way,
and I only pressed her hand as I grave
her the bridle, and bade her "au reyoir"
—for, if God was good to me, I would
yet repay her kindness. She sat quiet
a little while on her pony, then, as I
moved aside, she rode off slowly and
never once looked back.
jlj Then the King set another day for
the casting, and ordered that the witch
ard lier child' be found. < The man was
raised: from the ground," to -which he
had fallen in anguish and terror,\ a n<l,»
with a troop of horsemen, rode rapidly •
off Into the mountains. The praxers of
a nation followed thewi and brought
them safely back.
And now the green hillside witnessed
again the assembling of the nation— for
every.wherethe strange tale had ?one.
Even the lame and the blind came, and ;
the great white-robed concourse formed
another' semicircle about the. molten;,
crater! On the dais, again spread with,
tiger-skins, saV the Kirig and , the
Queen.: The courrin gorgeous.apparel
again waited.
Just as the Queen arose to give tho;
signal for the; filling of the mold, a
strange form was" seen running through
the crowds of people. , All eyes turned
It was the witch. -:.-'\*
On she ran. Reaching the red-hot
crater, she unloosened a babe ! from her
back and looked upward to the daW.V
With a wave of her white fingere the
Queen gave the terrible command, and
the babe was cast headlong into the
boiling maelstrom of heated iron; ;
As it went downward its plaintive cry
rang out, and all the people heard :
"Eirimlle, - Emmlle-^ mother! O
mother mine!" psi^jg^SPPSf
<It Is said 'that ; cry: •was, heard ; in
every part of the : kingdoriv. and jnbt a "
mother' but shuddered -knd turned
. quickly to her sleeping babe.
Then the great, mold was filled, but
the people" waited in silence for the
¦cooling*- of the bell, and ¦ feasted not.?
The chains straightened and ¦ lifted it
again in air. -_ ,'
. A nation ' held its breath. The mo
riierits passed. But the bell remained
whole. The life-blood of. the babe Jiad,
proven ,'the . rare flux needed to .cement
its /ponderous sinews. Cheer: upon
cheer arose, ; and the King proclaimed
, a holiday. A wooden V beam was ; gar-;
landed arid. hung^tb strike the beil.: At
the V King's : command ; it was swung .
back and descended. .
: But', what'; sound "came forth? Only
the 1 : cry of the -burning babe:
: "Emrriile! Emralle!"
On this circle the work of excavating
for. the foundation of . the city wall Im
mediately began. \' One > day a workman
struck his pick ' in a metal , substance.
Digging carefully around j it, he; soon
brought to light a small iron . bell of
perfect proportions. The discovery was'
noised abroad, and the King ; ordered
the bell brought to the palace. Imme
diately a proclamation went forth that
a gigantic bell should be cast to -hang
in the center of the capital, each of the
twenty provinces being asked to fur- ;
nish one-twentieth of the metal, that it
might truly be a'nationalbell. ""
Messengers/ were sent riding forth to
each province to bring the metal to the
great mold . which was being prepared
at Keinning. Each province y contribu
ted its share gladly, and soon the King
appointed a day for the casting. The
nation assembled with' the King and
court on the hillside above the '. molten
mass of metal. At the raising of the
Queen's hand the mold was filled..".'Af
ter a feast the great bell was lifted on
mighty chains to hang before all the
people.' But, even as the cheers of the
thousands .went up, a loud report was
heard which silenced the tumultuous
applause.
The side of the bell had cracked!
Confusion reigned in the court,' and
the King's face was white with' min
gled' anger and fear as he' proclaimed
that the bell would be recast on the
morrow, and sent the people running
to their temples to pray. .
On. the morrow a greater concourse
gathered; a- greater feast' was prepared.
Again the metal was heated, : hotter
than before. A§rain, at the Queen's
signal, the great 'mold was filled, the
feast was enjoyed,, and the bell was
lifted from the mold! ¦ ' — .
AndiWith a -mightier report again it
burst asunder. The King and; his no
bles .frflj.o n their faces. -The people
rushed jft way now of their own accord,
asjflewg from the, very vwrath of the
gods'"**;"' '-' <r
-. Yet:one.of all those thousands stood
still. With an agonized face upturned
this man beat his breast and walked
onward," alone, up toward his prostrate
King. Neaiing the great dais built
on the. greensward,- he fell on 'the
ground. A nobleman turned the King's
eye to him, and at a signal he arose.
"Sire, I. was a gatherer of metal in
Rang-do. As I went through a little
village I asked for metal at each hut.
In one., darker than the rest, I -uttered
my request. Whereupon an old Wv>:nan
replied, from the gloom:* 'I have v no
metal, but take this,' and she unbound
a babe- from her back and held it out
to me. I laughed and went- on. But as
I went, the woman cursed the bell."
The court arose at these words, and
all exclaimed: ; , . '
"A' witch has cursed the bell!" .¦ „
great city,- echoing : among the: sur
rounding mountains. . The composition,
of metals . In the bell, % and the effect ; of
being struck by a wooden 'instead of •
an iron tongrue, give to its tone a'".pe
culiar- quality,, which i is likely,' to ' pre- f
serve forever, the" terrible legend which
has conje down the centuries with it.
The sound is plaintive and „ pathetic, ,
from whatever, part of 'the, city you
hear it— as if it were, in reality, the
death-cry of a child.
; r The" dynasty to which Wharig^Su be
longed began one hundred years before
Columbus^, discovered America^ so oid
Kysang affirmed in telling the story of ¦
the great'bell." -I thought I "could have
told pretty nearly ¦when'it should have
ended/if myths be true, but^ I ? held my
peace , and.- smoked 'on. Each new dy- '
nasty must have a new capital; so the
new King sent out three wise men , to
locate the ; site of his capital." ",These
wipe men," like all. wlse'/men, fell into a
dispute,, but jon, awakening one morn
ing, they -found a narrow line of. snow
which formed afclrcle just here In the
plain. of ; Phan River: Providence had
settled the^ question," and had indicated
the propitious spot by\ this band" of
snow..
With half an oath and; half a sob -I
—spent" hound, that I. was-^-determined
to cling to the track of the lost lad Kim;
arid I plodded on, trembling and ex r
hausted, to the bell house to wait. ¦. ,
' By', only v one thins* was I .cheered--.
Colonel Oranbff's absence. The Reeling
in that great city against us was grow
ing Intense. It would have been all his'
life was "worth to walk. these streets
now. Yet I believe I wished a -little
that I could confess, every thing to him.
This suspense was slow poison. '
Then Oranoff had not received my. de
ceptive note. He .was out of the coun
try; and there wereflve days in which
to get Dulcine from the tomb,, and to
meet her father at Tsi. I hardly
paused to thank the man for obtaining
for me such an enviable commission in
that most wonderful body of horse in
the world. I know he was thinking :as
much of Dulcine as of me in doing so.\
I told my boy where -I wished to go
as nearly as I could, and he became my
guide. At lest he paused before a door
and spoke to a little girl playing near.
It was Kim's house. , The girl called
her mother, who told my boy that Kim
had gone away the night of the funeral
and would return home at stated times.
He had not come yet, and they did not
know when he would .come. They t were
happy in his fortunate apointment; but
the news of the father's death,; though
they had not seen him for two long
years, brought a gloom which even the
son's promotion could n6t dispel.
Here was the end of. my last, rope.. . I
could learn nothing further of th? dis
appearance of Kim Ling.
I asked that news of his return be
sent to his uncle, the old ringer of the
bell, and I" turned gloomily away, p '
I would wait a little for Kim before I
went to the Sling. Passing by an Inn,
I stopped long enough to\write a note
to the Russian Minister, saying that I
had gone on a little journey : to the
mountains, and would return to Kein
ning in time to take the boat on which
Colonel Oranoff and his daughter would
return from China. I also explained
that Dulclne had joined her father at
Tsi and had gone to Chefu with him. .
" Had a scorpion crawled out of the
words, I could not have started more
suddenly. The white- lie I was telling
was the very black lie the devil Menin
told me! And Oranoff had gone to Che
fu, as the trickster said! I: had. not
thought of that before. Now. I
thought and trembled. )'"'-'¦'
I am sure I should not have been
blamed for doubting Dulcine here; but
I did not.' Menin may have been right
regarding Oranoff, and wrongf concern-
Ing his daughter. No good liar fails to
season his falsehoods with a pinch of
truth. . . , '
Mr. Robert Martyn— Your commission
as captain in the Czar's Cuirassiers is
handed you herewith. I leave Tsi at
daybreak for Port Arthur. There is
some bad plotting going on .here by
Tuen. I shall be better off In China, and
there is much to be done there. :lshall
return on the Gen ki Maru.- touching Tsi
tli* 27th. Shall return to Washington
with you. 'You -need not report: at St.
Petersburg before the spring maneuvers
in May. Hastily but gratefully yours, v
. . IVAN ORANOFF, Colonel. ¦ : J
This was dated the night of the im
perial funeral. .". • Z "¦¦'. • ;. /¦. .
locked, and the keeper was away. I
was turning to leave for Kim's \ house,
when my j boy came hurrying up. . He
brought this letter: , . "¦¦',
The tablet had fallen fairly into its
place upon the sunken tomb, without
sign of crack or other mar. Directly
upon It were laid the light sleepers of
the little building now being erected.
It was a handsome little structure of
cedar wood in which the memorial tab
lets would be kept for Inspection. The
building was not intended as a temple,
for the temde of the tomb had been
built to be permanent, and there the
sacrifices and incense would be burned.
Thus I gazed around me while I tried
to think of my next step. It was
plain that this man, even if he knew,
would not tell me where Kim Ling was;
I doubted if he knew. But I made one
more effort to set something out of
him:
"Yes, I have been to. the barracks,"
I replied with great lack of regard for
the truth, "but he left the barracks on
the night of the funeral. His commis
sion took effect when the Queen was
buried; where else.' then, would he be
save here — on Lynx. Island?"
But even my sarcasm was of no avail
wfth this sturdy man. Yet the two
talked a moment behind my back. Then
one said gently:
"Kim Ling's Uncle Kysang is ringer
of the bell; he can tell you where Kim
lives, arid no doubt you can get scent
of him there."
I was indebted to the men for this in
formation, but I lingered for — well, for
strength to take up the search. I
leaned heavily upon the sweet new tim
ber Just brought from ths far-off moun
tains; I prayed to God then as I never
had- before, and as I prayed for the
strength to find Dulclne and save her,
there came, In the scent of the cedars,
the memory of my boyhood home in
dear old Vermont. I saw the hills and
forests and heard the chatter of those
clear brooks where the trout played; I
felt once more the sweet damp of the
woodlands, and a touch of the breeze
which fans those cool green mountains
from which I was now so far removed.
And when I had thus rested a moment
I wiped my. damp eyes and pulled my
self together.
I left the; men In as good humor as
possible, though I saw they thought I
knew. more than might have bean ex
pected, and rode carelessly back to the
barracks. I would find trace of Kim
even if I met Oranoff himself. I called
for Kim's captain, but when he cams I
found he knew less than nothing.
. Kim Ling had disappeared from hu
man' sight!
From a soldier I learned where his
mother and sister lived, and bo! te'l out
of the barracks on that % slight clew.
At the sate I met one of my legation
boys. " He knew me almost instantly,
and ran up saying:
"Go. slow; I bring you pinge (letter)
from Colonel Oranoff."
"Bring it to the great bell," said I,
and I galloped on.
The house of the great bell was
The man fell backward from me, his
eyes strained open wide; then he an
swered me firmly and gravely (and I
admired him for it):
"He is not and has not been here, sir;
but I am only keeper of the, tomb.
Have you looked for him at the bar
racks?" • , ;
neral, for I learned from a paper that a
boat had sailed then for Port Arthur.
By this time I was ready to return to
the mausoleum in search of Kim, and a
fresh horse quickly carried me over the
three miles, driven by the anxiety that
filled my heart. The piece was still un
der guard, and it was only by good luck
that I was able to approach the mound.
Andorph was not there, but one of his
captains knew me and let me within
the lines.
The moment my foot touched the
mound, up which the officer led me, I
was beside myself with* excitement. I
asked anxiously for Kim Ling, but the
man could give me no Information. I
was surprised at this, but never for a
moment doubted that the officer in
command could do so.
The whole of the great basin of the
Phan lay at our feet as we ascended
this mound so beautifully set in the
midst of the plain. The view was more
'charming from this spot than from the
hills about, for the fog had lifted; and
things before shrouded In It now took
on their true outlines. But to my tired
eyes it wag common enough — the jjreat
sweep of the Phan, the crowds of huts
that lay along its banks, the odd boats,
some of them of large proportions,
which went up and' down carrying the
strangest sails winds even encountered.
Far beyond, the silk worm wound
along on the crest of the mountain very
like the crawling thing the Quelpar
tiens took it to be. Above It great buz-
Dulclne pressed her face in my hands
and arose and left the room,
zards were . circling, and on its side a
dozen forms in white were raking grass
for the winter fire. Kelnning lay flung
wide over the valley, the gray walls,
some of the legations, the Pagoda, a
new American house, being all that
could be seen, save the* dead level
of the graceful tile roofs or the
bushy straw roofs of, the poor.
On the other side lay Pukhan,
with the great wall of a mountain
fortress, surrounding on its summit a
space as great as that occupied by
Kelnning in the valley, a refuge for the
kings of Quaiparte who should be brave
enough to dare to run away — should
there ever come one so brave.
"Good morning,". I said eagerly to the
officer in command, . who was oversee
ing the erection of the roof above the
tablet; "may I see Lieutenant Ling?" -
The man started at my words. "Ling
is not here," he replied; "I have noth
ing to do with Lieutenant Ling."
"Kim Ling not here?" I cried out.
"No."
"Was he not appointed secret guard
ian of the Queen?"
The man gazed at me open-mouthed.
But I burst on. regardless of his sur
prise. I could not lose Kim now. I
could not go to the King!
"You are mistaken, sir," I. pressed
him. "Ling was appointed to office
here; I saw his appointment; after ask
ing the King myself that it be given to
him."
was by the swarm of officials at the
palace. But Oranoff could. ' I must see
Oranoff! x
While we talked of the King, Dejneff
was quite his old self, but the moment
I spoke of Oranoff he cringed and failed
me. I could not be balked, and would
not. :
"I must see Oranoff, Dejneff, right
away, and I wlU; I wish you would go
and do what you can for me." The
words seemed to take the strength out
of him, but he saw I was In earnest,
and he arose unsteadily and started lor
the door.
"But, Dejneff." I added, rising with
him, "don't let anybody know I am here
or have been here; not even Dulcine."
How I got those words out my lips I
cannot tell; yet I said them, and they
stopped him ' in i his tracks. But after
standing still a moment glaring down
his nose into his beard, he left me
without a word.
"He does not dare to tell/me Dulclne
has not returned," I said, as I dropped
again upon my bed.
/ Pak came in some time after Dejneff
had left and took away the empty
glasses. "When he came back I was
donning my best and brightest uni
form. Pak assisted me for a time in
silence, but at last he could not contain
himself, and the poor lad burst Into
tears, much to my surprise and to his
own great shame.
I soon learned that the servants knew
of the attack on Oranoff. They were
all frightened; some had even left the.
legation, fearing a mob would attack
us. /¦ But Pak was weeping because
Oranoff was injured, and more particu
larly because no one knew what was
the matter with him.
"Won't you get Hu Mok now?" he at
last said to me, drying his face on his
coat-tails. "Hu Mok. can tell what's
the matter with anybody," he went on,
uninterrupted; "last moon a man was
very sick in Chulla province, and no
one knew what was the matter."
"I will see about Hu Mok, Pak," I
said, conciliating him; "I am going to
see Colonel Oranoff now."
For Dejneff was at the door.
Concluded Next Sunday.
THE v S ANl>: FRANCISCO: SUNDAY. "CALL-
. The old ringer of the bell was stand
ing: in trie door of the bell house as I
came across the plaza to it. My boy
told him something of me, which made
him very friendly; to. my surprise, he
could speak 1 some English. He had;
been an old servant at the British Le
gation before receiving: his present ap
pointment, which was, to all: native
eyes, a most honorable one. He had ob
tained it through the influence of his
brother, General Ling.
I remained with old Kysang - from;
that evening until the following night
at midnight, and as I look back on
them those, hours were by far the
darkest in all my . ,Quelpartien ex
perience. Since Kim • could not bej
found, I must await his return. There
was nothing else to do— that is. unless
I went to the King. This I determined
I would not do for at least one more
night. I sent my boy again to Kim's
house to make sure that word would be
sent me upon Kim's arrival. He re
turned affirming that my wish would be
obeyed, bringing also the information
that Kim's mother was afraid of me,
and that Kim was now. away longer
than he had expected to be.
If ' Kim was delayed, for how long
would it be? I trembled to think that
Tuen might have entrapped the son as
he had the father! If so, I was wasting
each moment I waited for him, and
would better go to the King this very
night. By. force of will I decided notto
.go until midnight- of the following
night. If Kim came not by that time,
I would hurry, immediately to the Rus
sian Legation, where the King would
be withhla Cabinet, throw myself at
his feet, and tell all. .
And how did I live through the'ter
rible hours Intervening? In other cir
cumstances my stay of thirty hours
within that bell house listening to the
tales of old Kysang would have been of
utmost Interest. The house was, per
haps, fifteen feet square , and twenty
feet high. It was latticed on the v sldesj
and] roofed overhead. , In one corner
Kysang had a. little room and a fire.
Here I lay, sleeping or smoking desper
ately, while listening to the old man's
talk.
In the center of the house hung the
great bell of Kelnning. It was twelve
feet high, and more than half as broad
at the . mouth. It I was made of ; a
strange composition of metals, chiefly
Iron.' -. It . hung, suspended ¦[ from^.t wo
heavy beams and had : no tongue; being
struck by a^ great beam hung on heavy
chains. And when .this _;¦ beam was
drawnlback , by the r old ringer ~ahd
crashed down upon • the bell, a sound,"
the like of which brie will hear nowhere
else In the world,Vgoes i out • over the
4
JOE ROSENBEBG'S.
For Fastidious Women.
File Your Claim to
Some of These
PETTICOATS.
You'U raise your dress to
show them. They ere very
chic -
THE PRICES ?==
We are sure y ouil buy more
than one when you see them.
LOT* I..-
' LADIES' PETTICOAT,
made of New York mill mus-
lin. , Trimmed with a ten-
inch flounce, with hemstitch-
'/-.} ed tucks and a deep hem,
and.also adust ruffle. Liber-
ally 'made, but' small in price
.55c
LOT 2...
¦ LADIES' PETTICOAT,
made of soft bleached mus-
lin, trimmed with a deep 10-
inch flounce, with tucks and
embroidery. Full widths, all
lengths. The material alone
would cost you more. Our
price 75c
LOT 3....
LADIES' PETTICOAT,
made of Lonsdale cambric,
trimmed with a deep 20-inch
lawn flounce with two rows
of .wide Torchon lace inser-
tion; also finished with,
deep lace. Tailor - stitched
seams and perfect in every
detail; low in price... $1.15
LOT *4....
LA D I E S' PETTICOAT,
made of XX . soft bleached
cambric,^trimmed with a 16-
, inch lawn flounce, with '- 14
rows of Torchon lace inser-
\ tion running up and down
and. finished with a 7-inch
ruffle of lace, also ¦ dust ruf-
fle. Full width and all
lengths. You -could not buy
the lace for the price ww ask
'.'for the skirt complete..Jpi.l5
TOEROSEpEBG
¦J "Honest Goods at Honest
:¦*!?:. Prices."
816 Market Street* and
HO^Farrell Street,the march at once, it was some hours
before sunset when the company fell
In ajid marched out of town toward
the river, the colonel with them. Out
side of town they were joined by a na
tive in a blue coat and red trousers —
the cavalry uniform of the insurgents.
Then the boys knew what was in the
wind.
In half an hour they struck the river
and followed its bank up Into the tow- (
erlng mountain crags that piled up in
the interior. The ground rose and.be
came difficult ; to traverse, while the
river dropped below them. At last the
command to halt was given, and every
man lay down. Only the colonel and
the native remained standing. They
were examining some nlpa thatches
that barely showed through the foliage
on the bluff still; further up.V :
Again the men climbed on, . split
Into two parties now, the captain and
colonel going with one, the two lieu
tenants .with the other. . The men were
quivering with nervous expectation.
Once more the captain's party; halt
ed, now just above the nipa thatches.
They could see men walking/ among
the huts; men who wore striped white
and blue uniforms. They waited. ,The
first lieutenant's party had gone on a
detour. • \". ; >-. *» ¦
Suddenly there came: a splintering
crash of -a volley from below. % Men in
white and blue «unlf orms rushed - helter
skelter out on . a .narrow* road, along
the side of the bluff, , only to be fired
upon by the men' In brown; above: them.
"At 'em, boys!", shouted the captain,
and" down'*? the 'Americans dashed 'in
among the panic :; crazed .insurgents,
most of whom were without guns. - J ;
It was all over in no time— ten insur
gents.killed,..some,.wounded! and; fifty
prisoners,", a • few escaped! among, the
crags. • The 'Americans entered the hid
den village. Of their own .number; none
was 'J hurt. :• Stretchers >n; were * made
for the- wounded^ and* the march back
by 'V; the- trail t-n began. .*.; The .^captives
scowled fiercely >t. the .yellow, man In
red: trousers."' : ¦ •
The: sun was setting and cast a red
glow.ovor.thetopslof the Jutting crags.
Over the river below, the shadows grew,
a deeper,;; blue.ii On *orie i side . of j the ; de
scending, trail rose a sheer bluff; on the
other; sixty,, feet j below,*; roared the. river.-.
~ .The marching * men iwere'J In 3 shadow^
no w. ; Above i the * irregular ¦ top i of > the
bluff 'was ¦ sharply, outlined - in ¦ the I red
Sunshine. • Suddenly the first sergeant
cried out: ', ¦ . .¦¦':]
."Look, fellers, above!"
All, even to the native prisoners,
looked.
On the top stood the form. of a r huge
goat, even his horns and beard plainly
silhouetted with the rest of his body
against the blazing sunset sky.
>They cheered to him, but, he did not
move. They called by name, first the
. Americans,' then j those who had given
It to him, his first friends, the. natives.
The misfortunes and fortunes of * war
were , forgotten for. the j moment— they
all wanted Diablo to come down..
Finally the "black shadow ; moved,
then sank into the . dark space below.
By shading; their ; eyes ; with their
hands they, saw him coming down the
face of the bluff as 'only, his kind could
come. Even ; the wounded prisoners
In the litters cheered.
At', last he •¦ stood; only -fifty feet
above them on a rocky ledge. . . He
paused; grave, dignified, i his tremend
ous bulk evenly balanced on ; the \ jut
ting stone. 'Again they called, but he
stood immovable/ thoughtfully re
garding the men below; him.' A pris
oner volunteered to crawl ,up j and coax
him down and . was allowed ¦ to start.
But he was- saved the trouble.
Suddenly the 1 two - fore "feet, of the
buck 'rose, ;, his body reared; T. curved
gracefully over, like an expert diver's,
then .fell.-; With a .spring he bounded
outward: and : downward, landing * only
a ¦ few yards ': away ; from those ';; below.*
Again his fore » r feetVarose. J . and ', with " a
roar,- almost as a bull bellows, he shot
forward. •>.- There came " a J scream ; from
ai human throat :„ and .; the : astonished
soldiers: saw -a ,. whirl {of: hoofs, horns
and 'red cloth -go'Jboundlng over the
ledge into the swirling river. '
; "Down to .'the ? bank! ' iSave : them! -
Save • them I before they ; get 5 into ;> the
rapids! ". : yelled ; the captain, ; and : they
all • rushed in' a mass,, men in brown .
and ¦ men 1 in ' an* blue, i down "> the
trail : to ; the ' : strip ' of beach ; below." Only
the colonel ? and ; the captain ;. remained
tvlthUhe woundedfonithe trail. ; - ,
--..'.:, ''They're : gone." , said .. '.; the captain;
The colonel; said nothing.; '.'.
;;¦ The, men "'ran "along the .streak of
gravel '"> int excited .-groups, 1 "* endeavoring
tqi aid % the :; two i struggling i figures j out
in mid i stream. *a One I of s the 'insurgents ]
plunged \ in j and ( swam '} tori the goat. . . * : ,
EriVSave Hhe $ 'hombre! 'j Save 5 the ,'hom-
As the mestizo merchant furnished
this information, the native "whom he
had introduced as Lala had j recovered
his : composure, and ; he • even -. made a
lame attempt at a f smile. He . and ; the
American j again seated :i themselves * at
the table ¦ and; resumed - their study of
the paper. . But ¦ the colonel could not
help noticing that his ¦- companion's
white trousers had torn? in 'the seam;
and .. through the ; rip was'- exposed - a
strlpof red cloth. ,' ¦.,,.<
;, Next day Diablo was missing. *> He
was hunted for for. miles . about,'- but
unsuccessfully. The;.;-f search .Cwas
abandoned in the afternoon on orders
that^ every ' man prepare himself v for
Not 6o the native, apparently. With
a scream he threw himself before a
crucifix hanging on the wall.
"Salvaml DIos! Salvami Dlos!" he
called frantically.
Diablo had flung himself into the
room In a second. He paused for an
instant, then rose on his hind legs and
came down with a roar on the kneel
ing native, rolling him over . on the
floor. Then the big creature jumped
over the prostrate body of the scream
ing man, bounded through the door
way, into the front room and out of
the entrance of the house, disappear
ing in the darkness outside.
The whole Incident occupied • less
than a minute. His first surprise over,
the American officer, restraining . his
laughter with much . difficulty, helped
the native to his feet. . who rose with
a face that was pasty white. The dis
turbance below had ceased. Inquiry
revealed the fact that a lamp had been
upset in a pile of straw, "which hap
pened also to be .the bed "< of Diablo,
but the basement of the house , being
all of stone, the fire had gone out of
itself. . • • ¦"'¦¦:
ana smoke of burning straw. The two
men sprang to their feet. 1 The com
motion below increased, then suddenly
the trap door flew -pen with a gust
of smoke and an excited and badly
frightened native boy dashed up and
out of the house, shouting "Incendlo!
Incendio!" (Fire! Fire!) Hardly had
he disappeared when there followed a
clatter on the stone stairway, and in
the opening, enveloped In a stream v of
smoke, rose the horns and face' and
pointed beard of what to. some might
have seemed a fearful apparition. But
the colonel knew Diablo when he saw
him.
Copyright, , 1904, by Albert Brltt.
stock to make *-a securities company
worth while. However, she let him
down as easily as she could by assur
ing him that when all the other men
in sight were dead or married she
might have time to consider his offer.
It was the same all the way down
the line until Harold began to think
that he was being squeezed by a cor
ner in the matrimonial market. All the
girls who were on. the floor seemed to
have all they could handle and Harold
wasn't able to dispose of any of his
holdings, even at a great sacrifice.
Meanwhile he was growing old and
whatever one may think about the
truth of the assurance that there are
always a few more fish of good quality
in the market. It Is an undoubted fact
that In the course of time the bait tends
to become a trifle stale and disfigured.
It had become a standing joke with the
eligible female persons of Stubblns
ville by thla time that Harold was .o
be knocked down "as often as he was
set up and It became a kind of a game
with them. Some of them were » col
lecting proposals from the poor unfor
tunate and every time they got to
gether at afternoon tea and gossip
fights they would exchange records and
the winner would receive a prize. One
girl had seventeen proposals from Har
old in one month and had the promise
of two or three more when he could get
around to her.
Harold had started out with the idea
that & man in an orchard should be
careful to select only the choicest
peaches. As he progressed down the
different rows and found all the desir
able fruit growing too high for him he
changed his mind and was willing to
take anything he could reach. But the
case here was as bad as on the first
trees that he struck— all were clinging
too tightly to the parent bough for
Harold and he could not find even one
small overripe* peach on the .ground.
When any dropped he always happenrd
to be down at the other, end of the row
and some one else Invariably came
along and picked It up before he could
get in sight of the tree.
At /last. In sheer desperation, he be
thought . him that there were other
orchards In the world, where aperslat
ent gentleman might be ab!i»* to do
something without a ladder. So he an
nounced that it was al! up with him
in . Stubbinsvllle and proceeded to hie
him to far Rhode Island to see what
he could do in a field where the ground
was not so closely worked. What fol
lowed Is a sad commentary on the
taste of Stubblnsvilli, or of Rhode Isl
and. He who hasthe courage to read
this moving tale may take his choice.
At any rate, HaroM , hadn't been in*
the new orchard a week before he had
gathered a peach from a tree two hun
dred years old.. To add to the discom
fiture of the Stubbinsville contingent
this particular peach which had fallen
into Harold's basket had a gold lining
and an attachment of railroad bonds
and oil stocks that made the best Stub
blnsville variety look like a last year's
crab apple.
Harold lives In ease and In a Fifth
avenue mansion and now when he goes
back tb ; Stubbinsvllle ] he , gives away
five dollar, bills with the same ease and
grace of manner with which he used to
give himself , away. It should be noted
further that; the Stubbinsville girls are
wondering how it was that they were
so . slow v to find out ..'. Harold's /good
points'' and are inventing new terms'df
feminine profanity to apply ; to; them
selves" when they, reflect on: how ,easily
and.' how" many tinies they might ] have
been i Mrs. Harold.
AH of which "goes to show J that i while
a" prophet may be without • matrimony
In his :ovirn country he has only,, to step
over; the ; State line 'to ';' find * matrimony :
and > profit I too. " ;
WITHOUT intending any un
necessary disrespect to that
ancient and more or less
venerated Institution, the
matrimonial state, it might
be said that In some respects It resem
bles the righteous flea which no man
pursueth— with very gratifying success.
Matrimony, like the other . venerable
and time-worn institution to which we
have referred, is -$ eldom to be found
where we look for it. More than one
man . has been compelled to lay | in a
supply of sackcloth' and ashes because
of his too confident pursuit of both
these elusive species.
This was the experience of Harold,
whose career we will now unfold, if It
Is not too badly creased. 'Harold had
an excellent reputation as a matrimo
nial hoodoo in the town of Stubbins
vllle. If any ambitious girl in the
place happened to be dreaming of do
mestic bliss with an oleander in a' blue
tub on the front porch she Immediately
changed her mind when Harold hove
Sn sight, and began to consider the
Joys of life In a nunnery-
It Is impossible to give any adequate
reason for this deplorable state of af
fairs. It must be accepted, like the
north pole and the ideal candidate for
the Presidency and the absolutely hon
est man; we have never seen any of
these things, ;but we know that tjiey
must exist somewhere. It's the same
way with Harold's Influence on the
matrimonlalexpectatlons of the female
portions of the population of Stubbins
ville. No one knew why It was. bad,
but the fact remained in the stubborn
manner peculiar" to unpleasant facts
like debts and bulldogs In watermelon
patches and other limitations of the
liberty of free born American citizens.
It was certainly! not Harold's fault
that he was such a blight. From his
earliest manhood he had been an as
piring candidate for matrimonial
honors and if there was a- girl In
Stubblnsville /whom he had not In
vited to come. and go hand in hand
with ¦ him ¦:; down the stream of life
it was because she could outrun Har
ald. '. He was constant, in season and
out of season, knocking at all the
doors on his beat and finding,most of
them locked. It was ho fault of his
that he was not married "three or four
times a week, and if all of his ex
pectations could have come within a
thousand miles of realization he
would have been married , so 'long' ago
that he would have got over telling
his friends what a bright thing 1 Har
old Jr. said -last night; : The first time
that Harold' essayed ; the running
broad jump to the matrimonial realm
he was met by, the old gag about ap
preciating the honor and all, that sort
of thing, but that a previous engage
ment would prevent the acceptance
of his flattering offer, and so on, and
so t on. , However,- the young . lady in
question assured : him ' that she would
try to be a sister to him.
• i Harold vwas more or less cast down
by this unexpected ending to hia
manly efforts, but he was not dis
couraged. He remembered the old
saying which originated with the
snake editor? of the' Eden -Times that
the rejection of contributions Implies
no lack? of 'merit, and determined to
have another try at it The next time
he ' was a little more i diplomatic and
opened up the campaign by sounding
the young' "lady * on her general
attitude toward matrimony. When he
assured that she had no'partic
ular¦•';prejudice against r . ( the state as
such^" although ;'she had. never 'tried it
herself,' he made :lhe. ! , proposition A " to
her;, that ;they.'organize ;a s trust' arid
"pool -their, holdings.^ .The}' young lady
,was^evldently.rmore > or; less surprised; 1
itf fact, .she 'did not seem'to'have;con
sidered , that V Harold, held enough
Migration and Matrimony
Fable for tHe FoolisK
bre!"» shouted the first lieutenant,
mixing his English and Spanish in the
excitement. But a voice above them
roared out— the colonel's:
"Damn the 'hombre!' Save the
goat I"
The native reached the' swimming
animal, but a warning cry from the
men ashore told him of his danger.
The Increasing current carried the
three down— down — down, toward the
narrowing gorge. A yell from ashore,
then a gleam of bright red shot up in
the foam. Then came a hoarse bel
low, the monstrous head and horns of
Diablo rose once and disappeared In
the whirlpool beyond.
The prisoner had reached a rock
and held on. A moment more and he,
too,, must go. But a man in brown
uniform with one end of a long bam
boo pole in his hand and the other end
held by the crowd ashore, i swam out
and was then pulled In with the ex
hausted native in his grasp.
Up on the trail the two veteran offi
cers observed all.
"Colonel." said .. the captain, "th«
devil certainly carried his objections
to red trousers a long way."
The old colonel looked thoughtful
for a moment.
"Captain," he Bald at last, "I think
you are mistaken, sir. I wasn't the
red trousers; it was what was in those
red trousers."
(Copyright. 1904, by Albert Son
nlchsen.)
THE origin of the Devil Is lost In
the obscurity of his early career.
We are not now referring to his
Satanic Majesty, but to a lesser
light— lesser to the world at large,
though far more brilliant to the little
sphere in which he lived and moved
and butted.
To the American soldiers who garri
soned San Ramon, in Northern Luzon,
and to the natives of the surrounding
district the Devil was a far more tang
ible object of comprehension than the
¦wider known prince of darkness, with
whom they had only an abstract ac-
Quaintance. Their Devil was a living,
moving, breathing power of evil, whose
evasion required the keenest control of
the physical senses, for wh-^n he came
on mischief bent it needed more mus
cular activity than prayer to get out
of his reach.
The natives had named him "Diablo
el Segundo." which means Devil the
Second. There were certainly strong
lines of comparison to merit him this
title. What the Devil may have been
In. the obscurity of his earlier life we
cannot tell, but as we knew him. In the
prime of his later career, his huge
horns and pointed chin, not forgetting
the cloven hoof, were strikingly sug
gestive of his namesake. The compari
son, however, was more than physical.
It was In temperament and in general
character that resemblance was strong
est.
When the boys of Company A took
San Ramon they found what at first
seemed an entirely deserted tc-wn.
Every man, woman and child had fled
with the last of the retreating insur
gents, and they had taken with them
every chicken, cat, dog. pig and horse
that the community owned. Even much
of the furniture had been carried away
from the houses. Evidently the Filipl
nos had decided to make their next
stand at some more advantageous
point, and as the men In khaki
marched in they expected no resist
ance. But there is where they made
their mistake.
The company lined up in the bis
shaded plaza and there proclaimed
American sovereignty by raising the
colors. This ceremony had just been
completed when there appeared a
startling apparition in the open doors
of the municipal town hall, facing the
plaza on the north side. A huge,
bearded goat stalked out on the steps
and stood for a moment regarding
them with a marked expression of dis
approval on his satanic face, Which
was in no wise lessened by the rem
nant of a soldier's castaway coat sus
pended from his massive jowls. This
was he who was yet to be handed
down to local fame as "Diablo."
Being native born, it may naturally'
be supposed that Diablo's political
tendencies were in favor of the Fili
pino cause. At any rate, having sized
up the enemy's position in the plaza,
he dropped the coat, lowered his
head and charged the line of dust
colored troops. At first a laugh arose
from the men, but as the champion of
the absent insurgents gained momen
tum in his wild charge for the com
pany center, some of the men shifted
uneasily, then scrambled quickly to
both sides, as the ponderous beast cut
his way through. Having missed the
sergeant who had been the object of
his eepeclal attack, he turned again,
and then the brown ranks wavered and
a wild panic broke loose.
The captain shouted commands to
which were attached ords not good
to hear, but this unexpected sort of
attack had demoralized all discipline.
The bandstand and the stone fence
rurroundlng bristled with men; only
the captain stood his ground. And
when at last the enemy turned on him,
he, too, dodged and sought refuge
with his men.
Having won " hat he considered a
complete victory, Diablo withdrew to
the end of the plaza to contemplate
the confusion he had wrought in the
enemy's ranks, proclaiming his tri
umph with loud noises that were more
bellows than the "baas" of his kind.
Evidently he was satisfied to rest on
his laurels, for when the men reas
sembled in ranks, he made no further
hostile demonstration and disappeared
behind the walls of the municipal
town hall.
Next day he appeared again, but In
a more peaceful mood. The first ser
geant approached him with a wisp of
straw, and thla Diablo accepted as a
peace offering. Later he came over
to the barracks and mingled with the
men, and while some were for re
trieving the defeat of the day before,
the majority were glad to accept the
truce that Diablo offered.
Thus their acquaintance began. Di
ablo saw that these men in brown uni
forms were not such bad fellows after
all. and accepted their presence with a
philosophical equanimity not to be
disturbed by further serious strife. It
is to be suspected that his combative
ness of the first day was prompted
as much by a desire for personal glory
as by patriotic motives, for now that
he was accorded all the respect due
to a warrior of his caliber, he teemed
to think no more of his fighting com
patriots In the nearby hills.
Not long after this the native fami
lies of San Ramon began to return
to their deserted homes, bringing
with them their household goods.
They, too, were beginning to learn
that the Yankees were pretty decent
fellows, and, comparatively harmless,
except In flghL Perhaps Diablo
would have removed even this latter
quanuca'woh, but then ne could judge
only by his own one experience. He
had won where others had lost.
The Americans learned something of
Diablo's antecedents from the return
ing natives. He had been brouKht
there by a company of insurgent regu
lars from the Tagalog country as a
mascot. He had always been on fair
ly good terms with them, except that
he occasionally displayed a very hasty
temper when offended. He had strong
likes and dislikes, and his dislikes
usually outnumbered his likes. The red
trousers of the insurgent cavalry uni
form were especially distasteful to his
esthetic sense. There had been only
one cavalry officer in San Kamon In
those days, a Colonel Lala. who was
there on some vague mission for the
Tarlac Government, and he. or • his
trousers, became the object of Di
ablo's bitterest animosity. Whenever
the colonel appeared in the plaza
Diablo's most intimate friends could
not hold him back, and the colonel
found it safer to keep indoors. He
openly advocated death for the coat,
but the discipline of the already half
shattered insurgent army was then too
loose to permit of such tyrannical pro
ceedings. With all his faults the Tag
olog regulars still had a genuine regard
for their camp follower. That he had
- not been taken along in the retreat
showed only how hard pressed they
had been.
As time passed Diablo became , ap
parently as used to his white asso
ciates as he had been to the -brown.
He formed a rather intimate friend
ship with the first sergeant, who had
been the object of his special animosity
the first day. Him he would sometimes
honor with a formal visit at quarters,
but toward the rest of the men, includ
ing the colonel, who sometimes came
up from Vigan, Diablo's attitude was
one of contemptuous toleration. If he
met them in the narrow streets he eave
them just one-half of the right of way
— not an inch more.
Diablo's attitude toward women wan
peculiar. • It was a fact that any hu
man figure above a certain age that
wore skirls was an object to be ac
tively avoided. The Colonel's wife
came up from Vigan several times,
and at once made overtures of friend
ship to Diablo, but with calm dignity
he refused to meet her advances. He
showed no less aversion toward the.
native women. If he met them in the
street he carefully stepped aside with
a chilly politeness and allowed them
to pass.
But strange to say, when it came to
children, his prejudices underwent •»'
complete reversion. Small boys h?
could not endure. Little girls needed
no introductions to become his friends;
for them he even showed a marked
fondness. They might pull his beard
or punch his ribs or even crawl upon
his back, and he tolerated all with
a patience simply astounding in one
of his otherwise hasty temperament.
Bananas or turnips from their hands
were especially delicious. Toward all
of them he was distinctly paternal.
It was the one soft spot in his world
hardened character.
Little Mercedes, the daughter of a
local tobacco merchant, was once lost
for a whole day. The surrounding
jungles were searched ' by American
soldiers and natives for many hours
until near sunset, when she was found
some distance up the mountain, mak
ing faces and calling- names to the
nervous little jungle monkeys. Had
she been alone she might have been in
some danger, but Diablo was found
patiently watching her from under a
nearby mango tree. He had followed
and kept his eye on her the whole
day, and when they found her, he
abruptly left and trotted back to
town.
Thus months passes, and. except for
a few lively encounters with various
men, both Filipinos and Americans,
who were absent-minded enough to
forget Diablo's prejudices against cer
tain ¦ peculiarities of dress, life In San
Ramon was peaceful enough. It was
not until it was rumored that the in
surgent guerrilla leader. Ttno, was
coming do-wn from the north that the
monotony of the tedious garrison life
was broken.
Then began the hikes into the neigh
boring hills. Several times the boys
had slight skirmishes with TIno's men,
but no great harm was done to either
elde. A few prisoners were brought
in and an American corporal was
¦wounded, but Tino's game just then
was to lie low until the rainy season.
One evening the officers were gath
ered at mess, when'a native boy came
in and silently delivered a letter to the
colonel himself. He opened it, read it
and then hastily excusing himself rose
and left the room. It was quite dark
as he made his way across the plaza
and entered the house of a local mer
chant, a rich mestizo known to be fa
vorable to the American cause for busi
ness reasons.
The colonel was met at the door by
the mestizo himself, who conducted him
into a rear room of the house. "There,
seated in a large cane chair, was a
second native, also a mestizo, whose
yellow face was none the more attrac
tive for a long, stringy, black mus
tache. As the two men entered he rose
and bowed.
"Dis ees Colonel Lala," said the mer
chant and bowing he left the military,
men together. The two seated them-'
selves close together and spoke in low
tones, the American listening mainly,
but occasionally nodding hia head.
Finally the native drew from an inner
pocket of his civilian white drill coat
a paper, thereby exposing the finely
Btrlped white and blue uniform coat of
an insurgent officer. He hastily rebut
toned the outer coat and ,¦ spread the
paper before the colonel on a small
table.
The two men were still examining
this paper when a noise below caused
them to raise their beads. In the rear
of the' room was a" trap door of light
bamboo, covering: "a stone S etepway
that descended to the • basement. Sud
denly there came a louJ crash .with a'
splintering of glass: from between
the cracks of the floor rcse the smell
THE * FRANCISCO M SUNDAY CALK
COLONEL LALA'S
SPECIAL DEVIL
5A WOMAN'S WILL, Anne Warner;
Little, Brown & Co., Boston; Illus
trated ; orlce . tl 50.
BY THE GOOD SAINT ANNE,
Anna Chapin Ray; Little, Brown & Co.,
Boston; price $1 25.
' .WHERE THE TIDE COMES. IN,
Lucy Meacham Thurston; Little, Brown
& Co.. Boston; illustrated: price $1 60.
.""„" THE . STORY OF KING SYLVAIN
AND QUEEN AIMEB, Margaret Sher
wood; the* Macmillan Company, New
York: illustrated.
STONY : LONESOME. Arthur J.
Russell; Rand. McNally & Co., Chi
cago; illustrated ; r price $1-
EVEN THY ALTARS. G. J. F.; tt«
Nunc; Licet Press, Philadelphia; pricft
75 cents.
New Books Received.
; There were . his Majesty himself/ black
as a : hatter : i and Va. ; good I fellow ;
Colonel ' Judd/ Lord * High! Chamberlain ;
Mr. ? Armstrong, i Minister l\ of r.i State
worthy : both— arid ¦" Robert,*i'an
ex-German * : Baron/^ then^serving •". as
valet to the royal person. ; This^ was t the
Imposing^ muster/ of npibtables j that ; set
forth ; f rorrii the]baJniy I lslesTofUhieJ Pa
cific; to rrecelve'thV"; homage V 6f ; an Tawer
struck „ world.'l' But | they,*, were :? not - so
sure /'of ,? the, homage ;' adjunct-, to
trip/ Says 'Armstrong: -'-*'; : ; : '- :
/"Butbecause our country .was only, a
few/dotS; or .'elevations in , the Pacific
•TT* HEY carried*, the royal 'Hawaiian
I . standard in a little tin box, timor-
I ousiy/modestiy. -When they thought
w \ that they might 'not be snubbed
they hoisted ; it v to the masthead " and
stood in Napoleonic • pose, while , the
thunder, of . the nation's warships /did
them honor. They dinediwith. Emper
ors' and Princes/ or : else, they .took their
meals at a restaurant when invitations
were not : f orthc6inirig. i ,.They. were/ given
aud ience' by i the* Pope ; and . back ; talk by
a Philadelphia Jehu.' Of i this," arid THOWch
more \that ¦¦ is -overflowing y. withTaJ rich
humor arid genial 'fun/ read ; in ] William
K. v Armstrong's i reminiscences I of { Kins
Kalakaua's tour^ of .theTworld/; He calls
It ''Afourid the World With a" ; Klng." -
When a Monarch
Xiirds the Globe
QIVEN six persons sitting in . a
darkened room of a peaceful sum
mer's evening, but one exit from
that room is open and within
plain view of all, every window but
one is closed and that exception Is
raised a few inches only; suddenly one
of these persons' leaps to his feet with
the wild cry that he has been stabbed
and within three minutes he is dead,
with only a slight scratch upon the
neck to show where the assassin's blow
fell; how would tou solve that mys
tery*? That is the puzzle offered in' the
opening chapters of "The" Darrow
Enigma," by Melvln Severy. Surely, no
detective story ever had a more
striking inception. Even 'the bloody
word *'Rache," which gave \ the only
clew to Sherlock Holmes in his "Study
in Scarlet" was something more tangi
ble and ready of explanation than this
sudden murder dropped Into the midst
of a room full of people.
A detective story, when It is good, is
a strong tonic to the satiated taste of
the omnivorous reader. The unraveling,
bit toy bit, . of a seemingly Inexplicable
mystery, the clever, Inductive reasoning
which builds : up from trivial circum
stances a convincing scheme of proof,
the false clews, the blind gro'pings after
lost threads jn the.mystery which keep
the reader nerved up to' a' tension— these
are the charms" of v the ',' detective story
which ; have . fascination. : "The . Darrow
Enigma" .is one oMiiap. It"^ Is well
¦written " in . the . main, w*rh ; an interest
very evenly, sustained "and a denoue
ment startling in its sudden 'subversion
"Darrow Enigma."
Is a Thriller
There are ; now^over eight', hundred
American > teachers ;'in ' the '. Philippine
state "schbols,' v and" they' are ably | assist
ed '- by - 3000 Filipino teachers, t who ; were
especially -prepared - for ; the [ work. The
primary schools \ number; 2000/ and ¦ they
have a daily /attendance; of "morel than
200,000 naUve children.*; Visitors \ to the
HE Philippines and Far East,"
"'* * I - b y Hom er C. Stuntz, ,1s one "of
I the latest works deallns with
\ /^ the American occupatlonof the
islands and some of the more important
political questions arising from their
retention. .
The author is a; missionary in .: the
Philippines, attached ,to the Methodist
church. He writes with strong religious
bias,' and devotes a large portion of the
book . to ; eulogies .of v- the various
Protestant missions -and denunciations
of their . inveterate ' opponents, ~ the
priests and friars of the Roman Catho
lic church,, who' have long been settled
in the . islands, , and are ¦ no at : actually
feeling the effects oftheicompetition of
the hustling • Protestant -.missionaries,
and 'the Filipino Catholic church' that
Is . advancing to the front under, the
leadership of Agllpay and other apos
tate Roman i Catholic priests. Notwith-;
standing 'these palpable .defects, .the
.work ' a is ., not without considerable ', In
terest to. the general reader.*
-The book opens~ '. with a general r ac
count 'of the islands/ their > history , and
people. Then ' follow "chapters relating
to the I Roman church/the friar land
question," the i resources of the islands,
the government and financial -institu
tions, commerce 1 and -international "re
lations/ Stuntz 'puts in '. his best work
when dealing: .with - problems relating
to the- education of the natives. It
was - > clearly, r recognized • by the
early "American - officials that the
Philippines- can / only become satis
factorily • civilized : : by . means >f '- "a
thoroughly; efficient "> system .\of ; state
education; .but' as there are' over, seven
ty different tribes In the Islands; speak -
ing as different tongues, - the
educational ,• problems were ". unusually
'complez^.Vand ' difficult. The author,
however/, believes t that ; the Qoy ernment
has grappled with them In a most capa
ble manner - and : he i pays ¦ a .tribute ¦• to
the system .of . state : schools ; that has
been ' successfully, introduced. *. » .. ' •"
Present Needs
of Philippines
them by> legislative means. 'The;vari
'ous anti-trust bills'in England and this
country, are "'¦ ainied at one form of ; the
• corneri ng^ game ; ', ; but . not ihe • wor stl
- The ' monopolization ¦ of the .steel, ; - oil,
light 'and fuel markets; and; of -.the
; shares ;.£ in,* railway/and ship-owning
corporations that - provide ; the -sole
means of transportation between large
populations ! and | which lead ? to . the
' continuous -fleecing of the i>eople
duce evilV thatare, patent to every one.
Their: extent;' however,* is insignificant
;in l comparison, to that produced by the
cornering of the rr.w products*, of ' the
manufacturing. Industries and --of the
variou? metals .and' foodstuffs - . by " ex
change, sainblers, end it - is ; a singular
fact, as .Smith /, points out, ; .that, al
though «very nation excepting 1 ' Amer
ica arid Oreat Uritairi possesses strong
onactmfcnt« against gambling ;in fu
tures, these two leading nations of the
day openly suffer- the flagrant prac
tice uf v.-ha t lsVclearly -¦ a most sub
yerslvo and depressive i hindrance* to
conun.eroial expansion^ ¦ ;•;¦;) '.' ' '
.The* author- believes Uhat this per
nicious evil 13 susceptible "of easy^ cur
tailment ;or. , evert- complete suppres
sion by simple riieans "and he! asserts
the opinion that all , {-/government- has
to do i? to enact that ibear" operations
of I flctitlous" - dealings Tare illegal- and
that- all -exchange:; gambling-'-"differ
ences" are 'irrecoverable at . law, like
horse- race- gambling; debts. .Then
trade' will .quickly 'regain .^normal
'healthy. 1 -. conditions. " '. ' .': ,:"
i; Smith .exhibits; a. good mastery of
polemical advocacy, and treats his sub
ject in 'a, strenuous, convincing 'man
ner^ His 7 w6rk contalnsa large amount
of tmatter that throws a new light
upon vjirious- economic issues relating
to the effects of the cornering > of, mar
kets "and industries.' ] It [ will ¦ afford^in
terest to ; those who seek' to- fqllow'the
latest developments ' in th^ higher
.branches' of economic and j financial
legislation ; and are desirous ? of i gain
ing "aTclear insight into. the stupend
ous, far-reaching revolutions" in finan
cial methods': now' In progress in: Eng
land that the ; followers of Chamber
lain *are so vigorously . endeavoring ! to
oppose. • ; -.- ; ¦' ¦ . \' -¦ ! : -- '"•'",'.•'¦"¦
(P. \S. ' King - '& , Son," London; price
2s:6dl)" V^" *•¦--'.;•*¦/ "¦':-¦'•;¦''¦
.marriage vow an oath taken. on«je arid
forever, ' leadsT.herV to [keep green^the
loy-f of her f "busband;Uhe calls. of. flesh
and ¦¦'/ bldou'^v which" , \ lea . th^-J^ hus
band Jaway are^strbng for the tnomerit
only: ¦ and \then* fall*, before , thfl^higher
beck i?f the^ Eoul.^Thlslis'atreh&rkable
study, of the primal Insjllncts.iri^uman-
i ty { wh ich . tlie author' makes here.i The
contest ;between" the spiritual and the
'fleshly, she bodiesjforth with a search-;
ing. penetra.tion.T,.Th*e chastening' -of the
eouI ' by . the promptings of ..the heart' is
the change worked in both the man and
the woman'of this^story. : r^' - > . *':
"'The story has alesson tc,- teachi .This
object" .of its .being negatives '-.-• any
province of mere amusing," for if can
not_amuse. The^book is 'a moving one*'
a^harrowing one' it 1 may be to thuse of
tender;sympathle3^it is written with a
keen," nervous energy; butyet there is
still that, jarring. note. *
(McClure. Phillips & Co., New York;
price 51 50.)
Noteworthy Book
i on Trade JRbuses
, : >% "HARLES W. SJIITH. a noted
|: English writer' on economic and
financial topics, some' months ago
\rN addressed a to
Mr., Chamberlain r. denouncing, . his
new protection scheme and attributing
thei British financial < troubles, not to
free trade, r but .'solely ¦ to ; the /gambling
propensities' that • have -been so exten
sively, developed among financial men
during the past few decades, 'which
have led to wild struggles :iriT gambling
in "futures,"- or the buying and selling
of hypothetical goods without" any. tan
gible security. .This letter was ignored
by Chamberlain, so the .' author has
published it in book form,- with numer
ous • addenda ; and appendices, together
with outlines of the laws of various
countries relating to such' speculations'.
Dealing in futures is not, as some are
inclined to believe, a modern method of
gambling. Smith quotes M/Vercamer,
a celebrated French .writer 'on econom
ics, who has shown in his book.- on
"Gambling on • 'Change ' . and Term-
Transactions" that ¦_ the
Phoenicians, Romans ¦ and . Greeks in
dulged in it to an ex lent; that rendered
legislative ; Interference -necessary, "and
he ; quotes . copious - extracts from v the
Justinian; Code -and the writings !of
Cicero and Tacitus referring to the an
cient methods of suppression, that show
a wide grasp -of. the perniciousness of
the vice. But f to-day the evil has
reached \ enormous proportions; arid is
seriously Imperiling the v commerce of
the leading nations. -- Smith very, plaus
ibly CTiows that" the decline [of "certain
English \ industries and ;• the depression
in the cotton manufacturing^ centers
are, to a considerable extent," if notTeri
tirely.f due 'to gambling in futures after
the manner, of those exchange manipu
lations that recently : landed . Sully and
h|s f New York 1 associates ' in ; serious
financial embarrassments.^' *- : _ x .".,' •'¦'!•'
¦ There can \ be 'no doubt ' that the run
ning; uo of values of commodities, like
wheat, ; copper,? iron,'; tin vor „' cotton i.'' to
figures 'altogether out * of proportion ¦ to
those required- by the simple '<¦, economic
laws (ot , supply > and de jnand must > be
far reaching • in Its effects.
Neither ; the producers nor the' consum
ers are .benefited / inj: the /, least . de
gree by ,\ the '% exchange /'manipulations,
as - ; they,, are " purely i settled 7 asf "dlff er T
ences," like - L the ' insurance "if on \ overdue
ships or; bets on horseraces. --Their ef
fects on -trade are generally, exceeding
ly complex. t ; 'I^HMBBSi^SS^SSra
;The: , iniquities, of .this ." cankerjin
commercial circles" 1 are .becoming recog
nlzed\ by? the , more J enlightened "econo
mists and politicians,'! and~*; many en
deavors "/are, * being f made /.to "remedy
short of. being" a* very 'powerful
book. ' Perhaps It is that thV reader
la repelled ': by ' the very . unusual de-.
velopment of the plot— revolted might
be a word more specific— and is thus
prejudiced against recognition of the
strength and the tremendous didactic
spirit with which it is instinct. Per
haps, this very plot concept seems
so unnatural, so opposed to all one ex
pects to ' find in human nature, . that it
fails to convince." For herein the author
gives >us a woman, . divorced, who sees
her husband marry again and become
apparently enthralled by the charms
of -his new, love, yet who keeps a place
for, him in her suffering.. and: shamed
heart as steadfastly as if he were yet
hers, and is nay happy, to de
light in that man's vagrant affection
when he brings it* remorsefully; back to
his first hearthstone. . Out of this situa
tion the . author .' makes undeniably
strong material,, she develops 'the emo
ticnal strength and intellectual strug
gles inherent with , a .wonderful vigor,
but her very premises^ seem strained.
Has \ the woman no pride ' that she
should welcome this erring affection,
come. back at second hand? '¦ Has any
man of the least modicum of moral
strength .'.the absolute lack of honor
that 1 will prompt him . to such a .servile
fawning as this man of KeaysV story?
Yet itmust be admitted. that even with
this outre' order of things the story has
the power' to impel the sympathetic at
tention of 'the reader -so mightily that
it is only when ,the- last page; is. turned
that -he pauses and "seeks to 'discover
just what that thing is which has made
this book fail of ; real worth. : ¦; '-: '
Upon the ; order of 'some , of ; Hall
Calne's novels, is "He ,< That; Eateth
Bread : With . Me," In' that ;; its v whole
tenor is one "of -terrible ¦ tragedy— the
tragedy, of ; grief sitting. 1 in;. the* heart
night by '< night^without 'surcease. , '
Caine ' sought, in .""The ; Manxman" I to
ply the fiery whips of the nemesis born
of a love beyond ;the . law ;* in' this novel
Keays pictures the tragedy, of fan* illicit'
love , t sanctioned ; • .by „' the : divorce iVourt.
.With', terrible earnestness ;,there . is ; por
trayed j the .agony' ;ofi"*'i. wife
and/ the . bitter 'regrets . of f the.- husband
penitent. ' The ; high,* spiritual tone ) of
the wife's ! affection, H which : sees in a
BY some indefinable i.Iack H. A.
Mitchell Keays' novel "He That
Eateth Bread With/Me" falls juat
JJ: Somber Study
of Hutnari Hearts
ot all .the reader's, anticipations,'- is^ as
satisfying" a "tale of - mystery .and 'it's
solution as -'the most insistent j disciple
of Gabpriau or Conan Doyle could 1 wish
for. "•' r.:/>. ¦• rv: - ; ;' : ¦'¦'¦''': '-' '' -¦¦
There -is one feature ' of t^e* story
which the" aulho'r-mlght%have, omitted
with iirofit and that ; is the ''. sbmewha t
wearisome^, incident about the:unpleas
ant Rarna* Ragobah. ;the ; bloodthirsty
Brahman who was ; just', itching to. re
venge ¦himself'" for the' love that" ,was
stolen from him. % -With' long excerpts'
from native" Indian testimony concern
ing this, same 'precious. Ragobah >: and
with accounts *of improbable hypnotic
influences the author .wanders ; a con
siderable distance- from' 1 ,! his story .ami
can only get back again by^the ¦ very
timely .'. and highly convenient'sulcide
of his Brahman. With his detective
away from the mysteridus East. . how
ever, and working out a very intricate
synthetical solution , -.to,, the • problem,
Severy is far more satisfactory* . The
climax of the story is meet recompense
for the lag in the Indian enisode.,
(Dodd, Mead-& Co., New York;'illus
trated; price, $1 SO.) ." rV ¦. •
Ocean, an insignificant affair so far as
' royal territory went, we modestly an
ticipated i no . royal receptions. If the
monarchs, ; the. brothers of my royal
master, gave him a brief audience and
shook his hand it would be, we thought,
after the manner of rich and powerful
men who gTeet an obscure relation by
extending two fingers of the hand. and.
If generous, serve 'him ' some refuse
meat in . a side chamber. We were
ready to.be satisfied if we received the
slightest greeting, and in order to avoid
embarrassment had our lncognltoNlress
at hand, so that w'e cauld quickly jump
into it.". + ,
-.What befell this cavalcade of. royalty
the author recounts .with amusing
frankness/ Sometimes they were
snubbed or merely overlooked. .. Coun
tries which ; had a "friendly interest"—
rare .diplomatic term that— in the af
fairsof the Hawaiian state vied with
one another , to do the dusky monarch
honor. In Japan he was entertained
by the, Emperor as. a mark of personal
regard. China didn't know that* such a
person as kalakaua I existed— of ficlal
ly that is, arid. hesitated, not to mani
fest that ignorance.. Edward. VII., then
Prince of Wales, took the royal visitor . :
at his true.- worth and made him the
lion of the social swim during his stay
in England. Germany, '-^Spain and
Portugal all ; accorded him \ generous
hospitality. » •
Without hurt to the memory of .this
last of a kingly race, Mr. Armstrong'
livens his narrative with a sly lifting
of the curtain from off royalty, show
ing the childlike naivete and the old
foibles of his late royal master. When
he was doubtful about his reception
Kalakaua was very near common born
democracy; when he was all aglow,
with" the lavish blandishments of a
fellow> monarch the" Hawaiian King
could carrv . the mien of Olympian
Jove. The Idea of the divine right of
kings impressed him as being just the'
thing to fill a long-felt want in Hawaii.
Kings' playthings in uniform delighted
him as a child. This part of the au
thor's story, this good natured . dissec
tion of a monarchial ego, 'is the best
part of , a good book.
(F. A. Stokes & Co., New York;
Whitson lays the opening scenes of
his story in the great woods of Arkan
sas. Dick Brewster, a young hotheaded
giant, is forced into a murderous quar
rel with the county bully through his
love for a weak little comely faced girl;
a fight ensues. Dick believes that he is
guilty of his rival's murder and soon
finds himself sentenced to a life Im
prisonment. Through tho kindly offices
of a fellow-prisoner in his place of tem
porary detentfon the young hero es
capes from Jail and immediately sets
forth to lose himself in the "Nation."
where no questions are asked of any
man. It Is in. following the ensuins:
fortunes .of Dick Brewster that the au
thor puts his tale into the great, broad
swing of the Western prairies. Dick is
whirled into the great land boom which
swept over Western Arkansas twenty
years ago, and there in the hurry and
rush of this wild life of speculation on
the wind-swept prairies Dick Brewster.
under an assumed name, tries to live
down the blot which he feels to-be tar
nishing his soul. . It is not until he has
gained the love of the daughter of
the very Judge, who sentenced him
that the gathering shadow of exposure
at the hands of a rascally fellow who
had recognized him is suddenly dis
pelled by the confession of the man
whose stealthy knife thrust had put
the ptamp of murder upon the hero.
With Dick Brewster freed from all blot
and stain and happy in a true love the
story ends. ; ¦^¦l i - >>'¦" '¦'
In his delineation of cowboy charac
ter Whitson is particularly, happy. Jim
Prethro. the . squaw ' man and roving
son of the plains, is a refreshingly
breezy individual— true cowboy, a type
which has been greatly contorted and
exaggerated in recent fiction.' he is pic
tured by Whitson with none of the
hackneyed fantasy of drawing that has
made the genus a modern Harlequin
in many recent books. In stirring: inci
dent the story is not lacking. The fight
between Brewster. Prethro and his
squaw, squatting behind their broncos,
and the desperadoes under Stone Face
is Intensely vivid and ' thrilling with
dramatic force. The well -drawn pic
ture of the blizzard is another feature
which makes this story one of sus
tained Interest.
(Little, Brown & Co.. Boston; Illus
trated; price $1 50.) ';,;' ; ; ;;/3
factory cnaracter of the cprmg fiction
is the one mentioned in the foregoing
introductory paragraphs, "The Rain
bow Chasers." by John H. Whitson.
By his first book, "Barbara, a Woman
of the West." Mr. Whitson gave prom
ise of doing good work in the typical
Western story, but his latest story, has
shot beyond the mark of that promise;
it is as vigorous, as stalwart, a story
of the plains as any similar novel writ
ten, excepting neither those of Owen
Wlster nor of Hamlin Garland. It has
a strong, pulsing life to it and a cer
tain fine reflection of the. largeness and
f ruitf ulness of th« country it depicts
which make it a story that holds not
only through incident but by its at
mosphere.
From his too earnest desire simply
to embellish the marvelously romantlo
annals of La ¦ r *-"*ys life, Orcutt has
sacrificed every canon of story telling
as has been hinted above. So- closely
does he stick to the absolute chron
ology of -the' events in the life of his
hero that at times the thread of his
etory has to be suddenly dropped until
its central figure can go off and per
form some deed which history, says h*
performed on that day and month. Ha
goes to France and Versailles, not be
cause his going develops any crucial
situation in the story, but evidently
because history declares that he did
so do.'
After reading . Orcutt's "Robert Cav
elier" one cannot but be sorely disap
pointed, for he must feel that tha
author has sadly overlooked opportu
nities for a really fine story.
(A. C. McClurg & Co., Chicago; Illus
trated in ' color; price 51 60.)
f± LAS! fine feathers do not maks
rJ fine birds, nor rare bookbinder's
| ¦• craft a good novel. "Robert Cave
f ;•- lier," a romance of Sieur da La
Salle by William Dana Orcutt, Is per
fect as to tasty illustrations, delicate
decorative headings and fine typo upon
"heavy watermarked paper, but the
story itself— that is not much. The au
thor says that the life or the famous
explorer is .in itself a romance which
needs little embellishment to become a
narrative of the utmost fascination. He
therefore Droceeds to add here and
there a little of this unnecessary em
bellishment, always with a careful eye
to • the records of the historians— too
careful, indeed, to make for unity in his
story — with the result' that he gives us
something which Is neither good fiction
nor good, history.
Mr. Orcutt must have realized when
first he sat him down to his task that
even a few years from the busy life
of La Salle contained so much of inci
dent and so varied a field of activity
that the narrow confines of one story
could scarce bring out of it all an un
broken.thread of unity. Either he must
take the' heroic figure of La Salle and
weave about it a romance which took
not too assiduous note of historical
fact, or he must endeavor to build upon
facts a superstructure of romance
which should bend to the conformities
of story structure. Orcutt elected to
do the latter, and hejias failed of mak
ing a good story by just tne measure
of his InabiJIty to fit the rules of fic
tion to the "recountal of facts of his
tory.
The raison d'etre of a romance of
La Salle must be the , compelling In
terest in his explorations alor.g the
Mississippi; that is what singles him
out from all the other worthies of New
France and not the fact that he was
at outs with the Jesuits or that he
was a commander of troops under
Frontenac. The epic significance of
his fearless Journeyings through path
less wildernesses and down waters
which had known the keel of no white
man's boat is what should be the key
note and the predominating strain
through all of Orcutt's story; that 13
the fetory in any romance of La Salle's
life. Yet in this novel, the French Voy
ager's journeys of exploration Into the
Mississippi country are treated only as
incidents; the account of his rather
colorless experiences at the court of
Louis Qua torze is given more attention
than his second > expedition into . the
Illinois country and his final discovery
of the Father of Waters. Instead of
devoting the whole of the story to tha
fascinating romance of exploration, of
bold advances into the darkness of thm
unknown, and the grappling with grim
powers of nature, the author prefers to
make those things incidental merely to
a very commonplace story of true lor*
under difficulties.
Facts Retouched
to Make Fiction
> OW • that the spring freshet of
K I fiction is welling through the
J\| channels already worn smooth
I \ by t,he floods that have gone be-
I fore and the publishers tell us
#/. that the highwater mark for the
output of this season of the year has
been reached and passed, it is not
•without profit to take a gauge of what
has been given us to read and en
deavor to ascertain the character of
the fiction which will be the output
for the year. Though the publishers
aver that the fall books are the ones
that count the most, both from the
practical point of view of net profits
and from the standpoint of artistic
worth. It seems that the product of the
first months of the year indicates cer
tain formative tendencies in novels of
the hour, pointing to characteristics
which must be representative of the
whole output.
When one casts his eye over th»
lengthy list of tales already published
he must be struck at once with the
preponderance of strictly American
6toriesr The fashion, put in vogue not
long ago. that favors tales of a strong,
racy American flavor, heightened by a
setting of local color, has developed
into a Bch^>ol of writing that bounds
itself about with geographical lines.
To the stories of New England, of the
South and West which were strongly
characteristic ¦ of the fiction of 1903
there have already been made several
noteworthy additions — additions which
carry strength and may serve to fix
the style for many seasons to come
perhaps. Miss Ellen Glasgow's "The
Deliverance," like Frank Norris* "Th«
Pit" of last spring, one of the first und
strongest books of the season, has the
powerful local flavor of the tobacco
belt of Virginia. "TiUie, a Mennonitd
Maid." Helen R. Martin's book, de
velops the Pennsylvania Dutch coun
try- Elliot Crayton McCants has
chosen the Carolinas for his "In the
Red Hills." "Henderson." by Rose E.
Young, has Missouri for its theater.
"The Rainbow Chasers" of John H.
Whitson Is a strong tale of Arkansas.
Thus the tale of the story of sectional
setting runs.
The novel of affaire — business, poli
tics, promotion and speculation — has
not had such representative exponents
as it did in the year past. Norrls* "The
Pit." Alfred Henry Lewis' "The Boss,"
Brand Whitlock's "The Thirteenth Dis
trict" have not been equaled
by Spearman's "The Close of
the Day." Brady's "The Cor
per in Coffee" or Robert Shackle
ton's "The Great Adventurer."
The story of bull and bear, as the
Btory of politics, has its limitations. It
would seem that all the opportunities
which these classes of* fiction present
have been exploited pretty thoroughly
and that the vogue must depart as a
passing fancy.
The historical novel, despite all of
the prophecies of the wise ones. Is with
us yet. True, it probably reached its
heyday with Weyman's rare tales and
the romances of Conan Doyle, Edward
Major and Dr. S. Weir Mitchell, but
Mary Johnston's powerful tale of th«?
Spanish main. "Sir Mortimer," must in
Itself demonstrate that there is yet
some good that can come out of the
hallowed past. Besides her rtory the
Indefatigable Crockett has furnished
another Scottish tale under the cap
tion "Strong Mac"; Josephine Caroline
Sawyer has harked back to chivalry
for "All's Fair In Love"; "Robert Cav
clier." by William .Dean Orcutt, deals
with the period of discovery in Amer
ican history. "Order No. 11" is Caro
line Abbot Stanley's vivid tale of the
Civil "War. The historical novel has
evidently builded for Itself a place in
our fiction of no vcr v evanescent a
character. It undoubtedly fills a void
in the scheme of almost every reader's
literary appreciation, for, when well
written — save the mark when it is not
— It is something to awaken the imag
ination to healthy activity.
There is one class of fiction which
seems to be taking a new lease of life
unto itself and that is the fiction of
mystery, of the cabalistic and the im
aginative. Within the last three months
there have been published three rat
tling good detective stories, to say
nothing of the reincarnation of Sherlock
Holmes In one of the weeklies. Then
Dram Stoker has given us "The Jewel
of Seven Stars," certainly a book cal
culated to make one afraid to look be
hind his chair while reading it; John
Carting has written "The Viking's
Skull," grisly enough; "When It Was
Dark," Guy Thome's book, has a title
suggestive of its Etory. All of these
tales have a wealth of imaginative
power and strength of invention which
must make them favorites with the
readers. Judging from this strong re
vival of the school of Poe, Wllkle Col
lins and Gautler. it would not be a
wild venture to predict that the present
year is going to witness a distinct ad
vance Into favor again of this fascinat
ing style of literature.
The year is too young yet to permit
of an essay at the quality of the fiction
which Is to be given us. With London
and John Fox away at the seat of war,
Mark Twain rusticating In Italy, and
the ranks of the writers thinned by the
untimely deaths of Gissing. Guy Wet
more Carryl and Henry Seton Merri
man, some of the burden of amusing
the great reading public must fall upon
new and untried shoulders. The pres
ent season has been marked by a
greater number, of new authors who
have' "broken in" to fiction than ever
before. Ezra Brudno's name appears
for. the. first time upon a book which
has been one of the notable ones of the
spring season— "The Fugitive." Eliza
beth Miller, another new comer, has
written something promising in "The
Yoke." Ellen Glasgow,, heretofore
somewhat obscure and not altogether
pleasing in her morbid psychological
stories, has shown by "The Deliver
ance" that she is now in a firm -place
and ; a writer to be counted . upon ' for
sterling work. All in all, the book year
of 1904 has opened auspiciously.
A story which may well be taken as
representative of the eminently eatis-
Spring Fiction
of Good Timber
Islands now find that wherever the
American school teacher has carried
on his good work, more natives speak
or understand English than Spanish,
and it is only a question of a few more
years when a man may travel through
every island In the group and converse
with the natives everywhere in Eng
lish.
In a work ostensibly written with a
view to forwarding the operations of
the Protestant missionaries and par
ticularly those of the church Jn which
the author is employed. It may be ex
pected that those who do not follow
religious affairs will come in for criti
cism as well as the church's ecclesias
tical opponents. In the chapter de
voted to an enumeration of the diffi
culties confronting mission work the
reader will find the author scoring the
American residents in Manila In the
most caustic . language he can com
mand. Stuntz's vehemence here de
feats his object..
(Jennings & Pye, Cincinnati; Illus
trated; price $1 75.)
THE//SAN /FRANCISCO? SUNDAY CALL;
THE SPRING FRESHET OF FICHORS
6
GENERAL CHARLES KING
BOS LATEST /SUCCESS.
A Knight of Columbia,
' '¦ An " tatmomtlT Intcrwtios 9torjr •* ;
Colnmbia/ College* aad the War;
THE HOBART CO.. NEW YORK ClTIf. So It- was that the good woman took
the trail in hot ..and? righteous wrath,.
a trail, which brought her 'ultimately
into the company of ; Mrs., Eppingwell
and Floyd Vanderllp. * Mrs. .Epping
well had just > found the , opportunity
to talk -with' the man. - She had deter-'
mined, now that J Flossie -.was so near 1
at : band, > to ; proceed , directly . • to ; •; the
point, and. an -incisive little, ethical dis
course 'was - titillating 'on' r tthe .'end *of
her. tongue," when; the .couple became
three. She noted, and pleasurably,,the
faintly, foreign acc< .* ti of the ] "beg, par-'
don", with- which .the furred; woman
prefaced Ler Immediate * appropriation
the Barracks, where the dance was
in full swing and as often they came
back without answers. Then she did
what only Freda could do — put ; on
her furs/ masked her face, and went
up herself to the Governor's ball. Now
there happened ' to be a custom— not
an original one by; 'any means— to
which the official clique had long since
become .addicted. It was- a very wise
custom, for it furnished' protection to
the womankind *: of • the officials and
gave greater selectness to their revels.
Men - recognized the furs and Vmar T
veled — men who should have served
upon the door committee, but they were
not prone to speech. •"¦.Not 1 so with the
women. They had better, eyes for the
lines of flffure l and tricks of carriage,
and they knew this, form to be* one
with which they were unfamiliar; like
wise the furs. Mrs. McFee, emerging
from the supper-room, where all was
in ' readiness, caught 'one . flash - of - the
blazing, questing eyes through, the silk
en mask, silts and .received a . start.
She tried to recollect , where she' had
seen the like, and a, vivid picture : was
recalled ,of ascertain proud and. re
bellious sinner whom she. had: once' en-,
countered on a" fruitless errand tor the
Lord.-' '•¦- - ¦¦¦,'-"¦¦ - --\ .¦ -h! ,--;':~J.-'}.
or Floyd .Vanderllp; and she courteous-:
ly bowed her ; permission for;them to
draw ; a. little -apart.. v . , -, .
Then suddenly was the black mask
torn from a' startled woman."\' Awon- :
derful face and:brilliant eyes were ex
posed to the .quletrcurloslty./pf those ,
who • looked that way,:- and they were
everybody. :'• Floyd; Vanderlip . was
rather confused: -. The' situation de
manded' instant action on the. part of
a man who was. not' beyond his depth,"
while he ' hardly': knew ivvhere?; lie : was. 1
He Btired helplessly, about ¦ him^ : Mrs.'
Eppingwell -was : perplexed^;: : She ; could <
not comprehend. An explanation^ was.
forthcoming somewhere;. and Mrs. Mc-
Fee, the minister's wife, .was equal: to
if" .' -. . rr 'C "¦' ; ; ; "'''-' : -:'-:-y.i: - )¦'
¦- "Mrs.; Eppingwell,". and her
voice .rose shrilly, .!it. : is with '^reat
pleasure I make you" acquainted* with
Freda- Moloof, : -Mlss. Freda* Moloof, as
I:urtderstand.">.N t rM-z- .* -.' .^-'- ¦> y - 1
Freda involuntarily turned.- .With ¦
her, own face bared, 'she-.felt;as*ln'' a
dream;.'naked/, 'Upon her^turhefl the"
clothed features and" gleaming eyes ;of
the- masked 1 circle.;; It; seemed almost ;
as though : a r hungry ;wolf pack I girdled
her, : ready to drag her dbwnr,- It mlgrht:
chance Lthat some felt pity. for> her, s>ie
thought, and at the, thought hardened.,
She would ; by ,far * prefer >, their ;scqrn;
Strong; of heart* was she,* this* woman:
and " though * she: had > hunted " the * prey ?
into ; the imidstioff the i pack, .-Mrs.- Ep- :
pingwell orj no * Mrs. ' Eppingwell, : she*
could » not' forego ; the < kill: \ »
'But here \ Mrs.« Eppingwell, did 1 - a'i
strange •." thing. j%>. So I this,;' at\laat, was i
Freda, she, mused,; the dahcer r and\thej
destroyer;, of : the s , woman' 5 from
whose ' door; she ? had gbeen '-'turned.-
When Mrs. .McFee's thin voice, -vi
brant .with 2 malice, * ¦ had i raised .! and '
Freda "¦ turned -involuntarily,^ Mrs/; Ep-1
plnwell \ also* i turned, r- removed \ her
mask- and;, Inclined her head " in ac
knowledgment.', ¦ -- ¦ -. • ' * '
It was another, flashing, ¦ eternal sec
ond/during ,w;hlch, these two Women re
garded each other/ Freda drew herself
In '. check, returned * the : inclination" of
the head and turned .to ; the man. >, .
. "Come '.with me. \ Floyd," she
simply. "I < want ; you 1 now." - ¦ •' _
. "What the r-^," hebeganlexplosive
ly, • and quit* ] as^ suddenly,?; discreet
enoughito ; not, round ? it ¦ off.'. Where the
deuce had his wits gone, anyway ? Was
everJai maniniore foolishly, placed? ,
"I -beg pardon,'- Justva* moment,. but'
ro ay. I speak flrst with Mr. Vanderlip ?"
Mrs. Eppingwell's - voice, though flute-'
like and low," "predicated will In " its
every cadence. i -""/'^; T : ;: i- i
i> The ¦ man looked* his gratitude. He, t at
least,* was willing, enough. —J- r w
t'l am very sorry." from Freda.
'.'There ' isn' t * time. 'He' must ; come - at
once." ¦'. -it" ¦••'» • ';¦'-• '-v'.;..v ¦¦¦.•--: ;-^-. :'¦>'"/ ~j ¦ - %f . •-
"But, .Miss Moloof ,Vwho ;are you that
you ', may possess \ yourself of } Mr. ¦ Van
derlip" and' command his. actions?" . '
:i vi— I—'! hesitated, ? and v then,
her ¦ feminine ) mind t putting : on : its har
neS s_"and "who * are 'you " to Jask^thls
question ?" : "' ; ;"* : ' "^ '¦ ¦' '¦¦':-¦ |*-¥,Vv.. ; •
"I ?V. I am MrsAEppingwell, and^ — •','. •
• "There !". c the j other broke; ln £ sharply.
•tYou are rthe\wlf e of a f captain, : who is
therefore r your ' husband.'; I -am >only a
dancing - girl. What do i you = want iwith
thls^ man ?'.' li >:C c:; ~' v - .¦-'•'¦¦- ~ « : S^ : sP r -'£' i ''''^
. ."Since ' Miss , Moloof appears toehold
claims upon you,"- Mr.VVanderlip; and • is
In too 5 great? haste i to . grant < me i a? f ew ,
seconds of / y our. : time, 1 *, I ", am £ forced ;, to
appeal > directly r . to ;.* you.*'" May I , speak
wlth'you alone and how ?",'• -," > ' ¦-¦ '
nrWhy/v er— that": ;is,: certainly," the
man iistammeredJ.?'X ;. "Of of
course,',' . growing ; more ¦ effusive! at the
prospect* of idellverance.*,' ."'.':.
TheGreek girl: : rrsd upon' the xnan
v;She. smiled her. gratitude .for his hav
ing" saved " her the" embarrassment i. of
confession.*. He drew, her < head .against
his ; shoulder j.with -the . free ' hand, and
somehow the scent: of her hair got Into
his nostrils. 7 Then he; discovered that a
common ; pulse v throbbed, throbbed,
.where i 'thelrVpalms ;• s were T ; inr; contact.
And ..when ; Freda ; turned •-'. her head
against his shoulder, her hair brushing
his 'cheek till his eyes met hers, full and
at close <: range, i luminously -. sof t f -. aye/
and "..tender— why, whose fault was-^lt
that « he lost ; his grip utterly ? '• False to
Flossle,^why;. not x to ;Loralne? U Even : if
the I women v. did < keep '.bothering', him,
that v was i no = reason - why,;, he should
make up his mind In *a' hurry .'.Why,, he
had" slathers • of, money,' and Freda * was
Just- the * girl to"' grace It) A. wife she'd
* with*', hell's -tide aflood In her blazing
.eyes, much as a bespangled lady upon
a lion which has suddenly Imbibed the
pernicious that he is a frte
agent;^' ; Th» beast lo ; him * fawned to
the* lash. :,C ; ; -.)'.. :•.;-"¦_',"* \.V. ; .
;..:• "That- Is) to say, , ah, ' afterward. To
morrow, ,;MTB.;Eppinirwell; yes, to-mor
row,*-. Tha t .'is ] what .1 : meant." ' He so
laced . himself • wl f h the fact, should he
remain; ; 3 that;'; more ;, embarrassment
awa It eel. . ~ Also... he had an 'engagement
\ which 'he : must "¦ keep shortly, down by
the I water^hole'voff the - hospital. Ye
gods!.: He had never. Riven Freda credltl
Wasn'tfshetraagniflcent? "¦ ;•
¦: <TH;,thank,you -for my mask. Mrs.
McFee.£'-'. •':•-;, :~ \-":' - : . • : -• ¦ ,' - «
vV That -lady.v for. ;the once speechless,
turned;;over ' the "article In question..
¦".'Gbo'di night. "Miss Moloof." Mrs. Ep
pingweir was royal even in defeat.
: Freda;*reclpro*ated. . though barely
downing the Impulse . to clasp the
other's knees and beg 'forgiveness. No.
not >• forgiveness, \ -. but -¦ something she
knew; not ; what, -but -which she none
the less greatly . desired.
The man was for her taking his arm;
but she had made her kill in the midst
of the pack, and that which led kings
to drag their vanquished at the chariot
tail led her' toward the door alone.
Floyd Vanderllp close at heel and
striving to re-establish his mental
equilibrium. . ; . ' ,
. It was bitter cold.'As the trail wound
a quarter of a mile brought them to the
dancer's cabin, by which time her
moist breath had coated her face
frostily, while his had-.; massed- his
heavy mustache till conversation was
painful.
They did not talk at first, the man
and the woman. While the maid helped
Freda off with her wraps, Floyd Van
derlip replenished the nre^ and by the
time the maid had withdrawn to an
inner room, his head over the stove, he
was busily thawing out his burdened
upper lip. After that he rolled a cig
arette and watched her lazily through
the fraerant eddies. She stele a glance
at the-clock. It lacked half an hour of
midnight. How was she to hold him?
.Was he angry for that which she had
done? What was his mood? What
mood of hers could meet his best? Not
that she doubted herself. No, no. Hold
him she could. If need be at pistol
point, till Sitka Charley's work was
done, and. Devereaux's, too. £ ... .
There were many ways, and. with
her knowledge of this her contempt for
the man Increased.; As she leaned her
head on' her hand ?a fleeting vision of
her "cwn girlhood, with its mournful
climacteric and tragic ebb, was vouch
safed her. and for the moment she was
minded to read him a >esson from it.
God! -It must be less than human brute
who could not be held by such a tale
told as she could tell it. Hut— bah!
He ; was not ' worth it, nor worth the
paintcrher. " : - ¦ *¦ '
" To • him it was very comfortable;
soothing his lungs with nicotine and
gazing upon her. It was snug, and
warm here, while down by the* water
hole began a trail which he would 'soon
be hitting through the chilly hours.
He felt- he ought .to-be, angry with-
Freda for the scene she had created,
but somehow he didn't feel a bit wrath
ful. Never gave the girl credit for'her
grit. He. looked lingeringly over her.
comihg back now and again to the
eyes, behind the deep .earnestness of
which he could not guess lay concealed
a deeper sneer. And, Jove: wasn't she
well put up! Wonder why she looked
at' him so? Did she want to marry
him, too? Like as not: but she wasn't
the only one. Her looks were in her
favor, weren't, they? And young—,
younger , than Loraine Lisznayi. She
couldn't be more than twenty-three or"
four, twenty- five . at most. And she'd
-never get stout. Anybody could guess
that the flrst time. ' He couldn't say
it of Loraine, though. While this girl
Freda— he sighed his unconscious re
gret .that he had missed .being born
under the flag of the Turk, and came
back to Alaska. '•,*. ':¦ ¦ '- '
: •.•Well?" Both hands of the clock
pointed perpendicularly to'-.- midnight,"
and it was high time " he was . getting
4own to the water hole. . : -
"Oh!" Freda started. and Rhe did it
prettily, delighting him as his fellows
have ever been delighted : , by , their,
womankind..
.'T was • Just 1 wondering what you
wanted to see me about." he- 'explained,
drawing his chair up to hers by the
table. : .._. ;</j /..";. . . :
"Fioyd," she looked him. steadily. In
the- ej^es, ¦ "I am tired of the \. whole
business. I want to go away. I can't
live. It. out here till the "river breaks.
If I try, I'll die. I am sure of it. . I
want to quit it all and go away, and
I want to do it at once."
¦ She laid, her hand In mute appeal
"upon, the; back'Of' his, which turned
oyer.'and became a prison. Another
one, f he thought. Just throwing herself
at him.- Guess'Jt woulah't hurt Lor
aine to cool her feet by the water hole
a little longer. v ' '
; "Well?!' This time from: Freda, but
softly, and anxiously. .^- . .. r
-"I don't know", what to say." he
hastened to answer, adding to him
self that It was coming - quicker, than
he had expected. //Nothing 1>d like
better, Fredai v-Touvknow that , well
enough.""^ He pressed her ; hand,- palm
to ; palm." She nodded. Could she won
der that she /despised 'the breed ?-^ .-* ?
.."But you see, . I— -I'm"'; engaged. , Of;
course you knowj; that. And. the girl's
coming into, the country to marry me."
Don't .know, what* was- up '-.with me
when { I- asked her,. but it waa a | Ibng
while backhand I was allrflred young."
.v'Twant to go away, out of the land,
anywhere,'^ -, she • went . on, ; disregarding
. the • obstacle . he : • had * reared , up,; and
apologized ; for. ; : "I * have been i running
: over i the ; men ' I knew -'and reached the
conclusion : that— that— "."
•V'I;was the likeliestof the lot?"
FLOYD VANDERLIP was a 6trong
man. apparently. Hard work and
hard grub had no terrors for him.
When he held in check" half a
thousand starving men, as he once did,
It was remarked that no cooler eye
ever took the clint of sunshine on a
rifle-sight. He had but one weakness,
and even that, rising from his strength,
was a negative sort. His parts were
strong, but they lacked co-ordination.
Now it happened that while his cen
ter of amatlveness was pronounced, it
had lain mute and passive during the
*yearE he lived on moose and salmon
and chased flowing Ei Dorados over
chfll divides. But when he finally
blazed the corner posts and center
stake on one of the richest Klondike
claims It began to quicken, and when
he took his place la society, a full
fledged bonanza king, it awoke and
took charge of him. He suddenly recol
lected a girl in the States, and it came
to him quite forcibly, not only that she
might be waiting lor him. but that a
wife was a very pleasant acquisition
for & man who lived some several de
grees north of 53. So he wrote an ap
propriate note, inclosed a letter of
credit generous enough to cover all ex
penses, including trouseau and chape
ron, and addressed it to one Fiossie.
Flossie? One could imagine the rest.
However, after that he built a com
fortable cabin on his claim, bought an
other in Dawson and broke the news
to his friends.
And just here is where the lack of
co-ordination came into play. The
waiting was tedious, and having been
long denied the amative element could
not brook further delay. Flossie was
coming; but Loraine Lisznayi was
here. And not only was Loraine Liz
nayi here, but her cosmopolitan repu
tation was somewhat the worse for
wear, and she was not exactly so
young as when she posed In the studios
of artist queens and received at her
door the cards of cardinals and princes.
Also, her finances were unhealthy.
Having run the gamut In her time, she
was not averse . to trying conclusions
with a bonanza king, whose wealth
was such that he could not guess it
within six figures.
When a man is free much may go
unquestioned, which, should he be rash
tnough to cumber himself with do
mestic tits, society will Instantly chal
jer.ge. Thus it was with Floyd Van
derlip. Flossie was coming, and a low
buzz went up when Loraine Lisznayi
iodp down the main street behind his
wolf-dogs. At that time they dined
royally in Flossie's cabin, on Flossie's
table iir.en, which caused the men to
say sharp things and the women to
V>e spiteful. Oniy Mrs. Eppingwell. the
captain's wife, did not hear.
Xot so with Freda, the Greek danc
ing girl. She had no cause to lore
men. but by some strange alchemy of
her nature her heart went out to wo
men — to women pJie had less cause to
love. And her heart went out to Flos
sie, even then traveling the Long Trail
and raring into the bitter north to
meet a man who might not wait for
her. A shrinking, clinging sort of a
Ftrl. Freda pictured her. with weak
mo-uth and pretty pouting lips, sun
kissed hair and eyes full of the merry
shallows and the lesser Joys of life.
Wherefcie she smiled, dancing one
night, upon Floyd Vanderlip.
Few men are so constituted that they
may receive the smile of Freda un
moved; nor among them can Floyd
Vanderlip be accounted. The grace he
had found with the model woman had
caused him to remeasure himself, and
by the favor in which he now stood
with the Greek dancer he felt himself
doubly a xn--v And a thin little
thought began to lift itself, and he
fell to m wondering whatever under the
sun he" had seen in Flossie, and to re
gret exceedingly that he had sent for
her. Of course, Freda was out of the
running. But Loraine Lisznayi— she
was Just the woman. Her life had
been large; she could do the honors
of his establishment and give tone to
his dollars.
But Freda smiled and continued to
smile, till he came to- spend much time
with her. When she, too. rode down
the street behind his wolf-dogs, the
model tvoin 4» found food for thought,
and the nex. time they were together
•dazzled him with her princes and car
dinals and personal little anecdotes of
cmirts and kings. Ehe also showed him
dainty missives, superscribed "My dear
Loraine." and ended "Most affection
ately yours." and signed by the given
names of a real live queen on a throne.
And he marveled In his heart that
th* great woman should deign to waste
so much as a moment upon him. She
played him cleverly till he went away
dizzy with self-delight and sorrowing
for the world which had been denied
him so long. Freda was a more mas
terful woman. If she flattered, no one
knew It. Should she stoop, the stoop
were unobserved. If a man felt she
thought well of him. so subtly was the
feeling conveyed that he could not for
the life of him 6ay tvhy or how. So
she tightened her grip upon Floyd Van
derllp and rode dally behind his dogs.
And Just here is where the mistake
occurred. The buzz rose loudly and
mere definitely, coupled now with the
name of the dancer, and Mrs. Epplng- •
well heard. She. too, thought of Flos-
Bie lifting her moccaslned feet through
the endless hours, and Floyd Vanderllp
was invited up the hillside to tea, and
invited often. This quite took his
breath away, and he became drunken
with appreciation of himself. Never
was man so maltreated. His soul had
become a thing for which three women
struggled, while a fourth was on the
way to claim it. And three such wo
men!
But- Mrs. Eppinipw-ell and the mistake
she made. She spoke of the affair, ten
tatively, to Sltka Charley, who had
sold dogs to the Greek girL But no
names w*c-*» mentioned.
"A men- girl, Charley." she said. "I
am *•%!« she is. And she is coming into
i. strange country without a friend
when she gets here. We must do some
thing."
Sitka Charley promised his help and
¦went away thinking what a wicked
woman this Loraine Llsznayi must be.
also what noble women Mrs. Epping
well and Freda were to Interest them
selves in the welfare of the unknown
Flossie.
How. Miss Eppinewoll was open as
the day. Having taken Floyd Vander
llp'e measurements, she did not dare
this with him: but she was not- afraid -
to ko down into the town to Freda.
And down town she went. In the bright
light of day, to the house cf the dancer.
She was above the silly tongues, as
was her husband, the captain. She
¦wished to see this woman and speak
trlth ' her, nor was she aware of any
reason why she should not. So she
Copyright by McClur*, Phillip* & Co
Twice Freda sent messengers up ' to
So Mrs. Eppingwell's thoughts of
Freda were un kinder than ever. She
wrote a note, addressed it to the man
in question and intrusted it to a mes
senger who lay in wait at the mouth
of Bonanza Creek. Another man bear-
Ing a note from Freda also waited at
that strategic point. .So it happened
that Fiord Vanderlip. riding his sled
merrily down with the last daylight,
received the notes together. He tore
Freda's across. No, he would not go to
sec her. There were greater things
afoot that night. Besides, she was out
of the running. But Mrs. Eppingwell!
He would | observe her last wish — or,
rather, the last wish it would be pos
sible for him to observe— and meet her
at the Governor's ball to hear what she
had to say. From the tone of the writ
ing it was evidently Important; per
haps- — He smiled fondly, : but failed
to shape the thought. Confound It all,
what a lucky fellow he was with the
women anyway! Scattering her letter
to the frost, he mushed the doga Into
a swinging lope and headed for his
cabin. It was to be a masquerade, and
he had to dig up the costume used at
the opera-house a couple of months
ago. Also, he had to shave and to eat.
Thus It was that he, alone of all Inter
ested, was unaware of Flossie's prox
imity.
"Have them down to the water-hole
off the hospital at midnight sharp.
Don't fail me," he said to Sltka Char
ley, who dropped in with the advice
that only one dog was lacking to fill
the bill and that that one would be
forthcoming In an hour or so. "Here's
the sack. There's the scales. Weigh
out your owndust and don't bother
me. I've got to get ready * for -the
ball." ,
Sitka Charley weighed out hla pay
and departed,^ carrying with him a
letter to Loralne Lisznayi, the' contents
of which he correctly imagined. to re
fer to a meeting at the water-hole at
midnight sharp. -¦¦¦..¦
On Friday morning: Devereaux, the
official courier, bearing dispatches from
the Governor, arrived over the ice. Be
sides the dispatches he brought news of
Flossie. He had passed her camp at
Sixty Mile; humans and dogs were in
good condition and she would doubt
less be in on the morrow. Mrs. Ep
pingwell experienced a great relief on
hearing this. Floyd Vanderlip was safe
up-creek, and ere the Greek girl could
again lay hands upon him his bride
would be on the ground. Sitka Char
ley remarked incidentally that she in
tended Jumping out down river that
night with Floyd Vanderlip, and fur
ther ventured the information "that ac
cidents were very likely at that time of
year. • .
An hour later Freda knew the elope
ment was to be pulled off on Friday
night; also that Floyd Vanderlip had
gene up creek, and her hands were
tied. -
She did know where he had gone?
Up creek? Good! Did he understand
her to say Mr. Vanderlip needed the
dogs on Friday night?— that he must
have them by that time? It was too,
bad. but it was the fault of the shame
less one, who had bid up the ' prices.
They had jumped 550 a head, and
should he. buy on the rising market
he would lose by the contract. He
wondered if Mr. Vanderlip would be
willing to meet the advance.
She knew he would? Being Mr. Van
derlip's friend, she would even meet
the difference herself? And he was
to say nothing about It? -She was kind
to so look to his interests.. Friday
night, did she say? Good! The dpgs
would be on hand.
He had given it out rather vaguely
that he needed the animals for sledg
ing lumber from the mill to his sluices,
and right here is where Sltka Charley
demonstrated his fitness. He agreed
to furnish dogs on a given date, but
no sooner had Floyd Vanderlip turned
his toes up creek than Charley hied
himself, away in perturbation to Lo
raine Usznayi. Did Ehe know where
Mr.- Vanderlip had gone.^ He had
agreed to supply that gentleman with
a big string of dogs by a certain time;
but that shameless one, the - German
trader Myers, had been buying up the
brutes and skimped the market. It
was very necessary he should see Mr.
Vanderlip, because of the shameless
one he would be all of a week behind
hand in filling the contraet.
It was nobody's fault except the
man's that Loralne Lisznayi at last
landed him. The way of a man with a
maid may. be too wonderful to know,
but the way of a "woman with a man
passeth all conception. Perhaps the
model woman's attraction lay in that
to the eye, she was a handsome ani
mal; peritaps she fascinated him with
her Old World talk of aalaces and
princes: leastwise she dazzled him
whose life had been worked out in un
cultured roughness, and he at last
agreed to her suggestion of a run
down the river and a marriage at
Forty Mile. In token of his intention
he bought dogs from Sitka Charley —
more than one sled is necessary when
a woman like Loraine Lisznayi takes
to the trail — and then went up the
creek to give orders for the superin
tendence of his Bonanza mines during
his absence.
She would not have been surprised
had ehe been taken into, the dancer's
cabin and encountered on common
ground; nor surprised had. 6he Been
taken in and flaunted in prideless ar
rogance. But to be treated as she had'
been treated .was unexpected and dis
appointing. Ergo, she had not caught
Freda's point of view. One cannot
understand defilement without laying
hands to pitch, which Is very sticky,
while there be plenty willing to-under-.
take the experiment. All of which is
of small concern beyond the fact that
it gave Mrs. Eppingwell ground for
grievance and bred for her a great
love in the Greek girl's heart.
And in this way things went'aloiig
for a month, Mrs. Eppingwell striving
to withhold the man from, the Greek
dancer's blandishments against the
time of Flossie's coming; Flossie les
sening the miles each day of the drea
ry trail; Freda pitting her strength
against the model woman; themodel
woman straining every" nerve to land
the prize, and the man moving
through It all like a flying shuttle,
very proud of himself, whom he be
lieved to be a second Don Juan.
stood In the snow at the Greek girl's
door, with the frost at sixty below.
and parleyed with the waiting- maid
for a full five minutes. She had also
the pleasure of being turned away
from the door and of going back up
the hill, wroth at heart for the indig
nity which had been put upon her.
"Who is this woman that -she should
refuse to see me?" 6he asked herself.
One would think It was the other way
around, and she herself but a dancing
girl denied at the door of the wife of a
captain. .... ¦ ¦ —
"But how do I stand In" this deal?,
I've lost J4OQO worth of dogs and' a
tidy bit of a woman and nothing to/'
show for it. Except you," he added'
as an' afterthought, "and cheap you,
are at the price." • . :- • * ¦ •» - r
Freda shrugged- her. shoulders.. <¦ .
"You .might as well get ready. J Vm
going out to borrow a couple of teams
of dogs, and we'll start In as many
hours.", ... ;,' /. ; *:
"I am very sorry, but I am golrijr to
bed." * •¦''
"You'll pack if you know what'd gobd'
for you. Go to bed or not, when' I get
my docs outside, so help me. -onto the
sled i you go. Mebbe you ; fooled 5 with
me. but I'll just see your bluff and,
take you in earnest. Hearme?" : . .
He cjosed on her wrist till it ..hurt*
but on her. lips a smile was growing,
and. she seemed to listen fntently' to
some outside sound. "There" was a Jingle'
or dog bells and a man's voice crying
"Haw!" as a sled took the turning and
drew up' at the cabin. ' ;. .'.j*: t ,
/'Now will you let me go to bed.?*!
As Freda spoke she threw open the
door. Into the warm room rushed the 1
frost and on the threshold, garbed in
trail- worn furs, knee-deep in the swirl
ing vapor, against a -background" of
flaming borealis, a woman hesitatf d.
"Floyd." she cried, relieved and glad,
and met him with a tired bound.; -*.*
What could he but kiss the armful'
of furs? And a pretty armful it was.
nestling against him- wearily, but
happy. '•,¦¦-' ' ¦>•
"It was good of you," spoke the arm
ful, "to send Mr. Devereaux, with .fresh
dogs after me, else I would'not. ha^ye
been in till to-morrow.". ; V "'T-" .'
The mari looked blankly across 'at
Freda, then, the light breaking In upon
him, "And -wasn't It good of.Deve-
reaux to go?" - ¦ • :A- ; •.¦•»;..»•
"Couldn't wait a bit longer... could
you. dear?" Flossie snuggled closer.,. •*
VWell. .I.was getting. sort of impa
tient." he confessed glibly.- at the same
time drawing her up till her feet left
the floor and getting outside the door/ v -
That same night an inexplicable' thin s
happened to the Rev. James -Brown,
missionary, who lived "' among the na T
-tlves several miles down the Yuko.n
.and. saw to it that 'the trails they tnjd"
led to the white " man's ' paradise. ;• He
was roused from his sleep by afstranfce
Indian; who gave Into his charge not
only thesoul but the body of - a owp
man, and,' having done this..- drove
quickly away. This woman was heavy .
and handsome, and angry, and in .her ¦
wrath .unclean words fell' from, her
mouth. This shocked the worthy irianf
but he' was yet' younjr and her ,pres- :
ence would have f oeen. pernicious ; (In
the simple "eyes of his flock),, had she
not struck outon foot for Dawson with
the first gray of dawn. . ;,' "; .,
.. The ' shock to Dawson - came many"
days later, when the summer had come
and \ the population honored \ a certain
¦ royal -"-lady -."at Windsor by lining' the
Yukon's bank - and - watching Sitka
Charley rise » up with ; flashing.. paddle '.
and drive, the „ first canoe . across Uie .
line/ Oh this day of the races- Mrs..
Eppingwell.vwho had learned = and -iln-*
learned . numerous • ! things, - saw Freda*
for - the first time since the night - of
the 'ball.
•'Publicly.'.mlnd you," as 5Irs.McFee;
expressed it, "without; regard „ or. " rr
. spect . for the ; morals - of -', the *conim,u- :
nity," ' she ; went up to the dancer 'aha'
held 5 out' her: hand. ¦ • ¦ ¦ • /:
"Yes, my lady, ana reckoning, too. *
He still kept his hold. "What do you
know about the water hole? What
did; you mean by— no/ never mind.
One question at a time.". .-•-.- ¦-
"Oh, nothing much. , Sltka Charley
had an appointment. there with sorrite
body you may know, and, not being
anxious . for a man of your known
charm to be present, fell back upon
me to kindly help him. That's all.
They're oft now. and a good half hour
ago." • -'*•'. ¦ -. ... -.
"Where? Down the river and with-"
out me? And he an Indian?" . ..
"There's no accounting for. taste.,
you know, especially in a woman."
make him for other, men to envy. But
go slow. He must be cautious.
"You don't happen to care for pal
aces, do you?"
She shook her head. ,
""Well, I had a hankering alter them
myself till I got to. thinking a while
back, and I've about sized it up that
one'd get fat living In palaces, and soft
and lazy." " "'¦¦'¦
"Yes. it's nice for a •- time, but you
soon get tired of it, I imagine,'.' she
hastened to- reassure him. "The world
is good, but life should be many-sided.
Rough and knock-about for a while..
and then rest up. somewhere. Off to
the South Seas on a yacht, then a nib
ble of Paris, a winter in South- Amer
ica and a summer in Norway, a few
months in England "•"' \ . ;
"Good -society?" .
"Most certainly — the best— and then,
heigh-ho! for the dogs- and ' sleds and
the Hudson Bay country. ' Change, you
know. A strong man like you, full of
vitality and go. could not posslblr
stand a palace for a year. It la all
very well for effeminate men. but you
weren't made for such a life.". Yduare
masculine, intensely .masculine." r '.;
"Think so?" .•*-... • ','¥.
"It does not require thinking: I
know. Have you ever noticed that.-it
was easy to make women: care for
you?" . . r . ;-*. ' -
His dubious innocence was superb..
"It is very easy. And why? Becau^e
you . are masculine. You strike^ the
deepest chords -of a woman's, - hearr..
You are something to cling to— bis
muscled, strong and brave. In short,
because -you are a man." - • - ¦
She shot a glance at the clock. It
was half after the hour. She had
given a margin of thirty minutes to
Sltka Charley; and it did not matter
now when Devereaux arrived. - Her
work was done. She lifted her head,
laughed her genuine mirth, slipped her
hand clear, and rising to her feet
called her maid. ' '
"Alice, help Mr. Vanderllp on with
his parka. His mittens are on the sill
by the stove." - . :-
The man could not understand.
"Let me thank you for your , kind
ness, Flnvd. Your time was invaluable,
to me, and It was indeed good of you.-
The turning to the left, as you leave;
the cabin, leads the quickest to" the .
water hole. Good night. I am going to
Floyd Vanderlip employed strong
words to express his perplexity and.
disappointment. Alice did not like to
hear men swear, so dropped his parka
on the floor and tossed his mittens on
top of it. Then he made a break- for
Fre^a and she ruined her retreat to.
the inner room by tripping over- the
parka. He brought her up standing
with a rude grip on the wrist." ' But
she only laughed. She was not afraid
of men. Had they not wrought their
worst with .her -and. did -she npt still
endure? V«;'ltT „
"Don't be rough." she said finally.
"On second thought," here she looked
at his detaining hand, "I've decided,
not to go to bed yet a while. Do sit
down 'and be comfortable instead of
ridiculous. Any^fluestions?" - •-
THE \ SAN> -FRANCISCO •> SUNDAY CALK
THE SCORN OF WOMEN
7fence- which still rose .above! the water,"
looked ' forlorn; ; To^ioscT the .'first/ engine'
he^eyerjiandled In the Beaver ,was tough
and* he^was f evidebUy^peculating"? on
his chances 'ot eyerJgettingtanother.' -'if
there weren't i tears J In, his I eyesil th?fe
was" storm •; water certainly. '; But) after
the relief ; engine ; pulled '.what i was; left
of iis .-back six miles to a siding I ; made
it mx first • business 7 to ; explain \\ to
v/r Throwing oft! my. gloves' I'dorfe, Just
aS I stood; close' to' the tender, which"
hung . half submerged. I 'am a; good bit
'of a. 'fish under "water," but no self-re
specting fish /would be* caught In that
yellow 'mud. I realized,' too, the in
stant I -struck the water that I should
have dived on the up T stre.am side. The ¦
current tbok-'me away,- whirling. When
I 'came Vup for air I ': was/, fifty feet be
low the pier. '; I felt; it was all ;up • with
Bartholojnefvv as; I .'scrambled out, /but,'
to 'my amazement, "as I shook "my eyes '.
open," / the 'train crew were , running
forward/and thejestood Bartholomew,
oii theitnick'aboye me, looking at' the
refrigerators./ .'When ¦ I "got ,to , him he.
explained *to rrie. how he was dragged'
in-and.had to tearithe sleeve. out of his^
Jslouse '¦ under.'", the^water to get- free., •
¦ »:.The surprise . is, '^how -little. fuss^meri .
make\abou$ suchHhings when they are*
busy.'.r-lt ' took " only T five'; minutes' for
the .¦¦conductor -to hunt up a coil of wire 1 ,
and • a /sounder." for me "arid * by /the i time'",
he ; got>f br^ard^whh | it C Bartholomew \
,was - half ." -'.way.* up. ; a - telegraph ;'pole } to
help ; mefcut r in/on 'a live wire. • ; Fast
I ..could I rigged a pony ,'a'nd began ' . call
irigvtheiMcCioudVdlspatc^
rocky}s"end;"but after no end of .pound-..:
lng";i got. him ' and^ gave orders for/ the
wrecking ; gang^ and T for *one more^'of ;
Nelghbbr's/(rapidly> decreasing; supply!
of/lboo'rhotives. ; >C^'. '. ; A >.:;/:; ¦•.-' /."'• -
•}y Barthblomew", rsitting- • on X' a-'i strip X of
jump.r^hiie I hesitateeTfie somehow
got :.the,-/brakes to set; the old 44
bucked like a bronco. ' v ~ ; . . ¦
-,.; It 'wasn't? too' ; soon. She 'checked
her ".traliTr.nobly^at .'"the J last, but I/saw
ribtriing* f ";cotild ..from the
brlrik? I< caught Bartholomow' a ' tcr
rlflc/sla'p '."ai. I again I yelled j; then?
turning: to the gate way, . I dropped into
the '"soft"* mud* on my side." The -44'.
hung- low. and It was . easy lighting.
. Bartholomew, sprang -from, his seat
a. second 'later, but. his blouse. caught
in/the teeth , of- the . quadrant. He
stooped' quick as -thought 2 and! peeled
the ; thing over 'hiis •head;' /But then he
was' causht/with'his; hands; in the.
wristbands; arid trie ponies of 44 tipped
over the broken- abutments '-;•
Pull .as /.we /would he* .. couldn't - get
free. vThe '/pilbt/dipped into • the ¦ tor
rent '-slowly,; but,/ losing/ her balance,
the '4 ii kicked- her ) heels Vinto the .'"air"
like lightning arid^sh'ot] with? a fright
ened-wheeze "plump* 'into /.the' creej:,'
dragging. .'her engineer after her.' ;.. :. .*
The - head-- car "stood . on the' brink.
¦RurininB; across, the' track I looked for
; Barthblomew. , 'He r* wasn't" there." . I.
knew he must -have gone down with
'his-*' engine. ' •'•"..'. "'. ' V - ; 5 ' ! ~
" "Neighbor, couldn'tigive me anybody,
but a wiper," said ¦ Barthblomew -in 5 a
sort "of ¦; tone.; ;
K\T;he j unconscious ;5: arrogance
boyi quite Jcnocked , me, '• so! soonsKad
honors ¦ changed* . his point " , of I S view."
L.aLSt*night'a despised iwiper; /at-day
break an engineej; and his nose in the
air" at the idea of ; taking on ; a wiper
for /fireman. _ And 'all bo/ innocent.
"Would : you object, Bartholomew,"
putting- the /boy "on a- pjlptHengine'to^
takii all' the dangers? ahead "of •that , par-:
ticular; train; but I had/a' good v. deal';
else, tbr-think of besides/-', Frprii'-' the,
minute" the/ silk, got "¦ into " :the;. w McCloud
yards..' we ippsted: 'double^.: guards^
around. ¦ About twelve ' ' that'
.night we held a'council of war, which
ended in our running the train" into the
nuf-freight house... The result was that
by morning* we had a new train. made
up. It consisted of fourteen refrig
erator cars loaded with oranges/ which
had come in mysteriously the night be
fore. It was announced that- the • silk
would be held for the present and.the
orariges rushed through..- Bright; and
early the refrif/erator train' 1 was run!
down to the icehouses and twenty men'
were put : to /work Icing the orangeV.
At- sevfen o'clock McCurdy pulled In
the i local * passenger # with* engine ¦ 105.
Our ; plan • was to cancel the local/ arid"
run him right olit / with i the - oranges.
When he./ got ~1n" he reported thR
105 -had ..sprung. a tire. It knocked • our
scheme- Into. a cocked hat.. ., . ' ; '
' v There was a confer
ence; in -the .roundhouse.
: . "What can you do?'/ . asked " the , su
perintendent. In desperation. .:/ . «: \
"There's only one- thing I can ¦ do.'
Put Barthblomew . Mullen on . it with"
Ih'e 44, and- put : JfcCurdy to ; bed for.
No.' 2' to-night," responded, Neighbor.;
¦ V We -ri-ere . running first ?ini*'flrst out?
but we took care, to always have some
body for 1 and 2 whoatleast knew an
injector from an. air pump. * ; f
I"; It^vas'S o'clock. I looked into the
locpmojive^ Etalls. The first— the /only
lU-man in sight was Bartholo'mew" Mul
len; He: was 'very -busy 'polishing the
44." .'He had good steiim on her and
the old tub ' was wheezing as if she
had • the • asthma. The' 44 was old;
sRe was homely; she was rickety ; but
Barthblomew : Mullen, wiped; her^ bkt
• tered r ; nose " as deferentially 'as • if •/'she
had been a. spick-span,', spider-driver,
tail-truck mail-racer.^ " '
/ She" wasn't much^the 44:, 'But fin
those; days Bartholomew/wasn't- much/
arid 4^9,4 4. was Bartholpmew's.^ ., f .._
¦ ; "How? is ¦sh'e" steaming, /. Bartholo-'
'mew.?".'.: I sung' out.'/He'. was; right in
the iv middle; of her. /Lobkiing^up/ r he^
fingered his waste modestly :arid ! blush -^
ed through a dab of crude petroleum
ov.e.r his eye. ¦;.,••;;>; :,. ."
"Hundred arid* thirty, sir. , L She's, a
ternblej free steamer; { the old / 4 4.\ '.'I'm
all readyVto;r;-^*her;out.'.'._ /; / ''. ;
'.' v Who's/ marked up to'^fire: fbr^j'bu; :
Barthoiomew?y' . ,';•"-• .v :=-'!;•"; i
>¦; Bartholomew Mullen "looked -'at /me
fraternally.'/,--. V.'; /- V V.'>-" *'y.i:''V^'?£*i'&i
and Jack Moore and Foley /and- George
: Sinclair himself; got a : personal fetter
frotn the 5 manager \ jcpriipll
'inenting; him' oh* his pretty ..^it; jirid he
was good enough to ¦say'nothlng,wha^_
!ever. about: 'mln'ely c ."r"- " ¦ * V . ,1
". ' /; Wei- registered \ that; night, irid v.went
¦¦ to supper , together-r-*F61eyi ' Jackson,
Bartholomew find '?X^;-: Afterward we
dropped; into/ .the'.'dispatciier'a office.
Something- rwas "coming Yirom ; Mc
'Cloud; but the. ; operatSrSV.tp."sayje! their
livVs,- couldn't <catchiit.^. : I. listened a 2
minute./' It.-' was* Neighbor, -i Now,'
Neighbor; isn't \ great / : at
: trains. J ;''He'.-can/ makeihlmiseU'.unaer
' stood 'over the' r p<>le,'but his i sending la
like a boy's sawing wood^sort of .un
even. : . ',/. ¦•_ ". » ¦
However, though I am not much on
running yards,'! claim to be able to
take s the wildest ball". that, was "-ever
i thrown •along/the wire, and the "chair
¦was-} tendered' me 'afo'nce'.tb catch
'/Neighbor's, extraordinary •'passes at the
-McClo'ud key. ; . Then .'came- something
"like trite: . ¦: — \/j^ ¦.'}. -¦
¦.To'OprV:' : •-¦ / } '¦ '¦ • ':-;-. '¦' -
/Tell Massacree (that was, the word
that stuck .them .all.' arid, I 'could per- -
ceive. Neighbor was' talking^* emphati
'-. Really ; >.? he^ihad {*¦, apparently "^1 lorgrotten
j Bartholoriiew^P last ? name and ' waa* try
- irig t to* 'connect "/with* the 'one 1 he .had
disremembered .the'nlght ; before).' Tell
Massacree / (repeated -Neighbor) -that
he'is*a-l-l right. "Tell him I give'un
"double • mileage for^ to-day all the way
' through." And 'to-morrow, he gets the*
109 tokee'p. Neighb-bHJr.
Neighbor,, nearly beside himself, .that*
Bartholomew' was" not^¦-"qnjy/jnotv'av.'
fault, but that he\ had actually saved/
the train -by, his" nerve. ; .''•*. -^ * t\*A? ; » ; j
"I'll tell you, Neighbor,"- I^s"uggested^
when we - got straightened <; arpuridA
"gtve us thelOO to go ahead as a'pilot; .
and run the stuff around the river divi-,
sion 'with FoIp:' and the 216.'\.. >. V v ,
• "Whafll . yor do with-'' No. 6?".
growled Neishbor. Six was the local
passeriger west. r , ..
"Annul -it west of McCloud," said, I
instantly. "We've got this silk" on ..our
hands now, and I'd move It} if, it tled
- up. every passenger train on' the divi
sion. If* we can get the infernal stuff
".through/ it will practically beat' the'
strike: if we fail, it will beat the com
fpariy."; ¦ ¦/. / v ¦ ; ,. •/• . - :- . :
-V_'.By t the time we backed . to Newhall
Junction Neighbor shad" made up ihfs
-mind | my^way; Mullen *ind I climbed |
into -the ,'109, . and .Foley ; with ; the 216;
"arid none too good a grace, coupled !on
to the silk,, and' flying red signals we'
• started asain for -Zanesville over- the .
river division. , 'J, / '~ ' , -"'/ V
Foley \was always < full of mischief.
; He had a, better engine than ours any
way," and he took satisfaction 1 " trie -rest
of. the afternoon ;in crowdlng^us. Every
rnile ; of the'way he was on our. heels. I
was throwing" the -coal !and- distinctly
remember., . •/' ¦ '. ;• ¦> ' ;.
It was. after dark when' we reached
the. Beverly hill, and , we took it at a
lively pace. The strikers we.re not , on
/our minds then; it was Foley "who
bothered. /;. ¦. ¦ _/ ' .';
.'When: the long, parallel steel -lines of
:the -upper yards* spread before- .-us,"
flashing under the arc lights.'/we .were"
. away**above yard speed. -".Running/ a 'lo,-.-'
comotive into one of those L big*yards is
like shooting a rapid iri/a. canoe. Ther.e
/is/a, bewildering maze of track^* lighted -
by/red and rreen lamps to be watched'/
¦ the closest. The' hazards are multiplied
. the "minute' you pass^, the ' throat," and; a
¦ yard wreck . is '¦- a ¦ dreadful tangle; . it
makes • everybody : from/: " roadmaster.; to
: flagriien' furious,' and not 'even
" dmew^wanted'\to face'-oril inquiry on a*
i'yat4? wreck. ,', On '¦ the other : . hand, 1 -, he.
/¦couldn't afford to !be caught; by, Foley,
" v *whV- was chasing ; him out' of pure ca- .-•
:¦;:: .^--, '¦ •_¦: .'-,'- .- . ;
VI saw the boy holding,' the ithrottle, at
/a half arid fingering the .'air. anxiously '
• as we /Jumped" through" the } frogs ; * but ;
/the roughestlridirig on^ track .: so / : far,
, beats . the ; ties ,' as /a cushion . that when
"the" 109/:'suddeniy' stuck" "her -paws
'.'• through-' an • opf n f switgh /• we bounced^
against ; the •roof i of .the ' cab ; like : foot-]
!""" balls. /I grabbed a brace with one" hand ! :
j arid with the*^ trier Veached instinctive- .
• ly:/acrbs"sV, to * Bartholomew's I- "side '."- to
•rselzeVtherth'rottle' he 'held.,/ But fas) I ;
'¦¦¦ tried to"shut;hlm :off he/ Jerked* it wide
open- in spite .of trie,' - t arid \ turned, ' with^
' jightning inihisfeye. /v; r : . • .".
"No!" he crtedy and j his: voice/ rang
I halfd.^ The .•¦ 109 -\ took .}* the } tremendous ,
• sh'ove at • her backr and '* leaped ;Hke'' a;
; horse-r'Away /we* went across"
¦the' yard,'* through ithe cinders /arid over
t the'tlesV: My, teethihaye' never^beenthe
¦ ¦; same : since. * I * -don' t belong , on .' an , en
l;sine, anyway, - and since then! I ' have
kept * off. • "At : the "moment -; I ; was . con-
; I suggested/gentiy," _''to Caiilralnmaster; :
tor; fireman ?•.",*•' / ' ' | r JjvV.-.^','' ""•;:;'
.."Isdon't— thirl: so. fit?'/; .v-.jl •
¦ I'Tharik*/ you*;. '; because am % going
down-, to *- ZancsviHe \ this - jlijurning '\ my.- •/
thought, I'd n'd'e rwith^you.
Is it all r!gh't?'.Vfv' ; ! '¦¦[^[¦^"^/^¦^^
¦\ "Qh. yes, sir— If. ; Neighbor --doesn't .
care." / ¦' flH; >''./¦ '"¦J. ;-*'"¦ : ] J . ':'-'',
I smiled. He dfdn't knowwhorii Neigh-?
bor took orders frorri; . but ; be : th6ught,.
evidently, nc-t/from-me. /.;
"Then run her down to the oranges
and couple on,; Bartholomew, and we'll :
.order ourselves out." '„• See?" ...¦¦ \
"/The 44, really/ looked like i a baby car-/^
>riuge when'we gbt.lier iii 'front of the
refrigerators. ¦¦ However; after the nec-'
-essary preliminaries we cave 'a/ very
'Vporty toot and pulled out.' In. a few :
! minutes >ve were rolling down. 'the val-'
ley-: ¦'',: ¦:'. ' \ -. -;-:v*v ¦* ' : .'• ¦. '•¦; ¦"¦¦./>!
v -For '; fifty miles we bobbed along with?
! ouf carso. ot iced - silk; as-easy as sold:
shoes, 'tot I need hardly^ explain that :
we had .packed th^ giFk info" the -refrigr
eratbrs to confuse the .strikers., ;- The;
.great* risk . \yas .that* they ''- would ; try -to -'
"ditch us. j\ ':*£ .;/;?' :j- ; : ..¦.'¦.'.'" '¦ . :~-.; :
¦ I was watchinK the track as a mouse
would ;a : cat» jooking "every^minute .for :
'trouble; ! We cleared the gumbo .cut :
west of "the Beaver at .a pretty ; good (
clip: in" order " to' make- the grade '-. on
jEhe' other., s'lde. 'The bridge there Js-,
hidden in summer" by; a; grove of hack
>"berries. I had Just pulled open to. cool
her a bit,, when ;• I noiiced how high
the backwater was on each side of the
track. '. Suddenly I felt/:the fill -going
soft under' the drivers— felt the 44 w^ob
bie c ! and ..slew. / Bartholomew .. shut off
hard and'^thre'w; the air as: I sprang,
i to ,' the ' window./ The /peacef ul /-little
creek ahead looked , as angry ¦ as . the /
Pia't'te in'itpril water and , the bottoms,
were a. lake. ..,.; ¦ .,-*.,'.¦'..,• / .
. Somewhere* up". the valley, there" had
been a, cloudburst,"- for overhead ..the.
"sun',' was bright. The Beaver /was roar- <
; ing over, its banks , and' thVibrjdge ;waV/
but. Bartholomew screamed for brakes; ?
it looked; asithough'^we were against it,-,
-and hard. ;^ ¦/¦.. V; ,j -.• . ; ;-'i'» '•* i%""i " ''-':'' ''
. . A'-soft/tra'clc to' stop "on, a. torrent .of,
/storm'' water 'aKeadX arid ten-" hundred;
-thousand dollars' vworth "of ;silk behind;
-^nbt ;to rnention'eauip'nient. [
;'"l V yelled at : Bartholomew; and J mo-/;
; Uoned for.himjtojifm
;isVclear^;dnvt^^ppint^%.ThV;:44\-j»^
' stumblinff;alori'g,Vtrying^like; aj'drurik-J
'eri^man'toVhangltb^
>. 4'Bartholoniew I" >, I ; -/but ' he'
¦ was head v out arid looking back ; at his
k train",^while; he; Jerked .¦.^frantically "-¦ at y
the air/ lever. ¦/ 1 ; understood; •.'the '¦¦; aAr,
.wouldn't^ work f^it never;^wbuld ?'bn:
those- old tub3 \vjieri:you need/it -^Thej
sweat pushed; out o'n^rne. ./;I was think-;
ing:bf how much theTsiik- would jbring,
Vus^ after /a ' bathr' in 1 - the*' Beaver.tix Ba'r
tholomew^ stuck ?to ;Jh ia i^leyers - like^a'
man;iriVa signal tower, but every jsec-.
*' ond< brought : us closer : to : open water.
..Watching . him,; ; intent only 'on/ saying
'his^first; train,;; heedless ,'of saving -his
life, I :'. was • really a : bit /ashamed to
"Nevertheless, Neighbor," said;. I,
after we had .talked awhile, "we must
move the silk also." .
Neighbor studied; then he roared at
his" foreman: '• - ' \ _ . .
"Send Bartholomew Mullen here."
He siKike with a decision that made
me think the business was done. I. had
never happened, it is true, to hear of
Bartholomew Mullen in the department
of motive power; but the impression
the uame gave me was of a monstrous
fellow, big as Neighbor.-. -or old man
Sankey, orDad Hamilton. -•
"I'll put Bartholomew ahead, of It,"
muttered Neighbor , ¦¦tightly. - A boy
walked into .the office. ,- ; r " - -" * v . V -
•-"Air. Garten said you 'wanted- to": see '.
nie.isir," -sa!d *he/ addressing 'the* mas-'*
ter' mechanic:- C ; ; ./,/ .¦..'. :
: "Iv* £o£" % Bartholomew.^V: responded -
Neighbor.-:^ : ; '".-V- } '•'?;. 5^-- : /V^' 'Y ; -' :- :
The flsure in my mind's eye shrunk
pjp a twinkling. Then It occurred to me
that it must be this boy's father who
xvas\fanted. -¦/ L ' : r 1^""-'*^'^" ¦'¦'¦''. -1
"You have been begging for a chancft :
to take out an. engine, ' Bartholomew,"
began Nelshborfcbldly; and -i^ knew it
•was. oh.' . " .'•'. "! 4 "'•._-¦ ' *' '•'!¦-..' : •'V ¦'¦'
-VYes. sir.". ' .'•. '_.'*"¦, 4..' " *;. '/'.- ;.'?/• •": "¦"
' . "You want to get 'killed,* ' Bartholo
mew." ' - _ • /'
Bartholomew smiled, as if the . idea
was not altogether displeasing.
"How would you. like to go. pilot to
morrow for McCurdy? . You to take
the 44 and run as first Seventy-eight.
McCurdy will run as second Seventy
eight." ¦ . ./' ;• :¦>„.- "¦; } .
"I know I could- run .an engine all
right," ventured Bartholomew, as if
Neighbor, were the only dn£taking the
chances in giving him an engine. "I
know the track from here to.Zanes
\-llIe. I helped ' McNeft •. for . one
week." •'-.. / ,.,'¦; / . :;".«
"Then go homeland go to .bed, and
be here at 6 o'clock. to-morrow morn
ing. 'And sleep, sound; for.it may be
your last chance."'
It was plain that" the master me
chanic hated to do it; it was simply
sheer, necessity. . - t
"He's a wiper," . mused ', Neighbor,
as i Bartholomew /walked • sprightly
away. ; . "I -took him';-! n here sweeping
two years ago. '<* . He ought -to be' firing
now. but union : held .him 'back.
Thai's whV; he hates theniVv'He kiioy\-s
more about ' an enfeine now. than -half
the lodge. %TheVd better have let him
in." said the master" mechariie grimly.
"He may be * the » means of •/breaking
their backs yet ;If ; I give -him an ep
g-ine and he runs it I'll never take him
off, unlon^or no uniohi strike or . no
•'strikfe.'^ >'.;*' -i :;•-•¦¦ -¦"¦i.:
' "How old is tha^iJby?"! asked.' '
. ' '.'Eighteen; "and never a'kith or.;kin
that I know of. Barthblomew ; Mul-.
len,"/rhused -Neighbor, as tljie slight
figure moved . acrossj the .-flat; .."big
hamct small boy. Well; Bartholomew,
you'll'.know; soniethinff more f.'by'i'to-.
morrowr night abount running an en
gine.' or a whole lot ,iess." -Thai's- - as'
it happens. /If- he gets* killed, -It's your
fault '¦Rpe,iy t « :>• •. "=¦¦*' S -- ¦ »'"; h
Hemeaht that I.was calling on him
for men when he absolutely 'couldn't
produce them. # v -• J "; < i ~. ' / r r . -.
¦. "I heard once.*V he -went on,' "about
a- fellow named. 'Bartholomew being;,
mixed\up in "a, massacre. "But I^aW'
it he must have' been';Tan -older I-man
than*our Barlholomew— fn'or'his" other
.name wasn't 'Mullen,' neither. * I dtere-.
member just what it was, but It wasn't
Mullen." • - :• _• '¦•¦¦; ;•./-.
; ,"Weli, don't say I "want to < get .the
boy "kllfed,-; Neighbor," . ; I ' protested/
"I've plenty to answer . for. •¦ I'm *here
to run ' tralns-^-when there are. any 'to
run; that's murder enough -. for'.. me.
You -needn't' send' Bartholomew out' on
' my. account.". • . * - t . . ¦ t .^' '-. " '
• ¦. "Give him. a* slow, schedule, .arid; I'll
give him orders. to Jump early; that's
all we, can do. If. the strikers -'don't"
ditch/ him, he'll get"^ through 1 some
how." . - \
It stjick In- my cfop^-the idea of
When I went over to the roundhouse
and told Neighbor the decision he said
never a word, but he looked a . great
deal. Neighbors task was to-, supply
the motive power. All that we had, un
crippled, was in the passenger service,
because , passengers must be moved—
must be taken care of first of all. In
order to win a strike you must have
public opinion on- your side.
]V -waa the •eoond month -of. the
ttrflce, and not a pound of* freight •
had been moved; Sthings ¦; looked |
smoky on the West End.
Tbc general superintendent happen- _
cdtobe with us when the' news came.
"You cant handle It, boys," said he,
nervously. "What you'd ; better do is
to turn it over to the Columbian Pa
dflc" ¦-•,.' ;¦'¦¦' /- - -
Our contracting freight agent on the
coast at that time was a fellow so "er
ratic that he was named Crazyhorse. .
Right In the midst of the strike Crazy
horse wired that he had secured a big
silk shipment for New Tork. ¦ We were
paralyzed.
We had no engineers', no firemen and
no motive power to speak of. . The
strikers were pounding our men. wreck
ing our trains and giving us the worst
of It generally— that is. • when we
couldn't give it to them. Why the
fellow displayed his activity at .that
particular Juncture still .remains a'mys- "
tery. Perhaps he had a grudge against .
the road. If so, he took an artful re
venge. Everybody in the system with
ordinary railroad sense -knew ihatl our*
struggle was to keep clear of freight
business until we eot lio^ot "the'-trour ¦¦]
ble. Anything valuable or, perishable •,
was especially unwelcome. '.S7-,.'V-<.^ V -.-^.'."
i But the stuff was docked and tjbaded
and consigned in our care before— we ¦
knew It. After that a refusal to carry
it would be like hoisting the V-hite B
flag, and that Is something whichsoever,
yet flew on the West End.
"Turn it over to the Columbian," said
the general superintendent; i but the/
general superintendent was not looked '
up to on our division! -He -hadn't"
enough sand. Our head'was . a fighter, ;
and he gave tone to every man under
him.
"Xo," he thundered, bringing down
his fist, "not In a hundred years! We'll
move it ourselves. Wire Montgomery,
the general manager, that we will take
care of it And wire him to fire
Crazyhorse — and to do . it right off."
Ann before the silk was turned over;
to us Crazyhorse was looking for an
other Job. It is the only case on rec
ord where a freight hustler : was dis
charged for getting business. •<**/
There were twelve carloads; It was
Insured for eighty- five thousand dol
lars a car. You can figure how • tax
the title Is wrong, but you never can
estimate the worry that stuff gave us.
It looked as big as twelves' million . dol
lars' worth. In fact, one scrub-car'
tlnk, with the glory of the West End,
at heart, had a fight over the amount
•with a skeptical hostler. \ He main-,
tained that the actual money value,
was a hundred and twenty • millions; '
but I give you the figures Just as they
vent over the wire, and "they are
right. ' i !.f;i
What bothered us most was" that
the strikers had the tip almost as' soon
as we had it. Having friends on every (
road in the country, they knew as
much about our business as,we.'our
selves. The minute It was announced
thai we" should move the, silk; ' they
were after us. It was a defiance; a
last one. .If we could move freight — •
for we were already moving passen
gers after a fashion — the strike .might
be well accounted beaten. ""V, - t
Stewart, the leader of the local con-^
tingent,. together. with his fellows, got
• after me at once. , -• . ; •¦-'/•
"You don't show much sense! Reed,"
Bald he. "You fellows here are break
ins your necks to get things . moving,'
and when this strike's over if our boys
ask for your discharge they'll get 'it.
This road can't run without our en-"
glneers. We're coing to beat -you. If
you dare try to move this. stuff we'll
have your scalp when It's over.- You'll
never get your silk to Zanesvljle. '' I'll
promise you that. And if you ditch it'
and make a million dollar loss, you'll
pet let -out anyway, my buck."
"I'm here to obey orders, ' Stewart,"'- 1
retorted. What was the use/ of more?
I felt uncomfortable; but we had de- <
termined to move the Bilk; there was
nothing more to be said.
Foley choked.: his, train the Instant
he saw j our,, hind- lights! bobbing." | We
climbed down* and ran back. He had
' stopped <• where . we • should * n*T»
stood. if.' I -had -Shut off. : B.artholomeir
ran to .thai" switch to examine tt. The
-contact Might,vgreen.-, still- burned like
a false beacon, andVlucicy It did, for it
showed '.the 'switch^ had been 3 tampered
with, ,'. and V exonerated i ;Bjtrtholomew
:; Mullen /completely. -;Thej A attempt of
'the strikers -to Ispill ' the^sllk iri«ht In
the' yards '"had; only^m*de;-*th.e f xeputa
' tio'n- of alhew-erigineerii'-.Th'irty.rniln
utes' later the TmilUon^dollar traifi was
turned" over.: tVthef Easterff division to
with.rarid " we ,breathedj/ all of
us, a- goodl'bit- easier. ' - '£'¦¦• 'rxiyl '-"
¦ '• BeurUiolomew.iLulIen. now.a.pttwn
¦'Cot runner,- who : ranis .-with'. Kennedy
On we* bumped,, across frogs, through
switches, over.- splits '"andX. into -target
rods, .when— arid /this Is the miracle of
it all— tbe^ioa. got \ her-: forefeet f on ' a
spilt jswitch^ made^a'contact' and/fatter
a- slew/or two,. like a. bogged. 7 horsed she
swung- up -/sweet 1 , on' the rail* 'again,
tender -and - all.;- Bartholomew shut off
with" an .undercut^that. brought, us up
double andnailedher-feet.wlta tba air,
right 4 where she stood. V. . ; > J) \ }h -?.'.' >
.We fi had\lef t .the -track,' plowed a.
hundred/feet across .the yards V and
Jumped/on to another,- track. -It Is the
only; time-I ever; heard of its happen
ing"-anywhere,»but;i was on the engine
with Bartholomew-Mullen when It wu
done. \ - PA~} «' - ,'.*.; »
vinced" that • the . strain had • been too
much— that "¦ Bartholomew was . stark
crazy. - He sat bouncing clear ' to the
roof and cliis-ing ' to hla levers like a
lobster.
But his strategy was dawning on me;
In- fact, he -was 1- pounding It Into me.
Even' the 'shock ' and 'scare ' of ; leaving
the track and tearing up .the yard had
not driven from Bartholomew's noddle
the; most 'Important feature of our sit
uation, . which d was, ' above everything,
to keep out of the way of the silk train.
' I \ felt every moment more ... mortified
at my. attempt ; to 1 shut him off.' I had
done the trick of the woman who
grab's. the reins. It was even better to
tear up the yard than to stop for Foley
to smash into and scatter the silk over
the " coal chutes; Bartholomew's deci
sion was one of the-traits which make
the runner— instant perception coupled
to Instant resolve. The ordinary dub
thinks what he should have done to
avoid disaster after.it is all over; Bar-,
'tholomew ; thought .before. * '•;. .
OTE SAN ; FRANGISGO; SUNDAY : CALll
THE
MILLION DOLLAR
FREIGHT TRAIN
8no_textpiece lace counter to the batiste coun
ter and buy green bastlste to match.
It. is then that you begin to appreciate
the great changes " which have ' taken
place in dress. You 'may follow her
further and see her buy silvered green
buttons and, later, you may watch her
purchase a light straw! hat with long
green feather. All the purchases are
in the height of style, but so extreme
that one must get used to them grad
ually.
"How will you make your sleeves?"
asked one woman of another after
both had been out shopping for styles.
Shopping for styles, by the way, -is a
fashionable pastime. .No goods ' are
bought, but you "go fronj. window to
window making notes and Jotting down
your selections. Then you pay a visit
inside. All . the different modes/are
noted and you take fun stock of every
style in the shop before buying. This
arduous task over, _. the. rest Is easy.
The fair shopper goes but next day and
purchases . the materials ; to ' make % the
gown which best suits her style and h'er
purse. Or she: selects,'^ after; she has
dreamed about it over night/ the -gown
which is most becoming , to l her. .
'But the making of, the sleeves Is the
most important thing of all,' for a gown
is judged not by its materials/ but: by,
Its sleeves. There are ten new/styles
of • sleeves "and each of the ten r styies
has its own vogue. ...
The bagpipe . and '-. the leg J'o'4 mutton
lead ; tor point of popularity^ unless i ex
ception be made In favbr'of the; sleeve, :
which Is very loose an^d largeiuid'whrch"
gradually grows loos'eF and larger
toward the wrist, where It falls away
In a sleeve bui piciously . like the" old
fMWoaed aowJngBie^eve, . ¦. /.':/;/.
But there '- a eleeve \ which • is more
popular than either, the "leg of mutton
or the bagpipe, 'and . this ; sleeve Is the
one which Is very,' full, but is finished
at; the -wrist with a .wide band which
resembles . a cuff. This 'cuff-like ar«,
rahgement, far from being tight at the
hand,' Is very loose, . jihd ; inside j of it
there is* set a- very: wide lace frill. '.
:v This wide lace frill is a feature : of
the newsleeveS arid there are a great
.many kinds of frills. .. The most:every
day one is the lace ruffle, \which is '.very
full, and which •> can be set ' in', the ..wrist
by any one. . It should be graduated in
width, with the /widest 1 part' falling on
the , under sif of the ] arm! : T %<
'; The wrists of nearly; all the new
sleeves are very wideband , into; them
there are set lingerie cuffs; These ¦iln
gerie cuffs are nlade of lace, as their
name suggests,' and Tare /knife plaited.
They are-very elaborate and i come Tat
all prices up to $50. A* very good pair
can be bought made In the shops, ready,
to be sewed in the sleeves, for less than
five, dollars. . •,; ni -. •-%V' : V
Those* who do- not. want to pay as
much as that for the flnish'bf their wide
sleeves 'can ! purchase f'some 'wide -. lace
ruffling and - can* sew ; it j in the^ wrists';
It •should be three, or "four fingers-deep
arid should fall, over v thV knuckles in a
deep, full/ Pretty ; lingerie cuff.
.' v Old-fashioned sleeves are charmingly
finished ' b"y. cutting ] them ;; off Just below
!th^elbow t >,wh'ere\the" v 'sleeve - ';is^'^de«t.'
A.very deep, band "of ¦ribbon is how aew^
ed ' to^ thie thls^theire"
is ¦et'therwide lingerie lace ruffle;>iThi«
makes ; a thoroughly up ' to date : finish
for/any pair of sleeves. : 7 : ,' \
So much Interest centers in the sleeve
that ; It Is dlfflcuit I to pass to ' any; other
part v of ' the ' gown. 'V yet ) one {muf t* not
as Eton-Jackets. They.have deep caj^w.
around* the shoulders ¦; and there are
three capes," one' falling over the other
and each one edged with d'Alencon
lace. * . ; " •
Eton Is made with . a very
deep*^ shoulder. A cape ; falls over/ the
upper part of the arm..: This shoulder
cape, which extends^only. over the arm,
is tflrnmed wltri a' band' of colored silk,
wjth^ lace frill attached. .
•AndstiU another Eton Is cut in such
a'mariner that you cannot find its open
ing, which is really down, the middle of
the back. But it is conceaied with
bandsand there are lace ruffles around
the-shouiders and the sleeves. '.; .
: At;-. the \ dressmakers' convention ):'_ in
New, York it was 'decided that all skirts
should v be ; cut r round v length."*^ This* is -a
short length, but is not ; pedestriah. ( All
skirts ;for, the \ streets fmustibe^Just'esp
caplng from the grbund. I To make them
look - dressy .they : must' have -plenty ;'of
ruffles )' around ; . the} bottom ; 'so * say-.' the
dressmakers. -V ;.' '¦ ; -; V 'i..;_ : --~ ~ ¦ ; ¦ ¦ '_ :
. The^ fancy for ¦ ruffles is. on thevin
creaae; and^ there ' are, many skirts that
;are|trimmed^wHh v 'rofl3M;rightiup/.to
the[waists7[whlch^ a>elalso'ruflled/v^ v ;
, A skirt ibf, cloth iwas?' trimmed -with
three ! very," deep cloth* ruffles/ each with
"a": rope*, shirrjngj atfthej top. r^Thel waist,'
.whlchlwas^maderofxlbthViwasl trimmed
wlth^ruifles bf|lace,1 reichingTfirbm ithe
Heck : right idown^toithe sbelt* UneV^; "; '
; , Skirt s may_ be called '¦ 1850 : skirts and/
indeed, they r do ; partake of the ; modes
of ; 1880,? but jtfcwri *re T t very • far j frbnVtbe
ing as plain and as full f of elegant sim
pllcttr ai the' lSSOjskirtf XnHhewJdayi
our: .freat-iTan dtnotberi i r^rore ¦klrts.pf
sIlkV«ryTmubhlUki7outCp?e«enttta^et^
pilks, but? they were made ,very full iand
very ¦ "plain,"" and \ they depended
upon % the 'i, coloring (an d \ the I texture ; f or
thelr r beauty, i But jnbt bo; now,- .., •:'. .;.
Thell850^W^lM k oaejMeBjt^.aa7,
forget" the coat.\ for this Is of supreme
Importance this year.t •; .
' The coats offer^as wide -a variety as
the .sleeves, yet all have certain- pointB
of; resemblance. v AH rareV beautifully
made, all are exquisitely trimmed, and
all are .finished- with f gorgeous -siee\;es
which fall away from the arm in splen
did style. ;':. ' -•¦• . '
The popularity of the, Eton coat is
unquestioned. ; This ) lit! le coat, .which
is cut off ; at the belt . line, is made this
season • ln'a wide variety of ways, one
of f the neatest of J: which : is ¦..with 1 u the
postilion . back. This .postilion back
consists simply of ,a» couple; of
some; tabs,' but they- form- a finish . for
the back 'of the coat,,whlch r ig very.In
teresting. The postilion ; finish utterly
takes away : any of the! bobtail look
which] lsUhe unhappy^ lot of soj many
Eton' Jackets. 5 *" * ¦¦*.;'','; ' .y: : ,.". .'"': 'r< ¦;. :%
•;"<Tet^ one 'cannot criticize the Etons of
this seaijon, for they, are , too perfect ; for
criticism. } The "gifr who Js'Viittle' too
shbi ;¦ can rnake 'for ¦ herself \ a • suit '^'of
CKam'^colored.cloUi^'She/caii^akV^e,
skirt in a round length^and she; can cut
the^upper) part ;: as an jEton. 7Sh« 'will
' want^to.f slash" it off ;^ short 'enough V^to
show: a"! h^dsome'*belt. Vi -ButV the ' front
sho can* face Iwlth a band of ; turqubise
blue ' Louislne and jiiext fto;; thlr shel can
¦et^^ban^of Persian.;.;^ v^---'" 1 ' ';;,.
'Thei armholesj will ;be jrery ; wlde and
there will i be very deep • gauntlets .' and
below ". the . gauntlets there ¦ - 'will hans
deep' ilngerie: cuffs. jn^WBer^the
¦horV fgirl (can = make * heneffl^WMlaa^
colored^it >wWch)^lV^nbVf make Ker
look^dunipy, - be .beobmirig/ijljthe
season and will -hold its -style until
fallV;. •,'..'• : . 'v r -. r -'-'.:: : ; :"'-"
'.Mftny; of .the.Etons are cut In Buchia
way - tbiit; you r ¦corcelyi recomiieT theina'
feathero raised to an enormous height,
and their .underwear, .< trimmings,".ho
siery, shoes and all were ; in .,white. The
drawing-rooms were shining with lus
trous white and Paris fairly gleamed
as the beauties of the\clty \ moved as
though enveloped 1 n clouds of white, v •
- Again white will be , quite as much
worn as in 1816 days and there Is-, really
no -limit; to the number of materials
that can be obtained in ; whlte.^"ty'hlte
chiffon velvet makes ' a gorgeous even
ing gown and, trimmed ' wl th whl te taf
feta, and white lace, it becomes,;alto
gether •charming.". It is so soft that 'it
adapts itself readily to drapery, and
it is so : fine' in its texture < and so deli
cately. becoming that all can ,wear it/
¦ /.This - is a season that - is specially : for
i the i thin ..woman, but /the ; fatlwoman
need '¦ not i despair."-' Many;; of gar
ments i are designed ' peculiarly ; f or. : her
• and t are "cut ] and £ hung .with f; her ' full
specially '-;in ¦'? mind. v ; Indeed,
there' are; dresses that are made in such
a; manner that one cannot UeM • whether
"a women' be~ fat j or. leaxvf or, her; prbpor
tlons^ are * underneath^ the ¦ long
Uries,^; the] full \. f ronts.'J the Jvblumln'dus
sleeves and the ' abundant ruffles until
not even , she I herself ' can say accurate
ly v whether ; she , be- a • stout , woman ; or
not^S^^|j^J^^pg^5^
¦ A ¦.' fashionable ' "woman \ \ desiring a
handsome \ cloth' suit for spring sought
herTmbdlste^-^'irdMlfcTfin'-lSSO^rdress'.^
"said i «he; ; ; "but ' I , f ear 1 1 < am', almost \ too
¦toutttovwearilt." " •. .
: ' The dressmaker smiled incredulously
and ¦hook; her head. "You know, little
oritb'eji fashions," j replied she; ( "look at
this fgowj^V/Y A.;V^' '.' ,'.' -.L>l : j '\-i ' : - : -' : -
t'\ Slipping a skirt * over "- her ; Customer's
head, iho rapldly.hooked ltjand^adjust-:
herself In the ; mbrrbr, %There she ; stood
array ed In an 1880 r fown^;bf^ biscuit" ? bol- [
ored voile trimmed with ; labe precisely'
the 1 same ".¦hade.:;/ ' . • :
" , The ¦klrt^ .whioh was enormously full,
¦was shirred around, the ¦ hips In . such a
nwinner^thatflt!:added/noth^ngUbHhe
By Augusta Prcscott-
a a r F English gowns were as chic
I as the French." eigbed Queen
I Alexandra to Mrs. Arthur Pa
set.
"They are and more." said Mrs. Pa
get, loyally. Then calling her maid she
ordered her to bring from her brough
am a large package which, carefully
pinned u»> in wrapping cloths, lay un
der the seat.
Opening it, Mrs. Paget displayed to
the Queen's delighted eyes ' a gown
which, in all Paris, could not be beaten
in point of chic
"There is a skirt," said Mrs. Paget
"with a row of embroidery running
around It — so. And there is a cunning
lace coat, of half length, just over the
hips. There are cuffs and pockets and
there is a deep collar." But here words
failed, for both ladies were lost in ad- •
miration of one of the prettiest gowns
that will be seen this season.
Its material was only a butter col
ored Unen. ,But it was embroidered in
white. A wide band of butter colored
Insertion was let Into the skirt and the
white embroidery made a border at
top and bottom of the insertion.
The coat was made of piece lace. It
was tight fitting at the back and the
sides. The front hung open and loose
in a nappy manner, which - carries a
certain grace with it. The pockets and
the cuffs were deep and beautifully
embroidered in white and the collar
was done In the same way. Of course
the sleeves had their lace frills.
Mrs. Paget, who is the Queen's con- .
fidantc and favorite, went shopping
with her Majesty the other day. They .
shopped afoot and nearly bought out a
shop where handsome tubbable summer
goods are sold, her Majesty purchasing
gowns for herself, the Princess of
Wales, the Princess Karl of Denmark
and the Princes Louise. Mrs. Paget
bought a turquoise, a dove colored and
a sage green gown, in linen,- batiste and
latrn. And all the gowns were trim
xned with lace.
This fashion for lace trimming Is
leading its devotees along odd paths.
The spectacle of a woman of fine taste
and of very exclusive fashions in dress
purchasing Ught green lace" by the yard
Is no unusual one. And, If you follow
her, you will see her yaws from the
Is trimmed with'a great many rufflings
and ', is .. loaded with decorations . of all
kinds. It Is elaborate from the hand
somely embroidered skirt yoke- right
down to the deep ruffle, which is bor
dered with lace and used to trim the
foot of the skirt- ' j -'.-..
.The extent to which skirt' trimmings
are' used can hardly be overstated.
There are skirts so covered with trim
ming that the material of the skirt Is
scarcely visible. And over all there is
a deep fall of fringe which nearly con
ceals the entire trimming of the skirt.
The fringes of the. season 'are very
interesting and their uses are continu
ally on the increase. There' are now
whole coats, In" three quarter, lengths,
made of fringe. These fringed' coats
have a lining of taffeta and. the fringe
is put on over the .taffeta in' a. curious
\vay. It Js fastened at the neck, where
1 1 ' ts put on very full. '.It falls | to , the
bottom of the coat and is fastened in
place here and there with bands of rib
bon;: '•".' ¦ ¦- '¦'.-, ¦ ' - r
.Fringe as a trimming upon summer
dresses will, be popular and will' be
seen, upon all the light goods. It .makes
ah admirable trimming for ruffles and
is quite delightful In a pale shade of
creamVcolbr upon skirts and coats of
the ;«same shade. • ¦
Parl s has come, out emphatically . for
white and ,. never since the days .when
the : white flag waved above ; the iTuile
rles'hasso much white been. see'n. ' In
; 1815 .: the fine dames wore* gowns . all 'of
white and , they carried . white . , fans.
Their ¦ heads were dressed ¦with white
: fullness of thehJps and back..,, The front,
was i plain', and -hung, straight In* ,bne '
wide,- unbroken panel. '• The skirt, whiclV
was for evening wear, "swept away long
in what is called. dip length. It was
three inches too long In ; front and at
least six inches too long In the back.
This skirt was cut with straight gores
which were sewed together straight up.
and down and chirred around. the top.
The band of the skirt, instead 6f being
pulled down in front, was buttoned^
straight around the waist. '*f
The bodice was : . cut like a shirtwaist !
with a point whtch was pulled down low
•in the middle of the' front over the skirt
band. ¦ There were ruffles around the'
shoulders,' which were put; on to look
like shoulder capes. One fell well over
the shoulder and down over the arm.
The";" result was i charming/ f or : the
woman, instead of gaining flesh,by.put
ting ' on v, this "gown, seemed --.to grow,
thinner. > She actually gained In grace
as : she walked in this gown, and < that
sausagesque likeness which* afflicts the
fat. woman in a tight" fitting skirt dls-
appeared entirely. , ' v
The stout woman can wear the 1 1830
lines !f she will study them a little. She
can really add to her. inches not a little
and can make her hips less prominent
, by 'treating "them'ln a suitable way.'
M/A:. great change is taking -place in
shoulders. They are now, cut very Ions
indeed and are ten" inches and ' even a
foot deep. One pair of /shoulders hung
way down over the arm and made ju>
sort of shoulderet te. ] The epaulette" is™
now : . old-fashioned and the . jhoulder
ette, made'by cutting the shoulder very
deep, has Quite" taken its place! ¦'
y\ In ; addition : to* this, the '-, sleeves ¦¦¦ are
being silt. The sleeves,- especially of
coats, are cut on the outside almost
•up tojth'e elbow and 'through this open
ing . : a wide lingerie cuff Is pulled. This
hangs down long and can be as elegant
ly'decorated .with lace as the purse of
the wearer, will permit.* An entire cuff,
all 'of the most delicate lace, 'was pulled
out {of -the. slit 'at the back of a sleeve
worn by one of the most elegant women
j< of society. • •
who wears the prettiest lin
: gerle '. cuffs of the season -is :Mrs. ;Clar
' ence Mackay, who dresses In black; with
only the wide ;lace cuffs to relieve . the
: monotony? of * the • gown." - Her. laces are
the', finest 'and \ her, sleeves are ; marvels
In hanging, dangling, ruffles,*,. which are
so arfanged^that^theyTfall far below
/ the l^*aist* line. '.
¦'The: kimono coats are lovely. r They.
"are ~; trimmed' with . Persian.Vwijh ,band» i
1 of ' .! insertion, ' with- wonderful tapplica
: tions , and .'with ; lace. There 'are very
x elaborate embroideries upon* them, v And
-one' kimono coat, was 'trimmed with ro
- settesTof « ribbon/ while . in the
; of; each : rosette* there, nestled .-a; little
; blueh J rose,; surrounded "by a ruffle of
•lace. : ;•.¦-,¦.,'
¦' l It is Impossible. to; deny the' fact that
,1 dresses' are '~ f becoming ' more", and Tmore
. riotously. VxtravagantandJKhere gowns
,once cost a moderate r sum"the price now
'} soars skyward'at"an;alaxming, rate. .-.:
'¦-j .The- jwoinan i -who waa i] content with a
>, cloth vxii last spring^ moderately trlm
*.m"ed.*must now, have oneof light colors,
5 in ,the;mbst slavish! manner.
\ It 'mustjjbe ? covered Vwith : bands "of ¦ ap-
£ pilque,"$with ruf fles. " 'jit f must >, have a
£*£*'.? '??. i "??X*? h -''? L*®if^ r aUng~thV bands
rosettes'; of la.ce/ with f a: tiny.; button in
the middle. Great. button '¦ molds,. cov
ered %with • a crocheted ; outside,-; stand
sentinel up the front of the walat^And
this^stha way the cloth gowns of the?)
¦eaabn. are'mad©, - . •. . ,
Handsome dresses for
Atlantic City and New
port and wonderful cos
tumes for inland and
mountain — The glori
ous gowns which will
blossom out during the
London season—Marvel
ous preparations made
by Queen Alexandra to
give London styles the
touch of chic which they
have always lacked.
THE SAN FRANGTSGO nSUNDA^^GALIi
GOWNS OF THE
COMING SUMMER
10TREATMENT OF HAIRY SKIN.
(Mary)— The use of lubricants, such as
cold creams, cocoa butter and vaseline,
cannot be advised except in very small
quantities for skins that s are at all
hairy, for all of them will promote the
growth of hair If used for any length
of time; but this does not follow on
faces not predisposed to an undue
growth of hair unless continual and
lavish applications are Indulged in. As
your skin does not chap readily, I would
suggest that you use glycerin and rose
water, "equal parts, and a little 'almond
oil when necessary to soften the skin,
or the prepared honey and < almond
cream, which will assist in keeping the
skin soft and white.' Peroxide of hy
dro&en will lighten the color of the hair
on the arms and after three or four ap
plications the hair will become . brittle
and much of it' can', be' brushed off. 'As
this treatment does not r destroy the
roots of the hair it must be repeated
Answers to i {
Correspondents
after a time. Electricity is not prac
ticable when" so many hairs are to be
removed. A skilled dermatologist will
remove the moles and hairs"which an
noy you without leaving any apprecia
ble scars, but do not permit an ama
teur to tamper with such growths, for
scars will surely result.
MASSAGE FOR ENLARGED
PORES. (Forty-five)— With advancing
years the~ pores of the skin will enlarge
as the skin and muscles become . re
laxed. Scientific massage will take
away years of too ; apparent . age, re
storing vigor and elasticity to flaccid
muscles, and is- well worth an effort to
obtain. If this Is not feasible in your
location try home treatment for a time
and note results carefully. Remember,
however, the" old adage, "what Is one
man's meat Is another's poison,"' and
do not expect too much in a short time.
Keep at It persistently and results will
come so that the marks to time can be
held in , abeyance. From your descrip
tion I 'fear you have precipitated' the
relaxed muscles by too many hot baths.
Scrupulous cleanliness can be overdone.
Two or three hot baths each week and
a tepid, or preferably cold. If the shock
is not too great; sponge bath -each
morning, followed by a brisk rub-down,
will assist : in toning ' up- - the ~ relaxed
skin. Use warm water, but no . hot
water on the^face ¦ and always rinse
with cold water. \ As a - tonic add ten
drops each? of alcohol and tincture of
benzoin to the rinsing water. v \ Pure al
cohol diluted one-half is very beneficial
to contract the ; pores 5 and may be ap
plied once or twice daily if it agrees
with you, for. allj people cannot use it.
Massage the face dally after cleansing,
using a 'cold cream. .,
THE LATEST IN JACKETS. (A. K. ;
MO^T-Adyance of "the ;, smartest
new costumes : f or : street 1 wear,- In -the
spring" have short ! Eton \ jackets ;beau
tifully i 'tailored i* and' ;; trimmed ! ; with
strappings of cloth in contrasting color
or weave," or \ bbthi."' The^ distinguishing
touch'on' other styles* is i novelty ) braid,'*
a- vest of embroidered "cldth^orrmany.
buttons. ; Nothing seems': to _equal
an ? artistically .; placed j button : to ~V give
perfect completion • to an" outdoor; gar- ;
MAKING CHOCOLATE FUDGE.
, (School Girl)— Fudge should; be -boiled
four or five minutes; to test; it, 7 drop a
little., in cold /water ; - if r done, at \ will
form in a soft;- ball when rolled!. be
tween, the fingers. ": StirVohstantly, f roni
start to ' finish]' The materials required
are ';-.• two < squares Vof chocolate,: one
rounding teaspodnful^of butter, : two
teaspoorifuls of ryanlla ..extract, two
thirds of a, cup'offsweet; milk and two
cupfuls of .granulated A sugar. A Putithe
milk, grated .^chocolate: and 'sugar ".Into,
' a,new saucepan/ boll and ;^test as * di
rected ; - when i'dohe \ from -the'" fire
at once, . let cool f or/a'f ew. seconds,' then \
stir in , the ; flavoring; and i : beat ) ¦; until
emooth and; creamy.*? the -saucepan'
is set in ajpan of cold water It, will fa-,
cllltatethe cooling process.- Spread the
mixture * In . a ? shallowed : buttered . pan
and , mark^off ; into:yquarea. ;^FIg*or;nut
fudge 'Is: made"! tyt chopping; the , fruit
drVnuts: very fine '¦ and ¦ adding' them to /
the ¦ chocolate fudge ; after • taking ¦ from
ment, nence their well-deserved popu
larity. Fitted girdle belts are a fea
ture of the newest models, and a stand
ing or turned-over collar a change from
collarless styles, although the latter are
still in 'evidence. . Boleros are also an
established fact; though not so gener
ally becoming as the Eton, the bolero
is extremely smart. When worn by
young and rather slender women.. These
Indomitable little Jackets are cut on
different lines from heretofore and nov
elty of trimming precludes any resem
blance to the models of last season, and
yet all of the admirable points : have
been retained. ' These' ideal short gar
ments afford perfect protection without
the fatigue of the cumbersome long
coat, which has "proven such a
to women. : Shoulder, capes are numer
ous and are novel in outline, giving ex
cellent excuses for ornate effects.
Sleeves of the coat order are retained
for the severely plain jackets, the fan
cy and plaited models being almost en
tirely confined to the dressy Etons." The
Louis XIV sleeve ' with the : , flare cuff
and full ruffle, of wide lacjt falling | over
the hand Is the latest In dressy sleeves
for afternoon and evening wraps and
coats.-/ . ]%%*&'¦* ¦''-:': c'*'.v ;i js-
Then, if you like, shake the finished
feather over a hot stove and the heat
will make it look a little lighter and
a bit more feathery.
And, by the way, an aigrette may be
handled in exactly the same way,, but
you must be more than careful, as its
very stiffness Is frequently its ruina
tion, for if a number of the Independ
ent little quills are broken Its entire
boauty is gonei
And there is Just one more thing to
mention about hats. Chiffon facings
turn gray with dust and it is simply
impossible to brush it all out, and even
if a vigorous brushing would do it,' the
material is too fragile to stand such
treatment. Brush and shake out as
much as you can and rhen dip th»
whole into alcohol and hang it up to
dry. If the material has assiynedT a
fair black, a sponge dampened with the
alcohol will clean it . nicely and not
take any of its natural stiffness away,
but either trick is simple to a degree
and frequently saves quite a sum, for
hats run into yards of this soft, shim
mery stuff without half trying.
with the hands so that their heat may
dry it quickly and evenly.
At this stage you will discover your
self with a clean feather, but not a
very prepossessing one. There are a
nt:mber"of ways to curl it and as one
•s nc* more difficult th-in another it is
about six of one and half a dozen of
the other. Some say sprinkle sugar on
a hot stove and hold the plume in the
fumes that will fill every nook and
corner of the kitchen in about two sec
onds, while others advocate holding it
over the spout of a boiling kettle and
then drying it with- the heat of a pas
etove or a powerful lamp. But neither
one of these methods will make th©
pJume look like new, thjugh, to be
tme, it will assume a cjrtaiu amount
of natural fluffiness and not look be
draggled.
Curling with a? blunt knife is by far
the best way if you can be trusted to
handle both carefully, for the tiny
fluffs • are rather brittle and break
easily, but if you draw them quickly
and easily over the blade, each and
every one will curl up and vie with one
another in seeing who can really look
the best. \
POINTS ON „ MAKING SHIRT,
WAISTS.' (Belle)— Shirt waists of \ mer- A
cerized vestings should be made severe
ly, plain; as. the fabric is quite heavy, it
does' not take kindly to shirring or fine
tucks; hoj matter: how neatly done,; it
looks out of place.' -The most 'popular
mode of ; completion- Is half-Inch j plaits,
machine- stitching and , pearl' buttons.
.Epaulette straps /or '.applied vertical
straps on the" waist are permissible.* The
edges should • be • turned in : one-half
inch before stitching. S Do not line 'the
epaulettes "with 1 thV same f abrlc, x It .will
make them very \ clumsy; nnlslr the raw
edges with 'an underf acing of lawn, cut
bias, stitch \ and -i press yon the "wrong
side before arranging on the waist. The ;
waist and sleeves : should j not ; be lined,
for. the '= goods is ' too . firm - in ; texture i to
require'it. - The fullness in front, at the
waist line, may • be gathered \ by the ; aid
of a 6 tape and ceasing: or- laid :inl fine
plaitsand gathers and stitched i perma
nently.; If you* are; of I full' figure, ¦ the
.latter Is advised, v To obviate the~ bunch
dt »r folds % under (the ;; top 1 of i the; skirt'
caused by the' bottom of , th e waist, the
"edge below 'the gathers, should be -cut •
away.\: In heavy fabrics the lower edge
should be pinchedor.bound'with seam
binding ; to« avoid t a; clumsy? hem. . It ; is
not • necessary,:^ to.Vbohe';;the ,*
seam, : ; for ; if j fitted i correctly^it -.will 'not
ride.up. :'Trlm v the ; walst of jbrown linen
with v pipings ioti scarletfand f the .collar;
and ¦ cuff s with ' French; knots ln^ scarlet
silk or; linen7;-.The .waist : : or \ corn flower
blue cheviot will be srnart trlmnied , with '
cross-stitch^ em broMery^in '-Persian*. or'
Bulgarian • colors.^, V. % . ; , y ,
i CARE OP.THE NOSE."; (Agnes)— The
nose ; Is supplied *with a; greater .'number ¦>_
of oil glands than any /other part of the
the fire. . To . insure perfect flavor al
ways use new: pans in " which t to boil
and cool /( the f fudge.
A, GRACEFUL CARRIAGE/ (Laura)
—A graceful carriage . is within the
reach of . every j who ]wlll exert
will power. .To step heavily with head
bent or to. arhble along- with mincing
steps will niake'a fright of any woman.
Practic*"* walking each day with "your
¦mind "entirely ¦ centered on the exercise.
This will enable you. to. keep the head
and shoulders in correct pose, and, by
wearing a short skirt, .'grace and free
dom of movement will be possible at
tho same time. " Lest you forget- you
might try the, plan of pinning a~ small
weight to*; the,. crown of, your hat in
such a manner that it will slip forward
instantly and remind you that'you are
bending your ¦ head forward. Do I not:
go [to' the" other, extreme and' thrust the
chin upward \ and; forward. To ; correct
the ,; habit of holding' the . head to one
side, try.: carrying, a' small weight upon
the head when Iwalking about the house. :
A small bag, of ; salt is a nice Weight to
use. To balance '¦ it .you will; be - com
pelled to hold v your^ head correctly and
this will, in time, break , off the -ob
jectionable pose.' While at all times we
should be unconscious of . self as possi
ble,.nothing' but cultivation will;eradl
cate .faults of any. nature. Grace > of
manner and of carriage can only be
attained by concentrated labor ¦. until
the act' becomes a fixed habit." Learn ¦
to carry the arms quietly, for \ a\con
tinual swinging of jerking movement is
'distressing. If you are very nervous
carry a purse', and; the] hand containing
it | and • the unoccupied hand and "arm,
as well, will soon be trained to ': hang
gracefully ':¦ at'., the ' sides. ' The , shoes
should be broad, with low heels, to in
sure perfect.:; support amd freedom of
action: C-V- '.'¦•" : ' ' ' ' '*" ¦
body,' and It is also highly, sensitive,
. hence its proneness to enlarged pores,
blackheads and 'redness. Continual vig
ilance will, however, keep this feature
presentable if you will persevere in fol
lowing, the directions here givenl De
fective ' circulation, indigestion and the
harsh use of the handkerchief are at
the bottom of the' red nose, as a rule.
A brisk rubbing with a batl- mitten or
a coarse towel just before going to bed
will greatly assist in effecting a cure
by stimulating the circulation. Stop
your habit of punctuating your conver
sation by frequent pulling of the nose.
Not only is such action decidedly bad
form,. but in time it will cause a mal
formation of . the nose. Never neglect
'¦ Jhe nightly face bath, followed with
massage and a soothing lotion. Rub
the' tips of the first and second fingers
of both hands very lightly with some
good skin food to prevent an irritation
of the skin. Place the moistened fin
gers at the base of the nose and, with
a rotary movement, rjib upward, mak
ing six or eight revolutions, with a
straight upward stroke between and
over the eyebrows. Repeat fifteen or
twenty times: the glow thus induced
will soon banish congested pores. ¦ The
: tip of the nose may also receive~a gen
tle rotary movement. The following lo
tion to be used once or twice' dally will
soon allay the redness of the nose, but
:be\careful not to get any of it into the
eye3. ... Take ~ one drachm of sulphate
of potassium, four drachms glycerin,
two drachms of tincture of benzoin and
one-half pint of rose water. Dissolve
t thie '- potassium in the - rose water, , then
stir in the other -ingredients.
COLORS AND COMPLEXIONS.
(Auburn Hair)— The old theory that
blue was the color for blondes, and es
pecially; for, women \ with auburn hair,
has long since been exploded. A better
. cultivation of artistic -tastes and es
pecially ; of color, " values .; has ] taught
women the fallacy of the blonde and
.bluV combination. '/{ As a matter of har
mony-fact, If the term naay.be allowed,
the sharp contrast of light brilliant blue
and auburn hair is most ; trying. Cold,
hard colors are rarely a success unless
selected by an expert, but: soft colors
with a hint of cream or golden hue are
most happy blending, as they'do so per
fectly with the color of - the ; hair and
the . For example: For
house and evening gowns select cream
white in pale or deep shades, and ecru,
with.touches of sage and moss greens,
delicate pinkish lavender, shades of
violet, nile green softened with plenty
of ecru lace, black' net, plain and span
gled, and black silk or black cloth for
. other v occasions. For street costumes
select shades of medium and dark
brown relieved with ecru, cream or
black, warm grays' with touches of
deep cream and black'or a blt;of rich
Oriental or Bulgarian embroidery. Mix
tures In gray and green or with ah ad
mixture of . violet, 2 brown, black and
green, and black and gray or white 'are
all-desirable and may be trimmed with
black fiber ..braid . in some of the' new ¦
and 7 novel patterns.
SCHOOL FROCKS (Mrs. J. W.)—
Substantial ¦; dark fabrics smartly, made
with/ trimmings; of .velvet, braid .'<¦ or
simple machine stitching; are most'ap
propriate -for school . wear. . : : Children
are so restless that delicate frocks are
a' constant ; annoyance . to. mother,., and
. Reserve the frail
laces, .etc., for dressy wear, : occasions
when : liberties are somewhat curtailed.
For ordinary -use provide practical
frocks .which .will wear and
tear without material damage. A-pret
ty ? frock '-' is made • of dahlia .'red serge"
with trimmings of narrow black .velvet
ribbon: and small gilt* buttons. Make
a-Vr Jaunty;: French .; waist /'gathered or
plaited to a circular -yoke,' or the. yoke
may ; be 'simulated "by facing the;- top'
of^the "two piece >• lining which sup
ports the .waist. - Outline the yoke*. with
a circular bertha,* rather, deeply ; point- '
ed « at 5 the^ shoulders : to ' emphasize" the
popular ' 1830 shoulder effect, i Trinv the
yoke with: circular rows of velvet •rib
bon ; and* also say three . or four; rows ':
FOR RAINY DATS (Business Wo
man) — The day has gone when any old
suit is considered good enough for
stormy weather. The wise woman
knows that she looks anything but her
best when buffeted about by the ele
ments with bedraggled skirts and fly
ing locks, and has set about in true
Amerlca*n fashion to overcome the evil.
The newest and most practical rainy
day suits are made of crave nettes cut
exactly like the modish walking suit.
The finish consists of machine stitch
ing, pearl or cloth buttons, coat collar,
inlaid with velvet or contrasting ma
terial and lining of gray clan plaid.
Storm serge, cheviot, frieze, water
proof and mackintosh cloths are also
in evidence. The skirts are gored with
plain stitched seams. or with plaits at
each seam. The side or box plaited
flounce mounted to the edge of a gored
skirt is popular, but not nearly as
practical as the plain gored skirt, which
may be ornamented by a shaped band
at the lower edge. All skirts clear the
ground two or more inches. Coats are
in short three-quarters length, loose or
fitted; also in. Norfolk and automobile
style, with and without shoulder capes.
When the wise woman dresses for a
rainy day she discards all petticoats
except one short underskirt and dons
equestrian tights to guard against cold.
Her hair is brushed and coiled "secure
ly, held with a few extra pins, and she
does not make the mistake of wearing
heavy shoes which will wet through
so that she is obliged to have wet feet
all - day. The sensible woman puts on
overshoes or sandals, and she selects a
smart walking .hat free from display
and. perishable trimmings,' and- ona
which will fit the head securely. \ A'
veil of rather close mesh net or chiffon
worn "over the face and pinned secure
ly, with free short ends, keeps the hair
tidy, while a neat umbrella and stout
dark gloves complete the sensible toilet.
RED MARKS ON FACE (Cordelia)—
Too : violent treatment of facial erup
tions is usually responsible for, the dis
figuring red marks which are left after
the eruptions heal. In removing facia!
eruption* coax them rather than drive
them away. Picking at pimples pro
duces an irritation which only retards
thelr^ quick development and conse
quent quick ; disappearance. When a
pimple presents a pustulated point,
wash the spot | with warm soapy water
and .open "with a ' fine sharp needle.
Protect ''. the", "face from bruising Jby
covering the finger tips,with a perfectly
clean piece* of white linen,"* then '< press
out the pus; "then bathe the spot, with
clean .warm 'water, using, a bit of jCar
bolated cotton. v Pat gently with a small
piece of linen ;.or "cotton wet "with \witch
hazel to^ assist In removing every^a torn
oft Impurity." If 'Inflamed lor; sore/ wet
a bit 'of with witch hazel and
hold oh > the ; "spot: f or ; fifteen' or .twenty
minutes. 'Absolute --'cleanliness ;Is' ; im
perative - in the treatment of ; any
broken . • skin. v If . the skin , is ! very j sensi
tive, a red ;mark may be left, even with
caret" Exercise' patience ! r 'jahd gently
massage the spot every day "with "a 'good
cold cream, giving the treatment 3 hist
before retiring.
of the velvet ribbon on edge of bertha,
belt and full skirt about three Inches
from Its lowest edge. Make one-seam
ed bishop sleeve either plain or plaited
to correspond with the waist. Gather
lower edge into a band cuff trimmed
with velvet ribbon and buttons. A
novel . touch is given by slashing the
bertha at the shoulder and placing
three buttons on each side of the slash
just inside the rows of velvet. The
skirt should be made without a lining
and finished with a four- inch hem,'al
though a cute little drop skirt of sile
sia or sateen may be used if desired,
sewed in at the belt only. Fancy
tweeds and suitings are suitable and
stylish for. misses made either in shirt
waist or Jacket suits. A model in tha
latter style is of nut- brown tweed
flecked. with dark green and blue, and
the modish blouse Jacket has collar,
cuffs and belt of green velvet out
lined with a single row of black fiber
braid. A cream white and brown mer
cerized vesting shirt waist is worn
with the suit. i
>(T^HE girl that struggled to keep a
jty pale tinted picture plume fresh
\ Va looking throughout the long win
rtEL ter may now sigh a genuine sigh
& relief, for if she wills she may play
her own cleaner, for though she hates
tremendously to admit it, sending pink,
blue or white feathers to a professional
cleaner and paying fancy prices is
more of a luxury than the average
lassie can well afford to indulge in-
Flowers fade and soil quickly, chiffon
perishes with the first breath of fog,
so it is about a toss-up as far as cur
ability' Js concerned, but nothing under
the shining sun in the way of trim
mings or hu.t accessories has ever been
created that droops as gracefully, that
is quite as bewitching or as universally
becoming as the flckle feather.
But really it isn't half as perishable
as you have always been led to be
lieve. The wily milliner tells you to
take it to her when it is out of curl,
but pray tell, why shouldn't she? In
the name of common sense is that not
business and who would expect
her to divulge her state secrets when
6he can charge anywhere from £0
cents to Jl 30 for an hour's vork?
There are tricks in all trades, you
know, and it isn't exactly the policy
of Mrs. Milliner, nor yet of her co
partner, Mr. Cleaner, to tell you how
extremely gullible you are, and if sou
but realized how easily that money was
earned you would be sorely tempted to
take a morning oft and earn It your
self.
¦Whatever you do, no matter how
email or insignificant the task, make
It a strict rule to do It well or else
you will always be coming to grief.
• And Just because methods are easy and
the requisites simple, as simple as plain
soap and water, for instance, don't get
the mistaken idea into your head that
the treatment isn't absolute!/ scientific
> tnd practical.
Always be careful when selecting
bowls for washing dainty fabrics. Tin
Is not good, nor any metal for that
matter, as they are liable to rust, but
enamel ware or the brown bowls that
are commonly used to stir cakes up
are splendid and soap and water do
-not injure them in the slightest. One
more word of advice. Never put soap
en any thin material or anything, in
fact, that cannot be rubbed thoroughly
and well, for passing it over a board or
pressing it in the hands sufficiently to
get the soap out makes unsightly wrin
kles and creases and the material is
utterly ruined at the very start.
Instead, make a good tvlher of a
white soap and warm water. Pour hot
water over the soap and let it dissolve
until the suds are foamy and then cool
to the required temperature. When
your bowl is well filled dip the plume in
and out several times, allowing the
fluffy fiyabouts to become saturated
•and you will be surprised to see how
quickly the water will discolor and
darken. If the feather is much soiled,
and they generally are, this simple pro
cedure will sot be sufficient, but if you
will gently draw the tip through the
fingers as you would a handkerchief,
the plume will assume its old freshness
and not show the least s'gn of wear
or tear. *
Under no circumstances leave a par-"
tide of soap in it, for of a surety it
will be a sad. sticky looking affair —
too ashamed o* itself to hold its head
up and look yon squarely in the face.
Fill your bowl with clear warm water
and rinse it thoroughly and if you are
wise you will use still another water
to be positively certain that not a ves
tige of soap remains.
Shaking a feather often brings some
of its flufflness back, but it Is not the
wisest thing to do with a very wet
one. »-as the . baby feathers break and
hang their heads In a silly, woe-begone
fashion. When you take it from the
>. last water have a clean towel ready
and wrap it about the plume so that as
much water will be absorbed as pos
sible. Then In a few minutes pat it
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALI1
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
11Isabella's Crown
Bachelorisms
A A woman can do ; a great deal of
dressing -without much on.
¦ The surest wav for a ' man to make
"In r this day when women, are going
into so many varied occupations . for,
tho : earning j djt: their i livelihoods it ,is
interesting ri°' note^Bome; -of .the more
po^/^WalHing
?, .'. The sewing , in . the klmona consists of
one smalf and one longstitch.a spec'.ea
of artistic, basting. There . Is reason ; in
this, :< for whenever the kimona is
washed, itis-rlpped topieces. This is,
perhap^,',why.thje .Japanese, who ' bathe
' wear such, dirty '•' clothes, while
the ' Chinese, L ; who ; "- bathe
wear such clean clothes.' The ; klmona'
strips are 'dabbed, up arid down without
soap, 11 scrubbed /with fa \ brush > f and . are
ironed by .drying/ them ;•,;, carefully - on
boards. ., One 'of the /sights of a town
are ' these .; boards, with .their 'strips 1 of
Bilk; leaning" against . the aides of 'the .
ho'nVes/',^. -¦."'_,:• '.' . ¦' ; ,,.' " ] ¦ '_ \!
r The; peasant worneri/ not- only do the
When JUT" Gould as ; a young 'man
was wandering about the country try
ing^ to sell books the Queen ' of Spain
was* wearing as her crown the valuable
possession which nbw*of ten graces the
head of the book canvasser's daughter.
When Queen Isabella was exiled she
carried with her most of/ her Jewels.
One of these was a crown, set with
some of the finest diamonds, emeralds,
rubies and sapphires In the world. A
few" ,] years ago . a . Spanish grandee,
known to the Prince del Drago, came to
America. His sole fortune consisted
of the gorgeous crown which had be
longed to his grandaunt. The* Imperial
bauble was offered for sale arid was.
eventually 1 bought by the Gould* tor r
1125,000. It Is now worn by the Count- * ;
ess Castellane. aBBtt '•
Japanese Women
no clew to the presence of the valu
ables, even If the inspector should take
It in his hand, and a book is, of course,
likely to pass muster even with the
most careful- customs agents."
Apothecaries were once in the habit
of using a red light as a sign of their
trade. -It so happened one night that
a druggist found himself without the
necessary red light, so as a substitute
he placed a bottle of red liquid in the
window with a candle behind it. ¦ He
was. so well pleased with. the effect
.that he placed another bottle of red
liquid In another window.
;; This sign made such a brave show
ing that an envious rival cast about
for means of Improving the sign. He
hit on the scheme of placing a bottle of
yellow liquid by the side of the red
one. and then surpassed his previous
efforts 1 and carried all - before him ; by
placing. a green bottle by the side of
the 'yelio/nr one. The three made a
sign which caught the approval of the
town, arid all .the •' druggists ; q*uickly
followed In the footsteps of their more
original rivals.
The bottles were later replaced > by
the s handsome colored vases which are
now' such a familiar! sign all over the
world. -'¦ •
;&how Bottles
with a higher average pressure. To
such a successful point have these prin
ciples been carried, that the latest
types of gun, such ai the one herewfth
shown, have fully 60 per cent "greater
velocity than the guns 'of 10 or. 15 years
ago. The gun weighs 28 tons, has a
total length of 37.2 feet, a bore of 9.2
inches, and measures 36 inches in ex
ternal diameter at the breech and 18
inches at the muzzle. It fires a 3S0
. pound projectile with a muzzle veloc-'
ity of 2900 feet per second, and a muz
zle energy of 22,160 foot-tons. The pen
etration of "wrought iron at the muzzle
Is 37 inches, and at the minimum fight
ing, range of \ 2000 . yards Its ; projectile
striking: 'squarely^ would . pass through
11 inches of Krupp steel, so. that the
¦ water line armor of practically every
battleship afloat would be penetrable
by this Bun.
Theplece Is built by the wire-wound
method. It consists of an Inner tube
containing the powder chamber, and
the rifling, over, which is. shrunk a
heavier Inclosing, tube of giln steel, and
upon this is wound, under very/ high
tension, the wire upon which the gun
mainly 'depends for . Its '- tangential
strength. < Over; the . wire" is shrunk "on
a' single heavy. Jacket, which extends
from the breech! for- nearly, two-thirds
of the length of the gun. and! d chase
hoop or] tube, \ which extends ¦ to : the
muzzle, which latter is slightly swelled
to a large diameter, to give' the 1 extra
reinforcement needed "to. prevent 'spltt
ting at this point.— Scientific Amerl-
THE powerful weapon which we
Illustrate Is a good representative
of the latest improvements
which have been Introduced Into
heavy ordnance, with a view to secur
ing at once greater range, increased
penetration, and a higher rapidity of
fire, without adding materially to the
weight of the piece. The theory of
design and methods of construction by
which these results have been secured
are not by any means peculiar to this
piece, Inasmuch as they have been
followed by gunmakers for many years;
but the significance of this 02-Inch cun
ts that in It we see what is, perhaps,
the most successful combination \of
these qualities that has yet been . at
tained. Although this gun weighs only
23 tons, and has a service rapidity, of
fire of five rounds in a minute and a*
half, it has a. power of penetration at
3000 yards (the minimum fighting
range of to-day) approximately equal
to that of the 13V&-inch English gun,
of more than twice the weight, of a
dosen years ago.
The Immediate cause of this increase
in efficiency is the greater velocities
that are secured , with modern guns;
and the increase in velocity is due to
the enlargement of the powder cham
ber, the . use of slow-burning powder,
und the' lengthening of the bore, so as
to enable the . products of. combustion
as they are given off by the 'burning
to exert their accelerating effect : upon
the projectile tor a longer period and
It has been often asked whether or
not ducks can ' smell. Some hunters
cite from their experiences Instances
that seem to show ducks can smell,
others that ducks cannot. Now the nat
uralist would say that ducks, owing to
their habit, have no need to smell and
hence cannot. This rule is not infalli
ble, but generally holds good. Any
wild thins with such eyes as ducks
have does not need to smell. Nature
seems to have given birds a discerning
nose. A fox will look straight at a man
and not see him, even when only a few
feet away, provided he does not smell
him or the man does not move. A duck
will not only see a man standing per
fectly still at a long distance, regard
less of the wind, but will notice anjk;
change in the . landmarks of its
haunts or feeding grounds. — Outing.
*T ERE 13 where extremes meet,
Lj us* marked almost us the time
J^ I hemorfd comparison of the
+S elephant and the mouse. The
picture shows the largest man and the
smallest folk on the face of the earth.
The giant. Is "Hugo the Great," whose
height Is seven feet eight inches. The
Lilliputians are the Hovarts, brother
and eister. They are more than twen
ty years old "and do not measure
twenty-four inches from head to to*.
Nevertheless, so far as features of
"The Greatest Show on Earth" are
concerned, ' they doubtless consider
themselves fully as big in the public
eye as the Brobdingnagian Hugo.
Both are much cmuller than General
Tom Thumb. Little Mr. Hovarfs
hand cannot completely circle one of
Hugo's fingers.
Biggest and
JLiCtlest
It is possible that she had an ugly
foot, for. she possessed only nine, pairs
of shoes, which, considering her ex
tra vasances In other articles of ap
parel, must have some meaning. At
her death 3000 articles were found
duly catalogued in her wardrobe
which had adorned her proud person.
, Royal annals have never recorded a
more varied and extensive wardrobe
than that which belonged to the "Vir
gin Queen." Even at the age of 68,
when she might be supposed to have
outlived her youthful vanity, she pos
sessed ninety-nine complete official
costumes, -102 .French gowns, 100
robes with trains arid 67 without, 126
antique dresses, 136 bodices, 125
tunics, not to mention such trifles aa
96 mantles, 85 dressing gowns and 27
fans.
Queen's Robes
A white ants' nest is about the last
thing in the world one would expect
to be of practical service to mankind,
yet In Western .Australia white ants
and their nests are put to a variety of
economic uses.
In the first place, the aborigines
sometimes eat the ants, 'and there are
even a few white residents who have
tasted them for the sake of experience,
and say they are not bad. But it is
not a habit with the aborigines to eat
the insects; they prefer to devour the
mold out of which the ants build their
nests, s '
Capital ovens are frequently impro
vised by the Australian prospector out
of these white ant molds. They make
a solid floor, almost like cement, for
the settlers' huts: and in the township
of Derby, in Western Australia, they
have been turned to profitable use bjjjf
being rolled in as a top layer on the*
public roads.
j White Ants Useful^
Wonderful New Gusn
"When the great truth, accidentally
revealed and experimentally confirmed,
is fully recognized, that this planet,
with till its appalling immensity, is to
electric currents virtually no more than
a. small metal ball und -that by virtue
of this fact many . possibilities, each
baffling imagination and of incalculable
consequence, are rendered absolutely
sure of accomplishment; when the first
plant. is Inaugurated and it is shown
that a telegraphic message, almost as
secret and non-ihtcrferable as a
thought, can be transmitted to any ter
restrial distance, the sound of the
human : voice, with all its intonations
and inflections, faithfully and instantly
reproduced at any other point of the
globe, the energy of a ¦ waterfall made
available for supplying light, heat or
motive" power, anywhere— oh sea, or
land, or high in .the' air— humanity, will
be like an : antheap, stirred up .with a
stick. See the excitement coming!"
leading to the bottom. From there
tunnels have been built in all directions
until the entire ground below the little
plain on' which the tower is raised has
been honeycombed with subterranean
passages. \\\ , '
They tell with awe how Mr. Tesla, on
hfs weekly visits to Wardenclyffe,
Epends as much time , in the under
ground passages as he does on, the
tower or In; the. handsome laboratory
and workshop erected* beside it, and
where the : power plant for the world
telegraph has been installed.
k No instruments have been installed
as yet in the transmitter, nor has Mr.
Tesla vouchsafed any description of
what they w|ll be like. But in his arti
cle he announces that he will transmit
from the tower anv electric wave of a
total maximum activity of ten million
horsepower. This, he says, will be
possible with a plant of;but 100 horse
power, by the , ; use of -"a magnifying
transmitter of his own Invention' and
certain artifice's which he promises to
make .known' in due course.
"What he expects to accomplish is
summed up in the closing paragraph as
follows:; :
Mr. Tesla began work on his trans
mitting station about -eighteen months
ago.
While . the tower itself Is very
"stagey" and picturesque, it is the '
wonders that "are supposed to be hidden
in the earth" underneath it that excite
the curiosity j of the population . in the
little settlement. In the center of the
wjde concrete platform -which serves
as a base for the structure there Is a
wooden affair very much like the com
panionway oh an ocean steamer. . It
leads to a well-like excavation as deep
as the tower is - high, - with walls of
maconwork and ' a circular stairway
next. He prayed half an hour before
the block,' then raised himself to die —
and was led away, the > King sending
word that the order of execution had
been changed. So forth came Cobham,
and : having made his last declaration,
prepared (o take farewell "of the'world,
when ' the Sherifft' stayed the execution,
and brought foTthlMarkham and Grey
—all' three thinking that the other two
had been executed. ;, \They were told,
after having, suffered "'• agony of >11
but death itself,' that; thelrj lives would
be ; spared. . Raleigh's f experience , was
similar. That I was \how '.[ they : used . to
makedeath^sentehces'actas "a deter
rent'^ In the -good- old -days. - 1 There
would : be ; danger; for"; those v who tried
a" repetition to-day.— St. James Gazette.
In an article which appeared recent
ly in the Electrical World Mr. Tesla
explains the theories on which the
world telegraphy, system is founded
and what he expects to accomplish by
it. His plans involve the establishment
of stations for the transmission of mes
sages and power, "preferably near im
portant centers of r'yilization!" Oddly
enough, what Mr. -Tesla proudly, desig
nates as the first of his commercial
"world telegraphy" stations has been
established at Wardenclyffe,' L. I.,
which is not in any sense an important
"center of civilization," but a. place de
scribed by train hands of the Long
Island railroad as a way station where
"a passenger alights occasionally."
The transmitting station 13 an octa
gonal tower, pyramidal in shape, and
some ISO feet in height. It consists of
huge wooden stilts, heavily braced and
reinforced, and surmounted by a cupola
of Interlaced steel wires, bent eo as to
form ah arc. In the cupola there is a
wooden platform occupying its entire
width.
TO gather in the latent efectuicity
from the cloijds "and with the
giobe itself as a medium of
transmission to convey tele-;
graphic jmessages, power for commer
cial purposes, or even the sound of the
human voice to the utmost confines of
the earth, is. the latest dream of Nikola
Tesla.
A wi!d horre chase that lasted two
days nrd three nights, and took the
riders over 100 miles of the roughest
country of Northern • Wyoming was
the thrilling experience of a party of
Thermonolis rar.ffers last week.
The party was headed by C. H. Eads
and included Alison Shoemaker, Frank
James. Dick Buckmaster, Vince
Haynes. Tom Walsh, Frank Berg and
Dan Winslow (Denver Jake). About
1500 wild mustangs, headed by twenty
magnificent stallions, were located on
the plains rear the head of Nowater.
The rangers spread out and located
themselves back on the plains in re
lays, while two men started the bunch
toward them. It had b^en arranged
for each relay <jf horsemen to chase
the rr.ustanrs toward the mountains,
in the hope that by relaying with fresh
horses they wou!J be able to run the
Wild Chase
It appears that the ground in this
cemetery is leased, not sold, and if
after a term of five years the renewal
rent is not paid the dead forfeit their
resting places. The bodies are ruth
lessly dug up and cast into a common
heap, exposed to public view along
with thousands of other skulls and
bones of men, women and children
who can never be traced by posterity.
Havana'sGolgotha
• When Americans visit Havana they
are confronted with many peculiar
customs. One of the most startling
arid revolting is that which prevails
In regard to the dead. Colon Ceme
tery, a beautiful burial ground, laid
out-. In .romantic, walks, arched with
superb trees and adorned with costly
monuments and classic cenotaphs, is
Ihe lust home for all, grandee and
peasant alike.
The rainbow effects of the city's
architecture are carried out here, as
revealed in the various colors of the
crosses which mark the grates; ' but
suddenly, and without warning, the
vision is astonished with a grotesque
contrast, which is truly a shocking
commentary upon civilization.
The present agitation in Cngland to
abolish the pronounct*.)^ o? the death
sentence in cases whare it is patent
that capital punishment «viji n«;t follow
will probably mett with the ipproval
of most people Who desire that the law
should lose nothing of !is dignity and
at the same time have nothing of un
necessary horror added. The Lord
Chancellor pleads for the. retention of
the form, saying that the ;«afs:ns; of
the death sentence will a-jt a* .. deter
rent. James 1 Juggled with death sen
tences in this manner vn-1 ~ot himse'f
rather badly disliked for it.. Over th«
plot in which Raleigh, Cobham. Grey
and others were implicated he had the
less puissant ones put to death and
A boat large enough to carry six
persons may be carried In a valise or
corner of a trunk. This is .because
the principle of the pneumatic tire has
been applied with such success to boat
building. These boats are of two
kinds, either of rubber cloth inflated
with air and divided into two com
partments, or of a series of inflated
tubes colled lengthwise. These are
fitted with pneumatic seats, and the
oarlocks are buckled on the sides.
"When deflated they are reduced to the
smallest conceivable weight and com
pass, and the process occupies only a
few moments.
Experiments prove that these craft
wfll not founder in the heaviest seas.
They are so buoyant when filled with
air that they will float a weight of
several hundred pounds, while the
rubber of which they are constructed
Is absolutely proof against puncture.
This Invention promises an entirely
new era In boatbuilding for purposes
of sport and travel.
A recent Jssue of a Japanese statisti
cal pamphlet in Japanese and French
reveals some curious facts of a social
character. According to this report
there were in Japan in the year 18S9
21»7,42S marriages. The age of mar
riage seems to be nearer" that common
ly prevailing in Europe and America
than most persons suppose. Of men
only five are married under the age of
13. and only 108 under the age of 16.
Nearly S4QO married between the ages
of 16 and IS. The number of mar
riages increased rapidly up to the age
of -i, when it was rather more than
26,000. After that age fewer and fewer
men married and less than 1000 mar
ried between the ages of 48 and 49.
though a few men married in extreme
old age.
In the case of girls there were only
58 marriages under the age of 14, and
the age et which the greatest number
of rnarrlages was reported was between
20 and 2L Only about 900 women were
reported as marrying between the ages
of 40 and 41. but perhaps Japanese
women are prone, like their Western
sisters, to cease having birthdays after
Japan Divorce
One of the novel alghta is the old
women ; mowers, clip Jing the lawns
with scissors as neatly *is a lawn
mewer, and stopping now and then to
gessip over their tea. Both in China
and Japan the tending or Mile -worms
is l.ot only done by women, but is re
gar ced as an elegant duty. In China
tach year the Empress inaugurates It
ceremonially, as the Emperor dnes the
spring plowing. In each country the
other important industry— the ten
growing — is largely in the hands of
women.
housework, but out-of-door work as
well. Like the coolies, they wea»
trousers and stand knee-deep in the
slush of the rice paddles, guide the
water buffaloes at the plow, or bind
up the straw to dry on the trees. This
is the Japanese Idea of a hay stack,
niu\ makes the trees Iook as if they
were wearinjj skirts.
It always seems to a woman unnec
essary hardiness to* imprison a bank
embezzler who is reported to have
been a good husband.
A woman calls her husband sarcastic
when the* children are banging the
piano and he rustles his newspaper
Just to make sure he Is reading it.
a girl marry him Is to try to prevent
her from doing it.
It Isn't what a woman says without
looking at you; it is what she looks
without saying it. /\\<
IT is reported that the Japanese
have- had recourse to the expedi
ent, well known in our own navy,
of rigging up false lights so as to
deceive the enemy. This is effected
In a very simple way. A rough raft
is . constructed and a pole erected on
it. on which two lamps are hung so
as to represent the lights of. a ship.
The work is done in some quiet bay,
or at any; rate out of sight of the
enemy. When the lights are all pre-
pared the raits are towed by a torpedo
boat to a position from which they
can drift with the tide toward an
enemy's forts. The enemy. Imagining
them to be a line of* ships of war
(they may be a mile or two off), open
fire. This enables the fleet which 1
prepared the rafts to discover the
range and character of the enemy's
guns, and It has the further advan
tage of making the enemy waste a
good deal of ammunition on nothing.
— London Sphere.
ClpudBor ii; *Electr ic Waves
Deatfo Senicmces
The fact is that Japanese civiliza
tion is most conspicuously weak in th«
matter of the status of women. Di
vorce Is easy. In fact the seven causes
laid down bv Confucius . are allowed.
One of these permits a man to divorce
h:s wife for talking too much. Among
the lower classes divorce is extremely
frequent. It is less "so among the up
per classes, mainly because concubin
age is common. The divorced wife pa
tiently endures her lot, and Ieave3 the
house of her lord with a blessing for
him uyon her lips.
It is a rare thing for a woman in
Japan to seek divorce, though hus
bands-frequently give sufficient cause.
The fact that the care of the children
would fall upon the wife should she ob
tain a divorce is a sufficient deterrent
to the mothers who are poor, and the
condition of extreme subjection suf
fered by nearly " all Japanese women
probably deters wealthy wives from
seeking divorce.
The civil state of the women marry
ing; is. significant. More than 247,000
of the whole number are reported as
<rcaidens. ' and ¦early 8600 as widows,
while nearly 33,500 were divorced wom
en. ; Astonishing are the divorce sta
tistics of Japan. In this report it is
shown that with fewer than 300,000
marriages reported in the year, there
were more than 66,000 divorces. The
proportion of divorces to marriages
was about one to four.' •"
they pass CO. There were a few mar
riages of very old women up to and
beyond the age of.8'J. '
wild animals down, but the mustangs
scattered ar.d the cowbors were com
pelled to rive chase ae best thev could.
Then followed one of the most ex
citing chases in the hirtory of the
Western plains. Frank James follow
ed one bunch of twelve head to PI
card's winter camp, where he succeed
ed in corralinc them, but during the
night the wild animals brol:e down
the ccrrcPand escaped. Othsr mem-'
bers of ths party r»tayed on the trail
until they had run down twenty head,
but in order to overpower the brutes
It was necessary to slay two stallions
that led the bunch.
The riders were not able to change,
horses during the chase, and gave
their, mounts the toughest kind of a
test. \IClse Eads had the most ex
citing experience, being out two nights
and one day in the mountains without
cither food or shelter.
Th? v.i!d mustangs have been caus
ing ranchmen no end of trouble for
years. The herd has steadily increased
and all efforts to capture or kill th_'
animals hes heretofore proved of no
avail.— Philadelphia Record.
: One of \ the latest, devices _of the
smuggler is to bring I in rings,- watches
and . other compact' articles of * value
concealed in books. A thick, innocent
looking volume ' is selected : * for the
purpose and a hole is^ hollowed \ out in
the center large enough to receive »the
smuggled % goods.'; The book . is , then
closed and tied up. .¦ Its weight offers
Our arms were not calculated to
strike terror to even the most timid
heart, since they v.-cro notfcir.3 but
mock wooclrn guns. Yet we boys must
have fancied that the martial spirit of
the old-time sumunii dwelt In those
harmless make-believe muskets, for it
would have been difTicult, Indeed, to
find a fiercer looking lot of youthful
warriors than we were at drill.
What did v.o Btttdft First of all the
Jcpanese and Chinsre languages, delv
irs a little into the classics of both.
Thou v.e were obliged to write compo
sitions in Japanese and Chinese, and
disliked the tasks just .xs heartily S3
American bovs do iheir English and
Latin compositions. YCe were taught
English, also, and compositions in that
language were added to our other tor
tures. Arithmetic, algebra, a short
course in Japanese history, a short
course in geography and * fre?-hand
drawing. ineludir.,T map work — surely
this was enough Cor boys of 13 or 14
years of ace! I feel sure that all of
my young American readers will agree
with me on this puir.t. Elementary mil
itary- drill ar.d irstruc on in rowing
were elective branches; but there were
few boys who did not trke them up.
Five days and a half every week
were devoted to these studies. The
discipline was not unnecessarily strict,
and on the whole our life was even Jol
lier than American boarding school life.
We were a fun-loving lot of bovs, and
many were the pranks we played upon
each other. Even our instructors did
not always escape. Cut "hazing," as
the term is understood in this country,
is unknown tn Japanese students. —
Telichi Yarr.agata's "A Japanese Mid
dy" in St. Xichulap. *
It v.-as a very proud moment for the
writer, you rr.ay be sure, when he first
donned the uniform pf the Kanda
School and bccan;e one of the 400 stu
dents there. The uniform was plain.
consisting of a elsiple blue Jacket with
a single row of brhrs buttons, plain
blue trouspry ar.d a naval cap of Eng-
Hth pattern.
Japan's system of selecting naval
cadets Is aJtojelher unlike the Ameri
can system of appointment by Con
gTf-T9Tr.cn. If a Japanese bov wishes
to become a naval cadet hs must first
graduate from the public school. Then
he must pay h'.s own expenses at a
naval preparatory school. These ex
penses ara cyilvnlect In American
rrency to cb3ut ii a month. Kavin;;
graduated from the preparatory school
ho forthwith cntcr3 the naval college,
ar.d irom t>at time on his expenses are
borne by the Government. Any-Jap
anese boy who has the necessary men
tal, phydccl and financial qualifica
tions can thus beconse a naval cadet.
Jay-aa's Cadets
•very bloodily handled." Cobhani's
brother >;as ; beheaded "like a gentle
man." The Bishop of Chlchester. with
the blc-od of, the latter still upon Mm.
went then to "Lord Cobham. "lim t»:e
Bishop .exhorted to confession. Cther
prelates were ; similarly ungnged with
Sir Walter Raleigh and Lord Grey.
Meantime Markham, another I of the
conEpirators, had been placed ;upon the
scaffold and was about to bow his head
to the ax when the Sheriff was called
away by a' Scotch hireling, and : the
prisoner loft to contemplate the : ax
for "an hour. '. Then he was .led away
and told to' prepare for : death at ths
end c-f* two hours. . Grey's turn was
Smuggler's' BooK ¦
them sometimes '; until *she has quite
a , procession. How , she manages them
Is a marvel, but she. does' it. ' As a
matter of fact, | however, her clients
are mostly.toy dogs, so that makes the
work easier."— Philadelphia Press. >
Dummies' Deceive Russians
unusual," said a leading club woman
the other day. "The very latest idea
is that of; dog- walker. The work is
very, light ;. and consists in taking pet
dogs out for, exercise;
"The, girl whom I 'know who does
thifc^belongrs to "a g-ood family that lost
all of its money.. She is . passionately
devoted: to animals and really enjoys
her walks with the dogs. Her friends
who . own dogs pay. her so, much to
take •'them - walking, and c she collects
THE SAN FRANCISCO; SUNDAY ; CALU
Valise Boat
Can Ducks Smell?
THE SCRAP BOOK PAGE
12BY GEORGE MONTGOMERY.
Goad j utor Archbishop of Sari Francisco.;
the Intent of /the school system : in
order to be fair to all Is theoretically
based on the idea that it will , pay for
the teaching of ho man's belief, but
practically without intending, it, does,
as a matter of fact, foster most ten
derly the Agnostic's religious views by
the very, exclusion from ; the ; schools of
all instruction on ''supernatural religion.
Why should 'not ¦ the ¦ Methodist or: the
Catholic or the Jew consistently find,
fault .with 1 the r system that ¦ carefully
provides ; for; one / sect—the >Agnostic- r !
and excludes: like "privileges to all
others? >.
.Those who; believe in the Christian
religion are quite » willing ' that the
Agnostic/ should ;be protected in his
political and natural ¦right : "of ; following"
Agnosticism for/himself/ but is it not
a little 'too much to ask them 'to? sup
port wHlingly.'and without arhurmur a
system of / education : whose ; "practical
working is so utterly, unfair, furnishing
to the • Agnostic the teaching, of : the
Agnostic religion- for his /children^ and
discriminating / against . the Christian
religion ; and : even taxine the' teaching
Catholics conscientiously believe, and
thousands of their non-Catholic fellow
citizens agree with them, that religious
training should. .go hand in hand with
secular education, and they therefore
have established and maintained
schools where that principle is carried
out, and /they believe that the person
who wants a religious education for his
children should have exactly the same
facilities and help from the State to
carry out their ideas ..s those receive
who want no religion in the schoolroom
at all. It Is just as, much a belief that
secular education should not be com
bined with religious training as that it
should be united. . Agnosticism is as
much a sect as Methodism. Agnosti
cism for the Agnostic is his. special.be
lief, about religion, just as 1 much as
Methodism or Catholicity, or Judaism,
or Mohammedanism Is the belief about
religion of the Methodist, the Catholic,'
tv.« .Taw nr the T.f ahammadan. And pinno
vided for. Those who are satisfied with
the present, system unamended would
find It absolutely the. same so far as
affecting themselves. •
before the Jaw and that the State,
under our system of government, has
absolutely nothing to do "with the re
ligious education of Its citizens. It is
interested in their secular and intel
lectual development, however, and de
sires that they should become as pro
ficient as possible in the arts and
sciences. In other words, the State
desires that its citizens shall become,
bo far as their ability will permit, pro
ficient in mathematics, geography,
writing, mining, law, medicine and
whatever will fit them to become re
spectable and useful members of so
ciety. It does not seek to direct what
religious creed they shall profess, or
whether they s'hall profess any, and
leaves religious matters • absolutely
alone. Catholics find no fault with that
programme. They are perfectly wJll
ing to allow all their fellow citizens en
tire religious freedom, and ask no spe
cial privileges; they ask only to be put
on an equality in all respects with all
their fellow Americans in enjoyment
of all that the State has to give.
We know well that the public at
large believe that this Is provided for
in the present arrangement, but that
public ought to listen with respect to
the ten or twelve millions bf devoted
citizens when they declare that as a
body they cannot conscientiously avail
themselves of these secular advantages
offered because divorced from religious
instruction; and especially ought that
public to listen to this appeal in behalf
of conscience when the remedy pro
posed Is not to be at the expense of
other people's conscience, but where,
on the contrary, the conscientious con
victions of all others are carefully nro.
*y~r GREAT deal of misunderstand
f | ing exists among our fellow cltl
r™"| sens who are not of our faith as
X .to the changes which Catholics
desire in the present educational sys
tem of the country. You hear it said,
for instance, that they would abolish
the public school and substitute in its
place a system of denominational
schools controlled by the church. We
are told also by some of our mistaken
friends that it Is the desire of the
Catholics to control the public schools,
handling the money collected In. taxes
for their eupport, appointing the teach
ers and selecting the books ueed, ex
cluding the State from any voice in
these matters. Then there are those
who think that Catholics want a divi
sion of the school fund, giving them
their per capita of the school money
and allowing them to do as they please
with it without any State supervision
or control. The fact is that none of
tfeos* statements are entirely correct.
Catholics do not want to abolish the
public school eystem, but to extend it.
Public education has always been pfo
moted by the church, which founded
and maintained many of the great uni
versities and colleges of the world, and
which embraces among her religious
orders of both sexes many devoted to
teachings What we want is simply
that the present school system be made
in practice what it. claims to be in
theory— fair and equitable to all— and
yet at the same time bo that the State
may profit by. all the religious forces
We recognize the fact r that In the
United States there is no State Church,
that all religions are on an equality
what school^ it attends. / Let the State
treat the private." or parochial school
exactly as .it; does the- public school.
Let. it prescribe -the curriculum, ex
amine the ; teachers' examine the work
done, ascertain through its own inspec
tors that the work it pays to have per
formed has really been done, and that
the pupils at what are now private and
parochial schools rank with the chil
dren'attending the other: schools in all
those branches which go, to make up
a secular education.
The State, by this plan, [would. control
secular : education as absolutely as it
does now, and it would bring under its
control and extend ¦ ! the public school
system to^all the children of the State.
The schools in which no religion of
any kind Is ; taught would still remain
'for : those .-parents; who "prefer them. /
¦ But if the State would agree to pay
for secular /education, ho matter 'where
or by/ivhom given, /those who^want re
ligious and . secular education com
bined-would build schools and offer to
the Board of School Examiners a body
of teachers that the, board itself could
/pass upon. This ¦.would 'once for all do
away with the everlasting, question of
sectarianism and non-sectarianism, of
reading and of not reading the Bible in
the schools^ and by no other means will
that ¦ issue ever, disappear.
u.You will notice that the plan , I : pro
pose does not ask; the 1 State to pay out
$1 -for/ religious education or religious
purposes. "If pays for secular education
and nothing else or more. '¦¦-. It pays for
so many* hours' "Instruction .In . gram
• mar,- j n geography, .; in history, and * it
need not pay/^a cent - If what ; it; agrees
to pay] for Is : not given.- The grade's in
all \ the schools , can be made the same,
•the -. requirements for .passing : from one
graded to* another;" being ,- identical and
the examinations for all the pupils held
; together or at least by the same exam-;
iners. ¦- ¦ ' "'•''.'¦',.•
This; idea is only applying to the
But the: State" is not hostile to reli
gion. It is simply neutral as between
the ' several- religious bodies,* and those
who have no religious views. JIf,'there
fore, there are. two schools -giving ex
actly the same; secular education, /why
should not both receive State aid, even
though .one ¦ eliminates * religious train
ing" arid ' the ' other/ couples it with secu^
lar '' studies ? : Is ¦ it ¦, not ; as T much an' ; in
justice : : for • the unbeliever to force";, the
believer 1 to'- conform" to his ¦ Ideas about
education -asit\ would; be if i vice L versa,
but" no .'such vipe' versa" policy * is con
templated. ¦ We , must hot 1 lose sight bt
the factHhat? no 'religion and equality
of all ''religious -beliefs . are ; Very differ
ent^ things." v
' T. believe that' this 'manifest ¦ injustice
can ¦ be obviated jV that /every-' school of
the : , land ; 'cah' be madeTa /part of "¦ the
public" school- system,' 1 that the H State
can ,carry out its 'programme of giving
eyeryl child {a* thorough ; secular educa
tion^ without 'teaching it ";anyj[ : religious
system; - aiid - yet ' at 1 - th»" same • time ! no
injustice" need be done anyone, neither
' ¦'¦'. agnostic * nor -the \ and
those .tHat/'^eslre'Xo' Have- their [_childreh
taughtt under*; religious 'auspices , "heed
not be' forced \6 bear! the double burden
of '" supporting 'f schools;* they I; cannot
patronljte/'and, at", the . same time/main
taining/those" jUiey canV \ ? " v ; ; ~
¦Let the' State* pay, for the* secular edu
cation , of "every/- child, reeardless of
ity to payfor two school systems, and
all , this while claiming that it Is done
in an absolute spirit of fairness to all.
As the public school system is now
managed, the only person who is en
tirely sallsfledv with it,is the Agnostic,
for nearly: all the Protestant.denomin
ations are demanding more religion in
the : schools;*, but there cannot.be more
religion in the schools as now organized
without a' gross > violation of ; law. ..T>
of Christianity because it practically
requires those who belleve,in Christian-
schools the principle now recognized by
the State In the expenditure of money
for the care, of orphans and half-or
phans. It pays for their board, their
care, their clothes, regardless of who
gives it to them, or the religious views
of their teacher* or the system of the
Institutions. r ¦
It is the only perfectly fair and equit
able arrangement and will make the
public school system of the country in
fact what 'It is now only in name— a
means of affording a free secular edu
cation to every child in the common
wealth, without in any way, directly
or indirectly, controlling or Influencing
religious views.
We have amended the fundamental
law of our land, the Federal constitu
tion, " not fewer than , fifteen or sixteen
times. Is it treason to attempt to
amend our school system? The amend
ment . proposed is of. the . simplest na
ture, leaving the State with as com
plete and absolute control in secular
education as It has now. Those wish
ing secular • training to go along "with
.religious training would offer to' the
State > as teachers in what are now
known. as private or parochial scho6l3
- persons whose qualifications as secular
teachers the State itself would be asked
* to^ pass upon, and whose 'work would
be, tested from time to time by the ex
amination of the pupils and ; paid .for
then,' and only then. '.The State would
prescribe still the curriculum of,stud
ies, -and ' if desired, the books also in
purely secular : branches. "
~ This, •briefly,' is the sum total of the
change" asktd. /
Why Religious f, Training' Should Go
, ;H and :-in Hand WitH -Secular Education
CATHOLIC PLAN FOR
THE PUBLIC SCHOOL
fight in mass. The rapid fire machine
guns would with such a target to work
upon annihilate such a body. The gen
eral principle of ; modern tactics con
sists in placing-in action at the, most
important points of attack a stronger
force than that of the enemy. The
commander, who by the rapidity of his
.movements can place in action at the
same' time and at the principal "points'
the' greatest amount of 'physical force
will necessarily win the victory.
The new tactics render it necessary
for a commander to have positive and
instantaneous means. of communicating
with every part of his forces, and hence
the Importance of the signal service.'-
The distribution of an army in a battle
may be: compared . to a great wheel,
with the rinV representing the firing
line, the spokes the lines of communi
cation and the hub the position of the
commanding general. Previous to 1898
the United States Signal Corps was, on
what may be termed a, "wigwag" ¦
basis. Wigwagging is a very old sys
tem, and is still the emblem of the ser
vice, as represented; by the crossed
flags. The signal corps itself grew out
of the experience of the civil war, when
electricity 7 first established a place for
itself as a factor in / warfare"..'.. Both '
. armies used "a crude system of * telegra
phy with- such good results that all
foreign powers have taken lessons from
America in 'this respect.'.
The wigwag? or/ flag ; telegraph, has
been used successfully for distances of
twelve miles./ This, however, is' the ex
treme range and can only ' be accoiri-
plished with powerrul telescopes and
with perfect atmospheric conditions.
-Under, ordinary conditions the range is
scarcely more than .half as far. The
use of a torch by night with the wig
wag code, which was found so effective
during the civil war, is now obsolete,
a powerful flash lantern being used in
stead. ..The effective range of the torch
or lantern is about that of the flag.
The heliograph, or, sun telegraph, as it
is popularly called, made possible a
great advance in visual communica
tion. It is an instrument of great
range and consists of mirrors so ar
ranged that rays of sunlight may be
projected in any direction, a shutter
being used to intercept and control the
fla^h. Under good weather conditions
the heliograph has a range of fifty
miles and has been used for twice that
distance. While all these visual sys
tems have the advantage of simplicity
and mobility and require little skill to
operate, they are all at the mercy of
the weather. ¦ So trifling an interrup
tion;, for instance, as the passing of a
cloud might destroy all communication
with"di^astrou3 results.
The ' efficiency /of the United States
Signal. Corps to-day is due to a provi
sion of the act of Congress in 1898.
This act specified that one-third of the
signal corps should consist of trained
electricians. As a result the corps at
once began to draw men from all de
partments of electrical work through
out, the country, and the army gained
the advantage of years of training in
the schools and in commercial life.
IN the advance of the allied
forces on Peking the signal
service of the United States
and Japanese troops, although
understanding scarcely a word of each
other's language, worked smoothly and
effectively together. The line of com
munication was carried forward in the
face of unprecedented obstacles. The
troops covered the distance in forced
marches, the country was unfamiliar,
host'le, atid, to Western eyes, uncivi
lized. Despite all these difficulties the
American and Japanese signal men
hurried forward with their wires, cut
ting through forests, swimming rivers,
resorting to every expedient. And as
a matter of historic fact, by the time
the troops had reached the walls of
Peking communication had been made
possible by telegraph with the coast
by the Japanese and the American
signal forces before the English or
Germans had ecarcely installed their
first stations.
An explanation of the working of the
American signal service will equally
well describe the workings of the Jap
anese corps. For some years the
Japanese in considerable numbers have
been studying the signal service of the
United States In this country, until to
day the service In these countries is
practically identical. Were any further
test necessary to prove the efficiency
of our methods the present Japanese-
Russian war would therefore be a very
gratifying test. The success of the
Japanese has been due in large meas
ure to the fidelity with which they have
copied America, and to the general effi
ciency of their service. The accom
panying photographs illustrate the
latest methods of our signal service as
put Into practice In some recent tests.
The last five years have witnessed an
Unprecedented advance in the efficiency
of the signal service. This revolution.
with all its far reaching effects, has
been made possible, of course, by the
use of electricity. The importance of
electrical communication of various
kinds has been demonstrated commer
cially for half a century, but it re
mained for the Spanish war to show
the world how indispensable is elec
tricity in war. It is scarcely necessary
to add that much greater progress nas
been made in the United States signal
service in perfecting these new meth
ods than in any other country. The
secret of this success, incidentally, is
the plan followed in America of enlist
ing the services In time of need of
electricians, putting them in
uniforms and sending them to the
front. As Von Moltke has said, "War
is the only science that lays under
tribute all other sciences."
The methods cf warfare ha\*e been
completely revolutionized during the
last few years. The signal service has
come to play^a more important part
than ever before, until to-day it is
practically indispensable. It is neces
sary to understand something of this
change to appreciate the advanced
\^ork of the signal corps in a modern
battle. Formerly a battle consisted cf
the- meeting of two great bodies of
troops, with success as a rule attend
ing, as Xapoleon said, the strongest
battalion. To-day all this is changed.
Battles are fought by vast numbers
of small commands. The marvelous
effectiveness of modern ordnance and
the skill of modern riflemen 'render !t
impossible for a large body of men to
Change the faces and uniforms of the
soldiers to those, of Japanese troops
and the same illustrations might serve
equally well to illustrate the methods
of the signal service of the Japanese
army. ,
The work these men were called upon
to do resembled closely -what they had
been in the habit of doing in civil lire.
The difficulties were, of course, greatly
increased, but since the best electri
cians in the country were engaged, no
obstacle was found unsurmountable.
The principal instrument of the sig
nal corps to-day, for field work is the
telephone- The rapidity with which
such systems of communication may be
installed ' is marvelous, especially as
compared with the work of foreign
armies, except the Japanese. In many
tests the signal corps has actually ad
vanced faster, completing their line as
they traveled, than have the troops,
even under forced march. If the coun
try and conditions permit, the wires
and batteries are carried in wagons. If
this be Impossible the electricians, with
coils of wire slung over their shoulders,
cover the distance on foot. It is de
sirable that the. wires be strung along
poles or on trees, but often they are
simply laid upon the ground, with the
expectation of being abandoned at any
moment and not recovered. ; As in th«
advance on Peking, all kinds of ex
pedients were resorted to. When the
conditions make it Impossible to talk
over such lines, a "buzzer" system of
telegraphy is brought into play. A
hood is placed over the head of the
operator and communication is main
tained by means of the code/ Any ex
pedient may be used, but the line must
be "got through at all costs.
The chain of communication Is divid
ed, into three parts— the permanent,
semi-permanent and the temporary or
flying lines. For* the permanent lines
the familiar practice of the telegraph
and telephone companies is followed as
far as possible. Semi-permanent lines
are used to connect the different com
manders with the base of supplies lo
cated behind the zone of active opera
tions. The temporary or flying lines,
used in the zone of active operations,
are intended to enable the commander
to be in instant communication with
every, division" of his command. The
flying-line is only a temporary affair,
likely to be broke at any time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY- CACC.
TIMELY TOPICS OF THE WORLD
OUR ARMY SIGNAL SERVIEE
WHEN THE JAPS COPY
13Special Photographs by
Bushnell.
FOUL, fighting In the American
prize ring is nothing short of
amazing. It has become so
prevalent that both the fighters
and the. sport loving public have al
most completely lost sight of the rules
governing the game, until it would be
a positive revelation to fight followers
here if an English referee should be
brought over to officiate at a fight and
Interpret the Queensberry rules as
strictly as they are enforced in the
land where they originated. Nine
tenths of the fighters who are now
popular . favorites it is safe to say
would be disqualified before the con
tests had gone half a dozen rounds.
Of course, I wish it understood at
the outset that by "foul" fighting I
do not mean that absolutely vicious
and willful fouling of an opponent that
never falls to arouse an American audi
ence to .wrathful indignation, and
which It is only fair to say is very
seldom indulged in. but a technical dis
regard or perversion of the Queens
berry rules, which has become alarm-,
ingly common.
Indeed, to any one who has given the
Queensberry rules even passing atten--
Uon it. Is nothing short of amusing to
To begin with, the rules expressly
declare at almost the very outset that
there shall be "no wrestling or clinch
ing allowed." while those who place a
strict interpretation on rule five would
be astounded at the way it is con
stantly violated In the rlnigr here. It
reads:
"If cither man fall he must get up
unassisted, ten seconds to be allowed
him to do so, the other contestant
meanwhile to return, to his corner, and
whemthe fallen man is on his feet the
That is nothing short of an Imper
tinence. The Queensberry rules do not
allow of any agreement of any sort
between the fighters with regard to
hitting in the clinches "with one hand
free," while as to "agreeing^ to break
clean at the order of the referee" they
are left absolutely no option by the
rules. To an English referee such an
nouncements would be i,th«»- height' of
ridiculousness. »
hear the announcement made irom the
ring side, as it is done 'with unvarying
regularity now, that "the fighters have
agreed to flcht under straight Mar
quis of Queensberry rules, hitting with
one hand free in the clinches," or
"both fighters ,have agreed to break
clean at the order of the referee."
form of foulfiig that the crowd is quick
to disapprove of, because - It savors of
the- rough '» and .tumble order,' but an
other; hold , which . is Just ; as -bad ¦ and
far' more dangerous : is the one I ; have
labeled' "the . clinch 'after, your oppo
nent ' : misses," in ; which "wlth^ his left
arm i up '¦¦ over your, shoulder^ you • hold
his , right . to V his side Iwith your left
while, you'; punch ¦ him in , the ; ribs with
the right. 'In England any,fighter.re
sorting to this trick 'would be instantly
disqualified, but in America it Is a foul
that 'creates' hoTpassIrig 'comment.'
=;Twb "other" forms' of the'same :clinch
which happen wlthi great frequency
when i both fighters have become : weary
are: "gripping ¦ opponent V around . the
waist" ; and . the. "neck and Iwaist hold,"
in ; which • both ' arefclinchlng. , In ' these
twol positions^ both fighters" are often
seen 'wrestliris" each ; other around . the
ring,' ; with : the referee Z using ;; his . ut
most' strength to" force • the men apart.
And yet they are supposed to • be fight-
Likewise there ; are many, sport fol
lowers who do not know when % fighter
Is down. For their benefit it might
be stated that he la down when he has
one . hand and one knee or. both knees
on ;. the floor, and at such : times his
opponent should retire to his corner, in
stead of standing over him, waiting for
him to get lip. But, on the other hand,
a fighter Is up when he raises both
knees, even though his. hands are still
on^the- floor and his opponent Is at
liberty to strike him" then, but not be
fore..^ ~.
If all the Queensberry rules were
Btrictly i enforced and as strictly ' ob
served, the sport in America would be
better, and cleaner.
mgr under \ Queensberry rules. . If In
such, an event the referee » would
promptly disqualify both fighters there
would soon be . less of this form - of
clinching and more clean hitting.
Two other fouls that are regularly
passed without even a reprimand are
those I have shown under the title a
"clinch after a cross .counter" and
"holding opponent's arm" after he had
swung his right at the ribs. Neither
of these ! should be . permitted, and yet
they. are. under the fighters* agreement
to "hit with one hand free.'*;
round is to-be resumed and continued
until' three : minutes have expired. If
either maiw fails to come( to. thescratch
in the ten seconds allowed it shall be in
the power of the referee to give his de
cision in favor of the other;man."
- Both ' these j rules . are simple and
straightforward, without the peradven
ture of : a doubt. There can be' only
one -Interpretation. . Rule three .says
there shall be no wrestling or clinch
ing allowed. There is nothing whatever
in the rules about - "hitting, with one
hand. free," but in the foregoing" they
do expressly state that both hands
shall be free and there must be no
clinching of any sort, and yet how
often do we have the spectacle of both
men holding on with one hand and
slugging with the other.;
Rule five expressly states that when
one man falls his opponent must return
to his corner and stay there until the
fallen man Is on his feet again," when
the round may- be" resumed.* There is
no mistaking that rule; but how often
is it observed by either fighter nowa
days or enforced by the referee? Instead
we are invariably . treated ; to the sight
of the r transcendent slugger ravenously
standing directly, .over hls : fallen 'foe
hungrily waiting ! for him to show | the
first evidence of getting on his fee,t so
that he can smash him. again and finish
the Job before his opponent recovers
his senses. And with |. equal \ frequency !
we see the referee, instead of- ordering
the man to his corner' while the'other.
Is down, wrestling with the Impatient
slugger to keep, him away; from his
victim while the count Is being made. ?-, -
All this- is both, unnecessary, and un
fair, and under a. strict Interpretation,
of the rules is as \ much of ; a foul as
would be a low blow, or striking a man
when he is down. . Yet it ; is : a form ". of
fouling that Is constantly disregard
ed by the public and the fighters alike.
Note, for instance.' how .the discus
sion waxed wroth after; the
Corbett ; fight . as to ; hittingr, in ; the ,
breakaway, hitting with one hand free,
hitting in the '.clinches' and which side
the referee should.have stood on when ¦
he forced the men •: apar*t ¦ af terj each
clinch. In the. light of f. what • I- have'
just said about ¦ the rules on clinching
and wrestling,: ally such talk is mere^
tommvrot?'^|M^j^^P^Bg^^^^f^^
In the first place I the rules -. do '?, not
permit. the nnen r to. clinch, or ; wrestle; at
all, but; declare that, on the contrary.
; Then t there 5is .the^"choke V hold 1 '^se
cured while '"'a.] shifty., opponent ; is .duck
ing f but ; of } hiina's 'way, 1 but ". this is a
arms until, each can push the othei
away and strike out again. Indeed, It
is not a clinch in the ordinary sense of
the term.
The other I have . termed "a. fair
block," and it is /entirely permissible
under the strictest interpretation of the
Queensberry rules, for v while ; one fight
er is holding the other's arms he is do
ing it merely, with his open hand, and
the one . so held or-blocked, Is
more correctly speaking, is quite at
liberty to draw his arms back . and
punches he sees fit. This is a block
pure , and simple, and in no sense a
clinch. -:
But against these two are a great
number of "foul" holds ; that fighters
constantly, take advantage of. One of
the i most common is that . where both
boxers j after countering a. missing take
hold of each: other- with; their right
hands aroundUhe scuff of the neck and
thus hanging , on punch unmercifully
with their left hands free. ; This is what
they, mean when '„¦ they .- agree to fight
"with one hand free; in the clinches."
It is absolutely, unfair and. under, tha
Queensberry '•"rules ''.cannot'" be Indulged
In, , no matter what the fighters may
agree between themselves. - ; ;.
Another common which is con
stantly allowed-to go unpunished,", and
v. hlch xs no less flagrant i foul, : is ¦ the
one I; have ¦ labeled "one man: fouling,
other fighting If air," in: which the- op
ponent who ;. is : getting .; worsted /clasps
the * other around •;" the_.neck I and *hansrs
on to save himself." The man who. has
thus been clasped > around; the neck is
quite right ¦ in f ; banging away 'with ; his
free fists,*;; but It " is a strange and com
mon , circumstance ; that "the ' crowd : will
invariably I cry.i "t oul" - at) him * for hlt- r
ting izi the clinches. ?, Under. the Queens
berry. rules," . as I* have repeated, .there
can be ; -no ; clinches and .'It ' is ', his '" duty
to himself to keep ' on i punching' while
his I arms ' areV free^ .;. ; \ : '.:'•.. ¦'"_ •"•' iA/
' Another _;¦ common violation . of ".the
rules, and , one i that should , be ' checked
rnore particularly/ than V any.' other,*.: is
what Is called : .£fjlylhgr>the i elbow." This
is ' absblutely«unfair/ and \ very .wearing
upon' thefman who* receives Uhe elbow,
and }¦ has Ydeclded ' more^than one * fight
inf favor 'of '.the r man7usihg his /elbow,
when f In * reality "r. he • should i have *' been
initantly- disqualified for such tactics.;;
; they must keep on punching from the
beginning t to the end of the . found.
Both hands must be free. all- the iime.
If, when they do come to a clinch, as
is sometimes unavoidable, as I .will ex
plain ' later, the referee should not be
compelled to focce them apart by main
strength or to come between- them in
any wav from either side; they should
breakat his simple word. ' ,
Indeed, in London and England gen
erally the referee rarely ' ever enters
the ring at all, but takes up his po
sition outside and there passes judg-.
ment . and issues his warnings. This
Is eminently proper and quite as it
should be if the Queensberry rules were
carefully and honestly observed by
fighters generally. But what a sensa
tion such, a referee would create here!
And what a howl- there ; would be if
such a referee were to strictly enforce
the Queensberry rules under which our
fighters so glibly agree -to fight "with
one < hand; f ree", , or to • J-'hlt In - the
clinches," and award the /fight against
the man who committed such '¦ a foul!
' Nevertheless, if such .'decisions '^ were
made with more frequency; the sport
would become cleaner and; better; if
j>erhaps not so enjoyable to the great
mass of ring followers who must have
a gory fight and a . knockout before
they are satisfied that. they have re
ceived their money's worth. r
There are ; clinches in the, ring; many
of t them of .different sorts,;, that are
quite unavoidable, but how. often do we
read in the accounts 'published in the
papers the morning after > any of : bur
big: fights ¦ that one or 'the other • boxer
' repeatedly.:"rushed into a Jclinch and
hung on to save ; himself ? If the ref
eree enforced the 7 Queensberry '¦'' rules
the fighter .who "rushed Into ; a clinch
and' hung on to' save ihlmsejr,' would
have lost the fightby that ye'ry action.
On this page I. have : illustrated ! the
various ; forms ; of clinches fmost ; cbm»
monly and regularly indulged "in with
out protest! fronv either' referee for.' the
sporting public until 'they have come' to
be . accepted as quite permissible. *", And
yet out of {all this arrayj there jare only"
two .that may" be considered*, falr^ under
I the Queensberry .rules. The first' I have
called a "fair", clinch T to differentiate
I t ; f rom 'all f the .• rest, because ; i t \ is i '. one
t of the : unavoidable^ sort,' in 'which , both
¦ fighters, have " come 1 together/after 1 both
have , led: and missed, r and ; is 'i but little
more than ' momentary fj locking . of
THE most ¦ sweeping expose of modern methods in the prizerin^ are the charges
of foul %htinoy which Professor ])e Witt Ci Van Court, boxing instructor at
the Olympic Club, makes in, the following article, which he^ias written ¦.ex
clusively for The Sunday Call and illustrated witlf pictures of himself and Pro
fessor if. B. Cornell, physical culture instructor. at the lAirline Baths, in a; series
of noses showing how the fouls are uiiiyersally coinmitted. . - /
"Professor Van Court is oiie of the few ; men who have developed championship
talent, such as Jim Jeffries, Jiriimy Brittand SanuBerger, and this article, fol
lowing close upon one from the same pen published iir last Sunday's Call, on "How
Fighters Break Their: Own Bones," is the keenest criticism yet made against box
ers who breakthe rules of the fighting game.
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL;
FOUL
FRAGHTING
RING
14never gruinoled at the dlnner'of hashed
mutton twice a week, as Ahough any
woman . would . not , be only Hoo pleased
to ; provide - yoii 1 with a ten -course din
ner every ; night, cooked by •, French
Vchetr" if only you could afford'- to, give
her ¦ sufficient ' money for housekeeping
on such a; scale?.- • • • Are you never
at times unreasonable, bad-tempered,
quarrelsome?;. Yes, I know you'are-not
Carlyle. v That is what I am coming to.
Because; you very joften — well, 1 let us
say now.' and again,, make an ass of
yourself, *do" you regard yourself as in
capable. 1 6t f.eyejr 'sensibly?
Because Vou'are, generally speaking, a
poor /thing,, are you hopeless of ever
being / great under jony circumstances
whatsoever? What I want you to say
to yourself Is this^ These great men
of .whom we read;' these men we are told
[arid rightly- told ! to' admire, these men
who have done heroic deeds, who have
served w^ll. their kind, they were men
asi.you and. I, compounded of much
littleness together Vfth a little great
ness. ' v
I am nonthinking of the little-mind
ed, scandal-loving' reader, who. feeling
himself hopelessly contemptible, hugs
to himself the consolation that all men
are equally contemptible. He is not
worth considering one way or the
other. We^wlll let him gloat over
stories, '/'discreditable — shameful to the
great— if he will. He is beyond the
reach of further harm. But to the
sympathetic reader, the portrait of a
great man as he lived and not as he
posed is helpful. > Let us see them as
they were— struggling, failing, conquer
ing men like ourselves with whom wa
can feel kinship. The laudatory biog
raphy presents its hero always. as a
Pharisee. The '• charm of Bunyan's
Christian was that he occasionally
skipped backward.' ,The place for the
consistently heroic figure -is the opera
and Btage.'. Not that all this has much
to do with the Creevey Papers. They
were not a, very heroic group, the men
that Creevey draws for us. -'But the
book is useful in helping to reveal the
littleness of people that the world does
ill in regarding as "great. Creevey
washes the paint from many of Uhese
gaudy figures, strips | them of the fine
clothes to which- they never had* any
right, and presents them to us; the
commonplace and often • vulgar/ people
that hidden behind their titles they ex
isted. Snobbery, - fairly well paid for
the job, finds- it . to its - interest,, tfc paint
Its masters with a halo of airthe vir
tues round their head. It is well when
a frank chatterer* of the Creevey type
presents them as they really were, say
ing unconsciously ¦ to the world: "Be
hold the little tin gods you have been
worshiping!"* * ' ; . '¦ '
To. some it ; evidently ' appears rank
blasphemy that men and women con
nected with the House of Lords should
ever be spoken of . except in .tones of
reverential awe. 6n"the appearance of
the Creevey Papers * an; amusing cor
respondence was published in a London
daily paper. One lady wrote indig
nantly, demanding that "'the book
should be suppressed. It was'disgrace
ful, said the correspondent, that stories
should be 1 told reflecting on tlie ! great
grandfather 'of our beloved &!rig Ed
ward. Even the great-uncle of -Queen
Victoria, 'it appeared had not I been
spared. What .was the worldr'.coming
to? Loyalty seems to be growing; apace
in this country. It, Is perhaps Sortun
ate for themselves that most* 01 our
historians are 'dead. Mr. Justin Mc-
Carthj% If .he be spared to us .'much
longer, will find himself, one ; fears, in
the -stocks, before ¦ many years. His
book, "The History of the Four
Georges," must surely make the blood
of every loyal Britisher ; boil in his
veins. Thackeray, this lady would have
had whipped r . at j the 'cart's tail. I am
waiting, for, some* affectionate subject
to * protest "against the shameful stories
dealing with' ihe 'domestic life of bluff.
King Hal. Where are we to stop?
There are , reigning monarchs who, I
believe, trace their ancestry back to
Noah. Some loyal 'subject will be writ-
Ing to' the papers demanding that ' all
reference to that vineyard shall be
suppressed in future editions of the
Bible. \ Then; there is ' Adam. I am
given to understand that Adam was an
ancestor of -our beloved KingVEdward.
It has been. calculated as possible, ac
cording to dates furnished by; history,
t'.iat Adam ' could be 1 . King Edtvard's
grandfather only one hundred and
eighty, times removed. ; It la,ap%-tbr the
children of, loyal British subjects to
be taught that their beloved monarch's
great-gran'dfather f ionly a hundred and
.eighty times removed,' was made out of
mere garden mold. -Cain likewise was
a sort cf great-uncle to our royal fam
ily.' Surely the ¦ first few chapters of
Genesis might with advantage be now
allowed -to drop out.'. ,
history is to.be of any service to us
the wart must be_painted as well as the
flashing eye. It is useful to know that
Carlyle once threw the bacon at his
wife. "After hearing, that," says my
irritable city friend, "I take no more
interest in Carlyle. . Who is he to teach
me philosophy? • • • The bad tem
pered old~ gentleman, of. what use is
he to the world?" • • • "My dear
friend, have you never thrown the
bacon at your wife? - • • • Have you
Of course there is a certain class of
reader who should never attempt biog
raphy. "I would rather not Jearn
anatomy," an art student once told' me.
"Knowing what the firm flesh -was
made of— the structure ,of the shapely
limbs — the cause of nature's wondrous
red and white upon a young girl's face
—would rob me of all delighdh my
work." For such knowledge is harm
ful. But the scientist demands it If
ing about the unfortunate people rouna
about you." "Don't," she answers,
"now you've made me lose. my place"
The music worries her. -When they let
down the curtain and turn up the lights ;
she is happy.
The Creevey Papers is' not, a book
to be taken' up and read straight
through. It .-would be like sitting down
to. read through "Pepys' Diary" or the
"Percy Anecdotes:** f I heard of a man
once who, starting at.page one and fin
ishing at page four hundred and thir
teen, read 'through conscientiously, not
missing a line, a work entitled "One
Thousand and One Gems " of • British
Humour." Like poor King Henry, he
never smiled .again. It was not the
fault of the book; it was the fault of
the darned fool himself. The befek was
an exhaustive, comprehensive compen
dium. I have never heard a joke be
fore or since that was not in it. On the
shelves of thousands of hard working'
men and women it remains to this day.
a valued and serviceable friend. Bult
like Betsy Prigg's bottle, it should be
reached down' only when the reader
feels so disposed. This man sat down
before the fire with it. took it up to
bed with him, read it through without
a break, one gem'of British humor "after
another. It is alphabetically arranged,
commencing, with the free translation
of a Hebrew joke against Adam and
ending with a witty anecdote told .by
a famous statesman in the course of
a speech advocating the adoption € of an
imperial zollvereln. The largest divi
sion comes under the letter C, which
contains all the jokes ever made
about cats and all the funny things
that have ever been or that ever will be
said by children.- But D, embracing all
the best known British humor con
nected with dogs, runs it pretty close.
Often, after a;, merry evening, .when
friends have sat around recounting
stories beginning: "I must, tell ..you
what Georgie said the other' night," or
"Well, speaking about retriever -dogs,"
1 have reached this book down from its
shelf. It is admirably indexed, the
groups being carefully arranged and
divided into their proper "subsections,
and with patience I rarely fall to trace
what .Georgie said or what - the re
triever did, to its original source.' But.
as" I have said, it is a book to be dipped
into, not read. !
"The Creevey Papers" Is a. book to
be read for half an hour and then laid
down again. It has not the spice of the
"Greviile Memoirs" nor. the charm s of
"Lord Hervey's" Reminiscences." Her
vey; was a keen observer, a fearless dis
sector and a brilliant; man of letters.
Creevey was merely an amusing Paul
Pry, a gossip- monger of the valet'or
der. But the yalet is of more service
to the student of history . than he ever
gets the credit of being. To his valet,
it is said, no man is a hero/ When the
hero mounts his prancing horse he dis •
appears from the valet's view. When
the valet sees him is when he Is pulling
off his socks. If one wishes to under
stand mankind it is necessary to know
not only the hero but the man. To act
the herd on the stage with the/Hme
light turned upon onejs comparatively
easy. The same actor I can be a hero
off the stage also. But^it does not fol
low of necessity; the two things are
distinct. A man can be brave on the
battlefield and yet be a poor thing _ at
2 o'clock in the morning. Phil. May's
henpecked lion tamer, crouching behind
the king of the forest, while 'his terma
gant wife outside the ,cage' exclaims,
"Come out, you coward!'*, is quite a
natural character. Bellsarius and the
Duke of Marlborough in their own
homes carried meekness to the verge
of imbecility. Statesmen, excellent at
teaching firmness to a nation, have
proved themselves mere fretful children
when face to face with personal dis
appointment. If the proper study .of
mankind be man, the /Study must be
complete. We want to! know how our
philosophers behaved when suffering
from the toothache.
ON" the advice of a friend who
knows an interesting. book when
he finds one, I have been dipping
into "The Creevey Papers." edited
by Sir Herbert Maxwell, and published
lately by » John . Murray; and have
gained, therefore, some useful knowl
edge and much pleasant entertainment.
It is not on everybody's advice that
nowadays I buy expensive books. I
know one dear old gentleman who used
to cost me pounds. On parting from
him I used to make a beeline to the
nearest bookseller's, my trouble being
lest the particular work about which
he had been talking to me should be
sold out. Later, grown more cautious,
I used to suggest his lending me the
book. But th,s was still worse for me.
I could avoid reading a book I had
bought and paid for. But a book he
had lent me. • * • I just had to
read that through from beginning to
end, or he would know the reason why.
It was no good my priming myself with
one or two reviews, and attempting to
confine discussion to the passages
quoted. He knew that dodge. He
would insist on taking me into odd
corners of the book where no one but
himself apparently had ever penetrat
ed. If I could rot answer, he would
Bend me back home with the book that
I fondly thought 1 had seen the last
of thrust again into my hand. He Is
a firm old gentleman. But, in these
later times, I also have learned firm
ness. I positively decline to read books
that do not Interest me. There are, I
know, existing in the world already
books enough to interest me for the
next one "hundred years. To this num
ber every year, experience teaches me,
some half a dozen are added that I also
with to read. For my requirements
this suffices. As it is 1 sometimes feel
doubtful of getting through them alL
I would I were a better skipper. In
telligent skipping is an art to be culti
vated by the lover of A great
lover of pictures I once ran against in
Dresden I could not persuade to visit
the gallery there, because he only had
one day to spare. "But you can see a
few of them." I urged. "No, I can't,
that's just my trouble," he replied.
I'm bound to try and see them all in
the time. I shall pet a headache and
remember nothing."
Some people have a penius for skip
ping. They will sit. down for a couple
of hour6 to Nansen's two volumes or to
Mcrley's life of Gladstone, and rise up
with the best part of the book inside
their head. I have a sort of- relation"
who always reads a book through from
the title on the fly leaf to the print
er's name at the foot of the
last eheet. She reads the intro
duction, she reads the preface to
the first edition. She prefers first
editions; it saves the reading of pref
aces. Bhe had had a certain book for
three days when I asked her how she
was petting on wJth it- "Oh, pretty
well," 6he answered, but without en
thusiasm, "I've finished the introduc
tion to the present edition and the life
of the author, and the prefaces to the
flret four former editions, and the list
of authorities. I'v e only got the au
thor's apology now between me and
the book." She reads the catalogue of
the author's previous works, the list of
illustrations, the appendix. Why she
docs this she herself cannot say. All
she knows is that if she doeen't— if she
ekip bo much as the heading of a chap
ter, her conscience grives her no rest
night or day. It is an odd sort of a
conscience. On all other matters, as far
as I can judge, it seems to be fairly
well behaved— listens to reason, is ca
pable of seeing the other- side of the
question, has a sense of give and take.
But reading matter of any kind ap
pears to excite it. At operas we have
to see to it that she has not concealed
about her a libretto. Otherwise ehe never
looks at the stage, but will sit the whole
evening- with bowed head, poring over
the book. At one moment she is bent
double trying to catch upon the page
some stray gleam of light from a gas
jet in the gallery; the next minute,
with her back to the orchestra, she is
holding the book over her bead hoping
to get the lime light upon it. "Put it
down," we urge her, "Enjoy yourself
while you are still young— to say noth-
Copyrighted 1304, by Central News and
Press Exchange.
AMERICA PAYS FOR FOREIGN JAILS
NOVEL NAVAL DIVING SCHOOL
y Y NCLE SAM'S r money ;¦ finds - its
f ,| way Into -many, remote corners
,y \ .of the.; world, where ; it * settles
V^ many odd ; accounts/ This year's
; book 'of 'estimates,*; for
calls, for' $350 'as our; "annual ;propor-*
tion . of I the [ expenses, of Cape • Spartel
and "Tangiers light, oh the ,' coast of
Morocco,: including loss' by ¦exchange.''
As i " if ;, we ' v did hot V have ; -'criminals,
enough' here. - $ 5 0 0 0 'is ''asked for. ;.the,
purpose - , bringing. 5 ¦. home/ persons
charged r'with"; crime, ¦' a; sum', annually
.appropriated.; .r . • - ; / vv; ? ;^
'The -African, slave' .trade/does not
impress one fas : a. living^ issue, ; and^ yet
we appropriate .the" sum of $100 a year
underi the , Brussels- agreement of 11890
•for; -'the ;)Vof.-^the;f African
slave -trade ;andj the restriction ,of;; the
sale in a' certain defined zone of 'Africa?
of , •flrearmsj 1 ammunition '\ and '. spirit
uous liquors. -.^This is cheap prohibition.
'iwhoj'rattlef off t''6blate
'spheroid"* as' [ it ithat | geometrical "term
settled^ 'the'* question^ of ; shape j of 4 the
earth \ forget^, thatj it i is V a V continued
Btory.V) f orl: which V^Uncle g: Sam-, con
tributes ¦{ $ 15 0 0^ to Wart*., each] y earjs ' in
'stallmWt.^TJhisjlslreally'foji'^niember^
shlp/in^anfaiTOcl^tlp'riTof jearth^meM^
ures Cand> is^independehtXof ;the rrhych
larger ' sum- '. whlclxV the}* Gpyernmeht,
through : ¦ its ; own ;. bureaus ; each ~ year,'
spends e In "ithat^ Investigation^ . : • ¦ -: <;. : .
- 1 In- fact, T | like? ahy.^ responsible r'cltizen
In 1 private^ lifeT-Uricle ! Sam i has'fcertaln
subscr'ptionsl ;to « make of • "a % public
Instructions from the officer in charge
are immediately! 1 conveyed to him '.by
telephone and his reply is noted. Most
probably he<is some sort of a craftsman
to begin; with— perhaps a blacksmith or
a carpenter. He is set to do all kinds
of work .under water, jB even riveting
steel > plates and patching holes in
woodwork with both timber and masses
of canvas and tarpaulin.,. ,, _ ; : ......
By the way, notwithstanding the im
mense weight of . his : leaden boots and
his I helmet', and breastplate, with their
brass and . copper fittings,' it * is' aston
ishing how .; little the man/* weighs in
the water as he Is being drawn up. i'.- '•
j When a full grown graduate from the
training . school the budding seaman
diver is set to work in harbors, cleaning
and scraping the bottoms of .^battle
ships, '.removing weeds' and barnacles
and doing general repairs. ;..; . . ,-. .
An amusing story was 7 related- in this
connection about a r graduate 5 seaman
diver. . He /.Was " sent <below,i to v scrape
the .bottom of the^flrst-rclassibattleship
Goliath, . and was down so ¦ long that a
peremptory^ signal ,r v was ? at ¦ ; last * given
him ' from above to come ;up. " No : no
tice '.waa • taken - of ; this, ; however.V and
presently,- to the amazement and alarm
of his mates." hia tools -began to float
eluding electric telephones arid sub
aqueous searchlights. The pupil dresses
on a platform ' at : . the . top, of the iron
staircase, and it is probably with much
misgiving that- he first steps backward
down the ladder into some twenty feet
of water. The first sensation Is some
what stiflirfg, but he soon. grows accus
tomed to it. His movements 1 are closely
watched through the. plate glass win
dows below and his signals carefully
noted. ' • . t'\ : i '
spirited '. sort j in the family of the na
tions. He subscribes $2300 a year
toward . an international bureau of
weights and' measures and about half
as > much toward an international bu
reau . at : Brussels - for the V, translation
and publication of customs tariffs.
He gives his '•> share ' toward The
Hague court, $125Q a year— -which Is, by
the way, the cost of the navy for eacn
six and one-third minutes of the year/
The. army/, the navy .and 'pensions to
gether, legitimate war 'expenses, 1 ; con
sume every ninety seconds of the year
day and night, holidays and. Sundays—
a sum' equaling, 'to' quote the words of
th« book of ,estimates/-\'the. share of the
United " States "•¦ in), the expenses f or ' the
year 1903 of 'the' international bureau
of the' permanent court 'of /arbitration
created under article. 22 of : the , conven
tion, concluded at , The I Hague, for.' the
pacific settlement of international dis
putes." "• >..: >' • ij^-'r ':¦ .•. -.-,;! ¦: -.. ';;. '
Our; membership fee , In , the Interna
tional'Prison 'Association sis* $2000 a
year. AWe pay, for keeping and feeding
American ': ¦ prisoners 3 In •;. China; : Korea.
Slam * and -Turkey, ;• providing ; no " more
than 50 cents; a day "for; each -prisoner.
' We: also* hire /a ; prison for American
convicts ¦ In ! Turkey : and i pay wages : of.
keepers there; r The wages of our prison,
keeper: In '-.Korea', are 'Just ;$600;a j year,,
but ; : no doubt ,. the i Incumbent ; of this ;
strange I office r would c hate ; to ,be dls-j
placed \ worse • than four Embassador } at ,
the^court/of ;St. ; James./ ; .'
* 4 Some things come so cheap as. to oc
casion Vwonder" as ; to -what we can get
for;the money. V For example, this great
Everything that modern science can
suggest is provided for the. pupil, in-
His working suit is of rubber, which
will hold a reserve stock of air. and his
helmet is screwed to his breastplate
in a way that makes, it absolutely
watertight. He may be much troubled
with his life line and. his air tubes, but
In reality he need have no fear, for his
attendants above, water are. selected
from the most experienced of jack tars.
His teacher, too, is a thoughtful, kindly
and - considerate officer. -
The man who gets to be a patcher
of damaged warships below the wa
ter line must be distinctly sound in
wind and limb. His life must have
been clean. It is all- up with his
chances if he has been a hard drinker.
When finally he has passed all exami
nations as to his physique he is taken
to school like a small boy.
You never saw such a curious
"school." It Is for all the world like
a gas tank, with. slits of plate glass
here and there like a peepshow. The
pupil probably does not like his kit or
outflt, which commences with the
thickest of woolen sweaters' and un
derclothes, and then a nice little pair
of boots weighing nearly forty pounds;
they have big masses of lead on the
soles. ¦¦:¦;.,- , • _
Grand Canary. Not one man in a
hundred thousand could have worked
at this depth, but Lambert, after ef
forts extending over six or seven
months, succeeded in getting into the
treasure chamber of the ship and
hoisting the precious boxes to the sur
face. He netted nearly $40,000 for
himself by the Job and forthwith re
tired.
republic • annually lays down $25 to
ward the support of the Sumerset Hos
pital at Cape Town, "upon the assur
ance that suffering seamen and citi
zens of the United States will be ad
mitted to its privilegs."
The legation at Constantinople has to
have a steam launch. Our Government
wants to build a house within the le
gation compound at Peking as a home
of the school for Chinese interprete'ra
which '. it is desired to establish there.
Its pupils, numbering ten. are to be
American students who, under a new
law, will go out there to learn Chinese
at a salary of $1000 per ¦ year ; while
studying. , • '. .
As fast as they become ' competent
they will-be assigned to our consulates
in the "empire at a better salary; They,
must : agree to '¦ stay In the > service 1 ten
years if wanted and In " turn the Gov
ernment agrees 'not to turn them, out
of office when* the country goes. Demo-'
cratic— for the fear that they .might
give Republican translations 'of icons'iii
lar invoices.- This would be a new ap
propriation.'? ;'•¦' - •¦'•-•• ¦_¦•-' '•>;.-¦• ? ,'
Secretary- Hay insists that -the -con-:
sular salaries in' many cases .be. raised.-:
Sierra * Leone he ; reports . as "most ,un
healthful." In the interest • of our. trade'
with the west coast of Africa* the salary
'should be- made $2000. We now "pay:
$1500 a year." Slvas, Turkey. Is * de
scribed jas" a. most undesirable : place .'of
residence, 1 and- often ¦ one of discomfort
and danger.' The increase proposed is
from $1500 to $2000. ¦ Suva, the : capital
of the Fiji Islands.* which comprises^ a
group of more than 200 Islands at pres
ent; .has'a commercial agent compen
sated by f ees. • It is recommended that'
a salary of $2000 be provided.' . e
IT is evident that the Retvizan, the
Pallada and the other . Russian
battleships and cruisers did not
carry trained submarine crafts
men, and this is but one evidence
of the unpreparedness of Russia for
war — at any rate, naval war.
All European nations, and especial
ly Great Britain, have a 6eries of
schools established at all the great
naval arsenals and battleship building
yards where the work of first select
ing and then carefully training naval
divers and repairers is gone through
with a thoroughness that has to be
seen to b^reallzed. Portsmouth is,
perhaps, tht- greatest of all Britain's
naval depot*, and here Is established
one of the most active of all these pe
culiar "academies."
Any able-bodied man may volunteer
for service as a naval diver, but noth
ing can be more rigidly strict than the
physical examination which these men
have to pass. It is well known that
divers make "big money." You see,
the average, workingman is out of his
element In' more senses than • one at
the bottom of the sea, and the pressure
of, water at great depths causes severe
bleeding from the nose, mouth and
even the ears.
Now and then divers make fortunes
nt one coup, as in the famous case
of Lambert, who recovered $375,000
in specie from the wreck of the Al
phonso XIII. which sank in nearly
thirty fathoms off Point Gando, in
up -ard i one by one and : appeared on
the surface; ' :"¦'• .
\ Feeling \ certain , now that , a : tragedy
had" happened,^*' second < seaman: diver,
was . dressed { and ~ sent below, . only ; to
find that the supposed: dead', man was
fast asleep,' sltting K on^a steel' rail right
underneath the keel jof 'the immense
battleship. : ; ;^ *»-, .C"
When' fully competent ,. the ; . man Is
drafted to a battleship or, cruiser i and
his complete ;¦ outflt is -always., -kept
ready for him. • Needless ', to: say,*: these
men frequently have very, startling ad
ventures, and the most; remarkable and
authentic. of :. these:, that occurs "- ; to the
present; writer/ happened. * to ¦.} seaman
diver Young." of, the >. first-class cruiser
Diana of the- British navyV V . .. - %
The Diana had a hole knocked in her
bottom through Ja collision- and '.'Young
was at once sent down to make tempo
rary repairs,* for, | of :' course,'- thanks ..to
the extraordinary .perfects, system of
water-tight- compartments,', a 1 hole .'-. or
two -in a. warship's? bottom*, does*. 'not
necessarily * mean * ¦' total i - - destruction,"
particularly.if vwell-trained- subaqueous
patchers and • tinkers : are • carried on
board/' V", '.¦'¦>.¦";"¦ : ; -v :>'.:;• .¦..,• \
- 1 The : = adventure 'i of 5 Young :1b a^ short
story. >,;He: Blmplyi got' himself , tangled
up i ln^wreckage, and,:; feeling
gave the'- necessary * three ; pulls on r -hls
life •¦ line I to be - drawn ; up.f-.The - men at
the^ top : hauled lustily,? but*.'only> made
Young's "(condition 1 ., infinitely / worse, >by
forcing .? him 1 * into ' an I upside (down \ posi
tion, where the unfortunate man- re
mained % I or j terp solid', hours ;as
sistance <couldr.be j given ; him.. ;..; ¦¦•\
| There "^he % swayed,, If athoms > deep Ah
the ; sea,^ head' downward,"? his J life- line
and air -.tubes i hopelessly ? twisted '.; and
entangled,;; and \withi all .-kinds' of ;* cu r
rious ; arid!".; inquisitive .:•'.¦ sea /f monsters
coming: around: to see, what was -'the
matter. 1 ' V. *"\ , : \ ¦;.;'-"...¦•-•.•-;/"¦.".,.:.-
THE 'SAN' FRANGISGOv SUNDAY :CALl«
ON THE STUDY
OF UNPAINTED HEROES
15Fourteenth street. San Francisco; A.
iPoulln. 526 Harrison street. San Fran
cisco; .Dan Curran. 5 Guerrero street,
San Francisco: George Parisen. 85
Cumberland street, San Francisco;
Russell Tyler, 642 Grove street. San
Francisco; Lillie .Bjonv; 4034 Army
street. -San Franciscoi-ftGrace Clark,
620 -v Turk", street. •' S&n>? Franciso-;
Mae r. Detrlck, % 1709 . - . street.
Sa^ Francisco: ¦' Eddie^JFFrank, 4193
Twenty-fifth 'street, San Francisco;
Harry Blatchly, 899 Pine street, San
Francisco: H. Irving, 1523 Scott street.
San '"¦''" Francisco:- ; D;-> W. Rear
don. 320 Clipper street. San. Francisco;
William ;• Blatchly. 899 Pine ; street, San
Francisco; , Mabel Mullen. Port Costa:
Harold 'Scandrett; 1136. Fulton, street.
San ; - Francisco;^ Arthur Barry, 135
Pierce- street,— San" Francisco: : Edna
Thomas." 'Napa;. Edward Danforth,
Campbell; : Nora !Conn,;GHroy;; Robert
Butler. ; S5 ;. Cumberland . street/ - San
Francisco; : Florence) Fauth, -238 Four
teenth street; San Francisco; JeannettP
Chase,'- Lodl; -Hannah Bowers.' Vallejo:
Calmo .Wiles, Tulaje; Ella : Knowland,
PasoT Robles; Edith Harmon,"'. Belve
dere; -Miltcm Smith, 1039 Howard street,
San .-Francisco; Bonnylin Luckhardt,
\ Berkeley; Roy Snef, Sacramento; E.
Kennedy,:; Sacramento; .:, Stella Clark,
Vallejo: iMeade Galnes, Richmond; Ger
trude Driscoll, Vallejo.
gELOW are given the names of
the 150 lucky children who
solved the puzzles— Names ol
Ten Different Insects— in the
contest of April 10:
Joseph Schmidt. 323 Grant avenue,
San Francisco; H. Schmidt, 323 Grant
avenue. San Francisco; Arthur Young.
Grldley; Ruth Dewey, 1525 Scott street,
9an Francisco; Hazel Smith. 1438 Sev
enth street, Oakland; Annie Beaver,
Stockton; Donald Young. 4i2 Four
teenth street, San Francisco; Treas
Hannon, E24 Harrison street, San Fran
cisco; William Robinson. 825 Ashbury
street, San Francisco; C. S. Robinson.
825 Ashbury street, San Francisco:
Charles MartJn. 725 Laurel street. Sail
Francisco; Harry Segelake, 1507 Bu
chanan street. San Francisco; Helen
Travis, 526 Harrison street, San Fran
cisco; David Lorlng. Portland, Oregon;
Callie Terry. 2470 Mission street, San
Francisco: •Willie Fuller. Agnew; Fred
Fuller. AfOiew; George Morgan. Napa;
Sidney Harrington. Sebastopol; Jean
ette More, 951 Fell street, San Fran
cisco; Leonard Coombs, Agnew; Char
les Dodge, Santa Cruz; Esther' Kern,
Sausallto; Alyce Boger, 622 Fillmoie
street. San Francisco: Jim Fitzpatrick.
1138 Page street, San Francisco; Clara
Harrington. Sebastopol; Annie Asher,
E24 Post street. San Francisco: Frank
Kltson, 77 Cumberland street, San
Francisco; Abby Conner, 2311 Polk
street. San Francisco; Belle Edises,
1129 Mission street, San Francisco;
Zelma Adams, Berkeley; James Mur
ray, Sausalito; Philip Murray, Sausa
llto; Eddie Edises, 1129 Mission street,
San Francisco; Annie Wunnewberg,
Vallejo; Bessie Irvine. Irvington;
Frankie Murray, Sausalito; Aubert Bu
teau, 3855 West street.Oakland ; F. Rob
inscn, & Middle street, San Francisco;
Myrtle Smith, San Jose; Wilfred Balk,
2031 Hyde street, San Francisco; Daisy
Holle. 1545 Jones street, San Francis
co; Selma Frazier, Sacramento; Wal
ter Farnlacher, 2701 Sutter street, San
Francisco; Ruth Ferguson. 1028 Com
merce street. Stockton: Violet March,
Stockton; Gertrude Miller, Alameda;
George Alder. 2701 Sutter street, San
Francisco: Adele Badarous, 104 Baker
street, San Francisco; C. B. Heintz,
Sacramento; Genevieve Mitchell, Au
burn; Irene Montague, Lathrop; Beat
rice Miner, Alameda: • Cora Sprajyue,
Sacramento; Janet Hughes, 346 Arling
ton street, San Francisco; Grace Wolf,
Annette; . Cora Gorhaxn, San Miguel;
Janet Hansen, Los Banos; Lillian
Weltz. Glen Ellen: Irene Woods, 1252
Campbell Street, Oakland; M. Zucker,
523 Eddy street, San Franclscoj Ger
trude Hood. Fruitvale: Xick Kelly,
Vallejo; Frank Kelly, Vallejo;. Daisy
Pendergast, Vallejo; Olive Nichols. 194
Guerrero street,- San Francisco; Elmer
Hood. Gold Run; Jennie Nelson: Josle
Galllgan; Elvctfa Boardman, Nevada
City: Maurice /.Marders, Coiusa; Olea
Jensen, Suisun: Clauce Hamilton, Sil
ver City: Caroline Greene, North Val
lejo: Kenneth Campbell. Fruitvale: F.
T. , Haines. 548 Stockton street, San
FranciRco; Ruth Gee. Vallejo: -Leslie
Kerdcll. Alameda; James Levinson, £$-
Cumberland 6treet, San Francisco:
MJnnic Smith, 38 Steuart street, San
Francisco; Elmic Hausen,. Los. Banos;
Carrie Day, Eureka: F. T. Cobum, Ala-,
meda; Alfred Clark, Santa Barbara:
Harry Levinson. 88. Cumberland
street. San > Francisco;. Charlie
Levlnroa, S8 Cumberland .. street,
San Francisco; Annie ParsIL: Suigun;
Harry Nelson, Fatrfield; Mabel -Lund,
Sulsun; Ruby Pratt, Eugene. Or.;iWil
ber Green. Vallejo; Ila- Snider. -Fall
River Mills; Maude Laddish,, Benicia;
Charles Bleil. San Mat eo ;. Raymond
Hall. 900 Rutter street, San Francisco;
Pearl Holle. 1545 Jones- street, San
Francisco: Lloyd Locke, Sacramento;
Clay Locke, Sacramento; Ruth Miles,
Sacramento; Burnett Wilson,, Tulare;
Albert Margo, 2409 Pacific avenue, San
Francisco: Mary Hughes. 346 Arlington
street, San Francisco; Walter Pratt,
Crockett: MoUie Smith, 40 Steuart
street. San Francisco; Flora Snef, Sac
ramento; Mabel Parent. Menlo Park;
Carrie Merrill, 2192 Fifteenth street,
San Francisco: Ruth Wiles. Tulare:
Lucile Brown, Menlo Park: Ruth
Dunckhorst. Sacramento; May Carney,'
Stockton;- Eleanor Coll. 27 Fell. street,
San Francisco; Osborne Doane,. Ala
meda; Bertha Steffens, 1808 Larkin
street. San Francisco; Irwin Carlson,
2S7 Hayes street. San Francisco; Re
frfna Ryerson. 2133 ' Union street, San
Francisco: Olivia Smith. Santa Rosa:
R. Le Feyre, Vallejo; Grace Fauth, 23S
WINNERS
OF APRIL 10.
THE V SAN- FRANGISCO : :: SUKT>XY? CAtt.
NAME PUZZLES
NEW PRIZES TO-DAY
BsaUWFUT Bocks— 0ns id and FfFty oP Th^n-i—
Foi- Thos^ Who Can :£U«*S f H€S« ;PUzzT^:
•— MUZZLE workers, here is something to Ilycn up your ; interest.* 'It' Is a new selected Hat of popular titles
jf» )ln handy ' volume size presented in dainty ami effective <Jbiiidlngs.> .For, 'Instance. each ;bpok: is bound
\* in half white vellum and sold, with -artistic f rontis picTurcs [in; colors, r.with gold sides and gilt top.
1 Just think how beautifully decorative these books wiHappcarln ybiir^ Hbrarics. . And all that you
have to do is to find four 'different musical Instruments represented iiVpieturcs 1, 2, 3 and 4 ami four dif-.
ferent kinds of candy in pictures .",, 0, 7 and 8. That is easy. You all know: alwut. horns, pianos, whistles
and things, and — well,, who doesn't know all nbout <™ndy,\chocofc»tcs. peppermints, , wlntcrsrreen and all
sorts of nice goodies? Oh, Indeed tlic«e puzzles arc too easy thls^c**^ 7 - ;; --"•»,'
But, children,, pay strict attention htr.v. Here is somethinK the Piizzlc Editor wants to speak of par
ticularly. You must riot. only give your name and/ Uic town and State wherein you live, but the street or
postoffice number. This is Important .because many books are behis. returned because of incorrect ad-,
dresses^ And don't forget the gallery, of honor. . ' .•..'" ' V . i,i - > '
PLBJVSE DON'T SEND IN' ANY TIXTYPK PICTURES OR PROOFS THAT ARE XJNTONK^---which
means Uiat they will fade as soon a s they are exposed to the '.sun/ and don't forget to write, yoiir, name/ and (
address on the back of each and every photograph; Aiid by aU means be sure Uiat you are a prlre,win
ner before you send in any picture at all. '}. ':¦•''•¦' ¦ ; •>.'•-¦ \ - ¦ '••' '/ ".- " ; -"•'',- * ¦'¦¦ •¦•'
' And remember thLs:: You will all have a chance not only to win one of those ; 150 prize*; 'bat ge»
your picture published as well. The Puzzle Editor xvants all the prize winners to send In their pictures,
—the whole 150 every week If possible. Begin right jiimv. wait. .¦ The more^ the merrier: Thera;
can't be too many. But remember, o"iity;the prize winners can have; their, pictures pubUshed.; ;
TILERE ARE ONE HUNDRED . AND FIFTY PRIZES^ and this Is what you must do to win one ol
~~ Find the names of Four DIfT cr ciit>ftislcaltInstrumcnts as shown in pictures 1, 2, Sand 4 and Four
Kinds of Candy as shown In pictures- 3, 0, 7 and 8 on .this, page t and ; write .them out in the space
opposite the proper corresponding number provided for the purpose. in the t coupon., on this page, as per di
rections: ttil in the coupon with your iiame andaddress and the prize you deslre-^if you win— «nd send the
coupon to;Vhc EDITOR lOFiTW^^^^^SaM^AGJ^fB^daj^C^h'i^ an I**™??* 800 ? '-W? 3 ~ V '
v \ R*LME3IBEli--To the FIRST ONE HUNDRED AND iFIFTY BOYS ¥ *?° S ?J | V ?i he *££?
V Xai»c Puzzles correctly, one of the*i;bNK HUNDRED AND^^^ Y fiEA^? F I^^ S^lJ f!^ E^
And don't forget this next point. '.because it Is vcr> important:! ALL -ANSWERS MUST REACH
''¦¦ THIS OFFICE BY FRIDAY NOON. vThb» ; elves all. those in the countryman eqnal\chan<*,tb, compete.
Read everything on thisjpagc. tobc>«ire that^6uoverlooi( n^^at^^h^you^^^prixe^^
-THE NAMES, OF THE LUCKY WINNERS WILLBE PUBLISHED IN THE SUNDAY CALJji VI O
AVEEKSFRO^kl TO-DAY, May; 8. , ; V ;^ : . ¦ . ." ¦ - „ '~''t ¦"'¦
These are the TWENTY BE AUT'FUL BOOKS from which you may [choose If yon solve ajr the « puz-
Adventiircs of a BrownieTby Mulock; Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, by Carroll; The Blythedale Ro-
S mancc, by Ilawthome ; A Child's - G irden of Verses, by Stevenson ; The Chimes, by ;' Dickens; Cranford, by
Gaskell; Gulliver's Travels, by Swift; Pilgrim's Progress, by John ;Bunyan: .The Sons: .of Hiawatha, by
Ixjngfcllow: Laddie and Miss Toosey's Mission; Lucile, by Meredith; The Itfagic Nuts, by Molesworth; Old
-Cliristriiasrby Tr\rrigrPai-adise'Lost,by;Mnton; Tlie Pleasures of r Llfe,- by; Ljibl>ock;.Rab*nd~His Friends,
.by BrowTi; Tom Brown's School Days, by Hughes; Treasure Island, by Stevenson; Shakespeare's Heroines,
16
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the. Coupon
and Send It to
the Fuzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor. Sunday CalL
San Frandsco:
Below hi their proper num-
bers please find my solution ot
Four . Different Musical Instru-
ments and Four Kinds of Candy
represented in this week's Name
Puzzles:
1 «.«-»»:<»-» — x— — «— ac» in ¦¦• mm
S > -p wrMMM — y — x—^— x»» ••tat
April 24, 1904.
Name » .»-» <«-*»»<•»•<{>-«¦¦:¦ mnn
City .»-«•••••-•••• •-••-•«£•-•*»«
. State ;» U + • — «. .»•* ••••->•
U I win I choose for prize
(See List of Prizes.)handsome ; ; on hair dressed V low - on ; the
neck.}' Some, crowns also arcmade of a
tiny _ wreath, 'of ; roses and velvet ' bows.
MAY YOHE/ SINGING \ ¦<,
• '¦> -J? .^GAIX= IX- LOXDOX
; LONDON, -A pri I ; 23.— May ; Yohe -has
reappeared; atKtlie' Hippodrome •' Music
Hall in: Brighton/; and Us "singing^ her
old songs,} "Ma CHoney, vMa.vHoney,"
and • "Lazi'iyyv' Drowsily," ; r from / "Little
Christopher ¦Golumbus," which/was the
rage in -London'" ten years ago.' ' She re
tains some "of .the sweet 'notes of her
voice arid^a; good* deal 1 of her charm,
but; instead; ofjbelngj a "slight, ," graceful
girl she i now -is' a stately . woman. She
is to appear, soon; in -the syndicate halls
of the WestEncl 'of London at a salary
of $500 *a. week.*,- . ...v- . * : . .*
Until 'they. went to Brighton" she. and
her.- husb'and.** Major 'Putnam' Bradlee
Strong of : , New iYdrk," .'could be \ seen 'in
the. dining-room! every night at " the
CarltonV .,,Oile y evening r Lord : Francis
Hope ¦ arrived '. on Jthe* scene -with' his
new L bride.'-'. : mie». two A parties v saluted
each '. other-and' smiled, 'but • did not
speak r \ •>, ..;..... -'--.'. -V. ¦¦-¦-'
Panama Hats Are Proper.
: LONDON, April 23.— Hatters' shop
window3 are full of straws, and it is
apparent that the Panama or its sub
stitute should be more *" in • evidence
than ever., if ;¦ preparations of * hatters
are appreciated by the public. Women
also ' may fbe seen : under the shade ; of
the so-called Panama, - the models
shown having, a. bell crown and broad
brim. 'A loose silk scarf is tied about
the crown;"' hanging oyer.'thV'back in
graceful folds. j, .' .
ComiMJM*r to Be " Married.
MENTONE. April 23.— Mrs. Helen
Wright, the composer of so < many
sweet songs, ; including, the now. cele
brated "Violets," will be marriedrheri*
shortly to Baron Sea lie!, a naturalized
Englishman, and also an accomplish
ed : musician. Helen Wright, one of
the three. daughters of , the late Carl
Rosa, to .whom the ' English opem
owes so much, has' purchased a Tilla
near Cape -Mar lin. •
_; MONTE' CARLO. April 23.'— It is an
Instructive * comment upon the reports
of < phenomenal gain by, gamblers at the
tables* thisYseason: that \ the* receipts "to
date- are' $1)250,000; ahead .of ;last "year,
when .they : were : more than ; $6,000,000.
,T1h>- only t'blg ' player * who " took -away
considerable" gains this season was Lord
Villicrs; AwHb told ; a ' friend ; that he
cleared $110,000.'
Fabulous • Profits < at Monte ' Carlo.
and mother were Lord and Lady Lieu
tenant of Ireland, and they had an ex
citing time of - it altogether. The
country was convulsed >ith political
strife, while a devastating famine
swept the land, but^th'e'late Duchess
was equal to the" occasion. She worked
hard to ameliorate the conditions of the
people and by her personal aid ; many
Irish families were kept -from' starving.
She even enlisted ; the co-operation " of
music hall artists.
The poor old Duke stood silently
while. the Duchess worked; indeed, she
practically administered the Govern
ment of ; Ireland. It is believed : in Ire
land that that identical, position .will
be repeated when the present Duke and
his wife act for the' time being as King
and Queen in Ireland. * At any rate,: an
enthusiastic • member of 'Parliament,
discussing with the .writer yesterday
tho prospects-of the. Duchess ; going to
Ireland, summed up his remarks thus:
"Thank God' the Irish ..people; have, an
opportunity of placing ; the name of an
American woman on its roll of "queens."
¦<~ PARIS;- April 23.— The fashions; in
feminine '.footwear for. the summer
show, some striking novelties. For
example, ; shoes, half, white and ' half
yellow, are; shown as an extreme style,
permissible -'.to • the correctly dressed
woman.".-' But red shoes will not "do"
at-' all. "Richelieu shoes are shown in
brown,/ gray,' arid white. Shoes of
glace ikid-vTvith tops of lasting cloth,
which-. is .j much than leather,
will^be- generally worn. - For evening
slippers' of maroon satin ; will^be worn
withrstockings.of^the same color. Gilt
kid' slippers, with" buckles are also
good, style., r _V'" v .', ' Balflflt»SBB
Paris Gives Approyarto a Fancy Style
, : ;. J of ; Footwear for tho .
¦'"•';;¦' ¦', Fair Sex.
WOMEN? TO; V WEAR' V} :; : '
• : - ¦ VA RI-COLORED : SHOES
Fashion's latest decree is : that women
mu st" wear - either ; large^ or diminutive
hats, according to -the style of, the fea
tures.' ; It is noticeable at the races • that
big/capeiines made;* of -horsehair* are
¦popular. \The stylish' woman wears lace
falling over the hairpin, what is, known
here as the imperatrice style. Principal
materials;for dresses ¦ this !summer v , will
be ,voile> tussore, fmuslin i taffetas'; •'• The
toilet- for balls is considered -Incomplete
without: some ;¦' headdress, -.latest
novelty being crowns : consisting* of
lauf el }x leaves e made , of , gold, -copied
strictly after the. ancient Greek crowns,
of which, several; specimens are'vpre
served "in the ' Lou vre. ''•• This classic;.or
nament has' been found: exceedingly.
PARIS, . April i 23.'— A . prominent pho
tographer, when ? interviewed thislweek
on the -.women's fashions,
said he considered them ugly,', arid that
it never has jbeen -more difficult than
at present to produce handsome photo
graphs . on account''. of the unesthetic
costumes. . It. is inexplicable, ; he said,*
that handsome; women .will consent- to
wear/such complicated 'toilets. A v re
action > is; certain to come soon, -.with
flat plaited skirts following the -natural
outline. • He -considers/ that' automo
biling makes women- neglect beauty.' in
dress. : ¦¦•--.- ; -¦¦'•• ¦.'-.,• ¦¦¦-'-¦
Costumcr Says the Fashions Are ¦'Sot
Esthetic, arid [Reaction' Must'
• ¦ Come. ' ' '
STYLES FOR -: WOMEN- ' ' ;;
UGLY, SAYS PARISIAN
AMERICAN: WOMAN, }VU0^i^ GRACES A^THRONi.;.
Dublin Castle Is merely the scat of
the Government in Ireland and has
no domestic accommodations except for
fiunkies and castle servants. It has
an interesting history, for around it
cling memories good and bad that are
intimately associated with the history
of Ireland and England, , as well as'
some of the most famous men of the
past and present generation. The mil
itary pol'ce, the detective department
and the secret service have their head
quarters here. The castle is the sym
bol of British rule in Ireland. It will
be the duty of the detective depart
ment referred to to provide protection
for the Duke and Duchess just as
Scotland Yard in London does for the
King and Queen: even more so, because
the Government in Ireland is always
doubtful of the loyalty of the Irish
people and especially those, of Dublin.
The Dublin people, in striking con
trast to other Capitals of Europe, are
the most rebellious against the Govern
ment. The Duke's father was unmer
cifully caricatured during his term of
office. It was said that he Was so par
simonious that he used to sell the fruit
and vegetables which grew around the
Viceregal lodge. He was depicted on
one occasion wearing a ducal coronet
standing behind a counter selling cent's
worths of milk and cabbage. The poor
man was at the. time in a "state of
bankruptcy'. It was twenty-five years
ago that the present . Duke's father
surroundings of Dublin Castle Is the
dingy little lodge in Phoenix Park
where the Duke and Duchess will have
to spend most of their time. It is an
insult to the dignity of a King and
Queen of Ireland to be asked to live
in such a place. Originally erected as
a keeper's lodge, it has been added to
and embellished at their own expense
by successive Lord Lieutenants, in
cluding the renowned Lord Chester
field.
cently, "to take a working interest in
English politics I will aspire to a seat
in the House of Commons, but that
will not be for some time yet."
' Since J. Pierpont Morgan took, pos
session of Aldenham Hall In Hertford
shire the poor of the surrounding dis
trict have had reason to appreciate his
charity and generosity. Being princi
pally fin agricultural district the re
cent wet weather has rendered outdoor
work almost impossible, with the result
that thi agricultural - laborers have
been in a bad way. Mr. Morgan in
structed his steward to make inquiries
Into extreme cases of -distress, espe
cially.* where women and^children were
concerned, and to see that their imme
diate wants were relieved. Soup, meat
and bread are delivered , regularly to
such persons, and Mr. Morgan is more
over interesting himself in finding em
ployment in other quarters — for those
who care to leave farm . work— on the
railways and at excavating for tele
phone and telegraph companies In
towns.
"The woman of any position or cul
ture at all who objects to women smok
ing is nowadays a very rare person,
indeed," said the secretary of one of
these new clubs, scornfully. "Of
course." she added, "I could name a
dozen or so of \*ery decent women who
don't smoke themselves, but they don't
turn up their noses at women who do
smoke. The time has gone by for
that."
Just how far London's feminine club
dom will go in its quietly conducted
but persistent campaign for the eman
cipation of women from the ordinary
restraints imposed upon them by con
ventionality there is no telling. What
uiey aim at is to allow women the
same privileges in women's clubs that
are enjoyed by men .in men's clubs —
the right to do pretty much as they
please so long as they" don't Interfere
with the exercise of the same right by
other members. And they are getting
there fast. Tobacconists say that many
women now resent being offered those
mild and dainty cigarettes which are
manufactured especially for feminine
consumption- "Ladies' cigarettes, In
deed!" said one of them, when return
ing a box that had been sent her. "The
idea! I want something with some
taste in it. Let me have a box of
Egyptians— men's Egyptians!"
The "complexion ring" is the latest
result of the eternal search for costly
feminine novelties. The shape of this
ring and the color of the stones set
in it are made dependent on the shape
and color of the wearer's hands. In
accordance with this scheme, a lady
who possesses hands of exceeding
whiteness, and wishes to emphasize
that fact, would be provided with a
ring set with turquoises, and the shape
and size of the ring would be made
to conform to the length of the fingers.
Proprietors of beauty shops, however,
are taking advantage of the new fash
ion by declaring that by certain mys
terious manipulations and cosmetics
they can adapt the color and shape
of the hand to the ring for far less
than it will cost to get a ring to suit
the style of the hand. The lady who
wishes to be up to date pays her money
and takes her choice of the two meth
ods. Colored diamonds, it is said, will
be the vogue this season, especially
those of an amber or canary hue. Hith
erto diamonds have usually been cut
with "table" or flat fronts. Now it is
said they are to have pointed fronts,
which will increase their brilliancy.
LONDON, April 23.— "No smoking al
lowed except by gentlemen gueats" is
the significant announcement displayed
at the Ladies* Park Club, one of the
latest additions to feminine clubdom
in the fashionable West End. Its sig
nificance lies in the recognition of the
fact that in the absence or any prohi
bition to the contrary it is now as-
Eumed, as a matter of course, that a wo
men are free to smoke in fashionable
women's clubs. No such injunction
against feminine use of the cigarette
is found in the rules of the Ladies*
Athenaeum Club; the Ladles' Military
or Naval Club or. the Lyceum Club,
which have just been started for well
to-do women.
LONDON. April 23.— It has been dis
covered only recently that William
Waldorf Astor's views are rather oddly
divided on the subject of imperial and
local. politics in this country. It is a'
matter of common knowledge that he
is a Conservative in matters imperial,
and that he supports his views by gen
erous subscriptions to the Primrose
League and other institutions for the
advancement of Conservative propa
ganda. After the death of his daugh
ter Mr. Astor kept aloof from politics
for a time. Lately, however, he was
approached by the Moderate (or Con
servative) party In the London Coun
cil with the view of contesting a. scat
in Paddington, where a fierce battle
was to be waged for. the repossession
of two seats which the Moderate party
lost at the. election 'tnree years ago.
The leaders of. the- party -in- the > con
stituency were, however, almost dum
founded when they learned. from Mr.
Astor that he- was a strong admirer of
what the London County Council had
been doing for London, and that if he
could make up his mind at all to con-,
test a seat it would be in the Progres
sive^ — or Liberal— interest. It appears
that at his clubs and among his friends
Mr. Astor has. always, avoided discuss-'
ing municipal " matters, and .being
known as a Conservative his friends
naturally concluded that he must be a
Moderate. . , . • . -
"When I am prepared," he said re-
Social Leaders Scoff at
the Tobacco
Crusade.
Millionaire Says He
'May Aspire to Par-,
liament.
LONDON. April 23.— His Grace the
Duke ef Marlborough, having become
verted In the ways of diplomacy since
¥ he entered the Colonial Office, is report
ed" to have said that there wasn't any
truth In the statement recently pub
lished here that he had. been selected to
succeed Lord Dudley as "sub-King" of
Ireland. I am informed, however, that
- the appointment has been definitely de
cided on and that it is likely to be of
ficially announced soon, thus gratify
ing the dearest ambition of the
Duchess, who, being a Vanderbilt,
rtev*"- lets go till she gets what she
wants.
There is plenty of reason for the
Duchess' desire to be first lady of Ire
land. The position gives her royal pre
cedence, entitles her to be addressed as
your Excellency, gives her a crown on
state occasions and provides her with
an actual throne in an actual throne
room.
It is no secret that at the coronation
festivities in India it came hard for the
Vanderbilt Duchess of Marlborough to
bow the kne*>. literally, to the Leiter
v Haroness Curzon— Dukes being at the
' tup of the peerage and Barons being at
the bottom — to say nothing of the fan
cied social superiority of a Vandcrbiit
over a Leitcr. Yet the thing had to be
done, for the erstwhile Miss Leiter was
placed' Sn queenly rank b\\ her hus
baJMTfl position as Vice King of India,
::iid mere Duchesses had to bend low
before her. Even prior to this difficult
situation, it is said, the Duchess of
;>" a rl borough had made up her mind
that she. too. would acquire a vice
regal crown, have her turning at play
ins Queen and go Lady Curzon one
better— for the pout of Lord Lieutenant
of Ireland is the highest in dignity and
emolument under the British crown. It
te ;:Jso one of the most txpTnsrve, and
it'is only persons of unlimited incomes
•.hat can maintain It with the tone and
dignity tvilh which it i* identified.
SALARY A PITTAXCK.
The ?100.000 salary would hardly keep
thf establishment" in plain bread and
butter. Charity makes a large demand
"ii the resources of the viceroyalty. The
descendants of the old Irish and Anglo-
Norman nobility are people of intense
itrtistlc tastes, so that art. literature
? ;)d music have al?o large claims upon
tb€ King's representatives in Ireland.
Sport, too. has to be supported, and in
rood times or bad the magnificence of
Dublin Castle functions has to be inain-
Ilaimd. Its balls, levees and receptions
ai'e on a par with Buckingham Palace,
and her Excellency the Lady Lieuten
ant is expected to comport herself with
ihp dignity and gravity of a Queen on
ttate occasions.
On presentation days — that is, when
. lady members of the Irish aristocracy
are to be admitted to her Excellency's
presence — she sits on a richly furnished
gold chair • surmounted by a canopy,
and on her bead a crown. She puts on
her most dignified smile white Miss.
Mrs. or Lady So-and-So is introduced
by her Excellency's lady-in-waiting.
Each parses in front of the Irish Queen
and as she does so kisses her richly
hand. This performance en
titles the person ko honored to be ad
mitted into the highest society in the
kingdom. The names of such persons
to be submitted weeks before, so
that their characters and social station
may be carefully investigated.
During their terms of office Lord
Lieutenants of Ireland are supreme in
ell matters relating to government In
Ireland, and nothing but an act of Par
liament can upset their ' judgments.
Th*=y can pardon criminals, save a cul
prit from the scaffold — in fact, proceed
Very much as if they were real Kings
instead of sub-Kings. Even the Duke
«if Connaught. the King's brother, is
lower in the social t=cale than the Lord
and Lady Lieutenant. They have pre
cedence even of the Prince and Princess
of Wales as far as Ireland is concerned.
Her Excellency has a retinue of
servants. lad!es-ln-waiting. ladies of
the bedchamber and so forth, Just the
same a* Queen Alexandra, and they
have exactly the same duties to per
form. There is a chamberlain, who per
forms the same functions as the Lord
Chamberlain does for the King and
yuecn. On state occasions the Lord
mid Lady Lieutenant wear robes iden
' X'-al to those worn by the King and
Quren: the. same attitudes are Etruck
and *the same performances gone
through as if they were playing the
part at Buckingham Palace.
lltlSIl ABE EXACTING.
The frish aristocracy am a great deal
reore exa'cting In Maintaining ancient
riles and ceremonies than the English
and this is the reason that society
luoks upon a job in Ireland as no sine
cure. The Duke of Marlborough is
said by those who know him familfar
|y to be not much of a courtier, but
what he lacks • in that way will be
more than made up for by the taste
the Duchess has lately manifested for
that sort of thing. The Duke, there
fore, like his late father, may leave
the administration of the Irish office
to the Duchess aad busy himself only
with the signing of proclamations for
the suppression of political agitation.
The only thing Is that there Is hardly
Hufficient work In that capacity for
'iim .to do at present. The country is »
suffering from a dead calm.
In striking contrast to the brilliant
Ex-American Cannot
Choose Between
'Factions.
Cigarettes Are Proper,
Say London Club
Women.
Duties Are Similar
to Those of His
Majesty.
Duke May Be Given
High Post in
Ireland.
SMOKING
IS BARRED
NO LONGER
WALDORF
ACTOR IN
POLITICS
CONSUELO, DUCHESS OF MARLBOROUGH MAY WEAR A CROWN
AND HOLD RECEPTIONS FROM A THRONE IN DUBLIN CASTLE
Pages 17 to 20
Pages 17 to 20
: SAN FRANCISCO^ SUNDAY; ;>rAPRII;-r2i; .; j9(U;A new assembly of the Lincoln An
nuity has been organized by W. E.
Mallory, one of the supreme officers at
Albany, Ore., with a good charter list.
L. Viereck was chosen speaker and
Elma E. Turner, clerk. This is the
eighth assembly that has been organ
ized and there are ten more in process
of organization in various parts of the
country. .
Lincoln Assembly No. 3, of Oakland,
had a progressive whist party and
dance in Syndicate Hall,. In that city,
on Friday night;
The order paid Its first claim last
week. It was in the sum of $30. in
payment of an accident claim to Mrs.
Olivia C. Strobe! of Grants Pass.
San Francisco Assembly No. . 1 had
several candidate- for Initiation laat.y
week and the assembly Is preparing^
for. another grand social event.
Lincoln Annuity.
Companion Court Hollister, I. O. F.,
was Instituted at Hollister in Grangers'
Union Hall April 12 by Deputy Supreme
Chief Ranger G. Q. Stewart of San
Francisco, assisted by the members o£,
subordinate Court Hollister No. 654.'
The following were, after institution,
installed as officers for. the current
term: Katherine R/ Bryant, court dep
uty; Drs. Tebbetts and O'Bannon, court
physicians; Margaret McCann, past
chief ranger; Eva .Murphy, chief
ranger; Fannie Graham, vice chief
ranger; Lillian P. Binkley, recording
secretary; Harriet N. Shaw,' financial
secretary; Mary F. Frost, treasurer;
Mary F. Boyd, orator; Ella E. Mace,
orcantst ; Ella . M. Battle, i senior wood-
The leap year party given by the
Yerba Buena Social Club on the even
ing of the second Wednesday in April
was a success, there being a good at
tendance. The club is composed of
members of Companion Court Yerba
Buena, and was assisted in its social
function by the court of the same
name, under whose auspices the com
panion court was organized. There was
an acceptable programme of dances,
together with good music and a strict
adherence to the rules that govern leap
year parties. The affair was an enjoy
able one.' The ladies of the club will
give an entertainment, every month in
future. '•'/-.-. ;•* : ' .- ' ... ;.:•
The Independents.
-Kathryne McGough of Darina Par
lor is leading in a contest now going
on in this city for the most popular
Native Daughter.'^
Keith Parlor is to have an at home
to-morrow night. .This will! be. in the
nature of a reception for congratula
tion to the president of the: parlor,
Pauline B. Unger, who recently mar
ried Robert B. Dourne, chief patriarch
of Oriental Encampment, I. O. O. F.
Several other members of the parlor
will shortly become brides.
During the early part of April the
members of San Andreas Parlor No. 113
of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West upon the invitation of Miss Dora
Washburn assembled at her residence
for the purpose of properly observing
the Arbor day of the order. Three trees,
two donated by the lady,who called the
meeting and one by Mrs. R. Leonard,
were planted with appropriate ceremo
nies. One was named California in
honor . of the State, another San ; An
dreas for the parlor and the third Eliza
D. Keith; in honor of the past grand
president who introduced *the observ r
ance of Arbor day into the order. Quite
On the evening of April 13 Grand
President Finkeldey paid an official
visit to El Pajaro Parlor at Watson
vllle. There was a large attendance
in the beautifully decorated room to
greet her and there was an exempli
fication of the work of the order,
which was complimented by the visit
ing official. At the close of the ad
dress of the grand president Mrs. Ella
Bixby on behalf of the parlor pre
sented her an artistically decorated
nut dish, the handiwork of Mrs. Cora
Harvey.
Orlnda Parlor has arranged a grab
bag social for the purpose of raising
funds for the relief of the sick. The
relief fund has been drawn upon quite
heavily recently. This will be given in
the banquet hall of the Native Sons'
building on the night of April 30.
Piedmont Parlor, Native Daughters,
Oakland, has been so successful in pro
gressive whist that it will hold its
fourth whist tournament on Thursday,
April 28, at Ben Hur Hall. The par
lor gave a leap year social on April 21
in the same hall, 1060 Broadway, and
all the known leap year rules and
many that were not thought of before
were enforced. .
Native Daughters.
The Home Council of the Order oi
Pendo at its session April IS initiated
a large class of candidates in its new
meeting place in the Red Men's build- •
ing, and after the regular business
there was presented a stereopticon ex
hibit of the benefits of Pendo by A.1
W. Hollis, who also entertained with
illustrated songs. Then there followed
a collation in the banquet hall and
speech making by prominent members
of the order. At the meeting there
were present a number of visitors from
Oakland.
At the last session of the council in
Berkeley there was an Interesting
meeting. On that occasion Mr. Hollis
also entertf.lned with stereopticon
views and iongs.
The councils of the order located in
Oakland are making arrangements for
a joint entertainment on a large scale
in the near future.
Oakland Council is making arrange
ments for a picnic at Leona Heights
on May 1.
Reports from Los Angeles, Whlttier
and other points south received by Su
preme Secretary Terry show a remark
able Increase in the various councils
located there.
Supreme Councilor Tugwell paid a
visit to the council in Sacramento lasti
week, and in a short time he will make"
< official visits to the councils In the
State of Oregon.
Order of Pendo.
The picnic committee of the San
Francisco courts will give a social
May 14.
The officers and delegates of the next
High Court will be tendered a. banquet
in the Lick House May 12.
On the evening of May 16 there will
be a grand ball to the officers of and
delegates to the Grand Circle of the
Companions of the Forest.
Under the direction of a committee
composed of Ella Hussey, Isa Stewart,
Mrs. A. M. Jonas. Minnie Fanning, Mrs.
M. V. Rentschler, Mrs. M. Harvey and
Mrs. E. " Ferguson. Sherwood. Circle,
Companions of the. Forest, gave an at
home in its . meeting place in the Al
cazar building, when the following pro
gramme, was presented: . V
Violin and piano duct, Miss Mandy
and M. Quinn; vocal selection, Miss
Tiny Cochrane; hornpipe, . Miss Lillie
Quinn; vocal solo, v Miss 'Mary K.
Kutcher; banjo duet, :.W. B., Kelly and
George , Tyrell; vocal : : selections, .' M.
Pope; piano solo, William Lawton; talk
about'the order, Mrs. Isa Stewart; in
strumental solo, Miss Stewart ; j ballads,
Miss Sorrensen.
During the last two months ..Court
Wierysdale, Ancient Order, of. Forest
ers,, has initiated more j than : thirty
strangers. On the evening of the sec
ond Monday in 'April the court gave a
A new court of the Ancient Order of
Foresters, named Pleasant Valley, was
instituted at Coalinga, Fresno County,
recently by A. U. Field, D. H. C. R.,
with forty jnembers. S. D. Porter is
the chief ranger and E. J. Fox finan
cial secretary. The same deputy in
stituted a court at Pacific Grove yes
terday.
Court Garden City of San Jose has,
since last May, increased its member
ship from 150 to 302. There are now
800 members of the' order in the courts
of • Santa Clara Valley. At the next
session of the High Court an effort wilt
be made to have the succeeding session
of the High Court held in San Jose.
High Chief Ranger Sanford has ap
pointed the following as . the commit
tee on laws for the next session of the
High Court: J. H. Borden of Court
Gualala, R. A. Meehan of Court Merced
and E. C. Purringtbn of Court Vallejo.
Court Robin Hood is reported as
having made a remarkable increase of
late. - '^/;\
Ancient Order Foresters.
The following were chosen officers of
the Degree of Honor during the ses
ejon of the Grand Lodge recently held
in Fresno:
Cordelia Albion «>f Fresno, grand
chief <>f hon<»r; Flora Morrill of Oak
land, lady of honor: Eunice Cyrenuis
.<i Los Ansreles. chief of ceremonies;
Lorettii B. Donnelly of San Francisco.
<»<ord«.r: Ella Van Coujt of San Fran
.tiseo, receiver; Fannie Gruewell,
usher; Mary Randall of Hanford, in
side watch, and Linda G. Malloy. of
San Francisco, outside watch. Ida
Brooke of Oakland. Esther Lovejoy of
Oakland, and Sadie Spencer of San
Francisco, committee on finance; Flora
J. Nay of Pasadena. Mary Castle of
Stockton, and Lillie Gamble of Bakers
tield. committee on laws.
Forgot-Me-Not Lodge of the D. of
H. was well represented at the bien
nial session of the Grand Lodge. Past
Chief of Honor Mrs. Alexander Bain
and Miss Martha G. Lester represent
ed the lodge and took an active and
important part in the session's pro
<-**edings. Mrs. C. T. Spencer, who at
tended as a member of the committee
i>n by-laws, was appointed on the fin
ance committee and Fred Rothganger,
the popular adviser of the lodge, was
appointed on the board of corporate
directors.
The following is the complete list of
grand officers elected at the session of
the Grand Lodge of the Ancient Order
of United Workmen during the recent
session at Fresno: Charles H. Dun
ion of Oakland, master workman; W.
H. Savage of Wilmington, foreman;
W. J. Petersen of Oakland, overseer;
C. T. Spencer of San Francisco, re
corder; Sam Booth of San Francisco,
receiver; Dr. J. L. Mayon, medical ex
aminer; Herman Schaffnrr. Fred Roth
panger, A. W. Tuggey of San Fran
cisco, and J. J. . Bonnets were elected
« orporate directors. David S. Hirsh
bcrg was reappointed deputy grand
master and W. H. Barnes grand lec
turer; Past Grand Masters Dr. F. W.
Browning. J. T. Rogers and Edwin
Danforth were elected representatives
to the supreme lodge: John Hoesch, C.
S. Hoffman and William Broderick
were chosen as the financial commit
tee.
At a meeting of the corporate di
rectors held last week the work of ex
tension was laid out and will be car
ried on in future under the direction
of the board, the office of grand or
ganizer, which "was held by Past Grand
Master E. A. Freeman, who had
charge of the extension work, having
been abolished. Robert Calvert, R.
F. Mackenzie, J. E. Thomas and Will
T. Boyd were appointed field deputies.
It was decided to hold open meetings
throughout the State and to conduct
the extension work monthly on one
twelfth of the yearly appropriation.
The Bulletin having been discon
tinued as the official organ, will be
continued by Past . Grand Master
The Workmen.
San Francisco Chapter at its last
session received five petitions. At its
next session, on the first Monday in
May, the chapter will be visited by
Distrlct Deputy Grand Matron Mrs.
Christensen, on which occasion there
will.be an executive session, to which
none but members of the chapter will
be admitted.
Harmony Chapter had a very inter
esting and entertaining leap year
party on last Tuesday evening. There
was a large number of people present
and a most enjoyable time was had by
all. .
The grand matron will . pay an of-
The entertainment that was given
by King Solomon Chapter in Steinway
Hall on the evening of the second
Tuesday in April was a very pleas
ing function, as the social events of
this chapter always are. There was a
large attendance, that was delighted
with the following programme: Fancy
dancing, the minuet and sailor's horn
pipe by Baby Mignon Locke and Helen
Phelps; vocal selections, by the Brodea
Quartet — the Misses Hickey, Beanston,
Judson and Basford, Mrs. Wright di
rector—the special numbers were
"Annie Laurie" and "Autumn Violets";
Harold Borchers, in novelty singing
and dancing, and vocal selections, by
Hershel Stein. This was followed by
a ball with a well arranged selection
of up-to-date numbers. The affair
was conducted to a very successful is
sue by Jennie Cavanaugh, Mollie
Wolpman, Ida B. Spence and Anna
Pien. D. J. A. O'Keefe was the. floor
manager, assisted by A. J. Sparrow,
George Heinecke, R. R. Albracht,
Frank F. Ralston, L. Bottomley, Louis
Zelss, William Wolpman and Dietrich
Uthe and the following named ladies
of the reception committee: Metta
Wolpman, Ruth Botcher. M. E. Blade,
Virginia Bottomley, Jessie Clark,
Emma Congdon, Tillie Gosliner,
Miriam Katz, Annie Liechti, Anna Dur
man, Annie Mote, Miriam Morris and
Lydia A. Sanders. .;¦•'• «-
Iry Chapter, at its meeting last
week, elected eleven candidates to
membership, after which there was
an hour of instrumental music under
the direction of Roy A. Daniels. Be
tween special selections there was C-s
cillan dance music and the many who
were there danced.
¦During the past week Mrs. Seymour,
past grand matron, instituted a chap
ter, to be known as Rio Vista, in the
town of that name and also instituted
Golden Rod Chapter in Dixon.
Beulah Chapter will have "several
candidates to initiate in its rooms in
South San Francisco Masonic Hall at
its next meeting. This chapter had a
leap year party in its hall last week,
which was well attended, and, being
admirably conducted by a wideawake
committee, it was a great success.
The grand matron left her home in
Los Angeles last week on a tour of
visitations to the chapters between
that city and San Francisco.
Mission Chapter, Order of the East
ern Star, had a very large meeting on
the night of the second Saturday in
April, on which occasion eighteen of
twenty-four elected candidates pre
sented themselves for initiation. The
officers were congratulated for the ad
mirable manner in which .they did
their work. A banquet followed the
initiation. ' •
Eastern Star.
ward; Rebecca F." Glllespie," Junior
woodward; Eda Smith, senior beadle,
and Mary L. Hutz, junior beadle.
At the close of the meeting the mem
bers of both courts partook of a late
supper in honor of the new auxiliary
court, and the instituting officer was
the guest of the evening.
The deputy supreme chief ranger
during his stay in Hollister visited
Court Hollister, and he speaks in high
terms of the fraternal courtesy and
hospitality of the membership, also of
the interest that it takes in the ad
vancement of the organization. .
Court Seal Rock, at its last held
, meeting, received four petitions for ad
mission into the order, one of these by
card. Th« court was visited by Presi
dent Murphy of the Board of San
Francisco Deputies, who spoke on the
subject of the contest that is going on
between San Francisco and Los
Angeles for membership.
Court Golden Gate, at, its last held
meeting, received several applications.
This court and Companion Court
Golden Gate will have a masquerade
ball in Franklin Hall on April 28.
' Hartnagle Chapter of the United Or
der of Druids had a ¦'¦ pleasant- social
function in Turn Verein Hall on the
second Saturday in April, at which ;
there was a good programme of dances
under the floor "managership of Profes-
Bor William N.- Dingle; : assisted by
Thomas Thornton, ', assistant, and - CV
O'Donnell. J. H. Imwalle, M. T. Pen
dergast, C. A. Guglielmoni and •: J. ' M.
Wolff j as'; the floor committee. This
affair Was for. the. benefit of the Uni
form Rank of 'the chapter.
J Grand Trustee C. D. - Dor n of Salinas
called on Grand Secretary Martinoni
last ¦; week and ' stated ;~* that to-day
Salinas* . Grove will celebrate Druids'
day. by a picnic and that the
The Druids.
All arrangements have been com
pleted for the celebration of the anni
versary of the foundation of the In
dependent Order of Odd Fellows in the
United States next Tuesday by the
Patriarchs Militant at Fernbrook
Park.
The Swedish lodge recently organized
in this city will be instituted by Grand
Master Baker next Friday night. The
same night another lodge will be insti
tuted at Boyle Heights, Los Angeles,
by Past Grand. Master Stockwell.
Last Wednesday evening the lodge
at Calistoga, with Its. degree team, vis
ited the lodge fn Napa, and there con
ferred the degree on twelve candidates
for the visited lodge and on ten for its
own. There was a large attendance. .
The Progress Club, composed in the
main of members of the San Francisco
Relief Board, will have a family outing
at El Campo on July 17.
W. H. Owens, a member of the or
der, from the East, was arrested some
tin* ago for crime. The relief com
mittee investigated the case, ascer
tained that he was guiltless of the
charge, and thereupon assisted him in
his defense, with the result that he was
fully -exonerated and released from
custody. .
The school of instruction at a special
session of the Rebekah Assembly, held
in Auburn last week, was well attend
ed by the membership of Minerva
Lodge of Roseville, Azalia of Auburn,
Citrus of Lincoln and Sunshine of
Newcastle. This was conducted under
the direction of President Mrs. Alma
I. Jensen and Secretary Mrs. Donoho
and proved a very interesting event.
There were also present Deputy Presi
dents Vesta Mannix of district No. 6,
and Annie Smith of district No. IS. The
degree work was presented in a credi
table manner by a team from Minerva
Lodge.
C. H. Kornbeck, for a long time con
nected with the Patriarchs Militant
and one time captain of Canton No. 5,
one of the best drilled officers In the
Uniformed Rank, has been elected ma
jor of the battalion composed of Can
tons No.' 5 and No. 11. Yesterday
there was a special convention of the
lodges in .Alameda County at Hay
wards and on the occasion the first,
second arid third degrees were con
ferred by some of the best teams of
that county. A special train left
Fifth street and Broadway, Oakland,
at 5:30 in the afternoon", to convey, the
visitors from San | Francisco and the
members of the lodges in Oakland to
their destination. Upon arrival at
Haywards a procession was formed
headed by the "j two- cantons, under
command of: Major Kornbeck, and a
march was taken up to Odd Fellows'
Hall, where the "degrees were con
ferred, after which there was a social
hour.
Odd Fellowship.
HEADS OF FRA TERN A L
ORDER AND ITS AUX
ILIARY.
The official visit of .Grand Chief Com
panion Mrs. Krimminger, Grand Treas
urer Essie Kragen, Grand Inside Guar
dian Mrs. O'Callaghan, 'and. Grand
Trustees Tucker, Walmer and Baston
to Mizpah, the home circle of the last
named grand officer, was a very pleas
ant affair. Mrs. M. A. Duke, past
grand chief, was also present. There
was the exemplification of the work In
creditable style. This was followed by
short addresses by the visiting officers,
then the presentation to the grand
chief of a handsome vase and tokens
of affection to Mrs. Juli: Wishman,
the district deputy, and to Companions
Baston, Gibson, Goldman, Peterson
and Pease, and flowers to all past of
ficers. A collation was served at the
close of the meeting.
.The leap year ball given by Mizpah
Circle and Court America in the Po
trero Onera Hall was a very pleasant
affair and was attended by a large
number of people who were treated to
an excellent programme of dances. Mrs.
Peterson was the chairman of the com
mittee of arrangements. ¦
Court Sutro Heights celebrated its
tenth anniversary of institution by
tendering a banquet to its members in
a Powell-street rotlsserie on the third
Saturday in April. There were more
than *a hundred members present and
it was a Jolly gathering. After the
menu had been disposed of there was
a programme of instrumental music,
vocal selections and responses to
toasts, Milton C. Nathan being the
toastmaster. Past Chief Ranger Weil
responded to "The United States";
Judge Frank" J. Murasky, a member of
the court, to "California," delivering a
most eloquent address on the founders
of the Golden State, and the deputy
grand chief ranger responded to "The
Grand Court." The other speakers were
Dr. Gruning, R. L. Simpson, J. C. Mur
phy, R. P. Henshel, D. Heller, G. W.
Miller and Milton M. Davis. At the
close of the meeting a flashlight pic
ture of the group was taken. The ban
quet, committee was: Edward Miller,
chairman; J. C. Murphy, George W.
Spiller, H. M. Locke, M. M. Davis, W.
B. Faulkner.
.Mrs. Lizzie Myers, for ten years the
treasurer of Inter Nos Cjrcle, was, on
the evening she completed her twen
tieth term of six months each, pre
sented by the circle a beautiful em
blematic breast pin in appreciation of
her faithfulness in the office. This
circle is arranging for a picnic in May
with Court Seal Rock.
American Foresters.
ficial visit next Thursday to Oakleaf
Chapter and on May 3 she will visit
Xaomi Chapter.
Carnation Lodge, Degree of Honor,
at its meeting on the evening of
April 15 was addressed at some length
by Jennie McE. Galbreath. a past of
ficer of the Degree of Honor in Oregon
and now holding the office of assistant
grand master of the United Artisans.
She spoke on points for the advance
ment of the lodge and the increased
attendance of members. The lodge
was also addressed by E. C. Stock of
Forget-Me-Xot Lodge, Grand Inside
Watchman Linda G. Malloy and M. L.
Stern. Carnation Lodge has appointed
a committee to arrange for its second
grand anniversary ball to be given in
Laurel Hall of the Shiels building
on the evening of May 11.
At the last session of For
get-Me-Not Lodge Miss Ethel Shay
lor, one of the youngest mem
bers, was appointed organist. Mrs.
Steel of Haywards Lodge was a
visitor and addressed the meeting.
Edwin Danforth, who has always been
looked upon as the father of the lodge,
will soon leave for Tennessee to attend
the session of the Supreme Lodge, An
cient Order of United Workmen, and
during his absence Forget-Me-Not
will miss his interesting talks and
kindly advice. The lodge has ap
pointed Dr. Blanche Sanborn, Mrs. A.
Kaiser and Miss Martha G. Lester to
arrange for the anniversary celebra
tion to be held May 7.
Barnes, who will rely on subscriptions
to maintain it.
reception to the recently initiated.
There was an interesting programme
presented in its entirety by members
of the_court and the several numbers
were: .Banjo specialties, Mr. Schwab;
vocal selections, Wierysdale quartette:
monologue, George B. Crittenden; box
ing for points, Messrs. Kennedy and
Sachsel.
The court will have a whist tourna
ment next month and in June will have
a picnic and field day.
April 13 the grand arch druidess,
accompanied by Grand Secretary Mrs.
A. Thornhill and a number of mem
bers of local circles, paid an official
visit to Oakland Circle. Nine strang
ers were initiated. The circle was ad
dressed by the visiting grand officers.
The following night the grand officers
officially visited Columbia Circle in
Washington Square Hall in this city,
where eighteen strangers were ad
mitted by initiation and several appli
cations were presented. The reports
presented showed that the circle is do
ing well and that it has been initiating
candidates at every meeting for some
time past.
At the last meeting of El Dorado
Circle, Isis Circle, which has changed
its name to California, paid it a visit
to learn how the initiatory work
should be done. The members received
a first-class lesson, for jn El Dorado
Circle Arch Druidess Mrs. Louise La
caze and her corps of officers, together
with the central star team, do the Ini
tiatory work to perfection.
The picnic given by El Dorado Cir
cle at Fairfax Park on the second
Sunday In April was attended by more
than 600 persons. All had a most en
joyable time and more than a hun
dred prizes were distributed. This,
the first picnic of the order this sea
son, was strictly in- the nature of a
family reunion and was as orderly as
if.it had been a private outing.
On the occasion of the first meet
ing in May Grand Trustee Charbonier
will visit San Diego for the purpose
of installing the officers of U. S. Grant
Grove of that place, and it is probable
that at that time he will be called
upon to institute a new grove In that
place.
Fortuna Grove of Angels Camp -will
celebrate Druids' day on the first Sun
day in May. Grand Secretary James
F. Martinoni will on that occasion be
the orator and address the assemblage
in ,the Italian language.
Galileo and Alpini groves have ar
ranged for a joint picnic at El Campo
May 15.- These are the two largest
groves in San Francisco and it is ex
pected that it will be the largest
Druidic picnic of the season.
North End Grove had a picnic in
Germania Garden in ' this city last
Sunday. ¦
membership of all other fraternal so
cieties in that place has been invited
to take part. Many of the societies
have answered that "they will be there
with bells."
The United Artisans, a mutual fra-
T^rnal benefit association, which has
obtained a strong foothold In the
Eastern States, Oregon and Washing
lon, has recently, under the super
vision of Assistant Grand Master Jen
nie McE. Galbreath, formerly of Ore
pon. established two assemblies in this
, |ty — San Francisco No. 200 and Sil
\er Leaf No. 260. These have already
attained a good membership, and each
is doing much in the line of enter
tainment to make the meetings inter
eating.
At a recent meeting of San Fran
»isco Assembly it was visited by Su
preme Medical Examiner Dr. J. B.
Dlmstead of Portland, Ore., who spoke
encouragingly of the order and the
pood work the members are engaged
in. He also paid a visit to the as-
Bembly in Oakland, where he ad
dressed the meeting.
Silver Leaf Lodge at its meeting in
Knresters" Hall, at 20 Eddy street, on
lust Monday evening, had a short
l'usiness meeting yiid had work in the
jriitiato'ry degree in the short form,
after which there was an entertain
ment in the nature of progressive
whist by members and visitors from
iissemblios located in Oregon. Oak
land. Alameda. Elmhurst and Los Au
peles. A pleasant evening was spent
;ind it was announced that at the next
meeting i* »" probable that there will
be work in the initiatory degree in the
lull form. In the absence of the t
master artisan the chair of presiding
nflicer wag filled by Inspector May
McMillan.
On Last Tuesday evening San Fran-
Hsoo Lodge had a pleasant meet
ing in Hod Men's building, where
goo/1 progress was reported and initi
nry work was protr.ised. There were
a number of visitors, and after the
regular business there was a short
programme of entertainment and ad
dresses for the good of the order by
Assistant Grand Master Jennie McE.
Gulbreath. past master artisan of Oak
land assembly and E. C. Stock of
Silver Leaf Assembly. This assembly
has under consideration a proposition
to arrange a public meeting and en
tertainment, with the view of huv.^jjj
stranger* attend, in order that they
may learn something of the order,
and it is probable that Silver Leaf will
follow the example set by San Fran
< 'SCO.
United Artisans.
Yerba Buena Lodge had a pleasant
entertainment in Odd Fellows' building
last Wednesday night, and notwith
standing the fact that this is one of
the very young lodges of the order
there was a good attendance and a
very enjoyable time.
Columbia Lodge at its last held ses
sion received live applications and ha.^
a number of others on the way.
Reports from Aurora and from West
ern lodges are to the effect that after <i
consultation the proposition to have
the two lodges join forces and work as
one has been abandoned and each pro
poses for the time being to work Inde
pendently.
Supreme Organizer Lew id proposes
to make a number of visits to lodges
in this city and In Oakland with a view
to arouse the members to greater ac
tivity to the end that the membership
may grow with even better showing
than has been made in the last six
months. : w .'
Overture, orchestra: violin solo, Jessf*
Warren; specialties. Miss Hazel KIrke
of the Columbia Theater; piano solo.
Miss Evelina Beaudet; the boy soprano,
Angelo Fabbori; specialties, Pracey
and Phelf er Bros. ; buck and wing. Miss
Sophie Guilbert; specialties. Miss
Mabel Pheifer and Edith Norton; se
lections. Professor Clarkson's Mandolin
and Guitar Club.
Mission Lodge had a very interesting
party in Mission Opera Hall that was
attended by a large number of people
who have come- to the conclusion that
the lodge is a wideawake one and that
its social functions are very popular.
During the early part of the evening
the following entertaining programme
was carried out, and was received with
strong marks of approbation:
On the evening of the third Saturday
in April Progress Lodge of the Frater
nal Brotherhood gave a social and its
team gave an exhibition drill which
was a very pretty piece of floor work.
On Wednesday evening this lodge will
give a shirt waist party In the Assem
bly Hall of the Red Men's building.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
a number of trees have been planted
In different counties of the State by the
Native Daughters, and in almost every
county one has been named for the
past grand president. Miss Keith.
Grand President Finkeldey appoint
ed a committee to attend the con
vention that has for its purpose the
preservation of that ancient landmark
the great highway in the southern part
of the State. One thing that has caused
a great deal of comment in the order
is that, accidentally or Intentionally.
Past Grand President Keith, who in
troduced the landmark question In the
order and did a great deal to interest
the members in the preservation of his
toric landmarks, was not named a
member of the committee. Still, this
did not preveht her from attending the
convention, as she was selected a dele
gate from the Daughters of Pioneers t<
that body.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 190*.
ECHOES FROM THE
LODGE ROOM
18The smallest conscript at the latest
drawing for service In the. French army
was Joannes. Chabaud of .Verpllliere.
His . height is two feet eleven , inches
and he weighs sixty-seven \ and one
half pounds. His age is twenty-one.
The Four Cohans ; are amusing large
"The Crisis," with Isabel Irving, will
continue for this week at,' the Majestic
Theater, after which the hous<i will be
closed : until ? its some few
weeks hence. * .
The Tivoli has wisely decided on a re
vival of the, popular "When Johnny
Comes ; Marching Home," * that will i be
put on again to-morrow evening.
The Alcazar will put on to-morrow
evening for the first time in San Fran
cisco a new farcical comedy, /.'The New
Clown." .The present stock, company
celebrates its four hundredth anniver
sary with the performance.
Of the new things of the week, "A
Girl From Dixie," to open at the Cali
fornia to-night, heads the list. The
piece is a musical comedy, the libretto
from the pen of Harry B. Smith 1 and
is presented by Shubert. Nixon and
Zimmerman. Chief of Its features to
local eyes will be the appearance In the
leading, role of Beatriz Bronte, other
wise Beatrice Mlchelena, daughter of
the well known tenor and teacher. Far
nando Michelena. A large contingent
of theater-goers will be, there to wel
come Miss Bronte, who has made a
most favorable. impression In her part.
GOOD PLAYS BILLED
AND PROSPECT FINE
. FOR A LIVELY WEEK
,- Amelia Bingham, has revived -¦''The
Frisky Mrs. > Johnson" and it will be
:'¦ It is* said that Clyde Fitch intends to
test his merits* as a librettist next; sea
s<nu]!He, is said, to be at- work.on^ a
musical 1 comedy which is a | satire • on
New. York society leaders.
Another, all-star revival of "The Two
Orphans" is contemplated by A. M.
Palmer, and * Louis 'James has been
mentioned, in connection with it.;
"The Shepherd King," which is on
the "Ben Hur" order, was produced
wfth " great success at . the Knicker
bocker Theater on April 5. * The scenery
is said to be magnificent, and Wright
Lorlmer . as David was highly com
mended by the press for his conception
of :. that difficult role. '
\ Peter F. Dailey will be starred by
Klaw and Erlanger next season In "The
Billionaire," to succeed the late Jerome
Sykes.
New York will shortly have the op
portunity of witnessing "Camille" as
Interpreted by two different actresses,
Margaret Anglin and Virginia Harned.
The former will play in conjunction
with Henry Miller at the Hudson The
ater, and the latter .at the Harlem
Opera-house.
The fact that Lillian Russell' has
signed a new contract with Weber and
Fields should be taken as a denial to
the statement, recently, in print, that
these comedians had dissolved partner
ship.
New York seems to be affected with
the revival "fever." - Owing to the suc
cess attending the production of "The
Two Orphans" it is announced that
several of the old plays will be revived.
Among 1 these will probably be ""The
Lights o' London," "Youth," "Taken
From Life." and several of the old
Union Square, and Wallack Theater
successes.
Blanche Bates on the conclusion of
her tour on May 7, will sail to Europe,
and on returning to this country in
July she will play a four months' en
gagement at the Imperial Theater, St.
_ - . "¦¦•¦;'¦ \ ¦¦-¦¦¦
Louis.
tioned, and with it came the following
story:
"We used to have a fellow." the
younger Cohan related, "who, didn't
care at all how a girl looked so long
as she could sing. He had that end
of the show to look after and would
have dumped some funny specimens 'on
us if we hadn't' looked out. One day
we were down South, and we had, as
usual, a half-dozen or so country girls
who thought they could blister Broad
way. One of them— 'holy smoke!' what
a face!— sat there until all the rest were
through and then went up to th\
piano. I signaled to our man 'not at
any price,' but he asked her what she
could sing. She croaked, positively
croaked, 'Anything, what do you want?'
" 'Sing a scale, 1 the director re
quested. •
" 'Oh. I can't do that,' she said.
" 'Anything, then.'
" 'Oh, any popular song,' she said.
'I'll sing "Molly You'll Be Mine." '
"She did. I never heard anything
like it.
"Then she stopped. GIbest wont on
playing. He was the most cold-blooded
guy in the world. I had my head out
of the window.
"'Well." she said, 'well?''
"Then Gibest turned round and thun
dered: "Who told you you had any
voice?'
"The girl turned to her companion
and screeched: 'What did I tell you?,
I knew darn well I hadn't any voice!' "
. I don't know quite how the ; subject
of voices came up then, except, per
haps by way of Cohan Jr.'s sore throat.
But the "trying out" of voices for, a
musical comedy company was men-
George: "I shouldn't have minded if
I hadn't had to go out after the over
ture to sell my pictures."
Ethel: "You sold mine after the in
termission, 'Little Josie, the child artist'
— what good times we used to have!
There was one thing brother hated,"
to me, and Miss Cohan's mischievous
blue eyes snapped most mischievously.
"He and I used to have a turn together,
dressed as girls, accordion pleated
dresses. Brother was very pretty then,
golden hair, pink cheeks and so on, and
made up into a very pretty girl. But
at the last of the act he would always
drop his voice 'way down, like this"—
Miss Cohan struck a deep, deep C — "to
show that 1»* was a boy."
Papa contributed then: "He was one
of the first of 'Peck's Bad Boys,' and
the critics used to say he made a very
good boy for a girl." .
They all laughed at him then, with
the teasing, happy laughter of those
wholly sure of not being misunderstood,
and George M. threatened! counter
revelatioris. He went on instead to talk
of George Ade, for whom he has the
heartiest admiration.
"Ade's 'County Chairman' is the best
thing on Broadway now," young Cohan
said. "And he is one of the nicest fel
lows that ever happened. Quiet! You
wouldn't think he'd done or been any
thing for a moment. I remember when
I met him first, at a farewell supper
to Vesta Tilley, In Chicago. I'd writ
ten a sort of— you know— kind of— well
— anyway— about, a thousand words of
farewell and appreciation of Miss Til
ley. It was a hit and Ade took it beau
tifully. It was something his kind of
thing, you know, and he came up to
congratulate, me afterward. ,1 was
never so pleased In my life."
"You want to do his kind of thing
some day?" I asked.
. "I couldn't," George M. said humbly.
didn't have any money either," George
M. added, irrelevantly.
"They began very young?" I asked
Mrs. Cohan then.
"Brother had an illustrated page in
the Boston Globe when he was 15,"
mother said, preening herself, mother
fashion. "It was a song, 'Inez, My
Shining Light.' "
"Have you got it here?" I demanded.
"You can get my works at any mu
sic store," the composer chuckled.
"But/that was not his first," mother
continued. "He wrote 'Why Did Nellie
Leave Her Home?" when he was only
11."
Josephine: "That was a bird.'
Papa: "Witmark published it."
George: "Only thing I have against
Witmark."
Josephine: "But I got the worst of
it; I sang it."
George: "Nay, the audience suffered
most."
Josephine: "Those were the days
when you were playing the 'cello."
From me: "The "cello?"
George: "I gave a living: imitation
of a pump."
Mother; "But it is a shame you don't
practice, dear."
Josephine: "And you used to play
second violin then in the orchestra,
'Little Georgie, the boy wonder,* I see
you now."
A charming feature of the farewell'
recital of Otto Spamer last week,, at
Lyric Hall, was the Waltz cycle of
Eong of Oscar Well's, given by the
Brahms quartet. The set, that Mr.
Weil calls "In Maytime," grows with
acquaintance, and was finely given by
the quartet. The songs have quite the
Schubert quality of spontaneity and a
gayety that well beseems their title.
Being Mr. Well's, they- are well made,
but better, well born. The composer
was indebted to the Brahms quartet for
a finished and sympathetic rendering
of the cycle. , In their hands— largely,
I think, through a change in Its timing
—the cycle had lost the effect of jerk!
ness, disconnectedness, noticeable In Its
first J] rendering ; at Berkeley some
months ago. " Althbgether, "In May
time" Is a 'delightful addition to the
mixed quartet literature. The Brahms
quartet consists, by. the. way, of Miss
Millie Flynn, soprano; . Miss Gertrude
Wheeler, ; , contralto; . Frank Onslow,
tenor,, and Homer Henley, bass. The
singers ,we.re less fortunate, particular
ly in intonation, In their Brahms gypsy
songs of the-, evening. Mr. Spamer
played with His usual technical ease
and sincerity several good. numbers.'
Owen Wister. the author of "The Vir T
ginlan," has written a preface to the
theatrical edition of his book in which
he discusses the desirability of the so
called book play. He says that on
every side you will hear the book play
condemned simply because it is a book
play. As if it were new to dramatize
stories. Mr. Wister gives a number of
examples of plays which many do not
know to be book plays. Among these
are "The Merchant of Venice," "Ham
let." "M'llss," "The Little Marchioness,"
"The Vicar of Wakefield," "The Cricket
on the Hearth," "Fanchon," "East
Lynne," "Uncle Tom's Cabin," "Rip
Van Winkle," "Ben Hur, "Drink,"
"The Bells," "Under Two Flags," "Ca
mille," and many other plays which
have been successful. In addition to
this list I would suggest Mr. Wlster's
"The Virginian" as a shining example.
Frank Campeau, who has made an
emphatic hit as Trampaa in "The Vir
ginian," has a remarkable gift for
training animals. Recently he has
been training a Plymouth Rock to play
the nart of Em'ly. In the second act
Em'ly is supposed to cackle and the
one who takes the part of the unhappy
Shorty also does the hen act. Mr.
Campeau, although finding no fault
with Shorty's cackling, believes it will
be more realistic for Em'ly herself to
do the cackling, which he^- claims his
Plymouth* Rock will '-> at his com
mand. The "Rock" will make her de
but shortly.
Willie Collier has finally found a
winner in Richard Harding Davis' "The
Dictator." s
Wilton Lackaye's production of "The
Pit" comes to an end this week after
a successful run.
included in her repertoire with
"Olympe."
She went straight to her daughter, un
heeding the interviewer, and asked
breathlessly: "How Is He?"
"All right, mamma dear—" But Mr.
Cohan interrupted: "Wife, I Intro
duced you to Miss Partington. and you
go right away talking to Josie "
"Well," Mrs. Cohan excused herself
to me, with an I-know-you-will-under
stand-all-about-it air, "I haven't seen
the baby at all this morning."
George M.. slight, youthful, pale of
face, lazy of eyelil, fair of hair, sat
down silently a little apart from the
rest. Him I was more particularly
curious to see. As "a comedian he is the
limit of his dryly rapturous sort, as a
humorist almost as ready, as drolly
surprising as George Ade himself. He
gave me a sleepy eye for a moment,
then asked mournfully: "Can you tell
the truth? I've Just drowned your old
est inhabitant in a Market-street pud
dle, and I wanted to know if it were
going to rain any more."
I replied humbly lhat I never, never
prevari- '*fd on Tuesdays, and that it
might, rain, but that such cantankerous
conduct in April was really unprece
dented within the memory of etc., etc.
And could he tell the truth? I wanted
to kno\' how he had evolved his won
derful lopes and struts. His sister had
said
"That is the worst of interviewing
four people at once," George M. de
cided, "you have to keep track of the
other fellow's stories. How did I learn
to walk? Oh, one just drops into it ac
cidentally. I hope I don't contradict
ycu, sister."
"You!" his Eister laughed, proudly.
"It's this way, really. Suppose you
have a three week run, and only two
pieces, nothing for your third week;
you have to have something different.
And you simply"— zip! zip! She snap
ped her fingers, "go on and do some
thing different, new steps, new some
thing. It comes. That's it, isn't it.
Georgie?"
"Georgie" nodded, then negatived any
question if his study of dancing had
helped him to walk like anything from
a grasshopper to a confidence man.
"He never studied dancing; didn't
have to," his mother said, smiling over
at him; "his papa was a great dancer
once on a time."
"We don't let him now," said George
M., affectionately regarding his sire.
Then the photographer fiashlighted
the company, drawing out the remark
from Mr. Cohan that his last flashlight
was at his silver wedding.
"And now you're 58, father," said
his partner, "and I'm 48. Dear, dear."
"But I think women keep younger on
the stage than anywhere else." I ven
tured. ,v : /H
"That's because," George M. contra
dicted, "you haven't been on the Texas
circuit. That'8 work. On the square
there are burgs there that haven't peo
ple enough to fill a box— counting the
pigs. They run excursions down there
for ninety miles round to fill a house,
and forget to build a box office. Some
of the towns were closed up altogether.
Had to write one and play It' several
times."
"Oh, Georgie," mamma laughed.
"Alexandria was the worst," Miss
Josephine contributed. "That was the
place where our baggage fell in the
river and we had to be hung up to dry.
Still, it'8 all fun If you want to see It
that way. I enjoy it down to the
ground."
"And one was an actor and the other
CHAT ABOUT PLAYERS
AND THE OUTLOOK FOR
THE COMING SEASON
Flo Adler, a soprano, who toured
with Remenyi, heads the Chutes list
"this week.
Lew Sully and La Petite Adelaide, a
terpsichorean novelty, are headliners
of the Orpheum's-bill this week.
"The Still Alarm,"* with Its sensa
tional pictures of the fireman's life,
willi' be the Central's attraction this
week.
Fischer's continues with the amusing
"Chow Chow."
Large houses' are bidding nightly
farewells to the Kolb, Dill and Bernard
combination at the Grand Opera-house.
These immensely popular burlesquers
will be seen in VFiddle-dee-dee,"
"Whirl-I-Gig" and "The Big Little
Princess" this week.i
audiences at the Columbia, and will
brighten up this week.
Should it be George M. of the droll,
experienced eye, of the wry slit of a
mouth spitting briny jests whenever
;t su.qs open? I thought so. But
there was Miss Josephine, as slim and
dainty a soubrette as bedecks the
musical comedy stag?, and there were
Jerry I. and Helen Cohan, the other
halt of this inseparable quartet, and
ho gentle progenitors of the tother
halt
Ha! I had it: I would take them
silL I would discover anew the hu
morist unappreciated by his family,
ih«- .-wibrettp mamma Jealous of her
vylph-l?ko che-ild. I would listen to
•, lie sorrows of an old comedian, han
kering for the "good old days" of
sons: and. dance. I would sympathize
with the troubles of the soubrette
daughter of nn attractive mommer. I
•would hearken to the humorist's tale
of woe. "Twas an old story, but ever
new. and I persuaded the Four Cohans
10 divulge things last Tuesday. That
they were not quite what I was pre
pared for is neither here nor there.
Jerry J., otherwise Papa Cohan, drift
ed in first, "wondering where the chil
dren were." It was at the Columbia
Theater, and we waited in the "opera
plass" den for the rest. As Mr. Cohan
took the table to which i invited him,
he explained that "wife and daughter
hadn't had any time to buy things late
ly on the one-night stand route and
were shoppinp. But they would soon
be here. Son had no excuse "
"I'm glad of the chance to meet you
!irpt," I told the gentle old man. He
:.« immediately attractive, with his
bright Irish blue eyes, silky white hair,
rosy gkin and slim, gently-drooped fig
ure. "And will you just tell me when
you left vaudeville — to decide a vexed
question ?"
'"Let me pee." the comedian cogitated,
"it must have been four, no, three
years: oh. yes. it was Just before
. Ethel's baby was born "
"Why that's the way we women
reckon things!" I laughed.
"It's as good a way as any," the old
gentleman decided in his soft, nasal
drawl. "Yes, Ethel's baby is 3 years
old now. and was born in Los Angeles"
—•Ethel" is Mrs. George M. Cohan, by
the way, Ethel Levey in public, and
now playing a song and dance en
gagement at the Orpheum. "Yes, we
had an interesting time in Los Angeles,
vent there after finishing our engage
ment here. We had a house, and a
hired man that was a murderer, and
a d"^ that was a murderer "
** 'Straight goods' — I beg your par
don " and Jerry J. bowed In unem
barrassed apology. "This slang is very
latching. Georgie. now, dreams It.
But the fellow was? really a murderer.
Struck a man in the heat of passion,
goaded into it. Got four years. Harm
less sort of fellow, really. They ain't
s«i different from you and me. • • *
But a? I was saying It is over three
years since we went out of vaudeville.
'A big break."
"Bipger than you have any notion
• >f." the comedian confirmed. "Folks
<i<-n"t want you right off the variety
pan. I don't know whether our Or
pheum reputation will help or hinder us
here, for example. It hindered at first.
We wanted to go into Hanlon's theater
—the Grand Opera-house— in Chicago
just about when we started. He would
n't take us. But time has its revenges.
I had the pleasure of seeing Mr. Han
ion and his wife drive up in their car
riage to our show— him in his tuxedo —
and have to drive away again because
he couldn't get tickets. We were an
awful success. And maybe you think
i wasn't gleeful. Of course, I was
many for his wife — we're all a mixture
«if good nature and fiendishness. You,
in your business now "
"My! wasn't that an awful bull," the
• 'Id gentleman said placidly. "But.
ihen, I'm Irish; what can you expect?
Ah. daughter — "
"Daddy!" It was Miss Cohan, a slim,
Jair-haired, slip of a lass, with her
"daddy's" eyes, who' had broken in
upon us. "Where's mommer, and broth
er? I'm sorry to be late."
"You should be," "daddy" said, kiss
ing her, and then we all went upstairs
to the luxurious office of Mr. Gottlob,
with its gallery of actor photographs
and fat safe.
"I was tuckering over the baby,"
Miss Josephine informed me, tucking
her foot under her schoolgirl fashion,
as she plumped cozily on to the lounge.
"Your father told me all about
her "
"Her?"
"Born in Los Angeles, three years
ago." I recited glibly.
"Oh, that's Ethel's." Miss Cohan
•cried. "Mine's a bey!"
And I was sorry then for Mrs. Ethel
with only a girl! "Yours," I sait
aloud. "I didn't know that you were
married." -
"Very much so," Miss Cohan owned.
She is the wife, it appears, of Fred
Niblo, who "politely, proffers the Four
Cohans in the newest musical frivolity,
¦Running for Office,' " this week at the
Columbia.
"Ethel and I were saying only last
night how lucky we were to have good
nurses for the children. When we
were little tikes our mammas had to
keep us in their trunks at the back
<>f the stage. Good performance at the
Orpheura this week, daddy. I went in
to see the Mortons, old friends of
ours."
"I was Just thinking," said "daddy."
"how George's style of dancing has
gone the rounds. That kind of kan
garoo dance— nobody thought of It until
after he Jnvented It."
"Tnat's not the real kangaroo dance,
daddy dear," MIeb Cohan protested.
"There's one called that, you know."
"I've often wondered where he got
all thone different steps — gaits," I said.
"Do you truly want to knovr?" Mies
Cohan asked. She pursed her mouth
mysteriously and said: "He Just falls
into them accidentally."
Cut "he" appeared here, of the droil,
experienced eye. and wry slit of a
mouth spitting briny Jests whenever it
Fags open. Mrs. Cohan, comfortable,
brown-eyed, soft-voiced, vras with him.
Bauer, Schumann-Heink, and now
comes Sembrich, a most notable trio,
indeed. Rarely rich has this season
been, with these greatest of the great,
and in Sembrich comes a fitting climax.
The singer brings with her, too, Mr.
Rudolph Ganz, a pianist of considera
ble note, and an accompanist — I have it
from Schumann-Heink— exquisitely ac
complished. Mr. Ganz is a member of
the Sauret trio, among other distinc
tions. There is no need to enlarge upon
either the voice or art of Madame Sem
brich in San Francisco. It is necessary
only to say that she will sing on Thurs
day evening, May 5, and Saturday aft
ernoon. May 7, Mr. Greenbaum having
been unable to secure the three dates,
as at first designed. The concerts will
be in the Alhambra; the sale of seats
opens on Thursday morning next, and
it will be the part of wisdom to book
them early. Here are the two pro
grammes: v
THURSDAY NIGHT. MAT 5.
(a) Aria. "Deh vleni. nen tardar," from
>"ozze de Figaro Mozart
<b) "Oh. Had I Jubal's Lyre" from
. VJosnua"- .... ¦ Handel
(c) "Neue Llebe. neu es leben" Beethoven
Piano soil, ballade (O minor), etude (A
minor). Op. 25 i Chopin
Scene from aria from "La, Trayiata," "Ah
forg e lul" » Verdi
(a) Pastorate (Bizet); (b) Nussbaum (Schu- -
mann); (c) Wldmuna (Schumann): (d) ¦"-."
Summer ¦ (Rudolph Ganz); (e) Sere
nade (Richard Strauss).
Piano soil, (a) "Cantlque d'Amour." (b> .
Polonaise In E major Lint
"VValtz "Voce di Prlmavera" ...Strauss
SATURDAY MATIXEE. MAY 7.
(a) Pur dicesti '.. '. • •• - : .Lottl
(b) "M'ba preao alia »ua raijna" Paraille.*
(c) Mon Petit Coeur aoupire
".."• Composer unknown
(d) "The Lan With th« Delicate Alr"..Arn«j
Piano — ¦¦¦ '.- n
(a) Rhapsody In O minor Brahma
(b) Scherzo in F sharp major (flr»t tlm»)
." -'-..D'Albert
Aria "Ernanl Invftlaml" from "Ei-nanl".
<; ;:.;.... ...:... Vtrdl
(aVDu blst die Ruh ... .SrhubcTt
(b) Auftraege Schumann
(c) Wie Melodien zleht e» mlr .Brahmj
(d) Versebliches Staendchen ' Brahm«
(e) Caecilie ..:............. .Richard . 8traus»
(a) At the Spring, (b) Longing for Home.
fc) Storm .' ;Liazt
Waltz. "Fail*" *.••.•.«..."...». .,.....;.;Axdiu
It is to be doubted if any singer has
made here quite the depth and kind of
impression that Madame Schumann-
Heink has made. Haply, however, this
warm and magic moment is hardly the
time to Judge. Yet I venture to pre
dict/that the Schumann-Heink spell
will be found to be extraordinary last
ing. Its secret, vital and adorable. Is
in the full-heartedness of her son?.
The singer gives her whole heart and
soul to you. Madame Schumann-
Heink, her voice, her method, her fame,
she considers not at all. Utterly with
out the singer's vanity, she never sings
a note for the sake of exhibiting that
note — yet the mere note how glorious!
Her every power, the big, splendid
voice, the large intelligence, above all
the great warm heart, are bent to the
interpretation 'of her song, and with
what delight in her innumerable illu
minations of the text she succeeds! I
remember no such utter exqulaiteness
of sympathy, no such complete charm
of self-forgetfulness, as the singer
showed in her "Frauenliebe ' und
Leben," given at the Saturday after
noon recital. How one would have liked
that other Schumann sorcerer. Harold
Bauer, at the piano! Herein, however,
in her single-hearted devotion to the
composer, Is Schumann-Heink's unique
and distinguished charm, and herefor
will she be deeply remembered among
us, a precious and perfect memory.
Her last programme held many
favorite numbers, a Schubert group.
"Die Junge Nonne," "Rastlose Li<?be,"
"Der Tod und das Madchen," and the
"Standchen." "Der Tod und das Mau
chen" — well, it was sung as Schubert
dreamed this pearl of songs might be
sung. The rest went nobly, least hap
pily, curiously, the "Standchen." A
Schumann group followed, with the
"Ich Grolle Nicht" and "Die Wld
mung," that aroused a tnunderous and
tearful appreciation that resulted in
Wolfs "Heimweh," that has found per
manent favor here.
Brahms — the programme was thor
oughly typical — came next. Is Brahms
to Schumann-Heink just what Schu
mann is? It occurs, at any rate, to
wonder. Nevertheless one need hear no
nobler "Sapphische Ode." no more
charming "Wiegenlied." that was sym
pathetically, if a little timidly, fur
nished with a viola obligato by that
accomplished viola player, Bernat Jau
lus. One again realized that the task
o?* making any tone count against the
splendor of the Schumann-Heink voice
is no easy one in the organ accompa
niments of Mr. Fickensher to the next
songs, the Raff "Sei Still" and a Reb
ling "Psalm." "What there was of the
organ was, however, valuable, and the
singer did the rest. Then the audience
bravoed and waved its handkerchief for
more, and madame returned to give the
"Lucrezia Borgia" "Drinking Song."
with epic gayety and a Russo-Hke top
note that eclipsed even the little tenor's
in length and sheer, handsome. Ltatin
bravado!
Most of us, I think, were rather sorry
that we had the Erda and Waltrauten
scenes, that closed the programme- It
is to be regretted that in this greatest
of all her phases— as a Wagnerian
singer— Schumann-Heink cannot suit
ably be represented on the concert plat
form. But so it is. The "RIenzi" aria,
with its difficult emptiness, is worse
than nothing. These Erda and Wal
trauten scenes again clamor for the
orchestra, the scenic illusion. They are
heroically sung, but no one heard
snatches of the water theme, and this
and that snatch of the familiar mo
tives; one longed for the 'cello, the
horn, the . glittering fiddles that give
them. And then madame left, followed
by an adoring multitude to the vehicle
that conveyed her to her hotel.
As many people as the Fire Depart
ment would permit. Including a hand
some stageful, crowded to hear the
last for some time of Madame Schu
mann-Heink last Sunday afternoon
at the Tivoli. It was the kind of audi
ence one likes to be one of, the kind
the manager prays for, the kind that
must Infinitely gratify the person that
calls it out. And I think Schumann-
Heink liked her "auf Wiedersehen." I
know we liked hers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, .SUNDAY; APRIL 21,; 1904.
FOUR STAGE ENTER
TAINERS AND AN IN
TERVIEWER.
WITH THE PLAYERS AND THE MUSIC FOLK
19; PARIS, .April 23.— The Parisian thie!
is well known for.the various methods
' he i adopts .in . trying to escape arrest,
but that of Charles Mathieu is perhaps
the" most unique in the memory of the
oldest gendarme here." <.
_, While two English women • were
standing near the Museum of the
Louvre, yesterday Mathieu approached
one of them, and, snatching her wrist
bag from her, disappeared into the'mu
seum. .The building was searched, and
when the gendarmes were about to
abandon their efforts to find Mathieu
one of the attaches of the lnstitute.saw
him lying in an Egyptian sarcophagus.
-The "mummy" was arrcsttd.
Thief .-Hides in .Sarcophagus.
Miss Jane 'Wiltshire sues East "in a
The affair'of Mrs. Chabot's !wasv as
are all functions given by this popular
over-the-bay. hostess, a .charming suc
cess. The following ladies were guest* :
Mrs. E. A. Heron,- Mi's. Andrew* Fine,
Mrs. Henry Wadsworth, Mrs.. Paut
Lohse, Mrs. Gordon H. Stolp, Mrs..'E.
B. Beck, Mrs. Samuel Hubbard, Mrs.
E. M. Walsh, Mrs. W. H. Checkering,
Mrs. Frank I.* Kendall. . Mrs.. I. A.*
Chase, Mrs. E..G. Lukens,, Mrs^Pren
tiss Selby, Mrs. Eleanor- Folg'er and
.The card party of Mrs. William Shot
well at the St. Dunstan was .one
of the week's successes. The ¦, hostess
was assisted in receiving by Mrs. : S. W.
Backus and Mrs. John 'Wright. .-•;, Those
who spent the afternoon ; so enjoy/ibly
mingling ideals and testing each other's
skill as players were: "- Mrs. .Joseph
Kierulff. Mr«. Wise,- Mrs.-Curl Gross,
Mrs. Jesse Andrews, Mrs.' Bush Fin
nell, Mrs. Briggs, Mrs." L. P. Lowe,
Mrs. John Wallace, Mrs. R. 1. Bentley,
Miss Fanny Danforth. Mrs. Harinan,
Mrs. Henry Martin, Miss Martin, Mrs.
Adolph Gartenlaub, Mrs. .John '-¦ Harfyn,
Mrs. Lloyd Weaver, Mrs. John" Hoyt,
Mrs. LI. Eugene Lee," Mrs^'McFarland, 1
Mrs. Charles Plum, Mrs. -Herman •
Meyer Jr., Mrs. W. H. Snedaker, Miss
Taylor, Mrs. Knight White 'and>Mis.<j
Ruth Morton. ' - -
Ing's country place in the Catskills.
What a", hilariously;* good ; time was
enjoyed Thursday inighf at '''His 'Royal
Nibs." The music? ; * Now, .While .not
posing as "a musical critic 1 (because; na
ture foreswore me /the musical sense)
the tunes that were warbied: on Thurs
day night were distinctly good to hear.
Shafter.,- Howard " has { done : many: good
deeds in his life, but'"His,RoyarNibsV
is the best. -'And herein- is thesame
. The. luncheon given by-Mrs. William
G. Irwin was greatly.- enjoyed by her
guests.- The appointments were exquis
ite.;. St. Joseph - lilies- and-.Hlies of., the
valley > formed ' the.';, decorative > feature.
The following ladies were' present: Mrs.
Robert 1 Oxnard,' VMrs. ¦' Babcock, ;Mrs.
Timothy Hopkins, ' Mrs.' ? Henry . Scott,
Mrs. - Carter : Pomeroy, - Mrs.'. Gordon
Blanditig. Mrs '.> Horace -r'Blanchard
Chase, -¦ Mrs. Girvini : Mis. -Russell -Wil
son; Mrs.':NewhaIl'and*Sthers:f • i '
Mrs. Clarence - Breedon X takes rank
among the cleverest bridge players in
the city. Scarcely, a. week ; passcs but
she entertains. aT little' .¦'coterie' at. her
favorite game. ,\ And the; same degree
of cleverness that/ characterizes O'her
bridge.,- is .displayed in -her,' games;; of
bowling,, of which she is an,enthusias
tic patron. • : „ ; •:'.'• - ¦
• ¦ '•"*¦ "-•;:¦
short time, to make an extensive visit.
Miss'.Wilshire is one.of the'niost inter
esting of the debutantes of last season,
clever and pretty. •• '.
CHARMING] wdMEN'^IN LOCAL 1 SOCIETY
The' ladies* night' of Le Conte Coun
cil,- Berkeley, last week was a very
enjoyable affair that engrossed the at
tention of a large number of the peo
ple of that locality.' There was an in
teresting programme ¦ of musical and
literary, numbers.
' Acting. upon the suggestion of Grano
Regent Robert F. Jones of the Royal
Arcanum, the San Francisco councils
have taken the preliminary steps for
the observation of the anniversary of
the order. Argonaut Council has ap
pointed Thomas Longworth, George W.
SchTndele and Frederick Head; Golden
West Council. George W. Van Buren,
William A.' Butterfield and George H.
Bartlett, and Buena. Vista Council.
Frank. J. Miller. William V. N. Ray
and Louis A. Hinsori as delegates to a
convention to arrange the details of
the celebration. San Francisco and Se
quoia councils will appoint their repre
sentatives during the week. As soon
as these shall have been named there
will be a meeting to discuss plans.
Golden West Council at its first meet
ing in April initiated several candi
dates, and under good of the order sev
eral addresses were delivered, the prin
cipal one being by Deputy Grand Re
gent G. L. Davidson. Regent H. B.
Langille,. Vice Regent William A. But
terfieid. Secretary Thomas G. Hodg
kins .and Past Regents William M.
Young, George W. Van Buren and H.
G. W. Dinkelspiel expressed their in
tention of making the council one oi
the most active in the jurisdiction.
: San Francisco and Sequoia conncils
have announced that they are in the
contest to take the prize banner from
Buena Vista ' Council, and the last
named council will make a strenuous
effort to retain it. . Buena Vista hopes
to be able to hold it for two successive
years. . -
Royal Arcanum.
Cards, Miss Carmen Sutton, hostess.
Saturday.
Chrysanthemum Auxiliary entertain
ment at Sorosis Club. -^ Y,~--,
Judge and Mrs. J. C. ; B. Hebbard's
celebration of their crystal wedding.
• • •
The Doyle-Parker wedding at the
quaint little church of St. Matthew's in
San . Mateo was a charming affair.
Archbishop Riordan officiating.
The bride's lace robe was exquisitely
simple, a billowy tulle veil enveloping
her dainty figure. She . was attended
by her sister. .Miss Margaret Doyle,
who was smartly .gowned in white
etamine over pearl silk. A stunning
pink hat completed a beautiful cos
tume.
Lieutenant Hickox, U.S. A., attended
the groom, who, with the ushers — Lieu
tenants Farrell and Potter — made an
attractive group of warriors.
Lieutenant Parker will take his bride
to the post to which he has been
ordered— out to Fort Russelli Wyoming.
-.-." • '••.'•'¦*' •
The engagement of Miss Neville Tay
lor, daughter of Rear Admiral Henry
C. Taylor, and Lieutenant Walter Ghe
rardi, son of the late Rear Admiral
Gherardi, is a matter of much interest
to many of our society maids and
matrons. As an officer on the. New
York, which visited these . waters last
year, the young lieutenant was ex
tremely popular.
Somehow the advice of General Cor
bin to young officers, army and navy,
against committing matrimony, seems
not to have seriously impaired the work
of the little god.
• • •
Mrs. George Gerlinger, whose mar
riage was recently celebrated in Berke
ley, is paying a visit to the university
town. As* Miss Hazard, Mrs/ Gerlinger
was one of the most popular, members
of the "Kappa Kapxm Gammas." She
is now visiting Mrs. Adoipn Graupner,
herself a bride, and will soon be ,ihe
guest of Miss Elizabeth Mills.
The Pacific Yacht Club's house will
be the scene of much merriment during
the summer, as John D. Spreckels has
purchased the property, and is putting
it in shape for a country home. The
Misses Spreckels will undoubtedly en
tertain many of their friends in this
famous old place — famous to the "old
guard," who have still a loving rever
ence for the scene of su many happy
hours.
• • •
Miss Mary Keeney. daughter of Dr.
and Mrs. James Ward Keeney, will
leave with Miss Maude "O'Connor on
Saturday, going to her aunt, Mrs.
Keeney's sister, Mrs. George Harding,
with whom she will remain until the
fall, part of the time tobc spent In
Philadelphia and part at Mrs. Hard-
Th*» past week t.«s rather a busy
period, what with card parties, wed
dings and philanthropic .iffairs. The
following event! were affairs of not":
Monday.
• Luncheon, Mrs. W. A. Neville, hostess.
Wedding at San Mateo of Miss Eliza
beth Doyle and Lieutenant : William
Montrose Parker, U. S. A.
Unitarian banquet. Dr. Lyman Ab
bott, guest of hemor.
Wedding of Mhss Florence Boone and
Ralph S. Phelps.
Wheelock . Wh'st Club. Mrs. Remi
Chabot. hostess.
Luncheon. Mrs. William G. Irwin,
hostess.
Card party, Mrs. William J. Shotwcll
entertaining at St. Dunstan.
Tuesday.
Luncheon at »he Sorosis Club rooms,
Mrs. William Ashburner. hostess.
Informal tea. Mrs. V. B. Southworth
and Miss Grace Nichols receiving.
Luncheon. Mrs. Herbert Moffett,
hostess.
Wedding of Miss Elvira Hobbs and
Earl Newman Percy.
Wedding of Miss Josephine C. Mc
laughlin and Georg* F. McGrill.
Tea given by Mrs. William H. Morri
von, fn Oakland.
Luncheon in the Palm Garden of the
that knitting, sewing and cooking are
indispensable in the acquirements of
tne up-to-dat« maid— they arc now ab
solute rsscntials, ovon as they were in
the days of the pat-t. Now. that knit
ting is a' knotty question. Of what use
is knitting? If- of no economic use,
then it ought to ho artistic — which it
isn't. It's awkward work, it's unneces
sary, and without either practical or
esthetic results. Thru, away with it!
I*m with the «>lher accomplishments —
eewing and cooking— ah! here are the
live productive acquirements. These
mpan something to mankind— the abil
ity to f=ew on buttons with the proper
nxe.dnrs?=. or to concoct a m*»al of diges
tive eafcty. And besides, when is a
pretty maiden prettier than when
manipulating her chafing dish, or even
paying her nimble needle over, the in
tricacies of a shimmering shirtwaist.
r Jurt who the clever rediscoverer of
thieve sweet domestic virtue? may be Is
not revealed to me, btit deep and pro
found thought suggests the probability
that some devoted but desperate
mamma evolved the scheme as an
ejluring bait to the coy and elusive
lover. In truth. \\ is a noble scheme.
No man is safe where Hie allurements
of home ar«? hovering about him — no
man who holds within a heart that
beats and a memory that loves to
linger.
Here's to the modern girl of the smart
set, who is at once athletic, dc-mestic,
social, clever, . healthy in m5nd and
body, happy and the best kind of a
comrade. Herd's to her!
Mr. and Mrs." V E. ' E. Simmons, .who
have occupied the attractive Cox place
• To ; the ' fore come r the ladies Jof ¦ the
San Rafael Improvement
suggestions 'of a charming - ; out-of-door
function. ..There will ; be" r no 'doubt; of . its
success 'if it is backed by:the;improve-.
merit club; . Mrs. ;-Vincent Neale ; is t pres
ident of this i popular/organization;:
Mrs. William Babcock. , vice * president,
and Mrs. William : J. ": Casey, \ secretary.
The friends of the winsome little
bride, Mrs. Henry Todd Powell; \villT)e
glad to hear that "she will not^go •'to
Port Townsenditblive as for
upon the return from theirhoneyrhoon;
spent in the south, Mr.' Powell received
orders from .Washington transferring
him' to the, revenue "cutter - McCulloch
at'Sa'vjsaUto. vMr. and Mrs. Powell 'will,"
therefc-re/ be > at home during the., sum
mer months. *at' J Alta Mira; Sausalito!
: -"¦"*.¦¦•*- ¦-'* ' • * - ¦¦ ..'.'. :¦' "-. ' :¦ .¦*. :
¦ Mr., and • Mrs. John \ R. Hahifyv have
taken the Starr. Kieler cottage in" Sau-'
salito for four months. They wilh give
up their rooms in the Palace "¦ Hotel
May 1. , '. ¦ ' '. ;: , • ¦' ; . ¦' '¦• -¦.-';¦ '
What an array of dinner fJartica were
held at the St.* Francis after "His
Royal Nibs." And what ; stunning
gowns! , -
Mrs.. James C. H. Dunn", Mrs. Henry
M. Dieckman, Miss Mbna' Crellih.^Mrs.
Robert M. Fitzgeraid, Miss Laura'
Glenn, \ Mrs. W. H.- Henry, Miss, Mary
Barker, the Misses Mnhoney. 1 Miss Sara
Drum, Miss Laura Starr, 'Mrs. Thomas
Pheby and .Mrs. -Thomas Starr; Were
charmingly entertained on Tuesday by
Mrs. William'Morrison of jOaklarid;Hhe
ci£y over the bay seemingly leading in
social affairs of the Aveek. : : /i- ' :
said of Mr. Clifford. They; are Ibdth
good San Franciscans. ,-.. ."-.,* i
There are some of us who marvel at
the pluck of the. two aforesaid genii
for projecting their, work before their
fellow townsmen. That : does, .take
pluck! You know the old adage of. the
prophet and honor— well, 'tis :. true,
usually. But here is an instance where
tfie fellow townsman patted" the genius
generously on the back,. instead of rap
ping ; him on : . the head. , .The hospital
should havo done well financially- by
the clever presentation.- The affair was
managed by the following, good folk:
Mesdames' Francis- Carolan. ; J." 'D.
Spreekels. A. N. Towne. I. W.Hellman,-
F. T. Hoyt, E. E. Park, "^ Archibald
Rains. A. Chesebrough, Mark Gerstle,'
A. E. Brooke Ridley, M. Meyer feldt' Jr.,
C. B. Alexander. J. H: Hatch.F.: A.
Robbins, D. Hi Whittemore, Isaac
Hecht, C. F. Stokes. Farrell W. Bab
cock, Carter Pomerdy. Egbert" Stone,-
James R. Tucker, William H. Taylor,
Marriner ' Campbell, Henry T. v Scott, E.
W. McKinstry, Eleanor Martin, Eugene
Lent, George Pinckard, Edwin • Bosqui,
Max Slpss, L. L. Baker/William Irwin,'
E. ;D. Beylard, Horace B.,Chase,>Wil-:
Ham I. Tcvis,: 'Joseph * Tobin. <-¦ Julius
Kruttschnitt. Shafter HowaVd, \ W. GJ
Kittle. Miss Frances Sprague, Baroness
von Mej'erinck. . ." ! , . '
: What a lovely galaxy of June brides!
Miss-Florence Baily has decided'to wed
under the blue June skies; so, too, Miss
Blandihg,' who "may journey to Europe
to*- be':' wedded 'Von foreign soil. .' Miss
Guinan,. too?" will be a ; June bride, but
' A quiet and pretty wedding took place
on last Tuesday ' evening, when Miss
Josephine C. McLaughlin became the
bride of George F. | McGrill. ' The'.cere
mony was performed at the Church of
the Sacred Heart, the Rev. Father
Byrne officiating.'
' The bride ' was charming in a gown
of tan crepe do chine' trimmed with
Irish point and carried a bouquet] of
La' France ;roscs. Miss* Edith Igce was
bridesmaid. She , was • gowned in a
beautiful creation of gray silk 'and also
cafrioda" bouquet of 'Iia -France: roses.
Williain McGrill,: brother of the groom,
was best riiarii '.*/,;
•..'¦After- the ceremony a reception 'was
tendered the young couple at the resi
dence 11 of Mr.- and Mrs. .Charlea ;Levy7
323; Scott street.; 1 Immediately. after the
reception the"young 'couple leftjjnjheir
honeymoonr~" Upon ~:the'Ir* :; re turn they
will'take up tl sir residence at Mill Vai-
, It-is not "probable- that the "Ed."
Newhalls will occupy their San Rafael
home this summer. They "will be: much
missed. - There | is j not a more i genial,
beaming face to be seen anywhere than
Mr. Newhall's, and' the Newhall girls
on . their'' ponies were among the •. pic
turesque features of Sai\ Rafael. :
*. ¦ • ¦ •
, The., horse, has -won!..; At least tempo
rarily:,; The, hard-hearted Marin Super
visors have refused to modify the strin
gent ¦automobile ordinance. S There is
sorrow in the hearts of the Hotel Ra
"fael authorities. It probably , means
the "loss of : several thousand dollars to
them," owing to the number of;enthu
siasts whowould have taken advantage
of the hotel through the summer could
they -have taken their autos with
them. • The hotel authorities have not
quite; given tip hope, however! They
may carry the matter beyond' the
Supervisors and "into the courts. In
the | meantime let the' horse-lover enjoy
himself. One of the "smartest"'turn
outs-, in town is that of * the William
Babcocks. The Fosters'; prancing thor
oughbreds step- as if their ancestors
had -arrived in an equine Mayflower,
while' the. ponies belonging to theiittle
Fosters are genuine fairy-tale ponies.
The J. W. Bucks drive a pair of beau
ties. 1 In fact/there is probably no town
in the State which can-make a j better
showing in the way of horseflesh. But
—in these days of progress exit the
horse, and we might as well submit to
it.; So— the contest still bids fair to be
interesting. '< '¦"¦*;}.. '''
¦MJss'Murphy of Menlo has been visit
ing the Douglas Hardys of San Rafael.
•'• Mrs.- W. «B;j Bradford has- decided on
an. Eastern" trip* wmch will,' of 'course,
include* the St. -Louis' Exposition.
in . San .Rafael '. for . the - past year, , will
leave , soon ., for; a six -months' ...trip
through Europe, j Many are, the;friends
who wiirwtsh'ttie,Sjmmonse;3 "bon<voy
age,".and it» is hoped thatthis trip -will
do 'much 'for : Mrs— Simmons, * who N has
beeh'something r of-an invalid 'for' many
months. • V ' ' • • - •
the event will be quietly celebrated.
Who will soon forget the gatherins
of bonny faces seen yesterday at the
chrysanthemum fete? The officers of
the philanthropic little organization
are: Mrs/: John "F. Merrill, honorary
vice president; Miss Georgie Spieker.
president; Miss Paula Wolff, first.vice
president : -Miss r - Rachel Hovey, second
vice president; Miss Ruth Gedney,
treasurer; Miss - Zelda Tiffany, record
ing/secretary;: Miss Norma Castle, cor
responding secretary, and Mrs. John C.
Wilson, auditor. Among the energetic
workers — and: they \ were : workers who
worked — were Miss. Rachel Hovey. Mr3.
J. . V. "de Laveaga, Miss Laura Taylor.
Mrs. John C. Wilson, Miss Mabel Toy.
Miss Mabel Hogg, Mrs. Harvey Mar
shal 1 Toy, Miss Georgie Spieker. Mr3.
Georgie . Shepherd, Miss Ruth Gedney,
Miss Norma Castle. Miss Edna Hanni
gan. Miss Zelda Tiffany, Mrs. Andrew
Welch, Mrs. ; John Chase, Miss Mabel
Donaldson and Mrs. Charles Harley.
Yes, and there were others, too, whom
a treacherous memory fails to- recall.
But the consciousness is theirs — those
that do good. The reward is Innermost
The world moves in cycle* — thus arc
111* dajB of our grandame* with us
once more. The d^ar old days of ample
skirts, flowing sleeves and— no, never
the hoopskirt a train, but the quaint
bascjue. with Its ruffles and berthas,
are ours now for the passing hour.
And with them have come the pastimes
of ye olden days, but only have Ihey
ventured in tamely, with vague uncer
tainty — and wisely, too. methinks, for
v.-ho can conjure the picture of a mod
ern maid, knitting in hand, awaiting
the twilight call of her gallant knight?
'T:s more In tune with her spirit— the
girl cf the period, bless her— to be just
in from her constitutional, with her
cheeks aglow, her rye agleam and her
benny hair afloat — for she wears no hat,
this modern maid, lest, indeed, she goes
B-calllng.
However, the decree has gone forth
Palace, given by Mrs. Jack Wilson.
Wednesday.
Card party, Miss Lo-uise Glynn,
hostess.
"Skull and Keys" entertain in Oak
land.
Luncheon given by Miss Maren Froe-
Ilch at her studio.
Wedding of Miss Cyetta McQuaid and
Lieutenant John Wi McClaskey.
Thursday.
"His Royal Nibs," comic opera, bene
fit for the California Woman's Hospital.
Reception, Mrs. John Heath, Oakland.
At horns, Mrs. O. C. Baldwin.
Tea, given by Miss Noelle de Golia,
Oakland.
Luncheon, Mrs. H. M. A. Miller, hos
tess.
Friday.
Tea, Mrs. Charles T. Blake of Berke
ley entertaining.
THE t SAN ,-FRANGlSGO CGALU -t SUNDAY, APRIL : 24, ;190f .
20
MAIDS AND MATRONS
HARK BACK TO THE
DAY OF OUR GRANDMOTHERSITALIAN CRUISER 'WHICH :HERE- YESTERDAY 'AND HER COM
MANDER,- WHO. IN ADDITION - TO BEING A FAMOUS ARCTIC EXPLORER
AND MOUNTAIN CLIMBER. IS COUSIN TO THE KINO OF ITALY.
oppose the nomination of W. R. Hearst
for either President or Vice President
of.the United States."
Vhe committee on resolutions includes
Ben M. Maddox. Walter Billlngslea, Alf
Balaam, H. Mitchell, George C. Mur-
Continued" on Page 25, Column i.
CHINA IS WARLIKE.
PARIS, April 23.^rChlna, has taken
quite • a » definite ; pro- Japanese ; stand
within the .'last few; days. It is said
this may involve '¦ serious consequences
to the relations .between ' Rusia and
China. - China's action, it . is . noted, fol
lows ; the report - that , Alexieff
had requested the retirement of the
Chinese ¦ troops. ; ," / ,' , : . : „ ,
.' It is ' now! reported « that; the* Chinese
Minister JnSt.% Petersburg will be re
called.. Although the latter report 'Ms
denied,^there: is reason to believe that
it has; some • foundation.' -
War News Continued on Page 22.
TOPEKA, Kans.. April 23.-rThe
Santa Fe has completed arrangements
to handle its portion of the passenger
business to the national conference
of the Methodist church in Los AnV
geles and to-day announced ten spe
cial trains through to. California, be
sides many special car parties and
extra equipment on the regular trains/
The local officials of the company
have been busy for the past month
making arrangements , to handle the
business and !t is expected that the
road will break all previous records
for handling special trains of this
class. Without these trains the traffic
on the Santa Fe at present is un
usually heavy, and it will be no in
significant feat of railroading to take
them successfully through.
SPECIAL TRAIN . SERVICE
lX>n METHODIST DELEGATES
VANCOUVER. B. C. April 23.— The
Canadian Government proposes to deal
directly with foreign nations, and not
through Great Britain, as heretofore.
A special from Ottawa to the Province
to-day says:
"It is announced by Sir Wilfrid Lau
rier that the Dominion Government will
neither accept nor decline the offer
made by the representative of the Rus
sian Government in London for a set
tlement of the Canadian sealers' claims
until such time as the Russian Govern
ment makes the recommendation of its
representative direct to the Canadian
Government."
There were six Canadian sealers con
fiscated, and the Russian representa
tive offered the British Government to
settle only for two.
VIE ALIA, April 23.— The Democratic
County Convention met in this city to
day and elected C L. Russell of Tulare
chairman and C. T. Poole of Avenue
r?cr*tary. The following resolutions
were unanimously adopted:
. "Whereas, The Democratic State
Cenlral Committee of California, de
spite fearless and outspoken opposition,
p^ceeded its jurisdiction and made an
precedent in adopting an unde
served resolution indorsing W. R.
Hearst as Democratic nominee for
President of the United Slates;
'¦Whereas. W. R. Hearst has repeat
edly and without cause opposed the
roguiar Democratic nominee? In this
Klal^ and has repeatedly proven him
self disloyal to the Democratic party
iT.d its nominees;
'^Whereas, "VV. R. Hearst has never
rhov.n tueh loyalty as a Democrat a3
•entitles Mm to th*» distinguished honor
p"f being the Democratic nominee for
President of the 'United States; there
furc. be it
••Rej'olvrd. That (he members of the
Democratic State Central Committee,
who wore proved champions «>f the peo
)<;e In opposing the indorsement of XV.
U. Heam at, being against Democratic
purity -and fidelity, er e heartily com-'
inr.nded for their manly and Democratic
'•Resolved, further. That W. R.
Jlearn In no way typifies the grand
prindpley and high ideals of the stead
fast Democracy, and true Democrats,
who believe in loyalty and fidelity to
the party and its principles and tradl- '
tions. should use all honorable means
to prevent the selection of a candidate
v. hose chief distinction in party matters (
has been his disloyalty. j
••Hefolvod. further. That delegates
from Tulare County to the Democratic I
State Convention to be held at Santa
Cruz on May 16. Y^OA, be and they are
hereby instructed to use their best en
deavors to elect delegates to the Demo
cratic National Convention to be held
#? RL Louis, on July 6, 1304, pledged to
Something of a sensation was caused
here this afternoon by a report, spread
far and; wide, that the Chinese Minis
ter, Hoo Wei Teh, was , packing, up
preparatory to departing from St. Pe
tersburg, and visions of immediate war
were conjured'up.. The only foundation
for the rumor , was the fact. : that the
Minister, has' taken ; a summer cottage
at Gatshlna, .thirty miles from St. Pe
tersburg, for which place he will short
ly leave the capital:
ST. PETERSBURG, April 23.— In of
ficial circles nothing is known respect-
Ing the reported irritation in China and
the alleged desire of the Peking Gov
ernment to withdraw its Minister, here.
I am, however, enabled to state au
thoritatively that Russia caught the
Chinese playing tricks on several occa
sions and each time China unfailingly
received a smart rap upon the knuckles
from thi3 country, which, regime: will
be continued vigorously. It appears
that the examination of an officer re
cently shot as a spy revealed that he
carried passports granted at Peking.
Russia fully realizes the danger, of
China becoming engaged in the war
and is firmly, convinced that the one
way to check this complication is to
exercise severity, which is demonstrat
ed by General Kuropatkin's brusquely
worded remonstrance."
Special Cable to The Call and New York Her
ald. Copyright. -1904, by the - New Yoik
Herald Fublishinsr Company.
TRICKERY OF CIIIXA.
Cutting Resolutions
Are Adopted at
. Visalia.
Canada Decides Upon
Independent Di- j
plomacy.
DOMINION
WILL ACT
FOR ITSELF
DEMOCRATS
MAKE WAR
ON HEARST
The new Greth airship ascended Into
the heavens yesterday morning and
demonstrated the fact, that under the
existing favorable weather conditions
she could be controlled at will by her
pilot. The ; first few minutes of her
flight were enilnently successful, and
but for a mishap to her motor power
she wctald undoubtedly have come out
with ¦ living .colors. Even as it . was
she still stands a good chance of being
a top-notch competitor for the St.
Louis. Exposition $100,000 prize, and the
builders of the new big French airships
will have to get very busy with their
inventions if they expect to be in the
field with the local production.
. Unfortunately for the. attempt of
yesterday Captain T. S. Baldwin, her
navigator, who is a veteran aeronaut,
while he<is as much at home in the
air as a fish is in the sea, made an er
ror of judgment when he attempted
to manipulate the motor that was her
driving power. This is responsible for
what would otherwise undoubtedly
have been a complete triumph for the
inventor, Dr. August Greth.
Had F. W. Belcher, the engineer,
who Is a competent motorman, gone on
the trip, the result would probably
have been very different. As it was,
however, the inventor has much to
| be pleased with.
For the. last few days the "Califor
nia Eagle," as she Is called, has been
ready to- soar into the skies, - but the
winds have been prohibitive for a trial
trip. Yesterday morning the weather
was most propitious, and by 8 o'clock
.those .that j were directly interested In
the ship and others that came from
curiosity commenced to assemble
aro'und the tent-covered home of the
new venture. Everything was life, ex
citement and action. The great wooden
doors were hauled open, the canvas top
of, , the house was rolled back and the
df'jfcns of heavy bags of sand that held
tj f ship down were removed.
' HAULED INTO THE FIELD.
The great, elongated balloon was then
hauled out into the open field and
placed on the middle ring of what used
to be Ringling'8 circus. Here a great
crowd of people surrounded her and
hundreds of, Email boys assisted in
holding her down until she was ready
for the ascent. Engineer Belcher was
in the cage testing his motor.' while the
shining aluminum, arms, wings, pro
pelling screws, or whatever, they may
be called.were sent flying around with
tremendous velocity. 'Everything
worked to perfection, he announced.. «In
the . meantime Captain Baldwin was
taking off a bag of sand here and a bag
there, until. he had the weight adjusted
to a nicety. It had been previously ar
ranged that Engineer Belcher should
ascend with Baldwin, and he was pre
pared to do so.; but just as everything
was in readiness Baldwin told Belcher
to get out, as • there was too much'
weight-In the cage. Baldwin then ad
dressed the crowd, stating to them that
this first trip was naturally- a trial to
test, the, working of the machinery and
also the carrying capacity, of the bal
loon. , He had 'outlined no especial
route. The trip might be 'successful
and it might not. This was only one of
Trip Cut Short by
Occident to
Motor.
Machine Easily
Managed in
Midair.
THE "CALIFORNIA KAGLE," ITS IN
VENTOR. AND MAN WHO MADE AN
ASCENT IN IT YESTERDAY.
PKK1NG. April 23.— All trustworthy
accounts from the main base of the
Russian army in Manchuria support
the view that General ~Kuropatkin is
clearing the country between the Yalu
and Liaoyans of every form of susten
ance for men and animals, preparatory
to a general retirement inland. Cattle
are being driven north in vast droves,
followed by wagon trains- laden with
food and forage. The inhabitants are
threatened with famine, and as many
as are able are migrating in a north
westerly direction.
It is estimated that General Kuro-»
patkin's force Is now close to 200,000
men. This number is regarded as suf
ficient for a certain amount of offen
sive action, but it is believed that the
Russian commander has elected to fall
back to the mountainous region^ about
Liaoyang, in order to, draw the Japan
ese across the extensive foodless.area
and thus come into grips with the
enemy.' under " circumstances favorable
to the Russian army. It, is apparent
that Kuropatkin feels' the: advisability,
if not the necessity, of be
yond easy reach of the" numeftHis^ flank
ing operations -Japan can '"engineer with 1
the aid of its triumphant navy. V"
ST. PETERSBURG, April 23i — The
Russians ' have placed guns
the crossing of the Yalu, River. -^ While
General Kuropatkin desires that the
Japanese shall/ enter Manchuria;'-: -; tie
purposes that they shall 'pay 'as ''dearly,
as possible for the privilege, but with
out precipitating a general engage
ment. Major General Kashtalinsky": is
anxious to engage; the . enemy . , and
begged General Kuropatkin for per
mission to do so, but the commander
in-chief strictly forbade even small
skirmishes where it was possible? to
avoid them. It is understood that-
General Kuropatkin intends to deliver
the decisive battle himself. In the
meantime' the cavalry and artillery
at the front . are engaged in , constant
drill and reconnaissance.
The story that an attempt was made
on General Kuropatkln's life by.jtwo
disguised Japanese while the com
mander in chief was in Newchwang a
few days ago is confirmed. The
would-be assassins impersonated Chi
nese beggars. They wore false queues.
One of them reached for a dagger, but
was felled by one of "two Cossacks who
always accompany the general."
TOKIO, April 23.— The dispatch an
nouncing the landing of 20,000 Japanese
soldiers near Dalny is apocryphal. If
true it would mean immediate fighting.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Native Inhabitants of the' War Area
Are Chief Sufferers From Rus
sian Campaign Plan.
Will Fall Back Alter Depriv
ing Japanese' Pursuers
ol Sustenance.
Reduces Yalu Valley
to rBarren
Waste.
KUROPATKIN
MAKES ALLY
OF FAMINE
GRETH'S DIRIGIBLE BALLOON
SOARS ON HIGH AND PARTIAL
SUCCESS MARKS ITS FLIGHT
VOLUME >:CV— XO. 11 G.
THE WEATHES.
rorecast made at San Tran
ri«co for thirty hours ending:
midnight, April 34, 1904:
San PrancSseo and Tlcinity —
rair; wanner Sunday; fresh
northwest wind.
O. H. WH.LSOTT.
Xtocal Forec&cter.
(Temp*y in charg-c.)
; THEATEMii
Alcaz&r — "The Frisky Bin.
Johnson." Matinee to-day.
Cmllt ornla , "A Olrl Prom
Dixie."
Central— "The White Squadrtm."
Matinee to-Cay.
Chntes — Vaudeville.
Columbia — "Knnningr for OSce."
Plscher's — "Chow-Chow."
Grand — "Flddle-Dee-Dee." Mati
- nee to-day. .
Majestic— "The Crisis."
Orphetun— Vaudeville. Matinee
•to-day.
Tivoli— "The Beggar Student."
FAMOUS ; BUNYAN WARRANT
IS SOLD UNDER HAMMER
Document, Which Brought $1525,
\.YVas Issued During the Reign
of; Charles II.
LONDON. ; April 23.— The warrant
under' which- John Bunyan- was ap
prehended .and 1 -placed In jail at
Bedford during .the reign of Charles
II was solo} iat auction in Lon
don/to-day for $1525. The warrant,
which "is';"slgriedj by thirteen Justices
of ',the'/Peace,Vsix-Barbnets > and ; seven
esquires." "charges 'the" tinker-with-con
tempt,of law by preaching arid'teach
ing, otherwise lthan"accordin's to the
liturgy" or, practice of the Church "of
i*4 BIARRITZ,* 'April 23.— -A 'dispute 'at
Biarritz^ between ,M.';Colt'u and ;Prince"
Pignatelle;.d'Argon,;; the latter being"
struck; resulted ? this : week ; in a 'duel
"with 'swords. ; '.The .; Prince's ' seconds
were Baron Peyronnet -de; Sainte'Marie
arid M.; La . Brouche. '", >
f In the first' bout . M. Coltu was pinked
in the right forearm, '";but' continued the
combat and in > the > third ; bout" he" gave
the Prince^ a wound in the; arm' which
disable'd-his ; ?¦' '/v : 7 - ' < '
COLTU'- STRIKES PRINCE .
AND A DUEL IS RESULT
LONDON. April 24.— The Foreign Of
fice has now come to a definite agree
ment with the Zionists as to the loca
tion and : the extent of the tract it la
ready to give them in East Africa.' This
is to consist of 5000 square miles of land
northeast , of Victoria Nyanza. It in
cludes the Nandl . plateau and is very
fertile, well -watered and well forested.
An important point .in the concession
is that the" land is only five miles dis
tant from the Uganda Railway and
thirty hours'- railway journey from the
coast. iSJSI
If necessary < It Is possible that the
Foreign Office will hereafter extend the
concession ; still further, so. as" to give
the Zionist colony a port on the Vic
toria' Nyanza.
•There will be no Zionist .congress this
year,, but in Its stead the greater action
committee has just met In -Vienna and
indorsed the r seriding of a committee of
inquiry into the suitability of the site
for Hebrew colonization.
Special Cable to The Call and New Torlc He*
aid. Copyricht. 1004. by the New Tork
Herald Publishing Company.
As "to; the causes- of the increase j of
crime Sir John Macdonald ' has little .to"
say,' ; except -that the ; manufacture ~ of
nitroglycerln' has created new. forms
' of crime 'of i a grave character,^ but \ tie
I gives no' specific details ¦ to ..'demonstrate
LONDON, April, 23. — Some .strange
and bewildering side lights are thrown
upon the .problem of crime and . the
criminal .' by a blue book Issued under
the name of Sir John Macdonald, mas
ter of the Supreme Court. 'During the
last twenty years there has ' been a
reduction in crime of the graver sort,
but,, he. points outthat every now. and
then, at fairly regular intervals, . there
is a wave of serious crime, which some
times extends over a half year arid
sometimes eighteen months.
The year ' 1902 .was one of a crime
wave. : In 1903 the total number of per
sons tried in . this country was 661,667.
while in 1902 the figures .were 787,676.
This increase was in / crimes
against property, while crimes against
public morals showed, marked decrease;
but, as Sir John , Macdonald pointed
out, all figures show that neither penal
servitude nor imprisonment- serves to
deter the habitual offender from . re
sorting-to crime, the -most incorrigible
of airiaing women.
• Of Hhe; graver crimes which '.-; show
marked increase are murders arid.. bur
glary. '¦-•-"•:¦-¦•¦ - - - - r-ijiu - ¦ ¦
: In view . of .the encrrmous increase in
taxation ' In •. the '¦¦-. proposed ' Chancellor's
budget on Tuesday. At '¦ is not ra pleas-,
ant thought to'the -British '•_ taxpayer
that he has to pay nearly six ; millions
aryearfor'the suppression 'of 'crime, as
revealed in C this, blue bodk, and more
than; twelve millions- for relief of T the
poor.
Special Cable to The Call and New York.Her
ald. Copyrisht, 1904. by . the New York
Herald Publishing Company. - '
Great Britain Will
Give Large Area
to Zionists.
Becomes Epidemic at
Regular In
tervals.
CRIME, LIKE
DISEASE, IS
CONTAGIOUS
VAST TRACT
FOR COLONY
OF HEBREWS
;A f The /Italian* cruiser Liguria, Prince
.Luigi; Arhadeo of Savoy-Aosta. Duke
of Abruzzi, .in command, arrived here
yesterday: and will remain in port for
fifteen days. Prince Luigi, who 'holds
the rank of commander inthe Italian
navy, is making a . tour^of the world
and after • leaving this coast ,will turn
the Liguria's bow toward the Far
East, where he expects to see some
thing of the Russo-Japanese war. '
The Italian Consul, : his flag flying
on the Crowley launch , Guide, choo
chooed,. alongside the Liguria \ and
when the 'cruiser came.tO;an anchor
went' aboard and -paid his' respects to
the cousin of his King. number of
Italian , fishermen, in Y bright painted
crab boats, ; also gaaolined; their way
to the Liguria's side and . tooted wel
come to- Italy's, democratic' Prince.
This is the Liguria's '¦ first ; visit, to
this port. She is a cruiser of the third
class .and' smaller • than ! the • Paglia,
which was h,ere some months ago. She
is avessel of 2280, tons register and
was built-in 1S93 at a >. cost of $915,-,
600. . She can make, nineteen knots
and carries 257 officers and men. She
has come, from Italy; at; a leisurely
gait. Her. last, porf of call was Aca
pulca, which she left ten days ago.
Prince Luigi Amadeo . of Savoy-
Aosta, .Duke, of Abruzzi and com
mander of the Italian cruiser Liguria,
was bornatMadrid January, 29,' 1873.
He is the third son of the late Prince
Amadeo, of Savoy and cousin to Vic
tor Emmanuel, King of». Italy. Luigi,
in spite- of : his youth, .is one of the
most picturesque figures in the world
of science. ; As an Arctic explorer he
made^hisl/wayfurtheV north than did
Dr. Nanseri. . He , is . a . famous moun
tain climber and got ; nearer to the
summit, of Mount St. Elias than any
climber who had preceded him.
His .visit to : America was in ;1896,
when he, came, here as a lieutenant at
tached, to the cruiser Cristoforo ' Co
lombo. .A year later, accompanied, by
a small party of friends and scientists.
he came ;. here' again'; for the purpose
of ascending Mount St. Elias. He had
made, all the "great climbs in his' na
tive' Alps" and ; turned ; to, the 'Alaska
peak -in the hope -that he might go
beyond the points reached by Gop
ham, Russell, Bryant, Schwartka and
other sturdy . explorers. ' His party
reached, an altitude of 18,100 feet,
several thousand -feet higher than the
best previous /record. "...
r Prince:' Luigi, accompanied by* his
flag Lieutenant and Pier Lugi Grim
ahi, thel Italian Vice Consul, called
on General MacArthur ; yesterday.'afr
teriioon. General . MacArthur = and
Colonel George Andrews and : Major
Parker ,W. .West r will • return , the - call
of ! ' the Prince on Monday ; morning,
leaving Fort Mason on the Slocum at
10 o'clock. . ,."' " : ;
,The local Italian colony ..has made i
extensive arrangements for -the enter
tainment of; the Prince.
Sailor Duke Is a
Famous Ex
plorer.
Prince Luigi Is
Going Around
World.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO* SUNDAY, APRIL 21, '1904— PAGES 21 TO 34.
ITALIAN CRUISE R LIGURIA
COMES TO PORT CAPTAINED
BY MEMBER OF ROYAL FAMILY
The San Francisco CallDeath Summons Grain Merchant.
SAN DIEGO, April 23. — A- W.
Stewart, the widely known grain mer
chant and pioneer citizen of this city,
died to-day after an illness . of two
months. He was nearly 75 years old
and was a member of the Odd Fellows,
Knights, Templar, Knights of Pythias,
Masonic and other organizations. He
came to California in 1852.
NEW YORK, April 23.— The fol
lowing Californians arrived in New
York to-day: From San Francisco—
R. Harrison, at the Herald Square;
J. A. Hart and wife, at the New Am
sterdam; C. L. Parker, at the St.
Denis; C. Thompson, at the Grand
Union, and Captain A. Girard, at the
Park Avenue. W. H. Heber, from Los
Angeles, is at the Holland. .
Califomluns In Ncrv York.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— A son
was born to-night to Representative
and Mrs. W. R. Hearst.
Son Born to 3Ir. Hearst's Wife.
AUSTIN, Tex., April 23. — Julian
Schulltz, editor of the Texas Vor
waerts, died to-day. ( He was the na
tional president of the Sons of Her
mann.
Texas Editor Dies.
SACRAMENTO, April 23.— Some of
the railroads of the State paid the sec
ond installment of their, taxes for 1903
into the State treasury to-day. The
total amount paid' in was $568,859 10
and the prinicpal contributors were
the Central and Southern Pacific Rail
road companies.
Railroads Make Tax Payments.
WASHINGTON, ; April ' 1 2 3 .-^-Post
master General Payne is - much im
proved ¦ in, health and he expects to re
sume his -duty ,'at the~. department upon
his arrival in Washington ¦ in about
tendaya
Piiyne^ Is* Convalescing.
POINT RICHMOND, April 23.— R.
C. Park, an employe -of the Santa Fe
Railroad; was instantly killed to-day
by .the breaking : of.'a portion of a
scraper.. The top, of his head was cut
oft* and his body was horribly mangled.
Santa. Fc Employe Killed.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— President
Roosevelt ha9 removed Major Albert
M. Anderson, Indian Agent in charge
of the Colvllle reservation in Washing
ton State, as the result of the investi
gation of alleged Irregularities ' in his
administration of agency affairs. Spe
cial'Agent McNlcholls of the Indian
Bureau has been placed in charge. The
investigation has been in progress sev
eral weeks by McNlcholls and Inspec
tor NeBler.
It was charged that there had been a
falsification of Major. Anderson's
vouchers, a padding of the rolls of the
Col ville agency, and other gross infrac
tions of the law. ' Major Anderson was
given ten days in which to explain the
charges,: and he attributed the matter
complained of -to a clerk at the.agen-.
cy, who, however, it is said, has disap
peared on a' leave; of absence for sixty
days granted" him by .Major Anderson.
President Takes Action After an In
vestigation of Charges Against
\ Colonel Anderson.
COITVTLLE RESERVATION
AGENT IS REMOVED
"This platform proves that the op
position to the Kansas City platform
is not opposition to silver, but opposi
tion to every needed reform ana oppo
sition to all that the masses desire.
"I had expected that a platform pre
pared by Mr. Hill for Judge Parker
would be evasive and lacking in frank
ness, but I did not conceive that any
body of men calling themselves Demo
crats would present such a platform
as a recommendation of a candidate.
If we are to take the New York plat
form as an indication of what the next
Democratic platform is to be in case
the reorganized control the conven
tion, then who will be able to deny
the secret purpose ) of the reorganizes
tc turn the party over to a predatory
wealth? '
"Can any one doubt that with such
a platform as was adopted in New
York and. with a candidate whose con
science would permit him to run upon
such a platform— does any one doubt
that with such a platform and candi
date the party would be mortgaged be
forehand to the corporations that are
s now using the Government as a pri
vate asset and plundering the people
at will?"
New York platform, upon which Judge
Parker stands, Bryan, after reviewing
It plank by plank, continues:
"The New York platform Is a dishon
est platform, fit only for a dishonest
party. No one but an artful dodger
would stand upon it. The submission
of such a platform to the voters of a
State is an insult to their intelligence,
for it Is Intended *to deceive them, and
a deliberate attempt to deceive is a
reflection upon { the brains of those
to whom It is submitted.
SAN JOSE. April 23.— Burglar John
Woods, who was arrested at Mountain
View a few weeks ago, and who' says
burglary is not a paying profession, has
spent an aggregate of forty years out
of his sixty-two years of life,' in State
prisons. He has been "over the bay"
six times,, under as many aliases,- and
he expects to go again soon, as he says
he will plead guilty. this afternoon lo
the latest charge against him..
Prison for the Seventh
Time.
Mountain View Burglar Will Go lo
WOODS SAYS CRIME .
IS UNPROFITABLE
At the last meeting Jagues Thomas
was re-elected Mayor. TKe other mem
bers of the board are W. J. Martin, L.
C. Pistoles!, E. H. Shoemaker and D. C.
Hughes.
SAUSALITO. April 23.— The new
Trustees of Sausalif* have already
commenced work of reform. At their
last meeting:, which was the first at
which the newly elected Councilmen
voted, the license of Buena /Vista Park
was revoked, and hereafter Sunday pic
nics will not be permitted there. For
many years Buena Vista Park has been
a popular picnic resort- The Trustees
believe that Sunday picnics are not
conducive to good government, and
consequently have placed a ban upon
them.
Another important step was taken in
toe abolishment of all slot machines
within the city limits. Some time ago
by a county ordinance all machine
playing was declared Illegal. The
owners, however, appealed to the City
Trustees, with the hope that they
would be allowed to operate them by
paying a license. The board was unan
imous in its decision of this easel ¦ It
was agreed to have several city, or
dinances more rigidly enforced and. to
compel all saloons to close at an earlier
hour than has heretofore been the cus
tom.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SANTA CRUZ. April 23. — James
Stillman. president of the National City
Bank of New York City; G. Farrer,
representing Baring Brothers, bankers
of London, England; R. Goelet, direct
or of the Illinois Central Railroad;
Whitney Warren, railroad' architect,
and W. V. S. Thorne, director of pur
chases of the Harriman roads, arrived
here on a special train shortly before
3 o'clock. They spent a short time at
the Big Trees and then went to San
Jose.
Magnates Stop at Santa Cruz.
Residents in Control of the
Municipal Business of Sail
salito Make Regulations
TOWN TRUSTEES
ORDER REFORMS
LONDON'. April 23. — The House of
Commons to-day passed the second
reading, by 238 to 199 votes, of . the
trades union bill, legalizing peaceful
picketing and amending the law of con
spiracy in connection with trade dis-
Iputc3 and protecting: trades union
funds against legal process for damage
caused by the action of members of
f=uch unions. The bill is the outcome
of the recent judgment of the court In
th« Taffvale Railway case, which, with
the railway mpn's union, was mulcted
J in heavy damages for picketing and in
terfering: with non-unionists.
Measure Approved by British legisla
tors Legalizes Picketing and
Protect* Organizations.
KILL FAVORING LABOR
UNIONS PASSES HOUSE
"My own position is one of neutral
ity. I regard as available all candi
dates who are in favor of making: the
Democratic party an honest, earnest
and courageous exponent of the rights
and interests of the masses, and I re
gard as unavailable all who are in
sympathy with or obligated to the
great corporations that to-day domi
nate the policy of the Republican party
and seek through the ' reorganize™ to
dominate the political policy of the
Democratic party.
'"When some two years ago I became
satisfied that ex-Senator David B; Hill
was planning to be a candidate I point
ed out the 'objections'; to his candidacy.
When the Cleveland _" boom was
launched I pointed out ; the - objections
to his candidacy, and now that Mr.
Parker ; seems to . be the leading candi
date (though ' not the 'only candidate)
among the rebrganlzers, I desire to pre
sent some reasons why,, he cannot be
considered as v an'; available candidate
for, a Democratic ¦'•'. nomination, and I
find these reasons, not in his personal
ity, but ! in his position upon public
questions."*-. "%
; Launching Into" a discussion of the
HAS XO PERSONAL- CHOICE.
CHICAGO, April 23.— W. J. Bryan ad
dressed a large audience to-night in the
armory of the^ Second Infantry. The
meeting was entirely an affair of Bry
an's, he having rented the armory and
paid all expenses of the meeting. His
subject was "The New York Platform."
In order that his address might not
have the appearance of being delivered
under any particular political influ
ence Bryan was his own presiding of
ficer and introduced himself 'to _ his
hearers. In part he said:
"While many of the papers seem to
assume that the contest for the Demo
cratic nomination is necessarily be
tween Judge Parker and Mr. Hearst,
and that every Democrat must neces
sarily be "for one or the other, such a
position is illogical and without founda
tion. Those who are classed as reor
ganizers—and by that I mean those
who would carry the party back to the
position that it occupied under Mr.
Cleveland's administration— are not en-,
tirely agreed among themselves as .to
the proper candidate j upon whom to
concentrate their votes, and so those
who are In sympathy with the spirit of
our recent platforms may differ as to
the relative availability of those who
represent the progressive element of
the party.^jtSIJI
STOCKTON. April 23. — One of the
largest, if not the largest, .wheat trans
actions made in this part of this State,
has just been closed between William
P. 8telnbeck, manager of the Sperry
Flour Company, and H. Hughson, a
Modesto farmer. Steinbeck has pur
chased 4000 tons of Australian and
club wheat from Hughson. Steinbeck
would not state tho price paid, but it
is estimated about $120,000 changed
hands on the deal. •
Spcrry Flour Company Purchases 4000
Tons of Wheat From Modesto
Farmer.
STOCKTON 91 AN. MAKES
BIG WHEAT TRANSACTION
Denounces as DishonestPlat
form Adopted by Democ
racy of New York State
BRIAN SCORES
JUDGE PARKER
WASHINGTON, April 23.— Miss Alice
Roosevelt is suffering from a slight at
tack of German measles' and is now
connned to the house. The announce
ment was made from the "White House
to-day. ; Several hundred invitations
have been sent out for a,-musicale to
be g!\':n Monday evening, by Mrs.
Roosevelt. As Miss Roosevelt is iso
lated in her own apartments her phy
sician said to-night that there would
be no danger whatever to the guests,
and on this account' the invitations for
the musicale will not be recalled. Miss
Roosevelt's physician says the attack
is only a very mild one, and that
she will not be confined indoors more
than several days at the most. * , :.^ :
White IIouse~Attack a Very
- 3Iild One. '
lir C&uln€Hi^ r Uer} r Apartments at the
ALICE KOOSEVEL.T SICK
WITH GERMAN MEASLES
CHEFU, April 24.— Private letters re
ceived from Port Arthur under date of
April 15 state that the Japanese bom
bardments of April 13 and 14 did no
damage to the town. No shells fell
inside the city.
Xot Damaged by Bombardments.
In spite of the reports from Seoul and
Tokio that the Russians are massing
50,000 men to resist the Japanese cross
ing the Yalu River, it can be asserted
with great positiveness that an obsti
nate obstruction of the enemy's cross
ing is no part of General Kuropatkin's
tactics. The Russians intend that the
Japanese shall have the river behind
them before giving battle in force.
Kuropatkin's plans in this respect are
fully approved here. Of course, the
Russians will do all in their power to
render the crossing as difficult and.ex
pensive as possible, but the first de
cisive engagement will occur in Man
churia, where the Russians believe they
will have all the advantage of position.
The Japanese fleet is again reported
to be off Port Arthur, but the report is
not official.
The Ruski Slavo prints a letter from
an official in the French service which
reports the presence of numerous
Japanese spies in France, well provided
with money. They shadow Russians
and watch the shipyards. Especially do
they endeavor to ascertain the exact
date- of- the departure of the Baltic
ileet and the points en route at which
It will coal. r :V' - : >
¦ The KovoBti states that the Russians
should feel gratified at the strategical
achievement of the naval . squadron,
"which imposed caution upon the Japa
nese operations and gave Russia time to
throw a preponderating military force
into Manchuria. The most favorable
time,' the XovoSti continues, for Japa
nese military operations has passed.
ST. PETERSBURG, ' April 23.— The
Government has no advices supporting
the rumor of heavy fighting on the
Yalu River. Everything is reported
quiet from the theater of war.
A rumor had been current In this
city that the Japanese sustained heavy
loss while attempting a landing near
the mouth of the Talu River. Accord
ing to the report, which was said to
have been based upon a private tele
gram from Port Arthur, the Japanese
lost 7000 men. The story was discred
ited in quarters where the press cor
respondents made inquiries.
NO BATLE
FOUGHT ON
THE YALU
'THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, t APRIL' 24, 1904.
22
SEE PA6ES
41 to 47.
ft BUSINESS CHANCES, MONEY TO LOAN. ROOMS
-J\ TO LET FURNISHED AND UNFURNISHED,
dy$\ HOUSEKEEPING APARTMENTS TO LET. SITUA-
Tv / TIONS WANTED, HELP WANTED, AND A THOU-
"Sy SAND OTHER WANTS FULLY DISCUSSED—
PAGES 41 to 47 INCLUSIVE, TO-DAY'S CALL.
ADVERTISEMEKTS.
the
It is a fact, generally
conceded by physicians,
pharmacists, and even bv
competitors, that Hood's
Sarsaparilla is the most
effective medicine ever
devised for the^complete
purification of the blood,
and the complete renova-
tion of the whole system.
Hood's Sarsflparilla
Sold everywhere, get it to-.da»
DR. SHOOP'S REMEDIES.
Get My Book, if SicK.
Don't Send a Penny.
. Don't send :¦ penny.
Ju*t wait till vou mx wh«t I cm 4*. ' _.
Let me take the riik. Lrf nur prore a» 6nt what Dr.
Sboop'« R«torcthre an do. Tht Rwtoratne will faSo
roar Iriendshtp. your c^i«eB)ent,UT«it«l it. tora
whole month you can dm It without »• •I*!"*** ""H;
I will tell you ol » drunrlM oear ?o» who will luini.h
•is bottle* of Dr. Shocp « Reiterative a month on trial.
I will abtohjtely Msnd all the co«t U it faUa. U you
aay. " It did not helpm*," t&t end» »j a»far ai coit to
you is eoficcmed. I)o rou ondentand me? l«»«e"-
inr It at plainly, aa clear y at I can. • I want you to
ICSowabMludrand wit&out doubt .that th«,pfief it
jnadeon honor." I hav« the •retcrfction that cure*.
My only problem it to convince you Out Dr^Shoop a
•Rtitcritirt will cure— it an uncommon remeay. a
common cemedy cauld not »Und , a te«t Ukt tl.lt. -It
wouU taakrupt the phyiician tiukinf the offer. And
I«^.n«e«dfnf everywhere »nd here L the *ecret ol
: ny Mtrcest. Hound inrarbbly thai where there ni. I
weakness, the inside nerve* were weak. Where there
fwSrSckol vitality. Oie vial "^"Jf^.TCTv
WbtftweakoncantwerelounJ. j «l w *'»J. 0 « n< L* e ,?i
BtrVS. Not the nenres commonly »»>*«««. > «<^f but tht
ifeiremn*' nervet. Tlte inside— the invisible nerve*.
ThUwat a revelation. Then my real tuccew bepn. :
The. I combined ii^rtdiente that ™> d "«?«£«'j ,
that would vitalUe, these nerves. That prescription I
caUedVrestontive. It is kno«m the world over now <
at Dr. Shoop'* Restorative. Thousand* are accepnnr
¦ my otter and only one in each forty writes me that my
remedyfailed . Just think of it. m ooi t ol * f et weft
7nd oX««rediflKu!tcatet. too. Aod the fortKth ha.
notl.inc to pay. • That is a record lam proudof. It ;
U wronV W Juy tick when a chance like thu u open..
If well, you should wll others who are sick, of my offer.
- D*?l letV tick friend stay sick because he knows not;
otiny offer. Tell him. Get my book for him. .po
your duty. You may be sick yoursell.tometime.. Sick
people need help. They appreciate sympathy and I arf.j
"eUme of some-sick Irienf Let me cure him., 1 hen t
he will show hi* t™''W < * eto c bo i h # ot -H?;u^C u ' l I!'i
waul will be hit gratitude.. '-Send for the book now.f
np not ' ¦ ' --
, Str.piv.tate
book you want anfl Book ;J on the Kldneya.
addrers Dr. Sh'»op. Book ? for Women. j
,>ox 7630. Racine. *°%*M. J^S ' ""*
Wla. . Book « on Rheumatism.
Mild enn'f. not chronic.: ar»; often* cured With
«na or ' two boiUta, MX driUUJwU" •
GREAT MAY DAY NUMBER.
If You Want o Good, vHcarty
• Laugh," Read 'the New'- Ar-'
I',* Jerome "K.': Jerome. :
'ON* : THE
NEXT SUNDAY: CALIj.
DR. KILrgEB^ SWAMP-BOOT.
THOUSARDS 11 KIDNEY
TROUBLE AKD DON'T KNOW !T
J; ¦ IV-liiijMllirtirr" 7 '! ¦¦¦ \ ¦¦¦^¦/¦i^ste^j^y — i
ii . ;.!¦-„¦¦:; ;=:¦!/!¦ [I Wiililil^®lf^ i; wfe f f.
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
will do for YOU; Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
end raftering than any other disease -therefore, when, through
ne£!ect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
i&tal results ar^ sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention — but your kidneys most,
k-c!-::sc they do most and need attention first. •
If you are sick o.- "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root, the 6»*cat kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
nsKOon as your kidneys begin to get fcette.* they will h;Ip all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince anyone.
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment in the urine.
Swamp-Root, the great kidney and headache, backache, lame back, dizri-
biadder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
itands the highest ior its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidney trouble,
cures cf the most distressing cases, skin eruptions from bad blood, neural-
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- gia. rheumatism, diabetes, bloating, ir-
ttrm rirbt. and the best proof of this ritability. worn-out feeline. lack of am-
is a trial. bition, loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
M COTTAGE ST.. MELROSE. MAPS. Or Brfght's disease.
Dear Sir: Jan. 11th. VMS. Tf votlr water when allowed tO *e-
Ever elnce I was In the army I iad more ** > ou f. Wa t"\ wncn » llowc « «» y=\
or ;¦ " kn!r.iv trouble, and witbin the past mam undisturbed in a class or bottle tor
>esr it bwan.e to eevere and corcplicated that twenty-four hours, forms a sediment Of
I «ufftrr<l eventbi&c »nd *"*» «EUcb alarmed — " :. J , . , j 4
p7 Btrenrth end power «u ia»t having me. settling or has a cloudy appearance, n
] «aw an advn-u*eraent of Kwamp-Root and j s evidence that your kidneys and
wrote asking for advice.. I b<-ccn the use ct ..„ .«__ __.j ;-,«, J;,». .«»«»m«i '
i ho ntrticine and noted a decided improvement bladder neea immeaiate attention.
arter taking Swamp-Root only a. ¦Bort Uma. Swamp-Root IS the great discovery of
I ecuinuf-i it* u»* and am thank!ul to ray »-,. v.\~.-- »u« .„;..„> ¦ i.;j.,. __J
t!:at I am entirely cured end etrong. In order Dr - Kilmer, the eminent Kidney ami
to b<» very tcr« about this, i had a doctor «- bladder specialist. Hospitals use it
•mine *ome of rr.v Tvater to-<3a>. and he pro- .,-^.r.rl.T-fiil rtii>r»s* Jn 'r>nth tiitrhr
nr-un-d it all risht and In irplendid condiUon. Wlln WOndertUl EUCCeSS in DOtn SUgnt
i knew that your Swamp-Root it purely re»- and severe cases. Doctors recommend
Sr3£ TS.r.K,1 i rro n u 0t for CO m? 1 2o^fcte fcl SS J f , u . 1 U to their, patients and use it in their
•ry ard recommending swamp-Root to ail «if- own families, because tney recocnjze
rerera. i am." Very £ru?y gjg^^^^ in Swamp-Root the greatest and most
You may have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, is for sale at drug stores the world
tent free by mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two |
>ou may test its virtues for such dis- prices— fifty cents and one dollar. Re- |
crdcrs as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name, Swamp-Root, Dr. '
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad- j
to pass your water frequently night and dress Binghamton, N. Y., on every
day, smarting or irritation in passing, bottle.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly
curing even the moi>t distressing cases of kidney, liver or bladder trou-
bles, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle
and a book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The
book contains ciany of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women cured. The value and success of
Swamp-Root is so well known that o^.' readers are advised to send for a
f ample "bottle. In sending vour address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bingham-
ton, N. Y., be sure to sav vou read this generous offer in the San Fran-
c^co Sunday Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
"f this offer.
¦ .... ./ . .¦ . ' - . ¦ ...... . 1 • . .AJD VERT J.SEU.E .NTS.
j^" 885^ ¦ ' AX XS4IT ¥? QTfFbTZW ¦
i T nHfps: 9 Fndlf^h Tnnner^—^/x Off f
» . LiU\llv»J JLill^ilijil iUyytrltJ /V? vrll»»»t» S
I Select any little Top Coat in our store, pay the |
I sa ' es ' a^y one-third less than the already low,;;!
I P lain ly" mar^ e d price—that's the whole story. I
\ j|»flw Read it over twice, think what it means, then |
\ Mw^^^^^\- Do ¦ Your Own MarKing Down, . I
I j/^^W 1 /^i^ft^^^Pv We- simply invite you to come here— select any little Top Coat 1
¦f *&Mi!r\J mM^'^^^^^^ you desire and make the reduction yourself. This is a chance you j
W iWS? \\ \ lft& W^^j^m \ \ should not miss, and the sooner you come the greater will be the &
§ '>p^ yN^.^^^^p^^^^fi^fll uj 1 selection and the better the chance. For example: 5
fw '^rfi^ MviK^i^Bm I Iv Little Tan Coverts tnat are marked $14, you pay the saleslady |V
1 1©H \\ $ fi-34. English Mall Coverts and Black Broadcloth Jackets that are
g v!\ \lW-> { >\Wmi i J marked $17.50, you pay $1 1.67. For our $25 Coats you pay $16.6? 5
i VSrpf WAJt 1 ' 4 !!l » —and so on through our magnificent stock of Toppers in the latest 9
I Arrival of the New Silk Shirt Waist Suits I
I We place on exhibition this morning our new, smart Silk Shirt f
I Waist Suits— identical designs that you will see on the streets of Paris I
§ /7TN^# and London — Exact copies of the great French 1
I vS^^^ designers. No "Two Alike. I
j W^m' \ -Girls' FrocKs— Monday Only... I
1 /^fejjy/ * Our snappy lines of Buster Browns, Peter Thompsons and C^W J
ff ?i§v^\I 1 Russian Blouse Frocks in all the pretty Spring colorings; ages 8 to V ~J % '
I W^'ht'l 16 years. Regular prices $10 and $12. For Monday only ; . 5
- , APVZBTIflEMEgTS. '
LET ME PLAN
YOUR TRIP EAST.
CALL— or write— and I will taktt
pleasure iri quoting rates (both
first class and tourist) to any point East,
Southeast or Northeast.
I will also let you know the best way
to reach it, when you should leave, when r
you will arrive, whether or not a change
of cars is necessary, and why you should
take the Rock Island System to Chicago,
Omaha, Kansas City ', St. .Paul, Minne-
-" apolis, St. Louis, Memphis and hundreds
of other points on the other side of the
Rockies.
/ . • ¦ . ¦ '.'.¦'- '¦¦ - ¦ - . -¦ "
Please Note : The Rock Island System oper-
ates more. through car lines than any other lino
from California to the East.
HlfllSfMmmH Ct A# RU JHERFORD,
Pjg^WwT* I * Wan District Passenger Agent,
flUKi jH W LlUSt * 2 3 aritet St. > San Francisco, CaL¦The Civil Service Commission yes
terday sent to the Police Commission
ers the name of Joseph Burnett as the
next man eligible for the -position of
captain 'of police, i- Burnett; is v now
a lieutenant at the Central*' "'station.
In the recent examinations held for
applicants for the position of captain
on the police force he ranked second.
Captain Duke, who ranked first in
the examinations, was appointed to
fill the vacancy caused by the death
of Captain George Blrdsall of the Cen
tral station. ¦ •
It is a confirmed rumor around po
lice circles that Duke will be given
command of the Harbor station, with
which he is familiar, and that Lieu
tenant Burnett, who is to be ap
pointed captain at the next meeting
of the Police Commission on Tuesday
night, will be given charge of the
Central station.
POLICE COMMISSION AVTLL
APPOINT NEW CAPTAIN
ST. LOUIS, April 23. — Sentence
was to-day passed upon "Lord" Fred
erick Seymour Barrington in the Cir
cuit Court nt Clayton, who was recent
ly convicted of having killed James P.
McCann, his benefactor. Judge McEl
henny set the date for the execution
for June 14, but later granted a stay
of execution until after July 23.
Barrington entered the courtroom
smiling and bearing himself with that
self-possession that characterized him
throughout his trial. When the court
asked him if he had anything to say
before sentence was pronounced Bar
rington replied:
"No, I have nothing to say, except
that I have not been given a fair trial.
I had. intended reviewing my defense,
but in deference to my attorney I will
say nothing more."
When the sentence was pronounced
Barrington almost collapsed. His face
became ashen and he sank into a
chair, his hands clasped in mute de
spair as he intently listened to his at
torney asking for a stay of execution.
Man Who Murdered James McCann,
His Benefactor, Gets Extreme
Penalty of Law.
DEATH SENTENCE GIVEN*
"LORD" F. S. BARRINGTON
Io*ran Arouses Republicans to Exclt
inz l*itch and New Yorker Stirs
Democrats.
. WASHINGTON, April 23.— Two of the
•"heavy-weight" speakers of the House
of Representatives held sway fn that
body to-day. Incidentally the bill for
a commission to investigate the ques
tion of Fhip subsidy was passed.
Hepburn of Iowa first
aroused and held Republican enthusi
asm at a hi^h pitch. After an hour
and a half he yielded the floor, which
was tak^n possession of by Bourke
Coclcran of New York, who brought
from his Democratic colleagues thun
derous applause and cheers. Cockran
sp«-<ke for two hours.
Kach speaker took "the other side of
the chamber" for his legitimate prey,
although the general political field was
reviewed.
The feature of the day, -vhich was
clearly of the sensational order, was
the charge of Dalzell against Cockran
that he had worked for hire for the
flection of McKinley. Denouncement
«f this charge and the gentleman who
made it was in language bitter with
resentment.
HEPBURN AND OOCKRAX
KEEP HOUSE IN UPROAR
MOUNT VERNON. N. Y.. April 23.—
George H. Primrose, the famous min
strel, and Miss Esther .tferney of San
Francisco were quietly married this
afternoon ln the Church of the Sacred
Heart here .by Rev. Edward J. Flynn.
The ceremony was witnessed by rela
tives of the contracting parties.
Primrose, who is known the country
over, is said to have made $500,000 in
Mount V'ernon real estate. He lives in
a pretty villa at Summit and East
Lincoln avenues, Chester Hill, the
fashionable section of Mount Vernon.
His first wife died last summer in De
troit. His present bride is well known
in California as a concert singer. The
couple met some fifteen years, ago
while Miss Nerney was being educated
in Yonkers Convent. When the first
Mrs. Primrose died she left her entire
estate to her husband, j Her will was
recently probated In the Surrogate
Court of Westchester County at White
Plains.
Primrose has a week's engagement
at Hammersteln's Victoria Theater, be-'
ginning May 2. after which he and his
wife will start on a three months'
wedding tour to the World's Fair at
St. Louis, and California. This will be
followed by a European tour.
PR13LROSE, THE MISSTREKj,
WEDS CALIFORNIA GIRL
The required reserve was augmented
$9,064,000 through the increase in depos
its, deducting which sum. from the gain
In cash left $6,899,500 as the increase in
surplus reserve to $34,203,700, the high
est of the year. Computed upon the
basis of deposits, less those of $56,205,
500 public money, the surplus is $48,255,
075. Public deposits showed a gain of
$13,800 and the circulation showed a
gain of $410,800.
NEW YORK, April 23.— The Finan
cier this week says: The striking fea
tures of the New York Associated
Banks last week were more or less im
portant gains in every item, making
new high records. Th,e surplus reserve
was the highest of the year, which fact
is important because of the probability
that the payment of the Panama canal
money will, now that the United States
has secured a clear title to the proper
ty, most likely soon be made. Loans
were expanding $1,136,000, which
amount was smaller than was expect
ed. The expansion probably, reflects
part of the corporation loans which
were effected in the previous ' week.
Specie gains of $9,963,100 cash, or, $2,
523,200 less than that which was esti
mated from the traceable movements
of money during the week. The dis
crepancy between the official and the
estimated gain may be accounted for
by the bank average system. Deposits
increased $12,256,000, which amount was
$842,300 less than the sum of the gain
in the loans and in cash. Therefore the
statement does not as closely balance
as has been the case in previous weeks;
this, however, may be due to the bank
merger, which became effective on
Monday.
The monitor Wyoming and the tor
pedo-boat destroyers Preble and Paul
Jones left Panama yesterday for Aca
pulco on their way to Pechilinque
Bay, where they will remain for sev
eral days and then proceed to San
Francisco.
PARIS, April 23.— The resolution
of the Panama Canal Company share
holders ratifying the sale of the canal
to the United States was adopted al
most unanimously. There were only
five votes against it.
The second Panama resolution was
adopted. There were only two; dis
senting votes. The^ meeting then ad
journed.
This completes the transfer «f the
canal to the United States.
WASHINGTON, April 28. — The
State Department has been notified of
the conclusion in Paris of the'con
tract for the sale to the United States
Government by the Panama Canal
Company of all its franchises ' and
property on the Isthmus. The money
for the canal company will be paid
over by the Secretary of the Treasury,
it is understood. Secretary Hay him
self will pay to the state of Panama
the $10,000,000 to which. It has be
come entitled. This payment will be
made in Washington to Senor Arose
mena, the newly appointed Minister
from Panama, as soon as the Govern
ment of that state authorizes him by
cable to accept the mdney. The au
thorities in Panama have become
clamorous for this payment, as the
money is 'needed to defray certain ex
penses already incurred In connection
with the creation of the new state.
The large fleet of United States
warships which assembled on both
coasts of the isthmus of Panama soon
after the revolution has been gradu
ally reduced by the departure of
ships for other points until now but
two remain to safeguard the interests
of the United States in that quarter.
The cruiser Boston is at Panama and
the cruiser Newark at Colon. v
Secretary Hay Will Now Pay
to New Republic $10,000,
000 to Which It Is Entitled
Probable Early Payment of
Panama Canal Money Has
an Effect on Financiers
INCREASE IN DEPOSITS
FEW NEGATIVE VOTES
Important Gains in Every
Item Feature of Business
of New York Institutions
Panama Company Share
holders Eatify Sale of Wa
terway to the United States
BANKS MAKE
HIGH RECORDS
FINAL ACTION
IN CANAL DEAL
John Brady, a marine fireman, re
siding at 461 Stevenson street, com
mitted suicide yesterday afternoon by
taking carbolic acid.
Ends a Melancholy Life,
the emergency hospitals during Brack
ett's one month's, leave "of absence last
January. BYackett went East to study
the operations' of hospitals,
but it is said that he did not bring back
a single \ report : . thereon. ;A few days
after Brackett assumed -charge of the
hospitals • here Stephens •; resigned, be
cause' he could ; not get al6ng,with the
first ; named. In all probability ¦- Dr.
Brackett's ', resignation will ¦ be accepted
''at]-! next [Thursday's Vmeetingi of ' the
Health ¦ Board, • which will then • appoint
SteDhens "'to^he : VacaniowWfflfi &S83&
SAN JOSE, April 23. — At the meeting: of the
San Jose Grange to-day. it was stated that the
ravages or , the new insect, • thrip. on the fruit
trees had ceased. It was reported that trees
sprayed with crude oil had not been touched.
"I will '-¦ give i- Dr. N Brackett's attorney
an opportunity Monday morning at
11. o'clock to explain certain alleged
discrepancies ; in [ the testimony of the
accusing witnesses," said, the AJayor.
"Then I Iwill have Dr." .Ward; "president
of thej Health 'Board, and Dj. Brackett
ln^ my*;ofllce for 'the , purpose t;of. going
over, the testimony and the f details con-'
nected ' therewith, j I will then*.' prepare
my findings In the 'premises and make
them public. ;, I [will say that the rules
of . the 7 Health , Board ; must I be ' obeyed
by all of. its and; it looks
to me 'that -one_ orj'two ? forced resigna
tions .will : have a .'salutary , 'effect '' in
st6pping ( further violations i thereof. 1 ' V; ;-
: = i;Dr.\ Stephens,'^ the .prospecti ye ap
pointee-to- Brackett's place,- conducted
Mayor Schmitz made the definite an
nouncement yesterday that he had
fully made up his mind to appoint a
successor! to . Dr. George ; F. Brackett,
chief emergency surgeon, who is un
der fire for having accepted a fee while
acting. in his official capacity, and to
that end -Dr. Brackett will be com
pelled to resign the position. -
In all probability- Dr. John I. Ste
phens, at one time acting chief emer
gency surgeon during Brackett's ab
sence in the East, will be named for
the place. Dr. C.F. Millar, at present
one- of the assistant surgeons, is a
strong applicant for the place, and Dr.
J. Copley Stlnson,*" a member of the
Health Board, would prefer the salaried
position; to the honorary one he now oc
cupies.' ;
"While- both Millar and . Stinson are
highly.' thought of by the Mayor, his
Honor will appoint Stephens as, chief
surgeon • ln accordance ' with previous
plans, unless" something should inter
vene in- the ; meantime to cause him to
change his mirid.
In'his announced intention of. asking
Dr. Brackett for his ! resignation Mayor
Schmitz says that 'he has not yet made
up*his ( mind to find Brackett guilty of
any" dishonest act in connection ¦, with
the .; disclosures \ made,;, by.; '} Mortimer
Fleishhacker and Mrs. Bessie* Ames.
Mayor Schmitz Decides to
Appoint Dr. J. I. Stephens
Chief Emergency Surgeon
BRACKETT MOST
RESIGN OFFICE
1 Bisco has just', been ordered ¦ home
from the . Asiatic station^ His . father
in-law, L. R. Hammersley of New York,
has been extremely, active in his*be
half. ' : "": ' ' .
Paymaster Bisco appealed from his
harsh language, ; but Admiral Evans
was sustained by the Secretary of the
Navy and President Roosevelt. Pay
master Bisco was later court-martialed;
and Bisco's friends have stated that
the court-martial was ordered by Rear
Admiral Evans, although' the court of
inquiry recommended only the court
martial of . a ¦ yeoman who had Berved
under Paymaster Bisco. '
WASHINGTON, April 23.— Admiral
Evans, who is coming home on the bat
tleship Kentucky from command of
the Asiatic station, may run Into a
mess of trouble being prepared by Pay
master Harry E. Bisco. The record of
the court-martial of Bisco. charged
with neglect in the supervision of cer
tain stores, has been recelvedin Wash-'
ington. • It was to-day examined by an
attorney said to have been retained by
certain friends and - relatives of Bisco,
who believe him to have been perse
cuted by 'Admiral Evans.
Paymaster, Bisco and Rear Admiral
Evans have not enjoyed good relations
since :¦ the former - was a member of a
court which tried Assistant Paymaster
Nicholson, for" having assaulted the
German Consul at Chefu, China. The
court recommended a sentence which
Rear Admiral Evans considered inade
quate, and he , said '. so in one of the
most violent castigations ever . uttered
by the reviewing authority of court
martial. "'• '.'¦ ';¦¦:
Friends of a Court-Marttaled Pay
master Allege Thai He Was
Persecuted.
PREPARING TROUBIiE '
, FOR AD3UKAL EVANS
THE SAN FRANCISCO" CALLV SUNDAY; APRIL 1 24, 1904.
23
'-" / -•; ¦- .; a. ADVEBTISZ1CENT3.
THOUSANDS OF FAIR WOMEN
HERALD PRAISES FOR PE-RU-NA
(Neglected Colds and Spring Catarrh Make Invalids of More Women at This Season Than All Other
Diseases Combined.) .
At the Beginning of a Cold Is X^^wlllK. " m 0UNCE 0F prevention is better
the Time to Take Pe-ru-na. WMWj/fo\ ™ AN A T!!_° f CURE *"
O — 7— — p il^^V ' L. Uw/t\ How to Pr otect Yourself Aialrist
! Another ,nt«r. S W S Utter. ¦ T JS » T.X' 1 ""
«b mm TOO T^f AWP A PITT T>T-J ITT T?G v« » • , * "I — *t)it II L-£ aWjmtt - J'l UrFf^Jrl—
1V1 n W '/! U VI" ' nnati. / . "Also keep the chest well protected.
,O., Orator Friday Chautauqua /^^m'lW, "Sleep ln a woll ventilated room.
Club, writes: " Be s " re to s ° out in the fresh alr
"I consider Peruna the finest rem- .f -'At/ \ hi i&Z%£K \\ »Ti/*^iv\(' /^i/ evcr y da >'- so as to be accustomed to
edy for catarrh on the market. A few •. /eg2 ,!jS&£x-> XVllrfff '1* falli outdoor air -"
months aeo I caught a cold from get- ' /\^V# / I '!a»lfi Xr^iS^^-'l ~""'"~^™ I Tne 'following o£
tfn& my feet wet and being exposed to i'v/V'/f Im/HiI C^"j5?3§^S HFAI TH HIVTQ these rules will se-
the weather. This cold settled on my VMs5t?*MS| f/(lP^"-^S ncauin ni » li > cure to each indi-
lungs and caused them to be sore and .//$&/! \K\ \i i*V 'ii ft Ml.- Z^Zs-Js FOR APRIL ™ual a reasonable
si .na ev. ry r . : y** u m §a milr^W - — ss'zjfs:
would hurt me, and I raised a lot of Mi I. \2fel » M?JVL\ A tarrh - «P rl n^ f e ver - «^ so forth, in spite
phlegm. My breath was bad. my ap- £/[ V. \/fS %^g^ Hi \ of slush, sleet, rain or sudden changes of
petite poor and my general condition >jt\"\'Wt t\ YVkJ,'/// > M \ <i^v l temperature. .'.';'.¦:
run down. I began taking Peruna //knl/ / ill VR&jji ''Im \ fetf=O Ifp however » y° u a™ already the vlc-
and in a short time I was restored to V/Wj/ M Ii I iT§& fiMKJ *u tlm °' a cou f*h. loose or tight, catarrh.
perfect ' health." — Miss Margaret Xf\\W/f U I. 1 \$S //B» 1 AF acute or chronic, the remedy that re-
Phelps ' */if'" ri /'A~''i mill H \ s& lieves readily, cures quickly and restores
Wi^*lrijZ>V ml WmX iiSj?*^ permanently is Peruna.
O : — O S^ V ll!ww k -M«l' l *^^-^V- A few d05f>a ot P^runa at the besln-
f^ -W F/!Qi)fT i M^ n'nr of a cold will chango the entlr«
— — "^"^ CSefcA III V \mW8fii uSBt 1 course oi events. It operates directly on
"•****7iiiii i 1 1 Ft \l Ifl liW HJk H a11 tha mucou!l membranes, so that no
jS^jfr-*, i \\\ *^ CPx 1^ Jl matter where the cold may have settled.
SS^ Wf/jfJIMk I \l\ BSw *"-"* fcJ // It is bound to be reached by this search-
fS ' 7/yS /yCLw U 11 J^**- SI in» remedy. Peruna absolutely prevents
ff f/f * Jr 7 I U* Xx^ catarrh from fastening itself upon any
ff rf/^\jdiA J**"^ • l^^^V P art °* t^ ie organism. •
w/m ¦ \&r t \ ir. , • - ¦ ¦ w ¦ Cure q Cold Before It Develoos Into
1 1 J / jyy$j@^ ~'^^^^^ = ~^^~ —^Lw^S^-_ II mc> as ' was not ' nWe to afforfl s'"^' 1 «¦
I W^C r''^^^^^^^^^^^^^- If ventive lor coitls and coughs and «>oon
\\ //"v"' V. i-*Er^ v v > $^' /rO^^^^rrrr:^ // rids the system of all disease hikI \n an
\\ - 1§^^=^ A\^^C^?Sips 11 admirable medicine."— Lydla Herzigr^r.
\», i(«^3RTA 1\VA \\> // Mrs- Frances Wilson. 32 Xelson street.
\nS5 ra^T V\ 1*W =^A \^ WSX^>X Clinton. Mass.. writes:
VBT/ XJ YK^LJ^^^^^*^' ' ==:= 52< t J^v£> ;y S "Had you seen me at the .time of inv
h"^? m yr\^i^\. ~/4r^ - - "f illness and now. you would not wonder
¦ JLji^i/ . \ i \\X _irurt^ /y • ¦ f\ Ti jr- • that * take delight In sounding th«
¦ im. xvCV/ uV rOjfiiJ ,Ji/£ <«'/f!*C££ I? IVl f*\ Ti'»v-— \V praises of Peruna. My ailment was a.
'»>V\f« I \ \\ytJ( trill WlK^>^* '"J^KRP^Y'N VT' U severe cold, which attacked the bronchial
SSvAlf /lk \ iVnSx/lfwd 1'* ¦ "UO.yiiJJ tubes and lungs. I followed your spe-
lT^ i If i f¥ I i f r f r l i ¦¦ n- . . JJ cial directions and after using six bot-
JnBSel/^VjS7^liS^\I_~I^---" * 5?: ===— -=S^ tlPS of Peruna l was °n ray feet asain. I
Jr/ HK\. in^y f%\\ V- 1 * think Peruna a wonderful medicine."
ff/llJmf^Y 1 1 V\\ \ THE TESTIMONIALS GIVEN HERE ARE ONLY FOUR OF THOUSANDS
///iW\f ( I I' l\\\ OF TESTIMONIALS FROM THANKFUL WOMEN.
ill lit/ill* Ir'liillh M 'ft'lrvsV ( °' MorrlBon> 1030 s - New Jerse y st » Indianapolis, Ind., w'rltes: )
*l 'Ir/ J/ ¦ « ' ' w~i(w nrl = [• Sri(lll ) J "^ ome mo/ iths ago I contracted a severe cold returning from the \
'/Uni-OnX !ii }' 'WlIMi HJ^Siil ) heater. This cold settled in my head and developed into catarrh of\
vn/'fft 'II I fJlln-lwiifvL )'* ne head and nose, and I know of nothing more obnoxious. Every morn- \
\' \ )r~- Jjf*%fl£pSr< 'IuiMW / In 3 w hen I arose my head was all stopped up, throat dry and parched, \
{nf^P^^^^W^-Si \\lt(S/ ) and ! would have to spray for half an hour before I could clear the \
'rn^^Al^^wM^^^^^ ) head. / noticed that Peruna was advertised as a certain cure for ca- \
m /4^J>N V *0a ) * arr h* so I tried what it would do for me, and found after four weeks' \
jvj&^yk. p-S^a^ffi^T'C^C ( use f hat it had cleared my head and throat, leaving no trace of catarrh. \
rjprZ^sX^Z^w^^^^^ r * n *^^J ) ' therefore wish to add my testimony to the many you have as to Me \
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 REGENT $3.50 SHOES
Mtok F-OR MEN
J^lfik THIS WEEK
\ mi 111 5p^ • / \J
a |H W[]f '' ALL STYLES.'-;
1 M Jenness-Miller S3.5Q Shoes
I Jt\~ F"OR WOMEN
\ 0 S^*S*\ THIS WEEK
I 2^^^ ALL STYLES -
W§k 3 EVERY SHOE IN THE HOUSE
* Xm*<^JB J S GREATLY REDUCED IN
I \§§|if PRICE.
. >^pr HAVING PURCHASED
I NOLAN BROS.'
t LAKGK STOCK OT HIGH-ORADB SHOES
~* . AT A BARGAIN*. WE ARE SHARING THE
% PROFITS OF OCR PURCHASE WITH OUR
¦<¦ ifSTOMERS AND THE WAT OCR BIG
i STORE HAS BEEN* CROWDED SINCE THE
OPENING SHOWS HOW THE PEOPLE AP-
i, . PRECIATD THE SHOE VALUES WE ARE
I GIVING.
£ I OUR NEW PLAN ENABLES CS TO
CONT>UCT BUSINESS ON A SMALLER
'. MARGIN OF PROFIT THAN THE OLD
i STSTEi!.
t VTE BUT FOR CASH.
Therefor* we ret tie l»we*t price,
t WE SELL FOR CASH.
i We b«ve no h«d acoounti.
* WE PAT NO SAIjARIES FOR FIOURE-
f HEADS.
: Evnrj »«Tary must be earned.
S EVERT EMPLOTE SHARES IN THE
i PROFITS.
6 Ineurlnr the beet service.
cuqf CO ¦ \
"; Successors to NOLAN OROS.
H r>UCI AXTDTTII niMr; 812-814 MARKET ST.
PMELAN DUiLUIiNu 9-11 ofarrbllst.
tFor Chilly Mornings and Cool Evenings
Top Coats $ 8.5O
P^^L. — ~ — — . -
/^^^^§Wjd0^^\ T° b e - n s ty' e this spring you must be in a top coat.
f^^^^%^^^-5-^81 ut the ,top. coat must be made correctly — it must be in accord
tv:%^M:-^;4^SS^\ Th e Pi cture h ere is a good illustratipn— it was sketched from a
$*?ji«i&fc living model wearing one of our coats. Still it doesn't do justice to the
K^Sffpl coat * You must try a coat on yourself— note the fit, the style, the
W$(^ making— and the price. Then only will you get a good idea of what
1 '- '¦¦¦ /fj^^^^ we mean by correct top coat.
We want you to see the top coats we are selling for $8.50 to
te-""'-" y 1; «HH Sorine Business Suits $8 50
Spring suits for business wear in a beautiful array of patterns in
lIPwHHBPl very s ha3e from a dark tone to a light effect. See our. exceptional
¦: tUm^S Two-Piece Outing Suits $6.00
WW$ $Smi Two-piece outing suits in blue serge, light homespun,- crash and
fMm felSl flannel; coats— norf oik or single breasted; pants— peg top, turned up
| ;]'g| Spll' bottoms; prices $6.00, $7.50, $10.00, $12.50 and $15.00.
|i.M J|||| Separate outing pants in woolen materials from $2.25 to $4.00.
llIlL, Mail orders mi- -^ f "U"" JTf v^>^ In ordering by
KM cd f° r w °f "ft -WJ-l/l/l IB III Jf m§\ moil z' we meas -
'*&-.- *^^ ihcsc Sonnents. \^/ / II U V IJ Q) i U urcments of
jgjf . Please address 1 W_ ¦?-•_ ',, , '_'- n^ :"%JS^--; chest, : [waist 'and
Dept. L. 740 Market Street- length.
:: ; "vv AgvERTra'g'MTTfrra.
¦ We Trust the People! I
J The Following Three Specials f
I for This Week: I
S 175 Top Mattresses, wool top. K
B 5 inches thick, reg- <*» a «n jjf
B ular $3.75. Only... JI # /j. M
3 Folding Cewing and Card Ta- f|
S bles, with the yard measure on *
S top. .Size. 18x3 6 inches. Made 15
9 of maple. No housewife should jk
a be. without one of these tables. m
¦ Can not be bought for less i
8 than $2.50. While .-a* f <t /\ M
m they last •pl*lU S
B We have Just received an- 9
2 other shipment of drummers' a
M samples Lace Curtains, in J
3 legths of 2 yards and. over. 9
S On sale Saturday 'OC« M
¦ night between 1 £DO M
I Eastern Outfitting Co., ]
B 1320-1328 Stockton St. j3
fij .We Furnish Houses Complet*. i %
I . All Cars Lead to Our Stor». 1
• Country Orders Solicited. g
There is no pepper in
Schilling's Best ginger ; there's
nothing^, wrong in ; Schilling's
,'¦¦'".—- " '
'¦¦».- — ¦-. . ¦* . *Rockes was a hired man on Schroed
er's farm and after Schroeder's death
he married the widow and 'obtained
Schroeder's property. It was shown
ROCK RAPIDS. Iowa, April 23.—
On the witness stand in the trial of
Charles Rockes for murder, the woman
he called his wife to-day told how the
mart, disturbed in his sleep by recollec
tions of the crime, enacted before her
the manner of his slaying her former
husband. August Schroeder, near
Doon, Iowa, June SO, 1300."
Sehroeder's Widow Describes
How Rockes, WhileDream
in<r. Exposed His Crime
WOMAN TELLS
STRANGE TALE
that he has a wife living in Minnesota,
from whom he has not been divorced,
thus invalidating his marriage to Mrs.
Schroeder, and in this way allowing
her to testify against him.
"One day last September he frac
tured the skull of my boy by throwing
a wrench at him," Mrs. Schroeder tes
tified. "That night he came in at 2
o'clock. He slept uneasily. Suddenly
he sat up and struck me in the face.
His eyes were Bhut tight. Then ¦ he
leaned close to my face and said in a
hoarse whisper, -'August, you >-,
now I've got you!' I was terribly
frightened and got out of bed and
waited till he awoke. Then I ask«d
him why he said that. He told me. he
had killed my husband, who I had al
ways believed committed suicide. • •
"He told me that when they went to
Doon on June 29, 1900, he bought
some chloroform and put It j and
morphine in whisky. When they" got
horne August was taken sick and then
Rockes strangled him and hung his
body in the barn, where I found it
"When he told me this he put a re
volver to . my head and told me If I
ever told he would surely .Kill me, as
he did August."
Hearst Files Complaint.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— William
R. Hearst of New York to-day filed
with Attorney General Knox a com
plaint alleging that a combination of
the Philadelphia and Reading Rail
road and the. Central Railway of New
Jersey, under a common management,
has stifled competition, and "petition-
Ing the Department of Justice to pro
ceed against' them under' the' Sher
man anti-trust laur.'
- DES;MOINES,:-Iowa, April 23.—
Charles iW.1 Graves, {furniture dealer,
charged^wlth \ murdering his wife and
hurning^the : body, was \ found ' guilty
toj-day, the jury recommending life
imprisonment.*: ?¦ Graves : is ¦ said : . to '. have
choked ;: his i wife to death: in a* fit of
rage J and -; then -to J have ; saturated . the
*%n.l*r wUhirgrnaanii' outtino It nn lira.
Jury Finds Charles W. Graves Guilty
of the Crime Charged
Against Him. , .
WIFE MURDERER GOES
TO : JAlIi FOR REST OF LIFE
OMAHA, Neb., April 23. — The body
of a man found dead Friday was iden
tified to-day. as that of Major James
W. Davis, aged 74, a Government meat
inspector ' and brother-in-law of the
late George Francis Train. The man
evidently had taken his own life by
swallowing strychnine.-
MAJOR DAVIS IS NAME
OF THE OMAHA SUICIDE
PUEBLO, Colo., April 23. — Mayor
B. B. Brown was. indicted, by. \the
Grand Jury this afternoon ",, on. four
counts, three charging false pretenses
and one alleging forgery. All the
charges grow , out of" payrolls in the
city departments. Alderman Thomas
Flynn of the Fifth Ward was arrested
on twenty-three^- Indictments, charging
false pretenses : in the same connec
tion.- " . ;-.:";'.''- ; -" ;;; /¦-•'¦ . ;^ '
Grand Jury Charges Him With For
gery In Connection With City's
• Payrolls.
3IAYOR • BROWN . . OF PUEBLO
' IS UNDER IXPICTMENT
WASHINGTON, April 23.— A com
plaint was filed before Chief of Bureau
of Immigration Sargent a few days
ago against Masons Blackburn, watch
man in charge of the immigrant sta
tion in San Francisco and by Sargent
referred to Secretary Cortelyou. It
contains allegations to the effect that
Blackburn is arrogant and high
handed in his methods and had been
guilty of drunkenness on duty," to
gether with other . irregularities:
Blackburn's answers to and denials pf
the charges accompanied > the com
plaint. After an examination of the
papers Secretary Cortelyou dismissed
the charges.
of Commerce and Labor.
Charges Against Watchman Blackburn
Dismissed by Head of Department ¦,
SAX FRAXCISCAX CLEARED
BY SECRETARY CORTELYOU
WASHINGTON,- April 23. — The
President to-day, sent to the Senate
the following nominations:
Military secretary, with the rank of
major,, general — Brigadier * General
Fred C.Ainsworth, chief of the Rec
ord and Pension Office of the War
Department. •• Assistant Adjutant Gen
eral, with •rank of brigadier general —
William P." Hall/assistant adjutant
general. Members of the Executive
Council of Porto Rico — Jose C. Bar
boza, Andres Crossas and Herminio
Diaz Nazario of Porto - Rico. Post
masters—Arthur J. Chittenden, at
Corning, Cal.
Nominates Brigadier General 'Ains
worth as Chief of^ Record and
Pension Oflicc.
ROOSEVEI/T NAMES MEN
FOR I3IPORTANT TLACES
An amendment which was accepted
was that excluding Chinese and othsr
aliens coming in as a result of agree
ments^between other countries and
steamship companies, having special
reference to a contract between the
Cunurd line and the Government of
Hungary to supply annually 30,000 im
migrants to the steamship company. .
When the Senate convened* Platt of
New Yprk presented a protest. from
the Chamber of Commerce 1 of: Now
York against the Chinese exclusion
amendment to the : general deficiency
bill, declaring that in view of the' efforts
that are being ma4e -to cultivate and
increase trade relations with the Chi-'
nese empire "further restrictive meas
ures would, in our opinion, be suicidal,
and we believe would entirely subvert
these efforts." /"'
WASHINGTON, April 23.— The gen
eral deficiency appropriation bill was
passed by the Senate to-day, leaving
but one of the appropriation bills un
acted upon by that body. A large num
ber of amendments were ' adopted,
among them one limiting the Chinese
exclusion legislation to a reaffirmation
of the exclusion law of 1302 and other
existing exclusion laws.
Senate Limits Exclusion
Legislation to Iteaflirma
tion of Measure of 1902
OLD LAW GIVES
SATISFACTION
¦ In regard to the continuation of po
lygamous cohabitation Judge Powers
said that some look upon this condi
tion with tolerance and others with
open hostility.
Several Senators engaged in the dis
cussion of the future of polygamy and
Judge Powers said he believed the
practice could not last any more than
could slavery. Continuing he said:
-"But I don't regard polygamy as the
worst feature of the Mormon religion.
What I object to most is its un-Ameri
can domination by the hierarchy of the
people of that belief. The belief in the
right of the church authorities to pre
scribe rules, the belief that the head
of the church is inspired and inter
ference'of the church in political and
commercial affairs."
DIFFEHEXCE IN* VIEWS.
Senator Overman.
"I understand she did."
Senator Dubois— Judge Powers, what
do you regard the chief exhibition of
church domination over political affairs
tha,t.has come to your notice?
"It occurred et the April, 1896, con
ference, when the political rule— that is,
the manifesto against Mormons senter
ing, politics without consent of\ the
J church authorities— was* adopted. This
rule was adopted without a dissenting
; vote, and at the same conference Ho
ses Thatcher, was dropped from the
rolls. as an "apostle and no explanation
of any character was made.".
Senator McComas — How do the
young men in the Mormon Church re
gard the practice of polygamy?
"I think the young Mormon men, and
women, too, are opposed to the prac
tice—strongly opposed— although I con
1 fess that I can not understand the
power the church is able to exert over
them. I believe, however, that if the
church' authorities should attempt to
re-establish polygamy, by revelation or
otherwise, there would be trouble."
When the investigation in the Smoot
case opened to-day, ' Judge. O. W.
Powers was again called to the stand.
He read a petition prepared by sup
porters of Moses Thatcher for Senator,
addressed to the Senate of the United
States, alleging that church influence
had been used in the election, and ask
ing for 'an investigation. Anotner in
stance of church interference had been
shown, he said, in the Mayoralty con
test at Provo, when Reed Smoot fa
vored the candidacy of George Souther
land. The witness said Smoot was
held in disfavor with the church and
charged with going to the Liberal
party.
Senator Overman asked Jf women
were elected to the Legislature in
Utah. The witnessanswered in the af
firmative and said a /woman was chair
man of the Judiciary Committee of the
¦House in the State Legislature which
'elected Smoot Senator.
jj "Did. she. vote for. * Smoot?" asked
CALL, BUREAU, HOTEL, BARTON,
WASHINGTON, April 23.— With only
one more important witness to be
heard hi the case of Senator Reed
Smoot, tentative plans were made to
day by the Committee on Privileges
and Elections to postpone action and
carry the final decision over to the next
session of Congress. A resolution will
be reported to the Senate, and adopted,
providing for a continuation of the
hearing. by a full committee or a sub
committee. .The same authority to
summon witnesses and/ take testimony
now lodged in the committee will be
given in the new resolution, with the
additional provision that the committee
may take testimony wherever it sees
fit. This means that it will go to Salt
Lake, investigate on the spot and make
another attempt to obtain the evidence
of witnesses now said to be in hiding.
Among those most certain to to
Salt Lake the coming summer are Sen
ator Burrows, chairman of the commit
tee, and Senator Dubois of Idaho, lead
ing member of the minority, who is
very deeply interested in the Mormon
question and firm in his opposition to
Smoot, on account of conditions in his
own-State. —
Jddge Powers admitted that Smoot j
had been prominent in working for Re
publicanism before politics in Utah di- ¦
vided on party lines. It was brought !
out that Judge Powers was chairman
of the committee which nominated j
Brigham Roberts and Moses Thatcher, !
both of whom were Mormons. The wit- '
ntss said the nominations were the re
sult of the ability of both, men and i
their courage in standing out against !
the political rule of the church. ; The ,
witness said he had 'not been on ;the
stump for Roberts and defended ', himr
Continuing, " he said to Vancott; "I do :
not think I was any more -culpable
than you .'were, who, I understand,
went on th'e,'stump and supported the
ticket without mentioning Roberts'
name." . '
T,he opposing candidate was Eidridge,
another Mormon, but not a polygamist.
Judge Powers said, however; that the
distinction was- without* a difference,
aa Eidridge connived at, aided and
abetted polygamy. The cross-examina
tion was concluded, .but the witness
was recuested to. remain in the city
'Until Monday, to which time the com
mittee adjourned. .
. POWERS OX STAND.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Jurist Resumes His Testi
mony Concerning the Part
Taken by the Church in
the Field of Politics
POWERS IS AGAIN
OX WITNESS STAND
Investigation' of Charges
Against the Mormon Sena-,
tor From Utah Will. Be
Continued to Next Session
NO DECISION
IN THE CASE
OF SMOOT
THE ,< SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY, APRin 24,' 1901.
24
'¦¦¦¦'¦ *r~ '"¦'' ¦ a •nyBK' rT F' i;!1>riH! ' MTr< *-
i| SHORTENS
'iw There is an air of refinement in the home where '^r^
i I jj , I
ffj there is a good piano, that cannot be found in any I
H| home where there is a poor piano or no piano at all. I
IH It is our great aim and object to deal only in good
Ilj pianos. We feel that we are "Piano Specialists," 11
I for we deal in pianos only, and must sustain our I
reputation on the pianos we sell, and not on any- j
thing else. We are engaged in no other enterprise. |
I v We invite correspondence on the subject, or a
personal visit of inspection to our warerooms, sit- j
uated in the very heart of San Francisco, will please I
1 us better. Our prices are right and our terms are
/|JJ 931-933 Market' St San Francisco. Il
////il Oakland, Sacramento, San Jose, Eureka, Fresno and San \ p
' (111:1 Diee^o " ' 'Illlw
Ilil The Mauvais Music, Co. is now located in our building. | |||
ll/lli For sheet music, books and small musical instruments address | j|
>! . them. . . 1 I
LJJ j - • ¦ I li'tillll
. DR. PIERCE'S REMEDIES.
Dr. * Pierce's Golden
Medical Discovery
; CURES- Weak
Lungs.
93 § oaa:} : mRfm.^
Will be paid by the World's Dispensary
Medical Association,; Proprietors, Buf-
falo, N. Y., if they cannot show the orig-
. inal signature I or the individual volun-
teering , the ' testimonial belc^p, and also
of the writers of every testimonial among
the thousands which they are constantly
publishing, thus proving *their. genuine-
ness. '.;-.-¦/•. ;.',.,. .'-V ¦
.', "When I commenced taking your medicines,
eighteen months ago, my health was completely
broken down," writes Mrs. Cora L. Sunderlana,
of Chaneyvflle, Calvcrt Co,; Md.>.*tAt'timei I
could not even walk across tbe room without
pains in idv chest.' 77te dcttor who attended me
said I had funs trouble, and that I would netrr be
axil again. At last I concluded to try Dr. Fierce'*
medicines. ¦ I bought a bottls of Golden Med-
ical Discovery,' took it, and soon commenced
to feel a little better, then you directed me to
take both the 'Golden 'Medical Discovery' and
the 'Favorite Prescription,' which" I did. Alto-
gether I hava taken eighteen bottles of 'Golden
Medical Discovery,' twelve of the ' Pavorite Pre-;
scription,' and five vials of ' Pellets.' , I am now
almost 'entirely well, and do all my work' with-
out any pain whatever, and can run with more
ease than I could formerly »»'*•" ' ' "
. Dr. r Pierce' s : Pleasant Pellets cleanse
THE FULL RECEIPT, FULL DIRECTIONS and DESCRIPTIVE
BOOK FREE -SJNDJDDRESS TODAY,
New Improved Msihod that Cures AH Nervous Diseases that Eihaas)
the YHal Powers off Men--fiives the Vigor and Inclination
of Mon of 25 ta Men of 65 and Cures Psrmanentiy f
For the benefit of male readers young and old who find themselves weak in vital frrao
tioa, the well known Dr. Knapp Medical Co. of Detroit, Michigan, will send their £an>
moos receipt and fall directions how to cars j£*^\
yourself at home, free of charge. It is not B§9?9ft^
neoessary to \Trile a full letter, as they send it - jiil.'i<.'Hh_ A** ?l *\
{ree as soon as they receive yoar name and icr5ara|ak
address. Wonderful improvements have been ffiBffijflBay *3^S/H^£^^^
made in this famous receipt untUit now posi- nf^fco^ > JKSB^^^
tively gives the lomged-fcr effect in only one i) Megi ffiL^'^t-^*'^
day's use, and cures permanently in hdf the vSflC^ Wn^^fe^&l^S
time required by any other method that we have >firaa|^^^ 3Pj^^-<v^-\jfjr
ever heard of. It is a lasting cure for any form §Pk|Mfl*J^£KG JgffiP^Jofet^i
of wasting drains, vital -weakness, lack of stay maSSSS^^ K|ttJ^^
ing power, bashfulness and timidity, K^gkB^g^ML ctagl»Jy^S«&
prematurity, dissatisfaction, varicocele,
stneturi and all other embarrassing conditions J^^^3w«K
goes direct to the weakened paru, makes the / littS&pc=d&$f VHn^lPt
muscles firm, the nerves steady and has a vit- /jivf^., sKSsSii?
alizing trfect on the glands and niucoas mem-/»fit^WV.^[ f^^vlra &
you do, lose no time in getting it, for the soon- jVmS&Z&f
cr you write the sooner you will be cr»-»d A&Z&iSsgSl
The address is Dr. Knapp Medical Co., 176B
Hall Building, Detroit, Mich. Tho new rr- s^ Hm :—'^*
ceipt with full directions how -o core yourself privately at home and a book that goes
into the subject thoroughly will be mailed you at ooce in a plain sealed package free of
: charge. -,Yo« .will not be asked to deposit any money or to pay for it in any way. Il
•is absolutely free; and as it can cost you nothing yon should send for it wilkoQl
further delay and find ont for yourself thatjt can cw jon, .
nM^^nj^-v-^jvTji^j^rJvij^^ -.TV...
W^^^^^M^^^^. *&Zy%pz&&^** Comfortable
r^Y y -.w^ I TAIIDICT PADC
IJY y& } lUUKIol OAKo
t V SOUTHERN-UNION PACIFIC
DATES OF SALE: May II, 12, 13; June 15, 23, 24
S. F. Booth, General Agent, U. P, R* R. - X Montgomery Street
V Or any Southern Pacific Agent
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
High grade chiflfoniers
in great variety
As large an assortment of high grade chif-
foniers now on'our fourth floor as can be found
in any retail furniture store in the United
States. Exquisite creations in rich mahog-
any, birdseye maple, mahoganized birch, na-
tural birch and golden oak. The chiffonier
pictured above is shown in mahoganized birch
and birdseye maple. Height, 74 inches; width,
32 inches. Price, $35.00.
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary Street, at Union Square
. _ ..-V . ADVEBTTSP,llirF,NTS. .; ; • -
I Curtains i^|I-|f]^!g% yd. Jp^f ? : f ;^§pi Sra y rflas 1
I To becloud ¦Ji!f^[?|SfSJi!r!:|t^ -^^1-H"f^^ii^i Over 100 pat- i
1| This week we have become record-breakers in prices. You have never before seen a §1
HI reversible Brussels carpet advertised on this coast, sewed, laid and lined for 45c. You have m
never seen lace curtains of the kind we are offering as low as the price we now quote. Re- M
H member we have been here for twenty years, and we backup every price with quality and p|
II tone. goods are not merely "made to sell." Come and see them. Be sure to take p
advantage of this chance*. ' M
i $7.50 LACE CURTAINS— Swell effect?, REVERSIBLE BRUSSELS— Hall and Stair H
gone and two pair lots.... ......$4.25 Carpet, in two-tone effects. This B
I $10 to $14 LACE CURTAINS, per pr. $7.75 , wee , k ' while it ; 1^' Sewed ' laid and AXr M
m - r: . ¦;?,¦•¦»-- lined D^r vard ... ....... ¦ c^^*. - tjm
m $3.50 TWO-TONE PORTIERES, pr. $1.75 tapestdy Brussels— a strong, durable hand- M
M $7.50 TAPESTRY PORTIERES, pr. $5.25 some 'y Patterned Carpet, for any room. _ |j
fl 'cii *- cic i,nTH nopcncji onDnFnc nflf Sewed, lined and laid JKJy kj
M $12 to $15 WITn DRESDEN B0KDE1&, per high-orade Brussels- Almost every effect in a hi 2 h- m
fl pail' . . . . . . ... . . . . . ........... . $9.75 erade line, and an endless varisty of patterns, qa |a
Hi 'mm mm fv**siu /imrrnfi i • i it« ¦* tm s\ Sfwed, lined and laid ••¦ • • "vC 5a
ffl $3.00 COUCH COVERS, thlS Week $1.50 VELVET CARPETS-Rich. lustrous Velvets, and lower g]
I $7.00 COUCH COVERS, this week $4.65 . onVourfloor Ivet has evsr bccn offcrcd bcfoi ;%95c I
I $10 COUCH COVERS, this week ,. $7.25 Ll^^ u : A^ n^^^ d : J 0 M^ gI r ing 35c |
i "THE CREDIT HOUSE" 233-235-237 POST ST, 1Tewing ladles should dress well. If you have
a ¦ good position ' BARON, - the ¦ ladles' " tailor of
702 Market stre»t,-. will clothe you stylishly at
reasonable figures on weekly ; payments. -- . ; •
the machinery, ; which made the craft
a victim of the shifting currents.
"The apparatus is not . all I wish
for InJ the way,, of /equipment, but; I
am satisfied that • even jwlth ; the ; pres
ent craft I can sail; in the air wherever
I choose to go and descend at pleas
ure'MHHHlHBH
"The motor we had was to have
been directed by a man trained , to
Its use. At the last minute he was
displeased by an employe of the com-'
pany, who claimed the right to make
the ascension under a contract, he has
as aeronaut for the f organization. ' He
may have been capable of handling the
steering : apparatus ; with, which T have
equipped the machine,: but the motor
evidently .^bothered! him.
'; "When he reached a certain altitude
he found a; lower temperature and
pressure than is present on ¦ the earth.
Students of aerial "navigation could
have found a : remedy • tor" such . con
ditions, ¦ but an > untrained \ man ¦ facing
a". fall of lOOO.feetia i likely to lose his
head. As a' result;' the : cold.alr " and;
the ; pressure, generated by -the\motor
caused -what Is called a /freeze' "in
Dr.* Greth was "reticent when asked
his opinion of the result of yester
day's test.
'.. "In- a large way," ; lie/ said,*. "I was
pleased and confirmed in my , belief
that' my scheme of^navigating the air
is practicable. Even the present ma
chine. In unpracticed hands and with
more weight than It should [ have car-'
rled, proved dirigible, which is the
main problem to be solved. in aerial
navigation " •¦' ttt'iFiVrfflf
the event to take place. General ex
pressions of delight at the success of
the undertaking jf were heard on all
sides. Among men of affairs and at the
clubs it was the leading subject; of con
versation. Should the weather be fine
during the coming week the ship will
make another ascent.
.DR. GRETITS OPINION.
is Dr. Greth; vice president, J. McMur
do, and H. Shannon is the secretary.
The ship is 105 feet in length and twen
ty-five feet In diameter. The gross
weight of materials of which she is
made is 2200 pounds. It takes 40,000
cubic feet of gas to inflate her, and her
lifting power is somewhere in the vi
cinity of 2500 pounds. She Is equipped
with a De Dion Douton motor, import
ed from France, which works the twin
screws that are underneath the balloon
just in the middle. Her engine is of
twenty horsepower. Her propellers In
the present instance are made of alu
minum, whereas In the previous ship
they were made of sheet Iron.
The greatest interest was. manifested
on air sides in the success of the new
invention, and from- windows and
housetops all over the city people at
early morning commenced to watch for
"I confess I was not familiar with
"the motor, and was unable to start It
rroing again. This is the reason why
] rould not further continue on the
trip I had anticipated."
The airship was built by the Ameri
can Aerial Navigation Company, and,
as It stands to-day, has cost about $12,
000. The president of the corporation
NOT FA.MIJilAR WITH MOTOR.
Captain Baldwin said, while he was
standing by the ship on the marshy
flats where he landed: "Yes; the ship
is undoubtedly a success. As you could
see from below I was able to manage
her movements, and I gave you an
illustration of what ehe could do. As
toon as I started south, and just after
the had responded to her rudder and
was in every way acting in first-class
the engine suddenly stopped.
"The engine has stopped working.
Captain Baldwin does not understand
the manipulataion of the motor ma
chine, and docs not know how to keep
the mixture proper. He will not ¦ be
able to start it again, because he does
not know how to do it. I am sure that
this is the cause of it. The engine is
all right, and if I had gone up with
it I am positive it still would be work
ing. I am perfectly familiar with all
the details of this machine, ana know
it is in first-class shape. I am terribly
disappointed that Captain Baldwin
forced me to get out of the ship JuBt
Rt the Instant that she was about to
*scend. I have never been up ln a bal
loon, but I know that my engine was
In such absolutely perfect thape that
had I been in charge of it the results
would have been successful. At any
rate, the ship shows she will be a suc
cess."
Dr. Greth was naturally laboring un
der a i great strain of excite
ment, and when the machinery
of the ehlp suddenly stopped he
was the picture of absolute de
spair. The other stockholders were
naturally pleased with the splendid
beginning and triumph that the ship
•ichieved at the outset of the Journey,
end expressed themselves as pleased
with what she had done up to the time
of the accident-
The engines were still working with
rreat vigor, but when they suddenly
teased a gloom settled over the inter
ested watchers below. Engineer
Belcher at once shouted out:
In the inclosure from which the
ship started on her aerial flight the
« rowd of spectators, composed of the
inventor of the machine, several of the
Ftockholders and the mechanics and
others that were interested in her con
struction, watched her leave the, place
of her berth. Expectancy was depicted
on every face as 6he quietly and gently
soared upward. Silence reigned. The
face of Dr. August Greth was a study,
rnd, as he saw that her machinery had
her well under control, his features
brightened and he felt rewarded for
the arduous and steadfast fifteen years*
vork he has devoted to his invention.
The young engineer, F. W. Belcher,
who had the placing of the motor in
the airship, -was also tremendously in
terested. When the ship commenced
to slowly circle in the air, showing to
the spectators who were patiently
watching her that she was under per
fect control of the navigator, a great
burst of applause went up from them.
ENGINEER BELCHER EXCITED.
The working part of the machinery
was entirely undamaged. When En
gineer Belcher learned about where
tlie shij> would land he rushed to the
scene as fast as possible. He examined
the motor and found it in perfect
shape and condition and at once ran
it at full speed as It lay upon the
ground. The ligrht, aluminum frame
of the craft was twisted at both ends
by the landing. The damage was
fcma.ll and a couple of days' work will
have the ship in running order again.
MACHINERY UNDAMAGED.
As it was, when Baldwin found ha
could not start the engine, he simply
let the shSp drift over toward South
San Francisco, letting the gas slowly
escape until he came to a soft, grassy,
half marshy spot near the San Bruno
load, midway between Bennett's tan
nery and the Contagious Diseases
Hospital. Here a big crowd of boys
and children had collected. They
grabbed hold of the long ropes that
were hanging from the ship and made
them fast to some piling. The ship
then quietly settled down upon the
turf. The balloon portion of the ship
was then partly detached and the gas
allowed to escape, and inside of ten
minutes after landing the shining yel
low t?ilk with its net covering was
rolled up into a small parcel ready to
be returned to town.
the many trips to follow. He then gave
the command to let go the ropes, and in
the juidst of the waving of hats and !
Sreat dieerlng iheshlp slowly ascended i
Jnto the heavens like an enormous bird. J
•JupI at the moment she started on her j
right a beautiful American flag was j
• unfurled from her stem, which floated ;
fccacefully out on the eoft summer i
inornlr.g air. ""here was scarcely a j
treat h of a breeze, and when the
f^ip had mounted several hundred
feet Captain Baldwin gave an exhibi- I
tlon of what he could do with her.
DI2SCI11BKS CIRCLiES IX A III.
• He turned her completely around, de
scribing circles at his will, while the
•hlnlng propellers fluttered In the
bright sunshine, making, at the same
time, a loud, whirring sound, equal to
the commotion created by at least a
dozen automobiles when ln full action.
"Then he started out on a southerly
course, and turning over her large can
vas rudder to port, she obeyed the heixa
• and at once turned her course toward
¦ihc Pacific Ocean. During this time
she had been rising very fast and grad
ually running into coldor currerfts.
Suddenly the machinery stopped. This
ws« caused by the inability to keep the
mixture of air and gasoline at the right
proportion. Had Baldwin been familiar
with the running of the motor, or had
Kelcher been on board, the results
would unquestionably have been of an
entirely different nature, and the ship
would probably have been steered back
to her place of starting.
.Continued FVom Pa«e 21, Column 3. |
DMGIBLE '
MLLOON IS
:¦ A SUCCESS
Oakland Insolvents.
¦"¦ Herman. Muhr and Feodor Muhr,
coparthers: in" Oakland, filed a petition
in ' insolvencar yesterday in the - Unite d
A petition on behalf* of. the Free
Gold Mining Company was filed •; at
the Supreme; Court "Yesterday request
ing that Superior^ Judge E.S. Tor
rence of j San Diego County be re
strained from proceeding further .with
the suit brought ,by the corporation
against W. McDougall, J. :Sloss, K W.
Blinn, J. M. Johnson, A." Haas and C.
Seligman. It is desired that several
orders made by Judge Torrence be re
viewed; by", the Supreme Court before
a, final judgment is rendered. Prop
erty-worth more .than; a millionTdol
lars is involved An theTc"oritest>V
Ask - for Restraining Order.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL" 24, 1904.
States District Court. They owe $30,
889 and have no assets. Their prin
cipal creditors are Albert : Kayser,
$5000;BoItz, Clymer & Co., $3436; H.
Levi & Co.. $2278; N. Van Bergen &
Co., $7181; California Wine Associa
tion, $1316; M. J. Brandenstein &
Co.,- $2065; Wleland Bros.. $1652;
Tillman & Bendel, $2392; A. Zeller
bach & Sons. S1256.
GREAT 3_\Y. DAY XU3IBER.
THE CORPORAL'S
SECRET SERVICE GANG. V
One ', of ? the Best War - Stories
Ever Written by Albert
. - Sonnichsen.
NEXT SUNDAY CALI*.
HELP — THE RELIABLE
: ---KIND.-.,
To Be Had for the Asking.-,
no " delays tor Annoyance
If you "answer our EMPLOY-
MENT WANTED V ADS^ ;
THE ELMPOBrr/M. | < THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM. y | THE 'EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
_ — » . ; ___________ — , — _— — . ¦ _____ — _ — , _________: — _ — . — — — — ¦ — .._ .. — ...... . , , , ! ...... . -.- ! . ; ~
* * " * ' . . . - , ..... ,* . .. ... ¦_ — ¦__ : ¦ . . t
I ' tSOO Yards Laces California's Best Store News Persian Ribbons for
I On Sale at 6c Yd. &ff**s»f/w TnSdl inn Huwfod _?_____/__#*« Trimming Waists, Etc,
I Th , . ' * . pV ¦ p . . OrSUUy aOlU MOr nUmUU fftGaU&rS Plenty of the novelty ribbon bands for trim-
fc . me aainty, wasnaDle rointderans Laces J nV estigation~of price and 'quality \ proves in every 'instance that it pays to buy here, ming waists, kimonas etc. now on sale- The
5£ and Insertions that are used for trimming all sorts ' -res** O____—_T« W_—_^ _!^««^_^~ _#!__»_-_ ~" variety of colors and 'combinations is astonishing;
j> : of muslinwear, wash materials, sleeves, etc., in . /&G VCariS aMS &tgUareS WC There are delicate browns and tans, pinks, blues,
* rose patterns, bow knots and all the other new Right now it the spring home renovating time, when they ; r arc; most wanted, we are enabled by a lucky chance navy, red, green, lavender, etc., etc. — some with
«» designs—laces from 3 to 6 inches in width and to offer these bureau scarfs, table coven^nd^center pieces at _ littli more than half. tracing of gold.
ll» worth up to 20c per yard — Monday and g£#% The 5°-inc_ scarfs are made of fine i.dnMomie linen, hemstitched and drawn work, stamped ready for nse; the 30- Th_e ribbon* come in widths froin w - «neh:j ., o«C
K Tuesday Onlv 9^G inch fquarcs are of lame material, also stamped, eomc fringed; instead of 75c each — Monday .... . . 46o and «re very moderately priced at, yard . ... 4ff lOy OC'
| $1.00 Voiles 55c 10o Ginghams 7c 70c Sheets 54c Curtain Ends 25c •
_ Safe Mondav and Tuesday Other Wash Goods Specials Special Cases, Spreads, Etc. Sale Manufacturer's Samples
£ * -j • Monday, 'and Tuesday also it quantity wits, 5260 yards Bed Sheets — Made "ot Jinen finish, heavy weight, soft y Manufacturer's samples of lace Curtains and fur-
£ The most popu'ar cress fabric of the day. The identi- o f this season's full standard dress ginghams, in fancy sheeting, fully. bleached. niture coverings at half or less than half; also por-
*,° cal quality and weave that thousands of women have paid styles,, medium dark and light effects and staple b'ue 70c size, 81x90 inches, Monday . . . S4o tieres, COUCh covers; also table covers at greatly
i£ the regular price for and were pleased to 'secure. and white checks, will be on special sale at less "J-_^ 5°c size, 74x90 inches, Monday . . . 44o reduced, prices, beginning Monday and during wegk
i The lot we put on special sale until closing time Tues- than manufacturer's present cost, yard .... M.O 45c size, 50x90 inches, Monday . . . 3QC while quantity lasts.
% day night, if the cu.ntit'v lasts, is the outcome of an im- White Goods Sale— (Alao Monday and Tuesday) 50 Pillow CnSCS-Good ones 45x36 inches . . . Wo LaCO Curtain SampfeS-\n a great variety
J ,. , . ' u . , ( in, ¦¦¦¦•¦¦ peccs ot one of the best grades white India Linon that Pillow Cases— Hemstitched, 45x36 inches. . . J_f^O of designs, white, ecru and Arabian colors; Not-
g porter s house-c.eamng. He had no we lor small lots so ,_ fincncs$ . and ujc , .*- Marseilles Bed Spreads- Fine, white spreads, in hand- tingham lace and Cable Nettings, in lengths from
* our buyer secured th:s thousand yards or more at about f u lncs$; instead of 20c a yard . . .... . . . . . M°rG tome design., lupenor quahly, w«ead of $1. 75 each, gj qm. ; two to three and half yards —
£ ha:f regular price. 3C-inch J.panese Crepe-Fancy «-„.. yard . . .... f So '^^^^^'m^^ iT^ll^J^^fi^l !!„
a! The Vii>s arc aH-woo\ 46 inchei wide, and in tb; following colors. Organdies Ray«J- Dainty French production in Dresden effects, yard ,pread», special Monday only . . . SWo e— JL"_U_- ~* T > M ij«4_ n . * \' ' ' ' "TrT-, U
h n=vT, marine „-,-, tob-i, seal brown, slate, guy, drab, — •"'••• • 45o White Blankets- Almost .11-wool, 7 . incht. wide, 5 pound, weight. Samples Of TapOSt f/— Armure and Damask
f. tan,' cade: V.u-., gr^.i .nd b.'ack; an eitraorainary i^i^© 30-inch White Uwn-AIrnost as sheer as organdy Uo pair. . . . '. .....'.. . . .$3.25 for furniture Covering; average lengths, U- yards;
%' value at tht «*)c price; yard "a- --- 40-inch Colored Lawns -All the solid co!ors, yard . . . . . tSo White BlanKets— For summer nse, full ike (66 inches _ ; for this Sale —
H c-,, _,- ,c : ir _ j u c- ¦ u -it • w Champagne Waistings— Extremey rtybsh, good qu.lity, yard . 35o wide), weU made, useful for many purposes, pair .. *£ffm^gi2 Worth <r -r «r -• «* -r «, r « <• ro nch
3£ Silk and Uoo! Samite — Very fine and sheer faor.e; the sdk is thrown -^^__________ -—_——_-_-_-_-_,__-_-_-_- -_ . _ _.. worm »i-*S 5 x -75 **-75 ?4-S° 55-5° cacn
*•* out in "Vwbie" effrct, about pir.htai s'rie, making a very effective m ir%O%tf% _*_" F" x%-i •_- mm" _t *"¦" _ O _T _• "~~~~ -— — * ¦
£ and plr-ing weave. AU of the P.risaa or sj-ndicats ' f — — iOuSJ O2e/*i#fl|y SliVCr YOgS n&t ftttS at OC BLSCti Special.. 50c 75c 1.25 a.oo 2.50 each
J. shades that are so popular, 44 inches wide; yard . . . &1.OU These are extra heavy ; long pins, with^sterling silver tops, in artistic designs, female heads, fctc v Table Covers—Two yards square, frineed all round,
*£ Novelty Ctamir.w— strict^ new, stylish and popularly prxed. au You will pronounce them the biggest little bargain you ever saw at the sale price to-morrow. self color, in green, also red; worth $2-50; sale
I _&^.r«b-1^^ 1E13 ZZTtflZ Big Offering of _• . . . Jardf _ {cres , witb Big Offering of P"ce $1.75
j: rh,n, )5 yard . . . . . . ? .*.../..,.. $1.25 25c JeWCl'ry tf||l> . St^ d 8 c P ?t; 50C JCWeiry, EtC. Couch Covers-Tapestry, 50 and 56 inches wide,
£ French Fancy W.Ies-The swell fabric of Pans and Neiv York. On the counters in j=welry department to- )$%ffiL a dainty little nov- SS A large assortment of je.eiry and some Oriental designs; also reversible, With plain green
h Our import'order ot thest exclusire novelties in line lace effect, with moirow, you will find a big assortment of Jc®$U ' f J tnn Ur3S «' lv « r tabIe w » re » on countcrt ln J ewelr r and red Colors—
Jk' knob thresd, forming an invisible check about -# inches wide and sterling silrerand hc.vUy gold-plated arrdes: <Z=gg£-^> elt r IOr 9lmUU V§SW department to - morrowj such articles $a. 50 Couch Corers for .$1.93 *
H other Uce or open-work eff--ct, ill 46-inch fiooda, are ,-,_-.« Hat Pin« Brooch Pins 1?^»T§£\ Colo_ne Bottles. Sterl- ' ?|7 "' S3. 50 Couch Covers for S2m5O
j: now ready; yard $1.5O 1 sS'ofstuds V^fi-ly '4 silver, M . M w " $ fseu ISo Tbjf " "' 1^ PortlcrcsT Rep. and Armure weaves, fringed
$ WofrO 5*/r-/»g-The jse, 31-mch, Wack mo!«, mercerited L inl sTeeve Bnttoas Chatelaine Tablets • J»«JC( 8 recn Or cr y stal M CufFPinV Berry FoTs ' both ends, green, red and tan. Colors, in Oriental
j, 3 moreens, rich ius:er hnish, the popular long-wearing ma- *£*£#* Scarf PinJI ;.'. Stick Pins, etc. V<*£^> glass. ,$1 m QO LA Brooch Pins Paper Cutters patterns
jtf terial for skirts and petticoats, Monday and Tuesday, yard __•__•»». J n «n almost limitless raricty of designs, all „ C T Ti > m • _J__SL Sleeve Buttons Nail Files, etc. and f 4. 50 Portieres, now, pair $2.05
_i Sarmcn Lining Silk - Guirantetd not to cut or irretch, taftcta marked at die one low price, *% fflT^* Vases Sterling Uepostt Sljrer vase. fgM^^ All marked at the one low EZgb-^ 5.00 and 5.50 Portieres, now, pair 3.95
X finish, 19 inches wide, all colors, yard S8C each.. mm%9%5 ln crystal or red glass. $2*75 "*="=-=-- price, each. . f . .. . . VVV 6.00 and S.00 Porr'eres, now, pair. . . .. 4.9?
K I ' ¦¦¦-¦¦.¦-¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦. - . I • ¦ .
I Beautiful Summer Costumes Gifts' Suits, Coats, Hats Extraordinary Values in
t and" Shirt Waist Dresses And Separate Skirts Men's Hand Tailored Suits
x isP^K. Practical and inexpensive gowns in great c ,. , , , , r . . V- •
i JTj£\> variety for every occasion. If you are contem- Everythmg that . needed for the spring outfit. , Men's Svfts $10.00 - Not to be confounded with the j^g.
_T <^l=j(^^\»: plating the purchase of a summer gown for any No time is to bs lost if the girl'a spring wardrobe s*5ep£&f "Ten Dollar" Snits you will find anywhere. The &*££?&
* 1^, £ use whatever do not fail to see our present ex- is still unprovided, and it's not a bit too early ii^^i making and fit and general appearance put these suits 'fa
i tensive display. to prepare tor summer and - vacation time. l^S^Z in the <l 2. 5c and $ 1 3.50 class in the best stores we St^L
_ : W \ Our Showing Of Cleverly designed, reasonably Bring your girls from 6 to 16 vears and let us fit IJ4^\ know of. This lot at $\ 0.00 includes the newest
I fit meed models immediately appeals to good judg- ¦ collection, of wearing . /|^Tok style sack suits, in tweedt, ca.simere, and cheviots- if f
_ i£aIuI _4^ ment and taste. We are recognized headquar- .„- • u »,• . r. ii___L \?_f I , ' in a dozen of the very latejt piaids stripes and mix- / f / \
* ters for everything in women's apparel. Where a PP -l and millinery ,n the Misses' Department, TS^TK > Z?J,£Vl^ cZl^Z / i U A X
* aSlnJvi in California can you duplicate these great "cond floor v '\,' -. W\ 1 Y cheviot, and at the same price two-piece ovtin* svits /_§ f V fflfc4
t U C«' 'f/^L values' Misses Ser« Jackets — Httid back, loos: front, turnorer col- \\\ \ fo 0\ . . ' \ i-« pi^c wwuuj JW " / -« ¦» ¦!; 7_-J
* rl A. Ch' mo r«wn< All cilb lin^ pnfirfltrrt U lar, military cape effect over shoulders, bifhop sleeves, trimmed ¦i_\A-'| \ in several handsome Styles, that are folly worth L-ffl , \W ~* j
* \^AX\\ Cr «P c Chrac Gowk— All silk hneid, entire yoke w .; h wh J brald . and me _f bu J eol ; %3^% \\ choice of any for ...... . $10.00 W I #i,/
_¦* rr^CN\ hand made, real value *45.00, our price . - Kd or brown , ire -, 6 to 14year ,.. . . . . M$frpF~~i X - < \ — . _-_ • __r _. - X|A' MW ¦
t • Wv W . .$38.50 $5.OO 0JfT\X \ Boys' Good Clothing j/A >W
J* Kf \\ Handsome Costume ol Imported Veiling— Taffeta lined Misses' Fancy Mixture Jacket— Sailor style, Urge collar, %JM',i:\' I \ Mitch Under - Priced r \ tPTUTI
j; i\ jV Waist and full drop Skirt, artistically trimmed trimmed with. Uk band, and fancy button,; ««s^ flfl _ . 4 . Hffc ' lll .\*c,ou-C M «ii 1 l.ium \ ''f\
K i ' \ ,1, r^n- / .^1^r^^ u,. o n \a r\ -ff 1 8 to 14. years; a dressy, dashing lmie coat ror . 5>#«i#i# gsH^ Suitsforall the Boys at 3>2.9;> — Some of them \\ » |i\
*• '// Ji \ with selt-colored lace and chiffon; an exclu- ¦ >, Sw *= nn -.^ **.nn ah --_ k--^-;-.^ f- l\\
5 Hi \\ X ¦ si ve model and we have marked Many other jackets in distinctive styles, a variety WW $5.00 and $6.00 kinds. All are bargains. j| /\\
j: /// I' I \ Sive moaei, ana we nave marjea ofmaUrials and careful workmanship characterizing W fi .This is a round-up of all broken lines and odd sans, |,l- * \\
_; ///¦' I; \> \ \ s ll on| y fbOUrmiJlU them all, ai 'prices ranging from $7.50 to $12.50. M^ cl_V in sizes 3 to 6 years, that have been selling at $5.00 M j \
J! M h il (J \ Shfrt Waist Dresses— In a pleasing as- Misses' Two Piece Suits -In fancy mixtures, Eton; style, and $6.00; for boys 8 to 14 year* there are three-piece ||\ ! j I V'
_>* Mi I . ji % ' v sortmentof the novelty shirt waist pleated skirt, jacket trimmed with fancy braid ajid silk bands, ?* suits; for boys 7 to 15 years two-piece double- ||i\ I) \
_ Ml ,1 M If \ \ suit Silks.. $12.5OtO$32.5O brown or navy, sizes for 1a, Q gggm Misses' Separate Dress Skirts— In solid leol- breasted , uit8 . anc l f or boys 6 to 1 2 years the new II I t fl 1
I Wt ! li If \^ VoHc Street Suits-All silk lined; real «4«-.6 year, . . S9.5U ' Norfolk suits, in gray, and browr^ plaid. You wiU \M \\ $ ' \
_ I \ Never were you offered more colo'r broadc^th and gilt buttons; .i.e. », ?S^^25^S^J£ the best for hi, money. .... W
X •^^L&sA /or your money. The voile suit «? and l6 eari $13.50 | )raid , on the e » trimmcd , with , « rea ™ er « n--.. Ncw Blovscs— Even a better lot-than last Monday's that went so quickly.
H Monday • • • r ...... $3.0O line «rpes, trimmed with wide bands and, bons, tor .- better. Sailor collar and Russian styles, in sizes 3 to 8 and neg,ig=e in
£ tih no *tu-». R-.ri/ Jv ,,,i- fn,' ,^".r^,,If '.„'.-„ '.i-;',,' n*% gilt buttons; another style in fancy mixed Large Sailors— Of mixed fine straw, in blue, narrow turnover collars, for boys up to 14 years. Also some _*_r_^
* Taffeta Dr°p Skirts-B.ack only, ready for adjonment .o any skirt effect, color! navy .nd brown, brown or red with bow .nd laundered Star waist, that were 95 C; all at the one price .... SUC
%\ Untn Waists— Hand embroidered and drawn work, 56.50 and $7.50 »alu-f . . . S4^ m S5 *' lz " for ' *' 14 ind l6 yrt " ** »•_?•*' itreamers of ribbon, fcr . . 49-Er«_P«#
I $2 Axminsfers$1.65 Good! Furniture Never Lower Priced! For Outdoor Sports
I ThchoJffte^ effcu THbh Now—20% Discount oil Everything . Ss * le Tt y** i J r J ies i r4
J and artistic Oriental designs-carpets uhich many exclusive carpet and , f &£imLat to buy, buy it this week, e«n if jo. hate to store It for a time until your new house jot flat Is ready. For -or, can HSLBMnOCHSj EtCm, EtCm
tf furniture bcuses aU over the country are getting |_.oo a yard for, now uke your choice of any piece of furniture in this store at 20 per cent off our regular low price (always from 10 to ao percent lower | t » s the fishing season; it's the photographing season;
*L offered by the Emporium, sewed, lined and laid, 4B g* [? than exclusive furniture houses ask)N Our furniture is all good furniture, guaranteed furniture, and it is , a privilege to select from such, great it's the tlcyde season; it's the time for all sorts Ot healthful
_ per vard .... .i. i m mx&mJP varieties of good furniture. There are few other placei where you have such a choice, and positively no other place where such qualities can be outdoor sports; SO we Offer Some specia.S for, Monday that
ti obtained for so little money. are particularly apropos.
U Parties building new residences are now selecting the TE-gBStfiigfUi utf . , . . American Superior Trout Flics T ; ed on Snroat Hooks 1 d
* above carpets and are having them held from one to Jwo jpp5pp3|j Her C IS a moderately priced Dl7ling- Room sewed on cards; a large assortment of patterns, in sizes 4
fc; months until house is completed. Buy now ij you are go- llJrVf^^^B Suit in Weathered Oak, figured OH the twenty ¦ to 12; regularly 35c a dozen; on special sale, perdoz.. _?5o
j° ing to need a carpet xtilhin the next six months. itl___^i^p_i jj er rent off baSlS With rOU7ld table (instead of nm^_-___HIBiilr7i"* Special Sale Hammocks — Monday only, full colored cotton ham-
*' «,„ m,,,!.,, n , ,. rmV( KmrA art n If .^P^ja v Ji n ' ' i uSF^^U^r^^v fl mock (nic^ colorings) with concealed spreader and pillow
g New Japan Mattir.i«s-The 95c styles, >.rd . 2Co square), $68.40. Wi'^7&7m& " nd dee P frln 2 eJ valance/extra foot bar that gives It a
* New Japan Mattmss- The ioc Etyef, yard . . .%5c W^ graceful appearance when hungup; worth 51-35; sal-
K In these trro lots of mattings there are more than forty H <W_P 1_^^—^^' ¦ _L ~^.^ _g»— — >«'¦^^^r^i^-i^^_>J^-^i«-iAISSS J r r iC5 OSc
|- patterns and color effects. They are a new importation re- &0%f _^f^l^^^^^P :i Fisl J in S R° d *T Spl!t . bamboo « % or ba-It » IO ani I2 K f - et » nickcl-
* cctvcdthnycarf>omJapan - |^-^^^|rWT \\||\\ Jjjjjjjj^femji —^^ \mMKtv^^^^^^^ I • Z 'S^sT.6o^M% h u7s^'QKQ
->* d n « 9l/ H 11 LtC-^ 1 /™ -._ ' I'-mi'ijTI- -_U-if %9^ik I ' : J J [jf gSfBTf^^""^ .~~J 1 1 M I Allcock's Silk Body Trout Fhes, Ded on rust-proof bronze hooks, dozen
6 Log Cibin M»p!« Syrup— For the two days; gals. $1,10; half l** 1^!^*! I ll # I W^-____SSf I II Rp S (lir^P il ' \ 75C, $1.15, S1m5O pVcoil
*! Mocha and Java Coffee— Either bean or ground, for the two day., ,J J W J " =^ ffl • B I Fishing Basket. . 75o, $1*OO, $1*28, SUGS to S2mSO
** Imported French Castile Soap— Bar . 22o | If Bicycle Horns-r-Nickel plated . SOc, 75, $2.OQ
%' American Oub Whiskey— Straight goods, gal $1*98 '" ¦ . Bicycle .Wrenches . 20O *_d 4Q'o
J Ganymede "76" Whiskey— Fu;i «)".. "«:y worth jx. 50 Qg> Solid Oak Dining-Room Suit, in the popular weathered finish, consisting of nine pieces, as shown. Bicycle Lamps . . .<. . . .$2,OO *** $3*OO
J a botde, Monday and TuesJ.) . . . . . . . .\. . . SfifG O ne square top*Exten.ion Tabx, ?a-inch top, regular $15.00 ralue, less ao per cent ........... . ... . . I12.00 LDJBfgeCirrlWt^V.r. . . . . . . SOO and 75p
*,; Apricot Brandy-After d;nner cord>al, bottle .. .":... . S~C One BufFet, regular }a S .oo, less 20 per cent . ..." . . . . ... . .... . . . . . . ... . . *coo EOeetnc Stroke Bella . .... ... ... . . . . 25o and BOcT
* mported French Cognac- V.eu, tattle - . . . . 65o Four Box Frame Cane Seat Chai... each $2.00, lew so per cent .. ... . ...... . . . .... . 6.40 N.ckel-Plated Toe Cbps, pair .. .7. . . . . 20c, 2Sc,4UO
J. Zinfandel, Burpundy or Extra Wh>te Wmes-Gal . 68C Two Box Frame Cane S:at Arm Chain., each f 4.00, l«s 20 per cent . . A. . . ...... . . .... . . . 6.40 Bicycle Whistle. ...... ....... . . . . . Wo and 15o
ti OrOWtt O/fira#»S-Thc new "fire-center- {Monday and til the One Corner China Cabinet, lattice topped door, regular $28. 50, less 10 per cent . . ... . ... ........ M.80 Bicycle Enamel, can . .... ...... . ... . tOO »nd I5o
K *eelc,iofor 25o . 3 — — Bicycle Cement, tube •.-.. ... . ... . . .. .S . . aO'^tOo
_. SI .25 box of 5O $2.30 box of tOO Regular price of entire nine pieces f 8 5. 50. less 20 per cent .... ... . . . . . . . . . . . . .;. .$67.60 Calcium Carbide, 2-pound -cans . . . . ... . . 35o
tc ______—— --------------------~ i ~~~~~~~~ iii ~~~~-- 1 -------— -----___— ————------^^
J 5Oc Gas Globes 27c //l^ &^ •- 75c PiCtUPGS 42 C J^S^Ss.
* \ If^ilf R* c^»y engraved 4 or 5 inch Size gas jnLsff* tf/Zr±As4LS Jr%S^^MlM Handsome : platinotype pictures, of Herring'* masterpiece, iSfe^S?^*k
v V H^^ ? globes. 4 different shapes, all new de- %^gg / i / 4^ idr^L.tTilh'lidc^cic of 1^""!^ P^^M
& Signs, the kind the plumber aSkS 50c "CALIFORNIaV LARGEST-. i __IIIIW— " 9#-inch. opening, the frame artistically ; ornamentcd/^^^J^^;
&."'—» *____— ______B_____3B^^^^^^^ with hand-laid ornaments, a suitable picture for parlor
£ for. Special AlOnday and Tuesday.. 27O -^Jltii^^mM^^^^AMrm^A'S'GRANDK&T STORE, or sitting-room, regularly 75c, Monday only . 42b
a ¦ — • ' *^^^ • * • • ' • '¦¦--._¦¦¦-¦ _^__^^__^__^^__^__^_^_^^ - __^^^^^__^^^______^^^^^
_ •_—————— ————_———____ _____—————- —————— —_______^_______i —_—^^—^^__MBa___________>— ____—. — ¦ ________> ————————————————————— ————— ———~—— ————— ————— ————— ————— ————— ————— ————— ————— ————— ————— ————— ———— ———____THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 190*.
LINCOLN, Neb., April 22. — The Su
preme Court of Nebraska to-day set
aside a decree of divorce granted at
Omaha to Mrs. Paul J. Schafer, for
merly of Napa, Cal., but now Mrs.
Herbert Beck of Sacramento, and by-
Its ruling decreed that the woman is
still the wife of Schafer, although she
has been living at Sacramento since
October, 1902, as the wife of Beck.
Schafer presented proof that his wife
had secured her decree by unlawfully
testifying before the court at Omaha
that she had established a six months'
residence in Nebraska.
Two days after getting the divorce
she married Beck in Council Bluffs,
Iowa, and accompanied him to Sacra
mento, where she and her two children
have since lived with Beck. Schafer
presented affidavits that he was a man
of good standing in his home town of
Napa, where he is now deputy post
master. He also proved that he had
served as private secretary to Con
gressman Metcalf and had held other
offices for many years.
Last pmmer Schafer found his eld
est daughter, 11 years old, walking
with a woman on the streets of Sacra
mento. He took possession of the child,
but was arrested for child stealing.
Then he found that his wife, who. had
suddenly left him in 1802, was the wife
of Beck. He gave up the child and was
released, after which Tie ferreted out
the facts concerning her surreptitious
divorce in Omaha. He immediately
took steps to have it set aside by the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Action of Court Final Chap
:'ter in Eomance of Paul
Scliafer, Eesident of Napa
DECREE IS SET ASIDE
Hasty y Marriage After II
iegaljj? Procured Divorce
Makes? Queer Coniplicatioii
TWO HUSBANDS
FOR ONE WOMAN
DARING RIDER
HAS NO SILKS
FOR PRACTICE
Policeman to Be Appointed.
The Civil Service; Commission yes
terday certified the.name of : John J.
Casey '¦ for appointment', as a - patrol
man by the Police Commission.
Sergeant D. W. Boyd of the Police
Department is confined to .his home
as the result of a fall from a street
car. As he attempted to itep from
the platform when the car reached
the park station his heel caught. He
was treated at the Park Emergency
Hospital and then conveyed to his
home, 1229 Fell street
Police Sergeant Injured.
Mrs. Harriet Unsworth of the Edin
burgh lodging-house, 239 .Powell
street, secured a warrant from Police
Judge Fritz yesterday for the arrest of
"John Doe," a Japanese, known as
"Frank," on a charge of disturbing
the peace. He 'had been employed as
a servant at the lodging-house, but
was discharged on Friday. Out of
spile, it Is claimed, he. turned on the
gas throughout the whole house, flood
ing it with carbon monoxide.
Japanese Is Malicious.
The games committee of the Cale
donian Club has completed the pro
gramme of events for the annual gath
ering and games to be held at Shell
M?bund Park on Monday, May 30.
There are forty-one events, most of
them being open. Among the new
features will be wrestling and a foot
race for members of the football clubs,
for which valuable prizes will be
given. It Is expected that the Aus
tralian athletes that are to participate
in the Olympian games at the St. Louis
Exposition will be here to compete in
the wrestling and other open events.
The total value of prizes to be given
this year will amount to more than
$3000.
Caledonian Club Events.
SUES CAPITALIST MAYNE
FOR PAY FOR SERVICES
Thomas R. Hayes Demands $20,000
for Looking Out for the De
fendant's Estate.
A suit to enforce a claim for $20,000,
alleged to be due for services rendered
Capitalist- Charles Mayne by Thomas
R. Hayes, was filed by Hayes yester
day. Hayes alleges that the money is
due him for his care of the $600,000
estate of Mayne during the latter's
absence from the State.
The action Is a sequel to a suit filed
by Mayne a few weeks ago against
Hayes, in which the recovery of
bonds worth $25,000 was asked for by
Mayne. . He claimed that Hayes and
his late son, whose administrator
Hayes is, invested for him, Mayne, a
large sum in bonds and failed to turn
over to him the bonds they received.
LONDON", April 23. — In v Bow-street
police court to-day Henry Slater, head
of the best-known private detective
agency in England, was held In heavy
ball, ' charged with conspiring to pre
vent the due course of justice. With
him in the dock were Albert Osborne,
his lawyer, and two private detectives
employed by Slater. They also were
put under heavy ball.
The case is a sequel to a sensational
divorce suit, in which Slater was em
ployed to secure evidence against the
husband. A decree was obtained last
November, but the authorities became
suspicious, and after a rehearing" this
week the decree was rescinded, the jury
finding that the husband was induced,
through the agency of Slater and Os
borne, to misconduct himself in order
that his wife might obtain a divorce.
The rehearing attracted great public
interest. Sir Edward Clarke and two
leading lawyers defended Slater,' but
were unable to refute the scathing ac
cusations of Solicitor General Carson,
who revealed the extraordinary meth
ods pursued by the detective agency.
More than £15,000 was paid to Slater
and Osborne for the evidence on which
the decree was originally granted.
The Solicitor General said that it was
deliberately concocted by the lowest
type of men and women, who perjured
themselves for small sums of money.
Osborne, who is a rather prominent
lawyer, startled English legal circles
by saying he would pay for evidence if
he could not get It In any other man
ner, and that he had a right to charge
as much as a client would give him,
regardless of the fixed charges which
exist among all solicitors hera
The Solicitor General bitterly de
nounced the existence of such an
agency as Slater's, which, he declared,
hounded innocent men and women with
a regularity which could scarcely be
conceived except for the present dis
closures, which were all the more
alarming as Slater was employed in the
majority of divorce and similar cases.
The arrests are expected to produce
further sensational matter relating to
other cases. The prisoners will come
up for further hearing April 30, to-day's
proceedings being merely formal.
Famous Private Detective
Accused of Manufacturing
Evidence in Divorce Suit
SLATER FACES
CRAVE CHARGES
Native Sous" Hall will be a scene of
mirth and pleasure Tuesday, April 2C.
The last entertainment and dance of
the season will be given by the "Will
fng Workers of the Bush-street Syna
gogue that nisrht for the benefit of the
cemetery fund.
A programme of a dramatic char
acter has been arranged for a "night
of comedy." Two farces will be pre
sented, the first being "Chums" and
the second "Her Only Fault." by Syd
ney Rosenfeld. A scene from Schil
ler's "Mary Stuart" v.-ill be portrayed
.by the pupils of Paul Gerson's School
of Acting, under the personal super
vision of Mr. Gerson.
Miss Ruby Ramdohr will be in the
cast, as will a number of other ama
teura who have displayed some talent.
The entertainment will be in charge
of the officers of the organization, as
'follows: Mrs. Leon Dennery, president;
N. W. Bender, vice president; Mrs.
Louis Meyer, treasurer; Mrs. J. L.
Rosenberg, recording secretary, and
Miss Carrie Stern, financial secretary-
r Kncrgctie Members of Bush-Street
Synagogue Or;raniiatlon Plan a
Benefit for Cemetery Fund.
willing workers to give
•. enti:rtaixmext axd daxce
Miss La Belle St. Leon, who is to
appear In San Francisco the laet of
this month, is one of the moBt dash
ins little bareback riders in the busi
ness. That "all la not gold that glit
ters" Is evidenced by her statement of
rehearsals while In winter quarters.
She says:
"Those who sit under the gleaming
lights around the sawdust arena of a
circus and see the silk gowned and
bespangled women equestrians as they
dash around the ring on a prancing
steed, kissing their hands to the ad
miring spectators, would be sadly dis
appointed were they to visit the train-
Ing quarters of a circus In the spring
time, before the circus takes the road,
and see the women bareback riders
practicing. ¦.
"At Dallas, Tex., the winter quarters
of the Floto shows, may be seen yon
the vacant lots around the town the
reverse side of the gay picture. Silk
and fluffy skirts and lingeries are con-
Bplcucms only by their absence. The
women riders are clad In calico dresses
that hang limply about them and their
hair is generally wadded up in a tight
little ball on the top of their heads.
If the day is bright they wear sun
bonnets, and the appearance of a young
lady in an old calico dress reaching
only to her knees and a big sunbonnet
on her head, and standing on the back
of the horse as It trots in a circle about
an open field, is startling, if it is not
exactly picturesque."
Miss St. Leon will appear with the
; Floto shows In San Francisco April 30.
La Belle St. Leon Says Cir
cus Life in Winter Time
Has No Glamour.
MISS LA BELLE ST. LEON, WHO
IS COMING WITH THE FLOTO
SHOWS.
26
a n VEBTISETVTKTJT9. ..,.----
;8)8-82O /AARKeT; 3T. FRANCISCO.
NECKWEAR. EMBROIDERIES.
rbeauUful Hne of new N.eckwear. Extra wide ,XX Cambric, in many
worth S5c to 50c each; we will patterns; made to sen ior
sell these Stocks Monday and special • • • •
Tuesday, special, each. .....25c CORSETS 2oC.
NOTICE.— Every lady purchas- - w 2/"^_, rrtlp ahaDe Corsets: in
Inj? to amount of J1.00 or more SLV Ului Md white. ...... -2Sc
will be presented with one of pink, blue ana wnue -^
these beautiful Stocks. KIMONfiS 45c.
Tuxedo Veilings, in stylish pat- LI* 11* *
terns; white, black and fancy M A LINE OR
mesh. Special. Monday and Tues- '*' ** ,'" gr% -,
day, per yard 15c ILLUS91\JiV.
C*HIFTFC%N A11 the P°P ular shades. 15c qual-
K*nirrUlll. ity; speclal, per yard 10c
All shades; good, heavy body and * _____——
gp g e h ci^ e er^ r a e r g d Ula !..?r! C . e . 25c BLUE EN A MEL WA RE
ARE YOU GOING 8^;
CA MflNG ? ;jg2? line we "" maklDS SP
If so, remember we are camp out- K. o ATTrT .-p AWg _
fitters. Anything you want to 22 24 26
make life pleasant In camp to be *2k~ -»A« «m^ 4Oc 50o 60o
had here. Hammocks. Tents. Cots. 25o 30o 35c 4OC ooo o«o
Camp Stools and Chairs, Cooking? BICE BOOEBS— ia
Utensils, Camp Stoves. Folding No. 12 13 14 lo 17 18_
Tables, Croquet Sets. Outdoor and 70o 75c 80o 85c »5o >)i.(»
Indoor Games, Baskets, Trunks, STRAIGHT POTS—
Flags and Lanterns. The largest j^T 13 14 15 16 20 24
assortment and lowest price. 0 25o 2 5c 3Oo 45c 650
HAMMOCKS. > ; xjishpaws—
Full size, open weave, colored cot- No- ** J| 6 •' »!"
ton KDc «5« G5 ° 75c 8So
86x80, open weave, with stretch- MIXING PANS — '¦' ma
ers 75c No. 24 28 32 36 38
86x80, same as above, with pillow 25o 35o 45o B5o 6oo
95c ttTTP STOVE PANS—
36x80, with pillow and wide val- j& 2g 32 36 40
ance $1.25 » 4Bc 53c G5c 8O0
Se W eave EgSoSZTZJ&tST- 80 ?^ totT* ""* "*
or8 S1.4f> will stand aclo test.
More elaborate ones..si.7"> to S5 w ____
It means money saved to you to TRUNKS.
look over our line before purchas- A d metal-covered flat-top
ln S . • Trunk, strongly reinforced, good
BASi\tzTS9. traveling. On sale:
13-in. 00c; 14-in. 25c; 15-ln. 30c; « 8 . ln 30-in. 32-ln. 34-ln. 38-ln.
ISllS He 5 ; SKI illlS %! 'n^ *** 83.65 $3.95 S4.35
24-in. 90c; 26-ln. 51^)0; 28-in. $1.10. BABY CARRIAGES.
SATCHEL BASKETS A full line always in stock, from
12-ln. 14-in. 16-in. 17%-in. 20-in. S6.S0 to S25.OO- Compare our
19c • 25o 35o 43o 47c styles and prices.
KNIVES, BAZOKS AND SHEAB3 GSOTOND AN1> BEPAIBXJD.
PICTURE FRAMES OP Alt DESCEIPTIONS MADE TO OBOES.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
I wish I could show you
my gallery of children's
photographs.
Over thirty-five hundred
of them — all sent me volun-
tarily by their mamas.
I get quite a spell of extra
sunniness every time I think
of the thousands and thou-
sands of little ones "FORCE"
has made strong and plump
and healthy.
"FORCE" i» as ready to direst as it is to eat, because it combines
the laxative qualities of Malted 'Wheat with its Phosphate and
- _ Nitrogen, the Brain and Muscle building constituents.
Feed children plenty of FORCE" and they will crow up with
eound stomachs and active minds.
If it is a QUESTION OF IX)-
CALITY wjtli 5-ou, consult our
TO UET COLUMNS.
APAKTMEXTS AXD ROOMS
In All rortions of the City
Advertised.
'flHCv ' % • ¦ . — - t^fi't. ¦•• BBBl^BSw^fc*ct.' %*. ** -?\ ' i£&^B&iBi2\ ¦' - >.y >.**• *^ * •-¦ ¦'^^3^£Sh^j
> '¦> ¦•¦•"' : : ' j9|iflS^y*j^BKBflfcjfc-^v^^ ' -'-i " w^afeinBsiy jWf/uAf .^^jiSMBplgBsS^BSHs^B^^HB^^^^^BBEwl^lH^wJyy^*-^^^^ * '•¦-¦¦¦¦¦¦ ~* ¦¦¦*¦
£*f^.'^^Mfc£^^^^Ps\^"JSC^-i)% v ' B^Bmi ?¦*'""' *^ : ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦' '¦' •' - ¦ - ¦ ' ' ¦' ' - v ¦ '¦ ' '"- x ¦'¦ ¦* *^^9flBv9I
B^^^8jKyi3jHHM^^B*|*MflBSB*yi^^HBHB^H|oPBfl^M^Q^^y*' • . ->¦ ¦/. •••¦•¦•..¦ - *¦¦¦¦¦-» .,¦¦¦.. -^ -. . ¦^^'jS
"COSTLY TOYS"
¦ ¦ • i
CUT OUT THIS DESCRIPTION AND PASTE ON BACK OP
PICTURE FOR FUTURE REFERENCE.
-COSTLY TOYS" 1
IS THE TITLE OF THE
...ART SUPPLEMENT...
By Charles Van den Eycken
TO BE GIVEN WITH THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
The proverbial playfulness of kittens is a favorite subject with painters who,;;/:
choose their models from the domesticated branch of the feline tribe. The fact that
the little animals have not been endowed with discretion in their choice of playthings,
along with their Instinct for play often leads them to do much mischief, and it is
tills mischief which furnishes an inexhaustible fund of material upon which such art-
Lsts as Eugene Lambert, Mme. nenriette Kbriner and Charles Van den Eycken, the
painter of the 'original of this art supplement, have drawn in producing the pictures
which are their life work.
Other artists of more serious temperament have used cats as models for repre-
sentaUons of the savage members of the same family. The anatomy of the domestic
cat is almost identical with that of many of its wild cousins, and the fact that the sav-
a^e* instincts of its ancestors have only a thin veneer of the domestication makes it
a^suiiple matter for an artist to transform the household tabby into a tiger or llon-
' ess, as Delacroix frequently did. One needs only to observe a cat drinking, eathig
or stalking a mouse or sparrow to note the resemblance recalled by VVhlttier, who
displayed 'much of a painter's mstinct In his descripUon hi the lines hi "Snow Bound"
"frfte cat's dark silhouette on the: wall, a couchant tiger's seemed to fall/*
In such pictures as the one which is the subject of this notice there are the ele-
' v menta of lively action and a pleasing suggestion of innocence and joyousnesa which
make them justly popular. In Van den Eycken's painting there is also brieht and
agreeable color and: skillful brush work.
Charles Van den Eycken is a Belgian of pure Flemish descent. He la stflJ a -
young. man and, has every prospect of becoming even more famous in his chosen
branch of -art than the celebrated Mme. Ronncr, whose pupil he is. His studio ia In
Antwerp in the same building as that of his former instructor. Dnrtog the last dec-
ade his s works have become well known hi America and the sale of his pictures hi this
Are ; You Making a Collection of The Call's Art Supplements ?
* There Are Several More Beauties Coming.
ALL NEWSDEALERS AND TRAIN NEWSAGENTS SELL THE CALL. ENTER A COMPLAINT
AT THIS OFFICE IF YOU FAIL TO GET A CALL WHEN WANTED.
ADVEBTISEMEJfTa.
||i|a SS : ".*3L 'O E> ® t||r||
i£§$tt&A The outing season i* nearly here — supply yourself J£E*£S*1
' "KQ^pMs^ now wiUl appropriate Footwear.
nVftStf^' Kaufmann's Eolect rind o-f--;>oelaJly swell line of new- s&CTW
JL/SSw' 1 est shapes, leathers and stylos in all sorts of Outinff SaP^rm
YjH^ku Shoes row ready. V V L,
*7>f7^-V'^ : > Tor Yachtine: A novelty — A Shoe mado of pray S'^^F^
'wJi^sI^'C^ buckskin that can be cleaned with soap ' "JX nw
A, 'iJ^V" 1 and water — rubber solos !*»!$."»<) v<fci v
F^>>**»'-X ror Trtmvlnff: High-cut Boots for mm and women, of tSFEL']
f : ¦ ; N h '/ tan ;m<i pray leather. Prices ~y*ir^4'
f //t't*jR ' S3.50 to glO.OO K
f/ft *:lt For Otitirgr Canvas g-oods for old and young — the EjJs /&
t*£(tS]lr larptst assortment ever brought to San JrtS HC
Francisco. Prices 25 per cent below "uS? JtS
v?tW//c3 those usually askod. *&¦
Y^Wi*B tot BowllasT: Re?;i!ntinn bowiinp Shors for men — Upht |\Y^
Zj&Wl/j'' wviKht. durable Shoe? at 32.*>O IVY tS 1
5^» tiki- Tot Biilnjr: Men's nnd women's Riding J3oots, in tan ItAY^a^
-cC*T»V^ flnd block and patent leather. ItA VjW-
:*2C7#v~ J For mon SIO.OO and S15.OO l&\ >r*2
ylwSZ^ For women $1*£."»O and 815. OO IH;^\)T\
tST v?^ We can fit you all — men. women and children — and IJ^ 2 **^ \
fnfFG&S; punrantee that you will be Batislied — or your money is Y',J$i \y
i§?S heI B o ?? t ai r B ee U bur flne display in the window-it rtffik
will interest you. - i '1^0?
Ciood Shms |8
ADVEBTISEMENTS.'
BaxaaFf/ffr MA/ifDmrPA/Dso*
. IMG£S/Z£. 75*
¦L Miller &50H5: - . v 153 Crassr 5uixTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1904.
27
. • PRAGERS | PRAGERS ':?.%, | . PRAGERS FjTr PRAGERS ; v^;: | PRAGERS 1^ PRAGERS | ' ' : • ¦ PRAGERS
| To-morrow we will inaugurate what will be the J^J^<nJ^ It was no idle boast when we designated Pragers as |
I greatest sale in the history of local retail business. We |^pf|^^^Ki^^^^^ San Francisco's Fastest Growing Store. It has leaped!
I have an immense stock of the newest spring and sum- into the fore rank of the world's great stores, and after!
1 mer goods in the various departments and more are §j|l^^^ an existence of only a year and a half has the undis-i
I coming every day. These goods were ordered long before we consum- tt|^M^||w?§y^ largest department!
I mated the transaction securing the lease of our entire buiiaing, and as it west of Chicago. Months ago we began to be I
| will be several months betore everything is in readiness, we will WmfmM^S^e^m^BmkW it j -.. ¦ -u\ * • +u M
1 offer every piece of merchandise at sensationally low prices. ' We intend Cramped f ° F rOOm and lt WaS im P 0SSlble t0 § lve the
I to begin business in the new store with an entirely new stock, and to y attention we desired to customers. But we will shortly overcome all |
1 accomplish this, prices will be so reduced during the present sale that s^v4_LJ=»«Sw 2 ffll!^^this and during the interim it will be to vour advantage to participate in 1
I there will be no doubt about it. ik 'V^'J^SJgr the unheard-of price reductions that will be made in every department. |
I Exnnsion s ' le - Expansion Sale. ~~ Expansion Sale Expansion Sale. ~| Exp nsion s " e - j
g Toilet* Articles Reduced. ========================= r- . t Linings and Findings. " H
I T T ere are some goods the Marvelous Opportunity to E n ji e<iS Rarffflii\^ in Women's Gar- Stupendous Offering Spring A bsolute necessities far I.
|.H reductions on which are ~Z \ TTZ \ T — - PdrgUmS ill VT UIUCM 5 ; — - IX dresS making and trimming |
I l * indisputable. Secure Values m Domestics _„*_ d^;^c r«* D fi «.^WcAfr^t 5ilKs and Dress ooods. * * can be had h ere at a ugi
I 23c * box-Fine toii e t so.ps ( 3 — nients— Prices LfUt Regardless oi i^ost. _ _. r _ r .^ — — — — , saving. p
{j cakes in a box), including a very A FEW examples of saving are shown in the : = — — T^ VERY one knows Pragers reputation for ; A LININGS. B
I pretty metal soap box. The box it- f\ i tems o { t hi s section. Never has there |k JO need to talk— the unheard of values speak for them- £_. extraordinary specials, and when a sale 14c a yard— Spun glass lining; in I
I "e^Good^ar rubber cloves- the been such an event ' and Jt is certain to IN selves - See our prices, compare them to others and you " like this is announced it is the most op- black and colors. Regular 20c qnal- |
I best seamleS Tglovi^ made .A regular arouse so much buying interest and enthusiasm. L T will buy here. portune time to buy. Be a participant in this lty i Oca yard _ Merccr5zcd sateen, i
m $1.00 vaiue. BED SHEETS. SUITS. , great inaugural event. ;:,:; Black and all colors. Worth 25c. a
g 39c — Veda Rouge rouge. Worth 39c each— Large size heavy sheets for double beds, Suits that were $14.95 yesterday are now reduced to $7.45. SILKS. 35c a yard— Mercerized moreen. M
at 50c a box. pure white. They are worth 60c each. Suits that were $20.00 and $22.50 yesterday are now reduced to 45c a yard — Guaranteed black taffeta; the regular Black and colors. S
W J . c— Mission olive cream. Worth GOe each— Made of the best and most durable $11.1)5. " 65c quSlity. FINDINGS. -fl
H 25 oV« „ Krt a > 7 vi sheeting to be had; for double beds. Always sold Suits that were $2v00 and $30.00 yesterday are now reduced to 03e a yard— Fine black peau desoie; 24 inches 3 each _ Bone cas jn<? Full 0- B
a —»c a box— Amt-Zema skm soap, at 75c, 814.95. • wide. Only a fevv pieces left to offer at this low J 3 " 1 ¦Sfr.u "d colors Rev- i
H an excellent soap for the complexion, PILLOWCASES. «, . , «. . ei ,. r Dr i ce Sells reeularlv at Si 10 yard pieces, tflack and colors. Keg- m
I S cakes in a box. Regular 25c a cake lOc each-Pillow cases, made from a good standard ! u | ts th , at wcre y«terdajr are now fl7.45. P^ ell « a r r e d^ b a la y k a an * check silks; guiuble ular ,oe and ,« goods |
|value. sheeting, 45 by 36. They are worth $1.50 a dozen. ifi S iS? that were $3S.oo and $37-50 yesterday are now reduced to for sh irt waist suits. Cannot be bought elsewhere - c a card-Fatent hump hooks and |
M LEATHER BAGS. 12 He each— Extra heavy pillow cases. Regular $2.00 ! > 10 -"»- : for less than 75c. e> l S ' 1 fM rAa u, Kt : nrT 1
I . 3c each— Leather bags of the best a dozen. Suits that were $4500 are now reduced to $24.95.. . 53c a yard— Fancy shirt waist suit silks in navy „ a S P° O1 — 5°° y aras oasiing ra.
I walrus stock, have leather handles, COMFORTERS. We guarantee you the same treatment and the same perfect alterations and white, brown and white, green and white, garnet co g£ n : hnrtl.- aonnre* machine oil H
j are hned with moire silk and ere S9c— Silkoline covered comforters, pure white cot- as in the past. and white and black and white. These silks were o£ \ ll^Z S!SfS ioo? «?lk I
9 htted with a com purse. They come ton filling JACKETS bought to sell for 8SC c j a s^ ool r"^°"y ara , p , ,," H
«*Si£jS3l''«SS an " Un ' and Jin 3 °c^"d y <IUiltCd COmfO "" S '" dOubIcbed ' We have .aken hundreds o( our new 'and ap-.o-da.e jackets of oover.s \-?^^ «"" ¦•
I : SaI |="oS°-l¥x d r » fine eomforters for double beds; -d Wdclo.hs .ha. sold a. $,o.oo and reduced -.hem for {hi, B rea. sale .o ; i
: Expansion Sale. sateen covered. spREADS ' AU our $, 2 . 5 o jacke.s are reduced .o ?7.4r.. "^e a yard- 2 7-inch whi.e Japanese silk. For Expulsion Sale. |
' NpWKt SnrinQ 1 WacH Ctmx)« ?1.95— Large, heavy Marseilles spreads; worth All our $15.00 and $17.50 jackets are reduced at $9.95. waists it is unexcelled. Sells regularly at 50c. . c™-^1a 1 «*.« r..«f,;«r 8
i wewest opring YYasn OOOaS. $2 50 Other gradcs from 8g c to $I000 SKIRTS - 3c a yard-Wash silks in cream, gray, tan. pink, Sample LaCe CWtainS. |
THOITSAVDS nf v-»rH<i nf BLANKETS. _, , . , . ,.' . x . ., TT , , - maize and helio checks and cords. To close out .. . .. H
? u a 1 - ? J T 75c to $2O a pair-We carry a full and complete The same reductions apply to our skirts as in the suits. Hundreds of the season's remnants thc price has been reduced. T* HIS line is part of a big. g
the daintiest wash goods line of white, gray; scarlet. Vicuna blankets. All are new and up-to-date dress and walking skirts are now reduced nearly one- Worth 5OC alvvays . 1 purchase we made a few i
are to be had now at an im- exceptional values. haIf for thls S reat sale - 37c a yard— Polka dot silks in brown, navy and * c j avs a[ro |1
mense saving. TABLE LINENS. $1.7.%— For cloth skirts reduced -from $3.50. black, with white dots. A pretty material for shirt * C urtaINS P 1
I 5c a vard 7enhvr c-inoTiams in C9c yard — Satin table damask, 2 vards wide, of the $1.95 — For skirts of fancv mixtures and plain colors reduced from waist suits. A 65c value. • , r- 1 *. • / ," B
cl^ng \olfd c Z <S£ r p^tty'TheckT, choicest* designs. Other values at 3 9C 65c andVoo a $4.00' . ' 43c a y V d-Pragers invincible taffeta for lining. |^g?«g^g^g curtains ( O n^ |
stripes, etc. This material is sold ***£ NAPKINS $3.45_For skirts" of fancy mixtures reduced from $6.50. iLXhV^f t^ »d 4 yar^Ug/rust refdved^om |
d l^Tvard-Vn Client assort W^J^^^^^^S^ the miS Also lome at 5 oc and 89c I
men^of lawl. dimitS and"' bJSS others at $i, 5 . $£50. $r.75. $2.00 and $3.00 a dozen. \ fa » c >' mixtures ' reduced from f^&M ' and all cofors. Regular 50c quality. each. A are worth from $1.50 to |
J They are very sheer and in all the - TOWELS. WAISTS. ; DRESS GOODS. 7 ' 5 TAPESTRY I
pretty and dainty colors and designs ¦ I5e each— A big lot of damask and Turkish bath Thousands of new shirt waists must now be sacrificed. We have re- q 5c a yar d— 52-inch black cheviot. Has always o _ , _. .. Q
of dots, stripes and scroll effects, towels; large size. Sold elsewhere at $2.25 a dozen, duced our .waists of all kinds to such low prices that thcy certainly should sold £ or $j O0 - a»c a yard— Oriental tapestry, 50 B
: They make up into beautiful summer We have others ranging in price from 8 1-3C to $1.00 ea not last long. 4j )c . a y ar d_ 54 .i nc h black iron-frame alpaca. Very or 52 inches wide; suitable for cozy g
j dresses. • '_ ...''". To-morrow you can purchase our regular $1.75 waists for 98c. Many high finish, and sells elsewhere at 98c a yard. corners, mantel drapes, etc. £J
~"~~~"""^~"~~~^"^~^""~^~"~~ — ~"~~~~~^~~'^~~~~~~"~~~~~~~'"^~~~~'"~~~^"^~^"^~~~~ 1 ~" 1 '^~~~~~~^~~~~~" handsome styles to select from. They are made of extra quality lawns ' Ej •
i Fvn^ncinn QoU Expansion S^le. trimmed I with embroidery ;or lace You will find among the waists the well- Hxp nsjpn Sule. Fvnancinn ft
! CXPanSlOn OalC. «======= known "Marquise," "Knickerbocker." 'Milo," "Griffon" and many other < CApdnblUri OdIC [j
— ===== — — SQVing On Boys' Caps. brands, and :i are marked at a. saving of fully half. j RedttCeS Boy S* SKSrtS. n . U
It's MUlinery Time and the to^^i Aii>pe.tuU^^^SSSs^i^S ' ™°-j™** i^.; stiff h bosom, Prices on Household Neces- 1
Best Time to Save Money. s^^ B£^S^££ sities Are Strictly Special, 1
-^— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — - — English golf caps, full large flat $2.25. figures and guaranteed perfect fitting. _ c f , . • m
Stock contains almost everything tn crowns. Worth 50c. $1.45— For moreen and sateen petticoats, reduced from $2.50. Ages 6 to 12 years. Regular 50c value. I L not Otten that money - saving reductions g
I 1 the hat line, and every taste and style — j — _ : : ; | as great as these are marked on goods abso- |
can easily be satisfied, either from our P * Q 1 P Q 1 lutely necessary for the completion of the H
regular stock or by a special order to our work- CXP^PISlOn OcilC CXP^nSlOn OcllC. , home. §j
; room. The cost is the same and so little at . • . _- r , _ ___ , m - -. -V-. - J a 15c— White porcelain salt box, with" wooden cover. H
this time that it will surprise you to know Lighter Weight* Womeivs Muslin Everything Required m Children s Ap- reg ol a : ly f c . , . At I
what we are selling millinerv for. — — — — * — : *-- --c_i8-inch hardwood frame screen. |
trimmed hats. . Underwpflr And HA^ierv m»v*1 R H^rp 6oc 4uC - Crystal and hardwood washboards, worth 1
90.98— A beautiful lace turban with facing and VIIUW WCU1 Oil VI 1 l^OS^l / . pOlfcl 1^ 11^1 K,. ooc r "V - !„ , U
crown of violets and is finished with a drape of Orien- ttt^ ~" ¦ _ _ .__ , : T^ — "- —~~ t , t • — c— Wire dish covers. Worth 30c. R
tal cream lace caught at the back with large gold 'T^HESE are just the things you have been waiting for, Take \\j^ "ave-made special effort to collect garments that are in SSc— Seamless milk and rice boilers. Worth $1.25. fe]
buckle. Regular $8.oc hat. | advantage of the low prices and lay in a sufficient number YV £ reatest demand now. The prices are right, you can de- . 90c— Food choppers. A handy article. Regular!
•i . TAILORED HATS. . ; \ * f or the entire summer pend upon it. -- $1-25 value. E
CORSET COVERS. SKIRTS. ; IGc-Steel fry pans. Worth 25c. I
aid iatin ribbon^ as \^ or^ aJ f; 1111 tnmmmgs OI Dram 4Sc_ Cambric corset covers. Elaborately trimmed with Valen- aOc-Flarinclette skirts made of pink and blue striped flannel with .91.40 -Heavy block-tin gas ovens, lined with I
UNTRIMMED ' SHAPES ciennes. Cluny and Torchon lace edgings and insertions. There are about flounce at bottom. Worth 65c. iron - Worth $1.65. | ¦
: 49c-Cannot be bought any place 'for less than I5 ° dozcn in the lot ' and not °" e " v ,^ Iess than 65C ' M ¦ SUN BONNETS. ii ; (> f 0 ,"T Fi " e « t^™" F* ?V% 11™ * bUrnefS I
$1.25 and $1.50. Great special sale. They are of rough ... GOV^?T ( a S kv q. . • 23c each-Sun bonnets made of fancy percale in colors of pink, blue «^ 4 fm gas tubing. Kegularly- 5275. M
; straws, in black and white, Tuscan braids, fancy chips, S 9c_ Women s night gowns. Made of good quality cambric Sev- and red Jth d . laundered ready for use. Regular 55^ aP iv ch - oppmg bo^ ls ' Wo . rth . 15 , C - „, . H
fiats, Gainsborough and pompadour shapes. eral 5t>^es. The y^okes and collars are handsomely trimmed with lace ni ¦ • e $l.<o_IX tin copper-rim wash ooiler. Worth H
CDtr/^IAf 10 vard nieces of trimminjr *% r and embroidery. Full length and extra full width. \ ou have about 175 b v °° nftF^Fq 2 ?. \
SPECIAL rd a1 ? I^f* °L r tnimmn8: 25C dozen to make selection from. Worth $1.25.- • ai Afi DRfcbSItb. • ?1.25_Curtain stretchers. An exceptional value. |
• straw, all colors, for ****%* SKIRTS ?1.4S— Dresses made of fine soft nainsook with yokes of open work I
! I f\- F«nch sailor frames. Remember our prices $1.38— Made of a fine grade of cambric, with deep flounces of Per- tucking and finished with beading The collar and cuffs are edeed with I
! 19C include only the very latest patterns. This sian *, awn , cdged w°th embrofdery 6 inches wide and clusters of hem- narr 2X IftK fr, S " W V? 4 ?Mni ? ,fcj 2 hn "IS Fvmncinn 9fll^
j is the greatest reduction in the city. tit h , tucks g Thcy arc very 5ft and extra wcll made . Sell regularI y .„ |lSf Sll S pitt -CXPanSlOn .bale.
r-» . r> 1 » 2 -5O. TTMrkT7T3\7TrcTC " • bluc chambray and finished with pearl buttons. These are regular $.3.50 t r >T i^t 1 a *i^ ¥\ I
Expansion Sale. ic-won™.* underve^ D s^m?r T wd g h.. The soft cc.on kmd. va,ue S . O^ D ™ ' We Never Ncalcct the Boys I
pj ne rjb white only, ana all sizes. Regular 20c value. ' ROMPERS. M
LOW HriCGS iViflrtCSQ OH- l-^e— Summer weight vests. Low neck and no sleeves. They are 75c each— They are made of striped or checked Galatea with waist "\w71i/>n Th/PT^'^ A Tl vthlTlrf* Dnfrift H
WVJ W ri IV^O 1TXU1 IV^M V/Il fine> sQ / t couon Rem brandt rib. All sizes. 25c value. band, collar and cuffs piped with red. They cover the child from head to ¦Wllgll 1 11KFC AliyUliAlg UUIII3. I
\$*ir\ *c fTrrMniekinfre HOSIERY. foot - wash vve11 and will not fade. Sizes 2 to 8 years. , • -— — I
iYiSil S I 1 ill FllSilingS. 3 pa i rs f 0r 91.OO— 200 dozen pairs women's fancy hose, including all SAILOR HATS. - MORROW the inauguration of . the 'I
__ • i« • * 1 4 the newest styles shown this season — Persian, champagne, chocolate and ,63c — Pique sailor hats with detachable crowns so that they can be 1 great expansion sale will open with won- 6
I^OR true economizers this is an event that black and white effects. They are regular 50c and 75c hose. %-UfJ- laundered nicely. White only. Worth $1.00.. * derful slashing of ; orices in bovV clothing I
; JT« should not be overlooked. If it is impos- ; 1 ; _ ___ : ; — __ It , g ¦ h chance o{ f he t j^ e 3 5 " I
sible for you personally to attend this sale Expansion Sale. ¦ Fvr»Qneinn Qdp ' Expansion S le. "::% suits' I
have some one of the ladv members of your •= . CXpanSlOfl OaiC at o _ _ ,¦ bU1 , ' : . % l\
1 A J Npw TrimiTiina'*; t^« ¦» «¦¦¦ ¦•¦•¦¦•v- ?1.9*»— Boys' two-piece knee pants suits in fancy H
, house secure goods. new lnmmingS. _ Fine Handkerchiefs. stripes and mixtures; also navy blue cheviots. Re- 1
j _ NECKWEAR. 14c a yard-Black silk chantilly lace CXiraOrQinary ValUCS blVdl OH tllC THlCSt fl |m , .... . duced from^.75- , ., . t . f J^ \\
; 2So— Silk neckwear; all new shapes and patterns, M n OO ns and fancv edee insertions- =¦ : ; ¦ « for . -oc—iqoo dozen ¦ children s J?1.J>5— Navy blue sailor suits, also sailor Norfolks; H
Derbys. Imperials, four-inlands and Tecks. These fuitable^ for trimming licht* weisht H^^J T'^il^^^J Oi^tU^^ S^- A.4 ATC school, handkerchiefs, of white lawn, well made and perfect fitting. Worth $3.00. ||
\ are our regular 50c and 75c ties. There are about 80 Zo prTty applique anHlar- 01 IlanCt TailOrCa ClOthCS IOF MCIl. Wlth .narrow hemstitched borders with 45c, 7Oc and O.'.c-Washable suits in an endless I
3 dozen in the lot. Z °£*~ patter ns A big assortment to " i ; ~ lace, inserted in one corner. A.regu- variety of colors and styles. Exceptional values. l\
3 lie— Silk shield bow tics; just the thing for spring select from. Worth 25c," .isc and 50c vd. TpHE same ratio of reduction applies to all the men's clothing 10c handkerchief. OVERCOATS. it
S and summer wear. We have every pattern desirable, 14c a yard-2ooo" yards of fine I as \ s j n fo^e throughout the department devoted to RIBBONS. $3.7B— Boys' top coats, the very latest in covert I
J including plain black or white. They have the new im- cambr j c a nd Swiss embroiderv ede- 1 1? 'tn'c J inrOUgnOUl me aeparirnent uevuicu tu .^ yard— Pure silk rib- cloth. All sizes. They have been reduced from $5.00.- B
, proved fastener. Kcjju.ar 25c tie. ings and insertions, .3 to 0 inches women s neeas. ,„.___ „_„ „ bons, satin on one side and brilliant KHAKI SUITS.- - •>'«
j SUSPENDERS. .. wide, in blind and open patterns. Al- WAt>H Vh-bTS. .-:.. . taffeta on the other, 3 and 4 inches $1.19— Boys' khaki suits, made of the very best 1
10c — Genuine Prince suspender, similar to the Pres- ways sold at coc. 25c and 30c. 99c— Wash vests, in the new shades of gun metal and gray3 of a wide. It washes well and makes up quality regulation khaki. Sold everywhere for $1.50. H
t ident suspender. There is a guarantee with every pair ; guaranteed fast color duck, and made with removable buttons. We also into beautiful , bows. Worth 20c 98c— Gray khaki suits; military style and long k
. that insures the wearer against all defects or breakage. ExP3n g 10n b^le. have several patterns in white and*tan grounds, with fancy figured ef- and 25c.'.. pants. ' Worth $1.25 regularly. :-> |]
I W0rth2.sc. „ _ _. fects. Worth $1.50 regularly. — — — ' WAISTS " II
_ . mr , SOX. .... , . oCarlS ai\u onamS. spl.in— 20 dinerent #tyies . in", tans, white and fancy figured effects in 2fto_Rnvi!' nnlannrfcrcH waUtu anH hlntKrQ inMm. 1
j Sc a pair-Men's seamless sox; plain black, brown, -— ch eviot vests. All are guaranteed not to shrink or fade. They are made and H^t colors R^eeifar^Tvalues Special fSr this I
red and polka dots; double heels and toes. Strictly all 20c each— 2500 fancy bureau scarfs w j th removable buttons and light colors. Kcguiar 25c values, special tor this H
fast colors. All sizes. Sold regularly at I2»4c. and shams, made of Rood quality of * SUITS > Y<9ftA1r C/vm C/mttti-m^ WC °" a
\ i t lawn ornamented with fancy braid; These suits come in single* and double breasted styles and ¦JClUlMjII iJ.UvCirC H hi
\ S9"^1^h- scalloped borders. Worth 75c each. the materials worsted, fancy cheviotsi Scotches, homespuns, blue serges ___ — _ : _ ___* — : jft^lA^- j M
, j ""'^ f . « i CUSHION COVERS. an< l hlack unfinished worsteds and T'.iibcts. They are all cut in the la- I IS *) 0
! K w v Jtk^ t jl*. v»v jfit W "\ each — Painted cushion covers lcst styles, lined with heavy ribbed serge and It Han cloth, have hair E "~^^L jlA< a_/)l jSlj£& 9
'- i n& ffi^xK dffl BHA. ' to bc cm broidcred; the "designs are clot}l fronts and English shrunk canvas ir.terlinings. They % are worth reg- [*!(? A U^l sJffi Wk^M l&i'^A^ *f
» V - '"^fr JT I iJlc — J a P anese crepe cushion tops desirable shades of tan and olive :• they are'ljned with Venetian cloth and + f\ o \i v "Gk—r l|
j t£-^ Atw^vcnciiAnf ir ' of Oriental colorings in two designs— tailored right up to date; also Oxford cheviots in all desirable styles arid* lli TOP - - ZSC ra aiuaVC DPllARI P 13
j p ALWAYS RELIABLE | thc dragon and crancs> Rcady t0 i en gths-the short topper and medium length box coat. Worth $12. =;o, 1V 1U * i-T 1 .^: ffl ALWAYS RELIABLE y
I M* 1238- 1250 MARKET ST.^, make . CORDS . $13.50 and $ I5 .oo. cravenettes., • ' iw ,if en" «i oc 1250 MARKET: ST.^ |
§ 1 # ," 2Oc a set— Small cords for tying $9.OO— Priestley's English Cravenettes, rani or shine overcoats,^cut?52 H0X OI.OU " . ": " i!pl*^k) ' °.H
I All the shopping inducements that have ,made this corners of cushions. They come in inches long and comes in gray and tan. ; This is a most serviceable coat for All the shopping inducements that have made this ¦
\ store popular arc still here. ' all combinations of. colors. » winter or summer. Regular!$i2.so value. . . store popular, are, still here. «OFFICERS OF- THE NATIVE SONS
OF THE GOLDEN WEST AT THE
GATHERING IN VALLEJO.
"We would like to obtain your per
mission to disregard this feature of the
census law, viz., to omit that portion
relating to the obtaining of signatures
of parents or guardians."
"The census marshals." said School
Director Roncovieri. "are experiencing
great difficulty in inducing parents to
give their signatures in swearing to the
number of their children. This greatly
hampers the work and may result in
this city receiving less money from the,
State than heretofore. For each child
of school age the State pays $9 and I
am sure when this is known parents
will cheerfully sign their names.
"Some fear that it is a submission to
taxation, but It is nothing of the sort.
Last year we had more than 90,000
names and this year should exceed that
number and will If parents win comply
with the law and aid the census mar
shals In their work. The cost of the
work last year was $8000 and this year
it will exceed $12,000, owing to the new
law."
that of last year by 40 per cent through
the enforcement of this obnoxious fea
ture of the law. If compelled to ob
serve the full technical requirements of
the law we will be unable to complete
the census within the prescribed time.
BOARD MAKES APPEAIi.
It is understood that Monterey is
anxious to secure the 1S05 session of the
Grand Parlor for j that town, and it is
prepared to make a fight for the honor.
Marysville \ Is regarded as likely to be
in the fight against Monterey. As to
the new legislation that may be pro
jected at the session now at hand lit
tle is known here, but ¦ there *? are a
number of committees that. have been
considering important subjects that
will report. They are:. v On develop
ment of the resources ofUne State of
California, Morris Brooke, chairman;
on historic landmarks, J. R. Know
land, chairman; on irrigation and for
est reservation, Washington . Dodge,
chairman; ;on Dormer monument, ].C.
W. Chapman, chairman; 'on navy yard
memorial, , S/'J.J McKnight, chairman.'
The latter contemplates the placing of
a '; memorial " window] ' in "> St. Peter's
Chapel at; Mare Island perpetuative of
the memories of Rear/Admiral* John D..
Sloat, ¦ , Commodore ¦ Robert\F. Stockton
and Admiral David G.. Farragut, three
naval heroes who were 5 identified with
the expeditions sent out by the United
States - Government to take , possession
of the territory bordering the. Pacific
Coast, affirming American authority
and establishing the Mare 'Island navy
yard. : The ; various . parlors .of 'Califor
nia '• have ; already ; contributed i $284 for,
the memorial wlndowt
the seven grand trusteeships, seven
teen candidates having already an
nounced themselves and engaged In
more or le'ss preliminary canvassing. It
is likely that at the coming session of
the Grand Parlor the number of grand
trustees will be increased from seven
to eleven.
The Board of Education fears that
the census of school children this year
will fall far short of last year because
the work is being delayed owing to a
provision of the new law requiring cen
sus marshals to secure the signatures
of parents or guardians of children of
eligible school age.
This new requirement has resulted in
the taking of less than 4000 names
dally, whereas last year 6500 were ob
tained. This requirement will probably
Law -Requiring Signatures
of Parents or Guardians
Greatly Hampers the Work
SCHOOL CENSUS
BEING DELAYED
"This department is rigidly adhering
to the law governing the census. As a
consequence our work, is greatly ham
pered. Las^ year our work progressed
at the rate of 6500 names a day and
this year'we are able but to turn in
something less tha'n 4000 names daily,
owing to the delay occasioned by that
section of the law requiring the census
marshal to secure the signatures of
parents or guardians. The expense this
year in taking the census will exceed
ADHERES TO LAW.
result In the census not being complet
ed within the time required by law.
The board yesterday transmitted a
letter to State Superintendent of
Schools Kirk, acquainting him with the
facts in the case, and appealing to that
official for permission to disregard the
provision named. The communication
follows:
"We are informed that other counties
in the State are not complying with a
strict Interpretation in relation to the
laws governing the taking of this
year's school census, inasmuch as the
census marshals are not obtaining the
signatures of the parents or guardians
of children within the school age as
prescribed by law and in conformity
with the directions Issued by your of
fice.
Denes Commission Appointed.
At the request of the attorneys of
George Benes, charged with the mur
der of his wife at the Humboldt House
on Ftockton street last December,
Judge Dunne yesterday issued a com
mission to take the evidence of per
sons in Berne. Switzerland, as to the
existence of insanity in the Benes
family. The interrogatories will be
prepared as speedily as possible. The
trial will be postponed till the receipt
of the commission's report.
Threat of Suicide.
Coroner Curry of Contra Costa
r'ouiity telephoned yesterday to the
Morgue that John Murray of Martinez
liad re.-cived a letter signed by H**nry
Hickmann. stating that the writer's
dead body would be found in Golden
Gate Park if search should be made
for it. Hickmann was engaged in
building a house at Martinez for Cor
oner Curry. _ , V- •¦¦-
Accused of Embezzlement.
i S. X. Winser of the California Pot
! tery Company, 18 Larkin street, se
cured a warrant from Police Judge
Cabaniss yesterday for the arrest of
A. W. Murphy, on a charge of felony
embezzlement. Murphy was collector
for the company and it is alleged he
has embezzled $130 during the last
two years. i \;
Want Return of Clraphophonc.
A warrant wjis secured yesterday
From Police Judge Fritz for the arrest
of Theodore Lowe, formerly editor of
the Raven, on a charge of felony em
bezlement. It is alleged that he pro
cured a grraphophone on approbation
from Sherman. Clay & Co. and instead
of paying for it or returning it he
sold' it.
The meetings conducted by Com
mander Booth-TuclTer are said to have
been the largest and most enthusiastic
ever held by the army upon the coast.
The needs of the Golden Gate
Orphanage across the bay were thor
oughly gone into. Its accommodations
have been overtaxed and many appli
cations have had to be rejected. • It
was decided to extend and enlarge it
so that the work among waifs and
strays might no longer be handicapped
through lack of room. It was also de
cided to increase the summer relief
plans and arrange for fresh air outings
for 1000 mothers and children from
San Francisco.
Decisions were given affecting prop
erties to the total value of nearly
$200,000, the acquiring of which will
be beneficial to the further advance
ment of the organization. These prop
erties are situated at San Diego, Los
Angeles, San Francisco, Vancauver,
Wash.; Seattle, Boise City and Ogden.
At the last mentioned place the City
Council has donated a $15,000 lot,
upon which an industrial home is to
be erected.
Colonel French, provincial officer of
the Salvation Army, has just returned
from Salt Lake City after finishing a
tour of Inspection, accompanying Com
mander Booth-Tucker. This tour,
which lasted a month, comprised visits
to some twenty-one cities on the- coast,
while all phases of the army's mani
fold operations were thoroughly dis
cussed and many improvements and
extensions decided upon by the na
tional leader. . : /;
Colonel French Returns With New
Plans From the Various Posts
Alons: the Coast.
SALVATION ARMY REPORTS
ADVANCEMENT EVERYWHERE
t'ily Attorney Long Holds Ordinance
Conferrinj: Judicial Powers on
Body Is Unconstitutional.
City Attorney Long advised the
Board of Public Works yesterday that
it cannot be required to make the
Hssessment of damages claimed to
have been caused to the property of
:he Xau heirs by certain blasting oper
ations conducted for and on behalf of
ihe Merchants' Ice and Cold Storage
Company.
Long says th«» action of the board
in so doing would be an oxercise of
judicial power beyond the jurisdiction
of an executive officer to perform and
that so much of an existing ordinance
hs assumes to confer such power on
such officers is unconstitutional and
void.
IJOA11D OF WORKS LACKS
RIGHT TO ASSESS DAMAGE
Daslia and Dempsey Will Be Sen
tenced Alone on the Conviction
for Conspiracy.
United States District Judge de
Haven decided yesterday that the
conspiracy to substitute Chinese in
which Dasha. Dempsey, Burnett and
Horn Toon were engaged, was one
conspiracy and that two additional in
dictments against them for conspir
ing with Wong Din and Lee Lim were
invalid, Wong Din and Lee Lim hav
ing joined the original conspiracy.
Dasha, Dempsey and Horn Toon
were ordered to appear next Monday
for sentence upon the conviction un
der the- first indictment.
TWO INDICTMENTS
DECLARED INVALID
The ; dance and menu cards will be j
charming souvenirs of Vallejo and Mare
Island. The badges to be distributed by
the local committee to the visiting dele
gates are handsome lithographs on
white kid, properly lettered and show
ing a grizzly bear on a promontory
viewing a passins battleship. The com
mittee reports rooming accommoda
tions plentiful, and besides the hotels
and restaurants the ladies of the Meth
odist and Baptist churches wjll serve
dinners on each of the four days* ses
sion of the Grand Parlor. The banquet
Friday night will be under the direction
of Caterer Huber of San Francisco.
Past President P. B. Lynch will pre
side as toastmaster.
The local committee feels that the va
ried social programme which has been
arranged to provide relaxation and en
joyment for the four days' session will
prove • acceptable to the visitors. The
trip to Mare Island will present novel
and interesting studies to many of the
interior delegates. They will be afford
ed every opportunity to view all the
sights.
When, the visitors are allowed time
for business it will be transacted In *m
Pablo Hall, which the decorator's hand
has rendered very Inviting.
The officers of the Grand Parlor are:
L. F. Byington, junior past grand
president; H. R. McNoble, grand presi
dent; C. E. McLaughlin, grand first vice
president; J. L. Gallagher, grand'sec
ond vice president; W. D. Wagner,'
grand third vice president; Charles H.
Turner, acting gran?t secretary; Henry
S.' Martin, grand treasurer;. William E.
Foley, grand marshal; ; J. Emmet Hay
den, grand : inside sentinel ; Bert Levy,
grand outside sentinel. The grand trus
tees are M. T. Dooling, James A. De
voto, Charles M. Belshaw, F. R. Wehe,
C. E. Jarvis, ' L. H. r , Mooser and A. B.
Baker. All ¦ these offices will be : filled
at the coming" session of "the Grand
Parlor by election. There are three can
didates for the office of grand secre
tary, namely, C. H. Turner (incum
bent), F. H. Jung of .' Stanford Parlor
No. 76 anjl" Theo G. Eilers of Santa
Barbara Parlor No. 116. The : two can
didates that have appeared for the of
fice of grand treasurer are John E. Mc-
Dougald .'of . California : Parlor r No. . 1,
who has probably belonged to ¦ the order
longer than any Native > Son i how.- liv
ing, and.H. E.Pasquale of Golden Gate
Parlor, No.-, 29. ? ,;; ; .' . • . y
"There will be a warm- contest for
VALLEJO, April 23.— Vallejo is in
gala attire, bear flags and the golden
colors of the Native Sons predominat
ing. The Grand Parlor of the Native
Sons of the Golden West will assemble
here to-morrow and the week promises
to be an interesting one. In a social
way Vallejo will have its latchstring
dangling on the outside, and every
thing will be done that Is possible to
give the visitors a good sample of
navy yard town hospitality.
The local committee of arrangements
consists of S. J. McKnlght, chairman;
T. J. O'Hara, secretary; J. A. Browne,
G. G.-Halliday, J. F. Deininger, J. A.
Bruce, Joseph Clavo, H." T. Stevens,
George "Weniger and F. H. Lee. Under
their management an open-air concert
will be given on Georgia street Sunday
from 4:30 to 6:30 p. m. On Monday
evening a public reception and dance
will be held in the pavilion, where elab
orate decorations will be set off by elec
trical effects. Tuesday afternoon a
visit will be paid to Uncle Sam's great
workshops, dock and warships at the
Mare Island Navy Yard. On Tuesday
evening- a banquet will be served at the
pavilion. Wednesday evening Vallejo
Lodge No. 559, B. P. O. E., will give a
reception at their handsome quarters
in honor of the visitors. The steamer
Corcoran has been chartered for
Thursday morning and an excursion
will be given to the Union Iron Works,
San Francisco, to witness the launch
ing of the new armored cruiser Califor
nia, which will be followed by a trip
around the bays. On Friday evening a
grand ball will be given at. the pavilion.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Prettily Adorned Vallejo to
Be Host of Delegates
to Grand Parlor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, - APRIL 1 24, 1904.
FLAG-DECKED
CITY AWAITS
NATIVE SONS
28
We will buy you a bottle of Liquozone, if
you are sick — we'll pay your druggist our-
selves for it and show you, how to get well.
We paid $100,000 for the American body without killing the tissues, too. Dysentery— Diarrhea scrofula— syphtiu
rights to Liquozone. And wc have There is nothing else known which gjSgSJfr "^ TtaSu "t^SiS"
spent $500,000 in the past four months will do that. Any drug' that kills Eczema— EryBlpeUa Tuberculosis
to buy a million bottles and eive them germs is a poison, and it cannot -be oSTteSlSSt ' 8t0B *" vaHc™^ 10 *™
to a miilion sick ones. Don't you taken internally. . For that reason Gonorrhea— Gleet Women's Diaeasea
realize that this product must be of medicine is practically helpless in All diseases that b**tn with fever— all in-
wonderful worth to humanity? Won't any germ disease. ~ . fE£2T^ l T£toT^p^%*%&o«S;
vou see what it means to vour Liquozone . is so certain that we wood-
AcK Like Oxveen S ubHs f on ;. vcr >^ boUle ™ . offcr of s^r^A c £ do a
JACIS aVl&e V/Aygeil. $1000 for a disease germ that it cannot - **
Liquozone is not made by com- kin - J, he ™™ on « that eerms are 50C. Bottle Free.
pounding drugs, nor is there any alco- K b ' e^ f ' n J f a " e^"? f If >' ou need Liquozone and V have
hoi in it. Its virtues are derived sole- 4 the vcr^ J '{ e of a " animal— is deadly never trJ d it p , d » nave
Jy from gas-largely oxygen gas-by a to vegetable matter L.auozone^ is on We ' w ill then mail you an
process which required immense ap- certain ¦ detraction, to germs, yet to order on your local dJuggisf for S
paratus and 14 days' time. Each cubic the human body it ,s the most helpful f u H- si2e bottle, and we wUrpay you?
inch of Liquozone represents the vir- thing m the world. There is no other druggist ourselves for it This is our
tues of 1250 cubic inches of the *as. «?y to end the cause of any germ frC e S gift. ma de to convince you. ?o
The process by which these virtues are Q'sease. show you what Liquozone is. and
concentrated into liquid, stable form GeiTO DiSGOSeS. what it- can do. In justice to you r-
Jias been the constant subject of sci- - -. : , self, please accept it to-dav. for it
cntific and chemical research for more lhese are the known germ dis- p i accs you under no obligation
than 20 years. eases. All that medicine can do for whatever.
/ The result is a product which does these troubles is to hejp Nature over- Liquozone costs 50c and $1.
n-hkt oxygen does. Oxygen is th« come the germs, and such results are , : "' ' ' ' "
nerve food, the blood food, the scav- indirect and uncertain.' Liquozone CUT OUT THIS; COUPON ,
cnger of the blood. It is the very kills the germs, wherever they are, '««¦ this Arer may not appear again, nn
>ource of vitality the most essential and the results are inevitable. By de- S^ci'JS^wT^'^tSSS?
clement of life. -But oxygen is a gas. stroying the cause of the trouble it >" B -v
and unstable; while Liquozone is fixed invariably ends the disease, and for- My. disease is
«nd concentrated It gets an excess of ever. x ' [[ «g
oxygen \nrtUCS into the blood, to go Aethn:a JUy Fever-Influenza ta*" «t-
wherever the blood ROCS. The result Abscess— Anemia Kidney Dieease* v - .
•a. i" •».— 4^ na '/. with wiiirri ¦ nn Bronchitis I. a Grippe ¦ N »««...,......
(a vitalizing tonic uitn wnicn no Blood Polt<m Leucorrhea .
her known product Can Compare. Brlchfe Dl«*aee- Liver Troubles- •*
¦ Bowel Troubles • Malaria — Neuralgia . " ¦ •' " . ¦ ¦ .
X/XWe- Incifta f^ormC Cour*»» — Colds • Manv Heart Troubles V •"••
fVlUS UISIQC UCrtUa* Consumption Piles— Pneumonia . ' g14 G»v« full' address— write plainly. .
„ , . t «• •^.i^--.-,.. \'. mt . Collo^ — Croup Pleurisy — Quinsy ........
But UlC great value UCS constipation - RheumaUsm , Any -physician oV- hospital not -yet usinr
tbc fact that it kills germs in the Catarrh— Cancer . 6kln Dlaeasei • Uauo2?n e wUl bo tiadly miaDlled lor a. test.
NZW ADVERTISEMENTS.
Ne whir o's Herpicide
An Exquisite Hair Dressing: ,
THE ORIGINAL REMEDY THAT "KILLS THE DANDRUFF GERM."
Jill^sr — Kcrp5cjdc Girls / \
THE LADIES OliJECT to a gummy :»nd Fticky | marked dejrree. If the hair is dull, brittle and lifeless,
hair drc^sinR or one mat is fell of sedimentarv c!iem- ! owing to the presence of a microbic growth, the ef-
icals intended to dye the hair. The marked prefer- \ feet is to dampen one's spirits and cause a loss of in-
ence for a clean and dainty prepiration. particularly j terest in personal appearance. The use of Newbro's
onr that overcomes excessive oi'ircss and leaves the Herpicide overcomes the ravages of the dandruff mi-
hair light and fluffy, is refiecred in the mormons sale j crobe. after which the natural beauty and abundance
of Newbro's Herpicide. Discriminating ladies becoxne | of the hair will return as nature intended. Almost
entlmi-iastic over its refreshing quality and exquisite marvelous results follow the use of Herpicide: Gen-
fraeranoe. j tlemen will find Xewbro's Herpicide in use at all im-
A WOMAN TO BE PRETTY rnu>t have prettv portsnt barber shops.
hair. The features may be quite plain or even home- STOPS ITCHING OF THE SCALP INSTANTLY.
1v. vet if the head i< crowned with an abundance of FEOJIKJEOT DEHTI3T XTSES XT.
beautiful hair.^ attractiveness will not be lackinvr. The **I have tried your Herpicide in my family and.
Poet says: *'F.iir tresses man's imperial race ensnare." find it an excellent preparation for use on the scalp.
Herpicide «ives the hair a charming disiinctivenes? The ingre'dients indicated in the formula are certainly
thr,t is characteristic of no other hair dressinc- such as ought to bring about the results vou claim."
DISEASED HAIR A MISFORTUNE. Unsijrhtlv Petaluma. Cal. (Signed.) C. P.'BATES.
or diseased hsir is a misfortune in more wavs than THOUBAJTDS IiTTCR THIS.
one. There is the actual injury to the hair follicles. "I regard your Herpicide as a
and the consequent loss or thinnin? of specific for dandruff and falling hair. t$fe$^37
Ii •¦«.,; the hair: this may ca\i«e diseases that as it cured me of a very bad case of
JJ'|i| Jfei^; sometimes follow a removal or thin- dandrufi", and I will recommend and /f^SSwY X'^
j^'T^^-M n' n ? °f nature's protection to the sell it as the best thing of its kind on /ffiWWl^l^
S** 1 ***** head. A diseased condition of the the market/'
hair affects a woman's disposition to a (Signed.") B. D. BROWN. V^k1M»
AX LEADING DRUG STORES, ;5
Or Sent Prepaid from Detroit. Mich., on Receipt of SI. OO )1^§^^
§At Drug Stores Jl.oO. Send 1(V in stamps «j THE HERPICIDE CO..' I)*- •\^\^yji^
trolt. Micb.. ror Rample. A Vsl^MWl
"Destroy the Cause— You Remove the Effect." i *K^££2 /
A Healthy Hair. 1 li 1 ! c ?i!i i i? y Hair>
. ADVEBTISEMOKTaL
SlIP INTO W^^^^l
you could' wish.
Richmond range in the kitchen. Round oak extension table, heavy handsome chairs, g
Sterlipg made upholstery. S
A year's time in which to pay the $150.00. - '
Japanese Linen Warp Mat- Enameled Kitchen Ware. Brusselette Carpets in Two-
tings, 15c" Yard. 7 some of the best we have ever had Tone Reds and Greens.
They como In the prettiest of color- ¦ ' *® ' °**I* t Ti 1 , e^ wa^ e J s , m^ de °' heav y it's the prettiest, as well as the
ings. Patterns quite as pretty as you fJI^fA,^ fUl.tS^fJSi & eP T^ Ue «° n least expensive carpeting to be had.
usually find at 25c or 30c a yard. ' ¦¦ , the outside, pure white Inside. The cov- i" £ not a Brussels, as the name
Not .too early to buy your summer ers are enameled as wellas the rest. wou ld imply, but It la woven to close-
floor covering, and it's a price oppor- 1-pint Teapots .....85a ly. resemble Brussels. There is much
tunity that will not last long. m-pint Teapots 30o more wear In it than in the cheap
ca^'on^seTlThS^ ¦ Teapots 3|c ; f rade a^ Bruwd^gd^r appear-
rOl A S o mail or telephoneorders accept-' \ !^-Quarf "saucf ™kk \ \ ; V£& *°™ Z?™?*
ed. 2-quart Sauce Pan. .. . . . .350 LAID AT 45c A YARD.
WHY DISCARD YOUR UPHOLSTERY WHEN IT SHOWS
sims 0F WEAR?
'^'^^^S I In ncarly V erv Ilome there is some piece of upholstery, couch, chair or sofa s<et-
5 tin^ shabby, covers- are worn or springs displaced. |
» "^ti ! ci§ ot necessar >* to discard it. Not necessary to replace it with new.
I :~es^ ifij ; At a comparatively small expense it can be re-covered, the frame repolished and be
> H J "*i * - ij^* ; made practically new furniture. ¦"•-'•¦/
: .'^iClfi^ti: Wc manufacture all the upholstcrv and mattresses we sell— have this five-story
? ;j|5* :i^3 buildina for that express purpose.
; H^i : f^P~ W c re-cover old upholstery and make over old mattresses.
' II ' ts a mat tress we'll get it in the morning and return it practically a new mattress
JliSKi atniRht -
fi-^ld^l If upholstery is to be re-covered we'll send a man "who knows" to your house to
? E 52* R " [53: show you samples of coverings and give you an estimate on the. cost.
NCQllj2i3l^*J '¦ -"'.-¦f > - MAY SAVE YOU MANY DOLLARS^
\S^^^r^7^^m $ 185 for the Crib. Library Table, $24.50. |IE^>Jljj
te^^SlWSai Can>t Sa> ' mUCh> f ° r U ' S a Another Mission type. Wt^^^^U
%Q/f) : I wHJa^ffSm >'" '&?*'¦ WSi beauty, but for strength and Made of huge oaken yft^^^^K^^TCi
Oft utility it's equal to many planks, nearly two inches ffijj , -.iT.-;.7 lg7^^ if T&y^^^
K-^^-:^.^^^:}^MS3^iWJ '"Kh^y priced ones. long'and "tMrty'inches wfde g^Smjr^-- L,U«j»>
lu k "' m\ ade of . ™ a V 1(i - w ire —made of one massive BU RS??!*^ 1^ * -J'f^.fS
jf" S ; '^- 1 'A'eTrfcT if; \ .R] maUre! " 3 attached. plank. Quarter sawed grain, || W&gg&l ': * 1^23
m y-^-^*lUJ^ BV\| s V tm I L °S 3 fold under; leaves it weathered finish. All join- irf r^^^^imfiSnii% .VTf
ItcstsiT——- ; '^l^Jia»^'iWi on castors — like a trundle- inga are tennoned and b«- J^g .>l^,v' -:^i'^s^-'- v^^*| i
to Credit. S^S
cie that will be gladly wei- Furnishing a home is not the formidable . A K e %Z\ ??£%&£ ™ O rl
corned in small rooms. , . ,. ¦ ** . . . , , . ,. .. . -.-; dresser that Is growing more
Beauty as well as econ- Undertaking that most people believe it tO be. popular dally.
TJ^r r %T'^t^ h s&l e . The cottage demonstrates that fact, to him- al ™t e^uch n r^m : i?rhe
ards and the arrangement dreds dailv * wo drawers as is found in
of the top make a pleasing ' J ' ' the three-drawer bureau.
ef So C Hd oak, finished golden, f Why not give a housewarming? ' | p^l^linchea
v , ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE REQUISITE AT SMART FUNCTIONS
I I GIANT STRIDES?
& rfe? Records Broken
Gh* DISTINCTLY HIGH QUALITY
MOET <& CHANDON
"White Seal** Ch>mpa s ny
fjjgglgpPsI fiBpyslSBk Messrs. Moet & Chandoo own more vineyards
\ilgjW t&Jigat n *" e ' cac^ in 8 Champion? hoo»« eombinc-J
JroHBjd^/Sra^^JSH m1 " <funn| ** *'** |CW **•
* °->S^i^|' "WHITE SEAL*'
William Wolff, & Go. paofk: coast agents San Francisco, Cal.
THE -REQUISITE AT 'JWART rUNCll6w».Continued' on Page 30, Column 4.
the launching of the California at the
Union Iron Works at 10:30 a. m. on the
day of the auction the sale will not
take place until 12:30 o'clock. This will
give those who go to the launching
ample time to reach the salesroom.
The C. II. Wooster Company
will hold an Important auction
sale of villa lots at Palo
Alto on Saturday, May 7. A special
excursion train has been char
tered, which will leave the Third and
Townsend streets depot at 10:15 a. m.
May 7. The excursionists will be
treated to a ride through Palo Alto
and the grounds of the Stanford Uni
versity, after which a lunch will be
served on the ground to be sold under
the beautiful oak trees, which are
abundant on this property.
Baldwin, Howell & Co. will run an
excursion *to Santa Cruz on Saturday,
May 7, and will auction off fine build
ing lots in the Cottage City tract and
the Seabright Addition, adjacent to the
property of the Santa Cruz Cottage
and Tent City Corporation. There will
street. 100 feet north of Oak, 37:6x
100, with new building containing six
flats, for $19,500; lot on the north side
of Howard street, 120 feet east of
Third, three different owners, $27,500;
northeast corner of Twenty-third and
Castro streets, 26:6x105. Fernando
Xelson to T. F. Robinson, $6650; lot
on the east side of Eighteenth avenue,
96 feet south of California street, 25x
120 feet, $500; lot and improvements
at 310 Valley street, Louis Metzger to
Mrs. Steers. $1850; lot on the south
8ide of Frederick street, 100 feet west
of Clayton, 25x100 feet, to John Burns,
$1800; east line of Third avenue, 50
feet south of A street, 50x95 feet,
$2200; lot on the east side of Third
avenue, 325 feet north of A street,
25x120 feet, $1050; west side ot Third
avenue, 50 feet south of B street,
50x95 feet, $2350; northwest corner
of Fourth avenue and A street, 32:6x
100 feet, $2000. In Mill Valley— Lot
11, block A, to Elizabeth Arnott. for
$500; lot 3, block 16, to F. J. Coover,
for $600.
Minor sales have been .made* by
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co. as follows:
For B. W. Fabian, lot and improve
ments on the north line of Pine street,
77:6 feet west of Stockton, 41:8x59:6,
for $8250; for Mrs. C. Oppenheimer.
lot and residence on the south line of
Washington street, 68:9 west of Web
ster, 25:3xl27:SVi, for $7750. in co
operation with Madison & Burke, who
acted for the purchaser; for Theodore
Blankenberg, lot and residence on the
north line of Ellis street, 200 feet west
of Laguna, 25x120, for $7700; for Mrs.
S. B. Melons, lot on the northeast
corner of Sixteenth and Church streets,
69:6x75, for $6500; for E. P. Gray, lot
on the north line of. Clay street, 34:4%
feet east of Maple, 34:4%xl00, for
$4750; for Mrs. Ida Heins, lot on the
south line of Green street, 137:8 feet
west of Fillmore, 27:6x137:6, for
$1850; for Mrs. S. B. Melone, lot on
the east line of Valencia street, 250
feet south of -Fourteenth, 25x^00, for
$4750.
HO3IES, STORES, FLATS.
It. D. Cranston & Sons have closed
the following recent sales: For John L.
A. Jaunet to Ellen W. Jones, two flats
on the south line of Clara street, 116
feet east of Sixth, 20:2x80 feet; four
flats on the north line of Waller street,
near Clayton, for John, Hoots to An
d,rew Donovan. 50x100 feet; four flats
on the east line of Dore street, 315 feet
south of Bryant, lot 25x80 feet, for
Richard O'Connor to Mary Cavanagh;
for Thomas Vodden to Gertrude Ste
phens, lot on the east line of Ashbury
street, 50 feet south of Page, and three
new, flats thereon; lot on the east line
of Ashbury street, 125 feet south of
Haight, for Matil&a Brutscher to
Thomas Vodden. ;
John Stlerlen having just completed
four houses on the easWine of Clayton
street. 610 feet south of ; Frederick^ has
sold the last of them through R. D.
Cranston &' Sons to Van Home. L.
Wood of NewZealand.
- Sales are reported ; by } Easton. Eld
ride & Co. as follows:. For John Span
ton to Mrs.. Cecelia. Unger,' lot and im
provements, consisting of stores y and
flats, on the east line: of '•¦ Devisadero
street, 62:6 feet north of Sutter. No. 1708;
for ' C. Peters to Johanna Sheehan, j lot
on the north line of t Eighteenth street,
60 feet east" of Hattie, 25x75" feet. \ for
$1000; for Hutshing to a client, lot and
two-story frame dwelling on the south
line of Sacramento street, 165 feet east
of Baker, 3019 Sacramento street, for
$6350; for Dr: Winslow Anderson to
Henry G. W. Dinkelspeil, lot and resi
dence thereon on the south line of Pa
cific avenue, 87:6 feet east of Laguna
street, 25x127 feet, for $10,000; for the
estate .of Lily Stedman Wellick, de
ceased, lot and improvements on the
west line of Dolocgs street, 70 fet north
of Seventeenth, 64x100 feet, Nos. 386 to
390, to G. Bruns, for $7000; for Mrs.
Isabella Currle to J. C. Nathanson of
Santa Rosa, lot on the north line of
Waller street, 25 feet west of Belvedere,
25x100 feet, for $2300; for Mrs. E. Mc-
Caffery to William G. Wohlstein, house
and lot on the south line of Twentieth
street, 130 feet east of Dolores, lot No.
3773; for 'Mrs. W. English to B. P.
Lapachet, lot and two flats on the
north line of Fell street, 81 feet west of
Lyon, 25x100 feet, Nos. 1520-1522. for
$5850; for Edna Malmgrem to Miss Ju«
tina J/ Glennie, lot on the west line of
Forty-seventh avenue, 147 feet south of
K street, 25x100 feet, for $2500.
Ganco, Gunz & Co. made the fol
lowing sales: For Mrs. I. Linne. two
modern flats o"n*~the south side of
Union street, 115 feet east of Fillmore,
lot 30x100 feet, for $6500; for L Poli
dore, 64 Rausch street, southwest line,
200 feet northwest of Folsom, lot 25x80,
with store arid two flats. $5500; for Mrs.
I. Bush, the residence at 1420 Larkin
street, 25:6 feet south of Sacramento,
lot 25x100, $8000; for C. W. Hogan,
two flats at 1030-1030% Alabama
street, west line, near Twenty-third,
lot 25x100. $2250; for Mrs. Ichel, .10
Ford street, north line, 150 feet west
of Sanchez, lot 25x114 and cottage of
five rooms and bath, $3000; for . H.
Acheson, the home at 5 Tremont'ave
nue, west lipe, near Waller, lot 25x80
feet, for $2900, and for Mrs. Fitzpat
rick, 509 Grove street. 105 feet west of
Octavia, lot 25x120, with improve
ments, for $5100. Ganco, Gunz & Co.
have leaved additional space at 634
Market street.
The following sales are reported by
Sol Getz & Son: Lot 50x120 feet on the
west side of Forty-seventh avenue, 200
feet north of L street, to L. Decker;
32:6x100, on the southwest corner of
Forty-sixth avenue and H street to
George Sack for $2250; 25x120 feet on
the east line of Forty-sixth avenue, 200
south of H street, to W. A. Smith for
$800; 25x120 feet on the west side of
Forty-sixth avenue, 275 feet south of
H street, to A, Terkel for $800; 45x100
on the southwest corner of Thirty
seventh avenue and B street, to W. J.
Goldman; 25x120 on the west side of
Forty-fourth avenue, 250"south of U
street, to Alice I. Myers; 25x120 feet,
on the west line of Forty-sixth avenue,
250 north of I street, to J. P. Horgan
for $S00,'and 25x240 on the east line
of Forty-fifth avenue, 100 south of- U
street, to A. E. Betts.
Oscar Heyman reports that he has
sold the following properties: North
west corner of Lombard and Mason
streets, 82:6x60 feet, for $3000; three
lots, each* 25x100, on the south line of
Chenery street, 113:6 west of Roanoke,
for $1800; two lots on Corbett avenue
and Eighteenth streets for $750, and
one lot on the corner of Fourteenth
avenue and J street for $750. Hey
man has bought the southeast corner
of Vermont and . Twenty-fifth streets,
consisting of ten lots, and will build
cottages thereon; he is lauildins two
cottages on Burrows and Girard
streets.'
Louis Frledlander has sold to Jorge
de Urioste the northwest corner of Van
Ness and Golden Gate avenues, 85x109
feet, as the site of a ten-story hotel,
for $70,000. Urioste has sold : to * Fried-,
lander the southeast corner of Fell and
Franklin" streets,' for* $25,000. The lot is
55x120 feet.
John 1 Rosenfeld's Sons have sold to
Heririan and Theresa Aaher,' the -south
west corner of Montgomery and ; Mer
chant streets, '40x137:6 feet, for $60,000,
through Marion ' Leventritt.-
Jonathan- Swelgert^ has the
northeast corner of • Pacific ' and Mont
gomery streets, 137:6x137:6 feot,_with an
L, for $36,500. x _
A. Ruef has sold to axcHent of Marion
Leventritt the southeast corner ot
Grant avenue and Berry , place, . 20x60
feet, with , five-story and .basement
building, for, $55,000.
Through, the agency of Shainwald,
Buckbee & Co. the flve-story and base
ment brick; building at Howard street
and-Malden place, east .of. Second
street,. has. been leased for five years to
J. S. Dinkelspiel for $18,000 for the term.
AUCTION MARKET.-
: : G.rH. ; Umbsen & Co. will auction real
estate to-morrow. : . offering . for sale the
following properties: . Premises at 339
Ca'pp street; a lot 240x160 fronting
on Coso, Preclta. and Bernal avenues,
and a ranch of " 385 ' acres in , Alameda
County; lots and flats at 1310 and 1310%
Ellis street : ; flats : at . 1120 arid 1122 Tay
lor street;" flats at .79, and/ 81 Pleasant
street; business; "p'rogerty. at 1213, 1215
and 12X7 ; Folsom : street ; a colonial',resi- ;
dence at 2227 Union street : { flats -at .717
and ;,719 Waller/and "at ' 303 '. and '? 303V»
D'aviaadero Tstreet;" a" Tot*" 50x122:6 r feet
and cottage at 2650 Harrison street, and
the lot and improvements on the north
west corner of Jersey and Vicksburg
streets, i
On Thursday next, the 28th inst.,
Baldwin & Howell will sell at auction
sixty-three lots on Parnassus Heights.
The heights face the most attractive
and popular portion of Golden Gate
Park, ..being close to the recreation
grounds, the children's playground, the
music stand and the beautiful Stow
Lake. A fine sewer system baa been
constructed In Parnassus Heights and
the streets are all paved with bitumin
ous rock. Granite curbs and artificial
stone sidewalks surround all of the
blocks. The sixty-three j lots to be of
fered at this auction front on Hugo and
I streets and First, Second and Third
avenues. The terms of the sale require
a cash payment of 10 per cent, and the
balance can 'be paid in nine semi-an
nual payments, with interest at 6 per
cent Der annum. The California Title
Insurance and Trust Company will is
sue policies of title insurance to pur
chasers at the rate of $10 per lot. Bald
win & Howell announce that owing to
Savings and Loan Society, lot 30x70,
irregular, on the north line of Monte
zuma street, J>3 east of Coso avenue,
for $930.
Sales are reported as follows by the
C. M. Wooster Company: For Marga
ret McDonnell to William Schilling, lot
and improvements on. southerly line of
Clay street, 140 feet east of.FIllmore,
25x127:4^ feet, fcr $4500; for Joseph Fer
rea, lot and improvements on the west
line of San Jose avenue, north of Octa
via street, 50x117 feet, for $1000; for Jo
seph Ferrea. lot and improvements on
north line of San Jose avenue, east of
Jarnac street, 25x94 feet, for $500; for
F. S. Meyers to John .and Ann Burke,
lot and improvements on the southerly
line of Harrison street, 90 feet west of
Sixth. 23x73 feet, for $7000; to H. Rei
gle, 75x120 feet on the westerly line of
Eighteenth avenue, 175 feet north of
Lake street, for $2500; for J. H. Board
man to Mrs. Rosa Olsen, lot and im
provem«nts on the easterly line of
Church street, south of Twenty-third,
25x75 feet, for $7250; for G. H. Hanson
to F. W. Goetze, lot and improvements
on the easterly line of Fair Oaks street,
213:6 feet south of Twenty-second, 30: 6x
117:6 feet, for $3625; for,' Elizabeth Dur
kee to W. F. Krueger, lot on the west
erly line of Hampshire street, 200 feet
south of Twenty-fif rtr, , 40x100 feet, j for
$750; for Frank S. Emrnal to Mrs. De
lia Fallon, lot and improvements on the
easterly line of Jones street, between
Geary and Post, 25x90 feet: to R. P.
Christian, lot and improvements on the
west line of Diamond street, 223 feet
south of ' Eighteenth, 25x125 feet, for
$!500; for J. G. Ersin to Miss Lucia
Price, lot on northeast line of Juniper
street, 387:6 feet south of Folsom, 25x80
feet, for $1000; for J. N. Shurburne to
O. L. Scott, lot and improvements on
the south line of California street, 23
feet east of Second avenue, 23xG0 feet,
for $3000: for Mary E. Doran to B. F.
Currier, lot and improvements on the
west line of Lyon street, 80 feet north
of California, 27:8%xl00 feet, for $3200;
for Mrs. C. Zoberblerto Dr. J. K. War
ner, lot and improvements on the west
line of Lyon street. . 100 feet north of
Haight, 25x100 feet, for $10,000; for J.
S. Purcell, flat on the northeast line of
Harriett street, 125 feet - southeast' of
Bryant. 25x75 feet; for 12200; to Jessie
W. Robson, lot and improvements on
the southeast corner of Minna and Ju
lia streets, 10Qx80 feet for $15,000; for
Mrs. C. Kleinhammer, *ot and, improve
ments on the east, line of Folsom street,
237:6 feet south of Twenty-second, 22:6x
122:6 feet. for. $4100; to Edward W.
Stadimuller, lot on east line' of Nine
teenth avenue, 125 feet ; north of Lake
street, 50x120 feet, for $16^00; to C. W.
Hollis, fiats and stores on; the south
line of Fulton street, 84 feet west of
Buchanan, .27:6x87:6 feet, for $7350; for
Louise C. Diggins to Daniel^O'Sullivari,
lot on the north 'line, of Sutter street.
122 feet east of •"• Broderlck, • £4:3x137:6
feet, for $10,250; for Mrs. E.'Hendrick
son to F. J. Stuparich," lot' arid im
provements on the northeast corner of
Vallejo and White streets, 56x65:6 feet,
for $5250; -for August Steinmentz to
Charles Katz. lot and improvements on
the north line of Brannan street, 090
feet east of Fifth, 30x160 feet
Sales are reported by^ Lyon & : Hoag
as follows:' C. J. Cranston to Miss H.
Cewta, lot on the west side of Scott
FIND NEW OWNERS.
"The demand for moderate sized prop
erties in Sun Francisco remains strong.
Many transactions are taking place.
The prices at which large properties
are held prevents the making of nu
merous deaJs in that direction. Build-
Ing operations are on a good scale.
Among the structures that are soon
to be erected are a $100,000 building
for O. D. Baldwin on the southeast
corner of Post and "William streets;
¥ five-story brick apartment house on
the north line of O'Farrell street, east
of Leavenworth, to cost $60,000, for E.
Brand; a six-story hotel 1 on the north
line of Eddy street, between Jones and
I^eaven worth, for F. Oscr, to cost $55,
000; nine flats for Robert Downing on
the southwest corner of O'Farrell and
I*aguna streets, to cost $25,000; a four-
Ftory apartment house on the north
line of Ellis street, 150 feet from Lar
kin. for William H. Deming, to cost
$33,000; a three-story and basement
apartment house for the estate of I.
W. Lees on the north line of Pine
*trert. between Taylor and Jones, to
cost $20,000; flats to cost $30,000 for Fa
bian Joost on the north line of Fulton
street, 100 feet from Polk; a eix-
Ftory apartment building on the south
I:nr> of Sutter street, west of Jones, to
copt $S5.000, for I. Schwartz and S.
Diesbeeker, and an apartment house
for A. W. Wilson on the south line
<>f Sacramento street, west c<f Octavia
r.nd facing Lafayette Square, to- ..cost
$75,000. .
Many building? of good size are in
charge of the architects to prepare
plans or in the early stages of con
struction. *
DETAILS OF SALES
Florin L. .Jo-nes & Co. have sold for
the account of Robert Pieper to Fred
fa lion the southwest corner of Oak
and Cole streets, 56:3x100 feet, with
jilneteen flats bringing in a rental of
f*447 a month; to the' account of Mary
'A. McCormack. the southeast corner
j'f. Hyd* and Vallejo streets, 48x76:9
feet, for $12,000 to a client; to the ac
count of John L. Haskell the north
oast corner of Van Ness avenue and
Green street, 45x125 feci, to Robert
Pieper- /j.>r $20,001*. Sir. Pieper is get
ting out*l>lans for a magnificent apart
ment house on this choice corner.
Through the agency of Shainwald,
'JRur-kbee & Co., the Century Club has
b'baght from L. S. Pease the residence
jjroperty on .the southwest corner of
Franklin and Sutter streets as the site
of a clubhouse and auditorium. The
Hub has been located on Sutter street,
between Polk street and Van Ness ave
nue. The price paid for the property
just acquired for the club is $30,000.
<jl. H. Umbsen & Co. report among
utters the following recent sales: For
Mrs. J. K. Culverwell, lot 23:9x120 on
the south line of Ellis street, 154:9 feet
west of -Buchanan, for 56400; for the
Hi hernia Savings and J^oan Society,
southwest corner of Chestnut and Bu
chanan streets. 110x120. for $4000; for
the Savings and Loan Society, Alameda
property, 1252 Broadway, on the east
line. 77 feet south of Encinal avenue,
50x140:2. for.52S00; for Emma Hunt, im
provements at 21 Welsh street, on the
southeast line, 210 feet northeast of
Fourth, 20x80, for" $2700; for Mrs. M.
Fogarty, 25x77:5 on the north line of
McAllister street, S2:6 feet east of Cen
tral avenue, for 52050; for the Savings
and L(;in Society, lot 25:10x114, on the
southwest corner of Twenty-sixth and
Castro streets, $700; for the Savings
and Loan Society, lot 33x100 on the
northwest corner of Twenty-fifth and
Douglass streets, for $500; for the Sav
ings and Loan Society, northeast cor
ner of Montezuma street and Coso and
Bcrnal avenues, for ?450; for the
With tlic Passing of the
Bains People Are Begin
ning to 3Iake Investment
NUMEROUS SMALL SALES
Brokers Eeport Active Mar
ket and Transactions of
Some Size Are Kecorded
DEALS IN CITY
REAL ESTATE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 190^
29
ADVTBTISEMENTS.
Cures Crip arid
• ,
Humphreys' Specifics cure, by acting
directly on the sick, parts without dis-
turbing the rest of the system.
No. 1 for Fevers. .
No. 2 " Worms.
No. 3 "' Teething.
No. 4 " Diarrhea...
- No. " 8. " Neuralgia ...
1 ; No, "; 9 ;."-;" Headaches. .
No.^10 " Dyspepsia. ..' . \
No/ 14 ." The Skin:;/ ':
No. 15 -'". "Rheumatism. ¦'',
. No. 16. "Malaria.
.- No. 20- ", '.. Whooping. Cough.
•• No. 27 - " Tho Kidneys. ;
v ; No.^30.;,^ • The Bladder.'^
At Hil JBSlstB 1 . 23 cent* each or. mailed.
Cloth Bound Book mailed f rce. ' \v , .
"! Humphreys' - Med.^ Co.. Cor. WilUam & John
BtreeU. N«w Yoc* BMB •"'"'
GUAPE-KUTS.
HAS A SAY
The School Principal Talks Aboat
. Food.
* The principal of a high school In a
flourishing California city rays:
'-'For 23 years I worked in the school
with only short summer vacations. I
formed the habit of eating rapidly,
masti^atod poorly, which, coupled with
my eedentary work, ied to indigestion,
liver trouble. ,1ame back and rheuma-
tism.
"Upon consulting physicians, some
doped me with drug3, while others pre-
scribed dieting, and sometimes I got
temporary relief, other times not. For
12 years I struggled along with this
handicap to my work, seldom laid up,
but often a burden to myself with
lameness and rheumatic pains.
"Two years ago I met an old friend,
a physician, who noticed at once my
out of health condition "and who pre-
ecribed for me an exclusive diet of
drape-Nuts, milk and fruit.
"I followed his instructions, and in
two months I felt like a new man, with
no more headaches, rheumatism or liv-
er tremble, and from that time to this
Grape-N'uts has been my main food for
morning and evening meals. Am
stronger and healthier than I have been
for years, without a trace of the old
troubles.
"Judging from my present vigorous
physical and mental state, I tell my
people Methuselah may yet have to
take sectrnd place among: the old men,
for I feel like I will live a great many
more years.
"To all this remarkable change in
health I am indebted to my wise friend
and Grape-Nuts, and I hope the Pos-
tum Company will continue to manu-
facture this life and health giving food
fpr several centuries yet. until I move
to a world where indigestion is un-
known." Name given by Postum Co.,
Battle Creek, Mich.
Ask any physician what he knows
about Grape-Nuts. Those who have |
tried It know things.
"There's a reason."
L«ook In each package for the famous
little book. "The Road to W«UvlIl«. N
JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | * JOE ROSENBERG'S; | ! J ? T V ROSENBERG'S. ¦.,[¦:.. J - -v JOE . ...
: :« ": . ".:;" ; : - : Vt" *V f\ - "' : • . Here Is Some of the Prettfest' Ladies' '
(iykULD MAIDS, YOUNG MAIDS , 515TER5, WIVES
««*££%!4eg2^^£2£KSg|j^^ , - VfeJPIkWtffcM MM, tt II IBM mm Mm Him 1 ft '¦ • ; '*a' : - : on neav y butcher linen in heavy
' '—^MJXL^S&^iifim *' \^ MMfl B 1%«O| » •»¦ Mpivm BBllirn PiiTTIlBS V B MjGF M &J& Jv hand embroidered patterns 19c
<^gsS^^S^3S T D fa Hi* AT THF &J&$il»r Ul I IPH i BJSmMjS tkjf ladies-collar and cuffs
1KAUL AI lUL rilluL vU i ILnv* iw/Ylr :>^ssrwA "ssssSh eu a
1H TH£8E mST BE SOME GOOD MASON Ff//f ;
M^^^^^. > "' r,,, . .--.-.- . ' , „- • i" t_- i ~ , ' *v '•.»¦; ti LADIES' OV'ERCOLI^\R AND
M^^^^^. ¦ ¦ Women Complain l" ls 1S onc store that does not buy up cheap stuff with which to make splurges, yve hold TAB — Made of Point d'Aiencia
£^l£^MW*kL Tliat tlieir hose support- firmly to the belief that goods of' the highest quality ; are the cheapest by -far in the long, run, and j™£; in p^°™ er ' leaf and Grecian .,<^
J^^^^^^^^^SL crs tear their hosiery nnd the steady growth in our business provesbeyohd a doubt that San Francisco and. vicinities approve . • ' *" tC
"kISS? 1 \5Z, aS* of the Price Cutter's policy. Wage-earners and those 1 of moderate means, as well as those who can . .Of COUTSe YOfl Haie Used a Hairbrush,
)^^^V»|*t%**^^^^, dominai reducer' and indulge in the luxuries of life, all come here because they have been assured time and time again that But we doubt If. you have ever used
iP^/i'l'IV^^l cut'pad td V n t t 1 sniiKly C ov" ¦'¦ ' \ ' .. ' - ~ ; : '}'¦ . wood back, no.,ven^r to
il^P!>Xv:*a^^ s?rarf g bd r e 2xtm th he f a " Corsets — 6obd Ones. Are You PLpariDg to Make Your Summer - Our Spring Wrappers Have Arrived S : e cZAonlnsSe SSSi Si!
elastic attached; buckle .That's the only kind you'll find in '...;¦ DreSSBS ? And there is a mighty pretty assort- solutely unaffected by water; pure
|?^^i**^.V.V.V.%Jl|iis5^ and button clasps. They our store. ,, . •»«••• meht. Cotton materials are advhnc- non-tarnlshing -aluminum face; al-
&^'^**i*. # .V.V.*.*^^^^ come in red. black, pink C. B. a LA SPIRITE— The new If so l.rrc nrc some a.rrs that Jnff , so you had better .buy these W» keeps clean; pure bristles
*^^M and blue. Have our French shapes, made of XX sateen; "'" P.lea«e your eyes, also jour now when you can get them, at a nrmly anchored in waterproof com-
fe^i%%%V.V.'. # i^^^M salespeople demonstrate low bust and straight front. Prin- pn ™\^JL . ¦„„ ,. low price. .; /..-' . position; light and dark wood backs.
# .V.%OTiiiiiilil v ¦•" : - to you and you will ap- toss hip and double rust-proof side . IH.ACK AIiLOVER NET — 18 Here, is one. to , tell you how rea- y m »e demonstrated in our notion
b^f^S ** •% % 9 *°S**S<f*%**S?¥^3 predate their real worth steels. Trimmed with wide lace inches wide, in spider web and sonable we are selling- them. . It is deparment On sale— price 5Oc
and ribbon run-- through. For floral patterns; made of mercerized ma de of a heavy quality of percale, , r M( ,,» c t.
B|i%|^XVJUV.£V«V,iiI*V§|ll „ . r , . medium and slender figures, here is • thread..- .Do not Judge the quality with fancy epaulettes over the shoul- . tXpen SOODDSrS
jrof£%VAV«Vi - »V«S\H& Hair FlXingS. a corset for you at. . . . . . . . 91.OO by x^P ri A c^- t ; • ' • '•• I -tZ™ £Z ders-and deep flounce. Cuff, collar Call us the ribbon ; store. There
E^5V.ViV.aViV.B'iM We can proudly say \V. B. CORSET— For the medium T ,^.?/P/ A^I?\ v^* flounce trimmed with a. fancy must be some reason- why. Hero
BV^^^.V.V.V.V.^fii* «^^^ that our jissortmeut is or r.tout figure; straight front, cir- IRAKIS IjACK AXD INSERTIONS — band of the same material. Tight are some new spring ribbons priced
f » «_ l :» c »^» # ».» r # . # .l > # .*. # .*.!^'. -^ia complete and om- price h cular c-ut and hand pored; lace > or summer dresses pr underwear; fitting lining. Full widths and' lib- low. .......
L' • w m .H K^ m ,', '•'*'•%'•'•'•* m^^»*m^A little lower than we have trimmed top and bottom. In pink, from one-half to two inches wide. erally made. You will appreciate Ali^-SIUt SATIV TAFFFTA
/V«V*%%V. . . • • • «^ .Mfci?! usually paid. blue/ drub, white and black. Price.. Twenty different patterns to choose these for their low price and good Five inches wide or sash ribbon
BACK COMB OR • :V.*1.66 tr »™; R *^ ;**?¦: •.... : ; fl^Q dth . Jn - pInkt ° b r lu r c ard b iSa"
«r« •**3=».» • • • ¦!• • • •.*liSLj2 < Sii!s it \ i r> ¦ritt\ivit i h KOYATj WORCESTER (The ffen- iORLHOA JjACK 'AND INSIjR- .' ' ••_-, ¦•¦ • - •¦ • ' . .*.''¦*> •• 'white or ¦"black" 1 ' ¦ • • *»t«
£iV,%:^W.X.%V<.:<^>Hit Made of eim, hlu" ulnJ^ kind)-For ' mediun/ or sfout TIONS-Made of English thread in Being i ?Mm& CUStOmef teor^ck.'. _, c
jpMJ%®g>>*:#:*:«:-^^B:^a Itallan heU curved> IiffU -T; J lad r ° f ""ported sateen; ™ e e^ a ? f . t y t d hr J e e^Mw1de Sey Of one of the largest Eastern shirt YOU Can't Imagine
Ji» # . c «'.*r^**V. # .'-^V.*.5?^i3|*!^4 shaped kind that lit straight front prim-ess h p. urn- in looks but notTotn^ce .waist manufacturers, they sold to us ' How ornamental an Old Father
@W,Mi',V»V*V^gt\B -""Sly to your head: brella cut and hand I, gored. Lace are real in looks, but not so in_price s ( , They are Tirne Clock Is to a ha 1 or room
>>>ri5^n%%Vl%'liiillii«^ r »f heavy shell. with sides and abdominal reducing front For your summer outing trips? You . satin damask and Persian vestingsj chains; price " -"f
V^J^!. > ii»!4Sr-l**.*« 1^'«*«'^^^^?O^ smooth teeth; the kind i'rice "? 1<l)U had better fil«« your claim for one of some hemstitched. .Spanish work. On mIp In mir mV^'J. i
VMTdWi iii k^^^m^^^^^l that will not scratch or Sale OFarrell-street . Entrance. these, as they will be sold at an un- tucked, and others hand embrold- "n gate in our Bargain baaenr | .
ytB^^^^^^^W~*W pull your hair out; in , , , Wnm , B usually low price. ered. To those who are looking for |f YOU WanttO Rfinlpnkh Yntir WaH.^.o
Xes&g§~&& : r amber, tortoise shell or A VVOIUHIl . They are made of English cheviot some very rich waists here are some '. . ' iic|iicinan IUUI ridlUuUg
black: a pair 2."»<« Csm never have too many handker- and homespun, some corded and far underpriced: //JmTii "^ son . lc ff° w 'ns at nn un-
/E^& &£$&K. SHKM; HAIR PINS — chiefs on hand. Why not take the others graduated flounces, also tailor $2.00 quality; sample price- -81 .'jr. ", * lm J Drlcc -
F*S>1 Extra tine polish, crin- opportunity of some of those when strapped seams. They fit and hang $2.50 quality; Rample price. .$1.:>O , I ? ot New Tork mill muslin,
€4*13$ S^^r kled ..teeth, three inches you can ?et them at such low prices. as they should. In brown, gray and $3.00 quality; sample price. .8 1 .OS wlthtne n^w dell yoke effect, with
>Sgil WOT long;^ made of Italian LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS— navy. They came our way so that $5.00 quality; rimple price. .$2.95 1S hemstitched • tucks; cuffs, yoke-
\& , shell; each 2e Ma de of good heavy lawn, hem- we are able to sell them for one-half . ..: and collar finfshed with embroidery :
laHiec* (nmmiir llniforwoir Tn 4h. D,rfi B nl,r Wnm.n stitched. At. .......... .Apiece 2e price. We wi^you to come and KaVC YOU Efgr Used tllfi MagIC US On - ruffle ' Pnc e . • 73c
Ladies summer underwear. To the Particular woman. indies* haxdkercihkfs— inspect these and see if this is not u,n n . o upm'* in A 4h a r *
You might as well buy them now. Here is aB Iovc-fittln ff , hip form Made of sheer fawn. Valenciennes the store that advertises facts.^Our , Or KaiIRS t : »h«l J hi ,
Yon will pa v more later on and the that you should have your new sum- lace trimmed. Price ...... ."Jc P"ce Jf>~.*\f Made expressly for millinery pur- A °r mese cniiiy mornings.
aH^ortiiKiit will not be so eommetc mw dresses fitted over. SADIES' -HANDKERCHIEFS—. < , 9lI j 0 - poses and neckwear, \« :v Made of steam-shrunk flannelette.
T<imi uum-H! «V " rounds out the figure and gives Made of sheer shamrock linen, nar- . L3dleS, ;, . The kind that does not crush W L h ' °n ed y ° k i' * qUare effect:
Swiss^ kn td AbHc umbr7ll« shane the desired effect for prevailing row hemstitched. with a small , Just received some new Ideas . in easily; made by a certain process fSB^f 0 ;!?' * nd , yoke feather
iSn«o!Lrt «ith , « t^^ inrh widi fashigns. Light in weight; only hand-made initial. Price 10c Indies'. Underwear. expressly for us; in pink. blue. st^ ch^ trimmed; in white only..
rroohet lace French tanT Very weighs two ounces. No wire or ob- . u ... . A facsimile to Italian silk, only J r f, am i f"" 0 - lavender and black;. • ''¦¦• ',' ' ''• ¦ • •• • : - • ••
easily washed n^? iron or" ' st arS Actionable material to become dis- There IS Nothing . wear^ better; ;low neck and sleeve-. JulJ ¦ 87. Inches wide. At the Price On Sale in Bargain Basement,
needed. When you see them you will J"?£f here ? o h r ite Or black: onl^ -More cool and comfortable for the g*&Sgg J 06 trImmed ' * QrsQ y Bow S 't'ied' frec'by'^pcr^^ 0 Hand? and OmSJ^
h^^!S be had here for ¦¦...... .....oOc _ ted.rree by e^, A^ the neJaato or wri.t b agS .
THE PRICE-GUTTER ¦¦ , ' == MONEY-SAVING STORE 91 - 1 *
Sl.S'TJS-fi.iSSIt'&r'ilS; 816 MarketSt. II O'Famll St. There Is a Tims for Ererjthtn?. New-Spring Hoss, ; 8 l6 Market St.- II O'Farrell St. ! ¦ ! WJ32£&2SJIfi 1 - * ¦
letic or outdoor wear. Price... 5Oc ____ This Is embroidery time. Here Of which we have just received a J».-_ w*rp'«j nn» m^<. «^ »?-««
L.\DIFS» ATSTS-Low neck and MAtt OBDEBS SOI.ICITED. are some you * ill not be able to re- compile line and our prices you MAH. OBDEBS SOKCITBB. sott leather tio 2nd 1 h\if f n 5?JL
no^lJeve?; mad? oTlSan sTlk^n ¦ ' sist v.;hen you f ee them for the will Hnd a little different from V . _ ) Sde! Md5 Stt C £3
i^ n a^ho^?n£h 1 S e^S c iidS No Boasting -Here.; \ otl^i^:uos^^^ o Us^ p There Is Noih'ng More Chic . SSc'kief-WiKk %?f e^^
and silk washable braid. In pfnk. We don't make a specialty of -BROIDERY, buttonhole edge and cobweb lisle, double heels, toes and Or comfortable for outing or eolfln"" green. Price ...'.. ' •»¦;,.
blue and white. Price 5Oc bragging about our store's belnj* as openwork patterns. Two and a half ?°J es - velvet finish and fast black. than one of those I miles' knitted in p. » „ •"•••--
CHILD'S VEST— Made of Egyp- fine as any in this city. We do not inches wide for. ..Jc Price . . . . : . . . : ; .. .::... . .i.5c blouses or sweaters. Made of steam *» StOFeS Ke8D BrilSfl Braid. -
tian cotton; high neck and long x»laim that we're sellinir goods from 800 Yards Embroideries— Made on ;? LADIES' IIOSIu— Made of French shrunk heavy Saxony yarn, in a new We keep the Crown. Women that
sleeves; jersey knit, fleece lined and gilt counters or cut glass slum- heavy lawn- nine inches wide, in lmle. in the new openwork lace ef- fancy crochet pattern. New have used it tell others about its
medium weight in ecru or gray, cases, but when you want depend- Irish point, flower and teneriffe de- feet. Instep patterns, also all-over pouch sleeve and high turn down ffood mmlltv
Pantalettes to match, same quality able goods at low prices, with polios slpns; just the embroidery for the lace.^ We^will let you^bethe Judge collar. In black, white, green and Made of Vteam-shrunk varn with
as above: French band and ankle ralcspcople to wait upon you, come new corset cover and underwear. of what they are worth. - Our -price red. You will more than appre- an extra heavy brush Xald *£«?£?
length. Price A garment 2oc to the Price Cutter's. p "<* .A yard a 5c is 3.1c elate the value of them at. . . $£.08 b?owns?b"S7and black A yard 5c
,': •#.*¦¦-..'-¦' ADVEBTISEMEHTS.
s time Fw^r¥ >
j Parlor Suits and Odd Pieces
The most complete line on the coast. Everything to
make your parlor look bright and comfortable at prices to
suit every, purse. Just received two carloads of carpets and
rugs in ; the latest patterns, a great many in Persian atid.
Oriental designs. . We have two acres of floor space covered
with Bed Sets— brass and enamel beds — Dining-room Sets,
Stoves, etc.. 'to make your selection ;f>'»m. We are not corn-;
'pelled to advertise special sales, as every day is bargain day
with us. Visit our immense store and see . the regular bar-
gains we-have to offer. ;We don't pay.rent; all other furni-
ture houses do; that's why .we sell so much lower.
The J, Noonan Furniture Go.
IOI7dlO23 Mission. St. r^rfe^««Lucinda Dixon, an Indian girl ar
rested' at ;Kennett for raising a^ postal
money, order from\ $2 50 to $20, was
held-; yesterday* by. United" States" Com
missioner . Heacock to await^ the ac
tion : of- the' Federal Grand Jury.
Buryaby and Pickwick- lodges, Or
der of St. George, celebrated St.
George's day yesterday by a banquet
in a , downtown restaurant. , There
were present a very large representa
tion of the two lodges and ..many
ladies, quite a number of them mem
bers of the local lodges of . the Daugh
ters of St. George. . The American and
Britishf colors were prominent in" the
decoration of the dining hall, the
tables, were strewn with roses and
carnations and the party seated at the
festal board presented a pretty aggre
gation, of contented celebrants. Dur
ing the dinner there were rendered
selections . by the Orpheus orchestra,
led by H. W. , Gerrans, i'a i, member j of
the order. The^jolly gathering was
presided over by H.Digby; Johnston,
LL.D.. and i after ; a few ; remarks ; by
him the dinner was discussed and at
its conclusion the chairman offered
to Kins>
British Residents at a Banquet Do
Honor to President and
ENGLISHMEN MEET
ON ST. GEORGE'S DAY
Lieutenant Charles L. Woodhouse of
the Twenty-eighth Infantry called at
headquarters yesterday.
Captain Frank L. Winn left yester
day to inspect the new target range at
Monterey.
Major Henry B. Moon and his bat
talion of the Tenth Infantry, who have
been on target practice at the Rodeo
range, will return to the Presidio on
Tuesday. : -, ¦ i
A flagpole for the general hospital
building will shortly be erected.
The regulation Saturday morning
inspection was . held at the Pres'dio
yesterday. All the bands were playing
and the post was unusually lively.
General MacArthur, accompanied
by the department staff, will attend
the christening ceremonies of the
launching: of the armored cruiser, Cali
fornia on Thursday.) They will go to
the Union Iron Works on the tug Slo
cum. Officers from the. Presidio, Fort
Mason, Alcatraz'and Angel Island who
attend will go on the steamer General
McDowell.
General MacArthiir and Department
Staff to Assist in the Interest
ing Cci"enionies. . ;
WILL ATTEND LAUNCHING
OF CRUISER CALIFORNIA
The jury is to be told that a system
atic system of robbing freight cars be
longing to the Chicago, Milwaukee and
St. Paul Railroad Company, has been in
progress many years. .Thousands of
dollars* worth of property, has been
stolen from | the company by, the : Crei
ders. ; . ,
CHICAGO, April 23.— Respected and
law-abiding citizens by day, and expert
railroad thieves by night— such is the
life that the State is seeking, to show
the jury has been led by Daniel" Crei
der, 60 years old, who is on trial in
Judge Chytraus' court, with his son,
Charles, 30 years old. They live at 1611
West Fuller ton avenue,, and scores^ of
residents in that vicinity are prepared
to go on the witness stand and testify
to the sood character, of both father
and son. ' •
On the other hand, detectives are
prepared to swear that they recovered
stolen property from the home of young
Creider, and that the son's wife has
made confessions implicating both her
husband and her father-in-law. The
State is also seeking to ,8how that
young Creider confessed his guilt, . as
well as that of his father. '
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN JUAN. Porto Rico, April 23.—
Frederick Martin of Indiana, Commis
sioner of Immigration for Porto Rico,
killed himself to-day- by cutting, his
throat. He brooded over privateflnan
cal matters. ¦-•:'.;:. -
Bespectable Citizens -by Day
and Looters of Freight
Cars on Railway by Night
Next Saturday G. H. Umbsen & Co.
will have an excursion to -San Mateo
and sale of 150 large lots at San
Mateo Heights. The lots to be sold
front on Bellevue avenue/ the Grand
boulevard, the Villa terrace, the coun
ty road, Highland avenue,;, the \ San
Mateo drive, -Woodside way and C and
D streets, all within* the limits of San
Mateo. Luncheon will be v served on
the grounds. The price of round-trip
tickets will be 50 cents". ¦
An auction of properties belonging
to the Hibernia Bank and the Savings
and Loan Society will be held by G. H.
Umbsen & Co. on May. 16. .There are
fifty pieces to be sold. '
Raymond, Armstrong .&. Co. are
placing on the. market a tract of land
at Lagunitas Station, being a part of
the Rancho San Geronimb. About
thirty acres have been laid out in lots
of from one to three and three-quar
ters acres each. Roads of easy grade
are in construction. Spring, water will
be piped to each lot. The. North Shore
Railroad Company is building to the
site, ; which is In a fine canyon, well
wooded with forest trees. | The San
Geronimo Creek flows along its west
ern edge. The deeds will prohibit any
selling of liquors or, the establishment
of. hotels in this! subdivision/ The place
has been a favorite , camping ground
for many years. No indiscriminate
camping will be permitted "on the
tract, ¦ although the owners will, of
course,' be at liberty ;to do as they
please with their land.. The -time: re-
be offered for sale 350 lots on high
land that borders on the San Lorenzo
River and the bay of Monterey. Spe
cial excursion trains will be dispatched
to " take passengers from San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Alameda, San Jose and
intermediate points. Tickets will be
good for two days. The -round-trip
rate from San Francisco will be $3;
from San Jose, $175, and low rates
from intermediate points." Excursion
tickets will.be good for use on any of
the regular trains on Sunday, May 8.
Continued From Page 29, Column 7.
SIRE AND SON
IN DUAL ROLE
After Second Inning Uncle's Tossers
• Go Out One, Two, Three.
LOS ANGELES, April 23. — Baum's
pitching and the all around playing of
Jud Smith were the features of to
day's game, which fell to the cham
pions by a score of 3 to 2. The visi- j
tors made one run in the first on |
Flood's errors and one in the second '
on Leahy's home run. From that
point to the end of the game they
went out one, two, three, failing to
make a hit or get a man to first base.
Smith got four hits, stole three bases
and played a star fielding game.
Score:
Los Ansrlei — 1 San Francisco—
AB.R. IL P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Benrd. cf.4 0 0 2 0 WIdrn, cf.4 10 4 0
Flood 2b.4 12 11 Hldbd. lf.3 0 0 11
Smith. 8b.4 14 2 5 Meany. rf.4 0 10 0
Cavth, rf.4 12 11 Irwin. Gb.2 0 0 8 1
Uoss If. ..1 0 0 0 OMasy, lb..3 0 0 6 1
Chase, lb.4 0 1 13 1 Ideally, c.3 1 1 a 0
Rymnd, 8.3 0 0 2 SIAdrsn. 2b.3 0 0 7 2
Eger. C...3 0 0 4 1 Miller, B..3 0 0 0.6
Iiaum. p. .3 0 0 2 0 Yerkes, p.3 0 10 1
Totals. SO 3 9 27 121 Totals. 27 2 3 24 11
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Xja% Angeles ....0 01 0 1 10 6 x— 3
Base hits 2 0 2 0 2 2 0 1 x— 9
Ban Francisco ...1 1 00,0 0 0 0 0—2
; Base hit* 0.1 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 3
SUMMARY.
¦ Stolen bases — Smith 8. Hildebrand. Errors —
Flood 2. Home run — Leahy. Two-base hits —
Cravath. Smith. Sacrifice hits — Hildebrand,
Ross. First, base, on errors — San Francisco 1.
Left on bases— Los Angeles 5, San" Francisco 1.
Bases on balls— Oft Baum 1, off Yerkes 1.
Struck out — By Baum 8. Double play — Irwln
to Anderson. Hit by. pitched ball — Ross. Time
of tame — 1 hour and 30 minutes. Umpire —
Huston.
BAUM TWIRLS A STAR GAME
. The very pleasant affair was under
the direction of the following named
committee: G. E. Fisher, A- Allison
and G. Burrows of Burnaby Lodge and
H. D. Johnston. C. W. Pope and H. J.
Ford of Pickwick Lodge.
Jose; toast, "The Land of Our Adop
tion," Past Grand President F~ D.
Brandon; song, Mr. Young; toast.
"The Press." C. B. Sedgwick; song. Dr.
A. E. Sykes; toast, "The Ladies." Wil r
liam Clack.
the toast, "The President of the
United States." This was followed by
the singing of the "Star-Spangled Ban
ner," after- which "The King and
Queen of England" was. offered and
responded to, followed," by" singing
"God Save the King."* After that the
following programme was carried out:
Toast, "St.. George's Day and the Sons
of the Saint," Grand Vice President
"W. G. Johnson and Past Grand Presi
dent Thomas Bradbury; song, "Rule
Britannia," Hugh Williamson ; toast,
"The British Empire,"' Rev. "William
Rader, D. D.; song, "Soldiers of the
King." H. Fossey; song. "The Death
of Nelson," G. .B. "Woods; toast, "The
Old Folks at Home," William . "Witts;
song,- "Home, JSweet Home," R. J.
LARGE DEALS IN CITY REAL ESTATE
Labor L/radrr of Melbourne Is Given
Ta^k of Replacing the Ministry
That Unsigned.
MELBOURNE. Australia, April 23.
Labor leader Watson has been asked
to undertake the construction of a new
Minirtry. to succeed the Cabinet wh'ch
yesterday handed in its resignation.
¦ m ¦
MANILA. April 23.— Th» Mora chlef» of the
Lak* Larao <ii.nr!ct, in the island of Min
danao, will TT»eet Major It. L. l-.uIUrd of th*
Twtnty-«i|rhth I'nltwJ Infantry at
Taxac*. <«i tlw *>a>rt FhTP of 1hp lakr, on
>lsv 4. for th* j'urp->FP of onranizinK Incal
clvj! covcrnnn nl.
NEW AUSTRALIAN CABINET
TO BE NAMED BY WATSON
~ TEL.LUBIDE, Colo.. April* 23. —
Charles H. Moyer. president of the
Western Federation of Miners, arrived
here at 9 o'clock to-night in charge
of the military. The soldiers were
met at the depot by a large -crowd
of citizens, the High School cadets
and others and given a rousing recep
tion. After Bupper Moyer was re
turned to the jail, where he was kept
before his trip to Denver, to be pres
ent at the habeas corpus hearing be
fore the Supreme Court.
5IOYER GIVEN" ROUSING
RECEPTION" AT TELLURIDE
One-mile relay, college championship
of America— Yale .first, University, of
Pennsylvania second, Georgetown third.
Time. 3:23 3-5.
Hammer throw— J. R. Dewitt, Prince
ton. 158 feet 4% inches, first;* T. Shevlin.
Yale, second; C. Vanduyne, Syracuse,
third.
Discus throw— C. A. Swift, Iowa Uni
versity, 114 feet 4 Inches, first; Speik.
Chicago, second; Catlin, Chicago, third.
Final heat, 120-yard hurdles — Won by
F. W. Schule, Michigan; M. S. Catlin,
Chicago, second. Time, 16 1-5 seconds.
High Jump— S. S. Jones, New' York
University, first, six feet; W. C. Lowe,
Syracuse University, second; E. Cairns.
Cornell, third. j
Four-mile college championship of
America— Daane, Stone, Perry and Kel
logg of Michigan, first; Yale second,
Princeton third. Time, by miles—
4:421-5, 9:23 4-5, 14:03 2-5, 18:52 3-5.
One mile relay, high school qhampion
shlp of America— Philadelphia Central
High first, Chicago Hyde Park second, !
Worcester High School third. Time, j
3:38.3-6. . « I
Broad Jump — T. P. Hammer, Penn
sylvania, 22 feet 4 inches, first; M.
Printzy, Syracuse, second; Percy Rol
llngton, College of Pharmacy, third. ; -
One mile relay, preparatory school
championship of America— Bethlehem
(Pa.) Preparatory School first; Law
rencevllle (N. J.) Academy second;
Hill School, Pottsdam (Pa.), third.
Time, 3:88 3-6. N
PHILADELPHIA, April 23.— The Uni
versity of Michigan carried off- the
honors on Franklin field this afternoon
in the annual carnival of track and
field sports held .under the auspices' of
the University of Pennsylvania. It
proved one of the best and most rep
resentative meets in the history of in
tercollegiate sport. The weather was
ideal for the sport and more than 12,000
persons watched the athletes perform.
The shotput was -won by Rose of
Michigan, distance 48 feet 2 inches,
equaling the world's record, held by D.
Horgan of Ireland; Glass of Tale was
second and J. S. Boyd of the Univer
sity of Pennsylvania third. Rose, who
is from Healdsburg, Cal., In an exhibi
tion put made 48 feet 3% inches. The
principal events resulted as follows: ,
Final heat, 100-yard dash— A- Hahn,
Michigan, first; W. C. Shick, Harvard,
second; C. A. Blair. Chicago, third.
Time, 10 seconds.
California Boy Succeeds in
Putting the Shot Forty-
Eight Feet and Two Inches
ROSE EQUALS A REC0KD
Western College Athletes
Carry Off the Honors in
Trials at Philadelphia
MICHIGAN MEN
ARE THE STIRS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIU 24, 190*.
'¦ Easton, Eldridge.& Co. . report an
elaborate* catalogue of miscellaneous
properties [ to be offered at ¦ public,auc
tion I in their, salesrooms,'.? 638, Market
street/:; Tuesday, '-': April f.26," at . : noon.
Their Chico excursion left the^city Fri
day "night with; a: crowd* of people^ to
attend v the auction ) sale v, of .town » lots
ahd'acreage properties in Chico.
quired to reach the station from San
Francisco will : , be \ one hour and fifteen
minutes^ }' ¦ ¦ '•-.'¦¦ '•-¦' '"¦ ': : ¦?•• \ ¦:.: '"¦.-.'" : ,V:.
Husband Is Missing.
Harry F. Walker, residing at 506
Leavenworth Btreet, has "been j missing;
since April 8. He is a waiter \ by
occupation, 30 years of age, light com
plexion and smooth of face. His wife
is distracted and knows of no reason
why he should leave home.
Liiclnda Is Held;
30
v- DR. T; AVAH HING. .
MISS .MAXFIELD CURED OP AP-
PENDICITIS WITHOUT OP-
ERATING.
Two Physicians Declared an Opera-
tion .Imperatively , Necessary, but
, She Was Relieved in Two
Weeks by Dr. T.
> Wah Hinj;.
SACRAMENTO. .April 13, 1904.
To Whom It May Concern: This Is to cer-
tify- that : my .daughter," Ethel, was taken with
appendicitis, complicated. with malarial fever,
about March 20. Two physicians examined her
and decldjed j that an operation was imperative.
As I feared the -results of an. operation, I con-
sulted with ; Dr. T. I Wah - nine, .Chinese physi-
cian of Sacramento, Cal., r who : had previously
treated . me and , members , of my \ family, and
whom 1 1 : knew had j relieved | appendicitis cases
without the use of instruments. ¦ ¦- Dr. Hins im-
mediately ' tave , it as '. his opinion .' that ; my
daughter' could be cured without operating:.
She went ¦¦¦ under . his ,*> care ?. two : " we«ks ago,
and I am glad to say that she is now entirely
well. .' I take : much . pleasure ' in 8 testifying ; Dr.'
Hin'g's r skill " in <I this, * as ' In \ other cases that
have ; come, under, my 'observation,, particularly
jthat ; of, Mrs.*', T. Lewis of Florin, who was suf-
fering I from 'virulent'; stomach { trouble 'and was
eaved ! from a ' capital ; operation i by • Dr. '¦}. Hlng.
." (Sisned)_ J. W. MAXFIELD, Flsrin. '.
ADVEB.TISEMENTS.
p u MMflccM 9. rn REiL ESTATE A6ENTS AND :
u, H. UmoobN & bU., auctioneers. :
Grand Auction Sale and
Excursion. j
SAN MATED HEIGHTS SS*'-* :
Saturday, April 30, 1904 I
At 1:30 p. Dm on the premises. |:
150 LARGE LOTS 150 LARGE LOTS \
The most imDortant auction sale of the season of vacant prop- - !
erty in San Mateo. _ '
This is beyond question the most desirable because of its acces- <
sibility, natural beauty and surroundings. In addition to this every !!
lot has water piped to it and sewer connections. As the land is high, "
the natural drainage is perfect. ',',
The electric cars run through the center of the property on San '
Mateo drive. It is eaually accessible from either San Mateo or Bur- '
lingame railroad station. When these lots are sold there will never !!
again be an opportunity to purchase anything in San Mateo as dc- ';
sirable or at such prices. «
There is a constant and increasing demand for residence prop- \
erty all down the peninsula as far as San Jose. When the Southern '
PaciSc have finished their cut-off (now building) San Mateo will be !
but 14 miles from San Francisco, and the rapidly increasing popula- "
tion will be effective in producing faster and more frequent train and ?
trolley service, which even now is wonderfully good. t
We shall also offer for sale to the highest bidder: •
Three s-room cottages with baths and cellars. . *
Three 6-room cottages with baths and cellars now building, to be 1
completed by May i. ?
Terms one-quarter cash, balance x, a and 3 years, with in- !!
terest at 5 per cent, payable semi-annually, 10 per cent to^be paid at
the time of the purchase, to be allowed on the quarter or first pay- '
ment. An abstract of title furnished each • buyer. ][
A special first-class excursion train will leave Third and Town^p"
send streets at 11 o'clock a. m., Saturday, April 30, 1904. i
50 cents-Round-Trip Tickets — 50 cents ;
Returning leaves San Mateo at 5 o'clock p. m. Tickets good on ?
all trains stopping at San Mateo during afternoon and evening. !!
Lunch will be served on the grounds. * :
Excursion train will not stop at Valencia street. !
Excursion tickets can be had at the office of the Southern Pacific !
Company under the Grand Hotel on and after April as and at the '
depot. Third and Townsend 'streets, up to time of departure of train, !
11 a. m. \
For maps and general information inquire of ;
G, H. UMBSEN & CMOIflontgomerySt., :
,. -LDVEBTISEMENTS.
For two yean the Electro-Chemic Inititnte has been publishing •very Band*)
and two or three times during: the week testimonials from well-_x.own people
living: right here in San Francisco. The majority of these testimonials have
been accompanied lay the cured patient's picture, the names and addresses have
always been given and. often the place of business. . Another grateful patient, a
well-known member of the Molders' Union, now tells of his core by Electro-
„_ .._^-ju unMiUiiiimuuiLi. jHiuiiuuLj~u^v,~Ji juilw— iiimm ijjwju Chemistry. Such testimony as this mns*
i_p^Sp^___^_^4i____tt^^^||^^|p of his core from his own lips, it would
- ¦; : % MrP GUSTXVE HUH8,- &?$£?<
- 732 Shotwell Street. MaST^fHolS"^ 1 lna W ° rI^
-It, is "dangerous, to neglect catarrh. Catarrh Is a constitutional disease, and 'It la^th*
- cause of more consumption than all other influences ¦ combined. To all sufferers from
, CATARRH. CONSUMPTION. ASTHMA. BRONCHITIS, or any other disease of th«_ air
passages, we extend a. cordial . invitation to the patient to visit our office for FREE CON-
SULTATION -and EXAMINATION. It will give us pleasure to demonstrate to all periona
Interested how the Electro-Chemic Treatment cures serious cases that are Incurable under
the older systems of treatment.- - • *7^~
Other Electro-Chemic Specialties
Electro-Chemlstry cures qnlckly, painlessly and chea/ly CANCSBS, TTTKOXS
OLD UICEES, ECZEMA, EHEUMAT13M, NEUKALQIA. 1.OCOMOTOB
ATA3CXA, - PARALYSIS. ; DEAnraSS," HEAD HOISES, INSOMNIA. GOITBE
BEIOHT'S DISEASE, DIABETES, DYSPEPSIA, PIJiES, all Diseases of the
STOMACH, X.XVER, KID WETS. BLADDER and BOWELS, all HESVOUS DIS-
. EASES and SPECIAL DISEASES Or MEN and WOMEN.
: .ci FSSE — -' X-EAY ¦¦¦ EXAMINATION. DIAGNOSIS, ADVICE AXTD TB1A1
TREATMENT. V *J»*4vu
,-. /-HOME TREATMENT— When It is possible for. a patient living at a distance to com*
to our. office for a -careful personal examination, we advise them to do so. In the majority
of cases Jilie patient can return home the same day. taklns the necessary home, treatment
TUS S FREE 'oPffiAMP^ TI ? I ? TS^ N EXPENSIVE ELECTRO-CHEM™ AWARA-
TLS FREE. OF. CHARGE.- We advise those who cannot visit us to write a full descriotion
.¦ or their symptoms.- and. immediately, upon receipt of such Information, we will give Ser^
t tient full ; directions regarding; home examination and treatment." ¦ •
The Electro=Chemic Institute,
1 18 Grant Ave.i Cor. Post,
SAN FRANCISCO: v;
- OFFICE HOURS-9 a..m. to 5 p. m. and 7 to 8 p m daily «undavs 1ft . « t> 1 • h.
SEPARATE APARTMENTS FOR LADIES AND C^LEMEN. ' * *'
ADVEBTISEMENT8.
THIS IS THE STORE THAT
Saves You Mooey
We arc conducting a sale of Household Goods that
means much to the housewives of San Francisco, and if you
are one of them you ought to read what we have to say.
The nrst item of interest— How you can save on
Lace Curtains Towels
Tv> picked out * lot that sells If it la Bath Towels you want
for J2 25 a pair and offer them for take your pick from our regular
kl 4^ Th> width is 45 Inches. 15c kind and pay only 12 We for
the length 3*4 yards. They are them.
Nottingham Curtains — either ecru or if you want Huck Towels —
or white— your choice. extra heavy— 40x18 — plain or fan-
Another line cf Nottinrhams— cy borders— take our regrular 25c
bea.utiful patterns— regularly sold ones for 19c— any number you
for 51 26 * pair, now you can have want.
them for 70c The 6lze is 3 yards
long and 40 inches wide. I et Burlap*. Denims
KeniliailtS ua Jaoaness Crepes.
Exten§iGfl RodS Burlaps and Denims — Fr«tty
LtAlVUaiVU hvuj patterns— the qualities that sold
You generally pay I60. some- for 26c a yard can now be had for
times 26c We "will sell them for THc ' There* something to
;>C during tbi* sale. They ¦ are think about!
rral brass and can be extended to Japanese Crepes— -Prices cut the
£4 inches. same way — 25c to 7 He- There is
a world of pretty deslrns. Home
.'_• , n , (l — decorators, consider this.
Sheets and Pillow Cases —
«5S: Fine Silkohnes
We *ell them usually for 69c. now Bilkoline — one of the most use-
th<? price is 45c- ful materials made to-day. Full
Pillow Cases of the same grade width — 36 inches. Great pattern
material. Bize 45x36 — our regular assortment — easy selection. \% e al-
j;u,r line. Take as many as you ways get 12 He a yard, but now
want now for J)c each. the price Is 7^C-
BED SPREADS — Full' size honeycomb spreads. As-
sorted patterns. Sold regularly at $1.35. Sale QQ/V
price tyyJv/
GREAT RIBBON SPECIAL TaffJ^c
ICo room to explain how we got them. Suffice it to say
we have them ready for you — 150 pieces of all-silk Satin Taf-
feta, in pink, light blue, white and black. They are a^/z inches
wide and always, invariably, sell for 30c a yard; get A Qp
as many vards as vou want now for 1 t/U
. " If Good Goods at Low Prices arc an inducement you will find both at the House on the Square.
.-'•..: Have a Home of your Own. You need not wait till you have the cash. Your Credit is Good. Nuf sed.
Mahogany finish. French ClliffO_l«T-^-Solld oak.
T"?:^.^^:,:^.::::::::::: $18.75 t;jV%^&r'r%/!™:. T . h ?!:$5l.5O jB±|'.$4.75 ai. ."f.".': $6.35.
Mm. \WFf vAKrclj llKArLKi "
/it^^l^^ja 1 I Illillll I A Profusion of Carpet Our Drapery Deoartment is in the *5ffl_B^^^_*l firty
J^^^S!^^! r-r-sai J Illlllll JL elegance, more patterns hands of experts, who are always glad -j^Jffi^pa^gi^c^reww^r'
|M1 U ||| if than the most exacting *° show you the goods and assist you
W^^^^^^t iMlI ttlllllH m taste could wish to inspect. Uo^^We^qSot/alew^tems me?cfy
|^^^S^r^^^^l £hEBB KB new an<^ resa anc ' at as a suide to price: Vl£gIau>2Hra£&5|a!
j|^^^^^^^^ g™Jr_^|ra!a t!lc direst prices. Home Ruffled Swiss Curtains— 42 inches L
|6rJr-y^ Jf '_*££'* jl^^fty Iffl furnishers with a love for wide, 3 yards lonp. An excellent
S-gjjgg^^ffi *~JP the beautiful and artistic are grade of material. Price Cl AQ
%^ (| ™ pet . elegance displayed Two "Toned Summer Curtains— Four $&
_ ~. „ . J designs to choose from. Full Off /»
eyf r m"p r ie""s e ?n^- .°2 b b * V, Sea J * size and width. Per pair. ... ilOC A Regal Ranges-Win cut
tine top ' drawer. "k! golden finish China Matting— A large se- Cable Net Curtains— Arabian color, your fuel bill in half; every
shaped top, beveled Rigidly braced. lection of new designs. 52 inches wide, 3 yards long. Dou- part guaranteed; can be had
Ss trimmlS pr£e y polished> Good, fresh fiber. Excel- ble lock stitch edge. A curtain that with gas attachment If desired.
Price. tf*1*7 7C • $2 10 lent Srade. '-Per IOJ/.V will give years of ser- QO '7CZ Investigate Us man7 good
;f;;;; >pl/.j3 •V»*V yar d, price...... 1^/2^ vice. Price, per pair... *?£../ O points before purchasing.
1 c^S tt^B/V m l8 ¦ __y^^Yi^py_|^^^TT^^jpeS^^'S^Vj£jrjr ML _6 __3 w I ffHpf^_______| **" ' n"In the Bible it is 'ordered: Thou
shalt not put a stumbling block before
the blind; and cursed be he that
causeth the blind to wander out of
the way; and .when the. Savior de
parted from the house of Jairus two
blind men followed him, crying: 'Thou
son of David, have mercy, on. us. 1 and
he healed their infirmity.
VCan it be that in, these latter days
the blind. Etricken and forlorn, are to
bepunif^ed, by men as if their in
firmity'.were a crime ?¦:•-..
.; "We appeal to the kind hearts of
"An appeal to them to be merciful to
the blind has been made, but is un
heeded. Retail dealers, - under penalty
of a general boycott on their business.
do not dare buy the blind man's
brooms, and now the same cold-heart
ed policy ie closing our wholesale trade
against us. Nearly all of us were labor
ing people when. blindness fell upon us.
and many of us were labor union men.
We cannot now belong to a union; We
are a community by ourselves, joined
in hpnds of a. common misfortune.
"We no not ask charity, but only
work and a market for the product of
our skill. The purpose of a labor
union is declared to.be humane. If
this be so, our misfortune should
make us first among the objects of
that humanity. But instead of this
we are treated by our brothers who
see as if our blindness had outlawed
us from human sympathy and set us
among the beasts that perish.
The following has been issued by in
mates of the State Industrial Home for
the Adult Blind, located in Oakland:
""To the people of California— We are
the inmates and artisans of trie Home
for the Adult Blind in Oakland. Most
of us became blind in adult age and
found our means of making a living de
stroyed when our sight perished. Com
pelled by indigence or idleness we
sought admission to the Home as the
only place where the blind could learn
a handicraft and earn their clothing
and comforts. Those who see can form
no conception of the blessings of work
to the blind. Without it we who live in
darkness have nothing to divert us
from the sadness and sorrows of our,
situation. With work we have happi
ness. Without work we have sadness
and misery for our companion.
"In this institution about seventy of
us, work as mechanics. Our blindness
reduces our productive capacity about
one-half, so that our efficiency is about
that of thirty-five people who can see.
Our principal manufacture is brooms,
and we take honest pride in declaring
that our brooms, in stock and work
manship, are equal to any on the mar
ket. By their sale we get our sole in
come, and working at our trade is our
greatest happiness. But this opportu
nity is being taken from us by a gen
eral boycott levied against us mistak
enly by th« labor unions.
APPEAL. IS UNHEEDED.
Inmates of State Home Ask
for lielief From Boycott
Placed on Their Products
APPEAL MADE
BY THE BLIND
Ah Gong, a Chinese musician, wa3
booked at the City Prison yesterday by
Detectives Dinan and Wren on two
charges of burglary. He is accused of
having, broken the window in the store
of the Berteling Optical Company. 16
Kearny street, on the mornings of Jan
uary 16 and February 17, on each oc
casion stealing about $400 worth of
goods. Most of the stolen property ha3
been recovered. He was arrested a
week ago. - .
Chinese Charged With Burglary.
Committee on music — Rev. Robert
Sesnon, J. J. Hughes, Dr. M. W. O'Con
nell, F.. Rippon, J. H. Francke, M. S.
McKenna.
Committee on games — Rev. W. A.
Fleming. J. Sullivan, Rev. Philip
Committee on press and printing —
Rev. T. F. Comerford, W. Stafford, G.
Lacombe, F. Drury, A. F. Burke Jr., J.
Flood, J. C. O'Connor.
ing the day. Arrangements are in
charge 'of the following committees:
General committee — David F. Sup
ple, chairman; Frank Drury, secre
tary; Rev. Philip Byrne, treasurer.
Committee on grounds — Colonel J. C.
O'Connor, T. J. Redmond, J. . J.
Hughes, J. T. McKenna, Homer Rip
pon, John Franchi, J. C. McGlynn.
Committee on prizes — James Ward,
chairman; J. Sullivan, J. C. McGlynn,
J. F. Redmond, J. C. Queen, J. J. Mc-
Carthy, Frank Rippon, F. Nagle, E.
Olwell, J. J. Maguire, W. Redman, J.
Ambrose, J. Corbett.
Byrne, J. Arnold, T. Klink. J. Regan.
Reception committee — Captain J. F.
Seymour, W. Watson, J. Ambrose, W.
Stafford, E. Perry. H. Farmer, H.
Kugleberg, A. Butler, J. Savage, J. F.
Tracy, T. J. Walsh.
Floor committee — Joseph • Corbett,
Homer Rippon, John Franchi. Val
Cooney, Eugene Dockery, J. Donohue,
E.Holland. -'i.>->. ,:
Sacred Heart parish will be the first
to hold its annual' picnic this year.
Saturday, May 7, has been selected as
the day for the outing at Sunset Park,
Santa Cruz, Mountains.
Residents of the parish and their
friends always look forward with great
anticipation to the picnic and this year
they will have particular reason to do
so, for great preparations are being
made to make it the most successful
outing ever given by the parish. Mure
than 200 prizes are to be awaraed dur-
Great Preparations Have Been Made
for the Annual Otitins and
Giving of Prizes.
SACRED HEART PARISH GOES
TO MOUNTAINS NEXT MONTH
Didier, Miss Aitkens, W. Plowman, J.
Wickers, W. Judson, B. Daniels, J. M.
Thompson, W. Crossfield, H. Hodges,
H.Lutz, G. Richville."
"T. Powers, F. Bowman, A. Ballisle,
Miss Mast R. Sublett, M. Kouper, F.-
Hoban, H. \V. Smith,* J. Lannigan, Mis3
Mullaney, W. Staggs, J. Craig, J. Sex
ton, O. Dudley, J. Moore, D. Weider, J.
Silva, A. McGregor, • F. ' W. Behan. J.
California as a last resort. Surely it
cannot be true that the broom product
of pur small number, only " equaling
that of thirty-five effective workmen
and being only a small fraction of 1
per cent of the brooms consumed in
California, is in the way of any me
chanics who have all their faculties?
Yet, though It be so small a part of
the general supply, it. is everything
to us; it is manhood and'womanhood,
health and happiness. Therefore we
appeal to the people, ask your retail
dealers for the blind man's brooms,
with the label of the home ujjon them,
and take no other until the market is
again open to us. Those who oppose
and oppress us are persistent. Be you
equally persistent for us.
E. B. Warren is the defendant in the
divorce proceedings in which Rose
Warren is the plaintiff. They were
married at Decatur, Ga.. in February.
1902, the alleged desertion occurring the
following . June. Desertion is also
charged in the complaint filed by Mar
vin Belden against Beatrice Belden,
and in the suit of Kate Schaumoeffel
against Henry Schaumoeffel neglect is
charged.
Now, according to the affidavit of
yesterday, Mrs. Cleve is sorry that she
was so lenient. She says that when
the citation was served her spouse
came to her and pretended that he
j wished to let bygones be bygones and
I return to the wife of his bosom. She
'. believed him to be sincere, she says,
' and gave ud her idea of having him
'¦ punished for contempt. She has since
; learned that Cleve was not sincere in
; his declaration of peace.
August, 1900, was an unlucky month
for Carrie P. Thresher and John A.
Cullen. It was their wedding month,
and each of them mismated. They had
their respective ties severed yesterday
in Judge Kerrigan's court, Mrs. Thresh
er petting a divorce from Ashley W.
Thresher, a commercial traveler, on the
grround of neglect, and Cullen getting a
decree from Maud Cullen for desertion.
Daniel A. Trudgeon, a barber, in an
answer to the suit for divorce of Dora
Trudgeon denies that he abandoned
her as she charges. He says that when
he left her a year, ago at Sutter Creek,
Amador County, it was with her con
sent and with the understanding that
soon as a sufficient length of time had
elapsed divorce proceedings were to be
instituted. He denies also that he
makes JSO a month. • His income, he
says, is but $6 a week.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by J. Greenshan against Fannie Green
shan for desertion, and Joseph F.
Thompson, an engineer, against Alice
Julia Thompson for cruelty and intem
perance. Thompson says that for the
last three years his wife has been ad
dicted to the excessive use of intoxi
cants. He says that Mrs. Thompson !
would not prepare his meals for him,
end that when in her cups she would
curse and abuse him.
Etta Chappell, whose husband, Clem
Chappell, is a tally clerk in the employ
of the Scott & Van Arsdale Lumber
Company, sued him for divorce yester
day on the ground of desertion. She
says he willfully abandoned her more
than'a year ago. leaving her and their
one child to depend upon the charity of
relatives and friends for a living.
Anna C. Cunningham is seeking a di
vorce on the ground of neglect from
James A. Cunningham, to whom she
was married in May, 1902. She says he
has not provided for her for some time,
though earning a salary of $150 a
month. Besides a decree Mrs. Cunning
ham wants permission to resume her
maiden name. Eklund.
Harriet McGill wants a divorce from
Charles E. McGill on three grounds —
neglect, cruelty and infidelity. They
were married at San Jose in January,
1302. Mrs. McGill's maiden name was
Arrasmith. and she wants permission
to resume It.
In an affidavit filed yesterday by Sa
die I. Cleve, wife of Leonard Cleve, a
patternmaker, she tells the court that
she is the victim of her husband's
plausibility and asks that the contempt
proceedings instituted a week ago and
which she caused to be discontinued be
resumed forthwith, and that Cleve be
punished.
It appears from the affidavit that the
Cleves did not get along: together. Mrs.
Cleve was of the opinion that she did
not set enough of her husband's earn
ings, and eo instituted a suit for main
tenance. The action was heard by
Judge Seawell, who thought that Cleve
was Just a little bit neglectful, and or
dered him to pay his wife $30 a month
for her separate support. The order
was made April 16, and within a week
Mrs. Cleve had her husband cited to
appear and show cause why he should
not be punished for contempt of court.
He did not pay her the money. The
hearing of the excuses of Cleve was set
for April 22. but they were never heard,
for Mrs. Cleve sent word to the court
through her attorneys that she wished
the matter discontinued.
Asks the Court to Take Up
Again Appeal to Have Hini
Punished for Contempt
RESUMES PROCEEDINGS
Wife of Patternmaker Says
He Was Xot in- Earnest
in His Reconciliation Act
CLAIMS CLEVE
DECEIVED HER
THE.- SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1904.
31
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
fc^ STOMACH jf»
t . .
Don't suffer from La "Grippe, Chills,
| Colds or Malaria, Fever and Ague
I this Sprinp. Keep the system forti-
| fied by taking the Bitters. It is the
best preventive on the market and
never fails to give satisfaction.
It also cures Indigestion, Constipa-
tion, Dyspepsia and Insomnia. Try it
R ad ways
Piifs
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity. ,
For cur* of all disorders of Etomach. Liver,
Bowele.Kldneye. Bladder. Female Irregularities.
61 ckHeadache.BiUouenesB, Constipation, Piles and
«J1 derangements of Isternal Viscera. 25c box.
At 4rugxU>t* a or by mail. Radway & Co., N V.
ADVEBTTSETVrETTTS. I
I B. KATSCHINSKI |
1 . Philadelphia Shoe Co* g
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRANCISCO 1
R Adjolninr Call BuUdtatr. l|
P t^^mEfSKfg \J K til IB u
& OUTING SHOES I
b FOR SUM' ER WEAR. |
B This is the season when every- n
|9| ore takes advantage of a visit to B
it the country. In order to fully en- g
[1 Joy your summer outing's you B
J should be supplied with cool, com- H
H fortable Footwear that looks neat H
M and will give satisfactory wear, la
Pi Our large stock of Outing Shoes K»
j and Oxfords is offered at low m
. || prices that cannot be equaled
!jz elsewhere. . ¦ *
0 This week m*e offer a Children's
H and Misses' Mixed Drab Canvas
M t?prini? He<*l Lace Shoe, made on a
« modlum broad toe laet. with
•I straight canvas tips, circular
S vamps and seamless heel foxing !
a and heavy extension soles. A Shoe
tJ that is neat In appearance and
Kj ftolid in construction. Our special
kj prices this week: Sizes 6 to 8,
H *:>*•: sh to 11. st.oo; iih to 2.
W S*1.2<»; 2>f: to 6, $1.4O. Widths
JH C to E. \
I BLUCHER OXFORDS I
Ti The Blucher is one of the most p
¦ N popular styles of Oxfords shown H
W this season. This week we offer a Cj
I Ladies' Vici Kid Blucher Oxford. «
H with coin tors and patent leather la
ra tips, straight military heels and H
H heavy extension soles. This is a Eg
B tie that looks well on the foot and Eg
H will give excellent woar. A r^u- H
¦ lar $2.00 value for SI. ."!."» Sizes a
B ?^j to "4; widths 13 to E. g
1 CANVAS OXFORD^ 1
g FOR COUNT.. Y WEAR. |
We have the largest assortment H
of canvas Footwear in this city. El
As an inducement to gain your El
trade vire offer this week a Ladies' Eg
Fine Canvas Oxford, made with H
stylish coin tots, straight canvas ra
tips, full quarters, hand-turned H
sole* and concave Spanish heels. H
We have them in three colors, tan. w
drab atid the new coolie shade. M
Special price for this week S1.OO U
the r'«ir. Sizes 2^ to b; widths h
B to E. H
TAM KID LACE SHOtS.
You will need a pair of these for
your summer outings or your
rroBs-country walks. A Shoe, that
will keop th»» foot rool and com-
fortable on the warmest day. A
Stylish Tan Vici Kid Lace Shoe. H
made on tbc now modern last, with ti
straight perforated tips. full H
f^x<*d. military he^ls and medium BI
heavy extension walking soles. B
Special price for this wr-ek. H
S5I.7r». Sizes I*- to b; widths E
B to E m
4 Oar XTew Illustrated Catalogue B
jart out. Send :er one. g
B. KATSGKINSKI
I Philadelphia Shoe Co. I
10 THIED ST.. San FrancUco. ra
V^g"ttSZ3 DR HALL'S REINVIGCRATOR
anal H42 etcpi all losses and unnatun! <3i>.
j J cftarses ia 2* hours. You feel «.»
-JO dfi! < n: i !rc>vernent from thf- first do»e.
-i^ rffffl v> fiave E0 much confid'iice In our
yid t&A-i. treatment that we rft»r Fi\r Hun-
¦f>^ I MB fired reward for any ca»e wfe can-
¦¦¦bmDbw not cure. This eecret remedy cure*
IfiBt oower. nixhUy emit«ion», wasted orrans.
\«rleooele. ele«t, strictures, kidneys, falling
nwmory. drains in the urtne. gonorrhoea. dl»-
'«se of the proctate glands and all other terri-
ble effects of aelf-abuse or excef»es, which lead
on to contutr.rtlon and death. Pocltlvely curei
the workt ca.t*.s in old or young of that tnortl-
ti Ing condition, qu<ckn*s» of the discharge, and
v «ntirc to do. and you can't. Sent t-ealed. 92
per bottle, three bottles. $5. Guaranteed to
cure any case.
Call or address orders HALLS MEDICAL
INSTITUTE. 8W» Broadway. Oakland. Cal
Also far sale at 1073 >£ Market et., S. F. Send
for fr*« book.
TJ 15 TT C TJ I? C roR BARBERS. Ba-
DKUbilCb k/>rs - bootblacks. &at»>.
U11UU11UU bouses, billiard table*.
brawera. bookbindara. candjr makers. c*.r.nt-m.
4yera, fiour mills, toundriea, laundries, paper-
ha-r.gtn, printers, painters, shoe factories.
? tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, eta
SDCKAK1V BEOS,
JBrarh Manuf acturcra. 603 Sacramento St.
» ¦ ¦ " " ' I...
|ASTHMANOLA|
la tli* only cure for Kerrons ana
BroncklaJ ABTKMA.
lour Dru; Km or at &9a HA1UHT 6T, - .
£aji Fraaciscob Cal.
'¦ " AJJVESTISEMENTSw
tZ The body requires ten glasses of«P^. "^ * ' ts\\
tfuid per day. Most people drink; too little to
i \f flush the body of its waste. The result is bad 1 h
|Y blood, nervoushess, disease. A
ll Then the doctor says "Drink More;'' and he I'L
\9 1/ \zv\f\\MQ thiQ yiHvipp To hp wnrfh mnrp rhdn
y *1 IV 11 v/ VV o v. I J 1 0 c*v4 » I vv ¦ lu kj w Vv \Jx Ll I 1 1 1 KJ l.V» L11A1 J - _/\^
|^a That's one reason why pure beer is good for you. i§i[
«^p It leads you to $ drink more. And the beer is *^v
(^ also a food and a tpnic. But the beer must be pure.
Schlitz beer is brewed in absolute cleanliness and
v| cooled in filtered air. It is aged for moil ths yf
a so it will not cause biliousness. \ III
/>]'.' T^hat's why doctors /say "Schlitz." Ask for the Uw
W=k Thtf> tfl^^r Th^it mscis MsSwQ8JK€€ r^fffiOUSi
j Palo JUto Property to le Sold at Auction
! Saturday, May 7, 1904, Catalogues Now Ready.Suit has been filed in the Justices' Court against "John
Doe for hair bleaching, hair dyeing and hair work done
at his special request." If John has had all that primp
ing done on his own head he will very likely be willing
to let the/name stand as "Doe" until matters can be ad
justed.
BEDBUGS— Old Subscriber, City.
Bedbugs in a house may be destroyed
by the use of benzine or gasoline. By
using a spring bottom oilcan the fluid
may be forced into cracks and. Crevices
more thoroughly than by any. other
means. As these liquids are highly In
flammable contact with any artificial
light or fire must be avoided. The room
in which either of the fluids has, been
used should be well aired and venti
lated until the gas passes away.
AFOUL HAND— Subscriber, City. In
poker a foul hand is one of more or less
than five cards. The rule of the game
is that if "the dealer gives to himself
or either of the other players more or
less than live cards and the-player;re
ceiving such a number of cards raises
his hand before he announces the. fact,
no misdeal occurs, and he must stand
out of the game until the next hand."
A dealer who. has a foul hand has no
claim to the pool.
This week good eyeglasses, specs, 25c
50c 79 4th (front"Key"sCel.Oya. House). •
Townsend's California Glace Irults and
choice candles. In artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street. <r.bove Call building- *
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by ths
Press Clipping. Bureau K Allen's). 230 Cal
ifornia street. Telephone Main 1011, • ;
FROM the Bureau of Statistics of the Department
of Commerce there, has just been. issued a mono
graph on "Imports of the grand divisions and
principal countries of the world, and the share thereof
supplied by the United State's." The figures are those of
official reports of the various countries, and represent
their own statement of imports. from the United States,
and arc npt from our records of exports; The origin of
the figures is to be noted because our record of exports
to many countries does not exactly correspond to that
country's record of imports from us; the difference be-'
ing due to the fact that goods intended for one country
are frequently delivered primarily at a port. of another;
as, for example, goods for Austria being shipped to -Ham-,
burg perhaps, or to a French or an Italian port, instead
of Trieste. •
Taking the statement as given, the record shows that
of the $8,141,054,000 worth of merchandise imported by
Europe in 1902 the United States supplied $1,211,356,000,
or 14.88 per cent of the total. North America, other
than the United States, imported merchandise _ to. the
value of . $410,773,000, . of which the United States supplied •
King Edward has conferred knight
hood upon the two young sons of the
late Duke of Cambridge, who will
henceforth be known as Sir Adolphus
and Sir Augustus Fltzgeorge. the one
being a retired rear* admiral in the
navy and the other a retired colonel in
the army. But they have received the
distinction, along with the commander's
star of the Victorian Order, not as sons
of the old Duke," but as his equerrles^
that is to say, as gentlemen-in-waitlng
to an old and valued prince of the
blood. It was in this capacity, too. that
they took so prominent a part^in the
obsequies of their father at Westrnin'
ster Abbey. ; Sir Adolphus is" married,
hasa rich wife in the person of the
daughter of Thomas Holden- of Wine
stead Hall, near Hull, and has a
grown-up daughter, . who, . born while
he was stationed in the Mediterranean,
has ' as godmother Queen Olga of
Greece. She ¦ married about seven years
ago Charles Hamilton, eldest son of
Sir .Edward Hamilton : of " Trebinshun,
gad heir to the .latter'a baronetcy.
Sens of Cambridge.
TRADE DISTRIBUTION.
The sophomore and^ freshman classes in the Walla
Walla, Wash., college got into a class mix-up in. which
the co-eds took a hand. Most everything went under
the rules, from biting to clawing and hair-pulling.
Judging by the agony a girl seems to suffer when her
hat is not "on straight" or .her hair looks "just terrible, "
one cannot understand how even class loyalty would
justify*. her* in > appearing in public looking like the ex
hibits in a mayhem case. >" % .
The second instance within a few days is reported of
women automobilists knocking down and injuring peo
ple on Market street. Automobiles have many uses, but
one of them is not in attempting to break speed records
on a congested thoroughfare like Market street.
GERMAN EMPIRE — Subscriber,
City. The statistical estimates of the
population of the German Empire.'
July. 1903, was 58,549,000, as against
67,708,000 in 1902 'and 56,862.000 in
1901. In the past, ten years the pop
ulation has increased 7.800.000.
ANNOUNCEMENT OF MARRIAGE
— J. J. W.. City. There is no law that
requires that a marriage shall be pub
lished In the newspapers. There is a
law that requires that the fact of mar
riage shall be recorded in the office of
the County Recorder.
MARRIAGES— N., City. A Justice of
the Peace Is authorized by law in Cali
fornia to solemnize a marriage, there
fore a marriage by a Justice of the
Peace Is as legal as one by a minister
of the gospel or the highest judicial
officer in the land.
IRON ORE— Subscriber, City. Th»
product of iron ore in Australia during
the year 1901 was 26,664 tons of 2240
pounds each.
Ansivers to Queries.
In the year 1804 Alexander von Hum
boldt completed the epoch-making
journey in Latin America which not
only gave him his commanding position
among scientists, * but, by inspiring
Charles Darwin with a passionate de
sire to study nature In the same re
gions, led to the discovery of the laws
of evolution-
Few events in the history of the
Western Hemisphere deserve to be
more gratefully remembered by Amer
icans on both sides of that line
across the Isthmus of Panama which
it is to divide, yet bring nearer^ to
gether, the northern and southern con
tinents; and no event of the past sug
gests more clearly a method of rap
prochement which (if our government
can take a hint from the great trav
eler) may prove as valuable in the fu
ture as the ship canal itself. Humboldt
writes in the "Personal Narrative":
"We succeeded In conciliating {he
friendship of the natives, and that of
the Europeans- entrusted with the ad
ministration of these vast countries.
During the five years that we traveled
throughout the new continent, we did
not perceive the slightest mark of mis
trust; and we remember with pleasure^
that, amid the most painful privations,
and while we were struggling against
the obstacles which arose from the sav
age state of those regions, we never
had to complain of the injustice of
men." This splendid result was at
tained through simple means which are
mentioned In the following terms:
"During my abode in America, I pre
sented the governors of provinces with
a duplicate of the materials which I
had collected, and which might inter
est the mother country by throwing
some light on the geography and the
statistics of the colonies." Both the
Latin-Americans and their European
associates were permitted to realize
their, full and equal participation in
whatever gains were to be made. More
over, all were convinced that the pur
pose of the journey was not commer
cial or political; and it was found to
be true, as Humboldt has written In
another place, that "partial enmities
disappear before- the advancement of
general knowledge, which is the gen
eral cause of all nations." — Harper's
Weekly.
The Humboldt Centennarv.
ON October 3 of this year the thirteenth Interna
tional Peace Congress will meet in Boston. It is
intended that in connection therewith and imme
diately following it meetings will be held in New York,
Philadelphia, Washington, Chicago, St. Louis and per
haps other cities, to be addressed by leading foreign del
egates and strong local speakers.
The meeting at, Boston will be notable in being the
second gathering of the international body held in Amer
ica, the first having been' convened in Chicago in 1893.
It is fitting that Boston' has been selected, for to that
city belongs the honor of having started the first influ
ential peace society in the world, that founded by Wil
liam Ellery Channing in 1815. To that society much
of the credit is due for , the dissemination of the seed
which ultimately bore fruit in the great International
Peace Congresses held in Europe in the middle of the
last century. One of these, the London Congress of
1843, was the precursor of a memorable scries of meet
ings held a few years afterward, probably the most not
able being that at Paris under the presidency of Victor
Hugo in 1849.
While it would seem a high honor that a city in this
country should be selected, so remote in point of loca
tion from the countries to which the great majority of
the delegates belong, it is not to be forgotten that the
position of the United States on the question of inter
national arbitration is an honored one. No delegation
was more influential at the Hague Conference than our
own, and Baron d'Estournelles de Constant, who will
come to Boston as the leader of the French delegation,
a member of the Hague court and head of the arbitration
movement in France, recently declared that the action of
our Government in promptly sending to The Hague the
pious fund case, and by an insistence upon reference
thereto of the Venezuela cases, has done more to hasten
the regular use of the tribunal and to advance its pres
tige than anything else. In fact, the idea finally realized
at The Hague of a permanent international tribunal was
generally spoken of in Europe at the peace gatherings as
the "American plan," and credited to American thinkers
rather than to the Czar of Russia.
'The. object of the International Peace^Congresses is
to promote popular education regarding the duty of sup
planting the war system by rational and legal methods,
a speedy reduction of the armaments of the world and
the application of the vast sums spent upon them to con
structive ends, and the better general organization of the
nations in their mutual relations. .
All civilized powers have come gradually to recognize
the necessity for the establishment of an international
tribunal, and although governments, it is true, are slow
to, call upon such a court when the question involved is
one that intimately concerns themselves,: public opinion
seems little by little to be. favoring the idea that it should
be mandatory rather than -optional, that international
questions should be submitted to such a court, instead of
to a contest at arms.
THE BOSTON PEACE CONGRESS.
The Deputy Marshal of Berkeley arrested a man last
Tuesday for robbery and placed him in the prehistoric
calaboose at West Berkeley. Wednesday's sun came and
Jcissed the dew off the beautiful over-the-bay wild flowers,
out, alas! -not. off- the man. He had become annoyed at
his' poor quarters and left. Berkeley should provide her
guests with better accommodations if she wishes them
to remain.
And Colonel O'Neill had to tramp for
an hour about the post to get a pass
from the officer of the day. v>. .
An example of the Importance ' at
tached to shoulder straps was recently
brought to the notice of Colonel O'Neill,
First California I.-^iment, National
Guard. He was at the Presidio in civ
ilian garb the other day to seek an in
terview with Major Carrington, com
mander of . the Filipino Scouts. When
he approached the outer line of the
camp he was halted abruptly by a lit
tle Filipino sentry. Something about
the face of the brown man caught the
colonel's attention. The features seem
ed familiar and on second glance the
colonel recognized the Filipino as one
of the men employed by him while he
was doing duty with the First Califor
nia regiment in the Islands.
"Gangway, Pedro," said the colonel,
calling him by name and trying to
brush past.
The sentry blocked his way with
bayonet fixed. "Vamos," he said. "You
no soldier now. Me soldier. You ya-
Change About.
No one about the place can tell how
It came to be known as "lovers' leap."
for certain it is that no couple has ever
been known to start to cross or leave
it save at a slow walk.
No one has ever had occasion or
thought to pitch off the place where
happy unions were planned. But ths
old name will be retained, there being
a fear of changing the luck by bestow
ing a more appropriate one.
When the young men became old
enough to vote they voted a bridge*,
across the ravine. It was a picturesque'
affair and the new one will be as like
it as one pea is like another. There are
two great steel cables stretched across,
from bank to bank, and from these
cables a narrow platform is suspended.
After the first bridge was built the
young folks of both towns used it. The
bridge was the objective point for a
walk, and it is asserted that Cupid was
the brldgetender. It is stated that half
of the matches of the two towns have
been made there, and the boys boast
that they "popped the question" in mid
air.
The two places are separated by deep
ravines, and it was found necessary to
bridge one of them In order to get back
and forward.
It Is asserted that most of the popu
lation of the old town was composed of
pretty girls, while there was an army
of young men in the new town. Thia
occasioned much traveling back and
forward and the boys had to. go around
several miles or make a shortcut down
through the ravine.
The town of Columbus Junction and
Columbus City are built on .towering
hills that overlook the valleys of ths
Iowa and the Cedar rivers, these two
streams forming a junction near th«
towns. Columbus City is the older
town and located back of the hills.
When the Rock Island railway built
its lines there were too many hills to
get anywhere near, the town, so a new
town was started at the Junction and
called Junction City.
A "lovers' leap" Is considered a good
thing in Columbus Junction,' Iowa,
where sweethearts wore the old -affair
out and a new one Is now being built
to take its place.
The "leap" in this instance ii *
bridge, and is one of oddest contrivance
built In the Hawkey e State.
Dispensation for Lovers.
casual playcocr that under no conceiv-
L.nd now en view here are unus
ually attractive, and no doubt most of
them will cross the water before many
days*. After "A Chinese Honeymoon."
"I he School Girl" has the longest run
10 its credit of .the pieces now being
jttrformed in the West End. having
been played for 300 times or more. The
book of this piece was written orig
inally by Paul Potter, but it was whip
ped Into shape by Henry Hamilton,
the score being supplied by Leslie
Stuart, author of "Florodora." The
music of "The School Girl" is not as
generally catchy as that of the play
about the perfume, but one of the
sung?. "My Little Canoe," is a great
hit. This is sung by Billie Burke, who
is an American girl. Pauline Chase,
cf "pink pajama" fame, is also in the
cast, not to mention the star. Edna
May, who never has done anything as
Cuv.d as the little convent girl who
wanders into the Paris Stock Exchange
and pets mistaken for a typewriter.
•Unfortunately Mips May's throat,
which bfgan troubling her some time
ago. is little if any better, in spite of
treatment by London's foremost spe
cialist, and her few attempts at song
in "The School Girl" are rather painful
• to h«-ar.
Whrn George Edwardes announced a
musical version of the Sans Gene story.
tinder the title of "The Duchess of
Dantzi^." a failure seemed inevitable.
In s*pite of the manager's declaration
the libretto which had been writ
ten for him by Henry Hamilton for
trade by Ivan Caryll was the best he
ever hid read. Hamilton, by the way,
Fpfms definitely tn have deserted play
in favor of musical comedy writing.
The version of the "Three Musket
eeTB** made by him was a success both
here and in the United States, where
Botherh ust-d it. but though it was re
verted some time ago that Hamilton
was writing a r>Iay for Kyrlc- Bellow,
libretti only have c^me from him. But
"The Duchess of Dantzic" at the Lyric
is one of the greatest successes Ed
v ard«s has had. In it Holbrook Blinn,
the American singer, has the part of
N'jpoKon. "The Orchid," which open
< (1 the new Gaiety, has been played 100
'. inics. and probably will be played a
frw hundred more, having caught the
town. It is by the authors of the
"Toreador" and Quite as picturesque
j'.mi tuneful, with another "Sammy
<;;?g" part for Edmund Payne, the
ijai^iy funmaker, most of whose char
acters have ueen played in America by
A1-..3 mirthsome "Jimmy" Powers. When
. "The Cingalee," which followed "A
«:oimtry Girl" at Daly's, and which was
to be called 'Beautiful Ceylon," has
had a few catchy songs dropped into it.
it will be one of the most attractive
musical comedies ever produced. The
starring is gorgeous, perhaps the most
lavish ever seen in London, and the
story of the English tea planter's love
for th<? little Cingalee is more coherent
than is usual in this sort of piece.
Hutitley Wright, too, has plenty of
chances for laughter-making in the
part of a Babu lawyer, who assassin
ates the King's English and talks about
"killii.c the calf that lays the fatted
«--gg." and bo on. But he has no song
likely to be as popular as "To ho!
Little GirJs." nor has Earrlngton an
other 'Rajah of Bhong" ditty. There
is "The Earl and the Girl" by Seymour
Hicks and Ivan Caryll at the Adelphi,
which, assisted by several American
surgjs ar.d specialties to which Mr.
Hlcko helped himself, is evidently in
for a lengthy run, and the same may
be said for the "Cherry Girl," Hicks'
otber :r.usical play, at the Vaudeville.
It has been played since the Christmas
holidays and, as Charles Frohman is
interested in the production, probably
will be given in'the United States later
The news that R. C. Carton has fin
ished another comedy Is welcome, for
playgoers here have been afraid that
hifc recent lack of success had dis
couraged the author of "Lord and Lady
Al?y."' Beginning with "Liberty Hall."
Carton had a long string of successes,
including "The Tree of Knowledge,"
"Th<? Home Secretary, "Wheels With
in Wheels" and "Lady Huntworth's Ex
peri nic:jU" But "The Undercurrent."
produced two year's ago, was not fa
vorably received and "A Clean Slate,"
which saw the light last season, also
failed to please. The new piece has not
y«t been named, but in it Miss Comp
tbn. the original I^dy Algy and Lady
Huntworth. who in private life is Mrs.
Carjxui, will appear.
Myrterious, indeed, is the light that
Pit. audience sheds on a play! The
Flircwd and observant George Alexan
der must have mipposed he had a
strong drama in "Love's -Carnival,"
translated from the German of the
BUCCfissful "Rosenmontag," otherwise
he would, not have spent much money
• und infinite cam in producing the
piece. Presumably the long series. of
rehearsals revealed to the astute actor
riianager no dangerous weakness in his
undertaking; yet the first time a Lon
don at: -.lenoe gathers to see the play, it
becomes apparent at once to even the
HEADQUARTERS OF THE CALL.
b HENRIETTA STREET. CO VENT
GARDEN. LONDON, April 12.— That
the British drama proper Is in nearly
if not quite as parlous a state as
Messrs. Jones, Archer and Barrie as
sert cannot be denied^- but probably
London will be able for some time to
L-atisfy all demands upon it for musi
cal comedies. The prices of this
Pr?c!«.l Corresr>on<lpr.c<?
London Musical Plays,
which was conferred upon their ances
tor, Captain Hamilton of the Royal
Navy, for gallantry displayed at th»
¦lege of Quebec in 1775. Young Mrs-
Hamilton, who was portrayed some tlm«
back in a photograph entitled "Four
Generations," showing herself with her
little boy, her father, Admiral Sir
Adolphus Fltzgeorge. and her grand
father, the late Duke of Cambridge.
Is a pretty high-spirited woman, who
has had some trouble with her hus
band, which culminated in her starting
a professional beautifying establish
ment in New Bond street, much to th»
annoyance of her relatives.
It is inevitable that when people are denied their
rights, or vexatiously delayed in obtaining what belongs
to them under the law, others will by corruption secure
more than their legal rights. This is what is alleged
to have happened in the cases now at bar here. As
divulged in their hearing it appears that there has been
in vogue a system of soliciting bribes. An honest man,
seeking his rights, could get them if he would pay sums
not authorized by law. If he flinched at the risk dis
honest men would take it and get thereby what they
had no right to. So we have revealed a system of solici
tation of bribes, the use of clerks as stool pigeons,
because they were well known to land dealers as bribe
takers, and a complete, and foul system of shutting off
the acquisition of the public domain by honest men
and leaving it open only to those who would pay for
greasing the progress of patents through its various
stages.
"The men now charged with such work were pro
fessional land manipulators, but others were as liable
to be caught by detective ingenuity using official solici
tation of bribes as its instrument, and perhaps many an
honest man, finding his choice limited to abandoning
his purpose to get land legally, or obtaining what was
his right by bribery, has yielded and paid the exaction
levied upon him. In the State courts criminal cases
have no standing when the cause of action against the
accused began with the soliciting of a bribe by the
ofncial used as a prosecuting witness. There are sound
reasons in equity for this. An' examination of all the
noted cases of Congressional and other ofncial corrup
tion reveals the fact that in nearly eVery case the system
began by ofncial denial to men of their rights. When
they were compelled to secure rights that belonged
to them by bribery they would go further and recoup
themselves by securing through bribery what did not
belong to them.
Something more than prosecution of the cases now
at bar is needed. The scheme of business in the Interior
Department needs a thorough reform. No administra
tion has attempted it. It has been necessary under all.
It is true that the task presents colossal difficulties. But
it is rendered all the more necessary by the expanding
functions of that department of the Government.
lions are now in its possession to build irrigation works,
and it has the power ' of withdrawal of desert lands
in anticipation of covering them with water. Costly
works arc under way. Contractors, have to be dealt
with. The people who will finally take the irrigated
lands expecting to return to the Government the cost
of putting them under water are vitally concerned in
the methods pursued and the expense incurred.
These operations of the Government suspend private
enterprise. We have already seen the effect of this on
the Colorado River. The Interior Department has filed
on all of its water, destroying a large amount of private
capital encouraged to irrigate the Colorado desert from
that river by the assent of the War Department, which
has jurisdiction of meandered streams. If the Colo
rado is meandered as navigable, the Government has
no right to file on all its water for irrigation. If it is
non-navigable, the Government has no right to file on
it at all, for the non-navigable waters are under State
and local control entirely. So, in the prosecution of
Government irrigation, the people find an added reason
why the manners of officialdom should be mended, and
its ways -be made to conform to the private rights of
honest men.
Under all administrations there has existed in the
Interior Department a system of hold-up by clerks and
subordinates,, which has deterred and delayed the honest
acquisition of patents to mineral, agricultural and other
classes of lands. This system is well understood • by
every one who has , attempted to do business there.
Technical delays, time-wasting objections and frauds
perpetrated in the department in denial of private rights
are found conspicuous in the history of the department.
One instance in this State is remembered, because it
resulted in the final eviction j of honest "citizens from
their holdings legally acquired. One of the Mexican
grants was judicially examined and a proper delimiting
decree entered. When the Interior Department issued
the patent it was made' to cover lands far beyond the
decree. Some of these had long been patented to pri
vate owners by the Government; others were held under
the tide land patents of the State, and one im
portant 'property belonged to the Federal Government
itself. All were alienated by an official patent which
Congress declared to be an official fraud. Yet the
parties despoiled have never been permitted access to
judicial or other means for rectifying the wrong and
have been made victims of the underlying system by
which citizens are barred from their rights or despoiled
of their property.
THE Government land cases, on hearing here, re
veal some features that are of interest beyond
the immediate issues. With persons accused of
grabbing lands illegally, by forgery and subornation
of pcrjurj\ there can be no sympathy. If guilty they
commit a double offense: against the Government as
trustee of the public domain, and against the honest
citizen \vhose right of acquisition of part of that domain
under the law is abridged by its illegal absorption.
"Lizzie Wilson," almost shouted the
would-be groom. "I'll . be hanged if I
did not forget It for a time."
In about five minutes he returned,
looking happier than ever, and shame
facedly walked over to where Danforth,
puzzled by the behavior of the young
man, still stood with the uncompleted
license; in his hand. *"
"That's rood," said Danforth.
".What's your name and how old are
you, and "were you ever married be
fore?"
The young man gave his name as
Johnson, said he was 26 years of are
and that this was his first venture upon
the sea of matrimony. -
"That will do for you," said Dan
forth, "now give me the name of the
future Mrs. Johnson."
The young fellow meditated for a mo
ment. Hesitatingly he said "Lizzie."
Then he stopped, blushed, scratched his
head, looked confused, stood on one
foot and then on the other, dug his
hands into his pockets and bolted from
the room.
There was no need of putting, a tag
on the young fellow who late one after
noon last week jauntily walked
through the corridors of the City HalL
The expression on his face and the
happy look in his eyes told as plainly
as could the largest placard that he
was in search of the marriage license
office. When he entered the room pre
sided over by Cupid Dariforth he lost
no time, but inarched straight up to
the desk.
"Well, young man," said . Danforth,
"what can I do for you?"
"I want a license," said ths young
fellow, with a grin.
Should Know Better.
Southern Wyoming will shortly be
come the paradise of the trout fisher
men. It abounds in splendid streams,
streams that have not yet been whip
ped, that fairly swarm with trout. The
North Platte River, where it rages and
tumbles across the line between Colo
rado and Wyoming, Is full of big fel
lows that call forth all the muscle and
skill and patience of the most skillful
angler. The Big Laramie, the Little
Laramie, and the streams that as yet
have no name — all are well stocked.
It is strange that this wonderful
trout country is not swarming with
sportsmen every season. To the south,
in Colorado, the country is full of ho
tels and cottages and cabins and
camps. In the Black Hills of South Da
kota and the Big -Horn Mountains of
Wyoming, the fishermen flock in. large
numbers, undertaking longer Journeys
and undergoing. greater fatigues than
are required to reach the fishing
grounds below Laramie City. — Field
and Stream
An Angler's Paradise.
It is difficult to estimate the influence
of fiction to-day, but there can be no
doubt that it is very great. The
amount of time spent by hundreds of
thousands of readers in the reading of
novels passes computation, and there
are very many whose whole outlook on
life is based upon fiction. It is not
probable, scarcely believable, that such
an influence can be wholesome. It
might become so, of course, were our
present day works of fiction true to life
and human nature, but as matters
stand, it is a deplorable fact that the
vast majority of readers in this coun
try devote themselves to fiction and
newspapers, neither very safe guides to
a knowledge of truth.
Publishers are often censured for not
issuing masterpieces instead of second
or third cla=s literature. I wonder how
many people outside the inner circle
realize what terrible rubbish is being
continually offered to publishing houses
in the hope apparently that it may
see the light of print. "What weary
work is that of a publisher's reader,
miles and miles of type-written and
hand-written copy to look through, and
how few grains of wheat amid the mass
of chaff! Most often a glance at a man
uscript is enough to determine its fate;
sometimes, however, many pages have
to be read before the reluctantly un
favorable opinion is formed. Then not
infrequently the reader Is vexed to see
how a 'prentice hand has frittered
away a good idea or how a fine writer
1b wasting his force in beating the air.
Only at very rare intervals is the dis
covery made of a manuscript which is
worth careful consideration, still more
rarely does there come from an un
known writer a work worth publishing.
Very unbusinesslike are the proceed
ings of many who desire to see their
books published or their articles and
stories accepted by the magazines. Take
an example. The majority of the maga
zines have a more or less decided line
of policy with regard to stories and ar
ticles, yet editors are pestered with
manuscripts utterly unsuited to their
pages. They are also worried and
wearied with articles on subjects which
have already been recently dealt with,
and, a very common occurrence, are
offered tales and essays ludicrously
late, e. g. t Christmas matter sent in
long after all the Christmas numbers
have gone to press. A little business
forethought and common sense would
save many, a disappointment to would
be contributors and worry to editors
and publishers' readers. Editors want
good, fresh, suitable copy and do not
reject proffered contributions through
carelessness or for the fun of rejecting
them.— The Academy.
The Influence of Fiction.
Jxmdoners are looking forward to
Feeing Ethel Barrymore again. Charles
Fpihman having announced that she
will appear at the Duke of York's in
"Cynthia." Hubert Henry David's play,
.which, though produced in New York
twa, years ago, has never been seen
here.
Once more have the censor and his
blue pencil been busy and as the re
sult the French company which is to
appear at the Avenue shortly will have
to curtail its intended repertoire. Mr.
Relford thinks that Maurice Donnay's
"L'Autre Danger," "Yvette," by Pierre
Berton, author of "Zaza" and "Les
Arr.antF," another of Donnay's pieces,
are too naughty for Londoners to see!
W. W. Jacobs, author of "Many Car
goes," is the latest literary man to turn
playwright. In collaboration with
Louis N. Parker, co-author of "Rose
mary," Jacobs is working on a long
play which Cyril Maude has commis
sioned for the Haymarket.
There will be more talk about "Amer
icanization" of the stage here, for "Lit
tle Mary." which has Just been with
drawn after a run of 250 nights, is to
be followed by "The Sword of the
King." which comes from "the other
side." The part which Henrietta Cros
man played at home will be in ths
hands of Ida Molesworth. an actress
now best known in the provinces, where
she made a success in "The Adventure
of Lady Ursula."
able conditions could an Encash speak
ing public find pleasure" in it. Care
fully mounted, admirably cast, and
skillfully acted in a fashionable and
popular playhouse, there was every
thing: in its favor, providing it was a
good play. Yet it has been withdrawn
after a run of four nights — one of the
worst disasters on record at the St.
James Theater. It told.the story of a
neurotic, weak-willed lieutenant in the
German army who. prevented by army
etiquette from marrying; the humble
girl he loved, and by pride from leav
ing the army for her sake, took her life
and his own, after many a dreary scene
stuffed with explanations of the, ob
vious. It has been explained that the
play failed because the public doesn't
care for such serious, thoughtful mat
ter; or else because it was German;
but perhaps the fact Is that It failed
because, as translated and transplant
ed, it was dreary in subject, heavy in
dialogue, and loose in construction. It
has been succeeded by a revival of "Old
Heidelberg," which is quite as German
and with an even deeper ui/iercurrent
of thought, but which counts for ,hu-»
man interest la every line.
THE GOVERNMENT LAND CASES.
Turning from grand divisions of the globe to the chief
commercial nations, the statistics arc to the effect that
the United Kingdom took 24.03 per cent of her imports
from the United States; Germany, 15.86 per cent;
France, 9.67 per cent; Netherlands, 10.79 per cent;
Belgium, 11.59 per cent; Spain, 12.62 per cent;
China, 9.26 per cent; Japan, 17.9 per cent; Common
wealth of Australia, 11.92 per cent; New Zealand, 11.65
per cent; Philippine Islands, 12.46 per cent; Cape of
Good Hope, 9.52 per cent; Argentina, 12.91 per cent;
Colombia, 26.37 per cent; Venezuela, 31.97 per cent;
•British Guiana, 31.35 per cent; Mexico, 58.91 per cent;
Canada, 57.29 per cent; Cuba, 43.71 per cent; British West
Indies, 33.97 per cent, and the Central American States,
as a whole, 43.32 per cent.
As was to be expected our largest percentage of trade
is with countries nearest to us, such as Canada and Mex
ico; and next with countries with which we , have the
most ample and frequent steamship connections, such as
Great Britain and Germany. Good as is the showing
made in the monograph, it would have been much better
had Congress long ago given to American shipping on
the deep seas anything like the aid given to American
industries on* land. When once we have an ocean mer
chant marine adequate to our needs, it is a foregone con
clusion that our exports to all the markets of the world
will be largely increased. »
$215,866,000, or 52.55 per cent South America imported
$349",69 1,000, of which : $43,878,000, or 12.55 per cent, was
from the United States. Asia's imports were $965,550,
600, of which $50,167,000, or 5.2 per cent, was from the
United . States. Africa's imports were $436,256,000, of
which $24,333,000, or 5.58 per cent, was from the United
States. The imports of . Oceania were $292,107,000, of
which $34,855,000, or 11^93 per cent, was drawn from the
United States. This figure for Oceania does not include
the Hawaiian Islands, which are considered as a part of
the United States, or. the Dutch or French East Indies,
which are included in Asia.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi; SUNDAY, APRTU 24, 1904.
THE SAN FRANCISGQ CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor '..... ./. ... . AcfdresvAH Commcnicatioas to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Onlco - <^^^^^ > *** ' * * >TWr<1 and Market Streets, S. F.
SUNDAY 1 .• .¦...:.........-..... .............. . . . .APRIL 24, 1904
Forty tons of gold was changed into coin at the Phil
adelphia mint last week. Uncle Sam soon will be able
to order a new. spring suit if he continues making money
that fast '
Now that the United States has been given a deed
to the Panama canal property, let the next* good news
be : that" the i hustling sound of the American : shovel has
been heard in that land.
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
32' KEEDS .WOMAN'S EVIDENCE. — A petition
to perpetuate the > testimony of Elizabeth Read,
who on the ¦ night I of ', June • 24,"' 1002, : was . In
lured by a fall from a car on Townsond street,
was filed yesterday by Oscar I. Reed, "her son.
He - claims | his mother \ Is* j dying 1 and | that' her
testimony ' will . be : needed in . a daniace • suit* he
intends! to bring asalnst the United Railroad*.'
.-,«¦».««»• •-;.:• .*"¦•. . ¦: ¦
.The Twentieth Century Mlssionites
gave, an entertainment last night at
Mission Opera Hall, on Mission street,
between Seventeenth and . Eighteenth.
The entertainment concluded with 1 a
clever exhibition of Hypnotism. Danc
ing followed and was kept up until a
late hour. : -*—
Misslonitcs Entertain.
An interesting lecture on "The Pres
ent Crisis in the Orient" was delivered
last night by K. Koda,.A. B., M. L... ".'of
Stanford University and secretary of
the Japanese Association of America
at the Epworth League Japanese M.
E. Church, 1329 Pine street. The lec
ture was well "attended. .
Lectures on the Orient.
Charles Edelmari and E. W. Wood
ward, the notaries public that are de
fendants in quo warranto proceedings
brought by the State to oust them
from their positions, rmust answer the
suit. Their demurrers to . the suits
have been overruled by Judge Sloss
and ten days given them to answer.
Notaries Must Answer Suit.
SAN JOSE. April 23. — Supervisors Roll,
Austin unk Stern will leave to-morrow for the
Supervisors* State convention, which will con
vene at Loa Angeles next Tuesday.
«.--. An unusual interest has \ been
awakened in regard to the v conclave
and at the last held meeting of the
executive , committee it was reported
that every commandery. in Jhe State
will send a full delegation. It is pre
dicted that not less "than 15,000. Sir
Knights will be in line and that the
parade will ¦ reach from lower Market
street to. the northern end of Van Ness
avenue. Grand . Commander W. ' Frank
Pierce,' -who returned ¦recently from
the East, reports that the people East,
West,; North and South are_ preparing
to, come and predicts that At will be the
greatest and most, brilliant "conclave in
the i history^ of iTemplarlsm. •
The; illuminations; will embrace the
principal thoroughfares and center on
Union ¦ SQuaife ".with i colonnades and a
magnificent court of honor. -
During the triennial conclave of
the Knights Templar in this city next
September King Edward VII of Great
Britain will be represented by the fol
lowing delegation: Sir Knights Lord
Euston; Sir C. F.Matier, grand^com
mander of the temple; Sir A. JWoodi
wlss, knight commander of the
temple; Rev. C. E. L. Wright, past
great prelate; Sir T. P. Dorman,
knight commander of the temple; Sir
A. J. Thomas and Sir Thomas. Fraser.
The party will" sail from England on
the steamship MInnetonka, expected
to Veach New York August 21, and
proceed by. way, of Chicago to San
Francisco. These Sir Knights will be
received by a delegation of California
f raters. - *
The Knights Templnr . Parade Will
Have More Than 15,000 Uniformed
Men in Line.
Mrs. Hennessey was a pioneer resi
dent of California, arriving- here In
1855. She passed away on Wednes
day at the home of her son at Peta
luma. Deceased was widely known all
over the State and leaves five children
to mourn her loss., She was the Bister
of Brother Bettelin of New York,
Brother Justin of St. Louis and Sister
Mary Paula of Brooklyn.
The funeral of the late Mrs. Ellen
Hennessey was held from St. Mary's
Cathedral yesterday morning. After a
requiem high mass the remains were
taken to St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland,
and there Interred In the presence of
a large crowd of sorrowing friends and
relatives. . ¦
Large Crowd of Sorrowing Friends
and Relatives Attend Funeral of
Late Mrs. Hennessey.
ATTACHMENT DISSOLVED.— Judge Gra
ham ye3terday dissolved the attachment against
the Hotel Hatton Company issued on com
plaint .of Hosking & Krelgbaum. The court
held that the attachment could not hold be
muse at the time It was- issued, the atfalrs
of the company were already In the hand* of
the court a receiver having been appointed.
KING'S REPRESENTATIVES
TO ATTEND THE CONCLAVE
PIOXEER WOMAN IiAID
AT REST IX OAKLAND
LETTERS .OF ADMINISTRATION.— 1>»
Lorma M. Gunter. a niece of tie late John
A. Huntlngton. who died In this city April 19.
applied yesterday for letters of administration
upon her uncle'* estate, which she say» ex
ceeds $10,000 in value. Miss Gunter says tha
heirs at law of the I deceased are herself, four
other children of. a deceased sister of the de
ceased and Mrs. Diantha Lafavre of Missouri.
The Supreme Court yesterday re
lieved Lcvi Montgomery and wife of
a $4000 mortgage on their orange
Krove in Riversiue County and di
rected that C. S. McLaury. J- L. Mc-
I^auraj- and their wives pay the Mont
iromerys $1800. The- plaintiffs changed
their farm in Minnesota for the Riv
erside property and gave the 54 000
mortgage on their acquisition as boot.
When they arrived in this State they
decided they had been cheated and
brought suit for dam.-tges. The lower
COtnt decided In their favor and the
Supreme Court also sustains them in
their contentions. The McLaurys ad
mitted that they had done an excel
lent stroke of business, but claimed
tn*it les-il action was barred.
MonlffCKuery.s Get Relief.
On th«t day the new schedule ffoes Into
effect. On that day the cpeclal rates for the
summer season take eject. There will be an
increared number of train*, a. fast train to
Ukiah and Willits and separate trains to polnls
on the Guernevllle and Sonoma Branches. The
extension of the road from Willits to Sherwood
has been finished and will be regularly operated
commencing in May. This opens to the general
public an entirely new country. The line
I >u .->»¦* the large and extensive mills of th<»
California Northwestern I'edwood Company to
the Summit, an elevation of ISSL'5 feet, and runs
throuRh Sherwood Valley. From En Clzna.
the Summit, a view of redwood forests not yet
touched by man extends for miles and miles
and in the distance Is seen the Pacific Ocean.
Two trains dally will run between Willits and
Sherwood, thus affording all visitors to Mendo.
cino County an opportunity to view what is
considered one of the Rrandest and most mag
r.lncent ncenes In the State of California. From
Sherwood a daylight stage will run through
Mendocino and Humboldt counties for Eureka.
nirklnK a throuah ride from San Francisco to
Eureka, which can be traveled at ea>e and In
comfort. On Sunday* there will be two trains
each way to Vlnebury, Sonoma, Aqua Calie.nte
and Glen EUcd and Intermediate points, .th<?
|Mt on the return leaving Glen Ellen at 0:15
p. m., and arriving In San Francisco at 8:45
p. tn. The last train on Sundays -from tie
Gu«>rneville Branch will leave Camp Vacation
at 5 p. m. aad Guernevllle at 5:20 p. m., stop
ping at Intermediate points an/1 arriving in
San Francisco at 8:45 p. m. This will give
visitors a good, long day on those branches and
bring them home In the cool of the evening:.
Two Important Events May 1 on the
California Northwestern Railway.
A citation for contempt of court was
served upon Policeman George H.
Barry yesterday. He will appear be
fore Judge Cook to-morrow morning.
The alleged contempt consists In vio
lating the injunction obtained by Jean
Pon, proprietor of a restaurant at 1129
Dupont street, restraining the police
from interfering with his business by
blockading his premises and making
arrests therein. Barry is accused of
having arrested a woman named Davis
on a charge of .vagrancy. Chief Witt
man and Captain Duke were cited for
contempt last Monday,-but the Judge
purged them on the ground that it had
not been shown that they Had author
ized the arrest. . . ......
Cited for Contempt of Court.
The younger members of the bar,
with whom Mr. Campbell is very pop
ular, will miss his congenial company.
For the present the name of the firm,
will be. unchanged. . \
Mr. Campbell was recently married
to Miss Geary of Chicago. The bride's
father is one ,of the principal mag
nates in the great steel company.
Robert M. Campbell of the well
known law firm of Campbell, Metson
& Campbell will retire from the firm
May 1 and proceed to Chicago, -where
he wtll occupy a position as assistant
counsel for the American Steel Com
pany.
Goes to Chicago Position.
coast. As soon as the wharf could be
used material for the construction of
an electric railroad was brought by
the steamers Aurelia and Scotia, and
the line was soon in operation between
the wharf and Watsonville.
The trip from Mission-street wharf
in San Francisco to the Watsonville
landing at Port Rogers is made in four
hours. On her first trip the steamer
brought a few consignments of freight
for local firms, and on the return voy
age carried an experimental shipment
of seven chests of Pajaro Valley straw
berries. Tt is greatly desired by the
Watsonville Transportation Company
to demonstrate that better shipping ac
commodations * and more reasonable
rates on fruit shipments can be pro
vided than those prevailing ' In the
past. With this, as a primary object
the line has been constructed and put
into operation. In fact, the prospectus
declares that a million dollars a year
will be saved to this valley by the new
line; and while this statement may be
given the slight consideration due to
prospectuses in general, nevertheless
it Is not far from the truth. "— -
Already a right of way has been se
cured in Monterey County for the ex
tension of the railroad line to Vega,
5lrs. Oclrichs Constitutes Mrs. Van
derbilt Her Affcnt to Receive
Sliare of TaJr Estate.
A power of attorney from Mrs.
"Theresa A- Oehichs to Mrs. Virginia
'Vanderbilt was filed j-esterday in the
Recorder's office. In the document
ivlrs. Oelrichs appoints her sister her
true and lawful attorney to receive
from the estate of the late Charles
L. Fair and from Herman Oelrirhs,
•th» administrator of the estate, a'.l the
.dffaributive share of the estate to
which Mrs.. Oelrichs is entitled. The
document is witnessed by James H.
Gerard and William C. Bowers and
.'is ackno'wodged before the last named
'as a notary public of New York
County.
'ttlVES A POWER OP
ATTORNEY TO SISTER
¦WAT3OXVIL.L.E. April 23.— The new
steamship line between Watsonville
and San Francisco was formally In
augurated to-day. An immense crowd
of people gathered on the Watsonville
Transportation Company's new wharf
at Port Rogers to welcome the arrival
of the company's new steamer, named
in honor of one of Watsonvllle's fore-:
most citizens, F. A. Kilburn.
The new steamship line and its rail
road connection from Port Rogers, on
Monterey Bay, to "Watsonvllle, in Pa
jaro Valley, is owned by a Watsonville
stock company. One year ago the
project of an independent rail and
steamer line between this city and San
Francisco was begun by W. J. Rogers
of Russell & Rogers, lumber dealers
and ship owners of San Francisco and
San Jose. The enterprise found such
ready interest in Watsonville that the
ttock was soon marketed and the con
struction of the wharf was put under
way. The new structure is located
about a mile north of the former site
of the old Pajaro landing, long since
washed away, but still marked by a
few buildings representing Camp
Goodall. Experts have pronounced the
new wharf one of the best on the
•where the new company will compete
with the Southern Pacilic for the im
mense shipments of berries sent
out from that most productive
section of ' the Pajaro Valley.
From here the line will be ex
tended to Hollister at an early
date. Guarantees of patronage along
the entire route have oeen secured, and
much interest in the project is mani
fested in San Benito County.
The K A. Kilburn was built by the
H. B. Bendixsen Shipbuilding Com
pany at Eureka, Cal. Completely
equipped, she cost $123,000. Her engines
are of the four-cylinder triple-expan
sion dynamic balance type, and are of
1200 horsepower. Her length over all is
175 feet', with 30-foot beam. The upper
deck is for passengers only, and the
lo\V£r deck and hold for, freight. Her
fuel' oil capacity is sufficient for eight
round trips from Port Rogers to San
Francisco. There are forty-five state
rooms, all on the outer side of the up
per deck. There are electric bells in.
all the staterooms and in the officers'
quarter?. Electric lights are every
where, and, with sidelights, headlights
and searchlight, furnish all the. light
needed. The dining cabin is a model of
neatness, and under a. competent chef
provides the best of fare.
NEW VESSEL WHICH WA8 NAMED AFTER A PROMINENT WATSONVILLE RESIDENT AND THE PIER AT WHICH IT
WIIJ.. STOP WITH PASSENGERS AND FREIGHT FOR THE GREATER PROSPERITY OF THE SANTA CRUZ COUNTY
PEOPLE AT THE COAST LINE. . - - • ¦ ¦ _ - i
FHE SAN FRANGISGO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1904.
New Line Between San Francisco and the City in Santa Cruz
County Is Opened Auspiciously and the Big Enterprise Prom
ises Much for N the Progress and Prosperity, of the Region
ARRIVAL OF THE STEAMER KILBURN
AT WATSONVILLE THRILLS CITIZENS
33
ADVISTISEMENTSL
' "' ' ¦' '^ J. . • '
Waist and Lingerie
Departments.
FINE LAWN WAISTS— Also of Madras and
Cheviot, in all white, black* and colored >
stripes and figures; sizes 32*to 44; *i aa
special... .....^•UU
WHITE CHEVIOT WAISTS— In light weight;
the new Piumetis weave: also em- <fr>ir
broidered lawn waists; special $1*^3
FINE EMBROIDERED WAISTS— In several
different designs and makes, also tailor-made
waists of imported Madras and Cheviot; sold
regularly at $2.75, $3.50, tff <M ta &i i-a
$5.00; special.... $^ $d.3U
DRESDEN SILK PETTICOATS— In many dif-
ferent designs and colors; excepr nr
tional value 3uv«l3
SILK AND CREPE DECHINF WAISTS— In
white, black. and colors; special value,
$7.50, $8.50, $9.50, $11.50
y - DOTTED NET DRESS WAISTS— With lace
yoke; value $16.50; special £12 110
Vitidli dlllU AJfiJii
HI Department
Announces important reductions on a number
' of high-grade costumes for street and evening
wear. Also a large collection of High-cost r .
imported modal garments.
. ¦. . ' lt» J .
C0R^ T 5KttRHY ST3*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SEASON | I f|ff|jN lJL> k 60
*" v ** u San Francisco.
knitJtimgco. I
|^^|v^^P Opening of Dd tiling JUllb
Our assortment this year Is the finest ever
"^^^9i^W^BfM shown, and added to this are our unequaled
»i'-"wlBS^^8»^^^%i^s facilities for making special suits to order.
?!** *BR&&*^^*&^^ We h ave them nt the following prices:
* J^ftl^^TO^sfi^^ Women's Bathing Suits trom.»l. HO to 82o.OO
\. 'u ' Zm&SMSW&XBM , Complete line of Bathin? Caps. Bflndanas,
H- K*Ma*i^S^v*^l| Shoes, Bathrobes. Towels and Water wings.
For Outdoor Sports
vt ' "^nT3r^^S' w^ujSiSbI^m ""¦ il Wp have Woaicn'o Knit Jackets. Tams and
fi«?Iift£*Jn I^WEmSPsS Outinp Hats; Men'* aaft Eoyi' Sweaters. Jer-
"^^SjMHQfe^^Jffe^KJBI scys. Leppins and Caps; also Tennis, xacht-
' Pn«ter-« Llnmt-Pur. Linen .. .. ) FORM-FITTING'
r»iEt»r> Xyloret— Pure LU|e .... { • mrvr-nilir-l n '
PflHter'. Villurct-Pure Wool .. .. ) Ul * " LU * V Lrt ' V
For M«ti and Women la beet tor "COMFORT and HEALTH."
Open Eaturdaj-B until 10 P. M. . Catalcjues free on application
' Mail order* promptly fllled.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦||BBSBaBBBBBHBBBBIHaBg
| Wrinkles 1
§ Shriveled Skin I
t r*am s •' ¦ ' ~ ¦ "After using a B
j$$£gLg»L'.. f ew applications EB
WmBm&lZx oi L° la Montez ¦
mfm&fmf' ' Cremc I havc as- »
rfwP%#^ tonishedmyg
friends .with .. a |j
P&yBls&fMSrJ 1 ? clear, • smooth m
fifKv&gffiftC complexion." n
A. lady 55 H
W#&*m$&&> f years old., has B
»> ! : „ » ' succeeded in u- B
S>fe^* moving wrinkles ¦
.. a- • ¦- from her face by m
A — . using LOLA n
1 MONTEZ CREME. It will do the g
I same for you. To the young face it H
¦ gives fresh f charms, to the old re- B
B newed youth. Pot 75c, lasts three B
B months. All druggists. HJ
B TRIAL JAR. Ladies sending S
a this ad. and 10c will receive* a jar ot 5
g LOLA MONTEZ CREME, a box jg
I of Face Powder and a book of in- ¦
g| structions. . H
S Mrs. Nettie Harrison's S
B 4-DAY m
g HAIR RESTORER 5
[ Will bring back the natural . color, fi
5 Gray or | faded hair restored perma- gj
I nently without * inconvenience and H
I with no disagreeable aftereffects. Not B
¦ a dye; is clean; leaves no sediment 'B
¦ and r does '' not make - the hair &ticky. ¦
¦ $J.OO per bottle.'; AU druggists. >i ¦
¦ HAJR «
¦ Permanently removed by the ELEC- B
¦ TRIC NEEDLE as operated by me. B
a MRS. NETTIE HARRISON S
H Dermatologist / ¦
9 ; J46 GEARY ST., j S. F^ CAL^jJ
¦BBflBBBBBBBBBflflBBBBBBfl
A COLUMN of COYVEXIEXCE,
of ACCOMMODATIOX and
BEASOXABLE RATIiS— OUR
MO.VEV TO LOAX ADS.
Itrllablc brokers and confl*
dontlal treatment.
I»A1TX)SIEX'S.
I flT < *B) (A APPII 26th
I gM\i $35,000
1 r t^^^^ B S* Oli Worth of Jixminsters,
3 j^^tij^l^^ |\ Body Brussels, Imperial
I Velvets, Tapestries, In>
I grains, and also 200 as*
% 'K^llli^ sorted Rugs of all sizes
\l l^*&&jSr and qualities, will be sold
iff Tuesday, April 26
Bi \ * From 1 to 4 p» m»
1 \ V^ At Public Auction.
I] IT IS * CH^MCE OF J}
K LIFETIME,
% Cor. 16th and Mission.
!/;,.-. - ADVEBTISEMENT3.
j.i >jmni. jiiiiiiiiiiiii» iiinnniMiiai ¦
H .' ' -^^ »' A MILLION TTAT.Te OLD ORAND- H
U /^^^^^F^^^sj DADS credit their healthy old age to
H CASCAEKTS Candy Cathartic, and
I are telllnar younger folks how to stay
fa f^S^ _ young In spirit by using CA8CAB-
H Sff zf^ *V \] ETS - That's why the sale la OVER A
1 — S^'iV MILLION BOXES A MONTH. The
3 J/i Vi^i one who likes good eating and arood
H j2** &*> dunking can always depend on CAS-
i VkJ'" CABETTSto help digest nl3 food, ton©
I vPiltPc^''*' / WrW^ up k* 8 lc ' tes^ ries > stimulate his liver,
a ' p^^JS--*TS^^r' kee P hls bowels regular, his blood
H fc^^^^^^g^S«r V «^>f pure and active and his whole body S
ra W^a^^tog>^^y / LjjV b«*»ithy, clean and -wholesome. "In C
M |^^^^~*^«fc \y ¦ ir time of peace prepare for war," and g
M traMi" ' S^ /'i± have about the house a pleasant I
M tlffiL —" r Jra!»w medicine for sour stomach, sick §
m _itmrF^^_ headache, furred tongue, lazy liver H
II J^^^ JSar^ k*" 1 D«>a tn . tad taste-CASCARHTS g
H J 4ggHBgBr ! lpB g M^r J&^ Candy Cathartic — a tablet at bed- I
9 . time will fix you all right by morn- B
ki /E&^^JriPva^ Jr ta ?- A^ druggists, 10c 25c, 60c |
m (jyfgr KB —«.- —I Never sold in bulk. The genuine tab- M
mfMF M ™f J*7,r!™,™* letstampedCCO. Sample and book- I
I W f let freo * Address Sterling Remedy : I
H^^Sfc_ CAND-y CATHARTIC ,0*^*08^$
I ANNUAL SALE -TEN MlLLIOiy BOXES 1
¦^ Greatest In the ytoM •-'•>-:•; ' : .--'y'J"At a recent meeting of the State
Board of Accountancy It was decided
to hold the next examination June 6.
at 10 o'clock a. m., in the office of the
board at 503 California etreet Candi
dates must file their applications for
certificates by May 20.
Announces Date of Examination.
S.F.Btoll, dectUi; iiaight * Maaoole »T»*
SUE TO RECOVER' MONET.— Porter, Bros..
as trustees of Porter Bros., the bankrupt com
mission - house, filed suit yesterday to recover
*5000. with; interest, '.from-.J.' P.. Trlolo. The
defendant borrowed' the money ¦ from the ' firm,
it is claimed. \ • • .; ,
: Trapper's Oil cure* rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. : Klchard & Co.. 40tJ Clay.*
APPROVES RECEIVER'S ACCOUNT.— The
account : of W. F. Ambrose, receiver of the
Columbia BowllnB Association during the time
of the recent • quarrel :. between „ the directors,
was approved '.by Judge Mura«ky - yesterday
and a fee of $600 allowed htm. The directors
have settled their dispute. ;
¦ Tickets on sale and- seats on the stage
reserved at 641 Market • st. San Fran
cisco. ¦¦ , • . . . .. "
The Santa Fe from Mercediis the best
way. Through two groves of Big Trees;
into the Valley one way and out an
other. ' .' ¦
YoscmltoNow Open.
Water Is Potable.
The Board of Health informed the
Board of Supervisors yerterday that
the chemical examination of the wa
ters from Crystal Springs, Pilarcitos,
Corth and South Lake Merced and
l*ake Honda results in finding them
sotable.
George "S^oung is accused of having
burglariously entered the room of
Walker Frederickson, at 173 Seventh
street.»*and taken therefrom a suit of
clothes valued at $40 and a watch. and
a razor. It is further alleged that he
sold the clothing for $2 75 and had the
watch and razor In his possession when
he was arrested. The" charge Is grand
larceny and Judge Cabaniss will hear it.
Jessie Vassar, a shapely brunette,
was fined $5 for vagrancy by Judge
Mogan, despite her plea that she was
merely seeking an apartment in which
to establish a dressmaking shop when
a. vigilant policeman found her prowl
ing the'eorridors of a Market street
lodging-house of shady repute.
"If you were not young and inex
perienced in the ways of the under
world you would never . spring the
chestnutesque dressmaking plea," said
his Honor to Jessie, "and for your own
sake I hope you will celebrate your re
lease from this scrape by returning to
the straight and narrow path that is
trod by true womanhood."
Jessie paid her fine and assured the
court that she "will at. once go back to
her parents In the country and live
with them as long as they are willing
to keep her. ? .", ,.
"That's the talk," said the Judge,
"and may good luck go with you. 1 '
' If the sum of $30 is not paid into Judge
Mogan "s court to-morrow by Fred
Pierce he will be sentenced to thirty
days' .Imprisonment for stealing a
canary bird. Mr. Pierce says he has
genteel and wealthy relatives who will
pay his fine with alacrity. ;
Chauffeur Newcomb says that the
maximum- speed of his automobile was
five miles an hour when he was arrest
ed for fast driving within the city
boundaries, and the policeman who
made the arrest declares with equal
positiveness that the machine was run
ning at the rate of at least eight miles
an hour when he stopped it. Judge
Fritz is weighing one estimate against
the other, and may be able to hand
down a decision to-morrow. Newcomb
is employed by Mrs. de la Montanya.
insisted Joseph. "He trya ; "ta picka th'
pock'." ; '. .
"Really, Joseph,, you are displaying
a spirit of malicei ;which is at once un
scrupulous and unbecoming," said the
court. "I must fine you' $5 for disturb
ing the Dcace and a similar sum for
carrying a concealed weapon. The oth
er defendant is' discharged, as he seems
to have. been-, the -aggrieved party
throughout."
Log Cabin! ."The bread with a. flavor.", Ask
your draler — wholesale — 000 Dolores «t. • •
pad would not attempt to practice his
profession. at 5 o'clock p. m. on crowd
ed Market street. And this young chap
is not a footpad of any kind, I'm sure.
He was chasing his hat when he acci
dentally ran afoul of you."
"Chasa th' hata alia in th* schema,"
"Not delivered for want, of time" is
a rubber stamped notice placed on let
ters that arrive at their destination a
day or two late, and that has been the
subject of much complaint and com
ment on the part of the addressees. It
means that the carrier on that partic
of eight hours before reaching the ad
of eight hours befroe reaching the ad
dresses of the letters mentioned. All
mall matter in possession of the car
rier at the close of his eight hqurs' la
bor Is returned to the postofflce, to be
sent out again on the next regular de
livery. If a carrier should work over
time without permission a fine of a
day's pay or- half a day's pay is im
posed upon him. The Government of
ficials reason that It is not expedient
or good business procedure to place in
the hands of an employe the power to
increase his own salary by doing work
more slowly than necessary and then
claiming pay for overtime.
Owing to the large quantity, of mail
matter delayed by, reason of the. time
limit, the Postofflce Department has
sent to this city Postoffice. Inspectors
J. D. Farrell" of Chicago and J. J.
Smyth of Arizona to Investigate the
carrier service in this city and report
such improvement and extension of the
carrier service as may seem to be re
quired. They held a conference yester
day with Postmaster Fisk and A. M.
Cox,' superintendent of city delivery,
and the local officials impressed the
visitors with an appreciation of the
necessity for an increase in the forde
of carriers In this city, so as to aVold
the annoying delays in the delivery of
mail in the outlying city districts.
Postoffice Inspectors .Are in
Conference With Arthur
G. Fisk and His Associates
Patrolman Edner was pacing his
weary round and passing a sailors'
boarding-house at Front and Jackson
streets when abruptly, emerged from
the doorway thereof the bulky form of
Louis Hansen, able seaman, and an in
stant later a heavy earthen cuspidore
followed him and shattered to bits at
the officer's feet. Mr. Hansen was hat
less and both ' his eyes were dark
rimmed and swollen.
"The Iversons did it," he explained to
the policeman, and then he accompa
nied the latter, to an apartment on the
second story v of the ; hostelry, . wherein
were discovered Harry Iverson, a. b.,
and his wife Teresa, locked in close
embrace and punching, scratching and
biting each other most vigorously.
When the officer' split.-, them \. out ; he
found that the man had lost consider-,
able hair and the woman's' eyes, were in
the same condition as Mr. Hansen's. So
he arrested the trio for fighting. ;; ; V '
None of the defendants could explain
to Judge Mogan Just what' startedlthe
fracas, but all were very, sorry that it
• • *
"Good enough." quoth the court. "I'll
give you till Monday to produce the
chiropodist."
"Do you know the man who did com
mit that offense?" the Judge inquired.
"I do," replied the defendant; "he's a
corn doctor and I can bring him here
to testify that I'm innocent." .
Accused of disorderly conduct, Louis
de Marlnl told Judge Cabaniss that a
mistake had been made in the matter
of his arrest, as he was not the person
who had hauled down and destroyed
the banner borne by a "picket" in front
of a Mason-street restaurant that was
under boycott by the Cooks' and Walt
ers' Union, vy. .
Charles A. Carroll, charged with con
ducting a lottery place at 417 Fourth
street, was arraigned before Judge
Conlan and demanded and was granted
a Jury trial. He was (arrested by Pa
trolmen Egan and O'Connell, who stat
ed he informed them that he was Im
mune from police interference because
he was representing a large and well
known lottery agency.
"If you had told the truth you would
have fared better," remarked his
Honor, by way of preface to handing
Charles the maximum penalty.
"WTiat do you say to that?", asked
the Judge, and Charles hung his head
and confessed that he had prevari
cated.
Charles Hall, vagrant, lied to Judge
Fritz and was given six months' im
prisonment for it. Charles declared
that he was employed as harness man
in the stable of a wholesale grocery
firm, and that his character could be
vouched for by the foreman of the es
tabHshment, George Keenan. The bail
iff was instructed to telephone to the
stable, which he did, and received the
information that no such person as
George Keenan was known there, nor
had Charles Hall ever been on the pay
roll.
Two men are In the hospital with
probably fatal injuries' as the "result of
a shooting which occurred Saturday
night, April 16, in the Hughes House
on Sixth street, between Mission and
Howard. One of them, George Pear
son, ; a teamster, shot the other,
Charles Ford, «. glassblower, In the
mouth and then in an effort to avoid
arrest jumped from a third-story win
dow to a stone sidewalk forty-five feet
below, sustaining damages which may
result in death. He is charged with
assault to murder, and, If he survives,
the case will be heard May 3 by Judge
Mogan, who yesterday learned that
there was a worthless woman at the
bottom of the tragedy.
Her name is Clara Evans, and Pear
son and Ford were rivals for her fickle
affection. Pearson was visiting her
apartment in the Hughes House when
Ford, accompanied by a seafaring
friend, rapped xm the door. Pearson
responded and when he saw his rival
he drew a pistol and dared him to en
ter. Ford accepted the challenge and
Pearson fired. The bullet entered
Fold's mouth and is still buried some
where in his head, the Heceiving Hos
pital surgeons considering Its removal
too risky to attempt. The wounded
man fell, the sailor ran away, the
woman screamed and swooned and
Pearson sought to escape via- the stair
way until he saw that route blocked by
the burly form of Patrolman McEntee.
Then he re-entered the woman's
chamber and leaped through the win
dow. His legs are broken and he is
injured internally.
Since the occurrence the woman has
been in a state of nervous prostration,
and the sailorman, who was the only
other witness of the shooting, has suc
ceeded in bafSng pursuit.
It now remains to be seen whether
Judge Cabaniss will consider the tes
timony sufficient to justify him in up
holding the decision of Judge Conlan.
or whether- he will agree with Bying
ton that the evidence is strong enough
to warrant his holding the defendant
for murder.
Fossa killed Vincenza Lavagnino by
throwing him downstairs in a house
on Chestnut street one night several
months ago ;ind after hearing the evi
dence Judge Cabaniss held him for
manslaughter. The District Attorney,
however, considered the testimony suf
ficient to hold the defendant on the
capital charge' and accordingly filed in
formation against him for murder. It
was then discovered that the Supreme
Court had just decided that when a
person has been held by a committing
magistrate to answer a certain charge
It Is the duty of the District Attorney
.to act in accordance with that charge
and not to' undertake judicial func
tions In any way. This dt-cision re
stored Fossa to the position in which
Judge Conlan had placed him — a de
fendant held to answer for man
slaughter — but the District 'Attorney
did not let it go at that, for yesterday
he again filed information for murder
against Fossa and had the hearing
assigned to Judge Cabaniss.
An interesting point of law Is In
volved In the case of Giovanni Fossa,
who Is to be arraigned before Judge
Cabaniss to-morrow on a charge of
murder filed by District Attorney By
ington.
While the wind was cutting mis
chievous capers on Market street Fri
day afternoon one of its spasmodic
gusts lifted Philip Bruce's hat from his
head and skimmed it along the side
walk paralleling the Palace Hotel.
Philip pursued, the fugitive headgear,
and so deeply intent was he upon its
recovery that he saw nothing else. That
was how his bowed head butted into
the abdomen of Joseph Garcia as that
gentleman posed in front of a candy
store and held aloft a large signboard
which informed all whom it might con
cern that the finest and cheapest con
fections on earth could be purchased
inside. Joseph resented the rude intro
duction by bringing his placard down
with violence upon Philip's uncovered
cranium, and then they mixed and
were arrested. In one of Joseph's pock
ets the policeman foynd a large pistol
of antique pattern. Philip's hat was
captured and restored to its owner by
a sympathetic spectator.
"Dees man one tief," said Joseph
Garcia to Judge Mogan. "He holda me
up an' trya to taka ma mon'."
'.'.Tut, tut. Joseph, your plea is silly,"
said his Honor. "Even an idiotic foot-
On two separate occasions Joseph P.
Mann drank himself into a belligerent
mood and then, attempted to destroy
the stock in trade of Grocer McCaffrey,
at Bryant and Zoe streets. His second
invasion ; ofc the premises took place
Friday evening, when with a' beer bot
tle in each hand he began the work of
demolition by smashing eggs. He had
damaged irreparably all the hen fruit
within his reach, and was about to
transfer his attention to a shelf laden
with canned tomatoes when Patrolman
Cook entered and stayed his destruc
tive hands. Judge Mogan pronounced
Mr. Mann guilty of peace disturbance.
Sentence to-morrow.
had occurred. Mr. Hansen prayed for
dismissal on the ground that he. had
been non-aggressive and that the
sturdy lumber schooner Fair Wind was
ready to sail and could not leave port
without him, and his prayer bore the
desired fruit. A- similar plea was
sprung "by Mr. Iverson, whose, craft, the
Tidal Wave, was awaiting his steady
hand and experienced eye to steer her
through the Gate, but he was fined $5
for blackening the optics of his help
meet. The case of the lady was con
tinued till to-morrow, as the departure
of no wind jamming coaster depends
upon her personal freedom.
LARGER FORCE NEEDED
Complaints of Delayed De
livery of Mail Being In
vestigated by Agents
District Attorney Byington Will Have the
Slayer of V. Lavagnino Arraigned Be
fore Police Judge Cabaniss To-Morrow
ANOTHER MULDER CHARGE
FILED AGAINST G. FOSSA
MORE CARRIERS
ARE REQUIRED
THE SAN, FRANCISCO GALL, SUND^; APRIIJ^24; ; 190^
34
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
fij3*$ JSstf J^^^^ B EjM Every woman covet* a
loss of their girlish forms
All of this can be avoided,
¦towever, by the nse of Mother's Friend before baby comes, as this
great liniment always prepares the body for the strain upon it, and
preserves the symmetry of her form. Mother's Friend overcomes all the
danger of child-birth, and carries the expectant mother safely through
this critical period without pain. It is woman's greatest blessing.
Thousands gratefully tell of the benefit and relief derived from tbo
use of this wonderful
remedy. Sold by all Jw|iS^ j*-^ J& ILps mum.9
book, telling all about . fam ¦ * m m
tint liniment, will be sent free. £aL^ ££*& tif MtHtk AB4S HfrUx
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ,.'..'
I ml- Stylish Laee i
"W'JiP'n- Net Waists I
•'/^^S^^^K-J Ve are sllowin » an cle & ant ' J
/y^y^^^^^^ up-to-date white net waist I
fi' / \. witH the long shoulder lace.j
Llk^&L JtoS-ar yoke effect > silk lined > so much I
ff^^^^^g^fi^^p^ desired, having large fancy I
*^?3 frvsmt^ sleeves ; must be seen to be /
(Mf^^'3 anoreciated. Resfular price II
Ifireatest of I
Embroidery Sales I
Several thousand yards of elegant embroideries used for win- I
dovv display during the big sale of last week will be placed on J
sale to-morrow. Finest Swiss Nainsook and Cambric Edgings, U
Flouncings and Insertions at about half price: »
12% c and isc Embroideries Oc yard |
i8c and 20c Embroideries....: 12c yard I
25c and 30c Embroideries... 19c yard ¦
'¦ 3Sc and 40c Embroideries : '.24c. yard II
45c, 50c and 7Sc Embroideries. . 1 -«« yard II
85c, $1.00 and $1.50 Embroideries J3c yard' H
Perrin's Gloves Misses' i
\ Are the Best Tailored J
J WOMEN'S 2-CLASP GLACE Quite I
I ?i.2S Gloves ©oc *• .11
1 Black, white and all shades: Correct judges of Misses I
1 WOMEN'S 3-CLASP $1.50 dresses will instantly see their 1
I REAL FRENCH KID style characteristics and admit 1
I GLOVES . . . . ..... . . .91.00 the excellence of these «ar- I
I Black, white and all shades. -merits. Misses' Fancy Eton ¦
I WOMEN'S P. &. M. CAPE ' Suits, trimmed skirt, in navy, I
f| -WALKING GLOVES. Eng- brown, black; ages 12 to 18 ¦
II. lish reds, black and white. years. Regular value $16.50. ¦
II Equal to a $2.00 value.$1.50 Sale price ..... <t|f| ll
|l All gloves fitted and warranted. ....... ;..... V IV *°V.
I YOU ARE CORDIALLY .'INVITED TO VISIT • J
The New Millinery Section I
I ON THE THIRD. FLOOR. ' I
It AVe take "pleasure in announcing that Monday morning we' I
I will greet you \ in bur enlarged Millinery Department. The main I
I object in the arrangement- of this section has been to make it as.
I ccurifortable and inviting as possible to our friends and patrons. «
I Ample accommodation as to space, exceedingly fine light and .11
I ventilation, in fact, nothing has been omitted to make shopping in 11
If this- beautiful MHlinery Department a pleasure. Whether you wish II
H to purchase 'or not \ you will -always be- welcome to enjoy t your II -
, II .visits 5 to this pleasant section. For this occasion we- have, en- II
U deavored to make the most artistic display of millinery possible. II
U The same factors i (.which have caused this department to grow so ,11
•K rapidly : in the ; pas.t ; stand out^ more prominently; now than ever H
II before and will make you realize the great reasons why you ji
*4 »hould purchase here. ; U
; 'jK .::¦/;¦ ¦" • ¦¦ ' ¦ ¦ ' • ' ¦ • . • - 'nCfrt
W^^IM^nis :& Com
WA Cor, Srant Jive, and Seary cSV. "Ml
iSl AGENTS ROYAL WORCESTER CORSETS. j^f
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
SpCCJdl VollIGS
...THIS WEEK...
200 Dozen Imported Black All-Over Lace Lisle Hosfli
.: genuine Hepmsiopf doe, spliced heels and toe>
These hose are m 9 different stules: all sizes from
8 to 10.
Price 35c Pair
Or S4.00 per Dozen.
Regular Value. 5Oo and 60c Fair.
Dozen Ladles' White Lisle Thread Vests, high neck
and long op short sleeves, low neck and sleeveless.
We have also drawers to match the ahove in either
knee op ankle length.
Price 50c a Garment
250 Dozen Ladles' Fine Linen Camhrlc and Sheer Linen
Hemstitched Handkerchiefs. These are from one of
the best manufacturers In Ireland,
Price $1.00 Dozen
100 Dozen Black Sateen Petticoats, male from an extra
Quality of fine mercerized sateen, full size and fast
hlack. 'Then come In assorted styles, with accopdeon
pleatedTlounces and hemstitched ruffles.
: / Price $1.00 Each
12 Dozen Heavfl. Black Silk Petticoats, made from a
Swiss* taffeta. These are made with accopdeon
pleatel fiounces and 6 rows of hemstitching.
Price $6.00 Each
M/^^TTF^ Orders by mail receive .prompt attention.
A-^V-^ * -¦*•—*..> All orders: for samples or goods filled
¦ . = v end shipped same day they are received.
\\U 113, 115, 117; 119/ 121 POST STREET i
ADVESTISEMEMTS.
//* m p^mM fft\^l ¦llNrgwn1 l 1fwl*il 'ii ft f *i^lH?y < 25 V \I
tf \Zi. >J^«>-W.~-»-«^».1.»« .11. ... ii,. M ¦«».¦' J JU«are»J«.»»«ljlITr. < »— " HfH**»lh**JW— ¦ •— ' «
*¦ T — ( ** --•;_¦ .
SPECIAL SALE OF
CHILDREN'S IMPORTED
HAND MADE DRESSES
Ages 4 months to 6 years.
Commencing; to-morrow, April 25, and contin-
uing during the week, we will hold a special sale of
CHILDREN'S IMPORTED H A N D - M A D E
DRESSES. All are fashionable models imported di-
rect from Paris: the materials are French Nainsook,
Persian Lawn, Pique and Linen. Strictly hand-made
and exquisitely •hand-embroidered and trimmed with
real and imitation laces.
PRICES HAVE ALL BEEN MARKED
LOWER THAN THE ACTUAL COST
OP IMPORTATION : : : : :
Hundreds- of styles — rarely two of a kind — an un-
usual opportunity to purchase dainty hand-made im-
ported dresses at a great reduction in price.
[ LADIES' WAIST SS^ I
DEPT. frSfK,
LADIES' WAISTS, made in R§2*~^
our own workroom; vokc com- J *s^^^^>>w
posed of all-over lace; sleeves Xro^o^b^^&k
and lower part of waist made of / V<>£°^^S^\\
fancy dotted . \va?h net; sizes 34. ////S^rfiA^ii \
to 40. An exceptionally stylish f Mjf f £ ;y *v ¦ .flV- \
and dressy waist for evening/ 4j| . ig yf \
wear (see illustration). $13.50^ Mji j j , \\jjf J \
Special S9.00
.J^b- Broken Lot of 100
Jpil Waists
\^A^ Desirable styles, made of silk
JsSSL^^^ vesting in Bulgarian designs and
P' jn nictal effects; sizes 32 to 44.
J>«5|5W&o>r«>. (^ ee illustration.)
iw%t'%^K $10.50 value,
0^^&^^^ Special Sale Price
Vv^sJff $3.50
\y^^^i ls ** positively the greatest
K*^ reduction that we have ever
Special Sale of
Bulgarian Collar and Cuff Sets
LADIES' COLLAR and _ CUFF SETS, made of linen
scrim; embroidered in Bulgarian designs. 25c if* _ fl _ _ 1
*nd 50c values at I DO pBl SGI
LADIES' UNDER- gSfek- I
WEAR DEPT.
LADIES' CORSET COVERS J \^
(see illustration), made of Lonsdale's id' • lJ^\
best cambric; front and back neatly */i^§toS&^U[ \
trimmed with torchon lace and lace /§^Ote*£*dA AC
beading with ribbon drawn through; / K^*t^^^^3 \ \
sizes 34 to 42; made in our own K Sy*^^^j/ / J
workroom, i-in exceptionally good >o^^/' s^ y*
918-922 MARKET STREET
FPFpOur new Illustrated Summer Catalogue will ba tent fre« \
• l » Ll -to out-of-town people.
Exclusive Pacific Coast Agents for the "ARNOLD" GOODS
formerly sold by Mrs. Ober.
EXPEBT OPTICIAg.^ / ;'_
. Do You Wear Glasses?
Are they SOOTHING and RESTFUL? Do they
relieve the strain, blurring and tiring of th#
eyes? If not. use George Mayerle's Antiseptic
Eyegriass Wipers. 15c: 2 for 25c.
GEORGE MAYERLE'S German Eyewater —
perfectly harmless. . Makes weak eyes strong,
sore eyes well: Rests tired eyes.
Beware of Injurious Imitations.
Insist on getting the genuine, bearing a
crown and the signature of George Mayerli.
Price 50 cents; by mall 62 cents. Send money
order or Wells-Fargo.
G eor ge Mayerle
German Expert Optician, 1071 Kariet Si.
C^ 3 2 doors from 7th St.
EYES EXAMINED FREE.
Open evenings until 9. Phone South 572.
Mayerle's Glasses Are XsTariably Recom-
mended by Every Wearer.
SXSTEB MAST BAPTIST.
Sister of Mercy. Grass Valley. Cal., writes:
Mr. George Mayerle — Dear Sir: I am per-
fectly delighted with the glasses you made for
me.
rx&OM GEircsAii vrtn. booth.
Salvation Army.
Mr. Mayerle — Dear Sir: The glasses yon
made for me are tho best that I ever remember
using. Tours faithfully. WILLIAM BOOTH.
OPPOSE WIDOW'S ACCOUNT.— W. A.
Luse. Mary R. Smith and Emily Vandevort.
heirs of the late Henry H. ' Luse. filed an op-
position yesterday to the final account of
Lydia H. I Luse, widow of the deceased and
administratrix of his estate. They claim th»
account is not correct. The objectors are step-
children of Mrs. Luse. .
« ? »
Stock certificates and seal presses at short
notice. Efiw. s. Knowles. 24 Second at. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Your
Opportunity
China
Crockery
Glassware
Enamel Ware
High Grade
Ornaments
50
It pays
to trade
at
Ireat American Imparting Tea Co
861 Market 21O Grant av«. 14 1» PoUc
14O Sixth . 1S1» Devlsadero 706 Larkin
475 Haight i S00« Sixteenth 855 Hayes
32S5 Mission 521 Monte' av«. 62 Market
2008 Fillraor* 2516 Mission 146 Ninth
¦¦¦¦¦IBIIIIIMII ¦Wi'b'mmi ¦ 4«» Fourth
$500.0 0 Reward
If the Pndlc Blnr falls to ; cure Organic
Weakness.; Lost:- Visor. .Varlcocele. It
compels Growth and Vigor. The world's
greatest surgeons have been trying for
years to find some practical method of
controlling the Pndio Herve, as this
would.- be a permanent cure In all cases.
Dr. Burnard of France has accomplished
this is tho Pudic Kingr, as It surround*
and comes In direct contact with thfc
Pudio Herre,\which controls the Organs
of Generation. BTo Mediciat. So Xneoa-
?enienc*. L«st8 a lifetime.. $3 SO post-
paid. DK. BUBSAXD CO, 140 Oeaxy St.The vessels on the overdue list were
quoted for reinsurance yesterday as
fallows: ; Lamorna, 90 per cent; Engle
hdrn and'^Notre Dame, 15 per cent;
Alba,- 10: per. cent; Lamorlciere, 40 per
cent..- . ""¦¦'•¦ -.• ¦-.- •. V» J-^fi;- -¦••-¦. ¦•¦-•¦•¦ - ¦¦¦¦'¦'' ••"
The Overdue List.
H. J.; Crocker's Daughter Dies.
., Florence Virginia Crocker, the 14
year-old 'daughter of Mr. and Mre.
Henry "J. Crocker, passed away at the
home, of v her, parents yesterday.. The
funeral^ will be held to-morrow'after
noon at\2' 6'ciock" from the Crdcker
resideVce",r2301 Lagruna. street, inter
ment .will be private.
=", He may. look' pleasant whatever ycu offar^but
set out -Old Gilt Edse". whlakey and he'll fe«l
pleasant.' Wholesale at 320 Clay «t.» ¦> F.
WiCbman. Lut««n A C*. ¦¦- •
The most exciting. competition of the
day was in. the class ;f or qualified hunt
ers/ ' In this the : eight ; horses entered
had to "clear a . five-foot -fence. .The"
horses V and ; riders .have ; just - closed : a
successful . season with the San ;' Mateo
County I draghounds and were ¦ . letter
perfect. . The; blue. ribbon went to; Mr.
Carolari's'.Qui Dado, ridden by. Charles
Richardson. '', Huntsman Jerry, Keating's
mount. Trie. Bell : maVe, .was second, and
Mr. Carolan's Vwith < his
owner up, was .third. £., ,
ti W. S.Hobart's famous <high .jumper
Royalty^ wasj; a. competitoV^ being .rid
den by a , mite of •; a boy. The old horse
shows his years in :his; whitened coat.
He Is also touched ¦-, iii the .wind, . but
he can^ still -jump llke : a "f our-year-rbld."
That ' Mr.";', HobartJ h'as ' not £ lost vhls
knacky of showing in the: ring
, was evidenced when \ he t carried off two
blue X ribbons) - iri^ the Vpolo . poiiy- ¦ class.
In the name of sweet charity the
members of Burlingame Country Club
sent the best of their riding and driv
ing horses yesterday into the show
ring. Fair maids in;dainty'go\vns and
in trim gray riding habits drove and
rode over the cool, green polo field at
F. J. Carolan's Crossways Farm in
friendly competition for blue ribbons,
the insignia of excellence in the ring.
The show, which was for, the benefit
of the, Armitage Orphanage, w-as ar
ranged hastily so that the entry was
not up to that of . its predecessors.
There was, sufficient class' to lift th<2
affair, out of the ordinary and -to make
it an interesting spectacle to witness.
. The ladies took part II some exciting
competitions during. the morning,. Miss
Howard winning, in one class with the
Carolans* pair, Pastime; and Pleasure.
Mr. Beylard's Beppo and Jacko, driven
by Whitelaw Reid's daughter, ¦ was
placed second. ' In the single class Miss
J. A. Crocker won with Digore, Mr.'
Carolan's Silver Tips, driven by Miss
Kirk, being placed second.
*,; The artistic polo, pavilion" was gayly
decorated with flags and bunting and
made a picturesque background for. the
well gowned ladies and" for their, es
corts as they maved about the lawn.
Several members of Mr. Harriman's
party were present as guests of the
club meiribers. P
JUMPERS ARE CLEVER.
: Four-in-hands shown park? brake
—Henry -A.- Butters* Commander.iEd.
w'ard VII., ' Captain Jinks and Ginger
first, F. J. Carolan's Truth, Treason.
Rhyme and Reason second. ¦
Tandems— F. J. Carolan's Silver Tips
and Pleasure first, Bay wood Farm's
Chum and Pasco second.
I Hunters shown over five-foot Jump —
F.. J. -Carolan's Qui Dado, ridden by
Charles Richardson, 'first; San -Matep
County/ Hunt's: The Bell mare," ridden
by Huntsman Jerry Keating, second;
F. J. Carolan's Scarborough, ridden by
Mr. ' Carolan, third. — . ; '. . '-.
,. Lightweight polo pony — W. S. Ho
bart's Palmyra first, R. M. Tobin's
Pet second, P. D. Martin's Jack third.
Ladies' saddle horse over 14 hands—
E. D. Beylard's Tommy Tompkins, rid
den by Miss Reid, first; F. J. Carolan's
Sporting Duchess, ridden by Miss Kirk,
second.
. ¦ Heavyweight polo . pony— W. ' S. Ho
bart's Quail first, F. J,. Carolan's, Beau
Brummer second, I\ J. Carolan's Ras
cal third. - " .• ,
Whittell's Gadfly third. '
Best mare or gelding over 14 hands
driven by a lady— Miss J. A. Crocker's
-Disrore, driven by owner, first; P. J.
Carolan's Silver Tips, driven by Miss
Kirk, second: E. D. Beylard's Jacko.
driven by Miss Reid, third.
Lady's saddle. horse— F. J. Carolan's
Madrono, ridden by Miss Catherine
Barney, first; Miss J. Reid's Lallan
Rookh, ridden by owner, second; Paul
Clagstone's Sister, ridden by Mlsa
Kirk, third.
Best mare or, gelding over 13:2 hands
—Henry A. Butters' Commander first,
E. D. Beylard's Tommy *Tompkln3
second, F. J.- Carolan's Prince Charm
ing third. .>>.»:
'.' Best mare; or gelding over, 14 :3 . hands
— -E. : D. / Beylard's '. Tommy. . Tompkins
first,, Bay wood Farm's Padre second.^; ,
.¦: Best 'pony. : over.^ l B:2; hands arid under
14 :3^F. Silver^ Tips,' first.-
Bay wood Farm's ' Pasco'J second,' 'Miss
"¦. Bjest, pair, /over 14. hands .Hadies to
drive) — . F. \ J. , Carolan's ': Pastime and
Pleasure, driven by. Miss Howard, first;
E. , D. ' Beylard's Beppo. and . Jacko,
driven ".by .Miss Reid,' second;, .'J.'^S.
Tobin's - Shadow.- and \ Sunshirie.'Vdriven
by Mrs. J.S. ! Tobin.; third. : ; ', " ? "''•' i .";
Richard Graham, the veteran ring
master,', was in : his 'accustomed- place
and assisted materially in making the
affair a success. ¦ "-,-'.. - *'•••;.•
,-The polo field proved an ideal spot
for the show,, although: it must have
given the players who were among the'
spectators many pangs to. see the turf
of which they are so proud cut up. The'
summary: .
Best pair roadsters — A. .L. ; Mc-
Kendry's Bill. Ashe, and Tick Benton. :
Best mare or gelding over 14:3 hands
and under .15:2— J.S. Tobin's Shadow
first, E. ¦ D. Beylard's ; Beppo second,
Bay wood Farm's. Echo third.
Best, pair not exceeding 15:2 hands
—Bay wood Farm's Eminence and Ex-,
cellence first/ • F. -J. . 'Cardan's i Prince
Charming and ¦ Chieftain .. second, . H. T.'
Scott's Castor and Pollux third. •
Best mare or gelding under 14:3
handsT-F. 1 . J. ; Carolan's Beau. Brummel
first,' Miss J. Reid's "Lai lah Rookh sec
ond, Paul , Clagstone's . Sister, third.
Best pair over: 14:3. hands and under
15 :2— F. J. Carolan's -Pastime and Pleas
ure first, E. J>. Beylard's Beppo and
Jacko second, -Bay wood Farm's >Dori
cburt and- Echo third... J „'....!'.. " • ;
The judges during the day were Law
rence McCreery, W. S. Hobart, E. D.
Beylard and Francis T.. Underbill.
When a judge had a horse entered he
did not participate in the judging, of
that class. . • • . :» Xw ;^*"V-*
POLO FIELD AX IDEAL ONE.
He rode Quail in the heavy-weight
class and his Irish pony Palmyra in
the lightweight class. .
Mr. Carolan's Sporting Duchess, rid
den bySViiss Kirk, supplied the^comedy
element of the afternoon. In the class
for ladies' saddle horses she showed off
a lot of circus gaits not looked for in
park horses.
At the park in the ope^i air pavilion
was given "another band 'concert and
addresses by Benjamin Ide - Wheeler,
General' N. P. Chip'man and Washing
ton Dodge, all the addresses on the
lines of thought suggested by the com
pletion - of the greatest Irrigation sys
tem in this great- State.' '
Mayor Williams of Stockton followed
Colonel Irish in' a short congratulatory
address. After the conclusion of the
address of Judge Waymire, the band
continued the concert, at the conclu
sion of which the people witnessed a
magnificent display of day fireworks.
During this time another hugh crowd
had repaired to the race course to see
the athletic meet of teams of the San
Joaquin Valley Academic League, In
which the high school athletic teams
of Fresno, Sanger, Madera, Merced,
Eastin, Oakdale and Modesto partici
pated. The teams hold an annual
meet. Modesto has been the cup holder
for the last year and in the event to
day the Modesto bovs won out again,
saving the championship by a safe
margin. Munn of Modesto was the
star of the event. Musler of Fresno
was the best point winner.
In the middle of the afternoon it was
estimated that over 10,000 people were
on the streets of Modesto, of whom it is
said 2500 were from outside of the coun
ty. At night there was a street illum
ination, two dances at the big hafts
and the high school teams with their
school yells, the streets packed with
people throwing confetti and indulging
in good-natured banter, all combining
to form a scene long to be remembered
by the people of Stanislaus at least.'
and Turlock districts were organized.
In effect Mr. Irish stated that these
districts, the greatest in the United
States, would stand as a perpetual
monument to the memory of the man
who was the originator of the legisla
tion. The speaker also dwelt on the
possibilities of the county, also those
of the State, and. impressed upon his
hearers the fact of their priceless herit
age.
PICTURESQUE -FEATURES. OF* -THE FOURTH ANNUAL HORSE SHOW. HELD YESTERDAY AT-F. J. CAROLAN"S CROSS
WAYS farm: for the benefit of the armitage orphanage— the riding and driving of the young
LADIES OF THE FASHIONABLE SET WAS OF A HIGH STANDARD.
• - £r*«a-I Dispatch to The Call.
MODESTO. April 23. — The climax of
• the Modesto-Turlock irrigation jubilee
c.-lebration came to-day, and the num
ber of people on the streets was
over 10,000. In the morning three ex
cursion trains were run on the
ern Pacific Railway, covering Xhe dis
tricts as much as r>osssible from the
north to the south. Three trains were
run of ten coaches each, and the peo
ple who wished to see the mains and
laterals filled the seats and aisles of
.the coaches. Stoi>s were made at inter
esting points on the route, and men
who are familiar with the story of
irrigation in this county accompanied
the tourists, explaining and pointing
out the points of salient interest.
Every carriage in the town and
v score's of vehicles belonging to ranch- ;
*<rs who were in from the rural dis
tricts were pressed into service, giving
Fightseers free trijis through the terri
tory surrounding Modesto, taking in
several lateral canals and orchards and
alfalfa fields. The train excursions
crossed twenty laterals on the trip, j
"which covered a strip of territory about
ten miles each way from Modesto.
A military street parade by Compa
nies A, B, H and D, Sixth Regiment,
X. CL C which are camped here for
the Jubilee, took place in the morning,
also a popular concert by the Third Ar
tillery band from the Presidio.
In the afternoon there was a review
cf the National Guard battalion' by
Governor Pardee, Adjutant General
Lnncli and staff, and a reception at the
courthouse park.
PRAISE FOR THE WORK.
The reception meeting was called to
order by Attorney W. H. Hatton, after
which there were speeches by Colonel
.T. P. Irish. C. C. Wright and Judge J.
A. Waymire of Alameda, who is termed
kh^ "Father of Turlock Irrigation Dis
trict." Judge Wivmlre's' speech was,
in part, as follows:
•'I congratulate the people of the Mo
desto and TurJoek irrigation districts
upon the success of their great enter
prise pud rejoic*? with them. It is my
sincere wish, as it Is my firm belief,
;!iat (his in the beginning of a prosper
ity and progress that will surpass any
thing hortofore known In this State.
You have completed a system of Irriga
tion "vvorkfc superior to any other in the
new world. It included a rubble ma
sonry diverting dam laid in cement ko
iirmly ti~ed upon and -between solid
rock that it can never be shaken,
growing stronger, if that be possible.
every year it stands; already famous
j'.monjr cnins^rs throughout. the civil
ized v. orld: fifty miles of main canals.
s» large part of which is cut through
unfid rock., much of it over seventy feet
wide and oight feet deep, having a ca
pacity of 2300 cubic feet of water per
second,, equivalent to 115,000 miner's
•inches and sufficient to irrigate half a
million land<witli 200 miles of
main laterals and no one knows how
PEOPLE OF MODKSTO EXTEND A WELCOME TO THEIR VISITORS ON THE
OCCASION OF THE BIG CELEBRATION OVER THE COMPLETION OF THE
TCRLO'K IRRIGATION WORK.
many miles of small laterals), distrib
uting; the water over 260,000 acres of ex
cellent land, with scarcely an acre ,of
waste.
"Upon this land there Is now a popu
lation of 7000 intelligent industrious
Americans, all prosperous and happy.
N'ew homes are springing up daily.
The climate is an Ideal one — neither
too hot in summer nor too cold in win
ter. The soil will produca anything
frum wheat to oranges. The water is
abundant and the title to it is un
questioned. Best of all, the title is in
the districts. The owners of the land
are also the owners of the water; you
pay tribute to no one. You get th^
water as a right and not as a favor;
thus as far as it is possible on the
face of this earth, you have eliminated
all the speculative and disagreeable
features from the business of farming.
Tou are within a little more than one
hundred miles of the largest market
of the Pacific Coast, looking out upon
the Orient, where half the population
of the world, struggling for existence
upon an overtaxed soil, is waiting for
the fruits of your Industry. You are
connected with that vast population
by two lines of railroads to. San Fran
cisco and by the Pacific Ocean to the
shores of Asia and the islands of the
sea."
CROWDS OX TRAINS.
When the excursion trains,, thirty
cars in all, returned to this city the ex
pressions of admiration of the country
embraced in the districts were gratify
ing. The excursions, more -than any
other feature of the jubilee, gave evi
dence of the prosperity of the county
under the beneficent iniiuence of water.
From tho car windows could.be seen
broad fields of luxuriant alfalfa, sleek
dairy herds, orchards ! and vineyards,
while here and there could be seen a
vast grain field, showing what the
county had "been before the advent of
water.
' Immediately after noon was the re
view of the National Guard battalion
by the Governor and then, the multi
tude wended its way. to the park,
where there was a concert by the fa
mous Presidio band and speechmaking
by notables. Colonel John P. Irish /of
San Francisco 'was the first speaker;
and, in glowing terms, he eulogized
the Hon. C. C. -Wright, the maker of
tbe : irrigation measure which bears his"
name and under' which the' Modesto
Two hours were consumed by Harri
man and Ripley on Friday in, the com
pletion of their combine, which it is re
ported they have had under considera
tion for a number; of weeks and over
which they have had much correspond
ence prior to j their meeting in this city.
In connection with their consolidation
of interests in Northern California they
have formulated a plan for the utiliza
tion of. the *Iines in which t they ; are
hereafter to j jointly control. Of this
plan this much is known : x >
Harriman will proceed to ; extend the
California Northwestern line -north
ward from Willits, arid Ripley, as soon
as the weather" will- permit, 1 will' start
the Sari - Francisco and Northwestern
southward from its' present 'terminus
near Pepperwbod . . to '?.' a point farther,
south yet jtb ; be agreed 'on, where the
two '"roads • will , be ¦¦ connected arid r thus
furnish a through line from, San Fran-;
cisco to Humboldt Bay, through a couri-;
try rich in 1 redwood timber. 'In this
way the Southern Pacific Company and
the Santa Fe will gain' an equal footing
Ripley further agrees to give Harri
man an interest in whatever, river
steamer service his road contemplates
establishing for the purpose of facili
tating the shipment of Northern Cali
fornia fruits out of the Sacramento
Valley. . .'• %;; ;;. ;^U'^ ;•!/•- - : ; " .V ...
WILL \ WORK IX HARMONY.
An interest in the Eureka and Kia
math River Railroad, in which Harri
man acquired a part ownership from
A. B. Hammond -and which, by reason
of a recent decision of the courts, con
trols a valuable portion of the bay
shore around Humboldt.
As a part of these concessions Rip
ley, on behalf of the Santa Fe, makes
over to the Harriman syndicate:
An interest in the San Francisco and
Northwestern Railway, which was in
corporated a year ago for the purpose
of taking over the Eel River and Eu
reka Railroad and the Pacific Lumber
Company's road.
An interest in, the rights of way re
cently, acquired by the Santa Fe for a
proposed line from Antioch northward
along the Sacramento" River to the city
of Sacramento, and equal interest in the
island purchased between Martinez and
Antioch, by way of which the Santa
Fe' purposes to establish a bay ferry
service.
An interest in ' the syght-of-way for
additional branches of these roads and
for "the extension of the Californih,
Northwestern's main line northward in
the direction of Eureka.
An interest in the California North
western Railway between this city and
Willits and its Sonoma Valley, Guerne
ville, Donahue and Sebastopol branches.
An interest in the North Shore Rail
road between this city andCazadero
and its Mill Valley and San Rafael
branches. *
The Southern Pacific Company and
the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
Railroad Company have entered into a
compact, the purpose of which is to
insure a division of the traffic here
after originating from the coast ter
ritory in Northern California. An
agreement to this effect was signed by
E. H. Harriman and E. P. Ripley, rep
resenting ' respectively the two great
railroad interests in the former's of
fices in the Union Trust Company's
building on Friday.
President Ripley. made a flying trip
to this city to attach, his signature to
the papers. The transaction is not only
important from a traffic standpoint, but
involves a great change in the existing
railroad conditions in the territory
north of San Francisco which is cov
ered by the compact. -It is a deal that
deprives Harriman of absolute mastery
of .the situation in Northern ..California,
for in 'the agreement Ripley, as presi
dent'of the Atchlsbiu, Topeka and Santa
Fe Railroad Company.-secures an equal
interest with- Harrlrrian in the'i Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway and
the North Shore Railroad, which have
lately passed to. the control of the
Southern Pacific magnate, through the
mediums of Henry 'E.- Huntingdon and
William F. Herrln. Hereafter the Santa
Fe will have a say in all matters per
taining to the extension or construction
of new railroads in Northern California.
In effecting a consolidation, of interests
along the coast Harrim'ari makes these
concessions to Ripley: 1
MAGNATES' AGREEMENT.
Great Interests Are Merged
and Contest ThatThreaten
ed to Test Full Strength
of Corporations Is Avoided
PEESIDEXTS DECIDE
ON FUTURE POLICY
Southern Pacific and the
Santa Fe Agree to Build
and Jointly Operate New
Lines to Town of Eureka
Thousands of Persons Participate in the Ceremonies and Have an,
Enjoyable Time in the Inspection of the Canals That Are to
• Greatlv Improve the Territory in Progressive Stanislaus County
HORSES ARE SHOWN AT BURLINGAME
IN THE NAME OF SWEET CHARITY
Ladies of the Fashionable Set Ride and Drive Over the Cool, Green
Polo Field at Crossways Farm, Winning the Admiration and
the Applause of Spectators — Interesting Jumping Competition
HARRIMAN
AND RIPLEY
IN COMPACT
MODESTO CELEBRATES COMPLETION
OF THE TURLOCK IRRIGATION SYSTEM
}L H. Harriman and E. P. Ripley have signed an agreement that provides for a joint control of the California Northwestern and North Shore roads by the, Southern Pacific and Santa Fe companies.. They have en
tered mto a compact wherein it is provided that the two transcontinentallines will hereafter have an equal interest in all transportation projects in the rich coast territory north ofvSan Francisco. After closing the deal Harriman
submitted the details of the matter to his bankers, with whom he held a long conference in the local offices of his company. ¦
RAI LWAY MAGNATES CLOSE A BIG DEAL
Pages 35 to 48
Continued . oil Page 39,, Column 1.
Pages 35 to48
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1904.J. R. Kennlff and T. W. Brotherton
Prove Their Cleverness With the .
Split Bamboo. ,
The long distance casters of the
San Francisco Flycastlng Club were
in form yesterday at Stow Lake, Gold
en Gate Park. J. B. Kennlff sent out
122 feet of line. T. W. Brotherton
wag a close second with 118 feet. The
complete results follow:
~~~~ > Dpllcacy.
y . s J= > a vv, 7
? 5 1 -1 5? it ?
CONTESTANTS 5 r* Q* £2 2* Z
1 : If r" so i
I '. '. '. 7 s S •
.^^^^^ I I I I I
CO. Young... W 90 92 I'.ti'Mu !•!..'» srt.5
F. H. Reed.... 90 8»J M.8|K«.8 85. S S5.3
O. "VV. Lane.... .' m.N.UI.jj 81:8 ....
J. B. KennlfT.. 122 91 S8.4I92.6 £N>.5
T. C. Klerulff.. 80 89.6]8S.S]«i.lO 87.3 78.5
T.W. Brotherton 118 84.4|02.s;03.4 9.1 J>3 g
Dr. W.E.Brooka 05 S7.8;03. 4 90.1092.1 ..
A. Wells 101 85.8 87 84.2 85.7
Dr. F. J. Lane 88.8 85 90.10 87.11
\V. U. Mansfleld &S |89.8 90 89.10 95.7
rte-entry —
H. B. Sperry...|104 |....|....| |..;..|.... j
LONG DISTANCE CASTERS
ROLL UP GOOD SCORES
"Battling Nelson Arrives.
"Battling" Nelson, the Salt Lake
lightweight boxer,' who recently
knocked out "Spider" Welch, arrived
in this city yesterday morning, ac
companied by his manager: Ted Mur
phy. Nelson is matched to box'Mar
tin Canole before the San Francisco
Athletic Club next month. He will
begin training at^ Sheehan's ' beach
tavern In a few days. . Nelson Is a
likely looking fighter of the tall, wiry
class and Is said to be. fast. .
KncinR at St. I.ouis.
ST. LOUIS, April 23. — Fair Grounds
results:
First race, five and one-half fur
longs — D'Arcy won, Triple Silver sec
ond, Anti-Trust third. Time, 1:15V&.
Second race, six furlongs, selling —
Knowledge won, Our Lillie second,
Barkelmore third. Time, 1:20%. -
Third race. 1 i and one-half fur
longs, selling — Echodale won. Lovable
second. Four Leaf C third. Time,
1:14%.
. Fourth race, the Woodland, ¦ four
and one-half furlongs-— Broom Han
dle won, Arch Oldham second, Bu
chanan third. Time, 1:00.
Fifth race, six furlongs, purse—
Harmakls " won, . Van Ness second.
Emigre third. .Time, 1:19%.'
Sixth race, one mile and three-slx
teenths — Velos won, South ¦ Breeze
second, Buglehbrn" third: iTime, 2:13.
SAN JOSE, April 23.— The bench
show to be held next Thursday, Friday
and Saturday under the auspices of the
San" Jose Kennel .Club is attracting a
great" deal of attention. Turn Verein
Hall has been secured and is being ar
ranged for the exhibition. There are
150 entries. These. include most of the
finest canines on the coast. C. K. Har
ley, president of the San Francisco
Kennel Club, has entered a string of
eighteen fox ; terriers. Wandee Coast
gu&rd/a prize winner valued, at" 93600,
will also be exhibited by Mr. Harley.
There will be a ; big entry 'of St.' Ber
nards. Miss Moffatt v of San Francisco
has entered Gothard and Alta Cheva
lier. The Oakland St. .Bernard Kennels
will show "King 'Lion, 'Queen Bess and
Lady Melba. Mrs: ;' Loucke of , Sacra
mento "will bring VArgan and Cascade
for the same "class. .' From "all over the
State entries are coming and 'many of
the dogs that have" been following , the
northern shows will' be here.' San Jose
sportsmen will also exhibit^ their ca
nines, and -there will be much competi
tion : in the . hunting .'dog '. I classes, , as
many of theVmembers have fine anl-
Xotcd Dogs at Sana Jose.
E. G. B. Haymon, a well-known turf
writer and patrol Judge at Oakland
for some months, leaves for Kansas
City to-day.
James Hanby, the well-known press
agent and backer of short-priced
horses, left for Chicago last evening.
Jimmy made his farewell plunge on
Waiter.
Wally Brinkworth, who books and
plays them from the ground as well,
leaves for Kansas City to-day. Wally
takes back with him a fast pacer bred
at Aptos Stock Farm, and expects . U>
clean up on the Chicago speedway.
T. McLaughlln purchased Watklns
Overton from Knebelkamp & Co. on
Friday. - ;: V
Trainer George Miller has been re
stored to good standing by the stew
ards.
Thomas H. Williams and family
leave for the East next Thursday on
a pleasure trip.
Bookmaker BUI Jackman gave $50
for an admission ticket yesterday.
Jockey T. Dugan departs for Kansas
City to-day.
Seventeen books cut in yesterday.
NOTES OP THE TRACK.
Beginning with the field events, Dole
made his wonderful record 'In the pole
vault, after which Albert Plaw, a grad
uate of the University of California,
lowered the coast record in the 16
pound hammer throw, held by himself.
He did 170 feet S 3-10 Inches, beating
the former record of 168 feet 10 Inches.
In the 16-pound shotput Hyde of
Stanford won with 42 feet S\i Inches.
' Hall won In the running high Jump,
doing six feet, with Bell second and
Blakemore third.
Hagerman of Oakland won the run
ning broad Jump, doing 22 feet 2 inches.
Snedigar of California made an attempt
after the contest was decided and
Jumped 23 feet 1034 Inches.
The 8S0-yard run was captured by
Mishlej in 2:05. Holman and Bounds,
both of Stanford, ran second and third,
respectively.
The 220-yard hurdles was won by
Powell, with Hume second and Horton
third. Time. 29 3-5 seconds.
The 220-yard dash was won by Cado
gan of Berkeley in 26 seconds. Cope
finished second and Horton third.
took five attempts to succeed, and Dole
was given an ovation.
The programme started with the 100
yard dash. Snedigar of California won,
with Abadie a close second and Cado
san third. The time for the ©vent was
10 seconds. C,
In the one mile run Miller of the
Bakersfield High School broke the tape
in 4:29 1-5. Newhall of California was
second and Hunter third.
"Billy" Powell eaeilv won the 120
yard hurdles in 16 1-5 seconds, while
Hannlgan of California and Horton of
the Academic Athletic League ran sec
ond and third, respectively.
The 440-yard race was won by Dunn
of Stanford, who was closely followed
by Templeman of Oakland, and Rawles
third. Time, 61 3-5 seconds.
A special event In the form of a two
mile race was the next on the card.
Three contestants started, but before
the mile and a half mark was reached
Wheeler of Berkeley was the only man
on the track. He did the two miles in
10:26 and was wildly cheered for his
gameness.
Six practice matches were played,
one of which was the closest of the
day. In it G. C. Patterson and Jo
seph Gray did some excellent bowling
when they defeated A. Foreman and
J. C. Moffatt '21 to 20. Dr. Hamilton
and A. McVicar beat Joseph Gray and
J. Black 21 to 6. G. Center and.T.
Aitken beat Y. C. Lawson, and J. T.
Dare 21 to 14. R. Park and G. C. Pat
terson beat 8. Irving and J. Stott 21
to 7. J. McLaren and T. Aitken beat
T. McNaught and Y. C. Lawson 21
to 13. James Gray and D. O'Brien
beat Dr. Gunn and W. Watson 21 to
14.
J. Stott and J. McLaren beat R.
Park and S. Irving easily, the score
being 21 to 7. J. C. Moffatt and A.
Foreman beat W. A. Cook and G. W.
Elder 21 to 13. T. McNuught and' J.
Mearns beat T. Millar and A. R. Pat
terson 21 to 10. The four winning
teams are probably 'the strongest in
the tournament and one of them Is
expected to win. : " '¦ :
Four tournament matches were
played in doubles, only one of which
was close. This match, as was ex
pected, was exceedingly close and the
outcome In doubt until the end. J.
M. Duncan nnd M. L. • Crowe, one of
the strongest teams, beat J. M. Ears
man and John Reid, the score being
21 to 19.
Although the Scottish bowling sea
son opened a week bro, yesterday was
the first big- day. Several matches
were played In the iirst round of the
doubles tourney and the largest sin
gles event ever held in the United
States was commenced. . But one
match was played in singles and it re
sulted in a victory for T. Millar over
A. R. Patterson, the score being 21
to 13.
Lnrsest Tournament of Its Kind In
United State*? Commences on
Golden Gate Park Green.
SCOTTISH BOWLERS BEGIN"
A BIG SINGLES EVENT
OAgI«Airp BAOBTKAQg, Saturday, April 23.— Weather fine. Track fast. ,.
O67B. FIRST RACE— Six furlong*; selling; 8-year-olds and up; value to first. $323.
Index I 1 Hcr»« and Owner. Wt St. Vi . H- %• Str. Fin. Jockey. Op. Cl.
'S??? ? lesca - 3 (T. E. McLaunhlln) OS 2 ... 2 11 l%l"l 1 8W \V. Knapp.. 1 7-10
6G.V) Xorthwwt. 3 (Clifford 4 Co.) ft? 7 ... 6^6262 2 n T. Butler.. « 12
WL« Alice Carey. 4 (Bottger A H.) 103 1... 72 6 >i 7 6 3n McBrtde ... «' «
<UNJ. Rustic Girl. 0 (B. Fltzirer&ld). ftft 6 ... 4 n 3 n 6 2%4 2H Koach ..... 10 2ft-
C62. Gondolus. 4 (I» Jeunees) 103 4 ... 1 1 2 1 2 2 6 3 J T Shehn 10 13
£) 2 I Cri *». 3 <C. E. Oruwell)..' *5 9 ... 82 7 1%3 1 6^4 R. Butler.. 20 20
604C Royal White. 4 (F. Lowry)... 103 3 ... 6 2 4 2 4 1 7 5 W Dugan.. 10 .'20
CMS Floratan. 4 (F. X. Hayes).. 105 10 ... 10 10 84 8 H Stnnott 20 40
(6«7) Facts. .1 (O. R. Williams)..-... 03 5 ... .1 «i 8 4 8 3 9 2 J. Jones.... 5 11-2
6C35 S'.r Dougal, a (P. Sheridan).. 100 8 ... 9 15 9 8 10 10 Holbrook .. 20 40
Time— :24H. :48^i. 1:15. At post 3 rnlnut»s. Off at 2:17. Rieacn. place. 1-3; show,
1-8. North wfnt." place. 4: >how. 2 Carey, show. 7-0. Winner, b. f. by Rlnfax-by
8ur.r.an>. Trained by T. E. McLausrhlin Scratched— Flyer. Skip Me. Start Kood. Won
in a. callop. Balance driving. Winner easily best Northwest was «ore. Alice Carey
ran out on turns. Ru«tic Girl outsprlnted. Oondolus quit. Royal White at one stage
dr*w_ out of the came early. -"^ ' '^^n-rur^r^,
O67O. BECOXrj RACE— Four furlongs; purse; 2-year-olds; value to first, $."525. '.\- >\
Index \ Horse and Oxrner! IWtlSt. V,~. %. , ?i. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
<W71 IPrlnce Brutun (Cameron) I3&SI 3 2 n f 1HI n |J. Jone*....l S-5 8-5
0C22 iSea Air (T. McLaughlln) 111212 1 h 3 2 2JJSJW. Knapp.. 6 »
fCC-2 lOeonce p. McXear (H. Stover)tllll 1 4 1«42 «« ¦"<# ISee I 2 8-.'>
«T»T« lEduardo CD. F. B!ak»mant...tl0ft| 5 6 4 1 4^ IVickery ...I 10 30
6.-.T9 ISsIable (Bla-'lnffam* Bros.)...!105! 4 3 h 5 2 5 4 |W. Duean..l 4 2.T-5
C662 I Sea Voya** <Mn«. MtHer) I 071 « 5 16 6 IT Butler., j Sft ICO
1 Alone (Q. Summers A Co.) jlCll Left ... U." T. She.hnl 30 50
Time— :24V. :4S«J. At nost 2 minutes. Off at 2:41. Prince, place. 7-10; «>how. 1-4. Air.
• nlaee. fi-2: show. 4-5. McNear. show. out. Winner, ch. c. by Brntus-Prlncess. Trained
by T>. Cameron. Scratched — Me»<!a. Start rood for all but Alone. Won first two driving.
Third handily. Away slowly. Prince Brutus was fortunate in gettlnp through on raM.
Sea Air was sore, bnt r*n a very game race. George P. McNear can do better. Salable
lost ground on stretch turn.
0CT7. THIRD RACB— One mil* and 70 yards; Gentleman's cup; selling: 4-year-olds and
up; value to first, $325.
Index' Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. % . '4. £. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
f«V><« Tonorah. C fSchiff & I..usk)...!lfi2t 2 In 2424 It 14 !Dr Smythei 5-2 4
MM IThe Toller. 4 <F. Jones) ll«M 6 R 14 4 2 8 3 4 1 2 >J Hlr. Fnt<>leyl « . 20
f.C57 IWalter 6 (F. N Hayes) ll«2! 4 2 2 11 12 2 .1 .T .1 iMr. SMiner 1 1 4-K
««4S iRlpper. 4 (P. G. Lane) !l«2l 5 fl « n 1 5 2 4 4 lM r Wslter.l 4 7
Ml 5 lJo»» .Tohn 4 (F Deiin) I1C2I 1 .1 h R 2 fl fi R • IMr Kenny. I fl 1"
6414 iTftmm. 4 (G. Edison) |163| 3-4 2 3 2 4 2 3 2 • |Mr. Dieckml fi 12
Time — 1:51H. At post 1U minutes. Off at 3:06U. Tonormh. place 1: show. 2-5. Toller.
T>lac<». 8; show. 2. Waiter, •bow. out. Winner, ch. g. by Rev d»l Sierra -OKsllla. Trainei
by C. B. Lusk. Start rood. Won iralloplnr. Second and third driving hard. Tononah
best and well ridden. The Toller away poorly. Waiter was all In on stretch turn.
*Pulledup^ «? ___•_
COTS. FOURTH RACE — One and a sixteenth mile«: hndep. ; 3-yr.-olds and up: to fl>st. $500
Indaxl Hone and Owner. IWtlSt. V%. '4- . Str. 'Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl.
C660 IHorton a (C. McCaffertyV ...11021 2 3 UJ4 2H-1 1 .1 U 1 (t*|W DuRan.J « 10
<n*"?0)IVeterano 4 (W. C. Vlvell)...llfi.M 0 R2 2*422 2 1U2 U U. ' Jones. . ..I 4 1R-.1
PB42 tOrafter. 0 (Blnsln*»m« BrwOllO.'.l 1 2 n 3 14 4 2 4 2 3 14 IW Knapp.. I 11-R 8-R
«C24 lOorralette. 4 I J D Fltz*rald)tlOo| 31212121 im 3 Hlolhrook ..I R R
(Aft.vntH. Honer. 4 (L-ach & Cook). I 0«l 4 4 V, 5 2 « 7 5 1 H2 lAdalr I 10 20
fRC.V»!Ebony. S (W. K. Co-ton) I BM R R S fl 3 R n fl 5 rt 7 iMcHrMo ...I 1(V 15
(C6eS)lPlTln*. R (El Prlmero Stable) |108| 7 7 7 7 7 7 |J. T. Shehn! 4 7
Time — :23. :50. 1:14U. 1:41H. 1:47%. At post 2U minute*. Off at 3:32H. Horton. place.
3; *how fl-5. Veterano place. 7-R; show. 1-2. Orafter. "how out. Winner, ch. h
by El Rayo-FuRlllade'n Last. Trained by C. McCaffertv. Scratched— Mocorltrv Il'llou
on. Start stnuririlng. Won first three driving. Horton had speed ani wa« t:ct>rg away
at the end. Divina wheeled. at the Ftfirt. Interfering with Vet«rano. Hut for this Utter
might havw won. Grafter w»« probably kept up too clone to the lenderc durlr.jr the mrly
running. He appeared to *ulk once and then closed very strong. Too far for Gorgalctte
Honey weakly ridden. Ebony ran poorly.
CG7D. FIFTH RACI5 — One and a half miles; reillnu; 4-yVar.olds and tip: to first. $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. IWt'St.Std. 14. =;. Str. Fin. I Jockey. I Op. Cl".
<«W23):Col. Anderson. 5 <McL*uehlln>llPO| 1 S 2 2 h 11 12 1 2UIW Pugan..! 3-5 4T5
rcttW)!R<o Shannon, a (Mrs. CoffeyMimt 3 1 h 4 5 3 V, 3 1 2 3U!W Knapp . 3 2
fl««5 iTheodo^v L.4 <P. E. Smith).. I W 5 2 h 3 1»44 5 4 5 3 1 I.T "jone*... I 10 10
fl«5!> IPrestolUR 4 (F. Devinl I1OSI 2 R 5 R R 4 2 lUnton ...:l 10 30
TC04 iBlcFyed Damotel. 5 (Chappell)j flSj 4 4 3 lh 2h 2n 5 [Reed | 4 in-2
Time— :2C»-i. :Bt1*i l:lSVi. 1:44*1 2:10\, 2:37^ At post 1 minut-. OfTat 3:5«. Ander-
son. place. 1-3: show. out. Shannon, place S-R; «>how. out Theodora L fhnw out
Winner, b. ST. by Pcorplon-Qulntella. Trained by T. MoLauehlln Start Rood ' Won
easily. Second easily. Third driving. Winner won as he pleased. Rio Shannon held
others safe. Blensed Damozel pulled up lame.
COSO. SIXTH RACE— Six and a half furlongs; purse; 5-ye.ar-olds.and up; to first. $525.
Index! Horse and Owner. lWtl8t.-V». Vt- ?i. Str. Fin. I Jockey. | OpT cT.
W44 lAnanlas 3 (J. F. Schorr) IKWI 1 ... 1 1U1 1^1 2 1 S lRee.l .' ; 4 fiu2
«H4 'Toledo. 3 (E Gaylord> I 0713 ... 24 23 24 2 3 U Jonen. . 1-2 8-5
IWWJ ICrlwt Croes. 5 <F N. Hayes). .11071 2 ... .1 h 3 3 3 4 3 7"IW Knapp' 4 3
JR. Q. Smith. 5 »E. FltwraldVlOOl fl ...• R 2 R 2 4 1V44 4 iHoach . ..' 15 ! Ifl '
«WT1 iDollle Welthoff a (Weaver). .11071 5 .... 4 2 4 1«4« 3 fi « ISInnott ' I 10 2">
643C tMuresca. 5 (F. X. Hayes) 11071 4 ... « 10 « L'O « 20 fl 25 !J T. Khehn • •
.... |Glen Briar. 3 (W. Rodgcre ). .|101| 7 ;... 7 7 7 7' iMoll | 60 100
Time — :23U. :4S. 1:14, 1:21. At post 3 minutes. Off at'4:2fl. Ananias "'place ¦ «R; show
out. Toledo, place. 1-3: show. out. Crc*r. show. out. Winner ch. c. by Ocean View-
Veracious. Trained by J. F. tKchorr. Scratched — Victoria S. Oc'yrohe. Dr Rowell. Start
poor. Won easily after an early drive. Second driving. Third easily. Ananias a real
good horse to-day. Toledo lacked speed. Crliis Cross sore. R. Q Smith can beat cheaper
one*. So will Dollle Welthoff ere long. 'Coupled with Crlsa Cross.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, April 23.— Philadelphia
went down to defeat before New York
in the final game of the series at the
Polo ground^ to-day. The locals hit the
ball hardY nd 1° the fifth inning three
singles, a two-base hit and a hit for
three bases gave the New Yorks five
earned runs. Attendance, 28,000. Score:
n. 11. e.
New 10 in 3
Philadelphia . 18 4
Batteries— JicGlnnity. 'Wlltse and Warner;
Sparks, Dooln and Marshall. Umpire— Ernslie.
PITTSBURG, April 23.— After Veil
had lost the game Camnitz relieved him
in the middle of the fifth and Cincin
nati got but two hits after that. Ewing
kept the hits scattered.
• '^ - V ~ * R H K*
Pittsburp; «' ji" 2
Cincinnati a 0 i
Batteries— Veil. Camnltx and Smith; Ewing
and Peitz. Umpire — Johnstone.
BOSTON. April 23.— In a fine exhibi
tion of the hit and run game Brooklyn
won out In the ninth inning to-day.
V R._IT. E.
Roston 2 H 2
Brooklyn 3 fl ' j
Hatterlen — Willis nnd Moran: Cronin and
Dersen. Umpire — Moran.
CHICAGO. April 23.— To-day's game
was a pitchers' battle, with both Wei
mer and Nichols in great form. St.
Louis won the game in the eighth. At
tendance, 11,000. Score:
Chicago i" 4' »
St. Louis 2 4 2
Batterieg — Welmer and Casey: Nichols and
Grady. Umpire— O" Day.
The cold wind did hot keep the ten
nis enthusiasts away from the courts,
although the attendance was lighter
than usual. Some clever matches were
played In both singles and doubles.
In singles Will j Allen and Herbert
Long furnished by far the best match.
Long made an excellent .showing
against Allen, and the latter had to-use
all his skill to pull out the third and
deciding set. Long beat Allen a love
set the first set, but lost the second by
a score of 6—1. In their third set Long
was constantly In the lead, and at 4 — 3
and 40—0 had an excellent chance to
win. Long also led at 5 — 4, but Allen
finished strongly and won out, 7—3.
A fast doubles was played between
Dr. Sumner Hardy and Dr. H. P. Hill
and Frank Mitchell and Will Allen.
Despite a lack of practice Hardy easily
outclassed the re^t, and with the as
sistance he received from Hill won five
straight sets from Allen and Mitchell.
Hardy is a trifle off on his strokes, but
still plays a heady game. The first four
sets were all won by Hardy and Hill
quite easily. In the fifth set Allen and
Mitchell played better tennis arid made
their opponents extend themselves to
win.
Herbert Long proved much too strong
for Lloyd Baldwin in a singles match.
Long Avon three sets easily.
Melville Long and Dr. Noble took R.
B. Daggett and Dr. Lovegrove into
camp, winning four sets out of five.
Lovegrove and Daggett won the first
set easily, but their opponents annexed
the next four, the last tv. f o being close.
Young Long was easily the star of the
four, but was ably assisted by his part
ner. The scores follow:
Herbert Long beat Lloyd Baldwin,
6—1. 6—2, 6—4: Will Allen beat H. Long.
0—6, 6—1, 7—5: Walter Oliver beat Hugh
Hume. 6—2, 6 — 4: Hume- and Dr. Mc-
Chesney beat Baldwin and Werner
Stauf, 6 — 4, 6—3; M. Long and Dr. No
ble beat R. B. Daggett and Dr. Love
grove. 1—6, 6—1. 6—2. 6 — I, 8—6; M. Long
beat Daggett. 6—1. 7—5; Dr. Hill and
Dr. Hardy beat Frank Mitchell and
Will Allen. 6—3, 6—3. 6—3, 6—2, 7—6; L.
C. Zozarth tied C. P. Prltchard, 6—4,
&-7. ¦•'-.
The yachting season of 1904 was
opened most auspiciously at the head
quarters of the San Francisco Yacht
Club yesterday at New Sausalito.
At anchor off the club wharf lay
nearly the whole fleet, including Com
modore W. G. Morrow's sloop Chal
lenger, J. V. Coleman's big schooner
Aggie, the sloops Surprise, Alice. The
tis, Annie, Ariel, Nellie, Curlew and
Mlnnetonka (formerly Angela), the
yawls Tramontana. Royal, Phyllis and
Witch, and the power-boats Vladimir;
Kittle M and Edwinna. The big sloop
Sappho is not yet in commission, but
nearly all the other pleasure craft were
decorated with all the signal and prize
flags to be found In their lockers.
The clubhouse piazzas, wharf ami
float presented a lively and animated
appearance. United States officers In
uniform, jolly tars in gala attire and
ladies in summer toilettes contributing
to the gayety of the scene. Big bowls
of cooling liquids were at hand to as
suage the .inevitable thirst of hosts and
guests. Between 5 and 6 p. m. the la
dies left the clubhouse, having 'spent
an afternoon that was rendered highly
agreeable by the hospitality of the
amateur mariners. Toward 8 o'clock
the yachtsmen reassembled, and at 8:30
the jinks began in the big hall. The
De Koven Club of Berkeley, under the
direction of Clinton R. Morse, assisted
by Rollin C. AyVes and W. X Hynes,
provided the chief items of the pro
gramme. Frank Glllelan rendered a
banjo solo and Mr. Williams a violin
solo.
Milton Schwartz entertained the 4
yachtsmen with a monologue,' and Fel
lows and Walker gave an amusing
sketch. Senora Matildita. accompanied
by Maurice Kramer, the well-known
pianist, gave some Spanish dances, and
Blondina furnished an exhibition of the
Terpsichorean art in the French style.
At 11. o. m. supper was served, after
which the fun was resumed.
This morning the yacht owners . will
go on board the flagship Challenger to
receive the Instructions of Commodore
W. G. Morrow. At 10 o'clock, on signal
from the flagship, the fleet will cruise
over to the city front *and out toward
the heads. In the afternoon the fleet
will return to its. moorings at Sausa*
llto and the yacttlng season of 1904 will
be officially open.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA, April 23.—Tanne
hill's superb pitching was the cause of
Philadelphia's second defeat by Boston.
K. H. K.
Philadelphia ... x 1 3 I
DoFton 3 0 1
Batterlea — Tannehill and Criger; Plank and
Powers.
CLEVELAND, April 23.— Chicago beat
Cleveland in an interesting game,
Cleveland's six errors giving Chicago
four of their six runs.
It. H. E.
Cleveland -. S u 7
Chicago 8 7 1
Batteries — F. Donohuc and Abbott; White
and Sullivan.
¦ DETROIT. April 23.— After a pitchers
battle, with the score tied at the end of
the ninth, St.. Louis won In the tenth
inning. Attendance, 6000. Score:
n.:iL k.
Detroit 1 7 1
St. Louis 3 10 O
Batteries — Donovan and Woods; Mowell and
Kahoe.
WASHINGTON, April 23.— New York
bunched hits in three innings and de
feated Washington to-day. After the
third inning Hughes was very effective
with men on bases. Attendance 2000.
Score: j . (££$
R. H. E.
Washington .1 » .1
New York 4 Io • 2
Hatteries— J. O. Mason and Klttredgp;
IIu~1iph and I'rvllli?.
The pole vaulting was one ot the first
events on the card, and at first little
interest was displayed in the contest.
Gradually the bar wa? raised until it
Ftood at the eleven-foot mark. Interest
in the event increased, and finally when
nil had tried and missed and Dole still
ordered the crossbar raised the excite
ment knew no bounds. At last the
mark tvas twelve feet even. The Stan
ford man tried four times without
Fuccess. In the fifth attempt he raised
frraduaTly and slowly, and a mighty
roar arose when he landed on the soft
earth below. The pole was next placed
at 12 feet 1 31-100 inches. As before. It
DOLES GREAT VAULT.
With a world's record of 11 feet 8*i
Inches, Dole soared over the bar at the
twelve-foot mark. Not satisfied with
the accomplishment, he tried to make
the affair a -true California victory"
by ordering the crossbar placed at 12
feet 6 Inches. Try as he would, he
could not get over the notch leaving
the bar untouched, and had to be sat
isfied with the record of 12 feet 1 21-100
inches.
Norman E. Dole, Stanford's crack
pole vaulter, was undoubtedly the hero
cf the day. and will be looked upon as
puch until some Eastern or other won
der educes his wonderful feat of yes
terday.
After placing one world's record on
the history shelf and demolishing two
coast records, an enthusiastic and tired
crowd of athletes retired from the
Berkeley oval yesterday afternoon amid
wild collegiate demonstrations.
Had a special weather committee
been appointed to regulate the elements
for the occasion a more perfect day
could not have been prepared. The air
vas Just cool enough to put life and
vigor Into the contestants, and there
va? just enough breeze to carry the
loud, Eharp yells of thousands of root
ers across the green campus to the
neighboring mountains, where they
were echoed.
TannehilFs Superb Pitching
Wins Another Contest for
Boston American Leaguers
On Signal From Commodore,
Fleet Will Start on First
Cruise to Heads To-Day
Athlete From Palo Alto Is
Treated as the Hero of
the Day by College Men
PITTSBURG OUTPLAYED
Favorites took three of the six events
run. The major portion of the books
laid up but little coin.
In the Introductory selling sprint T.
Mclaughlin's Rlesca defeated her field
easily. The filly's price was forced from
evens down to 7 to 10, and 6he won run
ning away from Northwest at the wire.
Alice Carey ran a dose third. '
After an enforced vacation, due to
Illness, Prince Brutus made his reap
pearance in the two-year-old scramble
and was returned winner. He closed
equal favorite with George P. McNear
and. excellently ridden by Joe Jones,
downed Sea Air a neck. While McNear
finished second In a stake race decided
over the Futurity course, he now 6?wns
unable to carry his speed half a mile,
lor the big colt ran an indifferent third.
IIORTOX WIXS TnE HANDICAP.
The mile and a sixteenth handicap
saw Horton, carrying 102 pounds, score
his first win for Charley McCafferty.
Grafter, the mount of "Big Bill"
Knapp. had a decidedly strong follow
ing and went to the post an 8 to 5 fa
vorite. For something less than a mile
Gorgalette. closely pressed by Veter
ano, cut out the running. Gorgalette
tired, and approaching the paddock
Dugan on Horton came with an old
time rush, disposing of Veterano- by
nearly a length. The favorite, which
appeared to run In spots, finished a
close third, lapped on the place horse.
Divina wheeled at the start, being
practically left. The winner was 10 to
1 in the betting.
There was nothing to the mile and a
half number but Colonel Anderson. T.
McLaughlin's recent purchase ruled an
odds-on choice and won galloping from
Rio Shannon and Theodora L,. Blessed
Damozel pulled up lame.
Newly furnished and decorated and
fitted out with turbine engines, Ana
nias made a strike In the final six and
a half furlong purse run. While not
consistent, perhaps. Ananias is pos
sessed of great speed at times. Johnny
Schorr's useful colt ran circles around
the 3 to 5 favorite, Toledo. Show hon
ors fell to Criss Cross.
"Walter passed Tonopah on the back
stretch, and everybody thought It all
over. But at the head of the stretch
the favorite let his tray of dishes drop,
and Tonopah, going to the front and
well # handled by his medical adviser,
breezed by the Judges first. The Toller,
ridden by Mr. Fately. closed with a late
rush, beating Waiter out of the place.
Miss Sallie Long presented the suc
cessful rider \rtth the silver cup.
The California Jockey Club generous
ly donated the entire gate receipts, and
Fablola Hospital of Oakland received
the handsome sum of $3421 50. The
weather conditions were perfect,' the
track was fast and an excellent pro
gramme of sport was thoroughly en-
Joyed.
A race for gentlemen nders gave so
ciety an opportunity to applaud, for
Dr. Smyth of Oakland captured the sil
ver trophy with Tonopah. second choice
In the betting. VTalter. the mount of
Mr. Skinner, was plunged on at 4 to B,
owing to that rider's many victories In
the saddle.
WAITER IN THE IjEAD.
In addition to the usual Saturday
crowd or racegoers at Oakland track
yesterday, society lent a helping hand-
Many fashionably attired members of
the smart set graced the dubhousa ve
randas and lawns, contributing to
making Fablola day a marked financial
success.
IS GIVEN AN OVATION
JINKS CONVULSE TAES
Stanford Man Creates Much
Excitement by Clearing
Little Over Twelve Feet
Twenty - Eight Thousand
Fans See Philadelphias Go
Down to Crushing Defeat
Succeeds in Beating Allen
Shifter Spirited Contest on
California Tennis Courts
Ladies Throng San Francisco
Yacht Club Quarters and
Visit Flag-Decked Craft
Horton Takes Handi
cap From Grafter
at io to ivV-
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
NEW YORK BATS
OUT A VICTORY
DOLE CAPTURES
WORLD'S RECORD
LONG PERFORMS
IN GOOD STYLE
AMATEURS OPEN
SEASON GAYLY
DR. SMYTH WINS THE GENTLEMEN'S CUP
ON TONOPAH, SECOND CHOICE IN RING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL' 24, 190*.
DOLE OF STANFORD ESTABLISHES A WORLD'S POLE-VAULT RECORD
36
, ADVEBTISEMENTS. V ; ">~
Only those who have experienced the awful itching and v^/"»^M |>
burning of Eczema can know how it feels to be consumed by r^wli^>^~""^^^
the blistering, fiery acids oozing out through the pores of the t{, i((^W/yy^y^
skin. There is no other skin disease that compares in severity . '. f(\ -^g^'*??/'
with Eczema. It begins as a mere redness of the skin, or
comes in little watery blisters and pimples, discharging a tfiin fi7^~^ l$\5i!i IBS
sticky fluid which hardens into scabs and scales, leaving a raw j6M^Q> Mik^5?<j|=|
and inflamed surface as they peel off, while the itching is 4^^^0%^ \5^s^
almost intolerable. Eczema is the most vicious and violent of % *^>^*«& r^
all skin diseases, appearing in many different forms; the dry i ./
and scaly kind with brownish white crusts, which gives the skin a rough, leathery appear-
ance, and producing sometimes' painful fissures and sores. In other cases the skin has a
swollen, moist appearance, with occasional profuse discharges of watery matter. But all
the varieties and types, of this aggravating disease are akin and are caused by impure bloody
and an over-acid condition of this vital fluid that seems to set the skin on fire, kindling a
flame that water will not quench, and an itching, stinging eruption that lotions, soaps, salves
and powders cannot suppress. As the poi-
sonous acid<? in the KlnnH inrrpacp fVi*» «¦«« Dear Sirs:— In the summer of 18961 -was attacked with
sonous acias mine Diooa increase the erup- a breaking OVIU whloh doctors said was Eczema, it com-
tion spreads and becomes more angry look- menoedon the insidoofmy arms and gradually spread,
in? and the itching and ¦hnrnitur mnr*» nn The doctors who examined me said they oonld cure it, and
ing, anu inencnmg. ana DUrning more Un- trea ted me for some, time, but it grew worse all the while,
bearable. ; iiCZema IS the Commonest Of all .1 then wrote- you, and upon receipt of a reply to my letter
skin diseases, and the most aggravating and 1 ** ° f S " S ' s - fendbe 8 an takln s itaoccrdin.?
treacherous, disappearing at times, then re- I had used four and a half bottles before seeing any
toning suddenly and in a severer form than \-^Vft&£tSSft.'2S&2: e £f £"
ever. . It IS particularly bad in warm weath- four days the eruption commenced to shed off. I conld
er, because at this season the skin is react- V^in^ Sj "?«i«." X* ££%£?$£%&
ing and the blood IS making extra effort to money for anything that did me so much good. Hate felt .
throw off the morbid secretions and acid im- Z^TZKSRl&ZflZZSStf!* ~S-
purities tnat nave been accumulating during work, but since taking S. S. S. have been on the go all th«
the long winter months, and there is an over- tim Q Brt h, Va . Very trnly ' J G# McNAIR *
flow of the acrid matter and acid poison
.through the pores, producing irritation and redness of the skin and all the terrors of Eczema,
Soothing applications are beneficial and advisable, but not curative, because the seat of ihik
disease is in the blood, and external or surface treatment cannot change bad blood into good
blood or purge the system of impurities. Only a blood purifier can do this, and while treat-
ing the, skin the blood must be looked after or the disease is sure to return when the blood \»
again overcharged with acids. |S3B
S. S. S. to purify and cleanse the blood, and some non-irritating, soothing salve or lotion,
j^ 3^* j^"^^ is tbe V ro V^ r treatment for all forms of Eczema. S. S. S.
%f*^M aJ nm^ nas made some remarkable cures of this stubborn skin dis-
V%isss^ . • v!^^^ V^^^iw eaSe — cases t^ iat ac^ ec onie chronic from long neglect or
V^^W wrong treatment. S. S. S. is the only guaranteed strictly
jj^^J ¦ l^^3 I K^>^J 1 ve g e fable blood remedy. It is without a single mineral in-
t^^X i^yl^ t^*^J gredient, but "of medicinal roots that come from the fields
/ .: and forests : or' Nature's store-houses. S. S. S. combines
both purifying and tonic properties that enter into the circulation and destroy tKe impurities,
and at the same time tone up the general system. Skin diseases are, after all, only symp-
toms of impure and .vitiated blood and external signs of disordered systems, and when you
• nire.the blood. the eruptions. disappear. . ; n
•• If youVhave Eczema or any blood disease, -sore or eruption^ write us and our physician,
will gladly advise yoii and -furnish any information desired without cost to vou -Book on the*
Skin and its diseases fre©_ THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA, GA*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
; o. c. josuen. m. p..
The \r u '.;-:s tpecttJirt.
Seventeen Years'
Experience
6eA-cijteen j - ear» of stndlous, careful
and cocacicntioua practice In the
treatment of a \ • rj few diB^ayca U
• training such as {«¦ phystclana
have had. I feel safe In saying
that I have cured more cajies of
m> n t- dlseasra than any two other
gpecialirta in the entire West.
Everj' method I employ Is original
tilth rayw:!f and ha* grown to per-
fection through this \~ast volume
of experience. Fuch is my con-
fidracr In my ability to cure every
case I treat that
I am always willing to wait
¦for my fee until the
patient is well.
"Weakness Permanently Cured."
I not only cure •'wealcnens"
promptly, but I tmploy the only
treatment that can poitslbly cur*
th!« disorder permanently. It is a
eyttem of local treatment entirely
otirlnai with me. and ir em-
ployed by no physician other than
myself. Thla may re«m a broad
as»eritan. but it is Just as sub-
stantial as It in broad. So-called
"weakness" Is but a nyisptom of
local Inflammation or congestion,
end a radical cure la merely a
matter of restoring normal condl-
ticna throughout the organic sys-
i»rr.. and thia I accomplish thor-
oughly and with absolute certainty.
VAIUCOCELE— My treatner-t Is
- absolutely painless and cures com-
pletely In oae week. Investigate
rr.y method. It la the only thor-
oughly scientific treatment for this
disease being employed.
CONTRACTED DISESASES— Be
cure your cur* is thorough or
therr'i danger of a chronic star*
ahead. My patlenu have no re-
lapses, and I cure In less time
than the ordinary form* of treat-
ment require.
STIUCTCKE — No cutting, no CI-
latlng. rainless treatment and a
porim* cure.
"Live AU Tonr Tears a Man."
Write for this pr.rrphlct. It tells
of my methods of treating the
above diseases, also HydroceJe,
Fjx-<-:r.c Blood Poison and Piles.
Mailed Fre«. Consultation free at
of flea or bjr mall.
Dr.O. C. Joslcn
Cor. MAUKET and KEARNT Eta.
Frtvate entrance. 702 Market Et.
Of Ore Hours. 9 a. m. to 8:30 p. m.
Sunday, 10 to 1 only.TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
SACRAMENTO. April 23..— Charles W.
Turley. ' aged • 24. committed suicide at an early
hour this ': ; rooming, by ' shooting • himself
through the head. - No motive for '¦ the act can
be given. .. . . .
Branch , Hydregraphtc Office, U. .S. N., Mer>
chants' Exchange. San FrancUca Cal.C
April 23. 1004.^%»sicmiMBBM r a»ir
The Tlm« liall on the tower of. the Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
Time Ball.
Steamer. . For. SalU.
Dolphin...... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr." 24
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way. Ports. Apr. 26
Cottage City: Skagway & Way .'Ports. Apr." 23
Dirigo.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 29
J. Dollar..... Valdez & Seward...... Apr. 2»
Excelsior. . . . Valdez & '¦ Wa y Ports ." ; May V
Alkl. ......... Ekagway & ,'A'ay Porus. May 6
Car^o by Panama Steamer.
The steamer San Jose sailed yesterday for
l'utian>a and way ports with a general mer
chandise cargo, valued at $106,535. to be dis
tributed as follows: For Mexico. $ll.n»6 : <>n
tral Aro«Tlra. $15,441: Panama. S4073: N>w
York, JT5.1C1: Ecuador. $326; Chile. $10S:
aYlnidad Island. $1120: Jamaica. $108;. France,
$£W. ' Th«> leading- oxporta were as followe:
*To Mexico— 2^8 pjcra machln^n'. 214J ft lurrj
hor. bale* bac&, U3 pkgv groceries and pro
% truer. C>0 lbs meals, 35 pkffs potatce*, 9 pkjrs
Manchester .Wins Football Trophy.
LONDON. April, 2 3.— At the. Crystal
Palace ; to-day : City ; won
the English; cup. ; the premier ' prize J of
British association • f ootball.idef eating
the. Boltoh j by lito 0.
Unlfd States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at For Point, entrance to Ean Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of
tbe buperlntendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point- the height
of tid*- Is the tame at both places.
SUNDAY. APRIL 24.
Sun rises ...' g.jo
fi. un ••**, "!e : .&3
Moon sets 1:53 m -
O iTlmel ITIme ITlme Tlmel
e I 1 Ft. f j Ft. Ft. | Ft.
» 1L W| |H W |L W H W|
24 oiii 2.f. «:10 4.6 12:43 0.6 7:40! 5 0
25 1:29 2.0 7:28 4.7 1:45 0.9 8:27 64
26 2:27 1.4 8:40 4.9 2:37 1.0 9:10 3 5
27 3:18 0.8 9:43 S.I 3:22 1.2 9:31 6 7
28 4:04 0.3110:43 5.2 4:07 1.6 10:30 6.3
NOTE — In tbe above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
band column and the successive tides of tha
day 1n the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column rives the last tide of tbe
day except when there are but three tides as
sorretimen occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of tbe United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
elm precedes tbe height, and then the number
given is subtracted from tbe depth given by
the charts. Tbe plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. :
•r^ ,R.H.E
Portland ..0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 2—2 66
Seattle ....0 2 0:0.0,0,0 0. 2— 4 ;7; 3
Batteries— Iberg and fshea"; Barber
and .Wilson! .Umpire-— O'Connell. /
PORTLAND, Ore., April 23. — Seat
tle defeated Portland to-day by
bunching hits in the second and ninth
innings. Iberg pitched a good game;
but was .accorded ~i miserable support.
Barber, kept the hits 'scattered except
in the ninth Inning. Attendance 200.
Score:
POOR SUPPORT FOR IBERG.
SAN JOSE, April 23.— A sal» of , the ¦ tan
bark oak and redwood'on 740 ; acres : of 'land
in this county was made .to-day .; for $11,000.-
Thri purchaser will have cisht years in which
to remove the wood.
The »teamer Marlpooa sailed yesterday for
Tahiti «Uh an aborted merchajidUe cargo
cpnflgned to PaP*ete valued at $33,746 and
'.ncludiw? the following: 10OO bbls flour. 23.369
lbs bread. 23.432 lbs rice. 3435 gals wine. 7lO9
'.<¦* "tugar. W pkg» fruits and vegetables. 77
" j . r<- r>otatoe» and unions " casks bottled beer.
n 2»4 lb* bran S0O0 lbs rice. 6319 lbs bean*.
•J.' ctls wheat.' 2S3 ctls barley. 8 c* baking
powder. C700 lbs lard. 13 cs eggs. 1132 lbs
freeh meat. 774 Ibe 1 cs meals. SUS lbs ham
«nd bacon. 247 cs assorted canned goods. 104
l>kfn> grocr-rtet and provisions, 1025 lbs codfUn,
CVi lbs cheefc*. « I'ikgs raisins. 14 cm dried fnm,
184 «-s canned CO pkgs pickled salmon, 171S.403
ft lumber. 145 coll* rope. 46 pkgs paints and
oils. 22 cs boot* and shoe*. 12 pkgs bicycles and
sundries. .'1 pkgs nails. 44 bdls pipe. 141 cs
*oap. 26 pkgs wagon material. 1&3 bdls shook..
l-i bdls laths. 40 bdls shinglec. 40 bdls shakes.
200 bdls pickets. " v iKij raillwork. 19 bdls '22
'hart steel and Ircn. 05 pkers dry goods. 30 pkga
drugs and sundries. 37 baJea duck. 11 bales
twine. C2 pkgc »''•*, 6 cs arms and ammuni
tion. 53 bdls hags. 31 pkg* ship chandlery. 30
<s coal oil. 10 bbls lime. 14 pkgs machinery.
12 pkgs sewing machines. 10 bbls cement.
Merchandise for Taliitl.
Sun. Moon and Tide.
1 Steamer. . Destination. Sails. Pier.
April 24. :
laqua Humboldt 1 pm Pier 2
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
April 25.
Sequoia.... Willapa Harbor.... 4 pm Pier 20
Spokane.... Huroboldt /. 1 :30 p Pier 0
8. Cruz.... Ran Pedro & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Senator.... Puget Round Ports. 11 am Pier 9
£. Monica.. Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 2
Newburg... Grays Harbor,.... 4 pm Pier 10
Coronado. . • Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
April 26.
Empire.... Coos B. &. Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Gaelic China. & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Arctic Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
April 37.
Crarlna.... Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Oregon Astoria Sc. Portland 11 am Pier 24
Aurella.. •• Astoria & Portland Pier 2
Argo.-..--' Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
April 28.
Centrall*--- Lo« Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Eureka....- Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Porno Pt. Arena & Albion 4 pm Pier 2
Pomona...- Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Jeante..... Seattle & Tacoma." 5 pm Pier 20
G Llndauer Grays Harbor...... I pm Pier —
San Pedro.. Humboldt 10 am Pier' 2
April 29.
NorthFork. Humboldt 6 pm Pier 20
Nevadan..- Hono. &¦ Kahului. 3 pm Pier 16
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
. • April 30. .
Elizabeth. • Coquille River .... 6 pm Pier 20
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena ...... 4 pra Pier 2
City Panans N. Y. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
City Puebla Puget' Sound Ports. IT am Pier 9
Rainier.... Seattle & Whatcom 4 pm Pier 10
May 3. ,
F.H.Leggett Honolulu ................ Pier —
G. W. Elder Astoria Sc. Portland 11 am Pier 24
Alliance....! Eureka & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
The bark R. P. KIU»e.» ¦**¦ cleared y«eter
rta* ror llunolulu »lth »n aborted »-a.rxt> v«.luod
¦a * $14 Ml and Including the following: 260
l.tls flour. 1H'.11£» lbs *>'¦"• 1U>J cl1 " barley.
fV) balo« liav. 124 <-t!s corn. 12.327 lbs beam;.
n.ViO lb» tall. "23.11* lbs sugar. 14.«38 lbs bread,
"KW cal« 35 ca »lne. 'JM gals vinegar. 10U0
ft*, rice 1*00 lb« coffee. «00 lb» liopts. 363 !b«
candy S» cs canned mood*. 25 bbm beef, 250
I in tobacco £5 <"» paint*. I t» boots and choc*.
I&ii c» soap* I" I'kgs machinery. 1 cs dry goods,
r drum* fasollne. 70 c« powder. 75 pkgs iron.
.'¦V> e*ls distillate. 5 bdls brooms, 1003 feet
hardwood, 76J> pkg» 244 pes sewer pipe. 1 mule.
The b-ig Geneva which was cleared yester
day for Mahukona. carried an assorted mer
<^indi»e cargo vaJued at (J0.M3. The cargo
liuluded thefollowsng: 1«> bbl. flour. 1146
'?,_ iVrjey 66.«»0 lbs bran. 10.1SS lbs mlj-
Sl «• 41 rtU Wheat. M bale, hay. 10.000 lbs
.ill 510 000 lbs fertilizer. 150 cs coal oU. 7
paper. 1 fkg machinery.
Ilxports for Hawaii.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. . From. Due,
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulul. . Apr. 24
Arctic Humboldt Apr. 24
Empire Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Apr. 24
Bee Grays Harbor .Apr. 24
Amer. Mam.. Yokohama & Honolulu. Apr. 24
Aurella Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 24
Oregon Portland & Astoi-Ia.... Apr. 24
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 24
Del Norte.... Crescent City Apr. 24
San Pedro.... Humboldt Apr. 24
F. A, Kilburn U'atsnvlle r. Pt. Rogers Apr. 25
Stat^of Cal.. Ean Diego & Way Pu. Apr. 25
glerra Sydney & Wav Ports. Apr. 25
Argo Eel River Ports Apr. 25
S. Monica San Pedro Apr. 25
W Kruger... Pan Pedro Apr. 25
Porno rt - -Arena &. Albion Apr. 26
Iioniia Newport Sc TV'ar Ports. Apr. 26
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports.... Apr. 26
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 26
NorthFork.. Humboldt Apr. 2«
Eureka Humboldt Apr. 20
Titania Nanalmo Apr. 27
Rainier Seattle & Whatcom. . . . Apr. 27
Elizabeth Coquille River Apr. 28
Curacao Mexican Ports Apr. 28
Acapulco New York via Panama. Apr. 28
Centralla.... Gray* Harbor Apr. 28
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 28
Point Arena.- Mendocino & Pt. Arena Apr. 2H
Spokane Humboldt Apr. 29
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Apr. 29
Alliance ' Portland * Way Ports. Apr. 30
Enterprise... Hllo Apr. 30
Santa Cruz..' Ran Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. 30
Umati'.la Puret Sound Ports.... May 1
Centennial... Seattle Sc Tacoma..... May 2
China China & Japan... ..... May 3
Peru New York via Pairama. May 4
Movements of Steamers.
i. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m. Greenwwich time. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. V. S. N.. in charge.
Mailers of Interest to Mariners and
Sliippins Merchants.
The »hip Henry Vlllard is chartered for
ifugar frcm Honolulu to New York at *6 S».
Tlie schooner Hosamond load? general mer
chandise here for New York.
NEWS OF TIIE OCEAN.
The Kosmos liner Hermonthis. which
arrived Friday and was taken to Angel
Island to be fumigated, was released
?from quarantine yesterday morning
and docked at Lombard-street wharf.
The steamer City of Seattle was
aground on Wrangle Island Tuesday
m.rrnins. but was floated off at high
tide without sustaining any damage.
The navy collier Nero sailed yester
duy afternoon for Panama.
V large number of visitors viewed the
big steamship Mongolia yesterday at
Hunters Point drydock.
p Cheechi. who lives at 456 Union
street lost his index finger yesterday
through getting it caught in the works
of a macaroni machine at 415 Broad
wav.
G. P. Griffith, an elderly man living
Pt CIO Polk street, had one of his little
lingers cut off yesterday by a buzz
saw at the Sunset Box Factory, where
he is employed.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's Kpokane, Captain Nopander. ar
•rived yesterday from Eureka. She
came down in IT hours.
Water Front Notes
Panama liner Departs.
The Pacific Mail Company's steam
chip San Jose sailed yesterday for Pan
ama and way ports with many passen
pr-rs and a full cargo.
Howard Holmes Is building a model
cf a wharf constructed with his pat
ent cylinder pile* for exhibition at the
Et. Louis Exposition. The Harbor
Commission la pajing for the mate
rial and Holmes is donating his time
and eervicee. The model. will be made
on a scale cf a half inch to the foot.
Model Wharf at St. Louis.
Simr Alameda, Dowdell. Honolulu; J. D.
Sl>recke!s & Bros. Co.
ettnr fcan Jose. Brown. Panama.: P M S S Co.
Simr Mariposa. Renoie, Tahiti; J. D. Spreck
elg & Bro« Co.
Bri* Genexa. Tranor, Mahukona; Cbarlts
Nelson Co.
Bark R. P. RIthet, Macphall; Honolulu;
Welch & Co.
Bark Albert. Turner, Honolulu; 'Williams,
Dlmond Co.
Bark Yoeemlte, Flynn. Bristol Bay, Alaska;
Penn Packing Co.
Bark Paramita, Moller, BrletoJ Bay; Naknek
Paxkirc Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. April 23.
TJ S stmr Nero. Shurtleff. Honolulu.
fitmr K. A. Kilburn. Johnson, Watsonville.
Stmr Kur<"ka. Jessen, Eureka.
Stmr National City, Hammar, Fort Brass,
with banse Tidal Wave in tow.
Htmr Porno, Ahlin. Albion.
«mr Point Arena, Miller. Mendoclno.
Stmr Coquille River. Sanford. Crescent City.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. Seattle.
Stmr Alatneda, Dowdell. Honolulu.
Stmr San Jose. Brown, Panama, etc.
Ptmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, San Pedro.
Stmr Marij.osa. Rennle. Tahiti.
Stmr Thistle, Martlneen, Bristol Bay.
Stmr Nome City, Bonifleld. Astoria.
Bark Paramita. Moller,' Bristol Bay.
Bktn Amelia. Wilier, Eureka.
Brig Geneva. Treanor, Mahukona.
Schr Veca. Erratt. Golovin Bay.
Schr Glen. Peterson, Mendoclno.
Sohr Abbie, LarFen, Grays Harbor.
Schr North Bend. Jackson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Sehome, Matsln, Grays Harbor.
Schr R. W. Bartlett, Nielsen. Port Ludlow.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell. Point Reyes.
Srhr Western Home, Wleder, 6 days from
CocuMe River.
.Schr .Newark, ReinerUen, Stewarts Point.
Schr TViJIiam Olsen, ncrvlk. Puget Sound.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, April 23, 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE — Arrived Apr 23 — Stmr« Dol
phin, Dlrigo and Cottage City, from Skagway
Arrlved Apr 23 — Stmr Umatllla. hence Apr
SO.
Sailed Apr 23 — Stmr City of Puebla, for San
Francisco.
REDONDO— Sailed Apr 23— Stmr Asuncion,
for Ventura.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr 23— Etmr Pasadena,
bence Aor 21. 4
Arrival Apr 23 — Stmr Pomona, hence Apr 22.
TATOOSH — Passed In Apr 23 — Stmr Hon
iara, hence Apr 20. for Seattle. Passed out —
Stmr Charles Nelson, for San Francisco.
Passed out Apr 23— Br ship Holywood, from
Belllngham. for Melbourne.
BELLINGHAM— Sailed Apr 23— Stmr Rain
ier, for San Francisco.
Sailed Apr 'Si— Schr Mildred, for San Fran
cisco: stmr Ger.rse Loomis, for San Francisco.
VKXTVRA- Sailed Apr 23 — Stmr Asuncion,
for Port.Harrortl.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Sailed Apr 23— Etmr
Mlneola, for Tacoma.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Apr 22— Stmr Ean Ga
briel, for Umpqua.
Arrl\ed Ar.r 23— Schr Me!ros«. from Ever
ett; echr F. S. Redfield. from Olympla.
Arrived Aj.r 23— Schr Alpha, from Coquille
River; stmr Bonita. hence Apr 21.
Sailed Apr 21— Schr Expansion, for San Di
ego: etinrs Santa Monica. Francis H. Leggett,
Alcazar and Bonita. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Apr 23— Schr Alga, from
San Pedro!
Sailed Apr 23 — Stmr* Newsboy. Arctic. Noyo,
Phoenix and San Pedro, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sailed Apr 23— Stmr Aberdeen,
for S»n Pedro. OutFlde bound In — Br stmr In
drasa.mha, from Hongkong.
ArrUed Apr 23— Stmr Alliance, hencs Apr
16. via Coos Bay.
Arrived Apr 23— Br etmr Indrasamba, from
Hongkong.
HADLOCK — Arrived Apr 23 — Br ship Clan
Mackenzie, from Seattle
ANACORTES— Arrived Apr 23— Echr Com
peer, from Salina Cruz.
ISLAND PORT.
HONOLULU— Sailed Apr 23— Stmr Korea,
for China and Japan.
FOREIGN PORTS.
MELBOURNE — Arrived prior Apr 22^ Br
ship Cralgerne. hence Feb 14.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Apr 22— Ger stmr
Luxor for San Francisco.
SINGAPORE— In port Mar 26— Br •tmr
Caithness, for Port Los Angeles, via Japan
Arrived, prior Apr 23— Br etmr Richmond
Castle, from New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Apr 13— Stmr Tremont.
for Tacoma.
Arrived prior Apr 23 — Etmr Shawmut, from
Tacoma.
LONDON— ArrHxd Apr 22— Br ship Scot
tish Lochs, hence Dec 9.
GUATEMALA— Sailed Apr 3— Oer stmr Nu
mantia. for . ¦
MELBOURNE— Sailed Apr 22— Ship Fort
George., for Sydney.
SHANGHAI— Arrived prior Apr 23— Br stmr
Jeserie. from New York; Br stmr Satsuma,
from/New York.
HONGKONG— Arrived prior Apr 23— Br «tmr
InCra\-e.lll, from Oregon; Br Btmr Tata, fom
Vancouver.
HULL — Arrived Apr 23 — Fr bark Germalne,
frcm Oregon.
OCEAN 8TEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 23— Stmr Italia
from Naples; stmr Mongolian, from Glasgow,
via Halifax.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. April 23.
Ital war stmr Liffuria. Due* degll Abruzsl,
9 days from Acapulco.
Btmr Del Norte, Payne, S8 hours from Cres
cent City.
Sunr Greenwood, Jacobs, 10 hours from Fish
Rork.
Stn-.r Acme, Lunqulst, 67 hours from Ho
gutam.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, S9 hours from
Olympta, via Seattle.
Stmr South Coa«t, Olsen. 15 hours from Cas
;.sr.
Stmr G. C. Lindauer, Allen, 72 hours from
Gr^ys Harbor.
£frinr laqua, Jorcenson, SS hours from Saa
Pedro.
Stmr Czarina, Johnson, 43V4 horus from Coos
Bay.
Schr Transit, KUntbora. 10 hours from Ev
erett.
Schr J. M. Weatherwax, Btckman. 9 hours
from Columbia River.
Schr A. M. Baxter, Isaacksen, 11 days from
Belllncham.
Schr Salem. Andereon, 10 days from Port
Ludlow.
Kchr Mayflower, Goodmansen, 11 days from
Slnslaw River.
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
The Tigers did nothing in the ninth.
But the Oaks did much. Dunleavy tore
off a hit and Serially walked. Streib fol
lowed the example of Dun, and the
bags were filled. Devereaux had noth
ing but a pop to She"ehan. and Lohman
struck out. A sigh of relief was heaved
by all when Moskiman responded with
his drive to right field that broke it all
up. The score:
Oakland — Tacoma —
AB.R. H. P.A.! AB.R. H. P.A.
Ganly. rf.3 0 0 10 Casey. 2b. 2 0 0 2 5
Frncks, s.4 1 0 .'i 5 Shehn. 3b.3 0 0 13
Krutrr lf.4 113 0 Nrdyk, lb.3 0 0 8 4
Dnlvy. cf.3 12 1 0 Egan. B..3 0 16 2
ScTlfly 2b.3 0 0 2 4 Lj-nch. cf.4 0 0 10
Ptrelb. lb.3 O 1 11 1 M^Lgn. lf.4 1 12 0
Devrx. 3b.4 O 1 1 4 Hnivn, rf.4 O 1 1 O
Lohmn, c.4 O O 4 4 Grahm, c.3 114 0
Mekmn, p. 3 0 2 1 3 Thmas. p. 4 0 0 10
Totals. 31 3' 7 27 21 Totals. 30 2 4*26 14
•Two out when winning run scored.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Tacoma 0 1 0 O 0 O 1 O 0 — 2
' Base bits...... O 20002000— 4
Oakland ...>V,..l O 0 0 1 O O O 1—3
Base hits Vr 101011003—7
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — Graham, Sheehan, Nordyke.
Ganley (2), Francks, Lohman. Errors —
Ecbafly. Devereaux, Kpan. Sacrifice hit — Dun
leavy. First base on errors — Tacoma 2. First
base on called balls — Off Moskiman, 8; oft
Thomae, 4. Left on bases — Oakland 7. Ta
coma 9. Struck out— By Moskiman, 5; by
Thomas 4. Double play— Sheehan to Nordyke
to Egan. Time of game — Two hours and five
minutes. Umpire — McDonald.
It was Doc Moskiman whom the fans
were wont to praise when the strife at
Recreation Park had ended yesterday.
It was the Doc who lined the leather
to the right field In the ninth when
the bags were all decorated with Oak
landers. It was the Doc who gave the
Oakland rooters heart palpitations from
the call of time by walking -eight of
the Tigers, but every one forgave him
when he soaked the ball at the most
critical period of the game. Score —
Oakland 3, Tacoma 2.
Although the battle consumed two
hours of valuable time, it was a good
one to gaze at, and no one can say his
money's worth was not forthcoming.
Oakland landed one in the initial
round, when Dunleavy brought Kruger
in from second with a beautiful drive
to the score board. But the Tigers
came back in the second. McLaughlln
was treated to a pass, and sprinted
around from first to home on Hannl
van's single to deep center field.
Then the game was quiet till the
fifth, when another Oaklander regis
tered. Francks was passed and Streib
hit safely. Franks got around to third,
and he and Streib started the double
steal. Graham threw badly to Casey,
and the fleet-footed "Buck" scampered
to the rubber on the return throw. A
deadlock was created again when Mos
kiman passed two more of the Tigers
in the seventh and Devereaux fumbled
an easy one. With the bags full Truck
Egan sent a long fly out to right field
and the run followed.
W. L.. Pet. W. L.. Pet.
Taeorna 1G 9 .640 Seattle 12 11.622
Oakland 16 10 .615 San Fran.... 12 15 .444
Los Angeles. 16 11 .S&i Portland ... 4 20 .167
STANDING OF THE CLUBS
I In the seventh Stanford had the
bases filled twice, but could only get
one run. Ball hit to left and stole sec
ond. Strub walked Chalmers and Wirt
bunted safely, thus filling all the cor
ners. There were no outs and it looked
bad for California. Sales bunted, too,
and forced Ball off the board. In try
ing to catch Sales at first, Graham
missed Bliss* throw and let the ball go
by into Gillis' hands. Chalmers saw the
mistake and dove for the plate, Gillis*
erratic throw saving, him from being
caught. The bases were still full of
Stanfordltes, but Strub braced up and
struck out the next two, so that Cali
fornia was able to crawl out of a small
hole.
STRUB PITCHES GOOD BAMj.
Strub pitched in the place of Heit
muller, the change having been made
at the last minute. His performance
was creditable and on a par with that
of Sales of Stanford. Striib held the
Stanfordltes down to* five scattering
hits, while Sales allowed six, three of
which were bunched In the disastrous
eighth. Sales ' was better . on strike
outs and, delivery. Gunn took Strub's
regular hold-out at third and Heitmul
ler occupied left garden in place of
Hamilton, who is on the sick list The
i score follows:
Stanford— California—
AB.H. H. PO.A'. AB.R. H. PO.A. i
Kni*t.rf 3 0 10 0 Glllts.2b 4 0 0 2 1 !
Wlms,2b 4 0 0 13 Adms,68 2 12 1 4
Ball. c. . 4 0 1 7 0 Ftrub, p 3 2 0 2 5
rhlmrs.lf 2 2 10 0 Htmllr.lf 4 12 10
Wlrt, cf 4 0 14 OGrhm.lb 4 0 217 1
Bales, p. 4 0 1 0,6 Bliss, c. 3 0 0 4 2
Clbrt. lb 4 0 0 11 0 WIren.rf 3 0 0 0 O
Bwaln,3b 3 0 0 O OiGunn, 3b H O 0 0 4
rwbge.ss 3 0 0 1 OjBwesy.cf 3 O 0 0,0
Totals. 31 2 5 24 ~il Totals. 29 ~4 ~6 27 17
. RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS^
Stanford —
Runs 010 0 0 0.10 «V— 2 :
Hits 0 10 00 12 1 0—5
California— :
Runs 1 000000 3—4
Hits ...1.0 0 10 10 3—6
, SUMMART.
Stolen bases — Chalmers. Ball, Graham 2.
Errors — Sales. Colbert. Gillis 2. Double play
Adams to Gillis to Graham. Struck out — By
Sales 4. by Strub 3. Two-base hit—Heitmul
ler. Three-base hit — Heitmuller. Passed -ball
—Ball 2. Bases on balls— Off Sales 1, . off
Strub 3. Hit by pitched ball— Swain. Umpire
— Tappy Green. Scorer— James A. Force.
The upshot of that scrimmage was
two runs for California and prospects
of more with Heitmuller perched on
third. The prospects materialized when
Graham came up and swatted it past
third for a safety and "Heine" trotted
homeward. There were still more pros
pects, but Graham ended it all by get
ting caught off at first.
While all this was going on afield
something else was going on on the
bleachers. California's rooters seemed
to feel that it was up to them to help
win and they manufactured a frightful
din. It was enough to frighten a phi
losopher. When three runs walked
across the plate - the crowd went wild.
California achieved the first run in
its half of the first inning. With two
out, Strub got to first on Colbert's er
ror and scored on Heitmuller's two
bagger to deep center. The rest of the
innings, with the exception of number
8, were goose eggs for California.
Chalmers made Stanford's first run
in the second. He reached first on Gil-
Hs* • wild throw to first, stole second
and came across on Sales' hit to cen
ter. ; A '¦¦¦-
It was not Stanford University's day
to shine at baseball yesterday at Idora
Park, Oakland, and the championship
of the colleges went to the University
of California after a pretty struggle.
Neither side has much to crow over,
however, and the score of 4 to 2 does
not tell the whole story by a great deal.
Stanford's lead up to the eighth, with
every prospect of holding it to the end,
kept California hearts a-thumping
against anxious breasts and nobody
could figure, from the way they were
going at it, that the pets of Berkeley
could pull out a victory. But the Stan
ford players let in three runs in that
fatal eighth, and from that time it
was easier breathing on the blue and
gold side.
It was a heart-breaking contest up
to the memorable eighth round. First
California got a run, then Stanford
got one, and then Stanford got an
other. That made it 2 to 1 when Cali
fornia came up to bat ror the eighth
time. Sweesy was thrown out at first
by Williams and Gillis flew to Trow
bridge, and, with two down, it looked
as if California was all in.
In baseball, however, they never say
die, and Calif ornia was after the last
desperate chance. Adams came up and
hit one to left that landed him on first.
Sales walked Strub to first, and that
forced Bliss, who was. running for
Adams, to second. With two men on
bases, Heitmuller came to the bat, pre
pared to do or die. He was still smart
ing under a previous strikeout and
looked for revenge. He got It, for after
a strike and two balls had been called
on him he lined one past first base to
right, bringing in Bliss and Strub.
"jrEIN'E" HEITMULJ/ER SCORES.
Tigers and Oaklanders Play
an Exciting Exhibition in
the Field and at the Bat
Heitmuller Turns the Tide
in Berkeley's Favor With
a Timely Drive in Eighth
The gasoline launch Chipmunk wa«
launched at 2 o'clock yesterday after
noon from Twisg-s yard, where she has
been undergoing a thorough overhaul
ing. The Chipmunk is one of the swilt
est launches seen In this harbor. • She
was built for service en Lake Tahoe,
where she will be returned by rail in a
few days. She is equipped with a 45
horsepower. four-cylinder Union en
pine and makes twelve knots with ease.
The twin screw gasoline schooner
Confianza. which is driven by two So
horsepower Union engines, went from
here to i=anta Cruz the other day in
eight hours, which is considered a rec
ord trip.
Howard Holmes, chief engineer of the
Fan Francisco Drydock Company.
chartered the tugboat Priscllla yester
cay and took to Hunters Point as his
guests the University of California se
rver class in civil engineering. While
et the dock, the students were Invited
Vy Captain Kinder to Inspect the Mon
golia. They were shown over the giant
liner, and 'after an Inspection of the
dock and rumping plant returned to
the tug and took a trip around the bay
before landing.
Will Run on I.<aKc Talio<
Students Visit Drjdock.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's
twin liners Alameda and Mariposa
sailed yesterday morning for Honolulu
and Tahiti, respectively. They left the
Pacific street wharf within a few min
utes cf each other. The Mariposa,
which %vas the first to cast off her lines,
commenced to move as the clock struck
1L, and before she had fairly straight
ened out on her course for the Golden
Gate the Alamcda's good-by whistle
was sounding.
The Alameda is taking home to Hono
lulu the body of G. K. Wilder, whose
recent death came as a shock to a wide
circle of friend* and acquaintances,
both here and at the Island port. Mrs.
Wilder, with her brother and sister, C.
C. Barnes and Miss E. L. Barnes, 1b
accompanying the remains.
The Mariposa's passengers are nearly
ell travelers on pleaFure bent. W. R.
Alberger of the Santa Fe is going to
Tahiti in search of a well-earned rest.
This is the second time In twenty
•years that the Alameda and Mariposa
have left port in company.
SCORE IS OFTEN TIED
CARDINAL TAKES LEAD
fresh fruit. 446 lbs spices, ft c« canned goods.
9 cs arnib and ammunition. 5 cs hats. 6 c»
drugs, T pkgs paints and oils.
To Central America— •-'941 bbls flour. 4S pkers
groceries and provisions, 10.134 lbs rice. 23
cm potatoes, 4 cju>ks bottled beer, 30 c*
whisky. 500 gals wine. 33» lbs raisins. 1160
lbc tea 2S2 lbs ham and bacon, 615 lbs spices,
40 cs o!lve oil. 0210 lbs tallow. 4S.000 lbs
cement. 1 cs drugs. 4 bales cotton.' »0 cs coal
oil. 4536 ft lumber. 7 pkgs paper. 2 bdls bags.
To Panama — »00 bbls flour. 1KC0O lbs rice.
C99 «cals wine, 28 cs whisky. 15 pkgs canned
roods. 37,»4S ft lumber. 20 bells brooms. 3
tanks acid. S pkrs druss.
To New York— 7S.C54 gals wine, 21.025 lbs
dry hides. 211.029 lbs wool. 300.2S4 lbs pitc
lead. 100.070 lbs a;phaUum. 83 pkgs horns. 46
bales Junk, 15 cs drum.
To Ecuador— 15 bbls flour. 23 cs canned sal
mon.
To Trinidad Island — 250 cs canned salmon.
To Jamaica — 85 cs canned salmon and « cs
assorted canned roods.
Medical Slugger Breaks Up
Hair - Raising Contest in
Final Kound of the Day
California's Baseball Team
Defeats Stanford in the
Final Championship Game
Oceanic Steamship Company's Sister Ships
Leave Port in Company, One Being
Bound for Honolulu, the Other for Tahiti
MOSKIMAN WINS
HIS OWN GAME
TWIN LINERS ALAMEDA
AND MARIPOSA DEPART
BLUE AND GOLD
WAVES ON HIGH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1904.
37
IDEAS iANBl v ENERGY
At Ybtir] Service. tV
Bright ;YonnJ5 ; 3Ien ;' arid Women
Are | S«5kins ; Positions In
TO-DAY'S CAIili.
SEE CLASSIFIED f ADS.
EAILWAY TBAVEXfc
/ M^^^* 7^^^.vV Trmlas le»T« »ad are
/Qf^^^&X due to arrive at -1
l(^btDDi^aH*srA|«4| SAX FRANCISCO.
VltvT %—\ Jill rBolf Arsn. 10. M04.
. \\S /Toot cf Market 8treet>
L«AT« - MAIN LINE. -AKK1T»
74)0a VsesTille. WlBiert. Rumsey- 7.50r
7.00a Benlcls, SuUun, Elmlra and Stcr*-
mento.... 7-20r
7^0a Vallejo. Nupa. Csllstogs, SsnU
Kosa, Msrtfbez, Saa Bumon fi.20r
7-30* Kiles, Uvermore, Tracy, Lathrop.
Stockton 7.20»
8 CO* Sbssta Express— (Via DstI*),
wuiisnti (for Springs),
Willows. tCruto, Ued Bluff.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7.50r
8.00a Davis. Woodland. Knights Landinc
Maryivllle. OroTille 7.58r
IJOa Fort Cotta. Martinez. Antloch.
Byron, Tracy. Stockton. New-
mm, Lot Banos. Mendota,
¦, Armons, HtDford, VI salt a,
PoTtervflle 4^2Sr
8-50* Fort Costa. Latarcp. Modesto.
Merced. Fresno, tiosben Jane-
tton. Banford, Vtstlla, Bakers-
fleld a.Sir
840a Kllet, Sao Jose, Lt»errnore. Stock-
ton. (tMiitan), lone, Stcntmenta,
Plscerrllle. Marrsrllle, Chlco.
RedBlaff 4.2tr
8.30a Oskdtle. Chinese. Jamettova. So-
nera. Tnolomne aad Angels ..... 4-20**
8.00a Atlantic Express— Ogden aad East. 11.20 a
8.30a Richmond, Martlae* «nd vr»j
Statloas 8 BOr
10.00a Tbe Overland Limited — Ugdea.
Deorer, Omsna, Chlcagv. 8z0r
1000a Vtllejo..... 12.20*
10.00a Los Anr'lf s Patteager — Pert
Cotta, Uartiaez, Byron, Trscy.
Latbrep. Stockton. Merced.
Baymoad, Fresno. Ooshea Junc-
tion, Banford, Lemo«re. Yltalla.
Bskertfleld. Lot Angele« 7-28^
I2.C0m Htyward. Nlles. ani Way BUtloni. 320^
ti-OOi" Baertmento River Steamers^ til.OOf
5.30* Benlcla, 'TTlBters. Sacramento.
Weodlsnd, Kntgbts Laadlng,
i JlarysTllle, OroTlile aad way _ 'j,'
stations "*5 52*
J.3Cr Hsyward. Nlles «ad Way Buttons.. 74a>
IXQr Fort Cost*, Martlnei, Byron,
Traey, Latbrep, Modesto.
Merced, Beresda. Fresno and
VTmj Stations beyond Port Costs. M-I9f
B-SOr Yotemlte Valley, Mon.. Wed., Frl. 8.20a
S30r Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.20a
4 OOr II srtlnez.San Hnmoa.ValleJo.Napa.
Callstoga. Saota Hota ... 8-20*
4 OOf Kiles, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl 4.20r
4 iOr Haywsrd. Nllet. Irrlngtoa. Esnl tS.SOa
Joie. Llrennore ) M 1.60*.
SXOr Tbe Owl Limited— Newmsa. Los
Btnos, Mendota. Fresno. Talart,
Bakerifield. Let Angeles. .
tXKtr Port Costs,* Tracy. Stockton *...... IZ.ZOr
tS-SOr Hayward, Nlles and San Joss ..... 7.20a
6.00p Hsyward. Ntlet and 6an Joie 350*
8-OOr Eastern Ezprets— Ogden. Dearer.
Omaba. St. Loots, Chicago and
East. Port Costa. Benlcla, 3ut-
snn, Elmlra. Davis, Sacramento, -
Rocklln, Aubura, Colfax,
Tmckee, Bocs, Reno. Wads-
worth, Wlnnemnect. 8.28*>
t.OOr Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... I T ¦-»_
7JJ0r Vallejo, Saaday »nly f *•»«*'
JJJQr Klchmond, Saa Fteblo. Port Cotta,
Marttnex and Way Stations 11.20a
80Et Oregon A California Express— Ste-
rttnenio, Msryirllle, Redding,
Portland. Poget Sound and East. 8.60a
8.107 Bayward, Nlles and San Jote (San-
dayosly) 11.50*
COAST LI N £ (llarro<r Usage).
(Foot of Market Street.)
745a Santa CruiEicurston(Sundaronlj) 8.1 Or
B.16a Newark, Ceaterrllle. Saa Joss.
Felton, Boulaer Cree<c 8anta
Crai and Way Stations 5.5 5 r
2.1 6r Kewari. Centervllle. Saa Jote.
New Almaden.Lot Gatos. Felton.
Boulder Creek, Stnta Cruz aad
Principal Way Stations tfO.SS*
4.16* Newark. San Jose, LosOatos sad I t8.6S a
way station* ..") IIP 56 a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
from SANifnAN CISCO. Foot of Market SL <5tIpO
-t7:15 »:00 11:00 a.m. 1.00 300 6.15 r.M.
*/r«B OAKLAND, Foot of Broadway — t6:U0 ii-.aa
t*:03 10:00 a.m.* 1200 2.00 400 r.M.
COAST LINE (Uroad tiange).
IT* (Third ami Towasend Streets.) '
6.10a Baa Jose and Way Sutlons 6.30r
t7.00A Ban Jote tnd Way Buttons 5.40P
' 7.15a Monterey and Santa Crnz Excur-
sion (Sunday only) 10-30*
8.00a New Almadea (Tues., Frid.. only), 4.1 Or
• ¦00a Tbe Cosstrr— Stops only San Jose.
Gtlroy (connection for Hollls-
ter). Pajaro, Castrorllle (con-
nection to and from Monterey
tnd Pacific Grore), Salinas. Saa
Ardo, Pato noble* fUnta Mar-
garita, S«n Lais Obttpo. principal
stations tbence Surf (connection
for Lompoc). principal stations
tbence Santa Barbara.San Buena-
renturs, Bnrbank. Lot Angelea . 10.4l#
•.BOa San Jote. Tret Finos, Capitola,
gan taCruz.Paclflc Grore.SaJlOM,
Ean Lull Obtipo and Principal
Wty Stations 4.10»*
1030a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20r
lUOi Santa Clara, San Jose, Los Gatos ¦
end Way Stations 7.30p
1-20r San Jose and Way SUtlont ....... 8-384
I.OOr Del Monte- Kzpre«s— Santa Clara,
¦ San Jote, Del Monte, Monterey,
Pacific Grore (connects at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Sasta
Crnz, Boulder Creek sad Narrow
Gaage Points) «t Gllroy for Bol-
litter. Tret Plnot. at Pajaro for
Santa Cruz, at Cattrorllie for
Salina* 12.15*
S-30r Tres Pinos War Passenger.. ....... 10-45*
A 30p Pan Joxe aad Way Stations TS-OSa
15 00 r Banta Clara, San Jote. Los Gatos,
and principal Way Stations (ex-
- _„ cept Sunday) +9.00*
15-30? Ban Joie and Principal Way Stations §3.40a
G 45 r Sunset Limited.— Kedwood. Saa
Jote, GUroy,S»llnas,Pi>so Koblet,
San Lul» Obltpo. Santa Barbara,
Loa Angeles. Demlns:. El Pato,
New Orleans^ New York. Con-
nects at Pajaro for Santa Crux
and st Csstrortll* for Pacific
Grore and Way Stations. ....... 7.1li
f6-15r EanMsteo,Beretford,Belmont,Saa
Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oa»s.
MenloPark. Palo Alto.. t8-45»
6 30r San Jo«e and Way Stations S-38a
8-OOr Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.16a
11.30r Booth San Francisco, Millbrae. Bnr-
llngame. San Msteo, Belmont,
San Carlos. Redwood, Fatr Oaks, •
Menlo Pare, and Palo Alt» |.4Sr
«11.30r MayUeld, Mountain View, Snnay-
rale, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
'¦ San Jose.: t9.46f
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted, t Sunday only.
« Saturday only.
f, Stops at all tutloBS en Sunday.
tP^Only trains stopping st Valencia SLtontbboui
tre6:10A.M.. 7:00 a.m.. 7:15 A.M., 11:80a.m., 3:E0».M^
l:S0r.M. and 8:00p.m. . .
CAL1F0BNU NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LjESSEB
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAXXWAT COMPAST.
Tiburoa rerry. Poot of Market Street.
BAIT PBAW CISCO TO SA3T SAPAEL.
. WEEK DATS — 7:3O. 8:0O, 11: Co a. ro.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
e.t 11:30 v. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
3:30, 6:00, 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAW SATAEL TO SAJT 7SASTC2SCO.
AVEEK DAYS— 6:06. 7:35. 7:30. »:2O. U:15
a. m. : 12JS0. 3:40, 6:00, 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:40, 11:13 a. m.; 1:40.
3:40.. 4:35. 5:03. 6:25 p. m.
. Leave I In ESect I Arriw
Ean Francisco.] Sept. 27, 1903. [San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Destlna- ' I Sun- I ~V?ee*.
Days. | days-. | tlon. ( days. { Days.
• 7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Ignacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a.
8:30 p 3:30 p * 8:05 p 6:20 »
6:10 p 6:00 p 7:33 p
7:30 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
3 8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 3:30 p and 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Roaa. -
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a Fulton. 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:30 p 3:30 p '
Windsor. I * -
¦ 7:30 a 8:00a ' Healdsburr. 10:40a 10:20 a
' . Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p Geyservllle, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale.
7:30 a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p and Uklah. 7:35 p 6:20 r»
7:30a|8:00a| Wlllits. |7:35p(6:2Op
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a!10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p( GnernevUle. I 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a I Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:40 a
6 :10 pj 5:00 p| Olen EUeo. I 6:05 p| 6:20 p
' 7:30 a( 8:00 al . ' ~ 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol. I 7:33 p| 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for; San
Quentln. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Sprinss; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servlUe for SkagBs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Booneville ana Greenwood; at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs.
Kels*yvlHe. Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay. Laka-
cort and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel
l>ell Lake. Witter Springs. Lpper Luke. Pom©.
, patter Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerly".
i Scknells. Sanhedrin Helshts. HullviUe. Ort's
Hot Springs. Halfway House Comptche. Camp
Stevens. Hopkins. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags
West Point/ Usal; at Wlllits for Fort Bra|*;
we'tport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo. ULyu. a .
ville Cummings. Bells bprings. -.Harris.- Ol-
. sen's. " Dyer. Carberyllle. Pepperwood, Scotia
"Saturday to Sunday round-trip UckeU at rt-
U On .Sunday '.round-trlD Uckets^to.all poiau
beyond San Rafael at half rates. . - - ; ¦ „ .
-- • Ticket offices.' «3O : Market : street, . Chronic: »
WHIT1NO. • . R- X. RYAN. V '>
I _^_^ Gen- Manarer. ;. ¦—. . Oea. Past.- AjrU • .
OCEAN TRAVEL.
#S*"»v. Steamers leave Broadway
yfAS'-^Qjv ¦wharves, piers 9 and 11,
fificZ s »n Francisco.
/^/^••S 1^ Y*l For Ketchlkan, Wrang'l,
1 I I \VT«a I I Juneau. Halnes, Skagway,
\ V \l«Ba/ / otc - Alaska — 11 a. m., Apr.
VeA \\ &O7 25 - 80 > Ma y B - Ch an B 8 t0
Vys? _*S*>>/ Company's steamers at Se-
For Victoria, Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Bel-
llngham — 11 a. m., Apr. 25, 30, May 5.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona, 1:30
p. m., Apr. 22. 2S, May 4. Spokane, 1:30 p. m.,
Apr. 25, May 1.
For Los Angeles (via. Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara —
Santa Roca, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Obispo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonita, 9 a. m.. Apr. 29, May 7.
For Enscnada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cafco, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Ro-
salia, Guoymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th of each
month. For further information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Office, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANX, General Passenger Agent,
10 Marktt St., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter st., will
call for nnd check baggage from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
NOME
. ' —AND—
ST. MICHAEL
DIRECT.
S. S. PORTLAND
CAPTAIN ........
, (Carrying U. S. Mails.)
FROM SAN FRANCISCO DIRECT.
MAY 21-fabout)
¦' V.Taklm; freleht for
TOPKUK and SOLOMON
DIRECT
AND ALL YUKON RIVER POINTS.
For Freight and Passage Apply to
NORTHERN CO2IMERCXA.Ii CO..
523 Crossley building, cor. Mission and New
Montgomery sts., San Francisco.
O. R. & N. CO.
12 2 n June 'l. 11 and 21. Only steamship line
to' PORTLAND OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all point?. Steamer tickets include berth
; and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear st. at
11 a m S. F. BOOTH. Gen. Agt. Pass.
Dept.V™ Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
Agent Freight Dept.. 3 Montgomery st.
COMPAQWIB 6EKEBALB TRAHSATLANTIQUK
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ,>^T
Sailing every Thursday instead of ?£j|5cA
Saturday,' at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, .. ~T. ¦
Ndrth River, foot of. Morton st. _
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond "lass " Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR. UNITED STATES AND
CANADA v 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldln B ).
New York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific coast
Aeents 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets' sold by all Raljroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Island and Valieio Steamerg.
Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or MONTItJELLO—'
9:45 a, m.; 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday. 0:45 a.,m./8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejo
7 a. m.. 12:30? and. 6 p.;. in., except Sunday.
Sunday. 7.' a. m.; 4:15 p. m., Fare 50 cents.
'.Tel- Main V-160S. - Pier , 2, Mlsslon-st. dock.
HATCH BROS. - ' ¦_J_____-^-!__-__i-_;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
II HOW I CURE i
1 WEAK, PUNY MEN! I
i «m ' ' lm
el Give me a man broken down from excesses," dissipation, boyish folly, S
I 7 hard work or worry, from any cause which has sapped his vitality. Let htm 2j
1 • follow my. advice for three months and I will make him as vigorous In *•
1 • every respect as any man of his age. *»
~ ¦¦'-."' I will not promise to make a Hercules of a man who was never Intended Jz
• by nature to be strong and sturdy. Even that man I can make better than •
9 he is; but the man who has been strong and has lost his strength I can 9
9 make as good as he ever was. O
• I can give back to any man what he has lost by abuse of the laws of •
9 nature. I can stop all drains upon the vital power in ten days. ' „..•
• A man who is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who- sleeps bad- •
• ly, awakes more tired than when he went to bed,' who is easily discouraged. •
9 inclined to brood over imaginary troubles, who has lost ambition and en- O
a ergy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which the Dr. 9
\ 0 McLaughlin electric Belt supplies. q
\ 0 The whole force of vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal 9
¦ g electricity. When you lose that by draining the system in any manner my a
Z Belt will replace it and will cure you. Z
0 Mr. Harry U. Jackson, Valletoc. Cal.. writes: "Althousn you are a stranger 9
to me, my heart warms toward you as a ereat benefactor and friend and 1 am 2
j J more than Krateful to you. Already I can feel the visor of new life In my body: JJ
•» no aches and no pains. I wish you every success in your work." •
2 _. Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer. 5
V They are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from use- •
9 less doctoring. I get such letters everyday. #
© My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces •
• and invigorates them, and stirs up a great force of energy in a man. #
• / , I make the best electrical body appliance in the world*, having devoted •
• twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade, aiy cures after every- •
9 thing else has failed are my best arguments. * 9
9 Mr. Roy Burks, McKlttricks, Cal., writes: , ••From the first night I wore the belt •
0 I felt new life in every part of my body. The drain stopped Immediately and I am 9
a now able to do heavy work without tiring. I am glad I thought of the belt, for In a
J no other way could the money bring me so much pleasure." • Jf
Give me a man with pains In his back, a dull ache in his muscles or S
X joints, "come-and-go" pains in his shoulders, chest and side. Sciatica in 2
2 his hip, Lumbago, Rheumatism or any ache or pain, and my Belt will •
2 pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain. '©
• No pain can exist where my Belt is worn. ©
| O Mr. J. L. Baird of Orland, Cal.. writes: "My back Is entirely well, and I would
i 9 not take $1CO for my belt If I could not get another. It is the best thing on earta O
|0 for a lame back." 0
• They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet O
9 In the country which has not cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt. O
0 Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you 2
0 ought to be, can you ask any better proof to make you try it? Is there a m
x remedy which Is as simple, as easy to use, as sure to cure, and as cheap as •
2 Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must try it In •
• Justice to yourself, and to those who look to you for their future happi- 9
9 ness, try it now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought not to be delayed O
9 It's as good for women as for men. Worn while you sleep, it causes A
0 no trouble. You feel the gentle, glowing heat from it constantly, but no m
0 sting, no burning, as In old-style belts. 2
Z Send for my beautiful book, full of things a man -likes to read if he Z
J wants to bs a strong man. I will send it, sealed, free. Cut out this ad. ' •
: Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, |
9 ¦:¦ Seattle Office, 105 Columbia St.; Los Angeles," 129 So. Spring St. %
OCEAN TBAVZL.
TOYO KISeOaISHA~
(ORIENTAL STEAMSHIP CO.)
Steamers will leave wharf, corner First and
Brannan streets, at 1 p.*m., for YOKOHAMA
and HONGKONG, calling at Kobe (Hlogo).
Nagasaki and > Shanghai, and I connecting at
Hongkong with steamers for India, etc. No
cargo received on board on day of sailing.
S. S. AMERICA MARU *.
• Thursday, May 12, 1804
Via Honolulu. Round-trip tickets at reduced
rates. For freight and passage apply at Com-
pany's office, 421 Market street,' corner Flrat.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
occanics r s.co.iKM
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney, Thurs.. May 6, 2 p. m.
8. S. ALAMEDA, for HonoluJu.May 14, 11 a.m.
S. S. MAHIPOSA, for Tahiti, May 29. 11 a, m.
J.D.SPBICKELS &BEOS. CO.,A£tS.,MBt 0IC6 643 Mai-
Ket St., Frciunt Office 329 Marfcet St., Her 7. pacifls sl
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHIC ACO I
LEAVES DAILY 1
at ft:.1O ». m., through in Tt flavs I
with diner and all trapping I
Other Santa r« Trains:
9-30 a! mil for stockton » Fresno. Bakersfleld.
8:00 p. m. J Merced, Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton. .
: 8:C0 p. m.'for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
: .. Chicago.
TICKET OP riCES— 641 Market St. and
u Perry, Depot. S. T. Also ma Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South Pint st^
San Jose.. :_M
~ TOSANRAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
;MILL VALLEY,
CAZADERa Etc.
Via Sansallto Perry.
Suburban Service, Standard Gauge Electric—
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:00 800
9:00. 10:00,11:00 a. m... 12:20, 1:45. 3:15*. 4-15*
6:15. 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20. 11:45 p. m
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
—Daily. 5:25. 6:33., 7:40, 8:35, 0:35, 11:06 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45. 2:55. "3:43., 4:43. 6:45. 6^i
8:45. 10:20 p. m. * %o>
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN -FRAN-
CISCO— Dally. 6:45. 6:55, 7:52. 8:53. 9-53
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05 6:05 6 : oi
7:05, 9:00.' 10:35 p. m.- '?.*"?
/.;.,. THROUGH TRAINS.
¦ 8:00 a, .'m." dally — Cazadero and way stations.
6:15 p. rn. week days (Saturday excepted)
Tomalcs and way stations.
3:15 p. - m. Saturdays— Cazadero . and way
stations. ; :
Sundays only — 10 a. m., Point - Reyes and
way stations. > ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦-, ¦
TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market st.
FERRY— Union . Depot. . foot of Market st.
IV.T. Tam alpais Railway
-.- Leave ••;:., Th Stuslito Ferrj | . Arriv* "•
aaaFrandics* istsfEgksta San Fraadscst
'WeekJ Sun- . Tp^jga^J" Son- -IVVeeT
Day*, days J#^JMi|Ul <**r* Dayv
mWi. • 8 : o o a Rgffiw| la:05p 10:401
*li4Sr »:OOa WmMH l:25r 3:S0p
ftilfip 1O:OOa tKmJSgy l:60r S:5O*
l:4Sf »»«*- ,
; ¦ h »» w H i . *: »o» - ,
,y> *fc— i sri>'stf» sW i-**;'* W^mmi IBn 8—> ':¦:'¦¦
"^ICIIT \ 62ft Uamxmt ST.,(Norta Shon RaUrosLff*
.mam i&SAatAuxQy*u.r t r<xAM&*3t*.Bishop Charles H. ;Fowier, who is
to visit the city to attend the annual
meeting -of ; the board of Bishops of
the Methodist -.' Episcopal church, will
deliver his lecture on Abra
ham Lincoln'at the Alhambra Theater,
Tuesday . April' 2 6. : Bishop
Fowler was formerly . resident Bishop
for California of .; the '-Methodist: Epis
copal church ; arid lived for: eight' years.
in ; this ¦city.; _ He is a , noted orator 'and
is]said to have; the' best* tihcoln lec
ture on the platform to-day. L Reserved
seats ¦ can ,be j had? at i Sherman; Clay &
Co.'a on 1 Monday and Tuesday. ?.?
Lecture on : Lincoln.
NEW YORK, April 23. — To-day's
stock market was colorless and in
conclusive. The small dealings were
transacted at little variation in prices,
and news developments were ignored
and were without power to move the
market. The engagement of $4,600,000
in gold for shipment to Paris on Tues
day was announced, and probable fur
thar shipments on that date were out
lined. The signature of the contract
of sale of the Panama canal brings the
arrangement of the payments Into the
immediate field of the exchange mar
ket. It Is evident that in the present
condition of the exchange market gold
is the cheapest form of remittance, and
it would not cause surprise if the
total $40,000,000 that is to be paid to
French stockholders should .go out in
gold. The bank statement shows
how money continues to accumulate
here and explains the easy outward
movement of gold. Total sales of
bonds, $1,310,000.
The growing dullness of the opera
tions in stocks this week has not re
sulted in any loss of ground so far as
prlcesare concerned. There were occa
sional recessions, which were made up
as. the sentiment of tfie traders varied
from day to day or as their operations
on one side of the market proving un
successful were followed by the clos
ing up of small speculative contracts.
The neglect of the market is largely
attributed by public opinion in the
street to the prospect of long drawn
out litigation over the question, of the^
manner of distributing the < assets of
the Northern Securities. But it may
be questioned whether other and
deeper lying causes are riot behind tho
hesitation shown in the securities mar
kets lioth here and abroad. -
Money on call and . ordinary time
loans are in redundant ' supply, with
very slack demand, while railroad and
corporation notes running from one to
three years command a high rate of
interest in our _ own market and capital
issues in .other form are withheld for
lackof an absorptive demand. Another
factor; in the money market that Is re
ceiving increasing attention- is the
growing supply" of new gold, both from
the .Transvaal and from Alaska, with
the 'prospect of a; still further increase
in' the irate of production.
The bond .market has- been dull and
sluggish, and has moved conformably
with the stock " market. Uijited States'
2*s • and the • old ' 4's have declined ¦ %,
while ; the" 3's have advanced % and the
new 4's 7-8 on call during; the week.
. NEWARK, N. J., April 23. — Three
firemen were killed and fifteen others
injured to-day at a flre in a six-story
brick building on Mechanic street, oc
cupied by, Welner & Co., saddlery
hardware manufacturers. Whiie the
flre was at its height a score of fire
men were on the roof of the building
of the Empire Gear arid Top Company,
a one-stock brick structure, adjoining
the Weiner building. An explosion oc
curred In the. Welner building, which
blew out the wall of that building 1 and
three stories of the side wall of, the
Weiner structure crashed down on the
firemen. .-The -building on the roof of
which they were standing was smashed
like an eggshell and the men were
buried under a huge mass of brick
and timber. Three of the firemen
were in a dying condition when taken
out. Two iied on the way to the hos
pital and the third just after reaching
there. The dead are:
• W. B. CRANE.
PATRICK J. DONOHUE.
JACOB BLEYLE.
Among the Injured firemen were the
Chief of the department, Robert F.
Klerstead; Battalion Chief Morgan and
Captains Wolf and' Russell
Bercaugh. ', Chief Kierstead was
knocked down by the concussion and
was hit by falling bricks and other
debris. He, however, insisted on re
maining 1 | to direct the Vwork of rescue,
although hardly able to stand. When
the collapse, came the other firemen
stopped lighting the flames and rushed
to the aid of their comrades, who were
buried in the wreckage. The rescuers
worked with; desperation and in a
short time all the j firemen were taken
out/and- hurried to the hospitals. .Qf
the / injured^flrerrien ; Ross cannot re
cover and Frederick A. Reifl* Is intern
ally. Injuredand mayhot recover.-
The loss is estimated at $50,000.
Taxes are paid on 29,000 dogs in Ber
lin. In addition to these there are 3,163
watch dogs, 22X belonging to blind and
deaf people, 2651 used for drawing
small carts and 113 belonging ~ to the
Kaiser.
PARTNERS HAVE QUARREL..— Affredo
Abello. who, with Giovanni Tallosano, conducts
a liquor store at 423 Broadway, wants the
partnership dissolved. In a suit filed by Abello
yevteniay he alleges that Tallosano owes the
Unn JJ50 under the original partnership agree
ment and various sums he has since collected.
News Developments Ignored
and Tattle Variation Ac
companies Transactions
DEATH COMES
OUT OF FLAMES
Three Brave Firenien Killed
by Falling Wall at Fierce
Conflagration in, Newark
STOCK MARKET
AT STANDSTILL
In view of the fact' that the local
Women of Woodcraft; when Head
Consul Falkenburg of the Woodmen
of the World was in this city visiting
camps, assisted at a public reception
tendered that official by Golden Gate
Camp, the Woodmen visiting commit
tee, of which Peter F. Gilroy is presi
dent and D. Oliver Jr. secretary, has
arranged to assist at the reception to
the grand guardian neighbor. The
fifteen camps of this city will assist
at the reception and the First Regi
ment of the Uniform Rank of the
order, Colonel William C. Clark com
manding, will escort the head of the
woman's branch of the order into the
auditorium. An interesting programme
of entertainment has been arranged
and at the conclusion of the several
numbers there will be dancing and
during the intermission a supper will
be served in the large banquet hall.
Carrie C. Van Orsdall, the grand
guardian of the Order of Women of
Woodcraft, a resident of Oregon, who
is now visiting officially the subordi
nate circles of the order in California,
will be tendered a joint reception to
morrow night in the auditorium of the
Native Sons* building by the six, local
circles. On that occi^sion the : guest'
of the evening will deliver an address
in relation to 'the work that the or
der -hfis T>eerr doing "arid what it pro
poses to do in the future. ;
Camps of Woodmen of World Will
Assist at Function in Native
Sons' Hall. .
THE WOMEN OF WOODCRAFT
TO GREET GRAND GUARDIAX
The average cost for carrying a pas
senger oh the street railways of the
United States is 2.9 cents.
Next Ecaelon will bcRln June 6th. Catalogue*
by applying to Dr. E. J. Cr*e!y, MO G. G. ave.»
San Francisco Veterinary College.
Smart society folks earnestly toiling
for charity, and. scores' 'of eager patrons
paying homage to a worthy cause
made an interesting picture at the fete
given by the Chrysanthemum Auxiliary
yesterday afternoon at Sorosis Club.
The Chrysanthemums themselves in
their most irresistible gowns and hats
fluttered from foom to room with words
of welcome or^presided at the tables
with Inviting smiles.
There was a table of home-made
cakes and another for candy. A flower
booth gave an, artistic touch of color,
and a fancy work table was equipped
with articles of use and beauty. A flsh
pond contained the unexpected— which
always pleases, and a fortune telling
booth, wherein Mrs. Harvey Toy read
hands, proved an important attraction.
An unsually fine musical programme
consisted of songs by Mrs. John E.
Birmingham, Miss Laura Taylor and
Miss Josephine Lindley; a violin selec
tion by Miss Laura Howland, and a
piano solo by Miss Ruth Powers.
Considerable interest also centered in
the raflles, and tickets were sold for
pictures by H. T. Latimer, Dr. Arnold
Genthe, Mrs. Loosely and another San
Francisco artist of note. A handsome
bust was also raffled.
The Chrysanthemums appointed to
serve upon committees and to preside
over the tables were as follows:
Flowers— Mrs. Andrew Welch, Mrs.
John Chase, Miss Zelda Tiffany and
Miss Edna Hannigan.
Refreshments— Miss Mabel Toy, Miss
Mabel Hogg, Miss Rachel Hovey and
Mrs. Harvey M. Toy.
Fancy work— Miss Georgie Spieker.
Miss Norma Castle. Mis* Georgie
Shepard and Miss Ruth Gedney.
Fish pond— Mrs. Jack Wilson. Miss
Paula. Wolff and Miss Laura Taylor.
Candy— Mrs. Edward Hume, Miss
Mabel Donaldson, Miss Hovey, Miss
Tiffany and Mrs. Harvey M. Toy.
Entertainment— Miss Laura Taylor
and Miss Mabel Toy.
Printing— Mrs. Richard Bahls and
Miss Hovey. •
The young. women are gratified over
the success of a he fete, as everything
was sold. The proceeds will be devoted
to the Chrysanthemum fund, which '
provides a free bed from year to year
in the Children's Hospital.
The collection, which has been on
exhibition, recently in Los Angeles,
Pasadena and Santa Barbara, will be
shown for a few days here and after
the St. Louis Exposition will be taken
to New York and Boston.
The studio of Mrs. May Mott-Smith
Bird at 231 Post street was the scene
of considerable interest yesterday af
ternoon, when many Invited guests
attended a private view of a collection
of her hand-made Jewelry which is
atiout to be placed in the art exhibit
at the St. Louis Exposition.
Mrs. Bird is a young artist of high
standing, who, from love of precious
stones, devote3 her talents to making
replicas of antique jewelry, reproduc
ing the general designs of the ancients;
some of them as far back as the
Etruscan style. In originating orna
ments, some of which are decidedly
barbaric . In character, Mrs. Bird
brinps to her antique effects the in
telligent use of tone color that comes
from her early training in art, giving
an added charm to her creations.
She shows a marked taste for jade,
in dull gold settings, and opal mat
rices,, which she combines with very
odd stones. A thumb ring which ex
cited considerable comment yester
day included a large, uncut sapphire,
rare nearls and fine enameling. An
other odd. conceit was a dog collar of
turquoise matrices and pearls set in
exquisitely wrought gold. A necklace
of Philippine pearls set in unfinished
gold, with an immense opal pendant,
attracted much admiration.
Splendid Collection to Interna
tional Exposition.
Mrs. May Mott-Smith Bird Will Send
HAND-MADE JEWELRY »
FOR ST. LOUIS FAIR
CHARITY FETE
OF AUXILIARY
IS A SUCCESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 190*.
38
WHY NbT TRY
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE
Springs
WEOFFER YOU THE BEST OF MINERAL
waters, accommodations and service.
Table unvurrasHed. Rooms hard finished, light-
ed by electricity. Buildings newly painted.
All tb<» pomilar sporU and amueementff. Liv-
ery, telephone and pcetofflce.
Shortest route and cheapest fare to Lake
County. Host centrally situated. Delightful
excun«ions on Clear Lake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now.
TERMS— $10 to $17 50 p«r week. For Book-
let, etc.. call on our act-nt. H. R, -DUFl'lN,
<:.'!s Market street, or aridrepe
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs, Cal.
Ideal summer resort, hunting, boating, fish-
Ing. MufIc every evening. Send fbr pamphlet.
O WEISMAN, Midlake P, O..Lake county.Cal..
or call on Dr. Happersbergor,1104 Market. S. l\
HOTEL ROWARDENNAH
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA."
BEN LOMOND— Santa Cruz County.
REGULAR SEASON.
Will open May 15th under entirely new man-
agrment. Round 'rip tirkett> from San Frur:-
cisco |3.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau,
II Montgomery St., S. F.. or to WILLIAM o.
DODGE, Lessee.
Napa Soda Springs.
The tamou}' mountain health and pleasure
resori i> not* ooeu for the patronage of the
public. Address ... JOHN JACOBS.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively Improved since last season.
Op«os April 1. THOS. L. BELL, Mgr.. Felton,
Cal. Buy tickets to Tuxedo, -narrow-gauge,
fcot of Market street. Round trip. $3.00.
LOS GATOS.
HOTEL LYNDON — Modern improvements,
extensive grounds; popular amusements; lawn
tennis, croquet; climate unsurpassed. Opposite
depot. J. P.. MOGENSON, Prop.
PESCADEKO.
Swanton House," under; new management,
popular hotel of gan Mateo Co. | Commodious
cottages, beautiful grounds, famous pebble
beach, fishing, hunting, sea bathing. Phone.
Rate.% §8 and $10 per week. G. C. LUCE.
Proprietor. . , ' • '¦
HARBIN SPRINGS— Most desirable in Lake
Co.; contain sulphur,- iron, magnesia and
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca-
tarrh, paralysis,' dropsy, . kidney, ¦ liver and
stomach troubles; new gymnasium, - bowling
alley, handball court and billiard room. Roumt-
trip tickets. 8. P. office, tS. J. A. HAYS, Prop.
TVI OUWTAIH VIEW BA2TCH HOTEL
¦**•* and cottages, in th« mountains, near Rantu.
Crur.. First-Class table and accom.. gas, baths, j
phone,- dally mail *, bowling, croquet. . amuse- i
ments; terms. $9 up. Campers to Glenwood; inc '
carriage. $3 73 round trip. FRANK R. DANN,
Banta Cruz, j }T*redericksen & Hut ton, Managers.
REDWOOD VILLA KEEORT.
¦ 'Excellent board, home cooking; tent ground.
tf desired, with board, $5. Room and board $3
ta $10. Hest. hunting and fishing. ' MRS. A. L,
ACKERMAN, La, Honda, San Mateo County,
nEDfiCHEIM ' Delightfully eltuated • in the
DCnll JULliU , Santa Crus Redwoods. Rates
IT and |S per week; For 'circulars address G.
F. BIEDENWEG. R. D. JSl.BanU Cru«, Cal.
URNISHED; ROOMS TO LET at Santa
Cruz, near car line, at Garfleld Park. MRS,
CLARENCE NORRIS. Colonial Cottages,* Santa
CruvCal. '
ADVEBTISEMENT3.
. B * BBr Miss Alice. Bailey, of
Atlanta, Ga., escaped the sur-
geon's knife, by using Lydia E.
Pinktiam's Vegetable Compound.
" Dear Mrs. Pikkham : — I • wish to
express my gratitude for the restored
health and happiness Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound has
• brought into my life. "
" I had suffered for three years with
terrible pains at the time of menstrua-
tion, and did not know, what the trouble
was until the doctor pronounced it in-
flammation of the ovaries, and
proposed an operation.
.-;,*' I felt so weak and sick that I felt
sure that I could not survive the ordeal,
and so I told hinvthat I would hot un-
dergo it. The following .^week I \ read
an advertisement in i. the paper of your
Vegetable Compound in such an emer-
gency, and so I decided, to try it. Great
was my joy to find that I actually im-
proved | after., taking '.two bottles, so \ I
kept taking it for ten weeks, and at the
>nd of that time I was . cured. I had ;
gained eighteen: pounds '; and- was in
excellent health, and am now. . •*
"You surely,deserve great success,-
and you have my k very. best wishes."— :
Miss . A mce B ajlet, ¦ SO ¦: North ,. Boule-.
.vard, Atlanta, Ga. —S5000 forfeit If original
ef above letter proving genuineness cannot be pro-
auced.*:: ¦-.. ¦¦•¦•[¦ , - ¦¦¦ ¦• .-. ¦—¦.¦ ¦¦¦ '
¦ All sick women would be wise
if they would take Lydia E. Pink- 1
ham's Vegetable Compound and
be well.
BA&TLETT
SPRINCS.
The early angler catches the fish
BARTLETT.
If you are a disciple of Izaak
Walton you will find >?reat pleasure
in trout fishing at
BARTLETT.
If you are "run down" and
''worn out" with care and trouble;
if you are an invalid and suffering
from disease, come to Bartlett for
health and recreation.
RATES — $12.00 to $17.50 per
week.
Write J. E. McMAHAX. Bartlett
Sptings. Cal., or call at 2 Sutter
street, San Francisco.
_ _ _ _ _ j^lt HOT SPKINOg. SONOMA
\ICOnnK COL'JCTT; or iT 4>J hours
UA/ll/W from San Francesco and
but 0 miles staging; wa-
ter* noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in £tate: boating and
cwlmmlng in Warm Spring* Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mail. ex>
precs and t?an Francisco morning and evening
paper*: nrtST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
KERVIOJ2: both morning and arternoon stacr*;
round trip from San Francisco only $.1 5(». Take
Tiburon ferry dally at 7:S0 a. m. cr 3:30 p. m.
Rates (> a day or $12 a week. Reference*, any
srueet of the past ntne years. Patronage of
VWi unprecedented. Information at Peck's In-
lermatlon Bureau. 11 Montjr' n.try st.. or of
J. V. MULGREW. Kkaggg. Cal.
SODA BAY SPRINGS
Fituated on . Clear Lal:e. Hunting-, fishing-,
locating, launch, horses, tennis, croquet, dark-
room, warm soda gf-yser In bathhouse, club-
huuse, etc.. increased a(*commodation«, mod-
«'rn convenience*. Seeners' unsurpassed. Tabl*
«. rpeclslty. Ilate? per iv«ek. (10 to (15. Photo*
• nd information at Chatfleld *. Vlr.sent'*. 22a
Montgomery Ft., or addreF* E. Jane Gardiner
• formerly roanarer Tatnalpais Tavern), f?oda
Hj.v, Kelseyvillc P. P.. Lake Co.. Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS.
Extensive Improvements this year. A new
sp.-n.f found which T.-111 effect more cures In a
day than tlie other waters in a week; 15 miner-
al springe. Wai guarantee cure for dyspepsia,
kidney, liver, etnmach. rheumatism. Wood, skin
<il«eases. etc. $10 to $10 per week. Information
Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery *t.. or J. MAR-
TENS, Uatchelor P. O.. Lake County, CaJ.
CAMP VACATION.
Hotel under canvas on the Itusslan River
below OuernevIUe in a grore a mile and a half
lenp. skirting the river; tennis courts; 40 new
boats; will build a dam In the river; 4 miles
of smooth water for boating and bathing.
Adult« $2 p*r day, $10 per week: children
under 10 half rate*.- Bpertal -rates for fami-
lies. Opens May 1. Address MRS. L. C. CNO-
PIUS. Camr* Vacation. "Vacation" P. O.. So-
noma County. Cal. . -"
Owe Simmer HoniCf "iTca Camp Meeker
Pure water, equable climate, lota celling $18
up; cottatrs built by Meeker. 460 up; depot:
• lore*; restaurant; hotel; post- and exprers;
telephone; sawmill; 800 lots cold; 300 cottages
kuilt. Saueallto ferry. N. 8. K. R. M. C.
KEEKER, Camp Sleeker, Sonoma County.
VICHY SPRINCS
Three mlle« from Ulclah, Mendodno County.
Katural electric water*, champasne baths.
Lovely grounde; fishing and hunting; crystal
moriOKl aecommodatlona and table first claxs.
J. A. REDEMBTER, Proprietor.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
' OBAiro CTurmAJ. hotel.
1'ellon Cal. Rates reasonable.
MRS- l - y - HATES.
BOWELL ML, WOODWORTITS ?{ r t b n Si:
Ko tot. Pureet eprtnc water. Climata natural
tonic and Invirorator. Residence 2» year*. »T
T*r week. Woodworth A Mailer. Bt.Helena.CaJ.
ROClCT Falls rarm. 4 miles frem Santa Crn*.
la mts. O.M.6blppey,l*4 R.F.U^lBta Crux. J
GREAT MAY DAY NUMBER.
S«e the Beautiful Full Pago
Painting of Brautiful and
, Popular Society Women
No. 3.
Mrs. Edward Sydney Rothschild
NEXT SUNDAY" CAM*.
iTHE GEYSERS
The Hoit Famous Health ana FlMSUX*
Resort in Calirornla.
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERT are unsur-
1 patsed and the waters are acknowledged th«
I best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
I and Ilamiram baths. Swimmlns lake ef tepid
1 mineral water. Uoatlng. huntine, Ushlngr.
'. dancing. Ehuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THH HOTEL AND COTTAGES- have been
: renovated throughout, ar.d new cottages and a
fine pavilion built this year.
There will be a fully equipped dairy and Hv.
«y itable In connection with the hotel. The
hctel. cottages, bath bourea and grounds are
; llptited by electricity.
I The hotel Trill be supplied with the be«t the
; market a£Tord& Hates. $10, $13, $14 and JIG
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. II. CUHRT. Prop. The Geysers,
Sonoma County, California.
VACATION 1904
IS NOW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION.
"VACATION" is issued an-
nually 'by the
California Northwestern R'y
IBS PICTU&EEQUE ECUTE Cf CALIFORNIA
and Is the (standard publication
on the Pacific Coast for informa-
tion regarding
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS,
COUNTRY HOMES AND FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
This year's edition. "Vacation
1904." contains over 150 pages,
beautifully Illustrated, .and. is
complete in its detailed informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc,, with
terms from $7.00 per week up.
. To be htd at Ticket Office?, ,650 Market
Street tChronicle Building), and Tiburon Ferry,
foot of Market Street; General Of flee. Mutual
Life Building, cerrer of eansotne and California
j Streets, San Francisco; in Oakland at 972
I liroiid war. [ r.'y (
Applications fey Mall Will Becelv* Im-
mediate Sesponsc
IL C. WHITING, Gen'l Manager.
, , R. X. RYAN. Gen'l Pass'r Agent
SEIGLER sp"i°ngs
Natural Hot Baths. Positive cure for rheu-
matism, anhma. Wonderful waters for liver. ;
kidmy ar.d a'.l stomach troubles. Swimming
pond, pymnasiu.n. Orchestra. Hard-finished
rooms. Housekeeping cottages. Electric lights. ,
Ar.'cnic beauty baths. Dairy. Rates (10 to til!
I per week. Baths and amustments free. Address
1 H. H. McGowan, prop., Eelgler, Lake Co., Cal.
AKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
fcTAGE LINK— Hopland to Bartlett Spring*
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Laieport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at Hopland. Leave Uopland at 12*8U-
arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:80. New C-horse 14-passtoeer
tourist wagons, with all the most modern im-
provements. Passengers for Lakeport or Bart-
lett Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Spring*
Etape Line. Tickets can be purchased at office
of California N. W. Ry., 630 Market et., or
at Tiburon ferry.
, MILLER fc HOWARD. Prop*.
FflffTlFS HFST For**'* Rat n**« of Banta
rUlvUEDKEjl Cruz Mt». S. P. c. R. R..
round trip *3; enlarged; surrounded by two ro-
mantic trout streams; fishing, hunting, bath-
ing-; a picturesque place. • Adults }u 00 per
week, children half price. W. C. l*ORDE. Ec-
Cles. Cat. . .-•: ¦
ILLOW RANCH, delightfully located in
redwood*. B mllea from Santa Cru*. Spring
water, fruit, milk, excellent table; dally mall;
free conveyance; 17 week: long distance phone.
MRS. W. CRAKDELL. Santa Crus. '¦ Cal.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 f*[ r y : -of #ift% PARIS *
\ Dry Goods Company. |
o • - •
O j— —^ — — 1 9
I CO! flRFD DRFSS TiflflDS I
0 I •
e . ¦:..,,,.¦ •
g The assortment of extremely stylish fabrics for the present season g
• is thoroughly complete, and prices of same range in such proportions •
J as to meet the demands of intending purchasers. q
? 57.OO < ALL-WOOL UCE VOILE, a decided novelty in full •
• * Suit 1 wn K c °* colors. 9
• • . •
• $O.75 f HISTRAL BOURRETTE, a stylish material for demi- |
• O g U j( I tailor suits. o
2 S
c *T"Suit 1 sonabk material. J
• $17-00 f ETAHINE MELANGE, a high grade novelty and S
• . • * Suit 1 beautiful combination of colorings. g
1 FRENCH VOILE ROBES |
• Almost complete— no trimmings required— the skirt has only to be g
c sewed together. •
•¦# ¦ ©
S CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 8
O Gearj and Stockton Street*. Union Square. o
S(80»©©©««©#C«6<B0C©e088©e00G®©0090030©00e©«ta§
NEW3IAX A IiEYIXSOy. \
Kearny and Sutter Sts. -
Our Annual Lace Curtain Sale
Starts cTWonday* Morning ===== Values Greater Than Ever
' ¦ " (Second Floor Sutter Street)' .
An unusual opportunity to secure extraordinary values in Lace Curtains — $3,500 worth of
beautiful high-grade Curtains, suitable for parlor, dining or bed rooms, will be offered to-morrow at
lower prices than you have ever known for similar goods.
Nottingham Lace Curtains, white or Nottingham Lace Curtains, white or Arabian Lace Curtains, fine quality,
ecru, 3 yards long, choice de- . ecru, entirely newclunyandan- A conventional borders, plain net
signs; real value I1.25 pair, at $1.00 tique designs; worthy $2.75 pr.,at $2.00 centers; worth $3.75 pair, at. . .»J.VU
Nottingham Lace Curtains, white or Arabian Lace Curtains, with plain net Handsome Irish Point and Brussels
ecru, plain and figured centers, . A centers and handsome corded Net Curtains, choice, exclusive -
3# yds. long; worth $2 pair, at $1.50 borders; value $3.25 pair, at. . .$2.50 designs; value $6.00 pair, at. ..^^u
Toadies' Stvlish Summer Suits
M—J Mvt * V/»J KJ L ¥ lloll \J VA 11x111 VX ' wax \,kj
cAt Specially Interesting Prices To-morrow
The new Summer Suits are now being shown in so many charming styles that whatever your
taste may be it is sure to be gratified by a visit to our Suit Department. We describe three of the
favorites, but there are dozens of others you'll like. i.».
Stylish Eton Walking Suits of fancy -Walking Suits, in latest spring models, Handsome Walking Suits, of brown
mixed materials, in tan and gray; eton and military coat effects of cheviot wool Berege, new eton effect with
eton jacket prettily, trimmed in braid, and fancy mixtures, trimmed with shoulder cape; jacket daintily piped
buttons and silk piping; pleated skirt; braid and buttons; full flare skirts; with silk; full pleated skirt; very stylish
fine value at . special at, per suit and exceptionally fine value at V^
$15.00 $21.50 * $25.00
Choice Black Dress Goods
Four. Exceptional Values for c^Wonday
(First Floor Kearny St.) »
Black Mohair Sicilian— Black Etamine— a hand- Black Nub Voile— a fine, Black Voiles, all wool, 54
a bright, lustrous material, some light-weight fabric for high grade all wool fabric; inches wide,.in choice natte
suitable for street gowns, summer wear, 44 inches novelty knot effect brought effects, a material of superb
50 inches wide; real value, wide; worth regularly $1,, out for this season; 44 ins. quality in very latest weave;
85c — on sale to-morrow at special at_ wide; value fi.50, at real value $1.75, our price
50c Yard 75c Yard $1.00 Yard $1.25 Yard
Sale of Tuckings and Allovers ;v
(First Floor Kearny St.)
Some of the handsomest White Embroidery Allovers and Tuckings of the season are in this sale
— suitable for Waist, Fronts, Yokes, Sleeves and Children's Dresses— and this is the way they are
going to be sold to-morrow: . .
Embroidery Allovers, regular price $1. 00 yd, sale price 75c Val.Lace Yokings, regular price 11.25 yd, sale price 90c
Embroidery Allovers, regular price {1.25 yd, sale price 90c Hemstitched Yokings, reg. price Ji.4oyd, salepric* $1.15
Tucked Lawn Yokings, reg. price $1.00 yd, sale price 80c TuckedLawn Yokings, reg. price $1. 60 yd, saleprlce JI.35
Waist Pin Sets Ladies' Lace Hosiery
35c and 50c Styles at 25c Set 50c Quality at 33c Pair
(First Floor Sutter St.) ; , (Main AUle Kcarny St.)
Hundreds of Waist Sets, consisting of three This is a new lot of Hosiery which we shall
and four pins, go on special sale Monday. Some place on special sale to-morrow. They are
are oxidized, some French enamel, others are" exceptionally fine quality Black Lisle Thread,
gilt, in an immense variety of new, up-to- allover lace designs, a choice of several dainty
date designs, worth regularly 35c and 50c OC« styles— the kind that usually sell at 50c OQo
set. Sale price ZOu pair. Sale price UuC
Boys' Sweaters, $ 1 .00 Sale of Floss Pillows
(Third Floor Kearny, St.) [Second Floor Kearny St.) .n 1 -
A splendid assortment of Boys' Sweaters Pillows that are made of excellent quality
await to-morrow's shoppers at the above remark- Floss and covered with best white muslin.~ Prices
able price. They are made of fine quality avooI, while this quantity lasts:
with sailor or rolling collars, in good serviceable PiiiowSjiexie.wt. goz. 20c Pillows, 22x22, wt. 220*. 40c
colors with neat stripes. Your choice C j" rtfl Pillows.18x18.wt.13oz. 25c Pillows, 24x24, wt. 28 ox. 45c
Monday, at special sale price.............. M> * .\JU PiUows,2ox2o, wt. 170Z. 30c Pillows, 26x26, wt. 34 oz. 55c
Mail Orders Receive Prompt Attention — - Samples Sent to Any Address.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kmmammnaaamm t™j. xuk t^tuni. ¦KsacnsBBMaoaan
The one object of this announcement is to tbow
that FKEE TKIA1. bottles of
MARY T. GOLDMAN'S
GRAY HAIR RESTORER
w»l Jrt "«¦ kaek the •rtctaat eolor of gray aad
f«di-4 hair and »lll 1c«t« the hair ctvan. Saffy
and nAtural. It fa». n. .r.Hmrnt mm* t. t kerr-
. f«re h.rmlr... .Not* dye. Bo certain are tho
result* that we ar« perfectly wflUn* to reat any
powible future tales open what eaa be demon-
strated with th«M trial bottles. Can we do any-
thing more fairl Send UeentstnstampatoeoTtr
postage. Send ran name and addree* and be rare
ta tei 1 n» the original color of your aalr, also aend
sample ef aalr. Address
„_ - 7. MART T. OOVDXAlt.
337-340 Soldnaa BMg., St. Pan!, Mlaa.
Lire* I still $1, Priiiii. Wi kan msi» la m irj city.
NOTICE. It eosts us tie for eTrry free (ample
Dottle w* send oat. If we did net have a prepar-
ation that will nil on it* merit* later, could we
afford thla method of lntrcKjacUOBl
Tmr aalo by
World Drug Co.. 813 Market at.
Zeh's Drug Store, 1228 Market st.
Goldstein A Cohn (Hair Stcre). 823 Mkt St.
•STAAr/oj* rjr/j w££/r- &iu, oa
DRL WILLIAMS
369 Sutter Street. \
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all other facial blemishes are removed by
P^* nd>Mr *- A - w -- TRAVERSE. DcnoHo*
building. ¦ 1170 Market street.- cor. Taylor, rooms,
28-29. with the electric needle, without pain or
¦car; permanency tuaranteed; hours X to ? 9 cIn the evening a banquet was given
the delegates at the Techau Tavern.
Conditions In the various towns were
talked over.
State headquarters are to be opened
immediately in the Crossley building,
corner of Mission and New Montgom
ery streets*.
The State Federation will take charge
of the organization work throughout
the State and push the work into every
nook and corner.
The State convention of Citizens' Al
liances met yesterday afternoon in the
committee rooms of the San Francisco
local and formed a State Federation of
Citizens' Alliances. The locals were
represented as follows: San Francisco.
Herbert George; Palo Alto, A. B. Show;
Sacramento, D. A. Lindley; Fresno,
Fulton G. Bern': Los Angeles, F. J.
Zeehandelaar; Stockton, Charles E.
Holt; Santa Clara County, J. F. Park
inson; Watsonville. W. H. Benteen;
Oakland, C. F. Carl; Fort Bragg, L. J.
Scooffy.
William E. Alexander of San Fran
cisco was elected president, F. J. Zee
handelaar of Los Angeles vice presi
dent and L. J. Scooffy secretary-treas
urer.
Sleeting Held In Rooms of the San
Francisco Local and Organiza
tion Is Completed.
CITIZENS' AJjTIASCISS
IS STATE FEDERATION'
At least this was the Information
that was conveyed to Harriman, who,
however, got the tip recently that the
Santa Fe was again looking over the
Martin syndicate's property. Then
Harrlroan immediately set about get
ting hold of the road and effected his
plans Quietly three months ago. Mean
while, however, the Santa Fe had
aroused further anxiety among the
Harriman crowd by boldly sending its
freight agents into Northern Califor
i;ia in search of contracts for hauling
the fruit product, and publicly an
nouncing that it purposed to get a
large share of the business, support
ing Its boast with the statement that
ii had its own cars and could afford to
handle the fruit to an advantage to
not only itself, but the shippers.
Later the Santa Fe purchased a
rouple of river steamers and followed
thi3 move by acquiring the necessary
rights of way for a road up the Sac
ramento River, from Antloch to the
<ity of Sacramento. It was about this
lime that Harriman began to corre
tpond with Ripley regarding the pos
sibility .of their coming together In
Northern California on amicable terms,
and the bait eventually landed Ripley
in the Harriman camp, with proposi
tions that the Harriman-iSchiff concern
were not slow in accepting.
Yesterday Harriman held a long con
ference In his office with James Still
man*, president of the National City
rank of New York, who is expected
to furnish some of the coin that will
be 'needed to carry out the plans for
extending the California Northwestern
and making other improvements
agreed on by himself and Ripley.
l.ater I. W. Hellman Jr., of the Union
Trust Company, who Is identified In
a financial way with many of the Har
riman interests in California, and John
It will be a third-rail project, but so
const nicted as to overcome much of
the element of danger that attends the
opefatlon of a similar service on the
North Shore road, and will be of suf
ficient magnitude to anticipate in
creased traffic across the bay for fif
teen years. Just before the two mag
nates finished their conference Harri
mnn informed Ripley that the Southern
Pacific has under consideration *a
scheme for operating a line of small
steamer* between the town of Sonoma
and the bay, with a view of relieving
the company's road of much of its
.lighter freight, and at the same time
creating a competitor for a line that is
now being organized for the same busi
ness In that section of the State.
That Harriman had been suing for
peace with Ripley for some time has
been no secret among a number of
financiers in this city, and the hurried
arrival here Friday morning of Ripley
and the conference that followed is
no great surprise. The determination
Khnwn by the Santa Fe to build a line
to caused no small alarm in
the Harriman camp a year go. and
prompted the financial representative
of Jacob Schiff to hasten his agents
into a conference with A- W. Foster of
the ¦California Northwestern with the
view of getting hold of that road. For
a time the Santa Fe had an option on
the North Shore road, but allowed It
io lapse after the engineers of the
Santa Fe had decided that the small
coast line had no particular advantages
for the Eureka project other than the
bay terminal it owns at Sausalito.
REFERS PLANS TO BANKERS.
OAKLAND IMPROVEMENTS.
in the northern country, through which
l>oth have been planning to build com
peting lines at an expense that their
respective engineers have estimated
will reach into many millions of dol-
Icrs.
UTPE OUT LITIGATION.
By extending the line from Eureka
i< nd the other from Willits to an agreed
l»oint of union the two magnates will
a!so DOOM to an amicable settlement of
the'r legrai battle over terminal rights
in the town of liureka. There is now
on appeal a suit involving the right of
Harriman's roatl. the Eureka and Kla
rr.ath River, to enter the town of Eu
reka. Recently in this suit, which was
brought by A. B. Hammond, with
whom Harriman is interested, the
court gave a Judgment in favor cf the
Eureka and Klamath River road,
against the San Francisco and North
western Railway, which, by right of its
purchase of the Eel River and Eureka
road, held the city front of the north
ern harbor.
The two magnates have also agreed
that as soon as it is deemed practicable
the California Northwestern will
be connected with the Napa Valley
branch of • tire Southern Pacific, which
will greatly facilitate the shipment of
fruit from points In Napa Valley to
this city. At present the Southern Pa
cific hauls its perishable freight from
the valley to this city in a roundabout
way, via Suisun and Benicia, whereas"
by way of the proposed shorter connec
tion at Napa the fruit can be shipped
to San Francisco via Tiburon in a
great deal quicker time. •
IIAIUUMAN TO DOMINATE.
Another arrangement entered into by
Harriman and Ripley, and personally
approved by thejn at their meting Fri
day, was that the California North
western shall, as soon as through con
nections are made with Eureka, be
used almost exclusively for heavy traf
lic, and Its passenger traffic, in so far
es^ It is possible, and particularly be
tween this city and San Rafael, will be
diverted to the North Shore road, the
rolling stock of which will be increased
and Its road bed improved for that pur
pose. Later the Cazadero end of the
'North Shore road will be extended and
its main line and branches overhauled.
It was further agreed that, while
both the Southern Pacific and the
tianta Ft are hereafter to be jointly in
terested in the various California
linos mentioned. Harriman will, on the
surface, continue to appear as the
dominating power. It is also known
that Ilarriman received from Ripley
certain concessions in Oakland relative
to riehts^f way and the future policy
•if the two roads, but the particular
features of these are yet a secret be
tween the two railroad presidents.
Harriman, however, informed Ripley
that his director of maintenance
and operations, Julius Kruttschnitt,
had flnally, after months . of
< xperiments, solved the question
af= to the best method of sub
stituting electric power for steam
on th» Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda
• Jo-'al service, and that an elaborate;
< lectric service would roon be installed
across the bay.
To-day these men will have another
talk, at which A. W. Foster has been
invited to be present, and within a few
days Harriman will have completed all
his arrangements for the undertaking
which will be carried out in the future
under the direction of Director of
Maintenance and Operations Krutt
schnitt of the Harriman lines.
Martin, president of the North Shore
road, were called Into the conference,
which lasted until late in the day.
To Stillman aud Hellman Harriman
first explained the needs of much
financiering in connection with the
projects devised by himself and Rip
ley, and then Julius Kruttschnltt, who
is always on hand to furnish data to
his chief, entered into an elaborate de
scription of the work that will be nec
essary to carry out all that has been
planned by Harriman and Ripley and
the rolling stock and other railroad ma
terial that will be required to put the
project on a modern footing for opera
tion.
Continued From Pago 25, Column 4.
RAILROAD PRESIDENTS
CONSUMMATE BIG DEAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, SUNDAY, APRIT 24, 1904.
39
INGLESIDE
COURSING
f - - i ,
' i
PARK
64-DOG
OPEN STAKE
And 16 Dog Puppy Stake.
SUNDAY, APRIL 24
~~~ ~~
Coursing will begin at 10 o'clock sharp and
continue until the last winning flag goes up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $1000
All Mission street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
¦ THOMAS TIERNET. Judee.
EDWARD SHORTSTAO. Slipper.
.-<--' . .-¦ . \/--,. ~ : ¦ ' ¦
High-Class Specialties : Every Afternoon and
Eienlng In the Theater.
¦ . \ •¦¦'¦¦ - • ' ' ..": '¦- v ¦; ' _ '.
FLO ADLER; BOWERS AND CURTISS;
HUSTON; HADLEY AND ARCHER;
THREE MALVERNS: { LITTLE RUTH I RO-
WLAND AND NEW MOVING PICTURES.
:^ Take a i Ride . on .the \ V .^ V 1
Miniature Electric Railroad.
Rare Animals • From Every; Clime* In the, Zoo.
AMATEUR' NIGHT THURSDAY.
Admission. . 10c; Children. . 5a -'ilreRga
AT n AT in Belasco & Mayer.
ALCAZAR zrs*z&.
¦ General Manager.
LAST MAT. TO-DAT— LAST TIME TO-NIGHT
The Frisky Mrs. Johnson
Evs;., 25c to 75c: Mats. Sat. & Sun.. 25c to 50e.
FRIDAT. APRIL 29. SPBX3IAL MATINEK..
Margaret Wycherly
In Wm. Teats' "LAND OF HEART'S D«-
SIRE" and "THE HOUR GLASS."
TO-MORROW NIGHT. The Famous Comedy.
400th week of the TUB VCW TI AW
ALCAZAR STOCK CO. luC WCW tLUWfl.
CENTRAL ,;¦
Market Street. Near Elrhth. Phone S«rth 83X
MATINEE TO-DAT— TO-NIGHT LAST TIMB.
The Spectacular Success,
The WhIteSquadron
TO-MORROW N NIGHT— ALL NEXT .WEEK.
Joseph Arthur's Famous Sensational Drama,
THE S 1 ILL ALARM
Thrininr Story of a Fireman's Life.
PDIfPC Evenlnffs............. 10c to 50c
rKlWCJ Matinees: 10c. 15c. " 2fc
Woman
p)JlS\&&Mffl marvel Whirling Spray
Vi^SCvVCSr^SL txonand Surtion. He»t-:*»f-
_est— Moit ConTenlent.
, itk jaar dn»cfl«t f§r It. /fHL '„. \\\^~i ""^ "
If IiecAnnotiupply the Vv fa^^'' t/ wk / <O .
MAUVKL. accept no
other, but tend itainp for I*W/V\S
,illnstr«tedbook-««i^. It fires iPt / .. WJT
fall p»rtlcnl»rs and directions id- t)& M jf
T»iu*bi^ to i»rti«» J»i .% b v ki> co.»aiM lfmi;>,mW
41 rark Haw, Sew 1 ark. i "'!-#*^
i 152 New Montgomery. San Francisco. cB.
William Hatteroth (Ladies' Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union Drug Co.,214 Kearny & Van Ness & Mkt
O»good Brothers... 7th and Broadway. OakJantt
Baldwin Pharmacy.. i • u» E'»»
Prescriptions 34;406 and 7.
. arrABAKTK53> ' CUBS k FOB ; 3KSV.
HAKMLESS IKJECTIOir. Cures ordinary-
cases In a ttsir days. Warranted to cur»
worst cases. SO OTHEB ,TBBATMJ«re
HEOtnaED. Prevents and- Cures Stric-
tures. FBEVXWTS COJTTAOIO1T. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both. bottles. For sal* only
jt. b. nUTS PF * OT. 103 Eddy.
Weekly Call. $1 r per .Yew'
' ' W««k Commencing THIS • AFTER- ' '
[' ' NOON. April 24. " -
IDEAL VAUDEVILLE!
LEW SULLY -11;
"President of the Lauch Trust."
• Tbe Daintiest Dancer on the Stage, < ,
: LA PETITE ADELAIDE !
Lat* of tha 8haftesbury , Theater, . < '
London. . . % k
i Th» Men Who Can M&ko and Take a , ,
Joke.
:: MITCHELL and LOVE
Giving; a Glimpse of "MARRIED LIFE
" ON THB INSIDE." \\
[ Second and Last Weak of - the Eminent '
Comedian.
WILFRED CLARKE
! , WITH. KZS COKFAZTZ*. \ '
ii Presentlnr His Most Successful Faro*. ,
"IN THE BIOORAPH."
¦I ETHEL LEVEY ¦
1 (MRS. GEORGE M. COHAN.)
' ' The Versatile ' and Vivacious Slnglns; ' '
and Dancing; . Comedienne. '
ii Tony Wilson and Heloise |
1 The Orltlnators of the "Tramplln >
Bar Act." . , ,
j MLLE. AMOROS :
, Charming and Sensational Trapes* Per-
i ( former, Assisted by MLLE. , . *
T CHARLOTTK.
:: ORPHEUM MOTION PICTURES jj!
, Showing; the Latest Novelties.
Third and Last Week of the Talk of
the Town, the
jj FOUR MORTONS
\ [ SAM. KITTIE, CLARA and PAUL. \
The Favorite Family of Funmakers.
| Regular Matinees Every Wednesday,
i ( , Thursday, Saturday and Sunday. '
( Prlces-^10c, 25c and 50c.
TO-NIGHT 9S?
ANOTHER WEEK !
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Mr. Fred Nlblo Politely Proffers
m Four Cohans
j AND A COMPANY OF 72 PEOPLE
, In Geo. M. Cohan's Immense Musical Comedy
"RUNNaNG FOR OFFICE"
5s:t MOlJAY, MAY 2
ft P I T First Time in San Francisco.
XhAI KLAW & ERLANGER Present
ULnl CI/S AND MAX
SALE ROGERS
1 In JOHN J. McNALLY'S Latest
Wed, "THE ROGERS BROS.
IN LONDON"
"¦ 110-Entertainers-llO
TIV0USS5&
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST NIGHT.
A BEGGAR STUDENT
BEGINNING TO-MORROW NIGHT.
Grand Revival' of the Military j Spectacu-
lar Comic Opera,
Music f™"7T^^^T7 l "l Book °y
by Julian | WHEN I Stanislaus
!±fr johnny nEzi
COMBS MARCHING I
1 — "~j home r — ¦
Popular prices 25c, BOc, 76c
i, . Box and Mezzanine Seats, $1.
MAJESTIC
Market St., Opp. Larkin.
NOW THOROUGHLY HEATED.^
TO-NIGHT AND ALL NEXT WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
¦ The Success of the Season.
ISABEL IRVING
(Management JAMES K. HACKETT)
In Winston Churchill's Great Play,.
"THE CRISIS"
' PRICES— tt BO. $1, BOc: box seats, |2.
. Box Office Open 9 a. in. to 10 p. m.
SEMBRICH
And MR. RUDOLPH 6ANZ, Pianist
ALHAMBRA THEATER
Thursday Wl^Vr ET
wight yyia y
Saturday M A «/ -TT
Afternoon yY%a Y ¦*
SEATS 93.00, $2.00. $1.00.
BOX SEATS $3.50.
At Sherman, Clay fc Co.'« next Thurs-
day morning; where :¦¦ complete pro-
gTammes may be ; obtained. . ¦ -
Racing I^^^^Racinji
OAKLAND- RACE TRACK
NKW CALIFORNIA JOCKET CLUB.
Racine Each Week Da- Rain or Shlnw
Six or More Races Daily.
lUc«« commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
- For speciar trains stopping at the track tak*
& P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. I2:3u.
1:00, 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No . smoklnc . In last two
cars. • which arc reserved for ladles and their
cicorts. ' ¦¦ ¦ ¦¦ \ ''-¦¦¦' - ¦¦¦::¦'':¦ '¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦ '
.< Returning trains leav» track at 4:10 and
4:45 and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H.WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. , TREAT. Secretary.-- '
SAN FRANCISCO^ |SS
BY AUTOMOBILE
MOBILE OABKZAaii CO. ¦¦ ¦
GOLDEN GATE and; GOUGH: ST. ,
:Phone Private Exchange 770. ; \ . —
Downtowc Offices — Court Palact Hotel ;
Lobby St. Francis ' Hotel. /
UNION
COURSING
PARK
p. x ssxrar...... jndr*
JAS. 7. OKACE...... SUpper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, APRIL 24.
" GRAND NATIONAL
CHAMPION STAKE
Third Contest— Best Three in FUe.
Sacramento Boy vs. Rubber Ankles,
- — ALSO
CLASSIC RESERVE STAKE
64— Nominations— 64
PURSE \ | y y y PURSE
TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townsend' streets 10:15
a.' m. and l.p. m.;:Twenty-flfth and Valencia
streets five minutes later. Returning at 4:45
p. . m. and after : the : last course. . San Mateo
electric cars every four minutes during the day.
;4* . : — ' — — '!¦
GREAT MAY DAY NUMBER.
TIIE SECOND "77.'
.The Secopd. of Frank H. Spear-
man's New Series, of- Thril-^""
line Railroad Stories. -
NEXT SUNDAY CAUL.
ONLY SEVEN NIGHTS MORE
KOLB AKD DII.Ii ,
BARNEY BEEHASD
WINFIELD BLAKE
KAUSE AMBUa
HOPE AND EMERSOS
CKAJtLOTTE VISOT
Matinee To=Day=To-Night
TO-MORROW. TUESDAY AND WEDNE3-
FIDDLE=DEE=DEE
THURSDAY. FRIDAY ANT) SATURDAY
NIGHTS-SATURDAY MATINEE.
WHIRU-GIG and JBIB_ LITTLE PRIN3ESS
EXTRA— Week Beginning Next Sun. Mat.
DAVE A. WEIS PRESENTS
Melbourne MacDowell
And a Epeoially Selected Eastern Company In
a Suserb ' Production of Sardou's
LA TOSCA
BEATS ON SALE THURSDAY... 25c. 50a, 75c
THB NEW BURLESQUE) A TREMENDOUS
HIT. -
Uproariously Tunny From First to Last.
Exceptional Cast and Chorus.
Last "Week of . *-
Chow-Chow
Better than any of th« Weber A Field pieces.
Nlcht prices, 23c, BOo and 75c Matinee,
25c and 50c Children at Matinees. lOo and 25c.
Two M&Unees, Saturday, and Sunday.
THURSDAY. April 28— THEATER PARTY.
A. O. F. -
Pure Food
Industrial
Exposition
MECHANICS' PAVILION,
April 30th to May 15th.
ADMISSION, 28c; CHILDREN, 15o.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
BBBHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
ispecial!
» S
a . H
IB All heavy brass trimminfs, two ¦
Q extra trays, double strapped; an D
B excellent valne at $9.50; BE- H
B DUCED FOB A FEW SATS TO H
1 $6.00 |
f A. B. Smith Co. |
13 128 Ellis St., Above Powell. ¦
BHBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB
iCQ Perfect Fitting fj.^
'<*> Eyeglasses l^
j At Moiferate Cost {*,
V 642 'frlARKE.TST.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat^
{MUSEUH OF ANITOMY^
A Q£ lDniUlU7CT.tet.|t*a7tx,8.r.03!.i
\ tjf Tht Lkrrcst Aaateaicsl Mcircn la Ik t \
V World. Vukcmn .r tur cor.lr.c'.c: A
O iSS ipcofc'lit oa tic Cow. E.L 3 4jent 0
A &}3k* CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN $
U i >*<£? Tr««n»M»t pcra»B«'.:y or by Jrttrr. A Q
T If B f*ftn Omrm m €mj an BBdertkkcm. \
Ara Hi k Wr»trf«r E«k. rauaaorBV.fi
"" ff It" SI*»n,IA«S£. MAILEB 1>HK«, I AY
V DB. JOBDAK A CO.. 1051 .Mftrk*t St-.S. P. V
<^fc >^^ ><^B' >^wV >^BV^>sv^»»
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
KEMODELED ANU REBUILT at ezpensa
of $26«,Ot»i^— New Manaeexnent— ENTIKELY
FIREl'KOOF.
LOCATION — Very •eee»s!bl« to street car
lines, theaters, etc EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 nOOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several orlvate looms in antique decorations.
Turkish liaths in Hotel.
UNSURPASSED HESTAURAXT, D» BUI.
cer. Chef, fcrmerly of Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales.
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions In every room; Ions; distance connections
made with any part of the coast.
Wire for rexrrvations. at our expeas*.
HOTEL BUTLER. SeatUe. Wash.
PafarP D0NT F AIL TO
I aiaWV tu the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
/Ifin roMn. the EMPIRB
aiill PARLOR, tht
n l -PALM ROOM, tho
linifla LOUIS XV PAR-
UiaUU LOR, and the' LA-
n i |« DIES' WRITINQ
Hotels rooil
ADVEBTISKIffENTa. _
CUT RATE PRICES
DA I) /> A I IVI *aW
oAKvAIIYo
iHH$l2.50,$l5,$l7.50andS20
Well tailored Suits, • in Eton, Blouse and Coat effects.
They are the latest productions of the season, copied after
the newest and most exclusive models. The materials are
of reliable quality — Venetians, Cheviots and newest novelty
mixtures. High quality and LOW PRICES NOT
EQUALED ANYWHERE.
JACKETS AND LONG COATS AT CUT RATE PRICES
J 0.00 Tan and Castor Jackets. An rn See our High Novelty Covert and
CutRate .. ... .....9U.0U Whip Cord Coats at ..
JJO.OOBkck Venetian Jackets, * 7 r n $12,50, $15, $17,50, $20
satinlined. CutRate OltUU A ,. j' , , , .,
Artistic tailoring and exclusive styles.
510.C0 Black Cheviot Coats, «n nn Dress and Walking Skirts at CUT
satinlined. CutRate &DiUU RATE PRICES.
Pongee Silk Coats, lace trimmed, rilk 2 $9,00
lined, sold last week at C IC nfl CutRate tf*,UU
$18.50. Price now plO.UU $3.50 Walking: Skirts. ' JO 50
Mf^s^S h ' and -
P-— $ 12 ' 50 cTRVte 1^.'. $5.00
$25.00 Silk Coats, C I R R fl $10.00 Black and Navy Nov- « 7 r n
CutRate 0I0.0U eitySkirts. CutRate $f.OU
$10.00 Covert Jackets. «n r n All Silk and Etamine Skirts at CUT
CutRate 00. 0U RATE PRICES.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET
IBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBI
AMTTSBTffENTS.
la^^fc^^/K^W FAVORS AND FULL. OF tfi^xii
SO THE PEOPLE MAY KfftlOW
WE PROMISE AND GIVE THE BEST CIRCUS PER.
FORMAflCE IN AMERICA.
X^^>s^ 0VERWHELHIR6LT SUPERB SPECUCUUB HlPPOOfiOaUTlC ENTREE
J%5e&z£k Wv~^=$x wlth tn * •* 1 <>«* •xtravaaaiHly oostly and beautifully plcJuresque co«-
/v?^^ E%^^£\\ turn**, represantina Japan, Russia, India, Asia, England, Ireland,
t/^&M |ii§i^j\ Soo<l * nd * nd Amerioa.
ir^K^tf] LA BELLE LEONA, Premier Equestrienne
ALEXIUS [^pS?/,!? 1 «
LOOPS THE LOOP H«y lisiSESkii/ *^ f/^'VlS
Defying the laws of gravitation, and Booms to t&s£3B&J/ "Acff^Kwl BE
maka usa of tha aolld loop and tha perfect bicycle. H®*^^^gy *^S7T'i3BH
MLLE. AP.LINE. "THE GIRL IN RED" m<r^€ft '•' * jUt
Introduolna B«n Hur and troupe of Salambo Dogs \ •* A R^» >>^«. affaOrl
In the wonderful D'lWarhle act. fc \ Lin9|'
THE ST. LEON QUINTETTE K^&V/*WA J^^
Famous five favorites of Franoo — Acrobatlquea I *K J&S& •>*^« •—¦* A ••affifefi
Extraordinaire. Suprome aranlo feature cf the aae, V CZ t£@!r*,\ • **^t-W 4Bw
without a parallel In tha annals of clrcua history, y*.? j^z-^t^f 5 i *Q "^S»S
PRISKORN BROTHERS jS^^Lirf' ZX&Si
CLASSIC UN1CYCLISTS & CYCLISTS V$£8)£^Jg§&S£ clol»s\*Tg i
WO ONE DARES ATTEMPT TO IMITATE THEM I raB&gfejftffijffiffi*"* "* FlOtq 3to*s \
HERR LITZEN'S FUNNY DUTCH ELEPHANTS
Executing blzarra feats aa amazlno In Ihalr daring eonoeptlon as they ara unheard of In actual
performance by tha world's hughest beasts, partloularfy featuring Mamma Mary and bar b«by,
Frieda. Absolutely the only trained mother and baby ele phant la the world performing, together.
MLLE. VALLECITA SUSfSS /BtjSk SU6IM0T0'S SCORE OF JAPANESE
Savage wild baasts- lions, tlgars, V^fl° m "jS2l*i!?«S!JlI* 1 mzni *
leopards, panthera-fight for (fktS^Yt^i^f^? J«star».
her oareoeoe, and become • "--=•-¦ *^aff^SSr^M*amx Tur RC*J UMD UCDH HE
quiet at her command. jffiJ^nESSaSSatSSi^. * uLrl nUil liLnU Ul
FAIRYUND ?SS CHILDREN ARABIAN STALLIONS
A hundred Shetland ponies, ¦ ZZfc^'^igft&C*??*^^*^ Twelve In number, the horse
monkey theatre of fifty mon- fflKS* '^fi'V.i- Ffc~ V msrvele of tha ase. The onrj
keys, and beautiful birds, to- i N^NL-^«P^ V? on sin this country, except,
gether with 5^6Tv|* JfQn "^EJT^^Oi^ ' na th «*« recont!/ presented
CM 111] V PI H\UI]0 *^3&mliL&Bw .*^S_ to President Roosevelt.
rUNlM uLUVltiO <v<r^^^p2^^^^ A PRODIGIOUS AGGREGATION
I BIS BUNCH OF FOOLISH BEAUTIES \s^SmSS^e^Sr^^^^ Q^: UYIHG HUMAM FREAXS
THE BARTINE TRIO the great ellett family
H < J7b^k"pXp.r..tw«ite^up.W^ OP FI.YINQ AERIAUSTS BEYOrlD COMPARE
Snffm'o"^ Black Belle, tbe Smallest Horse Erer Born
A hundred aotors, beautiful women magnlfloently costumed In sllion tights, m» Mvfnfl
models and statuary; athletlo men, the personification of brawn and muscle, present two*
entortainmonU daily aa marvelous aa the human eys and mind can eoneeive.
IN THE MENAGERIE INTERMTIOML LUPINB CORTEST
the largest and only one of Us kind In this »,«*iti.. and t..tur.. av «r dmu S m «f b» etw ••>»,.
.^uZSLSSSfiS^tt WEDDING-CAKE WHIRLIGIG
white Siberian camels, dromedaries, man- »i 7s pmtUtMr ir.i«»4 bmttarf n.m.m pwtarw
slaying apes, baboons, monkeys, eto., etc. tee*UMr art ih» mmu^ <m ••• parm<n» « •«• iim*.
pPFP ! «vt«r mq WWIWQ ax 10 o^5^ CRAND STREET PARADE
DIAVOLO "Loops the Cap" on a bicycle, leaping head down-
ward a distance of fifteen feet
1NIINE DAYS, COMMENCING
SATURDAY, April 3O
ELEVENTH and MARKET STREETS.
admission - - li^r.:::::::::::::::::::::::::::!^
AMXJSEMENT3.
CALIFORNIA
X^OB EDWARD ACKERMAN, Lessee and Manager. HBBa^
¦I TO-NIGHT. §
I M SAM S. SHUBERT and NIXON & ZIMMERMAN present their sucessful ||
y MTTSICAL COMEDY NOVELTY, 9
Book br Harry B. Madison-Square Thea-
Smlth. author of "Rob- >«Vf\« ter Company Intact. «0
. „„ . .. Ar ,,.,. hv . B ¦ 8 » H r^ople. indudinK Beat-
S in Hood. Music b> fl- I | JH rlz Bronte, D. L. Don,
Victor Herbert, Max B^ 1 tyg H . Charles K. French,
Witt. Gustav Kerker Thomas Keogrh.
jj _ . ,. -:»; - .Charles-^Bower.
Cole and Johnson. . Charles S h e ff e r,
Georg* Norton. Lud- llJDlfl K A Clifford Lplgh, Chas.
Eng.ander Bald- |-l IJi 1 /^l gjntjg May.
win Sloane. VHU Ma- H B^ \_M JL M, beauty choru?, lnclud-
rlon Cook, Tobanl, Ker- ing 16 stunning show
rv Mills glrls - Also P° W€rful
r * '"' • I^T^fTTl double male quartet.
— — — DlAlC — — —
I *^* ' fl
fjjj CATCHIEST, BEIGHTEST OP ALL MUSICAL COMEDIES. g
Q e ¦ s— « f* the great — "Mary of Maryland." "Tho Sunflower and the Sun," 3
H r| I- n mf Pong; hits — "Bubbles." "The Dissipated Kitten," "When the Moon R
g lll_r-ll\ Comes O'er the Hill." "The Lovers' A^ B C." . W
H YOU'LL LOSE TOUB HEART TO THIS "OIEL T50M DIXIE." HCLAY, CENTER, • Kan./ April 23.— Milton
Vale, a email town . near . here, • In Cloud Coun
ty, was Bwem^by flre to-day.' Twenty build
iaes were destroyed, -
ST. LOUIS. . Mo.. April 23.— Charles Kratz.
former member oX the ¦ City Council, ¦ now un
der $40,000 bond to answer,. to an Indictment
charging ': him with t bribery-; while a ¦ Council
man, has re turned to St. . Lou in from Guadala ¦
Jara, Mexico. Kratz wit! appear to answer to
the charge of bribery asainst him. :
Timothy Killeen. a porter, was ar
rested yesterday morning by Police
men Brown and Nolan on a charge of
grand larceny. He" is accused of hav
ing stolon $27 from Neils Anderson, a
sailor, in a saloon on Second- street
Accused of Grand Larceny.
SACRAMENTO. April 23. — Word was re
ceived . at ¦ the • State Board; of Examiners this
afternoon _¦¦ that $51,000 worth of Merced
County bonds, which will net : the ' State about
4 per cent, have bren purchased..-
.T.H.B. Varney, the prominent ad
vertising man, ran down M. Newhouse
with his automobile last night on
Market street and injured Newhouse
so badly that he was v taken to the
Emergency Hospital tor treatment a
badly lacerated , scalp wound and a
numbeV; of bruises dressed and
the injured man sent to his home.
Varney was arrested on a charge." of
battery, but: released at once on cash
bail of $20, \ "
Run Down by Automobile.
• ST. LOUIS. Mo., April 23.— Rather than
face a term of twenty ¦ years In the peniten
tiary for criminal ' assault, Sylvester Beck, a
mulatto, lo-day killed himself . In the .City
Jail by leaping from the third cell tier to the
stone floor. • thirty fert below.
OAKLAND, April 23.— For the third
time Bertha Clausen to-day dismissed
a divorce action begun against Charles
E. Clausen for cruelty. A suit for di
v -ce was begun to-day by May S.
Ward against William T. Ward, whom
she charges with cruelty. Elizabeth
Meek has instituted divorce proceed
ings against Daniel T. Meek on the
ground of cruelty.
In the Divorce Court.
Marriage licenses.
OAKLAND, April 23.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the County Clerk to-day: Ncthan Mor
ri . 38, and Blanche Goldstein, 25,
loth of San Francisco; William Olney,
25, Oakland, and Minnie K. Wilson.
24. Berkeley; Walter R. Earl. 21. and
Carrie Saville, 18, both of Oakland;
Joseph M. Darncral. 21, Oakland, and
Mary Gonsclls. 18, Melrose; Walter
Dlackfor" 22, and Ethel Robinson,
20, both of San Jose; William D.
Ryder, over 21, and Marie L. White,
over IS, both of Oakland.
OAKLAND, April 23. — The churches
of Alameda County will give a Joint
'excursion outside the Golden Gate
next Saturday and the committee in
charge has chartered the steamer
Santa Rosa for the trip. The steamer
will leave Broadway wharf in San
Francisco at 1:30 p. m.
Arrangements for the excursion are
in charge of the executive committee
of 1904, which Is composed of the
Men's Sunday Club and the County
Christian Endeavor Society.
Policeman John Edwards met Frank
Williams yesterday afternoon on the
stairs leading to Edwards' room at 116
Leidesdorff street Williams was car
rying a shotgun which Edwards iden
tified . as his property. : Williams, Ed
wards claims, entered his: room and
stole the shotgun. Edwards ' arrested
Williams on a charge of burgla"ry.
Charged With Burglary.
STEAMER EXCURSION
OUTSIDE THE HEADS
Bay City Lodge. Knights of Pythias,
has elected Charles C. Morris, W.
Mensor and Joseph D. Abraras as del
egates, and R. Rosenberg, Max Seller
and L. R. Levy as alternates to the
Grand Lodge that ia to meet tn Ba
kersfleld next month. This lodge has
presented to Harry Kasper, its retir
ing master of the exchequer, a valu
able diamond pin in appreciation of
his services to the lodge during the
time he held office.
Election and Presentation.
OAKLAND, April 23.— Suit to col
lect a life insurance policy, for $2000
was begun to-day against the' Fra
ternal Brotherhood by Harry M.
Shack of Livermore. He alleges that
his father, Jans A. Shack, became a
member of the order in 1900 and paid
$4 76 monthly Into the order until his
death. Last December he died and it
13 alleged that the order has refused
to pay the policy.
Sues Brotherhood.
Charged With Burglary.
1 John Williams was arrested last
night on a charge of burglary. About
6 o'clock he broke into the boiler
shops of the Southern Pacific Com
pany at Mission Bay and stole a quan
tity of brass fittings. Williams con
fessed.
Literary RedtaL
Next Saturday evening Miss Try
phena Lilac Pritchard. a young elo
cutionist, will give a literary recital
in Stelnway Hall. The young lady
has arranged a most Interesting pro
gramme. The entertainment will be
followed by a dance. . .
SEATTLE. Wash., April 23.— A tele
gram from Nome received to-day says
that the Arctic Brotherhood : Hall,
which cost $25,000, has been partially
destroyed by fire and that the local
lodge of the order had-i subscribed $5000
to rebuild. Lodges of the order are
asked to subscribe.
Fire Destroys Nome Hall.
When the case of David de Costa,
charged with robbery. Was called In
Judge Dunne's court yesterday for ar
raignment his attorney asked for a
continuance, as an application for a
writ of habeas corpus for the pris
oner's release was before Judge Cook
for decision to-morrow. The Judge
granted a continuance till Tuesday,
but uttered a strong protest against
applications for writs being made in
other courts for the release of pris
oners assigned to his court A simi
lar request had been made to him on
Friday In the case of Alphonse Peter
son, the application for the writ being
also before Judge Cook. He thought
all applications should be made to the
presiding Judge and by him assigned
to the proper court '
Judsre Dunne Protests.
VANCOUVER. B. C, April 23.—
There is a shortage of Chinese } labor
in British Columbia, Owing to the
head tax of $500 none are coming into
the country and many Chinese labor
ers have gone into the Canadian North
west Territory.* the large number of
new 8ettler3 enabling, them to secure
high wages. The canneries, are -finding
great difficulty in obtaining Chinese to
perform the customary work during
thf approaching salmon season.
Head Tax of $500 Causes Laborers to
Go to Other Lo
calities.
SCARCITY OF CHINESE
IN BRITISH COLUMBIA
BERKELEY. April 23.— The varsity
crew that will represent the University
of California in the first intercollegiate
rowing races to be held upon Califor
nia waters on the 30th inst, has been
chosen by the Boating Association at
the university. The men will sit in
their boat in the following order: A.
S. Bunnell, stroke; G. J. Anloff, after
waist; E. A. Bannister, forwardwaist;
Edward Grindley, bow. Bunnell is
captain of the crew and J. B. White
the first substitute. Joseph Locb will
Fleer the craft for the oarsmen. This
crew will meet the varsity crews of
Stanford and Washington universi
ties. It Is Intended that only Califor
nia and Washington should compete
In this first trial of strength and skill
on the water, but Stanford has a var
sity crew and as three struggling
efews look prettier than two it was
desired to make it a three-cornered
nfiair.
Berkeley's Boat Crew.
Sixty members of the Theta Delta
Chi Fraternity gathered last night at
a downtown restaurant to celebrate the
establishment of their fraternity upon
this coast. After discussing a delight
ful menu, flavored with college and
fraternity songs and yells, the toast
master, Shirley C. Walker, introduced
the following speakers: Walter A.
Crossman, Howard T. Wayne, Emory
C. Brace. Robert H. Gaither, C. Claude
Kern, Henry T. Beckwith. T. Burt
Crane, Dr. John P. Clark, St John E.
McCormick and George W. Haight
Special features of the evening were
renditions by the University of Cali
fornia Quartet and several Stanford
University soloists. In addition to the
delegations from' the two local.chap
ters there were representatives from
Harvard", Cornell, Columbia, Roches
ter, Dartmouth, Brown, Wisconsin,
Minnesota 'and Michigan. The Theta
Delta Chi fraternity, which was found
ed in 1S47, is distinctly national in
scope and conservative in policy, ita
twenty-three charges or chapters are
in representative universities and col
leges from Bowdoin in Maine to the
University of California, from McGill
in Montreal to William and Mary In
Virginia. The University of Califor
nia charge was established April 28,
1900, and the Stanford charge April
25, 1903.
Theta Delta Chi Banquet.
PORTLAND, Or., April 23. — Judge
Bellinger - of the United States court
has overruled the demurrer to the in
dictment of Charles B. Cunningham
and others of Pendleton, Or., charged
with conspiracy to defraud the Gov
ernment of lands in Eastern Oregon.
The case, with others of its nature,
will be tried before the trial jury of
the United States, court, after May 4,
according to the present plan of Uni
ted States District Attorney John Hall.
United States Court Overrules Demur
rer in Cunningham Con
spiracy Charge.
FRAUD CASE MUST
BE TRIED ON MERITS
Special efforts have been made in
the point of scenic and decorative ap
pointments and James Neill is show
ing his usual courage in staging this
production.
OAKLAND. April 23. — The attrac
tion at Ye Liberty Theater next week
is to be "A Parisian Romance," pre
sented by the Neill company for the
first time to an Oakland audience.
The play is produced by a special ar
rangement with Richard Mansfield.
There, is hardly another play so well
known.
The James Nelll Company Will Pro
duce This Well Known Play
During the Week.
"A PARISIAN ROMANCE**
AT YE LIBERTY THEATER
StVAlban's Sunday school will hold
a special memorial service this after
aoon''sit 2 o'clock" at Golden Gate HalU
At the 11 o'clock mass this morning
at the Paulist Church Rev. Henry I.
Stark will preach. After vespers in
the evening -Rev. Henry H. Wymann
will - deliver the : sermon. ?
At the 10:30 o'clock mass 'this
morning in St Ignatius Church Rev.
John Sard! will: deliver the discourse!
In the evening there will be solemn
vespers and solemn benediction. The
sermon will be by the Rev. Joseph
Sasia. .,
The closing illustrated address of
the series that have, been given by
General Secretary, H. J. McCoy at the
Young Men's Christian Association
will take place; this; afternoon at 3
o'clock in the association auditorium.
It will be an illustrated talk on "The
Young Man and the- Growth of the
Kingdom." The talk will be Illustrat
ed by over 100 views thrown upon the
screen by. means of . the " stereopticon.
Therel will be a . special ; musical pro
gramme in "connection with the ser
vices. ' .
The regular monthly festival ser
vices will be held in St Luke's Church
this evening at 7:45 o'clock. . The
choir "will be assisted .by St Luke's
auxiliary choir under the. direction of
W. A. Sabin.
The Gentlemen's Sodality of Holy
Cross parish will go to holy commun
ion in a body this morning at the 7
o'clock mass.
The following musical programme
will be given this evening at Cente
nary Church. 1717 Bush street:
Doxology, No. 919; anthem, "He
Shall Lead His Flock (E. O. Excell),
choir; prayer. Dr. W. C. Montgomery;
solo (contralto), "My God and Father
While I Stray" (G. W. Masten), Miss
Anna McLea; octet, selected, male
voices; hymn, No. 665, congregation;
solo (tenor), selected, A. C. Brown;
solo (soprano), selected. Miss Elvira
Shuck; solo (barytone), "Oro Pro
Nobis," selected. Professor D. Gomer
Richards; address, "Sacred Music,"
Rev. Rufus E. Nunn, Ph. B.; anthem,
"Incline Ear, O Lord" (Hlm
mel), David Lewis and choir; solo
(contralto) "Evening Prayer," select
ed, Mrs. George Stump; hymn, No.
917, congregation; solo (tenor), "The
Lord Is My Shepherd" (LIddle), Pro
fessor David Manlloyd; quartet, se
lected, male voices; solo, selected.
Miss Bessie Price; anthem. "Lift Up
Your Heads. O Ye Gates" (W. A. Og
den), choir; solo (contralto), "O Rest
in the Lord," from "Elijah" (Mendels
sohn), Miss Anna I.IcLea; hymn, "God
Be With You Till We Meet Again."
No. 918, congregation; accompanists.
Miss Wildredge Adams and Professor
William Baer.
Bishop Funston .of Boise, Idaho, will
preach in St Paul's Church this morn
ing. . ¦ ;v:^;-.:i ; : k -/-v ;;_•¦, ~ .
Many Beautiful Numbers Selected.
Bishop Funston of Boise, Idaho,
Will Preach This Morning:.
CENTENARY CHURCH TO GIVE
SACRED MUSICAL PROGRAMME
Overture to "Monsieur Choufleurl"
(Offenbach); quartet from "Rigoletto"
(Verdi); Pizzicato Polka (Strauss);
Funeral March (Chopin); Serenade
(Tittl); flute solo by J. B. White *04;
Pilgrims* Chorus from "I Lombard!"
(Verdi).
In order to prevent the annoyance
that accompanies the moving about of
spectators changing their seats and
leaving the theater, the management of
the concert has decided to close the
gates during the performance. "; • "
The United States Minister at The
Hague has forwarded to the university
a copy of the royal order of the Queen
of the Netherlands whereby the degree
of bachelor of arts of the following
universities In the United States Is rec
ognized as admitting the holder there
of to pursue his studies at any of the
universities of the Netherlands: Uni
versity of California, Harvard, Yale,
Catholic University of America, Chi
cago, Clark. Columbia, Cornell, Johns
Hopkins, Stanford, Michigan, Pennsyl
vania, Princeton and Wisconsin.
The Right Rev. Charles Henry Fowl
er, Bishop of the Methodist Episcopal
diocese, of Buffalo, New * York, will
preach the baccalaureate sermon to the
class of '04 on Sunday afternoon. May
15. probably in the Greek Theater.
Bishop Fowler is coming as a delegate
to the missionary convention of the
Methodist church, which Is to be held
In San Francisco from April 28 to May
1. While in California he will also at
tend the General Convention of the
Methodist church, which will meet In
Los Angeles throughout the month of
May. '
Augustus C. Keane has been elected
editor of the Occident to succeed Hart
Greensfelder, whose term will expire
with this semester. W. H. Murray was
elected manager for the publication;
Harry Dehm, president of the Occident
Publishing Company; Miss Katherlne
Hershey. vice president; Miss Virginia
Whitehead, secretary, and Joseph Ko
ford, treasurer.
The Choral Society elected the fol
lowing new officers at its meeting
Wednesday evening: President Miss
Amelia Sellander '05; treasurer. Miss
Margaret Wythe '07; secretary. Miss
Edith Barrows "07.
BERKELEY, April 23.— The music at
the half-hour of music in the Greek
Theater to-morrow afternoon, begin
ning at 5 o'clock, will be furnished by
the university orchestra of thirty
pieces. A delightful programme has
been arranged for the occasion, as fol
lows:
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
WASHINGTON, April 23. — The
Northern Commercial Company of San
Francisco has been awarded the con
tract for carrying the mail by steamer
from Nulato, on the Yukon River,
Alaska, to Bettles, on the Koyukuk
River, a distance of 543 mile . for $300
a round trip. The company Is to make
annually not less than two nor more
than four trips while navigation is
open. The same company has also
been awarded the contract to carry
the mails from Tanana to Fairbanks,
a distance of 275 miles, for $100 a
round trip.
Army orders — First Class Privates
Joseph K. Moore, Frank Gathers and
Horace E. Hull, Signal Corps, Benicia
Barracks, will be sent to Fort Liscum,
Alaska; Private Charles Connors, who
deserted July 18, 1901, from Company
H, Twenty-eighth Infantry, and was
apprehended March 13, 1904, while
serving in Company D, Tenth Infantry,
at the Presidio, under the name of
Charles Kelly, and who has been held
to service in that company without
trial for fraudulent enlistment, will be
discharged without honor from Com
pany H, Twenty-eighth Infantry, by
reason of his desertion, by the com
manding officer of the Presidio; First
Lieutenant James E. Abbott recently
promoted from second lieutenant,
Twelfth Cavalry, is assigned to the
Sixth Cavalry and will proceed to San
Francisco and report by telegraph
from that city to the commanding of
ficer of the Sixth Cavalry for assign
ment to a troop; Captain Charles S.
Wallace, Signal Corps, upon arrival at
Seattle. In compliance with his orders,
will report to Lieutenant Colonel
James Allan, Signal Corps, officer in
charge, for duty in connection with the
installation of the Alaskan cable.
Navy orders — Lieutenant Com
mander F. W. Bartlett is detached
from duty in connection with the Ohio
•at the Union Iron Works and ordered
home on three months' sick leave;
Lieutenant S. S. Williams is detached
from treatment at the naval hospital,
Mare Island, and given three months'
sick leave at home; Lieutenant B. F.
Hutchinson Is detached from treat
ment at th- naval hospital
Mare Island, , and . ' ordered home
on three months' sick leave;
Lieutenant L. H. Chandler is detached
from the command of the first tor
pedo-boat flotilla and ordered to duty
as assistant to the naval attache at
Tokio, Japan.
James K. Wilson of San Francisco
is at the Ebbltt House.
Awarded Two Mall Contracts.
Army and Navy Officers.
Northern Commercial Company Is
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Another meeting will be held next
Tuesday evening at the Town and
Gown-Club, when the question of ways
and means will be considered further.
The women of Berkeley are going to
undertake the furnishing of the ju
venile room of the Carnegie Library.
They are not only going to undertake
the enterprise, but they stand commit
ted to the task of really accomplish
ing it, and there will be no backing
out It will cost $2500 to do the work,
but that big sum does not frighten the
ladles a bit, and they will not let up
until they get it all.
The first step toward securing this
sum was taken this afternoon, when a
number of women met at the Town
and Gown Club. Mrs. Frank M. Wil
son, president of the club, called the
meeting to order, and after Mrs. Julia
Sanborn had been elected chairman the
ladies got down to work. First, they
found out the approximate cost of the
work, and then they talked about the
various ways of gathering the money.
It was finally decided that the -best
way was to appoint a ways and means
committee to plan a campaign, and
the chairman appointed the following
named -committee: Mrs. Frank M.
Wilson, Mrs. Joseph Le Conte, School
Superintendent S. D. Waterman, Mrs.
Woodson Allen, Mrs. A. L. Breck, Mrs.
Leon Richardson, Mrs. Waterman, Mrs.
Carlisle, Mrs. Noyes, Charles Keeler,
Victor Robertson, J. W. Richards, Miss
Lombard, Allen G. Freeman, Mrs. Ran
dall Mrs. J. A. Robinson, C. L. Bieden
bach, Thomas Rickard and Mrs. San
born. ?
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, April 23.
Undertake the Task of Fur
nishing Eoom for Children
in New Carnegie Library
WOMEN TO HELP
THE JUVENILES
The general scheme of school im
provement calls for the expenditure of
$1,210,000. Of this amount $250,000
is to be spent on the building of a new
polytechnic high school. This sum,
however, could not be submitted un
der the district plan adopted by the
board and will be submitted separate
ly a little later at a bond election
called by the City Council for the gen
eral improvement of the city.
A unique feature of the election to
day was the interest taken by the
school children. At every schoolhouse
where the voting was taking place
they gathered in numbers and, wear
ing red badges, formed themselves
into general electioneering commit
tees to urge the approaching voter to
cast his ballot for the bonds. The
children of the city have realized
probably more than any one else the
need for new buildings. The subject
of room is one that has constantly
confronted Superintendent McCly
monds and the Board of Education.
Makeshift buildings have been erect
ed and basements finished off in order
to accommodate the pupils. Every
school is crowded and overrun and
the question of new buildings is a ne
cessity.
The polling places were at the twen
ty-one schoolhouses of the city.
The question of bonding the city for
the 1 purpose of building new school
houj»es« and generally improving the
cchool system of the city is one that
the present Board of Education has
made its special object during the
present term. Superintendent Mc-
Clymonds. in speaking on the subject
said to-night: "We are all very much
pleased and gratified. It has been
something that the board has been
deeply Interested in and worked hard
to have carried."
But two precincts in the city failed
to carry the proposition. In the Per
altaiannex but eight votes were cast
and three of these were aeainst the
bonds and five for them. As it needed
a two-thirds vote to carry the elec
tion this district as a unit failed to
carry the question. The other district
is the Harrison School district in
which 129 votes v/ere cast for the
bonds and 71 against This was less
than the required tv.o-thirds.
The school bond election held here
to-day resulted in a victory for those
in favor of the bonds and the propo
sition to spend $900,000 for the im
provement of the schools of the city
was carried by a vote of 3329 for to
C2u apainst. or a little more than five
to one. While the vote was light the
•question was one that generally inter
ested the city and much satisfaction
is expressed to-night at the result of
the election.
.Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Ills Broadway. April 23.
Thursday the ladies of the city not
members of the Companions of the
Forest of America, the auxiliary branch
of the order, will hold open house for
the visitors and serve refreshments,
and in the evening there will be a ball
in Armory Hall.
Friday night there will be a banquet
for about 500 people. There will be
present all of the city officials, many of
those of the county and a number of
other prominent citizens and ladles.
By Friday night the Grand Court will
have concluded its business, and on the
following day those who decide to stay
over will be the guests of the citizens.
Everything On wheels in the city and
for miles around will be pressed into
service for the purpose of driving the
visitors over the country and showing
them all that there is of interest
On the executive committee having
charge of the arrangements are: Wil
liam Abbott, C. F. Flemming and A.
M. Fredericks, with J. F. Johnston as
secretary.
The California Grand Court of the
Foresters of America will hold its an
nual session this year in Hanford, be
ginning Wednesday, May 3, when there
will be in attendance 298 delegates, fif
teen grand officers and about ten past
grands. These will represent a little
more than 23,000 members of the order
in the State. More than 6000 of these
are in San Francisco, distributed in
forty-four courts.
Extensive arrangements have been
made by the citizens' of the place for
the entertainment of the Foresters dur
ing their stay. This in addition to
what Court Mussel Slough, located
there, has arranged. The members of
that court number llS, and have or
ganized themselves into a general re
ception and entertainment committee.
With the citizens, they propose to have
the visiting members gain a good im
pression of the Hanfordites and of the
city. The programme for the week in
cludes the following:
Monday, May 2, the main body of
delegates and grand officers will reach
Hanford from north 6f that place, and
will be met at the depot by the recep
tion committee of 150, led by a regi
mental band, and will be escorted from
the special train to the hotels and other
places in which accommodations have
been secured for them. The following
morning specials will arrive bringing
members of the order from Tulare,
Visalia, Porterville, Fresno, Selma,
Raymond and Merced.
On Tuesday the Grand Court will be
opened with the usual ceremonies at 10
o'clock In the forenoon, and In the aft
ernoon there will be a grand street pa
rade, the 'members of ; the visiting
courts wearing uniforms. Those from
Fresno have decided to wear plug hats
and long linen dusters in order to dis
tinguish them from the other Foresters.
The procession will halt at Agricultural
Park. In the pavilion there will be an
address of welcome by Mayor Widmer
and a resDonse by Grand Chief H. A.
Gabriel of San Jose, and literary ex
ercises. In the evening there will be an
open-air concert
Wednesday the entertainment com
mittee will have an athletic day at the
park, and in the evening there will be
music in the public city park and a
ball. 'vV4-
Patrick J. Reardon was sentenced to
serve three years in San Quentin by
Judge Dunne on a charge of grand
larceny. He stole a diamond ring,
valued at $600, from his sister-in-law,
Mrs. Myrtle Julien, 209 Turk street on
February 3.
" Ah Lim was sentenced to serve one
year in San Quentin by Judge Dunne
on a charge of burglary. He entered
the residence of George McGiUvray,
1300 Leavenworth street, on Decem
ber 22.
George Arristide was sentenced to
serve five years in Folsom penitentiary
by Judge Lawlor on a charge of bur
glary. He broke into the warehouse
of W. B. Sanborn, 103 Vallejo street
and pleaded guilty on May 5, 1902.
Owing to hia youth the Judge sus
pended sentence on his promise that
he would behave himself. • He has not
done so.
A number of prisoners appeared for
sentence in the courts of Judges Law
lor and Dunne yesterday. With them
and those to be arraigned and to plead
there were thirty-six altogether. Judge
Cook's court waB closed and If his
quota had been brought from the
County Jail there would have been
more than fifty prisoners.
Nicola Crudo, who was convicted by
a jury of murder in the first degree
with the penalty of imprisonment for
life, was formally sentenced by Judge
Lawlor after motions for a new trial
and arrest of Judgment had been de
nied. The place of confinement Is
San Quentin. Crudo shot and killed
Prospero Migalo* a bootblack, at Green
and Dupont streets on the night of
November 8 during a quarrel about a
bootblack stand.
Joseph Feld, ex-policeman, was to
have been sentenced by Judge Dunne
yesterday for murder in the first de
gree for shooting and killing his
father-in-law, Fritz Dirking, but his
attorney, W. H. Alford, offered a mo
tion for a new trial on statutory
grounds and asked for a continuance
for a month to examine authorities
and prepare for the argument The
Judge said he would continue the case
for two weeks, when the motion could
be submitted, argued and the .matter
finally disposed of.
lienry Hamilton and Thomas Mur
phy, convicted of an attempt to com
mit burglary at the rooms of Mrs.
Annie Gray, 112 Taylor street on Feb
ruary 12, were each sentenced by
Judge Lawlor to serve two and a half
years the former in San'. Quentin and
t!:e latter in Folsom penitentiary.
"I believe Parker will be the Demo
cratic nominee, but there Is really no
use of his being put up, for Roosevelt
will sweep the country. If Parker re
ceives the nomination there will be a
certain element of Wall street that will
back him because they know he could
be handled if by a slip he should bo
elected. The same element will op
pose Roosevelt because he cannot be
handled."
"Whom do you think will be the Re
publican nominee for Vice President?"
was asked.
"Fairbanks of Indiana. I know of
no more popular man for the place and
I think he will be elected. He has
been spoken of by men I have met
from all over the country and with
such favor that there is little doubt
of his being the choice for Roosevelt's
running mate.
"I have been in politics for twenty
eight years and know how the Ger
man vote stands. It will be solidly
Republican, for they all remember th%
hard times of Cleveland's administra
tions and will have no more of it
"When a man- begins to feel well
after being sick and likes to take an
interest in politics, as I do, he is anx
ious to get home, and that is my fix.
This is my first trip to California and
I have enjoyed it very much. I hav»
learned from your people that they
are going to roll up a good majority
for the Republican ticket in Novem
ber."
"There are good m*>n In the Demo
cratic party. They are good Ameri
cans and they can't stand Hearst Illi
nois, expects to have a Democratic can
didate of her own in the person of
Congressman J. R. Williams, who has
been repeatedly elected from a Repub
lican district He is a different class
of Democrat from Hearst and is looked
upon • with favor by . Carter Harrison
and other leading men of his party.
No, Hearst will not have any of th*
delegates from Illinois.
PARKER THE DEMOCRAT.
"No man can beat Roosevelt I can
say that with considerable knowledge
of conditions cot only in my own State,
but from facts gathered during my
trip. In Southern California I met peo
ple from s.U over the United States.
I talked politics with hundreds of them
and there is but one conclusion to be
drawn. Roosevelt will " be elected with
the largest vote ever given any Presi
dent
"Illinois will roll up a Republican
majority of at least 100,000, no matter
who the Democrats nominate. Our
State is solidly Republican and many
Democrats are going to vote for Roose
velt." •.•;!
"How do the Democrats of Illinois
view Hearst as a candidate?" was
asked.
CANT BEAT ROOSEVELT.
Henry Alexander, one of the most
prominent stockmen of Illinois and the
man who practically controls the Ger
man vote of the upper portion of the
State, is in this city, accompanied by
Mrs. Alexander and his daughter.
Mr. Alexander is a stanch Republi
can. He came to the coast several
months ago for his health, but during
his absence from home has been elected
a delegate to the Republican State Con
vention, which meets in Springfield
May 12, to nominate a State ticket,
delegates to the national convention
and Presidential Electors. That ha»
been the custom for years and the Ger
mans for miles around Joliet would
not consider themselves properly rep
resented if Mr. Alexander were not a
delegate.
At present Mr. Alexander is stop
ping at the Palace, having arrived from
Ocean Park yesterday. He will leave
for Los Angeles on Wednesday, as he
is anxious to be home by May 1. When
asked for his opinion on the political
situation as he knows it and has heard
he said:
Jeffries met his bride in New York
City four years ago and saw more or
less of her each time he visited the
metropolis. The last time he went there
he was constantly in her society, and
when he left her it was with the under
standing that she would follow him
out to California, which she did.
Jeffries always had a warm spot in
his heart for Oakland, which was the
scene of his training for his first cham
pionship fight, and from which time
his star eteadlly arose until he
reached the zenith of his fame. Eugene
Van Court was one of the friends he
made when training at the Reliance
Club, and to whom he appealed to see
to the necessary arrangements for his
marriage.
Little is known here of the antece
dents of Miss Mayer, who, it is said,
has lived all her life in New York City.
OAKLAND, April 23.— James J. Jef
fries, champion fighter of the world,
has fallen a victim to Cupid's darts
and was married here this evening to
a New York girl by the name of Frieda
Mayer, who, by arrangement, came to
California two weeks ago. Yesterday
Jeffries telephoned Eugene Van Court
to make necessary arrangements for
the marriage licence and the perform
ance of the ceremony, and at 8 o'clock
this evening Van Court and Deputy
County Clerk Glover repaired to the
County Clerk's office, where the license
was issued. The bridal party, consist
ing of Jeffries, Miss Mayer, Billy De
laney and a Mrs. Ackerman, repaired
to the office of Justice of the Peace
Mortimer Smith, on Broadway, where
the two were quickly made one.
The big fighter seemed in the best of
spirits and was a striking contrast to
his petite bride, who is but five feet
two inches tall and weighs but 132
pounds. Jeffries la over six feet tall
and weighs 230 pounds. They will pass
their honeymoon at Harbin Springs.
Mrs. Jeffries is a striking brunette
with dark eyes and hair and acknowl
edges to 29 summers, and is just three
weeks younger than her big husband.
Hatless and coatless, Archie Jef
ferey, a patient in the Receiving Hos
pital, left that institution some time
during the night unknown to the at
tendants, and it is feared that he has
committed suicide by jumping into the
bay. He attempted suicide some time
yesterday by cutting his throat. Along
toward evening he went to the hos
pital for treatment He had inflicted
a wound In the left side of the neck,
but missed the jugular vein, and a lit
tle court plaster and a bandage served
for a dressing.
When the attendants made their
rounds this morning after an unusually
quiet night they found Jefferey's cot
empty. He had partially dressed him
self, but had neglected to take either
hat or coat, and Steward Borchert
fears the man got up in the night and
carried out his idea of self-destruction.
There were no serious cases in the
hospital last night that required the
attention of nurses, and nothing dis
turbed the slumbers of the attendants
through the night There had been no
attempt to restrain the patient, who
went of his own accord to the hospital,
and had been given some supper and
a bed. Why he should have left In
the way he did is puzzling those in
charge of the place.
He would say nothing about himself,
but in one of his pockets was found a
union card showing that he was a
member of the Cooks' and Waiters*
Union. It is not known at what time
he left, and no one has been found that
seen him go. It is feared he went to
the foot of Broadway, a few blocks
away, and jumped into the bay.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 23.
Local Court and Citizens Ar
range Programme of Fes
tivities for the Strangers
Five Other Prisoners Con
victed of Grand • Larceny
and Burglary Punished
Pupils Take Active Inter
est and Spend the Day in
Effective Electioneering
Says His State Will Have
Democratic Candidate for
Presidential Nomination
Attendants Believe* That He
Jumped Into the Bay at
the Foot of Broadway
Charming and Winsome Girl
Comes All the Way From
New York to Claim Boxer
PKEPAEE TO ENTERTAIN
FELD GAINS MOEE TIMTL
FEAE THAT HE IS DEAD
CONTROLS GERMAN VOTE
Grand Court Delegates of
American Order of Forest
ers to Meet in That City
Nicola Crudo, Murderer, to
Spend Kemaining Years of
His Life in San Quentin
Archie Jefferey, Would-Be
Suicide, Quits Cot During
Night and Disappears
RELATIVES AT WEDDING
World's Champion Pugilist
Is United in Marriage to
Frieda Maver at Oakland
Henry Alexander of Illinois
Enjoys National Issues
and Is Stanch Partisan
LIGHT VOTE REGISTERED
People of Bay City Decide
to Spend $960,000 for the
Improvement of Schools
OFFICERS WILL
VISIT HANFORD
GETS PLEASURE
FROM POLITICS
OAKLAND HOLDS
BOND ELECTION
FATIENT FLEES
FROM HOSPITAL
JAMES JEFFRIES
TAKES A BRIDE
FELONS APPEAR
FOR SENTENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1904.
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
SAN JOSE, April 24.— A masked rob
ber entered the Del Monte Club on Finst
street near Santa Clara this morning
shortly after 1 o'clock and held up half
a dozen men who were in the lounging
room. The bandit lined up his victims
against the wall, and after taking a
5900 ring from William George, robbed
the till of $500. •
The robber was armed with two re
volvers. The. mask was a red bandana
handkerchief. As he left the building,
backing out with pistols leveled, the
proprietor hurried after him and flred
several shots. The robber ran across
the street and was pursued by a police
man. Other policemen were soon at the
scene and nearly twenty shots were
flred by the robber and his pursuers.
The bandit made his escape into a lum
ber yard and had not been captured at
3 o'clock this morning.
MASKED MAN
FIGHTS DUEL
WITH POLICE
40
You Will Find Our
CLASSIFIED COLUMNS
A Ready Reference When .You
Need an ATTORNEY OR
DENTIST.
HIGHEST Professional Skill
and Reasonable Rates.'
GREAT MAY DAY NUMBER.
A Story That WIU Bring Both
Laughter and Tears Is
Bliss Deborah's Garden Toads,
By liliza Orae White
NEXT SUXDA1' CALL.Potatoes closed the week steady. 'i with of
ferings , firmly, held ; by. the ¦ few dealers .who
control the marlftt. . Sales of . the beat - table
kinds - were readily • effected • at - top '- rates . and
occasional : lots - of river -Burbanks continued to
command a small premium. The steamer due
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Money— U S Steel J0%
Call loans 2%©3% Do pfd r*j4fc
Time loans ...3%tM% Westing Common. 72%
Bonds— Mining—
Atcbifon 4s C9?4 Adventure 2
Do adj 4s 90% Allouez ;.." 4%
Mer Cent 4s 65 Amal Copper .... 49^4
RaJlroads — Amer Zinc 10%
Atchlnon 73% Atlantic 8
Do pfd ®3% Blngham ........ 21%
Boeton & Albanr.250 JCalumct A Hecla.465 .
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
There la no further change in any descrip
tion.'- ¦¦• .-¦-;•'-¦•¦¦' ¦"* ¦•"-i :-"-¦'• :-••¦' ¦¦'¦"¦¦ "-;¦ •
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and ; brands sell
about «A@lc under Quotations. Heavy Salted
i?tter«, "«%c; '¦¦ medium, ; 8%c; - light; 8c; : Cow
Hides. • 8c for • heavy and 1 8c for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip, 9c: J Salted ; Veal. -10c: Salted
Calf.- lie.; dry Hides. 16c; ; dry Kip, 13c; dry
Calf, lSci SheepBkins,. shearlings.. 25®30c oach;
short Wool. 40@e3c each; medium, 70©D0c: long
Wool. < $1@1 50: Horse Hides. - salt, • $2 76 ¦ for
large and $2112 5fl for medium,' $1'25@1 75 for
¦mall and 50c for Colts. ¦• Horse •' Hides, - dry.
$1 75 for large and $1 SO for medium. $1@1 25
for small and 50c ' for ¦ Colts. ' Buck i Skins — Dry
Mexican,* 31c;'; dry "Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
The, week closed quietly, with no change in
any description. •_^' " ¦.'.,••.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 35^2 50; Pea. |3@3 25;
Butters, $3 50@3 75; small White, " $3^:1.15;
large White. $2 6502 75; Pink, $3 30©3 45;
Red, $4 50; Lima. $3 25@3 30: Red* Kidneys.'
$4 60@5: Blackeye.,$2 15@2 25 per-fltl; Boras
Beans. $2®2 50. "- ¦¦¦¦•¦.:.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard , $3 75@4; Yellow
Mustnrd $303 25; Flax. ¦ $1 80@l' 90; Canary,
5%«35%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, 14%@16c; Rape,
l?4@2c; Timothy, G@6%c;: Hemp.. 3%@4c. per
lb; Millet. 3®3%c;: Broom Corn Seed. , $20@21
per ton '. <-¦-- " . • .;
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; Nllea,
$3 25: Green. $3@3 25. . -
Beans and Seeds.
EASTERN MAEKETS.
New York Money Market.
N13W YORK. April 3. — Close — Money on call
was nominal; no loans. Time loans were easy.
Klxtjr days, 2\k per cent; ninety days, 2% per
cent; «rtx months, 3%«g39l per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 4@4% per cent. Sterling
exchange wu (lightly easier, with actual
business la bankers' bills at $4 67.25(84 87.30
for demand and at $4 K3.25S4 85.30 for sixty
day bills. Pontra rates, $4 86 nnd $4 I*S@
4 8S%. Commercial bills, ?4 84>£&4 85. Bar
Dull trade and large supplies have caused
dealers to reduce prices all-around. Hams
are marked .down %c, Bacon > %c, pure Lard
%c and comppund Lard %c. This is the most
sweeping decline for a long time. The West
ern markets are In no better shape, being
weak with heavy stock.
CURED MEATS — Bacon. 10c per lb for
heavy. 10%e for light medium. 12%c for light,
14c for extra light and"14%@15c for sugar
cured* Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%c; Cali
fornia Hams, j ll%@12c; Mess Beef, $10 50®>
11 per bbl: "extra Mess, $11 60® 12; Family,
$12 50(313; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$24; Mess. $18: Dry Salted Pork; 10%c; Pig
Pork. , $27: Pigs* Feet. $5: Smoked Beef. 14o
per-lb. ¦ . - , : < \- , . - .¦¦ -: .¦¦-..¦¦-¦¦ ... ., .-
LARD— Tierces r quoted /at 6%c. per lb . for
compound and 8%c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
8%c; 10-lb tins, 9%c; 5-lb tins, 9%c; 3-lb tins;
9%C. ¦•"-'•.¦'' ."¦--*•¦'.¦¦" ¦ ¦;¦- ' ' • ¦ •
COTTOLENE— One " half barrel. 8%c; three
half barrels, H^^c; one. tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8%c; nve. tierces. 8%c per lb.
Provisions.
As Intimated In this column yesterday. Bran
Shorts and Middlings were advanced. They
are all very firm, with light supplies and a
keen demand. There is no change In Hay.
Receipts were larger again yesterday, being
720 tons.
BRAN — $20 50@21 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $27@29 per ton.
SHORTS — $20 50(32150 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $23 60@25 per
ton-- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 50@3l;
jobbing. $32; Cocoanut Cake, $22©23; Corn
Meal $30 50®3150; Cracked Corn. $31 ©:12:
Mixed Feed. $21«?22: Horse Beans, $309
40 per' ton; Broom Corn Feed, 90c per ctl. '.•¦•.-
HAY— Wheat, $13@10; Wheat and Oat, $13®
15: Oat, $11 60@15; Barley. $11@13; Stock,
$I0@12; Alfalta, $10012 60 per ton.
STRAW— 60®75e per bale.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras $4 80©
5 10 usual terms; Bakers' Extras $4 70©5;
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 SO per 100 Ibs-
Rye Flour. $3 50: Rye Meal. $.T 25: Rice Flour
$"• Corn Meal. $3 50; extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25; Buck
wheat Flour. $4 60@4 75: Cracked Wheat $i:
Farina $4 00: Whole Wheat Flour,: $3 75;
Rolled Oats, bbls, $7 25@8 60; in sacks, $6 75fl
R 10- Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes. S7;
Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
<I20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. April 23—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
• «ia»e, ac compared with those of name date last
season, and rainlall In last twenty-four hours.
Last This Latt
Stations — 24 hours, season, sesnon
T^jreka 0.12 fil.2» 50.02
Red Biuff 0.00 30.30 23.15
Sacramento 0.00 16.53 16. C2
f-ari Francisco 0.00 19.91 18.28
Kresno O.O0 7.0ft S.2O
Independence 0.0<i 2.K7 2.34
San Luii Oblspo O.O0 15.71 18.49
Urn Angeles 0.00 8.53 19.23
f-an Diego 0.00 4.20 11.52
THE COAST RECORD.
3 SS *E -J *5 3
3 Hg S3 s:2 £» g
STATIONS. I |||| |g I? §
: f I '¦ ¦ §
Baker* 30.14 44 32^ NW r-joudy Too
30.14 48 24 FE Ft. Cldy .CO
Cureka 30.26 54 42 £W Cloudy .00
Fresno .10. 1« 64 40 NW Cl"ar .00
P.E. rarallon.30.23 54 4S N'W Clear .00
Flagstaff 29. K2 48 34 W Clear .00
Pocateilo ."0.O4 40 34 SW Cloudy .04
Independence .30.02 56 S4 N Clear .00
I^>* Angeles.. 30. 06 68 48 SW Clear .00
MS Tairsalpats.30.28 49 45 N Pt.CHy .00
North Head 40
Phoenix 29. K4 74 4R SW n»ar .00
Point Reyes. .30.21 TA 45 NW Clear 00
Portland 30.12 54 34 fff Rain .03
R»d Bluff SO. 22 60 40 BE Pt.CliJy .Off
Roteburg 30.18 30 34 SW OoUdy .00
Sacramento ..30.22 Cf* 42 FW Clear .00
Halt Lake 2^.08 42 42 N Rain .30
San FrancUco.30.20 W5 46 W Pt.Cidy .00
fitn L.Obii»po.20.l4 60 42 W Clear .00
San Diego ...:».0«l «2 50 NW Clear .00
Seattle 30.0$ M S4 SK Cloudy Tr.
Spokane 30.34 52 S«3 FW Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 29-HS T>0 40 SE Rain , .12
Walla Walla.. 30. 12 5ft X* S Clear .00
Winnemucca .30.16 40 24 NW near Tr.
Vuma 29. JH 76 &4 NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Cloudy weather prevails over the northern
portion of the Pacific tlope and fair weather
ever the southern. LUrht rain has fallen over
Washington, Oregon, Idaho and Utah.
The pressure has risen rapidly over the
* rlateau region and fallen along the Washington
coast.
The temperature ha« risen o\ - er the Pacific
¦¦ :ui-e and fallen over the Rocky Mountain
region.
A wind of thirty mile* per hour from the
southwest 1* reported at Los Angeles.
Forecast made at Ss.n Francisco for thirty
r.oum ending midnight, April 24:
Northern California — Fair Sunday, except
»-h«-.wers on the extj-eme northern coast;
v. artner; fresh northwest wind.
Southern Califcmia — Fair Sunday; fresh west
wind.
Nevada — Fair: ¦warmer Sunday.
Kan Francisco and vicinity — Fair; wanner
Sunda) ; fresh northwest m-lnd.
O. H. WILLSON.
Loc&l Forecaster, temporarily in charge.
CHICAGO. April 23.— Cash quotations wcra
as follows: Flour, dull and weak;, winter pat
ents, $4 70®4 SO; straights. $4&4 80; spring
patents, $4 30@4 60: straights, ¦ $3 00&4 10;
bakers, $2 6003 30; No. spring ¦ wheat. : 85»91c;
No. 3, 85690; No. 2 red, 96®97c; No.»2 corn,
4otf@48Hc; No. 2 yellow, 49*i©00c;* No. l!
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, April 23. — The excellent weather
in the Southwest caus-'d an extremely weak
opening in wheat, the May option being down
l%c to 2?»c at 86c to 87%c July was off
%&%c to %c at S3%c ta 84c. Almost every
one who had any long wheat appeared anxious
to t.ell. The greatest pressure was in May.
An effort to liquidate holdings in that de
livery started free sellLng of the more, dis
tant futures, rteulting in still further losses.
May 60i« off to &5*»c and July to OSVic. The
decline was Intensified by weakness in all out-
Fide markets. On the break shorts began 1 to
cover and offerings were absorbed eo rapidly
that a fair recovery was made. May showed
the ereattst advance, the price soon reaching
the opening figure. Prices fluctuated nerv-jus
ly during the latter part of the session, but
the market in general was inclined to remain
mar the low level. The close was weak, with
July at S3?4c. After May had sold up to
87 %c there was another reaction, the close
be!:ig at 87%©87?4c. a net loss of l@l%c.
The slumo in wheat and Improved weather
conditions caused a weak opening in the corn
pit. but <n spite of these adverse clrcum
uan'tt, a firm undertone was manifested at
times. The market closed steady at the de
cline. July opened %@«4c to %©%c lower at
47»4c to 47Tic, Bold between 47%c and 48%c,
and closed at 47%c. May ranged between 47c
and 47*4c and closed at 47%c.
There was a comparatively firm market in
Oats, the buying being of good character.
After opening %©%c to «&@%c lower at
35%c to 35&c, July ranged between 35%c
and 36c and closed at S5%@35%c.
Provisions eased off some early In the day,"
Influenced by the weakness In grains, but thero
was little oroduct pressing for sale and the
demand from shorts and -packers was sufficient
to lift prices to a slightly higher level. The
market closed steady, with . July pork un
changed at $12 25. July lard and ribs were
each 2%§5c higher at f6 SO and ?6 57%, re
spectively.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 — ' . .
May S.%% 87% 85% 87%
July, old 85 85 84% 84%
July, new 84 84 8-1% 83%
September, old. 81% 81% 81 81%
September. n«?w 80Vk S0% 79*i 80
Corn, No. 2 —
May.. 47%' 47% 47 47%
July 47'Vi, 4S% 47% 47* 4
September 47% ' 47% 47% 47%
• Oats, No. 2—
May 30% 36% 36% 30%'
July.... 35% 36 35% 35T4
September 30 30% 29% 30%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 1195 12 00 1190 12 00
July 12 20 12 27% 12 15 12 25
Lard, per 100 lbs — w .-•
May « 60 . 6 62% 6 CO C «2%
July. fi 75 6 80 6 72% 6 80
September .....! 6 87% tf 92% 6 87% 6 92%
Short Ribs, per 100 lb«—
May 6 32% 6 87% 6 32% 6 37%
July 6 52% « 57% 6 32% 6 37%
September 6 65 : '.6 70 . 6 65 . «,70
Future Grain and Provisions.
20 Oceanic S SCO...;.;;;. 3 62%
51,000 Bay Counties Power. Co.. 6s.... 101 00
I The New York and Honduras Rosario Min
ing Company paid a regular monthly dividend
of 1 per cent yesterday.
The Apollo Consolidated Mining Company of
Unga Island. Alaska, has levied an assessment
I of 10c per share, delinquent June 10.
Hanfcrd Oil Company has declared a divi
dend of $1 per share, amounting to $2000 pay
able April 26. - .
The yield of the Consolidated California and
Virginia mine last week amounted to twenty
mining carloads of ore. assaying $16 72 per ton.
There was a large Increase in the output of
ore from the Ophlr mine last week. It being
318 tons, assaying $84 10 per ton, against 227
tons, assaying $00 per ton. for the previous
week. Two more carloads of ore have been
chipped, making a total of ten carloads on the
way or In process of sale.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, April 23 — 12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..lO7%10S 4s qr cp new.134 134%
4s qr reg...lO7%108 |3s qr coup. ..107%108%
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — O T Co 6s. 119% —
Bay CPC 5s.l00%102 Do 5s 111%112%
Cal C G 6s. — 103 Do con 5s. — 105
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 70
m & ct 5s. 81 Vt 81% Om Cable 6s. — 124%
Cal-st C 5s.ll69iU7%|Pac G Im 4s. — 93%
C C Wat 5s. — 101 . |P E Ry Ss.104% —
Ed L & P 6s — 130 |P & C H 6s.lO4% —
F & C H 6B.114 116 P & O R 6s.ll« . —
Geary-st 5s.. — — Powell-st 6s. — 114
H C&S 5%s.l00 — Sac EG&R5s. 99% 99fl
Do 5s .... 96% 97% SF & SJVSs.llBftlieU
Hon R T 6s.lO6% — Sierra R 6e.llO j
LA Eleo 5*. — 105 S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. Ill 111% ; (1809) .107 108
L A L Co 6s — — (1910) 108 —
Do gtd 6s. — — S P of C 6s
Do gtd 58.103 104 (1905)Sr A. — 102
LAP lem 5s. 99% — (1905)Sr B.102% —
Mkt-8t.C 6«. — 119% (1906). 104% —
Do lem 5s.ll3% — (1912) — 115%
MV& MtT5s.l01% — SPC 1 eg 5s. — 119%
NRR of C6s.l06%107% Do stmpd.109%
Do 5s .... — 117 S P B R 6s.l3Ui —
N P C R 5B.105 — S V Wat 6s. 104% —
N C Ry 58.109 — Do 4l 2dm. 99*4100%
NCPCb. 90 102 Do 4s 3dm. — 100%
N S R R 5s. — 100 Stkn G&EBs. — 97%
O G L&H Bs.106 — U G & E 5s. — 100
O W gtd 5a. — — I
f WATER STOCKS. '
Contra Costa 37% 38% | Port Costa... — --7'
Marin Co... — 61 IS V Wat Co. 33% 39
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 3% 3% S F G &~ E. 61 62%
Mutual E L. 11% 12% Stkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co... 56 — U G & E Co. — 33
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 |
BANK STOCKS. <
Am Ntl Bk..l25 — |L P & A....152H —
Anglo-Cal.. — 87 |Mer Trust.... — 220
Bank of Cal.425 430 iMerch Ex.... — •-. —
Cal Sate Dp. — 150 |S F Natlonl. — 155
First" Natlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS. -
Ger S A L.2260 2350 Sav A L So. — 100 •
Hum S ft L. — *— Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 10O — . Union T Co.. — —
8 : F Sav U.625 —
STREET RAILROADS. .
California 71 — - . 200 (Presidio ..... 39% 41
Geary ......— 80 I » ¦-".:"'
POWDER.
Giant ,......— 61 % I Vlgorlt •.....— ¦ 4%
SUGAR.
Hana P Co. — 25c iKllauea S C. — 4%
Hawaiian C. 47% 4S%|Makawell C. 21 21%
Honokaa S C 11% 12 - JOnomea S C. — 27 Vi
Hutch SPC 9 09C|Paauhau S C. 12% 12H
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A-142% — . (Oceanic S Co. — 3%
Cal F G A. — 100%|pac Aux FA. 5% —
Cal Wine A. 91% 02% Pac C Borx.165 170
MV& MtTm.100 . — I; ..!.' T „
Morning Session. -
Board — : ... . . .
5 Alaska Packers" Association... 143 CO
20 California Wine Association... 91 75
50 Central Light A Power....... 3 50
95 Paauhau S P Co......*....... 12 50
70 Oceanic S S Co . ;: . . . . ..... . . 3 75
$1,000 Cal Gas & El Gen M & C T 5s. 81 37%
- $4,000 Spring . Val 4s (2d mtge) 100 00
¦¦¦ ,- Street — -
¦* 10 Oceanic 8 S Co .............. 3 75
' The situation remains unchanged. Every
few days it la reported that the factional dif
ferences which have beset the Raisin market
will shortly settled, but they are not yet.
Prunes continue dull and weak. The other
Fruits are nominal, there being hardly any
stock left ; to work on.
FRUITS— Apricots. 8%@10%c for Royals and
9@12c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples 4%©
6c; sun-dried. 3<g4%c; Peaches, 5%@7%c;
Pears 8®ll%c; Nectarines, nominal; Figs,
white 8@4c in boxes: black. 4%c; Plums,
pitted. 6@7%c per lb.
PRUNES— 1903 crop. 2@2%c for the four
sizes. •
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices* Standard grades. 50-lb cases 2
crown Loose Muscatels. 5%c per Ib*
3-crown. 6%c; 4-crown, 6%c; Seedless Loose
Muscatels." 4%c; Seedless floated. 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c;-3-crown Malaga loose 594c
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached. 4 %c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached, 5%c. Layers, per 20
lb box— 6-crown Imperial clutters, $3; 5-crown
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters
$2: 3-crown London 'Layers, $135: 2-crowri
London Layers. $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seeded — Fancy 16-oz
cartons, per lb. 7%c; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package. 6%e; fancy bulk cartons, per lb. 7%c;
choice 16-oz cartons, per lb, 7%c; choice 12-oz
cartons, per package. 6%c; choice bulk car
tons, per lb, 7%o; 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings. Muscatels, per lb, 7c:< 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings. Muscatels, per lb, 5'ic; bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 6%c.
NUTS — Walnuts, No. 1 softs hell. 13%<B14e-
No. 2. ll%@12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13@13%c;
No. 2, ll@U%c; Almonds. ll%c for Nonpa
reils. ll%c for I X L, lie for Ne Plus Ultra
ana a%c for Languedoc; Peanuts, 6@7c for
Eastern; Pecans. U@13c: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb, 10@ll%c for. white and S%
@uy.e for amber; water white ¦ extracted, 5©
&%<:'; light: amber extracted, 4%@4%c; dark,
3Vf@4c.
BEESWAX— 27@29c p«r lb.
Dried Fruits,Nuts,Raisins,Honey.
Chicago Board of Trade.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 46,609 shares, valued at $22,903. the lead
ing sales being as follows: Associated Oil.
4570 shares; Four. 3236; Independence. 27,500;
Monte Cristo. 5400; Oil City. 2000; Home. 950;
Senator. 700; Twenty-eight, COO; Claremont,
500.
Trading was dull and of a Saturday char
acter and there were no fluctuations of any
importance.
Yesterday's Market Dull and of a
Saturday Character.
FUTURES. ,
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close.
December ... 83 9S - 87 • 97%
OATS — Closed the week quiet and unchanged
White, $1 3001 40; Black. $1 25@1 30; Red.'
$1 2501 3b: Gray. $1 32%®1 37% per ctl.
CORN — The demand Is about sufficient to ab
sorb the moderate arrivals and the market
shows no change.
Western sacked, $1 35@1 40 for Yellow,
$1 32%@1 40 for White and $1 30@l 35 for
Mixed; California large yellow, $1 35@1 42%;
small round do. $1 50@l 55; White. $1 40@l 45
per ctl: Egyptian. $14001 50 for white and
81 °74®1 30 for brown.
RYE— $1 30@l 32% per Ctl. i
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per cU.
Feed. $1 1001 12%: Shipping and Brewing.
$1 17%@1 20; Chevalier. $1 1501 20 for fair
to choice. .
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 37%@1 42%; California
White Australian. $1 47%®1 57%: Northern
Club. $1 3»<51 40; Northern Bluestem. $1 47%S>
1 55 per cU.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. ra.
Open. High. Low. Close.
May $130 $130 $120% $129%
December ... 1 30 1 30 - 1 29 1 29
BARLEY — The decline In Wheat and the
improved crop outlook are affecting futures,
which continue to shade off. The cash grain
is dull and easy, but no lower.
CASH BARLEY.
Chicago continued to decline and lost an
other cent. Crop conditions continue to govern
that market. The private wires of Mitchell.
Mulcahy & Co. from there yesterday said that
the weather had suddenly turned very fine all
over the West. Minneapolis reported that with
a few days of this fine weather nothing further
would be heard about late seeding. Indiana
sent in a gloomy report that the State would
have the smallest crop in thirty years. Mis
sour! reported the outlook excellent and as
good as ever before. Nebraska reported the
prospect fine. All Eastern Kansas was reported
as before, but the western part was sending in
some complaints.
Futures were again lower in this market, but
there was no change In the cash grain.
W HEAT— The situation abroad remains prac
tically unchanged, the European markets being
well supplied.
Wheat and Other Grains.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges. $1 25@2
for fancy. 75c®$l 50 for choice and 40c@$l for
standard; Tangerines, 75c®$l 25 per box;
Lemons. $2 50@2 75 for fancy, $1 50@l 75 for
choice and $1@1 25 for standard; Grape Fruit,
$1 25©2; Mexican Limes, $4 50<ff 5 per case;
Bananas, nominal; Pineapples, $2@3 per dozen.
STRAWBERRIES— 50@S5c for Longworths
and 25(ff40c per drawer for the larger va
rieties; crates from Los Angeles $1 50@2.
APPLES — $1@2 25 per box.
Receipts of Strawberries were 69 chests from
near-by sections and 47 crates from Los An
geles. Dealers had firm ideas at the opening
and were asking $1 per drawer for the best
Longworths and the larger varieties were held
at 50060c per drawer, but as there was very
little demand at those, figures prices receded,
and late in the afternoon fine berries could b<?
bought at liberal concessions. A portion of
the receipts of large berries from Watsonville
came to hand in bad condition, being covered
with mud and otherwise poor and were hard
to dispose of even at the minimum quotation.
A crate of Raspberries came in from Los An
geles and sold at 17%®20c per small basket.
A fair trade was noted in Oranges, but the
market continued weak owing to the abun
dance of low-grade, fruit, which was being
pressed for sale at concessions, and this had a
depressing effect on the sale of good sound
stock. Lemons were a little easier under in
creased receipts, while Grape Fruit and Limes
were steady. : There was nothing new to re
port In other fruits. Ten cars of Oranges are
announced for to-morrow's auction
Deciduous and Citrus
STOCK MAKKET.
Additional shipments of 3.050,000 Japanese
yen were received in this city on the 22d from
Yokohama via Vancouver, B. C. distributed
as follows: Anplo-Californian Bank (Limited).
1,250.000; Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
Corporation. 1,250,000. and International Bank-
Ing Corporation. 550,000. According to th«
figures of the Commercial News this increases
the amount received here since December 1,
1903. to 46.203. 000 yen. valued at $23,023,714,
and 6,500.000 yen are' expected to arrive on the
steamer China, due May 3.
Sterling Kich&nge, sixty days.... $4 Rfl
Sterling Exchange. Eight — 4 &S%
Sterling Exchange; cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange telegraphic. — 15
Silver. . per ounce -• .'..... — 55%
Mexican Dollars, nominal ....-...- — . 43%
Silver advanced %r. Exchange rates re
mained without variation.
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MAEKETS.
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE?.
Following were the sales on the San FraS*
Cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Alpha 07 200 Gould it Cur. 29
200 Andes 32 300 Halo A Norc. 79
100 Belcher 32 600 Mexican 2 35
100 Best & Belch.2 00 100 Ophlr 5 7»
10O Chollar 24 200 Ophlr 8 87}»
100 Con C & Va.1 80 200 Overman S»
50 Con C & Va.l 75 300 Overman ...,. B4
500 Crown Point. 15 700 Savage 43
400 Exchequer- ... 2» 1COO Seg Belcher .. IS
200 Gould & Cur. 30 100 Yellow Jacket. 23
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE
Following were the sales on the Paclf.q
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
2100 Andes 32| 100 Mexican ...2 32-tf
200 Belcher 31 ICO Mexican 2 4Q
500 Chollar 25| 300 Sierra Nev .. 71
100 Con C Sc V.I 77% 200 Silver Hill .. 59
600 Con C & Va.l 80 200 Union- Con .. '.»;;
500 Con Imperial. 03 100 Yellow Jacket. 2J
300 Crown Point. 15 100 Yellow Jacket. 2«
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterdays
Morning Session.
2500 MacNamara . 22; 100 Ton Belmont.. 73
2200 MacNamara. . 2111500 Ton Belmont.. 75
1000 MacNamara . 23! SCO Ton Belmont.. 74
1300 Mont Ton .1 47%| 200 Ton Exten ... 95
100 Mont Ton ...1 50J2512 Ton Midway.. Sf»
100 Ray & O'B.. 03! 5O Ton of Nev.. 9 Zf
100 Ton Belmont. 72|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, April 23—12 in.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Aslfc
Alpha 07 C8 Justice 12 14
Alta OS COlKentuck 03 05
Andes 82 33jKeyes Graes... — 1 00
Belcher 31 33>Lady Wash .. — OS
Best & Belch. 1 95 2 00| Mexican 2 35 2 4O
Bullion 10 12iOccldental ... 82 85
Caledonia ... 70 "llOphlr 5 75 5 87%,
Challenge Con 23 25; Overman 38 V,§
Chollar 23 25|Potosl 20 21
Confidence ...1 00 1 O5| Scorpion ..... 21 £J
Con C & Va.l 75 1 SOISavage 42 43
Con Imperial. 02 03|Seg Belcher .. 14 IS
Con NY.... 03 04) Sierra Nev ..72 73
I Crown Point. 14 15|SUver Hill ..58 «0
1 East Sierra N C6 — St Louis .... — 10
Eureka Con.. — 50|Syndicate .... <H ' 09
Exchequer .. 29 30| Union Con .. P2 &3
Gould & Cur. 20 3l|Utah 12 13
Hale Ic Norc. 77 791 Yellow Jacket. 21 22
Julia 07 101
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid. Ask. j Bid. Ask.
• Colehan — 09|Resai«> .*. 08 tut
Esperanza ... — 01 (Ton Belmont.. 73 75
Gipsy Queen. — 301 Ton & Cal... 10 — •
Gold Anchor. IS 25|Ton Exten ..96 —
Gold M Con. — lOJTon Fraction. — 30
Kannapah ... 10 — Ton of Nev. 9 50 11 00
Hannapah M. 10 — (Ton N Star.. — SO
Little Ton .. 20 40 Ton Midway.. S» 40
MacNamara . 21 22iTon & S Lake. 20 —
Mont Ton..l 47% 1 50|Ton Superior.. ' — ¦ Cfl
Paymaster. .. — OS! West End .. — 22
Ray & OBrien 02 04j
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Alma 1 a
Apollo 48
I Associated Bonds 79
! Associated Trust Cert 1!> t 2f>
j Caribou i.. 4 2S 5 (K»
I Central Point Con 70 75
I Chicago Crude 2i> 21
j Claremont 62 «5
i Esperanza 125
I Four -. 60
! Fulton .... 3 75
! Giant 15 ¦
I Hanford 180 0O 1S5 0O
! Home 1 55 1 65
- Imperial 14 00 IS 0^
! Independence 23 24
Kern BOO 525
Kern River 12 00
Ltnda Vista 15 ' ...J
Monarch of Arizona 40 ....
Monte Cristo 65 i...
Occidental of W Va If ....
I Oil City Petroleum 43 45
! Peerless 14 ©«>
' Pittsburg 20
Reed Crude ....' 1 50 ....
S F & McKlttrlOt 2 75 ....
Senator 65 .,..*
Sovereign 42 44
Sterling 2 6O
i Superior 01
I Twenty- eight 7 00 8 00
Th.rty-three 7 00 SCO
Miscellaneous —
California Shipping Co 27 5O
Fischer's Theater 1 25 1 5O
Northern Cal Power 11 CO 11 25
SALES.
Morning Session.
10O Occidental 1°
100 Sovereign 42
390 Reed Crude 1 §<>
600 Clareraont • .*-
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask,
Bay CPC 6a. 99 100 SF A NP 5s.lll% —
B L Wat 6s. — 117% S P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5s..l08%110% S P Co 4%s.lOO —
M C Wat 5S.10O — |Sun Tel 6s.. 113 —
Ria I %Vks5i — 107%ISuttr-st R5a.lO5 113
SF Drdk 5» — 113%|UR of SF 4»: »•?, 77*i
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 24 27%|Mat Nav Co. 8O
Cal Cot Mils 86 — INev Nat Bk. — 200
Cal G*ECor. 35 — IN S R R-. 8% —
C Jockey C1.120 150 |N Cal P Co. 11 *ll!i
Cal Powder.125 — |Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 |Oak T Con. 75 —
Cal T I & T — 185 IOOF Hall A « —
Cen Bk Oak — 65 Orphenm Co.. 12% 16%
Chutes 'Co .. — 7% Pac C Cas..ll9% — <^
City A C Bk — 112 Pac S Tel. .100 l<n
Cyp L Imp. 5% — Paraf Paint. 3S —
East Dram.." — 250 S F Drydock 60 —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 SF&SJ Coal. — 30
Do com . . — 60 S J Wat Co. — 10«
FN Bk Oak.120 — SO & MTgbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr — 1% Swlss-A Bk.113 —
Frnch-A Blc.105 — Truck Elect. 10 —
Gas Con A. — 22 UR InC pfd. 42 —
Hono P Co. 13 15 Do com .. 9 — .
Lont SF Bk. — 60
¦ Morning Session-
Board— •
$6,000 United R R of 8 F 4 per cent.. 77 62t£
Street— -.
$5,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 77 «2b
CHEESE— S@9c for good to choice new
and 7@7%c for lower grades; Young Americas
9%@10c; Eastern. 15@l«c; Western. 14@15c
per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 18@19c for fair to choice, with
20c for large white selected in a limited way;
store, 15<alSc per dozen.
A good idea of the Butter situation may be
had from the fact that spot stocks are large
and topheavy and that there are at least 700.
000 lbs of oold storage Butter left over from
last year. Some houses place the quantity as
high as J. 000,000 lbs. This is enormous. There
is no market for this stored product at pres
ent, and it Is being offered down to 16c and
even less. Under the circumstances dealers
art very timid about storing any fresh goods,
especially as the quantity of-stored Butter in
New York is also vast. One New York hand
ler recently made the remark that New .York
was ashamed to admit how much stored But
ter there was there. At the same time, though
this market Is rather weak than otherwise,
with holders disposed to sell, prices keep up.
There is no further .change in Cheese, the
situation remaining as already stated.
Egga continue steady at unchanged quota
tions. Receipts were larger again yesterday.
The demand Is not lively and dealers are still
storing the surplus
Receipts were 72.2C0 lbs Butter. 1505 cases
Eggs and 3800 lbs Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery at first hands, lS@19e
for extras and 17@17%c for firsts; dairy, 15®
17%c; store Butter. 13@14c; cold storage nom
inal.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Boston & Maine. 168% Centennial 19»s
Boston Elev 141% Copper Range ... 41%
Jitchburg pfd 14U14 Daly West ...:.. 24%
Mex Central 6V4 Dom Coal 64
N Y, N H & H..1S9 Franklin 7?i
Pero Marquette.. 78 Grancy 3%
Union Pacific 85»/4 Isle Royale 5
Miscellaneous— Mass Mining 4
Amer Arse Chem. 13 Michigan 4»4
' Do pfd 71 Mohawk 41
Amer Pneu Tube. 4% Mont Coal & Coke 2
Amer Sugar 127% Old Dominion ... 12%
Do pfd 126 Osceola 57
Amer Tel & Tel. 120% Parrot 23%
Amer Woolen ... 10>4 Quincy SO
Do pfd 75 Shannon 8
•Dom Iron & S... 9fi Tamarack 90
Ed Elect Ilium.. 239 Trinity STs
Gen Electric lfw}V4 U S Mining 20%
Mats Electric... 20'4 V S Oil 94'
Do pfd 73% Utah 33*J
Mass Gas 3.0*4 Victoria S
United Fruit 105 Winona «>4
Un Shoe Mach... 49% Wolverine 71
Do pfd 29%
London Closing' Stocks.
Cons for money.. SS% N Y Central 1W?4
Do for acct.SS 3-lti Nor & Western.. 59%
Anaconda 3*i Do pfd 90%
Atchison 75% Ont & Western.. 22
Do pfd 96% Pennsylvania .... 00%
Bal & Ohio S!9i Rand Mines 10%
Can Pacific 12034 Heading 23%
Ches. & Ohio 33 Do 1st pfd 40
Chi Great West.. 17 Do 2d nfd 33
Chi. Mil & St P. 148% So Railway 22%
De Beers H'H, Do pfd 87%
Den A Rio G 21% So Pacific 50%
Do pfd 72% I Union Pacific... 87%
Erie 27=»4| Do pfd 95
Do 1st pfd ti«%|U S Steel 11%
Do 2d pfd 42%| Do pfd IiS
111 Central 134V-I Wabash 19%
Louis & Nash. ..Ill | Do pfd 40%
M. K & Texas... 17%! '
Bar silver — Steady. 25%d per ounce.
Money — 1 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 1% per cent and for three months'
bills 1%®1 5-16 per cent.
Associated Banks' Statement, j
NEW YORK, April '23. — The statement of
averages of the Clearinc House banks of this
city for the wei-k shows: Loans, $1,040,31)0,300;
increase. (3,138.200. Deposits. $1,H>!»,374,4<X>;
increase, $12,250,000. Circulation, $:i5,725.000:
increase, $410,800. Legal tenders, $75,389,800;
increase. $7,551. COO. Specie, $236,157,500; in
crease. $7,411,501). Reserve. $311,547,300; in
crease. $9,963,100. Reserve required. $277,343.-
G00; Increase, $3.OG4,OOO. Surplus, $34,203,700;
increase, $8.S9».lrt0. Ex-U. S. deposits, $4S0,
255.075; increase, $6,902,550.
New York Grain and Produce.
NEW YORK. April 23.— FLOUR— Receipts,
14,500 barrels: exports, 8700 barrels. Weak and
lower. Minnesota patents. $5@5 35; Minnesota
bakers'. $4«j4 25; winter patems, $5 10@5 50;
winter straights, $4 9(MJ5 15; winter extras,
$3 .1T.f?4; winter low grades. $3 15@3 80.
WHEAT— Receipts. 6000 bushels, fpot, weak;
No. 2 red. $1 05 elevator. $1 04@l 07 f. o. b.
afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. 9Sc f. o.. b.
afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, nominal, f. o. b. I
afloat. Severe declines as a result of decided I
improvement in weather and crop conditions !
marked the wneat operations this morning. A
number of long accounts were thrown on tho
market and short interests extended. The mar
ket closed weak at »4@IVic net decline. May
closed at Slt-^ir. July closed at SSc. September
closed at So%c.
HOPS — Steady; State, common to choice. ISO.?
crop, 26SX5c; r.ld. 9@14c; Pacific Coast. 1903
crop, 24©30c; 1902 crop 23fif26c; old. 94114c.
HIDES— Steady: Galveston, 12c; California,
19c; Texas dry, 14c.
WOOL— Steady; domestic fleece. 2S@32c.
PETROLEUM— Easy.
COFFEE — Spot Rio. quiet: No. 7 Invoice.
7%c; mild, steady; Cordova. 10@13c. The
mark.Pt fo*- coffee futures closed unchanged. I
Sales 25.250 bags. May. 5.90<S5.9jc: July, 6.15 ¦
<gtj.20c; September, 6.40<ff6.45c; December, 6.70 1
@6.75c.
SUGAR— Raw. steady: fair refining, 3%c; j
centrifugal. 96 test. 3 19-32c; molasses sugar, •
2Tic; refined, quiet: confectioners' A. 4.90c; •
mold A. 5.0.V-; cut loaf. 5.40c; crushed. 5.4(te; j
powdered. 4.80c; granulated. 4.70c; cubes, 4.95c. I
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market Is
meeting with a moderate demand, but attract- |
ive grades arp firmly held. Common, 45?5%c; |
prime SiiSS^c; choice, 0%©6%c; fancy. 7@ ;
7%c. ' .
PRUNES — Ar* fairly active in small lots and
rule steady, with prices ranging from 3c t«
5^ 4 c. according to grade. j . "*
APRICOTS — Are in light supply. Choice are
quoted at «4®lCc; extra choice, 10%Q10%c:
fancy. 1 1013c.
PL" ACHES — Rule firm; choice are held at 7%
@7%c; extra choice. 7?ig8c; fancy, 0%@10c.
Exports and Imports.
NEW YORK, April 23.— Total imports of dry
goods and merchandise at this port for the.
week ending to-day were valued at $10,833,660.
Exports of specie from this port for the week
were $7S1,312 in silver and $1,537,654 gold.
Imports of specie at this pert during the
week were $28,084 gold and $50,227 silver.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, April 23.— There was little do
ing in anj) of the local metal markets to-day,
although the undertone ruled generally firm.
Tin was quoted at $27 90028 10.
Copper — Lake, $13 25@13 62%: electrolytic,
$13 12%@13 25; casting, $12 87%@13 12%.
Spelter— $5 20@5 25.
Lead— U C0@4 05.
Iron— Quiet; unchanged.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. April 23. — Cotton closed quiet,
4 to 10 points lower.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
[Opening : 0 4 0 4%
Closing 6 4 6 4%
PARIS.
Wheat — April. Sept. -Dec.
Opening 22 50 20 65
Closing 22 50 20 t5
Flour —
Opening 28 30 27 75
Closing 28 20 27 70
St. Louis Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, April 23. — WOOL— Steady.
Medium grades, combing and clothing, • 19@22c;
heavy fine. l2Q<14%c; tub washed, 21@31c.
Northern Business.
', SEATTLE. April 2.*.. — Clearings, $505,131;
balances. $131. S89.
TACOMA, April 23. — Clearings, $314,375;
balance?, $22,501.
PORTLAND. April 23. — Clearings, $371,004;
balances, $42,802.
SPOKANE. April 23. — Clearings, $318,713;
balances, ?22.14U.
1 Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. April Si.— WHEAT — Walla
Walla, 73©74c; blue stem, 84c; valley, 81@83c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. April 23.— WHEAT— Unchanged;
blue stem. 83c; club. 74c.
silver. 55Mc Mexican dollars. 43>-ic. Bonds—
Governments, steady; railroads, firm.
New York Stocks and Bonds.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Storks — Sales. High. Low. Close.
Atchison 2,000 73fc 73H 73V4
Atchiscn pfd 93*i
Baltimore & Ohio.. 3,600 80i; 79% 80S
Bait & Ohio pfd »0»4
Canadian Pacific... 500 117^ 117% 1171*
Oen of New Jersey. 100 160 160 159 Vj
Chesapeake & Ohio. 100 32 32 31 «*
Chicago & Alton... 100 3S?s 3S% 38
Chi & Alton pfd .... 81
I Chi Grtat Western. 300 16% 16^ JC>4
; Chicago & N W 171
Ohi. Mil & St Paul. 3.000 145 144^T 1**^
C. M & St P pfd 175
Cht Term & Trans 9
Chi T & T pfd 19
C. C. C & St Louis • 75
Colorado Southern. 100 17% 17U 17
Colo 8outh 1st pfd. i S3H
Colo South 2d pfd. 100 23H 23>£ 23»i
Del. Lack & West. 700 159 T « 159 159»i
Denver & Rio G 20%
Den & Rio G pfd... l«0 70' t 70\4 70
Erie P00 2<! ! >4 26?, 2»i%
Krie 1st pfd 200 65'« 65H «5^
Erie 2(3 pfd 41 'i
Hockirg Valley 200 71?i 71S 71 » t
Hocking Val pfd .... 804
Illinois Central 1309i
Iowa Central iSVa
Iowa Central pfd 35'
K O Southern is',4
K C Southern pfd 35'
Louis & Nash 100 10RV4 10SU 108
Manhattan L 200 142»i 142^4 142^4
Metropolitan Sers 79
Metropolitan St Ry. 600 114«i 114 114
Minn & Pt Loula 47
M. St P & S S M «I»i
M.StP & SS M pfd 117
Missouri Pacific 200 93»i 93 ' J»2>^
Mo. Kan & Tex... 200 17» 4 17H 171,4
M. K & T pfd 2Si*
Ntl RR Mex pfd.. 200 3SU 3SU 3S
New York Central uo
Norfolk & Western. 500 58*4 5S»i 5S
Nor & West pfd .' . ss
Ontario & Western. 100 21 *± 21*4 21 H
Pennsylvania 4,700 117't 117** 117?i
P. C C & St Louis 55) ¦
Reading 700 45 45 45
Reading 1st pfd i$K
Reading 2d pfd « «2
Rock Island Co 300 23>* 23% 23%
Rock Island Co pfd . ..i. -63
StL & SF Ut pfd.. 100 474 4714 47
St Louis S W „ .... ]4
St Louis S W pfd.. 1<V) 35U 3514 35
Southern Pacific... l.tfOft 49 4S 7 » 4S$4
Southern Railway. . 100 21»4 21 ?4 21 ? 4
Southern Ry pfd... lftO s,v^ f.-,i a sji^
Texas & Pacific 200 24 l » 24 24U
T. Pt L & W 200 26*4 26K 20^
T. St L & W pfd.. 1,400 39S, 3S4 39« 4
t'nion Pacific 5,000 S5T B 85% S5%
Union Pacific pfd 92
Wabash ¦ 1**4
Wabash pfd...» 600 3{*i, 29 39'
Wheeling & L E.. 600 16 1« ld^
Wisconsin Central 18
Wisccn Cent pfd.. 300 40\j, 40«g 40
Express Companies —
Adams 224
American 1S5
Vnited States 107
Wells- Fargo 205
Miscellaneous — ¦
Amalram Copper.. 1,000 49^ 49»fc 4S41J
Am Car & Fdy 18
Am Car & Fdy pfd 100 72 72 71
Am Cotton Oil 23^4
Am Cotton Oil pfd SS
American Ice ..... 7*4
Arcerican Ice pfd 27ij
Am Linseed Oil 8*4
Am Lin Oil pfd I^H
Am Locomotive .. 200 lfl'4 19*4 19^
Am Locomn pfd.. 100 SIVi 61 Vi 81 H
Am Smelt & Rfg 45^4
Am Bm & Rfg pfd 200 "j*3H 93S 93>,4
Am Sugar Rfg 300 127?, 1271J 127 '4
Arsacon Mining Co 70^.1
nrook Rap Transit 10.300 47% 46*4 48%
Cclo Fuel & Iron 31*4
Consolidated Ga«.. 5,300 209 207% 2074
Corn Products 13 ifc
Corn Products pfd "0%
Distil Securities .. 100 22 22 21%
General Electric .. 100 164% 1944 1«3
Internat! Paper UV t
Int Paper pfd 65
Internatl Pump 38%
Int Pump pfd 74
National Lead 17*4
North American .... 83
Pacific Mail 2614
People's Gas ;... 97%
Pressed Steel Car. ./. 25%
Pressed St Car pfd 71
Pullman Pal Car 212
Republic Steel 614
Republic Steel pfd 100 44^ 44U 444
Rubber Goods 100 164 164 164
Rubber Goods pfd 7«4
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 500 37% 37% Z7~-%
U S Leather 100 7V« 7U 7V t
U S Leather pfd.. 600 80% 80U 80
Total sales 71.600 shares.
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
SEW YORK. April 23. — Bond transactions of.
United Railway* of San Francisco: 25,000 at
77%; 10.000 at 77%.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
ComnoL bid 4%, asked 4%; preferred bid
34%, asked 35.
NEW YORK BONDS. \" .: ;
U S ref 2s reg..l054|L & N unified 4s. 99%
Do coupon 105% Man con gold 4s.. 102^
Do Z% reg lOttViiMex Cent 4s C3%
Do coupon 107>4 Do 1st lnc 12%
Do new 4s reg.133 Minn & St L 4s.. fi5 %
Do coupon 134 M. K & T 4s 03 7 *
Do old 4s reg.. 107% Do 2da 7S%
Do coupon 107% NR of Mex con 4s. 75
Atch gen 4s 100 NYC gen 3%s.. 98
Do ad] 4s 4K>% N J C gen 5s. ...129«<i
Atlantic C L 4«. 9Z% Nor Pac 4s 103«4
B*l & Ohio 4s. ..100%! Do 3 72%
Do 3%s »4H|Nor & W con 4s. 97*4
Central of Ga 68.1031* IOSL 4* & partic. 95U
Do let inc 70% I Pa conv ?%s.... 97
Ches & -Ohio 4 49.102%! Reading gen 4s.. 98%
Chi & Alton 3-4«. 77 |SL & I M con 6g.lI2%
C B & Q new 4s. »4»4IS L & S F fg 4s. 62%
CM & BP en 4R.109 St Louis SW lsts. 96%
C & NW con 76.129% Seaboard A L 4a. 69
C. R I & Pac 4s. 72% So Pacific 4s SO
Do col 5s SO So Railway 5s 114
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.l01 Tex & Pac lsts.. 117
Cfcl Term 4s R0% T. St L & W 4s. 69%
Cons Tobacco 4s. S9 Union Pacific 4s.m4»;
Colo & So 4s.... K.\ Do conv 4*.... m%
C F & I con 8s. 71% U S 8teel 2d 6s.. 78
Den & Rio G 4«. 09% Wabash lsts ....117%
Erie prior lien 4s. »?% Do deb B 63 '
Do gen 4s R7 W & L Erie 4m. &>
F W & D C lsts.106% Wis Cent 4s .... 90
Hock Val 4%s...I07
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con SOJLlttle Chief 08
Alice • lSiOntario 4 00
Breeee 10|Ophir 6 25
Bruns Con 04 Phoenix OS
Com Tunnel OS> Potosi jj)
Con Cal & Va.. J 75 Savage 40
Horn Silver 1 301 Sierra Nev (53
Iron Bilver «.... 1 75| Small Hopes .... 15
Leadville Con ... 02|Standard 2 30
Weather Report.
The report of G. N. Salisbury section di
rector. United States Weather Bureau for the
Washington Crop Bulletin week ended April
]£ is as follows:
' Although the past winter was mild, it was
loot and unusually wet in th« western division
of the State, while the division east of the
•¦ascsde Mountains hafl mere than the ordinary
amount of snow in February and March, l.'p
to the end of January there had been little
fnow in most districts and the ground had been
!>are most of the time in the wheat districts,
hut the weather was not severe enough to ma
terially injure the winter wheat. Early in
February there csme an ample enow revering,
end when it finally disappeared, which it did
not completely do in all localities until the
second week in April. It was found that in
raoft instances the winter wheat »»as urin
lurej and in thrifty condition. The new
...--,.» xry liave a good tffert in smothering
<^ut the wild oats. The ample precipitation
thoroughly soaked the soil, which is expected
to be very beneficial to all crops. Orchards
were not inju'e*} during the winter.
"Although March had no severe cold spelie.
R »•«* cold throughout with heavy late frosts
and epnrye did net open until the first of April'
As a result of the heavy rains and melting
srow the soil was in most localities too wet
to work until about the 7th of April. Since
thtn it has been dry and unusually warm for
UK season. ,
•'Previous to the 7th th«re had been no
s-pring growth worth mentioning, but the ad
vance of warm sunshine following started
phenomenal growth so as to make up in some
measure, for the backwardness of the season.
During the week ended winter wheat has made
rood growth and early spring sown wheat has
oome up. Active progress has been made in
rpring- wheat seeding, which is about half
<!one. and in plowing. Much gardening and
flela plantin- have been done. Pasture* have
preatly Improved. Hops have started. Peach.
• herry. plum and early prune tree? have bum
Into bloom during the pa6t week."
Washington Crop Bulletin.
Local Ba.uk bearing? during the week just
? nded showed a gain of $X>22,136 over those of
the oorrerpondinj: week of last year, be.ng
Il v 7.se7.641. against $27,515,505 in ie<Vi. Th»
« learimrs during the same week in 1£h»2 were
f-2.47u.27S.
Bank-Clearings,
The private wires of Mitchell. Mulcahy &
Co, from New York yerterday said that the
ftock market was apathetic and that it was
the smallest Saturday half holiday on record,
thf total Kales for the whole session being
only 72.000 shares. The bank statement, show
ing an increa*e or Sti.sw.OOft in the reserve
«nd S 12. I'M, 000 in deposits, with only S3.136.0CO
increaae In loan?, much smaller than expected,
v.as considered a fine one. It was reported
that $1,500,000 in gold had been engaged for
shipment to Europe en Tue6<Jay'* Fteamer. but
this did not disturb the financial situation as
it was freely said that with money a glut
everywhere and call fund* almoet unloanable
at 1 per cent the banks ran lose considerable
told without any disturbance In the situation.
Again, these gold exports are nrrw by con
tinued import." of gold at Kan Francisco from
Japan, a statement of which appears under
the head of Exchange and Bullion in another
column.
Wall-Street Matters.
Foreign Futures.
Only two cars of Western Poultry were
marketed* during the past week and the daily
receipts of , domestic stock were light. The
market was In good ehape for sellers through
out the week, fine large Roosters, fat heavy
Hens and large Broilers and Fryers being In
good demand. Small Broilers and Squab
Plgeona were inclined to easiness early In tho
week, .but strengthened toward the end, and
the market was firm and bar^ at the close.
A car of Western is scheduled for to-morrow's
market. Game was in light receipt and cleaned
up quickly at steady prices.
•\ POULTRY- Live Turkeys, 15@17c per lb;
Geese, per pair. $1 75@2 25; Goslings, ;
Ducks. $5 50@6 50 per dozen for old and $8 60®
7 50 for young; Hens, $7@8 for large and
$5 50©« for small; young Roosters. $7@
S 50; old Roosters, $5@6; Fryers. $8<86 50;
Brollerfc, J«#4 50 for large and $2 50®3 for
small; Pigeons, fl 25@1 60 per dozen for old
and *1 75@2 25 for Squabs.
GAME — Gray Gees«?, $3 5O@4 per dozen;
White Geese. $1 25@1 75; Brant. *2@3: Honk
era. $4@5; English Snipe $3 5O@4: common
Snipe. $1 75^2; Cottontail' Rabbits. $2; Hare,
$1 50®2.
Poultry and Game.
3Iiscellaneous Markets.
BAGS — Grain Bags, 6%c spot and 5%c June-
July;, San Quentln, $5 40; Wool Bags, 32@35c;
Fleece Twine, 7%@8c.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Wel
lington, $S; Seattle, |C 50; Bryant, $6 50; Bea
ver Hill, $6; Stanford, $7; Roslyn, $7; Coos
Bay. $r> 50; Greta, 17; Wallsend, $7; Richmond.
$7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 CO; Cannel. $S 50 per ton; Coke, $11 502 13
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per 2000 lbs and $12 80
per long ton. according to brand.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
add Sc; Linseed, 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil, In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA, $1 10@l 12; Lueol, 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut, 60(@70c per gallon;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels. 58c for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. S5c; -natural winter Sperm OH. 80c; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil, 65c; natural Whale
Oil, 60c; extra winter utrained Lard Oil, 75c;
No. 1 Lard Oil, 60c; pure NeatBfoot Oil, 75c;
No: 1 Neatsfoot Oil, 65c; light Herring Oil,
45c; dark Herring Oil, 43c*; Salmon Oil. 38c;
boiled Fish Oil, 40c; raw Fish Oil, SSc; boiled
Paint OH. 35c; raw Paint Oil, 33c.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal OH, in bulk,
14c; Pearl .Oil, in cases, 20%c; Astral. 2OV4c;
Star. 20%c; Extra Star, 24&c; Elaine, 26V»c.
Eocene, 23&c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 16c; in cases, 22^c; Benzine, in bulk,
13c; in cases, 19%c; 86-degree Gasoline la
bulk. 25c; In cases 31c. .'
TURPENTINE — 81c per gallon In cases and ;
75c in drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE liEAD— Red Lead, 7®
7^4c per lb; White Lead. 7@7%c, according to
quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnli» Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-16 bags:
Cubes, A Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.65c;
Powdered 5.50c: Candy Granulated. 5.50c;
Dry Granulated, fine, 5.40c; Dry dranu
lated coarse, 5.40c; Fruit Granulated, 6.40c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bags only), 5.30c;
Confectioners' A, 5.40c; Magnolia A. 5c;
I Extra C. 4.90c; Golden C. 4.80c; "D,"
I 4 70c; barrels. 10c more; half barrels. 25c more;
' boxes, 50c more; 50-lb bags. 10c more for all
kinds. Tablets — Half barrels. 5.90c; boxes.
6 15c: H. & E. Crystal Dominos. 8.40c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY, APRIL 23. I
Flour qr 6ks .. S,19«lCornmeal. ctls.. 500
Wheat ctls 2.S53I Screenings, sks.. 200
Barley, ctls 13,33tfFeed. sks 5
Oats ctls 3,»27|Hides. No 4.141
Corn ctls fiSfil Pelts. No 370
Beans sks 115|Leather. rolls .. 104!
Potatoes, sks .. 2.6C8 Lime, bbls 368
Onions sks ... 221|Paper. reams .. 635
Bran sks MOiWine. gals 85,832
Middlings, sks.. 250iChicory. bbls .. 30
Hay tons 720 Sugar, ctls 1,000
Straw, tons ... SiQuicksilver. flka. 26
WooL bales ... l,057|
EASTERN.
Corn. ctl« «00| i
General Merchandise.
Bank Clearings show a slight gain over last year.
Local Stocks and Bonds inactive and featureless.
Wall-street Stocks apathetic. Cotton lower t
Call Money a glut in Nczv York at I per cent.
Continued stream of Japanese Gold flowing into this port.
Silver advances y±c. Exchange rates unchanged.
Fine weather improves prospects for the Wheat crop.
Barley futures continue to decline.
Xo change in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Bran and Middlings still higher. Hay steady.
Xo further change in Beans and Seeds.
Potatoes steady, Onions lower and Vegetables plentiful.
Poultry cn:d Game clean up at steady prices. \
Oranges weak, with low-grade fruit abundant.
Enormous stock of stored Butter still on hand.
Eggs steady. Supplies of Cheese still excessive.
Raisins still unsettled. Prunes dull and weak.
General decline in Hams, Bacon and Lard.
Wool, Hops and Hides as previously quoted.
Xo further change in live or dressed Meats.
CHICAGO, Aoril 23.— On the Produce' Ex
change to-dav the butter market was steady.
Creameries, 14®23c; dairies, 13® 21c; eggs,
firm at mark, cases included, lCW.@17c; cheese,
steady, «@10%c.
¦Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 11,000; Monday. 42,
000; steady; mixed and butchers $5@5 20;
.good to choice heavy, $5 1O@5 17%; rough
heavy, *4 !>0®5 05; light, $4 90*g5 15; bulk, of
salfs, $5#5 15.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1500; sheep and lambs
steady; eood to choice wethers, $4 75@5 45;
fair to choice mixed, .«;| I.iiH CO; Western
Fhecp, $4 75(?5 45: native lambs, $4 50@4 90;
Western lambs, clipped. $5@5 90; Western
lambs, wocled, $5 IKK&6 75.
CHICAGO, April 23.— CATTLE— Receipts,
800; nominal : good to prime steers, $5@5 50;
poor to medium, $3 80@4 90;- stockers and
feeders, $304 35; cows, $1 75@4 30; heifers,
$2 25@4 75; canners, $1 50@2 50; bulls, 520
4 10; calves, $2 25® 5 50; Texas fed steers, $4@
4 75.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
arc as follow*:
BEEF— 7%@8c for Steers end 6®7e per
lb for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 8%®9c; small. S%@9%e per
P °MUTT0N— Wethers, 9@10c; Ewes. 8%©9%c
per lb.
LAMB— 12%c per lb. i -
PORK— Dressed Hoes. 6%@9c per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San Francisco, lass 50
per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE — Steers. 8@9c; Cows and Heifers,
7@8c; thin Cows. 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — l@4%c per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4%®5c; Ewes, 4!4@4%e
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS — $2 75®3 per head.
HOGS — Live Hog*. 140 to 200 lbs, 5Ti®0c;
over 200 lbs, 5%®5%c; soft Hogs. 4%®5&c;
Sows, 20 per cent off; Boars, 50 per cent off,
and Stags. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. - , . •
The week closed with quiet and unchanged
markets. , All kinds are In ample supply and
more or less weak.
DRESSED MEATS.
Meat Market.
ONIONS— Yellow. $2 50@2 75 per ctl for Ore
gon and $2 75@3 25 for Australian; Green
Onions. 50@G0c per box.
VEGETABLES — Asparagus. 5@10c per lb;
Rhubarb, 40@Ss5c per box; Green Peas. $1@1 50
per sack: Garden Peas 55@3%c per lb; String
Beans. ir>@2Cc per lb; Tomatoes $1@1 50 per
box or crate for Los Angeles, $1 25@1 50 for
Mexican and $2@2 50 per crate for Florida;
Summer Squash from Los Angeles. $1@1 50 per
box; Cabbage. $1 25 per ctl ; Carrots, 50c per
sack; Hothouse Cucumbers. S0c@$l 25 per doaj
Garlic, 15c per lb: Egg 1'tant, 25c per lb; Dried
Peppers, 8«£10c tor sun-dried and 12%<fjl3c per
lb for evaporated; Dried Okra, 12%®15c per
lb; Green Peppers, 20@25cper lb; Marrowfat
Squash, Jobbing at 1%1i2c per lb.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the riv«r. $1 60
@1 C5 per ctl ; ... Oregon Burbanks. . $1 50@l 75
per ctl; River Reds $1@1 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for' seed. $1 25@1 50 per ctl;
Garnet Chiles, $1 50®l 75 per ctl; Early Rose,
$1 40@l 50 per ctl; new Potatoes, 2%@3%o
per pound. -
from Oregon . to-day.: has about .'.". 5000 sacks,
nearly one-half : of which ¦> are - seed Potatoes,
and most dealers were predicting | an advance
in table kinds. Onions were weak, with Aus
tralians offered freely at concessions. A steam
er Is due from Sydney to-morrow with fresh
supplies, and . importers were anxious to clean
up old lots. . ¦
As usual on - Saturday trade in vegetables
was quite active and prices of choice stock
were steady. Receipts of . Asparagus, - while
more liberal ; than on the preceding day, were
not excessive, but deliveries were irregular
and prices were .unsteady. At the opening
extra fancy stock' was firmly, held- at <12%c
per pound, but buyers refused to pay that
price and sellers were obliged to cut. Later
in the day extra stock sold down to 8c per
pound. Rhubarb and Peas continued In ex
cessive supply and weak, and large lines were
still unsold at the close. Poor quality Peas
were offering at 75c per sack, but found few
buyers. Southern vegetables arrived - rather
freely and met with a good demand at steady
prices. Florida Tomatoes dragged at the re
cently reduced quotations and the stock Is
netting a loss to the importers.
Receipts of Vegetables included 1191 boxes
of Asparagus, 921 boxes i of Rhubarb and j 780
sacks of Peas.
Central American, Sic. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c; medium,
35c: small, 20c. -
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%@4%c per lb;
No. 2. 3%@4c; grease, 2%@3e.
WOOL— Spring clip— San Joaquln and South
ern. 12 months', 9@llc; do 7 months', 8@10c
per lb; Middles Counties, 12@16c for free and
ll<314c for defective; Northern, 15@17c for free
and 13&"15c for defective; Nevada, 12915c. ac
cording to condition.
HOPS— 24@27c per lb for California. 1903,
and 17140200 for crop of 1904.
oats,36%@37c; No. 3 white, 36&®42c; No. 2
rye.. Otic; srood feeding barley, 30@34c; fair to
choice malting, 45@55<j; No. 1 flaxseed, $1;
No. 1 Northwestern, $1' 06; prime timothy
seed, $2 90; mess, pork, per bbl, $U 95@12;
lard, oer 100 lbs, $6 6O@6 62%; short ribs
sides (loose), *<> 12%®6 37%; short clear sides
(boxed). ?« 50@G 75; whisky, , basis of high
wines, $1 28; clover, contract grade, $10 75.
Articles — ;:.Vj-r ..: /'Receipts. Shipments.
Flour barrels.... .....< 12,800 ! 11.200
Wheat, bushels........... 30,000 28.000
Ccrn. bushels............ .141,900 88,300
Oats, bushels. 121, S00 125,000
Rye, bushels 2,000 1,500
Barley, bushels 42,100 10.900
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, \ APRIL, 24, 1904.
"The Civil Service Commission ye?
terday informed the Board of Super
visors that so far as it is aware the
only temporary appointee disapproved
by it and now employed, notwithstand
ing: its. disapproval. 'is James P." Mc-
Quaide, employed in the rtepartment
of Health as assistant warden and cus
todian at the City and County Ho's
pita I.
Disapproves One Appointment.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
41
AUCTION SALES
fe
AUCTION SALE.
60— DRAFT AND DRIVING HORSES— 50 '
Thirty head , consigned by A. J. . Nelson.
Glenn County, Cal., and twenty head from
Churchill Company ranches. Slsklyou Ca. Cal.
Horses from Nelson ranch' are thoroughly
broke and ready for service and will welgis
from 1000 to 1600 pounds. Horses fron»
Churchill ranch will weigh from 1000 to 11U0
pounds and have been handled two weeks.
This is a splendid lot of horses. All young
and smooth and should appeal to all classes of
buyers, from milkmen to draymen. . A number
Of extra fine roadsters, including a grand car-
riage team, will be found in this lot.
Sale takes place
TUESDAY. April 26, 1904. at 8 p. m.
At salesyard, 1732 Market st, San Francisco.
Horses at yard Monday, April 25. ¦
FRED H. CHASE & CO.,
Livestock Auctioneer*.
#\_ BARGAINS AT AUCTION— 1 span
A-H> driving horses, 1 fast pacer, > 1 fast
pony, 12 draft horses. 30 head of cheap horses,
3 camp, 4 peddling. 2 express*, 1 butcher wag-
on, 25 surreys, buggies, carts, 40 sets harness
at 1140 POLSOM. TUESDAY. April 28, U
a. m. WM. PLOUGH. Auctioneer. ,
AUCTION SALE. MONDAY, April 23. at It
o'clock, at 615 ELLIS ST.. of a lot of WELI*
BROKEN HORSES. S. WATKIN3, Auction-
eer.
BUY A HOME NOW
AND BETTER THE FUTURE.
Choice offers for your consid-
eration in to-day's Realty Col-
umns.
GREAT ...MAY DAY NUMBER.
See the Beautiful Mnltlple Col-
ored Calendar— Girl Pagd
NEXT SUNDAY CAIJUTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALI> SUNDAY; APRIL; 24, 1904.
42
HEAL ESTATE— CITY— -FOR SALE.
AT AUCTION.
i AT AUCTION.
YOUK CREDIT IS GOOD
ON PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
WB "WTLL LOAN YOU 90 PER CENT OF
THE PRICE YOU PAY FOR ANY LOT.
Only 10 per cent cash, balance payable In 9
semi-annual payments. Interest at th* rate
ef 6 per cent per annum.
GRAND CREDIT SALE. AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY, 'APRIL 28, 1904. . ;- ;
, . At 12:80 o'clock noon, -
At our office and salesroom.
_ 25 Post st.
63— BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE LOTS— 63
ON PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
ON PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
This property fronts on Hugo and I sts..
Second. Third and Fourth aves. ; lots 25x110
and 25x120; corners 35x95.
Streets all sewered, and side sewers to the
curb line on each lot; granite curbs; cement
sidewalks; street paved with bituminous rock;
water mains in. .-
Lots all level, on official line and grad* and
ready to build on at once.
For further particulars apply to
BALDWIN ft HOWELL,
25 POST ST..
Or to Branch Office, adjoining th* property,
corner H *t. and Seventh ave. Open every
day. including Sundays and holidays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 20 Post street.
DOWNTOWN INVESTMENT.
$25,000.
Vicinity O'Farrell, Geary and Jones ste.; flne
lot; sunny location; guaranteed to pay over 10
per cent net on total Investment of $50,000;
this Is a bargain worth investigating.
S10,C. r >0 — Splendid building of 2 flats of 7 rooms
and bath each; large lot. 35 feet front-
age, on east side of etreet, with sunny
exposure; rents $05 per month; price
reduced for Immediate sale; Presidio
Heights district: close to Sacramento-
street cars.
$6,700 — Rents $58 per month; Broadway, near
Hyde-et. cars; 2 flats of 4 and 6 room*
and bath each; rear house of 8 rooms;
always rented.
$10,000 — Rents $900 per year; 3 flats on Hayea
st. of 5, 6 and 7 rooms and bath each;
lot 26x137:6; this is worth investigating.
$5,750 — Rents $62 per month; building on Cali-
fornia st. of 3 small flats, which are
always occupied; separate entranoes; the
plumbing In good order; part ca,«h If
desired.
$5,500 — Rents $68 per month; large lot. 60x
137:6, on a main etreet, near Union:
no small thoroughfare; 5 separate
tenants; each of 4 and 5 rooms; a
splendid income property; call for par-
ticulars of this at once.
$4,760 — New residence on the north sunny side
of Clement st.. cars passing; splendid
marine view; bouse has 7 rooms and
bath; lot 25x100.
$13,000— Monthly rentals $135; new buildlnir of
6 separate fiats of 5 rooms and bath
each; half block from Sutter-st. cars:
lot . 60x120; splendid Income paying
property.
$70,000 — Large downtown holding on a promi-
nent corner; 2 blocks below Market;
100x150; rents $4200 per annum; store
and flats.
$7,500— Steiner at., near Hamilton square;
rents $720 per annum; 3 separate flats;
must be sold at once; this property is
cheap; flats always rented.
$20.500 — Rents $f 800 per annum; large down-
town business corner, north of Market
st. »nd east of Larkin, on car line;
stores and dwellings In good condition;
profit can be realized on this holding
In a s*»ort time.
$1,050 — Rents $11 per month; house of C
rooms, half a block from Hyde-etreet
can at Broadway. -
$7.260 — At junction Guerrero st. and San Jose
ave.; price $72r>0; only $3250 cash re-
quired; new bulldinjr of 2 stores and -
flats; lot 86:8x87:10: rents $71 per
month: mortgage of $4000 at 6 per
cent per annum can remain, leaving
$51 per month gross for/the $3250 cash
I invested: more than 18 per cent on the
money invested; etreet bttumlnizcd. ce-
ment sidewalk, brick foundation, 8-foot
basement: r>orce!ain baths, patent flush
water closets, cement wash trays, new
gas fixtures and plumbing.
BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 25 Post St.
BRANCH Of fle* of ~~
BALDWIN" ft HOWELL,
Corner H Street, and Seventh Avenue,
Fronting Golden Gate Park.
Office open every day, including Sundays and
holidays. Horse and phaeton to ehow property;
splendid line of choice bulldinjr lots In Sunset
District. Parnassus Heights and Richmond.
Terms — $60 to $100 casb.
Property Owner*.
Parties owning property in Richmond and
Sunset districts will find tt to their advantage
to list their property with us, either for sale
or rent. We have an office right on the ground
to facilitate business. Opsn every day In the
year. H »t. and Seventh ave.
CHOICE BUILDING LOTS.
BEST RESIDENCE DISTRICT D>T THE
WESTERN ADDITION.
$$760— Washington st., near Buchanan: 2 lots.
80x127:8^.
$6760— Washington st.. near Buchanan; 2 lots
xl2c»U; Improvements adjacent and'
large space between the property and ad-
joining bouse: to be sold by order of
i trustees.
BALDWIN ft HOWELL. "
' 25 Post st. -
I*ARGE LOTS.
" WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK.
$1700 to $1850.
Have yon seen the Jordan Tract? We are
S^ F i**7 J"* pldly one of the best blocks.
?V 8 '^2^ , J? elng BoXA In exceptionally lares
lots. 83:4x120. at the extremely low prices
mentioned above Terms are one-flfth cash and
the balance In 4 yearly payments of one-flfth
each, with the privilege of payinir faster
Building restrictions have been placed on this
property whtch make It possible for you to
build a home or two flata without being dam-
aged by neighboring buildings. These restric-
tions prohibit the use of the land for stores
coal yards, laundries. »tc. Three-story flats
ar>i also prohibited. .
We have sold 16 lots In this block to people
who will make exceptionally : good Improve-
ments. This Is the only block In the city
where you can buy a large lot where all the
lots are large and all the Improvements good.
This plan has succeeded In all of the large
cities In the East and the -rapid gale of this
land proves that Jt Is in , favor here. Price*
range from $52 50 to $55. a front foot, which
Is extremely low for property so well 8 ituated
Take^our advice and see the land • at once!
It can be reached by the Sacramento and Eddy
st lines besides the Geary and Sutter at. lines.
The new California st. electric road, which
will take the place of the steam dummy wtll
pa»s the property. Make haste and see the
land at once, aa it Is going fast. - -
LYON- ft HOAG,
•.¦"'¦ '? : . : '. 116 Montgomery st.
- - PERKINS ft MASTEN.
* .18 MONTGOMERY STREET.
Some Investments In Flats Yielding Large
Returns. ' ¦
$6,750^-Walter st. . .... ..... .$ 67 50 per month
$7.250— Union St.... 62 50 per month
$8,000 — Frederick st. 67 50 per month
• $!), W)0— Oclavla st ............ 87 50 per month
$10.000^-Lyon sti .............. 82 50 per month
$12,000— Ashbury et.;. ........ 100 00 per month
$13,000— Poet st.:....:......;. 105 00 per month
$14.000 — Cerftralave... ...12O00 per month
$14,.'K)0— Clay st... 115 50 per month
?1S. 500— Sutter st. ....%.;..'...- 150 00 per month
$22.500— Bush st. (corner) . ... 185 00 per month
$35,000— -Webster : st, . (comer) . 305 00 per month
PERKINS ft MASTEN, ::.,..•
; r -A-;' ., ¦ . 18 ; Montgomery st.
FOR ' sale— Cheap ; : neat cottage, - 4 ; rooms > and
bath : ;' large basement ; : term* • same . an rent. :
. Apply, owner. . lumber, yard,' SE. corner Ala-
bama and Montcalm its. -'
REAL ESTATE— CITV— FOR. SALE.
THORNK ft KILPATRICK. 'I ,¦
812 Bush St., near Montgomery.
FLATS.
$23,500 — Six beautiful new corner flats In
neighborhood of Central-ave. entrance to
Presidio; 5 to 9 rooms; all modern im-
provements; large lot.
$7,500 — Guerrero-st. cor.; center of Mission
warm belt; 2 modern flats, 5 and G
sunny rooms and baths; finished base-
ment; rents $720 per year. .
38,500 — Two beautiful sunny bay-window flats,
B and 8 rooms and baths; large I lot,
50x115; house on corner half the lot.
other half in lawn and flower garden; a
beautiful home; will sell house and ons
lot for $6000; north side of 21st st,
near Guerrero.
$10,350 — Three handsome flats, 6 rooms *ach(
all modern improvements; elegant gas
and electrio fixtures of special design;
9 mantels; large finished basement, con-
crete throughout: centrally located;
Haight and Flllmore ct. car lines; rent
$100 per month; offered at low price for
quick sal*.
SPECIAL.
Sal* imperative; make offer; no reserve; 8 new
flats on northeast corner in Western Ad-
dition; 6, 6 and 7 rooms; finished 5
months; magnificent marine view that
- can never be obstructed: $6000 bank
mortgage can remain; Income $122 50.
$10.000— Clayton st. nr. Haight; S flats. 3. «
and 7 rooms; round bay-windows; first
class In every respect; rents $90.
$10,700 — Three flats.- C rooms each; Just fin-
ished; absolutely first class; rents $100;
near Golden Gate Park, north side; $2000
cash, balance 6 per cent.
INVESTMENTS.
$10,900 — Apartment-house. »outh of Market;
guaranteed rents $120 per month; large
lot; pays ox'er 10 per cent net after de-
ducting all expenses, including repairs
and liberal allowance for vacancies.
$80.000— Polk St.; S stores with apartments
above; 60. rooms; lot 64x123; 10-foot con-
crete basement; 8 sidewalk elevators.*
$9,600 — Large comer, 64x105, on Church st.,
facing new Mission park; supsrb view;
sure to Increase greatly In value; cot-
tage of D rooms and bath; proper ad-
ditional Improvements would pay larg*
revenue.
$10,000 — Three-story brick building. Commercial
St.. near Montgomery; will rent for $100.
Beat* St., nr. Mission; 47:10x137:6; suitable for
larg* business building; price on applica-
tion.
$5,800 — Store and flat; corner on Guerrero st.,
in central part of Mission; rent* $570
per year.
HOUSES AND COTTAGES.
$3.100— (Southwest corner Dolores and 80th
sta.; 25x114; oottag* 4 rooms.
SPECIAL.
tS.BOO — Handsome 2-story house ef 10 rooms
and bath; finished basement, heater,
etc.; Page at., near Octavla; lot 27:Cx
120 to rear street. 1®
$3,000 — Twentieth st.. near Castro; fine two-
story house, 9 rooms and bath.
$2.200^ — Xiee cottage, 7 rooms and bath; 25th
St., near Alabama: easy terms can b*
arranged.
$8.800 — Elegant residence. 12 rooms and bath:
reduced from $12,000; must be sold at
once; owner leaving State; McAllister
¦t.. near Steiner.
LOTS.
Northeast corner Geary and Webster sts.:
building lot, level and on grade; suitable
for flats, residences or apartments;
CS:9x82:6: will be sold at very reason-
able fisurc.
Fell «t.. near Steiner; 65x137:6; forced sale;
make offer.
.-- SPECIAL.
$2400 — 89x200 feet, south of Panhandle, near
Waller St.: cheapest lot tn city; forced
sale.
$158 per foot: worth $200 easily; Presidio
Heights; northeast corner: 127:8x91;
streets bitu mini red; marine view.
TO BUILDERS.
Twenty-four full-slsed lots at yonr own price;
P*Jrmount Tract. Sajj Mateo electrio
road.
TTH HAVE
Cottages from $1000 to $M00.
Houses from $4500 to $7600.
Flats from $8600 to 550.000.
Investments from $3600 to $300,000.
Building lots In all parts of the olty.
THORNTO * KILPATRICK,
312 Bush Bt.
SPECK ft CO.. ~
209 MONTGOMERY ST.
(Opposite entrance to Mills building.)
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
. Leasing.
Rents collected. Insurance .
t L?''Zjl "7:6x137:6 FBET CORNER.
$50,000— 137:6 feet; corner Golden Gat* avt.:
substantial improvements; always
rented; $30,000 mortgage at 5H per cent
per annum can remain; selling on ac-
count of owner's departure for Europe;
reasonable offer entertained.
NEAR KEARXY AND BUSH.
$45,000— Brick building; stores and three floors
..«- above; lot 85 feet frontage; rents J2B5.
$22.000 — Bush st., near Taylor; good Improve-
ments; lot 41x137:6 feet: well leased:
bank mortgage $15,000 can remain.
SUTTER-ST. BARGAIN.
$26.000 — Sutter sU. near Leavenworth: north
Ride; good 8-story Improvements; !ot
27:0x137:6; rents $130; rents can be in-
creased: no reasonable offer refused.
MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE.
$25,000 — 17 rooms and bath: elegantly finished
and hardwood throughout; panoramic
. view; lot 35x137:6 feet.
PINE-ST. SNAP.
$10,500— Reduced from $14,000; Pine tt., near
Mason; lot 28x137:6 fett; 8-story build-
Inr.
$.105 MONTHLY INCOME.
$5,000 cash only; $7500 balance bank m&rt-
s^K-e can remain: 3 modern flats. 6-7-7
rooms and baths; lot 26x84 feet; rents
$105. . ¦
POST-ST. BARGAIN.
$18,500— Lot 62:6x124 feet; 2 frontages; east
of Fillmore et.: Improvements In flrst-
class order: rents $140; bank mortgage
of $10,000 can remain.
FINE INVESTMENT.
$13,000 — Rent $130; «;ood flats; -vicinity Van
Ness and Grove; lot 27:6x120 feet; this
bargain is hard to beat.
$18,500— Modern flats near Flllmore and Wal-
ler; rents $122; lot 50 foe t frontage
BUSINESS CORNER.
$8>600 — Two stores and 4 flats; comer north
of Market St.; 43:6 frontage; yearly
rents f»66: paring 11% per cent.
BIG INTEREST PAYING F-LATS
$23.000 — Corner. Western Addition; rents $230;
lot 37:6xS5; splendid new building.
$22,500— One-half block from Market st; rents
$171; flne Improvements; lot 75x1 00
$l a ,«00— Annual rents $2185; Golden On.te
Park: modern bay-window flats: lot
80x187:6-.
518.390 — Rents %1440 yearly; 4 new flats near
Park ¦ Panhandle: lot 87:6x112:6.
SPECK ft CO., 209 Montgomery st.
R. D. CRANSTON & SONS, '
1M Montgomery Street 114
$17,780 — A bargain on Howard street, well In;
¦tore and 26 rooms; splendid building.
J. few years old, could not duplicate for
$12,000; rent $110.
13,000— Waller-street corner lot, «2:8 z 100*
long side to sun.
918.600— Business property and flats near Mo-
Alllster and Fran Vila tta.j actual rents
1 $1500 a year. ,
$9.250 — Rented for $21 a month; improved
property on the site of . the proposed
Mission Park: lot 60x114.
tlS.OOO— Three flne new circular bay-window
flatt in the Park Panhandle district;
rents $110.
$10. BOO— Near the Falrmount Hotel: 48 foot
frontage and two substantial 10-room
houses; well rented; can be Improved
at $1000 expense and pay $120; north
side of street on a car line. "^
$7000— CHOTCE Western Addition home cheap;
Buchanan and Post its.
$3000— Fine lot on Belvedere st., near Waller;
make offer.
$7000 — Choice bargain In Western Addition flat*;
Sacramento St., near Cherry: wall rented;
rents $750 per y*ar; this is a flne chance.
$3500 — Mission home on Eureka at., near 20th;
6 rooms and bath.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery si
CORNER FOR SALE— Lot 61x100..... .$7500. !
Northaast Harrison and 12th sts.; barn,
. .stable for 14 horses; shed; 2 vacant lots: !
good office building on corner; excellent for
business or flats; title guaranteed; If It suits, ;
submit offer. JULIEN SMITH,
Real Estate Agent. 420 Montgomery at.
CORNER LOT ~ " ." ¦¦*-¦¦¦.¦:.- ' ' ' i
FOR SALE— :*W •¦"¦? '
Southwest corner Castro and 25th; 80x80; '
$2050; please see and make offer; we want to 1
sell. JULIEN SMITH. Real Estate Agent. 1
420 Montgomery st.
$8r>00— JESSIE St.; 8 flats: renta $82; can get ,
$100; a snap.
$9000— Page st.; 'modern 8-room house; fine
location.
$3400— Liberty st, " near Guerrero; ;' 50x114;
very desirable and cheap.
$800 — Diamond st.: 2 lots. 60x100, near cars;
a good buy. • . . •
$3600— Modern 2-story house, : 7 rooms, bath ;
large basement; 20x125; Mission warm belt.
$1800 — 2 cottages, 4 rooms each; ' 6 lots;
block from Mission street; snap. ,
$3000 — Block from Mission st.: 7 rooms, bath; ;
large basement; flne cottage, . first-class finish. ;
BUSH-HEDEMARK CO.. 11 Montgomery st. j
CHEAP— 1696, 1700, 1702 San Jo»e ave.;, Tn- !
stallment houses; Guerrero-street cars pass !
door; look at perfect construction. !
IF you want a hous* ~ or lot ¦ In the city or
across the bay In Berkeley Oakland or Ala-
rneda call on ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 Call- '
fornla st. HHWVTilli ifil illlLlMinBfWIll '
" 1
$400— NICE level lot in Mission; ready to build
on; .'2x123; view; forced sale. W. J. WHITE,
2U Montgomery St., ' t room .6. : .'
REAL ESTATE CITT— FOR SALE.
NOTWITHSTANDING FALSE RUM0R3
ARE NOT YET ALL BOLD/
TTOTT CJl^J fiTII H* BT.JY ' *** '•"'¦
¦ / — ' '¦ " : /
FROM US
Beautiful lots, ready for building; right in
the city. Five-cent car fare.
$125.
$12.V
$125.
NOTHING DOWN.
' v NOTHING DOWN;
$1 PER WEEK $1
$1 PER WEEK $1
$1 PER WEEK $1_
\
This is Ilk* giving away property. Worth
four times tb* amount asked.
Water pipes in front of each lot. See> prop-
erty to-day. It is one of the prettiest spots in
Ban Francisco.
Take Kentucky-st. car at Third and Market
to the Reia Tract, cornering on Railroad ave.
and San Bruno road. Stay en car until you
reach our office. Two hundred houses to be
butts fin th* tract before fall. Every one that
visits the tract buys. DON'T GET- LEFT.
Agent on the ground every afternoon and all
day Sunday.
REIS TRACT REAL ESTATE CO.,
REIS TRACT REAL ESTATE CO..
REIS TRACT REAL ESTATE CO..
REIS TRACT REAL ESTATE CO.,
REIS TRACT REAL ESTATE CO.,
620 Parrott Building. Downtown Office.
Over Emporium. Open Evenings.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEB & CO..
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$8,000 — Bush St.. north side, near Octavla:
residence, 0 rooms and bath;, lot 25x120
feet to rear street.
I1C, 000 — Bryant-st. cor., near Third: store and
fiat above rents $33; lot 50x75 feet.
$24,500 — Post St.. near Leavenworth- flne sub-
stantial improvements; rents $135; large
lot, 50 feet front; building should be
raised and stores put under; would pay
large return.
$10.000— McAllister »t.; S new flats: pay 10
per cent: 6 rooms and bath each; lot
25x100 feet.
$40,000 — O'Farrell-st. corner; near town: 3
frontages: Improvements. 3-story frame;
rents $180 per month.
$11.000 — Jackson-st. residence of 11 rooms and
bath: modern in every way; lot 25x
127 :8*i feet.
$21,250 — Jackson-st. corner. Presidio Heights;
elegant modern residence of 11 rooms, 2
- baths; first floor, library, double parlors.
dining-room, beamed - celling, paneled
oak, hardwood floors, etc.; 4 bedrooms
and 2 bfdrooms in attic; lot 37:6x127:811
feet; grand .marine view.
$5,750 — Clay St.. hear Webster; residence of 8
rooms and bath; lot 25x102 :4% feet; lot
Is situate on a corner of a public alley;
light and sun on three sides.
18,280 each — Filbert st., near Scott: magnlfl-
' - cent marine view; lots 27:6x137:0 feet
each, ajid comer 55x137:6 feet.
$7,500 — Jackson near Central _ave. ; grand key
lot. 60x127:8% feet; ready to build on.
$10,500 — Hyde st., near Sutter; flne residence
of 10 rooms and bath; rents for $50 a
month.
$17,000— Second-st. corner, near Harrison; 70x
95 feet: flne site for factory or ware-
house purposes.
$16.000— PRICE REDUCED.
Van Ness ave., east line between Padflo
ft. and Broadway- grand key lot for
apartment-house; 45: 10x137: 6 feet.
Get a copy of our printed list ot properties
for sale.
* BHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO.,
( . Real Estate Agents.
218-220 Montgomery st.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANT
410 MONTGOMERY ST.,
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
IN SUBSTANCE. A POLICY IN THE CALI-
FORNIA TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST
COMPANY is a binding agreement under which
the company agrees to defend, at its own ex-
pense, all litigation directed against the title
insured by It, and if attacked successfully it
will pay the parties guaranteed the amount of
the loss up to the full sum Insured.
TITLE INSURANCE FACILITATES all
transactions In real estate; it has supplanted
the old-fashioned method of relying on certifi-
cates of title or mere opinions, neither of which
guarantees anything or promises to make good
any loss. It has become as necessary to the
business world as the telephone, electricity or
any of the modern Inventions of the age.
THE ONLY BAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or copy of the real estate records,
constructed especially for Insuring real estate
titles like modern plants of New Tork. Boston.
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
regular trust company business transacted un-
der State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R BISHOP.
Vice President Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of Balfour, Guthrie tt Co.
HENRY U DAVIS.
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTH AL, -
Manager Anglo-Callfornlan Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney. & Olney. Attorneys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE. ; .
Page, McCutchen & Knight. Atty'e.
A T* BPOTTS * * f"
¦ ' ' Mgr. Cal. Title In«. and Trust Co.
JOHN a'SFBlH^^ KQ CaIlfornla , t .
HAWKS & SKELTON*,
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property. - •'""'TjiiWiiy*- tgpf
$13 500— Fine house; Leavenworth, near Clay;
' 9 rooms and bath; laundry In basement;
building In first-class condition; view of
Golden Gate from rear.
$7 350— Marine view lot; Hyde St.. near Chest-
nut: 36:8x110; very fine view assured;
new-.building each side of it; on Hyde-
st. car line.
' $5 000— Lot southwest corner Larkin and Lom-
bard sts..- .25xlC5; flne marine view
. .'. from every window; choice location for
home or flats.
$7,000 — Octavia st.. near Broadway; good
- house of 7 rooms and bath; flne view of
bay from front and rear; bare lot Is
worth the price; 25x137.
' $5,750— NW. cor. Douslass and 2Sth sts. : a
good Investment;: 23 lots for only $250
each. --:.-.» ...
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery. st.
ELEGANT residence, 2127 Green st. - near
Scott; grand marine^ view;. 10 rooms; entrances
on 'two street*. • ¦¦ ' - .
¦ Lobos . st.. ocean view,' 4-room cottage: lot
26x125; $900. i$100 cash, balance $9 60 per
month. "¦ ¦ ' ¦:¦¦'¦¦¦ - • . . ¦
10 Flood ave.. ¦ Sunnyslde, 4-room cottage"
$1325; small casb payment, balance same as
rent. . ¦ • • - ¦ - ¦
W. N. : RUSSELL,
301 California st., San Francisco., Cal.
$5750— FOR sale; only I left. 3 sold in last few
weeks; 8 rooms, bath and finished banement-
beautifully finished: 160 Sixth ave., east side
bet. Lake and California sts.; Turk and Kddv
«t« cars pass door; see • this at once.
•„¦• HALLETT& GEE.
jOKir x>. srRECir.Er.s. Proprietor.
7c r dIESS CcmEEllCallO^lflToHS KCKAOGHT, K3E22ST
\V. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TES DOLLARS REWARD.
Notify The Call Office if You Miss
Yonr l»aj»er.
tt for asy cause THS CALL is sot de-
livered regularly to smbexriben 1 plea«e
coll up "CAXIi CZCEABGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk la chaxjre. Tour com-
Olalnt will receive prompt attention.
A Gtandlne reward of Tea Bollara
( £10.00) la offered for the arrert aad
conviction of any one caurht «tealia»;
TME CALL.
TELEPHONE.
Ask tor THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You With.
Publication Office Market and Thlrfl. 8. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 Stevenson «t-
XVllvered fcy Carriere. 20 Ct*. Per 3J***- n
Ct*. Ptr Month. Single Copies S 0 ??'*^..,,,
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Ca«h WitB
Or£cr) i mm A*
DAILY CALL Ondud. Sunday). 1 yea*. ••**.}»
DAILY CALL (Indud. Sunday). « mo*.... *^»
DAILY CALL— By Blngle Month «»?
F1TCDAT CALL. 1 Year *•*• ,
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECETTE SCBSCRIPTTONS.
Cample Copies will b» forwarded wb*a re-
quested.
Maa eubecrtbers in ordering change ef *4-
e'reas ehould be particular to give both NEW
AKD OLD ADDRESS in order to lnsur* a
protrrt aae correct compUaoc* with their r*~
BBssa,
OAXLA20 omCBt _.
Hie »restaway Telephone Mats IMS
BJSRKELET OTTTCE: "'
HU Ossrfar Street Telephone Xortk 7T
WA«gmOTO?r CORRESPONDENT:
AaKCTEL w. WALZ. Hot*! Bartoa
KTW YORK NEWS STANDS:
WaMorx-Aatoria Hotel; A. Brentane, SI
Cnioe Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Flfta-av*-
Due Hotel asd HeSmao Koua*.
CHICAGO ICEWB STANDS:
CberaaB House; P. O. News Co.; Great
IVorfbern Hotel; Trentont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO RErRESETTTATTVE:
C. GEORGE KROONESS..Marquette Building
(Long Distance Tdephoat*. "Central 2«1».")
KBTF YORK REPM5SENTATT V JC
¦TEPHEN B. SMITH «0 Trtbua* BuHdlng
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON Herald Square
CUSnTESS OFFICE of the, Saa Francteoo
Call corner Market and Third stre*te; open
u&m 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
SOOtt Market etreet, opposite Fifth; opea until
II p. m.
C27 Montgomery street comer Clay; open
until P:C? p m.
tOO Hayes street; opea csttl *:S0 p. m.
*39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. ra.
*ir. Larkin etreet; open uatU «:S0 p. m.
3M1 Mission etre«t: open until 10 p. m.
S76I Market street, corner Sixteenth; eeesj
until & p. m.
]06 Eleventh etreet; open until I p. b.
I0&6 Vaicnola *troet; op*a until 9 p. m.
I^ortheoet corner Church aad Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty- meond aad Ktn-
tucky streets: open until S p. m.
7200 Flllmore street; open until » p. m.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEA XTSQ TOWN
FOR THE SC3OIER.
CALL subscribers cotitemplattmr a
chaacre of residence during- tae noamer
months caa have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notify- J
lar THE CALX XaslaesB OSce. This
caper wlU also be on sale at all summer
resorts aad is represented by a local
agent la all towns on the coast.
REAL ESTATE CITY .FOR SALE.
C M. WOOSTER CO., 6*6 MARKET ST.
S10&.0C0 — TSxlSO to rear street; 2 block* from
Bt. Francis Hotel, bet. Oeery and Market etc.
SCI .000 — Stores and 4 flats on Hayes at., near
Franklin; let 30x120 to rear etreet; rent* lew
lor S16S2. The lot alone 1b worth tbe asking
price.
$16.600— Rents 5'itSO; 3 elegant sew modern
flats. "-*¦? rooms and bath; complete in all the
latest derail*; on Van Ness ave; large lot.
SOxlOS.
JL5.600— Lot 20x90; on Steuart etr**t. be-
tween Market and Jii-slcn.
$12,500— Renta $1320; 3 new moflern flats on
Ashbury et.. near Hsight; lot 26xl£3.
$10.000— Always rented for S12&0; 8 flata in
excellent condition; near Taylor and Pacific;
lot 78x80.
PAYS $W0 NOW.
SHOULD BRINO EASILY $1000 PER ANNUM.
KEY LOT FROM FOURTH ST.
C modern Slats: good plumbing; brick founda-
tion; high basement, etc. : lot 24x90; north side
•f Nttoma ct.: price $7000; a ooat of paint
«-oul« make this property eell for $9000.
A BEAVTTFCL HOME.
$S&00 — Residence, 7 rooms and bath; on 9th
eve.. Bear California et.; high basement; brick
fouBdatlon. etc.; lot 25x120.
<37OO— Uodern oottacre, 6 roomi aaa bath;
Kgh baaement; lot SSxXOo; Hampshire at., near
TTw-aotletto.
AT ACCTIOX.
AT AUCTION.
TA3UO AXTO PALO AI.TO
PALO A2/TO PALO ALTO
PALO ALTO.
I PALO ALTO.
CA.TC1CDAY. May 7. ltttt.
SATURDAY. May 7, 1004.
We will nil at- public auction SM larg*
handsomely wooded villa lots at Palo Alto at
1 o'clock p. m.. promptly. Saturday. May 7.
lSfH, on premises, amidst the handsome oaJcs,
Immediately facing the Stanford University
a-rounds. This i« the Dearest residence prop-
erty to the great Stanford University, and it
1s absolutely matchless in point of natural
beauty and desirability. Tbe most beautiful
suburban property ever offered at auction tn
California, end Pale Alto Is the jewel city of
th* State.
A •ptcl«J exoarsJos train ha* bean <*harter«d
f*r th* oeeauston. It will leave Third and
Trrwnmmn& depot, San Francisco, at 10:18 a. m
Saturday, May ., 19C*.
Round trip tlokets from San Francisco $1 00,
and from Ban Jose 79 oenta. A free lunch
wtU be served on the grounds, following a
eriv* through tb« Stanford University grounds
aae Pal* Alto. Large lota, SOxlAO and 50x200
*»v*ral handsome live oaJc tr*«* pecnllar to
that pretty city on nearly every lot.
Only on* hour from Pan Frandsoo sow, and
as soon as &«w out-off Is completea time will
b« reduced to 49 minutes.
B. OBTZ. Room 7*. CbroaleU Bldg.
OWNER AXD DEALER.
NEW BLOCK on tb* OCEAN BEACH.
STREETS GRADED.
Lots Zjevel on tb* Grade to Build Upon.
Superb View of the Ocean.
Easy Monthly Installments.. Perfect Bargains
$60 to 940— Ooeaa Height* aae boulevard lota.
$350 to 1500— lstb-avc. boulevard lots-
graded.
$250 to J1200— Runm ana Richmond lets-
nil block facing Spreckel* Lake a&d new
Park epeed track; easy payments.
Jlf.O up— Exoelsior Homestead lota; Jerri on
grade; city water; Mlnsion-et. cars.
$7R to $100— Ocean View level loU; streets
graded; city water; name your own payments.
$1000 to $5000 — Modern houses and cottage*
In all districts on very easy installments.
Call at My Office, Room 22, Second Floor,
Chronicle Building.
NELSOX. JOHNSON fc CO..
205 Montgomery st., opp. Mills bldg.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
Foreclosure. Probate and Forced Sales of All
Kind* will be Found in Our
UP-TO-DATE BUYERS" GUIDE.
An Illustrated monthly catalogue, containing
a carefully sel«»cted list of cheapest properties
offered on the market In every location. Send
us your address and we will mail you one.
NELSOX. JOHNSON A CO..
203 Montgomery et.. opp. Mills bldg.
INCOME property; couth of Market and China-
town; borne* Richmond, Sunset. MlcEion dis-
tricts; printed list city and country property;
exchanges. W. J. White, 26 Montgomery, r.5.
WANTED— A buyer for cottage in city; all
: improvements: easy terms; price $1800; no
« gents. Cox 1CS1, Call otflce.
FOR eale — Modern cottage, S room* and bath.
4046 Nineteenth *X.
! HUM. KSTATB CITV — FOR SALE.
1 G. H. UMBSEN & CO. 20 Montgomery st.
: AUCTION
i AUCTION
1 AUCT.I6N
i AUCTION
i AUCTION .
1 AUCTION
Of residence. Investment and unimproved
properties will be held at our salesroom. Mon-
day. April 25 1904. at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE SALE.
The three following properties must be sold.
No increased bid can be offered in court after
thi* eale:
No. 1.
S20 Capp st. east line, near 18th; a good 2-
story residence of 9 rooms and bath; rent $35
per month; lot 20x122:6.
No. 2.
Conn, Precita and Bernal aves.; large bold-
ing; 160x240; 3 frontages.
No. 3.
ALAMEDA COUNTY RANCH.
* The following ranch, located 4 miles north-
east of Llvermore, consists of 385 acres, being
portion of eectiens 3 and 4, Township 3 South,
P.ange 3 East. M. D. B. ft M.; also the right
I ot tray 25 feet wide over the road as at pres-
ent traveled from the northerly line of the
I above described property to . the county road
near scbooIhouRe on the northerly portion of
said section.
CHOICE ELLIS-ST. FLA1S.
IS10 Ellis st. north line, near Laguna; 2
modern Cats of 6-7 rooms and bath each, with
high basement which could readily be con-
verted into another flat: present rents $60 per
month: lot 25x120; 2 frontages; bank mort-
gage $5000 at « per cent can remain.
TAYLOR-6T. FLATS.
1120-22 Taylor et., east line, near Sacra-
rr.rnto; 2 modern flats of 6-7 rooms and bath
each; rents $75 per month; lot 22:9x80; these
flat* are nicely located, being only 1 block
from the new Fairmont Hotel.
PLEASANT-ST. FLATS.
79-81 Pleasant St.. between Taylor and
Jooes, Sacramento and Clay; 2 desirable flats
of 6-7 rooms and bath each; rented low at
$53 per month; lot 23:6xC0.
FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1218-17 Folfcm sc, near 8th; 2 stores and
flats of 6 rooms and bath; rented low at $10
per month; lot 26x90.
CHOICE UNION-ST. RESIDENCE.
22S7 Union st, near Flllmore; a newly built
colonial residence of 10 rooms and btth. hand-
somely finished In hardwood, reception hall.
etc; 23x187:6.
WALLER- ST. FLATS.
71T-1S Waller ct, near Scott: 2 flats ef 6-t ,
rooms and bath each; ranted low at $38 per
month; lot SOxllO; nicely located and com-
aaadlng a view.
DEVISADEItO-ST. FLATS.
SOS-SH Devisadero Bt, near Page; 2 flats of
6 rooms each; at a small outlay the lower flat
could be converted into a store, making this
a desirable folding; lot 22x107:6.
MISSION COTTAGE.
2650 Harrison St., Bear 22d; cottage ef 6
rooms and bath; rent $25 per month; large lot,
60x322:6.
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
NTT. corner of Jersey and Vicksburg *ts.,
between 24th and- 25th. Church and Sanches;
store, 2 rooms and flat of 5 rooms and bath;
rented low at $20 per month; lot 25x100.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
at our office.
O. H. UMBSEN ft CO.,
20 MONTGOMERY ET.
G. H. CMBSEN ft CO..
Real Estate and Auctioneers.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
AND EXCURSION.
SAN MATEO HEIGHTS.
San Mateo. Cal.
TRE CREAM OF SAN MATEO PROPERTY.
SATURDAY. APRIL 30. 1904.
at 1:3* p. m., on the Premises,
160 LARGE LOTS 160 LARGE LOTS
THE MOST IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
OF THE SEASON OF VACANT
PROPERTY IN SAN
MATEO.
This is beyond question the most desirable
beoauae of its accessibility, natural beauty
and surroundings. In addition to this every
lot has water piped to It and sewer connec-
tion*. As the land Is high the natural drain-
age la Berfect.
The ELECTRIC CARS run through the
center of the property on Ban Mateo drive.
It is equally accessible from either San
Mateo er Burilngame R. R. stations. When
theae. lots are sold there will never again
be an opportunity to purchase anything In
Ean Mateo as desirable or at «uch prices.
Tbere is a constant and Increasing demand
tor residence property all down the peninsula
as far as San Jose. When the Southern Pa-
cific have finished their out-off (now build-
leg), San Mateo will be but 14 miles from
San Francisco, and the rapidly Increasing
population will be affective in procuring fast-
; er and more frequent train and trolley ser-
vice, which even now Is wonderfully good.
Leave the noise, dirt and confusion of the
city behind and receive In exchange fresh
atr, brighter Eunshlne and the delight* and
freedom ©f the country.
W* ahall also offer for eale to the highest
bidder
THREE 6-ROOM COTTAGES. WITH BATH
AND CELLARS.
THREE e-ROOM COTTAGES. WITH BATH
AND CELLARS.
New Building, to be Completed by May 1.
TERMS — One-quarter cash, balance 1 2
and 3 year*, with interest at 0 per cent, pay-
able scml-ansnally. ,Ten per cent to be paid
at time of purchase to be allowed on the
quarter or first payment An abstract of title
furnished each buyer.
A SPECIAL FIRST-CLASS EXCURSION
TRAIN will leave Third and Townsend sts.
at 11 o'clock a. m.. ~
8ATUTID AT. APRIL SO. 1904.
69 Cent*— ROUND-TRIP TICKET— CO Cent*
Returning, leaves San Mateo at 6 o'clock
p. tn. Tickets good on all trains stopping at
Esn Mateo during afternoon and evening.
Lunch wtll be eerved on the grounds.
Excursion train will not stop at Valencia
¦treat
EXCURSION TICKETS ran be had at thfe
office of the Southern Pacific Company under
the Grand Hotel on and after April 25, and
at depot. Third and Townsend streets, up to
time of departure of train — 11 a. m.
For maps and general information Inquire of
O. H. UMBSEN ft CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST..
San Francisco, Cal.
O. H. UMBSEN ft CO.. 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
$62,600 — Corner on Larkin St.: rents $5000 per
annum; und»r lease for S years; large lot.
$32.000 — VaJencla-st. business propertr; one of
the best blocks; rents $2400 per annum;
lot 75x87:6; 4 stores and 4 flats.
S27.600 — Rents $2760 per annum; 6 elepant new
modern Park Panhandle fiats; 50x137 :«.
•29.000 — 8 handsome corner flata with marine
view; S rooms and bath each; finished
attiu and high basement finished; rents
$2280 pe- annum; Pacific Heights.
$21,000 — Business property on Third et, a
short dletanc* from Market et; build-
ings of little value; good holding to Im-
prove.
$18.600 — Rent* $1SCO per annum; 8 elegant
modern flats, 9-8-8 rooms and bath
each; large lot 27:6x112:6.
$16,0ee— Rents $15S0 per annum; marine new;
8 elegant new modern flats, 8 rooms
and bath each; large lot. 82x128:9; In-
sld* of Larkin st
$18.6O&— Rents $1380 per annum; 8 elegant new
modern flata, 8-7-7 room* and bath
eaoh: very sunny; lot 26x112:6.
$12.800 — Rests $1140 per annum; near City
Hall; 8 flats and cottage; let 25x120; 2
frontages.
$12,000— Rents $1248 per annum; business cor-
ner; Mission warm belt; stores, flats and
cottages: let 60x104.
$11,000 — Renta $1200 per annum; Oak st., ad-
joining 6E. cor. Maaonlo ave.. facing
park; 8 elegant modern flata just fin-
ished; 23x100.
$9.000— Rents $8S2 per annum: Oak Bt; 8
nice bay-window flats, 7-6-6 rooms and.
bath each; 25x187:8.
$S.OtO — Rented low at $840 per annum; 3
new flats. 8-5-« rooms and bath; 23x106;
No* *t
$7,600 — Rented lew at $660 p*r annum; FIll-
mort tt; 2 nice bay-window flats;
brick foundation, etc; 23x110.
%t, COO — Cory park home; house. 8 rooms aad
bath; 23x100.
$6,280 — Rents $600 per annum; corner on La-
guna *t ; 2 flats, 6-7 room* an* bath
each: bank mortgag* $4000 can remain;
lot 28x87:6.%
$5,0©t — Price r«duced: a snap; FcIiom-tU
house and 2 flats; rents $51* per annum;
SUM,
$t,eoo — Rents $CS8 per annum; ShetweU st;
8 bay-window flats, 4-5-6 rooms and
bath each; lot 26x127:8.
H.O00— Cory Mission home; cottar* ' of 5
rooms and bath, laundry, etc.; lot 8i
xl22:6.
$3.000— No. 209 Chattanooga st; renttd low
at $300 per annum; 2 flats, 6-4 rooms
and bath each; key lot, 25:6x117:1.
$2,«00— Mission warm belt; cozy bay-window
cottage, 8 rooms and bath each; brick
foundation, in perfect order; 27x114.
For further particulars of the above, and
for the Real Eetate Record, containing a list
of properties for sale In all part* of the city,
Inquire at our office, . .
G. H. UMBSEN ft CO.,
20 Montgomery «t.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny building lots close to Du-
boce Park; bltu mini red streets; lots level and
ready to build on: a rare chance to obtain a
holdirg. admirably situated and close to the
city, at a very reasonable price; diagram,
price and all further particulars at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN ft CO.,
20 Montgomery st
F.'al Ifetate Agents and Auctioneers.
~~ $5 PER MONTH.
Investigate the city of Richmond, where the
Standard Oil Company, Santa Fe Railroad
Company, Southern Paejflc Railroad Company
and numerous manufacturing plants are at
work. Lots sure to increase in value. All
level. - Mao*, free.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY,
Crocker Building. S. F.
BARGAIN IN LARKIN -ST. PROPERTY.
Business property; beat block on Larkin st *
modern 3-6tory building; stores and flate-
rent nearly $200; large frontage; a decided
bargain: price $28,000. BOVEE TOY ft CO
117 Montgomery - st.
I3T.00 — A BARGAIN; 6-room cottage; lot 31x
122 ',i; north, side Howard st. near Nine-
teenth. C. H. RANDALL, owner, Dimond
UEAX. ESTATE— CITY— -FOR BAXB.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE ft CO.. .^ „„
638 MARKET ST.
; AUCTION. \i
. ' . ., AUCTION. • ,
TUESDAY...;...^ C^^:aPRIL 26. 1-04.
At Our Salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon.
LEAVENWORTH-ST. . FLATS.
- Nos. 1220-1220A Leavenworth st. between
Sacramento and Clay; two beautiful flats of
S-fl rooms and baths, renting for $62 60 per
month; lot 25x100. . . 1 ., -
- ¦ BRODERICK-ST. RESIDENCE.
Broderick st , near Jack*on ; lot 27 :8 •*
xll2:6; beautiful 2- story residence, containing
8 rooms and bath; renting for $55 per month.
-¦; CALIFORNIA- ST. BUILDING LOT.
_ North line of California st»; 75 feet west of
Seventeenth ave.; lot 25x100; this lot Is beau-
tifully situated and commands an unsurpassed
marine view; level and ready for building; cars
pass door. . . - .
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT. •
Northerly line of Jackson st. 180 feet west
of Maple; lot 50x120 feet; this magnificent
Property is situated along the Presidio wall and
commands a superb marine view; a delightful
locality for a residence. .
GREENWICH- ST. INVESTMENT. .-,•':
South line of Greenwich st 248:6 west of
Scott; Nos. 2555-2555%; two-story frame ten-
ement house of 4-5 rooms and bath each; rents
»20 per month; large lot. 70x86:8%; mortgage
of $1500 • . ~U; ¦'¦¦!¦ : . ¦
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT. : r
No. 21 Joyce 8t, between Powell and Stock-
ton. Pine and California; lot 22x77 feet; 2-
story residence of 7 rooms and bath: perma-
nently rented; this Is a valuable holding.
ADMINISTRATES SALE.
No l; ; ' • \
Building lot easterly line of Douglass st,
250 feet south of Twentieth; 60x130 feet.
No. 2.
Building lot, northerly lin* of Cumberland
st. 205 feet west of Sanchez; 50x114 feet
¦ MISSION COTTAGE.
27 Ford St.. east of Noe; magnificent cot-
tage of 7 rooms and bath; sun in every room;
would easily rent for $30 per month.
DEVISADERO- ST. BUILDING LOT.
Westerly Mne of Devisadero st. 84:8 north
of Thirteenth; lot 25x125 feet; this lot being
situated so as to command a magnificent view
of the entire city.
For further particulars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE ft CO.,
638 Market st
EASTON, ELDRIDGE ft CO.
•-M «™ 63S Market st
$41,000 — Business corner on Post «t; 8 large
stores and 4 elegant flats of 6-7-8-9 rooms and
porcelain bath; gas grates and wooden man-
tels; rents $270 per month; could stand larg*
increase. ..
$20,000— Montgomery ave.; 60-foot frontage;
finest business location to be had
$18,500—3 brand-new flats of 7-8 rooms and
• f«j? : ./. on Sa c ra niento et. near Steiner; rents
$102 60 per month; under lease; do not fall
to Investigate. '
$18,000— 75 -foot frontage; on Jackson St.
near Buchanan; will sell either 50 or 25 feet
at game ratio; most -desirable site for either
residence or flats.
516,500— North line of McAllister St.. near
fatelner; 3 brand-new flats, renting for $130
per month; . rooms and bath each: modern In
every respect; perfect beauties; light and sun;
moT\ge.ge of $7000 can remain.
$16.000— Business corner on Devisadero st ;
2 stores and flat; rented for grocery and dry
goods store; large area of ground; fronted on
street unoccupied; small flats could be erected
•T«°&« mak!n S ? Rood paying Investment.
$16,000— Northwest corner of California st,
Inside of Webster; 53 foot frontage, with im-
provements thereon; 3 elegant 2- story houses
or 8 rooms and bath each; rent very low at
$115 per month; this rent could be Increased
to $145 without the loss of a single tenant.
$14,500— Steiner st. near Geary 3 of the
handnomest flats in the Western Addition;
brand new; a revelation in architecture; 3
nrst-class tenants; under lease; renta $112 50
per month; $6000 mortgage at 6 per cent
810,260— Devisadero st.; business property;
through to rear street; large store, with 4 liv-
ing rooms and flat of 9 rooms; rent very low
at $80 per month.
$10.000 — Jackson-st corner; small street,
close to Powell; 2 flats of 6-6 rooms and bath-
rent $90 per month.
$10.000— Broderick St.; 2 flats of 5-6 rooms;
rear house of 7 rooms and bath; rents $70 per
month. t -
$9750—3 modern flats of 4-8-6 rooms and
bath; renta $73 per month.
$8500—2 flats on Fulton st, near Alamo
Square; lower flat of 5 rooms and bath- upper
flat of 0 rooms and store room on porch* rent
$65 per month.
$8600—3 new flats of' 6 rooms and bath each'
renting for $78 50 per month; a bargain for
the money. ,:
$S0OO— 2 modern flats of 6-7 rooms- up to
date In every respect: 8 block* from th* Park
Panhandle: marble steps; sun In every room-
rent $65 per month.
$7500— Grove at., near Webster; lot rune
through to rear street: elegant 2- story house
of 8 rooms and bath; could easily be changed
Into flats; small houses erected in the rear
street could bo made so as to pay handsomely.
$0150— Post et.. near Webster; 2 nice little
flats of 4-5 rooms; rents very -low at $46 per
month.
$6160— Rents $56 per month; 8 flata of 4-4-5
rooms and bath; on Webster st
, $5600 — Folsom st, near 7th; 2 flats, renting
for $30 per month.
$4800 — Reduced; owner must sacrifice 88-foot
lot on Guerrero et, near ISth, with 8-room
residence thereon.
$4600— Devisadero st, near Geary; email
cottage; lot 28 foot frontage; lot alons easily
worth $5000.
$4000— Sycamore ave.. near Valencia ef 2
flats; rents $30 per month; *
$3600— O'Farrell et: oottag*. 4 rooms and
bath and laundry; high-basement; no reason-
able offer refused.
$3600— Broderick st; dwelling containing 6
rooms and bath; rented for $30 per month-
could easily be Improved at alight expense so
as to pay a good revenue.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANT
613 CALIFORNIA* ST.
FOLSOM-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$16,000—60x80; Folsom st, near 6th; Im-
provements consist of 2 stores and * flats, rent-
ing for $112 per month.
LARGE MARKET-ST. LOT.
$82,500 — 113 feet on Market by 127 on Church-
adapted for either' stores or flats.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS CORNER LOT
$4000— 34:lxS0:10; corner Sacramento and
Cherry; splendid location for home.
NEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS. -
$2C».000 — A corner on Gough st, in Pacific
Heights district; 6 new flats, renting for $202 60
per month.
DIAMOND-ST. COTTAGE.
$2000—23x125; Diamond st., near 18th; cot-
tage, with stable.
CORNER WALLER AND BELVEDERE
$4500—25x108:6; southeast corner Waller and
Belvedere; good site for home or flats.
FELL-ST. HOME.
$6280— Fell st, near Buchanan; substantial
house of 9 rooms and bath. ¦
PINE-ST. FLATS.
$12,600— Pine, near Fillmore; 25x100 feet; 8
new flats, renting for $105 per month.
NEW BRODERICK-ST. FLATS
$9750—30x103; Broderick st. near Green; 2
splendidly constructed new flats; marine view-
renting for $75 per month. ¦/
DEV IS ADERO-ST. FLATS.
$12.800 — 25xS0:ll; Devisadero st, near Turk;
8 new flats, renting for $100 per month.
• BOARDM AN- PLACE INVESTMENT.
$3750 — Boardman place, near Bryant St.; Im-
provements consist of 3 flats and stable, rent- *
Ing for $42 per month.
CHEAP ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOT.
$1650 — 26x137:6; an unsurpassed line .of lots
on either Clayton or Carl sts. ; only a " few
more left In this block; cars pass property.
WEBSTER-ST. HOME.
$6000 — Webster, near Jackson; substantially
constructed house of 7 rooms and bath.
McAFEE BROTHERS. . ~~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
108 Montgomery st.
Phone Main 78.
$8.600 — Two modern flats, 6 and 7 rooms; Clay
st.. near Baker; lot 25x127:8% ft; rents
$75. •¦..¦¦• ¦". \ . ¦ ' -¦,--•;•;;¦
$7.500 — Two modern flats, 6 and 6 rooms; near
• Golden Gate Park; lot 28x100; rents $65.
$4,850— Panhandle cottage, 7 rooms; lot 25x80
feet; modern.
$7.000^ — Mission residence, : 12 ¦• rooms: near
Guerrero st, between 19th and 20th sts.;
lot 00x114 feet; rents $40. </
$30,000 — Finr» marine view residence; Vallejo
et, near Octavla: lot 74:3x137:6 feet; 2-
story residence,. of 16 rooms; elegantly
finished in natural .woods; grounds In
' fine order; unobstructed marine view.
$3.250 — Lot on Green St., near Octavla; size
29:8xl37;6 feet • :
$1,500 — Lot on Sixth ave./ near Presidio wall;
-Size. 25x120 feet. : --
$1,100 — 5-room cottage. Holly Park district;
- reduced from $1400; a bargain.
$3.200— Two cheap lots In PrestdlQ . Heights;
. Laurel ' s tv' near Sacramento. ¦¦'.:• : «
Send for list of cheap lots in all parts of the
city. -- ¦•-- ¦ •• ¦ ;¦¦ ..¦¦.¦ - ¦ -¦ ¦!¦-:'; ¦ ¦ :
M CAFEK BROTHERS,
103 MONTGOMERY/ST.
$20.000— BUSINESS corner; renting $140 mo.
$10.000— Store and ; 3 flats ; corner. ' ;
so.ooo— Page ; 8 r. ; 3 flats ; 6-6-7 r. and bath.
" $!i,000— 0 flats; lot 25xS0.
$2,100— Daroe st: 5 lots. _; ,/._'.««
$5 1 00—2 flats ; 11 rooms, bath ; lot 45x122.
$0,000— Shotwcll St.: 2 elegant flats. ••.¦•_ - _
$2,700— Church, near :22d;-tt rooms and bath.
$3.100— 24th. nr. Church; flats: 9 r., 2 baths.
Valencia. nr.22d;- lot 62x90. y
Waller, nr.;Stanyan; lot 65x80.
Dolores, nr. 23d; 25x117:6. ¦
Post, nr.* Van Ness ave. Mot 27:8x120.;
Sanchevst cor., nr. 18th; cottage, 6
rooms.* bath; lot 28x100. -
; . Clementina," ' bet" 1st and ' 2d ; i lot 75x80.
U PATTERSON/' Examiner bldg., '¦ room ¦ 202. v
$1325— FORECLOSURE sale; cottage, 4 rooms,
.bath; $175 down,; bal,- $13 SO month. MIS- !
8ION ; REALTY, CO., 2 Twenty-ninth st.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
DAVIDSON ft LEIGH. 207 Montgomery st.
Rear Estate Agents/ Phone Main 123.
Rent3 Collected. Opp. Mills Eldff. entrance.
$2,250 — On 18th st, near Church; one of the
prettiest lots that you have ever seen;
all ready to build on and Just exactly
right for a home: 27:6x114; level, sunny
and beautiful: electric cars; street bitu-
mlnlzed; concrete walk.
$2.500— Another same as above, facing Duboc*
' square, 25x115, where they are selling
cheap at $3000; this Is $500 below Its
actual value.
$4 600— A beautiful Western Addition corner.
-. -' v . 60x100. with 3 fronts and grand view; «
flats built on this would positively net
10 per cent
$187 CO per front foot only for the corner in-
side lots: cheap at $200; that loveiy
sunny corner of Pine and Buchanan sts.;
55-foot front for the nominal price of -
$97SO. x
$6,600— Rents. $840; Harrison st. near 7th; a
big lot 60 feet front, only partly Im-
proved; the rents can be doubled. This
property is actually for sale and you
can buy it at your own price.
$1.800— Cheap lots, 25x100. on Broderick st,
near Ellis; all ready to build on.
$600 — 3 lots, 27x133 each; near Dolores and
20th sts.; all ready to build on and Just
right for cottages.
$5,600— Rents $690; should tx» remodeled and
, . rents doubled; store and rooming-house
above of 20 rooms; a few hundred dol-
' lars spent on this would make it worth
$8000; get in and speculate on this.
$6,260 — Rents $670; we must make Immediate
sale; 3 handsome new sunny flats on
Webster St.. near Haight; built honest;
I no tack-hammer work; full-sized lot;
nice new buildings all around property:
open and sunny both front and rear;
absolutely th* best offer in flats on th*
fflarket -
$7,000— Make an offer on this swell business
' lot on Devteadero st. close to Sutter;
large mortgage; must be sold; adjoin-
ing transfer corner.
$8,500 — Rents $930; handsome bay-window
flats: sunny side of Pag* st. close to
panhandle; 8-0 rooms and baths; build-
ing alone cost almost the money; abso-
lutely a bargain.
$10.000 — A busy Western Addition prosperous
corner grocery and saloon property, with
sunny flats above; all In spick span
condition: never vacant: tenants pay all
repairs; 80-foot corner lot.
$12,650— Rents actually $1320; 3 elagant new
swell model flats on Page st.. near th*
Panhandle; these are beautiful, the vary
perfection of Interior finish and conveni-
ences; marble vestibules plat* glass,
hardwood finish, etc.. and complete
money could make them: 6-6-7 rooms,
baths; extra toilets; lot 25x125.
$16,500 — Valuable downtown Investment: 40-
foot double frontage: near California
and Hyde sts.; buildings now bring
$ir,00; sun all around.
. Call for list of properties of every descrip-
tion and at all prices for sale In all parts of
the city.
DAVIDSON ft LEIGH. 207 Montgomery st
MADISON & BURKE,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 185S.
30 Montgomery tit Opposite Lick House.
$19,000— Devisadero st; store and flats; lot
20x82:6; new building; rent $130.
$7,500— Sacramento st, north line, near
Steiner; 9-rcom house; in flne condition;
this is . a nice home.
$12,000- -Post st; two large, well constructed
houses; very large lot.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$9,0CO — 6 flats and store below; near Sixth
and Brannan sts.; rent $SS per month;
new building.
$8,000 — Ashbury st, near Frederick; a fln<»
large 10-room house; near the park:
billiard rocrn. finished attic and all
modern conveniences.
$10,750— Page st; 2 up-to-date flats, 6 and 7
rooms and bath: annual rent $9<X>,
$5,000 — Cottage and lot; Bartlett st.i near
Twenty-flrst; 6 rooms and bath; all
latest improvements.
$3.800 — Clipper st. near Castro.
$3,750 — Grand ave., near Minion st'; 2 good
flats; price low; rent $33.
$4,000— Tenth st, near Harrison; lot 25x100;
rent $32.
$10,600— Half 50^vara. 68:9x137:6: Broadway.
near Flllmore st: grand marine view.
$9,000— Steiner St., bat. Geary and O'Farrell
sts.; car lines; 2 lots, 55x137:6 feet.
$1, COO— Fourteenth ave. and A st, corner, 120
feet on the new Park Panhandle.
$4. COO — Chattanooga st, near Twenty-third;
large lot, 65x117:6 to rear street
Lots 27:6x137:6. on Sutter st, between Steiner
and Pierce.
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gat* ¦
ave. and Baker st; in sizes to suit;
prices from $2000 upward.
Three lots, each 27:6x137:6, on south line of
Geary tt., near Flllmore.
MADISON & BURKE,
SO Montgomery st, opp. Lick House.
ELEGANT new residence, near Park, contaln-
- Ing 8 rooms, etc.; new design and finish;
nothing like it: 823 Ashbury. near Frederick;
lot 29x106:3; a bargain.
MADISON ft BURKE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$500 to $1200— Easy Term*.
New "Oceanside" Lots on Official Grade.
Fronting and Unobstructed View ot Park
and Ocean.
Choicest and cheapest home sites ever offered.
All bargains! See them to-day!
"Oceanside" branch office, cor. H street anc
47th avenue.
Open Sundays and Holidays.
$75 to $250— Near Park and Ocean — $3 monthly.
$250 to $1000 — Choicest Richmond lots— In-
stallments.
$150 to $450— Level Excelsior Hd. Lots.
$1000 to $3500— Modern cottages In Sunset.
Richmond. Oceanside and Excelsior Home-
stead. Easy terms! •
Sunset Branch Office on Oth ay*., near H »t.
SOL. GETZ ft " SON, Owner* and Dealers.
Room 64. fourth floor, Chronicle bids.
GAFFET ft MAHON. Real Estate Agents,
505 California st.
The entire estate of the late Myiea D.
Sweeney has been placed in our hands f <y
sale, comprising In part:
That grand marine view 50-vara lot, SE
corner of Jones and Green sta
The middle 60-vara, N side of Broadway,
bet. Mason and Taylor sts.. and 12/ flats
thereon: good income property.
The NW corner Chestnut and Larkin: one
of the most majestic marine views In city.
The SW corner Broadway and Mason st.
and Improvements thereon, bringing good
rents, etc.
Good house, lot 23x137. N side of Chest-
nut st, bet Powell and Mason: renta $52- 6O.
First-class double house; lot £3x52; SB
corner Filbert and Mason sts. ; rent v5.
Beautiful building lot on Steiner st., near
Hermann; 44x00.
First-class building lot, 50x137, on Clipper
street. *
JOSEPH STRAUB. 6C0 Market St
S5C0O — NE. cor. 23d st. and Bryant ave. ; •-•
cottages, stable; plenty room for flats; 50x9t>.
$15CO — House of 6 rooms and bath; Post. nr.
Lion; large lot. 27:6xl37:«.
$2250 — Two flats on 27th st. nr. Church.
$2500 — House of. S rooms, bath; brick
foundation. '
$0500 — COTTAGE. 1% blocks from park. 3
minutes' walk from 4 carllnes; 6 rooms, bath,
servant's room, conservatory. large basement,
driveway for auto or carriage, stable for
horse, shed, yard for cow and chickens, all
modern and good as new; owner leaving city:
open for Inspection to-day only. 650 Ninth
ave.. bet. B and C sts.. Richmond District
SI 25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lots In th?
Excelsior ' Homestead Tract: all level: no
grading to do: ready tb build your little home
on- close to electric cars and school. ,
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montromery st,' room 5.
THREE flfty-vara lots on Lombard st.. near
Buchanan.' at a bargain; fine site for flats:
back to 35-foot street: 60-vara lot on Groya
and Lott sts.; good investment for builder*.
SELBY. RODOERS ft CO.. 116 Callfcrnla.
62 ACRES In hay: 1 VI miles from Esparto.
Yolo Co. : cash or exchange lot S." F. or Oak-
land: value. $2000. S..H. TARR. Parrott bldg.
JUST completed— 2 6-room. 2-story houses. 4377
Seventeenth st: Castro or 18th cars; $500
down, $.35 mo. See M0ISE, 320 Saosom* stTHE SAN -FRANCISCO CALL', SUNDAY, APRIL 24, ; 1004:
43
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY- — For Sale
IF you are looking for land in any of the bay
counties, farms, alfalfa or fruit lands, stock
and timber lands, call on ROTHERMEL &
CO.. 507 California at. '
160 ACRES southeastern part Monterey Co.
FREDERICK. 3*39 Seventeenth St.; lease.
SAN SI ATEO REAL ESTATB.
FAIR OAKS and Menlo Park— Land In this
beautiful suburb on easy terms to those
building homes; fine oak trees; no fogs or
winds; values are Increasing rapidly; now
Is the time to buy.
Menlo Park — Two splendid country places
for sale; beautifully laid out and ready for
occupancy; can be seen by appointment.
Burllngnme — A very complete moderate-
sized country home with about five acres
garden and orchard, stables, etc. ; magnifi-
cent oak trees; bouse modern in every re-
spect and in first-class ' condition: will sell
furnished If desired. See photographs at
office. A bargain. . ¦
Fair Oaks — To lease for one year or longer.
Picturesque cottage, unfurnished; very con-
venient to station.
Apply to 8ELBY. RODGERS & CO.,
- 116 California street.
BAN MATKO - SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCH
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
prcpertleB. Yilla sites and acreage. Don't fall
to see us before buylnc. Investigate San
Mateo Park. The Ideal property of them all.
Lots of about one acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to fcfe most valuable. See our local
agent. Frank S. Grummon. Saa Mateo office
< 1 en Sundays.
BALDWIN St HOWELL, 2B Post at.
SAN MATEO. BURLINOAME.
Best suburban homes near San Francisco; no
ferry; electric railroad now running; lots and
residences for sale; we can sell good lots as
low as $500 each; we will be glad to show
them; we also have some acreage land near
by as low as $100 to $200 per acre. •
McAFEE BROTHERS,
\ 108 Montgomery st., San Francisco
Resident agent, S. G. GOODHUE, Western
Union Telegraph Building, San Mateo. - -
POINT RICHMOXD REAL ESTATE.
FACTC^Y~^R"wAREHblJSE~ilTE!
1W acre?, fronting- on rights of way of both
Southern Pacific and Santa Fe railroads; ex-
ceptional faciiltles> for shipping over both
roads; elevated and well drained. Cheapest
land having came advantages on the market.
See J. H. MACDONALD & CO.. 1052 Broad-
way, Oakland. ¦ ' .
POINT RICHMOND.
THE BEST/ LOTS ARE IN
THE SANTA FE TRACT.
ALL LEVEL. STREETS GRADED.
?5 MONTHLY.
McEWEN BROS., 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
TWO fine lots on "deep water front" for sale;
located near Standard Oil Company's wharf.
Box 1469. Call office.
FOR sale— »Two fine business corners on Mc-
Donald av». ; cash or tsrms. J. L. DURI-
VAQR. 156rt Fell St.; phone Page 4253.
MARIN COUNTY REAL ESTATE.
. r—- ' — '¦"¦' —....¦¦«¦
LAGUNITAS TRACT.
Lagtmltas station Marin County: new sub-
dKlslon on the North Shore Railroad; largw
lots; roads, water and fine timber; fronting
on San Geronlmo Creek; close to the sta-
tion: moderate prices; easy terms If desired;
an ideal spot for a summer home. ' • ¦
ROSS VALLEY PARK.
San Anselmo, Marin County; a superb sub-
division pf fine large lots within easy walk-
Ing distance of the station; open lots, tim-
bered lots and villa side hill lots; water and
sewers in: fine roads.
. . . RAYMOND. ARMSTRONG St CO..
¦ . • . Mills Building.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
CORTE MADERA— Furnished cottage, 6 rooms
and bath; all modern Improvements; rent $50
I per month. Apply B. SCOULER.
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED — To buy building lot In Potrero;
1 • ¦ give price and location. Box 3144, Call.
PROPERTY wanted— Mission flats^ $5Q001 : j6od
• location. Box'81C9. ' • -'¦¦-.-..>.
HEAL ESTATB TO EXCHANGE.
$4000—4 1-8 ACRES, good house, barn, fruit,
etc.; choice location; cash or exchange.
ELM HURST REALTY CO., Elmhurst.
GOOD horn* in Oakland to exchange for a
ranch; nicely located. Box 1130, Call office,
Oakland. •
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALA.MKDA REAL ESTATB.
HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS.
BUSINESS LOT ON PARK ST., 60x100; A
SACRIFICE.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE., NEAR STATION; BAR-
GAINS. LARGE LIST OF REALTY.
FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FKANC1SCO
REAL ESTATE— A MODERN 7-KOO\I
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY.
A FEW SAMPLES OF MY EXTENSIVE LIST
$1000 — 5-room 1^-etory cottage; lot 25x101;
terms. ,-—
$1000 — 5-room 1-story cottage; lot 28x100;
terms.
$1400— 5-room 1-story cottage; lot 26x100;
terms.
$1750 — 5-room 1-story cottage; lot 80x103; one-
quarter cash.
$2150 — 7-room 1-story cottage; lot 64x150;
$500 cash.
$2150— 5-room 1-story cottage; lot 40x118; one-
half cash.
$2800 — tt-room 1-story cottage; lot 50x150; one-
half cash.
$3100 — 7-room 1-story cottage; lot 50x150; one-'
quarter cash.
$4250 — U rooms; extra bargain; lot 50x267; fine
location; $1000 down, balance terms.
A HOME FOR EVERYBODY.
Here is a house that must be seen to be
appreciated; lot 50x2U7: near Mastlck station:
modern 0-roorn house; large conservator}', fine
grounds, fruit trees, stable, chicken-house, etc.,
at a sacrifice.
I am now building several 5-room cottages.
Will be sold on terms. Come and see them.
A modern cottage of 7 rooms; lot 65x150.
with adjoining lot 45x150; containing fine fruit
trees; sold as a whole or in subdivisions; 5
minutes' walk from either broad or narrow
gauge.
4-room cottage; lot 100x100; price $1250.
5-room cottase; lot 100x100; price $1300.
FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS.
$50 DOWN, BALANCE TO SUIT. >
«2 LOTS.
83:4x125 TO 85x176.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-ST. 8TATION.
THIRTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
. TWO BLOCKS FROM CAR LINE.
APPLY TO A. R. . DENKBJ,
1400 WEBSTER ST., ALAMEDA,
--. or
Call on the
ISLAND REAL ESTATE CO.,
1304 1 tali road, ave.. Bay station.
CHARLES ADAMS * CO.
A BARGAIN.
$2400— Modern 2 flats; 5 rooms, bath, laun-
dry each: fruit trees; rents for $27; one block
from station.
TWO GREAT BARGAINS.
Cottage of 7 rooms, n bath; lot 68x150; drive-
way, barn, fruit trees and flowers; $3750.
Cottage, S rooms, bath; lot T5xl50; drive-
way, barn, fruit trees, : flowers; $4500.
" Cottage, 5 rooms, bath; lot 20x100; windmill
and tank: $900/ B
Cottage, 5 rooms; lot 50x140; $1200.
Cottage, 8. rooms and bath; lot 25x100; $1200.
Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 25x150; 51100.
Two new houses, 8 rooms and bath; one on
comer 14250; other at S3600.
Lots in all parts of Alameda. , - 1 , :
House of 8 rooms; lot 60x150; a snap; part
cash; $4150. ' ' ;-,
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
Bay Station, Alameda, Phone 6852.
Of flea open on • Sundays from -9 to 3. '
B D. JUDD CO.,
LEADING REAL ESTATB AGENT.
1424 PARK ST., ALAMEDA
FOR SALE.
- liooo— Madlson-st. cottage: R rooms. .
si.V:«i — Iluena 'Vlsta,*ave. cottage;, 6 rooms.
$1*00 — Alameda ave. cottage; 5 rooms.
$2000 — Alamtda-ave. cottage; 5 rooms.. :
$2500 — Llircoln-ave. cottage; (J rooms;,' wind-
mill, tank, etc.. . • : ;
£:2C0— Shingled house; 6 rooms; fine marine
view. ¦¦ - -: ' : . i;".
Also a large number of , unimproved . lots in
desirable locations. ' \- ¦ - ' . ¦
A large lint of furnished bouses and cottages
in* the evio""'"
BERKELEY ADVERTS' M'NTS
nF.HKT5T.KY REAL KST \TW.
! A FEW OF THESE BEST BUYS FROM MY
EXTENSIVE LIST.
$1,500— Cottage of 5 rooms; bath: stable: lot
30x100; above Telegraph ave.; • easy
terms. : « - - • ¦ '
$2.100— Cottage' of 5 rooms; bath; basement:
lot 50x141; street . eewered and graded;
- ; above Telegraph ave. : $500 cash. ¦ ' ¦
$2500 — Bungalow: 5 roomi end bath: gas fix-
tures throughout; lot 40x122; best loca-
1 tlon In South Berkeley: close to Asljby
ave. station; $350 cash, $23 per month.
$2.750 — 2-story colonial house: 6 good rooms,
bath, etc.; Improved street; close In. '»
$4,000 — Grand new residence; 7 large rooms:
' reception hajl; large closets and complete
In all details; CO.-foot lot; 2 minutes from
- station ;- both rontt$. - - •
$5150 — Just complete.^; aiegant home jn bonton
section; east of Telegraph ave.; 7 large
'}<-' ¦¦%• rooms; reception hall ; fine appointments'
•T,-*- and finish; lot 45x150... ,- -
H. D.' IRWIN,
Open Sundays. Lorln Station, ! Berkeley. ¦
FOR sale^ — New and nearly new houses from
$1800 to $20,000; lots from $250 to $7000: we
can s»ll ycu a desirable" lot -3 blocks -from
-Dwlght-way station, si ze. 40x130, for" $700;
' will build you a hcuse to suit on a payment
cf $500 down, balance monthly; before buy-
ing, give us a call and let us show you our
extensive list. F. H. LAWTON & CO.. 2147
Center st. ¦ ¦¦ . -
A 8NAP!
$2100 only for a fine 6-room cottage In
Berkeley; good location; street work done; good
reason for selling. P. CLASSEN & CO.. 460
Tenth st., Oakland, Cal.
I A 6-RCOM cottage; nice bungalow, near Ashby
1 station. S. P.. and Key Route, for sale on
easy terms; this house is new and complete.
R. C. STAATS. room 1,.2121% Center et.
$760 FOR only -a short time: 4 'lots, 40x120
each, In warm belt of town, one block cf
College ave.; situated on Cherry st. MORAN
& SWAIN. 2131 ghattuck ave.
BEEKEXEY HOTELS.
HOTEL BERKELEY REOPENS— This elefcant-
ly appointed house Is now under a new and
experienced management. The service ls s first
class, the accommodations homelike, the treat-
ment of guests courteous, the rates. low. The
hotel is situated en Dwight way. 'one block
west of the Dwlght way station, and is there-
fore convenient to both the Key route and\S.
P. ferry gystems. Rates, per day, transient,
are from $2 to $3. and per month are $30 to
$50, according to apartments. Banquets and
wedding dinners will be served on short no-
tice in the most fashionable and delightful
manner. All interested in this announce-
ment are Invited to call at the house and In-
spect It. Any further Information desired
will be promptly given. Tel. Dana 136.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
• : £
FRUITVALE IU3AL ESTATB.
Valentine G. Hush, Pt. " Stephen R. Thome,
Sec. First National Bank, .Treas.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY.
INCORPORATED IN 18*9.
312 BUSH ST., SAN FKANCI3CO.
REAL ESTATK.
INSURANCE
- MONEY TO LOAN.
BRANCH OFFICE, FRUITVALE.
f 1400. '
This is a nice 3 -room "cot tage, with floor In
basement; convenient to street cars and broad
gauge train to city; let us show this to you.
f 2250.
Here Is a fine house near broad 'gauge train,
5 rooms, cove ceilings and open plumbing; easy
terms. Call and look at this before buying.
$2100. , ; ,
New 5-room house with all modern Improve-
ments, four blocks from local; corner lot. See
us -about it.
"?2250.
New 0-room house; two blocks from broad
cause local to city; fronting on Putnam st.,
Frultvale. This is offered at , less 1 than Its
value; .terms can be arranged to suit, pur-
chaser.
....-.¦- „ .. . - ¦ soo.. .-., . - . -'
More than 30O lots for eale in and-" about
Frultvale,. Easy, terms. ..... *.. ~.
Ranch of 18.500 acres within 100 miles of
San Francisco for sale, all first-class . land ;
suitable for subdivision Into small tracts;
railroad station and navigable river on one
side. -Will stand fullest investigation. 1
It represents an apparent 'profit of $1,000,000
to the man who will subdivide It. For' full
particulars. call or write to SYNDICATE IN-
VESTMENT COMPANY, FRUITVALE STA-
TION, California.
Telephone Ash 587.
H. BARKMEYER,
3200 Frultvale ave.. nr. Fruitvale Station. Cal.
$25 cash and $5 per month will buy a fine
building, lot, $0x132:6; city water; only one
block from. tar Una; price $290.
Lots $200 and up; half Aock from Frultvale
ave.; sewer and city water: high elevation; 15
minutes' walk to local train.
$8W>— House of 5- rooms and bath: hard
finished; city water; barn and chicken house,
fruit trees and flowers In bearing; lot 40x132:0;
2 blocks from car line; terms $100 cash, bal-
ance $8 40 per month; near Elmhurst.
$100 cash and $10 80 per month, cottage of
4 rooms -and bath;- hot and cold water: high
basement; stationary tubs; corner lot; 30x100;
K&Ft Oakland; one block from car. line; price
all told $1000. r •
¦ -$250 cash, balance $18 50 per month; "bay-
window cottage of 4 rooms and bath, pantry
and closets; high basement ; all connected with
sewer and city water; 8^ lots fronting on two
streets; only 2 blocks from . Frultvale - station.
This is a bargain. Price all told $1800.
.$2400 — Beautiful cottage of 5 rooms; all tt:e
latest Improvements; gas and electric lighting;
ccmbination fixtures; porcelain* bath; china
closot;- large lot; on Frultvale ave. "¦
$2600— New. artistic bungalow of 5 roomx;
porcelain bath; all the latest Improvement*;
fine mantel and sideboard; lot 50x120; one
block* from Frultvale ave.
$5000 — New . colonial house of 8 rooms ¦ and
bath; exceptionally ¦' fine dining-room; 2 man-
tels, sideboard: gas and electric lighting; com-
bination fixtures: lot 50x150; street work, .ill
dene; this is one of the finest and best built
homes in Frultvale. - >
$3500 — 1 1-3 acres of fine vegetable land,
about Hi acres In bearing orchard and small
fruits: rood hard finished house of 5 rooms;
! large barn and chicken houses; good well, etc.;
1 4 blocks from ear. line: no reasonable offer re-
fused, as owner. is forced to sell. ., _
$2600— Fine country home on macadamized .
road:, cottaze of 4 rooms, bath room, -pantry
and' closets/ all In first-class condition: high
basement; large lot. 64x380, fenced and crobs-
fenced; abundanca of flowers and fruit trees In
bearing; it chicken houses and small barn: city
! water; worth investigating. For particulars
apply to H. BARKMEYER, 12C<5 Frultvale
ave., Frultvale, Cal.; tel. .Brook KiS. > ¦. . ¦
CHARLES F. LEE. Phone Vale 206.
, Office- half block from Frultvale station.
- JC.'iO- — Lot 50x170; 2-room rustic cottage: lot
; Inclosed. with a 6- foot board fence, picket fence
In front; abundance of berries, vegetables and
flowers 'on the hills; close to car lines and fine
grammar school.
$1000— Cottsge of 4 rooms, completely fur-
nished; lot 30x115; abundance of -berries and
flowers; large chicken yard and chicken house;
on the -car line. -. *'-¦> • ; l£2S9PAg£
$1500 — Cottage. 4 'rooms and bath: high base-
ment; abundance of berries and. flowers: 2 lines
of streetcars within a block; fine school; gocd
neighborhood; lot 35x140. •
$1650 — Just completed: modern cottage of 4
large rooms, reception hall.' beautlfnl p&neled
reception room, bath; sanitary washtubs; lot
75x113; close to school*.' streetcars; "In one of
the best sections of Frultvale. ' . ; •"
• $1750 — Cottage of 5 rooms and bath, pantry,
large laundry, big high basemtnt; fruit trees
and flowers; short distance to car line and
schools; lot 70x112. " . ' *
$2500— Modern cottage. Queen Anne style, of
5 large rooms; beautiful art mantel. • large
etable." fruit trees. : berries and flowers in abun-
dance; lot 50x170; clor.c to a fine ' school and
streetcars; on the hills. . ,
- These properties can al) be bought 'on easy
terms If desired. . ¦ -
1 LOT8. , LOTS. LOTS.
50x130. well located, only $300. .
80Oxl5O-^Fine building property: close to the
streetcars; near a fine school: * would make 8
good buildings lots; only $2000.
$75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee 'tract; fine
soil; grand view; new homes rapidly going tip:
no cold winds or wet fogs, and . lots only $75
each: $5 down.' balance, $2 50 per month.'
. 'CHARLES'F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
H. W. DAVIS. REAL ESTATE. "
Houses built on monthly: payments; plans and
estimates furnished.
¦-¦ FOR BALE ON EASY PAYMENTS:
> $730— A choice corner lot. 00x123, convenient
to I local i trains and only 230 feet from./ F. - V.
ave. ; ¦ sewers, electric lights.' gas. : city water; a
bargain. ¦ ;'-¦...-. .- .
¦¦ $500 — A , pretty corner lot. S0xl23,' the cheap-
est comer in Fruitvale; Just the place for a
fine home^all conveniences. , ¦• ¦' .
$250 per lot in Deerlng Tract, right on top of
thfl hill., near Frultvale ave.;, best property. In
Fruitvale.".'-. ¦-¦¦" . ••-.. ¦• • "-¦¦'. ; -,r ..,'.-. :-.
¦ $150 — Fir.e level lot," 70x115, on macadamized
street, V4 ' Mock ; from electric -'cars and ¦ only a
short walk from thln^ station.- . .
H. W. DAVIS. Exclusive Agent, .¦¦->;
1216 Fruitvale.- ave.,. Frultvale. ., • .
FINE r suburban' home, for sale ;"./•" house" 1 ; of : 9
- rooms and- bath; two-story, - barn 7 nnd_out-
- houses; 1 1-3 acres of land: flno runnlnp
-stream,' with beautiful shade trees and shrub-
bery: an Ideal home;, situated In upper, Frult-
'. vale; ¦ must sell . account leaving. , Address N.
SQUYERS., Frultvale Postofflce, Cal
REAL ESTATE—Conntry— .For gale.
.„ PALO ALTO.
AT AUCTION ! AT AUCTION !
SATURDAY, May 7. 1904.
."r> cho1c * villa sites, handsomely wooded
with live oaks, adjoining Leland Stanford Unl- !
yerslty. destined to bfe the greatest university
in the world; the natural suburban residence
section to San Francisco; only one hour's ride
from city: will be forty minutes with new
Southern Pacific cutoff, now in course of con-
struction.
NO WINDS.
NO FOGS.
NO FERRIES.
But a delightful ride through nature's fa-
vored park.
This will be your only opportunity to secure
property in Palo Alto at first cost; sure to
double in value in the next two years.
Palo Alto is growing; over 500 new homes,
costing $200,000, built in lafct three years.
Special excursion train. Call or send for map
and Illustrated catalogue.
C. M. WOOBTER CO., G4S Market st.
ALFALFA. FRUIT. . VINES.
10,000 rich acres now open to the- home-
seekery.
j We are now selling the great wheat farms
I of the late f enator Boggs In 40-acre tracts at
the average price of $50 an acre; large canal
J wll! supply abundant Irrigation; free water
I right goes with land; this is a deep river sedi-
ment soil, highly adapted to the highest pro-
: ductlon of alfalfa, orangw, peaches, pears,
prunes, sugar boets. vines, tomatoes, corn, all
vegetables; delightful location on the banks
of the Sacramento River; cheap river trans-
portation; terms, quarter cash, balance 2-3-4
years at Q per cent; produces 20 sacks of wheat
annually, almost the cost of the land.
NAPA COUNTY BARGAIN.
$2600—44 acres near Napa City; 6 acres In
orchard, balance in grain, potatoes and corn;
bouse, barn, etc.
$3200— Choice 5-acre place, Mountain VI»w;
moOeru cottage, barn; all In fine orchard;
; cheapest place down the penlnsula.
! FINE BARGAINS IN GENERAL FARMS.
10-acre tract adjoining Hollieter; finest of
i pure sedlmer.t soil; on artesian belt, also lrrl-
j gation ditch; will grow anything; snap at $150
i per acre.
i $C500 — 161 acres near Arttloch: 40 acres
1 orchard, balance hay and grain; all fine land;
I good set of buildings; on two railroads; also
river transportation.
1900 acres, best cf Butte County land; 1000
acres in gTaln. 900 acres summer fallowed;
good eet of buildings; $28 an acre. \
1 COCO acres r.ear Marysville; most all Irri-
gated: spkndid crange and alfalfa lanfl; 2 sets
of buildlnc?; only $10 per acre.
2150 acres on Salinas River; 400 acres under
' Irrigation ditch, balance fine grain land; fine
, eet of buildings ; Including this year's crop,
; onfy $30 an acre; bargain,
OAK WOOD PARK TRACT.
FAIR OAKS. SAN MATEO COUNTY.
Beautiful villa sites. 1H to 5-acre lots; bean-
' tifully wooded with live oaks; surrounded by
handsome homes: or.ly W> minutes' ride lrom
: £an Francisco; price $300 per lot and upward,
¦ lfts than >-i of asking price of adjoining prop-
i erty. Must be sold. t?end for catalogues.
Pretty villa sites, \f> minutes' walk from
j dopot. Redwood City; only $400; $50 cash, bai-
1 ance monthly.
Call or send for our selected Met of orchards
j and farms and choice eurburban homes and
C M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S Market st.
j j;,oo(V— 22 ACHES bottom land, 4',i acres
poaches 11 acres prunes, all 5 years
old: fine 2-story house, barn and out-
' buildings.
• $5.400 — ttO acres land. 15 acres grapes, bear-
ing- 10 aerpg hay land, balance pasture;
2-story dwelling barn and outbuildings.
51, COO— 12 acres land.' 6 acres grapes; house
and barn; fine for chickens.
' $C0,OCO— M axrfs land: 20 acres grapes, bear-
i ing; fruit and hay; fine 2-story dwell-
ing barn windmill and tank; average
* income 4 years. $3926. f •
1 $7,500 — 25 acres land, -6S acres peaches, 4V4
pears. I'j prunes. 3 grapes; fine dwell-
! ing barn and outbuildings.
i $3.500 — s' acres bottom land, 4 acres peaches,
i -4 -acres prunes; 5 years old.
For further information address
J. O. HICKt?. Agent. Healdsburg. Cal.
WE'LL sell the earth — Of the following apple
orchards, situated in celebrated - Pajaro Val-
ley, Hanta Cruz County; 4o acres full bear-
ing applet:; Royal Anne ch«rries; county- road
. divides tract;' either half sold separately or
as a whole. . - - - . .
60 acres, all planted In Newtown pippins,
situated on banks of Lake Pinto, 2*4 miles
from S. P. R. R. - . ¦
25 acres, 16 slanted to Bellefl>urs and
Kevtown pippins, 1 years old; good water
runs through tract: generally planted to po-
tatoes, peas, garden truck.
OAFFEY St MAHON,
. ~. ... . - . ... ,.606 California st.
r ' 1 ¦ 1 1 1' 1 ¦
j ATTENTION, HOME SEEKERS!
¦ We deelre to call the attention of Intending
! buyers of country lands to some bargains In
income-producing orchard, vineyard, grain and
etck farms, many of which are bank fore-
closures that we have for sale. Mr. Bush hav- ¦
Ing ¦ had 40 years' knowledge and experience
of the value of lands, and being the owner
of an Income-producing orchard and vineyard,
can Intelligently direct intending buyers to the
best lands and bargains in the State. Cor-
respondence solicited.
DAVTD BUSH & SON. S2S Montgomery »t,
Room 412, Safe Deposit Building.
FIRST-CLASS dairy near Hollister — 278 acres, '
75 In alfalfa: irricatlon plant; modern im-
provements; personal property consists of 80
head of. cattle, 20 horses, dairy utensils, '
farming Implements; last year's milk re-
turns furnished; as owner is actively en-
gaged In business In this city cannot devote
necessary time to dairying; therefore will ;
eell cheap and make liberal terms to prac- 1
tical man. or trade for city or Berkeley
property; particulars given.
GAFFEY & MAHON.
505 California st.
11 H -ACRE horn* property; short walk from
R. R. depot; Alameda County; In a perfect
climate; comfortable house. 5 rooms, barn,
outbuildings, mill and 5000- gallon tank; 2 .
acres in full-bearicg vineyard; balance fine
open pasture; surroundings first class; fine
natural trees, beautiful scenery, etc. ; price
$2500 for Immediate sale; easy terms If de-
sired: owner non-resident. H. II. CRANE,
508 California et.
BEAUTIFUL home In Santa Cruz Mountains;
160 acres. 90 under cultivation; first-class :
dwelling; barn of 100 tons hay capacity; 20
acres French prune* : situated among respec-
table, prosperous people; 2 schools and post-
office close by; within few miles of cele-
brated State park. Big Basin; cheap for each,
or will trade for Berkeley or city property.
For particulars apply to
GAFTET A- MAHON,
.'¦05 California st.
I HAVE for sale eeveral fine farms, 120 acres
and upward; price. from $25 to $50 per acre;
all level, plenty of water and wood, cplendld
climate, near two proposed reads and the
. celebrated E*l- River coal fields. For further
particulars, address Bex 2. Covelo. Mendocino
County. Cal. _- ¦
GREAT bargain — Rich. Irrigated farms; big
canal; free water right; very cheap; easy
terms; homeseeker's opportunity. C. M.
WOOSTER CO.. 648 Market st.
FINE ranch of l«0 acres In Napa County, 12
miles from R.R.; 40 acres bearing fruit;
great Bupply of water; large house; good In-
come. If sold soon, crop goes with place;
great bargain; terms easy.
E. H. SAWYER, 538 Kearny st.
FOR eale — Ranch of 29S acres In Napa Co.;
family orchard and vineyard: 6 large running
springs at house, barn and fields; never fail-
ure of crops; best climate in State; fine view;
$15 per acre. JOHN BAUR, 3C5 Turk st.
NICE place, consisting of about half acre iof
ground and cottage in Paso Robles, known
as -the health resort of California; this place
for sale or exchange for Alameda County
property: worth $2400. Address 363 Twelfth
St., Oakland, Cal. . *7i V
EMALL tracts at Rl Verano, Sonoma County:
fine poultry farms; 44 miles from San Fran-
cisco; station at the' land; fare $1 05;: send
for our catalogue; easy terms. Branch office
there. PETERS St BAINES, 116 Montgom-
ery rt. ¦ . '•
COUNTRY real estate and town property, fur-
nished and unfurnished; reasonable rent. J.
A. McCOY. Los Gatos. Real Estate. Insur-
ance and Collections.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market st
$18.000 — 1C0 acres. Contra Costa Co.; fine al-
falfa land, fenced and cross-fenced; house, '2
barns, windmill. 15S bead stock, farming
implements, email orchard; 2 miles from de-
pot. 1 mile from school ; land alone worth
the money. BUSH-HEDEMARK CO., 11
Montgomery *t.
Al 20 ACRES in Alameda County. 18 acres in
vineyard, choice wine grapes; eoxne fruits;
• comfortable bouse, etc. ; • owing to recent
death of owner the widow will sell for $.1300,
Including personal property. H. IL CRANE,
COS California «t. '
5-ROOM cottage at' Larkspur; almost new;
modern; fine for summer residence; % mile
from station; $1100; $100 cash, balance $12
prr month. W. N. RUSSELL. 301 Califor-
nia st.. San Francisco. Cal;
TO rent— 10 acres bottom land: 9 acres in
fruit full bearing; good 8-room. house 'and
bath ; splendid place for chickens. P. w.
ANDERSON. 127 San Pablo ave.. Oakland.
EEND for catalogue "California's Choicest
Acrfi." WILLIAM V. WRIGHT.- Mountain
view. Santa Clara County. Cal.
REAL ESTAJTE-— CITV— -FOn^SA^n.
LYON &. HOAO. MOSTGOMERT gT .
Send for our printed ii«t ol property for sa'.e
Is oil sections of the city. 21'^— 2
XB&Sa HANDSOME NEW HOMES.
Tlm-e diMir.ft styles of architecture.
Tlwc chances to be comfortably eltuated
j-T.V •¦ to «MKX) — Duboce ave., i>el. Scott and
•l»tvlEadero sts.. directly above pretty Duboce
Park; thry contain lar*re reception halls, 4 and
i commodious taiA sunny b*dr«oms; latest san-
itary pluuibing; the first floors are finished In
selected wooiis; marbie steps; hot-air furnaces;
In fact, they contain everything that goes to
make a completo home; grand views; eplendid
neighborhood ; terms, $2w\> cash, balance
monthly installment?; take Haieht-Bt. cars to
tcott St.. walk 2 blocks couth to Duboce ave.; -
!.•'.'. on premises Fu«;jay.
BEAUTIFUL NEW RESIDENCE.
$2tKH» cash, balance monthly installments:
an artistic home just completed, on Frederick
«t.. cast'ol Cole, 2 blocks Foulh cf Halght St.; I
l^r.y entrance; lu cunny rooms; 4 mantels: 1
the interior is handsomely finished in selected I
woods, » fwfII home offered at a moderate |
price; only $7500; key lot; abundance of sun.
" BARGAIN IN RICHMOND LOTS.
• JSTo to $000; f^j cash, $10 monthly; fine
level lots on car line; ready U> build on; block
a'ready wcil Fettled: lot commands floe view
c: city and bay; woll Ehrltered from -winJs.
SOUTH OF MARKET FLATS.
$5500— Near Mi.««lon and «th bVs. ; 3 good,
tubftantia} flats cf 4 and D rooms each; brick
liquidation; always rented at $000 per annum;
t ¦ •¦ thisa at ••:._¦•. as it is a bargain.
FLATS NEAR TOWN.
Price reduced to $4U50; 2 flats on Second »t..
6 and 7 rooms and bath; rents $540; brick
lou&datlon; everything is first class condition;
pee this at once,
LARGE INTEREST PROPOSITION.
$5i\«» — Six flats of S rooms each, renting for
lv, lot 25x80; near Eighth and Bryant; (2500
mortgage can remain; street bitumlnized: pays
C* per cent on equity: bullfliag recently remod-
? «•<". and put in first -class Fhape.
NEW HOME NEAR PARK.
$r>00:> — Another up-to-date house, close, to
Co4d«n Gate Park; contains 6 splendidly ar-
ranged rooms; all latest convenience*; $1000
<~«t!i. balar.ee monthly; a charming home, ar-
tletlc In ever}* detail.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$4500 — Two substantial flats, containing S
rocisi and Lath each; in Al condition; this Is
cce of the best renting sections south of Mar-
Jk»t: rented low at $3S; mortgage $1300 can re-
tnain; near Fourth and Bryant ets.
LYON 4- HOAO.
113 Montgomery et.
, RAYMOND ARMSTRONG & CO.,
Room 2. Seventh Floor. Mills Bnilflirr.
$20.000— Can U:uro read: hotel of 21 rooms.
furnished throughout: Mable. acetylene
gas plant. virWI throughout for electrici-
tr; well stocked with liquors, all in-
cluded in the price.
•1B.000— -Trwldio Heights: r.orth side of Clay
*t; modern colonial residence of 10
rooms, with furnace.
flf.0 per front foot: Pre5iair» Heights, north
Fide of Oay Ft.; P2:0xlfi3. cr vrtll subdi-
\ide in three lots at the *ame price e.ach.
A IOWNTUWX I>"VKS!TMI^.-T.
Hftn<Jpr.me modem 3-story building: new:
. rent $lo:iO per annum: pa>-» I0>j p?r cent;
lorlh eide of fine stn^t. 4 blfwkB from Krar-
ny: 8 larg» hotels in Fame b!<><*k; this Is a
derided bargain: jrke $ls,r.OO. BOVEE. TOY
*i CO.. 117 Montgomery *t.
$100 1X>WN and $'¦!<* per month for cottage,
t> room? and bath: 102 Clipper «t.
$KK> down nnd J20 per month for cottage,
t> rooms and t>ath; on Ellsal>eth *t.
D. COFFIN &- *X)., 3303 Mission et.
' LIBERTY, ntar Gurri-ero— Nice home; fine lo-
cation; *SS.V>: large mcrtgajr*. Box 319«. *ali.
iiUILD your unimproved realty: irf loan full
cost improv. and part lot at C%. MANHAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.
ALL work guaranteed first dsss by ALH-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers. 838 Howard et.
. A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ItKAL liil'ATi; — Coon try— For Sale.
TV. J. WHITE*!
CHICKEN RANCHES KVERTWHEHK.
EXCHANGES.
FTI.L CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
(12.500 — Kplendid stock ranch and general
farm. 2C(J0 acres; 4 miles rrorn Courthouse.
Mendocino County; 200 acres tillable: 2 com-
plete *ets of farm buildings: well sups-lied with
«at<>r and an abundance of live oak timber;
th»r* are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
KSOOn — Only 314 miles of Geveerville. the Gem
cf Scncma County; \» mile good school; rural
null delivery; 50 acre?; 30 zscres rich bottom
land: 2 acres orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
l>earing; 6 acres alfalfa; well fenced and cross
feared; C-room house, 2 good barns, nice spring;
have other banrains in this suiterto section.
f3500— Mile end a half of HL. Helena; 165 1
a -res. 30 under cultivation, 6 acres bearing 1
cr<-lrat-d, A acree vineyard: ¦water piped to
fcuildine*: fine 2-story residence, stable, barn, |
carriage-house; once refused $12,000 cash.
5C00 — Only 1 mile of town; 80 acres: tooae,
trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottotn land;
piecer and quartz gold; 2 garden ranches, out-
side rang*, tools, furniture; forced sale.'
$i(<(J0— Near Merced City, on main roafl; 40
tent rich land; 5 acres bearing olives, 10 meres
alfalf*. Ji^i fcrres bearing orchard; 2 wells; all
under ditch; flue cottage. 6 rooms; steel wind-
mill and ta.uk; good urn, toolhouse. granary,
poultry houses, incubator houses; nice Income;
carh cr trade bay counties propertr.
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided
In email tracts at $65 per acre; one-third of
crop with place.
Adjoining tie town cf Lodl both, bearing
land and unimproved under ditch;
S125 to J1W prr acre.
$50 tier acre; 10 acres up; under ditch; iVt
mile* irr»ra Lodi, on main county road; also
laj-.d en the Stanislaus ditch as low as $13 an
acre.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
I I «¦- 1 several parties m-ith stood Income
property to trade for cheap country homes; also
!o-a,:-i<-hcuset; many cash buyer*; list your
property.
$20W — 60 acres; 5 miles from Bar.ta Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
feme rt*ep; small orchard and vineyard, bear-
ing: ecod 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure: $500 down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
JlO.GuO — In Sonoma. County; 800 acres well
fenced in 3 fields; house-: % large barns; dalry-
fcouse; well watered; 2C0 acres tillable; all
level; 24 acre* 8-year-old orchard; 30 head cat-
tle; 20 hog*; farming implements, etc.; $5000,
mortgage; trade tor bay property.
(3250^ — 21 acres candy loam, only 2U miles
of PeULluma; bou*e,5 rooms and bath:part cash.
f'OOO — Best ranch in (Southern Orvcon; 320
fecrae; 2 »et« rood Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horaes; farming toole; outside range.
(4500 — :f« acres close to Morgan Hill, Santa
Clara County; 20 acres bearinff orchard and
vineyard 10 acres hill pacture; nice hard
finished cottage cf K rooms; outbuildings ; /Ine
income; would trade for income city property.
(1100 — Only «J r:!U* from Courthouse; HO
a«ree; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
part cash; near Itcd Bluff.
$17,000 — Finest ranch ia Ban Joacuin County,
between Stockton ar.d Lodl; water near sur-
face; good houfe., outbu Sidings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land, 1 mile of Calaveras River.
* on main road; mortgage $90U0; would trad* for
flrKt-<'lasa property near city.
1 4MXi — Near Newcastle; 21 acres; oranges,
cherries, peaches, lemons, plums and apples:
small but nii* house; only (1500 down; have
bargains in this vicinity from $1000 up.
$2250 — 10 acres, all 'in africots Just com-
mencing to bear; € m:>* from San Jose; lovely
home; half cash.
tnc>— In bonoma City; 3^ acres; all level:
C»od ..-mis*, barn, windmill, tankhouse; 13
poultry Imuses and yards: eotne alfalfa; spring
»dcon; r.iiu chickens; feedhouse.
*2500— Only 2 miles from Han Jose; 4 acres;
2H acres bearing orchard; hard finished cot-
tage. 6 rooms; stable, windmill and tank;
cheap.
> I :;?.«;0 — 138 acres east of San Jose, 123 acres
In hay; «ood solL
6*nd stamp for printed, list.
W. J. WHITK. 2« Montgomery et.. room 8.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
- Full charge taken of property.
BTOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
California, Nevada. Arizona. Mexico stock
ranches for their value tor grazing— vast tracts
suitable for subdivision and colonization. Val-
uable not alcne for grazing, but for Umber, ag-
riculture, oil. minerals or town sites. We have
many tracts where frost never occurs. We
bave many valuable pasture lands where graiw
cattle are fat In April, when beef commands
the highest price.
We have business property that will pay 6
p*r cent net on cost for <3ve or ten years" Iea«e.
We liave residences, up to date, in the land of
Use 1' inca, orange, sunshine, fruit and flowers.
We have many beautiful orchard homes Ui
the famed 6anta Clara Valley, near the Garden
City of Calllornia. Good dairy and alfalfa
ranches.
We can offer a Mexican grant that will sup-
port 10,000 bead of cattle for only $50,000.
CHAP.LES W COE & CO.,
Real Estate, Cattle and Loass,
7S-7* Aureraik Bldg.. 6aa Jose, Cal.
A IIOML'. indeed — 1 10 acres in the famous or-
chard section or the Wewtern elope. Pajaro
Valley, within 3 miles of. S. p. R. R.; 23
acres in apple*. lw in apricots, 13 In French
prunes. 2 in Bartlett pears, 1 In cherries, 11
» noree full bearing vines: good hoime, winery,
. barn, fruit house, stock, sheds; water piped ,
to all builrftnc* from a live spring.
GAFFEY a. MAHON.
f»«>."> California et.
tWO— BARGAIN lor immediate Bale; 15 acres
valley land, rlose to Isrge town.- Alameda
'"aunty; 10 acrt-s in bearing vineyard,- Home
ft-ulte;' Imuir H room*, barn. lrt.OOO-gallon
lank and mill; complete arrangements for
poultry raising; a model and productive
hnrne; owner a r.on-n vi<If nt and must be
nold: call and wee photon at this office.
MI. H. CRANE. &03 California et.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALAMEII.l HEAI- ESTATE
<^
TO THE FORE '
THE BEST PROPOSITIONS
REAL ESTATB
EVER OFFERED IN
WE ARE SATISFIED.
WHY?
BECAUSE OUR OBJECT HAS BEEN
ATTAINED.
-WE HAVE CAUGHT
THE EYE •
OF THE PUBLIC.
JUST A FEW GOODBUY8.
$200 — Good 4-room • cottage, furnished; barn,
outhouses and chickens; on car line; lot
50x110.
$1800— Modern 6-room cottage; near station
and school. • ' ¦
$2250 — Two-story frame building, 8 rooms and
bath; fine well, mill and tank; lot 50x150;
good investment. ¦•.-
$2000— Modern up-to-date 5- room cottage; on
San Jose ave.: just completed; combina-
tion electric light and gas.
$4500 will buy a baautiful 8-room house with
all the latest modern improvements,* in-
cluding carpets, rugs, curtains, coal range
and xas stove; combination electric light
and gas; fine basement, with porcelain
bath and patent toilet;, basement lighted
by ejectrlcitv. Don't fall to see this
beautiful home. Lot 50x130.
BEFORE YOU PURCHASE. , CALL AND
SEE OUR LARGE AND CHOICE LIST OF
PROPERTIES.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND,
CONTRACTORS AND BUILDERS.
1422 PARK ST.,
ALAMEJDA.
SALESMAN IN OFFICE TO-DAY FROM
8:30 TO 4:80.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1600 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
I *. . ¦ ¦ . ¦ -
$2300 buys a beautiful new 5-room cottage;
very modern.
$1500 buys a good 5-room cottage; a snap. -
$1750 buys a fine 6-room cottage: very cheap.
J250O buys a 5-room cottage; lot 50x159.
$2000 buys a great bargain In a C-room cot-
tage; lot 40x140: on Santa Clara ave.: choice
location.
$3500 buys a 7-room colonial house; cheap.
$42SO buys an elegant modern 8-room house.
¦ $6000 buys* a beautiful 8-room house; new;
corner lot.
BARGAINS IN ALL PARTS OF ALAMEDA.
HOUSES AND LOTS FOR SALE AT COST.
$fi50O — Business property: rented for 3 years
at $«0 per month; Investigate.
Cost 522,000; must be sold; 12 rooms and
bath; lot 75x187; corner lot.
Only $10,000.
To rent — A good 6-room house; lot 75x150;
very convenient; $21.
Houses Built, Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
Tel. Alameda 400.
THE ISLAND CITY.
Beautiful Alameda ' for Homes. /
• ¦ Some that I can sell you:
$12,500; 19 rooms; large grounds.
$7,500; 10 rooms; large lot: central location.
$4250; 0 rooms; large lot; near station.
$4250; 6 rooms; cottage; corner lot.
'$2200; 5 rms; cottage; convenient to station.
$1200; 4 rooms; cottage; nice small home.
These and many other both improved and
unimproved properties. Come eee me.
ELMER E. JOHNSON. 1501 Park st.
* READ THIS—
COTTAGE: 6 rooms: nearly new; choice loca-
.. tlon: new Dorcelaln sink and bathtub; new
.•¦flush closot ;¦ newly papered and painted ln-
¦ side and out; everything in llr^t-class condi-
tion; ir s»oM at once $1400 on easy terms;
cost owner $2400; only sold on account owner
going East, j J. S, HANLEY. .1310, Park »t.
$5250— A RARE:-. bargainer. chance of a life-
..time; two- beautiful up-to-date .-¦ modern •!-
room flats on Clinton ave.; bay frontage;
beautiful marine view; elegant surf bathing:
bathhouses, etc.: this Is a rare chance; don't
overlook It. HAMMOND St HAMMOND. 1422
Park st.
FOR dale — New cottage of 5 rooms, lot 40x100,
at first cost: terms. - J. H. YOUNG, owner
and builder. 1243 Park St.. Alameda.
$3000 WILL buy one of .the prettiest new
modern homes In Alameda: 7 rooms and
bath; large lot; choice, location. H. G.
MEHRTENS. 1600 Webster st.
"WANTED — A good-sized building lot in Ala-
meda for cash. Address J. P. HARBIN,
ISO" Sherman St., Alameda. . -
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
FURNISHED house to let, C rooms and bath;
modern; large, beautiful grounds; handy to
station. 1)25 Santa Clara ave.
ALAMEDA FUltMSHED HOUSES.
TO let — Finely furnished flat of 5 rooms: choice
Vacation. H. G. MEHRTKNS. 1600 Webster.
ALAMJSDAKOOMS. ¦
ALAMEDA' S best caravansary. Park Hotel,
European; excellent cafe. Park-st. station,
narrow gauge railway.
ALAMEDA STORES. TO LET.
1514 PARK et.,' Alameda: cheap store. lftxtiO
feet; $12 60. ©r will i e t a part, SH. Apply
to-day on the rfemises.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN.
$5500— Worth $10,000; bank loaned $5000 on
this property; must be sold; 8 beautiful
larga rooms; good' as new; Gti-toot street;
3 blocks to both trains;' lot 125x143; large
barn; fruit trees; prettiest garden in
Berkeley; street work air done.
$7500 — New 7-room house, with all modern im-
provements; fln» barn: running: water to
house and barn: fruit trees; lots of oak
i-hade trees; only 30 mmutes to Berkeley;
20 acres fenced and crcssfenccd.
$3150— Now 7-room home; frescoed walls; fine
mantels; one block to cars; $500 cash,
balance $25 vper month. .
$2300 — Nearly new 4-room cottage and bath;
all furnished. Including new piano; lot
60x135; fruit trees and beautiful flower
garden; chicken-house, pigeon-house; half
' block to train; owner East.
$1000— Fine 4-room cottaxe and bath; lot 40x
100; '•'< blocks to train; $200 cash, balance
$15 per month. Including interest. . *
$1400 — 5-room cottage: lot SUxlSO; street work
all done; lVi blocks from San Pablo ave. ;
$400 cash, balance $12 per month.".-
$2500-— Fine corner store and one 4-room arjd
one 6-room flat; large lot; 1 block from
. main station. "
$2500— New 4-room cottage and 2^ acres of
land; barn; good well; 4 miles from
Berkeley. ¦ , ij
$2250 — $200 cash, balance $20 per month; 5
beautiful rooms: street work all done; 2
blocks to trains. . -
W. C. MORAN, South Berkeley.
$5500— 0-ROOM house; Benvenue ave.; lot BOx
I4S: fine house and Is a bargain.
$1500— On Hlllegass* ave., near Derby; facing
the • bay; no better place for home in
Berkeley
$600— Lot 40x135; street wprk done;. 3 blocks
' ' of Dwlzht way, station. ' '
$lS00-^Large lot on Clalrniont ave., % of ao
acre; choicest property In Berkeley.
$S00 — Good lot In Wheeler Tract.
$2100— Elegant building site on Euclid near
Ridze road. . . •¦...-¦
$2500— 0 rooms and bath; new; one block from
care; easy terms.
$3500— 7-room house; 50xlS5; sunny; convenient
to station:- real bargain.'- .
CHENEY -St BERRY, -Po*tofflc« Block,
Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY BARGAINS— HOMES AND iN-
VESTMENTS. . . ;•',¦! • >••
We are prepared to take care , of. a ¦ goodly
share of the active trade In real estate which
Berkeley Is now experiencing — much x more ac-
tive than 'ever before. y -;.
We have residence lots, business investments
and desirable, homes. We have barralns for
cash and bargains on easy terms," which : would
be more profitable. ;. „. . -
Call and see us, and we will show ' you the
best buyg.ln the city.' or,- write -us -what . you
want and we will? send you an interesting list.
LYM AN ALLEN.' 2129 Center st, , Berkaley.
$100O—FINE lot, 50x100, with '£ large 2-story
,barn; street- ,work complete; .1- minutes
. to; Ashby. station; lot alone, worth^th*
"-'.'¦ money. ,. * '¦', ".-¦".¦¦¦ s •¦"' ,i'i .''¦ '.¦¦•¦;'.'; .
$1400— Modem " • up-to-date -. 5-room cottage;
south;frontaEa::near;San-Pablo;ave. - :
$1250—4 rooms;; high basement and attic; fruit
• : trees,* -, berries, •- etc. : ; small barn ; ;' lot ' 50x
• 100; half -block; to : cars, •-¦- " \ ¦ ¦:. ¦:¦¦-.. -. ¦
O. CV EMS WE. A shb v Sta t Ion. Tel. * Stuart ' TOO.
BEltKJSLEY ApVEBT'S'M'NTS i
TO^^raE^^YOUNG^^MAN CONTEMPLATING
MATRIMONY: TAKE THE ADVICE OF 1
AN OLD TIMER— START RIGHT; BEGIN
YOUR MARRIED LIFE BY LIVING IN. 1
YOUR OWN:. HOUSE: COME AT ONCE
AND SEE THAT PRETTY HOUSE OF
SEVEN ROOMS AND BATH, WITH ALL
MODERN IMPROVEMENTS. INCLUDING
FURNACE — A -. PLACE YOU WILL NOT
. BE ASHAMED TO HAVE THE RICH
UNCLE OF YOUR DARLING COME TO
VISIT YOU. AND A PLACE THAT CAN
BE BOUGHT ON VERY EASY^TERMS.
• If It's a lot of good level land you want for
your money, this * will suit you: 210 feet of
perfectly level land,, with a fine view of the
bay, within 1000 feet of a good school,-~amd
only $750.
. Only $4000 — A new house of 7 rooms (4 bad-
rooms), window shades, - combination fixtures,
street work all done, within 8C0 feet of Key
'Route station. / " * •» '¦' '• - - — _-.....
One of California's prettiest homes— a Swiss
chalet on a fine • corner lot. in one of the best 1
- parts of Berkeley; a bargain at $U5€0.
"The flowers that bloom In the spring. tra-la,.i
have nothing to do with the case.'.' but they |
certainly have something to do In advertising
that 2-story, 9-room house with a "lot '70x135;
ros* garden,' carnation -beds, -lawn,- etc.; -near!
the Key Route; you must see it to appreciate
it; only $6000. .
Only 4 lots left- In Hopkins' Terrace, by far
the cheapest, choicest of the hill lots; only 10U0
feet from railroad -station, and .¦ reached by
electric car line. : , ;
- JOSEPH J. MASON. REAL ESTATE.
. SE. cor. Center st. and Shattuck . ave.
- $2600— HALF block by the Santa Fe; $50
month. • " ¦ - "
$1400— New cottage, C rooms, bath, pantry,
city water, sanitary plumbing; lot 50x100; I
block from electric cars; $160 down, $25
monthly. - - '-
$850 — Neat cottage, 5 rooms and bath; near
station of local train. ' \
$500 — Lot, 50x120, en broad macadamized
street; $50 down, $10 monthly; Interest 6 per
cent • net. .... ¦ > ¦ •
$1200— House, 4 rooms; garden, etc.; $150
down, $10 per month.
$1850— House, 6 rooms and bath;- lot 50x130;
small barn; street sewered. --.
$1250 — Business corner on principal avenue;
lot 60x100.
$1500— Lot for factory elte*221xl25.
,$250— Triangle lot. 40x120, *wlth creek lined
with willows; $25 down, $10 month.
(illOO—House, 4 rooms; lot 47x125; $100 down,
$15 per month.
$375— Business lot, 20x75: $20 down. -
$250 — Lot. 60x100: ?23 down. $5 month.
CHARLES A. BAILEY,
1058 University fcve.-.-nr. San Pablo ave.,
• West Berkeley.
ELLIS- & CO..' -Phone North 92.
2150 SHATTUCK AVE.
$12,000 — Over 40 lots between Shattuck ave.
and ' Telegraph ave.: elegant ground;
chance to double your money in six
months.
$6,000 — Modern 9-room house on sightly north-
east corner; lot 00x160 feet; five latgs.s
sunny bedrooms upstairs; lower floor
connected by folding doors; concrete
basement and laundry; handsome In-
terior and convenient arrangement: lo-
cated in the choicest part of the famous
Hlilegaos Tract; best bargain in Berke-
ley. k
$2,750— New 7-room house; lot 40x135; double-
polUhM floors: porcelain hath: sightly
ground; excellent neighborhood; must
gel!.
$1,250 — The finest lot for the money In Hop-
kins Terrace: 50x135 feet.-
$650 — Choice, large lot, near North Berkejey
station.
JUSTER & BAIRD.
$1600— 5-room cottage; lot 3fixllO; close In.
$1600 — 6-room cottage; lot 40x125.
$1850 — 5-room cottage; lot 50x135. * '-
$2100— 0-room cottage; nicely finished.
$2550— 5-room cottage; lot 50x135; can be se-
cured almost at your own terms.
$2t!00 — Dainty and modern <5-room house.
$2750 — New 6-room house; nice place.
$¦'{160 — Nice «-room -cottage; a good buy.
$"2.*>0 — Modern 0-room house; new; west exp.
$3500— Modern 7-room house. See this.
$3750 — S-room house; close to station.
$4000 — Fine 8-room house, with barn; lot lOOx
135. This Is truly a snap.
$5500 — Elegant 8-room house In the Berry-
Bangs Tract. Fine location.
$6700 — Beautiful home"ln. .the .Hlllegass Tract;
Ibt 60xlQ3i--.hou'se # 6f!j);r6on*« / / ¦¦""''
We have IbtS-'of" lots'"ln "every portion. . of
Berkeley. See us before going elsewhere.. .
JUSTER & BAIRD, 2137 Shattuck ave.
' REAL -ESTATE COMPANY, .
'*' ' 2149 CENTER ST.. .-BERKELEY.
WORTH $3250.
A Snan for Some One. ,
6-room house-high basement; ehed'20x2O; 25
assorted fruit" trees; . fine . lot,. 80x135: ..street
work all done; only. 3 minutes' .walk from
North Berkeley station; fine view. We will
consider any reasonable offer.
If you want to RENT. BUY or BUILD In
Berkeley it will pay you to see u».
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
2149 CENTER ST.. BERKELEY. '
$2700 — NEW 5-room .cottage and high .base-
ment; large lot; street .work complete; :
$700 cash, balance easy.
$750 for only a short time; 4 lots, 40x120
each, in warm belt of town; one. block I
of College ave., situated on Cherry st.
$2200 — 7-room houge; Iot 50x140; pear car
line and station; street work complete; '
must be sold at once; come and investi-
gate. ¦
Now is the tim<» to get your choice of houses
for rent for the coming year. We have a good
list from which to select.
MORAN &. SWAIN.
2131 Bhattuck ave..
Odd. Berkeley Station.
GREAT BARGAIN— New 5-room bungalow cot-
I tage; mantel, folding doors, porcelain bath,
pantry, tiled sink, gas and electric lights,
city water, nice garden: lot, 40x125, all
fenced - and cross fenced, macadamized
street, cement sidewalks, irwell neighbor-
hood: price $2500; terms $350 cash,
$25 monthly: 2 blocks to both 'ferrtt-s and
electric cars; convenient to schools, church
and stores. Open Sundays. O. -A. RU-
DOLPH, Lorln station. . •¦•;
$400 FOR fine large lots lying in the suburbs
of Berkeley; elegant homes In the vicinity;
electric car line, being laid- 4 blocks away;
buy now and get In on ttie ground floor: Ap-
ply to W. J. MORTIMER & CO.. 2123 Center
st.. Berkeley.
$1550 FOR a fine lot 62x100 In the Scenic Park I
Tract, adjoining. University; elegant view;
street -macadamized; a special prlca for a
few days. $1550— W. J. MORTIMER & CO.,
2123 Center st.:
WE are agents for the- Scenic 'Park and the
Wheeler Tract. W.J. MORTIMER & CO.,
Berkeley. ¦ - . K
$S50 TAKES lot 75x120; street work complete:
8 blocks to Key route and Ashby station; a
pickup. * . . * .' .
$110O^-Cottage, 0 rooms; large lot; good loca-
tion; a bargain. . -..••¦
Two' elegant 5-room cottages;, new and moj-
ern; will suit * anybody; close to Key route.
Don't mips this chance. - - - .
MURDOCK & CO.; South: Berkeley.
Open Sunday. .
BERKELEY BARGAINS. -
-. 10-room house; near Key Route, east of Shat-
tuck; lot 50x135; $3750.
« acres, heart of Berkeley, j v.-lth Improve-
ments; $7000.
J. P. HALE,
1511 Bhattuck ave., 2515 8hattuclc ave.,
North Berkeley. ¦ ' Dwlght way. '
Phone Mason 732. Phone Derby 1022.
¦< . ¦- ' CHOICE OFFERING.
74 FEET FnONTAOB: $S2 CO PER FOOT.
IRREGULAR DEPTH. •'
2 blocks from cars, fl blocks from university,
on heights in Wheeler Tract; facts Golden
Gate: unexcelled view of all bay points;. this Is
not far from^S. P. and. Key Route ferries to
San Francisco. •« • ----
Wrtte Owner, box 1130, Call office, Oakland.
NEW 5-room cottage: paneled dining-room,
fireplace, porcelain bath, etc.; laundry with
stationary washstanda, white sink; modern
plumbing' all through; basement, etcx] one
," block o£ station, . either line: cars afWoor;
¦* for tale on payments less than rent; tavfitl-
FRANCIS FERRIER, Real Estate and \ In-
nurance, 2121 Shattuck , ave., opp. BEKKB-
¦ - LEY Station, f;:;,,;.:.'-'; ,'¦¦ ,~:,- . ¦.,.•-'
THK GREATEST. SNAP IN BERKELEY.
$2250— Cash $250. balance like .rent; nearly,
new" 2-story • colonial ; house ; of - 7 guod : rooms,
viz. — dining-room paneled In redwood, sire 14x
20, mantel and .'fireplace; -receptlon T room,
kitchen, 4 bedrooms, bath. 2 toilets; -city ..wa-
ter; wired for electric light; NWy. corner lot,
40x97; 7 minutes from Ashby station.". Sole
agent. H. D. IRWIN, . Lorln,. R. R. , station,
Berkeley. ? Oven Sunday*. - . ' . ¦ '¦' _ '.
5400 each.Vs '-^ -"¦:¦. \'" n ''. "-::.' -¦' '- : '"'
A few more fine - lots, 50x100; east of Tele-
graph ave.,' close, to 2 car' lines. ¦-:- , . ...
- $050' each — Lots ,44x185: ' street work all done;
between Shattuck: and Telegraph aves. <
- > . LITTLE" &« WOO LSEY,
2110 Sha.ttuck •, ave.. ;., Berkeley.
180 FEET Jfrontace.^ fine for "building;" strict
work. done;? for only $25 per foot. , ,
S. S. OUACKENBUSH, "
,. 2171. Shattuck ave., ,
¦ : ' .-' . - ,. Berkeley,; Cal., :. ; * . .,'.,¦. '¦ -
M.' P. W. ALBEK, REAL > ESTATE— Large
list homes, , residence . lots a nd business prop-
• ": erty: also - choice ; Investment '; property.,- pay-
Ing 6 to 10 per cent, net, v Lowest < prices and
: satisfaction 7 guaranteed. ¦:. 2130 : Center , at. .«g
FRUITVALE Advertisements.
* UL'ITVALB KKAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station. Cal.
($1100 — Modern 4-room cottase: hall, bath: a
very attractive place: unly 2 blocks from
2.5d ave. station; $1CO cash down, balance
$14 'per month. This Is a anap.
$1000 — Cozy cottage of 4 rooms, pantry, closets;
street macadamized: fine barn, fruit tree?:
lot C«xl€8: close to car line; very eaay
terms. '
$030 — Fine 4-room cottage; barn, chicken
houses, frtilt trees, berry vines, etc. 1 iot
50xlC8; a nice little home; S block* from
car line; small sum down, balance $11 per
month.
$1600 — New cottage of 4 rooms, ¦ all modern:
lot 60x100; 2 blocks from Fruttvate sta-
tion; terms *15O cash down, balance «cu
ag rent. ¦ ¦
$lfc«0 — New modern cottage of 4 large room.-*:
hall, porch, bath. 7-foot basement, cement
walks, etc.; lot .T3:0xlO4; fronting on car
line; $150 down, balance on very easy-
payments.
•fllCO — Sunny corner lot and 4-room cctta<e:
basement: street work all done, etc.; 2^i
blocks from Twenty-third ave. station.
$1850 — Extra gocd modern house of 0 room?,
bath. ¦ mantels etc. ; fruit trees, choice
flowers and shrubberies, etc.; cne'blocle
from car line and wHhln walking distance
to local station; must be sold;- terms to
: .suit. ¦ . v
$1650— Beautiful ccttage of 5 rooms; ail new
and modern: magnificent view; fine gar-
den soil, fruit trees; lot 50x144; only. 2
" blocks from Frultvale ave. car line; smail
sum cash down, balance easy monthly
. payments.
tlOOO — New modern cottage of 5 rooias and,
reception ball, electric wires, etc.: lot
" v 50xlC0; one block from Frultvale station;
a big bar.aln.
$2220 — Very fine ccttage of 4 rooms, hall. bath,
fruit trees.' berry vines.' summer house,
etc. ; let. 70x114; half block from Frult-
vale ave, car line.
$25C0— Bungalow ccttage of 5 rooms; new and
attractive; lot 50x150; choice part of
FrJltvale. •
$3500— Two-story . house of 8- rooms; strictly
modern; large lot; fine neighborhood: *
Errand place.
$16C0— l^i acres of good soil; 2-room house,
fruit trees: best place for raising, chickens.
$1700— One «ere of land and new 4-room cot-
tage; barn, chicken houses and yard;
' spring water; most handy location.
Also unimproved lots and acreage in Frultvale
and vicinity at low prices/ ...
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Stat/on. Cal.
SNETSINGER & MATTESON,
1214 Frultvale ave.. Frultvale, Cal.
Followlnr are a few of our bargains. Wi
have a larze list of them:
$1200 — Two-story house of i large rooms, pan-
try and bath; good sise lot: more Uffd If
desired; near station and school.
?140O—8 lots In desirabl* locution: 2-rooni
v .house: fruit, berries', plgeon-houn'?. chick-
en-house, well and pump: near, church,
school and cars.
{6300 — 6 acres, all in bearing fruit: n-ar San
Lorenzo; electric or .«ervie» every half
hour; «i-room houi"». .barn. . - chicken-
bouses and yards, windmill • and tank:
horse and buggy; 1C-0 chickens: a good
- ' income home. . t . - ... -.. ••
?l(50(V— \Vi acres in fruit and berrf«s: 2-room
hw!««»; right. In town; near school and
electric cars: this is a real snap and Just
. the place dezens are looking for; see It
•1S00 — New 4-room cottase on corner Jot:. SSr
150; macadamized street; near sch-Trt and
electric cars; Hi fine residence «eetl»*»»:
reduced to sell before first of month ;
owner leaving town: easy terms.
$1700^ — House of 8 rooms and bath: high, base-
ment; large lot: near, station, school ani
¦ cars; small amount down and, $15 per
month. .
J2200 — 6-room honse-in fine location;' l^blocJc
from school and. electric cars; near sta-
tion: large let; 3 living rooms.' .1 f>d-
rooins. large pantry, bath, electricity, sta-
tionary trays, shades, city water. *e"Xer.
etc.: must be sold Immediately, and $100
down from desirable party will buy it.
$1700— New 4-room hcuse in very rtesirablo
. ..jart of town: lot 30x125; more land *t
. reasonable figure; high basement, porce-
lain bath, electricity, etc.: small amount
down and $16 50 per month.
, SNETSINGER & MATTESON.'
Pbon* Brook 632. 1214 Fruitvale ave., Fnilt-
. vale. Cal. . ¦ . --l,.:^' _
SATHER TRACT.
6 minutes' walk from Frultvale station;
come and see the buildings going %
up: view the surroundings.
Lots 10x125 $450 ro
Lots 40x150 '. .'.. ..;.$4.V>rr>
Lots 37:6x125: very choice *4J2 '¦>*
Lots 37:fixl23; east front $483 00
Lots 25x105 $25G 0<)
SALSBURY. Exclusive Agent.
Office, Frultvale ave.. near P. O.,'
Fruitvale Station.
SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS. : \*>; K
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK
The terminus of S-cent fare. Hayward* cars;
streets graded and graveled: stone sidewalk*;
depot on tract: lots from 150 to $200: $20 cash
and balance $10 per month: 15 blocks to local
train; b*«t located property on San Leandro
road- graded school on tract. Apply. to S. S.
AUSTIN 1101 Twenty-third ave.. -O-'-Iaad.
OAKLAND APVTSMffTS.
OFPICE, 1113 BBOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
S. M. DODGE & SON,
1160 Broadway. Oakland. Phone Lake 3".
, ' ' $2M*V-A-»ew modern two-story house of 9
rooms and bath, modern convenience* anil
plumbing; lot 33.86x115; south std* Grant st.,
near Telegraph ave.: a very small cash pay-
ment makes this home your own.
$3150 — A well built IVi-story.. cottage of 6
large rooms: built for owner: modern plumb-
ing: high basement; lot 45:t5xll»:«: on north
side Moss ave.. near. Telegraph ave.; a sr-lenslia
, home.
•3700— A new two-story house of. 7 rooms
and bath: all modern. Improvement*: nice lawn;
•north side Edwards st.. near Telegraph avft.:
lot 50x125 ;' many fine residences all about It:
only 810UO cash, balance easy.
$26 a front foot: only vacant lot In block;
north side 33d st.: fine neighborhood; let lOOx
100, or In subdlvliions of £1:4; a chance for a
fine home site; Street work all done.
Siobo— For two lots In blocs: B, Falrview
Tract, Piedmont, close to OakUnd-ave. car
line: splendid building lots. vi
' $3000— For a lot 50x100 in the bonton: resi-
dence district; only let In block; close to center
of city and one block of street car linen.-
, WE HAVE IMPROVED AND". UNIM-
PROVED PROPERTY RANGING FROM'$53O
TO KJ5.O0O. • AND WILL BE , PLEASED TO
! 8HOW 6AMK TO YOU. .< '
- - . 6. M DODOJ: & SON..
11C0 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
PHONE LAKE S«.
. . 1 , FRANK P. LEE.
flllBROADWAY, OAKLAND.
$5400-'Best th vestment In Oakland • for * th«
money: 'I flats, built 4 year*; 7 rooms,
bath laundry : and basement each; gas
and electric lighting; situate between Tel-
¦ ave. and Grove St.. close to busi-
ness-center and local trains: steady ten-
ants at $34 per mo., or $648 per year; pays
12 rer cert. • . .
12350— Fine cottage; 5 large rooms and b»th:
2 rooms finished In basement for kitchen
and dining room: lot 40x150: desirably lo-
•' cated rn Ka»i Oakland.
"$1700 — New 5-room cottage: porcelain bath and
sink: laundry: sunny «ide: lot 30x120: near
Piedmont ave. and new Key Route station
soon to be.
$1950— In • West Oakland: substantial
double bay-window. 7 rooms: new plumb-
' *lng: porcelain bath: oil in good order: lot
23x35: snap for rallijoad man; immediate
posseealcn. '
14750 Built for a home 2 years ago; first cla»»
In every respect: 7 rooms: cemented base-
ment: sunny side of street; close to Telt-
• "-¦ • graph ave. and -local trains.
$5150— Fin© modern 8 rooms; gas and I ccsl
grates- artistic design and finish; adjoins
Linda Vista; *i block to cars: 10 minute*
to business center; fine home; Immediate
011 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
$15C0 CASH. $25 monthly: 2-story new rx«3»
of 8 • rooms and- large store, about 300 feet
* frontage on-the Hay wards road: would main
a tine roadway house: good business center;
house Insured- for $2^00; 4 acres of rich sandy
loam soil goes with It: cars pass the door every
few minutes ; 125 feet wide . street, finely
macadamized ; the Frultvale Boulevard : *lz#
4 acres- ought to aee this at once. : Calf or
•send for circular, -4.15 Seventh St.. opposite
Broadway station, Oakland: carriage .free.
* H - Z. JONES. Land Owner. » '-.,. '
A 'SNIP— $2800 — On Grove »».: fine surround.
Ings: ¦ owner wants -to go East.
$600— A -fine -.TO- foot lot. ?> mlnutrs".wal!c
"from Key Route: street- work,; all -'-'done.
WM. P- - TODD. l"70 Broadway, Oakland.-
For Additional . Classified Advertise-
ments See Page Forty ; Four. , 'THE SAN FRANCISCO VCALL,' SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 1904.
44
BCSIXESS . CHANCKS— ConttimesV
A— $1000; DAIRY produce and delicatessen
store; close to ' Market at. ; dally receipts
about $40; rent $45; good business; value. In
sight. R.G. WILKE. 26^ ¦ Kearny St.-
A— $550; OYSTER arid ''chop house; . close : to
Ellis and Mason sts.; rent $35; worth at
'least $800; rare opening. See: R. - G.
WILKE. 26>4 Kearny St.. .
A— $5000; CORNER grocery and bar; 'cash
business; store receipts about $60 per day;
bar receipts --about-^20;' owner will sell for
cash or - trade for pronerty at the actual
value of $5000. Call R. G. WILKE. 2GVi
. . Kearny st. • . - '
A— $2600; CORNER grocery and bar, on Powell
st.:: 5 years' lease; rent $40; business estab.
years and first-class paying; value in sight.
Call R, G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. . , '
A— $5000; THIS leading saloon in manufacturing
i town of about 5000. inhabitants; 5 years'
lease; rent ShO; full value In sight; first-class
paying business; about '—> miles from S. F.
Call K. G. WILKE, 26>4 Kearny st.
A— $220C; DAIRY . produce and delicatessen
•tore; established - years;- rent $55; monthly
sales about $1500; a first-class paying bust-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $750: CIGAR stand on Market St.; rent $66;
, one of the best-located stands and a business
where : tallest investigation is solicited: a
bargain. Call R. . G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— $80C0; CORNER grocery and bar with 5
.years' lease; rent 575; 2 horses; 2. wagons;
- average cash store trade $2500 per month;
dally bar receipts $25; full value In sight;
location the best in the city. Call R. . G.
WILKE. 26 »4 Kearny st. '
A— $400; PLUMBING aad gasfltUng shop on
Flllmore St.; rent $26; owners must «»11 at
once aa they are engaged In another busl-
nm.' Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— $3000; GROCERY store; established many
years and doing A large cash business;
located close to Market and Sixth sts.; a
good paying business; Investigate and you
find a very rare business opening. Call R.
O. WILKE, 20H Kearny st.
A— $750; SALOON on Montgomery St.; plsee
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month: investigate; a bargain. Call R.
Q. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg-.;
8 years' lease; net rent $120; this Is one of
the ¦ best saloon locations in this city, and
a live man can clear .$500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^4 Kearny st.
A— $1300; CORNER cigar stand on Kearny:
. rent $85; lease; a good business; come and
Investigate. R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1100; SALOON.- with 3 rooms; close* to
Kearny and Bush sts.; rent $75; lease; plac*
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choicest stock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $650; CORNER bakery, with 4 living
rooms; about 2 blocks north of Market st. ;
will be sacrificed if sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $750; CANDY store and Icecream parlors,
with stationery, etc. on Devisadero St.; 3
living rooms; a splendid location and gocd
business. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $12C0; COFFEE saloon and bakery In
choicest location: - rent - $80; dally receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
T. J. DUNN & CO., Phone Howard 8463.
Business Sales Agents,
Suite 203. 1312 Market st.
Callaghan Building.
We are rapidly collecting a new and desir-
able list of. all kinds of business places for
sale. Our books are entirely new. If you do
not see advertised exactly what you want,
come have a talk with us. We can please you.
MILLINERY store, commercial center of city;
old established, exquisite stock, select pa-
trons; 5-year lease; easy rent; near Kearny:
price S225O. includes, fixtures; reason for
selling, made enough to retire. Exclusively
with DUNN.
CIGAR store. Market St.; at Invoice; bona. flda
proposition; $1200; good place; good lease.
DUNN. -
DAIRY and route, near ¦ by town; 12 cows,
horses, wagon, cans, etc. ; $800. . DUNN.
¦ CANDY . store; . superb - location; small rent;
small Investment; large, lucrative business;
lease; bear inspection; best opportunity ever
offered; at half Invoice; . price $750; reason,
poor health. DUNN.' - >
HOTEL and bar, near by country town; old
established: pays well; value in sight; lease;
35 rooms; this Is O K; $3500. DUNN.
BOOKS and stationery, centrally located, at
less than invoice; $700. See DUNN.
Hotels, lodging-houses, cigar, candy, grocery,
delicacy, millinery, book and notion stores too
numerous to mention. Come and see us.
T. J. DUNN & CO.
$350— ELECTRIC-LIGHTED ; candy and pastry
store; 3 furnished rooms. Box 3132. Call.
$250 — BRANCH 'bakery and candy store: 3 fur-
nished rooms; rent .$15. 1203'4 G. G. ave.
A FIRST-CLASS cigar stand; •will sell for In-
voice;: less .than. $350; no agents. 301 Turk
St.. corner Leavenworth.- 1 ¦ ¦ ¦ .
WANTED— $200; partner In paint store and
painting business. 1934 Market st. '
A SNAP FOR CASH. • ' • '
Only . drug . store In railroad town In bay
county; decease of • owner necessitates a
quick sale for cash: -stock gauranteed to be
Al as to salabUlty, good condition and selec-
tion; health resorts surround town; fine open-
Ing, for good .surgeon. Box 1417, Call office.
$6000 — Hotel ¦ and \ bar In Oakland ; * good cen-
tral corner; lone lease ' and very profitable
business; owner- retiring: has cleared $13,000
the last 5 years. THE ALDEN CO.. 1118
Broadway,. Oakland." . . ., .-
FOR sale at . invoice — Stock ¦ and fixtures of
first-class grocery and llnuor store on De-
vlsadero st. : horse and wagon and number
of steady, customers. See Mr. Farren with
WM. CLUFF CO.. Market st. . -.
POPULAR office man wanted: must ¦-. furnish
. caxh; 6 per cent Interest and fair salary first
year: nothing better: no triflers. See LAWN,
437 Parrott building. . , ; v 7
ONE man each State with references and few
- hundred : dollars secures 12 years' business;
selling only article of kind In -world; pro-
tected by 4 patents. HULL, 154 East 23d
St., New York.
$3o0 SECURES - Interest- In -light office work
whereby party can easily clear $00 monthly;
references exchanged; experience not neces-
sary: live man wanted; bona fide. proposition.
Particulars 1007% Market St.. - room 1. -
HAVE you $500? .Either- sex:- We offer se-
curity in double amount and good paying po-
sition besides: no risk ;-v O ur money. alone
can earn $1000 In short time. Room 69, 6
Eddy st. . ..¦•":. /......
i LEARN fortune telltnsr and make money; -we
personally teach you positively everything
neceseary. to make a success of the -business.
Call California Psychic Institute. 328 Eddy.
PERSONS looking, for well-established home
delicacies and- branch bakery- would do . well
to investigate at once: parties leaving city;
must be sold- this week. 581 O'Farrell st.
NEAT coffee-house:' heart of city; suitable for
man and wife; easily managed; big business;
half cash;, balance easy payments;, .trial
given. Box 3213. Call office. •
WANTED — A roan ' with means to publish and
' take half Interest. In Instrumental and up-to-
date songs.' Box 3177,'Call. .
$2000— PARTNER wanted In the new Air Light
business, the king of, all lights: we are sole
¦ conrtollers v of California: a fortune to be
..made. _6.Eddy st., room 2. ,
STOCK.or.bond Issue.wanted of reputable cor-
poration, .mining or Industrial, for selling, on
¦ commission: -give particulars.' P. O. box
J1463. New York City. . . . T .'
$3.VK) — SHOE store: fine stock: best location-
- will guarantee $R00 trade- per month: illness
cause for sale.,- D.' L. JUNGCK. 2111 Shat-
tuckave., Berkeley. Cal.' -- ¦ ¦-¦¦¦¦
$1250 WILL buy a block of stock In a well es-
. . tabllshed local business of 30 years' standing-
' will pay 10 per cent annually on investment--
" Box-]3t(>, Call office.- •' . . , .'
$225— A bargain If. taken at once: news stand/
confectionery, stationery, and school supplies-
stock new and clean; all lines complete- good
location.- 2SU9 California st. ; - no a gents. | x _
BOOKS, stationery.. etc.: $7500 stock in moun-
tain city; genuine bargain to cash buyer See
.manager, 10 to 11 a. m:. at Cunningham.
.CurtiES :&. Welch; no brokers.
FOR. SALE— A small .hotel, furnished, on
Beach Hill. Santa Cruz;, also furnished cot-
ta;e for rent.' Address "J. S.." 66 Wash-
ington st. - »
BAKERY" for sale in a good .'country town on
', t08?M t C Aulster C s^ S: ' ?
WANTED— A- side line for southern mines and
''-¦ 1415 cln offic 0 e rnta: Iiauors Preferred. > Box
HOTEL for rent (furnished) in, a country sum-
mer resort: .will! rent very reasonable to-re-
. sponelble party.. .Box; 4155.; Call. .
FOR -sale. cheapo-Bakery <: and ,' restaurant-
,must;be sold.'-Call.at 782 Mission ' st~JH° •
$250 1 BUYS .half interest Vtr»- massage^ parlor;
• sell- all If. required. ,J64 Larkin st. ~, -. .
$o25^-ESTABLISHED; . money ; back ' If not sat-
/ : S factor y ; : ,nve.t.gate., 0 lO ? Tele.^av..Oa k lana.:
BPSIJflESS CHAJrCES--C«mtIaiied/
A— STRANGEBS. ATTENTION I
¦Are you looking for a safe and prcfltab!"
business opening in San Francisco? If bo,
we can offer you any number requiring an
Investment from $1(X> to $50,000; every busi-
ness opportunity that passes through our or-
tlce must stand the closest Investigation, and
we am nlace you in a store, factory, hotel,
mill, office, or. in fact, any business you
ma v prefer.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
— •
A— BANK AND COMMERCIAL references.
j GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A GOOD OPENING -
For a youns; man who can invest $50O in a
high-class rtal estate office and fill position
of cashier; experience not necessary: invest-
ment secured and $2O- weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. D^ Market st.
A— WE 'WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
» GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 927 Market st.
A— SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTATION. ?-
A business man who can Invest $5000 casa.
with service*, can secure good openinjr witn
high-class company in this city. - "
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A— WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 9C7 Market st. ._
A— HOTEL FOR SALE.
New and modern: SO rooms: richly furnished,
complete and ready for occupancy: largs din-
ing-room with 16 tables and imported Vienna
chairs: the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver serv-
ice; 10 veara' lease; $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
OERMAXIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market st.
A— $100 REWARD v .
Will be paid for legal proof ahowinc that
any person evsr lost a dollar who invested
any money In or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANT.
Incorporated under th» laws of California.
Capital stock, $50,000.
827 Market St.. rooms 321, 322. 823. 824.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Market at.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
On investments of $100 and upward: no * get-
rich-qulck" swindle or gambling scheme, cut
a refutable business estab. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A — WE refer to 10.000 successful clients.
CERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 027 Maricet at.
A— XA SAFE INVESTMENT.
$1000 caah and services secure Interest and
office of treasurer In an Incorporated rsalty
and Investment company; $150 monthly as-
sured: highest references given and' required,
. GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st-
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR BUSINESS.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO., 827 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS, ATTENTION I
Do you wish to enlarga your business, or &»
you desire additional capital? If so. we caa
furnish vou with an acUve or silent partner
who will Invent from $100 to $50,000; we
have a iarxe number of desirable applicants
on our books s?eklng good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market st.
A — Largest brokerage company" on Pacific Coast.
• GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. 927 Market et.
A— THE BEST INVESTMENT. •
100 shares of cold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August. 19O4.
GERMANIA INVEST. CO.. fctf Maricet st.
SPECIAL bargains in select lodglng-houssa
Hotels.
Restaurants, groceries.
Delicacy stores, bakeries. - .?.;. -
Candy stores, notion stores 1
At greatly reduced prices. . jv \
PETERSEN REALTY CO.. 1035 Market st. i
FOUNDRY, well established In city; good pay-
Ing business, brass and iron; rent only $30;
clearing $400 monthly; great opportunity;
plant worth $4300: buyer can get control for
only $1500. MUTUAL. INVESTMENT CO..
467 Parrott bulldinir.
A WHOLESALE and manufacturing buslnm*
of- good standing desires to Interest a young
man with capital to take charge) of offlc* and
credit system; must be Al man. of good rep-
utation: no other need answer. Box S1S7.
' Call office. , ~ '. -
DRUGSTORE, stationery, etc. In a Ut» coun-
try town, doing a good business; , preseit
owner there 12 years: 3 physicians and only
store. Address A. S. DAT, 670 Twenty-
fourth st.. Oakland. ¦ , r-. .--.0-1-1 -
GENERAL merchandise store for sale la a
growing country town or will take a partner
i at a small per centage over Invoice. Box
1404. Call. ft »r\
GOOD country hotel In Sonomji County for
rent, with stable and grounds. Tor partlcu-
lars addreas box S534. Call. »
"WANTED — A partner for a flrst-clasa milli-
nery store: fine location; must have same
capital. Box 3194. Call office.
CANDY men. attention'. What will you givs
for that confectionery at 417 Fourth st.T
Look it over and make offer.
BUTCHER shop and fixtures complets. with 1
room, or suitable for branch store; rest $19.
For keys. 3506 Mission st.
$650— BEST corner cijrar stand In city of Oak-
land and good business corner. THE ALDEN
CO.. HIS Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale or trade — Home bakery, candy and
delicatessen store: over $25 per day; investl-
gate. .2474 Mission st. -
WANTED— A man with $500 to take half in-
terest in a canvas show. Call at 1172 Har-
rison st.. San Francisco.
WANTED — To borrow $500 by aa experienced
mushroom raJser. who can xnak* his own
spawn. Box 3143. Call.
HAY and grain business for sale: horses and
wagons: well established; $1650. Address
box 3546. Call. .. . '
CAPITAL wanted to enlarg* established profit-
able wholesale business; refs. exchanged.
Box 3173. Call. ' • ' '
A— BARBER shop; fine location: best bargain
In city; $225. BROWN CO.. 1221 Market st.
Horseradish grinding * delicatessen business;
good reason for selling. 2401 Mission ; st.
WANTED— Small dairy and chicken ranch;
some lmpts. Address F. M.. box 136S. CSJL
OYSTER and chop house for sale; .jrood loca-
tion ; cheap rent: living room. 1 8th. st.
WANTED — To buy a delicacy store; give loca-
tion and price. Box S026. Call.
DELICATESSEN on main street at bargain;
leaving city. Box 1427. Call office. -«:.v.
$X73 FINE corner cigar stand: fins stock;
good trade; see owner. US - Third ¦ st. .-.,
"LADY'S" bargain — Prosperous, old-eatab. na-
tions store; furn. rms.; cheap. Box 8170.- Catt.
GOOD second-hand furniture wanted. Box «J.
IOCS Market st. ' ¦ - : -.'
'$250 — NICE little restaurant: making • money;
owner has to leave. Box 1339. Call.' •
WANTED — To buy candy store: give price and
full particulars. Address box 1491. Call.
INVESTMENTS of $10 and up will draw dowa
10 per cent cure. Box 3161, Call. .
$300 — YOUNG man - with above amount $100
month guaranteed. Box . 314S. Call. .
CANDY store; good paying; cheap rent; must
be sold. ., Inquire 328 Hayes st. '. •.*-' .? v
TAILORING business; finest location. Partlea-
-Iars of cwner. on premises Monday. 33 Eddy.
FOR sale — Coffee and chophouse, with casa
register; $100. 642 Commercial st. ¦ -.
WANTED— Man of business ability with'
$3000 or more can secure good investment
and permanent position. In well -established,
paying manufacturing business. - For farther
particulars call In person or address. H. D.
PRESSEY, 501 Front st., San Francisco. Cat.
PATENT article; principal feature- great ad-
vertising medium; will exchange SO.OQO with
right to California for unimproved land: this
Is ¦ a snap: owner going to Europe - P. O.
box 162. Oakland. - :
DON'T work for -others: be boss: start mall-
order buslnexs; we help you: plan and eata-*
logue for stamp.' CENTRAL SUPPLT
COMPANY. Kansas City. Mo. :
HALF Interest old established real estate office
»ln Berkeley. P. O. box 162. Oakland. '.
A GOOD Investment for man or woman. Per-
. fume Palace. 773 Market st.
$300— FLORIST store: estab. 5 years; rent $18;
- 2 living rooms: good location. Box 1409. Call.
LODGIXG-HOUSES FOR SALE. ¦
MITCHELL & CO- Phone Jessie 2981
1206 Market *t.. opposite Sixth.
NOTICE.-
We have apartment-house.s, . rooming-house*
and flats to exchange. Call and examine our
list. ...
1 6-ROOM house, dose In. cheap rent, good
lease, no vacant : rooma. for $1200; payments
, monthly. "Address box 2760.- Call office. ¦
20 ROOMS. 3 blocks north of Market St.: good
furniture: lease. J. STRAUB. «30 Market st.
HOUSE.',11 rooms; cheap rent: good furniture:
/cash; call this week 11 to 4.- 329 CFarrell-
$700 -WILL buy nice lodging-house. 16 rooms.
9O3V4 1 Washington st.. Oakland.
A" BARGAIN: 9 rooms; cheap; must be add on
account of sickness. 212 Fifth st.
HOUSE of .7 rooms for: sale -cheap; leaving
' city; snap. 129 Fifth 'at. .
, CHURCH SEBVICES-— Coathmecl.
UKACE' Methodist" Episcopal" Church,' corner
Twenty-first and Capp sts.. Rev. F. M. Lar-
¦ kin, -Ph.D., -pastor; -residence, -3168 Twenty-
first st. — Services -11 • a. m. and 7 :45"p. - m. ;
Sunday-School 12:45 p.-m. Bishop Cyrus D.
FosB. LL. D., -of Philadelphia, Pa., will
preach at 11 a. m. 7:-15 p. m., the last ser-
vice of the union meetings which have been
in progress for two weeks, Mr. Hugh E.
Smith," evangelist. Special music by chorus
choir under Robert Husband, director. All
invited. Take, Mission tt. I or Valencia st.
cars to -Twenty- first., st. ¦• ;...'¦
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission St., bet.
Sixth and Seventh— It is expected that Bishop
D. A. Goodsell, D.D., L.L. D., will preach
in this church at 11 a. m. In the evening
possibly some other distinguished clergyman,
attending the great missionary convention,
, will speak. . . If , not, the pastor, Dr. White,
will speak. The service will commence at
1 :30. Sunday-School . at 12:45, Rolla . V.
Watt, superintendent. Young People's meet-
ings at 6:15. A visitor Is expeoted to ad-
dress the meeting. A cordial Invitation is
given to all. the cervices. • .- -
SIMPSON Memorial Methcdlst > Episcopal-
Church, corner Hayes ; and Buchanan sts. —
Rev. John Stephens. : pastor. Public worship
at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. Rev. J. R. Den-
yes of . Singapore, Malaysia, will preach In
the evening.' Sunday-school at 12:30 p. m.,
C. B. - Perkins superintendent: Epworth
League. at 6:30 p. m. The public cordially
welcome to all the services of this church.
FIRST Churoh . of Christ. Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter st.. bet. Kearny and Grant j
ave. — Christian Scisnce service at 11 a. m.;
subject of lesson-sermon "Everlasting Pun- ;
lshment." Sunday-school for children at
; the same hour; Wednesday evening meeting i
at 8 o'clock; free reading-room, ,206 Kearny
St.. rooms 008-510; all are welcome.
CHURCH of the N«w Thought— Services In
Franklin Hall, Flllmore st., between Sutter
and Bush, every Sunday evening, beginning
at 8 o'clock. This evening Rev. Henry Vic-
tor Morgan will I speak; subject, "How to
Make Life Worth Living." A cordial invi-
tation is extended to all desiring to attain
health and happiness In ths life that now Is
to attend these services.
THE People's Church meets Sunday evenings In
Elks' Hall, 223 Sutter st., at 8 o'clock. Sub.
Ject this evehlng. "Spiritualism as a Re-
former.'" ' Pastor, Mrs. Anna' L. Glllespie,
residence 1101 O'Farrell st. Social by Young
People's Society Monday evening next at Sun-
flower Hall. 305 Larkin st. -
A GREAT union mass meeting of young men
only this. (Sunday) afternoon at 8 o'clock. A
practical Illustrated talk will be given by H.
J. McCoy; subject,- "Young Men and the
Growth of the Kingdom." All seats in the I
hall will be' frea to men. Special musical
programme and all men. Invited.
THE Theosophical Society. Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott, president- founder — Headquarters, Acad-
emy of Sciences building. Public lecture at
8 p. m. by Mr. Frederick M. Willis. Subject.
"Prayer; Its Occult Meaning.", Lotus Group
11 a. m. Study class. Thursday. 2:30 p. m.
MEETINGS SUNDAY.
AT Academy of Sciences, next. Saturday even-
ing, under auspices of Universal Co-
Operative Society, Charlemagne Franklin
Jones, "The Coming Crisis," being a socio-
logical lesson from. Mont Pelee, but pointing
a way of escaoe through co-operation ap-
plied to Industry; seats .free. '
PKOFESSOU FRED P. EVANS, the famous
psychic, known throughout the occult world
as the reer of slate writers; Interviews dally
on all subjects of Interest; business, social o»
spiritual. Oftice 1112 Eddy st, near Octavia;
phone Sscott 887; -send stamp for circular.
ALL skeptics invited to witness time. Young's
genuine spirit messages to-night; Mrs. Seal's
subject, "Is Spiritualism the Works of the
Devil?"; «19 McAllister; 10c; readings dally.
W; G. KEEGAN-holds test seances every night
except Sat.; 10c; sit. 10 to 5.. 118 Sixth st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister, testa every
eve., 10c;read's daily;Mr6.C. J. Meyer, others.
MRS. STODDARD'S seances 10c; all hear from
friends: sittings Sun., Tues. 278 Ninth Bt.
TESTS— 900 Market; 2-8 Wilson; 8, Prof. Wil-
son of the Mission- lectures; Dr. Cowan, 10c.
MRS. EBERHARDT— Tests to-night 10c: read,
daily. 3250 22d St.. bet. Valencia and Mission.
EARLE'S farewell eeance to-night. 1052 Ellis.
MME. VIGAR'S -grand spiritual test meeting
to-night. 10c; sittings daily. 148 Sixth st.
MRS. HARI.AND, 148 Sixth: .test, xircle to-
night; 10c: prophetic reading?. 50c, $1.
SUNDAY LBCTPRflS.
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free ; lecture this
evening. Crystal Hall, Pythian Castle, 003
Market st. Subject, "The Warnings of Na-
ture," followed by -views of . a visit to Ger-
many. Free tickets will .be .distributed for
, X-ray exhibition at Sanitarium Tuesday
evening. Question box.' Special- music.
0. N. ORLOW— Lecture this (Sunday) evening
In Golden Gate (upper) Hall, 629 Sutter St.,
At 8 o'clock, with the subject presenting
"Non-Resistance." »fc3
Instrumental and vocal music. Admission free.
ARTHUR MORROW. LEWIS and Mr. Howe—
Debate, "Spiritualism" ; Howe j for, Lewis
azalnst. Odd Fellows' building to-night, 8
o'clock. Admission 10c. . ¦ \ •
SARAH J. WATKINS. Church of the New
Thought. Chicago, lectures Sunday at 11 r.
m.. Golden Gate Hull; subject,. "How to
Care for To-day." Free., • • . •• , .
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists to-night. Odd Fel-
lows' bldg., 7th-Market: Mrs. Llllle. speaker.
MRS. R. S. L1I,I,IE speaks" at Hermetlo
Brotherhood.. 500 Van Ness; Thursday night.
; MEETING NOTICES.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. «
M. — Funeral notice: Officers and"Vy
members are requested to be present />r\
at 9:30 a. m.. SUNDAY. th« 24th
Inst.,.' at Masonic Temple, for the purpose
of conducting the funeral ceremonies of our
late brother. JACOB M. EPSTEIN, late a
member of Hornellsville Lodge No. 331, Hor-
nellsville. New York, . thence to Hills of
Eternity Cemetery . by 11:30 o'clock train.
I Funeral committees will please take notice.
By order of the W. M. V
FREDERICK BARRY, Secretary.
1. O. O. F. PICNIC— Air Odd Fel- .^sjttKw
lows, thrlr families an<i friends <*jm£m&r
are requested, to mert at the 0 :^»w<ISS3f^
o'clock Oakland boat TUES- ¦^^WW^*
DAY. April 26, to attend the annual picnic
at Fernbrook Park. Nlles Canyon.
ALTA Lodge No. 203 I. O O. ,h»m..
F.— Initiation MONDAY, April .^MB^
25. All memhrrs are requested : v*?5^^SjP
to attend. Visitors welcome. .¦^SfifffcS^
. - C.' H. EDWARDS, N. G.
H. P. PETERSEN. Rec. Cec. .
MEMBERS of Tamalpais ' ¦" -.
Camp No. 4L'7, \V. of \\\, &jui < '-"*^fi
are hereby notified to at- _j/jfl-*&tft ffh
tpnrl the funeral of our rv^MOffflUPfl
Inte NelRhlmr? JUDGK (ttJtoil9i*SP*"'
E. M. SWEENEY, f rOni • . "•»<•..-
his late residence. 3SJ) Oak'st.. at 9 o'clack
TO-MORROW (MONDAY) MORNING. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery,- Oakland ; take
11 o'clock a. m. Creek boat.
A. G.'GILSON. Clerk.
THE Austrian Military, and : Benevolent . -.nvv-
Afsociatlon will hold their twenty- q3C«
sixth annual excursion and picnic at 7*tr5f3§*
Oak Park. Stockton, SUNDAY, -May kTj3K>
1. .1904. The Committee desires to state that
this will be one of the best . excursions ever
held by this association. ¦ A : tombola of over
100 prizes will be glvenat the'grounds at 5
p. m., sharp. Music will .be -furnished by
the famous Austrian Military ¦ Band. The
association will leave on the 8:30 boat, Santa
Fe depot, foot of Market 6t. ; tickets also good
on the 7:30 boat.. Adult round trip tickets,
$125; children under- 12 "years, 65c.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine . by, hydraulic pro-
cess from Sidney G. j Sturman In | Gravel Hill
mine, near Georgetown, ; El Dorado County,
Cal.. draining into , Jones Creek, which
reaches Middle Fork. American. River, and
from Syndicate Mining Company . in Syndi-
cate mine, near I'lacervllje, El. Dorado Coun-
ty. Cal.,: draining into ,- Hangtown Creek,
which reaches South Fork/ American River,
elves notice that . meeting will ¦ be held at
room 96 Flood bullying, ' San Francisco, Cal..
May. 9. 1904,. at 1:30p.m. ' . - : «
NOTICE of annual meeting. ot Mercantile Trust
Company of San Francisco — The regular an-
nual ' meeting, of ' the ¦: Stockholders of the
Mercantile Trust' Company of -San Francisco
will De held on -WEDNESDAY. April 27.
1904... at .12. o'clock noon, . at ths office of
the company, '464 -California street, - San
Francisco, California.- for the , purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to «erve for the
ensuing year, and for the transaction of such
ether business as may corns before the meet-
' Jng;: --- -:- .-¦<¦ r -- •-,•¦--¦¦ , :: -,-
. - Transfer - books ¦ will . .' close -.' on Saturday,
April 16, 1904, at 12 o'clock noon..
Dated Aorll . 11. • 1904. - 4 ,-;.-.¦:
•• .-.-¦-;¦-, • JOHN. D.-McKEE.: Secretary.
THE ' annual meeting of . the shareholders : of
¦ the ¦ Pan 1 Francisco Gas - and , Electric ; Com-
. pany . for . the election * of . directors and the
transaction - of 5 such - other business as may
come before '• if will be held at the office of
the company,- 415 Post st.Mn'the city of San
Francisco,': Cal.; at 1 :30 o'clock p. m.. April
S6. .1904. The . transfer 2 books - of ' the ? com-
¦ pany will be closed' from' April r 16 to and in-
cluding, April 26. 1B04. =¦ ..*, -¦ -. .: . ! . . . - *
; T (Signed) :• . :"« CHA8. -L.' BARRETT, tec
Dated San Francisco. April, 12, 1904. -
ANNUAL MEETING— The annual * meeting of
the stockholders of the -El : Rico" Mining Com-
pany ; will-be, held onMONDAY, the 2d day
of'May.,1904/at.the k hour of 2 o'clock in the
afternoon,' at the offices of the said company
229 Crocker building, city and county of S-Cn
Francisco, • State of California P: D WOODS
KwT.n.r». t)«t.d Aorl) IS riMi . '
¦ MEETING 'NOTICES —^n'ntinnVd.
DINNA forget — The thirty-eighth < 5J?&t.
annual gathering and games of the ZJVi C&U/2
- Caledonian . Club - will be held at "XkXXi
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, '.on ' ' s *5£^»
• MONDAY, May 30. Splendid programme of
sports and dances. . ."
MODERN ; Woodmen of America, Goodfellow-
ship Camp 9633 M. W. of A., meets every
MONDAY NIGHT at Fraternity Hall. 909
Market St.. San Francisco. ' " . ¦' :
W. H. EDWARDS. "V. C.
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk. Office room 627,
Emma Spreckels building. " ¦¦• ' :
ii'f-v- ADOPTION.
HEALTHY, blue-eyed baby boy for adoption.
MRS. DR. EMILIE FUNKE. 1410 Eighth'
st., Alamcda. * ~ : - - '-
ADVERTISEMENT WBXTOTOv
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarships In the best
College of Advertising in the United States,
I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
Cftsh; the college teaches advertising writ-
Ing by correspondence and assists. Its grad-
uates to secure positions: catalogues fur-
nlyhfd on application. Address box 302ft. Call.
AGKXTS WASTED.
PERMANENT business chance: $50 to $150 per
¦ . weeh and upward POSITIVE; j men and
women wanted everywhere to place with
consumers the BEST, most remarkable la-
dies' -. and gents' dress she known; ten
NEW sight-selling health and comfort feat-
ures; . previous experience unnecessary; NO
RISK; reply quick. Kushion Komfort Shoe
Agency. | 1233 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
DO you want work? Ladles or gentlemen; no
j canvassing or soliciting; no tlmt from rtgu-
lar occupation; no ons need know you are
my representative ; no money, outfit or ex-
perience needed; easy, permanent, honorable,
profitable work- can be don*' home: for in-
formation, address J. W. KIDD. 5025 Baltes
Block, Fort Wayne, Ind. t
MONET IN MUSHROOMS"
Crop picked daily; great demand; big profit;
easily grown • by anybody ' tmala or . female)
in, cellars, stables, boxes, etc., whole year
without labor or capital; send for free book-
let and learn this profitable I business. - Dept.
1, Eastern Importing Co., Brighton, Mass.
WANTED— Agents~~to itll splendid article to
housekeepers; all want Jt, one agent' mad«
$100 In ten days in October; only reliable, in-
dustrious agents need apply; new article;
ready seller; big commissions. Address
JUBILEJE IRON CO., Omaha. Nebr., 1603.
' BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
others; we start you in profitable mall-order
business at your home; immense profits. Full
Information for stamp, FRANKLIN-HOW-
ARD CO.. Denver, Colo.
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition- that Is
a decided Improvement on building and. loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
NATURAL diamond puzzle experts; stand every
test: our pocket outfit starts -you:- write- for
special offer. CHAPMAN-TOWER CO.,
Oneida. New York.
A FEW ladles: easy and pleasant business;
Jl 25 per day and percentage. MRS. AUER,
room 409, Hotel Rex, 242 Turk st. Call
after 2 p. m. ? : " - .^S.'f-'
EXPERIENCE!? salesman to represent local
corporation. 9 Columbian bldg^, 916 Market.
AGENTS— Make $10,000 a year In mall ord«sr
business; particulars free. A. E. SWETT, 310
Royal Insurance building, Chicago.-
OUR *-0 soda fountain; fine for small stores,
picnics, fairs, etc.; big- pay. ;J. B. FOX
& CO., Chicago.
S MORE men wanted, $2-$4 per day. Call
Agents' Outfitting Co., 630 Golden' Gate ave.
SIMPLEX oil burner: best fire on earth: asents
wanted everywhere. 517 Market St., S. F.
WANTED — Circular distributers: cash paid;
send stamp. American Distributer. Denver.
AUTOMOBILES.
SECOND-HAND automobiles In flrst-clasa
shape for sale cheap. Inquire at 20 Golden
Gate ave.: phone Howard 871. '
WANTED — To buy a second-hand- automobile
In good condition; a Rambler preferred. Box
3520. Call office. ¦
KNOX; latest pattern; good condition; bar-
. train, j JOE HOLL.E, 20th and Folsom sts.
¦WANTED — To buy an automobile 2 seats. Ad-
dress box 4167, Call office. ¦. .
LOCOMOBILE runabout; in good condition, in-
quire 559 Howard st.
A WHITE steam automobile for sale. Box
1401, Call office.
A CADILLAC, seat 4, for sale; reasonable. Box
S513. Call office. ¦ ¦ .
ATTORNEYS-AT-LAW. .
~ V advice" free • ¦ '" ' "'^
Columbian Law & Coll. Apcy.. r. 83, 916
Market: phone John «22G:" open ' evenings;
transacts at most reasonable ¦ rates all legit-
imate law business: bonds furnished in crim-
inal and civil cases; small collections taken.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
• See me and save money; no pay in advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Est.-iMts.hed 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3, 4 & 5, 1st fl.
1122 Market St.. between Mason -and Taylor.
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg.,
. 6th floor, entrance room 611; .established ~0
years; all t-tses, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee In advance or for consultation;
'evanlnr« by appointment. Tel... Red 3061.
DIVORCE cheap, speedily, quietly: call on us
'ere going elsewhere. Phone "James' 6221;
room 41, 916 Market st., opposite Emporium.
ADVICE free, divorces, all law cases, costs ad-
vanced. 819 Market nt., room 31. . ......
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quiclt. quiet; advice
free: open evenings. 927 Market St., rm. 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty; no publicity; advice
free; costs $12. Address B.A.8.. P.O.box 2199.
L. S. CLARK; 927 Market st.; consultation
free; no fees In advance: open evenings.
_ r ¦ BASKETS.
GET your basket trunks at the factory. 3416
• 17th st., near Valencia, at factory prices.' |
BASKETS made of every description. ¦ Frledl
Bazaar and Basket Factory. 1272 Folsom st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
AN Infant can have perfect care.- Mrs. Rhoda
Karstadt, 163 2,1th ave.; phone Geary. 3206.
COUPLE would like to take child to board;
reasonable. Address box 3130, . Call. . . - . ¦
GURMAN lady wants child to board. 316
Prospect ave. ¦ : . .
GOOD home for one or two children; mother's
care. 754 Folsom st.
CHILDREN boarded; good care/ 808 Clay st..
Oakland.
- CJHJiyCE9.
A. CAMERON & CO. ¦ Phono South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses $350 to $1000
- Candy and Icecream parlors.. '.$200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands .$:!50 to $2000
Groceries and bars ..."....$500 to $30i>0
Saloons ................... .$300- to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
.Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000 I
Drug stores ........."..$2000 to $o000
Delicatessen stores - , . .$250 to $4500
Wood and coal yards .". .'.$250 to $1000
For sale — First-class legitimate ¦'•¦, mining
propositions that will bear strict . invest ica-
ton. . ,
-
BEAUTIFULLY located • summer resort;. fine
groves; 36- room hotel; all , furnished and
' equipped for business ; 20 : acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay. vegetables- all
kinds of fruit; rent$500 per year; equity In
this $2500: death In family cause of sale.
, CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale— One of the best restaurants in city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to. $100 day: : will
¦bear Investigation; price $1500. 'CAMERON*
& CO.. 3 Eddy «t. .
FOR sale — Ladles' furnishing and fancy goods
' business; cheap 1 rent; : well located: estab-
' llshed 12 years: .will Invoice SSOOO; sickness.
? CAMERON ;&¦; CO. . , ; :. ., .
FOR sale-^Bakery and delicacy store; rent $20:
5 living rooms;', established .S years:, must
, leave city : price to closo , $250. CAMERON
6 CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or, trade— Quartz mines: fine prospect;
located : in ; Cal. ;J assays $40, to $70, ton; trade
for rmg.-house or business; Cameron, 3 Eddy.
FOR 'sale---Well-located bazaar and. furnishing
goods business; cheap rent; 6% years'- lease;
one of .the. beet transfer: corners. In city;'do-
- Ing fine business;- other Interests -cause, of
Bale;! price $5000.;' See CAMERON *& CO
.-, 3, Eddy, ;st. ';..// . :•;*..•. ' -_•• '¦'./-.-^; .-;
FOR sale— Well located • and equipped v family
liquor ., store; ; rent ,only;$33; fixtures' $200-
" stock v will - Invoice' between $4(10-, to- $500;
'.;l must be sold by 1st; other business -. CAM.'
ERON <t" CO.. -3T Eddy :.
LIST^of 1 first- class : saloons.*: groceries*, restau-
- ¦ rants.'*, coffee f saloons.'::' cigar , ntands country
"merchandise- stores. -hotels.-, ctc.7* for," sale or
¦¦¦' exchange' 7 EITEL & , CARROLL ' 212 Kearny'
«t.. ohone, Red 6092. j ; :- ;;.;'- y~ f° »
OAKLAND AD VERTISEMtfNTS
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
A. J. SNTD1SR.
Real Estate Broker and Dealer.
467 Ninth st., Oakland, Cal.
$CO00. $6000. $0000.
Home of 9 rooms and bath.
Attic, bath, modern plumbing.
. Lot 50x100. ' '
Sycamore st, west of Telegraph ave.
House new; beautiful grounds, highly culti-
vated, splendid vine covered and cemented
floor arbor; expensive rockery, covered - with
THIS WILL, MAKE AH IDEAL HOME.
A. J. SNTDER,
Real Estate 1 Broker and Dealer,
467 Ninth st., Oakland, Cal.
FOR sals — On Fifth ave.. East Oakland, new
7-room house. Just completed; well built;
every modern convenience; choice lot, 60x125,
dose to street cars; short walk to station;
line view of lake and hills; reasonable price
aad terms.
B. H. WELCH & CO..
Fifth ave. and ISth St.. Oakland.
$1000 CASH, balance 539 60 per month; flno
8-room house; large lot; 3 blocks to local; a
fine home; worth $6000; prioo $4000. WM.
P. TODD, 1070 Broadway. Oakland. -
FOH SALE — 863 37th St.; new house, S large
rooms, bath, etc. ; near Ksy . rout* station,
•tores, etc. ; a snap. ¦ - . —
MUST sell — New house, 8 large rooms; 2 blocks
to cars and "Key" route station, bank, stores,
•tc; excellent location. Owner, 899 87th st..
Oakland.
O AKUAJtD 1 HOUSES TO LET.
FdR RENT IN OAKLAND— Only two left of
tboae fine new, modern, comfortable flats
that we have just finished; S nice rooms in
each, with large pantry, etc.; every room
sunny; large separate yard with each flat;
upper flat $24; lower flat $22 If taken at
once; see them. Property for sale in all
parts of Oakland. JAS. S. NAISM1TH. 634
Thirteenth st. ; - •% &H59
BIG catalogue of houses both for sale and rent
Issued «»very Monday morning; get it.
F. H. HORSWILL. Successor to Oeo. W. Austin,
Real Estate Agent and Dealer,
Member of the Oakland Real Estate Asso-
ciation,
1003 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
ELEGANT 8-room house, bath, basement, at-
tic; stable; large grounds; splendid locality;
easy walk to cars, locals and school; photo*
In ofnee; beautiful place; partly furnished if
desired. $10; unfurnished. $33, Including house
water; references required; it is a snap. BUT-
TERS & BUHRING. MV1 Broadway.
FOR rent in Kast Oakland: modern 8-room
house; good stable and yard; high, sunny
i location; near street cars. B. H. WELCH &
CO., Fifth ave. and 18th Bt., Oakland.
OAKLAND HOOMS TO LET.
HARRISON, 721, Oakland — Rooms to let.
NICELY furnished front room, bath included;
bay-window. 15S2 Franklin »t., Oakland.
JUAltLA N D^JTRS^ITJUKE^KOR^^A L tt^
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furnl-
ture. H. Schfllhaas.llth st..cor.store.Oaklan«i.
KLMIILRST 1JEAL ESTATE.
t
$150 — 6-ROOM house; lot 40x132; $900. payable
$10 per month.
$200 — 4-room hous?; lot 45x150; $650, payable
$lft per month.
ELMHURST RliALTV CO.. Elmhurst, Cal.
MILL VALLEY ADV'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY REAL K STATE.
SELLING FAST.
SELLING FAST.
100 SOLD UP TO DATE.
Large new subdivision at the station' of Mill
Valley; 40 acres in Urge lots in the very cen-
ter of the valley, none of which ts less than
fi0xl20; prices range from $400 to $800; terms
10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly; grand
home sites amidst pleasant surroundings; beau*
tiful views of mountains and bay: the climate
unequaled: eplpndid opportunity for an invest-
ment; land values bound to increase, as Mill
Valley Is rapidly coming to the front; the new
elc-ctrlc roatl has shortened the time to 40
minutes from the city; Mill Valley has all the
conveniences of a city; fine supply of pure
mountain water, good sewerage and drainage,
electric lights, stores, churches and schools,
and in fact all conveniences: lots beautifully
wooded: *end for our new illustrated book de-
scriptive of Mill Valley: there will be several
agents on grounds Sunday.
LYON & HOAG,
116 Montgomery st.
$2000 — IDEAL home; 6 large rooms and bath,
etc.. furnished; large grounds; beautifully
situated; near station; lents $.'!0. P. O. box
130. Mill Valley. -
Furnished house to let; 6 rooms, bath; fine lo-
cation. Hillside ave. J. Myers, 201 Sansome.
San Francisco Advertiscm'ts
CHPItCH SERVICES.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Jtev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. m., topic. "The Tower of Babel." At
7:45 p. m., monthly service of song, "An
KveninK With Haydn." Special music by the
choir, Samuel D. Mayer, oigantet anl director.
Address by. the j>a6tor, topic. "Haydn, His
Life and Works." All are cordially invited.
.THfRD Congregational Church, Fifteenth St.,
near Mission — Rev. William Rader, pastor,
will preach at both services. 11 a. m., "The
Man Who Did Not Know What He Was
Talking About." 7:45 p. m., to people who
have trouble with their religious beliefs.
First in cerles on "Straight Sermons to Earn-
est People."
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St.,
near Webster — Rev. Isaac Curtis Meserve,
1 D.D., pastor. Morning worship at 11 pre-
ceded by Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Even-
Ing worship at 7:45; topic of address "Pi-
late's Wife's Dream." » Christian Endeavor
meeting at tS:45 p. m. Everyone is welcome. 1
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, corner Jack-
son and FilUnore streets — Rev. John Hemp-
hill, D. D., pastor. Morning service at 11
o'clock. Evening service at 7:45 o'clock.
Rev, John S. Macintosh. D. D., will preach
at both services. Sabbath school . at 9:30
a. m.; orchestral music. Christian Endeavor
meeting at C:30.p. m. Prayer meeting. Wed-
nesday evening at 8 o'clock. All are cor-
dlally Invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento St., Rev. William Kirk Guth-
rie pastor — Services at 11 a. m., and at 7:45
P. m. Morning sermon by .Rev. Charles S.
Patterson. Evening sermon by General Bal-
lington Booth. Sabbath-School, 12:30 p. in.;
. Christian Endeavor, 6:30 and 0:30 p. m.;
Wednesday. 8 p. m., midweek service. All
are cordially invited.. ?" .; '
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
Webster and Page sts. — Morning service at
11 a. m. ; service by Rev. Herbert E. Hays,
•theme, "Obedlenco and Power," and In the
evening at 7:45 o'clock, theme. "The Wrath
of the Lamb"; Sunday-School at 9:46 a. m. ;
Christian Endeavor at 6:45 p. m. Prayer-'
meeting every Wednesday evening.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest corner
Geary and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford
Leavltt, minister: Rev. Bradford Leavitt and
Rev. C. Ruess. superintendents of. Sunday-
school; Sunday-school at 10 o'clock; the Sun-
day service Is at 11 o'clock. Rev. Mr. Leav-
ltt will preach; subject, "The Crowned Life."
Music by quartet under direction of H.
Brethcrick, organist. All are cordially in-
vlted. ¦ - ¦ ._^_^
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp 6ts.— The Rev. Jay William
Hudson will preach at both morning and
evening services. ¦ Subject, 11 a." m., "The
Poetry of the Bible"; 7:45 p. m., "A Civil-
ization Without War; Is It Desirable?" Mu-
sic by orchestra and choir: soloist at the
¦ evening service, Mrs. Blanche King Arnold
The public cordially invited.
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts. Rev
Frederick W.Clampett, D.D., rector Holy
Communion, 7:30 a, m.; Sunday school 9-30
a. m.; morning service. U o'clock; evening
Ferviee, 8 o'clock. The rector will officiate
at both services. You are heartily invited.
ST. PAUL'S Church. California and Ftllmore
sts. — Rev. W. M. Reilly. rector. .Holy com-
munion. 7:30 a. m.; Sunday-school, 9:45 av
m. ; morning prayer and sermon by the Rt.
Rev. J.- B. Funston, . D.D.; Bishop of Boise
11 a. m. Evening prayer and sermon,- 7:45. •
FIRST Baptist Church 320 ; Eddy st. — Annual
services of • Mariners 1 ,- Church at 11 ' a. -- m
Bible-school. 12 :30 . p. m. ; Christian En-
deavor, 6:30 p. m.; preaching at 7:30 p.-m.
vbj" Rev.iL. P. Russell; topic, "Man's De-
velopment Toward God."-- Prayer ' meeting
Wcdnesday.-7:45 p. m..All cordially '.wel-
- corned. Seats free, -v ¦¦, . . ' ; ; ¦'¦ -. ." ¦
THE Theosophical Society, Odd Fellows' bulld-
ing— Free public lectures'. every,, Sunday," 8
, - )•. m. Library, and reading-room 'Open daily
•¦St»4p:m. . Subject to-night, "The Mystery
' of Toga." by Alice M.' Best •
.AKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
~U4ki.A\H HI-:*!. KfcTATR.
HOLOOMBs BREBO St BAifaBQFT, Xaa^
1(XW BROAJLVAA.Y. OAKLAKD.
UNOTHftOVJCD.
fTT> -mtyy «t**a*ed lot; street work oam-
pteaai doa* to schools, cars, etc
$000 — MkIOO. street work oompjefce; clos* to
Saata, r« aed Saa Pablo tralaa; worth
«ooa __«-__
... «:UtX>; very sightly location In Linda
Vista Terrace district: street work com-
c.r. out block: to Oaidaad ave. cars;
Csv vfr-w *nJ surroundlnjcs.
1051
J00O— S3;4xlW : as Veroon St.. Adams Point
district; stmct work oomplete.
¦:s2."- JCxllfv «a Gaxamlt st.; slffeUy lot; ale-
gaat sxiTt-owodiugs: vaj cboto* bargain.
UtPKOYBD.
orcr wasted oa an. elecant »-room house,
which isust b« sold: must be seen to ap-
preciate; oa Webster st_, asd eloa« to |
le;al tralas, schools, •to.; ret particulars |
at <->:2;e.
iZTZO. JUST BSTNXS BXXUT. tSTSa
A Swiss busgaiow containing on first floor {
reoepiloa hall, parlor, dinl&g-roora, library
or den. kltahea, pastries, etc.; upstairs, i
bedrooms, bath, with all the modern fix-
tures. 2 teileu; zas aad electric ligfatlac;
Use t!ntla«T asd mantels oaa b« mad* to
FUit the ta«te of purohaaor; this property
l.« Trith'o easy walking- distance ot Tvar-
t*enth and Broadway.
J-iTr* I- course of construction; oolodal
house of S roocas; first floor, partor t Ut-
'.r.;t-r jora. cUalac-rooia. klto&en. pmnxriae,
2 closet* and toUet: aeaoad floor. 4 bed-
rooms, «lasaat bath and toast arranc*-
Tnecis; cs>«n piumblns;: r&e aad dactrto
lighten larc* lot; sassy exposure; tn
Oak^£l*s Cssst raddecoa sectloai dos«
t» Broadway and Telegraph are.; sea
dans at offiae.
B. NO. 1—
$4000 — la ecurse of construction; eoionUl boos*
of 8 roocas; Crst floor. dialnaT-rsom. Idteh-
*a. pantries. 3 dosats aad toilet; swooad
flocr. 4 bedrooms, eJcgast bata aad toilet
erracgenvnt*; cpea plumbic*; gas and
electric lighting: lars* lot; sunny ex-
poccre; between Telegraph are. aad Orora
St.; ia Oakland's finest leaiiiennn district]
cloan to Broadway; sae plans at otffioe.
A pretty Ilttte place la Froifrala, oooslstlnr
of o&e sere and ft-room house, with all
oncvesiesces for raising- chicken*; price
C2550 If sold at oace,
HOI^COXB. BRKE3 A- BAJCtTTtOFT, Zd«l,
1083 BEOADWAY. OAKLAND.
GEORGE \T. AUSTIN.
Rasl Estate Areat and Dealer.
Vezeber of Oakland Real Estate Association.
1002 Broadway.
$255(V— Here's a snap; elepant new gothle style
fcouse. « rooms, double parlor, expensive
• mantel, gas and electricity; the location
•5 rnnerb: shade trees along tb* street,
¦ runr.y side; owner going: to St. Louis;
h<r>use alone worth the price asked.
C2VVV— T\?r sale, first-class new roomisc-bouM,
Ftteuste is business oester; 18 rooms, cell.
ti«w furniture, velvet oarpets and elegant
In every detail; positively must be sold
lit <-nce; part cash; long lea*>e at $100 per
mcroh.
$4 0*v\-- riran? 9-room Eastlalw oottage; porce-
lain baxk; parlor finished In paneled early
r^Cwood : lot 35x100; houae built by o» u«*.i .
who lives ttere now; terms caa be ar-
ranged.
$3i>v>-N>w modem colonial style house, 6
rrxnns. ooroelain bath, gaa anl electrlc-
*T, Including new carpets: dose In town;
tencs $500 down. $25 per month.
tro^O— 1'> rooms, bath; lot 37x123: flae neigh-
borhood; can be made into fiats at very
small cost: close to cars and Key route.
52T50 — 6 rooms, bath; new; finely built: fres-
coed ceilings: 5 minutes' walk to trains;
a fr.ar. must be sold.
$ll'f» — One acre; no imm ovementa; close to
cars.
$C5O— Business property; rents for $T0 net;
150 feet from Broadway.
$."iPOO — Beautiful Linda Vista bungalow cot-
tase. new: & rooms, bata. gas, finely
firiehed: cloee to cars aad trains: owner
roing aw b>-; on easy terms. Including new-
carpets.
HERE IS A RARE CHANCE.
A home. Just completed, never occupied, con-
taining 8 large- rooms: expensive mantel;
cpen plumbing: high haaement: very
•unny: lawn aad stone walks, etc.; near
fan Pablo ave.: $500 cash down will
buy it.
$375ft — 4 blocks from Broadway, on Tenth st..
7 rooms and bath; ras; doubl* parlors;
lot 50x100; opposite Lincoln Park.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
Re«l Estate Ae^nt »nd Dealer.
ilen:b»r of Oakland Iteal Estate Association.
1002 BROADWAT. OAKLAND.
E. J. STEWART * CO..
lOOS BROADWAT.
$2?** d"wn and $23 a month will buy one of
the swellest colonial houses In Oakland; 7
rooms, porcelain hath and all other modern I
conveniences; lot ."5x100 fert; right close to
Telegraph ave.: house is most conveniently ar-
ranged; finish is beautiful; owner wants to sell
this property insi'le of three day? and is mak-
ing a sacrifice to effect quick rale; price $2200.
$1450 — Modern cottsjre of B rooms, bath, hot
and cold water: other modern conveniences;
la Dire lot; ."iO feet from Grove st.; small pay-
ment down and bjlaiicc like rent.
$->2»i — Two-story hcu»e. never been occupied: |
on Thirty-fourth Ft.: 6 rooms and bath; house
1* beautifully finished in natural wood; lot 35x
120 feft; north Eide of street.
A beautiful home, handsomely finished; Thlr-
ty-»eoond rtreet. near Grove; 6 large rooms;
porcrlain l>ath; lot 38x140 feet; must be seen
to be appreciated; price $3200.
E. J. STKWART & CO..
1008 BROADWAY.
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$365 snd $32 60 monthly — Handsome new 7- !
room house, now being completed, on lot 33:4x
100, on f-'ycamore st.. near Telegraph ave., in '
the beautiful Mcrrell property; to be finished
in curly ledwood. whltewood and blrdseye ma- ,
rl», with tll*d bathroom, purchaser caa now
pelert mantel, gas and electrical fixtures aad
tinting.
$34 prr foot— Lot 60x100. on Jones st» be-
tween Telegraph avenue and Orove st.; grab It
quick!
$2100 — Choice elevated lot. northeast corner
Thirty-fourth and Grove sts.; 60x120.
$3100 — 11 per cent income Investment and
•rood ppeculation; fine flats with 50-foot lot.
eplendidly located, near San Pablo ave.. in
rapidly advsnclng district; rents $27 and can be
increased; might consider good lot In part pay-
ment.
$2500 — 7-room house and lot 60x75, corner
Franklin and Second ets. ; will soon -be good,
business property.
$2500 — One of the best chances you've ever i
had: a nice C-room cottage, with lot 30x100, ,
on Jcnes t-X... near Telegraph ave.. very central.
BELDEN. REAL ESTATE.
1112 Broadway, Oakland.
TATLOR BROS. & CO.. ~
1236 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
RESIDENCE SITES.
$1000 — 50x145 feet, on Hanover ave.; same
block telling $35 foot. •/ a
$2250— 90s205 feet. Lester ave.; finest resi-
dence lot In Oakland; south frontage; un-
obstructed view.
$6250 — TSxJOG feet; corner on Orove St., bet.
Eighth and Fourteenth sis.
$2500—50 feet, facing Boulevard on Lake
Merrttt: don't miss it.
¦ $S0O— 25x75: facing east on Madison.
5650 — .V>xl50 feet: Linden et.: close In.
$5750 — 229 feet; corner on West st.; offer
wanted.
DON'T FAIL TO CALL ON US IF IN THE
MARKET.
TATLOR BROS. A CO.
• 1
FOR SALE.
$1,700 — 6-room modern cottage; lot 25x140: ep-
posite public square: street work coni-
plcte-; within 10 minutes' walk to sta-
tion and 2 blocks from street cars.
$1 COO — A C-room 1 '5 -story bouse; bath and
laundry: lot 25x100; East Seventeenth et.,
near 6th ave.: $1000 mortgage may be
pssumed: balance can be arranged to suit
purchaser.
$3 4*30 — An S-room modern 2-story house; lot
42x105 ft: 6 minutes' walk to station;
electric cars pass the property; easy
terror.
IN ORDER TO CLOSE UP AN ESTATF..
40 FINE BUILDING LOTS ON IMPROVED
AND UNIMPROVED STREETS. NO ,
REASONABLE OFFER WILL BE RE-
rrsnp. no trouble to show the
E F ' . ALBERT SCHMIDT.
1122 13TH AVE.. EAST OAKLAND.
A BARGAIN.
" f2RS0_A fine «-roorn cottage; large reception
ball'- lot 50x127; street work done; not far
fr*.tn the Key route; easy terms. P. C. LAS-
SEN A CO.. 466 Tenth st.. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LATMANCB REAL ESTATE CO.,
400-402 EIGHTH ST..
OAKLAND.
$40.000— Improved business oorner. 100x100.
immediately adjoining banking center; presents
grand future; bargain.
$26,000—10 modern oorner flats, close in; ln-
oorae $3250 per annum; fine investment. >
$10.i >00— Elegant I2-room corner: elaborate
interior; all conveniences; cost $1S,000; finest
home west oT Broadway.
$g000 — Foreclosure sale: fine 9-room resi-
dence: SE corner Alice and 13th Bts.; mort-
gage $G3OO; 4 blocks to 11-story bank building.
SS250— Fine modem residence, 9 rooms; 45x
140; Albion, near Telegraph; Includes carpets
and stoves; select residence; must b« sold.
$5400 — Choice 9-room residence; 2 baths; ter-
raced lot: near Telegraph, close .in.
SS500— Modern 7-room S-story house; near
Carnegie Free Library: choice buy; cheap.
$8850— Suburban snap: nearly 4 acres front-
ing San Leandro electric road; subdivide Into
S6 lots; modern building; store and 6-room flat
above; Insured $2500; mortgage $2100; owner
needs money: must be sold.
$3250 — Modern 10-room house: one block from
Broadway: fine- condition: must sell.
$3450 — Elegant nocne. 11 rooms: fine vi«w;
I 00x140; cost over $<000; genuine aaorifioa.
' $2750— Modern 6-room cottage; near 20th and
West; larps lot; bargain.
$2500— Coay bungalow; « rooma. bath, baje-
ment; nice view; good neighborhood; $1000
flat mortgage; 33x110.
C2350— Modem, swell front oottac*. 6 rooma.
bath; hlsb basement; artistic mantel; double
parlors: cement walks; driveway; ohotoa loca-
tlcn: 85th st; snap,
$2350— Modern cottage, 0 rooms: gaa, man-
tel: furnace, laundry; 34th it., near new
fsrry.
$1000 — Make offer; 2-story oottag*. T rooms;
modern plumbing; near railroad shops.
$1500 — Cottare, 3 rooms; barn, well; 100x118:
street work complete; Union St.; offer wanted.
$550— CO-foot lot; West St.; near naw ferry.
$1300— Modern cottar*, 4 rooms and batht
88x119; Piedmont, near new ferry.
$SSO— Lot 41x100; adjoins $15,000 property;
Frcltvale.
$1250— 6-room oat tag* between 'Washington
and Market sts.: rent $1A ' _.„ «
$1100— Neat 6-room cottar*: lot 40x145; near
church, schools aad cars; Piedmont.
LATMAJiCBJ REAL ESTATE* CO..
4«O-4«2 E'.rbth St.. Oakland.
BJLALTT. BONDS AND FINANCE CO.. ETC.
117S BROADWAY. COR. 14TH ST.
REAL E8TATE, '
INSURANCE.
$3000.
AdeUne-ot. house of 7 rooms and bath: Just
completed and very well built and conveniently
arranged; this houee can be bougrht on very
ea«y payments; see us about this::
i j
$320*.
Moss-st. home. n/*r Telegraph ave.; large
lot. 45x118, on the north side of the street; the
house has just been renovated and painted and
ts in excellent condition; s-e this borne before
you buy.
$2400.
Story and a half house, six larg» rooms,
south frontage; lot 58x105; stable: 14th St..
close In: on car line: must be sold at once!
Se« this rare bargain.
$35O0.
Fine new home en cro«« street, near Tele-
graph are.; contains 7 rooms and bath; all
modarn conveniences; sidewalks, etc., com- ;
plete; terms st office.
$3250.
Corner house, near Telegraph ave.: new and
¦well built: contains seven rooms and bath and
is a model home at the price; easy terms.
$2600.
High basement cottare In Linda Vista dis-
trict; contains 5 rooms and bath and is nearly
new; s*« this If you want a home or Invest-
ment; the house is rented for $25 per month.
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
REALTY. BONDS AN'D FINANCE CO.. INC.
1172 BROADWAY.
$2S50— SHOULD be sold for $4000: cottages
containing 6 rooms, bath; high basements;
cpen nickel plumbing; combination pis
fixtures; complete In every detail, and
guaranteed in construction for one year:
lot large and sunny; No. 2139 Chestnut
St., bet. 32d and 34th sts., near Key Ruutti
Mat ion. San Pablo ave. and 40th St.; open ,
for inspection dally. Ask J. C. Davidson
about It. 124 Kearny «t.. S. F.; he bought
cn« and lives next door; must and will be
told; to see Is to buy.
$3600 — Price much below the present value;
new colonial house: 7 rooms and bath: lot
37xlS0: house completed in the latest In
everything; terms only $700 cash; bal- >
ance mortgage; remember. It is brand new,
never been occupied; owner must sell; near
Key Route station; call and se« about It
at once, as it is positively a bargain and
strictly first class.
The Rustic Bungalow, so odd and complete
that it in the talk of the city: NW. cor.
of 13th ave. and E. 2Sth St.; S rooms and
2 bathe; exterior finished In redwood logs
and clinker brick: large lot and beautiful
marine view; space too expensive to ex-
tol its many different qualities; seeing is
believing: open for Inspection dally; terms
only $1000 cash: balance mortgage.
J. S. MYERS.
1002 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
BUILDERS— ATTENTION!
$15,000— Choice block, suitable for subdi-
vision.
Street sewered, graded and macadamized:
on car tine and In fine neighborhood; this Is
an excellent opportunity to make several
thousand dollars' profit.
$7500— An elegant northwest corner on Tel-
ecraph ave.; within walking distance of City
Hall; frontage of 64 feet; two small houses
now occupy premises; extra choice for fiats or
apartment-house.
5S00— Fine lot; 120 feet front by 110 feet
deep; near San Pablo ave.; worth $1200.
$500— Beautiful building site in Boulevard
Heights overlooking the bay; will surely
double in value in two years.
These are a few of our bargains. Give us
a call and we will make It to your advan-
tage.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
1052 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
ONE OR BOTH of those' beautiful cottages
on northwest corner of Fifth avenue and East
Eighth Et. at a bargain, on desirable terms.
Let us give you the particulars.
$1600 — Five-room cottage, 40 foot lot. on 39th
st.. near Telegraph.
$1350— Four-room, old but quite good cottage
and &0 foot lot. on Chestnut st. <
$1600 — Five-room, "high basement cottage on
Market st.. with "Key" route passing; buy
this property before prices advance.
$2800— Beautiful 6-room new house: occu-
pied bv the owner, who built It for his own
home; now leaving Etate.
$4800 — Seven-room house; 40x180 foot lot;
24th St., near Telegraph.
$1900 — Six-room house; barn; 80 foot lot;
sunny side ot 27th St.; for speculation can't be
beat.
List your property If you wish to sell.
F. F. PORTER, \ 466 Eighth St.
LOOK AT THIS.
A fruit ranch at Lakeport, Lake County,
Cal.; level; % mile from P. O.; on county
road; 42 acres, 39 In fruit trees, 108 to an
acre; new one-story house, with 6 rooms and 4
closets; barn for 6 horses; cowsheds and hay-
loft: fenced and cross-fenced with rabbit-
proof fence; plenty of good water and all con-
veniences; produced last year 120.000 pounds
of dried fruit, which sold for $6000; climate
perfect; no asthma In the county..
Will eell for $6500 or trade for property In
Alamcda, Oakland, Berkeley or Frultvale, or a
stock of goods. I know this property and it Is
a bargain for any one who loves country life
and fruit.
Take S. F. and N. W. R. R. at foot of Mar-
ket St.. San Francisco, to Lakeport; get a
round trip ticket for $9.
IRA C. JENK8,
1208 Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
A— SPECIAL CHANCE.
$500 cash. bal. $25 a month: new 6 r . and
b. ; lot 40x140; near Key Route station and
cars; must aell at once. See owner, £2i
Thirty-eighth st.
MUST be sold at once — House of 7 rooms; lot
f>0xl25: sunny side of street: new; plenty of
room for Darn and only 3 blocks from Key
Route; must be sold, as owner leaves for
the East. F. H. HORSWILL. Successor to
Geo. W. Austin. •
A SNAP for one week — Lot 40x150; 2 cottages-
1 of fl rooms and one of 4 rooms: cost $3800;
will sell now $2700. Apply S.- S.' AUSTIN,
1101 Twenty-third ave.. East Oakland. '•
SNAP. ~~
32x11*. $650. 32x118.
Bherman st.. near Telegraph ave.: good snd
new improvements adjoining ¦ and opposite.
Write owner, box 113S, Call oMce, Oakland.
FOR sale or rent cheap,' on Edwards^ st... Oak -
* land, eight-room house; all conveniences; lot 1
50x125 feet; close to street car: desirable lo- I
cation. Inquire of owner- J. D. FRENCH,
M9 Mission ft.. San . Francisco..'HE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 21, 1904.
45
1 . FMIM.O\ WF.NT \V.*\TKn — M\I.K.
SITUATION wanted .as waiter. Call at 009
.Pjne.st.. .,.
RELIABLE, sober man wants garden work,'
. flowers or vegetables. Box 3182, Call offlce.
A GOOD upholsterer and carpet layer will work
by the piece. 229 11th; phone Folsom 183.
FIRST-CLASS Icecream maker would like work
In country. _Box 3207. Call offlce. '
SITUATION wanted as painter and paper-
hanger; man with tools. 38 Mary it. .
1 SITUATION by first-class block or finisher on
men's hats. 1104 Market st.v roonj-35;— ¦•-.
JOB wanted as handy man. Box 3157. Call
offlce. •
YOUNG man wishes position aa porter In hotel.
¦Box 3142. Call offlce. - '
WISHES few more engagements for shampoo-
Ing, manicuring.- Box 8749, Call. ' "
P> INTER ; have - all tools; work reasonable.
'Address Painter, 1210 Mission st. -'.-'•
! WANTED— Situation as hostler. Box 3748.
Call. ' . - ' . : .
t WANTED— Position aa porter. 9. H. S.. 813
ElllS St. , ., • ; . ' . "!
WANTED— Position as bartender. Call 617 |
Larkln st. . . , . ",
WANTED— Position as porter. Call 817 Lar-
kln st. . -. ' . "
WANTED — Position a». bookkeeper. C. J.y 678
Turk «t. .
WANTED— Position as porter. 843 Ellis «t. .
4 WANTED — Position as window-cleaner." - Ad-
I dress box 374S. Call. • ' ' . '
' SITUATION wanted by steady man as team-
| ster; well acquainted with city. 68 Hancock.
PLACE aa stenographer; references. 715 Hayes
.street. . •
PAINTING and whitening ' by the day. 23
•West Mission at. .
WANTED— Situation as cleric 18 Bryant »-:
t .
' GROCERY clerk wants position; hustler; mod-
j erate salary. Box 3149, Call offlce.
I EXPERIENCED married man want- charge
I of ranch or win rent same. Box 3145. Call.
WANTED— Position as porter in country hotel.
J. ROSE. 552 First ave. '.-:'r,-i
WANTED — A position as porter in wholesale
house. WM. O'DELL. 552 First ave.
YOUNG roan dealres position working even-
Ings; clerical or anything. Box 3155. Call.
' YOUNG man want* situation as porter. Box
3154, Call offlce.
"WANTED — A position aa collector. Box 3153,
Call offlce. .. . -
WANTED — A position as waiter. 463 Seventh
street. Oakland. • . *',w X
' WANTED— Position as day janitor. Box 3147.
Call offlce. V r- T .
JANITOR wants employment. WHEELOCK,
118 Third st.
SITUATION wanted aa errand boy after school
hours. 36 Mary st.
' SCRUBBER wants Job. F. RUSLE* 15 Third
st. . ...
POSITION by reliable gardener. Box 62, 1008
Market st.
BARTENDER wants position: qlty or country;
references. Box 65, 1003. Market st. ' _
BAKER foreman wants work as 'bread baker.
440 Linden aye., near Laguna st.
BOY of 16 wishes chance to learn, trade. Ad-
dress M.. 300 Hayes St. . .
I HOUSEMAN wants employment. ED RUS-
| SELL. 15 Third St.
WANTED — Position as gardener. Box 1489,
Call office.
JOB as exercise boy at track. Box 411. Call.
I GOOD man wishes position; gardener; coun-
j try. Box 1361. Call offlce.
> MAN wants to clean up In the morning. Ad-
| dress box 1S58. Call offlce. . '
j SITUATION wanted to set type on country
I weekly. Box 1, Call office^
PAINTER wants position. RUSSELL, 611
Hacramento st. - . . . ¦¦¦ ¦ . - ¦
POSITION as barkeeper. Box 67. 1008 Mar-
ket st. ¦ . -
ENGINEER would like position. on dredger or
take charge of construction. Box . 1472.
Call office. . . :
BOY wants a Job on a ranch. Box 1474. Call.
GOOD handy man wants work at anything.
Box 1471. Call offlce.
GOOD stableman wants Job. G., box 1309,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes situation as assistant
cook. Box 32; Call office, -
WANTEDr- Job as farmhand. Box 1492. Call
¦ offlce. > '
i JOB as milkman's helper. . Box 1144, Call
offlce. | '
ERRAND boy wants a situation. Box 1380,
Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants position: will do any kind
of work. Address box 1378. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted as cook; 10 years In last
place. Box 1874. Call offlce.
WANTED — Position by experienced man in
wine house. Address J. C. 610 Birch ave.
WRAPPER wishes position; references. Box
i 1459. Call offlc^ - . '
JEWELER — Situation wanted by Jeweler;' all
around workman. Address box 1625, Call.
POSITION city salesman: grocery trade; best
references. Box 1327. Call offlce. ¦
BOY wants position as errand boy. Box 1470,
Call offlce. ¦ .
MAN acquainted with the duties of Janitor
wishes position. T. W. DAY. 500 Bush st.
¦ YOUNG Scotchman wants situation as team-
ster. Apply . 1216 Oak at.
WANTED — Position as cook. Box 1462, CaJll
office.
WANTED — Position by young man willing to
make himself useful. Box 1320. Call offlce.
BOY wants work in wholesale house; has good
references. Apply 320 Sixth st.
BOY wants work after school. Box 3113. Call
offlce. ' .
ALL-ROUND printer wants sit on country pa-
per; temperate: reliable. Box 1443. Call.
YOUNG man wants clerical work . evenings
after 7 o'clock. Address box 1466, Call.
BOY wants work after school. Box 3231. Call
offlce.
TAILOR wishes position. 27 Geary street.
i WANTED— Position as janitor. Box 3220,
Call offlce.. -
A LUNCH waiter wants a place to work dln-
ner. Box 1463. Call.
GARDENER want* work. Box ' 3222, Call
offlce. i
WANTED— Position ¦ in, an offlce by boy of
' 14. Box 3223, Call.
: WANTED — A job at laboring work. Bex 3189.
Call offlce. « - . - 1
' EXPERIENCED plumber wishes work, city or ¦
I country. Box 3191, Call offlce. j
WANTED — Position as clerk. Box 3189. Call ;
office. . - ¦' ¦'•'¦'•• j
COMPETENT bookkeeper would like position!
In country. Box 3228, Call offlce.
YOUNG man wishes position of any kind. '. 523
Filbert st. - ..... .
SITUATION as traveling salesman. Box 3215.
Call offlce. J
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper. Box 320S, ,
Call office. . I
I . . , i|
MAN, 35 years, wants steady work In country; •
city references. Box 322a, Call. *
GARDENER wants work. In city. G. S. FUL- ¦
- LER, 1632 Kentucky st.
MAN* wants work by the day. 202 1 A Bryant '
street.'- \ ' \. .- '
___ : — |
AD writer (experienced) desires position. Box -
- 3227, Call office.-,- ... ... ... I
GOOD coatmaker would like a few more jobs; '
. reasonable. > Box 3216, Call. '
POSITION brokers— Clerks, salesmen, book-
• keepers,- .stenographers, , help of - all kind*;
we furnish competent, experienced • help that
we recommend to till positions satisfactorily.
WILDE-* CO.. -759 Market, rm. 18; phone
James 7141.'.. < i - . ¦
WANTED — Steady position on ranch; SO years" •
.experience .with cattle.: horses, farming; am '.
• married. •« children who will work. - Addreaa
O. H. B.. 2475 Poet sL. San Francisco.
JAPANESE strong man wants a position to do
cooking and general housework. AKI, 1303 V} ,
"Castro at.', city. ' . -I
I ¦ . ...-^:__ _,-•:•¦.
! MARION GRIFFIN.
.'¦ ~ '
J406 Hetrrt bullfiln_r. over Examiner entrance.
¦ w ° d( - rn ¦W.nefs methods in fine front offlce*.
Phone Black UG07. cr take eltvator to 4th
: noor. Up-to-date title abstract free with
, every sale. We wll any bouse on our in-
j rtallment plan.
;3S-ROOM apartment-house: south of Market;
j rent fO5; house full; very little, work for
landlady; rrlce $1500; H cash; chance for
Mg profit. MARION GRIFFIN.
37-ROOM apartment-house: north of Market:
, corner; most elegantly furnished In golden
! *>ak and birdseye maple; heavy velvet car-
" iiete; 5-year lease; easy terms. For permit
I to see a gee MARION GRIFFIN.
120-ROOM hotel; very select; profit $500
monthly: price $1200: simply first-class; a
dependable house. MARION GRIFFIN.
il-ROOM hotel; ultra-fashionable; rent $250;
price $5500; clears over $400 monthly: -
lady can manage It. MARION GRIFFIN.
100 ROOMS; new and modern; S-year leasel
income 51097; expenses $639; profit $458;
owner must change climate: it's bona flde:
lfa flrtt-class. MARION GRIFFIN.
17 ROOMS near Et. Francis Hotel: $1600; ln-
come $113 over rent; well furnished; terms,
! part cash and monthly payments: a good
i honest house. MARION GRIFFIN.
I 16 ROOMS on Van Ness ave.: make offer: rent
I $«O; profit $1O« monthly: suitable for refined
? __lady: a swell location. MARION GRIFFIN.
1 ECONOMICAL folk, listen. — -— -
; Why not go at once to fee MARION GRIF-
! FIN. pay $100 down, pave house rent?
| 44 ROOMS near Nob HIM: $200<>: reduced from
! f32«iO; splendid sunny NE corner; owner is
j out of city: v» cash. See MARION GRIFFIN.
i 2S ROOMFr~$12O0; see MARION GRIFFIN;
j quiet; retp^vtable; full: big snap.
¦40 ROOMS; building and furniture- new 1 year
ago; owner M«-k: 4 blocks ol Market: Investi-
gate and make offer to MARION GRIFFIN.
1 2l» R<X)MS; new house: new furniture; lease
if desired: price $15»K». See MARION GRIF-
| FIN.
20 ROOMS; near Market; $650; lease; electric
llghti=: snap; low rent. See MARION
I ORIFFIN.
i 23 ROOMS on Futter: rent $75: all men rooni-
' ers; $1O» per month profit guaranteed: one
ofour best bargains. MARION GRIFFlT-C.
J N. B. — <1> THAT we can sell you a 21-room
housp full of roomers and clearing $70 a
month for $12<>0: '2) that you need only pay
i $Tmx» down: we lend you the balance payable
! Jn Installments. MARION GRIFFIN.
i lf> ROOMS; mark what we claim: good bulld-
Inz: new Aicminster and velvet carpets;
! beautiful birdseye maple, oak and mahogany
i furniture, bought new last August: lease";
$100 per month put Into bank; nicely locat-
• od: 5 blocks north of Market. MARION
j
I _2 ROOMS; income $117 over rent; new and
nice; full of refined, permanent roomers;
beautifully furnished with hair mattresses:
i oak, mahogany and heavy Brussels carpets;
| a SWELL, PROPOSITION. MARION
GRIFFIN.
14 ROOMS near Hyde and OFarrell $S50
14 rooms near Eddy and Hyde $ltnw
14 rooms near Polk and Ellie $1000
14 rooms near Post and Hyde: extra fine;
14 rooms, transient, near Market: make offer.
14 roome; north; rent $2*: clears $50. .$450
MARION GRIFFIN.
: A HINT to the wise.
; It's the rart of wisdom before you buy to
i call on MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Hearst
' building, over Examiner entrance. There
you find courteous, responsible people. There
lrgal papers are drawn according to law.
i Extra careful: they never use any but "MA-
¦ RION GRIFFIN'S up-to-date legal blanks."
60 ROOMS furnished moet beautifully; electric
: elevator: electric lights: exact book accounts
, chow f2S7 profit in March; nicely located;
thoroughly respectable; roomers are business
men. MARION GRIFFIN.
. 24 ROOMS; new and modern and extra well
furnished; a beautiful house inside and out;
large rooms: private baths; sunny corner; we
guarantee this house will fascinate any lady
of refinement. MARION GRIFFIN.
t ___Z_
SPLENDIDLY furnished house of 14 rooms, on
sunny eide of street, near Post and Leaven-
wurth; newly furnished in March. 1903; best
of oak and mahogany; heavy Brussels car-
jtts; only cause Is sickness; the owner must
leave the city; no reasonable offer will o»
rtfustd; landlady occupies 2 nice roon:s and
) receives £>O over rent. MARION GKIFFIN.
40G Examiner building.
t . - — — .
MARION GRIFFLV.
40C Hearst bldg.. over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods in fine front office*.
Phone Black 3B07. or take elevator 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every eale.
We sell any house on our Installment plan.
: RESPECTABLE, quiet and clean: 14 fine large
rooms; housekeeping; rent $10; clears HI
monthly: price $700. See MARION GRIFFIN.
! 40 ROOMS. '
: A 2-Etory bouse of 40 roomF ; good furnish-
ings; all men roomers; rent $110; clears $lit$
j monthly; reduced to $3000; easy to manage.
\ Also a 17-room house on Van Ness
ave. ; rent $00; very little work for
landlady; fine appearing house, inside and
out ; exquisitely furnished in elegant oak and
I mahogany: rich Brussth? carpets; clears $106.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
31 LABGE sunny rooms; new building; straight
rcoming-house. see? Fine location, near
Geary and Jones; eminently reside table:
make offer to my agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
20-ROOM house put down to $1000; clean
and full; rent $00; clears $60 month;
sunny side of street. Pee M AHION GRIFFIN.
PERFECTLY appointed 50-room house in a
very central location, furnished elegantly
April. 1SKB; electric elevator, electric lights;
hot water in every room; 8-year lease; income
$496 over rent; all large single rooms; room-
ers, all business men.
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406. Hearst bid.
; SNAP this. 3 rooms for $250;
5 rooms furnished; 6 blocks north of Market;
rtr.t $35. Call at 2 p. rn. on
MARION GRIFFIN.
SO ROOMS.
Newly furnished 1 year ago; $3S00;
full of men roomers; wide halls; lease:
very low T«ct. MARION GRIFFIN.
SWELL transient house.
Beautifully furnished: extra fine hair tnai-
i tresses; n-w and modern building on sunny
corner; 24 rooms; rent $135; price $2500;
worth $4000 as " money-maker.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
• I'lHITUAI.IS.M. .
MRS». DR. MARTIN, wonderful spiritual healer
ts. business med'm, read dally $1; dev"p'g class
Thurs. t. p.m.; tel. Geary 084; 100CB G.G. ave.
MRS. LESTER'S test circle 8 p. m.. 10c; read-
ir.rs dally. 25c and 50c. 122 Taylor st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4: seances Sunday and Thursday.
GRAND materialising seance Sunday, 2 and
8 p. ra.. 50c. 32S Ellis st.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
alate-wrltcr. 1112 Eddy at. Phone Scott 887.
clairvoyants,
assure:) success for you.
Call at once and save $_
His famous $5 reading this week for
$1 "ft $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
N« charge No charge
Unless you obtain the information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full judge.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife ot lover is true or false; who
and" when you will marry: bow to gain the love
of the one you desire; "in fact." I will tell -ou
every hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself: bis advice Is reliable, bis pow
\ en are wonderful and Indisputable; he lm-
i proves your character so that you will reach
tha highest possible development In mental
vigor health, happiness and capacity to. earn
wealth; the controlling power Implanted In
your nature, so you can change the Intentions,
actions or habits of any one secretly; cures
disease and tost vitality; gives advice on min-
ing and buried treasures; gives you success In
life- he guarantee* you success or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. ra. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 2 to 0.
328 — O'Farrell street— 326. ,
DO you want to know your future? Miss M.
Wllle. 400 Geary St.. the world's greatest
clairvoyant, crystal seer, can be consulted on
all affairs of life: Mrs. Wille ruarantees an
honest, reliable, satisfactory reading; reveals
the past: gives correct forecast of your fu-
ture; tells everything you wish to know; tells,
your name, who your friends or enemies are;
advises you on Important affairs, whether
financial, domestic, social or love, no matter
what trouble you may have; gives the- se-
cret how to control, charm, fascinate the
one you love, although miles apart; reading
$1; French and German spoken. Hours 10 to
8 p. m.
1EMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st. cor. Turk; private readings dally. 10 a.
' rn. to C d. m. ; readings by . mall as satisfac-
tory as in oeracn: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth: don't send currency: send postofflce.
Wells- Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life; business ad-
vice: names given; 25c up. 833 Howard »_
| KMPLOYWEXT WASTED--FEMALE.
A SCOTCH cook, with 5 years', references from
last place, wants a situation in city or coun-
try. Cn II up Mam F.472; not under $40. MISS
PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter St.. near Powell.
¦ FIRST-CLASS young Swedish cook, best of
¦ references, city or country, can be seen at
J. F. CROSETT & CO.'S. &4 Sutter st.
A STRONG Swedish' woman wishes work by
the day. Tel. Grant 178. MRS. NORTON.
313 Sutter st. . • '
STENOGRAPHER — . Thoroughly competent
stenographer and typist, with commer-
cial, education and long experience, seeks po-
sition: is rapid and accurate and accustomed
to difficult dictation; highest references 83
to both character and ability. Box 3232, Call.
POSITION by neat, refined Eastern woman;
elderly ;. likes children; good plain cook; ca-
pable entire work of family; wages $12.
Box 1499. Call offlce. - , . ' ,
WANTED— By a competent' middle-aged New
England woman as cook' and come house-
. ' work. Call or address New England Woman,
I ,381 O'Farrell st -
A HOSPITAL nurse, speaking French and Eng-
lish, will nurse Invalid, attend doctor's of-
flce. travel,' or accept other suitable occupa-
tion. Box 3203, Call offlce. .
I DRESSMAKER experienced, good cutter, fitter'
and designer, would like a few more engage-
ments by the flay; terms reasonable. Box
3138. Call offlce.
RELIABLE woman wants housecleanlng or
washing for Monday and Thursday. Call or
address MRS. L. LEECH. 148 Sixth st.
WANTED — By Protestant woman, cooking and
housework in small American family. 315
Gough st. . ¦ . ... • .
STRONG woman wishes house and window
cleaning, $1 50; best references. 151SA How-
ard St. . ' ¦ .. . i
I YOUNG lady wishes position as cashier in
! restaurant. Address H. P.. box 1367. Call.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes care of Invalid
or confinement cases; terms reasonable. Box
1363, Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted; housework, email family,
or caring for children. Call after noon Mon-
day, SS3 Bush st. •
A GOOD chambermaid (married) desires 4 to 7
hours' work daily. Address, stating wages,
box «15ti. Cail offlce.
WOMAN wants work by the day. house-
cleaning. $1 50 and carfare. .Call or address
MRS. OSGOOD. 115 Uaycs st.
A WOMAN wishes to go out, wash or house-
cleanlng. by the day; $1 50 and carfare. Call
213 Tehama st.1
DRESSMAKER, with reference, wants engage-
ments by day; tailor-made eults and fancy.
550 Stevenson st., near Seventh.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman. of refinement de-
xires position as nurse and companion for
Invalid. Box 3224, Call office.
WANTED — Position as working housekeeper:
flr-t-claEB cook: references. Address box
j 3217. Call office.
YOUNG lady with lots of energy wants situa-
tion as life insurance agent; understands
business thoroughly. Box 3212, Call offlce.
! EXPERT stenographer, Spanish, English, em-
ployed days, wants evening or job work.
I Phone Red 2532.
; FIRST-CLASS general laundress wanla posi-
tion by day or month; wages $35. Phone
! Larkln 2716. 1048 Larkln st.
' YOUNG woman wltb references want* house-
j cleaning by the day. $1 CO and car fare. 7B9
; McAllister st. \
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day;
washing and housecleaninc; $1 50 a day and
car fare. 1345 Minna st.
AMERICAN woman wants work by the day;
flrst-class house-cleaner; $1 25 and carfcre.
Box 3127, Call.
ELDERLY woman wishes situation to do light
housework or mind a child; no objection to
country. Box 3129. Call.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
more engagements by the day: terms reason- I
able. Box 3204. Call offlce. ;
I GOOD dressmaking at reasonable prices. MRS. j
FAHBY. 1 Burnett st., bet. Powell and
j Stockton, off Bush.
\ A COMPETENT girl wants place cooking, gen-
eral housework; wages $25; city or country.
Box 3101, Call offlce.
WOMAN wants work as chambermaid In a
rooming-house or work by the day. Box
j 314S. Call, of flee. . .-.••.'- -'i,;
' MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes position as work-
ing housekeeper in family of 2 or 3 adults;
j wages $25. Box 63. 1008 Market St.
A — MUSIC teacher: Violin and plan* Box
3179. Call offlc*^
A RELIABLE woman wishes position as house-
keeper; good cook. Box 3193, Call offlce.
| A WOMAN would like work by the day. Call
at 207 Eighth Et.
- LADY wishes work by the day, forenoon only. |
Box 301tf. Call office. I
L EXPERIENCED German lady cook wishes
work. Box 3190, Call offlce.
DRESSMAKER wants work by day; $1 50 and
car fare. Box 1305, Call offlce.
I CHAMBERMAID wants place in small family.
Box 48, 1008 Market st.
' GERMAN woman would like to cook by the
day; befit of references. Box 1464, Call,
COMPETENT woman wants situation to cook
in camp or ranch. 327 Minna st.'
WANTED— Young woman wants position as \
housekeeper. Address box 1319. Call offlce.
i i i — — . i
j A YOUNG woman wants housecleanlng by day;
I $1 50. Box 3202, Call office. 1
j GIRL wishes place to do second work; no ob>i
jectlon to children. Box 3125. Call offlce. i
. LADY wishes position as teacher of burnt
.work. Box 1133. Call offlce. Oakland. ;
j . ________ ,
j A GOOD seamstress wiehes a few more en- i
gagements by \ the day. j 1633 Sacramento st. j
! REFINED Flnnieh lady wishes some kind of J
i light housework; no wash. 1161 Howard st. i
I POSITION as governess; good references. Box'
I 31S0. Call oftlce. : |
! WOMAN wants work by the day. Call 9}&
; Salmon St., off Pacific, near Taylor.
', STRONG woman wishes work by the da*.
Washing, sweeping or dusting. 157 Ninth st. j
J WANTED — A position as housekeeper for '
! a widower or care of invalid. 406 Octavla et. s
j WANT few hours by tho day to do house- '<
¦ ¦ cleaning. Apply 668 Cole st. ¦
POSITION wanted by German girl; cooking, '
general housework. P. O. box 803, Berkeley.
'. A LADY wants situation as assistant at light
housework. 609 Grove st.
WORKING girl would like work of any kind.
Address A. G.. 106 Eleventh st.
.POSITION by young girl: light upsta!r 8 !
work or care for child. 31 Lafayette St., rear.
I "WANTED — Ironing, washing and house-clean- >
Ing by the day. 1507 Mission st
YOUNG German couple want positions with
good family; man is perfect as nurse and
masseur, understands all domestic work,
gardener and can handle horses. Address
box 1403, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED, refined, educated business
woman from the East wishes employment '
with a business house; Is first-class book- :
keeper. Box 1481. Call offlce. :
DANISH lady, just from Denmark, wishes
chamberwork or hounowork. Apply MRS.
L. WESTERG ARD. 214 Ellis B t. j
GERMAN woman wants work by the day;
cooking, washing or cleaning. Address MRS. ,
M. K., 013 Natoma st. I
DRESSMAKER, first' class, best references, j
will go out. Box 1350, Call. j
MAN and wife with, baby wish, position on j
farm; wife to cook, . husband to make him- !
. self useful. Apply 357% Minna St., between *
Fourth and Fifth; call before 3 o'clock. . . '
A MIDDLE-AGED lady would like ; a position
to do ¦ general housework or chamber work.
•> Address 2738 Bryant st. . , . .
RELIABLE, competent woman. wishes position
as cook where second, girl is kept. 112S
Broadway- -.,".. . •> ¦' . ¦-.'.;- ;.''-'.,
A YOUNG German girl would like a situation
• In a small family. Call at 1183. Filbert st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sta.
WANT ads and subscriptions ¦ taken ' for Tha
Call at Eaton's Bazaar., 633 McAllister st.
EMPLOYMENT, WANTED—MALE.
STEADY,' reliable man* desires a position as '
watchman or. driver for delivery 'wagon; can
•" give cash ¦ security .- If .required. Address G.
.I_' E., 17« Fourth st...room 30.- : .
WANTED— By experienced night watchman
position in factory, warehouse or wholesale
. house; flrst-class - references. Address J. V.
, QUENTIN, 3121 Sixteenth St., San Francisco.
A BRIGHT, young man, good all-round clerk,
. some experience : in ! underwear ¦ business . not
- afraid of work," wants position; "best refer-
ence*. •¦ H. M..r 1116 Steiner st.' ;
WANTED--MA1E.
SITUATION wanted "by ; a competent retail
jewelry salesman and - registered optician;
gilt edge references. Address box 3126. Call.
WOODWORKER; skillful, acquainted with
- drawings and with mensuration; can operate
•band and circular saws and planers; a good
wood . turner as well ;¦ desires employment.
Address Antl-Hoodlum. : 27 Birch avc., city.
WATCHMAN— Trustworthy man. middle aged,
resident of . San Francisco for many years,
wishes situation as watchman or. manager of
a place of trust: flrst-class references and
securities. Box 3200. Call offlce. |
RELIABLE German, 35, wishes situation as
man about private place, ranch, resort; good
horseman, -careful driver: handy with tools;
milk no objection; country references. Ad-
dress box 1137. Call offlce, Oakland.
AN Intelligent, reliable Japanese college stu-
dent desires a good situation as schoolboy;
has experience for plain cooking, waiting and
good housework; speaks thoroughly. Address
box 3747. Call; tel. Black 6034.
COMPETENT young man stenographer and
' typewriter, having over three years' practi-
cal experience, wishes to secure better po-
sition than his present one; references. - Box
1308. Call offlce. . ¦; ,
BOOKKEEPER and collector— Experienced,
competent, reliable young man of good habits
and gilt edg^ references wants position; can
furnieh bond. Room 16, 769 Market St.,
phone James 7141.
DRAUGHTSMAN, mechanical, wants posltton;
also would like employment during leisure
hours making drawings, sketches, in any
work in engineering at reasonable rates. Box
1321. Call office. ¦ ¦ ¦ ' '¦ ' '
PATTERNMAKER; machine and architectu-
- xal; technically educated and capable of tak-
ing charge In a foundry shop; desires em-
ployment. Address Anti-Hoodlum, 27 Birch
avenue, dtv.
COMPETENT painter and paper-hanger, un-
derstands tinting, graining, hardwood, fin-
ishing, wants work; hotel or Institution or
private parties; city or country. Box 312S,
Call office.
TO stockmen and others — Position wanted
where there is both inside and outside work
by married man; bookkeeping; good hand
with horses. ' \V. H.. 470 Thirty-eighth »t..
Oakland.
WANTED — Position by one capable of attend-
ing to correspondence, taking charge of of-
fice force or performing secretarial duties;
highest of references. Box 3187, Call offlce.
POSITION in country store by thorough, ex-
perienced grocery man; good solicitor; somn
experience in general merchandise; best of
references. Box 1473, Call offlce.
HANDY man with all kinds of mechanical
tools, also a good driver and well acquainted
in the city, wants work of any kind; no ob-
jection to small wages. Box 1482, Call.
YOUNG man seeks situation on a horse ranch;
one who has some experience and who is
willing to learn and willing to work. W. Q.,
623 Kearny st.. San Francisco, Cal. \ "¦ .
WANTED — Position by all around printer, In
newspaper or job office, or as reporter or
prt-ssman ; 25 years' experience. ¦ Address
JOHN YOUNG. Santa Barbara, Cal.
GENTLEMAN, active and executive, traveled
extensively, speaks several languages, will-
ing to go to any part of the world, ia open
for a position. Box 3162. Call offlce.
RELIABLE man wants position In private
place; understands horses; good driver; can
milk and attend to garden; good all around
man; good references. Box 1465. Call. .
CAPABLE solicitor, thoroughly experienced,
desires to represent commission or grocery
house to sell goods on commission only; ref-
erences or bonds. Box 3011. Call.
GENTLEMAN wishes position in gents' fur-
nishing store to learn business. Address C.
E.. box 1402, Call offlce.
I~IAVE spare, time; will give careful atten-
tion to affairs of Invalids or people leaving
city; absolutely highest references. Box
1483. Call offlce.
j TWO French chauffeur machinists would like
! to meet party with $3000 for Investment In
: automobile business; full security; good in-
terest. Box 3133, Call. Vr<,
MAN and wife (British) want positions; man
first-class coachman, wife good plain cook;
city or country; city references. Box 3170,
Call office. /¦¦¦¦¦ ' :
ALLROUND laundryman, capable of taking
charge, desires a position; willing worker;
¦ easy terms; interview evenings, after 6. Box
'3174. Call offlce. ."
A YOUNG married man wants position, ship-
ping cUrk. marker or order clerk; A No, 1
references. Room 16, 769 Market St., phone
James 7141.'
AN elderly, sober carpenter wants work about
place for good home; small wages. Address
Home, box 1405, Call.
! EXPERIENCED collector wants position; best
i of reference and bonds. Box 1390. Call.
WORK wanted for boy 14 years old.. 455 Jes-
sle st. |
SITUATION wanted as bartender; city or
country. 833 Howard st.
RELIABLE man wants to Invest some cash
with Christian owning a farm, for a good
home and work. Box 1320. Call offlce.
HANDY Frenchman of good education, relia-
ble wishes position In private place; city or
country; references given. Box 1461, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes light work on
a ranch; references given. Please address
box 3150, Call offlce. '
YOUNG man wants posltton as day janitor
around public building; references. Box 1322.
Call offlce. .
WANTED — Work on ranch by experienced
hand ; good, all round worker. Address box
1467. Call offlce.
SITUATION as first or second butler; city or
country: good references. Address servant,
phone Main 1304^ * -
POSITION as stock' clerk in wholesale clothing
house; good reference. Address box 3221,
Call offlce. '" , r
CARPENTER; hotel, store or club; experi-
enced handy mechanic; best references. Box
3218. *Cail offlce.
YOUNG man having a good knowledge of pho-
tography wants a position to work afternoons
only. Bx 3102. Call office. s
YOUNG man. thoroughly understands care of
horses and livestock, wishes position on gen-
tleman's place. Box 3195, Call.
POSITION wanted as porter in wholesale house
or other work; am good driver. Box 3159,
Call offlce. ¦; -- .
WANT situation for good strong boy: offlce or
store; flrst-class city references. Box 31S5.
Call offlce. '
YOUNG man with good character wants situa-
tion as butler in town or city; good milker
and thorough horseman. Box 3211, Call.
A YOUNG man having a few hours to spare
every day wishes light employment of some
kind. 921 Harrison st.
YOUNG man. experienced in handling "money,
dfKlrei position; best references. Box 3750,
Call offlce.
COLLECTOR In Denver wants to locate here;
10 years' experience; best bank references.
Box 3186. Call.
A YOUNG man. age 20. desires position as por-
ter In general merchandise store: strong and
willing to work. Address box 3205, Call.
BRIGHT, neat boy, now employed, seeks better
opportunities; has artistic Ideas, mechanical
ability. Box 3181, Call offlce.
GARDENER, well experienced, single, German,
4 years' -references last place, wants a situa-
tion. box 320G, Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position to work
in a sanitarium or physician's office; best of
references. Box 3175. Call offlce.
A BOY, 1C years, would like a position to
¦ assist In offlce; can use typewriter. Box
• 3163, Call offlce. J
.YOUNG man wishes situation as clerk In real
- estate offlce: will Invest small capital. ¦ Box
115, 1008 Market st.
COOK, .all around- meat and pastry, wants
situation; sober. • reliable. W. A." JONES,
Allendale P.- O. -;
MAN ' wants position as . bookkeeper In whole- '
sale "house. Address box. 1131, Call offlce,
Oakland. , ••-•¦• -.••:¦'". <
COOK — Fry - or «.; short order - cook wants po- ¦
¦'- sitlon - in hotel * or restaurant. ' Address
i COOK, room 7,' 22 Tehama st.
YOUNG man wants position In wholesale house
' . where there Is chance for advancement. Box
3201, Call office. -• -•, . - <•'..
RELIABLE young - man - 34 ¦ yean . old wants
situation to work mornings before 10 o'clock.
: F. J. C, 2933 Mission tt.r; " ' . . \
.WANTED'— Position as •fireman; understand
;r oil ; • three years' j experience I marine ' fireman.
Box 3131,"= Call. r .; ..
WANTED— -Position '.-' as ''¦/ assistant - ¦- engineer; '
steady,'-' sober.* Industrious; - three years' .'ex-
. Dniience: rood > references. .'Box - 3225. . Call.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WAITER, reliable, experienced. - wlsiies sltua-
._ tion in country..; Box :?21 4. Call. _
BOOKKEEPER, competent and reliable, hav-
ln_ spare ttme. -.would devcte It to writirt*
u? books for a business house. Box 1*87,
Call office. . ' ' ' -
EXPERIENCED young : man "desires ! position
as afsistant : bookkeeper or general offlc*
work; good penman, best reference*, etc
Address boa 14SO. Call office.
NEAT, sober man desires, steady place, doing
chores; can milk; understands gardening:
Rood with horses. Address box 2171. Call
branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore St.
MAN and wife wish positions in country hotel;
man as porter or runner: wife as chamber-
maid or waitress. Address box 13«2. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS cabinetmaker wants a posl-
tlon In factory or furniture store. Box 1430.
Call offlce.
BARTENDER, reliable, experienced, wlab*.
situation. In city; speaks German. Spanish
and Swedish; references. Box 14JS3. Call.
WANTED— Po&ltlon by mechanic^ " tin sheet
iron worker and plumber. In city or country;
hotel or factory. . Box 14g3. Call office.
WANTED— Job' as porter. Box H97. fall.
WANTED— Position as engineer. 337 Sixth St.
- Oakland. i -
YOUNG man would like position as entry citric
and stenographer. Address box- 1428 Call
. offlce. ¦ -
JANITOR— Man and wife, no children. Ger-
man- Swiss; man engineer, do all kinds of
repairing, own tools; wife do housecteaninz.
'Box 1371. Call offlce.
ALL around butcher and sausage-maker wouli
like a position in the city or country. Ad-
dresa 67 Ryan ave., San Francisco.
COOKS — Two strictly sober Eastern men want
ranch cooking together; best of references.
Address box 1381. Call offlce.
PLUMBER (licensed) wants. work by the day
. or week from property owner; has all nec-
essary shop tools. Box 1452. Call offlce.
TWO farmers would like to get work 'in city
or country. Box 1378, Call offlce.
WANTED— Light work for afternoons, from 1
to 8 o'clock. Addreaa box 1408. Call offlce.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants a position as
cook and plain washing. GOR. MORI. 251*
Pine st.: tel. Scott 1011.
JAPANESE good boy wants a position a*
waiter. KANTE K. FOYAGI. 807 Polk «t.:
phone Polh-39fa.
JAPANESE boy (1C) wishes position as offlca
boy or light etorework. Address FRANK.
110 Taylor «t. (rear).
JAPANESE, good boy. wants situation aw
waiter in small family, city or country. J.
HAMA. 703 Larkln st.. telephone Polk 3782.
JAPANESE wants place 8 to 9:30 a. m.: any
work. Add ref 3 HARRY. 1*7 Powell st.
FINANCIAL
COSTA RICA BANANA CO.— A life Income;
-shares starting 10c; send for very interest-
ing prospectus. 539 Crossley building; phon»
James 3971.
_ 1T_A,TS TO LET.
A FEW WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
$33 00— 225 Pierce, nr. Halght; upper flat. 7
. . rooms and bath : has just been put in
' flrst-class condition.
$32 60—2450 California St.. nr. Steiner; sunny
lower flat; 6 rooms and bath . ,
$40 00 — 315 Van Ness ave.. nr. Fulton; sunny
lower flat, 7 rooms and bath; centrally
located.
$40 00—89 Bartmt. nr. 22d; splendid upper
flat; S rooms and bath; best location In
Mission.
$40 00—2060 Union, nr. Webster; elegant new
ry* . upper flat. 7 rooms and bath; sun In
every room; marine view.
$42 6O— 1025 Fillmore. nr. McAllister; middle
flat; 8 rooms and bath: centrally located.
$45 CO— 1545 Pine. nr. Polk; "Glendore" Apt.
I. t> rooms and bath; suitable for physi-
cian; rent includes every convenience.
$45 CO — IC'J Lyon. nr. Page; beautiful sunny
flat, new; 7 rooma and bath; key on
premises.
$42 50. $52 50— South side of Clay. nr. DevU-
adero: new lower and upper flats, 8
rooms and bath; artistic and up to d-te;
key on premises.
$45 50, $55 — Three new.flat3; just completed;
rast side Franklin, nr. Broadway; ar-
tistic and very desirable; excellant loca-
tion; 7 rooms and bath each; Janitor on
. premises. . ' '
$50 00—817 Van Ness ave. ; "Howland." SW.
. . . cor. Ellis. Apt. 6; 6 rooms and bath,
electric light, steam heat and every con-
venience.
$50. $55. SCO— East line Larkln. nr. Jackson; 3
elegant new . flats in course of construc-
• tion: 7 and ,n rooma and .bath each:
every convenience known to modern ar-
chitecture.
$55, $eo — NE. cor. Hayes and Lyon: beautiful
sunny middle and lower flats; 8 rooms
and bath; sun In every room.
$55 00—1023 butter, nr. Octavla: elegent new
. .. - .flat. 8 rooms and bath; sunny and up
to date.
$57 50 — 2408 Van Ness ave.. nr. Green; new
lower 7 rooms and bath; sunny and de-
sirable.
$60 00—1545 ,Plne. nr. Polk. "Glendore," Apt.
S; 6 sunny rooms and bath; artistic and
thoroughly modern; janitor on premises.
$60. $$0— South side O'Farrell. nr. Gough; _
modern new flats; 7 and 11 rooms and
bath each; nearlnr completion; key on
premises: see them.
$60 00—030 Van Ness ave., nr. O'Farrell: mod-
ern flats; 9 rooma and bath; suitable for
rooming purposes.
$75 00— OSS Post st., nr. Hyde; new sunny
upper fiat; 9 rooms and bath; suitable
for rooming purposes.
If you are looking for an apartment do hot
fall to Inspect the magnificent apartments in
the "Warren." 701 Post St., cor. Jones; 8 rooms
and bath each; rents are reasonable and Include
janitor and elevator service, water and steam
heat; see janitor on premises.
Send for our classified list. We will mall
it cn application.
SHAINWALD, BUCK BEE & CO..
21S-220 Montgomery nt..
- ¦¦ Mills Building.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department; over 100O
In number; a combined list from all agend«s;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall: service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an Immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
' this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 215-230 Geary
ct., on the square, y .
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia— New flat. S
, rooms and bath; all modern Improvements.
Sixth, near Bryant— Flat of 4 rooms: $7 HO.
Apply to G. A. LEROUX. 29 New Mont-
gomery at.
TO LET — Beautiful new sunny fiat, with all
TToJern improvements and back yard; rent
$18. Inquire to-day. 2405 Clement st.. Rlch-
• mond district. • ¦ • •
ELEGANT new 6 and 7 room flats; sun all day;
. 1 block north of Market st. ; Noe St.. be-
.tween Fifteenth and Henry sta. _____
FRANKLIN 2344. between Broadway • and
. Vallejo — 3' modern flats; marine view; rent
¦ moderate;
MCALLISTER. 1561-3-5. east of Devlaadero —
Three up-to-date 7-room flats. Juat finished;
sun in every room.
SHARON, 33, bet. 15th and 16th. oft Market —
New upper flat. 7 large sunny rooma; mod-
ern Improvements; rent $25. ¦ '
NEW fiats; 5 & 6 r.; yard; basement: every
convenience: rent reasonable to good tenant.
145C-54 Eighth ave.. S. of O. Q. Park.
SEVENTEENTH. 41S2. near Castro St.— Mod-
ern, sunny, upper flat 7 rooms, bath, base-
ment; $25. - t
WANTED— Party to sbara a modern flat, -a -
' cant May 1: rent $35; nine rocms. Call at
1303% • Waller, st. for particulars.
4 ROOMS and bath, yard and basement : near
Twenty-fourth and Castro. Apply 517 CUp-
per St.; $13. t
6 SUNNY rooms, bath, yard, basement: mod-
ern improvements. 2022 Twenty-third St.. ,
near Harrison.
A NEW modern flat of 6 rooms and bath; rea-
¦ sonable to responsible party. 828 Harrison st.
BAKER, 733 — Extra fine middle flat • rooms,
bath, open plumbing; very sunny. *
CAPP, 1006, near 25th— New sunny modern; 5
rooms, yard; rent reasonable.
COLE and Carl, corner, south side Panhandle
— 2 .new, sunny, modern 6-room upper flats.
DOWNTOWN modern sunny flat: ft .rooms.
.bath: every convenience. 033 Post, nr. Hyde.
HAYES. 1747. near Park entrance; modern
sunny lower flat: 5 rooms and_bathj_$22_50.
ELEGANT new corner: upper 1 flat: 6 rooms
'and bath- .2294 Filbert st;: grand view; reas.
ELEGANT . modern flats; just completed. 1000
¦Capp St.. ' near Twenty-sixth. ' '..
ELLIS lt>39 -near- Derisadero — Fine <l-room
- flat to good tenant. $28 50.
FLAT of 3 nice rooms. Apply 11 Clara at.,
between Third, and Fourth. , . "
j? or Additional Classified Ad vertlse-
ments See P»se; Forty-Six, : __
.A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1C50.
3 JZdAy st.. cor. Market and Powell.
¦ Headquarter* for .Kooniing-House*. Hotels and
All Kin_» of Business Chances.
:,l^*J
1*0 rooms: grand, new. modern apsrtment-
>iou>«; elcg»ntl> furnished and equipped: cheap
:rnt; fine lease; uyinc $500 to $,(W0 per month;
.-losOn; full nice people: bargain if taken at
ueict; dissolution of partnerthip.
13$ room*; downtown commercial hctel- 8
>»ars" lease; cheap rent; elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities to teeoure flrst-
d-M hotel; owner lias other business; part
la&h. balance time.
» room*: sunny fiat: rent $50: oak. mahogany
f«r.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
2« room*; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
•part-sent -house and pay cash difference.
7-room fl«t; rent $4<t; oak furniture- good
carpets; cickness; price $350.
Ifi2 room*: tnoM elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
em building: fine entrance, cheap rent :" clear-
ing $«on per month; 5-year lease; part cash.
balance S per cent prr year.
is rooms; rent $S5; north Market; clone in;
r.>od money-maker; reduced from $1600 to
90 room?; part offlcea; elegant new building
«nd furniture. hlgh-olas» location: beautiful
halls: everything modern: first-class grill in
connection; bej-t proposition In city; called Eaat.
. ' 24 rooms; rent $145: new and elegantly fur-
rished; oak ar.<J mahogany; fine proposition;
. go«<l leaj«e.
125 rooms: cheap rent; lrng lease; first -cla^s.
up-to-date downtown hou*e; well furnished;
clearing $500 to $600 per month; must uell on
account of other business; only with us.
SO room-; rent only $100: all new furniture;
doctor pays tM; clearing over all expr-nse $1<«>;
best Ftreet Oakland; will trade for San Fran-
cisco house.
14 rooms; rent only $60; oak furniture; good
carpevs; part caeh. tv.au- -e time; price $850.
36 rooms; rent $3 50 per room; first*cls*!«
downtown location; long lease; thoroughly ren-
•jvated and put in best condition; guaranteed
to clear over $20o per month: floe opportunity
for good Investment; price $2500.
20 rooms; cheap rent; close in: thoroughly
: «-*peotable ; all full; clears $100; part cash.
30 rooms; rent only $150: oak and cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close in: fine money-maker.
220 rooms: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting: fcrand new building; clear-
ing: $400 to $600 xx-r month; cbUged to leave
city.
II rooms; rent $*<>; close in: oek, cherry fur-
niture, Brussels carpets; clear* $G5 over all ox-
}.enee»; $400 cash, balance time; snap: $700.
40 rooms; clrgantly furnished; rent only $250;
«i*.k and mahufrany furniture; f.0 iKjardPr*:
••Iranng $2.*«« p>'r month; clcse in; fine buy;
price $6000.
1ft* rooms: cheap rent: new and elegantly
'urnmhed: up-to-<Iate roomtng-hnuse: has fine
bar. can be run in conjunction If desired; rare
• hance for right parties; part cash, balance
'«n V- p»v'.'i out of the house; other business In-
terest* demand immediate departure.
126 rooms: rent only $4 per room; nrw and
up-to-date house: all men: electric elevatoi.
light*; long lexse; clears $400 to $500 per
month: one of the bent buye in Oie city.
\9 rooms; rent only $100; wrii furnished; lit-
tle apartnsent-house: reduced to $1100.
150 rooms; beautiful comer; 3 and 4 room
spartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout ; mor t elegantly furnished house
In city; call for terms and particulars.
00 rooms; cheap rent: new and l>eautlfu!ly
f'imisJied; modern building; close in; full of
n.ce people; half cash, balance low interest.
75 rocms; grand new building; elegantly fur-
r'.ahed; cheap rent; 10 yean?" lease; close in:
ileara $400 per month; $4000 down, balance 8
\jt cent per annum; departure.
33 rooms: cheap rent; good lease; beautifully
turnished: new modern building; very central;
all full; little gem of a house; leaving city.
120 rooms; fine downtown corner house; pri-
vate baths: beautiful furniture: 2 entrances:
takes in $30 to *40 per day Jr«nFient. betides
regular roomers; will bear Investigation.
21 rorms; "corner; rent only $K!>: oak fur.:
giod carpets, housekeeping; all full: clearing ,
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlacV. price
$1600.
BO rooir.s; new. modern apartment-house: 10-
year-leaue; cheap rer.t: clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
17 rooms: Ellis rt.: rent fTO; oak furniture.
Asminster carpets; fine condition; clears $80;
fine little buy.
For rent— 4-room suite, furnished. In fine
jipartment-houae, 4 to 6 months; rental $45 per
month: references; no Email children.
« rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $30: can
be had by paying $150 down, balance time;
$450.
100 ROOMS: runny corner: rent $125 $4500
112 rooms: clear* $350: low rent $4r>00
frrt room* ; furniture nearly new !:imhi
15 rooms: fine location, north of Market. .$W»0 '
4fi rooms; in Oakland: new; rent $60 ?25OO |
12 roorc*; half cash; cheap rent $600
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL & ¦
CARROLL. 212 Kearr.j f
FIXTEEN-ROOM lodgh.s-house. 402 Geary «t_.
corner Mason; no agents.
1* ROOMS; rent SH); water free; 24-year
lease; furnished new; make offer. 323 Taylor.
BARGAIN— 20 rooms; rent $00; rooms full;
rv and bath. 240V» Sixth -t.
I_ SUNNY rooms, fully furnished; only $385; I
clears $65; large back yard. C10 O'Farrell st. j
WANTED — Lodging house, not over S3 rooms, j
and well furnished. Address box 3536, Call.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
cpened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 P. rn.
BICYCLES— For Sale or Exchange.
BARGAIN — Nearly new Blue Tribune with
coacter brake and accessories. 5€5 O'Farrell.
< 'A It PUT IJIJATIAG A.MJ CLEAMXC.
COMPRESSED air and vacum aystem now
universally used In cleaning carpets oa
floor: without removal; price moderate: 8.
F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.. 3W> Mar-
ket at.; tel. -lain 152. Buah «7S.
WHEN you become disgusted with you work
•end for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpct-beat-
Ir.g Works, 355-357 Tehama «t.; tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteentli «t.. clean-
Ing A laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1809 Har-
rison st.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission '£5.
CONKLIN'E Superior Carpet-Beating Works,
S23 Oolden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
1JOPKE BROS.; excellent carpet beating: mat-
trewes made orer. 1432 Howard :tel. South 216.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3V4. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props
RUDOLPH tc. CO.. carpet- beating works; prices
rea»r.r.ahl«j. 1703 Harrison rt.: tel.Mlsalon 2C3.
COTTAGE- TO LET. .
TO let—New cottage; 4 rooms and bath. Ap-
ply, owner, -lumber yard, SE. corner of Ala-
bama and Montcalm sts.
$11— NEW cot..' 3 rs.: $8, cot., 5 rs. 17 Uoscoe.
first ft. to right off Crescent av; Mission cars.
C-ROOM cottare end bath at S429 Buchanan
St.. near Jackon; $20.
COTTAGES SCBCnBAX— TO LWT.
TO let for e-ummer. near San Anselmo — Large j
cottage; part furnished; stable, large grounds, i
fine oj^harO. Address A. VOGEL. San
Anstlrao, Cal.
MILL VALLEY — Completely furnished cottage.
5 moms, bath. $4O. Apply 622 CFarr-ll rt.
COTTAGES— SPBUHBAJT. !
n.'RNIBHED cottage 7 rocma. bath; Fair
(•fck.-. near Menlo Park. A. ROY IIARR1-
SON. 140 Oeary gt.
. jjCOttJECTIOK^OJTPICEB-
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collection* made:
city cr country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
. Montgomery, rooma B-10; tel. Main S5S0
CZtOT-CCEM.
C P. ADAVI8 CO. ~
SPECIAL CREDIT^ STORE.
We clothe the whole family from bats . to
• hoer; everything up to date at cash price*.
Ct-&U for all. 31 K Mason at.
CXOT-g-TO -UB-fOTATUfCr.
¦ I CITS cleaned and pressed, $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bon Karche. 40 Ellis St.. room 14;
l»hon« Prutnm 44 Call for and rtetlv»e tr*m.
CU-KE8 -Um_B. _-¦'•',
WHO T— Hunter. 120U Market st.: $100; rupture
cur* tor $10; circular expUi-s; tend for one*
{ • ' ' X*\ \ \TS— roiit!nne<L.
Tiiii FL'tCKt; K<2y'KAL£D.
THE PAST DISCLOSED.
THE PRESENT ANALYZED
BV LIVINGSTONE,
¦ 428 Eddy st. -
PROF. LIVINGSTONES readings are like
a living pugs of Flammarlon's treatises that
is so electrifying the world to-day. HE IS
NO IMITATOR. His Work Is upon original
lines: PURE THOUGHT. CLEAR VISION.
He TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE TO
KNOW. AND WORKS IN THE OPEN
LIGHT. AND IS AS CONSPICUOUS FOR
ITS WONDERFUL OCCULT ANALYSIS AS
IT IS FOR 1T3 ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS.
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
give you a full life reading for $1. A test is
of little value when the mind is troubled —
you need more substantial aid and' advice.
. This is Just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
, gives you when you call on him for a first-
class clairvoyant reading. He asks you no
questions, but tells you what you wish to
know.
He does not mention all the I Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case.' Let PROF.
-LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy. •
Remember the number— 428 EDDY ST.
Hours. 10 a. m. to S p. m.
WHAT do you want to know?
Ask the Real Romany Gypsies.
Two caraps — 145 Powell st.; 2S5 Geary st.
A — MME. PORTER, celebrated clairvoyant me-
dium and card reader, born with a double
veil and second sight, tells past, present and
future; 1. -50c, g. by cards $1; palmistry and
I clairvoyant sit.. $1 50. 312 Mason, nr. Geary.
A--Miss M Wllle, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal *eer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion, bames given; special, $1; hours 10 to S.
I MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sight; a wonderful prophetess;
names; I. 50c, g. $L 714 Franklin, nr. G.G.ave.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice given on «;: affairs of life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed: 25c up. 17 3g. next Exam.
Mrs. A. H.Krcnenberg, palmist, clairvoyant, card
ieader;when others fail try n.e: good readings
_10c. 721 FrankI!n.nr.G.G.ave.Tel.Larkln42O7.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c:
: gents 5oc. «51 Mission st.. nr. 6th; open Sun.
; OLDEST lidy palmist and card reader in city.
26>4 Kearny. room 20; ladies 25c; gents 50c.
MISS WARD, clairvoyant, gives names, dates
and facts; readings dally. 917 Market et.
MRS BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23 Vj 6th; 1. 2»e. g. 50c.
I MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune-
trllcr. is now at 317 Ellis st.
WONDERFUL Dalmist and can} reader. 421
J Hyde st. \
| MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant, card reader, slt-
i tings daily. 44SV; Jessie ft., bet. Sth and Cth.
DENTISTS.
i DR. GRUSS. 516 Callaghan bldg.. Market and
McAllister sts.. usets the Basford obtunder;
1 the only device ever Invented for grinding.
, drilling and excavating teeth without pain.
i Call for demonstration. TeL Jessie 3606.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — cannot break;
, warranted 20 yrs. : crown. $3 50; fillings, 60c;.
• plates. $5; full Bet; all work painless and
i warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
j Paris Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny, cor. Bush—
1 ' Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;fllllngs,25c.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. surgeon-dentist,r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid., 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
GOLD fillings. 75c; silver, 35c; crowns. $2; no
i pain; open Sundays. Dr. O.B.Hewltt,2O4 Suttr.
DKKSvMAkEKS ASH SKA31STUKSSUS
McDowell dressmaking
and millinery school.
; Oldest and best; 13 years of successful work.
Leading tsyatem of dresscuttlng.
Thorough Instruction in every deiit.
Millinery dept. recommended by wholesaler".
; Any i*ttern cut to measure; evening class.
j 1010 Market St.. above 6th, S. F.
ACADEMY dreescuttlng. designing, millinery,
fancy work, 428 Sutter; 192 pupils in 3 months
tells the story of our success; only school that
teaches cutting, fitting, making ' your" own
gowns, waists, etc., systematically; last week
of special offer, $5 full course; patterns cut
to measure. . _ . ... . .
Accordion, sunburst and knlfe-plalting; double
etarops on dress Uninga. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory. 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
1 McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School— |
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt. <
! V EDUCATIONAL. •
! AT home in our new quarters, thj largest, best
lighted and most delightful place of business
¦ study In the entire West. New. complete,
extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring .
I Instruction. 75- page catalogue on request.
. CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901- |
U25 Golden Gate ave. i
AYRES. the leading business college, 723 Mar- i
ket st.; established IS years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
! HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S. I
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing. ¦
languages, telegraphy, English branches; day
¦and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once If you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market st. '
LEARN SPANISH In two Months; classes In ¦
French and Spanish. $5 a month. i
B. F. AMES. Teacher of Languages,'
268 Golden Gate ave.. cor. Hyde st.
i WANTED — People to know that the California i
Business College has opened a department in
telegraphy In charge of an old R. R. opera- !
tor. D25 Golden Gate ave. ¦
HEALD'S School of Mines&Electriclty. 24 Poet !
st., S. F.; a practical school of engineering: '¦
complete equipment. Special catalogue free. ;
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.; sur- i
vey. assay, cyanide; day, ev.; est. 1864. V_n |
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall, i
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.; !
classes Monday*. Friday*. Louise Foster's i
School of Dancing, 1556 M_r»ci. r.r. Larkln. |
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on '.
advice of official court reporters and be coin- '
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog. '
WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.; |
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth., •
spelling, writing, etc.; day, eve.; $4 mo. eve. '<
DANCING — Professor Findlay has reopened his
Juvenile classes at Flndlay's Hall, 17th St.;
2 to 5; private lessons dally.
i SPANISH — My fourth successful year of teach- .'
i Ing. Prof. Domingo C. Maya of Madrid 427
L Sutter st.
! SPANISH- ENGLISH. English -Spanish; oral &
written translations. D. C. Maya, 427 8utter.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons. Write or
call PROF. GASTALDI. 1Q2H Sixth st. !
G. MANSFIELD, teacher of violin, " guitar i
mandolin, banjo. 426 O'Farrell st. '
KENT Law School, day and night; includes '
literature, history, languages. 530 Parrott bid.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive method
RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California, r. 4^
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per mo •
mandolin club. $1 per mo. 828 Halght st. '
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION- Day"and
PARTINGTON'S, 424 Pine st.— Night cla«s
PIANO lessons, 25c half hour. ¦ . MRS. PUCK
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth!
PIANO lessons thoroughly taught: 25c ner
lesson. Box 3108, Call.
FREE scholarahlo of business college. Box
3100, Call offlce. i
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, rent to any address In thi
united States or Canada one year for SI.
BMPL^f^MEjVT OFFICES. ~~
GEORGE AOKI. 421 PMt^MeLTlush^S^-
Japanese-Chinese employment offlce; fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help; etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese-
Chinese help. 426 Powell »U Tel.. Main 0752.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese- and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168. •¦' •
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main B188.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab: 20 years.
Tel Main 1097. BRADLEY * CO.. «40 Clay.
EMPLOHIKXT AVAMKI^-KKtUtB.
AT 508 Mason St.. MRS. WALSER, tel. Black
1533 — Man and wife, cooks, for Alaska, ref. ;
man and wife, cooks, country or mining
camp; first-class German-American cook, $35;
chambermaids and waitresses, city and sum-
mer resorts; laundress, hotel or Institution.
STRONG, willing American - woman wants
laundry work, flannels a specialty; $1 25 and
car fare; sweeping and ' cleaning also done.
648A Jessie St., ¦ downstairs. .
MOTHER and son wish situations ; mother is
a first-class cook; son. 25 years of- age, '• to
assist or work about place. Call- or address
217 _Un_- uL. r.e-r Third. '...... . » - -. ¦ . . ¦ , • .. .„..•:.-...., -..¦-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLV SUNDAY, APRIL 21, 1901.
46
HELP WANTED — MALE — Co*.
DOUBLE circular sawyer, » $75 to $100 month
and board; sticker hand for small saw' mill,
$3 50 to $4 day; first-class machine man for
saw mill; 2 carpenters, $3 50 day: carriage
painter. $3 day; butter-maker, $35 and found;
milkers, $30 and' $40 and found; ranoh team-
ster, $30 and found; 2 farmers and wives, $40
and $50 and found: milker and driver, $35 and
found ; cooper, $3 day: gardener, $35 and
found; brick setter, $2 60 day; carriagesmith,
$3 day; jobbing blacksmith, $2 50 day and
board; porter in institution, $30 and found;
waiter for club, $45, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. ¦ •
ANDRE'S Office, 317 Stockton st
Stableman, do some driving, factory, coun-
try. $25 fd. ; farmhand, Trinity County, $30
to $35; milker, 25 cows, south, $35; German
choreman, $15; young German to take care
of horses and drive wagon, '$25 fd. : kitchen
hand, summer resort, $30; cook, small board-
ing-house, $35; fry cook |70; laundryman, ln-
stltutlon, $35 and found, etc. .- ; '¦•v-^
P AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
95 THIRD ST.;. Telephone Main 6621. x
New railroad camp in California.
Teamsters. $2; teamsters. $2 26. .
Railroad teamsters, near city, $1 76.
Laborers, near city, : $1 75.
Ranch hands all over California; good Jobs.
Stablemen, harness cleaners, wagon washers,
$2 B0.
Young men on ranches, Cal. ; fine chances.
City work... City work
Laborers $2 25
Sen us Sunday morning.
HORD & SMITH.
WANTED— Boys for wrapping deck. Apply bet.
8 and 9 Monday morning at LIVINGSTON
BROS.'. 123-9 Post ct - '
GOVERNMENT POSITIONS — More than 15,000
appointments last year; examinations soon;
thousands appointed were prepared by the
National Correspondence Institute. Wash-
ington. D. C. Write for circular J — 1. giv-
ing list of positions. . salaries, examinations,
sample questions, etc., to our Pacific Coast
Office. 027 Market st, San Francisco, Cal.
UNCLE SAM wants help; 14.000 appointments
1903; free exam, paper & catalogue giving
positions and sularles.Dept.C.WesternCorresp.
University. 925 Golden Gate ave.. San Fran.
WE pay $80 a month and expenses to men
with rigs to introduce poultry compound;
year's contract Defiance Mfg. Co.. Dept. 77,
Parsons, Kans.
WE pay $32 a week and expenses to men with
rigs to Introduce rwultry compound; years
contract. Imperial Mfg. Co., Dept. 54. Par-
sons, Kans. *
HIGH-GRADE specialty salesmen wanted, not
under 35; reliable, energetic men. whom pros-
perity will not spoil. M.. box 574. Chicago.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money. F. PERSON.
477 and 478 Parrott building.
WE want good men and women everywhere to
act as special representatives: honest, clean
business; small capital required; $3 to $5
dally) to workers: nice evening occupation
among your friends and acquaintances; peo-
ple of good character only need reply; this is
a position giving prestige to any- man or
woman; your friends will appreciate you. j
Address room 55. Donohoe building, 1170
Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
COLLEGE men. do you desire nice, clean,
¦ light, honest and profitable employment in
your" leisure hours and summer vacation
time; a few dollars' capital will start you
and you can easily pay your way through
college. Address room 65, Donohoe building,
1170 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
TRUSTWORTHY person each county to man-
age local business for wholesale house; $20
weekly; expense money advanced: perma-
nent; no experience. Manager, Como block,
Chicago.
iA— L / L
1 Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and aecure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 635 Clay st.
BARBERS, as good a 3-chalr shop as in the
city; corner Hyde and Geary sts.; call be-
fore noon. *
BOY to learn trade over 18 years old: one ac-
customed with/ the use of tools; flrst-clasa
opportunity for right party. Box 1486, Call.
WANTED — Men; good pay; to distribute circu-
lars, adv. matter, tack signs, etc; no can-
vassing: Nat'l. Adv. Bureau, Chicago.
WANTED — Hustlers to tack signs, distribute
circulars, sample*, etc.; no canvassing; good
pay. Sun Adv. Bureau, Chicago.
YOUNG man for office and outside work; a
stenographer preferred. E. J. SHATTUCK
. CO.. 316-318 Sansome street.
WANTED — Gardener. . 412 Clement street.
j DETECTIVES everywhere; good salary; .no
J experience. Int'l. Detec. Agcy.." Milwaukee.
i BARBER chairs; three oak reclining wanted.
» 803 Kearny street. .
$1 EVERY HOUR you work, placing Allen's
Kuehion Komfort Shoes; outsell everything;
NO RISK. Call or write, Kushion Komfort
Agency, 1233 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
A GOOD underpresser en vests; also a young '
man to learn underpresslng. Apply R.
Thomas, foreman. 49 Geary st. S. N. WOOD
Jb CO. ¦ • - '
WANTED— Pants operators. Apply at once,
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 49 Geary st.
WANTED— Pants pressers. Apply tt once. S.
N. WOOD & CO., 49 Geary Bt.
WANTED — Pants finishers. Apply a N. WOOD
* CO.. 27 Geary <t
MEN — The Original John A. Moler of . Denver
will open one of his famous barber colleges
In -Los Angeles about May 1: first 10 stu-
dents, half price; this will be the largest,
most complete and modern barber college in
America; write for terms. JOHN A.
MOLER, bos Angeles, Cal.
WANTED — Young man who is experienced In
silverware, clocks and jewelry; one capable
of repairing clocks and mending broken jew-
elry. Apply between . 9 and 11 a. m., at
HALE BROS." '¦
WANTED — Boy from 14 to 16 years of age to
learn the dry-goods business. Apply between
9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.**
WANTED — Young man to tend bar and help
around first-class saloon. Inquire 627 Mont-
gomery st. •
YOUNG man for office apprentice: wages $20
per month. Apply in own handwriting, giv-
ing age and references, box 1475, Call office.
EXPERIENCED carpet salesman wanted;
' state experience, references, salary expected.
Box 1479, Call office.
SALESMAN for drug sundries wanted: must
be experienced; give references and wages
expected. Address box 1477, Call office.
BOYS wanted — Apply Superintendent's office,
The Emporium. '; . -
SAILORS and young men (green hands), for
ships. HALLBERT. D17 Jackson St.
HAT salesman wanted. Apply box 1476, Call
office. . ¦-
A GOOD, all-around boy with some experience
in grocery business. 1260 Devlaadero Bt.
SHOEMAKER— Steady, capable shoemaker
wanted; permanent position. Box 1484, Call.
FOR sale — Furniture of 1-chalr barber shop:
shop U> let. 919. Capp ¦ at
WANTED — Energetic up-to-date man to take
charge of household department; mist be
thoroughly experienced In all lines of agate,
tin and wooden ware: state age, experience
and salary expected. Box 1398. Call. _
WANTED — 60 teams to work on Fresno and
. wheel scrapers : 3 months' work. Apply to
W J. SCHMIDT. Jones st. and San Pablo
ave.. West Berkeley. ¦ /.
BARBERS — Shop for sale; I established 23
years; 4 chairs; center of Oakland; fine trade;
etc. : cheap. Call or write. 459 Twelfth st,
Oakland. .
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Roikln. Reno House proprietor, has
added ICO new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third et. ; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
COATMAKERS to take work out. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st
YOUNG man to clerk In grocery store. HOFF-
MAN BROS.. 24th and Church sts.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$150 pair: foot -form shoes at $2 50; we' pay
exprers or mail charges. It 3d at.Exam. bid.
LABOR debts collected; suits, attachments. i
Law and Adjustment Co., 328 Montgy., r. 415.
BARBER shop; $250; down town. Address
box 13C9. Call. . - :
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale at: a bar-
gain. 252 Ellis st. - ; :
COATMAKER or bushelman for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24: Sutter st
YOUNG; man to learn barber trade; wages
while learning. -741 A -Howard st
YOUNG men," 1 sailors, J . blacksmiths,^ carpenters,
green bands, for ships.: Herman's, 27 Steuart.
Pension Atty.; E. A. Bullls. r.' 40, ' Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Poet. Q. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700, rooms;, 35c s night; ; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage. to and from* ferry..
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 . Market : at, ° opposite . Fifth.
Open until 11 p.'.m. , : .. .;-, , »*, '
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call.' 10 pages, \ sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one : year for' $1,
¦ postage paid. '-'. ; v -
ALL sizes men's ahoes. slightly damaged,: half
1 price.* - 563 : Mission , nt., bet. -- 1st • and 2d - ats.
GET your ehoes ; half-soled i while waiting; 25c
to 00c. SC3 Mission st, bet 1st : and' 2d sts.
MlgCELAASEOPS WA-IT.. ' ¦'_
REPUTABLE dentist desires a V*M a £L£
dentist* to share elegantly f un» l8h «J *%£.
tlon room- laboratory and connecting °P«/-
atingTo?m; fine locality; rent reasonable.
hours. 10 to 4. 234 Post at. room 8. ,
CALIFORNIA .Housewrecker Co. pays the
_r_^sajs_s i sw43ss
yard N. W. corner Mission and Tenth sts.
WANTED— A good horse and delivery Ti_««»5
horse must drive and ride. Box 1--4. tail.
LEATHER-TOP buggy, complete; also pacing
harness, almost new, cheap. <18 Folsom st.
WANTED— 9fl9 men to unload •2**» ne ™_£ f
steam. BILL. COLE. 2042 San Bruno road.
WANTED— Old United States postage stamp*:
must be cheap. Box 1494. Call offloe.
WANTED— To rer.t horse, buggy, cart oc light
wag^n: business. Box 3171. Call office.
WANTED— To buy a small, cheap tent Box
i_C9, Call office.
SECOND-HAND lumber. W. T. JANE. Ml
Carl st. _______
WANTED— A skiff. 5 foot" beam. 12 f«et. lo«#.
J. D. RIPPE. 38 Sixth st _______
SHOES wanted: misfit & castoff; nlghest Vnt-l
new & 2d-hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
OFFICES A>P STORES TO LET.
A— EDDY. N.W. corner Jones: house, M aanay
rooms with bath. SPECK & CO.. 209 Mont-
gomery st. * ____
A FINE s-ulte and" single and offict furnltur-
for sale cheap. 36 Geary st
FOLSOM, 035 — Nice store, 8 rooms: auitabls
grocery or any nice business; rent $M>.
money to *' oa^ ? ; £__,'
aXC^Serman^murphy.
601-602-603 Examiner Btfllala*.
<5ulck settlements: no dlsappointmenla.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Eatetea. second mortgages, undivided Inter-
est*: assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests In property purchased.
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
tWhen You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
INTEREST 5% AND « PER CENT. ":->»
APPLY DIRECT TO A SAV1NG8 BANK.
Any amount advanced on city, Oakland. tow»
and country real estate.
Second mortgages, estates in probate, undi-
vided Interests in real estate, property la
trust: loans closed promptly.
MANHATTAN SAVINGS BANK.
107-8-9 CROCKER BUILDING.
• POST. AND MARKET ST3.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount oa
1st. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate o* ; - ..
Chattels. In city, town .. -
or country.
Low rate of Interest.
* .: ; ' Give full particulars
et property or chattels.
.Location, etc.
Box 408. Call office. *
A. A. DO YOU NEED MONEY? ? t
Loans on furniture and pianos without re-
moval: lewest rates and easiest plan in city;
don't hesitate to call; Information cheerfully
. given: no publicity: reliable and square deal-
in?. PEOPLE'S TRUST CO..
825 MARKET ST.. ROOM 462. PARROTT Bldg
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur.
lty or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month:
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, sealskins
and valuables; our fireproof vault is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton : phone Bush 434.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prjvacy;no commlssion;lnstallments accepted.
BONELLI. 3C1 Eddy. Conservatory building.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chant", teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments, large business la
46 principal cities. Tolmen. S53 'Parrott bid.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or plsno.
without removal or other security; no com.:
fairest rates: strictly confidential. National
Credit Co., 68 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
St. (upstairs). loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phcna Bush 484. ,' > \,
HIGHLY respectable private place to cbtaln
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at _
per cent Interest Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch. 10 Third.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.. rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low. Interest: gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HnSTHAL'3. 10 Sixth St.
STAU Loan Co. of Wyoming leans money to
salaried employes. R. .'ill. Mutual Sav. F.k.
bid.; Oakland office. 110,'; U Brdwy., suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000. .
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
dorsed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 43-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency, 143 Phelan bldg.
MONEY loaned on salaries, chattel mortgages,
life insurance policies, etc. United Loan and
Trust Co., 21 Stockton st.
ALL loans on diamonds and jewelry 2 per cent
mo.S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, KS Keamy.
3 % ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal:
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy 3t.
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building, 708 Market at.
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
indorser. MORELL. 6C9 Examiner bulMInr.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
MO.NEY WASTED.
WANTED — A loan of $10.COO for a term o£
years at 8 per cent per annum on real estate.
Address box 3614. Call office.
iUI'SICAL INSTHUMK.VrS. .
Pianos. »
1 Draper Uprig/it. three pedals $100
1 Wilson & Co? Upright, three pedals.. 150
1 Lester Upright, three pedals 175
1 Steck Upright, three pedals 20O
1 Hardman Upright three pedals 223
1 R. S. Howard Upright, three pedals.'. SO
1 Spielmann & Co. Upright _75
1 small Byron Mauzy Upright. 3 pedals. .>••>
1 large Byron Mauzy Upright. 2 pedals. ;;7."»
1 small Sohmer & Co. Upright 400
1 large Sohmer & Co. Upright 45r>
1 Hazel ton Baby Grand 475
1 slightly used Chase A Baker Piano
Player 12S
1 Pianola Piano Player Hike new). 15«»
1 Cecilian. the perfect Piano Player. . . . 29O
BYRON MAUZY, 508 Post.
A SPLENDID BARGAIN LIST:
1 Erard ; upright; good order $50
1 Hoid; upright: good order to
1 Belraont; new; walnut case 14O
1 Sterling; walnut case lt-T>
1 Lelns: walnut case; fine order........ 175
1 Mendelssohn; oak case U«»
1 Rudolph; used three months 21.1
1 Chlckerlng: ebony case 2_3
1 Curtaz; mahogany case; used IS mo... _hi>
1 Steck: full size rosewood case ;;t*>
1 Stelnway; fine order ;:-j.">
1 Vose; mahogany case; used 7 mo.... 341)
1 Knabe; used one. year; walnut case; easy
payments: fully guaranteed. BENJ. CUR-
TAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.
RENTING is our specialty: $2 up; apply on
purchase; installments $4* up. • IIEINK
PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary st; Oakland. 1252
Broadway.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
$25; uprights. $100 up; organs. $25. BY ROM
MAUZY. 3CS Post st. '¦
SMALL upright piano for sale, cheap. Call
from 10 to 3, 907 Geary st
IF. you want bargains come now; pianos almost
given away. HORXUNO. 21ft McAllister nt
?163 — STEIN WAY upright: private party;, no
reasonable cash offer refused. . 237 Geary st.
$75: STEIN WAY piano, coat $600. -for aale on
$5 Installments. 1309 Gough st. near Geary.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay*
ments. „ fiCHMIT% & CO.. 16 McAllister st
3-PEDAL Stelnway. up.;Chlckerlng baby grand:
Shonlngfr. Uttle used. Keeffe'a. 285 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos. Cecilian piano
player.. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Peat at
NL'USRS. • -
GRADUATE - nurse desires position to travel
with Invalid. Box 1134. Call office. Oakland.
t-;:-".' ./¦: - : TJAjvcButa. . ;..".- "
A PLUMBER (licensed) wants wort from
property owner by the day or week; has all
necessary shop tools. Box 14.6, Call offlesw
WAWTliP— SAXESMEDT.
SALESMEN — Profit and' promotion; that is
what Rand, McNally & Co. have to offer the
beat three men answering this advertisement.
Our salesmen are making from $18 to $40 per
week. You can do as well, for ours are the
goods that sell. Apply at once, stating your
age and permanent address. RAND, Mc-
NALLY & CO.. Chicago. - '
DRUGGISTS, storekeepers. postmasters..,rail-
road men, write us for particulars about
our money-making proposition: clean, hon-
est, reputable; no scheme; profits daily; sta-
ple as wheat. Address room " 65. Donohoe
building. 1170 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.
TRAVELING salesmen, make your dally ex-
penses .out of your vest : pocket ; one hour's
work evenings will net you nice returns: you
collect as you go and pay yourself: clean,
honest business. Address room 55 Donohoe
building, 1170 Market st, San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Salesmen; large commissions;
weekly settlements; workers make $100 per
week; excellent side line; no samples: ref a.
required.. F. Hammar Paint Co.. St Louis.
-tE-JP WAMT-D— SOIiIO-TO-tS. :
SOLICITOR wanted to sell a good poison oak
and Tate's dandruff cure. Apply after 6
p. m., 300 Hayes st. ,
HORSES A.\D WAGOSS.
FOR sale — A bargain; one high wheel, rubber-
tired buggy, shafts, pole, and double set har-
ness to match; has been used only 4 times;
cost $320; will be sold for one-half; can be
seen at Ed Freund's, SOG Isabella st., Oak-
land, Cal. WILLIAM BARTLETT. Crock-
ett, Cal ' •
>«m
WE guarantee all horses sold by us to be as
represented; If you want to buy. Bell or ex-
change anything in our line, give us a call.
Auction sale every Monday at 11 o'clock at
615 Kills st. S. WATKINS, Auctioneer.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
,11 a. m., 327 Sixth st; every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
ALL kinds of buggies, surreys and wagons, one
pony cart, one pony buggy, one top wagon,
for sale cheap. 1504-8 Folsom st
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round: aear Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Nucleus Stables, 190 Stevenson, S. F.
SECOND-HAND open hacks, wagonettes, S-
seaters and business buggies. CORVILL
MANUFACTURING CO., 48 Eighth St.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
. eesslon begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to !
DR. E. J. CKEELET, 510 Golden Gate ave.
FOR SALE — 1 very handsome 16- hand, sound
mare; to be sold right away. E. F. BURNS,
11-13 Grant ave.
FOR 8ALE — All kinds of wagons and buggies,
new and second-hand: wagons built to order
at ROBERTS', 1615 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS covered camping wagon; cheap.
329 Noe bt., near Sixteenth and Market.
I FOR eale — Good light surrey, also phaeton. A.
ROY HARRISON. 140 Geary st.
FOR sale — Mare 7 years old. work single or
double: gentle.' Box 3564. Call office.
WANTED — A horse for lady to drive. Box
3547. Call office. .
FOR sale — A gentle saddle horse, "8 years old.
Box 1403, Call office.
A FINE saddle horse for eale; $60. Box 3514,
Call office. ;
A MARE for sale: 7 years old, single-footer.
Box 3025, Call office.
FOR sale — Brown horse; 7 years old, gentle and
sound. Box 3521, Call office.
HIGH-CLASS pacer, record 2:20, blk» buggy,
harness,' etc., for aale cheap. 1000 Geary st.
WANTED — Coach horse, any color, about 16.2
hands, 1200 lbs. W. W., 2955 Sacramento st.
FOR sale— Cheap: butcher or grocer wagon;
light surrey. W. W.. 2055 Sacramento Bt.
EXDR sale— Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1_15,
i Call office. ; -
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, har-
ness, work and driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
CAMPING house wagon: theatrical parties; 127
Turk st. Owner at G10 Howard st
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 1G pages, sent to any address In ¦ the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
postage paid.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
PERRY. 204, near Fourth — $7: house or 3
rooms; water free. Apply to G. H. UMBSEN
6 CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
LANGTON st, oft Bryant — 4 rooms, yard and
basement: $11. Apply G. A. LEROUX, 29
New Montgomery st
BRANNAN, 434— Fine house; 7 rooms and
• bath; rent reasonable.
ELLIS, 804 — Large sunny house; 10 rooms and
bath: central.
LIBERTY 122 — Two stories, bath, basement,
'$30; fine part of Mission. .
* HO-SKS TO LK'i — HH.ViSUED.
A COMPLETELY furnished | house, 7 large
sunny rooms and bath; large yard and base-
ment; 104 Pierce St., near Halght; references
required. Inquire 9 to 11 a. m. and 5 to
7 p. m.
PINE. 710. near Powell — $123 per month; ele-
gantly furnished house of 7 rooms and
bpth; all modern conveniences. VON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE CO., 513 California st.
FOR rent in San Rafael — A large, fine house,
furnished; good-sized lot: trees and shrub-
bery and splendid location. Address box
• 1235, Call office.
ELEGANTLY furnished 12-room house; every
convenience; magnificent view; for summer
only. 1265 Greenwich st, bet. Hyde-Larkln.
SUNNY, elegantly furnished house, 10 rooms. 2
baths, laundry, garden and yard. 419 Oak.
FURNISHED house of 6 rooms for sale cheap;
gas, bath. etc. 813 Fol/bm st, upstairs.
7 ROOMS, yard, basement and bath. Apply
1)06 Market St., landlady, before 2 p. m.
$35 — HOUSE 8 rooms, bath. 1720 Baker "et,
near California.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALE.
FURNITURE. 6 rooms: large yard; basement;-
rent $16. Call 1 to 5. 48 Halght st.
BOUSES FURNISHED— SUBURBAN.
SAN ANSELMO— From May 15 to September
15, comfortable and fully furnished house;
electric lights; stable and grounds. Apply
JOHN S. MAC INTOSH. D.D., San Anselmo.
3 _ ApNCH -, s -, 0 _. ____-;
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
LAUNCHES V F OB SALE.
J. MICHAELIS Launch Co.V Unlon-st. wharf;
boating and excursions. Office 5 Stcuart St.;
phone John 2CS6. f
LOST AM) FOUXD.
LOST — A pass book with the Hlbemla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco in ¦ the
name of JOHN J. REGLI (No. 276-759).
The finder will please return to bank. . ,
LOST— Eyeglasses Monday, near California and
Drumm, gold frame; Friday near Fell and
Devisadero, plain nickel; return of either
appreciated.' 1130 Fell st.
LOST---A black water spaniel.' Return to 123_
San Pablo ave.. Oakland; reward.
FOUND — Fox terrier bitch. Call at 2236
Pine at. •
LOST — Alligator pocketbook; sil. bound, sll.
inlt. F. G.; rwd $5. PHIL S. BEEL. 129 Clay.
LOST — Gold class pin with letters Habcaux.
Return to 453 Fourteenth st, city. .
$50 REWARD — Strayed cr stolen. April 8, from
Geary and Market sts.. bay horse with white
foot - branded; .74 under mane; business
buggy, red , gear and dark body. Return to
1850 Green st; lei. Geary 2732; no questions.
LEFT on 4:10 San Jose train, ': sterling sliver
handled umbrella; .monogram - "C B. P."
: Please return Palace Hotel to H. -P. Taylor;
reward - .. ¦ ; .
LOST---Sllk umbrella, white bone handle,"- on 1
o'clock Alameda boat; narrow ; gauge. Tues-
- day.". 5S5 Hayes st. ;. reward.:. ,
LOST — April 19, large skiff (lead: color). Please
: notify " Marln . Boathouse, Saurallto,-; and re-
- eel ve. reward. . ' . ; _
LOST — Oir narrow-gauge boat, 'April 20/ horse-
head fumbrella. ; Return to Majestic , Theater
¦ and receive , reward.', • : ;: .: ' :-- ¦
LOST— Diamond and • sapphire ', pin, between
Cliff House. ", park and -ferry, f, Return to 838
Alice st. i Oakland; 4 reward. , .
LOST — Diamond ring. 7- Return to 214 Freder-
ick st. ; « liberal reward, .y -y ;-; ¦<
I,;--.- -••¦¦¦¦.-• BUNKS AXDMIXIXQ ¦/¦
FOR pale — North' of Montezuma-and Thavilla
mines,' 80 acres of patented' land;._ compart-
ment 'shaft down 40 feet; over 12-foot ledge:
4 feet In pay rock; all tfcat Is needed Is a
' heist; A." R.vE., line ; 100 yards from shart for
power.*-' For. particulars address . C. : EVANS,
El Dorado, Cal. -
I KKI.r W « VTRH — PRM * » r. — fon.
A YOUNG lady to assist a demonstrator; $1
a day. Call at MISS PLUNKETTS. 425
Sutter et. near Powell.
A NTJRSE for an Infant place In city. $25, ref-
erences; a parlormaid and waitress, Ameri-
can family. $30; a good plain cook, . small
family. San Rafael. $30 (lady to be seen here
Monday at 11): a cook for a boarding-house,
f30; a cook and second girl for American
family in San Rafael. $30 and $25 (see lady
here Monday morning). MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter at., near. Powell.
A GERMAN or Swedish working housekeeper
for city: ?25; references necessary. MIS3
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st, near Powell.
A YOUNG English butler with beet references
wants a place in city or country. Ring up
MISS PLUNKETTS (Main 6472). 425 Sut-
ter St.. near Powell.
AT 50S Mason st, MRS. WALSER. Tel.
Black 1533— Cook. 8 In fan_, $30; cook and
housework. 2 In fam.. $20: girl, general
housework. - In fam.. $25; cook. 8 In fam..$30.
WANTED — First-clasB help and Improvers for
dressmaking; coma ready for work. <56«
Geary atreet. __
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear. 658
Mission st, third floor. v",
A— OPERATORS on la-lea* walata. 656 Mla-
elon at., third floor. *'"'-'''-•.
A — IRONERS wanted. CSS Mission st. third
floor.
GIRL or woman for general housework; $25.
2020 Pine st. near Buchanan.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladlea' under-
wear at 1175 Folaom st. H. KLAS.
SEVERAL gtrla as stock clerks; salary $4-per
we*k; address In own handwriting. Box 13-3,
Call office : \ j
WANTED— Girl to can* for . Infant 1256
Eddy atreet
YOUNG lady desires a pleasant reflned lady
room-mat*. Box 3228, Call.
MILLINEKY apprentices wanted. 138 Geary
street. _^___
WOMAN to -rash clothes. 1816 Fifteenth
ave. south. .
WANTED — Dry gooda salea women. Apply be-
tween 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE? BROS.'
INEXPERIENCED girl for night work la
candy Btore. 237 Powell; Sunday forenoon.
A COMPETENT girl for general ' housework.
Call Monday. 107 Lyon at
GIRLS and tronera. National Lam _ Iry. 411
Sancner st.
PANTS operators; steady --ork: good pay. 243
Seventh et.
A BUTTON-HOLE maker on custom coats. 40
Ellta et.. room 47.
RESPECTABLE; apprentice on coals; paid
while learning. 40 Kills st.. room 02.
COLORED nume. Addresa Cashier License
office. «
FTRST-CLAES trimmer and maker wanted. 73
Geary.
PANTS finisher. Call Monday. Royal Pant*
Co., 223 Keamy at
YOUNG girl. 14 to 16 years, to assist la
housework. 410 Jones st
WANTED— A woman to do general work
about a hotel. Apply 1502 Kentucky st
MIDDLE-AGED Protestant woman as working
housekeeper for man and child. 622 Natoma.
LADY for offlc* work. Box 64, 1008 Market et.
GIRL for light housekeeping. Apply between
11 a, in. and 1 p. m., 1120 Leavenworth at.
FINISHERS on coats wanted. 2T Geary st
5. N. WOOD & CO.
WANTED — Pants finishers. Apply at ones al
6. N. WOOD fc CO.'S, 49 Geary at.
WANTED — Pants operators. Apply at once,
S. N. WOOD & CO., 49 Geary st
SALESDADY wanted for Juvenile department;
children's dresses, suits, etc. Address, stat-
ing experience, references, salary wanted,
box 1478. Call office.
EXPERIENCED saleslady for children's suits,
coats, etc. Apply Superintendent's office.
The Emporium.
GIRL for general housework: 2 In family;
wagea $20. Address box 1360, Call office.
GIRL for general houeework; 2 tn family;
wages $20. Address box 7261, Call office. |
WANTED — Experienced dry goods sales wo- j
men. Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.'
WANTED — A young woman who Is an experi-
enced dry goods wrapper. Apply between 9 i
and 11 a. ra. at HALE BROS.' j
CAPABLE. Intelligent lady of pleasing appear- !
ar.ee to do special demonstrating; the abili-
ty to talk before re nail audiences desirable;
$25 to $50 per week for right party. Write
fully, stating experience, box 1375. Call. I
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser; will employ any
hairdresser who has worked In my store be-
fore. M. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
YCUNG girls who have experience in wrapping
dry goods and underwear: steady positions;
$25 month. I. MaGNIN _: CO.. 43-53 Ellis.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptlona received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call^or the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
HELP WASTED MALE.
AT THE CAL. EMP. AGENCY.
14 Third et.. near Call bldg.: phone Bush 405.
THE STATE OF NEVADA.
CHEAP FARE— REFUNDED.
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
25 teamsters. $67 60 a month.
15 laborers, $60 a month.
10 drillers, rockmen. hammersmen, $78.
bawmTlls.
Edgerman, $75 a month and found.
4 mill bands. $30 to $50 and board.
4 yardmen. $30 and $35 and board.
4 lumber pliers, $30 and $35 and board.
2 ranch hands. $30 a month and board.
.'{ ranch bands, Sonoma County, $26 and
board.
10 quarrymen. $2 25 a day.
B laborers, city. 9 hours. $2 25 a day.
1 plasterer, city of Oakland, $4 DO a day.
1 hod carrier, city of Oakland, $3 day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
52(3 — Montgomery st — 520
Phone Main 1191. Upstairs.
FREE FARE If You Stay 4 Months.
NEVADA; 8 hours; 2 years' Job. FEE $1.
20 teamsters, $2 25; 10 laborers, rockmen.
MINES — 3 machine miners. 8 hours, $90; 5
hand miners. $75; 3 muckers, $75; 5 muckern, |
south, $60; 5 woodchoppers, mine, $37 50 fd. I
15 farmers and teamsters, $26 to $35 found; 2
mllken. $30 found; farmer and milk, $30 and '
found; sheep. 6hearer, 7c head; bllndmaker,
north, tip top wages; 2 young' men, sash
and door factory; planerman, sticker hand; i
machinist and electrician, mine, south; 3 J
coopers. 5 boys, box factory, north. 15c hour;
4 vrood'ehoppers, everything furnished, $1 25
cord; 2 cooks, country hotels. $40 and $50
and found; waiter, city hotel. $30 and found;
cook and chores, ranch, $25 and found; lever-
man, steam shovel on barge. $60 and found.
AT MISS PLt'NKEJTS Employment Bureau,
425 Sutter Bt.. near Powell, office hours from
8:30 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. — A man and- wife
for private family In city (no children);
woman as cook; man for general work
around: references; wages $50.
I
CUSTOM-HOUSE examinations for appoint-
ment as Day Inspector. Night Inspector,
Clerk. Me«encer. Assistant Weigher. Sam-
pler and Watchman, will be held In Ban
Ffancisco In July; applications must be filed
soon. Circular 157, giving particulars as to
positions, salaries, sample questions, etc,
sent free by National Correspondence Insti-
tute. Pacific Coast Office, 927 Market et. S.F.
YOUNG man of sood habits who writes a
good business hand, understands stenog-
raphy and has some knowledge of office
work; $40 per month to commence. Address,
with particulars, box 3140. Call office. ¦
A YOUNG man, 17 to 20 years of age, as office
¦ assiKtar.t in wholesale house; rapid, legible
handwriting and accuracy at figures re-
quired: state age and salary expected. Box
, 3106. Call office.
. WANTED — Men and women to prepare for
civil service examinations; thousands of ap-
pointments to be made thin year. Pacific Cor-
i respondence Institute, r. 38, Phelan bid., S.F.
WANTED — Competent dentist to take charge
of an establlsed practice, with privilege of
buying; furnish own operating Instruments,
i Address box 1135. Call office. Oakland.
. A YOUNG man about 21 years of age for of-
fice work in sales segregation department
Apply by letter and state salary expected.
Box 3197. Call office.
WANTED — 1000 mep to have their corns, warts
and bunions removed without pain for 25c.
East India Chemical Co., 230 Kearny st
i -
WANTED — A first-class, wrapper: no others
need amly. Call at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S,
' 740 Market Bt. ;
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop for sale or trade for
country Bhop: rent $7: laundry office clears
expenses; price $160. 143 Third st_ rear. .
WANTED-— -Young experienced man to drive
i butcher wagon; give good references. Val-
i Utio Market, 2203 Folk st I
FLATS TO LET—CoB tinned. I
GREEN, 2065 — Sunny English basement flat;
bay "."lew; 7 rooms, bath; lawn rear.
HAIGHT. 459B, near Killmor* — Flat 4 sunny
rooms, 'yard and basement $15.
HARRISON, SSI, near Sixth — Flat, 6 rooms
and bath; rent $25j
LARGEST list of houses and f.ata to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. Il» Montgomery st
M A SONIC ave., 1323, near park — Elegant,
fanny, up-to-cate lewer fiat.
MISSION 2732. near Twenty-third — A new
7-room and bath lower flat, just completed.
MODERN fiat, tr.4 b.. yard, basement: fash-
ionable; water free; rent $27 60. 3309 Clay.
MODERN fiat. « rooms, yard. 1521H Broad-
way. n<»«r Van Ness; key on premises.
OAK, 352. near Lain:na — Lower flat, & rooms,
bet'h and basement _____________
T\AGE. 28 — Flat of S furnished rooms and
large kitchen; gaa and coal range. '•
1'inRCE 2935 near Union and FlUmore-at
cars— Elegartf e-room lower flat.
6«T»TT. 1119—8 rooms and bath; upper flat;
$27 50. ;
6UNNT upper new ©-room aad billiard hall;
crand Kiev. P30 Pierce at.
FTrNNY upper; 7 rooma and bath. 1442 De-
vtsadero st. near Oeary.
UPPER fiat; 4 rooms: rent $12; 7H Grand ava.
Apply 14 Washington ave.. off Mission st.
UPPER flat 1333 Ellla st.. between Laguna
and Buchanan; 6 rooma. bath; rent $27 60.
UPPER flat of 4 rooms and bath to let. ES6%
TVhama et
$1f»: FIM3, *unnr. modern flat; 5 rooms, bath,
etc. 834 Cumberland at., bet, lflth and 20th.
• KI.ATS TO L_T— iTCKM-UED.
CT.AY. 8300. rear Central av». — Sunny Pn»-
ridlo Helphta Tat of 8 rooms and bath: rent
S27. 60. VON RHEIN Real Estate Co.. 613
California «t. •
GEEEN 2283 — Low»r aunry fiat of 5 rooms
rnd bath; rejit $22 r>0. VON RCEIN Real
Estate Co.. 613 California at ;
LOMBARD. 1010 — Flat. S large rooms, partly
furnished, commanding a grana view of city
and bay: rent reasonable to a responsible
party; no children; flowers 4: \-egetable grdn.
ARMY S528. near Vslencla — Sunny furnished
upper flat 6 rooma. bath; 2 gas ranees; porch.
MALLISTEK. 88. nr. City Hall— T rooma. yard;
can be arranged to flats. 3 and 4 rooms each,
POLK. 1402— Nice sunny flat; bath, gas; suit-
able 4 persons; reaaonable; no children.
. SOUTH PARK. 7»— Furnished upper fiat cf
b rooms; rent reasonable. Apply 1:30 to &.
FirRNISlTED Cat to let 1909 Oeary at., fac-
ing scuare.
4 HEALTHY rooms In basemeat with gas
and electricity; rer.t $13. 45 Noa st
FLATS FOR SALE RRM5UED.
ATTRACTIVE, sunny upper flat; t rooms and
hath; newly furnished; fine carpets, elegant
furniture; rent reasonable; a bargain. 1722
HdCyst
IX5VELT new 6-r tn. flat; eun every rm. ; fur-
niture altncst n*w; cheap rent; price $250.
Call 10:30 to S:SO only. 242 Noe, nr. Market
P08 e_le — Flat. 5 rms., hath; neatly furnished.
* ft Dale place, off Golden Gate are., nr.
Lraver. worth; co dealers; rent $20; call 10-4.
KL'RNITURE of 5 housekeeping rocma for
sal". 331 Hayes «.. near Oough.
FURNJSHED flat for sale at a sacrif.ee; rent
f-40; 7 rooms. 1124 Flllmore et
VALENCIA, 484— Nicely furnished flat cf 8
'room* for sale, $200.
FLATS WAVTED.
rrRNIFHED flat within walking distance by
reliable party; reasonable. Box 145S. Call.
FfRXITCItK FOR SALE.
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stoves and
bousehold goods; flats bought. Mission Auc
House. 42&-43U Valencia: teL Church SS7D.
GAS range heater, used one month. Cull Mon-
day afternoon or Tuesday 1C14 McAlliEter Et
NKW furniture of 8-room house; house to rent;
modern. 2151 Grove st., Oakland.
&n GOOD carpets for eaJe; also furniture.
Monday. 1X<O Powell Ft., room S.
KIRMTIRE WAJVTED.
ABE LEVY. ~
Sale-room. 1135 Market st TeL Jessie 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, olfice fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
CHAS. LEVY & CO. pEy highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission ; tel. Bush 467.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 3631. 634 Ellis.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Misrloa. phone Rfd 4; 62.
buys, rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpets.
B. T. 6CHELL, 2412 Mission. teL Church 5570t
pays best prices ior furniture, carpets, etc
HIGHEST pricea for furniture and mdse. L U.
. BURP. euction'er.lMS Mkt. :tel.Howard 2756.
UELP WAJVTKD KKJ1Al£
\VOMAN to work around bathhouse, $35.
Cook, delicatessen, eleep home. $35.
4 rooks, city, with and without washing,
?r,0-$35.
«'ock. 4 family, Ross Valley. $30.
.Vuree, 2 children, Ross Valley, $30.
Nurse, 3 children, San Rafael. $25.
laundress, private family, country, $30.
4 p^cond cirle. city, $25.
]>iehwa£her. hospital, sleep home, $25.
Jl waltt-PEses, commercial hotel, south, fare
paid. $30.
Nurse tor old ladles' home, 520.
French or German seamstress for private
family. $30.
ilaid and seamstress. Bleep home. $30.
4 .chambermaids and waiting, $20.
chambermaid and waitrcs*. springs, $23.
«'ook. boarding-house, country. $40.
• X\> want a large number of house servants
for all kinds of wcrk at the best of wages
r«r !«>_» city and country- Call and see ua
Monday. « ¦
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. S34 Sutter Bt.
BRIGHT, brainy, clean women, write us for
paying employment; if you are employed
. take your evenings for this work; honest
«'!«-an. reputable business and you are your
own mapter. Address room 55. Donohoe
building. 1170 Market «t. San Francisco. CaL
A— WANTED — Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
in 2 weeks: $5 to those entering now; 3 po-
* sitlons to fiJI immediately; positions guaran-
:•¦•><! at $10 per week up; leading school In
West. 233 Geary et, room 13.
A — Glils to learn millinery now for spring sea-
con; both seasons taught from start to finish
Iti 1 month for 515; positions as trimmers,
vatecladtes. etc., guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day ml evening class. 143 Stockton St., r. 13.
A — YOUNG girls to learn knitting trade; paid
while learning; good opportunities; also
young girls to wind yarn; no experience re-
quired. GANTNER & MATTERN CO.. C07
Grove st.
A — LADIES to l«»arn all branches halrdresslng
trade, manicuring, massage, etc. 1238 Mar-
Ket Ft., cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages; day and eve. class; call.
WANTED — A middle-aged woman. German
preferred, for housework; cooking plain,
washing light; a pleasant permanent home
to right party; wages $15; country. Address
MRS. FRANK B. MARK. Doa Palos, Merced
County, Cal.
L«ADT agents — Absolutely best proposition ever
offered: pays better than any line you can
take: do you wish to establish yourself pay-
ing business?. Address lock box 317, Le Itoy,
Illinois.
$1 EVERY hour you work placing Allen's
Kushlon Komfort Shoes; outsell everything;
no risk. Call or write Kushion Komfort
Agency. 1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — Young woman willing to do light
housework morning and evening in email
family for room, board, washing and use of
piano. 1206 Market #t. euite 40.
LADIES to do piecework home; we furnish
materials and pay $7 to $12 weekly. Send
stamped envelope to Royal Co., 3*— E — Mon-
. roe st, Chicago.
FIRST-CLASS saleslady on cloaka and suits
-anted: must have experience; good salary
and commission; etcady employment. Box
. S74&, Call office.
WANTED— Young lady as housekeeper In
timall private family: musician, and member
of Prot-wlant church preferred. Box —13.
Call office. ¦
WANTED— Experienced saleswomen for fancy
goods. Apply between S and 9 Monday morn-
ing at LIVINGSTON BROS.'. 123-9 Post st
WANTED— 1000 ladiee to have their corns,
warte bunion*, etc.. removed without pain
for 25c. East India Chemical Co., 230 Keamy.
KXPERIENCED saleslady for knit underwear
and hosiery; «tate experience, references and
salary expected. Box 3178. Call office.
GIRL for light housework and assist with 2
children: wajra $20.,, Call between 12 and 4,
Funrtay and Monday. 1<3ti. Waller gt
WANTED— Girl for light housework. 815
HcAUiiter st
in »- \» « i "-••,"** *'¦ — ' •»*•?*'»•»••••
OPEN TO-DAY.
SUNDAY, 8 to 12 a. m,
A— MURRAY U READY. 634-838 Clay St.
PHONE MAIN 6848.
WE SPEAK.
GERMAN GREEK, ITALIAN,
SPANISH. SWISS. FRENCH.
TOUR FARE FREE. LOOK— FREE FARE
TO 8TATEU0F NEVADA
If you stay /our months. THAVS ALT..
U. S. GOVERNMENT WORK.
Z6B two-horse teamsters, $60.
106 laborers, you'll suit $60.
85 drillers, rockmen, hammersmen; $76.
12 machine drillers, $90. !
Eight hours' work dally; hundreds going;
ARE TOUT
•1— FEE— THAT'S ALLr-$l.
ARIZONA. ~ ARIZONA.
Center of great mines, land of sunshine.
,. . BIG WAGES.
M.« ' wo miles. $9 10.
2565 teamsters, laborers, drillers, etc, $2 to
*3 50 day.-
_„ _, CLOSE TO PRESOOTT.
IN CALIFORNIA—
25 laborers, big mine co., $75. $67 50.
12 machine miners, gold quartz, $90.
18 muckers, gold quarts, $67 60.
TO FARMS. DAIRIES. ETC.
126 farm, orchard and vineyard hands, all
over California; $25, $26, $30. (35 fd.
35 good teamsters, $26, $30 fd.
56 milkers, located everywhere. $30, $35 fd.
18 choreboya. men, etc. $15, $20, $25. $30
found.
CHOREMEN. GARDENERS, STABLEMEN.
18 stablemen, city, country. $35 & fd. to $75.
12 coachmen, choremen and roustabouts, $25
and $30 and found.
: _ r . MECHANICAL.
6 coopers; machine blacksmith's helper, $75.
3 tallymen, lumber company. $3 day.
Planer and sticker hands, $3 day up. ¦
12 blacksmiths, different jobs.
• 2 brick loaders, exceptionally good Job.
Gang edgerman, fare $1 25, $55 to $70 found.
WOODCHOPPERS.
" 255 mtn to cut wood all over California.
HOTEL DEPT..
18 cooks for hotels, saloons, mines, cafes,
ranches and summer resorts, $30, $40. $50
and $G0 and found.
18 waiters, different jobs. $25, $30. $35 fd.
12 dishwashers, $20, $25 and $30 and found
8 hotel porters. $20, $25 found.
BAKERS.
Cook, baker, small shop, country, $56 found.
LAUNDRYMEN.
12 laundrymen. different- classes of work.
Amalgamator, $90; mill man, $90; 4 machine
miners, $90; concentrator, $90; carriage
painter; sticker hand, $4 day.
18 laborers, lumber yards. $60.
BOYS.
12 boys, box factories, $50.
Double-cut band sawyer, L. Co., $5 day.
16 sheep herders, good jobs. $25. $30, $35 fd.
Foreman carpenter, fare $1, $4 day.
Bench hands. Planer hand.
Molder and aticker hand. Door roolder.
6 coopers, 9c barrel.
SAME MINE.
5 machine miners, fare $3 60, $90.
Hand miner, fare $3 60, $82 60.
LOOK.
Milker and wife, Colusa County, $55 found.
Choreman, milk 1 cow, orange grove, $30 fd.
Gang edgerman, fare $1 25, $55 to $70 fd.
SPECIAL.
6 clumbers, 8 hours, country. $•* day.
8 plasterers. 8 hours, country. $5 day.
25 carpenters, 8 hours, country, $3 50 day.
7 paperhangers, 8 hours, country, $4 day.
10 painters, 8 hours, country, $3 50 day.
3 cement finishers. 8 hours. $4 day.
4 cortmtn, 8 hours, country, $3 50 day.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
Lather and plasterer. 25c yard. '
Stableman, city. $75.
Man put up shingles and laths.
Blacksmith, shop, fare 90c, $3 day.
8 teamsters, fare 75c, $2 day.
Blacksmith helper, understands steam ham-
ELECTRIC LINE WORK.
16 laborers, fare $1. $26 found.
16 teamsters, fare $1. $26 found.
8 helpers, city mill, $9 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay at.
The End In Bight.
THE PRESENT IMITATION OF UNIONISM
MUST- PASS AWAY.
Within a short time this city will be plunged
into the greatest labor trouble in the history
or this or any other city.
WTiat will be the outcome?
Grant said, "War is h— I." If he were,
alive to-day he would consider the unionism
of San Francisco worse than war.
The" majority of leaders of labor unions are
so unscrupulous In all their dealings as to be !
| easily recognized as full-fledged anarchists In !
. everything but name. Their sole aim and de- j
elre eeems to be to pull down and destroy |
rather than build up and foster. They care
nothing for either the safety or convenience
of the public or the welfare of those dependent
' upon the ones under their control.
) What do etrikes bring men to? They tear
i the honest hard working man away from his
' loving wife and family to do the bidding of
these unscrupulous aeltators, aven to defying
the laws, both of God and man: waylay the
honest non-union man. taking him by forCe
I when honestly employed In his occupation, lay-
1 ing his bared arm upon the sidewalk and
Jumping upon It until it was broken and trod-
den to a pulp, using threats and other violence
and In some cases even murder; starves the
innocent wife and children: destroys man's
business and forces him into bankruptcy, prac-
tically kills all commercial business and ad-
vertises world wide the anarchistic tendencies
for which they are noted.
The rreat majority of labor has time and
again proclaimed: "Give them rope enough and
they will hang themselves."
"We will wait and see them do It" has been
the motto of the non-union man, for, after all,
the non-union men are the conservative m»n
of this country, who have always gained the
sympathy of the public, and public opinion
can never be dethroned. •
Whatever may be the catastrophe to either
"capital and labor" In the forthcoming strikes
and consequent lockouts, we openyy declare
ourselves before God and man that we 'will
never discriminate.
To the employer so unfortunate as to have
these agitators and walking delegates force
a strike upon them our office will be ever
open, day and night, to supply you with help
you need.
To those more unfortunate because, when
held in the grasp of these unscrupulous agi-
tators, they were compelled to do their bid-
ding by striking on their employers, we ex-
tend an earnest desire to make men of them
and by so doing we will place you' side by
s'de with non-union men.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY A; READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
- PHONE MAIN 5848.
6848 PHONE.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
TO EVERY EMPLOYER OF
WHITE MALE HELP — We can supply you
I • .with white male help of all kinds
Free of Charge.
No syndicate too larce, no firm too small
for us to supply: no objection to distance; we
6hlp good help; phone, telegraph, write or call
tn person and procure your help from
; MURRAY & READY.
; We cave employment
In 1897 to upward of 17,000 men.
In 1898 to upward of 19,000 men.
In 1899 to upward of 21,000 men.
. In 19<»0 to upward of 30,000 men.
In 1901 to upward of 37,000 men.
In 1902 to unward of 45.000 men.
IN 1903 TO UPWARD OF 60,000 MEN.
Office open 7 a. m. dally.
Sunday, 8 a. m. to 12 m.
Help wanting work — hundreds of places
awaiting your selection. Come read our bul-
letin" boards. ..- -. ,
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
"WANTED — Bright boy for office; 12 to -14
years: s,how for advancement. Apply to LIV-
INGSTON BROS.. 123-9 Post st.
SMALL errand boy for hlgh-clasa printing of-
. flee. KNOWLES, 24 Second st. . '¦ '
ERRAND boy. well recommended. Rogerson's
shirt store. 535 Valencia st.
WANTED— Jewelers at R. BUJANNOFF'S, 17
Lick place.
DISHWASHER wanted. Apply at Troy Hotel,
50« Twentieth St.. Potrero. -
WANTED — Salesman to take side line sun-
dries in city and vicinity. Box 3172, Call.
WANTED— Dishwasher in restaurant' 113
Turk st - .- - ¦
TAILOR on first-class custom coats. 514. Turk
¦ st: call to-day.
CARPENTERS to take-down and rebuild
house; pay when finished/Box 3165, Call.
WANTED — 10 coatmakers: lots of- work.
Scotch -Plaid •Tailors. 1000 Market st--. .
SOLE cutter, edge and heel trimmer: '19th and
Bryant Wentworth Shoe- and Leather Co.
BARBERS — One of the best shops downtown
for sale. « DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis.
SIX boy collectors for calling cards. Apply
J. J. KIRBY. 1510 Page st „ f
WANTED— 2 or 3 men to canvas from wagon
In city. C. F. ADAMS CO.,;318 Mason st
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker.to work Inside. 1103
Market Bt. ' ' - . . ;
FIRST-CLASS tinner. PACIFIC STAMPING
CO., 210 Davis street - : - .¦¦".¦¦¦.:-' •
SOLICITOR for business college ; commission.'
£ox 1123. Call offlcs.
. MATRI^OXIAJL. ¦
MIDDLE-AGED, sober business ' man. with
means and agreeable disposition, wishes to
meet lady of business experience and pleasing
address; object matrimony. Box 4tb8. Call.
WIDOWER, 35 years old. with 2 children,
wants to meet good woman about 30 years
old; must be reflned and good appearance; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 4181. Call office.
"A YOUNG man. 30 years old. well educated,
holding a good position; has an independent
income, would like to meet young lady; object
matrimony. Box 3021, Call office.
A GENTLEMAN of good family, well connect- !
ed, 40 years oid. in wholesale business In city, j
would like to meet lady of means; object
matrimony. Box 3ti28. Call office. [
:MIDDLE-AGED gentleman, with steaily em- s
ployment. wishes to correspond with eome
lady; object, • matrimony; Protestant pre-
f erred. ..Box 31 66, Call office. . __;
AN accomplished, reflned young lady, flno ap-
nearance wishes to make acquaintance or a
stylish young man; object matrimony. Box
3012. Call office. ¦ -
WIDOW. 30. of means and ability, desires to
meet gentleman with money; object matri-
mony. Box 3579, Call office. '
GENTLEMAN of 27 wishes to make the ac-
quaintance of reflned lady: object matrimony.
Address box 4154, Call office. ______
YOUNG man, 25, desires acquaintance of a
young lady; object matrimony. Box 3535. Call.
UEDICAL-
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
from irregularities consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE KREE.
Cures guaranteed or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or wrlta
without delay: correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
A— LADIES, If you are suffering from irregu-
larities or any ailment you will avoid dls-
'appolntments by consulting me first My
method of treatment Is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee Immediate relief from
any case or make ro charges. Advice free.
Call or writs DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny.
ALWAYS be advised and treated*by a grad-
uate physician; positively the only one here
capable and willing to restore you to happi-
ness; relief for Irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladies; if In trouble consult him
without cost or fee; call or write; confiden-
tial. DR. R. II. WESTON. 305 Kearny at.
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 60 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets; price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale druggists. Seventh and
-Broadway. Oakland. r .
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the moet difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and /Irregularities; Instant relief
. guaranteed ; 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
ina!o troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1008% Market St.. opp. 5th.
MRS. D. ALLEN/1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; beat medical care; low fees.
Drs. Goodwin, 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 0; 25 yrs. exper.
MRS. DR. GWYER. having secured lease of
premises, is .permanently located at 511 A
Leavenworth st, bet Geary and O'Farrell.
LADIES — Our monthly regulator never fails;
box free. VITA CO., Station A. Detroit Mich.
DR. ROSEN resides 2905 Folsom st, corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 319 Powell st. opposite
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR S ALB.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machlnery.'McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 105-1U7 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
I Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
i needs no painting or coating; good over old
f iron tin or shingles; best for new roofs.
j ELATEKITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market at.
I ID-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
• pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought sold.
i rented and exchanged; 6ee Sunday papers,
j H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at
! PAINT your old and new metal and shingle
! roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint: guaranteed
i to stop all leaks in Uie one and preserve the
! new. 205 Front St.; tel. Main 1428.
j A— FINE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 23S Kearny St..
near Bush; open to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear at.
ALTERATION sale — Best $2 50 hats. $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330 Kearny st, near
Pine; open to 9p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
$7 — DOMESTIC sewing machine In good condi-
tion: attachments. 1571 Market «t. near
Twelfth.
WAITERS wanted for our jackets. The Re-
liable, 1C8 Eddy st.
.$5 SINGER sewing machine for sale; in nice
condi'lon. (JOS Ellis st. \J
Al 16x36 SLIDE valve eng. developer about 175;
good as new: cheap. Sweeney, 85 Fremont-
IMPORTED white Japanese bantams. $1 50
each. 2029 San Antonio ave.. Alameda.
FEW choice Angora kittens: pedigreed prize
j winning stock. A. J. OLIVER. 109 Lyon st.
FOR sale — OH barrels, drums and tanks. GEO.
PARTRIDGE & CO.. 123 California st.
FOR sale — Tent. 355 Minna st.
FOR sale — Pure malteae kittens (male). J2234
Pest st.
LARGEST runts; best hen pigeons and other
pigeons. Glenmore Pigeon Loft, Elmhurst.
TWO young Jersey cows, one fresh xowner go-
ing East; must be sold. 4S0O Mission st.
ALL porcelain refrigerator, ice capacity 200
• lbs. 801 Turk st.
CANARY birds, young singers. $1 50 each.
130 Second ave.. near Sacramento st.
WINDMILL for sale. Apply Owens' grocery,
j corner^Ialght st. and Masonic ave.
| ELASTIC stockings; $2. Factory, 40 Ellis st.
40-KEY National reclster, $100. Crockery
store, corner Fourth and Mission sts. •
6-H. P. GASOLINE engine for sale. BAY
CITY IRON WORKS, Oakland, Cal.
! LAUNCH, hunting cabin, 6-h. p. engine. Room
10, 631 California st.
RECLINING go-cart. Call Sunday morning
j and Monday, 274 Ninth st. . ¦ •
FEW choice canary singers cheap. 608 Octa-
vla st.
FOR sale — Two large house palms. 400 Scott
street. .:¦'¦¦¦¦¦>'.
GAS range for sale cheap. At 530 Jessie
street ¦
REFRIGERATORS and cooling rooms built
economically and effectively. 1511 10th , ave.
IMPROVED Wood printing presses, gasoline
engines. BJyer Machine Works, 46 Spear st
ROUND camping tents for sale; cheap; some
new; 16x16. 310 Third st; tel. Main 413..
FANCY pigeons; new imported varieties; send
for list C. WILSON. 22» Stevenson Bt
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters: ail
make?. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Moutg'y.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING CO..35 Mrkt. Tel. Bush }<5S
'. BOOKS bought; libraries purchased. King's
i Old BooUctore. 61 McAllister st
1 STEEL lined safe. .1800 pounds. $125. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market st r -'-•;,
BARGAINS In fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. "GARIN, 80.1 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought, sold, exchange*!,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
.hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st
¦ EOME good second-hand gasoline engines. 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck A Co.. 122 Mkt
SLOT: machines cheap: Chicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries, Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 Market
SAFES— New .and second-hand. THE HER-
M ANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
I MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Poit if ,
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
fc' CO.. 122 Market st. :
I GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all;sUes. J..E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st-
' ' -- PAKTXEHS WASTED.; ! ' "
': PARTNER.;. lady; or gentleman, with or with-
¦ :..-; out '^servlcctd extend an . established picture
: and fra-mne: business; apply to-day on the
xrtmlsei , JONES, 1014 Park st, Alameda.Finds . Bank Door Open.
While making: his rounds last night
Policeman Charles Groat found the
door, of the new quarters for the Me
chanics' Bank at Montgomery; .and
Bush street^" standing open. He re
ported the matter at once, but it is
not 'known whether it was the. work of
burglar.' or ; an accident. . The bank
proper has not moved into the build
ing yet, but a large amount of val
uable fixtures is stored. there. A thor
ough investigation will be made to
day.
Millionaire Schwab - Here;
Charles M. Schwab. • the steel mag
nate of -.Pittsburg, who,; with \ a party
of ' friends, ; has been \ inspecting mines
in which • he ,Js interested \ at Tbnopah;
arrived .- in this city last evening and
is ¦; registered at the .St. Francis. In
his -party are. Joseph Schwab, his
brother, - ¦ and . Dr. " M. . . B. 'Ward, his
brother-in-law." , Mrs._ Schwab * and a
party. of lady friends arrived, here sev
eral \ days ago. It is : the - intention ; of
the" oartv to' remain here' for'a.: wpair.
Fifth race, one mile — April Shower
won, Keynote second, Ethics third.
Time, 1:40.
Sixth race, four and a half furlongs
— Right Royal- won, AmberJack sec
ond, Voloday third. Time, :55%.
NEW YORK, April 23.— Aqueduct
results:
First race, six furlongs — Counter
poise won, Typhonic second, Foxy
Kane third. Time. 1:14 3-5.
race, handicap, five furlongs
— -Collector Jessup won, Astarlta. sec
ond. Sweet Alice third. Time, l;00 3-5.
Third race. Wood Haven r stakes,
four and one-half furlongs — Niblick
won. Waterside second, Matador third.
Time," :55. ' . . '¦¦'.'•.'•
Fourth race, the Queens County
handicap, one ¦ mile — Rosetint won,
Colonsay second, Ostrich third. Time,
1:39 1-5. Q@$
Rosetlnt's Fast Mile.
Second race, four furlongs — Green
Gown won, Lady Carlin second, Omel
ca third. Time. :51.
Third. race. Dunkin Hotel handicap,
one and* a sixteenth miles — Monsieur
Bgaucaire won, The Regent second.
Coruscate . third. Time, 1:47%.
Fourth race. Belle Meade stakes,
four and one-half furlongs — Lady Sa
voy won, Limerick Girl second, Lady
Ellison third. Time. :55%.
Fifth race, selling:, one and one
eSghth miles^ — Lou* Woods won. Mis
sile second. Discus third. Time, 1:56%.
Sixth race, six and one-half furlongs
— Allista won. Emperor 'of India sec
ond. Miss Crawford third. Time,
1:21%. ¦
First race, selling, five and one-half
furlongs — J. Sidney Walker won, Ko
mombo second. Radium third. Time,
1:08.
Belle Meade Stakes for Lady Savoy.
NASHVILLE. Tenn., April 23. —
Cumberland Park results:
Dr. Manning appointed the following
committee on permanent organization:
William Peters, M/ D.; E. H. Mercer,
M. D.; C. W. Cory, M. D.; J. E. Hoff
man, M. D.; Mary M. Kroetz, M. D.,
and C. E. Hogg, M. D.
Deputy Health Officer Louis Levy
was directed to send notifications . to
the school physicians, and to furnish
them with cards, etc . It was decided
to hold another meeting next Saturday
evening.
William C Hassler, M. D., chief in
specting, physician, delivered an In
structive talk on sanitary inspection
and answered many questions.
Dr. Ward, in answer to a question,
stated that the schools were in a de
plorable state and that 50 per cent
could be closed by reason of their un
sanitary condition. He said such ac
tion was unwise, as the Board of Edu
cation was . doing, everything in its
power to 'place the schools in a proper
condition and he expressed the hope
that the Supervisors in making up the
new budget would give the Board of
Education a generous appropriation for
the schools. -
The second meeting of the Volunteer
School Inspecting Physicians was held
last evening in the rooms of the Board
of Health. Forty-five physicians were
in attendance and the session was
a highly interesting one.- J. W. Ward,
president of the Board of Health,
opened the meeting, and in the course
of his remarks suggested that the
volunteer physicians organize and elect
officers. He also took occasion to dis
cuss sanitary science and again point
ed out the necessity of school inspec
tion. Dr. Guy E. Manning was elected
temporary chairman and Dr. J. C. Far
mer temporary secretary. .
Volunteer .Medical Inspectors Take Up
Matter of Present Condition of
City Schools.
PHYSICIANS MEET TO TALK .
n OVER SANITARY QUESTIONS
Preliminary round — Ambrose and
Hotchkiss (scratch) versus Glynn and
Keller t30); Guerin and Hall (151-6)
versus "Wolfsohn and Wilgus (15 3-6);
F. Adams and Ho well (15) versus Tel
ler and Parr (5-6); Borough and Saul
(30) versus Brabant and Gayness (2-6).
Code and Drolla (4-6) versus J. B.
Adams and J. M. Baker (15 2-6); Miller
and Turner (15 3-6) versus Edwards and
Joseph (15 2-6); Otis and Gott (5-6)
versus Clinch and Powell (4-6); Gabriel
and Lemon (15 1-6) versus Bates and
Finnegan (4-6), Little and Quick (30)
versus Darns and Marvin (IS 3-6);
Dunlap and Foley versus" Brady 'and
Lytton (15).
First round, upper half— Baker broth
ers (owe 15 2-6) versus Long brothers
(4-6); Kerns and Martin a bye. Lower
half— Allen and Griffin a bye; Allen
brothers (30) versus Finch and Mann
(2-6).
Tennis Players Are Handicapped.
The drawing for the handicap dou«,
bles tennis tournament, to be played on
the Golden Gate Park courts to-day re- .
suited as follows:
Take Championship of the League
From Nevada Team by Score
S of 18 to 6.
OAKLAND, April 23.— The final
league game of basketball played be
tween Mills College and a Nevada team
to-day on the Mills College campus re
sulted In a victory for the Mills Col
lege girls by a score of 18 to 6. The
game was a clean one and it . was
played with spirit.
The result of the game entitles Mills
College to the champion cup for an
other year. The Nevada players were
i the guests of Mills College last night.
j After luncheon to-day they left - for
i their home in the Sagebrush State. -
MILLS COLLEGE GIRLS
WIN AT BASKETBALIi
The hammer throw went to Oro
ville, Wells making 110 feet. Bullard
of the same place 100 feet and Scallet
of Colusa third with 96 feet.
Broad jump — Won by' Beckwith,
18 feet 8 inches.
220-yard dash — Won by Luning.
Time. :24}4.
Final Score — Red Rluff, 36 points:
Oroville, 30; Chico, 21; Colusa, 16;
Redding, 6.
880-yard dash went to Red Bluff,
being won by Bonham. with Daggett
of Oroville a close second and Bullard
of Chico third. Time, 2:18'/..
220-yard hurdle — Gardner of Oro
ville first, Myers of Colusa second.
Moore of Colusa third. Time, :29j'j.
Pole vault — Post of Oroville won
first place with 8 feet 1 1 inches. Teass
of Red Bluff second with 8 feet 10
inches and Hardy of Chico third with
8 feet 4 inches.
High jump — Won* by Brooks of
Colusa, with Chico and Redding a tie,
each receiving two points.' The height
was 4 feet 10 Inches.
Shotput was won by Bruce with
38 feet 2 Inches; Wells second with 37
feet 7 inches.
120-yard hurdle a walkover for
Red Bluff, Fickert winning in :19.
44O*-yard dash — Porter of Chico
jflrst, Teass and Fickert of Red Bluff
second and third. Time, :53%-
100-yard dash — Lunlng of Red Bluff
first, Teass second and Beckwlth
third. Time.'rlOft.
R^D BLUFF, April 23. — The first
annual track meet of Northern Cali
fornia was held to-day at Antelope
track, Red Bluff. The schools repre
sented were Colusa, Oroville, Redding,
Chico and Red Bluff. The following
acted as officials: Referee, Wllsle
Martin (U. . C). Chico; starter, W. B.
Albertson (U. C), Redding; judges at
finish, H. C. Smith (Stanford), Red
ding; W.'.W. Fogg (U. C). Oroville;
Ike Karmel (U. C), Red Bluff; Mar
shal J. W. Boyd, Red Bluff; timers.
H. Weitfeldt, G. C. Wllkins, L. E-
Rowley and J. R. Freeman, Red Bluff.
A reception will be tendered the vis
itors to-night at the town hall. The
programme will consist of singing,
speaking and dancing.
Nine competitors started in the mile
run which was won by Apsal of Red
Bluff; a Chfco man was second and
Blue of Redding was third. Time,
5:25. "< v
Carry Off the Principal ETents in
Annual Meet of Northern County
Schools.
RED BLUFF ATHLETES
VICTORS IN FIELD DAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL 1 ,; SUNDAY, APRIL 24, 190*.
47
SLOT MACHINES.
Slot machines. $25; 'punchers. $25; lifters, card
machlnes.$20. W.A.Bradford Co., 1185 Market.
' n n ~- - SPECIALISTS. ' n _^___
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured;. new methods? 1 week's treat-
inent free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter st.
' . SPECIAL, KOTICE8.
Ladles'. Cblchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
are best; sa,fe, reliable: taVe no other. Send 4c
stamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
in letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Ta-
MATTHEW HARRIS, pension attorney, 40
I Ellis st.' ' - -¦¦•.- V- ¦-..¦¦¦
8TORAGK AHD . WAREHOUSES. -
aX EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st., nr. Third; phone Grant 101.
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse, G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1230 Market, r. 84; tel. South 750.
P1F.RCE-R0DOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
fice Post and Powell sts.; tel. Prlv. Ex.- 571.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave.; phone East I'M.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made.f- 810
Mission St.; tel. Howard 9». F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage nnd Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Ftllmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgome-y>
j st.; tel. Main 1840. Shipping nfc.cut rates.
. TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.-
AN exceptionally good .No. 2 Remington. No. 1
j Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters- at
higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California st. j
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each; set par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery st. . . •
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
| Webster Typewriter Inspec. Co.. 508 Market.
DIVIDEND NOTICES. ~~
bAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
ing Society, 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market St.. opposite Third—
Fcr tbe half year ending 31st of December,
1803. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of U2> twelv* per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxe«. payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. 1004. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
PRO PUS A_,_7~
UNIVERSITY of California, Berkeley. Notice
to contractors, builders and material men —
Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the granite- and
brick work for California Hall on the grounds
of the University of California at Berkeley,
California, and said bids will be received at
the office Of tha Regents. South Hall, Berke-
ley, at cr before ,12 o'clock m. of April
twenty-fifth, 1904.. Plans and specifications
of said granite and brick work have been
adopted and may be examined dally at otnee
of the Regente from 0 a. m. until 4 p. m.
No bids will be considered unless accom-
panied by a certified check or bond of bidder
In favor, of the Regents of the University of
, California, equal to ten <10) per cent of his
"6ld with sufficient sureties, conditioned that
if Hid bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
enter Into a proper contract to faithfully j
perform the duty and obligations in- accord- <
ance with said bid and with the plans ana
speciScatlons which are hereby required to bo
a part of such contract. The rlsht to reject
any and all bide Is hereby reserved. By or-
der of the Committee on Grounds and Build-
ings of the Board of Regents. V. H. HEN-
DERSON. Acting Secretary. ., '•;•> - u ,'.'
UNIVERSITY of California. Berkeley— Notice '
, to contractors, bulldrrs and material men
Notice Is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the superstructure
of the central power plant on the gn>und3
of the University of California at Berkeley.
California, and said bids will be received at
the olfice of the Regents, South Hall, Ber-
keley, st or before l'J o'clock m. of April 2«.
1904. Plans and specltications of said super-
structure of the central power plant have '
been adopted and may be examined dally at
office of the Regents from 9 a. m. until 4 p.
m. No bids will be considered unless ac-
companied by a certified check or bond of
bidder, in favor of the Regents of th» Uni-
versity of California, equal to ten (10) per
cent of his bid with sufflcier.t sureties. ¦ con-
ditioned that if said bid be accepted, the
bidder will duly enter into a proper contract
to faithfully- perform the duty and obliga-
tions in accordance with said bid and with
the plans and specification!) which are here-
by required to be a part of such contract.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
'Btilldincs ofttie Board of *l?egents. V. H.
HENDERSON, acting secretary.
SEALED proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the Lighthouse Engineer. San Fran-
cisco, Cal., until 12 o'clock m., standard
time, June 8, -UXH, and then opened, for the
construction of a steel tower upon a concrete
' ba*e for a light and fog- sternal station on
Mile Rock, entrance to San Francisco harbor.
Oil.. In accordance with specifications, copies
of which, with blank proposals and other In-
formation, may be had upon application to
Lieutenant Colonel Thomas H v Hantlbury.
Orps of Engineers, U. S. A.. Engineer. '
STLTTKRI2VG AXD STA3IMERI.>O.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Npss & Market,
promises cure If in fair health; hours^1 to 6.
. MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licenses 'were issued yesterday as
follows: .
Charles Johansson, 31, 525 Haight ¦ street,
anil Emma H. Anderson. 2", 525 Haight street.
William Rabe. 34, 435 Pine street, and Ida
Storz, 27, 1322 Webster street.
Walter S. Fisher, 21. 13C8 Stockton street,
and fiadle A. Godfrey, 21, 827.H Washington st.
John L. McCarthy. 2S, Point Richmond, and
Julia Wlttkopp. '27, 1107 Howard street.
Davlde Borghello. 20, 10S San Bruno avenue,
an«l Frenscs Fillpclla, 22, ICS San Bruno ave.
Thomas E.- Lorton, 21. Z'Wtt Mission street,
and Etta Richie. 21, 1530 Polk street.
Frank H. Heuck, 21. Oakland, and Bertha
Schulzfs IP, 1752 Sutter street. *
Charles G. Sherwood. 21. Alameda, and An-
nie J. G. Stromberg. 18, city.
Charles S. • Springer, 31, Santa Cruz, and
Bertha M. Jackson, 20, Colby. Kansas.
Harry T. Earl. 21, 1124 Bush street, and
Annie.. J. Carpenter, 21, 1124 BusK. 6treet.
John Straub. 40, .55 Dorland street, and Cath-
arlna Straub, 30. 44 Diamond street.
Stephen A. Eley. 35, 2S Seventh street, and
Jowja A. Marque*. 34, 120 Prospect place.
Harry C. Murphy, 21. 1550 Howard street,
and Tessle M. Toland, 18, 741 Harrison street.
Jacintho S. Scares, 2S, 65 Jackson street,
and Frances R. Gomes, 28, 1443 Stockton st.
William E. L. Calvin, 27, Presidio, and Es-
tella C. Cook, .25, 019 Sanchez street.
Patrick W. Leahy. 21. 742 Florida str.eet,
aod Orry V. Young, 18, 303 Eighth street.
BIBTHS-MBRMES-DEAm
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be.
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the fame published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of cbarse.
BERNTSEN— In this city, April 1904, to
the wife of George O. BernUen, a son.
DOYLE— In this city, April 15, 1004, to the
wife of Douglas A. Doyle, a son..'
LEE — In this city, March 27, 1904, to the wife
of E. S. Lee, a son. / .
MAIMONE— in this city, April 5, 1004, to the
wife of Charles A. Maimone, a son.
PARQUET— In this city, April 23, -1904, to
the wife of Oliver Parquet, a daughter.
ROLPH— In this city, April 17, 1904, to the
wife of James Rolph Jr., a eon.
31ARRIED.
BILAFER— SIMUAK— In this city, April 17,
1904, by the Rev. Father : Turk, Joseph B.
Bllefer and May G. Simrak.C both of San
Francleco. . «¦ .
DUNSTAN— LONG — In Oakland. Cal., April 13,
1804, oy Justice of the ¦ Peace James G.
Qulnn, Ernest A. Dunstan and Blanche ' G.
Long, both of San Francisco. >
GRAVES— NELSON— In this' city. April 22,
1004. by the Rev. William Rader. Curtis M.
Graves and Agnes C. Nelson, both . of this
city. . .
HENDRICKS — CANDEZE— In ' this city. April
'10, 1904., by. the Rev. Father Sullivan, Murt
Hendrlcks and Beatrice ; E. Candeze.
LESTER— FLEMING— In this ¦ city. April 17,
1904, by ' the Rev. {, William Rader,' George
Raymond Lester of: this city and Edna Maude
Fleming of Calistoga, Cal. >. ¦„¦
STONE — HUFF— In this city, April 20. : 1904,
by tha Rev. -William Rader, Arthur Stone of
Sacramento, Cal.. and May Huff of Alaraedu,
¦ , cai. ' ,; ».¦'.¦"„/.-. ¦' ¦ . . !v.;
SNYDER— MACDONALD— In 'Oakland," Cal.,
April 20. 1904, i by 'the; Rev.. William Rader,
Dr. Crayton ,_."¦ Snyder: of« Salt Lake: City,
Utah, and Flora'J. Macdonald of this city.
.•:.¦- .,, .... ¦ . -died. :..:¦¦ '¦:. :¦-. ¦¦
Blckwick.* George - Hermann, "C." : ¦¦ ¦'.,¦'
Borrer, Pauline J.\- Johnson, Charles F.
Brady, John Kenneally, ¦ Michael
'Brydge*. Marshall C. . Kenwood,- Charles
Buchanan. - Rev.P.G.- , Lynch.. Catharine ' :
Calmels. Henrlette , . Martin, ; Mrs. A." J.
Camps, Joeeph- --' ¦ Merithew. Joixph C.
Cassldy, Edward : ,' ; Murphy, .William ¦ .
Collner, * John- IL.,- Perkins, Emaline. S. ..
Crocker, Florence V. . Rouquette,- Albert R.
Deve/eaux," Harriet ; ¦ Schofleld, > Jennie * C,
: Doherty; - Margaret ¦ Sherman, Anna M.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn, and Unf am.
MCALLISTER, 781 — Nicely . furnished . room,
with board; gents only. '
MINNA, 814 — Nice housekeeping rooms.
MISSION, 122S— Large, front, sunny, I furnished
bay-window room; ladies; prtv. family;' refs.
MISSION. 1632— Furnished rooms to. let
MISSION. 2245 — Furnished room to let; use of
bath. .
MISSION. 2S44— Clean sunny furnished rooms
for gentlemen; rent reasonable. .
MONTGOMERY. 131— Large well-furnished
sunny rooms: $0 to $10 per month." 1
NOE, cor. Twenty-fourth — Furnished rooms
for gentlemen.
NICK unfurnished room In airy top flat on
Powell st., nr. Filbert; $6 CO. Box 1419, Call.
NICE furnished room in sunny top flat on
Powell *t.. nr. Filbert. $8. Box 1448. Call.
NINETEENTH, 4060, near Castro— Newly fur-
nished eunny room, bath and gas, |7.
OAK. S32— Two newly furnished sunny rooms;
phone.
O'FARRELL. 537 — Furnished room suitable for
1 or 2 gentlemen; with private - family. .
O'FARRELL, 1324 H— Furnished sunny suite
of 2 rooms to let.
ONE furnished room: suitable fcr gentleman.
Call SS3 Linden ave.
PACIFIQ 1108 — Nice front sunny room; bath;
$6 monthly,
PAGE. 249 — Furnished rooms. »
POST. C22 — Furnished rooms. $2 up; hand-
some suites; very reasonable.
POST. 2433 — Furnished single room; private |
family; $7.
POWELL, 5W3 — Nicely furnished room for i
gentleman.
ROYAL House, 128 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
readlcg-room. smoking-room and Indies' par-
lor: rooms per night, 35c to $150; week, $2
to $8; month, IS to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SIXTEENTH. 2S22— Sunny furnished room for
one or two.
SIXTEENTH. S03S, flat 8— Single room; newly
furnished; gents only.
STEVENSON, G35 — Sunny furnished room for
gentleman.
STOCKTON House, 41 Stockton st.— Nicely ,
furn. suites, also single; $1 50. $2 50. $3 week.
SUNNY front room; reasonable. Box 316S,
Call office^ •
SUTTER. 1103— Large front bay-window room;
grate; 2 closets; running water;gas stove;$14.
SUTTER. 1531— Large front room; furnished;
private bell and telephone. ...
SWELL 2-room apartment; all conveniences.
Box 1496. Call. -
THE ST. KATHRYN, N.E. cor. Leavenworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms In the city; new
hotel; just furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattresses In every room; also bot and cold
water, baths, etc.: steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every modem conveni-
ence; rocms from $3 per week up.
THE NIARA. 61.1 Taylor St.— Sunny suites and
single rooms with board; prices reasonable.
Phone Sutter 1496.
THE Larchmont. SSI Putter— Nicely furnished
front rooms; reasonable.
TURK. 7S5— Two sunny connecting rooms,
front and back parlors, for light housekeep-
ing or for 2 gents; reasonable.
TURK. 1161 — Sunny furnished rooms; adjoin-
ing Jefferson square.
TURK. 1163 — Sunny rooms with or without
board; adjoining Jefferron Park.
TWELFTH. 119 — 4 sunny unfurnished rooms;
select location; adults.
TWELFTH. 145— Furnished rooms to let.^
TWENTY -SECOND. 3532— Furnished rooms.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near MarkeT — *00
rooms, S5c to $1 night, ? 1 75 to S6 week; elec-
tric light* <no gas), running water in every
room; elerator.read.-room: free bus; baggage.
UNFURNISHED rocms. suitable for dress-
making, ladles' taller or light manufacturing.
Apply A. ROY HARRISON. 140 Geary sU
VALENCIA, 580. bet. Sixteenth and Seven-
teenth — 3 elegantly • furnished bay-window
rooms; new flat; marble stairs and hallways;
suitable for doctor or dentist.
VALENCIA. 618 — Nicely furnished front room
to rent: reasonable. /'
VAN NESS ave.. 61»— Elegant front parlors
and adjoining suite for ofnee or club.
VAN NESS, 1008— Nicely furnished rooms to
rent: modern conveniences.
WASHINGTON. 1010 — 2 sunny rooms for
housekeeping; also 2 single rooms.
WEBSTER. 1225— A room to let.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable: 700 room*;
S5c to $1 50 night; *2 to JS week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light in every
room: 15c to $1 a night: 75c to $5 a week;
open all night; convenient to all cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st.. opposite Fifth.
Open until Hem.
ROOMS AXD . HOARD.
EDGEMERE~HOTEU
731 Bush st.. above Powell; select flrcl-
class residential hotel; elegantly furnishevl
and table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heated and private exchange telephones In
every room; terms reasonable.
B. DU CARPE. Prop.
HOTEL ST. AUGUSTA, 536 Geary St.— New.
up-to-date, sunny rooms; best of service;
tourist trade solicited.
________________ _
Rooms and table board.
Cooking, house, appointments, finest.
Terms reasonable; limited number.
1183 Turk st.
HOTEL BALTIMORE,
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY 8T.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 706.
HOWARD. SUA— First-class board with room,
single or double. $5-$0 week: American, fam-
ily; horns cooking; home comforts; piano.
ELEGANTLY furnished carlor suite, with pi-
ano, or large sunny alcove; phcne: bath; use
of parlor; private; reasonable. 228 Page st.
A COMFORTABLE, congenial home in Mission
for young man; good brd; reas. Box 3114, Call.
BOARD in private family; downtown. Box
3742, Call office.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 419 Butter— Sunny suites,
single rms.: excellent table; moderate prices.
EDDY, 867 — Front room, with board; running
water; electric light and telephone.
MISSION, 2562 — One or two pleasant furnished
rooms, with or without board: private family. !
VAN NESS ave., 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, with baths: also single: homelike.
ROOMS AXD nOARD WASTED.
BOARD and suite for one; private family; vi-
cinity of park preferred: $40. Address, with
references, box 1352, Call o;<ice. ,
TWO hooaekeeping rooms, basement. In ex-
change for painting and papering. 3367 26th.
WANTED — Board and room in private fara- j
ily; reasonable. Box 1400. Call office.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— 2 or 3 unfurnished rooms; must be
reasonable. Address N.. 4168 Seventeenth St.
WANTED— 3 or 4- unfurnished rooms; private
family preferred. Box 3210. Call : office. ' ..
STABLES TO LET.
34-STALL stable: 2920 Mission St.; cement
floor; loft capacity 150 tons;- suitable for
storage or mill. .
SEWIXO MACHINES A.M) SUPPLIKJ,
AT half or one-third price you can buy a new
White sewing machine that is slightly 8ho»
worn, at our city offices, 300 Post St., 1641
Fill more and 70S Valencia et.
RENT the best; we. have 100 new- White sew-
ing machines for rent at $2 per month.
WHITE SEWING MACHINE CO.. 300 Post
e_; telephone Black 1106. '•'• , .: . - i
DOMESTIC— The ' machine . : for • family >twe;
best is cheapest: second-hand all makes at
any. price; all kinds rented ' lowest rates.
Domestic office, 1021 Market. . near - Sixth. .:
NEW HOME— See our new* triple-feed- ma-
chines: slightly. used; $10. ?«.? $20; second- j
hand, $3. $5. $8; all styles; guaranteed. -New
Home Sewing Machine Co., < 1051 Market st.
WWN ,
A B. BARNES MEDICAL DIRECTOR.
L. I. MATHER. Secretary.
VOLLOW BARK SANITARIUM
< Incorporated) .
Treat all liguor and drug addictions
by the beet known methods.
w« do not agree to effect a cur« In thre«
day*. By giving a systematic treatment we
build up tte system, while effecting the euro,
by which we naturally obtain the best result*.
We do not claim '¦< pertorm miracles,
BUT DO CLAIM TO CURE.
„ We have a beautiful and well -furnished horns
for a..; private patients. Call or write for
booklet. Address for particulars —
W2 Fhotwell Bt., near Twenty -second.
Tel White 3C91. San Francisco. Cal.
TOUR 1!'« is Influenced by tbe planet under
*Mch you were bcrn. Just aa the tides rise
• r.d fall with the moon; I point out the dan-
gers and th« way to success in love, mar-
riage and business; my forecasts are truly
wonderful — to many wcrth a fortune; eend
2 stamps with birth date for FREE reading
of your life, with descriptions of whom you
should marry. PROF. ASA MOORE. Dcpt.
3T — No. 7O5 Temple Court bldg.. New Tork.
A P-rtk smooth and young looking face.
: -With a real, genuine "baby Mdn."
Pent forget the name. M. ELLA HARRIS.
Tbe number. 781 O'Farreil et.. near Larkln.
Call or write fcr book. tre«,
"Hlnta on Beauty."
THE HERMANN SANITARIUM.
Insomnia, mental and nervous diseases cured:
liquor and drug habits; massage; medicated
baths; country place Lake co. ; terms to phy-
fcicians; call cr write. 1375 Waller, bet. Ma-
aonlc ave. and Aahbury St.; tel. Fell S37.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops faillng.cures dandruS
. and itching scalp; no etaln or stickiness:
cleanses scalp ;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
'c*pt no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,1338 Polk.
A— MICROTINE, a positive cure for catarrh,
cold In the h*ad. hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections: »end for fre« sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 »th.
TOUNU ladles should dress well. If you havs
a good Doirttton BARON, the Ladles' Tailor,
of 7b".' Market St.. will clothe you styilshly
at rea_o_ab:e figure- on weekly payments.
Cancerous lumps, sores, lmpu rs blood (affecting
.skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Orant ave. Worst cases cured.
TAPEiNE— Tapeworm expelled in 2 to 8
hcurs: no tasting; no nausea; no castor oil;
no failure; $2 BO. P. C. LUTZ. Chemist.
I€7!i Post 6t.. San Francisco.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chesille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer la
carp*t twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
. rutes. Geo. Matthews. 703 Fifth St.. Oakland.
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
SI a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market st-
between R*\-*r.th and EUrhth.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st.
DRUNKENNESS rnorphin* and all drug dis-
»>sses positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
812 Shctwell; consultation free: call or write.
SOCIAL Ciuicee Wed., Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridcys. Louise Foster's
Kchool or Danclr.g. 1550 Market, nr. Larkin.
X.ADIES — Our remedy ha* cured thousands
and will cure you; safe and harmless. Oer-
manla Chemical Co.. Milwaukee. Wla.
A GUARANTEE TO GROW HAIR
On the worst bald head. Call or write, DR.
G S. MOORE. 332 OFarrell wt.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 800 — Corner laundry,
barber shop, cigars, tobacco, newspapers;
' suits cleaned.
W1UTE — Received with Joy this morning: will
not leave for 3 we^ks. BLACK.
LAPIE?. try the Gem fartal massage device
and electric pulsator. 617 Taylor st.
. PRIVATE detective: rlty or country: thorough-
'\f r*:iat!». Box 14_0. Ca'l office.
"VITAL Ring"' cures weak men; $2 50, po*t
paid. DR. BURNARD & CO.. 140 Gear}-. S.F.
f U1TS to crdcr on installments of Jl per week.
XEUHAl'S & CO. (inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
PUrERFLUOUS hair * moles removed by elec-
tric neetfle. Vr. * Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market.
Actlna restores lost .-cures deafness and
. citarrh. A' VI DA Co.. 3524 lftth. nr. Valencia.
liRS. Eaton, t-l^ctric needle specialist. 368 Eut-
ter. r. 003. Ml*i Eaton. 23S Geary, room 03.
MASQVEIiADE ccFtumes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MAOE «mit «7 5<>: <Jresi> pants J2 50.
Misf.t Cothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALl=*REr»UM*P Ejryrtiar. Henna restores gray
. hair tc its natural color. $1; st all drutrrists'.
PAlilTtTHV.
'lIADAME flEVAF. palmlrt and astrologer.
Llebes t ¦:: . i:;.* 12S* Poet it.: hours 10 to 5.
HJIX, NEERGARD. located et 242 Post; hours
!• to 6 daily. Phone James 1. Classes.
II . JEROME FOSELLl. scler.tlfle palmist. 013
* Ta?-|"r tt.. near (Wrv. Phone Black 561.
PAarxnro. PAPEH-tAgGiifO. etc.
PAINTING, papering and tinting done cheap;
all wcrk done first class. Tel. Larkin 4171.
FUV-ICIAJVS A\D SCRGEON*.
t»R C C. O'DONNELL — Orflee and residence..
1021^ Market st.. tx-t. «th and 7th; particu-
lar attention raid to diseases of women.
FLOOD skin and rental fllffTfTl a specialty.
DR. BALL. l"73Vj Market st. •-
REMOVED— DR. WONQ HIM. herb doctor:
•—tats a'l din'aiM* cf the buman body; for
past four yeare at 115-117 JIafon; now lo-
<-ate»i at 6''7 Geary tt.. nr-ar Leavrnworth
im. TONG PO CHT. successor to Dr. Li Po
Tai. herb doctor, cures all disease? of human
by us* of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st.
WKXKO WOO. The r»mcus herb doctor — AM tfis-
<-«!«e* cured t>y <;h1nene herbs. 746-8 Clay St.
ROOMS FOIt IIOITSBICEBFIXG.
/.LL t-ur.ny; best In city: 3 or 4 rooms furnish-
'.' e<J cr unrumlshed. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENTS. ISO© Pacramento st.. nr. Larkin.
BRANNAN, 22S — Parlor floor, 3 eunny, well
furnished room?; closets, gas range, grate.
IIIjDY. 457 — T<» let furnished suite housekeep-
ing rooms; »unny.
LLG1X PAKK, 5C — Sunny unfurnished double
. l«r!ors, ki'then; new, mod.; man and wife.
CLL1?, fll— Nicely furnished, sunny alcove;
li^lit housekeeping; everything furn.; bath.
J'CLL. 1071— Four fine sunny rooms near pan-
hanfiw-: rum. complete housekeeping; adults.
FIFTEENTH. KTn, near Howard — Two or
three uftiurnirr.ed housekeeping rcxims.
KOLSQM. C47— Furnished roefns for housekeep.
Ing: 4 rocm* and bath; nlar.o.
rOLSOM. I1C7. fiat B — For light housekeeping,
front hall rix>m; rrivate family; gaa.
I"ULTON. 233 — Two connecting housekeeping
rooms: gas rar.jr<»: grate; r.o children.
FULTON, 2ZZ — Two- connecting housekeeping
room?; g_* rang-e. crate; no children.
GEARY, 4O& — 3 sunny, clean, nicely furnished
rooms.
GEARY. 134V — sunny, newly furn. hou«ekpg.
suite complete; bath, phone, gas range, run-
ning- water, laundry, nice yard, priv.; $17 50.
GOLDEN GATE, 4S3 — 3 housekeeping rooms;
water, gas.
GUERRKISO. K>4 — S connected rooms for house-
keeping; regular kitchen; adults only; refs.
GUERRERO, 22*1 — Elegant housc-ecping rooms.
GUERRERO, 830 — Furnished for housekeeping:
no children; rent reasonable.
liAYl'ti. 4G7 — 2 or 3 furnished housekeeping
rooms; private family.
HOWARD. 1701— Two or three large furnished
rooms for housekeeping, with bath.
JESSIE. 333 — Sunny room, furnished house-
keeping; gas range; sink; H 75 week.
KNICKERBOCKER Apertments. 1340 Pine—
Sunny, furuUncd 3-roon suites; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted: fret- baths; rate $30 up.
LAItKIN. 433 — Rooms for light housekeeping.
LARKIN, 71C — Front euite; eunny; furnished
for housekeeping; gas range.
LF.AVI.NWORTH. 109—3 or 4 sunny house-
keeping rooms; parlcr floor; rent reasonable.
LEAVENWORTH. 1WT — 3 sunny, well-rur-
nished room*; gas range; al?o 2 single.
MINNA. 549 — Large sunny furnished front
housekeeping rooms; also single room*.
KOE. 10C2. comer Twenty-third— f 12: front
and back parlor unfurnished, suitable for
light housekeeping; Bice sunny corner.
OAK. SW4, corner Scott — Two newly furnished,
>unr.y rooms; bath, laundry; no children.
TAGE, 278 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete. .
P1XTH. 3'JS — Large front room: three cr two;
housekeeping: cne slnrle room.
SIXTH ave., 7«0, nr. Chute* — 3 unfur. roomes.
close to G. G. Park, for housek*p'g; 510 mo.
SIXTEENTH, 3C78. bet. Market and Castro-
Unfurnished, 3 nice eunny housekeeping
rooms, with bath; reasonable.
for the repose of the soul of the late Mrs.
Arnold J. Martin- of Chileno Valley. Martn
County. Cal.. will be celebrated at St. Dom-
inic's Church, Bush and Steiner streets, San
Francisco, on Tuesday, April 26, at 9:UO
o'clock.
MERITHEW — In CuDertlno, near San Jose,
Cal., : Aoril 22, 1904, Joeeph- C. Merithew.
father of Mrs. Norman Dunbar of Cuper-
tino and Charles H. Merithew of San Fran-
cisco. , a native of Maine, seed SI years '4
months and 15 days. ' _
ETFrisnds and acquaintances are respec.-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence at Cupertino. Interment Santa Clara
Cemetery.
MURPHY— In the City and County Hospital.
April 23. 1904, William Murphy, a native ot
. Ireland, aged 54 yeat«.',r i-v
PERKINS — Passed to higher life In this city.
April 21. 1JM)4, at 1220 Mieslon street, at 3
p. m.. Emallne Ellvers Perkins, beloved
wife of George F. Perkins, a nailve of New
Jersey. . •
_y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the "parlors of
Gantner Bros., 1209 Mission street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
ROUQUETTE— In this city, April. 22. 1904.
Albert Raymond, dearly belovtd eon of Jean
and Valerie Rouquette, and beloved brother
of Alice Rouquette. a native of San Fran-
cisco. a*ed 8 months and 18 days.
B_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
April 24, at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
, his riarents. 192 Seventh street, between
Mission and Howard. Interment Holy Cros*
Cemetery, by carriage. •
SCHOFIELD— In this city, April 23, 1904, Jen-
nie C. beloved wife of M. B. Schofleld, and
mother of Mrs. George H. Hurd and W. F.
and Ida G. Schofleld, a native of Louisiana.
E^Friends and acquaintances are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1726 Devlsadero street. Interment
private.
SHERMAN— In Oakland, Cat., April 23, 190t.
Anna M., wife of the late William Sher-
man, and mother of Elizabeth M.. and the
late William B. and Francis H. Sherman.
STEWART— At his residence In Berkeley, Cal.,
April 23. 1904, Joseph Stewart, lieutenant
• colonel United States army (retired), beloved
father of Joseph Stewart Jr.. Mary E. Pat-
terson. Colcnel William F. Stewart. Artil-
lery Corps, U. S. A.; France* H. Martin,
and Charles, Helen A., Edward J.. Josephine
A. and Alice Stewart, a native of Ken-
tucky, aged s'l years 2 months and 25 days.
C7Fnend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the fun'ral services
to-morrow (Monday), at the grave in the
National Cemetery, at the Presidio of San
; Francisco. The body will be met by. the
militsay escort at the entrance to the res-
ervation, Lyon and Lombard streets, at 1:30
o'clock\and proceed thence to the grave.
SWEENEY— Entered Into rest in this city.
April 22. 190-1, Edward M., dearly beloved
! hupband of Estella Sweeney, and brother of
.John J. Sweeney, a native of San Francisco,
aged 2» years and 11 months.
£7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 3S9 Oak street, thence to Sacred Heart '
Church, where a reo.ulem high mass will be
celebrated for the reposie of his soul, com- ¦
mencing ! *t 9:30 o'clock. Interment St. i
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 o'clock
creek boat.
To the officers and members of Court
James G. Blaine No. 207, Foresters of i
America — You are hereby notified to attend :
the funeral of our late brother, Edwin M.
Sweeney, from hia late residence. 380 Oak ;
street, on Monday morning, at 8:30 o'clock, i
* J. M. NEWBERT. Chief Ranger. >
F. J. HARRINGTON, Rec. Sec.
WEISS — In this city, April 22, 1901, Rosa,
tmloved wife of Jacob Weiss, and belovsd
mother of Mrs. II. Simon, Mrs. Sam W.
Sincere of Chicago and Joseph M. Weiss, a
native of Austria, atred tH) years and 4
months
K7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun;ral services i
to-day (Sunday). April 24, at 10:30 '
o'clock, at the residence of her daughter. !
5*8 Second avenue, Richmond. Interment '
Hills of Eternity C metery, by electrio
funeral ; car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
WHITTEN— In Oakland, Cal., April 23, 1904.
Anna Roberta, beloved daughter of John W.
Whltten. a native of Louisville, Ky.. aged
50 years 3 months and 23 days.
WILLIAMS — In Oakland, Cal.. April 23, 1904.
Oub Williams, a native of Finland, aged B2
years.
¦ C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morroM»
(Mcnday). at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Be:sle J. Wood & Co., 1128
Twenty-third avenue, Oakland. Interment
Evergreen Cemetery.
WOLLENBERG— In Prescott, Ariz., April 19,
1904. Hanna Wollenberg. dearly beloved wife
of -Levi . Wollenbergr, and dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. A. Blumberg and Nettle Wol-
lenberg, a native of Germany, aged CO years
11 months ond 3 days.
_ (C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ¦ funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her brother-in-law, 16(51 Post street. In-
terment Salem Cemetery, by electric car
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
BADGER. WILLIAM G.— St. Albans Enndaj-
School will hold a special memorial service
to-day (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, at Golden Gate
Hail. 025 Sutter street. Former members and
friends aro Invited to attend.
NOTICE TO THE PUBLIC.
Carriage* can be obtained at any hour of
the day ur night at Hackmen's Headquarters,
905 Howard street! Telephone. South 4l5.
Orocrs promptly attendfd to.
Edwards, Susan F. Stewart, Joseph
. . Epstein. Jacob M. Sweeney, Edward M.
Finn, John • Weiss, Rosa
.Flelsher, Wolf " 'Whltten, Anna R..
Good. Henry - -'Williams, Gus
Granz, Louis . .Wollenberg, Hanna
BICKWICK— In the City and County Hospital.
April : 23, 1904,. George' Blckwick, aged 4S
years. ;
BORRER— In, this city. April 22, 1904, Pau-
line Josephine,' dearly beloved and only
daughter .of Catherine and -the -late Theo-
. dore Borrer, granddaughter of Ludwig Weil-
ing, and., niece of Mrs. - Bertha Cavalll, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 22 years 0 months
and 8 days. ¦_ -. -. , '."" m
B_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited. to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence of
her mother. 559 Seventh street, between Bry-
ant . and Brannan, thence- to St. Boniface's
Church, Golden Gate avenue, between Jones !
¦ and Leavenworth streets, where services will
he held, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BRADY— In this city. April 23. v 1904. John, be-
loved husband of Hester Brady, and father of
John and William -Brady-' and Mrs. Rose
Roberts, " a native of New York. >•
(CReirains at, the parlors of the Henry
J. Gallagher Undertaking Company, 20 Fifth
street. Notice of funeral hereafter. '
BRYDGES— Ir. this city, suddenly, Aorll 22.
1904, Marshall C, dearly beloved husband of
Annli Brydpes, and devoted father of Mrs.
A., Wilson. Mrs. | K. Ritchie and Marshall J.
Brydjes. a native cf Windsor, England, aged
77 yoars 11 months and 7 days. <
• EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 063 McAllister' street. Cremation
¦ Odd Fellows' Cemetery.: Please ornlt flowers.
BL'CHAXAN-rln Berkeley, -April 21, 1904,
Rev. P. G. Buchanan, husband of Harriet
M. Buchanan, . and father of Mrs. Ida B.
Davis and Augustus M. Buchanan, a native
of " New York, aced S2 years <$ months and
23 days. ¦ . :
ZZ T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend - the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at '2 o'clock, from Trinity M. »K.
Church. Berkeley.' Intsrment private.
CALMELS— In this city, April 23, 1004, Hen-
riette CalmeU, dearly beloved daughter of
Henri and Darle Calmels, a native of San
Francisco, aged 1 year and 7 months.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the late
residence, (513 Mission Btreet. thence to the
French Church of Notre Dame des Victoires
for services. Interment Holy Qross Ceme-
tery, by carriage. .-. •
CAMPS — Entered into rest In this* city. Joseph
Camps, a native of Portugal, aged 25 years
10 months and 5 days. A member of PaclBc
Coast Marine Firemen'?- Unlcn.
vj_3 f Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty & Green,- 1171 Mis-
sion street, between Seventh and Eighth,
CASSIDY — In this city, April 20. 10C4, Ed-
ward CasEidj', «_ retlve of Ireland.
COLLNER— In this city, April _2, l»04, John
Henry, son of John and the late Ellen Coll-
ner, and brother of James T. Collner," a
native of San Francisco, . aged 29 years 11
months and 22 days.
£7"rhe funeral will: tak« place to-day
at 12:30 o'clock, from", 11 Natoma street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church.
Holy Crof*s Cemetery., j :.....
CROCKER— In this city, April 23, 100J. Flor-
ence Virsinla. beloved daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Henry J. Crocker, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged "14 years 3 months and >> days.
CC5*Funeral services to-morrow (Monday),
at 2 o'clock,' from the residence, 2301 La-
fruna street. Interment ' private.
DEVEREAUX— In this city. April 23, 190-J,
Harriet, beloved wife of William J.- Dever-
eaux. mother of Joseph. William and Marie !
Devereaux, daughter of Timothy and Annie
Dolan of Yuba County, and ulster of Mrs. I
J. McGreevy, Mre. R. McDonald, Sister Ve-
ronica, Mrs. C. Conneghan and' Tom nnd T.
J. Dolan, a native of .- Downievllle, Sierra
County. Cal. . ¦ ' ... I
CTNotlee of funeral hereafter.
DOHERTY — Near Sunol, Alameda County,
Cal.. April 22. 1904, Margaret, beloved wife
of the late Edward Doherty, beloved mother
of Edward and Charles Doherty. Mrs. H.
Lntlipr-s and Mrc. M. Scott of Petaluma. ana
grandmother of Lillian and Harry Ladlneo, a i
native of County Donegal, Ireland, aged 51
years.
1C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
Billy Invited tc attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock, from her late rcsl-
dence, near Sunol, Alameda County. Inter-
ment Mission Catholic Cemetery. A solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul to-morrow (Monday), at 10
o'clock, at St. Joseph's Church. Mission San ,
Jose.
EDWARDS— In Alameda. Cal., April 23. 1004,
Susan F. Bdwarda, beloved, mother, of Fanny
Carlsten, a, native. of Massachusetts, aged 85
yoars. ".:.„......;;,....;,,.;,..
El'STEIN— In this city. April 20.' 1904, Jacob
M Eosteln, , beloved husband of Annie Ep-
Fteln, and, cousin of Mrs. L. Welfson and
Ijjoseph Sertnsky, a - native of Poland, aged
•¦' M years and- 10 months. '(New York papers
pleaee copy.)* ¦• v -.
EXFrlenrts and acquaintances are respect-
fully -invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), " at 10 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner of Post and Montgomery
streets, under the auspices of Fidelity Lodge
No. 120, F. and A. M. Interment Hills of
I Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 train from Third
and Townscnd streets.
: FINN— In this city, April 23, lfK>4. John,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Finn, father
of Thomas, Lillian and May Finn, and
brother of Mrs. Henry Tretten and Mrs.
Ellen Counlhan,- a native of th* parish of
Driller}', County Kerry, Ireland, aged 52
years.
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1367 Minna street, thence to SL
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at !> o'clock.
FLEISHER— In this city. April 21. 1904, Wolf,
beloved husband of Esther Flelsher, and
father of Cecelia Fleisher. a native of
Cracow, Austria, aged (!~ years. , ;
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend .'the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1525 Geary street. Interment Salem
Cemetery, bv electric car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets.
GOOD — In this city, April. 22, "1904. Henry
Good, beloved husband of Annie Good, nnd
father of Henry, John arid William Good
and Mrs. Robert Hume, a native of Ireland,
aged 0." years 2 months and 2 days. -
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 1 .o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 750 Corbett' road, between Twenty-
first and Twenty-second streets. .Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. . -.
GRANZ— In this city. April 22, 1004. Louis,
beloved husband of Henrietta Granz, and
beloved father , of Mrs. R. Baldruch and
Charles H.. Louis E.. Arthur. • 'William and
Ella Granz. ' and brother of Herman Granz
of Fresno. Cal., a native of Saxony, Ger-
many, ased S3 years 7 .months and 9 days.
A member of Vtreln Elntracht and Amal-
gamated Wood-workers' International Union,
Local No. 15. : ."
tr_TFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral I to-day
(Sunday), April 24. at 2:30 o'clock, from th*
parlors of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission
street, between Seventh and Eighth. Cre-
mation Odd Fellows' Cemetery. :
HERMANN— In this city. April 23. 1904, Chris-
topher, dearly beloved husband of Rose Her-
mann, a nattve of Germany, aged 44 years
10 months and 7 days.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock; from bis late resi-
dence, 1375 Waller street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. . -.
JOHNSON— In ' Oakland. " Cal., April 22, 1004,
at 1308 Wood street, Charles Frederick John-
son, beloved husband of Teckla and . father
of Ella Johnson,' a native of . Sweden, aged
¦ 51 years 5 months and 21 days. '
KENNEALLY— In Oakland. April 22, 1904.
Michael Kenneally, beloved husband of Mary
Kenneally. and father of Maurice, Patrick
and Thomas Kenneally ¦¦ and Elster . M.
Clement and Sister M.' Benedlcta, a native of
Ireland, aged CS years 7- months and 24 daya.
(_7*Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
April 24. at 4:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1408 Eleventh street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where services will be held
at 2 o'clock. Interment -St. Mary's -Ceme-
tery. Oakland. Please omit flowers.
KENWOOD— In this city. April 22, 1904,
Charles Kenwood, a native of Wisconsin,
aged 54 years.
LYNCH— In this city, April. 22. 1904. Catharine
Lynch, beloved aunt » of Thomas, - Samuel,
. William, George, Belle and Kate WatUon,
- a native of County i Wlcklow, • Ireland. '
E_~The funeral . will take place to-morrow
(Monday), from her '. late residence, - 2210
Stelner street,, thence to St. Dominie's
Church, where a requiem high mafcs will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at 10
o'clock. private. ¦;
MARTIN— An anniversary requiem high mass
HENRY J. CALL ACHERlcb.
- (Successors ; to Flannagan & ¦ Gallagher.) - -
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, M*r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fiftn. ; Rt.. opposite' Lincoln School.
:" - Telephone South :' 80. . .'-. '
UNITED UNDERTAKBRS.
— -Funeral Directors ; and Embalmers ¦ —
¦ :.¦-:• Formerly in Metropolitan < Templa. -
NOW at HC8 , MISSION.!** Tel. ¦ South ( 107.
¦ Between Fourth : and « Fifth, near . Fifth ¦_ =
- Finest ' Equipments ; at : Moderate ; Rates. ¦..'.'.
F. • J. Monahan, " Manager. ' " ' Tel." Mission 31.}
MONAHAN,' iqRAXK&iQQ;
FUNERAL DIRECTORg^AND^EMBALMERS.
2339-2341 . Mission st.. ; near.' Nineteenth.' - ;•>. -¦;-
' San , Francisco _ ..".;.: ~
Janes McGinn.;. .-*" Henry iHansen. :
JAMES McGINN -:* , CO.. V '
;-"'; Foimerly With . McGinn ; Bros.. .'
• - — Funeral s Directors and >' Embalmen — _•'
/ Eddy St.; Tel. South '576. ~«
GREAT MAY DAY XUMBERI
NEW BIRD AND ANIMAL
PAINTER.
See Some of the Rare Examples
of His -Work and Read the '[
this Genius of
the Desert, as Described
George Wharton James.
- — — ..-*.¦
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.
KOOMgv FOR HOCSEKEEPiyO—^Con.
ETANTAN. Sl<^— Suite of 2 or 4 eunny fur-
nlshed rooms, facing Golden Gate. Park.
SrTTEJt, 10_2'.i. nr. Hyde— 2 larre sunny par-
lors; mdn; gas crate, phone; ierms reasonable.
SUTTEn. 12064 — Two or three unfurnished
rooms; call Monday.
TEHAMA." 326 — Larpe sunny bay window room;
furnished: us* of bath ¦ and telephone.
TURK. 816 — I-Lrs-e room for gentleman; 3
lower rooms for housekeeping.
TURK, SS7— Furnished rooms for ho-iekeepln*.
VALENCIA. 1191 — 3 or 4 sunny unfur. house-
keeplng rooms, bath; $12; call Sun.; references.
VAN XESS. 4S — Pine front room, with large
kitchen connecting; gas range, running wa-
ter, laundry; with, on* or two beds to suit;
rrlc« reasonable.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The "Weekly
Call. 1G pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for S 1.
A_>-vST-K£ZTT HOUSES,
A—CORDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 13.
1CS4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooma aad
bcth each; all unfurnished; $27 SO to $40.
Make reservations now.
AT St. Ceclle. 115 Fell St.. above Van Ness
ave. — The acme of perfection In modern, ele-
gantly furnished 3-room apartments, with
private baths, steam heat, electric light,
elevator, gas ranges; J3O-5-S5-J3T-I4O up>
! ET. LOUIS. 1873 Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-9
rooms; also single; furnished or unfurnlshad;
: marine view references. Phone East 1351V
ROOMS TO LET— Ftir-u aod Dnfnr-.
A— ST. CECILD APARTMENTS,
115 Fell, near Van Ness ave.
Are you satisfied wber« you are? If not. >
make a visit to the beautiful St. Cecile
I Apartments. They are undoubtedly tbe most
elaborately furnished apartments in San
Francleco. with Eteam beat, electrio lights,
¦ hot w-ater. electric elevator, private baths.
Prices for the summer reduced $30 up.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 A>TD 117 EDDT ET.
115 AND 117 EDDT ST.
; MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS: 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
6UITS WITH BATH. (1 50 to $2 50 PER
DAT; SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AHO NIGHT. . TELEPHONE
SOUTH 1041.
ASHWORTH HOTEU
S-0 Mason st.. bet. Geary and O'Farreil.
Rooms with or without private bath.
New addition Just completed: entire hoUM
newly renovated: sun In rooms all day.
I 'AURORA, ccrr.er Second and Folsom st*. — New
house, new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny: prices from $1 60 per
week up; this is the only up-to-date bouse la
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth »t.— Rooms
25c to f 1 per night, fl 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "T_e Almonte," STS Market st. <or No. 1 ;
Fifth st.) — Rooms. -3c. KOc. 51. $1 50 night;
(1 50 to 110 week; house open all night. .
! A NEWLY furnished sunny front room, suit-
able for man and wife; also single rooms for
gentlemen. 312 Mason St.. near Geary.
I BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
i niched rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
I BUSH. E19 — Single room; private; gentleman.
j BUSH. 1006. corner Jones — One nicely turnish-
< ed single rooms; bath and telephone In house.
j CALIFORNIA. 632— Neatly furnished room.
J CALIFORNIA. 1855 — Unusually desirable fur-
• nished or unfurnished rooms; electric light
and free phone. West 1173.
i CAPP. 816 — Large sunny furnished room to
let: with or without board; private family.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened: desirably located; sunny single rooms
and sailes, with private baths, bot and cold
water, dura heat, electric lights, p— one every :
room; elevator. Phcne East - 1517 -If desired.
EDDY, 4S6 — Nicely furnished rooms, with
bath, at $6 monthly upward.
I EDDY. 732 — Sunny suite, large rooms; fur-
nlFhefl or unfurnished; carpets; large closet
1 and lavatory: hot and cold water; gas grate,
bath, phone; board optional: reasonable.
' ELLIS. 820— Sunny single front room: rent $?. •
i ELLIS. 477 — A large front room, f 15 per
month.
ELLIS. 611— Nicely furnished, sunny front
euite; also single rooms. Phone Sutter 3671.
FIFTH. 2* — Furnished roonn.
FIFTH. 35— Rooms to let.
TOLSOM. 523 — Large room; gas, bath; suit-
able 2 gentlemen: private.
j __ .
j FOR tting:e gentleman. In private borne (no
othe; roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath adolnlng: 4 blocks from
park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624, Call office.
! FILLMORE. 131ft— Furnished single rooms;
gentlemen only; $4 up. -; ~
¦ FRANKLIN. SOI— _ bright, sunny unfurniih'd
rooms; gar; no bath: cheap.
j FULTON. :)03— Front surny room for two
gentlemen; rent reasonable. •
! FULTON 442— FurniEhed room to let.
i " . ¦ , .
! FULTON. 442^ — Furnished sunny front room;
five minutea from City Hall; phone; reas.
i GEARY. 402, cor. Mason — Furnished rooms for
i gentlemen. $2 per week and upward.
GEARY, 600 — Newly fur. sunny front rms,;
homelike, piano, bath*, kitchen: other rms.
i GEARY, C75 — Newly furnished suite. $5 per
week; gentlemen only.
GEARY. 141S— Sunny rooms; pleasant home.
Box 315& Call.
I
1 GEARY. 1419 — Nicely furnished front room for
one or ,
! GOLDE!*-' ttATE?Vave., 521— Furnished rooms
to leiv r&scn&bfc.
GOLDEK'gAtE ave.. 1C20 — 2 or 3 sunny un-
furniahrd .fcocm^;. phone: all conveniences.
GOLP-.K r 4 * v '" H20 $4 — Furnished
rowmj l «p 1 r;?.
GRAND iKK/.'rn, 7th and Mission — Rooms 3,"Vc
to *1_25 rijKt: $1 50 to 16 wk. ; 'reading-room.
GRAST ave., 7 — Nicely furnished, sunny rooms
suitable for two; «2 50 to tS week. "
GUERRERO. SI. near Market — To rent, one
or two bright, sunny front rooms in pri-
vate family; furnished.
HARRISON. 784^, near 4th— Finely furnished
eunny rooms; bath; homelike; $1 week up.
HARRISON. 1H4» near Seventh — To let; nicely
furnished U.rge room, gas and bath.
HAYES. 4S1— Bay-wlndow front room and
< kitchen; bath, gas; private family.
(HYDE. 10— Nicely furnished sunny front room
; for one or two gentlemen.
« , ______
j HYDE. C84 — Nice sunny room and bath.
' JACKSON, 1175, cor. Jones— Furnished or un-
furnished runny rooms; private family; ref-
erences.
i ' i
JESSIE. 441 — 2 sunny rooms to let.
JONES. !'.:'. (The Saphlre) — Elegantly furnish-
ed rooms, en suite or single; all modern 'Con-
veniences. - |
LAFAYETTE. II— Furnished rooms to let:
suitable for single gent. ;~-vV -
LARKIN. £12B — All kinds of elegant rooms for
rent for $10 only.
LEAVEXWORTH. 3C9— Large sunny room, f 14.
LEAVENWORTH. 1007— A large sunny well-
furnlshed alcove; also 2 eunny single rooms.
LEAVENWORTII 1118A — Sunny furnished and
unfurnished rooms; running water, etc.;
phone Larkln 4733. -
LEXINGTON ave.. 116 — Furnished rooma.
MARKET. 1016 — Large front rooms; alco other
rooms. $1 25 a /week up. " -
MARKET. 1032—2 i rooma. . with gas and coal
stove; »12. • ¦ ¦
MARKET. 1235— Front suite for light house-
keeping, and single room. ¦
MARKET. 1S44. opp. 7th—^-Furnished sunny
rooms on 'first floor, suitable for offices; busi-
ness location^ rent reasonable. . •
MASON*. 213*4— Nice eunny outside room*, f 2
cer we«k; clean, quiet place.The San Francisco Scottish Thistle
Club gave* a' tattle and finnan haddie
supper at Laurel Hall! 32 O'Farrell
street, last night. The affair brought
together many of the old time mem
bers and a -good time was.'had. ¦ '--'¦"'¦
Thistle Club. Civics Supper.
Dr. J. R. Dykes, U. S. N., Is at the
Occidental.
J. A. Campbell, a mill man of Port
Blakeley, Is at the Palace.
Homer Loring, a prominent resident
of Boston, is at the St. Francis.,
S. N. Griffith, head of the electric
company in Fresno, Is at the Palace.
E. W. Gillette, general passenger
agent of the Salt Lake road, and wife
are at the Palace.
Misses Maud and Ella O'Connor left
yesterday morning for an -extended
tour abroad. The three . remaining
O'Connor girls will \ follow them in
about a week or ten;davs. • ' t
Major S. K. Hooper, general pas
senger agent of the: Denver and Rio
Grande road at Denver, who attended
the meeting j of j the Transcontinental
Passenger j Association- in Santa; Bar
bara, arrived here yesterday and is at
the Occidental.
PERSONAL.
board of directors of the Pacific Jupiter Steel
Company from selllne stock upon, which an
assessment had not been paid.- The Injunction
was Issued on complaint of B. K. Michaels
and other stockholders, who claim the assess
ment was literally levied.
The programme to : be .rendered . by
the Golden -¦ Gate Park - Band ; to-day
will "consist of the following selections:
"Star-Spangled < Banner'.';. •' march,
"Yal» Boola";' overture, ."Alphonse a
Estrella"; , waltz, /flute
solo by Signor A. Lombardo;' fantasia.
To-Da.y's Music at the Park.
Students from Berkeley and Stan
ford universities debated at the Al
hambra Theater last night until the
unprejudiced portion of the audience,
which was in the minority, did not
know its own mind on the subject un
der, discussion. '
The question was: "Resolved, that
in cities of the United States of. over
40,000 inhabitants a system of munic
ipal § government "concentrating ' exec
utive and administrative power in the
Mayor, should -be adopted." V
.The affirmative side of the question
was maintained by the Stanford team,
while the men ; from across the bay
stood for the negative.
; President David Starr. Jordan pre
sided, while Judge Lucien Shaw,
Judge Morrow and . Commissioner J.
A. Cooper were the judges.
' At the conclusion , of ' the debate the
judges " awarded the decision • to the
Stanford men.
The winners were presented with a
cash prize of •$ 100.
Berkeley Men Lose to Students lYom
Palo Alto in Well Argued
Contest.
'Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Stewart,
l3> S. A., retired, noted warrior and
classmate • of Sherman, Rosecrans and
Hancock, passed away at his home, 1507
Walnut street, this morning at the ad
vanced age of S3 years. Death was due
to complications resulting from old age.
Colonel Stewart was* graduated from
West Point with the class of '42, and
was the second oldest living alumnus
of the academy. His classmates .were
three' men that . afterward were num
bered among; the nation's heroes—Sher
man, Rosecrans and Hancock. He first
saw service!' during: the, Mexican war,
when he fought with the First Artillery
Regiment under General Zachary.Tay
lor. Aftr the war he was sent with his
command: to" the very; outposts of the
country,' having at various times been
stationed k at Alcatraz .Island, Fort
Point, - Fort Canby, Fort \ Macon. Alex
andria, Sitka and Fort Hamilton.' 1 He
distinguished himself against the Nez
Perce and Bannock Indians; while sta
tioned . at- Fort '; Canby, Oregon, and : it
was there that he Was raised to the
rank of lieutenant colonel. ,T
Colonel Stewart retired from active
service in 1879 and has since \ lived In
Berkeley.
' Nine children sur\'ive Colonel Stew
art—Joseph Stewart of ': . ' Berkeley,'
Colonel William F. Stewart of Fort
Williams, Mrs. J. : M/i Patterson . of : San
Francisco, ¦ Helen ; E. : Stewart of Berke
ley, 1 E;;j. Stewart 'pit Mrs. F.
C. Martin of Sutter- Creek, Josephine
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
1 2148 Center Street, April 23.
DEBATERS FROM STANFORD
i / ARE AWARDED A VICTORY
A. Stewart of Berkeley and Alice Stew
art of Berkeley.
The remains will be "buried with mili
tary honors at the Presidio next Mon
day afternoon. X. '-?-:•
"Martha" ; overture. f^tj*jtaymond'' ;
grand American . fanty.ai^y^'C^eisha";
"A Hunt in the Black Forest," and se
lections from "Carmen."
FAMOUS INDIAN
FIGHTER JOINS
NATION'S DEAD
Mrs. Alexander Injured.
Mrs. William Alexander, wife of
Tt*v. William Alexander, . dean of the
San Anselmo Theological Seminary,
was thrown from a Valencia-street
car yesterday afternoon as she tried to
board it at Powell and Market streets
and was badly bruised. The aged
woman was taken to the Emergency
Hospital, accompanied by her hus
band, and later removed to a private
hospital by her son. Dr. Alexander.
DEATH CALLS STEPHANIE.
Baroness di Gallotti Succumbs to 111
ncss ln Lcadville, Colorado.
LEADVILLE, Colo., April 23.—Ste
phanie, Baroness dl Gallotti di
Napoli, daughter of Signor Ghll
lardi of Milan, Italy, and a second
cousin of the late Queen Victoria of
England, is dead ln this city.
The Baroness was born in Milan in
1S40. When 14 years of age she was
married to Baron dl Gallotti, with
whom she lived happily for many
years. In 1S55 the Baron was exiled
for political reasons from Italy, and a
few years later the couple came to
America. The Baroness was possessed
of a beautiful voice, and in the straits
to which they had been reduced she
found It necessary to use her talents
to raise money. She toured the country
with the leading Italian grand opera
companies in the early sixties. The
Baron died in Denver in 1874. He had
received a letter from the King of
Italy canceling the order exiling him
from his country. The sljock produced
by the Joyful tidings caused his death.
In 1873 the Baroness married Charles
H. Tanner, who was then an attorney
in Denver, and In 1880 the couple came
here, where they have resided ever
since. As age overtook them they
found it more difficult to acquire funds
for living expenses, and frequently suf
fered from want. " V*-"~\ r
Dies .Very Suddenly.
OAKLAND. April- 23. — Charles
Frederick Johnson, a carpenter, died
last night at his -home,' 1308 Wood
•street, after a very brief illness. "He
was aged 52 years. The deceased
leaves a wife. An Inquest will be held
to determine the cause of death.
ENJOINS DIRECTORATE.— Judge Murtslcy
1 <$ csttrday issued an Injunction restraining the
General Manager Chapman of the
United Railroads had no news to give
out. When he heard the result of the
vote in the meeting he asked about the
number of men present and was ap
parently pleased to know that less than
half a thousand had attended. He said
th* company had nothing to say and
would await the decision of the men
with perfect confidence that no strike
would be voted.
W'h^n the vote was put by President
Cornelius most of those in the meeting
prose to their feet to shout "Yes.
When a call for "Xo" was asked for
not a single voice responded. The vote
was on the question whether or not
the union should indorse the recom
mendation of the executive committee
that the terms of the company should
be rejected entirely.
. International President Mahon had
nothing to say last night after the
meeting adjourned. "It's up to the
men," he said, "and the ballot will de
termine the question on Monday. The
public knows as much about it as I do.
I made no recommendation and merely
stated the facts in the meeting to
night. None of the officers of the or
ganization has tried to influence the
men in word or deed. They are to be
the so*? judges of the issues involved.
Monday night will tell the tale."
Outwardly he was non-committal,
but between the pauses of his spoken
words it was evident that he did not
believe the company wished to deal
fairly with its employes. He made no
positive recommendations and told the
members of the union that they should
judge fairly on the issue and vote ac
cordingly, but at the close of his
speech he warmed up and gave a
strong indorsement to the action of the
uninns executive committee in advising
a rejection of the terms offered.
Following him came Local President
I'khard Cornelius, who really indorsed
the remarks of Mahon and refrained
from any recommendation. Various
members of the organization spoke
Theneaftpr and there was not one
speaker who failed to denounce th«
i-mpany for its treatment of its em
ployes and counsel a strike. Antag
onism to the United Railroads met al
ways with ready applause. Toward the
« lose of the meeting the crowd was
« heeling madly as member after mem
br,r arose and expressed his belief that
the terms offered by the company
thould be rejected by the men.
ALIi VOTE TO REJECT.
INDORSES COMMITTEE
Meeting Has Xo Dissenting
Opinion Regarding Alleged
Wrongs of the Company
¦
Five hundred of the 2300 employes of
the United Railroads gathered at the
headquarters of the Carmen's Union
at 210 O'Farrell street last night and
unanimously indorsed the recommend
ation of the executive committee of
the organization that the terms "offered
by the company for a settlement of the
troubles between it and the union shall
cot be accepted.
As many members of the union as
could crowd into the narrow precincts
of the hall were present. Before the
call to order was made the seating ca
pacity had been- exhausted and every
possible inch of standing room was oc
cupied. On the platform vrere Inter
national President Mahon. local Presi
dent Richard Cornelius and two other
©facers of the organization.
TVhen the meeting had been called
to order by Cornelius, Mahon stepped
forward without the usual introduction
and stated to the meeting the result of
the conferences between the represent
atives of the union and those of the
United Railroads. There was no ora
tory in h>s speech and nothing but a
dry chronicle of the result of the con
ferences and the vote of the executive
Commit tcee. He explicitly stated that
}\e had no recommendations to give,
and merely wished the men to under
stand that the terms offered by him
were the best he could get from the
company after weeks of pleading.
FIVE HUNDRED -PBESEXT
Carmen Unanimously Vote to
Sustain Executive Com
mittee's Recommendation
REJECT TERMS
IN ONE VOICE
THE -SAN FRANCISCO CALL,. SUiNUAl, XfKiL 24; 1904
48
TO DEr^AY BUYING IS UN-
PROFITABLE.' V
San Francisco fund values In-
crease rapidly.
Road tlie Real Estote . bar-
gains to-day and decide. V
¦V *^t«R>VEBTISEMENTS.
-•¦•««>• • • "• • • * ».» • • •'• •' •••»••• •*•?»»» •»»»«¦«
'-•'¦« * m !
fAri Apology
UI U11U KU U1U J
-.-, The. result of last night's special sale of
curtains was astonishing— beyond our wild-
est- expectations. We had an enormous
stock, on handi but this supply lasted but
one half hour. We were then compalled to
take orders for "future delivery."
We beg; to ;apologiz3 for delays and in-
convenience' to our customers and we will
deliver the "future ord?rs" at the earliest
possible moment. Those who were notable
to get waited upon may have their orders
filled Monday. '
057 to 977 Market Street
IIALE'S. | HALE'S. V , HALES: | : HAIR'S. T [. '. IT\UZ>S. .:.,'; ! UAI^S. _
$We&^^^^^^^^^^^~~^^^^ With a surface smooth, hard and adhesive. (This is the kind that doesn't crack L^C6 CurtfliOS, Rll^5
* ! ' J^y^v^^^^^^^^^^^^^' Extra care is taken to see -that every piece is chemically pure. • cHlu VViriQOvV
like to set an idea for a sum- - ,, " _ ' ' '¦' ~*^ "Ull'i'li Here's a part of the list:
frock. While you are think- w . r\ • . • f-v % J~+ •« w-^ « -'•« -w -w r ,_ • _
zr^£ E rr Lower Prices in Such Good Enameled Ware !^~£ii£&i:
natrnr sharlr«s in mfrrprircH rnt / - ( ' terns ar * ln neat 'tripes. They wear well
F«B"t aim-uca i.i uiiin-iiiLu tui - _^ ¦ .,.;i,. ',,,* r and look dainty and summery when
tons With no anxiety about sell- |^ /Vl/\Cf" \*r /> f^t O f* \Z~ *M W% I <Cl draped on the bedroom or cottage windows.
If it's a silk how proudly one A , ... , , , . , r , „ , ' , .. . r „• -^ , Curtains $I.9 O .
of the silk men will unfold the — And likely to be taken advantage of by all who hear of it. cheapest of all just now. Do you know that some of these r>oren patterns one prade of Nottingham
pongees. "No you needn't buy; Think of us selling better Berlin saucepans at 29c than you can prices are less than dealers pay in the East, to say nothing of "rd^on"' Skif a a nd d S^FSZn'ccni
here are samples; compare them . , „, ,. , . . , , . , the cost of frpio-ht nut hpr<»' ) Sonip nf thpm will liW«»lv want to ten: narrow to medium wide strip**;
with what else vou see" get in the city at 55c. These 12c lipped saucepans cant be had , . ine co f z oi.ireignt our nere. some ot tnem will iiKeiy want to mostly MclU3lve deslEns: BOm e tor the
\t V ¦!' * -i . / . '- , , y buv Of US NO' Well hold the Stuff for VOU We mav not be Parlor or library, others for the dinlni-
Mavbe its silverware— same under 25c after th s special lot is sold. Same is true of the 60c "?? 7 : ¦. "^* . < N °' ! X u ??'• 1 v S°^ and t***^»^- V!Uue * 250 •»«
freedom, same at-homencss here. ., F , able to hold it the week out? However, we think we wont run ?2.=s. .•• ; ..
Look as long as you like. Get nc e boilers at 38c, and 45c saucepots at 25c, and coffee pots and out of anything before Tuesday night. If you write to-day you'll Window Shades 30c.
as closely acquainted with the bread raisers and so on. Qualities you would least expect to likely to 4 be able to get what you want— best not to trust your * opaque. 11*1,1 medium and dark men
gOOOS as you can. i\O embarrass- £ j hnro-ii'n Ar1iVl<»<; mn<;f- <;pikfnrtorv nf nil to liuv and I OrrW tn tliA mail " *° d Un ' 36x " 8 Inches lonr. mounted on
xnent— when you leave you 11 feel a ai a Dar & a i n - Articles mobt saiisiaciory oi an to L>uy anu oraer to tne mail. % i 5 . 1G BpTlng rollers; also cord, brackets,
like coming back. "They are so - . ~ . , including pole.
n i e f it s a sut we go to aii extra 25c Lipped Saucepans at 1 2c Berlin Saucepans, 29c An s$gk
pains we can in altering and fit- Half as cheap as they usually are and twice as good as the com- Our regular price is 45c. We don't know where else you can get tW^serviceaWe 'sizes' cranite art gqUir ***
ting and trying on (getting the mon kind. For remember they are double coated; ordinary size, 2 l / 2 in the city under 55c, and yet here they are to-morrow at 29c. Not » x iou feet-13'75
best tailors we can) k in order to quarts. - the poor cheap kind, either, but double coated— the best there are— 4 qt. 9x12 feet— S4.25. "
more than satisfy you — to make Size, with cover. Two new designs, one In scroll, the other
you feel it wasn't just your 35c Coffee Pots at 2oc. 45c Saucepots at 25c." 20c Milk Pans 15c. Bread Raisers 95c. 5u 8 t Or the nt fh.n^ r fo e r r tS t 5«55£ 1 i£»? IItef;
money we were after. Double-coated, too — doubly good. The Ordinary 6-at ones with two side r»~ ki * j '"u lL 10-qt.. with enameled covers. This is
If you are tired— here are kind it would pay you to buy even at 35c. , ,,/?"' , w V 1 • 1 Double coated, best there are— 4- something we never heard of before. You
restroomr. How it will so now at 20c. l^qt. size, handles., double-coated; the K»nd quart size are in the habit of paying $1.75 for them. Trimmer! Milling*-*/
If you are ill— here is a nurse. Wash basins 18c; double coated. >' ou wouldn t expect to find at half- ¦ . Tea kettles. No. 6 size, 69c. * lliiiUJCU IMUIUICI y
If you are in a hurry— here is Coffee pots, 4-quart 40c double P rice - " 60c Rice Boilers at 38c. Covered pail buckets 49c; 6-quart There are the coveted hats. Per-
a messenger to have your parcel coa ted ' t^ , size. haps the first to capture your at-
home likely as soon as you are. R a ct;n,T c nn nn« o. t , ; nr u Coc RinsillCT Pans . iJouble-coated— remember that. It Jelly cake pans ioc; 9 and 10 inch tention this week will be these
Yes. a thinking store indeed. lasting spoons 9^ i4-«ncli. , f o, isn't- the quality that you usually get size. $10.00 dress hats, of which we have
where thinking women like to Ob'ong stove pans 49c; 91/2x14 in. Bargain of the rarest sort. at a bargain. When this special lot Berlin saucepans, with cover, 90c; at least 200 and no two of them
meet. Here merit counts— not Straight saucepots 98c; big 10- Best double-coated pans, almost is gone we will have to get 60c. V/2- 10-quart size. alike; the best styles and the finest
"special" prices; not tricks or <l uart oncs with two side handles. half-price. 12-qt. size. quart size. Straight saucepots, 12-quart, 75c. materials.
Good goods means more than A cf Ati«cliSn/v \lilii£±c? 5 -g-t HP* «-¦ -rcr#i *•,£* French Sailor Hats$i.$o.
,.,-.„ «V,;~1. it A~ .- u • /-% *•* B fl III 0 Vk 11 g HI \J \<*y\ 111 f"^^ 1 E I I 1 Tl W/ Z^% ¦ I-* They're of pretty straw braids made ra
3OU think it does if you haven t <- IT\.k3 %*\J I 1 1*31 1 I I 1 4^ *•!* '¦¦¦• HI TrCll W a wire frame, all eood colors— red. white,
made a purchase at Hale's. • o -,.. 1 n r- ,¦ , ir\ nr\ , ¦. ow «« , ~ black, brown, navy, pink and purple.
p L. ? 2^c dishpans at 12c, 25c lipped saucepans at lOc, 20c colanders at 9c, 20c dustpans at 9c, and so on. ' Wire Frames 15c.
Corset Notice Kitchen articles of: every day use that every housewife needs and that every housewife will likely buy when she sees the prices, all of ' An thls season's best shapes. No mat-
¦vx- 1 j * • . lhc m much less than we can sell them regularly for. . . *,£ " &i y J"£ TS^SS™? JS em
Up arp trlan tn r>nnr ioc. we sola out the nrst lot of them
<wt j,j<iu i»j yum.. Copper Bottom Wash Boilers. 90c — i Bread or Cake Pans. 35c — Japanned, 20c Colanders at 9c — Heavy tin, 10- QBC/» Qinlr Q«-i*airtAt*<= of 1Q/- last w *« k ln one da y- bonder how long
TUT" 7\ r r* 1 Regular price $1.25. They're I 11-in. size (with hinged cover). in. size. . -£OV* OlHK OirainerS at IOC these will last?
1\11SS JuCLaUlej'j large Xo, 8 size, with .tight-flt- ] 25c Lipped Saucepans, 10c — Good 20c Dustpans, 9c — Japanned, heavy Mrs. Vrooman's — That every -* •-*• '*¦
fllSLZii ~ ting covers. * We iiave had them I block tin; 6-qt. size. . - tin, strong and extra heavy. one knows and recognizes as
j L.orseiicrc, once or twice, before as low as | 25c Dishpans at 12c. Best pansy They won r t bend. the best and as a kitchen ne- D,~, r -» XT:«.U^- C! 1. 1 — +~ -
Opens a two weeks en- this, but they didn't last long. large, deep. 10-qt. ones. **] Canisters. 3 0c— Japanned. 5^x6 in.. cessity. They re blue enam- DOVS lNlSTlT OllirtS!
1 Garbage Pails. -95c — Heavy galvan- 65c Bread Raisers at 38c — 10-qt. with hinged covers, for flour, eled. They're sold everywhere
gagement to-morrow. ized iron. 14x17 in., with covers. ones, with cover.. I sugar, etc. at 25c; for this kitchen sale, 13c. "WlfldSOr TlG^
Any one after corset com- _ ,_ r "" ~Z r ~ ~ ' __._. . ~ Z~ t> , i •
If^itt!^^ Women's Voile Costumes Wash Dress Goods
to maan- San Francisco coveted at the present Champagne shades in mercerized novelties above all others. had what the boys want,
women." Some of them -^Jj, t* Here are the first five patterns .we have been able to get this sea- Golf shirts,
have been asking us if she .:$$$& ie ' A ... * , , son - Women all over the country are so anxious for it that the And white dress shirts,
wasn't coming back They MW? ' '¦ —And for which you wouia mills are weeks behind on their orders. We don't believe there And the prettiest lot of
wanted her to fit their ' expect to pay not less than is anything prettier for a frpek or shirt waist. The figures are cravats for the little fellows
friends '«§Sttv- '¦ $22.50 (that s the _ least we ye, < small and WQven {n . so lid colors. 40c yard. you can find.
is an enthusiastic ~&k<3 known of dresses like these sell-. This crepe primrose is a light filmy stuff; on the white grounds are Underwear, of course,
lnv^r nf TT^r T irivcriin r^r *ZX ing for tins season), good for- fine black pin stripes, over which are coin dots here and there. 40c yard. Two specials to clinch the
io\er 01 lier uaciysnip j«^^k tune sends us quite a few to sell Cotton etammes. It's the woolen idea and fully as dressy as the r art - r
set. ror in all ncr experi- JjESSsiiSavk. *• woolens; .cream and dark colored grounds, smalr, unconventional de- ia^ LJ - . . ; -
ence she hasn't found a cor- ffl68$&®sM& ' A J- £t» d M m 7 P* signs * 20c - vard - .- Boys' 50c Night Shirts 39c.
set that SO fullv meets AT 314. / J mr > «W P W?£ n^Tt\ CS l f ° r cvenin S frocks and costlimcs - Designs are Muslin, fancy embroidered fronts.
,,.„„ wr.mnn'c r.o/,Ac JC U^t- M^ ¦ ¦ • ¦ mostly large floral Ideas. 40c. B n k stitched collar and cuffs. 44 In.
t\Li\ wunidii b nctub as lier HS^Sl^Si • Outing cloths, heavy enough to make you think of coverts and yet long, roomy. Sizes 12 to 14. Never
Ladyship. I wl^S^ISPl Three styles- blouses eton light enough for the warmest day wearing. It's wonderful how pretty before sold at less than 50c.
° jfiSKiraSl hlonses and* olain trim ' etons— lh ey can make them and yet use only the colors that the sun and dust 25c Boys' Windsor Ties I7C.
SiimmPf llnHom^oH fiMizSsFmjf ,, , se ,, plain trim etons won't hurt. Green, blue, gray and tan grounds. 20c. "•> " , ,„ , fJ /
JUmnicr UnaerWcar flBR3BBffl^r blacks, blues and golden browns. if you want :i value, could you want anything better than this dotted Pretty line of silks, plaids, checks
£ \\T / MmEtt3&F$S? l '^ Some wi'li shoulder canes some Swiss at 12c? The fame identical goods we have been selling up to yester- a ? d , smpes: solid colors in blups.
IOr Women. / vSwm^"^ r Slioumer capes, some day at lfi 2Oc and 25c d Home of th ]ots b than others, so all V iz ? ks - h , te f red , s; lr " fa , ct - a11 *%
UM1VU< X . tmBBBS " ot - Soiilc with collars, some not. the lines that are too lonp or too short R o out to-morrow at this rather sen- (-'°l° rs: £?" Ien 5 l , h / and always sold
These new balloon suits at 50c vSBBBiml Some with little black braid vests- sational price— 12c. And almost no end of the different colors and pat- at 25c. lhree of them now for oOc.
arc nerhaov the most comfort- f i!^ l&EflBSKi r c , u A I terns. If you com* before they K et picked over you will certainly find some- n
arc pernapt, int most comtort- t\\^X I»kSg^ some fancy. Some have buttons and thing to suit your fancy. V V
able oi all summer garments yet y |ffi^&a braid trimmintr some nlain Heather suitiaes 10c; worth ]5c. Pretty enough and heavy enough for D«J OU *
brought out. Thev re in white / /S^fl^^ », trimmng, some plain. outinR suits; ,some with figures, some with circles, some with Dres- DCU Sheets.
lisle xhreTKA u.ith inw iierl.-^ tin I^SJ^^ All the jackets have Silk lining, den stripes. . *-"^v* fc_>**v.wvo.
,lccvc. kneejengthsr^h a 'tor? MIA A " UlC "^ 7 S.SS d o? 0 £-chSS C !f?r,S d £Z*ll& %T & Still low prices.
chon lace flounce; sizes 4, 5 |£r5 SSKkV They arc fixed up to suit every Goods of .standard every-day merit. Some folks ask I2V2C. We don't. .Notwithstanding' market
«£6. ' . . Ji^^^k fancy and with fashion's fullest ap- . PJen h^ rr ° y f Tr^them.^ ***»"* at 6y.c and 8 l-3c. but you 'will have to conditions .
in.. re fLirJ --? SUUS> a ' /SSSlKmmkmm, proval We wonder ourselves that rf7~l nil 1 J.V. l-fc j.j. Even a bargain now and
Biloon^'Jwcrs, another of the Mk WfiBsBSfc such" stylish favorite dresses- at the If S VOlleS That Make the Pretty then like this!
popular summer garments: of height ° f lh ° SCaS ° n can offcrcd CZ***^*-*-.^^. r*^^4-l* *-*,
ribbed white cotton, knee length, J^S^^lKflfSW^S^ al SUCh a J ° W pri ° C - Oil 1X11X1 CT L/OStUIlieS OZC
umbrella lace flounce; 3 styles,. ' WgSBBSHSSwMiM^ The lo ' 1? wi " tCr in UlC Ea5t haS There arc enough variations in the weaves to suit any fancy. Here's Full double bed size 2%x2%
25c. 35c and 50c. mSBSmSKmBRSBBar^^ spoiled the spring business there. a f me so f t mcsh onc> as t hiri as paper and as soft as silk, but a dollar >' ards ' made ,. lr ° m a ,.S ood
rancy ; imported vests 50c; in -= .^^^jjiip niv Now they are looking to sunny Cali- a y,ard. 42 inches wide. -' grade of muslin. 60c quality,
slrctcs" vokes^ liamT crocheted fornia for an outlet. No one looks Another is as fine as chiffon and yet full of French style, 40 inches Hale's I
Pi 'infam U s ?> " tests and ,Jj lack - ' to Hale's in vain. another like an etamine, quite wiry, quite dressy, black and Economy Sheets.
white, open in' front,' finished Candv Offers 1ST /&? CO }? r -^ c an ? onIy ya f r , d / 38 in^ e , s - Doubly strong through the
with silk binding, covered seams, _ 7 n n Mf HM/ 'Jr\!l r **\ f ancy M v . olIc nOtl ? mg COuld b f e center. Here's where most
pearl buttons; sizes 6 months to Gum drops at Sc lb. lie same Km^sX^L^SjKr/ iTTTT", /M/ >*WK^^«=» prettier than this one in swivel ef- sheets give out first. Here's
2 years. lar S c sugar-coated ones that you NSgWWtflggg^Hy fj&r/ /&EsS&*^ (?£SmS&*. lccts - where a white thread is thrown %v hcre these give out last. No
MlSSes' 25; Summer Un- candies; very fine fggff /Mfff (&&SS&0 VZg£&r i^g^T ' rhc fan .f ie:)t , of ail is this day 6 use!' a°nd \io^!ace\)
, , , , ¦ cream chocolates and fruit choco- Ij^I /"( -**— M , "'" > im^^f Iishnct voile, a beautiful sheer fabric, t i irm y.... at Halp'«;
derwear at 16C. lates . 25C lb. ¦ • M& all the newest shades. $1.50 a yard! ™_"" t ,
Ribbed whito cotton vests «nd California glace fruit 35c box. The €J®%j£&E£^^ Another close member oUthe voile c -t £>' -„ c— 03x00
rants; v^ts with hiph nocks, lonp or bo.xes have burnt wood designs char- ¦ ¦ iHI ||| mi ini Wl|JJ| imm u^ family is this silk-and-wooJ/crepe de O:>c '- x^° /OC— 01x90
gSL£ oi US! va,u= 5 oc • Marke t : Street. Near Sixth, San Francisco. Z™ S£g£ ¦£&&kr a < 0 ' 7 '
ADVERTISEMEHTS.
?g£fi? : \
KedaV Developing snd Printing at Cut Rates.
I ran ta\* you a considerable amount
of money and a preat d«al of time If you
will i»end your kodak d^velopln* and print-
Ins to m*. I make a specialty of this
wr>rk and am tiiorouphly equipped for it.
Here are a few price*:
DEVELOPING.
Roll cf 6 IOcIRoJI of 12 15c
PRINTING.
Bollo finish.. Sc to 6o!V«-lox finish.. 3c to «c
1 carry ell popular 6lied DATLIGHT
I/5ADINO FILMS at my usual low prices.
Mall order* promptly filled.
All kln<iB of cameras repaired at moder-
ate prlceb. W@*t
JOO VWtinR: Cards. Post Paid, 50c
Correct .Stylrs and Siw*. Also
BuEln»-?-s and Professional Cards •
THAT MAX PITTS ¦
F. XC. PITTS, the Stationer
1008 Mm-kct Street, Above Powell
SAX FRANCISCO