The Sunday Call MagazineThe capital of Quelparte was^rrayed
in its 'barbaric best. Even by night
arid without other light than that of
the, moon, the 'holiday attire % *of the
heathen city i was spectacular. I could
hardly stay on my weak little pony,
and but for my companion's afrii I
should have fallen to the ground never
to see Kelnnlng;that night. Yet this
sight— a nation /prepared for the fu
neral of a Queen whose corpse I could
not bring to them— stung my heart to
new strength. . ."--;,
' For a "long .distance^ before reaching
the; city had -passed/ by
pilgrims wending their way toward
Keinnlng. Every mouth .wYs talking of
the great celebration, and- those ; who
were silent we're thlnklngV as" "they
trudged- alons' only, of ,the pageant they
were to witness 'at their Journey's end.
The great forms 1 of the I riieri In '_ their
loose- clothes seeiried to occupy all the
"road way, S as" they, swung .along with
giant strides. '.What a' nation of sol
dlers^the Quelpartlens would make!
MeiTof such 'stature are nowhere to be
found in the world, yet their white
apparel exaggerateaT'tlielr. proportions.
But ' their paces : suggest their ¦ Immense
size; and, one after another, they
KEINNING.
CHAPTER XL
the noise of • the Incessant clamor and
crash of the sea where the waves
pounded the' black seawall.
. When Kepneff woke me, his face "was
still dark, for the poor roan knew he
could riot weather that sea, and had to
tell me so. : And I saw at the water's
edge two ponies, saddled. I knew the
rest. • •
; After two terrible days /and nights,
Kepneff 's servant and I reached Keln
riing. ' The first night we slept a few
hours in a deserted hut near a village
where we had. made an unsuccessful
attempt .to purchase new mounts. Our
two little Korean ponies broke down
In the middle. of the afternoon', and we
had pushed on this far afoot ' The sec
ond day our , experience . was similar,
though the ill-fed horses gave way
sooner on the rough; unused road along
the mountain ridges. We walked on.
At last w« stopped on the summit of a
'precipitous ridge and built a fire.. My
man had brought a little rice with him.
and we put it to boil before trying to
push'ori to the nearest village. After
consuming our meager dinner, he went
into the valley to the brooki and after
a long absence returned.
' On a stone by our fire he placed two
freshly baked loaves of Chinese bread.
I was too thankful to question gift or
giver, though nothing could have been
more miraculous to me. Kepneff's ser
vant only smiled. At a> venture I
drew -from my belt a roll of Japanese^
yen arid he weighted them down with
a little stone on the rock beside the
fire.'.and;I felt that hidden eyes were
watching us as we passed away.
V -That afternoon . we procured more
ponies.' and at dusk passed the Imperial
Mausoleum outside of Keinnlng.
Howbeit. TOe'jneff had. not been will-
inpr to admit that ; the. relatives of the
desecrated dead could become Insane
until 1 they knew of the desecration—
and who knew of the destruction of the
Queen's body except its destroyers and
myself? Not one human being! Arid
would I tell— or could they "make me?
In such wise did my thoughts turn
anxiously to those who had won the
game at the temple of Chlng-ling.
KepnefT evidently had no trace of them,
for he told me frankly that all had
been destroyed. I was sure that, had
he any" trace of them, he would not
have spoken in such a way. Evidently
their original plan to get possession of
the Queen's body had been frustrated
by th« sudden advance of the date of
the funeral and by the arrival of Colo
nel LI and 'myself on the scene. But
after that, they had played their
forced hands desperately and well, and
my accidental escape was all that now
stood between them and. complete tri
umph. With an oath I swore into my
wet pillow that I would still thwart
their damnable, helU»h-plot even more
completely than I had already! That
funeral must be postponed, and the de
struction of the Queen's body be kept
a i oral secret! .Here I laughed and
clinched my flst«: the thrill of our wild
game was on me. and I was instantly
caught up in a delirium of daring
courses.
And yet some very sober thoughts
tamo to mo us the day grew brighter.
What of our Russian protectorate? As
I thousht of that phaee of the nffnir
things took on a different color. .It was
one thing to win f com Tuen by post
poning the funeral, but quite another^
thing to nak Colonel Oranoff to pc«t-~
pone the announcement of the protec
torate. It certainly could not be an
nounced when the people • wers just
cheated out of a holiday upon which so
many thousand hearts had been so lorig
and so fondly set. If the pageant were
postponed, Tuen'B men might easily
false the cry that Tuen had, after, all.
"pawed Que!parte. over" with success,
and the proof of it was that there was
no Queen to* bury. , • ' j ' ;
But by the tirne our little boat had
beaten her way into the smooth course
of the Khan I had definitely, resolved
to telegraph Oranoff to • postpone f.the
funeral;' this was the 'important' thing.
Other ..matters must adjust"; themselves
some way. And 'despite - my; mental
'. suffering the hours of quiet. had ;dbne
¦\ybriders for me ; I felt* stronger .than' I
had thought "I could, arid while; Kep
neff. protested : vigorously;: against;- my
'venturing out, I _had my^ way? and i was
soon • striding^ up '.the j main ¦ street v of
Han .Chow toward" the long,', low,^ build
ing to - which : the : zigsag .Hne' L of * tele
graph poles from " Keinnlng' led 'me.^' 1 ";
A boy sleepily, answered ,.". ray' sbout
and I entered' the 1 ! paper door into", a
large room which'. I saw Vat "once was
the operating room. ? '
"Can I send a message to Keinnlng?"
I said hurriedly..
¦The lad stood speechless... A voice in
the next , room spoke asurly mono
syllable, and the boy answered: .
"Yes."
I turned to the table and composed
the following: .'¦;
• "Message carried by Cossacks prema
ture. Am re turning on Dulcette alone.
Postpone funeral indefinitely.-; Martyn."
After rereading, 'I:; rewrote" this ; in
cipher and handed i it to the : man who
" Iiwariied'to EhbcR the nodding head
off the" man's shoulders In my anger.
He was 7 holding the message in his
hands where he lay when I crossed the
room. The boy fled, jj In my. despair I
touched the Instruments, I fondled the
shining little bars. I opened the key
and shut it, each motion being re
corded on the; receiver. .Then the re
ceiver began to sing alone monoton
ously, and then,it stopped for a reply.
Sweat poured from my face, and I
thought of putting my mouth down
and of shouting my. message Into the
Instrument.] Then: I arose, crossed the
room, and kicked down the paper walls.
Cautiously the boy returned with a
man who could explain the situation,
and. from him I learned that V a new
"Minister of Interior" had recently ,
been appointed, and. to satisfy a great
host of relatives halfway down to the.
"eighth joint," even the telegraph ser
vice had to be invaded, capable opera
tors being thrown out and novices put
in* their places. They had held office
a month now, and not a message had
passed over the imperial Quelpartien
telegraph line. All this I learned as I
stormed, out of the building and down
th- straggling. street to the village.
Consider my desperate plight. A
hundred mountainous miles from Kein
ning, and out of connection with it, no
decent horse to ride, and the Imperial
funeral but four days off, not to be
postponed until I could come and de
clare that there was no Queen'e body
to bury! .
It eo happpns to a fellow spmetimes»
(and happily for hla sanity) that fail
ure beepmes so overwhelmingly appar
ent that he -feels he is being led provi
dentially Into paths he would never
¦otherwise have entered. As I ran to
the shore' of the Khan and Ayas being
taken to; th t e Duloette, it was a re
lief to stop and .assure 1 ; -myself 1. that
none of the luckless train of unfortu
nate event* had ; occurred through any
conscious failure ;;bf my own. I could
not 'see 'where I should have done, other
than,that : .I had.donei >Had I not
playeda poor hand" well? . /
These reflections', fortified me tt> meet
Kepneff ; a.nd ? ; his dark face--f or they
had had a fearful night and\were jJH&j
I C taw, at once, . r \6 i hurry ; out " to; sea
'.again. '•_,,. ' : F";:. : ' ¦ '' -'^ ¦'' , ¦:' '¦ ¦ ' ¦¦ '
I stated my," plight-: to \ Kepneff as
clearly as rposslbleVwlthout revealing ¦
my, secrete His": gloomy; ; face^ grew
darker.*. ., He * looked I down/. stream ;; and
asked If I could; hot tgo^by, land. Then
¦ he went land studied ;hls charts and inf
strumerita ; and left! me; alone ' In agony.
•" Day broke,' arid -with* it; came the tide,'
moon-led ' up* the 'great river's t of . Quel
parte—that tide " of . the end of the sea.
As I sat on the "deck *of -the yacht and
stared gloomily before 'me, what I saw
matched my sickening brain. We were
(while the great .< tide of the Yellow
1 Sea was out) thirty feet below the
high-water ; line. -A" thousand slimy
roots lay exposed to view, covered with
black/mud which slid; oft continually
and dropped into, the ' water below. A
thousand, hateful crawling things
were wriggling -back into r the river. 1
Banks f ! of reeking - mud ' lay open' to
view,; sagging, stinking, slinking into*
their own i unfathomable " depths.^ i* The
cavern of "Avefnus has never* been pic
tured . so Lorrible as ; the i; unbared sea
coast arid . river ¦ banks at ¦ the ; Yellow
Sea end of the sea,.. ; ¦< •'
1 Then, silently, a change- came. .Our
"Yes, and the , King will breathe
easier when the body is in that marble
tomb."
. "He will be lucky to get It there, too,
against Tuen's bragging."
"Look at the banners," another cried
out ' suddenly. We had approached,
nearer the city than we knew, and be
side the gate great bamboo poles bore
silken flags announcing the imperial
funeral.' « .
"Oh, see the roof," a third traveler
cried out, at the sight of the green and
red flags and steamers which ran off
westward with the~ evening -breeze. As
with the gates, so with the streets, the
Bell House, the Legations,, the' Marble
Pagoda— flags, streamers, pennons, ban
ners, .were everywhere, . and . my heart
sank lower as I watched each piece of
bunting ; rise* on the freshening 1 wind.
The v words of the countryman con
cerning. Tuen struck' home : hard and
quick, ~ and trebled every fear I had
known. . If alF. these thousands were
talking thus, what would be said when
the announcement of postponement was
made? Yet I knew, Oriental statesmen
were prolific in. excuses, and I; doubted
not for one moment Oranoff *s ability to
meet the n. extremity; Some reason
would be. raked up which would quiet
the people. The King might be taken
ill; we had him, and it surely would bo
"Oh, no; the owners are afraid they
will go insane if the grave* are dis
turbed, and so they,, pay large sums of
money to the government prospectors,
who move along . to ' the next wealthy
man on the list."
For a time there was silence as each
one pondered the matter, now and
then emitting a half cry and groan as
the plight of their poor country came
up before their eyes. - '
"The 'funeral has been lone delayed,"
Borne one put in after a continued si
lence. -
party KepnefTs servant listened tcjd
their conversation, and I asked him ~
what was said. After waiting a mo
ment, he repeated to me each travel*
er's remark In turn.
"We are lucky to get In before th«
robbers are out."
"Yes, the robbers will do bir busi
ness before the great moon haa set."
The speaker looked back at us. and
seemed to feel more safe In our com
pany.
"We might as well b» robbed by
highwaymen as by the rovernment, I
think," put in another of tha band.
Several laughed solemnly.
"Has the government been robbing
you lately?" asked tha first speaker.
"No, but it will get to us In time;
since the Americans found cold In tha
mountains the government has been
sending out men to locate cold mines
around through the country. They
came into Chuila province . last
month. They find out who the rich men
of a province are, and then go to their a
family graveyards x and decide that
there Is a large gold mine on that very
spot." A deep, querulous . growl arose
from each man in the company.
"But they don't dig the graves up for
gold, do they?" //'
Plans having been decided upon, we
went at once to raise the sarcophagus
I am sure we thought frequently of
the enemy by which we were surround
ed and of his plans, but of this no one
bo much as spoke. How old was the
conspiracy? How had it been effected?
Had the conspirators been warned by
confederates who reached Lynx Island
before us? Had it been disconcerted by
the sudden arrival of .Colonel Li? What
was the object of the conspirators in
assisting us to raise the sarcophagus?
These and a score of other questions I
oskfd myself, but. I could give no an
swer. Our success depended, I felt
sure, on the rapidity with which I
could get my Cossacks into this can
yon of Lynx Island. Of them' I was
confident and bo was LI; he did not
mention his own body of horse at this
Juncture cf our affairs, and I did not
anticipate that he would! However, I
fpit like kneeling: to the man. as he
etood there In the, temple, surrounded
by his trembling priests, to ask him to
forjrive ray suspicions of him.
A search for arms was instituted by
Colonel Lf, amd, knowing the thought
fulness of General Ling. I was sur
prised that the search resulted in pro
ducing but two guns. There were per
haps a dczen revolvers at our disposal.
But Ling, nothing daunted, put out his
gentries, who could, at least, give warn
ing when the assault came, and sum
moned all the others within the temple
walls.
Even to the most confused among us
come things were very plain. There
•uas now no longer hope of keeping the
sarcophagus secreted within the tem
ple, for every traitor had looked upon
it, and could find it again wherever
in that subterranean apartment we
mljjht stow It. Any secret there would
be readily unraveled. The only hope
was, then, to obtain assistance from
Nrlihout, drive away the villains, and
carry the earcophagus immediately to
the Dulcette.
Hcr.or and praise to those two brave,
faithful men on that night; not be
cause it was their last night on earth,
but because, brought BUddenly to bay
by the cruel foe so long feared, they
fehowed the stern Etuff of which they
v.cre made. In spite of the many as
perslor.s cast upon their race by the un
knowing world, I remember with awe
the courage of those men, and realize
something cf what millions of other
hearts may be capable of enduring,
though they be oriental and heathen!
Caught once by the deceptive wire
headdress. Colonel Li first determined
to thwart further danger from that
•source, lest there be traitors I still
among us. Accordingly, one by one, the
trembling priests were made to kneel
while their hair was loosened from the
netting where such 6trange 6ecreta
lurk. As the long hair fell down over
the face and shoulders of each, and
testimony of faithfulness to the King
came from lips parched with fear, we
all took heart to make ready a stout
resistance.
Alarm is net so terrible when an
enemy is located and the distance
measured. Despite the peril of our
situation, surrounded as we were in the
little temple of Chlng-llng by the
armed body of treacherous priests who
had been corrupted by emissaries of
the Chinese Prince, our fears were not
i«o acute as hen, for a moment, each
if us looked the other In the eye, a
traitorous accusation on each stern lip.
As our suspicions cf one another
lifted, and we counted a score of men
left witb. and still faithful to, the treas
ure, a great weight rolled from my
heart, and I could Bee that General
Ling and Colonel Li experienced like
relief.
CHAPTER IX.
THE HOLOCAUST.
Copyright, 1S04, by Archer Butler Hul
bert.
All Rights Reserved.
I ¦ did not know what I was asking,
for the storm which had; cc-me down
upon Lynx Island was still raging
over the Yellow Sea, stirring. the mud
bottoms to their stagnant depths.
There was but one way for. Kepneff to
get me to Hah Chow, and that was by
running around the southern extremity
of Quelparte to the mouth of the Khan,
and ascending that river. It was a
desperate "risk, but he knew somehow
that we were at a desperate pass, and
without a -word to me, he Bet' the little
craft Into the teeth of the gale. . By
worrying cautiously, along in the lee of
the islands which lay between Lynx
Island and the mouth of '"the -Khan,
Kepneff, brave mat»,~.neared the- river
as day began to dawn. • -
The tossing of •* the little vessel
caused.me excruciating; palii, and it
was only by bracing myself firmly that
I kept from rolling' upon 'my /injured
arm. ; But when, now and then,, we ran
Into smooth .water, behind the;numer
ous Islands, my thoughts -turned from
myself to the play In which' I was be
coming eo important an actor.
One thing was sure ' now. Dejneff 's
fine-spun theories regarding- one of
those absurd Quelpartien my thS" would
soon be put to the test. There was no
doubt about the destruction of the sar
cophagus and of- the; Queen's body
within it Now, if the myth held good,
the King of Quelparte was to "become
insane and his' dynasty": perish. I
smiled grimly as my thoughts ran on;
while , I , knew every sane . man would
agree with me and against ".' Dejneff
touching his silly belief, I had not ex
pected to precipitate any such actual
test as this! ' " -«i
For a whKe I could : not get; the con
nections of things, and now, and then I
saw that bear again.. But the world
came back clearly to me at last, end I
remembered with r groan the events
of the night previous — or had it all
happened weeks * before? \ 1; remem
bered.Lins^ and /Li, and pondered if
they were really burned 'klive with the
sarcophagun nnd their. faithful priests.
Perhaps, at the last moment, they did
escape, and the imperial 'funeral >, had
long since been celebrated and the Rus
sian protectorate successfully declared.
Or perhaps Ling had attempted to es
cape with the sarcophagus' and had
been cut down swiftly on the walls.
For sc-me reason I felt even now, that
the destruction of the temple, so long
and so cunningly planned, had been
accomplished.
Then suddenly my mind. jumped fev
erishly across the mountains to Kein
ning, whither my Cossacks had taken
that letter to Colonel Oranoff,, In
which I promised to be in Keinnlng
with the Queen's body within two
days! Here I groaned aloud, and, to
my surprise. Captain Kepneff arose
from a chair at the head of 'my berth
and leaned over me.
"If you are ablo, Martyn," he said,
with greatest scr.tlenees, "let us have
an undemanding at once, for with
Colonel Li gone I am under your or
ders. We found you on the rocks last
night while hurrying up to the tem
ple." ;
"Was !t destroyed?" I broke In. .
"Utterly—an^ all within it."
"All?"
"Nothing remains but nehes and the
bones of those cremated."
I groaned alt-ad. A sob broke from
the fa<e nbbve mi. For ft time I could
not answer, and 1 listened. to the flab
by drum that was now starting; out
across the bay again . in search of
devils. But cs I listened my thoughts
ran on to the task now dropped unex
pectedly on my shoulders. I must now
do what Li would . huvo done, and t
tried to think what that would be.
"Will you telegraph to Keinning?"
asked Kepneff, gently.
"Yes. from Han Chow," I said, re
membering Oranoff 's words.
When I regained consciousness I. was
lying in my berth on "the- Dulcette.'
My headswas heavily bandaged,' "'and
I could. not move my left arm. v.I /found
this out by trying to do : so, arid for a
little time I was unconscious again. •.
As consciousness' returned once more,-
I lay. very still, thinking of my strange
dream. For hours, it ?seemed, I had
•been watching a bear walking slowly
over a great meadow of red and white
— the red portion steadily growing larg
er, for. the bear wa3»;bleeding. The
blood \vi»s spreading In" 1 all directions,
and I thought the animal was wounded
in the shoulder. • This reminded me. of
something, but I could not for the life,
of me tell what it, w?.s; I thought I.
wrote It down, Intending to ask Oran
off. The bear went on limping .until
it came to the mutilated' body of a sec
ond bear, whereupon it- arose on its
hind legs, as though crazed' with grief,
and then keeled ever upon [ its back
and lay pawing the air convulsively,,
which set me to laughing. '¦' This woke
me up. ' • V
AT THE5 END OF THE SEA.
CHAPTER X.
This is the second in
stallment of "The Queen
of Quel parley' a novel of
the superstitions of the
Koreans and Russia's
secret intrigue in the
Far East — both of which
have led to the present
war with Japan. This
novel is historically true.
It is more fascinating:
than history because of
the thrilling love story
that runs through it.
You will get it complete
in four installments.
That means a §1 50 book
for 20 cents — an offer
uneqtialed anywhere
The treasure! What of it? I- knew
too well the -answer. There : waan now
no sacred •'sarcophagus. v :.There'"\waJ
now no body of the Queen to bury,
though a nation was preparing "for the
imperial pageant but five days 'off!
And the dynasty — it,, £6o.' was doomed
now with every kinsman of the . late
Queen. '
All this swept over me as I lay. in
utter darkness on the hillside'. Then^
on the land, breeze which came with
the' storm, I heard * the ' clatter -of
horses' hoofs on the distant'hills.
The signal of flame had been given!
My flying column of Cossacks, was off
for Keinnlng— with .that letter 'of { good
news to Colcmel Oranoff. a "' ••" • *
As I lay there, dazed, delayed ex
planations seemed to cc-me to my dis
tracted mind — explanations of all -tho
miscellaneous phenomena which ac
companied the complete triumph of the
emissaries of the ; Chinese Prince Tuenl
Then I thought of the good men^-God
have pity on their darkened "souls!—
who were being burned beside tha
treasure. . . .>' -. "•;•"
The temple of Ching-ling had been
fired.* •
"If I get through it will make your
son a captain. Let us not both die — for
his* sake."
Bo it came about that I attempted the
Journey down the cliffs of Lynx Island
that night, though it was certain, as old
Ling said, whlla he helped me get ready
that I was running a most murderous
•gauntlet. But in my heart I preferred
It to remaining in the temple. In such
times I am quite a coward if I cannot
be In action — many a man has led a
rout because he could not lead a
charge.
As I crossed the court In the dark
ness the nearest sentry was standing
still, listening, and Ling, Li and I
stopped, too. Now and again the
tramping of many feet approached the
wall, retiring immediately, but to re
turn again. It was quite unintelligi
ble to me, but I noticed the men were
anxious that I be gone. I crossed to
the farther wall, where all was Btill.
As the sentry without trudged by to
ward the corner, I sprang upcm a
straw-thatched roof and climbed from
it to the wall, where I lay down, look
ing over. Nothing was audible save
the tread of the returning sentry. His
head was five feet below me. I leaned
further over to add my arm's length
to that of my sword. Unconscious of
his peril, the fool walked under me.
and then sank lifeless to the ground
without a groan.
I fell after him and not an instant
too soon, for at, that moment a form
came quickly to 'the corner and, utter-
Ing & Blngle but piercing exclamation,
fled into the darkness. I stopped once
to listen. All I heard was the sound of
rolling stones started from their places
by iny feet.
But it was not my duty to inquire
into the method of the campaign con
ducted by the besiegers of the temple.
My duty was to get my Cossacks at
the -earliest possible moment, and I
ran on to the crest of the canyon, where
I paused, to breathe before risking my
life on the cliffs below. The hillside
was all rocks. One by one I reached
for them and slid and fell forward to
the next, sometimes with good fortune,
but more often evil. Now and again I
paused in my flight to gain. my breath,
or measure the extent of my latest in-
Jury. V' : '
I must have been more than halfway
down, for I had fallen again and was
lying quite helpless ? where I fell,
watching the lights on the yacht be
low me, when a dull, unearthly roar
sent a million echoes ringing through
the rocky canyon, and reverberating
sharply among; the hills beyond Wun
Chow. A HghC as of a . descending
comet, suddenly lit up the thunder
heads over Lynx Island; then the
dulled glare of burning buildings filled
the sky.
LI. who knew me best, yielded first;
then Ling acquiesced, but inconsolable,
as one could well see. I guessed at a
selfish reason and spoke to him, and
what I said struck home.
"Faugh!" I burst out. partly for my
own encouragement (for Li's sugges
tion would have daunted a more head
strong man even than myself}, "I do
not fear the cowards. Moreover, a for
eigner would fare better in their hands
than a native."
The good man raised his hands to
object, but I would not let him inter
rupt "I can get through if another
can," I continued, "and, c-nce through.
I can quickest get our yacht into ser
vice and reach Wun Chow and- my Cos
sacks."
"But, sir," broke in rough old Ling,
"you are more likely to drop dead in
your tracks once over the wall."
"As well dead there as here," I said.
as gruffly, i
"Or captured alive and—" This .was
from Li. -He did not finish, for he saw
me start.
to the temple area, ready to be trans
ported at the moment of the arrival of
assistance — If. indeed, assistance
should ever come! We mustered twen
ty men, four of the priests belonging
\vithln the temple walls" having bolted
out of the gates with the others, now,
doubtless, prisoners, though I thought
Ling and LI were secretly hoping: that
they had gone to summon help.
The work went on more rapidly than
I feared It would, the aperture above
the box being found quite completed.
Slowly we lifted the dead weight by
cheer 6trength of arm ami shoulder,
end, once In the narrow hallway, we
made a quick Journey to the second
opening, and there lifted it again. Si
lently we laid the treasured coflln of
the Queen in the area of the temple.
«.nd covered it with a drapery made of
the great curtain which had formerly
hung before the inner court.
This done. I bethought me of another
duty, and quickly let myself down Into
the lower hallway, hastening toward
the bloody antechamber. As. I de
scended the stone steps the ekirt of a
Quelpartien robe disappeared through
the door toward which I was hurrying.
Placing my hand on my revolver I went
on without flinching. It was General
Ling, moved to come here by a similar
motive. Together we moved the bc-dy
to the bed, and Ling (for I could not)
arranged It in proper position there.
He then came out with me, and de
scended the wide stone steps weeping.
I made .a hurried round . of our
guards. All was quiet- No one had
appeared, though we could heir foot
steps of sentries without, walking
guard about the walls, and now and
again we heard stones rolling from the
Fides of the canyon: when it became
evident that our court was being
watched from those heights, the carry
ing of torches was forbidden.
I returned to the temple. I had con
sidered the whole situation and had
(tetermined, myself, to make the at
tempt to summon assistance. The offi
cers had just ended a discussion as I
entered, and I found I had been antici
pated, for messengers were to be
chosen by lot until an answer wai re
ceived from without. I went to Li and
quickly put an end to {his arrange
ment.
"You may draw my name first. Colo
nel LI." I said, "for I shall be the first
to go."
now appeared, adjusting his raiment.
It was all I thought best to say. It
,was .unnecessary; for, Oranoftito, know
that . his .worst fears had .been : realized.
This , I thought (and much else) as I
held : out ¦ the paper to ; the lazy fellow,
who began to blush and back away. I
was angryj. In - * moment, , and . . with
Boo'd reason, and roared out to 'the
man, who spoke again; to, the eb°y»
ThenUhe boy, said 'to ;me:
, -"He, .say's that < you* asked If you
could pfnd.aimessage."* ; - '
Whereupon the fellow pointed to the
Instrument, nodding wildly.
, little boat drifted to the other side of
v Ita " anchorage, and reseda and j grasses
and branches, mud-coated, swung? lel
§ surely up . stream, by the order of the
setting moon.. The drifting became a
flowing, and the flowing a flood-tide,
sweeping swiftly Inland from '.the
storm-tossed sea. One by one the great
mud-banks disappeared from sight; "jad i
the crawling things and the black roots
were covered by, murky, boiling waters.
Lower: and lower the land seemed to
fall, as our. little craft shot thirty feet
and more Into the air, and on the wind,;
which, followed the rising waters, came
row .tony, circuitous. How a civlUia
had always been a conquered, apa
thetic hermit nation! •
As It Krew dark and we were-within
THE SAN FRANCISCO^ SUNDAY: XALLl
2
THE QUEEN OF
QUELPARTEDulcine w<u> humming the song of
the Widowed Wild Goose. After a time
Dejneff sauntered- in' again arid flung
himself down into his chair. Soon he
too was humming the song, ; and I
wondered If Dulcine had told him that
I had put the Queen's body in the sar
cophagus. As soon now as I could I
was determined to tell Dulcine. the
whole truth: But I decided to wait
until Dejneff was out of hearing.
Yet as I waited another step sounded
at my bedside and .i; knew Colonel
Oranoff had come from the King.
"What does all this, mean?" he said
If It seemed that I was unconscious,
I was not. I knew well enough when I
was tenderly gathered up out of space
and *)orne to my bed again, and I knew
when the doctor came. He was a good,
faithful man with a beard like Dej
neff's and a gentle voice. I heard,
some time before, that all the food the
King had eaten for months after the
murder of the Queen, when he feared
that Tuen was attempting to poison
him, was prepared by this man's hands.
The medicine he prepared was admin
istered by my faithful , nurse" Dulcine,
who came as soon as I had been put
to bed. The medicine made my head
stop ringing and I ' lay still; thinking,
for I could not sleep.
A NEW PROGRAMME.
CHAPTER XIII.
M. Grouchy, the Russian Minister to
Quelparte, was standing midway down
the table addressing "the throne" amid
cigarette rings which the King of Quel
parte could blow as well as any wise
man. The members or the cabinet
were leaning forward from their chairs
In varying picturesque attitudes. In
tently listening to the address.
"Within two days," M. Grouchy was
Baying, "this decree of your great and
noble King will be given to the people
of Quelparte through the government
Gazette. It is an auspicious time. The
nation is enjoying a memorable holiday
and the happiness they must feel at
coming at last under, the protecting
arm of the Czar of all the Russians
will dispel in part the gloom which they
feel at the burial of their beloved
Queen."
As Grouchy proceeded, my eyes were
still on Oranoff. He sat quiet as a
shadow while his underling spoke as
he had directed, expanding on the bene
fits to accrue to Quelparte from Rus
sian rule: Oranoff never did his own
talking— he attended to the rest, with
others to do that for him. • .".; : V, ;
"Russia has been the boon of Asia
and will be all that and more for Quel
parte. But we do not desire." the
trickster went on,,' "to hold Quelparte
to any agreement to which the people
of the country may in the least object
As you know, this agreement can be
The great room was brilliantly
lighted. At Its end, on that mottled
throne, sat the King of Quelparte, his
cabinet ranged before him in an ex
tended semicircle. On his left at a
small table sat Prince Ting, the Prime
Minister. Behind Prince Ting stood a
group of household Ministers. On the
King's right Colonel Oranoff was
seated at the head of a long table, his
head in his hands, his elbows thrust
characteristically Into a mass of papers
and maps. To him my swimming eyes
went quickly and there they rested
long. •
ONE LIE I NEVER TOLD.
CHAPTER XIL
Pak , sat without ; my door, for I had
not been sure. : before now that-I : wo"uld
riot need ' him.' '• I longed for,- a word
with some one,* and.so^I talked a- little
with him before I. sent himaway. ,.
'¦ . "No, I am - not very sick," : I replied to
his" kindly 1 "I don't know
Just ' what . is . the .matter -with riie.: Were
you; never* sick and could;' not -' tell
where?-' ; ¦¦ "¦¦ •
- "You * ought ¦, t« have - Hu ? Mok come
and see you: then," said Pak..
"Hu \ Mok?" I replied. "Who is Hu
MokVPak?'' : ¦>
- >"He. is a /doctor, who, tells where peo
ple fare sick- : when they don't "know
themselves." y -• ; ; •
, • Pak .was not falling i me, ; and I j plied
my questions , coricerning Hu Mok. ,
•'He I is a very wise doctor/; ; Pak > ex
plained, ;J'who. lives Jriear; Keinriing; , he
is so .wise ; that;his ¦ eyebrows gro w ; very
long, longer/.evenJthanVCaptain'DeJ
neff's; long' shave." % ¦
V ."Longer^ than ' Dejneff 's,V what?" ;^I
asked. , Pak^was very{sfiarpTat T Picking
up? English i words, 1 *: but /sometimes" he
niade^ anJ odd" mistake. •¦ :; i.,.
<*¦ "Longer, tharijDeJneff's shave," he re
peated,': holding 'his hand [out fromlhis
chin; '"'">> - ; - ;¦'¦¦''¦ ' ." ¦
.While I could not sleep I; lay resting
on 1 my. : bed. in -a -better -mood than I
had known for many hours.- 'i' ¦¦',•'¦':
; After a time, I fell back on my bed
satisfied that the ruse T would : hold
good. In a maze of dire extremities a
ma/i often" falls upon' some ' happier^ al
ternative he expected? and finds a
relief almost approaching* Joyl;- Having
scanned the future as keenly as lay '.in
my power,; I saw no material : objection
to letting. the game go^on as the hands
stood. ' * .; * '¦'-¦'¦-• .:'
body! And what could they do?
Spread wild rumors, no doubt, but how
eoqld they prove them? Who would
dare question, by. force, the burden" of
the ¦; royal 'catafalque? Or who would
propose to examine the contents of the
royai;bier? These things were out ;of
the question.
Yet there were risks— I did not try
to persuade myself otherwIse-^-but they
were inconsiderable to risking the pos
sible failure of the Russian coup In
Quelparte and perhaps a more terrible
expose which might come with delay.
A delay would lend a bad color to any
rumor Tuen's agents might circulate.
As for an attack on the funeral:pro
cession itself, I would trust Dejneff to
take care of that! The whole army
was to surround the bier, and if such
nn attack were made and were success
ful, the sarcophagus would be found
empty and It would be no task to have
It understood that the body. had been
carried In ; the royal palanquin or in the
casket prepared for the memorial tab
lets—through fear of Just such an at
tack!
As Pak made ready to /leave I
thought on Hu Mok and .wondered if
the X-ray doctor of Quelparte had an
ticipated the latest discovery of our
Western" scientists!:
I found myself stronger in the morn
ing,- but I could; do no more, accordlrig
to that kindly doctor, who seemed to
: know more than I had admitted to him,
than sit before niy fire that .day and
rest. - Oranoff came early to, my .room
and I fairly dreaded to look him, In the
face ; yet I .did : so ' frankly as of old,
.wondering if he would lay; all riiy
nervousness ' to ; the charge of my fa
tigued ¦ conditiori./He i was 'full of busi
-riess7; arid';. after : congratulating "me
; warmly* he went hls^way. Dulcine and
several ladies ]_ of the legation . begged
admittance .to the "hospital," 'and . I
: found myself vaunted ; most ' uncomfor
?ttfbly as a hero for bfingiijg the Queen's
/ sarcophagus :; overland in " the little
time; allowed me.".'; The 'party ' soon - left
for i a long^ drive'; over : . the imperial
route *to ¦ the i mausoleum ; to "* . view - the
"crowds 'and- the' mass joLhea then burit
; ing- that buried the -city; from -gate to
gate.V ; ; - < v ~.\ "• ; ',i^' - ./ .
¦;¦••- 'Thus the 'day passed -slowly.--.-: I never
seemed able f to .think as r Intently as I
desired, * arid fl remembered ; that day
I distinctly from my Impatience at being
.-disturbed, 5 though .'I' was left alone; for
• hours •' at at time. ¦.- So. ; restless ~. as " ' a
: hunted ? thing, 1 - 1 fought ; a ,'o battle ; out
; with" '"my fears • before; my fire,^ and by
¦ nightY IJ was"- wholly ;¦ content with -my
course. once; more.'"- ; .' i
' Dejneff lounged " in before-dinner, and
toldime of the busy 'scenes of jtheiday."
.-' My - niind j.was i in tent i on ' the ;'¦ night*, to
come,7and'I asked'polntedly what' the
people .were : saying, of Tuen. -
. - "Some . say ? he \ will I wiriYat { the "end,*!
~ Dejneff ¦replied slowly, "but they'll miss
.their, guess [\ there. ' My 'troops are -to'
; surround * the > bier? ' the r moment '^the
; King- closes ? its lid .until . * the : great slab
'falls \upoii' it' Tuen's jlost^so far, arid
/ he'll -'not" win; from"- Dejneff.".';,
I was on^iriy; f eet " in ; a " moment^al-.
'mbstrgasping/.V , ' '.'¦** >'¦¦¦. :: ' --K
"From s , the jtimie \ the;King'V does 'what.
De J neff ?",1 1 • asked,, trembl in g. ''¦'} ¦-, •
'¦"The ;shb wstaxtsf' outlwlthtthie \\ King
closing the sarcophagus -in the '• throne
"You mean -beard, Pak; shave means
to cut-off a f beard.". : Japanese barbers
came to the legation each "day to treat
; those of us who desired their services.
Pak had caught the wrong .word again.
But my laughter did not discompose
him as it did when he was first in my
service, and he continued:
"Yes, HuMok is very, wise, and he
braids his eyebrows and hangs the
braids over his ears.",
"How doVs.he tell what's the matter
with people Pak?" '¦
; "With hi* magic stone; one day Hu
Mok went away from home and when
he came back the day after he brought
a stone so bright that you could look
ing-glass it." •¦¦¦'.'
- "Use it as a looking-glass, Pak."
"Yes. you could see yourself in it;
when any one is sick, Hu Mok comes
and puts the stone on them and pretty
soon hV can tell where they are sick
and what is the matter."
"Then I don't want Hu Mok, Pak,"
I replied firmly and with great truth,
"for I don't want Hu Mok or any one
to see inside of me now." ' C-^
That was as good as I. wanted.
Once more * in my room ; I . dismissed
Pak with a stern : injunction as . to se
crecy /and enough silver to make him
"quite the reverse. Then I turned eag
erly. to # my; task. . -
'• ' Now,- it : is trite; beyond hope of- ex
cuse to remark that some. things seem
difficult I nearby which at ; a distance
and off-hand seem exceedingly easy.
I. remembered, with what force this con
clusion: was .impressed upon ;me that
night at ' the . Russian Legation in Quel
parte, where, I, attempted*. to cajry out
my,- resolution : making, a counterfeit
queen to replace the real Queen; that I
had ' lost on Lynx Island.
For a time I v walked around my ; bed,
which was I loaded iwith the ; silks ¦ Pak
had' deposited there^ at my order.- Then
I . sat ' down and '¦ pawed ' them", over gin-"
gerlyn while : the truth of /"the afore
mentioned ¦ observation "came home to
me with { added ; , emphasis. ; Now
then : I "got together,"- to : use\ a \ phrase
moreVexpressive .to ; some \ than , ,to/oth
ers, arid made , a . fresh start ; but every-,,
thing I 'got . niy ' hands ¦ on next "seemed^
the most ? absurdly "impossible thing to
begin- with*. SQpQPHHI
/ Finally I despaired of doing' anything
with* my material" en masse, r whenVthe
creditable ¦ idea ; occurred to; me Utb sort
out the ; articles - an'd hang}, them .where
I • could fg'et , a: moro'esmpreherisive^no^
,tion of their shape arid; size;.- and soon
chairs/. bed-posts, i tables'; pictures and
mantels v were "alive with "the; fantastic
robes of a' wealthy Quelpartienne.
Then I went out into the night and
made my way to^the Bell House, to the
great- booths where the be'st of native
garments were for sale, taking Pak for.
a : guide and interpreter. I to'.d him on
the way what I wanted.
Soon ' we were being ihown ; i , large
assortment cf fine silk; outer garments
Worn by the women '.»jf Quelparte.
Pak's eyes glistened as the great pieces
"of "silk •¦were thrown by. the cunning
hand of the merchant before our eyes.
I, of course, knew nothing of them, not
even their quality, but as this was the
only thing about which I cared, I asked
Pak concerning it)
"He says they are good enough to
bury the Queen in," replied Pak, sim
ply/after a* word or two with' the mer
chant.
"There's but a step between the sub
lime and the ridiculous," I quoted so
berly as I dressed for dinner; "I shall
diminish that distance by half before
morning." \ My shoulder was very lame,
but otherwise I felt able to resume my
accustomed place in the life of the le
gation. At ¦ any rate, - 1 knew that my
new plans would necessitate my going
out; I was only preparing for emer
gencies.
. The ladies had not returned from
their sight-seeing,* and" I was spared
playing hero: I made way with the
courses as . rapidly as practicable
against their return. But I did 'not
leave the room- without placing a note
under Dulcine's ring, encouraging one
of the table-boys with 'a' coin to see
that she did not miss it. I a".so left
word with Dejneff that I would be
ready for duty as usual in the morning."
1 saw he was not sorry to'.ba able to
depend upon me to command the troops
around the bier; for he was. to march
with the King, and Andorrh was to
guard ' the mausoleum throughout the
night and day. I also saw that peJnefC
would not cry either wheti this pageant
was over safely!
¦ But the effect of the girl's words and
all the depth of their deceit was even
more marked upon the man who lay
on ¦ the bed before her. ' And as I
looked covertly upward ¦¦¦ for the brief
second during which - the film of my
memory was exposed to thi3 picture, I*
became thrilled until every unstrung
nerve throbbed and then was steeled. I
saw more clearly_than before our ter
rible .plight, and saw my duty clearer
too. Yet through the vision there came
courage and to spare!
But now— when I was In too deep to
get out, when it was too late even to
consider owning up^, to the truth— I
found : that the 'King himself must look
into the. empty casket and close with
his own thin hand its golden lid.
I met this new shock with far greater
courage than any preceding one; now
I was driven only one dye deeper: a
form resembling a human body must
meet the King's eyes!
. I arose, smiling grimly, from the bed
upon which I had \ fallen with a groan.
There was something ridiculous in this
resolution which was the logical end'of
my. deception, and the reckless daring •
of it fascinated me. .
¦¦',- There are times when we know ; a
crisis has been passed, but it . is rare
that we know * the* exact moment of Its
passing.
As' I look back from the end to the
beginning of the story I remember
plainly —aye, best of all— the moment
when Dulcine Oranoff raised her proud
head and repeated to her father my
desperate lie. It was impossible for
the: girl to think I had failed. Then,
where else could the Queen's body be
but in the, casket prepared for it?
"I am very far from sorry that my
eyes were not firmly closed when Dul
cine uttered those thrilling words, for
If I . have one picture of her more
worthy of the admiration of the curi
ous than another, '> it is that of the
lithe, trim girl fingering the lace of my
pillow as she looked straight over me
Into her father's eyes and told him I
had done the task 1 bar! miserably
failed to Jo. It is withal a Rcr>be
pisture, for Dulcine' war h*.- jr>oth*"-s
girl in face" and flsiuw, tn-1 b»r £rcs.i
that night rn? <Urk?*s *^s.fv.MHphi.*»e
neath her lashes or. it* ciidnisht of her
hair.
It is a picture portraying net only a
girl of grace and beauty, bul c. woman
of .magnetic power, a vcniRtJ to darj
and do, y and make others llk» herself.
I would have wondered that Colonel
Oranoff could take > those startling
words at full face value, had I not seen
the firm; true lips, the steadfast eyes of
the one who uttered them and believed
them to be true. '.Seeing this. I won
dered not that the man turned upon' his
heel. without a word, as though he had
Just looked Into the very sarcophagus
Itself." :
DULCINE.
CHAPTER XIV.
This King was no novice and no fool,
and he had a pretty wit all his own.
"He has a son in the army. Sire," I
said, keeping my promise to old Ling
most unexpectedly, "as faithful as his
father; I pray you to remember him."
The King instantly turned to Prince
Ting and said:
"Appoint Kim Ling to his father's
former office as secret guardian of the
Queen." "
I felt Oranoff f s eyes burning' two
holes in my back and I hurried on with
my wretched story, for, as the King
lived, I now had to hold one eye shut
to keep from seeing two of him.
And I knew the strength the liquor
gave me was all the strength I had.
"Colonel LI was '.ost. too." I mur
mured, holding desperately to the car
pet to keep from falling off the floor.
"Ll lost!" spit out the King of Quel
parte, suddenly; this affected him.' "It
must have been a sudden fire."
"It was. Sire, God knows It was sud
den, but — " and here the King broke
In again with another, gay laugh and
cut off the words which were on my
parched lips.
\l could not hold to the carpet any
longer, and so with a hrppy sigh I let
go and went out Into space.
"Accidental fires are sudden some
times,*' I heard the King laugh. But I
was too far away now to answer. \ I
heard much cheering, which sounded at
a great distance, but I could move
neither hand nor foot, nor lip to tell
either the truth or any falsehood.
"No, he did not swim to Tsi," an
swered the girl, proudly; "he came
overlrr.d." f
"And the Queen's body?" the man
cried out; "did he dra's it over the
mountains behind him?" I did not
blame the man for his sarcasm; my
silence at such a crisis had been cruel.
"The Queen's body," said . Dulcine
Oranoff. composedly, "is where .it be
longs—In the new sarcophagus."
Oranoff repeated ; those startling
words like a man in a dream; then he
asked. "Do I understand you, Dulcina?"
She did not reply, and he spoke again
as If the -room were empty. "He
brought it overland because the little
ijboat I sent could not weather the
gale."
What I had passed through in the
last week was nothing to this — was
"nothing beside 'the stinging of those
gentle words which were so much to
my credit. When the man went out
of the room, a head sank on the pillow
beside my own and the bed trembled
as the realization of my position came
over me. It was a positive relief when
From the moment! she . had uttered
those words to Colonel Oranoff my
course was clear. .1 had done my best
to bring ' the Queen's body. . Failing I
had then done my^best to send an ex
planation, and-have the funeral post
poned. Failing here also, I had come
as fast as human strength permitted
to arrange at the last moment for a
postponement of the pageant. J; I had
lied outrageously to • Dulcine, never
thinking that the lie would be passed
on. But now, since every one thought
the Queen was safely in the ' sarcoph
agus prepared '. for her— let . them go on
with their parade and show!
Who would know the difference?
No one but myself knew that the body
had been, destroyed,, save only the'
•wretches. wh6 destroyed it. I had been
taken » first to the anteroom where the
sarcophagus was, and with my own
hands I had closed its golden ' lid. i The
very daring of It .was the ' salvation of
the plot. The faster. I thought,' the
more ; reasonable It" - all seemed. The
body was lost Deybnd all recovery, and,
after all, what /would delay or.'post
ponement accomplish?' Nothing, .per
haps, unless the terrible ¦ denouement
that ; there was no Queen 'to bury! ; r?
": Then, too, the Russian protectorate
was at stake. ; Nothing would be surer
than the "¦ failure of \ Oranoff's coup :• if
the loss of the Queen's -body became
known.
The pageant must go on!
Then I remembered ; ,Tuen,.\ and I
clambered r out ' of ; bed ; a t the '-¦ thought
and ' went { striding * up> and down \ the
room— a ' human ship '] In } distress ! . But
I laughed - as ~ I 'went and clinched . my
fists I again,' even 'as ; I did > in; my berth
on "I the pulcette.- : . This ; ; would *" \ be
balking the devils that 'checkmated "me
that night - on Lynx > Island— to ¦; have
the '. funeral "go on." Queen's * body ' orrrio
"Yes, Sire," I answered, glad ' to find
I could talk if I could noi walk, "the
temple of €*ing-Ilng has" been de
stroyed." Then I added, eager to bol
ster up my string of lies with one un
doubted truth, "It was 'burned to the
ground and lies in ashes.".
"Ah," sighed the King of Quelparte,
with admirable affectation; and then,
just as I was opening my 'mouth 'he
turned to Prince Ting (evidently not
wishing his cabinet should guess that
Lynx Island was to pass into the hands
of the Russians), saying: *
"Orders must be issued to all our sa
cred temples regarding the. danger
from fires" and the removal of all com
bustibles to a safe distance, and let it
be known that no temple destroyed by
accidental fire shall ever b*e rebuilt."
The wine on my empty stomach was
at once my friend and my foe. It
gave me strength, especially of sight!
I felt Oranoff's eyes on my back, and I
broke out for fear I could not speak at
all soon:
"General Lin? was burned with the
temple."
"Ling lost," echoed the King, holding
his head sideways to avoid the smoke
of his cigarette. "Faithful Ling; he
was such a man as kings need — some
times." He leered significantly toward
Oranoff as he said the words.
without a single word of introduction.
His voice was low and tense. ,_ Coward
that I was. i" did not .move, 1 and Dul
cine answered simply:
"I do not know, father; It was a
hard trip to Keinning."
"Did he swim to Tsi?" was Oranoff's
reply, and the words were almost a
groan; "the Dulcette did not bring
terminated at any time by either gov-'
ernment. It will be the purpose of my
government to study, during the follow
ing days, the sentiment of the people
of Quelparte. and if it Is found that an
alliance with Russia such as we have
signed to-night is displeasing to the
people of Quelparte, Russia will imme
diately-withdraw from. the agreement
and remove the officials whom • your
King has aopointed to high office."
With such words M. Grouchy paved
the way to throw. Quelparte over to
Japan when the lease of Port Arthui
MWjj announced.
I Had entered the room v-lthcut at
tracting attention, and I stood by the
door listening to the Russian's* words.
It was clear that the news brought by
my Cossacks had put 'all in good cheer,
and that the funerafwas to come off as
liror-osed. beginning day after to-mor
row. I had been blinded by the bril
llani light in the room, and the scene I
have described came to me slowly, and
no other picture has 'stayed .with me—
save one— so perfect in detail and color.
Totally unbalanced as I must have
been by fatigue,. -«id ' desperately
drugged with wine, I remember turning
from the bright light and wishing that
I could, after all, tell Ivan Oranoff the
truth. But even as I reached helpless
ly to the wall for support, the hilt of
my sword went clanging against it
and every face in the room looked my
way.
I believe the King himself recog
nized me first or at least saw me first;
he rose and pointed the fire-tipped end
of his cigarette toward me. The cabi
net arose, and M. Grouchy ceased his
remarks. Of these things I am a little
uncertain, but I am not at all uncertain
as to Colonel Oranoff. I knew well
enough iVas late — later than I should
have been without telegraphing him
the reason of my delay at such a time
as this. I also knew that my report
should have been to him, not to the
cabinet or the King. The man drew
himself slowly to his feet and leaned
over the table *upon his hands heavily
as I came swaying through' the long
room.
I had not dressed for the occasion,
and my bedraggled appearance and un
steady deportment evidently added lus
ter to the heroic role I had suddenly
chosen to assume. The King put his
cigarette in his mouth and began puff-
Ing and clapping his hands. His no
bles, mimicking him in -everything 'on
peril of their lives, , took the cue -and
applauded me vociferously, and I stag
gered on to the foot of that _"throne"
(I could not have gone another, yard
for the King's crown), receiving . an
ovation rather than the thrashing I
deserved.
"The temple of Ching-llng has been
destroyed. I hear." said the King, dip
lomatically. Then he laughed' and
drew aV his cigarette.
room ; ; he looks in It for a last time to
identify the , Queen and then ' shuts and
seals it officially. That moment your
troops will surround it and guard it
until \ we reach * the' tombl .' But there's
the ;bell; can't you come out to dinner,
Martyri?" " -
'•% I • had gone over toward . my bed
while Dejneff told me these things, and
stood there' dazed f I was glad the room
had not' been 1 lighted. Dejneff could
not see me.
"No, old man," I replied, "you go
on; I believe I'm; not hungry."
When he was but of the" room I fell
upon- the bed with a groan.
" The ' King was to '. Iook. into my
empty' casket!
Yet there in the firelight I told It all-
God helping me— all, the whole story*
from the tiger-skin throne where wa
bade each other, good-by to the holo
caust on -Lynx Island, and back again
to the '. yellow throne where I had, kon -'
estly attempted to tell the* Kinf\a little
of the truth. Now and then "Dulcine
started, frightened; at times she clung
to me in utter fear, and again she
burled her face in her hands. But at
the end she grew wondrously calm.
We , sat then m 'silence, and I knew
she had gone' from the gloomy past to
the: dark future, and so ' I ; outlined
briefly/- the ruse; I had conceived. The
plan was as-fascinating as the "reckless
ness of, its deceit. My words fairly
raised 5 the girl to her feet Trembling,
hand ; and foot, Dulcine , looked; ' at . the'
fire.. at me, and then, like a. guilty per
son,'around the: dimly lighted \ room.
We both looked Into the fire and then
steadily into each other's eyes. I am
sure the same thoughts passed through
our. rninds. Tof night*, (for? it ¦ was "the
nineteenth,. the booming 7of the great
bell . had sounded the . midnight • hour)
the" King ; would look ,; upon bis; Queen
for the last time, as the 5 sarcophagus
lay : in state on the catafalque in the
throne ; room.' >
"It . is : all too late now , to . prevent < or
postpone.'* I went on impetuously; "for
the sake of the Russian ;• protectorate
about to be announced In the morning;
. I gasped In dismay v/hlle those seri
ous eyes ran over that disordered room,
lingering with awkward, questioning:
glance on each piece of Quelpartienne
finery.
"Has the hospital become - an
asylum?" Oranoff asked quietly. I
laughed and gave some answer which
he can remember better than I. Then
I went to him with the inspiration
which had suddenly come to my dis
tracted brain. I dared not be silent one
moment before this man, and I risked
everything by delivering myself earn
estly of the following Impromptu ex
planation:
"Colonel Oranoff," I said. In & low
voice, "you know our great danger is
an attack by Tuen's men upon the fu
neral procession. I have spent the day
planning to frustrate the attack if
made. My plan is to place a counter
feit body in the sarcophagus and put
the real body in the casket prepared
for the memorial tablets. The army
will surround the sarcophagus, and if
that is harmed the Queen's body will
still be safe."
Even as I spoke I wondered if, after
all. Colonel Oranoff had not gone to
the throne room to prove for himself
the miraculous truth Dulcine had told
him. But 'if he had, he had 4et the
matter pass, and I was sure either he
was deceived or had chosen to let mo
play out the farce to which I had so
desperately resorted at the eleventh
hour.
There are times when the best of men
pass back and forth a black lie know
ingly, and act toward each other as
though it were the truth; might not
this sober man have guessed even
from the first my lying role, and yet
determined to trust me and let me play
it out? Such were my thoughts as I
spoke and as the man looked at me in
tently yet kindly when I had finished.
"That is a good plan, Robert,*" he
said, after a moment's thought; then
he added poignantly, "But you will
need Dulcine in this. I will can her
and remain irr the smoking-room until
you 1 are done." He did not say that he
knew I expected Dulcine; he. did cot
hint that he had seen Dulcine. Yet ha
paved the way easily for our meeting.
There were tears of gratitude In my
aching eyes as he passed me to go out.
and I found his hand in the skirts of
his . coat and wrung it silently. The
pressure he in turn gave me brought
confidence and determination.
Dulcine came in almost as her father
passed out, and stood for a moment In
blank astonishment within that littered
room. Without a word (my throat
suddenly became parched) I placed a
chair before the fire and : drew away
such garments! as lay near it. The
girl did not move. I then went to her
unmindful of the stolid Cossack who
had followed her In, and took her
hand.
Then I saw the was already In tears,
and I quickly found they were hot and
running fast. .
"Robert, dear." she said, un&tr my
trembling caresses, "tell ma what it la.
There is .nothing I would. not do to
help you.""
I drew : her to the chair. Each mo
ment since Dulcine entered my door I
had felt guiltier than ever . before. " , I
had failed everywhere, and I seemed
to be able to do naught but force the
girl ¦ whom I loved to bear the burden
of my failure. Now, when the moment
came for me to make a clean breast of
it all, my throat seemed paralyzed.
It looked as though I was drying , a
""big week's washing." I locked the
door and sat ; down in the on© empty
chair and lit a cigarette. ;>V>.
"Perad venture these were the silks of
the women of . mine ' own" country." I
soliloquized grimly, "I \ might maks
some progress," and I -gazed about
helplessly enough;. yet I knew that any
good, single ' man of ? sense would have
Ibolted the -whole, thing even then. But
I could not bolt, and the danger.of my
situation came suddenly home to me
as I looked : mechanically at my, watch
and found* the evening was far gone.
How fast the hours were speeding.
Aroused now to my task with fresh
ening. fear, I was seized with the hal
lucination ; that a - subdivision of my
stock would help unravel the mystery,
and 7,'sirode frantically up and down
to select^at first, the smaller garments.
But vhere were they? The silk crea
tion on the bed would have covered a
span of horses, and the gauze scarf or
fish-net or Vhat-not that trailed over
my dresser, some chairs, and a table,
would have hidden two French win
dows. If I found anything of lesser di
mensions, I had no sooner got it under
control than I - discovered It was con
nected by a tail or silk ' isthmus to
some greater affair near by that might
have been an awning over a ship's deck.
Nor was <it easier to get free of these
things than to get hold of them, for
when I had Iain one down and gone
elsewhere - in my search, I found th©
last two * things I had looked at were
still following me about familiarly
enough. The texture of this collection
of Quelpartienne clothing may have
been all I have since heard It was and
all that its cost suggested, but this only
served to bewilder me the more that
night..
-. And so I floundered up and down la
tfcar 5r?» of Quelpartienne lingerie which
by znlrlnlsrht was running. high in that
-vr.'io room, when a low knock at my
doer brought a~frightened sigh of relief
to my lips. With one despairing: glance
about me I 'broke over to the door and
threw it open wide. I had mada no
pro^rpss whatever, and the night was
half pper.t; in a doubly serious sense- I
needed Dulcine now.
In walked Colonel Oranoff.
I dreaded to begin my lying role, and
especially with this girl I loved, but I
could see no happier alternative. Her
face was pale, and I could see that
some one had been suffering beside my
self. "The storm has been terrible, and
we were afraid the Dulcette might be
destroyed with all it contained," she
added.
This was a new turn to the black lane
I was traveling, but I gave the same
answer that had formed upbn>my lips.
"We came overland, Dulcine. 0 A
great, happy light broke over the girl's
face, and I saw she believed I had
placed the Queen's body in the new
sarcophagus Colonel Oranoff had pre
pared for It. I ached to tell her the
truth, but I withheld it and let her
bury her face in my hands a moment
for very Joy. ,
When she left the room I got up sick
at heart, and went over to the chair
Dejneff had left, and sent Fak for a
decanter of wine, from which I drank
and drank desperately. I did not know
how weak I was, nor how much liquor
Dejneff had poured into me before.
Then I asked to be taken to the
Kins.
"When I became myself I was in my
own bed, a 6oft hand on my brow; my
boy Pak was standing beside Dulcine,
'and In a chair pulled up before the
fire Dejneff was sprawled out, his face
tilted dejectedly over into his great
beard. Nothing could have brought mo
more Quickly to my senses than that
picture of Dejneff and I closed ray
eyes and went to work on the miser
able problem now confronting me.
I knew and felt at the time that I
should have called Dejneff and Oranoff
to me and made a clean breast of
everything, but as fate would have It I
had conceived a sort of a plan which
to my dazed brain bade fair to save
me from making a confession. I would
go to the King and tell him that Ling
and Ll had perished in the fire, which
consumed the temple of Ching-llng,
and that I. being only an aide, had not
been allowed to take the Queen's body
from Lynx Island— the order LI car
ried from the King being lost ¦with him.
By this ruse the funeral would be post
poned at least until another messenger
was sent to Lynx Island for the corpse;
in the mean time new and better plans
could be made.
So I lay quiet under the stroking of
that kind hand until Dejneff got up
and went unsteadily out of the room.
Then I pretended to return to con-.
sciousness" and attempted to sit up. I
was surprised at my success; evidently
the nourishment given me was of no
weak character.
"Lie down. Robert," Dulcine said
softly: "you-are ill; the doctor is com
ing soon."
"I must not be 111," I blurted out
"Where is Colonel Oranoff?"
"At audience with the King — " Dul
cine hesitated, and then added reluc
tantly, "who has Just sent for you."
"Good," I said with a spirit I did not
possess. "I must go at once"— before the
doctor comes, I thought to myself.
For a moment there was silence;
then, unmindful of the servants, Dul
cine seized my hands:
"Tell me first. Robert dear, have you
brought it— the Queen's body?"
Such were my thoughts as my pony
stalked unsteadily over the stones of
the pate and Into the vide avenue ly
ing beneath the moon. It was crowded,
os though another spring: rice famine
was on the land and had brought a
dozen Coxey's armies to Keinnlng; yet
this was not a famine crowd, for It
was weil dressed and not very drunk.
The merchants in their booths and the
candy boys with their trays strapped
to their backs were doing a big busi
ness. How they would growl when
this celebration was postponed!
I felt my pony growing weaker, and
at last the poor thing stopped and then
sank slowly upon the ground. Kep
neflTs servant caught me in his arms,
and tried to lift me to his own horse.
I asked him to support me while I at
tempted to walk to th\ legation, the
blaze of its lights making it seem now
but a short distance away. So we went
forward, but as I gazed unsteadily up
on the blur of lights, my strength left
me, poor swimmer that I was. Just as
I neared the river shore! My compan
ion dragged me along to the legation
gate where the Cossack guard came to
his assistance. From there they took
me In the first door, which happened
to be the anteroom of the throne
room where the new sarcophagus
stood awaiting the body that I did not
bring. Here I revived and asked to be
taken to my own room. With my last
bit of strength I closed the lid of the
sarcophagus that no one might know
that I had failed In my errand. Then
I sank on a Cossack's shoulder and let
go of everything.
no task to arrange some hitch. The
soothsayers could be bribed (If there
were any rubles left!) to put the af
fair off. f
THE SAN FRANGISGO; SUNDAY CALL.
3Continued Next Sunday.
Thus I killed an hour In living over
the day to come; then I sot into my
uniform, and calling a boy who could
ppeak English I went out 'into the
night which was/ even now, growing
pale at the thought of day.
I shall hereafter try the reader's pa
tience with the description of Kein
ning on the night of the imperial fu
neral; therefore, I will make shorter
work with the city as I saw it now —
awaiting, with fevered dreams, the
great day now dawning. Tet it is no
less worthy his attention. The city
slept, and yet did not sleep. The
braying of asses tied about the new
palace, where the King's cabinet was
in session, kept that portion of the city
awake; the great bell had aroused all
That was a picture worth remember
ing! A lithe, comely girl in black, her
arms laden with a Quelpartlenne's
filmy white wardrobe, going frankly
and swiftly to that task she had im
petuously struck out for herself. I let
her go willingly, though aching yet that
my failure had brought her this wild
night's work- Mind, I never once
doubted Dulcine Oranoff's ability or
daring; I only regretted that things had
.come to such a wretched pass. I knew
she would find her woman (I made a
shrewd guess as to which servant it
was) and I knew the woman would
surely play the part. But I knew, too,
that Dulcine would be in terror for
forty hours until I had freed the
woman at the Altar of Spices.
Keyed up to the wild business of the
night, I could not sleep, and no sooner
had the orders of the day been Issued
than I sent for mine. For a long time
I studied them and the general procla
mation which was sent with them
touching the pageant of the night." It
wag all as I hoped: Dejneff had or
dered me with the best troops to
guard, through the whole day, the
main entrance of the King's wing, and
to close in about the sarcophagus
when it was brought from the throne
room. Dejneff was In. general com
mand, and rode near the King. Andorph
was at the mausoleum.
One by one Dulcine Oranoff placed
upon her arm the • scattered pieces of
raiment that lay about my room, and
at last 6wept bravely through the cur
tains which the Cossack sentry held
aside for her.
AN EARLY MORNING'S TASK
CHAPTER XV,
As I struggled en through the thor
oughfares, these papers were now get
ting into general circulation. Many
who coijld not read were gathered at
the corners of the streets, where men of
commanding stature and voice read the
proclamation ajoud. Here and there
single white-robed citizens were read
ing it apart by themselves. Some,
whose angry faces showed plainly their
bitterness,' were crushing the white
pages and growling aloud.
But it was a nation's holiday, and the
Russian ruse ' held good! Holiday
clothes, an abundance of regalia and
drink, and a national conscience
drugged to Indifference by centuries of
oppression— all these had their influ
ence, and the patriotic orators shouted
in vain. They were as • powerless as
rats in a doomed ship which they can
ho more leave— though running speed
ily toward a. maelstrom of "Russian des
potism.
jj Behind the scenes all. had been work
ing well.. If friction showed anywhere
the' "parts"* were quickly lubricated
¦with; gold rubles and— well, "the King
of Quelparte was shaved.
But this funeral, which was the sav
ing of the Russian plot, was now the
wrecking of Tuen's. It made little dif
ference whether Russia, had (Quelparte
if the -world ' did : hot . know "of j it, : for
how,, then could it.be thrown over, when
Port Arthur was taken ? .'And it made
little 'difference > to the Chinese prince
•whether the ; body of . the . murdered
Queen was whole or in a thousand
But the beginning of the pageant, the
crowds of people, the holiday skillfully
prepared, came none too soon! The
Government Gazette, published at
noon, announced the agreement reached
between the King of Quelparte and the
Czar of Russia. It was diplomatically
stated that, for reasons best under
stood by the people of Quelparte, Rus
sia, out of the kindness of- her. great
heart, had assumed.'for the moment, at
the request of the King of Quelparte
and his cabinet, the management of the
financial, commercial andrnilltary de
partments of the kingdom. This was
done from two humanitarian motives:
to take some of the burden from the
King's shoulders, and to bring Quel
parte into such a relation to Russia
that she might share her civil and com
mercial advantages.
A QUEEN INCOGNITO.
CHAPTER XVII
"That is all. Captain." H© saluted,
and I strode on across the- plaza to
ward the King's wing.
' There I ran .upon Dejneff, Issuing the
orders of the night to the cavalry offi
cers flaring in their gTeat red silk
sleeves. .
I called him, and he stepped back Into
the gloom with me.
"We must change this route, Dej
neff," and I pointed to the orders.
"Why?" broke out the old soldier,
holding his breath.
"Because this parading up and down
in the Chinese. quarters is nothing but
senseless bravado. Look you," and I
pointed toward the . west gate, "tha
whole quarter is In darkness. Even the
boys' are pelting the silk lanterns with
stones. And . the commonest coolie
knows Prince Tuen would rather miss
the tribute from a dozen Quelpartes
than have that tablet dropped over the
Queen's corpse. If, as the , Kin? has
said, he 'has pawed Quelparte over for
her,', do you think he . •will let us carry
her body safely through a thirty-foot
street in a Chinese city at midnight un
opposed?"
I quickly made up my mind to go to
the King and demand a change of the
route, but I paced up and down in the
hollow square formed by my com
panies considering a worthy excuse. I
did not wish to frighten His Majesty,
yet, if it lay In my power, the route
of the procession should be altered. I
also needed to have an alternate
course on my tongue's end; on this lat
ter point I needed help and sent for
Lieutenant Kim.
When he came I pulled him Into the
dark. }
"The route of march is out the West,
Gate?" I asked.
"So the orders read," answered the
youth.
"Is there no better "way, Kim?"
He looked at me In surprise.
"Why better?"
"Well— safer, then!" for I felt I
could trust this serious lad.
"Oho! so you are troubled too," he
said, thoughtfully: "there will be few
sorry when this business is over."
"Answer me," I ordered; then I added
encouragingly, "I do not like that Chi
nese quarter, Kim."
"Nor I!" he put In quickly; 'it's
dark as night."
. "You mean — "
/ "I mean there are no lights burning
in it; even our lanterns in the silken
nets which line the imperial route
have been, put , out by boys who are
throwing stones Into them."
All this chilled me.
"But can we go another way?"
"Yes," answered Kim, thoughtfully,
"through the little West Gate."
"A roundabout course?"
"Very."
"But a possible one?"
"I think so. 1 *
"And we could evade that quarter?"
"Entirely— but — " and Kim looked
away across the dimly lighted city.
"But what?" I asked sternly. "Tell
me anything you know, Kim. I dread
going into the Chinese quarter; if .we
do, I am sure there will be the devil to
pay."
' "The orders" are out, and I do not
think they can be revoked." .
"Is that all?"
THE TRAIL OF EARTH.
CHAPTER XVIII.
Now, if I had thought Whang-Su
would look thus upon the matter, I
should certainly have told h'lm the
whole truth before undertaking the stu
pendous deception now on hand. But
it was too late.- I could have confessed
failure and Tuen's success, but I
would not confess to this deceit. It
would lay bare the whole string of my
lies for ope thing, and, after all, the
King might fear the myth more than
he had confessed. At any rate, we
should have to deceive every one else,
and he was only one. So I held' my
peace.
But the King was t still serious and
/worried, as could be seen with half an
eye. Again I Jumped to a conclusion:
''You fear Tuen yet?" I suggested.
He blew a cloud of smoke, looked at
me gravely through It, and nodded.
"I shall fear him until she"— blowing
a straight column of smoke toward the
Earcopbagus- : -"is In the tomb, and the
great tablet has fallen upon her.','
."Faugh!". I exclaimed, '.'trust that to
us, Sire, . your best"' troops will sur
round the bler^ at all times. It is safer
than ever it was at Lynx Island." r
The King looked long into my face,
and I thought I could see a pathetic
thing there — the questioning look of
one to whom the real truth is never
told. But I lied on right and left, and
the King believed all I said. And his
face grew more serious still. I thought
perhaps I could venture a probe or
two, and so I too went straight to cen
ter by saying:
"You were fearing Prince Tuen;
Colonel Li told me."
He started and put his finger to his
lips. But then he laughed i and whis
pered:
"Yes; the old boar has been trying to
find , her," and he Jerked his thumb
toward the golden casket. "But we
fooled him," added the King, with his
only English oath and a chuckle.
Here was my chance.
"And would your Majesty fear the
myth if he had destroyed the Queen's
body?"
" 'To hell with the myth,' as Oranoff
says— fto; but the people would;. oh, the
people!" and the King held up his
hands with an expression of pity I can
not describe. . •
"You had no trouble?" he then
asked' swiftly. -
"No,* Sire," I answered.
I wondered if the King of Quelparte
was over serious. "I was taking / a
turn before bedtime," he went on, after
laughing covertly at his own Jest, "and
heard you were here. I want to thank
you for ably completing Colonel Li's
mission."
He was looking at the sarcophagus
now. and my hand curled tightly over
the blade it obscured from view. ,
"But permit me to warn as well as
thank. The' announcement—"
He paused again until I nodded sig
nificantly. ' •
'"Yes, this announcement. It .may
make trouble. You should be on your
guard? Certain '•so-called patriots,' im
bibing your Eastern ideas,, pose as
statesmen and breathe revolutionary
sentiments. Usually they only breathe
—sometimes moTe. But, more or less,
be on your guard."
I bowed. For a moment there -, was
utter silence in the room . save for the
pounding of my heart. What if the
King should come to the sarcophagus?
I determined to block his way even at
the risk of my life. I would say my
orders were to let no one look upon the
body, and that I should obey the order
literally at any cost. Our game] had
cost too much to be broken up now.
Arid the woman, maybe, had heard the
conversation. I feared for her if she
thought the King's'own eyes were rest
ing on her.
But instead of coming nearer, the
King moved backward to the. wall and
beckoned me to his side.
For the first time in his life, for all I
knew, Whang-Su's face was serious.
He had produced his' cigarette box and
offered one to' me and lighted his own
from the plebeian match. ,
It was not until after two or three
nervous puffs and a spasmodic inhala
tion .that his Majesty spoke. . \
What may have seen to '. Whang-Su
abject obeisance was little less than a
swoon/for, though I sank to my knees,
the action was wholly due to the weak
condition of my nerves, Suddenly un
strung at the sight of his Majesty.
It was a moment before ' the King
spoke, but a moment long enough for
me to determine to hold fast to the
hand we were playing until I knew it
had been exposed. I rose with clinched
teeth . and hands, even saluting with a
closed flat. I placed one hand irrever
ently^on the sarcophagus, and I had a
dagger In It. If our woman played her
part poorly, through "fright or hys
teria, I was determined that her gen
uine corpse should grace the occasion!
The King's first word, spoken in that
Jaunty, leering tone, with which I was
familiar, dispelled my fears, and I
breathed a prayer of thanksgiving.. ¦
"I slipped in. Captain Martyn, while
the room was cleared^ I *like cleared
rooms."
THE KING
CHAPTER XVI.
At last I took her arms from my
neck, for 'she clung to me tenderly — as
though she were praying. Thank God
for the tenderness of that farewell! ¦
"At five o'clock the body will be ly
ing at the end of the hall leading to
the antechamber of the throne room,
behind the curtains of the alcove. You
will place it where it belongs."
I offered Dulcine the chair again, and
she took it. and we sat many minutes
in silence, thinking.
Ar.on we spoke of dangerous possi
bilities and discussed them rapidly in
low tones. I asked Dulcine once more
of her purpose, and again she gently
t hided my lack of faith in her. and I
said no more. I then told her that my
own command would guard the bier
on the long Journey to the mausoleum.
More than once the possibility of her
being betrayed occurred to me, and I
could not help saying:
"If your woman plays us false?"
And I spoke slowly, for I hoped the
girl would interrupt me.
"Kill her where she lies!" Dulcine
whispered, trembling. Evidently the
thought of my taking the woman's life
overcame the girl, for 8he hid her face
«>n my shoulder. Then she admitted it
wns possible that under the terrible
strain an involuntary movement might
be detected and prove disastrous. But
when she arose presently, there was no
signs of tears in her dark, steadfast
eyes. I kissed her good-night; but then
she did not go. All our happiness,
even our very lives, it seemed, hung
in a trembling balance. Dulcine was
to Join a house-party at the British
Legation in the morning, and attend
the funeral with the legation ladies. I
knew 1 might never see her again, for
accidents happen in desperate games.
"When we meet again — " I said. But
I could not complete what I had begun.
A great gulf seemed to yawn between
us already.
"We will never part, Robert"
"M the Altar of Spices." I answered,
after a moment's thought. "At three
taps cf my scabbard on the sarcopha
sus let her raise the lid within, and I
will slide the cover. Until then let her
move not."
The girl steadied her eyes into the
fireplace and then answered slowly,
"You can do that for me, Robert, and
better than L"
Then I paused to think. Dulcine
found questions to ask In her turn.
"And where would the woman be
freed?"
"You can have the antechamber
cleared and place her in the sarcopha
gus?"
for the sake of Colonel Oranoff. whose
reputation la at stake, for the sake of
my o»wn name and honor, the imperial
funeral must ko on over a counterfeit
body!"
I sat down In a chair, my head In my
hands. Dulcine stood quiet by herself a
moment- Finally she whispered:
"Robert, you are. right. It must all
go on without a quibble. You have
done your full duty, now let me do
mine. I know a wtrman who will play
this 'part for us."
This took me utterly by surprise.
And yet the slrl was right. After
those hours of struggling It was plain
that my dummy queen would be too
unreal. Dulcine misunderstood my si
lence.
"You can trust me, Rooert?"
It was not lack of trust, God knew,
that made me hesitate.
"You can embalm the body?"
"Apparently."
"You know a woman you can trust?"
•I do."
"Who would dare tu Cie, if necessary.
Thus he approached slowly into the
dark cave en the right. Here he found
the stone sides were not smooth, as he
feared they might be, but rough and
as easy to mount as the sides of the
image without. And when he stopped
a moment to rest, he looked upward
and thought he saw a dim light, as
though there actually existed an open
ing to the top of the head! This awoke
all his tired muscles and on he scram
bled up through toward the light. Then
suddenly a terrific wind burst through
the gorge, carrying poor Song Do with
it. His climbing in the nose had made
the great stone god' sneeze!
But when the bruised lad came to
consciousness, he found that the giant's
Bneeze had loosened the pear which lay
In the road beside him; and the Quel
partiens still say, "It's a bad wind that
blows not good for some one."
We had Journeyed to the Great Bell
and were now back at the barracks,
and, as I went forward to get the son
of old Ling to help me, I thought of
our own' adage so like the Quelpar
tlens'; but of all the ill winds of which
I knew, what wind blew good for me?
Once in* the officers' quarters, I or
dered out my troops and sent for Kim
Ling. A strong, sober youth of per
haps eight and twenty answered my
summons. I was pleased even the mo
ment I looked upon him. The quiet
grave face assured me that the father
had not misjudged the son. I told the
lad of his father's prayer to me, and of
my words to the King. The youth
drew from hla breast an appointment
he had Just received. It was that of
Secret Chief Guardian of .the Queen.
He had been Informed of his father's
death and that he was raised to his
father's position. Just what that posi
tion wag he had not, as yet, been in
formed, though he was to begin duty
the day of the funeral— to-morrow.
Meantime he was under my control and
— as I admired his stolid presence and
It was like climbing the steepest hill
side in his native mountains, and the
muscles hardened by mountaln-cllmb-
Ing through all the years of his boy
hood were now put to their, stiffest
task. Large clusters of bushes were
growing wherever there had been
earth enough to catch and nourish
wind-strewn seeds. Those nearest the
path were worn by the hands of thou
sands of aspirants as high in hope and
as excited by glowing dreams as Song
Do. Then he stopped to rest and look
down; the Image had now lost its ac
customed figure, and from his high
perch the boy could identify no feature
save only the two great caverns cf the
nose above him. On these he kept his
eyes, and, when the great path turned
away from them, he left it and began
to pick out a new and dangerous
course.
As Song Do (for such was the lad's
name), sat- looking upward, thinking
of the high position in the government
the first possessor of the pear was
prophesied to reach his eyes rested
with fascinating intentness upon the
great black gorges of the Idol's noser
Had no one sought a passageway to
the head through th)>se great caverns?
The Idea was soon burning Song Do's
brain, and. eating the dried fruit he
carried, and otherwise lightening him
self by throwing off his flowing white
cloak, he was soon threading with fe
verish haste the worn path which led
to the steep ascent up the idol's side.
When a mere lad the Governor of
Chal-dong determined to leave his
home in the little mountain village
where hl3 parents lived, and go to the
capital and take the examinations for
a government position.
The boy studied as he journeyed,
scarcely locking about him until he
reached the Great Buddha— an im
mense stone image of great height.
Upon the idol's head, which towered
Into the skies, he saw the famous pear
tree, and the one fine pear upon it
which the youth of his land had vainly
striven to secure for years and genera
tions. V
As. the boy scanned the ragged stone
ride of the idol's jaws and cheeks, and
the precipice of the straight forehead
(at the base of which hundreds had
been killed), he wondered that no one
had endeavored to find another course
to the top of the head. The path
around the ear to the base, of the pre
cipice of the forehead was deeply worn
—but that precipice had never been
scaled.
who slept at the center of the city with
Its booming at midnight, and no erne
found his .rest again; at all the. gates
the cantering hoofs of horses and the
tread of the many weary sandaled feet
of belated pilgrims kept those portions
astir; there were thousands now in
Keinning who could nut find room nor
roof. These sat and smoked and slept
wherever and whenever they 'could—
getting up In their shaggy white gar
ments from a hundred unexpected
places, and wandering aimlessly out
and back again. In passing only to
the barracks I met scores walking to
and fro, seeking protected corners in
which to lie, their arms shoved well
up into their loese sleeves— the Quel
partien method of keeping warm. If
any of these (save the proportion who
were pleasantly drunk) were awake, It,
was the unfortunate's • who not Infre
quently collided and jammed into each
other's throats the long pipes they
smoked. One Door inebriate we passed
had fallen on a doorway while tacking
around a corner and driven his two
foot pipe clean through the back of his
neck. At another he-use a couotryman
had fallen asleep on a doorstep; as we
came by, a wandering fellow-rustic
pulled him gently from the haunted
threshold upon the ground beside it —
where the devil could not "sting him
in his dreams," according to my boy.
Near the little gate we passed the
belated cavalcade of the Governor of
Chal-dong, who had arrived the even
ing before. This worthy Governor was
notorious for a rapid rise to his place of
prominence, the secret of which my
bcry Kelj told me as we passed on down
the wide avenue.
sober intelligence— I ordered him to ac
company me. I needed aides, then. If
ever!. '< ¦•¦: . '.'¦'.' :' -".- ' - V. .•'
I marched my company to th© Rus
sian Legation, halting at the entrance
of the King's wing.- -Entering, ,: I • or
dered the antechamber ' of ; the '.; throne
room to be cleared.- The sarcophagus'
stood in the center of the 'darkened
room. As the last eunuch disappeared,
I led Lieutenant Kim to the "cur
tained alcove. /,':.-
There lay a figure In gray cerements,
still and rigid, on the floor. - Kim raised
it and bore it to the antechamber and
placed it in the sarcophagus. Instant-,
ly_ the room became, heavy,, with , the
sickening odor of spices and balsam.
But as -I turned away a figure in spot
less white stood at my shoulder.
It was the King.
I sat utterly., speechless on . my horse.
With Kim's 1 own hands he had laid
Dulcine Oranoff in the Queen's sarcoph
agus!- j ' ' ' '.;¦ \
Dazed, I cursed myself for a fool for.
thinking Dulcine would have intrusted
such a secret -to another.: The degree
in which she had deceived me "testified
to the degree In which Intrusted her—
for what more Is love than faith after
all? ' , .•;-,' :
I hurried' -Kim 'to. the barracks to
bring my troops, and I set off at- a gal
lop for the, legation.' -'I rode, as though,
I could undo what had been done. Per
haps in my bewildered state. of mind I
believed I could. If so, the idle thought
was suddenly banished . from my mind
by the booming' of the Great Bell. _
This, I had been told, was the signal"
for the King to close the sarcophagus
—the Initial ceremony of the royal fu
neral In the, throne room. ..
Now every fear I had became ; tenfold
fearful, and every danger seemed ten
fold dangerous. Things . which before
had seemed trifles or. had hot < been
considered at all became gigantic, with
terrible possibilities. Was : there ; suffl-.
cient breathing room in that glittering
cell in which I had left ¦ Dulcine?
Would not the journey of three ,, miles
to the , tomb , over those rough streets ,
iri^a*cart cause her to faint and i then?'
suffocate- \ If the King was still fear-"
ful of the dreaded Tuen; why was I. so
brave? Were there riot j possibilities of
danger of which I had not dreamed? I
had/ really taken little definite thought
about freeing the- woman at the Altar
of Spices as I had so -heedlessly prom
ised. Would this be possible? Would
the sarcophagus be veiled from sight
or be exposed to the view of all the peo
ple? " -
* As I dashed forward, these and a
hundred other questions drove the hot
blood to my head.
Remember. 'the 'Altar of Spices and the
signal of the , scabbard. For a day. 1 1 am
Queen of Quelparte incognito. * . D. .
Cossacks, a slight; Irruption in "the
never-ending feud 'between the JapanV
ese and the Quelpartlens, and was:re
turning to the < barracks when Lieuten
ant Kim came to . meet me with , a' ; note
given him by a legation boy who had
hunted me futllely all; day.\ ."" -
. Irtore it open and read: ,
Throughout the long day preparations
for: the event, of the' night 'went-, on.'
The city, was crowded e wlth- country
men, and troops were-; needed .every
where. Nobles and ¦ ¦ rural ¦• governors
with thoir attendants 'kept, pouring
through the gates, with the throngs 'of
commoner type from every portion of
the kingdom— all anticipating^' keenly
the 'great j event "treasured | up in 'talk
and dreamg" since the death : - ; of 'their
Queen.* At sundown the Great Bell of
Keinning would be struck for 'the ini
tial ceremony in i the - throne ; room,
when the King: would" close the 'glass
lid and draw on .the l' : golden ¦; cover.
Then the march.to the tomb would be
sin.. '• ' .: ...... : .. ¦ "¦ -':, . ! '•¦/. . :
' I had hurried to the Ja'panese quarter
of :the'' city to quell, with a show of
-That was all. With one glance at the
sarcophagus, :¦ he -went ; to • the door,
where, his bodyguard, instantly .sur
rounded him again; .. , ;;'¦'.• ¦ .".'.' ¦¦• .V-
could tell the'truth— at times.
The name suggested other things of
which he wished to ask. ;_" ' ¦:£? \
r "Ling 'and -Li '•were both lost?" he
asked suddenly.
"Both." He looked at me sefrchlng
ly now, ' and I j was ; ready with : more
lies. "The fire was premature.*.' - v v - U
"H— 11." exclaimed the King, smoking
furiously: but: then he laughed: ; V
"Old LIrig was a fox." •
pieces if the world did. not know It, for
how then would the myth come true?
Could lt.be depended upon to accom
plish Its own "deathly end without the
• fact of the destruction qf the body be
r ing known?
U^I could not believe the Tuen agents
/would trusty blindly to this ridiculous
j old wife's fable. I v remembered the
King's face," grave and stern; he was
still- fearing; Tuen; and what could he
fear!but*an interruption of the funeral
They certainly knew that
no Queen's .body was in Keinning; they
;knew : : the, pageant was a stupendous
hoax., Yef I did not believe they would
interrupt the funeral." procession— since
It would be heavily guarded— but I felt
sure that by some terrible means the
crowd would be led to believe it was all
. a sham ',. and demand a sight of the
Queen's body. And Dulcine %vould bet
ter; be; thrown to Siberian wolves than
be exposed -to such a multitude mad
dened by the knowledge of this unholy
deception.-" ¦
; MyJ wild ideas galloped on through a
; host of fears' and sickening doubts,
even . as my fine charger broke oh
through j the j great tides of white-robed
humanity that blocked his way. If I
could have 'confided the terrible dan
ger to another, I might have borne my
.anxieties more easily, but I could not.
If I could have reached one single clear
conclusion '; concerning the next move
of: Tuen's people, I might have pre
pared to thwart them; but I could not.
It all resolved itself now.tq a fight for
Dulcme's life with an -enemy whose
power and tactics could not be guessed.
' And the King's fears now Increased
my own an hundredfold!
; When I galloped up to the plaza be
fore the legation, I heard the steady
tramp of my columns, hastened by
Kim from' the barracks. I knew my
, control over, them. "While the ammu-.
nition dealt to others might be blank
cartridges, my men | carried heavier
•shells. The men knew it and respected
themselves and me the more. And we
were to surround the bier on the march
to' the tombj
We are apt to go to extremes In times
of trying suspense. As I rode forward
' v at the head of these hundreds of well
armed men- who respected me, I tried
to laugh at my fears.
We drew- up in a hollow square on
the plaza before the King's wing. With
in, the antechamber and the throne
room .were* seething masses of ser
vants, royal eunuchs, military officers,
palace officials and aides — all hurrying
to and fro silently, but, to the-eye, in
utter confusion. Far up the room, be
fore the throne, stood ' the elaborate
catafalque banked with lotus leaves
and chrysanthemums. Upon it lay the
magnificent 'sarcophagus glittering and
resplendent ! In the swinging lights.
Around* it ¦ moved three stalwart ¦ eu
nuchs In gorgeous apparel. To it my
eyes ran, arid on it they rested long.
It seemed as If I had not begun to
realize Dulclne'a situation before. As
I looked over the heads of the con
'course of people upon her glittering cell
I/ groaned In anguish. For twelve
hours she had lain as one dead, without
a crumb of food or a drop of water to"
moisten the parched lips. But' the
physical strain was nothing, perhaps,
to the mental. With eyes bound over
with flaxen bands she could not know
whether she was plain in view or com
pletely screened from the gaze of the
people.
~ Was "aT" woman ever so placed? A
sneeze or 'cough might cost her a
father's and a lover's life too. And yet
I could have trusted no one else there
as, I could the dauntless, stern Dul
cine. While the perspiration streamed
from my face I sank on a chair, my
head In my shaking hands, and prayed
God to guide and guard.
A roll i of drums brought me to my
feet. The King was coming! Impul
sively I began to press- forward to be
as hear' Dulcine as possible until my
troops could surround her. Of the cere
mony now begun I knew, absolutely
nothing more than Dulcine herself had
told me— that the King was to close
the lid of the sarcophagus. I won
dered anxiously if the girl was right.
Would his Majesty attempt to identify
the remains? This I doubted since they
were embalmed.* No, that fear was
groundless. . BuP fear of Tuen hung
over me like the sword of Damocles. I
felt It might fall any moment at the
raisins of a finger. ,
My very audacity ' In approaching
near the sarcophagus was the best cre
dential I could have had, and Dejneff s
uniform now stood me in good stead,
and I advanced unchallenged until I
could survey the golden, flower
strewn casket.
It seemed strange that I had only
given it a passing notice before. But
how • different it seemed, now that I.
knew what a precious charge It con
tained. It was a very long, deep case,
beautifully ornamented with gold and
mother-of-pearl Inlaid. It measured,
as I ran my eye over it, perhaps nine
feet . in ; length by four ; in depth, and
was ; three feet wide ; the great orna
mented cover which the King was to
draw on was hollow, and was at least
two feet in height. Dulcine could even
stand' up in her golden prison-house.
The cover' locked itself automatically
when once. shot 7 Into, place— this much
I<had ascertained when Kim placed
Dulcine in ¦ It . . that "A morning— and it
could only, be opened from within. Thus
when the King drew the cover on, he
locked ; the Queen's remains In their'
eternal cell, making them proof against
all, but violence. This was the signifi
cance of the present ceremony and di
rectly pointed to the popular fear of
that terrible legend of Quelparte-
Pressing istlll nearer, I could at ; last
see within the flower-strewn . casket.
Far beneath a long glass cover, which
lifted on golden hinges, a form in
musty gray cerements lay/ still and.
calm. 4 So loose was the upper robe that
the^ motion ; of ; breathing . co'uid not be
detected. The face, bound closely In
flaxen bands, seemed calm as In
death.' As I looked, the matchless
bravery of the girl overcame me, and
fora moment I delighted In the daring
of the farce.
Amid another roll of drums the pro
cession entered the throne room, thj
King sauntering: behind his head eu
nuchs, and beside him walked the
Crown Prince.- I stepped down quickly
from my position of vantage on the
steps ascending to the throne, by
me. as I knelt passed the royal party,
the King taking his seat upon the
throne." Finally, after an age of heath
en mummery, Whang-Su descended the
, broad steps to the catafalque, dropped
thejglass lid ;and drew on the golden
cover — gracefully, jauntily." as his .
Majesty did all else. .The girl lay as
dead before him, but I felt sure that
when the heavy cover shot into. place
her nerves gave way from the terrible
strain. I was glad the great cover was
hollow, allowing the prisoner air, for
she could raise the glass lid herself and
sit upright within her magnificent ceU-
My heart, too, was in the Queen's
sarcophagus, smothered by the dense
fragrance of flowers and spice.
As the King passed out, the Imperial
watch, dressed in the brilliant uni
forms of Quelpartlen armjr officers,
took its stand around the sarcophagus;
but I saw at once that they were gen
darmes In disguise. Dejneff was with
them, and I spoke to him as he handed
me my orders for the night. "
"Those men are armed?" I asked In
French.
"To the teeth."
"With powder and ball?"
"Powder, ball, rapier and dagger,**
said the man, swiftly, and I saw he,
too, sensed trouble In the wind. And
he looked at me significantly.
I did not realize that I looked like a
ghost, and so I read into his searching
glance more, than he ever meant. But
to talk a moment with another did me
a world of good.
"You look for trouble?"
"You look as If you had already j
seen it," he replied evasively. -
"How do we get to the tomb?" i (
'/Through the "West Gate; the King's \
Trail of Earth is laid that way."
"My God, Dejneff, not through the
Chinese quarter," I gasped.
The Russian shrugged his shoulders
and tapped his orders significantly and
then moved away.
With a groan I gave one longing
glance at the, golden sarcophagus and
rushed out Into the open air.
THE- SAN FRANCISCO : SUNDAY; 'CALL:
4I want you to" as Maxwell uttered
a fierce protest. Untying a blue rib
bon from her throat she laid it in his
palm; on the ribbon was fastened a
slender circlet of gold, \ twined with
forget-me-nots. Maxwell looked at it
with distaste. /'
"Hence your name," he said absent
ly, twisting the ring with unconscious
fingers. "A good message for him to
leave, but surely an unnecessary name
for you. Who would forget you, blue
eyed Princess. Blue is true, blue is^
why — "He broke off 'abruptly with
eyes suddenly riveted oh the little
ring. For a second: he in be
wilderment, then "glanced* at the girl.
Her face was ; rose-red In the moon
light ' and Maxwell gasped.
"Madeleine," ' he cried swiftly, In
credulously. "Madeleine, is it really
you?" My dear little girl sweetheart,
my first little love, who promised to
marry me.' when she grew up the day
I gave her this ring? Madeleine!" The
girl uttered an uncertain little laugh. ;
"I am Madeleine." . I
"And you* knew "me all the time,"
with sudden intuition. >
"Why, I— I heard that .you were
here,"- under lowered lashes. "And the"
book settled it. ; I told you children
had good memories. " Didn't' you; think
me very \ forward ;• for 'a princess ? You
see I didn't want you to know me, be
cause, that 1 ' it—-*-" breaking off, in
pretty embarrassment. : "You ~ ; seer— -"
"I see that I have been an" ass ! " ex
claimed : Maxwell, 'unsteadily. "Made- '¦
leine," tie leaned; across the hedge : and
tried to take her i hand, but the ; gfrl
slipped back. "Madeleine, I can't ¦ put
the ring back from this side of
hedge." " His pulses - ; were racing;^ his
voice sounded strange in his own ears.
"Madeline/ may I "cross the hedge ?"
• There was a : moment's silence, tense,
vibrant^* 'through ;> which 1 ; Maxwell
caught : dimly ( the;: distant beat of the
waves.'' the ; ; delicate i penetrating fra- .
gran ce of the honeysuckle;: then slowly
she lifted I tender.wistf ul \ eyes . : to ] his,
¦while her lips curved Into the sweetest
smile, v " ¦¦ ' "' '/: ¦'¦'¦'. '.}¦ ¦ ¦
.^¦"You may try/V she said.
(Copyright, 1904. by T. C McClure.)
fv—/^ — ~*i*-^r<l afternoon was
; i "/ff^-. fcV^NtV* jl funny and warm, and
'f -Z^/ If VVsl.ff 1 l^ e youn)? Eian lying
! "•>\,\"B //<*•* fi b* 368 - 111 the oak tree
%N&\fff r^.Pj listless fingers and
j f^yv/J& .vi' » I k* 8 e y es wandered
ita^siaiKggJI idly to the tangle of
green above. Thus It happened that
he did not see a slender white figure
which came down the hill to the frag
rant hedge dividing them. Aroused by
a slight sound, he thrust back his hat.
For an Instant he gazed, bewildered.
Then, meeting the girl's surprised look
he sprang up.
"I hope that I am not trespassing,"
he began doubtfully. "If I am In
truding—"
"No, I believe not," ehe responded.
"Our land stops at this hedge, I fancy.
If you care to stay, of course^— I came
to look at the view." she added, with
come Irrelevance. The man nodded.
"It Is great." he agreed. "I have
rarely seen anything more beautiful."
He was still looking straight at her,
end the girl gave him a suspicious
plance. "I often come here to read
Omar." he went on calmly. "It fits in
Eomehow."
"Really?" with polite, if vague inter
est. "You care for Omar, then?"
"Immensely. A book of verses, un
derneath the bough: a loaf of bread,
a Jag of wine and thou beside me,
singing in the wilderness — ah! wilder
ness were paradise now."
The girt gravely unfurled her fluffy
parasoL
"1 must not longer Interrupt your
reading then," Ehe eaid. "Good-by."
"Good-by! But you have only Just
comfe. Please don't go." he begged.
"I've read enough for to-day."
"But I don't know you," she objected.
The man held out the Omar.
"My name is on the title page,** he
Fuesested tentatively, and the girl,
after a moment's hesitation, ruffling
over the pages, read the name aloud:
"Gordon Lenox MaxwelL Are you
rt-ally Gordon Maxwell?"
The man looked surprised.
OVER A HONEYSUCKLE
"What, Sarah Pendergast, the old
maid? Why, she's been trying her
very best for the last fifteen years to
catch a man, and she'd give all her old
shoes even to say yes to a widower
eighty years old." 4 _
Indeed, it was no one's fault.. It
was simply one of those things that
occur now and then in every commu
nity. A girl gets left out for no par
ticular reason, and the first thing she
knows she's being called aunt, and
looked up to with respect due to old
age. Sarah had a brother William for
whom she kept house. William was
an old bachelor and inclined to silence,
but now and then he had a way of
making the sister feel .that her mission
had been left unaccomplished. On
the night of her thirty-third birthday
the spirit moved him to say:
"Sarah, I've lived a single life for
forty years, and I . don't- Intend to
change it, but if I were you, I'd get
a husband if I had to chase him from,
here to Bebee's Corners."
. "I could have married ten times
over If I had wented to leave you."
she replied.
"Well, don't let me stand in the way
any longer. - I ain't blaming you ¦ al
together, but folks are giggling and
poking, fun at you all over the county.
.Why don't you get out and hustle lik-_»
other girls?" '"
Sara ¦ defended ; her position with
spirit, but that night after I she got to
bed she lay awake for two hours and
then came to a decision. For the first
time since she was. old; enough to
marry she made up her mind to go on
a man-hunt and show brother, William
and the rest of Temple County that
she could get married as well as other
folks. One thing that helped her to
reach this decision Just at the time
was the fact that , young Enos John
son, son of Fanner Johnson,- had. been
paying her attention. That is, he had
The innocent Enos didn't* know what
was in store for him, and, therefore,
came over the next evening to tell how
the old spotted cow 'had a sore, back
and one of the hogs had a swelling on
its Jaw. If he hadn't been so busy eat
ing, Spitzenberg, apples and ." cracking
black ¦ walnuts ¦ he - might have noticed
that Sarah was more affectionate than
usual, and that brother William 'went
oft - to bed; half an hour ahead of his
usual '.time. ••¦•But Enos 'had , no ' guile
and • didn't " expect It in others. Before
he left for home 4 he had agreed to go
sliding' on the pond with Sarah the
next evening, and that night^she lay
awake again to do a little more plan
ning. T Next morning as soon as the '
bachelor brother had : taken' his de
parture ; for the woods, 'she hunted up,
an old s. ax i and waded through 1 the
snow; toafuond'in the old wheatfleld
to' cut a good-sized hole In the Ice.' Had
the | pond -been', on a. gentleman's farm
it would' have ;been called ,*a' lake; had
it j been nearer, the barnyard E it ' would
have been referred to as a horse pond,
called at | the; house now: and: then .of
an ! e venlrig; to eat : apples an d pop-corn
in* her company, and to talk - weather
and crops with her ; farmer brother.
(Copyright, 1904,. by C. B. Lewis.)
•""Y ARAH Pendergast was not to
V^X blame that she had lived to the
X_J a se of thirty-three without being
4™^ married. When she looked back
over the long road she couldn't' see
where it was her fault, and as for oth
er people, they said:
•'And I've fell in love with Sarah!"
"It can't be!"
"Enos, .darling,. kiss me!" came from
the soppy bundle on the. floor. . • ;
."Durned If I don't, and right off now,
with Bill lookin* on!"
Next morning at breakfast, after* a
long period of silence, brother-. Wil
liam queried: ;
''Sarah, who cut that hole in the
icer'v: .."¦ :¦ ¦ * . — ~* . _ ' .
1. .Wirdid,"' she promptly.' answered. ,
' "When are 'you and Enos to be mar
ried?" V
' ' "The" flr«t of May."
" "Urn! I see. Sarah, you are no old
maid!**.
When evening came again behold
brother William nursing a sore heel
-before the kitchen fire, and Sarah and
Enos cantering about the pond like two
children given a holiday. The No. 10
boots worn by Enos soon made a slid
ing place, and, of course, the coy Sarah
— Enos had never seen her so coy be
fore^-managed to slip down at every
slide and be set on her feet again by his
strong arms. Gradually, as she grew
more coy. and artless, and as Enos gal
loped about with more vigor and began
to wonder if he wasn't a good deal of a
feller after all, she so managed things
as to approach nearer and nearer the
hole cut in the Ice that morning. By
and by she got a warning, and later on
another, but she smiled and said she
had a hero at hand to save her. Then
came the climax of her planning. There
was a quick run down hill, a long slide
and a fall and a scream, and into the
hole she went. It was no matter that
her feet could touch the cold mud and
make the bullheads wonder what was
going on, or that she could have pulled
herself . out as fast as she got in had
she so minded. She had a part to play,
and she played it. At her first scream
Enos started for the house yelling "po
lice!" at the top of his voice. At her
second he turned back and grabbed a
fence rail and shoved it at her so vigor
ously that he came near breaking her
ribs with the end of it. It was not until
scream the fifth had risen on the nhrht.
air to make the stars turn pale and
shudder that Enos flung down his hat.
yanked off his overcoat and blue yarn
mittens and showed himself the hero
that he was. - <
After trying to push Sarah a foot
farther down into the mud and water
he suddenly realized that the right
way was to pull instead of push, and
with a heave and a grunt he flopped
her out on the ice. He had heard
that half-drowned people ought to be
rolled on a barrel. There was no bar
rel handy, and so he rolled Sarah over
and over in the snow. When he be
lieved that he had recalled the flame
of life he picked her up like a bag of
potatoes and flung her over his shoul
der < and smarted for the house, and
there was no mistaking his feelings
when he said:
"If Sarah dies of this I hope our
old muley cow will kick my head off."
In wading through the snowdrifts
and climbing rail fences Sarah was
dropped three or four times," and ' each
time she faintly protested that she was
able to walk, but the hero had been
roused to action, and nothing could
stop him. Up went- Sarah again, her
shoes leaking, mud and water and her
wet arms clinging around Enos' neck
and shoulders, and at last he arrived
at the kitchen door and kicked It open
and laid his burden on the floor. .
"Gee-whiz, but what is it?" gasped
brother William, as he got his sore
heel under his chair and faced about.
VSarah's > fell In the .pond 1" ¦
"No iZJBKBffSBaaBmMBtB0BB^m
By C. B. Lewis
SARAH'S STRATEGY
."She can't get It. Help her, How
bridge, there has to be a man any
way. You know how the scene ought
to go."
"I may do for attitude," he said
calmly, "but keep my face out — the
dear "public knows it. Ready? Tell
me If the pose is not right." "A '
Howbridge tried to get down to work
on his story, which was to be of no
great length, and which ordinarily he
could have written in a few days, but
he made -no headway. He could not
suit himself; he made a Jumble of it.
and each morning's 1 installment was
written in a different mood. At last
he destroyed it and began over again,
wondering what was the matter with
him. 9i}.'il
He soon found out. Meanwhile, he
found himself at an inexplicable stand
still In his acquaintance with Joanna,
who seemed to avoid him. One day
he entered the studio while she was
posing, and her eyes met his with a
question new to him. The same day
she , broke off in the midst of a song
to ask:
"To compose a heart-breaking thing
like that did he have' to have had the
experience himself?"
"Not necessarily. If he had suffi
cient artistic imagination he would
get a better perspective of the suffer
ings of another."
She struck up a gay melody, but her
face was thoughtful. Then her mood
changed, and he could not keep up
with her brilliant sallies. She teased
and dared him, half bewildered /ind
wholly charmed him. He decided that
she could flirt most gloriously, and
was ready for her, but by evening she
was again unapproachable.
The next morning he was called to
the studio, where he found Joanna
posing listlessly. Phil was irritated
and critical. ;
sonaliy, as ne nad studied all girls since
his betrothed married another man
while Howbridge was at college dream
ing and writing her sentimental love
letters. • -The other man had always
wasted her, so he stayed on" the spot,
saw her every day, and djd things until
he got hsr— which taught Howbrtdga a
lesson. He woke up, and after that his
characters . were more real — not like
those In his first book.
Joanna had no : heart history. Men
who saw much of her did. They v al
ways to her surprise, fell in love with
her, and to their own surprise, married
other women, and sighingly remem
bered her as a lost love when they had
Indigestion, or lost out in some project.
Joanna liked men in a comradely way,
and never flirted, for she was very sin
cere, and hated to hurt any thing. Be
sides, she wanted to keep her heart all
in one piece.
She and Oliver walked and drove
and canoed together, and talked much
about nothing in particular, and said
a lot that they did not mean, which
was a sure method of learning each
other's, tastes. She ridiculed his com
monplace title, and began posing to
Phil for the illustrations.
But he knew it was. He walked to
her side and drew her into his arms,
with his face against her hair and her
tmr<<*« in h+T, i He quivered, knowing
his touch meant nothing to her— thai
she vu only 1 posing.
When it wa^over he thought It out
in his room. And nearly all night he
wrote — bis own story — and Joanna's—
Just as it' was— how he had met and
come to love her. He put into It his
heart and soul, going beyond fact only
in making her finally yield to his plea
for her love. It was morning when he
finished.
After breakfast he told Phil to let
the pictures go for awhile, got th»
sketches of Joanna, locked them up.
and .went to touching up his work of
the night preceding. Surely It would
move her— it would tell her better than
spoken wcrrds.
After luncheon he slipped the manu
script under her door, and waited. He
heard her enter her room. He walked
the floor, but all afternoon she made no
sign.
At dinner her head was high, her
cheeks pink and her eyes very bright,
and later she asked Howbridge to go
up the river. They walked silently
to the canoe. Johanna took the paddle,
and bade Howbridge not to talk. He
did not wish to. It was enough to loolc
at her and wait till she let him ask hex
about their story. As they glided near
the shore In blurring tree shadows, aha
spoke,
"That !¦ a good story. I congratu
late you on your success." Could she
be Joking? "The plot is clever, tha
characters are true to life and ft is
full of feeling." Her tons was cutting.
"Joanna! Don't you understand?
Don't — ~.":\-
"I understand perfectly. You came
for material, and you got it. Phil say*
you are going to see your publish
ers to-morrow. Well, you needn't re
turn. I despise you. You not only
made me care, but you dared show me
to what, advantage you use my love.
I shall get over it." .
"Joanna!" Her eyes blazed.
"And vou dared to touch me when
my brother's presence made me power
less to resent it, and you knew what
it meant to me? Oliver Howbridge,
you — " but he stopped her.
"It's my turn. now. I love you. The
story was written for you alone; no
one else will see it. It Is the story of
my heart, dear. I thought you would
understand. It was my way of telling
you that life is made up of wanting
you. Don't you see? • Can't you love
mei Jo?"
Her anger died away. Tears stood
In her eyes, but her laugh was saucy,
provoking.
"Yes, Oliver, but not enough to die
with you Just yet."
"Die?"
"Yes, we will, if you don't stay where
you are and stop- tipping' the canoe.**
She was her old teasing self. It was
shamefully late before she. would land,
and let her lover take her Into bis arms
and Into his heart for all time. tf/
"You can't know ¦women very well.
do you? You're too—" she paused
roguishly.
"Too young?" he hazarded.
"I don't know how old you feeL
But it's not a^e that elves insight. Is
It? By the way. Mr. Howbridge,
where do you get your material? For
your new story, for Instance,, that's
announced for September? The title
— isn't !t 'weak? And how do you know
"What Life Is Made Of?' '*
"Suppose I came down here Just
to find out?" he said mysteriously.
"Perhaps you can show me? They
cay that -women know. The story Is
hardly begun. Can't you find me a
model for a heroine? It would be a
charity to the reading public" Joanna
rr.'jsed.
. "There aren't ten Interesting women
in this neighborhood, not even count
ir.K my sister-in-law — "
"And you."
"Thank you, since I couldn't say It
myself." Their conversation was cut
short by the entrance of Phil and his
wife, who liked her husband's friends,
and had invited Howbridgre to spend
his six weeks' vacation and write his
story at "The Place Apart," as they
called their summer home, which was
near. Phil was an illustrator, and be
tween him and Mrs. Phil, who had been
an interior decorator, the co-ttage was
a thing to dream about artistically.
They had a keen sense of what not to
put lr.to a house. Joanna, who was
practical, lived with them, did the
housekeeping, which she loved, posed
for her brother and roamed the woods
with her big St. Bernard dog.
Howbridge was given a room, abso
lute disposal cf his time and potluck
In a family that had all the charms
and rone of the discomforts of camp-
Ing. Joanna treated him like an amus
ing playmate, teased him about his lit
erary abstractions and his writing and
pretended to search for a model for
bis heroine. Ehe knew little of books,
but could caricature effectively, sing
like a thrush and play the piano with
znuslcianly Instinct. She was 22. and
had always lived. He was 33, and had
always written— with moderate suc
cess.
Howtorldg» studied Joanna lrnper-
"Follow your conscience. Miss Tren
ton. Hut did Phil make you read It? I
wouldn't mir.d knowing whether you
cried at the ri^ht places. Did you?"
He leaned toward her. His strong face
•was clean shaven; his gray eyes were
non-committal; he had the sad mouth
and pestle manners of a humorist.
"Oh, I didn't read it." she said.
"Why not?"
"Because I did read your first book.
I don't like your women. I'd like to be
pclite, but you mentioned my con
science."
"Don't nilnd my feelings, and tell me
what is wrong with the women in my
tales."
"They are all right. It's you. You
make them do what they never would
do of their own free wilL Now, you
married Fanny to that Burson; he
wasn't even interesting." He waited
for her to continue, his fertile fancy
fitting literary situations about her
personality.
"He's ell right, Jo," Phil said. ~and
I hope you won't break his heart badly
enough to keep him from finishing the
story I'm to Uliffitrate — if rouTl pose
for me."
Jocnra's b!tse eyes danced — then, and
a little later when Phil made an insuf
ficient excuse, and left them alone.
Howbridjre felt as If he had been told
to play with a strange little girL Joan
na ¦was Quite at ease. The mischievous
freedom of her slance contradicted the
reserve of her bearing. Howbridge de
cided that she was fit to be the heroine
of an unusual story. She was blond
and beautiful end magnificently talL
"Are you waiting for me to say I en-
Joyed your last book?*' she questioned
at last.
(Ocpyrisbt, 1SO4. by K. A. Whiteaead.)
PHIL TRENTON waa sorsetblns
of a matchmaker. He wanted his
friend Howbridge in the family,
ar.d was pleased to introduce
him to M« onlv sixter. Joanna.
THE ! SAN FRANCISCO )- SUNDAY OAL£.
By A. M. Bavies Og'des*
Still in silence the girl bent across
the odorous hedge and slipped the
flower . into his coat. Suddenly his
hand closed over the fingers on his
breast, holding them so that she could
feel the pounding of his heart. For
a long moment the girl looked deep
Into his eyes.
"The game has been very pleasant,"
she said slowly. "But now the end
has come and ..to-night I am to say
good-by." ¦ mm . ' *
Maxwell started. "Good-by," he
echoed stupidly. "Now, after you have
come to me. . Good-by! It has not
been all a game," he went on, gather-
Ing courage. The girl put up a pro
testing hand..
< "No, no, we were pretending. Re
member." . . v
¦ "There was no pretense on my
side," Maxwell's voice was steady. "I
love you." -¦ . V.v '•
"But you can't, you mustn't. You're
not playing . fair. Besides, you don't
even know. my name," urged the girl
in dismay. Maxwell laughed. .
"Not know you ? I ¦ tiave always
known you and waited for you," he as
serted. The girl, who • had glanced up
quickly, shook her head.
"You are mistaken," she murmured.
"I— I thought' ourselves just, pretend
ing, I thought you knew the rules of
the game, : forgive ' me, but— I am ¦ al
ready engaged."
"What ! " .;-; the exclamation . broke
sharply from MaxwelL" I, When he went
on It was in ; an • altered voice. . t . , .
; "I • seel It * has been ' m'r own ¦ fault.
I should have played even, but I put
too muca ~ on , the I hazard. '-. V , Double "• or
quits the game -and *I" lose. QuitsMt
Is," with a; : bitter /little r laugh. ; The
girl caught her,. breath. / " .'¦ \ ', ¦
: ; "But I •¦-' 5 never f; dreamed •»" that .you
would take it ' HkV this,", she faltered.
"And—and it^ was; so, long ago^that : I
became 'engaged; -it is only, lately I
have ' learned : that he still "cares;
Would : you care to m»'. my "' engage
ment ring?" rather wistfully." •'Yes,
he begged. But as she mechanically
held it out he drew back.
"Put it on for me," he besought.
now."
"But," Interposed Maxwell again,
"can't you see it's only because I want
to meet you again somewhere, any
where," recklessly. "What do I care
for Mrs. Cory. You will come back
here," he implored. The girl smiled.
"You will promise to stay on your
own side of the hedge?" >.}
"If I must," obediently. "But — am I
never to cross it?" Her face changed.
"Before I leave I will myself break
the spell, and then perhaps—" she
hesitated. "But until then, no."
"You are going," In alarm. She
laughed again, wj£<
"Surely you cannot expect me to re
main forever."
"I could remain here — forever," he
answered. * . .
"On the other side- of the fence,"
with tilted chin. , — \
• "On the other side," emphatically.
"Would I were there now." >
"Already wishing for my depar
ture," murmured the girl In exagger
ated reproach. "Good-by, then, this
time really good-by."
"But you will come back," eagerly.
She paused and glanced back over her
shoulder. ¦
"Perhaps,"- she answered.
The slow, sweet summer days drift
ed lazily by and with them Maxwell,
half . consciously, but none > the. less
steadily, felt his peace of mind slip
ping ¦ likewise n ' .
And then at last, when all r the world
lay white and dreamy beneath, the
moonshine, she. came, stepping dain
tily across the dewy grass. At sight
of her Maxwell drew a long breath:
"Ah, moon of my delight, that
knows no" wane." r he breathed. The
girl's gaze wandered past him to
where the waves, danced 'in shimmer
ing rippies under the \ soft radiance,'
and for a" space the spell of the. night
laid .its hush upon them.. 'Maxwell
leaned toward the barrier. 1
"Do you smell the . honeysuckle ?*•
he murmured.' The girl shivered.
"It Is almost " too sweet," she an
swered low. t "Too intense."
"Then cireme the spray yon wear."
"What do you know of me?"
"Who has not heard of the great ten
nis champion?" she laughed, half-mock
ingly. "Here Is your book."
"But you were only a child then." he
persisted. "And I have been abroad
ever since." »
"Sure, but children have good memo
ries, you know."
"You must have been a lovely child,"
he murmured reflectively. The girl
frowned.
"I really must go," she repeated. Max
well took a hasty step forward.
"Please don't. And forgive me. And
won't you tell me who you are?"
The girl ehook her head decidedly.
"I only tell my name to my friends."
"And are not we friends?"
She opened wide eyes. "Not yet, sure
ly."
"Well, let's pretend then," he urged.
The girl, gazing at him with more ap
proval, relented a little.
"Let's pretend by all means. I will
therefore Introduce myself as the Prin
cess of the Blue Forget-me-nots, who
lives In yonder enchanted castle." wav
ing her hand toward the hill.
Maxwell sighed contented.
"What a lovely name. It exactly suits
your eyes. And Is Mrs. Cory your aunt,
then?" hurrying on at signs of danger.
"Why haven't I met you before? I will
come and call," reflectively. "I .love
Mrs. Cory." The girl flushed.
"No, no, you mustn't," she cried ab
ruptly. "That Is, my aunt is ill," half
confused. Then at Maxwell's puzzled
stare she broke into persuasion. "Don't
you see how the whole thing would be
spoiled," ehe cried. "If we were to
meet at teas and chatter inanities as
people do. If you were to meet me 'out'
as plain Miss Smith — can't you see,
don't you understand?"
"But—" objected Maxwell. The girl's
e;cs flashed.*
"Oh. very well, then, do It/* ehe de
clared. "What does It matter anyway?
I should not have come here, should
not have spoken to you at alL • You
have shown, me that quite plainly.
Therefore, In any case I think the ac
quaintance had better stop here and
5
HIS OWN HEART-. Now comes .again Wallace Irwin,
Sah Francisco's pride and the cham
plonn^llghtweight' : rhymasier v of , the
United '[ States : and ; Canada, -with , , a
'booklet! of, foolishness; In verse which
he calls . !'Falry".- Tales *?Up-to-No\y."
With ; his inimitable .disregard of holy
traditions,, Irwin ; takes the ¦'• helpless
little nursery ¦¦ tales „ of '"Babes t in the
. Wood," ¦ •'Cinderella,"; "Jack , the'Glaht
Killer 1 ' and the rest and 'explains them
IF. gentle^ Ella: had ; lived more . of his
life: near ' fc ¦ Margate Hoy y than . - in
rhreadneedle street he might ;. have
written something' very like Halllwell.
Sutcliffe's : ; "A'-, Bachelor in'; Arcady."
The same' quaint conception of life that
prompted*' Lamb's:. dissertations .upon
London sweeps^ or tlie decay, of ' beggars
moves ' Sutcllff e .to'" presume > that v cow*
language (is'. Infinitely^ niore : e.jrpressive
i than^man j language,*, or ;that^a : healthy|
row. of ; peas = in ! a country, garden o Is j of
more , worth" than much" goldrr The sweet
spirit f\ of > contrariness '<¦ which t makes
Lamb's;, essays f soVwhimslcal ¦ . and '\,\ of
such^an \ Intimate " appeal -I to ; the ; heart
pervades r; this i little;, country , - idyl y of
.SutcllfCe^s,"' ;. touching j off ; -its ?; self -con;
f eased ; bachelor;: crahklsms : and . odd) lit-1
tie r egolsms ; bf/convlctlon \with ; Just [ the
A Fresh Breath/
Out of ; Arcady
GEORGE ,BARR McCUTCHEON
is one. of those versatile young
men who can report battles for
newspapers and write romances for the
great public. His latest manifestation
\>f genius Is clothed in the form of as ,
delightful a little comedietta as it has
been the good fortune;of -a reader to
lay hands on for many a longsome day.
"The Day of the Dog" he calls it, and
really a nice, genteel English bull |pup
and a. broad, flat beam \ fifteen feet
above the • floor of a country barn In
Illinois unite to play the gentle .god
f rom^the • machine in this little entre
acts skit of McCutcheon's. No more de
lightful comedy than this bears Frank
- Stockton's magic name. ,
. . This" is :.the situation : ., A young law
-yer ¦ and the . pretty widow, whose estate
Is his care are marooned upon a beam'
* in a carriage-house by The Dog whose
• day it is. 'He must. have her sign some
papers In order that her rapacious
brother-in-law- may " not ' swindle her
but; of her estate; the brother-in-law
hopes to delay : the ; law's \ course by
keeping" the twain upon their airy perch
and so - he '. ¦will- not call off .the- dog.
There they sit consequently, until "love
finds ; a way" " and • they "escape into the
dewy night. This situation's capital
and ' McCutcheon has made the^ very
best of it. Some"- illustrations in color
'¦ by. Harrison : Fisher : and , dainty.: mar
' ginal decorations give- the proper, finish
to a charming little story.
' (Dodd, Mead t'Co.', New York; 'price
v $1 25.) ;"¦'. :'. . \ ' '. - . > "k. ¦
Some Nonsense
and Otherwise
THE DARROW 'ENIGMA — Melvin
S. Severy; Dodd, Mead & Co., New y
York; illustrated; price $1 50.
THE DAY OF THE DOG-H3eorgo
Barr McCutcheon; Dodd. Mead & Co.,
New York; illustrated In color; price
WHEN A MAID MARRIES—La
vlnia; Hart: Dodd, Mead & Co.,' New
JTork; "price $1-
THE, BRIDE OF GLENDEARG—Al
lan Mclvor; W. J. Ritchie, New York.
ROBERT CAVELIER— William Dana
Orcutt; A. C. McClurg &. Co., Chicago;
illustrated; price $1 50.
PRACTICAL TRACK AND FIELD" j
ATHLETICS— John Graham and Ellery
H. Clark; Fox, Duffield & Co., New
Y6rk;illustrated;.prlce $L
AMERICAN ; PROBLEMS — Joseph A.
Vance; the Winona Publishing Com
pany, Chicago; price 75 cents.
PHYSICAL TRAINING FOR WO
MEN—;H. Irving Hancock; G. P. Put
nam's .Sons, New York; illustrated;
price $1 25.'^HSS9BBBWlMI
THE THEATRICAL PRIMER—Har
oid Acton Vivian; G. W. Dillingham &
Co., New York; illustrated; price 75c
TWISTED HISTORY — Franl* C.
Voorhies: G. W. .Dillingham & Co.,
NeWi York; illustrated; price $1.
FAIRY TALES UP-TO-NOW—Wal
! lace Irwin ; Paul Elder & Co.; San
Francisco; bound in matrix, price 50c;
-bound in paper, "price '25c.
FROM ; PARIS TO NEW YORK BY
. LAND— H. de/Wlndt; F. Warne & Co.,
New^York ; . illustrated ; price $3.*
FREE'TRADE AND PROTECTION
—Charles W. Smith; P. S. King * Son, ,
London*; " price 2s (k* r
A KNIGHT OF COLUMBIA — Gen
eral Charles King; the* Hobart Com
pany, New York; Illustrated.
LETTERS FROM A SON TO HIS
SELF-MADE FATHER— Charles Eus
tace Merrlman;^ the Robinson Luce
Company, Boston; illustrated. "7,
THE MIDDLE WALL— Edward
Marshall; G. W. Dillingham Company,
New York; Illustrated; price $1 50.
QUINTUS / OAKES — Charles Ross
Jackson ;'G. W. Dillingham Company,
New York; price $1 50.)
STRONG MAC— S. R. Crockett;
Dodd, Mead & Co., New York; illus
trated; price .$1 50.
NewBooks Received
This autobiography, . unfortunately
an unfinished product, is a story to be
read carefully and with appreciation,
as it is in parts. picturesque, at other
times remarkably instructive, and
throughout a narrative ' which -makes
the heart beat ; quicker and : the ¦ brain
leap forward in imagination.
(Houghton, Mlf fl!n & Co., Boston;
2 vols.; price $5.) -. .. . . ,
of such a sucker as me sis President,"
roared Lincoln, rocking back and
forth in his merriment.
Follows Villard's exhaustive account
of- the campaigns of the war wherein
he acted as war correspondent for the
New York Herald and later the
Tribune. Engrossed In the fascinat
ing recountal of the terrible succession
of momentous events which he wit
nessed, Villard has expanded the rec
ord of his . personal observation into
detailed accounts and comments upon
the more important campaigns drawn
from close study of the authorities
upon both sides. His first battle was
the disastrous affair of Bull Run, then
he became connected with the > army
of the West- His description of the
tremendous fighting at Shlloh is made
striking by the assertion that Grant
was unprepared for the blow of the.
first day's fighting. "While it was no
doubt true,*' says Villard, "that the
Union pickets were on the alert and .
that their firing gave a short - warn
ing to the Federal camps of the ap
proach of the enemy before the hostile
host was' actually upon them, it is
likewise \ incontestable that neither .
General Sherman, whose division held
the most advanced position, nor Gen
eral Grant had the remotest suspicion
that the whole rebel army was within
artillery range of the former. Wit
ness Sherman's report by field tele
graph on that very Saturday afternoon
to Grant: 'All is quiet along my lines
now. The enemy has cavalry, in our
front, and I think there are two regi
ments and one battery six miles out-L
And still later In the day he reported
further: 'I do not apprehend any
thing like an attack upon our posi
tion.* Witness, further. Grant's dis
patch to superior, authority • on the
same day: 4 I have scarcely the faint
est idea of an attack being made' upon
us, but -will.be prepared should such
a thing take place.* " " ' .
.Villard was present at 1 , the woeful
battle of Fredericksburg.and was the
first correspondent to get the news to
Washington. He saw the attack of
the ironsides upon Charleston forts
in /63. The " battles of Murfrees
boro, Chickamauga * and Chatta
nooga command the most able of all
Villard's efforts. Though- fever" pre
vented Villard from active duty In this*
campaign, he has made an elaborate
study of its tactical problems, which
reflects very greatly upon " the char
acter of Rosecrans, the commander of
• the Federal forces.' With the close
of this campaign. Villard's com
mentaries upon ', the war come to an
abrupt end and the next and last
book comprises a hurried ; resume of
his successful career as a ¦ railroad
builder and financier.
There are detectjve stories and de
tective - stories, but for absolute riot
of imagination, the piling of mystery
upon mystery and the working of the
plot machine "until each of its wheels
screams In an agbny of excessive fric
tion, "The Yellar Holly," by Fergus
Hume, takes the prize centennial me
dallion. Herein the grisly cloud of
suspicion hangs over eaeh and every
character in the book successively,
the heroine excepted, and fr % om each jv
regularly lifted to be transferred 't"S,
the next in line. Diabolical machina
tions are concocted against the hero
by the plotting villains. Time and time
the clew is run to earth, only to prove
a false one. The author certainly ful
fills all the requirements of a good de
tective story by making the mystery
impenetrable until the last chapter, but
a reader must have a healthy mental
equipment to follow through with the
maze to the last.
> (G. W. Dllllngham & Co.; New York;
price $1 50.)
¦Nance's narrative' of her many ad
ventures with the crook Tom . Dorgan
is as exciting as a page from "Raffles."
Then-, comes -her -meeting ?.' wlth^ the
vaudeville manager and' her chance to
shut the ' door. on "Crooked street,",
which 1 she does* with commendable em
phasis. How she took a super's . part
In the vaudeville, then rose to outshine
the ; star, attraction "herself, and finally
found absolution for all her sins of
the past In a wholesome; love— : these
things she tells In . a- breezy, whole
hearted : fashion*. that ". carries : her in •" a
bmihd straight to the reader's heart."
To borrow,' Nance's ' own ; phraseolo'gy
for an Ihstant; ' "In the; Bishop's Car/
riage'.' Is .a corkin* good book. *
(Bobbs-Merrilli Company, 5 Indianapo
lis; illustrated; price 51 50.) - .
HIRIAM' ailCHELSO>f , " whose
name, is a' familiar one to mem
bers of the -local newspaper, fra
ternity, has had, published a. novel un
der thrf title" of "In the Bishop's,Car
riage*,''Jwhlch is as clever and livening
a piece.'of ;fictlon;as has appeared this
season.^vThis . piece of work alone
should 'guarantee the author's final
emancipation' from the grind of news
paper life into the Elysian fields of
fiction. . the ; bourne toward which", so
•many despairing faces are turned.
.This novel of Miss- Mlchelson's, the
outgrowth of a little story of hers
which appeared in Alnslee's Magazine,
hits upon a decidedly new theme in con
temporary fiction, a thing, by, the way,
which is in itself deserving of especial
mention^ There have been stories of
gentleman rogues, and lady adventur
esses aplenty, but the tale of a full
blooded lady- crook and shoplifter who
finds her redemption ; out of her own
heart is something refreshingly unique.
Miss Michelson's. Nance Olden is as
sprightly a young creature as .one
would meet in a month of Sundays.
Miss Michelson has gone at her story
in the right way. ; Instead of looking
down on her, plot from. a distant place
and developing her heroine's character
through ', the* clumsy, medium of % the
third person, the, author puts. the. whole
story into the. delightfully fantastic
mouth of -Nance,, the waif from the
"Cruelty." It rieeds no' lengthy disser
tations upon , Nance's i unhappy v - child
hood and" the. application of the sta
tistics .of 'crime "to 'account' for her
seemingly hopeless degeneracy at -the
opening of . the story. >. In ' a . dozen words
Nance tells it all. and more, .too. Her
very first words . • are an ' epitome of
her whole life .up to the : day when she
rode in the carriage of. the "dear little
Bishop." ¦ . .ry^V'
The Lively Life
'^fMp£ad^^Hief }
hoe." , are ; also chronicled. A : : page is
given to Baron Horace Guezburg, to
whom , the Jewish communities of -Rus
sia are much indebted for his work In
their behalf. - In history and anthropol
ogy Volume , VI *is ; rich in information.
Although considerable historical mate
rial concerning the Jews has been col
lected during the nineteenth century,
there:has been a lack of carefully di
gested records of the activities .of the
Jews as 'separate entitles in various
countries and- congregations. To Pro
fessors Richard Gottheil and * Gottard
Deutsch has fallen " the : laborious duty
of supplying .this deficiency for all
countries, America, England and Rus
sia excepted, they having been entrust
ed to Dr. Cyrus Adler,. Joseph Jacobs
and Herman Rosenthal, respectively. ::
Under the heading, "Gregory . the
Great," on page 90, one finds a brilliant
article on the attitude of this- eminent
Pope toward the Jews, written by Dr.
Hermann Vogelsteirv rabbi at Konigs
berg, and joint author or the standard
work on the "History- of the Jews of
Rome." Dr. Samuel^ Krauss of the
Budapest Normal School contributes
the data for- "Hadrian,'.' the Roman
Emperor, who suppressed the Jewish re
bellion at Cyrene and Alexandria, and
duringv whose reign the, Jews suffered
a period of bitter." persecution. ' Chief
Rabbi Dr. Samuel, Fuchs of Luxemburg
writes on •'Hammurabi,'.' -King "of Shi
nar, the founder of the Babylonian em
pire, and, as codlfier, one of the fore
runners of Moses. ~>ln the short sketch
of the life of Herod Max SeligSohn dis
credits the gospel; story connecting this
ruler with the slaughter of the Inno
cents. . ' ;.. . .. -\ ., ' ,
Besides many articles on Jewish
archaeology calculated to be of interest
to students only there is one of'whim
sical interest upon hair,* its mode of
dress in biblical times and religious and
ethical significance. The % rabbinical
section of this article is supplied by
Dr. I. Broyde, .who tells us that in
rabbinical times "a man who, curled
his hair was regarded as a vain person.
At the age of 17 Joseph was still termed
*na. f ar,' or lad, because he was childish
enough to curl his hair. -Elijah had
naturally* curled hair; his enemies, 1
however, mocked him,,'-' declaring that
he curled it. / •
'.'While Samson was filled by the Ho'.y.
Spirit , his hair," we are told, \"made a
noise like bells, and <the sound was
heard from Zorah»to Eshtaol." The
anthropological slde^of "hair" Is treat
ed in a third article, which Is accom
panied by various ''. tables ¦ showing tho
percentage of Jews in various European
countries . having, blonde, brown/ black
or red hair. Other] tables -treat, of the
character of the hair— whether straight,
wavy or curly; ; U\:i
Students of folk-lore will find In the
account , of the ' ancient Aramaic song,
'/Had Gadya," a" unique treasure. ;^ It:
would seem that 'the ; familiar "House
That Jack Built" ' of •' our nursery days
had its origin in this "Had Gadya,"
or "One < Kid," * which, .translated, runs>
in this wise:
"One only":kid, one oniy' kid, which
my. father bought. for\two zuzim. .One
only kid, one only . kid. The cat came
andfate the kid; etc. Then came. the
dog,' and bit the cat, ; etc. ,Then\came
the stick and beat \the dog,, etc. Then
came the fire that burned the stick,
etc. Then came the water that
quenched : the fire, etc f. Then came the .
ox i and (drank ¦ the etc.'! . "Then \
came the , slaughterer . and killed , the
ox, etc. Then came* the angel of death
and - slew L the slaughterer, ; etc. ,' • Then
came the Most Holy-^blessefl be He \—.
and 'destroyed the Tahgel fof death (that
sleWithe slaughterer that '.killed the ox'
that drank \ the' >/water'; that } quenched :
the fire; that; burned theystickthat beat
the * dog i that * bit the j cat -, that ate, the
. kid I which j my "father/ bought \ for;, two
zuzim. • One ; only ? kid,"; one only kid."
' (Funk\ & Wagnalls Co/, \ New « York ;
special price*' in advance "of publication,'
per volume,' $6.) . ";l . ' . ' : .Jl^^s
WITH the" publication of volume
r.VI the Jewish Encyclopedia #
completes the first half of Its
total publication, comprised in
twelve volumes." Already mention .has
been made In these. columns of the re
markable scope and the scholarly char-,
acter of this latest. addition to cyclo- :
pedic' knowledge. .For those who are
not of the Jewish "faith the remark
able fund of archaeological facts and,
rabbinical lore offered in the special
treatments of Biblical and Talmudic
subjects herein contained make the**
book of as great a value as it must
be to Jewish scholars antl teachers.
To state that the present volume' ranges
from' "Go'd" " to "Istrla" and contain i
1813 articles from 194 editors and col
laborators'must at the same tlr.:e dem
onstrate its immensity, and the inad-'
equacy of any review which time and
space permit the writer of these col
umns, to make.
Perhaps one of the most scholarly ar
ticles in the present volume is that on
u *God," by the noted professor of rab- .
binical literature at Chicago . Univer
sity, Em UG. Hlrsch. Drawing his data
from theTBlble and the Talmud and an
cient Jewish commentators, Dr. Hlrsch
herein portrays the . original , Hebraic ,
conception of the Almighty, the inter
pretations of the divine character by
the psalmists and prophets and ... the
later changes in belief due . to Hellen
istic influences, and the incursion of
gnostic thought. The arguments of the"
. early Jewish logicians; upon the unity
of God, the laws ; of God. and the ever
'present, ever-living God are all given
a place in this comprehensive and ex
ceptionally painstaking, review of a
subject which has been argued since
history began. , • *-. '
.*. Especially rich in biographies this
. volume happens to, bel; Heine", the apos
,tate r Jew and phtlosopher-poet, , is > the
subject of a biography - by Joseph Ja
cobs. The . Baron : and . Baroness de
Hifsch, philanthropists, are given
places. I We have also here the career
-of • Abraham Goldfadeh, Hebrew and
Yiddish poet and founder » of the-Yid
dish drama, as well as that of Jacob
Gordin, the leading .Yiddish playwright
irilthis country. The, name .of , Leon
'Gordon, who ' has enriched Hebrew lit
erature .with his contributions, ; is like
wise to be "found . here. 1' ; ; And, oddly
enough,; . the encyclopedia ., contains a
sketch of Lord George Gordon, , Engjjsh
... agitator.; and convert to Judaism, who
is described • by : Dickers in ¦ "Barnaby
j. Rudge." ¦ ' There \ is a sketch . '. of, J Karl
Goldmark, ; Hungarian; pianist, viol i nist
and • operatic composer... The • j Gottheil
family of New -York, which suffered se
. verely. a short time ago by . the death of .
; Rabbi Gustav^ Gottheil; is given' its rec
;• ord, while. the'. achlevementsTof '• the f a^ ;
mous Gratz family,-.. of ; Philadelphia,*
•„ which numbered r among; its V members
Rebecca Gratz.'.the supposed model! for.
the ; Rebecca of Walter -Scott's VIvan-.
The Encyclopedia
Half Completed
from a modern newspaper point of g
view. Thus with scare-heads in blaclc*
faced type it is announced that a
walking delegate hypnotized the
sleeping beauty and that an adul
terated food scandal lurked behind
the suspicious disappearance of Lit
tle Red Riding Hood. To add to the
newspaper atmosphere some of the
booklets are bound in newspaper
matrix — an oddity which will be even
'a curiosity to the general public.
Altogether, the collection of metric
fantasies is quaint and amusing.
(Paul Elder & Co.. San Francisco;
matrix covers, 50c; paper, 25c.)
"Practical Track and Field Ath«
letics," by John Graham, athletic in
structor at Harvard, and Ellery H.
Clark, American champion all-round
athlete, is a little text book which
should be in every . college training
quarters, in it the joint authors re
view each track and field event from
the 10 0-yard dash to the latest feature,
throwing the discus, giving in each in
stance the best methods for acconr-4
pllshing the feat and pointing out \
common faults which deter, the would
be champion from exerting his muscles
along the line of least resistance. An
introductory note and a word about
athletic training in general show the
place athletics should have in every
college and academy and the In
fluences which it has upon the bodily
and mental health of those who par
ticipate in the sport Fifty-two photo
graphs of well-known athletes in ac
tion serve as efficient guides to the
text.,
(Fox, Duffield & Co., New York;
price $1.)
same captivating chaim. Sutcliffe's
eyes are for -the country with much the
same keenness that Ella's were for the
city;! his 'story is a series of essays out
'of-EIiana with* the merest thread of a
plot interwoven to give It modern form.
: The . self-satisfied bachelor of the tale
finds himself king of his little Ar
cady,', a domain bounded by the walls
beyond his -pansy beds and. cabbage
'plat and- the good, broad eaves of-his
void country: home. Herein ensconced,
safe" from the moil and trouble of the
world and. having no care but for his
pea vines and the health of his good
hqrses and cows, the bachelor in-,
dulges in uninterrupted musings upon
the worth of the flowers, the klne and
the birds of the air to mankind. In
the rooks which steal his fruits, the
dogs which are his henchmen and
even the jovial beggar who/cozens out
of him the price of many qiiaffings, the
bachelor finds rare traces of commun
ity of. c spipt,and blood brotherhood.
To him beasts are far more tolerant
of. boorishness and courteous toward
ignorance than men. To him, like
wise, - the sweet companionship of the
meadow,: grassed, over with waving
green, or the tripping trout stream has
a stronger appeal. than the call, of so
ciety. ; "What: is so rare as a day in
June?" is the armorial device of this
happy bachelor. >
But there 'gradually steals over his
heartthelrifluenceof little Cathy, the
girl yet'-a \ child, ' but, sadly enough,
very much a woman when he stands
tongue-tied and stammering before
her on the bridge of Amity with all
his bachelor's /- harness of defense
pierced through and through. Then
comes the. new light Into Arcady; the
daws are merrier, the trees greener,
but . the stupid • bachelor knows not
why uhtilat last the scales fall from
his eyes and he sees himself ensnared
for good and all.
This lightly sketched, tale of Sut
cliffe's, with its absence of any weary
ing "problem and its rich, full flow of
nature sap, is as restful and invigor
ating to the jaded reader as a. trip to
the country. In humor, sly, evanescent
quips .and oddities of concept, it
abounds, i Fcr its one admirable char
acter sketch alone, that of . the crum
gudgeon Stylesey, it could be recom
mended were there none of. the many
other attractive features which make
it a. book to be read and reread and,
then placed in a handy place for ref
erence on a dismal day.
(Thomas Y. Crowell & Co., New York;
price $1 50.) .
THE "Memoirs of Henry' Villard"
is a book of strong appeal. The '
American loves to read of a |
successful fight, whether It be
against a foe in the field or a niggard
ly and resisting fortune. Henry Vil- •
lard, who came to the land of promise
from his home in Germany a poor out
cast boy. sans purse and sans friend,
died a millionaire, the man of * many
affairs, the captain of industry; that
way a good light, and that it is which
will appeal to the restless, striving
American. But aside from this rec
ord of strenuous endeavor Villard's
posthumous memoirs have a value
from another i>oint of view. Few peo
ple know, perhaps, that this builder of
railroads and strong nan in Wall
street was ujkmi the grounds when tha
tremendous history, of the Civil War
was in the making. As correspondent
for various New York papers, Villard
was In the thick of the fighting from
Hull Run to Chattanooga. It is the
careful transcript from his persona^
observation of these great events, in
corporated to make the major part o*
his story, that gives his "Memoirs" an
historical importance.
Unfortunately for those who would
know thoroughly the*v.hole record of
Villard's varied activities, the autobi
ographer has chosen to dwell at great
length upon his early life and experi
ences in the Civil War to the sacrifice
of much that would be fascinating
reading were he equally as cyclopedic
in recording the period of his financial
triumphs and his pioneering in West
ern railroads. But ill health intervened
to prevent Villard's completion of his
memoirs upon the scale which he had
mapped out, and he was forced to .
make only a "compendium" of his ac
tivities from 1863 to ISS9— a brief 125
pages in which the writer drops the
ego which had made the previous
pages so absorbingly interesting and
writes from the distant formalism of
the third person. Notwithstanding the
fact that throughout the narrative we
are given pen pictures and personal
Judgments of such men as Stephen A. ¦
Douglas, Lincoln, Grant and Sherman,
Villard himself is the most command
ing figure in the book. Simple and
unassuming in his recountal of his life
struggle, free to criticize and free to
acknowledge himself in error, seeming
to view his remarkable achievement!
from a purely Impersonal view, yt*
finding in them something of interest
from a quaintly objective standpoint,
Villard reveals himself without boast
ing — a character which strikes our im
agination and arouses our admiration.
Villard was born in Bavaria in 1835,
the son of a hard-headed Justice of the
Supreme Court. Hardly . had young
Henry's gymnasium course been fin
ished when there arose between himself
and his father a dispute as to what his
life work was to be. Despairing of
winning his father over to his way of
thinking young Hilgard, or Villard, as
he called himself after leaving the
fatherland, left for America in 1853
without a groat in his pocket over and
above his passage money and with not
the slightest knowledge of the English
language. The space within which this
review must be confined does not per
mit of a resume of the long series of
struggles which the boy made both in
New York and in the van towns of what
was then the West before he succeeded
in becoming the correspondent of the
New York Staats Zeitung to "cover"
the Lincoln-Douglas debates in Illinois.
Villard'e accounts of the historic de
bates are somewhat meager, but the
picture he gives of Lincoln as that
great man first impressed him is one
cf the most noteworthy things in the
b«,ok. With characteristic frankness
Villard says that the gawky, untutored
backwoodsman disgusted him outright
with his provincial manners and coarse
speech.
"As far as all external conditions
were concerned there was nothing In
favor of Lincoln," says Villard. "He
had a lean, lank, indescribably gawky
figure, an odd-featured, wrinkled, in
expressive and altogether uncomely
face. He used singularly awkward, al
most absurd, up-and-down and side
svise movements of his body to give
emphasis to his arguments. His voice
was naturally good, but he frequently
raised it to an unnatural pitch. Yet
the unprejudiced mind felt at once that,
while there was on the one side a skill
ful dialectician and debater arguing a
wrong and weak cause, there was on
the other a thoroughly earnest and
truthful man, inspired by sound con
victions In consonance with the true
spirit of American institutions. There
was nothing in all Douglas' powerful
effort that appealed to tne higher in
stincts of human nature, while Lincoln
always touched sympathetic chords.
Lincoln's speech excited and sustained
the enthusiasm of his audience to '.he
end."
So much for the Lincoln of the po
litical rostrum. As to the man in
social converse, Villard is not at all
backward in expressing his convic
tions. Says he:
"I was introduced to Lincoln at
Freeport and met him frequently
afterward In the course of the cam
paign. 1 must say frankly that, al
though I found him most approach
able, good-natured and full of wit and
humor. I' could not take a real per
sonal liking to the man,- owing to an
inborn weakness for which he was
even then notorious and so remained
during his great public career. He
¦was inordinately fond of Jokes, anec
dotes and stories. He loved to hear
them, and etill more to tell them him
self out of the inexhaustible supply
provided by his good memory and of
his fertile fancy. There would have
been no harm in this but for the fact
that the coarser the Joke, the' lower
the anecdote and the more striking
the story, the more he enjoyed them.
The Life Labor
of Henry Villard
In a succeeding paragraph . Villard
gives another picture of the grat Pres
ident which Is supreme in its essence
of unconventionallty. ' Meeting ..by
chance at a lonely flag: station near
Springfield, the young correspondent
and the young politician were forced
to take refuse from a thunderstorm
within a friendly freight car. There,
with his lanky legs hoisted up about
his ears, the future President con
fided to Villard his wife's ambition
that he should be some time the
highest man in the land. "Just think
especially when they were of bis «wn
invention." .
THE SAN SUNDAY GALE.
6
A HALF HOUR AMONG
THE BOOKSpossible and at sacrifice one must own
a few Sequoias^ — If only to put one
tiny barrier before the ruthless ax
man, who. with the Eastern million
aire at his broad back, is buying and
burning and cutting everywhere over
the splendid coast woods of California,
To the Idea of "an investment" we
were . perfectly cold, but as a tree of
one's own we glowed. For we had
come safely but wholly Inglorlously
through the stages of real estate, oil
stocks • and gold certificates no richer
except in hopes deferred and some
philosophy. ..
But as neither native nor adopted
Callfornlan thinks twice of distances,
to go one hundred and twenty-five
miles for a summer camp, with : the
forest primeval thrown in, . seemed
rather a privilege than a burden. ~
Homestead requires the proper, filing
of applications in the land offices; the
speedy building of a cabin and the
sleeping upon the claim not less often
than twice a year until the purchase
at the end of fourteen months, or un^.
til by a continued . residence of five
years the claim is fully established
with no other cost than this implies.
Naturally one's, full "intention at
first is to "buy in." as the phrase goes,
for one cannot travel always to one
spot,' for one'* leisure and the law per
mits of no substitute sleepers. . Prices
range from J2 to $7 an acre, as the
land has. different values and is apt
to be worth much more/ if one. can
afford to await the coming of the rail-
t Arranging .with one of the wood wag
ons going out- empty at dawn to take
us and our possible penates, we spend'
the active hours of the afternoon'gath
erlng them to a central point for great
er ease In the .morning-, bur/ tinned
things haying been . cannlly purchased
in ', the city • and sent ' by j freight rates
fitted to campers' purses and ideas.
Each of the quartet has a light down
quilt, fully protected by a canvas cover,
sewed firmly but provisionally into a
sleeping bag which- can , be turned out
in the sun during the daylight. Thes^
with a bale of clean straw make the
bedding, especially.: as .we heed fear/ no'
rain. Nails, hinges, a lock and one or
two modest /sets of "lights,", as' they
are called, are all the purchases for the .
cabin- to r be, - as the rest /will be found
on • the spot. '¦ For two men will select
what - their woodcraft, tells.: them Is a
"good shake tree" c and In a few ihours
the little' wilderness! abode In the clean
primeval woods -will be ready, as elm-"
roads even If chosen merely as in
vestment •
It was therefore with hearts at
rest both . commercially and esthetl
cally that our mutual minds were
made up to visit for its first holding
down a bit of redwood forest on the
Indian River— after it has decided to
let go Its dignity and become a creek.
How dellciously, adorably alike are
all real "country towns" everywhere.
So full of the good, plain, ' common
American life as far from outer poet
ry as it Is^full; of inner worth. - .
branches at the top and the great
spreading base, 'where the roots take
deep hold on the good earth as the tall
plumed head j swings and j sways In the
upper air,. the very aristocrat of trees
strong, clean, and. high bred. ''
: There are very few of : us who i would
give up bur bread and butter, even if it
came by "way ; of . a lumber mill.. . And
there, are v lumbermen > : . now ', here .and
there, more thickly as, the knowledge of
true forestry grows, who can be trusted
to cut and forest ' their timber as scien
tifically as dbes.Germany, who long ago
learned her costly lesson.".
•>The mill- within, sound of I whose Baws
bur first ' stay was /made was run : on
the . wickedly wasteful ¦ plan of stump
age , for revenue only, ¦ and was' creating
desolation and . blackness ; ;.V all "¦ about.
Fortunately * it 'was ' but. aj small -' con
cefnl/' ; The -work : is slow * and
the/way-out; with the ; cut timber \ hard
and; Jong, so that as- yet \ the trans
gressor' V had 5; been '-able i to : ; ruin *: little
more than ? one ; section of . the finest
-trees./ .';/'/..; //;.--r ¦.-.'';'••' )' \ -':¦¦- -'.¦¦.. '.-.
But aulte apart : from ; .the; abhorred :
traffic In 'trees, -what '^courageVand /grit
It had taken all these wilderness years.
.We? heard by 'ahd'by/all about It!^ Now 1
the' dark-eVed little 'wife-^pretty; still— ,
has a* comfortoblej house;, with ; a' conye-':
hience / or "two <j to/ boot: > now. -when /she
cooks 'for nineteen men , she \ has * comps - -
tent" Help ;' 1 no w; her ; two; f at j boys
have a/ real . goat and /cart,*!" and* for. ;.a'
while every winter go to town r tb 'school. ,
* The; forest la ; -neither, damp nor. dark,
but kindly, • warm : and cheery, t with
open glades full of -flowers" and" long
grass. The trail rises sharply from/ the
But, oh, the years gone byl when she
came with only her husband, drawn
over : the mud with an ox team. . When
after a day. of mighty tasks .the weary
man. took his lantern and .worked until
midnight at road-making that fortune
might cbrhe to meet them; | days of Ill
ness, of cruel anxiety, j of accident far
from surgeon or. nurse— ail '/this had
been a" dally part of \ the • past of these
two brave and loving people. = •
.,A day. and night at the camp of the
Three. Trees, where, were, indeed, all the
cpmf brts of home-r^tbyes, lamps, mir
rors and cupboards— made , us only the
more eager, to- get clear away by the
lonely,, lovely trail to\ the deep' brown
pools of the tiny, Indian River, wher*
was to be our own Camp of Comfort.
With tender old. memories of fishing
days on the; "brown stream" of White-
face /and about Chocorua one .could not
promise not to 'take out a trout or two,
but the deer might icome upon/us, un
afraid, and ; even the cats and- foxes
might ' keep * house at a respectful ' dis
tance -'and the ; chipmunks ' have the
freedom of the hearth. .
The trail winding so as to make ¦ a
good five i miles ,; of , '• what ~ the f laziest
crow'ebuid fly in one was almost, of
the "picnic; variety"; for*, ease Until one
reached the /last ; half; mile of under
brush. -Here new trail had' to be made,
b'bth'-for. man arid beast. ' '.'. -j
Think, then, af the unanimity of the
family determination when it wns told
that far off and obscure there were
rt ill one or two — and literally only one
or two— sections of the forest still open
tinder the State homestead > law. If
"L!fe it far better fun than people dream
who fall ac'.ecp tmor.g the chimney stacks and
flf-Eii-i '-h wires."—' R. I* Etevcneoa.
OVER three years ago a tired man
left his office in Ean Francisco
to gather dust and his clients to
compromise and went a-flshing.
When he came back — quite made over
— he told strange tales of the cold thin
trout streams of the Northern red
woods. Also in his perfectly American
and lawyerlike way he quietly consult
ed the Government maps — very good
ones, too — and haunted the dingy land
offices to such purpose that a year
later he surprised and charmed his
family by carrying them off sectlonally
to the forests .* Mendocino, where
they not only acquired merit in the
Joys of camp living but the begin
ning of a title to some acres of glor
ious virgin forest.
FJve years of life in the semi
tropics of California teaches one for
ever the blessednees of a tree. Its in
estimable value in the semi-arid land
.'scape; its breath of coolness; its' be
nign shelter.
DOROTHEA MOORE.
Three ¦ Btralsht trees about ¦ my bead. -
"Warm, brown, piny earth' my b«<J, ..
Sunset and stars and solemn dawn,
I feel God's Kreat world awlnstay- on.-
mm settlement and followa round tha
shoulder of the mountain Into "valley
after valley where, between th* trunks
of the redwoods, we can see , clearings
and purple ranges, and at last the sea
Itself for a moment beyond miles • of
serried growth as yet too remote .for
any but the hunter. We ar* even hero
not to b* without* neighbors, for twica
In the five miles we com* upon small
cabins waiting, closed and dean.' for
their summer owners to corns and
make them alive again.
In a very short time our two skilled
woodsmen make a trail to the- spot
, chosen for the house— a sunny opening
twenty yards from a big pool. - Here
wo slept and at dawn returned upon
our way. this being but' a beginning
to be carried out: at a later visit.--
Thus ended the quest of our first red
wood. We came back to the city to
dream of it ; all the days and nights
of the six month's which must .pass
until we -. go ' again. For our "home
stead" is i now legally established : and
'needs'only, perseverance .and time to
' settle its permanency. And .now we are
waiting for ;the -1st of November— for
then we shall niake. the dearest of Joys
out of a duty and must go up once
more. -
The next visit will see the house com
pleted andithe time of real "residence
begin. . , ,
As we leave the railroad. town at, 6
o'clock, our big horses, delighted j no
doubt at so light . a , load, but not to
be surprised out of the strong,: quiet
pace to which they . are :used, we have
all the long, bright day before us. And
we ask nothing: better than- this slow
circling of the flank' of the mountain,
around j us fields glowing In the' thou
sand rich browns of a ! Calif orriia : sum
mer and each mile '/opening fresh vistas
of far wooded ranges j'as'-: tenderly] blue
and tremulous as the tiny; bluettes of
: the roadside, k Before ¦ . we .' have quite
left the, open: foothill country w*.hear
the bells ringing (on arched > yokes
of the approaching team's,', warning^ us
that we ' must v meet ''at the '."turnouts.".
plentifully ' placed along ' this splendid
county road. , v : , ; . ; _' > ¦':-.,- :
By noon we i art near^ths \ Vtap 6\ the
hill." "', We "still/have^^the^brilllant,'glow
ing 'mahogany ;/of . . the A 1 madrbna^the
slender.' tan oak, hlgh'-ankled land': soft
skinned as an Eastern birch. Still there
are abundant .wild flowers; purple * and
! white and gold.; Oh,'g6ldof all'tintal ;
And then . at ; last i the ; sequoia^-a/very
prince royal of trees. long, straight
stem, ; gray/j in . shade^and:;glowing » in
sunshine," rising with such" slender ; dis
tinction to' the sky? The' few/feathery
pie and beautifully complete as if a
Ruskin himself : haa,had the supervis
ing. For how' can one commit crimes
with Just an ax and a straight,. smooth
redwood tree? All the psychology of
the occasion demands. and gets sim
plicity. U : t£h'sl*i . f ¦."":• ;
BUYING A CALIFORNIA REDWOOD
•By Dorothea Moore
in a bit at once.
"Slack away your spanker sheet," he
ordered next.
A man did so. but the block on the
boom Jammed. The mate leaned over
the railing to overhaul the sheet. Sud
denly it cleared, and the boom shot
out with a Jerk to leeward. The mate
had been leaning against the boom, 30
naturally he went with It, but not hav
ing wings he fell, and a minute later
was shouting in the ship's wake.
The mate's watch was made up
partly, of Melbourne larrikins and part
ly of Frisco roughs, an unwholesome
mixture. Olafsen had not been very
courteous to them on ihe trip, and
they remembered it now of all times.
The ship was making a good six
knots, and even had -the helmsman
brought her up into the wind It would
have taken a good hour to pick up the
mate. But the wheel remained un-
they paid no heed. An hour later, the
man at the wheel cast loose a life buoy
and roared out: '
"Man overboard!"
The captain came on deck, all hands
were called, the ship was hove to and
a boat lowered. They, spent an hour
hunting, but ; of course it wasn't Jlkely
that they would find a man dropped
six miles astern. ' : • ..
A week after the Aloha came into
Honolulu and officially reported her
mate lost at sea. , . , ;
The Aloha .hauled up . alongside the
railroad dock and began discharging
her cargo of coal. -The, crew were em
ployed- on deck manipulating burtons
and whips and driving winches^ while
the Kanakas filled the buckets below.
By Saturday you could no longer Jump
down ' the hatchways to the top of the
cargo.
It. was nearly noon. The men ex
pected to knock off early and were in
ing big Steve at the burton. The man
driving, thVfor'd'l winch stood stiff, hia
face; the color i of -a snake's, belly, his
eyes bulging. The others were about
to swear at' him, -but following. : his
rigid gaze, horror likewise, stiffened
them. Complete; .'stillness ,had s come
over the .busy scene. . '".". All .eyes .were
fixed I on something on the dock.' . "
Picking its way \ through the line of
freight cars on: the r wharf came the
towering figure, of the "drowned" mate
-^Trig Olaf sen. -^ The leaped
clear of a coal pile and landed at i the
foot of the- gangway. • The' cabin ;!.boy,"
cleaning the gangway brass, looked^up,
gave a frightened * Bcreani \ and bolted
down into the cabin.: I, ¦¦-¦; '*¦. \ 'v ¦
Only one man about. there; had never
seen the mate's big, figure, and- he -was
the dock watchman. ' As he did not see
anything particularly . ghostly in it^thls
first" time, and beside^' had /a;- pretty
clear conscience, he took rib in
shifted and the Aloha sailed straight
on, the men coiled up .the ropes and
soon the shouts astern died out in tha
hiss of the wake. _
But It wasn't to save trouble .that
pretty good humor, laughing and
handy ing Jokes" with one another. ,
.Suddenly, there,.* came a crash-^-a
bucket dropped on deck, almost driv
ing through the planks and nearly kill-
~; Here the watchman became hysteri
,cal and. saw no' ; more untllOlafseh re
appeared'on ¦ the -'deserted * deck, roar
ing and fuming among, the empty coal
buckets and using most unghostly lan
guage. "Then the .sklppert^came up
from . below and staggered against the
skylight, v white .> as .7 a" : water-soaked
corpse.' , ." -¦' ';. ,*: :i \ ..J":-;':-. -.- '.
"•'/• "WhatV in ¦•: de. name of de Plying
Dutchman's ; flgureheiad i ye starth'. at
me like dat -for?' 1 ; roared? Trig Olaf
sen.'-.\ ':' ; ¦ ' ' -.'¦• ;•' .'.¦'¦¦
the panic that followed! He Is the only
one capable ¦ of giving'a concise, Jmpar-.
tlal account 'of .-what : : happened— the
' I have heard : the .watchman i tell the
story several itimes,^ and he always
tells It In a> humorous vein. - To him
i t was . e jptremely .*f imny. . You {see, "he
. did not .knowothe mate should.,have
been dead ; ten- days. 1 - •; s'. -.¦''¦ . ' ¦;
Trig: Qlaf sen I came; up . the gangway,
his head" * thrdwh r upVilk8fa*' lion smell
ing: .fresh^mejM;..; ; The plank^aulvered
beneath his" /'ponderous. W tread. %'; His
huge mustache trailed! back ; over, his
set Jaws, his "hair bri8tled r and his' big: '
hairy J arms < were'* swollen'and : bare to
the elbows,' for he had thrown off his
hat and coat on the dock. He paused
at the top for Just one moment,' then,
with- a ; roar ' like .breakers on a reef,
he' bounded to the deck. V V -
. -The watchman says he never saw
such a wild scramble^— It couldn't be
compared to the panic at WalkikI,
when the : tigrer. got loose in the circus
menagerie. Not only | the ship but
the whole island was much too small
if or the Aloha's crew just' then.
.The Rhost; seised a capstan bar from
the rack at the break. of ; the poop and
charged amidships^ Five 5of - the men
E leaped 1 . overboard and swam frantic
ally " across' .the harbor to the -mall
dock.- Two fled to the rigging and" the
rest; sprang . to -:¦ the dock, ¦ ¦ a '. . drop of
nearly ten . feet." Up the track they
pelted, Trig Olafsen- after 'them; hurl
, ing 'the capstan ; bar. ahead . of him,
picking /it up ; again /when ' he \ go^ to
¦ It, and roaring but
oaths in : Norse and English all the
: while."- ;_'¦ •¦;/; -.v : - ' : :>7-'. 5 v -
The Aloha had cleared the doldrums
and had barely caught the northeast
trades. It happened in the morning
watch, about 5 o'clock. The yards
were braced sharp up on the port tack,
and if the Aloha was making her
course, that was about all. The mate,
enifflng the wind, to take prompt ad
vantage of any favorable change, kept
faithful watch by the weather mizzen
rigging. The men were Just taking cof
fee when the breeze hauled aft a trifle.
Instead of waiting until they had fin
ished, Olafsen gave the order to square
From a Eallor's point of view this
was an ideal run, and the Aloha was
a first rate ship for living and easy to
handle, but her crews Invariably left
at the end of each passage. Few made
a full trip. As they didn't stop to col
left their wages, the owners found it
profitable to retain Trig Olafsen in
their service. But on one trip they
almost lost him.
IF you have knocked about Hono
lulu much you will have heard of
Trigr Olafsen. perhaps you are
a stranger there. Then go down
to the docks some Sunday morning
when the seamen are loafing about the
gangways' and ask. They will sing
> ou the saga of Trig Olafsen. It will
cuiiie couched In language hideously
profane, but no matter, you will learn
all about Tris: Olafsen.
Perhaps, if they are in a good hu
m<-r. they will tell you of Trig Olafsen's
long E\v!ni with liberal criticism of the
ways cf Providence in preserving the
mdr&lly unfit. For Olafsen's notoriety
as a hard case bucko mate equals his
fame as a swimmer.
If you should ever meet Trig Olafsen
you will understand why he is feared
liig of body, arms like thljrns, gnarled
and hairy; a UdflUkc head on a bull
neck, a tawny mustache drooping over
ponderous jaws ar.d hair of the most
liery hue — such a man is Trig Olafsen.
Sailors on the West Coast will rule or
be ruled. Trig Olafsfn has never been
ruled in spite of many efforts on the
part of insubordinate crews to sub
due him. A crowd of Irishmen tried
It once on the Island Queen, but Trig
piled Into them and smote with the
mighty arm of his Viking forefathers.
Those were the days when Dave Kala
kaua's banner floated from the palace
towers and from the gaffs of a dozen
good sailing ships. Trig Olafsen was
mate of the Hawaiian bark Aloha, then
in the sugar, lumber and coal trade —
coal from Australia to Honolulu, thence
to San Francisco with sugar and back
to Australia with Puget Sound lumber.
Her* h* gets maudlin and funny at
once and. you - cant quit* mak* out
what happened. You know h* saw
the foresails of a squar*-rtgg*d ship,
but h» doesn't tell how ha got aboard
It' Figuratively speaking, h* slobbers
and falls an over the captain and bos*n
of th* Garnet. Then b* lmngtis again.
"You know, dey ask m*. *Vex» yott
come fromr Ha, ha, ha, ha! I.UU
dem I vas In & vhal*"s belly liko Yona.
Ha. ha, ha, ha! I don't till dem noth
ing till next day." :_' 4 ".'¦"??*.
By this time h« is too dronlc to ten
more, but you have th» tale. You look""
at the hugs, drunken brat* before you
—ugly, uncouth, heroio, drunk— and in
spit* of all a fh^n of admtratlap cornea
over you. "
And you feel that tns'VXktngs must
have been Just such hexoio brutes. .'
(Copyright. 2903, by Albert SoimichswaJ
Cem again.
"But ain't : dot the worst Hag you
ever heard of, to leave a shipmate to
drown in a smood sea?; Vould you do
dat. to your worst enemy 7" v ; _
Here he waxes sentimental and slob
bers through, a dissertation on the eth
ics of - shipmate; fellowship. He wants
you to .understand he never hit a fel
low "when he • was down, especially a
¦shipmate. _ "¦;¦'¦
..-"Would you see a fellow drop over
board and not raise the .cry? No, you
.wouldn't— not even if it was the Chi
nese cook." ......'-.
A few more drinks wash away tha
tears; Again he bristles. *
."But I gets even wid dem! I Till sot
drown— I* vill not— I vill notl"
\ He fairly roars this, and Trig's roar
is a few keys lower than a bull's bel
low. - .
;/ '.'No! I Vill swim .after dot gang' of
larrikins- till I lays my paws' on dem.
You bet!"
On heroes. With him. you' se* th*
white sails fade. out on th* horizon,
and >wlth him you are alone In -. the
great circle. Drunk as b* is, he speaks
distinctly now, . carefully articulates
each word. Have you ever been out
in a small boat, alone with the gulls,
a clear horizon and land a thousand
miles away 1 No! He has. It's a sen
sation that sets the entrails wriggling
t within you.
"But think, then," he continues,
pointing a huge gnarled forefinger at
you, "think, then — how would you feel
without a boat in mldoccan, with a
clear horizon about you? How would
you ; feel then?"
- You know — with his eyes looking Into
yours. You know you would throw
up your hands and sink. But no— not
with that fiery hate in you tUat burns
in your very bowels. You would fctrim
— swim — swim!
You are always with him — with htm
as he treads water, or strikes out,' or
floats, looking up into the, blue cloud
less sky. You see the froth In his
fiery hair, the spume in his tawny mus
tache, sometimes floating about his
mouth like a seaweed, ana those bugs
white limbs moving under water. And
you see that broad, square chin beat
against the wavelets like the prow of
a Viking pirate ship. So hs fougrht.
ten long hours— fought while the son
climbed up the. center of the metallic
dome of the heavens and began to. de
scend again, and the screaming gulls
circled about his head and even lighted
near by.
Here he pauses once more, and tells
you he sank — only for a second, mind
you,- but he sank.' A picture* flashed
before him. He saw the men of bis
; watch stalking about the . streets of
Honolulu. He saw ' them in the drink
ing shops leaning against tha bars. H*
heard -them telling how ha had
drowned and they chuckled and ogled
one another. He saw big Stev* grin
as he said: • , .,
"Poor sucker, we'd *a' picked him up
if we could." ' .
Sink! Neverl He could swim — a
thousand miles. He could swim in spit*
of hell Itself. :
v He must have been a fearsom* sight
then, shooting up again above th» sur
face like a sea demon, snouting venge
ance. Neverl He will swim — erwim —
swim— swim! .
By this time he is pretty drunk. It
he were an ordinary man you would
say he was nervously unstrung. But
Trig Olaf sen has no nerves, so he's- only
beastly drunk. But still you feel th»
thrill of -fire In that last spurt.
' The captain recovered— no ; drowned
man could swear .like that, no living
man _ could swear like that but Trig
Olafaen, in- flesh and blood. "
The skipper and the mate approach
ed each other, but what they said the
watchman could not hear. ' Finally
both went below Into the cabin.
None of the mate's watch came
aboard that night. The men of the
other watch came straggling aboard
toward dusk. They had no guilty con
sciences to keep . them '., away. The
others made for ;the : hills up by the
Pall and were captured ¦ by the police
next day and brought 'aboard in irons.
The mate. himself, conducted the hunt,
but' lodged no complaint against them
—he only wanted . them .with him on
the passage to; Frisco. \
¦ ';•; Of : course he/ left '• Honolulu on the
Aloha as - mate. "*¦-.'. \ The/ record of that
passage is lost ; to authentic history,
.but occasionally you Vneet a sailor who
¦: will; tell you that 1 there really is a hell,
because he has been there. ? The port
watch of the Aloha reached' Frisco
alive' that passage, but they were car
ried ; ashore on stretchers aboard the
marine hospital. launch. Nor was Trig
Olaf sen ever, heard to complain of hav
. ing gone unavenged. He always refers
to that passage with a big- complaisant
smile that sends his two-lip whiskers
up like S bull "horns.
Now to ' his . story. He only tells It
when he Is drunk. He weeps and
laughs by, turns, but you do neither —
you listen, spell-bound. And after he
has finished you | know why • the Vik
ings .ot old ruled the sea.
'He begins by swearing at the spank
er sheet block. Never trust a spanker
sheet* block when it jams. You can't
depend on.it;. it's treacherous, he says,
it usually takes five beers to bring him
through a treatise on Its proper man
agement. About then he will plunge
into his story, as he plunged into the
tropical sea '. that dark morning.
I When ¦ he rose he saw the Aloha's
stern fading -into the darkness.
"Haul . in on your fore braces," he
roared, expecting to hear the shouts
of the watch and the rattle of blocks
and cordage. But he heard only the
lapping of . the still seething wake
about him, and then suddenly he re
alized .the, truth. The stern light
dwindled and at last danced far away,
a" mere speck.
v I can Bee him yet as he described
that moment. The dark pupils of his
pale-blue eyes spread, and .those big.
mustaches stood straight out as.
though he .had a stick between his
"clenched teeth. '""';""
I ,"De \ hounds," he j grinds, ."dey vill
leave • me— fannen brannda valg— dey
vlll leave me. Noteven a lifebelt dey
"trow. -me — but I kan swim — by God —
I kaii swlnv-andl vhlll not sink— by
God. Hey, you lubbers!" Here he
roars as he did in th* water. "You
hear me, you damned dogs! ¦ I kan
swim, and I swim clear to hell before
I gives up! I vill swim to Honolulu,
and if I can't tow my blasted carcass
dat far— I swim In spirit. I: vill haunt
you — on de night vatches — I will haunt
you till you yoump overboard!"
, He doesn't •¦• say. so, but you know
that he. peeled oft his clothes and
struck out after the ship. His power
ful jaw is set, and the muscles under'
his ears are like huge walnuts. When
he sees the .bark, by the light of the
breaking dawn, j miles ahead, and they
have hoy* her to. - As he mounts the
crest of a wave. he sees a boat put off.
Here he usually laughs.
"By gum— it vas funny.' You know
—dat damn skipper— he tlnk he find
me. ; Dey hunt all over— and I vas six
miles astern— ha, ha, ha, ha!— it vas
funny. I don't*, even" shout. Vat's d«
use? I jqost larfs and larfs— vay out
dere in de , vater."
. And he goes off Into another spasm
of merriment. Here ha pauses, nor
does' he resume until' he has disposed
of .two more beers. ¦ His \ mustache
droops : again,' the ' fierce glare returns
into those sea-gray eyes.
"Den dey brace up de foreyards again
and go on. You see, dey goes on, vlla
I swims after, six— seven— eight niies
astern. You tlnk I vill' drown? Not
much. I kan swim— clear to Honolulu
—or hell. I doesn't care . vitch— only I
gets to dose .fellers. I vants to meet
He really didn't swear by the Flying
Dutchman's figurehead : ¦ it was ', some
thing: decidedly more expressive ' than
that ; ¦3$®gBB53SR&& .¦'¦-.-. ¦ *. .
THE : SAN : FRANCISCO % SUNDAY CALIi.
7
THE SAGA OF TRIG OLAFSEN
THE SWIMMING MATE; # Captain Baumgarten rasped- out . a
GefmarioatH. He had ha*d' his journey
for nothing, then. • The man's answers
were only too likely^to" be true. ': It was
what * he misht , have "ejepected. ;; But at
least he '.would '.search the 'house 'and
make'sure. ¦', - • ¦ h ."•/-. /. ' •
: • It was -long,' however, } before Captain
Baumgarten had satisfied himself upon
the point It was adinicuit house to
search." Thin -stairs 'which* only one
man could- ascend at a .time connected
lines of "tbftucrus'corridorsi: The 'walls
later, with a groaning of old locks and
a rasping of bars, the low door, swung
open, and the Prussians poured into
the stone-flagged passage. >"
"Where is Count Eustace' de Cha
teau Noir?" ' '•• ;.;./;
"My master! He is out,. sir." -
. "Out at this time of iitght? Your life
for 'a 1 lie!"
; "It is true, sir. He is out"
"I do not know." .• Jpf||
"Doing what?".
"I cannot tell." No, it is, no use your
cocking your pistol, sir/ You may kill
me, but . you . cannot make me tell ! you
that which^L do not know."
' "Is he often'out at this hour?"
"Frequently.". . . 'V^i. ;^/.!.i." -
r "And ' when does he come -;home ?" .
. "Before\ daybreak.'' >-- ,-,- • •'
-VA'nd, yourself, 'captain?"; ¦¦ . - . < ¦•'•
" '/I will take»my supper up here in the
dining . hall. -/The logs' are j laid *and we
can light ; the fire.;. You .will call 'me -if
there is any •alarm. -What canyou.glve
mej for. supper— you?!' ... •..- .. ;• , .
"Alas," monsieur, there "was a' time
when I ; might- have : '.'answered. ~ 'What
you wish!' but now' it is" all.that we 'can
do " to flhd .a bottle 'of new claret and ; a
cold "pullet." " *" :*•••¦ . f '-,", ? V'
' "And you will place four men In am
bush at the front and at the .back. It
is -likely, enough that about . daybreak
our bird may. return! to the nest"; '-
"• "And | the others,'; captain ?"'-/ _ : ' ;
•;Let ! them have" their, suppers in th»
kitchen.. . This'Sfellow. 1 will, aen^ you
with meatand wine. : ft is^a wild night,'
and' we; shall be better, here than on, the
country road.'.' - -• - ¦.;¦¦..
were so thick that each. room. was.-.cut
off from its neighbor. Huge fireplaces
yawned in each,'- while', the.'- windows
were six feet deep"" in the wall.. Captain
Baumgarten stamped with his. feet and
tore down; curtains" ana struck .with
the : pommel! of his sword.. -<:lt there
were secret' hiding places, he vtasfnot
fortunate enough 1 to find Uhem.V'i- .
. v^.'I have an idea," . said he ' at last,
sneaking In' German to the sergeant.
'lYou will piace'a, guard over" this fel
lows and make i sure that ¦, lie communl
cates'to'noone.".^^ '"*"'•¦ '¦ •
. "Yes. captain." ,V 1
.Captain .Baumgarten. was an. old
campaigner. In the Eastern provinces,
and before - that - ; in" Bohemia, he ! had
learned the "art of quartering." himself
upon the enemy. While the butler
brought his supper" lie occupied" him
self in making his. preparations for; a
comfortable night. He lit thecande
labrum Af ten candles upon the center
table. The lire was .already burning
up, crackling- merrily, 'and" sending
spurts of blue, pungent smoke into
the- room." He was tired and hungry
after his : long: tramp,: so he threw -his
sword,, his . helmet and . hi3 revolver
belt' down upon a chair, and ¦ fell , to*
eagerly upon hisj supper. ••: Then,'- with
his' glass of wine before him" and^his
cigar between .' his lips, '. he tilted' c his
chair back, pondering over the strange
•chance l/which 'had sent him,' a 'man
from thcrBaltic coast., to eat, his .sup
per, in >the ancestral hall; of/-* these
proud Norman chieftains. But the fire
was hot.'.and the^ captain's: eyes * were
heavy." His chin sank slowly upon his
chest, -..and Hhe.. ten f s candles "gleamed
upon ; the broad white scalp! , ' . -,_¦-.
- Suddenly ; a slight -noise brought hlni
to his feet, "j For an-.instant it -seemed
to his'dazed senses that 'one of the"'pic
tures opposite ' had : walked ' from ' - the'
frame. There, beside the* table.'and al-'
¦ most within 'arm's length 'of.* him, was'
standing 'a'.} huge \ man," silent,-! motion-'
less, with no ;signs \ of \ life V save : : his
fierce, glinting', eyes. He was, black
haired, 'olive' skinned;; with; a . \ pointed
tuft' of black beard, : and a great,', fierce
nose," toward wl ich all; . his > features
seemed'to'runr His cheeks were wrin-*
- "That .will do very, well.- Let a , guard
go about with him, sergeant, and let
him feel' the end of the ' bayonet if he
plays us any tricks." ' ¦
"Those thousand francs, colonel—"
"Not a eou until your story has been
tested. Come! ' Who Is it who .has
murdered my men?"
"It is Count Eustace of Chateau
Nolr."
"You lie!" cried the colonel, angrily.
"A gentleman and a nobleman could
not have done such crimes.".
The peasant shrugged his shoulders.
"It Is evident to me that you do not
know the Count. It is this way, col-.
oneL What I tell you is the truth, and
I am not afraid that you should test
it The Count of Chateau Noir is a
hard man; even at the best time he
was a hard man. But of late he has
been terrible. It was his son's death,
you know. His son was under Douay,
and he was taken, and then in- escap
ing from Germany he met his death.
It was the Count's only child, and, in
deed, we all think that It has driven
him mad. With his peasants he fol
lows the German armies. I do not
know how many he has killed; but it
is he who cuts the cross upon the fore
heads, for it is the badge of his house."
It was true. The murdered sentries
had each had a saltlre cross slashed
across their br^ws, as by a, hunting
knife. The colonel bent his stiff back
and ran his forefinger over the map
which lay upon the table.
"The Chateau Noir is not more than
four leagues," he said.
"Three and a kilometer, colonel."
"You know the place?"
"I used to work there."
Colonel von Gramm rang the -belL
"Give this man food and detain him,"
said he to the sergeant
"Why detain me, colonel? I can tell
you no more."
"We shall need you as guide." .
"As guide! But the Count? If I were
was certain that all these outrages
came from a single source.
Colonel von Gramm had tried vio
lence and It had failed. Gold might be
more successful. He published it
abroad over the countryside that COO
francs would be paid for information.
Tnere was no response. Then £00. The
peasants were Incorruptible. Then,
goaded on by a murdered corporal, he
rose to a thousand, and so bought the
soul of Francois Rejane, farm laborer,
waose Norman avarice was a stronger
passion than his French hatred.
•Tou say that you know who did
these crimes?" asked the Prussian col
onel, eying with loathing the blue
blonsed, rat-faced creature before him.
"Yes, coloneL"
"And it was-"
tered forces of the young republic
had been swept away to the north of
the Aisne and to the south of the Loire.
Black and bitter were the thoughts
of Frenchmen when they saw this weal
of dishonor slashed across the fair face
of their country. They had fought and
they had been overborne. That swarm
ing: cavalry, those countless footmen,
the masterful guns — they had tried and
tried to make head against them. In
battalions their Invaders were not to be
beaten, but man to man or ten to ten
they were their equals.
Colonel von Gramm of the Twenty
fourth Posen Infantry had suffered se
verely during this new development-
He commanded In the little Norman
town of Les Andelys, and his outposts
stretched amid the hamlets and farm
houses of the district round. No French
force was within fifty miles of him, and
yet morning after morning he had to
listen to a black report of sentries
found dead at their posts or of forag
ing parties which had never returned.
Then the colonel would go forth "in
hie wrath, and farm-steadings would
blaze and villages tremble; but next
morning there was still that same dis
mal tale to be told. Do what he might,
he could not fhake off his invisible ene
mies. And yet, it should not have been
¦o hard, for from certain signs in com
mon. In the plan and in the deed, it
IT was in the days when the Ger
man armies had broken their way
across France, and when the shat-
I It was a small room Into which they
looked, very meanly furnished. % An el
derly man In the dress of a menial was
reading a- tattered paper by the light
of a guttering candle. ; He leaned back
in his wooden chair withhis feet upon
a box, while a bottle of white wine
stood with a half-filled 'tumbler "upon
a stool beside , him. , .The sergeant
thrust- his needle gun through the
glass, and the man sprang to his feet
with' a shriek. .- . ..-v -•
"Silence, for your life! '.The' house is
surrounded \ and "' you . cannot escape.'
Come around, and open the door or we
will Bhow you no mercy when we come
in."
"For God's sake, don't shoot! I will
open It!* I will open it!" He rushed
from the room with his paper still
crumpled up in his hand. An instant
It was a cold December night when
Captain Baumgarten marched out of
Les Andelys with his twenty Poseners
and took the main road to the north
west. Two miles out he turned suden
ly down a narrow, deeply rutted track,
and made swiftly for his man. A thin,
cold rain was falling, swishing among
the tall poplar trees and rustling in tha
fields on either side. The captain
walked first with Moser, a veteran ser
geant, beside him. The sergeant'e wrist
was fastened to that \ of • the* French
peasant, and it had been whispered in
his ear that in case of an ambush the
first bullet flred would be through, his
head. Behind them the twenty infan
trymen ploded. along through the dark
ness, with their faces sunk to the rain
and their boots squeaking in" the soft,
wet clay. "
If was nearly 8 . when they left Lre's
Andelys. At 11:30 their guide stopped
at a place. "where two ' high • pillars,
crowned with some heraldic stone
work, flanked a* huge iron gate. ! The
black chateau lay In front of them.
ThP moon had shone out between two
rainclouds, and threw the. old house
into silver and shadow.. It was shaped
like an L, with a low arched door In
front, and lines of smair windows' like
the open ports of a man of war. \ Abpve
was a dark. roof breaking at the cor
ners into little round overhanging tur
rets, the whole lying silent .'in. Uhe
moonshine, with T a drift of ragged
clouds blackening the heavens behind
it. A single light gleamed In one of the
lower, windows. ' ... "
.The captain whispered his orders to
his men. - Some were to creep .to th*
front door, some to -the back. Some
were to watch the east and some the
west He and the sergeant- stole on
tiptoe to the lighted window. '
"Well, we are surrounded by spies,
and our only chance is to pounce upon
him before he knows that we are on
the way, A large force will attract at
tention. On the other handVyou must
not risk being cut oft*." , -
"I might march north, colonel, as if
to join General Goeben. : Then I could
turn down this road which I see upon
your map, and get. to Chateau Noir be
fore they could hear of us. In that
case, with twenty men "
"Very good, captain. I hope to see
you with your prisoner to-morrow
morning."
away.
"Send Captain Baumgarten to me at
once," said he.
The officer who answered the sum
mons was a man of middle age, heavy
jawed, blue eyed, with a curving yel
low mustache and a brick-red face
which turned to an ivory white where
his helmet had sheltered it. As a sol
dier he was slow, but reliable arid
brave. The colonel could trust him
where a more dashing officer might be
in danger.
"You will proceed to Chateau Noir to
night, captain," said he. "A guide has
been provided. You will | arrest the
Count^and bring him back. -If there Is
an attempt at rescue,' shoot him at
once.". . , : . r . (
. "How- many men 'shall , I take, colo
nel?" • . • ¦' ' ' $£&¦¦$ ¦ ¦-. :--: " '•¦;¦: -
to fall Into his hands? Ah. Colonel "
The Prussian commander waved him
(Copyright by A. Conan Doyle.)
and this -villain made his -appearance
the object of his jeers. By the way,
you look a little comical yourself at the
present moment, captain, and your
colonel would certainly say that you
had been retting Into mischief. To con
tinue, however,, my boy's youth and
his destitution— for his pockets wer«
empty— moved the pity of a kind-heart*
ed major and he advanced him ten na
poleons from his own pocket without
security of any kind. Into your hands.
Captain Baumgarten. I return these ten
gold pieces, since I cannot learn the
name 1 of the lender. 'I am grateful
from my heart for this kindness shown
to my boy. ¦
"The vile tyrant who commanded thm
escort accompanied r the prisoners to
Durlach and from there to Carlsruhe.
He heaped^every outrage' upon my lad,
because the spirit of the, Chateau Noir
would not stoop to turn away his wrath
by feigned submission. Ay, this cow
ardly villain, whose heart's blood shall
yet clot upon this hand, dared to strike
my son with his. open' hand, to kick
him, to tear hair from his mustache—
to use them thus— and tbus^rand thusP
The German writhed- and- struggled.
He : x was helpless. in the hands of this
huge giant whose blows were raining
upon, him. When at last, blinded and
half senseless, he staggered to his feet
it was only to be hurled. back again
Into the great oaken chair.* He sobbed
In his impotent anger and shame.
"My boy was frequently moved to
tears by the humiliation; of his posi
tion," continued the Count*. "You will
understand mVwhen I say'that It Is a
bitter thing to' be, helpless in the hands
of an insolent and remorseless enemy.
On arriving at Carlsruhe, however, his
face, which had -been .wounded by the
brutality of his "guard, waLs bound up
by a young- Bavarian subaltern, who
was touched by his appearance. I re
gret to see ¦ that your eye : is bleeding
so. ; Will y > ou"permlt'me* i] tpj bind it with
my ; silk'JbanykeTcfii^t;?"*^ ; £
; He leaned 7 forward,- -but tha German
dashed his ¦ hand aside. „
; .':'*I.-am in:your power,'-, you monster!"
, he-.crled_;j; "I ) Tcan^end'ureo"y t 5Jir brutali
ties^ but not your hypocrisy."
The Count shrugged his shoulders.
"I am taking thJngs in- their order, just
as they occurred," said he. "I was lan
der vow. to tell it to .the first German
officer- with -whom 'rVcafold; talk tete-a
tete. Let- me see, I had 'got as far as
the young . Bavarian at Carlsruhe. I
regret rextremely\tha.t r you'.will not per
mit' me to use*slich slisrht skill in sur
gery as I .possess.- i -At 'Carlsruhe my
lad was . shut up In ; an ;Old caserne,
where he remained' for a' fortnight. Tha
worst' pang of his - captivity was that
some unmannerly curs in' the garrison
would taunt him* with" his;" position as
he sat by his window in* the evening.
That reminds me, captain, that you
are not quite situated upon a bed of
roses yourself, are you, now? You came
to trap a wolf, my, man, and now tha
beast has' you down .with ; his fangs in
your throat, A -family; j^roto; too, I
should judge, by,thatNwell-4nied tunic.
Well, a widow, the more' will make lit
tle . matter, ' and they, do , not usually
remain widows long. Get back Into tha
chair, you dog! • '[ '" .
. "Well, . to • continue my story— at the
end of a fortnight my son and his
friend escaped. I need' not trouble you
with the dangers which :~they ran or
with the privations which they en
dured. Suffice it that to disguise them
selves they had .to take the clothes of
two peasants, whom they -waylaid In
a wood. Hiding by day and traveling
by night, they had got as far Into
France as Remllly, and were within a
mile — a single mile, captain— of crossing
the German lines when. a patrol of
Uhlans came right upon them. Ah!
it was hard, was it not, when they had
come , so far and 'were j so near to
safety?".- \
¦ The Count blew. a double call upon
his -whistle and three hard-faced peas
ants, entered the room.
VThese must represent . my Uhlans,"
said he. , "Well, then, the captain in
comand, findnig these men were
French soldiers- in civilian dress with
in the German lines, proceeded to hang
them, without trialor ceremony. I
think, Jean, that the center beam I*
the strongest."
¦ The unfortunate soldier was dragged
from his chair to where a noosed rope
had Jbeen flung over one of the huge
oaken rafters which spanned the room.
The cord was slipped over his head and
he felt 1 its harsh grip round his thro**:.
The , three peasants seized the other
end and looked to the Count for his
orders. The officer,' pale but firm,
folded his arms and stared defiantly
at the man who tortured him.
. "You are now face to face with
death,- and I perceive from your lips
that you are praying. My son was
also face to face with death, and h«
prayed also. It happened that a gen
eral officer came up, and he heard the
lad praying' for his. mother, and it
moved him ' so— he .. being himself a
father— that, he ordered his Uhlans
away, and he remained • with his ald
de-camp only beside the condemned
men. : And when he heard all the lad
had to tell,. that. he was the only child
of an; old- family, and ' that his mother
was In falling : health, he threw off the
rope ."as? 'I! throw oft this, and he kissed
him on either cheek, as I kiss you,
and he bade him go, as. I. bid you go,
and may .every, kind wish of that noble
general, though it could not stave off
the fever which slew, my son, descend
now 'upon your head." *"'
And so it was that Captain Baum
garten, disfigured, blinded and bleed
ing, staggered out .into the wind and
the rain of that wild December dawn.
take one from inTnfe ?"-''
: The German ;again. shook his, head.
His horror- of _ his companion hati in
creased as -he sat watching the lips
that smiled and the eyes that glared.
>"The, colonel, .as I say, was good to
my. boy. . But, unluckily,. the prisoners
were moved next day across the
Rhine to ¦ Ettllnger. They were not
equally fortunate v there. 5 The officer
who guarded. them was a ruffian and a
villain, Captain Baumgartenl He • took
a pleasure in humiliating and ill-treat
ing* the brave men who had 'fallen into
his ' power. ' That night, ~ upon • my son
answering fiercely, back to some taunt
of : his, 'he. struck him in' the eye.'like
this'!" : -' ;''j ' ¦'-. '{ V'. i :.. ¦¦ ; ¦
- The • crash .of the. blow -rang: through
the^hall. The German's face fell for
ward, his hand up and blood oozing
through * his - finger's. The Count set
tled : down in his chair ' once .more.
"My ¦ boy 'was disfigured" by; the blow,
¦ kled like a'- last year's . apple, ' but his
sweep of , shoulder and ; bony, corded
hands told of a strength which was uh
1 sapped by age. . His arms* were folded
across -his. arching chest -iand his
mouth was set In a fixed smile. •""
¦ "Pray do" not trouble" yourself to look
for your weapons,", he said, as the Prus
.sian-cast"a.swiftt glance" at the empty
.! chair In ¦ which they (had • been;; laid.
"You have been, if you will allow me to
¦ay so, a llttli! iDdiscreet to make your
self; so much at home" In • a house "every
wall of which* is honey corn bed with se
"cret passages. You will, be, amused to
-hear that forty men wera ' watching
you at your supper. :. Ahl what then?"
Captain Baumgarten had i taken a
step forwards with clenched -fists. v The
Frenchman", held up the revolver which
he grasped; in his right "hand, while
. with the left he hurled the] German
back into his chair. "¦'
"Pray keep your seat," said he. . "You
have no .cause' to trouble about t your
men. They have already been provided
for. It is astonishing with these stone
floors how little one can hear what goes
on beneath. You have been relieved of
your command, [ and have now only to
think of yourself. May I ask what your
name- is?"
"I i am ' Captain Baumgarten of the
Twenty-fourth Posen ' Regiment."
"You know, doubtless, who it is who
addresses you." ' '.^
1'The Count of Chateau Noir." ¦- m • ..
vprecisely. It would have - been a
misfortune if you had visited my cha
teau and I had been unable to have a
word with you. I have had to do with
many German soldiers, but never, with
an officer before. I have much to talk
to you about."
Captain Baumgarten sat still In his
chair. Brave as he was, there was
something in. this man's manner which
made his skin creep with apprehen
sion. His eyes glanced to right and to
left, but his weapons . were gone, and
in a struggle, he saw; that, he was ; but
a child, to this gigantic adversary! The
Count had picked up ; 'the claret > bottle
and held it to the light. .'V :
¦- "Tut!« tut!" said he. ."And was thl*
the best that Pierre tould do for you?
I am ashamed to look you in the face,
Captain Baumgarten. We must Im
prove upon this."
;He blew a call upon? a whistle which
hung from his shootings Jacket. , The
old man servant was in the room ' in
an instant. - - '¦.¦¦-'¦ . -..-¦..'
•'Chambertln, from bin .15 !"¦; he . cried,
and -a .minute: later .a '-gray 'bottle,,
streaked' with cobwebs/was carried in
as a nurse bears an infant. The Count
filled two glasses to the" brim.
"Drink!" said he. "It is the best In
my cellars, and not to be matched be
tween Rouen and Paris. Drink, sir,
and be happy! There are cold Joints
below. There are two lobsters fresh
from Honfleur. "Will you not venture
upon a second and more savory sup
per?" .
The German' officer shock his head.
He drained the glass, however, and his
host filled it once more,- pressing him
to give an order for this or that dainty.
"There is nothing in -my house which
Is not at your disposal.- You- have but
to say the wcrd. Well, then, you will
allow me to. tell you a story '.while you
drink your winei I have so, longed to
tell -it to some German t officer. > It is
about my son, my only child," Eustance,
•who was . taken and \ died In j escaping.
Itls a curious little story, and I think
that I can promise you that you will
never '* forget it • ¦' ' '- "•' >V
"You" 'must know, then,, that my boy
was iii the artillery, a fine young fellow.
Captain Baumgarten, and the, pride of
his mother.. She died within, a week of
the 'news : of , his death reaching us. It
was. brought j by > a brother officer, who
was at his side throughout, and who es
caped while' my lad died.'' I "want to
tell you all that he told me. . , £ •* '
"Eustace ': waa'Haken at' Weissenburg
on- the " 4th of -*The-prisoners
were broken -up .into 'parties and sent
back into Germany by different routes.
Eustace was taken; upon the ,6th to ] a
village called . Lauterburg, .where he
met with kindness from- the German
officer in command; This good colonel
had ithe hungry, lad v to supper,* offered
him the • best : he j had, opened • a bottle
of j good- wine; -as I have tried to/do for
you, * and „ gave ¦ him a v cigar i from • his
6 wn : case, i Might it I i entreat you - to
THE:- : SAN FRANCISCO I SUOTAY CAL&
8
THE LORD CHATEAU NOIRno_text"The story of the very long skirt Is
an interesting one," Eays this author
ity, "and a gossip could make a great
deal out of it. Here is the tale as it
Inches too long In iront. The back can
be anywhere from six inches on the
floor to a foot, or any length that fancy
may dictate.
"It Is very trying upon a stout
woman," declared a fashionable dress
maker, "to have her gown so very long
in front. She Is awkward as it is and
the long skirt embarrasses 'her. But,
if the stout woman only knew it, the
long ekirt is her salvation, for It makes
her taller and takes away *a"*great' deal
of that dumpy look which is her herit
age.
'<¦-¦ it \£-JustlthilyearVfor^theVpld-fash
ioned; dressmaker, to 1 her" old
arts, for it is ' a \ year which ; will ; bring
out the old trimmings. JThe . old-fash
ioned ¦'. dressmaker 'who can make an
old-fashioned shirred ' flounced with; an
to the vanity of an American woman
abroad, who desired to look slimmer
and taller than she; really, was." V..
While on the subject of skirts It may
be mentioned, that Bklrts are made
rather; snug around the hips for those
who cannot wear thenvany other way,
and are;; lengthened /«, by." T a L'Very.) deep
flounce i of ; Spanish ¦ cut,'- deeper ; in the
back than i in the - front/ ! This flounce
may ' be f made « of ¦•: figured ; moussellne
arid :i fitted to t a skirt ;bf plain : - moua
sellnfc,¦¦;¦, V-;--:^'-""';^:- 1 '.-^-"' ¦¦¦''.•'•"'" .' - ; - ¦ 'v
r Another way ; to ;bulld r 'a- skirt ; Is to
make If t witbJ four.J puff .; shirrings ; run-;
nlng ; around it. The f skirt r Is : finished
wlth';a"ivery/deep' flounce, which is as
full,.; aavit : can ibeiV and ,trlmriied;with
laoei, s with"* an ) under i flounce i of ; mous-.
seline to make it set, out! .. •
And; still "another7«kirt,Xthis . ope, al-f
most plain in front, though lull 'on , the
' sides ' and in the back, is trimmed with
' two,' deep old fashioned flounces, each
one > finished S^wlth \ a\ deep • hern^ • ¦ The
upper; flounce \ is] headed * with , a Rouble
shirring^^the^s^e^ goods; v; ' ;
.^The 'Old-Fashlbned^breisamaker. [ .
rosette for the stock to. the rosette as
bis as & saucer, 'which Is placed upon
the Bide breadth of the skirt. This is
vastly cheaper and much more dur
able than ribbon.
The Bands of Canvas.
Another ornament that must not for
a moment be forgotten is the embroid
ered ' band.: • The bands of canvas em
broidered in flowers,' or in a vine, or In
a Roman pattern, cannot be counted.
•The variety is endless. These bands
are used for „ belts, for cuffs and for
the. orthodox waist -trimmings. They
are . in cross *; stitch, in • key stitch, in
embroidery stitch and in Kensington.
; The colors are many.
One of the prettiest set of bands Is
made upon a foundation of heavy linen
In cream color. . The pattern is a Jap
anese one* and the bands "are sufficient
for stock,. cuffs, and for the trimming
of vest and skirt.
A trimming that Is to be much seen
is the trimming which consists or
bands of material. These stitched
bands are employed upon, skirts andU
waists and are finished: with a fancy^
button, or with a deep fall of lace.
The . . plain . ' stitched i band, finished
with a deep fall of lace, is a feature of
the spring sleeve; . and some of the
most charming sleeves are finished
with the wide stitched " ; band below
which falls a frill of lace at least three
fingers wide. This lace is beautifully
done ; in- colors— that; is, the pattern is
picked out with embroidery stitched
in 'many tones. -/
Lace is a 'thing which has undergone
a complete change. "From being a- dell
' cate ; fabric, closely connected with
heavy expense/ the laces of to-day are
made of many different threads, coarse
as well as fine, wood fiber as well as
thread, and are turned out in all sorts
of shapes from the great-piece of lace
which is one of the features of modern
dressmaking to the deep points of lace
which are to be used for flouncings.
¦Among the new sleeves can be count
ed at least half a- dozen that are very
distinctive in style. There is ther^
sleeve, which is shaped like a crook
neck squash. It Is long and tapering
until it '.. reaches the main portion,
where it widens out into a deep shape.
This kind of sleeve Is. now made all a
mass of tucks. At the wrist it is side
plaited into a wide band of goods,
which is 'covered with a cuff of lace,
which is finished with a big chou of
ribbon, or a , rosette .of cloth. •
The Ldvely Sleeve Fashion.
Then there is the delightful old sleeve
which, is shirred very 'full into the
armhole. It falls limp and baggy to the
/wrist, where it is trimmed with r.# less
than six ruffles, each one bordered with
narrow lace. These' ruffles reach al
most to the elbow and the effect is
decidedly quaint. >
The umbrella sleeve. Is lovely and is
best described by Its* name. If it could
be "lifted" it would form a very nice
parasol : cover. As it is it is gathered
Into -I the 'armhole and falls in many
points .around • the - hand. Underneath
there lsvV lingerie cuff over which th*^
I points; make a s very , nice trimming.
.There' is the bag. sleeve, which is very
. much liked arid which can be employed
upon; many,; gowns. . It is suitable for
: all ''materials; from , sprigged lawn to
broadcloth. This sleeve has its fullest
part underneath. It i3 gathered into a
". band; of. embroidery Just below the
elbow. "And; from ; this band of em
: broidery, ¦'•".there '. falls, a flounce of the
dress goods, arranged in such a way as
to .cover' the .knuckles.'
V,Thesej long [sleeve flouncings, or ruf
fles, would, not be \ novel were It not
that they "are ; made' 6f_ the same mate
rial as the'dress.^ A gown of chiffon
broadcloth in a shade of leaf green had
a deep ; broadcloth -ruffle around the
hand 'with a- heavyV braided trimming
upon the_ ruffle. "
; The ; cape' sleeve Is one that is also
worn. This Is gathered Into the arm
hole and '." : falls"! mostly,' at" the back.
an. underneath sleeve of thin
ner • stuff.' This sleeve is designed for
piazza gowns , ".')
"The washable lawn and the washable
muslin is almost a thing of the past.
Each season it goes further. and fur
ther into the background and this Bea
con it is quite Impossible to conceive
a laundress who can wash the; shirred
skirts or who ' can so tub ¦ the gathered',
waists that they will , come ; out] wear
able. ' The remedy is not Uo be ¦ found,
except in the careful wearing of these
gowns and their preservation when riot
in use. ( (
Lovely ornaments are to be worn this
spring, made of cotton. 'There are
hanging ¦ balls and cotton - looplngs and
all sorts of cottqn' .braidings^ . These
braids are put on by hand ' in r the .old
fashioned way, in . little; twirls; just as
one": braided 'one's ' gowns : years.- ago.'
The,' narrow vwhlte c and\coiored> braids
are'used and the deslgns v are distribut
ed ; over • skirt \ panels, over ; yokes \ and
over the, caps arid ¦ the ; cuffs \ of sleeves.
fVA very neat .little ornament was made
for.' aj pretty^ cotton - figured : dress. -', The
material showed; pink: figures -upon , a
ground, of cream. ;..' Little circles of ; the
goods ! were cut out > and braided . In
white/ 1 They were then* edged with lace
arid " applied 1 to ."the .' gown, making a
very, nice trimming.
- *.~As this ; is a season of ornaments one
must not ;; forget the V little ' rosettes "of
lawn and of linen which are so plentl
; f ully 4 us<jd ;. to 'trim ; the /summer . dresses.
These are made of long strips of , linen,
doubled and ,: shirred;' *; The spring is
pulled {? up/, until ;• a i rosette j is' : formed.'
! Every >knows to >, make
these ; rosettes/ .They are" used in place
"of "ribbon "' choux • for -i trimming '; wash
dresses.' They are placed upon ' the
cuffs, upon the belt, the stock and upon
the yoke.
The" size varies from the button
The. covering of button \ molds V- may
make' a very fascinating . and .wholly
useful pastime for the woman who; is
ingenious. Button molds i are ; covered
with Japanese silk ' arid \ are then
touched up with water colors." Water
Color designs are seen upon many ot
them to make the colors more vivid. -
Button molds are covered ,wlth velvet
and. these are set in the center of' lace
knots with lace tabs - hanging from the
lace knot. And there are* molds that
are covered with bright- silk, with lace
sewed over the silk. These all-lace
buttons are really very dressy and can
be worn upon the nicest gowns."- If the
lace ts laid over washable 1 silk, or over
lawn, the buttons can /be used upon
washable lawn dresses. .
Ornaments for , Gowns.
old-f aahioned puff heading, will he - in
demand, and If she ; can I set It around
the skirt so that it will lie". upon;: the
rround three inches In ¦¦ front' and .5 six
'Inches In the back, all graduated nicely
In depth, then indeed she is> treasure
and will win rewards, not only for her
self • In the shape of 5 shekels, but for
her patrons In the form' of nice dress-
Ing.
But there are . many novelties of
spring and early summer, so many that
one pauses before them In admiration,
If not in amazement. The styles have
shanged materially and there is no such
thing as dullness in Dame Fashion's
world.
One. of 'the pretty.fads of fashion. is
the flat chou. of ribbon with a paste
buckle In the middle of It.
Another fad -is- the, .".windmill -bow,
with a fancy rhlnestoiie button sewed
In the middle. . v .
Still another fancy is a metal button,
with a little frill of lace set around it.
And there is also a ribbon chou, which
has wings like butterfly wings, with a
long, slender pin fastened in the middle
to represent the body, of I the. butterfly.
Dressmakers; both French and
American, emphasize the Importance of
this, and they urge their patrons to
r-ave the gowns cut at least three
Do not make the mistake, if you are
building your own skirt, of making^ it
walking length in front and trailing:
length in the back. On the contrary^
while long in the back, it is also very
long in the front. This skirt must be
so lengthy that you can step on it and
bo very full that you actually must lift
it a little in the front in order, to move
about.
Many of the street skirts are abso
lutely unmanageable. But they will be
worn more for piazza occasions and for
semi-full dress than for actual pedes
trianlsm. Calling skirts are of this
exaggerated length as are the skirts
for receptions and for' the house.
But the summer gown, the summer
gown proper, will have a very long
skirt, so long that it has to be lifted in
the front, and so long that it trails far
in the back; and this is the skirt which
woman has doomed herself to wear.
There is no need of trying to make
up your summer wardrobe all on the
short skirted order. True, there will
be trotting skirts and each woman will
have from one to three or four of these,
according to her trotting propensities.
But they will be the useful skirts — the
skirts for walking, the skirts for out
of doors and the skirts for shopping.
If you are looking for new ways to
make your summer gowns don't neglect
the style which calls for a straight
front breadth. This is made rather
full, for the scanty front is now out
of date. Then, at each side of the
front breadth the flounces begin. Three
deep flounces go all the way around the
ekirt, with the exception of the panel
csque front breadth. And the skirt,
which, is very long and very full, lies
in great trailing breadths upon the
floor.
Ideas for Your New Gown.
It seems as though the day had quite
gone by when a skirt could be cut out.
made up, stitched and worn without
extra thought and extra work. The
skirts of to-day are very much trim
med and there are few ekirts that are
worn without any trimming at all.
The most popular skirt trimming is
probably the rope shirring. This is
difficult for an amateur to manage, but
it can be done with patience and plenty
of material. The skirt is cut very
wide and is fastened to the belt before
the shirrings are put in, bo the dress
makers advise, and the great heavy
rope chirrings are then let Into the
Ekirt. This requires the utmost care
not to destroy the lines of the gown.
The rope EhirringB are put in on the
group order, in groups of three or four,
and are eet around the skirt, horizon
tally, making a very nice trimming.
Of course the sleeves must be shirred
to match the skirt and the waist must
be 6hirred In the same manner. This,
with the addition of a little lace, really
completes the scheme of the gown.
The fancy for trimmings that run
around the Ekirt is growing. The panel
idea is too- pretty to be lost entirely,
but it is a fact that the great majority
of gowns have trimmings that run
around the skirt. Frequently the hori
zontal trimming is combined with the
panel idea and with the very prettlesf
results.
How to Trim Your Skirt.
IT Is very likely that the queen of
the May will dress in butter color
this season, for the rage for butter
shades grows. Old butter color,
and butter in all tones. Is found in
every fabric, and the bright, cheerful
tone will govern many a summer cos
tume.
The queen of the Slay will wear a
gown trimmed with lace, for it is cer
tainly to be a lacy spring, and the lace
will be any shade, from the bright rich
yellow which one associates with but
ter, to the deeper tone, which is called
burnt straw. This is a sunburnt tone,
deep and rich, with a great deal of red
in it.
Perhaps the queen of the May will
select a champagne tone, for cham
pagne is to be very fashionable this
season. And, in that case, the lace will
be dyed to match. The dyed laces are
to quite rule the costumes of the spring.
A gown in champagne colored batiste,'
with lintn threads in it. and with a
Blender lacy line running through it.
would be very pretty. The lace must
be dyed to match the batiste and the
whole gown must be lined with the
same shade.
Gowns all of a tone are rather com
ing in this year. There "are ever bo
many blue dresses that are blue from
beginning to end. Dress material, lace,
ribbons, belt and stock are all blue.
And there are countless tan dresses
with no other coloring than the tan.
Tan linen, tan batiste, tan lawn, tan
cr-pe or tan gowns of any kind are
trimmed with lace of a slightly deeper
tone, and finished up with tan ribbons,
to be removed and freshened once or
twice a year.
The queen of the May will undoubted
ly wear a gown very much influenced
by the prevailing styles. Its skirt will
be full, for all summer gowns are made
that way, and its front will be plenti
fully trimmed. If the skirt be not one
of the exaggerated full skirts then it
will at least tns a long skirt, one of
those great sweep skirts, and it will be
plentifully and gorgeously trimmed
around the foot.
THE , SAN i FRANCISCO SUNDAY J CALIF
10
is. told In London: . ;
"A certain very, rich American
woman living abroad went to her Paris
dressmaker , last' fall arid tasked •' him
to make her a becoming gown. **.;¦'* ; '
The 'Short Woman's; Story.
.. .'VI look, short in ' everything,' said
she, 'and very, stout.* Make 'something
which '; will ; become i, my .style' well.1
\' r 'The i man 'dressmaker ¦ thought and
thought and finally he achieved a gown
whlchr when put oni f answered the pur
pose admirably. It lengthened < the
woman and made her look more ' slen
der. This gown, : which' was made ; of
taffeta, y^as nearly four inches upon
the floor In front. The; back fell away
in a very long and very, graceful^line.
The' skirt, : while it wa» full, wi fitted
around the hips . . and ¦ th« fullness all
came in \ down : below. : iThe result wm
charming. '•¦"yvv;;VPV^ i^ ! •'- - ' '• •'¦' ¦¦¦•" ¦ ¦-'
>The - American ; when £ *he
saw herself In a, full length i glaatf was
delighted, fu f Make * me /several -; dresses
Just yike^, thta^bne,';- said", she; \'aud : let
them, be 'even longer. in the , front i than
thls.'^,y'v>;->rc:'-V^' : C ; - •-¦•¦ . ¦-
;¦•-' "The gown \ which; she' will : /wear,, at
Queen Alexandra's drawing-room Is to
be built of; pe"au*de' cygne^ta; deep
violet; trimmed with .white • lace, In
which there are threads of \ black.
"And this,*'/ said 'the! gossipy dress
maker, ,'i8 * the i story of the.; evolution
of the very long skirt.' It Iwas ' all due
A GLIMPSE AHEAD AT THE MAY DAY GOWNSPROTRUDING CORSETS (Mabel)—
A' corset; which is too full over the hips
and gored sharply at the waist line* will
protrude 'In' front : even on* a' slender
form,'' unless" held'down very snugly by
the garters."' It will soon ruin the set of
your dress, so better, throw it aside aixd
get a corset which will fit correctly.
'.v SOFA PILLOWS (Elizabeth) — Pil
lows .intended for. use In a., reception
hall arid library should be dignified In
character and of dark rich colors, har
monizing ,/ perfectly ' with the general
decorations./ "Very, delicate /colors and
frivolous ' designs are suitable only for
the drawing-room or boudoir. The ex
act selection, of fabrics for pillows must
be ' determined upon" according to the
general style . of . the room * furnishings.
For "example/ if -the library has leather
covered furniture, never put a pillow
of ¦ ord inary silk against ; such • a , " back
ground ;¦ for no " mattv > how \ beautiful
it; may ; be in Itself i it \ will i look skimpy
and : - Insignificant • by; strong ! contrast."
Choose : heavy 'upholstery, brocade -'or
velour. preferably, the Iatter v ' in . dark,
rich," self-figured -.';' patterns, , and . finish
the edge* \ simply, using ; a e heavy, silk
cord to ¦ match or. In . harmonious com
bination': of shades. / Heavy ; ; knots jtied
in : - the'' coed at the corner of .'the* pillow
TO CLEAN "WHITH VELVET
(Helen)— It . Is almost impossible to
dean white velvet in a perfectly satis
factory, manner. However. It may be
greatly freshened by an application of
chloroform. First brush and beat the
velvet. free of all dust. Pin the velvet
out smoothly on an Ironing board, or It
may, be stretched "In an embroidery
hoop, and have plenty of dean white
cloths at hand. Dip a doth in chloro
form, rub lightly over the spot until *h
disappears, then, with a clean doth,
rub, over. the entire surface of the vel
vet to remove all soil on the nap. , Do
the -work very rapidly and finish «by
rubbing with another dean white doth.
Haste Is absolutely essential because of
the volatile nature of the cleaning fluid
and also to avoid ' a stain.
•"Y INCE women have taken to
playing-cards in the mornings,
v~ \ in the afternoons and in • the
y*S evenings it has become a pos
itive necessity to - take greater
care of the hands and nails than ever
before. ' They are. on parade," as'' it
were. It makes no difference how
daintily you 'may be f rocked, how
prettily your hair may be dressed or
bow sweet and fresh you may look, if
rour" hAndfl . axa . rough and . the nails
.TREATING COLD HANDS (Mrs. S.
L.)— Cold, moist hands are certainly an
noying, not j to\ say embarrassing at
times,, but the 'remedy suggested, will
overcome the trouble In the majority
of ; cases. -This condition of the hands
results from _averal causes, the most
common being general debility, nerv
ousness and impaired circulation. Are
you quite sure • that the armholes in
your Iwalsts . and other garments, espe
ciallyypur coats, are sufficiently loose?
Pressure I at this , point will alone \ fre
quently; cause the annoying perspira
tion of which you complain. If satis
fled : this ls\not at the bottom of the
trouble, build up the system by a good
tonic and nourishing foods. Follow the
regular weekly baths with a tonic bath
and a; brisk rubdown. Put alcohol and
cool water, equal parts, into a bowl
and /sponge the entire body quickly.
An astringent-*f6nlc solution should be
applied to the/hands, especially the
palms and the under side of the fingers.
Then dust with talcum powder . and
wipe "away ' all superfluous particles.
Dusting the inside " of all kid gloves
with talcum : powder will also . assist In
them i from the effects of
moisture until a cure is effected. An
excellent astringent f solution Is made
by steeping a large handful of white
oak bark (obtainable at any. drug store)
In. one quart of water for two or three
hours.^ Strain ' the fluid, which ; should
measure about one pint, and add one
"ounce- of .'alcohol/ Pour: into a bottle
having, a sprinkle top and keep in a
cool place." Moisten the hands with . the
solution several times each day and rub
vigorously Into the palms.
AROMATIC BATHS (Emlly>— Am a
nerve soother there is nothing equal
to an aromatic bath. Take 30 grams
of pure alcohol and 2 grams each of
essence : of thyme and essence - of ro
marin. Pour into the warm bath wa
ter and mix thoroughly. After tha
bath dry the skin thoroughly, but not
too briskly, so that the sedative effects
of the bath may be retained, i Retire
to bed as soon after the bath as pos
sible, and you will sleep.
FACIAL DEFORMITY IN EXPRES
SION (Babette)— An artist may catch
the most remarkable facial expressions
by simply studying the faces of those
whom . he meets on the street. Even
the casual observer has noticed the
most remarkable expressions which flit
over the faces of those he meets, and
without apparent cause. Ugly frowns,
peculiar squinting of the eyes, twist
ing of the lips are some of the com
mon facial deformities, and all of them
leave their marks on the countenance.
If one has a bad facial expression do
not hope to get rid of it by massage
or any other treatment unless you are^
willing to break the bad habit. Find
your weakness in this respect, using a
hand mirror as an eye-opener; it will
show you facial faults of which your
dearest friends would never remind
you. Lest yon forget, havec several
mirrors hung at convenient places and
seek to remedy the faults; do this and
good massage will, in time, remove the
trouble.
• SUPERFLUOUS HAIR (Mrs. M. S.)—
The only way to 'successfully and
permanently remove superfluous hair
is by the electric needle in "the; hands
of }a; skin specialist. Do not think of
Attempting the work " yourself/ for you
run the danger jof-disflguring Vourself
perhaps' beyond remedy. About twenty
seconds is required; to kill, the. hair fol
licle. aftef^ the Injection of !the electric
• needle.. } Whi!e r the "operation; is rather
painful : - as j well \ as . very tedious, forty
: or fifty : hairs- may^ be destroyed at a
sitting and without Injury- to the most
delicate skin^r Of 4 course this treatment
is . only, practicable when there is a
growth of coarse irregular, hairs on the
face; > the .finei;; thick growth on the
I arms cannot be removed by this meth
od, the hairs are too numerous. .
The application' of a good caustic or
;¦ depilatory/ in ; the :> form ¦ of ' a :. paste is
the best' thing to -use for the growth on
the'iirms; the?flrst removal .will not
be' permanent .as -the . caustic* rarely
reaches to tlie; roots of all of the of
fending hairs; 'after a time many; wili
grow again and • the treatment must
be repeated. •- However, the depilatory
affords relief and. if 'persisted ' in - will,
! in time, . destroy the disfiguring hair.
.'permanently. A reliable depilatory is
made, of ; one , part quicklime and- two
parts): of sulphate Tof calcium. Re
duce the Ingredients, to ' a fine powder."
mix, bottle and: keep closely corked.
When -for % use mix : a , small
quantity ;.with .enough;, water to form
"a ¦¦ thin "paste. Apply/a thin coating to"
: the hairy skin -and .allow it: to; remain
t until C the skin, begins .to.prtckle; then"
wash off Immediately with warm water
and soap. If left 'on too long* It will
blister; the skini Should the skin feel
sensitive after the operation' bathe with;
witch'hazel to allay- the irritation.
j , CENTERPIECES: AND DINING TA
BLES (M. I L. !D.)— Polished Idining^ ta
bles^are rarely covered ; between: meals
with" a" large I spread. "f'Jf> newer," ideal Is
to : use'only 'a centerpiece and, .by "way
of «•' further j embellishment, v place "¦ upon
it ; a- tall \ or rose" bowl .filled 1 with
cut (flowers, a potted * plant '.. or f silver
distillled -with , f eras. V The^slze i of \ the
centerpiece ' may, '.vary; from \ 24 to 60
Inches j In .diameter) 'j or,? even'': larger, .ac
cording,' to ' the '"dimensions" of .the ; table
and to. Individual '; taste: '¦- The most ele
gant , centerpieces fare*: of ; fln« > Renais
sance lace, | square or . round , in shape,
with (rather, small center of white" linen
and [ the^lace ¦ edge frlchly. embroidered
In . wash / silk. ; To; the novice^ It may
seein- very, much .'like gilding^ gold to
embroider lace, r [but ; It must " be ' con-:
ceded ¦ that \the * lace" and reflected ; lights
of ¦• highly |.pollshed -maho^ny^ or oak
make * a ?• rarely * beautiful -,?. background
for; the ; luxurious j- sprays of proses' or
f ruit ['¦¦ and^" foliage : designs '.which : are
showered upon it. Furtherm"- r fash
ion and women of fastidious taste have
Bet v their i seals > of /approval on this
Beenilng extra vagaace, hence it will
>. ;Answers>to
Correspondents
Qr 0 maiiyand so yaried are
v^ the little perplexities
cf tliat enter ; into almost
every woman's life without
Mdmg satisfactory ; solution,
and so many and so unusual
are the letters that are con
stantly /being received from
women who cannot find an
answer to their questions in
any other way, that The Sun
day Call has established this
page devoted entirety and ex
clusively to "What Women
Want to .Know,'' edited by
Madge Moore.
Here every trial or tribula
tion of the mind and heart
can be poured out in the full
consciousness that it will re
ceive serious consideration
— every question of fact or
fiction, of. the home and all
its manifold ties and tasks,
of the inner sanctuary of a
woman's life, finds ready so
lution. Ladies, this page is all
your very own. What would
you? T
Please address all commu
nications to Madge Moore,
editor "What Women Want
to Know," Sunday Call, San
Francisco. -^
CARE OF ; THE TEETH (Four Plain
Girls)— To lose the teeth by accident or
from uncontrollable natural causes is a
misfortune, but to neglect sound or
filled teeth; is inexcusable. Health aa
well as good "appearance depends so
greatly upon sound teeth that it Is
strange one has the courage to neglect
them even for a day. It Is true arti
ficial teeth are readily obtainable and
so cunningly fashioned as to almost
defy detection, but the real article Is
surely to be preferred, rso matter how
plain a face may be it is redeemed by
well-cared-for teeth, while a beautiful
face loses its charm if the opened lrps
disclose poor or uncared-for, teeth.
¦While nature does not treat us all alike
in the matter of good teeth we can
preserve such as we have with the. aid
of powder, brush and dental floss, with
the occasional assistance of the skilled
dentist. A good brush is essential, one
having moderately soft bristles being
best. Stiff brushes ruin the teeth, loosen
the filling and irritate the gums. Brush
the teeth upon rising in the morning
and before retiring and promptly re
move all traces of add as well as
sweets by rinsing the mouth with luke
warm s water soon after eating such
things. Pure lemon Juice or any add
which sets the teeth, on edge should
beavoided. Do not pick the. teeth: It
is an unpleasant habit, to say the least,
and may loosen the teeth. Remove any
collections - between the teeth with a
piece of dental fioss, slipped up and
down without irritating tne gums. For
sensitive gums rinse the mouth several
times daily with .a /good antiseptic.
Listerine- i3 excellent, using one tea
spoonful to a glass of water. A dainty,
inexpensive tooth powder- is made by
mixing four ounces of* precipitated
chalk with one ounce each of pulverized
orris root, borax and powdered myrrh.
Sift through 'a piece of fine cheese
cloth or lawn and bottle.
COSTUMES AND ACCESSORIES
(Betty)— It is unwise to spend the
major part of the allowance for cloth-
Ing in costumes and attempt to econo
mize on the little things which add so
much to one's good appearance. Im
maculate gloves and shoes and a be
coming hat will reclaim a dress which
Is not quite up to date, but the lack of
the correct "little things" win spoil
the effect of the most stylish costum9
ever made. Hats are a heavy item in
the expense account at best and if
economy must be practiced In this di
rection get a really handsome all-black
hat for calling, theater, etc. In prefer
ence to several hats of doubtful quality
to match as many costumes. A dressy
shape of black beaver, velvet silk or
novelty braid, with a long drooping
plume or clusters of tips and a touch
of Jet or rich lace Is suggested. Retrlm
the large hat of white mirror, velvet,
using cream silk fiber lace to cover the
slight imperfections on the right side
of the frame. Recurl the white plumes
and arrange on the left side with ends
drooping over the hair. To give char
acter to the hat, which is now lacking.
Introduce a dash of black, An aigrette
of black ostrich tips and paradise
plumes will give a dainty completion
at the base of the long ostrich plumes.
Or a large rosette of black mirror vel
vet with a cabachon of pearl In the
center may be substituted. Replace the
red berries under the brim with, a gen
erous cluster of velvet violets, shaded
from delicate mauve to a deep porple;
or use some of those delicate pink vel
vet roses which are a marvelous bit
of art bo wonderfully are the petals
molded. Theresult will be a stunning
fancy hat for evening wear. The new
est gloves are conspicuous In the very
wide stitching, or, correctly speaking,
embroidery on the hacks, either In self
color or in black.
not properly cared for you most cer
tainly do not bear; the stamp of a well
groomed woman., ; - "•-¦•<•'.-¦ v.
: The- trick | of j caring for. your, hands ;
is somewhat of a task unless you know
just how to go about It and then it is
too/ small. a matter to be considered in
the light of a bugbear, r Of course.v it
Is far easier to ' have som e one do < i t
for you, but.if ydu .want .a new ribbon
and ¦ have 'but: thirty-live cents In your
pocket, take the ribbon every time and
be -your own manicurist by .way , of
variety. : -/' •-;... '.'(}';.,:•'.'. : /^; •¦ V- : '',.-":/, /'•-¦
¦ Get *all * y»ur . paraphernalia out at
onco and place it -where you can reach
It "easily and quickly.;-. There,' should
be a bowl of hot : water, • soap, . a : nail
bleach, salve. pollsh,-a soothing lotion
and some soft powder for the. lost fin
ishing touches. , Rather a formidable
array, of Jars and bottles,, but as every,
one plays its' oA'n -little part, -all are
really -.needed. ' * * ~ '¦[.' '.'.,¦:
File "the nails Into therequired shape,
and this, by the way, is a question' that
you must settle, for /yourself. T They
may be either rouhd j.or<fpointed; ; but
if you prefer round or pointed do not
make the ,' mistake', of : filing 0: them
noticeably/so. r File/'Well down ; on
either side^in: the. ;hope of o-. catching
sight~ "of .! the "?¦ young - hangnail - that - is
r thinking seriously: of ; coming to i the
fore and then 'place- your,^hand- in
soapy water 'and 'keepl It there some
¦five minutes or more* until the j. skin
has softened'up a bit.- ¦¦ " . - '_
Don't clip the cuticle if you can' help
it, but press it gently back as far as
it : will proxwithout hurting - you.- $ -Try
to show as much 1 of the moon on- the
nail as Is possible. " f All the small par
ticles of dead skin, however, should be
cut off with sharp" scissors, • and V if
the cuticle is unusually .stubborn , an
orangewood stick inserted at one side
will. raise it all about the nail and
ha've the desired "effect. •
When you. have scrubbed them suffi
ciently, put any : soothing lotion on and
rub It thoroughly Into the skin.
There jj are very few," if I any, nails
that do not discolor and show dark
spots, that.- are .-anything but pretjjy.
but do; not let this /worry you. as it
really is the least of your. troubles.' D«lp
the orangewood in : a colorless , bleach
that. may be purchased at any drug?
gist's, and K the unsightly little " sopts
will remove themselves Immediately,
withoiit injuring the hail in the 'least:
/ Unless - you', are /.very "careful and
your nails are in • fairly \good condi
tion 1 , ten to one. they will grumble and
growl a;bit at your unwarranted in
terference.-.Then ' i t ' is ' high time ; for
your- healing salve,. and take good care
to see that it reaches every nook and
cranny, for it not only takes away all
soreness, but removes any dark specks
that / may: have got on the - skin.
If "none of the family can . be persuad
ed ' to con\erto 'your' rescue, ,it , is far
better v to work on one. hand till' it
reaches : this point "and then begin on
the other. -To be sure your nails wilt
be greasy, ' but the " pot cannot -very
well call the kettle black, and you will
not only save fme, but really work
more advantageously this way.
"When both hands' have; been duly,
doctored with the salve, dip: your b'uf-'
fer into a pink powder and rub the
nails: vigorously, . not i with/, a " bit ;'.' of
powder that needs "- a microscope' to
discover it. but ; with a ¦ good, gener
ous supply. Polish "them until you
can . see f a. healthy, shine- under ' the
mixture ; of salve and 'powder: and .then
put your hands. into some, clean,- warm
water ;and: scrub?, them; well < with la
brush and soap.; 'Not only your; nails
and the tips' of your ,flngers,-butj the
knuckles as well./ for -, it is astonish
ing 1 the -amount .of - dust that can "be
ground In and" not show, so very much
either.::- :, ' - / " ¦. ¦•¦-- ~" /\ '¦¦¦'->
v To be sure,; hosts of people. use a 11
quid gloss, but'lt gives a very high pol
ish ;and makes" the nails -look a little
too. pink. ; Not f only that, but. if ; you
make' a rule} of using: It < you -will soon
discover .that \ the ; natural f gloss . of the
nail ,wlirsoon : wear, away and in order
to keep your, hands Un"any sort^of pre
sentable shape* you win flnd^yourself
in? duty, bound ; to/use 1t, whether you
want to^ or; not. ..V < . .- .//>;¦ - "
• However, -if 'you? want to look espe-^
clally "smart for- some state • occasion,"
putithe polish on carefully. B Don't- take
the brush out of the bottle and dab- the
liquid on'any old way,: but wipe the
greater part of it off the brush. and put
it on: the. nail as evenly es you can,.be
ing careful not^o cover the moon. - Be
certain to make, this distinction, for. the
gloss is pink and it make3 the entire
nail a. solid : color.' . " : .
This -performance /need not be gone
through with more than once a week,
but , there are ' several little tricks that
wiH : do; : much r toward keeping your
hands in, good condition!* If you have
no maid and play the maid of all work,
. get a ; large bottle of | glycerine and
rum, equal parts,' and place it near
the kitchen sink. -When', vou have fin
ished washing the dishes or rubbing
out : a" few handkerchiefs. *-dr any of the
numerous little -things that are al
ways coming r to" the hands of the
housewife, put. some of ;it on your
palms.' Don't -think It is necessary to
stand ; -and rub the glycerine In until
the 5 hands are dry, 1 . ; for/ when one is
busy that 'takes -entirely .too much
time, : but^ rub_the : hands ¦ together for
.a second or so- arid -then wipe them
ion an ;old.' soft towel that you can keep
hanging in a convenient corner for this
.very; purpose.'- •,'¦'; \ x • * .
• And. by • the we y, ' If you will remem
berone little /trickevery time you wash
your ! hands, r lt< will 'save you an end
lesptirnount of trouble. \' Press the cutl
cle^back fromHbe' hailiasi far as you
can~lwJth;the towel,, and If you d6 this
several tlmes^ a .day. there" certainly will
be?ji6* e&cuse:'f or ' its- growing down 'and
making. Lvour; finger ends look stumpy
and; short.. •Instead.; If .'you .take the
trouble" to ¦' follow. out this simple pro
cedure* your, hands: will look longer,
your, fingers ¦ will • appear' more slender
and- more v.tapering, and you need not
feel ashamed : to keep. them plainly and
frankly above board.
continue in favor. The embroidery
must be well done with fllo floss and
the I colorings of . nature as well as the
shading closely followed; after padding
the" design - heavily with white cotton
floss. .A- less, expensive design In dark
effects is obtained with a centerpiece
of ; brown linen with an artistic con
ventional design richly tinted and em
broidered in heavy silks to correspond
with" the colors In the design. The
edges may be completed with embroid
ery or. a band of Russian lace, this be
ing the. most elegant. Squares; of fine
Irish linen -beautifully, enriched -with
drawn work and " hemstitched borders;
are always in perfect taste. A really
fine piece of linen is a good investment,
for with ordinary care It will- last for
years and Improve with frequent laun
"dering. A clever needlewoman can
readily make these articles during
spare moments and save considerable
expense. Square and round dining ta
bles are equally fashionable, although
the ' housekeeper, ever on the; alert for
a change, is going back to the ' oval
shape, slowly but surely.
give a more complete finish than when
put on plain. If more elaboration la
desired get the pillow cord having tas
seled endn. Knot at the three corners
and tie the tasseled ends In a bow at
the remaining corner. For variety a
single pillow of burnt leather or one
having an Indian head tinted In soft.
.glowing colors may be added. As bo
many, pillows are desired for the hall
Jllvan. three or four may be In tho
main colors of the other decorations,
either In self -figured brocade to match
the hangings or a different shade to
afford a pleasing contrast. Finish with
full double ruffles of heavy satin or
with a cord. 1/
Handsome needlework la always de
sirable, and In this line choose pillows
of heavy ecru linen, either plain or of
the newer cross stitch canvas, and em
broider In a combination of artistical
ly blended colors, choosing a conven
tional floral or geometrical design and
using very heavy silks. Complete with
a full ruffle of wide novelty ribbon,
which may be bought to match differ
ent schemes of color.
HOW A BEAUTIFUL HAND SHOULD BE TFl^llD
THE- -SAN FRANCISCO .SUNDAY CALL.
11
WHAT WOMEN
WANT TO KNOWCZAR'S "WILD WEST"
IN THE FAR EAST
Teaching Gunnery
But it is not alone that Mrs. Low has
the largest private collection of Indian
baskets In the world that .pros
pective exhibit, if the negotiations for
the purchase are successful, will prove
so interesting to visitors at. the 'great
exposition, but because there are", many
historical specimens in , the ,; collection.
Mrs. , Low has '¦> aimed • not merely to
gather the . greatest number of baskets
obtainable, . but has tried more ;, partic
ularly; to obtain rare ¦ specimens ¦ of fa
mous "old weaves of perfect design and
historical .usage.' ' . :
¦--Thus' there 'are baskets in . this : im
mense studio : from all branches of every
trlbe^in'the great^Soutriwest^v: which
have been handed ;dowri and' treasured
f roni i ' generation [ to ' generation : , until
they finally passed Into Mrs. Low's per
severing -hands. And to obtain just the
baskets ¦. she desiresr? true Jspecimena of
the genuine ; Indian^art; and craf ti ' Mrs.
Low . has \ gone ¦among the tribes therri-"'
seives and studied their history as well
as", the "development i of Ctheir -basketry
In 'order; riot' only] t6}ga.ther';he"r,*.valuai
ble collection at* first hand, '-but' to; write
a book, upon » whlch r >fshV : Sls now
engaged * and \ which *'will soon " be pub
lished, giving < in" minute \, arid . fascinat
ing detail ? the ; hlstbry'of ; her collection
in particular and "basketry"' in
eral. '¦ ¦ if.vc;; .' ¦'-¦' r ;),\ r
IF negotiations now pending are as
successful as they promise to be
California will have one of the most
unlqiife and Interesting as well as
one of the most characteristic and val
uable exhibits at the St Louis Expo
sition. It will be a mute but eloquent
testimony, not only of the develop
ment' but of the romance of the West
and It Is safe to say % that no exhibit
from any part of the world will at
tract more widespread attention.
This exhibit is now gathered in a
big apartment in the beautiful Hotel
Riviera at Long Beach, California,
which has become famous as a studio
or art room, and for -the reason that
there is possibly nothing similar to it
In existence, being reserved as a store-,
house of numerous and rare specimens
of antique and modern , basketry to
the number, of 419, representing the
product of fourteen tribes of Indians,
chiefly of Arizona arid California;
In this collection are all shapes and
color, In plaques, ollas, bowls, bas
kets. Jardinieres, tamale ¦ plaques, etc,
the. somber hues predominating.- -: ; ¦'[/,. <.'•
Mrs. W. S. Low, who owns this val
uable and^tinique collection, Is an ar-
tist of considerable ability, as attested:
by the beautiful specimens of . pyrbg- ;
raphy and paintings to be seen In con
junction with this exhibit, arid her ar-
tlstle tastes have led . her Into ' tne ac
quisition < ot './• a; J: specialty in art
in v the \ basket ; work to the ex
clusion of; all ¦¦ &tner, subjects, with
a very > few .-exceptions, until, she
may weir claim ! the distinction' of
owning the I most i. and > valu- :
able grouping .of '-, theseVmuch \] admired
specimens of : Indian handicraft, which
are'not' produced at the "present 'tlnw
in the same artistic and ' conscientious ,
manner '. as InJ times v past," • hence " 4 l the ;
value of this exhibit will increase with
time.; ¦,-.•:¦ . ¦ - ; ; : •
THE new system of giving young
British sailors a six weeks' pre
liminary gun drill to see If they
are capable of further tunitlon
;„ .- - : works fairly well arid is a great
Improvement on the old system, whea
a man was fully trained la gunnery,
whether he waa fitted for it or not, at
the expense of the country, says the
London Express. •'
.The only drawback to the scheme la
that gunnery is so complicated nowa
days that a man does not have time
to grasp the details thoroughly. The
Admiralty .tries t- make him'. a fight
ing machine before he is an Individual.
A sailor has three weeks' field drill,
in. which he learns to fight as a lines
man, then one week with light guns
up to the six-inch, and one week with
the heavy ordnance. During his last
week of the drill he has to go through
the others again, and frequently gets
considerably confused. .
The sailors are taken each morning
to drill on one of the ships in the har
bor, • and a man may . become efficient
in his duties on a cruiser, but he la
lost when he is ser»t to r?ea on a battle
ship. , ' _2'-
Many : gunnery lieutenants will not
take the time to explp'n to the men the
reason why certain methods have to
be employed in gunnery.- The men are
taught how to use the Instruments to
sight the guns,* but why. these are ne
cessary,: la not explained. The sailor
is heavily handicapped by not being
allowed, to think for ' himself, and
therefore does not »'evelop any power
of hull Ilii iHIM WmMUhTiiHUui'Hll'l I
His Majesty takes a great Interest In
gunnery, .and has spent ; considerable
sums privately in having the prize
firing returns > of the ships on foreign
stations" cabled to him. Only seventy
two medals were granted for shooting
last yea'r, in the entire navy. On the
battleships which made a shooting rec
ord'the'firing was done by not more
than twenty-five officers ana men out
of a crew of 900. :
The most serious trouble in the Royal
Navy 13 the defective gunsishts which
have bren supplied to some of the latest
battleships. - The Prince of. Wales ar
rived at Spithead ¦ recently from her
gunnery trials, and it was reported that
her' sights were incorrect, but no de
tails were Riven.. : ¦
, It Is said "that the derect is caused
through one firm having to supply the
sights for guns from. various makers.
The sight Is so fine that the slightest
deviation would throw it wit of lir.e
Arid . on" the 7 10th there came ' mighty
news. 1 Our* three Princes were - to be
appointed^officers,: by the^august com
mand of his Majesty. Pt liices' appoint
ment? :.! Certainly ; It v was great news.
Prince Kacho 'was ' to', be appointed -*a
division master of the Mikasa. Prince
Yoslhito was coming to' the shlp3 of
the ; Admiral Togo. And the Prince
Yamashina would be aboard the Yaku
mo.i 'All the 'sailors and officers "ex
claimed: "We will be sent to hell If we
show even a moment's hesitation In
There: was no other place so bu,sy as
Sasebo, where, all the workingmen were
kept at work day and night They were
hurrying i to make the ships ready, for
fight. The numerous torpedo-boats were
going out and In. Everything seemed
to cay that the war clouds were gath
ering. v '. ¦ .
. We welcomed the news that^our new
ly bought vessels from Argentina were
named ; Nisshln and Kasuga. Let me
tell, you, as a" bit of history, why our
country^ named them so. Some forty
years ; ago, when our country was In
the tumult " of . revolution^; the province
of ; Saga J presented a steamer named
Nisshln' to the : Emperor, r and ; the pro-:
vince : of : Kag08hlma^ the ; steamer ; Ka
suga. They did thelr'sefvice "splendidly.
But ; they were - broken , to' pieces - when
years passed. -• Now the names remain'
only In memory. "-' But old sailors and
officers w. ho \ took par t ' In .' olden ; times
cannot forget them." : Thiey are, cherish
ing: their dear names in their , bosoms.
It may : sound sentimental to say that
they t will prove to be able ships, -but all
the sailors firmly believe it.
January 15, Sasebo. — AH the sail
ors of Vice Admiral Togo's ship were
disappointed in their hope of welcom
ing a "Happy New Tear day" in
Japan. Some of them bade their fare
well to Japan some months ago. God
be with them — those sailors with their
eyes upon the glory of, their country!
They really expected to see the ris
ing sun of the first day in the Yellow
Sea — yes, looking upon the ruin of the
Russian' fleet wrought by themselves.
Their faces beamed when they were
summoned by Admiral Togo to the
deck to hear his words. His words?
Were they not the very notice of de
parture — of the break of war? They
gathered on the deck solemnly. The
admiral bade one to bring out the
things he had prepared. The eyes of
all the sailors were fixed. Alas, it was
a sanho of white wood. Sanho? Lit-'
tic table on which was placed a small
sword for committing harakiri— an
honorable suicide of ancient days. The
sailors understood perfectly what he
meant by it They understood that the
time was near for going to commit an
honorable suicide. They were glad.^
On the sanho were some little sheets
of paper, which the vice admiral,dis
tributed among the sailors. They were
his advice upon how to leave their af
fectionate words with their " mothers
and sisters. The crisis »was near at
hand. They smiled.
There was a report that the New
Year's party would be held on board
the flagship Mlkasa. Seventy officers
were taking part The "admiral for
bade, however.'.to act or speak anything
warlike on the streets or anywhere else.
We understood the time was approach-
Ing when we were to break fire in'si
lence. Should we await Russia's an*
•wer?:Y:/S- ' - . . ¦
{"»>{HAT Japan was fully prepared to
I fight is made plain by the follow
1 ing letter from Sasebo, Japan,
I which was printed in a copy of
a leading Japanese paper that
has recently reached America. The
date of the letter — January 15 — shows
that Japan was waiting Russia's reply
only for formality's sake.- It is not
hard to see why the Japanese could be
so quick In action. When her Min
ister was recalled from St. Petersburg
her ships were waiting for a chance at
Port Arthur. ,
The translation is by Tone Nog-uchl.
a native of Japan, who has lived in
this oountry for years.
Everything Is ready. Yet they are
not departing. They begin to condemn
th« Government's slowness 'in action.
They begin to call the Cabinet mem
bers cowards. "What use to wait for
Russia's reply?" they exclaim. "Is net
Russia playing a bluff? The hairy
Russlans shall see what the Nippon
spirit is.". They are only looking at the
face of Admiral Togo for his final com
mand.
It was on the afternoon of the 13th
that I got an Interview with the Ad
miral Togo. He was in his cabin,
busily engaged In writing. The papers
and some other stuff almost covered
his table. His face appeared especially
gloomy. Undoubtedly hie brain was
occupied by something important. Of
course, everything would be seriqns In
those days. He stopped his pen. and
looked upon me. And he said that ha
hoped the war could be averted. But
I thought I knew he was treating ma
like anybody else. His sparkling eyes
said "We shall fight." He gracefully
apologized for the Government's se
vere censorship.
"Japan is acting before. th« whole
world— not only for Russia. We must
try to keep our secrets and tactics be
hind the curtain as much as possible.
Usually our Japanese make too much
noise about nothing: We must show
to the world our , reserve of strength,
and. patience. I have found the public
satisfactory so far. But I hope they
wiir continue to act quietly even when
we shall have ruined all the Russian
ships. Our sailors' ' business is only
to fight Leave everything .to vml"
dying. Think of the Princes!" ' They
cried from Joy.
»ir y«\ ITHIN thirty versts of the
\ A / town of Khullnchen (popu-
Y Y ulation 70.000) the line
crosses the river Sungari
near the settlement of Kharbln." eo
runs the official report of the survey
of the East Chinese Railway, the Man
churlan branch of the trans-Siberian
Railroad.
The survey and the subsequent re
port to the Czar were made In 1838. In
Just Elx vears Harbin, Russia's Far
Eastern base in her war with Japan,
has sprung from the proportions of a
fishing hairlct, with a few of its Man
churian population engaged in pressing
oil from peas and beans, and distilling
a bad brand of brandy, to a flourishing,
bustling city of 125.000. There are 75.000
Russians, not including the soldiery,
and the rest are Chinese, with a few
Manchus. Each race has Its own sec
tion of the city, the Manchus still oc
cupying the original portion, around
which thp greater Harbin has been
built. But despite these racial divis
ions Harbin is a representative boom
town, » "Wild West" town in every
sense, even to Its bad men, who, up
to the outbreak of hostilities, thought
nothing of shooting up the town on
occasion.
The romantic story of the Harbin
of to-day begins. with the survey of the
East Chinese, or Manchurian. branch
of the trans-Siberian Railway. The
Russian engineers engaged in the work
started across Manchuria from the
trans-Baikal provinces, working east
ward in as straight a line as possible
toward Vladivostok. This determina
tion to run a bee line to the Pacific
brought them in time to the western
banks of the principal river of Man
churia — the Sungari. Opposite them
lay the scattered mudhouse settlement
cf Harbin; twenty miles farther down
the river was the city of Khulinchen.
An American surveying party would
have made a detour to tap so flourish
ing a commercial center, but not 6o th«
Russians. Harbin was In front of them.
It was on a direct line with Vladi
vostok, the road would cross the river
at Harbin, and twenty miles would be
caved.
Alter that history was made at a
rapid rate In Harbin. River steamer
after river steamer dumped Its cargo
of rails, bridge work and other mate
rials along the river banks; bridge
builders, engineers, blacksmiths, lock
smiths, carpenters, linemen, railway
doctors and surgeons, clerks and ac
countants, arrived In great "numbers
from Russia; and hundreds of coolies
— Chinese, Manchus, Koreans, Solons.
Golds, Burlats and whatnots — attracted
by the prospect of remunerative work,
invaded the little town. Harbin leaped
over night from a fishing village of &
few hundred souls to a humming rail
road center of several thousand. ..-¦
Then, while the railroad was being
pushed with feverish haste across the
plains in either direction, and the foun
dations for the great bridge across the
Sungari were rapidly being laid, -word
reached Harbin that the Czar had
leased the Llaotung peninsula for a pe
riod of twenty-five years from the Chi
nese Imperial Government, and a road
was to be run to Port Arthur, on the
peninsula's tip. from a point on the
East Chinese Railway, and the Junc
tion was to be at Harbin. Surveyors
were^mmediately sent out from Har
bin, and. as a result. In a few months
material' was coming in greater quan
tity than ever by steamer, more arti
sans were errivinff from Russia and
flocking from the towns , bf Central
Manchuria, and more coolies by the
thousand were being employed, for
two railways were now being built out
of Harbin instead of one.
In the meantime the railway admin
istrator, who had practical authority
over Harbin, though Manchuria offi
cials were in nominal control, had
solved the problem of supplying the
ever-growing town and the railroad's
builders with food stuffs. Harbin is
Naturally, Harbin's rapid growth has
attracted to it many bad elements, as
is th« rase when new towns in . the
"Wild West" of the United States. In
deed. Harbin is a "Wild West" town of
Lp to the very dav of the outbreak
of hostilities, the boom wag still on
apparently undimlnisheu in vigor the
city resounding with the constant din
of tools all day lone and far Into the
night, when electric lights guided the
regiments of workers.
Russia had not then made the first
or tnc scries of her promises to get
put of Manchuria, and immediately fol
lowing the report of the Russian strat
egists to, St Petersburg. Harbin ex
perienced a boom of such proportions
as to make her first one seem insignif
icant. Where one Russian -.rtisan had
come from his native land before fifty
now came, and they and the Chinese
workmen, wjio literally Hooded to Har
bin in droves, not only erected great
raI1 £ oad chops and terminals, But
rushed up ooores of administrative
buildings, solid blocks of business
t^? "« a i ld STi af T tc !i row of residences.
k ° nly . that * Industries, backed by
both Russian and Chinese capital
sprang into full blast every bit as mar
velously— especially those capable of
furnishing an army with the neces
sary commissary supplies. In six years
ten flour mills have' been established
with an aggregate daily output of 1 -
000 000 pounds of flour; a half million
dollars are invested in meat backer-
ies. cattle and hogs being extensively
raised on the plains around Harbin
and the city has been built from the
brick manufactured there and the lum
ber cut and sawed In the great neigh
boring forests to the north and north
west- In the last four, years the offl
dal reports show* that the Russian
Government has spent nearly 116 000 -
000 fa Harbin, and that Chinese an'l
private capital invested there airere
gates J25.000.000— a grand total ofTj41.-
The ease with which several hundred
men stood off several thousand for half
% y . C^ r «* ce attra «ed the attention
of the Russian strategics tc Harbin
They reported it easy of defense, com
mai.dlng. as it does, the nver and the
plains In all directions, and a splendid
base In case of war, by reason of the
fmile and wooded country round
about, accessible both by water and
Sheng, on the outbreak of the Boxei
movement, received orders from Peking
to kill all the foreigners in his district.
Sheng liked the Russians; he sent back
word that he had neither guns nor
bullets with which to obey the order
and If he had he wouldn't commit mur
der. Then Sheng got a reply ordering
himself to execute himself. Sheng de
cided that It was no use to parley fur
ther with the Peking authorities-, and
promptly went over to the Russians
bag and baggage, and his advice did a
lot toward keeping the besieging Box
ers at a respectable distance. *
At the time of the siege 150 foreign
ers, mostly Russians, were left in the
town; the rest were scattered along
the lines of the building railways.
They directed the defense, and In this
they were aided by Sheng. the Chi
nese commander-in-chief of Tonewau
gho.
situated In the heart cf the most pro
ductive part of Manchuria. A fertile
plain stretches for miles to the south
and a much larger one. with great lor
ests. to the northwest. Almost every
thing Is raised on th«m In abundance
— wheat, rye. corn. oate. barley, rlc-s,
grasses, vegetables and fruits— and
each plain Is tapped by navigable
rivers, the southern by the Sungari.
the northern by ths Nonni. which
empties Into the Eungarl at Bcdune, fif
ty miles above • Harbin. All this the
Russians found out as they went from
Harbin to build the railway and so an
down the rivers came supplies in am
ple quantity, brought by Chinese
farmers, who had been told of the
promising new market for their pro
ducts, and by Russian steamers sent
Into the plains country to buy food-,
stuffs at the villages along the river
bank. Consequently, when In 1900.
6000 Boxers besieged the town for
six months, until the approach of
three Russian relief expeditions, more
than enough supplies had been accu
mulated to carry the besieged safely
through on liberal rations.
HOW ADMIRAL TOGO
PREPARED FOR WAR
BY TOYOHIKO TURUSHIMA
THE SAN FRANCISCO SUNDAY CALL.
12
TIMELY TOPICS OF THE WORLDR.eindeer Suits
New 5ca Signals
Wcrn-OuiRubber
Here's , to the . hostess who ¦ has '.worried
"' ; all day, t ' :"'¦¦,<'/.¦- .' ; " '
And trembled . lest , everything go the
¦.wrong:. way./ ;
May • the \ grace ; of contentment possess
'l v her; at -once; - - / ',.,.; ;. :; :~
Majr. her. guestsjfand ; Beryarits-^all
do the right //stunts." - ; i
—Francis :Wilson In Good Housekeeping.
Fc-r t he paltry ; sum >, of $33 a prim a
donna . once • famous '.was j. recently sold
at auction in London. - True,' the -singer
dled*centurie8 ago, 'arid/ it- was only, her
munimyi that r the [ purchaser obtained.
A'fairit hieroglyphic: Inscription on the
mummy, showed ithati: the S singer .had
heldva leading* position -ln^theiTemple
of.'Anfmon," where in 1 , old " days 1 the mas-^
terpleces : of { Egyptian music were , per
formed.- •¦¦• .--^¦,^-c-:- *•:¦*'-{'}'•: r ¦•¦¦ ¦' -:?>..
it's, queer how; many women' act w^ell
till they go on the stage. .
It takes all the money a man has ' to
put on the appearances of having more.
¦ -.-' A t- woman? blames school •teacher, if
he doesn't "dlEcipline her, boy and hates
him if .he does. v .
Shrimp salad aria chafing dish mush
rooms will ; provision an' : engagement,'
but it takes! roast . beef '. and mashed ¦po
tatoes to satisf yTmarried lif e. . ;
i Men > are ; idiots . enough i to think jr. If
they iwere "married, to , a .widow ,. she
would say as nice" things abotitl her P live
husband as she does 'about Her "dead
one.-' ' I . ¦ ' • "
; : Stamps. by Ton-
Though stamps are not usually sold
by /weight, a ton from the Island ? of
Cyprus wasTecently, bought by a. Lon
don , flrin dealing in- this commodity.
For- a time British stamps', with" an ap
propriate surcharge were in use there,
but owing to change in the currency
from ~; pence > to plasters these became
obsolete. The firm of Stanley. Gibbons
'offered' $4000 for those left over. There
•were "flix or seven million stamps In the
lot, and they weighed a ton.
A Toast
S i n ger Au ct i on e d
Bachelorisms
Two and a half times as large as tho
United States and Alaska.
Thirty, thousand 1 miles of coast line,
half of it ; ice-bound.
. Thirty-six thousand miles . of rail
road, two-thirds of . it owned by the
Government. • .
The United States \ has ,. fifty-three
times as many miles of telegraph and
sends fifteen times as much mall.
~ The United Staites ! has twenty-three
times as many factories.
One-twentieth as much coal produced
and one-sixth as much iron as in the
United States.
Total exports J350.000.000;
Next to the United states as a grain
producing country- i - .'.
Population in 1903, 141,000,000.
Russians 66 per, cent, Poles 7 per cent,
Finns 5 per cent, Turco Tartars 9 per
cent and Jews 3 per cent. .
Average laborer: gets one-fourth as
much wages as in the United States.'
Only ninety, daily papers. . V.
Russian Facts
"The life of a rich man is worth more
than the life of a poor man, and the
physician has a "right to charge the
millionaire more for his services than
he does the laborer," is theoplnlon re
cently handed, down. by a Philadelphia
Judge, who went en to say: ,
"The physician Is i unlike the mer
chant who has i goods of different qual
ity to sell at various prices. 'He must
give his .'best services > in every case.
But it does not follow, that the service
is worth the same in every case. ,
"Human life has; a pecuniary value
of variable, 'quantity, 'greater, in' the
millionaire ; than in .the laborer. Thus
the ; practitioner of common; sense
makes '• out his blll\ to ;. suit the pecu
niary circumstances of his patients.—
New .York Press. V ',$ -.-.. .
Price of ILife
Consu! General John K. Gowdy. in a
report from Paris to the State Depart
ment, describes a new method of exter
minating rats and mice.
The process was devised by the Pas
teur Institute, and use Is made of. mi
crobes. ' Scientists recently experiment
ed on a tract of nearly 3000 acres, badly
Infested with 'vermin. Four tons of
bread and nine tons of - oats were used
as bait. These had been treated with a
solution in. which the microbes were
cultivated, and were placed near the
holes made by the rodents.
The scientists estimated that they
killed fully 95 per cent of the rats and
mice living in the tract treated.. A field
of two ., and , a half acres was chosen,
and 12.484 ratholes were counted. These
were closed, and two days later it was
found that 1304 had been opened.
The bait was used, and eight days
later only thirty-seven holes had been
opened. Fifteen or twenty rats were
frequently found dead in one hole. The
Chamber of Deputies has been asked to
pass a law requiring, farmers to co
operate to exterminate rats with mi
crobes." . The ; Government will furnish
the solution.' The cost of the cultures
is 3 cents an acre.
MANY miraculous cures have
been attributed to the bones
¦ of the 11.000 virgins which
form on« of the world's
most remarkable shrines. In the
church of St. Ursula, at Co
logne. The story goes that the
calnt and the vast number of
beautiful young women were slaught
ered by the Huns. Long years after
ward, In the twelfth century, some
workmen digging near Cologne dls-
covered the great number t}f bones.
It was a grewsome find, that seemed
inexhaustible, but finally all of the
ghastly remnants were collected.
The arrangement in the church, as
shown by the photograph, is both ar
tistic and impressive, possessing a dig
nity and solemnity which are deep
ened as the story, dim with the mist
of years, is recalled- Not only the
church perpetuates the memory of St.
Ursula and the virgins — they have
been shrined in poetry and painting,.
Mrs. Chauncev L. Morlan, who was
the tallest fat woman in the .world,
died recently. She was 6 feet 1 inch
tall and when she died weighed 454
pounds. This was really light weight
for her. for she had weighed as much
as 582 pounds. Mrs. I Morlan leaves a
husband, who is something of a heavy
weight himself. He. tips' the scales at
748 pounds. Together they were the
fattest married couple, In the world:
Mrs. Morlan was 31 years old and she
had been exhibiting herself for nine
teen years. She was born In St. Louis
and was a normal child until she was
7. When Mrs. Morlan was 12 years old
she began her career as "Anna Bell,
the fat wonder." Eleven ...years ago
Anna Bell met her husband, who was
the "Indiana \ fat boy." After their
marriage they made a home for them
selves at Indianapolis and continued to
be freaks together.
*— '.,/- — ; — — *
Wornout; rubber, like worriout sil
ver, is something that does' not exist
in these days. > Ever since the. advent
of bicycles and motor i carB, both , of
wfyich, drew heavily^.' on .the ¦' world's
rubber supply, and ever since the hun
dred and one uses "to which rubber is
put In connection with electricity^ the
material has become .more and" more
scarce and -valuable, :. so that { even :. the
old rubber shoe: and the/"wofributVrub
ber , boot may i, throwv out . their chests
in pride at being ] worth \ really some
thing. --. Nothing containing ' •. rubber is
discarded nowadays. ' The 2 old : rubber
coat over • which the , spring • tires of a
motor car may 7 run on a country road
to-day may some day find, a : nesting
place in the ". soft tresses of a woman's
hair, after having been transformed
into a. handsome comb.
>Eyen vulcanized rubber, which, ow
ing:" to the : sulphuric . process | to which
it was, subjected, "was formerly, value
leE3,; Is now', subjected "to ' a process
which rejuvenates it and makes; it 'fit
to be worked u4> again for the purposes
of the manufacturer. . Immense quan
tities of \ this ;, product, which formerly
was ¦; assigned to a ¦: rubbish t heap, . ' are
now treated ; arid admixed : with a * cer-.;
tain percentage of jiew ¦ gum, enough to
cheapen the price of iribst rubber goods
turned but \ by ; the -manufacturer ¦ to
day.' Old rubber," ;however,.; .can ;'. be'
used by itself 'Without any 'addition : of
fresh gum;Jthe /process of "treatment
being a • simple ) one.— London Answers.
WONDERFUL SHRINE
Microbes Kill Rats
The question is often asked why the
Czar Is unable to exert more real per
sonal influence in the governirient of
the country where he is supposed- to be
absolute autocrat. A curious hint of
the limitations imposed on him is given
by a writer in a late number of the.
Fortnightly "Review:
"The; amusements of .the. Czar are
few.. He is fond of photography, some
times* indulges in a mood for the mak
ingfc-f melancholy, verse, and he Is an
adapt with the cycle. When atGatchina
he. Is in the habit of cycling by himself
for : a portion of every, day, but at
Peterhof the work brought down from
St:" Petersburg and \he constant Inter
views i with/Ministers and officials con
sume the whole of his time, and a light
in his\Majesty's^writing: room may be
seen far into .the night as he labors
,with the mountains of papers that are
dispatched to him by cunning Minis
ters, who are resolved to surround the
young Czar'. with a parapet of detail
in order, to prevent his rnastery.of Jttie
larger, questions affecting Russian pol
icy. The ' Czar is a kindly, saddened,
overworked and unhappy, man. ' His
desire to do his duty compels him to
engage in an unceasing struggle" with
details": which are , never/overtaken." , In
this struggle he is ; helped ) by "one' of
the best and noblest of "women,* whose
virtues are derived through her mother,
from Queen Victoria."
Giants of Fat
Overworked Czar
"Wanted, a. boy;; to be partly outside
and partly behind .the counter."— Lyre.
"Wanted by a respectable girl/ her
passage to New York, willing" to take
care of children and a good sailor."
"Respectable widow wants washing
for Tuesday."
"For Bale— a . pianoforte, the prop
erty of a musician- with carved legs."
"Mr. Brown, furrier, begs to an
nounce that he will make up gowns,
capes, etc., for ladies out of their own
skin." . /
"A boy v anted who can open oysters
with a reference." \
"Bulldog- for sale: will eat' anything;
very fond of children."
"Wanted an : organist*' arid a boy to
blow.;the same." ?
"Wanted, experienced nurse for bot
tled baby." . v
"Furnished apartment suitable /for
gentlemen with, folding doors."
"Wanted, . a room for two gentlemen
about 30 feet long and 20 feet. broad."
"Lost a collie dog by a man on; Sat
urday answering to Jim with a brass
collar around his neck and a muzzle."
"Annual sale-'now # going on. Don't
go elsewhere to be' cheated— come An
here."
"A: lady wishes to sell her piano, as
she is going abroad in a strong iron
frame." I *•
,-,-,. \ Europe. The Macedonians,
are determined to eventually throw off
the Turkish. yoke, and so fervid Is this
spirit that even the women have taken
up arms and stood' the rigors of cam
l.aigningJift the open. ; The- picture
given herewith "is that of a patriotic
woman armed for the She
is a formidable Amazon, .but a'comely
one as well, something, of a Balkan
Brunhilde, with ; little poetry in her,
perhaps^ and plenty of fight. ;-.',
WHILE. the war Is in progress
in ; the Far East; Macedonia
is adding to the disquiet of
In Barnum & BnUey's show there
are six of these hounds which have
been trained to leap over and through
barriers of great height. Two have
acquired such proficiency that one
leaps through a square hole scarcely
large enough to permit the passage of
his body. This hole 13 cut through
the barrier, about twelve feet from the
bottom.
PERHAPS the most vigorous and
agile dogs in the world are
Russian wolfhounds. Built
something like a greyhound,
but with more muscular limbs anil
shaggy coats, they are capable of
feats of agility truly astonishing. .
Funny "Ads"
One of the most formidable problems
of coastwise navigation by which mar
iners are confronted is the difficulty -of
determining the direction from which
fog-bells and signals come, the appar
ent direction of the location of the
sound being dependent to a large de
gree on the condition of the atmos
phere. If vessels could run from light
ship to lightship infallibly by sound, as
they do by sight in fair weather, the
Improvement would amount alpiost to
a revolution In coastwise traffic.
A new srstem of submarine bell sig-.
naling. which seems to solve the prob
lem, is described in an interesting arti
cle In Harper's Weekly. The apparatus
may be briefly described as follows:
Each of the four steamers of the line
on which the system is being tried are
equipped with microphone transmitters
of new and peculiar construction.
which take up from the sea water the
vibrations Imparted by bells suspended
by chains from the respective light-,
ships, and the impulses forwarded to
telephone receivers in^the pilot houses
record wlth ; accuracy the direction of
the location of the bells and an approx
imation of the distance.
From their herds of reindeer the Lap- i
landers In Northern Europe take the
woolly hair and make from it blankets,
which are remarkable for their excel
lent qualities of resisting moisture and
cold. • Of these blankets the United-
States Consul at Frankfort, G*ermany,
has this to say:
"A close examination of the hair of
the reindeer furnishes an explanation
of its peculiar value. The hair does
not have a hollow space inside for its
whole length, but is divided, or par
titioned off, into exceedingly numerous
cells, like watertight compartments.
These are filled with condensed air.
and. their walls are so elastic and at
the same time of such strong resist
ance that they are not broken up,
either during the. process of manufac
ture or by swelling when wet. Thf>
celjs expand in water, and thus it bap
pens that a man clad in garments
made of reindeer wool does not sink
When in water, because he is buoyed
up by means of the air contained in
the hundreds of thousands of hair
cells.. In the markets and stores of
Norway, Sweden and Russia garments
and blankets of reindeer wool are to
¦ be had at, lower prices than other fab
rics. In Vienna there is .a; factory
which manufactures garments of rein
deer wool,. especially bathing costumes.
For persons unable to swim the pos
session of such garments is of great
value. It is possible that they may be
utilized in learning how to swim. Re
cently successful trials have been made '
In Paris in this line. In England at
tention has been directed to this pe
culiar property of reindeer wool, and
.It is proposed to take up its manu
facture and possibly improve It."—
From Fiber and Fabric.
Dr. Madison J. Taylor, giving general
advice to the aged in the Popular
Science Monthly, saya in effect that old
people do not stoop beeause they are
old, but they get old because they stoop.
The stiffening of the tissues, which is
the. sign and accompaniment of age, is
¦warded off by exercise. SelMndulgence
in eating and In, drinking and in lazy
ways is the sure'_ road to senility. "I
have often been surprised arid grati
fied, 1 ' writes "the doctor, "to find that
regulated movements of the neck and
upper truncal muscles, employed for the
purpose of accomplishing something
else, resulted in a conspicuous im
provement in hearing, in vision, in cere
bration and, as a consequence, In bet-;
termeht in cerebral circulation, also in
sleep.' \ I
"Persons who habitually maintain an
erect position in standing or sitting are
stronger than those who slouch. A per
son who stoops and allows the
shoulders to sag. down and forward and
the ribs' to fall back toward the spine
shortens the ante-posterior diameter of
the thorax anywhere from two to five
inches. •» * * The lungs, heart, great
vessels and other Important structures
in , the thorax cannot live, - move and
have their proper being under such cir
cumstances." ¦ - ' , .
Wherefore, the proper thing for per
sons who are not so foung as once they
were is to brace up, dress young and
feel young. "-Sitting "hunched up" over
a fire won't do it. . ,
Don't »§>fco op
thought and action, a generous dispo
sition and a love of good fellowship,
on the one side, and a bold and brutal
nature on the other— that is what you
may expect from the person who chor
tles out his mirth in gTeat round "o's."
"Ho. ho! ho, hoi" — can you not hear
the fleering, flouting mirth of the vil
lain in the "ten-twent-thirt" melo
drama? Those who laugh in "u" are
misanthropic, parsimonious. Their dry,
cackling mirth comes rasping up from
their lungs in broken bits— as if they
were too stingy to let it all out In one
genuine, honest guffaw. The French-"
man has not yet carried his investiga
tions far enough to tell us what kind
of people it is that laugh sometimes In
"w" or "y." but we strongly sucpect
that such a laugh would be an Indica
tion of a character bo complex in its
nature that one would be terribly sur
prised, no matter what they expected
cf It.— Express Gazette.
t^ruls. A pointer for Hamlets, this.
Still, we could scarcely reconcile the
"he-he" of the chronic giggler to the
accepted traditions of Hamlet.
The laughers in "i" are the hesi
tant, shy, naive and easily influenced
brothers and sisters. Liberality of
Every man who laughs tells exactly
what kind of a man he is. At least
that's what a French specialist who
has devoted a great deal of time to
the Ftudy of the human larynx and
the sounds that proceed therefrom af
firms. -':-¦]-
Cvery person who gives way to
n'jrth at all. he says, laughs in one or
another of the vowels. Those who
laugrh in "a," with a merry "ha-ha,"
are frank of nature, loyal to their
friends and unfit for "treason, strata
gems and spoils." • If they are girls,
they may have a bit of the "Tomboy"
in them: and in any case they like
noise and plenty of it. and do not ob
ject to excitement. So the Frenchman
Fays. These who laugh In "e" are in
clined to be phlegmatic, melancholy
t&zgih Leaping
Russian Dogs
Roadlegs have to be acquired as
much as st-alegs" and in the various
forms of locomotion, : from the jolting
omnibus to the <:ulck shopping tubs
and air-braked trains, frequent oppor
tunities arise for estimating the vari
ous amounts of agility; clutching ; of
stay straps and" compensating bodily
movements made by the cognoscenti
in the . particular class of vehicle _Df
which they are for the time endeavor
ing to; form an integral part. That
all forms of traveling are tiring is evi
dent from the common tendency ' to
sleep in railway carriages. -
The vagaries of the traveling public
are curious; some cannot, ride except
facing the engine or the horses, others
cannot travel at all by railway, some
have faint feelings when, going at a
high speed, others are made actually
sick and we have ..known the utmost
confusion caused to some unfortunates
by the seats opposite the. direction in
whi<«h the train is' moving being occu
pied, though curiously enough the
same feeling Is not set. up when the.
passenger can have, a seat placed par
allel with the direction of
There is reason to believe 'that the ac
tion upon the. eye muscles of the. rap-
Idly changing parallax*, and -the 'quick
passage of ¦*oDjects ; fhat'*are'..rriet arid
left have much^.toCdd with the pro
duction of, tired': feeiings and of head?
aches caused by -long journeys, and
great relief Is often experienced by
simply closing the eyes or by refrain
ing from looking out of the windows,
and if reading is to be indulged In,
the daylight should be chosen and a
large .and clear type of print selected.
— From the Lancet.
Traiia SicRness
Amazon, of
Macedonia
The Iowa Supreme Court has^decided
that a. tramp has rights which a: train
man -must respect, affirming, a decision
from Pottawattamie- County." in"' which
Joseph Johnson 'secured judgment f,or
Injuries sustained by' reason of forcible
ejection from'a moving train. The low-i
er court/held 1 that a; tramp 'has no
rights,; and, that the trainman was jus
tified'.in throwing hinv, from the tra4n,
no matter what: the results might be.
A new trial was granted,' and a. favor
able~decision rendered/* - . ,v
Tramp ": Rights
£"Tpj HE umbrella sail. Which Is an Eri-
I ffUsh invention, Is attracting at-
I tentipn of yachtsmen in all parts
A of » the* world. With this type of
sa.il a small boat, which could not safely
carry to exceed £00 square feet of can
vas with an ordinary rig,. can carry 360
square feet without danger. ' '¦
In, fact", the risk. of being capsized is,
practically removed,, while
the increased speed of the boat is near
ly in proportion, to the increase In her
canvas..- The orginal boat put in ser
vice this year at Cowes, England, is
only 17 feet on the water-line, but car
ries r an umbrella sail which measures
;30 feet horizontally, and 16, feet, up and
down. The sail also serve's-as an.im
mense awning. _ The American Ship
builder says the chief feature' of the cy
clone sail, which is practically a large
umbrella, is that the. wind pressure on,
it has no effect whatever to incline the
boat. ' Roughly speaking, 1 the pull of
the sail is at right angles to its mean
.urface— that is to say, "in the direction
9t the mast. . , t •
In other words. It; may be described
as a kite held by a' rigid string. If the
mast were stepped quite oh the lee side
of "the boat~, it is evident that" the sail
would lift the lee side and so list th?
boat to windward; and If the mast wer<»
stepped on the weather side, lifting th«
weather side of , the boat. It would
necessarily list the boat to leeward. It
follows, then, that there la some cer
tain point—which happens to be slight
ly on 'the lee ' side of" the center line —
at which, if the mast is stepped, there
will be no tendency for the wind to
careen the boat at all. When actually
sailing in the boat the only way in
which one is aware j of a puff of wind
Is by noticing that the boat travels
faster and experiencing' a slight sen
sation similar, to that coming from the
acceleration -of \ the engines In a
steamer. For sailing with the wind In
different directions to • the boat, the
whole mast and sail are rotated by
means of a turntable, to which ths
mast Is attached and the mast is ele
vated and - lowered by means of two
tackles. There is also a balance
weight which helps to elevate the mast
arid balance its dead weight.
The Thornycrof ts, the great English
beat builders, are experimenting- in the
expectation that the umbrella sail can
be adapted to row boats, canoes and
other small craft.
The apparatus consists of a type
writer which, by depressing a key,
j-ends two impulses. Each letter re
quires only two impulses, and the
different letters are obtained by means
of the time interval between these im
pulses. For wireless purposes these
impulses operate a switch connection
with the induction coil, thus making
the pparks for sending the ether waves.
The Induction coil is connected with
an aerial well as an earth wire. To
turn the apparatus into a receiving in
strument it is only necessary to move
a switch which is placed beneath the
typewriter. This makes all the con
nections to the receiving apparatus,
which consists of a. coherer and a very
sensitive relay.— Invention Age.
A wireless telegraph writer, or zero
graph, as It is called for the sake of
brevity, has been invented by an Eng
lishman. The zerograph, in appearance,
resembles an ordinary typewriter, but
It Is of simpler construction, with a
keyboard figured with the signs of the
letters and numerals, which J can be
printed or telegraphed to any number
of instruments. Each instrument, the
inventor explains, is at once a receiver
and a transmitter,, enabling operators
to corvprse wish ore rnr he* in writ
ing, and thus obviating misunderstand
ings, which are apt to occur jn tele
phonic communications. So far mes
sages have been sent only for a short
distance, but it is intended to experi
ment over wider spaces, and it is hoped
that messages can be sent to any dis
tance that ether waves will carry. The
machine is always ready for imme
diate use, and as there is no mechan
ism which requires to be wound up in
order to obtain synchronism, the ope
rator has both hands free for manipu
lation. -
jj Measurements taken by the surgeons
of the Japanese 1 army show that the
Japanese smallness'of stature is due to
an almost dwarfed condition of the
legs. This Is probably due to the fact
that from early childhood a really un
natural wav of sitting is constantly
practiced. "The adult Japanese is ac
customed to sit with, his legs bent un
der him. As soon as the child is old
enough to be set upon the fioor'hls legs
are bent under him In Imitation of the
custom of his elders. This in time
dwarfs the growth of the limb. This
actual deformity is less common among
the peasants than ' among scholars,
merchants and others of sedentary
habits.
He west .Wonder
BigXnme : Men
accepted the place of president of the
Eighth International Geographic Con
gress, which will meet. in Washington
next September, may - not be here .. to
perform the' duties of that office. He
has not 'given. up the idea that he may
get away on hia.trip to the north pole
In July. He expects every day to learn
something definite.- Whether., he"; gc-es
'himself or not, he will arrangtj.to send
a* sh!^ en a preliminary"- trip to pre
pare'for his voyage in the summer- of
1905. H« is having some difficulty, in
obtaining -a vessel which he regards
as satisfactory for his -pur
pose, and unless he finds . one which
meets all the requirements of the hard
voyage to- which it will t be subjected
he proposes to have a ship constructed.
The advantage of the preliminary trip
is in setting information "to "the na
tives -.that* Peary is coming, and the
collection by them .cf walrus meat for
the doss and furs for the ; use of the
travelers. Sho-uld Peary rernain ;at
home th»s year he will accompany the
geographers in their trip, to New York.
Niagara, Chicago and St. Louis, and
perhaps across the continent, a fea
ture which Is now. under consideration
by the managers of- the congress. *
,;« , • — . . . j — — v
Civil Engineer R. E. ' Peary/ who has
It is valued at £10,003 ($50,000) by the
authorities at Woolwich and the cus
todian of the rotunda says he believes
the French Government would give
1,000,000 francs to gain possession of it.
Probably the exhibit which impresses
the public mind more than any other
is Napoleon Bonaparte's traveling
stove, in which the meals of the great
campaigner had been cooked on many
a battlefield before Wellington cooked
Napoleon's goose at Waterloo. There
are about twenty thousand exhibits in
the rotunda catalogue, but the cata
logue holds more than the rotunda.
Hundreds of guns lie around the build
ing in the grounds. It was thus that
the thieves were easily able to carry off
six. — London Express.
I Telltale Laugn
Tfcs recent theft of six cannon from
the rotunda at Woolwich has • made
knov.-n the existence cf that establish
ment to thousands of Londoners who
v.cndered why they had never heard
of the museum of artillery that is opea
to the public all the year round with
out charge of admission. On boxing
day people repaired thither by road and
rail treat all parts of the metropolis to
see the gaps made by tha robbers
among the outdoor guns and to inspect
the exhibits inside.
Lieutenant Colonel Boileau. who has
charge of ihe institution, was proud of
one suit of armor which ecHoses in
value enythSnsr of the sort to be seen
anywhere In London. Th:s is the ar
mored figure of a knlsbt in cap-a-pie
plate armor of the early e-xteenth cen
tury, engraved, russeted and partly
gilt. The suit is attributed to the fa
mous Chevalier Bayard and is said to
have boon brought from the Chateau
St. Germains.
050,000 Coat
r Henry Oldys of the Biological Survey,
Washington, delivered ~ a ". \ lecture . on
"Birds" recently, . which opened 'with
a' statement of the newness of the; field
in which the lecturer investigated
of : the two conclusions indicated by Mr.
Oldys' studies, viz.: That the birds are
un'd ergolnjr ' a/ ; musical evolution - \that
parallels that -of; human' beings .and
.tha tithe: latter is :, not "a J ; fortuitous
growth, ¦ but . has a .. definite. Ideal stand
ard toward "which . it must progress.' 'A
'brief sketch was given of ''the]eyolutiori
frriusic from' the earliest "days among
/air; nation's.' ' Modern; savage njusic was
considered with examples i taken from
Papuans. Bushmen, Zurii IndlansyWlni
ne^ago Indians and others, .showing
th«ir music Is governed by,-' many of
th§ ; principles, that underlie - modern
Aryan, musfcV-rhythm; scale, melodious
ness, harmony and formal construction.
Examples- were given of bird music,
illustrated by a large chart, . as well as
bythe use' of the ¦piano and voice, in
which are found fidelity to the human
scale,vrhy thm, melodiousness and other
principles and forms , that :; constitute
the basis^ of i modern human .'-. music.
There was shown; evidence of ;esthetlc
"appreciation in otherwa t ys on the part
of birds, 1 as manifested by the constriic-i
tion of nests | and ;by\. dances. - It was
stated that it is difficult to regard these
resemblances as , due ! to coincidence.—
Pittsburg Gazette.
THE . SAN FRANCISCQ^SUNDAY XALL.
Bird Music
UNIQUE N£W CRAFT
. Peary's' Plans
13
THE SCRAP BOOK PAGE7TTIPR0P0S of the se
m vere iiijurieb ieceiv-
VI Jed by Britt in his re
cent contest witli Young
Corbettj Professor De
Mg^; instructor at the
Ol^inpic Club, and one of
the^few; ihen who liaye
developed champioiiship
talent in such gladiators
as Jim Jeffries, Jiminy
Britt, Sam Berger, -etc.,
has written for The
Sunday Call tjie article
herewith, demonstrat
ing how fighters more
often break, their own
bones than have them
broken in the prizering,
and illustrating it with;
pictures of himself and
Harry Chester, light
heavyweight amateur
champion, also of the
Olympic Club. ' This,
therefore; is one of the
most timely and-in
structive articles ever
published on boxing*
that is about the best he can do— his
arm ' is not only, likely to , veer off
toward ; the ; right and ' miss , the spot -
almed-at, but all the weight of his
blow lands upon • the ' Joints ¦ of his fin
gers, thus doubling. them into the palm
of his hand instead of on the knuckles,
:as it 'should land.. The. fingers bend
and give, if they are not broken. "There
cannot ' possibly be that solid; impact
of bone and muscle that comes 'when
the blow - is delivered . properly, with
.the' fingers upward! ? Moreover, and
. what is ? really the -chief consideration
in deciding a^contest, the straight left
arm punch from a crouching 'attitude
becomes ¦ simply a blow -with the arm
only.. There cannot be any. weight be-
;..* Still * another, means J of self-injury i Is'
found in the old style of guarding -with
the '-, forearm • of- either ¦ arm, /.; which is
still Vvery/common, ¦ instead \ of the hew
method -i of receiving ; thej. blow ] in .* the
openfpalm. Severe bruising t if not actt!
Ufir.frfl''tiir a s'> !¦» hnntid to.be r*»npived
crooked his elbow^ a , little more,; and
held his farm well in toward -his side
while swinging. - In this way the , arm
shoots out more nearly straight from
the body- and even If it misses' its ' ob
ject,the arm Is not likely to injury, of
any sort.)
Another , grievous source of injufy.ls
In breaking the bones of ; the -hand
against the elbow of your opponent In
these c; flay-like swings— ln\ body blows
particularly. , '.To • illustrate -r.what ' "¦ I
mean Q look : / at .the picture ; ' entitled
"Breaking hand on. the elbow.'.VThis is
one of ¦ the ; most fpaiiif ul ' injuries 'that
can^ be "experienced. It * is purely acci
dental, but" yetrmaji be avoided If the
swings is delivered^> rightly, ? with 'I the
knuckles ; turned ¦well ; pyer,*i the Telbow
crooked and *, the' arm^ kept iwell Inward,
close to the body. . Then ; it T will land as
sho wn ! In the ¦ companion : pic tu re above,
entitled " "How the] blow ;shoiild} have
landed:?. . .V-.-,
— . - " • ' - ' - - - ' .
fist landed, against the side of "Young
Corbett's" head. Had he observed the
rule that a swing' must be "but a 'very,
slight variation : of a ;( straight-arm
punch; In its delivery, except that, the
elbow is crooked' while the'flst is turned
over, .palms down, he might': have col
lided happily with "Young Corbett's"
JaW.- . ' ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ . ' .';•/-'
'(Pictorially this \ dangerous way of
breaking one's : own bones ' Is shown 'at
the upper left-hand 'corner of the page.
The one ' en ti tied "Breaking .;wris t for
arni on' the back of the- h'ead". shows in
all probability how Brltt broke his arm.
The other entitled .VCorrect way to land
right-hand punch" shows how the' blow
should have reached : - its mark had he
THTT e.w«ifig tendency ef prire
flghters to cultivate new blows,
dangerous looking poses and
characteristic crouches is chiefly
responsible or broken bones and
maimed hands in the ring. In the re
cent battle between Young Corbett and
Jimmy Britt the latter's most Berious
injury was self-inflicted. In Just about
the middle of the contest while swing
ing at Corbett he broke his right arm
between the elbow and the wrist. This
was the second time In bis career that
he had his chances of winning spoiled
by a like injury- The reason for the
"accident" Is plain. It Is his peculiar
crouch.
Britt. like many other boxers of the
rame school, fights from a position that
does not give him the best use of his
hands. The crouch may have all sorts
of advantages as a defensive attitude,
rendering it difficult for an opponent
to reach either head or body with a
damaging blow, but at the same time
it Is almost equally impossible to strike
an effective punch from this attitude.
Not only is the driving power Impaired,
but the aim is bad. The flghter with
a crouch cannot hit as straight and
sure as the one who stands more nearly
erect. The- reasons for this are^ ob
vious to those who Lave studied the
same and ought to be doubly so to
those who take an active part in it.
For instance. In a straight left-hand
- punch one of the simplest but at the
came time most effective blows known
to the prlzerlng, the arm should be
shot out, palm upward, with all the
weight of the body behind It It should
be and when delivered properly is Just
what its name implies, a straight' arm
blow, executed with the elbow turned
slightly inward ' toward the body. In
this way the full Impact of the blow
is given with all the knuckles of a
tightly closed fist. There '.is; no danger
whatever, unless the fingers of the
hand are out of proper, proportion, of
breaking any of the -bones of the fin-,
gers, wrist or forearm. The best fight'
Ing hand is really a small hand, with
short chubby fingers, like Young Cor
bett's, for instance. (The. small picture
on this, page shows the proper, way of
holding the hand and arm in delivering,
a straight left hand punch. Also the
picture of the lower right hand side of
the page showing how the fist should
land against an opponent's face.)
Now it is a physical impossibility, to
strike a correct left-arm punch from
a crouching ' position. In the first
place, the fighter with the crouch uses
his left shoulder - as one of • his main
defenses for his i head and Jaw. ¦ This
necessarily compels him to turn his
arm and hand. over, palm downward.
Therefore, when - he strikes a straight
arm blow, or ¦ rather attempts to— for
In this way if the fight Is at afl vicious.
But of all things the tendency. of al
most every flghter of the day to wear
bandages in the ring Is the causa of
more injured bones and ruined hands
than anything else. It is all so need
less. Not one In a hundred fighters
ever applies the bandages properly, or
perhaps knows any good reason why
he' wears them at all, except on the
much exaggerated theory that they are
absolutely necessary to save the
knuckles. Invariably Instead of doing
good work they work their own Injury.
The reasons for this are plain. To
begin with the bandages are usually
applied in the dressing room, when the
fighter Is comparatively cool before en
tering :th«^ ring. His body is at a nor
mal temperature. ' And I in f his stage
the adhesive rubber tape 'Is wound
•: round ¦ and ' ' round , the _ knuckles, / the
wrist "and even the thumb, and .allowed
;to remain- thus all through the fight.
What happens.:, As soon as the excite
ment of the fight begins,- and the. boxer
becomes overheated, his hands- swell,
and swell &pd swell, until the v ban
dages, Instead, of being a are a
positive 'and dangerous .hindrance. The
bandages * do not stretch one Jot. 1 They
'stick fast f for, Just .the -purpose ; they
were • intended. -If [anything gives It Is
the *¦ bones and knuckles of * the * hand
.' they, were designed ito protect.
To obviate this rdirHculty/ if bandages
must S'~ worrfj ; I , always ; insist that
they, shall be cut through .at' the palm,
after being ; applied 'and before the
gloves are donned for the contest. This
protects the" knuckles fully, while leav
ing ; the r hand ¦ free to expand ; as , much
&s ; it'v will wftfc; the heat.
-¦ The; disregard f of these simple * little
; rules often .works more Injury to fight
ers than all the gruelling their Toppo
r.ent is able to administer., As In
; Britfs /case, self-Injury, is^the^ very '
worst sort. since it often results in In-
'kind It. The flghter uses nothing more
lhah the strength' of 'the arm alone,'
Instead of getting all the '.weight of his
. bodyy behind.. the. -punch, .as he. would
i flo if he fought more nearly, erect. (The
photograph on / this ; page, shows / the
-Wrong "way of striking, with the fingers
flown.)
'Another * and frequent ,¦ source of
broken, bones 'is both the right- and
left hand swing." Not one boxer in fifty
lands either of these blows properly,
and the result is ¦ invariably a j broken
thumb. That used to be one of the
great difficulties with Jeffries. In near
ly all his early fights he dislocated his ",
thumbs, and it was not until he hiad
been tausht how to strike properly
that he escaped injury and at the same
time added Immeasurably to his
punching power.
The fault is that fighters do not
learn, or else they forget, that the
correct swing— correct not merely from
the beauty and skill of the science, but
because under all circumstances it la
the most effective — should not be de-.
livered with ; the arms spreading wide
from the body and landing like flays.
It should not strike against the side
of the hand, in full impact with the
thumb, as so many ; modern v flghter»
land.. In fact the thumb should. never
under any circumstances strike tha
opponent It is not an effective blow,
and self-injury is the Invariable re
sult. . .
(To illustrate more clearly what I
mean, Jook at the , picture entitled
"Breaking the thumb on the Jaw,"
on this page. Now contrast with It
the picture entitled "Correct blow'
with the knuckles.")
The correct way to land a swing of
any sort for. either the head or the body,
with either hand; . in' order; to escape
Injury to yourself \ is to turn the hand
over, palm down, crook the -elbow so
that the first knuckle will strike
fair, and square against the:
spot aimed at, ' and -- the blow
'ilsjJVnot only safe' /but terribly
damaging. And to Ian d this well so -
that it is something more than a mere
blow with the arm only— a swing with
the full weight of the body behind it, ;
as" every blow, should have— keep -the
' arms 'as close to the sides as possible.
If this rule Is ' carried but It \ Is next to
Impossible to strike with the thumb!
It is the violation of this rule that
accounts for so many wild swings in
the * ring. A ¦. flay-like blow gives your
opponent: every,' chance in the world to
duck' under" it; : to ; step J>aek : ' ao that It
whizzes harmlessly .past his nose- or
step in /close ; so that' It passes around
the back of his head. . .
It U more than likely that' this is
how Britt ; fractured > his : right * »rm;
. from a flay-like swing* whereln^'tha
' forearm Instead ; of . the .tightly closed
THE SAN/^FRANGISGO SUNDAY GALU
14
HOW FIGHTERS BREAK THEIR BONES
Fra rik- EamousStories
Ten in All,^Commencing With ithe^ThnlKhg Narmt^
Freight Train;" Will Begin in V
=====^The :^^xWS»n8jB^.(Copyrighted, 1904, by Central News
end Press Exchange.)
*7l yr Y desire is to pass a peaceful
f \/\ and pleasant winter in Brus-
< I sels attending to my work,
JL improving my mind. Brus
sels is a bright and cheerful
town and I think I could suc
ceed if it were not for the
Belgian army. The Belgian army fol
lows me about and worries me. Judg
ing it from my own experience of it,
I chouid say it was a good army. N»-
bewildered, ; but " vsaid nothing , and
were brought' back "to as. they were be
fore. A minute later 'precisely the
same thins occurred.'agraln". I .really
.thought the; sergeant 7 iwould burst. I
,was preparing ?to /hasten: to the .bar
racks for medical - aid. V \x But. the
paroxysm passed... Calling upon <f the
combined; force's heaven; and. 'hell
to sustain" him "in trouble,, he •'. re
quested: his ; squad, . as n\an 'to ' riia*i, * to
inform^ himfbx. the Vjeasbn;- why to all
appearance they- were dispensing with
his and drilling, themselves.
At" this 7 : moment^ ¦ Columbus",. barked
again .and '¦ the .-.explanation: came to
himi / "Please go away, sir," he re
quested me. "How-can I exercise my
men with that damdog/ of yours in
terfering every five minutes." It was
not only on that occasion. It/ hap
pened at other times. The dog
sefemed to understand .and take . a
pleasure in it. Sometimes meeting a
soldier walking, with his sweetheart,
Columbus, hidden /, behind my legs,
would bark suddenly. v Immediately
the man would. let go the girl and pro
ceed involuntarily to perform military
tricks./ The War Office authorities ac
cused me of having. trained the | dog.
I had not trained him.' That was ; hla :
natural voice. , I ¦• suggested "to the War »
Office authorities ri.ttiat^/ instead of
'quarreling. with" riiy dog for^talking his
own language they- should Itrain their
sergeants to ; use English/; >They^ would \
not see It. TCJnpleasanthess" was In the
air, ahd, ; living where;l£did ;at the
time, I ) thought it ; better^to \ part with
Columbus. I could see what, the War,
Office -was driving ¦ at, : and ; I did \ not
desire that responsibility for the in-^
efficiency • of : the British \ army should 1
be laid at my doon'. / /; / -
Some twenty years ; ago .. were
in : London, vpasslng\thrbugh;< a? riotous
period, and call was made^to law abid
ing citizens to enroll themselves as spe
cial-constables. iVwasTybungiand' the
.hope < of .trouble; appealed v to? me m«re
than it 1 - does .now. /In company "with'
but this drum. It is riot even a real
drum — not what I call a drum. It's a
little boy's' drum— the sort of thing
' I used to play with myself, at one
time, until people took it away from
me and threatened that if they heard
it once again that day they would
break it over my own head. It's cow
ardly Koing about the street playing
a drum of this sort where' there Is
nobody to stop you. The man would
not dare to do it if his mother was
about. , He does not even play it. He
walks along tappins it with a little
stick. . There's no tune, there's no
sense in it. He doesn't even keep
time. I used to think at first, hear
ing it in the distance, that it was some
young gamin who ought- to be at
school, or making himself .useful tak
ing the baby out In the perambulator;
and I used to draw back into door
ways, determined, as he came by, to
pull, his ear for him. To my aston
ishment — for the first week — I found
it was the Belgian army, getting Itself
accustomed, I suppose, to the horrors
of war. It Is making of me a "peace
at any price" man. They tell me that
these armies are necessary to pre
serve the peace of Europe. For my
self, I should be willing to run the
risk of an occasional row. Can't some
one tell them that they are out of
date— with their of feathers arid
their odds \ and * ends ' of ¦ ironmongery
— grown men that have to be sent out
for a walk accompanied by • a tin
whistle and a drum out of a toy shop!
I, always think of them In connection
with the White Knight out of "All-'?,
in - Wonderland.". I take it \ that j for/
practical', purposesr-to' fight for.- your
country or ' to . fljrht - for, somebody
else's country, whichV is" generally,
speaking, more popular— the thing nee-'
essary - is that a certain .proportion of
your ¦ people < should- be - able to shoot '
straight with a gun. How standing in
a line and turning your toes but Is go-
ing to assist you under modern condi
tions of warfare is one of the many
things my intellect, is incapable of
grasping. In . .. medieval .days. -. when
men fought hand to hand, there must
have been advantage in combined and
precise movement. When armies were
mere iron machines the simple en
deavor of each being to push the
other off the earth, then* the striking
simultaneously with a thousand arms
was cart of the game.' Now) when we
shoot from behind cover, with smoke
less powder, brain, not brute force, in
dividual sense, not combined solidity,
is surely, the result to be aimed at.
Cannot somebody, as I have suggested,
explain to, the military man that the
proper place for the drill sergeant
nowadays is under I a glass case* in
some museum of antiquities?
I lived once, near the Hyde Park
Barracks and saw, much of the drill
sergeant's method. , Generally speak
ing, he is. a fat man/with a walk' of
an egotistical plgeon/i His voice is one
of the most extraordinary' things / In
nature. If you can distinguish it from
the bark of a dog you are clever. They
tell me that the privates after a little
. practice > can—^which -^ gives... one :„, , a
higher, opinion-; of ,their^ intelligence
than otherwise" one rnight form. But
myself,' I 'doubt even .'this statement.
I was 'the ' owner of * a : fine re trlever
'dog about '.the time of which ' V --I~ am
speaking, and sometimes he ; and ''. I
would > amuse ourselves by
Mr. exercising his squad.
Onembrning he 'had 1 been; shouting
out the'?< usual v -VWhougli^ ¦ Whough,
Whough!"' for about ten; minutes; and
all- had hitherto gone well. '•¦•- Suddenly
and, evidently to his^intense.iastonish
ment ': the : ; squad : -turned Jthelr I backs '
,upon;hlm and commenced to /walk
toward the. Serpentine,
the ¦ sergeant ¦ the '¦ instant i his < amazed "
Indignation'.- permitted < him \ to, speak.
The squad halted, j "Who the thunder,
andithe" blazes*arid ibther'thlngsAtbld ;
you to do that?" The squad looked
¦flve'or six hundred of more or less re-
citizens, I found myself one
i Sunday/* morning in the drillyard of
the 'Albany Barracks. It was the opin
ion/of the that we could
guard our homes. and protect our wives
and ¦¦.children'^better if, first of alL we
learned ? to roll our "eyes right or left"
at the given word of command, and to
walk 'with our thumbs stuck out. Ac
cordingly a drill sergeant was appoint
ed' to instruct us on these points. He
came out of the canteen wiping his
mouth ' and flicking his leg , according
ta rule with the regulation cane. But
as , he approached us his expression
changed. We were stout, pompous
looking gentlemen, the majority of us,
in frock coats and silk hats. The ser
geant was a man with a sense of the
fitness of things. The Idea of shout
ing and swearing at us fell from him,
; and :,that gone there seemed no; happy
/medium left to him. The stiffness de
parted from his back. /He met us with
a 'deferential attitude and spoke to us
in the language of social Intercourse.
. "Good morning, gentlemen," said the
sergeant. y,'Good morning," we replied,
, arid ; there was (a; paused /The • sergeant
fidgeted upon'^his '; feet^f We * waited.
'•'Well;'- now,-; gentlemen,'^, said the ser
\geant^iwlth • "'a '< pleasant ? smile, "what
. do^you : say f to \ falling In ?" We agreed
to fall In. He showed us howLto do it.
He cast a critical* eye'. along the back
of the rear line. * "A little rarther for
ward, "number three, If j you don't ' mind.
'sir,-' he suggested. Number 1 three, who"
was • a* stout gentleman,- stepped for- '•
ward.. •- The sergeant^castf.his critical
eyel along the front_ of the 'first line.
"A little : farther baclcj If don't
mind, sir," he suggested, addressing the
third gentleman f rom;the"end. ."Can't,"
explained Ithe" third > gentleman ; : '.'much
as I can do to keepiwhere I. am." The 1
.sergeant cast, his critical eye -between
the lines. , "Ah," said | the . sergeant, "a
little full chested some of us." We will
make the distance f another, foot,' if you
please, | gentlemen."* In ; pleasant man
'¦ ner •' like -1 to / this th e drill •¦ proceeded.
• • ' •
poleon laid It down as an axiom that
your enemy never ought to be per
mitted to get awav from you— never
nought to be allowed to feel, even for a
moment, that he has -shaken you off.
What tactics the Belgian army might
adopt under other conditions I am, of
course, unable to say,' but, against me
personally, this is the plan of cam
paign it has determined upon and car
ried out with a success that is as
tonishing even to myself. I find It ut
terly impossible to escape from the
Belgian army. I choose the quietest
and most unlikely streets. I choose all
hours— early in the morning, in the aft
ernoon, late in the evening. There are
moments of wild exultation vhen I
Imagine I have given It the slip. I
can't see It anywhere, I can't hear it.
"Now," I say to myself, "now, for five
minutes' quiet and peace." I have been
doing It an injustice. It has been work-
Ing round me, that Is all. Approaching
the next corner I hear the tattoo of Its
drum. Before I have gone "another
quarter of a mile it is In full pursuit
of. me. I Jump on a train. I travel
for miles. Then, thinking I have shaken
It off, I alight and proceed upon my
walk. Five minutes later, another de
tachment is upon my heels. I creep
home, the Belgian army pursuing me
with its exultant tattoo. I creep up
into my room and close the door; the
victorious Belgian army marches back
to barracks. It is too good for me. I
confess it. My insular pride has van
ished. '¦'¦''-
If it would only follow me with a
band! I liLe a, band. . I can loaf
against a post, listening to a band with
any one. I sLould not mind it so
much if it came after me with a band.
&ut the Belgian army apparently
"o sn't run a band. It has nothing
"Now, then, fwatlemen, insJl w« try
a little walk? Quick march.! Thank
you, gentlemen. Sorry to trouble you,
but it may. be necessary to run—for
ward, I mean, of course^ Bo if you
really do not mind we win now do the
double quick. Halt! And If next time
you can keep a little more In line. It
has a more Imposing appearance. If
you understand me. The breathing
comes with practice."
If the thing must be done at aH, why.
should It not be done In this -way?
ON DRILLING A MODERN ARMY
- "I think i Coleridge was my favorite
author then; and tales of travel al
ways interested' me. ... .,.,.-.
villainous cigar again. .;' "I made up
my mind to'get^out of railroading."
--'¦ "To/ let-off 'steam?" fNo attention
"M*yes ;.- In \ the ; provinces.? Very . few
people "know' what that means. . In the
course of my adventures I came In 'com-
"When about 15 r It . was necessary
for me to get some employment, and
un old .friend in*-' the! Northwestern
Railway 7 found me a situation as a
c^rk." Jerome was almost funereal- in
his solemnity by this time.* :* "It 'was
at Euston station. I kept this posi
tion three years, and then could not
stand it any longer. The routine was
simply killing." Another pause; the
paid' to interruption. . jW '/:/.¦' . i
"I wanted to. go-on thV stage." ¦
We sat" fully -a , minute '¦* the
author/spoke again." Then he resumed
his narrative,' as authors say. *N:\
"After ? some maneuvering*!; got ¦ an
engagement. I was then about 18, and
I began <the life of a traveling actor in
the English provinces." "
"An actor?"- .-
tact with the kind of manager who ab
sconds, and leaves his troupe without
funds and I/had a great. many other
experiences. which were more interest
ing to ' read about than to participate
In. y- H| »;; /
"I kept on acting for -about two
years. Then I began to write a little.
My first effort was a story [called 'The
Prince's Quest.* It was published In a
for publication. It seems j as if un
consciously, he realizes; that; his brains
are his bank and he hates to give
away. his capital. He": faces the inter
viewer Jas; he ; might' face a necessary
operation. He is considerate, will an
swer Questions In an affable manner,
. but he ' won't *. volunteer much. ¦ His
manner is solemn; .he never gets away
.from the serious side of the question.
"America r.frould like to know more
of you personany.HMr.. Jerome,' some-
.qf^.yourijarlv career. It
has^eeri quite varied," has it not?"
;>*«• -Each'^man 4n" his time plays many
parts,'.. and rethink, I: have played my
share." .'/ ".,-,':. *-.
"You were bbrrf— " \ ,
'"Yes; in the' coal district of Walsall.
My father, was an independent minis
ter. He owned prpperty In coal mines;
but at an early age. through the flood
ing of the, mines, I wag thrown more
or less on nv own'. resources."
"Pretty rough.". We were Just hav
ing: a cuiet little chat.
"Yes." A- few puffs at a' most vil
lainous cigar. ., • '.
"And, 'your early .education?"-.
"The first elements of ray education
were obtained at a philological
school." A pause. More puffs at that
awful cigar. Jerome seemed to « be
thinking he • never could . have got
along itr the. world if it had not been
for that philological school.
¦ "When about eight years old I went
to s a.- middle class school in London."
(Pause.) "I was particularly fond of
mathematics."
"Of mathematics?"
"Y-c-s, mathematics."
"And your literary tastes?"
actor, a newspaper man,,a Journalist
(note the difference), an editor, a play
wright, and an actor-manager, quite
an experience to crc/wd into a single
life and yet meet success. . A Jack of
all trades and a master of one. This
sums up Jerome.
But with all his humor, a close ob
server can note a tince of bitterness
in this square-Jawed man, a little
worldliness in his conversation. 'It is
difficult for him to refrain from saying
bright things, but one ; cannot but
think he tries his best when he talks
TJY W. B. NORTHROP.
<Ep«r;la! photographi eopjTTirfct. 1903. tor C«n
ifal Newt end Pr»8« Excbaare; entered
at Stationer* ¦ Hall, London.)
WHILE it may be apart from
the aubject in hand, It may be
well to issue a warning to
traveling Americans who In
tend while in England visiting the homes
cf English authors, particularly that
of Jerome K. Jerome. Don't mistake
Wantage for Welllngford; walk up the
long «<lrlveway and ask if Mr. Jerome
lives there. The houses of the two men,
Mr. Jerome and Richard Croker, are
only a mile or less apart, and a mile in
England, as e\-ery one knows. Is the
veriest detail, especially in the country
districts. The writer made this mis
take, and it proved rather disastrous.
During the time wasted, Mr. Jerome
had taken his favorite hunter, and was
"going it" over a few fences and hedges
when a call was made at his house,
and so another appointment had to be
made. Jerome is a very punctual man.
Incidentally Americans should know
(in order to avoid all possible blunders)
that Jerome K. Jerome is pronounced
Jer-'um K. Jerome, the first syllable
being accentuated; at least so I was in
formed. His friends call him Jer-'um—
sometirrfes indeed "Jerry," his ac
quaintances, Mr. Jerome. The Jeromes
are spelled alike, but pronounced dif
ferently—a little way the English have.
It Ehoulfl not be from this,
however, that Mr. Jerome is of the
genus pompous. He is simplicity itself.
Jerome has had a hard life. When
one considers what he has passed
through it Is difficult to realize how
there remains within him' enough na
tive humor to have turned out such
a work as "Three Men in a Boat" and
other tales l bf laughter. The musings
in "Idle Thoughts of an Idle Fellow"
strike us as Jerome-like only where
they touch us with a tinge of pathos,
when they graze the high spots. 1 The
light butterfly humor seems a strange
plant to. have, sprung from the^seed r of
hardship and want. Not that r Jerome
has 'passed through. the "log cabin -XV
the Presidency" 1 lane; but' he has "had
his troubles," njone the less/ His echoo-1
has been hard— for a humorist. There
is more Vmeat" between the lines in
"On the Stage and. Off" than' there is
in print. The unwritten tells 'a strik
ing story of privation and Buffering, a
hard battle with harder times, a sting
ing Indictment of the theat
rical man, a plain recital of the wrongs
to which the unfortunate actor of Eng
land Is heir.
Jerome* is 41 years* old. In turn he
has been a clerk, a Schoolmaster, an
Roman Catholic paper. It amounted to
nothlny."- -. -fr i ./_ . >'
: Jerome \ spoke In a low, . mumbllnjt
manner. *t His eyelids nearly met. A
short-sighted man might have thought
. he'.was 'asleep.
"What did you do after that?"
. .''I ' began writing • letters to newspa
pers .. such as I the Times ¦, on various
topics .of' theday.. I;remember the
Times referred editorially to one of my
letters. [ \ I • was . immensely proud of
that." ¦•:':, .j ¦- .'¦ •»
"Trouble in the Balkans?"
"No. I had written a satirical letter
on the Nude in Art in which I sug
gested that the Almighty had displayed
J great indelicacy in creating the. human
form. The letter was commented upon
at some length.
"It then occurred, to me to write
about ray stage experiences. An old
actor criticized the work for me."
. "An actor?"
"Yes." ' He did not volunteer the
name. "The work appeared weekly In
a paper. I cannot say I made much
out of that book."
"And vour next attempt?"/
" 'The Idle Thoughts of an Idle Pel
low.' This was a success. In the mean
time I had been doing; a good deal of
journalisticwork In London. ,1 report
ed Inquests, flres— everything."
"On 'siiec?' "
"Yes,;". The Items were manifolded
and sent around to the various news
papers. ..Those that used them paid me
three cents a line. It was "'hard lines*
very of ten". - My /weekly stipend did not
run into anything colossal. However,
I -managed to -get along somehow." A
glint In his eye told the listener that
despite his , present comfortable sur
roundmgs, 1 Jerome remembered In de
tail '.: jilst . how .'•> he "managed to get
along." ' . : ' *¦
"One day," he said, "I ' walked Into
the 'Sunday Times office and asked If
they wanted a dramatic critic. I had
had a good deal of experience on tha
stage. I was appointed critic and
wrote dramatic matter for that and
other papers."
"And "Three Men In a Boat.' •*
¦ "That story first appeared In Horns
Chimes. , It had a big success."
Grasping a breathing apace to
change the subject, Mr. Jerome began
to talk about - his horses and all ef
forts to get him to talk more about
himself met with failure. Jerome Is
anything but an egotist. • s v.
Jerome shuts himself up ; In a study
every morning and dictates to a short
hand stenographer. You might think
that this manner of working would In
sure a large volume of matter from his
pen, but he assured me his output dally
was very small.
THE 5 AN FRANCISCO ; SUNDAY CALC.
15
JEROME K. JEROME AT HOME,/•¦>¦ illLDREX! CHILDREN! A CHILDKEXf THIS WILL NEVER DO IX AIX THE WORLD. IX TUB
I ./-.TRIPLE: CONTEST OX j MARCH 27 ONLY FIFTY- FI VE CHILDREN SOLVED THE PUZZLES COR
| WO'rECTLY. NOW. WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT? INSTEAD .OF, ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY
. WERE ONLY .FIFTY-FIVE. ! TIIE PUZZLE EDITOR IS GRIEVOUSLY DISAPPOINTED.
v •" Those puzzles were really eass'. You : all know about the things you see on a dining-room table. Yon'
all know about things good to cat. You ull know, or at least most of you do, about things seen In a sawmill.
Therefore wherefore only flfty-flvc correct answers? 'It i«^really inexplicable. You must do better.
¦ % .No\v to-day <tlie Puzzle -Editor 'lias provided - you ; with something' much the same as another test ol
your cleverness and shrewdness, only this is i a I: double instead of '¦' a triple contest. course^you all know
about things to wear on your feet; shoes, rubbers, slippers, etc. : Well,' pictures 1, 2, 3 .--¦* 4'.represent dif
ferent articles of foqjwear. -And equally" of course, you all know about money, American money.* 'Well,
.pictures 5,' 6," 7 and 8 represent pieces. o| American money: nickels, pennies,"' quarters, etc.,. etc
And ''listen. Watch for, new prizes next week. ' And don't forget the '•? Gallery of.Honor.'* •
1 PLEASE DON'T. SEND IN AXY TINTYPE PICTURES OR PROOFS' THAT^'ARE UNTOXED— which
means thnt they will. fade as soon as they 'are exposed to the sun,' and don't < forget to write . your name and'
address on tliejback^ of each* and every pliotogiujih. And by *;all means be sure that you are '•> prize win
ner .-before; you send in anjv picture at all. : , . ¦.,;'; '"' • ' • : • :
And remember this:; |You win all have a 1 chance' not only to win one of those 150 prizes, bnt sjei
your picture published^as ;' well.'. -The Puzzle^ Editor '.wants all s "thp prize winners » to send In their pictures
. —the. whole 150\cvcry week * If ' possible. U Begin -,'riclit " now. Don't wait. • The-.' more ' the merrier. . There
cah'l be too "many. ; But ' remember, only the prize winners can Imve their pictures published. •
\ THERE ARE I ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY PRIZES, and this Is wtiut you must do to win one of
them:', -¦¦¦¦•. "; . - ' ¦¦' •¦'•-'-. r ¦¦'-¦:', y- : - - ; ;: : •...-;?•- '¦¦-'' ".- *.v - - ; ' : - : * ¦•¦„¦." c ' ' " c '• : ¦¦• •" '"'*"¦"
1 Find tlie names of Four Different Articles of Footwear as shown in pictures 1, 2, 3 nnd s, and Four
Pieces "of 'Aniericaii i Money 'as; shown &i pictures': 51.0,;' 7 and 8 orTthls pnge and write them out in the space
opposite the corresponding * number provided for the purpose. In the"* coupon on* this ¦¦ page, as .per . dl«
rcctioh'g; .fill^,in /tliVf«mp<m"vwith iyoW'namc'and*ii^drcss'and''ttie prize you desire-^if you wln-—and send tho
; <»upon to the EDITOR OF THE NAME PUZZLE PAqE,; Sunday^.Call, 8an : Francisco, "Cal.. • w. ;
• ' • REMEMBEHr-To <tho^I'IRST ONE HUNDRED AND FIFTY/BOYS -AND GIRLS who solve the twetr*
Name PuzzleSi correctly, Vone of- these ONE;HUNDRED AND, FIFTY BEAUTIFUL: PRIZES will be awarded.
* i' '.'¦ And fdon't" f ornet this .next point,' because , it is very, important: ,-AlD ; ANSWERS >, , MUST T : REACH
THIS j OFFICE ,• B Y^FRIDAY v;NOON. v r This (fives j all I those *, in ? the ; country \nn 2 equal '¦ chance to compete.
Read, everything /on iithisCpasfe*:- to ~:be: sure ?that, youVoverlbokinothing.'that will^help you to win a prize. ;.
•'THE {NAMESiOF:THE;LUCKY WINNERS-; WILL; BE PUBLI^HED^IN SUNDAY, CALL* TWO
WEEKS FROM -TO-PAY^ BtoyiLj ¦; ;'¦• V A : . ¦ .:'."..V-? / :]i .'' '['^' •-*-;•;*' :;'-¦••-.;, • * -"._.'-, .
These n're the TWENTY BEAUTTUL BOOKS from which you may choose If you solve. all the pua
rles 'correctly;, '•/•"''f' <-T-' ' " ' ; ' '"'" ] ' r: ' /^ ¦¦' ¦< * 'V-'- 0 - .' '¦ ,' .- ¦*¦.+. : u : .: ,.«-, . ••»... ; ... .
The' BlithedaleRomance, ] by, /Hawthorne;! Christie's Old Organ,;.* by; Walton; .Evanffellne, by Longf elf
low: The Fairy Land * pf Science, , by Buckley ; i" Greek* Heroes, a by .[ Klngsley ; The Song of Hiawatha, by Long
fellow ; * Kidnaped; by -j Stevenson ; LucJle, I by ' Meredith ; Mine ? Own ? People, > by Kipling : Mosses From an Old
Manse, by Hawthorne: Dog of Flanders, by Onida; i Paradise] Regained,* by Milton: -The; Phantom" Rickshaw,
by Kipling ;'. Phitarch's ' W vea ; • Prue ? and - 1;"* by Curtis ;i Tanglcwobd ' Tales, by I Hawthorne ; 'Ten • Nights in a
Barroom, by > Arthur:' Through the Looking Glass, by ¦ Carroll | The Water Babies, by • Klngsley ; Window -
In Thrums, v by "'Barrle. ¦ - ¦-¦>•¦> •¦. y ¦.¦¦' : -^ r;-- . ¦ .:--/ : v ;\ ,¦ >; : ; L '".'. .-. ¦¦-¦:. ;¦:. > i - t ..¦ i .. .. : . , ;;. .
DOUBLE CONTEST TO-DAY
- Since the day when the lake had told
her that she was beautiful Charlotella
had wished to express her gladness la
every possible way. She was no longer
unkind to those about her. She no
longer felt indifferent to the beauty of
the sky and of the fields, but said to
herself again and again:
"Oh, if I had only known, If they had
only told me that I was pretty, I should
leng ago have tried not to be disagree
able." :
So Charlotella went dally from her
father's royal tent on -the battlefield
and cared for his wounded soldiers. She
bound up their wounds with soft, cool
linen and ointment of roses. Then the
people began to wonder greatly; and as
her contented mind began to show upon
her features the creases In her brow
were smoothed out and Charlotella's
ugliness was no longer so apparent.
Meantime. Fioryset In her
chamber in the tower and refused to
come * forth, except for a little while
each day, when . she walked daintily
about in the palace garden, attended by
her maids of honor. Much of the time
she spent lying idly upon her couch of
rose colored silk, gazing into her small
mirror of polished metal. She would
have liked much to visit again the won
derful lake which had shown her so
entrancing a photograph of her charm
ing self, but she was fearful of behold
ing, the ugly, sights that awaited her
In the fields that led to the lake. -
"Ah, dear," she said to her little maid
In waiting, as the latter stood beside
her wielding a great fan of long, white,
silky ostrich feathers, .while at the foot
' of her couch her little page sang softly
and sweetly to the tinkling melody of
his guitar. : "Ah. dear, I am so i sorry
Ifor papa's poor soldiers. It must hurt
dreadfully, to have a sharp lance thrust
Into one's flesh. Ugh! Sing to me again
about the spring and tha birth of the
flowers, that I may for&et the dreadful
: things outside the palace walls."
Many, years later,' and 'long after tha
: Princesses had grown old and had died,
people In the kingdom, and In far dis
tant countries, too, told .wonderful tales
o£ Saint Charlotella, who they said was
once ths most beautiful Princess In th»
...world. , WSSB
After this there were dreadful days
for the kingdom, when their brave sol
diers were wounded and killed, and the
field, that lay so green and smiling
beneath the casement of the Princesses,
was torn up and spotted with ugly
red pools of the blood of brave men.
Then it was that even the noblest ladles
went "forth to care for their wounded
soldiers on the battlefield, led by the
King's daughter. Charlotella.
the Princesses could Bee far, far across
the fields and beyond the lake a Ions
line of knights in black armor, who rod a
forward to meet the Kins in battle.
Neither Fioryset nor Charlotella slept
at .all well that night. Early the next
morning the young Princesses were
awakened by a great shouting below in
the -court yard. They arose hastily and,
donning their r'lkcn morning • robes,
leaned out of the high casement to see
what wes causing such an uproar:
There they beheld the King,! their
father, clad in full armor, calling
loudly to his soldiers, who filled the
court yard.
Soon the iron gates of the palace
swung wide apart, and the King, fol
lowed, by his retainers, clad in metal
coats of mail and wearing shields and
lances, rode forth Into the fields bsyond.
Here he was met by ffreat companies of
his own r-oldlers, waving aloft banners
< .saarist «a4 blue • ouJ c- id. - Boon.
She turned to Florynet and caught
her by. the hand. "Come," she said;
"come, sister; we shall 1 a late. They
will miss us and R<;nd after us; let us
go back to the palace at once."
With hands tightly clasped and their
hearts beating in time with their foot
steps, the two Princesses hastened back
to the palace garden. The gates were
luckily still open and their flight had
been undiscovered. So they betook
themselves to their tower chamber, and
there they eat and talked and talked of
the images In the wonderful lake, which
they both believed to be real.
What of sister Charlotella, who stood
beside her and watched the image of
her own form and features reflected by
the' untruthful lake? Remember that
the magic power of the water enabled
even the wicked old witch to seem
comely. .
You must lenow, therefore, that Char
lotella was gratified to bahold a charm
ing, sweet-faced maiden where she had
thought to sec a familiar ugly self. Her
hands had become small and shapely;
her fept peeped out like dainty butter
flies vrlth solden wings. Her nose was
straight: her eyes had grown large and
clear; her large and hitherto prominent
ears now lay close to her well-shaped
head and in eize were In keeping with
the rent of her pretty features.
Her girlish gown, with its emerald
girdle, set off most charmingly the soft
brown tints in her curling hair.
Charlotella gazed and gazed and
gazed. At last ehe spoke. "Oh!" she
sighed. Boftly, "I never dreamed I was
so beautiful." Charlotella's face was
pile and not at all like her rosy re
flection in the water as she said faintly:
"And I am— I am really pretty, after
all. Why didn't they tell me so? Oh.
why did no one say so before?**
No wonder then that Fioryset stood
with her small hands tightly clasped be
fore her, appalled and unable to utter a
word at eight of her own transcendent
loveliness. • •
Floryset, whose courage was greater
for the moment than that of her sister,
was the first to peer at her dazzling: re
flection in the shining lake. So wonder
ful was the vision that met her aston
ished gaze It seemed as though her
beauty's very radiance must melt the
fleecy blue of her partnent Into mist.
The glory of .a hundred sunsets seemed
to rest ui>on her hair. The luster of a
hundred lakes seemed reflected in her
eyes. The delicate blush of a garden
of ropes seemed to lie upon her soft
cheek, and the tint of myriad scarlet
poppies seemed to have lent bright
color to ,-the bud of her dainty lips.
Bhe had greater beauty than the sun,
moon and all the Fhinlngr stars. She
had greater beauty than th*t of all the
seasons of all the years. She had great
er beauty than that of all ths flowers
la all the fields and greater beauty than
that of all the Princesses in all the
worlds.
£ / *T"'\ EAl'TY Is as beauty does."
T/ There were once two Pdn-
J*\ ctsses who were not only
[£¦ J ugrly but hateful to every
body «>lse, until a witch came
one day to take them on a secret Jour
ney to th* •"Untruthful Lake," when, lo!
th» transformation was wonderfuL
The Usitrtathftil
Lake
gELOW are n«vcn th? names of
the lucky children vho
rolved the puzslfs-N'anus In ths
Three Puzzle Contest — In the
contert of Anil 3:
Beatrice Miner. 1516 Sherman
rtreet. .Aiatneda; May Taylor. 85 S Cas
tro rtroct. Oakland; Katie Taylor. So*
Castro strret, Oakland: Olj?a O'Brien,
313 Eleventh street. Oakland; Gladys
O'Brien. 31 S Eleventh street. Oak
land; Fred Lafferty. Santa Rosa;
Charles Oxen. 3 Guerr?ro streot, San
Francisco; Miriam Levy. 247 Scott
street. San Francisco; Lcrins Rhodes,
San Jose; Alice Kleupfcr, Elmhurst;
G. Thompson, Stockton; Edith Van
dre. Vallejo; A. de In Roza. Gibbs;
Tito Corcoran. Gibbs; Addie Gibbs.
Gibbs; Nick Ki*ily. Vallejo; Frank
Kelly, Vallejo; Kdvard Alden. 161€
lieyes street, San Francisco: Francis
Richardson. 49 Boyd street. San Fran
cisco; Joe Richardson. 49 Boyd street,
San Francisco: L.<eta Babcock. Sacra
mento; Will Hyde. Santa Rosa; Wal
ter Henderson. Newark; Grace Wolf,
Annette; Nicholas Casovia. 1520 Sev
enth street. Oakland; Harry Med
land. San Jose; Annie Asher, 524 Post
street. San Francisco; Willie Asher.
624 Post street, San Francisco; Harry
Asher. 524 Post street. San Francisco;
Wilber Gre<ui. Vallejo: Verna Worth-
Ington, Tunlumne; Willie Fuller. Ar
new; Jessie Smith. Gibbs; Leola
Crane, Sacramento; Sardis Templeton.
Sacramento; Harold Campbell, Santa
Cruz; Eva Ercunbrack. Watsonviile:
Eleanor Brown, San Rafael; Louis?
Temploton. Sacramento; E. Murray.
Sap Rafael; Joseph Francis, San Ra
fael; Edwina Pratt, Gibbs; Theodore
Flnkbohnor. Stockton; Bessie Jlilling'
ton, Yorkville; Lillian Seymour, Santa
Rosa; Madffe Hian. Yorkville; Paul
Dunckhorst. Sacramento; Louis Mur
ray. Ross; Mary o'Boyle, Kern: Lldyd
Locke, Sacramento; James Dunn, Ba
kersfleld; Mazie Dunn. Bakersfield;
Carrie Greene, VaMejo; Eleanor Coll.
27 Fell street. San Francisco; Beat
rice Swan. 1927 West street, Oakland-
THESE ARE
THE PRIZE
WINNERS
OF APRIL 3.
THE ; SAN- HRANGISGOj- ¦ SUNDAY ' -GALL.
16
NAME PUZZLES
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
the Puzzle Editor,
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puxzle Editor, Sunday CalL
San Francisco:
Below hi their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
Four Different .Kinds of Foot-
wear and Four Pieces of Amerl-
can Money represented in this
week's Name Puzzles:
9 " „•« * -•••••••-•-•••••••
4 »•«•••«•••«•»..••«»•«•••»«•
8 ••-•••-••••••••••••-•«••«»••••
8 U .....——.-
April 17, 1904.
Kame .....-».-.
Street or P. O.....
Cltj *••••••••••••»««•••*•«•••
State »'»i »wV»«i»«i,^»t» hm«
IT I win I choose for prtz*
•4 ;, ¦
foCO XjUI OX * irXJIiCBUySAN FRANCISCO/: -SUNDAY^- APRIL: {17^:1004;
New Ball . Game Introduced.
PARIS, April lS.-rTht, introducerof a
new game; . like .the r. inventor ,'of .: a .new
sauce,^ may* be considered ; a { benefactor
'¦- to , his species. ;/ Whether this ; qualiflca^
tion, 1 applies "to/; "members ,- of * a club
' founded for the purpose of popularizing
\he game^f - kamis": ball :.time7aione \wlll
show. /The ganAeiisV rnuch;practiced in
AJelcium and \ we' nyrth of France. \
to enliven him on his journey. For
many years Mr. Astor'e regular cabman
excited the jealousy of his comrades
by the smartness of his attire and his
excellently equipped cab. That Jehu
is now a flourishing publican ; in Jo
hannesburg, and he attributes no small
share- of his success to his .association
with Astor, who assisted him .to buy
his own horse and cab. , Having saved
some money he was advised by his ben-
efactor to shake the 'dust of the Lon
don streets from 'hisi heels and try his
luck in South Africa. Mr. Astor can
not bear a crawling cab, and since the
disappearance of his favorite man and
h\rse he "almost Invariably employs a
motor. When he has occasion to cab
it he • docs not pick - up . one indiscrim
inately., He . casts his ; eye over - the
horses as they pass - and he usually
nicks up the fastest. ... : . . • '•
RELIC OF THE CELEBRATED ENGLISH POET.
LONDON. April 16.— One of the char
itable institutions In which Waldorf
Astor takes most interest is the Lon
don Cabmen's Benevolent Society. Ex
cept those Immediately concerned in
the management of the society, and Mr.
Astor himself, no one knows the
amount of substantial help he renders
It. H< is not only a generous sub
scriber himself, but he enlists the sup
port and sympathy of his friends on
behalf of the cabby. He is never asked
to help a man fajlen on evil times with
out a respectable donation coming
along. He subscribes to their concerts
and annual dfnners. Whenever he en-
Joys the luxury of a hansom, the cab
by is Siven a double fare and a cigar
Former American Is Generous
and the Jehus Are
Fond of Him.
LONDON CABBIES
HAVE FRIEND IN
WALDORF ASTOR
London Surgeon flakes , Careful In
vestigation With Important
Results.
LONDON, April 16.— Writing to the
Lancet, Dr.VR. C. Lucas adds a new
count to - the indictment against the
corset-rnamely, that under certain cir
cumstances it may* be responsible for
cancer. . -
1 Three cases have come under the doc
tor's notice in which cancer in women
started at a point where the edge
of the corset crossed the edge of the
big muscle of the chest.' In describing
two. of them, he says: ¦
"It occurred on the right side in rach
case and in women whose occupation
led them to undue use of the right arm,"
and in consequence,^ to excessive fric
tion cf the upper edges of the corset.
Friction. of the ~ corset /at this, spot is,
therefore,/ the cause of the -cancerous
process' developing; in this situation^
and, to express the = fact, I • have given
it the name of corset cancer."
CORSETS MAY BE THE
CAUSE OF CANCERS
JIAXUSCRIPTS ARE ; FORGED.
It 'was " Edward , Malona, who exDOsed
few days\ previously, he had cleared
out a whole closet: full of them and
burned them to make room for j some
partridges. £He had seen the, name of
Shakespeare upon some of the papers
and'his wife had said at the time that
she did no-t think he ought to have
burned them. But they were gone be
yond, recall, and the searcher had to
confine his quest to the lesser relics
of the great bard. On a later date he
went to see Mr. Taylor, who had
Shakespeare's chair.
S The Western Herald; in 1862,'in an ar
ticle upon Shakespearean relics, men
tions the chair as an "antique relic
\vhich originally belonged to the un
fortunate and last Abbot of Glaston
bury^ Richard Whiting, a man of great
learn ing and courage who, resisting the
order cjf Henry VIII to deliverjup the
property of the monastery, was charged
with embezzling some of the plate, and
by the King was sentenced' to.be hang
ed _ in 1539. ..The chair, .which is an old
Glastonbury one, subsequently . became
the property : in 1597, of - our immortal
baud, Shakespeare.'' and was ' afterward
purchased ' . at . , Stratford-on-Avon .-" by
Mr. } S. ' Ireland, who was ' a . most re
spectable and honorable' man, a col
lector,'of, rare MSS. and ."other;. works
of /art,* arid/ he ••': used 'to exhibit/this
chair."/ S6 ; repeatedly was Mr. Ireland's
shop^visited by the curious to inspect
this valuable* relic that young Ireland's
cupidity Iwas awakened ' and he admits
that /the thought;of. forging the MSS.
was suggested by, the idea that a large
sum would - be realized by , the_ produc
tion, of some additions to Shakespeare's
existing. works." -
\ on; the -.death i of ? Shakespeare ", i n J616
the i, house* and * Its i contents continued
in' the : possessiori iTof his _~\>if e^who :died
in 1623," andthen' it became.the property
of : their ¦ favorite /daughter, t Susannah
Hall, the wife of John Hall, a'physician
„ There is no doubt that the .modern
craze for the collection of antique fur
niture had something to-do 'with the
discovery and treasuring of Shakes
peare's chair, although before the birth
of the nineteenth century this craze
was "in its 'earliest infancy.^. It was
about' the'.year. 1793 when | Samuel I Ire- 1
land, a well known collector and dealer
in rare MSS., of Norfolk street. : Strand,
London, . went - to Stratford^ . to ; collect
material for his work entitled "Pictur- :
esque '-Views of "the /Warwic'kshlre
Avon,'.'* published \n\ 1795, and i to make
exhaustive and critical - search \ for .' any
literary/ or . personal \rellcs ; of Shakes
peare, \ for, Shakespeare's house \, had
been, pulled down, some years '-, before,
and ?"• his possessions . scattered . to V, the
four: winds, .v, ; » v / ;
. After., quitting.rLondon,- Shakespeare
did; not return - to < -the \ humble; dwelling
wherelnhe was born, ibut in 1597 bought
the ';¦ house \\ in ; Stratford next/to ', the
grammar) school, -where ¦ he j. had been
educated, .had it thoroughly repaired
and ; giving .; it the t name of i New. Place,
lived thejre until the • time of '; his .death.
This/house .had} been built by a: Sir
Hugh 5 Clopton a century,before^Shakes
peare?purchased it. v . , "U V- ;
liam". Lucy/s , deer; Elizabethan stool;
rushlight' holder on bracket; bellows
and_ tobacco tongs, which. in "\ the olden
days were used ,to ? pick up : live coals
for, the. purpose of lighting pipes.
V FOUND BY.. ACCIDENT. .
Only once since the King's accession.
In fact, have the gossips allowed him
to be really 111— this being at the time
of his intended coronation, and then
they insisted on making him a good
deal worse than he actually was!
One disadvantage about being a King
is that one can't be laid up with the
slightest complaint without a lot of ru
mors immediately graining currency as
to what Is "really" the trouble or aver
ring some contretemps or other for
which the "indisposition" is supposedly
a blind. When it was announced from
Buckingham Palace last year that a
cold vt'hich the King had caught would
prevent the contemplated royal visit
to the Duke and Duchess of Devonshire
from taking place, rumor immediately
declare that Edward. VII was not ill
at all, but that the Queen at the last
moment declined to go to Chatsworth
on account of the presence there of
certain society women of whom her
Majesty is said not to approve, and so
come excuse had to be made. And
hardly had news been placarded yes
terday that the King was Buffering
from a slight chill caught at Cam
bridge than an ingenious canard was
circulated in the "West End" which
affirmed that a certain royal indiscre
tion was intended to be cloaked by the
official statement.
Hereafter expenses of this kind will
be met out of county funds, local au
thorities agreeing that royal visits ben
efit trade to an extent that warrants
an even greater outlay on their parts.
His Majesty has given his consent to
the new departure and his friends
throughout the country will be notified
of the fact.
In. the meantime Earl Cadogan and
Lord Iveagh had heard of the compli
cated state of affaire, and they, too,
tent checks covering their respective
expenses. The King's check was re
turned to him, but it was some time
before he could see that it would be
undignified for him to insist on paying
the debt incurred. The King is not a
truest in the generally accepted sense
cf the word only when he is visiting a
person similarly situated to himself.
Within his own dominions he "com
mands" and not "accepts" invitations.
The incident in Question has caused
much amusement in society circles and
it was thought that the custom was
known to every police officer in the
country.
LONDON, April 16.— When King Ed
ward makes his promised visit to the
Duke and American Duchess of Man
chester at Kylemore Castle, there will
be one bill at least in connection with
his stay which his young hosts will
not have to "settle." For the King
has just abolished the rule mde by his
mother. Queen Victoria, that .persons
to whom their sovereign paid private
visits should assume the expense incur
red for the extra police protection,
which the late Queen considered in
dispensable at such times.
This incident, through which the
King learned for the first time that his
friends were called upon to pay such
polioe charges, happened in connection
with ildward Nil's recent visits to Earl
Cadogan at Culford Hall, and Lord
Iveagh at Elveden Hall in West Suffolk.
A police officer who had been new to
the district and ignorant of the meth
ods* "by which the expenses of the royal
protection were to be realized, sent to
the local municipal body a bill for $35.
This was brought to the notice of his
Majesty, and the King was so indig
nant that a private visit of his should
cost the taxpayers anything that he im
mediately ordered a check for *he
amount to be sent to the police officer
In question.
Edward Makes Order
Anent Visit to
Kyle more.
Host Must Not Defray
Expense of the
Policemen.
•'Born 23 April, 1564. Died 23 April; 1616."
¦The chair. is now kept in a room sa
cred to antiquities and as can be seen
by^the photograph it occupies a prom
inent position beside an Elizabethan
fire grate cast by John Hogge (the first
founder of Iron cannon in England) at
Sussex, In the year 1571. This
fire. back bears the royal arms and mot
toes of Queen Elizabeth. The fire dogs
also, have' her cipher," E. R.; upon them.
The photograph also shows an old proof
copy of^"th'e 5 first folio" portrait of
Shakespeare,^ .besides " contemporary
portraits of the wife _of Henry VII and
.Queen Mary -I; an Elizabethan cross
bow, such as might have been used by
'S,hakespear*ywhen';shoot!n"g.atfcSir Wil-
. Though black with age this chair of
Shakespeare's Is in excellent preserva
tion,'notwithstanding that it had a his
tory before it; came into possession of
the great. poet.V. Its shape proclaims it
as, a' relic .of the Tudor : period— what
is generally known" as the Glastonbury
pattern. It /is built' entirely 1 of oak,
neither nails, screws, nor glue having
been usediinjts manufacture, "for it is
pegged together with wood. The back
and the* : seat are j paneled, but beyond
simple reeded moldings the "chair does
not boast any carving. * A silver plate
of more recent date nailed "to the top
rail, of the' chair bears ; the inscription
in old English lettering: ' ... '
"WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE." '
"Way down in the county of Sussex,
far from the madding crowd -and the
railway, in a quaint and curious old
house N that is a befitting temple for.it,'
reposes this most interesting of Shake
spearean relics. And no less zealously
are guarded .the papers, ; many faded
and worn,; which prove its genuine
ness. .¦•/'" ' .
LONDON, April, 16.— Few are aware
that what was Shakespeare's favorite
fihalr at his home in Stratford-on-
Avon Is still In existence. The illus
tration 7 which accompanies this article,
from a photograph specially
taken for the purpose, is the first pic
ture of it. which has appeared in Amer
ica, or in England either, for that mat
ter."; ft- .:¦. . ¦
It was by the same irreverent hand
that the .house was- pulled down in
1752 for no other nor better reason
than a difficulty with the magistrates
who had assessed this house in which
he resided, only a part of the year, pro
portionately with all others in the bor
ough. ' As his only means of defeating
this aulte just assesment. Mr. Gastrell
razed the building to the ground. A
Mr. Taylor, who lived next door, saved
the "Abbot's Chair," as it was called,
from the sacrilegious wreck. The his
tory of this chair when Shakespeare
first possesed it was that a former
owner of New Place. It was thought a
William Clopton, had brought it to this
house in Stratford-on-Avon from
Glastonbury."" "-
Arrived on the spot, Mr. Ireland went
to Shakespeare's birthplace and found
there a descendant of Joan Harte, the
sister of Shakespeare. From this Mr.
Haf te he gleaned a" great deal of In
formation about the scattered contents
of New Place. On this he went first to
Clopton "House, where a farmer lived,
and to. 'his' horror he was told by the
farmer that he certainly had possessed
a "great, deal of manuscript from
ShakespeareTs -house, :;but that only a
WHY HOUSE WAS RAZED.
of some eminence In the county. After
the death of Mrs. Hall in 1649 their
daughter Elizabeth cam* Into posses
sion. ' This lady was married first to
Thomas Nash, and afterward to Sir
John Barnard of k Abblngton. On the
death of Lady' Barnard Shakespeare's
house was. sold, under her will, to her
cousin, Edward Nash, from whom it
devolved, in 1679, to Reginald Foster,
afterward .Sir Reginald Foster,
and^from this gentleman it was re
purchased by the Clopton family, who
in the year 1742 entertained David
Garrick, Mr. Macklln and Mr. Delane
under Shakespeare's £ mulberry tree,
planted by the bard, and then standing
In the t garden. This was ruthlessly
cut. down by Mr. Gastrell, who next
possessed the premises, and he com
mitted this sacrilegious act merely to
avoid the trouble of answering the
earnest importunities of frequent trav
elers.
Friends of the Bowring-Hanburys are
wondering how the heir, to this strange
combination of names will be called.
In this country the law allows a per
son to take as many, names , as he
likes, provided there be no fraudulent
intent, so Bowring-Hanbury-Bowring
may be the next . link in this rather
unusual chaLi of appellations.
To Americans in London who dance
it always has been a source of surprise
that although ; the . Cakewalk came," was
seen and conquered, and various fancy
dances from home attained popularity,
the "two-step" failed,, for some reason
to get imported. . Sousa's marches, and
the various other melodies to which
this popular -American dance is done
have been j favorites here for several
years." but even at the "smartest" Lonr
don ball one never, could find a partner
who "ever had : heard of the "two T step."
however, ; there probably
will be another story to tell, for Cromp-,
ton, the fashionable London "professor"
of dancing.*" lias Just declared that the^
•'two-step" will be the/dance of the"
coming season. It was firet seen in
London at 'the leap year ball' 'at ; the
Empress Rooms, Kensington, last lion
day night.
Victor Henry Bowring, Is a young
society man of a family well knokn in
fashionable circles and besides a town
house In Eatpn Square he has a coun
try place : near Brighton, England's
most fashionable watering place. His
father, who has been Librarian and
Registrar to the Metropolitan Board of
Trade, is. a former Member of Parlia
ment and very popular In Liberal cir
cles.
- R. W. Hanbury, Mrs. Bowring-Han
bury's first husband, was president of
the British Board of Agriculture and
Immensely wealthy. He left all his
property to his wife absolutely, so it
is possible that she had other reasons
than mere independence of spirit for
insisting, as he is said to have done,
that his successor should take - his
name. One of these may have been
that as "Mrs. Hanbury" this regal
looking woman has been for several
years a prominent figure in London
social life.
.GAVE NEW HUSBAND A TITLE.
'London society was set all agog by
the action of the fate R. W. Hanbury's
handsome widow in persuading Victor
Bowring— to- whom she was married
the other day— to add the name of i her
former lord to his own. He now is
known as Victor Bowring-Hanbury.
and this is said to be a unique instance
of a first husband's name being added
to that of the second.. Several men
marrying heiresses have, however, hy
phenated the lady's name to their" own,
and sometimes the husband's name has
disappeared altogether, as in the case
of Mr. Burdett-Coutts.
The perfidy of his son, who afterward
run away In a fit of remorse, broke
poor Samuel Ireland's heart and he did
not live long. The old chair at his
death became the property of a well
known club, known as the "Ancient and
Honorable Lumber Troop," a sort of
literary and powerfuj political club, to
which Samuel Ireland himself belonged.
This club, which existed for two or
three centuries, was said to have been
originally formed from one of the
trained bands raised at the time of the
attempted raid by the Spanish Armada,
In Queen Anne's time, her consort.
Prince George of Denmark, was a
"Lumber Trooper," and later on, Ho
garth was a member and painted their
escutcheon of arms, which long after
hung In their troop-hall. Its aims
were chiefly political and it was a
recognized matter that any candidate
for the City of London aspiring to suc
cess should become a "trooper" and
be admitted by their colonel. Their
anthem commencing "We are full ten
thousand boys" was probably not far
from the truth, for even in 1838 their
numbers were credibly estimated at
8000 to 9000 members. Their troop-hall
was what was afterward known as Dr.
Johnson's Tavern, In Holt Court, Fleet
street, London. But with the disuse
ot-the punch bowl came the end of the
days of the "Lumber Troop," and in
1859 the properties and arms of the
troop, including royal and celebrated
autographs, furniture, paintings, etc.,
was* put up' for sale by auction at
Messrs. Price & Clark's rooms in Chan
cery lane/ London.
The catalogue which now He3 before
the writer gives "lot 16" as the "Oak
Glastonbury chair, which belonged to
Shakespeare and called the 'Abbot's
chair.' Full particulars of this lot to
be obtained at the offices of the auc
tioneers."
The chair was sold to a Mr. Joseph
Drew of Weymouth> and was plater
on purchased by Lieutenant Colonel
Money Carter. It was purchased by
Mr. Charles Dawson. a fellow of the
Society of Antiquities, London, from
Colonel Carter's daughter In 1900, and
is now In his possession at Uckfleld,
Sussex.
the wicked forgeries of young Ireland,
which had deceived not only his own
father, but scholars of considerable re
nown. Including Parr, Wharton and
Chalmers. Young Ireland, in his "con
fesslons," mentions that the Shakes
pearean chair, "which had a place in
Mr. Ireland's study, on being conveyed
to London, was perfectly well known to
all the inspectors- of manuscripts, many
of whom I have often seen seated
therein to hear the 'perusal of the
(forged) papers; and their settled
physiognomies have frequently excited
In me a desire for laughter which it
required every effort on my part to
restrain."
Rare Relic of the Great Bard Occupies a Place
of Honor in a Room Reserved
ONE BILL
THAT KING
WILL PAY
SHAKESPEARE'S FAVORITE CHAIR, BLACK WITH AGE BUT WELL PRESERVED
IS CAREFULLY GUARDED IN A QUAINT OLD HOME IN SUSSEX COUNTY
Pages 17 to 20
Pages 17 to 20WOMEN WELL KNOWN
IN LOCAL FRATER
NAL SOCIETIES.
Court Seal Hock had a ,very pleasant
dancing social In the Devisadero-street
hall last week. The attendance was*
good! and there was a . well arranged,
programme of. dances which - kept the
company together until a late hoar.
The several courts of the Independ
ent Order^of Foresters of this. city are
actively at work, securing candidates
In accordance with terms of the contest
they entered into with the courts of
the city of Los Angeles.
High Vice Chief Ranger Stewart
went to Hollister, last week to organize
a companion court of the order In that
city. '
The Independents.
; <The leap-year " party ! given by this
council in : the Laurel Hall of the Shiels
building on Tithe .night ' of April ; 5 was a.
well' arranged and : pleasant affair that
On the evening of the last Monday
in March Prosperity Council No. 66 of
the Sentinels of the Universe was vis
ited by Suprema Sentinel Robert Alac-
Lachlan, Supreme Treasurer, Dr. Philip
Rice, Supreme . Secretary George S.
Clinton , and Supreme Vice Sentinel
Charles C. Girvan, who were present at
the initiation ' of eleven strangers . into
the mysteries of. the order, brought to
the 'organization through the efforts of
Mrs. Ida Krueger, recently ' appointed
organizer for the council. This organ
izer announced i her Intention to bring
In and'have'iinitlatsd at ' each. meeting
one more f candidate '• than at the pre-"
vlous' meeting. .If she can carry, out
her idea there will be' twelve to initiate
at * the \ next ' meeting. Under .good for
the order there' were inspiring addresses
by the supreme ; officers ?"and Rafter,; the
close * of i the a { collation w^s
served and there* was an hour of danc
ings , : _: ".';.¦ ¦ ¦¦¦- : . : ¦".':¦-.'.¦¦'¦;• ./
The Sentinels.
Gabrielle Parlor had a pleasant, "at
home," April 7, in EaglesV Hall. There
was a pleasing programme of enter
taining, vocal and instrumental num
bers and some choice literary product
tions. An event of the evening. -was
the' presentation -of a handsome cush
ion to the - one . who' was declared the
luckiest person in the hall.
Fremont Parlor gave 'an entertain
ment ¦ and ' dance :. in Golden Gate! Hall
last week; for the V benefit of its fund
for -the relief of the sick. There was
a good attendance, a delightful pro-
Buena Vista Parlor, Native Daugh
ters of the Golden West, will give its
twelfth anniversary ball In Native
Sons' Hall, April 21.
Grand' President Stella Finkeldey
paid an official visit on the evening of
April 8 to Junipero Parlor, in its meet
ing place, in that historic building, the
first United States Custom-house in
California, located in Monterey. The
meeting was a pleasant one, and the
reports of the parlor Instituted Decem
ber 18, 1903. showed that the member
ship is steadily Increasing and that
many of the members are descendants
of -the well-known pioneer families of
the first capital of the State. The
officers demonstrated. in a most satis
factory manner ability to conduct the
affairs of the order, -for which they
were given words of praise. At the
close of, the meeting the members, ac
companied the head of the order to
the ¦ Hotel Monterey, where there was
a banquet in her honor.
Native Daughters.
. Violin solo,- Professor Wise; recita
tion,, 1 Clarlsa Pierce; vocal selection.
Lillian Taylor;- instrumental duet by
the Misses Sundberger; vocal solo, M.
Johnson; instrumental selections, Pro
fessor Wise, and recitations by Miss
Maple. .
The first entertainment and dance
given by Goodfellowship v and Occi
dental camps of the Modern Woodmen
of America in conjunction with the
local camp of the Royal Neighbors In
the Pythian Castle was remarkable for
three things, the very large attendance,
the excellence of the numbers pre
sented "and the precision with . which
everything moved along. Out of defer
ence to the ladles' branch of the order
the hall was decorated In royal purple
and white, the colors of the -* Royal
Neighbors, and that was the color
scheme for the banquet hall and for
the badges of the committees. More
than two hundred persons were en
tertained at the banquet table. The
programme was made up of the fol
lowing numbers in addition to ad
dresses by District Deputy Elliott and
M. Moore:
Modern Woodcraft.
. The Friday Afternoon . Whist Club,
the membership of which is composed
of the : following! named ladles, "mostly
members of the Mission Rebekahs, I. O.
O.'. F.—MesdameSjT' Acton,*,
Duncan, Hurst; " Kenny, 1 • Knoph, Lari
mer, Miller, Norman, > Pracy, Pollock,
Trowbrldge, Wimmer, : Worth and \ Miss
Afrisdn-^celebrated-; its 'Mrst'anniver
sary last > week", by i having r "a . luncheon'
at ' the residence 'of ; Mrs. Larimer,; the
president. •• The officers of the club were
Last week the president and secre
tary of the assembly attended a special
session of the assembly at Auburn. At
the . same time . there was a ¦', school of
instruction. > : '• -.
The executive committee on recep
tion of the Sovereign Grand Lodge of
the Independent Order, of Odd Fellows
will hold a meetfng next Wednesday
for the purpose of further considering
the plans for the reception ana enter
tainment of the visiting grand body in
September next.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge has ar
ranged for a theater-party to be given
May 13. •
The board of Grand. Lodge trustees
of t*he Odd Fellows' Home at Therma
lito, on the occasion of the recent visit
to that place, found the home in good
condition, the wards of the order all
content and but few on the siek roll.
There are at present one hundred and
eleven persons residing in the home.
Templar Lodge is still adding to its
membership. It had a double initia
tion at its meeting last week.
President Mrs. Jensen and Secretary
Mrs. Donoho, accompanied by Inside
Guardian Mary Magui re, paid a visit
in the early part of April to Dannyille
Rebekah Lodge, where there was held
a meeting of instruction. The officers
of the lodge exemplified the work in
a very satisfactory manner, and after
the close of the lodge there was a ban
quet and speech •« making. .
Odd Fellowship.
On the second Saturday in April- Nez
Perces Tribe had a social' in "Scottish
American Hall and the same night
The Red Men of Sacramento will
have a street fair and carnival in*, the
near future and this will be followed
by a like event by the Red- Men of
Stockton.
Last week Calumet Tribe, . but four
montns old, had another class adoption,
the third since Institution. The names
of a large number of palefaces were
added to the roll of membership. This
tribe has had -a most phenomenal"
growth and the chiefs do not intend to
rest until they shall have passed the
400 mark. Then they will take a rest
to smoke the pipe of peace and content
ment. The warrior's degree will be
conferred this week and the chiefs de
gree April 25. The trible has applied
for a charter to institute a council of
the Degree of Pocahontas and propose
to make it "Calumet's own ladies'
council."
The Indian drama, "Wahcondah,"
will again be presented, this time at
the Alhambra, May 7, under v th,e
auspices of Montezuma Tribe No.' 77.
The masked ball given by Modoc
Tribe in Native Sons' Hall on the night
¦of the second Saturday in April was a
decided success. There was a good at
tendance and many pretty costumes.
Great Chief of Records Porter L. Bliss
was the floor manager and he was ably
assisted by M. F. Hobart, Thomas F.
Finn, Henry and William Helnze,: Wil
liam Moran, Frank Vanetti, M. Baker,
M. T. Alliman and George F. Glennon.
Great Sachem Samuels paid an offi
cial visit last week to Metamora Tribe
in Redwood City and there met" Past
Great Sachems George H. ¦ Buck and
George W. Lovle, together with forty
five members of Metamora. Several
palefaces were adopted by the officers
of the tribe. A feast of corn and veni
son followed, with long and short talks.
April 12 the great sachem was with
Osceola Tribe; with Altahmos, April 13;
with Nez Perces, April 14, and with
Dolaniano Tribe of S*an'Mateo,"April 15.
Red Men.
The new, Courthouse in Redwood
City will be dedicated May 12 and the
Red Men of San Mateo and Santa Clara
counties have been asked to be present
at the dedicatory exercises. •
The Red Men of Palo Alto and those
of San Mateo and Santa Clara counties
have been invited to take part in a
grand celebration to take place in Palo
Alto, July 4. The tribes have accepted
and will be a feature in the parade and
at the barbecue.
Awashte Tribe had an entertainment
and dance In Twin Peaks Hall.
A new tribe called Chlckasaw, organ
ized by Colonel Frank T. Terramosa,
was instituted last week by the great
sachem and/other great chiefs in the
Post-street wigwam. The degree work
was by Manzanita Tribe. : T. M. Penn
Is the flrBt- sachem and W. J. Pugh
chief of records.
Valley Lodge has appointed a com
mittee to arrange a programme of en
tertainment to celebrate the twenty
seventh anniversary of- the Institution
of the lodge. This will be on the even
ing of May 4 in the lodgeroomi Pioneer
building.
The party given last veek by Silver
Spray Lodge in Excelsior Hall! was well
attended and was a very- pleasing func
tion. This subordinate never neglects
to shine in the fraternal social world.
Mrs. Morrison having .declined to
serve as delegate from j Silver Spray
Lodge to the Grand" Lodge,, Mrs. Linda
G. Molloy has been elected to take her
place. - ¦.;".. .' . ¦']'¦'-. - '<¦
Forget-me-not Lodge of the Degree
of Honor, at its meeting on the first
Saturday In April, had a good attend
ance that witnessed the initiation of
two members of the A. O. U. W. into
the lodge in a very creditable manner.
The lodge appointed a committee to ar
range for the anniversary celebration.
. The grand officers of the Degree of
Honor opened a" .school of instruction in
the hall of Ivy Lodge, jOakland, last
week. It was attended by many mem
bers of the order, as well as officers pC
lodges, who received much information,
and if they carry into practice the les
sons taught they will do much to ele
vate the order.
The Grand Lodge of the Ancient Or
der of United Workmen will meet In
annual session in Fresno next Tuesday
and among the distinguished visitors
Governor Pardee and Supreme Fore
man Will M. Narvis of Iowa will be
present. .
" All arrangements have been made for
the reception of the grand officers and
delegates to the grand body at Fresno
next week. It is expected that this
will be one of the most interesting ses
sions that the Grand Lodge has ever
held in this State.
Order of Workmen.
Knights of Pythias.
Grand Chancellor Sargent's visita
tions for the current months are:
Apr'.l 8. Long Beach Lodge, Long Beach No.
210; April 9, iSan Pedra, Lodge, San Pedro No.
12$ . (special) ; April 11. Pomona Lodge. Aetna
No. 107; April 12, San Bernardino Lodge. Val
ley No. 27; April 13, Colton Lodge, Colton No.
137; April 14. Redlands Lodge. RedUnda No.
180; April 15, Santa Ana Lodge. Santa An.*
No. 149 (special); April 16. Highland Lodse.
Highland No. 211 (special); April 18. Riverside
Lodge. Sunnyslde No. 112 and Ferris No. 100;
jointly at Riverside; April 18, Pasadena Lodge.
Pasadena No. 132; April 20. Santa Monies
Lodge. Santa Monica No. 203; April 21. Alham
bra Lodge, Alhambra No. 127; April 22, ' Mo
neta Lodge. America No. 219 (special): April
23, Ontario Lodce, Nero No. 177 and Ontario
No. 222, Jointly with No. 222.
California Lodge No. 1, K. P., -which
for many years held its conventions in
the Pythian Castle, has moved into
larger quarters in the Pioneer building,
where it held its first session on the
second Friday in April. It was made
the occasion of a reception to the
members and their friends. There were
about three hundred persons present,
who were entertained with an excel
lent programme of music, songs and
literary numbers. During the evening^
light refreshments were served. This
lodge has elected John Huber, H.
Beaver, A. O. Davis and R. N. McLen
nan to represent it in the Grand Lodge
that Is to meet in Bakersfleld May IS.
The entertainment given last week
by -Berkeley Council, at Lorin, was a
delightful affair and the attendance of
members and invited guests proved
that the Pendoites are a feature in
that locality. This council, which was
instituted by L. J. Belflln, is composed
of many of the prominent residents of
Berkeley. At every meeting this coun
cil has work in the initiatory degree.
Supreme Organizer G. A. Howard,
who is at work in Southern California,
is giving lectures on the order and at
the same time entertaining with a
stereopticon show on the benefits to be
derived from Pendo. He reports that
as 'a result of these lectures he is < re
ceiving a large number of applications
for membership, greater than ever be
fore known in the history of the order.
Home Council at its meeting last
Monday night had ten candidates to
Golden State Council of Oakland
gave an entertainment in K. of P. Hall.
Oakland, last week, when a very en
tertaining programme was presented
and after. which there was dancing for
two hours.
On the last day of March Supreme
Councilor A. P. Tugwell returned to
this city after an extended trip to the
councils of the order in the States of
Oregon and in Washington, where, un
der the supervision of M. D. Wolf. P.
A. Farquahrson, Theodore . Parker and
Mrs. E. Phlllls Carleton, the order Is
reported as making rapid strides. The
first three named are working in the
western portion of Washington and the
last named In Spokane and vicinity.
Home Circle of this city had a large
ly attended meeting in Red Men's
building on the last Monday in March,
at which time a clas3 of seventeen
strangers was initiated.
Order of Pendo.
re-elected" for/the current term, after
which there was the presentation of a
handsome vase to the - president A
basket of flowers was presented to the
secretary. During the luncheon, in lieu
of a toast, Mrs. Knoph recited a clever
screed In rhyme which embraced all
the little points that pertain to the
various rules governing the club. At
the close of the festivities there was
the regular progressive whist.
acted as a substitute, presented the
good of the order committee an order
for a suit of clothes, as the first prize
for the next tournament, which com-,
menced on the first Wednesday of the
current month. A number of new con-'
testants have entered and it is expect
ed that ten tables will be filled each
time the play Is on.
Stanford Parlor No. 76 will, in ac
cordance with a time-honored custom,
entertain the delegates to the Grand
Parlor on the eve of the departure for
the Grand Parlor session, to be held in
Vallejo. This year it will be In the
nature of a smoker on the evening of
April 23, In the banquet hall of the
Native Sons' building, and it is ex
pected that this affair will surpass any
previous effort, in view of the fact that
Fred H. Jung, the genial recording sec
retary of the parlor, is a candidate for
the office of grand secretary in opposi
tion to Charles H. Turner, the incum
bent. A very interestlnr programme
has been prepared for the occasion.
Pacific Parlor, N. S. G. W., has un
der consideration a proposition to in
crease the salaries of "Recording An
gels" Miller and Fraser, In apprecia
tion of faithful work In increased du
ties. The members of this parlor are
working the boomlet for Dan A. Ryan
for the office of grand trustee In the
hope that it will develop into a first
class boom.
The last of the third whist tourna
ment in Olympus Parlor was concluded
in the parlor's headquarters in the De
visadero-street hall on the last Wed
nesday in March. It resulted in the
winning of the first prize by, Richard
Cullen, who scored 18, and was award
ed a Morris chair, donated by Harry L
Mulcreevy, and the second prize, a pair
of gold Initial sleeve buttons, went to
Hugo Soitz, who« scored 14. After the
award, N. Levy of California Par
*or, who attended the' tournament and
The entertainment and dance Riven
by the Native Sons' literary and social
committee, • under the auspices of
Niantic Parlor, on the fourth Wednes
day in March, was another of those
social successes for which this associa
tion has become noted. The programme
of entertainment was well received and
the dancing, which closed the evening,
was under the direction of E. E.
Schmitz as floor manager and Edward
J. Rlley as assistant, with W. H.
Priest, Lewis F. By^ngton. Frank Mor
decal, T. A. O'Leary, Carl Westerfeld,
G. F. Euler, Edward R, Rock, C. F.
Plate and W. E. Carroll as the recep
tion committee.
Native Sons.
ing on the evening of April 25.
Santa Amanda Circle had a social for
its members and guests last week.
A new circle of the order was insti
tuted at Fresno last week.
M. Boehm will be a candidate for the
office of supreme secretary.
Franklin Circle will have a good time
in the social hall of the Shiels build-
The committee from the local circles
on reception of the supreme officers
of and delegates to the Grand Circle
that is to meet in this city in May
has organized to arrange details of the
affair. Companion Mrs. Nichols was
chosen nresldent, . Companion Mrs.
Wunderlich secretary and Companion
Mrs. Con way treasurer. The commit
tee will have a night at the Chutes
April 29, under the direction of Com
panions Mrs. C. Buckley, Mrs. Rentsch
ler. Mrs. Trimble and Max Boehm.
At the next nession of the Grand Cir
cle an effort will be made to have bi
ennial instead of annual sessions.
The supreme officers will pay an un
official visit April 18 to Webster Cir
cle in Pinole. The officers will be ac
companied by Past Supreme Chief
Companion Mrs. A. Boehm.
Sherwood Circle had a very pleasant
party In the Alcazar Social Hall on the
first Saturday of the current month.
There was a jolly crowd In the dance
hall and all had a good time until mid
night.
Supreme Chief Companion Mrs. J.
Valente and Supreme Sub-Chief Mrs.
George J. Berge,r have been visiting
the circles in Los Angeles and the
southern part of the State. Mrs. Jennie
Sawyer, president of the San Fran
cisco board of deputies, accompanied
them on these official \ r islts. ,
Quite a number of amendments "will
be presented at the next session of the
Subsidiary High Court. One is that
the office of subsidiary high chief
ranger shall be an honorary one; an
other that no subsidiary high chief
ranger or past high chief ranger shall
ibe eligible to be elected to the office
of subsidiary hjgh chief ranger— in
other words it is Intended that no one
shall hold that office for more than one
term; and another Is for the estab
lishment of district courts. The others
are minor matters.
High Chief Ranger Sanborn " visited
Juvenile Court Star of the West recent
ly and complimented the youngsters
on the comprehensive manner in which
they are conducting their business.
The members of this court are arrang
ing for a high jinks during the current
month.
Grand Dictator Archibald will visit
the lodges of the order in Los Angeles
during the latter part of April.
The grand dictator and Deputy H.
H. Barnes paid a -visit to Polar Star
Lodge last week and each gave the
members appointed talk on the duty
of the hour for the advancement of the
order in this city.
During the past week Deputy H.~H.
Barnes visited all the lodges that met
in this city and at each place he told
of what is being done for the extension
of the order and advised the members
to get out and work for the advance
ment of the particular lodge and the
order in general.
Liberty Lodge of the K. of H. held
its meeting last week in new, bright
and cheerful quarters in the Pioneer
building. .The event was celebrated by
a smoker in the new hall. The lodge
has appointed its committee for the
picnic at Camp Taylor May 30. '¦":¦¦¦
The Past Arch Dictators' Association
at its last held meeting appointed E.
F. Joy, Maxwell L. Crowe and Charles
Lampe a committee to arrange for an
open meeting to be held some time In
the near future. This is to be for the
members of the order and for the pub
lic.
Knights of Honor.
The ninth anniversary party of
Martha Washjngton Council, D. of L.,
give/i In the Laurel Hall of the Shlels
building on ,the last day of March was
attended by as many people as could
crowd Into the assembly room. There
was excellent music, a good programme
of dances and many pretty women. The
affair was under the direction of Mrs.
Isabella M. Strong, -Addle Bergman,
Mrs. S. M. Smith, Mrs. Preston and
Mrs^HarveX^
California vouncll No. 1 gave a
leap-year dance on Saturday, April 16,
in the Mission Opera Hall. The com
mittee of arrangements, consisting of
Irene Antzen, Emma Koopman, Bar
bara Schaertzer, Grace Walsh and
Joseph Mayers, 'did all that qould be
.done to_; make this one of the most
pleasant affairs that the council has
ever given. This council Is p'rogresslng
at a remarkable rate. At its last held
session it had eight candidates to ini
tiate and the officers rendered the work
in a most satisfactory manner.
The ball given in Mission Opera Hall
on the first Saturday in April by the
hall committee of the Junior Order of
United American Mechanics and the
Daughters of Liberty, was a delightful
function that was enjoyed by a large
number of people who are fond of at
tending a select gathering where all are
congenial and meet to have a good
social time. The programme was made
up of a goodly jiumber of up-to-date
dances. r-'i'J v
Juniors and Daughters.
Court Richmond gave an anniversary
ball in Richmond, Contra Costa Coun
ty, on the fourth Friday in March.
There was a large number of the resi
st nt* of that t6wn In attendance.
Miss Tryphlna Pritchard, the young
elocutionist whose talent has often en
tertained the members of the various
circles of the Companions of the For
est and who is known as "the pet of
the Companions," will entertain her
many friends with a recital In Stein
way Hall, April 50. "The little one" la
one of the brightest elocutionists that
ever appeared before a fraternal au
dience.
Artemis Circle will present the
"Deestrlck Skule" in the A. O. F. build
ing. April 20.
On the night of April 6 Court Oak
Grove gave Its April fool party.
California Circle, Companions of the
Forest, gave a leap-year party April
6, in the A. O. F. building.
Club Bohemian, composed of mem
bers of Court Bohemian and Bohemian
Circle, gave a "snowball April fool
party" on April 8, In the A. O. F. build
ing.
Foresters of Old.
A few evenings since the members of
the drill team of Golden Gate Circle
surprised their captain, Allie Perrin,
by presenting her through Sergeant A.
A. Perrin of the police force, the first
drill master of the team, with a hand
some sword and belt as an earnest of
their appreciation of her efforts to
make the team one of the most pro
ficient in the city. The presentation
was followed by remarks by the re
cipient, by Drillmaster McElroy of Ta
malpais Camp and others.
The second annual ball given by
Golden Gate Circle, Women of Wood
craft, in Golden Gate Hall on the night
of the first Tuesday in April was at
tended by so many people that the ca
pacity of the hall was taxed to its
limit. There was good music and an
excellent programme of dances. The
floor was under the directorship of Miss
Agnes King and an able committee of
the neighbors of the circle. The grand
march was led by Guardian Neighbor
Annie Browse and Henry Browse, her
husband.
The Choppers* Friendship Club had a
smoker last week and it was a very
pleasing affair, for there was a fine
programme of varied numbers, good
music, Interesting stories and Just a
few words about the organization and
reasons offered why neighbors of
Woodcraft should Join the club. The
club initiated a number of members
and then talked up its picnic, to be
given May 15 at Sunset Park.
The Easter ball by Redwood Circle
No. 72 of the Women of Woodcraft in
Golden Gate Hall on the second Satur
day In April was a grand success from
every standpoint. The attendance gave
proof of the popularity of the social
functions of this circle. The well ar
ranged programme was all that could
be desired. The social committee of the
circle is deserving of much credit for
the admirable manner in which it man
aged this affair.
Pathfinder Camp of the Woodmen of
the World gave its second annual en
tertainment and dance In Pathfinder
Hall, 4439 Mission street, last night.
The membership of this active camp
has reason to feel proud of the affair.
There was a most pleasing programme
of vaudeville numbers, a well arranged
list of dances and during the evening
there was a collation.
The local camps have been requested
to take steps to tender a suitable re
ception to Mrs. Canie C. Van Ordell,
grand guardian neighbor of the Women
of Woodcraft, on her visit to this city
during the latter part cf the current
month.
During the latter part of March there
was a large attendance at a session of
Bay Tree Camp of the "Woodmen of the
World, Oakland, on the occasion of the
presentation by San Francisco Camp
of a beautiful stump. The visitors
from San Francisco having the stump
In their charge -were met at the train
•by a delegation from the Oakland camp
and escorted to the meeting place,
¦where there was in waiting a large
number of neighbors of Woodcraft.
After the officers of the visited camp
had assumed their respective stations
the famous drill team of San Francisco
camp entered, escorting Consul Com
mander Eberling and Neighbors Apple
nnd Finch of the visitors, after which
the visiting consul commander, on be
half of San Francisco Camp, presented
the stump, the most magnificent ever
prepared for a camp of woodmen, to
the membership of Bay Tree Camp.
The stump is embellished with the va
rious emblems of the order carved upon
It— the work of Neighbor George W.
Baltic of California Camp. The name
of the camp, date of institution and
that of the presentation, as well as the
motto of the order, appear in raised
was accepted on behalf of the sitting
was accepted on behalf of the sitting
camp by Consul Commander Cuthbert,
after which there was an adjournment
to another hall, where a banquet was
partaken of and many speeches were
made.
Woodmen of the World.
was carried out to a most successful
issue under the leap year rules by the
following named committee: Dr. R. F.
Tomlinson, Ida Kreuger, Mrs. Grace
Reese (floor manager), Mrs. J. S. Clin
ton, Miss L. Fendall and Edward Nor
berg.
The seventeenth anniversary banquet
recently, given by Ignatian Council,
Young Men's Institute, in th* prettily
decorated dining hall of the Lick
House, was another of those . functions
which have ' gained for this council
most favorable comment.' The promi
nent people at the head of *the table
were: Toastmaster. Thomas H. Fallon,
and Mrs. Fallon, Archbishop Most
Rev. George Montgomery, Paulist
Father Rev. Henry I. Stark, Rev.
Father P. J. Ryan of Holy Cross
Church, D. L Mahoney, Judge J. F.
Sullivan, Past Grand President J. J.
McDade, Ignatius D. Dwyer, president
of the council, and Miss M. Theler, Col
onel J. J. Tobln and daughter, Mrs.
leibert, Richard and Mrs. Dlnnegan,
R. E. Queen, James 6. Edward and
Miss Julia Coffey, Miss Vivian Hlckey,
A. B. Magulre, H. J. and Mrs. McGin
ness, M. J. and Mrs. Huley and John
W. McCarthy and wife. Af the ter
mination of the excellent menu the
toastmaster, after introduction, spoke
in an interesting way and in a happy
manner introduced those who had been
selected to respond to toasts. The
speakers were the Archbishop, David
I. Mahoney, Judge Sullivan, Colonel
J. J. Tobln, R. E. Queen and James D.
Whalen. In addition to the speech
making and orchestral music during
the supper and between toasts, there
was the singing of "My Old Kentucky
Home," "My Own United States." vocal
selections by M. J. Hynes and Miss
Vivian Hickey and the parting eong.
"Auld Lang Sync-
Ignatian CounciL
gramme and a well arranged selection
of dance numbers. ';{/.":¦¦-¦:
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALU,, SUNDAYS AI^IH; 17, 1904:.
18
ECHOES FROM THE
LODGE
ROOMEverybody, will be going to the' Ma-
NEW ATTRACTIONS ARE •:.
* TO BE SEEN AT THE;
THEATERS THIS fWtEK
Encouraged . by Nance O'Neil's : New
.England; successes, r efforts, are being
made- to bring the talented Californian
and ; her company to New York ; for
spring season of , Ibsen." 1 She*- was
ed at : the Herald' Square Theater", last
season, but owing to the disappearance
of her - financial backers the." engage
ment fell through. > **.
;. Richard ¦ Mansfield :¦ has , decided to
abandon VParsifal,",' 'Vowing', -to the
number of : stock . and * traveling V com
panies J that .are .". .-; now" producing C it.
There are I now. six .traveling companies
playing "Paraif4li" and the; play has
been produced by five different stock
companies. : x .
It is . ; reported "¦ that Wagenhals &
Kemper will star, Frederick JWafde and
PLAYERS WE KNO W AND
THEIR MOVEMENTS IN
AMERICA AND ABROAD
These catapults are a striking object
lesson in ithe progress made in the art
of- war, especially in ordnance. ."Pro
jectiles used in the experiments made
by -the , Lorraine society of Metz were
hurled 990 feet.
. One of these pieces of artillery of the
great .Caesar's period would cut an In
significant figure' beside the 130- ton gun
on. Sandy Hook, which throws a 2400- ;
pound sixteen-inch projectile'"twenty
o-ne miles-^-more than a hundred ' time's
as far as the catapult sends a ¦ htt of
wood or stone.
. ,METZ, GeVman Lorraine, April 16.—
Several catapults— ancient engines of
war, such as were used at the siege of
Troy and in* the campaigns of 'Julius
Caesar— have been, dug up here from
ground where Roman legions, Germaine
warriors, Gallic tribes, vandal hordes
and invading Huns in turn fought great
battles. Though much has been writ
ten about catapults, few have ever been
found to give an accurate notion of
that primitive artillery-' '
These examples are rude and ridicu
lous in modern eyes, though they were
formidable, Indeed, in their day. They
consist of wooden frames or scaffolds In
the fashion of a monster crossbow,
with a sort of trigger to hold the
leather "string" until the proper mo
ment to let it loose to drive at the
enemy an arrow, a spear or a piece of
rock.
ANCIENT WAR ENGINES .
DISCOVERED AT MET/
"Your relatives," I began—
"I know, and there are more," she
laughed. "I have an uncle a famous
violinist— great friend/of Brahms; an
other who ' was ''president of, the : Music
and Art Exposition— with. Princess
Metternich— in Vienna.- And I—" she
Miss de Felippe. showed me then pho
tographs of another brother-in-law, an
eminent barrister; of two charming
young English ' girls, Phillips' sisters,
and at last of the Canon, a head fine
and venerable.
"Oh, farcical," she exclaimed. *"The
gods behaved like mortals, the mortals
like immortals, and the whole thing
was utterly without dignity or illusion.
I wrote to. Stephen about it." •.
"Mr. Phillips' gods of the prologue
are rather farcical," I ventured. . ;
"It was all that way," Miss de Fe
lippe protested. "No, . I'm 'forgetting
Miss Coghlan's Calypso. That was
splendid./ I wonder if she would think
me impertinent if I would tell her so—
she comes here this week?"", -
"I think not," I decided. 'x V
"How was It?"
"Most of it," I said, "all the plays."
"Have you read the smaller poems?
I like so much 'The Wife'— strange how
a man can feel, know such things."
"Strange how a man could paint
Malatesta's sister," I added.
"I saw his 'Ulysses' in New York—"
"Stephen" Mrs. Phillips delighted to
talk of. "Stephen is a great 'leo' in
London," she eald. "I think he should
be the poet laureate.. And he is only 38
or 39. . You have read his work?"
ful — long, gray, large-irised and long
lashed, clinging curiously to the upper
eyelids, set under delicately crescented
brows.
shrugged dolefully again her expressive
little shoulders.
"But you were a Santuzza with Mas
cagni," I reminded.
"Yes, until we met our Waterloo in
Chicago," she laughed.
"How. was that? We were so curious
here about it." v . *
"Too much Madame Mascagni," Miss
de Felippe nodded wisely.
"Ah!"
"Madame was always in the box of
fice, everywhere, ordering, arranging.
She would insist on taking away Mas
cagni's share even before the money
was counted— what there was of it.
And the season was, oh frightfully
badly managed. Judgments, arrests
every night. In Chicago they had to
lock up the tenor and myself In a back
room for fear they might arrest* us and
prevent the ' performance. They, Mr.
Heard, that Is, who took us there,
served me, little me, with a writ for
$25,000 for leaving Chicago without per-:
mission! And the Italian Consul had
had to send us all back to New York!
The business was excellent in Chicago,
too, crowded houses and great success.
But the management! Then there were
other people besides the company who
know what Madame Mascagni's 'porco
Americano' meant!"
• As to the Mascagni company, of
which sovmuch has been said. Miss de
Felippe said that there .was" an ex
cellent , tenor in ScheyazzI, and a
Santuzza that overshadowed Calve's
in Capelll's. She gave a very acute and
apt defense Cot her opinion. Her • own
position in the company, in her own
modest words, was- "general utility "
person."
"You were with James Powers later?".
I suggested, then. ; = ,,. .
"In the 'Princess of Kensington,'"
she added.! "Oh:dear, ; but I must tell
you one of -the: criticisms— the critics'
"were very kind to me.JThls one wasn't,
but— it was funny. He said : ' 'Miss , de
Felippe has a charming voice, and so
on, and acts very : well, but- 1 — but she
might be Jimmy ¦ Powers' sister,' and
they'll have to fight itout between 'em.'
He's very, ugly, you know." .
"It's, my' nose," she .decided, cheer
fully, as I came away.- , . v
"And Stephen Phillips," I suggested
gently, after a pause, thinking ' that
now I understood the sad light that
sometimes shadows Miss de Felippe's
beautiful eyes. And they are beauti-
It was a very patient, sober, sweet
little face the small soubrette turned
to me as she told me then that she was
the widow of Ttobert Francis Phillips,
artist and brother of Stephen Phillips,
the poet, and son of the Canon of
Peterborough Cathedral. They lived in
New York for three years, Phillips
painting and illustrating for Scrib
ner's, McClure's, the Herald and other
papers, Mrs." Phillips singing in con
cert — only, though, on condition that
she spend the money so earned entire
ly on herself; posing for her husband
and living happily with him the life of
Upper Bohemia. It came to an end onts
day, when the brave young husband
fell ill, and three days afterward died.
"I try very hard not to remember too
much," the little lady ended.
Miss de Felippe laughed and tripped
into another room to bring evidence.
"It is there in black and white," she
said, and put into my hands a book
containing programmes and the like.
And there it was, "Pletro Mascagni, di
rector; Santuzza; Dora de Felippe;
at the Auditorium, Chicago, December
20, 1302."
"I'm Just a pocket Santuzza," she
laughed.
But there was something besides the
Mascagni programme— something that
made me look up with a question.
Then MIes de Felippe blushed, and
Miss de Felippe laughed, and Miss de
Kellppe sighed as she said: "I did not
Such a little butterfly of a thing she
looks, too! Think of her mischievous
baby Bronislava of the week's "Beg
gar Student" in' the connection. Nor
should I give Miss de Felippe ¦ more
than twenty-four or twenty-five years
of experience off the stage. It was then
that I said: "But I cannot make you
into a Santuzza!" and then that I dis
covered the Phillips connection.
Certainly papa seems to have done
a good deal. In the book talk j that
followed the soubrette avowed a strong
liking for Schopenhauer, discussed
Kant and Hegel, and decided that
Shakespeare is sometimes "more
Shakespeare in German. than he is in
English." She confessed to a weak
ness for Lombroso, Montegazza and
other psycho-physiologists of the Ital
ian school, owning that she had read
them In French, as she did not read
fluently in Italian. French literature
we glanced at, Flaubert and De Mau
passant of the moderns, Moliere and
Racine of the classics, deciding inci
dentally that French is the only lan
guage in which those things that should
not be said, or that .we have decided
should not be said, may be politely
Baid. Of the French translations cf
Sir Walter Scott's novels .Miss de Fe
lippe believes ,ihat they "necessarily
lose the ruggedness, the strength, the
simple grandeur, the Saxon — in short,
the original." "The Pickwick Papers"
she has read ten times, for the Eng
lishness of their humor and charac
ters. In short. Miss de Felippe has
lived with and loved much good liter
ature.
"Think!" she said, "my sister and I
read all Voltaire, Rabelais, when
we were 10, 11 years old. So we
absorbed the style- Later, when the
ethics would have been" — she lifted
her delicately arched brows —
I nodded.
"Then he would not allow us to read
them."
"But that implies so much,"- I re
marked. .
"Papa did everything he could for
us," Miss de Felippe put it.
mean to tell you that I had been mar
ried."
Alberta Hartley and Helen Archer in
"The New French Maid" ' lead the
Chutes bill. 5
Ethel Levey, who In private life is
Mrs. George M. Cohan, " has been "cor
ralled by the Orpheum for the ¦ current
bill, and brings several new songs. Wil
fred Clarke in his playlet "No More
Trouble" headlines, the bill.
"The White Squadron," naval and
thrilling, will be presented at the Cen
tral this week. • ., '
The Tivoll continues its fine produc
tion of '"The Beggar Student." ,
Fischer's announces a, change of bill
for to-morrow evening, with "Chow
Chow," a new burlesque.
"The Frisky Mrs. Johnson" will be
produced at the Alcazar to-morrow
evening. : .. '¦¦" '
The Columbia has j\vhat promises to
be an attraction of the liveliest in the
Four Cohans, who will product this
week their successful farce "Running
for Office."
It is necessary, only to say that Kolb
and Dill, Barney Bernard, Maude Am
ber, Winfleld Blake, Flossie Hope" and
Gertie Emerson will be at the Grand
Opera-house Jfo-day. They do "Hoity
Tbity."
Rose Coghlan returns to the Califor
nia to-night in "The Greatest Thing in
the World."
Jestic Theater this week, Manager
Bishop's new uptown temple of, the
drama. ¦ With strenuous effort they
have succeeded in pulling the theater
into shape for its opening to-morrow
"evening, and the house is said to be a
model of beauty and convenience.
Isabel Irving, in "The Crisis," is the
opening attraction.
TIVOLI SOUBRETTE OF DISTINGUISHED FAMILY.
Probably the only statue of the late
Sol Smith Russell in existence is owned
by George L. Baker of Portland. Or.
The statue was given to Manager Bak
er by the late comedian, and ever since
the manager has retained it as a mas
cot. So far as known there were but
two of these statues made. The sculp
tor was an ardent admirer of Mr. Rus
sell living in San Francisco. One day
while Mr. Russell was filling a date
at Portland an immense barrel was
delivered at the stage door, and upon
being opened it was found to contain one
complete statue and the fragments of
the second. That was the first time
that the comedian saw his counterfeit,
and realizing that it would be useless
to carry the ornament around the coun
try with -him he gave the statue to
Mr. Baker. The figure, which repre
sents Mr. Russell as the poor relation,
has been a mascot to Mr. Baker ever
since.
• * •
• * *
Owing to the great success of Ben
Greet's "As You Like It," the produc
tion of "She Stoops to Conquer" has
been postponed.
.Lewis Morrison intends to retire from
the stage for a year, after which he
will produce a new play. Mr. Morri
son's "Faust" has brought him a for
tune.
• • •
prize in the Fawcett play contest in
Baltimore.
Kathryn Kidder next season.
Virginia Harned revived "Iris" in
Philadelphia last week, and- devoted
the Saturday performances to "Ca
mille:"
After trying and discarding three
plays in one season,' success has at last
beamed on William Collier in Richard
Harding Davis' comedy "The Dic
tator."
Margaret Anglin and Henry Miller
will play a special engagement in "Ca
mille" at the Hudson Theater next
week. -*'
"The Royal Chef," a new musical
play,' was produced with great success
In Chicago last week. Another hit was
the Ade Luders musical comedy, the
"Sho-Gun."
Kyrle Bellew, who made a great suc
cess of "Raffles," has been engaged for
the all-star revival of "The Two Or
phans," in which he plays the part of
the Chevalier de Vaudray. Next Sep
tember the actor will be seen in this
city- % '
George M. Cohan of the Four Co
hans, who are at present in this city,
announces that he will star next sea
son in his" latest musical comedy, "Lit
tle Johnny Jones." Mr. Cohan will be
supported by a company of eighty, that
will include Mrs. George M. Cohan
(Ethel Levey) and Mr. and Mrs. Jerry
J. Cohan. , ' - v . '.
A duel with swords that rivals the
staircase fight in "A Gentleman of
France" is a feature of Ralph Stuart's
successful production of "By Right of
Sword."
The all-star revival of "The Two Or
phans" has met with tremendous suc
cess in New ¦ York, where It will fill
an indefinite engagement. The cast,
truly a notable one, is as follows:
Chevalier Maurice de Vaudray... '.Kyrle Bellew
Count de Llniercs Frederick Perry
Picard E. M. Holland
Jacques Frochard..'. Charles Warner
Pierre Frochard James O'Nell
Marquis de Prisleo Jameson Lee Flnney
Doctor of the Hospitals Frank Roberts
M. de Mailly Stanley Jessop
M. d'Etrees Stanley Hawkins
Martin °. '....'. B. Bat ton Glbbs
Antoine George S. Stevens
Lafleur Frank Connor
Officer of the Guard Basil West
Footman of the Countess de Llnteres....
Alfred James
Chief Clerk In the Ministry of Police
> Henry J. Hadfield
Louise Grace George
Henrlette Margaret Illington
Countess de Llnieres Annie Irish
La Frochard... Elita Proctor Otis
Mananne Clara Blandick
Sister Genevleve Clara Morris
Julie Mona Howlson
Florette. Mlgnon Beringer
Cora Corlnne Parker
Sister Therese..... Lucy Miliken
Richard Mansfield is due at the Co
lumbia Theater next month, supported
by an Immense company. This is his
first appearance here in over nine
years.
Cecelia Loftus is reported to be seri
ously ill In Buffalo with scarlet fever.
Her place in E. H. Sothern's company
has been taken by Dorothy Hammond.
Edna Wallace | Hopper has left the
legitimate to fill an engagement in
vaudeville in a sketch entitled "The-
March of Time," by Cosmo Gordon
Stewart.
It is reported that Julia Marlowe and
E. H. Sothern will appear' In London
in June in "Ingomar" and "Romeo and
Juliet."
Forbes Robertson and his wife, Ger
trude Elliot, left for England last week.
They will return in the fall for another
tour, during which they will present
"Othello."
Lulu Glaser, who was playing an en
gagement at the Montauk Theater,
Brooklyn, was ill last week with la
grippe, her illness necessitating , the
closing of that theater from Tuesday
to Saturday. .- ;•.. '.'O^
. Another on the sick list was Law
rence d'Orsay, who became ill during a
performance '? of "The Earl of Paw
tucket" in Philadelphia last week. ¦
William Gillette closed his season last
week In "The Admirable Crichton". and
is going to his country place in North
Carolina. Next - season . he intends to >
produce the annually promised "Ham
let." V
* • •'¦*•*.•
John B. Schoeff el ~~ of the Tremont
Theater, Boston, has secured the man
agement of Nance O'Neil for a number
Trixie Friganza, who is remembered
in * San Francisco ; for her "Widow" in
the "Prince of-Pilsen," isto play a
similar part in the Luders-Ade* musical
comedy, the "Sho-gun." ''
;' • • •
. . The .tragedy of "Ajax" has recently
been- presented in. ,New York, * In the
original Greek, by Greek residents of
that city.
? ? •
. Percy Haswell will star next . season
in "O > Kiku San," a - Japanese '* play by .
Alfred Rowland Haven, which. won the'
"Wohln," "Die F^aulJe" (Schubert); "Frueb-
Ungsnacht" (Schumann); "Verborgenhelt" (Hugo
Wolff): "Traume Durch die DammerunK" R.
Strauss): "Schmerzen" (Wagner); "Rose Aria"
— "Marriage of Figaro" — (Mozart); "Lea
Larmes" — "Werther" — (Massenet): "A Vesta"
— ¦•Polyeucte" — (Gounod); "La Foletta" Mar
chesi); "My Bark is Bounding Ne*r" (Balfe);
"Love's Toung Dream" (Tom Moore): "My
Mother Bids Me Bind My Hair" (Haydn);
"Senta Ballad" — "Flying Dutchman" — (Wag
ner). •
Miss, Caroline Halsted Little, who
has recently/ returned from three years
of study in Paris, Frankfort and Mu
nich, will give a song recital on Tues
day afternoon at Century Hall. Mis3
Little is well remembered for her
promising work at the Beel Saturday
pops of some years ago and has been
encouragingly handled by the Munich
critics In her recent work. She stud
ied In Munich with a teacher rapidly
coming to the fore in Madame Regina
de Sales; in Frankfort with Stock
hausen for German lleder, and in
Paris with Madame Calvo-Pecciotto.
Miss Little's programme runs inter
estingly as follows:
The Scheel symphony season, by the
way, for this spring has simply melt
ed. It was talked of. settled, then
simply dropped, and the whys and
wherefores we know not. Once again
the impermanency of the thing "per
manent" has been demonstrated and
San Francisco again left stranded on
the symphony shore. It seems, sadly,
that the baton will be thrust either
upon me or Mr. Zech — and I don't
know which would be worse. One is
left even* without the energy to shout
"To the rescue!"
Ysaye, who is booked for fifty con
certs in America next season, may
come here. His manager announces
that the famous violinist will be heard
in all of the principal cities, and is
not San Francisco the greatest of
these? But we shall not have Mr.
Ysaye with thl Boston Symphony or
chestra, with which he will first be
heard in Boston, Philadelphia, Balti
more, Brooklyn and New York. Nor
shall we have Mr. Ys^ye with the
Scheel Symphony orchestra of San
Francisco that has melted, into thin
air.
(a) "Die Jun?e Xonne." fb) "Rastlos*
Lithe." (c) "Der Tod und das Maedchen," <d>
"Standchen" (Franz Schubert): (a) "Walde*-
SMpraech." (b) "Fruehllngsnacht." (c) "Ich
Grolle Nlcht." (d) "Die Widmung" <Robert
Schumann); (a) "Ltebestraum." (b) two songs
with viola obligate. "Gestlllte Sehnsucht."
"Geistliches Wl^senlled." (c) "Wie blst «lu
meine Kocnlirln," (d) "Melne Llebe 1st Gruen"
(Johannes Brahms); two songrs with organ, (a)
"Psalm" (Rebllns). (b) "Sei Still" (Raff): (at
ErUa scene from "Rhelngold," (b) Waltrauten
scene from "Gotterdatnm-rung" (Wagner).
Here is the Schunrann-Heink pro
gramme for this afternoon at the Tiv
oli. It is useless to advise going if
you are" without a ticket, as the house
was sold out days ago. Let those re
joice who have this last opportunity
to hear the most human, .the most
gloriously voiced singer of them all.
And here is the programme that we
shall hear:
vocabulary, its cameo-like enunciation,
of the kind made only in France. It Im
pelled me to tell her that the perfection
of her English was what made the in
experienced doubt her French origin.
I also asked how she had obtained it.
"My sister and I had an English
governess when we were very small,"
Miss de Felippe explained; "then we
traveled a great deal. We came to
America many times before I came to
live here. Papa came first on business
connected with the Panama canal with
the corps of De Lesseps."
"Aha!" I thought. I said: "Then
papa is not an actor?"
"Pardtm!" The little lady with su
perb politeness here choked down a
piggle. "Papa! Oh, no! This is papa,"
fche ran, with the blrdlike little trip
she has on the stage— to match her
birdie treble — to the mantelpiece. She
returned with a distinguished looking
centleman of 44 or thereabouts.
"Doesn't he look young?" she rippled.
"I'm tremendously proud of papa."
"And papa is as proud of his daugh
ter?" .'-;.
The small soubrette returned with
a tiny moue: "Oh, no! Why should
he be? He says," Bhe laughed, "he
wunficif how he > ever came to have
such a pair of mediocrities as myself
and my sister in the family."
"Oh, he does!" I returned. "And
what is papa?"
It seems that papa is a writer of
distinction, largely Journalistic, but
otherwise distinguished. As Miss de
Felippe kept the secret of the family
name I can only apologize for the im
politeness of my form of eddress. It
nppears also that papa had literary
views for his offspring. His daughter's
account of his system or education
v i'Uld at least point that way.
They are the kind of hands made only
in France. So, for the matter of that,
is mademoiselle's English, with its deli
cately precise pronunciation, Its fluent
But don't say that I told you this,
and the more that I hope to tell you
cf the same sort. I think Miss do
Felippe would prefer to stand on her
own charming little feet. She may
like you to know, I don't know, but
I'm sure she would rather that you
oid not know that she liked you to
know! The thing came up in one of
those confidences, sudden and strange,
that often arise between the hour-old
acquaintances of an interview. Nor
*o strange are they. The business of
one's life is to make one's self known
to a few people, with a pitiful, hope
3^55=. perverse stammer at best, from
the depths of the soul'te eternal loneli
ness. But one goes on Just the same,
throwing out eager little tendrills of
personality, in the hope that they will
lind somewhere, somehow, a kindred
kaf and perfume. Yet it was accident
— perhaps prettily arranged accident —
that revealed to me Miss de Felippe's
relationship to Stephen Phillips and
the rest. But because she felt that to
riy kind of person the fact was in
teresting. Mips de Felipne told me all
Fbout it, and you I betray confidence
for in the hope that ft will also inter
est you.
I think we began by my asjting the
little lady how to spell her name. It
was in her room at the hotel, still
'"hotelly." She confessed to having felt
o'er lonely yet — Miss de Felippe is only
r. two-months-old Californian— to make
home of it. She herself, vith' a rose
tucked in her black locks, and in a
brtHtfcfit kfmona, looked like a dainty
Jitt'e butterfly.
'You are French," I stated, rather
than asked, then. The fact is obvious.
"Yes. of course. But is it not strange
that some people say I only pretend to
be French?" Miss de Felippe pouted.
"But why? To be French does not
mike one any more attractive — not" —
with alarmed humility — "that I mean
I Jim attractive. They say also that I
txm Semitic. I am not. I am Just
French.
And "just French" was the little
f-hrug that accompanied the words.
"I gave you a Paris Conservatoire
education," I said. "You use your
hands like their students — very like
Mme. Pilar-Morin. for example.
'"So. no," said Miss de Felippe. "I
have never studied at the Conserva
toire, nor"— she added wittily— "with
Madame Marchesi."
"Well, everybody else has," I con
soled. •
"I am glad you think I resemble
Pilar-Morin in any way," the little
lady reverted. "I have seen, many
times, her 'Madame Butterfly.' It ,is
very beautiful, thoroughly artistic"
"But you, also, are a Paris product,
turely?" I persist.
"Madame Viardot-Garcia taught me
pinging and Monsieur Bevignon stage
deportment," the little lady confirmed,*
but no one — please — taught me how to
use my hands. I do not know how I
use them. They use themselves, please."
and the round arms and plump hands
came out of the kimona in eloquent
illustration.
I was, however, quite unprepared for
the .fashion and degree of Miss de
Felippe's difference. Imagine un
earthing in the TivoJi soubrette a tiny
philosopher in petticoats, a pocket
femme savante, and if not the daugh
ter of a hundred earls at least the
daughter of a famous French man of
letters, and daughter-in-law of the
Canon of Peterborough Cathedral— who
fathered Stephen Phillips, who should
be. as he Is not, poet laureate of Eng
land.
Santuzza with Mascagni, the Prln
ross of Kensington with "Jimmy"
rowers, the sprightly Arabella of the
Tivoli's "Mr. Pickwick," etc., etc., Miss
l>ora do Felippe certainly promised
variety. Her face, the kitten face — I
had watched the "piquant triangle"
•with its flashes of sheer* beauty, its
delicate, vivacious ugliness, through
"Mr. Pickwick"— insured the something
different.
THE - SAN FRANCISCO CALL; -SUNDAY, r APRIL >17, 1904;
19
WITH THE PLAYERS
AND THE MUSIC FOLKLONDON, April ( 16.— The farthing,
which the judgeshave been making
use i of frequently of late in awarding
damages to litigants, has proved in one
case a useful coin. A > West Bromwich
widow iccently obtained "a farthing in
a breach of promise action she had
brought against a faithless lover. She
put it in the 'window of her tobacco
shop with a , printed -warning to trust
ing" women to beware of mizpah ringa
and inviting men to come and .buy
breach of promise cigars and widow's
mite cigars. The result was such a
big business that the police had to
stand by to keep the pavement "clear,
while nineteen men, mostly widowers,
came and offered themselves in ' mar
riage.
AVldow. Gets Lucky Farthlnjj.
This is a. delightful prospect from a
commercial point of view, and the.
scheme in addition would have the
great advantage of enabling Londoners
to use the river as a means of rapid
transit, even as the Parisians use the
Seine. It is the tides in the Thames
that render steamboat services un
profitable, and the creation of a tide
less river would mean virtually a new
means of intercommunication.
LONDON. April IS.— While the
scheme is on foot for turning the* river
Thames at London into a lake by lock
ing the tide out at Gravesend, it has
not advanced beyond the stage of in
quiry, and it already Is evident the
proposal is favorably regarded.
One strong argument in favor of the
scheme is the impossibility of dredging
the river to a sufficient depth over the
Thames tunnel. At present the mud at
the top of this tunnel forms a barrier
to deep draft vessels at low water., and
the courts refuse to permit the mud
to be removed, lest the tunnel should
suffer. If, however, the Thames were
locked at Gravesend the water always
could be kept at sufficient depth . to
allow large ships to get right up" to
London bridge. .
Plan Is Feasible and Would Allow
Proper Dredging of the
Channel.
PROJ5CT TO TURN THE
THAMES INTO A LAKE
- So. too. on Monday night was the
Junior A£semb!y at the Palace a
Last week was rather a gay week—
but since all things are measured by
analogy, perhaps the announcement is
rather rash after the leaden forty days.
On Monday Miss Sara Drum enter
tained charmingly at\a card party at
her home on Broadway. Among those
who tried their. skill at 500. were Mrs.
Latham McMullin. Mrs. George Martin,
Mrs. Herbert Moffitt. Mrs. Henry Clar
ence Breeden. Miss Ardella Mills. Miss
Baldwin. Miss Stella Kane, Mrs. Dieck
mann. Mrs. Douglas Watson, Mrs. Eu
gene Lent. Miss Eleanor Davenport.
Mrs. George Wheaton. Miss Mary Jol
lifTe, Miss Grace Holt, Mrs. E. O. Mc-
Cormick. Mrs. F. G. Drum, Mrs." Sam
uel Biwkbee. Mrs. Taylor, Mrs. Morri
son. Miss Grace Buckley, Mrs. Robert
Harrison, Mrs. Cushing. Mrs. Fred
Kimble end Miss FJorinne' Brown.
Unhappy lies. the head that hath no
country house to shelter it. True it is
that many a good and eminently re
j^pcctiible citizen gives dally thanks for
a town house — just a lone, single, soli
tary abiding place in town — but that
is not the fellow who constitutes the
smart tet, so away with him.
The necessity for a country home in
California is of recent origin. We bor
rowed the praiseworthy custom from
the effete East, where no one. abso
lutely no one with any social preten
sions gets on withcut a hut up the
Hudson, or a bungalow in the Adiron
dacks, or a bonny cottage at Newport,
the latter the elysium of social su
premacy. #
And while these rural possessions
have come to be a stepping stone to
social eminence, they carry with them
a fire influence for mental, moral and
physical betterment. Away among the
hills, by the side of the sea. or In the
depths of a forest the mind grows, and
rrows the way it -should— no dwarfing,
no pettiness, no limitations. Therefore
are we glad that the East, which bor
rowed the custom from England, has
bestowed the beneficent custom upon
us.
And where in all the world is a coun
try home more perfectly a country
home than In our own new Italy?
And the gods be thanked that Cali
fornia ns are awakening to a fact that
the Spaniard, the case-loving ancestor
of our State, discovered a century since,
that oat of door sleeping is the leading
luxury of the rural home and ours by
right divine. Therefore are the new
summer hemes growing up with ver
nnda? ard patios, those luxuriant gar
dens betwixt walls/ where the sun
shines and the flowers bloom for every
room la the dwelling. This is the typi
cal <-ountry home of California— and
may we see more of it.
Among those who are ensconced
amonR the hills and dales are the Laur
ence Scotte. the L. L. Bak~eFs, the De
Sablas. General Shafter, the Borels.
the John Brices at Napa, the McKitt
ricks, the Walter S. Martins, who, by
the way. have taken the Tubbs place
at San Mateo. but will later occupy the
Joe Tobin home. And as to San Rafael
and its surrounding burgs, there isn't
a smokeless chimney In the county
now.
Much gaycty is propheAed for San
Rafael this summer, especially a*r
"Meadowlands," where, by the way, a
charming little party took place last
week, with Miss Helen de Young as
hostess. Among her guests were: Celia
Tobin. Mr. and Mrs. Jack Spreckels,
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Wilson, Miss Pearl
Landers. MIes Ethel Hager. Ed Tobln,
Dick. Joe and Cyril Tobln, a happy
coterie.
Gibson Bowles, one of the special
commissioners who visited the rock and
reported adversely on the position of
the new docks, said:
"In any peace maneuvers a fortress
will always win against a fleet- So
much is allowed for the assumed
strength of a fortress that ' the fleet
usually comes off second best in tests."
Bowles does not pose as a naval ex
pert, but he attaches little importance
to the decisions of umpires.
On his return next month Major Gen
eral F. G. Slade, who has watched the
maneuvers on behalf of the War Office,
will present some valuable evidence to
the army council; but without waiting
for this testimony the authorities seem
anxious to strengthen the defenses of
the rock, especially as regards the
heavy guns, for which £24,000 has been
voted. :
LONDON, April 16.— Official inquiries
of an exhaustive character are being
made as to the safety of Gibraltar.
The impotency of the fortress at Port
Arthur has reopened the question ot
the rock's invulnerability, and the re
cent maneuvers in Gibraltar Bay, al
though officially declared to have ended
ii favor of the fortress, have revealed
•_,reat weaknesses.
Results at Port Arthur Lead to Inves
tigation and Flaws Are Found
In British Fortress.
EXPERTS IN'OW BELIEVE
GIBRAXTAR IS WEAK
Friends and fellow citizens, .what
think you •' of the war that's on— almost
are ; the guns training: for attack-^-be
tween the frock-builders of Paris—
* Doucet on the side of the . 1830 gown,
and Paquin on the" side of "the dlrec
tolrerobe?
But while the vociferous Frenchmen
are vigorously condemning : the style
beloved by the other ' let lus - non-com
batants take a few notes. If the two
styles* are sufficiently good to quarrel
about, then they're 'both "¦ good styles.
Now, as to choice. Let the slender
choose the 1830, with its flounces .and
puffs, and the round and ' robust^maid
• or matron the :directoire;: gown, with
its snug and' affectionate trim and trig
ness. Now, dear. Frenchmen, the prob
lem for. us is solved. .But, then, we are
Allen, Harry Babcock, Edgar Mills,
Dr. Harry Tevisr James D. Phelan.
CHARMING\SOCIETY 'MATRONS :^NdWbEELE WHO HAS GONE TO EUROPE.
Allen, . Mrs. \ * Harry ¦-; Babcock, Mrs.
Richard Bayrie, Mrs." E. S. " Breyfogle,
Mrs. Philip ', Caduc, ' Mrsi Horace B.
Chase, Mrs." ' WiliamV B. V Collier, . Mrs.
Joseph Coryell, ,"< Miss E.* '• Bl* 'Garber,
Mrs.' R. D. Girvin, Mrs/ R. C Harrison,
Mrs. W.' I.\ Kip, •M"rs.7j. V . C - Kittte.": Mrs.
B.'XT.,.Lathrop,".'Mrs.*Milton' S. Latham,'
Mft.*P.*McG.;McBean/:Mrs.: George A.
Pope; Mrs. Lawrence. Poole, Mrs'/.Wil
liamH/Taylor. >William:Alv6rd.-H.F.
charming though small affair. Among
the hosts, who, by the way, 'distin
guished themselves for their hospitality
—and their good looks (but this in a
whisper)— were . Eyre Pinckard, Rich
ard Girvin, Lucius Allen and Charles
MerrilL^^ . Jm£m
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins entertained a
large bridge party on Monday v at her
apartments at' the Palace. There were
some rather stunning gowns seen in
the Palm Garden later, where the fair
card players partook of -refreshments.
Bridge! Bridge! Bridge! One almost
wonders when the pretty devotees say
their prayers.
• . • •
• Pretty Miss Pettigrew engaged!
Lucky Mr. Lemmon! Congratulations
have bombarded both. And at the same
tea that the story was told came the
tale of Miss Genge Butler's betrothal to
Captain John W. Joyce, U. S. A., of
Washington, D. C. . Miss Butler is the
charming young daughter of A. B.
Butler, the capitalist, and a close friend
of Miss Pettigrew. A pretty pair "of
fiancees they are!
Mrs. Edmund Baker was hostess at
a luncheon at the St. Francis on Mon
day, with the jguest of . honor her
sister, Mrs. Frank Baldwin of Hono
lulu, who, by the way, has been signal
ly honored by many charming ' func
tions since"~tier. visit in this city. She
left for. her island home on the Korea.'
Among the guests we're Mrs. Henry
Foster Dutton. Mrs. J. Malcolm Henry,
Mrs. Thomas Porter Bishop, Miss Ar
della Mills, Miss Eleanor Warner and
Miss Edith Simpson.
On Monday evening charity, sweet
voiced and alluring, held forth in
Lyric Hall, • where, _ in . her - blessed
name, a pleasant hour was spent. It
is true — quite true-^-that the enter
tainment .was amateur, but it is. equal
ly true. that, it wasnlt/ flagrantly re
dolent of /newness. In ; fact, j it ' was
quite clever— and for. a distinctly good
caused— the Cathedral- Mission of the
Good Samaritan. •. ' .' v, ;
The following >men and women
made the affair, the isuccess- It , was:
Mrs. S. L. Abbot Jr.,. Mrs. Henry F.
not ¦ French ; dressmakers.
What a radiant time Miss Josephine
Tillmann, Miss Bernadette Robinson,
Mrs. Luke Robinson and Mrs. Tallant
have ibeen having in Rome ! The ; young
ladies of. the party were . stricken ; with
grief at leaving' the city by. the Tiber,
where they 'were, entertained ¦ ' royally.
By. the way,: in St. Peter's was • the in-"
f ant : son of ;Mrs.' Tallant christened by
Have. you a samover in your posses
sion?' What? A samover. is to-day the
proper caper. It is v the only proper
thing with which'to brew: your tea — or
your, toddy — and :^no .well-regulated
household; is to-day without one,- at
least, not without. losing. prestige.
Like all things Russian, it's big, and
clumsy, and insinuating; but It
¦Mrs. 'John Corry was hostess at an
informal : luncheon at the Palm Garden
on Thursday.
: The wedding of Miss Florence Callag
han and,. J. Vincent' de Laveaga, on
Wednesday evening, was the distinctive
event of 'the week, thereby uniting two
of" the imost distinguished Catholic
families ; in " San Francisco, The cere
mony was Bimple, impressive and.ele
gant—and wholly without' ostentation,
either. In 'gowning,* decorations, or other
accessories/— .but "''a- rare Instance of
singularly good taste. ' '
That was a pleasant affair given by
Miss Laura Prather, the clever, min
iaturist of Oakland, on Thursday.
Herewith are the guests who en
joyed the studio tea, which was in
honor of Mrs. J. D. Stafford: Mrs. P.
L. Wheeler, - Mrs. McElrath, Mrs.
Chadbourne, Miss Annie Miner, Mrs.
Horatio P. Livermore, Mrs. H. P.
Gregory, Mrs. Charles F. Hoffmann.
Mrs. George H. Wheaton, Mrs. Charles
Eells, Mrs. Mark Kern, Miss Lulu
Shepard, Mrs. John R. .Glascock, Mrs.
J. C. Hayes, Mrs. J. B. *" Williams. San
Fxancisco; Mrs. Milton S. Latham, San
Francisco;' Mrs. Charles Weller, San
Francisco; Mrs. George de Golia, Mrs.
Al J. Ralston, Mrs. T. B. Coghill, Mrs.
Henry Wetherbee, .Mrs., Farnham,
Misses Van Wyck, Mrs. D. Henshaw
Ward, Mrs. Charles Walkley, Mrs.
George H.. Mendel, San Francisco; Miss
Nora McNeil, San Francisco; Misses
Heath, San Francisco^ ",. Misses May
nard, Mrs. Peter von Sels, Mrs.
H. P. Hussey, Mrs. Grace Hayden, Miss
Annie' Miller, Mrs. Gustav Mix, Mrs.
Spencer Brown. Mrs. Henshaw, Miss
Farrier,' Mrs. Richard Lyman, Miss
Josie Eastland,. Mrs. Wileox, Misses
Rogers, San Francisco ; Miss Violet
Whitney, Mrs. John Heath, Miss
Meeker. Miss Constance Weeks 7- and
Mrs. Rosborough. .
* " • . . ?
Whispers 'of betrothal — only whis
pers, mind — are wafted to me on every
breeze. And they must bear some
truth in their perfumed breath. 'Tis
told that Miss Margery Gibbons has
promised her heart; To whom? Why,
to Lieutenant Shlnkle, to be sure. And
so, too,- Miss Elsie Dorr, and to a sol
dier brave.. Then a tale is told of
lovely Miss Hazel King, of Miss Eliz
abeth Ames, of Miss Maud Born, all
of whom. are In or going to Gotham.
For trousseaux? Wait. We -soon
shall know. • '. : <i-
Mrs. Henry Clarence Breeden enter
tained a few friends at bridge on
Wednesday afternoon. Mrs. Breeden
is an enthusiast of the royal game and
scarcely a week passes that she does,
not ask a few friends to Join her In
a game.
Mrs. Lester Herrick was hostess at a
pleasant card party in her apartments
at the Empire on Thursday, the guest
of honor being Mrs. Charles Edward
Greenfield, who was Miss Elsa Cook.
Among those who were invited to
meet the fair guest were:' Mrs. Alfred
Baker Spalding, Mrs. Charles Krauth
off, Mrs. Gaston Ashe, Mrs. Louis F.
Beedy, Mrs. George Toland Cameron,
Mrs. A. Starr Keeler^ Mrs. Charles Par
cells, Mrs. Richard Sperry, Mrs. Ches
ter Smith, Mrs. Burns MacDonald, Mrs.
Bruce Bonny, Mrs. Ralph Hart, "Mrs.
Charles E. Greenfield, Mrs. Bermlng
, ham, Mrs. Dennis Searles. Mrs. Frede
rick' S. . Palmer, : Mrs. - Julian Thorne.
Mrs. Nathaniel" T. ! Messer Jr., Mrs.
Frederick Stimson, Mrs. Montell Taylor,
Mrs." William Morrow, Mrs. William R.
Klink, Mrs. William R. Campbell, , Miss
Madeline Post- of Seattle, Miss Belle
Harmes, Miss Gertrude . Bates, Miss
Fanny Danforth, Miss Francis Thomp
son, Mies Constance Borrowe, Miss
Zelda Tiffany, Miss Mary Miller, Miss
Ethel of Napa, . Miss Georgie
Sheppard'and Miss Grace Thompson.
On Monday night James D. Phelan.
whose fame as host has spread across
the ", continent, gave a dinner in the
Red Room of the Bohemia Club In
honor of the" visiting author, Thomas
Nelson Page. ' The guests asked to
meet the distinguished .man of letters
were: Frank Deering, Joaquin Mil
ler,. Horace Platt, Professor Peyton,
Lloyd Osborne, Captain Fletcher,
Charles Stetson Wheeler, "Uncle"
George Bromley, Colonel Harry
Brady, Dr. George Chismore and Wil
liam-G. Stafford.
Miss Edith Simpson le/t this morn
ing for an Eastern trip. She Is going
first to Baltimore, after .which she will
visit in New York, returning to San
Francisco within a couple. of months.
On Tuesday Mrs. George Gibbs was
hostess at a charming card party. The
following guests were invited to meet
the guests of honor, Mrs. Kane and
Miss Stella Kane: Mrs. William R.
Smedberg, Mrs. William E. Hopkins,
Mrs. Gale, Mrs. James Carolan, Mrs.
William Thomas, Mrs. Joseph Trilley,
Mrs. William - > Mclvor, Mrs. Louis
Brechemin, Mrs. Foote, Mrs. L ; L.
Baker, Mrs. Samuel Hort Boardman,'
Mrs. T. Danforth Boardman, "Miss
Katherine Dillon ; and Miss "¦• Charlotte
Ellin wood. " .'
a noted '¦ churchman. The party left
for Portugal last week, where they will
visit for some weeks. The Robinsons
will return in the fall.
As. an exponent of the woman who
can cleverly fulfill the duties *of mother
and a useful member of society, young
Mrs. "Wells is conspicuous, but there
are many such well-poised women in
the smart set, Ed. Watterson to tht
contrary.
One of the handsomest youn»
matrons in society is Mrs. Lester K.
"Wells, who, though a most devoted
mother, finds time to entertain and to
receive courtesies from her friends.
So, too, have the Huntingtons gone.
Much, indeed, will Miss Elizabeth and
Miss Marion be missed from their mer
ry set— and, if the truth be known
there are some sad hearts left a-pining.
However, a year is not long. In that
time the charming little maidens will
be with us once again— likewise their
handsome mother, who really looks
more the sister.
Pretty Miss Leta Gallatin has bidden
good-by to her cozy coterie of friends
hereabouts and started for Europe.
Her destination ultimately will b«
Paris, where she will study voice cul
ture under the best of masters.
Mrs. Joseph Sadoc Tobln has taken
a live interest in the philanthropic work
of the past week, figuring as patroness
to more than one worthy philanthropy.
And, by the way, there's not a smarter
looking woman within our borders than
Mrs. Joe — and since she's gained la
weight, she is a fashion-plate.
Mr. and Mrs. Douglas "Watson gave
an Informal bowling party on "Wednes
day evening, when they charmingly
entertained a number of friends.
Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Cather and a
score of their friends comprised a jolly
little bowling party on Friday evening.
The game was followed by a dainty
supper. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mrs. Irving F. Moulton, Mr.
and Mrs. George TV. Smith, Mr. and
Mrs. George W. Casweli. Mr. and Mrs.
Martin Regensburger. Dr. and Mrs. A.
Hazlehurst, Mr. and Mrs. F. J. Cooper.
Mr. and Mrs. A. B. Davis, Dr. and Mrs.
Pierce, Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Graham.
Mr. and Mrs. G. W. Luce, Mr. and Mn.
J. H. Masterson. .V
On Saturday Mrs. Clarence Marten
Mann' was hostess at a luncheon at the
St. Francis. These affairs of Mrs.
Mann are reflective of her very charm
ing personality, and are greatly en
joyed by the fortunate friends who are
bidden to them.
Mrs. Joseph Manuel Masten enter
tained informally in her own charming
fashion on Friday afternoon.
silently cooks your aqua, pura while
you wait, without fuss or fumes, by
means of hidden charcoal, ; and bears
about it an. air of mystery that " 13
surely fascinating. But, above all, it
is the thing' to have! -
THE : SAN -FRANGISCCX": GALL, -SUNDAYrAPRIi: 17/ 190*.
20
THE COUNTRY HOME A NECESSARY
APPURTENANCEContinued on Pase 22, Column 1
, HAMBURG. April /1 6^rThe/ Ham
burg-American; line steamer Bulgaria,
Captain Hamburg; for
New 'York, /is, aground, at; Schula. * ; As
sistance has ; been sent' to : the stranded
vessel..-- . — --"—-— «.,- r ... -.—-;, >- ~4
Liner : Aground \ at Schula.' •
'-:, OMAHA. Neb.,\;April -,16.— The 'count
of ; the' referendum vote on ;the question
of ' removing *the? national headquarters
of -» the/ Socialist- party . from 7 Omaha s to
Chicago ¦¦.was/completed ¦ to-day,' result-
Ing'ln'a/voteof'flye'to one in ¦'favor, of
Chicago."*;: • • y- ---"¦-¦- r -'<-
Socialists Will * Go ¦ to ¦ Chicago.
PANAMA, April : 16.— The,: following
appointments are; announced :: Former
Governor; Obaldia to be Minister: of
Panama : at ; ¦ Senator- Pab
lo Arosem aria',' to , be 5 Panama's* Mini s-'
ter to Europe^ residing. in Paris." . . !
Obaldia Panama's , Minister.
ST.i JOSEPH, : Mo., April 16."— Charles
Llppnian, i proprietors of am electric/ line
between , this"' city arid -: Marysyille.^was
found v deadMri a' hotel there jtb-day.'^A
bottle^of; ; morphine J'was; found I inV the
room'/arid " It ; Is * believed '; he /committe'd
suicide. With > his -"Adolph
Llppman, the; man: now.'VJead^was > en
gaged in mariy, financial "eriterprises: He
was ~,yery..»weaith'yV; I. . , .. : „ ... ./ '/.'"%; \'r
Indications Arc^That /Wealthy ; Citizen
f of : 3Ilssburi r "' .
< ¦¦ ¦-¦/:SnIcidc1-r.;^'>:,- V '""
railway :promotor; : is" .. >
FOUND DEAD. IN HOTEL
3IIXE OFFICIALS WILL BE
ARRESTED FOR MURDER
PITTSBURG, April 16. — The Cor
oner's Jury in the investigation In the
Harwick mine disaster, in which 178
men lost their llx-es on January 25 last,
returned a verdict to-day holding
State Mine Inspector F. M. Cunning
ham and Superintendent of Mines MII
fred Souden responsible for the ex
plosion. Warrants- have been issued
for their arrest, charging murder.
LONDON,/ April/ 16.— -In /to-day's
Parliamentary papers ; the" Secretary, of
the Admiralty says that; the (total ton
nage of battleships how building; and
projected; is as folldwsV United 1 States,
209, 180;/ Great ;Britairi, f 187^000;/Rus
sia, 125,700:/ Germ"any.',"103;907.
UNITED, STATES LEADS '
IN . NAVAL CONSTRUCTiON
¦SALT;} LAKE, Utah, ] April 16.—
James r M.' ; Shockley 'was to-day found
guilty , 6f. : , murder in the first ; degree
with "\no i. recommendation ' of # mercy.
Sentence will/be passe.d'on'Aprilf25. /
" , On' January: 6 last Shockley Iheld up
a" 'street-* car u an'd/in^a"* struggle with
Motorman : .Gleksonf"and* ; Conductor
Brighton^'he shot- and* kilied^both'i'bf
thierrii.v': Shockley was "- arrested ' a "few
'daysllater* and 'confessed "his guilt. His
home" is :.in Missouri. :¦/."'
Utah . " Jury j> Refuses to Recommend
. • Mercy] toir -Man • WIjo K II led Mo^ ]
c -^V-" ¦ torman",^and -Conductor. • '
murder;: in ; first, degree ; -^
: /verdict ; in v « shockley case
NEW YORK. April 16. — Assistant
District Attorney Kressel, after mak
ing an investigation of the books and
records of the Federal Bank, an
nounced that he had found things In
a very chaotic condition, and as %¦. re
cult of his investigation he has com
municated with Inspector McClusky,
who has Issued instructions to the de
tectives to arrest a former official of
the bank.
Institution in a Cliaotic
Condition.
Inspector Finds Affairs of New York
FEDERAL BAXK OFFICIAL
IS ORDERED ARRESTED
| NEW 'YORK; ;April aGZ—Mrs^Nellie
Grant Sartbris,; daughter/ of jithe* late
General* U./ S. s -Grant,'' to-day^* lost >
package: containing Jewelry /valued at
several ¦"thousand'.dollars.'^D^tectlyes,
work! ng £with . Detective ?^ Williams of
the Holland f, j /searching
high and low for the package'to-nlght.
The pawnshops '{ In";' the -v V vicinl ty / ,*of
Twerity^third "¦'street '.were' visited, i_but
without, result/" ., ;-/c •-'^\ ¦>¦ '¦. ' ": ~- : - "'r-.i* ¦:
"' Mrs.* Sartoris can; form ,hoiidea'; of
where,: during an afternoon's/trip .with
friends,' the ; jewelry l could Jhave >been
lost She r was ryery.. much perturbed^
to-- night ; arid I was •" unable Uo igive >.the,
d eteotl ves much •assistance. ; I She made
a full / statement ¦' to "Detective 'Wil
liams of. the Holland House/where she
has been stopping -with iher 'daughter
and maid ' since'; last whe'n'
they arrived from i WashIngton/-:
Detective Scarch/f or, Valuable Bundle,
\ Supposed' toVHave' Been .Dropped "i [
. While. Paying '•', Visit*; V". :/;.;„ c
NELLIE GRANT -;SARTORIS .%
LOSES PACTLAGE.OFr JEWELS
.'LInderman's confession implicates
the four. It. lavs the- blame' for "the"
crime ln'ltself upon Gorman. and Sev
rier and. states that Roberts did not
do any of -the. shooting. , but: was- of
the party. The confession reveals a
system- of wholesale robbery on the
lines of the Southern Pacific, as it tells
of -half • a dozen" crimes committed by
the.riien. The confession clears up the
diamond/' robbery case at Lovelocks
and tells of the" disposal of the Jewels.
Linderman "¦* also' states that Gorman
has a record of a dozen men ; and that
he ; was regarded ' as the « leader of the
gang that* was robbing trainmen and
other !. people along the; main 'line.
: • The ; confession L is made # to take all
blame, possible from Roberts, who is
but . a . boy and not ' considered ' very
bright.' .The -effect of • the confession
.will ¦ have : no: action upon . the ISupreme
Court,-which .now has the question of
a* new,- trial ibefore It./ The other men
who : are; in Ahe condemned : cell deny
all knowledge of the ; '. confession and
iiave not offered . any explanation. A .
v CARSON CITY, Ney., April 16.— This
afternoon a confession . was made at
trie State prison by Albert Linderman,
who. Is under sentence of death, that
will result In the .hanging of four men.
Some months % kgo a man by the name
of Patrick ,Welch" was, thrown from a
freight train near_Winnemucca by. four
men. As he was pushed from the mov
ing train,, after being robbed, four
shots were" fired into his body. On his
death bed'he" recognized the men' who
had -been , arrested for. the" crime. A
trial followed and -all four were con
victed.' The men are Albert Linder
man of Stockton, Cal.; Gorman, Rob
erts and* Sevner. The four were sen
tenced to be hanged In December, but
upon an application for a new trial
the day of execution was to be post
poned.- The men up to this day have
maintained -their innocence.
A special train passed- through Her
mosillo to-day carrying troops. who^ are
picking up the Indians.; At f Ortiz.
General Sanchez and a force surprised
a party of Yaqui laborers, and after
a short but sharp fight, ythe . Indians
were compelled to surrender, and with
them the Mexican troops- captured
seventy-nve Mausers and a large sup
ply of ammunition.. »;- ' '¦ <
It has been discovered that • the
Yaquis went to work • along the rail?
road to secure money to be used in
the purchase of. munitions of war. and
that a rebellion on a large' scale." had
been planned. At the SarpuIIldo ranch
between Ortiz and Lamisa a detach
ment of the Twelfth Battalion engaged
and defeated . fifty Indians, capturing
ninety Remington rifles. The outbreak
was planned for May, when the'In
dians were to gather and swoop down
over the ranches. The .discovery/ of
the plot and .wholesale deportation of
the Indians to Yucatan . has enraged
the Yaquis and. caused a premature
outbreak. - .....'
General Torres personally command
ed the Mexicans in a nght7at Carrizal.
between ilonas Piietas and Ortiz. The
Indians were easily dereated and cap
tured. •
On Friday a Mexican warship left
Guaymas bound for Yucatan ' with ;*150
Yaquis - recently ordered • deported '¦ arid
others will follow. ' Torres is confident
of being able to suppress.the;upris
ing before It becomes 'general, while
traffic on the Sonora Railroad has -not
yet been Interfered with.
HERMOSILLO,. Mexico, April 16.— A
serious outbreak of ¦ Yaqui Indians
working along the Sonora Railroad is
threatened. General Torres is concen
trating government, troops along," the
route and wherever the Indians can.be
taken they are being hurried to Guay
mas and deported. '/ "i'v
SAN JOSE. April 1C— The Unitar
ian Club, one of the leading organiza
tions of this city, held Its quarterly
banquet at the St. Claire Club this
evening. Dr. A. E. Osborne of Santa
Clara, the president, presided. Plates
were laid for eighty. An elaborate
dinner was served and D'Ablalng's
orchestra rendered musio* Judge S.
F. Leib -was toastmaster. The prin
cipal address of the evening was made
by Professor Bernard Moses of the
Philippine Commission. He told of
the work in the Philippines, and said.
In his opinion, no other country could
tia\-e accomplished what the United
States had there. Other speakers were
Thomas P. Woodward, of San Fran
cisco and Colonel A. C. GIrard of the
Presidio. Monsieur E. Lanel, the
new French Consul at San Francisco,
was introduced to the gathering.
l»rominent Citizens Address the Mem
bcrs at Function in the City
of San JosC.
VMTARIAN CLIB HOLDS
QUAItTi:RLY BAXQCET
Troops in Sonora Ar
rest Conspiring
Linderman,Conyicted
Murderer, Tells
of Crime.
"I have never before. heard of this
phase of the case",'' "said John' Russell
Soley, Madame r Nordica's counsel,
"arid : I will add^ that^ the charges' of
collusion in this case 'are f nonsensical
and" absolutely Without ; truth: We
have no fear of /any, other conclusion
when the case" comes up for hearing."
NEW YORK, April 16. — Madame
Lillian Nordica's answer '.to , her hus
band's . petition to set aside .her . di
vorce decree will be heard next Thurs
day before' Judge MacLean "of the Su
preme Court. ' Closely 'following'. -.the
affidavits of her husband that , the de
cree in the first instance was obtained
by. collusloninto. which he was forced
by worry, illness, and* lack of .money,
came reports that^ as. soon ,. as the pri
ma donna is J freed | from * her. second
matrimonial j venture | she will essay a
third \with ¦n-inan of .wealth. -.
g Nordlca r was said \to be
away from her ,home:.at; 12T iladlsbn
avenue to-day.; Neither, the members
of her family * nor; her, representative
in this city, would /.discuss the^case.
Her present : address ; was 'carefully
withheld, although she. was said to be
away on a concert 'tour. .
Avers Tliat Prlnia Donna's Former
Husband Wiil Not Secure a Setting
" Aside of Decree. - { ¦, V; [^ v
XORDICA'S COUNSEL SAYS
CHARGE IS NONSENSICAL.
"The third -squadron, reaching the
outside harbor at 8 o'clock in the.morn
ing,; protected the', second 1 destroyer
flotilla and reconnoitersd ' at the same
time. At 9 " a.- m? the cruiser -> Bayan
attacked . us at • long range, • but * was'
"soon- repulsed. ' The enemy's, cruisers
Noviic, Diana and Askold, together with
the' battleships' Petropavlovs.k.^Pobieda,
Poltava and other vessels,* joined * the
Baya n ¦ arid . attacked : . us.' * ,The '_. third
squadron- gave battle, and gradually
drew the^ enemy^ to the southeast for
about fifteen miles. '
: /'At this /time the first squadron,
|whlch,was hidden in a. fog thirty miles
distant, received? a wireless message,
quickly ; advanced and , attacked the
enemy, which* retreated/ We chased
them ,to .the harbor. entrance, where a
ship of 'the Petropavloysk type was
seen to.blowiup by a'mine, sunk by us
thenieht before at 10:30 o'clock.
: I "Two other of the enemyrs ' ships
seeing" this' showed utter confusion.'
Another shlp.was seen also blown , up
by" mines,* but she co'uld not be^ldentl
fled.V, owing , to .the "confusion^ which
prevailed 'for 'about an-hour."~
"Thei, remaining /enemy's, ships,
shooting water .'from both sides, grad-
ATTACK BY'A . CRUISER.
--"About : the same time they, observed
another." destroyer, coming from the dl
rectfon of 'Llaothleshan. They, attack
ed I 1 it; 1 but owing to thefr long 'range
did -not; succeed • In : siqklng : It. » It -\ fled
and took/ refuge in the harbor. j,Our
casualties were only two sailors slight
ly wounded. We hadno time -.'to-plck
up the drowning, 5 owing to. the
approach of the "enemy s cruiser Bayan.
TOKIO, April 16 (9:30 p.Vm.). — Th»
long-awaited report, of Admiral
Togo describing the seventh" Japanese
attack or. • Port Arthur ¦ reached ' the
Navy Department to-night... The report
is: as -follows: «
/.'The attack opened on April 11.' Two
destroyer • divisions of our torpedo
ilotilla and one- steamer reached -the
mouth of -the harbor at midnight on
¦April ; "12. . DespiteUhe enemy's search
lights, they sxicceeded in sinking mines
quickly, in several places. -Another
destroyer flotilla, with the /special mis
sion^ of * drawing , out the • enetby/;.whlle
reconnoltering on April 13 southeast of
the Llaothleshan - •': promontory, out
side the 'harbor, "encountered ¦•',' a- - four
masted destroyer of ' the enemy, * which
they attacked and sunk 1 within ten
minutes." »; : ' - - — » --"r. '-¦.
/¦_ . Th'is bill Is satisfactory - to ; those ; - in
Congress iknb'wnlas'excluslonists, with
whom *.the IPresident and/ his ; advisers
haye';be&i; at variance ;f6r ; ' some ; tlrne
Vn*the",que8tl6n T _of exclusion. The meas :
' u re'< is *;"expected _ to ', pass^botft i branches
of "..Congress . before .adjournment, -'« and
Is -considered; by.' both* sides ;as>' satis
factory' solution '"of- what promised to
:j " Attorriey " General Kriox ' has V handed
to thfriPresident^hls 'opinion ' regarding
thei validity of t 'th«^Chinese ; exclusion
law.? : He i holds -that -the 'denunciation
of : the,,treaty. ; by>C$ilna does "not; . op
erate ;td/ nullify the existing law, and
t hat exclusion /can ' be enforced j as "ri g
ldiy hereaffer 4 as; under ,th'e treaty. -..,
'/ Tho. bill disposes . of .treaty 'disabil
ity .'/ by, ' eliminating / from • the . Chi
nese exclusion law .the. words "If not
inconsistent -with existing -treaty pb
llgatlonc.V" Admission of: Chinese per
sons.in this country is limited" to ;those
born* in r ther United States,, those - who
are Jspedflcalijry granted : such' fight', by.
law/ and no others."'?., ..'-• • --•"; / - • .*/'
WASHINGTON, . April ,16.—Legisla
tion* intended. not- only to .offset \ the
moye; by China Jn denouncing the
treaty between that country" and. the
United • .States, but also - to strengthen
every, weak place in the Chinese ex
clusion* act, was drafted .by" Attorney
General 'KnoxVand. Introduced In the
House to-day* by; Chairman Hitt of the
Foreign .Affairs Committee." "/'..
Special Dispatch jto'- The". Call.
Russian Vessel's
Destruction
Observed.
SAVAGES
THREATEN
OUTBREAK
tegislation Proposed
. to OHset GHiJia-s
Blfiiiil ;
INDLVNAPOLIS, April 17.
— The Occidental Hotel is
burning. ; The fire seems to
be beyond control and hun
dreds of people are imperiled.
FIEE IN A HQTEL
IMPEE1LS TIIE LIVES.
OF THE OCCUPANTS
HOW THE- JAPANESE NEWSPA
PERS ILLUSTRATED PORT AR
•' THUR BOMBARDMENT.
CONFESSION
CONDEMNS
FOUR MEN
RENO,' April 16.— This city Vis much
excited * over the wholesale*, robbery .' of
the large' department store- of the pray,
Reid ..& Wright '.Company. * ; The
thieves .were" .trusted " employe's"; of /the
firm, -and up to the time of their detec
tion they -bore excellent 'reputations."
The robberies -were committed: ln> near
ly all the various departments -and' dur
ing a period 'of ¦ nearly- .four months.
The proprietors } have -known of? the
disappearance of goods for, some time,
but "believ'edrit the work of shoplifters.
Yesterday Walter '-Wood's',; In '"charge of
Barton Fisher's candy department ' Jn
the stdre, was caught act .of se
creting some of 'the ' stolen ' goods, ' and
the general Investigation made resulted
in the arrest- of " Woods, E. ;. CiVDalzeli.
E.'.^W. • SmIth,\J..*Pr Rains.- Clarence
Woods and Harvey 'Blackwell/'/ Oth'er
arrests >wiir r probably if ollow, some -of
those implicated "being in other towns
at present.- ' ¦" ¦' ' •/.
W. 'Woods Is > the ringleader.' , '"-Smith
disposed of the stolen goods in this and
other- cities. - * Dalzell ' and -V Black well
placed goods where th'eycquld'be con
veniently 'stolen by/the others. 'Their
plan was to<have* the 'Janitor/ pass
through.' the store, carrying a'large ice
cream freezer.' - The goods were' thrown
In , this and: taken ; to -the-cellar.^vFrom
there they were 'carried/to the /homes
of * the- accused. ; Nearly ,f 500 {worth or
goods 1 already been recovered. V^v'. .
COMMANDANT AT PENSACOL.A, "WHO ORDERED OUT MARINE GUARDS TO
QUELL THE RIOT IN WHICH SOLDIER AND MEMBERS OF WARSHIP
CREWS WERE SHOT BY POLICE. • \ . ¦
EXCLUSION
CHAMPIONS
ARE ACTIVE
Cleyer Gp;Iip
; of mmMm
tle between 'three tramp bandits and a
posse of citizens here to-day the rob
bers were captured and brought to the
city jail, where one is now lying with
a bullet hole through his left arm. All
are about 22 years old. One. a half
breed, resembles the description of the
Portuguese In the gang which held up
the Southern Pacific train at Copley.
Robberies of residents of outlying
suburbs have been going on for two
weeks, D. H. Jackson and G. F. Bil
lings losing four saddles and bridles
within the past few days. While a
young tramp was robbing his house of
half a, sack of flour on Friday mornljg
he was four.d by Fred Hoceln, who
? marched him to Ashland. He told
where the gang was hidden and a posse
started after them this morning.
While C. A. Simons and D. H. Jack
son were nearing the old Mattern
Mining: Tunnel, crack went a rifle In
the brush nearby, and in an instant
shots were poured in upon the posse.
Member* of the posse got to the rear
of the bandits, caught them while fac
ing to the front and ordered them to
surrender. All grabbed for their gnns
and the posse began shooting, wound
ing one. when all then surrendered.
They ca)l one another "Red." '.'Dutch"
and "Si wash." and admit their inten
tlo% of stealing horses to cross the
Cascades. . .
Capture Desperate Men. Who, When
Called Upon to Surrender, Opened
lire Upon Posse.
ASHLAND, Ore.. April 16.— In a bat-
OREGON* CITIZENS WOUND
BANDITS NEAR ASHLAND
TRUSTED
MEN ROB
EMPLOYERS
Fully a hundred residents of Duns
muir got together, secured Harring
ton and dealt severely with him. They
then - decided to put him aboard .'the
overland train and send him south. He
was placed on the train, but, on sec
ond thought, the mob decided to finish
the matter differently. Harrington was
taken from the train and j dragged .' a
Ehort distance from the depot, > where
he was beaten and kicked almost^* to
death ' by , the Infuriated ". people. : He
begged for merer, but no mercy was
shown. ¦:.'¦ i':-- ''.w- ; -- ' V :;
The spot where the final •beating was
administered jAvaj afsmalli footbridge
across - - tb.4" Sacramento ",RM5rr,*&boXit
200 yards ;below^tK(^/6<)uthernJ{Pac}llc
roundhouse 'at- ; Dunemuin £7Here|v the
mob hastened .wlth.Harrington/ before
the officers of the;, law/could- interfere.
The victim cried', and ;begged that -'his
lifebe spared, pleading;innocerice of
the crime "with which he' was charged.
No heed Was paid to his appeals, and
in the darkness he was beaten' into In
sensibility. , Then" the" mob. Quietly dis
persed.
Harrington's crime, for which he was
killed by the mob, was committed upon
the ' eight-year-old daughter of W.
Hodkinsnn, a resident of Dunsmuir.
Harrington had been living in Duns
muir for a long time.
REDDING, April 16.— A mob of a
hundred Indignant and determined res
idents of Dunsmuir took B.H. Har
rington, a painter and upnolsterer, from
the overland train in the Dunsmuir
yards at 9 o'clock last night, beat him
to death and then threw his body into
the Sacramento River.
Special Dispatch -to The Call,
Body of (the Victim Reported, to- Have
Bsen Thrown Into the Waters
• ofthe Sacramento. .
Assailant ol a Child- Is
Beaten to Death- by
Reinforcements from the police sta
tion arrived at this juncture and part
ly dispersed the bluejackets.
Later, owing to many threats of the
men from the warships to kill the po
lice. Admiral Barker ordered marine
guards from two of the ships ashore,
and they quelled the riot and pre
vented further trouble.
Three policemen were at the patrol
box, when a petty officer from one of
the ships blew a whistle signal In use
on the ships for the men to assemble.
Fully S00 men gathered and rushed the
policemen, separating them. Two of the
policemen backed away from the
crowd, firing as fast as possible at the
advancing bluejackets, who were
hurling stones, bottles and other mis
siles at them. It was during this shoot
ing: that the artilleryman was killed.
PEXSACOLA. Fla-. April 16.— In a
riot on a street here to-night between
police and bluejackets from the war-
Fhlps and few artillerymen from
Fort Barrancas, one enlisted man,
named Banks, of the Seventh Artil
lery, was killed an* four bluejackets
from the Iowa and Alabama were
wounded, although not seriously. The
riot was started over the arrest of a
bluejacket.
Admiral Orders
Marines to
\rpnp
Mysterious Tragedy
Dunsmuir.
Fight on Street of
a Southern
City.
MOB ENDS
MAN'S LIFE
FOR CRIME
JAPANESE ADMIRAL TELLS
OF DESPERATE SEA BATTLE
OFF PORT ARTHUR HARBOR
POLICE OF PENSACOLA KILL
ARTILLERYMAN AND WOUND
FOUR BLUEJACKETS IN RIOT
VOLUME XCV— XO. 139.
FORTY-EIGHT PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, .^UNDAY, V APRIL, 17fj i904^rPAGES^2r^TO:34^
PRICE FIVE GENTS.
* " THE ', THEATERS. '-.'¦
: ¦ . :'•¦ »^ ,¦•;.- —— — r ' ¦
Alcazar — "Aristocracy."
. California ¦" A ¦ Girl , From
i ,»ixie." - '
Central— 'In the Hands . of the
Enemy.".. l r ¦
• Chute* — Vaude villa. :
"Columbia — * "Manx's ell e Hapo-
•.;•. - - -V:
Fischer's— "Kismet." .
Grand— "Hoity Toity." Mati
nee to-day. ¦;.• . ' .
Orphenm — "Vaudeville.
Tiv^li — "The Besrar Student."
the wBinsm.
forecast saafl t at Saa Fixn
dsco for thirty hour* eadtmr
BtlOslcbt. Arm 17:
San Francisco and rlctnity—
Cloudy Sunday; lirht northerly
winds, oha&ftur to fresh west
erly. A. O. StcADIE.
District Forecaster.
The San Francisco Call.i SEOUL, Korea, April 15: (Friday,; 3:30
p. m.).-rGeneral HarasuchU' trie; cora-
Japanese Will Establish Bureaus at
• ¦ ' ¦¦} Seoul j arid ¦ Chemulpo.'
CENSORSIUP.. IN .; KOREA.
"Late Tuesday: night eight torpedo
boats put.to. sea to scout. At about
5:30 the next morning, when the flo
tilla was returning, two boats, the Bes
trachni and the Smyeli," were over
hauled by the ships "of the enemy,
which! had been.cruisingJn the neigh
borhood,, but out of range of the guns
of the forts. The Bestrachni and the
Smyeli were attacked by six .Japanese
torpedo-boats, which were covered by
four cruisers and two battleships.'Dur
ing the firing a Japanese shell struck
the ; torpedo room of the Bestrachni.
There was a severe explosion and the
boat was completely wrecked. , * The
other torpedo-boats turned back to aid
the" .: Bestrachni and the • armored
cruiser Bayan also came to *help the
Russian torpedo-boats. The' Japanese
fire was concentrated on the Bayan,
which picked up "five of the. Bestrach
ni's crew and ¦ then covered | the with
drawal of the rest of the flotilla, which
reached' the harbor safely..
On the arrival of the flotilla Vice Ad
miral «; Makaroff left the harbor with
the battleships Petropavlovsk, Poltava
and Pobieda s and the .protected cruis
ers Askold, Diana ; and Novik- and at
tacked- the JaDanese: fleet.' The lat
ter ..began ,to retire, whereupon the
Russian battleships; returned toward
the ';¦ harborl ; Oh their ' way back the
explosion occurred onboard the Petro
pavlovsk, which sank in 'two minutes.
Seventy-five members of her crew were
plckedi up, but the' rest, about 625 men,
perished. .Vereshchagin, the painter,
who was on' board^thej Petropavlovsk,
.perished.'v This " afternoon > the' bodies
recovered after .the .explosion were irV
terred."- % ' ' -¦'.'.'"-' ! ' '*'
'<Q MOSCOW.^ April ; 1 6.— Madame : Ve
reshchaginhad no information to supf
port; her j- belief that: her, hueband is at
the ? Russian ¦ •-;• headquarters* * at ':¦ Liao
yang. ; Her; friends {do- hot ? doubt i the
accuracy V of '-. the ; official ; reports 's that
the ; painter ; was .; on >board;the Petro ;
pavlovsk when- she sank.
LONDON, April • 16.-^-A -> dispatch
from Port Arthur « dated yesterday
gives the .following account of the
midweek fighting: '-
Correspondent Describes' Fiffht'.-.In
Which Makaroff. Was Killed. ~
BATTLE REPORT CONFIRMED
ROTH SIDES -WAITING.
Russian a ml Armies on 'Yalu
:'- -Ready for Battle. -
SEOUL^Korea, April 16,^10 p. m.— No
battle has yet be^a^ fought at Wiju.
The' Russiaiis. occupy.^ strongly fortified
positions , at , Chintiencheng 7 . on . the
Manchurian side of the. river about ten
miles north of Antung, and on Tiger
Hill, a rocky promontory,, jutting out
into the Yalu. The Japanese forces and
batteries are screened behind the" hills
; bet\veen the river and' Wiju.
A recent dispatch from Liaoyang said
the Russian intrenchments on the Yalu
had been completed. The center of the
line of fortified positions is at Antung;
the right flank rests on Tatungkao,
about twenty-five miles southwest of
Antung, and, the left at phintiencheng.
It has been" reported that there are
20,000 Russians, composed of infantry,
cavalry and artillery, at Antung ready
to oppose the Japanese if they 'attempt
to cross the river, and a recent dis
patch from Toklo said It was known
there that the Russians .were in force
on the .Marichurian side .of the Yalu.
The main force of the first-Japanese
army to land in Korea is near Wiju,
according- to dispatches from Korea,
and the Japanese are said to be'land
ing at' Chulsart.' .ne'af 'the m«?uth of the
Yalu. ..Thdre haye':been>.frequent- skir
mishes: between 'Russian arid Japanese
troopsVin -.the>; Vicinity of . Wiju. during
the last' weeTc!"" * **
ALEXIEFF IX COMMAND.
Viceroy Raises His Flag on the Bat
tleship Sevastopol.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 16.—Vice
roy Alexieff took ' command of ,; the
Russian fleet at Port Arthur this after
noon and raised his flag on board the
battleship Sevastopol, f'-'y
A number of foreign Ertibassadors.
acting tinder instructions, have ex
tended to Russia the I condolences of
their Government on the Petropay
lovsk disaster.
Embassador McCormlckdid not re
ceive any Instructions, but-he took oc
casion to express'to Foreign Minister
L: -lsdorff his personal sympathy with
the bereavement of the families of
those lost on- the ship. ¦
FLEET WILL NOT MOVE.
Port Arthur Ships Must Await Ar
rival of ."Skrydloff.'.'
. PARIS. April ..17.~The>,Eclaire f s. St.
Petersburg correspondent . says he is
informed that a formal ord^er has been
forwarded to ; Viceroy-; Alexleff hot to
permit the Russian fleet to; leave; Port
Arthur ..before '• the", arrival ' there • of
Vice Admiral Skrydloff. It is the opin
ion in high naval circles that; it, will
not be necessary to dispatch the^Baltic
squadron to ; Far, s East,^ as .the
army, it is believed,, will be able -to
cope with the Japanese forces.
The . archivist; of- Montecassino.i has
Just; discovered ''in that' famous ¦ abbey
a parchment containing historical mat
ter of ' importance '".' -hitherto j unknown
and bearing'^ upon the period' of .'the
struggle* between Gregory VII and
Henry IV.
GOVER.VMEXT RECEIVES
BIDS OX HAY AXD OATS
Seattle and Taeoma Firms Arc Lively
CompctJtors for Army
Supplies.
SEATTLE. April 16.— Bids on 2500
ton lots each of hay and oats were
opened Friday by Captain Grail, quar
termaster's department, U". S. A., for
the Ufre of the Government in the Phil
ll-pines. The bids were as follows:
Ga!brnith, Bacon & Co., Seattle, GOO
terns Pugct Sound hay, 519; tons
Puget Sound oats. ?28: 1000 tons East
ern Washington No. 1 hay, $27.
Balfour, Guthrie & Co., Tacnnn, r.00
tons oats. $26 £5; 500 tons oats, $26 95;
500 tons oats, $27 15; 500 tons oats,
$27 25; 540 tons cats, $27 35.
Robinson & Co.. Seattle, -500 tons
Eastern Washington hay. $23 90; 1000
tons Eastern" Washington hay, $24 So;
S82 tons Eastern Washington . hay,
$25 35; 400 tons Puget Sound hay, $17 50;
646 tons oats, $27 20; 1000 tons oats,
$27 85: 900 tons oats. $28 35; 456 tons
oats, $26 90.
Chelan Grain Company, 650 tons
Puget Sound hay, $18 25.
Kerr, Gifford & Co., Seattle, 500 tons
oats, $2$ 25; 500 tons oats, $23 50.
J. B. Stevens, Seattle, 500 tons East
ern Washington hay. $23 75; 500 tons
Eastern Washington hay. $24 75; 100
tons Pucet Sound hay, $18. '
Lilly. Bogardus & Co., Seattle, 150
tons oats, $27 50; 160 tons oats, $26 50.
Seattle Cereal Company, . 500 tons
oats. $27 S5; 2500 tons oats, $25.
Franriolo & Co., Seattle, 200 tons
Eastern "Washington hay, $23; 2300
tons Eastern Washington hay, $24 45.
SOCIETY FAVORITE
TO WED A XEW YORKER
Miss Alice Rutlierford Soon to Be Uie
Bride of John Krvlns of
- Gotham.
NEW YORK, April 16.— Formal an
nouncement has Just been made of
the engagement of Miss Alice H.
Rutherford, daughter of Mrs. George
Crocker, to John Lanpdon Erving of
this city. Miss Rutherford is the
daughter of Mrs. Crocker by her first
marriage, her father having been the
late A. H. Rutherford of San Fran
cisco'. Her sister. Miss Emma Ruther
ford, married in" January last Philip
Kearny, son of # General J. Watts
Kearny.
Mr. Erving Is : the; son of Mr. and
Mrs. John Ervinc of. this city and Is
related through.* his mother to, the Van
Rensselaer family of New York. He
Is a member" of various clubs and. is
well known in society. Mrs. Crocker
Is now in Europe." haying , been at
Cannes tor some weeks.' No date has
been set for the marriage.
Xcw Athletic^ Club Is Opened.
BUFFALO, April 16. — The Interna
tional Athletic at Fort Erie, wili
open its doors next week with a series
of amateur bouts. It is the Idea of
the promoters to follow these exhibi
tions with professional fights. There
Is talk of a large purse . to : be offered
for a fight between Young Corbett and
Jimmy Brltt on July 4.
SQUADRONS IN ACTION.
'"Again after preparation at 4 p. m.,
April 14, \\f- went toward Port Ar
thur with the second, fourth and fifth
deriroyer flotilla. The nin'.h torpedo
flotilkt reached the mouth of the har
bor at 3 o'clock in the morning April
J£ and succeeded in effecting Its mis
sion. At 7 a. m. the thir«l swjuadron
appeared before the harbor, but was
not observed by the enemy. The
squadron found the inner harbor
quW. The first squadron reached
Port Arthur at 9 o'clock ' the same
ually went into ihe harbor and by
noon none of tho enemy's ships were
seen outride the harbor.
"There were no casualties in the
third squadron. The enemy's loss
likely w;is slight. Our' first squadron
hud not reached the gun range at 1
o'clock in th* afternoon of the same
day Knd our squadron left X.U'i mouth
of the harbor lor' our temporary ren
dezvous.
Continued From Pa^c 21, Column T.
TELLS OF DESPERATE SEft BSTlLt
'The fact that not a single man was
injured in these successive attacks ,inust
be attributed to his Majesty's* glorious
virtue, jfhe officers and men proved
p.illant an^did their utmost In the dis
charge of their duties, despite many
things that seemed beyond human con
trol. The ships freely moving over the
enemy's ground without- suffering any
damage must be attributed to heavenly
assistance." ~. : . ',"•.: ;
morning. Obperving three floating
mines laid by the enemy the squadron
shot and sank them. ' i.-.'
"At 10 a, m. the cruisers Niasshin and
Kasuga were detached to go under the
Liaothieshan promontory and open an
indirect cannonade on the inner har
bor, which was kept up for about two
hours. The enemy's forts and ships in
side replied, but without damage. These
two ships In their first trial against the
enemy must have had a good effect, as
the new fortress west of Liaothteshan
vras silenced by them. At 1:30 o'clock In
the afternoon they ceased firing and
returned to the fleet, - . i*
Prisoners Dressed as Tibetans Planned j
JAPANESE OFFICERS ARRESTED.
to Wreck Railroad.
HARBIN. Manchuria, April 16. —
Two Japanese officers of the general
staff have arrived here under strict
escort, ¦ having been arrested by the
railroad guard eighteen miles from
this place. They were. dres3ed as Tib
etan lamas.
In attempting, to escape they for
sook their tents." in which were found
sixty pounds of high explosives, a fuse,
a string of keys to unscrew railroad
nuts, etc. ;. ,._l.
They evidently intended to blow up
the bridge over the Nonni River, near
Fullardi. The - prisoners displayed
great coolness, confessing that it was
their intention to destroy the railroad.
STEAMER INLAND FliYEJt
¦ f * STRIKES BEANS POINT
Passengers Are Taken Off, but Later
the Vessel Is Floated — Little
Damaged.
SEATTLE, April 16— The Laconner
Trading and Transportation Company's
steamer Inland Flyer -ran on Beans
Point reef Friday morning at 7 on
her first voyage. from* Seattle to Brem
erton. Her passengers were j conveyed
in * lifeboats to the shore, a; few yards
distant, and were later picked up by
other ' vessels of "the line." The" Flyer
hung up until 3 o'clock, when she was
floated off at high tide, proceeding un
der her own steam to the West Seattle
shipyard for repairs. She Is not "se
riously damaged.
TRAIN IS DERAILED
ON GREAT NORTHERN
Cloudburst Is Cause of a Wreck, but
No One Is Seriously
Hurt.
SPOKANE, Wash., April 16.— Pas 1
senger train No. 3 westbound on the
Great Northern was wrecked Friday
night by a washout near Laclede, Ida
ho, believed to have been caused by
a cloudburst. ¦ The engine was ditch
ed and several cars derailed. Engin
eer Neal Munson was slightly injured.
Railway officials report no one else
hurt. Traffic was blocked for several
hours. • • ;
Pays Penalty on the Gallows.
CHICAGO, April 16. — Louis Pesant
was hanged here Friday for the mur
der of Mrs. Mary Spllka during a rob
bery. 4 He. entered the' woman's home
while she was alone!and struck her on
the head with a club. Then he carried
her into the garret, where he kicked
her to death. _>
Animals Coming to St. Louis.
NEW YORK, April 1$. — A collec
tion' of 800 animals. the : largest ever
brought to this country in a single
ship, -.; was on board the Hamburg-
American steamship Bethanla, ; which
arrived Friday from Hamburg. Nearly
all the animals, are for. exhibition at
the St. Louis Exposition. " J ? . /
The official added that the gradual
wiping out of the Russian navy might
Have the beneficial effect of reducing
the European naval armaments, which
are now adjusted with reference to
each other.
The prospect of an Anglo-Russian ac
cord; Is receiving serious attention^ In
official- and diplomatic circles, the trend
of sentiment being. that it will eventu
ate in an Anglo-French-Russian agree
ment. However, the view of .the highest
French officials is that this agreement
is not now imminent, but is likely^to be
realized after the close of the Russo-
Japanese war.
The effect of the Anglo-Russian ac
cord on the United States la being dis
cussed in diplomatic quarters. One of
the Embassadors remarked that Great
Britain would gain from Russia all the
United States had lost through recent
misunderstandings. ¦
PARIS, April 16.— The Russian naval
disaster displaces all other topics! The
view is held, in Government quarters
that it will have the effect of post
poning peace. A leading official said
to-day:
"This Is a further blow to Russia's
prestige, and every such blow will add
to the length of bitterness of the war.
If Russia ultimately wins, as we believe
she will, the loss of the Petropavlovsk
will be dno of the largest Items of the
war indemnity which Japan will have
to pay." "
Russia's Naval ; Disaster Most Serious,
Says French OfticiaL
BLOW TO HER PRESTIGE.
- PORT ; ARTHUR,' Friday, : April 15
(Delayed ¦ in transmission).— At 5 I
o'clock this morning . a' small Japan- ;
ese squadron appeared on the horizon!
and soon drew : off, but at about 10 i
o'clock a hostiie fleet numbering twen- j
ty- three vessels was again . sighted.
They formed in two divisions, one tak
ing ; ,up a position, behind Cape Liao
shan' and: shelling .the shore and the
Tiger Peninsula,; while" the other bom
barded the Golden Hill and other bat
teriesi from '- ( a point opposite the road
stead. ' '.'. The . fire was continued Inter
mittently until '% "o'clock in the after
noon. .The Russian ships re'plted with
an : indirect fixe and made good prac
tice, one shot, damaging a Japanese
cruiser. According • to some reports
two "¦;' Japanese t, ships were injured.
There was no'damage done to the forts
or' the town. ' Some. Chinese were kill
ed and a few Chinese {and Rusiaans
were wounded. ,
Russian Eorts.Reply.and Damage Two j
Cruisers. I
JAPANESE RENEW ATTACK. I
. WASHINGTON, April 16.— One of the
principal wireless telegraph companies
has filed at the State Department. an
energetic protest against the decree of
Admiral Alexieff that newspaper cor
respondents using wireless. telegraphy
in the Far East during the war shall be
treated as ppies. The State, Department
has taken the prote8t> under considera
tion, but following the almost unbroken
practice it probably will decline to take
any action, on a hypothetical case. If
an American citizen is arrested by the
State Department Is Asked . to Con
. shier. Alcxieff's Order.
•- - ... — r—
CORRESPONDENTS PROTEST.
It is believed that the Admiralty Is
negotiating also- for the purchase of
four similar vessels from the United
The Admiralty admits buying. four
large German steamships, which will
be converted into cruisers.
Baron Schilling, the torpedo- expert,
has gone to Vladivostok to take charge
of the two submarine boats there.
Other submarines are going out in sec
tions.
Lieutenant Dbubelsky, one of the of
ficers of the Petropavlovsk, who sur
vived the disaster, succumbed, to his
injuries yesterday, and several other
survivors arc not expected to recover.
Four hundred and fifty members of
the naval reserve whose terms of ser
vice expired in 19»)3>left this evening
for Port Arthur to replace the men
lost by the explosion on. the flagship,
and another detachment will leave to
morrow'. " •
The same issue of the Novi Krai con
tained -reports that Japanese torpedo
boats were firing Whitehead torpedoes
at a range of a mile at the warships
guarding the entrance to the harbor.
Severar spent torpedoes were picked up
by the Russians. It is not impressible
that one of these spent Whitehead tor
pedoes, exploded against. the battleship
Pobieda. -
ST. PETERSBURG. April 16.— The
claim of Vice Admiral Togo, Command
er-in-chief of the. Japanesb squadron,
that he sank mines off Port Arthur at
midnight on Tuesday,, has elicited an
authoritative statement that not a sin
gle Japanese torpedo boat approached
the entrance Vto> Port Arthur at that
time. The Informant of the Associated
Press is In a position to have access to
all official ¦ reports, but he admits he
cannot explain the Petropavlovsk ex
plosion. An admiral haB given a ver
pion of the affair confirming that of
Vice Admiral Togo. He declares that
Japanese torpedo boats came up the
previous evening and laid mines along
the shore south of the entrance to the
harbor. He claims that the torpedo
boats were seen to make oft in a dif-.
ferent direction from that in which
they came. The Russian flagship, he
says, drew out from the line as the
squadron re-entered the harbor, thus
getting among the Japanese mines.
The theory that the disaster to the
Petropavlovek was caused by a subma
rine boat, which has been scouted by
the admiralty/ is revived by a state
ment "published "in the Xovi Krai on
March 24 that a sentry cutter sighted
in the roadstead what looked like a
submarine vessel. seven miles off shore.
The launches from a torpedo boat were
sent out to investigate, but found no
trace of the vessel.
SkvydlofTs Appointment Is Satisfac
tory nnd People Are Confident.
A later dispatch- from the Consul at
Sungjin .to Minister Hayashi stated
that he would wait until April 18 before
RUSSIANS ARE UNDAUNTED.
\ .^SEjSt'L.,.. Arril 16.— The ' Governor, of
the province of Hamgyung, in North-
If orca, has On the strength of
a (prefect's, report wired the Japanese
Consuls '; at Sungjin and Gensan that
forty Cossacks ; have, appeared at Ky
ongheung,*on the Tumen River, and"
threatened that'&OOO "more arc to follow.
The Consul at .Sungjin became fright
ened a'nd wired 'Japanese Minister
Ijayashi 4 £°r;.a j.*essi;L to . carry away
Japanese .residents. , A steamer , sent
from 'Gcnsan'arrived'at Sungjin April
15.-: There is no. telegraphic communi
ca,tion with the\: Tumen region,
and there is. no' news of the Russian
movements in that vicinity. -
The Nqyost} complains especially at
the absence ©f newspaper telegrams
from the numerous correspondents at
the front, arguing that it will weaken
popular interest In the war, resulting
in cutting down the stream of contri
butions to the .war fund.
"You can, deny with absolute assur
ance the reports that the. enemy, was \h
a ny way 1 responsible '- for, the disaster
to the Petrojjavlovsk. Admiral 'Maka-,
roff never left the harbor.Avithout drag
ging . for "^ '-mines. V We ;¦ believe the
Petro'pavlbvsk's boilers -blew up. \ They
.were of the old Scqtch^type... We
consider it quite likely that, an un
exploded Whitehead torpedo caused
the Pobieda's injury",; as "the explosion:
occurred ju3t.at, the/water line. ..: ;
ViLft. Admiral Skrydloff's appointment
to command .the "naval . forces- -at Port
Arthur..: has been '¦'- received with; great
satisfaction by- both; the navy, and the
public. He is a great favorite with
the jackies.'.;. . .'¦' . . '^
Skrydloff is considered to begone' of
the ablest seamen rand strategists ;*.iiv
the Russian .'navy. '.He is 'the natural
successor of Makaroff, whose comrade
he was during the Turko : Russian war,
both distinguishing . themselves. - ¦ The
papers unanimously commend .the 'se
lection In thQ highest terms.
The Novostl, reviewing the naVal sit
uation,' argues that ' there - Is -no ¦ cause
for despair, the'ships left at : Port Ar
thur and Vladivostok still - constituting
.what! Captain* Mahan . calls "a. fleet , in '
being," which leaves the Japanese not
free to act.' ¦¦'¦-¦,: '¦'¦' : . {'^~'~i r
-The first 'two brigades' of . the "nine
Siberian ¦:¦ .Rifle ¦ Brigades >; have : ' been
ordered to ; be converted Into nine di
visions, , increasing . : tnelr numerical
strength to about 100,000 men.
The Russ prints a sensational tele
gram from Moscow saying Its corres
pondent has noticed during the last
three days that -the Chinese are hur
riedly leaving that city, owing, it is
said, to orders received from China.
The; report- is, ridiculed at the Chinese
Legation here, where it is said that the
relations between'; China and f Russia
are good, the last case, of friction re
garding ' the Japanese instructors with
the, Chinese' army.; having been satis
factorily remove.1, a3 set forth in these
dispatches April 14. ; '.'/
' No further details have been re
ceived of yesterday's bombardment of
Port Arthur except that it was practi
cally without result us" far as injury
to ships or fortifications; is concerned.
The loss of life was insignificant.
: All the papers scout the theory of the
destruction ' of- the Petropavlovsk hav
ing been caused by. a submarine boat,
except the Nqvoe Vremya, which indig
nantly rejects the-; idea that v yice. Ad
miral aiakaroff committed
tional suicide by. being} blown^up*< by
one of his own mines, contenwng that
both the PetropaylOvsk and J _ Pobieda
were struck by : torpedoes J fired , from
submarine boats,, afnrmlns::lt8
tion that: the two new Japanese cruis
ers which appeared with the fleet fqr
the first time on this occasion brought
with them a couple ,of English or
American submarine boats, and hint
ing that they\ might have been manned
by British sailors.
There is considerable -criticism at the
meagreness of the official dispatches,
some of the papers strongly appealing
to 'the Emperor for full, complete in
formation,' saying the Empire and peo
ple are ready to make sacrifices and
are strong enough -to accept any news,
even the worst, adding that - the Em
peror's subjects desire something more
than a repetition of General Souvo
rouf'a famous telegram sent during
the' Turko-Russlan war,' reading:
"Ismalia lies at the feet of your Maj
esty." , " ¦
ST. rETERSBURG,.rApril 16.— One of
the highest authorities 7 at ¦'¦/ the : Ad
miralty makes . the *i following -"state-^
ment: . -. . - ' ¦ - t .' r \-)-'-l'. ' : -y :'¦ \
The State Department is loth to es
tablish a precedent} by protest >hat
might hereafter embarrass our own
naval commanders. The matter is said
by a distinguished' military officer here
to emphasize the pressing need for an
international agreement the \ ex
act status of newspaper correspondents
in case of war. .They have no rights
except those accorded by the courtesy
of individual, officers in the field, and
consequently' are sometimes treated
with liberality and again with . great
severity. It is believed the general staff
here has already taken up this matter,
so as to, be "prepared for future emer-
Russian officials the State Department
immediately will, lay down a line of pol-
Scy to meet this novel departure; in In
ternational law. It- is realized that
newspaper correspondents using : % wire
less' telegraphy i in r the neighborhood of
naval operations might unwittingly
give Information of great value 'to the
enemy, , .'whose vessels, being also
equipped with ; wireless telegraph in
struments, ? might readily take up mes
sages sent to a shore station.
mandcr of the Japanese forces here, has ;
established ia' censorate iit his head- •
quarters at Seoul,\ arid, will 'also prob- ;
abjy .establish a similar bureau at Che- \
mulpb," Korea, which Is more conve- •
nient thiaii Nagasaki, Japan." where dis-t
patches -have up to; the present been j
censored. '
People Are Terrorized and an Appeal
Is Made to the Japanese
for Protection.
Russians Em phatically Deny That Togo
Placed Mines at Entrance to
Port Arthur.
COSSACKS THREATEN NORTHERN KOREA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY; -APRIL.^17. 1904V
22
ADVEBTISEMENTa
Get the
Spring
V ff l_' Am
IlaPlU
The best and most beneficial ? of
all habits, by taking Hood's Sar-
saparilla, the ideal . spring medi-
cine.
It overcomes spring lassitude
and languor and that tired feel-
ing,; gives life and vigor to the
whole system, creates a good ap-
tite, makes the weak strong, pu-
rifies the blood, -cleanses it of all
Humors and impurities.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Makes you, feel better, ' look \bet--
ter, eat '.and sleep better.; Get only
, .THE. SCORN. OF, WOMEN,
¦¦;/". . . iiy "Jack : London.
Onc.oftUp.Bc^t Stories He Has
...Told \ of ¦Ttlic: Land of
7vC> tlic (Great < White } Silence. '}¦:;
NEXT "SUNDAY CALIi.
DE. SHOOP'S BEMEDIES.
DON'T RISK A PENNY. ¦
GET WELL FIRST. -
f or jo ytarfcl'rt be« a phyrirfan!
I hare treated nearly two rcillion cases:
Surely you 'II admit that such experience mast hare
tittght me. aome cerainties. . ' .; 1 r ,',
And.— aU that I know ef ducaie and cure,— all
th*t I hare proven to be worth knowing— u conderncd .
into my lix books (or the Sick. ¦
Writ* for a free copy to-diy.
They tell of my rreat diacor*? that practically all
disease* can be permanently cureu through the sy-mpa- ,
thetic Nerve*. -. ' •¦'-'•. "; ' . . . L. u !
¦ Not the fierve* we feel wtth, see with, hear with,
but the h>*ide nerve*.. *, , • ' . .. . I
•• It U lhe»e that -uncoojclcmsly oceratethe- vittl!
Orr»n»,— the Heart. Uver, Kidneys. Brain, etc^
When the inuide nerves ret run down, that Orp in ,
which U weakest in the bosy loses its power to act pro- ¦
*** ft thea throws its wotk op«n the other Ornns. .\
' Thea* Onrans in tarn,- become •fleeted" .through ;
over work, and so, scarcely aay case U found without]
Tkrove/'U ateleaa to doctor the individual Or-;
' cans tnenwelres while the Nerve-power to fully oper-,
ate them wa» Uckin*. ;, ; •.' '.-.¦,''
Sedative* temporarily deadened the pain, but .in- >
creased the distresa afterward*. _ .
Tonka itvived the drooptnc powers.only to insure
rel»p»e»osoona»theftimuluswi»wiAdrawn.
Of what us* to hourly more ahead the hand* ol a
watch U its mainspring- be seriously weakened? • . ' : . j
. . Then is but one sensible thing- to do, vii,— stiffen
' ap the mainspring-. '" ' * ' ¦'' ¦ '. ,. . "'-»_'¦
. That is what my, now famous,, prescription— Dr.
Shoop'f Restorative— doe*. «•'*•' . , ., ' 'J." :
It acu directly upon the Sympathetic Nerve Cen-
ter* just as steam atu in an EngHne. .-
ft provides, through these inside nerve*, the pow-
er to make the weakest organ do iu duty. • ¦-¦<__, -. ":
-It enables weak org-ars to cast off their clonrinr.
wasle matter, and to repair their worn tissue. y > •*¦ . ;
. it runs the human mill, at fell capacity, till that
mill produces enough new material to keep itseJ run-
nier without furtheT help.- -¦¦* — , - ¦— — -. "' ,
So sure am 1 of this Restorative that I authorize
certain Drucrists everywhere to supply it on a month'*
trul.to practically all who write me for that privilere.
- To supply, it at my expense if it fails to benefit;— at
your expense if it cures. - ¦- ' ' -. , ,.
- - The cost is but »>sofor six bottles, including my.
proiessional help dunng- treatment. ¦• •
Could anythinr betwr prove my fauh in thi* *y»-
tem, thin this voluntary test? '-¦• '¦'¦"'. ,
• Could anyone furnish you better grounds for conn-
- You should get my book, which ull* how to cure.
diseases permanently. *¦ '#•* ' - •
Wriie for it to-day,— new,— you can't get well too
-^ Just specify which of the six y/Ki ntejt . , .
Book 1 on Dy*MP6ia. Book4 for Wtsjan. -"v ;
Book 2 on the Heart.. , Book 5 for Men (nanled).
Book 3 on the Kidneys. Book e on KheurnMlsm.
Address Dr. Shoop. Box; 6C.10." Racine. '.Wia.' "
P. B. Simple cases often ¦ yield , to one bottle of
Restorative. . .All drtiKCists carry It iriTiHUUWW I)
But all drug-elsts do not supply.lt on a' month's
trial. You must write to me for that. ' .
DH. KILMEK'S SWAMP-ROOT. ' . .
Tlionsanfls of Women Have Kiflney
Trontle anfl Never Spspect It
— It WOMEN suffer untold misery bc-
CIDS'T IUGWI HiDKiDKtYTR3U:LE I cause the nature of their disease is
¦ 'not always correctly understood: ¦ m
1 h.d tri.d «o n, a ny remedy without their "«">' s whc " doctoring they are
. uvinc beneaud me n^at i u*« about di.- led to believe that womb trouble, or
™ur.r«i. but in a few 4ia r . after t.kimr your iemz^c weakness of ; some sort;, is
F«»:r.p-i:oot I be B s:, to fee. better, sponsible for ihdr ills When in fact
" %a. out or health and w» co*n teneraHy: disordered kidneys are ihe chief cause
. of their distressing troutles;.' Perhaps
v^^^^^v. 3° u suffer almost contitiually with
/yvTr?^\v pain in the bar.:, bearing down feel-
/V'^ /rfa^-C&v ' »"S S headache and utter exhaustion.
/VVr-s ''^8^B^^iCA?t^V^, Your poor health . makes you
//}^^^^^^^^^i0^\\ nervous, irritable and at times de-
//¦* S^^^^-^^^^^S»S^\\. spondent; bnt thousands of just 'such
//^^^af^^^^^^^E^^vAX I • i ' l; "? cr » n S" or broken.dcwn women arc
* //- *«yiwSj'*'':-: : -'-''.^ i^^Bl^\\ ' being restored toTicaitn* and strength"
/ l 0f^K : -^9sS3a^\ \ every day by the nse <»f-thBt wonder-
0^3^rl sS^J^^^M^m \ fuI discovery. Dr. Kilmers; Swanip-
I Why Swamp-Root Givss Strength
\ *^^?^^^^ 6^ ot un! - 7 ocs Swamp- Rogt^-r bring
\ rCe^-AM^ ¦-¦^*^- "-^¦¦PTI! ncw lite anci activity to the kidneys.
\ // tnc cause °f tne traltble,'- but .by
\ \^^.ffl i^^^*Vy^»^*|yw^g // strengthening the kidneys it acts as^a
\ \j^<~~^ "'"**!&?: '"'L-.- "V? 'sf*-~ J / central tonic and food for the entire
VV M^^^^KKVy constitution. ¦ ¦ \ - ¦¦
VV dk^"~%&*$:^ // Tnt mild nnd extraordinary effect
'.H'i»' ' ,^/ °^ e wor'd-famous kidney and blad-
r Y^y'^w^Wlii^^s s* t'er rtmedy. Swamp-Koot. js . soon
* V~U\ t/R<? A t w&i ufo ]§~fy realized. It stands the highest for
y^ MKS.H.^.V>MLK-H. lj£/ iu vvondcrful curcs O f the most dis-
,. tressing cases. A trial will convince
*V; mriWf!t< '- r: a T' "f ;.", J ™y ™c-™t you mav have, a'.sample
r-eadaol.e rrttt of the tlm«. I did rot know " * , , ¦•*-.. - •, .
lhai my Wto^ werr the «a«. of rr.y trouble. ->° T ttlc S f nt ff "« >ZJ2**' . c '
NaWho* un thh muht be. and I h,c«n _ In takin » D^ • ' M*'?. s , S^amp-
t.ki aE E«urr.,>r.cot.^ F a ixve M.ud. Th..* u Root you afford naturd help to;Na-
t uch a pVwaat tun, ta EwamtKBooi. and tt I ture - for Swamp-Root isjhe most per-
iro«. risht to the er ct .nd dnvc 3 disease out of * c^ dealer and Rentle a«d to the. kO&
the f>rt<-m. It har cured me. and 1 chevrfully " c - vs that has cver becn discovered..
recommend it ;o ail sufferers. Don't make any mistake, but rcmem-
Cratefnlly jour*. ber the name. S\va;np-Root, Dr. Kilr
MRS. a. t- WALKER- mer's Swamp- Ro»>t. and the address,
JL ii iicraniei St., AUanta. Ga. Binghamton, X. Y:, on every bottle.*
CBZTOXXbX NOTICE. — No matter how mary doctors you tried — no
matter how much money you may havp spent on other medicines, you really owe
tt to yoMrsrlf. ami to your faruily. to at l?ost sivc Swamp-Root a trial. Its strong-
«>5!t lri«>!u;s t^-d«\' arc thopf who had almost piwn up hope of <evcr bpcomine
veil Resin. So sjcc^psful is S\vam;»-Ro t in pr^jaiptly curing even the most dia-
tr^ssiiiR cas<*. tlint to prove its wonderful merits you mar have a sample bottle
ar><5 s> book of va1uxbl» in!->rmstion. bot'i s»»nt absolutely irpe Tjy.^naJl. The book
mtdai many of the thousands upon thousands or testimonial "letters received
from m*>;'. «:id wemon cur^d. The value r.r.d success of Swamp-Root is so well
known thnt oi;i\ rt-nd^rs kto fidviscd to s>nd for a ssrnple bottle^ " ..* ;
In (riitlng: to l*T. Kilmer i Co.. Dingharaton. N. Y.. be sure to 6av that you
read this generous n£e-- in Tho San Francisco Sunday Call. The proprietors of
this paper guaranty the s'nuineness of this offer. If you ore a 1 read v convinced
thM S\vamr'-rt"Ot j,: vv-hat >.>u need, yo i car purchase the regular fif*tyrcent and
one-dollar si?.» »v»tt>es at iili <irnp stores every where.
W-.. "ADVEIlTISEMEIJTa.
I B. KATSCHINSKI I
| Philadelphia Shoe Co. I
I 10 THIRD STREET, S*H FRiNCISGQ
y Adjolningr Call Builfiiaar.
1 0ur Great Volume of
I Business Is Due to
I Giving Honest Values I
H tDur business is surely and
n steadily increasing. Each month f
B sees us sellinjf more Shoes. anJ
I our success is due to the fact that •"
¦ at all times we srive honest vr.lurs. Eg
¦ ' No matter what priced Shoe you JJ
I buy from us. we guarantee it to 2|
II h«» the brst in the market at that |j \
3 price. We exprct our business to |i
n keep on incre.aslr.3 and to every H
1 customer we cuaia.ntei> courteous |1
H trentment and honest values. £1
C For Summer wear: Ladies' Fine H
Canvas Lace Shoes, with comfort- ; M
able coin toes and tips, fair |<
•stitched extension soles and mill- 11
tary heels. OUR FSICfi ;51.o5- cl
Sizes tVt to 8. fl
I Patent Leather Oxfords. §
|1 Something neat and stylish: |
I Ladies' Patent ' Leather Oxford H
3 Ties, with vlcl kid quarters, coin I
H toes and tips, turned soles and
¦ Cuban heels. AMD THE PRICE *«
¦ SEDUCED TO .St.4."i. Sizes 2 hi
I to 7%. Widths A to E. I
f Tan Kid Juliets. f
£j Ease and comfort at .all tfmes. H
I Ladies' Tan Vici K|d Juliets. B
I round coin toes and tips, turned H
fl soles and low heels. WZIiIt BE £
j sold roa «1 jut a pair, sizes ¦
I 2^4 to S. Widths C to EE. y
Children's Tan Shoes.
¦ Will wfar well and will not
show the dust or dirt. Children'*. "
Misses' and Young Ladles' Tan
Kid Lace Shoes, coin . toes ¦ and
tips, -fair stitched extension soles!
and the new. flat school heels on
the young ladies' sizes. Width*'
CtoE. ¦_•?- .•
Child's sizes. 6 to 8 9O<*
Child's sizes. 8l£ to 11 SI.OO
Misses' sizes, 11% to 2 81.25
Ladles', sizes, 2% to 5% . . .$1.50.
.. '. Our ' New Illnstrat ed Cataloaruo B
Just out. Send Xox one. Pi
B. KATSCHINSKI I
Philadelphia Shoe Co. ||
lOTEOS ST.. '. Surnndseo. |
/wlf^ t W *\\W Is Interested an.! tboold know
t'S'iSi'&M! 1 MARVtL Whirling Spray
\& ! S<Z$G2&$s<a±. Honanl Surfion. H«t-6»f.
' N^^-i^/^ri^Rjfc^^^Mt-Mcit ConTenlent.
*••¦ !••* irwffht Bm" It. /V-. /mil " ' ' ¦**" << **
..MAKVKI.. accept no "2l#i{> ¦•¦_;
other, but wndiump for ' -*'"S& /^^^vTs
.lUnstnUedruok-M'iUtf. UrItm -xV /
f nil par ticnl.irjiMia direct inn* In- Jv''; / jf -
• T»lt»ble toladtea. MARVIXCO., Ti/,A '. M
¦ ¦ 41 trurU Bow, K«n lark. . •., . ¦^U^iil'^lim ,
162 New Montgomery. San Francisco. «.«««. <
William Hattrrotfa (ladles' Dept.). 'iZi Suttar.
Union Drug- Co.. 214 Kearny & Van N'tss & Mkt.
OucooO Bn>tners...7th and Broadway, Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy. ll» Elll» •
X4^P^yJ5 MEN AND WOMEN.
4Hp99"u"*r2UE&^&y Coe Dl« (i for nnn&tcraJ
J^tipt* 1 i*t<ip*H dlncharies.lnSaniniAtioa*.
MUB Otuutitd n initationt or alcoratioa*
¦4bj> act to tuiitar*. of mn e on s membranaa, -
*^ H TrmmUCtmu^am. Painless, and not attria-i 1
¦7I\rriEETmCil£M*ilC0. «»nt or voi«onoai
f.4jjA CmCIHnATI.e.|"^g S«ld by OrncxitU,
IRRS^ C.B.1, 2^3^ or » ent >n plain
<f^(St3k^ br express, prepaid, tor
V^H »5 AStaWni «1 00- «r 3 bottles t3.7S.
|F » ~ Circular ieet on rtousit.
DIRECTORY
V.CF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
A iialcifcua . and.. Fric^: Listi fallal
;.7 ."*>¦¦, on Application.
' PBES3AKD SAI,TlmnAT3.
HS liflYF^ S ffi Shipping Butchers. 1C9
OH! \
LUBRICATING OILS; . LKONARD & ELLIS."
¦, : 418 Front «t...t». F.>, 1'tu.ne. Main ltia.^ .
> ;, panrxiKO. :
I. "». LIUUCJ. Ui Saosoow it., g. r.
ACVEBTISEilSNTS.
mmmmmnm
WS!mfi$Bfc" m
UK£ CUT-GOLD TRIM-
M/r/GStV£LOUR COyiR-
///G - Tff/S W££K 7S*
fsP^FURHiTURECa
338-342 POST ST..
• ' , , XfllO
SEWIN6 KACHIKES fLI'.HTLY USEO.
LIGHT RUKNIKG
Von Know- Where the Dolls Suing
In the \\ 'ndow. '
1051 MARKET STREET
P|ASTHMANOLA|
Is tne only cars for Kerrcn* «x4 -
Bronchial AETEUA. -
Tour Uri;M;i*t ur »« "i"» ti^iUUT fc'T,
t*a fra nt ifcvo, CU. ¦Harbor Bill Committee.
Monday.
WASHINGTON, April 16.— The Sen
ate Comimttee on Commerce to-day
considered v the river and 'harbor ap r
proprlation bill. It is .expected the
committee will be ready to , report on
Loubet Receives . Scth Low.
; PARIS, April 16.^-rPresident Loubet
to-day, received '¦ ex T May6r/Seth ; Low [of
New .York, who was'present^d by Em
bassador Porter. \
SANTA CRUZ. April 16.— The Dem
ocratic County Central Committee met
to-day to select the delegates for, the
State convention to meet in Santa
Cruz. Frank K. Roberts was chair
man and A. W. Sans secretary. There
was little enthusiasm. Of fifty-five
members of the committee only sev
enteen were represented. Nearry all
the prominent Democrats of the city
known to be opposed «to Hearst were
conspicuous by their absence and* the
much talked of Hearst resolution was
not brought forward.
The name of Hearst was not men
tioned from the beginning to the end
of the meeting. The delegates will go
unpledged and a number /are known
to be anti-Hearst. The delegates se
lected were: At large— Hon. /W. T.
Jeter of .Satfta. Cruz; Pajaro district—
J. B. Holohan, Thomas Gaffey and
Charles Peckham of Watsonville: San
Lorenzo district— Benjamin Dickin
son of Ben Lomond ;jSoquei; district— -
Henry Daubehbiss '} of c Soquel; Seaside
district— John B. Maher/and John Ro
ney of Santa 'Cruz; Branciforte dis
trict— Frank K. Roberts and Judge 'u.
F. Smith*. " ;'. ¦ - ." ..¦ :
Hearst's Name Not Mentioned in
Democratic Committee and Men
Arc Not Instructed. • ;? I
DELEGATES FROM SANTA
CRUZ ARE UNPLEDGED
The decision sustains a demurrer
filed by Bryan's counsel and practi
cally denies the application as far as
the Probate Court is concerned.
The matter will now go to the
higher court on appeal.
The claim of the residuary legatees
that Bryan was acting contrary to the
best interests of the estate was based
on the fact that he appealed as an in
dividual and as a trustee from the
decree of the Probate Court, refusing
to incorporate as a part of the will the
sealed letter by •which" Bennett ex
pressed a wish that Bryan should have
$50,000. It was . claimed by the
residuary legatees . that j this- appeal
was inconsistent with his duties as
executor of the will and that he is
unnecessarily delaying the settlement
of the estate. '
In the demurrer It was claimed for
Bryan that in seeking to have the
sealed letter incorporated in the will
he is not attacking the will or assum
ing a position of hostility toward it,
but is attempting to remove" the am
biguity of the clause in the will men
tioning the letter. "
Judge Cleaveland finds that "there
is nothing to indicate that it was
Bryan's duty to resign as executor and
thus desert' the trust conferred , upon
him by Mr. Bennett, and it cannot be
the law that his duties as executor
involvfe the waiver of his right to have
his claim as legatee passed .upon by
the court of last resort in this State.
The precise question raised by this ap
plication has, so far as appears from
the cases cited I in the briefs of coun
sel, never been raised, and in the ab
sence of clear, authority* requiring the
removal of an executor under the cir
cumstances of this case, it is, the
opinion of : this court that Bennett's
choice., should not be . thus defeated,
and that the facts alleged do not con
stitute \ sufficient . ground for Mr.
Bryan's removal. The demurrer is
sustained and -¦' the application*' dis
missed." , - <
The application was brought by
counsel for Mrs. Bennett, -the widow,
and other residuary, legatees on the
ground that Bryan waa acting con
trary to the interests of the estate.
NEW HAVEN, April 16.— A de
cision denying, in effect, the applica
tion fdr the removal J.
Bryan> as executor of . the estate of
the late Philo S. Bennett was rendered
to-day by Judge Cleaveland in the
Probate Court.
Judge Cleaveland Denies Pe
tion for Kemoval in Philo
.S. Bennett Will Case
ALLEGAN. Mich., April 16. —
Thomas F. McGarry. a prominent at
torney, who was convicted of bribing
Boodler Goes to Prison.
BRYAN REMAINS
THE EXECUTOR
make final proofs thereon."
. The House" adjourned at 5:15 p. m.
The entire day in the' Senate was
given up to the consideration of a bill
for the modification of the agreement
with the Indians of the Devils Lake
in North Dakota for the sale of their
lands. Senators Dubois and Teller op
posed the bill because it did not pro
vide for the acquisition of the lands
in the reservation under* the home
stead law. A general debate ensued.
Senators Teller, Hansbrough, Platt of
Connecticut. McCumber and Spooner
participating. In the course of the
controversy Platt expressed the opin
ion that time, had passed when the
homestead" law continues to operate
beneficially, because of the "Impossi
bility of making homes without as
sistance from others. Teller took
issue with Platt's statement, saying
that within the last : four years
40,000 acres of land had been entered
under the homestead laws and that
more land was being taken under that
law than twenty years ago. Without
concluding consideration of the bill
the Senate at 4:10 p. m. adjourned.
RepresentatiTes of Twenty-Two States
and Nations at Meeting — Yerring
ton of Nevada Chairman.
ST. LOUIS; April 16. — The Ex
ecutive Commissioners' Association . of
the Louisiana Purchase Exposition
was- organized . to-day . at a meeting in
the Hall of Congress»,at which twen
ty-two States and nations were ; rep
resented. J. A. Terrington of Ne
vada was chosen temporary chairman.
ST. LOUIS COMMISSIONERS
ORGANIZE ASSOCIATION
YISALIA, April 16. — The Jury in the
Creeks murder case to-day brought in
a verdict of guilty of murder in the
first 'degree, with a recommendation
of a life sentence. Frank Creeks
killed James N. Cornell, a farmer, at
Piano on February 25, 1902. At the
first trial Creeks wos found guilty and
sentenced to be hanged.
life Imprisonment for Creeks.
BAKERSFIELD. April 16. — The
Democratic Central Committee of
Kern County met at the Courthouse
this afternoon and named delegates
for the coming: convention at Santa
<""ruz. Three delegates at large were
selected and ten representing the dif
ferent Supervisorial districts were
r.amed.
The_ delegates were uninstructed.
Two are believed to be Hearst men.
Kern Delegates Not Instructed.
former City Attorney Lant K. Sals
bury and turning over to him the
boodle fund in the Lake Michigan wa
ter deal, was to-day sentenced to four
years in the State reformatory.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., April 16.— The
American National Bank, which yes
terday was granted the entire $3,000 -
000 Government Issue of Philippine
certificates, received to-day j telegrams
from bankers of Chicago, Boston, New
York and other cities asking for por
tions of the issue, the amounts rang
ing from $25,000 to $100,000 and rep
resenting nearly $1,000,000 in the ag
gregate.
Financiers From AH ' Over Country
Telegraph Offers to American
National Bank.
PHILIPPINE CERTIFICATES
JX DEMAND BY BANKERS
JCHlfiP EXECUTIVE OF FRANCE,
WHOSE LIFE HAS BEEN IM
PERILED.
ST. LOUIS. April 5 6. — The St. |
Louis-Southwestern Railroad (Cotton
Belt), svhich on April 6 withdrew its
equipment from Memphis and closed
Its offices there, will next Monday re- I
Rume connection and full operation at
Zilemphis. An agreement with the
Memphis freight bureau was reached
to-day whereby operations will be re
runred and the difficulty will be placed
in the hands of the Interstate Com
merce Commission.
Will Acain Operate In Memphis.
Giovanni is said to have made a
statement that he intended to kill
Loubet during the President's stay in
Italy. The detectives searched a re
sort frequented by Giovanni and found
a lithograph of Loubet with the word
"death" writen across the face.
The men arrested with Giovanni are
named respectively Carzionole and
Romani.
MARSEILLES. April 16. — Michael
Giovanni and two other Italians have
been arrested here In connection with
a supposed plot to kill President Lou
bet during his coming visit to Italy.
covered with snow and the ninety pas
pengers glad to reach shore again the
Goodrich line st^ajner Georgia reached
port to-day, many hours overdue, hav
ing encountered one of the worst hurri-
CBXtej in the history of the lakes on her
trip from Manitowac.
Goodrich IJnor Grorgia- Reaches Chi
cago Port Alter a Rougrh
E*i>erlence.
CHICAGO. April 16.— With her decks
I^ARE STEAMER BRAVES
A PIERCE HURRICANE
Brszec Ttrfnscs to Qnaf&i Indictment
Ae»in<=t Alderman A. C.
WefsenbOTTL.
MILWAUKEE, April 16. — Judge
Braze*, in the Miiniclpal Court, to
j'.ay decided that soliciting a bribe is
jelonious and denieri a motion of the
defense to quash an indictment
r.sainst Alderman A. C. Welsenborn
rrx the ground that, such an offense
xvas not a crime unBsss the money be
accepted. The case will go to the
fupreme Court.
JUDGE HOIiDS SOLECrnXG
A KRIBE IS A FKIiOXT
ST. IiOCIS. April 10. — It wu
learned to-<lay that United States Sen
ator Burton of Kanass, recently con
victed In the United States District
Court of accept!^ money for the use
of his influence to prevent the lssu
ence of a. fraud oroier against the
Tt!alto Grain and Securities Company.
has been In St. Louis In strict seclu
sion at the Terminal Hotel since
"Wednesday. He did not register upon
his arrival and his only visitors have
been Ms attorneys. His presence waa
>arned to-dsy when he went to the
ticket window and made Inquiry re
partJin^ the time of leaving for his
home at Abilene. Kans. H© said he
¦would depart for his home to-night.
Senator Burton refused to discuss
Ms case In any manner whatever and
declined to say anything 1 concerning
his plans for the future.
Official Leaves for His
Home and Declines to
Discuss Plans for Future
.Hemenway offered an amendment
which was accepted without discus
sion, providing $50,000 as requested
by the Secretary of the Navy for the
proper disposition of the remains of
the victims of the explosion on the
battleship Missouri. t -,
Robinson charged that the Repub
lican party was to make but a pretense
of giving statehood to the Territories
at this Congress by passing the state
hood bill through the House.
Consideration of the bill was sus
pended at 5, o'clock after passing a
bill "to validate certain original home
stead entries and extend the time to
The reading of the bill for amend
ment'was begun at 2:45 o'clock and
Baker of New York again offered his
amendment appropriating .$100,000 to
pay for the special train which it was
stated *had been used by the Presi
dent during the past two years.
A point of order was made and sus
tained against the amendment.
:; burial fund.
After expressing his admiration for
the President as a ranchman, a soldier
and an author, Patterson quoted at
: length from the' writings of the Pres
ident to show his estimate of the pub
lic men of the country, past and pres
ent. Roosevelt had declared that one
third of the New York Legislature of
which he was a member was corrupt;
that both parties in the State were
dominated by corruption; while Civil
j Service Commissioner the President
had condemned a speech of Grosvenor
in opposition to an appropriation for
that service "as either full of ignor
ance or gross misstatements."
The President's writings on former
Presidents was quoted at length by
Patterson, and in many instances
commented on as grossly unjust crit
icism. While referring to the Presi
dent's '"constant talk of war," Patter
son was asked by Cooper of Wisconsin
why it was that the foreign relations
of the United States were so uniformly
cordial under Roosevelt's administra
tion. Patterson replied that when this
was the case the talk of war was in
excusable.
QUOTES PRESIDENT.
WASHINGTON. April 16. — The rou
tine work on the general -deficiency
bill was nearly completed in the House
to-day. Preceding this the District- of
Columbia was legislated, for » in sev
eral minor matters. The feature of
the day was a speech of criticism on
'Theodore- Roosevelt, the Republican
Presidential candidate," by Repre
sentative Patterson of Tennessee.
The paramount issue in the nejet
campaign will be Theodore Roosevelt,
according to Patterson, who wanted it
understood that in criticizing Theo
dore Roosevelt, the candidate, he w,as
not criticizing Theodore Roosevelt,
President of the United States. Reply
ing to a recent of Grosvenor,
"delivered in silence" (the speech was
inserted under a leave to print), and
giving the record of President Roose
velt on the labor problem, Patterson
referred to the surmises in some quar
ters that this speech emanated from
the White House.
Solonsv Spend Day Discuss
ing Agreement With the
Red lien of Devils Lake
SEES ONLY ATTORNEYS
INDIAN BILL
Patterson of Tennessee Airs
His Views on Roosevelt as
a Man, Soldier and Author
Ooimcted Kansas Senator
Bemalns in Seclusion at
Apartments in St. Louis
Detectives at Marseilles Arrest Three Men Who Are Be
lieved to Have Prepared to Murder Loubet During His
Proposed Visit to the Dominions of the Ruler of Italy
ANARCHISTS PLOT TO KILL
THE PRESIDENT OF FRANCE
TALKS ABOUT
THE PRESIDENT
BURTON GOES
INTO HIDING
THE SAN FRANGISGO CALL, SUNDAY- APRIL 17, 190^E.
23
¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
IwU 1 Other people do, and
they "-get saliafictory
UCfSS^^ results. So will you.
Myp'ricei are enticingly low. Here ut
& fe«7 figures:
DEVELOPING.
RoU of 6— IOC........-..-- .Roll of 12— 13e
PRINTING.
Sollo finish. '3c to 0c; Velox finish. 3e to «c.
¦ Cameras or all kinds repaired * t -, t "? r
prices. All popular, sizes of ;dayUs;ht load-
Ins filroa at popular prices. Mail Orders
promptly filled.
Ittjfi visiTiNO. Rrti
IUy CAfiDS^o 1 JUH
CORRECT -aTVLCi. AND* SIZtS ALSO
BUUNES& AND DOOfCiS'ON't CABOS'
THAT MAN PITTS
1008 Market Street ; *e£u.\
S5OJQ.00 Reward
If the Fnlic Bios; Tails to cure.' Organic
Weakness. .; Lost \*l?or. .Vartcocele. It
compels Growth and Vigor. The world's
greatest surgeons have been trying for
years to find . some 'practical method of
controlling the . Pudlo Serve, -as .this
would bo a permanent cure, In all cases.
Dr. Burnard of France has accomplished
this in the Pndio King", as it surrounds
and comes in direct contact with the
Fodlc Nerve, which controls the Organs
of Generation. Ho Medicine. JTo Incon-
venience. Lasts a lifetime. $3.50 post-
pald. PR. BTJBITABP CO^ 140 Qeary St.
B e 1 1 c r, ; than money.
Schilling's Best is as good for
you as it is for your grocer;
and moneyliack.
APVEBTISEMENTa.
jBB&m Comfort and Style Combined m Our
The two-piece outing suit was originally designed as a recrea-
§^^m^S^^m tion g? rmen t. . r -5
;^^^^Mw^& To-day it has been adopted by many as a proper suit for busi-
' ness during summer.
It's cool and comfortable, stylish and dressy. Being light it
.fcf^Cfci Kl^i^ffi^^^. must be made right to hold its shape. Ours are' made right. The
v $^^lS^^W prices are the lowest possible for which reliable goods can. be sold.
\S&^&f^-:-\^^^^^^^f W e guarantee the suits in every respect. /We make them ourselves.
Coats— -quarter lined with silk or satin; satin piped seams, bel-
/ffjf -^B^^^^^S lows P° ckets - Pants— made with belt straps and turned up bottoms.
fikK^^®^l^^^B We nave a g 00( i assortment of these two-piece suits in home-
T^^^^^^^f||f spuns, and as we made them ourselves we are saving you money in
«du cmci v i u.uu
'^^ivK^P^p e a^ so nave nese su^ s ' n Norfolk style as pictured. The
I-Hf xfeSf materials are homespuns, crash and flannel. The prices are $10.00,
i|§^^ ipllif Separate 6uting pants in woolen materials $2.25 to $4.00.
W0§ ac^ su ' ts * n reat ''.W' l^y $ P" n^ materials $8.50 to $15.00.
Topcoats in swell shades of tan for Spring wear $8.50:to $15.00.
fi T^vk | ™™^~™"™ I -a m .¥ a- w _^^_ v-^ _j- • • ' 4± : r mmmmm ~ mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
&j£s32 MeU orders filled for feZ> t jkT T \ tki§\§\ IB g A In ordering by mail give
these suits and coals. \9 Jw ?^^ "^^ "^ W \r^ ' ch " 1 ' ivaist and Un S ih
Mlua r""- Mr CuDc >i.L. | 740 Market Street \:™?™<™<>, :
.. '; ADVEBTISEMENTS.
PROMINENT r^MHTPRESGRIBE PE-RU^A
Dr - Lcland Williamson, ¦ of Arkansas, Has'
j^yT^^ Used Pe-ru ha in His Practice
y^jj i ____ i _i =^y = _ > With Marvelous Results.
====:=^^2^^^^^^^^^^^^^^\ "Pc-runa isa Fine Spring Tonic,
/ / ''^(fy/x^^^^-V^^^^^^^^--^^^@^^^. \ 1 |my practice with always tie samtj
vm jrf^Sil f>W/ffi * / iV7 ndk w^/Av3S5C ml "one needing such a remedy a trial will*
Jsz^ssL S t'Jfu 'wtm' / II 'I convince -them of its true merits."— i
W^lwMfil^^^/ =w*cUUy»nrln»:vr*rm Weather Doth.
\^P|^2 r—~ Women are especially liable to pelvic
— ,.—— J-.-T. r^ xSaS^i !• ' catarrh, female weakness as it 13 com-
Kobe K I K , >s* W'/TiT'/lf®// 7\ monly called. Especially In the first few
/ t'f 3 1 iM' IMrlW 1 weeks. of warm weather do the dlsagree-
DADCnTC r\/l r\**^^-^. *.~t-f j^^5 111 j|<\ able symptoms of female weakness make
Kv/DCKI V r^l* \J '* i^ jTV r-?f&^"\ /& Jra //^"I themselves apparent. In crisp, cold
"jjjltij'l i^^_ A.IFwWaTS^JJs QmWi^f weather chronic sufferers with pelvic, ca-
«•••••¦»«•»»•*- ?-—•-¦•—-»¦ -»••••¦ \^r-fif\S^i£^K\ t [l7m$fr c -~l tu !l / tarrh <Xo not /eel so persistently the df-
* Robert R. Roberts, M. D.. Washing-* k jy^p>^fm f WnlJ^—SifMr^n bllitatins effects of the drain upon the
? ton, 1). C, writes: '' \^^^$§£0+ *wV> \ if I I \ system, but at the approach of summer.
! "Through my own experience asl Ifiil \ with lts lassltud? and tlre(1 fedinss. the
I I // jt a i «„,,«/ «,i/ /i./«n//«*^X'^^^^^^S :^%^ft\ S sufferer with pelvic catarrh feels the
Jive//flS that Of many Of my. friends 'fhrtrtC need of a strengthening tonic.
.and acquaintances who have been*- h^^^T M W| Pertma „ not on iy the b«t spring
I cured or relieved of catarrh oy me (i I |'Cl2l/ i: flfl^ :::: 'i win iSifl tonic for such cases, but if persisted in
I « nfUnntmnn'* Parana I can COP'* I IUZT^f//Z*8fl 'iStP? ,1 It I 1 1 wil1 cff pct a complete cure. Write for a
fuse Of Hartman sreruna, I can con * | \mr+M'#fnnFS!=%)r/ |/ ji\ copy of "Health and Beauty," written
tfidentlv recommend it to those SUf- A\M£$ i : l,\/?// 111 especially for women by Dr. Hartman.
< t ¦ i k a. „««//« nennAhnv* ? v5 =^ JW »r 'ATi Mil «^* yfrJF If you want to read of some cures also.
I fermg from SUCh disorders ana nave ' *. -K Y/ -<!%)&// Gr write for a copy of "Facts and Faces."
'no hesitation in prescribing it to ¦ ¦ \g-jfy • jgassaj-f/y cia?ms W i!i vai?a y convlnce you that our
! mv aatients." — Robert R. Robsrts. \\^^^f^Y/4^*yj\w%\wtiJ c a ins are XR
puuoni*. ltumttT *»o n wherever it may occur . Mrs. E. M. Merald. 12S W. 28th street.
• • • 9 't**'.l T 'J. "««I r «acine number Dr « •*• C Qtft'u Experience. Indianapolis. Ind.. member of A. D.
A S OX S T £mT£. nrescrfbe PprunT in Dr. M. C. Gee Is one of the physicians Streight Circle of the Ladies of the G.
rSSlI? nractlce It has proven who Indorse Peruna. In a letter written A. R.. writes:
its e^o^Sw h that the S^sayT 3 StreCt ' San FrandSC °' "I am to-day enjoyin, perfect health,
doctors have overcome their prejudice says. thanks to Peruna. For nearly four years
against so-called patent medicines ana There IS a general objection On I suffered with ovarian troubles. The
recommend it to their patients. , . , ,, ___„*.-/„,. ,,&•,••«•./».• doctor Insisted on an operation as the
Peruna occupies a unique position in the part of the practicing physician on , y chance to get wellt b^t ! had a i W ay S
medical science. It is the only internal a advocate oatent medicines. But dreaded an operation and strongly ob-
systemic catarrh remedy known to the auvucaio paionz mauiuno: uui My husband felt disheartened as
medical profession to-day. Catarrh, as nhon any One medicine Cures hund- we ll as I. and when a friendly druggist
every one will admit, is the cause of one- , , nann u .* Hnmanstratos its advised him to bring me a bottle of Pe-
half the diseases which afflict .mankind, reas OT people, IT aemonSTraies ITS runa he dld 8O and & ! started to UB9 lt
Catarrh and catarrhal diseases anllct Qwn va l ue and does not need the en- In a short time my health began to In-
one-half the people of the United States. , , / .. __-/..-,-_ crease. Within eighteen weeks I was
Catarxi May Invade Any Orran of the dorsement Of the profession. llke anotn er being— in splendid health.-
Body. " Peruna has performed so many „ ; r «,tnrrh W**
Catarrh may invade .any organ of the d M cures m San FranciSCO P eS?e lly Per^ 'StcSS f caterr" Proml-
pS "? — f|m^ni^J£k^ that , am convinced that, t is a vafu- itt^^J^'iXg&WSZ
u^n trJsa^s^^sesTf -SSS"^ able remedy. I have frequently ad- to come -t^n public print^o
tie lungs -stomach . kldneya > bladder^and vl5ed ,f s use for women, OS I find it n^edVb™ an Intent systemfc^
oth^pelvic organs ha.e been cured by _ regu/ar and pointsmen- ¦<*>*** «**
evM^. 1 ; S\ e oStA u ? y ?t? r d^aJ: struation,: cures levcorrhoea and J f you J Mt derlve prompt and satis .
tion upon the mucous membranes. Ca- ovarian troubles and OUllaS up the factory results from the use of Peruna,
br r a r n h .s me peruna n acS e at ' S^tS cieS entire system. / also considerit one SfttSU-ert^f^fSSrSi/BJ^il
and invigorate the catarrhal condition of x al q fi nes f catarrhal remedies I *>« pleased to give you his valuable ad-
the mucous membrane no matter where "*' v i ce gratis.
it may occur in the body. Its action -is know of. . I heartily endorse your Add ' Dr Hartman President of The
medicine/'-M. C. Gee, M. D. Td^&SSS^SS?™™*¦ The- case'of ! George. Beries, charged
with murder, ..was , set , for trial on
April 21; by Judge Dunne yesterday.
Benes caine from/ Los "Angeles and
called upon his; wife,- who? was em
ployed at the; Humbbldt; House, 1309
Stockton street. f ; She had; left: him and
because she' refused to '* return to him
he shot and killed her. r He attempted
to Wll himself,* but only -succeeded in
inflicting -a superficial wound.
feenes Case Set for Trial.
Small farming is constantly increas
ing in Russia. ~ 7. \
There i# n6thlng of great moment
to come up before the grand body
aside from the election of grand of
ficers for the current term.- - L. G.
Wolfe, who is closing his second term
as , grand ; protector/ is spoken of; as a
possible ¦ candidate for a third term.
Mrs. Frances J. Williams, who for two
successive terms has "been the vice
grand protector, - is in line for promo
tion should she decide to be advanced.
In case she decides not. to be a candi
date it is 1 likely that A*. Gompertz,
grand treasurer, may'be asked to run
for that office. W. . H. QultzOw, the
faithful : grand secretary," Is up to the
present .-time " without ' an opponent. ,
• The -r .next -session of . the Grand
Lodge of the. Knights and". Ladies "of
Honor of • California -will commence
next Tuesday in' Pythian Castle. The
session will last two days and the
night before the ' meeting the grand
officers and the delegates from the
several lodges j in the order, number
ing in all about eighty,* will be enter
tained In Union Square Hall ,by Auro
ra'Lodire No. 202. . • w^'vc
Annual Convention ' to Listen * to Re
ports of Work and Elect New
• ' .; ¦ "Officers..'. ' s '- ; '-'>' 1
KNIGHTS AND LADIES
GRAND LODGE SESSION
. Next Tuesday night Mission Lodge
No. 296 of the Fraternal Brotherhood
will give an entertainment and dance
in Mission Opera Hall. .A good se
lection of modern dances has been ar
ranged for that evening.
Mission Fraternal Brotherhood.'
THOUSANDS OF DEAD
SHEEP OS THE RANGES
Rigorous Winter in Montana Causes
a Heavy Ixws to the
Stockmen.
BUTTE, Mont, April 16. — A Glen
dive, MontJ. -dispatch says: The melt
ing snows have disclosed thousands of
dead sheep'on the ranges. 'The loss by
the winter snows, while not unsually
heavy, is serious. •• Hundreds' -of
men are skinning:- the' sheep- -and
burning the remains to prevent an epi
demic." -¦ t". ' '•* ' ¦ -' ¦ "• . ¦¦ -.
-MYSTERY IN DEATH ' .
OF EDITOR O'BRIEN
Coroner's Jnry Unable to Fix Respon
* . ~ 6lbillty for the Fatal
Injuries.
' ST. LOUIS, April 16. — The inquest
into the cause of the death of Charles
O'Brien* editor of the American Celt,
who dle'd apparently from injuries re
ceived in an assault, was concluded
to-day. The Coroner's jury returned
a verdict declaring the cause of
O'Brien's death to be unexplained. ¦
CHURCH , IS WRECKED BY
EXPLOSION OP DYNA3UTE
Kdlnce Is Filled With
• i~ • • People ; V-V -}.
Vandals Commit- an Outrage While
EVANSVILLE, Ind., April .16.— A
stick of dynamite inserted in an Iron
tube was placed under the. front end
of the Evening Lights Church at
Blackburn while the building was
filled with people and exploded. One
end of the building was torn out, A
panic ensued and several persons were
hurt. No one was killed.
Many Employes Out of Work.
JOLIET, III., April 16. — Nearly
1500 employes of the Illinois Steel
Company were thrown out of work to
day £or an Indefinite period by the
collapse of " the roughing engines in
the billet mill. The huge machine Is
a total wreck
Darrach said "The Tempest" was
one of the last plays written by
Shakespeare and he believed in the
passage 'Where Prospero bids farewell
to his art of sorcery the author meant
to announce the fa»t that he was bid
ding, farewell to his art as a.dramatic
writer. Darrach was loudly applaud
ed at the conclusion of the recital and
was called back several times before
the reluctant audience filed out of the
haii. ¦¦ .-:>;-¦, .,.;. \.
Marshall Darrach treated a large
audience . in Steinway Hall yesterday
afternoon to the last, of a series of
Shakespearean recitals. His subject
was "The Tempest." From the open
ing of the play to the last scene be
fore the cell of Prospero, Darrach re
cited the most important lines and in
terpreted the idea? of Shakespeare In
an able manner.
Lovers of Shakespeare Hear Last of
Series of Interesting Lectures and
Recitations. - ]
DARRACH CLEVERLY GIVES
RECITAL- OF "THE TEMPEST"
Denver Society and Clnb Man Must.
Pay a Heavy \ Penalty for
His Peculations.
DENVER, Colo., April 16. — Herbert
F. Mellen was to-day sentenced to the
State penitentiary for a term of from
four to five years for embezzlement of
funds of the International Trust Com
pany, for which he was teller. He
was arrested last night on a bench
warrant, pleaded guilty when ar
raigned before Judge S. L. Carpenter
in the Criminal Court to-day and was
taken to the prison at Canyon City this
afternoon. The amount embeatled has
not been definitely ascertained,, but is
known to be between $10,000 and
$30,000.
Mellen has been one of the most
prominent society and club men In the
city. He is a bachelor.
EMBEZZLING TELLER
SENTENCED TO PRISON
All the kerosene, the leaf tobacco and
the pine lumber used In Liberia is
fchtpped from America by way of Eng
land.
SOIUX CITY, April 16.— Mayor Bunn
Ct Washta was perhaps fatally shot by
Henry Thompson, a well digger, whom
the Mayor had ordered placed under
arrest for disorderly conduct The Mar
shal attempted to make the arrest, but
Thompson resisted and escaped. He
then procured a revolver and hunted
up the Mayor, firing three shots at him,
one of which t&ok effect in Mayor
Bunn's neck. A mob of 100 men at
tempted to lynch Thompson, but the
Sheriff got his prisoner on board of a
train and escaped., I
Laborer Resists Marshal
and, Escaping, Wounds
Executive of Iowa Town
An Affair to Help an Organization
That Is Aiding the Sick and"
Distressed.
The ground plans for the carnival
and celebration 1 to be given in aid of
the general relief committee of the
Foresters of America at Eleventh and
Market streets have been completed.
The plans show that the buildings and
ground will cover four 'and a half
acres, divided into four courts, with
streets separated by arches and elec
tric *light towers. The main entrance
to the grounds will be on Market
street and will open into the industrial
plaza, where there will be an exhibit
of California products and Industries.
To the west -of the plazaithercwlll be
the golden gates with electric towers
surmounted . by statues representing
California and progress. . This will
lead to the "magic city," which, it Is
said, will be a novelty in the line of
exhibits in affairs of this character.
Among the attractions will be a re
production of the old Roman' stadium
•with chariot races and ancient Roman
sports. ;J' ; "'^
The relief committee has sippbinted
a committee to inspect and pass upon
each show. There wJJl be the selec
tion of a carnival queen from among
the members of the Compa'nions of
the Forest of America.
TONOPAH, Nev., April 13.— Curt Kendall,
who was shot at Goldfleld Wednesday, by H.
Sharp, died last night. The body is en route
to Tonopah and will be forwarded to' his par
ents' home In Provo, Utah. Sharp has been
taken to Hawthorne for preliminary exam
ination.
WELLDIGGER
SHOOTS MAYOR
Father Joseph HIckey will preach
at the 10:30 mass at St. Ignatius
Church this morning. Rev. " Father
Forhan will preach In the evening.
The mission which is now In prog
ress at St. Patrick's Church will hold
services this week for young women.
"O Salutaris" (Rosseau); "Tantum
Ergo" (Widor), soloists, Miss Ella V.
McCIoskey and J. J. Rosborough;
"Jubilate Deo" (Stewart); organ solo,
fantasia on themes from Wagner;
motet, "Vlctimae Paschali" (Stewart);
solo, "Hear Ye. Israel" (Mendels
sohn), Mrs. -B. Apple; motet, "Bone
Pastor" (Vivet); solo, "Salve Regina"
(Von Wilm), Miss C&mllle Prank;
solo, ' "Panis Angellcus"" '(Ceasar
Frank),- T. G. Elliott; solo. "Where"
Have They Laid Him?" (Sullivan),*
Mrs. Jenkins; organ postlude,' march
in D (Best). Dr. H. J. Stewart, or
ganist and director of the choir.
H. J. McCoy will give an illustrated
talk at the Young Men's Christian As
sociation this afternoon at 3 o'clock.
His subject will be M A Barrel of Boys."
There will be music by the orchestra'
and also several vocal selections.
The usual monthly programme of
sacred music will be given at St.
Dominic's Church this evening. There
will be litany, with sermon, at 7:30,
followed by the benediction of the
most holy sacrament. The pro
gramme at benediction follows:
Monthly Programme Will Be Ren
dered This Evening— Illustrated
Lecture at Y. 31. C. A.
Native Sons* parlors of this county
and adjacent counties have arranged
an interesting programme in celebra
tion of the launching of the cruiser
California from the Union Iron Works
yard. ¦ The vessel will be slipped from
the ways oh the. afternoon of April 28
and In the evening a committee from
the parlors will entertain in honor of
the event at Woodward Pavilion. A
great crowd from surrounding coun
ties is assured. - . .,
• Following ..is the .programme ar
ranged: "' ¦"'* /¦"";¦' _".- • \
Overture, "American Republic," Naval
Battalion Band; Introductory, Hon. Joseph R.
Knowland; "California," Governor Oeorpe C.
Pardee; "Union Iron Work»," Henry T. Scott;
mualc, "Southern Melodies," band; "Th*
Navy," Captain C.-.B. -T. Moore, U. S. N.;
"Star-Spangled Banner," Mls» Etta O'Brien
and chonw;- "United .States Army." Major
General Arthur MacArthur, U. 8, A.; music,
"Stare and Btrlpei Forever." band: address,
Hon. James D. Phelan; "The Man Behind th»
Gun," chorus of 200 volc«s under the direction
of Professor John W. McKenzle: "San Fran
cisco." Mayor Eugene E. 8chmlt«; "Native
Daughters," ! Grand President Mlw Stella
Flnkeldey; music, selections, band; "Native
Sone," Grand President H. R. McNoble; vocal
¦olo, "My Own United States," Oscar Frank*
and chorus: "Home, Sweet Home." ¦. ¦
Arrange Programme for Event of
Cruiser California's Being Slid
From the Ways.' .
Three Bi^ Refinery Tanks Are
Burned, Ijitallinjr a Loss
of $125,000.
BEAUMONT. Tex.. April 16. — Fire
in the Gulf Refinery property at Port
Arthur, which raged tor many hours,
was brought under control to-day
after having inflicted damage amount
ing to Jl 25,000. The refinery was not
damaged, but three steel tanks and
their contents were destroyed.
FIRi: AT I»OKT ARTHUR
CAUSES GR114.T DAMAGE
NATIVE SONS WILL
CELEBRATE LAUNCHING
SACRED MUSIC WIMJ BE
:;. . GIVEN AT ST.. DO3JINICS
FORESTERS' COMMITTEE
"TO" HAVE A CARNIVAL
In the nurses' department ._ two
trained nurses are supported by the
Crocker and .Hearst funds. The of
fice of the Associated Charities Is their
headquarters and they .devote • their
whole time to the visiting of such of
the destitute .sick ;as are brought to
their notice through ..the. office. These
nurses are > at: the" call;df the legit
imate charities; of. the 'city or of any
doctor doing work among the poor.
The students' department Is now an
organized branch of the Associated
Charities work and has, through the
pressure of conditions and circum
stances, taken such shape that its
complete organization. during. the year
lffO3 . appears -, imperative.. Its , pur
poses are, first, , in co-operation with
the Boys' and Girls* Aid Society, Hhe
Society for Prevention of Cruelty '.to
Children and the California" Club, to
support probation. officers for the Ju
venile court; second, to maintain -a
traveling agent, with headquarters at
the office of the Associated Charities,
who shall be at the call of the chil
dren's homes of '¦'• the* : vicinity ¦ and
wriose .duty it shall" be to keep In
touch with the children placed; out in
homes by these \ institutions and •• to
find suitable homes ; for. such .other
children' as 'these Institutions may de
sire to place out; third, to establish
an investigating agency, which . shall
offer its services -to the "children's in
stitutions for the investigation of their
applicants for admission." ; '
The legislative department was es
tablished in 1902. and is In charge of
a special committee of the central
council. Its object is to familiarize
itself with the charitable situation in
California, so as to be able to formu
late and secure the passage of needed
legislation in this field and to oppose
the passage of vicious measures. -
Previous to the last session of the
Legislature this legislative committee
prepared a bill creating a State Board
( of Charities. and Corrections; another
making possible the probation of
criminals where the court finds;. the
circumstances to* justify such action
and, in co-operation with the Califor
nia Club, a bill for a juvenile courtf,
All these were introduced. into rne
Legislature, a- vigorous . campaign | was
conducted under the auspices of the
committee, a representative being kept
at the capital during the entire term
and delegations from the committee
making frequent visits in % the inter
ests ' of this ' legislation. ' As a result
all the bills were successfully passed
and were signed by the Governor.
NURSES' DEPARTMENT.
For the use of those , engaged in
charitable work the Associated Chari
ties keeps a record of all "cases apply
ing'to its office or rep'orted\by any co
operating society. This record now
comprises the history of some 2500
c&es. Its constant " use by charity
workers prevents duplication and
makes it possible to discriminate be
tween the chronic pauper and those
in temporary need. . ,<•
Wherever possible some plan is for
mulated whereby the person or fam
ily may be restored to a position of in
dependence. In the carrying out of
this plan the Associated Charities calls
into 'service whatever agencies the
special neeji may require. Thus,
through its position as a center of
co-operation, the Associated \ Charities
is able to .bring to the assistance of
any particular the charitable re
sources of the community.
To the application and investigation
bureau societies and individuals may
send those .who ask them for assist
ance. The bureau commands the ser
vices of experienced agents, who de
vote their time to making a careful
study V)f the circumstances of each
person' referred to them in order to
determine, first, whether assistance of
any sort; is really needed, and, second,
if such assistance is needed, how it
can be" most effectively given.
In view of the fact that great in
terest was* aroused by the State con
ference of charities held in this city
Jast February, "it has" been decided by
the' Associated Charities to hold a sup
plemental meeting. ' This - extra con
ference will take place at the Young
Men's Christian Association building,
corner of Ellis and Mason streets, on
the evening of April' 21.
• Katherihe Felton, general secretary
of the Associated Charities, will give'
an outline of the work done in the
last two years. Mrs. John F. Merrill
will explain all about the work of the
children's. , department. Fairfax , H.
Whelan will' speak ,of the juvenile
court.. Andrew Davis, chairman .of
the charities indorsement committee,
will tell about the civic function of the
Associated Charities.
The work of the organization is di
vided into the following departments:
Indorsement committee, application
and investigation bureau, registration
bureau) legislation, training school for
nurses and children's department.
The indorsement committee was or
ganized by the Merchants' Association
and the Associated Charities to pro
tect the community from fraudulent
and inefficient charities. It is the
function of. this committee to investi
gate all organizations applying to it
for indorsement and to issue its of
ficial card to such as are doing hon
est and efficient work. The office force
of the Associated Charities is the in
vestigating agency for this committee,
and the Associated Charities has as
sumed all expenses incident to this
department of work.
. APPLICATIOX BUREAU.
The Judge' fixed the "Value of the es
tate at J3.040.1S7 75, and' ordered $126,000
reserved to meet any litigation, that
amount, or the balance remaining after
paying any legitimate claims, to be
distributed to the heirs. * .\
In the estate of Mrs. Caroline D. Fair
a partial distribution was ordered to
Mrs. Joseph D. Harvey. Mrs. Fair had
bequeathed to her a sable cape, a dia
mond fleur-de-lis and. a diamond sun
burst. The cape had been lost or stolen
in a fur store In Paris, and $942 had
been paid in lieu thereof by the" fur
riers. Mrs. Harvey was allowed this
sum and also the fleur-de-lis and the
sunburst, which were in the possession
of the administrator. The final distri
bution of Mrs. Fair's estate will be
made in a few days.
Attorneys Lloyd & Heggerty repre
sented the administrator, and Captain
John F. Seymour was also present to
be in readiness if any unexpected ob
jection was made to the final distribu
tion. '
SUM IS RESERVED.
Charles S. Neal testified that he had
charge for years of the estate of the
late James L. Fair fcnd.knew the. value
of the properties. The appraised value
of 'the late Charles L. Fair's estate at
the time of his death,- on August 14,
1902, was $3,0*40,187 75. Since that time
the value of the realty had increased,
but there had been a decrease in the
value of the personality. Mrs. Hannah
Nelson, Mrs. Fair's mother, had been
paid $125,000 in settlement of her claim
against the estate. '
Mrs. Margaret Melbourne testified
that she had been Mrs. Fair's maid
for seven years prior to her death. She
saw Mr. and Mrs. Fair at a hotel in
Trouville, France, shortly before they
met with the accident that caused their
death. She saw them leave In an auto
mobile to go to Paris to the Hotel Rltz,
where they intended to stop for a day
and then return to Trouville. She heard
of their death at Passy sur Eure and
hurried there In an automobile, .where
she saw their dead bodies In the Berson
chateau. She detailed what she learned
about '.the i accident and their deaths.
The bodies were removed from the
Berson ' chateau"- to the ' Church of the
Madel&ine, In' Paris. No child was
born of the marriage to her knowledge.
The final distribution in the estate of
the late Charles L. Fair was, made yes
terday by Judge Cook, and all rumors
ab'out contests on behalf of his wife's
relatives and a mysterious heir were
proved to have been groundless. The
only opposition was made by the at
torney for Nicholas Rooney, who claims
$75,000 from the estate of the late
James G. Fair, and an attorney for an
other claimant against that' estate to
the extent of $1040." Their opposition
was set aside by the fact that an
amount was reserved from Charles L.
Fair's estate to cover these amounts
and other claims that are in litigation.
Hermann Oelrichs, the administrator
Of Charles L. : Fair estate, was called
and testified as to the sale of bonds
and other securities to meet necessary
expenses and claims amounting to
$190,000. Several suits were pending
against the late James G. Fair's es
tate, he said, and it would be ; neces
sary to reserve an amount to carry on
the litigation and • also to pay taxes.
All claims against Charles L. Fair's
estate had been paid, he said. The de
ceased left no direct heir, and his heirs
were bis two surviving sisters, Mrs.
Oelrichs and Mrs. Virginia Vanderbilt.
The deceased had survived his wife.
VALUE OF THE ESTATE.
Arrangements Are Made for
Speeches on Subjects of
General Public Interest
Hermann 'Oelrichs, Adminis
trator, Tells of Settlement
of All the" Disputed Claims
PROGRAMME PREPARED
XO CONTEST IS OFFERED
Judge Cook Divides Estate of
the Late Charles L. Fair
Among His Heirs at Law
Associated Charities Plans
to Supplement February
Conference With Meeting
ORDERS FINAL
DISTRIBUTION
LEADERS WILL
EXPLAIN WORK
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1904.
24
r i, Fortune? . have been made in
San Francisco v Real ; ; Estate-
Splendid cl.dnccs yet remain.
; See ' ; choice : bargains ; adver-
tised in classified ads. \ l -; : : '"~'
AD VERTISEttrE-rcTS. , ; :/'u' -
CATARRH CONQUERED
AT LAST CATASEH SAS BEEN CONQUEBED. THIS MEANS THAT HTJTB-
TT FSB CENT OF CONS U MJ*'X"1OK WILL BS PEETENTED, EI.ECTX0-
CHEMISTRT ZS A SOXSXTTZFZC COMBINATION OF .ZSZiECTBICXTT AND '
CHEMISTBT, AND IS THE TREATMENT WHICH ABSOLXTTEIiT CUBE 3
CATABBH IN ALL ITS SERIOUS FOBUS QXTZOXZ.T AND PEBMANX2TTI.T.
HUNDREDS HAVE BEEN CUBED. MANY PATIENTS IN THE LAST
STAGES OF CATABBH AND IN THE FIRST STAGES OF CONSUMPTION.
* LIVING BIGHT HEBE IN SAN FBAN-
r '*^^^N^ if^^^H VOW TEXAS OF KZS CUBE BT EU3G>
?^^Sfc»'^^.Sy r>> 5ji^Ky^d^Bfcit?^aB^3BHBM8 a *eriou< cough. My condition irms aUnmtnic
_•_! MT.«i«V« »»»TTTr« Signed. x ' GUSTAV- HUHS, ~.t " J «
. MR GUST A V HUHS, . 732 Shipley at.. San Francisco. .
:• 732 Shipley Street. . Employed at the National Iron Worka, corner
' ; - ". ' Main and Howard sta.
Dangerous Delays.
It Is dangerous to neglect catarrh. Catarrh i* a constitutional disease, and It la th«
cause of more consumption than all other Influences • combined. . To all sufferers" from -
CATARRH, CONSUMPTION, ASTHMA. BRONCHITIS, or any other disease of the atr
passages, we extend a cordial invitation to the patient to visit our office for FREE CON-
SULTATION and EXAMINATION. It will give us pleasure to demonstrate to all persons
Interested how the Electro-Chemlc Treatment cures serious eases that are incurable under
the older systems of treatment. f
Other Electro-Chemic Specialties.
;El«ctro«Cliemlstry. cures • quickly, paJnlosly and cheaply CANCEBS.
TTJMOBS. OLD ULCERS. ECZEMA, BHEUMATISM. NEUBALGIA, LOCOMO-
TOB ATAXIA, FABALTSIS. DEAFNESS, HEAD NOISES. INSOMNIA.
QOITBE, BBIQHT'S DISEASE, DIABETES, DYSPEPSIA, PILES, all diseases ¦
of the STOMACH, LIVES, KIDNEYS, BLADSEB and BOWELS, all 2IEB.VOUS
DISEASES ana SPECIAL DISEASES OF H5H and WOMEN.
7BEE X-SAT EXAMINATION. DIAGNOSIS. ADVICE AND TBIAL
TREATMENT. ;
HOME TREATMENT — When It la possible' for a oatient llvlns at a distance to come
to our office for a careful personal examination, w* advise them to do wo. In the majority ¦
of cases r the patient can return home the same day. taking the necessary home treatment
along WE LOAN TO SUCH PATIENTS AN EXPENSIVE ELECTRO-CHEMIC APPAR-
ATUS FREE OP CHARGE. We advise those who cannot visit us to write a full description. ;
of their symptoms and, immediately upon receipt of such Information, we will give the pa-
tient full ' directions regarding home examination and treatment.
The Electro=Ghemic Institute
1 1 8 Grant Ave., Cor. Post,
/ SAN FRANCISCO.
' OFFICE HOURS-^-9 a. m. to 5 p.m.' and 7 to 8 p. in: dally; Sundays, 10 a. m. to 1 ». a. '
SEPARATE APARTMENTS FOR LADIES AND GENTLEMEN.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dr. Chas. K. Holsman
The Master Specialist.
I Absolutely Cure
Varicocele. Hydrocele. Contagions
Blood Poison. Contracted Ailments,
Stricture. PUes, rutula, . »uptur«j
Kidney and Bladder diseases and
pvery kind of Weakness peculiar,
to men. Jf you have any disease
In th*> above list you can come to
me with the positive Assurance or
a cur*. To a man *ho is ailing
this means everything; his future
health, happiness and possibly lire
•depend on his being cured. I am
here to do just that kind of work
— to do it well, and to effect a per-
manent cure. Any case that cotnes
to me and takes my treatment can
surely depend on being restored to
a normal condition unless the case
is incurable. Such cases I do not
accept for treatment. My phenom-
enal success In curing men's dis-
eases has brought to me a busi-
ness that I am justly proud of,
and has proven the correctness and
truthfulness of my motto, that
KOTHIKG SUCCEEDS I.IXE
KOKEST TREATMENT.
AS A GXTAHAZTTEB I will let
the patient deposit the price of a
cure in any hank in San Francisco,
to be paid after he is entirely well.
If It is not convenient to do this,
payments may be made monthly.
Free bock at office or by mail.
Correspondence confidential.
Consultation and Advice Free.
C. K. HOLSMAN, M. D.
739 MAEKET ST., (Top Floor).
San Francisco.
Hour* — 9 to 8 daily; _» to 12 Sundays.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S oreatJ)
{MUSEUB OF AnflTOHY*
A C& ,IC:i)CUXX;£7.feft.6tM7&.6.rC*i.4
\ C^^ Tb« Urrnt AaUMBical M u«'u» ta tfcc \
LI , A-,' Warld. Wcakacua* of u>f cantneltd Q
" WS BW *'»••»« »••««•••••» nr«4 hj tkt oldest T
A g§2£ | OR- JORDAN-DISEASES CF KEN A
S I JLfit n Truimwi ptruul^ *r by Inter. A g
T C if «a w ** '""» 4><r«ia*TerycMca»4«ftikm. \
ArB U0 *r«te for Book. riILtloray*( A
¥ " u RV uaRUcc. MAiLas mtfc. (ay
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
guaraittezd cube fob xxht.
KAEKLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
cases In a !<--»- days. Warranted to curt)
worst cases. VO OTHER TBSATKSfft
XEQUIKED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS CONTAGION. Harm-
less. J2.00 for both botties. For sale only
T. S. KELLrS FHAJIHACT. 10» Eddy!
Bad way's
Pur*:^ veset«ble. mild- and reliable. Causes
perfect dlcestion. comnlet* . absorption and
healthful rerttlarltx-
PW cur« of all diforder* of Stom«ich. Liver.
Bowel«.Kldney«. Ulaflder, Female Irj*ewl»TiUes.
BldtH?aaache.niliousi!ese.Con«tlpatiO?>,Plle8 and
all deransements of Internal V^ccra. 20c box.
** Aourcii^a' ur by mall. Kaflway & Co.. N T.
SB. FIEBCE'S REMEDIES. .
«' The distracting: headaches from which'
so many women suffer make life a daily
purgatory. If men suffered with. heao-
acho as women -do, - business .would be
almost at a standstill, j ' Does not the fact
that women only suffer from these severe
headaches suggest that there must be a.
womanly cause for them ?
When the womanly organism, is dis-
eased, headache, backache, nervousness
and sleeplessness are consequences which
are sure to follow. ' ¦
$500 Reward for Women
. Who Oannot bo OuroA
Backed up by over a third of a century
of remarkable and uniform cures, a record
such as no other remedy for the diseases
and weaknesses peculiar. to women ever
attained, the proprietors arid makers of Dr.
Pierce'* Favorite 4Prc»cription now feel
fully warranted in offering to pay $500 in
legal money of the United States, for any
case of Leucorrhea, Female Weakness, Pro-
lapsus or Falling of Womb which they
cannot cure. All they ask is a* fair and
reasonable trial of their means of cure.* *
World's Dispensary Medical," Asso-
ciation, Proprietors. Buffalo, N. Y.
« I took two bottles of your ' Favorite Prescrip-
tion * and two of the 'Golden Medical Discovery 1
and am feeling well." writes . Mrs. Dan Mo
Kenrie. of Lorwar Mines, Cape Breton Co.,
Nova Scotia. "I had. uterine trouble, pain in
the side and headache After taking your medi-
cines I rot welL You may publish this or use'
It in any way you think bent, as I cannot speak
too highly of Dr. Pierce and his medicines,"
Free. Dr. Pierce's Common Sense
Medical Adviser is sent free on receipt of
stamps to pay expense of mailing only.
Sena 21 one-cent stamps for the book in
paper covers, or 31 stamps for the cloth-
bound volume. Address Dr. ILV.Pierce,
Buffalo, N. Y. -
ADVEBTISElttENTS. /
HL A TREMENDOUS
THE OPENING DAYS OF THE
jffiP 1 CLERKS' PROFIT - SHARING
M® <&&£ I SHOE STORE SHOW THAT
{§£§?& A^S I OUR PLAN IS MEETING WITH
wSlw^!?£8rf*di POPULAR FAVOR.
'^^ffl OUR BIG STORE
" AS BEEN CROWDED FROM
\§|||||||3| MORNING UNTIL NIGHT, AND
\|iKi||iS EVEN OUR LARGE FORCE OF
SALESMEN AND IMMENSE
N$g||g|r SEATING SPACE WERE TAXED
NOLAN BROS.
ENTIRE STOCK MUST BE
CLOSED OUT AND THE BIG
CUTS WE HAVE MADE. LN THE
FORMER PRICES ARE CONVIN-
CING THE PUBLIC THAT WE
ARE LOOKING FOR BUSINESS
AND ARE WILLING TO GIVE
GOOD VALUES TO GET IT.
REMEMBER
EVERY SHOE IN THE STORE,
IS GREATLY REDUCED IN
PRICE— EVEN JOHNSTON & >¦/¦'¦
MURPHY'S and LAIRD, SHO-
BER & CO/S HIGHEST GRADES.
SEE OUR WINDOWS FOR PRICES
ii| R1GHTWAY SS OE
Successors to NOLAN BROS.
nupi «jvi pi III mWr, 812-814 MARKET STREET,
PHlLAN BUlLUiNu, 911 OTARRELL STREET.
j "THE CREDIT HOUSE" 233-235-237 POST ST. |||
sSj 2 I On account of the immense demand for GO-CARTS from our little midweek ad, we have >j|J^
stejlg decided upon a great GO-CART and BABY CARRIAGE SALE for the whole of this 3SS
' week. Our manufacturer has agreed to supply us with his entire output for one week at the KjIsjC
; &§3f exact cost of production provided we will advertise his trade-mark — "THE IMPERIAL." SS&Jr
v >4»5 -~—— — And we can safely guarantee the IM- ¦ S
<^E nr\ A«nTO PERIAL GO-CARTS AND BABY I A.nniiinco W)K>
"W§ Ul)-CARTS CARRIAGES as being equal to any I GARKIAuLO mh
- ChIKI other make on the market. 1 31^ !
>^|p, $3«50 Fo!ding Go-Cart with^ $8.00 Bo ggy> made of mapfe, £ 'g$
c (ralE movable footrest: . .S|. 35 A^i^*ilisHi^=^K& rubber-tired and steel wheels 2 '&i
E"| | |§
\% \ rubber tires, etc... $4.45/ &mffiWj$Mgmffl!f> $H.50 Buggy, reed hooded, |S( .
jg I $8^0 same as above, but with "• upholstered and preWly lined j^;
il ? pHances SfS.SS^jg^^ Bl&S$$m\ ffitJ&sM&affJJ And "similar reductions op to * & I
Iwm r^J ever been $32.50 Co-Cart, Now $23.45. justabie' reed | 8$ .
\^m MJ& "° ld * $3 * 50 ' backandfoot Vj& ' £
<(fi K K^O\. Folding Go- A Reed Cart with cane bottom, cushion tires, test and VjS&dN z Wb
* ac *" P atent ra^ c ancl 2 e reecI roUa on udts. strong steel -/kJK$$I\ * ;3 i
WnW j«st*blc foot- Beautifully upholstered. We have a large line jprfngs, tol3 /^^^^§ \
If fc C^ rest this week of these adjustable but non-folding fancy carts, week X/rr%f-L2^' 2 /^ -
« K s ±Si£^~ " and thia wcek they *" aU 8 P eciall y "due** for . xC^*^ | >
Js Ek CC^ "i f\ pmm e sa " c * * >ara5 °k can attached to any cart f g—y p— K 2
IE for $1.00 eitra. * vPO.OsD | 1JZ(vorces granted I o wans in the Dakotas
have no legal standing in this State,
according to a decision handed down
to-day by Justice Weaver of the State
Supreme Court, who in a case before
him ordered the husband to pay his
•wife one-third of his fortune, amassed
since the decree of divorce was grant
ed by the Northern courts. The de
cision invalidates many divorces
granted in the Dakotas to Iowans.
Under It residence in either of the
Dakotas for the statutory period is
not satisfactory evidence of a bona
fide change of residence.
justice Wearer of State Supreme
Court Benders an Important
Decision.
DES MOINES. Iowa, April 1€. — Di-
IOWAXS CAXXOT BE
DIVORCED IN* DAKOTAS
The outflow of gold to Paris has
been more than offset by the inflow
of Japanese gold to San Francisco.
The movment to Europe is expected
extend a good deal further. The
present heavy contraction In the value
of cotton and grain exports and the
future requirements for the Panama
canal payments are to be considered
in the outcome. Crop prospects have
a growing influence and the condition
of the winter wheat crop is not re
garded as satisfactory. A cheering ef
fect is caused by the increased pro
duction of iron, while the stocks on
hand continue to decline, but the
failure of United States Steel to re
spond modifies these effects. Rail
roads report traffic running at a lower
average than last year, but traflic of
ficials speak hopefully of the future
prospects.
Activity in bonds has decreased and
prices have moved irregularly in sym
pathy with stocks. United States twos
have advanced U and the new fours
% per cent on call during the week.
w'he market, and there have been none
* --f the exciting events in Individual
stocks which gave tone to the previous
market and which stimulated specula
tion by keeping alive conjecture as to
their origin and causes. The most con
spicuous of such movements was that
in Union Pacific The general public
has obtained no satisfactory clew to
the recent enormous accumulation of
that stock, and insiders profess to be
equally in the dark. The recent ad
vance In the stock market has hinged
almost entirely upon the Union Pacific
movement, and the halt in that move
ment this week has had a dominant
sympathetic effect on the whole mar
ket. Suspicion of its purely speculative
origin was aroused by the action of the
Ftock in face of the supposition late
Monday that the Attorney General had
intervened in the suit at St. Paul to
oppose the demand of the Union Pacific
Interests to secure the return of the
Northern Pacific stock entered in the
Northern Securities merger. .
A better understanding of the Gov
ernment's step changed this impres
sion, but not the belief that the ac
cumulation of Union Pacific was based
to-, the chance of winning the contest
for control of Northern Pacific Pub
lic utterances by President Hill of the
Great Northern have confirmed the
belief that the Union Pacific has en
tered upon a determined contest for
control of the Northern Pacific and of
the Burlington. It is perceived that
other legal steps lie open to continue
the contest to this end, even In the
event of the throwing out of court
of the petition at St. Paul. The un
certainty which has been kept hanging,
over, the market a long time by such
a procedure, it is feared, would re
new the conditions preceding the deci
sion by the Supreme Court In the
Northern Securities case itself. This
prospect has chilled speculative en
thusiasm. *«
FRENCH GOLD.
ly prevailing. Many of the large op
erators and traders who made the re
cent activity apparently withdrew from
The Impression conveyed by the
week's stock market has been one of
depression, but the irregular move
ment of prices carried the level of the
market but a sm*" distance from last
week's closing level, either above or
below, and the volume of dealings has
been much contracted rrom that recent-
NEW TOSK. AjjtII 16.— There wm
only » slncKlsh drift la th« day'"
ftodk. market, and the trading was
\rtthool Interest. Tha flay ended with
prices *eaer»lly a fraction lower, after
harta* been at one t!m» holier. Tn«
enly considerable movements were In
epesdaltiess In Individual caaes.
Tbe bank statement showed a smaller
loan expansion th aT i expected, so that
the cash Increase went further to en
hance tha enrplus of reserves: but ths
market sold oS after the pnbUcatlon
of the bask statement and closed e**y
at the lowest. The unseasonable weath
er was regarded as unfavorable,
the more so as the mercantile agencies*
reviews dwell upon the deterrent effect
cf the cool weather upon business. The
ymiM« State rex>ort on wheat condi
tion* weakened the market by Indicat
ing a more faror&ale condition than
that reported by the Government. A
published report of a determination to
stop Improvement work on th« Penn
sylvania eystem attracted attention,
es did a statement that steel rail orders
booked by the United States Steel Cor
poration for U04 amounted t» but a
million tons. The bond market was
relatively firmer than stocks, but was
dulL Total bond sales J975.000.
OPERATORS WITHDRAW.
Halt in Union Pacific Deal
Is Supposed to Be One of
tlie Causes of Depression
WEATHER A DRAWBACK
Prices Ytuy Occasionally and
Movements of Brokers At
tract but Little Interest
STOCK MARKET
IS VERT QUIET
THE SAN : FRANCISCO: GALL, /SUNDAY;^ APRILS17,!; 1904.
25
Quite « few ACARTMENT-
HOCSES bctojc built.
A good evidence that . this
business i>nj >. .
Some « <'I1 located places at a
barcaln in DODGLN'G-UOUSES
FOK SALJS.
**»HHHHHk*PP!WP^^ , .^ ¦¦,,.¦,-; ,¦¦¦.,-.,. -^ ¦;_;•;--¦••;* ' _ __. • ¦- *
A Sale tot Particular Men Here^ a Superior Quality Wd MStrCH FOI*CBS Some or the^Most Fetching . Perfumery for Particular Women £
*%%%H?7 5C S^ttlZ Bi^ April Safes 'Sf^^M, l ™££%™°°? \
ww *' *' lill » a •¦• ****** "™ . . -^ . . . The tendency among best-dressed women is 2fOG KMti /Of* B%fG X
Soi-C snan new stvJKh <Jiirts are Vou would be surprised. to sec so good 4^* Mfl *^P >^>^ to appear in 'costumes all cf one one shade- ,„ , . , .¦..¦.•. X
«^\^JSm?,^»lcM Mo^tyofW«ckVoileeu»ineao4ed ' l£A * '.'••• glorS, hat and veils to match th, gown. We WeW closed out from Muhlen, %
tDesa^a Start that any Store micht .{^^a yard- a irreater surprise is : In • W ' A are prepared, with the correct Veilings to match & Kropff, the 471 1 perfumery pco- J
be proud to show for $1; choice J to-morrovr when the bie >2xZ W frfcyMY ffyfaY i 1 1 fW your n -.w lummer gbwn, in shade, of red, p l e , 2o 'oo bottles of high grade cologne >
light an*3 dark COlOrinSSs Separate ie« than coc Theva« full 36 inches wide' CALIFORNIA S LARGEST^ w - mr[T j^^ ¦ . : dots. A very good .veil for 50c;' exquiste ere. the style of labels on tht bottles and therefor:
cuffs and plenty of all sizes from , good KT^ czh : e wcire , now much in <>1 —^B^^^^^^u;«>«.««« T o^rsov zZoni a: Su75 . and many pri " s b between - w ": wiuin *. to . make , thi> v bi^ ric ; con««ion ,j
14 to Ii; a blR d^* J fromaproa.lnent m»i>a for street costum«. and without ques- f "^¦BffljPPP^^^^^ AMERICA'S GRANDESTJBTORE. Chiffon Drapes— With gold thread on hem- to dispose of the stock on hand. So on Mon- •*
factory brought US these garments fion thr k«t «r«s f oods bargaia , A .*, a ti r interest a wider ran*, nf harpnin* more sensational trice ititchcdiborderY .papular.crfprtf .-.I... 65O a J ' wc w5U * :1 } »entab!e E»u dc Jl
A Very Special Sale Pretty and Inexpensive - A Jobber's Entire Sample Line f StteClal Sale An Important $
Wash Drosses New Parasols Imported .Linen Rohes— Waists to Match, Eastman's Kodaks Cigar Sale %
ean*al^37c ?«™ZZ t. b * «!fer ro ee 5o^ a^ Ifa/f Price Mona. y only these splendid values Begins Monday I
OUC V3IUGS wJ fC raraiois promise 10 oe in greater ,,..,., ,'¦ ¦¦ j i_ 1. i- ' in kodaks and supplies: -. . _ *f, , ** _ .%
r» l A « f,v M ,*.;„„, Mt*> —.>, vojuc this summer than ever before," These are the fasnionab.c homespun linens, naen cra^h and butcher linen ea , tm , n . f BroWnle Kodak. No. 1-M»ke a James W. Bradbvry 5c Ci£ars— Be- - J
Only 600 o* Uiese dainty .nt e warh aDtidoalioa of th5 , unnsu 4t dc- PalbUn Robes— <xquisitey app.iqued and embroidered— the skirt and waut to picture z # xa # inche,. reguarlr, . com- ginning Monday, and during J
dres»c» for grrla 1 to 4 years, to be we have bou»ht more heavily match. In the lot arc pure white, unb'eachcd, champagne, dainty b ucs, pmk», . plete with finder, ; 1.25,- tcf-mor-.^- week while the large quantity X
sold .t the above price. They are d ln grcItcrv^ ct / thana$QtV - Th 7 c greens and mixed effect,: It i, .Jobber's complete sample , -^^ E^ a ;i '^^ OH hand lasts-box of 50,11.25; |
made of striped lawn, with square oaw!t . w - m tTe now n rf . fof that are to be worn this summer. There are no two a.ike., - Monday -and. picture aXx^ inches, regu- box of 100. f 2.50; or J
vakerfwUrt, trimaei wkh deep ruffle, edged yon, inspection. Th:y are priced like thiJ: Toe»Jay alta, if there be enough of them, at half re^u'w price, much less thaa wholesale prices. .... j, r j y j a .bo,'ipecbl to-morrow &Wm7U 1O TOr 2&O *
wkh Uce aai finkhiat kraii. They hare litt;' wiittsilk parasols from $L 00 to $5.00 $14.00 Robe* $7.00 $22.50 Robes $11.25 $28.00 RcbeS $14.00 Films for Brownie ! No. 1 Kodak -Regwarly PortO RtCO CfloTJ— The El LithO, «
bbbcp si«Tti rand are either U« and white or Wht= Chiffon parasols frcm 53.50 to 512^0 $15.00 RO^CS $7.50 , $23.00 Robes $12.50 $30.00 Robes $15.00 f »P eciaI to-morrow.-a for .r. 25O made in the West Indies— be- 5
piak aod white: taoilitr style a trrmmed with Ponree liik sirasoli from SI 5 » to $5 50 *m en d«k,« co 7<; «O7 ra D.k.. en ti? «n Pnhn tlfi 2<! Films for Brown:e No. a Koialc - Regularly '." d . uc U1 "icjnfOt- «iui» uc %
Sa od«ed with Uce, ud the color, are B*«T^ P ar^l ? , f«m SL50 S <6 50 $I9 " 5 ° ° & $ $27.50 Robes $13.75 $32.50 Robes $16 25 - to . morrow ; a for .. . . guuung to-morrow^ and d^nng week while ,
oxUx^d and b^ wasth 50c «ad *% -m J Mob from $ J 0 J" to .*vi charming window display of these Robes. Be sure you see D.veicping Roll of 6, for ... . . . too « uantI * Sof £U' ° r S
60c, Moad^r »Dlr . . . . . . . &£C chilcrL-s parasol, from 25c to $2.50 them. ¦ ¦ D^lopin; Roll ot I*, for . . ,. . : .. . 15O \ IO fOr 25O 5
Sale Muslin Wear I Women's Goais Smsi Suits I AH Model Hate Reduced I Extraordinary Sale $
Read Tboso spoofats Unapproachable and Opportune Bargains Rare Values These W^^<WMW^<, For^P^JSl'^Ztn 5
Only underwear produced in clean, .- Y . \ m , c# ,_ f , c - l..^ C+^^l. The wai.el for and eag.riy watched for ,( HXJ/ , '' Vl^A*"^ OWifS, E.UUIGS, GXCm, .J
bright, healthful factories, under thr Manufacturers Samples and Surplus Stocks op p, rtunlt y to have the fir ., of the model MCTaM^>^^^»m Less Than Half %
b«: p 9J si ? :e coad : non,, fiad. shelf M^M *'3 and U2 Off *£$% t$%L™ A 3° bber atWUt t0 diSC ° n - \
raom :a cau .tore. D* not infer, bs- v^i^S^^T Reaufar FHccs beginning Monday, at the re* F ic^ i^^^^^^l?] tinue the sale of certain pat- S
libemlly cut, well trimmed and care- (.;• ,^' iHvf^M^^ lo\v cash offers- In each purchase" we dllCecLtO. accepted Our less than half- J
fully made. Yfc"$jk ffltlJS- secured the choicest merchandise .in $32.50, $30.00,' $28.00 iSPlV^ price proposition for the en- 5
women-s Gowns-M»:in. cambric kr* J?>*w!\ " JfH JRfeSiI \ the New York market at one-third and 00 Hats now &B X8F" MAwvy .tire lot,' and we offer Mon- -5
doth, 30 odd style-, that tttaB rrgu'.ariy fa. ;//J} 1 >\ *llw 61 **&& and one-half off the regular prices, ,. ,„! , , W&Mu %& \ 'Hav anri Tjip^H^v vvhilA «
|. .*S, >MJ «d J,. 5 o and are extent \ .]» / // which f Umishes' an exceptional Opportunity reduced tO . . . . . .^T ™ Lfff I.cf I
rallies at those price?, oa sreaal sale Mon- V I 1MIJB/ t t. I i^,^f «,, Q^r, ;««-+^u/ ' In our French rocmy.-»u will find model hats trom Giorgette * QUantltV iclStS! «
day aad curin/week, while «puntit y last, X^^^ for-OUr Customers. In almost every instance F , ul<ner / E5ther Meycrs> camille Rogers, and '. rmkZ*-'^"*: '¦ 50c vice Fancy Handled Cream S
88c 98c St f 8 //^SC in the present offerings your gain is J5, $10, $1S ,he famous New y.rk de.i g n=rs, Lichtenstine, Joseph 'Atkins -"E ' * 50c va.ue rancy nanmeci earn ,%
Wc^s'pctticoau/ofsooaonL^with // M $20 on « sinfile suit , . ' and Spinel, alt at tHe new reduced prices. -- i^e'f W^^S^ i
deep lawn flonnco, all trimmed with lace / / f : f(j{j As an example of unprecedented Savings, - v . v . ., ., , ,..- ., . .-, .. ... , :: .,., ,...,._.., . . — blades, for. . -.. .... ... .33 O X
and fine embroMery ruffle*, garments that //; /..' t 'Ji possible only here, the following wi « strve to bring 4&Bta»*+&Z*ff 4£k2S§a* !!#*»#••#* #*#»#*e*»#O ~ 75c Value Cake Knives, with uw edge, fancy {J
ordinarily tell at U to $S, Monday and dar- Ij i / !?i the most indifferent shopper Emporiumward on m9JM9***ll*9B %&€***? aWSMUBKM %JU§ S>9*m3S> engraved blade jj c j{
int week whUe q«^«it>- lasts FU / ' 'M Monday. * . . . n jZ***^ A£5^« ~*-~~J "O* + £*S 75« valui.Fish* Serring Knives, with engraved X
$f.48 o$4.95 H M Eton Walking SuitS-Ol handsome mix- J heSe $B0* ' ¦ ®& G anS8 &Bm@5 blade,, for. ... 33O %
Women', Drawers-Of fine muslin and f ca- . ||| ' t ° C s, coat and skir: bc.uu'uily trirnmed with Cbw/jf M^te Worth Si .50 iO $3.50 "S'adS" ' Tin '5
bncs, with embrciiery and lace trimm:ncs, ' • j ¦»?*l^. t. -j «j 1. u J .. • Ji „„•// ..^z < w^*r* •## ««# *&%» m%J\M ,-*-.* ",",**." * *. : " * " ' *>^ c «
the regular 6 S c to J? 3 5 "'«*. marlce, S |^ I M|Sv- braid, wide shou.ders and pretty separate girdle, ft^Qt \ * p^ she 7S c value Crumb Kr^ves, with engraved blade. J
th!s rilc 48c o 88c \\\ (f Ilim T*t%o° for e thi. sa" $22. 73 bc f ltted J?~ V wears a Nemo Corset or not, knows of «. 347 "'Knives', wiV fincy biid'.S? g
Wash Pcttkoits— Linen colored, made »iih #;T- f{ : »V.^\v^V ' • " > A^T^TIZHHS^ the merits of the "Nemo" Self- reducing 6 triple-plated knives, and 6 Al fancy torks, X
mo^n^cd'entvalutf^^"" 1^ fft £' jW\Ws^\ ' Eton Dress Suit of Broadcloth (like picture)- «@S 0^(W^ 'y^i " and ' fi 2Ure-building Systems: b for • • •¦ • • S3S7 Jj
t k on, an ex ei.en va.n. or.. . — |- / t Swffl \v\ Droop shoulder, coat and skirt braid trimmsd. This J^^« S&Pmt/\ \ J^fek Being the acme Of perfection O-— .5^1 or 'I
Wash Petticoats -Linen colored, umbrella // / V4#^l^^.' «uit ha, hrrctofcre sold icr J 4 5-C=, and you w 11 «B*ff ) $&&$ in fit and COmfort and as near- mT H ,J . '5
snlts, ccrp bias fiour.cr, wth dfep flare V / ?, V./RT *^V.<^d,«; «teem it one of the best ru'chasfs you ever made J ~V R\! UWSv/ iteT **T 1}' WltllOUt a flaw as it IS pOSSl- NOVClt^ GlOCKS }t
ruffle; finished with fancy machine hem- N< a [,, ,~ : ' •l^?^' if vou buy it durine this d&*2)4£ fT ifB \ ut\ 7 #^ ' ble tOITiakea COrSet, they have c«,,^,^l J,..^.^^^ -. "5
.titchins. and^verai ether good JjUji^^- S! . . . "'. . . &32.&U \ W**A / C , gained awo'rldxvide reputation. ¦ f. everal h . u " d^. f s*A^ ?
rtyles, economica^y priced at .. .& OC r^te^T^V 'j»^&! '/ \ Jf^e Ncm^ manufacturers discover the these^quamt IlCk- «^^^^p^
¦ A Treat variety cf styles ranging from $14.35 to $50.00, elegant / WZ^^M M*ZZ&h /^r-t—J. \ '«»« «mrerfeerion in one of ther coneti, Tack" clocks direct a '^i-W *^
You Can Save $1.00 1 Iff W/1e^ SbS^TTiA "r? K^ffif
on These Little Boys* one-third io one-half less than regular. ... v W^J Wir C T / /^^ffit/-or» spctofmachne. oil cr any cVher del vv00< \ dla ': vvltl J r f; tibU&ti® -J
- Tait OoVCrtCoat— Tailor made, taffeta lined, made to sell for Ju. 50, secured by us f/ff j \\jk / V^L V fects, they are immedutely marked .« 'sec- PJ 00 U C 1 1011 , Or Ola MW^^Wl \
QwWB$€Z G^P ESfi from a manufacturer's surplus stcck, at a price which enables us to quote /^A ff/| HJ /I. fill n v^ \e*r/Ml IRV ends" and at the end of the season are Cabin and forest, JfL^^A^Sjjk Jg
&UMZ& &^M&U a^,,. ; . . . . . . ... JP&B&U PtfdUU i%^W/f^^ so:d « half price or lei,. , brass wheel move^ X
t These CUte saU- 7B Linen WalstS -Elaborately hand-drawn and embroidered front,, J 6. 50 and * 7 . S o f #/^«/A«/ feJiW^T^S^CM; >- i ¦"'-^ i > T -V"^' '? 6th " mentS that * Oper- \ X
or .uita for boy, I^rckS^^^^^ WW} " J^I W^h^onthT a^ ate with chain and jl {
3to,oyear..nd - flre J WaM Jl' M^ ltcc , and Crepe de chine, . -.."¦: .. T./.?.:-.- Ne mo M [W ' M^M^^M^m $
Russian suits for J, 0.00 values c 7-50 #15.00 value, $W.75\ /20.00 valuts $14.5Q 1 "- ffllMjA $1.25 iO £2.75 .mple in connruction, and
htt.C fellows 3 to 2 — 1_ — :_ 1 ITlOaeiS '• IBl^/C^ \ n . - . _J w o '—^ « mm" mB *^ e designed to be putto- '2
L-t^.t ¦ Th^ o s Js 8 uS'to jS^y^TTvi 8 i diliii il #^^* »S^lsS- F'^Fr ' 1 i
im and prettily Worth Up tO 15C Yard jy^C OdD rfTKl DiaCK, S1Z.S white coutil and d& e*l i^H" Ev "- V dock h " b:en thor ' & I?
trimmed Norfolk This \s the best wash goods offering we have been able 18 to 36 » at S5C white batiste « isBHI *%$& S'S'SSLSLilS 1 ?! M 5
suits with sailor to make this season; the 9000 yards or more wi|L ••••••••••• slzes I8.to30... ~,. . . :- . ; - f oute: y fO a a«eed for o ns y >r
SH-Srt 1 "^ • P r ° bably t T U 3Way NT tO r Orr °^ • h «'/t.-* ut -« f !t : This W« k Carefu. Housekeepers ,WH. j -W^ g||^ \- \
."d.kcoc» P w does not all go we w.ir continue the sale Tuesday. Save One-third on Curtains » y ' JZ g
cr«.hi= P ;.id..n<! The assortment includes fancy printed corded mad- Another p leasant SurDrise S
¦mpM.wiu worth ? ras, fine striped nainsooks in dainty colors, standard CT; .wk*i .fewd rf et .. Another Peasant surprise «
. _ v ..,;^, inUy.doiiirniorc, percales and other lots of this season's desirable wash cu*™,, P »r.. ........ 440 /¦»s cun.™. f .ir. .... ¦ -bbo For^Housekeepers Monday. .
SlVH v j -i «i r 11 1 •-<-""* -1 t/> x ir - 85c Curtains, pair . . G4-O fa.oo Curia ns,-pair . - . . . ¦. S1m4O • f <?*»#*& •*
)U1 cvcn - erc \ materials, ail full yard wide and 12^ to 15c J>1g* u >h met- Ecn, «av f 36 -he, wide, rri ?e e^t, du^ie «,ua,ity, o r e« m; sb, , S c vaWfor ~*P? G ' arSa ! e g •;
po.:uveiy better values, specially priced for the April sales, yd. * 2 G **£$& • • • • -- • • • ••• .................. /50 Semi-Porcelain ;?
s^caTer <co! 0^ d VVaf,tin S5 -AU wKr| the medium Colored 0r5.ndie.-Inb:ue,p,nk,mme,black, Ml J" , inch " w = de . > b » utifil1 « ain B* a?s^ effict^ stable for dining-rrcm or hal^ ****** X
- 1- • i : j 1 u Hit * 5 j sire basket «eive, 31 incheswide;^- red, lavender, whhe, etc.; 30 , and f 5 .oo values, now pa,r .................. ; . .,. 5^.95 *
suits being sold elsewhere. Monday fego i, r i yase yard; for the Apr:i«e!WC in. wide; for evening wear, yd.. W^C Ruffled Muslin Curtains- P ain muilin, also dainty colored effect- -' Jj^ \
and during the week *>f% ST fi% Colored Oxfords — Whiu ground, fancy India Linon- On: case only at ths price; ihetr .The 1 1.00 value, special th-« sale, pair . . . ......... 68C /&f \?\ *
f or %P4mB*J-%J strpes, a l«rge lot, worth 15c to tf o white, a:most as fine as batiste and 30 ## The Ji. 50 value, special this si3e, pair . ........... . S1.O8 v ffi^ |\ %
'_ ' 35c >ard; for tht April sales. . . .1 oC inches wide, yard ........ ##C Cottigt Rods-- White enamel, 4 feet lcrig, white metal ends, bra«s hcok for b:acket, 15c V^KS ' ¦ J X
White Wa«hab!e Chiffon— A finr woven im- Fancy Printed Lawns — In a fine weave, dainty value, special each ........ ..... .-. ... ..-."./. .'.¦... ItC ' ' /f& &
SOntt ReCttal ported fabric, 48 inches wiie, very 0^^' colors, servlceab'e an! much used;^gm\/ * Couch Covers— H avy Tapestry, hcivily fringed, Oriental designs on one side, plain green or , <r^^**-t^?^ - •*
ftetty and very cheap, at, yard . .itSQtC * a very special value, ynrd . . ' . M Om /-yC ' rtd color en reveree side, width 50 inches, va'ue 53-75 each, ra e price .... . . $2m5O TT ffi j<»j ~rf^&*~iii^£j^ r T~C\\L
Every day during the coming week, 1 ' - ¦ ' ¦ '' ¦ ¦ I - . ¦ ....,¦. -¦-, ; ¦-....-¦¦ .-.¦..... -^^^S^^£«s2^ %
20 Por Cent Oft OH Aft i furniture NOW > . Handsome American Beauty %
popular scngs^ "Good-Kithr, Belcved," and ThJ means - your choice of any piece of furniture in our immense stock at one-fifth less than the regu'ar marked prices,^ and as we are alwavs 10 to Dinner Set, the pretty j|
"Where the Prairie Rolls Along to Meet the , r 7 , jul?- V • j j- l • * ' c . . - ¦' ' . , . . ". i_ • i_ m
Plaii." Ycu are ccriiaiiy invited to spend a 2O P er cent cheaper for the same grades than the exclusive furniture and credit house prices, you may safe.y figure the savings to be made here during the. SnapeSSnOVVnaD0Ve,C0m- J
pleasant half hour in the Music Department any April Sales at least One-third. ¦ plete fOF 12 peTSOnSC 100 *
aiternoon this week. v'l^".; . Here are four interesting items for those who have bedrooms to furnish figured on the 20 per cent ojff 'basts. " . . niecesas thin and white X
Groceries-Liquors ¦ .... , .:, , - J^^^
s t! ;^y^TlsS;?7^^ ?^WH "yfK- E^P3^' , '¦'¦¦ A ~ ''ittmk - "1 ;^^^\ f Y^^^^ S^^:|pf^57^S |
Game Pate With Truffles- 600 tin, P heasan V W'"W^}k>^ 4 I A \S' fc M AA 1 JQIjQ PI 3^12-mch Meat P.atten, Mon- J
grcuse wild duck,partri«ige, ,tuH and chicken O^iM^Mjtx' \# /\ LLV M I WTO (V ¥Wl 4 /iM^^P^'^^5S§^ "V dty 20O X
paf, in two r«,j on « F ccial «lc, while J|^gr=r^ g^^. K^^^ ' A M .A W^^^fi^ln l4 " 5DCh "'
Excellent for picnics, lunches^etc. j || VLJ>* V^"}A W^\\V^ "hWWm$P~ MtW$l& l '/i\iW Jt^"" 8oc tct « Cu P J and SiD ««' ver X thin. £
Lard -Best Eastern, 3 4b. tins. . .- . 33o /^4^J-^"^ • ' !|lffll Sj^TfT^* ' "^^*^SWt^* > ''^ bowl shape; the 6 on Monday 55© • jt
Rice— Fancy Japan, 5 lbs. . . . . - . . .25o "^"Hsj L.'.'J-****^*^ ¦ 'fj^y J 1. 3 5 Basin and Pitcher, fancy shape, j£
Kona Coffee- Equal to 30c kinds, li ..tOc \ llll*l ** • > .-¦•";. ' -^ : ' , large size: special on Monday 95 ft X
d »c - r~~ n <n m., r, m~ White Enamel Bed, as above, height Enamel Bed, as above, in wh'te and . Handsome Colonial 4-Post Metil -• • > ; French Design Meul Bed, as above, ».- - '¦•¦ r -.,« • - ,. ' V*. ¦ T
BcstSugarCom-Doxcn, St.tOt**.tOO • ; - ffi Bed-In variety of color combina-; elaborately trimmed with bran $1-35 f«ncy ihape white; Chamber, >g
"TX^Tr.^r*'^ - f3.oo gold.. .,,,.:,,..'. ,8.00 tion^theprice,.......; f I5 .co i / 3 v S o ' - ' ""^ 1 5
Hunt Brother,' Tomatoes - Galon tins, Bei Spring-Hard maple frame, dose Fine Maple F»me Wo VC Wire All-Metal W, ve W« • Spring- , . Best AU-St^r Spirkl 'spring made . ; / J ' ' ' V * " r P t X
dozen .....92.75 wove wire' top a co *W &°?* <*F >¦:•'.'' 3.50 Heavy rope edge, sus P :ndrd sup- • in America ........... 7-5O Tilt aboVC :gOO(ls CM best %
' $ 1.50 quality, gallon . . ... .°.Sf.O5 «hite ">tton and excelsior . . . . 4.00' Pair AU-Feather . Pillows — Good : B ra y ha l r > •>••••.• • • 9««> Best Live White. Goose Feather ;^C latnandJheneWeStjShapeS. ,%
Hock White Wine— Gallon 44c , Good Feahcr Pfllowj— Pair . . . . a 00 ones ...... . ... . Best Whits Feather Pillows; pair . 5.00 Pillows . . .\ . . . . 6.00 \VeCO,h > highly 'TeCOntmend j{
Choice whiskies -Maryland ciub, siikwood, - % .> •'% t". S o .' jai.oo - 3 1*° T ,* 66 ; O ° them to Five poodseruice i
Old Government or McBrayer; botdc.02O Letl ao P :r cent • • V • a -3° Le s SO per cent . ; -•".. .___£ao \ Less 20 per cent. . . . 6.8o L . cn ™ Pf r "^ • • ''" *r:^-f l-y." f / - ?
Otnuine Oilki Kammd- Bottle . $1.09 Complete for S9.2O Complete for $16, 8O Complete for &27.2O Oo^ g
Special Sale Folding Go-Carts -^ Meri^s$iooo and $12.50 Men's iisooand $20.00 r;^^l^^ ji
awrf Tuesday if Quantity Lasts f^^ \ M $UHS $11*50 * ff^ 3 S
Folding Go-Carts— L^gbt weight, steel frame and springs, if If ' ¦ &UIW& £ m%9%0- • ? . f • V V or one v y e ?k longer :your* choice oftwenty or, more "good patterns of- 3i
with periorated back, hardwood frame, varnished, tinned L.r]l Abou\ 100 suit, in thi, ; lot, all :regu- I ""1^ apices' w^ en! . genuine Wiitbn^elVetCarpete at less than the price <the^V .; f i.; |
- jteel wheel,, wnh rK^r 7^«. regular value u oo » -. ., . ,, rljr ., I0 ; 00 and ; $I - 2 . 5 o, reduced' , tapestry brussels. sewed.^ned^ndjaid^per |
"^* ** *w\* " r*-'* k v ' ' T - i^? /5SS§T' to this small price to make a final than thVmak'crV whoesale price. New'Japan Mattings -» 5 patterns, regularly.: If New Japan AUiOnp-io patterna, , regular!, J
Foldinl Go-CartS—Wuh reclining back, extension ioot- <^<*2£&; . .- ¦¦¦ ni J , •- -; y-^-V- - - * -™J?--S\ 1^S!r 1=1 J-"^? 1 '-- : f 9-b^"p^'>Su of.'^S ; j^rda'^aW^ »5cY<^ i -j r«*1rab of /40 >*«*• : ««* j^d JV
frame, tinned steel wheels, rubber tires, folds, up snugly. ' %£? The above includes sack suiti and a" f y° ar vP lck ; now &11m5O ¦ - All Csmimm^ !!•¦«•« ¦• - X
re g u,r value Sj.oo, for 53.7S few frock suu, black serges and diagon- /^ . i^ inc f u^ styl^h s!fk $3Q.OO Smym^RUgS X
Among the 90 other styles thit we now have m stock- at prices ranging up to als, also mixtures and plaids, in dark $ui . s s ' in g' eor . doable breasted, in 9x12 feet, handsomely patterned, big ifrif|Jl £%f% X
$35.00, we mention a rcc d body, reclining bacK go-cart, with scroll front, shades that are the thing for business ?h \ n ' ani fincy fabrics, also a few frock su-ts assortment/special this week.each . . Sfo^E^S M%M%M *
and all latest improvements, the tamons Whitnev make; tor^on\y-.$4 m Qg, purpose,. -: All ',:«, 34 to. 44. , ' - ;„ Vack diagona s. •'•*«•; .•'*>- V: ..I--.-.^". ¦...;.'.....-.. . .'. .ir^^^^^^^^--,'^^^.^^.:- 5' Supposing that .we ". work "ten 1 times
faster than the French did,, we should
be more* than nlne ; years! in., finishing
the Culebra-^cuti 7 "Admiral Walker
.thinks that we;can 'complete the 'en
tire job in eight years, , but that is only
; the 'conjecture of ¦ a. man iwho, although
greatly pifted in' manyways,. Is not an
experienced ; t The question is
not only one of, pure science in its most
formidable aspect; it is one, upon'; which
no "achievement of 'the; past can -be
said 1 to throw the smallest light. In a
general- way we Jail; feel ; sure that
American^' skill,^ingenuity" and pluck,
.backed ? by illimitable resources, will
eventually triumph. - .Professional "en
gineers,/ however, .who, are familiar
withthe character of the task awaltintr
us, will hardly, commit :themselves ; to a
definite date, certainly, not, to-one -so
near, at hand as March 5, ,1912.—Wash
ington Post J> '" ' " r
To. Finish the Canal.
WASHINGTON. April 16. — Captain
William H. Green, assistant to the gen
eral manager of the Southern Railway
Company, died her to-day after a
short illness. . .
Hallway Official Dies.
SAN* JOSE. April 16.— Lloyd Child left to
day for St. Louis to unpack and Install Santa
Clara' County' 3 exhibit for Ihe Fair.
The burglary and the earthquake put
the whole neighborhood In a state of
panic.
escaped. They heard him running down
the street. The boy says Ihe Tellow
wore a. light coat and a derby hat.
Mrs. Old's i wo trunks were opened by
the midnight visitor and the contents
strewn over the door. Clothing, papers
itnd other articles from the bureau
drawers "verv scattered about the room.
Mrs. Old had the evening before taken
a purse of money from the trunk and
htd It under the mattress on her bed.
BARCELONA. April 10\ — Premier Jlaura.
who on April 12, was attacked and' slightly
tvounded 'by' a would-be assassin, has oulte
recovered.'. . .'¦ ¦¦ . •
WASHINGTON*. ADrll 1C. — A telegram re
ceived to-day at- the Postofflce Department
from Postmaster General Payne states that
his health has bocn Improved by the sea voy
njtc. and that he expects to start back for
Washington the latter part of April.-
LONDON.Aprll 16.— Samuel Smiles,
LL.- D.. surgeon. Journalist and rail
road man. Is dead, aged 92 years.
Aged Surgeon Dies.
In a very battered and deplorable
condition Armond Coiseron, who re
sides at 507 Bush street, was taken to
the Emergency Hospital last evening.
Coiseron was struck by a" car at the
corner of Jackson and Keafny streets.
His injuries are not serious.
Coiseron Struck by a Car.
Earthquake Frightens Bold
Thief and He Gives Up
Task of Bobbing: Old Home
The recent severe losses in officers
and privates, together with the fact
that large masses of . Hereros are still
under arms, have created the impres
sion here that a mistake was made
originally in sending too email a force
to Africa. The newspapers now say
that the Emperor was right when he
proposed to send 6000 men under the
command of a general.
BERLIN, April 16.— Colonial circles
have been greatly concerned about the
Galsenapp column "since the report of
the battle of Okaharui, German South
west "Africa," which "was received "in
Berlin March 19, as a large party, prob
ably 2000 of the Hererqs defeated at the
battle of Onganjcia^retreated In the di
rection where Galesnapp was last heard
of. It is feared that his column of
about 350 men has been annihilated' by
a superior force of the enemy.
Among the killed at Okatumba was
Captain von Bagenski.
REDDING. April 16.— The earthquake
ttis morning prevented a burglary at
th? home of W. W. Old, C03 Willis
street, in this city, and it is just barely
possible that the burglar was so badly
•cared that he will giv? up his catling
and go to work. Old was away from
home and Mrs. Old and her throe chil
dren were alonr in the boose. Shortly
after 1 o'clock Earl Hodglns. the 11
jear-old yon of Mrs. Old. was taken 111
and arosf and wont Into the kitchen
for some .medicine. As the little fellow
entered the dining-room he almost ran
against a burglar tvho was at work.
The intruder paw the boy and crouched
down. Young Ilodgins hasttly ran
back to the bedroom and told tils moth
er, and just then the earthquake oo
currcd. The house shook, dishes rat
tlrd and pandemonltmi rclgn^d. Mrs.
Old and the boy called loudly for h»»U>.
end their cries, with 'the noise and
ttimbl* of the earthquake, caused the
burglar to make a hasty retreat out the
dining-room door to a small r*orch.
from which hr- jumped and rait out the
front gate. Neighbors, awakened by
the earthquake, and the wreams of the
frightened occupants of the house, ran
to their assistance, but the fturglar had
Marie Delmar, a young girl, resid
ing at 852 Mission street, was asphxy
iated last night and rescued by friends
just in time to save her life. She had
trouble with her sweetheart and de
cided to take her life. She was taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital,
where she was resuscitated.
Tries to Take Her Life.
In Berlin Colonial Circles
Great Anxiety Is Felt
About Fate of Expedition
FEAR DANGER
TO GALSENAPP
TEMBLOR GIVES
BURGLAR SCARE
I Briefly stated,; "the treaty, provides
| that the high contracting parties agree
j'to submit to arbitration all claims for
pecuniary loss or damage which may
be presented by thnr respective citi
zens and which cannot be amicably
adjusted through diplomatic channels
and when said claims are of suf
ficient importance to .warrant expenses
of arbitration. By virtue of. the" fac
ulty recognized by article' 26, of. the
convention of The Hague for the pa
cific settlement ""of " international dis
putes, the high contracting parties
agree to submit to a decision of a per
manent court of arbitration established,
by said convention all controversies
which are subject matter of. the present
treaty, unless; both'parties should pre
fer, that special jurisdiction be organ
ized according to article 21 of the con r
vention referred to.
.. This treaty.shall.be in force for five
years. Only one or two of the South
American republics have so far rati
fied the convention. -. Nearly all are
awaiting ( the 'action, of the United
States and 'should;, the ..Senate here
ra.tify., favdrable 1 action Is expected at
once in. all of the other countries repre
sented. .The signatory ; powers^ besides
the United States are: Argentina, Bo
livia. Colombia.; Costa Rica, Chile, the
Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Salva
dor;,"-Guatemala, Hayti, Honduras,
Mexico.- Nicaragua,. Paraguay, Peru
and Uruguay. . ' -
. WASHINGTON. April 16.— Another
important Btep took toward obligatory
arbitration of . international disputes
has Just been taken by the Senate
Committee on Foreign. Relations in re
porting-the. treaty» covering .arbitra
tion of pecuniary claims drawn up
and signed at th'e sec6nd*inter'national
conference of American States held Jn
the City of Mexico in 1902. Favorable
action was taken on this* treaty in se
cret session of the committeeon* Thurs
day and it was reported to the Senate,
where it is now v pending, with some
prospect of ratification before adjourn
ment.
Very few Senators outside of the
committee knew of this action, so im
portant to Ihe' scheme of international
arbitration » and. to good relations be
tween the counties of the Western
Hemisphere. This is the first practical
and important recognition of the re
sults of the second international con
ference that' has been j made by.. Con -
gress, and as the whole world is look
ing to the United States Senate to ad
vance arbitration a step beyond The
Hague conference this action will at
tract attention in Europe as well as
among the American republics.
The treaty was submitted to the Sen
ate at the first session, of last Con
gress. Senator Spooner was one of its
opponents, while Senator Cullom. the
ohnirman, repeatedly urged report.
Spponer's objections were over
come and a favorable report , was .or-'
dered 6n a viva v'oce vote with prac
tical unanimity. % -
SAN RAFAEL. April 16.— A North
Shore passenger train had a narrow
escape from a serious wreck about
noon to-day. The train leaving Sausa
lito at 8:30 o'clock for Cazadero was
derailed when about three miles above
San Anselmo Junction. The train was
going at a very low rate of speed or
else the wreck would have been a 'bad
one. There were four cars to the
train and Conductor Murray was In
charge. ' When about half way -. up
Whites Hill a brakebeam and brake
shoe on the forward coacli broke arid
dropped on the rail, thus derailing
turte oars. Owing to the cut, the cars
did not turn over and no one was in
jured. A wrecking train soon arrived
from Sausallto and the train was sent
up-country after Vivo hours* delay.
poaches Are Derailed Near San
An>clmo, but No One
• Is Hurt.
NORTH SHORE TRAIN*
HAS NARROW ESCAPE
Trea ty Concern ing Moneta ry
Clai ms R a ti tied by For
eign Relations Committee
Sketches of 'All Kinds on Exhibition
r for . Benefit of Bed at Cliil
'\ -. dron's Hospital.
The sketch 'exhibit that is now on
at the Press Club, and which will con
• tlnu during,, the coming week, was
opened informally /before the members
of the club last night, and promises to
be a big success.
1 The exhibit is being given for the
benefit of the Press Club bed_at the
[ Children's Hospital. The affair is
! strictly, a sketch exhibit, and a limit
j has been placed upon the size and price
I of work displayed.
j. The following artists nave contrib
. uted toward the exhibit:
¦ Lucia K. Mathews, ; Bertha S. Lee,
Mrs. Alice i£. \ Best. Miss '¦ Isabel
Hunter, Miss Marion Prewe, Mrs. Ada
R. Shaughan, Misa N. L. Treat, Mrs.
! A. B. Chittenden, Miss' Edith WhHe
' field. Miss Annie F. Briggs,. Mrs. Al
, bertine Randall Wheelan, Miss Mary
i C. Bradley, Arthur W. Best, ; Henry
! C. Best, Xavier Ma'rtlnez, G. Cadenas
so, John M. Gamble, L. P. Latimer,
Maynard Dixon, G. F. P. Pizzoni, Will
Sparks, Henry ' XV. Sea well," j R.' H.
I Bloomer, William Cantrell, C. Chapel
Judson, C. D. Robinsoi), Theodore J.
Keane, Maurice TJelmue, Jeseph'Grepn
baum, Sydney J. Yard, Henry Patigian,
j Stanley -Arthur, William Hubacek,
j Chris Jorgensen, H. Klassen, Matteo
• Sandona, Henry Stuart Fonda.
ART EXHIBIT INFORMALLY
OPENED AT PJIESS CLUB
ARBITRATION
PLAN APPROVED
The. medical profession of the State
is well represented at the local hotels.
At the Palace are Drs. C. A. Haines of
Sacramento, W. J. Hayden and D. L.
Tasker of Los Angeles and J. S. White
of Pasadena. Dr. C. W. Nutting of
Etnals at the Occidental. . ....
-Miss 'Constance • Jordan, the ' well
known pianist, until. recently the head
of the 'piano 'department of the Ham
iin School and previously for. six years
at the Van Ness Seminary, left Thurs
day for Europe, where she will con
tinue her musical studies in Munich
and later in Vienna. .. • , . . . - .
F. J.. Shepard, general superintend
ent of the Santa Fe road, is up from
Lo'sAhgeles and registered at the Pal
ace. . . .-
Jay.W. Adams, Pacific Coast agent
of the Nickel Plate line, is at the Oc
cidental. . . k ... j
PEHSOXAI*
A. B. Hill, a banker of Petaluma. Is
at the Lick.
C. L- Jones, an attorney of Modesto,
is at the Lick. , , ':¦ .
' E. J. Stanley, a publisher of New-
York, is at. the Palace.
Major WHlard Abbott of Cleveland,
Ohio", is at (he St. Francis- .
C. W. Burgess, a lumberman of Eu
reka, .is staying at:the Lick.
L. W. . Moultrle, a surveyor of Lo3
Angeles, registered at the Lick yes
terday.
Arthur E.. Davis, a wealthy resident
of Boston, and his wife are at the St.
Francis.
Although he doesnot say so. It Is as
sumed by the officers at the depart
ment that the insulation of all the wires
in the 'turret was destroyed by the in
tense heat of the explosion. 'A-
WASHINGTON, April 16.—Rear Ad
miral Taylor, chief of the bureau,, of
'navigation, to-day received a telegram
from Chief Naval Constructor Capps.
who recently was ordered to Pensacola
to inspect and report upon the condi
tion of. the battleship" Missouri as af
fected by her recent collision rrlth the
Illinois and also by" the* recent disas
trous, powder explosion in her aft gun
turret. Rear Admiral Capps stated
that, the hull of the ship was not in
jured by either^ accident and that the
vessel is In good condition outside of
the local damage to the electrical ap
paratus in the after turret, which nat
urally interferes with the proper opera
tion of the guns in that, turret.-
NEW YORK, April 16.— The Finan
cier says: The notable feature of the
New^York Associated Banks last week
was a further expansion in loans and
new high records for cafsh and for pub
lic , deposits. . The loan item was in
creased by $4,721,100, making $20,547,000
in the last fortnight,' $134,6S3,600 since
the beginning of/the year and $53,045,
000 compared with, the end of February.
The increase this week, as was the case
in previous weeks, j was mostly due to
syndicate and corporation borrowings.
The cash gain reported by the banks
was ?7,2S9.600, .which amount was $2.
200.000 less; than' the gain as estimated
upon the basis of the traceable move
ments of money during the week. De
posits \vefe increased $11,605,600 and the
required reserve was thereby augment
ed* $2,901,400, deducting which from the
gain In cash -left $4,388,20.0 as the in
crease Jn surplus reserve to $27,304,600.
Computed, upon the basis of deposits,
less those of $5bM9i:700 pubiic funds, the
5iirplus;-is $41,352,525. The statement
showed a good proof, the sum of in
crease in 'loans and the gain; in cash
being only $405,100 greater than, the in
crease in loans. Alt may be noted that'
the cash gain was made up of $5,644,600
specie 'and $1,645,000 legal tender. This
carries;both the specie and the total
cash reserve to new high records^ The
public deposits also show the maximum
since they began to be separately re
ported in .-: the bank statement. Cir
culation 1 wds increased by' $3u8,600. The
daily clearings averaged $190,000,000, or
$2,000,000 Jess than those of the pre
vious week. Loans of individual banks
in the -association show net gains ol
$2,S00 ; 000 by six institutions. • '/
SCHENECTADY, N. Y., April 16.— A
driving snowstorm prevails throughout
this section: to-day: -All trains on the
New York Central from the West were
from one to two hours late, and the
local trolley service was badly, ham
pered. The sleighing was as good as
at any time in the winter. It has been
thirteen years - since a snowstorm; of
this severity has been experienced' as
late as this in April. - : '. '• V- V
GLENS FALLS. N.-Y.;. April 16.— The
whole Adirondack country to-day -is in
tWe grasp of a blizzard: which-. for
severity has; not been equaled during
the past winter. .From ten to fifteen
Inches of snow .fell during the night.
The country roads are blocked and
traffic on steam and electric roads in
this section is delayed. , : .
ROCHESTER. N. Y.. April 16.— A
fierce blizzard raged . all' night here,
blocking car lines and making It almost
impossible for teams to wade through
the drifts. Fully a foot of snow fell.
The temperature remains low to-day*
SASKATOON. N. W. T.. April 16.— A
flood in the Saskatchewan River has
carried away \ the center spans of the
Canadian t Pacific Railway bridge, the
longest on the Prince Albert line, and
traffic -will , be seriously hampered for
several weeks. The Saskatchewan is
swollen from hundreds ' of tributary
streams which drain 'the.'.' Northwest
prairies, and is rising. This bridge is
the connecting link between*Saskatch
ewan and all district towns north of
the river, and they are cut off entirely.
Telegraphic Report of the
Officer Says Only ¦'," Elec
trical Gear Is Damaged
Floods Along Canadian Pa
cific Line Causes Damage'
and Bridge Is Destroyed
Increase, as in Previous
Weeks, Is; Attributed to
Borrowing
AUGMENT- CIRCULATION
.SHIP'S HULL IS SAFE
HEATO FALL OF SNOW
Naval Constructor Capps
Sends Cheering News to the
Head of Navigation Bureau
Blizzard Rages Througout
Atlantic States and North
west, .Prostrating 'Traffic
Report of New York Banks
Shows New. Kecord for
Cash and Public Deposits
MISSOURI NOT
BADLY INJURED
LOANS SHOW
STEADY RISE
APRIL STORM
SWEEPS EAST
THE .SAN -FRANCISCO .CALL, . SUNDAY'^- APRIL -17; V 190s;
26
ADVERTISEMENTS. '..'....j:' .' "." ' '¦
We Offer $ 1 ,000
For a Disease Germ That Liquozone Can't Kill.
On every bottle of Liquozone we for similar rights on any scientific Dysentery— Diarrhea scrofula— Syphiiig
publish >n offer of Jiooo for a dis- discovery. We did this after tc>tin« gJSS^f!? SlTh^Trbuble^
ease gerni ue cannot kilL We dp the product for two years, through Kczema— .Rrystpeian Tuberculosis
thai to convince you that Liquorone physicians and hospitals, in this
does 3S we claim. / country and Others. - Gonorrhea— Gleet Women's Diseases
drug Uiat Wls germs is a poiso:. and zone does what all the skill in the e,,«.i.-aii the resuiu or impure or poisonous
it cannot be taken internally. Medi- world cannot do without it. ,lt docs bio«>u. ,
cine is. therefore, almost helpless in in germ diseases that which il imoos- SSSSSSSSSSSSSSS^^S!S&
• n X Ccrm disease. Liquozone alone sible with drtips. It carries into the
can kill germs in the body without blood a harmless yet powerful eermi- . 50c Bottle Free.
killing the tissues, too. - cide to destroy ationce ! and forever . •-.'._ * '¦. '.,<,
A _ . the causejof any germ disease. And If you need Liquozone and '".. have
• ACtS Like Oxygen. n< > m »" knows another wav to do it. never tried it. please send us this
. ¦' . • . .Liquozone is new in America, and coupqn. We will then mail vou an
Liquozoncis the result of a pro- millions who need it don't know of it. order on your local -druccist for a
crss which, for more than 20 .years. For that reason we -are soendihe fulj-size bottle, and we will. pay your
lias been the constant subject of $500,000 to give.'the 6rst bottle free druggist ourselves. for, it. This is our
scientific and chemical research. Its to each of a million sick ones. ._ free . gift, made to convince vou, to
virtues arc derived solely from gas. . . -• ' shovv you wliat' Liquozone is. and
made in large part from the best Germ DlSeaSeS. what it can do.; "In justjee to Vour-
oxygen producers. By a process re- . V self, please accept it to-dav.'. fbr it
quiring . immense apparatus and 14 •• These "are the known' cerm dis- places you under no obligation
days' time, these gases are made eases. All that medicine can do for whatever,
part of the- liquid product. these trophies is to help Nature over- : Liqtiozone costs soc and $t.
The result is a product that does come the germs, and such results arc / ...,-.,.... .
what oxygen does.- Oxygen gas, as indirect and uncertain., ? Liqijozone CUT OUT THIS, COUPON.
you know, is the very source of vi- Wl* the germs, wherever thev are. '.roY'this offer may not appear again, fiu
tality, the most essential element of and the results are inevitable... Bvde- -' ff*lV h ro W ¦^M.«w d^to^h t A?• lh rl!ri' |Mld •
li£c. Liguozonc is a vitalizing tonic ?troyjn K the cause of the trouble, it ° 8C>ne Co - 4 " 8 . 46 ° . « » ba8h ,.*-*•.. Chicago.
with which no other known product invariably ends the disease, and for- My disease u ....;
can compare. .But gtrins arc vege- «ver. • < - • ,i |^W^g^^^t.if^;
tables, and Liquozone, which—like A«thma Hay Fever-influenza tak* it. ' . : : -' : f; T"
oxj'gen — is life to an animal, is dead- n^i*!^"* 11 ' 1111 * ? l(iT XZ D*»ea»es •-•?•;
\y poison to vegetable matter. Biood poison Leucorrhea . ."..; '. '
MMMWmHKQSI Brleht's M»ea*e Liver Troubles . '
Wo OaM tlAfinnn Bowel Trouble* • Malaria— Neuralgia •. v . - \.
We raia 3>1UU,UUU ' Coorh»-Colds Many Hem Troublei •••• ........;.......
_ Consumption , PUes— Pneumonia . 514 Give full address--Vrlte;plalniy '
For the American rights to Liquo- Coiic T croup Pieuriiy-Qainsy ....; ' — ; L^J
tonr— thr hicVir^f nrir '* '' ¦ *>v*t nniA Constipation nheumatism Any physician , or .. hospital not < yet using
*on«— U1C nigJICSt price ever paid Catarrb— Cancer £kln Diseases * fclquoz-me *«U be gladly supplied for a test."
AI)VEBTTSEMENT3w*
iJTOAY
4 DAYS ENOUGH
"• jfiCUfa ¦ ' - •'To ; restore your
tS^^^j^mWi co^°^ T vitl1 r5 '
J^m^^^^^i rison's 4 - day
W^MSMS' "Hair v -- Restorer.
V - a harmless prc&
*y/7-?tP ' J» rati .onVvU that 4 \
iriitjtuu*, fa*---- leaves the , hair
free from sediment. Cleanly to
•use. No inconvenience. $1.00.
BEAUTY CULTIVATED
Wrinkles, Freckles,' Pimples,
- Blackheads, - Blotches and
Saliowness< REMOVED \
• Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
Ths Skin' Food and Tissue
Boilder.
This invigorating' and marvelous. -
preparation restores the_ complex- 1
ion in a short time to its former
youthful condition! Prevents
Wrinkles, feeding the . Hungry
Skin and Muscles. One applica-
tion of the Skin Food acts like a
charm. $0.75 Jar lasts three
months. All Druggists.
rr\ • * Ladies out of city send-
I filling this ad., with 10 cents
lllul in stamps, will receive a
¦ book of instructions and a
Ufli LOLA MONTEZ
CREME and Face Powder Free.
MRS, NETTIE HARRISON
DERMATOLOGIST, 3 ,'
140 GEARY ST., San Francisco,
Opp. City "of Paris.
T/Q pcrfeet Fittin s f/|Y
'W>}: Eyeglasses ©
j At Moderate Cost |\
V 642rMARKE.TST
R5fS53 WEAK. MiEIN
DR. HAUL'S H';rMVIGORATOR
Sm ¦* t 5 stops all Io5s^t> ai.<-. -:nn<ttur<il dis-
j I parses In 24 hours:' You !•«! *a
BBS WSf Imrruvemcnt from th« tint do*«.
W [Wf We have so much coarldtnce In our
A^Lj LLS; treatment that we offer Five Hun-
Bg drcd reward for any case w# can-
JBOa^mSSa not CU r«?. Th!a secret remedy cures
lost Dower, r.lshtly emissions, wasted organs,
varicccele, Kleet, strictures, kidneys, failing
memory, drains in ths urine, gonorrhoea, dis-
ease of the f>ro?tate glands and all other terri-
ble effects ot self-abuse or excesses, which lead
on to consumption and death. Positively cures
the worst ca.-t.-a in old or young of that morti-
fying condition, quickness of the discharge, and
wanting to do. and you can't. Sent sealed. 12
per hot tip. three bottles, $5. Guaranteed \yt
cure any case. O
Call or address orders HALL'S MEDICAlTV
INSTITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal
Also for sale at 1073*? Market St., S. F. Send
lor fr*» book. '-•? * :
OCEAU TRAVEL.
*>>». Steamers leave " Broadway
/rX^r<Sm\ wharves. Pler». .9 and 11.
f<?vC San Francisco.
/ftV^^ra^fcj \J\ For Ketehikan. Wranscl.
I / \vT^*H | I Juneau. ' Haln»«; Skagway.
I V \wuffl / / etc.. Alaska— 11 a. m.. Apr.
\*V VT - ''O'I 15 -' 20 ' =5 > 30. May 5. Change
VrJSvW^^^jJV to Company's steamers at
* v5>SrI*V?/ Seattle.
For Victoria. , Vancouver.
Port Townsend. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. Btl-
lirgham — 11 a. m., Anr. 1 13, 20. 25, '30, May Z.
Chsisge at Seattle to this company's steamers
fox Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at Seattle nr Tj-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (HumbolUt Bay) — Pomona, i :30
p. m., Apr. 16. 22, 2S, May 4. Spokane. 1::53
p. m., A?r. 19, 25, May 1. ••
For t<03 Angeles (via Part Lo« Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara—
Santa Rosa, Sundays, 0 a. m. - . • ¦ -
Stat* of California. Thursday*. 9 a. ro.
For Lou Aneeles <vla San Pedro and East
San P?dro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux, >!ou-
lerey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port liar ford (Sau
Luis Obls«po). Ventura and Haeneme.
Santa Crux. 0 a. m.. Apr. 19. (FreUht oniy.)^
Unnita, 0 a. m., Acr. 2l.'2ff,'-Mat 7. -m
For • En«<rnada. Magdalena Bay. San Jese del
Cabo. . Me 3. it la a. Altata, - La Pas. Santa Ke-
ealla. Guaymas (Ilex.). 10 a. m.. 7th of each
mor.th. For further informatlun obtain folder.
Rli-'htis reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
I TICKET OPPICXS — 4 Xew Montgom-
ery 5t; (l'alare Hfitel>, 10 Market st. and Brnad-
wav wharves. Treight Office, 10 Market st.
C I>- DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market St.. San • Francisco. ! '
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter s^. wt!l
call for and check baggage from hotels . and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
O. R. & N. CO.
OREGON satis April 7, 17, 27, Uay 7. 17
and 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails April 12. 22.
May 2, 12 and 22. Only ateamshio Una to
PORTLAND. OR., and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through ticket*
to all oolnts. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Stramer «alls foot of dpear St.. at
II a. m. S. F. BOOTH. • Gen. Agt. jt'asa.
Dcpt.. 1 Montgomery St.: C. CLIFFORD. Cen.
Asent Frelrbt Dez>t.. 3 Montgomery »t.
O£canic5r^o.HSi
' S. S. MAKIPOSA. for Tahiti, Apr. 23, II [ a. m.
S. S. ALAMKDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 23.11 a.m.
S. S. CIF.RRA. for Honolulu. Samoa; Auck-
land and Sydney. Thurs.. May 5. 2 p. m.
! J.D.SFBEOXLS & BEOS. CO.,AZtS.,TirSBl 0IC8 643 Hir-^
let Si., mm Office 329 Harm si, Ptei 7, Picifc jl
V^-i KOSMOS LINE.
fKts3H (Magellan Route.>
KvVjy/ Passenger Service— Through Wlth-
XBFff out Cbanve.
"HSSBtt 8. S. "AMASIS.*: 7000 tons.
I .. **. . Captain C. Jansen. sailing from
-San Francisco on or about April 20. -- 1904. for
London. Hamburg and . all principal port* in
Mexico. Central and South America. For rate*
and particulars apply at passenger office. Oil
1 Market St.. or ¦ .^^i%:Qaj«iaUB|
LEJJDAL M. GRAT, Maaaser.
, S20. Market it.. San Francisco.
COMPAQKIE GESESALE TRAN3ATLA5TIQ7S.
| DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday instead of Jf.>-£Cfa
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, 3 **^-
North ¦ River. 1 foot of Morton «t.
First dasa to . Havre. $70 «nd upward; Sec-
' ond class to Havre. - $45 - and upward. GEN-
• ERA1. AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New York. J» F. FUQAZI & CO.. Pacific Ctoast
Agents, & Montgomery avenne. San Francisco.
1 Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
Mare Iilana and Vaiiejo st«*mer».
. Steamer GEN. FRISBIE or M0NT1CELXO—
0:15 a. m.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m., except Sunday.
Sunday.'»:45 a,- m.. 8:3O p.m. L«av« Vall«jo
7 a- m., 12:30 and Up. m.; -except "Sunday.
Sunday.- 7. a. m., 4:15 p.-m. > Far*. .50 'cents.
Teir^Ialn 1508.- Pier 2,' Mls»lon-»t. dock.
HATCH BROS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Jk\ijf Saturday, April 23d
)W Denver's most exclusive and
widely known
SILVERSMITHS
Will formally introduce them-
selves to the new San Francisco.
• The beautiful productions of
I 1 their Denver establishment
/X have earned for them an envi-
jyL able reputation,, which 'long
m^ experience and thorough equip*
yi ment will have no difficuity
|f « in maintaining for their San
n Francisco store. *
104-11Q Gearj 5treef
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
In the picture above is shown one of ouf
most attraGtive patterns as it now stands : in;
-.the hall leading to our furnished .exhibition ;
rooms. Quarter-sawed oak, golden , finish;and
43 inches long by 28 inches; wide. " '
1^'^. sca^ e begins at about
; fourteen dollafs.K , - .
(Formerly the^Galifbrnia, .Furniture Go:). ; ;;
26 1 to "28 1 Geary Street, % at Union SquareJudge Lawlor. yesterday granted the
motion of Attorney W. D. Grady, on
behalf j of Alexander B. ; Garnett.
charged wlth:the murder of Major J.
W. McClurfg. for the appointment of
a commission jto rtake the testimony
of'*; Mrs; Elizabeth Hitchcock-Coit in
Paris, France. 1 ; *f he'; trial* will: be con
tinued till the : receipt of the; report of
the. commission. -. . • " .
To Take Mrs. Colt's Testimony.
Annie Merrill Is Chosen . President of
Organization' and William Abbott
Secretary. -
At the annual meeting of the board
of trustees of the California Bible So
ciety the : following officers -were
elected for the; epsuing year: . \ •-'
President, Annie Merrill; vice -president. D.
Gilbert Dexter; _ secretary,. William Abbott"
treasurer. -Edward P. . Flint; - superintendent.'
John Thompson; additional vice president*
Rev. - Bishop J. W. Hamilton (D.D. LU.D )'
Right Rev. Bishop .W. F. -Nichols (D.D. LU
D.). R«v. William Rader (D.D.). Rev. WllUam
K. Guthrle. Rev. 'Joseph Rowell, ¦ Rev. J • "A
B. Wilson (D.D.). ; Rev. : K. - R. Dille (D D )
Hew E. E. Bai*r'(D.D.). Rev.'- John Hemp
hlll (D.D.). Rev. TV. W. Case (D.D.). Rev! W
C. Pond <D.D.). Rev. J. K. McLean (D.D.).
Rev. -. C. R'-Brown,. Rev." George C." Adams
(D.D.), - Rev. Hugh W. . Frazer (D.D.) ' . Rev.
John . Coy le CD. D.). Rev. ¦ George McCorml c k
(D.D.). Rev. I. A. Condlt . (D.D.). s Rev. F. D.
Bovard (D.D.),: Rev; F. Bonn, Rev H M
McKnlght. George ,T. Hawlev h Rolla W Watt,
Rev. ¦M.'-C. Harris <D.D.), J.»C. Stubbs. R*v
George W. ¦ "White. ; Rev.- A. - C. ¦ Bane - (D.D.),
"William McMurray. Rev. F. M. Larkln (D.D )
Rev. H. H. Bell. . . . . . -
AflYlsory '. board . (Lo« Anre!e»)—F. . a; . Key.
raour." M. D.;" chalrnvi* Robert « A. Fo-srl«r,
treasurer. >; ' -j&BmBBBSHBStKKRKRBBiiUBBRKKBn
Committees (on anniversary)— John Thomp
son. C. S. Wright, D. Gilbert Dexter. Benjamin
Remain*. . V \.-t. -.:.- '-'•"
On auditing — Benjamin Romaine, T. C.'' John-"
¦ton.', C. S. WrfAht. " '""' I Ji' 1 " f i | X» l "»Wjfl
On distribution and • colportare — D. Gilbert
Dexter. • John Thompson. Annla Merrill. -
On finance and real estate — E.: P." Flint, TVTI
1 lam Abbott,* T. C Johnston,' D. Gilbert Dexter,
Benjamin Romaine. ¦ .
OFFICERS ELECTED : TO ¦
GOVERN BIBLE SOCIETX
If for any cause THE CAZ.Z. it sot de
livered rssrularly to subscribers please
call up "GAI.I. EXCHANGE" and notify
Subscription Clerk la charge. Tow eom
plaiat will receive prompt attention.
A ¦tandlnr reward of Ten Dollars
(S1O.O0) is off ere* for the arrest- aaA
conviction of any one caught stealing
THE CAIO.. "•'.>: '•¦. ;•,:•' ¦-¦¦'¦ :,
Your Paper.
Notify The CaU Office if You Miss
TEX DOLLARS REWARD.
The Federated Mission Improvement
Clubs filed communications yesterday
with . the Mayor and Board of Works
directing attention to the filthy con
dition of the streets In the district west
of larkln and Ninth streets, especially
in the Mission and Western Addition
districts, and also urging better street
cleaning.
Complains of Filthy Streets.
Thomas Melcom was released from
custody yesterday, by order of
States District Attorney Woodworth.
Melcom was arrested In Oakland last
Wednesday_.for passing a bad dollar
on Peter Christiansen, a saloon-keep
er on t Washington street. United
States Secret Agent Hazen found that
Melcom was drunk at the time and
that he had no other money" In his
possession. Under the ' circumstances
the District Attorney did not think a
conviction could be had.
Passes Bad Money.
The court-martial which has been
trying the case of Lieutenant Fred
erick B. Nellson, Twelfth Cavalry,
who is charged with having duplicated
his. pay accounts, arrived at Its con
clusion yesterday morning. The full
court was in attendance, as also were
the accused and his attprnej', H. D.
Pillsbury. Major John Bigelow Jr., a
member, of the court, wanted to ask
the defendant some further questions
and Neilson ; readily granted the re
quest. A few minor technicalities o/
the law were discussed and then the
court went into secret session. A ver
dict was rendered in a very short
space of time, and the court adjourned
to meet on Monday- at 10 a. m. to re
view the findings, which will then be
sent .to General MacArthur, ¦ who will
in turn hand them over, to Judge Ad
vocate Major Henry, M. Morrow for re
vision, after which 'the papers in the
case will be forwarded to President
Roosevelt.
The findincrs of -the court have not
been made public. The 'personnel of
the court has . been composed/of offi
cers of unusually high rank, none be-'
ing of lower grade than captain, r The
accused ! has "had the best of legal
talent placed at his disposal by . his
wealthy and' influential brothers in
Philadelphia, and- it 'is reported : that
much influence has been brought to
bear on the case to save Neilson his
commission. :
„¦¦', : Captain John ( J. Bradley.' Four
teenth Infantry, *; and 'family -were
among. the passengers returning from
the; Philippines on the transport Sher
idan.' , The severe illness of , Mrs.'' Brad •
leyls the cause'of his return, the Gov
ernment * ' Having/'- granted him 7; two
months'" leave for that purpose.' Mrs.
Bradley has : always enjoyed " the best
of •" health in / the ['¦ Philippines : during
both her visits there, but early* in Feb
ruary she.: was /suddenly, taken* with
nervous . prostration,' which '¦ amounted
to a complete "collapse , and to 1 this was
added an attack , of melancholia.^ They
were in Samar; at the time. Immedi
ately on arrival here Mrs.' Bradley was
taken ; ; to the »Adler'; Sanatorium* and
Court-Martial Trying Officer
Accused of Duplicating
Accounts Comes toDecision
. The Filipino constabulary, together
with their splendid band, which came
over on the Sheridan from Manila, left
yesterday afternoon at 5 o'clock on
a special train for the St. Louis,Ex
position. They remained on the trans
port while here,. but were- allowed the
freedom of the. city when they so de
sired.. - •
Colonel Earl D. Thomas, Eleventh
Cavalry: Captain .Letcher Hardeman,
Eleventh Cavalry, -.and Lieutenant
William ,E. Roberts,' Twenty-second
Infantry, .paid official calls on General
MacArthur" yesterday.
General Francis Moore is spending
a; few. days in .town; prior to his de
parture for his -post, at Fort Riley.
"The Eleventh Cavalry will probably
leave for. the v East'.- on Tuesday or
Wednesday. \
placed in charge of a specialist. Cap
tain Bradley and his three little chil
dren are at the Occidental.
Mrs. Bradley, is the daughter of
Captain Joseph A. Sladen, U. S. A.,
and sister of Captain Fred W. Sladen.
U. S. A. Before marriage,' as Miss
Carrie Sladen, she was one of the
acknowledged belles, of the army and
a favorite in the social world, both on
the coast and at New York and Wash
ington.
Miller, Harry M. French and William
W. Scott. —
Easton. Eldrldge & Co. report that
they have made several sales In the
Carmelita vineyard property, twenty
miles east of Fresno, at the head
waters of Kings River, and are also
making marked success in settling up
the Stevenson colony lands in Stanis
laus County, between Livingston and
Xewman stations. George D. Easton
has conducted a party from Minne
apolis to the Stevenson colony and F.
T. K. Knewing will bring out an Eng
lish party of colonists to the Steven
son lands about the middle of May.
NE ILSON CASE
IS CONCLUDED
Bros., $75; Wellman, Peck & Co., $50;
American Biscuit Company, $50: West
ern Meat. Company. Liege & Has
kins : Company. $50; Stockton Milling
Company, $50; American Can Company,
$50; Johnson-Locke Mercantile Com
pany, $50; California Fruit Canners*
Association, $50; D. Ghirardelll & Co.,
$50; Sussman, Wormser & Co., $50.
A Tery interesting programme is be
ing prepared by the local grocers for
the delegates who will attend the sev
enth annual. convention of the National
Grocers' Association, which is to be
held In this city during the, week be
ginning May 2. A committee consisting
of Joseph A. Stulz, president of the
California Retail Grocers' and Mer
chants' Association; Thomas H. Cor
coran, president of the San Francisco
Retail Grocers, and Aaron H. Powers,
editor of the Retail Grocers* Advocate,
will' meet the delegates at Sacramento
and accompany them to this city. The
national officers will have their head
quarters at the Hotel St. Francis.
The convention will be held in the
annex adjoining the Mechanics' Pa
vilion. Monday. May 2. there will be a
business session. In the evening there
will be a reception at the nave of the
ferry building, which will be Illumin
ated and decorated for the occasion.
The exhibits of the State Mining Bu
reau and the State Board of Trade will
be illuminated, and there will be a spe
cial demonstration given by the Board
of Trade of the methods of preparing
California dried fruit.
There will be a business session all
day Tuesday. There will he two ex
cursions for the delegates for Wednes
day. One will be a trip to the Astl
vineyards over the California and
Northwestern Railroad. The delegates
making this trip will be the guests jot
the Italian-Swiss Colony. There will
be a second excursion through Ala
meda) Berkeley and Oakland and the
State University, with dinner at one of
the leading hotels of Oakland. In the>
evening there will be a theater party
at "the Chutes, to which not only the
delegates and their wives, but all the
members of the San Francisco Retail
Grocers* Association and the grocers*
associations of Alameda, Berkeley and
Oakland, will be Invited.
On Thursday will be the last bus : - *s
session of the convention. Officer* "or
the ensuing year will be elected and the
place for the next convention decided
upon. In- the evening there will be a
banquet tendered the delegates. Some
of the local notables in the grocery
trade will • also be invited to festive
board. •
Friday will be devoted to sightseeing
in San Francisco.
An excursion to San Jose has beea
arranged for Saturday, May 7. This will
conclude the programme of entertain
ment for San Francisco. The Califor
nia Promotion Committee Is assisting
the grocers in the work of preparation.
Letters are being received from East
ern points that Indicate tijat this con
vention will be the largest in the his
tory of the National Grocers* Associa
tion. A large delegation will attend
from Atlanta, Ga. The grocers of the
Southern States would like to secure
the convention for that city. An at
tempt will also be made to secure the
next convention for Niagara Falls. The
State of New York will send a large
delegation here with that idea in view.
Probably the largest delegation will
come from the State of Illinois.
The local wholesalers and manufac
turers "have contributed vsry liberally
toward the fund for entertaining the
visitors. Among the larger contribu
tions are the following: Brewers* As
sociation, 5250; A. Schilling & Co.. $200:
Sperry Flour Company, $200: Western
Sugar Refining Company. $200; Bot
tlers' Protective Association. $150: M.
J. Brandenstein . & Co., $100: William
Cluff & Co., $100; J. A. Folger & Co..
$100; California and Northwestern
Railway, $100: Tillmann & Bendel, $100:
Port Costa Milling Company, $75; Hills
Tradesmen Will Be Koyally
Treated During Their Stay
in City at Convention
TO HAVE A BIG TIME
To a client of F. B. Surrhyne the
southwest corner of Sutter and "Web-
Through the agencs* of Madison &
Burke. Mr. and Mrs. Jerome A. Hart
have bought eight pieces of property
adjoining their former holdings on the
northwest corner of Sacramento and
Mason streets, which gives them a 50
vara on the corner, and some proper
ties on Ev.ell street, in the rear. The
corner is diagonally opposite the new
Fairmont Hotel. It is reported that a
handsome residence will be erected on
th» corner.
Thomas Magee & Sons have also sold
for A. S. Mann the southeast corner
of Clement street and Twenty-second
avenue. 44x100 feet, to A. L. L. R. Fulda
for $1000; also 20x57:6 feet and three
rtory building on the north line of
Lewis street, between Taylor and
Jones, for Edward Stearns. The price
was $5125.
Thomas Magee & Sons have sold for
the account of Rose Cchn. by Moses
A. Ounst. her attorney In fact, the
residence and lot on the northwest cor
ner of Bush and Hyde streets. It has
a frontage of 40 feet on the northerly
line cf Bush street, by a depth of 127%
feet on the westerly line of Hyde street,
and has on it a large and substantial
residence. The price Is about $25,000.
For about $35,000 the same firm has
eold for Morris Meyerfeld Jr. the build
ing. Nos. 1427-23 Polk street, west side,
between Pine and California, with a
frontage of 34H feet by a depth or S3?i
feet, and three-story frame building,
stores below and flat6 above; also the
residence lot on the north side of Val
lejo Etreet, 327% feet east of Broderick,
thence east 50 feet front by north 137%
feet deep, for Edward Everett; to Dr.
Samuel A. Boyd for $SSOO for Edward
C Young residence lot on Vallejo
street, 110 feet west of Stelner, 27:6x
137:6. Good residences will be erected
by the new owners of the last two
lots mentioned.
OTHER LEADING DEALS.
Hawks & Fkelton have sold for H. D.
end J. L. Hawks 27x137:6 feet .and
house on the west line of Larkln street,
£6 feet north of Chestnut, for $17,500.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. have sold for
Mrs. Sarah N. Morris to A. J. Raisch
€7:6x137:6 feet on the north line of Clay
•«treet. 70 feet west of Gough. for $15,100.
The same brokers have also 6old for
Isaac Eliasar to a client 27:6x57:6 feet
and improvements on the west line of
Franklin street. S5 feet south of O'Far
.rell. for $15,000.
Holcomb Land Company for $37,000
€S:5xl37:6 leet and three-story build-
Ings on the south line of Eddy etreet,
123:6 feet west of Polk.
Shainv.ald. Buckbee & Co. have sold
for the Anglo-Californlan Bank and the
"Wolf famiJy to Louis Friediander end
F. K. Houston the property at 244 Sut
ter street, north line. 47:6 feet east of
Grant avenue, 20 feet en Sutter 6treet
and S7:3 feet en Berry 6treet, with Im
provements that rent for $200 a month,
for SCO.OOO.
C. F. Humphrey, through the agency
of Speck & Co.. has bought from the
on Mission street, between Third and
Fourth streets, to the Standard Wall
Paper Company lor five years.
The Behlow Estate Company has sold
the northtveft corner of Howard and
Second streets. 74xS5:7ii feet, for about
$C5.000.
Lease? of hl£fc-rr!e*d city lands for
trrras cf yeaw to parties who Intend to
erect costly buildings thweoa, and a
generally active demand for medium
¦lred properties in tnls city and the
extension of the Interest more strongly
to the growing: ar.d charming 'suburbs
•f San Friincisxjo will attract tha at
tention of the present observer to tiie
progress that Is making In tho local
realty market.
Ortatry lands are sftH!ng better than
for a long time. Colonies are growing
asd people from abroad are oomi'ng la
as ssorchasers of colony lands at fair
prices. Tn« proscperity of San Francis
co has had a good e£eet oa the ooun
try. azfl t£e Interior has a£dad to the
good prospect for the metropolis of the
oo&rL Auctions are resulting welL The
oScea of the brokers are frequented
daily by inquirers for properties. The
only reason that there are not more
large properties In this city for sale is
that there la a general belief that cen
tral real estate is as reliable a source
ef steady income and Increasing earn
ings as any to be found. Hence tne
prices are stiSy held and owners are
not anxious to close out what they
have, even at the present prices.
Ehaiswald. Buckbee & Co. have leased
on private terms for the Pope Estate
Company the lot fronting 91 :S feet on
the northwest line of Market street
at the gore with Sacramento and run
ning through to Sacramento street,
next east cf the Levi building, for twen
ty years, to b« used as the site of a
hotel. They have alro leased from the
Pcpe Estate Company the northeast
corner of Eighth and Howard Btreets.
1€5 feet on Eighth street and 275 feet
on Howard, for twenty years to the
Metropolitan Laundry Company as the
6ite for a $50,000 building to be erected
by the laundry company; also the John
H. Spring building, at 113 to 129 New
Montgomery street, for five years, the
parties being Ingerson & Glaser, the
Riggers* and Stevedores* Union, the
G'obe Engineering Works, the John
Douglass Company and F. G. Wulxer;
also the Mission street side of the
Crossley building to the Northern Com
mercial Company, and a store and
Vaserr.ent In the same building to Hunt,
Mcrk & Co.; also a store and basement
5n the Scott & Van Arsdale building.
Lot 27x137:6, on the north line of
, Broadway, 170 feet west of Gough, from
George Campbell to H. M. Rogers, for
$6600; lot 25xS0. on the east line of
; Langton street, 250 feet south of How
ard, with three Hats, renting for $45
a month, from J. O. Sullivan to Her
man Schottler, for $3500; lot 37x250. on
the east line of Castro street, 179 feet
south of Eighteenth, with stores and
flats, for $6750; lot 25x137:6. on the west
side of Laurel street, 132 feet south of
Sacramento, from George Dyer to Win
ifred Dempsey, for $1500; lot 25x120, on
the east line of Twenty-second avenue,
250 feet north of Clement street, from
Pallas N. Ashley to Christiana Cuneo,
for $625.
The following sales have been made
by Madison & Burke:
For A- Le Gay Wilklns, S5x53 feet
and old improvements on the north
side of Commercial etreet, between
Montgomery and Kearny, for $9500; for
Charles Le Gay, 50x125 feet on the east
line of Landers street, between Four
teenth and Fifteenth, for $3S50; the
half Interest of L. M. Haycraft in 60x60
feet and intprovements on the east side
of Powell 6treet, between Pacific and
Broadway, for $15,500; for A. Cohan,
lot and six flats on the east side of
Harriet street, between Harrison and
Bryant, for $5100; for Louise N. Wil
klns. 25x75 feet and two flats on the
south side of Clinton Park, between
Dolores and Guerrero streets, for $3000;
for P. Arata, 25x75 feet and Improve
ments on the east tide of Hardy street,
between Sixteenth and Seventeenth, for
$1537 50; for C. W. Hogan. 26x100 feet
and Improvements on the west side of
Alabama street, between Twenty-sec
ond and Twenty-third, for $2250.
Sales are reported by Sol Getz & Son
as follows: Lot 50x120 feet on the west
liry of Forty-fifth avenue,' 150 feet
south of H street, to A. Lawton. for
S2G&0; 25x100 feet on the south line of
H street, £2:6 feet west of Forty-fifth
avenue, to E. Lemon for $1200: 32:6x100
feet on the northwest corner of Four
teenth avenue and C etreet, to M. J.
Ladeke; 32:6x100 feet on the northwest
corner of L street and Forty-seventh
avenue, to G. Thralken for $1000; 45x100
feet on the southwest corner of Forty
seventh avenue and K street," to F. In
man: 25x100 feet on the north line of L
street, 32:6 feet west of Forty-seventh
avenue, to M. J. Ladeke for $500; 25x59
feet on the east line of Fifteenth ave
nue, 124 feet north of C street, to Nellie
Thomas; 25x100 feet' on the south line
of K street, 57:6 feet east of Twenty
third avenue, to E. Prendergast for
$300. ; ; = ':-
A real estate office has been opened
by R. S. Browne & Co. at 203 Mont
gomery street.
OFFERINGS AT AUCTION*.
Easton, Eldridge & Co. report that
the Chico excursion for Friday. April
22. is attracting considerable attention,
and from present appearances the post
ponement from February 22 to the an
nounced date was of gTeat advantage.
The Epeclal excursion Pullman train
will leave San Francisco on Friday
evening. April 22. at 8 o'clock, stopping
at lecal stations all along the way. and
will be due to arrive In Chlco Saturday
morning at 7 o'clock. The excursionists
will be received by a special reception
committee and escorted to breakfast,
and afterward, with conveyances pro
vided, an opportunity will be had to'
view Chlco and its immediate vicinity
to the best advantage. The property
to be offered is attractive, being a part
of the John Bidwell rancho. It is im
mediately adjacent to the city limits,
the official streets of Cblco being con
tinued through "the property. The,
round-trip fare from San Francisco Isj
$5 40. and from Sacramento $3 SO. From '
local stations along the line the fare •'
for the round trip has been fixed at j
the passage for one way. Returning,
the excursion train will leave Chlco
Saturday evening, April 23. arriving In '
San Francisco early Sunday morning. '
provements at 141 Collins street, $1750.
Bovee, Toy &. Co. have made sales
as follows:
»1A>*Y PROPERTIES SELL.
Sales are reported by G. H. Umbsen
& Co. as follows: Mrs. J. E. Culver
well, lot 25:9x120 feet and Improvements
on the south line of Ellis street, 154:6
feet west of Buchanan, $6400; H. W.
Elsert. L0xl87:« feet on the south line
of Hayes street, 131:3 feet west of
Clayton. J425O; Mrs. M. T. Gaffke. 25x75
feet and Improvements at 12 and 12
Langton street, JSC25; A. J. Ranken, 2Sx
125 feet on the west line of Sanchez
etreet, 2S0 feet north of Fourteenth,
JJ600; A. J. Ranken, 25x108 feet on the
north line of Fourteenth street. 100 feet
west of Sanchez, $2500; J. D. Menden
hall, 60x100 feet on the west line of
Bryant street. 90 feet south of Twenty
fifth, $2225; James O'Hanlon, 25x114 feet
on the south line of Twenty-second
street. 200 feet east of Guerrero, $2000;
Mrs. M. McMahon, 25x120 feet and Im-
The southwest corner of Seventh and j
Townsend streets has been sold by the
!Lynch . bjelrs oa private terms. Th« ]
price Is rumored, to have been about
$100,000.
The following salts axe reported by
Hawks & Skelton: For the estate of
A. C. Page, ESxlOO feet on the east line
of Franklin street. 79 feet south of
Greenwich, for S2700; for the Spring
Valley Water Company. 25x80 feet on
the east side of De Long avenue, 200
feet south of Waller street, for $1200.
and lot 33x65 feet on. the south side of
Twenty-seventh street, 73:10 feet west
of Dolores.
John F. Connolly, the manager of the
RiaJto building, for Herbert E. Law,
was the copurchaser with Dr. 'William
Edwards of the property on the north
east corner of Pine street and St.
Mary's place, and not James Connolly,
as was rezwrted last week. The sale
was made through the agency of Da
vidson & Leigh. -
rter streets has b*en sold by Horaleln
Bros, for 1S0.00& It Is a 50-vara. The
new owner will put up flats.
The old Supreme Court building on
the northwest corner of Larkln and
McAllister streets has been bought
from the Hale estate bv Mrs. Josephine
Boyle far $220,000. Mrs. Boyl« la on«
al the Halo heirs.
T&roush the agency of M&disoa & <
Burk« the Wocvjs trust baa sold ths '
southwest corner of Battery and Val
lejo streets to & cUent. Tt> feet on Bat- J
tery street. 137:6 feet on VsJlejo street
and Lynch alley, with three-story brick
and two-story atone building;, for
$30,003.
Special Train Bearing Dele
agates Will Be Met by a
Committee at Sacramento
Business Men See Opportunities for Profit in Using Land
Owned by Others When It Is Situated in Central Parts
of San Francisco Where Tide of Travel Steadily Flows
GROCERS WILL
CONVENE HERE
TAKE HIGH PRICED REALTY
ON LEASES AND WILL BUILD
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, APRIL IT/ 1904.
27
Tickets for the excursion and reserva
tions for sleepers can be had at the of
fice of Easton, Eldrldge & Co. or at the
Southern Pacific office In the 'Grand
Hotel.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. will auction San
Mateo Heights property on April 30. at
1:20 p. m. The lots to be disposed of
number 150. They are 60x150 each. San
Mateo Heights has city water, -sewers
and electric cars among other advan
tages.
To-morrow G. H. Umbsen & Co. will
offer at auction eighteen pieces of real
ty belonging to the Savings and Loan
Society.
Next Thursday the Von Rheln Real
Estate Company "will sell at auction
miscellaneous properties:
Sixteen lots on Fulton and North
Stanyan streets and on Parker avenue
will be auctioned by Henry Stern of
David Stem & Sons at Union Square
Hall. 421 Post street, on. Thursday next
at noon. These lots have a splendid
marine view and are v in every tvay de
sirable as residence sites. The McAllis
ter street cars pass the property and
other car lines are near. The street
work is done. The. terms are one-third
cash only, the remainder being payable
in one and two years at 6 per cent;
: Henry Stem of David Stern & Sons
has sold twenty-two lots In the Excel
sior tract In "Sausallto for about
$23,000. Of these fourteen were sold
at auction and the remaining were dis
posed of at private Bale by Henry
Stern.
Herman Shainwald of Shalnwald.
Buckbee fc Co. Is expected to arrive
home on his way from Europe early
this week.
A. W. Wilson will build on the south
line of Sacramento street, ,137:6 feet
west of/Octavla. a New York apart
ment house to cost about S75. 000. i
Lyon & Hoag have established a
co'untry land department, for the sale
of large tracts in subdivisions. They
have for- sale the Moulton ranch In
Colusa County, which extends from
Colusa fourteen .miles along the Sac
ramento River and includes 18.000
acre" of fiire valley - land. A .prune
orchard of ninety acres has been sold
to George Mitchell for $15,800. :Hi
Briggs will have, charge In San Fran
cisco of the country department. . As
sessor J. L. Swank will -care for the
Interests of the firm in Colusa.
. Oscar' Heyman reports the sale of
lots, and cottages on Burrows street,
near, San Bruno: on San Miguel street;
near Geneva, .and lots on the south
east corner of Yale and Felton streets:
on the west line of Ashbury street,
near Tremont, and" on 'Schiller street,
near .Goethe. The cottages were
bought by John Tanke and John E.
Bry ngelson and the lots ! by ' C. " W7
SEE \ THE • PHOTOGRAPHS.
FOUIi . FIGHTIXG IX THE
PRIZE RING: Sfr&l
By • Professor de ¦ Witt C. .Van
¦¦ i, -i: Court.- '--^ ¦• ' -.-'¦¦ ;-.
Boxing Instructor : at. the Olym-
x ;^;plc^Club;
NEXT ; SUNDAY CAI Hi. j
- AD VEHTISEMEUTa.
"77*'
Cures Crip and
¦ Dr. : Humphreys' System . of Specifics
coyer every malady that a layman should
treat. .We ; pivc a condensed list — there
are many others: *
No. 1 for Fever*.
Xo. * 2 '¦"*. "Worms. .
. : No. 3 " Teethlns.
Ko. 4 " : Diarrhea.
No. 8 ** . Neuralgria.
No. ,9 4" Headaches. .
No. 10 "Dyspepsia. -
Xo."l4 " The Skin.
,'.' Xo. 15" ** Rheumatism.
No. 16' '-" Malaria.
No. 20 ** Whooping Cough.
. . No.:7 . "The Kidneys.
.No.. 30'. ". The Blader.
- At flruffslsts*. 23 cants ' each.' cr* mailed.
Cloth Bound Book mailed free.
Humphreys' Med. Co.. Cor. WUlUm Js Joi»
tUHii. ?Jtw Tork. .
POETUM CEBEAL.
| Fierce Fight*
* to quit
COFFEE
Bat. easy when you have choice
well made
Postum Coffee
. . ¦ ¦."'¦'¦ " '¦ '¦'"¦ "•"• /'V\- APVEBTiBBareyTaU " ¦ ¦' : ¦•¦¦¦¦; .;-.-: - .•--. .' ¦ '.'¦•: ,
x9 r-^^^*^**"'" l "»frs***aKtt>^s^s^hi^.^B\^^- . J^s^- J^^^fc^^^sfaaa^Baa^asaMWB*as^^*B^s^a^aa^asm^ J^B»iii^s^B^B>^»«sii»»^sh^^^ ..^^^j^a^ J^^as*i^^BBsfcji^^^^^^^^^^^^^s^sisisi«s^Ba^B^tB^B^Ba^Baa»Biait1ttttia^s^fas1aBs^a^Basw J^»aaaa^MBaaa^as%Ji^F b^b^^^^^^^^^bW^LiV I^K^r
S fflr '¦ W *TT* amr«v| «% C*^sT*^^T\ T^ a£^ft
I "Monday pinly-- If you care 1
fat all for mc/ney, by all means take advantage of this great one-day- I
I price-cut-sale— the most stupendous value-giving event ever held iri f
& San FrpnriQrn W '
I -^ Suits for
% /gr^J^^* '-*"" Eton Street Costume in Twine cloths, summery Serges, a
r iff *Ws^jF^ Bannockburn Scotches, light weight Cheviots, garnished w
* 1* Jp$j\^/ with tastefully appiiqued braid, rich, and effective. 3
a m New Spring colors in Blues, Browns and Mixtures. This 1
S (ftt^^^^^^^^ lot embraces five different styles, each a characteristic 1
S \» - novelty, an exclusive design. Up to closing time Saturday 1
« sold for $25. If there are any left Tuesday morning M
I •^^^^^vJI ]m they wiir.be/S25.;> For Monday only. ............. $16.67 4 1
I -nittPfe ' $35 SuitS f0F $i3>3 : 4 l
vL Mfy$^)rWf The new Belted Blouse^ Eton— an "exquisite reproduc- %
xS%' j^f%^m !^ §v>^ tion of Callot's famous model, made of Crepon de Cieto.in €L
•>gj '^©II ! h^^' c^>, Onion Brown and 'Parsifal Blue, coat handsomely embel- fe?
g - 'if^vx^l^ C^x : lished with revoillue braid and dull gilt buttons— white j
g "» |||^S J I 'Jf> • \\ / broadcloth collar — nine-gore skirt beautifully trimmed to S
g | |f^p 'jilV ; match jacket. These suits are marked $35, but Monday J" '
I iml'S 'i'lk you will only have to pay the saleswoman ...... $23.34 «
I Kffl Wm^^^^^^^^^ Triple' cape Zouave costume, strikingly effective, 1
I collarless, gauntlet cuff, little vest and deep girdle— 1
5 Mcki* '^\|^^^^^r made of summery weight cheviots. These come in 1
I #(™WU1m^'^»^«%-'^ ' pretty shades of Brown, Black and Blue. JThey are J
6 Cw^^^vfe|W-\ N i^^^^^^ richl y trimmed with silk braid and crochet buttons. *
1 \^^Sl li^®V^v^^^^«c«T^ Skirt with front panel and deep flounce effect. - Instead *
M "st. .' of paying the saleswoman the. regular price $50, • just .9
Jk, <% hand her ..............;........ ...$33.33 *
rg NOTE — The price tags and tickets on the above garments remain just as :they; were when the gong rang at closing S
B time last night. Make your selection— then pay the saleswoman a third less than the plainly marked price— that's, all. •
3 ALTERATIONS — Our skilled fitters will make. all necessary alterations, as usual— assuring the most perfect fit— v* .
I WALKING HATS I 1
S For us the season is almost over— for you it has just TWt M (l^\/^&Wl /i^^r fti S
9 begun. Our styles are advanced French ideas. \\ r e are JW JEpTO^^iSjHl i
already preparing for the late summer modes. For to- jftf.uM.r Hi Rs»^Jl Bm Bfilf^^|§j hBi)\ f_ B^
i& morrow, to clean up all our hats, irrespective of former V^J?^ mk imtS^tB^gg.' %^
§T^ prices, you may take your unrestricted d» <J /V/% W\\l jjWIQHS^ffiE AYE^V^^ aHOiice again "are the Bog-ans, Mary
and Patrick, In "court. ; Mrs. Bogan
yesterday filed a suit for $ 50 ' a month
separate support against '• her hus
band, Patrick,' claiming that though
he . : earns »4 a day at Mare Island and
has a pension of $14 a month from the
United States Government, he does not
provide for her. ¦+ She asks for $50 a
month. Bogan has .acquired -fame
through his : attempts to - secure a di
vorce from the plaintiff in the present
action*. On' three different occasions
he commenced ; divorce"' proceedings,
and each." attempt "ended-; in failure,
Bogan failing to prove his right to a
Bogans in Court Again.
Mary E. Rust, whose husband. Ed
par C. Rust is an employe of the
Rawhide Gold Mining Company, yes
terday sued him for maintenance. She
Suck Itust for Slaintenance.
The twelfth anniversary of the in
stitution of Bucna Vista Parlor.^ Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West,
will be celebrated on Thursday even
ing: next by a grand ball in Native
Sons' Hall.
Bucna Vista's Anniversary.
John G. Koster, a farm hand, thinks
the middle finger of his left hand is
worth 510,000. Accordingly, he is su
ing J. Warren Dutton for that sum
In damages because while driving a
team belonging to Dutton it ran away
and injured his hand so that he had
to have the finger in question ampu
tated. The accident occurred in
April, 1903.
Puts High Value on Finger.
The defendant in the suit are Mrs.
Henry Krebs, Mrs. H. , Pinney, Mrs.
E. J. Foster, Mrs. W. F. Southard,
Mrs. W. C. Morrow, Mrs. G. Kibbe,
Mrs. H. P. Sexton, Mrs. Charles New
man, Ina D. Coolbrith, Alice K. Coo
ley, Augusta Friedrich, Ada X H. Van
Pelt, Grace Hlbbard, -Hester Dlcken
son, Sarah E. Reamer and Florence
Percy' Matheson. The ' husbands of
the .married women among the de
fendants ,are also named as defend
ants.' . ¦ • .
The suit for damages .threatened by
the women of. the California "Women's
Press Association who were expelled
last November materialized yesterday.
Mrs. Marion B. Foster filed a suit for
$100,000 damages against sixteen mem
bers of the association, claiming that
her retirement from . the association
last November, was the result of a con
spiracy formed by the defendants. She
says they lied about her, ' gossiped
about her. and trumped up some^kind
of. charge against her, which she was
not given the privilege oZ refuting.
She says their, every action was ac
tuated by jealousy and envy. Sam
uel' V. Foster, husband of Mrs. Fos
ter, is associated . with her. as plaintiff.
Marlon B. Foster Sues the California
Women's Press Association for
$100,000 Damages.
QUARREL AMONG LITERARY
WOMEN RESULTS IN SUIT
Replying to an inquiry of the Board
of Supervisors, W. R. Hewitt, Chiof of
the Department of Electricity, sent a
communication to the effect that a
civil service repairer is now doing
clerical work because he can answer
technical questions during the absence
of the engineer. An operator is doing
a fireman's duty because of his mis
conduct as an operator and because
his serious mistakes have jeopardized
the lives and property of the com
munity so far aa the fire hazard is
concerned. Another operator 'is de
tailed as foreman of construction by
resolution of the Commissioners for
the benefit of his health.
lilxplains Duties of Employes
pays that though he earns a salary of
$90 a month he has not provided for
her since July 5, 1902. She says that
on that date he left her. They were
married at Martinez in 1892.
Capt. Ira W. Cory, one of the heroes
of the second day's battle at Gettys
burg, is dead at Morristown, N. J.
"When doctors disagree, drink Gilt Edge whis
key and let them fight tt oat. Wlchisan, Lut
gen &. Co.. 320 Clay 9t.. S. F. •
Mrs. Packer's Will Is
The will of Elizabeth M. J. Packer,
which- disposes of an estate worth
more $10,000, was filed for probate
yesterday. Outside of a few small be
quests to friends she leaves her entire
estate to her son, James Packer, and
his five children.
CAZiIi subscriber* contemplating" a
change of residence duriajr the summer
months can have their paper forwarded
by mail to their new address by notlfy
lnsr THE CALL Bnslness Office. This
paver will also be on sale at all summer
resorts ana is represented by a local
atrent in r.ll the towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE SUMMER.
The Supervisors' Public Utilities
Committee is in receipt of a letter
from P. J. Hazen, attorney for the
Tuflock Irrigation District Board, to
the effect that the conference of Irri
gutc-rs and the local committee of city
officials relative to water rights on
the Tuolumne River has been delayed
by the failure of the Modesto District
to co-operate in the matter. The Mo
desto District has not yet appointed a
committee, but Hazen says that his
committee will meet the local com
mittee, even If Modesto does not.
Hazen says further: "We do not feel
that we are committing ourselves in
advance to propositions that have not
been made and which may not be
made, but we simply wish to show our
willingness to meet a sister municipal
ity for a friendly discussion of mat
ters affecting our respective Interests."
Tnrlock District Representatives Will
Meet Committee, Even if Modesto
Board Does Not.
Empress Victoria Lodge, Daughters
of St. George, will have an at home In
the /Red -Men's building, to-morrow
evening under the direction of a com
mittee, of which Mrs. Lottie \ Jeffrey
is president. A handsome lace cape,
the handiwork of Mrs. E. Burchell,
has been presented by her to the
lodge to be disposed of for the ben
efit of the fund for the care of the
sick.
Danghtors of St. George.
WILL CONFER REGARDING
* } ' ' TUOLUMXE WATER RIGHTS
Corporal C. H. Jen."»en 35 20 C2
Private P. A. Schwab .14 34 CS
Sergeant C. J. O'Connor 2!> 10 .VJ
Lieutenant J. A. Eason 11 40 HI
Total '. 1 1 370
DATTERY B.
Corporal C. C. de "Wolf 40 41 SI
Corporal C. Wymann 24 23 47
Corporal H. W. Mitchell 37 39 70
Corporal J. W. Cojby %.... 40 41 81
Serueant F. J. Povey 33 37 70
Corporal H. H. Mitchell 34 26 60
Captain W. S. Grattan 23 32 B5
Private W. H. Mallett "...,. 37 30 67
Corporal C. B. Helneman 27 27 54
Total ". . 501
BATTERY C.
Private C. F. Waltham 36 43 7I>
Sergeant F. J. Kane 38 39 77
Corporal W. A. McQuitty .... 34 33 67
Private C. Meyer . . : 35 42 77
Captain C. J. Petty 30 30 60
Total ....! 3CO
BATTERY D.
Sergeant C. B. Mund 31 20 51
Private L. J. Reubold 2S 28 54
Private R. H. Maler 20 33 3.".
Sergeant G. W. Kuehn 22 2S 50
Private L. Sachs 2S 15 43
Sergeant G. C. Nutting 31 20 57
. . Total 30S
COMPANY A.
Private P. S. Oilman 40 40 80
Private H. P. KUnker S3 31 (>4
Sergeant S. B. King 26 39 C3
Corporal H. Lawton 38 31 tii)
Corporal C. W. Smith 40 40 SO
Captain E. G. Hunt - 38 30 74
Total | 432
COMPANY D.
Private R. Warden 24 J 18 42
Sergeant W. T. Butterworth 33 30 63
Privat.j.'C. B. Shaver 34 41 75
Sergeant T. S. Archer 35 35 70
Private Harry Martin 15 15 30
Private George Xel«on 36 37 73
Captain X. II. Vanderbilt 44 37 81
Total ....[434
At elections held last week Captain
Frank /K. Moore was elected captain
of Company C, First Infantry, to suc
ceed himself, and F. W. Warren was
elected captain of Company H, vice
Costello.
decree. The Bogans were married at
Vallejo in 1S66.
Brigade, regimental and independent
battalion commanders are advised to
have at least two practice marches and
bivouacs each year by company, regi
ment or brigade, and at such time to
give instructions in extended orders
on varied ground, estimating distances,
marching in the order prescribed; ad
vance and rear formations and in
pitching and striking tents: But" offi
cers are considering how they will ac
complish this where the units are not
concentrated, as the brigade, regimen
tal and independent battalion com
manders are not provided with funds
for transportation.
The four batteries— Company A, Oak
land, and Company D, San Rafael, of
the Fifth Infantry— or more properly
a detail of the best shooters from each
unit, had an experimental shoot at
the range of Company D, near San
Rafael, last Sunday, with satisfactory
results. It was the first time that
members of the guard used the Krag-
Jorgensen in rifle practice and, . all
things being considered, . the scores
were goo«l. It took the men a little
time to become accustomed to the new
arm and understand the pulling of the
trigger, and in the outset some of the
men, who with Springfields never miss
ed the bullseye, were unable • to find
the targets, but, -acquiring more .fa
miliarity, they made creditable scores.
This experiment was in a great mea
sure the result of the efforts of Major
Smith of the Fifth Infantry and Cap
tain Grattan of the artillery to bring
target practice to the fore. .The shoot
ing, at 300 and 500 yards, was under the
direction of Lieutenant . S. O. Beasley
as range officer, and the 1 manner 'in
which he discharged his duties proved
him to be eminently qualified for the
position. ' * .
The following were the scores at the
two distances:
dai i buy a. x t~ '
Private C. Cleveland I SI I 23 I 64
Sergeant H. C. Schwlnn ;..... ..| 32 | 40 | 72
A question has arisen as to how the
latter part of the orders can be car
ried out. In a city like San Francisco
there will be no difficulty in getting
the men together, but outside of the
city, where the companies of the bat
talions are separated by many miles,
the battalion commanders are at a
loss to know how to get the units of
their respective commands together, in
view of the fact that in the order no.
provision is made for transportation.
Regimental and independent battal
ion commanders have, been instructed
to organize officers' and non-commis
sioned officers' schools and to hold ses
sions at least once every quarter.
Where a regiment is not concentrated
its commander is to organize such
schools as he shall find most practi
cable, but in such manner as to give
all officers and non-commissioned offi
cers complete instruction. At' such
schools particular instruction is to be
given in military courtesy, keeping of
records, care, of property,- rendering re
ports and the forms of military cor
respondence. When practicable a sur
geon "is to be in attendance to give
instructions in first" aid/ "sanitation of
armories and camps and "proper cloth
ing for and care of the* person during
a march or campaign:
PRACTICE MARCHES.
NO TRAVELING EXPENSES.
The orders also provide that the regi
mental commanders shall require their
field officers to visit the companies in
their respective, commands at least
once each quarter for purposes of in
spection and instruction; also that
commanders of battalions, independent
or serving in regiments, shall hold bat
talion drills at least once every quar
ter and that at such drills company
commanders be given opportunity to
drill the battalion.
Orders have been issued from divi
sion headquarters of the , National
Guard of California that refer to a mat
ter that has been in the past more
honored in the breach than in the ob
servance. Brigade commanders are
supposed either personally or by staff
officer to visit each unit of their re
spective commands at its home sta
tion at least once m each calendar
year, and at each such visit examine
and note carefully its general condi
tion and efficiency as a military or
ganization, condition of its property
and care given to it, conditon of its
records, noting their completeness and
whether they are kept in conformity
with regulations and orders, the thor
oushne: 3 of instruction in the drill reg
ulations and the compliance with or
ders as to the drill and instructions of
and by officers and non-commissioned
officers.
In San Diego an urgent request was
made by the people of Pacific Beach
for the establishment of a sub-station.
The library board has agreed to the
petition upon the condition, that the
transportation charges for the books
shall be borne by the beach residents.
Miss Mabel E. Prentiss, librarian of
the Pomona Public Library, has asked
for and received leave of absence for
four months to enable her to attend a
special course in reference - work and
billlography at the Albany, N. Y., li
brary school. . ' •
From Shanghai, China, word comes
of the prosperity ¦ of % the Shanghai ? li
brary,, supported by ;the English resi
dents. For 1903 the. receipts were $5000
and the expenses $4900.
The City Council of Los Angeles has
concluded, after much discussion, plans
for the removal of the public library
to temporary quarters, to strengthen
the floors of the library rooms in the
City Hall.
Five lectures and entertainments
have been given this season in Oro
ville for the benefit of the public
library. The course has netted the sum
of $294.
Interest in book-giving to the library
recently installed in the Carnegie build
ing in Redding seems unabated. Six
lady residents of Redding have Just
given for public use forty volumes of
standard fiction, history and literature.
Gifts for the children's room of the
Oakland library are still the order of
the day. Mrs. Emma Shafter Howard
has added to previous, gifts of pictures
four fine-framed lithographs. The
Teachers' Club of Alameda County has
appropriated $50 for the purchase of a
tall clock in oak for this room. - :.
In Santa Barbara some robbers ob
tained $20 in small coins from the cash
box of the Public Library.
LECTURES IX OROVILLE.
Burglars seem to be seeking new
fields for the exploits by invading pub
lic libraries. The Oakland library late
ly suffered through a midnight visit
the loss of $1 50 in postage stamps. -
Miss Juliet Lumbard, a teacher in
the Berkeley schools, has been elected
by the board of library trustees to the
position of children's librarian. The
salary is to be $60 per month.
To replace the wornout carpet on the
floor of the State Library the trustees
have decided to have a polished wood
flooring laid at an expense of $1450.
A library club has recently been or
ganized by the staff of the Stanford
University Library. Its object is to
discuss topics relating to library work
and to promote social feeling between
the different departments of the insti
tution. There are now fifteen members
in the club, which proposes to hold
monthly meetings.
For the construction of the Wood
land Carnegie building the bid of W.
H. Curson, offering to do the work for
$9628 50. has been accepted by the
library trustees. An intimation being
given through a local paper that any
applicant for the privilege of furnish
ing the cornerstone might be gratified,
Fred Haase promptly responded with
the offer of such a gift. The donation
has been accepted with the thanks of
the library board. The grand master
of. the Grand Lodge of Masons has
been asked to lay the cornerstone of
the building.
The Ebell Society of Oakland is send
ing out traveling libraries to various
communities. One library with eighty
one volumes has been sent to San Le
andro, Alameda County, and placed in
a drug store foT the use of the public.
The Napa and Sonoma Valleys Con
ference of the Library Association of
California, held at Santa Rosa Satur
day, April 9, -was the first of a new se
ries of library meetings to be conduct
ed at various cities in the State. The
design of these." gatherings is to in
crease the general interest in public li
braries by the discussion of vital topics.
The first paper presented was of a
historical character, by Rev. L. D.
Rathbone, a trustee of the Santa Rosa
library. The growth of this library
was traced from its beginning in 1869
to the present time, when it has re
ceived a $5000 building site from the
citizens, $20,000 for the building from
Andrew Carnegie and $1000 from Nel
son Carr for the steel book stacks. The
blue basalt stone used in the construc
tion of the structure was presented by
J. M. McDonald of San Francisco. Be
sides reviewing the scope and satisfac
tory results of the library influences,
particular stress was laid by the speak
er upon the value of the work per
formed by the librarian, Miss Bertha
Kumli.
E. M. Cox, Superintendent of Schools,
in a paper upon the value of a library
to the community showed the intimate
connection which should exist between
schools and public libraries, the aid af
forded to student life through wider
knowledge of history and literature
and the culture which a library brings
to a community.
The practical topic of what a town
can do for a library was the theme of
Charles S. Greene, librarian of the Oak
land Public Library. It was stated that
in the Ebell Society the Oakland li
brary had found a constant friend. Not
only did this society raise $20,000 for
the library site and $5000 for the chil
dren's room, but when the Teachers"
Club wanted more books the Ebell gave
$50 upon the condition that the library
would give the same amount for such
accessions to its shelves.
State Librarian Gillls closed the dis
cussion with a presentation of the new
work begun by the State Library and
the aims it had in view for the exten
sion of the library interest throughout
California. This conference is regard
ed as one of the most profitable ones
ever held by the library association.
WOODLAND LIBRARY.
Tell of Best Means to Be
Used *in Fostering a
Proper Love for Literature
Artillery and Infantry Ex
periment at San Rafael
With the Krag-Jorgeiisen
NO FUNDS ARE PROVIDED
MANY PAPERS ARE READ
National GuarcPOfflcers Di
rected to Perform Certain
Work in Line of Duty
Booklovers in Conference at
Santa Rosa Discuss Ways
of Developing Institution
PUBLIC LIBRARY
A BOON TO ALL
ORDERS ISSUED
TO COMMANDERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL',, SUNDAY, APRIL- 17, 1904.
28
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
In the: Spring is when you notice
it the most. The system is full of
impurities that have accumulated
during the winter months, which
must be dispelled at once,.; .The
quickest and safest way is to
take Hostetter's Stomach Bitters.
Nothing else is so good ¦ to i cure
Spring -Fever, General Debility,
Sleeplessness, Indigestion, Dys-
pepsia, Constipation,; Liver Trou-
bles, La Grippe, Colds or Malaria,'
Fever and Ague. We urge you to
try a bottle to-day.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M^ d&Pk BF-^&jffti i«F««k kz-tx $ -jlw.- wornan ' s happi.
m mm mm * S er nature to love
mXiM SdSt^B M$!k *$'B&&k^)k z^:^ ma ljWL^ an(^ want them
tSwi3&&fflM$£MBM4£MW IS? it is to love tho
_, . . , , beautiful and
pcrc. The critical ordeal through which the expectant mother must
pass, however, is so franght with dread, pain, suffering and danger
that the rery thought of it fills her with apprehension and horfor
There ts no necessity for the reproduction of life to be either painfui
or dangerous. The use of Mother^ Friend bo prepares the system for
the coming event that it is safely passed without any danger Thii
great and wonderful °
remedy is always M^d&H J& 0 Ef
eppliedexternallY.aad- mWW j^Wf$P® (gt& ffiB^dfg^
has carried thousands [MWa <3Jj3 ffl §ff ffl §g
of women through mm^ mm -
the trying crisis without suffering. B^^ B
h-n& for free book; oont»lnla|r lcform*tloa SgM MB&B EO» £9^9 t9N$M
•< prtcel<«i ralne to ..11 ezpeciaal mothers. g£ Ef Mf §&& IW S Sf JSB
Xbt BrwJficId Bepttftttr C^, AtlMt«, Ga. " m M *** ** ** *&&
¦ " s - - s . ' - - - "
ADVEaTISEMENTS.
AUCTION
"HP- —
PI A N O S
EDWARD S SPEAR ®> CO.
AUCTIONEERS,
Have purchased 79 pianos from the surplus wholesale stock of Koh-
ler & Chase, which they could not accommodate in their new ware-"
houses. They have also secured the remainder of the lease, expiring
on the 30th of this month, on the premises at 28-30 O'Farrell street,
where the pianos are now on exhibition. . . *
< These instruments include Fischer, Steinway, Weber, Steck,
Chickering, Bachman, Hoffman, Kimball and numerous other makes;
Also about 20 square pianos and organs.
SPECIAL NOTICE: The pianos will be auctioned at the cash
prices and arrangements have been made so that easy payments can
be arranged for those who cannot pay cash.
The auction will take place at 28-30 O'FARRELL STREET.
MONDAY, April 1 8th, two
...AND... , O/VY^S
TUESDAY, AprU 19th only.
Commencing each day at 11 o'clock a. m. Catalogues now ready
EDWARD S. SPEAR. <& CO
28-30 O'FARRELL isTREET.
ADVEBTISEJEEirrS. - - * , '¦--'— 1
Will Cut Your^ Fuel Bill in Half!
market* adapted to soft* ran S e on e market *
• y^ • 1 *^ ~^*** t *^%^ • "*<ek T"i Celts Wii tcr
Can be had with gas shelf.
4 PUTJ*TTfiKJff TiTTTBi
I ' Another Week of Price-Cutting I
Inducements Extraordinary I
t Prices Lower Than Ever* Values Better, Dress If
ij Goods, Silks. Suits Skirts and Waists Are Re- |
duccd in Price for the Week> Be Sure to Come* ' B
75c LIBERTY SATXN8, PEAU DE SOIE, PEAU DE CYNGE, 69c R
i A fair sample of cor siHc values. Not a popular color missing — white, ¦
cream, pir.k. pastei blue, maixe, cardinal, heliotrope, tan and black.
An ideal silk for waists. Can't be equaled for 75c a yard, butCQp
B goes here to-morrow and all the week for uuu
g MORE OF THOSE PONGEES
f* Onlj yesterday we received a new shipment of both plain «nd figured
9 Ponpees, 27-inch width, the 75c kind. They go on the counter C Op
n to-morrow for OUu
K DRESS GOODS— BARGAINS
R 75c FRENCH VOILE ETAM1NES. 50c YARD
Eg A full raagc of street and evening shades, such as champagnes, new
B browns, silver grays, heliotrope, resedas, new blues; also cream and
¦ black; all-wool, soft and silky finish; the double width /ScCHnH
I kind. This week * uUbl
U $I.5O PANAMA BROADCLOTHS, 98c YARD H
¦ The heavy tv.-illed back quality — so much in demand for swell tailor I
8 suits, children's coats, etc. Requires no lining. Full 52 inches widen
B All-wool, sponged and shrunk. Plenty of champagnes, brown and I
flj pastel shades tor evening coats; also a rich black. Regularly QQ« H
H$i.5O yard. This week 30UH
h 85c SILKY IRON FRAME ALPACAS, 50c YARD U
E All the rage for shirt waist suits; also used for bathing costumes. Ex-H
¦ tra heavy iron frame weave; very lustrous finish. Width 52 inches. H
M Comes in shades of navy, gun metal and steel gray, rO3 r al, blue and ra
I a deep, fast black. Good value at 85c yard. This week, per yardCjlp|
U $1.00 AND $1.25 KMCKERBOCKER TWEEDS, 85c YARD 1
P These are the proper fabrics for outing suits. All the new tan, gray,H
H brown, navy and preen mixtures, small check and neat stripe effects, ¦
B with colored silk dab dashes; strictly all wool. They are two oi OKpN
B the latest styles. Both one price this week UJUH
1 READY-TO-WEAR GARMENTS F"OR LESSI
K 820.00 WALKING SUIT, $15.00 R
K Fancy mixed Eton Walking Suit, with shoulder capes and trimmed ¦
¦ with bands of cloth to match material. Regularly $25, ' ClC flfl Sh
I this week OlOiUUg
R $35.00 ETAMINE SUIT, $25.00 |
R Tailor-made Etamine Suit; Eton style, fancy made and trimmed with B
H straps of silk with capes. Full nine-gore flare fancy skirt COR flflfc!
N Colors black, navy and brown. Regularly $35.00. This week OZJiUUn
f| $8.50 EXAMINE SKIRT, $6.00 H
I? Black Etamine Dress Skirt, full nine-gore flare fancy trimmed CCB
B with silk braid and straps of silk. Regularly $$.50. This week.. vU|
1^ $2.OO LAWN WAIST, $1.25 tj
r- Fine /juality White Lawn Waist, tucked and embroidery trimmed £3
¦ front \\*iih tucked back and sleeve. Regularly $2.00. This OCh
¦ week , W I • L U ra
HE . • mm 1
ABOUT
THAT TRIP EAST.
THE simplest way . for you to obtain
the information you need is to use •
« the accompanying coupon.
I Fill it out, mail to this office and an
i answer will be forthcoming in the course
of a couple of days.
i C. A. RUTHERFORD, D. P. A^
| 623 Market Street, San Francisco.
i I expect to leave frw
j ******
I Please quote f e ™ n4 class rate.
5 Advise me also what the Rock Island's through
k car arrangements are. Do I change cars? If so, where?
i Mail me copies of any literature your company has
X that will be of interest to me.
Street and No. 1
• City and State •
> c * A * rutherford »
!**i\T/^?V i* I District Passencer Agent,
\ e2 3 Market St., San Francisco.Protestant Christian communicants
in China number 112,808.
"Fighting Bob" has lately undergone
a great change physically, and is about
ready to retire from active sea duty
when his term expires. His limp is
worse than ever, and the admiral's
constitution, may be said to have been
shattered by his last tour of duty in
the Orient. While the fleet was coaling
recently at Honolulu Evans kept to his
apartments at the hotel.
He will be succeeded by Admiral
Cooper in command of the Asiatic sta
tion this month, and will then return
to New York on the flagship Kentucky
by way of the Mediterranean.
Everywhere^ the United States re
gret will be felt to, learn that Admiral
Robley D. Evans, the commander of
the Asiatic fleet, is but little more than
a shadow of his former robust self. *
"Bob" Evans* Health Failinc
Manchuria's climate corresponds to
that of Canada; Its size Is six times
that of England and Wales; its popu
lation 20,000,000.
Shelley could .spend an entire day
floating little paper boats on any water
he chanced to be near.
Poor Goldsmith's "oddities and ec
centricities" were chiefly dandyisms,
and the story of his peach * blossom
coat Is known the world over.*
Montaigne had an aversion for Fri
day, and while he preferred odd num
bers, he would not sit down to a table
with thirteen people. Friday was al
ways a black day in Byron's calendar,
but Byron believed in omens, dreams,
supernatural appearances, appari
tions, presentiments and all such. He
succumbed before the weakest preju
dices, and afforded proof that even the
strongest intellects have always their
weak side. Voltaire, whom one would
suppose devoid of fear, mocker, of re
ligion and beliefs, was made sick when
hearing rooks cawing in the country.
Hobbes did not believe in God, but
would also walk out in the dewy fields
without stockings or shoes. . ' •
he kept a light burning in his bedroom
all night, being afraid, of the dark.
Rousseau was another who was afraid
of the dark, and the approach . of
night brought only terror to him. Be
fore retiring at night Sir Samuel
Romilly would always look under the*
bed. to see if any one was concealed
there. He dreaded to see night come.
Great warriors have been afraid of
thunder. Caesar was almost thrown
into convulsions by it and Sir Thomas
Aquinas suffered greatly In thunder
storms. Queen Elizabeth, Talleyrand
and others could not bear to have the
word "death" uttered in their pres
ence. Marshal Saxe, who overthrew
armies, fled at sight of a cat. — Kansas
City Star. ' : L\\&<
Salted whale meat is a Japanese deli
cacy. '.;¦'/ -
In the last number of the Bulletin de
la Soclete Industrlelle de Marseilles we
find described an apparatus invented
by M. Helt which automatically regis
ters, minute by minute, the direction of
the compass, so that by consulting the
chart which is the result it is possible
to determine what the route was that
was followed at a given moment of the
passage. The commander of a vessel
Indicates to the helmsman the route
which the vessel should follow, but he
does not know whether this route is
followed unless he is continually ob
serving the compass. The Heit appa
ratus gives this information, register
ing every change in the position of the
vessel, every move made by the helms
man and the exact time at which such
changes occurred.— Public Opinion.
Compass That Makes Records.
The passage through the Suez canal
ln January was made by 334 vessels,
against 296 in January, 1903, and the
dues collected in that month amounted
to' 9.180,000 francs against 8,180,000
franc*
One person In three in the state of
New York has a savings bank account,
and the average depositor has 5180 to
his credit.
for the ensuing term: President, Mrs.
Virginia Bell of Auburn; vice presi
dent, Mrs. G. W. Thomas of Wood
land; secretary, Mrs. M. E. Meriam of
Chico; treasurer, Mrs. C. B. Ogden of
Auburn.
< :ties.
The following officers were elected
IVderatlon of Northern California
Meets at Sacramento and
lulocts Officers.
SACRAMENTO, April 16. — The
Federation of Women's Clubs of
Northern California held its regular
quarterly meeting In this city to-day.
Reports of the various clubs were
r^ad, which showed improvement
work undertaken ln the different
WOMEN'S CLUBS HOLD
QUARTERLY 3IEETIXG
When he felt that he needed a little
activfty the great logician, Samuel
Clarke, would leap over tables and
chairs, and it was not infrequent that
the upholsterer had to be called ln to
repair damages. The learned Petavius
would twirl his chair round for five
minutes at the end of every two hours,
finding recreation ln this. Tycho
Brahe diverted himself with polishing
glasses for spectacles. Ex- President
Cleveland would quit talking politics
any time to go fishing, and so It was
with Paley, the author of "Natural
Theology," who was so much given to
angling that he had his portrait paint
ed with rod and line in hand. Louis
XVI, of sad memory, amused himself
locksmithing, while Salvator Rosa
performed In extempore comedies,
taking the character of a mountebank
in the streets of Rome.
Charles II's most ' Innocent amuse
ment consisted in feeding the ducks
in St. James Park and in rearing num
bers of those beautiful' spaniels which
still bear his name. It was difficult
.for Beethoven. to be free from a cold
from the fact that he delighted in
splashing in cold water at all times
of the day, swamping his chamber
until the water oozed through the
flooring to the rooms beneath. He
Spinoza delighted to set spiders
fighting, and would laugh Immoder
ately at beholding their insect war
fare; and Ant!~ny Magliabecuhl, the
famous librarian to the Duke of Tus
cany, took a great interest in the
spiders which thronged his apart
ments, and while sitting among his
mountains of books would caution
visitors "not to hurt my spiders."
Dr. Johnson was so fond of his cats
that he would even go out himself to
buy oysters for them, his servants be
ing too proud to do so. Goethe de
spised dogs, but he kept a tame snake.
Gray expressed the wish" to be al
ways on a sofa reading new novels,
and Fenton, the eminent scholar, died
from sheer Inactivity; he rose late,
and when he had risen sat down to
his books and papers. A woman who
waited upon him in his lodgings said
that he would lie a-bed and be fed
with a spoon. Contrary to this was
the example of Sir Walter Scott, who
wrote all his finest works before
breakfast.
Study the private lives of all truly
great men, both present and past. It
is not difficult to determine that all
of them, to a greater or less degree,
furnished material of the "odd and ec
centric" kind. Cardinal Richelieu
found pleasure and amusement In
Jumping and leaping with boys. Oliver
Cromwell sometimes cast aside his
Puritan gravity and played at blind
man's buff with his daughters and
attendants; Henri Quatre delighted to
go about in disguise with the peas
antry. Cowper occupied a great deal
of his time In making birdcages and
in feeding and caring for his hares.
Some Famous Celebrities
Have Been Subject to
Eat her Peculiar Foibles
• If charming young women ln exqui
site gowns can attract. It is safe to
prophesy that there will be a crush at
the first fete of spring, to be given by
the chrysanthemum auxiliary of the
Children's Hospital board on Saturday
next. The Sorosis Club rooms, at 1620
California street, will be the scene of
the brilliant affair, and the public will
be received between the hours of 2 and
6 p. m. The fair young chrysanthe
mums have never given an entertain
ment of this kind, but their dances for
charity ln the past two winters have
been smart affairs, and while they may
lack the years and experience which
readily assure the success of bazaar
giving, they have the advantages of
youth and popularity, which will bring
a stream of friends with loosened
pursestrings for this worthy cause. In
fact, on the occasion of the last hos
pital benefit, at the Palace maple room,
it was the chrysanthemums, bewitch
ingly costumed as Geisha girls, who by
offering their services in the tea room
lent the brightest touch of color and
piquancy to the bazaar. At the coming
fete the score of chrysanthemums will
devote themselves to visitors and pre
side over the booths and refreshment
tables with their most inviting smiles.
In every available place attractive
booths laden with fancy work, candy
and other desirable articles will be ar
ranged to tempt the throng of patrons.
A fish pond will contain no end of sur
prises for eager children, and the
charming chrysanthemum in attend
ance will attract as many society men
as Juveniles.
An excellent musical programme will
be an important feature of the after
noon's enjoyment. Miss Laura Taylor
has charge or the music, and having
many musical interests herself will
procure artist* well worth While.
The proceeds of next Saturday's fete
will be devoted to the chrysanthemum
fund, which provides a free bed from
year to year In the incurable ward of
the hospital. The dire necessity of a
little waif cut off from all hope of
health and success from the beginning
of life stirs a chord of pathos in many
hearts which will respond gladly to the
appeal for financial aid.
The following list comprises^ the
chrysanthemum' auxiliary, most of
whom are Eelllng tickets and are other
wise working for the success of the
coming fete: -Miss Norma Castle, Mrs.
Jack Chase, Miss Ruth Gedney/ Miss
Mabel Hogg, Mrs. Edward Hume, Mrs.
Richard Hovey, Miss Hovey, Mrs.
Charles Harley, Miss Edna Hannigan,
Miss Marie Bull. Miss Edith Bull. Mrs.
Richard Babls, Miss Azalea Keyes,
Miss Georgie Shepard, Miss Lizzie
Painter, Mrs. Gardner Perry Pond,
Miss Georgie Spinker, Miss Mabel Toy,
Misa Zelda Tiffany, Miss Laura Tay
lor. Mrs. Morong. Mrs. Jack Wilson,
Mrs. Andrew Welch, Miss Paula Wolff,
Mrs. J. Vincent de Laveaga, Miss Ma
bel Donaldson and Mrs. Harvey Toy.
CURIOUS WHIMS
OF GREAT MEN
SPRING FETE
PROMISES TO BE
MERRY AFFAIR
'A May Morning" (Denza), Mrs. J. J.
Kerlin; 'cello boIo, Tyrolese variations
<EockmehI), J. F. Lotman; serenade,
• L'ntil the • Dawn" (Parks), Miramir
quartet.
by Hon. W. T. Jeter: vocal duet. "The
Gypsies" (Brahms), Mrs. Lottie Thomp.
pun and Miss Kate Bauter; vocal solo.
A programme was given this evening,
including the following numbers: Vio
lia solo, "Souvenir de Bellini" (Arlot),
F. R. Liewald; waltz song, "When Day
Fades" (Parks). Miramlr quartet; 'cello
polo. "Arioso" (Del Valle de Paz), J. F.
I^otman; vocal solo, "Down ln the
Depths" (Kreusch), Howard Bush;
announcement of gifts to the library.
The most valuable gift was the- deed
of Miss Laura Hecox's valuable natural
history collection, which has been at
the lighthouse for many years and was
one of the show places of Santa Cruz.
The feature this evening was the pre
sentation of gifts to the library, which
Included a check for $100 from Ernest
Corvell. a check for $100 from F. A-
Hihn, an elegant desk from the Forest
ers of America, two richly upholstered
rockers in leather from the Native Sons
of the Golden West, the entire furnish
ing of the assembly hall by the Native
Daughters, an upholstered leather
couch from the Elks, an elegant birds
eye maple dresser from the Odd Fel
lows, a gift from the Masons and the
ladies' entertainment committees, pic
tures from John Gamble and L. Lati
*ner, the artists; desk blotters from
Mrs. J. B. Moulton and Miss Lilian
Howard, vase from Mrs. James O.
Wanzer, brass andirons over 100 years
old from Mrs. Whlpple, Edwin Mark
ham's poem on Lincoln with autograph
of the author from the author, two
variegated rubber plants from W. E.
King, palm from William J.' Thompson
and a clock from Christian Hoffmann.
Others letters were received and
read from William Dean Howells, the
Euthor; Edwin Markham, the author,
end Edward Everett Hale, chaplain
of the United States Senate.
MAXY VALUABLE GIFTS.
Robert H. Worthington
"WHITE HOUSE. WASHINGTON,
January £3, 1904. — My Dear Sir:. Will
Sou permit me to convey to the citi
eens of Santa Cruz my best wishes for
the euccess of the dedicatory exercises
at the new Free Library, which offers
to each man and to each woman the
opportunity to help himself or herself
to the wisdom that he or she has the
ability cr the desire to acquire. Such
» library is of incalculable worth and
deserves the support and encourage
ment of every one who is Interested in
the welfare of his or her fellow citi
rens. for to such welfare education in
tta largest sense is of first Importance.
I am very glad to send my best
wishes for the new library. Sincerely
5 ours,
"THEODORE ROOSEVELT.
SANTA CRUZ. April 16: — One of
the most interesting features of the
dedication of the Free Library to
day was the reading of letters from
prominent people- The following let
ter of greeting was sent by President
Roosevelt:
Social Dispatch to The Call.
Public-Spirited Citizens Con
tribute Generously to the
Equipment of the Place
LETTEKS OF GKEETING
Dedication of New Institu
tion in Santa Cruz Is Made
an Event of Importance
LIBRARY OPENS
AUSPICIOUSLY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 190*.
29
OBAPE-NUTS.
Mi:>lORY MAIi-EK.
I'uod With Certain Elements Required
in the Brain.
• Poor memory means an Ill-nourished
brain. The proper food to help and
ru/urlsh the brain will thus help the
memory, as ic the following case:
"I have not known what It is to en-
joy r«»al cood health, not having seen
b v.oll day in over twenty years and
t&king medicine most of the time until
about a year ago.
"At that time I was suffering greatly
Irom nervous prostration and general
debility, the result of severa.1 severe
Illnesses from which I never expected
to fully recover.
"My memory was also so poor that
it caused me much chagrin at times.
"I had often heard how Grape-Nuts
had helped other people's memory and
that it was a brain food. Finally I was
put on Grape-Nuta for my meals.
"I was po pleasing to the taste I
erjoyed eating it, and after a time I
saw such en Improvement ln my health
generally that I gave up medicine alto-
gether. Am not even using laxatives
now, that I had been unable to do
without for years. Grape-Nuts helped
my nerves, grave me strength, increased
my weight ten pounds and I can now
work and walk better and enjoy life
as 1. never expected to again.
"When my friends remark how well
I look and act I tell them It is all' due
to Grape-Nuts. My doctor never sees
me but he smiles with genuine pleas-
ure at my improved condition, for he
if an old friend and would like to see
me perfectly well, knowing how long
and hcrw much I have suffered." Name
riven by Postum Co., Battle Creek,
Mich.
Look in each package for the famous
little book, "The Road to Wellville." I
f ; r ADVERTISEMENTS.
$ $ a Sm%^9 ure keer — Schlitz beer— is the best drink m
k^ jrfgt^^ W The malt is a food; the hops a tonic: The
Jpjr/^^^2 alcohol — only yy 2 per cent — is an aid to
//C^^ digestion; a healthful stimulant
(%r . The most healthy nanons in the world— -the most bardy, .most!
(I energetic— drink the most of it. {
Efut the beer must be pure. Impurity means harmful germs; <
That is why we brew Schlitz in absolute cleanlmess-^-why we:
filter even the air that touchesVit and ''sterilize every bbttld
And the beer must be aged. Green beer causes biliousness.
That's why we age Schlitz for months before we market il
Schlitz beer is absolutely pure; it can't harm you. Ask for j
w The BeerThat Made Milwaul^ feimus^
JOE ROSENBERG'S. j JOE ROSEN'BERCKB. ~| ; JOE ROSElfBERCKS. j JOE ROSENBERG'S. : j JOS ROSENBERG'S. \' JOE ROSENBERG'S.
\yBB^WSS^/^ \ /^* The store that is always watching an opportunity L T^ S> ffi, \°} n Q^° *j° ps ? ?
V^Bf 4u- |\v ' J^tf <^ £ «i to save yo" money and invariably does so. and^un^eII ||§I1I3I|1?
i VnaI '^'W.mr l\ /^£/ir//^r. - Slender and Medium Women. Why Not Wear the "Magic" lo Fir p s r t Ice scarf, inctf^^T^
\.\ ~*~ /\ya\\ * ,. Ivv *:• ;S V O * c$ I? // I, a t™ «.«* (xmrint mint w/ia* c^*,-r,«-+«* .~a ivi. '^m.- inches wide. Made of extra heavy
- \ X ikNs. .'* / VV l ** .£.?>£ £i7V £.¦¦£¦¦ #*rfr-^- You caat lmagtoo what Koie Supporter and ADdo- A English lawn, deep hemstitched hem
£ \ /S&jON**--'*' MJ*\ *.•'. . I 6 4»,f o «> a//£ a> TftMAvtf^ a srood corset we will offer minal Seducer? '/*\ ln °P en work Irlsh point and tarn-
OT tM^^MA STT *•* . ••- J pd ** «w i* c? <g \*r you this week for your Made with circular pad, k, — -A bour patterns. Our price ;jr»C
i£A ri%0^i S id- XJ <T ... _^^L "^ C* •£> .? money. which fits snugly over the ab- K pcP A2IOTHZB— Made with extra heavy
jr kW//v/ ' ¥mfir£8SB9k(- fcW f ©.«'.*• THE- >:EW ERECT *^ domen. with extra strong elas- [ J \ linen center, with a five-inch cdsir.fi
ISy ' -..M-.v<v. IXl'^zJdw Made t.0 Order. . si°d r eT s and Ua f c ront, button JH^i, To TImm Wnmpn Whn RavA Nnt Wnrn TOirD better get is lot
• n- -.^SLA- -, "¦".•• *•'/-•/•'-' y^'tAX'JfW^/^ were'i one that v« know will mor» clasps. You'll be agreeably /tWjW 1U 1UUa0 "UlilGU HUU ndYB UUl HUHI and buy your SITMMXB UNDEBWEAB
''-<>fiM^i%^>^i^^^< **« pi.«. you. NEMO B^ r , nE . . t s s rl f t ed thl r h iow & . 8 ?? w . -lny : of Our ¦ Hosiery. - ' "YoZTnTZtriTct^T'T'
>' ¦ / V/v*.*^-.-- y/^2>, £Y<re ING of '-^SrtS •••• v 81.OO -n . W . hav . here mamM 8 p ECIJai „. bu!°a U s k lon£ iTou^q^^
IUKtnm AfP nn <snmPhnrivV k MnilPV Wnrfh <\av1ni»? (I^Zfej***^ «*te!n and boned • »TJCEM£arTS 7OB YOU, and TOTX will get them at the same low price
fill DWreb Are OH DOUISUOUy b lb HUIiey norm DaVlng .' throughout v-ith rust- KaySer S. can -be the JXTDOE of the QUAIITT you have always bought them.
ShODDJH^ LlSt If so. here's some GOWNS ' % $£EiSS!& proof alumlnoid bon- you know how toarce they^ were ArTEB you nav* TBIEI) THEK. CHILDREN'S VESTS— A
•JUUppiilft Ll&l, :.^A for the particular women. fng. These corsets i-^ "^n rHTTn , q Hn(1P High neck and long sleeves; JGJ
But Joe Bo.eaberir'a i« on all. esDe- No skimping of sizes or cover the entire hips smoothly, show- *•*¦•»¦«• We have j£^\ made of Sea Isllnd t'hreld swfsT'rfbb^d S €fo
daily for ctic NECKWEAR and LOW j> Jfo$v_ * UfJi 11 "*, 0 ' ?£« Shrunk InB no rld B e. even through an unHned J 1 » Just received /|§£^# Sread. jersey knit, fast pf^-A™ SJ?r«, ™* Wf
«_____ #J\ JutlUffk Made of steam-Ehrunlc skirt There can be no rolling up or A/*f t g A s> A a. comnlete ,-5Jifi3sv> v> hlirk Vfrmhlp Vifpl« and i'ANTS TO MATCH — Made \i'n
PRICES. TADIF^STOnf >tWi Daisy cloth, square yoke. fl£, h over the edge or shifting motion fAWJ&ClAl>&1?f assortment {M$&>^*f* toes summer weight of same quality as above; VJ
1 w cottar and Tin hSs&S with eighteen small tucks, gf^ verv fleshy ' figure. The bust is fK^yT^*^^^^ " 2ur™aVlce llPV full finVsh all files' French bands and ankle LQ
m*SS5iSm Made of Point dlprkT Bffl^ rol i lns ,? olIar> . cuff8 U y^ supported sufficiently^ to prevent sag- \£S{/ tf w^uld 1>e to ' full finish, al^siees length^ In whIte only W
VA iere Hop- in flnrni * 111 FFB and collar trimmed with £in£ O r shifting, but not. confined. " . buv them t'1'^^ xrVo^ A garment l»r>e J J
ka acorn and cresceStS " j|1 ll * Al^^ttlStin* to°v Thfre 1- I W while the line Is complete. 1 * m Wft J£ J t ?S«hS , LADIES> VESTS-LowlSk and no
Arabian Only to'fiiSd Sn^l^" warmth W lu^.T^d^ffir?^.' ¦ f™? cors J^ Sd hadTm^dV^ VtlSfii'^fi 6 . SS f P*?° V"' SISI2?' w?lftt. O fn
™ft™ ' vSSfw*' 1 *? ln 1^ ed ?P 8e « them we are Positive you will buy QnrtS >' ou were, one ' of the first full' length, double heels, toes and on the side; umbrella shine- trimmed
Fool the Laundries, &-. fU.
We Will Have a Busy Day | "f r^?/en^^ A gffi SET —- • Io $20.00 Bills for $10.00 To-Day. ; ¦^SPuNi^Bnff^SS
In our Embroidery De- raHMWliW Stch " pSct^ mad^nevery^eta 1° M&M all silk fast M, By buying one of these ex- We Don't Believe in THat Pakism. 1 "/^^ *™*% &n^t K™ 1 *,'
£r££nt MondSy^ S w 1^^^^ ft you pai^ $1 50 j™^ could not Ret any |S^8 and 60c quality. • As long *M tra fine BLACK -SATEEN . But here 's a LADIES'. ™^°knl£ t k£k™a\™&En&Z&
MOO yards offlne^^NS ' Borocis Ladies' Kid Gloves Sl.OO. _ ,. ft^ RS|ll fouf tMlS^JtWched^band^ J&Z Z? 1 . cx ? e ?^- tO n U / ?" l° T A
BW'ISS EMBROIDERY W , / \\J \ BeaUtlflCrS. $$&$ Th/v hane Ind fit i? thev Mfflh Iad f of . Ind , Ia ' R lk - tl i c n k Q e r d NfttiftllC
?h n r d ee IN ;o SE^ X ln f c r ,°e m 3 U^A OW Ba«alD BaSeffleDt Every 30 toy we gather all our J|F SS^&'SJt^uSJa^J /§A Kn^lmS^eLh^i _ „ _. M °f „ _
wide? all openwork pa" f^^^^ 20 0 clocks will be on .ale. remnants and end pieces of veiling "&$g skirt by the low price .. MW collar. with tab-: new Small Items at Small Prices.
fiffi"^ 15 "®! w«£ SJ-fiS^ff^^^a^iSrSa According to the Paris FasUons Wash fO rT...!?.^.fh^.^ c .^ c 8^^^ Sffl-a, %it£r?^R S&&
ff. mail order-'nued^'tne..^. "^BB S^HE gSfitr^tSf Jf«^5^ ; M IS All the Y0gU6 R^tabS NSSSfivJS^gfc %U^
the auaaUty wiU not last.) Ter^s ??. ........?.' . .... . . . . .. . . . . 55c * 1Oc For WAIST or DRESS TRIMMINGS. tOIllDS. ble lined, washable and \J&//
What More Could Yon Wish Than Mothers! All UpTo-D^te "women* L^ok"to" Us nTlZ'Z fBrJF€F^}B SE?t^|^fe
RlDDOn LlKe IDIS /Js Hive 70a erer bad your chil- flu uj/ w «« iu white twisted thread. Price it else- for the bewitching Amer- \ m I tinish. medium size, washable
_- _ . . _ _ , 0 dren wear the GOOD SENSE fnP BCaUllflerS. where, then come to the Price Cutter's Jean girl; keeps stray lllllllllltll'* A pair 7c
Por Heck or Dresi Purpoiei? JM WAIST? m wuuuub. and you'll find how reasonable we sell locks in place and gives -.,. DRESSING COMBS— Made of gutta
Full 4 inches wide; made of all-silk (M> There }s a &reat dea i of com- . Jf 1 *u I ? rd I : !l a^« y «Sf 8 - e ? U - Now A yard 5Oc the head ~£l%l\ Q Percha. eight Inches long, fine and
taffeta; in fancy dotted and striped MtUF f or t and ease in them. Made of (/-S^wSS^S. that we do not g , et rt Arif at t dvfr vpt is inrhea the Price Cutter's Each loc smooth teeth. Each 1"c
designs. .In white .pink, maize and VW Korted^outn. with six tailor Mg$Si?) l°^ Y "cTrIXE 08 the wid^mfde "of °mer?eS~hreidf In PLEtTTINA-The new POMPADOUR LADIES' SIDE ELASTICS-MadVof
nile. At the Price Culler s ... Wa stitched seams; also two rows f.WgsS^SQ new birdcaee veil floral and puipure patterns. Just the COMB— Gives a chic pompadour and fancy frilled lisle elastic, button clasp.
A > ard 1-He 11^ of jvitent washable tape but- fj^aSS«A^r Tf M Wh net for dress or waist purposes. No is light and airy; made of Italian shell. In pink, blue, red. white. Price. -lOcr
PRFF i ' tons to attach the underwear f&ia^M'ltf crisscross T u xTd o premiums, but values. That's what Those who have used them recommend CAPSHEAF SAFETY PINS— Xickel-
F-REE1 to; in drab or white. All sizes. . .25c W*I*#W and spider-web effect you'll ilnd here Yard 45c them to their friends, J»5c p i ftt ed and needle-pointed; cannot
BOWS TIED FREE AUTO BY EX- C^^O^W chenille dotted border - - catch or tear the fabric, coilless: we
PEBTS - ( ; : X^Jtim ' lo n c d S d S; PrKTSn? ¦# BeOneoftheFirst to Inspect f ,^^ SS n £iS r SL? l 2Si t S?^2 l i&.^:
Yery Scarce, IOC PflQC fJRPPfl ters 39c sm Some of Our New Summer IfiF RflQFhlRFRn "H^^s-i'a SS o^%^Z^
But tcuii rmd JUl IiUOlWDlIiU Ladies' Handkerchiefs. .fflp. Wrappers. JUL nUOLllDLIlU inrHsgl.^e^.^gfrhfe'S^
jKr-*~T 7"*^ last night's 6 'ex* . TUC DDIPC HIITTCD The recollection of quaUty remalni T»J Here's one made of heavy UflWCY QAVINft ««5 TE « E^v E^ D ?T" F^T Z 8 ?^* w0 [»
>££ / \^uA Press, CCS pieces THt PH Ul-LU tH long after the price is forgotten, un- k$l striped percale. military mUNtl -oAYIIlU OlUnt and ne f ck^f ar ; , th t kind that will
&nL *&J3sr of narrow, colored laundried. jupt the way they come ffci*>. yoke, with bias stripes; yoke not rust, bright luster, full weight. ..
— m VELVET RIBBOX OlC IJarkot Ct II fl'Parrall Q» from the nunneries. Made of pure JUM§5, and collar braid trimmed; OlC Uarkpt II fl'Farrpll "^ V^.' " ' '^' ' ' VU.' bunch lOc
for dress or neck "'O MaiKei Ol. II U rairSII Ol. Shamrock linen, narrow hemstitched, -i?*#V*. ! tieht-fltting lining. You 0ID malRBI Oh II U rallBII 01. SLEEVE PROTECTORS — Made of
trimmings, all-silk satin back. In - 1; with hand-made initials. If you ap- %.:•¦**¦-- could not expect to get a _-.-- ***,.*-.¦».. cn-r T mn.T.« good heavy rubber elastic, drawing
pink, blue, turquoise, nile, red, white MAH. OEDEES SOLICITED. predate good values, here's one for.. better garment for double this price. MAIL OEDEES SOLICITED. string at each end. so as to fit snugly
and black. 10 yards for 3,1c V J 10c !)Oc *- J to the wrist and arm. Our price.. 10cUnknown Man Drowned.
,A. Angelo, a fisherman, found the
body,' of an -unknown man ; floating j in
the .bay-near^ Fort,' Point yfesterday
forenoon at half past; 10 o'clock. ¦- The
body,; had been : in > the water .several
days i and was ; that of. a man about j 50
years of age. . The I body -was clothed
in ia blue -shirt, .blue. V overalls and
blacklace shoes. v The body is at. the
Morgue,
CAT.! subscribers .contemplating' a
cbantro of residence during .the summer
months can have ! their ' paper forwarded
by mall ' to their new address by notify
ing' THE ¦' CALL Business : Office. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts , and' is represented by a local
agent in all towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWN
FOR THE E SUMMER* ;v : ;•'.•
Robert D. Duke has resigned from
his position in the clerk's office of the
Supreme Court to resume the practice
of law in the offices of Campbell, Met
son & Campbell. His departure is re
gretted by the many, lawyers .with
whom he had dealings in the public
office. Supreme Court Clerk Frank
Jordan also accepted^ Duke's resigna
tion with regret.
The place will be occupied In the
future: by. George H. Dryden, who Is
Well known in California Republican
politics. He has occupied'many pub
lic offices, among others that of Assist
ant Chief Wharfinger on the water
front. Dryden is also well and fa
vorably ; known , among the members
of the 'legal profession' and his ap
pointment to the responsible position
is hailed with general satisfaction. He
was sworn . in yesterday ' by Chief
Deputy Clerk Oscar Tolle.
Robert ' Duke Leaves Supreme Court
Clerk's Office for Place With'
y Prominent Law Firm.
RESIGNS HIS POSITION
TO RESUME PRACTICE
When the case of Joseph Feld. con
victed of the murder of his father-in
law, Fritz Dirking, was called in Judge
Dunne's court yesterday for sentence
Attorney Alford asked for a further
continuance, as he was not ready to
make his motion for a new trial. The
Judge granted a continuance till
April 23.
Feld Not Yet Sentenced.
The games committee of the Cale
donian Club has .appointed the fol
lowing Judges of the games to be held
at Shell Mound Park on Monday, May
30:. D. J. McFarland, George McDon
ald, Hedley V. McDonald, J. B. John
stone, Angus Stewart, J. W. King, H.
B.- Brown. Hugh Fraser, D. • A. Mc-
Lean, "A. Lauriston, N James A. McKay,
George Harris) M. P. Forbes.^Horace
Cookson, R. McD. Murray, James Ben
nett, Thomas Wilson and W. R. King.
The starters of the games will be
Peter Mclntyre and George McDonald.
The club held an open meeting at
Scottish Hall on Friday night for the
benefit of the wives, daughters and
sweethearts of the members. The
hall was crowded and a- most enjoy
'able time was spent. Chief A. M.
Macpherson presided. Bagpipe selec
tions were contributed by Pipers Lind
say, Ross and Bain; songs by Miss O.
Handy, Miss L. Cheff era, Mrs. Jessie
Finnie Cof er, Mrs. Jennie FInnie Win
ter, James R. Watson and Andrew Mc-
Nalr; recitations by Alexander Smith,
A. P. Black and James Fraser; over
ture by Fairgrieves' Band - and High
land reel by > R. McD. Murray, Adam
Ross, Charles McDonald and J. F. Mc-
Donald. Light refreshments were
served to the ladies.
The Club ! Gave an Enjoyable Open
Meeting for the Benefit of the
Fair Sex.
The Supreme Court decided yester
day that the Maryland Gold Quartz
Mining Company was in a measure r<f
sponsible for the death of Thomas
Merrifield. The decedent, while em
ployed in defendant's mine, was a~ked
to do certain work for which he was
not properly qualified and as a result
he was killed by some machinery. His
father brought suit for damages and
the Supreme Court sustains his con
tentions, i
Holds Company Responsible.
CALEDONIANS APPOINT •; /
JUDGES OF THE GAMES
During the afternoon a • steady
stream of visitors passed in and out of
the large building and in all. hundreds
of guests were entertained and dined.
The. entire floor of the building was
prettily decorated with white lilies
and artistically strewn greens. The
effect was extremely pretty.
Mrs. Morrison was then introduced
and acted : as toastmaster for the
afternoon.
- Toasts were offered as follows: "Our
Alma Mater," Mrs. Julius Kahn, late
of the Lowell High School; "Our
Teachers," Miss Elsie Leale; "Our
Ideals," Mrs. Hunt; "San Francisco,"
Mrs. Sanborn.. • . ¦
A large orchestra, screened behind
a huge cluster of calla Hies, played on
the auditorium stage during the break
fast.
- Following: the breakfast were exer
cises by the members of the Alumnae
Association, after • which tea was
served between 4 and 5:30 o'clock.
and opened the afternoon's exercises
with a short address, introducing the
past president of the Alumnae Asso
ciation, Mrs. A. F. Morrison. Miss
Voorsanger said:
1 "Ladles and , Gentlemen . and , Mem
bers of the Alumnae — It is with a deep
sense of the honor of being president
of the Girls' High School Alumnae As
sociation that I rise to greet you and
to welcome you to the annual reunion
breakfast of the Alumnae Association.
Tour presence here Is indicative of the
interest in the alumnae, and what
seemed only a vague possibility when
planned by the board of directors has
evolved into a splendid reality and will
become, I trust, a permanent feature
of our reunions. -
"I take great pleasure in introduc
ing to you a woman, who, if'you do
not know her, you. should know, as
she Is past president of the associa
tion." - \
The regular annual breakfast and
reunion of the alumnae • of the Girls'
High School was „ given in the large
auditorium of the school building yes
terday afternoon. Several hundred
recent graduates and their friends at
tended the entertainment, which was
a thoroughly enjoyable ' one.
Miss Voorsanger, .president of the
alumnae, presided over- the meeting
Charles S. Fee, passenger traffic
manager of the Southern Pacific Com
pany, yesterday received a telegram
from St. Paul announcing the appoint
ment of A. M. Cleland to the position
of general passenger agent of the
Northern Pacific Railway, an office
formerly held by the new official of
the Harriman line. Cleland was as
sistant to.F^fc iyid his logically suc
cessor. The new general passenger
agent of the Northern Pacific Com
pany Is only 3S years of age, but has
been connected with the northern road
for twelve years. Prior to that time
he was with the Chicago, Milwaukee
and St. Paul and the Pennsylvania
lines. He Is regarded as a competent
traffic man and is said to have re
ceived several flattering offers from
various roads to enter their traffic de
partments, but has remained with
the Northern Pacific.
Mr. Markham stated last evening
that he contemplated •making no
changes in the clerical force at this
end of his system. He has brought
no one with him and does not expect
to place any of his former assistants
in positions here. He will enter on his
duties -at the railroad building to-mor
row. Mr. Markham does not come to
San Francisco, as a stranger. In fact,
he Is better known here than in the
south, for he made many friends in
San Francisco during: his connection
with the freight department of the
road and returns with the assurance
of a hearty welcome from all with
whom he formerly had business rela
tions.
Charles S. Markham, the new gen
eral manager of the Pacific system
of the Southern Pacific Company, ar
rived in this city yesterday and is
stayirjg at the Palace. Manager James
Agfler, Superintendent of Transporta
tion. George F. Richardson an)i Gen
eral Superintendent of Motive Power
H. J. Small, who left for the south
several days ago. met Mr. Markham at
El Paso and accompanied him to this
city. On their way to the coast the
party inspected the • Tucson," Nogalea
and Guaymas branch, going as far
south as the city of Guaymas, and, re
turning, -went direot to Los Angeles,
where General Manager Markham
looked over the company's properties
before proceeding up the coast to this
city.
Charles S. Fee* Succeeded
on the Northern Road
by His Former Assistant:
»
Hundreds of Guests N Attend
Exercises Held in Cele
'bration of Anniversary,
ATTENDANCE IS LAKGE
WILL MAKE NO CHANGES
• ¦ • •
Miss Maud Dalton attained her
birthday last Friday, and to clothe
her celebration of the event with
proper eclat she enlisted the aid of
Miss yiolet Wood,: than whom there is
not a" more competent planner and
director of attractive functions among
the "entire smart set of Barbary Coast
society. The- two ladies put their
heads together r and after considering
and rejecting a number of novel ideas
finally decided upon the time-honored
dance and supper as the form, of en
tertainment that would be" most likely
to flnd favor~with the greatest num
ber of their friends. But as time did
not allow . of /notification of these
friends by letter. Miss Dalton and Mis3
Wood salliNd Torth afoot to deliver the
invitations verbally. The task necessi
tated their * visiting 'several places
wherein alcoholic. stimulants .were dis
pensed, and to"; that fact; may be at
tributed the failure of the proposed
birthday party to eventuate. Miss
Dalton and Miss Wood were arrested
for disorderly conduct ¦ on Pacific
street, their specific offense being the
jostling of all persons, irrespective of
sex, who attempted: to pass them on
the sidewalk. They had cast \ into the
gutter quite a number of- the most
prominent residents of the district ere
thVpolicemah 'stopped their fun.
"Won't you please let my papa go
mamma and I need him at home?"'sald
a blue-eyed little girl to the officer lhat
was escorting Judge Fritz's allotment
of accused from the Jail to the court
room.
"I can't let him go, my dear," was
the bluecoat's kindly answer; "only
the Judge can do that."
Tears suffused the blue eyes, and
with a sob the child ran to one of the
prisoners, a rather decent looking man,
who stooped and kissed her. Then she
grasped his unmanacled hand and
clung to it caressingly until they ar
rived-at the » barred inclosure. . where
the officer tenderly released her clutch
and placed the man in the'eage. When
that was done he went up to the bench
and whispered something to the Judge,
who glanced at the* weeping child and
nodded approvingly. Then the father
was taken otffof the "pen" and per
mitted to sit beside' the little one.
It was a case of failure to provide,
and. the defendant told of how inability
to obtain employment had led to de
spondency and drink. He was penitent.
"Take your baby and go home," said
the Judge. "If you were really a neg
lectful father the child would not be
so fond of you."
"The case is continued," said the
Judge, "as I am satisfied that an effort
is afoot to purchase the silence or per
vert the testimony of (witnesses for the
prosecution. I want the police to Inves
tigate the matter and arrest the would
to bribe givers. All the witnesses in
the case are now requested to aid in
the capture and punishment of any
person that tries to corrupt them by
offering money. It is the duty of a
witness thus approached to follow the
person who tempts him and point him
out to~a police officer, who will do the
rest."
The witnesses in the case of the peo
ple vs. Nolan looked very serious as
they filed out of court.
A tale of attempted bribery of a wit
ness was unfolded by Mary ' Hughes
to Judge Mogan and impelled the court
to continue the case of William Nolan,
alias William Bray, charged with high
way robbery.
There are two complaints against N6
lan, each of them sworn to by a wo
man. On the night of April 13 Annie
Reinshager of 460 Geary street was
waylaid and robbed of a small, sum
of . money by p. man, and the follow
ing night Mary Hughes of 15 Powell
street was similarly treated. Each of
the women has identified Nolan as her
assailant. When the case was on hear
ing yesterday Mrs. Hughes showed
such reluctance to testify that the
Judge took 'her in hand and forced her
to state that on two occasions she had
been approached with an offer of
money to* induce _ her to abstain from
prosecuting: Nolan. .-One of the- pro
posals was, made by a light complex
ioned man and the other by a man
of swart countenance. Each of . them
visited her room and offered to pur
chase her silence for $30, a half of
which she was to give to the pother
prosecutrix. The bribe was refused,
and then she was requested to stay
away from court until arrangements
lould be made to raise the bid.
• • •
Sharp questioning of the woman by
the Judge elicited the information that
while her husband was held to an
swer In the Federal court on a charge
of counterfeiting she had been the com
panion of Besllia, who finally tired of
her nnd decided to go to Alaska. With
the traditional fury of the . wt>man
scorned, she determined to avenge her
abandonment, and with that end In
view she sent Besllia to deposit her
Jewels In a safety vault and then
sought to have him arrested and de
tained for stealing them.
"It's lucky for you, madame, ' said
the Judge, as he tore up the woman's
unsigned complaint, "tnat these facts
came to light before you succeeded in
having the man arrested, else you
would find yourself in more serious
trouble than you axe trying to bring
upon him."
The Woman applied for a warrant for
the arrest of Joseph Carlssl and Frank
Besifta on the charge of felony '; em
bezzlement, and stated, in substantia
tion of her complaint that they had
stolen from her apartment at . 8 Pres
cott Court about $200 worth of ' Jew
elry and were about to sail for Alaska
with the proceeds of their plunder. Her
story was told with all* earnestness, and
she would probably have secured the
desired warrant if an attorney had not
dashed jfnto court and protested against
its issuance on the ground that the
woman. had trumped up the charge for
the sole purpose of punishing Besllia
by preventing his departure to the
northern fisheries.
Mrs. Julia Vanni. a buxom little Ital
ian, endeavored ¦ to utilize ., the law's
machinery to punish her recreant lover,
but Judge Mogan, nipped her scheme
in the bud and gave' her a lecture that
has probably enhanced her opinion of
the law's majesty. " \
Charles Gale, j convicted of battery,
was given thirty days by Judge Mogan.
The complaining witness was Miss
Clara Goodman, who was walking with
a. young man when Gale, maddened by
jealousy, struck, her on the face, and
was promptly . knocked down by her
escort, his skull, being fractured -by its
Impact with a curbstone.
The death of a witness whose testi
mony.was essential to conviction re
sulted in dismissal of the felony em
bezzlement charge against Charles
Clark in Judge Mogan's court. Clark
was accused of embezzling $108 50 while
he was employed as bookkeeper for the
Farmers' and Manufacturers' Associa
tion of America, and it was on motion
of the District Attorney that the case
was dismissed.
• • > . •
"Mrs. • McGibney, the purloining of
Mrs. Zickgruff's hens and the battering
of. Mrs. Zickgruff's face seems to have
become a habit with you, and to en
able 5'ou to get rid of it I will sentence
you to as long a term of Imprisonment
as the law allows.\ Call around again
Monday." (
Mrs. Ellen McGlbney" on two sepa
rate occasions was caught in the act of
stealing chickens from the poultry yard
of Mrs. Mary Zlckgruff, at 121 Converse
street, and on each occasion Mrs. Zick
gruff's remonstrance against the pil
fering of her feathered property was
followed by a display of fistic science
on the part of Mrs. McGibney and
damage to the face of Mrs. Zickgruff.
It was on Friday last that the latest
attack by Mrs. McGibney upon the
countenance of Mrs. Zickgruff was
made, and as evidence of it Mrs. Zick
gruff showed a broken nose yesterday
to Judge Mogan, who said to the de
fendant: t . - • '¦ ¦ :
Because he attempted to promote the
safety of pedestrians passing his dwell
ing, on Broadway, between Front and
Davis streets, Louis Chlccl y/as ar
rested for laying a wooden sidewalk
without a legal permit to do so.
Mr. Chlccl explained to Judge JIo-.
gan that the timbers composing the
footway fronting his residence are old
and loose,' and that his religious sense
has often been shocked by the pro
fanity uttered by persons whose shins
were barked by j detached planks fly
ing up and striking them. It was in
a spirit of philanthrophy, he said,' and
with no Intention to defy the laws, that
he procured a hammer and some nails
and started to fasten down the pro
vokers of unholy language, and in that
occupation ,he "was industriously en
gaged when a policeman gathered him
in.
Charge dismissed. j
• * • .
• • •
"Save me from myself," said George
Smith to Patrolman Winslow last Fri
day evening on Third street.
"What's the matter with you?" in
quired the officer.
"I have been hitting up the 'booze'
steadily for a week,", replied George,
"and now I'm in the stage that tempts
suicide. If you don't lock me up I'll
likely be a dead one to-morrow." "
The officer complied with the request,
and ere the prisoner arrived at the
Hall of Justice his lucid interval had
lapsed and he was a frenzied Inebriate.
A night of solitary confinement and
enforced abstinence from intoxicants
restored his reason to some extent,
however, and his mind was pretty clear
as he ' faced Judge Slogan yesterday
morning. To complete the sobering
process he was given another week's
imprisonment.
* • *
Charles Thompson was sauntering
along Pinckney alley last Friday even-
Ing, when, Beulah Faggett Huddenly
emerged from her dwelling and smash
ed a heavy crockery basin upon his
head. He went down and. out and
she was taken to" prison for battery.
Mr. Thompson's mental faculties were
rather confused when h© tried to* ex
plain why he had been assaulted,, but
enough of his story s was intelligible to
convince the police that he had offered
no provocation- for the. woman's act.
She is reserving her defense until • the
case is called before Judge Conlan to
morrow.
/
Stealing bread was the charge
against Thomas Wilson and the com
plainant was a Mission grocer.
"Before stealing .that loaf," the de
fendant pleaded before Judge Fritz, "I
had eaten nothing for thirty-six hours
and continually , walked the streets
during thalt time. I have lived in San
Francisco thirty-five years and once
was well-to-do. Speculation in mining
stocks ruined me, and of all the men
that once called me friend | not one
will keen me 'from starvation or theft
by giving me employment."
The complaining grocer stated that
he did not desire to prosecute Wilson
and the charge was dismissed.
That's how Miss Dalton explained
the case to Judge Mogan. yesterday
morning, and bo deeply impressed was
his Honor by the pathos of the narra
tive that he continued the case • till
next Wednesday, by Which time the
defendants hope' to have, sufficient
testimony to convince him that their
imprisonment would convey to the up
per stratum of Barbary Coast society
a deprivation most cruel. *
New General Manager of
Southern Pacific System
to Take Charge To-Morrow
and submitted to tests by the experts
of the steel company run very high in
fixed carbonate percentage, averaging
lrom 78 to U2 per cent, and the coke go
ing from SI upward.
•The Pacific Steel Company's offi
cials purpose to construct a *-..road
from Controllers Bay to the fields for
the purpose of getting out the product,
which will be transported to San Diego
by steamers to be operated by the com
pany. It is also contemplated to make
tfan Francisco a disbursing point for
blacksmith's coal and other varieties
of the product for which a demand
may be created here."
Mr. Abernathy expects to leave for
Alaska about May 15 with representa
tives of the new San Diego enterprice,
vith a view of advising with them
concerning the construction of the rail
road and the mining of the big prop
erty.
v\ the development of the property,
vhich the tteel company proposes to
undertake at once, a new industry will
be established and another steamship
service inaugurated between Alaska
and San Diego, with San Francisco as
an intermediate
The property, for which the steel
company has paid $1,000,000, Is located
fifteen or twenty miles back of Con
trollers Bay, about seventy miles west
fl Mouut St. Julias, and -so far as devel
«Ted shows ten veins of coal, nine of
vhich range In width from four to
t\veni>;-cighi feet, and< one has a
breadth of sixty-six feet. The only
ether valuable coal field In that section
of the country is controlled by Mann &
McKcnzie, representing the Canadian
Pacific llailroad. In 'discussing the
deal last evening Abernathy said: .
•Contrary to former reports from
Government officials to the effect that
jtnthracite coal does not exist in
Alaska, we have proved that our field
is abundant with it. Three grades of
coal — bituminous, semi-anthracite and
anthracite— have been found on the
property, which has been so widely
cpened by glaciers that there is hardly
anything to do but take the coal out
us one would rock from a quarry. Sam
ples of the product brought out by me
\V. A. Abernathy of Alaska, who has
Just completed a deal with the newly
organised Pacific Steel Company of San
Diefio fcr 20.000 acres of coal lands in
Pouthea?tern Alaska, arrived from the
South jesterfiay and is registered at
the I-icli House. The deal has attract
td considerable attention in that the
product of the coal fields has been
pronounced of a very high quality, and
Pacific Steel Company to
Establish Steamship Line
for Carrying' Its Product
LAND BRINGS A MILLION
W. A. Abernathy. Who Sold
Rich Coal Fields to San
Diego Enterprise, Is Here
a Eeiinion and Breakfast
Graduates of Girls' High
School Are Hostesses at
To Prevent Departure From City and Thus Punish a Man
That Had Abandoned Her, Mrs. Julia' Vanni Tries to Have
Him Arrested for Robbery, but Plan Is Nipped in Bud
PROMOTES BIG
ALASKAN DEAL
MARKHAM HERE
FROM HOUSTON
ALUMN AE GIVE
BIG RECEPTION
WOMAN SCORNED ENDEAVORS
TO MAKE CATSPAW OF COURT
THE SAN FRANCISGO CALL', SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1904.
United ¦v States . Local : Inspectors
Bolles>and Bulger yesterday exoner
ated C. . A. Johnson, captain of the
steamship. Tamalpais,, for a collision
with the steamship City, of Dawson at
Washington-street, pier on: March 31.
Captain t Johnson Exonerated.
Thinks It Was Welch.
Coroner Leland ' received a letter
j'esterday from C. E. . Choote of Red
wood . City, Informing him that last
Monday he saw at that place a young
man who resembled - the missing
Oscar , Thoburn , Welch of Montana.
The youth, toldMr. Choote that he had
been .working. In. aj quarry, and was
then on . his way/ to San Francisco ¦ to
draw liis wages.'. ? - . • ,:
30
Much • more ' profitable— but j
not ¦ rnucb ' harder to ¦ raanage-7-a :- 1
twenty-room '¦•=' house -• than an
eight-room ; flat. } / ;
Rare offers advertised to-day
in LODGING-HOUSES FOR*
sale. ; ¦'¦. ' ¦ ; . '¦'
••818-820 ANAPKeT 3T- >SAK FRAHO5CO>_
LA WN WA IS TS. NO VBL TY
A very choice collection of White NECKWEAR. ,.
Lawn Waists, trimmed and tucked „, . „_„- <Jirv:lc Bows, Silk and
with embroidery Insertion, includ- Fifth-avenue aiOfc f J°°.j w ¦¦ 75r
ing a line of plain tucked Lawn- Linen. Persian and Plaid*. Keg./ac.
Waists worth $1.50. Special Mon- ~, . ' SOc
day and Tuesday J)8c Special m ~*
BELTS7 BOWS. , '¦¦ _ „
A great variety of Ladles' Belts, Mid* of extra Fine Black 1 *Meta
in all the popular styles, to be SJJ* J ¦ VL, : a i 25c i
worn with sumer suits are here at Ribbon. bpeciai... : ******
.......j.. ...... ..25c to $1.5O g->r%l LAR AND
kimonas. Offsets.
1%%?. . 1 ! DP ?^! d .^f d . . 55c C L Tn^^«Sered, in Persian col-
1 ««•«»« verv oooular now. Reg.
CET READY FOR YOUR OlingS, very pop o -_ CB-_
SUMMER OUTING. ¦ SOc -Special 25c Ser
HAMMOCKS 39c. MUSIC SPECIALS.
Full size open weave Hammock.. * BIG HITS.
• A better 'one, v 75c; 'or' itili'bettS "Navajo," Instrumental; ; "Love's
• 05c P,Wrie"« "Neath Oregon's Pices :
Canvts weave, assorted colors Kevene, '«^ w '* p,,w;,h-
.... S1.25 "Prison Serenade," waltz. Fufelisn-
Choice of canvas or fancy, weav^e p^ 5Qc Our price /5c
.^.?.^! > h rk !?'^!!"*!^l^oo FOR BOOK LOVERS
Our Hammocks were bought *be- i An «««ortunitv to oet some- of the,
fore the advance In price and we Anopporiwiuy . M j.»,-j .?«-
propose to let you share our good new: copyright novels puoiuoco ai
fortune. $ J.50 and never sold less than $1.03.
CAMP STOOLS 13C. _ «m. only. Wr^ne*
, The folding kind, with stout can- "1 w •ZZ**n*L*n* orLrlaal edl-
-vas seat. The price for this week ¦took. th« followla* otwimi •«
only. More than a dozen . other tionr • •**-
styles of Camp Chairs, Stools and r Pr »Ha bv Marion Crawford.
' Lawn Chairs, from 25c to $1.45 cfrcu rnsUnce. by Weir MitcheL
JAPANESE The Conqueror, by Atherton.
LANTERNS. Dorothy South, by Egsleston.
T7inchSrJ™ camp and make P
it attractive. All styles, sizes and Cinderella, by Crockett.
colors. Some as low as 25c per dz. Cardigan, by Robt. Chambers.
TFiVT^ Intrusions of Peggy, by Hawkins.
-vn<!«:issiDDi Bubble, by Hough.
oSt T 0 S^^x?c r e. S1ZO *"• Ord "' FoTly. by' Handing Davis.
»f L>n Ym? m Misdemeanors of Nancy, by Hoyt. .
a * ****' */¦ J\ Audrey, by Mary Johnston.
GILDED CAGE. Kim, by Rudyard Kipling.
We have the Cage if you have the . Little White Bird, by Barrle.
bird. Hendry's all-brass Cages. Dorothy Vernon. by Majors.
.Rear. 75c; special... ....59c The Traitors, by Oppenhelm.
Hendry's painted Cage, sold every- Th ward of Klne Canute.
ISES at 8 Sa1 PeC Sce' * 'in-effis Se SSl°J t£ft
swing, perch, seed and water cups. Success, by W. R. Hearst.
Knives, Razors and Shears ground and repaired.
Picture Frames of all descriptions made to order. |
Southern Pacific Hot 'ifw
Union Pacific g|jjl j. S
Clean, Cool, Comfortable hSIISv^ n t^48
Travel on Fast Trains f» aH t • \ \ 1':' tr^wS
Sale Dates, May 11, 12, 13. JBftlilf
S. F. Booth, Gen. Aflt. V. P. R. R. i^ * **
Or any Southern Pacilic Agent EL %LJBL M
CURESWEAK MEN.
THE FULL RECEIPT, FOLL DIRECTIONS and DESCRIPTIVE
BOOK FREE-SEND ftDDRESS TODAY,
Hew ImproTed Method that Cures AH Nervous Diseases that Exhaust
tho Vital Powers of Mcn-Glvas ths Vigor and Inclination
of Men of 25, to Hen of 65 and Cures Permanently.
For tin benefit of male readers yooog and old who find themsefces weak in vital fane*
(ion, the well known Dr. Knapp Medical Co. of Detroit, Michigan, will send their faza*
moos receipt and full directions how to curs ditBk^
necessary to write a full letter, as they seed it <w sv^p^v
free as soon as they receive yoar name and fijaKaHiSk «xS 'wr^ JRySga
address. Wonderful improvements have been fflESgjfiESJy- 4"gfhj09J£j!^S
made in this famoa's receipt until it now posi- l»JN?£$r^
tively gives the longed-for effect in only ono -?) Mm I J^ff^t^r^A
day's use, and ceres permanently in hzll the <M33SJL AHw4^w9§w'^&^&
time required by any other method that we have
ever heard of. It is a lasting cure for any form Af!(&M»Bfl| MJKiillipijm^TC&f&t
of wasting drains, vital weakness, lack of stay-. lfif^BwBTO$™^idlllfe J*i8ff^
ing power, bashfnhiess and timidity, Bratr ¦', ftff|yra3f£ ~^^^P^5w^^^
prematurity, dissatisfaction, varicocele, fjCra^jBy
jstrictora and all other embarrassing conditions flj||MjWPSgK IBfajraBUHH^
that intefere. With the newly discovered in- tt|«| g\
gredients that have lately been added this won- Hg|ryifiir~fl HbHHh
derfid receipt it is indeed worth having. It fV^^^^M V
B&esdrrec$ to tho weakened parti, makes the / f^^Sra^f V
muscles firm, the nerves steady and has a vit- /' llrt^f^.4cl^ sBoHV
alizing eifect o'n the glands and mucous mem-M |»\Vi^ m ||i
You know best if you need it or net, and if - jM«^ z$£&' ' la Hlffl
you do, lose no time in getting it, for the soon- TF^^wffift^ iXSKn
er you write the sooner you will be*cr*»d
The address is Dr.* Knapp Medical Co.. J76« *£^s?%j2r?j^™i. JUT
Hull Bufld^g/ Detroit, Mich. Thn nrw' rr i^ vr^y^-' *-":" • y
.ceipt with ftilldirections how cure yourself = privately at ' home and^a booSc that goes
: ,»nto^e subject thoroughly^^will bo mailed you 'at once in a plain sealed package free ol
charge. yriU i not be'asked to deposit any money or to pay for it in any way. It
is. absolutely free; andasit can cost; you nothing -y^ should 'Send for it without
turther delay and find out fot^yourself that it can corr yog ; .'
THE WEkkLY eALli, $1 PER YEAR
ADVERTISEMENTS.
V
I If you wanted to make steam you
wouldn't use half coal and half
! slate.. You would use all coal—
and good coal at that.
• Why shouldn't your digestive
! organs be treated as carefully as
a steam boiler?
\ " FORCE " is the greatest power-
| maker for the human engine.
If " FCRCE " were a pasting fad would three millica 5
1 pecp!e be e&ting it -to-dsy with a relish ?
There are over forty ** bretVfsst foods." /
! But there is only one "FORCE."- The Fire Commissioners met yester
day in regular session and transferred
Captains Kentzel "and Russell for not
maintaining proper discipline. In their
engine houses.. Fireman; Stahl was
fined two months* pay for insubordina
tion and was ordered. transferred. The
hearing of the case of William Mur
phy for alleged participation in a
burglary was continued until the next
meetinr'. :'" V V-'^Si
Fire Commissioners Meet.
The Lick College baseball team de
feated the Lowell High School team
yesterday afternoon on the Presidio
athletic grounds by a score of 11- to
6. White pitched and Hall caught for
the Licks, and Roricovlerl and John
son were in the points for the Lowells.
Lick Wins at Baseball.
MILWAUKEE, April 16.— At the
championship swimming contests of
th? Central Association A. A. U. to
night Frank J. Sullivan of the Cen
tral Y. M. C. A. made a new Ameri
can tank record for swimming under
water. Distance 228 feet; former rec
ord 219 feet. v
New . Swimming Record.
Representative Maddox of Georgia
has received this letter from a con
stituent: "Deer Mister Kongresma^i:
Sum time ago I writ you asking if their
were anny thins the guvrnent could do
to make a fightin wife behave herself.
I alnt heard from you and things Is
no better. Will you please let me know
how I can get one of them big pizen
snakes from Afrlcky. I have always
voted for you and this is mlty little to
ask of you, specially when a mans wife
1st always a pecklri on him."
Representative, Gets Queer Letter.
The British Bible Society, which" la
celebrating its centennial, has issued
over 1SO.000.000 Bibles or portions there-)
of in nearly every language and dialed
on earth. - There is no speech nor lan
guage where the Bibla is not read.
There are now 870 different languages
In which it is printed, and in manj
cases the Bible is the first or the onlj
book so published.
Then ter Voyages to Audiencea.
A new river vessel has been built
for use as a floating theater. The seat
ing capacity is for 1000 people and
there are boxes for the elite and a pit
for the orchestra. In adition, the
vessel is sufficiently large to admit of
numerous sleeping-rooms for the ac
tors, the deckhands and all those ' con-
The Dublin Freemason's Journal says
that Ireland's exhibit at St. Louis will
include not only Irish pictures by great
Irish painters, but portraits of Irish
celebrities and Irish beauties by tho
great roasters of portrait painting.
NEW YORK, April 16.— William
Rothwell ("Young Corbett") sailed to
day for Europe on the steamship St.
Paul. . He will remain abroad three
months.
Youns Corbett Goes to England.
nected with either the show or the
boat. The entire force numbers forty.
On* the steamer which tows th* float
ing theater, besides the boilers and
engines, there is a complete electric,
light plant, besides kitchen and din
ing-room. The boat starts at Pitts
burg.and visits the towns of the coal
miners and steel workers along the
Monongahela , River. Next it returns
and goes down the. Ohio to the Kana
wha, thence to Cairo, and later up the
Illinois River to La SaJle. Than aftei
going back to the Mississippi, the boaj
slowly makes Its way in the direction
of New Orleans.
Another -addition to the President's
menagerie arrived the other day on the
Lowther Castle. The latest animals
to be added to the White House "zoo"
are a voung Hon from : the "Lion of
Abyssinia," with a jackal as an at
tendant- King Menelik also sent two
magnificent elephant tusks as a token
of friendship. The animals were taken
on board at Port Said. These gifts are
really from Menelik to the President,
and are not being announced as such
by a press agent of the St. Louis ex
position. "
The lion and hyena were taken off
the Lowther Castle and brought to
Jersey City, where they, were at. once,
sent on to Washington. The hyena is
not' the ferocious beast he has been
reported to. be, and the lion cub is as
playful arid awkward as a setter pup.
At the present time he is all legs and
has great difficulty . in placing « them
where he wants to. . A side view of
him closely resembles an .antique
clotheshorse that is somewhat' wobbly
in 5 the Joints. During the voyage the
hyena 1 and Hon .were aJlowed loose on
the decks, and^ spent most of their
time playing with the captain's dog. ;
On board the Lowther ; Castle were
fifty-one other animals consigned " to
the Lincoln Park ¦ Zoological Gardens,
Chicago. Chief among them were two
thirty-foot rock; pythons, two v Malay
bears. * one . gibbon," one orang-outang,
twenty- two . monkeys of, all ; sorts and
conditions, one black panther I and two
tigers. There are also' four; Japanese
deer, handsome, shy creatures, about
the slie and shape of our red deer,* but
heavier. No one knows 'to ".whom, these
four deer are going. They; do- nof ap
pear onthe. manifest of-those destined
for Chicago, and will be held in quar
antine until an owner appears for
them. : '.- . ¦ ,
On: the first day out from Singapore
an durang-outang went crazy, - and.
breaking his cage to pleces.igot oufon
deck.- For a/fewi minutes there was
a' panic, but the captain and several
of the, men; subdued the: brtite withja
stream : of' water. £ from", the : ; deck hose
and *a 'generous use of belaying pins."'
Ho* - was ..'confined , In*, another J "and
stronger cage; but .was nearly [ out " tha
Lion and Hyena Arrive in New York
En Route to the White.
. House Zoo.
KING MENELJK'S GIFTS
' TO PRESIDENT . ROOSEVELT
next day before he was discovered. The
captain had no wish to take'any more
chances with the ferocious brute, 'so
he put a couple of ' hundredweight of
ballast In the cage and dropped the
animal overboard. By another weak
two of the other orang-outangs died
from homesickness. Later, iwo tigers
went insane and died, after refusing
food. One morning a python, who was
captured about 'eight months before,
died of starvation. Since he was cap
tured, he had not eaten anything. All
the other animals were In good condi
tion and, with the exception of the
Japanese deer, none had to be quaran
tined.—New York Tribune.
up and, with the spirit of originality
strong upon him. he affixed a notice
over his Ehop with the words, "Estab
lished fifty years," painted in large let
ters. Next day the Yankee replied to
this with a notice over his store to this
effect: '"Established yesterday; no old
stock."— New York Tribune.
"American invasion," relates that an
enterprising Yankee came over to Eng
land and decided to open a shop in
Birmingham. He obtained premises
next door to a man who also kept a
shop of the Fame description, but was
not very pushing in his business meth
ods. Thr methods at the Yankee, how
ever, 'caused the older trader to wake
A London paper, speaking of the
IJve Yankee Wins Trade.
Cardinal Nine Beats Presidio Team.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April
16. — The varsity nine defeated the
Presidio baseball team this morning
by the score of 3 to 1 in a seven
inning game. The soldiers and the var
sity agreed before the game started to
play only seven Innings. At the end
of the seventh the former insisted on
making It nine, since they were be
hind. As the hour was late and the
agreement had bee,n to play but seven
innings, Captain Ball would not ac
cede to their request. .
Mrs. Juniper entered ;he doctor's of
fice dragging by the l:and an over
grown boy of 14. She was excited and
impatient; he was dogged and glum.
"Oh. doctor, he has lost his voice! He
hasn't spoken a word fur two days,"
she said.
The boy looked at her sullenly, and
suffered the doctor to noicl his f?.ce up
to the light. #
"Open your mouth. H'n»! Tonjjue
all right?"
"Ya-ah."
"Hold your head up and let me look
at your throat. Seems to be Something
the trouble there. Push your tongue
out. Now pull it back. Feel all right?'
"Ya-ah."
'"Why. Mrs. Juniper, there Is nothing
the matter with him." paid the doc
tor impatiently. "Boy, why don't you
talk?"
"How car. I wh<rn 1 ain't pot any
thing to say?" — Youth's Companion.
Dispense Thut Is Rare.
Sawtrie aroused the animosity of his
.fellow classmen, it is said, by refusing
to contribute toward the com cf a sup
per given by the class recently to the
sophomores and the faculty. It .was
the frc-shmen who cut his hn'r nnrt
painted bis pcalp.— Philadelphia North
American.
Then a cot of H«tht prf-en paint wns
produced and in a trice Savtsie*> bare
poll i. was. a?- brilliant to- an Easter
e£g.
"Fifteen mm m the «1^h1 mans
•chest; ye ho..lio, and a, bottle of rum."
Thus cheerily cJiortled iVriiinr n J Saw
trie, a member -of ; the freshman class
at the Medico-Chirurgical College, as
he industriously carved away at a ca
daver in tbe dissecting* room of the
college.
Suddenly strong arms Flayed the
scalpel. Before Sawtrie could turn he
was pinioned and held fast. Horse clip
pers flashed in front of his eyes, and
*vhile he writhed and twitted in Itn
pot^nt rase his curly br.nvn locks fell
on thf floor.
Painted Him Given
First- four . furlongs — Suzzana
Rocamor*e won. Cotillion second, Mon
Amour third. Time, :47 1-5. .
Second race, six furlongs, selling — •
Akela won. Pretorius second, Queon
Elizabeth third. Time, 1:14 2-0.
Third race, the Canarsle stakes, half
mile — Augur won, Amber Jack second,
Cedarstrome third. Time. :47. i
Fourth race, six furlongs, the'Rock
away' stakes, selling: — Silver Dream
won. For Luck second, The Musketeer
third. Time. 1:13 4-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Lord of the
Valley won. Rob Roy second, Tom
Cod third. Time, 1:14 4-5.
Sixth race, seven furlongs, handi
cap — Oarsman won, Colonsay sec
ond, Fustian third. Time. 1:127 3-5.
Haclns: at Aqueduct.
NEW.,YORK. April 16.— Aqueduct
results: n .•¦¦-. f : ' V
Second race, four and a half fur
longs, selling — Enchantment won.
Walter Arnold second, Monaco Maid
third. Time, :57.
Third race, one mile — Coruscate
won. The Conqueror II second, Elliott
third. Time. 1:42%.
Fourth race. Hotel Gayoso stak03,
one mile — Moharib won, Barkley sec
ond, Auditor third. Time, 1:44.
Fifth race, six furlongs, selling —
Mattle II won, Tom Crabb second. Op
tional third. Time, 1:16%.
Sixth race, steeplechase, short
course — Bright Girl won, Dr. Howlin
second, Duke of Connaught third.
Time. 2:53V4-
Seventh race, six furlongs, selling—
Alma Dufour won, Bensonhurst sec
ond, Maritana third.. Time, 1:16.
MEMPHIS. Tenn.. April 16.—Mont
gomery Park results:
First race, one mile and an eighth,
selling — Potheen won, Rankin second,
Black Wolf third. Time, 1:57%..
Steeplechase for Bright Girl.
I Stanford Tennis Players Are Clearly
Outclassed by the Cracks From
University of California.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. April
16. — The University of California
again won the Intercollegiate tennis
tournament to-day, the matches being
played on the Stanford courts. The
blue and gold players clearly out
classed the cardinal racket wielders.
Drummond MacGavin and Neil Baker
won the singles contests from George
Hodge and Cleve Baker respectively,
while the doubles match was called,
with the score 5-6 In the first set,
on account of a heavy downpour of
rain, that rendered the courts too
slippery to be played upon. Mac-
Gavin and Varlel represented Califor
nia In the doubles, while Hodge and
CJeve Baker composed the Stanford
team. The doubles gave promise of
being a very close and exciting con
test.
MacGavin and Hodge were pitted
against each other in the first of the
singles matches. The former experi
enced little difficulty In defeating the
cardinal representative in two straight
sets by the score ¦ ot 6-3, 6-2. Mac-
Gavin's smashing" was too much for
Hodge, although the latter appeared
to have a little the better of It at lob
bing.
Neil Baker of Berkeley won from
Cleve Baker of Stanford In two
straight sets, the score being 13-11,
6-4. The outcome of this match was a
great surprise to the majority of the
spectators, as Cleve Baker appeared
capable of playing the better game.
His work was very erratic, however,
and he was unable to follow up tho
advantages that he frequently had. He
also showed poor judgment In placing
his returns.
BLUE AND GOLD RACKET
W1ELDEUS TRIUMPH AGAIX
PHILADELPHIA. April 16.— After
having to-day's game practically won
by superior hitting, the home club,
through a combination of misplays and
hits by Boston, allowed the visitors to
win. A base on balls, an error by
Douglass, a man hit by a pitched ball
and three singles in the sixth gave
Boston a lead which the locals were
unable to overcome. Attendance 3100.
Score:
IL II. E.
Philadelphia 1 14 3
Boston 8 8 1
Batteries — Lush and Dooin; Wilhelm
and Moran. Umpire, Moran.
CINCINNATI, April 16.— Cincinnati
secured what seemed to be a winning
lead in the second and third Innings of
the game to-day, but their hitting
failed to hold out. Chicago overtook
them in the sixth and were , never
headed. Attendance 3500. Score:
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 7 9 5
Chicago .10 12 4
Batteries— Elliott, Ewing, O'Neill and
Peitz; Lundgren, Wicker and Kllng.
Umpire, Johnston.
NEW YORK, April 16.— The New
York Nationals won their third
straight victory from Brooklyn at
Washington Park to-daj'. It was a
pitchers' battle, In which Taylor got
the upper hand of Poole. Attendance
C000. . Score:
R. H. E.
New York 3 4 0
Brooklyn 12 2
Batteries— Taylor and Bowerman;
Poole and Bergen. Umpire, EmsUe.
S ST. LOUIS, April 16.— The St. Louis
National League team defeated Pitts
burg to-day.. At the close Pittsburg
had three men on brises. Attendance
7000. Score:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 7 11 2
Pittsburg 6 12 .2
Batteries— Nichols and Byers; Miller
and Smith. Umpire. O'Day.
Washington 2 7 1
Philadelphia ..12 20 2
Batteries— Townsend and Klttredge;
Waddell and Schreck. •
ST. LOUIS. April 16.— After twelve
innings of fast baseball the Detroit
team defeated the St. Louis Americans
to-day by a score of 4 to 3. Attendance
1180. Score:
. \ R. H. E.
St. Loufe 3 ' 5 2
Detroit 4 10 .3
Batteries— Pelty and Sugden;Klllian
and McManus and Buelow. ,
' CHICAGO, April 16.— On costly errors
by Cleveland's outfleld and Hickey's
wildness the locals won out to-day after
the visitors had obtained a good lead
by hard hitting. Attendance 4400. Score:
R. H. E.
Chicago » 10 10 3
Cleveland 8 10 4
Batteries— Altrock and Sullivan:
Hickey and Bemis.
NEW YORK. April 16.— The Boston
American League champions again out
played • the local Americans to-day.
Hughes was hit hard and Puttmann
relieved, him in the. fifth Inning. At
tendance 5000. Score:
R. H. E.
New York.. 6 0 4
Beaton ...Al 14 0
Batteries— Hughes, Puttnmnn and
Beville; Dlneen. and Criger. .
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
WASHINGTON, April 16.— The Phil
adelphia players had on their batting
clothes to-day and defeated Washing
ton 12 to 2. Waddell simply toyed with
the opposing batsmen. The cold weath
er and the Georgetown-Harvard game
kept the attendance down to 2600.
Score:
R. H. E.
The Eccentric Pitcher Toys Witb the
Batsmen oT Washington Club.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
RUBE WADDELIi IN ACTION*.
Tlicir Own Way of Proving Tiii»t the
Property Was Not
Stolen.
Enforcement of thf recent rule that
under no circumstances will persons
be permitted to carry packages from
the World's Fair grounds without a
ppeolal permit resulted in four Chinese
artisans destroying four valuable
carved wooden images, before the as
umishod gatekeeper. The four Celes
tial artisans had been Instructed to
take the imagos from the Chinese pa
vilion to the Chinese commissioners,
residing in the city, who had arranged
to have th»-m gilded and painted, to
.he presented to distinguished World's
Fair people as souvenirs- Through er
ror no written, permits to- take images
f mm the grounds bad been provided.
A gatekeeper stopped the four China
men and investigated their packages.
Tho Celestials could not understand
English, but they perceived that they
were not going to be permitted to carry
Ihe images through the sates. There
upon each "broke his image into pieces.
An interpreter was summoned and
quickly made it plain that the China
men had broken the images to prove
their innocence <_-f theft.
"In China, when a man is accused of
stealing anything found in his posses
sion he immediately destroys it to show
that he is no thief." said me interpre
ter. — St. Louis Hcpublic.
IMAGES SMASHIC1)
BY SLIXSiriVK CHINESE
of the structures. j
The first shock sounded like a loud j
explosion. This was followed by two
lesser shocks and then a low rumbling, j
At Chlco there wa*-a slight Jar felt, j
At Red Bluff the buildings were
shaken. At Shasta there was quite aj
shake-up, but not so severe as In Red- {
ding. To the north the quake was felt !
as far as Sisson, but with decreased j
force. Redding seems to have been the
center of disturbance.
At Logan's ranch, below town, the
shock was very severe, and Mrs. New- ,
barth was nearly knocked from her .
bed. No damage Is reported from any t
point. I
READING. April 16.— Redding and j
the entire northern portion of the State
was visited by a severe earthquake
early this morning. The quake began
exactly at 1:24 o'clock and lasted for I
fully twenty seconds. There were, in •
fact, three distinct shocks, the vibra
tion being from south to north. In Red
ding buildings shook forcibly, dishes'
and windows rattled . . and people all j
over the city were awakened. People in
the downtown hotels started to get Into j
the streets, expecting the quake to In- ,
•crease in severity and cause a collapse i
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA FK, N. Mex., April 16.—Col
onel George Knaebel, Collector and
Trensurer of Santa Fe County, wns
found short to-day $12,000 of county
and .school fund*. $2500 Territorial irri
gation funds and lesser sums In other
funds. The. money was lost within the
last sixty days In cotton speculation.
Territorial Auditor Charles V. Staf
ford discovered the shortage. Knaebel,
upon request, tendered his resigna
tion to Governor Otero and It was ac
cepted. He has not yet been arrested,
although he admits his shortage. His
bondsmen and he will endeavor to
rover the losses. Solicitor General
Dartlett and the Board of County Com
missioners have the matter of legal
proceedings under consideration.
LONDON, April 16. — At the unveil-!
Ing of the Nelson* memorial at Bath
to-day the Earl of Selborne, First Lord
of tho Admiralty, announced that
there- had been recovered from th«
wrecked submarine boat Al. which
was sunk on March 18 and her entire
crew Jost, the remains of the optical
tube and part of the conning tower.
"The officer in charge ought fre
queutly to have scanned the horizon,"
said L.ord Selborne."but he had orders
to look out for his Majesty's ship Juno
and In his anxiety to observe her he
forgot too long to ' scan the horizon.
The officer subsequently saw looming
in his Held of vision the bows of a
great ship. He rapidly turned his
tube, saw the ship was right on top of
him and immediately made his sub
marine boat dive, and to show the
tragedy o^ the event It appears that
there were only three seconds between
the crew and safety. Three seconds
more would have taken the submarine
boat under the ship."
Quivering of ; the Ground '
Causes Dishes ; to Rattle,
but No Damage Results,
•Guilt Is Admitted by the
Accused and He Tenders
Resignation to Governor
Have Watched the Horizon
First Lord of Admiralty
Claims Commander Should
LOOKED WRONG WAY
SOUND AS OF EXPLOSION
UNEARTHED BY AUDITOR
Cotton Speculation Causes
the Downfall of Official
of Territory of New Mexico
" ROME. April 16. — The Vatican this
morning presented a spectacle unpre
cedented for centuries when Pope
Pius, the Cardinals and other digni
taries of the church, the members of
the papal court, th<* "black" aris
tocracy and 300 other guests assisted
at the performance in the Sala Regia
of the Abbe Perosia's new oratorio,
"The Last Judgment."
The choir, which included women
slnserf, was personally directed by the
composer. The Pope was greatly
ple.ised with the presentation of Abbe
Perosia's latest work and offered him
his congratulations on the success of
the oratorio. It Is popularly said that
the present pot'tiQcate will be a golden
era for sacrM music
Pontiff and Cardinals Are
Delighted With tho Suc
cess of New Production
COMPOSER APPLAUDED
His Holiness and High
Dignitaries Attend Presen
tation of "Last Judgment"
Residents of. Redding and
Other Northern California
Cities Suffer Sharp Shock
Scl borne Avers Navigator
in Charge of Submarine
lloat Al Was Too Anxious
KNAEBEL USES
COUNTY FUNDS
EARTHQUAKES
AND RUMBLES
POPE LISTENS
TO ORATORIO
SAYS OFFICER
IS BLAMABLE
THE.-SAN FRANCISCO, GALI., SUNDAY,, APRIL 17, 1904,
31
,(([&•& Pleasures \
I j I OT : with-the v y
'%% Columbia \
one-end cur " .=>.j*T — a love song to • boot.
: popu er prices . - ¦&&?¦>•> _ t.
\r\n% itwth'n the reach of all— $5.00 to $65.00; Records, 25c I
j to $2.00. Ersy payments if desired.
[ Columbia Phonograph Go. Ccn'l
Pise and Cylinder *Graphqphone». . Record* and SnppUaa.
- ! 25 GEARy SIP:, San Francisco. «
k OPEN SATURDAY EVENINGS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
tEROYuTTLE
ASHORriMOKTrHAT HAS "
CHARACTER AND INDIVIDUALITY.
URGE 5IZE^^^^
"MA/ifDPasrfiA/p
UXG£5/Zt;7S*
LMlLLER S 50M5. 153 CROSBY StNX
: . . *APVEBTISEaLENT&. ¦ ¦
iT¥l / / f Haven't.a house to warm? The Sterling will find you a house,
1117 / V a house t0 suit y° ur needs and income. The Sterling will furnish
] (J I ¦ ] it from basement to attic on«your promise to pay. :d
' xJ • f Thousands have furnished their homes in this • way at the
"v F'' Sterling — many of them on smaller incomes than yours.
Why not you?
I . Wr^ A GOOD IHVESTMENT FOS JB7.5O. °^||xll
K I \ At nfnnnm ' IK You'd certainly cet your money's worth of ll'ffi^i 1 1 ~l 1fT. 1 1 »A
OB i W0 1/rapCI y * Wi| comfort if It was the very poor-st kln«J of a 5V s -^_/C__^— < / \\ £L— <a -
W0J *M jft couch; but It happens to be a very good one. By Jt /Ff m
fbv',.rjr honarfmonr H 20 tempered «teel sprlnga, stoutly fastened; ffl aU — -siSllllg* 1 . .. ¦¦'. ¦..-;
K*^ UCpai_llllClll. <| canvas Unlnr. Made plain, without tufting. «A— <fllu. r=a-
Hi • KTottlnffham Iiaee Cur-W of* ° U a "particu* jfT • ( gk Table Of Settle, $19.50.
Dim . tains. S1.00 a Pair. | larly pleaalnc /VV"h As vou choose.
Ill ill Good, washable cur- pattern. I '•" K §3 Picture shows It both ways. -Mad©
lit \\ " ¦ •tains In very pretty Lrf^V' •*.$] ' ' n r ' c h old weathered oak.
Ill li patterns. Quite a varl- I^-W^ w Top measures 36. inches wide and
I 1 II \ ¦ ety to choose from.- I r]^n .,4 V 'L^St 60 Inches long; good, generous size.
II il \ They will not dlsap- ¦ |7Hnr gC tr er^j^j J t 'f T 1 1 \ L <^^rr^^t, When us*>d as a settle it makes an
Illl ) point you. */ R 11 " II 1 1 11 I II KXt&XmNtft&B artiatic hall piece; back is firm, and
II ft/ Art Ola.. Effect, la B h ) II iJ^llll^^M^ better- yet. it is comfortable. .
<8 Indies wide and richest of col- — " «r l&k «j mi P'jHfS^Sy^'fl^^' ??]
A Pretty Oriental Iron Lantern. $1.50. Pretty MOSEIS CHAIB, Sit JO | W^^^^^ 5^ 5 '^ I >Ji
wo^io I^%^i& l .S5i"cSS2 Tabourette, "^ZZZ&S^ ti$WSSk£>^ :3
complete. _ _ «!/!«; •¦el«t any |C set of cushion. Ill -M^ffl^s/^N^^NsN :3
Nottlnsrham lace Bed Sets. S1.50 lM U)e Flore to go with your U; ¦^^^^^ S J V r~ r^rif
a Set. ' cluLir. The design is a new |5j f^Sl • / ,f^l
Made with pillow shams, wreath <ioldfii oak or ,, nr antl lt - s a beauty; picture rt ¦ * q^ \A
pattern. weathered. The o ,, Iy hlntSg K C.'.'T^CV -^ - i . .'."'i 1 - - p ) *\
Freacli liawa Bed Sets. S3.25 a Set. J. ow Price makes jlyCZtli^' i *£fjM'* i
Made for metal bed. with bolster it loolt still /-?i>y£ffip^vW-f-£rf — -^-"^ — — " '" "' -~'^tl -^J
drape, dotted efft-ct or openwork fctripe. prettier. JS^^.-w/ g^^^—£-— -^- ' ' ¦ "__j^^3lif
gLwS^S^JSal -• **\ -^ l^ ¦ wo °st!rVi r oS. bM " TH1S EIG seveiv-poot
'J^wBf|MBftft^^EtfffiTB * 'c^fO^' "" "•' a nicker buiJt't'n'hnnd- SIDEBOARD, $48.00.
I " I ITr "rtViS'pOHHrrt fM'Ill I li 1 1 urtOTllil ill Hi 1 ' Fnme l|ne *- , A r 'w. K '£ nvery rart of it i» made or the richest
I IU l ' ''- 11 — flTOBSZ t^tW^Sv^W Iuw' 1 bulIt for comf " rt - lnKh quarter-sawerl polished oak.
. —"-f V^-^V >_zJ.^-^W f S? tr^^ _W back:, gprendlns- arrns. A S c-lnch French plate mirror.
A<iPI FNnin RFftRHflM Si1"7 ICl /r**T»'^?f^ Beautlfnl deslcn. rich carvlns and
OrLLlilllU DL.t/l\UUlV| OUII, •$%}/. Oil. t\ | .fl'tipl careful cabinet work.
Those big rolls on the head and foot boards of tho brd are a V/ — ZH>*Ki ¦
Crxxl 4 Inches In fllameter. • ' -li I li 11 **^
Blgr cheval mirror.' 40 Inches [p height." CJ—^ ' ' ' -\_ ¦* T II '— tga f V
(,'urvcd to:> drawers in bureau und wash- iSsSLj. ¦ i»w II ~ — "m > _<^J' «^
stand. Curving* eri> dee;ily chisrled. A ]Bfflfer>555^5K{KJfrar II ' lir - fl r**me^ Pi^ I' y^^P^''^ \i
stroiip; handsome suit, built to endure. !5|jj './ tj- ' ~~t » J Il1J_J-2 f\. \ ) //*S\ fl \k
"^ ..'"¦ ™ *»a«onabl«. MaJe or promotes chair Fir«it Alwav^ Fir^ft ' ¦•
Pafi>nf Kilrlit»n Tahlt» ftA nan1 w »"3. perfectly i on revity. Grace- i u »i . *tiway» i il si.
patent mtcnen I amc, m^u^i .no g ua«n. ruT!?,*"*. »o»d 4u ENAMELED BED. $4 75
Ever hear of such a price before? . teed In every respect. an(1 upholstered I o a tolontal dMlin-on ths ord.r «f lh.
You know aa well as we do they are — ==~ |-_»nn»ri n r i^.ithrr fo*r-POTter! on tha order of the
$150 all over town. ' 'jfas • I "tJE^W Comes " in two-color schemej. apple
Exactly the game In every respect ex- _rnVjLTr I r^jT' 5r P< -n and rure white. It's a w-ll-con-
ceptlng the flour Wns They are made of rtructed. honest sort of a bed that will
hard woud instead of zinc. Cant get /4* % £J£?^4^^^S&Zs%, treat you right as t.» look* and-wear.
twisted out of fhai>e or dentt^. vK^MmmiLL t^&^^^X^^Kv Three-quarter and single »lz?s only.
No mail or telephone orders accepted. /A^s/ Si I^^^^S^i '^'^^^^SyTyV'- No mail or telephone orders accepted.
E VERYTEING TOE THE HOME, '//w^ff' i 1^^ rt^MA CREDIT TOR EVEBTTKINO.
8O3& MARKET ST. 85 " 1 M - AlUSTIRSL
AJVEBTISEMENTS. -._-. r ,,_. J -_,-_-,.-^-
m Y^^^^ffS A MILLION GOOD FELLOWS have 1
H J*2&P^^bC?S& learned that "a CASCARBT at ni?ht fig
? 46r >S$WfV makes you feel all riffht— In the mom- t
I ffl in*!" And they have told other erood H
1 g ,m V VS& fellows, until tho eale of OASOAR- g
I 4f^5f <^^ E*$s& ETS Candy Cathartic is over A MIL- B
1 I^Mk V B*1»L LION BOXES A MONTH. Nature g
J KyiSfe^^fesS! Ssf^ punishes every excess,andover-oat- §
I Mr W3T ins, over-drinking:, under-sleeping: |
| Wk wr^SSBmf I result in stomach, liver, kidney and |
w. bowel troubles that are liable to be- a
i %lfffi^» I' l!y come very serious. It is very unwiso Eg
B % Kgglffiy fl W to wait until the digestion is stop- |
5 «JS5*!«d*' // f P ed » tne bowels constipated, the K
¦ '«',• * -. / - I tongue coated., the breath offensive, B
I .—.. VBaSr >Y/>*— ¦ —A and the nerves tortured with a rack- H
1 JlV ygS*~^r* \ ing sick headache. To' prevent all H
Ii2# '-Mfr ' ¦¦ this, take a CASOARET just before |
1 f*ei to 3*\ \ going: to bed. and wake up in the jj
I *•«**" '^T \ morning feelinar fine and dandy, |
R ;de£%L. V S ready for work or play. Best R
G a / for the Bowels. All druggists, |
6 *4&83§&ii : l MT 10c 25c, 5Oo. Never sold in bulk. Tho genuine g
« t$kw£\fr tablet stamped O O O. Guaranteed to cure or |
a M&PmfrMw your money back. Sample and booklet free. H
1 iffr AddreM STEBLING RE^f c iIo C o 3^e A w N Ybr 1C . |
¦C MS E& nA I Wft m*Bk Eja. lwn J fi£r^ E£b£ j jffiL mrm md
I ANNUAL SALE-TEN MILLION BOXES I
K Greatest tn the Wor j^^^^^^^^LgS Townsend'a California Glaco"/ ruits'and
choice . candies. In - artistic flre-etched
boxes. 'A nice present for Eastern friends
715- Market street, above Call building • •
A Good Story, But —
There has Just been discovered In the
Far East a species of the acacia tree
which closes its leaves together in colls
each day at sunset and curls its twigs
to the shape of pigtails. After the tree
has settled itself thus for a night's
sleep, if touched the whole thing will
flutter as if agitated or Impatient at
being disturbed. oftener the
foliage is molested, - the more violent
becomes the shaking of the branches,
and at length the tree emits a nauseat
ing odor, which. If inhaled for a few
moments, causes a violent dizzy head
ache. -It has been named the "angry
tree." — New York Tribune.
JOINING A> LODqE— Subscriber.
City. This correspondent .writes:
"Would it be" wrong for a husband and
father of a* young son to Join \ a" lodge
on the quiet, without , telling^ his "wife
anything, about it. even 'after he be
came a member ?*' If the • lodge was
one that ; has • protective ¦ or -beneficial
features he should have no hesitancy
in telling his . wife ; if not a proper in
stitution; he should not join. ¦ A hus
band should have - no secrets from his
wife! .. . .
THE Sacramento Bee says that the reason why
Northern California does, not share in -the heavy
tourist travel to this State is the lack of hotels.
This is probably true. If Sacramento had an attractive
hotel for tourists there seems no reason why it should
not attract that travel as well as Southern California
points. \
A few years ago the Chief oi- the Bureau of Good
Roads in the Agricultural Department attended • a good
roads convention in Sacramento. As he sat in the con
vention he looked out through a grove of orange trees,
with the fruit ripe and yellow, and as. a\ background
rose the far mountains covered with snow, for it was
in January. He said that nowhere else w/s- a more
attractive scene and he seemed impressed that the peo
ple of' Sacramento did not regard it as specially alluring.
Sacramento has in the Sutter Fort a monument of our
early history. The Capitol building is attractive Ynd the
park in which it stands is an arboretum of the greatest
interest. How many Sacramentans know that the Jouter
row of trees in that park are' the Roman pine, the pinus
OUR TOURIST TRAVEL.
NATURALIZATION— W. S., City.
If you secured your first papers to be
come, a citizen of the United States
more than^ two years* ago and desire
to secure your second papeVs' in this
State, you will have to be a resident
of the State one year before your sec
ond papers can be granted, provided
you have resided in the United States
five years consecutively prior to the
application for second papers.
A school of whales appeared off Vladivostok Wednes
day last, which threw the inhabitants into a fit of
shivers in the belief that they were Japanese torpedo
boats. The Russians may be pardoned from a less
cause than whales for "seeing- things," in view of the
late occurrences.
CHICKEN LICE— Subscriber, Dlxon,
Cal. To rid . chickens and . hen house
of chicken lice, make the roosts per
fectly clean with ' hot soap suds. Af
terward apply, spirits of turpentine or
kerosene; also strew sprigs and
branches on the floor of the hen house
and remove .such- frequently. Then
keep the hen house perfectly clean.
O;N the same day Senator Bailey of Texas was de-.
¦ nouncing the civil service law in the Senate rand
Civil Service Commissioner Cooley was uphold
ing it with the applause of the studentsof the University
of California. Senator Bailey boldly declared himself a
spoilsman. When a political party captures the .na
tional administration he thinks it should make a clean,
sweep and capture every place down, to the charwoman
aj party, patronage. He takes the view of the average
politician,. who wants the chance, to advance himself by
billeting upon the public service those who work f of his
advancement to the exclusion of others, even* in his own
party, who has not guessed the winner in a nominating
convention. .
It will be seen that the Senator wants each member of
Congress to be a sort of Civil Service Commissioner, who
shall, have the power to put men into service) excluding
others,' and not testing the . fitness of his appointees, : but "
making their fealty to him the test of their eligibility. The
country tried that plan until the passage of the Pendle
ton brll, and 'since , then the law has prettyj well extermf
nated-the 'spoils system for which Senator Bailey pants
as "th'e; hart pantcth for the water brook. . : ... \
Any one familiar with the departmental: service in
Washington must notice the vast change- wrought^ in' it <
since : it ; was sheltered from the spoils "system; Formerly.
the,department clerk was an impermanent quantity.' His*
commercial credit was low and the uncertainty of'his
tenure made him financially irresponsible. "The trades
people suffered great losses in moneyand*
th'e 'service. in nepiitation. • '•'¦.. ..'-/.. , .
. Now, the clerk is a -'fixture. /His credit *is good because
he, must keep it so, and the character of! the service -has
been immensely /"improved. We;are inclined to think
that the^applause. of university students .indicates > that'
the. spoils system is gone to stay "gone," and that the 'co'un;
try Jwill; take no backward steps even to please Texas.'
THE CIVIL SERVICE.
Zinszvers to Queries.
CANAL IN NEVADA— R. S., Nlles
Cal. For' information relative to wa
ter to be obtained from the canal now
being built in the State of Nevada ad
dress L.N. Taylor, ! Geological Survey.
Carson, City, Nev.
Saturday's papers contained a fitting illustration for
the "Tale of Two Cities." A number, of citizens of Oak
land voluntarily gave deeds to"' that city 'to' enable the
Lake Merritt boulevard to be extended. along four blocks
en Harrison street. In this city the Supervisors" granted
the petition of the Sutro heirs,' enabling them to take
back the Dewey boulevard, which was thus taken off the
map. . i ¦¦ '
Where It Is Cold.
The coldest city, in the world Is Ya
kutsk, Eastern Siberia, in the empire
of the. Czar and' the Russians. It is the
great commercial emporium of East
Siberia and the capital of the -province
of Yakutsk, which. In m«st- of Its areri
of 1,517,063 square miles, is a bare
desert, the soil of which is frozen to a
great depth. Yakutsk consists of about
400 houses of European structure,
standing apart. The intervening spaces
are occupied by winter yoorts, or huts
of the northern nomads, with earthen
roofs, doors' covered with hairy hides
and windows of ice. Caravans with
Chinese 'and European goods collect the
produce of the whole line of coast on
the Polar Sea between the parallels of
70 and 74 degrees, from the mouth of
the - River Lena to the farthest point
inhabited by. the Chookchees. Last
year a colporteur of the British and
Foreign Bible Society made a tour of
eleven weeks down the Lena, a river
3000 miles long, . visiting Yakutsk and
selling gospels in their own language
to the Yakuts in the villages along the
banks.— Leslie's "Weekly.
War and the Markets.
The reason why an international war
should have a far-reaching, effect on
financial values deserves explanation,
because it Is .very imperfectly • grasped
by the community, at; large. To most
people the matter, seems simple enough.
In ordinary, comment in such events,
there .will be found a prevalent infer
ence that the securities of a given state,
in time of war, . rise or rail according
as that , state is victorious or unsuc
cessful, because success In the contest
will 'make for national prosperity and
defeat for national, adversity. , There is
a grain, of truth in the theory thus out
lined, ''but it is'nbt a complete explana
tion. It/does .not, for example,' explain
why public securities of both bellige
rents should decline on the outbreak of
a war, even when, as In our Spanish
war,, the result of the conflict Is not
in doubt. It does not explain why the
state victorious in the , Transvaal war
should have suffered more heavily in
its markets than the defeated power in
the war of 1898. -It cannot account for
the fact that, during our Revolutionary
war,' British Government securities
used* to. decline all- the more rapidly
when news ¦ of a. British victory, was
received in .London.
¦ This. last .incident points to the funda
mental • truth, which is, " that security
values are • affected simply, and solely
because, of, the enormous expense of
war, which leads to sale of new securi
ties, .whereby the .general level of
values, necessarily . is lowered. In the
case of : England, during our Revolu
tionary, war, the London market held
the opinion that, if the Americans were
successful in . a few engagements, the
war would be brought to a -close, but
that, if the English were, to gain the
advantage the struggle would be pro
tracted 'without the probability of
bringing it to a close: The underlying
principle of -war markets is that the
enormous costliness of-war, particular
ly-in-modern times, makes absolutely
necessary very large borrowing opera
tions by. the contending governments.
Estimates of recent wars, including the
Japanese Var- with China in 1894 and
England's war.. In ; the Transvaal be
tween 1899 and 1902, Indicate that even
a small war of that, character can
not be fought to a finish except by an
average expenditure of fully a million
dollars daily.: French statisticians have
lately reckoned that a conflict in
Europe between- two first-class conti
nentar powers would cost each of them
in the neighborhood of $5,000,000 a day.
These^estimates may ¦ or; may not be
exaggerated, but they show what fin
ancial: requirements may. be involved in
such a conflict.
: Now no Government possesses a fund
of money sufficient to wage such; a' war
for; any long period, nor is '\ It possible
for any Government to * Introduce new!
taxes such as would raise from its peo
ple the sum required. - Hence it , must
have recourse to the" accumulated capi
tal of the world's money market. . In
the case : of the Japanese swar of 1894
with China, ..which lasted only, seven
months, all , the money was . raised - at
*hbnie through V loans or ' through in
creased taxes.! But in the - Boer; war,
England, had to. borrow $600,000,000; and
the strain of these ¦ loans, with ;, that': of
the increased taxes which accompanied
them,*Vwas such as fairly to exhaust the
"resources ; of English .capital.-; At ¦ least
two of / ' the British . warj loans were
placed,. in large measure, , on other mar
kets,' such as Paris and^New York; 'and
even where this expedient jvas not fol- ;
lowed; the English ! money",'' taken* from
the open " market and ; invested > In^ < the"
new bonds, ; had .to [be j replaced ; on that
open fmarket " by ¦ French * and 'American
capital. But since the^resources of the
SACREDNESS OF THE FLAG.
UNDER a New York statute which makes it unlaw
ful to attach to a national flag or the representa
tion of a national flag any words, marks or ad
vertisements exploiting the merits of merchandise or in
any way advancing the' business interests of an individual
or corporation a case was recently tried in that State,
which' resulted in the imposing of an unfavorable con
struction upon this eminently commendable law. The
court decided' that the enforcement of this statute was
in violation of the legitimate exercise of the police power
and that it made an unfair discrimination against mer
chants, in that jewelers, seal-makers and, stationery em
bossers were exempt from its operations as the law now
stands.
It has been saidby biting critics from across the water
that Americans have no sense of, reverence and very lit
tle conception of the eternal fitness of thinjjs. / Our Old
World friends are prone to aver that the pursuit of the
almighty dollar will lead the average American where
angels fear to tread and they take great glee in pointing
out as instance the fearful and wonderful spirit which
moves the .freak advertising methods of some : of our
merchants. "Pale -Pellets" painted on the craggy scarp of
the Niagara; "La Mort Cigarettes" flashed' upon the
clouds by a stereopticon; "Aunt Hannah's, Twin Babies
Desiccated Dessert" hung in the air by a string of kites —
these afe things which appeal to the uncommercial and
highly Ruskinized sensibilities of our European xpusins
with something of a shock. When they see, as the limit,
little children raise their hands in the daily, salute to the
'flag and then, within the same hour mayhap, bring home
to their mothers a can of beans or a rasher of bacon with
the stars and stripes gleaming cffulgently. from the gaudy
wrapper thereof, they 'must indeed be pardoned for
thinking a few things about the intricacies in'the Ameri
can character.
If the State law in New York has proven ineffectual
in. stopping the practice of adapting-our national banner
to the exigencies of trade it lies within" the power of
Congress to make a ruling which shall 1 be binding the
country over. The Government has power "to regulate
the use of the very emblem of its existence. By restrict 1
ing the functional qualities of the flag to- those proper
ones of patriotic expression and the exemplification of
the .majesty of the Government Congress could bring
about a far .healthier respect for the emblem of our na-*;
tion and save it from becoming cheapened in our eyes \
by association with canned tomatoes or ladies', hosiery. /
Not So Foolish.
' Several Democratic politicians were
! discussing old times the other day and
j a good story, was told about "Jim"
j O'Brien. Ex-Supervisor Barry, who
j was one of the "Solid Nine," was anx
j ious to run again for office, but as he
[did not get the Democratic nomination
j he decided to run as an independent
I candidate. Every one that entered his
•saloon, which he was then conducting
| on Market street, was asked to sign
• the necessary petition.
j • One night O'Brien, accompanied by
i "Blinker" Murphy and two others, call
; ed at Barry's saloon, and Barry prompt
j ly asked O'Brien to sign the petition.
He complied and ordered drinks for the
I crowd. Then he ordered another round
! of drinks and poured hot air all the
! time at Barry. ;-\ ;. ¦". ;
j When . they left the saloon O'Brien
! said, "What a blamed fool Barry is to
think for a minute that , he could be
elected again. He hasn't the ghost of
ja chance.'.' 'izjp\
I "Oh, I : don't know," retorted "Blink
! er." "It seems to me he's not the only
i fool around. He got you to sign his pe
; tition and spend 50 cents for drinks.'.'
j O'Bflen did not pursue the subject
] further.
Even the "Weary Willies" may swell withpride. at the
prospect of the rebuilding of the Camino Real. . Ties
are not in it with a King's highway with, shade trees
and rare exotics for trimmings.
A Snake Story:
A New York paper prints the follow
Ing capital yarn, which is well qualified
to take rank with Mark Twain's classic
about the buffalo who "climb" a tree.
Here it is:
* "Many creatures of the tropic zone
arrived yesterday aboard the Atlantic
transport liner Marquette from Lon
don, and a few of them of antagonistic
temperaments got into scraps on the
way across.
"A' monkey and a porcupine had a
dispute and the porcupine wrote its
monogram on the monkey. But the
greatest sport to the animal keepers
was a duel between a crocodile and a
python.
"The crocodile Is a pet of Mrs. Szar
vasi of the Sells-Forepaugh show and
is called Sappho. The python, so the
classic press agent who gave out the
story said, Is named Phaon.
"Three nights ago the python, said to
be ' about twenty feet long, escaped
from its box and discovered the pet
crocodile, and made an effort to squeeze
Its life out. But the scaly armor of the
saurian was unbendable and could not
be cracked even by the rigorous pres
sure of a forty-foot python's coil. The
crocodile lashed it stall in an ineffec
tual effort to reach the python, whose
eighty feet were wound around the
crocodile, chiefly, amidships.
"The animal men discovered the com
batants about an hour after they had
been in conflict, and tried to uncoil the
160 feet of python. It was an Impossi
ble task, as the' coils had become as
rigid as steel. •
"Then the men decided to uncork the
coil by pulling out the crocodile with
the help of «. steam winch and a
hawser.
/'"The python presented a somewhat
remarkable appearance after the sepa
ration. It simply could not uncoil Itself
and the animal men rolled it, as they
might a -Ions barrel, back to its box.
They/then drove it, tail first, into an
opening, as if it had been a corkesrew.
It had relaxed yesterday and looked
just like any other python 320 feet
long." '-y* v/f X
Gleanings of Science.
The new International Sanitary Con
vention, which wu signed in Parl» on
December 3. 1903, by the representa
tives of the powers, made considerable
changes in the regulations previously
In force to prevent the Invasion and
propagation of cholera and plague.
For instance, it abridged and even
suppressed quarantine, on condition
that there be a complete disinfection
of every vessel, her passengers, crew
and cargo, and a complete destruction
of all rats and mice on board. War on
rats on board ship, supervision of ves
sels from that special point of view—
euch is the new orientation of the mar
itime prophylaxis in regard to plague
There was a time when the rats ren
dered service; in the days when drains
¦were unknown, and when the roads
served the double purpose of highways
and places of deposit for refuse. By de
vouring the refuse the rats, to a certain
extent, protected the purity of the at
mosphere and consequently the public
health. To-day, when this part of their
natural functions is no longer needed,
rats have no longer a "raison d'etre,"
or at any rate they should be kept
•within their native country.
It Is interesting to know. In fact,
that the rat is an immigrant— an in
vader—and that it comes from the East.
The two principal varieties, the black
end '..he brown rat, are of foreign ori
gin and emanate from Asia. The black
rat Is the older and the smaller. It Is
distinguished by its tail being longer
than its body. The brown rat (in French
"Surmulot") has a large, fat body and
a much shorter taiL The black rat is
a field rat. The brown rat. which lives
In towns, makes a war of extermination
upon it; therefore it takes refuge In
th* country, having no chance of exist
ing except out of the reach of its rival.
In the eighteenth century, according to
M. H. de Varigny, there was only one
epecies of rat— the black rat— which at
that period frequented both town and
country. The brown rat arrived later.
The immigration of the black rat ap
pears to have dated from the fall of
the Roman Empire, and it is believed
that the Crusades facilitated its dis
semination in the West. It is described
i.. the thirteenth century by Albertus
Magnus. Once arrived in Europe, it
quickly spread to all parts, thanks to
commerce and navigation. About 1544
It made Its way to America, and by
the middle of the nineteenth century It
had crossed the continent to the Pacific
at the earne time spreading north and
south, to Texas and Canada. It lived
and flourished for a certain time, until
th<? brown rat arrived.
This variety also came from the
East. In an Interesting article by M.
H. de Varigny. in the Temps, we are
told that it made its appearance in Eu
rope in the first half of the eighteenth
century- For some unknown reason,
hordes of these rats crossed the Volga
near Astrakhan. It has been supposed
that they were driven West by the fam
ine in India or by earthquakes in the
Caspian region. In 1750 brown rats in
vaded Russia, and also appeared in
Prussia; In 1730 they were brought to
England by. merchant vessels; in 1753
they took up their quarters in Paris.
Subsequently they invaded the other
countries of Europe, passing into Den
mark in 1790 and Switzerland in 1S09.
In certain parts of Jutland they did not
appear until within fifty or sixty years
ago.
"The brown rat," M. H. de Varigny
eays. "being larger, stronger and more
voracious, quickly turned out the black
rat. It starved its predecessor and de
voured him as well. In the present day
the black rat is a rare curiosity, at any
rate in cities; in country districts it is
Btill to be found, though in all cases it
disappears before the invasion of the
brown rat."
The rat is in every respect a harmful
animal; it is an insatiable rodent, to
which nothing eatable comes amiss.
When hungry it will even attack man;
and in certain badly-kept hospitals
rats have been known to have finished
off eick and feeble inmates.
Moreover, the rat is - great traveler.
The hold of a 6hip is to him an earthly
paradise. He always finds goods there
and various kinds of provisions. Em
barkation has no difficulties for him. He
works by night, when no one can place
obstacles in his way, and while the
Bhip Is moored to the quay. He enters
Ly passing along the ropes, communi
cating freely between the vessel and
the dock.
Within the past few years another
element has complicated the situation.
The rat is not only the enemy of goods;
it constitutes a serious danger to the
public health. As Is now fully realized,
it U one of the principal agents In the
propagation of plague. A victim of the
disease which it propagates. It commu
nicates the germs to the fleas from
which he received It. The fleas bite
other rats or men, and. Infect them, and
thus plague Is propagated. It thus hap
pens that a ship with all the appear
ance of perfect health on board may
be contaminated.
The passengers may be all right, says
M. H. de Varigny, but when the vessel
puts into a tainted port a rat enters
h*r along the mooring ropes. The rat
dies, but his fleas contaminate the rats
on board, and they in turn contaminate
the fleas, and the rats and fleas con
veyed with the goods on board carry
plague with them. The recent case at
Marseilles and others elsewhere con
clusively show how simple Is the chain
of events.
AH these facts have shown the In
ternational Sanitary Commission that
It was on the wrong tack when It at
tempted to combat plague by means
of quarantine. What it ought to have
done was to fight the rats. It is of
world's capital have some limit, It fol
lows that such sudden and enormous
demands will necessitate withdrawal
of Invested capital from "its previou*
location.— The Forum.
THE world over ?here are differences of opinion as
to what constitutes civilization. The Asiatic na
tions have one standard, the European another. The
European standard is determined largely by the injunc
tions of Christianity. Whether Christendom" is living up
to that standard need not be discussed. The Rev. Dr.
Abbott, one of the most learned and agreeable of our re
ligious philosophers, is of the that we are not
entirely civilized. He may be right, but his declaration
leaves room for a plea in defense. In an address to the
students of the University of California Dr. Abbott said:
"America, and I speak plainly, is not civilized.
A Government that allows some of its postoffice offi
cials to go wrong, a Government that puts into its Leg
islatures men whose sole ambition is to thrust their arms
deep into the public treasury, is not wholly, civilized."
We may grant the premise and yet make a plea in de
fense. Are we not doing as well as could be expected
even from the standpoint of Dr. Abbott's theology? Ac
cording to the cosmology of our theological teaching^thc
human race -started from a special creation and was per
fect. The morals of the original family were put in the
safest environment by locating it in a garden. That is
still regarded as the ideal condition of the race. Its con
tact with the soil, where it can plant and watch the green
things growing, is still believed to be the condition most
conducive to virtue.
In all ages, since they found song the poets have sung
of the green fields, the asphodel meadows, the blades of
grass diamond pointedly the dews of the morning. The
first family had all of these and was perfect. But the're
cord of its four members shows that just three-fourths of
them fell and the other did not survive but was killed by
the club of his brother. He was of preferred virtue, but
he had no children. Therefore, the sole member of the
primitive stock who could by heredity -have transmitted
virtue to the race perished childless and only the heredi
ty of the other three was perpetuated.
Under these circumstances the expected happened.
The race from such a start was a Jukes family from the
beginning. It got so bad that there was no doing any
thing with it and the face of the earth was- washed clean
of the whole set, except one family. This was a second
start. It was made under the most disciplinary and ad
monitory circumstances. These differed materially -and
vitally from the conditions under which the first experi
ment was made. There was no concert by the morning
stars; no garden and no idyllic conditions. The family,
selected for the second peopling of the earth was the wit
ness of an appalling physical calamity and was impressed
by the survival of the fittest afloat on the raging waters
with the steerage filled by the beasts of the field. The
whole experience was admonitory in the highest degree.
Yet what. happened in spite of these frightful manifes
tations? As soon as this family landed and was alone up
on the earth the father of it planted a vineyard, made
wine, got drunk and did unspeakable things which would
be indictable now, and one of the three sons was cursed
and sent forth an outcast. With that unpromising be
ginning the race took a second start.
Granting that a thousand years are as one in in
scrutable scheme we must insist that it has done as well
as could be expected. All of the families of man aver
age better, than cither of the two that began the peopling
of the earth. Evidence of this exists in the fact that it
has not since been found necessary to wipe out all of the
race but one household and start over.
It will not do to say that 'this has been omitted because
creative patience was exhausted in the two first attempts
and their failure. It will not do to say that man prpved
to be such a tough formation that Omnipotence de
spaired of his corrigibility. The earth is no bigger nor
are the cataclysmal elements less in volume and power
than when it was found necessary to cleanse this terres
trial ball with water. If things- are not improving the
means of correction still exist and erring postal officers
and legislators who commune with . Mazuma and all the
guilty by procurement or indifference can be whelmed in
It will not do to say that~this discipline is omitted be
cause of the existence of the rainbow and the covenants.
A covenant was made with the first family and it was
told positively that violation meant death. But this cove
nant was not kept though it was violated. . Dr. Abbott
puts stress into the need of reverence for the law. That
first covenant was the only law. There was no other
act entitled an act. But reverence for it was lacking and
it was broken and then the penalty was not visited upon
the transgressors. They were merely turned out of the
garden and condemned to cat their bread in the sweat of.
their faces, forced to exude in less agreeable pursuits.
The average respect for the law and the enforcement of
its penalties have greatly improved since then.
Therefore it is that we are inclined to take a hopeful
view of man. His two starts were rather hard sledding
and in his behalf it must always be pleaded that he never
petitioned to be created at. all. If, when he was simply
an amorphous part of chaos, he could have foreseen the
depressing view taken of him by some in these days it
is probable that instead of asking to be created he would
have filed a protest against it. - ;P-
'Beneath the Waves.
"You may talk about the beauties of
the Yosemite, . Niagara Falls, the .'Alps,
or any place on the itop .of theearth,"
said a well-known gunner in the
United States navy a. few nights ago at
the. Grand Hotel; "they.are not to,be
compared with .the beauties of old
ocean,' particularly such; as can be seen
from a diverts helmet." ;
- "You're right there," said another
gunner. "The lubbers do not know what
they have missed. - -I remember; once
when I was a gunner's- mate sitting for
more than on hour on the fluke of an
anchor I had been sent down to recover
and gazing with awe on a beautiful
coral bank. - It was really thetmost
beautiful' thing I ever saw. Every color
in the rainbow; was there and cside
from that there. was enough variety in
the, strangeness of the formation in the
coral to keep, one busy several hours,
cogitating on the wonderful things na
ture had seen , fit to hide beneath the
waves. I "would probably have remain
ed for several hours, gazing with rap
ture on the bank, and was really think
ing that down, there in the depths,
away from the noise and strife of moth
er earth, would suit me for >he rest of
my days when a 'soup-and-hully' tin
thrown. over the side of the ship drop
ped beneath me and the coral bank.
My dream was over.': It was a case of
quick transition from . the# sublime to
the 1 ridiculous and I immediately gave
the signal to be hauled up." ,
course very well to examine the pas
sengers on board ship, but It is Indis
pensable to destroy the rats and their
parasites. Absolutely none of them
must be allowed to remain aboard, es
pecially on vessels which visit plague
stricken countries. To avoid -the risk
of plague the rats .must be got rid of.
The rat question, as may be seen
from the above, is neither more nor less
than the plague question, and the" In
ternational Convention, to which I have
alluded at the beginning of this article,
Is only carrying out the conclusion
which the Hygienic Congress of Brus
sels adopted a few months previously.
It is not an uncommon thing in this
age of advancement in Industrial and
engineering matters for the present
day engineer to assume that he knows
much more than his ancient brother,
and while this is true in many things.
It frequently happens that an Invention
or appliance commonly believed to be
long to modern times Is found to have
been known and used centuries ago. —
Ropes made of various kinds of fiber
and leather are of very ancient date.
Ropes of palm have been found in
Egypt In the tomba of Beni-Hassan
(about 3000 B. C), and on the walls of
these tombs Is also shown the process
of preparing hemp. In a tomb at
Thebes of the time of Thothmes III
(about 1600 B. C.) is a group represent
ing the. process of twisting thongs of
leather and the method of cutting the
leather Into thongs. The Bible tells us
that Samson was bound with ropes and
that the spies sent by Joshua into
Jericho were let down in a basket, pre
sumably by means of a rope.
At Nimrod, Assyria, a carved slab
showing the siege of a castle was
found on which a soldier was repre
sented In the act of cutting a rope to
which a bucket for drawing water from
a well outside the castle walls was at
tached..
The wire rope is generally considered
a' modern invention, a product of mod
ern skill, and it will surprise many to
learn that its manufacture Is really a
rediscovered lost art.
Although the Assyrians practiced the
art of wire beating, no evidence has
been found to Indicate that they used
wire for making rope. The excavations
or Pompeii have, however, brought to
light a piece of bronze wire rope near
ly fifteen feet long and about one Inch
in circumference. This rope is now in
the Musio Borbonlco at Naples.
It consists of three strands' laid spir
ally together, each strand being made
up of fifteen wires twisted together,
and its construction does not. therefore,
differ greatly from that of wire ropes
made to-day. Pompeii was buried A.
D. 79, over 1S00 years ago, but how long
wire ropes had then been known it is
impossible to tell, though. Judging by
the knowledge shown in the construc
tion, it may be safely conclud
ed that they had been known for a
considerable time. The uses to which
these ropes were put is not definitely
known, but further excavations may
shed some light on the subject. — Mines
and Minerals for April.
Official control of the oyster trade to
secure immunity from disease germs
must at present, as in the case of milk,
depend on a test of the product at the
market. Ii. both cases the source of
supply Is usually beyond the Jurisdic
tion of the municipal health officer. It
has been thought by many bacteriolog
ists that the presence of the bacillus
coli communls in oysters was a positive
indication of pollution by sewage, and
in England, until very recently, this
tes.t has been applied in determining
the edibility of shell fish. Recent re
searches have shown it, however, to be
of very doubtful value. The fourth re
port of the Royal British Commission
on Sewage Disposal, among whose
members are such well-known scien
tists as Sir Michael Foster, Sir William
Ramsay and Dr. J. B. Russell, contains
an account of experiments made to test
this test.- Dr. A. G. Houston, who ex
amined over a thousand oysters for the
commission, reported that nearly all of
them contained some form of the colon
bacillus. Other observers found that
this organism was very widespread, oc
curring on raw meat, in dust, on fruit,
and even in new-born infants, where
any outside infection could be entirely
eliminated. In short, the only discov
ery in any way confirming the diag
nostic value of bacillus coli was that,
usually, oysters.which had fed on sew
age contained more bacilli than those
from pure water. The commission
hence takes the ground that nobody is
Justified Jn condemning oysters on the
result of a bacteriological examination
alone. They recommend that the ques
tion of securing a nure oyster supply
be placed in- the hands of a central
"Rivers Board," having Jurisdiction
over all the beds in the country. If
the beds are protected from sewage
a pure product is assured. — New York
Commercial Advertiser.
A French company is manufacturing:
a hardened crystal dish, which in ap
pearance closely resembles fine trans
lucent china of uniform shape and
manufacture. Tbe resisting power of
this ware is due to a special hardening
process and to the quality and nature
of the crystal used. It not only suc
cessfully resists the usual wear and
tear, but is almost proof against break
age. The resistance to shocks and sud
den changes of temperature of this
product Is remarkable. A hardened
crystal dish can be substituted for a
hammer In driving nailS into wood,
while the same ware can be put into
boiling water at a high degree, then
plunged Into Ice water repeatedly,
without, the least noticeable damage
to the dish or plate.
MAN : AND CIVILIZATION.
pinae, the pine of pines, and that those'trees are from
the cones of trees that grow, over the .tomb. of Virgil?
The next row is composed of deodars, the cedars of the
Plimalayas, and on the grounds are fine, specimens of
the Japanese cryptomeria, a cousin of our sequoia. We
doubt whether there is elsewhere in the State flora of
more distinguished lineage than cart found in the
Capitol park, and we doubt also whether the official
gardener knows it. | .. ~ " ' ;
: ; Sacramento should show herself and put- in^ another
and, extensive park, like our Golden Gate, with. drives
and bridle paths, footways and all the' adjuncts, of such
a park. The climate of Sacramento will permit. a lavish
indulgence in the\ use of .' flora. Palms and banana
plants, flowering trees and shrubs, from a wide- range
of latitude, will flourish there and should be used. .,.•,
We apply to Sacramento the same spirit of.- apprecia
tion and encouragement which we feel toward Oakland
and other cities. "Sacramento will never have;- occasion
to defend the location of the State capital if she, with
a bold and aggressive public- spirit, enter "upon the use
of her very great natural advantages. Private: enter
prise is not. lacking there, as shown in the very * large
number of private residences and grounds. An equal
public enterprise will easily, and soon, convert that city
into a desirable resort, which will be a pleasant and
attractive stopping place for winter travel. The Bee
sees where the honey is in the flowers that bloom' every
day and has the power to inspire the display of charms
that have been too long unnoticed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: SUNDAY, APRIL 17,; 1901.
THE SAN Fg^^giJSap^^^Life
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor «: . > . . » . . . "Address >Afl Commanicatioas tojJOHN McNAUGHT^H^ger
PubUcAtton Ofllco ....? <S^p$^^^> Third and Market Streets, S. P.
Sunday.... ......... . . . ................:.......... .....:.... .V:. :v. . ... April 1904;
•~i\ Special Information supplied .v daily i'to
business -houses and;public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 230 Cal,
if ornia street.- Telephone Main 1042. V
32
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES; . Articles ;¦ admitted vi to-,: > the , United
States free of duty makeup 45 per -cent
in value of the Imports.
The mortality from consumption In
German cities is now only - four-sev
enths tha of twenty-five years ago.
Clyde -Fitch, the playwright, collects
In scrapbooks { specimens : of i the i errors
!, foreigners make In dealing with strange
• tongues.- One of Mr.'Fitch's scrapbooks'
j is' devoted to I French-EngHsh— to v the
' sort of \ English- that Frenchmen- some-
I times use. ; A new addition ,was made to
'¦ this volume the; other/day; £lt'> was a
1 French ' tutor's % advertisement
• from a '.London, newspaper, arid It raii:
j- ; VA •young "Paris j man" shall .\ desire? to
' show ; his tongue 'to classes of ; English
j gentlemen. "Address, etc."; ,y;
Would Show; Ills 'Tonjrue.
An albino deer, with a coat as white
as snow and eyes a delicate pink, was
killetl in the Canygn Mountains of
Southern. Oregon- recently. It was one
of the very few albino deer ever seen
in the mountains of the West. Old hunt
ers tell of seeing them, usually separate
from the main. herds, at various times
during the early days; but they were
too shy to be approached near enough
for a shot. The deer killed In the Can
yon Mountains was with four other
deer at! the time it was found, and: had
not' this been true 4 the hunters 'would
not have taken It for a* deer:'-? Its white'
coat made it far more conspicuous than
the remainder of the herd^ and It? Is
perhaps , for > this reason that ~ albino
deer are shunned by their mates.'
Deer With Pink Eyes.
The Japanese \ bury their dead with
the head toward. the northf: _¦•
The Methodist. Year Book for 1904 re
ports a gain ;of nearly a thousand
churches during- the last year.
' Signor' Giovanni Dellabarile, .an Ital
ian elockmaker in a small way of busi
ness, claims to have invented a process
for keeping clocks going automatically
by means of a small electric motor,
acting, for only five seconds per hour.
Another, little apparatus secures the
regular action of the mechanism, and
the clock does not need to be . touched
by hand j for three' years after being
fitted with it. ';
These Clocks Run Automatically.
Postmaster General Payne tells a
good story of an incident iir a Mil
waukee courtroom, 'in which, through
the kindness and tact of the Judge, the
court crier was- saved from a fine/ "I
one day attended," said Mr. Payne, "a
session of the court at which this Judge
presided. The court crier was a very
old man; he : had ¦ served with : fidelity
for many years, but age was. beginning
now to tell on -him. He fell 'asleep
while I was in j the courtroom and In a
little while he/was snoring. The snorer,
of course, disturbed the proceedings of
the court, but the Judge^showed, great
tact in interrupting without embarrass
ing the crier. 'Crier Jones,' he said
In a loud voice : 'Crier Jones, some one
is snoring!' The crier awakened \ with
a . i'start and Jumped -to his feet
'Silence!' he "exclaimed/ ."There must
be no snoring in 1 the courtroom'— and
he glared fiercely all about him.'' ;
•Tudge Stives the Snorer.
Mr. Utter says the punishment he
received in his school days sixty years,
ago was unjust, and through all his.
life he has held bitter feelings against
the teacher -who administered 'the
thrashings and has also regarded the.
old school buildingas his enemy.
Years ago he declared that If the "op
portunity, ever offered he would de
stroy the building, and with .that end
in .View, he eaved . sufficient ' money .- to
purchase the structure and obliterate
it.— Philadelphia North American.
Uriah Utter, an old citizen of Amity,
New York, has just purchased the an
cient sohoolhouse in which he obtained
his education. As soon as he got pos
session of it he set men to work tear
ing it down and destroying the ma
terial, out of revenge for some of the
whippings which he .received beneath
its roof.
Gets His Revenge.
Danger in Shellfish.
, As a result of recent agitation over
the communicabillty of disease; by
! shellfish taken from waters polluted by
j sewage there have been numerous
I investigations of the subject , by? biol
j ogists in Europe and the United States,
j The last report of the Brftish royal
j commission on sewage disposal con
siders in ¦.: detail the progress made In
recent investigations., and states that
! there is no doubt that many cases of
j typhoid fever, • as well as ; other dis
eases, are caused by. eating
obtained from waters contaminated by
sewage. So serious, was the evil, in
| the opinion - : of the ¦ commission, .that
the only satisfactory, method of coping
with It was to conferon some compe
tent I authority absoulte jurisdiction
over tidal "waters from; which were
taken shellfish for human food,! in or
der that no supplies whatsoever should
i be derived from -polluted waters. The
commission also realized, \that some
definite standard of purity must be es-
I tablished, as ,they were able to find
[ bacillus coli,. which is considered ; to in
, dicate the presence of human pollution,
in nearly, allof 1000 oysters were
I • examined bacterlologically. As many
1 of these Bpecimens came'; from i waters
j known to be very pure, It presented a
dilllculty which will -require further re
search : to- remove.) ;•; It s has, /however;
: been demonstrated that shellfish should
| not be grown, stored or fattened ;in
j. water to which; any possible pollution
may , come.— Harper's Weekly.
SATVrtDAY. APIUU JO. .
William K. and John J. Bulling! r to WU»
liem W •Sessions, Jot on N'W cenw* of Turk
a:«J FranHjn Btrvet«. W C2:« b? K K>: *IO.
Morris and Augusta lleyman to Juniu H.
Mar.or. lot on £ line of Union tslreet. 11W W
if Scott, VV 27 :C Uy S 137 :G; *1«.
H.-nrr W. an-.l Uulvina Btaert U» Paul J. T.
Miyer. lot en K line of Hayes street, 131:3 «
ui C.aytcn. W M) by S 137:«:; $'O. . v ;
Hubert and Jennie I. PJepc-r to Vrt^ A.
Fallun lot en KW corner of Oak and Cole
directs! W 5<;::5 l>> S 10U: $4.'..O"f
K^nnlo P. r«ns»nnh to William A. I^ance.
lot <n X lin* of I'nrMesuJ etieet. 122:9 W «-f
Wiilarrt W 5o by N VS< al!»t> !ou 1 and S,
tl"<k K. Smihet Heirtto: SI.
KttaU or l>avid U. Farnswcrth (by Fannie
T. I'anwworth. executrix) to eatne. tsame;
•Si b'and Obtrude II. *«<***>- to
C<-oi*e 6. KfltlTOOk. l«n on S lin« «>r Ua»lilng
um t,;r^l. W of Spruce, W CS:9 by S
*Cjty and County of Pan Francmr.j <o James
"»V. Keyston. lot on fK corner <•{ Nineteenth
and Shotwtil street e. R 2« t'y S O^ $ .
Chariot L.. and Anni«« M. Creyw '" Thomaf
%v. <r. and Catherine i-'ij^nt'er. lot on Sli corn' r
of Twnsiy-tiirl and Hampshire street*. IZ 20
by S Vi7:«: flO.
IEUen McGtnnfy to Henry A. Arnold, undi
vided ha!t r>t «;t on N lini- cif Twenty -eiRluh
Etrveti >0 W of Gu>-rrero. W M by N 114; (Hi.
ilibrrnia Savings and Loan SiK-i'-ty to O«-ar
;ic; ii.Mii. lot on ihe FK o.trrn-r of Not and
Uay street*. S 101:0 by K »i:3; *o««>.
Walter II. lloblnix»n t» t'harl'itte ftotiinson.
•o'. un \V line of l>lomon<l »trc-et. Silt K of
Twer.ty-nnt. S Mi by W Uj:C. Jut 17, bluck
2. No« GanJcn; 810. •
llary K. Wlntrrburn (Witson), (wife «>f
Georce F) to Wilsrn & Ilro.. lot mi - K line
«r Ijrurnni street. 4%:H» F of Sacrjmerto. fi
45-10 by E ;S7:O: a.lis« K>t on the VV line «f
Whitney street. ISO S or Grtive. S 5O by W
123. lot GO. block 23, Falrmount Homestead,
quitclaim deed; tlo.
I> ¦ :.• i U-. Katie, and Jr.»erh«K H. Josoph
to L'n'.oti' Trurt Comirirj' of San Franoisco,
lot on the K line of l>».niy »Tr«-t. <C:*,.V of
Ooary N 05:(J. K 75. K V.2. SW I.VH. S 1^:T.
SK *:4V: W 2:4'^. N <>:«?. \V (I.V7%. di»l
|jj,rty rivinie all their interest in lan«l up to
8 and K .line thereof n<lJ<>ini/iF the |>n.p*rty
cf M II. Vounjr and r^pn* right lo claim
«ii:clri!=t damaM* i«lioul<! the fixing nl »» an-
OitU-s Iesi.cn ««xe «J lot :*£«>. 000 ($:<vs.K0O).
Carbara Ixinibrrt to J«h:i II. l>l*<limann.
loi on the N line of CaJifornia stroct. 137:0
W or nu-xint. W 29 ly S r.7:«: *10.
Najwleoti 1.. and Kate A. Hlhan to Jennl*
C Wilson, lot on the SE line of Jesxte rtreet.
3d SW of HrFt. SW 38 ky SE BTl $10.
Vlnecza Caldarello to Ugul <"al<Jare!lo, lot
on the XW line of Bryant utrcet, 175 NE of
Fourth. XK CO by KW KO: $10.
I^eonarU B. end Mary A. Weiler to John H.
r«.gr*vc lot" on FK line of T»h«ma »trett,
41T. SW of Fifth. SW :r7:fi by SIf 80; flO.
William ari<» Mary SolJmann to Fannie K.
T.Vrnan, lot <n B line of Fifth avenue, 50 N
or Huro nreet. N 2.0 by E Vo: $10.
George H- liuckinnUam In Edwr N. Knook.
lc' on XE co*-n«»r of Twenty-iwventh avenue
tr.d P *trwi. r -•J2:C by N 100; flO.
Arthur M. "Ill to M. IX Hemenway. lot
on N line o' IJ-n-.U r\f*l. 225 S of Addinon.
FV." 30 by NVV M». lot in, block 32, Falrmount:
kit.
M. D. Hernrnway to Catherine <J. Emlth,
«arr.e; ?10.
W". V. I^nr-ham to Arthur M. IIHI. lit on
V lin«* r,r It»m'.f rtree», V.»3 F or A^rt « >n. SW
110 hr SW 80. lot l'.». block 52. earn. <tu trlaim
de«l:
W!l»oo' & JJ^'JiT to Jrihnnna Has*, lot on
W line of r.'hUney >tr»<t. IWi R of QrnrKUt
TJ) by W. 12r>. l<»t CO, block 26,* Falrmtjuht
Wllllaw A. ami Grar* O. Isairr to National
1 .«•«<• CoT^r^ny. lot* 1 and 2. tilock K. Sun«et
jii>i5»it»' *io.
Jcluw' B. aafl "Ellen r. Ileite to Augiut
i;l:ai. estate transaction's
"A basket full of gold is riot bo val
uable for a son as Instruction In one of
the classics."
y "It is only the thirsty who dig a
Avell." i;
( "When the ox has broken through
the stall repairs are first made."
"A family which has no sickness for
ten years must be rich."— Boston Tran
script'
• The Cosmopolitan is indebted to a
citizen of Korea for a number of prov
erbs and sayings which afford an in
teresting insight into Korean modes of
thought, and in this way illustrate the
intellectual aptitude and power of ob
servation of the people:
"A thins 's pood when It is new; a
man is good when he is old."
"He who hath eaten salt drinketh
water."
"One can paint the fur of the tiger,
but not his joints."
"One knows the face of a man, but
not his interior."
"If one is not observing, one sees
nothing."
"Even the blind man can find his
way through an open door."
- "When the tiger is gone the fox is
master."
"As soon as the moon Is full it be
gins to grow smaller."
"The higher the mountain the deeper
the valley."
"Does smoke come out of a fireless
chimney?"
"Kven a hedgehog says his young
ones are weak."
"A single high wheat stalk Is not.dis
tinguished frc-m the rest in the field."
Proverbs Which Arc Quoted Generally
by the People of the Hermit
Kingdom.
SO3IK CHOICE BITS
OF KOHEAX ? WISDOM
Timothy J». and Elinbeth Shea (owncru)
with Carl S*. P. Ahlgren (contractor), archi
tect August Xordfn — All -work except mantels,
vha<1e* »uii1 gas fixtures for a three-story
frame balldlng on lot on R line of ttyaa
•tro*». ICO N of MeAllWer, • E 100 by N-25
Western Addition BS1; *7"f>6.
Ilobrrt C. and Isoiene A. Cottinxhara (own
»>ni).witlj Alfred Lecault (contractor), arclii
tect J. Francis Dunn — All work e.xeept plumb
ing. r»» fixture*. pa.intlhx. flniehlng,' hardware.
Flwi nn<) k)m(W for • thrw-*tory and baee
mont frame bulldins; <flat«) on lot on S line
«( Jackson street. 57:6 W of Walnut W'25 by
6 100; ? 0700. /¦V*qfK«BMH»iHiinM . ,,
Same owner with Gerke & Weber-<contrax-t
or*>. architects same — Painting and varnishing
for «mme on name; $l(£!0.
Same owner with J. Looney fcontractor),
archliects •>aia<« — Plumbini; and sewer work,
gas fitting, water nlpes and tiling of sicks for
came on eam»-; $950.
Theodor Dierkt (owner) with Val Frani <con
tnictor), arehitet-ts John & ZJmrnermann — All
work »-*c<pt electric work, palniiiiK. plumbing.
pi« flttins. shaJ»-». mantels. Kas fixtures. Hre
et^-iipr-s 'trr a four-rtory and basement framo
bulidlnp on X line of Golden .Gate, avenue
io:j:?> \V of !>arkln Etrect. W 3:1:9 by N 137:0:
tlft.PTC.
S»ino owner with Bhepard Bros, (contract
or?!), arrh'.teots same — Gas flttinr. plumbing
and sewering for same on nam»; STO92. -
Charles M. Johnson (owner) with C. W.
Har.s.-n (contractor), architects Roupsem k
Sons — Kxravatioii. concrete, brick and carpen
ter work, lumber and null -work, stair work,
gravel, roofing, Ftaff work, glazing, picture
moldings. <Jtx>r opener, tlectrlc bells, hard
ware, nlastcrir.g. lathing, tin work. for. a
two-stjf.v frame building «4 flats) on' N'W cor
ner of Central avenue and Kulton street. N
iKl:« by \V «ih:l». -Western Addition block tS5Q;
J4S15. ;a.\*-.--t
Alu'.a Mlni'ie (owr.er) v:lth Klchard Keating
(contractor), architects Henry' H. Meyer* und
C !{. Ward — Excavating, gradinR, concrete
work, .tWutMl rod*, etc.. tor a scvon-etory and
bawm'.nt brick building 1 on XE corner of
l'uwcll and (Jl'trn-.l tti».-i.i, X 7T:(J by K S7:6;
? •7:»».
G. Llebold (owner) with Adolph Ilrnnings
(contraoior). architect . ¦ All work for a
one-Mury frame buiWlng and stable on E lin*
of Thirteenth Ktreet 214 :0 N of Folsom, N 100
by K I0(J: HjUOO.
Jatr.ffc J. Smith (wiit) with B. Martin
(contractor and architect! — Ali work for a
tine and a half etory frame building on X\V
line of Arlington street, 240 SW of Roanoke.
M\V t.T>, Ntf 7">. right angles to beginning of
lots 2 an-i 3: S-'l.'-i. * .:
Lam and Valeria Holland or Solband (own
ers) with Flobn & Weld (contractor*), eupeiin
tenJent J. h'torraoa — All work except paim
irsg. mantels, kos fixtures and shades for *
t»o-Etory ir.crni building <flat»> on E line' of
LmncSt-r* strtet llu N of Fifteenth. N 20 by
B 125; $4070.
Pfceble AMon towner) with C. H. Cl*h and
James H. llctve as Our Home Building Cam-
j •»:•> (i ontractors), architect A. F. iJeveraux —
¦ A!i work for a en«r-etcry frame dwelling on E
j lin«« of Pro»i-««-t avenue, ilTS K ot Esmeralda,
j S ii by K 7<>. lot 3tt». gift map 3; $1425. .
. Shauger. lot on SE corner of Bradford acd
j Pcwhattan streets, E SO by S 37; $10.
Anna Juo^t to O'.ef Olsen. lots ¦»* and 45.
I Ijlovk 'Si. City Land Association: $10.
Builders* Contracts.
There are. it is alleged, several dis
crepancies In the foregoing statement,
which were shown by a search of the
home of the man who made It. by \a
secret service agent. A reporter was
informed that "evidence was found
which might or might not be incrim
inating." This evidence is now in the
hands of the secret service officials.
The Italian was examined on the
same day. . He contradicted the state
ment of the other man as to their
meeting for the first time a few
months ago. He said that they had
known each other for many years and
that their wives were close friends.
He denied all knowledge of the order
for a plate.— New York Tribune.
F. A. Ringler & Co. of No. 26 Park
place Informed the Secret Service Bu
reau of . the Colombian's visit to their
establishment for the purpose of having
made a plate for the reproduction of
Colombian one hundred dollar bills, of
which he carried, ope. They told him to
call the next "da y. and then told Captain
Flynn. By communicating with the
Colombian Consul General in this city
the captain learned that the man who
ordered the plate had no authority to
do so. Captain Flynn • called him to
his office, where he made an affidavit
placing all the blame on his friend, the
Italian. This affidavit, which was
made in the presence of Lillian Her
bert Andrews, counselor of the Colom
bian Legation, said:
_' "I first met (name of friend) at the
Barranqullla office of the Hamburg-
American Steamship Company. I
went there to buy a ticir»t for New
York; He was there for the same
purpose. He is a Mason and he rec
ognized in me a brother, in that order.
I sunoosed he was a good man.
"I next saw him on board the
steamer Allegheny, on which we sailed
for New York, arriving here on Jan
uary 12, 1304. On the trip he asked
me V> do an errand for him 'here, as
he talks no English. lie asked me to
get the price of a plate for making
one hundred dollar bills. I was di
rected to F. A. Ringler & Co.. No.
26 Park place, and was told to call
next day. .In the meantime I received
a letter from the Colombian Consul
General, whom I knew, telling me. to
call at the consulate. Then I went
to — — and asked him if he had au
thority to have the plate made and
he said he had not. Thereupon I
went to Ringler and got back the
note."
What is believed to have been a' plan
to counterfeit on an elaborate scad e
$100 notes of the republic of Colombia
was discovered recently by Captain
William J. Flynn q£ the United States
Secret Service, and frustrated, although
no arrests have yet been made. One of
the men implicated is a Colombian; who
livfjs in Lefferts Park and whose -wife
is at the head of a charity. Another is
an Italian architect of Barranqullla,
Colombia, who is at present living in
this city.
Secrrt Service Agents Discover a
Scheme to Counterfeit Coloni
/ bian Paper Money.
WANTED TO HAVE $100
NOTE PLATE MADE
; "I can feel my life slipping away,"
he whippqred. "Drop by drop as blood
falls my strength is going. I can feel
no pain. My eyes are growing dimmer.
I can hardly see you. I- feel as if I was
going to sleep. It is quite dark now. I
can't see any one. I can feel each sec
ond that I am dropping out of life. I
see now a. great light, but cannot dis
tinguish anything."
After a few more incoherent whis
pers, Pollock sank into unconscious
ness. As the doctors entered the house
he died.
CLEVELAND, April 16. — As Otto
Pollock, a carpenter, was bleeding to
death to-day he described his sensa
• tions and save detailed instructions re
i yarding his funeral. When Pollock got
I out of bed this morning to go to work,
ho began to cough. The coughing fit
continued for several minutes and a
hemorrhage resulted. -As he slowly bled
I to death he realized his condition and
| called his wife and children
I around him. His neighbbrs and friends
j were summoned, as were physicians.
| As he lay on the bed, his life's blood
; ebbing away, he talked.\
j First, to his wife and to an intimate
i friend and fellow worker, he gave in
• structions regarding his funeral.
I "Cremate me," he gasped. "You
I know our compact, Lubahn. Don't
j bury me in the ground."
• Lubahn promised and Pollock bade
'all farewell. Then for ten minutes he
; described his dying sensations.
Bids Farewell to Wife and
" -Friends and Until the End
Comes Talks of Its Coming*
AX IMPRESSIVE SCENE
While Slowly to
Death Otto Pollock Tells
of Approach of the Reaper
DESCRIBES HIS
LAST MOMENTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALi:,- SUNDAY^ APRIL -17, 19OJ.
33
WHY NOT TRY
Highlaqd
IF YOU ARE GOING TO THE ;^
Spriogs
1VE OFFER YOU THE BEST OF MINERAL '
TT waters, accommodations «nd service. Tabl» '¦¦'¦
unsurpassed. Rooms hard finished, lighted by.
•lectrlctty. Bulldlnsa newly painted. All tli«-.
popular sports and amusements. Uvery. tele- w
phone and postofflce.
Shortest route and cheapest fare to LaJt»
Ccmty. Moat centrally situated. Delightful' '
excursions on Cltar Lake and to other resorts.
Make your reservations now. . ,,:.
Terms reascnablf. For booklet, etc.. addres*
CRAIG & KERR,
Highland Springs. Cal.
SARATOGA SPRINGS;
Extensive improvements this year. A new
spring has been found which will effect more*-
cures in on* day than the r*st of the waters in
a we«k. 15 different m'onral springs. Wo
guarantee ' sure cure for dyspepsia,- kidney,-
liver stomach rheumatism, blood, skin dis- •:¦
eases etc. Rates $10 to $16 per we«k. In-
formation at Peck's Bureau, 11 Montgomery at.,
or address J. jMARTENS, Batchelor P. O.,«;
Lake County. Cal. " . ¦ • ; : • *
HOTEL ROWARDENNAN
"IN THE MOUNTAINS BT THE SEA." ¦-<•;•
BEN LOMOND— Santa Cru* County. . .;
REGULAR SEASON. V K --
Wlll open May 13th under entirely new man- *
agement. Round 'rl? tickets from S*n Krac- g
c»#co $3.00. For booklet apply Peck's Bureau. 3
11 Montgomery »t., S. F., or to WILLIAM i». , r
DODGE. Lessee. .- ;
Napa Soda Springs.:;
The famous mountain health and pleasure , <
resort is now ouen for the patronage of tha -
public. Addresi JOHN JACOBS. - ..
LOS GATOS. "
HO^EL. LTNDON— Modern Improvements,
extrrsive grounds: popular amusements: lawn'
tennis, croquet: climate unsurpassed. Opposlt**,
depot. J. P. MOGENSON. Prop.
cnnnC'C DECT Ford«'s Rest, heart of- Santa m
rUKUC iKlijl Cru* Mt». S. P. C. R. R-. ..
round trip J3; enlarged; surroundsd by two ro- j
mantle trout streams: fishing, btantin*. bath- ' .
tog: • picturesque place. Adults Jtt.50 per--,
week, children half price. W. C. FORDE. Ec- '
clea. Cal. -r -^>
MOUNTAIN \nEW RANCH HOTEL: an •,
Ideal resort: new hotel- and cottages .
In Santa Crux Mountains: one hour's ••
drive from Santa Cruz. Capitola or Glenwood: . .;
large swimming tank; superior table; long dis-
tance telephone State 81 : $I> to $12 per week. -
FREDERICKSEN &. SUTTON, managers.-:
Santa Cruz. Cal. . • i - -
HARBIN SPRINGS — Most desirable In Lake
Co. : contain sulphur. ' Iron, magnesia utul *,
arsenic; wonderful cures of rheumatism, ca- .¦¦
tarrh, paralysis, dropsy, kidney, liver and
stomach troubles; new gymnasium, bowlln? •; "
alley, handball court and billiard room. Round--;,
trip tickets. S. P. office, »». J. A. HATS. Prop. . ;
KEDWOOD VILLA B£SOBT. , '
Excellent board, home cooking; tent ground. .~
It desired, with board, $5. Room and board $^.-
t> *10. Best hunting and fishing. MRS. A. L.
ACKEUMAN. La Honda, San Mateo County: '
WILLOW RANCH, delightfully located In . '
redwoods, 5 mile* from Santa Cruz. Sprinar '
water fru'.t. milk, excellent table: daily mall: "r
free conveyance: *7 week; long distance phone.
MRS. W, CRAXDELL. Santa Cruz. Cal.
FURNISHED ROOMS TO LET at Santa '
Cruz, near ear line, at OarfleldPark. MK3. \
CLARENCE NORRIS, Colonial Cottages. Santa 3
Cruz. Cal. ¦.-¦¦;¦ - . ,-
ROCKT Falls Farm. 4 miles from Santa Cms. '
in mts. O.M.Fhlppey.m R.F.P .Snta Cru»- -
%^-^"^j^Kfcij^^x^3!i{^ y£rft^^^5^^K^.^^?^^JWa»^1^B^BIfc'^^ fl> ' j*^^a.-»^*Ma^^v7^^^^WlaBBEx^^^l3E sftfej^jy^^^^^wwjHnff^Sifeyftjw^'sg^^^^ jL >JtS^
wSfi^rtHgjT 'J" DQ*(RCnK$&*£si&$£&->&'* ''"**¦ ---'''*- ?r^n**ijiBPnlBff^ . -^ "¦ '-'¦ "' v J^Bjci^lfrrafliBifeSBBlffi yi
jrSjK5 v ?^^>MW^^^N^^^5i^^^nl^4«f^^B^^nSiBVVBfP»^^->>' ' ¦ ' • '¦ ¦ ¦¦ -v * - ' frrVloOp^B^BlB^M^^5^&^^^ %a"M BBB^Bt^BSrTi^V^L^^BB^MjS^^BB^L^fct^BSv^^^^ j^^v^^j
"^SvJ?V\^ ¦¦*'5'* v rBft "ilyt^^^i^iX' * -¦¦* *" "- '¦'' ' '" '" "¦' * J^JF^fr^SjW BBBB^fc?^?^ ' r : -':
i».£ f'\> *(njb t^^ *"^C^ •** -: ¦ J*8i '•' tyff t^ *. ¦'-.¦ .'~ ¦^ryy^^^WWPPP^ ''¦"'"' : iBBgR3^BT' '->'• Tnk%'~'^f^S&. jJ™^SB^»JBb
* •^' v *? N^t *^" *^^iV*^' * - «v5^""'- * ¦ *' *~ J**^WffaB*^M •
tt*»'lV^ v Wt o -T>A*«* ft {V'NrSy •j*J*w\ V \xy*'i^^*'^^ : ' : ¦ - ' '^' ' \^Bb -^^^HBrk^^L^BUEB^^^^^^^BBBBK^ 1 -' ' *' "'"'*''¦ *^-\ ¦ *" ' " > " ' * TSnflBflBu^S?
vrf r " » •¦•£ • ' i* ¦ ¦¦•' " " Trftt^rirTHa^BMBB^fiBffB^y^ j5£Tj^* -^^h ¦ * /¦?c»^?A' ¦: ¦ : .. ¦...¦.. .¦¦..;¦., .,^ ]^jfo&- ¦*
• €~* f\ C 1 T f T (*\ *\J 9 *
CUT OUT THIS DESCRIPTION AND PASTE ON BACK OP
PICTURE FOR FUTURE REFERENCE.
["COSTLY TOYS"
•' "
IS THE TITLE OF THE
...ART SUPPLEMENT... .
By Charles Van den Eycken
TO BE GIVEN WITH THE
NEXT SUNDAY CALL
The proverbial playfulness of kittens Is a favorite subject with painters who
eho<w their models from the domesticated branch of the feline tribe. The fact that
ttie little animals hare not been endowed with discretion in their choice of playthings. '
itloas vvith their instinct for play often leads them to do much mischief, and it is
Ibis nii*c!i!ef which furnishes* an inexhau>tible fund of material upon which such art-
ist* as Eugenie Lambert; Mme. Ilenriettc Ronncr and Charles Van den Eycken, the
painter of the original of this art supplement, have drawn In producing the pictures
which are their life work.
Other artists of more serious temperament have used cats as models for repre-
sentation* of the savaee members or the same family. The anatomy of the .domestic
oat is almost 'identical with that or many of its wild cousins, and the fact that the sav-
age instincts of its ancestors imve only a thin veneer of the domestication makes it
. a'ViuipIe matter for .an artist to transform Uift household tabby into a tiger oiyllon-
ess. a« Delacroix frequently did. One needs only to observe a eat drinking, eating
or sialkii;£ a mouse or sparrow to note tho resemblance recalled by . Wliittier. who
«iis|il:i;.ed mtjeti «r a painter's instinct in his description in Uic lines. in "Snow Bounil''
-XhC cat's dark silhouette on the wall, a couchant timer's seemed to fall."
In garb pictures a* the one which is the subject of this notice there are the ele^
menis of lively, action and a pleasing suggestion of innocence and joyousness which
malce them jusUy popular. In Van den Kycken's painting tfiere is also bright and .
agreeable color and fckillful brush work.
Charles Van den Kycken is a Belgian of pure Flemish descent. He is still a
rosins man and has every prospect of becomins even more famous in his chosen
brztndi of art than the celebrated Mme. Konner, whose pupil he Is. His studio is in
Antwerp in the same building as that of his former instructor. During the last dec-
ade his works ha\e liecomc well known in America and the sale of his pictures in this
t -ountrv is steadily increfcsins.
Are You Making a Collection of The Call's Art Supplements ?
There Are Several More Beauties Coming.
ALL NEWSDEALERS AND TRAIN NEWSAGENTS SELL THE CALL. ENTER A COMPLAINT
AT THIS OFFICE IF YOU FAIL TO GET A CALL WHEN WANTED.
1 ' lie your own employer and |
I SAVE Uic PROFITS. -
You will find cooil opnortuni- I
, tic» through our BUSIXESS j
CHANCE ADS — Read them. !
¦;-,% ,C. ', . ; , ADVEBTISE2HZNTS. .
1 ft IJ PTURE. I
M • ¦ "| || •„ ,„, ' - ..- --
¦ . ¦ - ¦ -•". ¦ .--. • »• -¦--:¦:': :¦ ? , * J
» Do ; ybU' need to be cured? Do you want »
S; to be curedi? ; We can do it. Scores of the best ;¦
¦ residents of this city have been cured by us. jj-
BrGall for names and, addresses. Cureis safe, ¦
¦^painless and permanent. No pay till cured., ;¦;
( FidelitpRupture Cure j
5 1344 Harket Street Sair praiiciscocS
BlBHBBBBBBIIfflHBBBBBBlBllBBBiiHBBBlBllBllBlim:
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE HAIR BRUSH .
Breeds ¦ Dandruff, Which Cause* j rallinff
Halr 1 and Tinally BaldneBa.; : : ¦
Prbf.tUnna. Hamburg, Germany, Euro-
poan authority on skfn diseases, - Bay3
that: dandruff Is asl contagious as any
other malevolent disease. ; and' that ! one'
corninon . source of, : the spread _.pf dandruff
is the use of the same hair brush by .dif-
ferent persons. ", The; way to avoid catch-
Ing dandruff or ' any^other disease >fronv
another's brush, Is to insist on the use of
Newbro's ; Herplcide. It 1 notv, only '- kills
the dandruff germ, but It Is also ananti-.
septio that twill; prevent the; catching of
any:disease" whatever, through contagion
of another's brush. : Sold by heading
druggists. Send* 10c in stamps ; for sam-
ple to .The Ilerpiclde Co.,' Detroit, Mich.
BAETLETT
SPRINGS.
If you have never been to Bart-,
lett, send for a booklet that will
tell you all about the- Springs and
how to reach there. • ¦«*.
Make it a point to visit Bartlett
this season and you will never re-
gret the trip.
Those" who go to. Bartlett once
are sure to go again.
The waters are the best in the
State, the fishirigg fine, the table
good, and no pains spared in mak-
ing the guests comfortable.'
RATES—^lU.OO to flT.oO
per week.
Write J. E. McMAHAN, Bart-
lett Sprii.gs. Cal., or call at 2
Sutter street, San Francisco.
Bl II i"^
¦ .-•
Ideal Summer Resort.'-. Hunting, Boating,
Fishing. Music, every evening. S?nd for
pamphlet. C. WEISMAN. Mldlake P. O.,'Lake
County, Cal.
LAKES
or call on Dr. Happerfberger, 1104 Market St., '
San Francisco. ]
** m- m -Iwifc II0T SPRINGS. SONOMA
S}jfnf2fj\ COUNTY; only 4% hours
OA/l l/VW from San Francisco and
but 9 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; beet natural
hot mineral water bath In State: boating and
swimming in Warm Springs Creek; good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, dally mail, ex-
press and San Francisco morning and, evening :
papers- FIUST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICK: both morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from Sr.n Francisco -only (5 50. Take
Tiburon f«-rry dally at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
Rates (2 a day or 512 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Patronage of
1903 unprecedented. Information at Peck's. In-
formation Bureau, 11 Montgomery »t.. or of;
J. F. MULGREW. Skaggs. Cal" * t \
St"lCLFR H0T Springs.
Natural Hot Baths. Positive, cure for rheu-
metlsm,- asthma. - Wond,erfuli waters for liver,
kidney and all stomach troubles. Swimming
pond,' gymnasium. Orchestra.' • Hard-finished
rooms. Housekeeping cottages. Electric lights.
Arsenic beauty baths. Home dairy. Rates $10
to ?1V per week. Baths and amusements free.
Addr-ifs H. H. McGOWAN, proprietor, Seigler,
Lake County, Cal.
Own Simmer Horn? £ laSIS CamD Meelrer
Pure water,- equable climate,* lots selling $10
up; cottages built.' by Meeker, (50 up; depot;
etores; restaurant; ' hotel; post and express;
telephone; sawmlll-.'OCO lots Fold: 300 cottages
built. Sausalito ferry, ,N. S.- R.. R. M. C.
MEEKER. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS.
, QBANO CHimULT. HOTEL.
Felton. Cal. Rates ' reasonable.
MRS. I. N. HAYES.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively - Improved ¦ since laet
Opens April 1. . THOS. L. BELL, Mgr.; Felton.
Cal. Buy tickets to Tuxedo, yarrow-gauge,
foot of Market street. Round trip, $3.00.
HOWELLMT^WOODWORTH'S^^ud'i:
No fog. Purest spring, water. Climate natural
1 tonic and Invigorator. Residence 20 years. $7
•per week. Woodwortb & Muller. St. Helena. Cal.
TO rent at Camp Meeker, a cottage of 3 fur-
nished rootnn; - For terms, call or write 4
Summer Ft.. San Francisco, Cal.
THE GEYSERS
The Most ramons Health- and Fleftsur*
Besort in California.
THE CLIMATE AN'D SCEKERY.are unsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged the
best on the' market. .Natural mineral, steam,
and Hammam baths. Swimming lake of tepid
mineral water, Boating, hunting, fishing.
danc<ns ; shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL AND COTTAGEt have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages'and a
fine pavilion built this year. -
There will be a fully equipped dairy and 11 v-
ery stable in connection with the hotel.' Th»
hotel, cottages, bath houses and grounds are
lighted by electricity. . • ' - -
¦The hotel will b* supplied with the beet th«
market affords. Rates. $10. $12. $14 and Jlfl
per week. | For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Qeyven,
.- Sonoma County, .California.
VACATION 1904
IS NOW READY TOR DISTRIBUTION.'
' "VACATION" is issued an- .
nually by the
California Northwestern R'y
TEE PICTURESQUE BOOTS 07 CALIFORNIA
and Is the standard publication
on. the Pacific Coast for informa-
tion regarding
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS,
COUNTRY HOMES AND, FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This year's i edition. "Vacation
1904." contains over 150 pages,
beautifully illustrated, and Is
, complete in its detailed Informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc., with
terms from $7.00 per week up.
To be had at Ticket Offices. 630 Market
Street (Chronicle Building), and Tlburon Ferry,
foot of Market Street; General Office, Mutual
Life Building, corner of Sansorae and California
Streets, . San Francisco; in I Oakland at 072
Broadway. . :
Applications by Mail 'Will Beceiv* Im-
mediate Kespons*. . ' ;; : ;-
H. C. WHITING. Gten'l Manager. : I^
R. X. RYAN. Cen'lPaMfr Agent.
CAMP==c~
VACATION
The hotel under canvas on the Rus-
sian River, near Guerneville. will open !
May 1. MRS. L. C. CNOPIUS.
LAKEPORT . AND BARTLETT BPRIN'OS ;
STAGE LINE— Hcpland to Bartlett Springs
via Lakeport, carrying: passengers for Lakeport
and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect with
trains at/ Hopland. Leave Hopland at 12:30;
arrive at Lakeport at 3:30: arrive at Bartlett
Springs at 7:30. New S-horse 14-passenger
tourist waKons, . with all the most modern Im-
provements. ¦ Passengers for Lakeport or Bari-
let' Springs, call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Ijlne. Tickets can be purchased at office
of California- N. * W ; . Ry.. tSO Market St., or
at Tlburon ferry. ; :
•;-.-¦¦ MILLER. & HOWARD. Props. :
RFCfi^HFTM Delightfully situated In the
ULRUJIILJiU Santa Cruz - Itedwoods. Rates
$7 and fS per week.. For circulars address O.
F. BIEDENWEG. R. D. 121. Santa Cru*. Cal.JB.*\Stoll. aentlst; Haight & Maao&le "'•»»,•
. Spiro Polies was; arrested 'by
tives Regan' and O'Connell yesterday
on a charge of .grand larceny. ;He Is
accused, by Mrs. Gertrude * Billings,
who has a restaurant at; 957 Howard
street, ,;' of : stealing from her cash
drawer" a. diamond earring; valued mt
X 5 5. - She ~ said he called at - her. place
on March 23 and asked for- a job as
cook, but * she told him -.she did not
want one. - To "¦ get rid of his impor
tunities she walked into _the kitchen,
when, she alleges, he stole the' earring.
Accused . of ; Grand Larceny;
Edward -Cunningham, John McCorr
mick' and . John LMartin. were, sentenced
yesterday, by .Judge .Lawlor_. on a
charge i of ; burglary. , . McCormick ' and
Maytirii-wrio}pje^ded;iguHtyr.were78en-.
tenced -: to serve"; three' years each • in
Folsoin" "penitentiary * \ and "¦" Cunning-;
hahir rwhb^wen^-.to; trial ¦"and^was (con
victed,"" was*, sentenced'. to f serve i-flye
yeaira.'; ".They; broke? into-; the' rooms of
Jose"phfc.';Plat v 3 4 8 .Fourth 'street, on
the morning of 'January '22. ?v '
Prisoners Arc' Sentenced.
The . following numbers^ will ' be J
given by the Golden Gate Park' Band
to-day: "The Star-spangled" Banner," •
national 'anthem of the United States; i
March,' "New England's Finest" (Her- j
bert Clark): overture. ."The Hermit's
Bell" (Malllart) ; waltz. t'Jolly ; Fel
lows" (Vollstedt) ; >solo ; for v cornet, se
lected. D. C. Rosebrook; - grand fan
tasle. "La Boheme" (Puccini); over
ture, "Tarinhauser" (Wagner); mndJey
of; English, | " Scotch' and Irish: airs '
(Baetens); (a) novelette'. "A'.Whis
pered Thought." (Charles Johnson),
(b) American sketch;, "Down'Kouth"
(Myddleton)v selection, "Mam'selle
Napoleon" (Luders) ; descriptive, ."A
Cavalry Charge" (Luders); ,"Am«r-'
lea." -'¦¦'.
Music at the Park Tp-Duy.
A • replevin suit' for the recovery of
the. Great Dane, "Jumbo," now on ex
hibition at the Bench/ Show, was
brought yesterday by . B. ¦• J. Brun
against Sol Burnett. The suit is for
$100, the nominal value of the dog.
A wr£t of attachment was taken out
and at once . served ' by. a- Deputy
Sheriff. Brun saw the dog at the
Bench Show Thursday and claimed
him as his own. A search warrant
was got s out, but Police Judge Fritz
could not decide the. conflicting claims
and suggested that a civil .'suit be
brought to. determine the ownership of
the dog. v.~.
B. J. Brun Institutes Civil .Action
Against Sol Burnett mid Sheriff
Takes Charge of Animal.
Owens Get* a HenrinR
A petition for a writ of habeas cor
pus in favor of W. H. Owens was
granted by the Supreme Court yester
day. Owens is held on- a charge of
robbery- His attorneys claim that he
is a respectable man and that his de
tention is due to an error on the part
of the police. The Supreme Cpurt will
hear the case to-morrow morning.
of this city by the Supreme Court yes
terday. Katzauer is held on a charge
of receiving stolen property. He al
leged that the proceedings in his case
were not regular and asked for a writ
of prohibition restraining Police Judge
Con Ian from paying any further atten
tion to the case. .
Trapper's OH cu~e* rheumatism and netiralcia.
DrurgiBte. 50c fl««k. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
Katzaucr's Petition Is Denied.
Max Katzauer was denied a writ of
prohibition against the Police Court j
In 1881 the London- birth .rate aver
aged 32.2 % thousand, jjj It steadily de
clined to 28.5 in 1302.
Thus far but nine applications have
been- filed, which Roncovieri considers
remarkable, when the importance of -the
position, both from an educational and
financial standpoint, * Is • considered.
-While - the Board qX Education recog
nizes the ability of the applicants, it is
of the opinion that it should have a
larger field to draw from in order that
the . best available man jj may ] be ap
pointed^;, v . -•
.Roucovieri'a announcement will not
likely prove consoling to the nine ap
plicants.- Among^ those ; it seems that
J j J. Gallagher, head of classics in the
Lowell High' School; R. D. Faulkner,
principal ,of 'the. Franklin Grammar
School, ¦ and A. W. Scott, : principal of
the ? Alameda High : School, have de
veloped 1 elements . of strength In their
efforts to secure, the place.'- ¦ •¦> . ,
Roncovieri also that it Is.pro
posed to subordinate politics to capa
bility ! in the selection of the man. That
is to say that the man with' the strong
est political backing ' will j have no ad
vantage over a • man that' possesses^su
perior qualifications for the position. ¦
: ..-'The \ princlpalshlpjof the* Girls' ' High
School is one of the r most irnportant\in
the : Public School" Department," said
Roncovieri. : "The appointee must have
rare ability.. .The place pays' $3000 a
year for. life, and the^man that gets it
will receive an equivalent of $100,000
in ' 3;' per ,'ce"nt -bonds. ,We 'want more
applicants to •" present; themselves," as we
dp; not j want i to* make 'any. mistake, as
the* appointee "will preside over the edu
cational destinies of ;. San 'Francisco's
fairest daughters. The place is one of
great, responsibility, /and .we- will go
very slowly/ln making a. •selection/'.
- The prospective -vacancy, -in-, the prln
cipalship of the Girls' High School
caused ¦¦ by the announced intention of
Professor. Elisha Brooks to resign at the
beginning of the next term is still open,
and the Board of Education is extreme
ly..desirous of receiving more applica
tions for. the position.
The. foregoing announcement was
made by. Alfred Roncovieri,
president of the Board of Education,
who at the same time declared it was
by no means a certainty that a selec
tion would "-be made 'from the' candi
dates who have thus ¦ far applied for
the; place. •\/-^ii~ : J
Board of Education Wants
; More Applicants - for Head
I of the Girls' High School
Evidence That Cnrfagnl Killed . Mary
Werner and Himself While Crazed
by Jealousy.
Coroner' Lfland held an Inquest
yesterday on the bodies of Louis Car
fagni and Mary Werner, the victims of
the suicide and murder tragedy which
took place on Aprli 8 in Carfagni's
tailor shop at the corner of Sacra
mento and Kearny streets.
The testimony showed that Car
fagni^who was madly in love with the
woman, became crazed through
jealousy and 6hot her and himself.
The evidence was that the woman had
been keeping company with other
men. and the theory was advanced
that immediately "before the shooting
the two had words about the matter
and Carfagni In a moment of frenzy
shot the woman and himself.
A verdict in accordance with the
facts was rendered. J ' ..
SUES FOR RECOVERY
. OF GREL\T DAXE DOG
IXQUEST OS VICTIMS OF
TAILOR SHOP TRAGEDY
PRINCIPALSHIP
IS STILL OPEN
The estate of Peter W. Watson, a
wool merchant. . was appraised yes
terday at $87,746. It consists of $54,
617 in' cash, a stock of wool and a
few pieces of realty in this city.
Appraise Watson's' Estate.
Stock certificate* and seal presses at short
notice. Edw. S. Knowles. 24 Second at. •?
Clockwork submarines are the fav
orite toys In Europe at present.
The Supervisors' Finance Committee
will take steps at to-morrow's meet
ing of. the board to recover from the
estate of the late Commissioner of Pub
lic Works George H., Mendell his pro r
portion of the defalcation of $8000 of
ex-Cashier W. J. H. White , of the
Board of Public Works. :
The fact that Mendell's estate has
been finally , distributed Inclines, the
committee to the^ opinion that it will
be impossible to recover any, money
therefrom and that restitution will
have to be looked; for from the'bonds
men of MendellT^
The Finance Committee blames May
or Schmitz for neglecting to ," begin
proper legal | proceedings against . the
estate before final distribution was
made. As far back, as last June, the
Mayor was requested to take steps to
recover the amountof the shortage for
which ex-Commissioner. Marsden Man
son, Commissioner Casey and the- late
Commissioner Mendell. are responsible,
the defalcation having occurred during
their incumbency. White had given a
bond of $3000 with a surety company;'
thus leaving $5000 to be made up by
the Commissioners under whom White
was a subordinate at. the- time he em
bezzled the city's funds. The Finance
Committee contends that if Mayor
Schmitz had not delayed in the.matter
the 'Mendell 'estate would nave had to
pay its Drorata of the shortage, and
now it may be too late tp recover It.
City Attorney Long will" be requested
by resolution of the board to institute
proceedings to recover from Mendell's
estate or . bondsmen tne amount for
which he is held responsible 'under the
charter, in this case something like
$1700. Suit will also be instituted
against Manson and Casey and their
bondsmen for a similar amount.
Frank VIning, ''defendant a' suit
for- divorce on the ground of, cruelty,
brought by Irene Vlhing,' ; is willing
enough that the. bonds •uniting them
should be severed, but', he- -wants' his
wife; to shoulder the blame- for jtheir
matrimonial infelicities. Yesterday" in
a answer to her suit he /"denies /.ever
tr.eatlng her -cruelly and in ; a'-cross
complaint charges that she-has ;been
too intimate with one "KW 1 ; Parker
to suit his ideas of wifely conduct.' He
asks for a divorce 'on : tTTe .; ground of
infidelity and for the absolute custody
of his daughter Irene. .
- Desertion -is charged in the/" com-.'
plaints for divorce filed by Cora "Far
ley against James E. Farley and W.
H. Lewis against Daisy ' Lewis. .. Mary,
Strittmatter wants a divorde, from Jo
seph Strittmatter «on the ground . of
neglect.
L. Burge is suing Mrs. Burge for
divorce on the ground of •desertion.
Judge Kerrigan is of the opinion that
Emil Blumenthal, son .of B. Blumen
thal, the millionaire glove manuf actiir*
er, has brains enough to earn $100 a
month, notwithstanding that Blumen
thal Sr. says his son Is a mental weak-:
ling and hasCnot s'ufflclent^gray,. mat
ter to earn' enough toV keep f himself.
In accordance 'with this opinion,; "Judge
Kerrigan made: .an; -order '.directing
young Blumenthal " to. pay >.to ¦ -. iJettle
Biumenthal, his wife,' $25 a ; month'pend
ing the final deterrnlnatlohyof her suit
for maintenance, f? He . must also pay
her $200 to enable Her. -to J retain? : at
torneys to prosecute • the. t actloh. ! and
$10 to defray I the ' court.;- costs t of \ the
proceedings;" ;^'.;** " .^..:.,^... ;
¦¦;• "And," said* Judge , Kerf ig # an~. : when*
he. made tiie"order, "unless. this-. money
Is paid contempt ; proceedings ;""can be
instituted - and i this, young [man \ sent to
Jail. It Is, 'perfectly -clear^. from this'
evidence that this "young" man ' has no
money and that « at^ present i he " is not
earning any, : but .Jt^ls^also very -clear.,
that he can earn enough to. satisfy, this
order." . ,.* '; , '". •;;'¦¦. - :/ ..
The will of Adam Grant, the pioneer
merchant, founder of the firm of Mur
phy, Grant & Co., was filed for probate
yesterday. It ? was . made January 23,
1904, and the signature of the deceased
Is witnessed by Reuben H.. Lloyd, and
Percy E. Towne. The will disposes of
an estate worth more than $1,000,000.
Of the . estate $20,000. goes to charlty/
,the- rest being, devised to Emma Grant,
widow 'of the deceased; Joseph D.
Grant,! his son; Douglass and Josephine
Grant, children of the -latter, and other
relatives of the deceased. - •
The will: states that at the time of
his marriage deceased was worth $40,
000, and that as the estate he held at
the time of his death was the result
of a~careful investment of thisrsum he
considers the estate separate property.
He therefore leaves his widow $400,000,
the family residence at 1112 Ellis street
and a monthly Income of. $1000, .allow
ing her, however, to elect, if she so
chooses, to claim half of the estate,, the
share she would be entitled to if the
estate had; been community .property.
To Douglass. and Josephine Grant, his
grandchildren, he - teaves $100,000 "each,
they- to acquire absolute possession of
this sum at the time they become -25
years of- age, .providing that : ' in the
opinion of the ' trustees . of the estate,
Emma-' Grant* and Joseph Grant, they
are. capable; of managing .such a sum.
In the event that, the trustees con
sider them unfit, 1 then the bequests are
to be held in trust by the- trustees for
the benefit of the devisees. Grant de
vises* to ' his sister, Jessie McKay, an
income of $250 a year while the estate
is undergoing probate and $5000 cash
when it is finally" settled. He makes
the same sort of bequest to each of the
daughters of his deceased sister. Belle
McDonaJd. To • his namesake, William
Grant Morrow, he leaves $2500. and to
his trustees $10,000. to be held by them
for the benefit of Mamie M. Hammond
of Chicago, providing that upon her
death this sum shall revert to Joseph
Grant. He also devises to the trustees
$8000 to be held by them for the benefit
of William Grant, his brother. The
residue of the' estate is devised to Jo
seph D. Grant, son of the deceased.
The charitable organizations men
tioned In the will are the Protestant
Orphan Asylum, the Roman Catholic
Orphan Asylum, the Ladles' Protective
and ,\Relfef ; Society and the Pacific He
brewyOrphan. Asylum. Each of these
institutions Is to receive $5000.
Grant 'provides" that none of the be
quests made by? him shall be paid un
lesSiln.iUie.-oplnion.of his son the firm
of" Murphy;' Grant 4 & Co. shall be able
to stand the 'withdrawal from" the busi
ness of the amounts devised.
Leaves Annuities to Broths
ers and Sisters, and Large
Sums to His Grandchildren
Fact j That Mendell Estate
Has Distributed May
V Prevent Successful Action
Judge Kerrigan Says Son of
the Capitalist; Has; Brains
Enough to Make^aVLiving
DELAY MAY -BE FATAL
SCORES-YOUNG HUSBAND
$100,000 FOR HIS WIDOW
Court Orders Einil' Blumeii
thal to Pay^gpouse $25 a,
: Month for Her : Sujnwrt
Last Testament of Pioneer
Merchant Devises Most of
Estate to His Family
Supervisors Will Commence
Suit to ;; Recover Tortion
of Cashier's Defalcation
WHITE'S CRIME
STILL TROUBLES
ADAM GRANT'S
WILL IS FILED
DESERTED WIFE
GETS ALIMONY
THE SAN." FRANCISCO APRIL; 17, 1004.
Boys Rifle a Till.
Robert Newton, storekeeper,. 525
Sixth street, reported to the .police
yesterday that two boys, each about 14
years <of age, entered his- store on Fri
day afternoon and stole J3 25 from
the till. He was able to give a good
description of them.
34
New Laces, Ribbons
Tlii^week^we-will show a larcre yarietu of
New:Goo3s in the ahoye three departmaiits.
New Laces.
¦' * Yenlse, Llerre "and ¦¦Oriental Allbver Nets, ln.whltej-
/cream, Arahlc and; mack; cream and Clack FJare and
>Venlse Bands 'and Inseptlngsj Lace Tucklnjs, Nain-
sook, ;Swlss r and Cambric, Allovers and Flouncings j
vNeirVelllhffs and French and SfflssEmDroIderles.
; New Ribbons.
- ; >*. tatest^rioYBltles • In " Dresden, Plaid, Fancu Persian,
IPolka Dot r *Oml)pe,vSatln stripe, Brocaded, Warp Print
and Roman Strlpe'RllJtons, 1 also- Yern test dualities of
• BiackTaffeta'and Black^Satln Taffeta and Satin LlDerto
RlbDonsjaiso: almost complete stock of all widths In
; plain and fancu; Wash Ribbons.
New Gloves.
We haye; opened: up a new shipment of GloYes, In-
cluding Xeuriier, Suedes, Rennler Fanchon, Rennler
Glace, lQcUes' and : gents' Dent GloYes^also a splendid
assortment •of^Sllir,' Lisle and Mesh Gloves In the cele-
brated Kauser and-Fowne's brands. -•
Extra Special.
-We will place oh special sale this week 500 dozen
Ladles!, Fine Swiss- Embroidered TurnoYer Collars, the
newest stule.s..v These. are In about flftu different pat-
' lerns; 1 The goods were imported to sell for 40c and 50c
each.: -The entire lot will be sold at... |£T/* Each
or Si; 80 per dozen. >->T lOlr =^=
/ \ £¦¦¦: ,\ ¦ y — ; : -.¦•/ *i~i.
WwT^^'TnilZ^ Orders by mall receive prompt attention:
A * JL~^^ All orders for samples or goods filled
/ =» and shipped same day they are received.
v J1V113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREEr.
ADVEB-TISEMENTSw ;
\v§ai-S^ imW^iii -determined to make
'^^^\ //Wlill' f li this the bi §g est sale
1 : /fJ \ /I fwir'f/ that our new second
perienced. In this .
great sale we. offer some 20 styles purchased by
us under the most favonble price conditions.
They represent beautiful White Lawn and Damask
1 Cheviot Waists, fully worth $2.50,at ',: •=¦...
$1.50 Each
GREATEST OF EMBROIDERY SALES
Representing a purchase of, over 20,000 yards of lace-
manufacturers' surplus stock of very fine quality Swiss,
Nainsook and Cambric Edges, Flouncings and Inser- I
tions. Positively the 'finest lot" of Embroideries placed oh.
sale in this city. The, entire center aisle will be devoted to
the selling of this extraordinary purchase which are' less
than half price.
LOT i— Cambric Edgings and Insertions in- a large assortment
. of widths and patterns, I2j4c and-i5c values, |
. . *7<z Yard \ " /-';* r<;
LOT 2— Nainsook and. Cambric Edgings and Insertions, finest of ¦
needlework, over 100 styles, in all widths, 26c and 25c
• ' VcLIuCS ¦ - - ¦ ' ¦ *' ¦ ' - •
, ¦ '"'¦'.'" : \12c Yard 'C
LOT 3— Swiss," Nainsook and Cambric "Edges and Insertions, '¦
choicest patterns in all widths, 30c and 35c value. . :^ ;
¦ ; .; - • . : \ 9c; ' Yard.;; '
LOT 4— 3000^ yards, of. Nainsook and Cambric flouncings in^^ Cor-
set Coverings,. also medium widths. 1 Embroideries worth ¦-
50c and^75c "yard, • "¦ ii ':'V"; ' ¦¦ . •¦-
;- - : ? .. 29c N Yardi "¦
LOT 5— 2000 yards of Swiss, Nainsook and Cambric Edgings, -.
flouncings, and $1.00, $1.25; $1.75 yard ; values' '
;-.V:.^33c;Yard. - ' . * •' -,'C"'*'
Perrin Gloves ire the Best This Mininery Store
In all the latest Styles' and Is soon to be vacated V In a
ncw : spring shades: -./'. j'.;--. short time; we. willlremove-our il
" Misses " 2-cIasp * Washable . .•millinery V department- :to -Uhe : :
and- Pcrspiratlonrproof ;.Kid. new,: Quarters on '¦ the \ third-floor "
\ - ¦ «y eSf : % \'Q - pai ' r -', T •' , o ¦ '1 " of our comer, building. Prior i
; ¦'. • Women s jFpwnc s Lisle Suede to ' removal' we are '(letermined «|
Gloves, all shades, black aiid to:'CLEAN'UP'every'hat= on
white. Regular 'hand .if price^will- doit.: Mon-
l $1.00 value, ft; |gg.ngjp c day we^ begin Hhis? great millin-;:
V ..........^.....;.. ; r ; . ,cry sale, whichyafTordsl an-op-";
iL ' ' a it ' r^~~- • ; j • • j • ¦¦P? r 1 tun ' t 3 r . : - r tof purchase'-', newest'
-AjL..: '.'' A?l gloves fitted , ; and^ high-class millinery rat^-re"''^
p[^n warranted.-- :>-.,? V<.;; markably low prices. </.&%.
Lap! A CENTS ROYAL WORCESTER CORSETS. .rM
CVw i <^^jjrTTin[r~Ti,'"i 1 ~n" iTi r ''' l!!'""'^ iMr^l'^i.' Mi'Is^'sa f7Jsssj^^^\.ct?tJ^>
FOR MONDAY, APRIL {8th.
IMcw Summer Waists I
The Mag^iin perfect-fitting Waists are widely known, and .
this popalaritj- is attributed to the exdusiveness of the
soles, the reliable materials rfvA^N
tnd the sj^>crior tirorkmanship. ftj&£tt^L
This week "we will show a sr cat "
nnmbcr of new Waists, and all O^^r^Sr^
are popularly priced. / Y ~Jj^
LADIES' WAISTS, same ftyl- #^H^
as illustrated, made in our work- i3^*5C***\$*sS4)
rooms: the material is sheer Per- rl^^^^^^^^\ .
sian lawn, drooping shoulder ef- l^J Sr f^7 >^^^\
feet, stylishly tucked; yoke neatly //^''jfif^j^ \
joined with fine embroidery vein- / [, 'j f\l\\ \
ing; «tiff laundered cuffs; soft / V j 1 jffl /j »• I
crushed stock with bow; sires 32 / \J Oil iLIE-V^/
to 44- An exclusive design. I
Remarkably Low Priced \^^^^^
Ladies' Neckwear and Belts
We rre showincr a jrreat mnnv new models in LADIES'
STOCKS and FAN'CY BELTS.
SPECiAl SALE for MONDAY ONLY
EMBROIDERED COLLAR and CUFF SETS, French
efTectf, all handsomely embroidered on Jinen.^Spe- ...-A(\p
cial for to-morrow only *. *t vl O
Only two sets will be sold to each customer.
§ Summer Ovcrskirts
Made of shrunken butcher
linen, dress linen* pique • and
fancy linen. Our^ models- for
this season arc . all walking
lengths. .' ' " " ',
The accompanying illustra-
tion is of a golf skirt, made of
soft finish, shrunken English . .
duck; seven gore; C*l ,
full flare; all sizes V"»'v
Same style as above, made
of tan linen Cl^fl '
ylaO.U.
Ladies' Underwear 1 J^av
Department %
LADIES' -NIGHT- ?: l||v
GOWNS, same style as il- r.-.; r .-^..A' t ~ £gi .„. „.
lustr.nted; made in our work- ; "'*: : '^^ r *^Sf'^^|
rooms; 00 inches long; fall V -'^^d^^K^4^' 1 !
width; made of Lonsdale's j W&^^^^^\i
best cambric; yoke and % i^J^^£. inWrnkf - \ ' -'}
sleeves daintily trimmed /i2^ I ' il \
with fine Valenciennes lace, / %$ 'i I t I |\- \
embroidery, beading at neck V_^* > V ' I ?! B^. \
with ribbon . drawn through; J ** R^'- )
$1.50 value, for QAp -' L^^-^
to-morrow only vvrv ;'_...,
918-922 MARKET STREET
pnpc Our new Illustrated Summer Catalogue will.be sent free
inLL, to out-of-town people.
Exclusive Pacific Coast Agents for the "ARNOLD" GOODS,
formerly sold by Mrs. Ober.
ajdvxb.tisem:znts. • ' .. . .' .
THEJNOONANMh
FURNITURE CO. l^^f
In the Good Old I
IS^I Summer Time I
*£rj£f- a ~\<i '^ •«• • . '< "C^£4^^^ When the weather b too hot for
''< KS 5&*^£jfe!>>&2&2%t 9uB y° ur rneats and table delicacies
Am yOU want one of our up-to-
j^^^Si Refrigerators .
"W W0& B 101 1 Wk Wc havc a11 sizcs at p riccs to
* ' ' ¦V$^Mfi suit cvcr y one's purse. We also
Uifcffifj^ ¦' ¦_"' ! ' ¦ ', J ~A j&jg fflffa carry a complete line of iron arid
£ \ksrf^* r '* - y^-|kt. brass beds, rattan rockers, mat-- "
\ *ir etc. You can save from 20 i
.' to 25, per cent by.buyine frbm- ; our- 1
house, as we own our building, and have no; rent "¦: to add to B
cost of goods. You get the benefit. • . / i '-i->; •>,<..^^_;r; B
1 1017-1023/ AUSSION I
I Above Sixth. Near New Postofficc. I
. EXPE3T OPTICIAH".
Are TOUR GLASSES SOOTHIXO and REST-
FUL? Do they relieve the strain, blurring-
and Urine of^th* ey«»?..Tf not use George
Mayerle's Antiseptic Eyeglass Wipers. 15c; 2
for 25c.
GEORGE MATERLE'S German Syewater.
Perfectly harmless. Makes weak eyes «tron(r.
sore eyes well. Rests tired eyes. Price SO
cents: by mall 62 cents. Send money order or
Wells-Fargo... .
George Mayerle
German Expert Optician. 1071 Market St.
C^* 2 doors from ?th St.
EYES EXAMINED FREE.
Open evenings until D. Phone South 572
Mayerle'* Glasses Are Invariably Recom-
mended by Every Wearer.
SISTEB MAB? BAPTIST
Sister of Mercy. Grasw Valley. Cal.. writes:
Mr. Georce Mayerle— Dear Sir: I am per-
fectly delighted with the stesses you mails
for me.
ISOM GEKEEAL WM. BOOTH.
Salvation Army.
Mr. Mnyerle— D*ar Sir: The': glasses you
made for me are the best that" I ever re-
member uslnjr. Tours faithfully.
"WILLIAM BOOTH.
GSp2 doorni^oni 7th St.
' APVEBTISEMEMTa.
To Be I
Absolutely 1
Sure I
of I
- Good I
Teas I
\ Coffees I
Spices
Baking Powder
and
Good* Things
to Eat
Ext ra Prem turns
this-week
It \pays: 1
. to trade |
Great American Importing Tea Co i
861 Market 1 210 Grant ave. 1410 Polk M
110 Sixth , ¦ ' 1810 Devlsadero 70S Larkin H
473 Haieht - 3txx» Sixteenth ;¦ 355 Hayes' ¦
3285 Mission . 621 Monte' ave. . 62 Market ¦
2008 Fill mor* 251 fi Mission - 146 Ninth H
w>«G Third 2732 24th 4ea Fourth ¦
bbncuuc rORrdarbers. ba.
-DltUollflO kers. ¦ bootblacks, oath-
rf- ¦¦,T-"-,V** ~ i- T, bouse., billiard tabJjs.
brewer*, bookbinders, candy makers.:.car.nc-s.
dyers. Hour mllla, foondrtes.*. laundries, patfr-
hanser»,- printers," painters.- sho« ¦ facto-Jes.,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, 'etc
ABggBKi bvokavah ""°"** T^oWtmI
I Brash Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento StiHoward D. Smith. AL Norton;. "judges
of finish, 'A. W. Smith, M. Klaannan,
H. Dyer; Inspectors, A. Cadogan, A.
Cheek,' C. A. Cantwell; E. Oilman; field
judges, R. Woolsey,- F. L.-Caughey, F.
Koch, J. 1 ; F. Nourse; measurers, Ed.
Hussey, H.' B. Torrey, C. . R: Lewers,
L. C. Hawley; clerk of course, R. R.
Long, .W. A. Powelk^assistant; rnar
ehals,' Blake, Roos; announcer.
Borough; ' starter. Lather, H.' Carey.
The results in detail' follow: .'
100-yard dash, first heat— Won by
Abadie, C; Bubb.' S., second. ' Time,
:10 2-5. Second heat—^Won by Sned
iger, C-; H.' L. Hamilton, S., second.
Time,, :10 1-5. Final heat— Won' by
Vbadie, C; Snedigar, C, second; H. L.
Hamilton. S., third. Time, :10. .
j 220-yard 'dash, first heat— Won by
Grossman, C; Dunn, S., second. Time,
:25. Second heat — Won by H. " L.
Hamilton, S.; Snediger, C, second;
Time, :23 3-5." Final heat— Won by
Dunn, S.; Snedigar, C, second; H. L.
iramilton, S.. third. Time, :22 4-5.
Quarter-mile-r-Won by -, Dunn, S.;
Kern/C, second; N. E. Wllcox, C,
third. Time. .: 52 3-5. ,!.. \
Half-mile — Won by Holman, S.;
Edwards. C, second; Mushier, C, third.
Time, 2:03 2-5. >J^ ; \: ;
One-mile run — Won by Holman, S.;
Hackley, C, second; Newhall, C,
third. Time, 4:40 3-5. ":'i.
Two-mile run— Won by Hackley. C;
Tibbetts, C, second; Moody, C, third.
CARDINAL COLORS WAVE IN TRIUMPH
AT THE INTERCOLLEGIATE FIELD DAY
Stanford's- Brawny^;^ the VMeh From
;the Uriiversky?:of -Calif ornia;f or jtHef Second Year in Succession.
¦ ZK^^ Are Tied
1- N. E." DOLE. THE STANFORD UNIVERSITY POLE'. VAULTER. SHOWN "IN THE UPPER HALF OF THE * ILLUSTRATION.' ES
TABLISHED A" NEW COAST RECORD IN.THIS EVENT YESTERDAY IN THE INTERCOLLEGIATE FIELD DAY W. F.
DUNN, WHO IS .ALSO SHOWN HER ETWTTH. WON' TWO GREAT RACES.
./ Toung. ladles should dress well. . If you have
a irood position BARON, ' the' ladles'- tailor of
702 Market: street. • will clothe you stylishly at
.reasonable figures on weekly pay menu. ; ¦->*. • »:
Every One : Is .Assured V.tSeat^on' tlic
."¦ For.. srenulns -comfort /and pleasure during
a 4, day's ; outing - the - Ckiah • Excursion \ affords
the^opjjortunlty. , There Is no utandlng up .or
even crowding on the train, for the California
.Northwestern Railway limit*' the-'-jiumber} of
tickets ito ; considerably < less than the capacity
of Tthe. cars." The , excursion • on * Sunday, t. April
24." will leave Tlhuron ' Ferry S:3O a. m. and
on . the • return - leave Uklah at ¦ ft : p. m.". Fare
for'the round trip only $2.- .Tickets 'will, be 'on
eale. Monoay, "April IS., at «CO Market street.
Chronicle building,- andVTlburon Ferry, foot of
Market "< stra t."\- ¦"- : '.x » '. "• > V " ' *
I*' At; a sale of miniatures? and snuff
boxes /at ? Christie's, ; in • London, ; - last
.week a Louis XV oblong gold snuff box
by»HainslinlbroukhttS32.«W' i r . - -
Slxty-nve per, cent^of itheiplgiron'fur^
nacesnbrth'Of Kentuckyjare'idlft^, ., '
The Danish Ladies' Relief Society
gave a., pleasant entertainment and
ball last i night ¦ at Saratoga ' Hall,/ 814
Geary street. -The spacious hall and
its large balconies were well crowded.
A v neat suni -was realized' for the re
lief* fund. N* A drama, given in Danish,
and .specialties by Mrs. /Cecelia 1 Cox,'
Mrs: A. *La.rsen(ahd Nick Browri'made
up* the • programme. Dancing followed
the entertainment. ' " . '
Danish Society Gives Ball.
Petitions in , insolvency were 'filed
j-esterday in the United States District
Court as follows: Mario. Lorenzlni-"&
Co., liquor dealers,! San Francisco,:lia
bilities $15,401, assets $5928; the prin
cipal creditors are' Swiss-American
Bank, San Francisco, 12878: L.^Bal
dlno & Co.. Italy, J 4465; 1 Pletrb Rigot
& Sons, Italy. $1266. X. P. Kooser,
broker. San Francisco,^liabilities'-$26,"
251; no assets. The principal creditors
are J. W. Schouteri Lumber Company,
$5000; Western' < Iron Works, _ San
Francisco,' $1376; F.- Reis, " San Fran
cisco, J10;550" '-- '
Pctltions in Insolvency.
1 • : A^ notice r/was bordered *' sent , ; , to \ the
owners '?6l VpVemises / at * 731-735 '*' Sac- 1
Federal,. ; State rand; City.' Health
• A Boards >.. Tak'e, Furtlier 'Steps ;*-. to
. • ; : Improve Chinese Quarter. ¦
- .The Federal, '.State .and { City, Health
boards £h«ld } aVmcetihg ¦'. yesterday/ at
6 41~: Merchant? street : to =-heai* j reports
as ' to the sanitary -jvbrk -in^ ChinatownV
Dr. 1 ;• Blue' repprted • that; a campaign' for
the: ; extermination*, of X'rats-i isK\belng
waged Hn[ :'the ."district ¦ with < the . of
Pasteur^ virus. '".;; .... :. , ' ,.\ r ....*.
i""^Dr!^Foster 'suggested that ; the ; . Fed-,
erkl "¦ authorities .^ be ¦. requested | to dis
infect i ships/ entering ..American^ ports
f or / the :¦ of . ; destroying ,'jrats.'
The lbcalBoardor Health was autho>r
ized - tbVpurchase 'a rportabler' sterilizer:'
'-¦¦¦'; Chairman vRegensberger ;] appointed
Drs. Ward, * Hassler " t and .. Foster i as , a
commltte'e 4 on," organization.^;' Deputy
Health- Officer^ Levy :¦ was "instructed ! to
in English' and
[Chineke^tp^cautibn Chinese^ f ro'm ex^
/-', ,'
, The- boycott' that ihadvbeen.placied on
the TUnique/ Theater ' has '.% been > raised,
"as the; management^complied^withl the
demands of^the; MuslciansV Union; that
it employ; nonej but 'union jbUnds.//,:' \ '¦
1^77 ~ ¦-...¦.¦ ,•¦ -."-¦¦.,:./-¦,.,. -¦::¦: ¦¦ -.
president, 'James' McTieirney ; *- record^
ing secretary, George Sahdlrnan;*flhan
cial secretary,; J.^ P. .McCabe ; treasurer,
M.\ J.I Hogan ; organizer,;. P. ' H. Ba r ry ;
conductor, ; Edward-: Gibson; 'sentinel,
H. Jenssen ; • - 7 trustees-r^G. ; ; Sandlman.
Edward, Grileb:. and i James '/Cranna;
executive ' board— P. / H.' " Barry. Vv T.
Healy, J. McTierfiey ; ¦' delegates to ' the
Labor . CouncilfrP-; : ; Hy \ Barry, {; T.
Healy, D. ; "Brosnan •" and . .T.v.Regan;
delegates ' to' Iron. .Trades \ Councilor
James J.rMcDade,: D. v 'O^Brien
George 1/^12^-. '
' Retail. Delivery- Drivers*^— President,
J./J. Connolly;/, ¦. vice" {presidenCijH.
Pf lihl ; ..recording : secretary,^ Ed'; J.JHe
welckev treasurerAW." F.~Grace;jflnan
clal, se'eretary, \ W.' G. ; Lorlng;^'trustees
—^W. ' J. .-; Rourke,. ': F. H.*. M cHugh J arid
Gebrge ; : : White/:.;:^: •¦'-/! ¦-. '.•'<'', € J \ \ •¦
- ; .»:•'¦ ¦¦¦. / h^^'v^.. .- \
razn'e'nto .. street ' that^if ;did not
put' the prernfses-In 'sanitary : condition
the .¦l-building'rwill .be and
ordered^vaqated.";'-':"' »^ : .'-T'''' : '\C.'
. It was* decided'to f sprinkje the streets
of -Chinatown vwl£h-_a r: solution? of ; .bl
chloirldelthreeltlmesTaJwee^Jt^A^reao- -
lution was ; - adopted. freqtiestin|r>the >
Board ; of Supervisors ftd ?prlnt '
from • the • Health ¦ HulletinVand {notices .
against ' violations- of ;, sanitary "ordi- '
nances. -. ' ';-.''i<?;\ 'X- <^ ? i ;.'%••• * ¦•¦
Anna Held v and her show girls will
not monopolize. the gorgeous costum
ery in the 'Columbia Theater this even
ing! for there is ; likely to be both^va
riety/bf."bright coloring and richness
of material in -the garments displayed
by .the : occupants of trie upper boxes,
air of which' have been reserved for his
imperial 'Highness, Prince' du Lu'n of
China, his* suite,". Chow Tszhl,' first sec
retary, [of ¦'¦ the - Chinese . legation at
Washington, .and the officials of the
local Chinese ' consulate. The bright
ness of the stage pictures will be en
hanced'by. the brilliance in the boxes.
It is ; -approprlat« that Anna Held'3
engagement/ at vthe Columbia ; should
close . so ' auspiciously, 1 for in , the en
tire "history of that playhouse there
has /been* no attraction. that gave such
unqualified- satisfaction to all . classes
of theater goers." To the management
It has proved a pecuniary triumph and
Its" artistic success assures the clever*
comedienne a rousing reception when
she again' conies to San -Francisco. : .
Anna Held's Final Performance at the
'.Columbia Will Be a Ratlier
? , . - ; Auspicious Event.
agreed upon by all the parties . con
cerned. A trip to Alaska was neces
sary. Before this agreement . * was
reached Attorney N. Soderberg. father
of Walter H. Soderberg.'; was retained
as the attorney of l^ie Swedish Cove
nant. He conferred with Dr. Johnson
and it was settled that the hearing
of testimony before the. arbitration
board should take place in , Chicago
and not in Alaska.V The _ hearing.; was
begun early in February last and' tes
timony was taken up to March 19. A
great volume of evidence accumulated.
The surviving Eskimo boy, went on
to Chicago and what he had to say
was translated. There were three ar
bitrators — David F. Lane," who: was
selected by Hultberg; R. A. Pence of
Pence & Carpenter of Chicago, repre
senting Johnson, and Judge Hiram F/
Gilbert of Chicago, who was elected
by the other arbitrators to sit with
them, according to the agreement
reached in Alaska.- -The decision'. is
without appeal, so * says Mr. ' Soder
berg, and the property, now belongs
without doubt to the Swedish Evan
gelical Covenant. Associated with N.
Soderberg as counsel for the covenant
were Frank F/Qujnn.. of .Peoria, 111.,
and Harris Williams of Chicago. - •
CHINESE PRINCE AND PARTY
; . '-WILL .ATTEND THEATER
To find standing and moving accom
modations for over 1000 ».. persons
where BOO would be a crowd was the
quan dry... that presented itself to the
committee | having: , 'the arrangements
for the housewarming reception given
by the Waiters' Union at its new, quar
ters on Turk street last night. The
rooms on both floors were handsomely
decorated for j the occasion by a pro
fusion of . "-.handsome bunting. Pots
containing live plants were tastefully
set in positions along, the hallways
and ': around tthe rooms, ' which lent , a
charming effect to the. surroundings.
In. opening the evening's entertain
ment President George. B. Benhanv of
the Labor Council/made a short)ad
dress of welcome to the invited guestsr
after which dancing' was one of the
features ¦ of I the j evenfng's entertain
ment' for such as could manage : to
squeeze ; themselves- into .waltzing-;po
sitions inthe large'dining-room. Light
refreshments " were; served by willing
hands l*> all. Those, who were present
will long remember the housewarming
given by/ Local No. ?30. .-
A strike of the Bakers' Union
threatens "unless * the p master bakers
agree to the' new schedule about tobe
presented union, which will be
offered on ;or before the first of next
month.-
The proposed schedule .calls for an
increase of $ 2 a \ week over ; the present
rate. This measure ¦ is objectionable "'¦ to
the ; . master : bakers and * it : is ..thought
they will resist '" the demand. V Should
this occur ' there will rbeTa ; shortage of
bread?; in: the > homes •- of - such/- of ..the
people as /depend i on- 1 the' bakers'^
wagons for. their dailysupply. "7 .
The i following : officers > were ; elected
by, their respective .unions .for , the cur
rent term of six months: :
i Ship ;.'arid ; : Machine /'Blacksmiths'— '-,
Past' president, James ?tJ.rMcDade;
Large Crowd Attends Opening of , New
Turk-Street . Quarters.
WAITERS GIVE RECEPTION.
REPORT/ ON -SANITARY ¦*';': ' ,' : . .'
- . ; 'i '-V WORK ,INj.'CHINATO\\'N ;
i^Referee,' John Elliott ; •' timers," Colonel
Edwards,'/ Dr. J'Angel, . T.- A. •" Storey,
"'The' track; was. slightly . heavy, owing
to"sdmeVshbwers /during morning,
otherwise", a , number v y'of^new«- marks
¦.would'!; surely/ have j been established * ln^
the '.running. events,'', especially/ in % the
mile. ',. 'Referee, John 'Elliott : and Jtne'
btlier/ offlelals ,. performed -their
acceptably : "and ; ; there\was ; no/ drag in
the'- ¦programme.' ; ,'-More*thaii'. 2O00 "spec
tators filled; the stands ? *ahd cheered : on
their^reprcsentatlves .to mighty deeds.
•The ib/Reials., were :','_,*;"/' •' : ; - ,'
.' .The" hammer j throwers are not,- up to
the 'class' of. Plaw," the irecord holder.'
The ", best Crawford ; or Stanford ; "could
do. was'i33[Wet/5'3-4r inches as ;agalnst
Plaw/s .record. of 153 feet 10:1-2 inches. ' ¦'
ners j and had ¦ a : slight ¦ lead in » points
until i. the i> broad ; Jump . ; . wa^ : reached."
Stanford .took all three places '_ in. this
e'yent v ;and' assumed 'the lead ; In- corh
petltich :'for points. *: -Berkeley ; won the
relay,' .buti the : Stanford team increased
its -lead"; by "taking , the hammer throw
and'the pole vault. ' -' ..
; ¦Berkeleyi'started.well, Abadie repeat
ing.hlsvictory of lastyear In' the "hun
dred,"^which;he.wonjn 10 seconds. .He
barely/ breasted * the .tape; in front . of
his 'teaml;mate,'Snedigar. /The "Berke
ley • men 'showed ; the' greater endurance
in* the;* trying two-mile \ run, ~ the j three
'c6htestarits"to"fihlsh > the.distan<'e ; wear-"
ing "the blue^and*. gold colors. , Hackley,
established a new, coast- record!!ln 'this.
>' CINDER PATH ' IS' HEAVY.
Bfoad . Jump— Won by- West," . S.', : 2 1
feet 1 0 - inches ; ' Henley, S., . seco'nd. « 2 1
feet - 4 inches;*;Bell, > S., third, 21- feet
3' inches. '{^-'^ "-. !».-'. '. -". ?;"$'.(
." Pole . vault-^Won • by. .Dole/ S., height
11' feet ' S'ii'inches;*, Beach, '_ S., second ;
Syrames^C. 1^ third. * ." ' '.*•'• • V"-
' High ; Jump— Bell. S. ; N. E. 5 Dole, C^
and 'Cooley.iC.. 1 tied for first place at
5 feet I!,? inches. v —
.Hammer throw— -Won by Crawford,
S.,' 133 feet 5% Inches; Sperry, C, sec
ond, 133 feet 5 inches ;' Zacharias, C,
third; 127 feet "9. inches. ,. .. y :
.-.^ Sixteen- pound * shotput--Woh by p.
if.' Hyde, S. >^ 4 5 feet 6 W inches«(Amer
ican* intercollegiate record) ; "Gilmore,
C, second, 40' feet 6 Inches; Crawford,
S., third, 39 > ife©t" 10 , inches.' ; • ,-*„;_
Time, .' 10:21' 4-5.va Former ' record,
10:29. -V.-..,;' ,"..-. r • . vi*- ": * ¦ ¦ -\
¦. * Mile -relay i race— Won by University
of ; California team — Adler, Howard,
Thomas and Kern."
120-yard hurdles, first heat — Won by
Ball, S. ; Meany, C, second. Time,
:16 4-5. 1 Second heat— Won by Frel,
C; Lanagan," S., second. Time,
: 16 3-5. .« Final heat — Won' by Liana*
gan,- S.; Meany,. C, second; Frei,. C.»
third. s Time, :16 2-5. - . V;
. 2 2 0-yard, hurdles, .first ,heat-^-Won
by McFarlaind, S.; Frel,' ' C, second.
Time, : 26 2-5. Second heat — Won by
Lanagan, 'S/;*Hume,' C'second. ' Time,
:26 1-5. Final heat — Won by , Lana
gan, : S.; McFarland, S./ second." " Time,
:22 4-6.;l*r ¦'¦ ¦ ' ¦ ¦-. ." V ." ¦ '" ¦' :
The cardinal colors of,Stanford;.Uni
versity v waved-: in- "triumph; yesterday
on the athletic, field at'; Palo, Alto flnfthe.
twelfth i intercollegiate* meet j with;' the
University of (California. For 'ten years
the best the Stanford ?- men "could-'do
was to tie the .weareraof .the.blue'and
gold. On the other occasions .the ' score,
with but few exceptions, •: was* a'" top
heavy one.' . Stanford turned; the tables
last yearj winning' by^ a score* of . 64 [ to
54. They; Improved j upon' - : this yesterr
day by /rolling ¦ up : ' a total; of/ 69; points
to their, opponents' ' 53. ~\ ¦¦¦¦* .. ¦¦'¦¦'¦ "•"_ ¦'
In the 'fourteen ' events' the
athletes 'from' Stanford - finished ,' first
eleven times, 'while 'Berkeley '¦ could
place but three ' winners over the^tape.
Dunn of Stanford won : the \ 220 ; and
yard dashes. r'Holmari.Y'the ' Stanford
captain, accounted ; for the.-? half .'mile
and mile, runs, : while Lariagarv' proved
the cleverest- of 'the timber* ; toppers,
taking both' the hurdle events cleverly."
Dole. performed ¦ up r . to expectations ' in
the pole vault,- establishing. a new coast
record of - 11 'feet ¦ 8% v ihches.V , : ; ' " •' -' ,; 5
. O. E. Hyde,- another ;^Stanford-; man,
raised Plaw's f ormer/shotput frecord : of
42 feet'; 8% J inches * to ; 45 feet '6% t Inches.
It was : announced | that s ? this i. was*' i sin
American j intercolleglate^recprd; y . ¦ This
Is possibly / an, errbr,>as ?the 'latest' list
of records creditsF. Beck of -Yale with
aput of '46;feet;,npt^44 feet'8%^inches.
as • the j programme, ahnbunced: -;[' < -.. £
I The ' University -. [of S. California V* was
strong in y second .and :thlr'd> place 'win-
Knight said the defendant would not
consent, and District Attorney Bying
ton said it would be. agreeable to him
for , the. clerk to take the exhibits to
the. Police Court for Inspection.
The Judge thereupon made an order
to the .'effect that the clerk take the
exhibits to the Police Court, but that
he must- not,. under any circumstances,
allow them to. leave his hands. Any
witness could inspect them and they
could be referred to according to the
numbers they already bore, but must
not be' again marked as exhibits.
I.'.:'-"---/- \ ¦
"During my absence from. the city,"
continued the JudgV "I received a tele
gram as to the exhibits, which had
been placed in the vault. They were
wanted for use in the Police Court.
If the defendant consents they can go
to the Police Court, but if not they
cannot go. as the defendant Is entitled
to have them in the same condition
pending the'-, motion for a new trial.
It was -for. that reason that I refused
the request. . If the defendant does not
consent the clerk can take them to
the Police Court for. inspection, but
they- must not leave his hands to be
marked as exhibits." $¦&&£
Judges to advise with him as to the
motion.
Mrs. Botkin was in court looking in
perfect health and was accompanied
by her sister, Mrs. Roberts. Both of
her attorneys, George A. Knight and
Frank McGowan, were present, and as
soon as the case was called^Knight
rose and asked that It go over for two
weeks and that the court make an
order to have the argument of the
District Attorney reduced to writing.
The Judge said that all of the argu
ment could not be reproduced; only
the exceptions noted during the argu
ment. He therefore made an order to
that effect, the same to Include any
exceptions noted in the argument- of
the Assistant District Attorney.
The case was then continued till April
SO, on the understanding that* a mo
tion for a new trial .will be .argued
at that time. Judge -Cook said he
wanted to arrange for some cf the other
Mrs. Cordelia Botkin was not for
mally sentenced to imprisonment for
life by Judge Cook yesterday for the
murder of Mrs. Elizabeth Dunning by
sending her a box of poisoned candy
to Dover, Del., in August, 1S98."
the request of her attorneys the case
was continued for two weeks. £,
SUPERIOR Jl'DGE CARROLL COOK. WHO YESTERDAY CONTINUED THE CASE
OK COJOJELIA BOTKIN FOK TWO WEEKS TO ENABLE HER ATTORNEYS
TO PREPARE ARGUMENTS ON MOTION FOR A NEW TRIAL.
"Yes, • we . are," replied j the . interna?
tional president. "It is; my belief that
both sides. arc anxious i to get together
in the matter and avoid further, com
plications—at: least that is the purpose
of the carmen, and I am sure the offi
cials of the United "Railroads arerdls
posed toward peace! As \ the situation
now stands, there 'will be nothing done
by either/side until Monday."
Manager Chapman declined to dis
cuss the conference, stating that. there
was . nothing the company cared - to
make public. * -
"We'are very h6pefulof adjusting the
difficulty /peaceably," ' said t ; Mr. Mahon
last evening:,,- "At the conference ; to-day
we presented the justice of< the cpn^
cessions asked by the carmen, and were
accorded a very pleasant reception by
the ofliclals:_of the United Railroads.
The* conference was adjourned until
Monday, when further consideration of
the difficulties will be had. Beyond
that there is nothing of Importance to
divulge."
\"Are you hopeful of an amicable set
tlement ?" was asked. -
HOPES. FOR; SETTLEMENT.
At the conclusion of Mr. Mahon's ar
gument, it is. authoritatively stated, the
company declined to make aj-eply, but
it is said agreed to again meet the rep
resentatives of the Carmen's Union on
Monday to hear whatever further they
had Ho say.
The attitude of the company, is taken
to mean " that the reply of Manager
Chapman to the recent lengthy state
ment issued by the Carmen's Union' is
the final declaration of the attitude of
the United Railroads , in the contro
versy and that -no concessions will, be
made the carmen. That a strike is now
even more probable than hitherto *is
generally the belief of those in- close
touchy jvith rejjU^rt taa.tiojw|espit£.
the; hopeiuir feel ifig^xpr>ss^<^b*y> the'
omcera^ of the 'Carmen's Uhldh. • V ;\;
The 1 conference ; came to' a ;close "tat
4:30 o'clock." ;! David Young: then- pro^
ceeded" with .Mr. Mahon -Xo. the 'apart
ments of : the latter iirthe'-. Grand Ho
tel, where. a. brief conference was held,
the nature of which: was not* made pub
lic . .' ¦>:¦¦'• ,:v*- ; ~ '-. '¦.'¦,''- ' ' V ; .' :
COMPANY STANDS FIRM.
In a final effort to secure the conces
sions sought without recourse to a
strike, the officers of the Carmen's Un
ion, accompanied by W. D. Mahon,
president of the Amalgamated Associa
tion of Street and Electric Railway
Employes, yesterday conferred with the
officials of the United Railroads. The
session lasted more than two hours, but
no material results were -attained.
Those that met in the offices of the
United Railroads were: Manager.Chap
man, two directors of the company and
David Young, representing 1 Brown
Bros., financiers of the road, on the one
side, andVi*. D. Mahon, President Cor
nelius and Secretary Bowling, appear
ing for the Carmen's Union, on the
other. The conference opened in Man
ager Chapman's office shortly after 2
o'clock. President Mahon took up sepa
rately the demands of the carmen and
argued the Justice of each. He stated
that the carmen sought an amicable
adjustment o? the points at issue, and
asked that the United Railroads give
the demands of the men further con
sideration.* asserting that the union
was ready to meet the company half
way. . ' -' J
Ne Reply Made to Carmen's
Overtures-— Conference Is
to Be Continued To-Day
COMPANY REMAINS FIRM
Talks With Officials of the
United Railroads in the
• Hope of Averting a Strike
MAHON ARGUES
UNION'S CAUSE
ESKIMOS BIZI.VG SUIT.
One of the early developments was
a suit In behalf of the Eskimo boy,
Constantino, and the heirs of the other
Eskimo boy, Gabriel. The last named
lad Is reported to have died in desti
tution in Nome. This suit was dis
posed of- by compromise. The claim I
in dispute was conveyed by Anderson
to Dr. Claes \VJ Johnson of Chicago^
who af* ~afed in the subsequent pro
ceedings as the absolute owner of the
White Stnr Mining Company, to which
the mine was conveyed. ; Last June,
at the apnual conference of the Swed
ish Evangelical Covenant, the mining
property was talked about and it was
decided to proceed to get possession
V* iL
After some time a plan for the for
mation of an arbitration board was
Walter H. Soderberg has received a
dispatch from Chicago from N. Soder
berg, which contains news that will
be of Interest to every Scandinavian in
the United Slates, to every miner and
T;,«rson interested in raining in the
Nome district and to countless others
v ho have watched the progress of
somewhat unusual proceedings.
The essential point contained in the
dispatch is that the arbitrators ap
pointed to determine rival claims to
the famous mining claim, "No. 9
Above," en Anvil Creek, have decided,
at Chicago, thut to the Swedish Evan
gelical Covenant of America of Chi
cago belongs the property, and with
the decision goes an award of $263,600
for gold taken from the claim. This
sum is supposed to be recover
able. The pioperty is estimated to
have at least $100,000 of value remain
ing in it, so that the decision gives to
the Swedish Society practically ;3t>3,G0f)
for the purpose ot prosecuting mission
ary work among the natives of Alaska.
There Is quite a story co-nnected with
.the famous mining claim, its discov
ery and operation. In the arbitration
that has Just come to a close. P. H.
Anderson end the White Star Mining
kTompany and Claes W. Johnson of
T hicago were the parties nominally In
terested. Back of them was the Swed
l*h religic-us society and Its hope of
converting to Christianity the natives
of Alaska. The original idea in the
staking out of the claim on Anvil
Creek was to^ provide means to carry
on the missionary work among the
Eskimos. The mining land in the
claims is 1320x600 feet in dimensions.
The Swedish Evangelical Covenant c-f
America of Chicago some years ago
established a missionary station at
Golovin Bay nr.d also other mission
stations in Alaska. The Rev. Dr. X.
O. J'ultbers was given charge of the
Colovin Bay station. There were build
ings, beats and other conveniences at
li'.at place for eatrying on missionary
v«uk. Among the picturesque acces
sories .WJiS. a herd of reindeer. Holt
berg made ui» the first party that vis
ited the JCotne difUiA, xrhich was in
lM'V On that occasion no claims were
staked out. Retiring "to Golovin Bay.
ai.wilitrr pajty i<_- visit Nome was plan
iitJ by H tilt berg.. He was taken ill
end he soon alter left Alaska to return
v. the L r nited States. He left P. I-L
in charge of tfce mission sta
tion at CSolovin Bay.
FIirST CLAIMS STAKED.
The second uarty from Golovin Bay
went tp Nome in September, 189S. On
this <recask:n claims were staked. The
party staked for themselves and for
their friends and associates. Then, ac
cording to the story that has . formed
the basis of the decision Just rendered
in Chicago, the minds of the visiting
Swedes turned to the idea of staking
for the benefit of the missionary work
among the native? in Alaska. A claim
va? staked out for P. H. Anderson.
The famous "No. 9" was intended for
the benefit of the mission work. This
Claim was set aside in the name of
two Eskimo boys called Constantine
and Gabriel by the Swedes. Before the
claims were recorded advice was re
ceived that Eskimos cc-uld not hold
the property and that it was better
to relocate in the name of a citizen
.of the ITnited States. Accordingly "No.
was located in the name of L. W.
Price of Sonora, Cal., by G. W. Price,
en attorney. Soon after this It was
conveyed ttr P. H. Anderson, who was
in charge of the missionary station at i
Golovin Bay.
The claim proved to be very rich.
It has produced hundreds of thou
sands of dollars, possibly $400,000
ebove the cost of production. Out of
this grew the controversy that has
mirred the Scandinavians in the United
Ftates and has figured in the delibera
tions in one annual conference of the
Swedish Evangelical Covenant of
America. Anderson-held on to, the
property standing in his name and to
much of the proceeds therefrom.
Walter N. Soderbcrg and the Rev. Dr.
Hultberg became Interested. Soder
b«»rg suggested a visit to Chicago and
the facts relating to the location of
the "No. 9" c)aim were discussed thor
oughly. In the meantime the claim
had been worked between three and
four years by Anderson. He donated
at different times something: like
t*:?.000 in total to the Swedish Evan
ffCt^cal Covenant. Suit was threatened
for the recover}' of the mine, but this
was obviated by a binding agreement
on the part of the parties in interest to
abide by any decision that should be
reached by arbitration.
Long Contention Secures Not
Less Than $350,000 for
Evangelization of Alaska
;
AJZBITBATOBS SO DECREE
Famous "No. 9" Upon Anvil
Creek and $250,000 Go to
Swedish Missions by Award
COVENANT WINS
MINE AT NOME
ATTORNEYS FOR MURDERESS
SECURE A BRIEF RESPITE
' : '•:¦'*¦¦¦' -., r ¦': ¦¦ ¦ ---'•.¦"¦¦ '
Sentence Upon Mrs. Botkin Postponed for Two Weeks.
Clerk Ordered to Take Exhibits to. Police Court
but Is Directed Not to Let Them Leave His Hands
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, , APRIL 17, 1904:Our Bessie will henceforth occupy a
ennspicuous place in the Oakland track
gallery of favorites. The .Texas bred
mare showed the way across the line
to quite a select gathering in the mile
and an eighth handicap across the bay
yesterdaj', and from the noisy demon
stration her victory was a popular one.
Bessie had but 9S pounds to handle,
and as Joe Jones was carded to do
the riding two-thirds of the big Satur
day crowd evinced a pronounced liking
for the Lone Star State beauty. She
closed a 9 to 5 favorite, and while her
margin over Grafter at the close was
scarcely wide, enough to prevent the
perspiration from -starting to flow un
der the hatband. It answered all finan-
. A ..freichtcar -load ¦ of coin was
burned *ur» over" the indifferent show
ing* made by, Byronerdale,' 'the ; 7 to 1 5
favorite' for the pile and" 100-yard sell
ing number.'-; "Jack" Crane's gelding
had*Crosswaite on his' backif and both
Colonel" Van and Kitty Kelly slipped
away from him at the start/. The for^
met. "piloted ' by ? Dugan, outstayed
Kitty.- reaching ; the tape first- by haJf
a length.- The- first choice managed
.Two rank outsiders, Criss Cross and
El Piloto. fou&ht it out for the third
purse. Jimmy Coffoy's Ocyrohe on form
looked far and away the best of the
•¦even starters, and from 7 to 5 the
colt's edds were forced down to
11 to 10.. Crosswaite furnished a slov
enly ride, and the favorite was for
tunate to . get the show.'; After First
Chip had shot his,; bolt Criss Cross, a
15 to 1 /shot,'- with" Dugan in the saddle,
won from El Piloto by less than a
length in a driving finish." WigginB, a
well-backed one. played in poor racing
luck.- ' . " ' \/ V - .,
There was a liberal sprinkling of out
siders again, Canejo, Criss Cross and
Colonel Van paying their respects at
most advantageous quotations. Wager
and Our .Bessie endeavored to uphold
the prestige of the favorites.
Among: others, Flaneur and St. Wlnnl
fride ducked the issue in the intro
ductory six-furlong sprlnU This left,
W.ager, n winner of the day previous,
to ro to the post a 3 to 2 favorite.
The only one. to give. the Wagner geld
ing an argument was the 20 to 1 shot
Modder, which was .-finally beaten out
nearly a length. Nullah closed strong
ly, losing the place by a, neck. Nanon
looked dangerous to the stretch, where
she began falling back. , /
Canejo made such an indifferent show
ing On Wednesday, though, of course,
mixed up with better horses, that ii(
the betting on the mile and 100 yards
event the mare received but little con
sideration. Th6 price about her drift
ed to 20 and 40 tol, and. with Her
bert in the saddle, she came home half
a length before The Counselor, a well
played one. Watklns Overton. the .6
to. S -favorite, -was ubout due to' spring
something, and couldn't run fasi
enough to raise a scrape, finishing un
placed. Harry "".Stover's "Illowaho". led
into the- stretch; where 'he. .began to
falter,, ond ran an indifferent third.
CRISS CROSS A WINNER.
THREE OUTSIDERS LAND.
The favorite, never a fast heginner,
laid away in fourth position, while Hy
ron Rose and' Illilouon shaped up the
early running. Jones made his move
on the stretch turn, and less than a
furlong from home had Eessie in front,
and everything looked bright and
cheerful. -Suddenly, like all of his ilk.
Grafter, with Crosswalte up. made a
"quick lamb," and was beaten out but
a head, both riders driving hard. By
ron Rose finished third and Veterano
fourth.
cial purposes
NEW YORK, April 16. — The fol
lowing Califomians arc rpgistered
here: From San Francisco — <;. J.
Armstrong. Mortimer N. Thompson,
at the Grand Union: G. J. Donovan,
Albert F. Javme and wife. Mrs. I. S.
Lfv.is. at the Holland.
From San Diego — G. S. Murphy, at
th* Westminster.
From Santa Barbara — S. I. White,
at the New Amsterdam. V .
From Los Angeles — G. R. Boal. nt
the Astor House; D. H. Elder, at the
Pt. Denis.
Califomians In Xetv Vork.
LOS ANGELES. April 16. — The
champions broke the winning streak
of Tacoma to-day and took their first
pime of the series by the score of 3
to 2. The came was won in the ninth
inning and the decisive run was scored
with one man out. It was a fast, close
game. Had Overall been given good'
support the Tigers would have made
ii five straight. The big pitcher was
.In fine form and allowed but five hits.
Costly errors, however, principally
poor throwing by Eagan. probably
los"t the game. Wheeler pitched a
great game and was backed up well by
the fielders. With the score one all
at the end of the eighth Tacoma made
one in the ninth and Los Angelos went
to bat needing two runs. A base on
balls, an error, a sacrifice and two
hits in succession brought victor}' to
the locals. Attendance 2500. Score:
I.** AnrHe*— 4 Tacoma—
AB.n. H. T\A.| AB.R. H. P.A.
¦nrtird. «>f.4 O © 1 1 Casey, 2b.3 1112
Floo<1, 2b.3 10 2 4'Sh*hn. Sb.3 OO1O
¦F-i-itth. 3b.2 1 1 2 ¦ : Nrfk. lb.4 O 1 10 1
Orvih, rf.3 0 0 4 1 Eapan. n.4 12 3 2
K. 'w. If.. 3 1 1 3 0 l-.yr.ch. cf.4 0 12 0
<T)ase. lb.« O 2 II 1 M'Lcn. lf.3 0 0 10
Taynid, t.'.i 0 0 3 3 Hr.ivn. rf.4 0 2 4 0
Fp!--*. c.3 O © 1 O Grahm. c.2 O O 3 3
Wheelr, i>.3 © 1 O S Ovrall. p.3 O O « 3
Total*. 28 3 S 27 17 Totals. ."0 2 7*23 11
•One out when winning run »¦•« "¦cored.
IHWS AND HITS 13V INNINGS.
l^oc Anfreles 00001000 2— 3
Huff hit* 1AO0110© 2— 5
Tarcma 0 0 1 O O O O 0 J— 2
Hate hit* 01310000 2—7
SUMMAltT.
Ftolen hat* — Graham. Krror» — Raymond,
racan <2>. Hannlvan. Overall (2). Two-base
hit* — Hannlvan. Lynrh and Kagan. Hacrifice
hit* — Mcl^aucrhlln. Cravath. Flrrt base on er
rors — Lr-f AmreteB 2. Tnooina I. l>pft on hasea
— I«r-« Anpp)ei« 5 TV-coma 5. Bpsm-* on balls —
*»ff Whepler. •": off Overall. 4 Struck out — By
Overall. 1. lv>uL1<» p'-ayp — Graham to NoMyke
to Grahum: Wln*l»r to Flood to Chap*-. Time
of (mwf — One hour anJ thirty-five minute*.
fmpire— Hnj-tcn;
la n Close Game.
Break the Winning Sti-eak of Tacoma
ANGELS SCORE AT LAST.
Hlldebrand. MeCreedle. Time of game — 1:45,
Umpire — O'Connell." ¦ ;
St. Louis Race Results.
ST. LOUIS, April 16.— Fair Grounds
results:
First race, six furlongs, selling—
Tempt won. Frank Rice second, Clif
ton Boy third. Time, 1:15%.
Second race, four furlongs — Chdnrc
won. Sonya second. Pique third. Time,
:49»£.
Third race, mile and seventy yards
— The Regent won. Topright =!f?cond.
South Breeze third. Time, 1:44 V£.
Fourth race, six furlongs, handicap
— Malster won, Scorpio seconi, Frank
Bell third. Time, 1:15..
Fifth race, one and an eighth miles,
selling— Bugle Horn won. Larry Wilt
second, Sister Lillian third. Time.
l:5CVi.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Pretension
won. Walterin second, Tenny Belie
third. Time, 1:15%.
The Cogswell girls' basket ball
team defeated the San Frar <-'.-«co Glrln*
High School team yfterrfay at th?
armory, Gough and Page streets ty
a score of. 17 to 4. .--,V .
Cogswell Girls Victors.
Some interesting tennis matches were
played yesterday afternoon on the Cali
fornia Club courts. All of the cracks
were out. and the tennis as a rule wai
high class. Clarence • Griffln of the
Golden Gate Club tried conclusions with
the California Club cracks. The young
park player did not win his matches,
but made a good showing.
He played a three-set match with
Will Allen. The latter lest the first set.
but when he got fairly started took the
next two handily.
Griffin played one set. with Frank
Mitchell. The latter won by the close
score of 6^ — 4. % a fd
Frank Stringham and Sidney Salis-J
bury played a close doubles match
with Tracy Crawford and Hary Rolfe.
Salisbury and Stringham lost the first
pet. but won the next three, the last
two being very close.
Dr. Hill and Mitchell played good
tennis when they won two straight sets
from Allen and Griffin. Both sets were
close and hard fought.
One of thp best matches of the day
was a one-set affair between Griffin
and Hill and Allen and Crawford. The
former won by the close score of 11—9.
Crawford took Rolfe into camp easily
in straight sets.
The following matches were played:
Will Allen beat Clarence Griffin. 2—6
6—3. 6 — 1: Sidney Salisbury and Frank
Stringham beat Tracy Crawford anJ
Hary Rolfe. 4—6. 6—2. 9— 7. 6—4; Pritch
nrd beat Little, 6—4: Lloyrt Baldwia
beat Hugh Hume. &— 3. 6—1; H. Gabriel
beat A. Lagarde. 6 — 0. 6 — 1; Frank
Mitchell beat Griffin, 6—1: Mitchell and
Dr. Hill beat Alien and Griffln. 6—
6—3: Will Allen tied Mitchell. 6—4. 4— *J
Dr. Lovegrove and Baldwin beat Hum*
and Harry Hai?ht. C— 2, &— 3. 7—5: Dr.
Noble ajid Pritcnard beat Little and H.
Lis3er, 6—2, 4—6. 6^-0, 6—1; O. Beyfus*
and Gus Lissy beat McKee and
O'Rourke. 6—2. 2—6, 6— 3; Dr. Philip
beat H. E. Punnett, 6—3. 6 — 4: Griffin
and Hill beat A'len and Crawford,
11—9: Crawford Wat l;olf*. 6— 2. 6—3:
Haight beat Lovegrove, 6 — I; Noble
beat Little. 6—2.
Cogswell Defeats Wilmerding/
The Cogswell College baseball team
played against the Wilmerding School
team .yesterday morning on the Pre
sidio: reservation, Cogswell winning
by a score of 10 to 9. Morden and
Hoffman -were "the battery for the
winning team and Fegrene and Da
girio officiated fQr the Wilmerdings.
IBERG PITCHES qREAT BALL.
Proves Steady While the Fresno Fan9
Try to Rattle Him.
FRESNO, April 16.— While the
score, 1 to 0. in favor of San Fran
cisco, is a thin one, there was little of
the stuff in to-days' game that makes
the fans' blood tingle. Iberg pitched
great ball and kept his head in the
fifth Inning when all bases were full
and the fans went after him in an en
deavor to force him up in the air. The
game was rather slow. Score:
San Francisco — Portland — „ .
- AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.,
Waldrn.cf 4 0 0 2 1 Drnan.cf 4 0 0 II »
JUldbnd.lf 2 113 OjNadau.lf 4 0.1 3 0
Meany.rf. 4 0 2 2 OtFrmn.lb 4 0 0 10 1
Irwin,3b.. S 0 O 2 4lBeck,2b..4 0 1-81
Massey.lb 4 O 2 10 o;shea,c. 4 O 2 3 I
Andrsn.2b 4 0 0 3 3,Castro,s. 4 0 0 0 2
Schhieer.s 3 0 11 :; Frncs.3b 4 0 2 12
r.orton.c. 4 0 0 4 1 MCrde.rf 2 0 0 10
Knelt.p.. 3 0 2 0 1 Ibirjr.p.. 2 0 0 0 8
Totals. 31 18 27 131 Totals .32 0 »J 24 12
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 0 10 O 0 x— 1
Base hits .......0 0 12 1 "22 x— S
Portland ....:..... 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 u 0-0
Base hits !• 2 0 1110 0 0-6
SUMMARY,
Errors— Anderson <2). Castro. Two-base hit
— Meany.- Sacrifice hits— Hlldebrand, lr*win.
First base on errors — San Francisco 1. Port
land 2. First base on called balls — Off Knell
1 off Iber« 1. Lfft en bases— San Francisco
10 Portland 8. Struck out— By Knell 4. by
tb'erj: 3. Double plays — "N'nldron to Anderson
to Schmee-r; Irwln to Massey. Hit by pitcher —
: Some. time' ago-. F. N. Hayes claimed
Muresca from M.D. Miller. -In retalia
tion Joe Stern? trainer for the latter,
bid up-Criss Cross from $500 to $800.
You ng : Fltzpatrlck, ", who 'i rode • Veter-,
ano. la.'a.Bon-of .the: old-time favorite,
'•Dare-devil": Fitzpatrick. ¦•-:.
. , Colonel Anderson would have expe
rienced some difficulty ; in *¦¦'•¦ subduing
Colonel Van; had they clashed again in
yesterday's fifth race. ¦•.;:¦' ; ; j .
"Horses in Training. 1904," published
by.H. N. Buck. 571 Fifth avenue. New
York, is, issued:: this"* month. : : Itvcon
tains ; a- complete 1 . list* of f the; -horses in
training, 1 including - every - two-year-old
registered -with, the Jockey 1 ! Club, both
in the East-andlthe-West. ,In ; addition
the riame, -age; sex, colorj and pedigree,
th'e owner. [ stable ; and ' stable 'jockey : is
given.-,: Price '$1': bound' in leather^post-
T. McLaughlin. owner of Sea Air,
Lady Atheling and-Vonzollern, has pur
chased" Colonel Anderson from K. Fitz
gerald. / '¦ - ,
Joe Jones kept, up hi3 g average by
placing twoWinners across tiie plate.'
Business continues brisk as ever in
the ¦ ring nt- Oakland. Twenty-two
bookmaking firms made the. weight at
yesterday's ,cut in.
From a bushwhacker to ' a star in
one day — such is'the rise of W. Dugan.
All season Dugan has done-nothing' to
get his name in big print, but yester
day there came a change and he fin
ished first* on three winners,' Crisa
Cross. Colonel Van and. H. L. Frank,
with a second to his credit,. Modder, an
other, outsider.' If r Dugan :\vill /'continue
to exhibit the same perspicacity: to the
end of the season' he can rest assured
of earning the gratitude of a patient
people. ' ' : •
XOTES OF TlfK TRACK.
to down Ada N for show honors.
Toledo was a starter in the conclud
ing (••vent, going to the post for the
first time with the colors up of his
new owner, Ed. Gaylord, the well
known turfman. The colt. opened fa
vorite, but was evidently not up to a
bruising race, for his price receded to
threes. Ridden by Joe Jones he ran
a good third, after getting away none
too well. li. V. Frank and Whoa Bill
outbroke the others and had the race
between them all the .way. Although
tiring badly and growing wobbly. Du
gan kept . the former, going long
enough to be awarded a nose decision
over Bill.
Seattle was never through and you
could not tell just when they would
become busy with that club, fill up
the sacks and then when the 'right
sort of a wallop came through some
one would run for the plate while th2
Oakland fielders would do all kinds
of hotfoots after trie elusive, sphere.
Seattle got In wrong in the first
round and it did not look any too
bright for the' Northern stickers.
Ganley took a safe clout at the ball
and Francks was hit by Williams.
Kruger forced Ganley at third, but
Schally hit safe enough. With the
bases full Williams hit Streib* and
forced Francks over the rubber.
For three rounds Seattle could not
understand Schmidt. Their vision be
came beautifully clear in the fourth.
Mohler was safe on Schafly's miscue
and Smith hit. Both advanced on
Frisk's out and both arrived when
Mr. Hall punched out to the outfield.
Hall lingered but a short while, for
Brashear's double bag clout landed
him. Delehanty happened along with
one at the same time, which brought
Brash home.
Oakland had a holdout .which was
sprung in the same round. Streib and
Devereaux both coaxed bases on balls.
Streib tore through on Lohman's dou
ble to left. Blankenship neglected to
pick up Francks* bunt and Devereaux
skipped in. Lohman scooted to the
rubber and tied ur> the result when
Kruger tore off a good one to the
right garden.
" It looked Eood for a close finish to
the seventh. -Then Seattle broke it
up. Six runs resulted from the bat
ting streak. Every one took a ride on \
that ball and before It came to be a
thing of the past six of the gray
shirted warriors landed. It was an
awful slaughter and seemed to please
the crowd. Oakland -never -had an
other chance after'.'the fourth, for Wil
liams pitched good, steady baseball as
the game increased with age;
The new baseball grounds at Idbra
Park. Oakland. -will be" formally
opened this morning at 10:10. The
field is laid out In grass and the dia
mond is said to be one of the pret
tiest on the* coast. The score:
Oakland — ' (Seattle—
All. n. H. P." A. « AB. R. H. P. A.
Ganly.rf. 6 0 12 0 VHtn.cf 4 2 110
Franks.s 4 1 O 2. fi Mohlr.Sb S 2 2 3 4
Krt'Cr.lf r. O 2 2 0 Fmlth.rf. 5 12 10
Dulvy.cf 4 0 1 2 Ojrrtsk.ir. 4 10 1 0
8chfly,2b 0 0 3 2 3;HaK.s... r> 2 X 2 4
Streib. I b 3 1 0 13 0' Bn.hr. lb 5 2 2 13 0
nvrx,3b. 8*1 0 11 Olhtr«3b 5 0 2 2 ti
I»hn>n.c 4 113 1* Bikshp.c 5 0 0 -; 1
Schmlt.p 4 0 2 0 S TVlams.r 5 2. 2 J>
Totals H7 4 W 27 IS Totals 4-1 1214 27 10
UUXS A.VD HITS BY INNINGS.
Seattle 0 0 0 4 0 0 6 2 0—12
Has* hit!" 1 0 0 4 0 I 5 .3 0-^14
Oakland 1 0 0 ;t 00 0 0 0—4
Base hits 2 1 02 0 0 2 1« 2— 10
SUMMABV... \
Stolen base — Streib. Errors — Blankenghlp,
Prashear. D*>vfreaux, Schally V2). Schmidt,
Three-base, hit — Schmidt. TTvo-ba*e hlts-^-
Orasljear, l.*hman, Dilphanly, Kruger,
Sehafly. Van Haltren. Runleavy, First base
on error*— Oakland. 2: Seattle, 2. Tlrst base
on called balls— Off Schmidt. 1: ofT . Williams,
.'J. I>>ft on base?— Oakland. 11; Seattle. 6.
Struck out — Bv Schmidt. 2; by Williams,. 4.
Hit by . pitcher — Francka. Streib. Frisk.
Double nlay — Hall to Mohler". to* Brashear.
Time of game — 2:05. Umpire — McCarthy.
i The baseball walloping came off
again, just as the wise touts had fore
told. The Seattle contingent showed
itself there always with, the club. They
rubbed some of that Brooklyn polish
off the sarcastic Mr. Schmidt and he
got his to the sweet cadence of twelve
runs and fourteen blnglers. Score, 12
to 4.
The following practice matches were
played: James Gray and Dr. Hamil
ton beat J. Elder and J. Stott. 21 to 4;,
James Gray and J. Mearns beat Stott
and Elder, 21 to 10; Joseph Gray an*i
F. M. Duncan beat M. L. Crowe and G.
C. Patterson. 21 to 14: J. Moffatt and A.
Foreman beat J. McLaren and Ticknor,
21 to 13; J. T. Dare and G. C. Lawson
I eat R. Park and the Rev. Mr. Logan.
21 to 16; G. C. Patterson and Joseph
Gray beat Foreman and Dr. Gunn. 21
to 10; Frank Webster beat T. Mc-
Naught. 21 to IS.
In the other match T. Millar and A.
}{. Patterson beat Joseph Black and
Dr. Gunn. 21 to 15.
The new green was formally placed
at the disposal of the Scottish bowlers,
who commenced the doubles tourna
ment yesterday. The two preliminary
round matches were played. In the
tirst David O'Brien took the place of
the Rev. Mr. Guthrie. playing as part
ner with Joseph Gray. T. G.* Aiken and
H. L. TJcknor, one of the strongest
teams, were opposed to them. To the
Furprise of all Aiken and Ticknor were
beaten by a score of 21 to IT.
Aiken and Ticknor Defeated
hy O'Brien and Graj' to
v Surprise of the Spectators
Oakland Makes a Bid . for
Honors in Fourth . Round,
but Fails to Jveep Going
Hill and Mitchell Win Two 4
Straight From Allen and
Griffin After Hard Fi^ht
OAKLAND RACETEACX- SATURDAY. April 16.— Weather fine. Track fast.
OO3». FIRST RACE— Six furionrs; MlUnf* 4-year-olds and up; value to ttrst, $323.
I In<J<?xl Horse and Owner. . JWt Stv M. %.. %. Str. Fin. ' Jockey. Op.
! «6(JT>5)|\Vaser. 4 (J. Guthrie) ".' 10S 6 ... 2n In 1 a 1 % J. Jones.... 8-0 8-2
I 6C2» Moddtr. 0 (Uuckboltz & P:).. 106 4.'... S h 8 2 8 1 2 n W. Dujran.. 10 20
j <«i:i Nullah, a <G. S. McKenzte) : . 109 S ... 4 l^i % 4 1 8 h J. Lewie... 8 10
««1T JToto Gratiot. 4 CVCilkerson) . . 106 6 ... 8 ~ T *^-T 2 4 % Knapp 6 10
CCSl [KoUlck 0 (M. Jones).. Ill 7 ... « % B 3, «%5l4QtU 0 H-2
I fXiM iNanon. a (S. Polk) 108 1 ... 1 % 2 i". 2 n > 6 2H!Shenvood .. 6 10
« Marclio S (J. Quinlan) Ill 2 ... 6h 6 '•« 3 n. "'4 - -iSee ;........ 4 13-2
5607 iKentlBh threw. 4 (Umunfj) 06 8 ... 7 2*. S -8 - S , jWauon ...| 20 40
, Tlme-^:24% 1:15%. At post- *4 mrnute. Off at £jl6.-<-AV*g«r,~pUc«. 3-5; show. l-X
Modder. place S; show. 3. Nullah, show 8-5. .Winner, b. *, .by Wagner-Favena.
Trained by V. Bouqhf.-r.nn. Scratched— Dandle Belle. Ultruda. Dora I, Flaneur. St. Wln
iiifride. Bcnlaeh Cherries. Start good. Won Cleverly. Balance "driving:. Wagrer best and
well ridden. . Moddtr showed marked .Improvement over his two previous efforts. Nullah
' clared strong:. Toto Gratiot ran, poorly.- Rollick' must have gone back. Nanon will take
eoree beatir.s next time. Too short- fofMareHo.'?^ 'j-±'_ _^ : _ _ _ : v>-~^^-^>.
CO4O. SECOND RACE — On» mile ana 100 yarda; *feHlnB;4-year-olds and up: to flrst. $325.
I indTx] Hors* and Owner' Wt St. U.' H*. :%? Str. Fin. Jockey. -| Op. Cl.
i 0623 'Canejo. a (Kirk & Co.) 100 5 & 1^01 S n 3 3 1 H Herbert ...I 20 30
i <K521 iThc Counselor. 4 <Clinord Co.) 07 7 0 n ¦ 4 : *A 2 1W.4.2 2 2 Knapp: B 13 -2
j CCW Ullowaho. 5 tH. ' Stover)....;. Ill 2 3 n 1 ft 1 ?i 1 n 8 1 .' .See V 7-2 4
0«2:: iExpedlent a (P. 12. Smith)... 107 4 8 6 .';" 7 .M, 4 'V. 4 1 Kelly . 7 12
I f(MW0) W. OvortQn 4 (Knebelkamp). 08 1 1 •* 3n 02 Bn 5 45VMcBrlde ... S-5 0-r.
i 6C15 JBriMBC. 5 <J J. Uarkleln) 101 3 4 2 21'4-Ai « 1 «3 J. Jones 10 SO
i Of.lS iCIoche dOr • 4 (Mrs. Coffey).. 96 8 7 a 5 ?; 5 1 7 1,7 n Crofc*walte .5 - 9
I G612 !E1 Pilar. 5 (A. A. Ha«kell)... 101 «J 2 n 7 2\i» S 8 J. T. Shehn 00 75
; Time— :2i\± :404 1:15^. 1:42. 1:47?;. At Post U, minute. Off at 2:"S^. Canejo. place.
10: sbow. 4 Counselor place. 2; show. 1. Illowaho show. , 1-2. Winner, ch. m. by
Royal Flush-Lady Emma. Tra!ne<i by J. J. EUerd. Start good. Won In a drive of two.
Third stopping. The bunch an ordinary one and Canejo was there with her speed. Illo
[. waho has a bad leg and' quit. Too short for Expedient. Watklns Overton couldn't run
i by a water n scon. Cloche d'Or won't du. ,
1 0041 J THIRD RACE— Six and a half furlongs; celling: 3-year-olds and up; to flrst. $325.
I Index I Horse and Owner. iWiSt/%. %. %..Etr. Fin. I Jockey.' Op. Cl.
' <R:i4 Crl*« Cross. B (F. N. Hayes). 1106 7 ... 4 2 2 % 2 n 1 % \\V. Dugan.. B 1.%
«49:# El Plloto 6 ai. W. Hoag). . .,107 1 ... 6 1U>S 1^4 Vi 2 1*4 J. T. Shehn 20 -' 1&
I 0607 Oc>T*he 3 (Mrs. Coffey). 95 3 ... 2h 3 n 3 n 3 h Crosswalte 7-5 11-10
i «U4» F:r>i Chip 4 <E Fitzgerald). 104 « ... 1 l\u\ S 11- 4 n Roach r> U-2
6614 JHatnault. S (Thomas & R.).. 107 4 ... 5 1 4 1 fl2 5 4 F. Kelly... 6 15
! <6G02)iYVigKins. 3 (McAllister & Co ) 03 fi ... :» »i ii 2 03 6 3 U. Jones.... 4 4
| CC26 iHoceo. 3 (Photo Stable) 03| 2 "... 7 7 7- 7 |Knapp .... 10 . 12
'Time— :23% :iShi. 1:1*. 1:21. At post \i minute; Off at .%:05>i. Cross, place. S: show. 2.
Piloto, "place. «S; show 2. Ocyrohe. show. out. Winner, blk. m. by Bassetlaw-Vlce
Veipa. Trained by P. Lawson. Scratched — Lady Kent. Start eood. ' Won in a drive of
four. Winner bid up from $MX) to $800 by J. Stern: retained. Criea Cross has speed
and Is game. El Piloto ran his race. Crosswalte on Ocyrohe lo«t his beatings and let thn
biscuit burn. First Chip blew. up. Wiggins pocketed on rail and messed "about. Hoceo
re<julr~s mqre developing and. retouching. • •-
Ctf-t:!. FOURTH RACE — One and an eljrhth miles: bnJep, ; 3-year-o'.d8 and up";" to first. $100.
Ind.xl , Horse and Owner. WtlSt. >?• hi- "i . Str. Fin. I Jockey. | Op. Cl.
6624 iour Dessie. 4 ij. F. Newman) 08 3 44 44 44 3 1 In IJ Jones 6-2 0-5
•:.".M jGraftrr 0 (C'aelngama Bros.) 104 2 6 1 (i 3 5 1 T> n 2 1 ICroeawaite « 7
(CC24)!i;)Ton Rose, 6 <R. Wilson).. J102 <$ 1 n 1 h 2 Vi 1 n 3 3 |R. Wilson.. « . 7
i te381>!Vcter*no 4 (W. C. VJ veil) ... 100 77 7 a^M 4 S Fltzr-atrkk 10 <5
««i26)'inilouon 6.(W. D. RW63al!).:107 5 2 I*4-1 1^' h-4 4 57 .1. Lewis... 3 1S-5
«;«;i» link 4 (Lamasney Bros.) j. its 4 6 n 5 n 7 7 «1S V\'ntson ... 8 12
C019 llshtar, 5 (A. Josephs) | 95 1 3 n 2 b 3 «4 2 h 7 'Knapp 15 i'O
Time — :24«4. :*9Vi. »:15»4. 1:42. l:54t». At post 1 minute. Off at 3&0& Dessle. placf,
< 4-5; thow. 2-5. Grafter, place. 5-2: «how. 1. Ro^e. chow. 1. Winner, br. m. by Lord
Dalmcny- Bessie Disland. Trained by H. F. Newman. t?tart fair. Won In n hard drive
of three. Bessie didn't have^fc second to fpare. Grafter came with a tnrdy rush anJ
lcokfd the best. Byron Rose ran well. Probably Fitzpntriolt didn't understand Veter
er.o's peruliaritles. Itlllouon went to pieces in the stretch, l.-htar made a good showing
to tfce etretch.
«i«il3. FIFTH RACE — One mile and 100 yards; selling; 4-year-olds and up: to first, $TJ5.
¦Indrxl Horse and Owner. IWt St. H; U. *i. Str. Fin. i Jockey! \ Op! CU
<X2?. *Col. Van C (D. S. Fountain). 107 4 .14 .14 2 2 I n 1 »i jW. Dugan..! 4 0
<C«12):Kitty K<-lly. a <SUnfleld) 108 3 1 % I \$ 1 H 2 :i 2 3V.iJ T. Shehn! 2 «
(65S3) Bvronerdale. 4 (J. M. Crane). 107 2 4 1V44 4 3 1 3 2 .". 2ij : Crof>swai:e 2 7-5
CC12 lAca N C (Antrim Stable) 100 0 « ?' fl 1 5 2 4 1^4 4 iCross 4 13-2
6C18 iMerwan 4 <J Guthrie) 98 S ftiii?l 6 2. 6 n 5 2 iSherwood .. 10 12
«ao iPetroIla" 4 (D. McCarty) 107 1 7 'j 7 »i 7 3 7 4 G 2^IKnapp 10 10
CCI3 IPat Marrissey a (J. Ryan).. 107 7 2 •» 2 h 4 2 T» !j 7 5 IHolbrook .. U 15
5707 Prestolus'. 4 <F. Dcvln) 100 6 8 S 8 S S IMcBrlde ... '50 t'O
Tlnae— :2«. :49i,i 1:15. 1:41%. 1:47H. At post H minute. Off at 3:574. Van.' place. 7-2:
*how. C-5. Kelly, place. 2; 6how, 1. Byronerdale. show. 1-3. Winner, ch. r. by Gllead
¦> Kitty R . Trained- by D. S. Fountain. -Start g»<>d. Won in a dr.lve of three. Colonel
Van ha<t *r-eed to lean. Kitty Kelly ran an excellent "race:" Tbe «ame cannot be said of
Byronerdale. CroFswaite lo*t all chance of ; winning on the etretch turn. Ada N did
fatriy well. Pat Morrtfsey cashed in early and went home. . To spicy, for Pctrolla.
0044. SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; puree; 3:year-o!(is;' -value to flrst. J325. .» .. r ¦¦-.
Index > Kcrse and Owner. IWt'St. >A~. K- 3tr. Fin. I Jockey. Op! cT
6544 [H U Frank (D. Cameron) 102 '3 ... 14 12 11 1 ns IW. Dugan.. 6 ~ «
tffilS !Whou Bill itl. G. Epplnger).. 102 1 ... 2 H 2 3 2 1H2 4 Knapp 5 4
C271 STole<lo <E. Gaylord) 115 « ... 5 2 5 6 5 3 3 0 J. Jonen 3-2 3
Ci&.t ,Ceiibra.nt <Ham!lton Stable).. 112 2 ... 4 2 4 h 3 n 4 % J. T Shehn ."5 4
(C«C5) ; Ananias (J. F. Schorr) 112 4 ... 3 1>43 1 4 *i 5 2 Reed 4, «
eras il>r. Rowell fBlastngame Br.). 105 « ... 8 2 fifl <i 0 Crwswalte 10 10
C2S2 ISoutrlere fDajton & Co.) '. 10>> 5 ... « n * 7 1 7 10 Miller 20 fl
.... JDragoon (R. A. Smith) 10» 7 ... 7 n 7 1 8 b Larsen .... DO 50
'Georgle Black <J. H. Spratt).|lCO Left lOowman .. 50 73
Time — :23. :47. l:10H. At post X minute. Off at 4:26. Frank, place. 2: ehow. 1. Bill.
p!ace. 2: Fhow. 1. Toledo, show. 7-10. Winner, ch. g. by^JMariner-I'lumerla. Tralnetl
by V. Cameron. Start good. Won In a hard drive of two.* Third easily. Winner and
• Whoa Bill outbroke the other*. Whoa UUI war l< therr><L near the (ioddock or he mlitht
have won. Toledj ran a good race. Celebrant quit early. So did Ananias. Soufrlere
no tixeC.
CRACK TEAM IS BEATEN
TWELYE EUNS PILED UP
PAKK PLAYER B1JATEX
The. jiidking, ring was, the center of
attraction shortly after 9:30, when the
winnersMn their respective classes were
paraded' before, the admiring throng
and were' then lined iip" before the
Judge for. his decision as to which was
the best- in the show.JOnly half a dozen
owners | brought their dogs out for the
final test, arid the smallest one of the
lot was pronounced the most perfect:
When Mr.' Harley stepped; into' the
ring with his great wire-haired fo.x
terrier, '.Wandee Coastguard, the spec
tators set up a mighty. cheer. It could
The eighth annualjbench show, of the
San Francisco Kennel Club' came to a
successful v.c'lose last night at Mechan
ics'.Pavilion. :An ; immense throng gaijhf
eyed "to bid farewell to the blue-blooded
canines", and^,to- the cats quartered", in
the gallery. C. K. Harley's wireThair- (
ed fox', terrier, . Wandee 'Coastguard,
was pronounced by Judge James Mor
timer the best'dog in the.show.
'. The ' show proved one of the most
successful of its kind ever held. ln~thls
city.and the Kennel Club^ officials ;ara
highly elated over the success of? the
venture. All day .lohgthe crowds kept
coming, and by 8 o'clock at night ;the
best attendance that had yet viewed
the exhibit 'was on hand to make, a
final inspection of the prize winners
and' watch with" eager Interest the dis
tributioniof .the prizes to the lucky
ones. • V ¦ - - ¦¦•¦'-" ¦
Shreve trophy for the , best cocker
spaniel whelped In 1903, and to Be wor.
three times— Won by D. C. Brown's
Wiggles.
'The Mrs. Andrew P. Welch trophy
for the best cocker spaniel — Won by
Delverton Kennels' Paprika. , . •
easily.be seen that this dog outclassed
all the othersin the estimation'of the
crowd,, and no one was surprised when
Judge Mortimer, after a searching In
spection of the various animals/award
ed the cup to Mr. Harley's' crack ter
rier. ," .T-. .- >'¦ '. ¦ . •
E. Attridge's handsome bull' terrier,
Edgecbte Peer, wbb' a good second.
After Judge Mortimer declared Wandee
Coastguard the winner he turned to
Mr. Attrldge and said : "That wire
haired terrier is a wonder and the best
dog : here, "*, but you have the second
best.i Your bull .terrier is a, beauty."
| More than sixty ; handsome trophies
were awarded to the various winners in
their respective, classes: It took nearly
an hour to present the long list of cups
and other trophies to the owners of the
high-grade canines, and each winner
was loudly cheered. Following is a list
of the winners in ' different classes
judged yesterday: V '. - ;
Silver medal for the' best cocker
spaniel dog — Won by Charles G.
Lyons' Omo. ; .
Silver medal for the best cocker
spaniel bitch— Won bl* Delverton Ken
nels' Paprika. , -
SAN . FRANCISCO . CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Bowlers Begin the Doubles
Tournament Before Crowd
of Enthusiasts in Park
Crack Racket Wielders Fur
nish Exciting Matches on
California Club's Courts
Schmidt's Bewildering Lot
of .Twisters Are Easily
Clouted All Over the Lot
C.K.Harfey;s Wire- Haired Fox Terrier, Wandee Coast
guard, isDeclared the Peer of Any Canine. Exhibited a*
- ;Show^-Trophies:"Awarded;Prize Winners Amid Cheer,
Texas Bred Mare Is Backed Down to 9 to 5 Favoritism and
Her Victory Proves a Popular One— Dugan Pilots Three
Winners—Canejo.Criss Crossand Col. Van Are Surprises
FORMALLY OPEN
THE NEW GREEN
SEATTLE DOES
MORE CLUBWORK
EXPERTS PLAY
IN GOOD FORM
OUR BESSIE, WITH JONES UP,
BEATS GRAFTER OUT A HEAD
PEOPLE THRONG PAVILION
FOR LAST GLANCE AT DOGS
G EN ERAL N EWS OF THE WORLD OF S PORTS AN D RACETRACK HAPPENINGS
THE: SAN FRANCISCO i CALLUS UN DAY; APRIL 17,; 190^:
36
ADVERTISEMENTS. \'^. ' .' :
: ; ' ; I • • ¦ . . ¦ ~ ~ ~~ . '_•
me raosi PopaiapiB^ widcig-anowa Blood popibcp ISi^^^gS
GUARANTEED PURELY VEGETABLE y 'm ?
This is the' season that tests the quality of your blood, , tfeggriffa^g^gg
and if - it is not good, then evidences of it will begin i .• to -m \ QWIFfS
show as the weather grows warmer. Carbuncles and boils, %J? AnPA1P2^ !
pimples and blotches, and numerous itching and burning %PFClFlb !
skin eruptions will -make their appearance, and are sure in-. VI »¦«¦• ¦ v f j
dications of bad, blood. If spring-time finds you with im- S .the^great |
pure, sickly blood, then you are in poor condition to with- BLOOS PORfFlEH. |]|
; stand the strain upon the system which always comes at this j h X.^T^^W!^>p^
time of the year. A failure to look after your physical wel- J g;
fare now, by purifying the blood and toning up the gen- | gyji* '%^ip=^L •%,....:, .
eral system, may result in a complete breaking down of | \^
health later. on, and you will find yourself weak and run
down, with no appetite, and a prey to indigestion and ner- {&» '^ 1^^
vousness. It is poor blood that makes weak bodies, for it \& : - *
is 'this vital fluid that must supply vigor and strength to our systems, and upon its
purity rests bur cHances for health. I Any impurity, humor or poison in the blood acts inju-
riously upon the system and affects the general health. It is to the morbid, unhealthy
matter in the blood that chronic sores and ulcers are due. The pustular and scaly
skin eruptions so common during spring and summer, show the blood to" be in a riotous,
feverish condition, as a result of too much acid or the presence of some irritating humor or
acrid poison. in the. blood. A large per cent, of human ailments have their origin in a
polluted; diseased blood; and can only be reached by a remedy that goes into the circulation
and uproots and expels the poison and restores the* blood to- a healthy, natural condition. . If
- Spring^d, Ohio, May 18. 1903. P^^^T^ Wheeling. W. Va.. May 28, 1903.
• On two occasions I have nseii-our Ot ; baa vDlOOOj^ana are i hare used your S. S. 8. this spring.
S. S. S; in the spring with fine results. I : thinking Or a DlOOa pun- and fonnd it to ;be a blood purifier of the
can heartily recommend it as a tonio and +1iVn thinlr of S-V 9 9 best order. My. system -was run dowa
blood -purifier. I was '¦'., troubled, with ner,iuen inmKOi p.o. O., and my joints ached and pained me cojl
headaches, indigestion and liver trouble, a remedy With a long- siderably, and I began to fear that I was
¦which all disappeared underthe use of a re nil tat inn Eoing to be laid np with Rheumatism. I
few bottles of your great blood remedy. CStaDllSliea. reputation had used s . s> 8 . be f O re, andknew -what
g. S. S. My appetite, which was poor, and that lias proven it- it was; so I purchased a bottle of it, and
was greatly helped.' I can eat any thing c t( i u ¦¦^^^ecific in dis- ¦*»?• taken several l>ottlas. .wiOi tba result
I want now without fear of indigestion, seir loue f m ?, 1S> that the aches and pains I had are gone;
and my blood has been 'thoroughly eases of the blood, and a my blood' has been ¦ cleansed . and reno-
cleansed of impurities and made rich and "V^^o^ toil i c an d S VS- 7 ated ' m7 S e ?f ral h t alth 1 *' *° that
strong again. -As a tonio aud blood pur- superior .tome, ana S} S i can cheerfully testify to its virtues as a
ifieritisaU you v claim forit. " ,tem builder. • S.S. S. COU- blood purifier and tonio. .., .
' .' : . mrs: george wiEGEL. - ta i ns no mercury, pot- ,„-,„ r i . o JOHN o. stein.
- 771 E Main St • •¦ . .. -. -/• ¦ 1533 Market Street.
, , i *.. mam &t. ash, arsenic;or other
mineral, but is composed exclusively of vegetable ingredients, selected for their medicinal
properties and gathered from nature's store-houses--the I fields and forests: The thou-
sands who -have^ used S^S-.S. ' and know from experience what it will do iublobd troubles,
do : not; need: to :be reminded of a blood purifier now, for they^ know no better can be found
')UiaiuS7;S/:& S.j which has been
: sold for nearly fifty years,, while the demand is greater now than ever : in its history. .
;No : remedy : without Jinerit could, exist^ so: long ; and -retain; the confidence of the people.
'Write us if- m^^
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA* Gj£
ADVEBTISEMENTS. . -
J^fi^. You ca.n pay nve
\ waf.-s^l wKerilVe vuredyeu
Wr**V{ Nl Y *ork in unlik« that of the average *vc-
if^'v ' "s vl •cialist, and each case treated has added Its
ft ¦ £ J>] mite to mv store" of knowledre regarding
/Sfc -^st&f men's allm«»nt-«. I have striven toward ab»o-
iS-^fK"--^- ,fr«3w ¦%¦ l" i( - perfectSon in my methods of treatment.
'\^&>*dg£i3K<*' end notv believe that I have practically at-
tairie-i the lim'.t of medical pcssibiliti""- per-
V ©IMiySw"' tftlnin^ to dis-jases of men. My various forms
/ '*•<$}$££!/ of tr«utmer.t are <.rjginal and in many respects
/ f n\ "unique, and results I obtain prove their. abso-
S A I L >C 5ut*> correctness. ....
/V \ — V\— \s No matter how many physicians have failed
{ i \\ |^v-v \ '. \ to relieve you. if I accept yo-jr cas-S you are
* c= » : ¥ V 1 pafe in expecting nothing shcrt of a speedy
' 1 Yl **^ - an( * P <rraan cnt cure. . . -"..f
Jnft±' Special attention given to Spermntorrfiaa. Lost
'. Vigor, Varicocele, Stricture, Rupture. Piles. Hydro-
DR. 0. C JOSLEN, cele. Contagious Bond O.sesses and Acute end
! tu Uiiizf 6;eei*liit. Chronic Urethrzl end Prostciic taflcmmatioa.
•«IVFAKMF<JQ* f U -merely * «yrnptam or eljroaic* My Btilte o' trcat-
- ' • rtL4t\\LCO lnflJJnmation In the Dro««te siand. ww
brought on by €ar!y dtnli^aXlon or by the lanproper treatment "^C roocts Is th«
of t-.-it.-c contract' >„ ijiMiir A complete aad radical cure i». larsest In the city,
tbererore. ft .lu-rtlcn of re»tortn-r the pro«ta:« c'.and to It* d i- «bs Q i u i-i r
nnrrsa.1 «a.te. -knd this I •.oeomplUh protnrrt.ty a=l complettlj ¦uojiwvc.j
without the uw of lntert!»J rcmedW. My treatment la a private. My patn-
local or.r entirely. It If orlclra! and «=!entlflc. asd hca been ' pblct.' "lAvt u.'\
proven absolutely ?ffortlv* toy thouHinds of testf. I am con-- s-our years a man "
: vtrc^S tbat by so other meai:a can lull ax<i permanent re»- ' . •,,,'*
toratton cf »t rength and \-!gor hr accoinpllrhf i. free ca application. . .
By my method* no time |c Jctt. no rhanre of diet or habits is necessary. ' ' Permaneot I
core* a.r* made In a shcrt tlrae, with but little expense to the patient. My method. Is the .
result of sixteen years' careful and patient «ttt6y. and ray ruccess has been most gri.tl- j
fyinf- ConEUitallon free at afSce Or by mail. Hoinr treatment always successful. J
Offices; Corner of Market^KeaoT^ySts. 1¦ Japan has fifteen; docks capable of
accommodating warships.
On Tuesday-afternoon/ April^l9, the
Alumni Association of , Notre , Dame of
San .'Jose vwlll meet 'at " Notre ;.;' Dame
College on "\ Dolores street] In i this : city.
All students and! graduates are, invited
by "the : secretary, ¦ Mrs. l^Mary ; Sullivan
Spence, to ' attend the meeting.
Alumni Meetinc on Tuesday.
The Channing Auxiliary - lecture by
Dr. 5 " George Steindorff,' which * was to
have beeli given last .Tuesday evening,
has been arranged . for next Tuesday
evening, April' 19. The "will
be "Egyptian Temples and Ceremon
ies." " r , . ;"; r.;:;, .- •; • ¦¦, - : .- ; ;
- Those holding tickets ."f or. last Tues-"
day, may use; the. same- on .this date.
• The second of the course of lectures
given by Professor. Griggs under 'the
auspices 'of the- Channing/ Auxiliary
will : be t heard ..this i morning; at^ 10 : 30;"
the " subject, "Marie ' BashkirtsefC, "; a
Modern Woman's Problem."
. . The _ : third • and ; last ? of this series of
day/ lectures will be -given next Monl
day ', at -, 3:30. p/fni.-'; on i^'Rayerina;- 1 : the
L-ightt- That - Failed."- illustrated / with
stereoptlcon. v . ; Those .^holding season
tickets ' may use ; two or .even three of
4be admissions at one of the lecture*
Stcindorff to Lecture Tuesday.
On Wednesday, evening next Portola
Council No.; 470, Tourig ; Men's ; Insti- #
tute, will entertain; its friends at Its
seventh anniversary .entertainment
and dance, to be given in Golden Gate
Hall, ? 6 2 5 Sutter street.
A programme of unusual merit has
been ; arranged. , -,The - committee In
charge includes: 'E.'G. Fitzgerald," - D.
T. > Powers, \ W._ H. Murphy, r [ Joseph
Tait, F. J. : Dauhet, .T. ~, Sheehan, W. L , I. ¦
Reardon, A. W.' Murphy, W.G. Fahy,
J. J.'. Driscoll, Joseph * GraTiam and" P/
f. Scully. nrfflfffiffiroFlffi
Chapter of Young Slen's Institute Will
Celebrate Scventti Anniversary
With Music and Dancing.
PORTOLA COUNCIL WHJj
GH r E AN ENTERTAINMENT
The Celtic Union held a meeting at
the Knights of the Red Branch Hall on
Mission near Seventh, last
evening: and transacted considerable
routine business. JL J. Caniffe report
ed that the members had made heavy
demands for ... hall , stock and ; that a
good fund is assured. J. D. Condoni
P. J. Reynolds and John Mulhern
were appointed a j committee to take
charge ' of ' the " arrangements "for the
annual festival to be held at El Cam
po on June' 12.
Exercises consisting of Gaelic danc
ing and athletic games will help to en
liven-the occasion. Valuable gate and
game prizes •will be given. 'The pro
ceeds of :, the affair "will .be added -to
the fund for tne building of Celtic
Hall.
CEI/TIC -UNION ARRANGES
FOR SOCIAIi FESTrVAIi
The steamer Korea sailed yesterday lor
ITcr.ckor.r via and Yokohama wit j
a general merchandise cargo valued at $<;.>..
459. exclusive of treasure, to be distributed
aa follows: For Japan. S500.376; China, 5102,.
Id; Philippine Islands. 32LOT5; East Indies.
tl"Or»; Korea. f2i5«>; Kgypt, *207. The leading
ixporta were aa fnUows:
To JKpan — tUU& ctls barley. 423 pkgs elec
tric railway material, S074 steel rails. 543 rolls
U cs ieatber, :.'.<•¦ ju: Ibs tanbaik. 124 obis
cak extract. 21 .:::•:• ga!s alcohol, 4CS.200 ibs
: c lead, 1110 bales cottcn. B77 rkgs bicycles
end sundries. 87 pkgs machinery. .5s:>5 Ibs crude
: -M'-r. 11 cs boots and shoes. .Vi rtajrks qulck
rilver. 41 pkes rlectrical supplies, 8 pkgsdry
;•'¦•, 'JS bxs soap. 24 pkgs rubber goods. 23
J'l-gs <Jrues, 19 drums wood spirits. 4125 cs
< 'jT.dented milk. ":r>Gl rn canned ealmon. J14
< f assorted canned gtx>ds. 6743 Ibs sugar. 312
Ikgs groceries and provisions. 24 ctls oats.
4lHi lb» codfieh. 1011 lt>s ham and bacon, 710
It* lard. 141 fires table preparations. 187 c*l»
1 c* whlsky,*480 pals & ct wine, 43 pkgs rr*«h
:t-uiU. J7&6 lbs butter. 937 lbs cheese. 13 cs
crape Juice. 1155 lbs 7 cs rr.ealf. 200 lbs bread.
To China— 1537 bhln flour. 231S gals wine.
:3.R44 Ib* coffee. J>243 Ibs bam and bacon,
»•:» lbs 20 ca meals. 10.445 lbs 4 c» cheese.
2111 Ibe 15'cs^ried rrult. 24.S25 Jbs sugar.
PSa cs assorted <^Lsnefl goods. 375 cs canned
fcrlmoo. 722 pkc 8 trocertes and provisions
10.700 lbs pearl barley, 4C9 cals 60 cs whisky
Valuable Cargo for the Orient.
Tfc* French ba^k Marguerite Dolltus was
chartered prior to arrival for wheat from
Tacoma tc Euroce.
The French ship Helene B!um proceed* to
Puget Bound to load luir.bcr for Noumea.
XirvVS OF THE OCEAN.
Matter* of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
EUREKA.— Sailed Apr 15 — Etmrs Eureka and
Pasadena, for San Francisco.
Bailed Apr 16— Btmra South Bay tad ¦»*¦-
DOMESTIC PORTS.
- POINT. I/3BOS. April 16, 10 p. m.—^Weather
clear; wind west: .velocity 6 miles per hour.
Saturday, April 16.
Stmr F.- A. Kllburn, Jahnsen, . Watsonville
Landlnr. -
Stmr Empire, Macgenn. Coos Bay. ¦
Etmr Alliance. Hardwlck. Astoria.'
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder. Panama.
Stmr Korea, Seaburg, Honolulu, Hongkonir
and Yokohama./ . . ¦ ¦ •
" Stmr George Tjoomls, Badger, Seattle.
Stmr Redondo, Krog. Petropolovski.
• Stmr Point Arena. Miller. Mendocino.
Stmr Pomona, Swansen. Eureka.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson. Bowens Landing
Stmr Despatch. Levlnson,' Port- Orford
Ger chip Nal, flchu'.tz. Portland.
Ship Oriental. Wilson, Bristol Bay.
Ship Lucll*. Anderson, Bristol Bay. - ' '
Bark Coalings, Gunderson. Bristol Bay
Schr King Cyrus, Johnson. Fairhaven
Schr C. T. Hill. Huhs. Tillamook.
Schr Balnbridge, , Ingelbrutaon, Port Blake
ley. .
TELEGRAPHIC. .
CLEARED.
Saturday. April 16.
Stmr Redondo, Kror, Petropolovskl, Roth.
131 um ft Co. - " r '
Stmr Santa Crua, Alberts. San Pedro, P C
E S Co.
Stmr Alaskan, Nlcols, Seattle and Honolulu.
Williams. DImond & Co. fwnoiuiu,
Stmr Oregon, Doran. Astoria, O R 4 N
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka," P C SS Co
Stmr Korea. Seabury, Hongkong, etc via
Honolulu, P M S 8 Co. " * Ja
Stmr City of. Para. Zf eder, Panama. P M
'Ship Henry. Villard. Ehaube, Honolulu Hind
Rolph & Co. . ' •
Ship McLaurin, Hammer, Bristol Bar Brls '
tol Packing Co.
Bark B. P. Cheney, Johnson, Bristol Bav
Naknek Packing Co. J *
SAILED. *
ARRIVED.
Saturday, April 1«.
Stmr Lmatilla, Patterson. 60 hours from Vie.
toria and Puget Sound port*. ,
Stmr Eureka. Jessen. 24 hours from Eureka
Etmr North Fork, Nelson. 30 hours from E*J
RJC&a
Stmr Phoenix,- Odland, 80 hour, from Eu
' Stinr Brooklyn, Johnson, 15 hour* from Men
doclno.
Stmr Pomo, Ahlln. 12 hours from Albion
River, via Point Arena, 10 hours 20 minutes
LiUle U RKe1? hflCM ' D * ttmer8 ' *> hou ™ trim
Shipping Intelligence.
Ernest Stripe, a painter, 26 years
of age, residing at the corner of Zoe
and Bryant streets, was reported last
night to the police as missing. Stripe
is a German and had been in this
country but" a few months -when he
'disappeared. He has not been seen
for two weeks and his friends fear
that he has met with foul play. '
Sailors from the ship Indiana re
ported to the police last night that one
of their fellow craftsmen, Edward
Laurey, has been missing, for ten days
and they- fear that he has been
drowned or murdered. When last
seen he had a large sum of money on
his person.
Ernest Stripe, a Painter, and Edward
Laurey, a Sailor, Have Been Ab
sent Two Weeks.
TWO MEN ARE REPORTED
TO POLICE AS MISSIXG
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority cf
the Superintendent.
NOTE: — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission -street wharf) about 23
minutes . later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. APRIL 17.
Sun rises ...." s : 3i
Sun sets e : 46
Moon sets 8 :33 p. m.
C iTimel {Time Time Time
• 1 Ft. Ft. Ft. FL
? IL W| |H Wf L W H W
17 I 6:19 0.2| 1:10 4.7 1 6:14 2.3
H W L W (H W L W
18 O:1S 5.4 7:02 0.1 2:00 4.3 6:54 2.7
IB 0:55 6.3 7:17 0.0 2:52 4.3 7:41 2 5
20 1:3S 5.3 8:40 0.0 3:50 4.3 8:37 31
21 2:32 5.2 9:38 0.1 4:52 4.3 9:50 31
22 3:35 50 10:40 0.3 5:55 4.4 11:09 3a
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given tn the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tld^s aa
sometimes occurs. The heights, given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted . from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE
| .
i Steamer. , ' ' From. J Due,
I * (
i Montara !Seatt'.A jApr. 17
Matkinaw I Tacoma '. Apr. 17
I Amaeis '.'Seattle iApr. 17
| Gaelic 'China fc Japan (Apr. 17
j W. H. Kruger' Grays Harbor IApr. 17
I Ctntralia j San Pedro ' Apr. 17
Epokane , Humboldt iApr. 17
Mongolia 'Norfolk !Apr. 18
Edith J.- Tacoma 'Apr. IS
Honita * Newport & Wj«.y Ports. jApr. 18
! Htateof Cal.. ; San D1»go & Way Pts.|Apr. IS ,
j S. Monica Grays Harbor jApr. 18
Wyefleld 'Nanairco 'Apr. 19
i Mlneola Tacoma TApr. 19
i Alarr.r-ia j Honolulu ' Apr. 19
G. W. Elder..* Portland & Astoria iApr. 10
Argo |E«1 River Ports ! Apr. 19
Elizabeth .Coqullle River iApr. 19
I Kr«rt>anc ;C!rays Harbor Apr. 20
t Couna^.o jfirtys Harbor Apr. 20
.Requcla {Willapa Harbor Apr. 20
Pomosa Humboldt Apr. 20
Hertnonthis ] Hamburg & Way Apr. 20
CltyP»nam«. New Tork via Panama. Apr. 20
; N»>adan Honolulu & Kabul vl.. Apr. 2;»
i Eur»ka Humboldt Apr. 21
B. narr-ura ' Seattle & Olyrr.ola Apr. 21
KantaRosa... San Diego & Way Pts.rApr. 21
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Apr. 21
Senator Puget Sound forts.... Apr. 21
Pants. Cruz... San Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. 22
JeanJe Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 22
Bee Graya Harbor Apr. 23
Amer. Maru . • Yokohama Apr. 23
O I^.niaa»r. . I Gray« Harbor Apr. 23
Oregon (Portland & Astoria.... Apr. 2«
I Sierra Sydney & Way Ports. Apr. '25
I City Poebla...! Puget Sound Port*.... Apr. 26
i Curacao 'Mexican Ports ! Apr. 27
TO BAIL. ¦_¦
Steamer. Destination. Sails.) Pier.
April 17.
Czarina Coos Bay direct.... 12 rn Pier 8
W.H.Krugei Ixw Angeles Ports. 6 pm Pier 2
Centralla... Graye Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
6. Rosa Ban Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
E. Crus San Pedro & Way. 0 am Pier 11
Oregon.... Aftcria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
April 18. j
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. B pm|Pler 20
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pin Pier 2
6. Mosica.. Los Angeles Ports. (12 rn Pier 2
I Eureka Humboldt 1 12 m Pier 13
April 19. | ) (
Arctic Humboldt j 8 am Pier 2
North Fork. Humboldt 5 pm Pier 20
Epokaoe... Humboldt ...?.... 1:30 p Pier 9
i 6. Pedro. ... Humboldt ....12 m Pier 2
; AorU 30; |
j L'matllla. .. Puget Sound Ports. D pm)Pier 20
Amasis.... Hamburg & Way. 12 .raiPier 13
April 21. |
6. Barbara. Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmiPler 2
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River 6 pm Pier 20
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
fjaita. Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
April 22. . , !
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30p]PIer 9
O. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am! Pier 24
April 23. I
Newburg... Graya Harbor 4 pmlPIer 10
Coronado... Gray* Harbor...... 4 pm! Pier 10
Eequoia.... Willapa Harbor 4 pmlPler 2
Pt. Arena.. Point Arena.. 4 pm Pier 2
Ban Jose... N. T. via Panama 12 m Pier 40
Alarneda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
Marlpota..- Tahiti direct 11 am Pier T
April 25.
Senator.... Puget Bound Ports. 11 mm Pier •
April 28. |
Gaelic China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul. 8 pm Pier lfl
Jtaci* St&ul* it Tacom*,. 10 am Pier 2 '
Gives Military Dance.
Company B, First Regiment. N\ g.
C., gave a military entertainment ami
dance at Armory Hall, corner Page
and Gough streets, last night.' , The
programme consisted of a company
drill, selections by the First Regiment
band and dancing. The affair was
largely attended by friends of the or
ganization.
Movements of Steamers.
The ship Henry Vlilard was cleared yester
dty for Honolulu with an assorted merchandise
cargo consigned to Eleele valued at $3578 and
including the following: 100 bbls flour. 43 cs
i sr.'.H goods, l'.'-.4"ft lbs feedstuffs. 1125 Ibs
bread. &00 lbs codfish. 30 pkgs past*. 232 gals
vinegar. 105 lbs cheese, 1500 lbs salt. 9 pkps
prweries and provisions. 10 crts onions. 50<i
lbs lard. ISO IBs meals, 5 bxs fresh fruits. £3
crts potatoes. 2 bdls leather. 7 pkgs agri
cultural implements. 00 sks coal. 3 coils rope,
11 pkgs paints and oils, 60 cs soap, 5 bdls
piper. 3 cs matches. 215 cs coal oil.
A Small Cargo for Hawaii.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Scott took his charge to the City
Hall and turned him over to Steward
E. H. Manville, who placed the boy in
one of the cells provided for the
youthful prisoners. Manville closed
the door and securely fastened the
heavy spring lock. About twenty min
utes later, while. sitting in the outer
office, his attention was attracted by a
noise in the corridor and upon in
vestigating he found Kelly disappear
ing through the door.
The steward gave chase for several
blocks, but the lad was too fleet of
foot and made his escape. The. lock
on the cell door was found on the
floor, broken in half, and it is a mat
ter" of conjecture^ how the youthful
prisoner accomplished this. ¦
Kelly resided with, his parents at
Gough and Hayes 'streets. ,. : lf: -
The lad has been on probation from
the juvenile court, but failed to re
port to Judge Murasky as is required.
Miss Stebbin3, the probation officer,
was notified and took the lad into cus
tody. He broke away from her while
on the way to the City Hall and man
aged to elude the vigilance of the po
lice until last night, when Officer Scott
arrested him at Seventh and Market
streets., -•v.;: /
Bolts and bars have no terrors for
Fred KeUy, aged 14 years, who made
a sensational escape from the confines
of the jail for juvenile" offenders at the
City Hall shortly after 9 o'clock last
night.
Sensational Exit of. Young Fred Kelly
From Juvenile Jail at the
City Hall.
An accident to the Time Ball mechanism baa
necessitated a temporary discontinuance of the
service. Further notice will be given when
It Is put in order. J. C. BURNETT.
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
Branch Hydrographie Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants* Exchange, San Francisco. Cal.
April 16. 1904. ¦
Time Ball.
Several fine opera and field glasses
were recovered from the Chinese pawn
shops. Gong is employed as a mu
sician in the Chinatown theater and
is a member of the Chinese Free
masons. '
Ah Gongr, a Chinese highbinder and
ex-convict, "was arrested last night by
Officers Skelly, Wren and Dinan on
Stockton street for. burglary. He i3
suspected of breaking windows in the
business section of town during the
past few weeks.
The police claim he was responsible
for the burglarizing of the Berteling
Optical Company on Kearny street,
the Asahi Company at 224 Post street,
the Hinomoto Company at 217 Geary
street an'd Raphael's pawnshop on
Sacramento street. All of these crimes
were .committed . during the past
month and in each case the glass in
the show .windows was broken and
the cases rifled., A bunch of Chinese
pawn tickets were found on the bad
Celestial when he was searched at the
City Prison. ;
Ah Gong, Ex-Convict, Musician, Mason
and Highbinder, Taken Into Cus
tody by Police.
Licentiate W. A. McDowell Ordained
. a Minister By 31 issionary Society.
Votes of Thanks Given.
The California presbytery concluded
Its annual session yesterday and ad
journed until April next.
Reports were received from the
committee on temperance indorsing
the papers on prohibition that have
been read at the session.
Licentiate W. A. McDowell preached
a sermon, at the conclusion of which
he was ordained a minister by the
presbytery.
A vote of thanks was given to the
pastor and also to Xhe Call In appre
ciation of favors rendered.
WORK OF PRESBYTERY
IS BROUGHT TO CLOSE
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. j For. Sails.
gertha. VaJdez & Way Ports.. Apr. 19
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 19*
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 26
Cottage City. . Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 28
YOUTHFUL PRISONER
MAKES HIS" ESCAPE
CHIXESE BURGIiAR ARRESTED
FOR ROBBTXG MANY STORES
The steamer City of Pu»bla. which sailed on
rviday fcr Victoria, carried a general cargo
consigned to the, port of destination and the
principal British " Columbian ports valued at
$10,11$. Among the principal shipments were
the following: I6.62.1 lbs dried fruit. 6558
lbs butter. 1625 lbs cheese. 105 cs eggs. 3102
!bs chocolate. 825 pkgs fresh fruits. 212 pVgs
fresh vegetables. 8 pkgs table preparations.
SIM lbs meals, 364 Ibs coffee. 3 cs canned
goods. 5 crts c&ions, 146 pkgs paste,' 4 ca
mineral water. 6 pkgs groceries and provisions.
137 gals wine. 4143 lbs beans. 8230 lbs malt.
"'"< lbs ham. 324 lbs dried peas. 427 Ibs sugar.
7 cyls ammonia. 1697 lbs lead. 18 pes eteel.
12 cs drugs. 1000 lbs zinc. 4 rolls Iwiiher. 10
bbls piaster. S pkgs machinery, 5 bbls oils. 1
drum acid.
Exports for the North
AMERICAN SHIP REUCE. -WHICH
ARRIVED FROM AUSTRALIA
FRIDAY WITH CARGO OF COAL.
COU5 lbs dried fish, 5137 lb« beans. 1S60 lbs
codfinh, 246 lb» hep*. 54.24S lbs shrimp shells.
2C0 lb« lard 115 pkge fre«h fruits. 10 pkg»
pane, C970 lbs tackled fish. 700 lbs raisin-.
1375 lbs tapioca 825 ibs saso. 50 cs syrup*.
113 rs liquors, 62 pa'.s brandy. 82 gals gin.
156 lbs 10 cs butter. M7O lbs smoked meat.
4t> pkgs fresh vegetables, 10 bales cotton
domestics. 24 cs dry good*, 633 lbs tobacco,
."13 c 8 cigarette*. 225 lbs ginseng. 116 pkgs
table preparations. 25 cs arms and ammunition.
21 j.kcs drugs and sundries. 121 bis soap. 126
I-kcs machinery. 9 J?kg« paints. 92 rolls 1 cs
leather. 14 cs boots and shoes.
To Philippine Islands— 27.400 lbs lard. 1377
c* earned goods, 300 c» whisky. 475 bales hay,
000 lbs coffee, 14 pkgs groceries and pro
vIcIcks. 300 lbs dried fruit. 400 Jbs> raisins,
237 lbs" "Ugar. 4900 lbs meals. CO pk£s table
preparations. 40 or eyrup. 203 pkgs vehicle*.
iCiO lbs tobacco. S4 rkgs dry. 4 pkgs
machinery. 8 rkgs drugs, 2 pkgs bicycles.
To East Indies — 373 cs assorted canned goods.
175 c» earned salmon, 720 lbs !ard. 400 lbs
codfish. 10 pkgs groceries and ' provisions. 6
c? fllXfl fruit. 1 cs overalls.
To Korea — fi pkg< sroceriA« and provisions,
4 rkgs e;»!ctrical supplief. CT» pkgs machinery,
5 pkr» hos^. 7 pkg« hardware.
To Egypt — $2 cs canne-1 gjods end 4 cs gro
ceries.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Apr 16— Stmr, Sylvia,
from Boston; slmr Armenian, from New York.
Sailed Apr 1C— Stmr • Carthagenlan, from
Glasgow, for Philadelphia; stmr Cevic, for
New York. ¦ .
LONDON— Arrived Apr 19— Stmr Lancas
trian, from Bc«ton.
Sailed Apr 16— Stmr Mesaba, for New Tork.
GLASGOW — Sailed Apr. 16 — Stmr Columbia,
for New York. . -
NAPLES— Arrived Aor 12— Stmr Llgurla,
from New York, for Genoa. - / •
Sailed Apr 11— Stmr Citka. for. Genoa- Apr
13 — Stmr Lombardlo, for New York.
COPENHAGEN — * Arrived Apr 14— Stmr
Dodre, from New York.
BONA— Sailed Apr 9— Stmr City of Palmo.
for New York. ¦¦¦¦•-¦ - '
PALERMO— Sailed Apr 10— Stmr Neapolitan
Prince, for New York.
CHERBOURG — Sailed Apr 16— Stmr St.
Louis, from Southampton, for New York. I
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Apr 16— Stmr Amster
dam, for New York. -¦ .- . . ¦ . \ ;
ANTWERP— Sailed Apr 16— Stmr Finland,
for New York. ', - . .
NEW YORK— Arrived Apr 16— Stmr Phila
delphia, from Southampton; stmr , Columbia,
from Genoa and Naples.
Sailed Apr J6— Btmr l> mbria., for . Liverpool ;
stmr Minnehaha. for London; stmr St. Paul,
for Plymouth, Cherbourg;, and Southampton;
m.mr Kroonland, for Antwerp; stmr Numidian,
for Glasgow; stmr Furnessia, ¦ ¦¦ for • Glasgow;
stmr Victoria, for. Norfolk; stmr Belgavia, fo
Hamburr. .
QUEENSTOWN — Arlved - Apr 16— Stmr Lu
canla, from New York for Liverpool, and pro
ceeded.
HAVRE— Sailed Apr 16— Stmr La Savoie, for
New-York, r :;¦>-*'*'-¦" ,•" ¦ . ' r ' '-"--^ "-¦* *¦ .
Sailed Apr 1»— Stmr Arabic, . from Liverpool,
for New York. ; . ¦
BREMEN— Sailed 'Apr 18— Stmr Parbarossa,
for: New York. \ , . ,» ~. . - :
OCEAN STEAMERS,
FALMOCTH— Arrived Apr 15— Br ship
Monkbarns. hence Dec 28; Fr bark Charles
Gounod, from Portland.
SWANSEA — Arrived Apr 12 — Fr bark Gene
vleve Molinoe, hence Dec 1".
Sailed Apr 14— Fr bark* Marie Madeleine, for
San Francisco.
VENTXOR — Passed Apr 13 — Br. ship Peleus,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco-.
HAMBURG— Sailed Apr 13 and not Apr 5— FY
bark Anne dc Bretagne, for Santa Rosalia.
PERIM— Passed Apr 15— Br ship Peleus,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Passed Apr 15 — Stmr Peleus. from Tacoma.
for Liverpool, and not Br ship from Antwerp,
as before renorted.
MAZATLAN— Sailed . Apr 15— Ger etmr
Hermonlhis. for San Francisco.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Apr 16— Ger ship Sl
rene, from Victoria.
LONDON — Arrived Apr 16 — Ger stmr Nica
rla. hence Dec 1.
PORT SAID — Arrived Apr 16— Br stmr Co
meric. from New York, for Manila.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Apr 16— Ger stmr Ti
berius, from New York. ~ : . .¦> r
HONGKONG— Arrived prior Apr 16— Br
stmr Cleverley. from New York; Br stmr Sat
suma, fom New York.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Apr 16— Stmr China,
for San Francisco. ¦, \
ADELAIDE^-Salled Apr 15— Schr G. E. Bel
lings, for Newcastle. Aus.
NEWCASTLE, AUS.— Sailed Apr 11— Schr
Inca, for Honolulu.
VICTORIA, B. C— Aor 16— Ship Glory of
Sea* passed in towing hence Apr ll.for Comox,
B. C. ; Br *tmr Empress of Japan, for Hong
kong, delayed until last ntght: Br sealing schr
Triumph reported lest from Uclulet.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed Apr 16— U S stmr Iro
quol?. for cruise; Fr bark Asnleres, • for New
Caledonia. .
KAANAFALI— Arrived Apr 15 — Schr Aloha,
from Honolulu.
KAHULUI- Sailed Apr 15 — Stmr Nevadan.
for San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Cleared Apr 16. to sail Apr
17 — Stmr Nebraskan, for San Francisco.
PHILADELPHIA— Cleared Apr 1&— Stmr
Hawaiian, for New York.
PORT BLAKELET— Arrived Apr 16— Schr
Blakeley, hence Apr 10; etmr Charles Nelson,
from Seattle.
SAX DIEGO — Arrived Apr 16 — Schr A. F.
Coats, from San Pedro-
PORT TOWXSEND— Sailed Apr 16-^Ship
Star of France, for Pyramid Harbor; Ger
chip Octavla, for Callao.
• ISLAND PORTS.
ASTORIA— Sailed Apr 16— V S stmr Rose
cxan5, for San Francisco; schr Mabel Gal?,
for San Pedro; Fr bark Armen for Queens
town. . - r
Arrived Apr 16— Scbr Expansion, from San
Pedro. .. . ...
SKAGWAT— Sailed "Apr 15, 8 p m— Stmr
Humboldt. for Seattle, mm}".
TACOMA— Sailed Apr'lS— Schr James Rolph.
for San Pedro.
BAKDON— Arrived Apr 16 — Stmr Chlco,
hence Aor 13.
COOS BAT— Sailed Apr 16— Schr James A.
Garfleld. for San- Pedro.
Arrived Apr IS — Brig Lurllne. hence Apr 4;
schr Roy Somer*, hence Apr S; schr Fannie
Adele. hence Apr 10: Echr Defiance, hence Apr
8; schr Jennie Wand, hence Apr 1.
TATOOSH— rased out Apr 16 — Schr Robert
R. Hind, from Port Gamble, for San Francisco
SAX PEDRO — Arrived Apr 16 — Stmr Whites!
boro, from Point Arrna; schr Zampa. from As
toria; schr Alice McDonald, from Astoria;
etmr Bonlta, hence Apr 13.
Sailed Apr 16— Pchr Banjcor.' for Port Gam
ble; schr Jos H. Bruce, for San Francisco;
tchr Henry Wilson, for Grays Harbor: stmr
Bonita, for San Francisco; schr Lottie Carson,
for Eureka; stmr Cantralla. for San Francisco;
Bchr Willie A. Holden. for Port Townsend
Sailed Apr IB— Schr Meteor, for Port Town
ee nd. ,
kane, for San Francisco; itmr San Gabriel, for
San Pedro; Ital ship Agostino Terrlzzano, for
Sydney.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Apr 18— Schr Al
lco Cooke. hence Mar 31.
Sailed Apr 10 — Ger ship L>ika, for Melbourne;
Br ship Castle Reck, for Fremantle. ¦
COSMOPOLJS— Arlved Apr 13 — Schr Roy
Scmer.". hence Aor 8.
UMPQUA RIVF.R— Sailed Apr 13— Stmr San
Gabriel, for San Pedro, via Eureka.
Arrived Apr 15 — Schr Lucy, from San Pedro.
SEATTLE— Arrived Apr- 16— Stmr Charles
Nelson, from Eureka.
Sailed Apr 10 — Stmr Asuncion, for San Fran
cieco.
Arrived Apr 16 — Fr bark Marguerite Doll
fuip. from Hull. .
Sailed Apr 16— Stmr City of Seattle, for
Ska r way.
REDONDO— Arrived Apr 1&— Schr Hono
lulu,-from Anseortcs.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Apr 16— Stmr
Melville Dollar, hence Apr 13.
Sailed Apr 15 — Schr Guide, for San Fran
cisco.
The United States export trade In
South America is but a dollar annually
for each of the inhabitants of that con
tinent.
A lecture on "Sweden and the
Swedes" was given last night at the
auditorium of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association, corner of Ellis and
Mason streets, by JB. R. \ Baumgardt.
The lecturer took his auditors through
centuries of history of the land of the
Vikings and illustrated his talk with
many interesting and Instructive stere
opticon views. The lecture was well
attended.
Gives Licctiiro on Sweden.
The contempt proceedings against
Chief Wittman and Captain Duke for
disobeying an Injunction restraining
the police from interfering with the
business of Jean Pon, restaurant own
er at 1129 Dupont street, were called
in Judge Cook's court yesterday. 'An
affidavit was read by Pon alleging
that for the last ten days two police
men in uniform have been placed In
front of his restaurant and arrests
made in violation of the Injunction.
The respondents were given till to
morrow morning to file an. answer.
Police In Contempt.
The Pacific Mail Company's liner
City of Para eailed yesterday for Pan
ama and v.-ay ports. She carried" a full
cargo and many passengers.
•
City of Para Sails.
The American ship Reuce, which ar
riv«nl Friday evening from Newcastle,
Australia^ encountered fine weather
throughout the passage, which she
made in seventy-three days. Her car
go, which consisted of 2440 tons of coal,
rr-ached here In good condition.
Makes Fair Passage.
Thp steamship Gaelic, which i? due
to-day from the Orient, is bringing an
¦unusually large consignment of raw
Filk. She has on board more than 1400
baJp?, Trhich represents a market value
of nearly 51.OP0.003. The silk -will be
taken from the liner's hold as soon as
the docks and plae#d on the cars for
shipment East.
»
Bringing Much Ran- Silk
The French bark Marguerite Dollfus.
which arrived yesterday at Puget
Sound from Hull vio Rio de Janeiro.
>vas quoted for reinsurance at 10 per
cent. The Liarr.orna. is stilflVi the over
due list at SO per cent. The Englehorn,
Notre Dame d'Arvor and Lamoriciere
r.re quoted at 15 per cent, and the Alba
and Hilbre at 19 per cent.
For Honolulu— M!ss L,. A. Avery, Mrs.
A. Allen, Mrs. G. T. Ba!ch and infant.
F. F. Baldwin, Mrs. F. F. Baldwin.
nfant and maid: C. Bolte, Miss 1^.
Bradley, Miss B. Bradley. MiES A.
Brune. J. B. Castle. Mrs. G. Carson,
Mrs. E. G. Can-era, C. M. Cooke. W.
rv Crouch. F. C. Grafwick. Mrs. W.
H. Gratwick. Miss M. Gratwick, Mrs.
5. J. Hardison and child. Mips E. A.
Kalstead. Mrs. F. M. Hatch, Dr. Arch
er Irwin, Mrs. E. A. Kidd, Fred S.
Knipht, MrF. Fred S. Knight and ttvo
children. Dr. S. B. P. Knox. ,T. P.
Knox. I. Levingston. Mrs. I. Living
ston. Miss S. B. Lowrie, A. MacKillop,
Miss J. McAdara, R- S. McBride. G.
B. McClellan. Miss B. McDonald, Miss
L. McDonald. B. S. McElhinny, D. J.
McKay. J. Michaels. Mrs. J. G. Moir,
Miss Moir, Miss M. Nichols. C. E.
Phipps. Miss M. Phi ppp. Mrs. Grace
Pratt. J. W. Pullman, Mrs. A. Raas
and chlJd, W. O. Smith,. E. J. TValker,
J. S. Welch, Mrs. J. S. Welch. 'D. L..
U'ithington, Dr. E. W. Tcung, Mrs. E.
W. Young.
Yokohama— P. B. de Anker. H. J.
Bradley, W. Foster. B. Guggenheim,
T. Hirose, Miss E. M. Holcomb. Maura
Kami. Dr. T. Kimura. Albert Kolb, M.
\"agata, T. Nakayarr.a. P. S. Name
kata. O. H. P. Noyes. P. Popovici. J.
r. Siegfried, Edgar Wagner. N. Yatu
shiro.
Kobe— Kev. J. E. Adams. J. H. A11I
bob^ Miss Maud Bonnell, H. Kouga.
ShanghrJ— Miss E. M. Chisholm. J.
t-Z. Hartshorn. George Howell, Mrs,
ioorge Howell and child, Mrs. M. J.
Nault. Dr. J. M. Oxner. Mrs. J. M.
3xner. A. P. Simpson, Mips Stella E.
?:enhouse, N. Thomassin, Mrs. N. Tho-
Hongkong— J. W. Bolles. Dr. H. W.
Deyd. C T. Briggs. N. C. Burrus, Mrs.
X. C. Burrus and child. L. M. Har
rington. Venn Hughes. Mrs. E. Hurto,
F. J. McGlinchey. L. H. Morris. R. N.
N'ason. Mrs. R. N. Nason, H. Renjes,
Mrs. II. Iienjcs. A. L.. Scott. Mrs. A.
U Scott and son. MrF. J. W. Smith,
W. F. Smith. Miss C. Thacher, Tom
Uir.g. H. M. Wislcr. -
Ovcreuo Carle .\rriv<
The Pacific Mall Company's liner Ko
rea. Captain TV. B. Seabury. Balled
yesterday for Hcmolulu asd the Far
East. She carried about 9000 tons of
freight, of Tvhich many tons £re for
Japan. The Japanese consignment con
sists largely of railroad equipment and
includes 1600 tons of barley. The cargo
for Japan is valued at more than
S500.000.
There were two bridal couples on
board and wherever they went they
left behind a trail of blossoms and
rite with which their friends freely
bombarded them. Dr. and Mrs. E. W.
Young of Seattle will pass their honey
moon at Honolulu. The other hooey
mooners, Mr. and Mrs. R. N. Xason
of this city, will travel on the Korea
to Hongkong and will tour the Orient
before returning.
. The Korea's passengers included the
fallov.-irs named:
D acific Mail Steamship Company's Big Liner Takes Departure
for Far East With Many Passengers, Among Whom Are Two
Bridal Couples Who Are Made Targets for Rice. Bombardment
There -will be, a review of the en
tire commandery In full Templar uni
form, an exhibition by California's
famous drill corps under command of
Captain R- P. Hurlburt,' who, led the
same corps to victory at Louisville In
1901. There will also be a choice pro
gramme of music,, instrumental and
vocal, after which there will be a ball.
Next Thursday evening in . th? Me
chanics' PavlllonOi, ; reception will be
tendered by Calif ornla^ Comniandery
No. 1, Knfehts' Templar, to Eminent
Sir Thomas HJ'' Brown,' Its cominander.
More than 6000 ¦ invitations have been
Issued.
California's Famous Corps Glvo
ExhibiUon Drill.
Fire Thousand \ People InTlterl to See
KOREA CARRIES RAILROAD EQUIPMENT
FOR JAPAN AS PART OF LARGE CARGO
BLIGHTS TESIPLAR "WIIiD
RECEIVE TBTE COMMANDER
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL", SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1904.
37
THE MIIiMOX DOLLAR
FREIGHT TRAIN.
By Frank H. 6pcarman.
The First of a Series of These
ThrilUns Railroad Stories by
¦Jie Best Writer lnv
America.
CT SUNDAY CALL.
A isuitay, room, , . a .. light and
airy apartinent, , j mhkes ,- life
worth Ilvlnff.
. . There •' are ; many, such . rooms
and ' ¦' apartments advertised ;' In
ROOBIS i TO LET: and \ APART-
MENT-HOUSE columns.
ADVEBTISEMZNTS.
menbemaSly
Scientific
g§ ". Hatoral
i f ) i if!- n *m smlj 1MB .
c * I H/s||Sft!<- Simnip
: ; pa mm> ol ¦¦***.
Gives Vim, Vlgtir-and Vitality, COM*
PEL1INO GEOWTE and life. Bashful
and. incompetent men .made confident.
Don't be half a man; use a natural re-
storative. Our Vacuum Developer com-
bined with our Improved "Perfect" local
absorbing. .:..;.«
(Direct Medication).* '
Soluble f Medicated '. Bougies or Crayons
quickly, cures Gleet, all drains. Stricture.
Prematureness. Prostatic Affections, etc.
We have a SPECIAL Medicated Crayon
for GOKOBSEOEA, which is especially
effective, being- Germicldal. -Antiseptic,
Soothing and Healing; it materially
shortens the attack and leaves no bad ef-
fects, as ! with ' the ' old forms of treat-
ment.' /: - ''¦
For VABICOCX1B our Improved »B-
VXXiOFZS, : ; combined .* with our STsw
; "Pattnted" ST7SFB3TSOBT . and COM-
PBESSOK, will quickly cure. every case.
> Don't be operated upon. Investigate this.
: . Call or write for descriptive. Illustrate
; ed.; "copyrighted" 100-page, book.' Health
No.' 6. for. .Mea . only. : - Sent v Beeorely
Sealed Pree. Our Physicians are experi-
enced and-; strictly : ' reliable \ specialists
and euro all diseases of Men by modem
methods., - . -, ' ;
; Treatment Beat or arlvea on 10 «*T»'
trl*l and approval. Hours: 9 to 0; Sun-
day. 10 tol.- -' -
, • KSAZiTR -APVUAV0B '00.
Z ¦ 6 O'FARRELL , 8T, Neat aUrW. • .
l$t000 TO WEAK MENU
0 I Will Pay It to Any Man Suffering From Rheumatism, Lame-Back, o
%l Varicocele, Weakness and Waste of Power, If I Cannot Cure Him 2
J Quickly and Forever by^ the Grand Product of Nature, Dr. McLaugh- J|
• lin's Electric Belt. Send for the Free Book. o
5 Look Manly. Tj^f^ > _ Wear It 5
3 Feel Manly. V t j While You S
I FREE ELECTRIC SUSPENSORY FOR WEAK MEN!
9 ¦ . . • . . ' :.-V.- • • - •
© This Electric Suspensory carries the current direct to the weak parts and, cures all weakness of men.*
5 varicocele, etc. It is free. It develops and expands all weak organs and checks unnatural drains. No case of §
S Failing Vigor, Varicocele or Debility can resist the powerful Electric Suspensory. It never fails to cure. It is %
q free with Belts for Weak Men. : :^ ;r : •
S Xo man should be weak; no man should suffer the with the new life flowing into them. You get up In the 2
2 loss of that vital element which renders life worth 11V- morning feellng^llke a- two-year-old. JJ
• ing. Xo man should allow himself to become lees a man »if«^ q w a rri<« im n™ .t,^. t>.««. v.^ . «-v» %. , u I
S ff'heS^ttaJld" certain *£&* £8^^^v2?Z££"l 1% SffiJ g
§ cufe °fo?m. J weJkn«.? to hi "wSuf o* power" &£Z£22* "*"* \ ??. ** M - '^^ ""* ? " S
1 „ old man of 70 he feels as strove • «id youn f |
§ to an early Ios3 of nature's reserve power through mis- O uth * snows how it renews the vigor of J
• be k res?ored° Ut Theory 1 efeinMft'whfJh'you 1 have : lost yoi" Tv«f,M. Rh T?^?«^»?:. S^ t!c i Paln^' J; umba SO. Kid- •
® can get back, and you may be as happy as any man that ?ey Trouble. It banishes pain In a night, never to re- •
% lives. . turn -- . •
• My Electric Belt, with special Electric Suspensory only^ ¦w°uSi«*whS •li"*2SS'- 1 1 Sa w*«L^ 2
© <tr&S .will restore your power. It will check all un- rllco^ndTlTto^A^ North Tw^Tad*" iS.'tadk 2
O natural drains and give back the old vigor of youth for yea and he received won J; rfnl re3U n,." °*" 2
O Just lately 1 have received letters of praise from i . ' • ©
a these men: • What ails you? Write and tell me. and, no matter 2
T ' . * . • where you are. I think 1 can give you the address of ¥
O James P. Daniels, 709 Devlsadero street, San Francisco. H<s • some one in your town that I have cured. I've cured •
9 was cured of a back trouble of 12 years 1 standing. thousands and every man of them is a walking adver- ©
O J- M. Oaaklll, 220 Qhestnut avenue, Santa Crua. Cal.. who tisement- for my Belt. A
A says I cured. him of IndiBestlon, ConBttpatlon. Nervousness and Every man who ever used it recommends it because A
m. Lumbago, from which he had suffered for fifteen years. it Is honest. It does great' work, and those whom I f)
© This drain upon your power causes Kidney Trouble. have cured are the more grateful because the cure cost £
A Rheumatism and Stomach Ailments. You know it's a so U."**- '_-'•- , 1. ~. j t ¦- ;. " '»'^ A
S loss of vital power and affects every organ of the body. E\ery man who uses my Belt gets the advice and g
• ?raced° f to th i? a » ments ' rom which raen suffer can be SSfiffl In 1 £Z?%?y£Krt a l^Tha^e^?^ S
g I have cured thousands of men who have squandered th?Ielt *o? e £rlt^ ™&d£ "^'aV'^STtlSriliSi S
g the savings of years in useless doctoring. trated book with cuts, showing how my Belt Is applied, S
5£ AJy Belt is easy to use; put it on when you, go to bed; . and lots of. good reading for men who want to be "The S
? you feel the glowing heat from "It (no sting or burn, as Noblest Work of God." A MAX. Inclose this ad. and I 2
• in the old style belts), and you feel the nerves tingle will send this book, sealed, free. ©
S 1~^*~ A/% C~^l /Vlr^'I-^^iicyf-i'lir-i market st. •
2 1— '* • / ? m.« ¦ <*• /TlVJL^ClU^f 1111 1 9 Above EU1«. Saa Praadsco. 2
™ ¦""¦"";'.'V.V '-''."'¦¦ V- ¦*>¦'¦''¦¦'•¦¦ V--:.- -»¦_;,.•¦;.¦..,...•¦ . ! 9
9 x Offlce Hours — 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays, 10 to 1. Xot sold in drug stores. QOn behalf of the club, in apprecia
tion of McNair's good administration
as president, Mr. Ashe presented him
a gold watch and fob. ' McNair ' ex
pressed his gratitude " to his . fellow
members, after, which he introduced
William H. Alford, who made a stir
ring address on the life of Jefferson.
Thomas M. O'Conner, known familiar
ly as the boy orator, made a very hu
morous address. ' .
; Joseph O'Donnell made the, closing
speech upon "Our City." At the con
clusion of his address the members
adjourned to the club headquarters.
R. Porter Ashe, tlewty* appointed
president of the club, made the open
ing address of welcome, after which
he named former President W. W.
McNalr as toastmaster.
The birthday of Thomas Jefferson,
together with the fourth anniversary
of the Monticello Ch^b, was fittingly
celebrated by a banquet at the Lick
House last night. ;*'V:
Advocates of Democracy Make Stirring
Speeches Reminiscent of Life of
i ..y ; .Thomas Jefferson. .t r v/
MOXTTCEL.LO . CLTJB GIVES
FOURTH AXXUAL BANQUET
In the Chinese exhibit at the World's
Fair there is. one vase that was sold
recently in Peking for $10,000.
The committee appointed by the
Gaelic League In California to perfect
arrangements for the great Gaelic
dancing contest to be held in the Al
hambra Theater on Friday and Satur
day evenings,- May 13 and 14, met on
Thursday evening. The entertainment
will be thoroughly Irish in character,
and the most novel ever held In Cal
ifornia. Irish selections will be ren
dered by the Gaelic Pipers' Club, Gael
ic, songs by the O'Carolan Choral So
ciety of Oakland, and an address on the
Gaelic revival will be delivered by the
Rev. P. C. Yorke, State president of
the Gaelic League.
The main feature of the evenings will
be the contest for the Gaelic dancing
championship of the Pacific coast; val
uable prizes will be awarded the best
dancers. As a number of well-known
Irish dancers all over the Pacific coast
have signified their intention to com
pete for the coast championship, it is
certain that the tournament .will prove
exciting in the extreme.
There will be an intermission each
evening when the Judges retire for the
purpose of deciding the competition,
during which time there will be an ex
hibition of step-dancing by the Juvenile
members of the Gaelic Dancing Club.
Great Carnival Is ArranEed by the
Gaelic League to Take Place at
the Alhambra Theater.
IRISH DANCERS WILL
COMPETE FOR PRIZES
According to statistics compiled in
Havana, Cuba exported baled leaf to
bacco to the value of 512,000,000 and
rlgars to the same value. America
took more than one-half of the tobac
co in bales, and received less than one
fourth of the cigars.
Eastern visitors who have been
spending the winter' in Southern Cali
fornia are now heading this way. The
arrivals at Hotel del Monte during the
week include the following named:
A. Glass, Airs., C. Reis, T. Reis Jr./ A.
D. Shepard, San Francisco; E. O.
Smith, Albert P. Smith. Rollln Wood
yat, Chicago; B. K. Moore, New.York;
Mr. and Mrs. N. S. Farley, Oakland;
Dr. Butterfield and the Misses Butter
field, Vermont; C. W. Muir, Mrs. Muir
and Miss Muir, Chicago; Mr. and Mrs.
E. H. Flinn, Miss Mary Flinn, Detroit;
Mr. and Mrs. R. McGowan, Canada;
Mr. and Mrs. J. A. Samper, S. G. Davi
son, Lynn, Mass.; Miss Mayo, Spring
field, Mass.; Miss Roots, Mount Ver
non; Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Paull, Wheel
ing, W. Va.; Mr. and Mrs. F.' O. Wells,
Greenfield, Mo.; H. L. Carter, airs.
Carter, the Misses . Leslie and Alice
Carter, Boston; Dr. and Mrs. Chapin,
New York; Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Gld
dings and family, Barrington, Mass.;
Mr. and Mrs. Carl Meyer, Mr/and Mrsi
John Sloane and two servants; Mrs:
J. A. McDougal, Mrs. J. H. : Benedict;
Mrs. E. M. Henderson, ' "Miss H. "A.
Henderson, Miss T. B: Henderson!
Lewis. H. Gilbert, Miss/ Bigelow, Mr.
and .Mrs. J. T. Foffen, ¦ New York;
Charles D. Hoard, Miles Almy, Chi
cago;..Mr. and Mrs. Charles A. Eaton,'
Brockton, Mass.; Mrs. A. N. Thomp
son, W. D. Thompson, Mrs. Charles
Boyden, Michigan; William Mooller,
Oakland; Mrs. H. L. Dodge, Mrs. E. S.
Hodgson, Cuyler Lee, San Francisco;
Mrs. E. A. Uhrjg, Alexander and Ed
win Uhrig, Milwaukee; Mr. and Mrs.
Henry I. Cohen, Bralnerd, Minn.; Mr.
and Mrs. C. H; Hawley, Manchester,
Vt.;.Mr. and Mrs. G. G. Benedict, Miss
Benedict, Burlington, Vt.; Mr. ' and
Mrs. G. T. Lewis, Miss Marie Lewis,
Erie, Pa.; Mr. and Mrs. P. Mitchell,
Minnesota; Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Kair
der, Pennsylvania; . Mrs. R. C. Mac-
Fie and daughter, Missouri; Mr. and
Mrs. Moss and. family. New Jersey;
Major Willard Abbott, Cleveland,
Ohio; Mr. and Mrs. William Bacon,
Mrs. C. P. Severance, Miss Emily Sev-r
erance, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Kennedy
and family, Boston; Mrs. F. N. Shep
pard and Miss Sheppard, Iowa; Mrs.
A. 3. Miller, Mrs. G. W. . Matthews.
South Bend; Mr. and Mrs. W. H.
VISITORS FROM
EAST GATHERING
AT DEL MONTE
The engines of a first-class man-of
war cost about $700,000. *'¦-,;
Japan is -so mountainous that buj
one-sixth of its area can be cultivated.
The disposition of garbage. has been
one of the vexatious problems of mu
nicipal sanitation In- Memphis. Several
years ago crematories were estab
lished there, and now nearly 120 tons-^
of garbage are collected and consumed
dally. .-. :•*,'.¦; .
The Colma Athletic Club . yesterday
brought suit against the Lincoln Ath
letic Club to recover $80 alleged to
be due for frames delivered to the
defendant. The case will be tried be
fore Justice of the Peace Lawson.
One Club Sues Another.
T. K. Stateler, San Francisco; Graham
Pope, Mrs. H. C. Pope, Houghton,
Mich.; Harry Jackson, Oldham, Eng
land. . . .
Dann, Miss O. L. Dann and Paul Nel
son Dann, New Haven, Conn.; Mr. and
Mrs. L. P. Goodhur, Denver; Charles
Janin, Susan Schring, San Francisco;
L. M. Riddlesforger, Warren' Pa.; Mrs.
L. P. Holden, Miss Holden, Maldon,
Mass.; Mr. and Mrs. Manchester, La
Jblla; Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Velentine,
Richmond; H. S. Bingham, Detroit;
Mr. and Mrs. William Campbell. Pitts
burg; Mrs. E. W. Barnes, Leicester,
Mass.; Mrs. Charles F. Ellis, Erie, Pa.;
Van Orsdale, Mrs. L.- E. Hard, : Aurora,
111.; Mrs. William Engle, Miss Engle,
F. A. Sayles and party, Maine;
Mr. and Mrs. E. H. Fox, Mrs. J. Moir
and Miss Moir, Chicago; P. J. Ol
ney. San Francisco; J. H. Owen, J. M.
Davies, New Zealand; Frank Bruce,
Mrs. B. M. .Holman, Mrs. L. F." Wat
son, George Watson, Mrs. M. E. Saw
yer, Willard H.Platt, New York; Mr.
and Mrs. H. R. McGregor, Boston; Mr.
and Mrs. S. H. Bratten and Master
Bratten, Philadelphia. \
Mrs. Gratwick. Miss Gratwick and
Miss Lowry, Mr. and Mrs.- HesSberp,
John Sloane Jr. and Miss Sloane, J. P.
Cassidy, ¦ Frank Bruce, Mr. and Mrs.
R. A. Miller.^New York; C. H. Carter,
Boston; Inn and*Mrs\'Rrs.' Morrison,
Mr. and Mrs. 3 Edward Gunn, Miss
Gunn, Cambridge,\Mas3.; Miss Mary
Adams. Philadelphia; Mr. and Mrs. W.
H. Cassidy, PittSburg; ' Mrs. W.' P.
Gale, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. A.
M. Sutton, Berkeley; Mr., and Mrs.J.
A. R. Wilson, Los Angeles;Mr. and Mrs.
C. A. Lathrop, Stanford; Mr. and Mrs.
W. J. purfey, Montclalr; Mr. and Mrs.
Avery, Miss Avery and maid, Mr. and
Mrs. F. J. Cameron and son, A. M.
Kellog, Milwaukee; Mrs.'E. H. Butler,
Miss Butler, Mrs. M. H. Clark, Ohio;
Dr. and Mrs. H. Fink. Indianapolis;
MrsrL. L. W. Bready,' Winnipeg; Mrs.
C. G. Rodgers, Mrs. H. L. Lovell Jr.,
Miss Price, Kentucky; Mrs. A.' H. Hal
den, Chicago; Mr. M.-H. Clark, W. A.
Clark, Cincinnati; Mrs. C. K. Scovllle,
Miss Josephine Scoville, Miss Frances
Scoville, Seneca, Kansas.
Mr. and Mrs. D. W. Robinson, H. A.
Johnston, Mrs. Hi M. Kinsley, William
J. Weppner, Mrs. J. Fisher and the
Misses Fisher, New York; Mr. and Mrs.
F. G. Armstrong, Mr. and Mrs. W. W.
Blerce. Mrs. J. f. Jelke and J. F. Jelke
Jr., Chicago; Mr. and Mrs. E. P. Charl
ton, Fall River; . L. L. Hall, Lowell,
Mass.; Mr. and Mrs. Charles B. Judd,
Mrs. Roberts and Miss Roberts and
Mr. and Mrs. F. ,W. Randell, Toledo,
Ohio; William H. Armstrong, Mr and
Mrs. Bayard Henry, Mr. and Mrs. J.
levering Jones, Philadelphia; Mrs. Ma
tilda Chldsey, Easton; Pa.; T. J. Shl
mer, Milton, Pa.; Mrs. William H. Por
ter, ; Miss Annette Porter, Wilming
ton,' 111.; John. Conway, Apple
ton, Wis.; Mr. and Mrs. J. R.
Brown, Pittsburg; D..C. Hanrahan. U.
S. N.;.Kathryne Clark, Independence.
Iowa; Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Green, Seat
tle; Mr. and Mrs. J. Howard. Denver;
J. F. McCarthy, Mr.' and" Mrs. W/ B.
Swain, F. F. Scanlon, E. H. Ostrander,
Miss L. O'Connor and Mrs. Pafcheco,
San Francisco. ' '
Miss A; D. Goodwin, Mrs. T. J. Buf
fum.Mr. and Mrs. H. E. Babcock, Bos
ton ; Mrs. Schuyler Grant, Miss Clara
Grant, Mrs. H. C. Moore, Miss Kath
erlne Moore, Detroit; Mrs. J.C. Weld
man, Miss Elsie Weidman, Cleveland;
Mrs. George Langtry, Mrs. R. J. Col
lie, Mrs. A. C. Fleming.. Estelle Cham
pagne, Wisconsin; Miss C. M. Sebree,
Miss M. Sebree, C. T. Sanford and son,
Mrs. G.-;W. Dubols, Miss Dubola, New
York; Mrs. Whittam and Miss Marian
Whlttam, England: G. W. Kline, Mr.
and Mrs. P. J. Schmidt, Christiana
Reis, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. Al
bert M. Day, Mrs. A. R. Lee, Erie, Pa.;
Mrs. Alfred Cany St. Louis; j E. John
son and Mrs. Johnson, Mrs. H. S.
Clark. -Mrs. H. W. • Kenall,
Iowa; Mrs. John Mclntyre, Mr. and
Mrs. J. A. Murray, Butte; Mr. and
Mrs. Quohe, Sydney, Australia; Mr. and
Mrs. S. , R. Hamiel, i Miss Haroiel, Terre
Haute; Miss Katherine P. Moore, De
troit; Mr. and Mrs. D. M. Thompson,
Providence; Mrs. J. Robertson and the
Mlsses^ S RobertsoniY Jacksonville, 111. ;
Joseph SlegelrSalt'Lak^ City; Mr." and
Mrs. , H. M. K.' Wing, Glen \Falls ; Mrs.
C H. Gunther ;> and T. Gunther, Chi
cago: 7 ¦"" : .'/¦ '
. Mrs. . E. .A. McNelll,', Litchfleld, Conn.;
Mrs. W. H. Jessup, Miss Laura Jessup,
Mohtrbse, Pa. ; Mr. and Mrs. ; H. B.
Manton.r'Akrqn, O.;' Mr. and -Mrs. J. R.
Manton and j family, Mrs. Harriet Man
ton, Akron, 'o.;. Miss Louisa Kuhn,' Hi.
S. Blngham, - Detroit ;. Mr. and V. Mrsi.
William F. J Cpchrah, /Pasadena;. Mr.
and Mrs. J. H. Selz, Mr. and Mrs. C. X,
Reynolds, Chidago; Mr. and Mrs. F.'N.
That done, let every, accredited man
and woman in the convention lend
best efforts to promote proceedings—
not to retard them. Constructionists,
not obstructionists, make for success.
Let any wisps of sectionalism that
might chance to blow in be cast igno
miniously into the sea, and let us stand
together, from north, south, east and
west, primarily as Californians. With
that spirit— and that spirit alone con
stitutes patriotism, the other'provin
cialism—will the greatest movement
yet to be put forth in California for the
public good be started well on its way.
And thus is it that now on the eve
of the Camino Real convention, which
might as logically, if not picturesquely,
go on record as a good roads conven
tion, no "croaker" has raised voice to
say "It ain't practical."
When that. convention, whereat the
gavel will fall at 2 p. m. on Tuesday,
takes upon itself a permanent person
ality and uhdertakesHo shape a policy
for royal roads through our bloom
blest State, at that moment will "love
of State" assume a- meaning that
stands for something. Patriotism is
all bombast unless we prove our love
of native 'land by acts — acts. And now
is the. hour' at hand for every Cali
fornlan to prove up on. his claim of
patriotism.
Let every delegate from Del Norte
to San Diego n make a mighty effort
to reach Santa Barbara for that his
tory-making convention.
We Californians have* a fashion
every time we run afoul pt an East
ern visitor of forthwith .Indulging in
the vierv laudable pursuit of setting
forth '.the multifarious virtues of our
State-v-sometimes, alas, with more
enthusiasm than accuracy. However,
on the grounds of patriotism, a di
version from stupid facts is not so
sheollc a crime. Indifference to State
growth is worse and so should be
classed apathy toward State improve
ments, .because perchance they lie not
at our own doorsteps, and obstruction-
Ism generally. These form the bulk
of that far-famed army of Cali
fornians, the "Knockers," ,\vho, by the
agency; of divine and human laws,
have been largely eliminated by death,
absorbed by education or silenced by
shame,' and therefore are we forging
forward.
The delegates from San Francisco
will leave for the old mission town on
the 6:45 o'clock' coast line train, Third
and Townsend streets, Monday night,
arriving in Santa Barbara Tuesday
morning. In addition to the six dele
gates appointed from the executive
committee of the ! allied commercial
bodies— James D. Phelan, Andrea: Sbar
boro, L. D. Lane, Mrs. Lillian Fergu
son, Thomas H. Varney and Mrs. Laura
Bride Powers— the following delegates
have been appointed by Miss Flnkel
dey, grand president of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West! Laura
J. Frakes, grand secretary; Ema Gett,
past grand president; C. K. Witte
meyer, past grand president;. Emma G.
Foley, grand treasurer; Mrs. j Andrew
Hill; Arina Stirling, grand trustee;
Eva Bussenius, grand marshal, and
Cora B. Siftord, past grand president.
From the Daughters of California
Pioneers, Miss Eliza D. Keith will go
asVthe appointee of Mrs. Sydney S.
Palmer, president. Mrs. Caroline
Rickey Olney, who has done much
valiant service toward crystallizing .in
terest in the work, has been appointed
one of ' the delegates from the State
Federation of Women's Clubs by Mrs.
George *TLaw Smith; so, too, has Mrs.
A. S. C. Forbes of Los Angeles, who,
perhaps, more than any other woman
in the south, save Miss Anna B.
Pitcher, has helped to bring results
out of vague vaporings. The Trustees
of Alameda County have appointed
State Senator Joseph R. Knowland to
represent the district over the bay.
Now, here's a thing worth noting —
behold a convention wherein the dele
gates are not all men; nor yet are they
all women. Now, conventions of either
sex are profuse as ' cherry blossoms,
but here's one wherein both are ac
credited — the very first on record. It
remains to be seen who does the most
talking— likewise, who will say the
most. Of course, we all have our pre
arranged opinions! Tuesday at 2
p. m., at Santa Barbara.
Then comes the ,. opportunity of the
voters of the State; when the conven
tion shall h'ave adjourned, to take up
the : work in their own ; counties and
push it along with. vigor. To be sure,
the restoring of El Camino Real and its
subsidiary roads cannot be done in a
month, nor yet in a year; but let us
have a beginning, a big, vigorous, mo
mentous beginning.
By Laura Bride Powers..*
OLD MISSION TOWN
AWAITS CONVENTION
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1901.
A live wire fell in a Swiss apiary and
killed 400,000 bees ¦
38
' •¦/¦•'•/• - : ''/"-¦* '¦' '"/.'-¦ .':.¦ NEWMAN & IiEVINSOy. -' - _¦-,_• - • - - - - ;:.-;:.:
: , Kearny and Sutter Sts. . ¦
Ladies^ Summer Underwear
Elegant Showing of Warm Weather Undergarments To-morrow.
(11r»t Floor K car a 7 St.)
Ready again with t large and most attractive collection of Summer Underwear for ladies. The
variety is greater than ever', including various desirable weights in cotton, lisle, silk, 'silk mixed and
linen; The point we make aad emphasize is that they are all high-grade garments, made of best
materials and priced as low asTtliable Underwear can possibly be sold for.
Ladles' Swiss Ribbed Cotton VESTS, sleeveless, -~ Ladies' ribbed Lisle Thread Equestrienne TIGHTS, j g r
with fancy crecheted yokes, in white; special at. 5UC knee or ankle length, in black, special at, per pair < £W
Ladies' Swiss Ribbed Silk Pitted VESTS, low --^ Ladies'fine ribbed Cotton UNION SUITS.with long r ~ r
neck and sleeveless; excellent ralue at < 3C or short sleeves, ate j sleeveless, in white only; suit < -» w
Ladles' Spun Silk VESTS; with exquisite yokes + 4 AA Ladies' ribbed Lisle Thread UNION SUITS, with i ~c '¦¦
crocheted by hand, in cream, pink or blue, at. .$1 .UU low or high neck, lightweight, white only; suit «pi •<«
Ladies' fine ribbed Cotton CORSET COVERS, in - A _ Ladies' ribbed Silk Plated UNION SUITS, in <4 L^
white, high neck, with long or short sleeves, at . .SUC white, for summer wear; knee or ankle I'gth; sults>i »< J
First: Sale of Summer W^sh Goods (i^^a>
No better opportunity could present itself. We place on sale to-morrow hundreds of yards of
this season's favorite Wash Fabrics, just when you need them most. A glance at the goods will
reveal the fact that no such values have ever been offered. The"y 're priced this way : ...;/-;: *.'-•
Fancy Lawns and Piques, 29 inches wide, la a particularly Pretty White Mercerized Poplins, 28 inches wide, in the
fine variety of latest designs; were 20c. yard, - iAf% daintiest of scroll designs; very desirable just «*
i sale price...;.. 14C now for summer waists; worth 40c. yard, at-... <iUC
White Mercerized Cambrics, In neat figures and stripes, Fine White Damasks- a beautiful linen finished material,
an exquisite fabric for suits and waists ; real o ~ in neatest of figure, floral and polka dot designs; ~>
value 35c yard, sale price....... ..:... 2JC real value 50c- yard, salo price. OOC
'Sale of Men's Fancy Half- Hose |c§p8|
50c and 75c Styles = Sale Price. 33c.
A special purchase of over 2500 pairs of Men's Fancy Half-Hose go on sale to-morrow— a
bargain opportunity of which our customers should promptly avail themselves— for never have such
fine imported socks been offered at anywhere -near this price. Every pair is in perfect
condition — some are neatly embroidered with silk, many are in lace openwork designs
— colors are black, tan and gray. If bought in the regular way they could not be sold OO- '
for less than 50c and 75c per pair. Sale price, to-morrow.
Silver Hat Pins, 10c, Sale of Bureau Scarfs
(First Wl—t Sutttr St.) (Second Floor Kesray St.)
These were not made to sell at ioc. A leading manu* We place on sale to-morrow, in our Art Department, a
facturer offered .us his entire stock at such a figure that large lot of handsome scarfs, made of fine white Brussels
we could not resist. All have 8-inch pins and sterling Net, prettily trimmed with handmade Battenberg braid,
silver tops, in a great variety of choice classical They are so ins. wide and 50 ins. long, and can
heads and flower designs. They are the kind |A be used for side-board, bureau or table runners. (M /ir
that sefi regularly at 25c each. Price Monday, |EJ(V Nothing like them in style or quality ever offered \\ /S
whUe quantity lasts .........; AV v * at the price. . Your choice, Monday, at : . . y i ** t/
Matcihless Display of Lace Allovers ;':-CKj?s)
We are now showing great varieties of choicest Lace Allovers-^-for waist coverings, yokes and
sleeves, and offer in conjunction with this exhibit, the following exceptional values :
Chantilly Lace Allovers, in white, 18 inches <1 |C Handsome Escurial Lace Allovers, iS inches *^ nn
wide, elegant new designs, atperyard $1*19 wide, in white, entirely new effects; per yard.. ?*.UlJ
Yenise Lace Allovers, 18 inches wide, in white, t1 ~j* Fine Oriental Net Allovers, cream, 44 ins. wide, *-»>»>
, cream, or ecru; exceptionally fine value; yard..«pl »^3 . in neatest of ring dot designs, special per yard $2.25
Ladies' Stylish Summer Waists oziuvto
Our Waist Department is- now replete with : the newest summer creations; Large varieties are
being shown 1 in the latest fabrics and all'offe'f6d at' remarkably attractive prices.
Waists' of Fancy" 'Percales, In daintiest of polka Waists -of White Lawn< made- with full i front and : "
, dot effects; tucked front and back, latest style - . «j. * new sleeves; entire yoke tucked in squares and -.--
sleeves; special at , #1»** edged with embroidery; splendid value at....... 5I»iO
Waists of fine White Lawn, front handsomely. Embroidered Waists, raada of linen, with front ela-
trimmed with lace and embroidery, tucked back, -.-- borately embroidered on both sides with floral •-«-¦
full sleeves; excellent value at.... *l.a» . designs; vtry stylish and fin* value at #3.13
Shoppinf by Mail Made Easy witli our New Spring Catalogue— Write for a Copy, we mail it FREE.
• AD V EBTISE MBUT3> , '
aV .s^Lr^ysu^sfisT 'jF?*^* JuEr vShT
mi^yfcnri»<r?ya»*^l^*. - * * - ¦,.*s»*'^ V v
Fi"T^S5^ i. * j ir *^*~* * * * ' ~ ¦ »»n. %.~ *y. •*• * *" Tr \^^ £^ / j i \\
\h$ Two severe cases of Ovarian Trouble ™
and two terrible operations avoided. Mrs.
Emmons and Mrs, Coleman each tell
how they were saved by the use of
Lydia E* Pinkham's Vegetable Compound*
"Dear Mrs. Ptxeiiam :— I am so pleased with the results obtained
from Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound that I feel it a duty
and a privilege to write you about it.
"I suffered for more than five years with ovarian troubles, caus-
ing an unpleasant discharge, a great weakness, and at times a faintness
would come over me which no amount of medicine, diet, or exercise
seemed to correct Your Vegetable Compound found the weak spot,
however, within a few weeks — and saved me from an operation —
all my troubles had disappeared, and I found myself once more healthy
and welL Words fail to describe the real, true, grateful feeling that is
m my heart, and I want to tell every sick and suffering sister. Don't
dally with medicines you know nothing about, but take Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound, and take my word for it, you will be a
different woman in a short time." — Mrs. Lauka Eiimons, Walker-
rille, Oat. • •
\nother Case of Ovarian Trouble
Cured Without an Operation. *$
y****»«yj^ "Dear Mrs. Phtkham: — For several years I
£ '*' 3&\ "**& troubled with ovarian trouble and a painful
Jt/zW 1^* and inflamed condition, which kept me in bed part
yfiSKfegfi 2# of tJie ll P e - * so oread a surcical operation.
¦ /§§&P*a£&&5T " l tr . ied deferent remedies hoping to get better.
BaSti? b ut nothing seemed to bring relief until a friena
||JbrS} 'S' pl*jf w k° had been cured of ovarian trouble, through
w& -' ** gp the use of your compound, induced me to try it. I
4feJfi| Sr 1 «r took it faithfully for three months, and at the end
tj^^L^" T of that time was glad to find that I was a well
— I woman. Health is nature's best gift to woman,
j|rf|p^ tvv and if j-ou lose it and can have it restored
w^a : \ \. through Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Com-
/ \^\ • p X pound I feel that all suffering women should
/ — <i'.* r know of this." — Mrs. Laura Bells Colb-
/i\v. »^ - \ MAN » Commercial- Hotel, Nashville, Tenn.
It is well to rememember such letters as above when some drug-gist tries
to get you to buy something 1 vrhich he says is " just as good " That is impos-
Bible.^as no other medicine has Buch a record of cures as Lydia E. Pink-
ham s \ egetable Compound ; accept no other and you will be glad.
Don't hesitate to write to Mrs. Pinkham if there is anything
about your sickness you do not understand. She will treat you
with kindness and her advice is free. No woman erer regretted
writing her and she has hejped thousands. Address Lynn, Mass.
C K fl ft n F 3 R F E J T U , 7* "SI 0 * ' °. rtl " rl * Prodne. tke original Jetten aad tlgv Hurt* of
fhU UUU * bOT * u » Ulawii * l «t which will prove ttHr »bsolnte eenuinenaw.
. • ADVEBTISEHENTSw
assssss^ssT 1*9 IBM ** ftjf Rfjg \\ m*W PP."! £^T^^v3k 4^ssi^^^9B^ssl*l J^i tf, iJ^ssssnVssM^Ssf^bnB
mas mtmonrr O]uuuk. a.mii i n^rrajd, cmc»c*, nC> miss i.vcr mat.
MWflmitlwH, A»««T«*». , SOS« r»rwatrUl« AT|»
>:}¦-'• >-:V.. CMOOAA9»' - ¦ ¦¦ i I __ ' - ' , •- '> ¦.: , - ¦'. "" _ :. .- - ' - CHICAQO.^T -•" ~~>
;. u - . UTTLE FRAHOE8 FHABIE KNOWLTON ¦'..= . .v..-.
trttoaeyhotogrmph uppmn bwuwitk has a mort beautiful head of golden hair, thicker than the crown of elorf 6f flSoVt
matorfj wom«o. JPranoes is waif toot yan old, aad her hair bangs within 13 inches of the floor. The'extraorainarT hair
¦tnogtheninff qtuHUe* ef Daodorhio haa grown for this little girl the most admirable be. 1 of balr ever possessed by
a child of her ag» in thm world. The other two ladies whose photographs are shown here are certainly delighted with thi
reaaltathayaffnWing Hettherof them haTing hair that would reach to their waiata before beginning the nae of Dsndcrina.
IT tS POSITIVE AND PERMANENT IN ITS RESULTS.
When applied to the scarp on either old or young, it makes the hair sprout and grow, thick, long and beautiful and theW
is no waiting around for weeks aad months to see results, either.^ Any. druggist will refund the price if it does not aot
complieh every result we elaim. NOW at all druggists in three sizes,- 25 cents, 60 cents and 91.00 per bottle.
CDCB •> «b0« tewfoWdy Baa««r{nf sets wewfU tend a l*r»e nmjt« f reo by return mall to uj one who leads tbtt --"Ttrtinins^ fekssssm'
rH6E ¦¦¦¦ite.i w««^iisM(sW^4aBis^^ ucmiinttwrw »Ump» tspa? petfais.- "»*¦— »»»^sl
¦" ' ¦"• ¦""' r ';' z _ ¦FOR.8ALE* AND GUARANTEED. BY
> REDINGTQN CO., Wtiolesalp A^cntf^ i
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Con&for&
it aLeadinjj(£
Characteristic /5*Sy
Because the tailoring it-, a- rood as hu-
man skiJI can make it. FaultJens fit. ac-
cording to the mode; excellent fabric, of
choice pattern; the proper materials used
In construction, thece make our tailoring
the desirable kind.
Pay Us ONE DOLLAR
A WEEK and meanwhile wear the buIL
Now If the time to order.
A. B. Smith Co.
123-132 Ellis St.. above Powell SI..
EAN r-RANCISOO.
jxrjrr/r j»O4Asr3r. ' Y«n|& IJ&iiSs&lx
jjvajul vox vsr- V©K?4 '3a2lrx I
wsjrsf&vT ccrjyy& ¦
amsxao£. £z,£crr/csry ~ojz
/ wyrsr£
DHL -WILLIAM^
369 Sutter Street.
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
*n<1 all other facial blemishes are removed by
DR. and Mrs. A. XV. TRAVERSE. Donohoe
building. 1170 Market street cor. Taylor, rooms
JS-29 with the electric needle, without pain or
•ctr;'cerra&neDcr fi»r8.nteed; hour* 1 to 4 p.m.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦SMMSHBBBsasasi TnU Mut li|Mm«.s«ss«ssssssa
The one object of this announcement Is to (bow
that FKEE TRIAL botties ot
MARY T. GOLDMAN'S
GRAY HAIR RESTORER
will hrta* Vaek tke orl claml color mT trmj and
hied hair and win leara the balr clean, fluffy,
and natural. It ha* no irdlsarnt aad in there
fora harailcs*. .' Nat a dja. Bo certain a n the
results that we are perfectly willing to rest any
possible future sales upon what can b*> demon--
strated with these trial bottles. 'Can we do any-
thing more fair! We pay po*Mce for thone who
b»<n» never tiied oar preparation. Send full name
,- and address and be • ur< to te U us the original color
of your hair, also send (ample of hair Address
HART T. GOLDMAN,
227-310 CoUaian BuUdlnt, St. I'anl, Ulna.
Law tails SI, Pniili. Wi h»i apnti In tmj city.
>' OTIOK. ' It costs mi tor for erery f rea sample
bottle we send oat. - It we did not hare a prepar-
ation that will cell on Its merits later, could wa
afford this method of Introduction r
¦.V.- ¦Y-For Sale by ¦. ¦ •
World Dm* Cp.. 815 Market »t. .
'/.en's Drusr Store, 1226 Market st
GcldttUn tt Cohn (Hair Btore), S22 Mkt tt.After the cook book on fruits is pre
pared the committee proposes, to dis
tribute other books and. . pamphlets
dealing with ..the preparation of Cal
ifornia products, believing i that ".." not
only the interests of California .will be
helped, but all - people •will « be ; much
benefited by the use of California
fruits and vegetables. , '
The committee has received the'fol
lowing, letter . from George T. Oldham
of Saratoga.'; Ca'l:: ¦¦''¦¦. ' ¦ ., '¦
Our little vlllak-e Is about , to enter on a
new era. ..The Interurban ;. electric cars begin
to-morrow making regular hourly trips be
tween here and San Jose. We need a news
paper, hotel and ¦ cannery. • There " is : a good
opening for each. ? I < have been appointed one
or a committee to try. to interest some " one
In the cannery project. Can .you put me in
communication with any one who might be
looking ' for ' such an opening? I assure" you
anything . you may., do will ; be greatly ap
preciated by . our DeQDleTsQBB|auMtaB
The California Promotion .Commit
tee will issue a book dealing with the
preparation of California,; fruits for
the table, giving recipes for preserving
fruits and. making jellies", -Jams and
other articles, of food. . New; dishes
will be. described and directions will
be given for, a; number of .new dishes
and will .tell how fruits may be" served
attractively. ."¦ . . .V
Volume \ViU ¦- Deal With 7 Recipes for
Prescrvlnsr Fruits and ' Making
JcIIJes and Jams, i . '
PROB1OTION COMMITTEE -
PREPARING COOK BOOK
Chow Tszchi, first secretary, of the
Chinese legation at Washington," D. C.
is in this city for the purpose- of re
ceiving Prince du Lun, who is ex
pected on the steamship Gaelic.
To Receive the Prince.
San Francisco Veterinary College.
Next session will begin June 6th. Catalogue-*
by applying . to Dr. E. J. Crcely, 510 G. Q. ave.»
At the regular meeting yesterday of
the San Francisco Public School Teach
ers' Annuity, and ' Retirement ' Fund
Commissioners it was announced that
owing to continued deficits in the an
nuity fund annuitant teachers -in'
future be entitled to. receive only $63 a
quarter Instead of $90, as heretofore.
It has all along been known that the
$1 a; month each teacher.' is supposed
to pay into the fund It not ''sufficient
to meet* the drafts thereon and should
the number of annuitants' increase it
will be found impossible to pay -'them
even, the $63 a quarter. .,
Attempts have been made to, provide
means to enrich the fund, but thus far,
without success. City Attorney. Long
rendered, an opinion that an act of
the Legislature would be necessary; to
compel teachers to pay $2 a month In
stead of $1 Into the: fund, an -amount
that would meet all demands on the
fund. This must be done at the next
session of the Legislature if relief Is to
be had. v
A former School Director, is author
ity for the statement that at least
fifty teachers -would resign their posi
tions in the Public School Department
should they be guaranteed the full pay
ment of annuities as provided by law.
There are at present thirty-nine an
nuitants receiving the benefits of the
fund. The. expenditures for the last
quarter were $2403 75 and - demands
were drawn on the City Treasurer for
the segregated. annuities
News is received from Samuel New
som, architect for the San- Francisco
building, that the framework is up
and the roof is on. : Altogether about
sixty men are employed on the build
ing and on the building materials. The
entire structure will be completed, un
less Inclement weather should inter
fere, by the end of the present month.
Twenty men are, casting the staff in
molds for the exterior ornamentation
of the structure, which/ will' be quite
ornate, with large columns; etc.
The time has arrived r for making
the first payment' of $6500 on the cost
of the building. The" entire -cost Is
guaranteed- by the ' Sari Francisco
banks and willbe -paid, when the ap
propriation of $15,000 from the city
and county., of San Francisco 7 la paid
over to the committee.' '.
The Viavi Company, $200; W. W.
Montague Company, $50; M. A. Gunst
& Co., $50; Crown Distilleries, $50:
Mutual Life Insurance Company, $50;
Holbrook. Merrill & Stetson, $50;
George H. Fuller Desk Company,
J25; San Francisco and San Joaquin
Coal Company, $25; Russ estate, $25;
Easton, Eldrtdge & Co., $25; W. F.
Clark & Bro., $25; Jones, Mundy &
Co., $25; San Francisco Laundry As
sociation, $25; Waterhouse & Lester.
$25; P. J. Weniger & Co., $25; Gru
enhagen's, $25; Shea-Bocqueraz Com
pany, $25; Heywood Bros. & Wake
field Company, $25; Association of
Master Plumbers • of San " Francisco,
$25; Sterling Furniture Company, $25;
Union Gas Engine Company. $25;
Gladding & McBean, $25; Thomas
Day Company, $25; Hammersmith &
Field, $20; P. Priet & Co., $20; Mc-
Xab & Smith, $20; C. W. Ford & Co.,
$20; New Zealand Insurance Com
pany, $20; Judson Manufacturing
Company, $20; ' Metzger & Franklin,
$20; Pacific Portland Cement Com
pany, $20; California 'Artists' 'Net. Wire
Company, $20; Cash, $20; estate . of
Adolph Sutro, $20; .A.' Zellerbach &
Sons, $20; Charles G. Gebhardt, $15;
Somers & Kaufman, $15; Borland,
Robertson &*Hall, $15; Hulse, Brad
ford & Co., $15. \ - "
Some of the interior equipments of
the San Francisco - building were
started for St. Louis from this city
yesterday. The California : Redwood
Association, Mrs. Abble.' E. • Krebs,
acting as its representative, has con
tributed redwood' for the interior, for
doors, sashes, etc. Mrs. Krebs is in
St. Louis. The burlap necessary to
form a background for 'pictures arid
all other objects in the interior of the
building, contributed by the Neville
Bag Company, y was also shipped yes
terday.
PROGRESS OP BUILDING. -
RECENT SUBSCRIPTIONS.
The Merchants' Asaoclatlon of San
Francisco has contributed X1000 to
th» fund for the San Francisco build-
In* and exhibit at the St. Louis • Ex
position. This, with the J1000 given
by the Board of Trade of San • Fran
cisco and the 115,000 contributed by
the city, together with the ajims sub
scribed by private citizens, brings the
total up to date to $35,000. There Is
a shortage of something like. $8000
yet, but the,- finance committee of the
general San Francisco committee,
representing all the- commercial or
ganizations of the city, Is of the opin
ion that the remaining sum requisite
will be given.
News that the Merchants' Associa
tion had donated $1000 was given out
yesterday. This breaks all donation
records of the association. It was
prompted by the fact that San Fran
cisco is virtually to be placed on ex
hibition at St. Louis and any failure
to make a creditable showing would
certainly create an unfavorable im
pression abroad concerning the enter
prise and public spirit of the people.
In addition to the subscriptions men
tioned sums have been contributed re
cently by private and others
as follows:
No Relief Is Possible
less a Special Act of Leg
islature Is Passed at Once
First Shipment of Interior
Fitting for San Francisco
Building Starts for East
ONLY $8000 -IS .LACKING
MAY BE AGAIN LOWERED
irerchants' Association, to
Insuro City Against Poor
Show, Contributes $1000
Teacher^ Annuities, as a
Consequeiice, 'Ave iReduced
From $90 to$63 r a Quarter
FUND FOR FAIR
SLOWLY GROWS
PENSION FUND
SHOWS DEFICIT
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL, SUNDAY,^APRIL 17/ 1904.
39
It is the opportunity we make
that makes us.
Take the time and opportun-
ity, to read our EDUCATIONAL
.column— then write r for ' cata-
logues. . t -
UNPAIXTED •" HEROES.
Ry Jerome K. Jerome.'
THE "3IARK TU^AIX OP
ENGLAND." ~^v
An 'Article to Make you ; .
Roar With ' Laughter.
——— ' '-
NEXT SUNDAY CALTa
HOTELS i AND RESORTS.
(New)HOT|LBlJILER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at expense'
ot (260.000— New Management — ENTIRELY
FIREPROOF. .
LOCATION — Very • accessible to ¦ street car
lines, theaters, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
223 ROOMS with . LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several > private rooms in antique • decorations.*
Turkish Baths In Hotel. . . . , ¦¦ ¦
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. De Stei-
ger. Chef, formerly ot Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince. of Wales. ¦ , ./«, i
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions in every room;. long distance connections
made with any part of the coast. " '. . .
"Wire for reservations.' at our expense.
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. Wash. -
PfliafA DONT TAIL TO
laiaWW iee the beautiful
j COURT Loungin*
/Hill room, th» EMPIRE
auu PaIlOR, th«
gy y\ PALM ROOM, tho
linifla LOUIS XV PAR-
Ui ttUU LO p . n d the LA .
U ±~t~ DIES'. WRITING
llOtelS yROOM-;// ;>,•:;¦;
AHUSSMZJITS.
TI\/AI l°reiw
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY
• To-Mght^AIl Next Week
I ' Millocker's Fascinating; Comic Opera
M; ? A DELIGHTFUL
¦:•;<; '¦:¦;. performance
beggarI mmii
STUDENT ?SI?^ N "
USUAL TIVOLI 7 PRICES— 25c, ~ 60c. 7Bc.
Box and Metzanlne Seats, $1.00..'
If ext Pxodaction..A UUNAWAY QVStl,
I SCHUMAiVN-HEIMk
FAREWELL CONCERT
! This Afternoon at 2:30 ;
IMPORTANT
. RETURN . TO > PURE FUN.
- * Monday 'Night, April 18. ¦ .
THE RIGHT THING. -,? * ."¦
THE RIGHT TIME.
THE RIGHT PLACE.*
"Chow Chow"
An Uproariously Funny Burlesque.
A whole season's run in the East. Presented
with our "All-Star" s cast and . new comedians
augmented "beautiful 'chorus 'of thirty. Entire
new ¦ Reentry. ¦ costumes and stage effects
RESERVED SEATS— Night. 25c.' 50c and 75c v
Saturday and Sunuay Matinees, 25c and 50c.
Children at M^Uneen, 10c and 25c/ -. .--. •>.,
Thursday.^ April. 28— Ar O. F. THEATER
PARTY.- " .."¦¦"-
Racing f^^^^Racin]!
OAKLAND ; RACE TRACK
.- NEW . CALIFORNIAT JOCKEY CLUB.;/ .'-.-'
Racine ' Each I Week ! Da- Rain " Shlna, j
Six^or More Races Daily.
' ; Race* commence at 2 :1S . p. m. ¦harp, i ¦
For special trains stopping at the track take
8. P. Ferry, foot of Market 1 street, at 12. 12:3ol
1:00, 1:30 or 2 o'clock. No smoking in last two
cars, .which ar» reserved ' for ladies and their
escorts. ¦> ., ¦- " --., ¦ . ¦ •-, >;.¦ .., ¦¦ . ¦-.-.•¦•., ¦ -'
. Returning .; trains leave track at 4 :10 ana
4:45 and immediately after the last rac«. '
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS, President. >
.. PERCT W.' TREAT.* Secretary. I
XV^-CTTryjJ* >k Tr»(Bil«»T»»id»r.
fO/££i£<£32!r\ d "« «• »rrlT« »t
\«<VV" 7^^ Jtf) rwo * Arau. 19, l»04.
>^C \ \r (™ ot **•**« Stfeet »
i.«»« - .MAIN LINE. -a«kit»
7jO0». Vtesrillf. W later*. Ram»eT_ 7&0r
7.00* Benlcia, SoUcn. Elmira aad 8mer»-
meato 7.2Qr
730a Tatle}*. K»rv CaUstega. 6aaU
Koaa, Martlmez, Saa Rimoi..../ 6-20r
7 IC» Nllea. Ltrermere, Tr»cj. Lmttiro*.
6tock:»a 7i0f
tCO* tbuti ExpreM — <V1* Darlo,
William* (for Bartlett Sprier" i.
Wtiiowt. tfnto, He4 BlnS,
rortUnd, Tacoms, Seattle 7.50-
4 I C8» XHtu. Wood! sod, Ecirhti Landtog.
T Maryiriue. OroTlUe 7.60r
U0i Tort Cocta, MarUoes. Antloca,
Bj-ron. Tracr. Stockton. Sew-
man. Los Bano*. M e a d • t a,
Armons. Hasford, Vltslla, . -• : .
Porw-rrllle 4.20*
t-IO* Port Oxta. Lsthrop. Moaett*.
Merced. Fretao, Oocben Junc-
tion. Hanford, Vtialla, Bakers-
neld 4.50r
t JO* K!>i, Ban Jose, Llrermore. Stock-
too. (?Mt'.ton). lose, Sacramento,
ri»c»T»iii«. MaryfUlf, Cblco,
Bed Bluff 4.20'
$30* Otkdale. CalDese. Jamestown, 8«-
¦era, Tnolnma« and A.ngeli 4.20P
8 00a Atlantic Expre«»— Ogden and Eaat. 11.20*
S 30* Richmond, Marttati and Way
Stations : 6-63P
10 -00* Thr Overland Liiclted — Ogden.
Dearer. Omab a, Chicago £ 20 r
10.00a Vallejo 12.20f
'.0 00* L">i Aik.->-!f» Patarnger — Port
Co»ta, Martiaez, Drroa. Tracy.
Latbrop. Stocktoa, Merced,
nartnonil. Fre»oo. Coabrn Junc-
tion. Hanford. Lemoore. VUalia,
B*krr*flrld. Lo* Anrelr* ' 7-20^
IT CO* Bitrward. Xlie» an< Way Stations. S-20P
?TXO' SacrtceBtoRtrer Steamers t11.00f^
J 30 r Brntc'.a. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodlaad. Knigbti Landing,
MarrtTllle, OroTllle and way
¦tatfoas 10-60*
330r flaTward. Kile* and War Stations.. 7-t>0f
3 30r I-ort Costa. Marttnrt. Hiron.
Tracy, Lathrop. Mticito.
Merced, Brrrnda. >r»»no and
Way 6tat!»nt beyond Port Cocta 12 ?0f
J.JOr Tof'tnltr Valley. Mob.. >Tea_ Frl. 9.20*
3 50r Martlaec, Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10 20*
4 COp Uarttnet.Snn Uamon. Vallejo. Napa,
CalUtoea. Saau rtuaa 9-20*
4 OOr Kile*. Tracr. Stockton. Lodl 4.20r
>H0r Uayward. N!l*». lrrlngton. Sant '6.60*
Jose. Ltvennore ) II 1.50*
tZOr Tfee Owl Limited— Sevan, Lot
Banos. Mrndota, Frevno. Tnlara,
Uakennrld. Lot Aucelet.
Ooldea State Limited Sleeper.
Oakland to Lot Anpi-ln. for Chi-
cago, via C. It. I. *l P. (last trip
AprtlW) 829*
¦¦OOr Port Coata. Tracy. Stockton. ...... 12-20r
tt.30r Hayward. Klle« aad 6an Jo«e 7.20*
t.OOr Bay ward. Kile* asd SaaJote 9.bO*
\JtQr Eattrrn Exprett— Orden. Denrer.
Omaba, at. Lonla, Cblcago aad
East, Port Cocta. Benicla. Sol-
. toft. Elmira, Darts, Sacramento.
Rocklln. Auburn, Colfaz.
Truckf. Boca. Keno, Wads-
worth, Wlnncmncca 6-20p
I COr Talle]*, daily, except Saadty.... I , cn .
74>0r Vallejo, Snnday ocly f '•° 0P
JJDOr Klchraond. 8an Pablo. Port Costa,
Marttaax aDd Way SMtlom 11.20*
CCts* Oregon * California Exprett— Sae-
rassento, Maryarllle. ReddlBg.
PortlaDd. Facet Sound and Eaat. l.SOa
1.1 Of Hayward, KUea aadfiaa Jose (Sna-
r dayaly)... . 11.80*.
COAST LINE (Harrow *iaar»).
, <r»ot ot Market Stroet.)
7.4b*. Santa Cms ExcanloncSnndayoBly) S.IOr
t.ifc* Bewara, Ocaterrllie. Baa - Jose.
Feltoa. Booloer Creek. Baata
Cms and Way Stations fi.ESr
XAlr Bewark. Onterrllle, San Jose,
Few Almadrn.Lot Oatoa, Feltoa,
B«nlder Cre«k, Santa Crtu aad
Principal Way Stations tl0.55*
w «.1Kr S«vark.SaaJose,LosOatosandl tt-66*
Y „ waystotlonn ....ttiOpS*
.OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rnm BAKTttAh CISCO. Ko«t of Market St. <Slt»*l
—r.-.U t:00 11:00a.m. 100 300 6.16p.m.
TWa OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:»<. ttitH
f»:06 10:00a.m. 1200 200 4 0Qp.lt.
COAST LINE <«»«»• tiaage).
Of <l hlrd an«l Towntwid Streets.)
f.10* San Joaeand Way Station* 6-30p
17 00* Saa Joae and Way Stations * S.40r
7.16a Monterey mui Santa Oru* Excur-
slon <6onday only) 10-30*
( -00a Kew Almadea fTu'e.. Frid., only), 4.l0r
• ¦00a Tfc« Coatter— Stops only Sat Joae,
Gllroy (connection for IIollls-
.ter). Pajaro. CutrovHle (coa-
Becdoa to and from Monterey
andPad&c.Crore). Sallnai..Saa
Ardo, Paso Roblr*. Santa Mar-.
ffarita. San Lull OMtjMt. principal
station* tbence Sort (connection
for Lompoc), principal auttons
tbence Santa Barbara.San Rueaa-
Tentnrs, Barbsak. Lot Acfrlft . 10 <8f
I. CO* Baa Jose. Tres PIbos. Capitola,
BaBtaCrDt.PaclBcGrore.Saltnaa.
Saa Lnti Obltpo and Principal
Way Station* : 4.10*
10-10* San Joae and Way Stations ."... 120'
U JO* Santa Clara, Saa J ore. Los Oatos _
and Way Station* 7.I0p
IZCr San Jose and Kar Stations ¦ 3C«
I LOP pel Mont« Kxpretf— 6anta Clara.
Can Jose, Del klOBte. MoBtT«-y.
Paelfic OroY* <connectt at Santa
Oars, except Sunday, for Santa
Cras, Boulder crr*k and Karrow
Gaurr To'.r.U) at GUrnr for Hoi-
llifr, Trea linos, at Pajaro for
a. 6anta Cms. at CaetroriUe for
w Salinas 12.16»
5-^Op Ti»» Plnos War Pattenfr 18 45*
4 30r »an Jo»e aad Way Sutlon* *8.00a
to OOp £»Dta Clara, ttnti Joce. Lot (iatos,
and principal IT ay (Station* (ex-
crptSunday) '9 00*
(6.30p SanJoae«BaPr1nc1]NklWaretat1oa« (3.40* '
fe 46 •¦ Ennact Limlfd.— llfdword. Saa
JOM.Otlror.^allBaf.Pato Iiob!?*.
t^an LuU obltpo. Santa Barbara.
. !«• Angele*. Demlne. Kl Pa»«,
Kpw Orlran*. K«*w Vork. Coa-
eectt at Pajaro for Sscta Cnu
»nd at CsntroviM* for Pacific
Croreand Way Statlont 7.10*
!i .Mr SaiiMatco.n«rr*rord.ltcliaoBt.San
Carloa. Brdwood. Fair Oaks,
Menlo Park. Palo Alto t8-*e«
$ ZOr San Joae and Way Stations 6-36*
tOOr Palo Alto and Way Etatloas 10.15*
li.JCr South baoFrsncltco, MUJbrae, Bur-
Uagasae. tin Uateo, Belmoct,
Saa Carlos. Redwood, fair Oaka,
Menlo Park, and Pal* Alio 8<Sr -
tW.ZOr Mayfield. Moantain Tlew, Snany.
?ale, Lawrence, Santa Clara aad
f»nJoM....t t*.4Sr
(A for Morning. P for Aftcrnooa. ¦
tSaaday execrtted. J Saaday ««ly.
«fc»tu roa» only.
f fctopa at all statioai em g«a4ay.
•a^Only trains stopplnr st Valencia St. icttbboncd
«rf*:10*.x^ 7:00 a.u, 7:18 A.M.. 11:»Ja. k, 1:80 P.M-
1:30 r.n. and l:V)r.u. - ¦
WBBHyCi $1.00 pr Year
CALIFORNIA I
LIMITED TO CHIC ACO 1
LEA VES DAIL Y §
•t O:.1O a. in, throuj-h In 3 day*. E
with diner and all trappinrs. 5
Other Santa Fe Trains:
2i|o i 5"1 tor Stockton, Fresno. BaJcenfleld.
8:00 pi m.J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City. Grand Canyon and
Chlcagt).
TICKET orriCES — G41 Market St. and
Terry Depot, S. V. Aleo 1112 Broad-
way. Oakland. CaL 37 South First St,
Ban Jose. '
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
r : j./*- LESSEE ¦ ,
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
KAIL WAY CO1ZFAVT.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAX TRAIT CISCO TO SAW SA7AXL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 8:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday* — Extra trip
*t 11:30 p. m.
. Saturday a — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p.m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30,
3:30. 5:00. 6:20, 11:30 p. m.
SAV KATAEI, TO SAH FXAHCZSCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:O3. 7:30, 7:50. 8:20. 11:15
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. S:OO. 5:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS — P:O0. 9:40, 11:15 a. m.: 1:40
3:40. 4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. m. ,i^
L^-ave j In Effect j Arrive
San Franclsoo.] Sept. 27. 1803. JSan Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- I Dcstlna- | Sun- I Week
Days. 1 days. | tton. { days, f Days.
7:30 a 8:O0a 9:10a 8:40a
8:30 a Ifnaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p ,v- 6:05 p 6:20 p
6:10 p 5:O0p 7:35 p
7:30 a ~ 9:10a 8:40 a
8 :00 a No%-ato. 10:40 a(10:20 a
3:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma «:05 p 6:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 p and • 7:35 p
5:00 p Santa Roaa. .'-'.';-• -.i
7:30 a ~ 10:40 a<10:20 a
S .00 a Fulton. 7 :35 p 6 :20 p
3:30p 3:30p ,__ )
• Windsor. i
7:30 a 8:00 a Hr-aldsburc. 10:40 a 10:20 a
1-J tton; j
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyserv-tlle. 7^J5p 6:20 p
- r ' Cloverdale.
7:30a 8:00a Hopland 10:40a 10:20a
3:3O.p 3:30 p and Uklah. 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30*1 8:00 al WUllta. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a] 8:00 a! 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30p|3:30p| GuernevIHe. | 7:35p| 6;20 p
7:30 al 8:00 a[ Sonoma. I 8:10 al 8-40 a
B:10p| 5:00 p| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 p| 6:20 p
7 :30 a j 8:OOa| ~~ ~ 110:40 a!10:20 a
3 .30 p\ 3 :30 p| Sebagtopol. ( 7:35 p* 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Ban
Quentin. at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Spring*; at Fulton for Altrurla and Mark West
Eprincs; at Lytton lor Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skacrss Springs; a.t Cloverdale for
the Geysers. Boonevtlle and Greenwood- »t
Hopland for Duncan Eprlnrs. Highland Sprlnra I
KelBeyvllle. CarlsDad Springs. Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs; at Uklah for Vichy
Springs. Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes Lauiel
Dell Lake. Witter Springs, . Upper Lake, Pomo
Potter Valley. John Day's, Riverside. LierlyV
Bucknells. Sanhedtin Heights, Hullville Orr's
Hot Springs. Hallway House. Comptche. C»mo
Btevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City, Port Brajtt
West Point. Usal; at W1U1U for Port Bracr
Westport. Sherwood. Cahto. Covelo, Layton-
rllle, CummlDrs, Bell's Spring*. Harris Ol-
»cn>. Dyer. Girbenrille. Pepperwood. Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Sunday round-trip tickets at re.
duced rates. ...
On Sunday round-trip tickets to all polnu
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
• Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X RTAN.' .
Gen. Manegcr. , Gen. Past. . Agt.
Hlpp^^j TO SAN RAFAEL,
II^^&J'ROSS VALLEY,
! MILL VALLEY,
!^^^^^ CAZADERO, Etc.
•¦»b»SmIWBSSK^ via Sansallto Ferry.
Suburban Service. Standard Gauge Electric
Depart from San Francisco Dally 7:00 8:00.
9:00. 10:00. 11 :00 a. m.. 12:20. 1:45. 3:15l 4:15
6:15. 6:15, 7:00. 8:45. 10:20, 11:45 p. m. ,
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRAN'CISCO
— Dally, 6:25. 6:35. 7:40. 3:35, 0:35, 11:05 a.
m.. 12:20. 1:45, 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 6:45. 6:43.
8:45 10:20 p. m.
FROM MILL VALLET TO 8AN FRAN-
CISCO— Dally. 6:45. 6:65, 7:52, 8:55, 9:55,
11:20*. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 5:05. 6:05,
7:05. 0:00, 10:35 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS. .
* % :00 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way t fitlons.
£:15 p. m. week days (Saturday/ excefted) —
Toroales and way stations.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way
¦tatloco. . - ,•
Sundays only — 10 a. m.. . Point Reyes and
»r»y nations. -..,•...-
TICKET OFFICE— 628 Market St.
TKRUY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
fllT. Tamalpais Railway
»t»rrat»d«c» >*t<faBr^s>a SwPmdK>
¦ Week S«*- '¦¦-' aa» ¦-... Sko> I WetbT ¦
Ry^. Omrw <Wy« Day*.
*l'At.t *:«0a kSKSSsI^SS' l<«Sr>:50r
•;l»rl0:O«4 yg&Sl£&W S:SOr A:5Or
11:«Oa. Mltr tiMr
*3— t* wVk %+t* ¦» ' %«¦» ¦»* VCInr CMy
nCUT | 0* Maiot ST,(Ncrtb Shore »ailro»<5~
•BOB }M4&Am*ur»FJsUT. Foot Markat 84
GAUIFORNIA
J&32B3 tonight BBK^.
bTDACC AMERICA'S .'•'¦^
JCGQHLAN 1
H . r In Her Latest and Best Success B
I B THE GREATEST 1
THING IN; THE WORLD I
A SUPERB CAST. , 1
k MAGNIFICENT GOWNS. «
I; . NEXT/SUNDAY. I
.Sam S. Shube'rt' and Nixon & Zlmmer- I
¦ . - ¦•¦¦man- -present:- their ; B
¦ musical; comedt novelty ¦
A GIRL FROM DIXIE I
By i Harry , B. Smith; author, of "JRobl« I
'; the 'original; new-york.madi- I
' 'SON SQUARE THEATER CO.' g
; >: ]'. j CO— SINGING ; ARTISTS-fjBOJ ' g
a Big- Beauty .Chorus— 16 Stunning Show ¦
H: Girls— Great Double Male H
¦ ¦ ¦¦ - - Quartet: ¦,¦•¦,' • -¦
grand::;
2^WEEKS ONLY— 2
.'.'.. WEEK BEGINNING ; ; .. ',
TVlat i nee To-Day
KOLB AND DILL '
VBARNEY BERNARD ~
-WINFIELD^BLAKE
MAUDE AMBER -
¦¦:-:¦¦--. --HOPE AND, EMERSON
¦ - • ". a. —IN— ' :; - ¦•'¦'¦'• •¦
HOITY-TOIJY
PRICES 25c,' 50c, ,75c. Seats Now. on Sale.
High-Class Specialties Eiery Afternoon and
;..'.. Evening In :t!ie "TlieaterJ
HADLEY /AND ARCHER; THREE MAL-
• VERNS;. : STORKY 'AND VAN; -L.ITTX.E
RUTH ,-ROL.AND; .; . THE-.t ROBINSONd:
, MABEL. I. AMSON "AND NEW MOVING
i PICTURES.", .. . •- . -^
¦ i ¦. ¦¦ Take a Ride -onrthe ' r >,
•Miniature Electric; Railroad. '
Rare" Animals From Every "Clime* In^ the J Zoa'
' AMATEUR NIGHTS THURSDAY.' '.
•¦Admission. .10c: « Children. . Be. ; : •
SANTRANGISCO ¦^'%^^
BY AUTOMOBILE •ffflMgkfr
K0BH.E CAURZAQE CO.
. GOLDEN 1 GATE 'AVE. - ana ; GOUGH ' ST. •
•'•' ' ; /i Phone Private Exchange, 770.'-*- •
; Downtowt . Offlcea— Curt Palace Hotel;
Lobby St. Francis HotaU "
*"W«ek* Commencing; This Afternoon.
i- -: '"** April 17.
•Yatideyiile Spellbinders
' Limited . EnsageoKnt -. ot " the Eminent
. -.•-.' ' ',* Conwdlan. '
'¦[ With i His Company t
Prfsentlns: His Adaptation from \ the
French." "NO MORE TROUBLE."
ETHEL LEVEY
(Mrs. George ¦ M. Cohan.)
- The Versatile and Vivacious • Singing
• and -Danclnc Comedienne. . ',
Tony Wilson and Heloise
The Orlsrlnatora of the ' "Tramplln .
¦ . - Bar Act." /' ¦ ¦ , ¦ :
MLLE. AMOROS
' Charming: ' . and ' * Eensatlonal Trapex a
Performer, Assisted by MLLE.
, ' .' -- CHARLOTTE.
Second and Last Week of the Noted
Playwright, ¦
EDMUND DAY
With His Company
In His Latest Comedy Creation,
' ' "SHIPMATES." .
ELLIS-NOWLAN TRIO
Eccentric Comedy Acrobats. — .
FLO ADLER .
The Gifted Cantatrlce. ,
ORPBEUH MOTION PICTURES.
¦ Showing- the Latest Novelties.
¦¦.¦.'"-, .Tremendous Success of th«
FOUR MORTONS
Sam, • Kittle, Clara and Paul.
! Th« Famous Family of Funmakers.
Regular Matinees every Wednesday,
• Thursday, Saturday and ' Sunday.
¦ Prices— 10c. 25c and 50c.
• I
UNION
COURSING
PARK
P. J. XSILZ.T.. Jndgm
JAS. P. OBACE. ,...SXlpp«
TO-UAY, SUNDAY, APRIL 17.
i^K GRAND NATIONAL
CHAMPION STAKE
Second Contest — Best Three in FUe.
Lord Brazen vs. Fair Tralee
.- — ALSO
CLASSIC RESERVE STAKE.
64— Nominations— 64
| PURSE 5| 3UU WE
. TRAIN SERVICE:
Leaves - Third and Town send streets 10:19
a. m., 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. m. : Twenty-fifth
I and Valencia streets five minutes later. R-j-
; turning at 4:13 p. m. and after the last course.
San Mateo electric cars ¦ every - four minute*
; during the day. ; r3HSWa9SB££S£RH$£ld
, .
INGLESIDE
COURSING
PARK
i- - ¦
64-DOG
OPEN STAKE. |
SUNDAY, APRIL 17
-, Coursins t will- begin ; at ' 10:30 ; o'clock sharp
and .continue until ! the last winning- 3a s toes
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $1000
All Mission cars . transf er'j to > Gnerrero_
cars, which go direct to'the park.
; THOMAS ; TTERNET.V Judg-e.
" <".',;? EDWARD " SHORTSTAO. Slipper.
B^EK Gffil
'.',-¦' ', ¦ ¦¦¦¦'-.'¦ .-" v- '¦'.¦¦•*.¦¦.•-,.."'• - ••':
. . -^Lj;' ..- - s^/7' '« '""^n^ : * -'Vv-^ji^v .•¦¦--.•,•¦¦¦'¦'-'• ¦•' J r~'- '•¦'"•
SUPERB COLLECTiON OP f^SHIONABLE
GUT RATE PRICES
1 To-morrow and following/days tKis^veek we
shall place on sale additional vhewv styles of -i'; 7 ,
Novelty Tailor Suits, Lorijs:- and Short Coats
and Skirts at CUT RATE PRICES. •". Not alone
the newest styles- biit a betteh'quality material, ,
betterr made and finished and under -al! cir-
Lower Priced Than Anywhere
SUITS SUITS LOHGiND SHORT COATS
Novelty Etamlne Suits, hand- New style Traveling Coats, 3-4
somely trimmed. Cut Rate- ... length, handsome mixtures, at
$18^50,$22i50,$27.50 $10 q0,$12.50,$15.00
A positive saving fr 6m $5.00 to Pongrce SUk Coats, very stylish,
$7.50 on each suit . , elegantly trimmed, at
$25 SUITS, CUT RATE $17,50 $18.50 and $25.00
!v OllnJU !. White Novelty- Coats,, at
One of our special values at tf>1A Af. CIICACICDn
$25.00. Newest mixture, artistic a>10.0U,>lZ.DU, J15.U0
tailoring and perfect fitting. Covert Jackets, double breasted,
$25.00 SUITS FOR $20.00 ' "c^Ra^ $8.50
$25.00 Extra quality Venetian . oymTo ' cuiDTC
Suits, newest trimming, Eton oMn 1 0 ONln 1 0 4fj'i
and blouse effect, navy, cardinal, $7.50 Black Crepe Qothtf«c A A
brown and black. *> *%f\ a a Skirts. Cut Rate . . . . . •? v y ~
Cut Rate apiCv.yv All Etamlne Skirls at-Cut Rate Prices.
1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET
[ . ¦ . ¦ ¦ '. ' ¦ ¦ • ' t '.v '.:•'•• •' - ¦ ¦ * - -
AMUSEMENTS.
M A I F? CS TIC^ FRISCO'S FINEST THEATER.
lT*JrWJ WW M IV MARKET ST OPP I ARKIM
Phone South 459. MAttRtl il., Urr. LAHMN
TWO WEEKS— Commencing Monday, April 18th ;
MATINEE 8ATVBSA7 OHIT.
ISABEL IRVilf
(Manas-ement JAMES. X. HACKETT)
In .Winston Cburchill's Dramatization of hla most successful norel.
Original New York Company and Production
- PBICES— S1.50, S1.00, 60c. Box Seats $2.00. .
• ADvgansEaigMTa>
J CITY^dkk PARIS 1
SLK DRESS FABRICS
I Thcan-d and distinct featares mcntioiici in this personal selection |
? I represent the attracthre revival of the soft and dainty |
| drapery effects of 1830, now recognized as |
P fashion's latest decree for J904. 1
I KESSALIKE, HESSALINE CLEO, PAHLET DE S0I& CREPE PRIN- |
' I CESSE. LOUISINE and SATIN LIBERTY— In a superb and striking |
I nricty of soft weaves in sofid colors, at . pa
| prices ranging, per yard, from apl.UU tO ipl.W |
I LOUISIKE and TAFFETA SUES— In checked, striped and jacqoard |
R effects for shirt waist salts and waists.
I GUSH and SHANTUNG PONGEE SBLKS-In afl tints and shades off'
p the season, fnrfr»ffng the favorite blsc, brown, bloet, oyster, cham-
I pagne, doth-of-gold, red, and white.
U "GUARANTEED" COLORED and BUCK TAFPETA SDLKS, with a
S grand showing of fire hundred pieces newly opened of every »»
| desirable color, a yard : 4uC ¦
I CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, 1
E CexTj rrd SiocHoa Strtrta, TTniea Sqttord. g
f* ft 3 b 3 G^ D I A m frarcisco'j
VUkUlfl 85 i §\ IXADIMa TBIATSI
- TO-NIGHT LAST TIME ANNA HELD
In "MAM'SELLE NAPOLEON.^
TWO" WEEKS-BEGINNING MONDAY
Mr. Fred Nlblo announces the first and only
appearance In San Francisco o£
And their company of 72 people in the
Musical Comedy,
"RUNNING .
FOR GFFIGE"
By OEORGE M. COHAN.
Conceded to be the . Greatest Laughing- Suo
cess of the Season. .
A Metropolitan Production, after a successful
metropolitan run. r r : ¦ .'¦ . ¦ ¦
YES!. And there are many pretty girls.
k'T /"I A T A TD Belasco & Mayer,
AL t AL An £%«$&.¦
-., - ¦ ¦ .,;. General Manager.
• '?.:- LAST TIME. TO-NIGHT. V , .
LAST MATINEE TO-DAT.
Bronsbn -Howard's .Comedy "Drama, .
ARISTOCRACY
f ¦ To-morrow , Night— All _ the .Week, .. ' •
Clyde Fitch's .Comedy Success, ¦ •-">
THE FRISKY MRS. JOHNSON
FIRST'.STOCK PRODUCTION.
Evg., 25c to 75c; Mata.,.Sat. & Sun., 26o to 60c.
April 25— The Great Comedy,'
!"THE .NEW : CLOWN." .
Market '. St.", . near J Elghth.'sV ' Phoiie ; South . 533. ;
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT. LAST TIME/
;g1|;thewe^ejviy.:: ¦
TO-MORROW NIGHT-^ALli NEXT WEEK.
¦ ¦ '¦ Matinee* «. Saturday f and * Sunday. ,
'.-¦ The - Greatest l of 'All Naval : Dramas, .
The iWhite Squadron
A' . Mammoth;* Production • With , Magnificent
: . Scenery ¦ and , Costumes ! , '
nnir|JC'Evenlng8. :*..'.'.'....'.......: 10c to 5Oo
rttlWCJ ; Matlneee. . . . T. ...... ;v. .10c.; 15c. T 25c
. ;. misoeijuluxous f Axmaaaam: '
MR.HijGOM^SHELDT
- ' - ; "' : - Presents hl» pupil, ''~-. " : '.
IRBNEPALWEB
,. J :-. .-.:„¦ .--.vin.a:----.-; • ..
PIANO/RECITAL
-.' TITDRSDATJBV'ENINO; ? APRII/-21,-.8:1B.; '
r STEINWAY ' HALLf- 223 ' SUTTER ST.
'.'-': : ..~ -ADMISSION.IONEiDOLLAR.', ;; % ¦¦
EMERSON.
.¦¦¦'¦ Second ; lecture on. moral. leaders- by ¦"
EDWARD -HOWARD GRIGGS
"Will ' be '/ on'^EMERSON ¦' NEXT 1 TUESDAY
EVENING.^ April > 1«>. : at ' STEIN WAT HALL.
Tickets, at 'box, office • ,,¦ •. : <:; -OAKLAND. April 16. — An order for
the final distribution of the O. Merle
estate was made to-day . by Judge
Greene.*, The property is valued at
5750,000. The estate is divided be
tween Mrs/ Mary Merle, decedent's
' widow; and: three children.*, "" *
Distributes Slerlc Estate.
, All stories- of verdicts of .Coroners'.
Juries ; are of , one.typej ; and each is a
variation on some other story that the
'reader; 1 knows. ..With this apology we
print one -that^is- go-ing- the rounds "of
the English press. ; g The Coroner had
directed the Jury'.to" find a vyerdict; of
felo-de-se.' - "Well, chaps,',' said the
foreman of ; the; Jury; /when \they " had
retired* to consider the verdict, "it ap
pears ; to", me Vthat i this .'ere ' chap* shot
'lsself wlthTa'gun, . after, shootin' ..,-¦¦ an
other I chap '= with ¦' a gun, 'but ¦ Dr. \ Jones,
the ¦;¦ Coroner, who ,we. all , know \ . and
'lghly respect, 3 *e says > that this , 'ere
chap f f ell ' in ihe; Bea.'^Weli; I it : ain' t : f or
the likes of • us to :go .arguin' the • point
with, the 'doctor,-- for, : .'e knows .more
about", it > .than >. we doi7ft So ;: I 'propose
'we, find: a verdict : of found drowned'.'-^
and they did.' This recalls to a Buffalo
paper the . verdi ?t ' once£ direc ted"i byi a
Buffalo' Coroner^ in^'the^ case" of ;'»'¦ pris
oner, who died suddenly, in, the peniten
tiary — "intemperance; -chronic asthma
and ' the visitation \ of ¦ God.''
Odd Verdicts by, Juries.
" 'We ." know ' it, • your Honor,' said the
foreman ' of j the .* Jury, /but v he's : such ' a
.liar .that we can't .bftlieve him."'
,\'!.Well,"j Jerome . Ess,~{a"V Western man,
was , noted for his : mendacity. It ; was
impossible to him,: impossible
to v trust ! him!' He ¦ got, " finally, 1 in - the
tolls : of ; the law,; and at his trial he
pleaded ; guilty. . ' : . . : . - ' "
"He did '¦; well to plead guilty, . for the
case ; against ; ..him was ; strong j and j ir
refutable. 'Nevertheless,, the Jury. ln ; its
verdlcti declared ; him? Innoqent:
: "The ' Judge was thunderstruck, at
this;-''"«: :' : 1;?:?,*;t;"»" : ''¦ :.•"'/¦•'..¦ '. ¦ '
,.:;" 'Innocent?',' he said. ..'Innocent? But
the man' himself pleads guilty!' -. ;
Dr. Charles H. Parkhurst of New
York,, who is fighting the bill to open
the :: metropolitan saloons ' on , Sunday,
afternoons and evenings, was discuss
ing | recently I certain -phases of corrup
tion.^:. ;.'. .;¦¦ ' ¦ .- " . •"¦ :; - "'. V:',^*. ; ,'J ;
\"r declare,','- he said,, "when I see some
of the ! deceit that exists about . me I can
almost sympathize with the jury, in the
Jerome \ Ess case. -You 5 have heard of
the' Jerome ; Ess case? * No?. -:' , *
Bad Reputation Saves Him.
OAKLAND, April 16.— Unable to
tread the married path in peace John
Augsburger and his wife, Ethel, of
Berkeley have agreed to separate. Ar
ticles signed, by them were filed with
the County. Recorder to-day. The
wife is. to get all. the furniture in the.
house at 2410 Fulton street, Berkeley,
while he is to have all interest in the
California Sheet Metal Works' at 537
Howard street, San Francisco.
Aeree to Separate.
According to private letters from St.
Petersburg, there is much talk there
again about the activity of the "Holy
League," which was founded during
the reign of Alexander III to protect
the sacred person of that monarch from
the weapons of his secret enemies in
the ranks of the Nihilists, or even the
mallgnants of his court. Its author
was M. ; Besobrasoff, 'an ex-guardsman,
who Is now supposed to exercise a
paramount Influence over the wfll of
Nicholas II. The "Holy League" was
composed of all kinds of people in high
position, and its object was to spy out
intrigue against the Czar, as well as
to, shield his person. On succeeding to
the throne Nicholas II would not hear
of it, but now he appears to have In
voked Its assistance, and that is why
its organizer, M. Besobrasoff, is once
more In the ascendant.— London Daily
Chronicle.
11 ii Asia's Holy League.
: # "My dear," : he said,. "I- will tell you
a secret. -"..".Early j in life I made the dis
covery^ that I .was charming; 4 and. -if
one is . delightful one ha»" to thrust the
world „ away to keep from * being , bored
to death."— Annulet Andrews/in . March
Uppincott's. ¦ ; ; : -V , - , ,
- JlWhy have you withered* people. and
stung them .all your life?," asked the
Infanta, of him. • "; - ' . . : > :;
I grew to know Mr. -Whistler well
in that Paris winter. '¦¦ The -Infanta had
quite bewitched him with . her prettl
ness and coquetry and attitude of a
bonne camarade/ ¦ ;
' Great people are isolated, lonely. . It
must have been: many years since any
one so young and audacious and irrev
elant had dropped into a merry kind
of friendship with MonsIeur.Whlstlalre.
Although the; Infanta worshiped him
secretly — made" a fetich of him, count
ing him as the one deity in the art
world of living men-^-she treated him
with the flippancy and possessive au
dacity, that an American girl' bestows
on her best beau. , ,-j , ;
• It was the very nicest way to "treat
a great, • lonely, satirical 1 man; whom
few loved and most f eared.' ¦¦¦'
Characteristic Story, of Whistler.
OAKLAND. April 16. — Walter San
ford, who resides on the Redwood
road, near School street, reported to
the Sheriffs office to-day that on last
Thursday night he shot at and wound
ed one of three men that were rob
bing his chicken copp. Sanford says
that when he flred the man yelled'and
dropped, but he does not think the
fellow was seriously injured, as there
was only small shot in the fcun. The
man made his escape. . *
Fires Shot at Chicken Thief.
Slarriace Licenses.
OAKLAND, April 16.— The follow
ing marriage licenses were issued by
the Co'unty Clerk : to-day: Howard
Black, 26, and Pauline G. Bowers, 22,
both of San Francisco; John S. Evans,
21, and Mamie Wolfe, 20, both of Oak
land; Rudolph Horst, over 21, and
Alice M. Wrisht, over 18, Oakland;
William S. Lincoln, 28, and May M.
Oliver, 25, both of Oakland; Manuel
P. Escobar, 31, Livermore, and Ade
laide T. da Silveira, 19, Point Reyes.
A man who is believed to belonged
to a noble English family died from
exposure in Wayne nine years ago to
day, and tils body still lies unclaimed
in the morgue of S. P. Frankenfleld's
Sons at Ardmore.
Mack: was employed, for several years
by R. ; H. . Johnson, a • contractor of
Wayne. He was a man of education
and culture, and, to rumor,
was.the.helr to a British title, 'which,
for some mysterious \ reason, he would
not or could not claim.
When the man died J. S. Pearce, at
that time an undertaker, but who has
since retired, embalmed the body, and
decided to hold it; until it should be
claimed. No one ever claimed it, and,
as the embalming was unusually suc
cessful, a number j of efforts have been
made by museums to purchase the
body, but Mr. Pearce says he will not
surrender it except to some member of
Mack's family.
The body v has been viewed bv thou
sands of . people, many of them Eng
lishmen, who hoped to identify it. The
skin retains, its natural color and the
sandy mustache and hair remain as
in/ llf e^ The nose has ' become unnatur
ally sharp from having.been pinched
by people who doubted If the man was
really 'dead. Over , the .' head of the
mummy a '; cuckoo clock is kept going
to /keep", him from getting lonesome-
Philadelphia Record, /jo^V;-"
An Unclaimed Mummy.
OAKLAND, April 16. — C. Leidecker,
editor of the Frultvale Progress, was
arrested latei this afternoon on", a
charge of criminal libel preferred
against him by William T. Grubb, a
trustee of the Fruitvale school dis
trict. The complaint was sworn to
before the District Attorney and a
warrant issued for Leldecker's arrest
by Justice of the Peace Quinn. The
arrest is the result of the publication
of an Item regarding a bill for print
ing. , .
Charges Criminal Libel.
OAKLAND, April 16. — The Neill
company Is still carrying out a suc
cessful engagement at Ye Liberty
Theater and next week % will present
"The Lottery of Love," said to be one
of Augustln Daly's best comedies.
This company is making friends with
the citizens of Oakland and its per
formances are growing in popularity.
Neill Company to Put " on Augustiri
Dalj'g Celebrated Comedy at Oak
land's New Playhouse.
"THE LOTTERY OF LOVE"
AT LIBERTY THEATER
Several people who witnessed the
accident agree that the motorman was
in no way to blame for the occur
rence, as they say that the car was
only, a few feet away when the little
girl, confused by the approaching
team, in on the track. She
was rolled for several feet in front of
the car before it was brought. to a
stop .and the lower part of her body
was caught beneath the '.' .< fender,
though the wheels did not touch her.
Bystanders went to the assistance of
the motorman and conductor and the
little one was extricated from beneath
the car; and taken to the office of .Dr.
J. B. Wood at the corner of Sixtieth
street and San • Pablo avenue.'- The
doctor made an examination, but
could find no signs of injury except a
few minor bruises, and the child was
removed to the home ofj her parents
and put to bed.
Several times in the night she com
plained of violent- pains. in the head,
but as no injury was visible the doctor
•thought she was suffering more from
.the shock than from actual injury.
During the early morning she seemed
to improve and talked rationally to
her mother, but about 10 o'clock she
suddenly grew worse and although the
doctor was at once summoned he waii
unable to rouse the •*.« little, one from
the stupor Into which she had sunk
and she passed' away. ; x
The shock was a terrible one to her
mother, who is on th'e verge' of nerv
ous prostration. \
The case was reported to the Cor-^
oner and an inquest will -.he held. No
arrangements have yet been made for
the funeral. , .
.The,. accident 11 happened while the
little girl was on her way to a. nearby
store on an errand for her mother.
She was riding a bicycle and had just
turned the corner of Fifty-eighth
street, riding north on San Pablo ave
nue, when in avoiding : a team that
was coming rapidly toward her she
turned directly in front of car No. 164,
southbound, and., before Motorman J.
C. Oronin, could stop the child had
been struck. -
OAKLAND. April 16. — Vesta Ade
laide Clark, the eight-year-old daugh
ter of W. J. Clark of 1036 IFiftj'-eighth
street, was struck and fatally injured
last evening by a San Pablo avenue
car at the corner of San Pablo ave
nue and Fifty-eighth street. She died
at 11 o'clock this morning.
Georxe and - Carrie R.: Sterll. 7 to J. W.
Grant (sinRle), N CO feet of lot 30, block 2097,
same map, Oakland; $10.' •
Catherine M. and William E. Graves, to
Julia M. and Winifred- J. Hilton, lot on NW
line of Thirteenth avenue.: 133 . SW of East
Eighteenth street. SW 30, by NW. 150, block 92/
Clinton, East Oakland; $10. a ,
AuRuMa L. and P.. S. Swick , to ,Edna K.
Augsburg (wife of D. R.). lot on" SE line of
Eleventh avenue. 131.68 NE of East Twenty
eighth street. SE 120 by SW 45, portion of lots
6 to 8, block A.iBella- Vista Park, East Oak
land; $10. , : , ..;:,,.. -: = . • ¦¦'. ...
-Lilian A. Cross (single) to Clarence Schel
ling, lot en N corner of I^ewls .- avenue and
Hopkins street, NK 127.08. NW 100. SW 12S.04,
SE 100 lots 1 and 2. block 3, map East Oak
land Heights.' East Oakland; $10. • •
Herman and": Adelheid *Grana to ¦ Carl T.
Granz, lot on K line of Oregon ntreet.; 449:10
Wof McGee avenue, B 89:10. N 135. W.34: 11,
N 135,W'35,,S 270. portion lot 7, block 6, map
State University Homestead • Association No. 3,
Berkeley; $10. ,¦ -;.«...- ; v :
George F and Jennie E. Allsopp (and as at
torney) to >Uen A. Curtis. 8 10 feet of lot B.
block 57. and N 30 feet of lot A, block 58, map
Alameda Park Homestead, Alameda; $10.
John and Sophie Lutgen to Dennis J. Ma
honey lot on N'W corner of Railroad avenue
and Chestnut street, W 50 by N lOO.^Iots 8
and. 9, block 637, Oakland.; 110. . .
•Dennis J. Mahoney to Roman Catholic Arch
biehop of Ban Francisco' (corporation sole),
same, Oakland: $10.. ¦'- - ' •- •
Frank K. Llppltt to Mary E. Foster, lot 19,
map No. 2 William M. ¦ Butters Tract. Oak
land; $10. > . • . . ¦
George de Vol (single), to Mary ie Vol. lot
on N line of First street, 75 W of Webster.
W 25 by N 100. lot 23 block 8. Kellersbergier'a
map, Oakland,' aultclalm deed; $200. • •.
Lincoln E. and Elizabeth' M. Boardman to
Michael F. Heffernan, lot -on ' NW line of
Twelfth, avenue, .50 SW ot East Sixteenth
street. SW 31:3. by NW 100, block 67, Clinton.
East Oakland: $10. .
Julia Kirk (widow) to Wflllara Mainland,
lot on NW line of Fifth avenue (as widened).
155 8W of East Tenth street, SW 40 by NW
146 block 8 Clinton, East Oakland; $20.
1 J A. and Emily V. Marshall to Fred Corklll,
lot on E line of College avenue, 290 8 of
DwlRht way, S 40 by E 135, portion lot 6,
block 3 map property - John Kearney, etc.,
Berkeley; $10.
Harvey S. and Laura S. . Haseltlne to E.
M. and H W. Bridenbecker. lot on^ E line of
Hazel street, 100 8. of -Stuart. S 80 by E
120, portion lots 42 and 43. block C, University
Vllln Tract, Berkeley: $10.
M. S. Taylor (executor of Estate of Maria
Jans) to T. II. MonMomery, all interest In lot
on NE line of SnnTkntonio avenue and Oak
street E 100 by N 45; Alameda; $2600.
William Baurhyte to Llisle C. • Baurhyto
(wife)' lots 3 and 4. block 101. Alameda: Rift.
:,A.' J and Sophie M Snyder to Kate Wlnzell
(single), lot on W. line of Telegraph avenue.
140 K of. Sycamore street, W 100 by N 140,
Oakland: $10. . ¦. ¦ .: \
Isabella C. May (Coleman) (wife of Henry),
Cecelia C. d'Andlgne (Coleman). May (wife of
Louis) and, James V. . Coleman (and as their
atttorney) to A. • J. " Snyder. lot onNE corner
of Thirtieth and Grove streets, N 280. E 900.
8 140 W 200. .8. 140 W 700. lots, 6 to 40. in
clusive,, block 2035.- Rowland Tract. Oakland;
$10. •¦ - ¦•¦ ¦ ¦¦¦--.-• ..¦;•¦-.¦.¦ ¦
Richard J. ¦ Montgomery to George Sterling,
lot.on N line of Forty-third- street, 00 E of
Linden. E 50 by N- 100. lot 30. block 2097. Al
den Tract at Temescal, Oakland;, $10. > : ,\
Paul. and Mary J. . Lohse. Lucle P. Taylor
(LohscY and! Anita. E. Gregory (Lohae) to Fran
iols Leoji;iJ?rtelln.Jotjpn NW corner of. Thir
teenth and Harrisoii T streets. W 10O by N 50/
lots 21 and 22 a.nd & half of lot 23, . block lj>3,
Kellersbertjer's map. Oakland; $10. .
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to W. w.
Chi Ids. and A. Arlett. lot on S line of Knox
avenue" or Twenty-seventh Btre«t, 83.94 E of
Grove E 89.17. S 202.74, W 38.61. N 209.63,
lot 25.' KHbx Park,. Oakland; $1059. . .
John A. and. Emily V. Marshall 'to Charles
E. Batdorf . W 45feet of .let 4," block O, map
Crystal Spring Tract. Berkeley; also lot 13,
block T. Leonard Tract; Berkeley; $10. .
'Laura A. and Charles D. Haven to John N.
Bishop, lot on W line of Chestnut etreet, 245:6
S of Tenth, S 40 by W 127. block 646, Board
man's map,- Oakland; $10.-
Edward P.. Flint to James T. Eccleston, lot
8, block G. map resubdivision blocks G and
II. Flint Tract, portion Oakland Heights. Oak
land; $10.
Alameda . County.
SATURDAY. APRIL 16.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Miss Vesta A. Clark
Crushed to Death
by Fender. .
An old retired whaler who lives, by
the Ladd. tract,, where the gulls most
do congregate to hunt for earthworms,
etc., has an idea of capturing and con
fining a lot of them and keeping them
to produce eggs for market. .'He had
visited; the Arctic regions, on both -this
coast and the. east coast, and has seen
whole schoonerioads of j eggs of gulls
and .other/ seagoing .birds gathered
about Labrador, in the Farallon Islands
and on the coast of Alaska and sent to
market. He" has' many a time feasted
on omelet of gulls' eggs, which find
ready: sale In many markets. . He says
theyare-not so delicate as hens' eggs,
having a slight tinge* of a fishy taste,
but they are wholesome and nutritious
and are much better than no eggs at
all, which of .late has formed a part of
his breakfast very often.. He believes
that if the gulls were kept here in con
finement awhile and properly fed their
eggs would be as good as hens' eggs
and much larger. Gulls are great pro
ducers, of eggs, as he has seen miles of
land and rocks covered with them. He
proposes to fence In a piece of land
along a slough, including. a section of
the slough, and to confine there as
many gulls as ' he can " procure, and
imagines that In a little while they will
become tame ahd can be treated the
same as barnyard fowls.— Portland Ore
gonlan. — -V'!
The thousands of sea gulls which!
have been making themselves^ at home',
in the eastern part of this city and on |
the water front for the past month or!
more show no signs of returning to i
their, accustomed haunts along the j
coast. . . ¦ ; j
Retired Whaler Finds Out Plan to
. . . Make Tough Birds Source
of Profit. -
FARM WHERE SEA GULLS
ARE USED FOR POULTRY
Burning Buildinjr Is One of the
Largest • in Indianapolis and
Loss of Life Is Feared. ,
INDIANAPOLIS, April 16.— St. Vin
cent's Hospital is burning fiercely and
it is thought* there will be loss of life.
The hospital is the largest In the city.
FIERCE FIRE IS RAGING
IN AN INDIANA HOSPITAL
LITTLE VESTA ADELAIDE CLARK.
WHO WAB KILLED BY AN ELEC
TRIC CAR IN OAKLAND.
EVEN l b IN SOCIETY
Mrs. Charlef Monroe was the hostess at '»
delightful little luncheon recently at the Hotel
Tcuralne. Covers were laid for Mrs Went
wcrth. Miss Wentworth. Miss Baget of Saa
Francisco and Miss n«rnen.
MIm Birdie Pilrtjer of East Oakland whs
has been seriously ill for some months ir
recuperating at the Hotel Lyndon. Los Gatm
Mtss Pitcher's mother. Mr*. R. \v. purher is
with her.
Any number of things- have b*eit planned
for*nert week and the poclal whirl will be a
dizzy- one. The card clubs are diminishing,
one by one. as the summer approaches, but
some of the larger ones will give rather elab
orate entertainments before closing for iha
eeason. Mrs. Chabct will entertain the Whee
lock Club on Monday and Mrs. F. C. Watson
will -play hostess for a 500 club. Mrs. WU-
Kam Hamilton Morrison will give a big re
ception on Tuesday. The Kbell reception will
also take place on the same day. The.Well
man reception In Frultvale is on Wednesday.-
Mrs. John Heath's at home and Miss de
Golias tea will take place Thursday, MIm
Caroline Little's concert. Mrs. Henry Dieck
mann'e luncheon and the Wheelock Club at
Mrs. Bulkley's. will be the principal event*
of Friday «nd on Saturday tbe Cope reception,
making an unusual record for even the ho<
pltable hostesses of Oakland. -
The approaching marrUwt* of William Oin«y,
th« youngest son of Mayor and Mrs. Warren
Oiney, to Miss Minnie Ray Wilson of Berkeley
is also a topic of considerable social Interest.
The wedding will take place et the Unitarian
Church In Berkeley on April 2tt.
Both of these young brides-to-be have been
extensively entertained and are great favor
lies In their r»B?ectlve social circles.
Cards ar» out for two weddlnt* of im
portance, both to take place on the same day,
April 30. In the afternoon of that day Miss
Edna Barry and Phillo Clay will be married
In &t. John's Episcopal Church, and in the
evening the Scuphara home will be the scene
of the *-ed£lng of Miss Geraldlne Scnpham
end George Lackey.
The Barry-Clay wedding will be a brilliant
affair, a larc*- number of invitations having
been Issued for the ceremony at the church,
although the reception following will be lim
ited to the more Intimate circle of friends
end relatives.
MUa Aida Larmance entertained a dinner
party this evening In the palm room of the
Palace Hctel. Covers were laid Tor Mr. and
Mrs. E. R. Davis. Mr. and Mrs. M. J. Lay
mance. Mins Anna Muneer. Miss Zida Loggle,
Miss Edna Loggle. Miss Rosebud Heyenfeld,
Miss Edwina Cronch of Sacratnento, Mlri Eva
Kossing. Miss Laura Xorris, Miss Blanche
Laymanre, I*ercy Wood of Sacramento,
Claude Kern of Pasadena. Harold liingham of
Sacramento. Earl Riley, Roy Hutchings, Leslie
Rice Melvtn Jeffries, Charles King, Ross
Heath.
VThe Geisha" Is to be rendered at a re
ception Mrs. George Cope, has planned to give
at the Hon» Clnb next week.- It will be one
of the largest affairs of a. brilliant social
week. Oner ••'"-' cards hare been sent out.
Mrs. Cope will be assisted in receiving by
Mra. William Letts Oliver. Mrs. Frank Ken
dall, Sirs. Alfred -von der Ropp, Mrs. Walter
B. Cope and Mrs. E. B. Young.
Next Thursday evening a dress rehearsal
will be held, at which the husbands and
brothers of those - taking |*trt will be per
mitted to be present.
"Th« Geisha" — which Ss to be produced by
• number pt society girls next Saturday under
the direction of Miss Georgie Cope — took place
fct the Cci*e residence to-Uay and wa« a most
sratifyinc assurance of future enjoyment for
the fortunate ones that have been invited to
witness the final production. The members of
the entire ca«t — almost thirty In number — were
first entertained »t luncheon by Mrs. Cope
and then kimonos and uniforms were donned
and aU repaired to the miniature theater In
the attic. Ht-re a charmlnK little etace hay
been ntted up and n«rr Alias Cope haa pa
tMrntly drilled her amateur company lor the
last three months. The familiar music got-*
with a twin* that is unusual in amateur
opera. The prtncipaJ characters are filled by
Ml*& Etta Eil*rs as Mimoea. Mrs. E. L,. Dow
as Mollie Seymour, Miss Dale Hartlev a*
Juliet, Mis* Haxel Cope as Lady Constance.
Mis* Cora Bellinsan as the Marquis, Miss lla
Uevln as Taklnl. Kltr M&nraret Knot as Wun
III. Mr*. Orrin Kip McMurray as Dick Cun
ningham. Miss Georcrie Coj* us Reginald Fair
fax. Miss Lucy Fenneepy as Tom Stanley, Mlsc
Vera Cope as George Grimston. ¦ Miss- Paula
Wrl£ht as Arthur Curdy. Miss Marion Wolff
as Katanti and Miss Carolyn Oliver and Miss
Anita Oliver as ruards. Mlssev Kathleen Bul
llvan. May Rtcney. BtSna Armour and Helen
Madden ax geisha girls and Misses May £k!n
ner, Kathleen T«dd, Csta Turman arife Monica
Lynch as the English girls. MlFses Carmellta
Glavln and Agnes Welch are Japanese at
tendants. Miss Elsie Farnum at the plan]
and Miss Jessie Tuttie, with violin, constitute
the orcbe«tra.
OAKLAND. April !«.— A dress r»hearfftl of
The first matter to receive the con
sideration of the board was the resig
nation of Mrs. Dow, the hospital ma
tron. The retiring housekeeper h»s
been in the service of Fabiola for fif
teen years and though the directors
regret losing her they feel that she
has well earned the rest she is aboat
to take. With her resignation was re
ceived the resignations of Miss Os
trom, house secretary, and Miss Gib
son of the supply department. The
resignations were accepted and Mrs.
John Yule, the president, was author
ized to fill the vacancies. Miss Os
trom's place was filled by the appoint
ment of Miss Lucy Churchill, and that
of Miss Gibson by Miss 'Beckett. A
number of applications are on' file for
the position vacated by Mrs. Dow and
these will be well considered befpre
the appointment is made.
Next Saturday will be Fabiola day
at the Emeryville race track. Presi
dent Thomas Williams having noti
fied the ladies that the proceeds on
that occasion will be turned ove'r to
the hospital. Mrs. Yule announced
that the ladies will be delighted to re
ceive their friends at the clubhouse, as
In years gone by. Miss Sallle Long,
the youngest daughter of General
Long, will present a loving cup to the
winner of the gentlemen's race on that
day.
As the ladies discussed business
their fingers were busy weaving
"straw" for the paper hats, which
they, will dispose of at the May day
fete at the residence of Mrs. F. M.
Smith. . Their millinery wares will.be
raffled and promise to be the rage.
Preparations forFablola day -at the
Emeryville race track, the considera
tion of vacancies at the hospital and
the arrangements for a fete to be giv
en on May day at the home of Mrs. F.
M. Smith made an unusually busy ses
sion of the board of lady managers of
the Fabiola Hospital to-day. A re
port was also received of the result of
the. recent whist tournament held for
the benefit of. the hospital, which
showed that $600 had been netted
from this source.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 16.
Charts \V. Palm, special adminis
trator of the estate of the late "Warren
D. Heaton, is under arrest on a charge
of contempt of court for having failed
to turn over to Jennie M, Heaton prop
erty belonging to- the estate.
. Palm was ordered last Monday morn-
Ing to- turn over $2085 in cash, some
stocks and other valuables. He was
not oh hand, nor were there any ar
rangements made to satisfy the In
debtedness.' Judge. Greene issued a
bench warrant for Palm, who, 'It was
learned,' was Jn Los Angeles, and , Un
der Sheriff Hanifln went to the south
ern city and brought him back a pris
oner. Up to the present Palm has been
unable to get bonds, and is spending
his time in the County Jail as an or
dinary prisoner. The hearing of -the
matter will come up before Judge
Greene Monday morning.
As special administrator of the Hea
ton estate, Palni has been resisting the
claims of Jennie - M. Heaton to/ a
daughter's share of the property* for
over four years. Appeal after appeal
has been decided against him, until
he was finally ordered to pay over, to
her the property in his hands. This he
has failed to do.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 16.
The principal contest was for the of
fke of commander in chief, and was
between George AV. Hogruet. John Le
Ulanv ar.d Colonel D. H. Bryant. The
vnte wi's as follows: Hoguet 39, La
'ilanc 19 and Kiyact 15.
Marcus D. Hyde, the retiring com
mender in chief, presided. There was
no special business before the league.
?he new commander in chief will
shortly appoint his staff.
The reventeenth annual encampment
of the Army and Navy League of Cali
fornia w as held this afternoon at Beck
er's Hall, and after a spirited contest
the following officers were elected:
Commander in chief, George W.
Hoguet 'of Oakland; senior vice com
mander. Allan Brant of San Jose;
junior \ice commander. John Cook of
Sacramento.
Oakland OmV*e San Francisco Call
11JS Broadway. April 36.
ALAMEDA. April 16.— Alfred
Spanos, a candy-maker, was held up
by a footpad on Park- avenue, be
tween Santa Clara and Central <ave
nue9,-> early this morningr and after a
determined .struggle with the. high
wayman succeeded ¦ in escaping from
his clutches., Spanos' watch and chain
were pulled from his vest by the rob
ber, but were dropped in 'the scuffle
that ensued and later recovered by the
owner.
Spanos and his young brother, Mi
chael Spanos, were returning from the
circus that showed ' at i)\e corner of
Clement avenue and Walnut street!
As the pair were walking on Park ave
nue/toward Central avenue, the foot
pad' stepped out from behind a tree
near the sidewalk and with an oath
commanded the elder Spanos to yield
up some money, at the same time
snatching his victim's watch, chain
and fob.' Spanos and his brother
yelled for assistance dnd offered fight
to the footpad, who, scared by the out
cry, ran toward Santa Clara avenue,
dropping Spanos' watch in his flight.
Spanos and his brother are unable
to give a reliable description of the
highwayman. It is supposed that the
footpad came to Alameda .with the
circus and left here the same way.
George W. Hoguet Chosen
Commander in Chief of
Prominent Organization
Meets Final* Defeat in Liti
gation With Daughter of
the Deceased and Must 'Pay
Lady Managers Fill Vacan
cies and Transact Other
Business at Busy Session
Alfred , Spanbs- Attacked on
Homeward Way, but Scares
Off Assailant by Yelling
OAKLAND MAN HONORED
HELD IN COUNTY JAIL
AX IMPORTANT MEETING
THIEF SNATCHES WATCH
Disobeys Order of Court Di
recting Him to Turn Over
Funds of Heat on Estate
Bace Track Earnings Will
Be Turned Into Treasury
of the Alameda Hospital
Army and Xavy Kepublican
League of California Holds
Its Annual Encampment
Highwayman and Victim En
gage in; Desperate Fight
and Robber Beats a Eetreat
NEW OFFICERS
ARE ELECTED
PALM ARRESTED
FOR CONTEMPT
FABIOLA DAY
AT EMERYVILLE
FOOTPAD HOLDS
UP ALAMEDA MAN
PRETTY CHILD
IS KILLED BY
ELECTRIC CAR
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE t SAN • ¦ FRANCISCO ..'CALL, SUNDAY,^APRII/ 17,7-1904;
\ Hothouse .strawberries brought $6 a
pound) in ? London ? last * month,-, and the
best • asparagus vWas ! $15 'a^ bunch.
" The average annual contribution, in
American • Protestant churches Is $12
per. capita \
Reward of Truthfulness.— Employer,
—You are having, a : decided . flirtation
with the; girl -who; has charge' of our
telephone* wire?,' V:-^ .•--,;.
Truthful Clerk (with :: cold r chills.
running up and down. his spine and.
with . visions' of -instant •/* dismissal) — ,
Y-e-e-s, ; sir, \ but "please, sir _; ; .
I?;. Enjiployer-^-Well, keep ?. it ; up. ¦ . She
will give more attention 'to r our,- calls
if you do.— Tit-Bits.
OAKLAND. . April 16.— SuitVf or di
vorce t was begun to-day by Rosa V.
Dickersori against J. M. Dickerson oh
the ground of desertion. • They have
been married several years, but for the
last year, she alleges, he has refused to
live with her. .. .".,.-. '
Wife Asks Divorced
Church membership in China has
trebled during the last twel\-e years.
40
fmm CALL REAPERSJ
Seven remarkable pictures have been P^P^^P'^J^J^f
Call by its printing house.: the American Colortype Company ot
New York aSd Chkago, and one of these pictures will be issued
with The Call every Sunday in the order indicated.
"HIGHLAND SHEEP."
\.ltj. the reproduction of » .upecb p.lntlng by on. of that f *SS5 "Sch
of art creator, the Bonheur*. Au*uste Bonheur U the anthor of «« wm
equal, the best work of Wfl even .mere celebrated «i»ter .Rosa. Til. an p»
be clven away. fre«. with each copr of The Sunday tali. m d fln , »
- Aucurte Bonheur. in presenting <# Hl«hland Sheep" to the
contribution to the art gallery of the a ires as did hi. » lustr 2» u * V physical b*antr.
•he painted that .uperbly colored revetatlon of anlrnal PO W *J "m^ t o «urpa»» th»
"The Home Fair." Both, picture are bo perfect that tb «* p {! e *r ctua iiy root tne
power of mere art. for they possess qualltle. «f reallna whlcn acxu
senses. . - ... . - . fc .« vi- aiatar's for hU very.
Aufu»te's climb into fam* wm eren more arduous than »» •"J™ ,_• - rem mrkable^.
name handicapped him_ In 18«, when all Paris was t» 1Wn £ * D^ 1 , d -\ectri to b«-"*«
exhlblU In tlje Salon by ayoung »»rl named Rosa ¦ B° Bhwr rJ*J?l p ™i n the Ball»rles. T>
come a painter of animals, another Bonheur made an a PP**™°5 e mbltlous . to b* * I
This time it wu a man. Ftancols Aususte by name, ana a man » c^. d#< i mat I
painter of cenre. HI. pretension* were lau«h«d at. It wa * «""„,^ phenomenon,
the Bonheur family, taught by the father, could P™^. on ' y , "ndscape which at-
Buf the following year this genre painter «, hlb "' d * 'A" c ,.*ie painter ex-
tracted, attention. In a few years more he .was * * n^*£^,* n f o" d hls successive
teemed but little less than his gifted ulster. Augnste Bonhear found ms s
medals and his red ribbon of the legion. It Is qul«« »•"'"* pillion
fame of his .Uter overshadowed his, and that he might have won a n-«« r v
in art under another name. - ., Bonh»ur's art
"Highland Sheep" is probably the most noted c«»T*» « ,t, nrst exhlbiUon.
career. It was the talk of the esthetic world at O«e time of Its nrs l . * - a
Now that sheep pictures have become a popular fad— almost to xn««i. .<.^
craze-the great paintings of this animal and Its environment
and large sums of money are paid for the mere P*MJf«» °* £g£F I* far MjSrlor
picture. All critics have conceded that Bonheur's Highland Sh««p I. ia^» p^
to the works of all others who have made ¦ aninml study their specialty. me oniy
artist who ever equaled him was his own sister.
"PLAYMATES."
E. Louyefs "Playmates" Is a seen* of home life which will apprsj to *"*"££
\Ct children and pet^ It Illustrates th« sympathy which exist i b^f « C J ?"t"°e llt^
their animal playmates, and suggest* the charm which the !»£*"<"» J P la f n iV,
tie ones may bring into home. life. It show, also that tolt«tlem «rf what tnry na •
observed In the lives of their parents Influences in a remarkable degree t^ »*n ac
tlons. In. putting the puppy to bed Ift Ser doir. cradle the little giri l ?Jf°^%% e
example of her mother's care for her little brother, which she has f*"^." 0 ?!!:^:
Although her offspring seems to be an unwilling partner to »• VlfT. tb « "^°« m O w , t "
dp-s not seem greaUy concerned, for she has doubtless been often associated wlta
the children In their games and knows that they mean noharrn^ .
The picture Is. one which Ik. peak* the artist's cheerful *««*•**?*"_„ J n w» T */ • |
commonplace scene he has Infused something of the sympathy which |^ «"_?!,¦ **.£* f
for the homely Joys of domestic life. His color also indicates a genial f^«» s r fj »-
what Is pleasing ind cheerful. It Is varied and brilliant, simple ™*^%<2? h g*
pot devoid of refinement. There U even a cartaJn ¦ubiety in the Pj»«l« A are and
green and yellow-green note* of the cupboard and cradle together In the P'ctore and
balancing them with the mass of the blue apron on tb« opposite sida of_ the P |ctur h ,
Effects of studied arrangement are also to be found In the Judiciou. placing of. the
various notes of red, brown and yellow. . _„-,_
• The works of this promising young artist are not yet familiar In this <*x™*7>
as there Is so great a demand that they are generally sold to collectors and ««iers
as soon. as they are completed, and he ta*s frequently so maay **!*?VLJ?*Z1 thl
his pictures that his customers have to wait many months before th«y can nav« uie
satisfaction of possessing one of his Interesting productions. * _' - . fc . ,.
* His models are taken from his own household, even the wBJC TL?*J'
fond of introducing into his compositions. His familiarity with them is unqn««-
tlonably the secret of his remarkable success In painting them. ., . .. , :j/
"THE PASSING STORM."
Two favorite themes furnish subjects for the brush of Thomas Moran. N. A . the
artificial architectural beauty, of Venice and the grandeur of American «*°«» ea P^*
"The Passing Storm." which was painted on Long . Island, furnlehes one of th« most
beautiful and effective colored reproductions yet published. It Is -vigorous ana yei
harmonious in color, dramatic In effect and well balanced In Its composition, tm
warm color of autumn browns and ytllow contrasts with gray roc*s ana rne ncn
greens of the swampy foreground, and above all is a sky full of movement and y^rlea
in Us colored effects. • - .. . • .
It is the emotional qualities in this, a* well aa In nearly all of Mr. Moran s paint-
ings, which have contributed much to their success, and yet underlying these there is
a foundation of convincing realism. . ¦ ' , . ' .
In "The Passing Etorra" it may b« seen that the elements which make up the pic-
ture are reproduced with remarkable fidelity to nature, but at the same time by a
sapient arrangement of masses of light and dark oppositions of brilliant and sub-
dued color, of broad, simple masses and Intricate detail, the artist reflects his own
poetic temperament in Its dramatic effect, wealth of color and technical abUlty.
Mr. Mor&n's attention was first attracted to the possibilities of American land-
scape In 1S71. when he accompanied the Cnited State* Oovernment expedition under Ma-
jor Powell to explore the Yellowstone country. His large paintlnr of th« •'Grand Canyon
of the Yellowstone." which was produced shortly. after, was purchased by the Govern- m
ment. The painting is so truthful that geologists are able to detect and classify from J
it the thousands of f*et of canyon wall, and yet the expression of a feeling of subllm- r
Ity is so strong that it is difficult to believe that he has not Idealized his subject.
He has since mads several trips to the Rocky Mountain* and haa visited Cuba
and Mexico, and it may be truthfully tald that no artist has don* more to make
known to the world the splendors of American landscapes, whose artistle possibilities
he was one 'of the first to appreciate. . _
Thomas Moran, who is sometimes called the American Turner, was bora in Bol-
ton. Lancashire. England. In 1837. Went to Philadelphia with his parent* at the age
of 7.- He began his artistic career as a wood engraver's apprentice and was made an
associate of the National Academy In 1882 and academlclar. in 1884. H« Is a mem-
ber of the Society of American Artists and the Pennsylvania. Academy. > v
"TREASURED MEMORIES."
Not all of the garlands of war are of laurel and palm, there "are others
of withered and bitter leave* which do not crown the victors or repose - ett %h»
graves of.- those . who. have given their lives for their country. They are worn
by -the women .who. have Inherited the legacy of sorrow and loneliness 'through
the.dealli'of a son, a father or a brother in war. . - j iw
" » They cling In their bereavement to anythlnx which may k««p fresh tb* . mem-
ory of"these*-d«*f>' r onei.^- > Their letters, portraits. . anything they have wora ' or
owned are treasured ! as of priceless value, ahd on such a day as the one appointed
to honor the nation's dead they setm to bring back, something of the Teat pres-
ence of the heroes who have- fallen.- r . _ ~ *•'?* ' ~
To express the** thoughts on caava* is . the motive of Edcar S. WitiToa >
picture, "Treasured Memories." - • „•"-''• — ¦
It depicts an'' aged mother honoring the memory of a son fallen on a Southern
battlefield, by bringing out his rusty saber and time-worn unlfcrm to ptacs them
in the chair he used to tit in as a boy, while she »e-r«ad» tbe letters whose con-,
tents she knows by heart. - - • -
It Is thus on the anniversary of bis d-jath and Decoration day sn* performs
silently and alone what to her -ha* become the ceUbration of a' sacred rite. • Th*
picture is one full of human Interest and sentiment strongly expressed. - It ts!>*
it* story simply and directly and at the same time it possesses artistic qualities
of a high order. It is admirably composed, effective, pleasing In color and care-
fully elaborated in its details. ¦ - . ¦
Edgar 8. Cameron, the artist who has painted this picture, is one of tbe most,
prominent Dainter. of figure compositions In the West. Few men have th« ability
to paint well to many . different ¦ classes of subjects as he. 1>n years ago c« was
painting military subjects, on* of which received honorable mention In the Yerkes
prlie competition. Then followed decoration for the World's Fair. The largest can-
vas he has "painted Is a religious subject. "The Youth of Christ." now loaned to«*Ji
the Union League Club of Chicago. Two yean ago he exhibited a striking • pictur-
of glaasblowers at work In the red light of a blow furnace. This was purchase!
by the Chicago Woman's Aid Club. At the Chicajro Artists' Exhibition this year he
showed an Important marine painting "The Volceful 8ea." whksh wa* painted
while the artist was t returning from Paris last year, where he served a* a mem-
ber of the international Jury of the exposition of 1900. This plctnr* was pur-
chased by the Arche Club. ¦
Besides « painting these and countless genre and landscape subjects, Mr. Cam-
eron has found time to contribute occasionally articles on art to art publications
and to act aa Instructor at the Art Academy. As early as 1888 h* was an exhib-
itor in the Paris Salon. . ; ;- •• .
"IN THE PASTURE." ; •..-,-
"In th* Pasture." by Julien Jos, presents a rare combination of ptctortaJ and
artistic qualities. In It the artist ha s displayed exceptional ability In three direc-
tions — as a landscaptst. a figure painter and an animal painter. His varied talents
. are so evtnly balanced and so harmoniously combined In this picture that It would
be a difficult matter to decide which be has painted best — the cattle, the young
peasant woman who is caring for their wantr, or the landscape, which s«rv*s a* a
setting for both. It- has other qualities which are not the result of the artist's skill
as a painter, but which are th* ; expression of his thought and feeling.
There is a vigor and brilliancy to b« observed in the effect of sunlight, and h*
has given a vivacity to the movements of the animals and the action of the figure.
In the grass and foliage of the lane'seape there Is abundant detail, but it !•
painted with a frank, sure touch, free from any •uggestlon of labored uncertainty in
his methods of painting. AU this combines to give in tbe picture an agreeable effeot
of truth and llfellkeness. . • ' • . - ¦-.-¦•
The cattle are particularly 'wail drawn *nd painted.
It has been said that pictures of horses are less ant to pleas* than representa-
, tlons of cattle or sheep, for the reason that horse* are generally more closely ob-
served by the public, and defects In th* drawing of the** animals are more quickly
noted, while in paintings of cattle su ch defects are overlooked, provided there Is . . .
agreeable color and a picturesque Quality of roughness. In the paintlnr to* conceal I
them. - ' ¦ . ' ¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦" t '
- In this painting by Julien Jos ther* has been no attempt to avoid difficult!**. - i
Forms are welt defined, values are truthful- and colors well . observed. Then Is evt- -•
dence everywhere of the artist's comprehennive study, from' the blades ' of grass in '
tbe foreground to details of the figure and the animals. ' ' -* '
There is a satisfying sense of com plateness, and y*t he haa shown bow to sub-
ordinate parts of his picture to gain unity of subject.
It. Is scientific rather than emotional painting, and yet is not lacking In tteltng
and spirit. .:, • . • -
Julien Jos Is a native of Belgium- and has his studio in Brussels. He is a pupil
of the celebrated cattl* painter, Franz d« Beul. and is, to some extent, a follower.
, of Julien Dupre. ... . 1 - ' .
. He was awarded a stiver medal at the Brussels Universal Exposition, and m*da!s
at exhibitions held' in Ghent. Antwerp and other Buropean cities. His work is almost
as well known and appreciated In America as in Europe. ,
"COSTLY TOYS."
"Costly Toy*" is the title of the art supplement, by Charles Van den Eycken.
The ¦ proverbial playfulness of s kittens Is. a favorite subject, with painters who
choose their models , from the domesticated branch* of tbe feline -tribe The- fact
' that the little . animal* have not been endowed with discretion in . their choice of
playthings, along with their Instinct for play, often leads' them to ¦ do much mis-
chief, ' and It Is this mischief which furnishes an inexhaustible ¦ fund of mate-
rial upon which such artists as Eugene Lambert. Mme. Henriette' Ronner and
Charles Van' den Eycken. the painter of the original of this art supplement, hav*
¦drawn. In producing the picture* which are . their . lifework. - ¦ ; - ,.-•
Oth£r artist* of more serious temperament have used cats as models for rep-
resentations of - the savac* members of the same family. The anatomy of th« do-
mestic cat Is almost Identical with that of many ot Its wild cousins, and the fact
that the ravage instincts of its ancestors have only a thin veneer of .< the denw«tl-
catlon makes it a simple matter for an artist to transform th« household tabby into
a tl«r»r or lioness, . as Delacroix frequently did. One needs only to •observe a cat
drinking, eating or ' stalking a mouse or sparrow to note the resemblance recalled
by, Whlttler,. who displayed- much of a painter's instinct In his description. In the
lines In "Snow - Bound" : "The cat's dark silhouette en the wall, "a couchant -timer's
seemed to fall.". .. v '"
¦ ¦¦¦¦ In ' such ' pictures as the one which Is the subject' of "this notice there "are the
" elements of ' lively action, and a pleasing suggestion of Innocence and ' Joyousness
which make them Justly popular. In Van -den Eycken's painting there Is also
bright and agreeable color and : skillful brush work |lF ¦
~ Charles Van den Eycken is a Belgian of pure Flemish descent. He Is still §
a young . man. and has every prospect of becoming even more famous In hi* chosen
branch . of art than the celebrated . Mme.* Ronner. who*e pupil he is. Hit studio Is
in Antwerp, in the same building as that of hi.* farmer, instructor. During the last
decade his works have become well known In America.' and . tbe sale of hi» pictures
' In this country is steadily increasing.
"THE BIRTHDAY." < 17
Cora .Fredericka Freer* s ; painting. "The Birthday." was the most important
figure composition exhibited by a Chicago artist at the recent exhibition of \mer-
. lean oil painting and sculpture at the Art Institute. It Is the work which com-
I bines. the telling of a pleasing story wJth the successful renderlnc of a most inter-
' estln* effect of artificial lighting. The four flickering tapers on the birthday cake
Illuminate the scene, which Is one of tenderness and Intensity as well as of , fes-
tivity. ¦ * ' . . , '
The costumes of. the little girl In whose honor the celebration Is mad* hep
young mother and her comrade and guest furnish notes of colors, and the olav of
the.warra glow from the tapers on these" offers a problem which the artist 'has
solved most atfreeably. "*•''•"" ''-'(Z 1 -. ¦'< •> • .-,-
The expression on the faces of the participants in the pretty fete shows that
she Is also a • close student of character. A smile of love and contentment plays
over the features of the mother, as she ctjts the cake: the little one looks on *»'lth
something of ; curiosity t and wonderment in her Joy, while a lcok-of satlent ex-
pectancy plays over the features of her ruest. .¦-•¦••..
Remember it will be impossible to secure "these beautifui pictiires
unless you are a Call reader, so we would advise you to bear this
fact "in mind arid ) subscribe; for The Call, thereby insuring prompt and
regular : delivery of the papers containing these valuable pictures.
ALL 'TRAIM NEWS AGENTS^AND IVEWSDE ALCRS'.ON THE PACIf IC tom
;; SELL THE CALL. ul V ut y^ r
REGISTER A C0MPU\INT IF YOU FfIL TO SECUREA CALL
~ ir It paj-s otliers to pay you
weprs. why not pay yourself ?
PAVING .INVESTMENTS are
the kind advertked In the BUSI-
NESS CHAXCE # COLUMNS— •;
INVESTIGATE. . ,Following were' the sales on the Padfio
Stock Exchange yesterday: ¦
- ;' Morning Session.'
PACIFIC .STOCK EXCHANGE.
SAN FRANCISCO 8T0CK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:, .
Morning Session. J> :
S00 Alpha .:..... 111.100 Ophtr.. 5 37?i
1000 Belcher ...... 37| 600 Overman ..... »1 41
100 Best A Belch.2 00 300 Potosl ....... 23
100 Caledonia - .-. . 8S| 200 8corpton ' ....'. - 20
200 Con C A Va.l 70 600 Seg Belcher ..16
200 Exchequer ... . S5| 1C0 Union Con . . 91
100 Gould .&: Cur. 31 ' 100 Utah 15
100 Gould A Cur. 32 1 500 Yellow Jacket. 23
200 Mexican .....2 05|
Mining Stocks.
CHICAGO. April 16. — CATTLE — Receipts.
400 head; market nominal; rood- to prime
steers. $5 I0@5 65; poor to m«d!uxn. $3 75«g5;
etockers and feeders. 52 70@4 25; cows..$l 60
©>4 25; .heifers, $2@4 75; canners, ; $1 50®2 40
bulls, $264 10; calves. $2@4 50; Texas fed
steers. U&A CO. ,
HOGS — Receipts to-day 11,000 head, Monday
31.000 head: market slow to weak; mixed and
butchers'. $5 10©5 30; good to choice heavy,
$5 25®5 35;. rough hea\-y, $5 10#5 20; light.
$1 K54*5 15; bulk of sales, $5 10JI5 20. •
RHEEP — Receipts, 2000 head: sheep and
lambs were cteady; good to choice wethers
$4 7565 65; fair to choice mixed. 13 50@4 60-
Western sheep. $4 90@S 30: native lambs, J4'i
5 75: Western lambs, dipped. $4 50@5 75-
Western lambs, wooled, $5 75@S 50.
CHICAGO.
Livestock Market.
The California Stevedore and Bal*
last Company filed a libel yesterday'in
the United States District Courx
against the British ship Loch Trool
to recover $1315 damages inflicted
upon a hoisting barge and engine at
the Oakland pier on March 10 by tho
Loch Trool coming into collision with
the barge. John P. Maxwell entered
suit in the United States Circuit Court
against. Augustus E.\ Barrett and his
bondsmen to recover $1771 balance
alleged to, be due on. hardware for the
new postofflce building at Oakland. -
Federal Damage Salts.
Cons for money.. «!*!K T Central 150
Do for acct S«V, Nor A Western.. /.9*4
Anaconda 3*i,l Do pfd W}'
AtchJson 75SIOnt A "VTestern.. 22H|
Do pfd W-^i! Pennsylvania Wri
Ral A Ohio *>2 I Rani Mines 10*^
Can Pacific 119"i Reading 231;
Chea & Ohio 334 Do l«t pfd 40U
Ch! Great W«t.. 17U Do 2« pfd .T»i
Cbl. Mil & St P.14*?i So Railway . 22»i
De Beem 19% Do pfd RTj
Den A Rio G.... 22 So Pacific 61
Do pfa ........ 73% Union Pacific M»i
Erie 2S I Do pfd 05
Do 1st pfd «7H U 8 Steel iftt
Do 23 pfd 43^ Do pfd «jou
ni Central 134 JWabaeh 19V
Louis & Na*h...lll»i Do pfd 40
M. K f Texas... 17%
Bar allver — Steady. 24>4d per ounce.
Money — 1©2 per cent.
The rate 0/ discount In the open market for
short bills is 2 7-16^2^ per cent and for
three months' bills 2H02 9-I6 per cent.
I^ondon Closing Stocks.
COAL— Wellington. ?8 per ton ; New ; Wel
lington, IS: Seattle, J6 60; Bryant, $6 60; Bea
ver Hill. $6; Stanford. $7; Roslyn. $7; Coos
Bay, $5 60; Greta, *7: Wallsend. $7; Richmond,
f7 CO; Cumberland, $13 In bulk and $14 25 In
tack?; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, S14;
Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 60: Cannel. $8 CO per ton; Coke. $11 60gl3
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per 2CC0 lbs and $12 80
per lone ton, : according to: brand. - - . ¦¦¦¦-
OILS — Quotations are. for barrels; for cases,
add' 6c; Linseed. 49c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; Castor Oil. in cases, No.-1, 70c;
Bakers'. AA, $1 lO'di 12; Lucol. 45c for boiled
and 43c for raw; China Nut, 60@70c per gallon ;
Cocoanut Oil in barrels. 5Sc for Ceylon and 55c
for Australian: extra bleached winter . Sperm
OH, 85c; natural winter Sperm Oil, SOc; extra
bleached winter. 'Whale Oil, 65c; natural Whale
OH. ttOc; extra winter strained Lard Oil, 75c;
No. 1- Lard Oil,- 60c; pure Neatsfoot Oil,; 75c;
No.. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 85c; light Herring, Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil. 4Cc: Salmon Oil. 38c:
bol'*d Fish Oil. 40c: raw Fiab.OM.-3Sc; boiled
Ptjnt Oil. 35c; raw Paint Oil, 33c.
COAL OIL — Water > White • Coal Ofl.r In ¦ bulk,
14c; • Pearl Oil, in cases. 20%c; . Astral 20Uc;
Star. ! 20%c; Extra Star. 24 Vjc; Elaine. : 26^c:
Eocene, 23V>c; Deodorized ', Stove Gasoline, In
bulk,' 16c; In cases, -2214c: Benxlne, In bulk,
13c: In cases, :19V&c: SC-degree gasoline In
bulk. 25c: incases, 31c. "; ¦ . ¦
TURPENTINE— Slo per gallon In cases and
75c ln'drums and : iron barrels. -- r-.-> /
RED AND W^HITE LEAD — Red ¦ Lead. 7®
"iViC per. lb; White Lead, 7©7Hc, according to
quantity.- • - : -:<¦'-¦- . • : ..
' SUGAR— The Western ! Sugar Refining : Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-Ib bags:
Cubes, A Crushed ' and Fine . Crushed, ¦ 5.65c;
Powdered. 5.50c; - Candy Granulated.- B.50c;
Dry , Granulated, '• , fine, ,- 5.40c; « •: Dry •* Granu
lated; "coarse. 5.40c: Fruit s Granulated, 5.40c;
Beet' -Granulated (100-lb baes- only), 5.50c:
Confectioners' ¦'¦- A, 5.40c; Magnolia -A, -5c;
Extra C, 4.80c: Golden C. 4.80c: "D."
4.70c: barrels. 10c more; half barrels; 25c more;
BAGS— Gram Bags, 6*ic spot and 5*;c June-
July: San Quentln. $5 40; Wool Bags, 3233oc;
Fleece Twine, 70Sc. • • :'¦:¦ .
General -Merchandise.
Ala 8 Co... 24 29 . Mat NavCo. — ' 80
Cal Cot Mils 8« — Nev Nat- Bk. — 200 -
Cal G&E Cor 32«i 40 N S R R Co. »U —
C Jockey Cl. 105 — N Cal P Co. 10% 11%
Cal Powder.125 — Oak Bk Sav.ll2»j —
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 ( Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I & T— 155 IOOF Hall A 6 —
Cen Ek. Oak 63*; 75 Orpheuin Co.. 121, 16^
Chutes Co .. 6T» — Pac S Tel... 100 %—
City A C Bk — 112 Paraf Paint.. 3S —
East Dynm..l50 . 25O,- S F Drydocic 6O —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 SF4SJ Coal . 24 —
Do com .. 4O • — 8 J -Wat Co. — 106
FN Bk Oak.120 — " SO t MTRbt.125 —
Fischer" Thtr —' 1H Swlss-A Bk:it5 —
Frnch-A Bk.105 Truck Elect. 10 —
Gas Con A. . — ¦ 22 UR InC pfd. .43 —
Hon PCo.. 12% — Do com .. 9 ¦ —
Lon<fc SF Bk — 60
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
¦ MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Aak.|. - • Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. 98 — ISP & NP 5s.llltt —
B L Wat Cs. — Il"i4 S P C R 4s. — 100
Cal NW 5n..l08«411O>i S.P Co 4%s.l00 —
M C Wat 5S.100 ~— Sun Tel 6s. .113 —
RIs I Wks5«. —.107^ Suttr-st R5S.105 113
EF Drdk 5s — 113Vj|UR of SF 4s. 77U.77H
Unlisted. Securities;
CHICAGO. April 16.— Cash quotations were
u follows: Flour, dull and easy: winter pat
ents. $4 70@4 RO; etraJehts. 4 4O@4 CO; spring
patents ¥4 40*?4 TO; straights. **<3&* 20; ba
kers*. $2 75S-T .10; No. 2 spring wheat. SSefttic:
So. 3, R0<K>6c: No. 2 red. 0C©O7%ic: No. 2
corn. 52'ifl52?ic; No- 2 yellow, 52^«552«$c:
No. 2 oats'. 3T»i@3Sc: No. 3 white, 4104.1c;
Xo. 2 rye, 70c; good feeding barley. 32@35c;
fair to choice malting:. 44@53c; Xo. 1 flaxseed,
JKS; No. 1 Northwestern. (1 10; prime timo
thy seed, $2 SO; mew pork, per barrel.- $129
12 12H: lard, per 100 pounds. $•? 4r.fto 47>.-i:
ehort rlb« sides (loose). $6 12H@6 25; nhort
clear sides (boxed). $6 S0!?0 75; whlrky, basis
of high wines. |1 28; clover, contract grade,
*10 75.
Articles— Receipt*. Shipments.
Flour, barrels.... 23.500 19.200
Wheat, bushels 17.000 18.600
Corn, buehels 111.100 53.200
Oats, bushels... 132.000 130.700
Tly* bushels 4,000 2.300
Barley, bushels.... 42,600 4,300
Cash Grain and Provisions.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. 5466c per lb
for extra. 4%©5c for .No. 1 and 3>j@-lc for No.
2; Rhubarb.- 40090c per box; Green Peas, $1@
1 50 per sack: String Beans. 15@20c per lb; To
matoes. 75C0J1 25 per box or crate for Los An.
iteles and *1 5O@l 75 for Mexican: Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, tl 23|l 60 per box;
Cabbage.- *1 C5 per ctl: Carrots. 60c per sack:
Hothouse Cucumbers. . 50cg$I 25 per . dozen;
Garlic, 15c per lbrEgg. Plant. 20@25c per lb;
Dried Peppers/nominal; Dried Okra. 12tJ015o
per lb; Green Peppers (Mexican), 20@25c per
lb; Marrowfat 'Squash,'. Jobbing at^lH^c per
pound. ... .-•¦ " ¦_ ¦' - .
POTATOES — Burbanks from the river, $1 60
©1 C5 per ctl; Oregon . Burbanks, . $1 60@l 75
per ctl; River Reds. $1® I 10 per ctl; small
Oregon Burbanks for seed, $1 25® 1 60 per ctl;
Garnet Chiles. $1 60@l 75 per ctl; Early Rose,
$1 40S1 50 per ctl; new Potatoes, 2@3c per lb.
ONIONS — Yellow. $2 6032 75 per ctl for Ore-
Kon and $393 25 for Australian; Green Onions.
40065c per box. .
Freeh arrivals of old Potatoes were light and
there was continued firmness In all descriptions.
The best lots of table varieties were quickly
disposed of at full figures . and most dealers
were predicting a higher range of prices?* Or
ders for seed Potatoes • were plentiful ! and
Garnet Chiles were held at' higher rates. New
Potatoea -were Inclined to easiness, as receipts
were large, aggregating ,:C17 sacks. Onions
were unchanged and rather dull.
As usual on Saturday trade In miscellaneous
vegetables was active, but as nearly all kinds
were In free, supply prices had but Blight quot
able variance. The canners were still In th?
market for Asparagus and cleaned up most of
the eurplus at. 3}s®4c per pound. Choice of
ferings of Peas were In good demand at pre
vious prices, but poor lots were offering below
the minimum rate. Rhubarb was easier as
supplies were excessive and most dealers" were
anxious to cleanup. The carload of Tomatoes
that was expected from Florida did not arrive,
but was reported close at hand.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
.BUTTE. Mont., April 16. — Th»
strike in the coal mines at 'Bed" Lodge
is not over, despite the order of Pres
ident Mitchell of the United Mine
Workers of America to the men to re
turn to work.* The miners have decid
ed at a meeting: that President Mitch
ell could not understand the situation
and resolved fo stay out until further
communication could be had. The op
ertors refuse to arbitrate -with the lo
cal union, but are" said to be willing
to treat with Mitchell. Six hundred
men are out.
Not Understand the
Situation.
Montana 31 iners Say Their Chief Dors
STRIKERS" ARE DEAF
TO 3IITCHEIiL'S OKDEH9
Money— lU S Steel lit,
Call loans 8H| Do pfd »»«4
Time loans 3Vi©4 Westing Common. 80
Bonds — j Mining —
Atchlson 4s 99*»f Adventure 2
Do adj 4s »04jAl!ouez 4%
SJer Cent 4s 64HlAmal Copper 45»%
Railroads— lAmer Zinc 10«i
Atchlson 73Ui Atlantic g
Do pfd 93 JBIngham 22~i
Boston A Albany.249 | Calumet A Hecla.469
noston A Malne.l674iCentennlal 19«i
Boston Kiev 140 ] Copper Range ... 42 •
FHchburjr pfd 141 I Daly West 12j;
Mfi Central 7'ilDom Coal 63
NT N H & H..1STU,! Franklin 74
Pere Marquette.. 76 (Grahcy 34
Union Pacific S5»»IIsle Royale 7
Miscellaneous — {Mass Mining .... 4
Amer Arge Chem. 12 iMichlcan 5
Do pfd "1 Mohawk 41
Amer Pneu Tube. 4«i Mont Coal & Coke 2
Amer Sugar 127 U Old Dominion.... 12i;
Do pfd 12SU!O«c*0la 57'i
Amer Tel & Tel. 126 IParrot 23
Amer Woolen ... 10'A!Qu!ncy S5
Do pfd 75 (Shannon 8H
Don Iron & E... 9?i|Tamarack 85
Ed El5«- Ilium.. 234 HI Trinity 40
Gen Electric ,.t.ie24!U S Mining .... 20»i
Mass Electric... 20 !1T S Oil 9* g
Do pfd 744!l*tah 33
Mass Gas 40^ | Victoria 31;
United Fruit 100 (Wlnona flii
Un Shoe Mach... 4S Wolverine 72'
Do pfd 28U:
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
HOGS-^Llve llo«-s, 140 to 200 lbs, 5vi®6c;
over 200 'lbs. 59»«5«ic; soft Hogs, 4%©3iic;
Sows, 20 per cent off: Boars, 50 per cent off.
and Staes. 40 per < cent off from above quota
tions. <-;—'•.: .-'"-. .=.;": '-'.-'" * ' ¦' "¦;¦'-¦-¦:
¦ The. following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock, delivered In San" Francisco, less 50
per cent r brinks g» for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steera, S(59a; Cows and Heifers.
7@8c; thin Cows; 4©5c per lb. "
CALVES — 1Q4V&C per lb (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers, 4HQ5; Ewes, 4U«*4 1 5c
per lb (gross weight).
LAMB — $2 75©>3 per head.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
ai»- as follows: • ¦ •. , . .
BEEF— 7H©Sc for Steers and 6^®7c per
U> for Cows.
VEAL— Large. SVs@9c; small. 8^69140 per
pcjnd. . • . -
-MUTTON — Wethers. 0®10c; Ewes. 8%@3^c
per lb. • - • • .
LAMB — 12l£@13c per lb.
. ¦ PORK— Dre*seu Hoes. 6H©9c per Ib.
_: '/¦¦¦':¦-:?.> LIVESTOCK MARKET. ,.
' All descriptions nre as previously quoted,
with plenty coming in to satisfy the demand.
Meat Market.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Kales. H!ch. Low. Close
At'-hls-vn S,lOa) 7."!*I 73 »4 73%
Atrhlson pM 1O0 V3\ T»3>» H.t
HaltlTOore A Ohio.. l.COO 79'. 79*4 7?*^
Ua!t it otio era .... po't
<anadicn Pacific... COO 116% lie*» I1C«
. Or.t of Ncu- Jersey ... r." 15«
Chesapeake A- Ohio 1OT S2S 32% 32%
Chicago & .Mien 37ii
<Tii * Alton pfd.. M>'*
OH A Gt Western. 10»t 16% 16"« " 16S
• "hi A Northwestern JOO 171 171 ie»
«1il Mil A Kt Paul. 2.200 145% 144 U 144«i
I'hi M * S P cm 175
• "hi Term A Trans »
Chi Tcr * Tran pid 194
C C C 4k St L 75'
• • ¦ -sr!o f>;uth»rn. ..... .... .... 17
«'«:o Kouthem pfd .... 64
< "o'o South 2<1 pfd .... 23'
iJelawsrr * Hudson J53H
r*U Lark A Wtst 2e9H
IVcv^ftllloGr... 100 21^4 21»i 214
Ii'fl & RioCr pfd .... 70
Krie S.700 27?4 ? 26'4 2«*i
Krie 1st pfd 1,000 «6 65% C554
Urie 24 prd 400- 42%, 42>» 42»4
Horkln* Valley 65
TIcck Valley pfd .< «)il
Illinois Ontral 100 130«4 130% 130»*
Iowa Central lf»%
Inwa Central pfd S5
Kansas City fcouth IfiiJ
K C South pfd 35H
Ix/uls A Nash 1,000 I0S«; 1084 10K^»
Manhattan L 900 142^ 142 142
M^tropoi iSecurltitta. ..... .... .... 78
Metropolitan St Ry 400 113»4 113% 1J3U
Minne A St Loult „ .... 47
M St P A 6 f=te M 200 C2 &% «2
M S P & 8 Et M pfd " J17
Missouri Pariflo MO 03*4 83". 93
Mo Kansas & Texas 17«
«o K«n & Tex pfd. ICO 3S>/4 384 3 fil «i
Nat RR of Mer pfd 38U
New York Central. 200 117H 117 llfl%
Norfolk A Wwtorn 100 6S% LS\i M
Norfolk A We*t pi d 88
Ontario & Western. ..... . **14
BSW? B « ;•£:: f: 500 n *« "^ *%*
R*««!ln«: 400 4514 43 44"£
nea«inir 1st pfd tgtj
Reading; 2d pfd.... BOO 6514 6SX4 65
nark Island Co 1.3OO 23«i 23«2 23ii
Rock Island Co pfd im 64 «4 «3U
Pt L A 8 F 24 pfd. 100 47 47 4«?
Ft Louis S W it
6t L S W pfd *40rt S5>4 35 35
Southern Pactflc... 3.100 49V 49^4 491;
Southern Railway.. 200 21 % 21», 21 v*
fiouthem Ry pfd .' . ti*K
Tezac A Pacific u... 400 24% 2i% 24>4
Toledo * t L A We*t 100 28 2« 25*4
TOCo 6 L & W pt& 200 2SU 38 S7%
Nkv York Stock Market.
VEW TOP.K. April 16. — Close — Money on
ca!! was nominal; r.o loans. Time loans, easy:
"Ixty and ninety days. L ; J '?;; per cent; six
months. 4-% per r^nt.
Prim* »ne«-car:tiie pap^r. *<2*'? per cent.
strrlinp • «• : an;, was ttradr. »rith actual
business in fcariK<»fs' bill* at $t. 8T35S4. S74O for
demand and «t J» 85«r4.«lS10 for eixt}-<3ay bills
Potted ;atM. *4 t£iy«i4 S«.
Ccmmerrlal kills. $4 M : 4 '?t U^.
Har silver. Kl±c.
Mexican dollars. 43c.
'jovcrnment bonfis. steafiy; railroad bonds,
Crm.
New York Money Market.
EASTEKX MARKETS. |
Dealers report a quiet but steady demand for
assorted cars of Beans for Texas at previous
prices. Otherwise there 1h nothing new.
Standards of Beans will be established In
the office of Chief Grain Inspector Bunker to
morrow forenoon.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 S5@2 60: Pea. $:{@3 2.1:
Butters. $3 50i?:i 75; small White. $3li3 10;
large White. $2 65@2 75; Pink. $3'30&o 50:
Hed. Sf 5t>: Lima. »3 20S.1 SO; Red Kidneys.
$4 50@5; Blackeye.'$2 15@2 25 per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2@2 50 '- .. .
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. S3 7594; Tellow
Mustard $3®3 25; Flax. $1 SO©1 9U: Canary,
5Vi?(5»ic for Eastern: Alfalfa. 14>4®16c: Rape.
lU(?2e: Timothy, 6@6VaC; Hemp. 3}£G4e per
lb; Millet. 3®3^c: Broom Corn Seed. $20321
per ton. -
DRIED PEAS— BJackeye. $3 per ctl; Nlles,
$3 23; Green. $2@3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
PORTLAND, Or., April 16. — The
blockade on the Southern Pacific lines
has been raised and the trains which
have been detained at Hombrook.
Cal., for several days have commenced
to arrive. In all . ten trains were
stalled by the landslides, but it !s ex
pected that before midnight ail of. the
delayed passengers will have arrived
in Poflftand. • Sections of the delayed
trains are coming in rapidly to-day
and several days' accumulated mail is
being distributed in this city and be
ing forwarded to its destination.
It will be at least twenty-four hours
before north and south bound traffic
from, this city will be restored to a
normal state.
Track at Hombrook Is Cleared and
Trains Hare Commenced to Ar
rive at Portland.
BLOCKADE OX SOUTHERN
PACIFIC IS RAISED
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %01c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, l>V4o:- medium, 8Hc: light. 7?ic: Cow
Hides. 8c for heavy and 7%c for llzht; Stags.;
Be-- Salted Kip. Oc: Salted Veal. lOc; Salted
Calf lie; dry Hides. 15@16c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Cal f ISc; Sheepskins, shearlings. 25>g50c each;
short Wool, 40®C5c each; medium, 70$90c: long
Wool. $1@1 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
large and $2@2 00 for medium. $1 25@1 75 for
small and 60c for Colts. Horse Hides, dry.
$175 for large and $1 60 for medium, $l@l 25
for small anil 60c for Colts. Buck Skins — Dry
Mexican. 31c; dry Salted Mexican, 25c; dry
Central American. 31c. Goat Skins — Prime An
goras, 75c: iurce and smooth. 50c; medium,
U5c- small, 20c.
TALLOW— Xo. 1 rendered, 4t{®-|i4c per lb;
No. 2. 3^!&4c: grease. 2V4©3c.
WOOL— Spring clip — San Joaquin and South
ern. 12 months'. Sfcllc^do 7 months'. SglOc
per lb. v.-
HOPS — 2-l@ti7c per lb for California, 1903.
and 17i.662Cc for crop of 1901.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
Feedstuffs continue steady and unchanged.
BRAN— $20fe21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $23&28 per ton.
SHORTS— $20821 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley. $23 50925 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $29 60^31;
Jobbing $32; Cocoanut Cake. $22@23; Corn
Meal. $30 G0&31 60; Cracked Corn, $31«j32:
Mixed Feed. $21022: Horae Beans, $30©
40 per ton; Broom Corn Feed, 00c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat, $14fU6: Wheat and Oat, $14@
15 60; Oat, $11 CO® 15; Barley. $11@13; Stock.
$10@12: Alfalfa, $10 50^13 per ton.
STRAW— 50@75c per bale.
The weakness In Hay continues, though some
dealers think that with clearer weather again
the situation \ may show more steadiness. A
further depreciation In Oat, Barley and Stock
grades arts noted. The choicer grades show no
additional decline. . .. • . \
Hay and Feedstuff s.
• FLOUR— Calif ornla Family Extras. . $4 80®
5 10. .. usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 7095;
Oregon and Washington^ jobbing at $3 SS04 25
per bbl. • •. " . , ' '
M1LLSTUFFE — Prices in packages ar* as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 60 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $3 60; extra cream do. $4 25;
Oat Groats. $4 60; Hominy. $4@4 25: Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50@4 75; Cracked Wheat. *4;
Farina $4 60; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 75;
Rolltd Oats. bbls. $7 2508 60; in sacks. $6 760
8 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peas, boxes, $7;
Green Peas. $5 60 per 100 lbs.
Plour and Millstufts.
Quiet markets are reported everywhere and
quotations shew little variance from day to
day. ' Stocks throuEhout the West are large
and the tendency Is to sell.
¦Cottolene Is Vie lower. .. .. ... ¦ .. .
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 1 1014c per - Ib for
heavy, lie for light medium, 13c for light,
14V£c fcr extra light and 15&16c for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 12%c; Cali
fornia Hams. ll%«gl2Uc; Mess Beef. $10 50®
11 cer bbl: extra Mess. $11 50® 12; Family,
$12 60013: prime Mess Pork, $15; extra clear,
$24: Me*s. SIS; Dry Salted Pork. lOVic; Pfg
Pork. $27: Pigs' Feet, $5; Smoked Beef, 14c
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6*ic per Ib for
cempound and 9c fcr pure; half-barrels, pure,
O',ic; 10-lb tins. 8»ic; 5-lb tins. 9I»c; 3-lb tins,
10c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. S'ic; three
half barrels. 8$ic; one tierce. S9»c;:two tierces,
8 Vic; five tierces, 8»j>c per Ib.
Provisions.
. The pressure has risen slowly ever the Pa
cific Coast and rapidly over the Rocky Moun
tain redon. Cloudy weather prevails In Nor
thern California and light rain has fallen
from Fan FYanclsro northward.
Much cooler weather rrevaJIs In Utah, .but
Jn California there has been but little change.
The follom-in* maximum wind velocities are
r»i>orted : North Head. SO miles from trie
¦eotb. and Flagstaff. 28 miles from the south
*e*t.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour*, ending midnight. April 17 :
Northern California— Cloudy Sunday; light
northerly wind?.
Southern California — Cloudy Sunday; light
rorth wind, changing to fresh westerly.
Nevada — Fair Hunday.
San Fran<-I*co and vicinity — Cloudy Sunday;
¦»'•¦• northerly winfls, rhanpinr to fresh
westerly. A. G. McADIE,
District Forecaster.
FORECAST.
THE COAST RECORD.
= SKS » *r
* »j* *s- c^- *.* 3
3 <¦'« V= ~3 =:; 3
STATIONS. £ \l §! |§ 5- Z
icc' : : p
1 • • 1 * -
Btker SO.TO 50 SS NW Pt.CIdy .24
<*ar«>n 29.»6 M 32 NW ClouCy .00
F.ureka 30.12 f.» 60 xw Cloudy .24
Fresno 30.02 70 46 NW Clear T.
FE. FaralloneSO.OS 60 62 BW Cloudy .00
riaiwtaff 30. 04 64 44 FW Clear .OO
Poca.t*Jlo 30.00 S6 34 "W Rain .05
Judependence 2».S6 «4 44 PE Cloufiy .(**
l>>s Angeles ..30.00 7O 48 W Clear .0»
Alt Tama!pais,-«).10 T.5 <2 N Cloudy .C2
«crth Head.. SO. 14 54 .. S Pt.Cldy .04
Phoenix 2S.P2 86 56 W Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt..30.04 59 49 NW Cloudy ,2»
Tortland .10.10 «52 48 NW Cloudy .34
ned Bluff ...10.O4 66 4»« 6E Pt.Cldy .in,
Rcseterg 30. OS «4 4S N Pt.Cidy .08
Facrameclo . .30.06 «6 C2 PW Pt.Cldy .C2
Halt Lake ...23.98 56 42 N Pt.Cidy .12
Fan Franelsco30.10 60 62 W Cloudy .12
K L. Oblspo..30.04 64 40 W Clear .OO
Pan Diego ...30.00 64 C2 NW Clear .00
Flattie 30.12 TA <f> S Cloudy .10
Fpokane SO. 12 56 32 W Cloudy T.
Tatoosh 30.10 £2 48 P Pt.Cliiy .22
VaUa Walla,..1(l.10 62 40 N Pt.Cldy .03
TVir.nemucca .29.98 58 36 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Tunn 29. S2 62 M G Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
May K2V, P24 M^ 51*;
July BOVi 60% 43*4 ¦*»*;
September 49»i 49*4 49 49
Oats No. 2—. •»
May 3Sli 3S l i »7»i S7«,
July 3RH 38*4 37»; 37»,
September -12U 32U 31 H 31%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 12 15 12 15 12 00 12 02^
July 12 35 12 35 12 20 12 20
Lard, per 100 lbs—
May 0 55 6 55 6 47^ 6 47#
July 6 70 C 72 6 €5 6 63
Short RJbs, per 100 lbs —
May 6 35 « O .15 6 2* « 25
July 6 50 6 50 6 40 6 42H
CHICAGO. April 16.— A bearish mood from
the start In wheat was induced by lower
cables and an official forecast of showers and
warmer tempeartures for Kansas. July opened
unchanged to He lower at S6%c to 67c. Offer
ings were quite liberal and. apparently there
wa B little Inclination to support the market.
The desire to sell was Increased by Kansas
State reports, which made the condition cf
winter wheat S3, compared with 78. _as re
ported from Washington. Although advices
from Indiana, Michigan and Ohio were In
sistent resardlxur the seriousness of crop darn
age In those States the traders seemed dU
inclined to pay heed. An Impression appeared
fixed that prevailing prices more than dis
counted any damage to the crop as a whoie.
There was little other news of a character
to encourage the bulls and In consequence long
wheat continued to come out during the entire
day. From 87>4c July gradually declined to
£6Hc The close was weak, with July at
&C«»©S6i±c. May sold between »2c and JC&c
and closed at 02 He
Cold weather throughout the West caused
a fair demand for corn at - the opening and
In consequence the market was comparatively
firm considering the easier tone in wheat. But
sentiment soon changed and prices started
downward. Considerable July corn was for
eale and it came out in such volume as to
suggest liquidation of some heavy holders.
There w as also selling for short account, In
spired by predictions of more favorable weather
for planting. The market showed no recuper
ative powers, -ruling weak the remainder of
the day. After opening He to Uc higher to
50Hc to '50Uc, July sold between 49%c and
fcftiic and closed at 49?;c. May closed at
G13ic.
Oats withstood the weakness of other grains
for a time, but In the end succumbed to per
sistent selling by some of the heavy longs.
The market was Quite firm early, due to un
favorable weather conditions and strength In
cash oats. As the session advanced weakness
developed and the close was near the bottom.
July opened a shade to HJUc higher, at
3-SHc to 3S'.ic. sold between 37Hc and 3SV4c
acd closed at 37>4c.
Provisions were weak from the start under
the Influence of moderate selling by commis
sion houses and pit traders. Weakness 111
grains and lower prices for hogs were the
main causes of the liquidation. The market
closed at the low point, with July pork down
17Vic. lard off 10c and ribs 7H@10c lower.
Tii" leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ' Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
May P2V, flS-i P2 J>2H
July (old) Sx?8 SS'i *7*i S7«i
July (new) S7 *7»i S6«fc RBtfc
Sept (old) S6 a i R4 82*4 K%
Sept (new) S2!4 S2", Sl&j fcl'H
Corn No. 2 —
Future Grain and Provisions.
I i
Chicago Board of Trade. |
NEW TORK. April 16.— Exports of specie
from New York for the week were $547,0.15 in
eilver and $1,571,825 In gold. Imports of spe
cie at New York during the week were $21,431
gold and $3080 silver.
Exports and Imports.
t New York Cotton Market.
-f NEW TORK. April 1C— Tbe cotton market
I closed steady. S points lower to 1 point higher.
SAN FRANCISCO. April 16—6 p. ttt.
The following ar* the seasonal rainfalls to
Aate as compared with these of the earn* date
last eeaaon acd rainfalls in the last twraty
fcur hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Rureka 0.24 &8.73 49.66
Red Blu2 0.1O 26.29 23.11
Sacramento O.«2 15.82 16.60
Fan Francisco 0.12 19. 86 18. 2S
FT»sno -O.OO 6.CS 3.2S
Independence 0.00 2.M 2. IS
Ran Luis Obispo.. O.OO 14.00 17.71
Los Ar.geles 0.00 7.73 18.33
fcan Dlero 0.00 4. u» 11.01
< 120th MeriClan— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Everything under this head continues slug
gish both here .and in the East, and prices
show.no change. . •
FRUITS — Apricots, 8'£@10~>ic'for Royals end
9ffl2c for Mocrparks: Evaporated Apples. 4H«J
Cc; sun-dried. 3fi4Hc; -Peaches, 5i.5«J7"4e:
Tears. SWll'fc; Nectarines, nominal; Figs,
white. 304c la boxes; -. black, 4 Vic; Plums,
pitted. 6ij7"4c per Ib. ¦ . : .
PRUNES — 1003 crop, 2>i@2"4c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing prices: Standard grades, 50-lb cases — 2
crown Loose Muscatels, 5*4c p»r Ib:
C-crown, 5%c; 4-crown, 6"4c: Seedless Loose
Muscatels. 4>4c: Seedless Coated, 4%c; 2-croivn
Malaga loose. Be; 3-crown Malaga loose, 6%c:
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, 4',:.c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached, 3Vic Layers, per 20
lb box — 6-crown ImDerial cluster's, $3; 5-crown
Dehesa' clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters.
$2; 3-crown London Layers, $i 35;. 2-crown
London Layers. $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes aijd layers.. Seeded — Fancy 16-oz
cartons, per Ib, r 7"fic; fancy 12-oz cartons, per
package,- 6%c; fancy bulk cartons, per Ib. 7t4c:
choice l«-oz cartons, prr Ib. 7»ic: choice 12-oz
cartons, per package. 0>«c; choice bulk car
tons, oer Ib,' 7 Vic; 16-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings, Muscatels, per Ib. 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per Ib, .*>*ic; bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per Ib, 6%c.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. l;!4§14c;
No. 2. ll"i®12c; No. 1 hardshell, 13®13"4c;
No. 2. ll&ll He: Almonds, 1114c for Nonpa
reils. 11 %c for I X L. lie for Ne Plus Ultra
and 3Hc for- Languedoc; Peanuts, 6#7c for
Eastern: Pecans. 11013c: Cocoanuts. $4 60£5.
HONEY— Comb. . 10611^0 for white and 8H
@tH4c for amber; water white extracted, 69
5V4c: light amber extracted. -^@*?ic; dark.
3'.4@4c.
BEESWAX— 27629c per Ib.
Dried Fruits,Nu is, Raisins, Honey.
The stockholders of the Oroville
Gold Dredjring- and Exploration Com
pany, who have been fighting bitterly
in the local courts for control of that
property, held their annual meeting
at the offices of the corporation in the
Crocker - building yesterday. John
Hays Hammond. Ernest A.. Wiltsee
and their financial associates in New-
York and Chicago, who -were ad
versed last "week by Judge Sloss in
an attempt to enjoin F. W. Bradley.
Charles Crocker and others from vot
ing 40,000 shares of stock, which it
was claimed the latter were wrong
fully holding, were represented at the
meeting by J. E. Doollttle and Attor
ney. Jesse Lillenthal. The opposing
faction was also represented by legal
advisers, under whose direction the
meeting progressed. Bradley presided
and was kept bu3y listening to formal
protests .to every move made by the
majority of the stockholders, who
¦were represented mainly by proxies
held by the president It was evi
dent that the Hammond faction in the
company will not rest on the ruling
made by Judge Sloss and that Attor
ney . Lilienthal's frequent protests on
behalf of his clients was a, preliminary
move to a civil action which the latter
have threatened to bring to overcome
the barrier placed before them by the
recent decision. At the election of of
ficers Bradley was re-elected president
of the company and two of his busi
ness associaTes, G. W. Goodwin and
Alexander Granger, were chosen as
directors. The minority secured two
places on the board, naming as their
choice Doolittle and Lillenthal. John
Hays Hammond and a party of cap
italists Interested in the company are
expected in this city in a few weeks
and. will, so it is reported, proceed to
court in" another attempt to remove
Bradley and his followers from con
trol of the mining property. -
Hammond and Bradley Factions Have
Discordant Time at Orovillc Dredg
ing Company's Election.
Copper — Quiet. Lake, $13 25@>13 62*4; elec
trolytic. $13 12"4©13 25; casting. $12 S7M9
131214.
Tin— Quiet and steady. Spot, $27S7>4@
$28 ».
Spelter— Spot, $5 25©5 30.
Lead— Spot. J4 C0@4 (55.
Iron — Nominally unchanged.
NEW YORK, April 16.— A fair amount of
business was placed in the various metals to
day and the undertone In all cases ruled
steady.
New York Metal Market.
Local "sar.k clearings fcr the week Ju§t enfled
were JC!> "-t4 "7". against $o0.70S.S9S for the
usf week last year, showing a decrease of
S2.ltl.S28. The clearings during the corre
sponding week cf 19C2 were $28,008,704.
Bank Clearings.
MIXE OWNERS CLASH
v ¦ AT AXXUAIi MEETING
FUTURES. f
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
May — No salci.
December — No sales; $1 00*i bid.
OATS — The market seems to be in a rut from
which it never varies. The usual local jobbing
demand keeps the moderate receipts well
cleaned up, and there is nothing In the situa
tion to change quotations one way or the other.
White $1 27>4@1 37*4: Black.. $1 2331 30:
Red. $l'2531 35; Gray. $1 32U@1 37*i per ctl.
CORN — Receipts of domesyc are slowly In
creasing, but they are not -targe and the mar
ket easily absorbs them. Quotations continue
as before.
Western sacked. $1 S5@l 40 for Yellow.
$1 324<31 40 for White and . $1 30S1 :;*> for
Mixed; California large yellow. $1 3581 42*4:
small round do. $1 tOfel 65; White. U 40@l 45
per ctl; Egyptian. $1 40Q1 50 for white and
$1 27»-igl 30 for brown.
RYK— SI 3061 32V4 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT — $1 75§2 per ctl. -
Feed. $1 12>44fl 16; Shipping and Brewing,
$1 17»4ei 20; Chevalier. $1 1531 20 for fair
to choice.
CASH BARLEY.
California Club, $1 37}i«n 42*4: California
White Australian, $1 i.^igl 57^: Northern
Club, ?l 35© 1 40; Northern Bluestem, $1 47H l g'
1 05 per ctU
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
. • Open. High. Low. Close.
May— No sales; $1 33'.4 bid. . I
December ...$1 32% *1 33»4 $1 3254 1 $1 33Vi
BARLEY— The week closed quietly, with
small trading, light offerings and quotations
unchanged.
The steamer Korea took out for Japan 31,
462 ctls. valued at $35,400.
CASH WHEAT.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were easier.
Chicago was He lower on the day an"d advices
from there to Mitchell. Mulcahy & Co. said:
"With all the bad reports from Indiana and
Ohio and late seeding talk from the Northwest,'
the market acts w«ik. Advices from the South
west are less bullish and many reliable reports
speak of better rrospects for Kansas and Okla
homa."
The Kansas State report gives Wheat a con
dition of 83, aeainst 97.8 in 1903. with the
weather conditions improving and the crop in
fair condition In the majority of counties.
Quotations in this market remained about as
before and the week closed quietly.
Wheat and Other Grains.
ACarcs Con 25! Little Chief 06
Alice SOlOntario * 25
Breece lllOphir 4 75
Bruns Con 03 [Phoenix 10
Com Tunnel C0 ! Poto»i 21
Con Cal & Va.. 1 SSiSavage 41
Horn Silver 1 25; Sierra Nev 20
Iron Silver 1 £5' Small Hopes .... IS
Leadvllle Con ... C2!Stan<iard 2 CO
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
U S ref 2a reg..lO3*« L 61 N unified 4«. 89H
Do coupon 105** Man con gold 4.3..102H
Do 3s reg UK* U» Cent 4s e6>-,
Do coupon 107 j Do let inc 13
Do new 4s reg. 132 K , Minn & St L 4s.. U3H
Do coupon 133Vi!M. K & T 4s 89?i
Do old 4s reg.-107«ii Do 2ds 58
Do coupon 107*» 1NR of Mex con 4s 72*4
Atch gen 4s V3\ !N Y C gen 3H».- 9!s» 1 ,
Do adj 4s 91 IN J C gen fis 129H
Atlantic C L 4s. SS^iNor Pacific 4S...103H
Bal & Ohio 4s...lOO»-j Do Cs 72%
Do 31JS 94VitNor & W con 4s. 97*4
Central of Ga Ss.109 ICSL 4s & panic. U5
Do* 1st Inc "OVi'Pa conv SH"---- 97
Ches & Ohio 4H«-1O2»* I Reading gen 4s... 97>i
Chi & Alton IMS. 76HISL & I M con &S.113
C B i Q new 4s. 94 S L & B F f g 4s. 83
CM & RP gn 4s.lOS«ilSt Louis SW lsts. 06
C & NW con 7s.l29"-<,i Seaboard A L 4s. CS'4
C. R I & Pac 4s. 71 '.4: 80 Pacific 4s S3*4
Do col 5s 80 So Railway 5a ...113S
C.CC & SLgn 4s.l00?i Tex & Pac m.»..U7»i
Chi Term 4s 80 |T. St L & XV 4s. »S9Vs
Cons Tobacco 4s. 68 1 Union Pacific 4s.. 104
Colo & So 4* M"*| Do conv 4s 934
C F & 1 conv 6s. 724! U S Steel 2d 5s.. 7S"£
Den & Rio G 4s. IHs '4 1 Wabash lsts 117 "4
Erie prior lien 4s. OSSt Do deb B «2H
Do ren 4s P6HjW A. L Erie 4s... S9
F W A D C lsts.lOSVi! Wis Cent 4s b3»*
Hock Val 4H«--106 I
Common, bid 4^*. asked 4«4: preferred, bid
S5i*. asked 3Z%.
NEW TORK BONDS.
Union Padfio «.000 88H 85^ 85 J4
Union Pacific pfd WH
Wabash 400 19H 18Ji 1SS
Wabash pfd 4.400 83*4 88*.* SS%
Wheeling * L Erie !¦
Wisconsin Ontral. 200 1S*4 18Vi 1SU
Wis Cent rfd 40?i
Express Companies —
Adams ~*
American I0 5
United SUtes 107
Wells-Fargo 203
Mlscelianeocs —
Amal Copper 2,«00 S3T4 89«, S9'i
AtnerC&F 200 19*, 1»l» 19H
Amer C & F pfd.. 100 72 72 .1
Amer Cot Oil .... 100 29»; 23% 29«.i
Am Cot Oil pfd SS ,
American lee 100 6 6 5H
Axaer Ice r>fd 2i»4
Atner Lin Oil 0V1
Ara Lin Oil pfd j»
Amer Locomotive -J
Am Jjoco pfd 51
Am Smelt & Ref.. 400 4S»i 4»H 4.T^
Ataer S & F pfd.. 100 83*i 92S »2*»
Amer Suear Ref ... 100 127^ 127>4 1271,
Abikki Min Co j* ;
Brook Rap Trans.. 2,800 46=4 4« l i 46U
Cclo Fuel & Iron.. 100 S2V, 32H
Consolidated Gas.. 18,300 206^ 203*i 205» 4
Corn Product* " J»
Corn Prod nfd i»S
Distil Secur 22 1 *
General Eleo 200 164'^ 164 164
Interrat Pai>er 11
Inter Paper pfd f«
Inter Pump 2j*H
Inter Pump pfd •*;
National Lead .... 1,000 IS 17% l-H
North American '
Pacific Mall -"
People's Gas 100 P6% W»; M*i
Pressed Steel Car. 100 2»>i 29Vi 29
Press St Car pfd 70H
Pull Pal Car z - : •;¦• 203
Republic Steel ... 200 . ',, «^4 «J4
Repub €t pfd 8a U
Rubber Goods .... 1.100 1« 154 15^
Rubber Gooda pfd. 70>> T6H J6H 76
Ten Coal & Iroa.. 100 £3i* 39>* 38»*
r S Leather S.400 7S LJH 7J»
D S Leather pfd.. 800 Srt 7BH «9J,
t* 8 Realtv 100 6*i 6H. 6^
V 8 Realty Pfd... 000 54*4 54»% MS
t: 8 Rubber ••• •;•• J;J«
V S Rubber pf &... 300 07*4 6. Ji 5.H
U S Etecl 2.900 IIS 11 U 1JH
I' S steel pfd .... 5.P00 60^ 60S «G^
WesUng Eleo !•••>
¦Western Union . . » 3 T»
Total sales 94,600 shares. *
UNITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW TORK. April 16.— Bond transactions of
tn# United- Railroads of Ban Francisco were
$15,000 at $77 £5.
AMERICAN CAN COMPANY.
The cargo of the Korea, wtolch sailed yes
tertay for the Orient, was very valuable. «x
ceecUag S600.000. Japan was heavily repre
sented on the manifests, aa over 1500,000 of
the total was consigned to her ports. Amcng
fcer Invoices were 123 packages electrio street
railway equipment, valued at $43,507: S074
cteel rails Kt $2»J.000 and S1.432 cental* Bar
ley at SS5.400.
'A Valuable Cargo.
NEW YORK, April 16. — The statement of
averages of the clearing-house banks of this
city fcr the week shows: Loans $1,043,254,100.
Increase $4,721,100; deposits $1,097,118,400, In
crease $11.6O5.OUO; legal tender* S72.83S.20O,
Increase $1,045,000; specie $228,746,000, In
crease $5,644,600; reserve. $3O1.6S4.20O. In
crease $7.2S9.60O; reserve required f274,279,C0O.
Increase $2,901,400; surplus $27.304.C00, Increase
$4,S%S,200: ex-United States deposits $41.352,32.">,
Increase S4,4G5,775; circulation, $35,314,200, de
crease $3CS.O0O.
'Associated Banks' Statement.
Exchange and Buliion.
The Korea took out for Hongkong a treasure
list of $4235, consisting of $700 in gold coin
and $3535 In Mexican dollars.
Sliver was Me higher. Exchange remained
the same. . . • ¦ -
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $4 85»4
Sterling Exchange, eight.. — 4 88%
Sterling Exchange, cables _ 4 89^4
New York Exchange, sight — 12H
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 16
Silver, per ounce — 634
Mexican Dollars, nominal — . 431^
LOCAL MARKETS.
•CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 50@
2 for fancy. ' $131 50 "for choice and 50c#Sl
for - standard: -Tangerines, nominal: Lemons,
S2 50®3 for fancy, $1 5091 '75 'for choice and
Sl&l 25 for. standard; Grape Fruit. $1©2; Mex
ican ¦ Limes. $4 M>s?5 per case; Bananas. $1 25
92 25 per bunch for Hawaiian - and — — for
Central American; Pineapples, S2&3 per dozen.
Receipts of Strawberries consisted of 7 cheats
from Palo Alto, about 16 chests from Watson
ville and. 2 crates from Los Angeles. The Los
Angeles berries were poor and sold • slowly at
124015c per basket, while . the others met
with prompt .sale at the prices quoted below.
Two drawers of Raspberries - from Watsonville
were held- at $1 per drawer, but they ¦ had not
been sold u;> to a. late hour. .
. Stocks of Orange." were heavy and consisted
chiefly of poor quality fruit, which had a de
pressing, effect upon the. sale of good -stock,
which was firmly, held at comparatively high
prices. '.Trade was quiet, aa the threatening
weather discouraged' local y buyers,, and there
was very, little doing. in the shipping line. Lem
ons continued firm.' with choice and. fansy
stock In limited supply. The other Citrus
fruits stood as previously' quoted. Bananas
were pretty well cleaned up and. better prices
were obtained for what little stock 'was offer
ing. Trashy Apples are about cleaned up and
there .Is, j very little fresh stock of any kind
being received. , Offerings consist almost en
tirely of cold -.storage stock, which Is held firm
at high prices. - .
STRAWBERRIES— 75c£*l 10 for Long
worths, and 40^65c per drawer for the larger
varieties. ¦
• APPLES— $lg2 25 per box.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
SEATTLE. April 16. — Clearings. $571,156;
balances. $136,716. I
TACOMA, April 16. — CTearings, • $264,284;
balances. $45,270.-
PORTLAND. April 16. — Clearings, $444,295;
balances. $5.1.750.
SPOKANE, April 16. — Clearings. $363,530:
balances, $65,332.
Northern Business.
Alaska PA. — 143%!OceanIc 8 Co. 4 4$,
Cal V C A. — — }Pac Aux FA. 6'J —
Cal Wine A. 92 92i4!Pac C Borx. — 17«
MV& MtTro.100 — i .: .. :
Morning Session.
Board — . . -
1 100 Cal Fruit Canners 1 Assn 100 00
40 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 48 00
205 Mutual Electric Light 12 SO
10 S F Gai & Electric «J2 37%
Street —
125 Oceanic S S'Co.... 4 00
1 $2,000 S F & S J V 5 per cent... 116 50
i $10,000 Los Ang Lighting gtd 5* 103 25
I $12,000 Oakland Transit 5 per cent 112 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange
Oil Stocks— - -Bid. Asked.
Apollo " 44
Associated Trust Cert........ 19 20
Altec ,.\ .-- "5
Caribou.... 3 75 4 00
Central Point Con 65 1 75 '
Chicago Crude 2rt 21
' Claremont 63 -. 65
', Epperanza 125 - . . . .
Four P5 • 60
Fulton 100 3 50
Giant. 1« 20
Hanford 176 t>0 179 00
Home 155 1 €0
Imperial 14 00 17 60
Independence ' 21 sjgj
Kern 5 OO 5 12fi
Kern River 10 00 12 00
Uon 01 ....
"Monarch of Arixona 40
Monte Criato . .' . 75 80
Occidental of W Va 10 11
Oil City Petroleum '. . 41 , , . . : ~. .
! Pef rle.«s 14 00
Pittsburg 15 2l»
Reed Crude 1 25 ¦ ....
Senator «4 67
Sovereign *. 42 43
Sterling 2 40. ....
Thirty-three 8 «>
Tv.entY-elght 6 12^4 • 6 50 .
West Shore 2 GO ...'.
Associated Bonds ¦ ••'•• «9
Miscellaneous — • . '
Abby Land & Improvement. . 1 35 - I 50
Northern Cal Power ...... 10 .5 . 11 00
Morning Session.
1 7000 Independence 22
2tO Monarch '. ......... . . ..".... . . . 40
200 Twenty-eight Oil .......:. ...6 25
1 Hanford '.. ...l«9 0O
I 700 Monte Cnsto « • ¥t
SATURDAY. April 16—12 . m.
- ;: -UNITED STATES BONDS..
Bid. A«k. ' Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup.. 107*; 108% 4s qr cp new.133 133»i
4s qr reg...l07%10S& 3s qr reg...lCK>TilO7H
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — - IO T Co Cs.ll9U —
Bay CPC Si.lOOVi — I Do 5s 112 — .
Cal C G 5s. — 105 | Do con 5s. — —
Cal G & E g -Oceanic S 5s. — 76
m & ct 5e. 79 — Om Cable 6s. — 124 !4
Cal-st C 69.11C«ill7&!Pac G Im 4s 95«i
C C Wat 53.100 — |P E Ry 5s. 104^105
Ed L & P Cs — 130 IP i C H 6s.l0t» t —
K & C H 6». — 11&1-4 P & O R 6S.116 —
Geary-*t 5s.. — . — |Powell-st 6a. — " 114
H C&S 5*48.100 — jSac EG*R5s. 09U100
Do 5s 9G^ 98 1 SF & 8JV5s.ll6 —
Hon R T fis.106 1 ,; — Plerra R .6«.11O —
L A Elec Ss. — 105 |S P of A 6s
L A Ry 5s. — 112 I (19OO> 107 —
L A L Co €s — — (1910) . 108 —
Do fftd 6». — — S P of C Cs
. Do gtd r.s.103',4 — (l»0O)Sr A.101% —
LAP lem Cs. 09 — O905)Sr B.1C2U —
Mkt-st C Cs. — HOVi O90G) — 105
Do lem . r >s.U3S — . (1912) — 115?»
MVt MtT5s.lO* — SPC 1 eg 6s. — 119%
NRR of C6s.lO7?j — Do stmpd..lO9J4 —
Do 5s — 116% S P B R Cs. — 152%
N P C R 5S.105 — S V Wat Cs.IC4»,105
N C Ry 53.1C9 — Do 4s 2dm. ICOU
N C P C r.s. 99 102 Do 4s J5dm. — 100
N S R R 5s. — 100%!Stkn G*E6f. — M
O G L&H Ss.106 — I U G & E 5s. — 105
O W gtd 5s. — ' — I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35Vi 39 (Port Costa:.. — —
Marln Co... — 62Vi!S V Wat Co. 3»*i 39%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. -3H — |S F O'A E. 62 62%
Mutual E L. 12?b 12?i|Stkn O ft E. 5 —
Pec L Co.. 56 — |U G & E Co. — 33
¦ s ' f INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd. — 340 I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk. — 122^4 L P & A.... 152^4 —
Anglo-Cal .. 85 87 Mer Trust.... — 220
Bank of Cal.425% — Merch Ex....— —
Cal Safe Dp.145 150 | S. F. Nation. — 155
First Natlonl — — I •
SAVINGS BANKS. . _ •
Ger S *; L.22C0 2C50 ISav A L So. — 100
Hum SAL. — — I Sec Sav Bk. — 450
Mutual Sav. 100 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.C25 — I • - • '
-. • ¦ • STREET RAILROADS. *
CallfornU... — 200 | Presidio ."....— 41
Geary — SO I - .f = • ' . •
• POWDER.
Giant ...... «1 61%lVigorit ..7.. — 4T4
5LGAR.
Hana P Co. — 25c Kilauea S C. 3Ti 5
Hawaiian C. 47 ?i — Makaweli C. 21 —
Honokaa S C — 12?i Onomea S C. — 27^
Hutch SPC 9% 10 Faauhau S C. 13 lZft
MISCELLANEOUS."
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
It was an average Saturday on the exchanges,
business being quiet, and beyond a further, ad
vance of several fractions In Gas and Electric
and Mutual Electric quotations remained about
as before. There was nothing new In the oil
and mining stocks. *
Sales on tho California -Exchange lasf week
were 56,755 shares, valued at S28.379, the lead-
Ing sales being as follows: Apollo, 3000 shares:
Associated Oil. 2489; Four. 2S0O; Home. ie0O:
Independence. S5.C00; Monte Cristo. 1500; Occi
dental. 1100; Oil City. 5050; Twenty-eight. 1300;
Claremont, 700; Monarch. 600.
The Gould & Curry MJning Company has
levied an assessment of 10c. delinquent May 19.
Joseph D. Grant has be»n elected a director
of ' the Security Savings Bank, to succeed his
father, the late Adam Grant.
The output of the Ophir mine last week
amounted to 227 mining carloads of ore, assay
ing S90 per ton. The previous week's yield was
230 carloads, assaying S73 29 per ton. The large
Increase In the assays last week was due to
very 'rich ore having been encountered ' In the
etopes above the 1800 level.
The yield of the Consolidated California and
Virginia mine last week amounted to 51 min
ing carloads of ore, assaying $16 41 per ton.
South Eureka Oil has levied an assessment
of 2c, or f 6C00, delinquent May 4.
Shares Close Quietly, With Little
Change in Prices.
STOCK MAKKET.
SATURDAY, April 16—13 m.
Bid.Aak.l Bld.Ajk.
Alpha ....... 1<> 111 Justice 02 03
Alta 08 C9,Kentuck 03 04
Andes ....... 31 3:t Key es Graea.. — 1 «¦
Belcher 37 38|Lady Wash .. — -.06
Best & Belch.2 00 2 C5| Mexican 2 05 2 10
Bullion ...... 1" IS Occidental ... 81 S3
Caledonia ... 82 M Ophlr 5 37V, 5 5ft
Challenge Con 27 30 Overman 40 42
Chollar .26 27|Potosi 23 2t
Confidence - - *•" '••11 Scorpion ..... 20 23
Con C A Va.1 65 X 70'Savage SO 51
Con Imperial. 02 KJfSeg Belcier ..15 17
Con N Y 03 OitSlerra Nev .. 67 6"
Crown Point. IS 20! Silver Hill ..53 tt>
East Sierra N 0« —ISt Louis :— 10
Eureka Con.. — 60[Syndlcate .».. . 04 C5
Exchequer .. S4 33 Union Con . . 9O 01
Gould A. Cur. 31 32 Utah 18 17
Hale & Norc. S« -87 Tellow Jacket. 23 29
Julia 10 11!
TONOPAH MINES.
Bld.Aak. . Bidt. Ask..
Colehan — 19 Kay * OBrien 10 13
Ecperanza ... — OH Rescue 09 CH
Gipsy Queen. — COITon Bilmont.. 53 &>
Gold Anchor. 12 — iTon &. Cal .. — 2i>
Gold M Con. 04 10 Von Exten . i 75 KS
Hannapah ..' 10 - — Ton Fraction.. — ZO
Hannapah M. 10 — Ton of Nev.. 3 73 10 00
Little Ton .. 2O 30 Ton N Star.. 3O 31
MacNamara . 15 — I Ton Midway.. 35 S7
Mont Ton.,1 37% 1 40lTon Superior.. — On
Paymaster ... — 6sj United Ton ..09 —
Ray Ton 10 13' West End .. — 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
1100 MacNamara . lfi| SCO Ton B*lmont.. 53
1000 Ton Belmont. 10 500 Ton Midway.. 3tf
- Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
20<r Caledonia-... 8t| 700 Scorpion ....'. 20
3C0 Chollar 23| 100 Sierra Nev .. 67
300 Con C-A V.I 07*4! 200 Union, Con .. Ul
1300 Con N Y .... 04| 100 Utafl 15
ST. LOUIS," April 16. — WOOL^-Steady. Me
dium grades. • combing and clothing.. 1Si522c;
light fine. 14$m!ic; heavy fine, 12®14Hc; tub
washed, 20@31c. - • ¦ ¦ . •
St. Louis Wool Market.
Local bank clearings faU off $2,140,000 last week.
Wall street stocks quiet and not victerially changed.
Local stocks and bonds devoid of feature.
Shipment of $4235 in specie to China. .
Japan takes azcay $500,000 worth of American products.
Silver siiptely higher. Exchange as before.
Shipment of 1500 tons of Barley to Japan.
Wheat and other grains quiet and unchanged.
Moderate demand for Beans for Texas.
j Hay continues weak. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Butter weak, Eggs very steady and Cheese dull
Nothing new in Dried Fruits and Raisins.
Provisions quiet and weak in ail positions. Cottolene lo'tOef:
Cattle, Sheep and Hogs unchanged.
Potatoes in light receipt and firm. Onions dull.
Poultry end Game well cleaned up and steady.
Oranges in heavy supply and steady. Lemons firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market con
tinues quiet and the general tone is easy.
Common, 4{f5Vic: prime, 6%©5?»c; choice,
6g6Uc; fancy.
PRUNES — Very slow and the market Is easy
with prices ranging frcm 3c to 5%c accord
ing to grade.
APRICOTS— Quiet. Choice. 9^@10c; extra
choice. 10V*©104c: fancy. 11613c.
PEACHES— Dull. Choice. 7*467^0; extra
choice. 7?i@8c; fancy. 9^©10c.
DRIED FRUITS,
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, 1903,
...6 otic; olds, V@Hc Pacific Coast. 1&03, 24@
olc. • ¦
HIDES — Steady. California, 21 to 23 pounds.
l»c; Texas dry. 24 to 30 pounds. 14c
WOOL— steady. Domestic fleece. 2S@32c
PETROLEUM— Easy. Refined Philadelphia
and Baltimore, f S 35.
COFFEE; — The market for coffee future's
closed firm at . a net advanoe or - 15 to 20
points. Sales, 30,750 bags, including: Spot
Rio, steady: No. 7 Rio, ?\ic; mild, steady;
Cordova. 10^130.
SUGAR — Raw. nominal: fair refining. 3 1-16
«T3i»c; centrifugal. 96 test, 3 9-16c; molasses
sugar. 2 13-16a2*ic. Refined, quiet;. No. 6.
4SOc: No. 7, 4.25c; No. 8. 4.20c; No. 9. 4.15c;
I No. 10. 4.10o; No. II. 4.05c; No. 13. 4c: No.
13. 8.95o; No. 14. 3.90c: confectioners' A. 4.55c;
mould A. 5.05c; cut loaf, 5.40c; crushed. 5.40c;
powdered. 4.80c; granulated, 4.70c; cubes,
4.95c May, «®«.05c: July. 6.30c: August,
6.45c; September, 6.55®6.60c; October, 6.00c;
December, 6.£5c. /
noalnal. f. o. b. afloat. OpUona opened stead
ier on the cold weather, but not meeting sup-
IK>rt aoon turned rather weak. .' A bearish
Kansas State rer>ort and prospects for rising
temperatures west also had an effect on
prices. The close was weak at >i'@*4c net
I decline.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Most . dealers i quoted Butter weak yesterday,
and some gave 13c as their top quotation, but
the general run of the trade still reported 19c,
though this figure was the top of the market.
Supplies were liberal' and i good deal of soft
Butter was still being received. -
Cheese remained dull and in large supply. •
Eggs were steadier, and some of the trade
were disposed to quote a slightly higher mar
ket, but the majority adhered to previous quo
tations. Receipts were more liberal; but stocks
on : the floors showed no Increase. , Storing of
the surplus is still going on.
Receipts - were 49,300 lbs Butter, 1545 cases
Eggs and 21.4CO. lbs Cheese.. ,'
* ¦ BUTTER— Creamery at .. first : hands, lS@19c
for extras and . 17®17^c for -firsts; dairy, 15®
17V$c; store Butter, 13@14c; cold storage, nom
inal. \- . ¦¦•- • :-i - ' '-. £&£?*¦
CHEESE— 8@9c '; for good to choice new
and 7©7H C tar lower grades; Young Americas,
9»4©10c; Eastern. 15@16c; Western. 14Jj15o
'eGGS— Ranch. 1SS19C for fair to choice;
store, 16017 Vic, per. dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr ska .. 15,5C8|Oroats. sks .... 235
Wheat, ctls .... 1,58CJ
Flour, qr ska .. ll,295]Chlcory.- hbls .. 25
Wheat, ctls 1.120 Hides.- Xo. 323
Barley, ctU 6,030<FeUs. No...... T35
Corn ctls ...%. 457| Leather, rolla .. 87
Beans, ikj .... 1, 4361 Wine - gals .... 69.950
Potatoes -ska 1,85» Quicksilver." flks. : 70
Onions, ska . .. 123 Lime, bbls 91
Hay tons - .... 4.*5 Paper, reams . .'. - 645
8traw, tona ... 10 Tallow, ctls ... 223
Wool, bales ... S28i8ugar. ctls 2.000
FOR SATURDAY. APRIL 1«.
Receipts of Produce.
Opening ......28 70 2S 00
Closing 4.. 28 70 27 00
wneat— ¦ ,May. July.
Opening ;.... 6 6«4 6 5'4
Closing ...... 6 5&j 6 5%
PARIS.
Wheat — t ' April. " Sept.-Dec.
Opening 22 45 20 65
Closing .'22 55 20 00
Flour — • ;¦ - " :/ ¦'.'' -¦
Foreign Futures.
small ; 3 Pigeons . $1 2531 50 ' per dozen for old
and SI 75i«."J 25 for Squabs.
GAME — Gray - Geese. S2 50fi3 - per dozen;
White Geese. 75c@$l ; Brant, S1©1 60; Honkers,
$3@4; English Snipe, $3Ji3 50; common Snipe,
$1 50(81 76; Rabbits, $1 25@2; Hare. $1©1 25.
| Miscellaneous Markets. |
boxes. BOc more: BO-Ib bags, 10c more for. all
kinds. Tablets— Hal? barrels.. 5.80c; ' boxes.
6.15c; H. & K. Crystal Domlnos, 8.40c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar*
rels. or. Its equivalent. . - -. ¦_ "
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL', SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1901.
CHICAGO.* April 16.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the. butter market was steady.
Creameries, 14@C3c; dairies 12V&921c. Ekrs,
steady at mark. cas«s - included. 10 ugie *i c
Cheese, weak, 9$10ttc
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
SEWTORK. April 16.— FLOUR— Receipts.
21.188. Dull and barely steady. Minnesota
patent*. $5 ir>35 40; Minnesota bakers, $4 io
Si 35; winter patents, $5 20©5 50; winter
Ftralghts, f4 95®5 15: winter extras, $3 35a
4 00; winter low grades, $3 1J©3 £0.
WHEAT- Reoelpts. 18.000; export*. 8200;
spot, quiet. Xo. 2 red. XI 05. nominal, ele
vator; No. 2 red. SI O6C1 ©9. nominal, f . ©. b.
afloat. No. 1 Northern Zhiluth. SI 00 T », nom
inal, f. o. b. afloat: No. 1 hard Manitoba,
New York Grain vnd Produce.
The third car : of Western Poultry for the
week came In and was turned over to' a lead
ing .-etaller oy the Importers.- Receipts In the
wholesale market were very* light and. all de
scriptions , except old , Gee«e ; were Crm at I un
changed rates." The > market was bare ¦ at the
close Game was in light receipt and good,
sound lots ' met l with prompt sale a t steady
prices. •¦-¦•-.. :'••¦¦ •-.- : : - ¦¦> "•¦'¦'-' ¦¦ ¦- ¦ ••¦.-.'-¦:¦¦..¦. ¦..:¦.
POULTRT— Live Turkeys, 16®18c per lb;
Geese per pair. $1 76©2 25; Goslings, $2(£2 B0;
Ducks 15 6006 50 per dozen for old and $t> 509
7 60 ; for ; young; , Hens, $7©S • for -' large and
*5 506* 50 for small: i young ' Roosters. $7©
8 50; old Roosters. . $596; . 'Fryers, - $600 50:
Broilers. S4»4 50 for large' aad $2 50(33 . for
Poultry and Game.
500 Alpha. Con -..-"11 300 Con N "TV....- 05
100 Andes .... }.. 33 100 Gould . & < Cur. 32
10O Belcher 38 700 Julia . r.*.. ... 11
200 Bullion -....". 18 .160 Ophlr ......8 37^
100 Caledonia ... S3 400 SaTaxe ....... 60
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
41
ADCTION SALES
SALE fc*
Of a lot of WELL- BROKEN HORSES. MON-
DAY, April 18. at 11 o'clock, at «15 EI1!« at.
. 8. WATKIN3. AucUoaeer.
*V^ AUCTIOX SALE, TUESDAY, April 13.
VCTO 11 a. m.. at 1140 Folsom st.. of 1 large
black horse. 1 fast pacer. 3O head of ALL
PURPOSE HORSES and all kinds of was an-,
buggies, surrles. carts and harness. WM.
CLOUGH. Auctioneer. «
COLONEL LALA'S SPECIAL
DEvTIi. "
Weird, P^asclnatlnc : * Xew
Bit of Philippine
; '"fiction by
Albert Sonnichsen.
NEXT SUNT>AT CAI Jj.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1904.
42
nEt-L ESTATE CITY FOR SAL1S.
G. U. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 MONTGOMERY ET.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION ft - ;
By order of the board of directors of the
Savings and Loan Society. 101 Montgomery
ft., we will offer the following list Of properties
at our salesroom Monday. April 18. at 12 o'clock
noon: terms. 1-8 cash, balance can remain on
mortgage: 'r-.*--
• No. Tu •
ALAMEDA RESIDENCE.
1404 Paclfle ave.. SE. cor. of Morton st.:. im-
provements consist of residence of 8 rooms,
bath, leur.drv, In *°<xl order and rented low at
$24 per month; tenant paying water; lot luOx
US.
No. 2.
ALAMEDA COTTAGE.
1252 Broadway, east line, near Enclnal ave. ;
!mpro\-ements consist of a cottage of 8 rooms,
bath and laundry, in good order and rented for
$20 per msnth, tenant paying water; lot 60x140.
CITY REALTY. .V- "
No. 3.
NW. ccr. Douglass and Seward at*., bet. 19th
and 20th; lot 100x113. In subdivisions.
No- 4.
DUrnoml st.. east line. bet. 20th and 21st sts.;
building lot, 25x123.
No. 5.
25th st.. aouth line, bet Diamond and
Douglass ets.; 3 building lots. 26:8x114 each.
No. 6.
NW. cor. of 25th and Douglass sts., 85x125,
In aubdlvibloas.
No. 7.
SW. cor. 2Cth and Castro sts.: 2 building
lots, 23x114 each.
No. S. ; '
21st rt.. north line. bet. Bsnch«« and .Not
st». : 2 building lota, 22x114 each.
No. 9.
NE. cor. Monteruma and Coso ave.: lot.
12*)x70. In subdivisions; 3 frontages.
No. 10.
NE. cor. Sanchez and Palmer ets.. building
lot. 24x102. ln«gulsr %
NE. ccr. 21st and* Colltagwood ets.. 125x410.
in subdivisions. ,
For catalogue and further particulars, appl>
to Q. II. UilSSKN A CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
G II. UMBSEN A CO. 20 Montgomery st.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
Of residence. Investment and unimproved
properties will be held at our falesroom, Mon-
day. April 23 1004. at 12 o'clock noon.
REFEREE SALE.
The three following properties must be sold.
No increased bid can be offered in court after
thie sale:
No. 1. !
339 Capr «t.. cast line, near 18th; a good 2-
story residence of 9 rooms and bath; rent $35
per month; lot 3Uxl22:U.
No. 2.
Coso, Precita and Bernal aves.; large hold-
lag; 160x240; 3 frontages.
No. 3.
ALAMEDA COUNTY RANCH.
The following ranch, located 4 miles north-
east of Llvermore, consists of 3S5 acres, being
portion of cecUons 3 and 4, Township 3 South.
Range 3 East. M. D. B. & M.; also the right
of way 25 feet wide over the road as at pres-
ent traveled from the northerly line of the
above described property to -the county road
near echoolhouse on the northerly portion of
cald section. .
CHOICE ELLIS-ST. FLATS.
1310 Ellis st.. north line, near Laguna: 2
modern flats of 6-7 rooms and bath each, with
high basement, which could readily be con-
verted Into another flat; present rents $60 per
month; lot 25x120: 2 frontages; bank mort-
gage $5000 at 6 per cent can remain.
TAYLOR- ST. FLATS.
1120-22 Taylor ct.. east line, near Sacra-
mento; 2 modern flats of C-7 rooms and bath
each; rents $75 per month; lot 22:»xS0; these
flats are nicely located, being only 1 block
from the new Fairmont Hotel.
PLEASANT-ST. FLATS.
79-81 Pleasant St., between Taylor and
Jones, Sacramento and Clay: 2 desirable flats
of C-7 rooms and bath each; rented low at
»3S per month; lot 23:0x00.
FOLBOM-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
1213-17 Folsrm el, near 8th; 2 stores and
flats of « rooms and bath; rented low at $'0
per month; lot 23x00.
CHOICE UN ION -FT. RESIDENCE.
2237 Union St.. near FlUmore: a newly built
colonial residence of 10 rooms and bath, hand-
somely nnlstacd In hardwood, reception hall,
etc.; 22x137 :6.
WALLER- ST. FLATS.
717-19 Waller *t.. near Scott; 2 flats of 5-6
rooms and bath each; rented lew at $38 per
month: lot 30x110; nicely located and com-
manding a vtew.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
303-3*4 Dfvlsadero St.. near Page; 2 flats of
C rooms each; at a small outlay the lower flat
could be converted Into a store, making thla
a desirable holding: lot 25x107:6.
MISSION COTTAGE.
2CT.0 Harrison tt.. near *!2d; cottage of 6
roorr> and bath; rent $20 per month; large lot,
50x122 :«. v
MISSION BUSINESS CORNER.
NW. corner of Jersey and Vicksburg ets..
between 24th and 25th. Church and Sanchez;
| «tore. 2 rooms und flat of 5 rooms and bath;
¦ rented !ow at $20 per month: lot 25x100.
For catalogue and further particulars apply
; at our office.
; G. II. UMBSHN & CO..
20 MONTGOMERY ST.
G. H. UMESEN & CO..
Real Estate and Auctioneers.
GRAND AUCTION SALE
AND EXCURSION.
SAN MATEO HEIGHTS.
Pan Mateo. Cal.
TRE CREAM OF SAN MATEO PROPERTY.
SATURDAY. APRIL 30. 1004.
at 1:30 p. m., on the Premises,
150 LARGE LOTS 150 LARGE LOTS
THE MOST IMPORTANT AUCTION SALE
OF THE SEASON OF VACANT
PROPERTY IN SAN
MATED.
This Is beyond question the most desirable
because of Ita accessibility, natural ¦ beauty
and Furroundlngs. In addition to this every
lot has water piped to it and eewer conrif-c-
tlone. A* the land is high the natural drain-
age 1s o«?rfect.
The ELECTRIC CARS run through the
center of the property on San Mateo drive.
It Is equally accessible from either San
Mateo or Burlingame R. R. stattons. When
these lots are sold there will never again
be an opportunity to purchase anything tn
Fan Mateo as desirable or at men prices.
There Is a constant and Increasing demand
for ret-ldence property all down the peninsula
as far as San Jose. When the Southern Pa-
clflc have finished their cut-off <now build-
ing). San Mat'-o will be but 14 miles from
San Francisco, and the rapidly Increasing
population will be effective in procuring fast-
er and more frequent train and trolley ser-
vice, which even now la wonderfully good.
Lrave the noise, dirt and confusion of th«;
city behind and receive In exchange fresh
sir, brighter sunshine and the delight and
freedom of the country.
We shall also offer for sale to the highest
blddar
THREE 5-ROOM COTTAGES. WITH BATH
AND CELLARS.
THREE C-ROOM COTTACfCS. WITH BATH
AND CELLARS.
Now Building, to be Completed by May 1.
TERMS — One-quarter cash, balance 1. 2
and 3 years, with interest at 5 per cent, pay-
able eemi-annually. Ten per cent to-be paid
at time of purchase to be allowed on the
quarter pr firet payment. An abstract of title
furnished eacb buyer.
A SPECIAL FIRST-CLASS EXCURSION
TRAIN will leave Third and Townsend sts.
at 11 o'clock a. m..
SATURDAY. APRIL 30. 1&04.
50 Cents— ROUND- TRIP TICKET— 30 Cents
Returning, leaves San Mtiteo at 6 o'clock
p. m. Tickets good on all trains stopping at
San Mateo during afternoon and evening.
Lunch will be served on the grounds.
Excursion train will not stop at Valencia
street.
EXCURSION TICKETS can be had at the
office of the Southern Pacific Company under
the Crar.d Hotel on and after April 25. nnd
at depot. Third and TownsencJ streets, up to
time of deoarture of train— II a. m.
For maps and general information inquire or
O. H. UMBSEN A CO
20 MONTGOMERY ST.,
San Francisco, Cal.
McAFEE BROTHl-RS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
10S Montgomery St.
Phone Main 78.
$?..VK>— Two modern fluta. 6 and 7 rooms; Clay
St.. near Baker; lot 25xl27:8"i ft.;
rents $75.
$7.500— Two modern fists. 5 and 0 rooms- near
Golden Gale Park; lot 28x100 ft.: rents
$C5.
$4.330 — Panhandle cottage. 7 rooms; lot 25x80
ft. : modern.
$T.OCO — Mission residence, 12 rooms- nesr
Guerrero St.. bet. l»th and 20th sts.- lot
Wxl)4 ft.; rents $40.
$30,000— Fine marine view residence; Valltjo
St.. near Octavla: lot 74:3xi:i7:(5 ft.; two-
story residence of 16 rooms; elegantly
finished in natural woods; grounds In
flne order: unobstructed marine view.
— Lot on Green at., near Octavla: size
29:8xl37;6 ft.
$1,600— Lot on Sixth ave., near Presidio wall:
size 25x120 It.
$1,100— Three cheap lots; Holly Park district-
size 25x100 ft each.
$3.200 — Two cheap lots in Presidio Heights;
Laurel ct.. near Sacramento. - • ¦* • .
$4,500 — Swell corner near Golden Gate Park.
ClxlOO feet; 3 frontages; commands
fine view.
Send for list of cheap lots in all parts of the
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
ELEGANT residence, 2427 Green St.. near
tscott; grand marine view; 10 rooms; en-
trances on two streets.
Lcbos *t.. Ocean View; 4-room cottage; lot
2*3x123; $900. $100 cash, balance $9 no month.
W. K. RUSSELL. 301 California St..
San Francisco, Cal.
$6*jrK> — bargains; two sold this week; only two
left; SS4 and 8S« Clayton st, east aide; ele-
gant, substantial homes; bouses open every
<*.sy. J. ETIERLEN, owner and builder., on
premises; Masonic-avenue cars to door.
REAL ESTATE— CITV~FOR SALE.
g. "h." uiFbsisn""* co..
20 Montgomery ft., city.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
$S2,000 — Valencla-ut. business property; one of
the best blocks: rents $2400 per annum;
lot 75x67:6; 4 stores and 4 flats.
$32,000— Price reduced to make a quick sale;
rented low at $25S0 per annum; 3 ele-
6ant. new, very sunny modern Cats of
J> rooms and bath each; large corner let,
two prominent streets In the Western
Addition. .
$25,000 — Rents $2400 per annum; business ccr-
ner on Halgbt St.; large lot.
$20,000— Rents $1906 80 per annum: 3 elegant
modern flats of S-8-7 rooms and . bath
each; 25xl22:G; elite neighborhood la
Western Addition.
$18,000 — Rents $1SOO per annum; 3 elegant
modern flats of 9-8-8 rooms and batb
each: -large lot, 27:6x112:6.
$lt>,000 — Rents $1530 per annum; marine view;
3 elegant new modern flats of 8 room!
and bath each; large lot, 32x123:9; In-
side of Larkin street.
$13,600 — Fol*om-st. business property: 2 front-
ages; rented very low at $1032 per an-
num; store and flats; lot 37:6x90.
Price reduced — Rents $1350 per annum; 9 ele-
gant new modern Park flats: east line
' .-. > of Masonic ave., adjoining Oak et.; very
light and sunny.
$12.000— Rents $1200 per annum; 2 elegant new
flats; FlUmore Bt. ; 8-7 rooms and bath
each; finished basement: 27:6x100..
$9,000— Rents $S52 per annum; Oak St.; 3
nice bay-window flats of 7-6-G rooms
and bath each; 25x137:6.
$8. 600— Rented low at $720 per annum; 2 flats
of 7-6 rooms and bath eacb; marine
view; Pacific Heights.
$S,000 — Rented very low at $840 per annum; 3
new flats' of 6-6-5 rooms and bath each;
25x105; Noe st.
17,500— Rented low at $CCO pr annum; Fill-
more ?t.; 2 nice bay-window flats; brick
foundations, etc.: 25x110.
$7,200 — Rents $660 per annum; Inside Invest-
ment: 2 flats; high basement can be con-
rated into a third flat: Bush st.
$6.750 — Oak st.; 2 flats of 6-5 rooms and bath
each; bay-windows; 25x87:0; a bargain.
$6,500 — Cozy park home; house of 8 rooms and
bath; 25x100.
$5,000 — Rented $4 SO per annum; near Valencia
and Market sts. ; 2 flats and lot 25x75.
$5,000 — Price reduced: a enap; Folsom St.;
house and 2 flats; rents $516 per an-
num ; 25x90.
$4,500 — Great opportunity; comfortable home
In Richmond, location near California;
2-story house of 6 rooms, tiled kitchen
and bath, with finished basement and
laundry: 25x120.
$4,500 — Rents $510 per annum; near 7th and
Howard Sts.: store and 3 flats; 25x75.
$1,200 — Price reduced; Fol»om st. : house of. 8
rooms and bath; brick foundations, etc.;
could be changed Into store and 2 flats
with e small outlay.
$'.000— Rents $420 per annum; near 6th and
Folsom sta.; store and 2 fiats; 25x75.'
$2,600 — Mission ' warm belt; cozy bay-window
cottage of 5 rooms and bath eachr brick
foundations; in perfect order; 27x114.
For further particulars of the above and for
the Real Estate Record, containing a list of
properties for sale In all ports of the city.
Inquire at our office.
O. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery it.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
DESIRABLE sunny j building lots; close to
Duboce Park; bltumlnlzed streets; lots level
and ready to build on; a rare chance to ob-
tain a holding admirably situated and close
to the city at a very reasonable price; dia-
gram, price and all further particulars at
our office.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO..
20 Montgomery at.
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers.
LYON A HOAG.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
Send for our printed list of property for salt
In all sections of the city.
THREE HANDSOME XEW HOMES.
Three distinct styles of architecture.
Three chances to be comfortably situated.
$75O0 to fbOOO— Duboce ave.. bet. Scott and
Devtsadero sts.. directly above pretty Duboce
Park; they contain large reception halls, 4 and
(i commodious and sunny bedrooms; latest sani-
tary plumbing; the first floors are finished in
selected woods: marble steps; hot-air furnaces;
In fact, they contain everything that goes to
make a complete home; rrand views; splendid
neighborhood; terms. $2000 cash, balance
monthly Installments; take Halght-et. cars to
Scott at., walk 2 blocks south to Duboce ave.;
s:ent on premises Sunday.
BEAUTIFUL NEW RESIDENCE.
$2000 cash, balance monthly installments;
an artistic home Just completed, on Frederick
at., eaxt of Cole, 2 blocks south of Halght 'st. :
; Knullch entrance; 10 sunny rooms; 4 mantels:
! the Interior Is handnomely finished in selected
¦ woods, a swell home offered at a moderate
price; only $7500; key lot; abundance of sun.
BARGAIN IN RICHMOND LOTS.
?300 to ?G00; 520 cash. $10 monthly: flne
level lots on car line; ready to build on; block
already well settled; lot commands flne view
of city and bay: well sheltered from winds.
MISSION FLATS.
?5750 — Two exceptionally well built flats of
5 and C rooms and bath each; high basement;
large lot; Ir.rlrie 18th st. and east of Howard.
INSIDE PROPERTY.
$47.500 — Fine large lot. 2 frontages; old Im-
provements; rent $125; will pay big Interest If
improved; not far from Market and Ma -on
sts. No. 4103.
J5000 — A bargain In flats on Castro st. : 2
flats, ."• and 0 r. and b. ; brick, foundation:
everything In fine shape; flne view of city;
rents $47 50.
FLATS NEAR PANHANDLE.
$8500— Rents $042; 3 new flat*. S rooms and
bath each; Central ave.: lot 27:6 front.
FLATS FRONTING PARK.
?S00rt — Two new flats of «1 and 7 rooms and
bath, faring Panhandle; fine sun and light:
lot 30x107:3: |e»s than cost.
NEW HOME NEAR PARK.
tJjOOO — Another ud to. date house, close to
Golden Gate Park; contains C splendidly ar-
ranzed rooms; all lateft conveniences; $1000
cash, balance monthly; a charming home, ar-
tistic In every detail. •
; SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$47.Co — Two substantial flats, containing 5
rooms and bath each; In Al condition; this In
one of the best renting sections south of Mar-
ket; rented low at $38: mortgage $1300 can re-
main; near Fourth and Bryant sts.
LYON & HOAG. ,\ ;
116 Montgomery st.
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
410 MONTGOMERY ST.
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN
HAYWARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
TITLE INSURANCE SHIFTS the burden and
risk of the legal investigation of the title upon
' the company. If you have a policy In the
CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE AND
TRUST COMPANY you will need no abstract,
no lawyer, and your protection will be com-
plete. It indemnifies you against loss. Just as
' a fire Insurance policy reimburses you If you
meet with a loss by fire.
TITLE INSURANCE FACILITATES all
transactions in real estate; it has supplanted
the old-fashioned method of relying on certifi-
cates of title or mere opinions, neither of
: which guarantees anything or promises to
make good any lone. It has become as neces-
sary to the business world as the telephone,
electricity or any of the modern Inventions of
the age.
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant or : copy of the real estate records.
constructed especially for insuring real estate
, titles like modern plants cf New York. Boston.
Chicago and Eastern cities; reasonable rates;
regular trurt company business transacted un-
der State charter; all matters controlled and
managed by the following:
DIRECTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES R. BISHOP.
Vice President Bank of California.
ROBERT BRUCE.
Of. Balfour. Guthrie A Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS. >
President California Optical Co.
P. N. LILIENTHAL, . |
. Manager 'Anglo-Callfornian Bank.
WARREN OLNEY.
Olney A Olney, Attorneys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
Page, McCutchen A Knight, Att'ys.
A. T. SPOTTS,
Mgr. Cal. Title Ins. and Trust Co.
JOHN R. 8PRING.
Capitalist, 630 California st.
HAWKS A SKELTON.
Rents Collected and Entire Charge Taken of
Property.
$5000 — Jjnt. 35x127, on north line of Clay rt.,
near Fillmore: flne neighborhood; near
many car lines; choice location for flats.
$7,200 — Marine vtew lot: Hyde St., near Chest-
nut: :'O:SxllO: very flne view assured;
new building each side of it; on Hyde-
it, car line.
$5,000 — Lot southwest corner Larkin and Lom-
bard sts.; 25x105; flne marine view
from every window; choice location for
home or flats.
$7.000 — Octavla St., near Broadway; good
house of 7 rooms and ttath; flne view of
bay from front and rear; bare lot Is
worth the price: 25x137.
$12,000— 3 new flats, near Hatght and Ashbury
sts.; modern every way; 6-7-7 rooms;
will rent for $110 or better readily.
HAWKS A SKELTON. 823 Montgomery at.
FOR *al« — Neat cottare. 4 rooms and bath;
targe basement; terms Fame as rent. . Apply
owner, lumber yard, southeast corner Ala-
bama, and Montcalm 'sts. - *
$5000— A SNAP— 4 flats In Mission: rents $C04
per year: could be Increased to $768. KIELY.
BEARD A CO.. Examiner building. ,
CHEAP — N»-;a cottare. 6 rms., bath,' basement.*
garden, stall for horse, cars handy,' st. work
done. 179 Cot butt ave.. bet. 17th and 18th. :
I 1 * EAI ' ESTATE—^CITY-^-FOR' SALE.'
EASTONEI - DRIDGE&C^ S MARKET ST.
, AUCTION.
AUCTION.
¦ ' ¦ ¦ ' ¦ AUCTION ' v
.TUESDAY. '. .APRIL 26. 1904.
At Our Salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon.
LEAVENWORTH-ST. FLATS.
Nos. 1220-1220A Leavenworth st.. between
Sacramento and Clay; two beautiful flats of
6-6 rooms and baths, renting for $62 50 per
month; lot 25x100. .,..,.
BRODERICK-ST. RESIDENCE.
2211 Broderick st.. near Jackson: lot 27:8»4
xll2:6; beautiful 2-story residence, containing
8 rooms and bath; renting for $53 per month.
CALIFORNIA-ST. BUILDING LOT.
North line of California St., 75 feet west' of
Seventeenth ave.; lot 25x100; this lot Is beau--
tifully situated -and commands an unsurpassed
marine view; level and ready for building: cars
pass door. ...
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS BUILDING LOT.
Northerly line of Jackson st.. 180 feet west
of Maplo; lot 60x120 feet; this magnificent
properly is situated along tho Prenldlo wall and
commands a superb marine view; a delightful
locality for a residence.
GREENWICH-ST. INVESTMENT.
South line of Greenwich st. • 248:6 west of
Scott; Nos. 2655-2555*4; two-story frame ten-
ement house of 4-5 rooms and bath each; rents
$20 per month; large lot. 79xS6: 8 *i; mortgage
of $1500. i
DOWN TOWN INVESTMENT.
No. 21 Joyce st~. between Powell and Stock-
ton. Pine and California- lot 22x77 ¦ feet: 2-
story residence of 7 rooms and bath; perma-
nently rented: this Is a valuable holding.
ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE.
No 1.
Bulldlng lot. easterly line of Douglass St..
250 feet south of Twentieth; 50x130 feet -
No. 2.
Building lot. northerly line of Cumberland
St.. 205 feet west of Sanchez; 60x114 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
27 Ford St., east of Noe; magnificent cot-
tage of 7 rooms and bath; sun In every room;
would easily rent for $3» per month
DEVISADERO-ST. BUILDING LOT.
vlfsterlj- line of Devisadero st., M:8 north
of Thirteenth; lot 25x125 feet; this lot being
situated eo as to command a magnificent view
of the entire city.
For further particulars apply to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
C3S Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE I
Saturday. April 23. 1004. tn the City of Chlco.
Of Town " Lots and Acreage Property, the
Ninth Addition of the
John Bldwell Rancho,
Frosting on Humboldt Avenue.
The excursion train will leave San Francisco
on Friday. April 22.- at 8 p. m., from the
Market-street ferry, leaving Sacramento at
3:30 a. rn. Saturday, and will be due at Chlco
on Saturday, 'April 23, early In the morning.
Pullman cars will be run with the train and
double berths can be secured for two nights,
round trip, for $2. Returning, the train will
leave Chlco Saturday evening. 10 o'clock, ar-
riving tn San Francisco early on Sunday morn-
Ing. ; ;
Special reduced round trip tickets from all
Intermediate points, good on local or excur-
sion train, of a single fare one way for the
round trip.
For further particulars, apply
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO., ;J
_ 638 Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE A CO..
638 MARKET ST#
$41.000— Corner on Post St.. close In town; 3
stores rented as first-class grocery butcher
shop and delicatessen; also 4 elegant flats, 5-7-9
rooms and porcelain bath; present rents exceed-
ingly low at $267 per month; could be Increased
to $310 without the !o?s of .a single tenant.
$30.000— Polk-st. corner, 107:6x127; nominal
Improvements. .
$17,600 — Improved corner on California St., ¦
near Laguna; large area of ground, CO-foot
frontage; rents $115 per month; 8 elegant
houses, 8 rooms each.
$16,000 — Business corner on Devlsadero st.,
near Post; 35-foot frontage, grocery; also
shoestore: S-roora'flat above; rents low at $85
per month.
$14,OCK> — 40-foot frontage; 4 fiats, 5' rooms
each: rents $115 per month; Shrader st., near
Waller.
JIO.MO — Devlsadero-st. business property;
store and flat above; rents $30 per month; two
frontages.
$10,000— Paclflc-ave. residence, 7 rooms and
bath; large garden: unsurpassed marine view;
cheapest piece on the avenue. .
>8500 — Three new flats of 5 rooms and bath
each; always rented, $78; modern.
$8500— Fulton St.. near Webster; 2 flats and
finished basement; 6-6 rooms and bath; rents
$63 per month. • . • ¦ ¦ ••
$8500— California st.. near Stelner: 34:C"4x
137:6; 2 cottages renting for $45 . per month;
could be Improved so as to pay handsomely.
$3000 — Oak-st. fiats; two of 5*6 rooms; large
flnlihed attic; renta now $09. - ¦
$8000 — Polk-st. fiats; new; 6 rooms and por-
celain bath each; rents $70 per month.
$6900 — Devlsadero-st. business property; two
stores and flat: rents $55 per month; lot alone
worth money; near Sutter st.
$6750 — Two exceptionally desirable flats; 5-6
rooms and bath; rents $02 60 per month; lo-
cated on Leavenworth st.. near Sacramento.
' $6750 — Fell at., near Octavla; 2-story frame
building: - stores and 3 flats; 4-4-6 rooms.
$61*50 — 3 flats on Webster st., near Waller:
4-4-5 rooms and bath; rent $56 per month.
• $4800 — Reduced on account of owner wishing
to l»ave.clty; mortgage of $3000 can remain;
Guerrero St., near 18th; 35-foot frontage.
$4250 — 1th ave., near California St.; elegant
residence of 7 rooms and bath; 2 flush toilets;
hanlwood floors In hall; natural finish wood-
work.
$4000 — 2 flats 'on Sycamore ave., near 17th
and Valencia sts.: 4-5 rooms and bath each;
rents $30 per month.
. EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
¦ CIS Market st.
CENTER & SPADER,
11 Montgomery st.. Lick House Block.
$14,000 — Ofler considered; 3 modern, up-to-d*«e
flats on Stanyan st. ; choice location;
rents $1200. »
$10.500 — Rents $87 60; Just completed; 3 up-to-
date flats; 6 rooms In each flat; choice
location In Mission.
$30,000— Pine et., near Kearny; 3-story brick
tuildlng; renting low at $105; particu-
lars at office.
527,500 — Van Ness ave., northeast corner; 30x
100; grand location for apartment* 1 .
$11,000— Webster St.. northeast corner; 3 flats;
rents $100 per month.' • '
$16,000— Howard st., southeast corner; store and
. flats; rented low at $1135; lot 35x122.
$18,000 — Grove St.. hear Franklin;, large fac-
tory building, with lot 56x100; or will
lease same for 6 years at reasonable
rent. • ; •
$3.S50 — Snap; rents $39: 4 sunny flats on
¦ Sbrpley St.. near Cth; lot 25x75.
$11,600— Noe st., close to Market; new flats. 6
rooms each; rents $1140; flne buy; very
cheap.
$5,650 — Guerrero St.; 2 modern flats 5 rooms
and bath each; rents $40; lot 25x100.
$1.950 — Snap: I'owell-M. choice lot; Just the
location for store and flats; 25x70.
$1,050 — Bargain: cheapest lot on Church et::
close to ljjtli-st. cars; lot adjoining sold
for $1500 recently.
$7,600 — Snap: N. W. corner Mission St.. near
':*¦% v I6th; lot 30xDl; rents. now $45; lnvesti-
• gate.
$3,300— Rents $20; 2 flats on Valley st., near
Dolores: lot 27x114.
$6,750 — Rents $00; new building; store and
flat. « rooms; N. E. corner: street work
all done; lot 25x07; a bargain.
16tb St., N. W. fehotwell; choice lot 120x110;
Just the site for*hctel purposes.
$.3,750, maybe less — Stockton St., near Sacra-
mento; rents $23; 2 frontages; must be
<i. : : _'sold. . •
DESIRABLE sunny lots, suitable for flats or
residences; streets work all done. .
Bryant Bt., between 20lb and 21st.
York St., between 20th and 21st.
Wo have only a few left; call and get one
before they 1 are all gone.
One- third cash, balance to suit purchaser.
CENTER A SPADER. 11 Montgomery st. q
~ GREAT SUCCESS.
WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK SELLING
FAST.
LARGE LOTS IN JORDAN TRACT IN BIO
DEMAND.
PRICES $1700 TO $1850. /
•A short time ¦ ago Western Addition block
No. 855. a Dortlon of the Jordan Tract, was
offered for sale In lots, most of which are
not less than ' 33:4x120, since which time 15
lots have ¦ been sold. ¦ Building restrictions,
which hold good for ten years, will be en-
forced. These restrictions prohibit the use of
the property during, this period for stores
laundries, coal yards, etc. - Three-story flats
are also barred. . ' .: • . .
These restrictions and the large lots are at-
tracting a' superior class, of purchasers, who
believe that a block sold In this manner will
Increase in value, as well as those who want
to make desirable - Improvements without the
fear of feeing Injured by their neighbors.
Terms of sale are one-fifth cash, balance in
4 yearly payments of one-fifth each, due In 1.
2. 3 and 4 years, with the privilege of paying
faster. ' Iftr t»'ilW|yrniffl*OT7?nflil*fl*^*aJfa* 1 1i^ 'fftTa
The property enjoys unexcelled car facilities,
being reached by the Geary, ¦ Eddy and Sacra-
mento st.' lines, as. well as the Sutter-st.- road,
which transfers to" the ,Clement-st. line. ¦
' The prices range from $52 60 to $65 a front
foot, which Is extremely low for property so
well situated.- Since the property was placed
on the market ¦ 15 ; lots have been ' sold." ¦ The
streets are all : 80 feet wide, graded. : sewered
and macadamized. j . *
LYON A HOAO.. . _
- v .116 MONTGOMERY ST.
CORNER FOR SALE. . ,< r
; Northeast ; Harrison -and ,12th sts. ; 61x100,
with some improvements;. Just the place for
a dairy depot, factory or livery stable:: title
guaranteed: price $7500; If It »>ult» make of-
f er. JULIEN SMITH. 420 Montgomery \ st.
AWAY, below cost: big bargain: owner must
, eell; McAllister- s*. lot. Box 1353, Call. ;:;,,
heal estate city— for' 9 ale.
'at auction.
:,;?,, • at auction.
your credit is good
., on parnassus heights.
we will loan you 90 percent of
thb price you pay for any lot.
Only 10 per cent cash, balance payable in 9
semi-annual payments. -¦ Interest at the rate
of U per cent per annum.
GRAND CREDIT SALE. AT AUCTION.
THURSDAY. APRIL 28. 1904,
At 12 o f clock 'noon.
At our office and salesroom,
25 Post st.
03— BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE LOTS— 53.
ON PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
ON PARNASSUS HEIGHTS.
This property • fronts on Hugo and I sts..
Second. Third' and Fourth aves.; lots 25x110
and 25x120; corners 33x95.
Etreets all sewered and side sewers to the
curb line on each lot; granite curbs; cement
sidewalks: street paved with bituminous rock;
water mains In.
Lots all level, on official line and grade and
ready to build on at once.
For further particulars "apply to
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ST..
Or to Branch Office, adjoining the property,
corner II st. and Seventh ave. Open every
day. Including Sundays and holidays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Pest st.
CHOICE REAL ESTATE INVESTMENTS.
Prominent Thlrd-st. business corner: price
$24,000: mortgage $15,000 at 0 per cent
can remain; only corner on Third st.
for sale: will surely doubl» In vatue
wlthtn a short time; present buildings
tn good order; new plumbing; rents
low at $1226 per year; solendld loca-
tion for new permanent improvements.
NEW NORTHEAST CORNER FLATS.
Price $17,750. reduced from $19,000 for Im-
mediate sale; six new modern flats, all
rented extremely low for $1900 per
year; on a northeast corner, two blocks
north of Market St.: there Is plenty of
vacant srace on the lot to build three
additional flats: lot has 13S feet street
frontage; mortgage of $10,000 can re-
main »t 0 per cent oer annum: rents
$1CTI 50 per month: rented very low.
$5.000— Natoma at., nr. Ninth; lot 25x75; four
- separate flats: rents $49 per month.
$24,000 — Fourth-st. business property; three-
stcry building, In excellent repair, con-
tatnlng storen and flats; large lot, 60x
$75: rents $160.
$4.000 — Vicinity of Third st. and Southern
Pacific deoot; large lot. with double
. frontage; four a«r>arate flats; rents $42
per month: owner anxious to sell; an
offer will be entertained.
$7,700 — Thirteenth St., fronting Duboce Park;
residence of D rooms and bath; high
basement.
$7,250— Rents $71 per month; large lot, 8Sx
88; two storea and two fiats: street
bltumlnlzed. cement aidewalk: Gucr-
rero-Bt. electric cam rass the property.
$5,000^ — R»nts $42 r>0 per month: three flats,
on Eighteenth at., near Folsom.
$0.000 — Price reduced for Immediate sale;
corner on Flitt st.. a few blocks south
of Market: lot 23x75; house of 10 rooms
. and bath. .
$11,000— Folsom St., nr. Third: lot 25xlC0. to
a rear atreet: 2 hounea of 8 and 9
rooms and bath each; splendid specula-
tion.
$C,750 — Klrst St., nr. Folsom: lot 45:6x63:9:
two flats and a cottage; rents $40.
$4,7G0 — Castro-st. business property; rents
$37 50 per month; lot 25x12.".; store
and a flat above.
$7.500— Pine st.. nr. Fillmore; lot 25x127:6.
to rear atreet; residence and flats: rente
$58 50.
$C,000 — Oak St., nr. Webster; two flats of 6
• ?'and a fJ:'rooma and *ijalh each;" rents
$47 50. ¦¦ - ; "S* ¦ ' ¦
$20,000— O'Farrell st.. downtown location; lot
27:Cxl2O. to rear street: modern build-
ing of three separate flats: rents $190
per month. !
$5,500 — Ninth ave.. nr. Parlc entrance; lot
25x120: two new I Huts of 0 and 6
rooms and bath each; rents $45 per
month; eaey terms.
$4,100— McAllister St., nr. Golden Gate Park;
lot 2*>xl37:G: two flats of fi rooms
and bath each; rents $36.
$125,000 — f-well apartment-house of 110 rooms;
everything hlghclass; lot f.S:Oxl37:G;
rents ?725; mortgage of $45,000 can
remain.
$51.500 — Devloadero-fH. bus'ress corner: new
Improvements; store and flats: large
lot, 63x110: renta $361 50.
IS.500— California st.. downtown location: lot
-7:6xS7; two-fftory frame building;
store and rooms above; rents $3S.
$6.000 — Central ave.. nr. Fulton St.; new
building of two flats of 4 and 5 rooms
and bath each; r<>nts $55.
$7,750 — California et.. nr. Eaker; two flats of
6 and 7 rooms and bath each; rents
$67 50.
CHEAPEST and Choicest Home
Building Lots.
On ofncla! grades. In Sunset District.
Sowered nnd Macadamized.
Between H and I 6treets.
In blocks fronting Golden Gate Park.
Electric cars pass these properties.
Sold on your own terms and
Monthly Installments.
Price $825 and upward.
See these building sites and Judge for your-
self. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st.
•Branch office, cor. H at. and 7th ave.
Open every day. Including Sundays.
MARK LANE,
Real Estate. Insurance. Notary. !
$200. 0C0.
We have the tenant, also a nice downtown
corner, but want a new building— a chance
for a permanent Investment, yielding good
Interest.
$S200.
For caeh equity; will yield nearly 12 per
cent per annum; 3 elegant new flats, modern
In every respect: extra large lot; on most
popular residence street, north of Market:
price $16,200.
$12,750.
6 cozy modern flats: north side of the
street, overlooking the Park and bay: porce-
- lain baths, instantaneous water heaters, a
basement and sub-basement; pays over 12
per cent; n bargain at above price.
r *- $12,500. . :
Lot 32x132, with L 2Sx32; on busy 24th St.;
2 frontages; 4 flats and 2 cottages; rents
$06 60: basement can be ' changed to stores
with little expense and Increase rent.
$7250.
2 new modern flats; Sacramento St., near
Laurel; renta $72 50.
$5700.
- flat*: 5 and 7 rooms and bath; • north
side Bush St.. near Broderick; large lot; bar-
gain.
$5500.
- elegant modern flats, 4 and 7 rooms:
' rents $53; In Mission.
f3900.
2 flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath: near 16th,
Noe and Market; close to new public library
' „ $3000. ,
2 flats on San Bruno ave., near new power-
house; 130 feet frontage; rents $25; space
for 4 more flats. . ¦¦ ¦
$2500.
A nice C-room cottage, Dolores and Army
a barcain. '
\. * " * 2650 -
Modern cottage of « rooms, bath and 0-foot
basement; Point Lobos, near 8th ave.
$3700.
Tenement house, Vallejo. near Montgomery
ave.; 3 frontages; rents $50; lot . worth the
630 Market Street.
SPECK & CO.. 20D MONTGOMERY ST
Opposite entrance to Mills building
¦__ •¦* i* -- REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
SELLING LEASING
RENTSCOLLECTED INSURANCE
$100,000— Rents $9600; Investing $50,000 cash
and assuming bank mortgage of $50,000; will
pay 12 per cent net; lot 65x137:6 ft.
$50,000 — NW corner. ,137:6x137:6; Golden
Gate ive, east of Scott; , good, improvements;
mortgage $30,000 at BVt per cent can remain;
reasonable offer entertained.-- ¦) .
$26,000 — Sutter-st. bargain, /near Leaven-
worth; good three-story Improvements; lot 27:6
xl37:6 ft.: no reasonable offer refused.
$20.000 — rolk-st. business property; 2 stores
and lodglng-hou»e: -lot 30x05 ft.; rents $145;
$10,000 bank mortgage can remain. :-
: $18,600— Post st.; lot 62:6x124 rt.; 2 front-
ages; very good improvements; rents $140. ¦¦¦•<. .
$13,000— Renta $130 B0; ¦ vicinity Van ' Ness
and Grove; lot 27:6x120 ft.; good flats; this Is
a bargain. ¦ ¦¦.;.-.
$5000 cash; monthly rent $105; balance, $7500
bank mortgage, can remain; 3 fine new flats;
Western Addtltlon. ¦ \ •
SPECK & CO. 209 ,¦¦ MONTGOMERY ST.
$100 DOWN and $20 mo.— Cottage, ';, 5 r.' A b.,
on Clipper st.; one of « r.'Jfc b.. on Elizabeth.
$2700— Cottage, 8 r.&b.. In West. Park st. -
$27*.O— Cottage,. 5 r., and.b.;012: Day. st.
o. COFFIN & CO., 3303 Mission st.
JOHN S. SPBECEELE. Proprietor.
iCCxu camtmatias _n SSffli XcIAP&HT, Macapr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TEN DOULARS REWARD.
The Call Office if Von Miss
Your I»a;ur.
It tot eny cause TKE CAXIi 1* not «•-
llvered resrnlarly to snTotcrlber* please
call up "CAAI. EXCXAJjraE" and aotlly
•Subscription Clark la char-re. Tour com-
plaint will receive prompt attention. •
A. standino- retrard of Ten Dollar*
(S10.OO) is offered lor tne arretrt and
conviction ol any one caurnt frteallnr
THE CALL.
TELEPHONE.
A*k for THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect Tou With the Department \o\x W ua.
ruMlrstlon O'fiee Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial IJoom ...217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered t y Carriers. 20 Cts. Prr VJ>«k. 73
Cls. IVr Month. Single Co-M~ l L C *? t^ lta
Terms by Mail Including Postage (Cash wua
Order) : ,_ .—
X>AILT CAUL Onclud. fiundsv). 1 S'** 1 '- *'*?£;
PAILT rALL (tnrlud J*ur.<3sy) 6 mo«.... \w
DAILY CALL— By Single Siotnb •-=
Ft'NDAY CALL. 1 T-ar J-?T
TVI-EKI.T CALL. 1 Tear ... .£ ««£¦ j£g
POSTAGE ' I *SifcSS p2 Tear Extra
POSTAGE. TVeek'v. " °° Pcr Yemr rtr *
ALL POSTMASTERS ARK ATTHORIZED
TO DECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies w!'l ba forwarded when re-
quested.
*:»:! subscribers tn ordering change of ad-
?Irrsi ehould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
r»otnpt and correct compliance with their re-
«uccu
OAKLAND OFFICE:
J118 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY OFFICE:
X148 Center Stn-et Telephone Nortn >l
"WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A- Brentsno. 31
Union Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Flflh-ave-
cue Hotel end IloZm&n House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
fherroan House: P. O. Ncwa Co.: Gr->at
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENT ATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS..Man3uette Building
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2fil».")
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE.
•STEPHEN B. SMITH SO Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
BBECCES8 OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock ev*ry right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
100S Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
t27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open
until 9:30 p m.
3C0 Hays street; open until 8:30 p. n»-
«2* McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkin etreet: open until 9:30 p. in.
"-¦•<1 Mission Ftr»<-t: qm until 10 p. rn.
S2CI Market Btrert, corner Slxte«ntb: open
until 9 p. m.
10*3 Eleventh etr»>et; open until 9 p. tn.
1096 Valencia street; op«n until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streets;
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty-second end Ken-
tucky etreets: open until 9 p. m.
S2CO I-'illmore etrett; epen until 9 p. m.
TO SCBSCRIBHRS "LEAVING TOWN*
FOR THE SUMMER-
CALL subscriber* ccati-nplatinsr ft
chance cf rcFideace dnrisc the enmmet
month s can have their paper forwarded
Tor mall to their new address Toy notlly-
inr TEE CALL Badness OSce. This
paper will also be on sale at all summer
resorts and is represented tor a local
arest la all tcwa* on the coast.
BCJsX ESTATI3 CITY FOR SALE.
MADISON & BURKE.
BEAL nfTATE AGENTS.
rSTABLIFHKD JANI'ART. 1S5S.
SO Montgomery Ft Opi>osHe Llrk House.
JI9 0C0— Drvlsadcro «. ; store and **at.s; lot
30xS2:fi; new building; rent $150.
$7.500 — Sacramento rt.. north llnp, n*ar
Ptnner: 9-room housr, in fine condition;
this Is a nice home.
$12. *W — Pc*t st.; two larjr*. well constructed
houses; very large lot.
SOITH OF MARKET INVESTMENT
j-. . i. — <; flat* ar.J *tore below; n*ar Sixth
and lirannan Bts. ; rent Jyi per menth:
«:ew building.
$£.V0O— Ashbury 't.. nrar Frrdcrick; a fine
Icrgc 10-rocm liou**; n<-ar the paik:
UUlard room. Bnlsfced attic and all
modern convi?n>ne« s.
$lf*.T30— Tare Ft.; 2 up to date flat* C and 7
:..:..- and bcth: annual rent O0U.
SS.OGO — Cot'agr and lot; Bartlrtt St.. near
TsictUJ -first; t rocrr.? and bath; all
latest lmprovemrnt.«.
$".*0<i — Clipper st.. near Castro.
$.;.7W— Grand «ve.. near Mission rt.; 2 good
Tata; price low; rent $33.
$«.0»jO— Trnth at., near Harrison; lot 23x100;
rent $32.
IX3TR
flt\3C0— Half 30-vara. <fc:Oxl.*:7:6; Broadway,
m-ar Fillmore ft.; grand marine view. •
J9.000— 5t«"inrr et.. twt. Geary and O'Farrell
tt.; car llnrs: 2 lots. Uil^7:6 feet.
$1.CCO— Fourteenth ave. and A « corner 120
feet on the Dew Park Par-handlf.
- 14.500— niatunrxvs «=t.. near Twenty. third;
larfc- lot. CiiI17:C to r<«ar street."
l>ou 27:€xT3T:6. on £utu>r m.. between Stelner
and Pl»rce.
Building lots, northeart corner Golden Gate
av«. and Baker st.; In sizes to suit-
prices from $2lxX) upward.
Three lot*, earh 27:CxIS7:0, on south line of
Geary et.. near Fillmore.
.^- £¦ MADISON & BURKE.
|J **" Montgomery r-t.. opp. Lick Howe.
ELEGANT new residence, near rark. conuin-
Ing s imaa. «?tc: new ,le E ! Kn and flnUh;
nothirg like It; *£t Ashbury. near Frederick 1
lot L*r»xifMj:3; a bargain.
MADISON tt BURKE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
$D00 to $l*!00— Easy Terms.
' New "Ocea?>slde" Lots on Official Grade.
Fronting and UnobKtructed View of Park
and Ocean. -
Cnolcect and cheapest home' sites ever offered
All bargains'. See them to-day!
"Oceanrlde" branch office, cor. H street and
¦ 4Tth avenue.
s Open Sundays and Holidays.
IT.", to $250 — Near Park and Ocean— $3 monthly.
$250 to $1000— Cholr«fit Richmond lots — In-
btcllmenu.
$130 to $450— Level Excelsior Hd. Lots.
ffU"OO to $3000 — Modern cottages in 8unset,
Richmond, Oceanside and Cxrelvlor Home-
stead. Easy terms'.
Fur.»et Branch O.'Cce on Oth ave.. near H st.
SOL. GETZ & SON. Owners and Dealers.
Room 64. fourth floor. Chronicle bldg.
NELJSON. JOHNSON & CO.. ~~~
205 TfcXfl&tfon-ery et.. opp. Mills bldg.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
rortcloMir*, Probai* and Forced Bales of Ail
Kinds Will Be Found in Our
UP TO DATE BUYERS* GUIDE.
As Illustrated monthly catalogue, contain-
ing a carefully selected list of chespest proper-
lies offered on the market In every location,
bend us vour addrefr and we will mall you on*.
NELSON. JOHNSON * CO.,
20S Montgomery st.. opp. Mills bldg.
INCOME property: «outh of Market and China-
town; homes Richmond. Sunset, Mission dis-
tricts; printed list city and country property;
exchanges. W. J. White, 26 Montgomery, r.6.
CHEAP lots: corner 22d and Douglas, near!
Market extension and new schoolhouse.
EASTON A ELDRIDOE.
$1S25— COTTAGE. 4 room«. bath: lot 37*4x100;
S'Tfi rj(-h down, balance $13 80. Mission
Realty Co., 2 Twrruy-r.lnttr st.
REAL ESTATE CITY— FOR SALE.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
\ AUCTION 1
REAL* ESTATE COUP ANT.
BIS CALIFORNIA STREET.
THURSDAY. APRIL 21. 1904. AT 12 U.
LARGE} TOWNSEND- ST. LOT.
BETWEEN 1 SECOND AND THIRD.
128:10x275; NW. line of Townsend. 80 ft. 3W.
of Stanford: close to S. P. depot.
3Tv/j (a
J. CcV^X**ys . £OT CJ-O3C TO %
i\l I I '; I .
JL/j&GJrSfriexzrrJTiPi&risaM*
BROADWAY FLATS— RENTS $190.
27:6xl37:«; Nos. 1678-1682; N. line of Broad-
way, west of Van Ness ave.; superb marina
view; 3 splendid modern up-to-date flats: fash-
ionable neighborhood; should be seen to be ap-
preciated.
:.;;.U. LARGE BROADWAY LOT. .
With front and rear dwelling: 45:10x137:0;
Nos .1311-1513 Broadway, east of Van Ness ave.
STOCKTON-ST. BUSINES3 PROPERTY.
Leased at $2640 net to one tenant; 40x69 feet;
Nos. 1308-1314 ' Stockton, north of Broadway:
4-story building and lodging-house; 4 years*
lease; tenant pays water and repairs.
UNION STREET— RENTS $33.
41x78: No. 1809 Union st.. 31 feet W of Octa-
vla: 2 stores and 12-rdom flat; must b« sold.
SANSOME- ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Nos. 712-714 Sansome; 45:10x90 feet N of
Jackson; rents $71 60; brick and frame build-
ing. - x
CALIFORNIA. ST. COTTAGE— RENTS $32 30.
25x137:6; No. 2223 California st.. between
Buchanan and Webster; cottage. S rooms and
bath; select neighborhood. r _ r _^__«^
DEVISADERO- ST."~"lOT.
34x103:1*4; E line of Devlsadero, 63 feet S of
Union; fashionable neighborhood: marine rlew;
Unlon-st. cars within 68 feet; $2300 mortgag*
now on property.
H ST.. SUNNY COR.. FACING PARK.
82:6x100: SE corner H st. and Eleventh ave..
in 1 or 3 lots, facing Park: SE corner. 32:6x100.
and 2 adjoining lots, each 23x100.
MARIPOSA ST.— RENTS $27 CO.
34:8x75; Nos. 2707-2709 Marlposa st. 53:4 W
of Bryant, between nth and 13th; 2 houses,' 5
rooms and bath each.
DOLORES -ST. LOT.
Creditors' sale; no limit; 60x105; XT lln* of
Dolores st.. 70:6 S of Liberty.
FOLSOM ST.— RENTS $143.
60x80; S5S-864 Folsom st,. E of 5th: 3-iton
building; fiats and stores; rents now $112;
should be $143.
TWENTY-FOURTH ST. CORNER-
RENTS $140.
65x90: NE corner 24th and Shotwell stskj 939.-
045 Shotwell at.; 3138 to 3146 24th «t_; 3 stores.
4 houses. 2 flats; rents now $112; should be>
$140.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
313 CALIFORNIA ST.
FILLMORE-ST. MODERN HOME,
' $CCCO— Fl:lmore st., near Green; house ct 8
rooms and bath.
CORNER WALLER AND BELVEDERE.
$-tCOO — 23xlOS:6; southeast corner Waller and
Belvedere; good site tor home or flats.
v FELL-ST. HOME.
JG2C0 — Fell St., near Buchanan; substantial
house of 9 rooms and bath. t\
COR. MASON AND MONTGOMERY AVeSJ§
Peremptory order to sell at once to close
an estate; no reasonable offer refused.
*'¦>%£' PINE-ST. FLATS.
$12,600— Pine, near Flllmore: 25x100 ft.; 3
new flats, renting for $105 per menth. ¦
NEW BRODERICK-ST. FLATS.
$9750 — 30x103; Broderick St.. near Green; 2
splendidly constructed new flats; marine view;
renting for $75 per month.
CORNER STOCKTON AND UNION STS.
$18.000 — Stores and flats, renting for $1338
per annum.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS. .
$12.600— 25xS6: 11; Devisadero st.. near Turk;
8 new flats, renting for $100 per month.
BOARDMAN-PLACE INVESTMENT.
$3750 — Boardman place, near Bryant st.; im-
provements consist of 3 flats and stable; rent-
Ing for $42 per month.
1 UNION -ST. HOME.
$4300—23x100; Union st.. near Flllmore; an
up-to-date house of 6 rooms and bath; all mod-
ern conveniences.
CHEAP ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOT.
$1650 — 23x137:6; an unsurpassed line of lots
on either Clayton or Carl sts.; only a few
more left In this block; cars pass property.
TREMONT-AVE. BUILDING LOT.
$1300 — 25x80; Tremont. near Frederick; a
very desirable location for small flats.
WEBSTER-ST. HOME.
$6000 — Webster, near Jackson; substantially
constructed hcuse of 7 rooms and bath.
B. GETZ, 'Room 22. Chronicle Bldff.
OWNER AND DEALER.
NEW BLOCK on the OCEAN BEACH.
STREETS GRADED. '
Lots Level on the Grade to Build Upon.
Superb View of the Ocean.
Easy Monthly Installments.. Per feet Baxgilss
$60 to $40 — Ocean Heights and boulevard lots.
$350 to $300— 19th-ave. boulevard lots;
graded. >:-^.. »<- '„'
$250 to $1200— Sunset and Richmond lots:
on block facing Spreckels Lake and , new
Park speed track; easy payments.
$150 up— Excelsior Homestead lots; level on
grade; city water; Mlsslon-st. cars.
$75 to $100— Ocean View level lots; streets
graded; city water; name your own payments.
$1000 to $3000— Modern houses and cottage*
In all districts on very easy Installments.
Call at My Office. Room 22. Second Floor.
.-'¦-/¦¦» Chronicle Building.
— — -- \ I ' ' *
I Open for inspection Sunday, 0 a. m. to 3 p. m»
MUST BE SOLD. MUST BE SOLD.
Beautiful modern residence:
No. 1931 Golden Gate ave..
Near corner of Baker st.
Within two blocks of Park Panhandle.
Residence cf 8 rooms, attic and large billiard-
room; separate bath and toilet rooms.
Rooms artistically tinted; beautiful mantels
I with gas grates; elegant gas and electric flx-
! tures throughout: driveway concrete, with 1*4
i Inches top tement: driveway provided with
' gas and electric lights; large stable In rear.
suitable for automobiles, carriages, etc. :en-
; tire floor cemented: drain j>lp« connections.
making same perfectly sanitary: electric llghta
MUST BE SEEN TO BE APPRECIATED.
™ SNAPS. '
I $3500 — 2 flats. 5 rooms each; baths; on lot 21
1 xll4: Twenty- seventh st.; upper Cat fur-
" nished.
$2400— Cottage. 5 rooms and bath; Twenty -
I . seventh St.; lot 24x114; must be sold; of-
I fer wanted.
. $3500— 2- story house.- 7 rooms; modern; lot
20x125: Fair Oaks st.. between Twenty-
fifth and Twenty-sixth.
$3.V>— 2 lots: street sewered and graded: cheap.
$1600— Lot 23x97; street and sidewalk bltu-
. mlnlied.
J. F. PLUMBE. 1402 Valencia st.
" $5 PER MONTH. ~~
Investigate the City of Richmond, where th«
Standard Oil Company. Santa Fe Railroad
Company. ' Southern Pacific Railroad' Company
and numerous manufacturing . plants are at
work. Lots sure to Increase In value. All
' level. . Maps fi 1 1 I "Till MM Mljlsalfc'fr
RICHMOND LAND' COMPANY,
| Crocker Building, S. T.
CORNER LOT '
FOR SALE
Southwest . corner Castro and 23th; 30xS0:
$2060.' Please see and make, offer — we w.lL
sell. JULIEN SMITH. Real Estate Agent,
420 Manicamarv ¦*
j R^L^^^ATE--C1TY — VOT^J*A£SL
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE **CO.. ,".„, __
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST.
$16,000— Vallejo. "near Flllmore; new residence.
-" ; beautifully finished; lower floor: dining-
room, : butler's pantry, etc.; 1st floor;
reception hall., library and living room:
¦-¦'-' 2d floor : 4 sunny bedrooms . and baths :
. attic: 2 Udrooms. and bath: lot 2.x
96 feet, with L.
$16,000— Bryant-st. cor., near Third: store and
flat above rents $93; lot 60x75 feet.
- FIRST AVE. '
** NORTHEAST
Price reduced to mak* quick* sale.
$24,500— Post st.. near LeTavenworth: flne sut>-
stantlal improvements; rents $13a; lar »"
lot. 60 feet front; building should be
raised «nd stores put under; would pay
largo return. „_ , ft
$10.000— McAllister St.; 3 new fiats: pay iw
per cent: 6 rooms and bath eacb; lot
25x100 feet. f'f^ri?':!*
$45,000- O'Farrell-st. corner: near. town. 3
frontages; Improvements. 3-story frame.
rents $160 per month.
$6.500— Sixteenth st., corner of Church: nne,
level buildlrur lot 75 feet front.
tll.OOO— Jackson-st. residence of 11 rooms and
bath: modern in every way; lot
127 :SV« feet. «,».».
$21,250— Jackson-st. corner. Presidio Heights^
elegant modern residence of 11 rooms. -
baths; first floor, library, double parlors
dining-room, beamed celling, panelea
oak, hardwood floors, etc.; 4 b*?™ 0 "??
and 2 bedrooms In attic; lot 87:6x127 :8K
feet; grand marine view.
$0.750— Clay St.. near Webster: residence of 9
rooms and bath; lot 25xlO2:4«4 feet; lot
Is situate on a corner of a public alley,
. light and sun on three sides.
$3,250 each— Filbert St.. near Scott; ; rnagnlfl-
cent marine view; lots 27:6x137:6 feet
each, and corner 53x137:6 feet.
I7.G00— Jackson, near Central ave.; grand key
lot, 50x127 :8V* feet: ready to build on.
$10.600— Hyde st.. near Sutter; flne residence
of 10 rooms and bath: rents for $50 a
month.
$3.250— Natoma St., near Ninth: 4 flats: rents
$30: this property Is In excellent condi-
tion; all good, prompt paying tenants:
no repairs necessary; no danger of va-
" cancies; a good, safe buy: lot 23x75 feet.
$17,000— Second-at. corner, near Harrison: iOx
05 feet; flne site for factory or ware-
house purposes.
$16.000— PRICE REDUCED.
Van Ness ave.. east line between Paclflo
st. and Broadway: grand key lot" for
¦apartment house: 45:10x137:6 feet.
$32,500— PRICE REDUCED.
Northeast corner Devlsadero and Grove
sts.; 137:6x137:6: business property;
should be Improved with stores and flats:
present rents $85.
Get a copy of our printed list of .properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO..
Real Estate Agents,
218-220 Montgomery st. .-* . • .-
AUCTION — 16 marine view, park and pan-
handle lots; Fulton st. street work done;
Parker .*ve. (100 feet wide): North Stanyaa
ft.: McAlllnter-street cars pass property:
THURSDAY, April 21. at 12 o'clock noon.
Union Square Hall, 421 Post St.: terms, 1-3
cash, balance 1 and 2 years at 6 per cent:
observatory on jrround, from which view of
city, bay and ocean can be seen.
7 ** - | !
9 0> I
g a t |
5 -**"j 1
• pa '*' » "7 1
>a i I ©
|J g " 9 s 1 §
It g "» cTH |
% 3 " 7 +¦ 1 ?
'• K " 7 » f *
6 '* M
~Z r ~~7rl 71
K ¦ "* W
•¦ ls?3 I
i joorr, ml cm.
For further particulars 'and catalogues, ap-
ply to HENRY STERN of David Stern &
Sons, auctioneer and real estate* broker, 11
Montgomery at- . '
R. D. CRANSTON «V SONS.
114 MONTGOMERY 8T. 114
$9,730—3 flnte flats Just north of Market St.;
rented for $1030; one year old; a bar-
gain.
$3,300 — A good northwest corner In Western
Addition; marine view; splendid future.
$5,500 — Comer flats on Eddy St., 6-7 rooms
and baths.
$1,250 — Fine level lots on Clement St., near
Eighth ave.
$3,000— Corner lot, one block from Park Pan-
handle; we consider this the best buy
!n unimproved property in the park
district.
$4,000 — Four good flats, near Fifth and Folsom
sts., paying 1 per cent.
$10,500— Facing the beautiful private grounds
of a handsome residence in Falrmount
Hotel locality; 2 substantial houses, well
rented: containing 10 rooms and bath;
Hilx-rnia Bank mortgage of $5300 can
stand; pays almost 1 per cent on this
basis.
$5,500 — MasonSc-ave. residence; corner lot; 45x
125. long side to eun.
$12,000 — Two fine modern flats Just completed;
in park district; between two car lines;
0 rooms and bath each; rents $110; If
you want your money's worth see these
flats.
Send for Our New Catalogue of Real Estate.
REFEREE SALE.
725 Gough st., west line, 125 feet northerly
from McAllister, between Golden Gate ave.
and McAllister st. ; lot 25x100.
The above property will be sold at public
auction to the highest bidder for cash. In gold
coin of the United States, April 29 1904. at
12 o'clock noon, at salesroom of A. j". RICH &
CO.. 112 Montgomery st.
Sale subject to the confirmation of the Pro-
bate Court. A. J. RICH & CO.,
112 Montgomery st.
$6500—80x114; PARTLY Improved with 2 flats.
cottage, 5 rooms, bath and basement, barn 10
stalls and loft; near 24th and Castro sts
Apply 924 Bryant st.
IF you want a house or lot In the city or
across the bay In Berkeley. Oakland or Ala-
rr.eda call on ROTHERMEL & CO.. 507 Cali-
fornia st.
BU'lLD your unimproved realty; we loan full
cost lmprov. iind part lot at 6%. MANHAT-
TAN SAVINGS BANK. Crocker building.'
$0,000— MISSION-st. business property; large
lot; 40 foot frontage; now paying »M
per month; this is a good proposition
and cheap. . .
fl.'.OOO — Howard, near 6th; flne investment:
pays good Interest: Improvements all in
flne condition; well worth Investigating.
$7.000^ — Fine bargain on Geary St.. near Brod-
erick; good, modern 'house; al] In fine
order: will be sold cheap.-
$5 per month — Fine lot on Naples/ near China
¦ ave., close to. cars: all ready for build-
ing: chear>est lot In the district..
McEWEN BROS.; 118 Montgomery st.'
SPECIAL BARGAIN.'
NO AGENTS.
$8500— Rents $S2 a 'month: 8 flne small flats;
Intersection of Market st. :
never . vacant: close to .Valencia - and ¦ Mission
sts.; rents can be raised to $101; lot 50 feet
front. Full particulars apply to AUTOMATIC
PACKING CO.. >
63C Howard. St.; 9 to 4 p." m...
$1.25 PER WEEK, no interest. Lots la the
Excelsior Homestead Tract: all level; no
grading to do: ready to build your little horn*
on; doe* to electric cars and school.
¦- " • - -W..J. WHITE. .' " - •
48 Montgomery st, room S.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 1904.
43
RR^^STATE— CITY— rojR^SAJLE.
9g| BCKNHAM A MAKBH PO.,
211 Montgomery Street.
,„,„ THIRD ST.. NEAR MARKET.
f.lft.0u*-Le.rF* corner, 80x150; 12.000 ««<juare
[«;., nd: rcnti -!««»¦»• flOOO a month; oJd
improvement*.
.„.„, RENT $450 A MONTH.
*VO OOrt— Gilte<«ir«> bustn-** property oa Cth
r_i,\»« rt * lot% T!i r °° l frontage, 2» feet ex-
lendlnsr to rear street; pays over 6 per cent
net and part vacant
w£?'n*'£l, nu8lntlg ' ProixTty on Folsom rt..
V ' U ™ricea. ri " lronU " ; "ounds like
K-ft BARGAIN.
s_6.C00--PB>t about S per cent net; right la
"•wr., new bunding: Boon be buMnoss property.
««a «~v RE^T $'45 A MONTH.
*_0,.,00— U ctand flat* on Harrison St.. near
«Ja; na* coed business future.
si? •»,w W^ Tt;R n rRONT PROPERTY.
M 2.3 W— Lot 40xf.O; on Jackvon *t, near
Front; chance to make turn.
SELECTED LIST
K1- «*_£*£**£ PROPERTY FLATS.
$l4.(Xxv-ror S120 month; Panhandle district;
ni-xl-ru anil weil built; murt sell
h=^.^r. F , or ft V S0 a month; 3 flats; Pon-
nan<ll* district; all low renta
_*y? > .-'j^» W0 • month; Oak Grove ave.,
c1om> to Oth »t.; lot 37X11*
r/f«r^ r $50 * month ; - aew flats on 16th,
r.ear Mlr&ioa.
t.'A(Hi-.For $«7 60 a month; close to Golden
*»at«> Park.
fa 2 00 , For $90 a month
* J? at! cn Harriet et.. clcse to «th st
** > -' 00 - - -\- ¦ • • For $52 a month
9" °* k Grov « * v *-. clow, to Cth *t.
•°5J;' 0 • For $45 a month
Close to lS:h and Castro sts.; new flat*.
*-> t *'O For >40 a month
Hyde et.. near Vallejo.
*4350 For $45 a month
t-tore and flats; eleir* to 6th *t.
*4300 For $<a a month
Tfh&tnt et. backs up to Howard at front;
trood future.
*4HX> For $42 a month
Treat ave.. near 13th M.; lot 2Sxl22.
$3100 For $30 a month
Dupont St.. near Bay; good factory location.
12500 For V& a month
Greenwich et, near Eteiner; In. rood order.
$2100 For $25 a month
I_>upnnt St., near Bay; good factory location.
—
SOME CHEAP LOTS.
$2050 — Presidio Heights, near Maple st.; not»
elie of lot 27:exlS2.
FRONTING GOLDEN GATE PARK.
f?50— else. 25x1 40;. Ilk* finding It
f350— NW. corner; 100x120; University
Mound Survey.
$1000 — Size 25x100; near Market at.; 17 min-
ut*£' ride from Market and Kearcy; commands
line view; rradj- Jo build on.
MUST EELL AT ONCK.
$6500 — Elegant residence on Pine st. of 8
larse eunny rooms: furnace; modern plumbing;
Rice Ja»n and garden; large lot 137:6 feet la
oepth.
Bl KNHAM A MARSH CO..
211 Montgomery et.
UNITED BANK AND TRUST COMPANY,
Real Estate Department,
236 Bush ft.. Mills Building.
BUSINESS CORNER CLOSE IN.
$21.000— On car line, this side of California
at.; close in; consisting of store and flats; large
lot. worth S15.O00; mortgage of $11,000. cau
remain en this property; now paying $150 per
xnmth.
WrSTERN ADDITION HOME AT BARGAIN.
*'.;.*•<» — Good 7-rootn-and-bath residence in
ptrlect condition; brick foundation, high baae-
nunt; plumbing all In excellent condition; large
lot. 25x137:6; this property is about to be fore-
closed upon and the owners are very anxious
to sell; situated clo*e to Oak and Scott sts.;
make us an offer.
THREE NEW MISSION FLATS.
$8750^ — Three new up-to-date flats of 5 rooms
ar.d bath each, near 15th and Market ets.;
r«rted for $S0 per month.
SIX-ROOM COTTAGE AT A SACRIFICE.
Si'iOO — Good cottage on Point Lobos ave.,
r.car First ave. ; well worth $3000; must be sold
ininiediatply. as owner Is about to leave for St
Louie and must dispose of same before he goes.
MANUFACTURING SITE NR. PORT MASON.
Ji.mo — Excellent location for any kind of
factory: full 5o-vara. lot: close to water and
car lines; worth locking; Into.
BOARDMAN' BROS, ft Co7~ "~~~ O
Ueal lEftnte Agente.
«v» orw» t^_ . t , 138 Montgomery ft
W3.000— Downtown burlnew corner; stores and
hotel, good m63ern buildings, all leased
r$uW£E wj *•*• t * per ccnt
$«.OOO-C»a.Bt. corner, lnal.l. of Folnom: frame
bulldinn;. paying $130; * larre lot; great
XI* onoS?^*™ 63118 srolnir Ul> on "»•¦ street
5ZS.O0O— California *t. north side: 8 splendid
substantial flat*; $2840 a year; always
rented; brick walls between houses; lot
100xl2i.
$2S,O0O— Van Ness corner, not far from Golden
Gate; good slsed lot and substantial
houae,
$18,000— Ellin, near Ot-tavia: 3 bright aunny.
• «« nn J nr *' ifrn fl at»; $1770 per annum.
$10.000— Fell Bt.. near Flllmore; 3 elegant mod-
•i* «A« er 2i * na " unnr flats- $15!)f> per annum.
512.500— Colo et; 3 up-to-date flat?; $1230 per
•• T«r. an . r ' um: 81 * *"* °" u not -
•s.ioo — Masonic av«.; 2 modern and attractive
fl&*« f *70 per annum.
55.000— Tehama. near 5th: 4 elegant little
flats; In flno rhape; «<52* a year; 11 per
cent net; lot adjoining Howard et.
frontages.
$3,750— Clara Bt. near 4th; 2 flats; will pay
• $41 & month and always rented.
fz.sCO— Mleslon investment; store and flat;
$324 per annum.
$17,500 — Octavia et.; handsome 9-room resi-
dence; sun in every room; large, band-
some garden; marine view.
$10.000— Dolores 6t.. near 23d; ftne large house
and handsome lot; a sunny, comfortable
home et a low figure.
$8.750— Jackson st. north line, near Buchon-
.„ *": attractive, modern 8-room house.
JS. 000— New. suncy. modern home; Presidio
Heights; 8 rooms; flne location.
f 6.250— Western Addition; comfortable, sunny
, . h °™*; S rooms, in good condition.
$2.i>00 — 27th Ft.; 2-story house, 7 rooms; a
substential and comfortable house.
Only Two Left.
Northwest corner McAllister and Stelner; 2
beautiful lots left of this choice proper-
ty: no grading required.
DIAGRAM TO COME
7 8 Sold > SU
* Steiner •?<-.
i r " ¦.
$1.750— 2d ave., near D; 27:6-foot lots.
$1,600 — 6th ave.. near Golden Gate Park; good
business location; a snap,
BOARDMAN BROS. & CO..
138 Montgomery at
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 64S MARKET ST.
1100.000—137:6x137:6; east cf Larkin. south
of Geary: part of lot Improved with private
boarding-house cf over 60 rooms; rents $0000.
$30,000 — 6 new modern flats: rents low, $29C0;
near Devisadero and Sacramento ets.; lot 50x
127:6fc.
$19.000— Lot 30x137:6; Hyde st. rear Geary;
present Improvements pay $1240. The cheapest
buy in this district
$16.500— Lot r.lxl32:7^: 2 well-built resi-
dences which should be remodeled Into flats;
on the north eide of California st., near Web-
ster.
$15,500 — Bush Et, close to Mason: lot 25x
137:6; residence In fine condition; rents $65;
should be remodeled into flats. '
$13.500 — Three handsome new modern flats on
Devlsadero St.; rented low for $1290.
$11,500 — Thice new beautiful flats on Page
Et., near Lyon; renta $1300; lot 25x100.
$10,600 — Three new modern flats; rents $1200.
near Duboce Park; let 25x100; quick sellers.
$8750 — Handsome residence on north side of
Jackson St.. near Webster; 8 rooms and bath;
laundry; high basement etc.; In excellent con-
dition.
$6500 — Three modern flats: only one year old:
REAL ESTATE — C»TJY— FO R 8 ALE.
F. B. SURRYHNE,
UV.AL. ESTATE AGJ5NT,
138 MONTGOMERY ST.
$C900 — Cloee to Polk and Clay; 3-story resi-
dence 0 rooms, easily . converted Into 3 flats;
renting now for $40 per month: lot 20x137:0.
*H.">C. r U — HuMncp r corner, close to Market and
l.'th sts.; Improvements in good condition;
renting for $72 per month; lot 28x100.-
IHTr.o — Near Devisadero and Clay; 2 sub-
stantial flats and rear cottage; renta over $0o;
lot 25x127. - £
111,000— Rents $97 60 per month'; close to
Valencia st; 3 houses and 2 flats; corner lot,
61x100.
$5000 — Rents $42 per 'month; Greenwich at,
near Taylor; 4 tenements and large lot.
K30O — Rents $u3 per month; close to Howard
and 8th 5ts>.; 4 tenements 4 rooms each.
$5900 — Vollejo st, near Van Ness; substan-
tial residence 11 rooms; lot 22:10x137:0; an
offer will be entertained. W
11C50— Golden Gate-ave. building lot. 25x100.
$1300 — Gulden Gate-ave. building lot, 25x100.
$t:t50— Lot near Halght and Baker; 25x100.
$45C0 — Bargain; choice corner, Devisadero
st, near Halght; 32x100.
$3750 — Choice corner lot close to Devisadero
and Hatgbt. 30:6x100.
$2750— Key lot. close to Devisadero and
Halght. 20:8x100. ,<;<.>
$2700— Devisadero st, near Halght; choice
bulldlr.fi- lot; all street work done.
$1300 — Bargain; Greenwich Et, near Laguna;
extra large lot. 37: Cxi 37: 'I.
$1550— Qeary st , near Baker; 27:6x137:6.
Get my April catalogue, giving prices and
location of all classes of property for sale In
different carts of the city. ¦
CHEAPEST und best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, rent to any address In the
United States cr Canada one. year for $1.
REAL ESTATE— Country — For Sale.
~~~ " WHITE^
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
$12,500 — Splendid stock ranch and general
farm. 2C00 acres; 4 miles from Courthouse,
Mendocino County: 200 acres tillable; 2 com-
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied with
water and an abundance of live oak timber;
there are several patches suitable for alfalfa.
fSOOO — Only 3% miles of Geyservllle, the Gem
of Sonoma County; \i mile good school; rural
mail delivery; 50 acres; 30 ceres rich bottom
land: 2 acres orchard; 15 acres vineyard, all
bearing; T> acres alfalfa'; well fenced and cross
fenced; 5-room house, 2 good barns, nice spring;
have other bargains In this superb section.
$3500— Mile and a half of St. Helena; 165
acres. 30 under cultivation, 6 acres bearing
orchard, 5 acres vineyard; water piped to
buildings; fine 2-atory residence, stable, barn,
carriage-house ; once refused $12,000 cash.
$600 — Only 1 mile of town: 80 acres; house,
trees, vines, berries; 15 acres bottom land;
placer and quartx gold; 2 garden patches, out-
eide range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$4000— Near Merced City, on main road: 40
acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives, 10 *cres
alfalfa. 5% acres bearing orchard; 2 wells; all
under ditch; fine cottag-e. 5 rooms; steel wind-
mill and tank; good barn, toolhouse. granary,'
poultry houses. Incubator houses; nice Income;
cash or trade bay counties property. .
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black land, near Stockton, subdivided
in email tracts at $(!5 per acre; one-third of
crcp with place.
Adjoining the town of Lodl, both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under ditch;
$125 to $165 per acre.
$50 per acre; 10 acres up; under ditch: 4%
miles from Lodl, on main county road: also
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an
acre.
GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
I have several parties with good income
property to trade for cheap country homes; also
lodfrlns-houseb; many cash buyers; list your
property.
$2500 — 60 acres; 5 miles from Santa Cruz; 20
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
some rteep: small orchard and vineyard, bear-
Ing: cood 7-room house,' barn, outbuildings;
bank » foreclosure; $500 ~ down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$10.000 — In Sonoma County; 800 acres well
fenced In 3 fields; bouse; 3 large barns; dairy-
house; well watered; 200 acres tillable; all
level; 24 acres 8-year-old orchard; 30 head cat-
tle; 20 hogs; farming Implements, etc.; $5000
mortgage; trade for bay property.
$3250— 26 acres sandy loam, only 2H miles
of Petaluma; houfe.5 rooms and bath;part cash.
$5000 — Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 320
acres; 2 sets good Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; S horses; forming tools; outside range.
$4500 — 30 acres close to Morgan Hill. Santa
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard. 10 acres bill pasture; nice hard
finished cottage of 5 rooms; outbuildings; flne
Income; would trade for Income city property.
$1100— Only 6 miles from Courthouse; 80
acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
part cash; near Red Bluff.
$17.000 — Finest ranch in San Joaquin County,
between Stockton and Lodl; water near sur-
face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land. 1 mile of Calaveras River.
| REAL ESTATE— Country— Kor Sale.
I WE'LL sell the earth— Of the. following. apple
I orchards, situated in celebrated Pajaro Val-
i ley, ganta Cms County: 40 acres full-bear-
ing apples; Royal Anne cherries; county road
divides tract; either half sold separately or
* as a whole. < ¦
i 50 acres, all planted In Newtown pippins,
situated on banks of Lake Pinto,' 2H miles
from S. P. B, R. ?
25 acres, 10 planted to Bellefleurs and
Newtown pippins, 7 years old;, good water
runs through tract; generally planted to
potatoes, peas, garden truck.
GAFFEY & MAHON.
505 California st.
ATTENTION, HOME SEEKERS!
We desire to call the attention of Intending
buyers of country lands to some bargains in
- income-producing ; orchard, vineyard, grain
and stock farms, many of, which- are bank
foreclosures that we have for sale. Mr. Bush
having hod 40 year*' knowledge and experi-
ence of the value of lands and being the
owner of an income-Droducins: orchard and
vineyard, con Intelligently direct Intending
buyers to the best lands and bargains in the
State. Correspondence solicited.
DAVID BUSH & SON, 328 Montgomery st.
Room 412, Safe Deposit Building.
FIRST-CLASS dairy near Ilolilater — 278 acres,
75 In alfalfa: irrigation plant; modern Im-
provements; personal property consists of oO
head of cattle, 20 1 horses, dairy utensils,
- farming implements; last year's milk re-
turns furnished; as owner is actively en-
gaged In business, cannot devote necessary
time to dalrym*: therefore, will sell cheap
and make liberal terras' to practical man,
or trade for city or Berkeley property; par-
ticulars given. GAFFEY & MAHON,
505 California st
WILL be sold at auction; ranch of 1C1 acres,
8 miles from Santa Rosa, adjoining Mark
West Springs; good house and barn; 10 acres
cultivation, balance in pasture; 2000 cords of
standing wood, besides flr and redwood:
would make a fine summer resort: will be
sold on premises, April 27, at 12 o'clock;
free conveyance from Santa Rosa. Address
ODELL & GARRISON, Auctioneers, 210
Hinton ave.. Santa Rosa.
I HAVE for sale several fine farms, 120 acres
and upward: price from $25 to $50 per acre;
all level, plenty of water and wood, splendid
climate, near two- proposed roads and the
celebrated Eel River coal fields. For further
particulars, address Box 2, Covelo, Mendocino
County, Cal. ___^
FOR sale — Ranch of 20 acres, near Vacavllle;
15 acres In fruit trees, balance under culti-
vation: in good location and a paying prop-
osition. Address P. O. box 485. Vacavllle,
Cal. ' ; - .
IF you are looking fcr land 'In any of the bay
counties, farms, alfalfa or fruit lands, stock
and timber lands, call on ROTHERMEL &
. CO., 507 California st
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648
Market st '
COUNTRY real estate and town property, fur-
nished and unfurnished; reasonable rent. J.
A. McCOY. Los Gatos. Real Estate, Insur-
ance and Collections. . • •
SEND for catalogue "California's Choicest
Acrea." WILLIAM P. WRIGHT, Mountain
View. Santa Clara County. Cal.
PACIFIC Grove lots, on car line. Central ave.,
near beach, $400 each; must sell singly or
whole. JAS. PIERSON. Sacramento.
A 5-ACRE and new house country place; suit-
able for poultry: for rent or eaie. 1359
Howard St.. S. F_ ____*______
EIGHT-ACRE poultry ranch for sale at a bar-
gain. MRS. MOLATT, Cotatl, Sonoma
County. Cal. ' -¦* •¦'**
BAK MATEO REAL ESTATE.
FAIR OAKS and -*Ienlo Park — Land in this
beautiful suburb on easy terms to those
building homes; flna oak trees; no fogs or
winds; values are increasing rapidly; now
is the time to buy. • ,
Menlo Park — Two splendid country places
for sale; beautifully laid out and ready for
occupancy; can be eeen by appointment
Burlingame— A very complete moderate-
sized country home with about five acres
garden apd orchard, stables, etc. ; magnifi-
cent oak trees; house modern in every re-
spect and In first-class condition; will sell
furnished if desired. See photographs at
office. A bargain.
Fair Oaks — To lease for one year or longer.
Picturesque cottage, unfurnished; very con-
venient to station.
Apply to SELBY, RODGERS & CO.,
116 California street
ALAMEDA Al^RTISr^ENTS
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
HISTORY
i r.-J REPEATS 'ITSELF.
. ANOTHER RECORD BREAKER LAST
WEEK. ¦.;" ¦¦-.-'".
.1 -WHY?,
BECAUSE WE HAVE THE LARGEST AND
. CHOICEST LIST
TO SELECT FROM.
| OUR LARGE RENTING BUSINESS BRINGS
US IN CONTACT WITH DESIRABLE .
- <\ •- PROPERTY. . '
$1000 — Good,. 3-room cottage, near station
and school. . .-¦¦"¦-;", '
• $1600— Cottage of 5 rooms; central;' good lo-
cation.
$1900 — Modern 6-room cottage; on Oak st,
near San Antonio ave.
$2850 — An up-to-date modern 6-room cot-
tage; corner lot;, good buy.
$4000— Two flats and cottage: on Alameda
ave. ; lot 60x160 f eet ; ¦ this Is a good Invest-
ment; -don't overlook; : chance like this won't
last long.
$6500 — A. beautiful 9-room modern house; sit-
uated In the most picturesque part of Ala-
meda; corner lot 55x150 feet; this is one of
the best buys in Alameda; built as a home,
not to sell.
CALL AND SEE OUR LARGE AND
CHOICE LIST OF IMPROVED AND UNIM-
PROVED PROPERTY. v--;- 1 .
HAMMOND & HAMMOND, '
,1*22 Park St, Alameda. -
Salesman in office to-day from 8:30 a. rn.
to 3 p. m. .
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY,
1500 PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
$2300 buys a beautiful new 5-room cottage;
very modern. . . '
$1500 buys a good 5-room cottage: a snap.
J1750 buys a fine 5-room cottage; very cheap.
J2500 buys a 5-room cottage; lot BOxl59.
$2900 buys a great bargain In a 6-room cot-
ta*e: lot 40x140; on Santa Clara ave.; choice
location. ' . ¦
$3500 buys a 7-room colonial house; "cheap.
$4250 buys an elegant modern. 8-room house.
$5000 buys a beautiful 8-room house; new;
corner lot.
BARGAINS IN ALL PARTS OF ALAMEDA.
HOUSES AND LOTS FOR SALE} AT COST.
$6500^— Business property: rented for S years
at $60 per month: Investigate.
\ Cost $22,000; must be sold; 12 rooms and
bath; lot 75x187; corner lot. ,
Only $10,000.
To rent— A good 6-room* house; lot 75x150;
very convenient; $21. -
Houses Built. Rented and Exchanged.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY
Tel. Alameda 490.
A SNAP, on account of leaving town; modern
7-room colonial house, nearly new, with 2
large rooms finished in attic; every modern
convenience; fine yard and lawn; could not
be built for price asked; see this place at
once; price only $3000, worth $4000; carpets
go with house.
$1500 — 5-room cottage in fine location; $250
down, balance easy terms.
$1700 — 5-room cottage; lot 58x100; near
station. . •
Some fine buys in building lots in best lo-
cation. See us before buying. -
HALLY & CO..
2313 Santa Clara ave., near Park st.
Salesman In Office To-day.
$600 CASH, balance same as rent, will buy
one of the prettiest new, . modern homes In
Alameda; 7 rooms and bath; choice location;
half block from electric cars; 1 block from
station. H. G. MEHRTENS. 1600 Webster
st.. Alameda.
$6250— A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time; two beautiful up-to-date modern 6-
room flata on Clinton ave.: bay frontage;
beautlfal marine vie-nr: elegant surf bathing:
bathhouses, etc: this is a 'rare chance; don't
overlook It HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1423
Park at
A TtRATTTTITTTT. hrnna winnl.it. In *tl nn~\l.<»
BERKELEY ADyERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY nBAL JBSTAT1C.
A BARGAIN.
$5500— Worth $10,000; bank leaned $5000 on
this property; muet be sold; 8 beautiful
large rooms; ¦ good as new; 66-foot street;
3 blocks to both trains; lot 125x143; large
barn; fruit trees; prettiest garden in
Berkeley; street work all done.
$7500 — New 7-room house, 'with all modern im-
provements; fine barn; running water to
house and barn; fruit trees; lots of eak
shade trees; only' 30 minutes to Berkeley;
20 acres fenced 1 and crossfenced.
$3150 — New 7-room' home; frescoed walls; fine
mantels; one block to cars; $500 cash,
balance $25 per month.
$2300 — Nearly new 4-room cottage and bath;
all furnished, Including new piano; lot
60x135; fruit trees and beautiful flower
. garden; chicken house,' pigeon house; half
block to train: owner East.
$1000 — Fine 4-room cottage O4id bath; lot 40x
100; 3 blocks to train; $200 cash, balance
¦ $15 per month, including interest. ¦
$1400 — 5-room cottage; lot 60x150; street work
, all done; 1V4 blocks from San Pablo ave.;
$400 cash, balance $12 . per - month. .
$2500— Fine corner store and one 4-room and
one 5-room flat: large lot; 1 block from
main station. .
$2S00 — New 4-room cottage and 2% acres of
laud; barn; good well; 4 miles from
Berkeley.
$2300— Cost owner $2650; see it; only $200
cash, balance $20 per month; 3 blocks to
both trains; fnlit trees, berry vines, lawn,
all In fine shape; owner going East; 7S0
6»th st.. South Berkeley.
$2250 — $200 cash, balance $20 per month; 5
beautiful rooms; street work all done; 2
blocks to trains.
W. C. MORAN. ' South Berkeley.
HOPKINS TERRACE— The Pacific Heights of
Alameda County; positively the cheapest
choice property; every lot has a command-
ln_- view of the boy.
$250— Only two left; lots 60 feet frontage;
street work done; very nice neighborhood.
Only $750—210 feet frontage; perfectly level
land; fine view of bay; a bargain.
$1750 — Good 6-room cottage; well situated.
5310O— Fine 2-story house of 7 rooms; on the
sunny side of street; near the Key route.
$4000 — Fine 2-story house of 7 rooms; Just
completed; lot 62 feet frontage; street work
all done: near Key route; cars; everything
modern.
$5000 — New, 2-story house, all modern Im-
provements; furnace: double floors; a cosy
home.
$5500 — Modern, up to date house of 8 rooms;
lot 62x159:6; In one of the best parts of
town. I';*;
$6500 — Now building, a very pretty Swiss
chalet; fine corner lot.
JOS. J. MASON, Real Estate.
SE. corner Shattuck ave. and Center st
$2600— HALF block by the Santa Fe; $50
month.
$1400 — New cottage, 6 rooms; bath, pantry,
city water, sanitary plumbing; lot 50x100; 1
block from electric cars; $150 down, $25
monthly.
$850 — Neat cottage, 6 room* and bath; near
station of local train.
$500— Lot, 50x120, on broad macadamized
street; $50 down, $10 monthly; Interest 6 per
cent net
$1200 — House. 4 rooms; garden, etc.; $150
down. $10 per month. ,
$1850 — House. 6 rooms and bath; lot 60x130;
small barn; street sewered.
$1250 — Business corner on principal avenue;
lot 60x100.
$1500— Lot for factory site. 221x125.
$250— Triangle lot, 40x120, with creek lined
with willows; $25 down, $10 month.
$1100— House. 4 rooms; lot 47x125; $100
down. $15 per month.
$375 — Business lot. 20x75; $20 down.
$250— Lot. 50x100; $25 down. $5 month.
CHAS. A. BAILEY.
1056 University ave.. nr. Saa Pablo ave..
West Berkeley.
FOUR FINE SNAPS.
$6,750— Big Lorin snap; fine business corner
on Adeline St.; will cut Into 6 nice
lots; contains a large house, now rented;
land alone worth $9000. based on ad-
jacent prices and sales: will double In
value soon; $5000 can be borrowed on
property; best investment In South
Berkeley; see the property and then ask
any Lorln business man if this isn't so.
$13,000 — A beautiful Dlece of property. In an
ideal location: consists of a heavily
wooded knoll sloping in all directions;
between 2 car lines; has a fine, old-
BERKELEY ADVERT'S ? ]iI'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
• CHENEY * BERRY. * •
*6750— 0 rooms and bath In Scenic Tract;
practically new; elegant home; large lot; best
neighborhood. . . . . •,
$0000 — Sold on account of removal; large attto
and good basement; lot 3£xl50; finest view ia
Berkeley; all modern; near upper Dwlght way;
paneled rooms; great bargain.
$1400—50x150 In Hlllegass. near Derby; great
snap.
$400— Acre lot adjoining university grounds.
$16OO--Elegant. sightly; lot 52x125.
' ¦" CHENEY A BERRY,
Postofflce -Mock, Berkeley Station.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
2140 CENTER ST., BERKELEY.
WORTH $3250.
A snaD for some one
6-room house; high basement; shed 20x20; 25
assorted fruit trees; fine lot. 80x135: street
work all done: only 3 minutes' walk from
North Berkeley station; fine view. We will
consider- any reasonable offer.
If you want to RENT, BUY or BUILD ia
Berkeley It will pay you to see us.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
2149 CENTER ST., BERKELEY.
BARGAINS — Houses and Iota; lots and houses.
We guarantee all sales and titles. MUR-
DOCK & CO.. South Berkeley (Lorln).
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
gRUlTVALE HHAL ESTATE.
H. BARKMEYER.
1206 Frultvale ave., near Frultvale Station, Cal.
Will build you a home to suit on easy terms.
$25 cash and $5 per month will buy a fine
building lot SOxl32:6; city water; only one
block from car line.
" Lots $200 and up; half block from Frultvale
ave.; gewer and city water; high elevation; 15
minutes' walk to local train.
$1075 — Cozy cottage of 3 rooms, pantry and
closets; fine shrubbery and fruit trees -in bear-
Ing; stable and chicken houses; cement walks;
loi 37:6x100; 3 blocks from Frultvale station.
$100 cash and $10 8O per month, cottage of
4 rooms and bath; hot and cold water; high '
basement; stationary tubs; corner lot. 30x100;
East Oakland; one block from car line; prlc*
alj told 51000.
$250 cash, balance $18 $0 per month: bay
window cottage of 4 rooms and bath, pantry
and closets; high basement: all connected with
sewer and city water; 3% lota fronting on two
streets'; only 3 blocks from . Frultvale station.
This Is a bargain.
$2000 — Modern cottage of 4 rooms; porcelain
bath; completely furnished" with almost new
furniture; 3 rooms finished In basement: • lot
75x108; barn and chicken houses; a variety of
flowers and fruit trees In bearing; only 2 blocks
from car line: a fine country home.
$2400 — Beautiful cottage of 5 rooms; all the
latest Improvements; gas and electrio lighting;
combination fixtures; porcelain bath; chlaa
closet; large lot; on Frultvale ave.
$2500— New, artistic bungalow of 5 rooms;
porcelain bath; all the latest improvements;
fine mantel and sideboard: lot 50x120; ona
block from Frultvale ave.
$5000 — New colonial house of 8 rooms and
bath; exceptionally fine dining-room; 2 man-
tels; sideboard; gas and electric lighting; com-
bination fixtures: lot 50x150: street work all
done; this is one of the finest and best built
horr.es in Frultvale.
.$2800 — Special bargain; modern cottage of 9
rooms and bath: fine shrubbery; large shade
and fruit trees In bearing; two-story barn and
buggy sheds; lot 45x20O; situated on Frultvaie
ave. ; 15 minutes' walk to local train; terms
If desired.
$3500— 4% acres of fine vegetable land, about
1% acres In bearing orchard and small fruits;,
good bard finished house of 6 rooms; l&rgV
barn and chicken houses; good well, etc.; 4
blocks from car line; no reasonable offer re-
fused, as owner Is forced to selL For partic-
ulars apply to
HENRY BARKMEYER.
1200 Frultvale ave., near Frultvale Station, Cal.
,.-. V. r TeL Brook 638. , . . ,
VALENTINE O. HUSH. PRES,
STEPHEN B. THORNE. Secy. f
¦-"-» •!¦ First Nat Bank. Treas.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANT.
INCORPORATED IN 18S».
312 BUSH ST... SAN FRANCISCO.
$TCjO — Two up-to-date flats, 5, 0 rooms and
bath each; close to L*nlon-st. cars; large lot,
30x110; rents $47 50 per month.
DHVISADERO ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$15.000 — Three stores and large lot; modern
thrcug-hout; rented for $1200 per annum.
inSSRRI FLATS AT A BARGAIN.
$47r<o — Two fla.tR of 4-5 rooms and bath each:
in excellent condition; large lot, 30x122:6; clos«
ta 20th and Howard ste. ; rents $40 per month.
POST-ST. BARGAIN.
$18.500 — Large lot. C2:«xl25 to rear street;
close in; on eunr.y aide of Post St., near La-
puna; improvements consist of 3 two-story
houses of 8 rooms and bath, with high base-
m*r.t*. on Post et. and two houses, 5 and 6
room? and bath each, on rear street; all of
these bulldine* are in perfect condition and
bring in a total rent of $1600 per annum; the
fcousf* on Post et. could easily be turned Into
modern flats at Fmall expenae and would pay
very well; this is a chance to got on extra
larpe lot this close In that Is now paying good
interest.
CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
f ...j.'.O — Modern cottage of 5 larre rooms and
bath, with large attic end high basement:
brick foundation; this property could at small
exfjf-nae be turned Into three flats that would
bring in an excellent Income.
For further particulars regarding any of the
»biv# inquire at
UNITED BANK AND TRUST COMPANY.
Mills Building,
Entrance, 236 Bush st
OANCO, GUNZ & CO.. 634 Market Et.
Phone Main &3S9.
tlO.500— Make offer; Fell St., close to Laguna;
2 modern flats, 6-7 rooms and bath;
plenty room to build on rear ctreet;
rente $930 a year; lot 27:6x120 feet.
fT.OOO — Rents $720 a year; 2 fine flats. 6
rooms and baths, high basement, fin-
ished attic, etc.; on Pell, near Devisa-
¦flero; la 25x137:6.
$T,000 — Business corner on 17th st: beet por-
tion; established grocery and bay-win-
dow Cat. 7 rooms and bath; rents $720
a year: a very cheap piece of property
and must be sold.
$5,500 — 2 modern bay-window flats. 6-6 rooms
and bath, tiled mantels, fine basement
porcelain baths; rents $510 a year; on
York St.; lot 25x100 feet
$3.250 — Grove st., near Octavia, running
through to Ivy ave.: present Improve-
ments ray $480 a year; absolutely the
cheapest and only property at this
price In the district; lot 25x120 feet
$5,000—2 modern flats. 6-4 rooms aad baths;
rents $4H0 a year; Broadway, nr. Mason.
$4,000 — Broadway, near Mason; 2. modern
flats, 4-5 rooms and baths; rents $432 yr.
$3,500— 10th St.. near Harrisoa; 2 flats. 4
rooms; rents S3G0 a year: lot 25x100 ft.
$3.500 — '.» of a block, from 8th and Mission
ets.: 2 fine flats, 6 rooms and bath;
rents $3S4 a year.
$2,750— Cottage. 4 rooms, gai, birh base-
ment, etc.; on Lapldge st, near 18th;
fine surroundings.
$I,WK) — Nicely finished cottage. 4 rooms; Mis-
slon-«t cars within a short distance.
$1,500 — Snap for those looking for a cozy
bouse; 4 rooms; rents $15 month; large
lot 29x114: Vi cash buys the property;
on 26th et, near Church.
SPECIAL!
Highest Snap Ever Offered.
$6,250 — 818 Montgomery *tt, near Jackson;
2 rtores and flat 8 rooms; grand fu-
ture: rents (636 a year.
$4,800^ — 355 First at., near Fblsom; reduced
from $5500; bav-wlndow house, 8 rooms
aad bath: 2 flats on rear street; low
rent. $4«0 a year.
Richmond Block
Speculators' Opportunity.
Facing on A and B streets.
Convenient to All Car Lines.
Elegant View and Perfectly Level.
Entirely different list !n the Examiner and
Chronicle,
GANCO. GtfNZ & CO., 634 Market street.
CORNER Polk and Sacramento sts.; 127:SUx
i.'«*» feet; income with present inprovements
to2S month; no agents; cash bids. Address
box 1739. Call.
FIXE? level lot for sale cheap. Call at 36
Casselll ave.. nr. 18th and Douglass.
LAND for sale. Address box 1328. Call office.
$6500— BARGAINS: dependable artistic homes;
3 sold this week; "Success" the best adver-
tisement; If interested In home building. In-
spect these houses, 858 Clayton at, B. side,
8. of Frederick: Masonic ave. cars to door.
JOHN PTIERLEN. owner, builder; premises.
THREE Dftjr-vora lots oa Lombard St., near
Buchanan, at a bargain; fine «1te for flats;
back to S5-foot street: 50-vara lot on Grove
and Lett ets.; rood Investment for builders.
bELBY. RODGERS & CO.. 116 Callfornla.
$10.SS0— CASH $2000; 8 swell flats not yet com-
pleted, but rented for $1200 per year; Seventh
ave. boulevard. 760-2-4. near Fulton et; 16
minutes frota City Hall; all night car ter-
vtc»; every possible latest Improvement in-
cluding bitumlnised street; 25x120. Apply on
premises' from 2 to 6.
BARGAIN: modern house, 7 rooms aad base-
ment 1458 Ninth eve.. Sunset District
ALL work jruarantee<1 Crrt class by ALH-
BACH & MAYER. Plumbers, 836 Howard et
near Van Necs ave.; lot 27:0x137:6.
$6000 — Beautiful modern residence of S rooms
and both; on Clay st, near-Devieadero; prop-
erty In the very best possible condition; large
lot, 3Sxl27:SU-
S4850 — Two new modern flata near ISth and
Potrero a\-e.; rents low. $540; lot 31:SxlO0.
$4300 — Handsome modern cottage, & rooms
and bath: on a Casuro-n. corner; 27x100; the
corner portion of this lot Is vacant.
J34W — New cottage; high basement: aanitary
plumbing, etc.; on Sth ave., near I et; lot
50x100.
$3250 — New modern up-to-date residence, 6
rooms and bath; gas; electric fixtures; high
basement etc.; on 17th st.
$3O00— Three well-built flats In Al condition;
on OUbert st. near Bryant; always rented for
$300.
$2500— Two well-built flats on Welch St., near
4th; lot 25x80; rents $300.
C. M. WOOSTER CO.. €48 MARKET ST.
STOP PAYING RENT.
SECURE YOUR FAMILY A HOME.
OUR SPECIALTY "HOMES FOR YOUR
RENT MONEY."
RICHMOND LOTS.
26:8x100; north eide A st. near 7th ave.
CASTRO- ST ADDITION.
$450— Level building lot; street graded and
sewered.
FAIRMOUNT TRACT.
$700 — Lot 35x100; on Harper et; graded and
sewered.
JCW lots; 25x100; on Chenery st.
$700 for two lots; 1 block from Chenery st.
MISSION LOTS.
Level lots. SO feet from Mission st, on Pre-
clta ave.
1600 lots on 27th st; 25x114 each; graded
aad sewered.
$&00 lots; 25x114; on 22d st; graded aad
sewered.
$200 lots; near Crescent ave. and Mission et,
$125 lots; all level and ready to build on; 1
block from Missloa-st cars; only 6 left out
of 19.
SOUTH SAN FRANCISCO LOTS.
$300 each — Lots 25x100; on 12th ave.. 1 block
from Railroad ave. . The choicest lots in that
locality.
SAN BRUNO AVE. LOTS.
$250 each — All level and adjoining school-
house.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOTS.
Ten lots suitable for chicken ranch; all level;
only $600 for all.
POTRERO LOTS.
Ten lots on Vermont and 25th sts.; 1 block
from 24th -et. cars; the cream of Potrero prop-
erty.
PARK LOTS NEAR OCEAN BOULEVARD.
$150 and upward; grand lots to build on or
for future investment.
Aay of these properties can be bought oa
easy terms.
OSCAR HEYMAN, 14 Post st
FINE INVESTMENT PROPERTIES.
Lombard and Mason sts. lots; nothing better
for flats; in the best part of North Beach; will
sell as whole or In subdivisions.
Two new flats on easy terms In Richmond
district: always rented; only recently built- 1
block from three car lines.
Valencla-st. bargain; near 24th; 41x90 to
rear street
OSCAR HEYMAN. 14 Post st
GAFFEY & MAHON. Real Estate Agents,
505 California st
The entire estate of the late Myles D.
Sweeney has been placed in our hands for
sale, comprising in part:
That grand marine view 50-vara lot, SE
corner of Jones send Green sts.
The middle 50-vara, N. side of Broadway,
bet Mason and Taylor, and 12 flats thereon;
good Income property.
¦ The NW. corner Chestnut aad Larkin; one
of the most majestic marine views in city.
The SW. cor. Broadway and Mason and
Improvements thereon, bringing good rents,
etc.
Good house, lot 25x137, N. side of Chest-
nut, bet Powell and Mason; rents $52 50,
Flirt-class double bouse; lot 63x52; SE.
cor. Filbert and Mason sts.: rent $75. '
Beautiful building lot on Stelner, near
Hermann St.. 44x90.
First-class building lot, 60xl3V, on Clipper
street
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 612 Callaghan bid.,
will build oa your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a. month pays principal and Interest on
each $1000 of balance due. malting your la-
rtallmenti lesa than rent: send for circular.
$2200 — Large corner lot 60x110; Webster st,
near Filbert; level.- ready to build on; close
to Union and Fjllrrftre-st. cars. Owner, 3009
Buchanan at • ¦
$2200 — BARGAN; 5-room, modern cottage, good
condition; easy terms. 2 29th, cor. Mission,
GREAT reduction for 10 days only; elegant
. business location: lot 62x90; Valencia «t.,
near 22d. PATTERSON, Examiner : bldg.
TWO pretty -Homes just completed In the Mis-
sion: <5 rooms, bath: about $1000 down, bal-
ance easy. See MOIEE. 320 Sansomc st >
$1300 — FINE cottage; good location; easy
terms; street wcrk done. Apply 3316 Mission.
on main road; mortgage $9000; would trade for
first-class property near city.
$4500 — Near Newcastle; 21 acres: oranges,
cherries, peaches, lemons, plums and apples;
email but nice house; only $1500 down; have
bargains in this vicinity from $1000 up.
$2250—10 acres, all In apricots just ' com-
mencing to bear; 6 miles from Son Jose; lovely
home; half cash. r "*,"
$1700— In Sonoma City; 8^ acres; all level;
good house, barn, windmill, tankhouse; ' 13
poultry houses and yards; some alfalfa; spring
wagon; 600 chickens; feedhouse.
$2500 — Only 2 miles from San Jose; 4 acres;
2VL- acres bearing orchard: hard finished cot-
tage. 5 rooms; stable, windmill and tank;
cheap.
$3500 — 136 acres east of San Jose, 125 acres
In hay; good soil.
Send stamp for printed list
•W. J. WHITE, 26 Montgomery st, room 5.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
Full charge taken of property.
ETOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTT.
California, Nevada, Arizona, Mexico stock
ranches for their value for grazing — vast tracts
suitable for subdivision and colonization. Val-
uable not alone for grazing, but for Umber, ag-
riculture, oil. minerals or town sites. We have
many tracts where frost never occurs. We
have many valuable pasture lands where grasa
cattle are fat In April, when beef commands
the highest price.
We have business property that will pay 6
per cent net on cost for five or ten years' lease.
We have residences, up to date, In the land of
the lemon, orange, sunshine, fruit and flowers.
We have many beautiful orchard homes In
the famed Santa Clara Valley, near the Garden
City of California. Good dairy • and alfalfa
ranches. - .
We can offer a Mexican grant that will sup-
port 10,000 bead of cattle for only $50,000.
CHARLES W COE & CO.,
Real Estate, Cattle and Loans,
78-79 Auzerais Bldg., San Jose, Cal.
$7,000—22 ACRES bottom land, 4% , acres
peaches. 11 acres prunes, all 5 years
old; fine 2-story house, barn and out'
buildings.
$5,400 — 60 acres land. 15 acres grapes. bear-
Ing- 10 acres hay land, balance pasture;
2- story dwelling, barn and outbuildings.
$1,600 — 12 acres land. 6 acres grapes; house
and barn; fine for chickens.
$20,000 — 50 acres land; 20 acros grapes, bear-
ing; fruit and hay; fine 2-story dwell-
ing barn, windmill and tank; average
income 4 years $3926.
$7,500—25 acres land. 6% acres peaches, 4U
pears, 1% prunes, 3 grapes; fine dwell -
• Ing, barn and outbuildings.
$3,600 — to acres bottom land, 4 acres peaches,
¦ 4 acres prunes; 5 years old.
For further Information address
J. O. HICKS, Agent. Healdsburg. Cal.
A HOME, indeed — 110 acres in the famous or-
chard aectioa of the Western slope, Pajaro
Valley, within 3 miles of S. P. R. R. ; 25
acres la apples, 10 In apricots, 15 in French
prunes. 2 In Bartlett pears, 1 in cherries, 11
acres' full vines; good house, win-
ery, barn, fruit house, stock sheds; water
piped to all buildings from a live spring.
GAFFEY & MAHON,
505 California st
JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market st
$2000 — 40 acres. 25 acres cultivated; 3 acres
vines, 2 acres orchard. 20 acres hay and
corn, balance wood; 4-room house; barn 2
wells.
$3500 — *% acres la vegetables and berries;
good well for Irrigation, gasoline engine, cen-
trifugal pump; 2 dwelling-houses; barn; all
fenced; In city limits; H mile to station;
San Mateo County.
$1600 — 160. acres; 10 acres orchard, balance
pasture; oak and pine timber; good spring-
plenty water year round; good soil for
grapes; house, cellar; corrals. ¦¦ '
$1000 — 40 acres; 5 acres clear; balance wood;
good house; stable; cheap.
BEAUTIFUL home In Santa Cruz mountains-
• 100 acres, 90 under cultivation; flrst-claes
dwelling; barn of 100 tona bay capacity; 20
acres French prunes; situated among re-
spectable, ¦ prosperous people; 2 schools and
postofflce close by;. within few miles of cele-
- brated State park," Big Basin; cheap for
cash, or will trade for Berkeley or city
property. For particulars apply to " >-.
GAFFEY St MAHON. ¦¦
.-. '- 605 California st
$1700—1150 . CASH, balance on long time, will
. buy improved mountain farm . oT~T50 acres,
near station and two hours from city; great
opportunity for man of good habits and
• willing. Owner, 309 Hearst building.
1400 ACRES at $6 60 per acre; only 90 miles
from San Francisco; to close-up an estate-
eee owuer daily at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
INGE, 108 Jessie st, San Francisco.
320 ACRES; farm, fruit, stock ranch. Lake Co
only $2 50 per acre. 10 per cent cash on
choice Santa Clara • Valley land; tracts i to
suit you. Box 1680. Call. . ; ,
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm. .
$200 profit per annum per acre. '
Write- for booklet."? It's 'free 603 J st -
WRIGHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento, Cal.
BAN MATEO SAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCB
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
- We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. ! Don't fall
to see us before buying. Investigate | San
Mateo Park. The Ideal property of them all.
Lots . of about . one acre each. Easy terms.
Bound to be most valuable. See our local
agent Frank S. Grummon. Saa Mateo office
op«a Sundays.
BALDWIN A HOWELL. 2S Post st.
— • ¦
SAN MATEO. ~ BURLINGAME.
Best suburban homes near San Francisco; no
ferry; electric railroad now running; lots and
residences "for sale; we can sell good lots as
low as $500 each; we will be glad to show
them; we also have some acreage land near
by as low as $100 to $20O per acre.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st, San Francisco.
Resident agent, S. G. GOODHUE, Western
Union Telegraph building, San Mateo.
POIXT RICHMOND REAL ESTATH.
POINT RICHMOND.
, BUY A LOT THERE NOW.
$0 PER MONTH.
MILLIONS OF DOLLARS INVESTED HERE.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR sale or exchange for Berkeley or Alameda
property; must be near station; lot 60x112 in
Santa Fe townslte; - good business location.
HARRY MEIRAN, 123 Hartford st. ¦
HOUSE and lot; coat $2760; want lots or few
acres part exchange. Box 1716. Call office.
K.BAL ESTATE! TO EXCHANGE.
$10,000 — AN elegant residence In I Berkeley;
good location; eight large rooms; large
floored basement and attic; two fine
baths; six elegant mantels; running
water In bedrooms; spacious grounds ;
sightly corner; in fine condition; will ex-
change on fair terms for good farm or
ouburban property.'
/W. R. ELLIS & CO., 2150 Shattuck ave.,
Berkeley, Cal. Phone North 92. ,.
A NICE HOME IN LOS GATOS.
Four-room house, barn, lot 70x365, to ex-
change for lots or land In Alameda County.
P. C. LASSEN & CO., 466 Tenth st, Oak-
land, Cal.
EXCHANGE— California fruit ranch; 40 acres;
peaches and plums; want Eastern farm.
FAWCETT & CO., Whittier, Cal.
160 ACRES southeastern part of Monterey
County. FREDERICK. 3739 Seventeenth at.
160- ACRE improved farm, Illinois, price $0000,
for California property. Box 1449, Call office.
WANTED — Mission residence, about 8 rooms;
about $4000. WM. JONES. 411 Franklin st.
HEAL ESTATE WAJVTJEP.
WANTED — Unimproved corner lots; send de-
scription -and price to following address;
agents will be protected: W. G. HIND, ar-
chitect 26 Montgomery st.
WANTED— To . purchase -a house of 7 or 8
rooms; price $4000 to $5000; state location
and price. Purchasers, box 1709. Call. .
WANTED — A lot on or near car line; price not
over $1000 cash. Box 1314. Call office. :.
ALAMEDA ADVEETIS'MENTS
ALAMEDA . REAL ESTATM.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO."
A BARGAIN.
$2400 — Modern 2 flats, 5 rooms, bath, laun-
dry each; fruit trees; rents for $27; one block
from station. » ':•.?.:.*¦•¦ .:¦¦¦.
; TWO GREAT i BARGAINS. ' )
Cottage of 7. rooms, bath; lot 68x150; drive-
way, barn fruit trees and flowers; - $3750. -
Cottage, 8 rooms, bath; lot 75x150; driveway,
barn, fruit trees, flowers; $4500. a
Cottage. 5 rooms, • bath; lot 26x100; windmill
and tank; $900..
Cottage, 5 rooms; lot 50x140; $1200.
Cottage, 6 rooms and bath; lot 26x100; $1200.
Cottage, 4 rooms; lot 26x150; , fllOO. v
Two new houses, 8 rooms and bath; one oa
corner. $4250; other at $3600.
Lots In all parts of Alameda.
CHARLES ADAMS * CO..
Bay Station, ; "Alameda. ¦¦ »- Phone 6852.* ] ¦:¦•. ;¦
E. D. JUDD COMPANY.' ' -;'.¦¦ •¦
Leading Real Estate Dealers - "i^
1424 Park St. Alameda,- Cal.
$1500 — 6-room houae: large lot; Park . st
$1800— 6-room cottage ; lot 25x100; , Alameda
. ¦ ave. -•¦ -¦ '»-'.•"¦ >¦-' ¦"•*V- ¦" "-¦¦¦•¦--
$2000 — 6-room cottage and furniture complete;
; great bargain; Alameda ave.- " , ; ,
$2500 — 6-room cottage; lot 60x130; ' windmill
:'' " and ; tank ; good location.
$2800 — New 8-room modern house;, lot 60x160;
near, station. / : ., .-... ¦;
$3000 — New shingled 7-room house;. lot 60x160;
.'• fine marine view.' , ' . '• ;
$3500— New, modern 8-room house; lot 60x160;
. ." ' good bargain. '-< * : " ¦ ¦
$0000— 11 -room modern ; house; lot ¦ 100x150;
. must be sold; bargain. \
ments:. large lot; central location.
Handsome properties In beautiful Alameda.
Bee my list. . ;
The band wagon Is headed for Alameda.
Are you on? . JOHNSON. 1501 Park st
$1600— HOUSE of 5 rooms and bath; 2 lots,
.50x150 each; fruit trees and berries In bear-
Ing; also garden; fine location. Call or write
to E. M. YOUNG, on Olive ave.. between
Jones and Bay View aves., Alameda.
FOR saler-$2650; beautiful 6-room modern cot-
tage: Just completed; large lot. J. H.
YOUNG. 1243 Park St. . - .
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
BEAUTIFULLY furnished residence, 7 rooms
and bath: situated on northest corner on
Clinton ave., near Chestnut st station; to
responsible parties for one year; rent $75.
Apply to F. B. SURRYHNE, 138 Montgom-
ery at
POR rent — Furnished house of 6 rooms and
bath/ Apply 838 Santa Clara ave.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVEBT'S'M'NTS
REAL ESTATE. "
JUSTER & BAIRD,
$1,600— A nice C-room cottage near the Key
Route; lot 86x110; worth seeing-.
$1,800 — Six-room house; lot 40x125; in a good
convenient locality that is rapidly build-
ing up; will increase in value.
$1,850— Cozy little 5-room cottage within easy
distance to station; terms easy.
$2,550— Pretty, little 5-room cottage In South
Berkeley; must be sold; terms easy.
$3,150 — A 6-room cottage in one of the choicest
locations In town; price Includes furni-
ture. ¦ j
$3,250— Dainty little 6-room house in a fine
locality; beautiful view; convenient
$3,750 — A beautiful 5-room cottage near the
Key Route terminus; this is the most
charming place that we list, and well
worth investigating by any one desiring
a small borne; lot 60x135.
$3,750 — An 8-room house - close to Berkeley
station; south frontage; a cheap buy.
$4,000 — Ftne 8-roora house with barn: lot 100
xl35; an elegant place for children.
$5,500 — Beautiful 8-room house In the Berry
Bangs Tract; elegant locality.
$6,750 — Elegant 9-room house In the Hlllegass
I Tract; lot 60x160: this house was built
for a home regardless of expense, but
for personal reasons must be sold. :
1 $10,000 — Elegant 10- room house * on northwest
corner; beautiful grounds, stable, etc.
$20,000 — One of the most beautiful dwellings In
Berkeley; elegantly sltmated on south-
weat corner; see and be convinced.
$30,000 — Mbgnlflcent 18-room house with . 220
feet frontage; interior beautifully fin-
ished in hardwoods, etc. ;« this is one of
m the finest dwellings on the coast' and
would make an -elegant fraternity house.
Lots in all parts of town for sale.
JUSTER & BAIRD. 2137 SHATTUCK AVE.
BARGAIN — New : 5-room ' cottage;' modern;
convenient to station, school, stores,' church;
large lot ail fenced; price $1660; terms, $100
cosh, balance $16 60 monthly, same as rent.
O: A. RUDOLPH. Lorln. Open Sundays. .
BARGAIN— New 5-rcom bay-window cottage;
; porcelain bath, pantry, .tiled sink, pretty
* mantel, gas and electric lights, , city water,
high basement, brick foundation; fruit trees,
-flower garden. . chicken house; extra large
lot; three blocks to railroad station, both fer-
ries, electric cars, school, church and. stores;
price $2500: terms. $150 cash, balance $20
monthly.' O. A. RyDOLPH, Lorin Station;
open Sundays. . ... ,
SNAP— Almost new 5 - story . cottage; bath,
pantry.' mantel, city ' water, high basement,
electrio lights; lot 50x135; chicken house; full
grown fruit ' trees, ornamental trees; street
work 'done;, cement sidewalks; two blocks to
station, school, stores, church, railroad sta-
tion and • electric cars; ; price $2100; terms,
$300 cash, balance . $18 monthly. • O. ; A. RU-
DOLPH, Lorln; open. Sundays.;..
ARE you coming to "Berkeley? Let me show
you some of my extensive list of houses and
lots; ' all sizes. locations and terms; a few
samples: . ¦-..-¦-,•¦¦..¦. .-.',.-••• . .
$1200— 5-room cottage;, patent toilet; city
water: basement; lot 50x100.
: f $1700 — Modern . cottage; 5 good -rooms;
bath; ¦ floored . basement; brick foundation;
flowers,- etc. ;: lot "37:6x135; one block , from
station. A snap. . ; / ¦-.
• , $2600— Nearly new 2- story colonial house;
8 rooms and bath; street work done; lot 60x
135. ¦ ¦' '-•-* ¦¦¦..- ¦'¦, ¦ . - - '- ' '-. - ¦¦-;
',¦¦'¦ $3600- i Cholce corner lot 45x120; both
' V streets complete; new 2-story colonial house;
7 rooms and bath; paneled dining-room; one
: block to trains.^ -¦¦¦'¦*.. .- ¦..¦..¦-.¦;.:.¦¦.¦•-- ¦¦'
$4000 — New. modern two-story house; 8 well
; appointed spacious i rooms and : bail ; choice;
60-foot lot; close • to trains ; fine location. ;
> - ..'• Opert < Sundays. - - .
H. D. IRWIN, . .
Lorln .Station.- Berkeley. ..
FOR sale-^New ' and nearly ' ne w ' houses '¦ from
$1800 to $20,000; lots from $250 to $7000; we
' ' can sell * you - a desirable - lot 3 " blocks 5 from
' Dwlght- way -atatloa.-aisev' 40x130. for $700:
..will build you a house: to suit on a payment
, of $500 down,> balance monthly; before buy-
ing, give us a call and let us show you our
'extensive list F. H.LAWTON & CO., 2147
. ' -Center sf. ~ •¦ . , ; . '."¦; ..:.-.' " : , -r- ,
fashioned house; gem of a garden; can
be cut ud into 41 large lots and soil at
an Immense profit
$1,000— Fine lot, 50x100, with large 2-story
barn; street work complete; 3 minutes 1
to Ash by station; lot alone worth the
money. . '
$1,400 — Modern '¦ up-to-date 5-room cottage;-
south frontage; near Saa Pablo ave.
C. C. EMSLIE, Ashby Station. Tel. Stuart 709.
$3000— New C-room houae; lot 35x110; street
work complete; only 3 blocks of station;
$500 cash and balance $25 per month,
including interest at 8 per cent.
$2700 — ;New 5-room cottage and high basement;
large lot; street work complete; $700 cash,
balance easy.
$750 for only a short time: 4 lots, 40x120
each. In warm belt of town; one block
of College ave., situated on Cherry st
$2200— 7-room bouse, lot 50x140, near car
line and station; street work 1 complete;
must be sold at once: come and Invests
gate.
MORAN & SWAIN,
2131 Shattuck ave.,
Opp. Berkeley station.
$4000 — A FINE Investment: well-built modern
house. 7 rooms, etc.; now rented under lease
$35 per month net. - . ;
$3550 — A bargain; new home, 7 rooms, etc.;
now rented for $30 net" W. J. MORTIMER &
CO., 2123 Center st., Berkeley.
$450— GOOD lots on Virginia st; 40x135; street
work done. These are , snaps. W. J. MOR-
TIMER & CO., 2123 Center st. Berkeley.
$1250— NEAT cottage of 4 rooms; flowers and
fruit; a, neat little home. ¦ . ..-....-», r.
$450— See that sightly lot In the Twohy
Tract; 50x135; grand view; buy now and let
the town grow to you and profit thereby. W.
J. MORTIMER & CO.. Berkeley. . . . ' .
A FEW SAMPLE BARGAINS.
A nice, 5-room bungalow cottage on Har-
per St.. near Ashby station, (Key route and
S. P.); street , work done: cement sidewalks;
gas; complete and new; $2500; $350 cash, bal-
ance, $25 per month.
Nice, 6-room house, same street, nearly com-
pleted, for $3250.
Nice lots, on Wheeler and Grove sts., ' for
$750 and SS50.
For Berkeley property see STAATS, room
1, 2121% Center st
$1500— NEAT 4-room cottage;modern;near cars.
$1800 — 5 rooms: nice condition; near U. C.
and "Key." . , , , ¦*
$3000 — 6 rooms; modern, new and nice; near
U. C. and "Key."
$3700 — 7 rooms; modern; nearly new; corner
lot; near Dwlght way and Telegraph.
$4500—9 rooms; modern; north of Dwlght,
east of Fulton. ¦. •
' $5000 — 12 rooms: modern: east of Shattuck,
near U. C. and "Key."
$G5C0 — 11 rooms; elegant; up to date; lot 55
xl5S: choice location: east of Telegraph.
LYMAN ALLEN, 2129 Center st, Berkeley. '
NEW 5-room cottage; paneled dining-room,
fireplace, , porcelain bath, 1 etc."; laundry with
stationary washstands, white sink; modern
plumbing all through ; : basement etc.; one
block of station, ; either line; cars at door;
for sale on payments less than rent; Investi-
gate. • -.- ....... .
FRANCIS FERRIER. Real Estate,
2121 Shattuck Ave., opp. BERKELEY . Station.
17000—10 acres In heart of Berkeley.
$7500 — 6 acres; first-class speculation; double
your money In. five years. . . ....
$4200 — House of 13 rooms, near University
of California.
->- ? - J. P. HALE & CO.,
. 1511 Shattuck ave,, North Berkeley.
$12,000—40 LOTS, between Shattuck . ave. and
Telegraph ave. : on carllne;.. high, elegant
ground: only $300 per lot; here la a chance
to double your money; terms easy. ! See W.
" R. ELLIS & CO., 2150 Shattuck ave., Berke-
ley, CaJ.: phone North 92.
$400 EA'CH.
A few more fine lots, 50x100; east of Tele-
graph ave.. close to 2 car lines. ._
$650 each— Lots 44x135; street work all done;
between Shattuck and Telegraph aves.
LITTLE & WOOLSEY.
2110 Shattuck , ave.. Berkeley.
M. P.' W. ALBEE. REAL ESTATE— Large
list homes, residence lots and business prop-
erty ; : also choice: Investment property, pay-
* Ing 6 to 10 per cent net Lowest prices and
satisfaction guaranteed. 2139 • Center . st.
SoTEL^BERKELEY ele^
gantly appointed house is now under a new
' and experienced management . The service Is
first class, the accommodations homelike, the
I treatment of guests courteous, the rates low.
The i hotel Is situated on -, Dwlght , way, one
E block west of the Dwight way station, and Is
I therefore convenient < to both the > Key route
and S. . P. ferry t systems. * - 1 Rates, « per ¦ day.
- I transient, are from | $2 to $3, and per; month
•re $30 to $50, according to apartments. Ban-
quets and .wedding dinners will be served on
. short notice In the most fashionable and de-
lightful manner. All Interested in this an-
. nouncement . are ; Invited to call at the house
and inspect it. Any further Information de-
• sired will be promptly given. •-¦ Tel:' Dana 136.
BERKELEY "COTTAGES .TO, LET.
FOR < RENT— In Berkeley. 4-room cottage ; We
lot; $10. Inquire 1063 Mission st.TS. F. >
INSURANCE
AND '
MONEY TO LOAN.
BRANCH OFFICE FRUITVALEt
$1400.
This Is m. nice three-room cottage, with floos
In basement: convenient to street cars and
bioad guage train to city; let us show this
to you.
$2250.
Here Is a fine bouse, near broad gtiage
triln; five rooms, cove eel lines and open
plumbing; easy terms; call and look at th,s
before buying.
$2100.
New five-room house with all modern Im-
provements, four blocks from local; corner lot;
see us about It
$2250.
New six-room house, two blocks from broad
guage local to city, fronting on Putnam st.
Frultvale; this la offered at leas than lta
value; terms can be arranged to suit pur-
chaser.
$300.
More than three hundred lots for sale in and
about Frultvale; easy terms.
Ranch of 1S.500 acres within 100 miles of
San Francisco for sale; all first-class land,
suitable . for subdivision Into small tracts,
railroad station and navigable river on one
side; will stand fullest Investigation. S r
It represents an apparent profit of one mil-
lion dollars to the man who will subdivide It.
For full particulars call or write to Syndicate
Investment Compaay, Frultvale Station. Cali-
fornia.
Telephone Ash 587. £
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE. »
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 298.
Office, half block from Fruitvale Station. -
$750 — New 3-room cottage; close to locai
train, street cars and fine school; streets sew-
ered; lot 25x105.
$2000 — Modern cottage of 5 rooms and bath:
fruit trees and flowers in great abundance; Sn»
chicken -yard and chicken house: street worlc
all done and sewered; electric lighted; close to
school; on the hills; lot 64x139. *
$1500 — Beautiful bungalow shingled cottaga
of 5 rooms and bath; large pantry; nice garden;
cement walks; street work all done; elect r'o
lighted; street sewered; lot 42x125; close to
street cars and school; one of the best bar-
gains In Frultvale.
$1500 — 4 rooms and bath, high basement cot-
tage; only one year old; lot 50x112; .a very
desirable property and cheap at this price.
$2200— Beautiful cottage of 4 rooms and bath,
high basement, sanitary washtubs; chicken.
hcuse; on the main county road; fine neigh-
borhood; owner" going away; property • offerej
at a sacrifice; lot 75x200; fronting on two
streets; only $450 cash and the balance bank
loan, payable $19 20 per month. .
$3750 — 314 acres of beautiful land, all covered
with fruit trees; large 2-story barn; fine wind-
mill and tank: 7 chicken houses. Incubator,
brooder, brooder-house, about 100 thickens.
horse, wagon, Jersey cow, plow and cultivator
and all kinds oi garden tools; property al! sur-
rounded by a first-class fence; nice creek of
running water passes through the property; an
ideal snot for a poultry ranch; close to th«
cant and fine school; adjoining property land
alone held at $1000 per acre; this Is a bargain.
$75 lots In -the beautiful Rosa Le# Tract:
fine soil; grand view; new homes rapidly goinsc
up; no cold winds or wet fogs and lots only $73
each; $5 down, balance $2 5O per month.
CHAS. F. LEE. 1222 Fruttvale ave.
H. W. DAVIS. Real Estate.
Homes built on easy payments.
Plans furnished.
$850— House, 4 rooms and bath; 3 blocks
from station: payments to suit buyer.
(1400 — Modern cottage. 4 rooms, bath, pan-
try; high basement; 3 blocks from station:
terms to suit buyer. : .
$425 Fine level lot 70x115; on macadamized
street: half block from electric cars and only
a stort walk from station: terms easy.
$250 — A lot In the Deering Tract; right oa
top of the hill: the prettiest spot in FrultvaJe;
see them at once.
$700— Lot 00x120, fronting on Davis st.
Dewing Tract: a bargain.
H. W. DAVIS. Exclusive Agent,
1216 Frultvale ave., Fruitvale.
SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
tel^JcVSMSarf^ttv ______ BMUaBBWHSBVanPSatl
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARS
The terminus of 6-ceat fare. Haywards carej
streets graded and graveled; stone sidewalk* :
depot on tract: lots from $50 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per. month: 15 blocks to local
train; best located property - on Saa Leaadra
road- graded school on tract Apply to 3. a.
AUSTIN 1101 Twenty- third ave.. OaxUad.
FOR sale la Upper Frultvale— Nice home; cozy
-cottage of 4 rooms, pantry, etc., summer
- house, fine vegetable garden, bam and
chicken houses;- one acre of extra good soil;
an - unobstructed view of the bay and ' sur-
rounding suburbs: convenient to electric cars;
price, all. told -$1600. For particulars wriU
Owner. P.' O. box 61. Fruitvale.
FINE suburban home for sale; house of I
rooms and bath: two-story barn and out-
- houses; 1V4 ; acres of land: fine . runnint
stream, "with beautiful shade trees and shrub-
bery; an Ideal home: situated la upper Fruit -
¦ vale: must sell account leaving. -Address N.
SQUYERS. Fmltvale Postof flee. I Cal. . . .
For Additional {Classified Adrmlse^
ments See ri»»Te Forty-Poor, ¦•THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,^SUNDAY, APRIL 17, 190*
44
FRUITVALE ADVRTS'aTNTS
FRUITVAXE REAL ESTATE.
£ATHXR TRACT. BATHER TRACT.
Frultrale Station.
Lots any slse you want; terms to salt: sew-
ert. electrio lights: a beautiful spot; new houses
fur sale en terras. _" 4 __
SALSBURY IS EXCLUSIVE ¦ApENT.
FKUITVALE AVE.. NEAR POSTOFFICB
2-ROOM new house on Bather traot; lot 80x
125- near Fruit val» station: $450.
SALSBURY. Fruitvaie ave.. near P. O.
FOR saJe— Stock of poultry and fruit ranch:
17 acres. 10 acres fruit; cheap rent. F.
LEITHMAN. Lincoln ave.. Dimond.
TWO cottac»» In Fruitvaie. 2 blocks from
etatlon- $100 down, balance in small monthly
psyments. 324 Cart Eighth st.. E. Oakland.
oaklam) ADrrsarxTS.
OFFICE, 1118 3EOADWAY.
OAJHULA-M) REAL gBTATB.
HOLCOMB. BREED A BANCROFT. Ins..
1060 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
UNIMPROVED.
$376— 40x120; elevated lot; street work com-
plete; ciose to schools, cars. eto.
I— T.
$500—100x133; cloee to Santa Fe station and
San Pabia av».; will soon be worth $1000.
ICOV— 50x200: str*«t work compete: close to
fanta. Fe and Ean Pablo trains; worth
$1000.
$700— 80x100; vtry eightly location la Linda
Vista Terrace district: street work com-
plete; o&» block to Oakland ave. car*;
f.ce view and eurroucfiings.
1067
1 1000— 33:4x122; on Vemon st-. Adams Point
district; street work complete.
H820— £2x100; en Summit st.; sightly lot: «le-
nr.t surrour.fiinrs : very choice bargain.
QAKLANDADVERTISEMENTS
OAJCLAKP REAL ESTATE.
REAI, ES^K^Nb^K
Member of the Oakland Real Estate Asso-
ciation. 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
$3000— Beautiful Linda Vista bungalow cot-
tage; new; 6 rooms, bath, gas.; finely fin-
ished; close to cars and trains: owner go-
Ing away; on eaey terms; Including new
v carpets. ¦ ,<-.;-.
$2800— New colonial houee of 6 rooms: bath.
cas and electricity; finely frescoed; dose
to cars and trains to San Francisco; this
Is a rare chance for a bargain; close to
Grove street; centrally located.
$100 down, balnnce monthly— -6 rooms, bath;
double parlor*, high basement: brick
foundation; sunny side of street; S blocks
from local station; within 10 minutes'
walk cf Broadway; full price S1750.
HERE IS A RARE CHANCE. * ,
A home. Just completed, never occupied, con-
taining 8 large roome: expensive mantel,
open plumbing; high basement; very sun-
ny: lawn and etcne walks, etc: near San
Pablo ave. ; $500 cash down will buy it.
BAN PABLO AVE— CHOICE BUSINESS
PROPERTY. \
Let ret far out on San Pablo ava>: ln a good
local business center; 25x128; with old Im-
provements that can be remodeled to good
advantage; look this up If you want a
snap oa tbe best prospective buslncsi
street ln Oakland.
$8000— New 6-room colonial style house. In-
cluding new carpets; cloee to Grove tt.,
and easy walking distance of town; on
terms; $500 down, $25 per month on flat
loan.
$?000— 3 blocks from Ean Pablo and 19th st.;
9 rooms; porcelain bath; parlors finished
¦ ln curly redwood; lot 85x100; on terms of
'• $7C0 down, $30 per month.
$3750 — 4 blocks frcm Broadway, on 10th et. :
7 rooms and bath; gas; double parlors;
lot 60x100; opposite Lincoln Park.
$3000 — Cottage of 3 rooms: lot S0xl2S; on Ban
Pablo ave.; A ENAP; Investigate.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEmOTS
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATB.
; ~-
HERB IB A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS.
( BU6INEJ3 LOT ON PARK ST.. 60x100; A
! SACRIFICE. ;..-• -."
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR STATION; BAR-
; GAINS. LARGE LIST OF REALTY.
1 FOR EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO
' REAL ESTATE — A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN BEST LOCALITY. ~V" :
j A FEW SAMPLES OF MY EXTENSIVE LIST
$1000— 5-room. lH-«ory cottage; lot 25x101;
terms.
$1000— 5-room. I-«tory cottage; lot 26x100;
terms.
$1400— 5-room. 1-story cottage; lot 26x100;
terms.
. $1750— 5-room. 1-story cottage; lot 30x103: one-
quarter cash.
$2150— 7-room. 1-story cottage; lot 54x150;
• $500 cash.
$2160— 6-room. 1-story cottage; lot 40x118; one-
half cash.
I $2300 — 6-room. 1-story cottage; lot 60x150; one-
half cash.
[ $3100 — 7-room, 1-story cottage; lot 60x100; one-
quarter cash.
, S42&0 — 9 rooms: extra bargain; lot 60x267; fine
location; $1000 down, balance terms.
A HOME FOR 'EVERYBODY.
Here Is a houee that must be seen to be
\ appreciated; lot 60x267; near Mastlck station:
; modern 9- room house; large conservatory, fine
grounds, fruit treea, stable, chicken-house, etc.,
; at a sacrifice.
i I am now building several 6-room cottages.
• Will be sold on terms. Come and see them.
A modern cottage of 7 rooms; lot 65x150,
; with adjoining lot 45x160; containing flne fruit
; trees; sold as a whole or ln subdivisions; 6
minutes' walk from either broad or narrow
gauge.
FOR^ALB ON EASY TERMS
FOR SO DAYS.
OAKLAND RE At ESTATE.
'¦ FRANK P.'LEE,
811 Broadway, Oakland. '
$3250— Fine, modern, 8 rooms, gas and coal
grates, artistic design and finish; ad-
joins Linda Vista, half block to car. 10
minutes to- business center; flne ; home;
immediate possession.
$4<50 — Built for a hom« two years ago; first
class In every respect; 7 rooms, cemented
basement; sunny— side street: close to
Telegraph ave. and local trains.
$2000— In West Oakland: substantial . 2-storv.
double bay-window, 7 rooms; new plumb-
lng.l porcelain bath; all In • good order;
• lot 25xS5: enai> for railroad man; im-
mediate possession. ¦
$1700— New 5-room cottage; porcelain bath and
sink, laundry, sunny side; lot 80x120; near
Piedmont ave. and new, Key route station
soon to be.
$23*0 — Fine cottage, 5 large rooms and bath,
2 rooms finished in basement for kitchen
and dining-room: lot 40x150; desirably
located in East Oakland.
$5400 — H«,t_ investment ln Oakland for tha
money; 2 flats, built 4 years. 7 rooms,
bath, laundry and basement each; gas and
..v .electric lighting; situated between Tele-
graph ave. and Grove . st. ; close to busi-
ness center and local trains; steady ten-
ants at $54 per month or $648 per year;
. pays 12 per cent. -
FRANK P. LEE.
911 Broadway. Oakland.
$3500— SEVEN-room, modern house ln East
Oakland; let COxlDO; sightly location; on E.
Twenty-second, near Twenty-fourth, ave.
Two sunny, well-built cottages, near Clinton
station; will sell one cr both on easy terms;
let us give you the particulars.
$4S00— Modern 8-room house: lot 40x175:
beautifully located, near Twenty-seventh Bt.
and Telegraph ave.
$2S00— New. well-built house, right up to
date; "Blackstone Hill"; lot 33x125; a choice
home for the price. '
$2100— 6-room cottage; 65-foot lot; nrtr 85th
st. and San Pablo ave. ; a good buy for either
home or Investment. '
$900 — 4-room cottage; 40-foot lot; near new
ferry line.
61x-room cottage on Webster St.. above 14th;
very choice location; terms if desired.
If you w1«h to nell your nroperty call on us.
| / ' HURCH SERVUES-— Continued.
FIRST Baotlst Church.' 320 Eddy st., Rev..L.
P. Russell, pastor— Preaching. Topics: 11
. a. m.. "Tbe Christian's Highest Privilege.^
7.30 p. m.. "The Ever Returning Question.
Bible School 12 :30 p. m. Christian Endeavor
v «:30 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday, < :45
P- m. All Invited. Seats free. :
FIRST Church of Christ Scientist, • Central
block. 223 Sutter st bet • Kearny and Grant I
ave. — Christian Science service at 11 a. m.:
subject of lesson- sermon. "Probation After
Death." Sunday school for. children at the
same hour;. Wednesday evening meeting at
8 o'clock;-. free -reading-room. 206 Kearny
. st... rooms 509-510; all are welcome. ___v_^
"A BARREL* oTsoys" will be the subject of an
-illustrated talk by Mr. H. J. McCoy, at the
Young. Men's Christian Association audito- |
rium. Mason " and Ellis st#, this (Sunday)
afternoon at 3 o'clock.'- A large number of
views will be thrown upon the screen by
means of the stereopticon. There will be
special music and all seats in the hall will
be free to young men and boys over twelve
j years of age. This will be a great meeting.
CHURCH of the New Thought— Services ln
- Franklin Hall. Fillmore St.. .between Sutter
and Bush, every- Sunday evening at 8
o'clock. Rev. Henry Victor Morgan will
speak this evening on "The Law of Attrac-
tion.". During the social hour Miss Ellsa
Pittsinger will recite her celebrated poem,
"The Song of the Soul Victorious." A cor-
dial invitation to all interested in attaining
health and happiness to attend these ser-
vices.
THE Theoeophical Society— Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott. president-founder. Headquarters,
Academy of Sciences building. Public lec-
ture in main hall at 8 p. m. by Miss J. C
Brodle. Subject. "Conquering Our Ene-
mies.' Lotus Group, 11 a. m. Study class,
• Thursday. 2:30 p. m.
THE People's Church meets every Sunday
.evening at 8 o'clock in Elks Hall, 223 Sutter
et. Subject this evening, "Relation of New
Thought to Other Religions." Pastor, Mrs.
Anna L. Glllescle, residence 1101 O'Farrell
st. .
ANNUAL conference of the Church of Jesus
Christ of Latter Day Saints of the Cali-
. fornla Mission convenes to-day In the K. of
P. Hall, 900 Market St., at 10 a. m., 2 and
8 p. m. . Strangers and friends Invited.
AGEXTS WANTED^-Contlhaed.
¦ _ _ __ _ _ .'.:..^^ M — — — M— SW— MM—
ONE man each unoccupied State • with refer-
ences & few hundred dollars secures twelve
years' business; selling . only article of its
-kind In world, protected by four f patents.
HULL. 154 East 23d st.. New York.
$100 PROFIT for $3 50— Agents 'or
wonderful fortune; chewing gum ft 1oa« "le"".
machine; send self-addressed for
particulars. T. H. SHERBORNE. 23 South
Third st.., Philadelphia. Pa. ..- - ;
NATURAL diamonds: 'puzzle «P« rt f;. "!*,"*
every test; our pocket outfit «t»rw >ou
write to-day for catalogue. CHAPMAis
TOWER CO., Onelda. N. Y. ;
BEGIN business for yo««elf; stop working for
others: we start you ln profitable mail-order
business at your home: Immense profits. Full
Information for stamp. FRANKLIN -HOW-
ARD CO.. Denver. Colo. ;
AGENTS— $500 per month made by « e "l°f
Stransky's patent for making smokeless «£»
powder at 10c per pound; cul »f" K f r n"
J. A. STRANSKY. box 200. Pukwana. S. P.
AGENTS— An agency for a ProP?. 5 "' 0 "
a decided Improvement on building a ni loan
Is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company. Parrott building.
$85 WEEKLY sure selling patents; free satn-
pl«s guaranteed agents answering this i ea-
vertlsement. BRAHAM. 1117. Cincinnati. O.
AGENTS— Make $10,000 a year lnm«jl ° rd *
business; particulars free. SWETT. 310
Royal - Insurance Building. Chicago.
AGENTS— To Introduce Peerless R e , med ' t *ViTiI
plan wins; big profits; write quick. Peerless
Drug Co.. Uttle Rock.. Ark. "
AGENTS ln each county to esll "Family Memo-
rials"/; good profit: steady- work. CAMPBELL.
& CO.. 181 A St.. Elgin. 111. • ¦ ;
AGENTS— Make your own goods: employ other
agents; illustrated book fre». Mixers Guide,
Fort Madison. Iowa. .__ ¦ -¦
WANTED— Circular distributers; cash paid;
send stamp. American Distributer. Denver.
SIMPLEX OH Burner: best fire on «*rth;
agents wanted everywhere. 617 Market, a. * .
AGENT for gas burner guaranteed to prevent
asphyxiation. 397 Bush st. 3:30 Monday.
BUsiXEiS CHA5CES--go»tl»«««.
. JnvestmeSt from $10O to $50,000; <£«»£»"-
ness opportunity that passes "rough our of-
fice must stand the closest investigation, and
we can place you In a store, factory, hotel,
ml! "office? or. In fact, any brines, yoa
GERMA^A 1XVESTCO.;WT Market rt.
A— BANK AND COMMERCIAL references.
OERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
?'-">,- A GOOD OPENING .
For a- young man who can Invest $500 la *
high-class real estate office and fill position
of cashier: experience not necessary: Invest-
ment secured and $20 w « ekl yjf u * rante > ed -,
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A-WE WILL FlTWIgHTOUABaND.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market st.
A— SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTATION.
A A S bu^°m£rwbo can I-^Jgg.^
with services, can secure good opening with
ffgBSftSlTy^&EcK: *.
A-WE CAN FURNISH *OU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A— HOTEL. FOR SALE. *•,-,».?,«•
New and modern; 80 rooms: richly fnrBJiheA,
complete and ready for ©«?Pf Ilcy ;'A r f r ',Ji 1 i l ;
ing-room with 18 tables and * m P° rte< * YJ*D£*
chairs: tbe best carpets money can buy
?£ro^ghout: finest linen •?^ b * 3t ,« 11 t VI n ! er -
•Ser^«i o n,^me^/|o^y.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
Caaital stock, $50,000.
927 Market St., rooms 821. 322. 823. 33*.
A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS r^VESTMENTS.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 827 Market *.
A— 2 PER CENT MONTHLY
. On Investments of $100 and uoward:n» g«t-
rlch-qulck" swindle or gambling schem». out
a reputable business estab. 3 years la S. F.
GERMANIA. INVEST CO.. ft27 Market st.
— B. I
IMPROVED.
t2TK>. . *27S0.
Rwm, 7 room*, bath, laundry, etc.. on
NW. ccr.; ciose to business center.
schools, cars, etc; owner wishes to sell,
even at a sacrifice.
TO C.LOSE AN ESTATE.
Pffer wanted on an elegant 9-rootn house,
which must b« sold; must be eeen to ap-
preciate; en WebFter st. and close to local
trains. schoo:i* etc.; ret particulars at
office.
|3750 JUST BEING BUILT. $3750.
A Ewlss bungalow containing on first
floor reception hall, parlor, dining-room.
library or den. kitchen, pantries, etc.:
¦uprtalrs. 3 bedrooms, bath, with all tht
m«lern fixture*: 2 toilets: gas and elec-
tric lighting; the tinting and mantels can
be. tsa£e to eult taste of the purchaser;
this croDTty is within e/asy walking <J!s-
tasce cf 14th and Broadway.
t B. 1
§4000 — In course of construction; colonial nous*,
of 8 rooms: first floor, parlor, living room.
<!1n!ng-room, kitchen, pantries ana two
closeta ard toilet: second floor, 4 bed-
rooms, eleeant bath and toilet arrange-
ments; open plumbing; cas and electric
ItCBtl&r: large lot; sunny exposure; ln
Oak'acd'F finest refldenc* section; close
to Broad wiy £nd Telegraph ave. See
r'.ens at office.
B. 2
«.".'¦;¦> — Beautiful home of 6 ronms an4 bath:
lot 40x100; flne terrace; cne block from
Broadway and COUvenlfjBt to school. This
property worth $3erxi. Must sell at sac-
rifice on account of leavinr town.
HOLCOMB. BR.KED & BANCROFT. Inc..
1O60 Broadw-sy. Oakland. Cal.
JAS. E. NAIEMITH,
riEAL ESTATE BROKER AND DEALER,
63» THIRTEENTH ST.
SCIOO will buy a f.ne larre two -story house of
*even rocms. bathroom, high basement, on
the be«t Dart of Hamilton Terrace; this
is walking: distant from downtown: place
is well »orth $3500, when compared with
what 1* bclr.r asked for ether places; see
this.
$3730 will give you your cho'ee o* two flne
elerant f.nliTwd ho-raes between Telegraph
avenue and Grove etreet: good sized lots;
houses Just finished aDd are thoroughly
well built: easy terms can be arranged If
desired.
13260 — This i» a fine rew colonial house, close
to Grove St.. of tevn trood rooms; house
is corrolete ln every respect and is Just
„ the houee you would build for yourself,
and just as srcxJ. but you sre saved the
trouble and annoyance of looklnc after
$2000 — Brand trw Gothic style house; € rooms;
porce!aln bath; flne location; sunny side,
cloee to Grove et.
JI00O — 10 rooms, bath; lot 37:8x125; fine loca-
tion: close to trains and cars; suitable for
2 fiats; a snap; easy terms.
S25C0— Eastlake cottage: 6 rooms, bath; double
parlors, gas, tiled sink; lot 46x150; 2
blocks from train to San Francisco. 1
block from Telegraph ave.: this is a very
cozy place and built by the owner; terms
cash.
GEORGE W. AUSTIN.
Real Estate Agent and Dealer.
Member oT the Oakland Real Estate Atso-
clatlon. 10fi2 Broadway. Oakland.
HARRY U. HOLCOMB-S. S14 San Pablo ar».
GENUINE BARGAINS — SPLENDID BUYS.
HOMES.
$3,000— Worth $400;); cottage; large; 6 rooms;
ft able; fruit trees; chicken house; lOOx
120; strictly modern; see photos; snap:
Fruitvaie.
$1,650— Neat cottase: barn: fruit trees;
shrubbery; 40x120; Piedmont, near Key
route depot site: discount for cash.
$4,600— A beautjy 2 story; large terraced site;
fine surroundings; absolutely "sun all
day" exposure; terms.
S8.200— Massive: strictly modern; colonial
cottape; lot 40 feet: Ideal situation; near
Telegraph Key route; terms. .
33.250 — Value SSOCO; Swiss modern: 2 story:
unique: a spacious rooms: fireplaces:
large lot: highly Improved, giving a
manor effect; on heights; elite neigh-
borhood; terms.
$8.750 — Crown hill: corner: 70x125; with solid
»-room residence and summer house;
fnilt trees; shrubbery: porches; excep-
tional neighborhood: terms.
$12.000 — Value S15.OOO: Lakeside homestead;
etable; genuine buy; big future value;
might exchange fcr country villa.
$15,«W — Value f20,000; magnificent: 14 roome;
rtable: spacious grounds; 20th century
finish: Inspiring elevation: rare offering.
$5.250— Value $7000: Ideal Fruitvaie "to or-
der" home; large: 75x160: all in Al or-
<!er: direct to S. F. ?3 per month. (P.
6. — Children's riaradlse.)
UNIMPROVED.
$750 to $1200 — In Roosevelt Terrace: close
to Telegraph ave. Key route; finest re-
strictive property In city; $25,000 worth
of homes already erected.
$450 — 40x131; elevated: all work done; cars
pass.
$600 — Large: terraced: all work done; ln-
splrtnr view.
5675 — 60- foot; high corner: all work done;
cars pass. -
$1,850—50x128; worth $2500; magnificent
view; elite surrounfllngs: snap.
$2,000 — 145- foot gore; 2 blocks to Key route
and Santa Fe depots: big snap.
See HARRY L. HOLCOMB. 314 Ean Pablo ave.
$60 DOWN. BALANCE TO SUIT.
r. ¦':'¦- : 32 lots.
¦ S3: 4x1 25 TO 35x1*6.
PART OF SO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FROM SIXTH-ST. STATION.
THIRTY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO.
HALF BLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL.
TWO BLOCKS FROM CAR LINE.
APPLY TO A. R. DENKE.
1400 WEBSTER ST.. ALAMEDA.
LAYMANCE REAL BSTATE CO.,
4G0-462 Eighth st..
Oakland. Cal.
$40,000 — Improved business corner cloea to
Broadway; 100x100; will double ln value;
bargain.
$25,000^ — Cost $53,000; magnificent mansion;
superb location, grounds and view; extra
sacrifice.
$15,000 — Kruitvale's handsomest home; choicest
location; never before -offered; 10 rooms
all furnished.
$10,000— Cost S1S.00O; handsome, modern,
corner 12-room residence; choicest cen-
tral location; sacrifice.
$8,000 — Foreclosure sale; must sell; 9 rooms;
50x100; 4 blocks of Broadway; 11-story
block. I
$6.500 — Beautiful Oakland Heights; cozy P-
room; specially built for two; pretty
home.
$1,250 — Would cost a great deal more; pretty
tower, 7-room, corner; neat- Broadway.
$3,250 — Special bargain; worth S5000; 7-room
Queen Anne cottage; corner; 70x100;
choice location.
$3,250 — Offer considered: pretty 7-room cottage
near Fourteenth and Filbert sts.
$2,450 — Eighth and Center; neat 0-room home;
30xlG5: gas fixtures, mantle, porcelain
bath, cement basement.
$3,850 — 1 acres (36 lots) fronting San Leandro
electric road; has modern store, flat;
building Insured for $2500; flat mort-
KH*e J210o; must be sold; bargain for
right party. .
$2,000 — Piedmont: modern 6-room cottage: 60x
105; near cars and beautiful Linda Vista.
$1,800 — Modern 6-room cottage: 37>3Xll5; ele-
vated; East Oakland warm district;
worth $2500.
$1,600— Bargain; cottage, 5 rooms; stable; 100x
115: etreet work complete; near new
¦ ferry.
$1,100 — Piedmont; near new ferry and school;
hard finished- cottage; 40x145; cheap
home.
$S50 — Not a palace, but good value; 7 rooms;
37^x115; mortgage sale. -
LOTS.
$100 foot — One of the finest corners left;
close In on Telegraph ave: 95x100.
$45 foot (worth $70)— If sold Immediately;
choicest 30 feet ln Linda Vista.
$300 — Three line lots; Seminary ave.; estate
forcing a sacrifice.
F. F. PORTER, 466 Eighth st.
Real Estate — Insurance^ — Loans.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
ADELINE, S71. cor. Elchth — 2 sunny house-
keeping rooms to rent, $14; also ethers.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALR.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains ln funU-
ture II. Srhelhaas.llth »t..cor,Btore.Oakland.
MILL VALLEY ADV'BT'S'M'TS
M ILL i VA LLE Y REAL ESTATE.
SELLING FAST. . .
SELLING FAST.
100 LOTS SOLD UP TO DATE.
Large new subdivision at the station of Mill
Valley; 40 acres ln large lots, in the very cen-
ter of the valley none of which are less than
60x120; prices range from $400 to $800; terms
10 per cent cash, balance $10 monthly; grand
home sites amid pleasant surroundings; beau-
tiful view of mountains and the bay: the cli-
mate unequal «>d; splendid opportunity for an
Investment: land values bound to Increase, as
Mill Valley is rapidly coming to the front;
the new electric road has shortened the time
to 40 minutes from the city; Mill Valley has
all the conveniences of a city; flne eupply of
pure mountain water; good sewerage and
drainage, electric lights, stores, churches and
schools and. in fact, all conveniences; lots
beautifully wooded; send for our new illus-
trated book descriptive of Mill Valley. There
will be several agents on grounds Sunday.
LYON & HOAG. 11^. Montgomery ¦ st.
$5000— AN elegant modern 0-room house; every
convenience; flne view; corner lot; must be
sold' on account of death In family. DR. T.
B. CLIFFORD. ,322Vi Third St., San Fran-
cIeco; phone James 496.
$20CO— IDEAL home. 5 large rooms and bath,
etc.. furnished; large grounds; beautifully
situated; near station; rents $30. P. O. box
130. Mill Valley. . '
FURNISHED house to let. Hillside ave.. 6
rooms and bath; fine location. J. MYERS,
. ,2©1 Sansome st. "
CHURCH SERVICES.
CALIFORNIA Street/ M. E. Church, corner
Broderick and ' California sts. — Morning
service at 11 o'clock. Sermon by the pastor,
Rev. Clarence Reed, on tbe subject of
"Hope." Anthem, -"Seek -Ye the Lord"
(Roberts). Evening service at -7:45 o'clock.
The pastor's discourse will be on "The Mes-
sage of Spring." Chant 4"5; soprano solo,
"With Verdure Clad" (Creation), Miss Louise
Kmlth: violin cello solo, .„, "Largo." (Han-
del),; Donald Forbee: anthem, "No Shadows
Yonder" , (Gaul). . Organ. "A Sabbath
Reverie" (Thayer), "March Mllitalre'.'
(Schubert), J. H. Hallowell organist. All
arc welcome. Seats free.
THE Theosophlcal Society, Odd Fellows' build-
ing — Free public lectures every Sunday at 8
p. m. Subject to-night, "Modern Psy-
chology," -by William H. G. Schulte of San-
ford. Library and reading-room open dally,
_2 to 4 p. m. ¦ -" ,
MEETINGS— SUNDAY.
PROFESSOR FRED P. EVANS, the famous
psychic, known throughout the occult world
as the peer of slate writers; Interviews daily
on all subjects of Interest: business, social or
spiritual. Office 1112 Eddy st., near Octavia;
Phone Scott S37; send stamp for circular.
A— TESTS. 909 Market. 8 p. m.; Father Smith
inspirational lecture; subject. "Man's Prayer
vs. Lord's Prayer." . 2-8, Mr. Wilson, Dr.
' Cowan; 'lOc
ALL skeptics invited to witness MME.
YOUNG'S spirit messages to-ntght, 10c. Mrs.
Seal lectures. 019 McAillster St.: read, daily.
FREE readings this evening. Scottish Hall,
Larkin st. Prof. Perkins, psychic and as-
trologer; private consultation, 1220 Mission.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister, tests every
eve., 10c;read's dally ;Mrs. C J.' Meyer. others.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night, 10c; read-
. Ings daily; developing clr. Sat. 143 Sixth.
MRS.. EBERHARDT. tests to-night, 10c: read-
Ings dally. 3250 22d st.. bet. Mission- Valencia.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat.; 10c: sit. 10 to 6. 148 Sixth st.
MRS. STODDARD. convincing test circles, 10c;
Sunday. Tugs.; readings dally. 278 Ninth.
, gPXDAY LECTURES.
DR. JOHN A. KERGAN'S free lecture th!a
evening. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle. 909
. Market st. Subject, "The Building of
. Strength," followed by views of a visit to
Paris and the Louvre;, free tickets -will be
- distributed for X-ray exhibition at Sanita-
rium Tuesday evening; remember the ques-
tion box; special music.
SYMPOSIUM— ."Life After Death." Review of
previous addresses; 5-mlnute talks on doubts
and assurances. Franklin Hall, Fillmore St.*
between Sutter and Bush, 3:30 p. m. All
Invited.
ARTHUR MORROW LEWIS will lecture to-
. nisht at' 8.- Odd Fellows' building. '-The Case
Against Spiritualism*" A 30 minutes' reply
by Mr. Howe, spiritualist, lecturer. ' Ad. 10c.
PROGRESSIVE' Spiritualists to-night. Odd
Fellows' ' Hall. Seventh and Market sts.
'_:.' . BIEETIKG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, I. O. •' .;»«»,,
O. F. — Initiation TO-MORROW* -r££i|ttMs|ai
(Monday) EVENING. Vlsitors^rSBBSB
cordlallv ffplcnmc "•V?*3SS5* -
AGENTS wanted. Apply by mall, J. 3. KIR-
¦ BY. 1510 Page st. , ¦' -
f AP^BTOBEarsirr wBixnro. _
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarships ln ths best
College of Advertising In the United States.
I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash: the college teaches advertising writ-
ing by correspondence and assists Its grad-
uates to secure positions: catalojrues fur-
nished on application. Address box 3026. Call.
AUTOMOBILES.
FOR BALE— A Pierce rcotorette. little used;
all In good condition; will sell reasonable.
Box S0S7. Call office.
SECOND-HAND automobiles In first-class
shape for sale cheap. Inquire at 20 Golden
Gate ave.; phone Howard 871. . :
GASOLINE automobile, $300; slightly used.
Box 1255. Call office. \
RAMBLER automobile for sale. Box 3035,
Call office.
ATTOKKEYg-AT-LAW.
" "¦"' -ADVICE FREE- ~~ """"
Columbian Law & Coll. Agcy.. r. 83, 918
Market; Dhone John." 6226: open evenings;
transacts at most reasonable rates all legit-
imate law business; bonds furnished in crim-
- inal and civil cases; small collections taken.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for small fee.
See me and save money; no pay In advance.
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Established 22 yrs.: rrns. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5. 1st fl.
1122 Market st.. between Mason and Taylor/
Advice free all matters. .Detectives employed.
R. W. KING. Attorney-at-Law, Exam, bldg..
6th floor, entrance room 611; established 20
years; all c^ses. general court and office prac-
tice: no fee ln advance or for consultation;
' .evenings by aopolntment. Tel. Red 3061.
ADVICE free; divorces, all law cases, costs
advanced. 819 Market St.. rcom 31.
DIVORCE — Costs. $12; quick, quiet; advice
free: open evenings. 927 Market St., rm. 301.
DIVORCE law a specialty: no publicity: advice
free; costs $12. Address B.A.S.. P.O.box 2199.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market St.; consultation
free: no fees in advance: open evenings.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WANTEDyln a Saratoga home, near Congress
Springs- and th« Interurban Railroad. Santa
Clara Valley.-: tbree to:flve children-to board;
refs. exchanged.* -Address box 1748. Call.
AN infant or small child can have perfect
care $10 a month. MRS. RHODA KARS-
TADT, 163 25th ave. ; phone . Geary 3206.
COUPLE would like to take child to board.
Box 13. 1941 Mission st.
A— WE refer to 10.000 successful clients. .
OERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market st.
A^ A SAFE INVESTMENT. ~
$1000 cash and services secure Interest axus
office of treasurer la an lneorporat«<l realty
and Investment company: $150 monthly *s-
¦ sured: highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST CO-. »27 Market st.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR BUSINESS.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
yoa desire additional capital? If so. we can
furnish you with an acttve or « 11 «£j>f rtxl * r
who will invest from $100 to $50,000: we
have a large number of desirable applicants
on cur books seeking good business openings.
GEPwMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A--Lansest brokerage company on Pacific Coast
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
A— THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Northern Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August. 1904.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market st.
DELICATESSEN for sale at a sacrifice: com-
plete ready for business; living rooms In
rear." A. B. SMITH FURNJTURE CO.. 12S-
13S Ellis st. ¦_
HORSESHOEING, general blacksmith shop;
low rent, large shop; stock, tools for sale
cheap; part cash: must sell: owner sick.
Pacific Business Association. 1148 Market st.
A GREAT chance for man and wife to get a
coffee parlor on easy payments: good loca-
tion; finely furnished; trial given; no agents.
Box 1300. Call office. • •
A— $1000: BAKERY and delicacy; clears $130
per month; $25 to $30 cash trade per day:
the best store for sale In the city; cash dr
trade. 2474 Mission st. -. ¦ :¦ .-
FOR sala — Neatly furnished dental parlor, witti
good business: reason for selling party must
leave for the East. Address DR. MICHAEL,
402 Third st. - •
PHYSICIAN with $300 can buy small drug
store, with good practice ln suburb; rare op-
portunity. Box 1289, Call office. '
PARTY to Invest $1000 ln tur? Information bu-
" reau at St. Louis Fair; good proposition to
right party. Address box 1128. Call. S. F.
WANTED — To buy hotel with bar rn country
town; from- 45000 to $10,000. JAMES HO-
GAN. Oakland P. O.
A— $10C0— Partner with cervices; established
pleas, bus. ; mo. income $150. Box 1256. Call.
$1000 OR more earns large dividends; substan-
tial company; no scheme. Box 1290. Call.
$175— FINE corner cigar stand: fin* stock:
good trade: see owner. 118 Third st. •
GERMAN or American partner with $1000;
mfg. business; $200 month. Box 1351, Call.
tn«? r.unarea ana one detail* that you
would have to if you were building.
(2600 — Tfcis » a rood house cf six rooms, close
to Grov* st.. a new house, taken In by
the meterial and supply men. and trlil
be eo!d on very esiry tenr.*: house Is very
comfortable nr.-l Is well worth the money.
XT YOU ARE THINKING OF INVESTING IN
A BOMB IX OAKLAND. DO IT NOW. j
PHOPKKTY WII.L NEVER BE AXV
OHEAPF.R. NOR AS CHEAP. AGAIN i
•"ALL AND BEE ME. HUNDREDS OK
PLACES TO SELECT FROM.
S-';4 THinTEKNTH STREET.
TAYLOR BROS *r CO..
Real Estate, Insurance and Financial Arents.
Telephone Cefiar ZZi. 1236 Broadway.
$1.250 — Cottare cf five rooms, bath, with lot
40x100 It., near Piedmont ave.. close to
Key Route i-tatlcn. 1105
$12000— Will buy sn eirrant corner, C5xJ75
fe*t. on be*t buslners street ln Oakland;
this Is a business site, new well im-
prcveO and Is now renting ror $1320 per
anriurr.; a flne Investment a* It now
elands, but will double ln value ln five
jear*. .- is;
WORTH $65,000.
§45,000 — One hundred fe*-t fronting en Broad-
way, with roo4 builalngs: standing offer
cf flow p»r front foot for property on
adjoining block; this Is an elegant site
for a hotel, or In fact, a first-class but-i-
rt«~M location for any line; property Dot
heretofore offered for sale; circumstances
make it necessary to sell at once; easily
*r>rth 25 per cent more than tbe price
acked and ln five years will double -In
value; we Ere exclusive agents.
TAYLOR BROS &.CO..
r*!--n» Ceaar 251. 1236 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
BUILDERS— ATTENTION !
$15.000— Choice block, suitable fcr sob-
filvislon.
Street sewered, rraded and macadamized:
on car line and In fine neighborhood; this Is
an excellent opportunity to make teveral
thoaeand dollars profit.
$7T.OO — An elegant northwest corner on
Telegraph ave.; within walking distance of
City Hail: frontare of 64 feet: two small
houses now occupy premises; extra choice
for fiats or aoartment hous-.
$S00— Fine lot; 120 feet front by 110 feet
fleep; near San Pablo ave.; worth $1200.
$500— Beautiful building elte ln Boulevard
Height* overlooking the bay; will surely
double In value in two years.
These are a few of our barralns. Give us
a call and we will make it to your advan-
tage.
J. H. MACDONALD & CO..
10S2 Brosdwar. Oakland. Cal.
JEtf ZStS* *%£ aVot^moSrn
convenience,; en the sunny side of a sunny
•treet, 110 feet from the car line. A great
Bargain.
«7B0— Within three blocks of the Key Route
ftrry line; *-room house; v«ry modern «.nii
toeauufulty finished; lot 125 feet deep
$8000— S -room house on lot 40x100 feef street
work all done, sidewalk, la, good bsmre£ry-
Ihlnjr first elase; let us show you this
$8250— Hous*. of 7 rooms, ln the rweil resf.
««nc* section of Oakland; new and complete
Jn every detail; worth your Inspection
,~E J STEWART ICO.,
100S Broadway, Oakland, CaL
$200—9 ROOMS, bath, etc.; stationary tubs-
t mantels; lot 26x100 feet. J lUDt '
$Il&0— 1 room*; high basement! lot 25xl4O
feet; near Twenty-third avenue local train
$3300— New 7-room house; bath, gas 'and
electric light: finely finished in natural wood-
lot 33x115 feel: make an offer. '
f2*fK>— « rooms, bath; all modern and new-
lot 33 1-3x126 feet; fine location.
$1000 — 6 rooms; bath; and lot 40x140 feet.
(16O0 — 6 larre rooms; bath, pantry sta-
tionary tubs; barn and chicken houses. '
13000 — 7 roomn. bath; high basement- all
modem: lot 30x120. . '
$-SM> — S rooms; lot 28x100 feet; barn, etc.-
near 8-cent ferry.
.W. F. O'BANION.
45? Ninth street, . Phone White 85t.
WANTED— Realty Cyneleate 1 per cent certifi-
cates, from $500 to $90,000. Apply R. P.,
Call office. 1118 Broadwar. Oakland.
flees ln Alameda County.
WOODWARD. WATSON * CO.. INC.
1172 BROADWAY, COR. FOURTEENTH.
REAL ESTATE. ,
INSURANCE.
Will bur nice home on fine street, near cars;
ewitalns 7 rooms ana bath and has fine yard
in lawns, berries and fruits; the lot" Is &0xl30
snd on the wunny side of the etreet; see this;
S2C0^.
Fin* 5-room cottage ln Linda Vista district
and only half block frcm cars: at present Is
rented for $25 per month, so It's a good Invest-
ment as well as a good buy for a home.
Elegar.t new 7- room house on 21 et St.. near
Webster; the house Is as well built as money
and care could make It and we Invltejrour In-
spection; terms can be arranged to suit pur-
chaser; see this!!
$CV».
Fine little home near 26th and Broadway; It
Is on the north t!c> of the street and contains
6 rooms and bath; new and modern and ln
good condition; let tis show you this I!
$4250.
Nice, new 7-room house In East Oakland;
near Lake Merrltt; It Is very conveniently ar-
ranged ar>4 in splendid neighborhood, close to
trains and care; se« this before, you buy.
WOODWATtD. WATSON & CO.. INC..
1172 BROADWAY. COR. FOURTEENTH.
' RDAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
P. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
PHONE LAKE 36.
$1350 $1350
THE ONLY 30 - FOOT LOT IN LINDA
VISTA; ALL OTHERS ARE 50 FEKJT OR
OVHR: LOT. 30x125. ON THE HIGHEST
PART OF OAKLAND AVE.; MOST BEAUTI-
FUL PORTION OF THE TRACT: SUR-
ROUNDED BY ELEGANT HOMES: THIS IS
A BARGAIN. AN EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTU-
NITY TO BUY IN A SWELL NEIGHBOR-
HOOD. THIS OFFER FOR MONDAY ONLY.
INVESTORS AND HOME KEEKERS. AT,
TENTION— FOR SALE IN EAST OAK-
LAND. IN ORDER TO CLOSE UP AN
ESTATE. 40 FINE BUILDING LOTS ON
IMPROVED AND UNIMPROVED
H'l'RKKlS. NO REASONABLE OFFEH
WILL BE REFUSED. NO TROUBLE TO
SHOW THE LOTS.
ALBERT SCHMIDT.
1122 13TH AVE., EAST OAKLAND.
SNAP — (2350; 7-room house; lot 60x129; near
car; terms to suit. WILLIAM P. TODD,
.1070 Broadway, Oakland.
Pnap — $4000; worth $6000: near local train.
Enap — $4250: worth $C500; 2 blocks to local
train; $1000 cash; 8 rooms; lot 37%xl50.
WILLIAM P. TODD.
1070 Broadway.
Oakland.
$50 CAPH, $5 monthly: 100x245 ft., covered
with lRime&fle shade trees; sandy loam soli:
Fraud view of bay and surrounding country;
close to main county road; 90 ft. boulevard,
lovely lake of springs, high and dry, near the
foothills, not far from a 3-story schooihouse
and electric cars; an Ideal spot and more
land can be had If desired, adjoining Cast
Oakland; section building up rapidly; price
all told, JSOO. Call or send for circular 455
Seventh St.. opp. Broadway station. Oakland -
carriage free. H. Z. JONES. Land Owner.
10 ACRES of land In suburbs of Oakland- well
located to subdivide and sell lots; electric
cars to tbe property; chance to make $6000-
would exchange for Improved property. E
BIBHOP. 460 Tenth St.. Oakland. Cal.
MUST sell — New bouse, t large rooms; 2 blocks
to cars and "Key" route station, bank, stores,
etc: excellent location. Owner, S59 37th St.,
Oakland. .
$550— Lot. 50 feet; West St., near new ferry
and car lines; bargain.
LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE CO.,
460-462 Eighth St.. ;
6. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway. Oakland. Phone Lake 36.
$1750— A 5-room and bath cottage; large pan-
try: high basement; E. side of 25th ave.,
::, near East 16th St.; lot 25x134; lot ad-
joining. Fame size, can be bought at low
figure If desired; 6 blocks of 23d-ave. sta-
tion and close to streetcar line; owner
needs money, so must sell at once.
$2600 — A good 2- story house. 7 rooms and
modern plumbing; lot 32x100; south
side of 34th St.. near San Pablo ave.;
only a few minutes' walk of San Pablo
station; on new ferry system; owner anx-
ious to sell.
$2700 — A nice cottage of 6 rooms and bath on
north side of 19th st., near Grove St.; lot
27x104; Oakland division of Key route
ferry system within 3 blocks; a few min-
utes' walk of business center of city;
must be sold; good terms.
$3000 — A modern 2-story 7-room and bath
house on west side of Howe st.: 2 blocks
from proposed route of Piedmont division
of new ferry system; Pledmont-ave. car
line one block off; lot 60x130; command-
ing a, fine view of Piedmont hills.
$1300 — A fine lot. 70x125, in Peralta Heights;
overlooking Lake Mcrrltt and Oakland;
owner lives out of. city.
$2600 — Lot 100x100; only vacant lot In block:
north Elde of 33d St., near Grove; will
sell as a whole or ln subdivisions; a
chance to get a fine home place In good
locality.
$55 per foot— A chance to get fine lot, 42:6x
100. on Blackstone Hill; finest resident
district In Oakland; between two streetcar
lines; worth $60 a foot now and will soon
be advanced.
S. M. DODGE Sc SON.
Phone Lake 86. Oakland. 1160 Broadway.
/ :; -'' ; ,"~.. : \ zzn ¦ ¦ ' ' -C'-V-
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
Prominent business corner on Webster st
125x75; now leased; at a sacrifice.
Splendid factory site; on good corner. Third
and Grove; buildings all complete; for sale or
lease. .
Ten-room house on Klrkhamst.. near Eighth,
at less than -cost of Improvements: good renter.
Lot 165x300. with three houses; rents con-
stantly for $•¦» tier month; price reduced to
$35oO; on terms.
/ Lots fronting on San Pablo ave., near Ber-
keley line; street work completed; on $15 per
foot.
Choice lots on Dwlght way, near Sacramento
et.. Berkeley; street work completed; $10 per
¦ f°°t-
Lar.c building lots in North Oakland, near
Golden Gate, from $5 t>er front foot up.
Some extra bargains in vacant' lots near
Key route line.
Call and inspect list before purchasing.
J. J. O'ROURKE, .
Real Estate and Insurance,
460 Tenth st., Oakland.' .
BELDEN'S BARGAINS.
$3250 — Fine 6-room cottage and lot 45x100,
o»» Jones Bt.. near Telegraph ave. ;. very central.
$3100 — Splendid income investment and spec-
ulation; flats in rapidly advancing section; well
rented: will take good lot In part payment.
$2500 — Choice 6-room cottage on Jones st.
near Grove; right in the heart of town; lot
30x100. . .
$2000 — Nice 6-room cottage near Adeline
station; lot 35x115.
$1050 will buy a 7-room cottage and lot
45x133. few blocks from San Pablo ave. and
Key route. BELDEN. Real Estate,'
1112 -Broadway, .Oakland.
• ,- - BARGAIN IN REAL ESTATE?" :
"The guardian of the ¦ estate of MARY A.'
BTARR has filed with the Probate Court (Judge
Greene's department). Oakland. Cal., a petl-
.' tlon for confirmation of sale of the old "STARR
i HOMESTEAD." northwest corner of Seven-
• teenth and Grove sts.. -Oakland — 196 fee* on
Seventeenth st. by 107 :6 • feet . on Grove — for
$12,000; the petition will come up for hr-artng
before Judge Greene, In Oakland.' on "Monday
April 18, at 10 a. m., when any partle*; desir-
Ing to make an advance on said bi<! may be
heard from. ¦'"¦¦'. " • ¦ ".-•" ¦'.'' .- .
HOMES built to suit buyers on the Installment
plan; lots sold on easy payments. -'. p. . j
KELLER. Inquire of owner at office. 464
"Ninth. St., Oakland, or, at residence. Pied-
mont and Monte Vista aves. ¦ - ¦ ¦ :
SIMPSON MEMORIAfTM. E. Church, corner
Hayes and Buchanan sts. — Rev. John
Stephens, the pastor, will preach at 11 a, m.
and 7:30 p. m. Evening sermon on "Christ
Before Pilate, or Pilate Before Christ?" Sun-
day School at 12:.'tt* o. m.,-C. B. Perkins
superintendent. Eoworth League at 0:30
p. m.. Dr. R. O. Moody president. A cor-
dial welcome to all the services of the
church.
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner
Twenty-first and Caop sts.. Rev. F. M."
l.arkin, Pb. D., pastor: residence 31BS
Twenty-first st. — Services 11 a. m. and 7:4ft
p. in. 11 a. m. sermon by the pastor. 7:45
! p. ni., a great union service, led by Evan-
gelist Hush E. Smith. A musical eervice
will precede the address; large chorus choir.
All are invited. - The special services will
continue during the week and close next
Sunday night. .
CENTRAL M. E. Church, Mission St., between
Sixth and Seventh — The pastor. Rev. George
W. White. D.D., will preach at both services
to-day. Sunday school at 12:45, Rolla V.
Watt superintendent. Youns People's meet-
ings at 6:15. Song service "at 7:30, preaching
at 8 In the evening. Seats free. All welcome.
UNITARIAN Church (First), southwest cor-
ner Geary and Franklin sts.. Rev. Brad-
ford Leavltt minister, Rev. Bradford Leavltt
and Rev. C. Ruess superintendents of Sun-
day School — Junior Church and Sunday
School are at 10 o'clock. Sunday servic? Is
at 11 o'clock. Mr. Leavltt will preach. Sub-
ject. ."Denominational Loyalty." Music by
quartet, under direction of H.' Bretherlck,
organist. All 3re cordially Invited. There
Is no evenlner eervice. .
UNITARIAN Church (Second), corner of
Twentieth and Casn sts.. take Mission or
Valencla-st. car, tbe Rev. Jay William
Hudson minister, residence 500 Capo st. —
The Sunday School ' meeta at 9:45 o'clock.
# W. C. Maxwell superintendent. At the
morning service, at . 11 o'clock, the Rev.
Jay William Hudson will preach. Subject,
"An Old Text for the New Time." Evening
service at 7:45 o'clock. Subject. "The Most
. Remarkable Woman In the World's His-
tory." Music by orchestra and choir,, under
the direction of Jablsh .Clement. All .the
seats are free.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post St.,
near Webster— Rev. - I. C. Meserve, D.D..
pastor. Morning ; worship at 11; sermon
theme. "What the Grace of God Can Do for
a Man." Evening worship' at 7:45 p. m.;
topic of address. "Second Witness in the
Great Case of Jesus Christ vs. the World —
Pontius Pilate." Sunday school at 9:30 a.
rn. Y. P. S. C. E.. t»:45 p. m.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Poet and
Mason sts. — Rev. .- George C Adams, D.D.,
pastor. At 11 a. m., sermon by Rev. Ly-
man Abbott, D.D.. . of .New ..York, topic
"Christ's Standard of Greatness." At 7:45
p. m. ' the uastor will preach, topic, "The
Path of the Just.'.' All are cordially invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave.
and Sacramento st. Rev. William Kirk
Guthrie. pastor — Services at 11 t. m. and
7:45 p. m. The pastor will preach at both
services. Sabbath school, la :30 p. m. - Chris-
tian Endftavor, 5:15 and 6:15 p. m. Wednes-
day, 8 p. m., midweek services. Friday. 8
r>. m.y under the auspices of the Men's Club,
George .Wharton James, F..R. H. S.. F. R.
A. S., etc.. will deliver his great" lecture on
.the "Grand Canyon of the" Colorado,", mag-
nificently illustrated. All are cordially in-
vited.
WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church. '¦-. corner
¦ Webster and Page sts. — Services at^ll a, m.
Rermon by Rev. George G. Eldredge, to be
followed by an Important . congregational
meeting. All members | are requested to he
: present. " In the - evening. • at 7:45 o'clock,
sermon by Rev. Herbert E. . Hays. • Theme.
"Akin to Christ." Sunday School -at '0:45
, a.-- m. • Christian Endeavor, at 0:45 * d. m.
Prayer meeting every. Wednesday evening. -
CALVARY Presbyterian'' Church, i cor. ¦ Jackson
. and Fillmore sts. — Rev.rJohn Hemphlll, D.D.,
pastor. Morning service at II o'clock. -Even-
Ing service at 7 : 45 o'clock.":" Professor War-
' ren H. Landon, D.D., .will preach at ¦ both
services.? Sabbath school at »:30 a,- m.y or-
chestral music. ;. Christian*. Endeavor. meet-
Ing at 0:30 p.m. Prayer meeting .Wednesday
evening at. 8 o'clockX All rare cordially in-
vlted. ¦ ¦:=:'•;¦-¦";.">-¦ ¦,-¦•-•. ¦...• ; y^-.;.--- • :¦:¦_
THIKD ¦ Congregational -Church, Fifteenth st.,
near. Mission — Rev. William , Rader, pastor,
will: breach - at ':. both • services. • 11 a. m.,
"Jesus With Sinners ¦ and ; His Reply to His
;Critlcs."-- 7:30d.- m., "Mahomet.'.the Hero-
Prophet, and .Some ¦ Lessons ; to < Americans
• .From -Islam." '• . ¦:'¦, ¦;"¦''. ' .
TRINITY; Church, Bush and Gough sts.— Rev
Frederick W." Clampett, D. ; D.. rector. Holy
communions 7:30-. a,>m. and 11 a.' m.; Sun-
. day-school.i 9:30a.m.; morning ; service 11-
; evening service, R;the rector will officiate at
both services. You are heartily invited •
D.' M. BIRRELL, N. G.
C. W. CLIFTON. R. S.
APOLLO Lodge No. 123.T~o7~~Z^IZ~"
O. F.— The members will assem- -^MK£g&.
blc in Memorial Hall, Odd Fel- : @&S9>5i$
lows' building, • 7th and Market
sts.. on SUNDAY. April 17, at 1:30 p. m.
sharp, to attend the funeral of our late
brother, F. GALEHOUSE. Services at 2 p. m.
GEO. C. TERRILL, N. G.
W. F. NORCROSS, Rec. Sec.
COSMOPOLITAN Lodge No. 194. '
J. O. O. F. — The officers . and
members of this lodge are hereby '-J&&SS&
notified to assemble ln Remem- j^Wjw5^"
brance Hall. Odd Fellows' building, on
MONDAY. April IS. at 1:30 p. m., for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother., JOSEPH D. RODERICK.
A. L. ERWIN, N. G.
A. J. CLEARY, R. S. ¦ »
MEMBERS of Redwood •' _>»
Camp No. 91, W. O. W.. "~rB*
are respectfully requested vtf»^>T "."rf-N
to attend the funeral of P*p*Wofl3Ak9Hi
our late neighbor. JACOB JwTfK HsT* ? lif*'
GOLDWATER, from the "¦¦••»
undertaking parlors of Halsted &Co.. 946
Mission St.. on SUNDAY, April 17. 1904. at
10 a. m. Interment Salem Cemetery by
electric funeral car from Eighteenth and
Guerrero sts. By order , ¦
FRED G. GELATTE. Con. Com.
J. N. BARCEL. Clerk. *
DINNA forget— The thirty-eighth v C7" >»,
annual gathering and games of the 3S, £» O/7
Caledonian Club will be held at >?kXfe!c
Shell Mound . Park. Berkeley, . on
MONDAY, May 30. Splendid programme of
sports, nnd dances. . .
A SPECIAL meeting of the United Brotherhood
of Railway Employes' Benefit Department
will be held at 225 Parrctt bldg.. San Fran-
cisco, 10 a. m., MONDAY. May 2. 1904, for
the transaction of such business as may come
before it. FRED J. HALTON." Secretary. .
:.- . March 19. 1904.
MODERN Woodmen of ¦ America, Goodfellow-
shlp Camp 9633. M. .W. of A., meets every
MONDAY NIGHT at Fraternity Hall. 909
Market st.. San Francisco.
W. H. EDWARDS, V. C.
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk. Office room 627,
Emma Spreckels building.
NOTICE of annual meeting or Mercantile Trust
Company of . San ¦ Francisco— The regular an-
. nusl » meeting of the Stockholders of the
Mercantile Trust Company of San Francisco
will be held on WEDNESDAY.- April 27.
1904, at 12 o'clock noon, at the ¦ office of
the company,' 464 California street, San
• " Francisco, California, for ¦ the purpose of
' electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before tbe meet-
Ire. / • •¦¦.:.•.
Transfer books will close on -Saturday
April 16, 1904, at 12 o'clock noon
Dated April 11. 1904.
JOHN D. McKEE, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the shareholders of
the San Francisco Gas . and Electric Com-
pany for the election of directors and the
transaction of such other business as may
come before -It will .be held at the 'office of
the company, 415 Post st.. in the city of San
: Francisco, Cal., at 1:30 o'clock p. m. Anrtl
26. 1004. The transfer books ot the com-
pany will be closed frcm April 16 to and In-
cluding April 26. 1004. ' ln
(Slened) CHAS. L. BARRETT, Sec
¦ Dated' Sa.n Francisco, April 12, 1904.
_'¦¦" .AGEXTS WASTED. J
PERMANENT business chance; $50 to $150 oer
week and upward POSITIVE; men and
women wanted everywhere * to place with
consumers : the . BEST. - most remarkable la-
dles' and •' gents'.^ dress she known- ten
NEW slght-selllng' health and comfoTt feat-
ures; previous: experience unnecessary; NO
RISK; rep^y quick.. Kushion Komfort Sho"
¦¦_ Agency. 1233 Broadway. Oakland, Cal7
DO you want ; work ? Lad les or gentlemen • no
canvassing or soliciting; no time from «<£!
lar occupation : - no ¦ one need know you are
my representative; . no money, outfit or ex-
«SS« Balies
WANTED— Agents to: sell s splendid article to
housekeepers; all want It; one 'agent made
: $100 In ten days in October; only rellabl™ In!
dustrlous ¦- agents need apply ; ne w art \ou> ¦
1 mbN% c °*™!»'°£ &™*»
; JUBILEE, IRON CO., Omaha,. Nebr..i 1503.
WANTED^-Agentsfor-perpetualpencns- "al-
. ways ¦ sharp" ; never need : sharpening- guar-
": &i
CHILD to board; good home; private lessons.
Box 1674. Call office.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $2200; DAIRY produce and • delicatessen
• store; established years;, rent $55; monthly
sales about $1500; a first-class paying busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $750: CIGAR stand on Market St.; rent $66;
one of the best- located stands and a business
. where fullest investigation is solicited; a
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Keamy.
A — $8000: CORNER grocery and bar with 5
years' lease; rent $75; 2 horses; 2 wagons;
averagAcash store trade ¦ $2500 per month;
daily bar receipts $25; full value In sight;
location the best in the city. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $450: PLUMBING and gasfittlng shop on
Fillmore st.: rent $26;' owners must sell at
once as they are engaged ln another busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $3000; GROCERY store; established many
years and doing a large cash business;
located close to Market and Sixth sts.; a
good paying business; investigate and you
find a very rare business opening. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $6500; GRILL and barroom, with 8-year
lease; rent $50; the leading business of Its
' kind in manufacturing town about 60 miles
from S. F. : a rare chance for any live man
who wishes to make money: value In sight.
1 Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $450; DELICATESSEN and pork store;
about 1 block south' of Market; sales average
$550 per month; owner has another business
' and must sacrifice. Call R. G. WILKE. 28%
Kearny st. .
A — $1250; CORNER grocery store* on Kearny
St.; full value, ln sight; a splendid chance
for an Italian. Call R. G. WILKE. 20%
1 Kearny Bt. * ,' "* • '
WANTED — Good carpenter as partner; plenty
work. 3373 Eighteenth st.
AGENTS ln every town: splendid money-
maker. Call or address room 34. 421 Market.
PATENT for sale. 1606 Mission st.
CANDY store; good fixtures; cheap rent, with
lease: must sell. 1427 Market st. ,-•,
DELICATESSEN and restaurant; 'first-class
location. Apply 414 Jones st.
FOR sale — Grocery and bar; $1100; good loca-
tion. Box 173y. Call.
PATENT article; principal feature great ad-
vertising medium; will exchange 50.000 with
right to California for unimproved land: this
Is a snap; owner going to Europe. P. O.
box 162. Oakland. ,
ENGINEER cr business man with a few thou-
sand dollars can get lucrative occupation ani
Interest ln successful business. Box 1621.
Call office.
A GROCERY store for sale; good family trade;
owner retiring from business; rent reason-
able; 15 years in business. Owner, 1231 Park
st.. Alameda. Cal.
FOR SALE— A small hotel, furnished, on
Beach Hilt. Santa Cruz; also furnished cot-
-tase for rent. Address "J. S.." W Wash-
ington st.
$530— CASH business, established traile &r.i
automobile delivery. There Sunday, 510
Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
BR. BAKERY; 4 nice living rooms; stock: re-
ceipts about $4 daily; rent $15; price $150.
121 Valencia st.
GROCERY and saloon and 20-room furnisher!
house; 5 years' lease; parties going East. Ap-
¦ply 27 M-.nna st.
AN established . business, doing well, needs
partner with small capital to branch out.
Box 1(522. Call. ,
A — $750: SALOON on Montgomery St.; place
established years; owner clearing about $123
i per month; Investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $750; CORNER saloon on Howard et.: safe
cash register, pool table, etc.; rent $30: 2
- rooms; position of $200 per month accepted
by owner cause of sale. R. G. WILKE,
26^4 Kearny St.
A— $3000; CAFE and grill room In one of the
best located hotels of this city; rent $100: a
- splendid chance for an active young man
knowing his business: lease; liberal term*
given. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny St.
A— $3250; CORNER saloon on water front; rent
$80; good lease; place established years; in
large brick building and doing an Al bu.M-
1 ness; disagreement of partners only causfe of
t sale. R. O. WILKE. 2tt% Kearny st.
A— $3000; CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg.:
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this Is one of
• the best ' saloon locations in .this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st. •
A— $1300: CORNER cigar stand on Kearny:
rent $S5; lease; a good • business ; come and
Investigate. R. G. WILKE. 26 ft Kearny st.
A— $1100; SALOON, with 3 rooms;. close to
Kearny and Bush sts,.: rent $75; lease: place
easily clears $200 per ° month; nice fixtures.
I choicest stock of liquors. All particulars of
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1750; CORNER grocery- and bar on
O'Farrell St.; place kept by present owners
8 years and doing a good paying cash bust-
ness; fresh stock: value in sight. It. G.
. WILKE. 26% Kearny st. -
A— $650; CORNER ¦> bakery, with 4- living
rooms; about 2 blocks • north of Market st. ;
will be sacrificed if sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— J750- CANDY store and icecream parlors,
with stationery, etc, on Devlsadero « St.; 3
llvlmr rooms; a splendid location and good
. buslness^See R..O-- WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $1200- , COFFEE saloon and bakery .:•', In
choicest -. location: rent $80; dally receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearfly st . *
WANTED— A partner or purchaser for paint
store oT^shop: can't attend both ; take your
choice. 1034 Market st.
$725 BUYS' restaurant; all new fixtures; rent
I"0- living rooms; lease; , clears $150 per
.^th'^'goV 1275. C.H office. . -y
ASSISTANT office cashier; salary $100 month-
ty^must deposit $600 cash security. Box
wl2S0.. Call. ,' ¦¦¦'.-¦••---• :¦ •¦ » ----:--¦¦--
PinTNER ' wanted ' in cleaning and dyeing
wSF$350; U« 8 tlgaU.- ; Box 1315. Call.; ,„
NOTICE... hotel men, notice— Furnished hotel.
24 beds, with bar; mining town: give 3-year
lease; rent $50. G. A. SPARKS. Redding. Cal.
OLD established downtown saloon; best loca-
tion;- cau«e. sickness; no agents. Box 15&3.
¦* Call office. .
$360 — CANDY and Icecream store. 2393 Mission
st. Inquire at 2708 Twenty-fourth st.
HALF interest old established real estate office
ln Berkeley. P. O. box 162. Oakland.
DON'T work for others: be boss; start mall-
order business; we help you; plan and cata-
logue for stamp. CENTRAL SUPPLY
COMPANY. Kansas City. Mo.
WANTED — To lease a hotel; country preferred.
Box 4143. Call office.
WANTED— To buy . half Interest la ¦ solid es-
tabllshed business that will stand strict
Investigation; state price. Box 1683. Call.
WANTED — Men capable of earning $1500 to
$2000 per year; small capital. Box 1S73,
Call office. . ¦ " •
WE have funds to promote a good enterprise.
What have you? Altadena Investment Syn-
dicate. 70S Market St.. S. F.
PARTNER— Established business: averaging
$1S5 monthly: can be exten%»d: no losses -
only $600 required. ' Box 1726. Call office.
WILL purchase or enter Into partnership ir
you have or are about to apply for a merito-
I rious patent. Address box 1313, . Call.
$1050— GROCERY and bar: horse and •wagon
. and living rooms attached: In Western Addl-
tlon; for sale. Box 3086. Call office.
WANTED — A lady partner with $225 to take
half interest In branch bakery and confec-
tlonery store. Box 1738. Call.
WANTED— A ceneral merchandise store ln a
small town ln California: mining town pre-
ferred. Box S0I3. Call office.
WANTED — To buy a hay and grain business
¦ either whole or half interest. Address, with
particulars, box 3578.. Call office. *
$1000 — DELICACY store; average receipts over
$22 50 per day; best location In city. Box
4183. Call office. ,
WANTED — Assay office, or Interest or outfit
Call Monday 11 to 4. or address D.. 161 New
Montcomery st.
$2000 WANTED; manufacturing; proflU large-
no competition. , Box '1740. Call office. '
FOR SALE— Horseradish grinding and delicat-
essen business.- 2401 Mission st.
WANTED— To buy or lease place sultakla for
large chicken plant. Box 1710. Call.
$10,000 CASH only; sawmill la good locsUlt^
for sale. Box 15SS. CaU. *"* l0eaUt7THE ; SAN/ -FRANCISCO /CALL, -SUNDAY^ =^APRIL 17, 1004.
45
Pt°M*~«* «H\\rr;«— rnnttime*.
A. CAKEHON & CO Phone Koutli 1050
3 Eddy rt.. cor. Market and Powell.
.Headquarter* inr all kinds %)f iniFlneea chance*.
Ov«tcr an<l chip houses $35© to $lC00
Oortly cr.J Icecrt*— pu'lore $200 to *25C0
UarUr thop* $500 to $2500
<*l>;«r - :«!i:. 1- *•«*<• to *2000
Groceries «r.d bars $500 to (5000
balcor* . . . ". MOO to 110.000
Kestfeuramc $350 to $20,000
rruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000
Drug .¦"lore s $2000 to $6000
Dellcate^en stores $250 to $1500
Wood end ccal yards $230 to $1000
A riR^T-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor ; flne lor-ctton for drui;-*tore: ftood fix-
turv*. counters and sho— ca*e: rent only $60;
- 1. 1'!>.:..«> a! ready e»tabllt*ied ; with 6 rooms
. KJid bath in rear; elegantly furnirhed
throughout: everything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality; price $1SCO.
CAMERON 4 CO., 3 Eddy «t.
FOR »ale or trade — Quartz mines; flne pro— «ct;
located In <"al.: s»ays $40 to $70 ton: trade
1 for rtn£.t.ousc or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
CICAfTIFt'LLV located aummer resort; fine
«rmv<s: :n:-ror,m hotel: all furnished and
¦ equlj jwd for business; 20 acre* land goes
<n;h lease; rain* own hay, vegetable*; all
V nd* of truit; rent $5"0 per year; equity in
?hi* f250O: death In family cause of sale
CAMKRON & CO.
FCHl *al* — One of the best restaurants In city
cheap rent: receipt, $75 to $100 day; will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. :: Eddy at. «
JX>R faio - I-iO.o--' furnishing and fancy roods
bualaess; cheap rent: well located; ertab-
ht-hed 12 >ra— ; will Invoice $SOv»- sU-knr»«
Cameron <t co.
FOR eale— Kalcery and delicacy rtore; rent $20;
ft Uvlng room*; established 8 years; must
leave city; price to close $250.
* «"O.." :: KU<Jy at. '
SPLENDID weekly dividends a**ured to In-
v **tor* of $25 and upward; most prosperous
sea*on Just commencing. Absolute safety
of principal guaranteed with privilege of
withdrawing If at any time. Positive proof
r>r our rtablity. unquestionable references
from your own locality, aud a handsome
booklet explaining our bustin^** will be «ent
free upon Tf-quest. BALDWIN & CO
203 Broadway. New York City.
DUSDCB88 chance that will stand investiga-
llon; barber shop: cigar stand and bootblack
«anil frr sale; one of the finest furnished
rhop* in Kan Francisco; cigar stand well
stocked: 7 living roams upstairs; sublet 4;
<ie«— over *^K) me; price $2200 cash Ad-
d~s* box 15»4. Call.
IMMEDIATELY— Lady with $250 to take !n-
t<*rest and assist in giving hypnotic exhibi-
tions; advertiser ha* o0 full pages from lead-
ing Journals of the world: big money for right
person; must be of good addres*; experience
not necessary. Box 1347. Call office.
Llt-'T of first-class saloons, groceries, restau-
rants, enflee saloons, cigar stands, country
rnerrhan<3is* store*, hotels, etc.. for sale cr
•xchange. CITEL «.- CARROLL, 212 Kear-
ny Et.. r-hone Red 6CP2.
BTOCK cr bond issue of reputable corporation,
mining or Industrial, want**!, for selling on
'•ommlsjlon; Rive particulars. P. O. box
I4R3. New York City.
DCXalCACT store In center of good bus!ne*i> lo-
cality; tatabli_K4 over 3 years; a paying
business ; good reason* for wanting to l«ave.
Box 35t<>. Call office.
T. J. DUNN « CO.. 1312 MARKET ST.
BUSINESS SALES AGENTS.
Phone Howard 346S.
<.'I>KANIXG works; half Interest In good place
•for sale In Oakland. DUNN.
WANTED— Partner: $300; to help advertise a
—r>ne> -making btnines*; lady or gentleman.
UVNN.
ICECRLTAM. candy and coffee parlor, near
i"hut«-s; ground rent $25; 2*4 year*' lease;
¦ owns building, nock, furniture and fixtures;
will invoice double the prl^e, $7.V>. This is
an offer that is seldom made. DUNN.
CIGAR store near new Postofflce; 6ee us about
this' at once. -DUNN.
AN exceptionally good opportunity is offered
one or more investor* to Interest themselves
on the ground floor of a flrrt-class small in-
tiu*mal enterprise: the subscribers already
have nearly enough money for their need*
and require about $1000 additional. For par-
. ." licuiars or further information address box
1454. Call office.
$3507- PARTNER wanted In Al restaurant: 4th
•rt;. within 4 blocks of Call building; present
owner :* a firft-class pock and de*lres in-
forrUrB partner to tend cash counter «nd a*-
fc.rt reneraHy. LTTNDIN & CO.. SIS Kearny.
$".'<*• SECURES interest in light office work
v r.t ¦ •-•!<>• party c^n cosily clear $90 monthly;
reference* exchanged; experience not neces-
sary; live man wanted; bona fide proposition.
A. CAMKRQN'4 CO.*. Phone S«uh 1050.
h «*«.,-*' *}•' C 2" Mark *i «n<J Powell.-
Headquarter, for Roomlng-Hou-is. Hotels and
ah Kinds of ttupin?** Chances. ', .1
e,.l^? J*? 3181 chea P rent: new and elegantly
• urn.shed; up-to-date rooming- house; has fine
uar. caa be run In -conjunction If fiwlred: rare
¦£^"15* f ?; richt «»*rtle»: part cash, balance
T^Lv. J * >ut ° r th * hou"; other business In-
terest* demand immediate departure
126 rooms; re nt only $4 per room: new and
up-to-date house: all men: electric elevator,
UK.it*: long lease; clears . $400 to $5oO per
month; one of the beet buys In the city.
10 rooms: rent only $100; well furnished; llt-
tie anartment-house: reduced U> 4 $11CO.
14 roon-.s; rent only $00: oak furniture; good
carpets; part cash, balance time; price $S50.
36 rooms; rent $3 50 per room; first-class
downtown location: . long leaee; thoroughly
renovated and put In best condition: guaran-
Uett to <aear over $200 per month; flne oppor-
tunity for «ood investment: price $2500.
20 rooms; cheap rent; clcse In; thoroughly
reFpectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
SO rooms; rent only $150; oak and cherry
fur.; flne carp;ts; close in; fine money-maker.
220 room «: new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished: 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting; grand new building: clears
ing $400 to $«00 per month; obliged to leave
11 rooms; rent $40; close in; oak. ch*rry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets: clears $55 over all
expenae E ; $400 cash, balance time; snap; $700.
40 roc— »: elegantly furnished; rent only $250;
oak and mahcrany furniture; «0 boarders;
! clearing $250 per month; close In; fine buy;
price *C0O0.
I 9 rooms; ounay flat: rent $50; oak, mahog-
j Rny fur.; obliged to leave city; reduced to $C50.
; S 28 rooms: Metantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill: doinx flne buslne— ; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay ca»h difference.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; pMce $350.
192 rooms; mest elegantly appointed apart-
ment-house ia San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; flne entrance; cheap rent; clear-'
Ing $400 per month; 5-year leas«; part cash,
balance 8 i>«r c*nt per year.
IS rooms; rent $M: north Market; dose !n;
good money-maker; reduced from $1600 to
»0 room*; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture, high -clam location; beautiful
halls; evtrj thing modern; . first -claes grill In
I connection; best proposition In city; called
East.
24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished; oak and mahommy; flne proposition;
good leaae. - ¦» ; _ . • ¦ ¦
128 room s: cheap rent: long lease; flrst-
class up-to-date downtown house; well fur-
nished; cleartnr $500 to $600 per month; murt
sell on account of other business; only with us.
8 roomi: flne upper flat: rent only $30: can
be had by ravine $150 down, balance time;
$450.-
128 rooms; flne downtown corner house; pri-
vate bath*; btautiful furniture; 2 entrances:
takes in $20 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 i»o— s; corner; rent only $S5: oak fur.;
good carpets: housekeeping; all full: clearing
S70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; price'
$1600. •
60 room*; new; modern apartment-house : 10-
year-lease; chtao rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
I" room*: Ellis st.: rent $70; oak furniture.
Axmlnster carpets; flne condition; clears $80;
One little buy.
150 rooms; beautiful comer; 3 and 4 room
apartments; grand marine view; new and mod-
ern throughout; most elegantly furnished house
In city: call for terms and particulars.
<50 room*; cheap rent; new and beautifully
furnirhed; modern building; close In: full of
elce people; ', cash, balance low Interest.
75 roorr.s: grand new building: elegantly fur-
nished; cheap rent: 10 years' lea«e: close in:
clears $400 per month; $4000 down, balance
1 8 t>e,r cent per annum: departure.
33 rooms; cheap rent; good lease: beautifully
furnished; new modern building; very central;
all full: little rem of a house; leaving city.
• . » \: ¦ 1 ¦,' — c - - . ': ¦ <¦ ' ' ;
l$0 roofme;' crand new - modern', apartment
1 hnijte; elegantly fumlshnd and •quipped: cheap
; r»-nt: fine lease; paying $500 to »«Oi> per month;
< close in; full nice people; bargain if taken at
once; dissolution of partnership..
138 rooms: 'downtown commercial hotel; S
( years' lease; cheap re«t; elegantly furnished;
one of the best opportunities to secur* flrst-
t . " .' ' '; ' -
MARION GRIFFIN.
! ¦-'"¦'. i ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' ¦
, 4C0 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In fin* Troat offices.
¦ Phone. Black .'UX)7.or take elevator to 4th floor. '
l.p-to-tlate title abstract free with every sale. •
\\e well any house on our installment plan. ¦
EXTRA v.lile. sunny halle in this 29-room
j house; all'ln 3-room suite*; newly furnlsh«-d;
j such apartments are In great demand; price
I only $lCtO; It's a bargain.
I" See MARION GRIFFIN.
RESPECTABLE, quiet and clean:. 14 fine large
rooms: housekeeping: rent $40; clears $41
monthly; price $700. Sec MARION GRIFFIN.
40. ROOMS.
j A 2-story house of 40 rooms: good furnishing*:
! all men. roomers; rent $110; clears $156
j monthly; reduced to $3000; easy to manage. ;
ALSO a 17-room house on Van Ness ave.: rent
$C0; very little work for landlady; flne ap-
pearing house, inside and out; exquisitely
furnished In elegant oak and mahogany; rich
.Brus-Sels carpets; clears $106. . .* ,
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN, j
THESE TWO ARE FINE:
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 37 rooms; beauti-
fully fura!*hed in velvet and birdseye maple;
new January. 1004; easy terms If required.'
31 larce sunny room*; new buildlnr; straight
I * rooming - house, see? Fine location, n*ar
I and Jones; eminently respectable:
j ynake offer to my agent. MARION GRIFFIN.
) 20-ROOM house put down to $1000; clean and
Ifull: rent $G0; clears $60 month; runny side
of street. See MARION GRIFFIN.
1 PERFECTLY appointed 50-room house In a
very central location; furnished * elegantly
April. 1903; electric elevator, electric lights,
tot water in every room; 8-year lease; In-
come $406 over rent; all large single rooms;
roomers all business men.
I MARION GRIFFIN, room 400 Hearst Bid.
: BONTON family hotel; corner, in fashionable
neighborhood; 51 rooms; all outside; very
fine furniture; velvet carpets; rent only $250;
profit $450 monthly; price s $5500; cause,
leaving city. • v
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406 Hearst Bid.
t SNAP thla — 9 rooms for .$250.
5 rooms furnished; 6 blocks north of Mar-
ket; rent $55. Call at 2 p. m. on _
MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL— 63 rooms— See MARION GRIFFIN;
reduced to $4000; newly painted, well-fur-
nished: 27 bay windows; 5-year lease; quiet,
respectable; terms M cash; clears exactly
$176 mcnthl< . ¦
SPECIAL Hotel See MARION GRIFKIN.
120 rooms; aristocratic families; first-clans
furnishing*; clears $6000 yearly. .Price $12000.
80 ROOMS.
Newly furnished 1 year ago $3800;
full of men roomers; wide halls: tease; rent
$3 room. MARION GRIFFIN.
60 ROOMS.
NEW and modern building; light and airy:
beautifully furnished In oak and birdseye
maple; electricity for bells, elevator and
lights; everything strictly flrst-class. I
See MARION GRIFFIN.
NOT quite 200 rooms.
You can borrow $7500 from MARION GRIFFIN
en 'his apartment - house; it contains the
most elegant XurnlEhlngs, that cost $16,000;
will show you the bills; the house Is grand,
new and modern; with proper management
sbou.'d clear $1000 per month.
SNAP— Detached house of 12 rooms with nice
yard; every room light and sunny: very
choice location; well furnished; price $000 If
sold this week; no cards given.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.^
SWELL TRANSIENT-HOUSE.
Beautifully furnished; extra fine hair mat-
tresses; new and modern bull Jinx on sunny
corner; 24 rooms; rent $135; price $2800;
worth $4000 as a money-maker.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
NORTH of Market; 16 rooms; must be sold by
April 23; corner house: an offer of $450 made
' to MARION GRIFFIN will take It. ¦
BOUNCING BIG BARGAIN
ON BUSH-STREET CORN.ER.
Mahogany furniture, flne draperies, heavy rich
carpets, large stately rooms, wide ancestral
halls: furnishings good as new; cost $2!>t5O;
husband has died and widow will take any
reasonable offer, or will exchange for a farm;
rooms all rented in apartments; no cards.
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and lubscrlptions
received at Call branch office, ¦ 2200 FiUmor*. .
EPPCATIOyA—. •<;....
AT home in our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and moat delightful place of business
study in- the entire West. - New, complete,
extensive departments. Thorough, inspiring
instruction. 75-page catalogue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 801-
C F. ADAMS C6. . 7~.~'. '-'''¦''^
SPECIAL CREDIT 'STORE. v
' We clothe the. whole '.family from 1 hats to
thoes; everything up to<date at "cash prices.
Credit' for ell. i 318 -Mason gt...-.:-'- , ¦¦ ; ,
C_OTHI"O a-~0VATiyO.
SUJTS cleaned snd Dressed. '¦ $1;' scouring and
dyeing. Bon Iftarch*. '40 Ellis at.; room 14;
lihone Drumm 44.' . Call for and deliver free.
¦ co&iiScmoiT j>rricr bjj^^^.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; 'collections mad*;
city cr country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main 5580. _
IPIKITVALIMII.
BE a clairvoyant; read the future; tell names
of strangers; do alate writing' and materializ-
ing; I teach all in 4 sittings; fee very low.
Box 12C5, Call offlca. .
MRS. DR. MARTIN. 'wonderful spiritual healer
X- business mni'w, read dally $1: dev'p'g class
Thurs. 8 p.m.; tel. Geary 084; lotHiB G.G. ave.
C V MILLER'S etherlallilng and materializing
1 ' seance. to- night. 3 o'clock: $1. 1084 Bush Et.
MRS LESTER'S test circle 8 p. m;, 10c; read-
Ings dally, 25c and COc. 122 Taylor st.
EDWARD EARLE, 1052 Ellis, readings daily,
9:30 to 4; seances Sunday. and Thursday.
A MATERIALIZING seance, Sunday, 2 and 8
p. m. 32 Elllb St.; 50c. ¦ •
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
- elate-wrlter. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
~ CLAIRVOYANTS.
' THE FUTURE REVEALED,
THE PAST DISCLOSED.
THE PRESENT ANALYZED
BY LIVINGSTONE.
428. Eddy: at. . .
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a living page of Flammarlon's treatises that
is «o electrifying the world to-day. HE IS
NO IMITATOR. His work is upon original
lines; PURE THOUGHT. CLEAR VISION.
He TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE TO
KNOW, AND WORKS ¦ IN THE OPEN
LIGHT. AND IS AS CONSPICUOUS FOR
ITS WONDERFUL OCCULT AN ALY8IS AS
IT IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS. ¦
A test reading is not a life reading. When
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE ht will
give you a full life reading .for $1. A test is
of little value when the mind Is troubled —
you need more substantial aid and 'advice,.
This is Just what PROF. : LIVINGSTONE
gives you when you call on him for a flrst-
class clairvoyant reading. He asks you no
questions, but tells you what you wish to
He 'does not mention all the Ills and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the facts in your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyze the matters that are
troubling you, flnd the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Remember the number — 428 EDDT ST.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ASSURED SUCCESS FOR YOU.
Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 reading this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge No charge •
' Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult him.
PAUL DESTINE. -
¦ The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist ever In San Francisco. •
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.) «
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you If
husband, wife or lover Is true or false; Who
and when you will marry; how to gain the love
of the one you desire; "In fact," I will tell •>ou
every hope. fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself: his advice Is reliable, his pow-
ers ar« wonderful and indisputable; he Im-
proves your character so that you will reach
the highest possible development In mental
vigor health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; the controlling power Implanted In
your nature, so you can change the Intentions,
actions or habits of any one secretly; cures
disease and lost vitality; gives advice on min-
ing and burled treasures; gives you success in
life- he guarantees you . success , or charges
nothing for his services.
10 a. m. to 8 p. m.; Sundays. 2 to ft.
326 — O'Farrell street— 326.
DR. JULIAN BLUEFIELD.
The Famous Trance .
Clairvoyant and
Occult Palmistry-
Know Thy Future and Fate.
The doctor, tells your name, age, occupa-
tion, whom and when you will marry; no
matter what trouble you may have with
yourself or others, come and he will guide
you; he advises you with a certainty by a
-higher than" human power: readings by mail;
- send $1. ds*e~r>f birth aml-B questions. Par-
lors, 483 Geary st. ; no sign.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker wishes work by the
;day,or at home. - $2 "and . lunch; shirtwaists,
- shirt-waist ¦ suits ; and summer, dresses. 27H
, Pearl st.. bet. Market. Valencia and 13th.
RESPECTABLE widow : desires situation as
working housekeeper;- city or "country: best
.' of referrncea: has two . children, ¦ aged 9 and
. 4. . Call or address MRS. H.. 1130 Howard st.
EDUCATED lady, with . knowledge j of lan-
. : guages. would like I position afternoons as
.. companion - reader, • etc. : best references. Ad-.
dress T..T.- A..; Call office. Alameda.
STRONG,' willing American woman wants
-laundry work, flannels a specialty; $1,25 and
carfare; sweeping and cleaning 'also done.
648A Jessie St., downstairs.; ,, -. - ' . ' '¦ .
A RELIABLE.. middle-aged woman desires sit-
uation as working .. housekeeper In private
family; good . plain: cook; city . or country;
wages $20. Call 794 Folsom st.
COMPETENT woman would take j charge of
residence during occupants'^ absence during
v •< eummer; ; references. ¦ Address box 1123, Call
of flee, ; Oakland. ' ,-
LADY wants situation as cook In family of
not more than 10 persons; is good, cook;
speaks Bpanish and . German. Address j box
'1C32. Call .office. . , ¦ '. - ;
HOUSEWORK by good, reliable girl; excellent
cook; fine manager; likes babies; city or
across bay; no answers , unless fare. Box
1335. Call office. . ,.'¦*',
SCOTCH woman wants situation; good cook,
baker laundress; sleep home; or day work,
cleaning; references. Address Cook, 715 Na-
. toma *t. .-"...' ' -" •>"•
AN experienced nurse wishes engagement*;
surgical or confinements; reference; reason-
able; .economical. -Call or address) MRS.
MERRITT. 127 Seyenth st. .
A.' A. — Bookkeeper, cashier, secretary: young
lady; expert accountant; discreet; quick, ac-
curate: finest references.. Box 1340. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German' lady would like a
¦ position ¦. as working housekeeper. - Call - at
233 Third st. - ' -
ACTIVE., good woman wants general house-
cleaning; understands her work; $1 B0 day.
Box 1703. Call office. .
YOUNG woman with, knowledge of bookkeep-
ing desires position as assistant in office or
store; city or country. Box 1C14, Call office.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day, wash-
Ing and housecleaning. $1 50 a day and car
fare. 545 Minna Et. . . ¦- -
COMPETENT woman nurse would care for
sick or Invalid; terms reasonable. 536 Turk
st. ; lower flat. .
YOUNG lady, experienced, i wants position as
clerk In grocery or delicatessen. Address
. box 1310, Call office. - , . ¦ .
GERMAN woman, good cook, light housework,
wishes position In small family; country only.
234 Minna st. : .
POSITION as working housekeeper in hotel or
private family, or aa chambermaid; city or
country. Box 1731. Call. , ¦
SITUATION wanted as chambermaid by re-
spectable young lady; city or country, . Box
6B. 1008 Market gt. .
YOUNG German woman wants. housecleaning:
$1 day. MRS. V., 9 Rltch st., off Folsom
. st., bet. Third and Fourth. In rear.
WOMAN wants work by the day; good laun-
dress; $1 50 a day; no postals answered. 549
Minna st.; between 6th and 7th.
GERMAN girl wishes to travel with a family
to Europe; references given. . Inquire 879
Capp at. " . .
YOUNG lady wants a position a* bookkeeper
In grocery store; Is a good penman and can
do stenographic work. Address box 1641. Call.
WANTED — A position to do general house-
work; no washing; references given. Box
1303. Call. ¦'¦, ¦'¦"•-. -
A .LADY would like a position to take care of
children by the hour, day or evening. 1160
. Mission st.
GOOD girl wants position to do general house-
work; $3 60 per week, from 8 to 3 o'clock
dally. 1 Wlnden lane, off Mason, nr. Union.
WANTED — Place as housekeeper by middle-
aged woman: city or country. Address box
1308. Call. ¦ .' ¦¦ . '
A COMPETENT woman wishes work by the
day to wash , or Iron. Please call Sat. 1123
Laguna st.
WANTED — A position by competent young
lady to do second work. -Address box 1633,
. Call office. - " ,.
TRAINED nurse wishes position to travel with
an invalid. Address 1217 Webster St., Oak-
land; tel. Green 06. ¦•*¦'¦ ¦ ' - ; --"¦
YOUNG girl wishes position In store or office.
Call MISS ANNIE GODFREY, 1541 Central
ave., Alameda, Cal. , ¦'¦ , -
HOUSEWORK wanted by neat,, elderly wo-
. roan: cood cook: wazei tlO ner month. Call
'KMPLOYaiE.NT WANTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT ; young lady I want* to do second
- work. , Address box 1634. Call office.
POSITION wanted by yoang lady. of good eda-
catlon.;Box 1500, Call office.
COMPETENT girl wfehVs, position to do house-
work. Address box 1657. Call ¦ office. . .
WOMAN wants work by the. day. 217 Minna
.; street. , . .v : •; . .'.-¦ - .. ~ '-'¦"•' "":..'
WOMAN would like place as housekeeper.
; MRS. C. 117 Milton st. * . .
LADY wlsh»s position as pianist; city or coun-
try. Box 1717, Call office.
MARRIED lady would like position as house-
keeper. - Call Sunday morning. StfO Mission.
MIDDLE- AGED woman wants general house-
work; wages $20. Apply 252 O'Farrell et.
LADY would like a few hours' work each
day. 525 Folsom st. '.'¦'. "
A FIRST-CLASS cook desires a situation; ref-
. crence. Apply 327 Minna st.
A GOOD cook wants a situation. .. Box ' 1670.
Call office. .
A YOUNG lady wants situation to. do upstairs
work. Box 1671. Call.
! YOUNG woman wants position to assist with
light' housework. . Box 1332, Call office.
A YOUNG woman wants. position as working
housekeeper. Box ¦ 1273. Call office.
A LADY wants a few more hours' work by the
day. 525 Fclsom st.
A. YOUNG girl would like a situation at house?
work. Call 1346 Webster St.. S. F.
A WOMAN wants ' work by the day washing
and Ironing;* $1 50 a day. Box 1294. Call.
. A WOMAN wants work by the day. washing
and ironing-; $1 25 a day.,. Box, 1457, Call.
A RESPECTABLE woman wishes housework
by day; references. Box 1282. Call office.
A COMPETENT woman wants office cleaning
or hotel work a few hours a day. 37 Ritch.
WANTED — A position aa sc&mstresa. MRS.
- WILSON. 345 Ninth st.
YOUNG woman with little girl wishes situa-
tion a« housekeeper. . Box 1283. Call office.
WANTED— Situation as cashier In restaurant.
BLANCHE MORE. 522 Eddy st.
YOUNG lady wishes position as stenographer.
Box 1450. Call office.
GIRL wants position as a nurse. Apply 210
Polk «t. -.-.'- - - ¦¦-,«. '
MIDDLE aged lady wishes a position as house-
keeper. Address 309 Third at., room. 18.
POSITION wanted as working housekeeper.
Box 1343. Call office.
POSITION wanted as working housekeeper.
Box 1342. Call office.
DRESSMAKER wishes work by the day. Box
1128. Call office. Oakland. "
A YOUNG woman (good cook) wants work In,
the country. 324 Mason st. ; Phone Black 2390.
GIRL as chambermaid. Apply 520 Bush st,
JENNIE FLORA, room B. . ( . "* ¦¦- ¦¦¦: - --,
. WOMAN wants situation caring for Invalid.
MRS. HOWE, 342 Minna st.
GIRL wishes work by the day; $1 a day. MISS
NERO ROBERTS, 365 Clementina st.
BY experienced woman; a position as Infant's
nurse; city references. 186 Sixth st.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 270 Jessie st.
JOB as milliner's apprentice. Box 1438, Call
office.
JOB as telephone girl. Box 1439. Call office.
FAMILY washing to take home. Call or ad-
dress MRS. CHESTER. 448 Jessie st.
REFINED middle-aged American woman
wishes position .as 1 working housekeeper in
small family: city or country: no lncum-
brances. Address MRS. A. N. KING. Station
B. San Francisco. '. • -
EXPERIENCED lady nurse wishes engage-
ments; best references; $10 week. Call MRS.
WILSON. 474H Tehama St., near Sixth.
COMPETENT German "woman wants washing
and Ironing for Tuesday; no postals. 1203
VaUeJo st. . ..
1 COMPETENT girl wants situation;, general
housework; good cook; ,dty or country. Box
1C62, Call office. .'¦"¦¦¦•.
AMERICAN woman wishes housekeeper's po-
i -sitlon or cook on ranch. MRS. FAIRBANKS,
£otati. Sonoma County. Cal. ¦
REFINED young lady wants posttlon . as
; cashier In restaurant or candy store. Box
I ictka *-.«ii .... ¦¦-¦..,-
EM PLO VMEXT WASTED- MALE.
AAA — YOUNG man possessing mastership four
languages, expert correspondent, manifold
aptitudes and abilities, now open to an offer.
Box mas. Call office. ~_
RELIABLE young man, graduate of buslnesj
college, wants ultuatlon in hardware ] stors
U> learn the business; good references. BjX
1604. CaU office. '
A FIRST-CLASS crockery and gla«war»
packer; eight years' experience; steady po-
sition desired; can give best of city rcf«r-
encta.' Box 1C81. Call office. ' . r
GENERAL office man desires employment ai
shipper or cth*r position of trust In whoi*-
- sale or manufacturing house; best references.
Box tfl. IOCS Market st. ¦¦¦
TO country hotc-1-keepe— : Wanted — By a mid-
. dle-agetl . man. a competant barkeeper. &
position In a quiet country hotel: best of
references. Box 127S. Call.
TAILORING business; all-round cutter, trim-
mer, salesman and window decorator wishes
position: highest references; moderate wages.
Bos 1339, Call offlc«.
STENOGRAPHER— Young man se*ks position
with mercantile or manufacturing house,
where energy and ability will count. Box
1745. Call. ¦
SCOTCHMAN from the East; experienced with
hcrses tand cows; sober; Industrious: good
- habits: -reference given. Address box 1742.
Call efflce. '
A FIRST class general machinist and engineer
with 20 . years' . experience wants responsible
position: flrst-claos references. Address box
119. 1C0S Market st. -
STEADY reliable man wishes a steady position
of any kind: is handy with tools and a gocd
driver. Address G. L. £.. 174 Fourth, st..
rocm 30.
WANTED— Position as city salesman or bill
clerk: straight billing or Gano system: larje
experience; first-cla?s house only. Box 12V0,
Call efflce.
A YOUNG man would like steady employment
of any kind: strong and willing; -well ac-
quainted with city. Box 1C54. Call office.
YOUNG man wants position In .whole-
sale house; good reference* and character.
.Box 150&. Call office^
COMPETENT laundryman wants position to
take chars*' or institution or hotel laundry.
Box 1C07. Call office.
COMPETENT engineer. 20 years' exp^rtenc*-.
desires steady position. Address li. W.. box
1C02. CaU office. .
ELDERLY man wishes portion us night
. watchman; & years' experience. Box ltKHi.
Call office. •
SITUATION wanted by *ober, reliable youn<
man w*o In wllllr.z to start in and worn
upjgood references. Bex 1737. Call.
POSITION wanted by young man (ZV) In
wholesale house; small wages: chance of ad-
vancement- Box 1F5C. Call office.
AN experienced, reliable chauffeur desire* posi-
tion taking care of automobile for prlvato
party; best references given. Box 1678. Call.
AN old, sober German carpenter wants repair-
ing for moderate wages. Address Carpenter,
box 1C7W, Call- of flee.
WANTED — Position by mechanic: one who 13
tin and sheet metal worker and plumber; in
the country. Box 1251. Call.
STENOGRAPHER — Competent stenographer
desires position; salary $50. Address I. POL-
LAK, 17C0 Bush Bt.. city. .
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position at hos-
pital work cr in ohvsiclan's office; best of
references. Box 1750, Call office.
BOOKKEEPER, several years* experience,
wants position in or out of city; quick at
figures; flrst-class references. Box 1723. Call.
YOUNG man. sober, would like position ia
wholesale house; good references. Address
box 1707. Call office. ¦
YOUNG man. reliable and steady, wants sit-
uation in wholesole house as assistant ship-
ping clerk In office. Box 1690.' Call office.
POSITION wanted by an able man In a whole-
sale house as packer or any other work.
Box 1711. Call of flee. '.
WANTED — By a first-class cheese— aker. sit-
uation In cheese factory; no milking; .Cali-
fornia references. A. DAVIS. 1314 Baker et.
ENERGETIC young man with good references
wants - a position, city or country, as dry
goods clerk or bookkeeper. Box 1S19. Call.
MAN of family wants position as keeper farm;
10 years' experience in chicken raising busi-
ness. Box 1706, Call office.
BUTLER, steady, reliable man, good refer-
ences, wishes situation; city or country. Call
Butler, phone Main 1304.
YOUNG man (21) would like place In private
family; understands- taking care of 'horses;
does not drink.- Address box 1714. Call.
SITUATION wanted by a flrst-class landscape
gardener; country preferred. Address A. B.,
Particulars IWi'i Market ft., room ft.
$125 — PARTNER wanted in broker's and in-
*urKnce office; experience not necessary ; mu*t
have «om« reference*; good opening. 1007^4
Market ct.,- room 1.
FOR salt- — Saloon and license In Stockton. Cal.;
best location In city; eFtabllshed 10 year*:
low rent lea*e, etc.; satisfactory reason for
sale. Address G. A. HITNTINGTON. 3*1 S.
San Joaquin st.. Stockton. Cat.
ANY lady with $5 capital can easily make
from $5 to $10 per day; must be of good
addr»>s. Apply between 1 and 2 p. m. at
room 205. second floor. Central building, gut-
ter and Stockton rts.
WANTED— Intelligent man. $10,000 capital,
ran find to-)d opportunity to buy In an old
eMah;i*b*d manufacturing conr-ern; (mod prof-
itf, ttrXctert investijratlcn*. Box 12C4, Call.
J250_RESTArRANT; fine fixture* and loca-
tion; dning pood business. Owner, box 1635,
Call ofTW.
FIVE laundry route; new wagon; Karrlfleed on
account of sickness. Box $747. Call office.
SALOON for sale. S0S7 Sixteenth .at.
FOR fial* — Drug store; flne location: good
trade; a bargain. Address box 1344. Call.
l:.-» KCKV aud notion etore for eale. Apply 404
Fifth st.
$«5O^ — Second-hand furniture store, crockery and
r^xjes. 323 Fifth rt. S
TK»R *ale — Spanish reFtsurant: enap; no expe-
rience needed. Call GO7 Jercte st.
FOR «a]e — I>ei|catest>en store on a prominent
?¦treet; rood trade. Box 3C27. Call office. .
WANTED— A delicatessen Rtore; well estab-
lifhed. Box 4247. Call office.
W'ANTJ-:i> — To buy * dairy with pasture and
Fiock; give full particulars. Box 4131. Call.
OYSTER and chop house for sale: cheap rent;
cood location: living room*. 1 Eighth et.
DnLICATESSEN— Will e-l| cheap; leaving city
'*¦ s>ccount "f flckneg*. llox 1093. Call office".
$100— BOA RDING and lodging; 15 rooms, fur-
nished; rent $15; good place. 330 Main st.
FOR sale — Coffee and chop house, with cash
renter; price $S0. Box 1604 Call office.
WANTED — Men with some capital ~\o take
positions in new company. Box 3503. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS rnassage parlor, dolnc good
banner. Tor Kale cheap. Apply 718 Larkin «L
A CRUNCH office or The Call for the reception
ol Bivertisement* and subscriptions has been
rp-ned *t 1C0S Market «t.. opiweite Fifth
Open ur.t:l 11 p. m.
CJfKAPJCST and b*»t in America— The Weekly
Call. 10 par'*. *ent to any addr— s in tae
United Ptates or Canada one year for $1.
¦ LODGI.\G-UOi:SES POIl SALK.
$1WO— 15 room*; bath, etc.: furnifhert with the
br*t furniture; t'.l new; reasonable rent.
$750— 17 rooms; flne. location.
$2(KK) — 24 rooms, well furnished; choice loca-
tion; low rent.
j.".:.itii — 35 rooms; good furniture: !«ft location.
Jil'.".'" — 14 rooms: rent !"30: good payer.
$!>00 — 19 room*; low rent; located on Broad-
way.
t :<r,d — 20 room*; low rent; well located.
— 25 'rooms, -well furnlshea; nearly new;
reasonable rcrt.
$35Oft— 41 rooms; new. elegant furniture; finely
located; low rent.
j:«i«i — 20 roon-.*: mostly housekeeping rooms.
Si 1 -;*- — 22 rooms; centrally located;, reasonable
rent.
W. -F. OBXXIOX,
45S Ninth st.. Oakland. Phone White K.t.
11 ROOMK r.orth Market; $65; $500. DUNN
& CO.. 1312 Market et.
14 ROOMS. north~M«rket; $60; $700. DUNN
& CO.. 1312 Market rt.
S ROOMS, north MarketfiMO; $4O0. DUNN
& CO.. 1312 Market st. „
10 no6M^~»n> Market; $40; $C5(K DUNN
. & CO.. .1312 Market st.
ZS ROOMS, south Market: 537 50; $1000. DUNN
,& CO.. 1312 Market at. -¦'
H C. DECKER. Pnone John B31.
vn MARKET RT.
r. Headquarter* for rooming-housee, epartment-
(-'•¦:•¦!'. hotelc, bcarding-house*, flats." Real
fr.u-.'.t. stores qnd bu*lnera ptacc* Fold and
exchange. MONEY TO LOAN. I have all
the bargain* that are for *aJe.
DECKER. !KX$ Market uL
LODGING-HOUSE. 2S room*; near Vaa Ness
ave. llox 3052, CaU office
class hotsl; owner has other business; part
cash, balance time.
A— CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.
Phone Black 6001. 777 »4 Market st.
V — Bank References —
Any House Sold on Easy Terms.
A — Buyers' Guide. Bring this ad. with you.
A — 7-room flat, nicely furnished; clears *20:
. price $300; «4 cash. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
A— 10 rooms: good furnishings; N. of Market
location; bargain; $4O0. CAL. INVEST. CO.
A — 6peclal; 16- rooms, newly furnished. - on one
floor: grand location; clears $80 with 3 rooms
reserved; price J2000. CAL. INVEST. CO.
A — Geary «t. : 14 rooms, finely furn.; money-
maker; choice bargain; SIOOO. Cal. Invest. Co.
A — 60 rooms: new and beautifully furnished;
private baths: grand location; clears $300;
$3500 cash will put you in possession: don't
overlook this. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
A — 36 rooms on 1 floor, nicely furnished, newly
P&'.nted; clears $125; nice loc.: rent $110;
prtc* SieoO. CAL. INVESTMENT CO.
3rt rooms, elegantly furnished; private baths,
grand entrance; steam heat; best renting loc.
N. of Market: long lease; right party It's a
mint: partners disagree. Particulars, CAL.
INVESTMENT CO.. 777 »4 Market st.
APARTMENT bouse. 40 rooms; new and beau-
tifully furnished: lease; low rent; price $4000.
half each; don't wait; It will go. CALIFOR-
NIA INVESTMENT CO., 777H Market st.
100 ROOMS; tunny corner; rent $125.... $4500
112 rooms: clear* $360; low rent 14500
t-0 rouma; furniture nearly new $3800
15 rooms; fine location, north of Market. $900
46 rooms; In Oakland: new; rent $00. ..$250U
12 rooms: H cash: cheap rent $U00
Money to loan on furniture. EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny st.
FEW CHOICE BARGAINS
In loc— Ing-houses; If you want a money
maker you can't afford to overlook; no
agents. Box 1732. Call office.
$000— LODGING-HOUSE. 18 rooms; all fitted
for housekeeping apartments; north of Mar-
ket St.; rent very low; must sell. Box 8083,
Call office. =
LODGING-HOUSE. 25 rooms; full; good. loca-
tion; low rent; reasons for selling, poor
health. 200 Turk St.. room 6. bet. 1 and 2.
TAYLOR. 31S — 12 well-furnished rooms and
bath dears $40 and your 2 rooms; reasonable.
A KREDO A CO... A
7f5 MARKET ST RELIABLE AGENTS
AT AUCTION PRICE
S!.v» for 13 rooms; clears $40 month.
S27.'i — Nicely furnished fi-rocm flat.
*300—il rooms: cl?ar« $40: $200 cash.
TIME PAYMENTS IF DESIRED
IS — otne; sunny corner; clears $S0 $1200
22 room*; flne transient; near Market... $1600
MANY OTHERS AT KREDO A CO.'S
MITCHELL ft CO Phone Jessie 23S1
_W Market »t.. opposite Sixth.
NOTICE.
We have dpartmenl-houscs, rooming-houses
and flats to exchange. Call and examine our
Hat.
16-ROOM house, close in, cheap rent, good
leaee. no vacant rooms, for $1200; payments
monthly. Address box 27G0, Call office.
1C ROOMS: rent $80: water free: 2>4-j-ear
lease; furnished new; make offer. 323 Taylor.
HOCSK, 25 room*: furniture In good condition:
rooms all full; well rented: north of Market
*t. Box 4153, Call office. , ..„ ",
A SACRIFICK~20 rooms : rent $60; $700;
rooms full. Box 1712, Call.
$225 — 9 ROOMS for eale. 319 Drumm rt.
7 ROOMS and bath; ' dean, desirable home;
. $275. tiC5 Taylor at., near Post.
COTTAGES TO LtST. •
NEW cottage; 3 rooms; beach lot:: good bath-
ins: lease C months $29; 1 - year $15' per
month. Box 54 ts&usalito.
TO let — New cottare, 4 rooms and bath; base-
ment. Apply owner,- lumber-yard, 11 southeast
corner Alabama and M on teal m stsv
COMPLETELY furn. cottege-at Ocean Beach,
- $12*50: yard, water, lnq. 515B Taylor sU
$11 — NEW rot.. S re.; $&, ecu, & r*. 17 Roscoe
tirrt Ft. to right off Crescent av; Mission cars.
. CXTKCS ~U.PTU*B. . . . '
V/HOT— Hunter. 120U Market rt.: $100; rupture
cure for $10: circular explains; send for one. |
925 Golden Gate ave.
AYRE8. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket St.; establlfthed 18 years; the school that
secures positions for graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters; catalogue free.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
languages, telegraphy. English branches: day
and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once if you desire a good position: Gregg
shorthand Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
' College. 1236 Market st.
LEARN SPANISH in 2 months; classes in
French fend Spanish $5 a month.
B. F. AMES Teacher of Languages,
268 Golden Gate ave.. cor. Hyde st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec., min., mech.. «ur-
vey assay, cyanide; day, ev. t est. 1864. Van
der'Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing, 1556 Market, nr. Larkin.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business' Colltge on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 13S2 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College ;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth.,
spelling, writing, etc.; day. eve.; $4 mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of MinecAElectriclty. 24 Post
St.. S. F. ; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
DANCING — Prof. Findlay has reopened h*is
juvenile classes at Flndlay's Hall. 17th at.;
Saturday 2 to 5; private lessons daily.
SPANISH-English. English -Spanish; oral ai<l
written translations. Domingo C. Maya, 427
Sutter Et.
SPANISH — My 4th successful year of teaching.
Prof. Domingo C. Maya of Madrid, 427 Sutter
BUCK *nd wing, .song and dance clogs. Jig*
and waltz taeght. IRVINE'S. 421 Post st.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons; write or
call. PROF. GABTALDI.. 102% Sixth st.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive method
RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California, r. tl
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.;
mandolin club. $1 per mo. S23 Halght st.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine tt.— Night class.
PIANO lesions. 25c half hour. MRS PECkT
• experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
ADVERTISEMENTS, cubscrlptlons received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth
Opem antll 11 p. m:
CAKPET UK ATI KG AKD CLEANING.
COMPRESSED air and vacum system now
-«nl verbally used in cleaning carpets on
floor; without removal; price moderate; 8.
F. Compressed Air Cleaning Co.,- 808 Mar-
ket et.; tel. .Main 152. Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with, you work
«+nd for SPAULUINGS Pioneer Carpet-beat-
.. Ing Works, 355-357 Tehama si. ; tel. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st., clean-
ing & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission 74.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1800 Har-
rison St.: Al cleaning; 3c. Tel. Mission ?25.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet- Beating Works,
."^J3 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126. . .
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beating; mat-
treescs made over. 1432 Howard;tel.South 216.
ADVANCK Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st*;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.; Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison st.; tel. Mission 263.
DENTISTS. .."-.- ¦¦'-¦¦:¦ ¦ . .
DR. GRUBS, file Callaghan bldg?.~Ma7keTand
McAllister sts., uses the Baaford obtunder-
the only device ever Invented for grinding
drilling and excavating teeth without pain.
. Call for demonstration. TeL Jessie 3006.'
DR. LCDLUM HILL, 1443 Market nr Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over Ilk* new; teeth
from tS per tet: extracting SOc; gaa given. >
A NEW plate — Th« Whalebone— cannot break:
; warranted. 20, yrs; crown. $3 SO; fillings. BOc:.
; plates. $5; full set; all work - painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors." 24 Sixth.
ELITE Dental Parlors. . 838 Market st. ; best
and cheapest office for, all dental operations.
Pans Dental Parlors. 2X5 Keamj. cor. Bush-
Set teeth. >1 60 up; crowns. $2 up: fllllnca.25e
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. • surgeon-dentlst.r.l4.1st
floor. Phclan bid.. 506 Market, cor. O'Firrell.
GOLD fillings 76c: silver. 33c; crowns, $2; no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Butter.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market
st. cor. Turk; private readings daily, 10 a,
m." to 6 P. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as in person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $5: send lock of hair, date of year
of birth; don't send currency; send post of flee.
Wells- Fargo money order or registered letter.
A— Miss M. Wllle, 460 Geary, clairvoyant crys-
tal peer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion, names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac-
1 -flon guaranteed; 25o up. 17 3d, next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR, young, gifted clair. and palm.;
has second sight: a wonderful . prophetess;
names; I. 50c, g. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
Mrs.A.H.Kronenberg,palmist, clairvoyant, card
• reader;when others fail try me; good readings
10c. 721 FrankUn.nr.O.O.ave.Tel.Larkln 4207.
A— MME. RAVENNA reads life: business ad-
vice; names given: 25c up. 835 Howard st.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
20H Kearny, room 20; ladles 25c: gents 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c;
gents 50o. 951 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
readings daily: not open Sundays. 917 Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, tard reader, re-
moved from 132 to 2.1 Vi 6th; I. 25c g. BOc.
MME. MARSEAU. card reader: ladles 25c;
gents 50c; hours 10 to 0. 120 Sixth st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known : fortune-
teller, is now at 317. Ellis st.
ELWENA BELCH, the best card reader In
the world, 26S5 Mission street.
WONDERFUL oalmist and card reader. 421
Hyde *t. • \
MRS. SHAFER,' clairvoyant, card re*ader, sit-
tings dally. 44S^4 Jessie Bt.. bet. Bth and 6th.
ukkjif.mak.kks am) skamstrkssks
McDowell s dressmaking
and millinery school.
Oldest and best; 13 years of successful work.
Leading syetem of dresscutting.
Thorough instruction In every dept
Millinery dept. recemmended by wholesalers.
Any pattern cut to measure; «vening. class.
1019 Market st., above 6th. S. F.
Accordion, sunburst and knife-plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
Academy dresscutting, millinery, 428 Sutter —
Make your own gowns by systematic method.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cnt to meature; eve, class. 1019 Mkt.
RMPLOVME1VT OFFICES.
GEORGETAOKI. 421 Post TtTTteiT^shTaiCI
Japanese-Chinese employment office: fur-
nishes best help; contracts for farm help; etc.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese-
Chlnene help. 42U Powell at. Tel. Main 5752.
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chinese
help. 415 Stockton st. Tel. Grant 168.
RELIABLE Japanrse-Chlnese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds, help. 315 Stockton; Main 0168.
CHINESE snd Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel Main 1007. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMrLOVMK.VT \VAMT_U— . KKMALB.
A— MISS PLUNKETTS Employment Registry,
425 Suttcr St.; near Powell.
A Swedish cook, first class, wants' a cook's
place at $35 a month. . •:¦-¦ .' • /, .
A Danish second girl, young, strong,' capable,
wants cooking and general housework In small
family: must be Interviewed in. the office from
10 to 12' Monday morning.
.A laundress, 'German,, first class, city or
country place, also seeks work.
-These applicants* • will' be In the office Mon-
day morning from 10 to 12. -:.
MIPS PLUNKETTB. 1 425 Suttcr st./ nr. Powell.
AT COS ¦ Mason ' st..' ' Mrs.", Walsor, phone Black
1533 — Man and wife, .springs, chamberwork,
•waiting,- each $23;. refined working house-
keeper country, pref.;. governess.; accom-
'. pliehed In all, branches; 2 waitresses, springs.
ELDERLY German lady, of refinement (Protes-
tant) wants position . aa housekeeper : for one
Or-two gentlemen' or! widower's family; best
references given. Address MRS. • G. O., Call
/office. 1118 Broadway. ; Oakland.^ v ::
'Ai REFINED '• young woman ¦¦ desires a : position
-¦as manacing housekeeper; in flrst-dass hotel,
•or wlll,take charge of a^wldower's hcroc; no
"¦ objections • to leaving : city; ¦: references.' Box
:¦ 1297.- call office. .V, ;v •.:>;;;. ; . •
WANTED— A'< position as working housekeeper
in a ; small -family ¦* by- middle-aged < German:
lady; understands ' the " care of ¦ small ¦:- chll-
' dren. 'Address MRS, W." REESE,. 2C03 Nine-
teenth 'sC"; *.."'-. : .'--¦-.'.¦¦ . . ¦ .;
or write 1120 Third st.. Oakland.
YOUNG woman wants position as housekeeper;
wages $10. See THOMPSON. 1104 Broad-
way, Oakland.
MOTHER and son want places as cook and
helper In mining or lumber camp. Call or
addrees MRS. RICHMOND. S33A Howard St.
GERMAN woman wants work helping or house
cleaning by the day. 208 Natoma St.. rear,
upstairs. j, ¦
A* GERMAN girl wants" second work -or wait-
Ing; references; $25. C. S., 17 Colllngwood
St.; call after. noon.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants work by day
washing and Ironing, house cleaning. Call
678 Harrison St., off Third.
ItEFINED, middle-aged German lady will act
. as nurse and companion to Invalid lady; Is
a good housekeeper. Box 1305, Call office.
A WOMAN wants work by day washing and
ironing: $1 SO a day and carfare. Box 1456,
Call office. ¦ ; -..'"..
AN experienced woman would like work from
J) to 3 In restaurant - to wait or assist In
kitchen. Call or address 9 Tehama at., rear.
COLORED woman, good laundress and cleaner,
wants work by day; references. Box 1337,
Call office.
YOUNG girl wishes position in private family
with opportunity to learn cooking. Box
12S6. Call office. . -
POSITION by lady as working housekeeper or
companion; no objection to travel; references
exchanged. Address F. C, Station F, City.
A WOMAN would like ladles' cast off clothes
to sell on commission. Address box 1444.
Call office. : '.
A COLORED woman wants a place to work
half a day by the week. $4. Apply 1157
Pacific st. ¦ - • ' .
A REFINED woman would Jike position as'
lady's traveling companion. Address H., 615
Larkin »t. ;
A LADY. would like to make home for club of
business fyouns men or women In Berkeley,
Alameda'or city. Bex 1129, Call office, Oakl'd.
WANTED — Position as working housekeeper.
225 Fourth st. ' ¦¦ -
WOMAN, "thorough worker, - wants day work.
Box 1720, Call. -. v . ¦
WANTED — Position as seamstress. Box 1725,
": Call.., '¦'-.'.¦-: y> -¦;.,. ¦
WOMAN wishes work by the day. Please call
or address MRS. NEWMAN. 320" Minna st.
POSITION ' wanted — A respectable woman for
child's nurse: good reference. Box 1307, Call
WOMAN wishes to wash clothes. 112 Perry st.
SITUATION a* ; proofreader; non-union of flee.
Box 1US0, Call office. , ¦ '...¦¦
LADY wishes : position to do light housework;
yk no objection to children. Box 1701,. Call. ,
A WOMAN wishes plain sewing. Call or ad-
v dress 271 Shipley st. ' ¦
YOUNG lady wants 1 oosltion as • stenographer
In. law. office. ' Address. box 1640. Call office.
A LA DV- wants position as housekeeper in Qer-
man family.- Address box 1648, Call office.
YOUNG - lady > wants \ position as - waitress in
prlvato family. Box 164!>, Call office.;
A LADY wants houseclcanlng by day; $1 50.
. Box' 1C0S. Call office. % ; ¦
j A' RELIABLE woman wants work a- few hours
I "a day; good references." : ST.1 % Dore st. •
A .(STRONG » young woman wants ' house - or
window oleanlne. Box, 1054, Call office;
WANT a position as stsnogTapher. .622%
'-".. Grove st. '. ' - ...,-' -:•,¦.-.'. V;. ,-_' ,.\- ¦;'¦- •• ¦; .¦ :
LADY will -take- room and board In exchange
'. for light services; references. ¦ Box 1620. Call.
WETNURSE wants engagement. , Apply 2 to 9
. -. p. ' m., 3C5 Clementina Bt. :: :
1 POSITION; wantedi.by,' young -woman" to take
1 .care of , invalid or nurslng.v Box ; 1637, Call. .
: A* NURSE girl wants situation for two chil-
i dren.:. Call 2013A Dupont st.,:S. F. ." V
1 YOUNG womaji wants pcsltlon. as second girl.-
>-.; Box 1291.~ Call . r ¦•: , : ;-<. -, ;'; • . . ;
GOOD 5 wftman swishes ..work: ; good ' laundress,
: • cook "and: chamberwork. • Box • 1320. • Call.' . .
YOUNG lady as -cashier. •: Apply at 051 Birch
) .----avenue!.'.-"-.'''/'- '¦'¦¦".' -'I'-' '' '»' ¦¦""'¦- '"-:";: 1 ' '•-'"'
STRONG ' woman 3 wishes - house " : and*, window
' •;- cleaning, i $1 00 ; day. "-.-- 1518 A'- Howard st. : ;. ", «
i YOUNG ' girl 5 wants i situation*: to : assist \ ' n . light
1 housework. Apply ;C28 Harrison, st
A YOUNG girl would like a situation at house-
work. - Call 1348 Webster St.. K S. F.
COLORED first-class laundress wishes a situa-
tion in first-class family; understands the
business In all Its branches; wages $25 to $30.
760 Sixth at., Oakland.
YOUNG lady wants position In office; good pen-
man, accurate at figures; moderate salary;
wn give finest references. Box 1628. Call.
YCoTNG German woman would like a situation
as nurse girl. Call at 108 South ave., be'
tween Richland at. and Crescent ave. ..
A WOMAN would like 3 days' washing and
I ironing a week, Thursday, Friday and Sat-
urday. Inquire 958 Mission st. .
A GERMAN girl seeks employment with small
family: plain cooking and housework; no
washing. Address 620 Commercial st., Swiss
Hotel. . _^
YOUNG lady would like to do washing and
housecleanlng by the day. K. BODN1CKA..
321 Ellis st. .
STENOGRAPHER, expert operator; accurate
and reliable; law and general work; city
references. Box 3518, Call office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads «nrl subscriptions taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bazaar, 633 McAllister st.
• EMPLOYMENT WAXTEP— MALE.
A BIG ' and strong Dane, 1 33 years old. well-
educated, speaking. English and German, en-
ergetic and practical to any kind of work in
city or country, good handwriting, sober and
steady, good foreman, wants a good steady
position; country preferred. Box 1301, Call.
BOOKKEEPERS, stenographers, salesmen,
managers, clerks and assistants of all kinds;
we furnish competent and reliable help that
we can recommend to all positions satisfac-
torily. WILDE & CO., Position Brokere.
vr.U Market, room 16; telephone Black GS73.
TO stockmen and others, position wanted
where there Is both outside and inside work.
1 by man who understands bookkeeping; mar-
ried; good hand with stock; highest refd.
W, H.,,478 Thirty-eighth St., Oakland.
MAN lately from the East, experienced in the
retail grocery business, also as traveling
salesman, wants some kind of a position at
once; not afraid of work; best of ref.; what
have you to offer? Addrees box 1125, Call
orflce. Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS electrician of 1 10 years' expe-
rience desires a position aa building elec-
trician ; or general installng of motors and
generators; can furnish best of references.
Address box 1311, Call office.
YOUNG M.- E.' wants position as draughts-
man: home work preferable; specialist on
gas engines and tool designing; detailing
done neatly and correctly. L. NORDSTROM
910 Pine st. ¦ '
YOUNG man. . thoroughly experienced railroad
stenographer.^- dfslres . evening, work. ' Ad-
dress box 1746, Call office. " , ;_..>•*
' •¦ -' ¦ ¦ .—— ' VI*"*..!.;
COMPETF.NT : young man, stenographer and
¦ typewriter, having over three years' practl*
cal experience, , wishes to secure better posi-'
lion .than his present one;, references.' Box
1317. Call. .
AAA — YOUNG man possessing mastership four
languages, expert * correspondent, manifold
aptitudes and -abilities, executive ability,
open to an offer. Box 1602, CaU office.
YOUNG man wants rosltlon in office: good
penman, honest and. accurate: will work hard
for advancement; will start at moderate sal-
. ary: can furnish bond. Box 1302, Call office.
AUTOMOBILE to drive and "care for by expe-
rienced, "sober, industrious man; private fam-
ily; country preferred: . flne all ¦ around ' fel-
low; best references. Box 1308. Call office.
BRIGHT. : strong, young ' man, . 22.'. wishes ' po-~
sitlon . with - prospect • of .working ¦ into ' good
paying place; not afraid of work 1 and ambi-
V tlous to succeed. Box ¦ 1638." Call office.
GENERAL machinist and engineer, expert on
¦ engines.: pumps'* and • hydraulic ' - : machinery;
first-class references.' want* steady position.
•Address box 1623. Call office.'- . -
SITUATION -wanted by a - handy : and : trust-
'* worthy* man 'of SO: handy with tools: prefer
"some Inside work in «ome' shop;: good work-
er ; Box 1605. Call office. ;
MIDDLE-'AGED man wants" position as coach-.
- man or stableman; thoroughly , understands
¦ horses'— nd* handy, around'- place; . first-class
! .references. Box 1749,* Call" office. ,-' V.-
PRINTER, job , ! compositor., all-round > man,
•-.would .like * situation- In- city or • countrv
Address box 1127,*, Call ; office. Oakland.:. I'
JANITOR wants position' In hotel. Address
"box 1441. Call office. ;
1.5-1 fierce si.
BOY for cartoonist would like position in ad-
.vertlsing firm. Address LEO KRAUS. 708A.
Larkin 6t.
RELIABLE young man (29). anxious to be-
come a chauffeur, would like a situation with
an automobile firm. Box 1442. Call office.
GERMAN barkeeper (married) wishes steady
pcsUion; best of references furnished. Box
1252. CaU office. «
WANTED — Office position by young' - man;
writes*. Spanish. French. English fluently;
references. Box 1270. Call office.
GOOD rough carpenter wishes employment;
city or country: non-union. Box 1262. Call
office. San Francisco, Cal.
BY elderly Swiss-American as carpenter an-i
chorer: city or country: tools on band. . Ad-
dress 1470 S'an Bruno ave.
PAINTER and sign painter, paper hanger, wltfi
tools, wants work; prices moderate. 1272
Folsom st.
GERMAN wants situation about place; city or
country: flne driver; take care cf garden:
- can milk; sober and reliable. Box 12S7. Call.
PAINTING, paperhanging or tinting by com-
petent workman; have tools. PAINTER.
429% Castro st.
BAKER, flm-class. all around, bread and
cake baker and confectioner; country prc-
ferred. BURTON, 102 Seventh st. -t *
POSITION as saw-flier In mill or factory; cltr
.preferred; middle-aged .man; best of city
references. Box 1355. Call office.
SOBER, mlddte-ased man want* steady em-
ployment of some kind; crood worker; small
wages. Box 1253. Call offlc*.
ENGINEER and fireman nants situation: eitr
or country; 20 years' experience. TV". H.
BARKE. 810 Sar^ome st. . .
ENGINEER, steam, gasoline or electrical;
marine license: cood mechanic; sober aiv!
reliable. 42S O'Farrell st.
WANTEDr-By an educated. refined young
man. the care of Invalid gentleman: '¦ refer-
ence clven. Box 1124, Call office, yaklantl.
TYPEWRITER wishes position ; references.
Box 1BC3. Call office^
BOY wishes a position as errand boy. Ap-
ply 23 Rltch st. - - -
AN experienced drug clerk would like a po-
sition ; references. Eox 1631. Call office.
HACKMAN tvou!d like position to attend 2
hori-es- Address box 16T.C. Call of flee.
COLLECTOR— Many years experience: can
give very best reference.' Eox 1713. Call.
NIGHT watchman and hotel' clerk wants
. position: reference. - Box 1730, Call.
OFFICE boy —anted. Box 1300. Call.
BOT wants work after school. Box 16S2. Call
office. ' ¦ "¦' -
BOY wants a Job on ranch. Box 1687. Call
office. .. ' 1 _ •>. '
BOY wants work of any kind.* Address box
1C86. Call office. - . ¦
ALL around laundryman wants p<*Klon to take
charge of institution laundry. Box 1612. Call.
JANITOR with spare time wouM like to occupy
same. N. M.. 615% Nat— aa et. •
WANTED— Work as Janitor. E. S. TAYLOR.
4tt .Fourth st. ¦ ¦' - - ..'
WANTED— Position as elevator. Box l«o.1. CaU
: OtflC«. . •
WASTED — Position «» office boy; good refer-
ences. Box 1652. Call office.
BOY wants Job as office boy. Box 1610, Call
; . Of flC«. ' . -
YOUNG -roan "wants work of any kind. Box
-.- 16CO. Call office. ¦ - - .- r
ERRAND -boy wants position. Address box
-1651, Call office.
PAINTER wants Job. nUSSELL. 13 Third
Ftreet. ; .
WANT a ' position as ' barkeeper. Box 1704,
Call office. ¦ f J '• V ---••••->" - '
EXPERIENCED hotel cvjfc wants situation;
¦city of country. Box 1708. Call office.
W\NTED — A position for a middle-aged man
as porter: willlcc and stronj. Address box
1341. Call "office. „ ¦ " , ,
POSITION wanted br an honest, hardworking
Chinese ' boy : " good cook.' ' French : er '- German
cooking, and good ; housekeeper.- • Box , 131S;
Call: office. ;
For AddUfbrial iClassIHctl Advertise^
men_ See I»ase Foriy-Slx.' HE SAN FRANCISCO - CALL, SUNDAY, AFK1L ;: 17, 1904
46
KMrL4>YMK«T -WA>rTBD«~MAI,n.
OnbOUS m*ti wish** position a* poriw. B««
icie.^ can of»<«. /
/ ¦' r.o-,»»i and »'.».»r m*n wants a piae* a*
hdtia«man in pr'*at* f»j«}|y. Do* 1CI7, Call.
t:'.T (akovt 16 »««r«» wont* pc«tt1an In *
photocroptt ttufllo. J427 Bacrafn»nt» st.
VdllNCJ man «» years ©l«) w*nts position
«o «rlv* qollvfry wa^on. /**? »C50. Call.
MAH want* t>o»Itlnn in eorgntry town •* bed*l
rl*rk. Afldr*** boi lf4C. Call office.
lil!TCIIBn want* position: I* * f«»d h*-»4
¦ t outline *t*a*s. Addr»«* bot 1C47. Call.
V.AWTKD-A Joh a* «lfh*»*h«r. Adflr***
t«* IB4.1. Call offlr*.
t«* «-ier* in a paint hov—.
A(iar**# hf* 1C44, ClUI offl'*. - __ J ___.
\VAVTnT>*-A Job a* port*T In *alwm. A<1-
rtr»»s bot l«42. Call Vffiro.
\\ oa Janitor. Ad<3r«*« hot
tnti. call «*np»j ...
TfiUNO mail irant* • situation In a ship-
ping r*mr*rn. Hot IC3P. Call offlca.
'¦ ANTT.H J»t> u v.iur. T, B. RMI3RI.Y.
4>B rn^y* **¦• - - . -
avTmoo* with hors**; want • J«* *•
bo« IQBO. Call offlot.
K»t;;--'J »>i*n *»»V» pc'lflon •¦ "'•r* In
Whol— *1» riou*». not 10C3. CmU offlc*
TOUNO" boy want* position to «f> *ork a*
r*«h hoy in stor*. A<Mr«ss_bo« I<35. Call.
flOtrfsr. rl»ar,»r w»rt» work. HUPPKIJ*. \l
Third t.
nni.lAUI.K y««jnr man »1st>»* *vr% •*
Mnfly man. Hot 1BBT. Call •f^«^ ,„__
iiATincn; wants tt**O/ position. IL n.. T03
Taylor *t.^
tvXVTICtv^Worli m nirht w*tchm»n. X. O.
rAflOO. 7M Ml«*>on *t.
popjTIoN want*d a* rojd*n*r; country. Dt>m
ICOB. Call offle*. _ _
MAN~«rlih»t »o*ltlo*»: «M»an vo In th* mom-
leg: olty. Pat 1CP8. Call otflo*.
*• typ»**tt*r. Aodr««s
t>os H00. Call offlo*.
youlwa m*n wisbwi a prwltlon a« Janitor In
whf>)»*al* h»u»*. 283© Ml**l»n *u
errnK'TnrPCR *>&u position. Do« itw,
Call offlo*.
WaNTKH— Work of any kind, tt IIAItDim.
ISIT MtMlon *t.
w"ANTi:i>--«Htuatloti a* porter, Addr*** bo»
1744. <_'*ll.
JTlUtlOMT boy want* work In law *>fflea. Dox
_ ICCW. /All. ________
A WINIK5W w«*b*r «*nt* work. Oot IC7I,
run «>rno».
CAItTnNTirn want* wnrV In owuntrr b* day
or contract Aflflr*** bot 1724. «3sll orflrw. _
TOI'RO man «miU position at porl*r. I»ot
ITS", ymll. . „
foniTlfiN want*d a* a roilertor; arood r»f*r-
•*»-••. n"» t»4P. < all fiffir*. *
HTnoN'l young m*n. l». wish** work. Afl-
<1rr«« XV. I'lU.WUJ* 131* Mwn *t
« AUri.NTim. wllh e»p*rl*nr« In Jobbing,
went* »orh. lt..» 1881. Call offlco.
rinATION •* l'Tack*mlth* h*lp*r. Ad-
attm r. Mi'iiPiiT. am miwrt *u
!•¦'.' iTins •* |i|timt»r for r*al estala f.rra.
«,(» no iibjorl. »•>* 1272. Tall uffloa.
ii»WTi<>N »'v t'»'t.or mid «lf*. at springs, for
****»n ll'ia 15.13. r'ail offir*.
rniATI'>N a* porter. Apply at 2S7 Ninth
*( r**t.
MTI'ATION •* JsJittor. Apply at 160 Fourth
Hrxt. _
1"i»»«IT1ON a* bookk»*I*r In «-ho|**«l* hnii**; | ¦
»;p p»r month. Adflrr** U K.. l'~>4 IMh *t. I
Y'^I'N'* t»«n wants position a* porter In hotel. '
tin* 4S. <all Iit««v1>. <"h»n<-)) *n1 Imiu.bh rt*.
tnM)KKi;i;i'i:n nail posittoa not co. call i
branrh "hutvh nnd l»unr«n *ts.
W ANTHIV— Job a* d*y Janitor. tint 1SS».
• "alt offlco.
WACHtNIPT, e*\»*Hrn'-rii In steam and ra*
cn«1n«>. Pox 1357. «>tl.
WANTKt*— fy • ymtn*. m*n. po*Hlon a*
<r«v«itnK *slr*man. Um 185«. Call.
YOl'NOI man want* >'.'wm-h ¦* iiiv good*
foif«nnr Ho* I3.tn. CkVU.
JANITOH want* o*y work. Hot 1461, Call
PrTIvn nr »atrhm*n wont* poaltlon;
refrrrnt-**. Hot 17lR. Call offli-e.
rm»-A position as elevator l«oy. IIos
Call.
«:i>i<:i m»r*nt*r «-ant* work. Hot 1730. Call-
QOOO «"l"«nrr wnnt* work. Ill'SHIvU*, IS
Thltii «t. ___
fvXNTKI"»— Position a* porlfr, Addr»iw T D«l-
tm plao. .
\VANTKI>-«;*riiVnrr nnU housework : un^rr-
«i nn ,i. .-m. kni« ..•«« .'<¦ n«» ims. rail.
1 Ml KM N< II' ,a:.'h (.reman «*nt. «itila-
*H*. .Add, J H. O. P. O, l>o» UK. U«rkcley.
fAtKTEn «h(1 purwrijanBTr with to.il« vinnt*
f,iV. .Ill .t •-otintcy. Hn* 13IS. Call orflc*.
RITt'ATluN ««nto<) a* *ale*man. Addre** Ik>*
HIT;. Call offlc*. _..__..
AN rxurrlrnrM Janitor would like a position;
trfi-renp*. Iktt IflTa. Call.
."tHllTtcW •• tht»>pln*r clerk' wonted. c!
"KttAt^K. itaa M.rtx n.
V*N*T1*l»~%Vork *.* ntuht watchman. K.
lu:l.l.l,TV. SiK Mlwloti »<.
EXPeitrKNCKrTtilevator operator wants p.wl-
tiott. lt.»» ITS*, <•»»._
FTtCNOUItAPIIIClt, >-v>una* man, wish** po*l-
•¦¦¦¦ > ¦".' nrth *t.. i. ¦..!!! =2.
TAIKTrtt *-ant» work. Addres* 1542 ttush *t.
i;Mi:Hli:NOEl> m>n of ramllr want* .hurt*
of ranch r>r will r»nl **m». IVi* 1735. Call.
FITI'ATION wanted a* offlc* ho>. Dot l».\
Call ofnr*.
l>WITl»'N «*.ntrj by r\^i 'r-,. r.) Jonttor; bc»t
rpfrrrMCr* . H.n |Vi* \M1\ Otll.
Want jv>*lilon t* Janitor. Addrvts bo* 1258,
Call t>ffW.
tVAVTCl*— A r«*itl«n °? anr kln<1: »vrk for a
ticrtnan txM «tr IS. Arr'y S.I A Clementina »t.
|tnv «*nt* • ;..^u-..>n »» « c«»h boy. K.
J A N>y r.N. t(V tlowant »t.
t\ ANTri»-A i^*lt|r>« «• flrst hutcher In fir»t-
rla*» hol*l. l%ox IHW. Oill offlce.
Itot n»-;» i-— -.«!. « «* r«i>ri c*ni»r. ISci
IJ«S». <"*!! «rHr».
ltMTNO man «roul.1 Ilk* p«wltlon In grocery
«low. l»«Tt V,Air at.
MTt'ATlON — Any klnij of work; r»f»rrnc**
O<V>t> t>ak*r »ant* work. 8« ll*rmonn »t.
HOT wants position a* tnrasrngvr. 1S11 Mont-
rnm*r}' tt-
tnUtAND boy war.t* wtnk. »W4 Monlr^rnery
•trort,
lw>T •¦•nt* po»UJon •» mef^eRjrer. 1411 Mont*
*t.
BTTVATtON a» MaeVfmith'a helr*r. SM
.'<•• • -r at.
imv grants t<» carry rar*r tvut*. no» IS54,
Cfett*ctt*>v
jrn m fc»uyiT, n<>> »«k r>ii bctwk
r-VKTtCI5tS her at th» track. Bo* l«4ft. C*ll
<nfflc*. •
r AtNTm. with til t.^»; work Tra*<m»h:*.
».>-•!»¦•« IHiintrt-, 1210 MI*»t»rtW «.
BMUlKO »^r »tiw* «ww. iv* i44T, on of-
Be*. • » _*___
A TINT=MTTn want* ww*.; all «n>un4 man.
t\c% 1ST*. Os'.l <fTflv*.
nnsT>-Ol.*.R» machinirt %-t»he» aituatton.
WAN *ant» |w*ttt<Mt •* r«wt.»r. Rc» itTT. C*U )
nfrW. j
UIJUAM) Kiy **«»» fcllualloa; IS«Tt I4M, j
Kt'KSK; **-ur rfferrinf**; <*rm» r*a«en*W*, !
tto* 1ST*. Call orflc*. J
JtorsttMA!* *-«nt» work. nt>"{=EU» 15 Third \
t ;iMt> h.-«-* avv »*r.t» • tttaaUoa; rtfer*
«n.-r* x\s ComntrrvMal *t.
OKKNtAN »v»r«»*^»>r x»n«r.t» »w«itl.-«. a.«.Att»»
i- >* WV W* Market »\.
j^*V *%nt* rKwitton a* aorv«ntant. Box 1454,
f>n »rnty.
JON *. ttHv^r rj«k»ry *mr<m» Ad&vta N-*
!».¦». Call »?»<»¦
Jon «w m';vm*n> l>*tp*r. A«<trpn K:» 1«*T.
C.ll •me*. , J
KMTI.O . MK5T WAilTCD— MALg.
JOli •• effle* bey. Afldres* box 1849, Colt
offl«* • -_ __________
JOB *j sfr«otyp« spprtntle*- A«flre*t tat
ma. Call of fit*.
COACHMAN~"ar»d caxi3»ner; French; *p*aks
Kngllsh; ho* rtttfnw. wishes situation,
city or country. A<J4re«* ANDRI7B, tl7
Stack tc«i St.; phon* Kaln 1804.
A TnrBTWpnTHT. caxeful mWai«-iH ram
w-'iid a*sf»t on a well-manacd chlckvn
ranch* b*»t f>f b*Wts sftfl r*>r<M>ces: ne
hesrr work. II. M., box D». >WW Marfc*t st.
TOUNO man, 21 yntrn, wlshr* to Uarn trad*;
nxx-hanlral or u^holsterlna" preferred,- F.
BOND, M* MarkM *t-. room LA.
V.'AN*TT:t>— Piwltlon ¦« port*r or Janitor by a
mlfl(5i--*r»il nian. CsOJ or address P. K.. 7.7
fourth st,, room 41. /
TJAti"n»NI»r;Tt and flr*t-rl*M rwxer from tb«
Itust would like position; b*«t r*f*r»;jces.
JK.* 65. 100B Market »t.
fot-'NO man wojit* position; will do any kln1
of work. t\ox IC5.1. Call offlc*.
JTriprST^XAKM pulfi'.er, tlnter. good rralner,
wonts steady Job; ml-Jol* agr^. I *' )X^^'£*il:
ijAnTi:NDl5i •'¦nt* m**-?/ rw«ltion: b»*t ol
rnf*r»H'«<*. Aflire** U,» 69. W* Market *t.
CMMPINa \>r*i*» w«iton: th»«trlcal parti**; 127
Tur* *t. Owntr at 040 Howard »t.
OARnlCNKU wiTnt»~»ltuallon: competent to
grow a mlx*d collection or orchids; b**t ol
rtf(*r*nr*B. Address box 1S79. Call offlc*.
A BOUEll. middle-Mud ir.*n want* *t#ady *tn-
iinjni'iit or *om« kind: rood worker; small
war**. no* 16W. Call.
WANTED- A ro*n with ov*r 20 y«ar*' •*-
j~ri«m» In lorgtur, railroad oonatructlrin
and timber ••ttmatlnit would Ilk*, a position
a* travsltng acrnt to look up ttmbar land or
l*k* vhorg* f>f ?*t*n*lv* lotdtln* <^>ef*tl»n*;
Address C, boa 1187. Call offlca.
¦rrnNOORArMEyCVow" man «f ability and
trld* *<p*rt*n«*. competent to tak* antlr*
chore* of correspond *nc* of who1**at* hou»«;
g*n*ral offle* man: understand* syst*matls-
Ir.g of business. A.4ttf bot 1C30, Coll.
VIRST-CLAHS moehtnlst and *nglD**r wants
poaitton; *g* 00; oo« 12 y*ar*' *ip*rl*nc<« in
th* llD*: t* also good draftsman. Dox 1(24,
<;sil of flc*.
TM;nu man from th* J:««t would ilk* a *ttua-
tlon a* aaJxraan; good *ip*rl*nc* in Cry
good* alto Hi* *j*w*lry busin***. Dox 1515,
C*ll efflc*.
AN artlat un6*r*tane'lng th* Inisln*** would
Ilk* to r*n*w old painting*: con patch up
orach* and »n»l«* and mak* It look Ilk* n*w.
T*l*phon* Howard 8034.
A COALMAN, [irdti-r, buttor-maker and
milker: railing of chickens: willing and
otllKlng. C. K., 60« Wa«lilncton st.
EXPnilinVOnn and r*tlsbU rr~-»ry dark
and i.*nrii'ior, marr1*4 m*n. d**lr*s posi-
tion In country. Addr«*s box 8017, Call.
A PAINTKH. ; *i>rrh«r »»-r and tlnt*r wool*
work; rate* r*a*onabl*. or by tt>* day.
Palntor. 737 Harrison *t. ; basement.
T'li'NU man <"<< »mr« of ar*) desire* a posi-
tion • ¦ •i»n.-»n«|.t t ; rood rcfrrance*. 1)72
Chestar *t.. Oakland.
WANTT;r>— C>- ynunr nian <22 r»*r* of *«•)
t>ocltion ¦« r\ »ni ii *f !-.«-i. best of reference*.
V12 Chester *t.. Oakland.
A OOOI> hnn*«t Japan*** want* position «s
m.'k an<1 hpunework In *mall family; pric*
$5 up. TAKA. Ulrphon* Polk 40S5.
nrKPBrTATIl.K Japan*** wlshe* position In
{irlvat* family; woulil Ilk* to tak* car* of
»or»* and cow; n-ac* $'»"'¦ p*r month: *pe*k*
I'nrllsh w*ll; city or n»untry. Uos IV01, Call.
j»i'*M:::n <v<upl« want position; man I*
cnok and «if» for srenrral housework. Ad-
<ln>»* A. rtMii. lid r.viv »t.
Hi>Ni:.-r Jnponep* boy wl*hrs situation to do
houMwork. kati:. 35 wtuinm *t.
JAPANHHr: wants p"»ltlon as cw>k: wages $7
up. Address II AKItV. 10OU II)<1» ct.
nnnT-claii* «'htnr**, cook wants situation In
hntr| or t>o«rillnR hou**; city or country.
fCO I^iwtit st.. Jewelry store.
ViM'ni', Chinese boy wish** position to do any
ktnrt of work. All III5W. 743 Washington sU
CtttNCBS l»oy wl*he» work of any kind In
city or arrt>*» the bay. HI). 1024 Pacific st.
\VANTKI>-Hy a Chin*** l«oy. work of any
kind. Address 1011 Pacific *t.
A ntlANCII office for Call advertlremt nt* and
*ul<*rri|<tlr.n* ha* been e*tabllshed at lin'il
Valencia *t,
CI«Af>RIFIHD adverll«*m*nt* and *obi>rr1ptlons
rer»tx-p<1 nt r»l| t.tmi, h orflre. 2?<1f> KlUmor*.
FLAT* TO LET — Continued.
I TENANTS about to mov* from beautiful n*w
• flat. 1264 California *t. (Nob III!!), will sell
' n*w carpet* to next tenant at bargain.
UPPER flat to Itt: )tm computed; t rooms:
all »unny; grand vl*w; rent $30, 122 Carl
i *t.. n*ar Col*. '
; WANTEI>— Party to shar* a mo<5*ra flat, va-
cant May 1; r«nt $35; nln* room*. Call at
1.103 IS Waller *t. for particular*.
i . i
i DOWNTOWN upp*r flat: sun all day;.marln*
» view; q room*; bsth: $33. 70»JH Pin* si
• DOWNTOWN moa>rn sunny flat; 9 room*,
I bath; ev«ry convenience. 038 Post, nr. Hyfl*.
ELOIN PATIK av*., 7fl — $10; 2 lorg« sunnjr
room*; yard; *«r<ar*t« entrance.
FLAT, S rooms and bath; $20. 1C09 Fbisom st.
1 OUEBN, 2003— flunny English ba*»ment f.at:
bay vl*»w;*7 rooms, bath; lawn rear.
IlAYKa. 1747— Lower mod»m *unny flat, neat
- Park; S room* and bath; $22.
LAKH st. n**r Ninth av».— Two new e>room
[ flats; rtnt tZ5 and $30.
I LAtlOKflT Hat Of hou»-» and flat* to let. Call
on LYON & HOAO, llfl Montgomery '«•
' UDERTY, 70— New, G-room and bath flat;
MsMtMti
| McALLISTI:r lOW— I>ower ninpr flat, n«»f
Park; In r«ar; r*nt $11.~>- —
NEW uppw 7 room*, bath. *to.; marine view,
i 1S20 PacJflo av.
NICK mldUl* flat of 7 room* */id bath. 601
Arhbury *t., cor. I'age; rtnt reasonable.
N1C1D low<r DM.' 114* Welsh St., n*ar Fourth;
S room*: rant cheap.
PAGE. 1C46— riot to lot, 0 room* and bath;
r*nt $20. '
i PIERCE. 2035— Elegant, up to dot*, e-rootn
low*r fiat; go* and eWtrlolty.
SUNNY upt>er flat of 6 room*. 81 Mo** St.,
tioar Fotsrtm; rtnt cheap.
' TURK. 1218— Bunny low*r flat: thret rooms;
window* all around; $12 month; yard.
UPPER flat, 7 sunny rooms and bath. 201 1H
Sutter rt.
B NIC13, larr*. sunny rooms, lower flat; rtnt
$22 50. 2?6H Halght *t.; k*y at 220 Halght.
113 — UPPKTt flat of 4 tunny room*; 27 P*arl
• t.. off Market, near Valancla.
$20-5 ROOMS and bath; no children, t.22%
Lyon tt.. near Fulton.
KI.ATH TO LHJT — I'UUNISIIKD.
PINB, 710, near Powell— $126 p*r month: ele-
gantly furnished bouse of 7 rooms and bath;
• II tuodwrn convenience*. Von ltheln Real
I>tat« Co., 613 California *L
I'AGIS, 1802—Bunny, ft-room flat; nicely fur-
nished; on* block frora park; for. summer
months; {37 50.
NI.'W flot. 4 bay-trindows: deslrabl* location;
rent only $.'(3; furniture for sal* cheap.
M. C, Ihii 12C7. Call.
CAPP. 014— Desirable, 6-room flat; piano;
coal snd gas rang*; rail between 11 and 4.
FURNISHED flaT 1 rooms; 726 14th *t.;
north of Market; modarn flot; carpets new.
FURNISHICD flat for salt or rent. Stt Mon-
ro* »t.. off Hush, above 8tockton.
O'FARRKLU lf>20— Furn. or unfurn. 4-r. par-
lor flat; also 3 newly furn. room*; reasonable.
BOUTH PA RK. 7»— Furnished upper flat of
0 room*; rent reasonable. Apply 1:80 to 6.
TO parties without children; pleasant furnished
flat; housek'p'g. 21&0 Clinton ave., Alameda.
TUKK. 11M— Well furnished flat, 0 rooms;
bath; piano; carden; 1 to 5 p. m.
WALLKIt. CM. corner Carmellta— Modern flat.
7 rooms and bath.
4 ROOMS, furntshad, $25. 162S Waller street.
KI.ATS KOll SALIC — KUHMSII1SD.
NEW carpet* and furnishing* ot "-room flat for
sale at *reat bargain; flat rent* for $37 50
prr month; lea** Indeflnlt*. Inqulr* at 770
Cole »t
LOVKLY new flat; nun In every room- furnlnh-
eit alniovt new; cheap rent: $2$5. Call 10 to
8. 242 Noe St.. near Market.
LOVELY o*w flat; sun in every room; furn. al-
most pew; cheap rent :| $285. Call 10 to 3,
242 Noe *t.. near Markit.
. Itg^»* •tVASTTISP— FEMALE— -Cims.
COOK for AUiika..........................$40
I Cook-Iios* Valley... $30
Cook, no washing........ ...$35
Cook and second girl, name houi«.cHy.$S0-S25
1 Cook, small delicacy store... ......... ....$30
Housekeeper. 2 prieA*. .$30
Cook on ranch. . . .¦.-.-; .,;...;...........• . .$30
Housework, Cheyenne, 2 famllles.far* paid. $30
Cook, small country hotel. *5°
I-aundrass f^r Menlo Park "?•""fl 0
H second girl*..,. $25
Maid and *«*nmrea«, sleep borne... ..'..;.$25
' 3 rastaurant waitress**., ....$3 woek
3 w»ltr«ites, country hoteU.......«".--.-f25
8 men «»d wives..... $60 - $60
2 troners for laundry .' $10 week
Cleaning woman ...$20
, • Nurre for 2 children..............---"" >$30
All 100 eirt* to call Monday-for housework,
good famillot, . best of rrages, city and
country. Apply to '
J. Y. CRO8BTT it. CO.. 834 gutter st.
MAN and wtf* for 'private place; country: •««
party hire. J.F. CROSETT Sc CO., 331 8utt«r.
' AT COS MeuKon; AIRS. WALSER. Tel. Black 1533
Cook and bou»ework, 2 In family $20 0u
Nursegtrt .....*20 00
1 Cook and housework, 3 In family.... $25, 00
Cook ind houeawork; 4 In fa.mlly......$30 W
, Cook for Alaska .....$40 00
Nuux-glrl. 3 children .../.. ..$25 00
A— 4 BRIGHT young todies 'as ealeslsdle* In
candy store; no experience necessary: $7 a
. wk.. lncr*a*>. MR8.M.E.DAT.851 O'Farrell.
STXPETUE^CUD OVERALL OPERATORS ON
BUNDLE WORK. COTTONADE DEPART-
MENT, STANDARD FACTORY, CORNER
OOUO1I AND GROVE STS.
, A— EXPERIENCED operator* on ahlrt waist*
and ladl**' underwear; day pay; steady
work: girl to **w on button* and helper.
1429 Mission st.
LADIES— $13 p*r week sewing at home; ma-
ttrlal* fre*; no canvuslng; beautiful saro-
pla sent fr*« on receipt of addresied en*
v«lop*. Majeatlo Lac* Co.. New York.
WANTED— 000 ladle* to learn In 10 minute*
to clean their own kid gloves; no fake; com*
pl*t* Instruction* mailed for 60a. St. Paul
Cleaning Co., box 1540, Santa Barbara, Cal.
' WANTED— Reflnsd middle-aged woman to do
light housawork In, family of 2; good plain
cook; short dlstanc* In country:* reference*.
46 O'Fmrrell it., room 10; call Monday p. in.
$1 WERT hour you work placing Allen'*
Kushlon Kumfort Shoes; outsell everything;
no risk. Call or writ* Kushlon Komfort
Agency. 1233 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
MAK 12 money at home, city or country; no
agency or canvaMlng; particulars for stamp.
California Novelty Company, Twentieth and
Mission sts.. San Francisco.
LADIES — To do piecework at home; we furnish
* all materials and pay from $7 to $12 weekly.
Send stomped envelope to Royal Co., 84— E—
Moruoe *t., Chlcugo.
WANTED — Five energetic woman; must fur-
ii lull beat of references; must be neat In ap-
pearance. 13l> Montgomery st.
, A GIRL to assist with housework; $15 per
month; no wash. 2424H Sacramento su;
phon.i Geary 2143. - •
BRIGHT }-oun<c trlrl for assistant book-
keeper; clear-headed and accurate In figures:
machinery and tool business, llox 1727. Coil.
EDUCATED woman; calory $30 a month
guaranteed; 0 a. m. to 2 p. m. 037 Bush St.,
room 611.
WANTED — Experienced shirt waist saJes-
woman. Apply bet. 0 and 11 a. m. at HALE
* IJROS.
WANTED— Saleslady thoroughly posted on
toilet article*. Apply Superintendent'* office,
The Emporium. •
. A — WANTED — Operators on ladles' underwear;
good wages. t£Q Mission *t.. third floor.
AN exrerlenced bookkeeper wanted. Addre**
box 1257, Call office.
WOMAN to waeh. Apply Monday 1024 Shot-
well at.
FIRST-CLASS walfll and skirt finisher*; also
helper*. Room A, 121 Post st.
WANTED — First-class alteration hand* on
coat* and skirts. CAILLKAU'S. 114 Kenrny.
FlNfSIIERS on pants; al*o o;>eratorB; steady
work. Call Monday, 330 Clementina at.
WANTED — Finishers and buttonhole makers
on vests, il Eddy st., room 01.
WANTED — Young «irl to take care of baby.
2228 Polk st. ~.
Ff ELP WAXTED*VMALE— Contlnned.
OPEN TO-DAY. ,'
. lj .SUNDAY 8 TO 12. M.
MURRAY £ READY. 634-638 Clay •*•
PHONE MAIN 5848.
., Loading Employment and: Labor Ag*nts.
EVERY EMPLOYER OF; HELP
FURNISHED with first-class ', skilled - and
unskilled ' help. . "'•'¦'"'
EVERY MAN WANTING WORK.
If competent to fill position, / YOU CAN
HAVE IT.
IN OUR OFFICE
ALL MEN ARE EQUAL— NO DISTINC-
TION.' -'¦' --;.'-
L,l±,. ' WE SPEAK
-GERMAN, GREEK, -ITALIAN.
SPANISH, SWISS. " ;' FRENCH.
IN 1003 we gave During 1004 we hope
work to 00.000 men. to ¦ lncrea*« 60,000.
YOUR FARE FREE. LOOK— FREE FARE
• . TO STATE OF NEVADA. * .
If you *tay four months. ¦> • THAT'S ALL.
U. 3. GOVERNMENT WORK.
263 two-l-orte t«am*ter*. tW. '
io6 laborer*; you'll »ult; $t». I
85 drillers, rookmen; hammermen; $75.
J2 machine drillers, $90.
Eight hours' work dally; hundreils- going ;
# ARE YOU?
' -II— FEE— THAT'S ALL— $1. -
ARIZONA. ~ - ARIZONA.
Center of great mines, land of aunshin*.
BIG WAGES.
010 mfles,v$I> 10.
2o3 teamsters, laborers, drillers, eto.,,,12
to S.1 50 day. . *
CLOSE TO , PRESCOTT. /
IN CALIFORNIA— - 4
25 laborers, ilg- mine co., $75, $67 60.
12 machine miners, gold quarts. $90. -
18 muckers, sold quartz, $67 50. '
,,„ , TO FARMS, DAIRIES, ETC.
- i. rm i orrnard and vineyard hands, all
.over California: $:.'&, $2rt, $30 fd.
lu **?$ ' t*arnsters. $20, $30 fd.
M milkers, located everj'wbere, $30, $35 fd.
'5» b ""er-maJteri!, separator, tenders, etc..
$25 $n'6 ta chorcboyi> men ' etc -> $13. $20.
CI/OREMEN, OARDENERS. STABLEMEN.
18 stablemen, city, country, $35 and fd. to $78.
V^a men> chor «nien and roustabouts, |2S
and $30 and found.
6 farm hands, orang* groveo, $25 found.:
Man understands little gardening, $30 fd.
Stableman, mine town, $30 found. .',
4 men plant vineyards, laborers will do, $28 fd.
Il(f a f ' •oni« vegetable, som* flowers,
MEN AND WIVES, -'- '
5 milkers and wives, farmers and wives,' etc,
$50 and found. ¦ •
. x MECHANICAL,
a coopers: 2 machinists, $3 25 day; machine
blacksmith's helper. $76; 2 gang foremen.
Nevada, boss here; 3 tallymen, lumber com-
pany. $3 day; planer and sticker hands, $3
day up. ... -- .
Carriage blacksmith, BOo fare, $3 day.
0 blacksmith helpers, tack on shoes, $2 to
$2 25 day.
Sticker hand, city mill, |4 day. '
12 blacksmiths, different Jobs.
2 brick loaders, exceptionally good Job, $2 00
day. . • • j
Blacksmith, all round shop, fare $1, $2 50 day.
Gang edgerman. fare $1 25, $55 to $70 found.
„. WOODCHOPPERS.
255 men to cut wood oil over California.-
LOOK!
12 laborers, far* $1, steady Job, $1 75.
12 teamsters, fare 81, steady Job, $1 75.
Eaktern young man, milk 20 cows, $30 fd.
Oerman-Swlss, milker, city, $35 fd.
2d utableboy, 18 years, millionaire's stable,
$20 found.
Boy, grocery store, city.
12 nheep herders, Nevada State, $35. found.
Sheep herders, Yolo County, $30 found.
Milker and wife, boss at our t>fflc«, $00 fd.
2 stablemen, mine town north, $33 fd. each.
4 vine grafters, boss here, $2 day found.
HOTEL DEPT.
18 cooks for hotels, saloon*, mine*/ cafes,
ranches and summer resort*, $3o, $40, $S0
and tOO and found.
18 waiters, different Job*. $25. $30. $35 and fd.
12 dishwashers, $20, $23 and $30 and found.
2 bellboys, first-class hotels. $15 found.
8 hotel porters, $20, $25 found.
BAKERS.
Cook, baker, small shop, country, $55 found.
Pastry cook and baker, city lnstltutlon,$40 fd.
2 bakers, 2 helper*. $'40. $.H0. $00 found.
LAUNDHYMEN.
Laundryman, city institution, $35 and found.
12 laundrymen, different classes of work.
6 helpers, no experience wanted, come see us.
Cook, Santa Clara County, $50 and found.
Night cook, far* 60c, $33 and found.
Camp ctfok. city, few men, $40 found.
Elevator boy, extra good hotel, $10 found.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, drive wagon, tend shop, $40 found.
LOOK
W laborers, you'll suit. $C0.
MURRAY & READY. C34 and 630 Clay St.
BIG MONEY MADE. - ¦
83 woodchopptrs; Mendoctno County; 4-ft. pin*;
$1 25 cord; boss at our office to-day.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 63C Clay st.
'AMALGAMATOR. $90. ,."¦¦¦ ".
_ : [\ jHlSLP. WASTED— MALE--COB. « ¦
AT j THE CALIFORNIA ; EMP.'.AOENCT. , *;
¦ 14 Third st.: phone, Bush 405.'
"... . i, NEVADA. „-¦,
GOVERNMENT WORK; 8 HOURS.
Teamsters, laborers and drilltrs, $2 tolJM
a day; ship daily; fare refunded ; 2 year*
work • ' •- ¦ ¦':¦
4 ranch' hands, Sonoma County. $26 and.fd.
-2 ranch teamsters, $35 and found. . .-¦¦¦
3 ranch hands, Sonoma Co.. $25 a month,
board. and; bed. •¦ ; . - -.-.--» ; -s
4 laborern. city, 0 hours. $2 25 a day.
4 men for. rock -auarr>v $«0 a month.
3 . carpenters. 8 hours. $3 50 a \day.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
.820 — Montcomery st. — 526. . :
Phone Main 1101— Upstairs. ¦'
* NEVADA— 8 hours — Government work.
Cheap fare — Teaimter*. laborers.
Blacksmith, mine, south, good lob, $3.
5 more 'laborers, free -fare, near city, ship
- to-day, . $2; ' 3 woodchoppers. i mine, \ south,
$37 50 found; 8 laborers. Urge lumber co..
$32 found; 10 boys, box factory, country.
$1 65; 10 farm 'hands, $26 to $30; 6 car-
penters,- long Job, north, $80, found: third
cook, city hotel; porter, "city hotel, $20. '
Open to-day; Sunday, 10 to 12 m. " .
. PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT . AGENCY.
V (OPEN . SUNDAY. 8 TO 10.)
AT CONTRACTORS" AGENCY.
85 Third st. * Telephone Main 5523.
First-class waiter, olty hotel, $50 and board ;
cook, city hotel. $40 and board: 5 ranch hands,
near city, $1 25 and board; 10 laborers, near
city. 32. • V,
Teamsters for Nevada. .$2 23
Laborers . ** °°
HORD St SMITH.
WANTED — Men and women to loarn th*. bar-
ber -. trade; the latest 1 and most improved
method of teaching; the only Incorporated
barber school with branches in th* leading
cities on the coast. For particular*, call or
address the Western College of Barber*. 647
Commercial st., San Francisco, or 208H
South Broadway, room 20, Los Angelas.
WANTED for Fifteenth Cavalary Bond— 1 cor-
net player. 1 alto player, 1 doubl« B bass
player, 1 *Hd« trombone player. Apply at
Reorultlng Offlc*, Rlalto building. New Mont-
gomery st.. Ean* Francisco. Cal. '
WANTED— An all-around tailor, c.yable of
taking care of a business in absence of pro-
prietor for 4 to 6 months: good for $100
.a month; young man preferred; must b* sober
and industrious. 133 Hayes st. -
WANTED— Ten men each State to travel, tack
sign*, distribute circulars and samples- $60
per month; $3 per day for expenses. KUHL-
MAN CO.-. Dept. M 4, Atlas block. Chicago.
SALESMAN wanted by prominent manufac-
turer; must have good record and experience
drumming retail trade; permanent position
and liberal salary to right man. Address
box 1(«7. Call office. . - * -
WANTED — Salesman for retail business; glv*
reference, experience and line most familiar,
' with; moderate salary to start; steady posl- i
tlon.and good chanca for advancement. Box
1721. Call office. . v_
EXPERIENCED jewelry assortment salesmen;
proposition entirely new; a repeater; experi-
ence, references, amount of business done, re-
quired with' application. GALLOWAY-Mc-
ALL1STER & CO.. Chicago. . ;
RAKE opportunity for three specialty salesmen
who can make good; references, age. experi-
ence, territory ami annual sales, first letter.
GALLOWA Y-McALLISTEIt & CO.. Chicago.
WANTED — Salesmen; very large commissions;
weekly settlement*; workers make*flOO per
week: excellent side line; no samples; refer-
ences required. F.Hammar Paint Co..St. Louis.
EXPERIENCED salesmen, or physician not
practicing, to sail to doctors outside city;
established trade; permanent; remunerative.
P. O. box 858. Philadelphia.
WANTED — An experienced salesman for wines
by a Urge wlnehouse; only salesmen thor-
oughly acquainted with the wine trade need
apply. Box 1310, Call office.
YOUNO man with thorough knowledge of
bookkeeping In a position where bond is re-
quired. Address, stating age, experience,
references and salary wanted, box 1354, Coll.
WANTED — Five energetic -men; must furnish
best of references; must be neat in. appear-
ance; don't apply If you drink or gamble.
i:;u Montgomery *t.
WANTED — Hustlers to tack signs, distribute
circulars samples etc.; no canvassing; good
pay. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chicago.
BRIGHT atronK rtore boy about 14, for ma-
chinery and -tool business : Apply 68 First
«t., Monday. 8 to 9 a. m. ' •
TAILOR— First-class .assistant foreman: on«
able . to 'ko on floor' and 'take charge • of
room. 8. N. WOOD «c.CO. •
TBT cur men'* .*£. j^ffJ^Afi bS!
ffgy^g^yS^ *t 12 50; w. p, y
— — T nniti* ,r "40 Pb«laa bldg.
Py.ion^j^^^Vo^ O. A. B.
W^CHESTER^T44 Third
and from ferry.
Open until 11 P. "*• . .
ing. S. F. _
SALESMAN and solicitor. Mutual Investment
Co.. 487 Parrott building. -• , • |
¦ BOBSBa ASP WAGO5S.
as reprinted or money refunded. JOHN J.
DOTLE. Auctioneer. -
WANTED- A one-horse covered sprtnr T**?"?
suitable for delivering mineral Tf 1 "'" 0 ."
gallon demijohns: must be in good condition.
Addres* D. KOEHLER. Paso Roble*. Cal.
AT auction Monday April 18 gjl°£"*'
at 615 Ellis *t . a lot of w«ll broken norso*.
S. WATKIX3. auctioneer. - -
HIGH-clasTpacer: record 2:20: can do
bike buggy; harness, etc.; for saU chea»v
1000 Geary *t. '"
EECOND-HAND open hack^ w **°?5Jb^tt5I
seaters and business buggie*. COKVILI*
MANUFACTURING CO.. 48 Eighth St.
CAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
session begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR.. E. J. CREELET. 610 Golden Oat* af*.
FINE river bottom pasturage: green feed year
round: near BUck Diamond. Contra Co»t*
County. Address Nucleus. 190 Stevenson. S.T.
CARRIAGE for sale— Reasonable pricej may
be seen at Dwlght-way Livery Stable. Ad-
dress DR. F. H. PAYNE. Berkeley.
GOOD light surrey In perfect order: also
phaeton Apply A. ROY HARRISON. 140
Geary, st. >
A GOOD delivery horse, $30; camp wagon;
young big horse. $65; harness. 1615 Folsom.
A NO. 1 Jersey and Durham cow and calf for
sale. 1333 Vermont st.. near 24th.
GOOD driving horse; call and inspect: $75. L,
J. MORAN. 2131 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
HORSE for sale. 2458 San Bruno av. »
COUPE rockaway for sale; perfect condition.
21 Eleventh st. - __ >
TWO wagons, buggy and cart; must be sold.
2728 Bryant ave.
FOR SALE — Wagonette almost new; hotel or
private. Box 1675. Call office.
FOR. sale — New at 1 second-hand wagons. 1615
Market st.. opp. Franklin. •
FOR sale — One mule, good pack animal, at
ROBERTS'. 1615 Market st. . , .
WANTED — A good driving horse for buggy*
Box 4142, Call office.
WANTED — A gentle saddle horse: one- that a
lady can ride. Box 3036, Call offlca.
"WANTED — A good driving horse; must b*>
sound and reliable. Box 3060. Call office.
FOR sale cheap; 2 horses, harness and wagoa
in good condition. Coll Sunday. 721 14th mU
FOR sale — Handsome trap; cheap. Box 1215,
Call office. J
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd. sur-
rey.harness, work, driving horses. 15tn- Valencia.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Coll.
18 pare*. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list of houses to let: send for dr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
LANGTON *t-. off Bryant — 4 rooms, yard and
basement: $11. Apply G. A. LEROUX. 29
Sjj»»- -¦¦ r* .-»«•!-. ¦ -j ., ¦ I
«nooM fumuhrd fiat. $n30: want lot. or
what hav* youT l«fl* 1«B, rail office.
FtKAWCIAIV
FO17H thousand *hare* In an oil company cper-
nitnir In Hip nl<ie*t produclnn <li*trict in Call-
Tnrnt* for'nale; property I* absolutely proven.
b i>l»: t\nw iiavtne l'"-tt rtmrk: the surronnd-
inn r»r>r r »i>' har \>^rn proJudnjt for many
vr*r*; will srli at thirty cent* a share; *tock
In Ihl* company li»» nevrr Ix-^n nffrred for
r>VlMlc *n1». Hnx 1-'«!N Cnll nfrice.
vi7at»~t6 i.i :r.
TO le**e— A maa-nlficently appointed top fiat
t>f larc* ro»>ms «rni two batli rooms on a
mtnny curner on Ooldrn Gate ave.; bedroom,
rtrwlTlt mom «n<l moln imthrrmm en suite;
hsthronm *. fin* exatui-le of mi->drrn ptumb-
Inc *nii tlirj wall*: full length mtrrv>r« In
ili^-*»'ln|t-nH»»T>; thrfe lartfe open flrrplm-e*;
rtanlw.MKi flour* In llvin«^iK>m. reception
hall, dlntne-rontn and llhrnry; library pan*
r\cA In Flemish oak. Ix^k «-ases and seals;
«UnlnE-t-p<<rn walls nnd t-rlllnt finished en-
tirely In Kleml*h onk; electric lent switches
" In all rOOSfitj ln*tantanrou« wntrr heater to
botler; larc» attic rtorfrvom; ttcaullful view
t>f rnlllr . il> fl-otn all *t.lr«
('•n l>e *er>n by nrjr>nlntm''nt only; , re-
•t^nnhle faitlr* rnly; r»>nt $75. water In-
riB4a4i win I* Icawcd for no shorter p*ri>>l
thOM on* year. Ad>irr*« box 1734, ObII office.
AAA— IIOt'HE UENTINa PKPAHTMENT.
Ail desirable vacant h.m«o» n nl fi*is ar* list.
•4 In «ur fr»>-> rvnttns; drwirtment : over 1000
In number; a combined lt*t from all airencles;
let u* rive you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; *ervlc» fre*.
6TEUUNU FI'nNlTlTUK CO.,
1«HI MAIIKET ST..
:_r_- OrPC'SlTK McALUSTKR.
A- lioi'prs and fiat* to let; an Immense ll*t;
service at-*olutriy free: take advantag* of
this department; it will *«v* vnu tiro* and
tmuM*. Cord** Furnltui* Co., 2*:-2.v.» Geary
»i . an th* njimm.
A— WA^IIINOTON. 3129. near Baker— XTpper
flat: 7 room* and hath: light and *unny;
rard. 5PKC1C A CO, 2W Montgomery st^
A — *TEINEW. 117. nrar Duboc* Tark— Mldlte
flat: * rooms. Hath- sun all day; snap.
PPKCK * CO.. too Montgomery at.
niOlirrcnNTll. near Valencia—New flat, ft
renmi uti.l hath; all modern Improvements.
PUlh. near Hryant— Two fiats of 4 room*
each; 17 W» each. Apply to O. A. LJ1IIOUX,
C!> N*w MiintctMtwry «t.
TO let— -$2tt prr month; handxom*. new, sun-
ny iTHfr flat, Q room* and bath; corner
IMh and Onvtro »im . 2 hlock* from Market;
v.ntrr. jsnttnr ari-i athniMn natd; open to-
day. niVKRS l«nos*.. 203 Montgomery *U
IIANPSOMH Vunny flats of « iwrni and l^th
rarh; ]uK r.:i:*'«-.i. numben &20 and 522
A»hhury *t., h«-tt»-een fatr and lialcht:
rwit S3T 50 eath. n. U. CUANSTON A
K*»N8. 114 Mont-primrty «t.
TO let — J32 W» r»cr month; rsanivme, new,
sunny flat, rt rwrn* and hath; 1310 Uaye*
*«., «e*r l>e\-l*«dero. iUVCIUS BKOS., SCO i
Montcmmrry urert,
A-~ICl<KilANT medem flat of S rwrni onJ
ttath: r;.vi.i r.-ntisii' vlrw. IMS Vallejo *t .
t»r*r «;.-utJi; r»n» chr«j».
BAKEIt. 753— Vrry fln» modern middle flat,
« n>fima, bath; very *unn> ; new; «>pen
plumbing.
BltO AlUVAV, 12CX near llrde— Neat bay
wln.low flat, « r&tra tare* rv>om»; reduced
t.> $14. .
CI43."»ANT »»w flat. « Urr* *nnny rvicms, all
roodcit*: jrnt low \t% rT«pon*:b!e p«rtr. S74
Valencia »t., near Twralirth.
BMEOANT C and 7 t>v>m ft»t»; just <vmpleiM;
No» «., hetween Firto«ntb and Henry, ©n«
Mock north «t Uarkrt,
j FINK n«w m<*8*m tnUMlr Bat e.r P rrtom* and
l««h. IT33 mne «, near Frankttn; rent
niMdMMsjb
MASiW. KIN rt««r Pin*— New mr.r.r Rat nt 0
moms, hath. «ll»r; rent J42; «dttU>: rein-.»-
i «cnt; oprn,
! Moiirtiuc wrper ftav tt r\f>©Tn* r«r>l $5*
•.:ri»- nrewiway. near Van N**» av«u; key
In haw niMt. '
i NKW upr»r n*t. 1»4» Orren *t.: 7 rewms and
i-.v.!i. r.r.'.^v.rd attic; marine vt»*r; prat i-e-
<!ue»rt,
NICK *unrjr lcw»r R*t. SS3 l*>-«.t *u, near
« meat* and bath; rent reasren-
««-¦.<-.
Kr.VKXTKrNTlt, «l?a «*ar C»»*ro-«, car»—
Modem tur.i j «;,r<r Cat. * iw«« bath and
K^»«rnvrnu
A NKW T-rw-jM «n4 W»ta leww R*t; l*te»t Im-
rtroxicment*, stja v, iw.cn. b«*. SM and 84th,
CVWnEKLANtl, SS4, h*t. JWh %3A 20th. »»**r
, Ohurvh— Tic* mod. Sat, 6 nsm., bath,«tc,;$20.
pmi *aie— t nirnimifn rooms ana oatn; ail
r«ntea; tirlc* $2U0. «1I(VA Fourttl at.
NICELY furnished fiat. C moms and bath, for
»al«: rent ch«ap; $325. 301 Fulton st.
FfllNlSHEP fiat for »ale. 20 Franklin st.
9 HOOM8 and bath, furnished, at 314 Gounh
*t., for sale at low price; going to Europe.
KDUMTIRK FOU SALE.
Ft.'UNiTUIlE— IJidy who Is leaving city will
srll very reasonable new modern furniture
of 4 room*. Apply from 10 a. m. to 7 p. m.,
1M8 llrvadway, near Van N<>s ave.
«*HHArKST plare to buy furniture, stoves and
bousrhold gmds: fiat* bought. Mission Auo.
lUmw. 42i»-4.t» Valencia; tel. Church 3S70.
KUUNITV'RE of R rooms for sale cheap; rent
reasonable. Apply 813 Folsom St., upstair*.
NEW furniture of R-room house; house to
rent; modern. 21 SI Grove tt., Oakland.
A «i nBtUlOOM »rt for rale cheap at 525
Hnlrht *t.
KURMTUItK WANTKD.
~ AftE LEVY. ~
Faieoroom, 1133 Market st. Tel. JessI* 7(11.
IV»n't sell your furniture, carpet*, offlc* fur-
• nlture.. etc.. until you «et hts estimate.
CIIAS. LEVY & CO. pay highest prlee for rur-
nlture. carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission: tel. Rush 407.
A. L. STOKIIS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, r»rprt». etc.; tel. Larkln 3<3l. 634 Ellis.
A. WOLI.PEHT. 773 MlMlonTphone Red 44«2.
buys, rents, repair*, packs furniture, carpeta.
B. T. SC11ELL. 2412 Mission, tel. Church B57O.
pays best price* for furniture, carpet*, etc.
HIGHEST prices for furr.lt ur* and mdse. I. H.
niiRD, auctlonrer.l-SIS Mkt. :tel.Howan1 275«.
IIICLI* WANTliD KUMALIi
MISS PLCNKETT, Employment Bureau, 423
Putter »t.. near Powell.
A flrit-i J.1K* cook, also a second jclrl for pri-
vate family In Southern California, $50 and $30;
references from private families necessary;
lady c*n be *ren In the office.
A woman with little girl for plain laundry
v-tk In «u institution, $20.
A woman with one child as working house-
keeper for small farm, short distance from
City. $25. .
Twenty-five good housework girls for city
ar.<l country; wsfes $20. $25 and $30.
Four rood hotrl waltresseg for city hctels,
$» each. Call.
MISS PI.UNKim\ 425 Sutter St.. near Powtll.
Office houi-c — M30 a, m. to 5:30 p. m.
Not open on Sunday.
AT MISS PLUNKETTS Employment Bureau.
425 Sutler t-t., near Powell. -
A cook and second girt for American family,
$30 and $'>\); place In San Jos*; party to b« seen
In city: e\pfn*es paid.
A laundress and chambermaid for prtvato
family In city. $S0.
A cook for small Institution In citr; $30
(k.v.1 r-.utn cck»klnif nece«**rjr— nothing fancy).
A reliable laundrr** by the day. $2 a day.
Call at MISS PLUNKKTTS, 425 Sutter St.,
near IVwell. ' Office hours «:30 to &:30 p. m.
Not own Bunday.
AT MISS 1'LUNKrrrrS Employment Bureau,
42ft Suttrr *U. wear Powell.
A »'«n;»irc^ (murt rut and fit plain things)
for a few week** work. $2 day «J»d found.
A ? .-iint «<\nutn to watt on lady two hours In
the mornlttor and two hours In the afternoon, $3
a i\fck.
A mine for one cMM t year old; pUoe. Is In
the countrj" $!&¦
A «aftm« and parlor tnald. San Mateo; 5;U1.
Call *t MISS rU'XKKTTS, «25 SUtter St.,
near ivucn. Otflce hour* S:SO «. m. to 6:30
p.. m. Not open fundav.
A VM'Nii girl to run errands and make her*
vclf «riirt«!i> *»<-rul In office; no otCce tee.
MISS PLLN KirrT, 425 Sutter St.
A— WANTKD— <5irt* ti» learn halrdresalng.
montcuMnr, «»n\; trad*, tancht from A to «5
In 2 w*«k*: ?5 to those entering now; 3 po-
rtttons in till ImnM^lUtely; positions guaran-
teed *t *iv per *Mk ur>; leading school in
\\ ert. aa tt»ary »t. t room 13.
A— Glrlt to learn millinery now for spring sea-
er-n: Ivth *ea*o:v* tau&tit fr\»m fi.-.u to fins>n
In 1 Rtnr.th for ?1K: •.vslti.nu a« trimmers.
m!c>:«.'.ks, etc.. ruaranteed at $10 per wk up;
<A*Y and evectrur da**. 143 Stockton st.. r. 13.
A — 1>A tUKS to iesj-n all branches balrirtssing
trade, manicuring, mature. *tc 1238 Mar-
Mt «t., cor. Jcncn, < room 9t\ portUwn* secuml
at hlffc«*t >uft>; <Aay and eve. cla»; call.
LAt>lKS«-$13 per xtc*k tewing at home; ma-
terial* free.; no car.vasxir.p: l>eautlful »-»m-
p4* eent rre« on receipt ot ad<tr««*e<il envelope,
M«4r»tlc 1 «»•» Co., Now York.
WANTEtv— O.mpMMJl *tenoBrapher; state tx
p*ri<-«c« and salary «xp«cted. Adiress box
*m. Call ofBf». - ¦.¦'.'-..'-:-:
A— TVAXTKD— Operators oa ladies* w»l*«;
rood « * $ f*. CM Mission n.. i&rd Coor.
WANTED — Girls to work at tlie mangle. The
' French Laundr>' Company, 3JTT2 Mission *t.
GOOD cook wanted: wagea $30; call Monday
forenoon. "320 Hroadway. • -/
GOOD tallornss; must be competent to help on
all kinds of work. l.'i.S Hayes st. .
WANTED — Olrl to do general housework;
wages $20. 701 McAllister st.
WOMAN for general housework. f«72 Harrl-
son st. - ' • "'
WANTED — A steady and reliable srlrl for gen-
eral housework. Call 720 IVialta ave,
YOUNO Kill to care for baby and nsnlst In
light housework. liox 174 rt. Call.
AN e\i»erltneed girl for candy store, with refer-
ence; no other* need apply. 1761 Fillmore st.
A KUtST-CLASS finisher on emits to work In-
slde. ltosenblum A Abraham. 1103 Market st.
KIRST-rlans rants finisher wanted; steady
work; at 620 Montgomery st., room 8.
I'KSK room for stenographer In exchange for
work. Box 127U..Cal! office.. ..
WANTED — First-class finisher on pants;
steady work. 104 Ktitrny st.,' top floor.
GIRL for cotirr.nl housework; wages $25. 2114
Central ave.
WANTED — Girl for general work about hotel.
1502 Kentucky st. ,
DIC5SMAKER— Wanted dressmaker who will
*work by the day. Hox 1350, Call office.
GOOD dressmaker wanted; also an improver.
MRS. M. G. ALLEN, WH Eddy st.
E3cPElTinN^ED^iriTnen : "»^esrady ; good sal •
ary; also maker. 72 Geary st,
A HEALTHY wet.nur»e wanted. DR. EMILIE
PUNKB. 1418 Eighth st., Alameda.
NURSE wanted to tak« care of "child about
2 years old: must be untneumbered and com*
well recommended: rtate age, experience and
MUary'expecterf. Apply box 1650, Call office.
REFINED French upstairs girl, with refs. ;
must be cmxl eewtr. Hotel -Granada, r. 'M.
GIHL for general housework and assist In
bakery. 1704 Halght st.. corner Shrader.
WANTKD— A fir*t-claas operator on cloaks and
suits at KARON'S, ladles' tailor. 7ia Market.
A TOUNG lady to do dressmaking: must have
experience. Call 1132 Kentucky St.. nr. 18th.
PANTS finisher* wanted. 245 Seventh at.
WANTED— Pants finishers. Apply S. N. WOOD
* CO., 27 Geary st. .
EXPERIENCED makers and apprentices
wanted in millinery store, C02 McAllister st.
WANTKD— Waist, skirt and sleeve handi at
MME. flRKKN'gS. 331 O'Farre.H st.
II 1C1.I* WA,\TE1) SIALU.
5 MK-V and wives for farms and private fam-
ilies, $40, $15. $50 and »«> and found; dairy-
man, private dairy, $30 and found; chee»e-
maker, ?40 ta W0 and found; mllkem. $30.
and $40 and found; brick burner, $2 50 day;
blacksmith, $2 50 day and board; 2 wagon-
makers; carriage smith, $3 day:' farmers, $25
on.t (30 and found; gardener, $35 and found,
and other*. J. F. CHOSKTT & CO.. 623 Sac-
ramento at.
RESTAURANT tecond cook! $16 . week; 2
boardlng-hous* cooks, HO and |50 and found;
cook for & men, . $20 and found; cook and
wife, $50 and found; hotel. waiter. $30 and
found; waiter for club, $45; - restaurant
waiters and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
62S Sacramento »t, ,*
ANDRE'S office, 317 Strckton ft.— Relief cook.
$15 a week; second cook, $50; waiter, near
city, $30; >-ounK man to learn 'waltlnjr, $20
to start; a *teady man ' as ¦ porter for private.
Institution. ?20 and .found; veretahle man,
$30; plain canlener, ve^ctablea and lawns,
i-ania R-irKira. $30; : 2 Frenchmen for . vine-
yard. $*«, etc. ,
A— HOTKl. OAZKTTn, 2d Montpomery st.. r.I2
—Cook, *«»; xrntter, n<lp"» hall. $C5; waiters,
$30. Offic« open Sunday, . I to 11 a. m. " .
WANTED — A young man as stenographer who
can eow« well recommended; rapidity ta tak-
ing dictation and transcrtbir.g notes . ' on
Smith ! machine «re required; permanent -po-
sition and rood salary to proper, person;
applicant will plea*« give experience and
references when replying. Box lTIS/CalL
A—- . .-.-'-. L ; : : -. -¦¦>-:¦ . I,
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure good positions; eataJarue and full
Infortnatlon mailed : fre*. ¦-; MOl.KR Srtum
Cclltcr, CSS Clay ft.
SrrU.\TIONS >-acant fcr bookkeepers, stencrra-
piers, **5e*tnM», msisairtrs and clerks; se« C4
.and let ws plac« you in a position or. to bet-
ter the ©ne roo have, WILDE & CO.. P«sj-
tlon Broker*. ?S9 Market *t.. room 16. ,,
A *^ IRST^ :l - ASS ' r »J t «" wanted. Applxi'at
&33 Mission st. , ¦
4 machine miners, $90. ' '- ¦ '
, 1 mlllman. $00. .^ - > . .: -; , , ; . _ ,
1 concentrator man, flue vanner. $00.- . '
MURRAY A HEADY, 634 and 630 Clay st.
SPECIAL BY MIDNIGHT
TELEPHONE. TELEGRAPH AND LETTER
8 laborers, lumber yard, country, $60. , .
BOYS. ¦¦ i»
6 boys for country box factory, $1 75 day.
Laborer for fireman or furnace work, $4 id.
2 sheepherders, fare $1 50, $:t0 and found. I
Tool iln-PM^r, oil wells, boss here, $75. ¦ . ¦¦'
Third cook, city cafe, $r»0 found. >
." boys, learn wait on table, city. $20 found. .
12 slnKlo band miners, boss here. $S2 50. .
2 stablsmen, mine towns, $40 fbund. .
BOSS HERE, -v ¦:¦ t
I>ouble-cut bank sawyer, L. Co., $5 day.'
12 laborers, I0c fare. $1 25 day and found.
Kloorman, blacksmith shop, -country, $75 fd.'
MURRAY & HEADY. 634 and G3C Clay *t.
Ranch carpenter, put up house for pumping
plant, fare 50c; $50 and found. > ¦
Jobbing blacksmith, no horseshoeing, |50 fd.
Painter, city. $;» day.
Handy man, painting, "carpentering, 'city,
$2 50 day. •
FOREMEN— PRIVATE RAILROAD."
2 track foremen, $2 75 to $3 day.
6 bricklayers, highest wages. .
Porter, 'city, bakery and restaurant- $35 fd.'
Grocery porter ami clerk, fare $3. $30 found.'
AGAIN!
6 men to work in hop fields, fare $1 50, $28
and found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TRINITY COUNTY.
TOUR FARE PAID • PAID:
1 12 miners. $S2 50. •
MUURAY A READY. 634-636 Clay st.
TOGETHER— NEVADA STATE. -,-';
2 camp blacksmiths. Government, $60 found.
2 drill sharpeners. Government. $60 found.
Car repairer. Government, $60 found. . -
MURRAY & READY, C3»:63tt Clay it.
CARPENTERS. ETC.- ' -
2 carpenters, S hours, city, boss here,. $4 day.
2 rough carpenters, city, $2 50 ' day. ' ... ¦
2 carpenters, factory. 30c fare..' S75. ." \
Young man, little experience, ..painting,- $43.
LOOK-; — x '- ->.
Porter, city cafe $30; stableman, city, $60.
Second cook, baker, fare 40c. $45 found.
Cook, $50; dishwasher. $25; fare 75c, good bh.
Young man, city bakery, $35. '
2 teamsters, vineyard, Santa Clara Ox. $30
and found. ' ¦ •" " * .-
Man,' milk 6 cows, learn , make , butter, -pri-
vate family, $25 and found.-
Man a* roustabout, private family, fare $1,
$25 and found.- - ." - .. . •
2 young men, city mill, you'll suit. $9 week.
Best places at MURRAY ft READY.
Biggest wages at - K34-63G Clay 'at.
OPEN TO-DAY.
SUNDAY. 8 TO 12 A;.M." ;
TOUNO man who understands bookkeeping for
brewery: wages $8 per week to commence
with; must speak * German: » state age and
references. . Box; 12J>3.- Call office.. ; -
WANTED— Enterprising man with some means
for a fluhlng trip south; good wages and prof.
Its tunrunteed. Ap:>ly L. H.. care W. S.
Ray, 42. Market et. <•¦•>'¦;
DENTIST wants all-around flrW-elaj>s regis-
tered man; rapid at crown and bridge work;
only good men need apply; salary $35 per
week. Hale Dental Co., 7C2 Market st.
YOUNG men for office work wanted — Salary
from $20 to S50 month; ¦. state experience,
-'reference and salary . expected. . Address box
1200. Call office. V
EXPERIENCED croc.keryma.n-- wanted; . state
experience, - reference and - salary - expected.
Address box 1258. -Call office, -
WANTED— Boys to sell sachet powder; some-
thing new; dt>aen phetofrre.phs free: sample
tor stamp, T. A. KNAPP. 13M Eddy st.
! BARBER— Good downtown shop: bargain: slck-'
j n.-<s cause of selling. DECKELMAN BROS.,
j. ' 10« Ellis st. s
j ORGANIZERS wanted for a fraternal society:
, - p»m>1 pay to workers. "¦¦ Address : room ¦ 9. -, 4S3
"¦ K«*rny st, . ¦..¦-¦¦¦"' ,. -. v- - ¦¦¦¦¦-•¦.
WANTED — Experienced traveling.' hlgh-Rrade,
. - OAlesman for California; staple lint. - Drawer
1 , S, Chicago. ..-¦¦. ¦¦¦-.-.. •..-.'
¦ MKN for dvil service position for particulars,
5 "-Add. R. C- P..- box 30.-' Supreme Court bldg.
BARBER s.hop for sale-f 2. chairs; Hopkins St.,
"2 doors . frora Postof fice. Upper FrultTaJe. >
DETECTIVES— Everywhere, 1 rood salary^- no
;, exper. ¦ Intl. Detective Agcy., . MllwauX'-e, WIs.
EXPERIENCED .tobacco" strippsr at- S18
•" st.' ¦ ; ¦ * .• . ' ¦ : ¦. ¦[.' . ....'.
BOY Traated at 20C2 Bryant st."
WANTED— A jtuns m»n to sort potatoes and
onions, ~-' 1 45 Eighth st, ;
FOR • SALE^ — 2-cnalri barber shop: a - bargain.
Box 1615 Call office. : ,
WANTED — Man about place: state wijcs. Box
161S. Coll ©Me*.
BRIGHT boy for" high grade printing shop.
• KfjOWLES. 24 Second st. >.-.,. ¦
WANTED — A reliable, *lderly man as watch-
man. Call 111 Larkln St.. .-¦- , ' .
SALESMAN — Insurance ., experience, preferred;
references required;.. salary. Box 1260. Call.
WANTED— -Boy about" 15, . to work on mat-
tresses. John P. Cleese Company, 1121 How-
ard st. ... - -
DISHWASHER wanted. 32S0 Mission Street.
WANTED— Sailors for Australia; fishing and
Island*.: LANE,- C04 Davis" st.
CASH boys -wanted. * Inquire at . Montgomery
Market.- - ' - ------..-
BUSINESS chance solicitor.' Address box 1254.
Call office. .'•¦--.-:-• -• • • ¦•
WANTED-^-An errand. boy.; 40S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Porter for saloon; 'apply between
1 and 2 ¦ p. m. ' 025 Mission st. . J0P»S3
YOUNG man to. learn i barber -trade; wages
while learninir. 741A. Howard st.
A PORTER wanted at 403 Drumm st. Monday
morning; German .boy preferred.* —
TWO first-class carpenters at 21.18 Fillmore st.
OLD can>enter I wanted j to work in shop. * 3373
Eighteenth st." ¦ . -. - ' :, .
BOYS' to^collect- orders for calling cards. Ap-
ply'by mall. J. J. KIRBY. 1510 Page st. ..
GOVERNMENT POSITIONS— More'than 15.000
appointments last, year: examinations soon;
thousands, appointed - were- prepared by th*
National •¦' Correspondence /Institute. Wash-
ington^ D. C. r - Write for circular -J — 1. giv-
ing (lists of positions.- salaries, examinations,
sample questions, etc, to our Pacific Coast
Office. ' iOT Market ¦ st.. ' San . Francisco, Cal.
EARN better ¦ salary and position; -study •'elec-
tricity, -mechanical* engineering, telegraphy,
by correspondence; thousands successful. T.
A. Edison Indorses institute;' book. "Can I
Become an Electrical Engineer?" free. Elec-
trlcal Engineer Institute. New York. .,
WANTED— Up-to-date ¦ orsanlzers for old
fraternal" society, .paying accident, sick,
- death and endowment benefits; large return*
for good producers: salary" or commission.
American Fraternity. Washington, D. C.
UNCLE SAM wants help; 14,000 appointments
. 1003; frter exam, paper & catalogue giving
positions and saIaries.Dept.C.WesternCorresp.
University. 025 Golden Gate ave.. San Fran.
BY manufacturing house, trusty assistant for
branch; $18. paid weekly; permanent; no
capital or previous experlence^sq-ulred. Ad-
dress . Supertntendeia^Cornot^ck^Chllcago.
WE nay $S0 a month and expenses to men
' with rig* to Introduc* poultry compound:
. year's contract. Defiance Mfg. Co.. Dept. •>.
Parsons. Kans. . - - ' * -
WE pav $32 a week and expenses to men with
rigs to introduce poultry compound : yw's
contract. Imperial Mfg. Co.. Dept. 54. Par-
ranK Kans.
GOVERNMENT.poeltlons— Call at 925 Golden
Gate ave.' room 7, for free Information ' as
to positions, salaries, ag* limits, etc : day
or «venlngs»'.- -• "
HIGH-GRADE specialty salesmen wanted, not
under 35: reliable, energetic men, whom pros-
perlty.wlll not spoil. M. t box S74, Chicago.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker, eager to make money.' F. PERSON,
477 and 47» Parrott building. - -
¦WANTED — Young man from IS to 20 years of
a« for office work. Apply between 9 and 11
a" m. at HALE BROS.'
WANTED — Crockery packers: only experienced
men need apply. NATHAN-DOHRMANX
COMPANY. 122-132 Sutter st.
BILLTclerk, by wholesale house: must b* good
rapid = penman; correct at figures: state age
and • references. Box 1611. Call office. -¦'¦-.-
WANTED — Barber; first class, sober; Saturday
and Sunday. 211 Sixth st.
WANTED — Good barber for Saturday and Sun-
day. 1415 Valencia st. /, , :
RELIABLE experienced porter- for restaurant;
$35 to $40:. state references. Box 16SS, Call.
SAXLORS and young men (green hands) for
.:-: «l\lps. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st. '
A SJIAP— 2-chalr shop complete; 2 living-rooms
furnished; cheap. 921 Harrison st- nr Fifth.
WANTED— One first-da** carriage, blacksmith;
' steady employment at $3 to S3 SO per day of
0 hours. Apply » to - A. MEISTER &. SON'S
. CO., Sacramento." C*l. - . - ; ¦-¦'-¦'
WANTED— Laborers and " mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkia. - Reno House proprietor, hat
- > added 100 " new rooms to the ' Denver : House.
. 217 Third St.; 230 rooms; 25c to 50c per nignt.
BARBERS— 2-chalr ; - «bop; '.' snap: : can '. recom-
, toetii thio. BECKEL * FRESHER. 3€7
Twelfih sU. Oakland.
New Montgomery st.
BEFORE moving g«t our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN ft HOWELL. 25 Post st.
UOUSEH TO-LKT— FIK3HSUED.
ELEGANTLY furnished house. S rooras, bath
and basement; piano, phone, etc.; will rent
for 5 -months to responsible couple (no chil-
dren) at $70 D<?r month. Box 1263, Call.
FOR- rent, in San Rafael — A large, fine house,
furnished; good sized lot: trees and shrub-
bery and splendid location. Address box
1235, Call office. ¦
SAN MATEO House Renting Agency hts 15
furnished cottages and houses to rent, $20
to $250. H. N.- ROTDEN, 222 Main st. op-
poslte Plaza, San Mateo, Cal. '
A COMPLETELY furnished houre; 7 largo
sunny rooms and bath; large yard and base-
ment; references required. Inqulrs 9 to 11
- a. m. and 5 to 7 p. m.. 104 Pierce, nr. Halght.
SUNNY detached house. 5 rooms . and bath:
completely furnished; $27 50. 260 San Carlo*
avenue. ¦: - - ' ¦
FOLEOM. 647— Lower part of bouse; 4 rooms
and bath: complete: piano. • '
HOL'hi:> FLHNIMIKO FOR SALE.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 305 — 9-room house; rea-
sonable: clean: payments;' leaving -city.
HOUSES PTJKKTSBTED— SUBURBAN.
FURNISHED cottage of 7 rooms and bath;
Fair Oaks, near Menlo Park. Apply- A.
- Roy Harrison. 140 Geary st. .
SUaUBBAJT HOUSES rOB BALE.
FOR sale — In Sausalito, 4-room cottage: de-
lightful situation; shade trees, fine well of.
water; will sell very cheap, small payment
down: also a property with Income of $90
per month for $5000; $2500 cash, balance on,
loan. ,.Box 1C25. Call office. .-.'..« :V
• HOTELS TO RE.VT. I
HOTEL in Son Miguel. San Luis ObUpo
County: partly furnished. - Inquire WIL-
LIAM VON VOSS. 520 Lyon st.
1>VKST31KXTS.
~ YOUR MONEY I " T~
J SIX PER CENT.
WILL EARN I
Buy REAL ESTATE CERTIFICATES back-
ed by strictly high-class city real estate. Your
money invested In these ' certificates will earn
6 per cent per annum. Subject to withdrawal.
Full information sent upon request.
P.EAL ESTATE SECURITY CO..
139 MONTGOMERY ST. '
I-&TraCHXS TO* HXEE.
C A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
St.: for pleasure and business.; t«L Bosh 534.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — On Friday, small brown collie bitch;
whit© breast; white, on face; answers, th*
name Flossie. 645 Folsom st. ; . reward.
ON '. Baker St.. between Green and Chestnut,
watch fob made of four gold medals. Return
.to 412 Sacramento st. and receive reward.
, PARTY holding .- brown Chesapeake spaniel,
with collar and. license, return to 1202 Pag*
st.. for they are known.
LOST— April 16. all gold watch fob with asve-
thyst charm; reward will be paid. Return
1S0O Pine st. • ;
LOST — March 17. Urge package sheet music;
reward. G. C. 2409 Washington st.
LOST— Enameled butterfly pin with diamond ia
center; reward. $10. 106 Sutter st.
LOST — Fox - terrier: brown and black bead,
black saddles: reward. 1234 Eddy st.
LOST— A quitclaim deed; liberal reward. Re-
tarn to M. J. G.. 1S4Q PoU gt.
LOST— Two passbooks with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Lean Society of San Francisco ta
the names of ANNIE CUNNINGHAM and
JOHN CUNNINGHAM: N'os. 244-1403 and
249-835. The finder will please return ta
$20 REWARD— Strayed or stolen. April S. from
Ge*ry and Market «*.. bay tacrsa with left
foot branded; 74 trader mane; baatness
bepgy/ red gtar and dark body. Return ta
1S50 Green St.; teL Geary 27JW .
"vVTLL party "who found parse, containing
money, tax recetpts. keys. etc.. on 1 o'clock
narrow gauge train at pier yesterday ' kio41«
return same to 270 Thlrtetath St.? *
LOST— BUck saUn handbag; "K- -embroU.
ered on side; Polk or California-street carsi
fcsder x4eat« retnm to 2525 Stetncr st. and
receive reward. '-¦¦
LOST— A passbook with the HIberat* Savtnri
and. Loan Society of San Francisco in tbt
name of JAMES KILLEBREW. No. i8»-12iS
Tb* fntAtf «tll nLtusi ntg-~i t* Wuk. ~"THE SAN FRANCISCO ,CALL.^ SUNDAY, >APl^L';a7., .1904;
47
«.QyT AXD FOt VD—CnnlUmel. |
LOST -A j_sk bu«.k wail tin ll:i?rr.;a Mvlttti
*v.(i L.i_n Society of San -Krunrirco «:i t_e
ii_:ne of Ca»j*r U. UcG-Uley. Xu. i."-."- '<$>•>:
_the f!r.c*.er will pienfe return !•> lunk.
t-OFT— April 1477rora 7tb arid Howard to Cth
_r><! :.'?»: k«-t lo'&th and Ter>amn. Kvld treasi-
Pin. H'j5 :u.v..,.-.; «,t.; tt«_nl.
l-OST — Lady> «cld »atch end chain; moro-
gmm N. F. O. Liberal reward. _!<$ R.R. ave.
JUA'MtlMOMAL.
A WI_OW_R of 41, "of fi«e appearance, good
position and some i-tans. withes the ac-
«'Jalnt_ace of * widow not over 40; object
matrimony. Address box _!lt5. Call office.' -
A MIDDLE-AG_l> < American) widower and
' buMneso men. with some moans, wishes to
• (Me* »rvldcJ!<?-_prU lady without incumbrance;
_cbjcct rrmtrlmonv. Box 31C0. Call office.
A rnot-KSMONAL jcniLman, 29. owns good
income inVperty in this city, would l!ke to
tru»k«- _-.yuiiim_nte of a younn lady; object
iiiatrimony. liox 3GS4. Call «j r flce.
A I.-.! 'Y fii ncichborho<Kl «f S5 would like to
-'^-Tre-t-riond Srttb porr.f man who would like a
M h<.>_ae;-tiL<Ject matrimony. Box 31)01, Call.
A Gr.KTl.EMAN U"\ with some means v.lshes
Ui n'ett h. your.g lady or widow tnot over 40)
rr.eari*. Addms box SO-fi. Call office.
GKXTLKMAN <4C) desires to meet respectable
!nt V wltli eofiie means; object mctrimony.
Address l—x 4182. Call otn.-e.
EI'fCATED. rcfiaed senUeman (2S» wlrhc* to
n-o. t c-<!uc_ted young widow not over _0. Box
:t:ei>. Call office.
TOUNG buslne— 1 rran of 2G wants to rneet lady
of *onip means; state age. Box 3577, Call.
-Ii-D1CAI_.
l_Al:lt;s decirlng sate, cure and quick relief
from Irregularities consult me at once; my
niethode s.re alweys safe, painless and reli-
able; 1 have no failure*; no exorbitant fee*.
CONSULT ATION ..AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed or 1.0 pay; 17 year.' ex-
perience in all female dlaordcrs; call or write
»ithc_t delay; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market St.. rooms 7 and 8.
A — LAlJina. tf you are suffering from lrregu-
larttie- » r sn>- ailment you will avoid di%-
•ppuintmcnta I; runsultlng me first. My
luets ud vt trtr&tnnent i» positive, tud harni-
le»* ard I guarsnti-e immediate relief from
SR>" »-_.-r or t::_ke no I'hkrgni. Advice tree
< _:i cr write Pit SYLVESTER. 21'J Kearny.
ALWAYS be sdvlfed and treaied by a grad-
uate ih>>lcian: i«j-lU\rly 11. »• v».'./ one here
carublv arid n-lllinx to restore you to happl-
lin-f; rel.ef for Irregularities: htlp for un-
tortuoate ladies; tf in trouble consult him
wlthotit oofct or fee: call or write: confiden-
tial. UR. R. H. WESTON. «» Kearny •„
VALPEAU'S lrmale pills; best regulating pills
sold; xrioe {2 io by e_pret_. i'aateur'.s
ryrlng* _.r.d taOletF: jirictr *.V By MprMu
c^mly on r-tetj-t of rrlt-e. OSGOOD BROTH-
KRS. wh-. J :.--_!e drusg— ta. beventh a nd
lircu-way, Oakland.
DR. G W. O'DONNELl— -All'who _r« tick or
In troi.b> ccrw-ult this f»pec:allrt on lemals-
eorrrl— i"t~: positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped: tb» mo>t difficult cases treated;
*d\lc« irer, Offlce. IOIS Market st.
MRS. I Hi. WYKTH. ppeciallPt for all female
rt-mp'.airts and Irrecul-ritles; instant relief
fUf ranreed: 'i0 \~sr»' cxperien^a. s_tl Post st.
MHS. UR. KOHL, reliable i-pevialist For all fe-
rr»!<- troubles ard irrecularttl**; Inrtant re-
lief cuHr_n:ee_ lra*.-^ Market Ft.. t.pj». 5th.
t>r». «»jo_»in 7'!i Turk. nr. V_a Ne^s — Expert
rn t**totrlc». female complaints; Ir.st. relief;
treatn.»nt $10; hours. 10 to &:_."> : ears' exper.
MRS. r». ALLKN. HIS Market— Reliable ladles'
*T**'at!'st : a> i>ri\ste r^<.jne l>ef->re snd during
e-Mfllwi— it— : best — »1lc»l care; low fees.
KF5S PH. GWTrn, having secured lei-M* of
r>r«-m!Ffi>. ts j«err«_nen*ly lucstt-d a« MIA
_!.-«_>. erwor-.h et.. b»t. Goaty and O'Farri.ll.
LAPirS — Our BBDtittltf re|;uls*or nrver falls;
l> _ free. VITA CO.. Rtauon A. Detroit. Mlth.
]R. ROEKN T*Ti<»— _W>5 Folsom St.. corner
.. 2ftli: !a<Jle». relief or no f « : HO.
Im~ar>d MRS. DAVIKS ar.d IXEVDOO HfiStSSj
cririful m^th<« "f treatment 11-rt Market et.
I»K. N'"». TOY KKF-. "10 PoweU M.. epposite
I'nSm «ju_re; a!l «H?eps«>» <*urWI hy herb».
A \vr:F:"K'ji n»-«s for A «-*nts— Th<« W*»k1y Cs'.l.
?i rafm In «r»[>t>-r. ?<t friMiHnc. S) T>er. >'••»-.
KOVBT IO LOAX.
*a aa — « uiiii a n m ntriir™
g<-!-w.'-'.'U.; KKaminer BuIMtng,
Cu'rk Fe_tt*mentt>; tu> tl!»-ppointRient-.
f-J«\e < xpetii»eti V.y <1e_llr.g directly.
Tt»t«:*», ?ec«inil rnorucagf-F. i.nd!vt_«J ¦ tnter*
. r»\r; •w-icnmentr of i-enif.' property la trust.
?'<-".. l«»-_c rn. liffi ..t * i:\; n:::i\!>J t_-
. ' m tifn|wnjf (¦— rchas^-.i.
JIIISCKLl.A.\I-:oi;S--.KOR S VI. i: Con. j
PAINT jcur. cUt and n^jv metal _r.d .$lrin£;e
roofs v,;th Ai-bo..o«- Kouf ' i*_liu; guaranteed
to ktoj) nli ' !< akr in th<> one an_ prcWnrp the
iirix. _V3 Front et.: t«l. Main U.S.
rOB, . ealer--i___nch ."2_S feet, with Union en-
F^nc. 15 h( rsepower: lavnch :;ts7 feet, .with
l?au>n er.ginr. 8 horeeiK)wer. Cr«wley'_»
Boathou-e. Vallejo-et. wl'ar^ ¦
FOR sile — 14-foot gsKolin? launch': prtce' $275;
can be seen at Kittock's boat!-.buse t Park-
et. bridge. ' G. B. NAEGLE. «77 Twenty-flrsr
ct.. Oakland.
A 24 H. P. GAS engine, ntted with an Acme
retort for burning crude oils, and low grade
distillates, for $725. ACME RETORT CO..
32 Mission «_, ' . '¦ ... '' • ¦ ' •
A— FINE suits. $7 50: dress panta $2 50. Orig-
inal Mifcflt Clothing Parlors. 238 Kearnyst..
near Hus-fc : cpen to 9 p. m.. Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, wlls or rents gear machinery, en-
gines. boilerB. water pipe, shafting, pulleys.
' etc. WrilTELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
ALTERAT1OX sale— Best $2 50 hats. $1 -50.
Popular Price Hatter. .330 .Kearny st.. near
PSne; ctx-n to 9 p. m. ; Sundays to noon.
TRY our men's thoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. Jl 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
BULL terrier pups; beauties; sire Banjo, dam j
Lsioomsbury Queen, both winners 'of first
. prises. J nquire • 345 Jersey, st. , . , j
ORGAN $3O; extension table, solid oak. $8: |
n:>w three-quarter bedstead, new mattresses, 1
$«; sewing machine. $15. 13CSV4 Page st. - j
FOR sale— IS yards new velvet carpet, pas I
heater and cabinet; sacrifice. 1129 McAllister ;
tt.. 1 to 1 Monday. . 1
LOKT of COO ijigeons; homers and commons; I
leaving citv reason for selling. Box 1260, j
Call office. j
NICE outfit cheap; dining and kitchen ware j
for four people; send for list and price. Box ,
1445.' Cell. •- • '
FOK _a!e— Wine-. rre.«s, grape- stripper.* crusher |
and separator; cheap. - Apply 30» Fulton Bt.
FOR sale — Fresh Durham milch cow; family
use. 231 MIramar _ve., Ingleside. * -. »' "
FOR sale — Three docen choice laying hens;
also duck hens. 14tJ0 -2d art. South. *
GAS encine for eale at B_y City Iron Works,
Oakland, Cal. ' ' • ¦¦¦•:.
FOR eale — Launch, bunting cabin, 6 horse-
power. Address 531 California Bt.. S. F.
IMPROVED White sewirur machine; all at-
tachments: perfect order; SS. 1515 Polk st.
PRINTED copies Utah Polygamous Revela-
tion 10c. 1132 Dwlcht way, Berkeley, Cal.
ELASTIC stockings. 52. Factory 40 Ellis st.
$«(>— LATHK: almost new; cost me $150. MRS. '
SIMON, 932 Sonoma ave.. Santa Rosa.. Cal.
ROUND camping tents for sale: cheap; some
new; lCxlC. 319 Third st.; tel. Main 413.
CHICKS for sale. 10c each. 8893 Twenty-third
Ft., corner Noe; Inquire at grocery.
THOROUGHBRED Jersey bull a_d some belt-
ers for sale. 201 Tenth st., S_F..
COLUMBUS rubber tire runabout. 494 Height
»t.. between 9:30 and 12 a. n. j
NICKEL-plated -show case and nickel-plated
collar can* for sale. 424 Kearny st; - ¦ J
FIUST-OLAS3 restaurant rideboard. 10 feet '
long, doors In front. Ill Van Ness ave. i
FOR s-Je — Reclining, go-caxt; -call Monday.
274 Ninth et. -
PALACE Firo King furnace. No. 26, In good ]
order." S3 'Etanly place. — . ¦ •
A COW for sale. ,2735 Howard st. ,:,ii i
$7 50 — 6EW1NG machine In order. 172 Blak«
et.. nesr Oeary st. W.
FOR- SALE — Printing outfit without presses,
i cheap. Box 1741, Call offlce. -_
FOR puie — Very fine 5-monthF-old black male
Cocker snaniel' pup. 204 Ca-tro tt.
STEAM runabout In good condition. Inquire
559 Howard 61. ' • a
FOR sale — Grindlng-rtone, -earpenters' and
ptun-.bers* tools; cheap. 953 Howard st>
i 4S-ft. centerboard sawl yacht. $800,' bargain.
¦ O. F. O CALLAGHAN. r..S9, Nevada Block.
¦ FANCY pliteons; new imported varieties; send
for list. C. WILSON, 229 Bteveftson st. ¦
! ASK for prices oa _econd-har-.d typewriters; all
. .maker, ALEXANDER &CO-. UP Mont^y.
A' TEXT for rent or "'sale. ROSS MeMAHON
UFK1C-SS A.\D STOKES TO- LET. . _V
A — TURK. 236 near Jones—New store. 55_l"0
feet: with R))|endl«l baBement; sidewalk' ele-
vator: will FUbdivlde to suit tenant: excel -
tenj^openinB for cafe and grill. SPECK &
CO.. _C3 Motutomery ft. ,
STORE to let: good . location. -Inquire _t 109
Fourth .st.: northeast _corner Howard. ¦
TO ict-^Offlce or de«k rooro; Mills building,
room 17; seventh floor;- rent reasonable.
TO LET — For cigar or sandwich stand. 145
Third st. - - ': ¦;....'.- ¦ ¦ -
PEBSOXAJ^S^^^^^^^^
A fret-h, Kmoothand young looking face;
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
. Don't forget the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number. 7sl O'Farrell ft., near Larkln.
Call cr write for book, free,
"Hints on ' Beauty." ¦
NOTICE — Any one having claims against me or
ny business at 1C8 Fourth ¦ st. ' will please
present the same at said place and they will
be paid on presentation.'
E. R. ARMSTRONG.
April IV 1904. A ¦--¦¦¦-,
THE HERMANN SANITARIUM.
Incomnla. mental and nervous diseases cured:*
liquor and drug habits; massage; medicated
baths; country pjace Lake co. ; terms to phy-
sicians; call or writ*?. 1375 Waller, bet. Ma-
botjIc ave. and APhbury sC: tel. Fell 837.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, Flops falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness ;
cleanses scalr>;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.,1338 Polk.
A— MICROTINE, a positive cure for catarrh,
cold in the h-?ad, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 9th.
Cancerous lumps, tores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.), speedily cured by
-killed specialist from. Europe.- Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave.- Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
rhenille-->ov* rags, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, in hank or-chain. at lowest
rates. Gea. Matthews, 700 Fifth. st.. Oakland.
YOUNG ladles should dress well. If you have
a good position BARQN. the Ladies* Tailor,
of 702 Market st.. will clotlie you stylishly
at reasonable figures on weekly .payments.
TAPE1NE — Tapeworm expelled in 2 to 3 hours;
no fasting, no n-usea. no castor oil. no fail-
ure; ?2 50. P. C. LUTZ, Chemist. 1675 Post
et., San Francisco.
4-7 — YOUR silence Indicates expected arrivals;
nOO.MS FOR: HOUSEKEEPIXG-^— Con.l
POWELL. '.'ii_— _unny. j/ou.-U;**,. .. ;¦¦ rtjoins.-
j" '-.'¦-"'*• '-¦<' '•'¦¦'• ¦'-.'¦ ; |
• POWELL, 2024 — To let, 3 furnished liouse- j
t keeping:, rooms. - . --..... J
SHIPLEY. 195. oft Fifth— Snap: ;; newly 'fi:r-
~ nlshed housekeeping rooms. $15;. hall; -.yard.
&JXTH, 607 — Cleon, ; newly ' furnished " house-
¦'kteping room; J2 a week; with bath." J *
SIXTH. 306— Elegant sunny front room 'and
kitchen complete for housekeeping. . , . ,.
SOUTH PARK, 137— 2 or 3 nicely' furnished
housekeeping rooms; reasonable; others. ¦
TAYLOR. 313— A snap:, down town; 4 • eunny
rooms partly fur.; gas, bath.' tel.; $32 50.
TAYLOR, 504. near Gear*. V. ¦
Suite of 3 rooms, housekeeping.
Well furnished ; ' nice and clean.' -
TEHAMA 478, nr. Sixth — 3 sunny rooms. com>-
plete for housekeeping; $12; no children.
THIRD SOS (Mayflower)— Cut rates. April 15
to September 1 ; housekeeping and sleeping.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3728, near Dolores — Three
euriny bay window rooms; nice, neat, com-
• ple.te. ' ¦ ' ' -:¦'¦-.-'.•• : V -. ¦¦¦' ¦
VAN" NESS ave., 100S— Nicely furnished front
I ; suite for housekeepln.. " , -/ .
WASHINGTON, 1323, . near Jones — To couple
without children, three very desirable house-
keeping rooms; nicely furnished; bath, fine
kltcnen, stationary tube, yard: would rent
suite to two gentlemen. Phone Sutter. 4121.
t 3 FURNISHED housekeeping rooms: use of
bath gas. laundry: large grounds; room? for
horse and buggy: no children: call afternoon'
Ban Jose ave. J. F. PLUMBE. agent, 1402
Valencia Bt.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at i
Call branch offlce. cor. Duncan & Church sts. .
A BRANCH offlce of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions' has been
opened at IOCS Market st.. opposite. Fifth.
Open until 11 P. m -' " ' ' : ' ' '¦ ?
A PAKT_EKT SOUSES. !
« SENTINEL APARTMENTS — ¦ ¦
1 TURK ST.. NEAR GOUGH.
NOW OPEN FOR INSPECTION".
MODERN UP-TO-DATE SUNNT ' 3-4
ROOM APARTMENTS. WITH PRIVATE
BATHS FOR PARTICULARS APPLY TO
THE WILLIARD. 871 TURK ST.
ftOOMS t TO . LET—Fnrn. arnl.Cnfnrii.
MCALLISTER. (JO 1 -—! sunny furnished room.
'•RUltab!e for. two. "t < N ' ' '. -¦ • r
MCALLISTER. 104U— NMcely fui-nisheU sunny
ruonis; _as; bath: Ss an.i $10.'. ;. ¦
McALlISTER.'^IOO? — Small -furnished .. room,
suitablu tor Ont -cntleman. -. .-- •
MINNA, .">22— Large' double room, ' suitable , for
¦ man ' and- wife o i' \ two centiemen. ,
MINNA.'. 420— Furnished rocms to let.' - 1.
MISSION. -1275— Unfurnished' double parlors
and" 4: upper rooms; water and 'gas;: call
1 between '11 and 2. :.;/.» . '
MISSION. 2562—1 or _ furnished room* to let
In private family.' : ¦:•¦ ' '- ' .
JCATOMA. - 41 — Sunny, furnished - rooms.
NATOMA.615 — Single furnished room to let. '
NATOMA^ <1 — Sunny room to let.
NOE, 45— 4- good healthy room? In basement,
with. gas and e!c?triclty; $15 per month.-
OAK. 613— Furnished room to, let. ' . ., ."/.._:
O'FARRELL, 1324%— 2 sunny furnished rooms
and suite. .
PACIFIC, 1108 A — Front . . sunny room, j with
bath; $6 monthly.* ¦ ; : ; :
PAGE, 20— 2 neat 'rooms for gentlemen or
working girls, $5 50 and $C; bath, ij '
PAGE. 1324—3 of'« completely or partially fur.
rooms; ¦ regular kitchen;', no- other - roomers.
POWELL, 506— Furnished room for gentleman.
ROYAL House. 120 Ellis— Incandescent lights,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles'- par-
; lor; rooms per ; night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2
to $8; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROOMS to let in all parts of the city; Box
1001, Call of rice. .
RUSS. 44— A large, eunny. front room.
SAN CARLOS ave., 174. near Nineteenth st. —
' Large, sunny, furnished or unfurnished room.
SHIPLEY. 232— Furnished room to let.
. r.H YSICIA2«?.{ AXD.. SIHGEOK, .. •
DR. C.' C. O'DONNELL— Office and re*idenc*. \
1021^4 Market st. %}i*\ <;th andTtn. parttcu
lar attention ptjd '•¦o-'it'-i-aeei' of *(iii»:i
BLOOD- f kin and recial-*»r*w . .-i-^'iaity
;Dn; BAI.L'.-lu7.H4'Marke:-«.t^
KKMOVED-Dr" WeXO' HIM •¦¦*»••• e •I'rrtir:
' Uesu all dlix-aeez ct the human on»"y . iat
lt»t: four y»ar# -st" 115-117 Mason, now lo-
tated ; at ck; ; Geary' 11.. : oear. _iav#nf.-orth.*
DR.VTONG PO CHT. *ucce««or to Dr LI P»
T«l . h*rb doctor. *' t _Te» si! di«e«i-e# of hum-') ;
.by. use of herbs' and te«s • 727 Waihinsrton *u -¦
WONG WOO the farftou* h«rb doctor— Ail di»-
cases cured by. Chinese herb*. 740-S Clay w.
SEWLXG >IACH1NKS AXI» MJPPLIBt.
-OMESTIC— The ", machine 1 lor family u»»;
1 test Is cheapest; second-hand .all makes at
any. price: all kinds rented lowest ' rate*.
Pcrnenic of no. '1021; Market, near 8r_th. •
NEW HOME— See our new<trl»le-reed m»-
chlnes; illghtly used: $10, »$15, "$20; tecond-
hand. $3. 55. $8: all styles; guaranteed New
¦ Home Sen-Ing Machine Co.; 1051 Market- st.
_> SPECIAL, NOTICBS. %
THE San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asylum
: Society herewith' gives notice that the fol-'
..¦-lowing, orphan and half-orphan girls and
boys have been '¦ admitted.', to the asylum
on - Hul-ht street from January 1. .1004, to
Afjrtl 1. 1004: Violet Lundbersr. - 0 yearn »
* : :ilha; Stella Kern. S. years 1» monthe: Ab-
. biv*: Kern. 3 years' 7- months; Slbella'Bank.
0 yt-ars 4 -months; Isabella Jackman. 10 j
, years B months; Valda 'Sharp, f> "years 3 1
- months; Sybil M. Sharp, 4 years 3 months; !
Carl Voss.y 10 years 10 • months: "Rudolph
Voss, S years ;' Edward Kern, 8 ' years 1 I
'month; George Kern, 5.'.y«ars '4- months: |
. Franz -HoDpe/jO years: -Daniel. L.' Sharp.- 2 i
• 3-ears 4 months; Augustus -Poetel.JK years; i
Frederick Postel, 9 years." SUSAN RUS- '
SELL SPOTTS. Secretary. - !
A GUARANTEED, cure for piles; PETER'
< FREILING'S pile salve, tl per box; war-
ranted to cure-ail 'iVttes or m#e«Ing; Itching. ¦
external, internal or- protruding pile*, also
fistula, without ' fall; -no matter how -lont
standing. 1C2S Devlaadero it., near Sutter. j
Ladies! Chfchecter's English Pennyroyal, Pills I
• are best; safe, reliable; take no other.' Send 4e
stamps for particulars. -VRetlef for Ladles"
In letter by return mail.' Ask your drucgist.
Chlcbeyter Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Ta :
SLOT MACHINES.- ;
Elot machines. $25; punchers $25*; Utters. cird
George. A." Rlehl. and Maud A. Falm er. :bot_
of San Francisco. .... . ; ' *"~
ROBINSON— GRANT— In this clty^ April W.
1P04. by the Rew Dr. John A.* B. Wllsion.
paster of Trinity Methodist Epl»copal Church,
Joseph H. Robinson and Mabel Grant, both
of. San FrancUco.
RYAN— LASSWELI In this city. April 13.
1904. .-by tn-.Rev., William Rader. v Alexander
Ryan of Danbury. Conn., and Alice G. Lats-
well of Santa Roi>a, Cal. - - ,-
"HIRAXE— LORENZEN— In this city. April
1M. IS*'!.' by the Rev. j; H. Schroeder.Theo-
_dore Thrane and' Annie .Lorenten.' •* •' * -.
7 DIED
'Barrett, Mora • M. ; O'Nell. Captain P.
Brady," Frank W. ¦ Pender. Thomas • ,.
Burgws, Georce . Pugh. Hannah
CastaKneuo. Geo. A. Qulnn. Annie
Chapman. Ellen M. Roderick. Joseph -D.
Chlsbotm. Alex - Rufus. Frederick*
Congdon. Edward H. Saake. Flora E. - - .
Donovan. Michael , Sawyer. George- M. •
G&!*house, Frederick Scollin. Frank P. i
GowJfellow. g. S Shannon. James
Gcrrr.an. Mrs. M. Slegel.' Moso ' *f
Haley. Bridget Smith. Thomas -
Hall. Gordon Stevens. John . "
' Lattfmore. John Taylor. Kathleen ~ O.
¦ Miner. Thomas , ' West. Hammond R.
.Moulthrop. varah A". Whlpple, Steven. ..
O'Neil. Cantata P.
BARRETT— In Alameda. April 18. 1904, Morm
Mo5» Barrett, beloved husband of Breta' E.
and father of Genoveva G. Barrett.- a native
of San Francisco. Cal., aged 41 years.
IT7 Friends and acquaintances _re respect-
fully invited la attend tbe funeral service-
Monday, April 19. 1004. at 1 o'clock. »t hi*
: late residence. KK> Taylor avenue. Interment
private. Mountain View Cemetery. '_ -i
BRADY— In' Lo» Angeles. April 13. 1004, Frank
W.. dearly beloved busband of Nellie Brady,
and loving father of FrankJe. Theodore, and
Ruasell Brady, a native of California.' " '
BURGESS— In this city. April 16, 1004, George.
tw loved husband of Be?s>le M. Burgees, and
brother of Mrs.- Alexander Badlam, a native.
of Scotland, aged C3 years. '.
CASTAGNETTO— In this city, April 14, 190*.
•.George Allen, dearly beloved son of Elizabeth
and the late Giovanni Castagnetto, and
brother of Edward and Walter Castagnetto,
Mrs. James A. Devoto and the lats John*.
Albert" and Frederick Castagnetto. a natlv*
of Sr.n Francisco. Cal., aged 26 years . 2
months and 5 days. A student of the das*)
of "04. Cooper Medical College. .
Cy Fr'f-r.il 3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral services)
Sunday. April 17. at 10:15 o'clock, at his lats
residence. 1234 Dupont street. Interment
' i-.alian Cemetery, by electric car from East
nnd Market streets at 11 o'clock sharp.,
niAPVJV In this /.llv An.lt 1R 1__ 1TI1»~
! hope pleasure reigns supreme; 4 an* well; how
¦ are you? L and K. . - . ¦¦ ,
A FINE suit to order on easy installments of
$1 a week. LEON LEMOS. 1127 Market:«t.,
between Seventh and ElKhth. C/
AT lesr'than cost: uncalled for suits, overccats
end trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721 Market st. . ¦
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dis-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co.,
• S12 Shotwell; consultation free; call or write.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs.. Sat. and Sun.;
classes Mondays, Friday*. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1W>« Market, nr. Larkln.
A destitute woman's friend; free secluded home
i during.- confinement; Infants adopted; good,
homes. Mrs. Dr. Funke, 1416 8th st. Alameda
WHITE — Call Tuesday evening; will let you
have all the news. BLACK.
BUSINESS and private correspondence solicit-
ed. Box - 1202. Call . office.
FORMULA for preserving, eggs; will keep Al;
10c. Address Shell Co.. Station C. city.
LADIES — Enlarge your bust 7 Inches; no fa!l-
. ure. Specialty Co.. Mt. Oliver, Pa.
FREE treatment to ladies calling this week;
Gem fac. mass, device-; parlors &17 Taylor et.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per w?ek.
NEUIIAUS & CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. _ Mrs. Travei-,'1170 Market.
Actina restores lost eyesightjeures deafness and
cfctarrh. A'VTDA Co.. 3524 19th, nr:Valencla.
MRS. Eaton, electric needle specialist. 3C9 Sut-
ter. r. 609. 'Mies Eaton. 233 Geary, room US.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN — CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
fcalr to its natural color. $1; at all druggists .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly, Call.
18 pag-ee. In wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year.
' PAtMISTHV. 7
MADAME DEVAS, palmlet and astrologer,
A— COKDOVA APARTMENT- ¦:
Will be finished March 15.
10S4 SUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully* light and sunny; 2-3-4 rooms. and
bath each- all unfurnished; $27 50 to $40.
Make re.itTvations' now. . •
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— Th«
acme of perfection in elegantly furn, 3-room
apartments; private- baths, steam heat, elec-
tric lights, elevator, gas ranges; HO to $53.
ST. LOUIS, ir.7. r > Jackson st. — Modern a-4-5
rooms; also slncle; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view: references. Phone East 1350.
THE.Avalon apartments. 670 Bush st. — Fur-
nished and unfur. sunny apart.; 3 and 4 rms.
ROOMS TO LET— F_rn. and Vntmrm.
HOTEL REX,
242 TURK ST.. SAN FRANCISCO,
PHONE PRIV. EX. tiflO.
NEW FIRE-PROOF BUILDING.
15S ROOMS: ELEGANTLY -FUR- .'.. .
NISHED SUNNY SUITS, WITH
PRIVATE BATH; ALSO SINGLE
ROOMS; THOROUGHLY MODERN
AND UP TO DATE; TELE-
PHONES IN ALL ROOMS; ELEC-
TRIC LIGHTS; STEAM HEAT.
ELEVATOR SERVICE "DAY AND NIGHT.
SPECIAL RATES TO TOURISTS
AND TRAVELING SALESMEN.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL. '
TUE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND 117 EDDY _T.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN: 150 ROOMS; 35 SUITS
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTRIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE INJ EVERY ROOM;
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 50 to $2 60 PER
DAY; SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1; HOT
WATER DAY AND TJIGHT. TELEPHONE-
SOUTH 1041. ' • ¦ -''.
ASHWORTH HOTEL,
£20 Mason et.. b»t. Geary and O'Farrell.
SIXTEENTH, ¦ 2822 — Sunny furnished room for
one or two.-' . • • •
STOCKTON. 41 and 45 — Nicely furnished sun-
- ny front suites, also single rooms, for 'gentle-
men; <1 50. $2 60 to «S week.'
SUTTER. S20 — Beautiful furnished rooms: hot
and cold water; baths and gas; suite for
. doctor. •¦ , ' . ..-•..
BUTTER, 935— Newly furnished room.
SUTTER, 1022%, near Hyde — 2 large, sunny
parlors: modern; gas grate, phone; reasonable.
SUTTER, 1531 — 1 - large furnished front room;
private bell and telephone.
SUTTER, 2170— Pleasant sunny front room;
furnished; 'bath and phone; reasonable.
SEVENTH, • 101 — Large sunny bay-window
room for housekeeping.
TEHAMA. 164— Furnished rooms' to let.
THE ST. KATHRYN, N.E. cor. Leavenworth
- and EIHb — Sunniest rooms In the city; new
hotel: Just furnished - froFh and clean; hair
mattresses in every room; also hot and cold
water,, baths. „ etc. : steam heat, throughout;
elevator service and every modern convenl-
ence; rooms from 5.1, per week up. ,
THIRTEENTH. 232, between Mission - and
Howard — Nice sunny back parlor,- suitable
for two: private family.
TREAT ave.. 807— Sunny room. •
TURK, ¦ 205^— Furnished ! rooms t6 \ let.
TURK. 825 — Single and double; also house-
keeping. - . .....
TURK. 825— Furnished room. '.-'-'
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to 91 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric Ilghtp tno gas), running water in every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light In every
room; 15c to $1 a night; 75c to;?5;a week;
open all night; convenient to all' cars. -;
UNION. S26. rear — Two sunny, large furnished
tnachlnee.$20. W.AiBradford C0..UM Market.
-_-*?_-L l L^P- l ? n -. A£f* r *Y A _ J ?£ t L IO J USKJ '
A— EMPORIUM Storage 3t -Van Co.; ruVaIt_re7
household goods • stored, moved, chipped. 72.5-
'731 Howard it..' Dr. Third: phone Orant ltil..
A— GILBERT & STOLL Storage Co.: storage.
.. packing, shipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1230 Market, r. 84; tel. South 730.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storase _ Moving Co.. of-
floe Pott and Powell sts. ;Mel. Priv. E-. ST1.
CONKLIN'S Storage— Furniture and mer'eban-
dlse. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone 1Sast 129.
GOLDEN West Storare; advances made.' 849
Mission st. ;-te_ Howard 9J_.F..W. gehfuti.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmorest.-; phone Jackson 251.
BEKINS Van and'storage Co. 4 11' Montgomery
«t.: tel Main. 1840- Shloplnr at rut rates.
W HTT E H S^ A X D SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. A
.Smith Premier, . $23; ether typewriters at
. higher and lower -prices; rentals %2 50 4 Tbs
Typewriting Exchange. K0 California st..'
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars of L. AM. ALEXANDER. 110 Moiu-
gom»ry r%. . • r
RKMINOTON typewriter, good as new. cheap.
6 Eddy st.. room 100. . . . . .
2D-HAND • typewriters sold,- rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriter Inspee. Co.. HQH Market.
, ".'¦PROPtiSAJuS.
UNIVERSITY of Callfornl_,"^Berkeley Notice
to contractors; builders 'and material men
Notice is hereby given, that sealed- bids axe
solicited for performing the' labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the granite and
brick work for California Hall on the grounds
of the University of • California at Berkeley
California, and said bids will be received at
the office of the Regents, South Hall Berke-
ley, at or before 12 • o'clock m. of April
.' twenty-fifth, .1904. -Plans and specifications
<¦ of said granite' and -brick work have been
adopted and may be examined dally at office
¦ of the Rpgents from 9 a. m. until 4' p m.
„ No bids will , be considered unless accom-
panied .by a certified oheck or bend of bidder
In' favor of the Regents of the University or
j May. beloved wife of William I. Chapman
and mother of Walter M. Chapman, a native
of Pennsylvania, aged 3C years. (Pittsburgh
Pa., and Santa Ana. Cal., papers pleas«
copy). • #
• ICPFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th« funeral Monday
. at 2 o'clock, from the Seventh Day Advent*
1st Church. Laguna street, between Golden
Gate avenue and McAllister street. Inter-
ment' Cypress. Lawn Cemetery. . p
CHISHOLM— In Benicla. April 15. 1904.
Alex Chlsholm. beloved husband of Christina
Chlsho-n, a native of Nova Scotia, aged CO
ytant. . ... . : ¦
|_~Frien<Is and acquaintances are respect-"
- fully invited to attend tbe funeral Sunday.
April 17. at'- o'clock, from his Ute resi-
dence, Benicla. Cal.
CONGDON— In Oakland, April 16. 1904. Ed-
ward ' H. Congdon. father -of Edna. R. E..
Dr. Merton J. and Miles S. Congdon. and
brother of David Congdon of San Francisco.
J. H. Congdon of Berkeley and the lats>
Henry Congdon of Honolulu, a native oC
Norwich. Conn., aged 71 years.
E7Bur!al from the family residence. 2218
Bancroft way, at 2 o'clock to-day (Sunday >.
• Funeral and interment private. ."
DONOVAN— In San Leandro. April 15. 1904.
Michael, beloved husband of Anna Donovan.
a native of Ireland, aged 80 years. J - fci
ir^~The funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday), at 0:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, Davis street, San Leandro, thenca
to St. Leander's Church, where services will
be held. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
i Oakland.
I GALEHOUSE-^-In this city, April 15. 10O4.
Frederick, beloved husband of Fanny M.
Gatehouse, father of Scott and William
Oalehouse. and grandfather of Frank C.
- Oalehouce. a native of Ohio, agtd 72 year?
and 5 months. (New York papers pleas*
copy.) A member of Associated Veterans oC
the Mexican War; Apollo Lodge No. 123, "I,
» O. O. F., and Valley Lodge No. 30, A. O.
U. W.
t_r Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from Memorial Hall,
. Odd Fellows' building, corner Seventh and;
Market streets, under the auspices of Apollo
Lodge No 123. I. O. O. F. Cremation Odd
j Fellows"- C«metery. Please omit flowers.,
! Remains at the parlors of Craig. Cocbran &
I Co.. 420 Golden Gate avenue, between Polk;
I and Larkin streets.
j GOODFELLOW— In this city. April lfl,
! I!l(i4 Summtrfi>!d S- beloved husband of
Cc-rtt-ou» tri-atment. S'.r^-tly m-Siieouu.
\*. .'.- n Vou >»'• vJ Moner
F"> UUKJJAN MURl'HY- . - -
MANHATTAN SAVINGS HANK,
lMi.Ut.fcM :.V» AMI 4j i'KIt O_.N"T.
A1TI.Y HIKKCT TO A BAVXNG. BANK.
Any amjunt advR'ict-d on city. ¦ >,-k an i. town
and country r«_.l estate.
H«>cor.d mortgcti's. est—tes in i"n>hat<\ undi-
»-irt<il infrt-tt* in r«-al estate, picjcrty 1a trust;
lu_r.s ''.iustd »rt/rnptly.
.MANHATTAN SAVINGS HANK.
iOT-^-V <JI'.OCK.I'ia ItUILl'ING..
POST AND MARKET Sr_.
~ WILL LOAN
A reasonable amoi'nt on
let, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real e£t_ te or
Ch-Uels, in city, town
or 4*>untry.
L«w rat* of — itercst.
Gt\-e full particulars
cf property or chattel-.
Location, etc.
Lex 40S. Call of.ee.
6ALAKT Loans— ,
Money loaned salariei people xvtthout seenr-
Ity or indorsement, knowledge or employer or
any one: confidential and courtecUF treatment;
o_ll and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
THE United Loan and Trust Co., 21 Stockton
«>t. <upst_irsl. leans xr.onc-y en diamonds, jew-
elry _r.d valuables st 2 pfcr'cent per mcnili;
absolute prlva cy. Phone Bush 484.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, jewelry, seaJpkins
snd valuables: our fireproof valut is protect-
ed from burglars by electricity. PORTLAND
LOAN OFFICE. 25 Stockton; phone Bush 4S4.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; caey payments; large business in
46 principal cities. Tolman. £53 Parrott bid.
ALL loan* on diamonds — nd Jewelry 2 per ce_ t
mo. S. F Collateral Loan Bank. S."8 Kearay.
t% T .'N furn'.tur* * pianos; $15 up; no r> rr.ova:;
bo com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy rt.
ANY amouat quickly on furniture or piano,
Ttthout removal or other security;, no com.;
fat— «t rates: strictly confidential. ' Nation— I
Credit Co.. O Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
TT1E United Loan snd Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
•t. (Bp*t_lrs). loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per moath;
sbpclute privacy. Phone Bueh 484.
HIGHLY respectable rrivate place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds Jewelry at 2
p*r cent lnter««t. lUliIwin Jewelry Stor»,
Mt Market; t«-l. Main UA4. nracch.19 Third.
AT lowest rates on fnrniture and plsnos; strlrt
prl v *ry;no commission ;lm>ta!!mpnis acopted.
BONELLI. 301 Hddy. Conservatory bufldlsc
1 PER cent oa furniture or planoc: no remove I;
_ ©• commlMton ; r.o publicity: $>5 up: quick.
«julet. confidentiaL 20 _.ontgomerr s!..ra. 7.
MONEY to loan on low interest: gold, stiver.
<3!a monds, pearls and precious stones bought
-1 W. i. HESTIIAL'S. 10 Sixth 8t.
STAR Lo_o Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311. Mutual Sav. Bk.
'bid.; O_kUnd offlce. 1103^ Brtwj-., suite 1-2.
MCKICIPAL WAN OFFTCE. iCS Grant ave..
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
KBW easy method — To wage earners on ua'.n-
«or*«d notes: absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Comrany. rooms 48-4d Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture Indorsed note* snd other security. S. F.
Discount Arency. 143 Pbelan bldg.
] PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
fUvinr? Bank building. 708 Market st.
CASH loaned raiarVd people on notes without
Indorser. MOBELL, 609 H_aminer building.
~ ' HO\GV WAATCD.
\TANT_X> — A loan of $10,000 for a term of
years at 8 per cent per annum oa real ettate.
Address box 3C14. Call ofOc*.
MILLI.VKHV.
ACADEMY Millinery. 42S Futtrr — Only echool
that teaches trimming hats eystc-maUcaJly.
.SCKLLA % i:o LS— FOR 5AI__T~
iJOILERS. engines, 2d-h*nd machinery. McIN^
TOHH — WOLPMAN. 1U5-107 Fremont et.
does Youn nobrT.EAK?
Repair it with elatente; in rolls easy to lay:
need« no painting or coating; good o\er old
Iron, tin or sh'rutfesr best for new roofs.
KLATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market «t.
NEW ras lamp burner; can be used on any
¦lamp now bumlns; oil; no chimney required;
tiriefct Upht: little coat: sample mailed SOc
Manhattan Illumin— ting Co., 74 Park Place*
New York. IC. Y. .
2D-HAND machinery, engines,, boiled i%~pumps
rollers fliBfring. etc.. etc., l«) U^ht 'scld*
— ;ntf«i and see Pun.Uy ij-nerF*
U. S. WlilTK MCIiV. CO.. iao-ia_ Beairst!
nr.FKi? -nd office furniture; $20.ttK) stock to
t.<- sold, before April 15: ihis nr.-K ran *>•
tntiirht tn.lnrge ©r Fmnll lotn. T b Mc-
CAHTHY CO.. 7V2 Missioo. Phone Uu.-h 4»;7.
I TENT _ AWNING CO.,35 Mrkt.Tel.Buph S5S
\ HOOKS bought ; libraries p-rchasad. ! Ktac's
OU Bookstore. Cl McAllister st.
STHCL lined safe. 1S00 pounds, $125. RICH-
ARD? ONBROS^181CMarket__ '
BARGAINS In fin# diamonds • and watches;
eary nax-ments. GARIN, 803 Hayward bldg.
. GASOLINE cr.glnes bought, sold, exchanged.
npa.rcd. Pykes-Corson Co.. 254 Beale st.
SAFCS and c*rh reristers. new and eecond-
j hand. I. FREEMAN. 1329 Market st.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mkt.
BLOT machines cheap: Chicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. 933 M-rttet.
SAFES— New find second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 807 Battery st.
MOVING pictures, majric lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New snd second-hand. E. B." BECK
& CO.. 1_2 Market s^
! GASOLINE engines, automobiles snd launches;
ail sizes. J. E. DOAK. 40 Fremont st.
j MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
! WANTED — A good saddle bcree; must b«
**oun<i and ch«ap for cash. T. W. RIVERS,
' 205 Montgomery st.
: SMALL scroll e»w table. 304 Seventh St..
fiat B.
' WANTED — Coal rtove In exchange for gas
I range. 1304 Valencia st,
! A BULL terrier male pup; fttate prtce; must
i be reasonable. Box 1455, Call. . . -
! EHOES want* 4: misfit St castoft; highest prcs.;
{ new _» 2d hand shoes for eale. . 749 Mission.
i SECOND-HAND bicycle. 22-lnca frame, cheap.
Address bax 1730. Call office.
j MrSICV\I^lK\^^tUMKXTS.
I A FEW GOOD BARGAINS FOR THIS WEEK:
1 Draper, upright grand $l(>0
1 Wlls'in. upright grand $160
1 Syn;phr»n>, upright rrand $175
1 I H-nniKton. upright grand $200
1 HowarU. upright grand '. $2.V)
1 Letter*, upright grand $_75
1 i-n,.ul llvn.n M_uzy f.W)
j 1 lsi^e liyron Mauey... ....*37S
i 1 email Solmer At Co .....H(Ki
1 large Snlm«r _ Co $450
1 Miller, —^yy- grand $25
1 lKhrins. iMji.-rv grand 1 j:i5
1 limcraon.' wipare grand ;.. $00
1 Knabo. square grand t^...t...... . .?75
j 1 M'eber. square grand $80
: 1 Sf-inway _ Honn. squc. re grand S1(K>
1 Decker Brothers, square grand $100
< 1 Ht/hnicr & Co.. e<iu_ re grand $I2S
! 1 Standard organ $23
' 1 New _nc!and orpau .$30
1 .'{ i>t.- organs $40, $00 and $00
i 2 Mason _ Hamlin organs $50 and $!»0
I 1 T.-iber oik— n 1 .- *.'•<»
3 Chipel organs $75. $100 and $125
1 new Uyrun Mnuzy pipe (irgwi fi.~«0O
j " BYIJON MA UZY. 308-12 Post St. ,
all EPJtKD-Ti:
Fischer, new $-"J_5, now $150.
Hertz, new $300. now $G7.
Milit-r. t.tw $:J00. now $145.
:t iCinerscm. n»w $_T<o to $350. now $160.
2 Chirkcring. new $450. now $100. SI85.
r Btdawar. new $S75. $750. now $185, $325.
Heine, new i.*.".".. now $3J3.
K>-ntt> $2 up; Installmcn— 1, $4 up. Rent ap-
plied If purchased.
. HUM; PIANO CO.. 235-237 Geary •„
Oakland— 1252 Broadway. . .
ABSOLUTE BARGAINS IN PIANOS. :
One In fair order. .....$10
One a little better ; -.$15
Another, condition good.... $23
A2so a Cbirkertng, Mason & Hamlin. two
Steinways, Knabe. Vose Sterling, Mayson.
Emcreon, Hallet A Davis, Btarr and many
others, from $&S up: easy terms; fully guar-
anteed. BEN J. CUKTAZ & SON. 16 O'Far-
rell st. .- ¦ ••
ONLY piano houre In the city that will rent
you _ new plsno for $3 per month and allow
«! months* rent and ca rtage-. off • pure— ase
price; sole agents for.McPhall. Schiller and
other makes. PCOTT-CURTAZ. &60 Hayeg.
SPECIAL bargains this week; rquare pianos,
$25; uprights. $100 up; organs, $25. BYRON
MAU2Y. 308 Post st. - ¦ v :
J75: STEIN WAY piano. Cost $600, for rslo o»»
K5 Installments. 130S Goueh ft., near Geary.
STEIN WAY, nearly new; upright; A.' Gabler,
and Steck mahi-cany. 216 McAllister ml
NEW upright pianos sold on S.'» monthly pay-
tncntw. FCHM.ITZ & CO.. IC McAllister st.
3-PEDAL St^lnway up. ;Chlckering baby grand;
Fhonlnprr. little u?«»J. Keefte's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
; SOHMKR. .Byron Mouzy pianos. Cedlian< piano
I piaytr. r CYROX UAITZY. -3(18-312 Post «.
; CATAKRH, liKAFNKSS «nd NOISES in KAK3
pokMx+ty ctirvd: new ntethudf: I w*ek's ireat-
ment (ree Dr. Cottincbam. 204 Sutler au '
Liebes bldg.. 139 Poat St.; Hours w to o.
MME. XEEROARD, located at~242 Post; hours
1 to S- daily. Phone James 1. Clasees.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. B18
Taylor et.. near Geary. Phone Black 501.
ROOMS FOR HOPSEKEEPIXG.
ALL sunny; best In city; 3 or 4 rooms furnish-
ed or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES APART-
MENTS, 15C0 Sacramento St.. nr. Larkln.
CALIFORNIA. 3031—30 or 5 sunny housekeep-
ing rooms, furnished complete; gas range;
adults. -
CLAY, 1014 — Three sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping. • :
CLAY. 1323 — Elegantly furnished apartments,
two or three; pleasant surroundings.
DOLORES, 1000—2 furnished rooms for house-
keeplng; rent $12.
EDDY. 526 — 3- roomed sunny apartment; pri-
vate" bath; also single rooms.
EDDY, 964 — 2 large sunny connecting rooms,
with small kitchen.
EDDY, 112<W Four" unfurnished housekeeping
rooms, f 16. •__ •
ELGIN PARK, M — Sunny, unfurnished double
parlors and kitchen; ' new and modern; for
man and wife. '
ELI— S. 477 — Housekeeping, 2 or 8 rooms; also
front' and back parlor. „" •
ELLIS. 604— Furnished housekeeping rooms;
two for $15, or three $25. . ¦
•FIFTEENTH. 1479, . near Howard — Unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms.
FOURTEENTH. 72C — 3 or 4 rooms furnished;
north of Market st.; new .carpets. -
FRANKLIN, 203 — Three nicely furnished
housekeeplns rooms; bath; eunny corner flat.
FULTON, 233 — Two connecting housekeeping
rooms; gas range, grate; no childpen.
FTjlxon, 613 — Two rooms, ; front and . back
parlors. «-ai>, grate, bath. .
GEARY. 408 — Three nicely furnished «unny
rooms: references exchanged.
GOUGH, 137 — Two sunny front rooms for light
- ¦ housekeeping. •
GROVE. 107 — 3 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping. ' ¦
GROVE. 301— 2 furnished rooms for light
i housekeeping: no other roomers.
GUERRERO. 104— Three elegant sunny, con-
nesting rooms; regular kitchen; steel range;
adults. - - .- .. ¦ ; -
GUERRERO. 226— Young couple to shartf new
flat. ¦ ;¦¦-.
HAWTHORNE. 18. off Howard, nr. Third-
Large sunny bedroom and kitchen, furnished,
pas. yard, elnk, $3 per week. - • .
HOUSEKEEPING rooms to let In all parts of
the city. Box 2002. C-lloffice.
HOWARD. 737%— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; rent reasonable; suitable for light
housekeeping. ' ;
JESSIE. 323— Large' sunny room; furnished
housekeeping; gas range; $2 76 week.
JONES. 6J4— Sunny front alcove; complete for
housekeeping; also 2 sunny basement rooma;
coal stove, yard and laundry; $16; 2 single
rooms. $5 and $7. ¦
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine—
I Sunny, .furnished' 3-room' suites; steam hoat-
' rd. electric lighted; free baths; rate $30 up.
LAGUNA. 810 — 3 or. 4 nicely furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms, bath and yardi reason-
able.
MARKET. 1697—2 unfurnished rooms for
housekeepins. . ' .- : . .
MARKET. 1852 — Housekeeping- rooms.
MASON, 825 — Elegant 3-4 room suites; gas/
bath electflc light, sun, phone; new. • ¦ .
MCALLISTER. 30— 2 rooms lor light hcu»c-
keeplng-; eunny; running water. -
MISSION. S68— For rent/housekeeping rooms;
reasonable prices ¦ .
MISSION. 2022 — 3 sunny housekeeping; rooms.
NINTH. 113—2 sunny housekeeping rooms";
running - water • and bath ; reasonable.
OAK.' 117 — Sunny roorhs'tl.Sft to $r; per week;
E-! 1 . range,' hot; bath, laundry;' adults! ' ',
O'FARRELL. C23 — Nicely; furnished 'front al-
cove suite; small kitchen:. $_.*.
O'FARRELL. (127— Sunny. , furnished upper
floor; 4 rooms, bath; also one room. •
PAGE, 141— Suite of furnished," housekeeping
rooms; kitchen, Move. sink'. .
PAGE. 27S — 2 housekeeping rooms; complete;
•• eunny. .
Rooms with or without private bath..
. N«w addition^ Just completed: entira houst
newly renovated: sun in rooms all day.
AURORA, correr Second and Folsom ats. — New
houEe. new furniture; every room outside;
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
week up; this Is the only up-to-date house la
this vicinity; first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.— Rooms
25c to $1 per night, $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
AT "The Almonte," 873 Market st. (or No. 1
Fifth gt.)— Rooms, 25c, 50c, $1, $1 60 night;
$1 r.o to $10 week; house open all night.
ASHBURY. 727 — $27 W>: 6 modern" sunny rooms;
largo bath; healthy; 15 mln. Halght-st. cars.
BRYANT, 455B — A nice sunny front room, j
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nifhi-d rooms, suite, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH 2327 — Sunny furnished rooms; new flat.
Call mornings except Sunday.
CLAY, 1000 — Furnished front room; large and
sunny.
CLIFFORD,- 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished eunny rooms; prices reasonable. >
CUM MINGS <The). 018 Post. nr. Taylor— Just
opened; desirably located: sunny single rooms
and suites, with private baths, hot and cold
water, cteam heat, electric lights, phone every
room; elevator. Phone ErsI 1317 if desired.
ELLIS. 611— Nicely furnished sunny front
suite; front alcove room, light housekeeping.
ELLIS, 601 — Furnished rooms to let. 1
FELL, 252— Well furnished, comfortable bed-
room, for gentleman only; private family."
FILLMORE, 1124. nr. Golden Gate ave.— On«
or two refined people- can: find neatly fur-
nlshed outside rooma In modern flat.
FILLMORE, 1323 — Sunny, front room; fur-
nished. ' ¦'. : ' '
FIRST. 317— Large sunny furnished rooms for
man and wife or two men. '¦
FOLSOM. 1220 — Nice sunny room, suitable- for
two people. • ¦¦' ¦ - ' t •-.'-¦ '
FOR single gentleman. In private boms ' (no
othc roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
room, with bath' adolnlnc: 4 blocks ..from
, park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624, Call offlce.
FOURTH. 22S— Furnished rooms to : 1«_ \
FOURTEENTH. 121— Front . parlor, bay-win-
dow, pisno. bath, gas: very reasonable,' ,''_¦;
FRANKLIN. -721, nr. Golden Gate— Sunny, fur-
nished front room; all conveniences; $12.
FULTON. 811— Unfurnished basement to. let:
,B rooms; ' rent reasonable: no children;' gas.
GEARY. 860 — Newly furnished, renovated rnu;
! all sunny; -.homelike;, central; piano;, baths.
GOLDEN Place. 3. off Golden Gate ave., bet.
Hyde- and Larkln— Two ; nicely furnished
• rooms; $6 and f 8: for gentlemen. ...
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35o
to $1-25 night: 1 , $1 60 to $6 wk.; reading-room.
GRANT AVE.. -.7 — Nicely furnished sunny
suite.' suitable 4 gentlemen; also single rms.
GROVE. 484— Furnished room, . v vi?;.
GUERRERO.^ 31. near Market— To'- rent, two
nicely furnished sunny front rooms. -suita-
- ble for one or two gentlemen; private, family.
11AIGHT. CS, • near Market — Comfortable fur-
nished room; sunny aide; good German board.
HARRISON. 784%. ; near 4th— Fine"" furnished
sunny "roms;- bath; homelike;. $1 week up.
HAYES, v 10814— By -Ma'y'l; suite of * sunny
rooms: private: bath, gas and kitchen.*: '.;•-<.
HOWARD. >'¦ J424 — A* small rurnlehed '¦? room;
j ga a, double bed;: rent $5. v ; * ¦¦ :-¦¦ --.«.,¦
! JESSIE. 43:'.— Furnished; room to let.'
J KEARNY. 215-f-N«iwly 'renovated rooms;' also
back suite to let. -', -.: ¦ ¦' ¦¦'¦¦ -.;¦'.• '_: :,¦
LEXINGTON'!; ave'.'. : l-lO — Furnished '• rooms. ¦'
LAFAYKTTn." ¦ 13— Furnished front , room,*
I : LEXINGTON A VE... llO^-FurnlBheit rooms. .'
' LLOYD; 21O — FUrnlehed room, bath, -etc.; rent
f- .t?S for month. ' "_V_" - '„¦ •¦¦¦'-
MARKICT. "l.TM.'opp.: Seventh— Sunny furnished
, room5,;on' firrt-flo<ir;,"pultable- for business
- purposes;: pciod^Iocatlohj-rent reasonable.
MASON.- lll_H.'--ne-rlClay— -A': handsome^ furn.
: : sunny' front '* room " suite : 1 single ; , private."- v, '.
MCALLISTER." C21— Nicely' furnished' rooms;
rent reasonable. * : :?fv; • . / •
rooms in quiet neighborhood to let. '
VAN NESS ave., 610 — Elegant front ; parlors
- and adjoining suite for offlce or clnb. . - -.
VAN NESS, 1814, nr. Sutter— Exceptionally
desirable, sunny front alcove and single
; room; newly- furnished: modern conyen-
•lences; private; references. •*
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. near Market-
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
36c to tl 60 night; $2 to. $8 week; elevator:
elec. llghtw: reading-room: free bus; baggage.
ROOMS AND BOARD.'
EDGEMERE HOTEL. «
7SI Bush st.: above Powell; 1 select , first -
-class residential hotel; elegantly furnished
and tabls unsurpassed; electrlo light; steam
heated and private exchange telephones in
•very room; terms reasonable. ' " .- "•
B. DU CARPB, Prop.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.: NEAR OBART 8T.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 7Qg.
BOARDand suite for one: private family;
vicinity of Park preferred ; $40. Address,
with references, box 1352, Call. •
HOWARD, 841 A— First-class board with room,
single or double, $5-$6 week; American fam-
ily; home cooking; home comforts: piano.
AN Inexpensive, sociable home In Mission for
one or two gentlemen. . Box,128S, Call offlce.
HAYES. 640— Sunny furnished ' rooms with
board ; : gentleman preferred.
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Sutter— Sunny suites,
single rms. ; excellent table: moderate prices.
LARKIN. 814 A— Room and board; young men
-<* tily; $6 per week. ' ¦ ' ,
O'FARRELL, 1420— Rooms with board; sunny;
suitable for 2; bath; phone. .
ROOM -and board for worklngman; $4 CO per
week. . 1620 Folsom st. . •• •
TWO furnished rooms and board. Box 1293,
¦ Call offlce. - ' ' , - ' .
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
unites, with baths; also single; homelike.
ROOMS J AXD BOARD IVAN TED.
WANTED — 8 or 4 unfurnished rooms, north of
Market' east of Van Ness; sunny; reasonable.
Box 63. 1008 Market st. '
YOUNG r man wishes good room with break-
fast;- family where there are young people
and soma sociability. . Box 1613; Call.
ROOM and i board in private family^ for stu-
dents attending business college; near Kear-
ny and Market sts. Address box 1271. Call.
WANTED — Couple of boarders. 70 Fourteenth
! st,.. between Folsom and Harrison.'
TOUNG roan desires board with small private
family. '<¦ Box 1629. Call offlce. - : > t.
ROOMS^WANTED. .
NURSE, employed, wants 'unfurnished .room
with telephone; reference*. P. O. box 2496,
city. , :,.¦:.¦/•¦¦ \- ¦'-¦' '¦'•¦:'¦.-¦'¦"- ¦' ¦¦ ; "-:' : ' --'*. ;
WANTED — 3 . or- 4 : newly; furnished rooms for
" housekeeping; family 3 adults; . walking- dis-
tance ;. state price. • Address ,box' L 1284, , Call.
NEAT room within 3 blocks of Parrott bldff.
FRED KRUEGER, 205 Pa'rrott bldg\\ ,
QUIET/ couple.- 2 housekeeping rooms, central,
north Market: state ' price.* : Box 1304," Call. •
WANTED — 2 unfurnished, rooms with bath by
: April ,25i not too far out.", Box .1719, Call.
TWO - unfurnlshedL rooms - for.- young " married
couple.. Address. J.;B.. 304- Seventh st. ¦;
YOUNG >man ..wants pleasant' room ; '- give full
particulars. Box 1667, ; Call offlce. ,
WANTED — Unfurnished apartments. Box 1.T30,
/ Call offlce. ¦ v ,. ¦¦:.¦¦..- :-;z. ¦¦- r .
WANTED— 2 unfurnished rooms.' "Address box
•1666/ Call office.— ' '>' ¦ '¦¦'¦¦; • :
~-._ , -STABLES TO LET.T^~~~*
POST/^OO-^-Stable arid large yard . to" let : coul.l
-be -used for' coal" yard .or; carpjnter; , 3-yjar
¦l<»B.se." ''."',.-.•:-'..• -••¦¦.'-¦';¦" ¦",..'' :¦ '-¦¦ .-- ; --..* ¦¦
>T Ji'TT E H IXO AXD STAMMBK IV 1 ;.
MELBOURNE Institute, 'V Van .' Nes^ & Market.
-" prom lee* nire.if In-fair health: ! r.ours I u> S.
'¦• '¦ : ; P»V» MKXI V XOTICKS. .. .V^. -J.. ' .'
KAN *FHA*N_1__O 'and Suburban Home Uu;ia-
¦ ing Society,*. 5th' floor,", MutuarSa\1ng»__nk
' building. 708 ; Market st.. < opposite h- Third —
{ For. tbehalf year ending. .'lint of'Decemb*r,
• 1903, «i a ' dividend J has - been -'¦ declared at s the
• rate: per annum ! of *<1_)' twelve "per -cent —n
; ' capital i stock * and '¦• participating • certificates,
> free of taxes, payable on and after.SATUlj-
DAT," January 2. 1904."" JOSEPH "AT LEON-
. ARD, Manager. < HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
California, equal to ten (10) per cent of his
with sufficient sureties.- conditioned that
If satd .bid be accepted, the bidder will duly
. enter -Into a proper - contract to' faithfully
perform the duty and obligations In accord-
ance with said bid a»,d with tlw plans and
specifications whlehyare hereby required to be
a part of such contract. .The right to reject
• any and all bids Is hereby reserved. By or-
derof the Committee on Grounds and Iiulid-
lngs of the. Board of Regents.- V. H HEN-
DERSON, Acting Secretary. ' . '.,
UNIVERSITY of CallCornla. Berkeley— Notlcw
to contractors," builders and material men
/Notice is hereby given that sealed bids are
solicited for performing the labor and fur-
nishing the materials for the superstructure
of. the central ' power plant on the. grounds
¦ of the University of California at Berkeiey
Callfornia, and said blds.will.be received at
the offlce of the Regents. South Hall. Ber-
keley, at or before 12 o'clock m. of April 28
1904. Plans and specincatlons of said super-
structure of the central power plant have
" been adopted and may be; examined daily at
offlce of the Regents from 9 a. m. until 4 p.
m. No bids will be considered unless ac-
'•' companied by _ certified check OY bond of
bidder, in favor of the Regents of the Uni-
versity of California, equal to ten (10) per
- cent of his bid with sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned tl-at if said bid be accepted, the
bidder will duly enter Into a proper contract
to ¦ faithfully perform- the duty and obliga-
tions in accordance with said bid and with
• the plans and specifications which are here-
by required to be a part of such 'contract.
By order of the Committee on Grounds and
Buildln_s of the "Board of Regents. V. 11.
HENDERSON, acting eecretary. . ¦<
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage, licenses were Issued
yesterday:
Herman Relmers, 31, 1605 Baker street, and
Johanna Murnane, 24, 832A Alabama street.
Anthony A. Brunswick, 40, city, and Ella
Glep.son. 23, city. ' ' . .
John H. Kelly. 21. 537 Grove etreet. and
Margaret Kennedy, 21, 141". Sickles avenue.
Christen Christensen, < 27. 334 Third street,
and Martha Hansen. ,20, 5H0 Minion street.'
Francisco G. Lopez, 23,840Vi Jackson street,
and Cristina RIebellnr. IS, 840% Jackson street.
I Peter A. ¦ Jensen, -4, 0 Rlvoli avenue, and
Mary E. Feretsen. 27.' 5 Rlvoli avenue.
Louis N. Devlncenzl. : 22, 30 Boardman place,
md Elvira Cafferata. _0, ¦ 18 Lafayette place.
Samuel Clarke, 42. 304 Third - street, and
Emma Schardln," 40. ;115 Franklin street. ¦-
George'. W. Smith, -23, Orovllle, and Grace
O. Horton, 20. Orovllle. '.
Henry Ward, 55, Alameda, and Anna Co_,
60. 1514 Pine street. .
Felix A. Plnana. 33, Oakland, and Llczle
Smith, 40. Oakland. l
Joseph Bafflco, 21, 14 Fourteenth street, and
Nettle Hanson. 18. 12 Fourteenth street. .
George R. Lester, 26. 1817- Mission, street,
and Edna M. Fleming, 20.. CalhUoga. •
Jean P. Urrere, 29. 1757 Polk street, and
Madeleine- Thee. 23>1~57. Polk street., -
; EIRTHS-MRRIA-ES-D-AfHL
Birth, matTlatteand d'ath notices .sent ,. by
mall will not be Inserted. They, must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have > the same ¦ published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.- ' :
BORN.
CARTER— In ' Santa* Cruz.' Cal.. April- 4. 1004.
to the. wife of T.: Newton Carter, a son. .
COX— In this city, April; 14, 1004, to the wlfa
of.J. :H. Cox. a son. . . " * • •
DEMPSEY— Arril 15, 1»C4. to the wife of
;¦ Elmo H.,Dcmpsey, a Fon: r, .-. '¦
DESMOND— In 'this city., March, 13, 1004 - to
the wife of C. L^Desmsnd. a son. .
KWALD— In thi3 city.' March 13, 1004, to the
- - wife of J. ' P. Ewald. a daughter. '
j FRENCH— In this city,, -April 10, 1904. to the
':i wife., of L. O. French, -a son.- . . .'
HANLEY— In "this city. April 2. 1904. to the
¦'¦¦'wife'-of H. G.^Hanlcy. a son. . .- . ., '
HANSEN— In - this ¦ city. .April 10, l»O4, to the
wife of.Osear Hansen, a son. , * .'
HARRIS— In Ihi? city, Aprir 7,'"i0C4, to the
' wifo-of J.-B."." Harris, a d-uahttrt'SfgaEB
>McKOWN— iit'tbU rliy, April 1).\, 1001. .to the
' wife of .William McKoV.-n. fa son. v\ ".
"OWENS— In 'this '"eity. Arril 12.- J l»04. to the
¦ wife of'Robert.'L.*iO~c-ns."a;dauBhter. 1
V. ; ' ; '¦£."£§ -j; ,• i^MARKIEix^V
BURMFSTeVv— RGIJEliTS— In , this' city. April
.13. 11KH, by the Rev. William Raricr, George
¦ "W.-'Burmesterand Eetella" Rcherts.-both of
¦,, Berkeley,,-- t:a l . <:..¦:,;, -.,:;'.,.; . ¦ ,.,;",
MURRAY — WILLIAMS — In this city. AprillC.
• l!Ki4. ;by the Rtv. Dr." John A.' U. Wilson,
;•* pastor of TrlnItyiMethodl?t'Ep!s:opal'Cliurch.
-t- William Morgan^ Murray » of Paris. Ivy., ; and
>""j ;Edna M. N <. Williams o( .Los 'Angeles, .Cal." "':''
' NASON— HART--In : this city, 'April 16. l»04,
'- : -- ; by » the 1 Rev.VWnilam Rader.-.RIchard;N".tNa-
| : - - son and May belle C. - Hart, . both of this city.
RIEHL— FALMER— In this city, April . 6, :i0O4,
by the Rev."*- Dr.T John "A." 'B.^ WllSonr. - pastor
of ' Trinity Methodist ; . Episcopal Church.
1 JennJtte ..Goodfellow, and father of S. ¦'¦'l.i-
I E. M.. R. E. and E. A. Goodfellow, Mrs.W.*
V. Lee and Mrs. C. A. McColl, a native of
Pennsylvania, agf d 72 years 2 months aa —
10 days.
t_^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, at the Cal-
j lfornla-street M. E. Church. Interment
I . Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland.
GORMAN— Entered Into rest. April 15, 1004.
at her residence, 02O Montgomery street, Mrs.'
Margaret Gorman, beloved mother of Mrs.
M. Crotty. and sister of Mrs. A. E. Davis
and M. J. McNamare. » . .'"
E~FrIend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fuuly invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
April 17,- 1»O». st 12:30 o'clock, from her
I late residence, 02O Montgomery street, be-
tween Broadwav and Pacific street. Inter-',
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HALEY— In this city. April 15, 1904, Bridget.
beloved wife of the late Patrick Haley, and
mother of John and Thomas Haley. Mrs. .
Harry Bowley and the late Frank and James
Haley, a native of County Cork, Ireland.'
aged 59 years. /
IT— TFriends and acquaintances are respecfc
fully Invited to attend 4he funeral to-ipor- j— '
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. from tb»
funeral parlors of McGinn Bros.,' 224-2-9
McAllister street, thence to St. Joseph'*
Church, where a solemn requiem mass .will
be celebrated for the repose t>f her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by train leayfyztg Third ana
• Townsend street at 11:30 o'qjlock. -
HALL — In Oakland, April V6. iool, Gordon.
infant son of Samuel P.afaa Charlotte Spear
Hall, a native of OaMand. aged 2 months
and 14 days. f y ' ' *
LATT1MORE— In th,<V c lty. April. 14,. 1904.
John Lattlmore, belov<>_- •'-.,: sjwiri <_ the lat»
Eliza Lattlmore, and father of William. -•
Andrew and John Lattlmore, a, native of-
Londonderry, Ireland, aged 4tf years 7
months and 13 days.
tt_7"Funeral -services Sunday, April 17, at'
• 2 o'clock, at the chapel of X. Gray & Co.,
353 Sutter street. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.-
MINER — In the City and County Hospital.
April 10, 1904. Thomas Miner, a native of
California, aged 29 years.
MOULTHROP— In this city. April 1«, 1904.
Sarah A., beloved wife of the late J. L.
Moulthrop, a native of New. York.
J_r Notice of funeral hereafter.
NOLTE — In this city. April 15, 1904. AdaV "
beloved daughter of Louis H. and. Isabel A.
Nolte, and sister of ' Llla W. and . Isabel F. -
Nolte..- native of California,.-
B_r Friends «are res_*ctfully • ln—ited , to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (3ua-
day) at - o'clock, at her late residence, 77 ,
Dehon street. Interment private, at Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. . . - •
O'NEIL— On Angel Island. Cal.. April 16, 1904.'
-Captain Patrick O" Neil, beloved husband ot
Mary O'Neil, and father of John E. O'Nell.
a native of Ireland, aged S3 years.
PENDER— In the City and County Hospital,
April 15, 1!MM, Thomas Pender, a native of-
Scotland, aced 50 years.
PUGH— In this city. April 14, 1904, Hannah.
Pugh. 1 dearly beloved wife of the late James r
• Pugh. ' and loving mother of - Mrs. Mary
Decker Mrs. Catherine Decker, Mrs. Eti»-..
abeth Burke and James, ¦ John and Will— __>
Push, and lovlnx aunt of Marts Hennessy, ;a '
native of Ireland. ¦ ' L,
(T_rThe funeral will take place to-day
(Sunday). • fn>m 847 Hayes street, at 1_:.O
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.. ._
QUINN— In this city, -April 15, 1904, Annie;
Qulnn.' " dearly beloved wife of ' the lata
Patrick Qulnn. a -native of Tyrone, Ireland..
¦ aged 78 years. *
(T_r Kunerat services -will take placo
Sunday. April 17, . at the residence of her •
• daughter. Mrs. A." M. Lang, 70l)A T«nV:
nessee ' street. Funeral and Interment
private... j^ -,--¦¦..-. ¦—
RODERICK— In this city. '. April 16. 1904. Jo--
! seph D., beloved husband of Amelia -Roder-
- Ick. ar.d devote- father, of John. Anthony,
Louise and May Roderick, a native of Conro.
Azore Islands, aged 45 years and '9
: monthi: ' A member of Cosmopolitan LodgeT
No 194, I. O O. F., and Corte Real No. 30.-
daN. P. E. C. '¦' -7
¦ .c_r Friends and acqualnUnces are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 623 Golden Gats -venue, between*
\ Contlnuied on Page Forty-Eight. _,
HtNRY J; GALLAGHER CO.
iSUCC £S?El° F^To^VaV _S ** T ? ¦
FCNEKAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALM2_t_.7
¦"o Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School. . :.--
- - Telephone So-th 80. - ' ¦ >*
UNITED UNDERTAKERS^
>¦ ' 'Ftinrrnl Directors and Embalmen ,*
¦ > : Formerly - In . Metropolitan .Temple.' - ¦j'*'.
NOW "t <*x* MISSION. TeL South 1ST.'
i Bet ween Fourth, and Fifth, near Firth st." ';
Finest Equipments at Moderate ? Rates. : '''
F - j Monahan; -lanager. - ' TeL. Mission 81,^
M6NAHAN,tO'HARAV& CO.;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALateRS,".
:• 233O-2S41' Mission st.-. "near'Nlneteentli.%- 1 s
j -./\ -=-.-. *i*n Fraaclsco- , y ;>'•¦. -;v^ •?Pure Food Show Win Be a Feature of
Industrial Exposition.
ARRANGING AN EXHIBIT.
Major H. P. Bush, commander of
the organization, presided as toast
master and seated on his right and
left at the head of the table were the
honored guests of the battalion, in
cluding Governor Pardee. Major Gen
eral MacArthur. Mayor Schmitz, Gen
eral George Stone and Adjutant Gen
eral Lauck. who were the principal
speakers of the evening.
Each paid a tribute to the military
patriotism in this country and to the
valor of the citizen soldier, not for
getting to refer to the record made
by the national guardsmen of Cal
ifornia in the recent war and to the
standing of their organization in com
parison with those of other States.
The officers of the First Battalion of
Artillery, Second Brigade, N. G. C,
held their annual banquet at the St.
Francis Hotel last evening.
Governor and .Major and Distin
guished Soldiers Honored Guests
of Local Organization.
AIUTLLKKY BATTALION
HOLDS ANNUAL BANQUET
President Wheeler said education
niust confer health of body aa well as
health of mind. It must not be thought
that education belongs to only one
peripd of life, <jr exclusively to ¦ the
schools and universities. He said Oxer*
Is so much to be learned about agri
culture that no one can possibly take
all Its branches in the college course.
He dwelt upon the growing needs of
the college of agriculture at Berkeley,
eajlng there are five times a? many
agricultural students as there were
live years azo.
President "Wheeler was loudly ap
plauded when, in conclusion, he as
rured the institute that the university
was earnestly desirous of promoting
agriculture in this State.
Irland he was obliged to llrten to a se
ries of lectures on cows, and he learned ,
enough of the different breeds to secure
a renewal of his scholarship. The
farmers at that time, eaid President'
Wheeler, used to have faith in the al- j
xn&nacs that gave instruction to plant ;
eeeds in accordance with the changes ¦
of the moon. ]
SACKAAtEXTO, April 1C— President
"Beaiazsia Ide \Theeler of the State
T3nive«tty deUverod an address this
afternoon before the Farmers' Insti
tute, to session at the Stale CapltoL
President Wheeler said he did not want
to be criticized as ha.Ting no right In a
tanners' Institute, for he Is a fanner
himself .and ottos a farm in Kansas.
H* said he could remember when peo
ple began teaching agriculture. At the
college which he attended in Rhode
Special XXipattfc to Ttf OJL
Professor Loves Science of
i Husbandly and Says.Sjib
? ject Admits of Great Study
PBECEPTOB APPLAUDED
President Wheeler of State
University Addresses Agri
culturists at Sacramento
COLLEGE MAN
AS A FARMER
intL CALL, SUNDAY;: /APRiLt 17, 190*:
i One-fifth of ; all deaths : during- thU
.winter, have'; been from pneumonia.
Have you lunched at the Red Uon?;*
Former^ Congressman's Wife, Dead.
LOS -: -ANGELES.' April i * 16.— Mrs.
Anna '. M ar izba * Fi tch,.; wif e ¦ of r former
Congressman Thomas, H. : Fitch and an
authoress • of considerable '.[ f ame ' three
decades ; ago, died] at '.Her, home In- this
city. Friday. **/"-;;¦ - „ -
EUREK A— Sailed April " 16-^Stmr Iaqua, ".' for
San Pedro." '¦ ~ : .''-¦-!' h-<\- , ";¦.'.: --:
•s . GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed l - April . 15-^-Stmr
AV. '•H.'-.-Kruger. 4 for.i San -Pedro;- stmr^'Santa
Monica, for San Pedro.' : v ¦• /. , r. ...;.
u Arrived s April IB— Schr.. Muriel,-, hence \ April
9 ; | nchr , Jessie . Minor. - hence • April 7 ; brig Lur
llne ; from Altata. - . : -¦ - - -, a .(, jt
Arrived: April . 16— Stmr . .Chehalls,* Whence
n 1 1 ii n ,jIMiMMBliljyfBiBL '
v < .Saturday,- April .16. -
*¦¦ Stmr Pasadena, Erlckson.' • 32 --. hours . * from
Eureka.' ' . ;.• : -. .••" : ¦'. ;A'-.:>1 ¦¦?'¦ :--.-•' " •'- < .
\ ¦'¦.. i I- fMD6MESTIC ? PORTS;/'; : - '
Late^Sliipping'Intelligence.
AIIRIVED.
A writer in the - Et. James Gazette haa
followed uo our note , oh ; the confusion
in London street' nomenclature with an
interesting article on "K Tangle of
Street Names." The -marvel is that any
stranger ¦ ever reaches , his ' destination
before he > dies ".in the search- among
the twelve King street* which the city
itself contains, or ; among the twenty
Victoria roads, • streets, places, • squares,
and avenues of- inner London. . v There
are five Albert , streets , and ' five Glou
cester streets and five Warwick streets.
John streets are nlne--;with a John
street -West to ; fog? the knowing cab-
London Street Xamcs.
¦-.¦ Hamburg's .ocean" traffic ; has .; grown
f rom ¦ 679S vessel ' clearances ; in -J 1885 , to
14,073'ih laO3.' r- ' • . V; ;.: ; ;
. ST. LOUIS, April *,16.— Charles ?A.
Robinson, who,-. in partnership with
Mr. Peyton of California, made a na
tional ' reputation as ! an • owner ; of
coursing, greyhounds, -is" dead at his
home here.:',' ,'•' ' <'' ' .?
Passing of • Greyhound Fancier.
Girl's Description of ; Men.
The Fort Cobb Record tells this story
of a young girl's composition on "Men,"
which shows thai* the. seed of, the wo
men's club . is sown on the Territorial
prairies: "Men are what women mar
ry. They, drink' and . smoke and swear
and . have- ever so many -pockets, but
they won't go to church. Perhaps if
they wore '.-bonnets they would.. They
are more logical than 'women ;and al
ways"? more | zoological.; | Both; meni"and
women have sprung: from monkeys, but
the_^wbmen certainly sprung', farther
than theinen." ' : ; / . :,
"Lord Wplseley's -assertion 'that; Vthc
American • army, so far as ] It i goes J in
numbers, "is" the ; finest army ;in" the
world," seems* destined -; to be^copied
into 1 every newspaper, in j Europe.i It has
made i a deep; Impression' over there. : ":
. The .-. Australian , Government -finds
Itself the defendant in a suit A or; $5000
on account of the most absurd *of. de
cisions. ' The . new ..immigration/ law
declares that an immigrant.must.sub
mit^ to" ah" educational ; ; test in"; his na
tive! language 'before he 'is fallowed; to
land.' 'Not. long ago a mate'ona : ship
.was arrested for smuggling. > When
he * was *. released he ' was i ordered ' to
submit to the test; or; be expelled! from
the Ycountry. It was found :;thaf his
father was. a' German 'and: his mother
a .native' of Egypt. He Iwas .* born • In
Alexandria. It was decided' therefore
that his ' native ¦ language was [Greek,'
since i Greece is the -European' country,
nearest . ; to: Egypt. He .; failed-ito pass
an examination iand 'was ; condemned
to a further : Imprisonment > r : of.:, six
months. Now he is suing for damages,
with a fair, chance Tof getting ; them.* -
Has Quite 'Perplexing Lineage.
In Japan the nose is the only feature
which attracts attention. The nose de
termines the beauty, or ugliness of. the
face, according as it is big or small.
This is probably " due " to the fact j that
difference in noses constitutes about
the only distinction between one Japa
nese face and another. The eyes are
invariably black, the cheek bones high
and the chin receding. In -Japan a
woman who has a huge proboscis is al
ways a great beauty ' and a reigning
belle. There are a few large noses
among the natives, and lucky is he or
she -upon whom, nature ¦; lavishes one.
In all Japanese pictures • representing
the supposedly beautiful ' woman : the
artist invariably improves on nature
by. depicting this feature as abnormally
developed.- - > . . ,
Nose Is Test of Beauty.
, There has been no .change in Indian
women's dress for 4000 years. ' All .wear
the sari, a single piece of stuff -a yard
and a quarterVide, • ten, twenty/ thirty
yards long. It is arranged on the body
and forms . skirt, garment and veil.
First, pleated with the hand in accor
dion : folds , In front, wound \ round '. and
rounds and the richest end; If embroid
ered or woven with gold finally brought
over^ the ' head. It may., be '? of ? simple
cotton cloth; of silk, plain: in. design; or
woven' with golden- threads; solid with
embroidery, strung with pearls j or of
Kincob, the. royal, cloth of gold.' Some
cost thousands of rupees: No pin; hook,
button or *The • garment > is
formed .on.: the architecture'" of the
body, and takes its expression and 'no
bility ¦ from (its , perfect i harmony, with
the lines of the human form.* "And In
dian women, "whether of high' or, low
class, , have Jewels everywhere^-have
sleeping gems and day gems; as : we
have.-, day r'and night ; shirts.—Every
body's. .- ¦ '¦¦."¦-•-'--';..-¦}•- r
How Hindoo Women Dress.
The | expert solver of newspaper puz
zles has turned up in London. .It hap
pened In this way: j Some. people who
thought they were not getting all that
was coming to. them in the matter^of
prizes made secret .Investigation,' and
discovered that all of the prizes for, the
solution of a certain, puzzle .-went to a
single address.' Complaint being made
to. the publishers,, they, looked, into, the
matter and found that ' one family,
composed of -several -members, was
justly entitled to the prizes, and -that,
in fact, this family was in. the. puzzle
solving business, earning -as much- as
$1000 a week in various public prize
competitions. Not sufficient' brilliancy
in the- solution of puzzles has yet been
discovered in this country -to .warrant
the suspicion of. experts; but. they will
doubtless arise,' and -, sharp Mookout
should be kept. .When. we have experts
in, the puzzle and conundrum- business
.we i ordinary mortals might as well' get
off 'the earth.— New York Globe. ». .
Professional Puzzle Solver.
man. We t may add that' there are two
Trafalgar Squares, one of which Is In
Chelsea,— London Dally Chronicle.
NEW YQR.K, April 16. — If an indi
vidual or corporation conducts a so
called "ffuesslng . contest" . in | such a
manner that those who enter it are
not enf.cly dependent upon a chance
for success the. law cannot interfere.
This Is the substance- of an opinion
handed, down," by the appelate di
vision of the Supreme Court to-day. ,
The following 'are declared to be
lawful lotteries: Estimating weight of
a cake of soap; guessing at the num
ber of beans in a Jarr predicting num
ber of births in a locality in a given
time; inducing the purchase of certain
articles by giving purchasers quantity
of vome other article.
Illegal lotteries: ¦ Policy; missing
word contest, unless word is most ap
propriate and is so specified; sales of
numbered bonds, some of which, are
redeemable at flarures In excess .' of
their market" value; selling candy in
packages, some of which but not all
contain tickets calling for prizes.'
Court Holds Valid -Contests 'in Which
. Persons Are Not Wholly De
pendent on Chance.
LEGAL AND ILLEGAL
LOTTERIES DEE1XED
The local retail grocers are exert
ing every possible energy and sparing
no expense to assure the success of
the Dure food exhibit, which will be
one of the features of the industrial
exposition to be held at the Mechan-'
ic»" Pavilion next month. At a meet
ing of the Retail Grocers* Association
last night it was decided to distribute
JGC.OOO tickets of admission among
members \of the organization and
other retail of this city in
order to in? tfre an unprecedented at
tendance of vhtfjtprs.
Th? pure food *ij>ow had its 4ncep
tlon at t!r? recent an**'tJal national con
»«"V.on of "one "Retail Crocers of
America, when the California delega
tion secured the next meeting of the
organisation for San Francisco.' The
proposition to make the pure food ex
hibit an elaborate one has met with
the approval of grocers throughout
the State and they have all given the
committee in charge of the project
!their fullest support.
Attached for Milk Dill.
. Mehrtens & Hausman. bakers, suc
cessors to Page & Palch. at the cor
ner of Turk and Mason streets, were
attached yesterday afternoon by B. K.
Davis. Davis wants to recover $533 60
which he states is due him for milk.
The bakery is. open and the owners
date the claim will be settled to-mor
row morning.
To Guard Against Floods.
The California Promotion Commit
tee announces that a convention to
take up active means to guard against
Inundations of the San Joaquln and
Sacramento rivers - will meet in San
Francisco May 23-24. The call for
this convention. will be issued in a few
days arid will be signed by prominent
men of the river districts.
Will Give Entertainment.
IThe fourth evening of music of the
United Crafts and Art Building will
be given at 2203 Central avenue, cor
ner Washington street, on Thursday
next.
Passinc of Famous Detective.
PHII^ADELPHIA. April 16. — Cap
aln Robert J. Linden, formerly super
ntendent of police of this city and a
amous detective, is dead. Captain
Jnden -was Instrumental- in breaking
p the notorious Molly Magulre guns,
¦hich committed bo many, murders in
he - anthracite coal - regions - a num
er of years ago.
48
Continued From . Page Forty-Seven.
DEATH NOTICES.
¦¦ CHANCES FOR ADVANCE-
MENT, OCCUR DAILY.''
You may^ find your chance in
onr classified ¦ colunin&T
Our HELP ads are HELPFUL.
;' tcTFrlends" and -acquaintances are respect-
" fully invited, to attend the funeral to-morrow
'(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
v dence, 13 -.Woodward avenue,' between Mission
"and .Valencia, Thirteenth and *..¦ Fourteenth
/streets, thence to St. Joseph's Church." where
' * a requiem high mass will > be celebrated for
~. the / repose ¦ of • his : soul. - commencing | at - 10
o'clock.-. i Interment 1 Holy, Cross. Cemetery, by
' . electric 1 funeral -j car " ¦¦ from - Eighteenth and
. Guerrero- streets. ¦ >¦ .- -'¦/ >•:--.
SHANNON— In. this' city.. April 14, ; 1904, "James
'¦ghannon,'-beloved. father of*AVilliam, Thomas,
. Charles, David, Francis 'and Robert Shannon
. -aftd . Mrs. Andrew.^Balbontin; a native ' of
¦ County ', Tyrone,*; J Ireland,^aged - 66' years 5
.-. months . and 21 . days." , (Los < Anceles . papers
¦ please* copy.) rv->- f-t'ff',:. •¦**/¦•'.•;*•¦•¦•. •'T;: . • ,. ,
*¦ C7Friendn and acquaintances .are . respect-
fully .Invited to. attend, the funeral -services
• Sunday,' 'April ' 17. xat Vo' clock, • at; St. ' Peter's
. Churchy- . on "¦¦ i Alabama ;•• street,/-"-- between
•-Twenty-fourth -and i Twenty-fifth, j- Remains
*/ at* the parlors < of . the California .Undertaking
' ¦ ¦ Company: . 405 : P6weIl ¦ street, j near Post.- - ln-
;.t<rmen > t 'Holy Cros»; Cemetery.:- •;¦ ' .. j /.. "
SIEGEL-^Ih.- Spokane,-: Wash.; April 14, ' 1004,
•;.*Mo8e,'. beloved -; husband ; of v Hortense ¦ Slegel
V and brother,; of • Siegel -. and Mrs. - L.
"-'¦ Kugelman, „¦ a- - native -, of , Germany,' aged '.- 7a
-: years 4 months and: 0 days. ; : " r .
-i 'icrFriends'and • acquaintances are respect-
fully invited Uo*attend ; the funeral to-morrow
'-'¦ ; (Monday), . att 12 J15 o'clock,', from - the ; resl-
* dence • of Simon , Clayburgh, . 1016 Jackson
• -Van . Ness • avenue .and Franklin , street. Cre-
mation. I.' O.- O. F. Cemetery. -- ¦¦¦-¦¦
RUFUS— In Sonoma. Cat.. April 15. 1904. Fred-
ericka • Rnlus/ - dearly - beloved mother of
: Louise M. - and Otto R. Rufus and Mrs. II. J.
Wicker, a native of . Wurtemberg, Germany.
- IT" Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
-fully invited to attend the funeral, from her
7* late •: residence,; to-morrow : (Monday), at' 11
»". o'clock.'.','.' "¦.* ,.*-'¦ ¦'' ¦•"¦¦¦•'
SA AKE-^-In Oakland; April '¦'. 16. ¦ 1904, Flora.
Ethel, beloved wife of ; E.' J. Saake. a native
Vof Vacaville, Cal., aged 24 years 4 months
and 0 days. ¦.-¦¦;
SAWYER— In this city, April 16, 1904, at the
residence^- 117 Wolf street, George M., be-
loved -husband of - Mary ' Sawyer, and father
of ¦ Georce " and ' Frank .. Sawyer,-, Mrs. George
-i H. ;¦¦ Warner. Mrs.' Henry < Heinz.-- and, Mrs.
James M iller, a native, of Germany, ¦ aged S3
* years '3 , months and ,16 days.
SCOLXIN-^In 1 this city," April 16. 1904, < Frank
¦P./ de*rly beloved" husband of . Hannah Scol-
lln, ¦' and father of ¦ Grace, Frank, ; Joseph,
'Richard -and, Albert Scollln, • a native of
Charlestown, Mass.. aeed 57. years -and 6
; months. V -.¦'¦'' ' '¦¦ . ., ' ¦_•-.< .'
¦ »treet- Interment Home of Peac« Cemetery.
' by cpecial train leaving Third and Town-
send streets at 1:45 o'clock.
SMITH— In this city. April 14. 1904. /Thomas
Smith, dearly beloved brother of Mrs. Mar-
garet Lavelle, Mrs. Julia O'Brien and the
late Mrs. Mary Gallagher, a native ot Swln-
ford.- County Mayo. Ireland, aged 45 years.
- C7Friends and acquaintance? are- respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday). April 17, at 12:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of Carew ; & , Enrllah, . 29 Van Ness
avenue, thence to St. "James Church for
¦frvlces, commenctiut at 1' o'clock. Inter-
ment. Holy Cress Cemeteryr
STEVENS— In West Berkeley, April 13. 1904.
John Stevens.' dearly beloved husband* of
Christine Stevens, and Iovlnsc father of Carl
E., Garrett U. Martin L..-. . William F..
Edwin T. and Mabel G. -Stevens, a native
of Bergen.' Norway, aged 63 year* 11 months
and 17 days.- A member' of Alemanla Lodge
NO;8. K. of 'P.. -'and M. E. B.A. No. 35.
C7 Friends and acquaintances ar* respect-
fully - Invited to "attend; the funeral services
Sunday. Aoril 17." at* 2 o'clock, at his late
residence." 2127 Fifth street. Welt Berkeley.
Interment Mountain "View Cemetery. Oak-
. land. , - . ' • ' '
TAYLOR— Entered Into rest; Saturday. April
16. 1904. Kathleen Glen Taylor, beloved child
of William A. and Esther Reynolds Taylor
aged 5 years and- 7 months.- .'.
(CTFuneral. Tuesday at 2 o'clock, from the
- residence, .1421 Benton street.* Alameda.
-WEST— In Oakland/ April 16. : 10O4. Hammond
R., beloved husband of May H'West. a
native of Maine, aged" 52 ' years. A" member
¦of Carpenters' Union. Local N'o. 1 " 36. . ¦
WHIPPLE— In'the City and County HosnlUl
¦ April 10. 1904, Steven Whlpple, a native o?
Rhode Island.- aeed . 73 years. ">=oi
'• ' -•¦ ¦ ' 'SjJJWtw^ -¦—' ' \ ¦¦'i-ll-'y- "'-'¦-¦- HALB'S. '"'"- ¦* .- \ '¦'-.. .':'¦.'-. hALETB. -.-';':•¦:¦':-- V'- ¦ \ . " -I - ' : ->:/HAI^%V^" V'^^V-V- V.-|;-if.-.... ? •.',-. t ....'.rOP.UiB > &.': _-¦¦•..:.--, ¦••-•¦• I ' "•' : — ; ;
'Another String of Values; AnotherlHaleSde; Another Glimpse Into' HaleW > ¦¦•/'¦;
SlI-lJA *A ' *'* HAl vV v / mm iLWw^ \-9 I^PI " i \ ' V" \^s^\jl^^ In S^S
sjfo\ \!l\^\ All new ; all under regular; prices ; many at^half-price'. We. put ,them out first time 'to-morrow ; spread out; in -the windows and about the // \ '/j/ nsr&JI
<*Jf \ *\ V'X^ store » cvcn thc entire muslin underwear storeon the second floor; is with them. It's the first apron move ofithe kind in San Francisco. An apron /Y ! Vy J^i/%^il
\ , \\\ y &L s^^ fc an y woman will relish — probably more bright, pretty ¦ -aprons than' she ever, saw, at one look ITefofe ; '; and -then'^to fknowthat . Tr^tvL^k
Not a Regular Price Will Be Asked=-Many Are Half Price
* What woman won't want -an apron or a half-dozen? . .
If >' ou are out °f town we'll give your order as careful attention as if you called yourself. We'll want every one to share the values as long as §$£%^^
•^^ they last. Of coursc^some. of them will go before others do. We would advise any onejwho ' "wants, the best selection not to be late. ;'f} /:.-•;, - '^^T-' - . ¦ ••¦•¦•-¦¦
_ . ¦ Waist Aprons, 10<: — Four styles, white Black' Sateen ' Aprons, 23c — Superior . **f\r\r\ . -'«r» ' ' 1 "'-¦ A ' 117' ' " "M" - for til«ct* ' -
3 AC Bed Sheets ¦ lawn, plain, tucked or lace. trimmed, quality of soft black sateen. 3 8, in. 2(|(ll) r^atTIOle ADTOIIS ~ IN6Hrl V 1 ftr» u • *j CW^«f
O*TK> D€aoncci5 wid« strings. long, 38 in. wide, with pocket, 2 in. *4\J\J\J *^auipiv npi uuo r nwtti y l&C Mercerized Sateens
Single bed. size (54xoo), in soft . Aprons. . 14c-White lawn, deep ' '-'''- Hfllf Pr ICe % Rc^ lar retail P rices 3OC and -
cashmere finish; bleached. An hemsUtched hem and wide strings. ret §J!f a ?nefke™gin"gnam^' 40 hT^fdT x % lcl1 " *^ 1 *V C ' ' «c -yard. We got a lot. oi odd
exceptionally low pnee for such ain^ham Aprons, 14c— Blue and "brown pointed bib, straps and bretelles over . Close to 250 Styles,, including about' every "style you can think lengths from the mill, II to 18
2 quality. __ nenftand sfrlnls"' "^ * lD * shoulders, wide tie strings. : , Qf frQrn the plain boys ' and girls' aprons and children's every-day yards each. WeTI 'cot " *em jo^
10r For POlaw Cases a^Ti^ Aprons, smallest in.^i^. school aprons up through the misses' fancy aprons to the prettiest £>£ "™ as . lf tne lengths were.
lUV- ror " ruww . l ' <HW -' white a pron made, i4^in long. 2» m. . strings, great value. ., kinds of women's aprons ; any. number^of fine swiss tea. aprons ii's just the stuff for V dresses,
mo^^lSSf^h.'"!^ Waist Aprons. 1S.-12 styles, white "WtifSff iffiaSCi! M «*-
are not to be had in the regular i^^Te^o^ l %t^ e^ e Z ' •¦? t Hff? u S^ 1^ffiSiS? le - wltli;t . jny woman could wish- for, :. - ,5^^^" AboS half the price it .ell.
way under xatfe. . ' Sa^^oSS^^S^KS inli^- Aprons. 4 7c-l 4 styles.^ lawn. Mis- 25C p^^d fanT* ~ ™!l8 1 V^ft\iSF^lA S %3£8£i for regularly. 18c yard.
x/ . „ — — UM-^hivfwidesrinw ' tresses' brctelle aprons. • trimmed ,_ P'^ln & nd rancy. ... , . waist aprons, .bretelle aprons, fancy "
/\Qr PcQUOt Sheets Uon. all. have wide strings. with fine embroidery. Fancy sewing 35c and 40c sample Aprons, ,25c— Per- tea aprons. . with embroidery, lace ¦ ¦ ¦-,' __
V/t * " ~ Overall Aprons. 47c— Heavy blue checked aprons. Hospital nurses' r aprons, -haps 100 styles., large lancy-tea . and ribbon trimming.- PnnH f hnnn^r^ K8c
DouWe hrd ti,, fRr-roni nf «- Kingham, 66 in. long, 62 in. wide, with plain 4-ln. straps over shoulder. aprons. . sewing aprons, maids , $1.00 value sample Aprons, B9c- FUUU VliU^pciO uuw
.uoTJDic Deo. Size <.OIXOOJ, OI ex- buttons in the back like a dress. Bretelle aprons. 66 -in. wide, with nurses' and waitresses' aprons. Ji.25 value sample Aprons, 78c. Qt*el EW/i/nf'c ttr
tra quality Of sheeting — a quality small shoulder strapsand bretelles, hemstitched Bides-'and hem. • fancy 7Bc .value sample Aprons, 47a, ,. $l.B0 and J1.76 value sample Aprons, 95c. dlCei rrypailS 13c.
OU Z •««»«»«« "•^¦b««t- ruffle around the bottom. embroidered bib and'.br.telle.,- : . ¦ , : , , , -.-, A + _ , .C^^A^™^ ' . Japanned Floiir BitlS gOC.^l
Well ask no more for it this r» j. # 1 t/"*j. i_ a " : r\r ¦•¦— • . VjlllKlircFl o OL.I1UU1 /lUIUllo -¦" ' - «•** .
week than you would pay for the . Practical Kitchen Aprons 25c ; . ' : v^iliiyiViio <j^uvj\ji ryyi A/no Nickel-Plated. Towel Bars gc
goods by the j^rd. You get the c^ heavy blue checke d gingham, cut long and wide enough to button in the 35 C Ones ai ' 2 5 C - 5 0C Ones at 35 C - -f "^ —And so on : Hale's down-
making for nothing. back, to cover the entire dress, small straps over the shoulders; regular value 50c. ' Good white lawn, with embroidery trimmed bibs and shoulder straps, with «.<.«,.„ ; c ;£i Hr+ltintr W* ''
, hemstitched ruffles, sizes 4 to 12 years. .vr.*. '.-.• ¦ Stair Store IS interesting.
35c Turkish Bath Towels Maids', Nurses' and Waitresses' Aprons 2 Jc. 'Boys'^and Girls' 50c Aprons 29c. New helps for the housewife
\\r _*t. j Three styles, all of good lawn, full size, wide bretelles, with three tucks; or Blue checked gingham, and the" boys 1 have plaited backs and fronts, 2%-in. who wants tO Save her time.
Worth 50c and ooc wlth bn> Bnd snou ider straps, trimmed with neat ruffle; or another style, with hem and pockets. The girls' have sleeves and collar, with rows of white braid -^ economies -for the
Its a lot of different grades of a hemstitched bretelles, bib and strings; regular value 35c. and.l-in. hem, sizes 2. t O> 6 years. _ _ ;- housewife who wants to save
Clean-up from a millat a price. Other aprons for maids, nurses and waitresses. 35c; regular • 50c' value; . « MISSES 'FanCV ADYOTIS 45C < V ' "T>^v"!~
Some are frineed. Others hem- three styles; 40 in. wide, with fancy embroidered bretelles and . hem- ::.•: niiooto, i auu; npiu w i/^. - .- - money.-
ct^t^T,^ ,11 WmM,.^ stitched bib: other styles, with bretelles of hemstitched tucks and em- Fine white lawn, fancy embroidery-trimmed bibs. • shoulder straps of em- Flour Bins— JaDanned. 60-lb. size,
stitched, all bleached. • broidered bib. # . . broidery insertion and hemstitched ruffle. Slzes.4 to 12 years. . .'/.I 90c; 10 Wb.siSe, |1.25.
1 s\ * . - ~~~ — .. . ~~" -"" I . - .' ' Coat Hangers— Wood or wire, 4c.
I UC For Roller Toweling I nT^l /^ ''All A. \ - I Floor brooms, v -with Russia, bris-
\ if S # inches .^ and '0 a Boys' Golf Shirts I lie Cottons Aleii's Handker- -E»SS^^^
heavy quality, with red border. * -. ¦¦¦•': ' -\ • 'J ' ' . " - - m - _, -•-/'/ Feather Dusters — In which there
Electric sc~c^ treatment is 50c And the Pretty Frocks They'll Make. . ChietS 5C 5S|| . ' SStS ¦£££&&.¦
the one <rrcat cure for dandruff thS! 16 stanle >'"- some folks cal1 Take Mercerized Foulards- Where is there another cloth with Plain white lawn. With a linen wir e u v e o^Sofe e Basl C ets_9c.
Ask those who are trying it at such ' clear ' strikin^' individual P atterns and with sud \ a W M SS WWm SS^?*^^?"
Hale's Hair-DrZsing7JJs £^^^^^11 at ' "nish as'this one at 45c? " Black and white design, are the strong- | Monday the fiSWsc. | ¦
!aL 'a ~ est we've seen in a long while. ¦ . ' ~~"~ " Nickel-Plated Towel Bars—18 In.,
' M3 W5wll^KA«^ Tlffcf ¦ Take the N <>vcltics— Take any price from 40c to 75c; you are HER LADYSHIP CORSET— > with^ ojid^r. idau «su-
/al^a^^By^ sure t0 find something that strikes your fancy. The Corset for comfort and S^Ja^fe R s n tfck^-5c w-tu
' S^ =^^J^ Here are even Novelties at 25c ¦ — White grounds, with silk beauty. The new models have steei 2 °Fry Pans— 25c size at isc .
T' f stripes, as weir as smali flowered stripe patterns, that qught to rnariy admirers. . Swi ?actaSS?^i Powd * r ~ 8 ' 1 " lte '
/-» • « #^v /• /• *• When it comes to downright values there is no' store like - : __.
Silverware Offerings ™% nen Colorcd ,.^ ... ,,^ in - ; Surprise To=Morrow in
That Make It Easier Than Ever to Beautify the Table. which there are dainty white parallel I 5C • < Vi7'jir»V^-n*g C t1 Sjf-r> Sift
v There will be gift-buying this week. What bride wouldn't be de- stripes on solid colored grounds. * £„* Tnhn^r,U/nd, ¦ • 1;I1CS6*tV 0111611. S'SUltS lO.QU
lighted to receive one of these tea sets, one of these butter dishes, %, . . i-- j r or Japanese. Wash ..-....,:.-. ... ?;,v . .. j#-
cake baskets, or this fruit tray? The beauty of it is that you needn't htamtncs in cream white grounds, as Crepes Worth 20c ¦ Snappy mixtures ' : '> ; <''4fg8S&f!f£r *.'
beLr\h n an C you%hough?youco a u I ld. yCt gi%e hC ' somcthins prettier and wdl as dark colors set oft with small de- A c]e ; r 5c cllpped " off And dr essy; broadcloths. Si$&^ '-
It's goo'd fortune that never came Hale's way before. We'll com- signs, 20C. : ' thlt y i S y most'deafraWe *f or In etons, blouses and jacket ef-
» e « e to share it with you to-morrow. This Embroidered Chambrav at 2OC w^'mS^SW SltS22 fects (six styles). . \
N.B.—Tht secret is: We went right to. the factory. We got ; s reeu iar 2 aualitv We couldn't sell so^r n c d oio? 8 tln for^t m i e p S e That for all the world look like "%^
"insides" outside folks never dream of. Nothing that isn't -If re^ lar f 5c 9J™XDI U a?1 $22.50. ' ' '
j • j: ¦ 1 r . it for less than that if there hadn t been a . . - <«?>«;« ft f ntir «9i«nmmpti />''.-^*^\
nezv; new designs; new finishes; rniu shapes. • . . , , . ,. :re L , 1 IB/r io two 01 our saleswomen /• - •v.'^Bk':\
Cake baskets, silver plated, Cold meat forks with fancy mis take made in sending it to another ; 1UC sell suits and Who know suits ;-to : -^ : V%^
bright satin finish and en- handles, 75c. party. ". . ¦ : Figured Wash' Lawns' a T) guessed them to be yester- 1 .-.^. ; Jt^'cSk?- >- Iwi
BSiishe^ith silver plated B^ov a rSapei 5C a " d 50C; l^^^W im^ Tf^^E^fij
drainers $1.50 and $1.75. Fancy berry spoons, $1.50. It's 28 inches wide ; dark colors. It's a white and Area sell them Monda> at $i6. 0 o, imag- b^'lil/
Bread trays in the butler finish, Salt and pepper shakers, glass, 1 1MVV f a 1 ir ;» nn ?!,,. Rrounds. wlfn figured dots me their surprise. It S a Special /. .y. :;:^?p\]M£J&
decorated with bunches of sterling silver tops, 25c. IlCa% > fabnc - On the cheviot Order. and stripe ideas; 3000 lot our New York SCOUt picked ' (W^WI^F^
foTasVXv ferfreilfv 4-Piece Tea SetS ¦, Those Figured Lazuns at 8 i- 3 c ; are -.tfffinf^.^TiS^S ?% ' up since Easter, - \ WW^r -
lying there in the dish, Two exceptional values; $8.50 not all sold yet. White grounds, dotted. » „* — J Blacks, navys, gray and brown mix- jl- v '•"••(
"right "nfsh. engraved. 11 *" Beautiful 0 pieces any bride or HER LADYSHIP CORSET— It's these trim' etons most women >^|i i 'l' /-I.
Nut and fruit bowls, shell pat- ' housewife would be proud to nun xonir . ; will betaken with.. Made of fine mixed $5 - '" : V
tern $3.00 and $3.75. -receive, and no one would .inc. corset that s bringing, corset freedom and corset comfort to so materials, with large: fancy scalloped pa:. ': .'. •"•!
Berrj dishes on large silver . ever guess you paid as little many women. . " ' _. " ' / ' capes, fancy braid vests, >11 sleeves, j M ' ' : H '^ : '
D nfTAr o' "1R47" QnnnnQ nr FnrW <n1 7C n^r /Smi *ll -?T~ *^jP^ - ones are $7.50. They arc in the ve.y $^^' \'}J?\- '•/fffl'S '•'' %:'^f^
KOgers 10-+/ spoons or rorKS $i./> per bet. /&g{ _^ s< *^lQ*hgkgb 4Z£Mn&~^r , • latest- styles with large capes at the V 7-.-. M-- i;M : ;< •.¦•.•:>-V.; : 5
That's as un'.sual as it can be when you realize their' quality, their *^> *^ 22J^^^ shoulders, full sleeves, double breast- '^j^. •'• -/v . '-.':•¦- .'. : V * i^
pretty, patterns, and that in the regular .way you would pay $2.60 for .""" .^T^^^^^^^""""""^^^^^ '• -•'• ¦ «' ed. • Some- of them have fancy ¦<^jl&a >*'¦',$ '•••i-)'f.yr
them. We are- sorry we have not more than we have. » . , Market Street, Near Sixth, -San v Francisco. . buckles- on the belts. ; .-'V; - - - - 'if? "r '•'•'.• :>>
MULTIPLE COLOR GEM.'
Beautiful Paintings
of Popular Society
Women. A'o. 2.
Mrs. Ernest \ Parke. . '
NEXT SUNDAY CALL.