The Synday Call MagazineCHAPTER IV.
THE SECRET OF LYNX ISLAND.
The first impression of the capital of
Quelparte will be the most lasting im
pression, however* Ions may be the
stranger's stay. He may learn the
great wide avenues, the little twisting
streets, the palaces old and new, the
great gates of the city wall, and even
the mountains round about— but to the
city he will be a stranger still. The
spirit of that valley, caught up slowly
in centuries of time, is never really felt
by the temporary sojourner; at least,
after a busy month 'with Oranoff here
I felt when I gazed out from-the plaza
of the Russian Legation over that sea
of roofs that I was no less a perfect
stranger tban when I first saw Kein
ning. It was nothing that Dulcine Oran
off and I had folowed that great city
wall ten miles in circumference, or that
from the highest peaks of the "Silk
Worm's Head" we had looked for hours
iipon this old relic' of. other "centuries.
Our happy companionship was real
aye, fast deepening; the mellow au
tumn lights aslant, -the. blue mountain
sides were " real— these', intangible
things could be seen and felt; : but old
Keinning lay deep in. a .revery, not a
syllable of 'which could be caught and
held. Its white people were ghosts,
and all their, beliefs and traditions
were 'ghoulish mysteries. \'
. Such was . the . general setting of the
piece! As for s its development, even the
sober Oranoff seemed satisfied; each
act, carefully planned,' went, through
swered rme:"But it will be* red, Mar
tyn, before a single month has passed.
The Czar has a razor for every beard;
men talk of the power of Russlan'.ar
mies, but they are* nothing to the secret
service men.'who are fast realizing -Pe
ter's dream. The-heavler the beard the
sharper the razor— and the rule works
botb-^rays, even while Czars come and
go. That dream is still president." :.
There was. fire" in the words and the
man unconsciously, raised a hand as he
spoke'thern as though swearing aholy
oath. 1 was ihrllle^. v
How that" old dream does i live on!—
aye, and will live while most, dreams
are dead Lnd' forgotten. Peter left the
Eastern Continent to Russia. If* this
was not the first'^ it was the greatest
will ever broken. By some cruel
mockery of faie Russia has. come -Into
the possession of the gfeate'st but least
desirable portion of its. inheritance,' the
deserts of Asia and Siberia; but Europe
and Iiidiai Persia and China/Tare, .for
some reason, ;stlll Unconquered. My
thoughts ran back to Quelparte. .; \ i
"There is a razor, then,* for the King
of Quelparte?"
"For this reason,", said Oranoff, com
ing close to me; "we are about to lease
Port Arthur- from China; that will
make Japan /wild. I am to go and con
quer Quelparte with gold rubles— the
King and his. nobles; when that is
done" — '-: the man v. threw his ; hands
apart quickly and. looked aty me. .
"Throw Quelparte over, as a sop 'to
Japan to avert war and— " jV;
'-,". "And keep -Port, Arthur," "said Oran
qff, sinking Into his chair, -evidently
.satisfied" with me. _¦ , ' " ' ' . ' { ,.
The>wind was rising and as the
prow. of-.vour. ship,.,' pounded Into, the
trough of. the Bea.^the 7 great f red and
whl^emaD floated- lazily out fromjts
anchorage on the wall;^ ?. ¦ : '-- ";^.7
. ."It Js growing rougher/.' said Colonel
Oranoff at last, rising to tishten'an'in
candescent. globe on his table. I--.won
dered that he^ could , T so .quickly come
back to the present. : ._ ! \" ;'.:
"Then if , you ) f ail,"- 1 ¦; ventured,
thoughts still ' running (fast i : to .the' end
of the" chapter, "little, is losC' since \ the
conquest of Quelparte is only, to be i a
temporary triumph." v
"Fail!" he repeated In, a gentle., tone.
".Those razors' are,. not sharpened' on
failures," and • Oranoff looked at -. me
smiling. He had the patience of a true
teacher! ¦¦.-¦', . ¦- : : . v
A.little nettled at myself, ; I l»y gaz
ing upon that blood-red, map. and soon
the color made' me think of war, and I
found myself talking again to that*si
lent man. : '." — • • ¦" / , r •'
.^"You cannot fear a, war with Japan,
Colonel Oranoff?". ,
, "Peace Is purer," he answered quietly.
Then looking ait. the map he continued:
"We have gained much more by peace
jthan by war— more than Caesar or
Alexander or. Napoleon ever gained in
war," and . the" tired voice seemed to
strengthen ori*the.*bbast. ' "
" 'Peace hathits victories,'." I quoted
.with solemn triteness. , . .' /
'-'But they cost- too," ., Interrupted
Oranoff , "cost more than those of war;
our 'wars cost the. Czar 1 the lives of
thousands* of his , lowliest— peace the
lives of hundreds of his best; war takes
"muscle— peace,* brains. Does the Czar
gain- or lose?". / i -, ;
"He gains '.the i dream,", l\ suggested,
and the tired man sighed* "Amen."
The night's conference ended with the
storyof Menin. I had risen to take my
leave when Oranoff drew, me to the ta
ble and displayed a photograph of him
self he had taken, thoughtfully from the
recesses of a cabinet drawer.; .
"You spoke of •"failure," he said, and
then tossed-thls picture angrily on the
tableX .'¦¦ ¦'¦ V; : -. '. . ' .
"A : good likeness," I. observed; the
poise of body and , head, the- coat and
hat,, the black imperial,- were air life
like.; ' ; ' .¦'¦'".¦.: ¦-/,' * $yf" - . . -
- An oath burst i from the white lips.
Startled, I looked more intently, and
Oranoff's pencil .pointed to ; the'should
ers; I, saw that one' was lower than the
other.;;- . '-'
/"The hell hound can't help tha,t," he
whispered fiercely.' •
.'. "Then it \ is an impostor?" ; I .'cried.
.'¦' "My only failure." said Oranoff,' slow-'
ly, • ''was due [to this - dare^devjl's fedn
nlrig. ¦'•* I • happened j to {cross * Lis" plans ' In
Bangkok and h¥ played hell /with 'me In
Herat. Look at him "sharply, Martyn;
and \ 3 swear,, you j will | knp w i me :• when ? I
carry; my "shoulders; like, that."
"You fear him still?" \ .. r *
"Aye^rand you < would," too, could you
know;hlm." . ,,~t x , ....
; : • 1. 1 x looked .Intently at- : the as
Oranoff held "it .out ; to me as; he might
have held out to a .bloodhound the gar
ments of > an*: escaped prisoner.;, before
starting it on the trail. • Presently I
affirmed! that' i v could' know those
shoulders anywhere, and . understood
well enough ¦; that I : was to . be, for the
present, at -least, the bodyguard of
Colonel" Ivan 1 Oranoff . The* contest for
Quelparte/: after all,- might be, perhaps,
a thing for this Menin and me to -fight
OUt! : ; / / -/J'. ., '-':_:„¦<:•
; "At least I shall be kept near Colonel
Oranoff, ''and thafmeans'nearJDulcine,"
I thought with a pleasure not in the
least marred by my knowledge that I
was to guard. a man engaged in a busi
ness; not apt to -make him loved— the
reddening. of Peter's map;
CHAPTER III.
A LESSON EASILY LEARNED.
, Two. weeks after I parted from the
Oranoff's at Yokohama my little steam
er" trcught me to Tsi, the seaport of
Quelparte. ' ;¦;• 7 , :
I was rescued '"- from the coolie-in
fe3ted wharves by 'a gruff old Captain
Dejneff, who came-down from the capi
tal with Miss Oranoff to .meet me. Soon
we were off for Keinning, twenty miles
inland, i^w^j
_\; A';- clear, sweet day of the matchless
month of November lay upon the Land
of Morning Calm. Such is the native
name, preserved by. courtesy,, of a land
which lias known only centuries of op
pression by China or Japan since long
before the birth of J Christ. But the
mornings have remained true' to the
name— in inverse ratio to history's:de
ilance of It. The battle-ground of Utie
nations each ! side ;of ; it, the : wanton
spoil of conquerors fronVali isides, Quel
parte, has been"/ the; ''dark 'and .bloody
ground"- of -Asia,- and 'has,, the^
fate"- and "doom ,pf fa*; nation »so'plainly
affected" its ; people. " The . Quelpartlehs,
great, stalwart^ men,' -each ; a ; king in
stature "'-and . mien;*: are ' weak/resistl ess,
hopeless ; yet, \ withal,*: a : sqberly ; happy
race which / loves -: the i helpless ' land as
though : Ap,ityihg~j it ; for having no
8ta-ncher|friendsr •:;
jpulcirieC'was' Jubilant with the en
thusiasm* of ' a : new-comer, to ;these old
plains' and>hllls^: The strange, white
dress /of • -.the j .'natives. f the /multicolored
clothing % ; of ; the* children,] the ; long, ] ten- '
def. vistas across • theV paddy-fields, » the
dlni'.bluet'of the'dlstant]mountains,.ap
pealed '.with '•freshening charm". to • her
happy yeyes.' jjTheVcojatrasts/, which In
' Quelparte i'must attract all- visitors,' fas
"clnated her. ' , V
let you come to your own, decision alone
at sea. Make it and cable me from
Yokohama. You have knocked around
the East enough to fit you for such
business; this with your West Point
training makes you the very man Oran
off needs."
For what business I had been fitted
by following, two years before, a run
away Celectial army, might well be con
sidered a Chinese puzzle, yet such had
been my chief experience in the East.
During the Japan-China war I had
been an aide to an American army offi
cer. Colonel French, detailed to study
the Chinese campaign, and we had fol
lowed the Yellow Dragon throughout
the Inglorious retreat , from Korea to
Peking; from Wun Lung we got back to
Tu Loo and Tu Lung, and if there had
been more Loos and Lungs between
that and the palpitating heart of the
thing, Peking. I doubt not we would
have gone then? too. But the Russian
Bear, in his humorous but favorite role
of White-winged Dove of Peace,
stepped In and put a stop to the war
through fear Japan would keep what he
wanted— Port Arthur, the Gibraltar of
the East. After that, Colonel French
and I could have given points to a
stampeding herd of cattle — but what
else were we good for? •
This, with a lazy journey through
Europe, homeward, made up the sum
of my experience in the golden East.
Yet I had acquired a thing of which I
did not know; it was the travel fever.
Have you had that fever? If not, you
have escaped the most pitiless disease;
one knows not when he contracts it
and it never leaves. Other fevers burn
themselves out, or snuff out'the patient
and die down with the life light. " This
fever never dies; It fills the sufferer's
eyes with arhing dreams of quaint har
bors almost, but not quite, reached:
his ears ring with a new coolie chorus
but clearly heard: it fills his nostrils
with the me.dley scent cf flower fetes
more beautiful than any he ever saw; it
rages In his brain ;\vith luring" sugges
tions of odd shadows on unfamiliar
hillside?; he hears new voices laughing
beneath new. trees, weird temple bells
tinkling tn the night; and, now and
again, he sees- the battered prove of a
ship come 'longside out of an unknown
sea. Qther fevers freeze : at death's
touch — but does the travel fever? Some
say yes, seme no, and many are silent
here.
"The note inclosed," the letter went
on, "states in my name that you will
meet Colonel Oranoff in the captain^s
cabin the midnight following its receipt.
Send It, and go to-night, lad.. Cable
me your resignation, and we will send
another man to Tokio."
The sea was calm at eventide and the
moon shone bright. After the dancing
Dulcine and 1 found our chairs and
looked out happily upon the glistening
wastes. If we were quiet now it was
because the waves were .quiet — the
baffling winds had left us all to peace.
We had prettily made our mutual con
fessions, the burden of mine being that
I was no sailor and could hot have read
a steamer letter, though it cc-ntained a
will leaving me the steamship line for
an inheritance.
The lights danced high In Dulcine
Oranoff's large black eyes while we
hinted of the days ahead. I was sur
prised to find how fully this girl shared
her serious father's confidences. She
soon told me that their destination was
Keinning, the old capital of Quelparte.
"We are to settle Japan's snd China's
ancient quarrel for its possession," I
volunteered, looking at my watch.
"Yes," Dulcine answered me slowly.
"In favor of neither?"
"In favor of neither," the girl replied
as we arose.
When, a few minutes later, I was ad
mitted to the captain's cabin. Colonel
Oranoff welcomed me with genuine
warmth to his great table cpvered with
a mass of papers and maps. For a
time he spoke of my father, and I soon
caught the drift of his reminiscences,
in .which he implied a great trust and
confidence in me for my father's sake.
He could not have done. this in a more
charming indirect way, and it won me
to him even more than anything my
father had written. For a time then
he remained silent, resting his pale face
on his hands, gazlifg down upon the lit
tered tabje.
A large' map, oddly marked In red and
white, hung on the wall near me and at
once attracted my attention". The man
at the table came to me at last,, his
<?yes also upon this map. '
"You are looking at Peter's map?"
he asked. Then, without awaiting a re
ply, he continued, stroking it with the
end of a pencil as he spoke. "Peter
the Great made a will and bequeathed
to Russia this eastern half of the world.
The red," and here the pencil swept
swiftly from St. Petersburg^to Korea,
"shows the portion of our inheritance
¦we have received; the white we have
not yet obtained.". .
"The will has been contested," I com
mented, dryly enough. '
"And is still in litigation," Oranoff
answered suggestively. I was looking
beyond Korea to Quelparte. ' V
"Quelparte is still white," I said. The
man looked at me one moment and un
derstood. "You have not danced all the
evening." he commented with a pleas
ant nod. Then he turned quickly to the
map and his face grew stern as he an-
THIS is the first install
ment of Archer Butler
Hulbert's sterling book
of Russian intrigue and Ko
rean superstition, built upon
historical fact by a writer
who knows the Orient thor
oughly, and the secret diplo
macy of which he writes.
This novel, indeed, is in such
enormous demand that The
Sunday Call has decided to
print it complete in four con
secutive installments, so you
will get it all quickly, no long
waits between installments
and no interminable series of
"continued in our next"
catchlines. You cannot se
cure the "Queen of Quel
parte" elsewhere in any form
for five times what it will
cost in The Sunday Call.
Copyright, 1904. by
bert.
All Rights Reserved.
Archer Butler Hul-
CHAPTER I
SEALED ORDERS
I stared over the railing upon the
changing face of the sea; the long
sweep of the hungry billows, the blue
black troughs between them, the de
ceptive, curlinp: crests plunging one af
tpr another like thundering columns of
plumed cavalry driven at the freak of
the winfis. matched perfectly the inco
herent turmoil of my thoughts.
.Miss Oranoff's chair was close to
mine, but a great gulf separated us.
such as will come sometimes between
friends when mutual explanations are
long. overdue; and the silence of that
g-ulf lay heavy upon us after my first
words of hot resentment, which made a
pale girl paler still and an angry man
not less angry.
What Dulcine Oranoff and I had been
to each other matters little to the re
cord of what we became; but it mat
tered very much to me that she had
left Washington without one hint or
word of farewell, as though I were no
more to her than a legation lackey. I
had at K-ast been 'more than that.
And now, while pacing the deck be
fore reading the strange letter my
father had bade me not to open until I
Mas on the sea, I found her, to whom I
half feared it related, smothered in
rugrs in a steamer-chair near the cap
tain's cabin — a passenger on my own
good ship Gaelic to China!
I would not speak, and ehe, it seemed,
could not, and as we sat like pouting
children in dogged silence my thick
thoughts stumbled on from one impos
sible explanation to another more im
possible, and it was not until I
thought again of my father's strange
letter that I saw any light. One mysr
tery sometimes unravels another, as
one poison is an antidote to another,
and it occurred to me that that letter
rr.'.ght explain this other mystery,
¦which was so like slow poison to me.
But as I rose to go I found a gentle
man behind us, and Dulcine sat up
quickly at sight of him.
"Father." she said slowly, "may I
present Mr. Robert Martyn?" Then. In
a moment she continued, not without a
catch in the words which belied their
formality,: "Robert, my father — Colonel
Oranoff." The swift glance, the low
tone, the halting words, coupled with
my knowledge that the name Oranoff
Mas not on the steamer's passenger
list, made it plain that the two were
traveling incognito.
Colonel Ivan Oranoff had married a
"Washington lady and maintained a
home in Washington, though he was
detailed abroad almost constantly in
the Russian diplomatic service. His
name was well known In many lands,
and the man was said to be known
even where his name was not!
The commonplaces of introduction
were cuickly over and Miss Oranoff
hastened my departure by lightly scor
ing me for not having read my steamer
letters.
Not one word about steamer letters
hod passed between us!
"Read those from home first," she
called after me, despite a quick, low
•word from her father. The command,
with Its distinct challenge, made me
surer than before of the secret within
0. secret which that one envelope would
explain.
CHAPTER II
A DREAM THAT LIVES.
Whenever I look back to those hours
In which I determined to enter the em
ploy of Colonel Oranoff of the Russian
service, my father's lifelong friend, I
remember best my light-hearted care
lessness — and I am sobered. How. much
youth owes to Ignorance; Its buoyancy.
It* indomitable 'hopefulness, its reck
less self-confidence, were, each and all,
impossible but f«r that monstrous
debt.
"I have never urged you. Robert," the
letter ran. " to interest yourself In this
came wp play, but it is the one grand
pame of the world. Where else are the
stakes so great— the gains and losses so
momentous? This offer oZ dranofTs
Kivcs you a splendid chance to 'take a
hr.nd,' if you care to. I deterninel to
' "They do everything backward, here,"
she was^already laughing; out- to me;
"the boys braid their hair down their
backs and the men do it up on" their
heads; the fires are" built under the
floors and the chimneys open into the
gutters; is that a new adaptation of
ycrur Russian stoves, Captain Dejneff?"
This gruff old officer, whose face was
buried under a great sandy beard, took
not unkindly to Miss Or'anoff's running
fire of bantering quips. Yet my little
experience among men made me look
twice at him; he had an odd predilec
tion for bumming old songs, and "he
locked 'at the plains as though they had
told him some of their strange secrets.
Dejneff- had been connected with the
Russian Legation here for many years;
he was somewhat forgotting the outside
world— being slowly "embalmed alive in
the traditions and superstitions of "this
strange land.
This Dulcine was discovering," with
out comprehending its real intent.
"See," she cried to me, as we were
passing " a , little cluster * of '¦,straw
thatched huts In a sequestered vale,
"the only children In the world who do
not play on a doorstep!" . '
We had suddenly flushed a covey of
little people, who ran helter-skelter into
the nearest hilts and peeped out at us
from the dark interiors.
'.'Do you also fear the devil of the
threslloJd, 1 Captain Dejneff?"
1 The low-hummed song was choked as
the great square shoulders came up in
a shrug.
"Oh, I don't know," he replied* "why
not? If there Is one— peste!— it's better
to look out, I think. not- the Ro
mans carry brides over them?" A peo
ple of ten millions and not one, who
dares to stand or sit on the threshold
for fear of the devil there! As I recalled
the superstition in the light cf Dejneff's
attitude I thought of the draughts in a
doorway ( . Were they the devil?
A : flock of wild geese flew suddenly
up from a pa4dy-fleld and went way
wardly circling in the thin blue air
toward the dfstant mountains.
"There goes my Widowed Wild Goose,
Captain Dejneff," cried Dulcine; >'give
me the melody, and Lieutenant Martyn
shall see I have not wasted ray time in
Keinning."
The old man hummed a little louder,
but as Dulcine caught the measure he
stopped quickly and- listened y to the
girl's clear notes in the Quelpartien love
song: -¦ ¦' /, .>'_'"•'.'/ > \ ' "
; Silvery moon and frosty air, .
-. Eve and dawn are meeting:
¦Widowed wild goose flying there.
Hear my words of greeting!
On . your /journey should yqu see
'¦ Him I love eo broken-hearted.
Kindly «ay this word for me.
That 'tis death when we are parted.
Flapping off the -wild goose clambers.
Says she .will If she remembers.
Farewell's a fire that burns one's heart.
And tears .are rains that Quench in -jiart.
But then the winds blow in one's sighs.
And cause the -flames again to rise.' •¦
My soul .I've mixed up with the wine.'
' And now my love is dr Jnking —
Into his. orifices nine
Deep, down its spirit's sinking. ,
To keep him. true to me and mine, -•
A potent mixture is the wine! ,
Fill the ink-atone. ' bring the water.
To my love I'll write a letter;
Ink and paper soon will eee
»The one that's all the world to me.
While the pen and I together.
Left behind, condole each other.
The sky and plains made a perfect
setting for the song, so ¦ sad and yet
throbbing with human experience.
One must be impressed with the
weird songs of the East, bearing so
lightly and everlastingly their heavy
loads of care^ But does '.this burden
differ from the burden of our own pop
ular music? I recalled the street songs
of America prevalent, at the time.* What
a load of sorrow, regret, hopeless con
trition, this mongrel music voices! Are
the world's songs all sad, 'and are our
Christian hymns of hope and trust and
faith our only happy music?
„ Old Dejneff was interesting Dulcine
Tn the women of this poor land, some of
whom we met— veiled, unveiled, smiling
in the chairs in which they were carried
by hurrying coolies, or weeping under
weary loads.
Up to the age of 10 or 12 the little
Quelpartienne of good family. enjoys
great freedom, and can play in the yard
with her brothers and ' see whom she
wishes, but the time comes when she
must never be seen without the chahg
o-t, or sleeved apron over her head and
held close about the face. From that
time she remains mostly within doors
and can be familiarly seen only by the
people of the household and the nearer
relatives. This- stage of her life Is
short, for. she generally marries young
and goes to take her place in the family
of her husband, who will be found liv
ing with his parents. From. that time
on she can be seen and conversed with
face to face only by her husband, fath
er, father-in-law, uncle, cousin, second
cousin, etc., down to what the Quel
partiens call the "eight point," ;which
means the relationship ; existing be
tween two great-great-grandsons of a
man through different branches. This
means something like fourth or fifth
cousins in America. It will at once ap
pear that a Quelpartienne is ..not en
tirely cut off from social intercourse
with men," for in a country where fami
lies are bo Jarge as in Quelparte the men
on both" sides of a family within the
limits v prescribed • may number any
where from twenty to a couple of hun
dreds. Of ;- course, grandfathers and
great-grandfathers and ~ great-uncles
are also among the fovored ones, al
though their number is naturally lim
ited. But as a rule none of these male
I relative's will enter the inner part of a
ho'useV or .woman's '. quarters, except on
the invitation of .the husband, and gen
.erally in his, presence.
To all this, and much more, Dulcine
listened with rapt Interest, though in
terrupting her grave companion often
'with merry peals, of. laughter. , What
particularly interested me "was 'the
amused interest this DejnefC took in the
strange customs of the : people, while at
the' same time he turned Jout to be
signally superstitious regarding their
superstitions.? Oth?r ' things .being
equal (If -they ever are), a superstition
is a thing-one man believes that an
other does not.\ Yet there was a . philo
sophy^ in Dejneff's orientalism' that Im
pressed me. : He sought 1 deeply for rea
sons, in: all their •fanaticisms. For;in
stance, as he and I were discussing, the
Japan-China- war, over.; our lunch at a
little Japanese inn at' Oricle, Dulcine
swamped our sober efforts at the men
tion of the battle of Pingyang.
"The city of Pingyang. Robert, is
said to be situated in a boat,; and no in
habitant dares to dig a well within the
city wall for fear of scuttling -the
boat!" ¦/'" u
. We looked to Dejneff. who^sald
thoughtfully, "And they brings water
half a mile, I do think." %>> . *
"Cursing the boat all the way. no
doubt,' I commented. -,', : ; .'
"You believe the legend, of' course.
Captain Dejneff?" The square'should
ers came up, and the growl was deeper
in meaning, even, than in tone: '
"It's not the only vile city on a boat
named Cholera and they are scuttled
by the thousands who do not drink wa
ter brought from without." "
And was this reckless philosophy? In
civilized communities are we not com
ing to know that our great cities are
on boats, and are not millions lost each
twelvemonth who do not drink water
brought from afar?
¦ But It was at the house of the ti
ger woman that Dulcine lost all hope of
shaking old Dejneff's sober conceptions
of these foolish myths. This was once
a little hut beside the worn path to
Keinning, now it is only a great heap of
stones. '71^
. It is a Quelpartien belief that If an
animal drinks water which has stood
for twenty years in a human skull it
will change roto a human being. The
story goes that a youth once loved a
maid whose parents dwelt in this
buried hut But while betrothed to her,
which means more in some countries
than in others, he became enamored of
another maiden In Keinning and a wed
ding with her was set. With brazen
face the youth came one day to give
Erlane, a last traitor's kiss. Her pa
rents were overjoyed at the return of
the forgetful lover, but the girl sat
trembling on. her mat— for a crane by
the river had told her alL When the
lad took Erlane In his arms, her hands
held him tight and, still more tightly,
her sweet form- changed, contour be
neath his caresses, her clothing fell
from her. while to cover her blushes, a
tawny, mottled fur closed^ over her face
—and a tigress sucked the <- faithless
lover's life blood and left him dead.
We went on in silence (after each of
the coolies had cast his stpne upon the
growing monument), the shock of su
perstition heavy on us all. The coolies
had uttered fierce words as they hurled
their stones, and this brought out Dul
cine's next question, though she was si
lent for a long space and mocked old
Dejneff no longer: ¦>-V' >
"What do the coolies $ry when they
throw their stones,' captain?", •
"When the women throw they . cry,
'A tiger for each traitor;' the men, 'A
tiger for each broken vow.' Does that
superstition work good or ill, think
you?"
Nearer and nearer drew v the ragged
peak3 of the mountains which He about
Keinning. Our day bade fair to end a
little soberly, and I wondered if it was
not all a. stern lesson Dejrieff had been
sent to teach me early— a Reason he
seemed to have learned well in all these
years. My thoughts ran pa to the game
that was playing between those moun
tain crests. Was the Kins of Quel
parte being shaved easily? Or, was his
beard of tougher fiber, than had been
anticipated?, Whatever, the beard, I
knew the "razor" was keen!'
Yet old Dejneff took , occasion to
strengthen his gloomy triumph over our
Incredulity. A great hillside on the
outskirts of the city was covered with
little mounds of earth. The sentinels
stationed there were paid by the rela
tives of the dead; for, Dejneff told" me.
it was a myth 'of Quelparte that if a
grave was harmed all relatives of the
desecrated corpse , became Insane.
"Rifling graves becomes a new way to
pay off old scores," he said at the close,
suggestively.
"But does the legend come true?" I
asked.
. "Often," he answered quickly.
"When the sacrilege becomes known
they think they are going- crazy, so
they go; and It's all the same to ma
what makes them, I think."
I know of no city, which the average
globe-trotter visits, more alive with the
tales of dead centuries than this gray
old Keinning, which most ignores As
we went swaying through the great
gate of the wall the grinning clay mon
keys on the roof, placed there to keep
the devils out, made no cry.
. Dejneff 's chair was near mine as we
went through.
"Dejneff," I asked quietly, that Dul
cine might not hear, "do you who live
here really believe the old legends of
this land?"
- The low, weird monotone he was
humming ceased and he turned stolidly
upon me:
"No, Martyn, we don't; but you fol
low our line and you won't get off far;
we act as though we did."
THE^SAN^FRANaSCO^SUNDAY GAUJ;
THE QUEEN OF QUEEPATRE
2collection of , little wooden and; hob
nailed shoes lay in.andalong the road,
indicating a flight quite as uncere
monious as our arrival. .',<,--..•
. In more than one village the national
game of kite-fighting was being played,
the total population,, with faces 'up
turned, watching the > battle. Thertwo
contestants,' -crossing 'their strings,
sawed backhand forth until' one of ;the
strings broke, " whereupon ' victory ¦: was
claifned by' him whose string had long
est" stood ; the - test,* and the laughter (of
the crowd was the'unhappy portion of
the vanquished.; Colonel Li-' inforiried
me that in a 1 village « through which ; we
passed -.there "-. once arose the greatest
kite-fighter in Quelparte, a- reputation
gained!- by, a ; : series • 9? t victories ;,wbri; in
every, province' in \the' ; kingdom.]-- Final-"
lyvthe secret of hlsTsuccess^was^urihap
pily'discovered. 'A? paste of ">meal? and
pounded 'glass -was X made to -.coat ; his
kite '% And *; -the '\ ; victor, { „' whose
praises' had S been * sung ; so ; loudly,'; was
storied 'toTdeathi by the . Infuriatedzin
habitants :bf> the city,;Where\the : trick
ery had; been, exposed. V \ >\T "*
But these] visions of > villages and .vil
lagers carrieiarid *,went before my ; eyes
as though' Ijwere in, a dream"/ arid from
each succeeding j height f I' strained, my
sternly In the face than during those
hourc. But the best-planned battle in
history was lost by him who planned it,
and won by these who had no plan. V;,:
The fears of a possible encounter with
the agents of the Chinese Tuen were of
a nature to sober the most dauntless,
and the more I pondered upon that
phase of the situation, the more inter
ested I became. The Queen of. Quel
parte had been murdered by Prince
Tuen's agents, on the well-founded
suspicion that she was playing Quel
parte into the hands of the Japanese,
who, after the Japan-China war, came
to have, as all. the world knows, the
upper hand In Quelpartien affairs. ' If,
on mere suspicion of Japanese ascend
ency in Quelparte, Prince Tuen had
caused the murder of the Queen, there
could be little doubt that, upon learn
ing of Russian predominance, he would
make a bolder stroke at Wong-Su and
his dynasty.
And if the secret of the temple*' on
Lynx Island had been discovered, what
could be easier than the seizure of the
sarcophagus ; to those who had run a
hundred guards, entered a palace,' and
murdered a trebly-guarded Queen.
I could have endure^ with better, rel
ish the idea of a contest for the body of
the Queen with' Europeans., But China
men ! I ' would . rather fight : Indians ''or
Burmese, though they, too, ' like \ the
Chinaman, have an absurd way. ot rea- ,
sonirig backward. : .Prejudice; led: me to
feel that Chinamen would never choose
the : reasonable or. expected alternative,'
or do the thing, you were' prepared to'
resist, .but would eventually. iwin but;
against: you by'the. use of ;unheard;of
expedients,, as Inconsistent : as 'illogical. 1
' When I try to recair those- days I 'find
I have -only the 1 dirrimesti recollections
of Quelparte. \ Of . this singular; Journey
over those mountains I rerriember.little
more j than my; fears. But there were
great brown : hills which we climbed by
"Butfwhat of the dynasty?" I hurried
on, heedlessly now, for my chance had
come. '"Who can "say how long it will
last? Surrounding nations are rivals/ in
the fighf for the land, and all the^while
the devil Tuen is plotting to overthrow
Whang-Su arid to wreck his throne."
I held my breath when I said the
words. The man was riding at my
horse's flanks and I could not see him.
I dared not look back.
"Prince Tuen!" he muttered hoarse
ly. That was all he said, but the tone
made me shudder.
"So the Chinese Prince is Yon Li's
enemy, too," I mused, as we went for
ward in silence. But now I did not
know • whether Li was of
him in connection with our present bus
iness. I resolved not to give up, how
ever, and was about to renew the sub
ject, when the colonel, abruptly left me
and dropped back to the Quelpartiens,
who were lagging behind as usual. In
less than half an hour a cry came from
them," and as I trotted back I saw that
a trooper had fallen from his horse and
lay insensibFe on the stony road.' As I
came" up, Colonel" Li detailed two men
to stay with the Injured man, and we
pressed: on. Then 1 1 ' saw, for the first
time, that Li's'face was that of a dead
man's. *I started at the sight of It. My
spurs^pierced my horse,' and I was car
ried forward. to my Cossacks at a rat
tling pace. •/ i
So '¦ I was not theonly one -who was
dreading- Prince Tuen's : emissaries at
Lynx* Island ! ; And that • was what I
wanted to know. " /
I rode on '- with the Cossacks ' for a
number "of- miles. From one of them
with whom ¦ I ; could * converse I_ found
that they, were! in bad humor over bur
business. Moreover/; they ' had : become
suspicious of -the Quelpartiens, who," I
was told," were armed as'no-riative'cav^
airy had ever before' been : armed-^-even
.to ..dirks concealed in 'their jackets". This
gossip' I-lIste"ne'd^toj' t but"fml_ndea not? for
soldiers are* men- bred ' to \ idle ' talk. '-¦ But
as the -day; wore on, their, words kept
ringing i in my ears. Colonel . Li kept
closely r his men," and I with • mine.
. :,Thris, : : slowly,' a terrible - suspicion
Two courses were open to us; a diffi
cult (if not impossible) climb down the
side of the mountain, or a long round
about trip along the summit, down the
descending western slope to the Japan
ese village, then through Wun Chow
to the shore of the bay. Secrecy. wotlld
demand that the former course be
adopted if It was within the range of
possibility.
As I have said, I was unable to bring
myself to act on my suspicions of Col-,
onel Yon Li. I have stated them in the
order x in which they arose, to show
what* must have .been my perturbed
mental condition when I arrived on the
ground. Jn proper order it will be seen
whether or not I acted rightly.
Once In Wun Chow, Colonel LI ad
vised me to take my Cossacks to the
Japanese village, where we could find
niore comfortable accommodations at
Japanese inns,- while. he and his men
remained In Wun Chow. It is needless
to say I went with great misgivings,
for I had resolved not to let the man
out of my sight, unless .necessary to
prevent raising his suspicions of my
doubt. But now, at the outset, I was
compelled to choose between my fear3
and Colonel Li, and, brought to the
point which I could not evade.with
out discomfort and embarrassment, I
assented without betraying a shadow of
distrust. He promised to follow quickly
after me and pilot me' to the temple on
the island for a preliminary survey of
the ground.
In fact. I had not finished my late
tiffin when he came clattering up .with
fresh horses, and we were off. Fording
the narrow inlet which at low tide was
not more than two feet deep, we gained
tiie mountain and began ascending the
narrow, stony path.
Once on Lynx Island,' I felt a new In
terest In our mission. Added to this
freshening zeal. Colonel Li was instant
ly, full of much necesary information.
The monastery, of Ching T llng had been
'.raised to the rank . at the time ot the
Queen's death. This exaltation in rank
made necessary a'number of alterations
in the temple, a larger. and. more elab
orate service, and n greater number of
priests, the number of "the latter<being
doubled from ' twenty-five to fifty.
I cornmented, to myself, that the
additional force was undoubtedly a
soldierly! set of men-, and well armed
-Vand" priests! Colonel Li further In
formed me that none of all this retinue
knewV the nature of the treasure they
¦ were; guarding, save the ¦, three high
priests, : but that all knew -that when
; the monastery was made of ; first rank
a precious gift was laid within i the al
tar/ appropriate to its exalted position
One of these steamers was lying at
anchor in the harbor of Wun Chow,
surrounded by sampans. Another was
Just clearing £he harbor as we entered
the village, the black trail of its smoke
lying along the horizon, making the
sentinels of Lynx Island look like di
minutive smoking volcanoes.
But my eyes passed quickly from the
merchantmen and rested long on a lit
tle white speck on the blue waters^ — the
yacht Dulcette of the Russian man-of
war Ulric, which was stationed at Tsl.
The little craft lay floating near the
precipitous side of Lynx Island, evi
dently as near shore as possible, and I
confess my spirits rose as I watched it
rise on the swell of the sea. Then my
eyes ran from It to the shore, a dis
tance of two hundred feet— how could
•we bridge that leap?
From the^hore I looked up the steep
side of the mountain, and my heart
sank within me, for it seemed a well
nigh impassable course down which to
bring a burden in the dark of night.
The mountain side, was serrated with
great ribs of rock extending from end
to end. .Here and there the dark ra
vines seemed, from my standpoint on
the beach at the village, more impass
able, even, than the rugged face of the
mountain side. Our burden, I, doubted
not, would weigh no less than six or
eight hundred pounds and I knew that
the Temple of Ching-ling (so It was
called locally) was on the summit of
the island, though I could see no trace
of it.
THE TEMPLE OF CHING-LING.
Wun Chow Bay is a basin measuring
about two miles both in width and
length. On three sides it is bounded by
the mainland, which ends in a prom
ontory of Jutting rock. On the fourth
or south side a mountain of an island
rises three hundred feet from the sea.
The harbor entrance is a narrow inlet
between the promontory or the main
land and the eastern extremity of Lynx
Island. Several picturesque rocky fig
ures stand out of the water in the in
let as if to mark the mainland's an
cient boundary line— the sentinels of
Lynx Island, a nightmare to^captains
Inward bound. On the' western shore
of the bay was the small native village,
and around the western end of Lynx
Island, on the little neck of water di
viding it from the mainland, was a Ja
panese village; for this was an open
port and a regular landing place for
Japanese steamers .plying between Na
gasaki and northern Chinese ports.
CHAPTER VL
It was 6 o'clock when I again looked
at my watch. We were Just trotting
out of the old West Gate of Kejnning,
for I had found Colonel Li and "liis es
cort forming in the barracks parade,
the Cossacks looked rather disgusted
in their outlandish oriental garb,
though taking it all good-naturedly,
like the soldiers they were.
Once in the open country the Quel
partien cavalry scurried ahead, a mot
ley crowd and ill-horsed. Behind them
rode Colonel Yon' LI. My Cossacks
came after me, well-horsed, silent, and
looking neither to the right nor the left.
Beyond them, as I looked back, lay the
old walla of Keinning; before me, fifty
miles as the crow flies across' the
mountains, the Buddhist monastery on
Lynx Island, and its Imperial
Three miles from Keinning we passed
the completed mausoleum where the
Queen was soon to be burled. Colonel
Li fell back and explained this to me.
A mound of solid earth fifty feet high
contained the great granite. tomb above
which was suspended a monstrous.tab
let. When the sarcophagus was placed
within the tomb, this tablet was to be
dropped, and no human power could
raise It again and disturb the royal re
mains. Colonel Li Informed me that
this was the second tablet Imparted;
"Forgive me, Dulcine," and I seiz-d
her bended shoulders in both arms;
"you would not have me refuse, would
you?" 0
The. w*>t face was slowly lifted to
mine. "You know I would not, Rob
ert," she said. And I drew her to me
now In the silence which was broken
only by the rustle in the little room far
beyond and the flutter of the dying fire
which cast a red glow over our mottled
throne.
"For to know is to fear," whispered
Dulcine: she did not tremble now. I
knew she liked my uncompromising at
titude (I ", had always laughed those
legends to scorn out of principle),
though she did not possess the guile to
counterfeit it as I did.
"I thought father would trust Dej
neff anywhere," she said thoughtfully.
"He Is more needed here than I, and
your father happens to dare to trust
me." I did not know how the words
would sound until I blurted them out.
The girl's hands went to her face, and
the echo of my own words cut my heart
right and left.
"Rot," I burst out, angry with myself
for the chill of fear that ran through
me at the wild words. "No wonder Col
onel Oranoff chose another man than
old Dejneff. He knows too much and
believes it all."
What the devil the Chinese Prince
wanted of the remains of the former
Quelpartien Queen was more than I
could guess. I kept a crowd of ques
tions back, and at last Dulcine crept
nearer me and I felt her tremble as she
whispered: -'¦'¦•:';*•
"You have forgotten Dejneff's legend
that insanity comes upon the relatives
of the dead who are desecrated."
"It began with the King," Dulcine at
last replied; " he said Tuen was paw
ing Quelparte over for the dead Queen's
body."
I had not. I knew Prince Tuen of
China had, through his agents, caused
the murder of the Queen and that he
lojiged for the downfall of Whang-Su,
the King of Quelparte. More than this
I knew little.
It was a moment before the answer
came, and then it came slowly as
though with pain:
"Have you not heard the talk of
Tuen?"
"Oh, perhaps to remove an obnoxious
quantity," I answered with assumed
lightness.
"Father does not send men on er
rands like this to rid himself of them."
I saw my chance.
"What do you mean by 'errands like
this'?"
"Away?" she echoed: there was
something more than surprise in her
tone.
"I am ordered with Colonel Li to
Lynx Island to bring back the body of
the murdered Queen."
Dulcine started at the words, and I
felt surer than before that there was
something about this miserable Queen
that I did not know — and God knows I
knew enough! I kept silent, ready to
seize upon the girl's first words.
"Why you rather than Dejneff?" she
said, at last, after looking into the fire
awhile.
"I am, to go away."
I looked at my watch. It was 2
o'clock. Then Dulcine came smiling
sleepily, but anxious and full of ques
tions. We presumptuously drew the
King's tawny throne up to the fire and
sat down. Colonel Oranoff entered a
little room off from us which contained
his private desk and sat down to a pile
of papers which he stirred busily now
and then.
"What is it, Robert?" Dulcine whis
pered, coming suddenly close to me.
"Be seated and I will call her. Col
onrl Li will await you on the barracks
parade at daylight. Remember you can
telegraph me from Han Chow." ,
"I shall be ready to go. Colonel - t
Oranoff." said I, with as much candor,
I hope, as earnestness (and I looked^,
him honestly in the face as I said the 1
words), "when I shall have seen and
said good-by to Dulcine."
He was sorting the papers on his ta- ?
ble when I said these words, the mean-/
tng of which could nc-t have been mis
taken by any man. Ke paused as I
uttered them, and pretended to exam
ine more carefully a paper he had
lifted from the table. But his eyes
were looking over it and he was star
ing at the green table cover. He stood
still a moment, then gathering his
papers quickly. (in very little order) ir.
to a secret drawer, he turned frankly
upon me and held out his hand.
"A squad of Quelpartien cavalry with
Colonel Yon Li and twenty Cossacks
disguised in Quelpartlen uniform will
await you when you are ready to go,"
said Colonel Oranoff, and, though he
walked away to his table, I knew by
the slight rising inflection of his words
that he meant to ask me how soon that
could be. - •
pleased him, I think, though his face
instantly sobered:
"But wait. This is a more difficult
mission than you have thought. First,
of all -we are gaining in Quelparte in
these days, nothing is to* be kept perma
nently except this very Lynx Island. If
Port Arthur cannot be retained for any
reason. Wun Chow Bay is to be the ter
minus of the Siberian railway. Our
agents on the yacht Dulcette, are at
work there- now making private pur
chases whiA 'will enable us to control
Lynx Island and Its bay. Thus the ef
fort to obtain the sarcophagus must not
be allowed to jeopardize these negotia
tions now pending." •
When at last Cdonel Oranoff, though
by implication only, gave me an oppor
tunity to decline the service, I drew up
quickly and saluted, for I would not
have withdrawri for "worlds, and I
knew he knew it.
a : tortuous path after .leaving gray
Keinning. Further on we found our-;
selves in the foot-hills of . the moun
tains, , cut - up -by many, a .pleasant -vale,
but somber arid dreary because 'of the
great rocks" which arose ori every haridi'
Here arid there ori; the* mountain-sides
white-robed figures ; (for Quelpartiens
dress all in white ; like; Koreans) were
raking dry "grass or burrowing for roots
to burn. Now arid then we met; a na-;
tive boy with a string! of, little* Korean
ponies loaded . with wood, .which was
worth its weight in copper ycash'< in
Keinning. ."At times we /clattered
through a little mountain valley where
dimlnutiv'e paddy-fields .¦ were ' covered
with rippling water,; which gurgled : to
the , roadside on its way from one; ter
race to* another, or we awoke the echoes
of a secluded mountain village of
straw-thatched mud-huts, from which
uncouth heads were thrust with many
querulous, . guttural exclamatlc-ns of
surprise. Little boys and, girls dressed
in multicolored coats - peculiar to ' the
youths in Quelparte,, as in Korea, scur
ried "away as fast as they could in
their ungainly wooden shoes. , . Some
times; if-we came with ; great sudden
ness l upon a • sleeping '-¦ hamlet, „. an ' odd
We made forty, miles over the rough
mountainous, road and rested our
horses the night of the 11th at the little
village Tu Men in the mountains^ The
Quelpartiens lagged far behind, but got
in before midnight. We knew that the
remaining twenty odd miles of the
journey would be more difficult than
the forty ; we had covered, as the, road
would be 'constantly descending ragged
mountain spurs.
During the long hours in the saddle
I had much time to think c-f the future,
and I confess • I never looked it more
THE ROAD TO WUN CHOW.
CHAPTER V.
The sound was'as 'though a gigantic
hammer had struck a mountain cliff,
and it rang and rang in *ny ears un
pleasantly. ¦ -
the other had broken on the first trial
drop. The present slab had stood one
test, by being -dropped upon a' tempo
rary foundation. A second test was to
be made to-day.
Indeed, we had, not gone far when a
strange noise "came over. the fc>ot-hllls
with the wind. Colonel \ LI nodded . to
me, saying: ' . ) •
"The great tablet has stood the test."
Frequently, as we talked in low
tones, Colonel Oranoff looked quietly
at me, and I felt, long before Prince
Ting left, that I was to be employed in
this singular but vitally important mis
sion, and, as Oranoff returned from the
door through which the Prince passed
out, I could not resist the Impulse to
grasp his hand.
The gpontaneoueness of the action
Ah having withdrawn but Prince
Ting, we three drew close together.
Colonel Orancff summoning me to a
place beside them.
From the conversation, I learned that
the Queen's body was being secretly
kept in a Buddhist temple on Lynx
Island In Wun Chow Bay. sixty miles
westward from TbI. The "round moon"
(full moon) came on the 19th. This
was the 10th. There were nine days,
therefore, in which to bring the Imperi
al sarcophagus a distance of one hun
dred and fifty miles by water and
twenty by land to the Rusian Legation
in which we sat.
"You will need me no more, gentle
men," he then said, turning to depart.
"Trust Prince Ting and have all in
readiness o4i the night of the round
moon. I go even now to invite the for
eign representatives; you will do the
rest." Turning to go, he electrified me
(the others seemed* not to notice it) by
turning to Oranoff and saying with a
laugh:
"Yes; you will do the rest! Ha, ha,
ha!"
And now Colonel Oranoff spoke quick
ly to him in a low tone, and, satisfied,
at length the King called Prince Ting
to his side, to whom. In a low tone, he
gave several orders in swift succession.
"Your Majesty has been correctly In
formed; the mausoleum is quite com
pleted." But this did not answer the
King's question, and he instantly arose
to his feet—
"Yes, but the Queen's body," he
cried, lowering his voice.
All had arisen with the King.
He had Just broken his fast— for,
since the murder of the Queen, the King
of Quelparte slept when the world was
awake, and met his Cabinet and issued
his heathen decrees when the rest of
the world was "asleep.
Colonel Oranoff at once got to the
center of matters.
"Your Majesty has consulted the
soothsayers?"
Wang-Su bowed, 6miling blandly.
"And the Imperial funeral will be de
creed as we planned?"
"Yes," answered the King of Quel
parte, taking the cigarette from his
lips, "on the night of the round moon,
that Is, If—" and he glanced quickly to
a nobleman near him. Prince Ting.
The latter knelt, then rose, saluted,
and spoke:
His Majesty broke the spell of roy
alty for me by sauntering into the
room, codding to one and another of
his Cabinet, touching a hand here and
calling *a name there, and then by
dropping on the sofa and lighting an
Egyptian cigarette which he drew from
a silver case.
About the room were seated those
whom by dress I took to be noblemen of
Queiparte. They rose when I entered.
Impressed no doubt by the sumptuous
military dress in which Captain Dejneff
compelled me to appear at the legation
and barracks. No sooner were all
seated than I perceived the company
awaited some one. All were silent, and
sat facing a sofa covered with tigers'
skins which had been drawn into the
center of the apartment. After a few
moments a secret panel moved and a
stately figure, in spotless Quelparticn
robes, stood in the doorway. I sank to
my knees saluting, wflh the others.
It was Whang-Su, the King of Quel
parte.
But even as I pondered these things
I received a summons to Oranc-fTs office
in the King's wing of the legation.
Were my questions to be answered so
soon ?
"We have them." he laughed softly,
as we rode back to the legation. "Mar
tyn, tell Oranoff to-night that we shall
be ready in a week."
I wondered what he would be ready
for; and if I was silent that evening in
the salon with the ladies it was because
I felt we were swiftly approaching the
climax of the drama. Of this I had
been assured by Colonel Oranoff him
self, for, the "silent conquest" going
smoothly, little nc-w was left but to
have the Russian protectorate openly
declared to Quelparte and to the world.
To guard against an uprising of the
populaoe it had been decided to post
pone the announcement until a favora
ble opportunity occurred in the shape of
a public holiday or celebration. Toward
this Ortinoff's plans were heading with
success, and the funeral of the mur
dered Queen, long postponed, was pro
posed even by the King himself. The
pageant, as planned, would occupy sev
eral days while the nation took a holi
day. IVith minds set upon this, there
was little or no danger c-f an emeute on
the part of the Quelpartiens.
The talk in the salon had centered
about this pageant, and the ladies were
particularly interested in learning of
the preparations made by the native
government, for royal funerals in Quel
parte are well known to be the high
water mark c-f heathen mummery and
oriental extravagance. Everything was
spoken of save the one incidental fea
ture of the orgy— the Queens sarcopha
gus? and her remains. With a strange
fatalism my mind continually reverted
to this very center of the proposed cele
bration which was so skillfully evaded
by every one.
I attended Oranoff continually at
first, but as. he found it less and less
necessary lo move about, 1 was often
detailed under Dejneff. who was
"straightening out" the army; between
us we were whipping into line a regi
ment or two that could at least march.
More than that could not have been ex
pected of us. The wonder was that we
were so far successful, and when we
drilled in the avenues near the palace,
the admiration of the thousands who
gathered was Dejneff's solace. It was
plain his ambition was not to have an
effective army, but. if possible, to awe
the populace. After the last review the
old intriguer's beard was full of soft
songs. I had conducted the maneu
vers while he with his interpreter min
gled with the crowds. He heard what
was said!
perfectly. The King, after the Japan-
China war and the murder of His Queen
by Chinese renegades, had . fled to the
Russian legation; here well "in hand,"
he had been played clean to the hilt.
Old Andorph had secured practical
possession of the mint and customs,
nr.d Dejneff had come quickly into the
good graces of Quelpartlen army offi
cers. Scarcely a night but a banquet of
one kind or another was served in the
great dining-room c-f the legation. The
boxes of roubles, brought merrily up
from Tsi by troops of thundering Cos
sacks, often needed replenishment, but
never was the need unsatisfied.
eyes to catch a glimpse of the sea and
the. temple: roofs on Lynx Island. ..
'.-." Beneath ; a : stolid, V commonplace, ori
ental r v appearance, , I [found T Colonel . Li
to be an interesting, even a remarka
ble,' man.. I canie ; to -know him; but
slowly, Vand found, to; my : amazement!
that he had .traveled "much,' arid that he
could italk intelligently, of -Chicago and
Washington, of London land Paris. All
this drew me : to him at'first, though I
came to fear, him- as . I 'hope I shall
never have cause to I f ear ' another, man.
Touching;the business- before us, Col
onel Li was • to the point. -A He bore the
Imperial order for sarcophagus of
theiQueeh.i He had' assisted in bringing
ltftb this lonely island toward which we
were hastening. '
But while we spoke of 'the -work be
fo?a|ua^I could not refer to that which
was. uppermost ,^in my mind— Tuen. I
did, however, make up my mind to
sound the man cautiously as to, any
positive difficulty in • our. l way. This
s.ide of our task had not been altogeth
er, overlooked, but wh'en '-.Colonel Li re
ferred to it,' incidentally, I could riot de
termine "whether" he -was keeping ' up
courage. ; by inward denials, or, was ac
tually in ignorance, of • the suspected de-
"But, colonel,"' I pressed' on, for I
had my point to make, "life here seems
to have so little to offer.. For all your
service and devotion to your King what
worthy reward have you? Custom in
exorably, compels you,' if you gain high
officej to support 'all your' relatives. So
there is little* or no financial gain; and
you must make enemies, who, because
of our triumphs, ,will be more de
lighted when you fall."
"True," he r said: ; "but does the
thought of failure. keep your politicians
from entering the contest? Triumph is
not less sweet in Quelparte than In
America.. And if you are with the King
your triumph is as lasting as the dy
nasty, by the King's favor."
An' the sunshine an* the palm trees *n
The tlnkly temple bells! s-
took in all this with a significant sweep
of ' his arm :
"Look, listen, breathe! What . is the
turmoil and < foolish 'fury, of: your new
world to me "compared with t these? As
water in the . 'teapot to the thirsty
drunkard!" '
And I "could only.' hum to myself the
British soldiers' song: .
If you've 'eard f the " East '¦ a-callln'.
Why, .you 'won't teed-' nothln f -«lsc
' No! you won't .'ecd..nothln'.elae
But ' them ' st> 1 cry xa rile smella
I cannot tell how disconcerted these
awful suspicions, bred by my Cossacks'
idle talk, made me, and at the first
thought- of failure I became sick at
heart." The capture of the 4 Imperial
sarcophagus would, I knew well, make
no earthly difference with the length of
the dynasty, but I was not so sure that
the knowledge of such a capture would
not stagger : the King's brain and that
of every relative, and so, in reality, ful
,. fill the direful prophecy.
My* Cossacks were riding their horses
at natural gaits, some near, some far
In advance. Suddenly one of them re
turned up the steep path, his horse wet
.with 1 lather. Reaching me, he saluted,
anti said In French:
"Three of the Quelpartlen cavalry
have circled us and are riding hard and
far in advance."
1 I remembered instantly the rider who
•had fallen and the twp companions left
with him; also, that the accident hap
pened after I had spoken as I did of
Prince Tuen to Colonel Li.
-It 'may seem, as I tell it, that this
was all that I needed to assure me that
-my fears were not groundless. But I
could not distrust Colc-nel Li without
reflecting seriously on Colonel OranofT.
and that I was in no mind to do. How
ever, It was only that which kgpt me
from stopping in the first rocky pasa.
calling ray. Cossacks about me, and
making a prisoner of my guide and
senior officer.
As It was, I felt for my weapons, put
on a ' cheerful face, and rode at the
head of my men- into the village of
Wun Chow.
dawned on. my brain. I was a loyal
servant of the King— I and mine. What
erf him and his? Had Chinese gold been
of no avail with him? Was I -going to
Lynx Island with a wily tool of the
Chinese werewolf? Was I the dupe oC
Colonel Yon Li^and virtually in the
hands of the King's enemy already?
f HE •-; SAN FRANCISCO ' SUNDAY;
signs of Prince Tuen. , To enlighten my
self further on this all-important point,
f diplomatically ; directed our conversa
tion. ..Turning the ; talk again to i£e
colonei's experiences on: the .Western
Continent,-, I inquired: ¦
: ."But, colonel, you - seem greatly to
have appreciated your, visit to America
and ; Europe. Did • the wish never : come
to ' you to remain | and • become a citizen
with .us? I should thinK ' Quelparte
would- seem tame to one .who had' been
once lost in .the > roar, of our great cities,'
and who enjoy ed the novelties and "at
tractions of the hew' world as keenly as
.you." ;--':~v.\ "¦ - ' • ¦ ." ••' ' • '•
We .were just topping a , commanding
spur." ' Far up : on the 'face of '¦ a ' cliff,
fobrri -which ¦ ari^eagle's ,. scream ; came
rasping* down; i'a ; dark! hole showed the
mouth "of a' Buddhist' monastery^" in the
solid, rock.* A tlnklinglbell,: swayed Jby
the wi hds.i and the* dull [throb > : of a cymf
b4l " could" be; heard ? above the"^eagle's
scream.G'and aHhin- puff of , s smoke
showed f- where'£ some = devotee
ha4 ¦ Justlburnedt at paper.', prayer.^ InTa_
notch • ini the; road -far' above us :"a pony
bby_w'as~ stnginVr and the" smell of 'burn
ing: leaves in some' hidden- hutVcame to
, us; on -the -wind/- Colonel '-L.1 -. pulled- up
his horse" quickly 'at ;iriy,; words,.; and
3THE.SAN FRANCISCO -SUNDAY GAIX.
4
—as was true of all monasteries of
primal rank In the kingdom.
What masterly artifice, thought I.
bad been displayed In safely guarding
the body of the QueenI Here, on this
mountain iiland, a picked body of men
•under the* cloak of religion lay guard-
Inr their nine's precious secret more
e&Xely than It could have been watched
In the citadel of any fortress defended
by an army. "The cowl Is mightier
than the sword." they say in Quel
parte. But cowl and eword were here.
Our horses were climbing away vig
orously, and soon we neared the sum
mit of the .hill? where a picturesque
scene greeted our eyes. A great can
yon spilt the summit of Lynx Island,
and from one rocky side to the other
a green vale extended, perhaps two
hundred yards wide. A number of old
trees stood upon the grasy plat, and In
the distance appeared tho temple roof,
its gable ornamented with clay mon
keys of life size, which, the Quelpar
tiens believe, will preserve any build
ing from evil spirits. As I saw their
grotesque little figures silhouetted
against the distant sea I wished for
once to believe with old DejneS in their
power. As we pushed on more rapidly,
a second building came Into view, dis
tant a hundred yards from the temple.
This, Colonel Lt had forgotten to ex
plain, was an auxiliary dormitory for
the twenty-five additional prnests
brought to the monastery when It was
made of first rank. It was merely a
long, straw-thatched native hut. As
we drew n«ar, what I had taken to be
the wall of the temple appeared to be
an outside wall surrounding the temple
Itself— an unusual but not unheard of
method for the protection of temples
from vandals.
I shall never forget my first ride into
this canyon of Lynx Island. My eyes
saw everything, and my ears caught
every sound. Eagles were circling over
the cliffs above us. White caps danced
on the far-off sea, visible through the
vista of the canyon. A gong was
sounding somewhere, and thin metal
fishes, suspended on the tongues of lit
tle brass bells, hanging on the temple,
floundered desperately in the wind,
ringing their bells to keep oft evil
spirits.
*From his latticed window the gate
keeper saw us coming, and took Colo
nel Li's package within. Soon a priest
came hurrying to meet us. It was plain
that we were expected— but I did not
think of this until afterward— yet
everything sugested it, from the clean
swept quadrangle to the spotless attire
of the attendants. A gong sounded,
and the priests came out from the tem
ple chanting, some passing out of the
gate to their auxiliary building, the re
mainder entering huts which were built
against the inner side of the walL Colo
nel Li informed me that the ceremony
just concluded was the last but one
to rfb held over the Queen's remains, for
on the following day, at this hour, the
final service was to be performed ac
cording to the King's orders .just re
ceived. The high priests. Colonel Li,
and I now passed within the temple of
Chlng-ling.
In the dim light, the candles on the
altar were first visible, and Incense
filled the air. Between heavy curtains
I could barely see the image at the
farther end of the room, within the in
ner court, where" none but the high
priests might step; and to this spot my
eyes went quickly and remained, for
there, perhaps beneath those very can
dles, lay the embalmed body of the
Queen!
As I peered forward, the three men at
my back sDoke to each other swiftly
and in low tones. Frequently I heard
my name mentioned, but all the rest
was meaningless, since they spoke the
native language. I need not more than
refer again to the lurking fears which
beset me whenever suspicions became
uppermost in my mind. I remember
thinking, as I stood there blinking into
the darkness toward the dimly lighted
shrine, that If Colonel Oranoft was be
trayed, no man had ever been duped
by more cunning tricksters; and the
highly comforting speculation followed
that if he had been betrayed my life
was not worth the vapor that rose from
yonder burning candle.
Soon one of xhe men, who had been
introduced to me as General Ling, fa
miliarly put his hand on my arm. and
led me toward the Inner court. Turn
ing from the Image upon which I was
gazing with equal curiosity and ex
pectancy, the man pulled away a thick
mat from the floor and lifted a trap
door, and, unceremoniously grasping
one of the sacred candles from the al
tar, he sat down on the edge of the
black, square hole; then getting a foot
hold on a ladder, he crawled, awkwardly
down. I followed. If I had known I
was going to my grave, I could not have
retreated. The ladder was some six
feet In length and stood in a narrow
hallway cut into the limestone rocks.
Numerous dark passages went off in
cither direction into inky blackness.
At the end' of a long walk General i
Ling stopped and stamped upon the
floor, then, leaning over, he scraped :
away loose dirt, and with much labor I
lifted another heavy slab trap-door. ¦
Again he went down, and again I fol- <
lowed him, on wide stone stairs, into a •
still lower apartment. The room was <
heavy with foul air, but another odor j
was unmistakably present — a perfume i
faintly floating In the air! General 1
Ling paused on the lower step, and,
turning to me, grasped my hand and
looked me in the face while he raised
the torch above his head.
I peered into the scented room. A
moving object first appeared. In a mo
ment, as I looked, I beheld a face, and
started, 'gasping. Then I saw it was a
soldier, standing silently "at atten
tion" and looking at General Ling.
We gee come things first by averted
vision. Ty such, means there came
slowly into my sight a long, glittering
object, by the soldier's side. For a mo
ment, while It grew larger and more
distinct, my eyes were fixed upon the
soldier's stolid face.
When at last I could hook, I saw,
resting 1 on two great beams thrown
across the little room, the golden sar
cophagus of the Queen of Quelpartc.
CHAPTER VIL
A LAST SERVICE.
As we ascended to the temple Gener
al Ling explained the plan which had.
been formulated by the high priests,
subject to the approval of Colonel Li.
The final service in the temple had been
set for two o'clock on the next day, as
I have said, and in the meantime every
preparation for the removal of the sar
cophagus was to be made — floors
opened, doors widened, trusses built.
After the service, and not until then,
were the priests to be made aware of
the presence of the sarcophagus, and on
their shoulders it was to be brought up
Into the temple. Although Colonel
Oranoff had informed me that a- new
sarcophagus would await the body, at
the Russian Legation in Keinning, lest
the one at at Lynx Island be Injured
during the transfer. General Ling had
already made a great wooden case In
which to place it preparatory to its re
moval. 'The total burden would be
eight hundred pounds, which, he af-.
firmed, could be borne down the face of
the hill by the fifty priests, with-the aid
of blocks and tackling, -without danger
to the sarcophagus, even If the outer,
case should be marred.
In this, as' in all else, General Ling
seemed to be a most sensible and faith-"
ful servant of the King. We had
reached the foot of the ladder which "
would / take us again to the temple
shrine, when the man suddenly sank to
the floor and he grasped my hand as I
put one foot on the ladder. I turned,
and, from being the cool, far-seeing,
resolute man I had thought him, he
seemed' to become a child as he fairly
sobbed to me:
"Sir, you cannot guess what terrible
years these 'have been. Here, with only
fifty men, I have been placed to watch"
— and Tie nodded toward the room from
which we had come — "that which is
more precious to the King than life it
self. You may or may not know why.
The first year I could scarcely sleep,
for when I did, a sound as of distant
thunder came to my ears, and for days
thereafter I could close my eyes no
more." Tears were running down the
poor man's pallid cheeks as he spoke.
"But finally I learned to sleep, sir, with "
both eyes open, sitting upright at my
table, on which I balanced myself with
my elbows. But why do I tell you this?
—that you may mention my faithful
ness to the King. Of It he knows little
more than my success. I would that he
knew the fears I have undergone for
his sake and the eternal vigilance with (
which hJs secret has been gruarded. I
have become an old man in these forty, ;
months and have little longer to live. I (
have a son— Kin Ling, in the Quelparte' •
irmy. Tell the King he will serve him (
faithfully as I have, and even uptil .
J*»ath." '
There was something bes4des the j
pathos of the man's plea^ that touched 1
ne, the sense of the Justice of the 1
?reat reward which he seemed to' feel
ivas due his laborious service. Arid he
isked it not for himself, but for an only
!on. I promised then and there to
'speak to the King," though I used the
tvords merely in the conventional sense.
He was pleased, and we ascended into
;he lighter dimness of the temple, but
10 one being in sight, as we entered the
nner court/ I paused, for I too had
something to say:
"But during these years, General
Ling, have there not been many whom
rou have suspected of treachery?"
"Yes, sir," he answered as quickly
ind as frankly. "I have suspected all— *
int. inv^plf '*
"Colonel Li?" I suggested.
"Y«s, Colonel Li," he responded; then
ie added after a pause and a shrewd
.urn of his head: "But not so much as
,'OU."
"You may trust me," I said, holding
mt my hand. He clasped it tightly, \
or on my honor and faithfulness hung *
he success or failure o^ all these long
lights and days of watching, and he
mswered almost pitifully:
"There is nothing else to do.''
As we entered the area without the
emple Colonel Li appeared with the
lorses, but I had other plans which
communicated to him, and he rode off
ilone. Calling General Ling, I asked
lim to pilot me down the mountain
»ath.
Passing outside the monastery walls,
was taken to i- footpath which went
lown the rocky side of the canyon, t
loubling back on itself frequently to r
ccomplish the feat. Once on the crest c
if the rocks the view was entrancing, "r
or the sun was Just setting , in the i 1
nountains beyond Wun Chow. The
ay below, so perfect in outline and s
7vely in color, seemed a great opal in h
he quiet, dying light. From a certain t
raft Just leaving the little pier at s
Vun Chow, a weird sound came. A C
tately figure in white was standing lnl f!
he prow beating a flabby drum, behind a
;hich a dozen men pulled at their oars,
riving the barge slowly across the bay. t
General Ling informed me that this
eremony was performed at the be
inning of each native month to keep
tie devils of the sea from entering the
arbor.
My eyes mo\-ed slowly from the white
figures in the barge to the trim little
craft riding at anchor near-by, and I
thought .of its mission to Lynx Island.
Neither the , monotonous throbs of the
flabby drum nor the rocky sentinels of
Lynx Island had kept it out. While
looking for devils, a boar came in un
noticed! I was surely becoming a phil
dsopher of old Dejneff's school! Wo
pushed on downward, for the light was
waning. General Ling slowly picklnr?
his way. At first I thought he was
cKbcsing it as he went, but before long
I saw stakes had been driven In" th/?
ground by some one who had fully an
ticipated all that I had been dreading.
Through rocky defiles", down j steps as
high"" as those of the great "pyramid,
along little grassy ways at the very,
verge of a precipice, the stakes led us.
In" actuklly making the "-'descent, ; one
,did not fiud it such a difficult task. : As
we neared the bottrim rhy guide signi
fied the necessity of his returning' be
fore it became too dark, and we parted,
after arranging that I should be at the
monastery at\2 o'clock. thV following
afternoon. I found my way easily to
a sampan, where,, I need hardly say,,
my ietters rnade fne a welcomed addi
tion to a jovial party of men. v Spirits
here ran high, for. the mission, of the
Dulcette had been consummated and
the boat now only waited it's cargo
to be oft! for Tsi.
Lulled to sleep *by the gentle rocking
of the waves, I made up for two sleep
less nights and barely came from ray
bath as tiffin was served. I had little
more than time to climb the steep path
of the stakes when the last service over
the body of the late Queen of Quelparte
was begun^ .
I should observe here that the ; Dul
cette was brought fifty feet the
shore on; this morning, and f our sam
pans were lashed together and
boarded over . to convey v - our burden
to the yacht. According to the King's
orders, General Ling had been com
manded.to fire the monastery immedi
ately upon the removal of the sarcopha
gus; secrets of which I have only the
merest . suspicion i undoubtedly con
nected with_ the anticipated Russian
possession of the island, rendering this
waste of properly necessary. - Accord
ingly, I had ordered my Cossacks to
station themselves on the road-to Kein
ning behind the village at sundown,
ready to start for the capital the mo
ment the light of the" flames appeared
on the •summit_of Lynx Island. By
them I sent a message to Oranoff, stat
ing the success of my mission and that
of the Dulcette.
, As I entered the temple a hundred,
tapers sprang to light. candles on
the altar were at the same time in
creased, showing up' the hideous figure .
of the image unpleasantly. Some one
was reading/in a: nasal tone from a
Tibetan book, : and during the reading
the. three score" priests entered* the
building, bearing swinging torches.
Upon entering they knelt; then, with
noiseless feet, they formed a procession
arid maryhed slowly before- the image
af Gautama.
If It should be i'my lot to witness
many, august ceremonies.'I doubt if I
;ould remember, another as I do the one
if that memorable night on .Lynx
tsland. There was something in it of
:he heathenism of ancestor worship
ne peoples — something which suggested
.hi-, religious fervor of India, though
Mended with'and" discolored by the
luller dross of Chinese superstition..
Whatever it may have been— I cannot
icscribe It— that marchof those monks
in'd their monotones will never be for
jotten while life shall last. And when
;ver I listen to chanting, my ears sqem j
o hear, above the. song of the singers,
he chant I heard that night:
' lie knows lie lies who dares to ray
Tliat Karma cannot be; ,
For the body of Dharma, pure and white,
Hver lives In the liquid llzht. • ;
Though his form we may not see.
In a thousand rivers there water is,
In a thousand rivers a moon, • :?.<
In a thoi-and UeRues no cloud is seen . ;
Where the linvonn He like an endless dream
To tenure, our wind-swept tomb. . '
On Grlddore Peak where- vultures fly
Ard lustrous flowers are found. '
1^11 many an occult thlnr may be— ' ' -
If the wood comes not can the tortoise see * ' .
Till a thousand years roll round? • '
When half the procession had passed
he altar the priests faced it, and, '
trostrating themselves, chanted: , '
O Honorable*One by the Altar, '¦) ¦[
O source of the pure, endletis springs, ,
Favor our frail lips that falter, - ' ]
Grant us the three blessed things: * ]
The Buddha,
. The Dharma, '¦ - '
The Shuiga, — - I
The thrice-blest, the three Precious Things.
Rising, they marched on, then, turn- •>
ng, retraced their steps before the im- i
ge, chanting wondrously: " i
The three worlds swing: In an endless arc, . !
Rebirth, decay and death; \ - - : j
An hundred thousand kalpas fly
Like grains of dust across the sky, A
Willie Buddha breathes a breath. ,; ,'- '{
0 clear, pure, wind /of unmeasured love, *
Oh blow, now straight. aXar! ]
Had not your heart been proven sweet, ; >
Who. would have dared Its message keep,
ryel Ho of Kasyapa ? ' • . f
Let the chant go forth to the Honorable One *
AVSio sits by the Altar on High, * <
And strives to break the dark clouds of night ,
That worlds may reflect his glorious light, ¦¦
And Karma be banished for aye. . t
1 sat, I know not how long, as one
ewitched. The swinging torches, the *
lonotonous chanting, the perfumed in- *
ense, all combined to make me what I «
ad never been before— somewhat of an
lolater myself. ''¦¦ .t
At laBt some one touched me and r
poke. It was General Ling, and when i
e asked if I was ready, I looked out a
iirough a crack in a paper window and '
aw it was growing dark. Already riny
ossacks were ; awaiting my signal of; t
ames. Already the Dulcette had lifted *
nchor and was in full heat to be off. t
I tightened my belt, felt of my pis- a
)ls, and answered him: "Yes." •
CHAPTER VIII. 'fjj
, THE r CUE OF 'A QUEUE.
The darkness was not altogether due v
to coming night, for a storm was blow
ing in" from* the murky. Yellow Sea, al
though the long service had- lasted to
near the day's end, when General Ling
came to me.
For some reason I had felt in no
hurry to begin the night's work, for a
strange quiet had come over me, in
te"nslfled fpurfold by the service to
which I had altogether given myself,
up. After three days of intense mental
and physical activity, I was enjoying
a reaction and recuperation. Not that
my fears were dead, or my anxieties
• forgotten, : but from the moment I met
General 'Ling- 1 felt a' new confidence in
myself and in those about me. . He had '
suffered suspicions for four mortal
years— suspicions of every one,-includ
ing myself.; Beside him, and he a hea
then and an idolater,. I was a coward.
His pitiful words respecting his trus* '
.in me— "There Is nothing -else' to' bo"— -'
rang In my ears. How nearly they co
incided with my owh'reluctancy in.
trusting Colonel LiV And I have ever
remembered this -.valuable lesson— to
trust those whom-'I must trust as?I
trust myself.
Upon this motto »I had acted since I
awoke that morning on- the Dulcette.
Ling and Li had done everything.' The '_
sarcophagus was as good as on the Dul
cette. My Cossacks .were no! longer
needed, and were spoiling. to return to
Keinning. Consequently, I had written '
to Colonel Oranoff, and stationed them
to await my flaming signal to be off. I
was particularly glad to be able to dis
pense with their presence as the secret ;
of Lynx \ Island was confined to so
many less tongues— arid soldiers'
tongues are lose at both ends, as all
the world knows. ¦ ' ¦ " w '
At the 'conclusion of the final cere
mony the priests had been taken to an
inner room,' where Colonel Li im
parted to them the nature of the King's
orders touching the j immediate remov
al of the sacred treasure of the temple
and the utter destruction of the temple
itself. , The astonishment of the priests
can be Imagined, but not the scene
which . followed. Old men, whose lives
had been spent at Ching-ling) came out
weeping and moaning, and here and
there they leaned against the walls as if
to embrace them for a last time. Some,
crowded about the image on their knees
and prayed with quaking voices; others, >
most of them younger, began running
about like frightened* deer, while jbme '
fell Into groups in the corners, ¦ whis- 5
pering to each other In their haste. <
Evidently fearing \ that all control :
over his men might be Jost,, Colonel Li •
hastened to read yet another decree '
from the King, which detailed each '
priest to service In other temples, and '•
gave to each a sum of money from the 1
royal treasury. This had the" desired •.!
effect over the younger and, more rest- p
less of the men, who otherwise were 1
quite beside themselves ; with "disap- '
pointment, but many of the older men 1
failed to beireconciled by pecuniary. re-| ' 1
ward. Young men came to older ones, s
svho, sobbing by the wall oir praying by t
the image, seemed to heed only the-flrst *^
iecree. ; x ?** : * : •' "•" *
"Have cheer, father," said a son to an i
>ld man by the wall near me; "you" and f
[ are to go to Wun Lung, where-King r
2han-ning is buried. Have cheer." .- * 1
"Be silent, son," sharply cried* the^el- *
ler, turning his wet face upon the
lopeful youth. "You'; remember the I
rrave of Chan-ning, and forget that of c
/•our mother on Lynx Island.; What,if g
hat is plundered and we became in
sane? It would be a just reward." *¦
The old man's face went back again s
nto his sleeve," and by the shaking of .'•*
lls shoulders I could see he was weep
rig anew. ) • ' .
Some there were among the soldier- , r
)rlests whom the second announcement s
lid not quiet, the reason being, I su~- \
»osed, that the destruction of China- .•
Ing meant they were" to go into
he dreary barracks. • \ -
Orders , were given for the priests to
ollect their personal effects immediate
y, and to be ready in an hour to asist
n the work of removing the sacred
reasure. This necessitated great tu-'
nult and confusion/particularly in the
nud huts; and, though it seemed to me
tasty business to ask men to prepare
vl thin an hour to leave homes In which
hey had lived a lifetime, yet the; need
f having the destruction of the tern- •*
tie seem. to be a religious. 'observance
and thus less likely to be. attributed to
he passing of the island into Russian
»o3session) rendered such a course ne
essary, however cumm'ary It might
eem. ' ,
It was more than an 'hour before all , :
t?as in readiness; and save for the'ex
reme foresight of General Ling, all
roujd not have been ready then. The
tormihad swept furiously upon us,'
nd torrents of rain fell, to counteract •
/hich General Ling had oil in readiness
o smear the temple and the straw-"
hatched roofs, and other combustible,,
laterlal was piled against the temple.
Vithin the audience room, had been
tripped of all decorations save the"
eavy curtain which | hid .the Inner
ourt from view, frorn which the image
f Gautama was brought into the cer
»r of the temple.
"A hot Nirvana for him," thought I,
s I paced restlessly by amid the con-'
usion, thinking of the end that was .
pproaching it.
After a long wait the priests from the
irther. building came in a bodyi and a
lore frightened crowd of men I hope. I
lay never see. Those in the front rank
ere bold/even surly, but behind them
'ere those who cringed and- shrank.?
heir officers, who now ojranly asserted .
ieir r , authority, much '* .to my relief,
randished sabers, and urged on the
mid with sliarp words of command .
nd not a few savage thrusts.
All being ready, General Ling drew
ack the curtain which hung before the
Iner court, and exposed a, great fect-^
ngular hole in the j floor made by rais- ,
ig| the; stone flagging 'above the hall- ;'
ay.?* Ajs torch was given I to each of the .vV.
foremost men, and, taking. a torch him
self, General" Ling leaped down. The
men followed In dead silence, .curiosity
overwhelming their fears and sorrows,
and crowded down the narrow hallway
with many muttered exclamations of
astonishment. Upon reaching the end
of the dark passageway another great
opening met their wondering eyes. A
large space had been opened directly
above the stone stairway. Down the
stairs we passed, and the room below
and its secret was In plain view.
I looked about me ¦ at the peering
faces," as the men stepped forward to
see the contents of . the apartment.
With his usual foresight, General Ling
had had the sarcophagus placed within
the wooden case, so that a. plain box,
five feet high and seven feet long, was
all that was exposed to view. I did not
know Jiow many, if any, of those men
dreamed what the box contained, but I
thought by the action of some that they
suspected that the "sacred treasure" of
Cling-ling" was a corpse. But, my im
agination being a capricious quantity,
I put aside idle speculation and went to
work with the .others.
. It was plain that the most difficult
task' before us— at least within the
temple— was to move the box the first
step, or up the hallway above the room
in which it rested. The stairway was
cut in the solid rock and could not be
removed, j Moreover, it was composed
af wide steps and only five of them in
number.V Hopes were let down and de
flected into the room and placed around
the box, and repeated trials were made
before there was any gain.- When at
last the box was lifted, the ropes could
lot be raised sufficiently and the weight
swung to the steps, striking them with
i terrific crash, which showed, for one
hing at least, that it was solid and able
:o stand all that could be reasonably
jxpected of it.
Li «dld not care to have that experi
nent repeated, and he inquired imme
liately if there was not a roam directly
ibove that in Avhich the box stood.
3eneral Ling answered affirmatively,
md Li advised that the floor of that
oom be taken up. His suggestion
;eemed a practicable one; the work was
nstantly commenced. A number of
nerf went above and the work of rais
ng the floor and removing the loose
llrt was begun, and with Colonel Li, I
ruarded the sarcophagus, those about
is clearing away the debris which fell
hroughthe growing "aperture. Sud
lenly and without warning a great
lab, loosened' from Its bed of sur
ounding dirt, came crashing down up
n us. I barely escaped having my leg
aught upder it; and a priest at my
ide,' who had been especially valuable
>ecause of his authority over others
nd his notable activity and watchful
ess, received a terrific blow on the
;ead 'and, sank with a groan between
!olonel Li and myself.
Colonel Li jumped quickly to the
oor' man's rescue, and with my as
letance drew him from the debris and
ust into an adjoining apartment,
'hich I had not seen before, where the
aldiers who had guarded the sarcopha-'
us slept. The blow had been received
lirly on the head, crushing in the wire
et in which Quelpartiens put up their
air, and had inflicted a serious if not
ita! wound.
Men were at once sent for water, and
remembering my flask in the pocket
f my great coat, went to the temple,
here I had cast it aside.
As I hurried through the temple of
hing-ling for my whisky flask, I felt a
jmethfng in the air which gave me a
idden, terrible warning. I thought at
rst the accident had played a little
ick on my nerves, and. as I retraced
iy steps, I drew away at my flask my
;lf. But ho— it was not that. Every
ling took on a new appearance, and I
- dodged at my own shadow on the walls
j Men were hastening by me, runnin;
r through the halls and the temple
, stumbling 'on the ladders and dlsap
r\ pearing through numerous doors; th
: accident is being reported, thought 1
t and the simple-minded and supersti
: tious are disturbed by It.
. • Thus I argued the case within me a:
'I ran down the steps Into the roon
! where the sarcophagus stood. Thi
• room was quite empty. Above me th<
work of removing 1 the floor continued
; the workers having started up a sing
i -song chant such as Quelpartiens in
, dulge in while working. But below i
: strange silence reigned. Seeing th<
, torchlight in the further room, I hur
, ried thither, flask in hand,
i I shall not describe the sight whict
met my eyes in all its frightfulness o;
detail. Colonel LI and General Linf
were standing near the center of th<
room, each looking at the other ir
speechless horror. In Li's hand wa:
his sword, the blade hidden behind his
robe. - '
On. the floor before them lay a head
less corpse. •
Both men attempted to look at me
but they could not take their eyes f rorr
each other. Together they turned like
automatons; still staring one anothei
In the face, speechless. •
"A sharp stone," I gasped at last,
drawing my revolver.
Then, slowly, Colonel Li's other hand
came up from his side, drawing after
it what seemed to me a black cord.
And he raised aloft the head of the
corpse at his feet, holding it by the end
of its finely braided queue.
"Th© Chinese!" We three spoke the
words simultaneously. Then old Ling
dropped his face into his hands, but
Li lifted his streaming sword and,
with an awful oath, struck again the
headless body at his feet.
Such was the dramatic announce
ment of our betrayal in the Temple of
Ching-ling. Prince Tuen, in order to
secure the Queen's body, had corrupted
the priests of the temple. The man
accidentally injured was a Chinaman
who had joined the priests without de
tection. 1 He was perhaps the leader of
the. awful plot. Thus, in a few swift
words, w'e analyzed the situation.
' Feeling my revolver in one hand and
my flask in the other, I replaced the
weapon and drank from the flask.
Then I passed it to my companions,
and the liquor restored us. Instinctive
# ly drawing our swords, we dashed up
' stairs. The building seemed quite de
serted. Here "and there, however, we
found our men talking in frightened
groups, or, unconscious of the disturb
ance, working away at their various
tasks. Crowding them together, Colo
nel LI, = the genius among us, looked
them over quickly.
"We are betrayed," he said firmly.
"There are no priests here who live in
the outer building." To prove his ter
rible suspicions, he called a witless
fellow from- his task and sent him to
summon the priests from the outer
buildingback to their work; but as the
messenger i went Out, the gates were
closed securely.
A deep silence settled over the temple
as we waited. But our suspense was
not lasting. A rifle-crack broke the
deathly stillness, and its echo rattled
long in the rocky canyon of Lynx
Island.
Colonel Li was right; we were sur
rounded by armed servants of the'Chi
nese Prince commanded by Chinamen
in disguise. With us was the sarcoph
agus of the Queen, the preservation of
which determined the destiny of the
reigning dynasty.
And the temple was drenched with
oil! vv\^
(Continued * Next Sunday.)
1 JOE ROSENBERG'S.
.^fji Attention y
/» * f *^p*$£~\ OU can>t * ma gi ne h° w good our
/ V !S***ljiB\ HOSIERY are until you have
/¦_-4 I tried them. So say they all — the
/ ~&f J^jpl . careful money spenders.
( \y ~ry HERE ARE A FEW:
X^-^f v^^^J^ CHILDREN'S HOSE— Made
\ '\/y/ '^^\ of double twisted English thread,
\ \ff[ J ironclad finish, jersey knitted, dou-
\ U 1 1 / k* e heel, toes and knees,- stainless
/*H If ¥?"* (_ l % black, perfect-fitting kind and vel-
. \^ I vet finish; light, medium and
\\\ — 7\h heavy weights. One pair of these
f/f i V w^* outwear four pairs of any
/if T>J other make. All sizes 25c
/ // I LADIES' HOSE— Made of real
/ \\ /C^ J Maco thread, stainless black, high
t J I xl^ spliced heel, extra elastic tops, full
. length; in light or medium ¦
W^ k weights. You couldn't duplicate
!§!, \ this same quality for twice the
\ \ LADIES' OUT SIZE ' HOSE—
] I V For large women; made of Egyp-
)• \ tian combed thread, stainless, soft
K5 velvet fit.ish. You can get Hosiery
equal these for 23c
LADIES' HOSE — Made of
Egyptian lisle, stainless black,. in "w% 1^ -».
mWrn^M l!ii|i ' IP© Rosenberg
Stocking in every detail/ , Try a m9 The Home of
j pair and we are' positive hereafter Perfect Fitting Stockings
you \;ill buy them nowhere else Q1 , 'mimmVm* «? 1ih*Fnrrpll^f
but from us. A low price to in- 816 MZirKCt it, 11 U raiTCU 3L
troduce them .25c saw francisco.yi Jt SL JAY PEE MOREGAItf was ardently de
( ¥ I vote< * to l^ c 8° o< * °ld American game of coin
J collecting. The population of this fair land of
ours — at least, according to the views of the
most competent foreign observers who have never visited
the United States — is divided into two classes: those who
pay and those who receive. Most of us are in the former,
but Mr. Moregiin was one of the most prominent mem
bers of the latter class. If the ancient adage anent the
blessing that will accrue to those who give has any truth
in it, there must be a strong demand on the blessings
treasury from the American continent alone. Mr. Morer
gain and his confreres, however, were of the opinion
that a coin in the hand is more to be desired than . a
blessing in the bush.
It must not be assumed from this that that worthy
gentleman was a member of the genus porcine. As a
matter of fact, he was very modest in his desires. He
didn't want any more money than there was in circula
tion, and he was even willing that a little should be left
in the hands of the common people, in order to promote
enthusiasm in tbc pursuit of it. This is an important fact
that is often overlooked by the critics of . the modern
millionaire. Any one who has had the opportunity to
observe the ways of that wily bird on his native heath
knows that the attractiveness of coin collecting is not
due to any vulgar desire to heap up money, but to the
excitement of the chase. When he goes forth in the
morning to his daily task in the marts of trade the
millionaire is comforted and upheld by the cheering
thought that each day brings its duties — and its dubs—
to be done. Each man who drifts into the plush-lined
and gold-mounted office of the millionaire may have a
large wad of greenbacks concealed about his -person that
he is very anxious to retain for his own selfish pleasure
and profits.
It is surprising how many selfish people there are in
the world and how hard the much maligned and over
worked capitalist has to struggle to get the beggarly pit
tance of forty-five per cent necessary to support his mbd
cst establishment on Fifth avenue, his cottages at New
port, in the Berkshires and at Aiken, his steam yacht and
(Copyright, 1903, by. Albert Britt.)
. The plan was a cood one and the only trouble with
it was that it wouldn't work. When he wandered into
the club to begin the billiard tournament in the middle
of the first afternoon after he had emancipated himself
he found it inhabited entirely by liveries occupied by the
salariea minions of the place. There was not a million
aire in sight. It was the same next day and all the days
thereafter; millionaires out of work seemed to be as rare
as flying machines that will fly. Then he tried one of
his country, houses, but the first day he saw a newspaper
story of a big bulge in Peanut Limited on the floor of
the Exchange, and was half-way back to the city before
it occurred to him that he -had sold his seat and was
engaged in doing good to his. fellow man in an entirely;
different manner. .
In despair he took the next boat to Europe, thinking
to find surcease from sorrow in wandering over the
storied Continent. The only acquaintances he met there
were the 'wives, and daughters of men who were at home
unwinding ticker tape. Every time Mr. Moregain saw
anything about a big day on the Exchange or an exciting
evening session at the Waldorf he would begin to look
up the time of the next boat to New York, and two or
three times his wife caught his coat tails just in time to
keep him from starting to walk back.
The few men that he met who. owned up to having
been born in the States had been out of the country so
long that they didn't speak the American language any
longer. He tried. to rest, but had forgotten the formula.
Then he went in for art and endeavored to add to the
incomes of the artistic world. Before he had been at
this many weeks he found that he knew about as much
about art as a native. Hottentot and that he was regarded
as one of the easiest things that ever blew into the Quar
tier Latin. He couldn't even talk art, to say nothing of
understanding-it. /
There was only one thing left for him to do, and he
did it; he died gently but completely and at last accounts
was still dead. : The; doctor's ; verdict"' was. that he had
tiredihimself itb. death doing nothing.' As an obiter dic
tum the .medical court observed that, a wise canine will
confine himself, to his old repertoire and that it's a good
dentist who can extract the root . of all eviL
MILLIONAIRE
WHO TRIED TO
RESIGN
FABLE FOR
THE
FOOLISH
"lfe, "jrEVER try to do people, they may
l»;i»'oic.o]i ? "*a«s you back.'
W^^ r^?Si& I ¦f-'i*--"'* • *
<?¦<. ¦''<'¦-%. '~-!£*f*ii The best way to throw off trou
i^«SstPs0iPs blc is to laugh it off.
t'.'V.^Ck* ? ¦ C-: 1 C- A-2 If you want to compliment a
woman tell her she is bright. If you
want to flatter her, tell her she is beautiful.
Some people are good, others are never found out.
The fellow who hides under the bed while wifey
entertains the boys may hear a few things that will
take the conceit out of him.
' '<T»; ; - * •
A man does not know how lucky he is in escaping
the worries of the Easter bonnet problem.
• • *
A woman always thinks she pays a man a compli
ment when she spends his money.
A man sneers at a woman who tries to look pretty,
when he would not care anything for her if she did not.
» • •
The politician is the fellow who aches to be both
seen and heard.
• * . • - "¦
Always tell people not to worry. It does them so
much sood.
• * •
Before a girl marries she thinks love a perpetual ice
cream soda diet; later she learns that even ice cream
can turn sour.
• • *
A woman is never too old to be vain.
• • *
A man is never too old to think he can fascinate a
pretty woman.
• • •
The weather is no respecter of persons.
• * *
Always agree with people whom you want to im
press with your superior intelligence.
• . ? •
The trained nurse who marries her rich patient
proves that she was well trained. .
.•- • -. • *
The man who undertakes to please a woman who
doesn't know what she wants will sometimes sigh for
the undertaker.
• • •
Why do girls marry? Oh. pshaw, we've been guess
ing on that ever since we were girls.
A woman is either a fool or overly meek who can
patiently listen to the inanities of a man who tells Her
that she reminds him of one whom he once loved.
Many a man wishes he were a boy again so that he
could carry a whole tool chest and a lot of other things
3 foil n (i in ni *s t^o** k t c
• To be truthful and polite at the same time some
times puts a rubber attachment on your conscience.
The appetite for scandal is always craving other
delectable morsels.
• ? ¦ * ' ?
The difference "between charity and philanthropy is
the length of the newspaper free space.
• . * * ¦
Some people burn their money, others get into so-
The politician is the noodle who is out for the
To be ashamed of one's wife or mother is the sad
dest fate that could befall, a man.
¦•'* ¦ ; :* : : ': * •"¦". •
The .weather man is having lots of fun in his vaude
ille stunt of quick changes.
• * *
A man who can't make enemies can't make anything
else.
A man loses all respect for a wife who thinks she,
can select his cigars.
{'¦['}- : . -*'.'*' *
¦ Getting into society is like raiding a beehive. You
may find a little honey, but you risk the stings.
A woman never forgives the man who hurts her
pride.
A woman never forgives the man who guesses her
age too generously.
A woman never forgives a man who hints that her
feet are large.
No matter how tightly you hammer the lid on a
woman's opinions, enough v hot air will escape to let
you know that she is still busy.
• * *
Those whom we love and those who love us are
not always the ones we. want to love, us or who want
The Reed Smoot Senatorial muddle makes a real
nasty divorce look downright respectable.
Some men mvrr appreciate a home until after they
have mastered the art of crawling in at 3 a. m. without
waking wifey.
ME-OWS OF A KITTY
THE SAN FRANCISCO v SUKiMY CALt.
leave the. furnishings at least for the next man.
By dint of hard and. heroic efforts he finally arrived
at something near the, point that he had seen in his
dreams. Both of his ; fair daughters had annexed ances
tral domains, with titled accompaniments, and his son
had a seat on the Stock Exchange; and. barring. accidents
and untoward decisions, might be expected to keep him
self going with 1 an occasional lift from the family ex
chequer. Therefore, ' Mr. Moregain announced to his
wife. that henceforth, if not forever, he was out of the
game. No more for him; the daily toiling in the shadow
of the Sub-Treasury, .where -his ears were tortured^all
day long by the dull, sickening thud of the common stock
and, the monotonous drip of the water from the first pre
ferred. No more for him. the hollow, uncertainty as to
the exact 'nature of the surprise that '.the next day might
bring forth. He would get out.of the collecting business
and set about making glad the heart of his fellow man.
Besides, it was getting so difficult to. make money without
investing real capital that it wasn't worth while. to bother
with 1 it any longer. • His sole business now 'would be to
spend his declining years' in leisure and count up the
interest on fifty millions. in a perfectly safe investment.'
His first move was to go out and. look- for some
congenial souK to spend those. declining years: with him.
His idea was that he would go aroundto the club every
afternoon and play billiardslwith some other retired mil
lionaire or '.alk about the , victories of the past withthe
other financial warriors ; who had exchanged thearmor
for the smoking jacket. ; When this gotTtiresome he could
hie him to one of his i country houses and chase the elusive
golf ball . over, the hills and dales, oiryf oregather with the
other J ball, not : so elusive, on the clubhouse veranda.
This interesting^ exercise was to be varied by an occa
sional trip , to Europe or Darkest Missouri ' or some other
.unexplored land. i 1 -, .1 ¦ . • ¦ - . • , : !
his automobile, up to and including fines for fast driving
and damages for lacerated feelings and persons of . the
common herd who still harbor the absurd idea that the
streets were made for public use.
But as we were saying, or at least meant to say, Mr.
Morcgain was no common thirster for wealth. He had
a firm determination tucked away in his mind somewhere
that when he had accumulated a modest competence of
say fifty millions, had picked up all the coronets necessary
to establish his daughters firmly among the denizens of
the effete but attractive Old World, 'and had paid his
son's college debts, he would retire and live a life of ele-,
gant leisure, with nothing to do but to clip an occasional
coupon and keep one eye on the stock market. He wouid
then become a patron of the arts and scfenccs arid might
even.be induced to found a university or two if he. could
find a convenient spot not already 'occupied by an insti
tution of learning. I
He had not made any definite date with himself when
he would make his positively last appearance on the
financial stage, but he, had an idea that it would be one
of the events' of the day and would be heralded as the
most auspicious act since the. inauguration of the coal
trust. Then he wouldibe.able to travel. in ease. and com
fort, including, a private, car, and would absorb large
doses of European culture and Old World learning with
out having a ticker at his elbow" and a forecast pf/thV
next decision of the Supreme Court in his inside pocket.
He would be an exemplar to the young.men -of the land
that wealth was not the only thing worth living for,
especially after you have acquired all that you can . with
ouOa jimmy and a stick.of dynamite. In his imagination
he could see himself held up to the eyes of the peoples
of the world as the highest type of the American citizen,
a man who could get up from the table without 'taking
the napkins and -silver forks away with him.' He. would
5Brady is far more conscientious in
"A Little Traitor to the South" than
he makes any pretense of being In "The
Corner in Coffee." " Here ' Is a dainty
little story, well told. Its characters are
far nearer to being flesh and blood
than the hackneyed personages of the
former story. This plot is new, which
the other is not.
HE ISxGERTAIN
: ,, That Electricity Is Life.
ON. first, taking up "The Universe
a ; yast; Electric .Orgahisih," . by
George }W.: Warder, the reader
; • will be s disposed . to- think the
author ;• has . intentionally, : prepared ¦ a
huge Joke for him ; ; but , we can " assure
hinv it fis" ri'otTsoV arid : th'at the ' book
earnestly ' represents . the > author's
view's.*:' t .¦;" : : "-;'.-- .'* '-V-/ '*.'•¦;':;;„•; :.\ ; .~ ¦ =
; lnla well-printed volume of 302 pages
Warder, endeavors to>how that the ac
cepted) principles of the physical and
'astfonomicar ' sciences " are ' ; radically
wrorig-'arid- that produces
all! the ' phenornena/of I natures confirms
scientiflc'yeyolutlon and explains /nat-'
ural \ philosophy? C --That : It sustains 'the
religious 'J concept and ;makes^humdn
reason /and* the 'Universe -books . of;: God
as^wellas the^Blbler^ThatUove is the
electric '> law (of 'life? arid ': Jacob's 1 ladder
the ; electric path way i between [the : suns
arid planets.?^ This is a large task;, but
BOOKS RECEIVEL).
AROUND THE WORLD WITH A
KING, William N. Armstrong; Fred
erick A. Stokes Company, New York;
illustrated.
.BESSIE BELL, Martha Young:
Scott-Thaw Company, ' New York: • Il
lustrated.
PRACTICAL TRACK AND FIELD
ATHLETICS. John Graham and E. H.
Clark; Fox, Duffield & Co., New York;
illustrated.
.RUSSIA AT THE BAR OF THE
AMERICAN PEOPLE, Isidore Singer,
Ph. D.; Funk & Wagnalls Coihpany,
New -York; \ price $1 50.
IN THE TOILS, Mrs. A. G. Paddock;
J.'S.Ogilvte; New York; price 25 cents.
. THE RECOMPENSE.' 1 John R. Hum
phrey; . School Education Company,
Minneapolis; illustrated;
THE TRUTH ABOUT/THE TRUSTS,
John 5 Moody ; ; Moody ' Publishing", Com
pany, New York; price to. '
INDIANS OF ' THE YOSEMITE,
Galen* Clark: published by Galen Clark,
Yosemite Valley; 7 illustrated: price 50
A WEIRD TALE
•About an Old Viking's Skull. t
. *-j-*HE VIKING'S SKULL," John
?^ ' 1 R. Carling's new story, is
JL. "King Solomon's Mines" re-
divivus. Rider Haggard at
his haggardest never conjured -|-up , a
tale* more ' fantastic than this romance
of the tumulus Orm the Golden.
Allen Quatermain In the«heart of the
Moon Mountains encountered not such
eerie adventures as those of Idris Mar
ville, the treasure hunter, and; avenger
of his father's wrongs. But the breath
less interest sustained In "The Viking's
Skull" does not depend upon the mys
tery of lands arid peoples unknown, as
in Haggard's African stories. An Earl's
castle on the coast of England serves
Carling for a card about which to wind
such a tangled skein of 'mystery in
plot and counterplot as ' has not . found
book covers for many a day. ;
The author's chief .skill lies in his
creation ) of almost impossible enigmas
and 'their solution/, bit by bit, by the
acute'; deductive reasoning of ¦ the hero.
Cafling's mazes in the. path of his
story are none of these flimsy crea
tions : which the himself can
penetrate even while reading of the
hopelessly/ stupid '.blundering of the
characters involved in them. It is the
compelling /force the /author's inven
tive~genius. in working tip . the : success
ful! solving of these riddles that makes
the ; story one of powerful fascination.
Given a broad silver armlet, .for' in
stance,, of ' anclerit'i Norse .manufacture,
with ; "an " inscription .writ upon it in
runes—in a runic" cryptogram. ' in fact
how is a plain, twentieth century Eng-
Illll HIM II I M^>HI JIM1^» ' >aMaMMMll h»llin*JB" III ftilMIM, llT
AMOS vK. FISKE
Writes •" The , Modern Bank."
AN', important- work is the latest
y\ .volume in Appleton's well-known
JL\ Business Series. In it the author
describes. in a clear style, devoid
of all unnecessary technical terms, the
multitudinous daily' operations of an
up-to-date American bank' and. the va
rious methods by. which they are car
ried out by its Bkillful staff of officials.
Stress is laid upon the fact that
without ¦• the instrumentality of the
banking system, trade and industry
could not possibly be. carried on to any
thing like, modern developments. The
bank - makes possible the ' wonderful
ramifications of present day co-opera
tive associations .in business, whereby
labor is divided and, applied to;innum
erable divisions of human activity.
Arid, although the daily^operatlons of a
large- banking- institution' appear } at'
first sight so intricate and bewildering,
in reality all its' methods, . as well as
those * of other financial agents, are
based upon the elementary ; principle
that trade, no matter how. large and In
volved ¦ the transaction. : is always* a
form of barter; or the .interchange of
one product of human . labor for^ an
other.* I ¦•-....
Fiske opens the -work .by -describing
numerous elementary .principles jrelat-
I ng . to barter, ' money \ and^ cre'di tT '• He
then : turns • to i a * Jarge ; ; bank , arid /'de
scribes ; its v 'incorporation; • charter;
sphere of ' d u tid's, . legal obligations > and
financial • methods t^and'r ; instruments.
Then he refers to^.the officers, v de"scrib
ing! their -.daily ; routine V- and, the
plex- system "Organized^ tol,pecure -the
diligent . and : honest- execution of their
Clara Morris has proved herself al
most as good a story teller as she was
an actress.- To her many tales and
reminiscences of stage folk already
published she has added within the past
six weeks a novel, "Left In Charge,"
and a short story, "The Trouble Wo
man." While a review of the novel Is
withheld until next week, brief com-^j
ment may be made upon :the 'short
story. The little tale has to do with tha
sad history of an old country woman
who would always mysteriously appear
upon the scene when any family was
in dire straits from sickness or other
III and there remain .with tender min
istrations until all was well again. Tha
appellation of "Trouble . Woman,"
which was given her accordingly, was
a terrifying one to the little girl who
is reciting the. story, until one time the
"Trouble Woman" came to her when
she * was * in sore distress, rescued her
from the terrors of a storm in the
woods and then told her why she was
the "Trouble Woman." Though her re
countal is grisly enough, there is a lit
tle moral stored away in 'the story
which comes home to the heart of the
reader.
(Funk & Wagnalls Company, The
Hour-Glass series; price 40c.)
eeption of the diviiie. passion : she is
far from being the coldly intellectual,
austere Vesta. The girl's sweetness of
character is displayed as -thoroughly
In the tempestuous .break with her
lover as in her silent grief and brood
ing- which follows. -
This careful study of passions which
forms the theme of her : story -and
which might be too heavy if unre
lieved, Mrs. Craigie frames in a quiz
zically humorous setting of English
village life. Her bits of character
ization of the dowagers in the country
nobility and the^busy gossips of the
neighborhood are delightful.
(D. Appleton & Co., New York; il
lustrated; price Jl 50.)
nlghly responsible duties.
There follows .a; particularly, lucid ac
count of the bank's intricate bookkeep
ing, illustrated " by f ac-slmiles of pages
of ledgers,. "official • and -general proof
books and the various forms and docu
ments which contfibute^c/ . the record
of - the dally^ transactlonsyof ,• a bank.
Thence the author, gives. a detailed de
scription of the important functions of
the New, York Clearing House.- -
Separate chapters are devoted to the
description of the characteristics and
methods of. State banks and trust com
panies, savings banks, private .banks,
foreign exchanges, safe deposit vaults,
international banking/systems, the de
velopment of modern banking, and the
work closes with an interesting review
of the more prominent tendencies of
American banking.
Flake regrets that public sentiment
compels the- continuance 'of the State
plan of independent banks of moderate
capital scattered all over, the ; country,
instead of , an adoption of < the British
system of powerful - banks with
branches in all busy \ trade centers
throughout the empire. But he believes
that the multiplicity' of small banks
Is not at all the weak spot in our finan
cial system. Provided , the . State - offi
cials do their duty in constantly seeing
to it that the directors conduct their
business within the limits laid down by
the law, the. competition for -business
must result in easier conditions than
would otherwise prevail, and, in this
respect the present system offers ad
vantages to the commercial commu
nity, particularly to men In " a , small
way of business,* that] could only with
difficulty be procured under a system
by which a few powerful [institutions'
might monopolize the whole ;: financial
business of a town.*;
,". Regarding the tendencies of several
important New. York^banks to engage
In. the production of speculative, enter
prises,"- Fiske makes ( the following ju
dicious remarks : "It is the business of
banks to make loans and advances upon
assured credit 1 and; sourid/ security; to
serve ' the legitimate "ends "of 'industry
and ; trade and 'the. financial ¦operations
by.- which- they* are, provided- and ?sus-'
tained, and 'not -t° ' « have", any; part? of
their , resources", involved ;, in t risky; ven
tures or be^ prostituted to 'the 'schemes
of capitalists: who* gain ' control* over
their management.-^ It is an era of com
bination arid : a"ss6ciationr and'there' is~a
disposition • amongrpowerf ul ,; capitalists
to ; unite in i directing >¦ great : ; interests
and ; making 1 l^the'm; '.work r but
bankingshould'standiapaft as the com
mon '; agency t of ;Tthem f all^ to ' be used
Vo£seryatiyely^and * imparttallyVf or' the
benen" t*r*bf « industry,^ trade;;; commerce
and ' finance^ of CwhlcbXit 1 Is i the : neces-
WOMAN'S/TELLS
True. Story of Her Life. .
-.'•- ¦¦-¦.¦ * - / '.' -¦'- ¦¦" ¦ '/
OME author who has not the cour-
age of her convictions in sufficient
\_J measure r to declare her name has
% .written a. distinctly unpleasant
book-; under . the title, "I : in Which a
Woman Tells . the Truth About •Her
self."" If the veiled author really does'
tell the truth about herself she has
sufficient reason for hiding- behind
anonymity, for the. truth is not beau
tiful; if.she means her; book to be a
little sermon for weak women and men
it certainly should be franked with her
sign ltianual. \ .
• The 'author's, theme is the hackneyed
one of the villain .man. and the' unsus
pecting.woman in his toils, .who knows
not -her perils until *they raise their
heads suddenly in horridTbfutality. She
varies ,th'e usual order^of such stories
only by making the denouement a bit
more broad and unvarnished than is
customairy in all such tales. outside of
tfle French. Nor does added 1-worth
come from this i frank definition of a
spade. Some •, spades there are 'which
"should bear no naming. at all. The very
sordid topic of this author's confessions
Is one of. that kind. '
From an unmarried man's view Doint
the story has a ; certain interest- in that
It reveals very concisely how fair
woman arms herself with bow and
ppear when she goes forth to conauest.
Some men , think they know a few
things on this score, but the delight
fully : ingenuous ? female in this book
can teach them a bit. For she tells
how she puts on the delicate crepe-de
chine /gown- with the' lawn 'fichu at
tachment when she wished to make a
telling, effect on an unsuspecting man.
or how she takes pains to wear a decol
lete creation In white satin, appliqued
somewhere' with something, when she
perceives that she "has a neck." Now
this is all very Instructive.
', But \ Madame I'lnconnue's story itself
Is distinctly "mechant" where it is not
twaddle. The subject of the autobiog
raphy is either an innocent lamb or
scheming,- parvenu— both Interpreta
tions are possible;' her husband's chief
ability' lies in' teetering on the brink
of an early grave with unseemly per
sistence; ' the chief villain is a villain,
yes, but his villainy found ready fan
ning at the hands of the aforesaid au
tobiographical subject.^
'" (D. Appleton & Co., New York.)
"Araby," by the Baroness von Hut
ten, is the typical Smart- Set story of
"smart" people with a sudden dash of
the tragic on the last page. Sparkling
with repartee far more clever than the
smartest of the "smart" could ever be
capable of, flippant in the matter of
ccnventions as some of the "smart"
would be themselves, presupposing a
knowledge on the part of the reader of
all the atmosphere which enshrouds the
haut ton.' "Araby" is a tale of no great
pretensions beyond that of amusing
This it does. Araby is a girl out of
her element. She does not- know that
flirtations are flirtations and nothing«4
else, so when the big, blonde young
man whom she meets on the - steamer
makes violent love to her she believes
he' is iii earnest, despite the worldly
wise advice of her very, worldly auntie.
Instead 'of giving away to the Inev
itable Araby shows herself to be a girl
of unusual spirit as well as the legatee
of an hereditary predisposition to In
sanity by attempting the life not of
the lover, but of the worldly auntie,
and then throwing herself over the rail
of the steamer. The lover is very much
to be blamed for this sad occurrence.
(Smart Set Publishing Company, Nevr.
York; Illustrated; price Jl.)
sary, and snc-uld be the faithful and
trustworthy, servant."
-«.D. Appleton & Co., : New York;
price jl.60.)'.':. ..:;;',:. -.; ' >'
SPRING HUMOR
Comes in With the Birds.
THE days of the frisky spring
lamb and the twittering pee-wee
have brought with them three
booklets which "are to laugh."
Whether or notthe gentle reader will
laugh depends upon that nicely bal
anced modicum of humor which may
or may not be his. Nothing is so hard
to -cater to, as the good public's sense
of humor, for though a city full of
people may have the emotions of love,
sympathy, curiosity, patriotism in al
most equal endowment, their several
conceptions of the humorous will vary
with, each individual. So Edward
Townsend's new "Chlmmie Fadden"
book, and George V. Hobart's "Eppy-
Grams" by "Dinkelspicl" and "I Need
the Money" by "Hugh. McHugh" will
have a different appeal for every
reader.
; The writer of this brief review can
not praise or 1 censure any of these
little books unreservedly, for that
would' hold him up as -one de
void of a healthy humor in the
eyes 'of those who might take ex
ception to-h,is criticism, and nothing
is. so mortifying as to have that slur
cast upon one's mental equipment. Let
him say, then, with all due humility,
that he could find nothing funny in
"Sure," the "Chimmle Fadden" book,
that "Eppy - Grams" was mildly
amusing and "I Need the Money"
screamingly funny.
Edward Townsend's Bowery boy
died several years ago, and the effort
to reanimate him is a ponderous and a
laborious one. > The present book lacks
all the spontaneity and the novelty of
the former one and the conceits are
painfully forced. "Eppy-Grams" may
be dismissed with the word that it is
a collection of sayings In^German dia
lect from Hobart's well-known Dinkel
spiel letters. "I Need the Money." the
sixth of the "Hugh McHugh" books,
is capital, like its fellows. The laugh
lies beneath the bewildering fantastics
of slang. It cannot be analyzed, for
really there is nothing tangible to ac
count for the laugh save the surprise qf
the delightful argot. For example,
some people may not think it funny
to read of six-story flats with 10x12
rooms as "people-coops." Others with
livelier imaginations wilt hold their
sides over this. There again is the
indeterminate quality of humor.
("Sure," Dodd, Mead & Co., New
York, price . 75 cents; "I , Need the
Money" and "Eppy-Grams." G. W.
Dillingham & Co., New York.)
The nuthor calls this story a war
time comedy with a tragic interlude.
The comedy is sufficiently diverting to
hold up the reader to. the last page;
the tragic note in the book is just
strong enough to throw a softening
shadow over the whole and put the
lighter elsments into subdued relief.
War time and the romance of the sol
dier and his sweetheart offer Brady a
Held for a deal more sympathy of hand
ling than does the hard, clashing at
mosphere of "the street."
His tale is laid in Charleston, be
leaguered by the Federal ileet of Ad
miral Vernon. At the very outset the
heroine. Miss Fanny Glen. , is caught
between the fires of conflicting loves
on the part of two dashing Confederate
officers, and things seem to be coming
to a very ugly turn when, the mag
nanimity of one of them throws to his
rival the opportunity to make a name
for himself in daring adventure. _JJut
it is Just at this point that Fanny
Glen proves herself the little traitor
which the book's title proclaims her
to be. 4 '.-V-V?;/V~ \.~*
By a clever piece of strategy the lit
tle woman prevents her chosen lover
from fulfilling his dangerous mission,
and the other, the magnanimous one,
goes out to his death in the crazy
torpedo-boat David. With this tragic
interlude brought thus suddenly to a
close the little comedy of the arrest of
both the lover and his sweetheart and
the impending trial for a multitude of
egregious offenses runs merrily on until
it draws to a happy close.
By more than the measure that "The
Corner in Coffee" fails of being good
reading, "A Little Traitor to the
South" lays, claim to that distinction. t
(The Macmillan Company, New York;
illustrated in color; price Jl 50.)
"THE VINEYARD/*
• Mrs. Craigie's New Novel.
£L* I rHE VINEYARD." the latest
** 1 story of John Oliver Hobbes
X (Mrs. Craigie) is a book to
be read for study rather
than amusement It' is a powerful
story, a deep story; one which goes
way below the surface of trivialities
and deals with life problems the most
serious. None of Mrs. Cralgie^s stories
are trivial or superficial. HeVgenius
savors more of the Meredith and
James type than of the characteristics
which belong to. the writers of pretty
little Dresden China romances of the
day. This last story of hers is of a
more serious character even than
some of her previous efforts.^ It Is
a careful analysis of the complex man
ifestations of the love passion between
man and woman.
The motif of her book is the clash
between the spiritual, idealized affec
tion of a woman and the worldly, self
ish love of a man. Her story out
lines the line of cleavage between the
passion . which is of the soul and that
of the body; how hopeless of realiza
tion is the one. how sordid in its very
essence is the other.
The heroine of the story loves the
man whom she has chosen with an
affection almost transcendental in Its
purity and complete severance from
the secret forces of humanity which
make man and woman inseparable.
The man loves the girl selfishly, as one
who must come to him to make his
life of desired ease and luxury com
plete. Mrs. Craigie has analyzed
with a keenness of insight the struggle
between* these two natures, trying at
first to reconcile themselves the one
to the other, but failing and gradually
drawing apart by the very, insistence
of their characteristics. It is a re
markably subtle study.
The characters of these two are de
lineated with dll the" firmness of line
necessary to throw the problem of the
story into a clear light. Federan. the
man. who can win the Victoria Cross
in battle or outdistance all competi
tors in a steeplechase, - Is morally 'a
weakling and. very near, a-, coward.
When he finds, that he must- have
money to encompass his wishes he
does not hesitate to adopt very ques
tionable methods for its procurement.
Yet, knowing his weaknesses, fighting
them with a vigor more or* less genu
ine, he , believes himself more sinned
against than sinning and frankly goes
to' a woman In the end who > will take
his love for what she : knows : 1 1 to be
worth. Jennie Sussex, the" idealist. Is
one of the most spirited and winning
characters fiction has brought' forth
this year. With all her exalted con-
BRIEF REVIEW
of Other Recent Books.
CHARLOTTE PORTER and Helen
A. Clarke are doing a good work
in their production, play by play,
of *he "First Folio" Shakespeare.
Already "Midsummer Night's Dream."
"The Comedy of Errors" and "Love's, a
Labor's Lost" have come from their ed
iting, and now "The Merchant of Ven
ice" is the fourth to be added to the
list. This is a good .work because their
books are in the. exact text of the orig
inal folio cf 1623, a photographic repro
duction save for the improvement upon
the archaic type. The true Shakespeare
scholar should not be content with tha
interlarded, expurgated, thoroughly
mangled text which ha3 resulted from
the busybody editors' work of these
many years. The editors cf these first
folio reproductions have relegated all
these blue pencilings to the footnotes,
where they should be; authorities and
their changes in the original text are
thus placed In ready reference for com
parison. These volumes become verita
ble pocket variorums by reason of the
wealth of critical and editorial mat
ter displayed. "The Merchant of Ven
ice" contains a preface, an Introduc
tion, literary frontispieces from rare
editions, notes discussing its argument,
sources, duration of 'action, date of
composition, and early editions, liter-
ary illustrations, glossary, variorum "^
readings and selected* criticism. The
variorum readings alone would serve
to differentiate it from ordinary edi
tions, and when coupled with the glos
sary and other scholarly editorial work
of the painstaking editors the result
becomes a mine of Shakespearean com
mentary.
(Thomas Y. Crowell & Co., New
York; price in cloth, 50 cents; leather,
75 cents.)
THE. PROLIFIC
Rev. Cyrus Townsend Brady.
A XL) now, lambses." quoth
the gentlemanly Rogue Rid
erhood in his voluntary in
struction o- Bradley Head
stone's pupils, "and now, lambtes, w\»t
grows In rivers, lakes an* oceans? 1 '
The j>ur>i!s answered. "And now. my
dears, if coffee bi.ils in a pot and Cyrus
Tuwntend IiratJy writes a story about
wot is that story?" "Our Mutual
Friend" unfortunately does not record
that with startling; unanimity the
"lumbses" replied. "A potboiler." Even
the severely correct Bradley Heau
stune could not gainsay this definition
of "The Corner in Coffee."
Cyrus Townsend Brady himself does
not serin to take this story oP his-ove.'
seriously. He evidently realized that
with his "A Little Traitor to the South'
appearing From another publishing
house almost simultaneously with th*
birth of his coffee story, there would
be occasion for some invidious remarks
uj>on the prolilic character of his fic
tion machine. Forearmed, therefore,
against the rellections of his critics, tha
lately Reverend Cyrus Townsend take-,
his readers into his confidence with a
••preliminary discourse." in which he
confesses that he wrote a part of this
story to order as one would fill a de
mand on a wholesale hardware store.
"Therefore I boidly announced (to thi
importunate editor) that while I did not
have a story I v.-ould write .one for
him. JSasier said than done." How truo
this Srst word "The Corner in Coffee"
witnessed.
Again lifting the veil from the hal
lo-wed sanctuary of the author's study,
Brady advises the reader that some
severe rebuffs from critics of a former
story had led him to decide upon an
innovation in the line of characters for
the present one. Some one had asked
the impertinent question. "Who cares
anything for the love affairs of a
young man of twenty-two and a girl
of eighteen, anyway?" This put th^
author upon his mettle and he decided
tc show his versatility by picturing a
love affair between a man at least fifty
and a girl thirty-five. In "The Corner
in Coffee." then, the tender passion is
to blush its rosiest in blossoms well
blown. That last word, and the story
begins.
Elijah Tillottson. the bachelor lover,
is a hybrid cross between Si Perkins
and Alkali Ike, who has come to New
York with a roll of South American
money tu see aaid be seen of society.
He is the plaything of the upper ten
on account of his barbarisms of speech
aud manner— barbarisms, by the way,
which are strained venjr near to the or
dinary "Rube" eccentricities of the
vaudeville stage; but these very crudi
ties commend him to the blase tastes
of Miss Constance Van Benthuysen
Livingstone, aetat C5. the old-maid
heroine whom Brady has resolutely de
termined to clothe with a pale violet
halo of romance. At his second formal
call upon the ripe object of his affec
tions the redoubtable Elijah pops thu
question and is allowed to hope for the
best. A fine Quixotic spirit in him
prompts him to defer coming to his
own until he can prove that he is not
a fortune hunter by raising his modest
one million dollars to ten. To do this
he sets about to corner the coffee mar
ket.
Soliciting the financial assistance of
a friend from the woolly Brazils, Elijah
succeeds In getting the coffee market
well within his fingers when he discov
ers that the rascally brother of his
lady love has plunged all his fortune
and that of his sister into the balance
against the corner. Then follows a re
markable thing. Not only does Tlllott-
Bon "go broke" himself by breaking his
own corner, but that convenient friend
from Brazil, who has, of course, no in
terest in the deal excepting that of
helping Elijah win his lady with dol
lars, readily consents to lose every
cent In the crash in order that a lady
whom he had never seen might not
suffer. Hardly has the reader had time
to catch his breath after this remark
able piece of chauvinism before the
story closes in a sweet calm.
One cannot rid himself of the idea
that In this story the author is not at
all in earnest, and that, in fact, he
wrote It in delightful dalliance with
experiment. The characters are pain
fully hackneyed; the" blase O. M. of so
ciety, the cloutish Jackdaw in the so
cial swim whose heart is true blue, the
fool Englishman of saving qualities and
the weak young brother, turned embez
zler—these lay figures have worn even
the melodramatic sock threadbare. The
machinery of the coffee 'change, which
Brady has adduced to work up the
climax of the plot, does not move with
the spontaneity which comes of a sun;
'handling. Fact is, Brady explains in
his useful foreword that he had to se
cure the services of a broker and a
ton. more or less, of literature on the
subject before he could unravel the in
tricacies of bull and bear battles.
"Easier said than done," saith Brady;
the author who promises to write a
story to order. Well spoken, that.
(G. W. Dillingham & Co., New York;
illustrated; price $1 50.)
Warder grapples with it cheerily. His
methods of advocacy are most irregu
lar.V He -Indulges, in a breezy style -or
opposition to established scientific
beliefs ; by; repeating the phrase "I con
tend 1 ; whenever he wishes to run coun
ter with a concept and then assuming
the accuracy of \ the . statement thus
made. He frequently makes copious
quotations from obscure authors and,
pamphleteers and equivocally quotes
statements made b-v famous .scientists.
The following paragraph, dealing
'with the creation of . man, gives a good
illustration of Warder's style: ".When
the crystalline rocks , and metals were
settled into a crystalline globe,' throb
bing with electric power/' -says he,
"vegetation came and the electric life
cell was formed as the first step to
ward organic life. -Then' came.thefor
mation of nerve tissue as the basis of
form structure and. the evolution of
microscopic life, which developed un
der electric energy into all . forms of
animal existence which" now inhabit
the earth. These were all formed and
perfected through ages of response. to
the varying electric currents of, life
giving power. Then the animal form
evolved a brain and acquired the sense
of feeling" and sight and hearing by
reason of the electric currents that im
pinged on the sensitive brain tissues
and animal instinct was slowly and
gradually developed and the animal
organism raised to the highest grade
of the perfected mammal. All this was
done under electric law by magnetic
energy. Then the Creative Deity said,
'Let us make man.' And it Is likely he
took a perfected mammal, enlarged its
brain-pan, stood him erect to front the
stars ..and breathed into him an atom
of his own spirit, 'and man became a
living soul.' The psychic power of
glowing thought and reasoning mind,
inspiring hope and heaven-bound love
and truth and language, music, poetry
and dreams of heaven were implanted
as a, , celestial fire in his deathless
spirit. This Is man— the soul, the
spirit, the divine, eternal spark of
Deity himself— not the body; that is
merely the overcoat. of atoms for the
spirit, the temple for^he soul, the
house in which It dwells."
This erratic book is written with as
much; naivete as any .that came from
the fertile pen of the illustrious Para
celsus. It is brimful of Inconsisten
cies and extravagant fancies and can
not fail to afford considerable enter
tainment and amusement to scientific
readers^ •"".".' V.'«-.C
(G. W. Dillingham Company, New
York,' price $1 50.)
llshman going to deduce from. this evi
dence alone the knowledge of the hid
ing place of a mass of ancient treasure .
But he does, nevertheless, and It la
upon the final discovery, of the where
abouts of this Viking treasure and the
startling revelations attendant upon
that discovery that the chief interest of
the tale hangs.
Carting has handled the subject of
his runes and archaeological references
very skillfully, but every writer is sub
ject to a slip In the matter of ancient
properties, and Carling has made one
which Is a noticeable anachronism. One
of -the elements in/the mystery of the
pillaged tomb of Orm the Golden is
the partially destroyed tapestry or web
which recounts upon its faded surface
the Incidents attendant upon the death
of Orml Now, Orm and his retinue
were pagan Vikings, who had estab
lished themselves . in England as rob
bers and sea wolves, true to the last to
the barbaric customs of their race, yet
Carling puts upon this tapestry depict
ing the. death scenes of Orm inscrip
tions In Latin. Nor did the author stop
to wonder how It was that his fierce
pagan Vikings, who had evidently had
no communion with the churchmen— :
the only people of the time versed in
Latin— could have written mortuary
inscriptions In that tongue?
(Little. Brown & Co., Boston; illus
trated; price $1 50.)
THE - S AN--' FRANCISCO ¦; SUNDAY,- G ALII
6
SPRING
BUDDING
BOOKSSomething like a gasp of astonish
ment came from those eight hardened
speculators. Then Greenbaum smiled,
knowingly, as If that were his pro
gramme, memorized and spoken by
Sharpe. " .
"It is also understood," , went on
Sarpe, very calmly, "that none of you
has any other stock for sale at any
price, excepting his proportion in \his
pool, and that proportion, of course, is
not to be sold excepting by me." No
one said a word, and he continued:.
"My profit will be 25 per cent of- the
pool's winnings, figuring on the. stock
having been put in at 29. , The remain-
Ing profits will be divided pro rala
among you; the. necessary* expenses will
be shared similarly. I think that's
all. And, gentlemen, no unloading on
the sly— not one share."
"I . want you j to . understand, Mr.
Sharpe, that we are -not in the habit
of — " began Greenbaum with perfunc
tory dignity. He felt it was his duty
to remonstrate before his colleagues..
"Oh, that's all right, Greenbaum. , I
know you. That's why I'm particular.
We've all been in Wall street.more than
a month or two. I simply said, 'No
shenanigan.' And, Greenbaum," he
added, very distinctly, while his eyes
took on that curious cold, menacing
look, "I mean it, every d—d word of it.
I want the numbers of all your stock
certificates. Excuse me, gentlemen. I
am very busy. Good afternoon."
"Sam is not: half a .bad- fellow,"
Greenbaum told them, as if apologizing
for a dear friend's weaknesses. "He
wants to make out he's a; devil of a
cynic, but he's all right. If you humor
him you can make him do anything. I
always let him have his ..way." .
. On .the very next day began the his
torical advance in turpentine. It opened
up at 30. The speclalties-^brokers'who
made a specialty of dealing in it— took
16,000 shares, causing, an advance to
32^.' Everybody who had been .'"land
ed" with the shares at higher figures
and had bitterly; regretted it ever since
now . began to ; feel hopeful.} As never
before a stock had -.been manipulated
with intent to ¦ deceive arid malice , pre
pense, so i did j Sharpe manipulate; tur
pentine stock. ".'r'ThVtapVtold' the" most
wonderful 'stories "In the world,' riot the
suit you we'll call the deal off right
here, because it's the only way I have.
I know my business, and if you know
yours you'll keep your mouths shut in
this office and out of it.
"Each of you will continue to carry
the - stock for which he has agreed to
stand in the pool." You've ¦• had it a
year and couldn't sell Itrand you might
keep it a .few weeks, more, until I sell
it for you. It -must be subject to my
call at one minute's notice.'. I've looked
into the company's business, , and I
think the stock can easily sell at 75
or 80."
hope."
"Well, call ii 100.00J shares. " said
Greenbaum, more uncertainly and less
Jovially. . - .
"Who is to be in It besides you?"
;"Oh, you know; the same old crowd."
"Oh, I know," mimicked Mr. Sharpe.
scornfully; "the same old crowd. You
ought to have come to me before. It
will take something to overcome your
own reputation. How much will each
take?"
"We'll fix that O K if you take hold,"
answered Greenbaum, laughingly.
"We've got over 100,000 shares and we'd
rather some one else held some of them.
We ain't hogs. Ha! ha!"
"But the distillers?"
"They are In the pool. I've got most
of their stock in my ofllce. I'll see that
it does not come out until I say so." ¦
There was a pause. Between Sharpe's
eyebrows were two deep lines. At
length he said:
"Bring your friends here this after
noon. Good-by. Greenbaum."
On the minute of 4 there called on
Mr. Sharpe the eenior partners of the
firms of Greenbaum, Lazarus & Co., I.
and S. Wechsler. Morris Steinfelder's
Sons. Reis & Stern, Kohn, Fischel &
Co., Silberman & Lindheim, Rosenthal,
Shaffran & Co. and Zeman Bros.
Mr. Sharpe appeared at the thres
hold.
"How do you do, gentlemen? Don't
move, please; don't move." He made
no motion to shake hands with any of
them, but Greenbaum came to him and
held out his fat dexter resolutely and
Sharpe took it. Then Greenbaum sat
down and* said. "We're here," and
smiled blandly.
"Greenbaum tells me you wish to
pool your Turpentine stock and have
me market it for you."
All nodded; a few said "Yes"; one^ —
Lindheim, aetat 27— said flippantly,
"That's what."
"Very well. What will each man's
proportion be?"
"I have a list here, Sharpe," put in
Greenbaum. He intentionally omitted
the "Mr." for effect, upon his colleagues.
Sharpe noted it, but did not mind it.
Sharpe read aloud:
'""*> s-F*:';' Shares. 1
Greenbaum, Lazarus & Co 38,000
I. and S. Wechsler 14,000
Morris Steinfelder's Sons 14,000
# Rels & Stern.... .' 11,000
Kohn, Ftechel &. Co.. '....... 10,000
Silberman & Lindheim 9,000
Rosenthal.' Shaffran & Co......... jj.soo
Zeman Bros..'. 8,600
Total .114,400
"It is understood," said Sharpe eIow
ly, "that I am to have complete charge
of the pool and conduct operations as
L see fit. I want- no advice .and no
questions. If there Is any asking .to
be done I'll do it. If my way does riot
"How do you do, Mr. Sharpe?" quoth
the millionaire senior partner of the
firm of Greenbaum, Lazarus & Co. "I
Lope you are well ?" He bent his becul to
one side, his eyes full of caressing
scrutiny, as though to ascertain the
exact condition of Sharpe'e health.
"Yes. you must be. I haven't 6een you
look so fine in a long time."
"You didn't come up here Just to tell
me this, Greenbaum. did you? How's
your Turpentine? Oh" — with a long
whistle— "I see. You want me to go
into it, hey?" And he laughed— a sort
of half chuckle, half snarL
Greenbaum looked at him admir
ingly; then, with a tentative smile, he
said: "I am discovered!"
"Well?" said Sharp, unhumorously.
"What's the matter with a pool?"
"How big?" coldly.
"Up to the limit." Again the trust
xnakerBmlled," uncertainly."
•Tou haven't all the capital stock, I
Hallo, Greenbaum."
In the course of the next few
months, after a aeries of injudicious
fluctuations, which gave to "Turp" a
bad name, even as Wall street names
went, despite flowing accounts of the
company's wonderful business, and
after distributing less than 35,000
shares, th«? members of the "Turpen
tine SkindJcate." as it was popularly
called, sorrowfully acknowledged that,
while they had skillfully organized the
trust and had done fairly well with
the bonds, they certainly were not
howling successes as manipulators.
During the following months
they sold more stock, f They spared
not the widow nor the orphan. They
even "stuck" their intimate friends.
They had sold for something that
which had cost them nothing; It was
natural to wish to sell more.
It was decided to put "Turp" stock
in the hands of Samuel Wimbleton
Sharpe, the best manipulator Wall
street had ever known. Greenbaum
said he would conduct the negotiations
with the great plunger.
Sharpe was a financial freelance,
freebooter and freethinker.
Greenbaum was promptly admitted
to Sharpe's private office. It was a half
darkened room, the windows having
wire screens summer and winter. In
order that prying eyes across the street
might not see his confidential brokers,
whose identity it was advisable should
remain unknown to the street. He was
walking up and down the room, paus
ing from time to time to look at the
tape.
Mr. Greenbaum took charge of the
market conduct of "Turp," as the tape
called the stuck ot the American Tur
pentine Company. At first the price
was marked up by means of "matched"
orders — preconcerted and therefore not
bona fide transactions.
All the manufacturers who had re
ceived stock In part payment were told
most impressively by Mr. Greenbaum
not to sell their holdings under any cir
cumstances at any price below $75 a
chare.
"In such, a market," "thought Mr."
Greeribaurhl "Sharpe can't'pos3ibly tell
he's 'getting stock from me. In. order
to'be-on the safe ; slde:rm going to let
him have a T couple of thousand. Then,
should .* anything '; happen, I'd , be .that
much; ahead.* Ike!" he called to a clerk.
,' "Yes, gir." -:k' :,... , •. ;
; ': "Sell two^—' wait ;.; make \ t ¦ 3000 — no,
never mind. Sehd for, Mr. Ed Lazarus."
A nd muttered ; "to .j himself /with a
Bubthrilf". of «' ple'asure: ~"."i ; cari Just as
weir as not' make it 5000 shares.", v
"Eddie,".' hefBaid jto i his • partner's son,
"gi vei ah border, to spine . • of • .the room
traders. say,;.'to Schiff..', to Jeell
n ve— er— six ; tell -jiim' to sell '^.7000; shares
of TurperiUnVand to' borrow ;the' stock.
I arri'rfdt 1 selling a 'share/see?" with v a
•That-very day Mr. Greenbaum. as he
returned to his office from his luncheon,
felt well .pleased with % the meal, and
therefore with : himself and therefore
with everything. He scanned a yard
of two of the tape and smiled. "Turp"
was certainly very active and ; very
strong. ) _ ; . . • - ¦
The stock fluctuated between 60 and
65. It seemed to be having a resting
spell. But as it had' enjoyed these peri
ods of repose on three several occasions
during the rlse^-at 40 arid 48 and. 56—
the public became, all the more eager
to buy it. whenever It : fell to 60 or 59,
for the street was now full of ' tips that
"Turp"' would go to par; And such
was the public's \ speculative temper
and Mr. Sharpe's | good work that dis
interested observers, were convinced
the stock .would surely sell above 90 at
the very least. Mr. Sharpe still bought
and sold, and the big block he had beeri
obliged, to take ; In- the course of his
manipulation difninished. On the next
day he hoped to begin. selling the pool
stock.
They implored, individually and col
lectively, Jacob Greenbaum to call on
Sharpe; and Greenbaum, disregarding
a still, small voice that warned him
against it, went to Sharpe's, ofllce, and
came out of it two' minutes later some
what flushed, and assured his-col
leagues one by one .that Sharpe was
all right, and that he seemed to know
his business. Also th'at he was cranky
that day.
And still Sharpe, wonderful man that
he was. gave no sign that he was about
to begin unloading.' Whereupon the
other members of the pool began to
wish he were not quite bo preedy. They
were satisfied. to quit, they said.
N -. J ¦ ¦ . . . '
prlca of the stock 'for a year, In order
to "freeze out 1 ' the poor, unsophisti
cated stockholders and , to ','tlre p.ut".
some of the early buyers,;. because
"Turp," being "a" good thing."\.Green
baum et al. wanted It .all,; for them
selves. ... -;:>v.-.p - ir -;.j;»':.-^'- :
Then Sharpe sent for/"Jakey;" ji t;ahd
on the next day .. ; '{Eddle"ir£azaru8 awag
gerlngly offered tp. wager. $1^.000 against
$5000 that a dividend -on. "Turp"- stobk
would be declared • during the r year.-
Whereunon the newspapers, of .their
own accord, began to guess how great
a dividend would - be .paid and when,
and various figures were mentioned in
the board room b:'v brokers j who con
fided to their hearersrthat they "got it
on the dead q.t. straight? from the ih-'
side." And two days- later Sharpe's
unsuspected brokers offered to pay* 1 %>
per cent for the dividend on .100,000
sharea, said dividend to be declared
within sixty days or the money fofr,
feltud and the stock sold up to 66%,
and the public wanted it. A big, broad
market had been established, in %vhich
one could buy or sell the stock with
ease by the tens of thousands of shares.
The 114,400 sharea, which at the incep
tion of the movement at the unsalable
price of $30 a, share represented a theo
retical $3,432,000, . now, readily: vendible
at $65 a share; meant $7,422,000; not half
bad for a,: few .weeks' work. i«
"Lend me the; money now," and I'll
pay it back' to you when you give- me
what I make on the deal;" " she < said,
with fine finality. - And seeing hesita
tion in Bob's face, 1 she added solemnly :
"Honest, I will, Bob. I'll pay you. back
every cent this time."
"I'll thfnk about it," said Bob.* He
always said \ that when ¦ he had capitu
lated, and she knew it, and so she said,
magnanimously, "Very well, dear."
Lindheim thought 1000 shares would
do It, so he decided to sell; a thousand'
the next day,' for you can: never tell
what may happen,. and accidents sel
dom help the bull*. But as he thought
of it in' his office more calmly, more de
liberately, away, from his wife and from
the influence- she. exercised over; him,
it struck him forcibly that It was wrong
to selllOOO shares' of Turpentine stock.
He might as well as not. make it: 2500;
arid he did. He was, really a modest
fellow, arid- very young. His wife's
cousin sold I the | stock \ for - him, .appar
ently short- ,;¦ ; ¦'.'¦•
. Total breach of faith, 17,500 shares.
The r rriarket. stood it well.'. Sharpe
was certainly a wonderful chap.
Unfortunately, "Morris ' •'. Steinf elder
decided to rBell 1 1500 \"Turp'.". and: did
bo. The stock actually rose half a
point on his. sales. {( So he sold another
1500 and, as a sort of parting -shot,
600 . shares more. . f All this through an
unsuspected ¦ broker. .. . , ,
- Total breach'.bf faith; 21,000 shares.
The market was' but slightly affected;
Then ' Louis Reis of 'Rels &" Stern,
"Andy"! Fischel of Kohn/ Fischel -&
Col; -Hugo Zeman of Zeman" Bros. /and
"Joe": Shaffran of Rosenthal," Shaffran
& iCovvall .they -could : break
thelf, pledges ito:Sharp£ with impunity,
arid each sold : to " be r on ; the saf e r side.
This' last/ lump' ' figured; 'up- .'10,400
Blares. -" ./ *'" \'. '.'. -"¦ '"¦*' ¦¦.. :
-Total breach of faith. 31;400:shares.
- The r marketVdidv, not take 1 it -\ well.
v ' "Why;? I; might, as well make it 5000
shares '.while rma6oui it, for there's
noHelling^vhat may happen if Sharpe
should overstay his market. I'll build
a new stableiat Westhurst".— his coun
try place— "arid call it," said old Wechs
ler to himself, in his peculiar, facetious
way so renowned in Wall street, "the
Turpentine Horse Hotel, In honor of
Sharpe." And so his 5000 shaies were
Bdd by E. Halford,' who had the order
from Herzog, Wertheim & Co., who re
ceived it from Wechsler. It was short
selling, of course.
Total breach of -faith, 15,000 shares.
Now; that very evening Bob Lind
heirn's extremely handsome wife want
ed a necklace, and wanted it at once;
also she wanted it of filbert sized dia
monds. Lindheim, to his everlasting
credit, remonstrated and told her:
"Waif until the pool realizes, sweet
heart. I don't know 'at ''what price that
will be, for Sharpe says nothing. But
I know that we'll all make something
handsome, and so will you. I'll give
you 500 shares at 30.' There."
shfcres! > Greehbaum's breach of faith
had grown from a relatively" small lot
of ; 2000' shares . to five .times thnt
amount:- It was to all appearances
short stock', and it was duly "borrow
ed" by! young Sohiff . It was : advisable
that it should so appear. : In the first
place no member, of the pool could sup
•nly\the. stock which he held, "because
Sharpe could trace, the- selling to the
oflice, as ; he. had the numbers of the
stock certificates. : ' ¦ "¦' .
-:¦ Isidore; Wechsjer. /who' ; held 14,000
shares, <Avas ; suffering f rom _ a . bad liver
the s«me day;that Greenbaum was suf
fering} from; hothing at all, not even a
cdnscience".*^ A art
"^ypuld^-be'; gold 'fit auction that week',
and ; bej^plt J , sj}ir^ JhUrj.v.lj$g'ar friend, Abe
Wolff .rv'o'uld * ; puy>"aJVpuple , of excep
tionally Ifine, Trbyqns^and a"'.world-f am -
ous'CorQtVnjere.ly-to';get 'his name in the
papers^ jvfl'f'i^xT'.';^:'/.*?-'
" .'Turp,* ? €2; 7-8.*.'" .said his nephew,
who' was standing : by'jthe ticker.
1 Th<in old : Wechsltr had; an Idea. If
he 'sold 2C00 shares ot Turpentine at 62
or fi3,: he, would have enough to buy the
best. ten. 'canvasesQf'the.collection. His
naine^-andvth'e' amounts paid— would
grkc^.the' "columns of the papers. What
was. 3000' shares, or eveo. 4000 shares,
when Kharpe had made such a big,
broad 'market for -the stock?
' Mr. 'Sharpe sent a peremptory mes
sage to Greenbaum, Lazarus & Co., I.
& /M. Wechsler, Morris Steinf elder's
Sons, Reis & Stern, Kohn, Fischel &
Co.; Silberman & Lindheim, Rosenthal,
Shaffran & Co. and Zeman Bros. It
was the same message to all:
"Send me at once all your Turpen
tine stock." .
There was consternation and dismay,
also' admiration and self-congratula
tion, nmonK the recipients of the mes
sage. "They would' have to buy back In
the open market the stock, they sold a
few days before. It would mean losses
on the treasonable transactions of fully
a quarter of a million, but the pool
"stood, to win", simply fabulous sums,
if Sharp? did his duty. ,
There were some large blocks of stock
for sale at 66. but, Sharpe's' brokers
cleared the figures with a fierce, irre
sistible rush, whooping exultantly.' The
genuine short interest was simply
panic-stricken, and atop It all there
came orders to buy an aggregate of
31.400 I \ shares— orders from Messrs. .
Greenbaum, Wechsler, Lindheim, Steln
felder, Rels, Fischel, Shaffran and Ze
man. The stock rose grandly ori-thelr
buying 4000 shares at. 66, 2200 at 66%,
700 at,67%, 1200'at 68,3200 at 69%. 2000
at 70,' 5700 at 70V4, 1200 at 72. Total,
31,400 shares bought in by the "Skin?in
dicate." Total, 31,400 shares sold ibjjp,
Samuel Wimbleton. Sharpe to his own / K
associates in the great Turpentine pool/' !
In all he found buyers for 41,700 shares
that day,, but It , had ; taken purchases
ot" exactly. . 21,100 to '"stampede the
shorts',' earlier in, the day, and In-ad
dition he held 17,800 ' shares acquired
in the course of his bull manipulations
which had not been ; disposed of when
he discovered the breach of faith, so
that/ at the day's close he found him
self .not '.only without a share of stock
manipulatlyely purchased^ but "short"
for his personal' account of 2800 shares.
Oh the next day '.came the "second
chapter "of the big Turpentine deal.
Mr. Sharpe, having received the pool's
114,400 shares, divided it into three lots
—40,000 shares, 60,000 shares and. 24,400
shares. • The market had held fairly
strong, but >the lynx-eyed room trad
ers failed to I perceive ( - the usual' "sup
port"- in "."Turp,". and began -.to ' sell ; it
in order to make, sure.
Slowly. the price began to yield. .-All ::.,
that wa's rieeded ! .was. a leader.
upon^ Mr. Sharpe 'took the' first; lot -of
the "C.PGol ; > • stoek-^O.OOO r* shares^and :
hurled* it": full • at 'the* market ;S The im
pact /was "'terrible; the execution ap-
Then Sharp* called in all the stock
his brokers were loaning to the shorts
and he himself began to borrow it.
This, together with the legitimate re
quirements of the 'big. short interest,
created a demand so greatly in excess
of the supply that Turpentine loaned
at a sixty-fourth, at a thirty-second, at
an' eighth and finally at a quarter pre
mium over night. It meant that the
shorts had either to cover or to pay $25
per diem for the use of each 100 shares
of stock they borrowed. On the 31,400
shares that the syndicate was borrow
ing It meant an expense of nearly $8000
a day, and in addition the stock was
rising in price. The. shorts were losing
at the rate of many thousands a min
ute. There was no telling where the
end would be, but it certainly looked
Etormy for both the real and fictitious
shorts.
" By seemingly reckless plunging pur
chases he started the stock rushing
upward with a vengeance-^-6-J, 64, 65, 66,
four points in as many minutes. The
'floor, of tho' Stock Exchange was*- the
scene' of the wildest excitement. The
market—why the market was simply
Turpentine. ' Everybody was buying
it. and everybody was wondering how
high it would go. Greenbaum and the
other .}seven included. ItMobk'ed as if
the stock had resumed its triumphant
march to. par. ~*k '''?:
quirfes and put four and four together
— four names and four other names.
He saw through the time-worn device
of the fictitious short selling. He knew
the only people who would dare to
sell such a large amount must be his
colleagues. He also was convinced
that their breach of faith was not a
concerted , effort, because if they had
discussed the matter they would have
sold a smaller ; quantity. He knew
where nearly every share of stock
was. It was his business to know
everything about it.
"Two." ho said to his secretary,
"may rlay at that game." And he be
gan to play.
Total $55,000,000
Actual worth of property.. .•. ..$12,800,000
Aqua pura $42,200,000
Pa5d to owners for forty-one distil
leries, representing 90 per cent of the
turpentine production (and 121 per cent
of the consuqsption:) of the United
States:
Cash from bond sales $S,9T5,9S3
Bonds 12.000,000
Stock ; 18,249.890
Total $39,225.7E3
Syndicate's commission, stock. $12,958,600
Retained in company's treas
ury, unissued 2,000,000
Expenses and discounts on
bonds, etc 7S5.717
Total ' $55,000,000
These figures were not for publica
tion. They told fhe exact truth. It re
mained for the syndicate to make a
¦"market."
bankrupt stills— seven of them. Then
be eecured options on nine others, the
tired-unto-death plants. Th,en the
banking house of Greenbaum, Lazarus
& Co. stepped in. Interested accom
plices, duped or coerced into selling
enough other distillers to aasure suc
cess, cajoled the more stubborn,
wheedled the more credulous, gave way
gracefully to the shrewder and gath
ered them all Into the fold. The Amer
ican Turpentine Company was formed
with a capital stock of $30,000,000. of
200,000 shares, at $100 each. The cash
needed to pay Greenbaum, Neustadt
and others who sold their plants for
"part cash and part stock" was pro
vided by an issue of $25,000,000 of 6 per
cent bonds, underwritten by a syndi
cate composed of Greenbaum, Lazarus
& Co.. L & S. Wechsler, Morris Steln
felder's Sons, Rels & Stern, Kohn, Fis
chel & Co., Siberman & Llndheim, Ro
ecnthal, Shaffran & Co. and Zeman
Brothers.
In due course of time the public sub
scribed for the greater part of the
$25,000,000 of bonds, and both bonds and
stock were "listed" on the New Tork
Stock Exchange — that is, they were
placed on the list of securities which
members may buy or sell on the "floor"
of the exchange.
Tabularly expressed, the syndicate's
operations were as follows:
Authorized stock $30,000,000
Authorized bonds 25.000,000
It is now quoted at 16 to IS. But it is
not readily vendible at that figure, nor.
Indeed, at '¦ any price. Opposition ' dis
tilleries are starting up in all the tur
pentine districts and the « trade outlook
is: gloomy. And the principal owners
of. the .'stock; of the American Turpen
tine "Company, holding among them no
less than 140,000 out of the entire Issuk
Of 300,000: unvendlble -shares, are-'.th'e
famous "Greenbaum * Syndicate." •
"Gentlemen and Greenbaum, you^all
know what I did for Turpentine on the
up-tack. Around 62 I began to strike
gf. me stock which I couldn't accoun:
for,. I knew none of you had any for
sale, of course, as you nad pledged me
your honorable words not to sell save
through me. But the stock kept com
ing out, even though the sellers bor
rowed against it, as if it were short
stock, and I began to fear I had met an
inexhaustible supply. It Is- -always
best on such occasions to act promptly,
and so after driving in the real shorts,
I sold out our stock. The average price
was 40. If it had not been for that
mysterious selling it would have been
f 0. After commissions and other legiti
mate pool expenses I find we have
made 9 points net, or $1,029,600, of
which 25 per cent, or $250,000. come3 to
me according to the agreement. It. is
too bad some people didn't ' know
enough to hold their stock for SO. But
there is so much stupidity in the dis
trict. I trust you are satisfied. In
view of the circumstances I am. Yes,
Indeed.' Good day, gentlemen; and you
too; Greenbaum, good day!"
s» Outside they compared notes, and in
'a burst of honesty they confessed.
Then, illogically enough, they cursed
Sharpe. The pool was not "ahead of
the game." ; They had so much more
stock on their hands than they desired
that in reality they were heavy losers.
And as time wore on they had to buy
more "Turp," and more "Turp," and
still more "Turp." They thought they
could emulate Sharr>e and rush the
price. up Irresistibly— at any rate up to
50. They declared a dividend of 2'per
cent oh : the" stock. But they could not
market .Turpentine. Again and 'again
they tried; and again and again they
failed. And each. time the failure was
worse,' because they had to take more
stock.
.Turpentine stock had declined fifty
points . in fifteen business hours. It
meant a shrinkage in the market value
of the company's capital stock of $15,
000,000. The shrinkage in the self-es
teem of some of the pool was measur
able only in billions.
Sharpe notified his associates that the
pool had- completely realized — 1. e., had
sold out— and that he would be pleased
to meet them at his office. on Monday —
this was Thursday— at, 11 a. m., when
he would have checks and an account-
Ing ready for them. He refused him
self 'to Greenbaum, Wechsler, Zeman,
Shaffran and others who called to see
what could be' done to save their repu
tations from the wreck of Turpentine.
The stalwart private secretary ; told
them that Mr. Sharpe was out of town.
He was a very polite man was the sec
retary, and an amateur borer of great
proficiency;. - ¦'-v<{ \ • . ¦
Failing to find Sharpe, they hastily
organized a new pool, of a self-protec
tive character, and sent, in "support
ing" orders. They were obliged to take
large quantities of stock that day and
the next in order to prevent a worse
smash, which would hurt them In other
directions. They found themselves with
more than 50,000 shares on their hands
and the price was only 26 to 28. And
merely to try to sell the stock at that
time threatened to start a fresh Tur
pentine panic. : _
They met Sharpe on Monday. His
speech was not so short as usual. . He
had previously sent to each t man an
envelope containing a check and a
statement, and now he said In a mat
ter of fact tone:
"Somebody has been selling on us. I
don't know who. I wish I. did. I was
afraid j 1 might have to take 100,000
shares more, so I Just sold as much as
I : could. I've marketed most of the
pool's stoc'k. If it had not been for tb«
Jag of stock I struck around 60 and 62
Turpentine would be selling at S3 to 90
to-day. Come again next week, Green
baum, and keep cool. Did you ever
know me to fall? Good-by, Greenbaum.
and don't raise your voice when you
speak to me." -.Vv
"This has gone too far,** said Green
baum, hotly. "You must give me an
explanation, or by heaven I'll—" .
VGreenbaum," said Mr. Sharpe in 'a
listless voice, "don't get excited. Good
by, Greenbaum. Be virtuous and you
will be happy." And he resumed his
caged- tiger pacing up and down his of
fice.' As by. magic Mr. Sharpe's burly
private secretary approached and said,
"This way, Mr. Greenbaum," and led
the dazed trust maker from the office.
The next day Mr. Sharpe simply
poured the remaining 25,000 shares of
the pool's stock on the market as one
pours water from a pitcher into a cup.
The bears had it all their own way.
Everybody was selling because some
body had started a rumor that the
courts had- dissolved the company' for
gross violation of the anti-trust law
and that a receiver had been appointed.
Having sold out the last, of the pool's
stock Mr. Sharpe "took in" at $22 a
share the 2800 shares which he had pot
out at 572, a total profit on- his small
"line" of $140,000. . -¦ ; ; ~ r "
"What's the matter?'.' he asked an
grily. "What are you doing to,Turpen
tine?"
Sharpe looked him full in the face,
but his voice .was even and emotionless
as he replied: ¦ v
turn when the market misbehaves
Itself. >•
IN the beginning of the beginning
the distillers of turpentine carried
competition to the Quarreling point.
It was Alfred Neustadt, a banker
In a famoua turpentine district, wh«
first called hla brother-in-law's atten
tion to the pitiable sight. Jacob Green
baum'e eoul thrilled during Neustadt'i
recital. He decided to form a turpentina
trust.
First he bought for a song all the
THE SAN v FRANGISCOtaSUNDAY, GALL.
less .wonderful because, utterly untrue.
At 6<T the . street^ thought 'there really
must be something I behind ] the; mover
ment,' for no. mere ': manipulation^ could
put up ; the price .thirty points ; in Va
month's?; time, v whlch shows'- what r : a
wonderful ar^st Sharpe ¦ wa«.' And, the
people began to look. curiously and?ad
miringly> and enviously and in \ many
other ways at "Jakey" Greenbaum and
his accomplices, and to accuse them of
having intentionally kept down the
wlnk. "It'i! ', short selling by , him, do
you "understand?". ¦"•'¦; ¦• . -,.
"Do"; I ? I Well,* I ? gruess. ! I'll . fix ) that
part OJ K.," said;ydung Lazarus com
placently.;"'; He : thought he T would cover
Greenbaum's; tracks; so; well as to 'de
ceive* everybody,! including "that highly
disagreeable ; man,*:' Samuel .Wimbleton
Sharpe. He; felt so confident, so elated,
did the young! man, r that: when he gave
the order to-his friend and' clubmate,
Willie Schiff, he raised It to 10,000
Sharpe,..'ehdeavorinir to; realize on the
remainder {of his manipulative pur
chases, found that "some one had been
there before him."
An accurate -list of • the' buyers and
sellers was sent in-T every day by, his
lieutenants, for all ¦ but the most skill
ful operators Invariably betray them
selves when they attempt to sell a; big
bunch of stock. ,He scanned It- very
carefully now,, and. put two and two
together; -and he made certain in-
palling. N The market reeled crazlly.
The stock, which after selling up to
72%, had "closed" on the previous day
at 71%, dropped -twenty/ points and
clbsea,at W. V (
On the next day he ,6*red ; by, > volleys
50,000 shares more at the market. The
stock sank to 41%. Such a break wu
almost unprecedented. !/ '
Greenbaum rushed to Sharpe's office.
The terrible break gave him courage to
do anything. A Wall street worm will
THE
BREAK IN
TURPENTINE
7(Copyright, 1 9 0 4 , by Albert Sonnich-*
sen.)
The . Aloha , was gone . for - almost , a
year. .'.The usual reports -.of her safe
arrival at ; Melbourne and Port Ade
laide ivere\cabled- by the underwriters,
but ¦beyond, that no news came to
'Frisco of Captain Larsen^ and his
crew for. a long time.
One day the rHawaiian. mail steamer
cairie /in? aind } the passengers aboard
told that the 'Alpha had breached Hono
lulu.- But more astonishing; was . the
report"' that she still retained; the • same
crew-: shipped in 'Frisco: ' . By this time
the , game ; put" up - , on : Captain Larsen
was common- knowledge among sea
faring; men all over the coast. But : the
laugh f seemed to be turning on the Al
Black ¦ garigJ ' V=
"Then one i day the? signal /station; at
Fort Point" reported .the Alqha standing
in ; f or • the' Gate. The custom-house of
ficers started but • to ' riieet her in their
launch,^, Impatiently > anxious to ': learn
... i . . • . ¦ . _ . _
taking place. A confused mass of men
were surging about the deck, but dis
tance made it impossible to distinguish
just what; was taking place. Suddenly
the leee ciew of themairisail, which had
been raised to the; yard, came down on
the run, and hid the scene of trouble
from view^ • ,
• ?'Now,' he's getting it," chuckled Se
attle Mike.
Al Black seized the" glass gleefully.
"They'll be raising police signals
presently^" he remarked.
"Tes, or. squaring in for shore,"
"prophesied Mike.
-" But none of these things happened.
To the amazement of the two board
ing niasters, the foreyards of the bark
;were> suddenly braced up again -and
she" ploughed, on .. to the southward,
sending out long foam .whiskers -from
; hef cutwater. Smaller'and. smaller she
dwindled, until she' \vas hull down on
the • horizon, s beyond the Farallones.
Then Al Black and his companion arose
and returned -cityward;vmuch'.i p"erple_x- ;
ed : and -not well pleased. •
pony up same's the rest of 'em."
"You bet," added Al- Black, drinking
his beer with a dark frown, "we doesn't
stand no foolin'."
Captain Larsen's mild blue eyes, wan
dered wearily about the dingy office.
"Twenty dollars shipping fee is too
much," he protested meekly. "I am will
ing to gif the men a month's advance,
but I von't gif;you more dan 52 apiece
as shipping fee. Dat is choost vat de
law allows."
"Two dollars!", snorted Al Black sav
agely. "We* say 520, and we mean it.
If you don't come up with that price,
you "get no men." - - "¦-.-.
But they came to "no agreement. -.The
Aloha's skipper returned aboard with a
war ugalnst the Boarding Masters' As
sociation on his. hands. . : . ,
Next day • he" opened negotiations
with Chinese Charley for a crew of Ka
nakas arid r Chinamen.- The United
Boarding "Masters smiled— that meant
trouble for Captain' Larsen > with the
union. ,For a while, they decided to let
it go at that, but Seattle Mike con
ceived a plan whereby they might have
even a more' complete revenge. This he
at once communicated v to his associates
and they grinned more .broadly than
ever. It was. a game they had played
before, and always- successfully. Per
haps you have heard of the. mutiny, of
the Harvesters -. .• ,-. . ••;
Next day they sent a note to Captain
Larsen stating that they acceded to his
terms-^-a . month's advance - for . "each
man. - "Anda nice' Christian crew we'll
send you," added the note. ]
."We'll- give him Three- Fingered Jack
for bos'n," chuckled Seattle .Mftte sig
nificantly, and the idea sent^ the beer
down Al Black's wrong throat. ¦/>* - ;
"An*. Lager Beer Pete,", suggested :A1
Black, when . he recovered. "He* gets
out of choky. to-morrow;' an' ; we'll give
him* six chaps off the Sioux Queen, 'an*
Bill Simmons and Big Steve."
-.-Whereupon, the two plotters chuckled
immoderately •;', over, tlielr.; b'eer.v and
nudged each' either in 'joyful f'aritlcipaU
tion of what a shore person would con
sider a ghastly^ Joke.f ': - ' , : ']: \\ ¦? ',v'--
Next day the new crew of thsi^loha
went aboard — sixteen riotorious* ruf
fians. Tris Olafsen, {'the. "Aioha'sf chief
mate, received them, at .the gangway.
Olafsen had been -on the coast a. long
time, and he knew.; "most of the men.
Perhaps he even : then realized: the
game that was being played on his
commander, but'if ' he- did, his stolid,
high cheekboned face •betrayed no in
dication of .the -discovery. -. V . <
. That afternoon the JAloha^ was towed
out . to sea. '. On;. the -/glass - covered
veranda' of ? the; Cliff ; House/, overlook
ing; Seal Bofck {and'/the: Golden Gate,
sat two men, sipping, b'raiidy; and soda.
Taking " tpins through^a brass blhbcu
lar, the:*- vvere" watching Jth'e> Aloha set
saiL\ I ' '¦';.;{ ,'.• ''.- li'r , '¦ '\~- : '~-
.'.'They'll never ..get N bey6nd i. the
Farallones," remarked Mike,- as
the big topsails of the Aloha ..were being
sheeted home. .-:.•>;;'- '.'¦< ' V V-
The tug-had. left her, and alone she
ducked to the bigjblue incofriirig roliers.
One by one her white sails were loosed
and bellied out to the ¦• northwesterly
breeze, driving ¦ her -through the water
at Increasing-speed. -the ; square
sails \vere. set; then, one by; one,- arose
the, topsails. The two boarding masters
watched them with keen interest. . ~\
¦"Why fell don't .those ; fellers -begin
the fun ?" growled • Al V Black, irritably.
His companion. took, trie binocular. •
' '.'They're at : it!" .exclaimed Seattle
Mide suddenly. "The ball is ¦ openin'
Up!" • lV/*.'; • •;' -< ¦ ¦ ; ' \-_
Aboard the/ Aloha strange ?. things
were happening." Her; foreyards,' braced
up on the starboard tack, swung loose,
swaying uritil;*the wind had - them
aback. Through; the ' binocular Seattle
Mike made out ; figures on*, deck in
lent commotion. f ; The i poop ¦ was . cleatr,
but amldshipsVsome great- event '.was
-"I say, Jack, what happened?" he
asked. "Didn't you everlastingly
bombast him?" -^ .
r "You're a child of wrath," retorted
Jack,' indignantly. "We've learned the
ways of the meek and lowly, thanks to
our noble caDtain."
"Ohi come off!" exclaimed the reve
nue man, impatiently. : "Don't come
any of that guff on me. K- What hap
pened?" - i -' / '
• "Go soak yer head," responded Jack,
with a return of: his old-time manner.
"Ye want to know more than what's
good for ye." v '¦ ¦ • '
And that was all the information
that was forthcoming. Big Trig Olaf
son smiled significantly .as the board
ing house runners boarded in the bay,
and the crew refused to have anything
to do with them. '. The Aloha dropped
anchor off Mission Flat,* arid with sea
manlike promptness the men j furled
sails and cleared up decks.
. "The Lord loveth those /who are in
dustrious,", said the . skipper, with
pious meekness, to the harbor officials
about him on the poop. • • -
.-.That evening Seattle Mike and \A\
Black - sat impatiently 'smoking big,
black • cigars in the ; latter's establish
ment on i Pacific street They were
'waiting ' for the : appearance ;.of the
the state of affairs aboard. They, too,
were on to the game.
They boarded the Aloha a few miles
off shore. Captain Larsen received
them at the gangway with his habit
ual Christian smile and mild blue
eyes. But when the inspectors be
held Three Fingered Jack; Lager Beer
Pete, Big Steve, and their equally no
torious shipmates briskly pulling in
b rapes, ye-ho-lng and clewing up sails
in as orderly and shipshape a man
ner as ever obtained aboard a man-o'
war, they swore aloud in their amaze
ment. Finally one of the Inspectors
got Three Fingered Jack aside for a
moment. --
+ _ —:*^
TO be familiar with maritime' af
fairs on the Pacific Coast means
that vou have heard of the Ha
waiian bark Aloha. The Aloha
has had many commanders, but
It Is not worth while to burden -your
memory with any of their names ex
cept that of Captain Eric Larsen. who.
I believe, sailed her until annexation
brought her under American colors.
Captain Larsen's name will be handed
down to local fame for many years to
come. When a master mariner has a
reputation it means that he is either a
most extraordinarily good seaman and
has a k«?en ncse for fair winds, or that
he doc& things aboard ship not pleas
ant for decea*. shore-abiding people to
contemp!ate.
Captain Larsen's reputation was an
exception; it was not especially due
to either of these causes. His fame
was gained by his power to convert the
wicked of heart to the true course of
righteousness.
Previous to Captain Larsen's advent
on the Pacific Coast as mate of a largci.
British four-master the Aloha had •
been commanded by a bold, hard- "
handed Irishman, who divided his
time at sea between drinking whisky
&nd committing assault and battery on
his sailors. This latter pastime of his
made life miserable to the Marine Hos
pital officials in San Francisco and
Honolulu whenever the Aloha put fnto
those Dorts. That sort of thing went
a rood ways those days, when mari
time laws were vague and seldom en
forced, but finally the Aloha became
too notorious even for those parts and
the owners were obliged by public
opinion to remove Kanaka Hogan from
his command. From one extreme they
went to another. To take his place
they . engaged the meek and gentle
Larsen . . '.-\
On the first trip he broke the Aloha's N
previous records between 'Frisco and
Melbourne, and that placed him in hlj?h
favor with the owners. But by his
brother commanders of other ships
Captain Larsen was regarded with bu-
be well received by West Coast skip
pers. That a nailorman should declare
whisky and swearing wicked was, to
their minds, nothing short of .treach
ery to the brotherhood of seamen.
In San Francisco Captain Larsen's
piousness proved equally objection
able. He always insisted that the
boarding masters send him Christian,
God-fearing seamen who never swore,
and would not object to prayer meet
ings in the dog watches. Such men
were naturally scarce, but bo long as
the Aloha's owners stood. good for the
large shipping fees, they tried to hu
mor the eccentric Norwegian skipper.
Those were the days of blood money.
But one day there came a change of
management in the office of the Aloha's
owners, . and. among other things in
volved, Captain Larsen must, hence
forth manage the financial part of ship
ping his crews himself. That was- the
cause . of the trouble. The religious
scruples of Captain Larsen- arid .blood
money fees wouldn't mix in the 'same
pot. . • - ¦- .... . - x .
.In those, days the boarding : masters
of Frisco stuck together as thick as
thieves, and the shipping commission
era stood in with them.- -AH this was
for mutual benefit. Any- skipper -that
refused to put up. their price brought
upon himself their united displeasure,
and that was something no sane skip
per ever cared to: do. -Then it was
usually to a skipper's advantage in a
financial way to stand- in with the
boarding masters;. it was another case
of mutual benefit.
But Captain 'Larsen- conceived ;the
idea that blood • money/ did not chime
in with the moral scheme .of ~ things,
so he cave voice to that opinion Just
about as he voiced' his testimonies on
the street corners of Honolulu."'
He met Seattle Mike and Al Black,
president and shipping, master^ of -the
Boarding Masters'. Association, in their
office partitioned. off in the" Fair Winds
saloon. -
-"Two . months' ~ advance for "each
man," demanded, Seattle. Mike. >.. "Just
$40— twenty tor us and twenty, to^square
up the men's accounts. ' You've' got to
tionists. .
To the popular disgust he would
sometimes step forward to deliver his
testimony; bashfully .at first, later
warming up enthusiastically, exhorting
the scandalized seamen to mend the|r
ways and be saved. He invariably Se
gan thus:
"Dearly belofed bredern and ship-'
mates: It is almost impossible to ex
press de joy of true salvation. I haf
never been so happy as since I found
Jesus. Vunce I vas a bad man, far from
de road of righteousness. Vunce I
drink visky and use bad lanvidge, and
vas not good to my sailors, but now,
tank der Lord, I have found salvation,
and I don't be so vicked any more."
Naturally, such sentiments could not
sen.
When the Aloha lay loading or dis*
charging in Honolulu Captain Larsen
spent his evenings ashore at Salvation
Army headquarters, ' and he even
joined the red-shirttd soldiers of Christ
in their street corner demonstrations.
There the seafaring population of Hon
olulu would often behold the A'.oha's
skipper, his bare head and broad shoul
ders towerins above his fellow Salva-
preme contempt. A religious master
mariner is never respected, more espe
cially if he belongs to the Salvation
Army, as did the good and pious Lar-
The st^ry \ of. how the
boarding- house iriinps
of San yFjt-aiicisco at
tempted^ >to, - revenue
themsely^sv ; upOii ' the
pious -captain of. .. the
Hawaiian; bark ' ilolia.
who had .refused" to
pay bl^d;jnoiieX^-- : r t i hey
gathered*- ; ; i ogetlier ;"\ a
crew of Notorious West
Coastvrufiiaup and }wLin
ed theiir Sf on tlie unsus
pecting skipper as Chris
tian sailers— A utic (pat
ing a fight aboard as
soon as tJie -slijirl^ftport.
the boarding • masters
watch^ her depart fro'm
the Cliff House, expect
ing tosee?ljer put ba£k In
distress— -But the
sails oii'aiid is; goiie~ a
year — Upon r her return
seafaring San Praiicis
cans are « astounded ' t o
find the original-ruffian
crew aboard. \ very ; meek : 5
and subdued. .." :'\ : ¦
kindrfatherly.or. skipper, Al," he con
tinue^, "an* we "want ye to repent. It
was*1a 'sin, Al.'to work off a lot of
wicked, " worldly men like us on that
kind ol' man. "But," thank the Lord,
he- showed us the - sinf ulness of our
¦way,' just'as we're goln* to show you."
."What /damned rot is this?" broke in
Al Black, purple with rage. "What fell
'd'ye mean, ye drunken swabs?"
4 "Hear the child of wrath." said Jack,
piously. "Boys, the time for the Lord's
vengeance has come."
The bos'n kicked back his chair, and
as though this were a signal all hands
sprang up, and in a moment the room
was in a savage turmoil, In the center
of which were Seattle Mike and Al
Black. Both of tl-e crimps drew re
volvers, but their weapons were hurled
acros3 the room before they could use
them. Down the two went under the
feet of the mpb, fighting fiercely. The
bartender and two runners attempted
to help them, but the first went down
with a split scalp and the other two
were trampled insensible In a second.
Next the infuriated sailors dragged the
two boarding masters into the kitchen,
where they ducked their heads Into the
dishwasher's tub, full to the. brim.
DishesC pots, pans and even the lamps
were piled on top of them and scattered
over the floor. Shattering glass and
trampling feet raised a most unearthly
ro".
Ducked into Insensibility, the two
boarding masters were then dragged
into the barroom, which was wrecked
in a similar manner. There would
certainly have been murder done /had
not a squad of police burst in the front
door just then and charged the drink
crazed ; sailors. Most of them were
rounded up after a desperate fight and
hauled off to the police station, but
not until a squad of reserves had re
enforced the original patrol. Al Black,
Seattle Mike and the bartender were
taken to the hospital.
Next day Captain Larsen appeared
at the police station and paid the fines.
"It griefs me," he said, as the men
followed him ' meekly . out Into the
street, "to find you in dls condition.
You haf given away to sinful wrath
again. Vat did you do to dem?"
"They're in the hospital," replied
Jack, with a sickly smile.
."Veil," continued the skipper, "in
dot 'case, ,1 cee de hand of de Lord,
who smiteth in His an.ger. 'Vengeance
is mine.' salth the Lord. You hav been
His instruments of vengeance, and so
shall be forgifen.
' "Say/ boys," dis afternoon I ship again
for, de next voyage. .You yant to sign
on . again,"
"Aye, aye, sir," they all responded.
Here'^Jack .-pushed -back, the long
hair from /over his forehead,* revealing
a long 'white • scar, -k ¦•"*'**.• •
"But*- ye- 1 slimed > against * that same
"Yea^'r conliRU^i •' Jj»ik, >"?we have
cometjUphefe tb^maki&iyoV. see the
sinfulness *of f yer.r Tray»y-.SWe've come
to oflter5.yevihev.8aiv|iti'On^ we got
through -you. ; - -Ye' onc'er/shipped us on
a craft , w,6t rye said would be a home
for usT^ Ye .told us*. the.- skipper was
a kindv^fatherlx./ oj; man"" .^ot would 4.
look well barter -'our •welfare.* He did.
He looked arter usVtfitf'right."
"Well, as: ye ask an explanation,"
he said, "I might as .well .tell.ye we've
come 'up here'to have a "few words
¦with you."
"That's '¦ tyhat— you^ Bet»" -broke in
several of the others'. ;.;? '.'?¦¦ .
There- 5 earned d hands
turned Itoward-\Thr4»e fingered Jack.
He arose;* shovirig"a way his 'drink.
"Boys," he ; said. Vising' and hitting
the table -vviUij^.'mife.. ? ff tllink it's up
to you to telt us"^half?th& devil all
this means. ; Did- yvTfsllera flunk out
there?"? : K ; K'H^t&g&t A
'Aloha'screw. 'The mystery must be
'solved.' ... ' ....*-.:.' v
v/'At/ab'ou^t 10* they showed up — the
er^ire sixteen^— all. more or less drunk,
with ThrSe Fingered Jack in the
lead.' , The", two'i boarding masters re
ceived thenv with/ sinister smiles of
welcome, barely concealing the Im
patience' 'and anger within them. They
Vere 'of cours^, too, tactful to broach
the jnain'auestion at once.
hands crowded about the long
table ';• arid v*Al 31ack's bartender was
kept busy" serving,' first beer, but later
whisky /and » rum. , .v^The men were
hilarious, ,-. noisy, apparently in excel
lent humo'ri but not ;a? f - word referring
to their' late Voyage^. came out. The
two masters . waxed 'more and more
impatient^, especially as the drinks
were as yet not being paid for. Much
against their wills they had been
obliged to' drink ' with '' the crowd.
Finally Ai : Black could' no longer con
tain hinjls61f."?He" determined to de
mand an' explanatiqnl*. ? '* ' .
In a recent article about the
brilliant career of .Albert Son
nichsen, the young author of this
series of deep-sea tales, there oc
curred the sentence. "Puffins
away at one of the biff cigars that
his Filipino wife -taught him to
love." That was a grievous and
to. Mr. Sonnichsen a very annoy
ing, typographical, error, and one
'. which ..The, Sunday Call, for the
young man's pe,ace of mind, takes
!pieasure"' in correcting. It should
have ?: read. " "His Filipino life
•taught' . him 'to love," etc. Mr.
¦ Sonnichsen is not even married,
miiclrles3 being the husband of a
t Filipjno; womin. :
THE SAN' FRANCISCO SUNDAYcXALU:
8
CAPTAIN LARSEN
OTHER TALKno_textDrown, not yellow enough to look out of
place upon a dark cloth gown.
"Let me show you an Alexandrine
yoke," said the modiste. "We some
times call ft a yoke collar. It is not
adjustable, but must be made upon the
gown. Its material is broadcloth."
Taking a diamond shaped yoke collar
of fine broadcloth, chiffon broadcloth it
is called, she pinned it to the shoulders
with Quick touches. One point was
fastened in the middle of the back and
the other two points were brought
down ove'r the shoulders and pinned
flat. The front was fastened under the
chin and held by a Jabot of real lace.
The effect was decidedly Victorian.
"I cojild give you the 1830 hips in very
much the same way," declared the mo
diste, "and in spite of the very full
skirts you would look taller and slen
derer.**
The Skirt? of the Spring.
The day of the skirt which hugs the
hips seem to be past, or rather the day.
of the skirts that are eel-skin right
down to the knees. Those who cannot
, wear skirts with fitted hips, with the
fullness all coming below.' ., \f
There are skirts . made of voile, ; ex- '
quisite things, and skirts made of can- •*-
vas weaves, too lovely ;f oF' any thing;
with i gathered hips and long, flowing
lines that are the very culmination'- of
poetry. . ••
To make a skirt hang Just. as'Sit '•
should hang is the problem of ; the
dressmaker and, no matter how ; clever, .
she may be,, she realizes her/resppnsl-'^
. bility. OneN; subterfuge and a ''.pretty i?
one, is .that of building a, skirt with '
slot seams. The skirt is box plaited and,.;
' the plaits are ' inverted. These -- are '
stitched in the popular Blot-seam 'style.
"And the "slots" are/ left; open to' the . .'
hips. They are stitched tight , at the :;
belt line, but are opened Just below, the :
hips. • This makes the; skirt very/f ull : t i
and it falls away in very long and very i
1 graceful lines. ' "' t • .. ' .'}:', : -. '
:S- Another subterfuge Is one that might; ;
- be « called no .subterfuge ' at all. \ The . i
sltlrt. ia. fitted ttiehtlv atfihft'hinsi.' hnk-i
Is: then cut ; ln*/such' a * manner '.that -it*
suddenly :* becomes'" very, "wide .fall " the
way; around. '.This is "the Eugenie skirt,
which is quite as full inthe front-asln
the*'; back and '? very,*, f ullV. also ''on (the
/^• ; ¦'•¦-¦ ¦ . : ". ' ..• ; x ' : ' '. ." ¦ ¦•
•iThe straight eight-gored skirt is ideal
for the ; youngjgirl, , f or < the ; debutante
and ' for;, the - slender .woman. j^It ; is • also
good i upon* all { women .who arj | shapely.
It ; i«.' also * made with eight gores^'all
very"; lone and ¦ all ,venr straieht. It Is a
—^^__Z~S>. A F. Mademoiselle
'Tfcf^^r^^Iia uishes " be San the
•I^iakra^ ¦ ¦! " Pait3 °n. Monsieur,
MwiftwS * am iadame Mon-
Uk\^Sj§/fi£a tresor ." interrupted
the young woman.
asg^^^^&ssa ' "if M ad a m e
wishes," corrected the clerk, "I am
sure that M. Grigon would allow the
buckle to be sent to the hotel, cer
tainly, yes."
"But I do not wish him to send it
to the hotel," replied Madame Mon
tresor, "I will cull again to-morrow, '
and then, perhaps, M. Grigon may be
in." -
"We thank you," said the clerk.
Madame Montresor left the jewelry
shop in the Rue Scribe and walked
slowly until she met at the next corner
a man who bowed gravely to her and
fell easilylnto step at-her side.
"He was not there," remarked Ma
dame, briefly.
"Too bad," said the man. "Another
day lost." . •
"Yes," saldMadame, "and it is ex
pensive, this stiu-ing at. the Hotel Ritz.
"How much is left now?"
.. "About two thousand francs."
"Well, that's enough for another
weeV," mused Madame, as she and her
companion wulked toward the hote"!.
The following day Madame .Mon
tresor and the man walked into Gri
gon's shop again. The^clerk who harl
waited upon her came forward. "M. .
Grigon is within," he said.
¦••* M. Grigon stepped forward. "What
would it be that you- wish?" , he in
quired.
. Then he looked at the young wo-,
nian. The man who had accompanied
her strolled toward the door and stood
swinging his walking stick.
"My father." ) began Madame, "Herr
Rudolph Richter, wishes me; to select
the ; gift which he proposes for my
bithiday. Yesterda;' your, assistant was
good enough to show to me a diamond
buckle which would' please me."
Grigon stared at her again. Her eyes
dropped, and a faint flush came into
her cheeks under 'the steady gaze.
' "Would.it be the Uurmah buckle?"
asked Grigon, finally. • - .
"Perhaps. The t man did not say."
replied Madame.
Grigon turned to a huge safe and
1 took > from : it a tray : containing. gems
which an expert would have valued at
more than one fortune.
"That is ; the one." . said Madame,
; pointing to the most beautiful piece in
the tray.: t - v • .
r ."That is the Burmah buckle," said
Grigon;
"'. "And its: price?" inquired Madame-
r "Eighty thousand francs," '..-. said.
Grigon.-
Madame nicked ud . the , buckle and
* - - -r i ilnilMiliiil
held It to her throat. "Is it well,
there?" she asked, and her glance fell
straight into the eyes of , Grigon.
"Adorable," said the • Frenchman.
"To-morrow," continued Madame,
"is my birthday — the first since the
death of my husband — and my father
desires to give me what ¦ I like best.
Now, If Monsieur would be good
enough to bring the buckle to the
hotel to-night I have no doubt that
Herr Richter will purchase it from
him."
That evening Grigon went to the
Hotel Ritz. Herr Richter appeared,
saying that his daughter was in the
garden. With Grigon he went in
search of her.
They found her in the balcony.
Grigon seated himself beside her, and
Herr Richter walked away.
Grigon took the wonderful gems
from the case. "I do not know,", he
began, "if Madame understands love
at first sight. She has had the good
ness to tell me that she has been but
recently made a widow, through the
unfortunate death of her husband. I
have seen Madame driving in the Bols
these many days, but until yesterday
when she came to my shop I had not
know how much I loved T - her. If
Madame will deign to show me the
favor of hoping that I may ask her
to be my wife, then she will accept
from me the Burmah buckle. In token
of her favor."
Madame looked at him wondering
ly: "Monsieur Is good," she said.
Grigon laid the buckle in her hand.
"It shall be as Madame wishes," he
said. He bowed and bade her good
night. On the veranda he met Herr
Richter. "I have asked your daughter
to be my wife," he tsaid, "and I have
left with her the Burmah buckle for
her birthday gift" " -
Richter .went back tb the balcony.
Madame held up the buckle for him
to see.
"That was easier than stealing it "
he said, briefly.
Then he continued, "What will you
do? Shall we take the midnight train
for Berlin?"
' -" <No she ,: repIied ' " J shall marry
him. Then I shall give the gems to
you.".
A month later Grl go n ( and Madame
Montresor were married. She wore
the Burmah buckle at her throat. The
following day the papers told how
Madame Grigon had been' robbed of
her, jewels, and later in Berlin the
jewelers were buying unset gems of
great value from a man who would
have been recognized Jr. the Rue
Scribe as, Herr Richter. the father of
Madame Montresor. 1 y
But Grigon. had more gems, and he
told his wife that the loss of the;huckle
should-be replaced on her next birth
day flBBBHHBMfiB
By Henri Drouan
LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT
There is no doubt that the three-piece
suit will be the suit of spring. And this
means the return of th Eton. The
three-quarter coat will continue to be
•worn, and, for outing occasions, there
•will be the very long coat. And there
will also be the reefer, the little basque
coat and the corset coats and wraps.
But the Eton will be the coat of the
year.
And the majority of women will hail
its return with much joy. The Eton is
a coat whioh is becoming to the great
majority of women. It fits well and it
gives an opportunity for the display of
a handrome blouse waist. It also al
lows a woman to preFerve her belt line,
and .10 self-respecting woman is dead
to the great advantage which lies in the
preservation of the lines of the belt.
With the coming of the Eton there
has come a revival of the girdle, and
girdles of all etyles and shapes will be
a arn this year. Neither the Eton nor
the girdle is new, hut with their present
revival both of them will show new va
rieties which will make them seem
novel.
Girdles that are as wide as six or
eight inches and which come actually
? o the under arm seams arc fastened in
front to a wide though slender buckle
and are finished v.ith little tabs which
hang down In very pretty fashion.
You can make or break your reputa
tion for fashion by the way you trim
your giidle In the back. You can make
it a pla.'n and rather old-time affair
which merits not the second glimpse, or
you can make it a very nice thing
trimmed with long wedge shaped tabs,
upon which the handsomest buttons
of tha year are liberally displayed.
One of these girdles, which is to fall
fft the back of the ekirt in handsome
lengths, has* tabs that are embroidered
and trimmed with Persian bands In al
ternate rows. Lace Insets appear here
and there and the girdle is finally fin
ished with a very deep fringe, which
sets off the rather plain skirt very
handsomely in the back.
And what a holiday it Is to be far
The Three- Piece Suit-
will be charmingly set off by,
sa*y. a ligrht spring tone, developed in a
light spring material," and the man
dressmaker bowed Etill lower.
The place was New York, and the
scene a very fashionable dressmaking
establishment for women. It was one
of those spots which are Bometimes
playfully called "Lenten retreats." for
it is here that fashionable women flee
at the beginning of Lent to spend the
dull social days selecting gowns for the
next season.
And, if beauty bears any relation to
goodness — and who can deny it? —
there is abundant excuse for the little
.recursion, for nothing prettier could
possibly be imagined than the interior
of a fashionable shop during Lent.
"There is only cne thing in the world
better than Paris," said the New York
woman, sighing enviously as she looked
at the rheer stuffs, "and that Is the in
terior of a handsome American estab
lishment, for ovec here they have at
tractions which even the Parisian
dressmakers do not have."
"I can suit madame," continued the
man dressmaker, spreading out a beau
tiful banana colered voile, "for she
tfkould wear a suit of this description.
Madame is dark, rather slight, not too
tall and very well shaped. Madame
would look lovely In this."
The suit in question was of a light
banana, not yellow enough to be warm
when the July days come, nor too light
for serviceability. Its material was. a
durable quality of voile, one of those
voiles which wear like cashmere and
can be actually washed and made over
•when one is tired of the original style.
The suit was a "three-piece suit," as
the dressmaker indicated, and was
made with an 1830 skirt, with a lace
blouse and an Eton jacket. It was
trimmed with bands of Persian em
broidery, and the lace blouse waB dyed
a brown color to match the principal
tone in the embroidery.
*J*t THREE-PIECE suit by all
f | means, madame," and the gen
( I tlcmanly dressmaker bowed low.
X •"Madame has a figure which
By Augusta Prescott.
Lovely Spring Crea
tions That Are an Im
provement TJpoii Paris
Dresses and Upon Which,
the French Xodistes
Look With Envy—Beau
tiful Etons for Women
Who Like the iSnng. Lit
tle Coat and the Amiable
Three-Quarter Cloak for
Women Who Are Kegal
in Style— The Dress
Which Queen Alexandra
Will Wear to the Derby.
The 3Jrs. Bradley-Martin
Collar.
"Now," said she, pulling the collar
down over the shoulders until it nearly
touched the elbc/ws, "you will see your
1830 lines."
The woman looked at herself In
amazjment Her throat which had ap
peared short was suddenly . grown lon
ger and her shoulders which had al
ways been hunched up were now of the
correct slope. "Wonderful, wonderful."
was all she could say.
The lace collar which wrought this
transformation was not a black collar
nor a white one. The latter is only for
elender figures and the former only for
those who dress in black. But it was a
collar of lace in a soft shade of wood
Ruchlngs of all kinds are impressed
into the service and lingerie cuffs are
springing up on every hand. They are
very easily adjusted, for the old cuff is
not removed and the lingerie ruffles
are put on over the shirt waist cuff,
not inside of it, as was formerly the
custom. "•'¦*'<¦¦
The 1830 Tendencies and Lines.
"Preserve your 1830 lines," advised
a modiste to a woman who is rather
stout. "They will help you wonder
fully." , ; V -
"And how shall I do it?" asked the
•Jady, surveying her ample proportions
In the full length mirror which had
been rather cruelly provided by the
modiste.
"Let me put a Mrs. Bradley Martin
collar around your neck," said the mo
diste, "and you will see what I mean."
Taking a very wide lace collar from
a drawer, she threw it around the
shoulders, of her patroness, securing it
at the throat with a very large round
pin of turquoise matrix.
One of the very pretty ways for the
home dressmaker to alter her old
Eton and make It new Is by means of
the cuffs. The sleeves may be built
upon unalterable lines, but the cuff?
can always be changed about a little.
The woman with plenty of money
will go to the sho^s and purchase a
pair, of lingerie cuffs costing about $5.
They will be In chiffon, knife pleated,
and there will be three ruffles, each a
little deeper than the cne above ft.
an'd In the chiffon there will be a tiny
thread of gold. These lingerie cuffs
will be slipped on over the cloth cuff3
of the Eton and will be tacked in
place. They will fall over the hand in
very pretty lace frills of the sort which
mark the Eton as being right up to
date.
The woman with a little real lace
on hand possesses an immense advan
tage over the woman who has no such
possession. Ready-made ruchlng can
be bordered with real lace, aa deep a3
one may possess, and this can be
Eliped on over the Eton cuff and se
cured in place so that it will fall in
swishy fashion over the hands.
the home dressmaker, she who can
make her own girdles, her own; stocks
and her own vests. With .dyed iace, tn
a shade of willow green, with bits of
colored .embroidery,, with inexpensive
jabots and with, a few Jace- frills she
can dress up her. tailor-made gown
into something which" looks suspi
ciously like an expensive, creatloni
It looks as though the day of th«»
full skirt had returned and as though
the vogue of the v.'ide skirt would con
tinue for some time. There is no dan
ger cf the crinoline and very little
danger that skirts will be stiffened to'
set out around the figure. The ten
dency is toward very l soft materials
which will droop gracefully, no mat
ter how full the skirt may be built.
The gown which Queen . Alexandra
will wear to the Derby t has been de
termined. It is a gun metal gray can-
"You take your hips ' and you shirr
them," so directed a seamstress to an
apprentice. The seamstress quoted is
in charge of a large sewing room at
the. top of a ; Fifth-avenue mansion,
where plain gowns ' are being made for
very fashionable mistresses to wear" at
Newport next summer. .; '
The material upon which the appren
tice was working was a gun metal
gray f oufard figured in blue. The skirt,
which was straight and fitted with
eight gores, had been "hung" and was
now being shirred around the hips. In
this case the shirrlngs were to be
what is known as rope shirrings, and
a great deal of material had been al
lowed for the insertion of the "rope."
Fashionable shirred, hip yokes are
lowered a little in the middle of the
front and raised In the back. This
gives a pretty dip which can be ac
centuated by "a dipping girdle, which
can be worn without a metal orna
ment.*'
"Scratch the gathers," sounded old
fashioned to modern ears,' when a mod
iste handed a skirt which she had just
fitted to a fashionable patron over to
one of her assistants. The skirt was
one which belonged to a cotton cheviot
shirt waist suit, and the gathers were
to.be literally scratched all around the
belt: Then the hips "were to be
strapped with a stitched band of the
goods. '.The material, which was light
in weight, was in a soft willow green,
-.with". pretty figures upon 'it.
.It was trimmed with bands of willow
green- linen. * -V-J>i
revival of the^day when skirts were
made 'by tearing- /off Just- so many
breadths ; of ' goods 'and sewing them
together up ,and down- the seams. • '
The skirt, after It 1 has been sewed to
gether as to the, seams, is attached to
a band arid is ¦.'.'hung." - The hanging
consists in making 'the skirt an inch
too Ions in- front and \ six inches too
long in the back, as a little seamstress
expressed It. * And then" in shirring .it
around the hips.; •.
' The ! Pretty : Hip 'Sliirrlncs.
Hip yokes with front panels at
tached,'which reach. down to the hem
of the gown.
Cloth yokes upon silk gowns, cloth
lattices upon foulards, cloth panels
upon taffeta dresses and trimmings
of cloth'upon all gowns of all weights,
from* chiffon and voile to the heavier
grades of brocade and velvet.
And there are full skirts, so full
as to hang in voluminous folds, with a
Grecian braided pattern upon the
skirt, so deftly arranged that the pat
tern-is preserved in spite of the full
ness of the skirt. . •
Curiously convoluted" braid/ inter
twined without losing its Grecian sim
plicity, yet making' a very nice trim
ming. • .
Exceedingly . decorative trimmings
of braid, put on in raised fashion,
stuffed and made to set out like em
broidery. ¦
The bottom of the, skirt, which is
extreme^' Ions, is trimmed with a
band, of Calcutta embroidery at least
elghteenlnches deep. It was a gift
to her: Majesty the Queen from Lady
Mary Curzon. ..Over this Indian >m
brdidery there is a lattice of new blue
ribbon, with the lattices very large
and very wide apart, so as not to kill
the colors of the embroidery.
; 'The. waist on< the blouse order,
rather., snug for a blouse, and trim
med around the belt with a deep band
of Indian embroidery covered with a
ribbon lattice. The great . melon
shaped sleeves" are • trimmed In the
same manner. A hat of gray straw,
trimmed with red flowers and a red
plume, will top this fetching costume.
Among the "things which are seen
this spring In London, some of them
from India, some from Paris and some
from the Asiatic coast, are deep col
lars of Oriental embroidery.
Embroidered collars, cut out, so as
to show the cown beneath.
Wonderful ribbon lattices, which
can be removed and adjustedAto an
other gown, each lattice trimmed
with a fancy button at its intersection.
The most marvelous button trim
mings, many buttons being built upon
button molds and covered with vel
vet to be used as a skirt trimming.
Strappings of cloth, with a button
on each end, for the trimming of
skirt panels.
vas, rather close ins weave and re
sembles the Irish poplin or which she
Is so • fond. The skirt Is made full
around the '- belt line, but the fullness
Is pushed away In front so as to come
at the sides and , In the back. This
makes a plain front pan*!.
TOE S AN;- FRANGISGO; SUNDAY; V GALU
THE GOWN
OF THE
WEEK
10CARE OF THE HANDS (Tessle)— In
Infancy nature has seemingly bestowed
perfect hands upon all the human fam
ily, .whether rich or ; poor, high or low;
growth and the numerous occupations
of^-Wfe obliterate the perfect 'carves,
bringing out angular lines and coarsen
ing the skin. . Beautiful and dimp!t;d
hands are only, possible to the woman
"who T Is: entirely exempt from' physical
labor, but smooth, . fair. hands with well
scaped f nails ; are ; within the . reach of
FOR MASSAGE AND SOFTENING
THE SKIN (A. I* I*)— I could have ad
vised you more intelligently had you
told me the kinds of cream you have
been using and which "dried your
skin." Pure honey and' almond cream
Is* one of the finest preparations to
keep the skin soft and smooth, and I
have never known it to Irritate even
a very sensitive skin. Your druggist
can doubtless supply you with 1L Rose
water, glycerine and wltchhazel, equal
parts, is another excellent lotion, pro
vided you- can use glycerine on your
skin; many people" cannot even when
It Is greatly diluted. As a tissue build
er and a pleasant unguent. for massage
nothing can excel pure cocoa butter.
Get a small quantity from a reliable
druggist and be sure that it Is per
fectly sweet; always keep \t In a-cool
place, for it becomes, rancid In a ihort
time IX exposed to beat. *«**•
P.REPARINO A N BRIDAL OUTFIT.—
(Mina)— For the wedding ..dress, select
silk -muslin,' crepe de chine, :or ; one of
the newer ¦weaves, liberty or duchesse
satin, taffeta or peau ; de cygne. If of
a - thin ¦ fabric nothing' could • be more
charming than the. new (old) 1830 skirt
gathered at jthe, belt and having gradu
ating 1 tucks ; interspersed .with bands of
filmy .'lace running around the • foot of
the sldrt to just above the; knees. Full
blouse, wide girdle,*. deep yoke and
bertha;of. lace and immense: tucked
sleeves : .with ->¦ lingerie undersleeves . of
lace j complete" the .costume;,; A modish
traveling costume Is "of ; mixed- tweed,
the coat -preferably lit : short three
quarter' le'ngthT and with a Jaunty ski r t
just clearing the ground. ; A dressy cos
tume i is. of fine dark' brown broadcloth
or zibeline and is indispensable for call-'
ing.; etc. : It \ should ; be \ made on ' rather
elaborate lines, havlngithe'skirt* with
short sweep . and a; drop-shoulder. Eton
jacket or plaited coat smartly trimmed
with touches of silk; panne velvet braid
and with' buttons. Then a modish storm
dries . uji " the . offending spot. Cold
cream, or a«y , oily substance should j be
used cautiously as grease seems to have
a. most' irritating effect on fever sores,
promoting rather than checking the
trouble/ Use only -enough; cream to
prevent the lips from ; getting very
rough from the use of the alum.
CAUSE ;- AND 'CURE OF FEVER
SORES— (Eunice)— Bruises or^ scratches
Inflicted by the careless use- ;of . the
tooth brush ;are productive sources of
fever sores, as well ', as a feverish con
dition of the system- resulting I from
specific or -general . ill health. In its
first stages .the ordinary sore is; com
posed of small vesicles containing clear
water fluid. It Is only,, in; an advanced
case or when- a^.very morbid state, of
the *blood- exists that the sore assumes
a pustulous condition. Persons who
are .thus afflicted should consult their
family physician-' atV once . and ; take * a
thorough course of treatment to purify
: the , blood.* This annoying and disfigur
ing , trouble , is ' truly a case where an
ounce of prevention is worth a pound of
cure. After/the sore is well developed
there is little to do but endure the evil,
but if taken 5 vigorously in hand the
minute the peculiar stinging sensation
is felt, further progress may be arrest
ed' or; at least, -the; trouble be reduced
to* a minimum. ; After trying all man
ner: of salves' and ', lotions j J. have > found
nothing so > effective as ; alum. Touch
the spot with the least possible* amount
of cream andUhen^dust thickly, ; with
powdered alum, { repeating: as often < as
the ~ alum rubs off. "-', As '¦:,. soon ; as '.the
water ¦ collects,; in\the \ sore ¦ pierce' the
skin with r . a', fine' needle; press 'out 'the
water, and;dust again 'with. alum. .'Tho
astringent ; quality.-^ of ' the ': alum " soon
.J. • ! __ ; — -.*,
two long loops of the. lace and put:the
end of the lace .back - through next
eyelet In same- side, of corset. .Then
proceed to last^. holes ; as before; tie "in
last , eyelet I and across, : in a " bow. ! Put
on • corset, f draw out ; or •:¦ take . up -long
loops until >. the icorset is • the icorrect
size and tie loops securely.
Costumes From
¦ Goldstein & Co.
INVITATIONS TO DINE (Mrs. W.
B. N.) — It would be very discourteous
to invite your husband's old friend to
dinner to meet several ladies and gen
tlemen and not include his young wife.
The fact that you have never met her
does not relieve you of the obligation.'
Make it a point to call with your hus-;
band when his friend and wife will be
at their hotel and then extend the In
vitation to dinner to both: or, you
may send a cordial note the next day
asking them to dine — informally to meet
a few friends. State the date clearly
and the hour, being very particular as
to full house number and. street, giv-.
ing anv other directions you may deem
desirable for their guidance as stran
gers in the . city. . A hostess shakes
hands with her guests upon their arri
val and upon their, departure as well.
ADJUSTING CORSETS PROPERLY
(C. B. R.)— When uglv lines become
noticeable about the hips it Is high
time to give more serious thought to
the corsets as well as to exercise. Fre
quently the trouble is not altogether
wrought by advancing years, but is
due to a badly fitting or incorrectly
adjusted corset which exaggerates
every faulty line. Manufacturers
boast that there are about forty, sjiapes
lm corsets, each slightly different and
made with a view to meeting the de
mands of some peculiar line discov
ered in feminine make-up. It is not
strange, therefore,, that women so
often make mistakes in selecting this
Important accessory. Many depart
ment stores now fit i their customers
without charge and this has proved of
great value "to those who were ; in
doubt as to what they needed. Do not
confound this plan with that of having
a corset made to . order, . for you are
merely fitted with the ready-made
style best suited to . your needs. The
made-to-order corset, while very desir
able, is costly. If the plan of having
the corset fitted at the store is not fea
sible In your location study your figure
carefully and note its peculiarities,
whether long or short In waist line; full
at bust, hips, . etc. ; then by consult
ing your local dealer the required^
shape of corset may be more ; readlljr
obtained. Do not get a corset too
large — it should fit to be comfortable.'
A good, guide for the average figure is
to have the waist measure of the cor
set two or three . inches smaller; than
the belt. To lace the' corset 'correctly
start at the top In the usual way and
when the waist line is reached pull out
CLEANING WITH GASOLINE.
(Mary.)— A few drops of gasoline rub
bed on a soiled spot only makes a bad
matter worse; while it will remove the
actual spot It will leave a muddy tell
tale ring around the outer edges of the
cleaned soot which is even more con
spicuous than tbe'original stain. The
best method is to immerse the article
to be cleaned, and if this is not advis
able consult a professional cleaner. As
gasoline is highly inflammable it must
be used with great caution entirely
away from the fire or the lighted gas
jet or lamp. After using gasoline 1n a
room open all the windows for an hour
or more and hang the cleaned articles
In "t v e open air until the fumes of the
gasoline have entirely evaporated.
White kid gloves may be successfully
PROTECTION OF THE SKIN.
(Ainiee.) — Skin that tans and reddens
badly even in winter should be pro
tected against the elements when one
Is out of doors by a veil of chiffon se
curely pinned to the hat. As the fad
is for numerous veils do 'not hesitate
to use all necessary to afford the proper
protection of your skin. Your milliner
will show you how to pin the veil to
your hat In a fashionable manner and
no one will ever suspect that you are
wearing It to protect your skin. Much
has been said and written for and
against the use of cold cream and pow
der on the face previous to going out,
but from observatlo-n it must be ad
mitted that such treatment rarely does
any good. Even when sparingly ap
plied, as It must be during the day,
the oily nature of the cream will cause
the face to look extremely greasy when
going into a warm room from outdoors;,
furthermore, while the cream protects
the pores, it also acts as a catch-all
and holds every particle of dust that
finds its way through the veil, so that
in the end the actual benefit derived is
somewhat' doubtful, aside from the soil-
Ing of delicate laces which may come in
contact with the face. Treating the
face before retiring will prove more
beneficial, and any increased redness
produced by manipulation will have
disappeared by> morning. Fir6t bathe
the face with warm water which is
soapy, rinse and apply a cooling whit
ening cream composed of equal parts of
oil of sweet almonds, rose water and
witch hazel with sixty drops of simple
tincture of benzoin. In the morning
bathe the face with warm water to
which a pinch of borax has been ad^ed,
rinse with cool water, dry and dust
with a pure face powder.
TRAINING CHILDREN (Mother)—
In a limited space only a few essen
tial points in child training can be
given, but you will find the, hints val
uable if you will act upon them. Offen
sive table manners seem to be nat
ural to the majority of children, and"
this fault should be taken in hand early
In their careers. Correct manners
should be taught and enforced as soon
as children are old enough to sit at
the table. Very young children must
receive oral Instruction as well as ex
ample until their small minds grasp
the ideas and how and when to apply
them. This may seem tiresome to carry
on daily, but It must be done. to pro
duce results. To overcome the con
tinual breach of good table manners on
the part of older children, and save
continual correction, I suggest that you
write out a list of correct forms and
insist that they be memorized, then
there will be no reason for such flip
pant excuses as "I. forgot," or "Did It
just for fun." Try to make them un
derstand that it Is never smart to N be
111 bred and that you appreciate and
admire any duty well performed, no
matter how trivial. As your governess
has evidently been very careless in per
forming her duties, nothing but an en
tire change In discipline will bring
about the desired' Improvement. Take
the matter of deportment firmly In
hand and Insist kindly but firmly upon
prompt obedience, and when a capa
ble governess Is secured co-operate
with her. m Permitting the children to
dine at the table with the elders as a
special honor for good behavior may
Inspire a desire for rapid reform. Tact
and firmness will accomplish more than
harshness. » j. Jn ijjjill
Answers to
Correspondents
cleaned in the following manner: Pour'
a pint of gasoline in a bowl, put the
gloves on the hands, button and Wash
by immersing* the hantjs in the fluid
and rubbing the hands together as if
washing them. Do the work as rapidly
as is convenient, being particular to
wash every part of the gloves well.
Have more fresh gasoline, in another
bowl, rinse the gloves in this and hang
out to dry. '•
' NEW TABLE WRINKLES (F. S.
H.— Never has dainty elegance been
so' much in evidence in table furnish
ings as at the present day. China,
cut glass; and silver are wondrously
beautiful, even among goods of mode
rajte - price, while the fitments pro
vided for the purse of plenty are veri
table works of art. The. woman who
can.boast of a well filled linen closet is
to be envied." The most* correct lunch
eon table is arranged without a table
cloth.: In the center of the table Is
placed an embroidered or hemstitched
centerpiece - and upon It is the fern
dish 'or vase of cut flowers. The plate
holding 'the soup plate or bouillon
cupY Is; arranged upon a plate dolly.
Small dollies are also placed under the
water glasses, bonbon and olive dishes.
The . centerpiece and dollies should
match, though if of hemstitched linen
a bit of color may be introduced in the
form**of small silk embroidered
to match the floral decorations. The
effort to introduce color in high-grade
table linen has never succeeded, the fas
tidious housekeeper, preferring to give
color. In /delicate china and in floral
decorations. Before putting over the
tablecloth the table should first , be
covered with an undercloth of cotton
felt, which Is made especially for the
purpose and In different widths; this
felt not only protects the table, but
deadens all , sound and greatly Im
proves the appearance ; of the linen,
no;matter what it * costs. .- ; To further
protect the .table from, hot dishes 'use
mats of asbestos under plates, platters,
etc.; ' ¦ ¦• '.:',-¦¦': - . ¦ . . .<:.¦
CORRECTING ONE'S GAIT (K. L.
M.)— If the hips and ankles seem strong
the'wobblv. gait often noticed In wo
men is probably due to nervousness
and a lack of muscular control of the
knees superinduced by weakness. Ex
ercise which will strengthen the leg
muscles and especially the knees will
be of benefit. Build up the system by
careful diet, sleep in a cool, well venti
lated room and walk as much as time
and strength will permit. To attempt
to walk several miles in one day and
then give up for a week from sheer ex
haustion iyfolly.'doing you more harm
than good. Begin walking by going a
quarter or. half mile each day, gradu
ally increasing the distance. Little fa
tigue will result and the muscles will
bi slowly strengthened. To derive real
health and pleasure from the walk, al
ways dress especially for the exercise
In a comfortable, sensible manner. The
skirt should escape the ground, that
the arras may be kept in a normal po
sition. A short jacket is preferable to
a long one. as it insures warmth with
little weight. Wear no heavy petti
coats or tight bands. The hat should
be a light soft felt, and the shoes com
fortable with broad heels; gloves
should be warm and loose. A chic
walking suit and a shirt waist is the
ideal costume for walking. In addi
tion to .the outdoor exercise follow
these exercises morning and night,
wearing only a loose gown. Stand
erect and raise the body slowly on the
balls and toes of the feet, coming down
again with the feet In normal position.
This will strengthen the muscles In the
calves of the less. To strengthen the
knees and the upper legs, stand erect,
then lower the body by bending the
knees only until the posterior muscles
and heels are as near together as pos
sible in a sitting position; then raise
the body erect without the aid of any
support. Repeat both exercises sev
erar times. To relieve any soreness
which mav, result from the first trials,
bathe, the legs with equal parts of al
cohol and tincture of camphor.
daintiest description. In addition to
thefregular lingerie a generous supply
of black silk and a few colored petti
coats are essential, not forgetting some
elaborate white ones, for use with tea
and evening gowns. - 7^"- "
Please address all commu
nications to Madge Moore,
editor "What Women Want
to Know." Sunday Call, San
Francisco. ,
O 0 many ami so varied are
v^ the little perplexities
C^ that enter into almost
fffcvy woman's life without
iindin^ satisfactory solution,
and so many and so unusual
are the letters that are con
stantly being received from
women who cannot find an
answer to their questions in
any other way. that The Sun
day Call has decided to estab
lish a pa<ie devoted entirely
and exclusively to "What
Women Want to Know/'
which will be edited by
Madge Moore.
Here every trial or tribula
tion of the mind and heart
can now be poured out in the
full consciousness that it
will receive serious consider
ation — every question of fact
or fiction — of the home and
all its manifold tiesand tasks
— of the inner sanctuary of a
woman's life find ready so
lution. Ladies, this pa^e is
all your very own. What
would you?
If, during the sudden rage for metal
ornaments of all kinds and descrip
tions, you. miladi. have taken a vio
lent fancy to all things brass you cer
tainly are in clover, for there are any
number of pretty and quaint jugs and
pots that serve the same purpose as
the samovar, and if you cannot afford
to indulge your whim to the extent of
having them all. you may at least se
lect the one that pleases you the best.
Again, if you are especially given tp
novelties and like to deck yourself as
well as your home with touches of
Orientalism, the Russian costume is
Just what you are looking for. It may
be regally splendid, of heavy brocaded
satin, jeweled with glistening beads: or
it may be a peasant costume, pictur
esque and pretty; but whatever its
textures and whatever its tones, you
may rest assured that it never fails
to «.dd a touch of barbaric splendor to
the drawing-room of the twentieth cen
tury hostess. •
When Miss Guest trails gracefully
into the rofem, shakes hands and sinks
into a comfortable chair her hostess
asks her if she likes her tea strong or
weak. For each cup fs made distinct
and separate and according to the
wishes of the guests. The hostess
makos the tea with her own hands and
places the cup and saucer upon a tray,
and a maid, trim and trig in a black
gown, passes it about the room.
In one way and one only does the
American differ from the true Musco
vite fashion of drinking tea. The
American girl will drink cream in her
tea, even though she knows full well
that the Russian tea drinker considers
sliced lemon the only proper and palat
able accompaniment.
It sits on the tea table and, of course,
faces the hostess. To all appearances
It is quite dead, for there is not a sign
of gas or oil about It. as the heat 'is
produced by filling a tube, which passes
up through the urn with live charcoal.
*^-f RE you. miladi, addicted to 5
f \ o'clock teas or 4 o'clock coffees?
I I If so. be it known that your tea
I table is not complete without the
Russian and Japanese belong
ings, which have acquired such a sud
den vogue by the first rumors of war
in the J2ast, and the samovar and the
brass hot water Jug should be the
most conspicuous articles among the
tea cups and dainty plates.
The picturesque urn has been so lit
tle seen in this country that it Is
quite a charming innovation, and one
that the hostess who is searching
everywhere and at all times for novel
tics cannot afford to miss.
If you don't know what the samovar
Is. listen. It Is nothing more or less
than a brass or copper urn that Is used
in Russia. Siberia. Mongolia and a host
of Oriental places, whose only mission
on earth is to keep water boiling so
that a cup of tea may be brewed in an
Instant.
suite- or long waterproof English coat^
should . be . a part of the outfit. Hay e
also a dainty tea gown of rose colored
crepe elaborately trimmed with cream
colored lace ;and a touch of black vel
.vet ': to 'give character. Add several
pretty dressing sacqucs. accordion
plaited and plain, trimmed with lace
embroidery and ribbon, and a kimona
of warm-hue"d Oriental siller- If you
would'have the outfit complete add one
all* white; and one all f black evening
dress; an evening cloak of white cloth :
richly trimmed with lace, fur. and em
broidery,.a theater gown! of crepe or.
»oft silk, several fancy, waists and .an •
abundance of trig shirt waists. Hats,
gloves, shoes, stocks; etc., tp match the
different costumes \ are necessary, and
last, but not least, ; the lingerie, which
la no small Item, as it must be of the
FASHIONABLE COIFFURES (Mrs.
B.)— The clever woman, fully realizing
the importance of a modish coiffure
and its relation to a perfect ensem
ble, never slights this part of her
toilet; it is only the unsophisticated or
careless woman who mars a perfect
gown by. badly arranged hair. While
elaborate effects are only possible to
the woman -who can command the ser
vices of a skilled hairdresser, every
woman can 'acquire a certain amount
of skill by persistent effort, which will
enable her to do her hair in a becoming
manner. Mind you,- I say becoming,
for this should be the keynote always
in mind; it matters little how fashion
able any particular arrangement may
be, If it is not strictly becoming to tha
individual it will trove a failure. The
only way to decidi the matter is to .ex
periment with several styles and select
the one most becoming. The low coif
fure is the latest and is very charming,
resting against a fair neck, but not
every woman can wear it successfully;
as a consequence the high coiffure and
pompadour, in modified forms,' the
waved style and others still hold secure
places, becoming as they are to the
majority of faces. Hair parted In the
middle, softly waved and puffed out at
the sides, a la Barrymore, is another
popular mode. The back may be gath
ered in a coil or puffs, a trifle below tha
crown, or in a low "coil on the neck, as
best suits the individual. To arrange
the low coiffure, comb the hair back
and tie midway' below the crown and
the neck; then loosely coll and arrange
the long strands In a figure 8, the lower
loop resting against the neck. Occa
sionally it is plaited loosely before
forming the figure 8; this mode, how
ever, is confined almost entirely to
morning wear on windy days, when a
firm adjustment is essential to neat
ness. The front hair is, of course, part
ed off from ear to ear and waved and
puffed out to becoming softness in
either case, with ends coiled around
"the ribbon which holds the> back
HEAVY EYEBROWS (Emma.) —
Do not think of having eyebrows
¦which meet shaved off above the nose,
for the hair would only grow
thicker and coarser. If you feel you
must have the hairs removed have it
done by electricity. However, try
careful brushing, using a small nail
brush and be sure that you do not ap
ply any oily substance to the eyebrows,
for it will promote the growth of the
hair, which you especially want to
avoid. W&
the busy woman If she will spend half
an hour dally in keeping them In con
dition and avoid needless exposure.
For . example! always wear gloves of
heavy kid when doing, any kind of
rough grimy work. If you cannot bor
row a worn pair from some mala mem
ber of your family buy a pair of un
llned dogskin gloves, such as are
bought by men; such gloves are heav
ier than those ¦ worn by women and
will last longer. Size seven' and one
half will fit the average hand. Hou3e
keep'ers^ are constantly coming (a con
tact with dust and other things which
tend to soil the hands while they may
seem reasonably clean to the naked eye.
hence I claim that women should wash
their hands several times daily, using
plenty of soap and warm water; •wash
ins does not ase the hands as many
people think. Always rinse the handj
In cool water after wasning and dry
thoroughly on a soft towel. Obtain a
reliable cream, free from srease. and
apply to the hands during the day, rub
bing it in well after washing, wiping
away all surplus with a clean towel.
Before retiring cieanse the hands and
rub with cocoa butter and then du3t
freely with almond meal. Wear loose
gloves perforated at the back and
palms at night. In a month you will
observe a decided improvement.
THEc: SAN-FRANGISGOSSUNDAY: 1GALI1
WHAT WOMEN WANT TO KNOW
11His uuite. for two • or three rooms
are absolutely essential to his comfort
and happiness, is beautifully fur
nished. The cook positively refuses to
have the nurse about mixing concoc
tions and getting in his way, so one
The good old time has long since
faded into oblivion when babies were
regarded as m^re babies and treated
accordingly. Fancy one of the pre
cious darlings <>f to-day crossing the
plains in a water bucket to keep him
from falling about. Heavens! He
would be one of the most .insulted
creatures on the face of the earth.
Slowly but surely this small -man has
gained point after point until he
knows as well as any one that what he
Bays poes.
"I IS Majesty King of the House-
I \ hold rules supreme, and what
X. I an r.rrosrant tyrant he is to be
+S sure! It makes no difference
whether he is born Mo the purple of
the Western Addition or the left-over
rags of Dagotown. he is always one
and the same. When he lifts up his
voice and demands attention he g2ts
It and pandemonium reigns if his
handmaid is a bit clow about serving
him.
the 'charming result. This basket is a
veritable catch-all. It contains the
thousand and one things that are used
daily and, as it can be put in one place
and /kept -there so that it is always
convenient; it is Indeed a blessing to
the" busy nurise. .. i J
But that i^n't all this monarch de
mands, in the furnishing of his room.
He uositlvely to- have the
backs "of chairs covered v/ijh his wear-
Ing apparel, so his fond -mamma pur
chased a rack that suits him to a T.
Generally . it comes in three pieces,
though occasionally it may be had in
four. Pink, blue or ' white in color,
with the posts jauntily tied with rib
bons, it stands "ready to receive and
deliver his clothes whenever he de
mands thorn. When his night gown
and his bed wrapper come off they are
bun~ VI" to wr^ and to sun and his
day shirt, his socks, his barricqat of
flannel, his petticoat, and lastly, his
lawn slip are all there, sweet and
fresh, and ready ' for ' him to don. On
the ne:ct rack ,his cluak, bonnet and
carriage robe are hanging, so in reality
all one has to do, is to stand in thu
center of his roor:. and reach out on
all sides and find, his belongings al-.
ways in place.
.And his clothing— but. then, that is
another and almost endless story.
and so, in*. fact, are the various toilet
articles that make." the set complete.
Thorp _ is -a "wee brush.* a ttny 'combi a
powder puff, and everything ithat on.!
could possibly consider usefuh'or\neces
raryto a'bab:?s happiness." o. ""
¦ The bed ia a 'fetqhing bit_'_ofj lace and
ribbons." a: lovely - affair,- that":, should
bring ths-.rqsiest - of the' rosy* dreams.
A great white swinging basket;; that
looks very- tempting,' for. it" is draped
canc-py fashion with soft mull, a dainty
dulled Swiss, or -still, ¦ point
d'e3prit, and a great bow of, soft, shim
njering. ribbon browns it and falls soft
ly away anfi ends In a billow of lace
at the back. . Slowly and gently th?
basket swings to and'frci and with it
swings and sways the cascades of lace
that have turned his majesty's nest into
a fairy bower.; ; *
Of.. bas1c?ts lie has' two kinds. One
is a small stilted -affair that Et*nciS ; on
three, lers and offets the pins, tapes
and vatfnus other necessities, that are
6O frequently mii-sins— a sort of a
work basket as it were. The other is
fashioned like ihe regulation clothes
basket and. forsooth, it probably is
one, but it has"' been enameled with
white; finished with : J gllt and trimmed
with laces and ribbons to such an ex
tent that his imperial highness knows
no better- and: is, highly .pleased- with
Another pretty and useful article is
a night set that is to be used in placfe
of the tub. It is more like a minia
ture washsiand than anything else.'
The bowl and pitcher are of pink ware
Probably the old fashioned tin tubs
served the purpose quite'as well, but
there certainly is no denying that the
rubber tuba are far more convenient,
even if they are somewhat of a lux
ury. There is none of that rushing
about picking up soap here ar.d tow
els there and then trying to keep them*
all in one's lap while one' is engaged
in balancing his important highness
with c-ne hand and rubbing him with
the other. Everything is just where
it ought to be, exactly on hand, and
if the tub is cared for by u methodical
nurse it is always ready for instanta
neous use.
water its weight braces the legs so
that it ia perfectly soiid and secure.
On one end is a towel rack that will
easily hold three and a wash cloili.
and the other end is composed of small
pockets that are filled with boxes' con
tsining soap, baby powder and all th?
little accessories. After the bath •" i=
over a plugris taken from the bottom
of the tub which empties It and. m
another minute the whole has be«-h
folded up and has vanished into thin
air. ;
His bath tub, by the way, is not al
ways the easiest thing to find, for it
is a nortable one and may be laid
away upon a shelf when not In use.
A heavy piece of white rubber is
stretched across two pieces of wood,
which act as legs, and when filled with
A dainty willow basket lined with
point d*esr>rit and trimmed with great
bows cf blue or pink ribbon sits se
renely upon the ton of the scales, and
instead of tying his majesty up In a
cloth and weighing him as one would
eo much sugar, he is placed in the
high basket and his weight told to a.
fraction of a pound.
room is Ills culinary department. The
floor is covered with a pretty linoleoum,
with a rus thrown here and there, and
in one corner is a white sink. A row
of shelves, lined with pans and pots,
bottles and foods, cover one side of
the baby kitchen, while directly across
is a eaa stove.
His boudoir is one of the daintiest,
most fetching rooms that ever mortal
stopped into. The first thing needed
vhen this autocrat comes into this
world is a uair of scales. The regula
tion household ones borrowed from the
kitchen are openly scorned and in its
I-lace is a pretty contrivance that is
net only convenient but that sits next
the bath tub and may be used daily.
THE SAN FRANCJSCO SUNDAY?' GALTi
HIS MAJESTY,
THE KING
OF THE HOUSEHOLD
Kr A r Pi l\r\ FOP \IIWnAY C AT I PT7 A HkP Q
SEVEN KE1IAKKABLE PICTURES HAVE BEEN PREPARED ESPECIALLY FOR THE CALL BY ITS PRINTING HOUSE. THE AMERICAN CoLORTYPE COMPANY OF NEW YORK AND
CHICAGO, AND ONE OF THESE PICTURES WILL BE ISSUED WITH THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL EVERY SUNDAY IN THE ORDER INDICATED." ;
"HIGHLAND SHEEP." dteli en rfii?r« n / B K m *'i t °. f maBSes °' "Rht and dark oppositions of brilliant and sub- • V • ¦ •' 4«|M THE nACTimC >»
Tt U th- reduction of a superb palnUng by one of th.t world-famous family "^^ t>Wn • V V ... h P , .. Wv , E PASTURE."
be given a»ay. frc*. with f«ach copy of The Sunday Call. . .- •" D nor 5/>4-/-v w Jor Powell i to exnlore fh*. viT? 1 " 8 "! ed th#? n » e(1 States Government expedition under Ma- n , t!ons— as a landscapist. a figure painter and an animal painter. His varied talents
Auguste Borheur in preeentlrg " Highland FheeD" to the wor'ld made as fin. a n62flStGr of the Ye lowstone " Shi.h llowst «>ne country. His large painting of the "Grand Canyon RPPIQTPP ar * so evcnIv balanced and so harmoniously combined In this picture that It would
contribution t o the an gallery of the ores a* Sid ht? lllSstrtom Slate? RwV when "WglOHil . « ™ . »« lo *"}?"•• ' h^^ h , *•" Induced 6l,ar»ly after, was purchased by th* Govern- nCglOlCI be a difficult matter to decide which he has painted best - the cattle, the young
*he palntrd that «uf*rbly colomJ revefatloS of animal nowe? Inrt nhvslrRT beTuty It the ihVusanrf? §V?t t truthful that geologist* *rc ab e to detect and classify from V lxasaiit woman who Is caring for their wantr. or the landscape, which serves »s *
•ThJ Horn Fair " p K,, Tari »l £rt£^hit ?h^ Lem t^ suroa.s the ~ ty it lo Btron^ that ft ,JjW°, n W " '' a "d ypt the expression of ft feeling or aubllm- • retting for both. It has other qualities which are not the result or the artist's skill
power of mere art lo thn D««m B uiiiM««f ,..«.! .kirtLiSiit h! ~ •.«>¦« »o strong that It Is dlfHcult to believe thnt he has not Idealized his subject. . « as a painter, but which are the expression of his thought and feeling. - -
ienst* * * P "" Q aIU " 8 of r '* llem * hlch actually fool the /> '//'."• h « "<"« made several trljsio the Rocky Mountains and has visited Cuba V O* . There is a vigor and brilliancy to be observed in the effect of sunlight, and he
S^^^''S^-'t.-82fJ.&& r :'. COITlDlaint •™™«""->'"™^^ Prmnlaint ' S%S«V,!,fCn%. A11 lMS " mbl "' '¦>^ lo a ' '-"•" •«—«.««=«
?*i»tJ rr Lnre "uV™- ranco1 " Auguste by name, and a man ambitious to be a UU1IJ fJ I d 1 1 1 L of 7. He tegan his SrtUtic carTw' a« n ««5 »J™»ir.^nn,.nMl P . "?« ri.. 1M : UGlT]PIainL Th& cattle are partlcuferly well drawn ind painted. .
the BSrh'ur^Im'llv Zm"^ V*Z »•'»««'*<«• J» *»¦ critically concluded that associate of the National A?£%ri$ &¦ ssj anTacadcmlc^- fs4 He ts^mem" Julien Jos is a native of Belgium and ba. his studio In Brussels.t He Is a'pupll
¦"- nufr h r c Sffis^i^iSS'i-sS sssSdTiSa^rissr- .t. . t ber of thc 6oclety of American " • . s^s^ssk cattle palnter> de Beul - and "• to some extent - •• fonower
£23 aS! II ' MEMORIES." - - - ¦ if : .i .^inVZl^rclV^
J. C m d e al of a h,t *«^£r2^W^it.£ £ ', ?? a » o'^ glands of war «re of laurel and pa lm . there are oth-r, > as well k^own and appreciated In America as in Europe.
!a crt under nnoth-r came * position :•..-•. «f withered bitter leave* which do not, crown the: victors or repose on • the ??fOQTI V TfiVQ ?»
,'• Vnil gravesvof those "who have given their, live* for their country. They are worn \, vU3 1 LY lUYJ).
**PI AVMATP^" ¦ • * wll i'Z \ i .^ om ' n wh0 h » ve ,_ Inherited the .legacy, of ; sorrow and loneliness throush Ynil "Costly Toys 1 ' Is the title of the art supplement, by Charles Van den Eycken
_ ; rLftI ITi/M CO. . the death or a son. a father, or a, brother i" war. . ' I UU . The proverbial playfulness of kittens Is a" favorite subject with painter" who
» Sw uyct '" " PI& y iI1 «'M" l« a st^ne of home llf* which will anneal to all lov»r« They cling. In their bereavement :o anything which' may keep . fresh the mem- choose their models from the" domesticated branch of the feline tribe. The fact
cr children r.n<1 pet*. It Illustrates the sympathy which exists between children and r- «i W^WM** °J these dpar 0ne8 -* 'Their letters, portraits, anything they have worn or <h1 »t the little animals have not been endowed with discretion in their choice of
their animal playmates, end Euggett* the charm which the Ingenuous play of the lit- ' r 5) 1 1 .;: owned are treasured as of prlcele« 0 value, and on such a day as the one appoinl>d ' r »l playthings, along with their instinct for play, often leads them to do much mls-
iw OI "!.1" y i br l n * lnto howe life - shows aUo that Imitation of what they have * ***' to hQn # or , %h t natlon s d « a(1 they Mem to bring baoK something of the real pr<«- 1*^1 chl . ef ' and » «s this mischief which furnishes an InexhauMlble fund of mate-
ob«rrvcd in the lives cf their parents influences In a jfmarkable degree their own «c- ' ¦ ence of the heroes who have fallen. . . • ., t . ; 7 .. 1 Gill rial upon which such artists as Eugene. Lambert. Mme. Henriette. Ronnerand
r«Mni V,f P i Uttlne \ hc ' Pwvy tn in her doll's cradle the little girl is following the To c *P" s s these thoughts on canvas Is the motive of Ed~ar S Cameron's Charles Van den Eycken. the painter of the original of this art supplement, have
AiTiSP i °t llc ' m»t''cr« care for her little brother, which sbe£s "ally observed picture. "Treasured Memories." " ' i ' a - ar , s '- Cameron s . - drawn. In producing the picture* which are their llfework.
•• eoon u thg are con^feud and he ha, frSy^ n^anv a^v-S^ •nV'T" Qariinn ¦ sllentlv and alone what^"'^"^ of..h[.,death^nd Decoration day ihe. perform, - a young man." and ha. prospect of becoming even more famous In hts chosen
J;is pictures th:it his customer, h B v e to * a t m.nv montlh, b,fi» it. r« ,f O6CUT6 f,ilt«iJ? ¦ 'u n J ff.n r »,° her hat become the celebration; or a i-acred rite. The branch of. art than the celebrated Mme. Ronner. whose pupil he is. His studio is
satUfaction of peaacxtai cne of hVlnter c «ln™ prodSn, * * * ' * Us stmntv and dlrerM?^ ' nt « re ?t an<1 """menl strongly. expressed. It tell* O60Ur6 . in Antwerp. ; In the^same building as that of. hta former instructor. During the lalx
His inoovia are taken from w» own h«,,»h^ .L . n» m mZu l> J.? i.m a , y w, n<3 at the e » me time It possesses artistic qualities ¦ ¦ '• decade, his works have become well-known in America.' and the sale of his pictures
lioM^^^^^ ' • Pleasing 4n. color; and care- In' this country Is steadl.y Increasing. f hi, p.cture,
tionjui> jic secret of hts .remarkable «ucces« In painting them. »"*"• '• «"<u-« q Edgar S. Cameron the a ti t " h" h' 1 ri hi ' " '"'' - '. " **TTHF< R1DTHHAV "
"THE PASSING STORM." y^^i^^^S^^W^^^S^B^^- '''..¦. S ' „ <^'^^^^V 1 «»%-^"-?' i^V' r; ™'-^ : «>i.t-.i-pi«i« ;
¦ "Tht l' tH i!is Siorm " rvhich wu niint.H «n iL . r J of American landscapes. olinflSV vas he vbas P al "ted Is a rellglpus subject "The Youth of Christ " now- roanVir . Clinrloil bines the^ telling of a pleasing story w| t h the successful rendering of a most - Inter-
dutiful and cffmTwwuSd^Sr5dicU? n . Tye^nublfihed- '"x? 1 ", 11 * 8 .° ne Of lhe . most yUllUajT the Union League ClutTof Chicago. TwS Vear, agoThe exhlbfted Vf S^ 01111037 ¦- e.tlngeffecr of artlflcial. lighting.- The four nickering tapers on the WrThUr «"*
harmonious in color, dramatic "a^^ well 'Tba kn«d la It. 11 * -R* hv th^rh^"wnm^**^ r^ he red llKhr ot a Wow'furnace:- ? .Thl/waV"pureKd ¦.:¦•¦¦ J ' lumlnate the scene, which Is one of tenderers and Intensity » .ell as oi fes-
in i« b colored tffo^ Cr ° Uaa# * n<1 above aI1 U ¦ *' ful1 Df novemwt and varied Uflll. while, the artist w as : returning from t>arli rjaif year, where he served T aV"a m" m- P« J? U "5. B 2 l^ r . tn / d^ er .i, CO T r^ e » nd t 8 a «««-'« rnl » h '.«"«••;•« Colo ». «nd the play of
,n C / i^A%Tx o e u^v? b red^ u n ch^ - V -_- = - sSaki$r &T iS^sssss^f^rTr-i" "f--^^i^?^?i^r"-?f "wij^..^ ¦ ¦ , van.. • . % v ™™^^ y *\ i *'* r *™?r oKe ™ a - rrobiemwhich *^^*
a founCatlon cf convincing realism " lo lnelr Blcws - fen(l >« underiying these there Is ; Besides painting these and counties, genre and landscape subject* Mr Cam V ' The. expreseion on the faces of the participants In the pretty fete show, thai
W^s^^sm^t^w^ ¦ ;i|^iliiil=lii|liSili ¦ - ii^iiliili^lllMsi
UnninniliAii if tt-i'll 1 • mi- x ' ' ¦» • ' :',v ¦ '. ; Bectancy plays over the feature*, of her cuest. **
. in B iMompt and legnlai delnery of the papers containing these valuable pictures. ALL TKAIN- NEWSAGENTS AND NEWSDEALEItSON THE PACIFIC COAST SEETHE SAN FR AX^rt) S""It will be great fun," Sue declared,
"but you mustn't tell a soul, not even
Jack, until the evening is over."
Evening came, and with it the new
maid. As she entered the room where
Mr. and Mrs. Curtis sat Jessie said to
her husband:
"Oh, Jack. Alice was called home this
afternoon by the serious illnes of her
mother. This is Mary, who takes her
place this evening," and Jack, looking
at the dark-skinned, black-haired girl
before him, did not for a minute sus
pect she was dainty Sue Emerson.
While waiting on the guests, the new
maid gave a start at the turn the con
versation had taken.
"Well, Merritt," Curtis was saying,
"you and Sam are the only bachelors
among us to-night.'-'
"And I won't remain one for long,"
answered Merritt.
The maid was passing him salted
almonds arid, her hand shook a: trifle.
"I have "made up by. mind to ask a
certain young lady to be my wife and
she has given me reason to believe she
will not refuse.".
jj The men looked up in surprise;
. "Who is the girl?" asked Curtis.
"Miss Emerson."
The dark blue eyes of the maid
flashed as she filled the punch glasses.
"A.toac to you," a young. friend* of
Meiritt's cried. "Here's to ¦ your trc
cess in winning Miss* Emerson." The
guests raised their glasses and drained
then\ ? 11 save Sam Congdon, whose
glass but touched' his lips. A man at
the end of the table called out: ;¦
"Who would have ; guessed • that our
cynical friend had fallen in love." '
. "Of course I am marrying for love,"
Merritt retorted; but his \ tone w^as
tinged : with sax'casm.
¦ ./"You'll gef. the money along with
the love this time," some one ventured
to remark. V. ¦
: Merritt shrugged his ? shouidt i. His
manner was near to Insolence.
The maid's hand trembled visibly as
she poured the wine. - She placed a
glass at Sam's plate, noting the pallor
of his face a3 she did so. Her blue
eyes grew darker still as Sam arose
and said:
"Won't some of you fellows drink to
me? To-morrow night at this time I'll
be on my way to Europe."
"Why, how is that?" some one asked.
A wave of color spread over Sam's
face for an instant, as he. deliberately
told the falsehood.
"}Sy father wishes me to look after
his business in Liverpool."
All drank to his prosperity. Only one
present knew the real reason for this
sudden voyage. The new maid blushed
furiously under her stained cheeks.
At 10 o'clock the following . morning
Sam stood waiting for the cab that
was to, take him to the ;wharf. His
trunk strapped and labeled stood in the
hall. His grip and umbrella were on
the table. Sam ¦went to the dresser and
taking . from It -'a photograph, cut out
the head and shut it in the back of his
watch case. . •
It was the head of Sue Emerson. .He
heard the cab stop In. front of the
house, and pulling his hat down over
his eyes, he started out,' nearly falling
over a small boy in a. blue" uniform
standing In his path. A dirty, hand
passed Sam a yellow envelope.
"Sign here, sir." , .. -
Sam signed his name on the blank
indicated, tore open the envelope, read
the message and then raced down j :he
stairs. Umbrella, grip and trunk-re
mained behind. , ¦ . . >,
. "Emerson's, ¦ Elghty-£rst st," he
shouted to the driver, as he stepped
into the cab.
The : chambermaid walked into the
room just vacated by Congdon. '
"Would ye mind, these 'bits of yellow
paper flying around," she murmured' to
herself.- With" a maid's curiosity, she
put them neatly together and read:
"I need you more -'than Liverpool
does. • : -SUE."
are ferreted out, literally begged, bor
rowed or stolen when the chink of
coin is not sufficiently hypnotic, and
milady returns to dazzle her f fiends
with her possessions. The turquoise
and unusual natural stones which are
set within the rings, pins and buckles
are really the talismans of the sav
age, as is the coral of the Latin races,
for the' evil eye. There is but one seri
ous consideration, if one. were super
stitious in wearing jewels, gems or
stones, polished or unpolished, and
that Is that the good effect of the tur
quoise be not overbalanced by the. bad
effect of some other stone which is
supposed to counteract, through evil
the good acquired.; The fair bar
barians are not troubling themselves
very much over this,, however.
There Is a charm In being outre or
unusual in taste, and the girl of to-day
i« affecting.lt. Swastika crosses, Aztec
calendar designs, ' serpent designs,
scrolls, circles, 1 triangles and teeth and
claws of wild "beasts are - common
enough for air to realize the partthey
play in aboriginal circles. ' The'iMoki
Indians, the Navajqs and other tribes
have presented Interesting study along
these lines* in all directions,- their
cooking ' utensils, their blankets, deco
ration of tepees, 1 etc. / From their prim 7
itive ideas , ; - the - merchant now repro
duces in dull metals, pottery or wool
ens corresponding articles which serve
as decoration or ornament within the
home or upon. the person.;
Therefore, when - milady adorns her
charming . self,*; she seeks * appropriate
material, and harmony of color" to ac-
"You must, do your own choosing,
dear." she said. "There is no one, that
could do, that for :you, ;but ,my heart
has gone out to Sani."
That afternoon Sue called on her
friend. Mrs. Curtis. She. found \ her
with a most disconsolate expression on
her I face.
1 "My dear Jessie," cried Sue, "what
Is .the matter?"
¦ "I have a serious problem to solve,"
she answered.. "Jack gives a stag party
to-night,. and about ten minutes ago the
maid came to me and said her mother
was seriously ill. and she must go to
her at 5 once: Now, ' who can I get to
serve these men to-night?" '
" Sue meditated. ¦ % T
"I have it," she said at length; "I will
be your maid tb-r.isht."
':';¦ "You?" 'gasped Jessie.
Sue nodded., : .
"But," exclaimed Mrs. s Curtis, . "Har
vey. Merritt and Sam and other men
that you know are going to be here.',' • .
"It will be . such a: lark, Jessie.' You
will remember I .was a maid in : those
amateur, theatricals which Mrs. Mynter
gave. ,1 have my. costume now/the. wig
and' the liquid to , stain > my face. Con
sider ; It settled,, Jessie. : No one ' will
ever know nie,, and '"you. will see . what
an efficient maid I can be." . *
. "If; they, don't . recognize you I shall
,be extremely^ thankful to you • for help
ing me out of this strait," was Jessie's
answer/ ; ¦ <..¦", \" ;¦..-...•
"(Copyright. 1904. by Ethel Holland.)
$ c 7\ tt ° thei{ - dear . there |s
(\/\ something I wish to tell
V,"* I you," began Sue Emerson.
X "Last evening Sam Cong
don asked me to be his wife' and I have
promised to answer him at Mrs! Myn
ter'a reception. I don't know what to
say to him. I am awfully fond of Sam,
but then, there is Harvey Merritt. He
is, so. clever and I am sure he likes me.
I wish I could make up my mind."
Mrs. Emerson stroked her daughter's
hand. y
.By E. Holland
HIS POSTPONED TRIP
cent the barbaric ornaments which em
bellish her costume. She avoids that
which disfigures, affects that
which 1 enriches and* beautifies. She Is
affable and gracious as she is conscious
that she is original or individual.
Bracelets fashioned from the silver
dollars given by tourists when visiting
Alaska or 'Mexico possess a double sat
isfaction when the process of carving
with a single tool is visible "while you
wait." Fobs of metal and beadwork,
collars and chains of beads, bone and
colored silks, held together with bits of
silver uniquely chas.ed in design are
the rage.
The girl who has gone on little jaunts
baskets— the finest and the very best
that love or money could buy.
A great brown bear reared its mighty
head from the ping-pong table and
chaining and holding it in place were
stone relics of long past ages, curious
headgear, cueer ceremonial canes and
the thousand and one symbolic bits of
handiwork of the Indian.
Miss Smith meant to turn the house
literally upside down, and she certainly
did- The basement didn't even have
a speaking acquaintance,- with itself,
for it was converted into a great wig
wam, and seated on a pile of blan
kets was a squaw making baskets as
though her very life depended upon It
and favoring the unusually persistent
with a stolid, indifferent stare that
somehew or other caused them to move
on.
Everywhere, from the attic to the
basement, did Indian treasures stare
one in the face and invite the closest
of scrutiny, so that an afternoon in
the "Indian house" would be worth a
dozen lessons in Indian lore.
Nor did she stop here. She turned
Indian herself. Really, truly Indian;
not half way. She covered her fair*
hair with a great black wig, stained
her face a dusky hue and touched it
up with red and disguised herself so
completely that her best friends had
to stop, look twice and finally wind up
by asking who it was. And so it was
with every maid that received with
her. Not one "paleface" extended a
welcoming hand nor contributed in any
way toward the fun, for amusement
there wag In plenty. There were wild
dances, weird incantations, strange
ceremonies and queer sounding gut
tural noises and songs, everywhere, in
fact, that- she had ever heard of or
that her friends knew anything about.
So It happened for once that society
was surprised. It was more, for it
was simply thunderstruck to sec the
girls forsake their dainty frocks for
the bright calicoes, the gaudy beads and
the picturesque moccasins of the red
maid. It was paralyzed to .see the im
maculate beaux leave their broadcloth
and fine linen In the closet and ven
ture forth in the buckskins of the In
dian braves. Yet they did It, and had
more fun in shelving conventionalities
than they had had In a month of Sun
days.
And the result of this unique tea
has been a sudden craze for all things
barbaric and showy. The girls dis
covered that barbaric metals were Just
the vOy. things they had been search
ing for and they straightway appro
priated all the symbolism, colors,
handiwork and material of the ab
original, so that every way one turns
these days the eye is fairly dazzled by
the primary colors and designs In
satchels, bags, cardcases, fobs, chains,
bracelets, and, forsooth, in every Im
aginable article.
The craze for bead work Is mild
compared to that of metals. Golf
sticks and other trite designs in metal
are old, the rage being for the heavy
bracelet, the tiara, comb, waist but
tons, etc., made by the Indians. Mex
ico is so near, JUEt over the border, the
routes so easily traversed, the mining
and excavating passion so intense,
that traveling is a luxury, and the
tourist, well Informed through pic
turesque official literature; digs, delves
and finds precious stones such as opals,
turquoise. • perodates and rubies, and
the ever lovely matrix. In subtle
shades of green.
As a consequence old silver rings
Pole.
It wasn't from hers, however. She
sized up the situation with a critical
eye. weighed the pros and cons care
fully and saw no reason why it should
not be a huge success.
Therefore she promptly get to work,
and when a determined woman really
g-ets at a thing it usually means that
something is up and emphatically
doing. To be sure, she had many ad
vantages. The gTeat Smith home on
Jackson street boasted of nearly S00
rare baskets, which in themselves gave
her a big start to work on.
But that wasn't enough and she
Issued a proclamation. Not from her
housetop, to be sure, but where her
friends and her friends' friends heard
it. Baskets, blankets and all things
Indian were needed, and the great
double doors were opened wide to
receive the avalanche of barbaric
splendor that poured in.
The Persian rugs that graced the re
ception hall were carried away with a
vandal hand, and in place of the soft,
mellow colors of the Far East the
gaudy mountain blanket with its clouds
and its downpour of rain were placed
next the one that the chief of chiefs
alone is permitted to wear. The walls
were fairly lined with baskets, strung
together by a Etout invisible thread,
and even the hospitable looking fire
place was literally hidden by a multi
tude of big and little baskets, the prod
uct of every tribe of the American
Indian. The chairs, and there were a
few about, which was the only devia
tion from true wigwam fashion, were
covered with bright scarfs with soft
buckskin coats, or with fur lined
blankets; in fact, nothing was per
mitted to bear the slightest semblance
to any people save the red men.
The dining and the drawing: room
were the only ones that were not
stripped and refurnished and, forsooth,
this wasn't for lack of material, but
because of 6tern necessity.
Tea, punch and cakes were served
and no Indian of the twentieth cen
tury, especially an invited brave and
l:is sQua\v. dressed in their ceremonial
clothes, cared to squat, with knees
doubled under, true Indian fashion, for
the edification of the merry onlooker?.
Neither did they care to eat or drink
out of a common soup or head basket,
eo the pparkling cutglass and silver
retained its place and felt greatly
honored in consequence.
Bric-a-brac was carried out of the
drawing-room and Indian relics substi
tuted, but the baby grand piano's light
va« too bright to be hidden under a
bushel, and it was transformed into a
miniature curio shop.
Downstairs the big show room y.as
the delight and wonderment of all.
The wal!s and floors were literally lined
with Indian blankets of all colors and
descriptions. They hung side by side,
each rivaling the other and each
mutely striving to tell its own stoi*y.
which to the average person was about
as readable as. the Egyptian hiero
glyphics. A bookcase was filled with
a fine collection of pipes, while next ll
was a proud collection of feathered
WHEN Miss Maud Smith gave
an Indian powwow. and. what
is more, gave it with all possi
ble barbaric realism, she not
only surprised the surrounding tribes
but gave them a few valuable pointers
as well. An Indian tea was about as
far from their thoughts as the North
has kept a keen eye busy for the bar
baric artistic. She. pounces upon the
bits of handsome metal -which orna
ment the harness of the broncho or
lean pony of the Mexican Indian. These
ornaments are called "conchos," and
they come in various shapes. Some of
them are circular. These make hand
some cloak buckles when clasps ar-»
added by a '"civilized" jeweler. All
are artistically decorated with da
signs of the Swastika cross and other
fanciful carvings. In the center 1 of
each one is a turquoise, which looks
beautiful when set in the silver.
All these popular things will never
become common, because they are ex
pensive, nor will they go entirely out
of fashion, j
The "fair barbarian" knows . this, so
when she has an opportunity to - pick
up these things In her travels she does
so at wholesale. She often pays fabu
lous prices for genuine antiques of mili
tary origin and returns home laden
with her spoils for belt buckles, cloak
fasteners, hair ornaments, dog collars,
rings or bracelets. Thrice fortunate is
she if she can watch the silversmith
deftly hammer- the snail design on her
bracelet and belt, and s>ee him insert the
opal perodate, turquoise or '¦ Arizona
ruby.
x If she desires a Swastika cross on her
ring of necklace she signifies this fact
by pantomime, whereupon the Indian
proceeds to carry out her orders. He
whips out his jackknife, a crude- affair,
and with his hammer of stone, shaped
like an egg, and about the size of a
man's fist, he skillfully "engraves" the
quaint cross which represents the four
quarters of the earth. When his task 13
completed he says to his patroness as
he presents the ornament, "May the
four winds from the four corners of
the earth blow 'gently: upon you for
ever."
Perhaps he hammers and chisels th©
cross of dondee design adopted by the
ancient Franciscan monks, represent
ing the same thought. Necklaces of sil
ver beads, with six tiny crosses, at reg
ular intervals, hung upon them, and
further ornamented with a crescent
pendant were worn by the high priests,
while the chiefs necklace was adorned
with a pendant only.
» . * I II"" t " 1 KT | •¦ •'• »* -r f " | t*" #" "" # "\ • « - I IfVll% A \r - #"*Jkrv*
INDIAN FIESTAS
NOW THE
SOCIETY FAD
13ors. Then they will.be able to. eaTOj a
neat sum of money, during the'*suinifaer
months, which will enable them;totpay
their expenses through school next^wiri-'
ter. In that we ' are" doing a philan
thropic service." *-.•'.• . - - '
The "chair guides" will- charge '60
cents an ¦ hour i for,- their -: services ; for
wheeling single chairs "and" 41 an •' hour
for wheeling; double chairs. Out of this
they • are . to receive j 30 per , cent of .their
receipts as wages. Should 'they be dis
tracted from ; their duties they windfall
short . In their, earnings arid the /conces
sion" will also suffer.' '} Hence -the
cern of the managers in regard to the
flirting question!; - ;
: Application blanks.have, been sent : to
all of the' leading -universities in order
that . needy young., men-may 'rhave/ an
opportunltyto.try.for. a: position which
will' enable them to study the* World's
Fair and : at the .same: time earn a: nice
round sum. -Already the names! of ap
plicants have poured ; in \ so fast ;that
the '- office < of 1 the i "company . y is* -; : over
whelmed.. It has been - decided to i take
a .number 4 of young -men "from * each
school ?and their; chances for' securing
a position • will v depend Von " the ; recom
mendations ¦ of y the ' presidents*; of 'their
a / /"VAN the average young college
. I / man of attractive personal ap
\J pearance and pleasant address
\^ refrain^ froth flirting?" This
question Is causing the mapnagers"' of
question is causing the managers' of
much concern. The company expects
to employ 1000* college athletes^ as
"roller chair guides'" during ;~ the !-ex
position, says the St. Louis Republic.
It is feared that these young men, who
come from all parts of the country,
will fall victims to the charms of-: the
fair co-eds and neglect duty, > which
will cause a loss -to. themselves and
their employers ''alike. 'Although the
company wishes to. employ the bright
est and brawniest of the student popu
lation.of the several large universities
of the country. It: wants men who can
wheel chairs and talk engagingly
to their fares without making "goo-goo
eyes" at the many, young girls- who
will likely try .to entrap them' into. an
occasional tete-a-tete. , < r : f
"College men' are being selected 'chair
guides* ' for two reasons," said'. f.T. " S.
Clarkson. "They are' intelligent, > and
thereby able ,to explain 4 the; ;many^ fea
tures of the exposition- to their -visit-
VUniform courtesy 'regardless of what
you 'expect 'to Team from those 1 paying
for. your services.-
Honesty- to patrons and management.
respective colleges. '
Another point which is of importance
is that should the chair be broken the
guide will have to stand the damages.
A guide ; is also required to pay in ad
vance; for. a natty uniform, which will
identify him" according to his position.
Chief among the requirements is. that
the young man must be polite. All col
lege [ men are polite, ;• according to the
college view '¦< of politeness, but a foot
ball rush on one of the big days /will
not be t tolerated. In the circular in
tended to attract applicants much
stress is laid on the amount of tips
which' a : , gracious passenger bestows. 1 It
Is said that instances are known where
tips amounted to $>5 a day,* although It
is admitted that the amount varies ac-.
cording to the entertaining qualities of
the guide. : It • is i even ; suggested that
those students' who" are ' most > success
ful In getting through examinations
with little ¦preparation will be best'fit
ted for acquiring strong tips.;
\ The principal f rules which the * colle
gians will have to observe are as fol
lows: . i-_.\ -. - : ¦;,; ' '¦.;¦ , , :. •. • : • " .. . -
COLLEGE ATHI^TE ©fiMR ROLLERS
I mention these classes of men be
cause they are the ones In Paris who
i?em to be the most in a hurry. After
luncheon they will take time to pro
mote digestion with a cup of black
Why is it. though, that the French
suffer less from dyspepsia than other
nations? For two reasons: Their oc
cupations do not put too great a strain
on their nrrves. and they take their
time in eatinc their meals. For In
stance, around the Bourse you will find
good old restaurants where stockhold
ers, business men and speculators are
In the habit of going for their luncheon.
that the question of sanitation, of
hygiene in the household, as well as
the servant question, is beginning to
occupy the French mind. The reforms,
if they ever occur, will be -slow, for
routine here, says the Paris corre
spondent of the Brooklyn Eagle, is not
easily uprooted; a cook will never learn
to do differently from the way her
mother or grandmother did: she will
not understand that one kind of food
is more healthful than another; she
will never believe that In the "pot au
feu" boiled beef and broth, the nour
ishing ingredients all go up the chim
ney; she can never be made to believe
that brown bread contains more nour
ishment than white, that certain vege
tables are more nourishing than meat,
or that sugar Is not only put In dishes
to sweeten them, but that It contains
elements which Increase muscular
strength. In his book on "Alimenta
tion" Armand Gauthler proves that the
first notions of how to feed mankind
are ignored: but if the book were put
Into the hands of an ignorant house
keeper or cook, she would shrug her
shoulders and say. "Tout cela sont des
histoires" — all this does not mean any
thing.
IT will be of Interest to Americans
who have long been struggling
with the servant problem to hear
Those who have 6tudled the food and
its preparation in other countries are
preaching the new doctrine of having
cocking establishments In large cities,
and of having the dishes brought to
the house, as is done in Berlin: but
It will be a long time before this Is
Introduced Into French families, even
for those where every member has
some outside occupation, for after din
ner they build their fire, warm the
soup which was made early In the
morning, cook their vegetables and fry
their chop, and think this meal is much
more wholesome than any meal bought
outside or than food already: cooked In
cans. Which is right? So far statis
tics show that on an average the
French are the healthiest people and
live the longest.
As the question of servants and gen
eral cooking is one which at present is
being discussed in America, and as the
Americans look to France for the prop
er direction *of servants arid the proper
way- to live, it will not be amiss to
give the menus of the well-to-do mem
bers of the middle classes, for they
constitute In America, as well as in
Franc*;, the greater portion of the edu
cated population.
The Frenchman never loads his stom
ach In the early morning: he simply
takes a cup of coffee, chocolate or tea,
with a buttered roll, which an Ameri
can friend of mine contemptuously calls
the "LAtin breakfast," and to which
he has never become accustomed. The
hour for the second breakfast Is from
11* to r.oon. This consists of_ hors
d'oeuvres, that Is, an appetizer, such as
sardines, salted fish, radishes and other
raw vegetables: a good dish of meat,
well baked* or grilled, which Is eaten
alone ¦ or with potatoes, after, which
coffee, a cigar smoked in a leisurely
fashion and a small glass of liqueur,
and after this they go to the Bourse
and finish their business for the day.
Masters and servants take time to eat.
Hot bread and ice water are unknown.
The experiments with paper money
are_. being continued. - and it will be
necessary to Inoculate animals with
the bacteria taken from the bills before
it can be determined whether * ; such
money .carries germs which . produce
contagious diseases. A more extended
and conclusive report on this subject
¦will be made when Dr. Park finishes
his investigations.
"The Investigation so. far has estab
lished : that ; bacteria are not killed by
any substance in paper money, but re
main alive until' time and drying de
stroy them. No actual disease bacteria
have as yet been demonstrated."
•were taken from the children. Prom
the thirty-five pennies diphtheria bacilli
were obtained from three and ml
crococci from eight. From the seven
nickel coins streptococci were obtained
from one and staphylococci from two.
From the four dimes streptococci from
one and staphylococci from one.
"This practical test demonstrates
that coins taken from diphtheria cases
and equally certainly from other In
fectious cases are liable to spread In
fection if distributed within ¦ a few
hours after contamination.' A number
of coins ; were taken from persons suf
fering from tuberculosis and tested for
living tubercle . bacilli twenty-four
hours and forty-eight hours after re
moval. No living bacilli could be dem
onstrated."
"The persons actually sick with diph
theria and tuberculosis have not as a
rule had paper money which they had
recently, handled. Dirty bills taken,
from stores at random showed enor
mous numbers of bacteria, among
which were the staphylococci. These
occur, i not' only in septic infections, but
also in healthy skin. Thus from the
; washings . from ' one bill we obtained
135,000 " bacteria, from another 126,000.
\Two moderately dirty bills gave 2250
and 2000. respectively. Upon* all of these
staphylococci were found, but no dlpth
? therla or tubercle bacilli.
Health, and it holds a warning
against the habit of placing money in
the mouth.. It shows that while the
metal in coins possesses antiseptic
properties, infected coins may spread
disease if distributed within a few
hours after ' contamination, j The ex
periments with paper money will not
be 'completed for several weeks, but
the investigation so far has established
the fact that" paper money contains no
substance which will kill bacteria.
According to Dr. Park's report, in the
first experiment, the effect upon bac
teria of the metals In coins was tested
by covering coins with a' thin layer
of diphtheria bacilli. He gives this
table: ;¦ : ?v
Time elapsed
before • '.'
testing.
Cohip Infected: . No. Hours.- Result..
Copper pennies 6 48 "• All bacilli dead
vive-crnt nickels. ... 4 48 All bacilli dead
Dimes 4 48 All bacilli dead
Piece of glass ....... 1 48 BJfllU alive
Piece 'of paper 2 4S v- Bacilli alive
The results of this experiment showed
that the copper, nickel and silver coins
had 'distinct antiseptic properties. 'The
experiment then tried of dropping
coins In broth, and after twenty hours
inoculating the fluid with bacteria'. the '¦
copper and nickel coins made the bouil
lon strongly^ antiseptic.'. while the silver
did so only ; to *a slight extent.
Still .another experiment - . was the
dropping of coins upon a nutrient gel
atin. No development of .bacteria grew
In the • immediate vicinity* of the coins
and. this comment Is made by Dr.
Park: :
"The fact having been ¦ established
that'the metal in the coins tended to
destroy the bacteria. It was necessary
to see how soon such destruction took
place.: :/•,
"A large number of coins - were col
lected: from children having ,dlptherla
and- tested about six hours afterward
for pathologic bacteria. Thirty-five
pennies,' .four -dimes ¦ and ; seven nlckelo
there is a dish of cooked vegetables,
followed by cheese, '-preserves ".or. -fruit
Jn the season. Wine' mixed with water
is drunk and after, the .meal a. cup of
black coffee is served. All this. is taken
slowly- with a lot of flight "talk -to aid
digestion. The hours for dinner are
6:30, 7 and 7:30. The menu Is' a repeti
tion of the second- breakfast with the
addition of soup .-and of a sweet dish
served before dessert.' . «¦
French families -usually sit an hour
the principal function of the day, out
side; of business..
: "The French' live to, eat," I hear you
exclaim. Well,! considering that Amer
icans are now obliged. to spend so much
time"_ trying to. think out, remedies for
acute dyspepsia": and nervous' prostra
tion 'caused v by" eating too fast arid
working too muchj is it not reasonable
to think that they would have gained
some of their.- precious time v by court-
Ing, a. good' digestion.!- by 'remaining .a
little longer at table ?v, .¦ "
•— v R. THOMAS : DARLINGTON,
Y ' : ¦ I Commissioner of Health, has
LJ just made public the report on
5?fi the contamination of metal and
paper, money by disease bacteria which
he submitted to the House Committee
on Banking and Currency at Wash
ington. The report is the result of ex
periments conducted by Dr. William H.
Park, a. bacteriologist in the research
laboratory of the : Department of
or an hour and a half at ,-the dinner
table. W All entertainments begin late,
so that people need' not hurry their
dinner, for, whatever happens, that 13
OUR SERVANT PROBLEM IN PARIS
DEADLY BACTERIA ON OUR MONEY
The only drawback of this system
was that, as the campaign advanced,
the armies became clogged by large
numbers of coolies and other camp fol
lowers, who created a great deal of
trouble and committed excesses which
were wrongfully charged to the reg
ular troops. Some of the Japanese
commanders adopted a short way with
It is hardly necessary -to point out
the value of his mental attitude as a
military asset.
The Russian soldiers appear, as a
general rule, to lack the ability to
"shift for themselves" in matters of
transport and commissariat. If their
elaborate system of baggage trains
breaks down, as it may well do under
the strain of hard campaign, they are
utterly at a loss — unless they are Cos
sacks, Kalmucks or Turcomans, ac
customed from boyhood to picking up
their meals wherever and whenever
they can find them.
The Japanese, on the contrary,
showed during their war with China
a remarkable ability to create their
transport and commissariat apparently
out of nothing as they went along.
They did not trouble much about bag
gage trains; they had them, to be sure,
well supplied and well organized, but
the troops moved so quickly that they
were out of -touch with their wagons
half the time. They traveled in the
lightest possible order and picked up
any old native carts or, mules or cool
ies they chanced to meet, making them
serve the , necessities of the moment,
and then letting them go and getting
others farther on.
when his biscult3 are full or n\aggots,
when his clothes are shabby, when his
boots drop to -pieces, the Russian sol
dier," he said, "reasons it all out
slowly and can only come to' the con
clusion, so pathetic in its simple faith,
'Ah, if the Czar only knew!' Every
one within his reach he freely dis
cusses, criticizes and blames: he half
suspects that his' generals may be
fools, and he is sure that the commis
saries are rascals; but no thought of
censure ever crosses his mind against
the Czar."
"If a bridge formfng part of the
.nain line of communication of a great
army, is constructed across a large
river, _one end of it leading into a
miserable .'little' town with ' streets -so
narrow that two vehicles cannot pass,
you do riot find the lines of opposing
travel so clearly-marked that there
can be no divergence from them, and
men stationed at every corner to com
pel vehicles to take a certain direction,
but '-.you see ' two long ; lines of small
supply wagons gradually approaching
each ; other until they become jammed
and blocked Jn the middle of the town.
Several hours or, even a day or more
are occupied in unloading a half a
mile of wagons and dragging them out
backward: in order to reopen the com
munication: These are things which,
do not.. occur during the first days
or weeks, but throughout a whole
campaign of months."
These defects are, however, largely
offset by. the patient endurance of the
Russian soldier, born of his doglike
loyalty to the Czar. The American
military attache at Plevna was im
pressed by -that quality.
"When his battles result in defeats,
"If 40,000 prisoners - are suddenly
thrown on their hands, as at.the.sur
rendenof Plevna, no better expedient
presents itself than' to herd them out
In the snow In great flocks like sheep,
and let three days pass before" they get
anything to eat: .and 1 twelve days be
fore measures are perfected for march-
Ing them to the Danube, only twenty
miles off— thi prisoners "meanwhile
perishing by hundreds . every night, s
gencies and make orderly and efficient
arrangements for the welfare ; of : an
army. The military attache ; at - the
American legation at St.: -.Petersburg
served with". the Russian . forces In the
Turkish war. He formed a very poor
opinion of the Russian officers', ca
pacity In those respects, for he wrote at
the time:
Military experts say that only a
small proportion of Russian officers
possess the ability to cope with emer-
ably in every important war waged by
Russia during the last century. The
experience of the past indicates that
the Cossacks are the only body of Rus
sian soldiers who are mobile and well
fed on a campaign. They are mobile
because they always have large num
bers of spare horses, often two for each
man; they are well fed because of" their
skill In foraging.
Russian officers spend freely out of
their private funds during a campaign
in order to remedy the defects of thej
official transport and commissariat.
They have been obliged to do so even
during maneuvers.
The example was set by Skobeleff,
Russia's - greatest genei^l of 'modern
times, during the Russo-Turkish war.
He was a rich man and every ruble
h4 owned was at the disposal of his
beloved soldiers when they needed it.
All the official arrangements for feed
ing the men and caring for the sick and
wounded broke down utterly, and
Skobeleff was always putting his hand
in his pocket through that campaign.
On one • occasion he spent 15.000 rubles
to charter a steamer to take a number
of wounded men to Odessa for treat
ment. He never recovered from ths
Government the large sums he ex
pended.
Whn Skobeleff was praised to his
face for his generosity toward his
troops he replied unaffectedly:
"I owe everything to these men, and
the least I can do is to spend a few
thousand rubles to help them in th»ir
need."
That spirit animates most officers in
the Russian army to-day. General
Kuropatkln, General Grodekoff and
other famous -Russian officers trained
under Skobeleff followed his example.
Now it is regarded as the regular thing
in. the Russian army for an officer to
have to spend money on his men "to
remedy official shortcomings. It is to
be feared that "praft" has a great deal
to do with those shortcomings.
The regimental trains are supple
mented by a divisional train, attached
to each division of cavalry or infan
try. Its business is to replace the regi
mental stores as they are lost or con
sumed and to transport articles of sec
ondary importance not likely to be
often or urgently required. Large
numbers of spare horses are attached
to this divisional train, as is also a
hospital section, which Is subdivided
Into a divisional ambulance and two
field hospitals.
When campaigning the Russian sol
dier is supposed to carry two days* ra
tions on his person.' The regimental
trains carry rations for each man for
two days longer, and the divisional
trains for from two to four days, ac
cording to the arm of the service to
which they are attached, less being car
ried for the artillery and infantry than
for the cavalry. It Is reckoned that
fresh supplies should always be obtain
able from the surrounding country or
along the line of communications with
in the six or eight days allowed.
The system is a good one, but it is
Impossible to forget that the transport
and commissariat broke down miser-
The "v ast extent of the Russian em
pire and the comparative scarcity of
large towns and villages in Asiatic
Russia make it necessary for the gen
eral staff to assume that, in a cam
paign, the troops will usually have
to bivouac, and will rarely be billeted
upon the civic population. According
ly, the baggage trains attached to Rus
sian forces are larger than in most
armies. An army corps of 45.V00 men
Is officially supposed to be accompan
ied bv 2400 wagons, but the number
varies, of course, with the local con
ditions and the exigencies of the situa
tion. It is usually more, for it is
difficult to reduce it if each unit of the
force is to be properly supplied.
The unit of transport is the "pol
kovye obozy," or regimental baggage
train. Each regiment has two such
trains, called the first and the second
echelons. The first train, which keeps
op with the regiment or goes ahead of
It, carries ammunition, medical sup
plies, food, the indispensable part of
the officers' baggage, and other neces-
Bary articles likely to be immediately
required. The second echelon carries
supplies not so immediately necessary,
which can be left behind well In the
rear whenever the tactics of the com
manding officer require. These sup
plies include harness, reserves of food,
technical material, movable kitchens,
religious emblems, etc.
*— \ EMEMBERIXG Napoleon's fa-
T J mous saying that "an army
r\ crawls on its stomach." the Rus-
J^sJaa, and Japanese leaders are
devolinc: the greater part of their time
and thought to the jrrcat problem of
how they are to feed their forces as
thfym-iv* them over an immense and
corcjiaratjrfjy barren terrain.
Theoretically the transport and com
missariat arrangements of both the
yiusria:i ami the Japanese armies are
well nigh perfect. They have won the
enthusiastic admiration of military ex
perts of many nationalities, and none
have admired them more than United
States officers. But the theory of
peace time is vastly different from the
sierr. practice of war. Theoretically,
the CJrceli transport and commissariat
were all that they should have been in
the Thessaly campaign, while the
Turkish services were all that they
thould not have been. But the world
knows how the Greek organization
broke down miserably, and how the
Turkish commanders managed some
how to feed their men arid move them
across the country from one victorious
field to another. The present war will
test conclusively the value of the Rus
sian and Japanese theories, but some
light is thrown upon them by previous
campaigns in which their armies have
engaged.
Japanese army. V/ . 4^
It would appear from recent re
ports that the food arrangements of
the Japanese forces now In the field
are excellent. According to one state
ment, each Infantry unit has a cylin
drical stove and. detachable kettle cap
able of cooking enough rice to furnish]
one meal for 100 men. Nine such
stoves and kettles are used for cook
ing for a battalion. Boxes containing 1
half-pound cans of meat are carried
by four horses for each battalion. The
question of water supply has been
carefully considered, doubtless owing:
to the fact that the sickness among
the Japanese troops in the Peking ex
pedition consisted almost entirely of
typhoid fever. Each unit carries a
quantity of sodium sulphate to purify;
the drinking water.
(Copyright. 1904. by T. C. McOlure.)|
these obnoxious persons, driving them
out of the army on pain «f dea£.«
soon as their services were over. After
the war it was pretty general y agreed
that no similar nuisance should be tol
erated in another campaign.
During the advance to the relief of
the besieged legations at P«*lns-th»
Japanese commissary was. by common
agreement of the foreign officers, bet
ter than that of any of the European
troops; and the Japanese soldiers
showed a genius for foraging and ac
commodating their appetites to the food
available In the conutry.
Instead of using heavy wagons liabla
to.be bogged or to tire out the horses,
the Japanese had a great number of
light hand carts-much like the push
carts of the Italians In New York and
other American cities. These carts .are
drawn by coolies. or by the
themselves, and they were so lightly
laden that they Interfered little, tf ai
all. with the mobility of the force. The
horse and mule carts were of the small
est type and lightly built. Spare ani
mals were made to carry their own
fodder, and that of the other animals
as well.
These measures were rendered neces
eary by the smallness and weakness or
the Japanese horses, which are about
the scrawniest animals of their kind.
The Russians, on the contrary, are well
supplied with large, strong, well-bred
horses. Horse breeding on an immense
scale was brought to a high pitch of
success in Russia by the late Count
Orloff. and the type of horse used in
the Russian army to-day is mainly
that which Is known as the Orlott
horse."
The newly broken horses of the
steppes are also used to a considerable
extent, especially by the Cossacks and
the Turkestan contingents.
In the Turcoman campaigns in Cen
tral Asia camels were employed, but
they are hardly ever used to-day by
Russian troops. Thousands of dogs are
pressed into service, however, mainly
for transporting soldiers and supplies
in sledges across Lake Baikal.
In the present campaign the Mikado's
fighting man is carrying a great deal
more food with him than his Russian
adversary-. Against the latter's two
days' rations, he carries two cooked
rations of rice in addition to six emer
gency rations. These are contained in
an aluminum mess part, and as the rice
has been boiled and dried in the sun
the entire weight is trifling.
It is commonly supposed that the
Japanese soldier lives entirely on rice
and dried fish, but such is not the
fact. He can live, and fight well, on
that spare, diet if necessary, but he
Is given meat and other sustaining
foods whenever practicable, as well as
beer or "sake." Several years ago a
military commission was appointed by
the Mikado to inquire why the phy
sique of the -Japanese troops was in
ferior to that of the British. German
and other armies. The . commission
came to the conclusion that beef and
beer helped to build ur> the stalwart
frames of Occidental fighting men,
and since then beef and. beer have
been included In the diet scale of the
THE- SAN,;FRANGISCOaSUNDAY, aCALU
TIMELY TOPICS OF THE WORLD
HOW THE TWO ARMIES ARE MOVED
14Scot in Rtissia |
Kentucky is the greatest State -on
the list for the consumption of chew
ing gum. When- a gum drummer finds
he must- sell a big bill or surrender his
portfolio he at -once , heads for.-Louis
ville. The statistics of sales of that
Gum Chewing
American "sky-scrapers" are a<con
stant source of wonder to our; English
cousins across, the pond.. \ London Is
now about to attempt {competition in
the shape, of aSOOrfoot building'which
will stand where now is the St. Bar
tholomew 'Hospital. J- : U
The WesWhlnster -/ Gazette In com
menting on ..the proposed structure
says: ;' "It; : wIHCcertainly be " the j most
striking : architectural feature i in Lon
don. v -;But : even such ','ah exalted 'edi
fice as- this' would ' make [ a very poor
show ; by/ the sidej;6f v the :; 'creation-.
licking' ' building is about to
shoot up : to i the sky in ! New York. - ; The
contemplated i skyscraper '• will \ rise * half
as high ¦¦ again ' as • StJj Paul's .Cathedral;
233 ; feet ! higher than -its/nearest ) rival;
it will have a? frontage of ' 212 feet and
a ; depth rahgi ng- from •. 100 to 123 "• feet.
; No industry has made such strides In
Greece of recent years as the culture
of tobacco. Till quite lately the tobacco
grown in Greece was only . smoked in
the kingdom itself;' but " last year it be
gan to take it3 place in the European
markets, thanks/ to the greater . care
taken In; the choice- of plants and- in
their cultivation, and also to the mo
nopoly, which f has caused : such 1 a rise
in /the *price bf-'Turkish tobacco. v/In
Greece there is\riq tax whatever on the
growth. of ! tobaccoand there is no mo
nopoly, so ' that -no restraint ;i»' placed
oh; the :.of '.the plant. But,
oh the i other j hand,' ' tobacco" can/ only
be cut up, and 'cigarettes can only be
made in the state mahu f actc lies', where,
however, the merchants are allowed to
use their own machinery. A tax and
a' stamp \duty has to be 5 paid, which
comes tcr rather less than half a crown
/per "pound/of tobacco/ .The . 'state v; also
reserves; the; right of ".manufacturing"
cigarette ;; papers, t and from this and
Huge Sky Scraper
Greek Tbbaccov?
"I guess that'll cash," he concluded.
"I'll cash it," said a companion/ and
he did. . .» • .,
It was indorsed and deposited with
the -People's Safe Deposit Company of
Jersey City Heights for collection. / ';
The check was withdrawn by cash
deposit, and will be framed and raffled
during the fair. , ; \
The Arlon Singing Society of Jersey
City, . desiring to •• give a fair.. In April,
sent its committee out for subscrip
tions. A member, Frederick Menzen
hauer, was encountered in a restau
rant and asked to subscribe. "I'd give
you $10 if I had my check : book."
"Hold on a minute," he added, seeing a
waiter entering with his weekly pack
age of laundry. "Hand me one of those
shirts.". - . •
Cutting out the bosom he' drew his
check thereon on the Second National
Bank of Hoboken. '
"Stiff" Check
A favorite method of trout, thieves' is
to take ; a sack or .bag, weight it with
stones,'-: and place it, : mouth up-stream,
in , the , narrowest ' part of ,' ; the brook,
says Harper's Weekly.*- Then o'rieof the
rascals -comes ¦ down-stream, i/, wading,
poking 'Under the banks^ .with : a stick,
and scaring the' trout, who rush down
stream into the sack. )' This sort^of
thing, varied now and then by explod
ing dynamite /under. : the water and
gathering the. dead 1 or stunned , flsh,
which float, has out some of
our public trout waters.' In other, words,
these ; - thieves have robbed the public,
and .have: sold the f proceeds of. the rob
bery; for! their; own ; benefit:'; The game
laws are hot : 'nearly. /stringent enough.
Fines never deter such rascals -from-at
tempting" to -reimburse themselves, "im
prisonment" at' hard labor" is- the only
antidote.';;-. ?:; ' • • .*
•* In- Europe trout poachers have the
reputation of catching \ trout with their
bare | hands.' .The. process,* in , Ireland,; is
called "tickling." r I : could scarcely - be
lievethat jthiB '.thing \ was ;d6ne-^that
the most 'timid and wary "of 'fish could
be caught by "thV naked hands] :; Read-,
ing of one fellow sent; to 'Jair for .'.'tick
ling" trout, I wascurlbus enough 'to try
the "* process myself . in. the 'presence of
an 'angler as "witness." r found _', It ' the
simplest { thing" in 1 the'; world, as ' far "as
the "tickling" .. was^concerned. ; The ; dif
ficulty ; appeared v to ; lie ) in • approaching
the trout. '/But ¦ I ; found [that this 'could
bedone^aimost'eVery^tlme: by quiet,
adroit' maneuvering, 1 ' and; I shall * never
forget! 4 the 'astonished face of .my . friend
heart. The fact shows that the brain
in certain stages of activity can act
on the organic functions. If there is
a nervous current from the brain to
the organs there is .also, perhaps, a
contrary current from, the organs to
the brain. Drs. Cromer, Liebault and
others maintain 1 that some hypnotic
subjects perceive their internal organs
and even those of other persons with
whom they are in hypnotic relations.—
London Globe. . ,
Climbing on board, she reassured
the sailors as best she could, for she
speaks little French, and then, taking
her place at ' the rudder; steered the
boat with marvelous adroitness past
dangerous reefs . to .,Pen-ar-R6ck,: dis
tant » about two hours by. rowing; from
the Pyramldede" Runion. ¦
Rose Here is so poor that, the British
consul at Brest has started a sub
scription for her. But she is obviously
rich' in something more valuable than
money.— London Mirror.
Rose ran down to the foot of the
cliffs, .and without losing • a moment
plunged into the boiling surf dressed
as she was and swam to the boat.
which was drifting wildly at the
mercy of the strong currents among
a mass of - dangerous reefs. . " ' -
The occupants of the boat, afraid to
throw themselves into the sea on ac
count of the swift tide, plied , their
oars with the courage of despair and
shouted aV the top of their voices for
assistance. . "
Trout Poachers
to the floor.v The /teacher then tells
Confucius the day,' the month and the
year when the school' is opened and
begs for his favor. . 'Every morning
when the pupils arrive J they must bow
twice, once ' for the | teacher and once
for Confucius.— Everybody's Magazine.
»•¦ — ; — - — ; * '' . . ; a
Many a witless wight who has "done
time" in Ludlowfor the nonpayment
of a wife's '/weekly allowance, will re
joice and be glad. : There is already talk
of .organizing a' benefit- committee " to
raise funds for a testimonial to Senator
Russell as, a token of regard from mem
bers of the "Alimony Club."
A proposed bill;^denying remarried
divorcees alimony v is hailed -with re
joicing by the actors of New York. Up
and down the Rialto and out along the
"road"," the joyful "news has spread.
Senator Russell has proved himself the
actors' friend they. say by introducing
a .bill depriving divorced women who
remarry the right to alimony.
•Many a leading man .who has been
kept in the woods and forbidden to par
ade Broadway by reason of the arrears
of alimony piled up in the New York
courts will rejoice, 'for there Is hope
that; some day his former spouse ' will
marry- again, if -she has not already
done so.. ' * . * - - '
BERLIN can now lay claim to
having the most thrilling "loop
the loop" act of them all. At
any rate, it is a new feature
that is being talked about all over Eu
rope, where there are !ikely to be very
few imitators, owing to the terrible
risk of life and limb involved.
This new act is executed upon a cir
cular track, the same in every respect
as that used in the old "loop the loop"
feat, which in itself was thought to be
the very extreme of daring, with the
exception that a large section of the
track, at the top of the loop in this ln-
stance, has been removed. Thus, when
the rider comes spinning dawn the
long slope which gives his bicycle the
momentum necessary to carry it round
and up and over in a huge somer
sault it spins in the air at the top. with
absolutely nothing to guide it until it
has completed the arc and begun the
downward plunge along the remainder
of the loop. ;*;
If the momentum were not gauged to
a mathematical nicety there is abso"
lutely nothing to save the rider from
instant death, or worse, a terrible
mangling. However, the Germans are
enjoying the novel sensation to the ut
most.
DARING NEW LOOP ACT
IX ancient Egypt, before a dead
body could be borne to the grave
it was solemnly tried before forty
two judges, who sat' crescent-wise
an the banks of the sacred lake. By
the margin, lay a boat, rowed by one
who impersonated the Egyptian equiv
alent for Charon. Any accuser was at
Mberty to lay what charge he pleased
against the departed arfd, if it was sus
tained, the remains, were denied burial
in consecrated ground. If the'accusa-
tion failed, the mummy was. borne on
the sacred bark to the caverns of the
dead, and the accuser had himself to
pay the penalty appointed for the crime
he had laid to the charse of the de
parted. ,: • . :'
No Alimony Bill
The grafting of fruit trees, says Pub
lic Opinion, has to-day become Euch a
common operation that there is no need
to present the ordinary methods, but
what is less well known is that one
may takn young fruits of certain spe
cies and graft them on the branches of
other trees. La Nature, Paris, pub
lishes a photograph showing how a
pear of one variety was grafted on a
branch not its parent. The bark was
slit at the end of a branch and into
this slit the stem of the fruit was In-
*^r MONG the many monuments
f j erected by Japan to commem*
I I orate her signal defeat of the
X Chinese army some six years
ago was one that 'is perhaps the most
unique on earth. It is In the form. of
a huge bayonet standing upright on a
column of granite, which is itself
mounted upc-n j a" large ' pedestal, and
the whole inclosed by a spiked iron
fence. The blade is suitably inscribed
in Japanese characters extolling the
bravery of the soldiers who fell in bat
tle. This monument is one of the sights
of Seoul, Korea.
Civilization and the unnatural hab
its into which men drift are held re
sponsible for many conditions of ill
health, and a more natural life would
presumably relieve the difficulty, says
the American Medical Association Jour
nal. The latest cure for appendicitis,
ats announced by cable from Berlin, Is
for the patient to walk on all fours
for twenty minutes four times a day.
The theory on which this treatment is
based is that "certain muscles around
tne vermiform appendix are brought
intt) play and strengthened by this
quadrupedal cure, which are unused
when a biped walks erect; others are
relaxed, and the localized inflammation
has opportunity to subside." Exercise
is often beneficial, and a change of
habit might pacify a . grumbling ap
pendix. Before long, therefore, we may
see our hospital corridors and sola
riums full of patients walking on all
fours.
A Uasqtie
Military
Memorial
Unique Cure
(Written after reading Markham'
\ ; world famous poem.) \
Bowed by the weight of capital;
He leans
;i ."Upon his bank,
-And gafes on the ground
That looks to him to people it
With 'all producing industries; .
'. He the 'emptiness of ages
.With his energy, -
And on his credit bears
The burden of a world
That needs his strength:
Wealth makes him dead
To doubting and despair,
A thing that grieves not
And who always hopes.
Stolid and stunned, .
The brother to the bs
Is raised by him '-"'t'
To higher brotherhood.
' Who loosens and lets down the Jaw
That chews up poverty? -
• Whose hand slants back the tide
Of panic and defeat?
.. Whose breath blows out
~ The light of failure and decay?
The man with the "dough." *;£^
And don't you forget it. ;
WILLIAM J. LAMPTON.
Man Wit&VDotigK
The returns of the work at the Paris
mint In 1903 show the value of gold
coins struck on! for France and Its- col
onies as $17,852,620, sirVer $316,700, nickel
$SOO,000 and bronze $108,790. . ,. ;
Fruit Grafting
A Flemish artist has produced what
•!= said to be the smallest painting in
the world. It is a picture of a miller
mounting the stairs of his mill and car
ryinp a sack of grain on his back. The
mill is depicted as standing near a ter
race. Close at hand are a horse and
cart, with a few groups of peasants
idling in the road near by. All this is
painted O7i the smooth side of a grain
•jf ordinary white corn. It is neces
sary to examine It tinder a microscope,
and it is drawn with perfect accuracy.
It does not cover a half-inch square,
and it is In many respects one of the
most r?mnrkable art productions of the
day.-Tit Bits.
Grais* of Corn
from the duty on tobacco Greece last
year realized over half a million sterl
ing. The cultivation of .-tobacco has
been greatly stimulated and to-day
Greece produces four times as much
as she needs for her own consumption.
The leaf has ".ot got the peculiar and
delicate aroma which distinguishes the
very best Turkish, but it la quite as
good as the ordinary tobacco of Mace
donia and Albania, much of which has
long been sold in the European market.
when I lifted from a pool a plump
trout, and held him in the palm of my
hand, just on the surface of the water.
Half a dozen times I lifted the same
trout, tickling him gently on the belly
and side's. He appeared to like it, lying
over'against my, hands like a cat who
courts rubbing. I found that I could
do almost anything with the trout, car
rying them in my hand for a'few'mo
ments before returning them to the
water/* :*'l
The girls employed in the potteries
of England are good-looking and well
dressed. They have taste, which is cul
tivated by the art work of the fac
tories. Many of them are more stylish,
perhaps, than their position' seems to
warrant, but this is easily explained.
They buy their clothes by a system
known as "Maxims." This means that
twelve girls subscribe one shilling a
week. The money is held by a 'fore
woman, and when there is sufficient
cash to buy a hat or dress the girls
draw lots, and the winner has the new
dress, while the other subscribers have
to wait their turn. Then, in all the
glory of ribbons and finery, the lucky
girl appears on Sunday.
Lottery Clotnes
New York is pre-eminently the candy
city of the world. It has more estab
lishments engaged in its manufacture
and more stores handling it than any
city on earth. The output of England,
France and Germany is not as large
as the output of the United States; and
probably 'New York City alone pro
duces more than either of the three
countries .alone. The iron and steel
output of New York State together do
not equal in value the candy output.
The basffiCCa has assumed the propor
tions of a giant among the manufac
turing industries.
STRANGEST TRIBUNAL IN HISTORY
The Candy City
The French Grti'ce Darling— otherwise
Rose Here; ftsherwoman— becomes not
less heroic as later and fuller 'ac'counts j
of her' exploits at Ushant reveal ' the
extent of her daring 'and bravery. ?
. She was gathering shellfish; on, the
rocks-, near the Pvramide..de Runion,
whenrout of the fog she jheard despair
ing cries, v'and looking ;<s|award; per
ceiVeda; boat containing'fourteenmen
French Heroine
_ — _^ — _— - — : -—- — _ — !^j
H- — " ~~
Celery for Beauty
Each v, Chinese must v fur
nish his (own stool and ! table, for'schbol
work, and the iv "f our" precious ¦ articles,'.'
which 'are the "Ink; slab, a cake 'bt India
ink. , a Y brush 'for -writing^"arid paper.
With (these he^ begins ': his 'weary j task
of, learning to write 'and read, the thou
sands of Chinese 'characters.-;,' These
are ' to .'open':), the.' way *. to -the Chinese
classics, ' and; a knowledge of this an;
"clent- literature and Vwisdom means
educatio'n to theChinese. At the open
ing' of . a Chinese (School a paper oh
which is \written ; the name of Con
fucius is pasted on the" wall. Before
.this name the pupils arid
teachers burn paper money and Joss
sticks and . bow their heads three limes
The total distance traveled through
space along the arc of the circle de-
fy IRCLING : the ?aexial arch is the
I A- ¦; newe's'iif eat in risking 'life for en
• XjJ ; tertalnment. 'j-Y' / *
, • Experts in such matters declare
it is; not -only, the most graceful but the
most; daring .act of its -kind ever per
formed.. . • •'". '¦'':¦ -
The. feat;" wa~~ accomplished for the
flr^t time In;' j*- country at Fairvlew,
N. J., ;< a\ few*days ".ago "by : - Dr. C. > B.
Clark, who- has ''abandoned/ medical
practice • for -the more? lucrative calling
of cycling through -.space. ~ ,
.Starting .from- a point forty-five feet
from". the , ground. Dr. Clark -mounts a
170-pouridbldycle, coasts down a plank,
and after! attaining a" velocity estimat
ed p.t 83 miles, an • hour, machine -and
rider are thrown "into : :. the air by a
sudden else at the v bottom of the plank
way. The terrific j momentum carries
the "i performer, still upright on his bi
cycle, into, theSwii- to a height of twen
ty-two feet from the ground and
across a gap in the staging forty-two
feet wide.
He^is now 26 years of age, weighs
130 pounds; has never smoked a cigar
or drank a drop of whisky, and adopt
ed his Dresent hazardous calling for
love of the excitement it affords.
Dr. Clark earned $50 a week in the
practice of medicine and He will earn
$1000 a week as "Volo, the Volltant."—
New York World.
• The time which elapses from the in
stant that Dr. Clark starts on his per
ilous flight through space, is just four
and one-fifth seconds. . . 'ly'.--
This brings both wheels on a- level
just. as* the bicycle strikes the landing
platform, which is seven feet above
the ground. The machine seems to re
gain its lost impetus and shoots down
an" incline to 5 the ground level, where
it Is stopped by a "mechanic" -placed
fifty feet way. . '
scribed by the human missile is calcu
lated at fifty-six feet.
Hanging ' for ¦ an Instant in the - air,
with the front wheel of his machine
"pointing skyward, the' performer sud
denly throws his head forward with
the same motion used in throwing- a
forward somersault. '
GHinesej'ScKbol
Cenestkesia
Those expert in '"matters of food
values opine that celery has more po
tency than any drug in the world for
producing bright eyes and a clear com
plexion. It must be eaten raw. It is
not only a beaUtifier but promotes
health in various ways and inspires
energy, good temper and nerve-poise.
London greengrocers have' been sur
prised at the increasing _ demand . for
celery. The explanation is that a large
coterie of smart and pretty women, to
gether with' an equally large-section
not so conspicuous . for their pulchri
tude, have created a. celery beauty
cuit. . : -i -¦**.;: •*'
; "Cenesthesla" is the' name given to
the general feeling we have of the ex
istence of our own bodies. This sense
of existence'- is chiefly owing, to acci
dental and local Impressions awaken
ing or stimulating the . sensibility, but
it "is completed by ; a certain ; : obverse
consciousness of the exercise ' of or
ganic functions — for . example, respira
tion. It is' by this sensation that the
spiritual Ego perceives itself existing
locally in the llmitedi'exte.nt of ; the or
ganism. In perfect health this feel
ing Is continuous, uniform and equal/
and, therefore, not. special or local. In
order to be remarked.a/certain exalta
tion of well being or' distinct uneasi
ness Is* required. In the hyphdtlc state
certain subjects have a more or less
distinct perception of their internal or
gans and can exert certain action over
them. In fact they can modify at will
all the functions of the^ "vegetative"
life— for instance, the ! beating' of'* the"
serted,' the fruit ripening as though it
had never been disturbed from the
original^ place of growth. This method
seems to open up a wide field, as well
from the scientific as from the practical
point of view. It is easy to see all the
advantage that could be derived from
the method for the purpose of.trans
porting fruits, from trees too heavily
loaded, to those which have few fruits
upon them. . . .
Half covered with postage : stamps,
a large cocoanut, in all its hairy,cover
ing,; was 'received. through -'the'' mails "at
the Louisville', postofflce, says the Cour
ier-Journal. The! nut .was plainly ad
dressed on: one- side, = ; where the hair
had been scraped" off smoothly,, . and
was delivered by thepostmanl'with his
regular mail. Of the -many .unique
packagesand "things" received" in the
mail this was the' oddest, for the cocoa
nut .was without ; "wrappings; of any.
kind,' and did not even have : a tag at
tached. The nut was addressed, in ink
on one : smooth side, and just above
the address were the stamps/-
Far more famous was John Elphin
son, who rose to bo a rear admiral In
the Russian navy. His elderly son be
came a captain in the same navy and
the second In that of the United States.
Under Elphinson, another famous
Russo-Scot served In the person of Sir
Samuel Grcig, son of a ship owner in
Flfeshire. Greig entered the Russian
navy in 1764. under Admiral Elphin
son's command, and did wonders in
remodeling: the discipline and educat
ing the officers. When he died, in 1788,
he was given a state funeral. His son,
Alexis Samullvich, became an admiral
in the Russian fleet. It was a Scot
named Mackenzie who first called at
tention to the strategic possibilities of
Sebastopol. The hand the Scots took
in the Crimean war has been immor
talized in poetry.
The F.ussian navy has practically
been made by Scots. One of the least
known of those was Admiral Sir Thom
as Gordon. Governor of Kronstadt. The
Jacobites cf 1713 tried to Induce -him
to advise the Crar to send a Russian
fleet down the Scotch coast. •>
Verily, the Scot abroad is a history
Admiral Stark, of Port Arthur dis
aster fame, was probably of Scottish
descent. Every man of that name In
the Dictionary of National Biography
has Scots blood, »although, curiously
enough, all have attained fame in Eng
land, with the exception herein above
noted.
commodity wquldlead a stranger to
believe that every.one in the city keeps
his jaws working all the.time.
It Is wrong to; assume that; chewing
gum and breath drops are'^used by
those who drink, habitually and by to
bacco , hoes 'solely. The. women; .use
them quite as much, jThe sales;,in the
United States', of breath' dropY ¦-¦ alone
amount yearly, to over $1,000,000, show
ing how the little things will mount up.
*-^ —_ : — - ¦ —-*'
/ ."'-*'""
Odd Mail'•Package:
soon as a train, stops.*. ¦';(:' / ''/;
- -More^than a ..decade^ a£o the;offlcers
of , that road /-'conceived the ; idea of
raising, enouirh 1 flotf era -'to^enable "them
to throw in the! lap « "of^ each woman
passenger a /bou^onniere j'of £cut, flow
ers.,. An employe In uniform, -bearing. a
basket ; filled V with * the t' favors, . passes
through the train T .distributing ..{the
fragrant bunches.^; : > ;£ ; • £ %\
The hew/building *:not only,' holds a
never-failing supply.; of -fflowers '\{ for . the
tiny bouduets fo'r)the!iwomeh,folk»ibut
in it are, stored 'thousahds.'of plants
that in ! the^Xspring^/'arev*' shipped ;to
everji>-part of jthe systeih.^io be used
in beautifying station' grounds. ,/':/
. pver/a'jhaif. million twomen annually,
get free bouquets at Nlles.rMlch, where
the Michigan Central Railroad V.* has
just rebuilt/its ;not-house on -'a scale
that .doubles its former capacity. It
matters not whether] It ¦ be midwinter
or .the blistering; months -of • summer,
there is a; fragrant- shower of;cut'flow
ers at this pretty -country station-, as
Flowers Eh' Route
AERIAL BICYCLE LEAP
There -will? be stories,' '.with- ac
commodation for 7000 tenants,' who will
pay : £300,000 a: year; In j rent;.' and ; the
estimated cost of the bulldlng'isa mil
lion ..pounds ; ...sterling. ;•¦ , .: Every;^> man,
womair and /child ! In t Manchester} could
find standing-room- wlthin;the walls* of
this truly; wonderful building. '
THE SCRAP BOOK PAGE
THEVSAN; FRANCISeO^SUNDAYKGALIi;
15NAME
PUZZLES
THE SAN FRANGISCCK;SUNDAYi CALIi.
Unique Compass
Petaluma ;> George Oeltjen, Petaluma;
Ella Know land,/ Paso -Robles; Ethelyn
Riebllng, * 121 Olive - avenue, 'San Fran^
Cisco; Harold Williams, Berkeley; Eli
nor* Brown;. San Rafael; Albert Margoi
2409 Pacific avenue, San, Francisco ;.Ger-'
;tfude v H66d,' Frultvale; "'Jeannette
Chase, ; Lodi ; • Rica Carney, ;
Walter Jarvis, Fresno ; . Marcia Benson, ;
Petaluma; . Carolina Greene, 1 Vallejo;
Lester. '. - Vandres, Vallejo; • . DorotHv "
Feder, 762 Harrison street, San , Fran
cisco; ; Willard* Sullivan, - South San
Francisco; . Irene, WlBslng,.- 240 - Four
teenth street," San Francisco; Ruth
Dunckhorst,' Sacramento; C. E.' r Thomp
son,'822 East-Fifteenth street* Oakland;
Mollle Welter, Wallejo ; ; Opal ', Da vispn,
844 'Fifty-eighth^/ street, / Oakland;
Thomas ' O'Connell, 4042"'Twenty-fo^rth
street, San Francisco; ;" Bertha". Buj'ch,
1301 ¦;.. Larkin street",? San / Fran^Bc6;v
Stella Utzerath, TempletonV ;.; Nettie
Ingham. Gilroy; Harry, Kolb, PaloAlto; '
Abbie Trade, 1792 Fifteenth street! *San
Francisco ; " Ruth Brandon, Watsonville ;
Harry Curtis,- 312 Oak street, 1 San Flran-
bert, 428 East Fourteenth street, Oak
land; Ruth Wiles. Tulare; Jeannette
Inglis,.132O Masonic avenue; San^Fran
cisco; Charles Young, 442 | Fouriteenth
street, San Francisco;. Frank -Radford,
2553 Folsom street,'. San ¦ Francisco;
Maudie Marcus, -934: Geary street, San
Francisco; Ray Upton, 927 Wood street,
San Francisco; George Wilkens, 42%
Erie street, San Francisco; ; Martha
Huffaker, Allendale; John Murray, "San
Quentin; Ben Dunphy. Menlo/ParW; J.
Cabrera, Menlo Park;. W. -Wood,' Menlo
Park; Anna Paul, Sulsun; Edna Lund,
Suisun; Mabel Lund, Suisun;. Fred
Berriesford, Sacramento; Alyce Boger,
622 Fillmore street, San' Francisco;
Grace. Porter, Modesto; Annie Curtis,
Pacific Grove; Violette Jones. Merced;
Elmer Short, 124A X Silver street, San
Francisco; Mildred Smith, 1514 Devisa
dero street. San Francisco; Mildred
Goetz, 422 Francisco street, San Fran
cisco; Mildred Tade, 2217 ' Dwlght .way,
Berkeley: Katharine Inglls, 1320 Ma
sonic . avenue. San" Francisco;' Warren '
Early, Petaluma; Genevleve Farrell,
;.,-;.• ,: ; REMEMBER— To the FIRST ONE HUNDRED AND. FIFTY BOYS AND GIRLS who solve the twelve
Name Puzzl^\correctly, v one of )these;.ONE^HtJNpRED "AND FIFTY BEAUTIFUi; PRIZES will be awarded.
i'": ',;..' And^ donH^foi*Ketthis.next point, becalise 'it Is very Important: 'ALL ANSWERS; -MUST REACH
THIS OFFICE! BY./ FRIDAY; NOON. those in .the country , an equal .chance 'to . compete.
Read everything on this page, t6 be sure* that 3'ou overlook nothing that will help you to win a prize. .
- C -;•" '-' ¦. THE 'NAMES 1 9FJ THE \ LUCKY -WINNERS -WILL BE PUBLISHED IN \ THE ; SUNDAY CALL TWO
WEEKS ifROSi: TO-DAY, ;Aprll'24.> , . ,^
¦¦." * Tliese :'jyrc ' thej TWENTY BEAUTTFUL \ BOOKS ' from which you may choose If you solve all the pni
zles coiTCctly.i-r,^y.*'-V^ - i '•...>•_ .;.•-' ' '->.-.-" ¦¦¦ ¦.,;.¦•' :«¦ -. .•..-..'•.¦ ..',-> ¦¦;..•*,-.;-:; ..-. ¦
The Blithcdale Romance, by. Hawthorne; . Clirifstie's T Old Organ, * by Walton ; Evangellne, by Longfel
low: . The ; Fairy j Land \ of Science. / by > Buckley ; ;< Greek Heroes, \ by Klngsley ; The Song of Hiawatha, by Long
fellow ; j Kidnaped; \ by, " Stevenson ; i Ifucllei V by. Meredith ; i: Mine : ; Own People,- by \ Kipling ; ¦ Mosses From ; an ; Old
Manse, by^ Hau tliorne : Dog ; of ; Flanders, 'by/Onlda;"" Paradisej Regained, » by Miltbn:^The ¦ Phantom Rickshaw,
oy^Kipltag;VPliitaitdi f « : ;Livesr'Pinie r and;:I,Vby;c^ a
Barroom," by ¦" Artliur; Through the Lookiiig ;Glass,:;by . Carroll: TK e Water Babies, by ; Kingsley; Window
in Thrums, by. Barrie. -;:.?;; ; 'r J • /, t .
PLKASE DONT SEND IX- ANY. TINTYPE ? P1CTUKES''OK PROOFS THAT ARE UNTONED— which
means that they will fade as soon a s Uiey are exposed to the'sun, and don't forget to'.wrlte your name and
address on the back of each ami. r cvcr"y photograph." 1 And fby all means be^surc tliat: you are a prize win
ner bcfoi-e you send .ih^any "picture at nil. " : --'• V : '" - ','{.' ¦ •'-<
J And rcmeinber thisV iYou.wiHali have a chance not only to , win one of those 150 prizes, .but get
your pictured published asXvreUo^Tlie*. Puzzle v Editor wimts all the prize winners to send in their/pictures
—the whole 150 .every week if.*j>osslblq.. Begin right now. /^ Don't wait. Tlje more the merrier. "There
canti r be"tob many, ','¦' But "remember, onlyitlic^pilzo winners can have their pictures published.".^
,;THERE AREONE HUNDRED AND PRIZES, andthis Is whatyou must do to win one of
themr'- '¦'_:::'}'!: ' : " i ' ; '. : ':¦•¦¦-•:'¦•. ' r r ' ¦: >: - f . r - !f y - ' ¦¦-' ¦ - - ; , ¦/
""Find the*nanfcs of Ten ¦'¦¦ Different Insects (represented " in tlie small puzzle pictures im this page and
write ¦ them v out* In 'the space opposite the proper corresponding, number, provided for thei purpose in the
coupon on thisi nageV' as » per. directions; flll; in ttlie • coupon ; wlth your name and address and;the prize you
desire^ — if yoxt 4sln— and send the coupon to the EDITOR OF THE: NA3IE PUZZLE' PAGE, Sunday CalL
San Francisco/ 1 Cal.:' '. . . ri ?.. '•" '-.' ' ;. .;'// \ rV? -' ' '¦ v -¦ ?-.•'.' - : ' ' ' '¦« ¦
l'orhistancc, have you ever seenin weevil. • Isn't that a funny name^-WEEVlL? Well, it is" a very
funny insect. And do anyiof you know what an earwig Is like? 1 * Have you ever sccnv one? •> or an ant lion
or a dragon fly or a daddy lon^, legs or. ar-but..Qf. course yoaijiave all seen a daddy long legs.
. , Well, even if you. haven't you can go to your library. and find a book on this subject just full' of pic
tures of all sorts of insects. Arnietl with that*. you will have no difficulty whatever hi. solving these puzzles,
but, however, -if *.y,ou;; arc. as clever as the : Pnzzlc Kditor thinks you ai*e you will know all about tlicse-ln
sccts without ;havlns:: to look them up. '¦:'_rniey?a*ro\'e*asy.'-rjWt\'try anil see. Don't forcet, there is a beau
tiful prize' andJyour ipictureMnv the Gallery of Honor if 'you'win. ; ' r ;
*y~t H, children, .were- you surprised at the Qddpuzzlcs last week? Weren't they exciting? Three dlffer
[ I :«it kinds of puzzles in one to guess. Perhaps you tlid not like them as well us the single set. WelL
\~\. the Puzzle Editor has ffone. back to that son this ,wcc^c. . The puzzle pictures on this page all rep-
JL rcscrit Insects^— all kinds of insects. Of course you know, all about insects. You surely do if. you
have any^powcr of observation,' coupled with a keen i memory of what you see' and read and hear.' .- V
i||atTF|f| Prfs^s;^ydri^.VHUrid>2d ; arid'f??fty .of Them—
Those v/h© ¦¦(jCanjGuigas th^se^pussi^s.
¦ Many Improvements have been made
in Lord Kelvin's - compass and sound
ing machine, /acording to reports re
ceived . at the State Department. In
the newest form of the compass the
illumination is effected from below
and either oil lamps or electric light
may be used. The bottom of the com
pass bowl is in the form of a strong,
thick lens, through which the light is
refracted on the card.'
The intensity of the light may be
varied at the pleasure of the observer,
and this is found to be exceedingly
useful in taking the bearing of stars
or other faint lights. A new* antl
vibrational: suspension has been de
signed, which Insures great steadiness
in the card, and a new form of helmet,
with -.rifle, sights, facilitates the work
of taking bearings.
With. the new ; helmet navigators are
able, to take bearings of lights and
stars by night with the same ease and
convenience as bearings of ; the sun
are now taken by day.
The new. form of sounding machine
has been constructed of a height which
has been found from "practical experi
ence to'be the most suitable for the
work of winding In the line. In addi
tion to \ this great . advantage the new
machine^ has an improved . form" of
brake. action and a further advantage
Is that the working -parts of : the ma
chine are all In sight and can be easily
removed If necessary.
ODD INSECTS TO-DAY
cisco; Vernon Hodgkins, Marysvllle;
1 Ida Snider, Fall t BlVer Mill; Paul
D.unckhorst,: Sacramento; ;Lloyd Locke,
w Sacramento ; Ruthella pollard. Vail e jo ;
Elma Koster, Alameda: Leta Berries
ford, Sacramento;, Carfn Braese, 2622
Folsom street, San Francisco; Lillian
525 Thirteenth street, Oakland;
Violet White, 1264 Twelfth avenue, East
Oakland; Jane Brown, Vallejo; Pearl
Van Meter, Lafayette; Verna Worth
.ington, Tuolumne; Margaret Baker,
- Tuolumne; Meade Blssell,. Alameda;
Letitia Sartori, Petaluma; Loris Walk
er, 1030 East Sixteenth street, Oakland;
Leslie Crouch, Calistoga; Georre pWi
• sen, 85 Cumberland street, San Fran
cisco; Nina Devany,.104 Guerrero street,
\ San Francisco ; Mae Detrick, 1703 Eddy
street, San 'Francisco; Irene Warnecke,
. 707 Clayton street, San Francisco; Wal
ter Farnlachen, 2701 Sutter street, San
Francisco.' ¦¦ '...-'
Ernestine Franzen. 1505 Fillmor*
street, Sxia Francisco; Jennie Fryer,
TS1 Guerrero street, San Francisco; Jo«
Ivoisr.cr. 706 Green street, San Francis
en; Lloyd Woaser. Tiburon; Irene An
derson, Watsonville; Leonard Coombs,
Agnew; Beatrice Miner, 151S Sherman
street. Alameda.; Ruth Gee, Vallejo::
Bernice Waldrup, 4C9 Height street, San
Francisco; Edin Shaw, San Qusntin;
Ruth Dewey, 1^25 Scott street, San
Francisca; Henry Martin, 15S South
Park,' San Francisco: Elvetia Board
tnan, Nevada City; Vivien White, 1164
Eleventh street, Oakland; David Craig,
1435 Myrtle street. Oakland; May
Christman, SG6 Thirty-fifth street, Oak
land; T. Madden, UH£3 McAllister street,
San Francisco; Leo McGcvern, 2029
.Hyde street, San Francisco; Edward
Alden, 1616 Hayes street, San Francis
co:; Charles Martin, 735 Laurel avenue,
Snn Francisco-; Lloyd Richards, 1113
CnetrD street, San Francisco; Rose
Bltmru, 472 JCoe street, San Francisco;
Suflolph Trautner,, 2540 iicAlllstfir
street, San Francisco; Helen Supple.
Valh3tt; Walter Green, 1211 Jackson
EjjetX. San Francisco; Agnes McClos—
Tl*T. O&n Larkin street, San Francisco.;
Haxea Danforfh, 4E7 Shotwell Street.
San Francisco; Julie Simmons.' '640
Grove street. San Francisco;"- Lala
Johtwen, 212* Railroad avenue. Aia
meda; Lflas Adams, 706 Larkin street.
San Francisco; John Hara, Menlo
Park; J. Cabrera. Menlo Park; L. Car
son, Menlo Park; Harlan Frost. 2039
Basle avenue. Alameda; Teddy Smith.
87 Eajst Fourteenth street. Oakland;
Guy Smith. Saratoga; May Shattuck,
S6 Eleventh street. Oakland; J. '^H.
O'Brien, 121 Main street. San Francis
co; Hazel Mann. 654 Seventh street,
Oakland: Jessie Compton, 132(McAllis
ter street. San Francisco;;. Jennie.
Xatban. 1610 McAllister' sireeV^aS
Francisco; Ethel Hilton.^ "24; ;£pa!me
street. San Francisco; Edith O'Brien.
477 Shot well street, San. Francisco;
Ellsworth Truloen, , Mountain View;
Edna Scnf. Sacramento; Hazel McAl
lister,. 371* 'Twentieth street, San Fran
cisco; C. B. Henlz, Sacramento; Olive
Nicholson, 194 Guerrero street^ San
Francisco: Florence N'ickelburg, 1811
Sacramento street, San Francisco;
Earle Peeler, 711 Capp street, San
Francisco; Marion Richards, 981 Sut
ter' street." San Francisco; Edwin
Amsrk. 1 Clarence Court. San Fran
cisco; IS. Graves. 826 Sixteenth street,
Oakland; Imelda Parlln, 519 Bryant
street, San Francisco; Helen Lawrence,
Golden Gate; Reta Rideout, 866 Dolores
rtreet, San Francisco; Joe Chadbourne,
Suii-un; Louise Waugh, 294 Chatta
nooga street, San Francisco; G. W.
Farnlacher, 2701 Sutter street, San
Francisco; Clarlsse Buteau, 3855 Wash
ington street, Oakland; F. T. Coburn,
1515 Pacific avenue. Alameda; E. B.
Hussey, Vallejq; Willie Fuller, Agnew;
Fred McKenzie, Agnew; Orville Adams,
Berkeley; Harry Curtis, 918 Ellis street,
San Francisco; Budge Rosenberg, 36
Maple Court. San Francisco; Rosalind
Rosenberg. 36 Maple Court. San Fran
cisco; Ruth Cretlin. Pleasanton; Albert
Kllm, Alameda; MaX',Gans, 866 McAl
lltter Btreet, San Fraqcisco; Lucy.Hu-
gELOW are given the riamyy o*
the 150 dm ky children whn
solved the puzzles — Names of
Coins — in the contest of
March 20::
THESE ARE
THE PRIZE
WINNERS
OF MARCH 20.
16
Solve the Puzzles,
Fill Out the Coupon
and Send It to
{be Fuzzle Editor.
Sunday Call, S. F.
To Puzzle Editor, Sunday Call.
San Francisco:
Below in their proper num-
bers please find my solution of
the Ten Different Insects rep-"
resented hi this week's Name
Puzzles:
a « < .^».....^.. ...»..*-.•••
\ '4 : V • . .«.»..... — ........ ».—*-•
• s~ .....^ M ....».
I
I
7 ,..,..,...
I •
» , *.......*.
i
10
April 10, 1904.
Name • ». •.. • • ••••.» •••• • »«•»*»»•
Street or P.»O—^^«-. ••*.?.*-•*?•¦
City t^>.»A» »«.>«n»» »»»«j,.«ji»«i
State ¦*. ».«.». »-« j.»-»x»-»3e» »»¦-» m> » y
If I win I choose tor prt»
(Sec List ot Prizes.).-While -in prison- he composed a
great number sonnets and a histor
ical novel. ' But, as he was deprived of
all writing ' materials, he : was obliged
to:store his" compositions in his mem
ory. .He has' just transferred it,' poetry
and • fiction, word for word, to paper,
and .it will appear soon, in printed
form, ~r i~' '
Colonel- Lynch's. Remarkable. Book.
. LONDON, April 9.— Colonel Arthur
Lynch, Who was condemned to death
by a .British court as a traitor for
fighting oh the side of the Boers,
whose sentence^ was. commuted to "life
imprisonment : and who 'was liberated
alyear later, ; has just given proof of
having a" remarkable memory. /
BERLIN. April 9. — Notwithstand
ing the drain which the war with
Japan is causing the Russian imperial
.finances the Czar has determined to
carry, out his gigantic project of con
necting the Baltic with the Black Sea.
The rival syndicates competing for
the contract, one Russian and the
other American, have ha*d their esti
mates carefully examined by the Min
istry of the Interior and the authori
ties are unanimously In favor of giv
ing the contract to the American syn
dicate, whose bid is $315,000,000. as
against $500,000^000 as bid by the
Russian syndicate.' The Russian Gov
ernment will, make it an absolute con
dition that warships can pass along
the . ca rial, and ¦< it must have r a mini
mum deDth of thirty feet.
Russians.
Bid of. the Yankee Contractors Is
Lo*wer That That of the
AMERICANS MAY CONNEQT
BALTIC AND BLACK SEAS
From her dress it might be imagined
that Mme. ~ Dieulafoy has advanced
Ideas in feminism. Yet she clings to
old-school nations that woman's chief
superiority, resides precisely in the "al
leged inferiority of her home position.
When the writers Paul and Victor
Marguerltte opened, a campaign In
favor of . divorce by. the consent of
either party, which would make mar
riage scarcely even;a formality, Mme.
Dieulafoy bravely 'took up the cudgels,
not^ against woman's: right, but, as she
considered, for", them.. '"You claim that
women are the slaves of marriage, and
that they would proflt;by. this new ar
rangement," 'she : said. "On the con
trary, womeny alone ".would lose by It.
My duty* in!; life Is ascertaining and re
porting fact's, and< I ! have, never sus
tained a thesis. Butthis oriel take up
now, 'and shall? fightVfor;w'ith all ' my
might— that -is, : that. the home tie i«
.too frail already; >:that "there* is too
much "undisciplined love - in the world,
and that 'marriage,* the -most sacred of
all institutions, 'shall; riot; be 'trans
formed, into* a farce." '^ And it "was
largely due lib . Mrne^ Dieulaf oy.'s
getic ; opposition 'that\ the ' projected bill
of "the Marguerltte" brothers has '-re
mained sidetracked at the: Chamber ' of
Deputies , ever ¦ since
proved one of , the most remarkable
evocations ! of the ancient times ever
attempted. .
"From 11. till 1 p. m. we breakfast,
read our letters and talk; then to work
again until 3 or 4 o'clock. After that
we do rio more work, going out to see
our friends, driving or walking or read
ing at the Bibliotheque Nationale.
"Such is our life, regular and monoto
nous almost as that v in a monastery,
never varying by "as much as a quar
ter of an hour. Perfect system is (i In
my opinion, the greatest necessity of
work of any description."
In addition to her" purely scientific
works, Mme. Dieulafoy is a gifted lee-'
turer, always on classical themes, and
has written a number of historical
novels. Her long stay in Persia and
Susiana has revived the' past' before
her so. that she. seems to live in its at
mosphere, arid -her pen "is steeped . in
vivid coloring. "When I close, my, eyes
and think of the Palace of Artaxerxes,"
she often says, "it appears before ¦ the,
not as I saw it. in ruins, but as Arta-
or telegram, however urgent, is brought
to us; our servants are even ordered not
to- come near our study. What is per
haps more remarkable than the outside
silence which surrounds, us is' the > si
lence which we observe toward one
another. Undisturbed * thought Is the
one guarantee of good literary work;
and although we are often writing in
collaboration, we never exchange a
word during these five, hours. . The
scratching of his pen and of mineis
all that breaks the stillness.
| FRENCH WOMAN WHO WEARS MAN'S ; ATTIRE.
.Inconsequence representations were
quietly made lo the Archbishop of Can
terbury of the royal
household were" often without a place of
worship » on - Sundays. > When next his
Grace paid- a /visit to Buckingham Pal
ace he availed himself of a convenient
opportunity: to ; enter ~- x the 'chapel and
ascertairrfor himself in what condition
it was kept. He.concluded that it -had
been "sadly;neglected and politely gave
the King the .benefit of his opinion conV
cernlng; it. <>,That iledlto prompt faction
and . the Office Works \ has - been > for
some- time,.; engaged in, restoring the
chapel. '--A; new sanctuary is being,add
ed .and • new ' stalls , are , in process of
erection." --.When; the^work is completed
the -chapel ..will _ • be . in' better . condition
than- Itv ever; was In the days when
;>ieen ' Victoria >made '¦> it the, object of
her {pious- care. .And thus the Arch
bishopij. has j asserted "his {'. supremacy^ in
matters "spiritual evenin' the Palace of
Uia'Kinir.'-r- .'
LONDON, April 9.— The apartment
known as the "private chapel" at Buck
ingham Palace is undergoing a process
of refurnishing and' restoration which
will adapt it again to purposes of wor
ship.'. And thereby hangs an interesting
story which has not been told In print.
King Edward is scrupulously observ
ant of all. the outward forms of piety,
but,' of course, takes little - interest in
religious matters as compared with
purely worldly affairs— horse racing, for
instance.* As every one knows, Queen
Victoria, was all the other way. Dur
ing" her.; reign .the so-called "private
chapel" in Buckingham Palace received
careful attention and everything neces
sary, Vas done to maintain It in a.be
fitting state for religious exercises.. On
Sundays, ¦'; when the Chapel Royal was
not open, her late.Majesty allowed the
members of, the. household to use the
private one. .But since King Edward's
accession the place has been allowed to
relapse, into what it- was originally— a
music room. ¦
Queen Victoria's Favorite Placs
:' of Worship Will Now
- B9 Restored.
Accustomed as she is to hardship and
privation when on her explorations,
Mme. Dieulafoy leads a life almost as
Spartan when at home. Her residence
in the Rue Chardin is one of the finest
and most luxuriously furnished in
Paris; but most of her time is passed
in a room on the fourth floor at the
rear, far from the noise of the street,
overlooking the gardens of the Tro
cadero. Books covering the walls from
floor to celling; a few rugs, a chair or
two; a large desk, to "the; left and a
smaller one to the right; that is alL
The large, desk is Professor Dieulafoy's,
the small one is his wife's. And here
Another subject which has since oc
cupied Mme. Dieulafoy's attention is
the full florescence of Moorish art in
Andalusia. It has been considered that
this subject was exhausted, but Mme.
Dieulafoy found that many of the most
perfect specimens of art were guarded
jealously in the cathedrals and were
known to the chapters and to the royal
family alone. Having made many pow
erful friends during her long and pa
tient researches in Spain, and being a
member of the Spanish Academy, Mme.
Dieulafoy recently obtained a permis
sion never before granted, to study and
even to photograph these priceless
treasures of painting, sculpture and
goldsmith's work preserved in the ca
thedrals of Toledo, Cadiz, Seville and
Granada. Mine. Dieulafoy is now en
gaged in writing four books, one on
each of the towns' named. -
gin -* 'he Oriental arts. Mme. Dieula
fty's own studies had convinced her
that Oriental art had not sprung from
Arabia, as was generally supposed. She
devoted fifteen years to solving this
problem, examining every trace of Ori
ental art and architecture in Spain,
in Algeria, in Morocco, in Egypt, and
thence farther East, tracing its course
step by step. Finally, on the site of
BaLylon, she found the origin which
she had been seeking, and turning back,
followed its path as it had advanced
round the shores of the Mediterranean,
passing through Lower Egypt, Morocco
and Algeria, then crossing the Straits
of Gibraltar, and reaching its last ex
pression at Granada. Never before had
this course been traced; and only since
Mme. Dicu'.afoy's investigations have
been known has the world of science
and of history known how to account
for the Oriental arts.
KING YIELDS
TO THE WISH
OF ARCHBISHOP
Probably,. it will be some time before
the price „ of such instruction comes
dawn, for the game is now indulged in
so generally, in society arid for such
high stakes that, not to be able to play
reasonably well ; means that one will
be plucked time'and again.
The bridge "professors" generally
teach about four hours a day, nearly
always coaching.three pupils at a time.
Most learners are reasonable enough,
but serf etlmes a woman who has been
bidden to. a bridge party rushes off to
a teacher; at the last moment and ex
pects .to be initiated- into the inmost
mysteries' of the game in an hour or
two — even though she may never have
played it before. Of: course, such;folk
generally come to grief, but I am told
that a certain " society woman ! left the
rooms of a teacher after only one les
son, drove to a bridge! party and won
something over. $400.'
usual stakes. 'v
LONDON, April 9.— There are two
classes of London folk who are making
a good thing out of the more, than ever
prevalent craze for gambling at bridge
—the first, of these being those who
play the game ex'pertly, and the sec
ond those who teach it." Quite a num
ber of "professors" of bridge have
started business in the fashionable part
of town, and as they charge high fees—
usually $3 an hour— and have now, at
least, na lack of pupils, must be coin
ing money. j One of these self-appointed
instructors declared the other day that
the fashionable game could not v be
taught cheaply by one dependent upon
his earnings. "Bridge is a life study,"
he explained, "and it would not be
worth while for any one who possessed
a real "insight into the game to charge
less than $5 an hour. It would pay
him betterjto stroll down to the club
every night, and take a hand at the
Five Dollars an Hour Prevail
ing Price Tor Instruction
In Bridge. -
"PROFESSORS"
THRIVE WHO
TEACH CARDS
If
mm
At the splendid fancy ball just given
in Brussels at the Concert Noble, where
the dresses were limited to cotton or
stuff, Mrs. Lawrence Townsend. wife
of the American Minister, attracted
general admiration in a most original
washerwoman's dress.
The American Countess of Craven's
little son. Lord Ufflnjrton, bids fair to
be in great demand for some time to
come as page at ultra-smart weddings
in London. The small Viscount, in
whose veins flows the blood .of the
Bradley-Martins, and who is now 7,
succeeds in this capacity young May
nard Greville, ' Lady "Warwick's son.
who has, held more bridal trains than,
perhaps, . any boy in London society.
Of late Maynard has grown too ( tall
for this sort of thing, however, hence
Lord Ufflngton's calling and election.
The small Viscount will join in his
first bridal procession at the wedding
of the Hon. Ralph Hamilton, Baron
Belhaven's son, and Lady Grizel Coch
rane next week, and on this occasion
will be resplendent in a pale green
satin waistcoat, with a satin courtier
suit and plumed hat to match his cava
lier cape, which will be slung on by
silver cords.
I learn privately from Brussels that
Prince Albert of Belgium probably will
go to the St. Louis Exhibition instead
of the King, who, in the first place,
finds it difficult to leave his kingdom
at a moment of such general political
perturbation, while in the second his
yacht is not powerful enough to> cross
the Atlantic, and the publicity of a
steamship would be most distastefuL
Prince Albert, who has already been
to America, and who brought away the
best possible impression, is delighted
at the prospect of revisiting the coun
try.
One hundred, thousand five, hundred
dollars is, a tidy bill for household ex
penses 'during three, years, and when
one learns of $56,000 lent to friends.
$25,000 spent in furniture. $12,000 on
dress and toilet accessories and $475
for "flowers," it seems no wonder that
Lord Rosslyn's mother, the Dowager
Countess, who made these disburse
ments, is in the bankruptcy court.
Especially as this summary takes no
account whatever of the $172,500 which
the aristocratic widow lost on the stock
exchange, or of the $145,000 of which
South African speculation relieved her.
When her ladyship's amended state
ment of affairs was filed it showed a
total indebtedness of $433,325. the
Countess' assets amounting to $30,000.
Her ladyship is ill at present and her
public examination has been postponed.
LONDON. April 9.— It Is no longer
considered smart for society women to
carry their toy dogs about with them
either In their arms or In carriages.
Queen Alexandra, in spite of the fact
that she is a well-known lover of dogs,
is responsible for the new departure.
It was, until recently, a common thing
for ladies to carry their pets with them
on the occasion of invitations to lunch
eon and dinners. To fondle a pet while
out driving was considered the right
thing, and her Majesty herself always
had one or two of her favorites with
her when walking or driving In the
neighborhood of the palaces. The re
cent royal gathering at Chatsworth.
the Duke of Devonshire's place in
Derbyshire, brought together, however,
such a number of lap dogs that her
Majesty felt that the craze was becom
ing too monotonous and she decided
there and then to set an example that
would kill it. She ordered one of the
royal footmen to take her own two tiny
pets back to London immediately and
the remainder of the ladies present took
the tip. Drives out after that were no
longer graced by the presence of the
lap dog. The London clubs followed
suit and now dogs are excluded from
them all. It is feared among fanciers
and breeders that her Majesty's action
will seriously interfere with their occu
pation.
Her Majesty's Example
Becomes Law of
Socletu.
The question of dress is one of the
many little details of life regulated
by French law, and the man caught in
the etreets wearing woman's clothes
or the woman in man's clothes is
promptly arrested, tried and fined. This
does not mean that such cases are ex
ceptional; indeed, there are in Paris
many women wearing men's clothes,
not as an habitual thing, perhaps, but
on frequent occasions, either as a Joke
or from convenience, or. some of the
fair sex allege, to avoid too much at
tention from men. Yet there* is always
£ risk of scandal involved in such ln
ciancts. and any one making a fixed
practice of outwardly changing sexes
had better faee the difficulties in the
wray and secure a license if possible.
Exceptions are sometimes necessary
with paternal governments which are
supposed to oversee everything.
¦ Some of the laws on dress are hard
and fast, for instance, one connected
with the Mardi Gras and Mid-Lenten
festivities. On those days all varieties
of fancy dress are sanctioned, so long
as one's reserve is maintained; men
may masquerade as women, or vice
versa, but woe betide the wretched be
ing who presumes to appear in tights.
For this lart offense there is no escape
after commission, and no license to be
bought beforehand. With the mere
question of man's or woman's clothes,
however, more leniency is shown, and
in exceptional casefc and upon presen
tation of conclusive reasons therefor, a
woman may habitually wear men's
clothes or even a man woman's clothes.
Rosa Bonheur received one of these
rare permits, because she could not, she
said, go about freely sketching in the
fields when hampered by skirts. And
Mme. Dieulafoy received another on
account of her archaeological re
searches, which the still continues in
termittently in other places. Yet
But when she was finally ready to
return to her Paris home, she lacked
the courage to resume what she had
come to consider as the slavery of
woman's dress. To face public criti
cism was far less trying an ordeal.
For five years she had dressed as a
man. and to dress as a woman seemed
as antiquated and absurd to her as it
would be for a New York stockbroker
to parade Wall street in a Roman toga.
And she, therefore, filed a formal pe
tition to the French Government ask
ing official authorization to wear men's
clothes in future.
dresses as a max.
Perhaps what causes Mme. Dieulafoy
to be often taken for a man by those
who do not know her is that she wears
her masculine garb without cither af
fectation or false modesty. She wears
men's clothes not only because she con
siders them rational and convenient,
but because she is thoroughly accus
tomed to wearing them, and acquired
the habit in exceptional circumstances.
Consequently short hair and ties and
coats and trousers seem quite nat
ural to her. because she/ is perfectly at
case with them.
The first time that Mine. Dieulafoy
Pressed as a man she was far from
Intending to renounce feminine gar
ments forever. In 1881 the French
Government had intrusted Marcel
Dieulafov with an important archaeo
logical mission to Persia and Susiana,
and Mme. Dieulafoy, whose tastes were
literary and -who has always taken
keen interest in archaeological ques
tions, decided to follow her husband.
The results of their joint labors were
to be of'Trfestimabre" Value fo 'lovers
of the antique, for they found the cites
of the palaces of Darius and of Arta
xerxes. and after five years of toil
brought the principal vestiges back to
the Louvre Museum in Paris. The work
was filled with fatigues, difficulties and
danrers. and Mme. Dieulafoy, after
tearing her skirts on prehistoric stones
and tripping over her petticoats in
Persian fields, decided that woman's
dress was not devised for archaeologi
cal pursuits. She envied the ease and
immunity with which her hsuband
rcoved about, and presently it occur
red to her that if she imitated him in
the wilds of the Orient no one would
be the wiser when she returned to
Paris. So one fine day, not suspect
ing that she was preparing a great
decision in life, she cut her hair,
donned a suit of man's clothes and
went to her work. For the first time
she was free and happy, and accom
plished so much, that she decided -to
continue dressing as a man so long
as the remained in Persia.
PAJUS, April 8.— One enjoying the
estrse to exclusive salons or erudite
circles In Paris Is apt to meet at any
*1tt"> a couple before ¦whom everybody
girts way, and whose appearance will
profoundly Impress the newcomer.
•"Professor and Madame Dieulafoy,"
the "word la passed round. Surely,
tiere must be some mistake? That
tall, well-built, fine-looking man with
tne gray mustache and beard may
be Professor Dleulafoy, but his frail
beardless companion, dressed in an ir
reproachable frock coat and faultless
trousers cannot be his wife! And yet
a more searching look into the refined
Bad sensitive face, a single glance at
the delicate tapering hands, suffice to
Clspel the illusion created by clothes;
It is not only a woman, but the most
tromanly of women.
there is & great difference between
Rosa Bonheur and Jane Dietilafoy.
Rosa Bonheur. in adopting man s
dress, tried to ape his ways also,
whereas Jane Dleulafoy Is above all
things proud of being a woman.
SEARCH FOR ART TREASURES.
The discovery of the Palace and Ne
cropolis, of Artaxerxes at Susa, de
ecribed by her in her book. "Diary" of
the Researches at Susa," was the
crowning event of Jane Dieulafoy's
life, and brought her to world-wide
fame. But she has successfully under
taken a number of other researches
scarcely less interesting, among which
was her investigation to find the ori-
the two sit writing: for eight houn
each day. 'r^-r
HAPPY WITH HKK BOOKS, i
"We begin at 6 o'clock every, morning,
winter and summer, for I 'have found
that no time is so favorable for writing
as the early morning," said Mme. Dleu
lafoy to me. "And .we write without
one moment's rest until 11. On rising,
my husband and I both take a cup of
chocolate, and after that no one must
interrupt us until we go down for our
breakfast at 11. No letter, no message
Queen Alexandra Sets Dis*
aDDroval of the
* Fad.
Returning With Treasure Fruits of Arcliaeological
Research, Ready Sanction Is Grarited for -
Strange Stgle of Touring Garb.
xerxes saw. it, full, of; majestic splen
dor." This furnished the theme for Mme.
Dieulafoy's most - ' successful >: novel,
"Parysatis," dealing" with ' Artaxerxes,
his life and his loves. Recently drama
tized by; the author in the; form of a
Greek play, ."Parysatls" was performed
in the ¦ classical setting of | the : Roman
amphitheater at Beziers,; France, and
LAP DOGS
NO LONGER
IN STYLE
MME. DIEULAFOY, STUDENT, TRAVELER, NOVELIST AND ARTIST DRESSES
IN MASCULINE ATTIRE BY PERMISSION OF THE FRENCH GOVERNMENT
Pages 17 to 20
Pages l7to2O
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 10,i 1004.The Noble Grand Arch George Beck,
other grand officers and the Past Arch
Association, L. M. \ Fabry, president,
and Joe'M. Wolfe secretary, paid a visit
Druidic Order.
Many of the local Rebekahs are won
dering if Miss Mattie L. Webb, the
popular ensign of the San Francisco
Rebekah Drill Corps, took advantage
of the leap-year privilege or not, but
It is a fact, nevertheless, that she has
changed her name,- for she Is now Mrs.
Mitchell, having . recently .married
George W. Mitchell, a popular Odd Fel
low, ,for many years with the firm of
W. T. Garratt . & , Co., and well - known
in shooting circles. Both are members
of Oriental _ Rebekah Lodge. The wed
ding took place in the residence of the
groom's parents,. 2434 Market street,
and .was a very pretty, home "affair.
The Rebekahs.
The programme was followed by a
dance and the serving, of a collation
during intermissfc
tipns. Miss Grace Burmelster- zither solo iVmtl
Zlnn: «elect reading Mis, Aye™' vloUn
EU <T « e L * trodec . and musical TOm-dltti D?
M n r d ?£¦ 5 uyk V*? M '- Mn - Bertha UpSlitS*
Mr. and Mrs. Anderson and Fred rmde™
The following was the programme
that was presented on the occasion of
the entertainment given recently by
San Francisco Assembly of the Lin
coln Annuity Union .and which proved
to be one of the best . fraternal func
tions that has been given in many a
day so concluded the large number of
people who were- entertained:
Lincoln Annuity.
The official visit* by Great Sachem
Samuels to the reservation of Hanford
and to Umpqua Tribe In particular, was
a red letter one, in the history of the
order in that section. There trailed to
the wigwam of the sitting tribe * 108
chiefs from Pltlaches Tribe cf: Fresno
and 87 from Kaweah; Tribe of Tulare,
and a number of chiefs from Klickatat
-Tribe of Visalia and of Powhatan Tribe
of Lemore. A number of palefaces were
initiated by teams from Pi tiache; Tribe.
The chiefs from i Fresno] created quite
a sensation when : they came up ; 'on a
special trainof three; cars. There was
a pot of \ red ..fire, on the cowcatcher,"
some carmine blaze ' on .the*, roof of t each
( car * and ;> each • chief who ; could ; put, an
arm out of acar .windbwor could stand
Improved Red Men.
The March smoker given by Califor
nia Castle No. 1 of the Knights of the
Golden Eagle, in Native Sons' building,
was well attended and the programme
presented was a most pleasant one
The vocal music was by the "Bohe
mian" quartet, of which Earl C
Wright. C. A. Neubaur, A. Moiyce and
Charles Meneke are members, and the
H. F. Powell quartet (late of the Prim
rose and West minstrels). The instru
mental music was by #/ the Lorelies of
Berkeley. A yarn spinning contest re
sulted in awarding the prize to the
castle's doctor. This subordinate will
have an entertainment for its members
on Wednesday each month until fur
ther orders.
Golden Eagles.
The features that gained the greatest
amount of applause were the several
clever acts of the Fest family.
The Uniform : Rank of the f Maccabees
having mustered in a sufficient number
of divisions in: Northern: California to
organize a regiment, such an organiza
tion will be affected in the armory, 28
Golden Gate avenue, April 13. It will
be known as the Thirteenth Regiment
and will be \ mustered in by Brigadier
General H. . L. Tickner. That night
there will be an election for' colonel,
lieutenant colonel and two majors, after
•which there iwill , be:, the ; selection ' of a
regimental staff and the .appointment
of; battalion majors/ , •
San Francisco Division No. 3 has ac
cepted a .challenge . from the Stockton
Division 1 to'" enter into' , a . competitive
drill in that city on April 23. The local
division .will; be accompanied by mem
bers of the: Sacramento, Oakland and
Golden* West^dlvlsions.
Sari Francisco Tent Is again offering
prizes "to the' members who during ; a
certain" period will present to the tent
Introductory remarks by Sir Knight George
V. Lerol. • chairman of the evening; festival
overture by the club; "A Few Remarks," by
Great Commander Sir Knight S." W. Hall;
vocal solo, Mrs. Lafayette Stradliog; Instru
mental sextet. Miss Wilma Feat, Miss Louise
Fest. P. Dillon. F. Landon, William Dletz and
Professor Heidorn; vocal solo. EllenaFest;
rapid-fire banjo act. George Tyrell and -Walter
Kelly; recitation. Miss Wllma Fest; "Second
hand monologue. Ed Healcy; operatic potpouri,
by the club, composed of fourteen instrumen
talists.
The Maccabee Mandolin and Zither
Club, under the direction of-Sir Knight
Heidorn, composed of members of San
Francisco Tent, gave its first annual
entertainment and dance in the Pioneer
Hall on the last Saturday in March and
there was a large attendance. The pro
gramme Included the following num
bers:
The Maccabees.
Sonora Circle of the Companions of
the Foreet of America was reinstated
during the latter part of March by
Grand Sub Chief Companion Mrs. Mary
Thoman of Stockton, assisted by Miss
Agnes D. Bremer, grand financial sec
retary. Eleven of the former members
were reinstated, ten strangers were Ini
tiated and fourteen applications were
presented. The following named were
installed as the officers Into whose keep-
Ing the future of the circle is Intrusted:
Lena Sowles, chief companion; Mary
E. Burden, junior past chief companion;
Marietta ReBtano, sub chief companion;
Henry M. Simpson, treasurer; Elnathan
Romans, financial, and 1 Winifred S.
Grand Recording Secretary Dr.
Charles M. Troppmann, Grand Trustee
Henry Haab; J. Label, editor of the
American Forester Review; C. S. John-
Etone, \and others paid a visit on the
last Wednesday In March to Court Oak
land, on which occasion a class of
twenty was initiated. There were ad
dresses by the visitors and muth en
thusiasm, after which there was a ban
quet. The speech by Dr. Troppmann
was the hit of the evening.
During the month of June a street
fair and carnival will be given in this
city under the patronage of the gen
eral relief committee of the Foresters
of America and a part of the gross re
ceipts will be given to that charitable
institution. The committee that had
charge of the recent large class Initia
tion of the Companions of the Forest of
America, as well as the local courts
and those in Alameda County, will be
asked to assist.
Charles S. Johnstone, Ed J. Coffaney,
H. J. Willis and Gust P. Anderson have
been elected delegates from Court Seal
Rock to the Grand Court.
Court Hayes Valley has elected Ed
Harrison and Thomas Donahue as dele
gates to the Grand Court that Is to
meet in May at Hanford.
Court Charter Oak has elected
Thomas H. Webb and J. W. Sparrow
delegates to the Grand Court. After
the meeting there was a programme of
entertainment and speeches. The speak
ers were: Past Grand Chief Ranger
Jnhn Heenan, Deputy Grand Chief
Ranger Hayes, Chief Ranger Sparrow,
Messrs. McDevitt, Webb and Dr. Pur
lenky. The musical feature was by
Professor La Rosa's San Francisco
Mandolin Club, and Professor Bose's
Mandolin and Guitar Club. L. Brannan
favored with vocal selections.
Court Seal Rock, Foresters of Amer
ica, had originally intended to give its
leap year party April 9, in its own hall
in the Pythian Castle, but it was dis
covered that the place would not ac
commodate <the large number who ap
plied for invitations, so the affair was
given in Union Square Hall, and it was
a great success.
Foresters of America.
Finance— M. N. Newmark, chairman,
California No. 1647, Los Angeles; C. J.
Wade, Los Angeles No. 1489, Los An
geles; L. D. Lederman, Angeleno No.
1708, Los Angeles. Committee on laws —
Henry G. W. Dinkelspiel, Golden West
No. 1716, San Francisco; E. A. Williams,
Fresno No. 1516, Fresno; Ernest Duden,
Argonaut No. 597, San Francisco. Com
mittee on council work — E. C. Sheckles,
Santa Monica No. 1791, Santa Monica;
O. J. Glllespie, Elysian No. 1779, Los
Angeles; C. L. Smith, \ San Jose No.
1790, San Jose. Committee on publicity
and promotion— A. A. Van Hovenberg,
Sequoia No. 2029, San Francisco; C. S.
Wheeler, Rubidoux No. 1591, Riverside;
A. M. iJyron, Los Angeles No. 1489, Los
Angeles. Committee on sta,te of the
order — C. C. McDougall, Buena Vista
No. 1604, San Francisco; H. G. Watrous,
Sacramento No. 1183, Sacramento; I. S.
Goldman, California No. 1647, Los An
geles.
Grand Orator Merrill, Grand Chaplain
Rev. Mr. Brush and Grand Committete
man A. Van Hovenberg, the committee
appointed to present the prize banner
to Buena Vista Council on the evening
of April 7, have performed their duty.
It was a gala night and there was a
programme of entertainment under the
direction of a committee consisting of
C. C. McDougall, George L. Darling,
Frank J. Miller, William V. N. Bay and
Junior Past Grand Regent Gunzendor
fer. AH the grand officers were invited
to be present. The members of sister
councils were also invited.
The Royal Arcanum in this State has
decided to unite with the State Fra
ternal Congress, recently formed in
California. The Grand Council will be
represented by three of the grand offi
cers, who will be selected this week.
An effort will be made to have the
Supreme Council of the order permit
the subordinate councils to collect coun
cil dues, monthly or quarterly, as such
may elect. It is thought that this will
be preferable to members in this State.
The various councils of the order are
to be impressed as to the necessity of a
proper observance of the anniversary
of the order on June 23 in all localities
where there are councils of the order.
Grand Regent Jones has issued his
first circular, a very interesting and
business-like document. In this he
draws attention to Buena Vista Coun
cil, the winner of the banner, declaring
that an increase of membership from
41 to 102, or 141.46 per cent, is a remark
able showing, and an object lesson for
the other councils. He has appointed
the following standing committees of
the Grand Council:
Royal Arcanum.
Templar Lodge will have work in the
Initiatory degree at its next meeting.
A committee has been appointed to
arrange for an entertainment for the
benefit of the friendship fund of the
San Francisco relief committee.
Grand Master Baker has visited all
the lodges in his district, also a num
ber that are not in that district.
Grand Secretary Shaw attended a
session of the board of Grand Lodge
trustees of the Odd Fellows* Home in
Thermallto last week.
The San Francisco Odd Fellows will
celebrate the anniversary of the foun
dation of the order by a picnic, under
the auspices of San Francisco Canton
No. 5 of the Patriarchs Militant, at
Fernbrook Park, April 26. Sacramento
Odd Fellows will celebrate the day by
a picnic near Folsom. Santa Cruz will
also have a celebration on that day.
A. N. Cunning of Hollister, who has
recently attracted considerable atten
tion by eloquence of speech, has been
selected as the orator. The members of
the order in Los Angeles will celebrate
on that day, when Past Master Barnes
will be the orator. On the 29th the past
grand master will address the encamp
ment branch of the order and the
Patriarchs Militant in that city.
Yerba Buena Lodge had a short
business meeting Thursday night, af
ter which there was a social hour for
the members and a few invited
friends.
Last week the grand master. Past
Grand Master Barnes and other promi
nent members of the order visited So
lano Lodge at Benicia and participated
in the ceremonies in celebration of the
fiftieth anniversary . of the institution
of the lodge.
Grand Secretary Shaw instituted a
new lodge at Laton last week with six
teen petition members, one admitted
by card and eighteen by initiation.
During the latter part of last week
Grand Master Baker visited Loyalton
in Sierra County and there Instituted
a new lodge.
The Odd Fellows.
Altahmos Tribe has determined upon
another big adoption, and with that In
view has decided to offer a $20 badge to
the member bringing In the greatest
number of candidates, a $10 one to the
member bringing the greatest number
in excess of five, and one valued at $3 to
each member bringing in five or more.
AH applications must be in by May
25. This tribe will hold its seventh
grand ball in Eintracht Hall Saturday,
April 13. •
Manzanita Tribe celebrated. its thirty
sixth anniversary by a social function
in Golden Gate' Hall April 2. J. C.
Tucker was chairman of the committee
of arrangements.
Great Pocahontas Minnie Betts has
within the last ten days paid visits to
the council in Sacramento and the one
in Grass Valley. Recently she insti
tuded a new council at Lemore with
sixty charter members.
Great Chief of Records Porter L. Bliss
recently addressed a public meeting in
Hollister in the interest of organizing
a council of the Degree of Pocahontas
in that olace. At the close of the meetg
ing a) temporary organization was ef
• fected and the Great Pocahontas will
be asked for a charter.
on the steps of a car held a lighted
roman candle. The work of the even
ing was 'followed by a banquet par
taken of by more than 300.
An entertainment and ball of the
French Haymakers, given on the first
Saturday in April in Union Square Hall,
was a very, pleasing affair, which was
directed by Chief Haymaker Savignac.
Among the distinguished members of
the order present were Past vireat Sa
che"m Brandt and Great Chief of Re
cords Bliss. V
Iroquois Tribe of Stockton will have
a street fair and carnival in that city
April 11 to 16. -
Noble Grand Arch Hargrave of the
State of Virginia, in a- letter to Grand
Secretary Martinoni, announces that a
new grove has been established in Pe
tersburg and one in Newport News, and
asks for rituals in the Italian language,
so that an Italian grove may be insti
tuted in Richmond.
Boadicea Circle of the Druidesses had
quite an exciting election at its meet
ing on the first Saturday in the current
month, and one or two combinations
that had been formed were "knocked
out in the first round." Mrs. Rachel
Samuels was elected arch druidess, Mrs.
Lena Loomis, first bard; Miss Sullivan,
second bard; Mrs. Frances J. Horn,
treasurer, re-elected; William N. Din
gle, recording secretary, re-elected; Mrs
Masen, financial secretary, re-elected;
M. Rossi, conductor; Mrs. Guninani,
inside, and Mrs. Ellas, outside guard.
Mrs. Samuels, the arch druidess-elect,
was awarded a fine pin tray as a prize
for having sold the greatest number of
tickets, 95, for a party recently given
by the circle. •
Grand Arch Druidess Mrs. Louise
Zazzi paid an official'' visit in the,com
pany of other grand officers to Cypress
Circle in Colma April 5. The following
night she and other grand officers visit
ed Hesperian Circle in this cityland re
ceived a fraternal ovation by the mem
bership of this very enterprising sub
ordinate. There was an exemplifica
tion of the work, which was given in a
manner highly commended by the vis
itors, after which there were a number
of speeches for the good of the organ
ization and the serving of a collation.
Noble Grand Arch Beck visited the
grove at Ferndale on April 6. On the
8th he visited the one at Letola and on
the 9th the one at Eureka,
to Tallesin Grove in this city. . Under
good 'Of r the order there, were a' number
of encouraging speeches for the benefit
of the grove, and the advancement of
the order generally. •
-'A meeting of the Past Arch Associa
tion was held March 27 for the purpose
of discussing a number of matters that
relate to the work that the association
intends to do during the current year.
Boadicea Circle of the Druidesses
has appointed a committee of five to
make preparations for the proper ob
servance of the anniversary of the cir
cle, now the -senior in the order. It is
probable that the celebration will be In
the nature of a banquet, to which the
grand officers will be invited.
Grand Trustee Charbonler of Los An
geles paid an official visit last week to
U. S. Grant Grove in San Diego, when
several candidates were initiated.
Dayton Grove of , Nevada' will, 'in a
short time, consolidate with Roma
Grove of Reno.
Fortuna Grove of Angels will have a
picnic in June and it has extended an
invitation to Grand Secretary Martlnoni
to be the orator of the day.
Western Addition and Aurora lodges
met last week for the purpose of hav
ing the members become acquainted
with one another and for the discussion
of matters of mutual interest. The reg
ular business was followed by a social
hour.
San Francisco Lodge will give an en
tertainment and dance on the evening
of April 15 in its hall in the Native
Sons' building. There will be a good
programme.
Maple Leaf Lodge, at its recent whist
tournament in Oakland, had eighty
nine tables, ; representing 356 players.
In 'addition there were more than fifty
onlookers. There was a prize for each
table and one "capital" prized the value
of, these amounting in the aggregate to
mbre than $150.
The degree team of Progress Lodge
of the Fraternal Brotherhood is mak
ing rapid strides in the order and has
perfected itself to a degree that speaks
well for those who are members of
the same and who are doing all that
can be done to make the work of the
brotherhood as Impressive and Inter
esting as it is possible to do. The
members of the team are: Albert Hol
lingsworth, Gustave Burgh, James R.
McLaren, Edward Sutter, Lola Green,
May Wurch, George Rudolph, Susie
Ross, Gertie Miller and Mrs. Parker.
Aurora Lodge is still keeping up Its
social hour after each meeting and at
tracting thereby to the lodgeroom a
large number of the member^ and visi
tors. On the evening of April 14 the
lodge will have an open meeting for
the entertainment of the friends of
members.
The contest between Columbia — not
Aurora Lodge, as previously, announced
— and Mission Lodge is still on and
each membership is working hard to
avoid paying the dinner, which the
losing lodge must pay for. Columbia
Lodge, at its meeting last week, had
fifteen to' initiate. Mission Lodge is
securing a large number. of candidates,
but with that acuteness which has
helped make it one of the most progres
sive lodges in the city, it has been
securing strangers for initiation, but
is not letting the ' enemy know how
many.
Fraternal Brotherhood.
Grand Chief Companion Mrs. Krim
minger paid an official visit on March
28 to Giant Sequoia Circle at Porter
ville; April 30 she visited Mineral King
Circle in Visalia; March 31 she was at
Heliotrope Circle at San Jose; April 1
she was with Pajaro Valley Rose Cir
cle at Watsonville; 2d. at San Benito
Circle, Hollister; 4th, with Marguerite
Circle at Woodland; 5th, at" Golden
Gate Circle, San Francisco; 6th,- Ver
bano Circle, Oakland, and 8th, Violet
Circle at Soledad. During the current
week she will visit follows: April
11, to Santa Lucia Circle, Salinas; 12th,
MIzpah Circle, San Francisco; 13th,
Queen of the River Circle, Graf ton;
14th, Orange Blossom, Oroville, and
15th, Yuba Circle. Marysville.
Brown, recording secretary; Jessie C.
Simpson and Lottie Dondero, guides,
and Amelia Bacigalupi and Murray
Marks, guards. The circle was placed
on its fraternal feet again through the
efforts of Mrs. Lena Sowles, formerly
of Pride of Auburn Circle, Auburn, n!
Y. At the meeting after reinstatement
thirty-five strangers were initiated into
the circle. .
Three new divisions of the U. R. have
recently been mustered- in, one at Mo
desto, another at Santa Rosa and the
third at Santa Cruz.
in, will be at 19 New Montgomery
street, in charge of acting Adjutant
General A. B. Finley.
On April 26, what will then be the
first battalion of the new regiment,
composed of Oakland, San Francisco
and Golden West divisions, will have a
battalion drill in the open.
DRILL TEAM OF FRATERNAL BROTHERHOOD AND TWO FRATERNALITES'/ \
Invitations are out for the anniver
sary ball to be given in Steinway Hall
on the evening of May 10, by Olive
Branch Chapter. From indications this
ball will be "the swellest" ever given
by this very active, enterprising and
congenial chapter.
chapter is entitled to the credit of hav
ing got up something out of the
usual run for the entertainment of the
members.
Ivy Chapter will have a short busi
ness meeting on the second Tuesday of
this month, after which there will.be
a Cecilian concert of an hour's dura
tion. At the second meeting there will
be the initiation of several candidates,
after which there will be a banquet in
keeping with the well-deserved reputa
tion of the chapter. Mrs. Elkington is
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments. During the afternoon the mem
bers of the chapter will accept the in
vitation of the Electa of the chapter,
Anna Stadtmuller, to visit her at her
country residence at West End, San
Rafael. Those who go in the afternoon
will provide themselves with luncheon.
During the evening there will be an
entertainment, music and dancing, and
all will return by the 10 o'clock train.
The headquarters of the Thirteenth
Regiment, U. R., soon to be mustered
and have initiated the greatest num
ber of candidates.
"brakemen" and "trainmen," and these
were sent out at intervals of ten min
utes each to prevent rear-end collisions.
Each train was provided with regula
tion red and white lanterns and regu
lation red, white and green signal flags.
The first *~***n sent out by the dis
patcher was the green one under "Con
ductor" Miss L. Stevenson. This was
followed in turn by the blue, under
Conductor Emma Dinniger; the white
under Conductor Etta Huer, and the
yellow under Conductor Mrs. C. Ogels
by. After that came "the special," un
der the conductorship of the assistant
manager. In this there were as pas
sengers Superior Judge Kerrigan, Cap
tain of Police Duke and prominent
Eastern Stamps. The first train headed
for China, which was located in an
apartment-house on Sacramento street,
near Larkin, and to this the passengers
rode on shank's mare, accompanied by
the train boys Felling their wares. As
the passengers who did not know the
points of destination, but were out for
a good time and sightseeing, enlivened
the trip by blowing fish horns and Bet
ting the people along the route to
thinking that New Tear had come in
ahead of time. The several train loads
were welcomed by Josiah E. Locke and
shown to the apartments of Dr. Cath
rine Dall Knueolls, which were ar
ranged as a Chinese temple with a joss,
punk, and there was Chinese music fur
nished by two genuine heathen Chinee.
Besides these there were Chinese songs
cleverly rendered by Louis Steiger, who
was dressed as a mandarin In flowing
robes. Dr. Knueolls, the hostess, was
attired in Chinese robes with her hair
dressed with fish glue and decorated
with tinsel and flowers. After the pas
sengers had seen the sights of China
they returned to the train to make
room for the others; the train then
moved to the residence of Mrs. George
Hass on Ellis street, near Lar
kin, where the passengers saw
Germany. Germania was imper-
Fonted by Miss Beatrice Kelly. In
this place the spacious parlors were
turned into a German home with a bur
gomeister smoking a long pipe while
extending the hand of friendship to the
tourists and telling them "ihr sind wll
kommen." For the entertainment of
the visitors there were songs by young
ladies attired as German peasants, and
there was a peasant dance by four
ladies and the same number of gentle
men in the costume of Hei
delberg, under the direction of
Mrs. Strombonl. who spent sev
eral days teaching them the * dance.
From Germany the tourists went to
Dixie Land, in the apartments of Mrs,
Charles Swazey, in the Strathmore,
which were gorgeously decorated in Im
itation of a Southern forest, embel
lished with American flags. There the
tourists were treated to old and new
negro melodies by members of the
chapter, whose identity was concealed
by the use of burned cork. From there
they were conducted to Egypt in one
of the parlors of Golden Gate Hall,
where MIes Daisy Pabst "was the'hos
tess, and introduced the sightseers to
representatives of the Oriental races,
who told them their fortunes for the
crossing of the palm with a small piece
of silver. When the last train had re
turned, the depot, which In the mean
time had been converted Into a dance
hall, was crowded with dancers who en-
Joyed themselves until midnight. It
—"¦¦¦"•»-«»ov«J- affair,. -«jid. Golden Cato
One of the jolliest entertainments
ever devised by a fraternal organiza
tion in this city was the "Trip Abroad"
arranged by Golden Gate Chapter of the
Order of the Eastern Star and taken
on the evening of Monday, April 4.
Golden Gate Hall was for the time
transformed into a passenger depot for
the "Absurdity Transcontinental and
Transatlantic Railway and Steamship
Company," with placards of trips to
the "World's Fair, trips to all points
and an office with bulletins, maps, fold
ore, news stand, peanut butchers, con
ductors, porters, train dispatcher, pas-
Fenger agents and ticket sellers. Rows
«»f chairs, dos-a-dos, were in position,
and on the Etage was an imitation of a
modern high-pressure locomotive num
bered 1,000,000 and bearing the name of
the company. As the people entered the
depot they were each furnished by Dr.
Amy Florence Temple, t'» chief ticket
a?ent, with a regulation ticket printed
after the manner of first-class detach
able coupon tickets, which was good
for a trip from the Union depot to
China, from China to Germany, from
Germany to Dixie i^ani and from Dixie
Land to Egypt. Each ticket was punch
ed at identification marks, and had to
bear the signature of the holder. These
granted stopover privileges and were
gcjd for a trip "if you are on time,"
"If you are in line," "If you have paid
your fine." "If you don't get off before
the S. S. stops," and "Provided you
patronize the lunch counter." There
were four regular trains and a special,
each having a special conductor. These
and the past patrons and matrons of
the chapter, who constituted the com
mittee of arrangements, the general
manager. Grand Secretary Kate J. Wil
litts, and Assistant Manager Dr. Tem
ple, matron of the chapter, and the
train dispatcher, George L. Darling,
P. G. P., were the only ones who knew
where the trains were to go. Each
regular train wa? made up of about
seventy-five passengers and designated
by the color of the cape worn by the
lady who acted as conductor, the
The leap-year party given by Loyal
Rebekah Lodge last week was a veijy
pleasant affair that was attended by as
many as could find room in the halL
The programme, made up in the main
of numbers by juveniles, for it was a
juvenile night, was decidedly Interest
ing. The several little performers were
warmly applauded and each was re
quired to return two or three times.
The programme was followed by danc
ing by young and old. The affair was
got up unde'r the superintendence of
Vice Grand Tillie Craig, Noble Grand
Mrs. Barney and Past Noble Grand
Mrs. Lillie Carron.
Amity Lodge was officially visited by
Mrs. Jensen, the president of the Cali
fornia Assembly, on the first Saturday
in April. The last official visit of the
term by the president will be to Mission
Lodge, April 30.
President Mrs. Jensen and Grand
Master Baker paid a visit last week to
Jubilee Lodge. The trouble that
threatened to create an unpleasantness
in the lodge has, it is believed, been
settled.
Oriental Rebekah Lodge has ar
ranged for a "ghost party" for the
evening of April 13.
The parlors were lavishly decorated
with ferns and smllax and in the cen
ter there hung:, from an arch of ever
greens, a floral wedding bell, under
which the young couple stood during
the solemnization that made them man
and wife. The bride looked charming
in a bridal robe of white and orange
blossoms. The ceremony was witnessed
by about fifty of the friends of the
contracting parties and at the conclu
sion of congratulations there was a
wedding feast. The bride received
many beautiful presents.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 190*;
18
ECHOES FROM
THE
LODGE ROOM.The Central offers the military drama,
"In the Hands of the Enemy."
"McFadden's Flats'"' continues at the
California. '.'<„.
"Kismet" "continues at Fischer's to
success.
Bronson Howard's comedy, "Aristoc;
racy," will be. the bill at the Alcazar
this week.
If Barkis Is willing — otherwise the
public— that remarkable person, Blind
Tom, now appearing , at the Orpheum,
will do this week one of the stunts that
originally made him famous. If the
public can be induced to walk up on
the platform . and play— say a Liszt
rhapsody— Blind Tom will, after' one
hearing/repeat the piece. ; He changes
his selections this week. The four Mor
tons, Sam, ! Kittle, Clara and Paul, are
new headliners on the week's bill.
The Tivoli is to the fore this ' week
with a production of, rare old comic
opera, "The Beggar Student," of Mil
loecker, so old in local annals that it is
new new. The op'era is of the best of
its class, and the Tivoli is prepared to
give it a -production of an admirable
sort. Chief among the leading members
of the cast will be Mme. Caro Roma and
Russo, who return to sing and play the
roles of the beggar student and his lady
love. The opera l i3 full of genuine fun,
bright music and lightsome plot.
SOME NEW PLAYS AND
THE BEST OF THE OLD
BILLED FOR THE WEEK
Nance O'Neiliis undergoing all kinds
of trouble in Boston. Blanche Stod
dard, who* stands second to Miss O'Neil
among the ladles of the. company, Iwas
given two weeks' j notice, and following
this a similar notice "< was served on E.
J. Ratcliffe,: Miss O'Neirs leading man.
Ratcliffe demanded a percentage of the
profits, asserting i^hat he had furnished
money for ¦ the' t expense of the company.
His claim was contested and \ on \ the
expiration of his engagement < he was
prevented ; from entering tne theater/
Charles: P. Salisbury }ot the Columbia
Theater:, has also. r . claimed ;, an interest
ihithe venture, and ; has applied for? an
injunction restraining ., MSssr 'O'Neil'a
*¦-.;>:• ; ..' ; «
The Theater Magazine for April is up
to. its usual high standard of excellence.
In this number, the editor disagrees
with Andrew Carnegie's recent conten
tion that "endowed theaters are not a
success," by pointing out, as an ex
ample, the Comedie Francaise, which
has prospered by endowment for 200
years. An article by the director of the
(Jomedie • Francais also appears. A
narrative of theatrical life entitled
VThe Confessions of a Stage Struck
Girl," by an actress who has experi
enced all the scenes described, is- an
other feature of this issue.
Another- interesting article is ¦ the
fii»st installment of a : series to be pub
lished in The Theater, describing "How
Theaters Are Managed." The -first
paper is devoted to the "Box Office
Man" and 'his duties.' This month's
interview is with Virginia Harnedy in
which there is an interesting account of
her meeting with E.' ; H. • Sothern, : now
her husband. Mllllcent Moorie's ; letters
continue, and there are also other mat
ters of interest, .Including numerous
photographs. ;
CHAT ABOUT PLAYERS
AND THEIR MOVEMENTS
AT HOME AND ABROAD
• -.--"•' "¦;-..»
In the ; suit brought ¦ by Marie Mon-
Henry Irving is to play ;."Ivan the
Terrible, '"- the tragedy byj Tolstoi, in
which": Richard Ma.nsfleld has * recently
achieved * great success. /He ]wHUtour
the English ; provinces for ;the* balance
of .this; season : in his well-known reper
toire and will save "Ivan* the Terrible"
for a. whole season's engagement in
London. '
Ralph Stuart, who is starring in "By
Right of Sword," has discovered that
in making excuses the schoolboy has a
dangerous rival in the soubrette. Just
before the I opening of ; this season the
soubrette showed up a day late. This
not being the first offense, Mr. Stuart
prepared to make an example of; her
before ; they .whole- company. .-, On her
appearance next ; day, { Stuart .-demand
ed an excuse for. her absence. "I 'didn't
bring it ;,with / me, : Mr. } Stuart,'.' she re
plied i timidly. - "Bring what ?" shouted
Mr. . Stuart, how - thoroughly * aroused.
"My; excuse, Mr. /Stuart. You see I
got '•-.' married yesterday, but. I didn't
think you would .want , to se^e j my hus
barid." ¦ This finished Mr. Stuart.
* . * - •
Mrs. Langtry intends writing an
American play, provided that she can
collaborate with an American author.
She sailed for Europe last week on the
.Cedric. , ; . . ' . yS'C?
The American Travesty Stars will
tour the world under the management
of S.W. Combs and Harry James, pre
senting a"" repertoire of Weber and
Fields' burlesques. , The company,
numbering over sixty, will include sev
eral San Francisco^ favorites, among
whom are Kolb and Dill, Barney Ber
nard, Winfleld Blake, Maude Amber
and Hope and Emerson. The company
will follow Mrs. Fiske at the Grand
Opera-house, San Francisco, for an
engagement of two j weeks.' The capi
tal already invested is $75,000.
Clyde Fitch sailed for Italy last week,
where he Intends writing two plays.
One, which he says will make New
York "sit up," is for Clara Blobdgood,
and the other is for Mrs. Gilbert. , ; 9
manager from turning over the profits
to McKee Rankin, Miss O'Neil and E.
J. Ratcliffe. Rumors of other compli
cations have also been heard. Charles
Dalton will be Ratcliffe's successor.
We went, away, silently, and the
young woman sobbed as we reached the
elevator: "I can't help making a fool
of myself. SHe was bo good. Wasn't
she adorable!" , ¦ '.{',
of the moment to emphasize her inten
tion. . Then she sang a little aria of
Mozart's, and the teacher, the come
dienne, the happy German hausfrau,
faded into the forgotten background of
a muse incomparable, regnant, ma
jestic. ,.
"I LOF AMERICANS," SA YS SCHUMANN-HEINK.
A 4ast lovable glimpse of the singer
came then, in her superb" kindness to
the young woman who had come to
sing. She insisted on my staying and
I was more than willing. The singer
had chosen a big dramatic song of
Elgar's, and went at it with big voice
and a considerable dramatic fire.
"You have .a big, beautiful voice,"
madame told . her, "and sing well, but
— you want me to be true?— you have
not yet learned - to properly breathe.
And your head tones begin somewhat
too late. As this"— and going to the
piano madame illustrated, and' a sab
bath'of sound fell ; upon the /place.
Transformed she stood there, the keen
quiver of the artist-devotee upon her
face as she leaned' toward her.: pupil
"No. Mr. Whitney is — superstitious —
superstitious," the singer repeated,
with a glance of naive triumph at Miss
Hartman. "He thinks he always has
great success with the productions at
Detroit first."
r "What will Bayreuth do without
you?" '
"Yes, I have refused Bayreuth and
Munich and" — she paused and smiled—
"I had so nice compliment from
Maine I must tell you. They have fes
tival there where I sing always in Sep
tember. This year they put her in
June, that I may sing. I was proud
zo— " and madame lifted expressive
hands. And she is proud. She's as
modest as Harold Bauer.
She showed me then, with about as
much "side" as a schoolboy showing
his collection of "alley taws," her box
full of medals. Oh, yes, she's proud of
them, but without an ion of vanity. Of
one she said, from the King of .Wurt
temberg: "That's ; more than . dia
monds." Miss Hartman informed me,
too, that madame was all sorts - of
"Honorary, Noble, Grand, Distin
guished, ; Supreme Citlzenesses," or
something of the kind. I tell it as
'twas not 1 told to me.
"Not New York?"
"Very nice. It is his best. I have a
nice bolero and a good sentimental
song — oh, all Is quite pretty."
"When will the opera be produced?"
"In September, in Detroit."
unspoken objection, "if. I had known
how I like to concert sing, and how I
do so well in that, I should not per
haps go to comic opera. They ask,
'Schumann-Heink, why you do this?*
But why not representative singer in
good funny opera? I'm a comedienne.
One can have, too, first ability in this
and in that, too." «
"The opera is by Julian Edwards and
Stange, is it not?"
"Yes. * Opera is like me, myself, the
heroine. Mr. Edwards was over in Ger
many last year to study my charac
ter,-" \~-.,'X.
"How appalling!"
"Personality, madame," Miss Hart
man gently corrected.
"Oh, dass ist's? This English! He
makes me like this in the book. I say
always, 'Speak I right English?' from
begin to last.".
"Edwards has done well?" :
* • •
Wilton Lackaye presented Ibsen's
"Pillars of Society" at the Thursday
matinee last week.
-The auartet's first efforts will be di
rected to the interpretation of Brahms'
Gypsy Songs, Op. 103, and Oscar Well's
charming waltz cycle. "In Maytime,"
studied ' under happiest auspices with
the composer. Spamer will play the
Wieniawski "Faust" fantasie. Ernst's
"Otello" fantasie, the Suite in Italian
style by Paganini-Wiihelmj and other
works. ?R
The farewell concert to be given on
the 14th at Lyric Hall by Otto Spamer
will see the first' appearance of the
Brahms Quartet, a choir organized for
the study and production of the finer
ensemble vocal music. The members
are: Miss Millie Fiynn, soprano; Ger
trude Wheeler, contralto; Frank Ons
low, tenor, and • Homer Henley, basso.
Miss Julie R. 1 Tharp accompanies and
the choir has 'been studying under the
direction of Oscar Weil.
« * *
tagu for an injunction to restrain
David Belasco from producing "Sweet
Kitty Bellairs," Judge Lacombe hand
ed down a decision denying the appli
cation.
' I think madame here good-humoredly
doubted my taste, but she told me
proudly that President Roosevelt had
presented Franz George Washington
with a silver mug last year, with "From
Theodore Roosevelt to Franz George
Washington Schumann-Helnk on his
third birthday" inscribed thereupon.
Schumann-Heink's ardent American
ism is not her least notable trait. She
is frankly, ardently grateful to the
country that,' for her magnificent ser
vice in song, has given her the means
to bring up Franz George Washington
and the rest in the way they should go.
She evidences it in the fearless and
comical fashion that made Ernestine
Roassler's father's (Major Roessler) life
a very lively one, until the now Schu
mann-Heink's superabundant energies
were afforded outlet on the stage. "I
lofe America." »he was saying, "all
American people. You have been much
pood to me. You git your great men,
poets an<*. others, great honor while
they 1lf, make holidays .on birthdays,
zn. Better that than in Germany. For
get them there, not help and. honor
•H«n. I, you know." she laughed, "I
The sitting over, the prima donna,
with the cheerful .independence that
characterizes her — she quite probably
sews on her own buttons! — rolled
back her chair to my side. She be
gan: "Perhaps you would like to have
my children mit me? Nein? Bring
the pictures, please, Josie." And as
Miss Hartman delivered about a yard
and a half of handsome Schumann-
Heinks into my hands, madame
laughed: "The New York Herald al
ways wants my children, too, and many
other papers. This is, you know, Franz
•Jeorge Washington, and this Maria
Theresa—" and so on through the
whole bonny double quartet of them.
"They're beauties," I said critically,
"but wait until Maria Theresa sings
O'trud like her mother. It's you we
want to-day."
Pretty, madame is not. I thought as
I looked at her there, posing in large
unembarrassment. But then she looks
pretty! There is a pair of scintillant
brown eyes, humorously cut off at the
lids, and with the clear, blue whites of
a child; cheeks of lively rose under a
t lear, warm tan; fine brown hair,
with health in every thread of its
gloss and wave, and a smile irresistible
in its radiant good humor, kindliness
and bubbling fun, to make her. And as
I looked at her. like a German Ceres
in her deep-bosomed, ample-shouldered
prime, I thought there was no beauty
like that of perfect health, and
madame in its incarnation.
But I did not promise
?he asked as she gathered Miss Hart
man into camera range, with an af
fectionate: "You ¦will want her alzo?"
She went off into a rill of delighted
laughter at this and leaned over to
grasp both my hands as she got up
from her chair, lightly as a young girl.
Then stepping back, this incor
rigible comedienne — for such Schu
mann-Heink is — frowned . blackly,
folded her arms, pursed her lips and
s-aid in an abysmal contralto: "Must it
lie zo?" "Or zo?" — the latter in minc
ing treble, to the tune of a curtsey,
with daintily picked up skirts a la
W'utteau! I could have sworn then
to two flaxen braids sprouting as
madame dropped into an awkward lit
the German madchen and then into a
"May I be there to see your comic
opera!" I wished devoutly.
"I'm a bad thing — no write this?"
"I will be very glad," madame hos
pitably replied. "I have to make smile
face? You see, I am not beautiful and
not much young — I have son 2L"
"I can't believe it, madame," I re
turned, with as much truth as cour
tesy.
ryphrows, "Nein. Warum?" She then
rolled a huge chair up to another that
Btbod by the window and we sat down.
•We want a picture of you, ma
dame." 1 opened. "Will you be good
enough to let the camera man take you
now?"
Fight children and an artist of the
first magnitude — no, I should have no
need to fear nerves and things from
St humann-Helnk. I had asked for a
chat on the morning of her first con
cert and spent perhaps a moment won
dering if the singer would dole out her
words by the precious dozen, in a
grudging pianissimo. Then I remem
bered Franz George Washington Schu
n?ann-Heink and Maria Theresa Schu
mann-Heink and Heinrich Schumann-
Hrink and the five other little Schu
mann-Hrinks, with their eighty little
fingers to wash, to "kiss better," to
krop out of mischief, to find work and
play and bread for and I knew better.
And so large a family to pray for, too,
as madame seriously put it.
She came to meet me then as I felt
fhe must, with a full-blooded grasp of
•.he hand, a "how-de-do" like an organ
note and a smile as sunny as the
morning outside. It was at her hotel,
in a general sumptuousness of " set
ting—velvet green mostly, beginning
with a carpet lush as an April lawn.
There were several other feet on it be
pjd^s mine and madame's. In fact I in
terrupted a very kaffee-klatsch of
"Ichs," *'dus" and "ach himmels" as I
went in. Madame's accompanist, Miss
Hartman, who also guides madame's
naive and courageous English in the
way it should gx>, was there, other
friends, and a gifted young woman
with a 'voic* that she had brought
fur the singer's criticism. Less
us<h! to an audience than Schu
mann-Heink, I asked, after the
"fruten morjrens," if she minded chat
ting before people. If she didn't I
didn t.
¦
"Ich!" *he laughed and lifted her
"And," she said soberly, "I work and
work and work for nothing for twenty
years. Then I come to America — all
happy!"
"Madame, I cannot understand how
you could remain so long unrecog
nized," I exclaimed then. The tardy
recognition of this glorious singer in
her own country has long been a source
of profound amazement to me.
She explains it with a droll malice,
intensely amusing.
"You see," she laughed. "I not prima
donna. No tea-ea-ea gowns," and her
fingers haughtily swept, an imagined
train into space, then critically slapped
her taut walking skirt and trim lawn
waist. "I not beautiful."
"Not beautiful, Madame, but — '"
"Ach! with this!" she smiled, and
sayly pushing her perhaps not classical
nose into an appalling retrousse.
I was helpless by this time, but she
went on: "And I married very young,
have many children, no diamonds, not
at all interesting, I," she summed up
with a droll mischief that completed
the collapse of the company generally.
Space will not hold to tell how she
acted out the whole comedy, more's the
Pity.
I recovered at length to aski "How
could you keep out of comic opera eo
long?" .
"I have not," the singer returned. "I
have much Bung in comic opera at
home. In Germany one will sing funny
parts, too. Not triviale music, zo."
"But—"
"Ob, yes," madame conceded to my,
"A long time, isn't it?"
"The same great as Kundry. I learn
eo much from her," the prima donna
acknowledged, as gratefully as heartily.
"From Nordica, too, and Sembrlch, and
Melba, ail of them. I listen so much."
"What Is your opinion of the effect
of Wagnerian opera on the voice,
madame?"
She looked to see if I were serious,
and finding a glint of comprehension
in my nearest eye, replied with an an
swering gleam: "Ach, you know. When
you can sing, Wagner is all right. One
must have the Italian way— as it is
called— at the beginning. You cannot
fix building without first ground—"
"Foundation, madame," from Miss
Hartman.
I •• 'Foundation' it is," madame grate
fully repeated. "But the young singer
begins with Isolde, Kundry, Elsa— she
cannot sing them. Voice goes, poor
Richard is blamed. I sing now twenty
five years and have better voice now
than before."
"Ach! there i. artist!" her confrere
exclaimed. "It is not freundechaft,
but I think Ternina most wonderful
artist of Wagner that is. She has
voice like^this" — measuring off a lit
tle inch of her little finger — "but art!
Her Kundry" — and madame jumped
up to act it — "when she sings of Jesus
Christus, of looking for the wonder
ful eyes of him she has seen (ma
dame's took on the ecstatic rapture pf
Kundry's) that cry when she sees
him! Ach! There is nothing like it.
It is above the earth. It makes chills
run down the back zo!" and madame's
plump finger ran firmly down my own
sympathetic spine.
"Her Isolde Is also very great?"
"I think, I feel, not right," madame
returned, shaking her head. "How
you think?' Richard Wagner asked,
as last wish, that it be given only at
Bayreuth. 'Parsifal* needs surround
ings. You know it is not best work
of der meister and can only be — what
is vollkommen, Josie?— effective in
Bayreuth." . *}
"I thought the Metropolitan produc
tion was technically perfect?"
"Not alone is it that," madame de
cided, "it is the little village, among
beautiful hills, the atmosphere and
reverence of Bayreuth, that helo it.
After first act you have one hour in
termission. You eo out in 'the village,
get new life '- your feelings, and
come back with impression of God's
own earth about you."
"I should have imagined you would
lose the atmosphere that way."
"Nicht wahr, not at all." the singer
decided. She reverted then: "In New
York it was good 'Parsifal' this year.
But if in one, two year they give it
poor cast? — people say, 'Oh "Parsi
fal!" What is "Parsifal?"*" this with
a shrug that sent the "Parsifal" into
unknown limbos of degradation. It is
perhaps just as well that Schumann-
Heinck did not sr2 our local edition.
"Ternina was the Kundry this
year," I remarked.
"By the way, how do you feel about
the Conried 'Parsifal,' madame?" I
queried.
"Ach! how beautiful!" she cried.
Then looking out of the open window
upon the city, lifting fairly under the
milky topaz of the morning sun, her
bright face suddenly sober in the
silken kiss of the little spring wind,
madame said: "Never had I. Easter
time like this! I came, last week,
through your mountains. Mein Gott,
how beautiful! My heart was bo .big"
— her arms stretched to their furthest —
"I cried like a child. You know "Par
sifal?" It was there like the Good
Friday spell. I will forget it never.
That's church to me — and there is so
much prayer for eight children — das*
ist so!"
have on my house American flag. We
hiss it "
"Hoist it, madame"— politely, from
Miss Hartman.
"What should I without you do,
Josie? — hoise it on July 4th, George
Washington's birthday, all American
holidays. Some neighbors say," she
laughed, then drew down her mouth at
a tremendously disapproving angle,
"what's de matter mit her! Jalouse!
But I lofe America."
"And California, madame."
From the seriousness of "A Doll's
House" .to the lovely picture book of
"Mam'selle Napoleon" is a far step. Yet
is "Mam'selle Napoleon" for the people
who like the kind of thing, best worth
seeing of its kind. Ziegfeld, who pre
sents the piece, has outdone himself in
the lavish beauty of the costumes and
scenic investiture. There are costume3
innumerable, from their quaint and
correct beauty, their admirable splen
dor, alone worth going to see. Zieg
feld is an artist of the first rank here,
of a fine eye and ungrudging purse.
Not less may be said of the just mag- ¦
niflcence of the scenic settings— the
Artists' Foyer at the Comedie Fran
caise with its gallery of portraits, th«
Kiosk at Compiegne", with its lily
starred lake, the Grand Opera-house
with a ball in progress, a scene of al
most unexampled splendor. Of course
there are pretty girls galore, the pret
tiest still the dimpled and bewitching
Billy Norton. What a sonsie, bonny
creature she is, in that rustic white
satin gown of the second act, with
the gloriously illogical chapeau of the
period! The lighting, too, Is a fea
ture of the production in which , Mr.
Ziegfeld has points galore for hla
rivals.
Of the comedy one finds "Mam'selle
Napoleon" with moments of unexpected
seriousness. M. Richepin, who is its
Parisian progenitor, furnished the play
with a pretty little plot that has not
wholly disappeared under its ' expert
editing for the American market at
Joseph Herbert's hands. And Herbert
has added a whole arsenal of jokes and
popular ditties and generally brought
the comedy within what M. Richepin
would doubtless call the coarser Amer
ican comprehension.
As Mile. Mars, Anna Held has an
unusually varied opportunity and dis
plays unsuspected resource therein.
She looks tinier than ever among her
regiment of stalwart maids, and as
ever is the acme of serpentine ele
gance and seductive prettiness. She
has moments in the second act, where,
as Mile. Mars, she meets Napoleon to
plead for her. lover's life, and to refuse
at the same time Napoleon's devoirs,
that make one : soundly regret the un
deniable suggestion of her "Same Old
Girl," for- example. Mile. Held does
not need to depend upon that kind;of
thing. The little scene with Napoleon
showed her a • bewitching and dainty
little artist, the climax reached in her
entirely delightful re£ltal, in delightful
French, of "The Lion and the Mouse."
In the first act also she did some nota
bly -clever", acting, and but for a few
flaws of the : kind above quoted her ¦
whole performance is delicately charm
ing.
They have a very good Napoleon, too,
in A rt.hur R/ Lawrence, and Frank
Rushworth leads with his. customary
distinction in the part of, Noel GilotT
Franz Ebert, the clever midget, al»o rt*
jama, : — -*
"A Doll's House" will, however, in
spite of that, be given to-morrow even
ing. Lighter, and yet with the same
triumphant, biting realism of "Hedda
Gabler," "A Doll's House" is likely to
prove even more popular. "A Bit of
Old Chelsea" precedes the play each
night, and on Friday evening, in re
sponse to innumerable requests,
"Hedda Gabler" will be repeated.
"But" — she burst into a peal of Cy
prienne-like laughter, that, however,
fully comprehended my predicament.
"We can't . talk Ibsen with that," I
said pointing to the Parisian frou-frou
of her get-up. But it was not that.
Mrs. • Fiske's very personality was
changed. It 'was a very Parisienne.
chic, spirituelle, elegant, that faced me.
"Of course we can't," she laughed.
"Let's talk Sardou."
She told me then that Harrison Grey
Fiske, the worthily famed editor of the
famous Dramatic Mirror, and the for
tunate husband of his distinguished
wife, had made this translation of "Di
vorcons" in three days, and never even
read it over. A brilliant feat! As the
highest compliment in my power, I
told Mrs. Fiske that I should like to in
terview him.
But we left Ibsen severely alone.
I went behind then, to see Mrs. Fiske
with her young girl coiffure, the dress,
the saucy face of Cyprienne. and I gave
it up.
"I wanted you to tell me a little
about Nora Helmer," I said, but — "
"But?"—
"But" —
That was before the "Divorcons,"
before an hour and a half of Sardou at
his best. I watched the performance
through with, the same, or increased,
lively delight with which I had seen it
on Monday night. The delicacy of touch,
quick, light, sure, the admirable wit of
the fooling-, the wholly French key and
rhythm of the performance, from Mrs.
Fiske's Cyprienne to Mack's waiter,
anew surprised and charmed me. The
gayety and insolence of the whole thing,
in fact, intoxicated me afresh, and I'm
afraid I had quite forgotten grim, oM
Ibsen as the riotous curtain went down.
see me.
As "A Doll's House" leads the dra
matic list this week, I went to gather
such pearls of Ibsen wisdom as I might
from Mrs. Fiske's prophetic lips. It
was at the Grand Opera-house and
I was to see the actress after the "Di
vorcons" — my second view of the de
lightful comedy. I had decided just
what Mrs. Fiske should decide for me
concerning little Nora Helmer's make
up. , I had my own views of the re
bellious child wife's conduct, but mod
estly fancied that Mrs. Fiske might
have hers. So, not knowing what
awaited her, Mrs. Fiske consented to
WITH THE PLAYERS
AND THE
MUSIC FOLK
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL,, SUNDAY; APRIL 10, 1904;
Bessie Kelly -is headlined in the
Chutes bill I of . the Week. „
¦¦,¦•¦¦/...'¦¦- t
19LONDON, April 9.— The very latest
fad in London is the "jewel party."
A very successful one was given by
Mrs. Sargent, sister of the Duchess of
Somerset, a day or two ago and proved
far more interesting than the ordinary
tea fight. - Women were asked to bring
their most beautiful and uncommon
bits of jewelry. Many of the guests
positively refused to do more than
show them how to place them on
their persons, but the majority set
them out in specially prepared jewel
cases and an expert, who combined
the role of lecturer and amateur dj>>
tective, held forth on the history and
science of precious stones while keep-
Jewel Parties a Fad.
LONDON, April 9. — There was a
sale- of jewels at Christie & Manson's
recently and an interesting: lot was
the Star of the Ernestine Order of
Saxe-Coburg-Gotha, in diamonds,
rubies and emeralds, which was pre
sented in 1835 by Duke Ernest (father
of Prince Albert) to Sir John Conroy.
the then comptroller of the Duchess
of Kent's household and general man
ager of her affairs. Duke Ernest was
then desirous of making a friend of
Sir John Conroy. knowing the great
influence which he exercised over the
Duchess of Kent Queen Victoria de
tested Sir John and directly she came
to the throne she dismissed him with
a pension of $18,000 a year and a red
ribbon, but he wps refused the peer
age which he had asked for. Conroy
had been equerry and comptroller to
the Duke of Kent and he was co
executor with the Duchess under that
Prince's will.
Sale of Famous Jewels.
Receiving: with them were: George
Franklin Shiels, Mrs. George B. Sperry.
Mrs. William B. Hamilton, Mrs. Mark
Gerstle, Mrs. Ernest S. Simpson, Mrs.
William Gerstle and Mrs. Martin Reg
ensberger.
Eight . hundred invitations were
Issued and the rare day brought forth
no "regrets."
The house was gay with fruit blos
soms and forest greenery, forming a
fit background for the stunning gowns,
and oh, such loves of hats!
Mrs. J. Wilson Shiels, the hostess,
was superb in a French gown of white
syanite over white taffeta, trimmed
with old lace. The guest of honor,
Mrs. William Shiels, was gowned in a
lace robe over white taffeta.
The. Shiels reception on Thursday at
1550 Page street was the largest affair
noted for, many months and one of the
most notable.
will receive a check for $5000 from Dr.
Herbert Law, who, with his wife, is
deeply interested in the institution.
LONDON, April 9.— The dolls of
Queen Victoria will be one of the ex
hibits in the English building at the
St. Louis Exposition. The building
itself will, be a reproduction of the
drapery of Kensington Palace, where
Queen Victoria was born. The dolls
will be exactly in the state they, were
left when abandoned by their roya;
possessor for larger and more active
dolls. Some are without noses, the
paint h*es-*een washed oft others, in
short^ihey are somewhat in the state
most dollies are after being cared for
by their zealous mistresaeau
Queen's Dolls to Be Exhibited.
PARIS. April 9.— The latest depar
ture In the world of fashion is the silk
tailor made gown. It is extremely
"chic." The colors most uced are gold
en brown and the popular: green
shades. One handsome model was
made with a skirt of six flounces, very
flat at the hips. The bolero on the
bodice, also flounced, fell over a high
Sirdle.:iW ' " *
Tailor Made Gowns of Silk.
. Already the . managers of- the ¦ nursery
raised $S0OO . toward^ the building/When
they swell that amount to : $10,000^ they
What ; a splendid .success that card
party. was at Native Sons' Hall on
Thursday night! Not less splendid was
the cause that ''lured so many men and
women from their firesides. :
, Unlimited credit is due the committee
of arrangements 'for' their indefatigable
energies in promoting, the affair, by
which means a goodly sum of money
was raised toward erecting a home for
the - homeless children— what a pathetic
term! Among those who labored earn
estly, for " the affair were Mrs. George
Elder, Mrs.- Preston and Mrs. Sperry.
- The officers of the . San Francisco
Nursery- for^ Homeless: Children are:
Mrs.' Jacob Bertz of 1366 Hayes street,
president ; - Mrs. ¦¦ J. J. . Theobald of ¦- 2010
Pierce' street, treasurer; Mrs. Guy Man
ning of 3675 Clay, street, recording /sec
retary., and Mrs.- James L". Gould of 1816
Enclnal avenue, Alameda, correspond
ing secretary. : , .¦
Mrs. Charles Foster, Miss Anna Sperryt
Lieutenant Jamieson, U. Si A.; Lieuten
ant Carrlgan, U. : S. A., and H. Clay
Miller.
ing a fatherly eye en every one's prop
erty.
| /. v THREE OF SOCIETY'S PROGRESSIVE LEADERS.
, Mr3. Norman /Menzies,- .who. has just
arrived- in. San Francisco from"' Japan.
.Mrs. .Williani 5,' R. Wheeler, , who left
for; New* York; last, week, /will -not "re
turn ff om the East until early in May.
Mrs. Wheeler 'is /.at present /finding
amusement \ making / a , collection / of
original toasts with -which . . she ?-'• will
probably test^the.taste of "the Ameri
can reading public.
, ¦ - « •'•••. ,
, Mrs. ; Samuel 4 - Jackson of -Oakland,
who, -/with Miss Jackson, has been vis
iting the New Zealand wonderland, re
turns-to. California next month, com
plttely restored to health. . * ,
' , ', "'-'••" : • -" * • t' .
' San Rafael is much interested in the
announcement of the engagement of
Miss Winnifre'd Macintosh to* Robert
Menzies. Miss Macintosh " is a . daugh
ter of Dr. James Macintosh, president
of the Presbyterian , Theological Seny
inary at San Anselmo.- The; Macin
toshes have been here but a short time
from Philadelphia; \ but . that short j time
has proved long enough to have made
them hosts of friends. 'Living as they,
do between San [ Rafael and Ross Val
ley, they- are; claimed by '. both , places.
The Macintosh girls are j the' kind who
revel in, "out of doors." They ; love to
tramp, . and , their. ¦ many : "tramps
abroad',' do not ; seem ¦ to , have spoiled
them in the least for the enjoyment of
the ;fine roads in. the; vicinity, of- old
Tarnalpais. Mr. Menzies,' to" whom Miss
Macintosh is ... engaged, -is . &¦ sterling,
stanch young Scotchman, /son of Mrs.
and - the late Thomas Menzies of San
Rafael. ' \ '
How readily some people adapt them
selves to their surroundings; The D. E.;
Skinners are comparatively newcomers
to San Rafael, but already.,they seem
thoroughly^to belong there. They have
Just been enjoying a visit from' East
ern friends, for whom Mrs.*" Skinner
gave a luncheon last Tuesday. >¦ ,
Stetson, Coppee Thurston, .Wharton
Thurston. Cyril.Tobin, Wilberforce Wil
liams, Allan Wright, John M. 'Young
and Aimer Newhall.
Among those present were: Miss
Christine Pomeroy, Miss Emily Caro
lan, Miss Cora Smedberg, Miss Stella
McCalla, Miss Lucle Collier, Miss Helen
Chesebrough, Miss ; Anna Sperry,' Miss
Newell Drown, Miss Olga" Atherton,-
Miss Ruth Allen.' Miss Frances Allen,'
Miss Emily Wilson, Miss Hazel King,'
Miss Lucy Gwiri Coleman, Miss Eliza
beth Huntingtonj Miss Linda Cadwal
lader, Miss Margaret Wilson^ Miss
Elizabeth Livermore, -Miss 'Liicie' King,
Miss Gertrude Eells, Miss. Bessie;Wil
son,"' Miss Gertrude Dutton; Miss Elsie'
Dorr,' Miss Margaret Newhall, Miss
Helen Bailey, Miss Helen Bowie. Miss
Beth Allen, Miss Florence Gibbons, Miss
Elsie Tallant, And the hosts were Her
bert " Baker, Philip , Baker. Thomas
Berry, Wilbur Burnett, 'Otis Burrage/
William, Denman, Ben; Dibble, Robert
Eyre, William Goldsborough, Count P.
L. . Grimani, Edward Howard, Percy
King, Frank King, Allen; Kittle, Har
vey Lindsay, ' Norman LI vermore, > Dr.
William Lyster, Athol McBean.'Brock
way Metcalf, William /Page, 'Sidney
Pringle, Gerald Rathbone, / Harry H.
Rousseau, * . Sidney _. Salisbury, • Harry
The committee that performed the
clever role of hosts consisted of Whar
ton Thurston, Wilbur Burnett, Percy
King. Robert Eyre, Gerald Rathbone,
Dr. William Lyster, Wilberforce Wil
liams, Thomas Berry, William D. Page,
Sidney Salisbury, C. M. Howard Jr.
and John M. Young. - The patronesses
who received the guests were: Mrs.
James M. Allen, Mrs. E. L: Eyre, Mrs.
J. G. Kittle, Mrs. Bowman McCalla,
Mrs. Mary Newhall, Mrs. John Parrott,
Mrs. C. P. Pomeroy and Mrs. Russell
J. Wilson.
That bachelors' ball on Wednesday
night will ' furnish food for tea-table
chat for many moons. '
What a beautiful- possession is the
enthusiasm of youth!
Never had maidens merrier,time— and
they didn't seek to disguise 'the fact.
If one happened to be bored, shejooked
it. If she' was glad, she showed' it. So
much for youthful sincerity. It's the
twin sister to enthusiasm.
Wright, Miss Emily Wilson and Miss
Suzanne Blanding.
Miss Mabel:. Watkins was, hostess at
dinner at her Sausalito home last week, 1
when she entertained Mr. y and Mrs.
Watkins. -Mr. and Mrs.; Frank's Findley,
Mr. -' and (Mrs. Starr Keeler, ..Mr. /and
The Miss .Mary, PattenV here /men
tioned ..wjll; be "remembered^, by /, all
Nevadans '"- and early -Calif ornians ; as
the daughter . of ¦ John Patten -_ of Gold
Hill,", a stone's throw ; from \ the .world
famed . Comstock, where, 1 , by 'the way.
he made : the i money -that has made, his
family \ famous; in ;the~'national capitai— •
and fairly Well known on the Continent.
But that ability to rise is what,consti
tutes a. democracy, jt . - :
Interesting to us are the doings -of .
the women-folk of the White ' House.
Herewith is an excerpt from a corre
spondent:, • ,. '
. . "Mrs. Roosevelt is an almost 'daily at
tendant ;of the Lenten services, and J
usually walks alone to church across
the park, in the center of which stands,
the most criticized statue in -.Washing
ton—namely, the equestrian statue of-
Andrew Jackson, cast from • the war
trophies of Old Jlickory. '
"Miss Alice Roosevelt, the President's
daughter by a' former' marriage, is atf
home only a day here and there, as she
stops • en route • North or •' tiouth In a
series of visits, to attend some specially '
planned function in her honor. ' By a
curious circumstance, these" affairs are
nearly all given by. members of \ the
diplomatic colony. ••¦ '. ¦ ;. '¦'
• "The Russian Embassador and Coun
tess Cassini were among, her entertain
ers this week.'. Other guests at the em
bassy dinner were: Mrs. Arthur Paget,
trie English sister-in-law .'; of the late ;
William C. Whitney's daughter; Miss
Mary Patten, one of the Patten sisters,/
who are 'known as- the' best ¦' American-
born linguists in "Washington society;
Representative' Longwbrth,' the bache
lor, member ¦ from Cincinnati; Hon. :
Percy Wyndham of the- 'British em- '
bassy. and . Congressman" "Morrell .of
Massachusetts. . . •¦"••: ¦...__¦ I
\ "Mr: arid I Mrs. Robert -Patterson of
Chicago ; gave .heri a - luncheon, -: as a
bon voyage, before. she left •' for Aiken,'
S. C.,\ where she remained • .until '
Easter." :; ' - >¦•' '¦.•>...-
• . • :. •
was formerly Dorothy Vane, a musical
comedy actress 'well, known in England.
After playing a successful ,, season In
Australia she -decided to enter a con
vent, but at the last moment changed
her mind' and married Norman Men
zies, proprietor of , the best kno\vn
hostelry , in that country. They had
both been touring'.ln Japan, but l cut
short their stay owing to the r war op
erations. . .-.. ¦ > ¦ ¦..".-.
The following received the guests
who called to extend greetings 'to Mr.
Evans: Mrs. William Mintzer, Mrs.
Russell Wilson, 'Mrs. Herbert Folger,
Mrs. Mountford Wilson, Mrs. Kirkham
Wright, Mrs. Thomas Woodward, Mrs.
RIngwalt. Bishop, and Mrs. . Nichols,
Miss Carrie Gwin. Miss Sallie Maynard,
Miss Sophie Borel, Miss Alice Borel,
Miss Virginia Gibbs, Miss Maye Col
burn, Miss Effle Johnson,. Miss Brooke
On Tuesday evening the reception at
Century Hall, given to the charming
new rector of Grace Church, the: Rev.'
David' Evans, proved a very pleasant
affair. Receptions to divines are oft
times sepulchral functions, but the
Tuesday reception proved the- excep
tion, owing perhaps to the personality
of the honored guest, which is unde
niably pleasant.
A coy little bride was Miss Eleanor
Eckart, who now signs h'er name Mrs.
Edward C. Hume. Hers was a Mon
day wedding, and a noteworthy one.
The Eckart home on Clay street was
redolent with the blossoms of spring,
and the scene will linger long in the
memories of the fifty friends bidden
to witness the ceremony.
Mr. Hume is a popular U. C, man
of *94 and a member of the D. K. E.'s —
in which no doubt his little bride will
become a silent partner.
A pretty pair of maids attended the
bride at I the "altar. Miss Georgie Spie
ker and Miss Mabel Donaldson, the lat
ter herself to become a bride ere long.
Some stunning gowns and- bonnets
were worn, which drew forth much ad
miration from some Easterners loiter
ing in the lobby.
The hostess was assisted in receiving
by Miss Evelyn Hussey and Miss Car
ma Suttcn of Oakland and Miss Mabel
Watkins and Miss Florence Yates of
San Francisco. Fruit blossoms and
Easter Hlies made an attractive back
ground for the function.
Tuesday was prolific of affairs.
There was the card party at the St.
Francis — quite the largest affair of the
week — given by Mrs. Clarence J. Wet
more of Oakland.
That was truly a brilliant assem
blage. Lovely women and brave men
— in warrior garb — made an effective
background for the dazzling bridal
party.
At the reception that followed at the
Kent home these guests sat with the
bridal party:
Mrs. Malcolm Graham, Miss Kath
leen Kent, Miss Florence Cole. Miss
Jane Wilshire, Miss Mattie Milton. Miss
Louise Hall, Captain Enochs, Captain
Bradford. Dr. Brieshman, Lieutenant
Shinkle and Lieutenant Wetherill.
Florence Nightingale, Miss- Florence
White, Miss Marion Goodfellow. •Miss
May Coogan, Miss Mary Backer and
Miss Carolyn Oliver, made a group of
pretty maidens, and prettily f rocked
they were, too, all in white.
Who will forget Mrs. Ernest Stent in
her wedding robe of Venetian lace, with
her wealth of Titian hair done in quaint
fashion, and bearing queerish orchids?
A renaissance picture in truth!
Then there was the glinting, clank
ing invasion of Grace Church by the
soldiery, to commemorate m fitting
fashion the wedding of Miss Ethel Kent
to Lieutenant Gilbert A. Allen.
Whart a lovely bride she was as she
turned from the priedieu to receive the
greetings of loving friends.'
*: Her . attendants, Miss Winifred
Burdjre. Miss Marlon Smith, Miss
Grace Sperry, Miss Evelyn Ellis,. Miss
• *
The Miller-Burdge wedding was a
charming affair — artistic, without os
tentation, and picturesque. The deco
rations have not lieen surpassed these
many moons, the Smith mansion lend
ing itself admirably to the plans of
th<- artists.
What a week for nuptials! On Mon
day, the Burdge-MUler affair took
place; on Tuesday Miss Catherine
Louise Hamlet became the bride of
William A. Boole; on Wednesday the
Stent-Harris and the Allen-Kent nup
tials occurred. Now, that's a pretty
fair start for the first week of Lenten
respite.
Ab to future functions, they are al
most innumerable.
It is t>aid that the Mohr-Bailey wed
ding will occur in June, to the pretty
accompaniment of midsummer roses.
Note the women who are patronesses
of the Darragh lectures (to occur at
Steinway Hall on April 11 and April
16. thp former at 8:15 and the latter at
2:30); Mrs. E. T. Allen. Mrs. R. J.
Anderson, Mrs. L. L. Baker, Mrs. Fred
H. Beaver, Mrs. E. E. Brownell, Mrs.
Eugfne Brcsse, Mrs. E. A. Belcher,
Mrs. Edwin C. Bonton, Mrs. W. B.
Bourn Jr., Mrs. Kate Bulkley, Mrs. ,J.
G. Clark. Mrs. Philip Caduc. Mrs.
James Carolan, Miss Ina D. Cool
braith. Mrs. Warren D. Clark, Mrs. H.
C. Davis. Mrs. Willis E. Davis. Mrs. A.
N. Drown. Mrs. Frank G. Drum, Mrs.
E. H. Davenport, Mrs. Charles E.
Gibbs, Mrs. J. A. de Greayer. Mrs.
George Gibbs, Miss Grace L. Jones,
Mrs. Thomas W. Huntingdon, Mrs.
Horace L. Hill, Miss Hamiin, Mrs. W.
B. Harrington. Mrs. H. O. Howitt. Mrs.
M. B. Kellogg, Mrs. George H. Kellogg.
Mrs. W. I. Kip. Mrs. J. G. Cline,
Mrs. J. P. Langhorne, Miss Jenne
Long. Miss Lake. Mrs. W. Mintzer,
Mrs. Louis Monteagle, Mrs. W. C. Mor
row, Mrs. B. F. Norris, Mrs. Herman
Powers. Mrs. W. F. Nichols, Miss Pink
ham. Mrs. C. P. Pomeroy, Mrs. L. B.
Parrott. Mrs. F. G. Sanborn. Mrs. Hor
ace PilJsbury, Mrs. Augustus Rodgers,
Mrs. John F. Swift, Mrs. G. R. Shreve,
Mrs. G. L. Smith, Mrs. A. M. Simpson.
Mrs. 12 Humphrey-Smith, Mrs. John
Simpson. Mrs. R. J. Tausig. Mrs. An
drew TaJbot, Mrs. F. W. Tallant, Mrs.
S. M. Van Wyck, Mrs. A. H. Voorhies.
Mrs. Horace Wilson, Mrs. Cyrus Wal
ker, Miss West, Mrs. H. A. Williams,
Mrs. B. M. Weeden.
May the salon prosper! Let us face
Gertrude's accusation with the contra
dictory evidence of the mental and
moral growth of our society' folk in
the formation of that salon— or many
vt them.
So our compatriot. G< -trade Atherton.
eeply deplores the degeneracy of *o
icty—not California society parttcu
arly, but the whole civilized product.
\'ov\. that's distinctly sad. But* luck
ly. there are those who don't believe
t— not a word of it. That there are de
?pnpr. :s in society every sane creature
admits— Just as there are misfits "out"
of the elysium known generieally as
society, course • all harbor in
our minds the tale of "The Daughter
of the Vine" — a disclosing of the his
tory of an old California family; so
It is logical to suppose that we of the
West come under the ban — therefore are
we grieving. Witness e tears!
Hi .-.ever, seriously speaking, there la
ground for much that Gertrude says—
of the frivolity, the lack of purpose,
ard the resultant inanity of many who
compose the leisure class. But what of
the larger and still crowing class— the
¦women who do things, be the things
cultural, philanthropic or merely so
cial—herein, of course, eliminating the
antics of our forest ancestry?
Whatever may be said of the bulk
of European society, there is no ques
tion that society in America — which we
know is dominated by women— is seri
ously occupied a part of its time with
mental culture, with charities or work
along social science lines. In New
York, in Chicago and in San Francisco
—observe the three cities of these great
United States— there are not a baker's
dozen of women .who are not devoted to
some cultural cl^b or some hospital or
home. It is said that women play
c#ds for high stakes, that they go to
their couches addle-pated, that they
svfar and smoke — and go to any
knpths to pet the money for the clothes
thdr station imposes upon them. Now,
of our own local set, how many could
be tallied en any such footing?
True, there are a few who do not
possess the attributes that we fondly
hope to find among the sni^rt set, but
they are few — happily a very few. And
as for the tender care society maids
and matrons bear the heavy-laden,
look at the roster for philanthropic
work <>f the last fortnight — or, if you
be of the sex with side pockets you
perhaps know more about that than I
can tell you. But distinctly, are the
women of San Francisco society ac
quitted of the charge of frivolity — that
is, the bulk of it, and the part that
counts. Ar.d as to lack of purpose,
why. haven't we had Darragh giving
us Shakespeare, and Mrs. Fiske Ibsen?
Then our social leaders number
among them enough musicians — prac
tical and theoretical — to make two
very reputable musical clubs, the
Twentieth Cenvury and the San Fran
cisco — both of which present high
class programmes and promote a taste
for good music.
Among the clubs doing work along
cultural lints the Spinners' hold a con
spicuous place, composed of women
who do things — who write, paint, sing,
play or do something worth while. The
president of this interesting organiza
tion. Miss Ednah Robinson, has just
promulgated a scheme for the redemp
tion of our social iniquities and inani
ties — the establishment of the salon in
our city, even as in Paris— yes, and in
New York — where clever people may
meet their kind, and drink from a com
mon fount the inspiration that means
development — and mutual pleasure.
FUN AND PHILANTHROPY IN THE SMART SET.
THE ' SAN^FRANGISGO ) CX£L^ : SUNDAY, APRIL ¦ 10; 1904.
20FORTY-EIGHT 1 ' PAGES— SAN FRANCISCO, .SUNDAY, APRIL 10, v 1904— PAGES .21 TO 34
Continued on Page 22, Column 3.
Armored Automobiles to Be Used.
PARIS, -April 10.— According to the
St. Petersburg correspondent of; the
Journal, i'a large number . of • armored
automobiles' manufactured : in: Ger
many, , France and Belgium '/will . leave
there for the : front on Monday.
_ CALGARY, N. W. T.; April 9.— N.
W. Baggs, '*a v well known lawyer, ,has
been /arrested by the' mounted police
on' the charge " of /complicity in the
$10,000; robbery which occurred four
montha ago between this place and
Winnipeg. Thomas 1 Behah, ;a -horse
dealer, and Jerry Boyce, a hotel-keep
er at*. Gleicheri, were taken /into , cus
tody in connection with the* case. The
case /was worked up by Seattle de
tectives. -
ATTORNEY/ IS ACCUSED
OF AIDING IX ROBBERY
/.The upshot of; Canon Henson's.bold
declaration that ' "current and general
ly/acepted\versions/of Christlari/truth
are" bec'oriiirig .Inadequate*.and/unsat
isfactory"/ is awaited'with interest. I
¦Y These- outspoken "utterances -vhave
caused •public ""arid < private t appeals > to
be made to the Archbishop : of Canter
bury, but so far no action has been
taken.
is /"rising: to the ' conviction that we
are/ part", of /nature "and so part of
God: '/In 1 this" sense the, union /of ; di
vinity/ is /what science some 'day. will
tell r us/is t the inner 'meaning' of the
redeihption ; of man. '-¦/¦'/
the New Duty of the United States,
Especially With Regard to the Phil
ippines."
In the early part of his address Taft
announced that it was the duty of the
Government of • the United States to
retain the islands in its possession. It
has started on a great task and so far
that task has been well - done. It
would not be the part of a great na
tion, he said, for the United , States
now to turn back from the task-.which
it had taken upon Itself.
"The Policy of the Administration;
Declares It Is the Duty of the United
States to Reclaim the rhlllp
pinc Islands.
CHICAGO. April 9.— At a banquet
of the Hamilton Club to-night the
principal speaker of the evening was
Secretary of War Taf t, who spoke on
TAFT SPEAKS OX POLICY
OF THE ADMIXISTRATIOX
The thump on the sidewalk' caused
the c-iricials of the courthouse' to rush
out. They found the accused murderer
lying on his face and breathing his last.
He was taken.; to the ; Sheriff's office
and medical aid was summoned. He
died in a' few minutes, being, uncon
scious from the moment he struck the
pavement. His scalp, was, not broken
and not a drop of blood appeared. \
The ' defense^ say that Manoogian's
act proves their claim : of insanity,
while others declare it was a deliberate
attempt' to cheat the prison.* The jury
in the case was discharged immediate
ly after the death, of the defendant.
It is understood -that they had decided
to render a verdict of murder in the
first degree. It/was Manoogian's sec
ond trial, he having been convicted arid
sentenced to life Imprls6nment last
year, "l^pil
Manoogian, besides, killing Michael,
wounded Rustigian: . The quarrel arose
over, an old feud among the' Armenians
of : this Dlace. - '
The jury had been out but five min
utes when the dejected prisoner calmly
arose from his seat and asked Deputy
Sheriff Pickett if- he might step to the
window lo get a little fresh air. The
deputy nodded his head in acquiescence,
but did not leave his seat to accompany
his prisoner.
Manoogian went to the window and
for a few minutes looked out and rub
bed his brow.. He then turned and
faced the court. He cast a look of de
fiance toward his accusers and. then
sprang backward from the ..window
headforemost. ¦ ¦ V
FRESNO, April 9.— Almost certain
that he would be condemned to a life
of imprisonment for the murder of Os
car Michael on July '4, 1902, Richard
Manoogian hurled himself from the
window of Judge Austin's courtroom
this afternoon to the pavement forty
feet below with the intention of taking
his life.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
But Senator Fairbanks is npt . going
to have'a walkover. for the nomination,
and Republican leaders believe that it
would" be wise to have a contest over
something in; the - convention/ in i order
to add interest to its deliberations.
Governor Van- Sant of Minnesota be
came " a . ¦ candidate *.' for /Vice . President
during the. week and he will "> have. the
support of the delegates from his State.
- Of "course, Senator Fairbanks^ of In
diana heads, this list. Up to the pres
ent time ' no one ' has had any doubt
that- Senator' Fairbanks/ would event
ually.; get 'the ¦. nomination.- . • ,
He is supported .warmly, in. his own
State. - He ywas .originally a candidate
,f or "President, • arid he would; add much
conservative strength tothe ticket. The
Senate is almc-s> solidly for him.
;, CALL BUREAU, "HOTEL BARTON.
¦WASHINGTON, April 9.— Recent ..Re
publican Congressional district "conven
tions in AVest Virginia have indorsed
Senator Stephen B. Elkins for the .Vice
Presidency and Representative Galnes
of West Virginia visited . the White
House to-day and assured the Presi
dent that Senator Elkins' < name would
be presented to the convention. .*. j
"The West 'Virginia : delegation ->to
Chicago. will be solid a'rid 'enthusiastic
for Senator Elkins for Vice' President,",
said Gaines. '*;We arein earnest in ad
vocating his nomination" and all dele
gates from the State will be 'instructed
to vote for him.". • : -
It thus appears that Senator Elkins'
candidacy is ho longer a 'joke and /his
name must : be! added to the list that is
already rapidly growing large that will
be considered by the delegates at Chl-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
n i »x -tut i ¦ ¦ t ¦—--'.¦•
Culprit Makes Leap
From Courtroom
11 Window.
Effins the Latest As
pirant: for Vice
PresMency.
It is presumed he killed his family so
that he could be free to. live "with 'a
Denver woman, with whom he made a
trip last year.
Galbraith was arrested on Friday for
passing a forged check drawn upon the
Topeka Mining Company account. Af
ter he killed his family he went to
Idaho Springs and then came on to
Denver. lie has been drinking heavily
and says he knows little of what oc
curred. Mrs. Lottie Russell, with
whom he traveled, was arrested last
night.
Galbraith says he shot his wife while
she was lying in bed beside him. Then
he called their son, who was playing,
into the house and coaxed him into the
bed and shot him when he looked out
of the window.
When the news of Galbralth's arrest
on the forgery charge reached Russell
Gulch yesterday, the owner of the
house 1 in which they had lived. began
a search and discovered the bodies in
bod. where they had lain a month.
Galbraith had stated that his family
had gone to Boston.
Galbraith made a complete confes
sion of the murder in the Denver jail
to Chief of Police Armstrong and. De
tective Captain Conner to-night. Smok
ing a cigarette and sometimes smiling
he related the awful details without a
tremor. - The only thing about which
the police are undecided is Galbraith's
motive. Galbraith evidently had in
tended to take his own life after the
murder of his wife and child, but, as
Chief Armstrong told him, "he lacked
the nerve."
DENVER, Colo.. April 9.— Azell D.
Galbralth, former bookkeeper of the
Topeka mine at Russell Gulch, Colo.,
who was arrested in Denver on Friday
for forgery, 'was discovered last night
to have murdered his wife and 9-year
old 'son, Ronald, on or about last
March 9.
Special Dispatch to The Call
PRISONER
PLUNGES
TO DEATH
Search of Forger's
House Reveals
tragedy.
NUMEROUS
RIVALS OF
FAIRBANKS
O9CAT* XING DAVIS. THE 'CALL'S . ]
CORRESPONDENT. TV.HO IS NOUCXIS
AT. THE FRONT" IK; KOnnx~^.-. I'
-Negotiations beyond' Lord' Lans
downe's '/offer have not been ' com
menced i and are not - likely - to': assume
any definite ; phase ;in & the : near : future.
¦"/Lord '• Lansdowne .did not stipulate
pr' enter into : any. details.* /Embassador
Benkendorff jexpressed : his ¦ pleasure . at
.the"' offer *"• and-", transmitted " Jt '.to/St/j
Petersburg, .' where ¦ Lord . Lansdowne'3
action is "understbd to have been taken
as a material expression ¦ of Klng-Ed-^
ward's ; personal : messages. . There, ' tor
the"^ moment/, the matter " stands.? -
. The press learns that the exact status
of the much-forecasted Anglo-Russian
understanding is as follows: ;
; After; King Edward: had given ; his
personal 'assurances to Emperor Nich
olas, that- the anti-Russian comments
in the 1 British press did Jnof represent
the. feeling of his Government Foreign
Secretary. - Lansdowne , informed the
Russian ' Embassador, Count Benkea
dorff; that he would be glad to reopen
the negotiations ; ; looking-. to a settle
ment-of all matters -how in" dispute be
tween Russia" and^ Great' Britain.
; Great Britain, thanks to Lord Lans
downe, is committed to. hold Tibet, and
the Persian Gulf against the Czar and
even to see that Russia, does not seize
any j pretext -to overturn the /existing
political, structure of .the. Balkans.
The grave nature of this policy is ap
preciated in Downing street and ac
counts' for Great Britain's rather re
markable concessions to France, in or
der to obtain a. broad and stable basis
for. peace' with that nation. The British
Government . Is determined, if possible,
so to .: buttress Britain's ¦'.. international
position that Russia will never be em
boldened to 'assail the: principles Lord
Lansdowne 'has laid down/
ANGLO-RUSSIAN OVERTURES.
PARIS, April 9.— Although the
Anglo-French colonial treaty just
sighed "makes no, specific reference to
any protectorates, it Is now recognized
that between the lines the treaty
means the establishment, of a French
protectorate v over i Morocco similar to
the ,. present • protectorate of France
over -Tunis, ami that it makes perma
nent' the ' British . protectorate over
Egypt.! Thus the effect of the treaty
is to transform the entire political
geography "of • Northern Africa, with
Great Britain dominating the eastern
shoves of the Mediterranean and
France the western shores.
LONDON, April 0.— The Anglo-
French colonial treaty marks the cul
minating point of Lord Lansdowne's
recovery from the injury done his repu
tation by the South African war, and
crowns a notable series of diplomatic
acts, which raises Lord Salisbury's suc
cessor to the first rank of British For
eign Secretaries. ;ISSI
Lord Lansdowne's quality as a" diplo
matist was first manifested when he
refused to follow, the lead of Chamber
lain and other Ministers in abusing the
Boers and reviling their leaders and
initiated the courteous methods which
transferred the final stages of the
South African problem from the sphere
of. violence to the sphere of reason.
Then followed a policy of firm and
definite opposition to Russia in Asia
and Europe. In this respect Lord Lans
downe stands almost alone among lat
ter-day ;BritIsh statesmen.
V His outspokenness has startled many
responsible personages in. London and
amazed the. statesmen of St v Peters
burg, where the tradition prevails that,
however, much Great Britain may pro
test, it has no intention of seriously at
tempting to arrest Russia's advance
when; Russia is actually ready to move
forward. . .
i /
Special Dispatch to The CalL
FIND WIFE
AND CHILD
MURDERED
British Foreign Sec*
retary Is Now in
High Favor.
BRITISH FOREIGN SECRETARY. WHO
NEGOTIATED COLONIAL TREATY
WITH FRENCH GOVERNMENT.
Diplomats accredited to the Court of
St. James express surprise at the fact
that Lord Lansdowne has gone even
so far as she has. It was believed, es
pecially in German quarters, that the
suggested negotiations lived only in the
Imagination of. the press and that the
authorities at St. Petersburg and Lon
don tacitly sanctioned the fallacy in
thethope of reconciling the British and
Russian publics.
That Lord Lansdowne has taken such
an initiative while Great Britain's ally
is still at war with Russia is regarded
as being a somewhat bold and unex
pected step, all the more so because it
Is understood here that all' the Rus
sians at St. Petersburg still studiously
avoid visiting the British embassy. One
of the members of the diplomatic corps
here, on learning what Lord Lans
downe-had done, said:
"That is an olive branch with a
vengeance."
MADRID, April 9.— The newspapers
here comment somewhat bitterly on
the -Anglo-French colonial treaty; and
assail. the Spanish Ministers, who, they
declare, permitted Spain to be despoiled
and her interests in Morocco obliterat
ed.,>Xhe Correspondencia Accuses Pre
mier Maura ; of. being so "preoccupied
with the conquest of Barcelona that he
was unable to note the fact that : Spain
had /evacuated -Morocco. V .
Attorney, - General Knox has -under
consideration the question of the valid
ity, of the exclusion law of 1902, in* view
of : the denunciation of the treaty, and
he. will prepare and submit to the Pres
ident an opinion on the subject- Both
the President and the Attorney General
have discussed the matter with mem
bers of Congress. It is being consider
ed, too, by members of both branche3
of Congress, and if it is deemed neces
sary some legislative action will be
taken on it before adjournment. If it
should be concluded that the denun
ciation of the treaty by China would
render inoperative existing laws re
garding Chinese exclusion, the proba
ble course of action will be to attach
to one of the pending appropriation
bills an amendment enforcing the ex
clusion of Chinese.
Members of Congress generally are
agreed that no difficulty will be experi
enced in passing. the legislation if it
should be regarded as necessary.
No great hope was felt here that they
could ever reach a conclusion satis
factory to both countries, though in
view of the Anglo-French agreement
even the most pessimistic are unwill
ing to be too dogmatic on this point.
Both King Edward's personal action
and the step taken by his Foreign Sec
retary are due to a great degree to the
untiring solicitation of Queen Alexan
dra, who has been greatly distressed
over the war which has Involved her
Russian relatives and Great Britain's
ally.
DIPLOMATS ARE ASTOUNDED.
However, it is positively stated that
the Exclusion laws will continue to be
enforced after December next, whether
the treaty expires or not.
WASHINGTON, April 9.— In the Cab
inet meetings and in conferences "di
rectly between the executive heads of
departments the whole subject of the
status of the Chinese immigration
question as it will' be afjer the lapse
of the existing treaty has been thor
oughly digested, and it can be stated
that the administration feels that it
has ample warrant for continuing .to
enforce the rigid provisions of the Chi
nese exclusion act, regardless of the
denunciation of the treaty.
So far from opening the door to Chi
nese immigraton the lapse of the
treaty will, it is said, actually render
the entrance of- Chinese into this coun
try more difficult than while the treaty
remained in force. This fact has been
pointed out to the Chinese Government
by Minister Conger, who has not yet
abandoned the effort to induce the Chi
nese Government to reconsider its de
nunciation.
In another / . and & similar " article
Canon : Henson, dealing with Christ's
resurrection, asks: /
. "Is r tbe : faithT, of. the church in -the
Divine • Christ- living,".; present and ' ac-'
tive, really, built' on an empty tomb?
For •myself, I prefer-to -believe'' that
no 'such • intimate vital connection ex
ists : between i the" truth of Christianity,
and the 'traditional" notions "of 'its his
torical! origins."-.
• .'Sir Oliver'Lodge'asks, '-'Now that re
ligion is -becoming-- .so much more
real,'.' > whether; the "formal statement
of some 'of r the r doctrines we have ? iri- ;
her! ted ' from" medieval 'and ' still ear
lier cannot' wisely and. inoffen^
sively be/ modified,' 1 ; arid • shocks i many,
of hisi c6fellgionists^by(d6claringf that
he regards* the; ".doctrine of 'atonement
in -.the v concrete '-" form . as ] a v survival
from' barbarous '-; times,"; ; repudiating
the} belief; in an - "angry . God, 5 appeased
by the: violent death of Christ," and
"maintaining that human natures now
RESURRECTION' OF CHRIST.
I- Despite its ; misuse, however, Canon
Henson holds that the Bible will con
tinue for all. time .to be the "best man
ual of fundamental morality and the
best corrective of ecclesiastical corrup
tion," besides being the "most effectual
check on the materialistic tendencies of
modern life." . ; .
CAUSE OF ANARCHY'S SPREAD.
In a, striking analysis of the present
social condition,. Canon Henson attrib
utes the spread, of anarchy, the "ulcer
that' is eating the vitals of society," to
the disappearance" over large areas of
civilized life of, trie religious bases of
morality. | Yet 'he finds ' an excuse for
these "non-moral multitudes," who,
from the cradle to I the ... grave, have
faced the "serere pressure of competi
tion/the squalor of poverty and the
miserable exigencies of unmerited
want," and who "inevitably compare
their condition with the ostentation of
unearned wealth," the profusion of un
checked luxury and the. insolence of
unchastened "power."
The Canon says that when it is re
membered that V'these cruel, shocking
contrasts are no longer ' regarded : with
the dull stare of fatalistic' ignorance,
but the 'full "light of 'these doctrines of
equality, which are" the commonplaces
of: democratic politics," it is no wonder
that "the minds of thousands are pre
disposed toward ; the'sophistries of an
archy." ¦-':
• "It* would , be idle to- deny," he con
cludes, "that the -credit. of the Scrip
tures is seriously shaken in the public
mind, nor, can it" reasonably, be doubted
that the tendencies,- of popular life, as
at; present j prevailing, are in • main
hostile to 1 Christian traditions."
Inthe New Testament he finds little
to off end -reasoni of: ¦•• conscience, : Vbut
wh'ejtherirnucli or little, it<.will have to
go. the, /"way*; of the" Old Testament
prodigies." '-V. He vTre^Smmends;." s'up-.
plementirig the^reading of; the Bible
in > church .'with / ''Christian . com
positions, whieh .have secured .the
approval of general acceptance,"
declaring' that ••indiscriminate readr.
ing of. the.! Bible-,; in", public, is
an extremely, perilous proceeding", and
adding that /"the rigidity which re
stricts the, modern English church to
canonical 1 scripture is as intrinsically
indefensible, as it\ is practically mis
chievous.", ,, .¦ •
LONDON, April 9.— Canon Henson,
one of the chief dignitaries of West
minster Abbey and a select preacher
of both Oxford and Cambridge uni
versities, has raised a storm of criti
cism* by an' article in the Contempo
rary Review in which he, enters into
the question of the future of the
Bible. In this article Canon Henson
impugns j the inspiration of the Old
Testament, referring. to "its incredible, j
puerile' or* demoralizing narratives,"
which are regarded-as being "a pack
of lies too gross for. toleration."
Letters, interviews -^and resolutions
by church and lay bodies, denouncing
Canon Henson. followed the' on
slaught. Sir Oliver Lodge, the dis
tinguished scientist,/ added fuelto the
fire^by an' article entitled "Suggestions
Toward the" Ileinterpretation of the
Christian Doctrine." This -agitation
for revised. Christianity, led by such:
well-known men, -whose religious prin
ciples even their critics do not dispute,
threatens -to stir the/cljurch .to an uri- |
precedented degree^-.'. / -' ... . \ ./
ASKS! -FOll ; SUBSTA^IATfOX. o
* •-. Canon,.; Henson' % decl^ce%jUhai^-^-.
sj>i*'^6h^U^aow;ai6^^Ud'w^djgo^e^;'
"tifjt/ttu the ; trutH\of . an^5t&£ement*fjh;
trie,/ Bibie^'wnl^h^canj^r. be" substan
tiated/ at : the ' bar of^reason ;an'&
dence."-:' '; ' ; :i r /;; v (' ; '*•'. •?'¦ ¦•'¦-'': r ..i."
Storm of Protest - Rages , Around a
High Dignitary of West
minster Abbey..
Legislation Will Be Hurried Through
Present Congress if Such Course
Is Deemed Necessary. •
BY OSCAR KING DAVIS,
War Correspondent of The CalL
CVj vrlshted. 15»O4. by the New York Herald
Publlshinr Company.
TOKIO. Japan, March 20.— If you
really care to understand the character
of the Japanese people, to know some
thing about their main springs of ac
tion, you must possess an Infinite
patience and a very zealous per
sistence- They are far from being an
open bock. It is not merely that they
hide themselves behind the well-known
mask of Orientalism which Occidentals
rarely penetrate. It is something
more. The mask they wear is meant
to defend them against the prying
curiosity of their own people as. well
us against foreigners. Not even to
friends may they freely reveal thero>
selves.
It is only when the wells of the spirit
are sounded and the deepest waters
are troubled that emotion finds relief
in", outward show — that is, emotion
whose manifestation might affect oth
ers unpleasantly — sadness, trouble or
deep gTicf. Bushido would have re
pressed it even under the most trying
circumstances, but not even Bushido
can wholly turn a warm hearted hu
man being into a stone, and after all
the Japanese are human, with blood
that is red and hearts that leap just
the same as some rural demonstrative
peoples we know. It "would not be
strange if the average man who had
observed them here in Tokio during the
last two months should begin to doubt
that.
IJUSIIIDO'S GRIP.
There has been so much repression
of the^natural feelings, such a shutting
down wf the safety valves of joy and
sorrow, as at times to have been un
canny. One mutt have shadowed
Bushido well to grasp the full signifi
cance of these last few weeks. Bush
ido—it means literally military knight
ways — was the teaching of the Samurai
— the precepts of the chivalry that lost
its commanding grip on Jap^a-n hardly
a generation ago. Bushido was the
incarnation of loyalty and the' soul of
honor. The ten million Samurai, who
followed its instruction, impressed their
ways upon the whole people. It was a
force that continued after the institu
tion it ruled was dead. Bushido to-day
is a vital factor in Japanese life, and
although its once mastering influence
may have begun to. wane it is still suf
ficient explanation of the astonishing
emotional repressions of the last two
months. For politeness was and is a
Fine qua non of gentleness, and to show
grief, or pain, or any unpleasant emo
tion, might awaken similar unhappy
feeling's in the breast of the observer,
and that would be not only unfortun
ate but most impolite. It was that
conception of politeness which made a
man announce the death of his dearest
relation or friend with bright eyes and
a smile on his face.
"It. Ss that power and habit of con
cealing the real feelings," said a Jap
anese to me yesterday,' "which has
made. other people fail to understand
us. Even their diplomatists have fail
ed to understand us. I think if it had
not been so we should* not now be at
war with Russia."
PATRIOTIC I DRAMA. .
• My friend had taken me to a theater
to see the new war play, and it was
a remark of mine about the acting
which provoked his comment. The
play itself was a curious hodge-podge,
without plot, all beginning and appar
ently no end. It may be going yet.. for
all I know. I sat through five hours
of It and there was not even the be
ginning of development of a p'ot and
no sign of approaching termination.
But there were some things of extra
ordinary interest ¦ about it and many
worth peeing.
It was the frank revelation of human
emotion on the part of the actors
in their portrayal of character chosen
from the common walks of life that
struck me most forcibly. There were
open and unreserved tears, and much
lamentation because sons, husbands,
fathers wore " called V* the colors and
going away to war. Even men sobbed.
My friend sat with body bent forward
and head bowed in his hands, watch
ing intently, as I supposed, the strik
ing display of feeling. It annoyed me.
I was inclined to think it a grotesque
parody. It was not Bushido at all.
"I don't believe it at all!" I said to
him. "Is It true, all that weeping?"
He did not reply, and 1 looked down
and saw the big tears falling unchecked
from his eyes. It was true, then, after
all. The actors were faithfully pre
senting to the public a phase of Jap
anese life that the persons they repre
sented would never have revealed.
PLOT OP THE VIjAY.
It was a simple scene. The stage
setting represented a room In the home
of a Jinrikisba man. He was a reserv
ist soldier, a^M the mobilization order
had come directing him to go to the
barracks at 8 o'clock that evening. His
little son was playing In the yard, wav
ing a flag and shouting "Bonzai." As
the soldier brushed up his uniform
and preparted to put it on he talked
Administration Is Resolved:
to Keep America Closed
to Coolies.
Canon Hen son's Onslaught
Stira Up Controversy
in England.
New Light Upon
the Nipponese
Traits.
China's Denunciation
oi Treaty Has
No Effect
Impugns Inspiration
; oittie&Ter
lament.-
Tokio's Populace
Weeps in a
Theater.
CHUCHMAN
CRITICIZES
THE BIBLE
EXCLUSION
ACT STILL
IN FORCE
STAGE PORTRAYAL OF WAR
SCENES TEARS CALM MASK
OF BUSHIDO FROM JAPANESE
ANGLO -FRENCH PACT
WEStOkES PRESTIGE
OF LORD LANDSDOWNE
'"'• TEE WEATKEB.
rorecast made' at San Tran
dLseo lor tbirty noxirs enftlnff
.jaidni^at, April 10:
San Prancisco and vicinity—
rair Sunday; not bo warm; Ugnt
nortn 'winds, chanting to weit-,
rrly. A. O. McADIE,
District forecaster.
TEE Ttrp*iyy.mf
Alcazar— "On tie Qnlet.^ Mati
nee To-Day.
California — "McFadden'a Plata."
Central — "Around the World In
Eisrhty Days." Matinee To-Day.
¦Chutes — Vaudeville. .*- n Jjaimjjjji
Columbia — "Mam'selle JTapo
¦ leon." .
Fischer's — "Xismet." Matinee
To-Day. •
Mechanics' Pavilion — Circus.
OrDhenra — Vaudeville. ¦ Matinee
To-Day.
Tirol! — "Mr. Pickwick."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XCV— NO. 132.
The San Francisco CallFormer Resident of San Bernardino
Dies After Injury by Pet
Feline, j
TACOMA, Wash., April 9. — William
A.. Johnson died to-day as the result
of a scratch of a pet cat Johnson
came to Tacoma a few years ag/from
San Bernardino, Cal. He was well
known in the wholesale grocery trade
on the coast.
SCRATCH OF A CAT
COSTS MAN HIS LIFE
CHICAGO. April ft. — Commemoration ex
<Tcl«es throughout the country. In honor nf
Alexander Hamilton were proposed to-night
by Preelrtetit Sheridan of the Hamilton Club
of this city at the annual Appomattcx day
bami'jet ot the club.
+ __ u
In order to prevent demonstrations
on the removal of crucilixes. etc., from
the Palace of Justice and other tri
bunals in Paris the work is being done
behind closed doors.
PARIS. April 9. — Premier Combes*
order to remove crucifixes and other
religious emblems from the court
houses is causing agitation in Paris
and throughout the provinces. At
Havre the workmen declined to take
down sacred images and at Lyons the
refusal of workmen to do the same
thing compelled the authorities to
have to resort to the Bureau of Archi
tecture. .
Workmen at Havre and at Lyons Re
fuse to Remove Sacred Images
From the Courthouses.
COMBES' LATEST ORDER
. IS AGITATING FRANCE
The town to-night is patrolled by a
large force of military and a detach
ment of artillery with machine guns
has been summoned. Business is at
a standstill.
AMIENS. France. April 9. — Two
thousand strikers to-day attacked a
force of infantry sent to guard a fac
tory here. Cavalry reinforcements ar
rived and charged £he mob. using
their sabers upon those who refused
to disperse. Many of the rioters were
fatally wounded and a number of sol
diers were seriously injured by stones
thrown by the mob.
moned to Hold Amiens Strikers
In Check.
Artillery With Machine Guns Is Sum-
CAVALRY WITH DRAWN
SABERS ATTACK MOB
WASHINGTON. April 9.— The S*nat* Com
nilttre on Public Land* ha« agreed to post
pone until tbe next session ' of Congress tho
bill to transfer control of the forest -re
serves from the Interior Departme.nt to tbo
forertry division of the • Agricultural Depart
nient.
MANILA. April 9.— Major General
Wood, with 1500 men. is about to be
gin a campaign to compel the allegi
ance of the Sultan of Taraca and to
force him to turn over to the Ameri
can authorities the persons of twenty
murderers and a number of stolen
rifles. Taraca is on the shore of Lake
Lanao. Island of Mindanao.
The Civil Commission will remove its
offices to Baguic, the summer capital
in the province of Benguet. Northern
Luzon, during the coming week.
The drafting of the proposed meas
ures to secure internal revenue has
been completed and public discussion
of the matter has begun. The meas
ures are opposed weakly by the dis
tilling and tobacco growing interests
In the islands.
Will Compel the Allegiance of the
.sultan and Force Him to Sur
render Twenty Murderers.
GENERAL WOOD TO BEGIN
A CAMPAIGN IN TARACA
LONDON. April 9.— The Board of
Trade returns for the month of March
show an increase In the Imports ,of
$8,879,000 and a decrease in the ex
ports of $1,840,500.
"Disappointing" is the term applied
to the returns. While the imports
were the highest on record for March,
the exports of British goods declined
$4,280,000. or allowing for the In
crease of re-exports, the total of the
exports was $1,840,600 below that of
March. 1903.
The Imports show a great increase
in food, drink and tobacco, totaling
$9.711.SS5. of which $4,385,770 was
for sxain and flour.
In the exports, which all regarded
as the most serious feature, there was
a decline of $6,155,700 In manufactur
ed goods, iron' and steel alone ac
counting for $2,430,140 of this total.
Exports of Rritfeli Goods Declined
More Than Four Million Dollars '
During Month of March.
LONDON" REPORTS SHOW
INCREASE IN IMPORTS
Early in the morning the Hereros
attempted to surround and cut off the
rear guard of Major von Glasenapp's
force, consisting of Fisher's company,
which was well armed and partly
mounted. The enemy opened a vigor
ous fire, but was repulsed after a
fight lasting three and a half hours,
the rear guard having been reinforced
by Count Brockdorff's company and
First Lieutenant Manshor's artillery.
The enemy were pursued for an hour
but escaped, leaving fifty-two of their
number dead. •
In the meantime the head of the col
umn, under Liber, had a sharp fight
lasting an hour. The German losses
were: Lieutenant Noerr, four non-com
missioned officers and twenty-eight pri
vates killed, and Lieutenant Hilde
brand. four non-commissioned officers
and eleven men wounded.
The artillery action was brilliant. The
Germans suffered from want of ser
viceable horses, having only twenty
one animals capable of scouting. The
enemy withdrew in a northeasterly di
rection. Major von Glasenapp marched
on April 2 on Otikurara, intending to
make an attack. •>?*':
BERLIN, April 10.— Special , dis
patches to the Lokal Anzeiger from a
correspondent in German Southwest
Africa describe the encounter of Major
von Glasenapp's column and a' force of
Hereros at Oksharui on April 2, while
the German column was on the way to
Oniatu. The road traverses thorn
thickets.
Attacking Natives in South
Africa Leave Fifty-Two
Dead on Field of Battle
GERMANS ROUT
HERERO FORCE
HIGHER WAGES
ARE IN DEMAND
3Ien on the California and
Union Street Lines Are
Anxious, for an Advance
• Following closely, on the disturbed re
lations between the United Railroads
and Carmen's -Unlon,^ there has
been circulated a srbry to the effect
that the employes of 'the Union-street
Cable Company' and the California
street Cable Company are' preparing to
submit to their respective employers a
demand for an increase of salary in
keeping with ,that asked for by the
union men on the lines of the United
Railroads.
It was stated yesterday that the de
mands would *be placed before the di
rectors of the Union and California
street companies early during the com
ing, week and that in all probability the
men would join with the carmen of the
United Railroads in their effort to ob
tain an advance In wages, and in the
event of a strike on the latter roads
they would go. out with their fellow
workers in the other company.
Carmen on both the 'California and
the Union street lines freely discussed
their proposed demands for an increase
yesterday, and it was stated by sev
eral employes of the former line that
the demands would be presented to the
companies in a few days. When Presi
dent Newhall of the Union-street line
was asked about the report he admit
ted he was advised Friday afternoon
of the purposed demand.
"I was told by one of the operating
officials of the road," said he, "that. the
employes were preparing to make a de
mand for an increased wage schedule,
but as yet we have* heard nothing di
rect from the executive members of the
union. Personally I have made no ef
fort to inquire into the matter."
j Asked what the company would do
in case of a demand being made, Mr.
Newhall replied that he had a decided
opinion In the matter, but was not In
clined to express.it at this particular
time. . .
At the offices of General Manager
Chapman of the I ..United Railroads It
was stated yesterday that no new de
velopments had arisen out of the com
pany's troubles with the union, and
that probably none would arise until
after the conference to-morrow between
Mr. Chapman and President Cornelius
of the union. ¦ • : .
TURCO-BULGARIAN PACT
GRANTS REBELS AMNESTY
Only Those Involved In Dynamite
Outrages in the Balkans Are
Excepted. •
•SOFIA, Bulgaria, April 9.— The
Turko-Bulgarlan convention signed at
Constantinople yesterday- provides for
amnesty to all Bulgarians compro
mised in the Macedonian rising ;," of
1903, excepting persons guilty of us
ing dynamite; the repatriation of ref
ugees; the removal A of frontier re
strictions on Bulgarian trade .and
•travel, and the application of the Aus
tro-Russian reform scheme to Mace
donia. ; v
Bulgaria undertakes, ;to suppress
revolutionary movements in her terri
tory and to prevent • the • smuggling of
arms and explosives across the f tron
tier...^-;''- . •;¦¦-*:•: ".:¦:., '¦-¦:-¦-:= ;¦/-¦ " :
Tra in Severs a Child's Legs.
. SACRAMENTO, April ,9.--Emmett
Phillips Jr., the 11-year-old son v of
Emmett Phillips,' one of the publishers
of the Sunday News, had both legs cut
off [ below 1 the' knee • this 'afternoon in
the railroad yards 1 while" trying to
Jump from a moving train. It is be
lieved the boy. will- recover. - - •
tears again. A bugle 'sounded and the
soldier leaped to his feet to respond.
There was scarcely time to embrace
his wife and he -was dashing away,
cheered on by his friends, when the
boy ran to him and clasping his legs,
besought him not to go. The mother
was too overcome to speak, and the
friends, trying to cheer, were furtively
weeping again. The soldier thrust the
boy away and ran off as the curtain
fell. I looked at my friend % and he
was again weeping.
That was the private ' soldier. The
next scene showed a room in the house
of a young lieutenant, who had already
gone away. The wife 1 and her maid
were talking. The maid, ; tearful and
unhappy, was expressing her surprise
that her mistress had shed not a; tear,
had exhibited no sign of unhappiness
or of anxiety for the young officer to
whom she had. been married so . short
a time. .She had not even gone to the
station to say good-by, but Instead had
sent her old servant. The mistress
simply fenced with the maid and made
indirect response. While they; were
talking the, old servant returned from
the station. Both women questioned
him as to his parting with his master.
"Did he weep?" asked the maid.
"Was he well?" asked ttie wife.
As the old man described the scenes
about the station his emotion became
stronger and stronger. At last he
bowed his head and sobbed aloud. Still
the young wife showed no sign of grief.
Surprised at this, the old man lifted
his head and asked her why.
"It is not the way of the service,"
she replied. "We have been very
happy here and I would rather think
of him as still 'sitting by my side."
The old man resumed his description
of the scenes at the station and told
how an old. general who had been
crippled in the war with China and
could not perform active service had
cheered on the young master, and bid
den him have no care but for his coun
try and his honor. His mistress inter
rupted and asked if the master had
any message. Yes, he had. It was
addressed to him and was only an in
junction to look well after his mistress.
Again his emotion overcame him and
he gave .way to a renewed outburst of
weeping. In which the maid Joined.
Both servants wept bitterly, but the
mistress turned her back on them and
maintained her proud self-control. *
THE COMEDY ELEMENT.
Then to relieve the strained feelings
of the audience some comedy was in
troduced. The villain appeared in the
shape of the father of the girl whom
the lieutenant ¦ had Jilted when he
married. the heroic young woman who
refused to weep. The father had sworn
to revenge his daughter's" wounded
pride. He had bought a note which' the
young" lieutenant had signed as guar
antor for a friend.' The friend had been
called to the colors also, and being
unable to pay, the holder of the note
had ; come to demand his money from
the lieutenant's wife.
It was a very unpopular proceeding.
The audience \ demanded vigorously
that he be thrown out, or killed. Some
wanted his head cut off. Others \ de
sired to have him strangled. Some
asked to have his neck broken. But
unmindful of Jeers . and taunts he
steadily demanded his money. Finally
the old servant, whose tears had been
dried, fell on him and smote him, hip
and thigh, finally chucking him out of
the house bodily. There was a first
rate fight, in the Japanese open handed
style, and the old servant was getting
the better of it, amid the vociferous
plaudits of the audience, when the vil
lain's daughter appeared and ran in to
help her father.
Thereupon the maid came out with
a bowl of salt and began to throw it
in liberal quantities on, the Jilted girl.
Four or five soldiers came along the
street just then and separated the
combatants. The villain promptly be
gan to declaim to the officer who was
In command of the men and to demand
his money. He had not gone far when
the old servant, who was panting with
rage, and exertion, and eager to%et at
his man again, interrupted and. ex
plained the true state of affairs. The
result was a renewal of the scuffle, in
which all the soldiers joined in pound
ing the villain with the unqualified and
vigorous approval of the audience. But
another officer appeared . who put a
stop to the row, and the scene ended
by his paying his brother officer's debt,
to the great disgust of the old servant*
and "of-. the audience.
I3IPORTANCE OF THE LANDLORD.
The next scene was a variation of
the same old theme. This time the sol
dier was a. sergeant, the only support
of his mother, who was very ill, and his
sister. Again the landlord appeared —
he seems to play a very important part
in the lives of the poorer class of
Japanese. His son was madly in love
with the sergeant's sister, so madly
that when she refuseM to marry him he
crossing these tall bamboo poles sup
port lines from which scores of small
flags are suspended, many American
and English flags mixed with the Rising
Sun emblem of Japan.
At every station there is always a
crowd waiting which wildly cheers
every train, whether it carries troops
or not. I have seen a solitary man
plodding along a country road drop his
burden and fling up his arms, splitting
his throat with "Bonzai" as a train
rumbled past.
Night before last the men of the first
division were entrained for the front
at the Shimbashi station, the main
station of Tokio. It took nearly all
night to get them away. The first reg
iment marched under my window about
midnight. A cheering mob flocked along
the street with and after them. Lan
terns waved and bobbed about, swing
ing from long bamboo poles, like a wild
column of gigantic fireflies. At 2 o'clock
another regiment passed, and again
there was a cheering mob of patriots in
attendance. A third regiment passed
two hours later, and the number of
those out to see them off was increased
rather than diminished. I wonder If
the demonstrative people at home
would stay up all night to march to
the station with outgoing troops?
Rather. I think, there would be a howl
in the npwspapers to have the men de
part in the daytime. » But that would
not be Bushido.
furnished the comedy that enlivened
the scene by repeatedly threatening to
batter his brains out on the pump. The
sergeant came to say good-by to his
sister and was going to leave without
seeing his mother, fearing that the
parting would make her worse. But
she heard him and called him back.
She Was of the old Samurai stock and
war had been the lot of her family for
many generations. .
" "I belong to a house that has been
fed by the spear," she said. It was
her pride, not grief, that her son
should be a soldier. Grief could come
only through disgrace to his honor, and
she bade him go and fight bravely for
his country.
Promptly upon his going came the
landlord, endeavoring to force the girl
to marry his son through the old
means so well known to stage villains
all over the world, of demanding the
money that was due. But the lovesick
son would not submit to the employ
ment of such distressful means, and
again threatened to " destroy himself.
The savior of the girl appeared in the
shape of an officer of the Soldiers' Re
lief Association, who made the land
lord agree to cut the rent in two, and
promised to see that the reduced sum
was paid regularly. What became of
the lovesick son did not appear, for the
revolving stage swung around and
there appeared, a scene representing
the landing of the Japanese troops —
ten of them and six officers, all seasick
—at Chemulpo.
BATTLE SCENES.
After that there were battle scenes
of most extraordinary character for a
long time, and when we finally came
away, an amazing Russian, ambushed
behind huge red whiskers, who had
been taken prisoner at Pingyang, was
about to undergo trial for his life.
So without plot, and with much repe
tition of incident, the play ran on. ¦ But
the thing about it all that was of strik
ing interest was that the audience en-
Joyed and applauded and shared in a
revelation of intimately personal emo
tions on the stage such as not one of
thjm would have permitted himself to
make save in the privacy of his own
home and before his own people. It
was a phase of Japanese life which
can be seen only in the theater, and yet
it was true. Its effect upon the patri
otic people . in the audience was very
marked. When in one of the battle
scenes the Emperor's proclamation de
claring war was read it was heard in
breathless silence and cheered to the
echo. ,
The people all over the country have
waked up at last from the trance-like
repression of the first few days after
the war begap. Now down through the
country traversed by the railroads flags
flutter constantly from every, house,
and strings of streamers Haunt from
many poles. At nearly every road
In an instant all this laughter and
high spirits was changed, even to
FROM LAUGHTER TO TEARS.
"It Is quite true," he said. "The old
custom does not permit one to betray
his emotion In the presence of strang
ers, or even of his friends, but in the
home it Is different. There one may
be natural without being Impolite."
Then came in three friends of the
soldier, full of excitement at his going,
congratulating him on the opportunity
to fight for his country and the Em
peror, and all protesting their own de
sire to go. They brought a supper and
soon had it spread out. Their en
thusiasm was so infectious that no
trace of sadness could linger in the
room. The supper was very appro
priate. First there was raw fish, the
fish called katsuo, which is the word
that means victory. Then there was
buckwheat, seiro, which the audience
promptly Interpreted, sel being to fight
with and ro the first part of the Jap
anese name for the Russians. This
was eaten with chopsticks — nihon
nohashi — and Ninon is the name of
Japan.
Japan, therefore, was swallowing up
the Russians in victory, and the pala
table meal was washed own by the
wine called Masanume. Masanume
was the most . famous swordsmith of
Japan's feudal days — so famous that he
gave his name to the weapon he made,
and now Masanume means sword
throughout Japan. I
Presently came the landlord, who had
heard the news. This was a good land
lord, actuated by a genuine patriotism
that made him Immensely popular with
the audience. He assured the sad
hearted wife that she need not worry.
While the soldier was away there
should be no rent demanded for the
house. The soldier and his wife strove
to conceal their feelings from the land
lord, and the scene became quite cheer
ful again. This was Bushido. My
friend sat up and replied to the long
unanswered question.
witlvjiis wife, and they grave way free
ly to their emotion.
Continued From Page 21, Column I.
In Their Homes and in the Playhouses the Brown People Give
Way to Pent- Up Feeling of Patriotism and Grief.
JAPANESE IMPERTURBABMTY IS A DISGUISE
TO HIDE HUMAN EMOTIONS FROM ALIENS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1904/
22
DRILLING AX ARMY.
Ky Jerome K. Jerome.
With photographs of the
"Mark Twain of England'* at
homo.
This Is the first of a witty,
clever, tfincly series.
XEXT SUXDAY'S CALL.
AI) VEBTISEMENTa.
Get the *
Spring Habit.
Of all the good habits which
people follow, no other is sup-
ported by the same amount of
sound common sense, or .'pro-
duces such beneficent results, as
the Spring Medicine Habit, for,
after, all, good health is the great-
est earthly blessing.
'Of the medicines used for the
Spring Medicine Habit Hood's
Sarsaparilla is by far the best. It
exceeds all others in general use,
as it does in general excellence
and medicinal merit.
Hood's Sarsaparilla purifies the
blood, clears up the " complexion, ' re-
moves the cause of pimples, boils and
other eruptions,: creates a good appe-
tite, gives strength and tone to the
whole system. Cures, positively cures,
Scrofula, Salt Rheum, Dyspepsia, Ca-
tarrh, Rheumatism; Blood Poisoning,
etc. -^
After the cold winter r. hot sum-
mer is predicted. Prepare for it
by building up your system, now.
Get Hood's to-day.
DB. KIXiffEB'S SWAMP-ROOT..
iMosniriiir^"
TWLEMIIT»IT
iHTSS IK \mm i.'ri^K
To Prove what Swamp-Root, the Great Kidney Remedy,
will do for YOU, Every Reader of "The Call" May
Have a Sample Bottle Sent Free by Mail.
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are responsible for more sickness
and suffering than any other disease— therefore, when, through
neglect or other causes, kidney trouble is permitted to continue,
fatal results are sure to follow.
Your other organs may need attention — but your kidneys most,
because they do most and need attention first.
If you arc sick or "feel badly," begin taking Dr. Kilmer's
Swamp-Root* the great kidney, liver and bladder remedy, because
as soon as your kidneys begin to get better* they will help all the
other organs to health. A trial will convince anyone.
The mild and immediate effect of brickdust or sediment in the urine.
Swamp-Root, tbe great kidney and headache, backache, lame back, dizzi-
bladder remedy, is soon realized. It ness, sleeplessness, nervousness, heart
stands the highest for its wonderful disturbance due to bad kidnev trouble,
cures of the most distressing cases, skin eruptions from bad blood. neural-
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys- gia, rheumatism, diabetes, bloatine. ir-
tem ricbt. and the best proof of this ritability, worn-out feeling, lack of am-
is aerial. • bition, loss of flesh, sallow complexion.
53 cottage ST.. melrose. mass, or Bright's disease.
r ** r 6tr: Jan - llth « 1904 - If vour water when allowed to re-
•Ever since I ira. In the army I bad more »• vou .\ w>a t c '« J*ncn auowca 10 re
or k** kidney trouble, end within tbe paet main undisturbed in a class or bottle tor
r££X?Z^£ttr& € SEg?$££E twenty-four hours forms a sediment or
my «trencth and power wa« ta.fi leaving me. settling or has a cloudy appearance. 11
i uw an a<jv«>rtin?ment of swamp-Root and j s evidence that your kidneys and
wrote asking for advice. I bepan the use of .. .. „ _^_ - « :^_«j:-»_ .f». M f: nn
the mt<Melne and noted a decided improvement olaaaer need immeaiate attention,
•fter taking Swamp-Root only a ehort time. Swamp-Root is the great discovery of
,hitTim li S!tf 1 "iy U^."d d .'Sr *\™rin t0 or£ y r Dr. Kilmer, the eminent .kidney and
to be very ¦» about this. I had a doctor ex- bladder specialist. Hospitals USe it
amine «ome of mv water to-d«y. and be pro- ,..:*u u , nn Vt. r {,.| £,„•/•»«:« ; n Kntli cliVht
nouncd H all rijrht and In splendid condition Wltn WOndcrtUl SUCCCSS in DOtn Sllffnt
1 knew that your Swamp-Root is purely veg- and severe cases. Doctors recommend
o™ b £ T&n^rTtJFg^nS&fXSSZ {t tO lhC lf. P ati i ntS 3nd " Se U in th ? if
ery and recommend !ne swamn-iioot to ail »uf- own families, because they recognize
ferera. I am." very truly v°«ra. j n Swamp- Root the greatest and most
t c. ni^HARusox. $ucccs£fu r remedy.
Vou rmy have a sample bottle of this Swamp-Root is pleasant to take and
famous kidney remedy. Swamp-Root, is for sale at drug stores the world
sent free by mail, post-paid, by which over in bottles of two sizes and two
you may test its virtues for such dis- prices— fifty cents and one dollar. Re-
orders as kidney, bladder and uric acid member the name, Swamp-Root. Dr.
diseases, poor digestion, being obliged Kilmer's Swamp-Root, and the ad-
to pass your water frequently nijrht and dress Binghamton. N. Y., on every
day, smarting or irritation in oassine. bottle.
f EDITORIAL NOTE.— So successful is Swamp-Root in promptly
curing even the most distressing cases of kidnev. liver or bladder trou-
bles, that to prove its wonderful merits you may have a sample bottle
and a book of valuable information, both sent absolutely free by mail. The
book contains many of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial let-
ters received from men and women cured. The value and success of
Swamp-Root is so well known that o*.: readers are advised to send for a
sample bottle. In sendine vour address to Dr. Kilmer & Co.. Bingham-
ton, N. Y., be sure to sav vou read this generous offer in the San Fran-
cisco Sunday Call. The proprietor of this paper guarantees the genuineness
of this offer.
DB. SHOOP'S SZMEDIES.
If You Have These Symptoms
Send For My Book.
tl >oi «ani to feel bfttet.
If »«o *int more Mrermh •
If you Uck ambition. \
" ftJ ou c » n '\ <*? Ihinir* like you jw4 H>.
f Ryou Uck eci\ftJeno» in vourtelf. '
Uyout nerve— ynurioo»«re— is lejvmc voi».
¦II you lack »im vujor. vitality .1 *
II iom(tWmruealin( *way »o* conjtitution. «r.n
to me lor the book you need "
The book tells ol my discovery T>l!s how after
thirty years I found the- cause oi these svmpUims, and
many others. ri»en above [
The hpok tells hov. by scientific etpenxept I trace;!
out the causes trut brine on chronic dineasev- It tell*
ho» I perfected my prescription— Dr Shoop's Restora*
tire
I lound invariably thai «tiere trxrr was a veakneu,
the in«ide ner>es were weak* Where there was a lack
ol vitality that the »ltal «er»e» lacked powei Whert
weak organs were lound. I always found weak nerves.
Not the nerves commonly thought of, but the vital or-
Cans' nerve*, the inside — the invisible nerves.
This was a revelation Then my real success btxan. -
Then I combined incredHenta that would strengthen,
that wotrid viuliie these nerves - That prescription I
called a restorative. It is known tlie work) over now a*
Dr Snoop's K«storative Alter that I did not fail to
cure one case tn each hundred In (he extremely diffi-
cult cases my tailurers for five years were one in each
forty treaied 1 found cancer incurable Cancer U
for surgery, not medicine % ' ¦
Then how to get this prescription to sick on«» every-
whore was my thought I must announce U-to the
public press But. JtougHi 1, will they realize the
truth of my discovery— the real power of Dr. Snoop'*
Restorative? i Then a way came to me— like »¦ rnrpira-
»i<JJj "I will offer it to the. sic* on trial. Then the?
will know I jun sincere." y
I wrote • reliable draff Ut in each city and vtliafft is
America They arreedto co-operate with me
Now hjr *ny sick one
Dr. Shoop's Restorative
Can be taken on trial. Fot a hill month I wilUeiyo*
use it entirely at my risk
Send no money Just write me for the book voa
need. When 1 send it 1 will tell you of a diuggUt near.
by who will permit the month's trial. Use theMestora-
live » month Then decide II you say to the druxttst
"It did not help me." that will relieve you of any <x.
pense whatever. He will bill the cost tome
This is my way of clearing your mind of all doubts at.
to what Dr. Shoop'a Restorative can do. No matter
how prejudiced, you cannot dispute this absolute secar> >
ity 1 offer. You cannot resist an offer like this ii you •
are at all sick. ' i
If you have a weakness, write me. If 70a can't d»
thirigs'like you used to do them, tell me a tout It
W rite in confidence Asa physician I will tell you.
a way to help. Get my bonk nm — to-day. . .
Simply ,tate which g* \ £ *£%*&
book you want and Book 3 on the Kidney*,
address Dr. Snoop. £<» k * tor Women,
box 5630. Racine. *°&> le l fOr Mea
Wis. Book 6 on Rheumatism.
Mild cases, not chronic, are often cured with
one or two bottles. At drusslsts''.
v * ADVERTISEMENTS. :___:'.
"Z'-joujml \ i '-wwr.-s I i tea 1 _____
_f^_v V ' 'f^*'° # ¦¦} m _F"4 ?
y^ir New spring Sack Suit
Which we show above is a model of good taste and refinement.
> NoUce those qualities that give it distinction.
The athletic effect of the 'broad, full shoulders; the elongated
lapels; the; smooth expanse and shapeliness of the front.
In fancy Cheviots, Worsteds, Homespuns, and solid blues and
blacks in a variety of weaves.
I ¦ ' I if* % C? _L ' ft* *% P*
D (T\ __r\ £_ r^ d (T\ c
¦ mA Kvll^ Ofvvi^*The. performance on the canvas drew
the attention and^interest of every one
of- the -400' patients gathered in the
entertainment hall. The seemingly
realistic manner _ in which \ figures ap
peared and disappeared within the rim
of light opened a new channel for their
thoughts and led them ' away : from * the
particular; hallucination ™ or. delusion
which affected their minds.
Excitable i patients . seemed ' to • be
quieted and calmed r . by : the " pictures.
Those suffering from y. chronic; nielan^
cholia appeared- to be- stimulated' and
aroused ; from > their constant , brooding
over imaginary, wrongs , and showed ;an
unusual ¦ interest : In ,what 'was ; going on.-
As a result of the ekperimentja'mov-,
ing: picture machine ; will '•b~e"purchased
CHICAGO, April 9.— Moving pictures
as an aid to the cure of Insane patients
have been tried for the first time at
the' Dunning Asylum. Dr.-V. H. Pod
stata, superintendent, declared after
the test" that the effect produced '. was
beneficial. ¦-.¦'.'-.
Superintendent of an Illinois Asylum
Declares That" Tests Made There
¦Have -Proved Bcnelicial.
MOVING PICTUiiES AID
IX, CURE OF INSANITY
Troops Said to Be in Manchuria.
NEWCHWANG; Manchuria, April
7, via Chefu, April'9. — General Kuro
patkin's visit to Newchwang has in
spired boundless confidence. The
commander in chief ordered 10,000 re
serves to reinforce this position, in
view of the expected Japanese at'tack,
while ; an additional force, of 15,000
men i3 ready to concentrate upon this
place at short notice if necessary. It
is estimated now that there are 400,
000 Russian troops in Manchuria.
. General Wogack has taken^over: the
command at Newch"wang from Gen
eral Kondratsitch. The preparations
for the defense of the town are com
plete. . : ¦•'¦¦
Four 'Hundred Thousand Russian
KUKOPATKIN'S GREAT ARMY.
SAX JOSE. April 0.— Contractor George
W. Elder, who built the inter-urban road to
Saratoga and Los Gatos. will, begin Monday
the construction of the spur of one . mil*
from Saratoga to Congress Springs.
PARIS, April 9. — Private letters re
ceived here from St. Petersburg set
forth the difficulties Embassador Mc-
Cormick is encountering, owing main
ly to the ' animosities growing out of
the attitude of the British press
toward Russia. As a means of
counteracting the anti-American sen
timent, the Embassador is pursuing
a course similar to that of Embassador
Porter during the French antagonism
at the time of the Spanish-American
War. General Porter's effort over
came much of the bitterness of
the Parisian pres3 and public and Mc-
Cormick is adopting similar • tactful
measures to restore the friendly feel
ing which existed until recently.
Bitterness Toward -America.
Embnssador Trying. to Lessen Russian
McCORMICK'S DELICATE TASK.
"Named for Circuit Judge of Hawaii.
WASHINGTON, April 9.— The Presi
dent to-day sent to the Senate the
nomination of A. N. Kepoikai, to be
Judge of the Circuit Court of the Sec
ond Circuit of the Territory of Hawaii.
for the asylum and entertainments will
be. given once or twice each week for
the benefit of all patients who are not
so violent as to need constant restraint.
Within the church the solemn service
was proceeding in the.presence of only
the officiating. clergy and, Court Chap-
Iain Yangsheff. Behind ; thej ikonastas
' which concealed ; the | holy sepiilcher
from all eyes, the .mystery : took place.
Then the court chaplain,' in gorgeous
vestments; approached the golden
gates, the doors flew open and the
winding* sheet was lifted. The tomb
v \vas empty. . .
.Turning as Christ's disciples , did,
the clergy, with the- banners of the
church aloft, passed to thedoor, seek
ing the. vanished Savior. As they
reached^ the entrance the .Emperor's
Arabs -threw wide the portals, reveal-
Ing the imperial procession. Simulta
neously the imperial choir, of men. and
boys, which. Is unequaled even by the
Sistlne choir of 'Rome, began to 'chant
softly; ' ~
Slowly and majestically the proces
sion* moved into the 'chapel, the clergy
retreating 'to the ; high altar as ¦ it ad
vanced.' The members of pie imperial
family walked arm .in "arm in the'or
der of their 'rank, .Which disregarded
the ties of ;• matrimony! the ' Emperor's
sisters, for. Instance, being far ahead of
their husbands. : ¦
. At (the ' head . of J the ', apse, before * the
splendid- -altar formed! of "malachite,
lapis lazuli andjaspar, Inlaid with gold
and 'jewels, - the • Imperial • procession
halted, and Court Chaplain ., Yangsheff
in resonant "tones announced "in .the old
Slavic 1 , tongue "of . the\ Russian church,
"Christ is risen.',' \ - ' ¦/¦_
."Christ is ':. ti sen indeed," ' replied - the
Emperor 'in l echo.'
'As! these {words 'were pronounced the
The rank and beauty of the empire
were assembled. The gorgeous blaze
of multi-colored uniforms, the pictur
esque national dresses of the court la
dies and the glitter of stars and dec
orations made a brilliant picture. In
the celebrated marble concert hall,
which was flooded with light from in
numerable electric lamps, were gath
ered the\ maids of honor of the Em
press,, who were required on this oc
casion to wear the Russian costume —
sarafans of brightest-hued velvet, ti
aras ablaze with gems and - courtains
of gold embroidery. Troopers " from
the Chevalier Guard, resplendant in
white tunics and scarlet surcoats,
mounted guards with drawn swords.
At the door of the chapei two gigantic
grenadiers, attired in superb uniforms,
acted as sentinels.
The doors leading to the .imperial
apartments were guarded by the Em
peror's marriejukes and Arab footmen,
their swarthy faces half hidden by
their fantastic, headdress, in keeping
with their oriental garb.
At half past 11 a second gun boomed
from the fortress of St. Peter and St.
Paul. on the 'opposite; side of the Neva.
PROCLAIMS CHRIST RISEN.
the. head of the church as well as the
state, that the real interest centered.
•Although the spectacle there was be
[ yond the reach of the multitude, each
individual felt : a personal
therewith, knowing that the Emperor's
own words, signaled over the city,
would proclaim the gladlidings.
The scene at the palace was one of
stately ' magnificence. The ceremony
was carried out in accordance with the
strictest formality. ,.
choir burst forth into a triumphant
paean. Outside a signal rocket shot
up into the sky and the cannon at the
fortress roared, and with one voice all
the brass bells of the city rang out
in wild peal. - ,
VALETTA. Itfand of Malta. April 9.—
The German Imperial yacht Hohenzollern.
with Emperor William on board, arrived to
day and was met outside and escorted into
the harbor by a flotilla of British torpedo
boat destroyers. The whole British fleet in
these waters fired a salute and dressed ship
In honor.
NAGASAKI, April 9.— M. Hirose.
a brother of Commander Takeo Hi
rose, the naval officer who heroically
lost his life in the engagement at Port
Arthur on March 27. when Vice Ad
miral Togo made his second attempt
to "bottle up" that port, held a re
ception on board the battleship
Yashima at Chemulpo on April 2,
which was attended by the foreign
naval officers then in port.
Hirose said in a speech that the ef
ficiency of the Japanese fleet had not
been diminished as a result of its
operations and that not even a tor
pedo-boat had been lost. In conclusion
the PDeaker referred to the heroic
example set by his brother.
Rout Has Been Lost.
Officer Claims Not Even a Torpedo-
TOGO'S FLEIST IS INTACT.
PARIS, April 9. — A dispatch to the
Temps from St. Petersburg says some
of the enemy's ships appeared before
Port Arthur last night, but retired
when discovered by the electric
searchlights.
The second Japanese army, accord
ing to the St. Petersburg correspond
ent of the Temps, is now landing in
Korea. Extensive army maneuvers
the correspondent adds, are being or
ganized for Finland, where a large
force of reserves is cantoned.
Japanese War>hlps Retire When Their
l*rcsenee Is Discovered.
FLEET SEEN OFF PORT ARTHUR.
A Korean official telegram received
to-day announced that' the Prefect of
Kyongsieng, in the South Tumen dis
trict, who was overawed by the Rus
sians and subsequently arrested by the
Japanese on the supposition that he
was a spy, has been released, owing to
the intervention of M. Hayashi in his
behalf with the Japanese military au
thorities.
SEOUL, Korea, noon, April 9.—Jap
anese Minister Hayashl to-day offlcially
communicated to the Korean Foreign
Offlce the fact of the retirement of the
Russian troops across the Yalu River
and the Japanese occupation of the
frontier, which resulted in an ex
change of mutual congratulations.
Hayashl also requested the Korean
Government to Instruct its Pr-'ects
along the railroad line to facilitate the
engaging of coolies, with the object of
expediting the completion of the Seoul-
Fusan Railroad.
I r rom the Frontier.
Japan Reports Expulsion of Russians
KOREANS TOLD OF VICTORY.
be able to discharge eleven tons of pro
jectiles per minute from their main
batteries.
part of the upper works will be un
protected.
In addition to the two battleships ac
tually ordered, Japan is contemplating
ordering two more vessels of that de
scription to be built here.
Formal orders for two battleships
*vere placed by Japan with Vickers,
Maxim & Armstrong on January 30,
the orders being to expedite their con
struction as speedily as possible. They
are to have a gpeed of 19 knots and will !
LONDON. April 9.— The two new bat
tleships ordered in England by Japan
will be exceedingly powerful, their
length, 445 feet, exceeding that of the
most powerful British battleships by
twenty feet. In order to meet the ca- '
paeity of docking accommodations the j
beam and draught have been fixed at !
78 feet and 26 feet, respectively. Each ;
will have a displacement of 16,400 tons.
Their main batteries, it is said, will
be the most powerful yet devised, con
sisting of four 12-inch, four 10-inch and
five 6-inch guns each. The armored
belt at the water-line will be nine
inches thick, with six-inch armor con- |
tinuine to the level of the decks. A
l;ew feature will be a superstructure
of four-inch armor, insuring that no I
dered by the Mikado.
GREATKST OF BATTLESHIPS.
Two Monster Floating Fortresses Or-
The important fact to-day in the way
of definite news is the report from
Yongampho, by steamer, that the Fifth
and Seventeenth Brigades of the Jap
anese Northwestern army advanced
yesterday from Chongju to the Yalu.
They are said to be in command of
Lieutenant General Baron Oshlma, and
this probably is true, as it is known
that this famous fighter was in Che
mulpo three weeks ago.
ST. PETERSBURG. April 9.— A high
official of the War Offlce to-day said
that persistent rumors had been re
ceived that the Port Arthur squadron
had captured several Japanese trans
ports. The steamships were loaded with
troops and ammunition and were bound
for Chemulpo. • ..- *t\
NEWCHWAXG, April 9. — General
Kuropatkin made a flank movement on
all newspaper correspondents to-day,
who had been picking up stray bits of
misinformation about the Russian
plans to let the enemy land in the
northern end of Llaotung: GulL
Before sunrise this morning two brig
ades of infantry were marching west
from Haicheng, followed by a regi
ment of artillery, and the advance col
umn of these soldiers was passing
south of this city in the afternoon,
bound for the southwest bank of the
Liao River. The soldiers had come
down in the night from Liaoyang, and
to-morrow €000 infantry will follow,
their mission being to cover the gulf
line from the west bank of the Liao
River to the east bank of the Tungsha.
The fact that General Kuropatkin
did not disturb the troops in the Hai
cheng military caxnp. or at Kaiping,
further south, is accepted as proof that
he is holding them intact for any ad
vance by the enemy from the Bay of
Korea or across the Southern Yalu.
Sl>ccial Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1004, by the
New York Herald Publishing Company.
In a few days those of the reserves
called to the colors who are "rusty"
will be placed on board the ships which
are to remain here, while the officers
and men who have seen active serv
ice "will be concentrated on board the
ships which are designed to reinforce
The naval mobllzation was gazetted
to-day. It refers only to officers and
men of the reserve in European Russia
and not to ships. The moblization Is
due to the necessity of providing full
crews for the Black Sea and "Baltic
fleets, which .will eo into commission
at the opening of navigation. It is an
open secret now that several thousand
sailors belonging to these fleets, which*
had been laid up for the winter, were
sent to Vladivostok or Port Arthur to
supply the places of time-expired men,
as well as the places of those who were
wounded or Otherwise incapacitated, j
The men now called out will be used
also to supply an adequate reserve
when the European fleets go into com
mission.
A correspondent with the Russian
outposts, writing from Antung, on the
Yalu River, under date of March 19,
describes the awful state of the road
on the journey from Fengwangcheng
to Antung. The road, he says, is im
passable for vehicles. The correspond
ent depicts Antung as a miserable col
lection of hovels, the inhabitants of
which, on account of its scarcity, can
not afford timber for fires and use
straw instead. The country between
Fengwangcheng and Antung is sparse
ly settled. The Chinese avoid the
highroads, preferring the mountain
fastnesses. Milk, butter. and eggs are
almost unknown.
"I witnessed the Japanese landing at
Weihaiwei. It was excellently per
formed, but there was no enemy to
offer resistance, the Chinese having
fled. Yet it required four days to dis
embark 21,000 men. If the Japanese
attempt to land anywhere within strik
ing distance of Newchwang we can
easily concentrate a force to oppose
them faster than they can disembark."
The opinion now is that the Japanese
will try flanking movements from Ta
kushan, west of Antung, at the head
of the Gulf of Korea, In connection
with their advance on the Yalu River,
but the authorities here make no dis
play of nervousness, manifesting the
utmost confidence in the plan of cam
paign marked out by General Kuro
patkin.
The War Office has ordered the for
mation of a Caucasian cavalry brigade
for active service. It will be formed
of volunteers from the Caucasian
Highlanders, who are exempt from
military service.
Viceroy Alexieff has prohibited, un
der pain of severe punishment, the
sale of spirits to soldiers operating in
his vice-royalty.
ROAD IS EXECRABLE!
ST. PETERSBURG, April 9. — The
best-Informed military . circles no
longer expect a Japanese landing at
the head of the Llaotung Gulf. .They
believe the Japanese have missed their
opportunity, the Russians being now
too strong.
A Russian officer who accompanied
the Japanese army during the war
with China said:
But it was in the service in the chap
el of the -Winter Palace, which was at
tended by the Emperor, who ¦ is
I The Foreign Offlce here denies the re
port circulated by the St. James Ga
zette of London that Great Britain and
Russia have reached an agreement
! covering the Tibetan expedition. The
exchange of communications concern
ing Tibet which took place in London
last fall was without definite result.
This morning at 4 o'clock In all the
orthodox churches occurred the cere
mony of the burial of Christ. Pre
ceded by the clergy bearing lanterns
and silver crosses, representing the
crucifixion and carried on their shoul
ders, the bishops and deacons passed
around the outside of the churches,
¦ followed by a long funeral procession,
after which the crosses were brought
Inside and were deposited in the sep
ulchres.
During the day there were no serv
ices In the churches, which remained
completely dark, save for a few stray,
lighted candles. Nevertheless, they
were constantly filled with, people,
many bt them prostrated in prayer.
All of the papers • express the hope
that the sound of the church bells at
Easter tide be not broken by the boom
ing of guns at Port Arthur. The Listok
says
"Let us hope that the God of Peace
will soften the hearts of our foes, at
least on Easter morning."
FEAST OF THE RESURRECTION.
The Russian church and people at
midnight celebrated the resurrection
of the Savior. For dramatic effect this
Russian Easter service is unrivaled.
For this one night the spirit of genu
ine democracy reigns in autocratic
Russia. Upon' the acclaiming of the
arising of Christ the great white Czar
salutes with a kiss the sentry posted
at the palace door, and the highest
dignitary and the lowest mujik ex
change the Joyful tidings with equal
freedom. In honor, of the great relig
ious festival Russia's Capitol was
adorned and illuminated. From every
building hung the national colors, and
in every window burned a candle, a
privilege permitted on this red letter
night of the Russian calendar.
The most popular places in the cele
bration of the event were Peter the
Great's little house, across the , Neva,
where reposes the ikon which, accord
ing to Russian legends, saved the day
at Poltava; the cathedral of Our Lady
of Kasan, who helped drive the Poles
back from (Moscow, where are preserv
ed Napcleon's eagles and the shatter
ed French .battle flags,. and the famous :
cathedral of St; , Isaac, >vnere are de
posited Ikons world reno\vned for their
priceless gems, one of which jewels is
the mate of the celebrated kohinoor.
The service here was attended by the
entire diplomatic corps, while' pressing
around the outside unnumbered thdu
sands stood for hours with tapers in
their hands awaiting the announce
ment that the Savior had arisen.
Vice Admiral Makaroff , during the
comlngr summer. .
. Embassador McCormick has notified
the Foreign Office that Japan has con
verted Into Red Cross hospital ships
the steamships Sakio Maru, . Kobe
Maru, Sakias Maru and Kosai Maru.
XO TIBETAX AGREEMENT.
Kuropatkin Hurries an Army to Prevent
Foe's Landing Near the Town
of Newchwang.
Mikado's. Forces Are Expected to At
tempt Flanking Movements West
of the Yalu River.
CAPTURE OF SEVERAL JAPANESE TRANSPORTS
BY ADMIRAL MAKAROFF 'S FLEET IS RUMORED
THE SAN:FRANGISeO CALL, SUNDAY, AFK1L 10, 190^
23
ADVEKTISEMENTa
•"T 1 ;--
P»-i nting (3i^
[ D evelopin J
AT CUT PRICES.
My kodak developing and priatinft U
pleaslns people all over the coast. It will
please you, because the work la right and
you can nnd no fault with the prices. Here
are a Tew figures:
DEVELOPING:
Roll of 6.......10c Roll of 12 15c
PSINTING:
Solio finish. 3c to 5c Velox finish, 3c to 63
. Mall orders promptly filled.
jf>n visiT|NG Rn*
BvUCA»D5^ OUH
CORRECT STVLE5 AND SI215 AuiO
©US'^C S5 AND PflCt AC CA.PO3
THAT V MAN P1TT5
1008 Market Street ££&
5«nf»snC'S{O
$500.00 Reward
If the Fudic Kin? fails to cure Organic
"Weakness." Lost Vigor, Varicocele. It
compels Growth and Vigor. The world's
greatest surgeons have been trying for
years to find some practical method of
controlling the Fn&lc Serve, as this
would be a permanent, cure in all cases.
Dr. Burnard of France has accomplished
this in the Pudic Blag", as it surrounds
and comes . in direct contact with the
Pudic . Nerve, which controls the Organs
of Generation. - Ho Medicine. No Incon-
venience. Lasts a lifetime. $2.50 post-
pald. DB. BTOITABDCO., 140 Geary St.
-Good tea, good coffee, best
-baking-powder, best flavoring
extracts, best spices, pure Soda,
at; fair prices and moneyback.
Schilling's Best, -at your
grocer's
' APVEBTIST;TVr-F!NT& '?£?£
A Few Words to Mothers of Boy?
If we bought our boys' clothing from manufacturers and job- ¦¦"''¦¦m^ 1^^^^/'^'"^
or better goods for the same money is because we manufacture all . • / 'irf^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Our goods have all the style, chic and up-to-date features of '.^^pT^^M^S^ ''?%$
'J'his is a money-back store — a safe store for you. Here are '-¦ ' '^ WJr'"
Buster Brown Suits for $5.45 ; ' - ' fSM^^^^'
We are selling you the genui ie Buster Brown suits for $5.45: \^^W^^/f^^M^ .v§%#fK
Other stores are asking $7.50 for suits just like ours. LS^'f' .-S^S/^t^
Besides we do not charge you for the Buster Brown linen col- * ,%W^ ; '"^%B^iv .:$0*£1^*ffi? %?
lar that goes with e^ch suit. There is also the tie and belt. f "*?3^f^
The material is an all-wool serge, in brown, red and blue.  l^^fe^x ¦ ."' '
Ages 2V2 to 0 3 r ears. ¦ \? ••«" •?%&•¦ '•'•'••.-•v- •v^fe'"-
We can save you this $2.00 because the goods are made by /SS&k^ ' t -i>^%l'.S^^^ -
us. Other dealers buy from manufacturers. Convince yourself .' ¦. p^^ %^V ;^'^S^I%^ .^ • "\ '
Other Values-Suits, Shirts '
Possibly your little son prefers the | Boys' golf shirts, made of a good ~ fflf& \ $$t2^v&
Buster Brown sailor. If so we have ] quality of madras and percafe; sepa- *i»l"^ I ¦
them at S3.50. They are the same j rate cuffs to match; price 50c. - y£*J J|l I '^-'^
turcd in a beautiful assortment of T . l^'-rl \ M^W
colorings. Ages 2% to 6. See the Large assortment of children's . &M ' ' \ . ':Wffi$
suits and you will see what values \ a"??/ ' aW ' Cn< '^ • I SM
our line of wa^h suits. Large as- leather visor, at 45c. '%#$!!$¦£&:,¦¦¦??: \ r r*m
sortment —¦ pretty colorings — low White duck, yacht caps and hats. I'.'rV ' '• ¦' ItsA ¦¦¦¦¦
prices. This # is the weather for wash suitable for ladies' wear, at 45c and -•';/--: . . E^f^-i'^-:]:'".--.-
Fine stee! knivrs. guaranteed, free v^ "#\L # WW \ ii W 4^1 if H \ Mail orders filled for any of thes?
with every purchase of a boy's suit \S J O^,-. VV W \Jf goods. In ordering please address"
or overcoat. • -;^™ tm ~ m ~^ m * mm **mm&mJ ¦¦; Dept L * x
740 JVlarket street . , ' ¦-'•-¦•"•- •• ~' '- ' '¦
.;.; ¦',,• . ¦ ... ,;¦- . ;-¦;, '^\'--;-\- } : ¦ : advertisements.
PRFTfY MRS : R-fifefRS^' fB '™ M '' i ™ sife '
¦ I1L- ¦>¦ I lTll\V-J« IIUULIIO BREATH; DISCHARGE FROM NOSE
PE-RU-NA
A Prominent Wisconsin Club y -jv '^. ~-^^£T7ZI23^r C V
Woman Gives Grateful (C^^^l^k
ANNOYING SYMPTOMS. //
"Pe-ru-na Cured Me After tslni Only / S f \
Nowhere in the United States is there to II t^r^^^^^^^^^^^^^t \\
be found a household that has not heard of If A<gSg|^^SgS^^-^v<^^-~ -~ =^^^^ :^ : $ :^y.-S5^Jj \\
shield against the encroachments of catarrh :j^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ ==^^^^$^^ J 1
—a remedy for all forms of catarrhal dis- I!
"PdrunaVurpd me of catarrh of the /^T) (iw^i^N^^^^^^^^^P^^^S f "^»/
bronchial tubes which had been most fin- A//}-' iS liESS05i^J*. Vn.T^NA
noyins for many months. I had a severe If I fiS. _y^SM\CWw^^»)»^^ :^~ -^^^^5%?}?^^ V>l l\l
pain in the chest, with a cough and an [[ \ y^^^^^^^^^lgfe^g^^^^^^^^s. * '" S^J I )J
things to rid my system of this before I y^^^i^^iS^^*" s /*^v*^^S <^V %^v^v^ r //
¦ time before I began to feel beneficial re- \LVvjg3£f*» c *S?^<'»-'s—^*y J^r ? _ . '
suits, and In less than' a month- I was '• _, « • *•+ »-v * /C"-^ I I
well. Your medicine Is very meritorious IVlD^ M Kf^V^TT'DQ Mfrffl£$$^ ff"".-,\\ I I
and deserves praise." ' i Il\\J. I 1 . \J» I V \J \J i- 1\. \j ) / r $ffi'*^fy'' v5-§y I
"I Feel Like a Different Woman Now and Am Never Troubled lI'WMikM Ir^l r?s
With Any Catarrhal Symptom.' 0^M) >S^
) Mrs. M. S. Rogers, Vice President of Neenah Mother's Club, *2r3^^©S^
) "For years I was troubled with catarrh, ef 'the head and did not /li rf Bj^^^i^^i^fc^^vl »t
) know what was the- matter with me. I was rarely -without a headache Cfv^^^^^^^U^'^'i'hk &\
)over my eyes, and when I took' a cold my head stopped up The dis- Vf A ,' y^^A
) charge from my head was very obnoxious, my breath was bad and I / \ /M^^rJ lf iM'/^^\
) U A friend suggested that I try Peruna, and as I had heard of it j M&?i$;% j\ ij ' / \V
\ before, I gladly did so. My experience -wax the same as many others { Jl //*fffiMM& a $' U^ffiWsJMvri \\
Yutho have used it. It cured me after Using only seven bottles. ) d}ffififMU0i& ipH W^ii<'$i] \ '
) l '/feel like a different woman now, and am never irnbled with \ JmfjSM&m fflji- /I I ||[ \
\ headaches v nar offensive breath, nor any of the evils resulting from \ fffifcflljj$ 'wL fife | -1/ ,|/ff^|irl |\
No amount of advertising «>uld have suddenly- withdrawn, still Peruna would /hfflMjtttjMto li^5^^»|||
accomplished the Immense popularity of remain in a multitude of homes and hold^^^^^^^^S^ s*£$$ffiffi'l'M'^*'^
Peruna. Once introduced in the house- its Place as the most popular remedy " s v^'^*s£|£aiP^'^
hold, it is liable to stay Neither the ever introduced in the United States.
advertisements in the newspapers nor a Bus i ness Uoman Rec mmend. WOMEN RECOMMEIVD PERUNA TO
the many beautiful pamphlets circulated - **v.Titni n^t/i;.ti.'iL.»u rL r»u ft* iu
have persuaded the majority of people to Mlss Kdna Bosler. Rox 210. Middle- THEI.4 fRIENDS.
take Peruna ' town, N. Y., writes: "I take pleasure in ¦•'-. -< '.
The influence that chiefly maintains siting you concerning your wonderful — ; ¦ /
_ •¦ ' . * . reme«ly, Peruna, for catarrh. In going -» —^^> — v^^*->— ->-^»— w^-^--n-*^--^-«->»-->>^
Peruna is friend recommending t to to and from . my offlce In dam p a^id ramy If you do not derive prompt and
friend, and neighbor prescribing -it for weather j contracted a severe cold and satisfactory- results from the use of.
neighbor. : . Ten bottles are sold as the di- na Q a terrible cough which it seemed Peruna, write at once to Dr. Hartman.
rect result of- a- recommendation from impossible to shake off until I happened fin 1^ wmte'Sel^to^v'ev^nia
those who navoL^.l it. where one bottle to see one of your booklets on Peruna. I vahiabiraivMce gratis
Is sold as the result of advertising. It is have U8cd two bottles and my cough has Adress Dr. Hartman. President of
the medicinal and remedial properties of en ti r ely left me. and I >have- no more The Hartman Sanitarium, Columbus,
Peruna that sell it. Even though every trouble with cold or catarrh." — Miss Ohio. TrT/JW
sort of an advertisement of Peruna were fidna Bossier. ¦ — •< — . — w--^-^. — _~^ —^-^ >_7" The '.' population ; of Japan is : twelve
times as* dense"* as-: that • of the United
states:;- '"s33g&gM8BB388tiBSB£BS$BBM
The . composition of London . mud > has
been Investigated. Very, little earth
was found in it. It Is composed prin
cipally V of > "carbon ; or- ; unconsumed
smoke." . " .-'. ¦•-., '¦•' s
,',The Mexican Government, "having ac
quired a preponderance of j stock in the
National, ; v International' and [ ¦'¦ Inter-,
oceanic * tall ways." is '' now . ' practically
the owner/of > these'- roads, and it is 1 . re
ported .that these three lines are to be
consolidated..;;: ''.".¦ " r ;
British Refiners Protect "Themselves.
LONDON. April 9.— The British
sugar refiners are protecting, them
selves against- a possible duty on sugar
in the forthcoming <J : budget. Notices
sent out. to-day announce that^as the
invoiced prices, of undelivered "sugars
and syrups are subject to fiscal change,
all sugars in store will be subject to
any Increased duty.- ." ', f
. The Patria of Rome, 'April "7, said
the meeting of Count Galuchowskl and
Signor Tittoni had for its principal
object the confirmation-' of --the agree
ment between Italy and Austria, con
cerning questions affecting the Balkan
states. The Ministers, the Patria
added, "would . also exchange views
looking to some arrangement by which
the heads of Catholic states who visit
the Vatican may* visit the Quirinal
without giving offense to the Holy. See..
CONFER 1 -ON QUESTIONS
"I " AFFECTING THE BALKANS
Foreign Minister Tlttoni of Italy Pays
Visit to Count Goluchowski, Aus
tro-IIungnrfnii Representative.
ABBARAZIA, Austria, April ».—
The Italian cruiser Dogali, with For
eign Minister Tittoni on board, arrived
here to-day. "Signor Tlttoni landed at
10 o'clock and visited Count Golu
chowski, the - Austro-Hungarian For
eign Minister.
Darina Parlor Makes a Gift of Two
Hundred and Fifty Dollars to
• the 'Fund. "
The Native Daughters* Home, which
was located for some years on O'Far
rell street, near Van Ness avenue, has
been removed \ to more commodious
quarters in a iarge two-story, eleven
room house at 1113 Hyde street. Friday
evening a house-warming was held at
the new quarters. -It was in the nature
of* a reception to members of, the
order by members of the relief com
mittee. Dr. Marlrfna Bertola.P." G. P.,
president of the board, spoke of the
work of the home.. Then Mrs. G. ¦ W.
Baker, P. G. P.,' presented a handsome
American flag to the /home, the Joint
gift of : Liberty Pajdor of ; Vallejo and
Buena Vista Parlor of r this city, and
a pole,' the gift of Thomas " Parker. *
. Then followed the.^presentation to
the home of, S 2 55. from Darina Parlor,
the proceeds of a' rummage sale and
a' theater ; party.. ' President -Lottie
Heinecke, who made the presentation,
also gave the home a quantity. of table
linen.'. There were recitations by Miss
Genevieve Clark, "vocal ' and instru
mental music- by Mis3 Lydia Green
and Agnes 'G.. . Troy and . . Emma i_G.
Barnes " \ and * ,' spirited .addresses ' by
Kathryn McGough. Anna F. Lacy,
Emma' Foley .and others^ During the
evening" 'W ; collation was served.' .
HOUSE-WARMING AT
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' HOME
enforce the return to them of the
Northern Pacific holdings which they
had placed in the Northern Securities
merger. The, first impression suggest
ed by this action .was a reopening of
the whole conflict for control of North
ern Pacific with the threat of hostile
movements between the two most pow
erful groups of capitalists in the coun
try. But prices proceeded^on their up
ward course. This, with the amicable
conferences reported between many of
the capitalists connected with the two
sides of the controversy, lulled the ap
prehension of the public and even
aroused the* suspicion that undisclosed
plans and policies might lie behind the
apparent hostilities. One feature of the
news which is unfavorably regarded is
the succession of small bank failures
which comes to hand . almost daily.
This evidence of widespread strain on
the financial fabric is regarded as dis
quieting.
The bond market has improved in
spite of the congestion of the dealings
in United States Steel second 5s, Union
Pacific convertibles and other specu
lative Issues. .. :
United States 3s registered and the
new 4s registered have advanced U
and the 2s and • old 4s % per cent on
call during the week.-
A puff is a poor prop,
A German physician recommends I
soap as a cure for sleeplessness. The j
ecap lather must be allowed to dry on i
the skin before the patient goes to |
bed.
PARIS, April 9.— Ex-Queen Isabella
of Spain, grandmother of King Alfonso,
died here at 9:45 o'clock this morning
of influenza, with complications.
The American embassy, which is op
posite the Palatte Castle, on the ave
nue Kleber, the late Quee'n's residence,
was early informed of the Queen's
death, and Embassador Porter was
among the first to call and sign the
palace register.
The Infantas Isabella, Eulalle and
Marie, daughters of the late Queen,
were at the bedside when she died.
Th<» Quef-n had been afflicted with
the grip for two months, .which grad
ually affected the lungs. Shortly be
fore the. Queen died the papal nuncio
was summoned to* administer the last
sacrament, but, owing to his absence
from Paris, the last rites of-the church
were administered ,by the Vicar of the.
Church of St. Pierre. \
Prince Ferdinand immediately tele
graphed the rows to the King of
Spain, to Foreign Minister Delcasse
and to all the European sovereigns. M.
Delcasse called during the day and
was admitted to the death chamber,
and President Loubet sent an officer
of his. household to present his con
dolences.
It is understood that King Alfonso
will not come to France for the funeral,
as he did not come for the funeral of
his grandfather, King Francis, who
died in April. 1902.
The deceased Queen had been one of
the conspicuous figures of Paris since
she left Spain. After her abdication,
in 1870, she continued to live with
queenly magnificence here, giving
largely to charitable and religious
works.
Following the death of former
Queen Isabella of Spain the feeling is
expressed that the United States ought
to acquire her former residence for
the use of the American embassy. It
Is one of the finest properties in Paris
and is immediately opposite the" pres
ent rented quarters of the embassy.
Since France purchased grounds for
her embassy at Washington the
French officials say it would be a
proper reciprocation for the United
States to secure her own embassy in
Paris. However, no steps are likely to
be taken in the matter owing to the
great value of the late Queen's prop
erty. ¦•"'¦'.'¦"'• ; yV-'S* *£. r '-'\\;(-
MADRID, April 9. — In consequence of
the death of former Queen Isabella, all
the festivities connected with King Al
fonso's visit to Barcelona have been
suspended. '• '
BARCELONA, April 9.— King Al
fonso returned here this afternoon and
was given an enthusiastic reception.
AMERICAN LINE STEAMER
\VINS RACE WITH MAILS
SaUs From New York.April 2 and Her |
Postbags Reach Ixmdon at
9:17 Saturday Morning.
LONDON, April 9.— This week's race j
with the mails was easily won by the .
American line' steamer St. Louis from ¦
New York' April 2. The steamer ar-j
rived at Plymouth at 3:08 a. m. to-day, ;
and her post bags reached London at ;
9:17 o'clock this morning, while the ¦
Cunard line steamer Etruria, frc-m New .
York .April 2, only arrived at Queens- j
town at 4:21 a. m. The old-time rivalry i
between the Great Western and the !
London and Southwestern railroads, j
which has been revived since the Amer- j
ican line began calling at Plymouth,. |
is greatly to the , advantage of" both .
passengers and mailsV The Great West- j
ern this morning, in a record, covered
245% miles in 4 hours. 18 minutes, with ¦
two stc-ns., and arrived with the mails j
so far ahead of time that the postal j
vans had r.ot arrived .at .the- station.
The London and Southwestern landed
Its passengers in London at 9:35 a. m., ; !
and the mails were distributed before j
1 o'clock.
EX-QUEEN ISABELLA OF SPAIN.
WHO HAS PASSED AWAY AT
HER PARIS RESIDENCE.
NEW YORK, April 9.— The market
was sluggish to-day and trading was.
dull. Prices went off. in the early mar
ket, owing to the impression created
by yesterday's trading that a reac
tion was due and traders inclined to
profits. There was no sustaining force
by the" strength of a few stocks such
as covered the realizing, sales of yes
terday and Thursday. With this ad
vantage lacking, holders did not seem
disposed to depress the' Belling und the
decline was very moderate. Before the
closing the . market recovered rather
more than its decline and ciosed strong
at small net gains, j The decline in the
cash holdings in the banks aroused no
misgivings owing to the belief that
yesterday's receipts of Japanese gold
did not figure in the statement. Th.r
extension of the loan account was not
unexpected. Although that item was
carried to a new high record by the
amount of the increase and a
considerable inroad was made on the
surplus item. the. extreme ease in the
money market makes the growth of
the loan item look healthy. The pres
ent condition of money in New York
is fairly plethoric and arouses some
discontent among bankers, who are
quite satisfied to see further exports
of gold. The week's bank clearances
throughout the United States show an
increase over the corresponding week
of last year for the first time In a long
while. The growth is found in the flvw
largest cities outside of New York and
Boston, especially the great cotton cen
ters. For all other cities the average
is less than last week. Total sales
of bonds (par value), $940,000. "
ACTIVITY AND VARIETY.
The stock market has maintained a
considerable degree of activity and va
riety this week. Occasional reactions
and constant Irregularity have not de
tracted from the appearance ' of
strength. The action of the market
in face of the heavy realizing sales has
been an incentive to a more cheerful
speculative sentiment rather than' an
obstacle. The profltrtaking has been
achieved at small expense of values
and has r.ot interfered with the pro
gress-of the market by the succession
to the new points of strength. Much
of the dealings were supposed to be. on
behalf of professional operators of a
large class and the occasional large
selling by the same interests argiies
a considerable distribution "of • securi
ties. .The. feature of the market would
naturally depend on the extent to
which 'the. j- distribution represents a
real digestion of securities. ., Where
trie secondary vstage ; of ~; a spec
ulative advance represents a pass
ing from hands of strong, oper
ators to those of small speculators of
small resources and timid methods, the
advance is soon followed by reaction
and letting go of holdings. ;\r;
The belief that there has been an im
portant absorption of stocks. this week
by inside interests in various proper
ties and of an investment character
has been a. strong influence in main
taining the firm undertone of the mar
ket. The Improvement In the specu
lative tone of the market was due in
the first place to the small effect pro
duced by various Incidents that seemed
to be unfavorable to values. The suc
cessive advances following these devel
opments caused a belief that the bad
news had been already discounted,
leaving no prospect- of further declines
and pointing to the long side of the
market as the one of advantage for
professional operations.
BOND MAHIvKT IMPROVES.
The strength which followed the de
cision of the Supreme Court in the
Northern Securities case was the first
striking demonstration of this tendency
of the market. This was followed this
week by the reception accorded to the
announcement of the appeal of the
courts by the Union Pacific interests to
NEW .YORK, April 9. — James W.
Goodman, a machinist, was arrested
here to-day, charged with having made
threats against the life of William C.
Greene, president of the Greene Con
solidated Copper Company.
Goodman has been In the city since
last September, having given his ad
dress as Nogales, Ariz, and was un
derstood to have the representa
tive of a mining company at Sonora,
Mexico.* \ '¦'
The charge of felonious assault with
attempt to kill was made when Good
man was arraigned In court, and he
was held in $5000 bail for examination
on Monday.
It was> alleged that there had been
some differences between Greene- and
Goodman on a mining deal. Goodman
met Greene to-day near Broadway, and,
it is charged, there threatened to kill
him; but Green told him to come down
to his office and matters would be sat
isfactorily settled. They went by an
elevated train downtown, the trip be
ing uneventful. After getting into the
office, it Is charged, Goodman said to
Greene:
"I want that $500,000 that is due me
in that mining deal. I want a settle
ment."
As if to omphasize his words, it is
further alleged. Goodman drew a re
volver and pointed it at Greene. Dur
ing the controversy which followed, it
is alleged. Goodman three times point
ed the revolver at Greene and each
time threatened to shoot him.
'Greene excused himself, leaving
Goodman in the room with Robbins,.
the secretary of the company. Greene
hurried to the Old Slip police station
and told about the trouble. Patrolmen
were sent post haste to the office, and
Goodman was disarmed. Goodman,
after the two revolvers had been taken
from him. laughed and said: ,
"Well, you've got them all."
Greene, in stating the case to Magis
trate Ccrnell, said: . j
"Goodman disposed of stock in a !
Mexican mine to a man named Smith.
He then drank and gambled the money
away, and it was not until he had spent
all the money and found himself broke
that he came to me and claimed that
he had be^n swindled."
The defendant asked for a postpone
ment and the magistrate, turning to
Greene, asked:
"Do ynu think this man can furnish
$1500 bail? 11
Greene replied significantly: "The
man who I think put him up to the
shooting might get bonds for any
amount. He. might get bonds for one
million as easy as one thousand."
Goodman was then held In $5000 bail
fc>r examination on Monday afternoon,
lie was taken to the Tombs.
NEW YORK. April 9.— The Financier
says: One feature of the official state
ment of the New York Associated
Banks last week was the new high rec
ord for loans and deposits; another
feature was the wide discrepancy be
tween the estimated and the actual
changes In the cash items, though this
may be partially explained by the fact
that the estimates covered seven, while
the returns covered six days of the
bank week; and still another feature
•was the verv slight gain in the bank
holdings of public funds. Indicating
that these holdings were fully account
ed for In the previous week. The
banks lost $S02,S00 cash, while the es
timates which were based on the trace
able movements of money showed a
gain of $546,800.
Thl« discrepancy was doubtless due,
as above noted, to the difference in
the number of days included in the
estimate, and al^> to transfers of
funds of trust companies incident to
the placing of the Pennsylvania notes
on the last day of the previous week.
Th" deposits increased $16,143,400 and
the r efiuired reserve was thereby aug
mented $4.0S5,S50. which sum. added to
the loss of cash, made $4.S3S,C50 de
crease on surplus reserve to $22,916,
400. Computed upon the basis of de
posits, less those of $56,125,400 of pub
lic funds, the surplus is $36,496,750.
. It may be noted that, so far as the
cash is concerned, the statement was
made on rising.avcrages, there having
been received by the banks on Fri
day $3,937,000. which was transferred
hither from San Francisco; this re
ceipt counted for an average of only
one day in the bank statement.
Loans were increased $15,S25,000. re
flecting the placing of the Pennsylvania
$50,000,000 notes on Friday of the pre
vious week, and also some further cor
poration ;i5 well as syndicate borrow
ings. The public deposits were in
creased by $14,000. indicating slight
additions to these funds in the spe
cially designated depositories.
The statement dtd not show a grood
balance, the sum of the increase in
loans less the loss of cash being $1,120,
300 smaller than the increase in depos
its. The daily average of bank clear
ings was $152,000,000. or $15,000,000 more
than in the previous week, and the
clearings on Saturday, reflecting Fri
day's business, were $119,412,795; these
large clearings probably indicate shift
ing of accounts, as the volume of
transactions on the Stock Exchange
was comparatively email on Friday.
The changes in the item of loans show
that six banks gained $11.SOO,000 net.
Corporation and Syndicate
Borrowings Are Indicated
by the Completed Figures
Weaiwn Flourished to Back
Up : a Demand for Five
Hundred Thousand Dollars
Bonds Improve in Spite of
: Congestion of Dealings
in the Speculative Issues
ABSORPTION OF SHAKES
ESTIMATES ABE AWRY
CLAIMS MONEY IS DUE
Heavy Increases Shown by
Official Statement of New
York Associated Banks
Arizona Man Arrested in
aSew York for Threatening
to Kill William C. Greene
Maintains \ a Considerable
Degree of ? Activity and
Variety During the Week
RECORD LOANS
AND DEPOSITS
STOGK MARKET
CLOSES STRONG
AIMS REVOLVER
AT COPPER KING
THE SAN FRANCISCO' CALL', -SUNDAY, APRIL! 10, -190*.
FORMER QUEEN
OF SPAIN DIES
OF INFLUENZA
24
NEW FREE RECEIPT
CURESWEM MEM,
THE FULL RECEIPT^ FULL DIRECTIONS and DESCRIPTIVE
BOOK FREE--SEHD ADDRESS TODAY,
Ksw ImproYfid Method that Cures All Menrous Diseases that Eihaas)
the Vital Powers of Men-Gives Ihe Vigor and Inclination
of Men of 25 to Men of 65 and Cures Permanently.
For the benefit of male readers yoang and old who find themselves weak in vital hmo*
tioj, the well known Dr. Knapp Medical Co. of Detroit, Michigan, will send their fan*
mops receipt and fall directions bow to cur* d^fflfc
yourself at home, free of charge. It is not a|W
nc^ssary to wrile a full letter, as they send it /a^*v.
free as soon as they receive your name and JgaBggjMk j£3»jjrAk. T^^xS
address. Wonderful improvements have been isS^wSf JSJk^wSKJ^?^
made in this famous receipt until it now posi- ffiffi^JM^
tively gives the longed-for effect In only one ¦*) K| wm^^'- 4^ *^*-'*'
day's use, and cures permanently in hilf the vmKtL ffiB^flBiwiffl^-:^
timo required by any other method that we have 4ttFn&l£i§BES3&?B&9?&<&£.'^: '
ever heard of. It is a lasting cure for any form I
cf wasting drains, vitsl weakness, lack of stay- pO r BSkfEStJ i9*^b[!MBE-J^SS&
ing powtr, bashfulness and timidity, ffiHf^TKa&^Bfllk c "^^8f^BflPi
prematurity, dissatisfaction, varicocele,, oRJ^ '* ><^|^^S^S^^B
stricture and all other embarrassing conditions EwBnffinl&fk. 5^S8§i
tha» inteiere. With the newly discovered in- «S^»'^W
that have lately been added this woo- t^p3^^^^^[ «HH^hh
dcrful receipt it is indeed worth having. It /\V^_j^^
gc^s direct to the weakened parU makes the /fli^SiSfc=<$-g fiS
muscles 6rm, the nerves steady and has a vit- /'fllw^.v fiBPflj
alizing trfect on the glands and mucous mem-^2 1 |K^-«l *j
you do, lose no time in getting it, for the soon- •QljSrv^^S^^.'^'
cr you write the sooner yon will be cr»*d •^^^y^^Sg -rf^JBliaafBT
The address is Dr. Knapp Medical Co., 176B
-Hall Building, Detroit, Mich., The xusw, "te- -j/j.^J^^' *" ¦'¥,
ceipt with full directions how -o cure yoursell ; privately at ' home and a book that god
intothe subject thoroughly will be mailed you at once in a plain sealed package free of
charge. Yon will not be asked to deposit anymoney or to pay for it in any way. It
>^.*^ utel yJ. ree - and ¦*»*>» can eost^you^othing you should seed for if without
; fcither delay, and find o^t for yourself that it can enre you.
Week iy Gall, $1;OO per Year
DR. PIEKCE'S REMEDIES.
Miles oil Miles
Are walked by the billiard , player, as he
moves around the", table. ; That is the
oulv exercise many a city man gets. It
is this lack of exercise in the shut-in-life
of the city, P"""'-'"^'.' -¦
belching, sour ris- - jwBBSffflE^ft^^
plete cure in nine- \S3^^
"The praise I would lite to give your .' Golden
Medical DUcovery'. I cannot utter in. words or ¦
describe with' pen." writes James B. Ambrose,
Bsq.; of i*>5Ji Mifflin Street, Huntingdon, Pa.
"I was taken i down with. what our physicians
'said was indigestion. I doctored wit n the best;
around here and found no relief.'-.- 1 wrote to you
and you tent me a question blank to flit out and I
I did so and you then advised me to , use . Dr.
Pierce'st>olden Medical Discovery. ; I took three
bottle* and I felt so rood that. I stopped — being, ,
.as I think, cured. I have no symptoms of gas*
trie trouble or indigestion now.", '' . r -;¦ *
! " Dr. Piercers " Common'; Sense Medical :
Adviser Is sent free on receipt of ¦ stamps
to I pay ; expense f off- mailing only, ;. Send
*i f oae-cent r stamps *¦ for.; paper *; covered
-book? or; 31 for: cloth bounds
Address Dr. ¦ R: V. Pierce, Buffalo. N.'.Y. )
. APVESTI8EMENT& _^ ; - -- ,
g^» Right now, when the season has come and you need new carpets, we have our SSKf
IKS9 sale. If the wonderful richness of color, the exquisite softness of design and the al- 3n£
Sfflt most endless variety do not amaze you, then you need look no further. Remem- (gfe
frag? ber our prices for one week are special prices, and remember that we have over $|Kj
'HBw' three thousand rolls at special prices to lay before you when you come. jigg
HI BRUSSELS Fot parlor ; b f°°™ i" di "' COTTAGE CARPET ££;'"£ m
K^S2y UllvOOLLO inp-room, hall or stairs; in * K»
e^HeSI .t fin 1 1*1 j d *+. mm and preens oa one lid: and select plain design on me BsSvc
HEnBglJ ri:he«tcf colors; floral, crlental and P*r- /> £¦ j> ana greens uuu r * , FJ6SE
JgSSi sian design ; two iones reds or greens; by WTh T% (J other. The designs a« pleasing, the col- v ff^l
SaK th: yard, sewed, lined and laid vvv ors are harmonious and the wet k s _< *X Q J^^H
Eggft T/ipFCTPY RPIIQ^FI price is, by the yd., « wed, lined and laid, Q^^
mS& lArLOl i\ I DIVUOOLLO ... TT| .|n C Wholerale, in special 20-yard Qggfg
ffiSSf Cashmere, floral drsign on blue ground ; wood-:o!ored \\\l\ | |||\UO ro Ui; hrge enough for the »»f9
gggj scroU on tan ground, rsds and gr: rens; every harmony av room b . iuti f u i enough A BjSH
RSfCSS in carpet patterns and a wondirful array tf\/lk^^ , o -, 1,- *A<-* ~>^r M llu i *&3k
i| he " !by . ihey '. rd :" wed :! iDed " d .90c ';i:zz^*:x£X£v*-y5 -3m
SBSHjI ' \ i-J a 'v. j\. A ¦ *> av. M I .s^^y ¦
P^Sf TWO-TONE COUCH COVERS - 3 yards long by II LIGHT SPRING COMFORTERS — Fluffy and 1SS§
a&2Pj£ II airy. They keep you warm but do not -weigh you . JSB3H
54 inchts wide. No more than two to a customer. down. No more than two to a custonnr. This 'JfjfVJxSy
'*THE CREDIT HOUSE" 233-235-237 POST ST, WSm
ADVERTISEMENTS*
n a ""* 4IJ? *** "**• **• K^y Ju. JSL >**• s^b^ \J&? H
R aSxm^*£*M c P^ c^ urc crc a ew> °f our
1 vliiiiifel>^ik swell summer styles — full of gin-
I i»S«KL_l3 gcr anc^ C^ ic * is a^ most im ~
I ti 1®^^^^ possible for any other store to
fe 1 ££%& display as good an assortment, for
|| one °^ members of our firm
f. sc^ ects esc shoes direct from
J /°^K ® r °^ st y^ es m tan f° r grown
c / * . up people and little ones. Take
fc I : /gZ\ a S^ ance at our windows.
I W$Hat^X*Q (J) LADIES' GIBSON TIES-Made
I of imported soft patent leather, ties
f Wit^ ri ' D^ >ons ' P Iai . n toc » kigh French
p heels, a beauty to look at and
g - a stunner on the foot S3. 50
I' <^^^ !^. The same in tan kid $^3.50
I j •J5 C (2) LADIES' TIES-Bright kid
h B i? vamp, dull back with broad
~i A S^. silk ribbon, very high military heel,
* *^ Sr^. J^/j&\ plain tce; thc same in F atcat l eathcf
j % (3) LADIES' IMPORTED PATENT
« Wk^mmk LEATHER SHOES -Patent leather
\ %&£> vamp, dull top lace shoes, plain toe,
X vef y French heels. A
' *^^^^^^^^ snappy style that will appeal to
s ff®&>^>^ anyone who wants a swell shoe
I I (4) CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' OX-
K ** U FORDS, made of imported patent calf,
I A^^J^^^ slightly extended soles, full broad toes,
US f^^' :^l^^ Sizes S>4 toil". *.".*. ".'.*. *.".'.'.". jSl* 75
K 1 The s;i mc in kid. with patent
K leather tips, and also in tan calf.
K >8l^2g!^B&^ Sizes a to 8 J*1.U.*>
[ GOOD >SKOigVS j
BRING
YOUR FRIENDS
TO CALIFORNIA.
IF you have a friend in Chicago, St. jj
Xouis, Omaha, Kansas City or any- |
. where else] east of the. Rocky Mountains
whom you want, to bring to California,
write us giving particulars and we will ,
tell you how the matter can be arranged. I
I, Briefly, the plan is this: You deposit
with us enough money to cover cost of
ticket and incidental expenses en route.
We telegraph East, order the ticket fur-
nished and passenger starts for California.
It is all very simple.
- ¦ •¦.•'¦ ¦" .. • - ¦ • ¦ -• .
¦ C. A. RUTHERFORD, Ji-*
District Passenger Agent,
623 Market St., San Francisco, CaLNEW, .YORK. April ;.9.— The follow
ing Californlans are - in New York:
•From San. Francisco— O.N. Hall, at
Callfornlans in New York.
The Board of Works informed the
Supervisors yesterday that it 'will cost
from $6000 to . $10,000 to . prepare
maps and profiles showing the loca
tion of pipes and conduits in the pub
lic streets.
Cost of Maps and Profiles.
NEW . YORK, April •9.— Potatoes
have fallen into the line of rising
prices here for household supplies and
have suddenly been advanced . by
wholesalers from 'J 5 cents to $1 a bar
rel." Good ones are extremely scarce
and importations from Ireland, Scot
land, Belgium and ; Germany are find
ing a ready market, y Irish, - Belgian
Large Importations From Ireland,
Scotland,' Belgium and Germany
¦ Find a Ready Market.
PRICE' OF POTATOES
ADVANCES IN NEW YORK
Austria-Hungary gives a subsidy of
$1,624,000 annually to the Austrian-
Lloyd Steamship Company.
Direct Sir Francis Laklng' to Study
the - 1 niproveiuents - Made In the
3Ianner of Treatment. .
* COPENHAGEN'. April 9.— King Ed
ward and Queen Alexandra to-day
yisted the : Finsen Ray Institute. "where
there isla large number of American
and English patients. ' Their Majes
ties conversed with the patients and
the King, ordered Sir. Francis Laking,
the physician in ordinary to his Maj-
EDWARD AND QUEEN VISIT
FINSE?: RAY INSTITUTE
Incorporate Improvement Company*
The Northern . Improvement Coni
pany was : Incorporated yesterday for
$1,000,000. The .directors, each of
whom -has subscribed $100. are: A.
Raymond. C. A. Son/S.'P. Elias, F. G.
Dorety and L. S. Lathrop.
and Scotch stock range from $3 23 to
$3 40 a sack. The quality compares
favorably with the domestic article,
which is f.uotedas high as $4 75.
Dealers do not anticipa*- a famine,
as the rise has brought increased sup
plies from country .merchants, who
had been holding 'back shipments.
esty, to study .the improvements made
in. order to apply them to the ray in
stitute In London. Afterward the sov
ereigns were presented to Dr. Finsen,
who has been ill for some time.
From Los Angeles— G. T. Cline and
H. A. Sackerider, at the Cosmopolitan.
the Holland; ' Miss Hurd.X at the.
Netherland; E. Patuti and J Miss L.
Sterling, at the Union Square; E. R.
Sutton, at the Woodward; S. Hopkins,
at the Holland, and L. S. Morse, at the
Wolcott. '
LORRAINE, Ohio, April 9.— The
Augustus ;B.\Wolvin, the largest ves
sel ever builtpn fresh water and said
to be the . largest boat in the world
designed especially for. carrying
f Height, was successfully launched at
the American Shipbuilding Company's
yards here to-<J_y. The vessel,. which
will cost about .$500,000, ¦ is 060 feet
long, 56 "feet -wide and 32 feet deep.
She. will -carry about 11,000 .tons of
iron ore,, besides 300 tons of fuel on
eighteen feet "draught..;
Largest -Vessel Ever Built in -Fresh
: Water, Leaver Ways, of American
Shipbuilding Company.
SUCCESSFUL LAUNCHING •
OF NEW FREIGHT CARRIER
ment were bales of clothing appar
ently prepared for sale.
When the family was taken to court
Mrs. Boehm was declared by Min
nick to have been for ten. years a beg
gar in Austin, Oak Park and the West
Side of Chicago.*
Minnick testified that she sent out
her children to beg and in the last
four years more than 100 letters have
been" written to the Bureau of Chari
ties by. persons interested in the pleas
of the begging children.
CHICAGO, April 9. — Living in a
richly furnished house on the West
Side, a family of beggars has been lo
cated after seven years' search. The
long hunt ended when Superintendent
James Minnick of the West Side Bu
reau of Charities took Into custody
three small children of Mrs. Missouri
Boehm. Two hours later five other
children were arrested and j Judge
Brown in the Juvenile Court put them
In the rcare,of court officers or sent
them to institutions.
In the family home a probation of
ficer found a piano, expensive rugs
and draperies and furniture of costly
woods. There were closets and chests
filled with clothing, and in the base-
Chicago Officers Find a Piano and Ex
pensive Rugs and Draperies In
Dwelling of Mendicants.
RICHLY FURNISHED HOME
IS OCCUPIED BY BEGGARS
Corporations Merge Their Interests.
BUFFALO, X. Y.. April 9. — A deal
whereby the Taylor Signal Company
of this city and the Pneumatic Sig
nal Company of Rochester are to be
merged into one firm, to be known us
the General Railway Signal Company,
with a capitalization of $5,000,000.
has just been completed, t
NEW YORK, April 9. — Half a dozen
men and one woman have been ar
rested owing: to the death of one of
the party known as "Boston Frank."
According to a story told by one of
the prisoners they had decided upon
a trip to Philadelphia with the hope
of Increasing their wealth and while
drinking beer discussed the use of
"knockout drops." All expressed a
desire to learn the best method and
quantity necessary, so a small quan
tity of liquid containing opium was
pourc-d into the beer. "Boston Frank"
emptied his glass and collapsed. He
was taken into the open air and an
ambulance finally called, but he died
on the way to the hospital. The
others drank only a small quantity
and soon recovered. They were all
imprisoned pending action by the Cor
oner.
New York Criminals Experiment With
?•Knockout Drops" and Give an
Overdose to a Companion.
ACCIDENTALLY I»OISON*
OXE OF THEIR COMRADES
made by >!rs. Catherine Waugh Mc-
Culloeh before the Chicago Woman's
Club conference on "Woman in Mod
rFn Industrialism.'* Mm McCulloch
sharply criticized the tendency in
present day business and professional
life to discriminate against women
who are handicapped with the task
«f helping; to support families. She
f.rfrued that in such cases women
were striving to fulfill the obligations
both of father and of mother, and de
clared it was the duty of the state,
by financial aid. to assume half their
burdens, thus giving them opportun
ity to devote themselves exclusively
to maternal tasks.
For the woman of little means to
rear a large family meant. Mrs. Mc-
Culloch said, the impoverishment of
the family purse, the early death of
the mother and for the children pen
ury and possibly crime. Left a widow
with a large family, Mrs. McCulloch
declared that neither the mother nor
her children has half a chance in the
world of industry. She' maintained
that married women should not be de
barred from remunerative positions.
Discriminate Ajrain^t Them
CHICAGO. April 9. — A pica for the
married woman In business has been
Mi>. Catherine Waugrli McCulloch
Sharply Criticizes the Tendency to
MAKIvS A STRONG PIJSA
FOR WOMEN IX^JTSINESS
FALL, RIVER. Mass., April 9. — The
cotton goods curtailment movement In
this city extended to-day and 13,000
operatives were idle. The total num
)>*t of spindles stopped is 1,569, 888.
more than half of the number of the
Fall River cotton mills. The majority
<>f the mills will be idle two days a
week for an indefinite period.
Cotton Mills Reduce Output.
TRINIDAD, Colo., April 9. — James
D. Ritchie, secretary-treasurer of the
local union at Broadhead; Robert
Beverage, president of the Broadhead
Union, and Librado Vlalpando, a Mex
ican, have been brought from Aguilar
by troops and placed in the County
Jail. The first two are charged with
intimidating men who wished to work.
Vialpando is charged with having shot
fit a soldier.
OURAY, Colo., April 9.— A majority
of the uuion men who returned to Tel
luride last night and were forcibly ex
pelled from the town by the troops
under command of Adjutant General
Sherman M. Bell arrived here late this
afternoon. They were taken from Tel
luride on a special train only as far
as Dallas Divide, on the boundary
line of San Miguel County, and were
forced to walk from there. The exiles
complain that they vere badly treat
ed by the troops, some being struck
with the stocks of rifles and others
prodded with bayonets.
A telephone message received from
Ridgrway this afternoon by the local
miners' union states that Oscar John
eon Is lying dangerously wounded at
Dallas Divide, and that a physician
has been sent to his assistance. H. C.
Voss and Secretary-Treasurer Stewart
Forbes of the T«lluride union, two of
the returning exiles, who were Im
prisoned by General Bell, are Bald to
be In a bad condition frpm wounds
inflicted by the soldiers. Michael
Clooney. who went from here to es
cort the exiles to Telluride, is missing.
The local union has offered to raise
1000 men to preserve peace at Tellu
ride, free of cost, but General Bell re
jected the offer.
bay They Were Struck With
the Stocks of Bides and
Prodded With Bayonets
SEVERAL ABE WOUNDED
Men Driven Out of Tellu
ride Complain of. Bough
Treatment by the Troops
UNION MINERS
MAKE CHARGES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10. 1<JCKL
The center of the country's cotton
growing is rear Jackson,. Miss.
25
Choice opiwrtnnltlcs for in- . ":
vestment nrc brought "to your
door dally by THE CALL.
A number of scod •• propo>i- •
tlons to consider advertised in
BUSINESS CHAXCK .VXD.
LODGING-IIOUS^ columns to-
day. " '.\ . . .
lOEW ADVEETISEMENTS.
TEI DOCTOES AOBES.
Two Phytlciaxii Both Atrree on the Eew
. Scientific Dandruff Treatment.
• Dr. J. M. Powell of Spokane. Wash.,
says: "Herpieide has given good satis-
faction in my family for dandruff.**
Dr. W. G. Aiban of Walla Walla,
Wash., says: "I find Herpieide all that
is claimed for it as a dandruff cure , I
shall prescribe it." Dandruff is a germ
disease and you can't cure it unless you
kill the dandruff germ; and you can't do
that unless you use Xewbro'a Herpieide.
the only preparation in the world that
destroys the parasites. A delightful hair
dressing; allays itching Instantly; makes
hair glossy and soft as silk. It is a Rure
dandruff destroyer. Sold by leading
druggists. Send 10c in stamps for sam-
ple to The Heryiclde Co., Detroit, Micli.
THE EMPOBIUM. . i.'j^ THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOBIUM. I THE EMPOBIUM. | -THE EMPOBIUM. | THE EMPOBIUM.
9T 1 . 1 '''„ , ./ , — — — — L_L ; , —- — 11 '. ' ' '¦ — '.'•'"*
J " '.;.•_. A 'nil- Trust' P/w \tog rap hie Supplies at Anti-Trust Prices. •;£¦«-
j^ Thousands of housekeepers who are now preparing for Spring zuiil take advantage of the great reductions in Household Goods.
g Thousands of men and women who are replenishing their \ -wardrobes wilt be interested in the April sales of Summer Wearing Apparel.
% Buy Your Summer Supply Now of S&lG Manuf&G$Mr<&r'S S&mpUGS Needing Clothes, You Can't Afford
I Muslin Undergarments at Stylish Summer Gowns To Overlook This Sale of
I A Great Saving 1-2 to 1-3 less W^m Suits at $7.50 and $11.50
*S 5 'dT^§ 5 OC » 59 C and 6 > c Corset Covers— >o wca made and than regular priGCS /'~^j£i*QiF Suits for Those men who bought during the past week were
K V^***'W prettiiv trimmed atyics, au now at . . . .'Y'38c -r-t 4.11 cc • j 1 -ri 'C^^Z r^f gf» * -j £*/fB truly surprised at the big values. Every suit sold
I 1 Zl $Ls. $i.39. Corset Covcrs-10 French | Hie exceptional offerings made by The <*! ; !p>f¥.&O has made a new frien d for this clothing store. There
l : J $L «y ! « trimraed wi - h Iac « and ash "bbonv now tmponuin for the April sales are greatly is still good choosing in all sizes from 34 .to 42, and a large lot of black
I .-iT 'M^^' " ch 880 strengthened Monday by the addition of a f;if/'\ and blue suits, in sizes up to 46, and stouts. A great saving for extra
* #^#~#\ *'- 75 and f lhChcmtses-now-5/. /S fg^B ?olsMn^ls^rio^i^ I Wpk \ large men ' and the Smaller men t00 ' ™* S W ° fth " P *
S rfi^^-Wl' \ J1.00 Short UndcrsKirts— Lace and rufflt trimmed . tailo [. sult b Jl v ' f" d / ei> !^ s '_ f^ ? ob b ? T I { ' f 1, §\ \ J20.00 each. :"
I mm^ih \ : . , . 69c C^TJl > sell ;^ ?tm r ;S'^ S f U r JS • ( v4-r\ A Suits for Sack suits and cutaway frock suits of black clay
* \\Tri )/ > %x +* tO ll2 '°° Whitc Pettico.ls-37 good 8ty ,e s , LSi^ W&mL \ +7 *fi worsteds or cheviots, also plaids and mixtures in dark
*° V'l' Ij^y^ ' more or Icss e'«bor.teiy trimmed, now marked . . . many other similar bargains,. M$< : - -^ &S*&Gm9 shades. Suits that were $9.50 to 512-50. Excellent
i Wj^A • • 88c to $4.95 . Remember that every one of these suits /^| >, -. lfeW| business suits. Suits that are good enough for best
i \ \ ™% $1 ' S ° Short NainsooK VnaersKtrls-Damtiiy trimmed, s in the height of style, made by conipe- |t1 1 j JgS$* , c d Vcs^' HalI p rice _ cu tawav, frock and sack styles. A
I V I A »ch 98c ten ?' w f e11 knov ™ manufacturing tailors; WV \. f^ bi- lot of Xm in s£es 34 to 44. Fine 'black clay worsteds, blue
* W ft M^SS^l^^^SS^l As the sample suits are mostlv sizes' 34 4 •- \ F In j JltS^"? ~ J£S8
I W ' One-third off All French LinaeHe and 36, vve have added to them a full assort-^^^ / /I; 1 jiz. S o - » " $6.25 ¦
H V Crmenti that were $1.98 to S 3S .oo, now u . 1.32 to #22.34 of SUeS f rom OUr Own Choice StOCks. <-/ «~a V Ijfh X All of th-. abov: ue well made and in good cond tion and fully worth the former prices.^
I Special Sale Ladies' Wrappers 87a p)Sp!||iIi \ \ $ /£& 'W/ / / IV g |SHS"EHH" ? ' ' WM 8 : ' • : ' - '-^o
* itripei and nnaU figured effectt, lizei 34 to 4s, markri for the April Sales'. ... iS/G Sniti worth M f 40.00 ... 22.75 J^d 09 .l/gffit merou. pretty styles. *«„-
»T k * ** ' ** Su'u worth .<47.5°tD $55.00. . . 27.50 /^Sf l M '"¦ W&S Boys' Russisn5uits-Ncw summer styes, 2^ to 6 years $2.95
I LauJ^Bags ™™ Tops I IS "«««? «^»V^" |5p?| ***** «">*" M <° WM
t "* ** The New Birthday Pillow Top and Backs- Hindtome ev.-n length runabout tkirts, in light Extra handsom: walking length skirts, in QnSale$B*SQ
* Excellent denims and burlaps, gOOd Representing each month of the vear, with and metfium novelty mixtur.-iandp!a»nb»ack 5 . mixtures and solid colors, blue-, tans and , m;^, «*f^o «*r^ C H <^^^
£ size and stamned with the word the s: f ns ° f thc z^ d "• ™* com P J « c with 2 5 dl " :re " c st > !cs a:id f att " n? > J P- endi . dI y rich brown.; very dre»y 5 at prices racing One of tlie biggest and best millinery orr^ri,
» Mze and stamped witn tne Aora the correct birth ston^I regularly 65c each ui orcd; au at one p 3 puar price each.. from ever made by the big store— the new- J^*&1f*0tt ! %&WJ
v ' Laundry" all ready to be em- , OC o of them for the April .ale's ' pi.QQ Waists, '63& est summer styles flower hats, chiffon
% broiJereJ: Colors, red, blue Or M at - • • • • * ¦• 2%2C 20 doztn wash waists, white gr.und with blue, Siik Crepe d: Chine W:ist?-Kv f n : ng col- hats, fancy braii hsti-at least 50 different effects, crea-
£ 5 ilk Cords and Tassels' «— For sofa pillowt, in pi,ik, gre;n or black dots, full sleeve and ors, white and b'ack, b auti:uily made; tionsof cur own expert millinrri, at a saving now of almost
V green; regularly 4UC O^^a full lengths, in plain and mixed color effect!; adjustable stock; Monday, while quantity worth Monday, and while quantty one third. We guarantee tha: they carf-^^ €&ftj '
* each, April Sale price • regu'arly 6 cc, April sale price, each . 3Qo lasta 63 O last« . . . '. $4 85 not be matahed anywhere a: the price . W'CJ'
I — j — j ; L . — -._. — }
| Summer Wash Goods ® a i® *™#«MI J? e fj? et G ®^P®* s < f tm J S Guriains *»* Draperies
* New Torchon Weave Batistes— In mercerized Striped Sal& Japan iVIa&tffffifflS 15Gj 2OG tt£$lSP£3 Continuation of the great April sales ot broken lots and
* effects, stylishly designed patterns and pretty Your choice of 20 or more good patterns of genuine Wilton Velvet Carpets,- beginning Monday overstocks; wonderful savings "for thrifty housekeepers.
J- colorings, never shown here before; £45^ and during the April sales, at less than the price of the best tapestry Brussels; sewed lined J? RvIIlcd Muslin Curtains— P-ain and s:ri P =d cff=c:s and
V a 20c value; beginning Monday, yard B.CZ*r and laid, per yard T^ * dainty co.or designs—
$ White Goods-A big lot of 20c materials, closed out New Japan Mattrnfts— Twenty-five patterns, regularly $9.00 per roll of 20 yards, and 25c per yard The ftr^Ji'lT^ow^jJ'S « f 6 ij2
*, from one of the largest mills in this line, open when cut, special at $6.80 the roll; yard .£mtU9%j? The sL 5 o and 53.00 st>ie S ,'now, "pair.".' *.'. §/leS
1 work, fine white goods, insixstyles, plain India New Japan Mattings— Twenty patterns, regular $7.50 per roll of 40 yards, and 20c the yard when -gSSfn Bobbinct Lace Cvrtains— 38'and 50 inches "wide, novelty
%- linons, fully 36 inches wide, plain white cutspecial, 5.60 the roll, yard • • . • r 3%m9G cejigns, whh , ace insertion and edge; regulariy $1.75.
*k neat dotted Swisses, Worth Up tO 20C the Billow Axmnlster- At the same price others chige for B : ge!ow Boly Brussels, yard . . . . .$1.65 C 2 . CO and «5.OO a pair, no\v.$ t.Q8 and k 1 R8
% v-ir-,1- rhi,i.v nf nnv nf tripm hpainnin? *T «» Short Cuts and Odd Pieces ot all ihe different makes cf carpets. Of scm: there is encu?h to cover a small room, while for others th:re is n " _ * r» . M au V!l j vt
m r a I beginning ffQ p ; enty for two or thrce rcoms . To close wc are ofr£r ; ng thcse remn / nrs at from 20 per cent t0 40 per ccnt , esJ lhan rcsu ', ar prjce$ Bring mcasurc Bonne Fcmmes— Denteile Arabc, Bobbmec and Novc ty
1? monuay at ••••.... of your room and wc will ri d a carpet to fit it at a p: ice that will astonish you. *- " . patterns, 4.5 to 50 inches wide and 3 yards long
ti aSL. rf .. d 3JS 1 t.'£? J «£ W*ffiM AU Oriental Rugs Now One-Third Off Regular Prices " hi « « <1 . A " b ;»° ™"" ! = m*°° >° d Jt;X°Xi
* £ oods weeks ago. Now have arrived ih; still newer and richer Empress Smyrna Rugs - Four siz* at less thin th: manufacturer's price. N*o better Smyrna rues thin these are mads— S 5- co 8t y iCS » a!1 at the °n c sale price, ezch.§2m35
*• prcductons in satin striped weaves, a grand assortment, qg-g* 18x36 inch $1.50 size. . .$1.00 30.60 inch 53*25 size . . S2.GO - Novelty LaCC Curtains — Co"ored Irish Point and Madras
5£ marked per yard .'. . <f***~ 21x45 inch $2.00 s : ze " • - $1.25 r, 36x72 inch 54.50 £ ize . S3.2O in staineci-g.ass effects; styles that were 54. 50 to S-iz
% Org«ndi«-The £ ooi gr.de. wh tc sheer woven ku.i, 66 inches _ W _J^_ , the p.ir. marked for the April sale. $2.95lo$7.95
?» wide, a value unsarpissed at 50c the yard regularly, 0% mmf% - -^ -_. , . ... ¦ -. ¦¦ _- ,_ -_ •-;¦-. r . _ . ,. r , T *?¦*•'+*+* *P f *****
J on«>, bcc: n n ; n £ :o-mo row.'vari 27 G gffl i2g»ff* (P&Sit ffiff £$£S £ E£ S 9 StMSl 0*8* Oriental Cvrtains— India and Java pnn:s, suiUD.e for cozy
g L0W-Priced Bedding Supplies ZT *7. ¦ >, * m ~. L , ' corners and conch cover,; styles that were 5 4 .oo to
5 ? 5 . S oF.r. C White Bankeu, ,or double bedf, bet wool, red borders ES Si IPS $$ £8 itS& O^*®^5S J^BSB^SS S&ffg?® $13.00 each, now . . . . $2.95 ™± $7 .95
*>° only ri this lot, so marked per pair $4.45 ¦ ** "^ Covch Covers — Heavy tapestry and Oriental designs,
£ Singlt-Sed Wh'.te BUnkets— Superior quality California wool, 4 Our furniture is produced by the best factories in America. That is one fact about it. Our" furniture widths from 50 to 60 inchrs, #3.50 to £7.00. now
£ D PJfcS^S.v!'' " -V " t" "•;•!* V; "if? is marked as low and in most instances, if not all, lower than that of the exclusive furniture stores. It is 52.50 and $5 m 5Q
K V^%^7\n^iT^c^ m m . . *4c from these low P rices that we make a still further reduction of 20 per cent as a special stimulation to the Tapestry Porticrcs-A variety of patterns in Re£ Gobe-
g Pilow Cases— 200 dozen of the fin: grade muslin, hemstitched, April furniture trade. If you need furniture now, or if you are going to *§^--k^^^^^^? -'^^g^rr^ ins and Armare weaves; styles that were '4.00 to
ar size 45x36 inches, instead of zoc each, commencing to-morrow . need furnituresoon, come in and investigate present buying opportunities ~ 7 ~~\":~~ —^x^TT^ 1 the pair, now .". . . $2m9b *° $4b95
$ Scotch TenniiFlannellB^makelb'the'n^c^s;^ 0 '(^^^ $13.50 Solid OaK Dressers-Now $W.3O (^S^^^S®^^^ Table Covers -Tapestry damask and denim weaves;
X 3° i"ch ft wide, yard 35g XJ^^S-Sj/ < 37 . c O ¦ Mahogany, Birdseye Maple or Curly Birch \| \W^^ B . If . styles that were 75c and $5.00 each, now .....
£ Q . , ' [L— »—^^> Dresers S33.XO \\ Wi Wj /?/ 4!5c t° $2.85
H 0.1I--S Of iggSliS?! $37.50 Golden Oak Hai: Ricks— Now $31m*3O VI ffifl \H Yard Goods— Figured denims, cretonnes, colored mnsiins,
\ GrOCerleS and LiqUOrS Jl8 ' 75 Doub!e Do0 ' Book Case " NflW -- -StS.O3 «J| ! .SWK^S^S^^^'----pf' .Hungarian cloths, curtain Swisses, art draperies, etc.,
£ Sale of Hams-Monday and Tuesday, the b:.t f MS ?23^o Golden Oak Single Pi:lar Extension ¦ ¦» :.b e- &]% reduced from 12 %c to 50c v . . . : Sc to 35c
J|I Eastern, sugar cured, good, rirm, sweetmeat, ib. • ««5/221f *" —^~^ — {tie No'w • ..... • 8O S' £0^r^ \\V >i^ai~w^BnKMiM^HMHKBM^iMHa
X Sapolio-E^hand or pouring 4 for. 25c _^ $7.50 foiJ Oak --Dr.wer Chiffonier ... ."Vg.'oO J < %Bt0*f*S'*B t*iff*t+U^
* Chow Chow-Crow: & B.ackweir*. 65c me SOc '¦^^^saf^SSt <-„,, o l n i )! HicrhPo tl nn R-1 «#P '}/» SM t&K&&Z*£«S82 <&<&M& &S&GK&
t Castile Soap - Imported French, large bars 22O H JL«3fPt ¦ /I «5-O:> U)l.nial Mlgn fOat 1 On B-<J . • • $14. JO «p ' ¦ 1 ¦- , - -— • ' , TU „ , r, • L
2 Best Coffee -Choicest Mocha and Java, none better at any P r:«, l^JSP%ZjC*kH f67 -'-° Magnificent Frtnch Colonial D.venport- This Hard Curved Library Tzb!e in p'"[ !^^^W^ "* Thomai Mantel c ' oclu '"
£ pound. . . ."....-.... 29C frjKr^r%7 Now • • • $54. GO solid eo:dcn 6kk, made by th. best J$$W$3i3x§> %S Adamantine rinish, strikes half hoor
£- Corn-Army and Navy or Queen of the West, dozen $1.?O; fjLs^r^ \J!2 lia'w^table manufacturer,' rtguiar'y *^Sl Mm^^ II *« ' bell and the hour with gong; no bet-
* ¦ . IOC (m£^ '$*? p^^^^rr^-. ' <6$, for the April sal;s, $S2.OO W$t$^k)&W& c:rc!ocfc works that the Seth Thomas
* Corn— The best Mane, dozen 5/.C5/ tin /„ c R^&st^ ft|K l^^f^ T^M .,-*¦'•—^ Weathered Oak Arm Chair- Lrg; and MI^^^^^*iK >.,v» • - ~~4 ,~a ~u
;J PureaneSyrop-Oran.eB^m.hafgaltin 2BO Arm Rocker- L'-ke px.ure, wcod seat, 1 W fglf^ luxuriou, upholste.ei in Spanish V^P^^^^s ---y -^ and wonh re 3 - .
8 B^ nd u Co ""-(?, ther » chir f 3oc)lb 2i:C or ecfibkr, either golden oak or ma- | Mf ff fiE It*™ . J/ „ \<T&F I leather, regular for the A ril fp^SS^SSmSSBSPBA "'" * 6 - oo i»P eclaI Q -
I* Jell-O-Thebctdcttertjely, assorted flavors, 3 packages. . 25O hogany finish: imte.id of $6.00, now j S i^f^-r''- ¦-• v i.*V'^S' \M\ \\ ">« S22.OH ' &*^ r April sales price . .&**m&7
J i-ort or Siicrry- Regular 7S c and Ji.oo per gal. qualities beg : n- . $4,80 &Q~*ct^4< f «*«*— — SSSS3>»«. ¦-, ?^^\, Oolden Oak Tabourettt, or mahogany 24k Ormo'tiGo'd Clocks- A lar e - numb-r '.'"--
... nmgMonoay £Q C . c ... ' , AfiF^P^ If -JfeiiffiBS"^ . ffe^5&S3g finish, graceful design, with French Urmo.uUo H UpcKJ A larg. numb.r
<2 Kentucky Belle Burbon-FuU qt. bottles ff6O ? V ,? Chair - Solld ™% H 1 - \ . 1 | f V ¦ / Wlff kgs; rc S ular price ; 1.25, sale price . clostd cut from th: manufacturer at a little JigSftj^
I If Domestic Porter -Equal to the imported, doren . .. . $1 m OS *««, leather i«t, now . $2.«0 .¦<[[. 110 I! | f | U . '. . .\ . . . ' ¦ $f.'J8 rncre than half regular prices; beaurml go'd
». OingerAie-Caateland Cochrane, imported, dor. . $1.49 $1375 Morris Chair- Weathered or t » * \ W Golden O.k Extension Table Rourd docks, in Cuaid and designs, Roman ]^#^>X
fc * alcohol- Beft Eastern 1 8« degree proof, tuUqts 7Q O go den oak, spring seat, fine veloun, . top, massive single pedcs'al, a briaty ,. . . . . '• . ,- . . , • . , - jf #??•&• i(v s . J fv."^ >
»» Oaret-A perfect quality dinner wine, gal. .ffgo handsome carvings, now . 5//.OO 3-Pwce Parlor Su«t abeve-- Art Nouveao de«,gn, uphoiterecTin fane ¦ ch s ?_ ?. gold nnishrd with polished fimsh edges, guar- ||^#i!S/"
*: President Fla S Wh,3key-Bot:led in bond, fuU qts . . . $1.QO Luxurious Couch-Very large, v,ry "^ d»mask ; .mtrad of «6 5 .oo, less 2 o p:r c:nt . $52.09 cent di£ 7 0unt p X c . t S16 8O ed no^ to l " n sh and k «P P ertcct e i
J. Sauternc-Excra dry dinner wine, gal . JgO soft and inviting, good velour ui hoi- Elegant Mahogary S^eboard— Low back, Sh:raton tetign, 5 feet. Hard Map ; e Frame Be(J 5 pr j n g,_ Ropi specially rrcea lor tn: April sales— JiLr?^«^.W
%' Choice Whiskies — Montreal malt, or Maryland Club rye, bott.e stcry, $35.00, lew 10 percent.'now wiie, reduced frcm J93. 50 ta . . .£74-81) edg: and best support mad-; nst-ad \~ " 5 ° . f Z ' 7i ,..* c#oo C^.-^^-^^S
* :-.*.. $1.*T ¦ . . . . . . . f *28.^O $18.00 Wearhsred Oak Divan- Lrathyr s:at, now . . $T4.4O of S3 50, now .- ." . . . S2.8 '¦ 3 ' C ° " 3 ' 5 ° ' S> ' aUiS
f Toilet Articles Notions and S'le of Sile of Sales of Sale Loom Ends
i At About Half Lining Sales Has$dlkG9*Gh§&fS StQGk T§GS • Stationery and EmbFOitl&riGS
I a °m b i?e X d C n?ce 0 rscel U te^7caI«in ""P-^ SS^^S^S^aS^S^S Hundreds of do Zt ns of pure lin n, fine sheer Seme of the prettiest 50c styles of lawn stock IttStStandS Closed out the entire stock of loom ends of several
i Tbt ' } • 3 - SC woV^M^^l^^S* I7C l4 7 C3 - mb J S^i^J W Tr tie T ad t f ° r tHL ' Sra! ° nV buinCSS - tUC^ Kara Linen paper, «h, favorite stationery of th,u- ot the best embroidery manufacturer, in St. Gal.,
S" 'oox. . . «#«* worth 2 cc the >ard, April sale price. 9 0%, and misses, in >/ and h.ms (the stock with pre-.ty ov.-r-cohar.., some plain, with -' M ' . - Switzerland, strips averaging from iZi to 63/
if 50c bcx Kirk's high-grade Toilet Soap -Par- Large Spools Factory Ends Black Sevang SJk— majority the narrow hem), regular ' scalop:d or hemstitched ends, begin. _^ , sands of San Franciscans, 5000 lbs., a delayed • . yards - m j aint _ * bands, Ladings,
** thenia and Luxuria - dilicately ?» best quality, but seme joinings, sold special sac 25c values, for the Api sales... E&G nin: Monday, tcr April sales, each mm3G shipment for wh ch we have been waiting for allovcrs, flouncing? cslored 'edges, medallions'
g perfumed, 3 cakei in box t&C price, spool . . 25O _..,_.__.",'.., _ . ' ' ' . months, equal to papers regularly sold at $1.00 etc., worked on •' cambrics, nainsooks and'"
Jf ioc Sprinkler Top Carton Abaline Light Weight Nainsook Dress Shields - size 3, . fatten -^^TjT /^"X^^ the Ib., new style linen finish, whte, blue and Swisses.
* ToJet Powder for ......... mG good washable qua hv, worth 12c pa'r, sale - >.»••„•. S S*)^^ £j ' 1 gm ¦ \ > j • » -t- \^ —. FrnkrnW,™ ,..',.1. f. o _ ._. ,«<,««- _,-j
ii • n • m Jr J St s wr S rav on special sale* during A^ tmoroiaenes wortn t.om io*. to ;3-°° * ) ar °>
»t ;oc can Allen's Royal Violet T«icum Powder price, dozen SOC; single pairs . . . 7C AT7^ F JL sa!e'< Ib ' &l%m9® nowd.vided into 5 lots and marked (to be
55 sprinkler tops, sac prxe Qq Horn Hair Pins— 23/ inch, shell hair p ns. .0 &/& £* W>/a^M/&^ fe&f&y MMM £!H*&" ' -.' " " sold in strips only ):
{ 2oc can Allen's Royal Tooth Powder _ crimped or straight, fine^inish, worth 1 5c a %^ JK/ JT JK M /LJ fc^mJUiffl /T£ Envelopes to Match - 2 package . 25c Values t.p to 83.00 a yard . 38c
JI nicelv flavored, no grit, for 9C April sale pr.ee 80 V^^;0 £ M>^%^ M M&lft/ fancy Inkstands- Finished in bronze, German Values up to 75c a vaPd. . 26O
J 2ocbo t f, Kirk's Violet ToietAmmonia/Cc L^^P^Co'mbT/a'ch ! . ! 25O CAUFORNIA'S silver and antique e^cts, all sha ? es and size,, Values up U> 50c a yard. Wo
6 xoc size Ea.tman'. Sath Pawder, bottle WO Initials, a 1 letters, 3 dozen SC ' rcAMnrcT o-r^nr «8«« S oc and 75c values, April y Values up to 20c a yard . . . 8C
tf Ji.oo f7C Coke's Dandruff Cure . . -43c 25-inch Silk Serge, all colors, yard . . SOo *«fe^^ AMERICA S GRANDEST STORE. sales prici 4Sa M %0 ¦ Values up.tolOc a yard . . \ 4o
m ' ¦ '_ ! ' • • ' -' ' ' ¦ • *Negro Breaks Out of Jail.
SAN JOSE, April 9.— Sheriff Lang
ford to-day received word to watch
for George Miller, a negro who , broke
Jail at Llvermore last night. The man
was being held for burglary and his
preliminary* examination had been set
for' to-day. When the jailer opened
the jail this morning Miller was miss-
Ing. It is said that the man sawed a
number of iron bars out of a window.
Miller is described as a good looking
negro, five feet eight inches in height
and weighing about 160 pounds. He
wore a dark coat, with a khaki gar
ment under it, and light trousers.
t CHICAGO, April 9.— Plans for the
new capital of the Philippines were
made known by Secretary Taft He
bald:
"The new capital will be about 155
miles from Manila on a plat of ground
over 5000 feet above the sea level,
which will make it far more healthy
for Americans.
"It is to be to the Philippines what
Simla is to India and will be of great
benefit -to the islands- The climate
is superb, the location good and. the
new oportunities for men with cap
ital will be very great."
I PHILIPPINE CAPITAL
1 TO BE NEAR 3IAN1LA
' His Retirement From Office Will Set
tle a Row That Has Long Exist
ed Between Ohio Politicians.
WASHINGTON. Auril 9.— The Sec
! retary of the Treasury has received
; the resignation of £. H. Zurhorst as
i Collector of Customs at Sandusky,
j Ohio, to take effect on the appoint
i ment and qualification of his succes
sor.
Zurhorst wag appointed Collector at
Sandusky by the late President Me
j Kinley at the instance of the late Sen
j ator Hanna. Later charges were filed
I against him with the department. He
! was opposed vigorously by Senator
Foraker, who urged upon the Presi
dent the immediate appointment of a
j successor. During Senator Haniia's
lifetime he warmly supported Zur
horst and the case was one of the
acute points of difference . between
Senators Hanna and Foraker. Of late
It has seemed likely that Zurhorst
would not be reappointed, although no
I definite decision, so far as is known
j publicly, has been reached. Both
: Senators Dick and Foraker have had
J conferences with the President ' re
i sardlng the case within a few days.
j By ZurhorstV voluntary act in resign
] ing the offlcefthe case, so far as. he-is
J concerned, 1^ ended. No intimation
j as to ,who may be his successor has
been given.
COLLECTOR OF CUSTOMS
AT SANDUSKY RESIGNS
¦> Following are the officials: President,
Park Michener; first vice president, A.
F. Buermanri; second vice president,
Thomas M. Silbey; secretary, J. C.
Herold;. manager, Frank Flaherty;
board of directors — Frank W. Lucier,
D. E. Conrads. L. Lovell, Samuel C.
Rosenberg, Peter H. Markowitz, Ed.
Morris and C.'C. Hamon; board of buy
ers—James Cunningham, . E. Levy,
Thaddeus McGowen, James Jorgensen
and Max Conn; advertising manager,
Guy Windrem. .'*"-,"'
The new company has purchased the
stock, fixtures, god will and lease of
Nolan Brothers. 612-S14 Market street,
where they will conduct their business.
The store will be closed to-morrow to
take account of stock and the new firm
will begin operations on Thursday
morning. The new scheme has met
with the approval of the labor organi
zations." '
The Right way Shoe Company, a pro
flt-sharing concern, is a new venture
soon to be launched into the business
world. Its progress and its movements
will be watched with interest, because
it is the first institution of such a pre
tentious nature to be undertaken here.
Frank Flaherty, for many years asso
ciated with Rosenthal Brothers, was
the prime mover In starting the
scheme. It is capitalized at $250,000,
divided into 150,000 shares of common
stock and 100,000 shares of preferred.
Of the common stock 50,000 shares is
subscribed for by the working mem
bers of the institution, twenty-five in
number, all /of whom are salesmen
from the different boot and shoe stores
in this city. Of the preferred stock,
50,000 shares will be placed upon the
market, which shares will practically
guarantee 7 per cent. The maximum
salary to any employe shall not exceed
525 per week. . •
After paying dividends on preferred
slock, 60 per cent of the profits then re
maining shall be divided among the
employes pro rata, 20 per cent shall go
into the treasury and the balance will
go to pay dividends . on the common
stock.
Right way Shoe Company
Organized to Do Business
as Profit-Sharing Concern
NEW VENTURE
TO BE TRIED
Park Band Concert.
The programme for to-day's concert
at Golden Gate Park is as follows:
March, "Mam'selle Napoleon" (Lud
ers); Concert Overture in F (Kal
llvoda); "Waltz Stories of the Vienna
Forest" (Strauss); solo for trombone,
"Longing for Home," with variations
(Hartman), Louis Klotz; grand fan
tasie, "Pagllacci" (Leoncavallo) ; over
ture, "Rienzi" (Wagner) ; Chilean
dance, "Manana" (Missud); Grand
Concert Polonaise" (Vldal); descrip
tive fantasia, "On the Plantation"
(Puerner); selection from "The Prince
of Pilsen" (Ludera); "America."
The whistling - by switch engines
which work all night in the railway
yards in and near cities is permitted
in no country other, than America.-
Among those present were persons
associated with library work in Sac
ramento, Stockton, San Francisco,
Oakland, Alameda. Petaluma, Vallejo,
Xapa and elsewhere. The visitors
were laden with wild flowers before
returning to their homes. These were
the gift of the librarian, Miss Kumli.
librarian of the California State Li
brary, delivered an address on "The
State Library and Its Work."
The business session began at 1
o'clock and four papers were pre
sented to the assemblage. The Rev.
Leland D. Rathbone,' trustee of the
local library, spoke on the library' sit
uation in Santa Rosa. Principal E.
Morris Cox of the Santa Rosa schools
presented a paper on "The Value of a
Library t* a Community." Charles S.
Green, librarian of the Oakland Public
Library, spoke on "What a Town Can
Do for a Library," and J. L. Gillis,
branches being used in profusion. The
California room was adorned with
golden poppies and on the lower floor,
where an elaborate luncheon was
served by Miss Bertha Kumli, the lo
cal librarian, mosses and wild flowers
predominated. A drapery of wild
flowers and moss and poppies was
used to separate the banquet hall, and
the different tables were adorned with
distinctive colors, lilies being used on
one, bluebells on another and maiden
hair ferns on the third. Daintily
garbed young ladies waited on the
tables. President Lichtensteln of the
association. President W. D. Rey
nolds Of the local Board of Trustees,
Mr. Ivlmball of San Francisco and
Editor Allen B. Lemmon of the Santa
Rosa Republican made brief addresses
at the luncheon. Mr. Lemmon is
president of the Board of State Li
bran' Trustees.
The library floor proper was attrac
tively decorated with fruit blossoms
in dainty pink and pure white, great
SANTA ROSA. April 9.— The Napa
and Sonoma Valleys Conference Li
brary Association of California held a
meeting here to-day la tne handsome
new Public Library. It was one of
the most interesting sessions of the
association.
Many notables in library work In
California were present and interest-
Ing papers were read to the assem
blage. For the day ail business in the
library was suspended, sare that of
entertaining the visitors, and every
one had a most enjoyable time. Xear
3y all the visitors, numbering over
fifty, came in over the California
North-western road in a special car.
provided by the company for their
pleasure.
Arriving in this city the visitors
were met by a reception committee
and taken on a sight-seeing expedi
tion. A trip was made to the dome of
the Courthouse, from which point of
vantage a splendid panoramic view
¦was obtained of the city and its en
vironment. The beautiful stone li
brary, a gift of Andrew Carnegie, was
inspected by the visitors and many
compliments were bestowed on its in
terior arrangement.
Special XMspetca tt» Tke Call-
Detective E. L. Gibson ; was given
the warrant to serve upon Mrs. Bot
kin. He went to the Branch. County
Jail- and was informed by the matron
that Mrs. Botkin was sick in bed. Gib
son said he would have to serve the
warrant, and the matron retorted that
he would have to assume the responsi
bility for the consequences. Gibson
went to Mrs. Botkln's cell and found
her in bed, with her sister, Mrs. Rob
erts, sitting beside her. Gibson ex
plained the reason for his visit and
Mrs. Botkin said she would waive the
reading of the • contents of the war
rant, which was thereupon served
upon her. She will be brought to
court 'to-morrow morning by a Deputy
Sheriff. {
"Mrs. Botkin," said Gibson, after his
return, "did not seem to me to be sick.
She took the matter coolly. I was
told by the doctor who had been visit
ing her that she was, in his opinion,
shamming. I have not the slightest
doubt but that she will be able to be
in court on Monday morning."
Chief Wittman had an interview
with Jacob Goetjen, one of the jurors
in the case of Mrs. Dunning, yester
day morning in regard to the alleged
attempt to bribe him. • He repeated
to the Chief the tale he had told of a
young man calling at his store and of
fering him 550 to give a verdict for
the defendant, and that four or five
others had been "fixed." He said he
would easily recognize the man again,
and the Chief advised him to keep a
sharp lookout for him and notify the
police at once if he should come across
him.
In ., accordance with his resolution
not to afford Mrs. Cordelia Botkin any
loophole of. escape from the conse
quences of her atrocious crimes. Dis
trict Attorney Byington yesterday
morning prepared a complaint charg
ing her with the murder of Mrs. Ida
Henrietta Deane on August 11, 1898.
Mrs. Deane died through -eating •poi
soned candy sent ,by Mrs. Botkin to
Mrs. John P. Dunning, Mrs. Deane's
sister, to Dover, Del. The warrant was
sworn to before Police Judge Conlan
by Joshua D. Deane, the widower.
The intention is to take the testimony
of the witnesses from Delaware while
they are in this city, and .it can be
read at the trial in the Superior Court,
thereby saving the expense of bringing
them here again in case Mrs. Botkin,
for the second time convicted of the
murder of .Mrs. Dunning, secures a
new trial.
SAN JOSE, April 9.— Fifty tons of
dried prunes will be given away at the
St. Louis exposition to advertise Santa
Clara County's greatest resource. A
practical demonstration of cooking and
serving prunes will be made in the
Santa Clara County buiMlng at the
fain Besides this small cartons of the
prunes and pamphlets containing one
hundred receipts for cooking prunes
will be given to visitors to take home.
The San Jose Grange, Fanners' Club
and the Chamber of Commerce have
taken up the matter and the County
Commissioners to the fair have entered
heartily into the proposed exhibit.
The matter was up before the Grange
to-day. Commissioners Barnett and
V. A. Scheller appeared before that
body and stated that the commission
would donate the space, lights and
5100 a month for the period of six
months for the proposed demonstration
provided the prunes were furnished
and competent parties put in charge.
The Grange decided to go right ahead
with the project, and as the Farmers*
Club Is already pledged to the move
ment, there is no doubt that it will be
carried out.
The solicitation of the vast amount
of fruit needed will now be commenced.
Every gTange and farmers' club in the
county will solicit for fruit for the
demonstration, and the packers have
intimated that they will give large
quantities. It is believed that this will
be the toest advertisement Santa
Clara County can secure.
Sptdal Dispatch to The Call.
Interesting Papers Bead by
Prominent Men and Lunch
Is Served Among Flowers
Granges and Farmers' Club
Begin the Work of Accum
ulating the Vast Shipment
SANTA E0SA THEIR HOST
Jacob Goetjen Repeats, to
Police Chief Wittman Tale
of Attempt to Bribe Him
SHE IS FOUND IN BED
PASO ROBLES, April 9:~ Owing to a
series of minor accidents the special
train bearing the California Promotion
Committee arrived here at 3:30 p. m.,
an hour and a half late, and though
but a brief stop was made many availed
themselves of an oportunity for a hot
sulphur bath. The mammoth hot sul
phur well at the Hotel El Paso de Ro
bles was opened for the gaze of the
visitors after lunch at that hostelry.
The site of the new $100,000 bathhouse
and the various mineral wells and
springs were shown the visitors. A
delegation of local business men met
the visitors at the train and escorted
them about the town. Many expre
sions were heard of the delights of
Southern and Central California and
the enjoyable trip which the excur
sionists were having. The wather has
been unusualy warm for April, but the
country is now at its best.
SALINAS. April 9.— The California
Promotion Committee arrived, here on
its special train at 6:40 this evening.
Owing to a change in the plans of the
excursion a stay of only twenty min
utes was made. The intention of visit
ing the Spreckels Company sugar re-
The day was swelteringly hot for
this section and while it was weather
Joyously welcomed by the rancher and
fruit-grower it was a little uncom
fortable for the San Francisco visitors.
However, the impression on the mem
bers of the committee was most fav
orable and many expression of admi
ration were made for the "city of the
Bishop."
BATHS AT PASO ROBLES.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, April 9. — The
California Promotion Committee vis
ited San Luis Obispo to-day at 1:30
p. m., Just an hour and 30 minutes be
hind the schedule time. The full stop
promised, forty-five minutes, " was
given this place and the drive through
town to points of Interest was made
as planned in carriages. Then the
visitors were returned to the train at
the Ramona Hotel station.
SANTA BARBARA, April 9.— The
excursion of the California Promotion
Committee arrived in Santa Barbara
two and a half hours late on account
of an accident to the engine near
Chatsworth which stalled the entire
special until a passing freight engine
was secured. The party was sched
uled to arrive here at 6 a. m. and re
main until 8:30. The local Chamber
of Commerce «had made extensive
preparations for the entertainment of
the party, including breakfast at the
Potter Hotel and a short drive around
the city.
The visitors were driven to the Pot
ter in tally-hos immediately on their
arrival and a hurried breakfast was
served, but the proposed drive had to
be abandoned, much to the regret of
ell parties. The day was ideal and the
excursionists were much disappointed
at having to make such close conec
tions. The train pulled out of Santa
Barbara at 1 o'clock, one and a half
hours behind schedule time."
REDWOOD CITY, April 9. — The lo
cal Board of Trade and other citizens
of this place will receive the Califor
nia Promotion Committee to-morrow.
The special train carrying the commit
tee is expected to arrive here at 3:20
p. m. and to remain half an hour,
after which it will proceed to San
Mateo. The committee will be shown
to various points of interest here and
will inspect the residence and grounds
of William J. Dingee, who is now the
owner of the famous Hopkins place,
formerly the home of Horace Hawes,
upon which Mr. Dingee has recently
expended $200,000.
SAN JOSE, April 9.— The California
Promotion Committee will be received
by President V. A. Scheller and a
committee from the Chamber of Com
merce on arrival here to-morrow
morning at 9:45. The visitors will be
met at the depot and a welcome ex
tended. They will then be taken for
a trolley ride over the Interurban
Electric Railway to Los Gatos and
Saratoga. . On the return the party
will be taken to the Hotel Vendome
for luncheon. There will be a recep
tion at the Vendome at 12:30 and the
business men will be given a chance
to get acquainted with the committee.
A number of citizens from this city
will accompany the committee to Palo
Alto.
SANTA CRUZ, April 9.— The Califor
nia Promotion Committee was royally
received this evening on arrival on the
special train shortly before 8 o'clock.
The Angel Islan'd band was here in
their honor and the members of the
Santa. Cruz Promotion Committee and
of the Board of Trade gathered at the
Hotel St. George and, headed by the
band, marched down Pacific avenue to
receive. the guests. The special train
stopped just below the Sea Beach Ho
tel and was greeted with music. The
visitors were given a dinner at the Sea
Beach Hotel. The dining-room and the
tables were decorated with flowers in
their honor. After dinner came the re
ception, and from half-past 8 to 10 citi
zens in great numbers called and paid
their respects to the visitors. On the
veranda was stationed the Angel Isl
and band, which discoursed music. A
number of stereopticon views, showing
all the principal points of interest in
the^'county and vicinity, all of which
were beautifully colored and are to be
displayed throughout the State next
week, when the local committee is to
tour the entire State in the interest of
New Santa Cruz, and are to be accom
panied on the trip by the Angel Island
band. The party remains here to
night.
GARDEN CITY PREPARED.
WATSONVILL.E. April 9.— The com
mittee appointed by the Pajaro Valley
Board of Trade to arrange for the re
ception of the members of the Califor
nia Promotion Committee found that
the limited stop of the train would not
permit of a lengthy entertainment. In
order to crowd all the hospitality possi
ble into the half hour of time, a recep
tion was arranged at the depot. This,
too, proved a disappointment. The
train was so late that the . immense
crowd dwindled to a very few repre
sentatives of the Board of Trade, who
remained to load the valley's offerings
into the train on its arrival at 8:15
o'clock. These were of fruit, flowers
and descriptive and statistical litera
ture.
finery was not -carried out. The Pro
motion Committee was met by Mayor
Thomas Renison and a delegation rep
resenting Salinas Cit^ and the local
Board of Trade. All the members ex
pressed themselves as heartily satis
fled with the excursion./
SPECIAL BEHIND TIME.
FIFTY TONS TO BE SENT
Special Dispatch to This Call.
Members of the Conference
Association in Napa and
Sonoma Valleys in Session
Santa Clara County Proposes
en Interesting Method of
Advertising at St. Louis
She Is Accused of Murder
of Mrs. Ida Deane by Send
ing Her Poisoned Candy
Special Train Containing San Francisco Business Men
Speeds From Los Angeles to Santa Gruz, ;. Making Brief
Stops at Towns En Route and Noting Signs of Prosperity
SPEAKERS LAUD
LIBRARY WORK
DRIED PRUNES
FOR THE FAIR
NEW WARRANT
FOR MRS. BOTKIN
PROMOTION COMMITTEE
COMPLIMENTS CITIZENS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 190*.
26
CHANCES FOR ADVANCE-
MENT OCCUR DAHjY.
You may find jour chance ia
our classified columns. '
Our HELP ads are HELPFUL.
ADVERTISEMENTS. j
EliECTXtO-CSEMISTBT CTTSE8
Children are cured by Slectro-Chemls-
trr Quickly, painlessly and cheaply ox
Catarrh. Buaniaar Ears and Deafness.
As a rule children are afraid of the doo-
tor. but er-cry eMll taking- tne Electro-
Cbeinic treatment Is not at all afraid, as
from the very start a« s«es that he is not
to toe hurt. Electro-Chemistry shows
marvelous curative effects tn children
who have inherited weak constitutions.
Children with BAD BLOOD, SALLOW
SKIKS. SCEOFULA, predisposition to
TUBERCULOSIS, are nuilt up. made
strong and the blood is purified simply
because Slectro-Chemistry places oxy-
»ren directly into the blood stream with
the effect of increasing- the red blood
and. at the same time, the circulation to
every orjran is strengthened. Any
mother who has a child which is Inclined
to be sickly and badly nourished is wel-
come to brin$r the little sufferer to us for
a thorough examination. We will also
rive the child a full treatment to dem-
onstrate how this wonderful new treat-
ment cures cases "f this variety.
¦ ¦* *•'"'*' ¦- '*'¦ -"' -'''" "«*\^ '- <¦" **""- "". .'¦ ' >.<**• f^JTffira^p-"* lp ¦ ' ¦' ' ' -x -¦' ]
* *jSbl^j^' > '¦ "V" ' rf<W|*'" ' *K*fi ' ¦ ' -"¦ '/ 4
C^^'.^y2&»Ntf3^v£ '"™*^ i^S- i* ' '¦''"' •&¦ sS&s <'^*^' ¦ V ' ''¦.'¦"¦': ¦* ' :': j
Sdwin and Arthur Peterson, sons of Mr.
Gecrsre Peterson, 2X52 Shattuck
Arc Berkeley, CaL
The above picture is of the two bright
little sons of Mr. Georpo Peterson, a
well-known shoe merchant cf 2162 Shat-
tuck Ave., Berkeley, CaL These two little
beys were being; made miserable by a ca-
tarrhal trouble that was affectlns; them
seriously. The Catarrh was affecting-
the nose, throat and chest, and it was
destroying their appetites and weaken-
lnjr them In every way. Mr. Peterson de-
cided that he would place both of his
children under the Electro-Chemic treat-
ment and they both Improved very rap-
Idly from the very start of it. Mr. Pe-
terson would bt very glad to tell any
parent interested in the Electro-Chemic
treatment Just what it did for his two
use little boys.
ELECTRO-CHEMIC SPECIALTIES.
The reason why the Electro-Chemic
treatment is fo popular with all patients
who have tak^n it is bpcauso the cura-
tive effects are so prompt. Right from
the very start of thp treatment the ma-
jority of cases show wonderful progress.
This is particularly so in Catarrh, Con-
sumption. Asthma, Bronchitis, Deafness,
Oisffisr Ears, Discharging- and Painful
Ear*. Diseases of the Stomach, Liver,
Kidneys and Bowels, Diseases of the
erervous System, Kheumatism. Xfeural-
rla. Locomotor Ataxla and Paralysis. In
special diseases of women, in those bad
cases in which no medical tr^atmrnt has
the least curative effect, the patient from
the very Btart of the Klectro-Chemip
treatment finds herpplf growing strong-
er and the pains in the back and in the
lower abdomen quickly disappear. The
bearin«r-down sensation, the headaches,
sick stomach, the dizziness and awful
nervousness yield to the treatment from
the start. 'Misplaced Orgnss, Zrreg-ular-
lties, Tumors and Cancers are cured by
this wonderful treatment as by no oth«»r.
The most wonderful result of Electro-.
Chemistry in th*> treatment of diseases
jf women is the frequency with which it
rures patients that have b«en advised by
Iheir family physicians to go to the sur-
teon for an operation. In special dln-
•a#es of men the results are equally
prompt and curative. Men who have
•ound no relief from any other treatment
ilnd that they can be quickly cured by
Slectro-Chrmistry of Weakness, Prosta-
:itls. Varicoccle, Stricture and Nerve
Exhaustion.
We have separate and private apart-
r.ents for our lady and gentleman pa-
:ient«. and to all sufferers, no matter
n'hat their trouble may be. we extend a
•ordlal invitation to call upon us for
T-~ir\r^Y^ CONSULTATION*,
I-* tJ l-< |-« KXAMINATION-
* IVmU R nd TREATMENT.
HOME TREATMENT.
The Electro-Chemie hom« treatment is jurt
# duccetuful as the office treatment. Patient*
Ivinr *t a distance who cannot come for a
»r»onal examination are advUed to send in a
till description of their lymptores. and Cull ln-
tructlcna rer&rdlnr borne examination and
rrextatnt will be promptly forwarded. :
ELEGTRO-CHEMIC INSTITUTE
118 6rant Are., Cor. Pest St.
SAN* FRANXISCO.
Office hour» — 0 a. tn. to fi p. m. and 7 to 8
. m. Ctlly: Sunday*, 10 a- tx>. to 1 p. tn. .
kMriu aj> artmeau tor iafiles nz.C stniltrr.cn.
FISHING— HUNTING
The Fishing at Bartlett Promises to Be
Unusually Good This Season,
As the trout planted in the near-by streams
durinic the past years have attained their
growth. • '
If you are a saort come to Barflett and
enjoy yourself.
The services of Guide Crabtree, who con-
ducted the successful bear hunts of last
year, with the best bear dogs on the coast,
can be obtained by these who desire to
hunt bear.
RATES $12 to $17.50 per week
Write J. K. McMAHAN, Bartlett Springs,
Cal.. or call at 2 Sutter Street, San Fran-
cisco.
HOT SPRINGS, SONOMA
Qlf/lf*/2Q COUNTY; only 4M> hours
OA/lVvU from San Francisco and
but 0 miles staging; wa-
ters noted for medicinal virtues; best natural
hot mineral water bath in State; boating and
swimming in Warm Springs Creek: good trout
streams; telephone, telegraph, daily mail. ex-
Dress and San Francisco morning and evening
papers- FinST-CLASS HOTEL AND STAGE
SERVICE; both mornins*and afternoon stazei;
round trip from San Francisco only $5 &0. Take
Tiburon ferry daily at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m.
Rates ?2 a day or $12 a week. References, any
guest of the past nine years. Patronage of
1003 unprecedented. Information at Peck s In-
formation Rureau. 11 Montgomery St.. or of
J. F. MULGREW, Skaggg. Cal. *
CAMP=^
VACATION
The hotel under canvas on the Rus-
sian River, near* Guerneville. will open
May 1. MRS. L,. C. CNOPIUS.
Own Sillier Hero S icnoml n c.. Camp Meeker
Pure water, equable climate, lota selling $10
up; cottages built by Meeker,- $50 up; depot;
ctores: restaurant;, hotel; post and express;
telephone; sawmill ; ttOO lots sold: 300 cottages
built. Sausalito ferry. N. 8. R. R. 11 C.
MEEKER, Camp Meeker, Sonoma County.
Napa Soda Springs.
The famous mountain health and pleasure
resort Is now ouen for the patronage of the
public. Address - JOHN JACOBS.
LOS GATOS.
- HOTEL LYNDON — Modern Improvements,
exterstve grounds; popular amusements; lawn
tennis, ' croquet: climate unsurpassed. Opposite
depot. J- P. MOGENSON. Prop.
TUXEDO HOTEL.
Extensively Improved since last season.
Opens April 1. -THOS. L. BELL. Mart.. Felton.
Cal. " Buy tickets to Tuxedo, narrow-gauge,
foot of' Market street. Round trip. ?:.0O.
DCDfiCFTPIM Delightfully situated in the
DEKUJllCliU Santa Cruz Redwoods. Rates
$7 and $S per week. For circulars address G.
F. BIEDENWEG. R. D. 121. Santa Crux. CaL
ROCKT Kails Farm. 4 miles from Santa. Cruz. I
in nits. U.M.Shlppey.Ul R.F.D.,Sntii Cruz.
THE GEYSERS
The Most Famous Health and Plsasuxa
Resort ia California. : - . ;
THE CLIMATE AND SCENERY are nnsur-
passed and the waters are acknowledged the
best on the market. Natural mineral, steam
and liammam baths: Swimming- laks of tepid
mineral water. . iioatlnsr, hunting, flshlnff.
danetnK. shuffle-board, billiards and croquet.
THE HOTEL, AND COTTAGEt have been
renovated throughout, and new cottages and a
flne pavilion built this year.
There will be a. fully equfpped dairy and llr.
ery stable. in connection .with the hotel. The
hotel,' tfottagss, baQi houses and grounds ara
llfrhted by electricity. -
The hotel will be supplied with the be«t the
market affords. Rates. $10, $12. $14 and $1«
per week. For further particulars and booklet
write R. H. CURRY. Prop. The Geysers.
Sonoma County, California.
VACATION 1904
IS NOW READY FOR DISTRIBUTION.
"VACATION" is issued an-
nually by the
California Northwestern R'y
THE PICIUaiSQUS aOUTB CT CALIFOIIHU .
and is the standard publication
on the Pacific Coast for informa-
tion regarding:
MINERAL SPRING RESORTS*
COUNTRY HOMES AMD FARMS
WHERE SUMMER BOARDERS
ARE TAKEN, AND SELECT CAMP-
ING SPOTS.
This year's -edition. "Vacation
1904," contains over 150 pases. ,,
beautifully illustrated, and ia
complete In Its detailed Informa-
tion as to location, accommoda-
tions, attractions, etc., : with
terms from $7.00 per .week up.
" To be had at Ticket Offices. 630 Market
Street (Chronicle Building), and Tlburon Ferry,
foot of Markat Street; General Office, Mutual
Life Building, corner of Sansome and California
Streets. San Francisco.
Application i by Hail Will Ktceiva im-
mediate Sesponse.
H. C. WHITING, Gen'l ilanager.
R. X RYAN, Gen'l Pass'r Agent.
CADnP^Q OFCT Forde> " R * st> ' n «art of Santa
rUKUC JftCjI Cruz Mt», S. P. C. R. R..
round trip $3; enlarged; surrounded by two ro-
mantic trout streams; flshinjr. hunting, bath-
ing; a picturesque -place. Adults $« SO p«r
week, children half price. W. C. FORDE, Ec-
clcs. Cal. . ¦ -
WELL ML, WOODWORK'S ?!?»&
No fog\ Purest spring water. Climate natnrni
tcnic and tnvlgorator. Residence 2» years. $7
per week. Woodworth & Muller. St.Helcna.CaL
The WeeflyCaU
Si per Year*
AJVEBTISEMEMTS. ., ,: - ', • . , --'. : .
Special for just three days — Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday. The regular price is $30, and the
rugs are worth every cent of that figure. Made by
the famous Bigelow mills and measure 9 by 12 feet.
In a big variety of effective patterns, including
Orientals, florals, scrolls, elc. Like, Body Brussels ,
carpet, the yarn which forms the surface of these
rugs is woven through to the back, and not until
worn to the floor will they become threadbare. For
the dining-room, library or living room these floor .
coverings are particularly suitable. Come before
Wednesday night if you want one at the special
(Formerly the California Furniture Co.)
261 to 281 Geary Street, at Union Square
ADVERTISEMENTS.
i**£*]s^^9S2S^ * w sstf jgMJB oHldXTtok cKf Hb bB Bm8 f •
Probably more SMITH Wf jS^^M^M^^S^^l
& BARNES P 1^ 05 !^^^
other make. It is a piano %/jf JJ^^W^^^^L Bb gi|
pianists. It always pleases— it never fails *
to delight. Buy one on our easy payment 3^R^BHw^^^^&
931-933 Market St., San Francisco
Other stores—^Oakland. Sacramento, San Jose, Eureka, Fresno
and San DieRO.
. The Mauvals Music Company Is now established in~our bulldlr.r. -For' sheet
. music, buoks ami small musical* Instruments address them.Itailrond Alan Dies of Pneumonia.
WASHINGTON. April 9.— William
A. Turk, passenger traffic manager of
the Southern Railway, died here to
night of pneumonia.
WASHINGTON, April 9.— The
cruiser Buffalo and the torpedo-boat
flotilla commanded by Lieutenant
Chandler left Singapore to-day for
Cavite. P. L. thus entering on the. last
stretch of Its long voyage from Hamp
ton Road?.
Cruiser Buffalo Leaves Singapore.
SANTA CRUZ, April 9.— The Big
Creek Power Company of this city has
acquired five acres of land in Watson
ville, near the river, on what is known
as the old Palmer place. The com
pany will operate an independent
plant, and in its construction about
$100,000 will be expended.
Power Plant for Watsonrlllc.
The motion to lay on the table was
carried— ayes 102, noes 100, the Speaker
recording his vote. Messrs. Cushman
(Republican), McCall (Republican) and
Littlefield (Republican) voted with the
Democrats against the motion to lay
on the table.
Williams, in commenting on the vote,
said it was so close he would ask a
recapitulation. The clerk thereupon
read the names of the members voting
for and against the proposition. The
recapitulation resulted in the Republi
cans securing one extra vote, the cor
rected vote standing ayes 103, noes 100.
one expected that the dome of the
Capitol would fall In.
After remarks by Messrs. Calderhead
of K%n3as and Hepburn of Iowa, Dal
zell moved the previous question, which
was adopted. The vote then recurred
on the recommendation that the Cock
ran resolution lie on the table. On a
rising vote — 103 to 92— the resolution
was ordered to be laid on the table.
Williams of Mississippi demanded the
ayes and noes, which were ordered.
Littlefield of Maine and McCall of Mas
sachusetts voted with the Democrats
with the rising vote.
De Armond referred to the recent
challenge of Grosvenor regarding the
Postofflce Department that if some of
them would make a specific charge
concerning a matter which should be
investigated there would be an In
vestigation and said that this clearly
showed that the House had abdicated
its rights and provisions.
Lacey of Iowa said when President
Roosevelt issued his executive order
to which Cockran had alluded, inter
preting the act of^June 27, 1890, no
HAS ABDICATED ITS RIGHTS.
had rendered a sensible definition of
the terms of the laws relating to the
degree of ability to perform manual
labor. Grosvenor declared that he
believed the country will approve of
the order and that also the soldiers of
the country will approve it and he
also expressed the belief that when
the deficiency bill is reported it will
contain an appropriation which will
be approved by a majority of the
House, to meet the additional increase
in the cost of pensions under the Pres
ident's construction of the law.
The art of jiujutsu differs from
wrestling in that victory Is won not
on the theory of strength against
strength, but in yielding to strength.
It includes throwing heavily to the
ground, choking the throat, holding
down on the ground or pushing and
pinning to the wall; also the twisting
or bending of arms, legs or fingers in
such a way that the opponent cannot
bear the pain.
The President has taken a few pre
liminary lessons himself and expects,
when time is available, to take more.
Meantime he has had the Navy De
partment send a letter to Superintend
ent Brownson of the Annapolis Naval
Academy, directing that Japanese ex
parts be employed to Introduce Jiujutsu
as part of the athletic training of the
midshipmen. There are several in
structors in Jiujutsu now in Washing
ton. .'A-S
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL. BARTON,
WASHINGTON, April 9. — The art of
jlujutsu, a species of Japanese wrest
ling, has been Investigated by Presi
dent Roosevelt, with the result that
he has recommended that It bo taught
to the officers and men of the Ameri
can army and navy.
Special Dispatch to The Ca!l.
"I suppore your calm, neutral. Judi
cial-minded President would have
taken refuse behiod the constitution,
and would have done nothing. Not so,
thank God, with Theodore Roosevelt.
But for the President's action every
city in the country would have been
the .«cene of violence and rioting."
Spooner wondered that Gorman had
not attacked the President's record in
connection with the anthracite coal
strike in 1902. He dwelt on the bene
ncial result of his interference, and
added:
He charged the Democrats in both
houses with having adopted as a party
slogan the declaration that "Roose
velt must be beaten."
WHERE THE PEOPLE STAND.
"And I think," he said, "that, what
ever our friends on the other side of
the chamber may find to say of the
President, the great mass of the people
will agree with me that from the be
ginning he has shown that he will not
tolerate wrongdoing in any official,
high or low."
Spooner said it would have been im
possible for the Senate to make as
complete an investigation as Bristow
had made under the President's direc
tion.
Spooner paid a high tribute to Payne,
who, he said, had been unjustly ma
ligned more than any other official In
a number of years. Spooner put into
the record a letter from the President
to Payne commending him for the work
he had dene in connection with the
nostofnee investigation.
Speaking of the charges of corrup
tion, Spooner advanced the idea that
there is much less of it now than in
former years. He did not believe, for
instance, that a "credit mobilier" scan
dal would be possible in the Congress
of to-day.
Consideration of the postoffice bill
was then resumed and Spooner ad
dressed the Senate. He expressed the
opinion that much had been said con
cerning the postoffice situation for
partisan purposes and expressed sur
prise that Simmons, for instance
should have said that the Postoftice
Department inquiry was "reluctantly
begun."
URGES CAUTION IN SPEECH.
"What we sav here goes into the
permanent record," said Spooner. "If
we cast reflections upon any person
or official of the Government, they are
for all time. We are supposed to
speak from a high standard."
Continuing, he read from the Pres
ident's report on the investigation to
show that there had been no hesitancy
on the part of the officials of the Post
office Department to undertake the in
vestigation and declared that there
had been nothing in the record of the
department to impeach the fidelity of
the Postmaster General.
and 1880. and laid down the general
proposition that no treaty entered into
for mere temporary purposes could be
held to abrogate permanent treaties.
He again declared that unless there
was new legislation the country would
be without prohibitive legislation af
ter December T next.
Lodge then yielded to Patterson, to
make an addition to his speech of yes
terday on the Chinese exclusion act.
lie made especial reply to the conten
tion of other Senators that the treaty
with China of 1S9 4 had had the ef
fect of repealing the treaties of 1S6S
When the postoffice apropriatlon biil
was again taken up Lodge made a
statement covering the facts relating
to canceling machines used In the
Postonlce Department. Referring to
Eristow's report. Lodge said it might
be inferred from It that a large part
of the fund for machines had been
corruptly used, but this was not true,
as the expenditure was for additional
machines.
The bill for the aid of the Portland
exposition and the Philippine coastwise
shipping bill were passed finally by ao
cepting the House amendments.
1TXD NOT CORRUPTLY USED.
No progress was made on the post
c2!ce bill. The conference report on
the Ind!cn appropriation bill was par
tially read, but further consideration
was postponed on the suggestion that
the conferees had inserted provisions
that had net been passed on by either
house.
WASHINGTON, April 9. — In the Sen
ate to-day Spooner replied to tho
Democratic strictures on the conduct
of the Postofllce Department and also
traversed quite an extensive political
fle!d. He indorsed the course of the
Postmaster General in connection with
the Irregularities of his department
and charged that the effort on the part
of tha Democratic Senators to secure
a. Congressional Inquiry was in the In
terest of party politic*. He also de
fended the President against the
charge of violating: the lav.' which, he
said, had been made by the Democrats,
declaring that in nothing 'was the
President so much distinguished as In
his determination to enforce the law.
Popular Confidence in Roose
velt Will Be Shown at
the Polls in November
Takes Preliminary Lessons
Himself and Will Continue
to Study the Method
HAVE NO FOUNDATION
PRESIDENT INTERESTED
If this condition was hopeless, he
said, amid more Democratic applause,
"if we cannot rescue ourselves from
the degradation and decrepitude into
which we seem to be hurrying, then
we better leave the condition to be la-
In sarcastic vein he declared that the
President allowed Congress the privi
lege of declaring war, and he was
loudly applauded by the Democrats
when he added, "but the Presidfent
makes war when he chooses."
DIGNITY OF THE HOUSE.
After attacking what he declared to
be the President's usurpation of power
of interpretation, in which he said that
the order should not be retroactive,
Cockran appealed to members on both
sides to "consider the enormity of this
proposal," which he said affected the
liberty and safety of the Government.
In his opinion the steady decline in
the dignity of the House had attracted
much attention. :^ •¦
By one stroke of the pen, he declared,
the President had appropriated $6,000,
000, and he said it was a matter with
which Congress must deal if it has any
regard for its own powers or if it be
animated by a shadow of loyalty for
the constitution which created it. He
vigorously asserted that we are here
"at the parting of the ways," and in
quired that if this order be tolerated
without protest by the House, "what
power is there that the executive order
cannot usurp? What fragment of con
trol over the country's purse?"
Continuing, he said that this pretense
of interpretation of the law is but a
hollow mockery and play of words, and
added "it is known by the man who
wrote it, as is shown by the order it
self."
When Cockran began speaking he
was warmly applauded fcnd he at once
commanded the closest attention of
members of both sides of the House.
He said the resolution was offered sole
ly to vindicate the dignity of the
House. He did not, he said, question
the propriety of paying liberal pensions
to Federal soldiers, but he declared
that the basis of these payments should
be the laws of Congress and "not any
self-conrtituted authority." If, he said,
the President's order is recognized by
the House, "what fragment of power is
left to tne House?"
COCKRAX IS APPLAUDED.
The debate occurred on a resolution
introduced by Cockran directing the
Committee on the Judiciary to investi
gate the recent pension order. It had
been reported from the Committee, on
Rules with a recommendation that it
lie on the table, and this was adopted
by the narrow majority of three votes —
the Speaker having his vote recorded in
the affirmative. Three Republicans-
Messrs." Cushman of Washington, Lit
tlefield of Maine and McCall of Massa
chusetts—voted with the. Democrats
against tabling the resolution.
The President and Secretary of the
Interior found warm supporters in
Dalzell, Grosvenor,' Gibson, Calderhead,
Lacey and. Hepburn. The first named
maintained that it made no difference
how many millions of dollars were in
volved in the President's order, because
the Secretary of the Interior distrib
uted the money voted by Congress pui
suant to the ruies of evidence estab
lished by the Pension Bureau.
Grosvenor believed that the country
and the old soldiers would approve the
order, and, that the money necessary
for putting it into effect would be in
cluded in the forthcoming deficiency
bill.
srrpoirr' the president.
WASHINGTON', April 9.— The reesnt
executive order of the President relat
ing to ajre as evidence of pensionable
disability to-day furnished the text
for an Impassioned appeal by AY.
T3ourke Cockran of New York to lha
memberr of the House to uphold the
dignity of that body by refusing to
submit to what he alleged to be the
usurpation of the legislative authority
of Conjrress by the executive.
In anticipation of Mr. Cockran's
epedeh almost even* s«a» "on the floor
was occupied and the galleries were
flllod to overflowing. Cockntn held his
«udi«nr? throughout, end his remarks
frequently wore p\mctunted with loud
apnlauso from both sides of tho cham
ber. He characterized tho President's
interpretation of the lr.v.* as "hollow
mockery and a play of words," and
said that this was known by the man
who wrot« it, ns Bhov.-n by the order
itself. I7«s declared that Congress, on
account of its pusillanimous failure to
do its duty to itself, had lost caste—
so much so that the newspapers of the
country outside of Washington now
print only a paragraph or- two of its
proceedings. The action of the Presi
dent. h«± aald, had been justified by tho
Secretary of the Interior by tho pre
cedent of Grover Cleveland. "But if
that be so, then in God's name let us
condemn that net of Cleveland's as
vehemently ap the act of any Republi
can President." The disposition to
justify everything "because Cleveland
did it." he said, was the highest com
pliment that could be paid to a man
by Congress: but the confidence which
Cleveland enjoys, he asserted, only
adds to the danger of the act, and does
not lessen it.
Dalzell, replying to Cockran, said he
could cite countless instances when the
House again and again had asserted
its right against the claims of the Sen
ate, and always successfully. It had,
he said, taken Cockran eleven years to
discover that there was an invasion
of the archives of the House. Con
cerning the pension order, Dalzell
maintained that it did not make any
difference how many millions were in
volved by • the order. Congress, he
said, turned over to the Secretary of
the Interior a lump sum for pensions
based upon the Secretary's estimates,
to be distributed under the law -and
pursuant to the rules' of evidence of
the board by the Pension * Bureau.
Therefore, he argued, the amount of
money involved cut no figure in the
resolution under , discussion.
The President and Secretary, of the
Interior found another defender in
Grosvenor of Ohio, who said that they
He closed, amid a storm of applause,
by appealing to both sides of the
House to unite on a declaration of
rights "beyend which the aggression
of the Senate or of the executive shall
not go."
As Cockran took his seat he was
surrounded by members of both par
ties, who warmly congratulated him,
and it was some time before order was
DALZELIi MAKES REPLY.
He further attacked the rules of the
House, which, he said, forced members
to rise and discuss questions having no*
reference to the bill under considera
tion, "thus reducing the whole proceed
ing to the level of opera bS*jffe."
Reverting to the President's order,
Cockran contended that the Secretary
cf the Interior justified the action upon
the precedent of President Cleveland.
'.'Well, sir," he said, pacing up and
down the center aisle, "if that be so,
then in God'6 name let us condemn
that act of Mr. Cleveland's as vehe
mently as the act of any Republican
President. The disposition to justify
almost everything by pleading that
'Mr. Cleveland did it' is the highest of
compliments that can be paid to a man
by any Congress in our political his
tory."
Continuing, he' said: "You tell us
Mr. Cleveland did it, and therefore it
must be regular. If this act was com
mitted by Mr. Cleveland the confi
dence which he enjoys adds to its dan
ger and does not lessen it."
He attacked the rules of the House
and said that if the members were not
to be trusted "we ought to be abol
ished."
ATTACKS RULES OF HOUSE.
Raising his voice to a high pitch, he
said that the House "is the sanctuary
of our constitutional temple. We are
the priests to whom it is entrusted, and,
he added (pointing his finger at the
Speaker), "you, sir, are the high priest
responsible for the method in which
that trust shall be discharged."
He referred to attempts made by
England to usurp the legislative
authority and declared that the Presi
dent's order was the usurpation of
power, "not by appropriation, but by
interpretation," which he attributed to
the "pusillanimous failure of Congress
to do' its duty to itself."
Congress had control of the purse,
and if it would exercise that control, he
insisted, every privilege that belonged
to it would come back. He dwelt at
length on the inalienable right of the
House to originate revenue bills, and
urged the members to assert that right.
' He then Hayed the members for per
mitting the Senate to grow up at the
expense of the House, by persistently
asserting its rights. He charged that
ths House had been remiss In its duty
in not asserting its rights.
He received vociferous applause from
both sides of the chamber when he de
clared, notwithstanding Speaker Can
non^; . utterances, that public opinion
must come to the rescue of Congress,
"the public opinion of the United
States is here. We are its agents, its
creation."
merited rather than to be discussed."
Tears, he said, belonged to women
for conditions which were helpless,,
while discussion belonged to men. The
dignity and power of the House, he
maintained, were within the control of
its'own members, "and," he said," "it
nreds but loyalty on our part to restore
us not merely to an important, but to
a dominant position."
The Congress,, he declared, had so
lost casto that to-day. there was not a
pappr outeide of Washington that gave
more than one or two paragraphs
about its proceedings. In stentorian
tones he demanded to know "why has
thi3 decline come upon' us? Why has
this decrepitude overtaken us?"
Continuing, he inquired if it * were
possible that the House' must confess
now thnt its last Intrenchment has
been made "by a subordinate execu
tive officer," and said that the con
tempt v/hlch had been extended to the
House and the violation of its rights
constituted the measure of respect, at
tention and submission which it de
served. Amid an outburst of Demo
cratic epplause, he declared that when
the Ilou3e shall stand on its rights,
"the greater will be the security of
liberty and the wider the progress of
humanity." , . i
FLAYS Till-: MEMBERS.'
Japanese "System of Wrest
ling Is to Be Taught
at the Annapolis Academy
Senator Says Attacks Upon
the President Are 3Iade
for Their Political Effect
Calls Upon Members of the House to Uphold the Dignity
of That Body by Refusing to Submit to Executive Order
Relating to Age as Evidence of Pensionable Disability
SPOONER FLATS
THE MINORITY
TARS TO LEARN
JIUJUTSU ART
BOURKE COCKR AN MAKES
AN IMPASSIONED APPEAL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 3901.
27
ADVEBTIBEMENTSw
SAVINGS AVERAGE A THIRD IN THIS ~~
GREAT SPRING SALE
of SILKS, DRESS GOODS, SUITS,
SKIRTS, JACKETS and WAISTS.
Everything offered in the above named lines is new — just re- 1
ceived for spring trade. Here is an unheard of opportunity to save
money and get the new spring, stylish goods at the same time.
A GREAT SILK SALE.
32-INCH SELF-COLORED PONGEES— The latest for waists/and
suits. A good 50c material. Special, per yard 3Qr
19-INCH BLACK TAFFETA— Soft finish. Regularly 65c jQ r
per yard. Special price per yard frOl*
FANCY SILKS— We make a special offering for this week in fancy-
silks for shirt waist suits in the newest weaves and colors — a
great variety of the latest and most desirable season's novelties.
Regular value 8j5c to $1.00 a yard. Sale price, per yard.. fZtZf*
Safe of Dress Goods. Readyto-VVear Garments.
$1.00 BLACK PANNE CHEV- $20.00 ETAMINE SUITS $14.75
IOT 59c YARD — All wool — —Fancy mixed tailor made
extra weight — sponeed and suit, eton style, shoulder capes,
shrunk. Width 52 inches. trimmed with band of cloth to
Warranted fast black. Recu- match — large assortment of
larly $1.00 yard. Spe- CQ r light and dark mixtures to se-
cial price OzrL> j ect f rom . Regularly $20.00.
$1.50 BLACK SATIN VENE- Special price.... qij yr
TIAN 96c YARD— Full 54 MO
inches * — all-wool: rich fast <ft vr»TT tt cvtwt *r««
color— sponged and shrunk: $8 '5° J 01^ SKIRT $6.00—
nice heavy quality for Swell f B ! ack voile dress skirt, fane*
tailor suits. Recuiarlv Q* n trimmed with straps of silk at
$1.50 yard. Special price VOC top and bottom of skirt full
EXTRA-40 pieces Scotch mixed |-8ore flare. Regularly $8.50.
cheviots; all-wool -width .-,8 Special price $6.00
inches; all the new spring col- '" '"1U '*""'*" „ .
orings— with the latest silk $10.50 JACKET $8.00— Tailor-
knob effect in contrast color- \ made tan covert cloth jacket.
ings— tans, grays, reds, modes, tailor stitched, collars and
\ greens, new blues, etc., also cuffs; strap seams; silk lined,
some, new black and white ef- Regularly $10.50. CO nn
fects. Every yard ' of them Special price *pu.UU
worth 75c; for this week y£Q n $2-75 SILK WAIST $1.95— White
special, yard India silk waists — tucked and
All dress goods bought here lace trimmed front and full
sponged and shrunk free of pouch sleeve. Regularly $2.75.
charge. Samples sent on applica- Special price C/ OC
tion. ' yi.yo
SALB OF FANCY RIBBON.
35c FANCY RIBBON asc — We were very fortunate in securing a
beautiful line of the latest novelties in Dresden ribbon, also
a' line of ombre satin stripe brocade ribbons. These two lines
have never been shown before, they are elegant — as a special
— both lines will be sold at the special price per yard.
ADVSBTISEMENTS. "
/^rf& WHAT IS A SAPPH
/ Jy^ ' jt "" DIAMOND?
/»\- /\i;\ Tf 1 E QEMS YOU SEE EVERY DAY
fej&X^ J&jl&E^ AND THINK THEY ARE GENUINE.
' — .' - 7. The experts concede them to be so near.
MATuRB'3 rtOSt ¦ SCIENCE ': , , , ' . ,. ,. ', ' -¦
precious works- the real that they are in a class distinctly
. nrNtRAu wonders' of their .own. The . only, gem known to
science to rival the genuine in HARDNESS, BRILLIANCY AND
PRISMATIC FIRE. Never- sold uiicer elect; ic, lights.:.;
The Sapph Diani5nd is for sale only at thejpalaces under the direct
tion of the WORLD'S GREATEST DIAMOND ). IMITATOR, JOHN C.
DAVIDSON, who has but one store on the Pacific Goast, 124 KEARNY
STREET, S.F..CAL. V
Send stamp for a Jiandsome ¦ booklet, a of this phenom-',
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;j
[b.katshskiI
5 Philadelphia Shoe Co. i
I 10 THIRD STREET, SAN FRtNCiSCO I
h AOJolnixur Call B^ildlar. i
I PATENT BLUCHERS.
I SUMMER STYLES. I
¦ Summer :? nigh, and sre you j
t£j prepared for it? Have yon sc- j
M lected jour Footwear? If not, 1
y do not overlook this chance, !
U for "\ve are offering srreat bar- j
m gains this week. \Ve can fit j ;
H you out in any style of Oxford, ;
it Vici Kid. Patent Colt or Can- j
H vas. We carry the best se- j
S lected stock in this city, and
R here is our first warm weather !
g special: Ladies' Coolie Cloth '
n (Canvas) Oxford Ties, coin :
}q toes and tips, turned soles and i
ft French heels. AND THE
I PRICE ONLY 91.35. Sizes j
B 2V2 to 7Y2* 'widths A to E. i
White Canvas Oxfords 1
For the children and younp la- ra j
dies: White Canvas Oxford Ties. H
cola toes ar.d tips and durable f
soles. The child's sizes have 1
! Kprinic: heels, and the misses' and F
young ladles" have the new low C
• Hat heels. Widths C and D. h
• Child'* sizes. 6 to 11 !)5t« I
I Misses' sizes. 1 1 14 to J.'iT.<H.15 H
Young Ladies", 2 x i to 5. . . .$1.25 |
Lates't Startler Style.
1 J-adirs' Patent Leather Blucher
1 Oxford Tics, with vie! kid quar-
| ters. plain stylish coin toes, hand-
I turned soles, with heavy. s«;uare
1 edgm and French heels. A.3TZ) THE
1 PRICE OSXY $1.7O- Worth
5 JJ.50. Sizes Zhi to T^; widths
I A to E.
j Men's Tan Lace Shoes
W This season's style: Men's Tan
M Russian Oa!f Lace Shoes, with
§4 stylish, up-to-d&te tors and tips,
tl sowed soles, and guaranteed for
fl wear. Sizes* SVi to 11; widths B
\ to E. THE PEICE 82.3O-
B __
£j COSZTS CTTEED FBEE. *^~
H* If you are BuJTerinpr come to us.
n Don"t hesitate. We can give you
K rclipf. A trial will convince, and
fa at no cost.
p Send for our New Illustrated
R Catalogue. .
B. KATSGHiNSKl
'fi Philadelphia Shoe Co. \
H 10 THIED ST. . San Francisco. :
g?5f!S W E /\ !<: 7V\ E IN
,«JiW£2 UK HALLS HEINVIGORATOn
Jijil BcT eto|>s iiil lo»»ea iiTi-J unnatural di^-
I \ clia.r;cb in -4 hours. You seel aa
MS EK lici'ruven>f:nt Irom tho first di ;t>r.
aWl r^lf We have 1*0 much confld<:nc« In our
l'J± *JiJ treatment that u-e offer KJve llun-
'fiSSI v5^' '''¦' reward for any case we can-
1 11 /r~XCi^ri ti ,,i cure. This secret remedy cures
U>£t ixjwer. nlxtltlr emlSKioM, \.asted orRann.
\ arlctx-ele. eleet. stricture.':, kidneyu, lailiu.^
mcim>r>-. <lrait;» in the urjr«?, gor.urrhopa. di*-
enee uJ the prostate stands and all other terri-
ble effects? of t-elf-abuf* <>r exceFses, which lead
on to consumption and death. VimtttwHf cures
the worst «a»e* In .)ld < r yuung of that mortt-
f yir»K contfltion. qulckne»» of the dl»charR«". an.1
wantins to do. end you can't. Kent nealed. S2
per Jwttle. three bottles. $3. Guaranteed to
cure any ca*e.
r a ll or nddrer* orders HALL"S MEDICAL
INSTITl'TK. fC>Zt nroadway. Osklcnd. Ca!
AI»o for sale at 1073'i Market et., S. F. Send
for fre« book.
*^lv Ew Woman
!w >\'\ « ictcrtstcd »nrt «3>onl<5 know
V-»V fer.\ 'X \'i$l MARVEL V.'hirling Spray
\.f\ ,S^' '¦ \ tW, ;',< TJ.rnr-r-^ »e\«*'. f-;rU>t'. Jnjr*-
v v*^ ; A^<iiw «•«*» «*<* 'W»*' liert-Na*.
V^ < C*^r Ml— M o« ConTenienU
' — v -*«^ "--^^ty " " . '."^ft ** U»«a»e» laauaUj.
If h»<^nnotenrj''Tlhe \f9*8f '":/'¦¦¦& .
MARVEI., M>*1*W> „ V '.i—^&j*- 1 "
f.tSier. but nend Wain" foril- V« M '"' ;%A>»
la»w»t»>d book— »™l«t.It p:vt€ V, g 'xT
lull p»rtleul«r»aiia«ii«T«*tionf In- «*.'#. • S
v«iiua>letol»<ile». KtBVELCO.
Times Bulldins. N*w Voik. v^±~*r
DDTTCIJI7C! ron barbers, pa-
***>»•*' ** •*••*¦ *-"-' boi.KLb. billiard tn.fcI*K,
brrwers. bookblnden. candy maker*, canrwh.
<lj-er». flour mills, foundries. laundrieB. paj »r-
hanr<r», printers, painters, nhoe facto-fw*.
¦tablemen, tar-rnor>r«. tanners, tailors,
BUCEA^AST ZSOS.,
Brush HCannlactorers, 609 Sccrataento St.
The Great Home Paper will give" its thousands of readers
Next Sunday, FREE of any cost, a handsome «
World's Fair Art Supplement
The Largest BuUding on the Grounds of The Largest Exhibit Palace Ever Erected
THE GREATEST WORLD'S FAIR. for a Single Department of an Exposition.
THE IMMENSE
...PALACE OF- AGRICULTURE,;;
Has Been Accurately Reproduced in Color as the Sixth Picture in the World's Fair Official Art Series
, • TO BE PRESENTED
FREE WITH THE CALL
next Sunday, April *7.
;-.- PALACE OF AGRICULTURE. » •:
This great structure occupies a commanding position on the crest of Skinker Hill,
west of the famous Skinker road and south of the buildings of the foreign governments.
It is coo feet wide by 1600 feet long and covers TWENTY ACRES of ground.
In the Palace of Agriculture will be shown all kinds of agricultural products, as
well as all the tools and implements used in tillageand the machinery used in cultiva-
tion and harvesting. As all the world is more or less interested in and dependent upon
agriculture, it is certain that this building and its contents will attract-nearly every vis-
itor to. the first universal, exposition of the twentieth century. The exhibit will be enter- '
taining to man, woman and child, and the farmer will elbow the merchant and the
¦ panker in looking at this wonderful display.
¦ -" The picture brings out clearly every detail of the mammoth building, and shows
a beautiful, stretch; of the attractive lawns and bright flowers by which it is sur-
rounded. It is' a most charming picture in every respect and is eminently worthy of
a o'ace of honor in this splendid scries.
•¦"- YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS THIS : PICTURE. OR ANY PICTURE IN
THE WORLD'S FAIR SERIES. TO PREVENT DISAPPOINTMENT,
....ORDER THE CALL- IN ADVANCE....
The Call is on Sale at all News Agencies and by all Train Newsboys. Ask for
Greater San Francisco's Great Home Paper.DES MOINES. April 9.— The decision
of the District Court at Council" Bluffs
in the case of ; James Boyle against
James F. Burns, president of the Port
land Mining: Company of Colorado, was
to-day reversed by the Iowa Supreme
Court. The decree of the lower court
gave Boyle $449,922, together with $8000
interest and $8000 costs. The case be
came famous by a suit filed in which
Boyle claimed nearly a million dollars
in payment for his interest in the Bob
tail, Tidal Wave and Devil'8 Own
claims, which form part of the Port
land company's properties. The suit
was instituted in 1898 and judgment
was rendered for $717,000, Burns per
mitting the suit to go by default. This
Judgment was later set aside, on show
ing made by Burns, after Boyle, who
was Mayor of Victor, Colo., had spent
six months in jail for contempt of
court, which had ordered him to dis
continue proceedings in Iowa, but
which Boyle refused to do. The trial
at Council Bluffs was made famous be
cause of each side us|ng a corps of
detectives ' to watch Witnesses sum
moned to testify in the case. A verdict
returned in that trial was the one
which was to-day reversed by the Su
preme Court of Iowa.
Iowa Supreme Court Holds That Evi
dence in Boyle Suit Does Not
Warrant the Verdict.
DECISION' IS REVERSED.
IX FAMOUS MINING CASE
porter. He was taunted by a crowd of
the village boys, who called him
"whito nigger" on account of his oc
cupation. Kelly shot into the crowd,
killing: Moore. A crowd of excited
people made an effort to force the
doors of the jail, but without success.
Kelly has been removed to Greensburg
for better protection.
"That the Bureau of Immigration
should be the medium 1 of distributing
the aliens Is to my mind as much of a
duty as it is to decide to whom the
right to enter should be given."
"The question that individually and
vitally affects the interests of our peo
ple is: What shall we do with the
thousands that are admitted? Shall
they be allowed to form alien colonies
in our great cities, there to maintain
the false' ideas and to propagate , the
lawless views born thereof as the re
sult of their experiences, foreign, hot
alone geographically, but foreign as
v/ell to this country in their ideas of
human liberty and individual rights?
Immigration left thus is a menace to
the peace, good order and stability of
American institutions, which will
grow and increase with the genera
tions and finally burst forth in anar
chy and disorder. It is thus necessa
ry, as a measure of public security,
to advise and put into force same
means by which the alien arrivals
may be distributed throughout this
country and thus afford the opportu
nities by honest industry of securing
homes for themselves and their chil
dren.
"The Department of Commerce and
Labor, through the Bureau of Immi
gration, should, in my judgement, fur
nish information to all desirable
aliens as to the best locations for prof
itable means of earning a livelihood,
either as settlers, tradesmen or labor
ers. The States and Territories which
need immigration should file with the
department such* evidence of the ad
vantages offered to aliens to settle in
localities where conditions are favor
able, so that the tide of immigration
will be directed to the open and
sparsely settled country.
very undesirable class from Southern
and Eastern Europe, which has taken
the place of Teutons and Celts. During
the past fiscal year nearly 600,000 of
these have been landed on our shores,
constituting nearly 70 per cent of the
entire immigration of the year.
"Instead of going to those sections
where there is sore need for farm labor
they congregate in the larger cities,
mostly along the Atlantic seaboard,
where they constitute a dangerous and
unwholesome element of our popula-
MEXACE TO GOOD " ORDER.
Inal capital of 100,000 shares, he is
contracting for a one-tenth interest,
and. so long as his share in the man
agement and control !s not reduced
below that proportion, his rights have
not been impaired, so far as the ques
tion now under consideration is con
cerned." I ' .
On the question of Jurisdiction rais
ed by the defendants Judge Sloss de
cided-against them. They held that
as the Oroville Gold Dredging and
Exploration Company was incorporat
ed under the laws of Arizona, Califor
nia courts had no Jurisdiction over the
matter. I n connection with this point
Judge S!oss said: I
In the present case It appears that, although
tne company was Incorporated under th? laws
pr Arizona, its entire property is inCallfornia;
its reel property consists of minim lands In
the county of Butt*; Its office, ofnee furniture,
us books and papers are In the city or San
Francisco; its five director* are all 'citizens of
California and residents of 8an Francisco; Its
meetings of stockholders and directors take
Place in San Kranctseo; all of Its business Is
transacted In this State; it has r.o of flee, prop
erty, business, orflcer or a*ent in Arizona,
other than an agent designated to receive ser
vtc of jiroces.1. as required by the laws of
Arizona: and. finally, aa pointed out by pUln
tlfTs, the alleged wrong here complained of.
>. ft., tho Issuance of the 40,C<>0 shares of
stock, was committed In th? city and county
of Mti Francisco, and the act sought to be en-
Joined, the voting of said stock. Is threatened
to be done here. All of the defendants, the
corporation Included, have appeared and
anfwer«d. Under these circumstances I think
it would be a mockery for this court to say
to the plaintiffs thnt it will not take' Jurisdiction
of their complaint, but that they must seek
their redress, U they are entitled to any. In the
courts of Arizona, where Jurisdiction could not
be obtained of any of the defendants (except
the corporation) unless they chose to make, a
voluntary appearance.
ASK INJUNCTION.
The suit for the injunction was com
menced February 10 last, the plaintiffs
being John Hays Hammond, C. H. Mc-
Cormick, A. L. Ryerson, J. L. Hough
teling, E. A. Wiltsee, A. Cass Canfleld,
A. Chester Beatty, J. E. Doolittle and
F. B. Peabody. The defendants are F.
W. Bradley, president of the corpora
tion, and Directors W. R. Berry, Ed
win Schwab, W. C. Webb', A. Granger
and W. H. Crocker and Luther J. Hol
ton and J. W. Goodwin. The com
plaint contains the charge that Brad
ley mismanaged the affairs of the com
pany and that he and Crocker almost
continuously for several months orally
denounced the company's property as
worthless, and then, in order to secure
control of the property, caused to be
held what purported to be a directors'
meeting, at which authority was given
the directors to sell 40,000 shares of
stock standing in the name of the cor
poration. Of this stock 20,000 shares
were purchased by Bradley and 10,000
shares each by Goodwin and Holton at
$1 per share, a price, the plaintiffs al
leged, far below the value of the stock.
But it gave them the control of the
affairs of the concern, and, according
to the plaintiffs, worked a hardship
on the stockholders. They claimed that
before Goodwin and Holton were al
lowed to purchase the stock, the stock
holders, particularly the plaintiffs.
shou{d have been allowed to purchase
it. It was only, however, ac
cording to the evidence taken
at the hearing of the case
showed, when Bradley and the other
defendants made improvements upon
the property that did not meet with
the approval of Hammond and the oth
er plaintiffs,, but particularly Ham
mond, that, any objection was made to
the sale. .
Death of Noted Jesuit Priest.
BOSTON. April 9.— Rev. John Me*
Quaid, one of the oldest and best
known Jesuits in America,- is dead
here, aged 76 years.
Grewsonie Discovery Recalls
a Tragedy in the Seventies
and Confirms the Story of
Timber Owner's Partners
Speolal Dispatch to The Call
SAXTA CRUZ. April 9.— The finding
jf several coins and the skeleton of a
•nan has cleared ur» an old mystery at
Boulder Creek. In the fall of 1874
t man named Sims and two others who
ire now residents of Boulder, took
ap a timber claim where the town
noTT stands. Sims, who was the oldest
af the trio, was eccentric and subject
'.o fits of despondency. He was known
:o have considerable money, and car
ried ever 5600 in a leather belt.
One night when the men were seat
ed about the fireplace in their cabin
Sims suddenly sprang to his feet, and,
<\ith a wild cry, dashed from the build
ng and disappeared in the forest. It
was two days before his body was
found at the foot of a precipice at the
junction of Boulder Creek and the San
Lorenzo River.
The two living partners burled Sims
5n the bank of the creek, and. as they
were cut off from the outside world,
t was three weeks before communica
tion with the authorities was possible.
Meanwhile all trace of the grave had
Seen obliterated either by a landslide
nr a rise of the river. The money was
missing, and the partners of the dead
man incurred some suspicion, but al
ways vehemently protested that no
rrime had been committed.
Not until yesterday was their story
rompletely confirmed. Laborers for
:he S. II. Rambo Company, who were
excavating for the foundation for a
lumber yard along the banks of the
?reek. unearthed the human bones and
rivets from a belt. It is stated that
f500 was found and turned over to the
surviving partners.
FRIEND FINDS BODY
OF A DROWNED YOUTH
Remains of a Sixteen-Year-old Boy
Located in Stream at Ben
Lomond.
SAXTA CRUZ, April 9. — The body
>f Phil Alcorn, who was drowned
welve days ago at Ben Lomond, was
ound yesterday by a young friend
Tamed Dollar. Alcorn was the 16
%-ear-old son of Mrs. Joseph Alcorn.
He was boatinc when the river was
»ery high and he was hurled into the
current by striking the limb of a tree.
The legal struggle for the* control of
the OroWlIe Gold Dredging and Ex
ploration Company, which was inaug
urated some months ago by tho filing
of a suit for an injunction restraining
certain of the directors of the corpo
ration from voting 40.000 shares of
stock alleged to have been Illegally
Issued, terminated" yesterday in Judgo
Sloss' court, when an order was made
refusing the injunction and dismissing
the order to show cause upon which
the alleged conspirators were haled
into court. In an opinion handed
down by Judge Sloss in the matter he
held that the showing made by the
plaintiffs In the action did not war
rant the issuance of the injunction be
cause it was shown that the acts of
F. W. Bradley, the alleged arch con
spirator, and his fellow alleged con
spirators, J. W. Goodwin and L. J.
Holton. were known to a majority of
the directors; that when the first
steps were taken which culminated in
the issue of the disputed shares the
defendants had the apparent control;
that the design of Goodwin to obtain
control had been, for some month?,
known to many if not all of the plain
tiffs and had been approved by some
of them, and that no intimation had
ever been given to him or o»y of the
defendants that such design was dis
tasteful to any of the stockholders.
The court said at the outset of Its
opinion: ,
The stock vias sold for its full value- th«
purpo5o for which it was Fold was a valla and
Itroix-r. If not nei*s*ary. corporate purpose. As
Agatnrt all thl?. I do not think the court
ehould Indulge In Inferences of nn Improper
motive. «*Fi>e«laHy where an Injunction would
deprive the defendants, Goodwin and Holton.
who have apparently In good faith parted with
J20.000 in exchanre for this stock, of one of
the mort important attributes of its ownership.
An injunction should not be granted where the
complainant's rl«ht is doubtful. So far as the
question of motive is concerned, the plaintiff's
case is not, in my Judgment, sufficiently clear
to warrant the granting of the relief sought.
RIGHT TO STOCK.
Judge Sloss also decided against the
plaintiffs on their claim that stock
holders in a corporation have a prior
right to stock in the concern which Is
placed upon the market or is offered
for sale. He holds that the stock
holders have a prior right to stock
where it is issued as a result of an
increase in the capital stock, but that
this right of pre-emption does not ap
ply to stock issued from the original
authorized capital.
On this important point, decided for
the first time in this State, Judge Sloss
says :
"The rule is well established that
'those who are shareholders when an
increase of capital stock is effected
enjoy the right to subscribe to the new
stock In proportion to their original
holdings and before subscriptions may
be received from outsiders.' (26 Am. and
Eng. Ency Law, 2d Ed., 947). The con
tention of the defendants is that this
right of pre-emption, so called, applies
only where there has been an increase
of stock beyond the amount original
ly authorized by the charter articles of
incorporation; that of the plaintiffs
that it applies to all issues of stock
not theretofore issued, whether a part
of the originally authorized capital (as
here) or not.
"On this point the authorities are not
in harmony. The true rule, I think,
is to be ascertained by a consideration
of the reason upon which the doctrine
is based. It is argued by the learned
counsel for plaintiffs — and no doubt
correctly — that the right of pre-emp
tion, to whatever extent it may exist,
restB upon the ground that the owner
ship of shares of stock carries with it
* _ +
not only tho right to receive such divi
dends as may be declared, but also a
voice in the election of directors, and,
consequently, in the control and man
agement of the corporation; that the
extent of the influence of the stockhold
er depends upon the proportion which
his stock bears to the total stock is
nued; and that he has a right to pre
serve that proporionate voice and in
fluence if he sees fit; or, in other words,
that the directors should not, by an is
sue df new stock, be permitted to dis
turb the relative standing of the stock
holdprs without their consent.
"That this reasoning Is applicable
to the case of an increase of the cap
ital stock of a corporation beyond the
amount originally authorized is ob
vious. Where a corporation is formed
with a capital of 100,000 shares and A
subscribes for and obtains 40,000
shares, his part in the control is two
fifths. He can, under the system of
cumulative voting, elect two of five di
rectors*. In any event, he can, by
combining with a trifle more than one
tenth of the remaining stock, name a
majority of the board. If then steps
are taken to increase the capital stock
from 100,000 to 200,000 shares and
the directors Issue the additional 100,
000 to persons other than A, without
giving him an opportunity to subscribe
for any part of the increased issue, it
is plain that his influence in the man
agement of the corporation is greatly
reduced. Instead of holding two
fifths of the stock outstanding, his
proportionate holding becomes only
one-fifth.
THE GENERAL* RULE.
"Does the same line of reasoning
apply to a portion of the originally
authorized capital, which may remain
unissued? I think it does not If a
corporation is organized with a nom
inal capital of 100,000 shares, and A
subscribes for 10,000 shares he does
so knowing that others may subscribe
for some part or all of the 90,000
shares remaining. Indeed, he has a
right to insist that all of the remain
ing authorized capital shall be sub
scribed before he can be called on to
pay for his stock. This is the general
rule, except in so far as it may have
been modified by statute (26 Am. and
Eng. Ency. Law, second edition, 934;
Civil Code of Cal, sec. 331, San Ber
nardino Ins. Co. vs. Merrill, 108 Cal.,
4 90), and no statute of Arizona mak
ing any modification of it has been
called to my attention.
"The taking of the remaining stock
by others is an implied condition up
on which the subscription shall be
come binding. The subscriber may
waive the condition, and take his
stock before the balance has been sub
scribed. But how can it be said that
by waiving this condition he acquires
a new right entirely inconsistent with
it, namely, the right to have a defi
nite proportion of the remaining
stock Issued to him? The contention
of the plaintiffs would lead to the re
sult that the first subscriber or sub
scribers to the stock of a corporation
could prevent the issue of any further
stock except to 'himself or themselves.
To recur to the illustration given
above, where A subscribes for 10,000
shares in a corporation having a nom-
"The character of these arriving
aliens, however, during the past year
differs greatly from that of 1882 and
the years previous. Since the founda
tion of our Government until within
the past fifteen years practically all
of the immigrants came from Great
Britain and Ireland, Germany and the
Scandinavian countries, and were very
largely of Teutonic stock, with a large
percentage of Celtic. Fifteen millions
of them have, made their homes with
us. In fact, they have been the path
finders in the West and Northwest.
They are intelligent, industrious and
sturdy people. ! They have contributed
largely to the -development of our
country and its resources, and to them
is due,' "in" a great measure, the high
standard of American citizenship.
"The character of our immigration
has now changed. During the past fif
teen years we have been receiving a
PHILADELPHIA, April 9.— The Im
migration problem was discussed at
to-day's session of the American Acad
emy of Political and Social Science.
Tho subject was presented in a com
prehensive address by Frank P. Sar
gent, United States Commissioner of
Immigration, who spoke on Govern
ment regulation. Franklin H. Gid
dlngs, IX.D., professor of sociology at
Columbia University, spoke on "The
Problem of Assimilation." Commis
sioner Sargent eaid, in part:
"No question of public policy is of
greater Importance or affects so close
ly the interests of the people of this
country for the time present and to
come as that of immigration. It pre
sents both a practical and a senti
mental side. It cannot be dealt with
as other public Issues. It has become
an established principle of this Gov
ernment to frown upon the efforts of
foreign countries -o bring to the Unit
ed States to become burdens thereupon
the indigent, the morally depraved, the
physically and mentally diseased, the
shiftless and all those who are induced
to leave their own country not by
their own independent volition and
their own natural ambition to seek a
larger and more promising field of in
dividual enterprise, but to carry out
some selfish scheme, devised to take
undue advantage of some classes of our
own people, or for other improper pur
poses. Such a policy is a wise one, as
well as obligatory upon the Govern
ment of this great country.
"The total estimated alien immigra
tion to Ihe United States from 1776 to
1820 was 250,000. The total number of
arrivals for the fiscal year ending June
30, 1003, was 867,046. This is the great
est number that ever applied for' ad
mission in a single year.
"The nearest approach to this was
in 1889, when 789,000 were admitted.
WESTERN PATHFINDERS.
LOCATION OF GRAVE
THIRTY YEARS HIDDEN
Says an Undesirable Class
of Aliens Is Now Pouring
in From Southern Europe
Remains of a 3Ian and Large
Sum of 3Ioncy Found by
Several Laborers on the
Bank of Boulder Creek
GIVES S03IE "FIGURES
United States Commissioner
Speaks "on the ) Subject
of Government Kegulatiou
Disputed Stock of Oro
ville Corporation
Held Valid.
SKELETON
CLEARS UP
A MYSTERY
COURT RENDERS DECISION IN SUIT
OVER CONTROL OF MINING COMPANY
SARGENT TALKS
ON IMMIGRATION
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. APRIL 10. 1904.
Porter, "Who Was Taunted on Account
, of His Occupation, Uses Revolver
With Fatal Result.
SMITHTON, Pa., April 9.— David
Kelly, aged 23 years. Is in jail, charg
ed with killing Shepherd Moore, aged
IS years. Kelly was employed as a
FIRES INTO A CROWD
. AND KILLS YOUNG BOY
28
ADVEBTISEJCENTS.
We Poid for aT^Million
50c Bottles of Liquozone and Gave Them to a Million Sick Ones.
Is There Anyone Else Who Needs It/?
When we purchased the rights to Liquozone we promised to buy a million We are willing to buy a few thousand bottles more for the sick who have
bottles and give them to a million of the sick. Now we have done it — at a cost of been omitted. Then our offer must end; and we will let those who know Li-
$500,000. We have published this offer in nearly every home in America: One quozone tell the others about it. If you need Liquozone, and have not yet tried it,
result is this: There is no neighborhood — no hamlet so remote — but some one we ask that you write us to-day. Don't neglect such a chance to*try Liquozone;
there can tell what Liquozone will do. And nearly every one you meet knows don't wait till our offer ends. Simply send us the coupon below, as a million
some friend whom Liquozone has cured. Another result is this: The demand other sick ones have done. We will then mail you an order on your druggist
for Liquozone is now greater than for any other remedy in existence. More peo- for a 50c bottle, and will pay your druggist ourselves for it. The acceptance of
pie use it than use medicine. And we cannot doubt that more sickness is being this offer places you under no obligations whatever. We simply wish to con-
cured by Liquozone than by all drugs combined. vince you; to let the product itself show what it can do.
What* LklilOZOne IS cant kilI « and this offcr is Published e p a jj $100,000 • ncrvc centers— the food which na- 0 8 «*- a11 P* rcsuUs of. impure or poisoned
Liauozone is the result of a oroce<s on the label of every bottle. . . ture intended. The results are in- in nerxous debility Linuowne acts as a vital-
whirh for ¦ mnrJ ihll -^ , vearJ has Notc what this fact mcans - All that I<or the American rights to Liquo- cvitable and permanent. There is »«r. ¦ccompii.nmg what no drugs can do.
wtiicn. lor more man 20 >ears, nas j s necessary to cure any srertn trouble zone— the highest price ever paid for nn , Mrt : on •*••»¦—.
f/s 5^ |S3B3E ,crms J:|ure will do similar rif htf on -y scientific dis- g^& | || || to gct FlFSt, Bottle Free
are denved solely from gas-largely \% ™ a d f SC d a t^d fog^ P^ro^^^cl|s and to keep well. Those who know Our method of convincing you
oxygen gas-by a process .requiring notW h mor^ ccrtain than f hat ; and hospi ( als in lh is country and g best use it daily, as we do. It is that Liquozone will cure is to buy
immense apparatus and 14 days time. And aH thc ski ,, {n the wor , d cannot others. We proved it in thousands a saver of sickness by warding off the first bottle for you. We ask you
hach cubic inch ot Liquozone re- cure suc h a trouble while those germs of the most difficult cases obtainable, germ attacks. And it keeps every to try it at our expense. The prod-
quires the use ot 1250 cubic inches ot exj$t We cured with it every d i seasc w hich function of nature up to the highest uct itself is the best evidence we
the gas. It is this remarkable con- Liquozonc gocs j hto the stom- was considered incurable. mark. Nothing else in the world is havej
Tl?;f \thlvtrLi inevitable. Diseases which have re- our absolute faith in this product. -The diseases in" this list are known an order on your druggist for a 50c
%?* ,ir -r ,hi l« nnS ?hr iSS sisted medicine for years yield at Can any one suppose that we made to be caused by germs or their tox- bottle and will pay your druggist
M^Vto nWh it the liquid oncc to it . and it curcs d i scases such an investment without knowing ins. Medicine has been used in these ourselves for it. This applies only to
u ° 5 ° l# . which medicine never cures. that Liquozone would do what we diseases for centuries, but the germ tne nrst bottle, of course; to those
KUls Inside Germs A^ c , ;irtt ri w «.«« claimcd for it? cause was *« nk » ow » » ntil Iate y cars - W t»- % •¦¦ Ile^ r , t / ie i lt ', J
The greatest value of Liquozone ACtSLlKe UXygen We publish no testimonials, no evi- Thc cause of Rheumatism, for in- This offer itself should convince
lies, in the fact that it kills germs in But Liquozone is more than a gcr- dencc of cures; no letters from phy- stance, was not traced to germs un- y°, u that Liquozone does as we claim,
the body without killing the tissues, micide. It is also a tonic, with which sicians or patients, though we have til 1902. . V c would certainly not buy a bot-
too. There is nothing else known j no other product can compare. It is more of such letters than any other This new cause of disease calls for '^J, f lvc " awa y " there was any
which will do that. Any drug that just such a tonic as an excess of oxy- concern iir the world. We simply new treatment. Medicine does not rKults-i/Vm^
kills germs is a poison, and -it cannot gen gas would be if it could be held buy a bottle of Liquozone for each , bccausc mcdicinc cannot kill ceo" fhe chance tvhich we offer to"
be taken internal v. For th s reason in the blood. sick one we learn of, and ask him to :„£•/£ acrm ~ Those who now use ? -i> t " cnan " -^nicn we otter to
medicine is of litt'le effect in a germ Oxygen is the vital part of air; see for himself A/hat it does. Don't £",£;.£ er { ™ S ' B J* trou bl C s e U^r do r?nl VT lT fr «: . Dont use "}edi-
trouble, as every phvsician knows. the very source of vitality, the most you know that a product must have 1 " C f d ' cinc f ?, r B«ra.troubles « her do cine for what medicine cannot do.
This problem of killing inside essential clement of life. It is oxy- remarkable merit— a virtue which " ot . know th < • c a" sc oi thc trouble or We .shall not ask you to buy Li-
gcrms is the greatest problem that gen that turns the blue blood to red brings instant benefit to all— to stand don l know L'qnozone. njv;:;, quozone— nor urge you to continue
medical men ever met. These germs in the lungs. It is oxygen that elim- such a test as that? These diseases all' yield to Li- it. Do as you think best for. yourself
are thc cause of most of the serious inatcs the waste tissue and builds up __,, __ '. . _. qftozone and most of them at once, when you learn what the product
dise os. And thc only way to cure the new. Oxygen is iTie nerve food. Wnat MeQlCUie DOCS The cause of all is germs, and Li- does. But be fair enough with your-
mu-Ii di^easec; is to kill those germs, the blood food, thc scavenger of the The utmost that medicine can do is Q uoz Qne always kills germs. In any ! s « lf to try it when we pay the cost
An internal germicide, effective, yet blood. It is so cs=ential to every t t s _ sour to Nature This is stage of any disease in this list the of your test. Before our offer ends
harmless, has been sought after more function of life that we could not t^rin any disuse as y^r'physician results are so certain that we will see what this new product means to
than anything else in thc history of live three minutes without it. There win td , Drugs never give to gladly send to^any patient who ;asks yo T u : :¦• ¦¦ ¦ •
medicalpract.ee. would be no weak nerves no lack of the bod / any element it needs. An I it an absolute guaranty.: V Liquozone costs 50c and $1. ,
nS^^So^^Liq^ SK^ffi^i^^S drugs never kill inside germs. A hma «,v r % r-inn u _ CUT , OUT THIS COUPON I
-one first proved that germs are ?cg- oxygen. Medicine sometimes spurs nature Abj^Anemia ¦ > wdwj, di««k. . ; for thll offer may. not appear . K «in. fui
cuScfThenhefou^tat^^x- gS^iggl^ u"er^ SH^ Sli "^^MB^^
cess of oxygen— the very life of an 1 he blood cannot hold an excess. _.., deoend on thc oat ; ent ' s cnn A\ Bowel Troubt, . Maiaria-Neura^fa M . m t< , •
animal— is deadfy to vegetable mat- Liquozone is a liquid, concentrated A ney « e P ena on tn^ patients condi- couch^— cold* - ' Many H««rt Troubles M > dl "1» e l! ••• •
•"'"""I. ' ,,„„.„ o . , . . ? anH «l-,r»!<* nnr *vrn i vniatiU Tn tlon - Acurc by drugs IS always Consumption Tiles— Pn*umonla I have never tried Uqoorone. bnt If you
tcr. Then he v)i:g.it a way to get ana stable— not e\en volatile. In . . f j d j nsome diseases im- Coiio-Crour. . PieuriBy-Qulnsy win euppiy'me a 50c bottle free 1 win
£ftii» SSli S h :°I5#r« s Wmm W~^9&S*. ¦¦-¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦ • :: '
can do. . ! ncrvc center just Uie food that it Liquozone is direct and certain, be- •' ' ' TSSSrMice^ '
,- r fifr €rif*rrr\ needs. It prive* new power to every cause it destroys the cause of a germ Goitre— Gout Varicoc»ie , , .514..' Give f uif a<Jdres«— write •¦ plainly.
We Olier $IUOO function of nature. The results are trouble. Then it acts as a tonic, not Gonorthea-cieet . , women «. Diseases . — -_ — r— : — — — — : :
Kr»r a Hi<r-»' p -i-rm flint I iMini'ii'ie ' rrtr"-k-ili1o anri rmirlc t«; t ctJrniilant It {rivpc fnnH tn' tho - AIK dlseasts that butln with fever— all - In- ¦ Any physician- or hospital not yet nslne
lor a dlSta.>C a crm tliat Ll'juo>o.ie rcm^.KaulC ana quiCK. . as a Stimulant. It gl\CS lOOd to the nammation-all catarrh— all .contagious • dis- Liquozone will bo . ejadly supplied;^for. a 1 teat.
ADVEBTISEMENTSw
G. H. UMBSEN SCO.,
20 Montgomery St
Annovnecment !
Annovneement!
Annovnecment!
Grand Auction Sale
San Mateo Heights
San Mateo Heights
San Mateo Heights
On Saturday, April 30, 1Q04, at 1:30
p. m., we will sell on the premises 150
beautiful large lots. This will be the red
letter sale of San Mateo property; the
lots are all large, rnost of them being
50x150. City water, sewer connec-
tions, electric cars run through the
center of San Mateo Heights.
Small bills will be ready for distri-
bution in a few days. . •
Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
20 Montgomery St.
SEWING MACHINES SLIEHTLY USED.
LI6HT RUNNING
YOU KNOW-WHERE THE DOLXiS
ABE IK THE "WINDOW
1051 MABKET STREET
YjQ Perfect Fitting (I^V
'Y Eyeglasses &
j At Iterate Cost (\
W 642 /Marke.t^t.
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Causes
perfect digestion, complete absorption and
healthful regularity.
For cure of all disorder* of Stomach. Uver.
Bowels, Kidn-ys. Gladder. Female Irregularities.
SlckH?a<5ache,BlUousness.ConstipaUon,Plle» and
all derangements of Internal .Viscera. 25c box.
At drue*Ms' ur by mail. Radwajr * o^. V Y.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦BlBBB"«a.»BH«"BBaniHB,
¦ ¦¦;•" ' - ;. .- ,. "': '-¦¦" g
g 818-82O /AARK&t 3T.. 5AH FRANCISCO. *
S NECKWEAR. SPRING RIBBONS, g
¦ A . beautiful line of new Neckwear Novelty Fancy Ribbons in latest plaid B
¦ : worth 35c to 75c each. "We wilt sell . tr i p *, chrcfc and polka dot effects - g
g . these stocks Monday and Tursday, A11 ,,, k f ancy . 4 in. wide, p?r yd. /9C H
g specia', each ..-.,... 25c AH silk polka dot, 4 in. wife, per 7<*. g
g» Every lady purcha*lnfiT to amount ot $1.00 *\ 2*JC X
H or more will be presented with one of ',' <-> »- _, Jjj
|j - these beautiful stocka. AH silk fancy Drrsden, per yd.. <;oc m
g SHIR T WAISTS. Eows ti'd frer of charge. |
S Just arrived a full line of , beautiful VEILINGS at 15c yard. g
H Summer Shirt Waists, white and color 'Pi'nmnds of yard* of desirable Tuxedo H
q lawn, grass linen and percale, at /-3 Veilings in ftylish ratferns, white, ¦
B regular price. black an* fancy mesh, special Mon- g
H VELVET RIBBON. day and TujkUv ISc g
a No. 9, \% inches wide, black; regular p L fl C K M * A/'S Famous B
¦ 20c per yard, special /2Kc Po'lsh frr p^d and fi'.ver. sold every- g
¦ some snappy BARGAINS. where for 25: bottle, our price special B
g NEW BOOKS *? c S
| at cut prices. BLflriK n/f MOM O K?en £
gg "Letters of a Son to His Srlf-Made Ed *e Knife Sharpener, \\L in. wide, g
g Father" Q8 c \i in. thick, 10 in. !on^, sold for JOc, a
B "Rebecca," by Wiggin Qtfc rpecal 6c PI
H "My Friend Prospero," by Harland STOV^ or UD UTTER g
« £-fi ............ ; .......*/. O O - A *ood. sirong one, regular pries n
j "The Ds!iv*raace," by Glascow 5,.. spec j alf c^ * 2c g
g "Th^CailoVtheWii^byLfndo? 6 °£ ER ?> P L ?\^% ES ~x S
« St OS Mother of pejr!, regu'ar $3.00. special g
g "BariisVh of the Guard," by Merriman •• &23O m
U £t.O8 STK&L1NG &IKVER ¦
¦ "The Fortunes of Fifi," by Scawell . . Penho'd? k, regular value 75c, soecial B
¦ S1.O8 59c ¦
¦ "Little Shepherd of Kingdom Come" THE NEW GAMES. q
m „-• • •; • ¦ ~ y • •,;:•„ ® {' Q § Boars? or Flinch on sale at 39c B
¦ "Gordon Keith," by Page.. S/. OS For ' Tuwday ¦ an.l W«!n»d»y only, m
E "The Gray Cloak, Macgrath . New «tock of pit i~-t rf«iv«i: turn- n
B1 OB # Hit OVER, the new foldlnR-hoartl same of n
= w. .• / ' ; • • • Tf. V T 4 «klll. To introduce It for this week. "J
m Many other copyrights published at only 3i)e ¦
2 $1.50 on sale at ' 5Oc important to travelers. 3
g None shopworn or second hand. A n , w Un< . of ur ,_ ttwI) . t , t^ k , iwt „,. g
*S VISIT OUR reived, now on «ale at cut prices. *
E3 BOOK DEF*T dostr,* out old 1'nes. regardless of B
H ' . ,„ . , ro * t: Perhaps you may like some of the B
nj It will pay you; no book of the same 0I1I ones hotter than the new ones; they M
g quality binding sold elsewhere at lower are all rood, and, what's better still Za
« price, and often our prices are less. cheap. " "
g We will sfladly quote you price* CO-CARTS and carpiacf* B
Q on any book. A complete line of Bi- Tn« nVnv » i ¦ ? ? ¦
S p3r3Si«3~a i.
a P" c *»- and prices and judge for yourselves. B
bj : — : ¦ b
a Knives, Razors and Shears ground and repaired. s
I Picture Frames of all descriptions made to order. c
¦¦¦¦BBBBBBaaBBaBBBiaBHHBgBBBBaBBHBaaBBBBBaBaHBThe third Saturday in April -is the
day set apart yearly for a reunion of
old and recent graduates of the San
Francisco Girls' High School. There
is now a ' regular organization, to
which hundreds of women belong.
Women who have . gone in and gradu
ated from universities in this country,
and even in Europe",. women who have
taken a high stand in the professions,
in art 'and in the home circle, are
members of the: Alumnae Association.
An opportunity'- will be given before
the breakfast at 12:30 : p. m. for all
who wish to pay dues to attend to that
duty, but if they wish to attend the
breakfast they must notify, the secre
tary not later than Tuesday, April 12.
Tickets may' be obtained from the
secretary by members in good stand
ing who notify the secretary in time at
the ¦"school,' V Scott' and Geary, streets,
on the^day "of the breakfast, between
All Who Are Behind In .Dues. Will' Bo
Permitted to Pay Up Before
the Breakfast.
GIRLS' HIGH SCHOOL
GRADUATES' REUNION
"The university graduates are large
ly required in the high schools, and
with the rapid Increase in the number
of school children in the State of Cali
fornia it would seem to be our duty
to encourage the attendance at normal
schools and to place the standard of
graduation at a high mark."
"Universities and normal schools
ought to produce our best teachers,
and it is to the interest of the State
that the best equipped teachers possi
ble be supplied for the elementary pub
lic schools.
The efficiency of an old lamp may be
improved 25 to 40 per cent by surround
ing the lower part of the flame with a
copper ring, to prevent loss of heat
through convection, i
That San Francisco has again shown
itself to be a splendid "show town" is
evidenced by the enormous crowds that
have been attracted to the Mechanics'
Pavllio-n the last week to see the Nor
ris & Rowe circus. It is estimated
that 64,000 people paid to see the shows,
which gave the best of satisfaction.
Norris & Rowe are California people.
They winter in San Jose and the money
they make here is all spent here. Dur
ing the last winter some $30,000 was
expended in improving the circus and
this money was all expended in San
Jose and San Francisco. This season
the energetic young managers deter
mined to have a real cfrcus, in addi
tion to their trained animal shows, and
that they succeeded is shown by the
excellent performances and the display
of wild animals made. during the pres
ent engagement. Mechanics' Pavilion
was transformed into a Madison Square
Garden and the scene3 of the Barnum
& Bailey shows were duplicated here^
Society turned out in force during the
week and there was a profusion of
smartly gowned, women ' and dress T
coated men to see. the circus.
the week Norris & Rowe had
as their guests the pupils of the va
rious charitable organizations, the deaf
and dumb classes of the public schools,
the kindergartens and orphan asylums.
The little ones were; delighted with the
many wonders of the big show and the
pleasure of the little ones and the circus
owners was' mutual, jj
Next week will see the circus under
the big tents again, as it exhibits in
Oakland and the surrounding towns.
The Norris & Rowe shows will .be
warmly welcomed upon their return in
the fall.
XorrLs & Kowc Will Close Their En
gagement at Pavilion With To-
Xight's Performance.
Rev. Henry B. Woods will preach
at the 10:30 o'clock mass in St. Ig
natius Church this morning. Rev. D.
Mahoney will deliver the sermon in
the evening.
The second .week of the mission,
which is given by the Vincentinn Fath
ers in St. Patrick's Church, will com
mence to-morrow, it will be for
married men.
"The Young Man Who Sowed Wild
Oats, or the Value of a Clean Life"
will be the subject of a practical ad
dress that will be given at the mass
meeting for young men at the Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason
and Ellis streets, this afternoon at 3
o'clock by H. J. McCoy. A special
musical programme will precede the
address, in which a quartet of young
women will take part. A reception
and collation will- take place at the
close of the meeting.
First English Lutheran — Morning,
"The Greatest Fact in Personal His
tory"; evening, "The Past Resurrec
tion Life : of Jesus." Pastor, Rev. E.
Nelander.
Services at the churches to-day will
be as follows:
II. J. 3IcCoy Will Deliver Address at
the Young Men's Cluristian Asso
ciation This Afternoon.
SABBATH DAY SERVICES
AT VARIOUS CHURCHES
Your committee are of the opinion that it
would be quite unnecessary to present any
arguments In favor of the law or Its enforce
ment as it exists in the statute books. It la
the law.
A motion that the joint board rec-
It if possible that some member of this
board may have assumed that the law as
enacted refers solely to the public or common
schools of this Siate. such being specifically
mentioned in the act.
The Htate c-on«titution. however, defines the
public school »>-stem in article IX, section <5, to
"include primary and grammar schools and
such high school*, evening schools. Normal
Fchools and technical schools as may be estab
lished by the Legislature or by municipal or
district authority." The legislative enactment
relating to vaccination is unquestionably man
datory in U* terms and character and the
duty of enforcing Its provisions devolve* not
only upon the trustees of district schools and
Boards of Education of the various cities and
towns of the State, but upon this Joint board
of State Normal schools as well, as shown
by the constitutional provision defining th«
public schools of California. It may be fur
ther added in this connection that section 772
of the Tenal Code provide* that any officer
under the Jurisdiction of the court who has
refused or neglected to perform the duties
pertaining to his office- murt be cited to appear
before said court, and if in the hearing such
charge is crustained the court must enter a
decree that the party accused be deprived of
his cf9c« and must enter a judgment for $500
In favor of the Informer and such costs as are
itllowed In civil cases."
Ontlemen: Tour committee to whom was
referred the resolution relating to vaccination
haw carefully examined the law relating to
the subject and beg leare to report as follows:
The law enacted by the Legislature and ap
proved February 20. 188ft. which Is known as
the ••vaccination act. 1 " recites that: "Th«
trustees of the several common school districts
In this St^te and Hoard of Common School
Government in the several cities and towns
are directed to exc.ludo from the benefits of the
I common school therein any child or person
j who has not been vaccinated until such tini"?
i when said child or person shall be euecess-
J fully vaccinated, etc."
That the chairman or the joint board ap-
I point a comnllti* of three normal school
i m*n to confer with the proper authorities or
! the two universities upon plans for th* co
i operation or universities and normal 6cnoo.s
1 in the training of teachers within the lines of
¦ the report submitted en euch co-operaton or
other lines as may be eUKirested.
That the chairman or this board appoint
two normal school men to act a» a commit
tee- on general programme and arrangementa.
Mid two members of the committee to have
power to select a co-worker irom each or the
universities and the committee or four as a
whole to have power to arrange a programme
and fix the exact time for the first convening
«>ome time early in the coming school year
during the school term.
That this Joint board urge the normal facul
ties t» attend such convention of universities,
normal schools and colleges and recommend
' local boards to gTant them permission to at
tend.
Dr. Ward read the following report
relative to vaccination in the normal
schools, a subject that has caused con
siderable agitation in the past:
VACCINATION* REPORT.
Governor Pardee maintained that, ac
j cording to Dr. Thorpe's idea, it was
| the intention to make the normal
j schools a supplementary echool to the
I university and to make them schools
I cf culture rather than schools of in
; struction in the art of teaching. The
! adoption of the minimum requirements
I for graduation from the normal schools
! leaves the Lob Angeles Trustees free
to try their experiment as long as the
minimum standard is reached.
The following motions were made by
| Mr. Van Liew and unanimously car
1 ried:
of the scholarship to be increased so
that the doors of the university would
open to the school. It was desired to
do this, as experience, he said, dictated
that the graduates from the normal
schools should go forth as well equip
ped as possible to teach.
"Comparatively few of the young men
and women who graduate at the high
§chools take the normal school course.
Particularly is this true of young men,
as during the last year only four In
the entire State entered the normal
school after having graduated at* a
California high school.
"One reason for this Is that the re
muneration received by teachers Is not
sufficient to induce the young men to
enter that field of activity.
"Professor Burke has collected data
upon the salaries of 708 men out of
the 7S8 teaching in the State. Six hun
dred and three, or 77 per cent, of these
are receiving $1000 or less per year.
Fifty-five per • cent are receiving . less
than fSOO.
"There are only 116 teachers, accord
ing to reports of County Superintend
ents, nc/w unemployed in the State; and
omitting San Francisco, of which no
estimate can be made, and Butte and
Tuolumne counties, not heard from,
thirty-two counties report no unem
ployed teachers, seventeen report three
or less and eighty-six of the unem
ployed are distributed In Alameda, Los
Angeles, Nevada, Siskiyou and Santa
Clara counties.
Chairman M. E. Dailey of the com
mittee on textbooks filed a list of books
decided upon for use in the State nor
mal schools, which was adopted. The
committee on legislation presented a
voluminous report of particular inter
est. It recites in brief that there are
1462 students enrolled In the normal
schools and 552 graduates. The de
mand for teachers in the State reaches
1200 annually, ieaving a deficiency of
more than BOO to be met from immi
gration and examination. The report
says :
ommend to the committee on co-opera
tion of the Normal schools and univer
sities to report on the status of train
ing teachers in both institutions from
the standpoint of both culture and
practice was adopted.
PEDAGOGIC STATISTICS.
Ignatian Council No. 35, Toung
Men's Institute, celebrated Its seven
teenth anniversary with a banquet at
the Lick House Thursday evening.
Thomas H. Fallon presided as toast*
master at the affair, which was elabo
rately arranged and attended by 100
persons. Among the speakers of the
evening was Archbishop Montgomery,
who delivered an eloquent address, ap
pealing to his fellow Catholics to Joirj
some Catholic organization and in that
manner perpetuate their strength. He
closed his remarks, with a high tribute
to the Young Men's Institute, the suc
cessful career of which he reviewed in
an interesting way.
Celebrates Anniversary.
11:30 and 12:30. Those who do not
attend the breakfast are expected to
meet in the auditorium between 2:30
and 3 p. in.
From 3 to 4 p. m. there will be
short speeches and musical numbers
from Miss Mi Voorsanger, president of
the association; Mr. Brooks, principal
of the Girls' High School; John Swett,
Dr. Jessie Peixotto, Dr. Annie G. Lyle,
Mrs. j. W. Orr, Miss Judd. Mrs. Win
chester, Miss Johnson and Mrs. Mad
dern.
The social reunion takes place be
tween 4 and 5, when tea will be
served. This year none but members
are to be admitted without special in
vitation. None are members whose
dues are not paid. This year notices
are sent only to members, but all
graduates and all who have attended
the school two years out of three may
become members by paying the yearly
dues of 50 cents to the secretary-
LAST TIMES OF THE
CHIC US IN THIS CITY
Kindergarten Department
Are Discontinued Except
in Los Angeles Normal
Dr. Lewis S. Thorpe of Los Angeles
provoked considerable discussion by his
plea that the Los Angeles Normal
School be granted permission to extend
the course to three years and the scope
A motion was finally made and unan
imously carried that It was the sense
<rf the board that kindergarten depart
ments in the normal schools, except
in Los Angeles, be discontinued at the
close of. the school term.
Following Mr. Dockweiler. a number
of others gave their views «>n the sub
ject. Incidentally Dr. Wheeler took
occasion to make a most pertinent re
mark. He declared it was his belief
that the normal schools should be res
rued from the domination of local
boards and the power of administra
tion centralized in one body.
PLEA FOR NORMAL SCHOOL.
and removes it from the influence of
other children in the neighborhood
whose moral tone you do not like. I
ajn in favor of the kindergarten and
all of my children have attended It to
advantage. To the mother who has
her hands full relief should be given.
The kindergarten idea is the rseult of
the social conditions under which we
are living."
tcd kindergarten can do no harm
ter what the mother may attempt to
do," said the frentlexrian from the
south, "she cannot give sufficient at
tention to the education of the child.
The presence of a child in a well regu-
on the subject — the educator and the
man who has attempted to discharge
some of the duties to himself and his
family. He informed those present
that he was the father of eight chil
dren and that all of them had attend
ed the kinderg-arten school. "So mat-
and only five graduated. He said he
believed in kindergartens in certain
districts to make the children cleanly,
if for tio other reason.
I. B. Dockweiler took the floor to
give his views In favor of kindergar
tens from a practical standpoint- He
maintained that there were only two
classes of people competent to speak
In response to a question. M. E.
Daly give the information that
in the school in which he is
the head the kindergarten train
ing course in five years has cost $7000
"vTltli resolutions of thanks to Gov
ernor Parxlee for his attendance and
to the manasrement of the St. Francis
Hotel for courtesies extended, the an
nual meeting of the Joint Board of
Stata Normal School Trustees came
to an end yesterday afternoon. That
th« s*therins this rear has been
the most successful of any
heretofore held is generally ad
mitted and the discussion of
the various subjects of vital import
ance to the normal schools of the
State has been productive of much
good. Considerable business of im
portance was transacted, the most im
portant action being the abolition of
kindergarten training departments in
all of the normal schools except Los
Angeles.
During the discussion on •"Kinder
garten Instruction and Kindergarten
Departments of Normal Schools,"
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the University of California took oc
casion to say: "The place to educate
the child is in the home by the
mother, but in the decay of the home
in the thickly' settled districts the
kindergarten is of great value to the
children of the slums, who cannot
have the training of the play instincts.
We should have kindergartens in the
slums and the teachers should be
trained In the normal schools, but in
my opinion xre should have a course, of
instruction in one school and not in
five. There should be kindergartens
in the San Francisco School Depart
ment in certain districts where the
children are neglected by the parents."
KINDERGARTENS FAVORED.
SUCCESSFUL MEETING
Trustees of Normal School
Transact Business of Im
portance at Joint Session
VITAL HATTERS
ARE DISCUSSED
THE SAN "FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. APRIL 10, 1004.
29
* _; ; ADVERTISEMENTS.:
KJP . of her • life. Becoming
a mother should be, a source of joy to all, but the suffering and
danger incident to the ordeal makes its anticipation one of misery.
Mother'5 Friend is the only remedy which relieves women of the great
pain and danger of maternity; this hour which is dreaded as woman's
severest trial is not only made painless, but all the danger is avoided
by its use. Those who use this remedy are no longer despondent or
gloomy; nervousness, nausea and other distressing conditions > are
overcome, the system is made ready for the coming event, and tho
serious accidents so common to the critical
hour are obviated by the use of Mother's Bfl^kttBfe^Vfe^/O
Friend. "It is worth its weight in gold," Rf|fl|||l£l* \
says' many who have used it. $1.00 per llivlllVI V
bottle at drug stores. Book containing ,
valuable information of interest to all women, will EwkH/\FTh^S
be sent to any address free* upon application to fi**B |l |ijl
BRADFiELB REGULATOR OO. t Atlanta, Ga. B 1 lVil\i
QBAPE-irrjTS.
• -
ARMY TRL\LS.
An Infantryman's Lions Sirgc.
This eoldier's tale of food Is interest-
ing. A
During: his term of service in the
Seventeenth Infantry in Cuba and the
Philippines an Ohio soldier boy con-
tracted a disease of the stomach and
bowels which all army doctors who
treated him pronounced incurable, but
which Grape-Nuts food alone cured:
"In October, 1S99. when my enlistment
expired. I was discharged from the
army at Calulute, Philippines, and re-
turned to the States on the first avail-
able steamer that left Manila. When
I got home I was a total wreck phy-
sically and my doctor put me to bed
saying he considered me the wor^t
broken-down man of my age he ever
fj»\v and after treating rrie six months
he considered my case beyond medical
aid.
•"During the fall and winter of 1300
and 1901 I was admitted to the Barnes
Hospital in Washington, D. C. f jr
treatment for chronic inflammation of
the stomach and bowels, but after flv«:
months returned home as bad as ever.
"I continued taking medicine until
February, 1902. when reading a news-
paper one day I reaxl about Grape-Nuts
and was so impressed I sent out for a
package right away.
"The result Is quickly told, for I have
used Grape-Nuts continually ever since
with the beet results: my health Is so I
can do a fair day's hard work, stomach
and bowels are in good condition, have
pained forty pounds In weight and I
fe*>! like a new man altogether.
"I owe my present good health to
Grape-Nuts beyond all doubt, for med-
ical science was exhausted." Name
given by Postum Co., Battle Creek.
Mich.
Had b*» consulted any one of several
thousand physicians we know of they
would have prescribed Grape-Nuts Im-
mediately.
Look in each package for the famous
little book. "The Road to WellvUle."
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
' =? \ '
11 The advance Spring Styles of SOROSIS -raj
lj SHOES are now being shown by us. \||
J Sorosis Shoe Parlor JS
'§¦[ .v_ 216 Post Street j-h^ "'.'^ i'
%J^y Royal Shoe Co. V^^D
50 Third Street' j^^V
JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. j JOE ROSENBERG'S: V | "JOE ROSENBERG'S. " | J0T1 ROSENBERG'S. > ; 'j;~ JOE ROSENBERG'S.
DREAMING AeoUf THE COULECTOfi . ' jf£b\ Sri^Hii'i
m^^bi^^SW^^^^»^^^fM?I$^S'^ff97^k. n,////// IE? CUP TPAHCft, AT £? / k V/*r>*7 > / n A # C J^hes wide; extra heavy
ER M° NTHLV /ALLOWANCE WOULD MORE THAN GO ROUMD.
•'•\- MJJla( e are never satisfied with what we save our customers; always striving: to do better for them — If You Want Any Laces
'¦¦ - 1^ T jT^ COMMISSION TO ANY ONE. f or
I'llfir9 wlWH*8^S»MBaffifflHSraS3iRCsJaBM2rrr\V \ v/SBXSaftM/// I^V. I IS Tfc TMCrnTnvTT TT\ aktv r\v.rc » Point f!e Paris ret in allover lace.
W/ftSyn V^ } PP1« .= M^l fl H DISCOUNT TO ANY ONE. J- -= made of Enpll*h thread; in flower and
W^^^SS^KKSSS^^^^^mUSmy ' V-r premi ums or prizes.^ ** SU?.! l^!ffT.f?! I .?. 8 ...A c S?dC5S
W«jfflaf .»^/^^K»K>^^^^BSB^ffiBS8»i- RF IT F" 1 ! val «e youi* money or your money back. What others advertise you'll find we bt expxet bow maxees.
v^f £$ WwrlW Smmfl^^ scl1 for - lcss * This is the Joe Rosenber ? wa y of doin ? fewness. £&£& o 5 Saie p Mo e da wni d b T p s*
d I! '/'iRlf f lit ilmir 1 , Get Your Summer Goods No*. Lad/as' Kimonas. ' Economy. s^whfn V^'sle * SS
V ' '/**»$* 7 It ill!!'!/'! IHI i\ HnllK. //; mMtmllf/f No DohM You Eave Heard of the Ad- -^ Another warm wrather com- .«<^Sg|i THAT IS. IF YOU BTTT $K tfo'' Width 100 full 5 inchea
HWf'V I'l/ Ulll // ll SiUTifl/'f ' // f li) lllr vance in Cotton Goods. BS fort. Made of summer flan- fiEgSgS OI7E OP THESE r?,tn wide, made of all-silk taf-
'VAiliR I Hil ll I // fl II lift Hi (LlliUll '////// I r' Not so here As long as our quanti- XTT^ "? L In colored stripes, pink. flDK9»l WASH VEILS. '>3 ; *V ¦ f eta. hiph luster and satin
AH"it|ffiw'[|| I '/'I] ™/V WUuluffW il^Sli^riHy^S^? (fp s a^orTonaf a^ : de de sle P evt ) wnS fwf| Madfoi 'white r £f^ * ne *nte* Twcy-anis forth.
¦^^V- { 'T { \^^YfSf^im^ "^ See\4a : made wlth t a : CTOchp I ted the'l^rlS C^ter^.^f.'sOc ®*&^ ' plalii CHIC AHD PEBrECT-riTTINO, TET
"l^U j^ |I IIIMm j f /tyW^"^ /A$?jt *" dge Und S - nk runnlns strin S- ANTICIPATING THE ADVANCE IN the quantity lasts 9c nTEZPENBIVS.^
// You Want to Save Money " ' " You Will Be Pleased S|fJ w. Profit^TlJTwui-wU Here Is Provable Reading. feSP
* On the trimmings of your jn> If you call on ui and In- traiiliili drawers, deep torchon- lace Tfon Buy Here. LADIES CORSETS — *v clasp and fancy embroid- Iljjl
/^ A new summer dress, here are $» spect^ome of the LTOSIJN trimmed; worth double this LADIES' SHORT KI- French girdle shape; made «£gl ered stitched tack. In II M
Jf^Q some LACES far underprlced. M- v°\ UNDEBWEAB thatw. Tof- Vi/ Price; full value for your MONAS or DRESSING -* flL* Of extra strong twilled tape. \T mode. pray, white and W
Vt^T^ BLACK FRENCH LACE, 8, JfflM fer fcf Monday and \ues- V*. money .'Or SACQUES— Made of white /3MB& alurninoul boninp which is ffln black; ? ued> in finish, but
»- ? and 10 inches wide, in £>'<^4j\ da7 \/ LADIES' VESTS— Sleeve lawn, with colored flow- fiJTf&ffl rust proof and unbreakable ,\h~r\ not so in price V pair ,10c
LADIES' ROWVS Mmi*. nf Vpw a * s PEARL BLTTONS — Small and med-
No Premiums or Prizes. York MiTis «S2S?S;? yoke. tftaSSd Light Underwear at Light Prices. Yo " '' T ?"f, , \ father. Scoop of Our Buyer. i™ .t* t« and four holes; the &2 pd
Tcux^onex.. Wort, or Tour M cn ey <) J^^PmII^^SV^ SJP&mVS&S A nfflftfiSS. "JSfSPSS ZStF^ IS^US^SS^^SSi
be had^e T LADIES' SKIRT-MadfoV H ffS8b! flf \ Og f of our offerings Jn ¦ choose fron. Real wortl ,10 cents a ROD m S OR HAIR ORNAMENTS
Corset-Fitting. flniShld wi r tj? en T 2ShonTaw «|§LL J u i cked i a ?^ t em de r^ch e a r bft Beaded Locms. so * n » r * c * Each ioc
THAT'S WHAT WE ricEI. IN. 1^0 and^Tue^v C "if u • oo Sand'^b.' Newp^Jch APACHE JOHN MAKE- „££$!? £S
Conrt, Pltt.4 Pr... Expert, in At- f^i™^!^^^^ S5c Summer Neckwear sleeve . Our price P «5c '^ of hard wood and steel I^Tif^patSSt hump . whS^wllfnot
tendance, «." ,'", -1 ' ' ' ' In New, TJp-to-Date Styles at the Price ,„, ., , ,, n . ~, . ,¦ , JaMP\ tef ' u V r \ OT maxin-, bens. c undone :' dnzm for lc
The wearer of the Boflad KuUn Vndttmr at « Le» Cutter's Way of SeUin,r Them. Why Not Have One of These Ladies jTO? HAIRPINS-Four packages in a
.. <— • new erect form Cor- TUta Co«. LACE CAPE Summer B°/t*Z W^JT h ra «nS« So «S I cabinet: straight and crinkled kind..
S£? S53iS. C< Sg M S? J«».*ftini.lfvir«^^ W f««ar, £^§§91 ffits A «ad 8 e Made oA^rbfa^French elas- f^ S^^^S^ gSS^SSS^*S2SSSS
She Is fitted over line, and JIELINK or ILLUSION— For mak- frPvrb'fiKfcyy' and Grecian de- ... . (.. . ,„ y TEVERIFKE WHKFI «— For" ™k
curves tftat arcs perma- feS, Ine puffs or ropetlep: sood luslcr; in fimSK4S^t sl S" s - More than Attention, Slender V/omen. .. «_,„„.• Vm , ; , ».,„, inc UD the new tenerlrre T.ce- flvf dlf
m-nt. ohlch make her H* hveitor. cream, white and black. We I^SS^P. on even exchange _ HEBE IS SOiaETHIKO TO Big Values n Small Print. ferenf width JranX mod., on' this new
comfortable a. well aa X\ can't tell how lone the quantity will JZ&3BMEVL for .-,(>,. 3.™™^™ BUREAU CO" F.RS or TIDIES— Full S3 See ' . .' ¦?>
O» «. O T .^U S«« »™. ™ce cutter- A yard «... WSVi-Sfifep^SS "~"«"»- « ""^ ¦!& < 3S,c."^n jfir
Basement Economy. 200 Wrist Or Hand Bags, -•¦ Jou^Ul appreciate that, when jou- see B Corieti. Made of Swiss knitted fabric, ty strong clasps. In pink. YW
1 H WDKERCHIEFS New- rt +_ Embracinc all the i«# u ± n n i . French band, buttoned on the SIR blue, red and black. Price W
e .^s5lS ff d£lSS20c R Md 25c qualtS: j^£Al ne^t'Ttylef with . f^S^g? ?,°5; -^^^^ Why Not Have Comfort sides with drawing ¦trtaffat-« '27k' *
In the bargain basement lOc Aferafmfe card case. coin X ?S heJvybunt* i 2&M&&L And Have One of The8e Lirhtweiflrht ¦ $£*£ v,' 1 t nm with thr^ "T TEE KT.W HOOK ON
Were You Ever in the Old Country? SPOT - Made oTSSJfffi-?^ /, . HH^SST^n^d -^ i£8S8S!!*5r£& p^^
A i,?vn"Kr^Him w4<,llA¥S Strong }nSe, e \nd Bulgarian colors. Our bray and trimmed with a ,//.}.< w u a g s t h f ne no g8 ™; D t S f £ a untry^ wear i c >" filled elastics attached: In
cro' YoaSS «aiilMl g Kmra or P rice A set i»5c deep flounce father- .JjJjLyi soft and velvet finished. Price.. U5c black only. Price 15c
ML*. \ eood wearing Wnd pi- skin and seal grain aI1^ ator - u/k * n t * *}\l C * < H' w^ fnlrt? on K <VfflH$P LADIES* VEST— Made of pure Vega Z.ADXES' SIDE EIJISTICS.
'd3|W? the? are We fecured P ° $1?5 v^ue no^w . . . . 7.-?C You Do Not KnOW What Comfort l % K^^^^^*mi.-\o^-wcyi and sleeves; hand Made of fancy frilled elastic, with
R[l a quantity of them at J1.50 value, now 9O<. And Satisfaction There I. UntU Ton "nd rose color, washable and you will- ed r , yo r k * j n SH^^S"'^/, Swi f? n to b Jhi°2i«fi ll n? : ™^SI nd f? l hi-2fc"
'UjBS*. an unusually low price. S1.75 va ue. now Kl.^ri Have Worn the Zouave Detachable Cor- appreciate the low price when you see h b e be^ r V e n c P\ n t^ r . s blUe and whUe " s^ blSe and cinfc Price ? TUlo
ff CHILD-S HAND- $2.00 value, now Sl.oO .«t Cover a.nd Dre«« Shield. them. Special at ...:..... .. ... -OOc the rnce Utters. {S«,c blue and pink. Krlce lOc
l^^^^ jjjtrrow' h hemstltehed ImCDnOCMDCDn sS?ation^ne?n^ S nu|i r ; ' Mights wtll iTve one inCDnOCMDCDP w^JLJ' £ « nJto St to
borders \piece '2c \\m K S I \ T ill K V* K U ' 5L under the arni also in /> f-rst as last. Freedom or 1 1 I K* K I B X T l\l BlP K 11 T'r— *s7T^ be here Monday morn-
LADIES' HANDKERCHIEFS-Made J U L II UU C 1 1 ULll U -5L2k front and back, and are J^ Lounging Robe, the mast J U L llU O L 11 U Ll 1 U J^ZzZ*—? in B and inspect thw
of Shamrock linen, narrow hem- »w— ¦¦<«<<«>-— a-v — amw /0rr<mL'\ lined with a vegetable /tilM*. comfortable garment for n hO3e. Made of combed
.-i itr >ie-.l borders, with Spanish work -.„- nnipr nilTTCD i*\ I?) substance which is odor- / /*W| J warm weather; made of MOWEY <JAVINfi QTflDC . ? « • », Maco yarn, fast bhek.
drawn thread inside. Now I H t PK U t-LU I I tK X^J^'/ less and washable. Free Jf^cL fancy colored riptircd MUN 1 1 "OA Y 1 110 O I Un t velvet finish, white soles: the kind that
Apiece lOc w W1 ii-ii y'^^V from all. poisoning sub- /$?/» white lawn: Mikado sleeves, will not hurt the most tender feet.
GENTS 1 HANDKERCHIEFS— Made R|R Uarkpt II fl'Farr;!! stance and will not hurt tM,y%M deep belt attached at waist, AfR MarVpt St II OTaiTPlI St w A pair 10c
of extra heavy Belfast linen, full size; 010 maiRBl 01. II U rfllldll d\, the most delicate skin. Dressmakers <i; $X ar finished with silk tassel; 0«0 WalnBl 01. II U rflllCll 01. CHILD'S HOSE— Madeof fast black
different widths of hemstitched bor- „.-_ -————. - m , T m«-.« m and man tailors find them indispensa~ finished and bound with colored sateen. w » T x nxr-nrw snTTmrm English thread, jersey knit, spliced
dcrs 81.25 a dozen or KAH. OBDEKS SOLICITED. ble to fit over: large, medium and We cannot describe the beauty and MAII. OBDBES SOLICITED. heel and toe> summer weight, full
Apiece 112%c *- J small sizes; all one price -oOe comfort of it in print. Price. .SI. |>O v J length, all sizes A pair 15cRh<Win concluded with the remark
that what is most needed here to in
sure greater safety and lower rates are
wider streets, • lower buildings and
more space between the structures.
"With a population of about 2,500,000,
Paris has fewer than 100 negroes with
in its limits. It is claimed that the col
ored population of all France is less
than 550. - ¦'. :. ~;i- .¦-^.-'~- J .L^,
known mining: engineer,' and a party
of experts are due here to-day In a
private car from Mexico, where they
have been inspecting several proper
ties. John Brock, a millionaire of
Philadelphia, who is largely inter
ested in the Tonopah Minins Com
pany and the new railroad being
built from Sodaville to the Tonopah
camp, i3 coming West with a party to
meet Hammond, and with the latter
he will ro to Nevada to inspect the
new road and the mine.
FOUR YOUXG BOYS ROB
HOME OF A RECLUSE
Secure $12,000, but Most of the Money
Is Recovered When They Are
Taken Into Custody.
WATERBURY. Conn., April 9.—Four
boys suspected of connection with the
robbery in Lanesville, Conn., when
$12,000 was stolen from the home of
Henry Davis, a recluse, were arrested
to-day. About $8000 was found in their
possession. All the boys are under 20
years of age. John Turner, 15 years
old, arrested at New Milford, charged
with complicity in the robbery, is said
to have made a full confession, taking
the officers to Brookfleld Junction,
where they found 51200 hidden under a
stone wall. All the boys are members
of respectable families.
Casey was taken to the Seventeenth
street police station and charged with
murder. He enjoys the reputation of
being a peaceful, law-abiding citizen
and is well liked in the Bernal Heights
district.
McNamee was 23 years old. He is
well known to the police and was con
sidered a dissolute character, quarreN
some and vicious.
William McNamee, a carpenter, 23
years of age, was shot and instantly
killed shortly after 8 o'clock last night
by William Casey, proprietor of a gro
cery and saloon at 521 Cortland ave
r.ue. The killing was the result of a
quarrel, and Casey says he fired the
fatal shot in self defense. He occupies
a cell at the Seven'teenth-street sta
tion. He is charged with murder.
There were several eye witnesses to
the tragedy, and they all corroborate
the statement made by Casey. Mc-
Namee entered the barroom of the
place shortly after 8 o'clock and en
gaged in a wordy row with Casey, who
ordered him out of the place and cau
tioned him not to return.
McNamee left reluctantly, muttering
as he walked away. He returned,
however, in about half an hour, and
this time started in to wreck the sa
loon. Casey jumped from behind the
bar and grabbed a club and started to
beat McNamee on the head.
He finally dropped the weapon and
the men engaged in a fist fight. They
were roughing it for several minutes
and Casey seemed to be getting the
better of the argument when McNamse
left the place.
He stepped inside the door a moment
later and made a rush at Casey, at
the same time making a motion as if
io draw a pistol from his back pocket.
<7asey pulled his revolver and fired
three shots at McNamee. The latter
fell dead on the floor. A bullet had
entered his left breast, near the heart.
Victor E. Rhodin of Stockholm, a
commissioner from the insurance
companies of . Sweden, arrived here
yesterday from the East and is regis
tered at the St. Francis. According
to the visitor, the purpose of his tour
of this country is to inspject conditions
in so far as they apply to insurance
risks, and particularly to those risks
assumed by the companies oLSweden,
which have been doing a large busi
ness in the United States, but at a
loss. Discussing this subject he said:
"Few of the ordinary insurers in
this country realize the great amount
of reassurance done by foreign com
panies, but it is very large, and, owing
to a number of recent big fires in the
United States, the losses have been in
excess of anything anticipated. The
fire 'n Baltimore two months ago was
a disastrous one for our companies
and it was immediately after this un
fortunate conflagration, that I was
sent over here to study your condi
tions. I have visited nearly all your
big cities in the East and from here
I visit the cities of the Middle West,
including St. Louis and Chicago. In
Chicago our risks are very large and
for that reason I am anxious to de
vote considerable time there."
Ithod'n's tour of inspection sa far
has not favorably impressed him with
the conditions of safety that , exist
here. After visiting New York,' 'Buf
falo, Rochester, Baltimore and Phila
delphia he arrived at the opinion that
a fire fa!milar to the recent one in Bal
timore may occur in any of the other
cities mentioned at any time and re
sult In as great a loss. This condition
of affairs he attributes, to what ap
pears to l^m to be lack of stringent
laws regulating the construction . of
buiJdings, and upon this subject he
says'*
"The laws of the majority of the
cities- in this country that I have vis
ited do not favorably compare .with
those of foreign cities. My own coun
try is so small that it would not be
fair to use it as a comparison, but say
you take London as an example.
There you will find very few buildings
over four -stories in height and most
of them are two *or three in height.
Even the largest do not rise over six
or seven stories, and particular atten
tion is given to facilities for fighting
fires. In this comparison, of course. I
do not include fire departments, for I
must admit that the department? of
the United States, so far as I have
seen, are ! remarkably good, • but I re
fer^ to the conditions surrounding the
buildings.
"In London it. is a municipal re
quirement that streets of a certain di
mension shall have buildings of a cer-
William McXamee Is Shot
Dead by William Casey
in the Lat tor's Barroom
Foreign Insurance Expert
Says That We Need More
Stringent Fire Ordinances
Lai^e Attendance Enjoys Select Pro
gramme of Music by Mandolin
Club and Vocal Solos.
An entertainment and ball was
given at Washington-square Hall last
evening for the benefit of Henry
Navarette, who is convalescent after a
very severe illness. After the per
formance the guests enjoyed a dance
and refreshments. The participants
were as follows: Professor Lombar
dero's mandolin club; "Paqaita,"
Spanish dancer; "Carmencita," Span
ish dancer; Sra. Elisa A. de Navarette,
soprano; Sra. Josefina Mesa de Kel
lum, contralto; Professor J. Lombar
dero, soloist; Mrs. Isabel de Ferro,
alto; H. Eca da Silva, accompanist.
QUARREL ENDS
IN A KILLING
SEES DEFECTS
IN OUR LAWS
BALL GIVEN FOR BENEFIT
OF HENRY NAVAIIETTJS
tain dimension, in order that firemen
shall have sufficient room for fight
ing fires from the streets as well as
the sides of the structures. In this
country the buildings abut each other
so that it is possible" to combat, a
fire from only one side, generally the
street. There are also other condi
tions that tend to make fire insurance
rates on the other side of the Atlantic
lower than in this country.
"According to our statistics America
has more disastrous fires than any other
country in the "world, and naturally
the uncertainty of the earning power
of insurance capital in America makes
the country undesirable to insurance
capital in foreign lands and is
ifHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1904.
PKItSOXAIi.
| Dr. F. Hasbroush of New York is
at the St. Francis. " ;~r; ; :^
George G. Knox, a well-known
business man of Sacramento, is in the
city. r\,'
Thomas N. Page, the well-known
author of Washington, arrived yester
day from Washington, D. C y with his
wife and is registered at the St.
Francis.
B. G. Gillett, general passenger
agent of the San Pedro, Salt Lake and
Los Angeles Railroad, and his wife are
up from Los Angeles and staying at
the St. Francis.
John Hays Hammond, the well-
There is at least one place in the
world the name of which has no vowels
in it. That place is the village of Ws,
near Paris.
Actress Dies From Pneumonia.
DUNKIRK. N. Y., April 9. — Mrs.
Addie Farwell, who has been playing
with Lewis Morrison's Faust Company
the last two seasons, died of pneumo
nia to-day, aged 64 years.
anxious to invest in that line of busi
ness."
30
pOAN'S KIDNEY PILLS.
, . - . % — ; ¦ : — ; — : — : — — — . \ ¦ ; : — — '. ' : . . ¦
»gagas6ga^6^€&a®3g€| Ooan's I^idney Pills ibb^bbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbbs
w JTk i> fe4 <**mBmi^^^ intm_. JK«lb ** m Ti Em . E^aT*
P ™^ tJg5>aaB£AeA*I^BE^EE3Hl>^aM^hJttMEIEiE^E>JE^BjBE^E^E^E»y^^^yjj^E^jpj^^M^3^^^E^E^S p^^^Bf^jE^^m j^tff ¦JBff^^r^MJ^fj&f'nM^UBHBm^^wT I^BpJBI
k t—^ ftk I—^ /^r i>r ¦ " re lounu hi every j&r ¦ ¦ ¦ '^m. I iii4A/i ¦— £ «ri /t ms^^* come to tnose wno b h
D ••--•-- OdO Ddt^ household. I IF CO O^ACfVo are forced to over- I |^ |
A back is a bad back when it aches or when % * ax em n e^ r a^ duties. Ever realize | g B I
., , , . _• D .. , r that it isn't really the back that's tired, but the I **^ I
\ us lame and painful. Bad backs come from j~ZI~W^lr e^^^^^3!L v}\ > Th ' Yd I f\ I
sick kidneys and warn you of serious trouble : come congested, and when they "play out" the I j^ I
| Backache may not seem serious to you, but fcz^^^g^^ \~ll Healthy people have strong backs. I I
8 I it's an early symptomatic indication of dan- WB^ IW Learn to be healthy through keeping the kid- V »
' W"^^ I w ne Y s active. Doan's Kidney Pills keep the kid- I
Ki gerous diabetes, of dropsv, >of Bnght's disease %»difif \ M ' " I- j • r , B w 'y'
1 * W ; \M neys active, correct and cure infrequent or I \Z^
| —Better cure it when it's only backache. 1|| "^ excessive urinary discharges, painful urination \ Mv
i - Doan's Kidney Pills cure every kidney ill. and all bladder and kidney troubles.
i u\ tl y PR fi\ u 2p 4 sbJ? B™ 1 ! E~i
N(rl \ \ P 8 n eLEnLd I I I 91 II This coupon good for one free trial box of DOAN'S ¦ /> /i I I P i ;/i I I I k I >|| k II ill I I I iv>
C4I1 I 1 WIlVlVVV 1 1 VVil KIDNEY PILLS. Write plainly Name and Address. %J %A I I I I lAllVlOVV/ 1 1 VV/1 I t % IV
Send to Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo/ N. Y., and a free ;rV-; r A
I ' ' - . trIaI w '" c sent y° u promptly. ¦ ¦ ; I .. :: _^ H ¦¦— *
E | ~ ~ - iWk «_ i ___ r _^^ 1 ~ [ I JG
i x/ j HYDE STREET. j [ SIXTH STREET. | | ; EDDY STREET. || || HAYES STREET. S | *j
* I F. T. Collins, silk hatter, of 1010% David Voss, baker, of 503 Sixth j llv^ I" liaUWSWU VC11 11WUUU13. | , = 4r Schwart^^r.tajwM-^ de^j . Mrs.. Patrick Reardon' (wife of Pat- |
I Hyde .... says: "It is a difficult matter street, says: "For six or seven months | -^fflW^«»SSSMl^^^55^»*SWSfe^ 1 "F&aVwVt Jwe'it^e.^'j.ve b^SuhSSt rick Reardon, contractor for sewers. I
3 t.. give greater praise to Doan s Kidney ... ,, - , , . H JS^Sr* -X" ¦ H . , ,, twenty > ears 1 nave Deen auDjeci «
1 H " , 111 • P ain >» tn e small of mv back just over Ba JkmSSiI ¦ ' ?s^ ¦ m to klllne - v complaint, but for the lust twelve . n recj^enc-. o IO Haves street sivs- PI
• D 1'nls than their remarkable curative J H C^SSa W^ttr?i^* WffiS^fflzffi&^Effl 63 the attacks were much more pronounced and of etc.;, rcsmence 319 naj es Sireei, says. w
t"^^ R properties deserve. For several years I the kidneys plainly told me there B I^^^^^S I ha" Ch bela^W^S^wsvSl' 11 u£oi ™" "Before I went to the Owl Drue | ¥ "^
y \ VlllS lj °thrrcd more or If-.-^s with kidney was something wrong with those or- w '•'^H^P^ K^^^^^^^»»*fl H at he could not leave the holl!<e> Store 1128 Market street for Doan's • H M a
—^^ tt complaint, particularly if I contracted a gans. Naturally a man in this con- H V «^^^»^^^^^K B whiich c^m^t'o his V no > tice n from n rea(nns n 'ne r w^- '„., ' „.,, T , , . \ , ,. 13 m"^^ E
I* cold, which was sure to seat itself in the .,:.-,.. : s on t ,' out]ook f or some H I r>=pe« or which he was advised to use by his Kidney I ills I had exhausted all my « g g
•; Clllion is on me OUllOOK lor some- Eu \V*^^^^^^K£*?^iSi5v5fiKK^S'Sr'fSS : *y " 13 friends, when he has Invested In the most ex- l,nn,i-l»rlfr» nf ,-, r ; r ,-, r ->T Vi^..c«.V.^U1 M -**> 9
I region of my back just over the kidneys. ,¦..,, ,. ¦ , g W pensive electric b«-lt procurable, when he has knowledge of urinary household H X .,.H
S I fooled around for a long time trying ° raaicaii} aispose 01 me irou- n . . .. - ra V ,- O rn flannel bandagea over the kidney 9 for makeshifts and tried remedy after 6j H
w ft }ii,» nr -., 1<> n cf rhprlr It itifl rtn«> cvra- HI IJ months, when (some of the attacks were so se- V n
| ft medicines of various kinds, none or U1C or ai 1CdSl «- I1CLK ll » auu uuc cvcu H W vere that he feU on the street had t0 be remedy guaranteed to cure attacks of H 9 P
1 1 which even helped, and finally Mrs. Col- ing while reading my paper I came | . | }f k a f t X e ca^\X P u a s n C hTnsV 8^^^^^ backache, but I was unsuccessful in i * 1
I 1 i2^y r S^St across an advertisement which stated | . . . | creuon^ dark brown. procuring anything to K ive lasting re- § |fg| |
w 1 first box had not brought results. I ean t^vTniw^wlZTn* lc, * ** S "tS^S verely that I could not rise from a | f |
5 „ S positively guarantee this, I never would tne INO x erceniage urug oiore, 949 n street and No , Eg about the means he employs to get relief, i c h a ir for hours at a time, and when £j a a S
I-"*^ ± « v.» j j !*¦ .1. j ATarkpt street for a bov It ner- m t! used Doan's Kidney Pills, getting: them at the fi * S
K have bought a second, and if the second ."\iarKet street, ior a dox. xtper g gg No Perce ntage and Owl drug Btores. if the in this condition it was just as painful H g
£> * had not stopped the last attack, and. formed its work quickly and faithfull}'. H * n first box had not given undoubted improvement • , _. , „., _.„ B Q- H
§ v.hat is better, there has not been a Afte." a course of the treatment the | Place | 'l£? u % Thad losf " SSh ta^medicine' toTcerl to move around. Doan s Kidney Pills H 5> 0
3 I symptom of a recurrence for six months, backache ceased and up to date B 3 tain extent. You are at liberty to tell resi- absolutely stopped the last attack. I'M-- m
I could not be induced under any circum- 1 i_ . u ± c m ' ' H dents of San Francisco that I am more than „„„, T,«n».r ,,,Vnf tn .k» cVinuM n*U~r~ n ¦
! stances to publicly recommend the prep- there has not been a symptom of a | _ ... R pleased to recommend Doan's Kidney Pius and now. know. what to use should others » a
gi • . {vV
AJ3UEBTIBEMENTS. >
|EIKEBEKEKEZECaCEBSHEIHBECIZaaEHEEZBEBKBBBEBBHH B
| Do you need to be cured ? Do you want S
5 to be cured ? We can do it. Scores of the best |
5 residents of this, city have been. cured by us. g
g Call for names and addresses. Cure is safe, 5
; painless and permanent. No pay till cured. 5
I Fidelity Rupture Cure f
1 1344 flarket Street San Francisco g
¦ . a
KBEESEIEEEEBSEEEHHBZKEKaQBaCBHBHBSBlBBaBBlBEH
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
If Schlitz Beer Is Just This.-, II
Iff Barley selected by a partner in our concern — from the best *w|
W barley that grows. And We malt it ourselves. W
W Hops — brought in large part from Bohemia — selected by our * S
1 buyers from the finest hops in the worjd. / »
i Water from six artesian wells bored I4ot> feet to rock* m
1 just a food and a tonic— brewed with the extreme of cleanliness I
I —cooled in filtered air— sterilized after it is sealed. - I
1 Schlitz beer is pure, because our process is cleanly, and I
1 because the beer is filtered, then Pasteurized. 1
B'' It does not ferment on the stomach, because it is aged— aged I
IB for months in refrigerating rooms before it is marketed. I
1^ It is a health drink without germs in it. It gives you beer with- 1
%^»^ out biliousness. Ask for the brewery fig
-**^ The Beer That Made Milwaukee feBoyslA 3Ic;:iorInI Tablet.
A year ago Keith * Parlor," Native
Daughters of the Golden West, plant
ed a memorial. tree in. the historic val
ley of Golden Gate Park. '\'C Yesterday
the n nniversary ; of the ¦ planting was
commemorated by .the : parlor ¦ by , the
placing in' front- of the, tree. of an art
istic bronze tablet setting forth 1 the
fact that the tree planted by. the par
lor. named was \ the '• first j dedicated to
the State by/a' parlor -of the; order.
There were . short 'addresses appropri
ate to the occasion ': b'y Past .Grand
President Keith, * Past President Dr. "A.
Florence Temple, ; Deputy Gra'rid : Prea'
ideritAGenevieve Carroll and several
others. v
Penobscot County claims the oldest
horse-in Maine,- if not in the -country.
His name is Tommy; Foskett. He is
forty-two years * old :• and there , is no
question about his age. f -
Vacation 100!.
The Rfiort CdoU of, the Paclllc -Coast Is, now
being distributed by ths California Northwest
era Railway, and contains over to0 pases of
detailed Information regarding select camping
tpots. Mineral - Spring Resorts. Private Homes
and Farms where Summer Boarder* are taken
from $7 per week up. Call cr write for 3
copy. ¦ " .. ' * •
To Select p. Queen.
At a meeting of the representatives
of the circles of the Companions of the
Foresters of America held last Fri
day night, temporary officers were
elected to perfect arrangements for
the participation of the circles and
the election of a queen and maids of
honor for the coming carnival and
street fair to be given by the Califor
nia relief fund of the Foresters of
America of San Francisco.
. The trial of Alexander B. Garnett.
charged with the murder of Major J.
W. McClung in the rooms of Mrs.
Elizabeth W. Coit at the Palace Hotels
vas to have commenced in Judge Law
lor's court yesterday, but when the
case was called Attorney W. D. Grady
filed affidavits by himself, the de
fendant and Attorney H. W. Bradley
and asked for a continuance.-
The affidavits of Grady and the de
fendant recited the facts that Mrs.
Elizabeth W. Coit was a material and
necessary witness for the defense, as
she could prove among other things
that at the time the deceased was at
tempting to take the revolver from the
defendant It vas accidentally ..dis
charged, . and that when the deceased
rose from his seat and approached the
defendant. ' a revolver was lying on a
table beside him; also that when' de
ceased knew that death was impend
ing he had declared that the revolver
was accidentally discharged and de-
Two men sustained injuries that
may result fatally and two more were
seriously injured by the falling of a
painter's "swing" in the rear of the
Palace Hotel yesterday afternoon.
Con Gunderson, who resides at S3
Clementina street, was treated at the
Harbor Hospital for a fractured skull,
two fractured ribs, extensive internal
Injuries, contusions of the chest, right
elbow and both hips. C. A. Bort. liv
ing at 758 Howard street, suffered a
dislocation and fracture of the right
hipbone, internal injuries and a deep
laceration over the. right eye. Both
may die. John Cole of 434 Minna
street suffered from shock and 'deep
cuts on the left hand and Joseph
J-amieson of 416 Turk street was treat
ed for a serious contusion of the left
hip.
The accident was caused by over
weighting the "swing." At the time
it happened there were six men on the
planking and the strain. was too great.
The center rope, which is held in po
sition on the roof, "snapped and the
swing broke in the center. The four
men that were injured were pitched Xp
the sidewalk, thirty-flve feet below,
but the two others, N. Spencer of 909
Ke'arny street and C. Peterson of 118
Sixth street, clung to the""two outer
ropes and landed safely.
The painters were working on the
Jessie-street side of the Palace Hotel
and had painted the building from the
roof down to the first story. Three of
them were on the sv.ing and three
more stood on a fire escape.*; Prepara
tory to moving their appartus the
three men that were on the. fire escape
climbed intothe swing that they might
be lowered to the - ground. Peterson
and Spencer released the end ropes
and Bort had charge of the center.*
When an attempt was made" to de
scend the center rope was .heard . to
snap,, the. planking broke in two and
the four unfortunate men plunged to
the sidewalk.
All of the > men were . employed by
John Quardt, who, has the contract for
painting- ;the. hotel. ,
Defense Insists Upon the
Evidence of Mrs. E. W. Coit
Being Taken in France
Breaking- of "Swing" in Rear
of Palace Hotel Results in
' a Very Serious Accident
CARNETT TRIAL
IS POSTPONED
POOR WINTERS
BADLY INJURED
fendunt had no intention of killing de
ceased.
The request was made that a com
mission be appointed to take the evi
dence of Mrs. Coit at the Grand Hotel.
Paris. France, and the affidavit of At
torney Bradley was to the effect that
he had sent a cablegram to Mrs. Coit
at that address on' March 22 and had
received a reply that she was willing
to give her testimony to a commission.
Attorney H. T. Creswell was called
in support of the afttdavits-andhe tes
tified that he was Mrs. Coit's adviser,
although not her legal adviser. Mrs.
Coit had visited his cousin. Miss Flor
rie Green, in Paris, and Mrs. Colt was
at present stopping at the Grand Ho
tel. He had known the defendant for
thirty years and Mrs. Coit had been a
friend of the defendant for many
years. Mrs. Coit had always evinced a
disposition to testify in the case, and
had testified in Police Judge Fritz's
court against his and her medical ad
viser's wishes.
* The Judge continued the matter un
til to-morrow afternoon at 4 o'clock
for further hearing.
Fulton street, between Parker, avenue
and Stanyan street, will be sold at pub
lic auction on Thursday, April 21, at
noon at Union Square Hall, 421 Post
street, by Henry Stern of David Stern
& Sons,. 11 Montgomery street. This
property lies at the highest point on
Fulton street and is directly c-pposite
Golden Gate Park. It commands an
unobstructed marine view of San Fran
cisco Bay, Pacific Ocean, Oakland and
Alameda countries and the Presidio
reservation. Mr. Stern -has had an ob
servatory built upon this property for
those desirous of taking advantage of
the same. The McAllister-street cars
pass in front of the property and all
other lines that go to the Golden Gate
Park are within a few blocks.
'Next Tuesday Easton, Eldridge &
Co. will hold a regular auction and will
offer properties for sale as follows:
Lot OOxlCO feet with flats and double tot
taee at 3*H, 3SS and 31K) Dolnren str:et; lot
29x137:6 and hou^e. ot M27 Pacific avenue:
lot C4:«xl00 feet f.nd two flats, at 2404 and
2404>> Polk street; lot 27:t>xl.12:« and resi
dence" at SOI!* Sacramento street; lot 23x7.'. ffet
and lrr;-rnv*mem*. on t*«- west Hn» of Rlfh
i-treet. 100 feet south of Folsom, off Third: a lot
of irregule.r nhane and nominal improvements,
at 410 to 42"? Montcomery avenu*: lot 25x75
feet with two fists, at 1^7 nnd 137% Clarn
street; lot 26x110 feet, en the cast line of
Uroderlck street, 3.1:0 south or Grove strtet;
two !otF, 2.*>xlOO feet each, on the south side
of Union street, commencing 37:G weM of
Laguna street, and a lot 2t5xlOO f*et. on the
earn line of Alabama street, 104 feet north
of Twenty-third street.
On Thursday. April 21, the Von Rhein
Real Estate Company will sell the fol
lowing properties at auction:
Lot J2S: 10x775 feet, on th* northeast sld»
of Townsend strevt. 80 feet southwest of Stan
ford between Second and Third; lot 27:Cx
1^7:6. with three flats renting for 5190 a
month, on the north side of Broadway, weet
of Van Xess avenue: the corner of Market
and 'Church street*: lot 4CxU» feet and four
story bulldlnc renting for $2tHO p;r annum,
at 13CS to 1314 Stockton street: lot 41x75 feet
and two stores and a twelve-room flat, on the
south side of Union street, 31 feet west of
Octavia: lot 43:10x1)0. and th» brick and
framp buildins: at 712 and 714 Sansome street,
rent ins for ?71 80; lot 25x137:0 and cottage,
at — n:i California street: lot 31x103:0.. on the
past line of Devl?adero street. IS f.-et south
of Union: the southeast corner of .11 street
nnd Eleventh -aveiiuc, 82:fixlOO fret; lot .14:.Sx
7". nnd two -hew* at ?«C7. anil 2001» Mnrii>o»;a
street; lot 50*100. on the trert side of Dolores
ftreet 60 feet fiuth of l.ib.ity; \ lot* ftWxSO
feet and two stores and four flatp. renting
for $112, at S»?4-Folsom Ftr*-et. and the north
cast corner of Twentv-foyrth ar.d Shotwell
Uriets. 55x00 feet, with four houses and. two
flats. ? '.-
Nelson, Johnson & Co. will scon move
from 205 Montgomery street to 203
Montgomery street to secure more room
for their business.
Easjpn," Eldridge & Co. have com
pleted arrangements for their special
excursion auction sale to take place
In Chico Saturday, April 23. The spe
cial train will leave San Francisco at
8 p. m. Friday, April 22, arriving in
Sacramento at 3:30 a. m., and, stop
ping at way stations, due to arrive in
Chico early Saturday morning. The
offering comprises the Ninth Subdivi
sion of the John Bidwell estate, front
ins on Humboldt avenue, in the heart
of the city of Chico, and comprises
villa lots and acreage property, accord
ing to the official survey of the sub
division. Plillman cars will be attached
to the train and accommodations of
fered to excursionists of $2 for double
berths for two nights. The round trip
excursion ticket is placed at 55 40 frc-m
San Francisco and return, and 53 90
from Sacramento and return, and from
all way stations the round trip ticket
is placed at the fare for the passage
one way.
The city of Chico has made wonder
ful strides in the last few years, owing
to important developments, and espe
cially the" disposition on the. part of
the John Bidwell estate to place on
the market a portion of its holdings,
which has served to give the entire
community a great impetus. Exten
sive improvements have been made by
the Diamond Match Company, and to
meet the improving conditions a mod
ern street electric railway is being con
structed through the city and into the
suburbs, which is developing Chico,
Everything promises well for an im
portant interior city at this point.
G. H. Umbsen & Co. announce that
they will sell the following prc-perties
by order of the board of directors 'of
the Savings and Loan Society, ' 101
Montgomery street, on Monday, April
18, at noon: ..; .¦>;¦ :''.'.
AUmcda residence at 1104 Tacific avenue,
toutheast corner of Morton street, ft rooms and
bath, laundry, etc., lot 150x115: Alameda cot
tage at 1232 Broadway, near Enclnal avenue,
cottage of G rooms, bath, laundry, etc.. lot 50x
140; alpo in city realty, northwest corner ot
Douslast and Seward streets. 100x113; Diamond
street, east line, between Twenty-flm and
Twenty-second streets, lot 23x123; Twenty-fifth
street, south line, between Diamond and Doug
lass street.*, - three lots, 2tJ:Ssll-l each; north
w*j=t ccrncr of Twenty-fifth and DouglasH
streets. S0xl23, in subdivisions; southwest cor
ner Njf Twenty-sixth and Castro streets, 60:10
xll4, in subdivisions; Twenty-first street, north
line, between Sanchex and Noe streets, two
lots, 25x114 each; northeast corner Montezuzna
street and Cc*o avenue. 12ox~0, irregular, ln
subdivision?: northeast corner Sanchez and
Palmer streets. 21xlC2. Irregular; northeast
corner Twenty-first and Colllngwood streeU,
123x410, iu subdivisions.
The property en the north line of
Th? tone of the local realty market
is buoyant. The character of the deals
has changed materially In a few
months. The situation is this— the
buyers of medium sized properties now
have the greater number of sales
credited to their account. These facts
have been frequently mentioned of late
:n thcte columns. The San FrJtncisco
Heal Estate Circular for the current
month says: "The investor of small
means is now seeking income-paying
j.rcperties, from 57500 to 515.000, and
the homeseeker with $100!) to 52000 to
s-;tnd for a home Is buying." Prob
ably the modest limit placed In the
foregoing by the Real Estate Circular
could safely be raised somewhat, al
though in a general way the situation
is about as described. There Is money
enough in the city to cover the entire
peninsula with buildings If the inhabi
tants wcr« so minded. The Bank
Commissioners report that the deposits
Ln the savir.^s banks of this city alone
amounted to more than 5160,000,000
last year. About 50 per cent of the
savings bank dei>osits are loaned on
real estate, the exact figures being at
;he end of last year: Deposits. 5160.
rol,S61.SS; loaned on real estate. 5S0.
€S:,305.;i.
Davidson & Leigh have sold for Her
man Tietjen and others S4.10 feet on
Pine street, with an irregular depth of
6S feet on St. Mary's place, beins the
ncrthCaFt corner of Pine street and St.
Mary's place, to Dr. William Ed
wards and Jaines Connelly, for J60.C00.
On the property is a four-Btory brick
building, erected a few years ago at a
cost of about $18,000. Improvements
•will be added by the new owners. Da
vidson & Leigh have also sold the fol
lowing rr.enticned properties:
J. F. Schcttler to H. F- McDcr.ald. the two
ftat». «*1 and 03 Pon<3 etreet. with let 25x65 :3.
for $ST50: for J. an<J M. H. Haas, the let.
TO**'', with flat*. Ill and 113 Silver etreet. Tcr
SUUOO; for thr Recent* of Stanford Cniverslty.
i"%enty-ecre ranch near Martinet to W. S.
TfESlac, for $2500; for M. A. Cuslck et al..
the cottar* ar.d lot, 40:6x100, on the
west line of Guerrero street. 129 feet north
r' Nineteenth, to Eraeiy l_*r»in. for $4T30; for
R Vm I>er Naillen. the lot and Improve
ments on the south line of Post street. 1SO:!>
»e»t of Octavia, 25:10x120. to Joseph Gayere.
r $^oor> : f cr a. Brandensteln. the lot on th
r.crth lire of Yallejo Ftreet. 00 feet east ot
Pierce 30x120 to H. W. Tuckey. for $3350:
fcr th» estate of I. W. Lees. lot on the north
line of Randall street. 2S8 feet east of Chenery.
3Cxi:». to E. F. Tanner, for iUO: for E. M.
Ma«r*rt to Abe Levy, lot and Improvements
on the west line of Flllmore street. 108 feet
rort»i of Sacramento. 23x100, for $10,000; for
Rfnr* Bros, to Emma H. Brown, the fix
flat* en the southeast line of Shipley street.
475 teet wt*t of Fifth, 23x75. for $5000; for
J 'W. Hamilton to Osvar Heyman. three lots
on the *nuth tine of Berlin etreet. 125 feet
north of Weylind, 75x120 feet, tor $700; Tor
the rartrU*«;e e«tat» to E. M. MatTKart. the
lot on the »<mth line of California «tr«ret.
Uta we« cf Baker. 23x137 :«. for $2600; fur
J. F. Pchottler. the lot and four flats on the
f'litfie&Ft line of Clara «tre*t. 20<>:3 northeast
cf Fifth. 22:11x75. to A. E. Kroenke. for $?<«*.»;
Daily ettate to H. C
Trowbrldjre. it
lot and improvements on the w»*t line of
Raufch street. 17R feet north of F"ol*om. 5Ox
112 fe*t. for $<y»i*>; for th» Standard Oil Oorn
r-sny. the lot on the west line of Dore or
Caroline street. ITS feet north cf Folnom.
TfxW with brick stable thereon, to J. Ca»
•frett'o. for $lf'.0i!0; for M. A. Cuslck et a!..
the lot on thp «-aot line of Fair Oak* utre.t.
C\ feet north of Twenty-second. 35x117:4. to
Jt**ph Sullivan, fcr $2200; for the cf
I. W. L.'**. the lot on the north fine of Ran
dall street. !?*2 feet *a?t of Ornery. 27x133,
t: LciMii N*y*ier, for $!'W.
DEALS JUST EFFECTED.
Baldwin & Howell report the sale
from C. W. Clarke to O. W. Nordwell
62.6 feet on California street. 65 feet
past of Battery street, with depth of
137.6 on the easterly line and 120 feet
on the westerly line, with a two-story
hrick building, for 590.000.
Th^> same firm has sold for O. W.
Nordwell to Martin Sherwood the
property on the northwest side of
Harrison street, 300 feet west of Fifth
street, fronting 200 feet on Harrison
etreet. with a depth of SO feet, for $40.
©00. In both transactions Mr. Nord
vll was represented by A. T. Green.
Another transaction through Baldwin
& Howell consists of the sale of the
vacant lot 125 feet front by 127.5% feet
In depth, on the south side of Jackson
street. 110 feet west of Gough. sold for
Thomas B. Bishop, for 526,500. ;;-*'":
Baldwin & Howell also report the
sale for the Spring Valley Water
Company of the vacant lot
137.6x157.6 on the southwest cor
ner of Larkin and Chestnut
streets, which was sold to George M.
Perine for $17,100. Mr. Perine pur
chased the property with several
friends with the Intention of construct
ing residences. The lot will be divided
into three lots of 45 feet 10 inches each,
fronting on Larkin street. The view
from the property overlooks the bay
and Golden Gate and is unobstructed.
The new improvements will constitute
an interesting feature among the mod
ern residences that are being con
structed on the Hyde-street hiil.
The following sales are rei>orted by
R. D. Cranston & Sons:
Lot en the westerly line of Belvedere street.
258 feet south of Wa!I-r, 24:0x120. ar.tl tw u
r.ew flat* therrcn. for Mrs. Isabella Andrews
to Sir*. Florence Newman; building containing
three »toret and two Gats of seven rjems each,
en the south side of Haight street, S7:fi feet
east cf Masonic avenue, fcr Marraret Dono
van to Georse L. Firestine of Napa City, the
lot beinr ZZ.xlOO: two lot*. 27:«3xJ10 each, ca
the easterly line of Stcln»r street. 55 feet north
of Pen. fcr l>av!d F. McGraw to Albert Han
»er»; three m*>dern fists, containing six rocms
and bath each, p.r.d lot 25xlC0. ou the north
lir.i. of F:fteenth street. 55 fen east lrcm
Nee. ?cr Mosf? Fisher to Ferdinand II. EKgers:
lot «n the north line of Waller street. 170 feet
east of Co!e. 25x100. fcr Robert Moody to Mr>.
I. A. Anfirewi. with etore nr.d P.at. rente.j
under lease fcr $C> per month: for Mary F.
Lawless, lot on the eart slfie cf Stanyan 5tre»t.
50 feet routh of the southerly line of Rlvoli
avenue. 25x100. to Neils M. Peterson: for Ed
ward J. Duffer. let 50xS» feet en the west
«ide cf De Lone avenue. 22*5:6 feet north of
Frederick street, to Edward L. LandeRren: f...r
Jchn A. Jaunet to Mary Ann Jones, two flacs
on the south line of Clara street, 116::* f«?«t
east of Sixth. 2<>:3xS0 feet: to John Shcefcy
of Santa Clara County for J. Loonsy. lot on
the north side of Haicht street, 25x100 feet,
23 feet east of Pierce, improvements three
modern flats of 5 rocms ard bath each.
R. D. Cranston & Sons have nego
tiated a lease for Dr. Lee O. Rodgers
with the Postofflce De-partment at
Washington for the erection of a
postofflce to accommodate twenty car
riers on the lots belonging to the for
mer on the east side of Masonic ave
nue, 25 feet south of Haight street.
COUNTRY AND CITY.
Boardman Bros. & Co. have made
the following sales in their country de
partment:
Lot 35 In block B. University Park Tract,
in Berkeley, to F. V. Du Brutz. fcr $425; lot
39. block B. In the Bam* tract, to U E.
Campbell, for $425; a portion o f the J. L>.
Tost ranrh. in Sjnoma County, and OBailH*
Inir of about thirty acre* of orchard and pas
tur: lend, with the well-known Yost resi
dence, near Kenwood, eotd to W. It. Stearns
on orivate term*; for Mr*. Hunt to W. H.
Platt. th>.- ranch of the late Thomas Hunt,
consisting cf eighteen acres near Kenwood.
Sonoma County. constJtinc of orchard and
pasture land and a iridertcp. for $35CO; a lot
in tha P1xl»y Tract, in Corte Madt-ra. .M'xir.O
ft.. R. D. Joncn to G. B. Schiaffino, for about
J230; fur Mr«. M. K. »o«i. B8 acr>? M the
\VIlnoa tract, belns; a !«ortlcn «if ihe Yoct
raroh. near K»n»ood. Sunnnia Coun;y. and
consictfCg of fcrnin and panure lands, to ¦ t.
IV, Kinr, en private terins. j
G. H. Umbfen & Co. have sold to
the Towle Estate Company 80x103
feet on the north corner of Third
and Clementina streets fcr M. Eng
lish on private terms. A seven-story
brick building to cost $75,000 will be
erected on the site.
The sale of the Commercial Hotel
property for $165,000 has been au
thorized by the Bradford Investment
Company to M. R. Krigbaum &• Co.
This concern, with Umbsen & Co., is
negotiating with a prospective pur
chaser.
Shainwald. Buckbee & Co. report the
Fale as follows of lots in the Presidio
Heights c*3trict, all of which are to be
improved with modern residences as
soon as deeds pass:
For W. Stauf to C I* neretta. lot on the
north line of Clay etreot, 137 :<» feet fast of
Spruce. 30x127 :S feet, for $4400; for E. P.
Gray to H. A. Kinc, lot en thf- north line cf
Clay street. O»:l> feet east of Mai>l». 34:44x
100 fe*t. for $4750; for E. P. Gray to S. J.
Eva lot on the north line of Clay street,
103:11, f~et east of Maule, 3l:4» 3 xI27:SV»
ftet. tor $5150.
Other sales by Messrs. Shainwald.
Buckbee & Co. are as follows:
The property on the east lint- of FV>tk str^f.
with three-story building. S7:lo feet north
of Wartiincxcn. .-aMOUJcW ff»t. for ?24.5<iO.
for Felton Taylor to Mrs. Man' Oppenh-haor;
for Mrs. Arnes Flnley. lot on the north line
of Fourteenth 5tre«--t. 50 feet east of Walter.
25x113 te*t. fcr $2300: for M. Heyman. lot on
the south line of t'nlon street. 110 feet west
of Scott, 27:6x137:6 tfet, for $2100. J
THE OUTSIDE LANDS.
The following sales have been made
by Lyon & Hoag:
Lot en north tide of Haight street. 0:1 feet
w-ett of Central avenue. »5xlOO feet. Uaird es
tate to Thomas J. Rowan. $2S50; lot on the
south hide of Page street, lit*:.; west c( Ma
tonic avenue. 00x137 :«. $i'JO0; lot on the west
line of Harrison street. 120 feet north of Nine
teenth, 40x122 feit. >6500; lot and new resi
dence en the west side of Filimore street, 50
fe*t n-Drtii of Green, 2jx60 feet. Mi«. J. J.
Mezee to Fannie J. Black, istOO; lot on the
routh side cf Lake »tre«rt. 50 feet wej-t of
Twcrty-firft avenue. TwxlCO feet. $1M)O; lot and
Improvements en the »-est side of Sixth avenue,
J10 feet north of 1 street. 20x120 feet, .<«»".«.(.»:
lot en the north side of Twenty-second street,
97:0 w«-»t of llarTison. 2.*.x;i."i feet, $5fn>J; tou-.h
east corn«-r of A rtrett and Third avenue, 5ux
95 feet, $2600; northweft corner of Fourth ave
nue and A street. ZZUblOO fet-t. $2000; lot on
west elde of Third avenue, 175 tett north of A
tstrt-et. 25x120 feet, I10&O: lot on the «-est side
of Fourth avor.ue, 00 feet south of If ttreet.
2ux9S leet. $1175; southeast corner of. Third
kvenue and A street. 2Iixu5 f«<-t. HMO; lot
<>n the fi« side of Fourth avenue, J>5 feet south
of L rtreet, Jaxti.", feet. $1175: 1M on north Bide
of U street, 05 feet east of Third avenue. 'Six
100 feet, $1150: lot «>n the west side of Third
avenue. ISO feet north of A street, 25x120 leet,
$lu50; northeast corner of C street and Fourth
«venue. '.«x".i.* feet. $4500; lot en the weal tl<ie
of Third avenue. 125 feet north of A street.
25x120 feet. $1050; lot on the cast line uf
Fourth avenue. 25o feet north cf A street. 25x
iru feet. $1030; south<-ast corner of Third ave
nue and \i street. 25vli.'. feet. $1UX>; lot oti the
ea*t side of Third avenue. 275 feet north of A
street, 25x120 feet. $1C5O.
Lyon £z. Hoag also report a brisk
demand for lots in the Jordan tract.
Fifteen lots have been sold and con
tracts have been let for the construc
tion of several dwellings. The size of
the lots and the restrictions regarding
buildings have helped to stimulate the
interest.
The following sales are reported by
Baldwin & Howell:
A. Meyer to Mary A. O'Day. lot on the cart
aide of Twenty-tint' avenue. 2wO feet «outh of
H street, Z5xl2u. for CC5O: lot on the eiuit
¦lde of Fortr-Klxth avenue, lou feet couth of
y. fctrect, 5Cxl2U. for $wO, eold by A. Mey:r
to Josephine G. Gracell; Kttherine M. *Ua!l
to Jo*e:<hine Ccert. southeast corner of II
rtrect and Forty-fifth avmue. for il.".-j.
A. Meyer to Mary McKlsstry. west
«lde of Twtntv-flret avenue. 2W feet south
of H street. 25x120. for $UiO: John G. Jury
to Louis H. Danhauer. weft cide of Tneniy
nf;h s venue. 25 feet north of A strict, ••ox
101. for $*T5; Mrs. FartfcUiK to F. J. LisU
bcrs, south line of M etrect, Cl:8 fett cait tf
Tenth avenue, £3:2x100, for $6W; lot and iv
riovemeata on tbe cast' uldt of Eleventh
avenue, 200 feet north of J street. 25xl2U.
arid new residence of 7 roctns and bath, by
Mr*. M. G. Black to a client for $4100; M. T.
Mnrahan to Malvlra H. Tratt. west si.Je of
Eleventh avenue. 15 feet north of K «treet, 2jx
12tt. for ST.Vi; L. T. Hanson to William ¦ J.
Kir. lie, south eldi or Lake rtrect. 32:0 feet
west of Fourth avenue, 2js100,- lor $1350:
Htrrlrt Pardoe to K'.'.zi.biib Krnncdy. lot arel
ls>provementa on the cast fide of Fourth
avenue IU> feet south of Lake street, 23xUu.
Quest for Minor Investment Properties Engages Attention
of Men With Limited Means and Home Seekers Also Put
Coin Into Real Values and Show Faith in Lots in the City
MANY SMALL INVESTORS
MAKE MARKET BUOYANT
¦ftiih 2-story baiement and attic : residence of
seven rooms and bath, for S42U0; in Parnassus
Heights. A. Meyer to Bertha W. SUyton, let
on the west side of Fifth avenue, 85 Xeet north
of I street. 23x95. for JH50; A.- Meyer , to
Thomas E. Bree. lot on the west side, of
Fifth avenue. CO feet north of I street.
2SxS3, for S1450; Minnie E. Schutte to
A. Phcian. lot and improvements on the
ej>st aide of Lotta street, 50 feet south
of Parnassus avenue. £3x81:3, improvtments
conslstit:; of a new cottape of 5 rooms
and batb. for $5500; W. A. Williamson to
Selma Pabst. lot on the west side of Fifth
avenue, 145 feet south of H street. 25x120. for
11525; William A Jones to Henry G. Trull,
lot and improvements on the east side of
Willard street. 490 feet south of Parnassus
avenue, 25x96. with modern residence of eight
rocms and bath, tor $6000; E. E. Schrader to
Ft. O. Hoffman, lot on the east side of Sixth
a\cnu<». 25 feet north of Huto street, 25x95.
for flOOi; S. A. Born to J. *?. Richards, lot
and improvements on the west side of Sixth
avenue, CO feet north of I street. 25x95, with
entirely new 2-»tory residence of elKht rooms
and lath, for $0o0o: Lyon & Hoag represent
ing the purchaser ia this transaction; John
Trounson to B. P. Oliver, lot on the east side
of Seventh avenue. 25 feet north of Hugo
¦tiect. -r.xt'i. for $1450; E. Million to Sarah H.
Wrlrht. lot on the east side of Sixth avenue.
O» tiret north of I street. 23x05, for $1500;
Wi'.iiam Kollmann to J. R. Tlernan, lot on the
eaet side of Fifth avenue. 50 feet north of
Hugo street. 25x95. for $1300; to J. B. H&saett.
tot 'J in block: 4. Castro street addition, for
J«500; H. J. Crocker to E. Lourdeaux, lot on
the r.-est tide of ICansas street, 1)7 feet south
of Nineteenth street. MfitlOo. tor ?70o; J. B.
Mahune;~ to Henri' Stern, northwest corner of
Castro end Jersey streets. 23:10V^xS0; improve
menis conflst oi new 2-story building contain
ir. tv.u siorcK and C-ruocn flat above, for
C7J00; tcr J. C. Fitschen. lot en the south
?ids of Twenty-fcurth street^ 160 feet ea»t
of Castro street. 50x114. for $2200: S. F.
Weeks and others to Jchn and Mary Ryan, lot
on tLe west side of Pennsylvania avenue, 403
feet north of Twenty-fifth street. 25x100, for
I.-.00; S. F. Weeks and others to John and
Mary Dcherty. lot on the west side of Penn
sylvania r.vcnue. SS3 !e*-t north of Twenty
f.fth ttrect. .^ilOO. fcr $300: S. F. Weeka and
ethers to Jchn tcomann, lot on. the west side
of Pennsylvania avenue. 233 feet north of
Twentv-;;ith street, 25x100 leet. and lot on
the east sid» of Mississippi street, 1S3 feet
north of Twenty-fifth street, 75x100. for $1700;
George Drown Estate Company to C. L. Thomp
son, lot 6a tho ea.«t line of Masonic avenue.
112:6 feet south of Tur'i street. 25x125, for
SS50; Kaldwin A: Howell acting for the pur
chaser, John Sheehy and B. P. Oliver act
ir.s for the cellcr: M. S. Quillinan sold the
lot and Improvements en the north side of
Fell street. 137 :G feet West of Webster. 50x
137:6; iini>roveir.entf consisting of four flats
of *1>: rooms and tath each, renting for $135
I>er montli. price $15,000; M. Meyer to XV. H.
Kellogs. lot on the north side of Vallejo street
UO feft west of Broderick. 40x100, for $4750;
Jc«rh F<>x to T. A. N'erney. lot on the couth
side of Washington street. 12S:5^4 feet east of
First avenue, 2«>:Jir4Xl2T:S',.;. for $2250: O. D.
Baldwin & Son reprf-sentlng the purchaser
In this transaction; Edward Harris sold to
Jchn Gians th« 2-story frame building consist
ing 1 of two Cats of six and seven rooms and
bath, occupying l«t on the east side of Web
ster street. 10O feet north of I'nlon. 25x137 :e,
for $r>2Tk>; George Brown Estate Company to
Henry F. Vogt. let on the east side of Masonie
avenue. HiO feet couth of Golden Gate avenue,
25x106:3. for ?S50.
The city department of Chatfield &
Vinzent. reports the following sales:
East line of Stockton «tre*t. south of Broad
way. i*:9xC*:9. from \V. Sherwood to C. P.
¦Ware, for Slti.OOO; north side of Clay street,
west of Lyon. 27:«xl02 feet, from J. J. Martin
to A. A. Jolmson. for $3750; west side of Mason
street, north of Green, :S2xV) feet, from Bar
bara Lauringer to A. Campodonlco. for $6500;
northeast corner of Turk and ftelner streets,
31xS7:C, from J. D. Mibio to a cltent for $9001).
Sales are reported by Sol Getz &
Son as follows:
Lots 100x100. on the west line of Thirty-fifth
avenue. 100 feet south of B street, to J. and
L. Wade, for $1000; .i«txl20, on the east line ct
Forty-sixth avenue, 300 feet south of H street,
to Mary t. Langley. for SlbOO; 50x120 on the
we^t line of Forty-fifth avenue, 250 feet south
of H street, to James E. Kent, for $1600: 60x
120. on the ea?t line of Forty-seventh avenue,
3<X> feet north of 1 street, to Alvln C. L«wls,
for viT'U; 57:6x100. on the southeast corner of
Forty-fifth avenue and U street, to M. N.
Cosulich, for $::»; 5<>xlCO, on the east line of
Thlrty-rixth avenue. 100 feet south of B street,
to Hedwig Otmsler, for $ifl0; 25x120. on the
west line of Fifth avenue, 200 feet north of
Clement street, to E. E. Keed; 50x120. on the.
east line of the Forty-ninth avenue boulevard,
112.6 feet north Df M street, for $2400. to A.
Wood; 25x120, on the east line of Forly-eijchth
avenue. lt'2:«> feet south of L street, for $550,
to T. M. LangiM?: 25x141:2, on the east line
of t-ixteemh avtnue. " 1C8:S feet north of C
street, to H. Basehlin. for *45O: 25x100. on
the north line of L. street, R7:t) feet east of
.Tenth avenue, to James B. Warren, for $7C0.
AUCTIONS TO CO.ME.
- i "• ...... . _ , . . . . . •. i v
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; SUNDAY.,, APRIL 10, 19o£
31
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Now is the time you need a" medi-
cine to tone up the sj-stem, drive out
the wjnter impurities and overcome
that tired feeling. There's -none to
equal the Bitters. ¦. '¦"-. ; \
Try a Bottle. It always cures Indi-
gestion, Dyspepsia, Colds, La Grippe,
Serins ; Fever or General Debility.
HOW ; FIGHTERS BREAK
THEIR OWX BOXES."
A erl l iclsm ¦ and an ¦ " expose' of
modern fighting methods In re-
cent contests here by
Pinof. DewIttC." Van Court, ¦
Boxing , instrnctor : 'at ; the
Olympic "CIub. v
Sec the photographs.
SUNDAY'S CAI.Ii.
AJVXBTISKMTrNTS.
Cures Grip and
BB V
HUMPHRETS' HELPS TO "77."
Ilrad. — If you suffer from Headache,
Sick Headache of Vertigo. No. 9 will
cure vou; if from Neuralgia or
Faceache. then you need No. S.
Momacli or Bowels. — When you suffer
from Dyspepsia. Indigestion. Weak
or Sour Stomach. No. 10 is the sov-
??reign remedy.
BarL. — For Rheumatism or Lumbago,
take No. 15; if the Kidneys or Blad-
der are involved, then you need No.
27 or No. 30.
At Dni^xi^ti''. 25 cents «-»<h..or mailed.
CT Jubilee Book mailed free.
Humfrir^y*' Mod Co. Cor. William & John
ttrect*. XtW York.
/.visit DR. JORDAN'S orc*t2
Museum of anatomy*
/. C& 1CK V * tin a. tat. t:U7'X Z.T.C-A. i
y Gf TW Lar^vtt Auim.u! Mlwoit in tfcc \
f\ Tp .' Uord Hatuwt «r .ijr c«t>ir«<"«l n
' f»S VG5 <¦•*•*« i»»»m»«-lr *mrm* hjr tkr •l«)e»l T
O /P" <31 F.ntjun ©
£ tl+lhfl DR. JOSSMt-D'SEASES OF KEN 6
i F €5C^ N Cc«««lt»Uo« fret tad «Tirtly prtrat^. \
V I iS>*£ B Ttmmrmtrt P"i»r*«'r «w br irttfr. A A
f tf M fe P**>"rt fwi ia »»rry ce< cMtrrtakcm. T
A 1r a IP w rrt ' f— ¦ ~ v - rBiL««»riv *f A
V * If ij~ BimucK, M*tLCS rrct. U'
A O IP »uKi hack for nrt| \
V OR. JUCD4S *«<».. ICil Market St.. S.T. V
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7.
OCARAXTKD CTTBSi rOB ZZT.X.
3: AXK1ESS JH JECTXOrr. Cures ordinary
vases in u. fe-ar days. Warranted to cure
worst catca. ZTO OTKER THXATatEITT
KrQXJTKED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. r^rrriTTS COKTAGIOar. Harm-
less. 52.00 fcr both botCcs. For sale only
r. S. griJ.T'S rKAKXACY. IPS Eddy.
|ASTHAIANOLA|
u tte only csr* for arerrous sad
Bronchial ASTX3CA.
Veur Druu'Ut or at U» ilAl'JUT ST..
&an Kranciico, Cal.
Weak Men-acd Women
SJJOUUD l.FK DAV.IA.NA 81TTEKS. THE
UrrJU Mexican IUrr.ecjr; Jives health *c3
¦trcaclk W ft«.xuaJ crcaas. Scset. 5=3 ilaxUeu
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
M^ A MILLION HAPPY AMERICAN
H jrfiX^' &BS&r~* CHILDREN are kept heai:h7 -^ith
¦ ' CASCARETS Candy Cathartic. Good
H &v$$&lr!iJ2bJ**£ : x^Sa5£r Ik words spoken by their canas fcr
B B&$£&!!&8\ \vi CASCARETS to other mamas have
fi ¦v yff made CASCARETS successful until
|j JHT r' m the sale now la OVER A MILLION
Ih^«/^^J ** *V folia like CASCARETS? Eecau3e
MxSE$tffl££ 1 '*ltt *^'^* they are a sweet, palatable, frao-
I 85^^^ Ur^JffJ\ oently, naturally. positively. Medi-
g CTEESHx^SSS^/ mSSK/M cine that a child dislikes wi»: net do
8 " / j Ka$ttr rcad y to take cascarets. the
9 i^^^ PERFECT HOME MEDICINE, ask
m J^y^ lor thena and are kepi healthy al-
H "'JQF& f * V oi cbHdkoo* 1 ' 8 aliments. Best for
m S\^&£&L/ r \ the Bowel3 - A!1 druaffists. 10c, 25c.
g I &&£wBf\/^~^\\ 5 Oc- Never sold in bulk. Genuine
B . \ TBjpPT*£^L il tablet stamped C C C. Sample and
m >^^ ~\ "))*^FV booklet free. Address
V."'. \i~>\ I I STERLING REMEDY CO..
"f*»ym«»«m» V^p g >k/ I Chlcafjo or New York.
IAMMUAL SALE -TEN MILLION BOXES
Greatest In the World - eti»
'1»' y\ JTO IFF 1 <^H TPH™" r^^T^I TO LET I
11 .Hot If A Combined
C^l^U&^wm 1 All the Worr^ jind^ htigne of Honse Banting Eliminated. If^^F^fen
I lA^cW <<^ Eacl1 s represents a big house renting agency and §¥W^ £^Mu
Im&^S^ -<s4$!!w through these a$cncie3 virtually every dwelling in San ll^^^Pfi
W^^^T^I Francisc i must be rented.
Mt RwTtI'SP&'^^^'Sm^ I There nrc nearly a score of them, and when hou^e-Jiuntinj: you will j ([i^^^*-^^^ ft
If r^tfxjffl t&^SQSZt^L I probably vi>it ail of them, for the house you arc t-j live in is a thing of | Ijj^- —
S^w^fJy^3r^\ Wouldn't it save a tremendous amount of work and m^^^ff^^finix
B4?9fu!$^£3 If worry to find ALL THE HOUSES TO LET IN SAN TRAN- IWto^i'
CISCO LISTED IN ONE AGENCY? \\^^^^^ZJ
|«jfl|V^j^ The Sterling Furniture Company have secured the S 1^ 1 Jt5j^~>^3^\
law // combined lists of all these agencies— n2arly 1090 houses. 1 /» \_^^ —
ftTftM / / OM nre DOU "d to find the kind of a house you want in such a list. !/S £Tft fe?( ffR^
H.1V™ TtnT Inc. Then think of the saving. in nerves and shoe leather. US »^^ ks££fi £
B RBAl tST^lTMt i flip lw We have courteous, pains-taking attendants in charge, and buggies at (1 I l//*»i~^~*«-
1 «a fiUlWU 51 1 A : your disposal. is UGH & HOAG
1 5wJ£*ilL w -- - "^J I The department is on the main floor of the store. A Jm jjg „ **** JA^ y
3^1J V \\ quiet place where you can study- over the advantages of fB K J „
5^Wl^ \^A%^ each house without interruption. Easy chairs, writing jn^ X
I i&\jF$$r'^^^ji^0n J vnn VV t DiH Ur otivVIL/t 1 k) YOU . I rt^Js^^c / x/
WbL/d^I/& a*A 6&\ ?i 1 mm E a«S TTTihT i FijTbI Kr^a Hai^Ta TW £M
SaL cvWi f«8o eP & WsLo a g\f?BB Jfli§91||giM P I I I I § I P 1 i I y r '
w$ M m s*jI i h. m\ M I i 1 1 1 1 I & ig m, a J 1 1 S a i 1 1 e%..There are^upward of 80,000; inhabit
ants on the slopes and skirts of Ve
suvius. If It were not for the fertilizing
effect of the volcanic products not more
than one-tenth of that number would
be able' to"find means of subsistance
there.
t— 1 ORESTERS and"climatologists in this country will
rH be surprised at the action of the German Meteor
•*¦ ological Society in its report upon the influence of
forests upon climate. Without the full text of the report
it may be easy to make mistakes in discussing Jt. But,
a Berlin telegram says that its conclusion is that for
ests have no appreciable effect upon climate. Without
knowing just what is included in the term "climate," one
is somewhat in the dark as to the full meaning of the re
port. It is stated that observations of temperature and
humidity, taken in the forests and clearings of Branden
burg, a*nd at remote points therefrom, justify the con
clusion that forests do not affect climate, and that like
observations in the marshes of Russia confirm this.
The diagrams and tables accompanying the report
are to be shown as an exhibit at the St. Louis Exposi
tion. Taking the report to be as stated in the Berlin
telegram, the examination of the subject is incomplete.
It has jiot been contended that forests create humidity,
but they conserve it. Against this it was formerly
pointed out that humidity in the prairie States existed
without the influence of forests. This was for a long
time supposed to negative the claims of the foresters
that trees affect humidity. But the experience of years
has proved that nature provided water storage and con
servation on the treeless prairies, in the form of sloughs,
swamps, ponds and lakes. These reservoirs caught and
held the rainfall, and evaporation carried the moisture in
to the air, to be distributed by the thunder showers com
mon to all that region.
In the progress of settlement these natural reservoirs
have been drained for cultivation, and it is (discovered
that the climate has become more arid. The precipitation
of moisture in the late fall and winter and early spring
goes on undiminished. It comes from the great lakes. But,
the reservoirs which originally stored it being destroyed,
it runs into the'drainagc channels and gravity carries it
away, increasing the Hoods in the Mississippi River and
its tributaries. Not being stored, the summer humidity
is decreased, the water is not distributed to the soil by
the summer showers, andthe crust of the earth is drying
out. It takes more original precipitation to do the work
than formerly. There are seasons in which the moisture
from the great lakes is unusual in quantity when the
ground is unfrozen, and it is saturated sufficiently to
avoid drought. But the main problem remains, caused
by draining the natural reservoirs.
No one has ever contended that the annual- rainfall
of California is caused by the forests.. Its source is the.
moisture evaporated from the Japan current, the evap
oration being caused by difference in temperature be-"
twecn the air and the surface of that ocean stream. If
the Sierra Nevada range were a bare granite wall the
State would receive the same rainfall as "now. But the
results would be very different. The water would all
run off, as. from a roof, as fast as it falls. The creeks
and rivers would all be torrents, and when the rain
ceased, would immediately dry up, and the water would
all be back in the ocean.
It is demonstrated that stripping the mountains of the
forests that clothe them, and "o'estroyingthe lesser vege
tation by grazing or by fire, produce exactly the same
results as if they had always been naked rock. The for
ests conserve the moisture. By their agency it pene
trates, thesoil and slowly finds its way into the creeks
and springs and through 1 .them' into the rivers, preserving
a steady run off and supplying the means of ¦irrigation to
make valley lands fertile. If., the German experi
ments deny this function to the forests, we" must assume
FORESTS AND CLIMATE.
Our worthy Board of Supervisors, with incongruous
gravity, is investigating the "amateur" prize-fighting
clubs which are lining their coffers with easily earned
money and are breeding dangerous .men out of vicious
boys. The evil which the Supervisors are solemnly dis
cussing has become so widespread and so corrupting in
its influence upon the youth of San Francisco as to be
come a serious public menace. Public opinion if not
public authority should stop it at once. '
The greatest of modern ice-breakers
is the Ermack. built originally for use
in the Baltic, but also occasionally em
ployed elsewhere. This vessel Is SS5
feet long, 71 feet beam and 8000 tons
displacement, with a draught of 22
feet. She was originally fitted with a
bow propeller as well as twin screws
at the etern, this propeller, with its In
dependent engine, being intended to
aid in breaking up the ice. The bow
propeller was found useful for
year-old ice, but became- choked ] and
useless in polar field ice, and hence
was removed before the vessel , was
sent to the Arctic. In solid ice two
feet thick, with six to twelve inches
of enow on top of it, the Ermack can
make a speed of nine knots, while she
can charge and demolish packs of ice
twenty to; thirty- five feet in thickness.
Especial interest attaches at the
The large modern ice-breakers de
pend for their efficiency upon their
ability to ride up upon the ice and
break down the edge of the sheet by
sheer weight, thus "biting" their way
through the sheet. Such action re
quires that the hull shall be con
structed with the greatest possible
stiffness, the vessel being subjected to
stresses which would break an ordi
nary ship in two. With this great
strength there must be ample power,
the combination of the two being
needed to oppose the heavy resist
ances. Vessel? of this kind are now
in active service in Copenhagen, Kiel,
Riga, Stockholm, Amsterdam and
other ports, besides many small boats
used as postboats and pilot-boats in
the Baltic, the German coast and the
Black Sea. A typical example of the
boats used in general service is found
in the Sampo, operating in the port
of Hango. in Finland. This vessel,
which was built on the Tyne, has a
propeller at each end. the bow engine
having 1200 horsepower and the stern
engine 1350 horsepovter. She is 202
feet long and 2000 tons displacement,
with a full draught of eighteen feet.
This boat breaks through field ,ice
twelve to sixteen inches thick lit a
speed of eight knots and she can work
through drift Ice eight to ten feet
thick at a rate of two to three knots,
als«o breaking down larger packs with
out much trouble.
At the hearing before the New York
State Senate Committee on Miscel
laneous Corporations at Albany on the
bill to increase the water rights of the
Niagara. Lockport and Ontario Power
Company, Charles M. Dow, president
of the Board of Commissioners of the
State reservation at Niagara, vigor
ously objected to the measure. Among
other renur*— . he said: "Owinsr to
the greater declivity of the river bed
on the Canadian side, as well as the
wider expanse of the Horseshoe Fall,
It is estimated that only one-fifth of
the whole volume of the river passes
over the American fall. Furthermore,
owing to the difference in elevation
of the Canadian and American river
beds, the American fall is the first
10 show the effect of any subtraction
of water from the river above. As
the genera! depth of the water on the
fall is only about four feet, and as the
elevation of the American fall is some
thing like six or seven feet above that
of the Canadian fall, it is apparent
that the American fall might be
made entirely dry while water still
poured over the Canadian fall. That
such a discrepancy would appear in
the event of the diversion of a suf
ficient amount of water is not simply
a theory; the fact was demonstrated
in 184 S. when the flow of the river was
diminished by an ice blockade at the
foot of Lake Erie, and ou__a lesser
scale by more recent ice gorges.
"From the foregoing It will appear
that the diversion of 20 per cent of the
v.ater of Niagara River would be suf
ficient to render the American fall as
dry as the once famous cataract of
Lodore in England. Now, let us see
what the State has already done to ac
complish such a disastrous result: The
reservation had hardly been created,
for the express purpose of preserving
the scenery of the falls, when the Leg
islature began, with singular inconsis
tency, to give away gratuitously the
very water upon which the existence of
the fall depends. Seven corporations
were granted charters to take water
from the Niagara River, between 18S6
and 1894, besides another corporatiou
which is taking water without author
ity, making eight American corpora
tions which have either been authorized
or are taking water without authority
frcm the river. There are two Can
adian corporations, for which the New
York Legislature is not responsible, of
course, but the effect of whose opera
tions ur>on the flow of the falls must
be reckoned with.
"Some of these corporations are lim
ited in the amount of water which they
can divert. More are unlimited. One
limited American company alone is au
thorized to develop 200.000 horsepower,
requiring 6 per cent of the volume of
the river. With a similar development
by Its corresponding company on the
Canadian side the flow of the river will
be diminished about one-eighth—suffi
cient to dry up the American fall, ac
cording to one estimate. A similar de
velopment by all of the companies in
existence would rob Niagara of one
third of its volume and insure the ob
literation of the American fall beyond
a peradventure."— Electric World 1 and
Engineer.
Random Science Xotes.
CHICAGO has just voted again in favor of. muni
cipal ownership and operation of the street-rail
ways. This vote is at a time when Chicago Jias
entirely failed in the essentials of a city government.
The city is practically bankrupt. The streets are like
over-ground sewers, and filthy beyond belief. The police
are inefficient and insubordinate. Mobs destroy life and
property in broad daylight, and maltreat working women
as they leave their place of employment for their, homes.
The cry of good citizenship in that city -is for the proper
administration of its present duties by the municipal
government, and not for the assumption of duties that
do not belong to a political government at all.
The city runs the water works, and the first thing a
stranger reads in the morning papers is a warning by the
Board of Health not to the use the water, as it is danger
ous. The school children are compelled by the- health
regulations to carry their supply of boiled water for
drinking to the schoolhouse in bottles. That being the
situation in that great city, instead of putting its rev
enue and its energies into the proper discharge of the
existing duties of its government, 130,000 of its people
vote to leave all undone that should be done, in order to
assume the doing of more.
• Mayor Harrison, for personal political purposes, pro
moted the public ownership idea, but seems to have been
sobered by the result, for he says it should be a future
and not a present policy, and the vote is due t,o the ignor
ance and misinformation of the people.
The foreign exceeds the native population, and is very
largely socialistic in its views. The socialists were ac
tive in promoting the vote, while those who. oppose the
plan were, as usual, idle or indifferent.
Thinking Americans are repelled from all schemes for
putting government into business by the history of the
management of the postal business by the Federal Gov
ernment. More reasons can be given for the Govern*
ment going into the business of carrying letters than for
embarking in any other kind of business. Yet it has* al
ways shown itself incompetent and incapable in perform
ing that function. What final sovereignty has failed td
do cannot be hoped for if undertaken by a municipality.
We do not know what the government of Chicago
proposes to do under instruction of the recent vote. If
it take over the street railroad system, it must borrow
millions fo* that purpose, and following the usual course
in such experiments, the bonds will be made a lien upon
the general fund, absorbing the credit that should be
used in purifying the water and cleansing the sewer-like
streets. The future proceedings of the city will be
watched with interest.
SOCIALISM IN CHICAGO.
The Board of Supervising Inspectors
of, Steam Vessels of the* United States
has Indorsed the merits of the Engle
hart collapsible boat, and authorized
the adoption of the same on passenger
steamships. A contract for building
one of the .boats has already been
awarded. The question of providing
sufficient lifeboats on trans -Atlantic
and coastwise steamers has for a num
ber of years been a serious one. The
ordinary lifeboat takes up too much
room, and it was In hope of provid
ing something more compact that a
number of inventors have for
several years been experimenting
along these lines. Captain Valdemar
Englehart of Copenhagen, Denmark,
has been one of ( the most successful
of these in his experiments. He has
Invented the boat mentioned above,
which not only presents excellent
features in taking up one-third the
space of an ordinary lifeboat, but Is
said to be unsinkable. The new boat is
even considered seaworthy if its sides
were torn. Its bottom crushed and the
plugs gone.,
Tvon-Sinkable Boat.
Dr. Guillaune has made a special al
loy to correct the unrest of naval
chronometers ,by the medium defect of
temperature. Such a chronometer, re
cently tested at the observatory at
Kew, near London, had only a devia
tion of .18 of a second per day,* and
fpr an increase of temperature of one
degree Fahrenheit each the deviation
was only .004 of a second per day more.
That pendulums of invar, j therefore,
roust excel by their unchangeable and
even swings is self-evident, and the
tests made at the same observatory
have demonstrated that even in dif
ferences of temperature of 18 degrees
Cel. simple pendulums of Invar rods
showed only a deviation of .2 of a sec
ond per day. It has to be added that
these pendulums had no equalizing at
tachments," but consisted only of rods.
' " T ith the?e examples the number of
uses of invar Is certainly not at all
exhausted, and undoubtedly many- more
will yet be found.— Frankfort News.
The importance of this invention is
extraordinary. For scientific as well
as for practical purposes, measuring in
struments of invar, as the inventor
calls the new alloy, will render most su
perior services. Already objects fer
tropical surveys have been made of It.
Such measurements always suffered
from certain inaccuracies, owing to the
expansion of the metals in the heat, and
required numerous - remeasurements.
Measuring sticks for laboratories, as
well as . for official gauging, are also
to be n*a\le of this new alloy.
Invar, an alloy which, when heated,
contracts instead of expanding, has re
cently been invented by Dr. Guillaune,
the physicist. It consists of nickel and
steel, therefore of two metals which
each for itself expands rather consid
erably in heat. Correct measurements
have, however, shown that Dr. Gull
laune has really produced alloys which,
when heated, expanded even less than
marble or wood, and which, when
slightly changed in their composition,
even contract when heated. Propor
tions of compositions of alloys have also
been found so that they neither expand
nor contract, but remain the same in all
degrees of heat. *
The arsinoitherium is named after
Queen Arsinoe, daughter of the First
Ptolemy, who had a palace in the
Fayum in davs when that region was
more nearly habitable than it is to
day. The time that has elapsed since
the arsinoitherium lived is, however,
as much greater than that since Ar
sinoe as a century is greater than a
couple of minutes. Excavations in the
Fayum are still being pushed, though
under great disadvantages, owing to
the fact that the best localities are
three full days' march from water,
and many more finds are anticipated.
— Chicago Record-Herald.
Still more interesting, from the
point of view of scientists, however, Is
the arsinoitherium. an animal that
was bigger than the biggest of our
modern rhinoceroses. Some six or
seven skulls of this animal have been
secured, the largest having a lower
jaw over two feet in length. Above
the nostrils the arsinoitherium had a
hugre pair of horns projecting: forward.
The striking thing about these honrs
is that they were not of horny, fib
rous material, but bony outgrowths,
covered in life with blood vessels and
skin, like the horns of a giraffe,
though probably protected at the tips
with horny matter. Behind the big
horns was a pair of smaller ones. The
nearest relative of the arsinoitherium
known to science is the dinosaurus,
specimens of which have been discov
ered in Wyoming in sands of the same
age as those of the Fayum. The
Egyptian beast had the Wyoming one
beaten in the size of its horns, though
some of the latter have three pairs of
horns.
present time to the Ice-breakers on
Lake Baikal, In Siberia, these forming
a portion of the system of the Trans-
Siberian railway. The Baikal, which Is
the jwwerful Ice-breaker for this serv
ice, is 292 feet long and 4200 tons dis
placement, and Is fitted with three
lines of rails for the locomotives ami
cars forming the train, there being
also a promenade deck for the use of
the passengers during the crossing.
The field Ice on Lake Baikal forms
thirty-six inches thick, and also forms
.heavy packs, but the ice-breakers have
been found successful In carrying the
regular passenger trains and the mails
across throughout the winter.
The desert of Fayum, southwest of
Cairo. In Egypt, Is the locality" in which
the oldest known Inscriptions written
In Greek letters have been discovered.
In the last two years it has become
equally famous for the number of hith
erto unknown varieties of extinct ani
mals whose bones have been disin
terred from the sands. One of these
beasts Is the moeritherium — the anes
tor of all elephants— a creature with a
"long snout, but with a lower jaw so
long that the snout could not hang
down in trunk style.
Thls week good eyeglasses, specs. 23c
50c 79 4th (front Key's Cel. Oys. House).*
'.During the reform riots , in Hyde
Park, London, in 1866, the mob, , on a
well-remembered ], night, -began f. tearing
down the fences of Hyde* Park for fires
and barricades. Colonel Thomas "Went
worth; Higglnson. tells in" the Atlantic
Monthly : of . an Kiiglish officer who was
dining with a friend, all! unconscious
of the impending danger/ Presently he
-cVce! . ; ed a summons ¦ from the 'War be
F air. P lav.
THE MAILS— C.j Selad Valley, Cal.
If a person receive* an offensive com
munication throush the United States
mail the receiver, should submit the
same to the nearest United States Dis
trict Attorney to ascertain if the
sender has ' been guilty of violation of
the law. ;
RUN OF SALMON — A. S., City. The
great run of salmon In the Fraser Riv
er. B. C, ended in September, 1S93.
This department has no means of as
certaining when the next great run in
that \ river will occur.
HOMICIDES— Subscriber, Palo Alto,
Cal. The number of homicides in the
United States in 1890 was 4920. accord
ing to Mulhall's statistics. The legal
executions In 1SS0 in the United Statea
were 460S. 5 ; *•*
GREAT FIRES — W. R., City. The
loss by the great fire in Chicago, which
commenced October 8, ' 1871, was 5190.
000,000; that in Boston, Mass., which
commenced -November 9, 1872, was $73.
000,000,, and that In Baltimore, which
commenced February 7, 1904, was $100,
000,000. .
VIOLINS — M. W. G., Fresno. Cal.
For such information as you desire
about violins, address a communication
to any first-class hquse that deals in
musical instruments.
Five carloads of exhibits from dif
ferent parts of Canada have arrived
in St. Louis. A car of fruit has also
been placed in cold storage awaiting
shipment. The exhibits already ar
rived include the pick of Canada's ag
ricultural, forest and mineral wealth.
Commissioner General William Hutch
ison is authority for the statement that
the Canadian display at the St. Louis
exposition will be far ahead of the
former efforts of the Dominion. The
general policy is to give prominence" to
the , items of natural wealth peculiar
to Canada, or, rather, those not found
in the other countries making exhibits.
For examtJle, in minerals, Canada's
almost . exclusive resources of nickel,
corundum, chrome iron, peat and as
bestos, are to be featured. The dis?
plays will not be. confined to show
cases, but unique and striking mass, dis
plays will also be made. Separate
pyramids of asbestos, mica and nickel
are to be built and placed in prominent
positions in the Canadian quarter.
These pyramids will illustrate the pro
cesses the ores undergo in the transi
tion from the crude state^to the' fin
ished product. The .nickel pyramid la
to be twenty feet In height. The ore,
as turned out of the mine, will form the
base; above it will be a section con
taining the nickel product after the
roasting "process. Above it again will
be a section containing the copper and
nickel matte, and the apex of the pyr
amid will be finished in the refined
nickel. , Surmounting the pyramid is
to' be a statue made of-, the refined
nickel and truly Canadian in design.
Canada at the Fair.
TWO RECITATIONS — Subscriber,
Palo Alto, Cal. The catalogues of pub
lished recitations do not contain suclr
titles as 'The Convict" and "The
Gambler."
Anszccrs to Queries.
The quality of Yankee brains has been fearlessly as
cribed to this appetizing, fish diet, and over the State
House in Boston the effigy of the codfish has been long
given to the east wind, ?.s the origin of all the art and lit
'erature of the Hub. Margaret Fuller and all the srods and
goddesses of New England letters have been pointed to
as proof of the gray matter fertilized by codfish. Of
late years there has been a decline. New England has
iost;her literary primacy. The creat ones have passed
away.* Boston has ceased to produce the masters of
American thought. Public attention has been diverted
from philosophy to fisticuffs, and the greatest Yankee of
the generation is John L. Sullivan, pugilist and publicist.
This discouraging decadence must have a cause, and it
is at last revealed in the sophistication of codfish. It is
proved now that instead of the pure cod from Georges
Banks the fishermen of Gloucester fill their smacks
with hake and pollock, cusk and other inferior eround
feeding fish, the plebeians of the finny tribe. Codfish are
worth on the smack $5 per hundred pounds, while these
base-born substitutes are worth only from So cents to
$2 50;': The innocent consumer seeks this inferior fish,
supposing that he is increasing his mental fertility. ' He
fills on it, reads Emerson and awaits results. The •re
sults don't come. -crop' of thought, .is not pro
duced. The inspiration fails. 'He cats more and, gets
duller. He finds' himself losinginterest in the works of
Hawthorne- and, Longfellow, Holmes ; and Higgin^an,
and. inclined instead to read. the sporting news and drop
philosophy. .
It proves that we of this coast are not alone in the ne
cessity for guarding commercial honor. And it also
proves > the need, of strict legal oversight .of foodstuffs.
We. eat, tomato /catsup made "of -pumpkin, currant, jelly
made of ; glue, aniline and vinegar, and" a whole menu of
nauseous stuff, and T now are compelled to :takV cusk,
hake ; and pollock for the nutritious -: and , historic! cod !
Woe is us; if, something is not done to restore the'-for
merstate of 'our diet, for our brains will become like
unto", th'e 'messes we .take into^our stomachs. .
' I "* HE pure food inquiry is yielding some interesting
I results.\ The American who picnics has long been
A deceived by consuming as sardines in olive oil the
inferior, sprat, juvenile herring and nameless minnow en
tombed in tin and a lotion of cotton-seed oil. or lard oil.
But this was supposed to be the limit in sophisticating
our fish diet. All over New England the Friday dinner
of codfish has been eaten with the secure feeling that
cod is cod, and on Saturday codfish "twice laid'' has fol
lowed to clean up the remnants.'
ADULTERATED FISH.
Along the wall to listen."
With down-dropt eyes that glisten,
And sighing, say, " 'Tis spring In our
old earth."
— Youth's Companion.
heavenly mirth
-Aye, but to hear that hymn
Once more In meadows dim.
God's saints, mayhap, shall cease from
Pipe, then, your vernal theme.
Pipe on. though eyes may gleam.
Mid your keen chorals, through a mist of
tears;
For with your notes come back
Old things we love, but lack.
And dear, dead faces out of vanished
years. /
bluebirds come!
Time's at the dewy turn
When dandelions burn;
In yon bare boughs ere long the bees
will hum."
Your artless anthems range
Along the stops of change.
"The snows are gone." ye pipe, "and
• Yet never golden bell
May gladder tidings tell
On the still night air o'er a moonlit town
Than is the tale ye bring.
O prophets' of the spring,
Chirping of April mid the meadows
brown.
Xo poet voices praise
The ringing notes ye raise;
Nay, chanticleer himself doth sweetlier
His farmyard trumpet clear
When first the dawn is near,
And gaping milkmaids make their morn
ing round.
Not; for the world's delight
In the wet. moonless night m
Ye lift your litanies. O tuneless choir,
¦ To one high note und shrill
Piping your own wild will, <.'._.
From your dark lodgings in the moss
and mire. . * • ••
Frogs in April.
The London Daily Mail prints an in
terview with a prominent ' physician,
who says: "The drug habit, whether
in tl ¦» form of morphia or laudanum, is
more and more asserting a sway which
we a^e powerless to check."
The remark was prompted by the
case of a girl who, when remanded at
Bradford on a charge of stealing, at
tributed her po: ¦¦>. to her craving for
laudanum and cigarettes. -Every effort
had been made to break her of this
habit. Her father had known of It for
three or four years, while the girl
confessed to a seven years' slavery to
the drug.
. v^pium, of which morphia and lauda
num are forms, is rapidly," the doctor
added, "becoming the intoxicant of the
upper and middle classes, there is
one person more than another suscepti- /
ble to the drug habit it is the neurotic"^
individual, and the neurotic being is
one of the products of the age.
"Town life is one of the chief factors
in the forming of a race of neurotics,
and in the town the opium habit Is so
easily gratified. „". person who wants
laudanum can visit a large number of
chemists and get small quantities from
each without raising any suspicions."
"A prescription containing opium is
often the beginning of the habit," the
doctor added. It would be better, he
thinks, if the^medical profession did
not prescribe opium so much in chronic
case?, but reserved It for acute ail
ments.
"I note," he said in conclusion, "that
this girl was addicts to cigarettes.
This is strange, for the devotee of
opi"in is generally faithful to the drug.
But it is suggestive in . this regard
that I have recently heard that a cer
tain v -and of cisrirettes contain opium."
Opium Using on the Increase:
could speak for the people of England.
We have high hopes invested in the future of the
cast side of the bay. San Francisco has there a hinter
land in- which the metropolis can never lose interest.
The State has there some of its most important insti
tutions. The people have there good things to steal
and heads to be cracked. Berkeley, under the circum
stances, should emerge from the chrysalis of a village
and be,.the butterfly that nature intended. The people
should rouse themselves, enlarge the powers of their
municipal charter, build a jail and have policemen
enough to fill it with the moonlight mechanics who go
around cracking the well-stocked skulls of the university
professors.
WHAT is the matter with the town of Berkeley?
Is it a city suffering from a village organiza
tion? Is it like a man dressed in the clothes
of a child? If so, let the town slough its village gov
ernment and the man put by childish things. Berkeley
is too much in evidence in the operations of footpads,
burglars and highwaymen, who seek, the low ways
of life by resorting to any community that is insufli
ciently guarded, in order to prey upon its people. Now
we don't want this to be resented .by somebody in
Berkeley telling us that when the tiUtapper, porch thief,
thug and pickpocket no longer ravage San Francisco,
it will be trme to advise Berkeley.
San Francisco is big and can stand more thieves. But
Berkeley can't. It is a university town. It has unusual
charms and attractions. It is the home of hundreds
of families who* seek it for the excellent advantages
of the university and find life there in the midst of
every visible physical charm. The gardens of Gul bloom
in Berkeley, and from the green mountains above :t
to the sheen of the bay and the gilded path through
the Golden Gate in front and below, it is graced and
garnished with every charm of scenery and climate.
Yet .thieves are there and break through and .steal.
They also break heads with sandbags. When a univer
sity-professor cannot go from his house to the post
office without being knocked senseless by thugs, it is
time for Berkeley to wake up. We are told th*t the
town has only three policemen!
The university grounds, with their trees and shrub
bery, their copse and shadows, with the deep gorge of
the stream that flows by them, offer the best of night
hiding for marauders, and three policemen can 'no more
guard the town than the three tailors of Tooley street
WAKE UP, BERKELEY !
Confession has followed quickly upon expose in the
local Chinese substitution cases. It is, high time that
punishment severe enough to be salutary be adminis
tered to stop this hideous traffic in coolie, chattels that
has grown and fattened in San Francisco. The Federal
courts have a very serious duty to perform.
This was promptly done with entire
respect, and the officer. in his brilliant
uniform went hastily on his way amid
three cheers from the mob- Then the
mob returned to its work, to complete
it if possible before he whom they had
aided should come back at the head of
his own regiment, and perhaps order
them to be shot down.
There was but one thing to be done.
Ho made his way straight toward the
center of action, and called to a man
who was mounted on the pile, and was
evidently the leader of the tumult:
"I say, my good man, my regiment
has been called out by her Majesty's
orders. Will yoingive me a hand over
this pile?"
The man hesitated a minute, and
then said with decision, "Boys, the
gentleman 13 right. He is doing his
duty, and we have no quarrel with him.
Lend a hand and help him over.'
partment, telling him that his regiment
was ordered out to deal with the mob.
He hastened back to his own house,
but when he called for his horse he
found that his servant had received
permission to 1 go out for the evening,
and had the key of the stable in his
pocket. The officer hastily donned his
uniform and then had to proceed on
foot to the Guards' Armory, which lay
on the other side of Hyde Park. Walk^
ing hastily in that direction, he came
out unexpectedly at the very headquar
ters of the mob, while they were al
ready piling up the fences.
His uniform' was recognized, and an
gry shouts arose. It must have seemed
for tho moment to the mob that the
Lord had delivered their "worst enemy
into their hands.
The cat seemed to be utterly oblivi
ous to the fact that any substitution
had been made and offered no resist
ance when her foster children cuddled
up to her to be nursed. Schmitz says
that, if anything, the cat is even more
solicitous for the baby, foxes than for
the kittens, and both the cat and the
foxes are doing well.*
One of the Almshouse attaches mor
tally wounded a fox in the forest back
of the institution- a day or two ago and,
on trailing the wounded animal to her
lair, three young foxes apparently a
few davs old were discovered. The
young animali- were brought to Super
intendent Frank Schmitz, who at once
hit upon a scheme to raise them by
providing a foster mother in the per
son of the cat which has made the
Almshouse her home for many years.
The cat was at the time nursing her
own offspring, consisting of four kit
tens. The latter were drowned forth
with and the baby foxes were placed
under the protecting care of the mother
cat.
Another Substitution Case.
Confined In a cell in the Detention
Hospitals for the insane suspects at
the City Hall, deserted and disowned
by her children and other blood rela
tives, is a woman who at one time
was the wife of a German Baron. Early
residents of this city and old members
of the Police Department would, if the
Baroness' name was mentioned, recol
lect the sensation which was created
when a policeman wi <l i a German title
eloped with a widow, the mother of a
large grown up family and the pos
sessor of a large fortune left her by
her departed husband. The self-styled
German Baron, who was incidentally
a policeman, had obtained leave of ab
sence from the Chief during the time
he won the* widow and her fortune,
much to the indignation of her chil
dren. All persuasion on the part of
the family and the Baroness* sisters
could not induce her to quit the man
she so desperately fell in love with.
After enjoying a brief honeymoon at
the bride's expense the couple returned
to this city, where they resided for
some time, . until eventually the deluded
woman found herself deserted and her
fortune squandered. The Baron de
serted the .country and was lost to
sight.
• Since that time this woman had
eked out a kind of an existence until
in her old age she was forced to throw
herself on the charity of the taxpay
ers and seek shelter and food in a pub
lic building. Now she is held for in
sanity. Such is the glamor of a title.
The Glamor of a Title.
that they omit essentials and have included only a part
of the factors.
In New England and the Middle States, observation
confirms the 'fact that destruction of the forests has
made the earth's crust the drier and has impaired the
fertility of the soil. It is doubtful if observations made
in Germany can be applied to other countries, differently
situated in relation to the origin of the rainfall they re
ceive. It is a small country, subject to the influence of
the Baltic, and the North Sea. Its supply of moisture
from those bodies of wojer is close at hand, and their in
fluence may well produce an average humidity over for
est and plains.
But the test of the real function of the forest in con
serving moisture is not to be made in the air but in the
soil. . We are of the opinion that a cubic yard of soil
from the forest floor will be -found to contain more
moisture than a cubic yard taken from untilled land at a
distance from the forest, and at the same depth.
The German report will be taken as a challenge to the
American climatologists and foresters, and they will
find in California the proper field for experiments, which
will either, demonstrate or disprove the function of the
forest as a conserver of moisture in the ground, not in
the air.
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMES
THE; SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY, APRIL; 10, 190^.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL
JOHfrD. SPRECKELS,- Proprietor . >....,... Address AU Communications to JOHN McNAUGHT, Manager
Publication Office ........ <2"f§slils^> Tliird and Market Streets, S. P.
SUNDAY..:............ .......... v ... ...........;.. ...APRIL 10, 1904
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS TEH WORLD
MOVES
32
..Special Information supplied daily ta
business houses and public mea by tha
Press I Clipping Bureau t Allen's), 230 Cal-
ifornia street. - Telephone Alain ldtl> *
Townsend's California Gl*cr> fruits ar.d
choice candles..'; In 'artistic flre-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
715 Market street, above. Call bulletins. *City Must Pay tlie Demand.
The ' City Attorney advised the Su
pervisors' Finance Committee yester
day' that the city must pay the .de
mand of the Post Publishing: Company
for $90 for printing: delinquent' notices.
The committee held that the bill
should be paid at the official rate for
advertising:, '. which would have sens
ibly reduced the amount.
join the Weberfieldians, is on the pro
gramme for a monologue, and so is
Barney Bernard, the prince of Hebrew
dialect comedians,* while Kolb, Dill,
Flossie Hope and Gertie Llverson
have volunteered for a specialty stunt.
With such an aggregation of talent an
artistic performance from beginning to
end is insured. .
FAMOUS ACTRESS SAVES -
BEAST FROM SUFFERING
Mrs. : Fiske next sent for Charles
Holbrook, secretary, of the -Humane
Society, and he killed; the horse, with
the consent of .its owner. Mrs. ? Fiske
had told Holbrook that she .would buy^
ther,horse and have it put out of -Its
misery in case > Dittes should refuse Jto
haveit killed . y •: . _ . ; - )
Holbrook learned that Dittes i ; did
not know the -bad BhapeUhe animal
was in when his boy took it out in. the
morning. , ; -..-/ ;-. , : < .
Mrs. Fiske was out driving \ when
she saw the poor animal ;trylng to
make its way along the streets. .Upon
investigation ¦ she learned •) that -^ the
horse belonged to,C. F. Dittea of 1439
Octa via street. She told Dittes that
he must consent to allow his boy:to
place | the suffering .brute in- a ; stable
and Dittes ; consented. He was
astounded " somewhat , later ; to l.« rn
whom the : humane woman- was. :..' •
Minnie Maddern Fiske, the actress,
has a tender spot in her heart for ani
mals. She demonstrated this fact yes
terday in an unmistakable manner by
reproving a butcher's boy for driving
a- crippled horse and by compelling
him .to take the miserable, beast to a
stable.
Minnie Mnildern Fiske Compels a
Butcher's Boy to Stop Driving
Crippled Horse.
James Stiilman, president of the Na- 1
tional ;' City Bank ; of f New, York, com- 1
monly called the Standard Oil - Bank, 1
is a director of fifty-two companies.;* i
Cost of Lodging for Botkin Jury.
The demand for board and lodging
furnished the Botkin jury at the Pal
ace Hotel was presented to Auditor
Baehr yesterday.' The demand calls
for $520. being $65 a day for eight
days. As the demand was accom
panied by a court order it will be
audited and paid at once. ';>v
The Cordes Furniture Company
filnd a suit yesterday to foreclose a
mortgage on the furniture of the Ho
tel San Marco. The amount due is
$20,695. The defendant in the suit
is C. A. Plotner, who conducted the
hotel.
Sues Hotel Manager.
London has one licensed drinking
place to every 436 inhabitants.
Seawell Denies New Trial.
Judge Seawell yesterday denied
Lillian B. Hardy and Harriet A. Par
lih a new trial of their suit to recover
from Ada C. Martin, administratrix of
the estate of Robert C. Chambers, a
one-third interest in Butte County
realty. They claimed that Chambers
obtained the property from them by
fraud and by promising that when he
died he would remember them in his
will. Judge Seawell decided against
them in 1903. Chambers was their
uncle.
Directors Cited to Appear.
F. A. Walli. C. Nauman and A. W.
McQueen, directors of the Golden Key-
Mining Company, have been cited to
appear before Judge Murasky on Fri
day, June 15, to show cause why they
should not be punished for an alleged
violation of a temporary injunction re
straining them from selling a number
of shares of stock of the corporation.
The citation was issued yesterday on
complaint of L. M. Sherwood, plaintiff
in the action for the injunction.
Sues on Unpaid Note.
Dr. F. P. Canac-Marquis yesterday
filed a suit to recover $900 against
George C. and Marie L. Futvoye. The
money is alleged to be due on a prom
issory note executed by the defendants
at New Orleans in April, 1898.
l^pinger Trial Set.
The cases of Jaco"D and Herman Ep
>:nsrer, charged with obtaining money
y false pretenses, were called before
udge Lawlor yesterday to be set for
rial. Attorney Ach was present, rep
esenting the defendants, and Attor
ley J. C. Campbell the prosecution,
ifter discussion the cases were set for
rial on May 24.
San Francisco Veterinary College.
Next session will begin June 6th. Cata'cRuei
appiyls* to Dr. E. J. Creely. 510 G. <1. ave.«
Did Not Go to Rank.
Mau Augenblick, saloon-keeper.
Polk and Jackson streets, reported to
Captain Martin yesterday that he had
given Edward English $73 to deposit
in the bank, but English had not
called at the bank. It is believed
English has disappeared with the
money.
The Alumni Association of St. Mary's
College has secured musical and vau
deville talent galore for the benefit en
tertainment to be given at the Alham
bra Theater Tuesday evening. The
purpose of the entertainment is to
raise a fund for the purchase of appa
ratus" for the equipment of the college
laboratories, and- there has been very
generous response from the friends of
the institution. j
The character of the entertainment
is to be such, however, that it should
appeal to all amusement lovers, and es
pecially the musical enthusiasts. So
ciety has taken an interest in the af
fair and all the boxes have been sold
to representatives of the smart set,
but reserved seats are still to be ob
tained at the office of the Catholic
Truth Society in the Flood building.
The programme is now complete, and
a very satisfactory rehearsal has been
held under the supervision of Harry
James of the merry Weberfieldians.
Several of the stars of that company :
have volunteered and a popular vocal-;
1st— Mrs. Theodore F. Bonnet— who i
has not been seen on the stage for I
two years, is among the notable ar- j
tists. She will be remembered by the- I
atergoers as Helen Merrill, prima !
donna of the Tivoli. and later when!
leading soprano of the Frank Daniels j
company. Vocal numbers will also bet
contributed by Signor Abramoff, the \
distinguished barytone; Andrew Bo- i
gart, the tenor who recently returned
from New York, and Laurine Kruger, !
formerly of the Tivoli, who will both j
sing and whistle.
Nathan Landsberger, the premier
violinist of San Francisco, and the To
bin sisters, well known on the Or
pheum circuit, will contribute instru
mental selections; Martin O'Neil, an
Irish comedian, who has come out to
Pleads Guilty of Robbery
¦ John Burns pleaded gruilty to a
;harge of robbery in Judge Duune's
ourt yesterday and will be sentenced
>n April 16. He and Joseph Reed
leld up Special Officer M. Swetz on
LJrar.nan street on the night of July
; last and took from him 60 cents and
knife. Reed. when arraigned,
leaded guilty and was sentenced to
>rve seven years in San Quentin.
urns jumped his bail and fled, but
as later arrested in Colorado Springs,
olo.. and brought back.
St. Mary's College Alumni
Completes Programme
for Vaudeville.
- ¦ p
MJIS. T. F. BOXXET, WHO WILL,
SING AT ST. MARY'S COLLEGE
ALUMNI BENEFIT.
ART1LX.EI1Y OFFICERS
WILL GIVE BANQUET
Guardsmen Will To-Day for the First
Time Use Krag-Jorgenson Rifles
at the Targets.
The annual banquet of the officers
of the First Battalion of Artillery. Na
tional Guard of California, will be
given at the St. Francis Hotel next
Saturday evening. Among the guests
will be Governor Pardee, General Mac-
Arthur, U. S. A.; Mayor Schmitz, J. D.
Spreckels, M. H. de Young, Generals
Dickinson and'Warfield and Adjutant
General Lauck.
Considerable interest is taken in Na
tional Guard circles in the first target
practice to-day by guardsmen with
Krag-jorgensen rifles at the targets of
Company D, Fifth Infantry, San Ra
fael. There will be a detail of five
men of each battery, of the First Ar
tillery and a like number from com
panies A and D of the Fifth Infantry.
Lieutenant Boysen of the Fifth and
Lieutenant Beasley of the artillery will
act as range inspectors.
j| Company B of, the Fifth, located at
San Jose, has prepared a range near
that city to practice with the new
rifles at 500 yards. Company I of the
same regiment, located at Liverjnore,
has built a range, for like practice at
200, 300 and 500 yards and will prac
tice as soon as target ammunition is
furnished. j
A committee has been appointed to
secure a suitable range for companies
A, F and G of the Fifth, all located
in Alameda County.
The men of the various organiza
tions are wondering why are
not issued from headquarters as to the
date for the annual encampment.
They say they are anxious to know
so as to enable them to obtain a
week's vacation to attend to camp
duties. .
Company B, First Infantry, will give
a military entertainment and dance in
the regimental armory, corner of Page
and Gough streets, on the evening of
Saturday, the 16th inst. The First
Infantry Band, together with, its or
chestra, will render orchestral and
dance music. An excellent dance pro
gramme has been prepared. Com
pany B, under command of Captain
W. M. Kelly and Lieutenants O'Keefe
and McCulloch, will during the even
ing give an exhibition drill. The af
fair will be under the management of
William Baker, William Keenan. R.
Mittlestadt, H. Hanson and G. A. Mar
shall.
Major Carrington's battalion of Phil
ippine scouts passed review and in
spection before General MacArthur,
commander of the Division of the Pa
cific, yesterday morning at 10 o'clock.
The battalion was drawn up in line
shortly before that hour, in front of
the general hospital buildings, awaiting
with anxiety and curiosity the arrival
of what they called the "big chief."
Precisely as the clock • struck ten,
General MacArthur drew rein in front
of the troops, and, dismounting, fol
lowed by his aids. Major Parker W.
West and Captain Frank L. Winn,
walked on to the parade grounds, where
they were received by Major Carring
ton. The greetings were short and for
mal. General MacArthur with staff,
accompanied by. Major Carrington,
then began the inspection of the troops,
walking up and down the long line of
the battalion, while the band played
a smart two-step. At the conclusion of
the inspection the general with staff
then withdrew from the field and after
mounting their horses again came on
the grounds for the review. The scouts
seemed to be imbued with the spirit
of the occasion and showed up to
splendid advantage. They* marched
with great precision, showing the ef
fects of long and careful drilling. They
presented a very soldierly appearance
as they passed the reviewing stand at
port arms in column of companies.
SPECTATORS APPLAUD.
Following the review proper they
went through a number of exercises
from Butt's manual of arms, in which
they made a big hit with the specta
tors, who applauded and cheered them
with great vigor. Following the re
view on the parade grounds. General
MacArthur with staff rode up to the
scouts' camp, where he made a thor
ough inspection of their quarters, after
which, in the commanding officer's
tent, he shook hands with the different
officers of the battalion. General Mac-
Arthur expressed himself as highly
pleased with the work of the scouts
and complimented Major Carrington
for the efficiency of his command.
During the review Major West, mount
ed on his spirited sorrel mare, Princess
lley, unexpectedly was compelled to
show an example of the splendid horse
manship training he received at West
Point. The animal, which js a magni
ficent thoroughbred, showed signs of
high life the moment she stepped on
the parade ground and, standing on
her hind feet, ran several yards be
fore the major was able to bring her
down on all fours. She followed up
this feat with a lot of pirouettings and
prancings that gave great delight to
the crowd of children on the field.
Whether the animal's gyrations were
caused by her introduction to the Fili
pinos is a matter of question, but at
any rate, the moment they came any
where in her vicinity she resumed evo
lutions that caused the spectators to
fall back with great alacrity.
CONSTABULARY COMING.
The battalion of constabulary from
the Philippines, due here on the Sher
idan next Friday, will, from present
expectations, be provided with trans
portation and go at once to the St.
Louis Exposition. This will, in all
probability, preclude any opportunity
for the people of San Francisco to
hear the splendid constabulary band
of eighty-five pieces, which is the finest
in the islands.
General C. . A. Coolidge, who was
taken to the general hospital at the
Presidio last week suffering from "what
was thought to be a severe attack of
appendicitis, is somewhat better, but
it is still thought an operation will be
necessary.
Major John R. Williams, adjutant
general of- the Department of Cali
fornia, will proceed to Manila on June
1. Mrs. Williams will go East to re
main with the children until their
schools close and then with them will
join the major in the islands.
INVOLUNTARY BANKRUPTS
HAVE SCHEDULES FILED
Blum & Co. Owe $35,339 and Edward
S. Sproat Hns 265 Creditors, Whose
Claims Aggregate 550,000.
M. L. Blum & Co., wholesale dairy
produce dealers, San Francisco, filed
their schedule in involuntary bank^"
ruptcy in the United States District
Court yesterday. Their liabilities are
$35,339 and they have no assets. The
only exempt property is wearing ap
parel, put in at $50. The principal
creditors are Leon Blum, for $31,011
on promissory notes; City and County
Bank, San Francisco, $2750; London,
Paris and American Bank, San Fran
cisco, $1000 balance on note.
Creditors of Edward S. Sproat, in
voluntary bankrupt, filed their sched
ule of his debts, Sproat having
neglected to do bo. The principal
creditors are the William Cluff Com-,
pany, $2390; Del Monte Milling Com-*
puny $1230; M. Ehrman & Co., $1173;
Grbmmes & Ulrich, Chicago ,$1214;
Goodhart-Hartman, Chicago, $1052;
Hilmer & Breedhoff, San Francisco,
$1653; Shea-Bocqueraz , Company, ' San
Francisco, $1249. There are 265 credi
tors. Of their claims 258 are for
sums of less than $1000 each. The
total Indebtedness is not footed up in
the schedule, but it amounts to about
$50,000.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. April 9.
The divorce business has reached
such 'proportions that Superior Judge
Ogden bejieves that it will be neces
sary to establish a divorce department,
in the courts the same as in the pro
bate and criminal departments at the
present time. In speaking of the mat
ter to-day he said: "There is as much
divorce business as there is probate
going through the courts. We are all
trying cases, but. 1 believe it will be
necessary to establish a divorce depart
ment. This would systematize the
work and it will only be a short time
before it will have to be done."
In connection with this subject
Judge Ogden stated that he did not
believe the divorce question could be
properly dealt with until the Legisla
ture fixed a penalty to be visited on
the spouse that gives the ground for
divorce. 'Continuing he said: "As the
matter now stands there is a premium
on crime. If a dissatisfied husband or
wife wants a divorce he or she com
mits some act to give the other the
cause. There is no punishment for
this and a decree of separation is hung
up as a prize. This is a boon to many
and is frequently taken advantage of.
If the party guilty of the offense could
be punished divorces would decrease."
Troops and Commander Are
Praised and jComplimented
by Head of the Division
Says 'Punishment Should Be
Visited on Spouse That
Is Guilty of Offense
OGDEN VOICES OPINION
Major Carringtoirs Battalion
of Filipinos Pass in 'Review.
Before General Mac-Arthur
SHOW TO ADVANTAGE
Judges Believe a* Special
Department Will Have to
Be Set Apart for Them
SCOUTS DRILL
BEFORE CHIEF
DIVORCES CLOG
TRIAL COURTS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. APRIL 10, 1904.
BRILLIANT
AUDIENCE
EXPECTED
33
A T> VTTR.TTK'E'WF'TrTg.
Sensational Bargains
At the Pacific
REMEMBER, FOR THIS WEEK ONLY
Owing to .our large manufacturing of Cloaks and Suits, as we
employ in our factory over 300 people, also having lartre contracts
coming daily from our branch factory in New York, we find that we
are absolutely crowded in our store at 1 142 Market street.
$65,000 Worth of Cloaks and Suits
We Must Unload Them.
Therefore we give all the benefit to the ladies of Frisco and the
surrounding towns at one-half price. It has never been known of
such great bargains in the beginning of the spring that we can only
mention a few here.
JUST THINK OF IT. a NEW SPRING SUIT, made up in the
last forty days, regular price in New York would be ClQ 7^\
$27.50; we will place them for this week only at %pl%J»J *J
VERY GENTEEL SPRING SUITS, all sizes; regular price in
New York $35.00; we will place them this week only " C|7 CH
at $1/.jU
Our large variety of 3000 SKIRTS and tremendous line of 2000
JACKETS in Covert. Silk, Pongee and White Crepe and 800
CHILDREN'S COATS all will be placed on the same reduction.
We must make room and we need money.
I REMEMBER, FOR THIS WEEK ONLY "j
Wholesale Manufacturers
1142-1146 Market St. I
Figure on the future and buy
property now.
San l"rancisco REAL ES-
TATE Is griit edge.
Bargains front one hundred
dollars to one hundred thousand
dollars advertised in to-day's
REALTY column.
ADVEBTiaEkiasrTs.
THE WHITE HOUSE
CLOAKS SUIT DEPARTMENTS
! SECOND FLOORv- ¦ : — —>
AN ATTRACTIVE COLLECTION OF
WOMEN'S COSTUMES
Including Afternoon and Dinner Gowns
WOMEN'S COSTUMES— Of Crepe de Chine in
black, blue, champagne and brown; lined
throughout with extra fine taffeta silk, tf«cc f\(\
real value $80.00, special 4OD.UU
FANCY TAILORED VOILE SUITS- In black, navy,
brown and tan; trimmed with braid and taffeta;
blouse and Eton styles; silk lined tfi r aa
throughout; real value $75.00, special 4"k3»UU
TAFFETA COATS— Eton and blouse styles, lined
with white and black silk, large sleeves and
fluffy effects, in black only; special at
$16.50, $18.50, $25.00, $27.50
COVERT CLOTH COATS AND JACKETS— In
exclusive styles, custom- tf*«|n flfifl*1A pa
tailored and" lined. ...... . •PlJ»UU> •plO.DU,
$18.50, $20, $25 and $30.00
SHIRT WAIST SUITS— In plain and figured taffeta
and check silks; also in butchers' linen, in tan,
blue, Jielio- and white, embroidered, plain and
lace trimmed
$25, $27.50, $35 and $40.00
Girls' and Misses' Dresses.
Peter Thompson's suits in brown, navy and
black, sizes 4 to 14 years.
Sailor suits in serges, brilliantine and fancy mix-
tures, sizes 4 to 12 years. -
Naval suits in serge, linen and mohair.
Spencer dresses in linen, different combinations.
\f COR.PO5T * KEARHT . $TS*
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Automatic Sofa Bed.
No more useful and ornamental piece of furniture . has
ever been made than above sofa bed. • Only a few seconds
-are necessary to change it from a beautiful sofa to a. full--;
•sized comfortable bed. The gates fold around on the back
when used as a sofa, and when opened are straightened but,
t giving it the appearance of. an elegant bed. We Jiave all-
styles and at prices to suit every purse. Our house is the/.;
lowest priced . in the city, as it is the only one that does not
¦ f pay rent and gives you the benefit.
The X Noonan Furniture Go.
10171023 MlSSiOn St. >eor«^ffUe
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
: Avoid the . curious bargain
counter 1 , crowds by visiting our
private 'Hair "Parlors, occupying .-
'the entire Fifth Floor of 110 Geary
St., where we sell you the famous
Ik^b. c. $i cnl
Pompadours for ¦ I WU
The -same as department stores'
demonstrate under- another name
and charge $2.50 for. Call, write : ¦
or telephone - Main ~ 498. . We can
save you ' a i dollar and . a lot of
trouble. ' It' a easy to: match your
hair wlthK.- B.C.'8-fwe used to •
• be at Hale's.
Mr & Mrs /<7>S>
A*P(osGRoye/j ¦ 9
likKt tH* Elevator \ Qp Ar\#
; £nf ing5 IK poor # A^gfr.;'^
111 I , H
TO THE PUBLIC
; Unforeseen circumstances force us to an-
\ nounce that the doors of this establishment
MUST be closed Saturday, April 16th, instead
¦ of May 1st, as formerly announced in the
daily papsrs.
Respectfully,
PATTOSIEN COMPAMY
Per W. J. Pattosien, Mir.
I THROUGH TOURIST CARS I
i TO CHICAGO OR ST. LOUIS
1 SOUTHERN PACIFIC
I UNION PACIFIC J^^Tn, 1
P jd0^ j^r T° *h e Exposition |
P^y^OVERLAND LIMITED j
jrfr S- 1*? BOOTH, Gen. Agent, V. D. HR. |
• ', "l Montgomery Sired, San Francisco |
II Or any SOUTHERN PACIFIC AGENT |£7 .The . Fire Pension Fund I
gioriers filed a 'statement with the' Su- •
peryisors ; yesterday that they \will ,
need $30,000 to pay flremen's.penslons ;
next year. The sum of "$19,000 was
allowed for the purpose this year, and
there: is now a deficit of '$2500 ihthei
fund. I
To Pay Firemen's Pensions.
. Trappcr'8 OH cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richard & Co.. 406 Clay.*
B.i'.Stoll, Centiat;>Jdaicnt& Maaonio av»»
Mrs. J. J. O'Neil, widow of the en
gineer killed by I the explosion of an
ammonia tank at the. Poodle Dog
restaurant a few days ago," denies the
statement that her. husband was not a
competent- workman. 4 She asserts that
all his business . associates knew - him
to be an unusually careful . engineer.
Says Husband Was Competent.
Landseer's celebrated painting, 'The
Lion." free to customers; to others. 10c;
by mail, 15c. Chas. Lyons, 721. Market
St., and 122 Kearny. .* •
Jose Ramon Pico, a descendant of
Pio Pico, California's first Governor,
was given judgment yesterday by
JudgerSloss in .the suit in which A.
Schrieber is the plaintiff. Schreiber
sued Pico for money he claimed he
advanced him in sums ranging from
5 cents to $5 during. the time the lat
ter was waiting for the approval by
the Legislature of a claim laid by him
against the State.
Gives , Judgment to Pico.
cavation would be commenced at once
and rushed to a finish, Morris was dis
charged.
• ? • *
In the select boarding-house con
ducted by Mrs. Agipita C. Lopez at 617
Second street there was no inmate bet
ter treated than John Alarez, and that
fact made his riotous j conduct last
Friday evening both extraordinary and
reprehensible. He smashed a glass
paneled door and annihilated a win
dow, and was proceeding to demolish
other portions of the structure when
the landlady summoned a policeman
and gave him into custody. She was
utterly unable to assign a reason for
the prize boarder's outbreak.
"There's another boarding-house up
on Broadway," said Judge Mogan to
Senor Alvarez, "and during your thirty
days' stay there you will not be pro
voked by favoritism to smash things."
« * •
George T. Ballinger, charged with
embezzlement, was held to the Supe
rior Court by Judge Cabaniss with bail
fixed at $2500, which was promptly fur
nished."
The defendant is an office^ in the
National Guard of California and was
employed as bookkeeper by the Cali
fornia Art Glass Bending and Cutting
Company at the time of his alleged
offense, February 11, 1903. It is charged
that he so "doctored" the books as to
defraud the firm of $4500.
• * •
John Kelly is accused of robbing
Thomas Baston of 25 cents after ' he
had vainly solicited alms from that
person 'last Friday night - on Fifth I
street, near Howard. It is alleged that!
Kelly stopped Baston and demanded I
money, and that when Baston refused ;
to comply with the demand, Kelly!
knocked him down and forcibly took a
quarter of a dollar from him. Judge
Mogan is considering the case.
Morris Winetrank was arrested for
obstructing^the sidewalk on Hayes
street by allowing barrels to remain
overnight in front' of his liquor store.
s "I have no basement to store them
in," said Morris.
"Then you would better dig one,"
retorted Judge Mogan.
On his promise- that the work of ex-
were heavily under the influence when
Hug. misse.d his pocketbook and ac
cused Go'odrich of stealing it. Numer
ous character witnesses testified in the
defendant's behalf and the evidence
for the prosecution was very weak.
The annual gymnastic exhibition
and dance of the physical culture
classes of the Mission Turn Verein
will be given at Mission Turner Hall
on Eighteenth street, near Valencia,
on Sunday evening, April 17. This ex
hibition is one of the leading festi
vals arranged by the turners and has
always been a great success. Profes
sor Robert Barth, the instructor of the
society, has taken the greatest pains
in arranging this entertainment, and
all the^classes, numbering over 200
pupils, will , take part.
Turn -Verelii Exhibition.
Stock certificates and iseal presses at short
notice.- Edw. S. Knowles. 24 Second st. •
1 LONDON, April 9.— The British pun
itive expedition operating against the
Okpoto. tribfe of natives in -Nigeria,
British West Africa, lost four men
killed and "forty-eight wounded in the
fighting recently, when the Okpotoa
fought their way into the midst of a
British scuare. The Okpotos continue
determinedly to resist the advance of
the expedition. '^ I -
The head" of \ Captain O'Riordan, one
of the British officers previously killed,
has been recovered, as well as some
of the guns lost when his patrol was
cut up in December last with a loss
of two officers and forty or fifty native
troops killed.'^ ''.:-.'
Charge a Hollow Square and
Cut Their Way Through
the White Foe's Lines
BLACKS DISPLAY VAL0E
, Judge Fritz had just emulated Su
perior Judge Cook's dismissal of the
murder charge and was leaving the
courtroom when Taylor moved toward
Ke"nnedy and laid his hand upon his
wrist. Kennedy attempted to release
the officer's grip, and in the ensuing
struggle the prisoner got decidedly the
worst of it. "Don't /Choke me, and I'll
go," he finally gasped. That closed the
incident. v
Kennedy was once convicted in the
Superior Court, but the Supreme Court
ordered a new trial and Judge Cook
dismissed the charge on the ground of
insufficient evidence. It looks as if the
police are determined to fill every pos
sible loophole by which he might again
obtain freedom.
• . • ' *
! Judge Fritz sentenced Edward
Dougherty to a year's imprisonment —
six months for fast driving and six
months for knocking down and severely
injuring a woman and child while he
was committing the former offense
one day last week on Market street.
• • •
Ah Pang, Ah Long and Ah Lou were
' found guilty of violating the ordinance
which prohibits the congregating of
three or more persons behind closed
doors to indulge In gambling. An at
torney pleaded on behalf of Ah Pang
that only two persons were together
when 'he arrived, but Judge Mogan
overruled the technical objection. The
defendants will be sentenced next
; Wednesday.
: • • •
! Airy persiflage marked the exami
' nation of. Harry Johnson, who was
found fast asleep on a downtown side
walk at 3:30 o'clock yesterday morn
ing. In his hip pocket nestled a big
revolver fully loaded, and It was his
explanation of how he became pos- 1
sessed of the weapon that started the
flow of humor.
' "I'm a ¦ nightwatchman aboard
ships," he said, "and I need the gun in:
: my business." j
j "Then why were you slumbering the '
I nocturnal hours away on the public^
street?" inquired the Judge. V\>%':
"He was rehearsing his regular avo
cation," suggested a facetious attor
ney.
! "Asleep on a sidewalk— he ought to
be charged with impersonating a po-",
liceman," remarked Clerk Grey, with '
a significant glance at Bailiff Hickey. i
"Appreciating how difficult it is for
a nightwatchman to keep awake* 'at
night, I will remand you for further
investigation, Mr. Johnson," said the
j Judge.
I The defendant, who had appeai*ed-to
relish the witty sayings and regard
them as a harbinger of leniency, ab
ruptly underwent, a falling of the coun
i tenance pitiful to see.
• ¦ • ¦ ' •
Two gay sports from , Tokio were
amusing themselves by ringing door
bells, tapping windows and by: other
means disturbing the peace that dwells
at the intersection of Pine and Dupont
streets at 3 o'clock -a.m., when they
were arrested, and in Judge Mogan'a
court, they responded in person ,\vhen
tlrs bailiff called K. Tomenon anil ¦ S. r
Takamato. Through an*', interpreter
they Dleaded that in their, native land .
it is uo offense against the law's I'm-
William R. Kennedy, alias "Yellow,"
resisted arrest in Judge Fritz's court
room and fought desperately with De
tective C. L. Taylor until that official
choked him into submission. The
dusky prisoner thought that to remain
in court was his only protection from
further arrest ' for complicity in the
murder of Policeman Eugene Robin
son a couple of yearsNago, and his at
torney apparently shared that belief,
else-he would have advised against his
client's resistance.
Judge Mogan ordered Mrs. Garaghy
into custody for battery and contempt
of court, and then little Mrs. Johnson
took from her satchel a gold watch and
chain, pulled from one of her fingers a
golden insignia of wifehood and laid
the treasures upon the Judge's desk.
"They belong to him," she said,
nodding toward her husband, "and I
don't want to have anything of his in
my possession, for I'm going to be di
vorced as soon as possible."
Death is likely to divorce her be
fore any mundane court can perform
that service, for Johnson is so far gone
in consumption that he can hardly
walk. If he outlives the year's im
prisonment that has been prescribed
for him there will be something for
medical science to investigate.
Mrs. Johnson indignantly denied the
impeachment as to Jack.' "I want no
man on earth," she sobbed. "I have
had enough of men to last me a life
time. When this case is over I'm (go
ing back Jo my parents in Oregon. I
don't know this woman's son, and I
don't want" to know him."
"Oh, you liar!" shouted Mrs. Gara
ghy, shaking her fist at the smaller
woman. "I'd cheerfully do ten months
for one more crack at her," s^ie audi
bly informed one of the bailiffs\
verely disaproved by that lady. "She
is in love with Mike," said Mrs. John
son, "and is angry at me because I
am prosecuting him. She wants to
marry him." \
"I care nothing for Mike Johnson,"
Mrs. Garaghy declared, "but I'm sore
at his wife, because she. wants to get
him kept in jail so that she can get a
divorce and marry my -18-year-old son
Jack. That's what I thumped her'
for." ' ¦ ¦ '
Michael Johnson was bound over In
$5000 to keep the peace toward the pub
lic at large and his young wife Hattie
in particular, for six months, and just
as the decision was handed down by
Judge Megan there was a commotion
on the back benches that distracted
attention from everybody and every
thing else. When the bailiffs had el
bowed their way to the storm center
they found Mrs. Delia Garaghy, mid
dle-aged and muscular, firmly holding
fragile Hattie Johnson with her left
hand and vigorously punching her
head with a clenched right. The
women were separated and placed be
fore the Judge, where they told con
flicting stories as to the cause of the
assault. ;
Mrs. Johnson stated that since her j
husband was arrested, she has been ,
living in a lodging-house kept by Mrs. j
Garaghy at 207 Turk street, and that
the prosecution of Johnson was se-
There was not sufficient evidence^to
convict Herschel Goodrich of
Oscar Hug's pocket and he was dis
missed with some kindly counsel by
Judge Mogan.
Hug is a German and lives on re
mittances from relatives in the father
land. He was touring the saloons of
the tenderloin when he fell in with
Goodrich, who pursues the respect
able calling of enlarging photographs.
The two men drank together and both
Stafford is under ball to appear in
the Superior Court and answer a
charge of burglary. y
Nicholas Stafford informed Judge
Mogan that he had, no complaint
against Michael McVey, a water front
saloon-keeper, by whom he was shot
in the leg.
"He did perfectly right in shooting,"
said Nicholas, "because a gang of us
were wrecking his place."
I There was nothing else for the
Judge to do than dismiss the case
against McVey, and that was ' done. '
'Frank Ferol was given thirty days
in the County Jail for transforming a
Pacific-street grocery into a rough
house. The owner of the Dlace.is a
woman and she ejected ¦ Mr. Ferol
twice before he was arrested. ,
For selling a 25-cent bottle of whis
ky to a policeman in plain clothes
Mrs. Theresa McDonald was fined $10
by Judge Cabaniss. v.She owns a little
bakery in the Mission, but has no li
cense to sell intoxicants. .
¦? " ' * : *• ¦ j^"^
. Ah Sing was convicted' of conduct
ing a. peripatetic lottery and Judge
Mogan fined him $100. With a sheaf
of blank tickets, an ink pot and a
brush "*Ah Sing visited the wholesale
district and played it low down on un
sophisticated Melican men of specu
lative proclivities. He marked the
tickets as they directed, charged them
25 cents apiece for the documents and
reappeared next day with what he
professed to be a correct copy of the
result of the drawing in which they
had invested. They never won any
thing because no such drawing took
place, but he always convinced them
that they had come within a dot or
two' of landing a big prize.
nlty to work off exuberance of SDirit by
making night hideous, and that they
were not yet perfectly acquainted with
the restrictive statutes of this city and
country. For their tardiness in. famil
iarizing themselves with American
customs they were fined $10 apiece.
Okpoto Tribesmen in West
Africa Kill Four 3Ien and
Wound Forty-Eight Others
Mr^.D^Iia G nghv Attacks Mrs. Hattie Johnson, Who Says
That Her A>sa;l ntlsin Love With Michael Jonnson, Whn
Has'Been Convict/d of Brutally Ih-Treiting His Wife
WOMAN ASSAULTS WOMAN
IN A POLICE COURTROOM
NATIVES FIGHT
BRITISH FORCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO GAtt" SUNDAY,, APRIL 10,; 1904-
34
Latest Importation
. The following two lin3S of NEW GOODS
have been rec°iyed bv us this week and on
inspection will be found exceDtional valuess
Two cases SB-Inch DEVONSHIRE and WEST
OF ENGLAND TAILOR SUITINGS. These
Tweeds are in mixed colorings, imrisiWe
checksand small, neat strlDeSr There are
a .great variety of colorings in the lot. TheD
are all pure wool and are the a £ZQ
new fabrics so much in demand 7f^% V
for traveling dresses. Price v * -ri Dar(l *
Three cases 54-in IMPORTED ENGLISH IRON
FRAME ALPACA. These Goods are from the.
leading manufacturer of Bradford, England,
and are a very high lustrous finish, Theq
come in the following colors? Two shades
navu, two shades brown, shades g AA
of tan, cream and medium and V
dark gray mixtures.\ Pries M-^ 1 uarcL
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS,
i - • ¦
Extra Special.
500 dozen Sheer. Linen and Linen Cambric
Hemstitched Ladies 1 HANDKER- <C|.OO
CHIEFS (Irish manufacture) •Pldoz.
Hi, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Was Pronounced Beyond Hope, but Was Restored
y by Ismar, the Gypsy. x
DKAR IS&IAR: . ways anxious to testify to Ismar's al-
V.ords cannot express my jratltudo most superhuman power as a healer
,to you for the complete cure effected on T , »-*,«»o * umri.
me by your wonderful heallns powers. iSmar nevcr "»» to solve any pcr-
Gratefully yours. plenties which may disturb the mind.
BERNARD GRAHAM. Lost valuables, jewels or money are
The above letter received by Ismar, quickly located by Ismar. If about to
.the miraculous healer, from Bernard lnvest money or engage In business
Graham, a sufferer Trom chronic ca- P ursuitR of any nature whatever, con-
sult Ismar. as the information pained
from her is sure to be of great value
//^^^-^\\ *° >' ou - Her counsel has been the
>jv * ffv^^^*^^\ **. means of success to thousands and will
/< :\ /\\ / 'jS^&iS^ 1 -'f T enable you to succeed in your under-
--'.- "S2~ /'^"^^ iS5l!ft\ - If you are a from disease of
t -J***;f*Zk an y klnd Ismar will locate your trou-
**^'$kalfi^^!w'$h hle and heal y° u - Her girt of healing
«~~* ¦' ".7/%I^> \ST* S W f*\ ls truly wondf i"ful. Don't let preju-
'/''£2f-£bH*-^& dIres keep you from att:iinirB: perfect
¦y^^'JiJj^^^^i § pA health — you can have it by consulting
/&$3<$r ' '* lt out of town and unable to call
fff^l JF**«g£)v ;<i^>/ U ¦• wrIte her * Hcr rea dlngs by mail are
I I 'OT/w^y^'^- -^ '* fully aS correct and satisfactory as
jr'/V-i^Mvff t^TOP^ i l*l.^^-:-! / r ; f hcr Personal readings. Throe ques-
f» •V\^^*'^V, '¦' \vs5^__^^' -f* tions answered for $1.00. Full life
*\ V^k$£&% H Y*S'' c: *r~' "^"^ reading 55.00. Send money by Wells-
: » ;f ZV.-W-W. •i' : . v - ; '-> Fargo or postoflice money order or by
registered letter.
tarrh of the stomach. Is only one of Office hours 10 a. m. to'5p. m. Sun- :
the many testimonials daily coming to days 10 a. m. to 1- p. [nCT Address '1104
hcr office from the hundreds of her Market street, above - Mason. Phone"
completely cured who are al- South 1141.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r ; y I
A manufacturer's |
6^9l C^ surplus stock of j
*§^^-Jfj&^' v^ -Swiss and Lisle J
A^m^^^^^^^ vests,also silk vests 11
/^*^ iH^Oii^ v^if . low; neck ¦¦¦and no j
(^iSH'^iiwffl s^ eeves > handsome- jf
1 WE'/- lv trimmed yokes, 9
*'')/ iif linn Vji t»i 1 1^'"^\ §^ i i i_ j El
I \-Jxi nas been secured |
8R. by us for our popu- I
1 lar Underwear Department. Some of these vests jj
| are slightlv imperfect and we offer them for :bout I
B ONE-HALF PRICE. This lot comprises about H
J 3000 vests. 75 dozen fancy Egyptian yarn vests I
fl with crochet yokes, value 35c m n ann U I
I Sale price • l"C eaCIl I
i 125 dozen "assorted styles silk and lisle vests with j
I crochet or plain fronts in pink, blue Wr Aarh -I
B . and white, value 50c and 75c. Sale price uot'Catll 1
|[ 50 dozen spun silk vests with fancy crochet • zr r j|
I fronts/value $1.25. Sale price "^ l(
1 . 20 dozen fancv crochet lisle vests in whi l e, pink, |
I blue, Vlue $1.50 zo r 1
; ¦ . ¦ |{
30 dozen silk corset cov°r^, high-neck Lz~ aanU 1
and short sleeves, value $k25. Sale price UDL CdCD J..
Sale of Dainty Our Popular Kid 1
Lawn Waists _ - Glove Section 1
( 2d floor, ta^c elevator.) I
A very choice collection "of that a.c have in stock what i
WHITE LAWN WAISTS, San Francisco ladies demand
.ringed and tucked xvi.h en-
broidery, insertion, including a Gloves, black/white, all shades,
line of plain tucked lawn ' en. 7c,, * nn > or
waists. We regard this, as one . ' umnfrM.^ T,rn
of tUe strong, specin! ,-,,ue. R^ "^^ M^
t , offered this season; worth $1.25. French kid gloves,, in black,
(Sale price white, all shades. .
>--* S1.00 Paip
7S(^ - "' AJI gloves . warranted and
"?*?-".y": K x
Sale of Children's Dresses,; $1,25
::» . Including Chambray^ Gingham and Dimities. The; styics; are :
1 V Buster < Brown, Sailor, Russian and fancy dress effects, in stripes, '
\J -checksand plain colors. . # • j
WM C^nSetnySt and S fM-
jl Agents Royal Worcester Corsets llM
t _ AayssTissairgTS. '_'____ , : : 7
"SPR.IVO and SUMMER WAISTS
This week we will show a number of entirely new models,
made of plain pongee, chiffon cloth, French linens, imported
woven zephyrs, fancy nets and lingerie laces.
S.)3Ciaf for .vfoncfay Only J^si
3. JO Waists for $! 65. @pi|ife
The accompanying illustration f «^_j3sjp* ;S^|«P=~.-.-.
is of a waist made :n our own/ I \^~ 'J
workroom; the material is a fast- | U&&2 ;
color, imported cotton Japanese | '
crepe, in colorings of tan, solid \ i!0$ji^Jfjtj/i$!\ \
white, liglit blue, rose, white \d$^ji0ify}3h$U
{jroands with colored stripes and 'f%^^^§i^ifji!~\^'-: i 'i
colored grounds with fine white Z4\&4kl '& ''*'" ¦•'• ' ;^/C^ : <\
stripes: si^res 32 to l± A Regular **?\
$3.03 value — cpecial positively for -^ -j | \ { " /^^ A
I $L65 \_^M&i
Magnin's Muslin Underwear Dept.
This department comprises the largest and most ex-
: elusive variety of hand and machine made garments procur-
able. The success of this department is due to the fact that
domestic goods sold over our counters are all made in our
o»m workroom, where every detail during their construction
is carefully superintended. The materials used are of the"
hcit standard quality and trimmings are carefully selected in
; order to tnscre durability. Our garments are unmatchable
values when style and quality are considered.
Special attention paid to Bridal Trousseaux. This week
we -wril] show a number of new st3'les of Parisian Hand-made
Kridal Sets.
Special Sa!c of White
Skfrts for To-Mor- fi — ,„. .__/// /?\m
row Only. f^Bm / ' <l\l
LADIES' WHITE ¦ ' l-'-jjL / 0 /, f [\ U
underskirts, \-.y. /t^L-.A. Jz£\S$
as illustrated; c u t M?, ' /lKfffY[W^\
on the same pattern /^T^y J 7 / j ' ' " \^{k \
as the very best skirt that c^/ |_^--V''^1
v,e carrv. The material ~&^::\ : f^r^¥^^\^A
is Lonsdale's best cam- <&^$f ffipWy W^l
brie: 9-inch flounce of
I dainty designs of Swiss '^^^^^.^^^W^.*'^^*^ 1
embroiderv; extra dust " - *' 1% '¦**" ( >-St^*S\^
nifPic. Regular $2.25 value- Special for Mon-<l>t EZf\
day only CJ> I .OU
Ready-to-Wear Misses' and Women's
Garments
This department is complete with the newest and most
; exclusive coring and summer creations. Some arc imported
from the foremost manufacturers and others are made in our
own workrooms. The materials used are the most fashion-
able — rarely two garments alike — each possessing a distinct
; and fascinating individuality of style. Special attention given
j to Misses' and Small Ladies' Tailor-made Suits,.
Ladies' Lingerie Costumes ifi^-
in farcy and shirt-waist ef-
fects; made of fish nets, all- ISsf^tsW
over lingerie laces, exclusive tj
designs of all-over embroid- "
cry, Brussels net, French
and Irish iinciis. handker- /ffi'W^- : ft?$£'b
chief linens, French taffetas, '
fancy louisines and French 0jk ipffijT* $'h¥f*\
cotton voiles. tf&tSfgB&ftt/S ,
LADIES' SUITS, same 3&&5*t*^W
'stj-le as illustrated; made of < fe^V.'i?i 1
Brussels net, with an under- v^»^ f
I slip of French organdie; en- /t t*"'^ '
tire costume is daintily /4$A
trimmed with a neat design A7^*v^ '}
of Calais lace and white ff^ir^^y,
satin ribbon; sizes 34 to 42. J^4&\\ s? *!
An exception- 4» | zr j-f| * jM ; feil5 '
ally good ralue v * W. JU •£>? / \ jpc^H^A
LADIES' SHIRT WAIST J^&1^^3^^k
SUITS; effective designs, j^^^K^r--r^^Aj
made of the newest ma-iSBfc^iS^^'^^S 5^"!
terials; sizes O>J s() AND ~^£M&W^$&W
— ¦ I
SI8 922 MARKET STREET
Our new 64-page Spring and Summer Catalogue will be sent
t re«» to out-of-town customers.
We are exclusive Pacific Coast agents for the "ARNOLD"
¦ goods, formerly sold by Mrs. Ober.
j Oriental Goods
At Wholesale Prices
! We Offer Oai Entire Sztr» Plaa co>» '
l*ctloa of '
: Oriental Rugs f
I AND CURTAINS j\
At 25 Per Cent
Plscouat f/oa rtgrOMS Tttrna pxio«a,
¦ ', W« ara sola ageaO tat
JOHN CROSSLEY & SON'S
CELEBRATED ENGLISH CABPETS;
;Ghas. M. Plum & Co.
t Cor. 9th and Market Sts. :
»
»¦¦»¦; ?>¦¦¦»' m^
I Your
I Opportunity
1 China
I Crockery
I . Glassware
I Enamel Ware
I High Grade
I Ornaments
I 50£OFF
I It pays
I . to trade
1 at
1 -a? American Importing Tea Go
Hs61 Market 210 Grant ave. UVJ Polk
H 140 Sixth 1810 Devisadero 7o5 Larkm
IS 475 llalght 30O«S Sixtet-ntb 335 Hayes
¦ 32S5 Mission 621 Monts' avo. G2 Market
i D 2008 Fillmora 231B Mission 14G Ninth
; {3 S<W Thtrd ?"T? ?4th . 4rt» Frurth
EXPEBT^OPTICIAlf.
! Are TOUR GLASSES SOOTHING and REST-
1 FCC? Do they relieve the strain, blurring and
tiring of, the eyes? If not use George Mayerle' 3
Antiseptic Eyeglass Wipers, 15c: 2 for 25c.
• GEORGE " MAYERLE'3 German Eyewater;
! perfectly harmless. Makes, weafc eyes strong,
sore eyes well. Rests tired eyes. Price ZO
cents; by mnll C2 cents. Money order or Wells-
George Mayerle
German Expert Optician, 1071 Market St.
£sr\ 2 doors from 7th St..
EYES EXAMINED FREE. .
Open evenings until 0. Phone South 372.
Maycrle's Glasses Are Invariably Recom-
mended by Svery Wearer.
2 doors from 7th St.Crudo Wants a New. Trial. ; |
/When Nicola Crudo appeared before
Judge. Lawlor- yesterday.; for formal
sentence of ] imprisonment : for life for
the ; murder, ,of Prospero ' Migalo, " his
attorneys filed a motion for. ji 'new
trial.'' The matter was continued for
a \week , for' argument
Harriman Is ''Elected a Delegate...
CMIDDLETOWN, N. Y.. April ; 9.-^-
The Republican "convention : of « the
Twentieth-; Congressional District;*, to
day chose ¦ E. "i H. , Harriman; of; .Orange
County j a delegate to* the -National
Convention/ : Harriman is president of
the Union ; Pacific ; and . Southern ¦ Pa
cific i ; ' railroads. > V -..-: Resolutions . - - were
adopted : indorsing, the "administrations
of President- Roosevelt and Governor
OdellK'Tv; :j- . " '"'¦ .--.--/; -'; : •
Rene Thorsch, a boy 17 years of
age, was brought from Los Angeles by
Detective Ed Gibson yesterday morn
ingjand'booked at 5 the City Prison on
ai charge of ¦¦ misdemeanor embezzle
ment. ' He Is accused of embezzling:
money belonging to J. B. Whitney, 120
Sutter street. boy cut his throat
in'Los Angeles ; l'adt Wednesday In 'an
attempt at suicide^ and* 1 left " a note,
which led to his Identity.
* Living up to a name Is a difficult and a**reat
achievement. Making a new one ; Is greater.
'•Old Gilt Edge Wblskey" made a new name so
lone ago that it <* con- able to live up to tt as
, *b old. old cue.' ' • '
Thorsch Is Brought Back.
NEVADA CITY. April &.— The Repub
lican County Central Committee this
afternoon unanimously passed a resolu
tion indorsing Charles E. Clinch of
Grass Valley for delegate to the Re
publican National Convention. The
following delegates were chosen to the
State convention: W. F. Englebright,
S. W Marsh, D. E. Morgan. L. P. La
rue. D. E. Matteson, W. Williams, Sen
ator J. R. .Tyrrell. P E. Linder, W. Mo
bley and Major J. S. McBride.
meeting of the Republican County Cen
tral Committee, namely: J. W. Knox,
W. W. Abbott. C. A. Bertholf and Paul
Newmann. President Roosevelt and
Congressman Needham were strongly
indorsed.
H*i The following board of directors
was elected by the ladies of the South
Park Settlement ; yesterday afternoon:
Mrs. Phoebe 'A. Hearst,- Dr. Alonzo E:
Taylor, E. J. McCutchen* Mrs. M/W.
Kincaid,, William Sheldon, G. Kellogg,
Mrs. Virginia Fitch, John O'Toole,
council; Mrs. M.\ W. . Kincnid, Miss
Jean Parker, : Miss Virginia Fitch, Mis3
Harvey Anthony, -Miss Jessie , Peixotto,
Rev. Bradford . Leavitt,* William Den
nlan, Miss Ethel . Beaver," John G.
Howell, v J. P.: -Chamberlain, Lucile
Eaves, Miss ;Mary McEwen . and Miss
Fannie McLean^ :•• The . directors. : will
soon elect a president, treasurer and
secretary. .; •'; •'
Elect New Directors.
John Quinn, 20 years of age, was
arrested yesterday morning on Third
street by Detectives Regan and O'Con
nell and booked at the City Prison. It
i3 alleged that Qulnn was implicated
with "Jack" Furey, alias Sullivan, in
a. number of robberies In Ogden and
Salt Lake City last fall. The Ogden
authorities were notified and replied
that an officer would be sent for
»./uinn. Furey was arrested in thfcJ
cjty about a month ago and taken to
Ogden. .
Will Be Taken to Ogden.
, The arguments for the defense were
made by. George A. McGowan and W.
H. Schooler. Assistant United . States
District Attorney Ben L. McKinley
made ¦ a forcible reply and theargu
ment was continued for two. weeks.
When William F. Dasha, Thomas J.
Dempsey,- Horn Toon and Wong Din,
who had been convicted of conspiracy,
to land Chinese illegally, came up for
sentence' in the United States District
Court yesterday their counsel moved
for an -Varrest of judgment and new
trials for Horn Toon and Wong Din
and contended that Dasha, who had
pleaded guilty to the second andthlrd
Indictments, should escape punish
ment on those Dleas for the reason
that hig conviction on the first indict
ment placed him once in jeopardy. It
was argued. that the conspiracies men
tioned, in the three indictments were
one and the same conspiracy and that
therefore? only' the first conviction
should stand.
Ple.i of . Once in Jeopardy Is Made on
Behalf of Former Deputy
Sheriff Dnshn.
NEW, TRIALS ARE ASKED
IX* SUBSTITUTION' CASES
Louis Levy, the latest claimant for
the fortune left by the late Julius
Friedman, is to the fore with an af
fidavit tending to show that he is the
nephew of the deceased. The affidavit
was filed yesterday, the affiant being
Samuel Price, a recent arrival from
Russia. Price says he knew Sophia
Levy, the claimant's mother, and says
that she was Friedman's i^lsr. He
says he knew her before she was mar
ried and that on one occasion after
Friedman had left Russia for this
country he remembers the receipt by
Mrs. Levy from Friedman of a letter
in which a check for 5500 was in
closed. Price, who is 76 years of age,
Bays' this happened thirty-six years
Supports Levy's Claim.
An enormous World's Fair travel Is
foreshadowed by inquiries being received
by the Santa Fe. The Santa Fe is popu
lar on account of being the short, quick
way. Thousands wish information about
the cheap rates. Inquiries addressed to
the Santa Fe office. 641 Market street.
San Francisco, are answered promptly. •
Fair Rate?.
Unprecedented Inquiry for World's
THE ST. LOUIS EXODCS.
Lcp Cabin! '"The brad with a flavor."
l our itakr— wbclcsale— V00 Dolores it.
MOULLEN" SAVES THE , DAY.
With the relay race out of the -way
the field day was still undecided and
Oakland High School finished second,
never being able to regain the advan
tage lost at the - start. This* was its
first defeat in. the league relay in ten
years of competition." The time for the
mile was 3 minutes, 30 4-5 seconds. The
previous record of 3:23 was » held by
Oakland. .
He was off lika a shot at the start
ing Kignal,_and ran as if his life de
pended upon his efforts. He opened
up a gap. of fifteen yards almost In
stantly. . He increased this slightly be
.fore the end of the relay, turning over
a decided lead to Beck, who had pre
viously won the 220-yard rsice. Johns,
Jones, O'Connor antL. Dodson each in
his turn . performed wonders, leaving
the other contestants strung out like
the tall of a comet.
Two records of the Academic Ath
letic League were broken, one was
tied and' in a number of instances the
winners were just outside the best
previous performances. , ; v -- :}
Lick's victory in the relay race was
a spectacular one. Owing to the size
of the track the first runner it called
upon to go only 170 yards, the remain
ing five each making a complete
circuit of the oval. Cope, who earlier
in the afternoon won the classic
"hundred" in 10 1-5 seconds, tying
the^ former record, had the first relay
for Lick.
Ukiah High School, 18 4-5 points.
Lowell High School, 17 points.
Berkeley High School, 11 points.
TWO RECORDS BROKEN;
The sturdy athletes of the Califor
nia School of Mechanical Arts (Lick
School), who have come to the front
with a rush this year, placed the third
field day of the season to their credit
yesterday at Berkeley oval.
The representatives of this school
scored the most points in the field
days of the San Francisco Athletic
League and of the Bay County Ath
letic League. They topped this off by
winning, for the first time, the spring
field day of the Academic Athletic
League. The battle for points was
bravely fought throughout the after
noon by the brawny representatives of
Ukiah High School, Oakland High
School, Lowell High School and Lick
School. The victorious Lick athletes
made a whirlwind finish, taking the
last two events, the relay race with
Its rich reward of ten points and the
hammer throw, which gave them five
points additional.
The scores of the leading teams at
the -close of the day's sharp competi
tion were:
Lick School.. 29 4-5 points.
Oakland High School, 27 4-5 points.
220-yard "dash, first ; heat— Won by
Beck, C. S. M. A. ; ¦ Roth, U. H. 1 ; S.,.sec
ond. Time, 24 seconds.' Second heat-
Won by TruxauvF.' H." S.V Time, 24 4-5
seconds. Third heat— -Won by * Rawles,
U. H.. S. Time, , 25 seconds. Final heat
—Won" by BeckT'e/'S.'; M. A.; Rawles,
100-yard dash, ilrst heat— Won by
Cope, C.\S. M. 'A.: Whitman, B. PL S.,
second; Truxaw, F. H. S., third. Time,
10 3-5 seconds. Second heat— Won by
Rice, O. H. S. ; '-. Schwartz, L. H. S., sec
ond:' De. Laney.^C. S. M. A., third.
Time," 11 'seconds.. Third heat— A dead
heat between* Roth,' / U. H. S.,' ¦ and
Wiley, L. H. S.: Vesper,. O: H.S'., third.
Time,* 11 seconds. Final 'heat— Won' by
Cope, ClS.'M.' Al; Rice* aiid Whitman,
dead -heat*, for second r place.- Time,
10 1-5 seconds. Academic record, 10 1-5
seconds. • , ¦ , . *J~:<
Munn proved the star of the pole
*aulters, clearing the bar at 10 feet 9
inches. This is an inch and a half
higher than the previous record. Five
competitors tied for second place. The
results:
Moullen of Lick and Blakemore of
Berkeley High School were the prin
cipal contenders. Blakemore beat
Moullen the last time they met and
a sharp struggle was expected. To the
surprise of the spectators and the de
light Of the Lick adherents, Moullen
won easily, thus securing for his
school the day's championship/
The day was ideal for athletic com
petition and attracted an attendance
which crowded the picturesque grounds
of the University, of California. The
athletes in their abbreviated costumes
were the most comfortable people dh
the ground.
De Mamill of Lowell High School
gave, a great exhibition of gameness
and judgment in the trying mile run:
He -assumed the lead in the second lap
and maintained that position until the
bend for home in the last lap. Here
Hunter of Santa Clara, who holds the
record for the distance, challenged and
took the lead from him. There was a
desperate struggle to the tape, De
Mamill finally getting the decision by
inches. The time was one-fifth of a
second outside record.
MELVIN* A .CRACK HURDLER.
Melvin of Oakland High School
proved the star of the hurdlers, win
ning both events. Hartan of Ukiah
finished second. In the final of
220-yard huif lie these two ran stride
for stride. Melvin just breasting, the
tape in advance of his opponent.
Schwartz, the crack sprinter of Low
ell High School, was the only com
petitor injured. He strained a tendon
in his left le.g and had to be carried
from the field.
the major portion of the spectators
repaired to the baseball field, adjoin
ing the track, to witness the hammer
throw. '
Hammer throw— Won* by Moullen, C.
S. ' M. A.,"distance j 156 feet -2% j Inches;
Cunningham, U." Hi S., second, 130 feet:
Blakemore, B. H. ! S.; third, . 123 .feet 5
inches. Academic record, 173 feet r 10
inches. \ .
Relay race — Won by California
School of Mechanical Arts (Lick
School), Oakland High School second,
Lowell High School 'third. Time.
3:20 4-5. Former academic record, 3:23.
vault — Won by Munn, M. H. S.J
Ostrander, F. H.S., Henley, U. H. S.,
Moullen, C. S. M. A., Vail, O. H. S., R.
Titus, S. C. II. S., tied for second place.
Munn's vault, 10 feet 9 inches; former
academic record, 10 feet 7% inches.
High jump— Won by Hall, O. H. S.;
Magerstadt.C. S. M. A., second; Munn,
M. H. S., third. Height, 5 feet 11%
inches. Academic record, 6 feet 1 inch.
Shot put — Won by Blakemore, B. H.
S.; Munn, M. .II. S., second; Horton, U.
H. S., third. Distance, 47 feet 4 inches.
Academic record, , 52 feet 8 Inches.
Broad jump— Won by Titusi S. C. H.
S.; , Bonner, L. H. S., second; Mager
stadt, C. S.-M. A., third. Distance, 21
feet 4 S-10 inches. Academic record, 22
feet 3M inches.
"Half-mile— Won by* Yost, L. H. S.;
Miller, B. H. S., second; Fickes, O. H.
S., third. Time, 2:03 4-C. Academic
record, 2:05 4-5: .
Mile run — Won by De Mamiel, L. H
S.; Hunter, S. C. H. S., second; Maun
drell. L. H. S.. third. Time, 4:413-5.
Academic record, 4:41 3-5.
120-yard hurdle — First heat won by
Horton, U. HC S.; Titus, S. C. H. S.,
second; time, 17 2-5 seconds. Second
heat won by Melvin, O. H. S.; Jacobs,
S. R. H, S., second; time, 17 4-5 seconds.
Third heat won by Melvin, O. H. S.;
Horton, U. H. S. f second; S. Titus, S. C.
H. S., third; time 16 4-5 seconds.
Academic record, 16 1-Jf seconds.
"220-yard hurdle— First heat won by
Titus, S. C. H. S.; Dozier, O. H. S.,
second; time, 28 4-5 seconds. Second
heat won by Horton, U. H. S.; Jacobs,
S. R.. H. S, second; time, 27 4-5 seconds.
Third heat won by Melvin, O. H. S.;
Wilkinson, B. H. S., second; time, 27 3-5
seconds. Final heat won by Melvin,
O. H. S.; Horton, U. H. S.. second;
Jacobs, S. R. H. S., third; time, 27 3-5
seconds. Academic record, 27 1-5 sec
onds. ¦ -' . • .
U. H. S., second; Truxaw, F. H. S.,
third. Time, 24 seconds. Academic
record, 231-5 seconds. 1 '
Quarter-mile — Won by Rawles, U. H.
S.; Sheehan, O. H. S., second; Abbott,
L. H. S., third. Time, 53 seconds. Aca
demic record, 51 1-5 seconds.
HIGH SCHOOL BOYS WHO PERFORMED
BRILLIANTLY YESTERDAY IN ACA
DEMIC ATHLETIC LEAGUE FIELD DAY.
Neglect is the charge upon which
Hattle E. Underwood is seeking a di
vorco from John C. Underwood, to
whom she was married at New Or
leans in July, 189S. She says that for
the last year, because of dissipation,
he has not provided for her.
Mrs. Mary S. • Lazzarevich, the de
fendant int a suit for divorce brought
by W. A.' Lazzarevich, in an answer
and cross-complaint to his suit, de
nies ¦ that she has ever been guilti
er unwifely conduct with one ChrLrler.
Bartlett, or that she. ever, left her
husband - and '. took up her residence
with him. She says she has always
been a fond, faithful and loving wife
and that Lazzarevich has neglected
her. ,
' Desertion and neglect are charged in
the complaints for divorce filed by Eva
F. , Hathaway against George Hatha
way, Nettle Bell against James R. Bell
and Rebecca Ingram against William
Ingram.
Frank GJaezer, proprietor of a res
taurant at C57 Clay street, who is be
ing sued for maintenance by his wife,
Alvina, answered her suit yesterday
with a /general denial of her charges.
He says the trouble between 'him and
his wife has been caused by thf* pres
ence-at their home of. her brother.
Edward F. Parker, who was married
to Alice C. Parker at Hamilton. Ohio,
in 1891, is seeking a divorce on the
ground of desertion. He alleges that
without cause or reason she left him
more than a .year ago. Desertion Is
also charged in the complaint for di
vorce filed by John H. -Cullen against
Maud.Cullen. They were married In
1900. Cullen wants his wife to resume
her maiden" name, Collins.
Mrs. Blumenthal is the divorced wife
of a Dri Blumel She is several years
her husband's senior. • "•¦¦'. ;;¦
Blumenthal senior said his son never
had an income of 5100 a month, and
that at the present time he would not
be able to live but by his father's
bounty. He said. that he once started
him in a "light" business, but that he
did | not have the brains to J carry it
on, with the result that after a few
months he had to retire and call upon
his father to pay the bills he had con
tracted. "He is a mental weakling,"
said the - witness, "and, furthermore,
he is the victim of the wiles of this
woman. She deceived him, with the
result that without obtaining my con
sent he ran away with her to Reno and
made her his wife. That was in
August of last year. He only lived
with her three weeks."
A Dr. Price was then called and
questioned as to the mental condition
of young Elumenthal. He said that in
his opinion the young man had a plen
tiful supply of gray matter, and that
he was not by any .means mentally
weak. He said the young fellow had a
cardiac lesion of the heart, and that
was all. The lesion, he-said, did hot
affect his brain.
It is seldom that a man rated as a
millionaire will brand his son as a
mental weakling in order to save pay
ing 525 a month for the support of that
son's wife. It occasionally happens,
however, that such a father is dis
covered. One such did appear yester
day in Judge Kerrigan's court in the
person of B. Blumenthal, the million
aire glove manufacturer, who was a
witness" in the suit for maintenance
brought by^Nellie Blumenthal against
Emil Blumenthal, his son. He gave
his testimony In^ order to prevent his
daughter-in-law from proving that
young Blumenthal was in the enjoy
ment of an income of 5100 a month and
thus maintaining her claim that he
could easily afford to pay her 525 a
month for her support. The case was
continued until Friday to enable the
litigants to produce further testi
mony.
I Word was received in this city yes
terday that E. H. Harriman, president
of the syndicate controlling the bis
system of railroads, will be in this
city within the next twenty days. In
a palatial train Harriman is coming
west, accompanied by a party of New
York financiers, most prominent among
whom will be James Stillman, presi
dent of the National City Bank of
New York, the concern through which
John D. Rockefeller and the Standard
Oil Company transact their financial
business; Percival Kuhn of Kuhn,
Loeb & Co., which has been financier
ing the railroad magnate, and a num
ber of others closely identified with
Harriman in his Wall street opera
tions. According to the information
gleaned at the railroad offices yester
day, President Harriman has arranged
for a thorough inspection of all the
Harriman syndicate holdings in the
West, and in view of his coming prep
arations will soon be made for getting
everything in shape for his careful
scrutiny.
Although the local officials are not
inclined to discuss the real purposes of
Harriman's visit, it is generally sus
pected that he is preparing to float
another big mortgage, which will wipe
out of existence many of the mort
gages covering the smaller roads,
which have proved most burdensome
to him in his big financial maneuvers
because of the heavy rate of interest
they are demanding. By the time the
president of the Southern Pacific Com
pany reaches here the new
general managers of the -different
roads will have acquainted themselves
with the local conditions of their new
territories and will accompany their
chief and his millionaire friends over
the systems for the purpose of explain
ing matters that they may become in
terested in during their trip.
The Placerville and Lake Tahoe
Railway Company was incorporated for
; ?2,000,000 yesterday. The directors are
John Lloyd, J. Dalzell Brown, James
H. Swift. D. H. McEwen, S. J. Ras
sette, James Sallee and W. J. Bartnett.
Each of the directors, - with the ex
ception of Rassette; has subscribed for
51000 worth of stock. Rassette is the
owner of 564,000 worth, making a total
of 570,000 subscribed. According to the
articles of incorporation the company
is organized to build a road about
sixty-five miles in length from the
town of Placerville, El Dorado County,
in a northerly and northeasterly di
rection to Pino Grande, in the same
county, thence in a general easterly
and northeasterly direction to a point
on Lake. Tahoe, at or near Tallac.
According to* the latest figures in
the hands of the local officials of the
Santa Fe road, the westbound traffic
over the lines of that company for
March shows an enormous increase
over the same period of last year. Dur
ing the thirty days of last month the
Santa Fe brought to California 6009
passengers, as against 3283 for March.
1003. These figures include first and
second class passengers, and are re
garded as a splendid argument against
the predictions made late last year
that westbound traffic this year, in
view of .the St. Louis exposition and
other attractions in the East and Mid
dle West, would be much less than the
previous year.
Manager James Agler, Master of
Transportation G. T. Richardson and
Superintendent of Motive Power H. J.
Small of ihe Southern Pacific Company
have departed for El Paso, where they
expect to meet Charles Markham, the
new general manager of the western
system of the company, and accom
pany him on an inspection tour over
his 'new territory.
Testimony Is Brought Out
in a Maintenance Suit Be
gun by Nellie Blumenthal
Company Incorporated to
Build a Railroad From
Placerville to Lake Tahoe
Miss Hartman, whose admirable ac
complishments as accompanist are
more fully revealed with each concert,
gave also yesterday afternoon a clever
rendering of the Wagner-Brassin
"Feuerzauber" and the "Caprice Es
pagnole" of Moskowski.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
"Frauenliebe und Leben." the singer
was heard yesterday at the
Schumann-Heink best. Just what
that best is can be divined only
by those that heard her in
this exquisite little story of girl
hood and womanhood. The charm of
the poem, the loveliness of the set
ting, were enhanced an hundredfold
by the beauty of the interpretation. It
went right from the singer's to the au
dience's heart, and gathered much
tribute of tears and laughter by the
way. On* forgot— as one always for
gets with Schumann-Heink, except,
perhaps, in the vocal steeplechasing of
an Arditi "Bolero"— that there is such
a thins as technique. One gets the
story, told in all its simple tenderness,
ecstacy, sorrow, with an art so perfect
that it perfectly conceals itself. And
one remembers only afterward the su
preme art that has gone to the tell
ing. As additional grace the singer
gave the Wolf "Heimweh" as encore,
by general request.
Fittingly, this greatest of Wagnerian
contralti ended her programme with
one of the few contralto arias— in fact,
I do not recall another— from the Bay
reuth master, the recitative and aria
from "Rienzi." It is heroic, and was
heroically rendered, but is not Wag-*
ner at hi3 best. Still, it is herein that
Schumann-Heink's noblest measure is
taken, in Wagnerian opera that she is
at her greatest— if not at her most
lovable, as in her Schumann and Schu
bert—and it is herein that she will be
most ardently remembered in history.
The new songs of the programme
were the "Befreit" of Richard Strauss,
charming in the Schumann way, and a
Spengel song, "Augen meine Fenster
lein," that is immediately likable.
There was also Brahms' "Sapphische
Ode." that was repeated in response to
a demand warm as the day's ther
mometer, a Schubert group, the Schu
mann "Fruehlingsnacht" and "WIe ein
Gruessen."
The first group of songs will be by
Schubert, and is as follows: (a) "The
Youns Nun." (b) "Rastlose LJebe." (c)
"Death and the Maiden," (d) "Sere
nade"; by Robert Schumann: (a)
"Waldegresprach." (b) "Fruhling
enacht." (c) "Ich Grolle NIcht," *r*
"Die Widmung." The great Br
will be represented by (a) "Laeb .
(b) two songs with. viola obiirj.
"Gestillte-Sehnsucht," (2) "GeL>;
Wiegenlied," (c) "WIe bist du m.i...
Konigen," (d) "Melne Liebe ist Grun."
This will be followed by the Fifth
Psalm by Rebling and Raff's "Sei
Still," both with organ accompaniment
played by Arthur Fickensher, and the
final numbers will be two of the great
est Wagnerian numbers of the great
artist, "The Erda Scene," from the
Rbeingold, and "Waltrauten Scene,"
from Gotterdammerung.
In the Schumann song cycle.
There were a. thousand people turned
away from the Alhnmbra Theater yes
terday afternoon at the last of the
Schumann-Heinle recitals there. The
thousand, however, need not despair.
The singer, who has made the greatest
furor in local musical annals since
Nordica, will be heard once again, on
next Sunday afternoon at the Tivoli.
Wagner and Brahms will be among
those represented on the programme,
that will be entirely new.
Noted Contralto Will Give
Last Concert at Tivoli
Next Sunday Afternoon
PHYSICIAN DISAGREES
NOTIFIES LOCAL OFFICE
Millionaire Glove Manufact
urer Denounces His* Off
spring in Open Court
Railway President and a
Party of Financiers Are
to Inspect Western Roads
VOICE CHAEMS AUDIENCE
Madame Sehnmann-IIeink Is
Applauded by Thousands
at the Aihambra Theater
MERCED. April 9. — Four delegates to
the Republican State Convention were
appointed to-day at a well-attended
SAN LUIS , OBISPO, April 0.— The
Republican County Central Committee
met in this city to-day and elected
delegates to the State convention,
which In turn Is to elect delegates to
the National Republican Convention/
President Roosevelt was indorsed for
President, S. CrSmith for Congressman
zxJi Thomas Flint for State Senator.
Resolutions indorsing President Roose
velt were adopted. Resolutions, were
also adopted instructing for the renom
ination of J. C. Needham for Congress
man from the Sixth District
SAX DIEGO, April 9.— At a meeting
of the Republican county central com
mittee this afternoon it was decaded
not to call primary* elections to elect
delegates to the State convention from
the Eightieth Assembly District, which
is all of the outside of the city of San
Diego, but to appoint The delegates
from the outside district will be E. S.
Babcock of Colorado, Judson Bent of
Chula Vista, Joseph Foster of Foster,
En C. Hinkle of Tcraita, James Hutch
ins of Imperial, M. LC Ward of Chula
Vista, A. D. Dunn of Escondido and
Percy Johnson of Fallbrook.
MODESTO. April 9.— The Republican
Congressional Committee of the Sixth
District met here this afternoon. L. L.
Dennett of Modesto was chosen chair
man. Among other business the de
tails for the State Congressional Con
vention at Sacramento were arranged,
hut no separate call was issued, it be
ing the will of the committee that the
Congressional convention be held un
<1lt the call by the State Central Com
inittt»e.
Republicans In .Several Parts of tlie
Stale Holtl Meetings.
«
DELEGATES ARE SELECTED.
MADEIIA. April ».— Th-\ Demo
crxts cl ilaj&sn County to-day re
pudiai'ed W. ZL. Hearst acd elect
ed aeti-Hearst deiesrttes to go to
the State convention. The adherents of
Heara*. to. ihe meeting Of the County
Central Committee to-day worked hard
ta set an instructed delegation for
their choice, jai -re ere beded at every
turn by the anti-Hearst Action, which
was led by Attorney Leonard B.
Fouler and W. iL Hughes.
The tes L of the committee came when
John M. GriSn, a Hearst man. moved
ihat the delegates he elected, one from
each of the supervisorial districts. The
vote showed 17 noes to 12 ayes, indi
cating that the committee w:is strong
ly anti-Heerrt. GriiSn moved that the
delegates be instructed to vote for
Hearst, but the motion was over
whelmingly voted down.
The Hearst adherents attempted to
pass a resolution Instructing the dele
sates to vote for a reoSirmaticn of the
Kansas City platform, but the motion
was lost by a large vote, Delegate G.
W. Mordecai making an impassioned
speech, in which he declared that he
would resign before he would be in
structed to that end, as he was not in
sympathy with that platform.
Eugene Bribes made a speech
strongly denouncing W. R. Hearst for
his acts to the Democracy, and asked
that the delegates be instructed to re
cord Madera County's vote against him.
The following delegates will go to the I
convention: j. p. McFarland, G. W.
Mordecai, G. G. Goucher, William
Bushes and L. B. Fcwkr.
DELEGATES ANTI-HEARST.
JIARTIXEZ. April 9. — The anti-
Hearst men won out here to-day at a
meeting of the Democratic County ,
Centra] Committee called for the pur
pose of electing delegates to the State
convention to be held at Santa Cruz
May 16. An effort was made to have !
the delegation instructed for Hearst, j
but the delegates are to go unpledged, I
and it is understood that they are all
ar.tl-Eearst men.
The delegates were elected from the
different supervisorial districts and are
;us follows: District No. 1, Judge Tra
• •> of Port Costa and Sam Curry of 1
Richmond ; District No. 2. Ed Burye of !
Alamo; District No. 3, Frank Gavin off
Concord: District No. 4, James Barr of j
Black Diamond: District No. 5, Robert J
Wallace Jr. of Brontwood. The dele- j
pates at large are T. E. Murphy, editor I
of the county paper and the leader of
the anti-Hearst movement, and James
Hocy of Martinez; John Riley of Con
cord and James McXenna of Aihambra
Valley.
ROOM BURSTS IN" UTAH.
SALT LAKE. April 9.— The H<rairt
boon in Utah is as flat as if a steam
loiter had passed over it. The agents
«jf Hcartrt had laid plans to bring: up
a resolution indorsing Hearst at the
Democratic -State committee meeting
t'-day. The propaganda had been
baxjr foi weeks writing personal letters
to various prominent Democrats is the
extolling the virtues of this can- j
didate.
The rrn j n opposed to Hearst went to |
th>' (ommittce meeting to-day prepared I
to make a fight, and, if a resolution I
favoring Hearst were presented, to
vote it down and offer another con
demning him. They were not given an
opening. The Hearst men did not show
their heads.
Alton li. Parker of New York ap
pears to have the strongest following
among the Democrats of the State.
Presidential Aspirant'sBooin
in Utah Is Quickly Bis
posed Of at Salt Lake
LOSES FIGHT
Delegates to the State
CcoiTcnlion Are to Cast
Their Votes Against Him
SAYS HIS SON
IS A WEAKLING
HARRIU AN WILL
BE HERE SOON
THRONG GREETS
FAMOUS SINGER
MEN OF MADERA
SCORE HEARST
LICK ATHLETES VICTORIOUS
IN HIGH SCHOOL FIELD DAY
Defeat Representatives of Oakland, Ukiah, Lowell; Berkeley and
Other Institutions of Learning in Spectacular 'Competition on
Field and Cinder Path on the University of California Oval
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1904.
< ¦ ; _,.
¦' > ?r w^&>^ ' '.".-. - ¦_,.
Pages 35 to 48
*— : ; — . : — . ,PROFESSIONAL. ATHLETES
COMING FKO3I AUSTRALIA
Los Angreles — Seattle —
AB. R. H. P.A. AB. R. H. P.A.
Bern'd.cf 3 O 1 O .0 VanHa.cf B 0 8 0 2
Ray.2b.ss 3 0 2 0 0 Mohlr.l'b 3 0 0 13
JSmth.3b 4 112 2 Deleh,3b 3 0 0 12
Cravth.rf 4 0 110 Frlsk.lf . 4 0 0 3 0
Ross.lf.. 4 2 2 2 OjBrashr.lb 4 0 Oil 01
Chase, Ib. 4 0 0 11 ljCSmth.rf 4 2 3 10
Toman. ss 2 0 2 0 2|Hall,ss.. 2 0 12 2
Flood,2b. 2 1113 Blanke.c 3OO51
Kples.c. 4 (> O 8 1 Hughe.-. p i 0 0 0 3
Newton, p 40022
Totals 32 2 7 24 13
. Totals 34 4 10 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Los Annel^s 1 0 0 '1 0 0 0 2 x — 4
Base hits 3 1022002 x— 10
Seattle 0 O O 1 O O 1 0 0 — 2
Base hits 11011020 1—7
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases — J. Smith. Rons. Toman, Flood.
Errors — Brashear (2). Newton (2), Blanken
ship Chase, Deleh&nty, Toman. Two-base i
hits— C. Smith (2), Hall. Sacrifice hits—
Mchler, Hall, Blankenshlp. First base on er
rors — Los Angeles, 3; Seattle, 3. Left on bases
— Los Anzeles, 6; Seattle, 7. Bases on balls —
Off Newton. -; on* Hughes, 1. Struck out — By
Newton. S; by Hushes, 4. Wild pitch — New
ton. Tim*' of same — One hour and 50 minutes.
Umplre^ — Huston.
LOS ANGELES, April 9. — The
champions defeated Seattle again to
day in an interesting- game. Score 4
to 2. The contest was not remark
able for. clean fielding nor for partic
ularly brilliant play by either team,
but there was plenty of batting, errors
and kicking against decisions. It was,
in fact, a bitterly fought contest from
start to finish. Newton and Hughes
were the opposing pitchers and the
former kept the hits well scattered,
while the champions bunched many
off Hughes' delivery.
Van Haltren and Smith were the
only members of the visiting team
able to hit Newton with success. To
man injured his shoulder in sliding for
second base and gave way to Ray
mond. The fielding of First Baseman
Chase was a feature. Umpire* Hus
ton's decisions gave dissatisfaction to
the crowd. Attendance 2500. Score:
Seattle Drops Another Hard Fought
Contest to the Angels.
CHAMPIONS LAXD OX HUGHES.
Stolen bases— Anderson. Lynch. Error*—
Nordkye. Lynch, Hosran. Two-b*a» hlt»—
Hannivan. Waldron. Sacrifice hits — Waldron.
Irwln, Massey. Sheehan. llogan. First base
on errors — San Francisco 3. First base on
called balls — Off Jones 4.. off Thomas 3.
Struck out — by Jones 1. by Thomas 2.
Double play — Anderson to Schme«r to Massey.
Hit by pitcher — Hannivan. Hlldebrand, An
derson (2). Parsed ball — Hansen. Left on
bases — San Francisco 10. Tacoma 0. Tim* of
srarne — 1 hour 40 minutes. Umpire— O"Conne!i.
SUMMART,
San Francisco..... 2 1 0 O 0 O 0 5 2 — 10
Base hits 2 12 0 0 0 0 5 S — 13
Tacoma 0 2 0 3 0 0 0 O 0 — B
Base hits 0 3 0 5 10 11 0—11
Totals 33 10 13 27 20' Totals.34 5 11 27 IS
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
was a poor exhibition. Tacoma play
ed in listless style. Thomas could hand
out nothing the Bay City batters could
not fathom. It looked- like Tacoma's
game, though up to the eighth, when
the San Francisco men began to land
hard, a bunch of five hits coupled with
a walk or two and an error letting in
five men. The acore:
San Francisco — ! Tacoma — "
AB. R. H. P. A I AB. R. H. P.A
¦Wain, cf.4 2 13 0 Ca«ey. 2b.4 0 2 3 3
Hlldbd. lf.5 2 110 Bhehn. 3b.2 0 0 2 4
Meany. rfB 1 3 0 0 Nrdyk. s.5 0 O 3 3
Irwln 3b.3 0 10 4 Lynch, cf.5 12 3 1
Masy. lb.4 O 1 IS OHcLgn. It.* 2 2 4 0
Andsn 2b3 0 0 3 4|Hanvn. rf3 0 2 0 0
Schmr, a. 4 1 1 .1 4Ho(faa. Ib3 1 1 1O 1
Hansn. c.5 2 3 2 0 Grahm. c.4 1 1 2 1
Jones p. .5 2 2 0 8 -Thomas p.4 0 1 0 3
"Who won the game yesterday?"
"Oakland." "Who should have won?"
"Portland." That's the way they were
handing; it out in the . secluded spots
where the tall ones with froth on the
top could be had; for a V. Every one
was disgusted, with the exception of
Pete Lohman and his Oaklanders. They
were glad. Score 5 to 4 in favor of
Oakland.
• Portland showed up in magnificent
form while practicing between innings.
Then they quit. They did even worse
,when men were on bases. All this
time Thielman was pitching ball that
would have won him fame and for
tune in the National or some other
big league. He pitched ball till the bit
ter end, but it availed him naught, for
fate and his fielders were pitted against
him.
Schmidt was hit good and hard at
times. He should have" been beaten
when his work is compared with Thlel
raan's, but his backers were in the
game at all times and they never over
looked a chance to score a run. Every
time Thielman came up to take a wal
lop at the ball, he was greeted like a
conquering hero.
Steelman, the Portland catcher, was
good or bad enough to let two runs
glide In. In the third inning, after
Schmidt had doubled to center and
Beck had allowed Ganley's grounder to
travel unmolested between his pins,
Drennan whipped the "ball perfectly to
the plate. Steelman got it, but waited
for Schmidt to knock it out of his mitt3
and that gave Oakland a chance to
start things.
Portland got all its runs on clever
drives. The score was 2 to 1 in their*
favor when Oakland came up in the
fourth. Then the stars of the/ north
col|apsed. After a hit or so was made,
Oakland commenced to send runners
over the plate so fast that the pace
became dizzy. • It ended after four
made the rounds. That broke it up
and put Portland out of the running.
They managed to annex two more
before the game was over and but for
a lucky catch by Devereaux in the
ninth. the_^score might possibly have
been a tie. Freeman Was on first and
Beck drove a liner so fast that no
one saw it but Devereaux. He ate it
up with one mitt. A moment later Mr.
Francis tore off a double cushion swipe
that brought Freeman home. The next
man was easy and so it ended. The
score:
Oakland— Portland —
AB.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Ganly, rf.4 110 0 Drnan, cf.4 0 1 0 2
Frncks. s.4 0 0 1 K Ntleau, If. 4 0 12 0
Krugr, lf.4 0 1 3 0 Tastro. s..4 1 11 2
Dnlvy. cf.3 112 O Beck. 2b.. 4 Oil O
Clncy. lb.4 1 1 17 O Frmn, lb.3 117 1
Strelb. 2b.3 10 2 4 Frncs, 3b. 4 1 1 1 O
Devrx, 3b.2 0 0 1 3 ll'Crdl, rf.4 0 14 1
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
W. L. Pet. I W. L. pet.
Los Angeles.lt 4 .733 Seattle 6 8 .429
Oakland 11 4.7331 San Fran .. 5 10 .33:1
Tacoma 9 6 .643! Portland ....'213 .133
+ : __ : —: : j.
Lohmn, c.3 111 (JiStlmnn, C.4 0022
Shmdt. p.3 12 0 4 Thlmn, p.3 110 3
Totals.30 6 7 27 16| Totals.34 4 8 24 11
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Portland 0 0 1 1 0 0 1 01—4
Base hits 002200112—8
Oakland 0 0 14 0 0 0 0 x—5
Base hits 1 0 14 0 0 0 1 x— 7
SUMMARY.
Stolen base —Ganley. Krrors —Steelman . (2),
Clancy. Beck (2), CaStro. Devereaujc. Three
bass hit—Castro. Two-base hits —Thielman,
Schmidt. McCreedle, Francis. Sacrifice hits —
Freeman. Streib. Dunleavy. First base on er
rors—Oakland 3, Portland 2. Left on bases —
Oakland 4. Portland 3. Struck out—By
Schmidt. 1; by Thielman. 1. Hit by pitcher —
Devcreaux. Double plays —Clancy (unassisted);
Francks to Strelb to Clancy. • Time of game —
One hour and thirty-five minutes. Umpire —
Levy.
Thielman Has_ Every
thing, but Gets
No Support.
Portland Allows the
.Commuters Runs
on Errors.
LOHMAN'S OAKLAND TOSSERS
GAIN THEIR USUAL VICTORY
In , Jhe province of Samara, Russia,
405,000 persons ¦ get their subsistence
from less than three acres of land per
capita. . ,-¦./,¦/' ;¦•:¦".'"' -,'-:•.-•
by Roach. Last Wednesday, • With
Roach up, Gateway receded in the
betting on the handicap -from 8 to 5
to 16 to 5 and finished fourth," beaten
about five lengths. Yesterday with
but two -pounds less weight and
piloted by Crosswaite,. far from being
a vigorous rider, ? Tommy Lottridge's
"phenom" ran Honiton to a neck.
That is not' form. ..." !
Barney Schreiber received a tele
gram from St. Louis yesterday stating
that "the Fair Grounds will take the
Klnloch Park - dates and , will . ¦ open
next Friday. -Barney has engaged
George Mountain to ride for him at
St. Louis- ..-':,
SAN JOSE, April 9. — Professor El
wood Meade and a dozen j students
from the University of California are
to-day studying the irrigation sys
tems of this county. The party ar
rived on an early, train and was met
at the depot by Professor C. Wi Chllds.
Professor Meade and half of the stu
dents went to the Sorosis fruit farm,
near Saratoga on the Interurban rail
way. The ditches In . that-; vicinity
were studied- and the water measured.
This afternoon they spent at Los Ga
tos. The rest of the party went out
on the Almaden road to the Pioneer
ditch. It is said that a report of the
irrigation here will 'be made to the
State University and also to the Ag
ricultural Department at Washington.
University of California Students In
spect Methods of Cultivation
In Santa Clara County.
COLLEGE MEX VISIT
IRRIGATIOX SYSTEMS
BOSTON, April 9.— In the home of
Mrs. Lannon, at Rocks Ferry, to-day,
two of the greatest pugilistic cham
pions of their day met in a- (friendly
way. The heroes of the , roped arena
and bitter antagonists. of other days
who received each other in a most
cordial manner were John L. Sullivan,
the former champion of all glove cham
pions, and "Charley" -Mitchell, the best
boxer that ever represented Great Brit
ain in the prize ring.
Mitchell was visiting '; the pugilist,
Mrs. Lannon's home beinjj the present
residence of her brother, the once
mighty John L.. The occasion of Mitch
ell's visit was one of kindly interest in
a man whom he fought in America
and also in Chantilly, France, for pre
mier . pugilistic honors. The former
champion of the Old World, had been
informed that the health oif Sullivan
was in a precarious. condition and tha^
he, needed financial assistance. Wish-
Ing to show his old opponent that he
bore him ;no ill-will and to declare his
intention to go" any length; to -alleviate
any, posible suffering on Sulivan's part j
Mitchell placed himself ' a* the .service
of John L. ; j ; - ! ,
• Sullivan, whose physical C. condition
has'undergohe a decided change for.the
better within: the lastl two 'days, .ex-v
pressed his thanks to the Britisher and
welcomed him warmly.; Mitchell said
he was ' pleasantly surprised J to see the
old-time idol ''of pugilistic 'followers
looking sowell.l For the first' time in
several -weeks, Sullivan' was; able to* be
about the house" yesterday and received
Mitchell - in the" parlor "of ' his -'sister's
home, where the two great 'pugilists
discussed fighters 'and ring .battles- of
other days.
Former Gladiators of the Ring Meet
and Discuss Fighters and Battles
of Other Days.
CHAULEY MITCHELL A1SITS
THE ONCE MIGHTY JOHXL.
The promoters of amateur prize
fighting will not~increase their purses
as demanded by the members of the
boxers' union. The members of the
California Athletic Association met
last night and unanimously voted to
stand by the old agreement and to
fight the boxers to the end.
"Rough House" McDonald, leader
of the movement on the part of the
amateur boxers, has been suspended
by the officers of the association. The
manager of the Lincoln Club stated
the organization would hold its show
on Friday night and that all its box
ers have signed to fight for the purses
offered by the association. The box
ers who failed to appear for the last
show scheduled by the Bay City Club
will be called before the association
on Tuesday night and asked to show
cause why they refused to fight after
having signed articles.
California Athletic Association Sus
pends "Hough House" McDonald,
Leader of Boxers' Union.
FIGHT PROMOTERS WILL
NOT ' INCREASE PURSES
When Walt VivellV horse ran such; a
poor race on March 30 he was ridden
closing a 11 to 5 choice finished sec
ond. Bonner rode the Mounce entry
and if he dealt out the best he had,
then he is a poor rider. Joe Johns had
the leg up on Wiggins, played by the
sophomores. Bonner, on the favorite,
sat meekly trailing Titus until Wig
gins took the lead, turning into the
stretch, then he crowded on all sail.
Wiggins won. My Surprise second, Ti
tus third. Modder also started.
McXEAR OUT OF FORM.
Harry Stover's colt, George P. Mc-
Xear, apparently hadn't recovered
from the frightful disfiguring gash he
received on one leg three or four days
ago in a race, and The Mist ruled fa
vorite for the two-year-old dash. She
won, too. See rested McNear the first
part of the race, then beat Sea Air a
neck for the place.
Chickadee, the only one to be played
down In the betting on the mile and
a furlong selling affair, also cleaned
up. Her odds fell from $ to 3^ and
Knapp was indulged with full sway,
from start to finish. Searcher, be
cause of the inanition displayed by
some of the so-called pilots, was en
abled to come from the backwoods
and take the place. Blessed Damozel
and Fretter ran pleasing races.
Possessing speed to burn. Mansard,
the 4 to 5 favorite, made a gallop of
the six and a half furlong run*, See
took him out in front and at the fin
ish the big sprinter led Ocyrohe over
the line four lengths in 1:20. Ink, at
30 to 1, beat Ishtar for the show.
Charley McCafferty's Golden Light
was distributed about as one of the
best things that ever came down the
pike, to win the last, a mile selling
run. Possibly it was too warm, for
Bonner and Golden Light finished
fourth. John Lewis, on Illilouon,
headed Meehanus on the far turn and
won easily from Forest King. Oro
Viva was third.
NOTES OF THE TRACK.
Twenty-one books cut in. Barney
Schreiber retired and the vacancy In
the layers' ranks was filled by George
Rose. The latter quit more than 525,
000 winner at Los Angeles. -
George Miller, who trained Silver
Dick for Walter S. Hobart. got Into
trouble . over the pony race. George
had some hot words with Jake Holt
man over one of the starter's assist
ants taking hold of Silver Dick at the
start. Later George's conduct In' the
stand was considered unbecoming by
the officials and he was suspended for
the balance of the season and denied
all privileges. *
Reed's effort on Blessed Damozel
was an awful crude piece of riding.
For a horse that must have worked
so well, for he was highly touted,
Golden Light ran a poor race.
After reviewing the last two races
of Gateway the Judges should order
Veterano taken off' the suspended list.
The handicap, or any of the other
features of the card at Oakland track
yesterday were not a marker to the
amusement furnished by the "special"
for polo ponies at a quarter of a mile.
The starters were Silver Dick. Becky
and aiiss Miller, each carrying 115
pounds an«l with a professional rider
in the saddle. \
Without exaggeration Miss Miller is
th»- tartest piece of equine hardware
passed over the counter in many a day.
Duke of Milpitas and all of those old
time bud actors pale into insignificance
when compared with her. Thirty-five
minutes were consumed at the post,
during which time Jake Holtman,
three assistants, the recall flag, the
ttand messenger and the Judges' bell
were called into requisition before a
start was accomplished. Miss Miller
once dumped Sherwood from her back,
and did everything else but bolt the
outer fence.
During the festivities attendant on
getting her away. Spencer, \vh3 rode
Silver Dick, was lined $100 for break
ing up a start, and Powell, the rider of
liecky. got $100 for a similar offense.
Finall> Silver Dick, which ruled a 3
to 5 favorite, slipped away ah^ad of
the others to a fair start and toh a.s
he pleased, in 2S>i seconds. Becky lost
the place to Miss Miller by less than a
length.
With the weather so warm that the
temperature of the betting ring was
like that of a bake shop oven, the big
Saturday gathering took everything
good-naturedly. Favorites ran well to
form, capturing four events.
HONITOX BEATS GATEWAY.
P. Ryan's crack mare, Honiton, was
pjven an opportunity in the mile and a
sixteenth handicap to show what she
could accomplish in going a distance.
She had 110 pounds alloted to her by
the handicapper and was so well
thoupht of that her price in the books
was 1 to 2. Bonner again acted as
f-kipper and went out in front at the
ptart. The daughter of Ormonde cov
ered the first mile in 1:40, and in a hard
drive appeared all in, to down Gate
way a neck in 1:464- Our Bessie was
strongly fancied by the stable connec
tions, but lost third place to G. W. Tra
hern. Divino was left at the post.
My Surprise was the refrigerated one
for the introductory sprint, and after
OAKUkZTS RACETKACK — SATURDAY. April 9. — Weather.flne. Track faat.
GGO2. FIRST RACE>— 31x furlonga; selling; 3-year-olda and up; value to first, $325. -
IndeTj Horse aad Owner. IWt St. U^ *4- '^4- Str. Fin. Jockey. . Op. Cl.
«2«2 I Wiggins 3 (McAllister ft Co.) 02 6 ... 3^!h In 11HJ. Jones 3 16-5
<«S6C)!My Surprise, 4 (J Mounce).. 10« 2 ... 4 1 3 2 3H21^ Bonner ...; 11-5 11-5
«4!H ITltus. 4 (D. Meek) 103 4 ... 1 n 1 % 2 t* 3 % Roaeh 20 30
C354 iLady Athellng. 3 (McLaughlln) 93| 7 ... ' 2 K * 2H4 2 4 2% Knapp .... 6 7
C5O<5 jSklp Me, 0 (Madison & E.).. Ill) 1 ... 8 \ 7 1>A« 1%5 Va See . ... 20 30
•1436 iriorestan. 4 tF. N. Hayes).. 110 R ... 52 fin 7%62 Mountain .. 8 10
CSO iModder. « (Uuckholtz & P.).. 106 a ... 9 0 5 n 7 2% J. T. Shehn 4 11-2
0580 Salto. 3 <D. S. Fountain) 878 ... 7V618 2S3 J. Lewis... 6 10
U554 Florlana 1!. lie. 3 (Miller Co.) Ki 3 ... 62 81 9 9 Crosswaite 10 23
Time — :23H. :i'\. 1:13%. At post % minuted Off at 2:15; Wigsins. place. 8-6; show,
4-J>. Surprise, place. 4-5; show. 2-b. Titus, show. 5. Winner, b. f. by Sam Lucas-Cal
latlne. Trained bs* J. W. Forman. Scratched — Clausus. Solinus, St. Wlnnlfride. Emll,
Cherries. Nullah. Anlrad. Start good. Won easily. Next two . driving. My Surprise
could have won with riders reversed. Borner waited until Wiggins took the lead before
he began riding in earnest. Titus had speed. Lady Atheling ran her race. Modder
didn't seem overburdened with rpeed. ¦ Salto has cone back.
«!<K>:t. SECOND RACE— Four furlongs: purse; 2-year-olds; value to first, $325.
Ind»xl Horse and Owner. |Wt!St. U. *i. •% . Str. Fin. Jockey. 1 Op. Cl.
j i * __^ *' •
C32» ,The Mist <W H. Hammond). |l0S| 1 1 2 l' n 1 1H Bonner «-5 9-10
(C57S) i George P McNear (II. Stover)|114 4 2n 32 2n See 5-2 1.1-5
<C545) Sea Air (T. McLaughlln) 115 3 3 % . 2 n 3 t> Knapp 4 13-2
fCin7) ( Pirelia (Mr*. Miller*... J105 « 4 3 4 2 4 2>i Mountain .. 12 13
B.V57 |San Jos>e (Summers & Co.)..|lCS 5 51 63 53 ' McGuire .. SO 100
«*>" IPalmdale (R. A. Smith) |10S| 2 6 0 6 Larsen .... 10 30
Time— :24>«. :4S. At post M minute. Off at 2:42. Mist, place. 2-5; show, ,1-6. McNear.
piace. 3-5; show. 1-4. Air. show. 3-5. Winner, ch. f. by Magnet-Tennebrae. Trained by
1>. Cameron. Start good. Won ridden out. Next two driving. The Mist possibly best.
McNear poorly ridden. Sea Air ran a smashing good race. Palmdale performed poorly.
O«;O-J. THIRD RACE: — One and an eighth miles; selling; 4-year-olds and up; to first, *325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. U. V». 94- Str. Fin. | Jockey. 'Op. Cl.
€509 k'hickadee 5 <S. Rafour) 105 1 lh 11 12 12 11 Knapp .... 6 7-2
IMOl IStarcher. 0 (O. P. Romlgh). ..! 102 6«h7 7 5V£2%T. Clark... 10 15
CS6» I Hilly Moore, a (T. T. Rector)) «7 2 5 3 ;i % 4 1 3 1 3 h J. Lewis... 4 4
««il 'Idoco. 5 (C. McCafferty) 1102 5 2 2 2 % i' 1 2 2 4 2*4 Bonner .... 6 Itt
(«Ti93)Sni. Damosel 5 (Chappelle).. 100 7 7 « \^*i 3 B 1 5 3 Reed ...... 4 8
«59l .Houtonnlere. 4 (F. Jones) 107| 4 4i£4h 3%4n 64 .Otis 6 8
O40 'The Fretter. a (F. O'Rourke) 109| 3 3 n 5 2*45 n 7 7 Roach 6 8
Time— :24> A^i, 1:I5»4. 1:«1W. 1:54*4. At post 3 minutes. Off at 3:07. Chickadee,
place. t>-5; show. 7-10. Searcher, place. 6; show. 3. Moore, ehow. 7-10. Winner, b. m.
by Sir Modred or Duncombe-Sabilla. Trained by S. Rafour. Scratched — Montana Peer
ess. Start good. Won handily. Next three driving hard. Chickadee got away sailing.
Searcher ehowc-d improvement. Billy Moore ran his race. Idogo quit. Reed on Blessed
Damozel rode an awful race. Boutonniere can do better. Roach on The Fretter should
have been brevetted for gallantry in action.
OOO5. FOURTH RACE— Tw o furlongs; special for ponies; value to first, $400.
Index | Horse and Owner. |Wt|St. >i . H. *4 . Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op. Cl.
Silver Dick (W. Hobart) 1151 1 2n 13 H. Spencer. ~3^5 3-5
.... jMiss Miller tP. Gladstone). . .115! 2 112 *4 Sherwood .. 4 10
iI3ecky <R. Spreckels) [1181 3 3 3 I. Powell... 8-5 9-5
Time— :23> 4 . At post 33 minute*. Off at 4:00. Dick, place, out. Miller place 2 Start
pood. Won easily. Second driving . Winner best. Miss Miller is a delightful' actress
at the pest and her performance was much appreciated by the starter and assistant
. etarter*. Becky not in her stride at the start.
OO(KI. FIFTH RACE— One and a alxteenth miles; hndep. ; 3-year-olds & up; to first. $500.
Indv'xi Horse awl Owner. Wt St. \{. Ti. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op! CU
(f.5S2) Honiton. 4 (P. Ryan) 110 4 14 14 12 11 In Bonner 2^5 1.2
05S1 .Gateway. 3 (T. W. Lottridge)! 93! 2 2 2 2 1U2 3 2 3 2 4 Crosswaite 10 13
(i.V)S O. W. Trahern. 3 (Summers)ilOll 3 4 4 4 3 n 3 n J. T. Shehn 15 30
O09 Our Bessie 4 (Newman) |10t| 132323n4 4- Knapp 15 8
t50s D:\lna. 5 «E1 Primero Stable)!110| Lett See .....".".". 6 8
Time— :24» 4 . :49V IU4K: 1:40. 1 :46Vi. At post IVi minutes. Off at 4:22*4 Honiton plac*
1-5; show. out. Gateway, place. 3; show. 1. Trahern. show 6-5. Winner 'br m
bv Ormonde-Llbbertmibbet. Trained by P. Ryan. Start bad. Won in a -hard drive of
two. Next tw 0 driving. Bonner on winner made a wide turn into the stretch and wan
kept very busy at the finish. Gateway ran a better race to-day. Our Bessie was well
played, but could not get up.
Ot>O7. SIXTH RACE — Six and a half furlongs; purse; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. jWtJSt. . x±. »; . Str. Fin. | Jockey. Op! CU
6382 JMansard. 4 (E. J. Smith) {lOflj 5 1 n 1 1^1 2^1 3 14 See iTji TTk
(•;r.41)iOeyrohe. 3 (Mrs. Coffe>*) \IO2\ 4 2 h 3 *4 2 3 2 4 2 6 J. Jones'.... 4 18-5
T<X3i link. 4 <Lamasney Bros.) J112I 3 7 2 7 1 C 2»45 143 1»4 Bonner .... 10 30
5537 jlshtar 5 (A. JoRcphs) 1107 7 5 H 4 3 4 11,3 2 4 4 Knapp "0 5(>
•5544 lAnanla?, 3 (J. F. Schorr) ]102 1 32 ! »i 3 2 4n 5h Reed .. "5 fi
0379 !Oronte. 4 (Piedmont Stable). .1112 8 6 15 2»45 n « 2 « h Otis ' 10 30
U^7i lEbony. 3 (Hamilton Stable*.. 1102 2 8 R 7n7476 JT. Shehn 10 30
«582 IGondolus. 4 <L. Jeuness) |109| ti 4 ', (i 'J s H 8 Haack | 100 100
Time— :23. :47i«. 1:13. 1:20. At poat »4 minute. Off at 4:39?;. Mansard, place 2-5- show
1-5. Ocyrohe. place. 7-10; show.* 1-3. Ink. show. 3. Winner, b g. by Florist-Eedal
ma. Trained by T. J. Hennessey. Scratched — Dr. Rowell, I Know. Start good Won
in a gallop. Second easily. Third driving. A galI6p for the winner Ocyrohe ran
his race. Ink did well. Ishtar showed to some advantage. Ananias quit under noor
handling. Ebony no speed. , .
<>0O«<. SEVENTH RACE — One mile; selling; 4-year-olds and "to 'first, $325^ "~
Index I Horse and Owner. IWtlSt. V, . TT- 94. Str. Fin. 1 Jockey. Op] cT
(T.71> Iilllouon. 6 (W. I). Randall). . .(103 i 4 2 h 2 I 1 1^1 3 13 |J LTwis^ 1 18*5
fi5M iForeFt King. 5 (S.J. Jones Co.)ll0*:< 3 4 3 4 1^2 1^2 2 2 5 IKnapp "" 3 0 2
6T^:t jOro Viva. 4 (D. B. Fountain). llofij 2 3n Jl^l'jijj^ Mountain".' 3 fl
6258 IGolden Light. 6 (McCafferty). ;ini>| 5 S % 5 4 S 4 4 2 4 3^ Bonner 4 3
B8U Last Knight. 5 (Laraasnfj). ..I 9SI8 6n (52 6 3 51 56" Watson '"* 10 V11
t£43 ISolon. a (T. H. Ryan) | B5| fl 8 7n7272«l Crosswaite"" 4 4
«27O iMeehanus. a (T. T. Rector). .11031 1 1 2^1 1^3 n (i n 7 1W|J T Shehn 8 15
C494 !CoI. Ballanpne. C (RonaldEon)[10Sl 7 7 1 s 8 8 S |McHannon 20 50
Time— :25. :49V4, I:14«i, 1 :40U. At post 1 minute. Off at 5:094. Illllouon place 7-5- show
3-5. King, place, 8-5; show. 4-5. Viva. show. 1. Winner ch g. by Tlge'r-Gynjette'
Trained by W. D. Randall. Scratched — Molto. Start good. Won easily. Second easily'
Third driving. Winner had the speed. Forest King showed improvement. Oro Viva
could not pet up. Golden Light could probably have done better. Crosswaite could do
nothing with Solon. Meehanus played Just one hand.
Stolen bases— GIIHb (2), Strub, Hamilton.
Errors — Chalmers (2). Sale*. Swain.. Glllis,
Hamilton (2). Three- base hit— Knight. Two
bane hits— Ball. Sales, Knight. Strub. Sac
rifice hits — Strub, Trowbridge. First base
on errors — Stanford 3, California 2. First
base on balls — Off Sales 1. off Heitmuller 3.
Left on bases — Stanford 7, California 4.
.Struck out— By Sales 5. by Heitmuller 3.
Double playe — Chalmers, to Williams; Sweezey
to Adams. Hit by pitcher — Trowbridge (2),
Ball. Knight. Passed ball — Bliss. . Time of
gan.e — 2 hours 10 minutes. Umpire — Green.
For the California nine Captain Ad
ams, at shortstop, and Centerfielder
Sweezey put up -the best article of
ball. "Heiny" Heitmuller did not
prove the equal of Sales in the box; in
fact, his work to-day was not up to
the standard he set last Saturday.
While he allowed one less hit than did
Sales, the hits were bunched and the
blue and gold pitcher for the most
part showed poor control. He struck
out only three men and walked three
and hit four with pitched balls.
Both teams showed improvement in
fielding to-day as compared with the
exhibition given last Saturday, al
though there were some ragged spots
in to-day's contest.
California has now one game and
Stanford one. The decisive game of
the series will 'be played two. weeks
from to-dav on neutral grounds, prob
ably in San Francisco. The score
follows:
California — I Stanford —
A13.R. H. P.A. AB.R. H. P.A.
Wills. 2b.. 4 0 2 a 2'jtnlKht. rfl 2 '.i 1 0
A'i&ms. s.4 0 1 2 « 1,'ilms. 2b.4 10 4 2
Strub 3b. 4 0 13 Oljtell C....4 0192
Heitmlr. p4 0 O 1 1 If5 0 13]
Grhm. lb.4 U Oil OjWIert. cf.4 O 1 3 1
plfea. C...4 1 1 4 2 Tales p..5 O 1 0 1
yi'ulzn, rf.3 111 0 lolbrt. lb.4 0060
Hamtn, If.'! 0 2 0 0 1 wain, ob.3 2 10 1
8wzey. cf.4 0 1 3 1 ffrbrldge,s2 10 11
•Gunn ...10000
Totals.35 2 9 27 12
Totals 35 2 0 27 12
•Batted for Hamilton in the ninth.
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Stanford 1 2 0 00 0 0 0 3—6
California 0 000 0 02 0.0—2
SUMMARY.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 9.
The cardinal nine won the second
game of the intercollegiate series in
an exciting contest this afternoon, du T
plicatlng Berkeley's score of 6 to 2,
made last Saturday. Pitcher Sales
and Rightflelder Knight starred ¦ for
the Stanford team. To the former's
pitching and the latter's hitting the
cardinal victory is directly attribut
able. Although the blue and gold bat
ters secured nine hits, one more than
their opponents, Sales kept the safe
ties so well scattered and had such
perfect control when in tight places
that Berkeley could score only twice
during the entire nine innings.
Sales walked but one man and
struck out. five. Knight secured three
safe hits out of four times up, and of
these one was a three-bagger and an
other a two-bagger. He was the first
man to whom Heitmuller, the Califor
nia pitcher, threw a ball In to-day's
game and his three-bagger started the
procession that ended in the car
dinals getting their first run.
In the second inning, with one man
down, Heitmuller walked Swain and
hit Trowbridge with a pitched ball
when Knight .came to bat and scored
both men with a line drive to center
field. He got caught, however, try
ing to make third by poor base run
ning in not sliding for the bag. In
the ninth inning Knight scored an
other run by sending Swain home
with a timely hit. The final two runs
were also made in the ninth inning
and were the direct result of Hamil
ton's inexcusable muff of Captain
Ball's fly over second.'
Captain Ball of the Stanford nine
distinguished himself by taking in
some difficult fouls and playing his
usual steady, consistent game.
Stanford Batsmen Land oil
His Curves— The Deciding
Game Will Be Played Here
HEITMULLER IS EASY
Berkeley's Nine Goes Down
to Defeat in the Sec
ond Intercollegiate Contest
Handicap to Honiton,
Driving, From
Gateway.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
CARDINAL FLAG
WAVES ON HIGH
MISS MILLER, THE POLO PONY,
A NAUGHTY ACTRESS AT POST
STANFORD DEFEATS CALIFORNIA ON BASEBALL DIAMOND
THE SAN FRANCISCO. CALL; SUNDAY, APRIL' 10; 1904;
Rally in Eighth and Land on Thomas
for Fire Runs. •
FRESNO, April 9. — To-day's game
UNCLE'S MEN HIT BALL HARD.
A bushel of wheat, by actual count,
has been found to contain 869.720
grains.
In view of their probable appear
ance at the games the committee has
decided to offer special inducements
by placing new events on the pro
gramme, including wrestling, which is
a great attraction in the Antipodes.
It is said that among the Australians
there are four famous wrestlers and
champion sprinters.
Will Arrive Here In Time to Compete
nt the Annual Games of Cale
donlnn Club.
The srames committee of the Cale
donian Club received definite infor
mation by the last mail from Austra
lia that a dozen professional athletes
from Australia and New Zealand
would arrive here In time to partici
pate in the annual games of the club
to be held at Shell Mound Park on
Monday, May 30. They are to pass
through here on their way to the St.
Louis Exposition to compete in the
Olympian games. They were touring
New Zealand last month. Their names
are W. Huckstep, S. Barns, D. Smith.
W. S. Corby, J. J. Stanaway, W.
Hughes, C. E. Craig, C. J. Morris. C.
Johnston, C. Todd, XV. Pike and W.
Gladding.
36
rAvvbU OUT l^W^pm
A painless sickness— you couldn't describe your ufa/ I I
feelings if you tried. 1 You know you are sick, but //?l^^J^ ir/j^r \\
perhaps there is no special ache or pain to indicate *f{\ -^^^^F f/r^^-^T
the seat of the disease. The- pale, colorless skin, A/ jT"^^^^/> Itf
muscular weakness, nervousness, fitful appetite and \ t^0^^Kf/^fi
all-gone, tired feeling means anaemia or blood poverty, a \i\S^& J\]l\h<?^^3\
weak,- watery and inmitritious condition of the vital fluid. ~5 i^^3f
The system is clamoring for richer and better blood ; the -\^jj /• II lA^Zf
muscles and nerves are starving for the food that the bleod 1 jW } \rc V&fjf\l
can no longer supply, and it is little wonder, that the body \^ V^J&J^/-L^
grows weaker and is soon completely fagged out. Yon
blood. It must be full of nutrition and life- . Kentoa, Ohio, Au«u«t aiSL
giving properties. IS bound to de- Gentlemen :_S. S. S. has been used la our famflyfor
cline and the system run down if its source i year J? ""IT 8 "^ a , great deal of lt - lt te v** 1 fOT » tonio
of supply is cut off. Everything that goes '«&^&£^3Z2£^%S£.
to nourish the body and sustain life passes ei& 'J i J lt ? { l ttt S £ >ars ,, hav f ll>t b<M>a *««Wed <withit. Am
.v -i ,V 11 j J -r, , . i . r . oonfiaent B. S. 8. relieved it. Asa tonic it builds no the
through the blood. It contains bone-mak- system in every way, gives strtmgth, energy and appetite-
in^, tissue-forming material, food for the ln $£ \7s£db^l^ a^^V ieor '
nerves, and stimulates and vitalizes all the opinion of it. wV think Sfthe g^u^£d£^J££
organs of the body. It can't do this when "if 111 r « oonunend it to ail in need of atonio or blood
i j .,, . J v - , ,, ¦ " , purifier. MRS. S. B. LOWERY
clogged with impurities and polluted by 803S. Wayne street.
humors and poisons, for it then becomes a „„ . " „ ' —
source of disease instead of health, and HEALTH RUN dow n, and always
leads to innumerablejdisorders. Columbus, Ohio. May 19 1903.
At this season of the year the blood is «^ So ° e i onr , year^* go x was TOff «-k« from impure blood
- ',-'¦, 1 1 j ' , ¦•'•¦- - r , » n « * general run-down oondition of the system. I had no
most apt to break down because of the ex- appetite, was losing in flesh, and an an-gon© tired feeling
tra efforts made to- throw off the winter's
accumulation of poisons, and if weak at eight bottles mylSJ was o'lear "of^nlJS^s l^dtoS
the beginning it SOOn gfives OUt and the SVS- Z a J? ™ ddy ' heal thy glow that assured me that my blood -
To,« -/^11 4n «, A o XT 1 1- j j had been restored to its normal, healthy oondition. My
Collapses., Nearly, everybody needs a appetite was restored, as I oould eat anything put before
good blood purifier and tonic now to help -JJUsffA^L 1 1 5?^ 1 ? i ed mv »PP«ttte 1 increased in weight,
««f : >Ti» W««/1 n ~A -«:j • 1 • i.\. • t 118 * tired feeling," whioh worried me so muoh, di«-
OUt the blood and aid in cleansing the Cir- appeared, and I was once again my old self.
Culation of all obstructions, and as SOOn as j he « rtll y recommend S. 8.. S. as the best blood purifier
?4m* e i*c 9^mi«i;.l,';j ' A i\. j. ¦ • &ad toni o made, and strongly advise Its use to all those rn
this as accomplished and the system is re- need of such medioine, victor stubbins.
Ceiling a Supply of rich nutritious blood , Con Bartham and Washington Aves.
color returns, to .the skin, the ner^-es are again tingling with health, the appetite .increases—
and that completely -fagged-out feeling disappears. S.S.S. contains both purifying and
tonic properties, making it the ideal remedy in such cases, and being a stnetly vegetable
medicine doesn't shock the system or derange the stomach, and digestion like Potash, Ar-
seni<yand other strong mineral compounds. S. S. S. for the Blood is known everywhere
: -J^^^%- 1 "*w as the greatest of all, blood purifiers and tonics, and for
•^j^M 1 *! T^(^^^ W'^^*^ ¦-y e 4 r ®.^' a s'^ ecl1 use d for diseases due to an impure or weak-
yVii^ V^ 111^^ V~>n^ ened condition of the blood. Under its tonic .effects" the
i^^*^\ '¦ •¦^?"^b^ general health rapidly recuperates, and "nothing 'Kelps the
¦^•¦p^ w'P'£b»'-'j. l^a^jr I a PP^ te ; an^:Pf om °tes digestion likeS. S. S. Keep the
blood, the fountain source of health and life, free of impuri--
.. .ties and in a vigorous and strong condition^ and you will
never experience that completely f agged^ut, nervous state so common- at this time of the.
y ear - I f yp^ would like medicaladviceLor other information, write us a"ad your letter shall
have prompt attention from pur physicians. .Book on the blood 'and its^diseases mailed free.
ADVEHTISEilENTS.
I Advanced Methods of |
Treating \
It is to the discredit of the medical R
profession that »:> f«"w phyriclans roc- M
ojrnlrp the need of better ways of do- U
in* thlncr. Too often diseai-e is B
treated accordlns; to come ancient rule R
of practice, entirely obsolete among E
— I those more advanced in thf science of K
}tj medicine. Every method I employ \r jj
jgi teased upon accurate and scientific D
K truth In regard to the ailment treated. B
J| end is a method original with myself. H
Pi In every instance, painful and dan- H
F3 iterous procedures are entirely elimln- fan
¥\ ated. Bwt of all. my treatment cures B
fa —cures thoroughly and permanently. M
" and In the least time possible. J*
¦^ -.^ -. „.-- -. ...Hi, dP
I 0. a J05LEN, M. D.. |
fc The Leading Specialist. M
I "Weakness." B
E What is commonly termed functional B
E weakness is merely a symptom of prot- E
lr\ tatic disorder. To stimulate activity by Q
BJ the use of powerful tonlca is an easy K
f] matter, but puch results are. merely Ej
H temporary drug effects. Moet doctoris R
nj treat "weakness'" In this manner bt- Q
Ej eauM they do not know how to cure Q
61 the real cause of ti)e derangement. I R
H am the only physician employing aci- F
c! enunc and euccessrul methods. I Ube p
fl no tonlofe at all. My treatment Is a S
B looal one. entirely, and corrects every M
M abnormal condition of that vital ccn- [J
_, ter. the prortate gland. My curei arc m
H real cures, and are permanent. rg
g; Varicocele. y
H. A thorough cure without pain <>r cut- B
M ting. K\er>' case of varicocele I treat M
B| proves the superiority of my mild and I H
PI harmless method,' end the folly of re- fl
fe. verting to surgery. In most Instances it
PI la even unnecessary to detain the pa-
ra tirnt a ningle day from his business.
r| The treatment I employ Is dlstlnctive-
k{ ty my own. and can be had st my of-
vi flee i,nly. Do not submit to the knife
m and hospital < x;> r.>f . when a complete
fj and |H?rmanent cure can he had without
In the 'i.'fs of time, and without rain or
M cuttlrfi.
£ My Cures Arc Permanent, j?
k My fees fire Fair. |
1 and You Can Pay When Cured I
| "Live All Yonr Years a Man." |
f*J Tb'B l« the title of my pamphlet. I
K, wlnob !• mailed free, sealed and under f
K, plain cover to all who write. It dls- I
» ruase; "Weakness," Varicocele. Con- I
Cf traded Diseases. Hpeclfic Blood Pol- I
LI son. Stricture, etc.. and tells of my N
» methods of treatlnr these disorders. I
H Consultation free at office or by mall. I
I DR. 0. C. JOSLEW I
K Corner Market and Keamy Sts. FA
U Private entrance 7C2 Market st. S
p Hourc: Week days. 9 a. m. to 8:30 H
U p. m. Sunday?. 10 to L ftHer' Cargo Takes Fire. •
'. The: Kosmos /liner = Totmes, bound ¦
from Hamburg for this! port, put; back •
The German- bark- Primus, bound
from Leith for Honolulu, was towed
into Aberdeen, Scotland/ yesterday
with V her' topmast • gone and the vessel
otherwise .damaged.' j " , .
Bark Primus in -Trouble.
. SAN JOSE, April 9.-^Emory, H..Tal-;
bot, an old citizen of San; Jose.i died to
day from injuries received last evening
by being^ thrown f rora • his buggy * in"***"
runaway." ; 1^* : • !
Injuries Cause Ills Death.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 9.—Mont
gomery Park results:
First race, seven furlongs; selling—
Barklemore won,- Henry of Franstamar
eecond. Optional third. Time, 1:31.^
Second race, four and a half fur
longs — Cigar Lighter won, Vldalla sec
ond, Woodclaim third. Time, :56%. "
Third race, one mile — Auditor won.
Safety, Light second, 1 Ed Tierney third.
Tim^, 1:44%/:
Fourth race, seven furlongs, selling-
Memphis Race Results.
The whaling schooner Monterey,
owned and commanded by' Captain Fo
ley, sailed yesterday for the far north.'
The Monterey is the last of the blub r
ber hunters to get away. She had a
successful cruise last year, and, being
better equipped " now, Captain Foley
has great hopes for the cruise just
commenced. .The Monterey - was , the
first vessel equipped with a gasoline
engine to hunt whales. ; Her engine
did not| work well - oh' the last cruise,
but as far as it went wasra great ;sucV
cess. -The schooner has* been-; equipped
with a new engine and Captain Foley
contemplates making great execution
among the whales of the Arctic.
Wlmllng Schooner Monterey Sails.
PORTLAND,* . Or:, April 9.— Mrs.
Emma \Vatson, , indicted .by "the /Fed
eral Grand Jury for. complicity in the
timber land- frauds in this State and
who was s arrested* in ; Chicago; several
days ago/ has arrived in this city. \ She
was given - her ':¦', liberty \ under ; a , cash
bond/ of , $ 4 000, which was furnished
by "., Benjamin Sweet of Chicago, who
telegraphed : the f fom 1 that
city. Mrs. waived , prelimi-'
nary, examination. .
Woman Accused of t Participating in
Iifind Frauds Arrives nt Oregon
~ Metropolis.
3IRS. WATSOX OBTAINS
?£•¦; -.'¦¦• LIBERTY IX PORTLAXD
Fifth race, four and a half furlongs-
Garret Wilson won, Little Woods sec
ond. All Scarlet third. Time,.l:0L
Sixth race, one and a sixteenth miles
— Sailor's Delight won, Cay second.
East Kelston third.' Time, 2:03 3-5.
Third race, six and. a half furlongs—
Spring won, Go t Between second, Tol
San third. Time, 1:27.
Fourth race, . two miles. Southern
steeplechase, for hunters— Agio won,
Hed Hawk second, Twilight third.
Time, 4:28.
First race, five furlongs — Esperance
won. The Bowery second, Cappamore
third. Time, 1:06 2-5.
Second race, four and a half fur
longs—Lady Frances won, Gilderstone
second. Only One^hird. Time, 1:00 3-5.
WASHINGTON. April 9.— Bennings
results:
Racing at Bennings.
The center of the production of the
most important cereals— corn, wheat;
oats, barley, rye and buckwheat — taken
In the aggregate, is in Illinois, a few
miles north of Quincy.
SAN JOSE. April 9.— The District Atttor
ney to-day received a remlttltur tn the case
of Georpo Suesscr. who murdered Sheriff
Farley of Monterey several ytars aso. Sues
ser will- be -returned for resentence some
time next week. . . . \:i-'ii;C\
SALEM, Or., April 9.— The skin of a
murderer will grace the watches and
shopping bags of a numb.er of Salem
people of both sexes. Harry Egbert,
who was sometimes known as Jack
Frost, paid, the penalty for murdering
Attorney John Saxton and Deputy
Sheriff Jtack West in Harney County,
Oregon, about two years ago, by hang
ing at the State Penitentiary In this
city on Friday, January 29, 1904.
The story of the disposition ot/"Eg
bert's body has- been noised for sev
eral weeks and it was stated that med
ical students had secured it for their
purposes. The uncanny and shocking
portion of the tale remained a secret
until last evening, except to a few,
who had been connected with the af
fair. V
When the remains of the criminal
were received by the students one re
moved the skin .from the lifelessrbody
and tanned it. Many bits are in the
possession of, people who seem to prize
their ghastly - mementoes. Women as
well as menVfrave made demands for
the unique keepsakes and "It is' sup
posed that they will be sold for vari
ous ornaments. •¦ ' • ¦'/.
Special Dispatch' to The Call.
SAX JOSE, April 9. — St. Vincent's
College baseball team of Los Angeles,
the acknowledged amateur champions
of Southern California, were defeated
by the Santa Clara College ball team
at Cyclers' Park this afternoon by a
score of 7 to 3. It was a gofed exhi
bition of ball and was witnessed by a
large crowd. Lane, the pitcher for
St. Vincent, became wild In the third
inning, when the score was 2 to 2.
With the bases full, Russell of Santa
Clara made a three bagger, sending
in three runs. Durfee, who had
reached third, came home on a passed
ball. . Santa Clara scored again in the
seventh. Kilburn of Santa Clara
pitched a clever game, but two hits
being made off him. Santa Clara Col
lege made five hits and five errors
and St. Vincent two hits and five er
rors. The teams play again to-mor
row. . n*
Santa Clara Xinc Wins.
SAN JOSE, April 9.— The California
Automobile Club of San Francisco
made its first run of the season to this
city this afternoon. About one hundred
members in thirty machines left San
Francisco between 1 and 3 p. m. The
run is under command of Captain Sam
uel G. Buckbee. It was late this even
ing when the last auto reached here.
The visitors are at the Hotel Vendome,
v.here they are enjoying themselves
and receiving calls from the motorists
of this city. There are a number of
pi eminent San Franciscans in the
party.
The run is made in the Interest of
good roads agitation. The party will
tour the valley to-morrow, returning
home in the evening. One machine
made the run from Haywards to this
city iu 51 minutes. Aside from minor
breaks to a few of the machines the
trip down was without incident. Other
members^of the club will join the party
here to-morrow morning.
Under Command of Captain Samuel
G. Buckbce They Will Tour
Santa Clanf Valley.
The steam schooners, which were
nearly all tied up pending the settle
! ment of difficulties between the owners
land crews, '.were hauled out of their
, resting places yesterday and will go
' into commission again to-day. The de
mands of the engineers for overtime
j>ay was the reason for their being
tied up In the first place. When the
i engineer difficulty was adjusted the
: masters and mates came forward with
! demands. There was another adjust
ment, but the schooners remained Idle,
for seamen afid firemen had troubles
to be smoothed over, and no sooner
were the forecastles and stokeholes
made happy than there came a. wall
for more money from the glory hole.
j Peace had hardly been made with the
: waiters than the galley was heard
from. Among other things the cooks
demanded extra" pay for every cup, of
coffee served at other than mealtimes.
Sailors and officers coming off watch
are in the habit of taking hot coffee
before turning in. The cooks demanded
that the man that made the coffee re
i ceive compensation from the man. that
drank it at the rate of 5 cents a cup.
Sailors, firemen and officers joined with
the owners In protest against this ex
action, and yesterday It was decided
j that if the cooks did not care to return
to duty on the terms they had pre
* viously accepted as. satisfactory the
galleys of the steam schooners would
be manned by. Japanese. The trouble
• with the cooks was finally adjusted
j last evening and the schooners will
I resume their runs.
Steam Schooners in Commission.
Residents of the Oregon
Capital Are Said to Possess
Some Grewsome Eelics
AUTOMOBILISTS ENJOY
TRIP TO THE GARDEN" CITY
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., April
9.— Matthew N. Williams, president of
the Pueblo Typographical: Union and
former president of '.the Milwaukee
Union, died at the Union Printers'
Home here last night.
Dies at Union Printers' Home.
TREASURE SKIN
OF MURDERER
to Genoa yesterday with her cargo in
No. 3 hold on fire. The latest word re
ceived was that the flames had not
been extinguished and .that the con
flagration was more serious than at
first supposed.
Sixth race, one and a quarter miles
— Lee King won, Oreilly second, Little
Elkin third. Time, 2:11^.
Fifth race, about two miles, Cotton
steeplechase stakes— Presgrave won,
Golden Link second, Eva Moe third.
Time, 4:41.
Censor won, Orfeo second, Tom Crab
third. Time, 1:30%.
Up to that time both teams played
championship ball and the fielding
was fast and clean. Both Emerson
and Forsyth were in grand form. Em
erson had a trifle the better of the ar
gument, pitching one of the best
games of his career. A large crowd
was in attendance and the Presidio
rooters did all in their power to bring
victory to the boys in blue.
The champion Presidio baseball
team lost its first game yesterday af
ternoon on the Presidio grounds to
the tossers from San Jose by a score
of 1 to 0. The visitors scored their
only run in the ninth inning, when
with two on the bags, Oswald dropped
a fly in right field and allowed the
only run of the game to come in.
San Jose Tossers Score One Run In
the XInth Inning and Carry Off
the Honors.
PRESIDIO BASEBALL, TEAM
MEETS ITS FIRST DEFEAT
Following is the lineup in to-day's
match: San Mateo— Center, Emily
Donnelly; side center, Grace Russell
and Emma Congdon; goals, Freda
Hagerup and Ethel McCormick;
guards, Edna Goodhue and Hazel
Dingwell. San Rafael — Center, Mary
Davis; side centers, Mamie Biocina and
Mabel Bourck; goals, Lulu Dougherty
and Rosamond Green; guards, Eliza
beth and Mary Devany. Umpire, Miss
Howe of San Rafael. Referee, Dr. E.
K. Sisson. I
SAX MATEO, April 9. — The basket
ball teams of the high schools of San
-Tlafael and San Mateo met on the
campus to-day and the visitors sus
tained an overwhelming: defeat, the
score being: 12 to 0. Miss Freda Hag
erup of San Mateo scored every goal
made. She possesses remarkable ac
curacy in pitching the ball, and lands
it in the basket apparently at pleasure
from any part of the field. In a recent
match between these teams at San
Rafael the players of that city were
victors, but since then San Mateo has
had effective practice and expects to
hold the high school championship
against all comers.
Scores Twelve Goals to Nothing, Miss
l'rcda Ilagerup Proving the
Star Player.
SAX MATEO BASKET-BALIj
TEAM DEFEATS SAX RAFAEL
Freshmen — Bow, E. M. Cerf; after
waist, T. Joy; forward waist. T. V.
Reeves; stroke, H. C. Schicber (cap
tain); cockswain. H. Gray.
Sophomores — Bow, H. W. Ross
(captain); after waist, W. MacFar
land; forward waist, W. A. Schmidt;
stroke. H. Carpenter, cockswain, W. B.
Campbell.
OAKLAND, April 9. — Four stal
warts from the junior class proved
the best crew in the interclass row
ing regatta held by University of Cali
fornia students on the estuary this
afternoon, between Alice-street bridge
and Sessions Basin. The winners
rowed away from, the senior crew in
the second preliminary race and in
the final test with the barge and oars
the champion juniors led the sopho
mores from end to end of the course
and beat them five lengths at the
finish.
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler of
the University of California was
referee and was delighted with the
(showing made on the water by his
boys. A. T. Thorning officiated as
starter and A. D. Smith as Judge at
the finish. The judges of the course
were Dr. A. R. Ward, C. L. Cory, J.
B. Lanfield and T. M. Beach.
In the first preliminary race the
sophomores defeated the freshman
crew six lengths over a course esti
mated to be about three-auarters of a
mile. The time of the winners was
4:46.
The contest between the seniors and
Juniors was the best of the day. The
course was about a mile and a quar
ter. For three-quarters of the dis
tance the barses were bow and bow.
On the last stretch the cockswain of
Xhe seniors sent his craft inside the
wrong stake and when he got on the
course again the Juniors had crossed
the finishing line. The time was 7:15.
The deciding race was easy for the
juniors. They held the sophomores
safe all the way over a -mile and a
quarter course and came in seven
lengths ahead in 6:35.
Following are the crews as they
participated in the regatta:
Seniors — Bow, Walter Wynne; after
waist, li. C. Whiteley; forward waist.
Sterling Bunnell (captain); stroke, J.
B. White; cockswain, Sam Young.
Juniors — Bow, E. J. Grindley (cap
tain); after waist. A. E. Bannister;
forward waist, D. M. Evans; stroke, G.
J. Ahnloff; cockswain, J. P. Loeb.
Grant Smith beat Harry Rolfe, 6-4,
6-3, 6-2; A. W. Worthington tied G. Lit
tle, 6-3, 2-6; Herbert Gray tied B. G.
Wood, 4-6, 6-2, 6-3, 5-7; Sidney Salis
bury beat Will Allen, 6-3; H. Spring
tied Gus Lesser, 6-4. 3-6; Walter S.Mac-
Gavin and Herbert Long beat Allen
and Salisbury, 6-2, 6-3; Worthington
tied W. F. Bull, 6-4, 4-6; Dr. Xoble beat
Little. 6-4; Allen beat Dr. McChesney,
6-4; H. Long beat Roy Cornell, 9-7; Dr.
Hill tied Dr. McChesney, 7-5. 4-6; Alden
Ames beat H. E. Punnett, 6-2, 4-6, 7-5;
Harold Gabriel beat C. Sayre, 7-5.
Grant Smith played -three sets with
Harry Rolfe. The lattfc- played a good
game, but was unable to win a seL
Alden Ames and H. E. Punnett
played a hard three-set match. Ames
won two out of three, but had no easy
time doing bo.
Dr. Noble and C. C. Sayre played a
tie, each winning a 6-3 set.^
The following matches were played:
Dr. McChesney and Dr. Hill fur
nished a good match late in the after
noon. They retired after each had won
a set.
Will Allen won a set from McChesney
and lost one to Salisbury.
Roy Cornell, although somewhat out
of practice, held Long down well and
made the younster play his best to beat
him.
Many tennis players were attracted
to the courts yesterday by the warm
weather. Some of the players were un
able to stand the heat, while those who
play in the San ' Rafael tournaments
were right at home.
W. S. MacGavin and Herbert Long
Joined forces in doubles, and to the
surprise of all took Will Allen and Sid
ney Salisbury into camp easily. Mac-
Gavin was steady in the back court
and ably assisted his younger partner.
MacGavin and Long won both sets
with ease.
3IacGavin and Long Join
Forces and Easily Defeat
Will Allen and Salisbury
STRONG DOUBLES TEAX
Warm Weather Suits Racket
Wielders WJio Are Accus
tomed to San Rafael Heat
Hold Their Opponents Safe
All the Way and Come in
With Speed at the Finish
VICTOKS AliF STAYERS
Beat Seniors and Sophmores
in Exciting Rally Held on
Oakland Estuary Course
JUNIOR CREW
WINS REGATTA
COURTS DRAW
MANY PLAYERS
THE SAN' FRANCISCO GALL, SUNDAY, APRIL; 10, 1904;
ADVERTISEMEUTa
aI«s^^ solo by
•£¦* fyJsS§ Simple
iliillii
Gives Vim/ Vigror and Vitality, COM-
PELLING GROWTH and life., Bashful
nnd Incompetent', men >' made" confident.
Don't behalf a man; use 'a, natural- re-
storative. Our' Vacuum Dereloper com-
bined with out Improved. "Perfect", local
absorbing: ' . 7 - ¦. "'- -. "-'*. ¦
' (Direct Medication) •
Soluble Medicated Bougies or Crayons
quickly cures Gleet, all ' drains; Stricture,
Prematureness.Prostatlc; Affections, . etc.
We have ¦ a i SPECIAL * Medicated Crayon i
for GONORRHOEA, which is Especially
effective, being - Germ Icidal.* Antiseptic,
Soothing * and - Healing; ; it materially
shortens the attack and leaves no bad ef-
fects, as with "the 1 , old .forms of .- treat-
ment. . ¦ v> ¦:¦•:.. --'.r ''\' : '- ¦"'¦;'_:.
For VABICOCELE ourilmproved DE-
VELOPER, combined with -; our New
"Patented" ; i SUSPENSORY, and i COM-
PRESSOS, will quickly, cure ; every . case.
Don't be operated upon.* Xnveatlfifate this.
i Call or write : for descriptive, 1 , illustrat-
ed, '.•copyrighted"* 100-page j ibook. v Health
?No." 6. for Men .'only.-. Sent -Securely.
'Sealed' Free. ' Our, Physicians are ! experi-
enced and i strictly. ¦> reliable ••-¦ specialists •
and? cure all 'diseases of Men ".by modern
methods. , V '^.-'MA '¦ '" : u'- : ''. -'¦<."'¦' X-^flJ^-
• v Treatment . given on 10 days' trial and.
approTal.~i Hours: 9 to 9; Sunday. 10 to 1."-
KEALTH APPLIANCE ? 00^^
v, ' ' 6 ? O'FABRELLi ST.. Near Market. : ;
BAILWAY TBAVEIt,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FR/NCiSCJ AND OTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon rerxy. Foot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30 »:OO. 11:00 a. m. ; ia:a5
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. ra. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11 30 p in. . .
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 pi m
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30.'
3:30. 5:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK. DAIS — 0:0&,: 7:tf&..7:3u »:rw. U:l>
a. r.i.; 12:60. 3:40. 5:00. 5:20 p. in. ..-«
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00 U:40, 11:15 a. m.; 1:40,
3:40. 4:55. 5:05. 6:25 p. • m. .-
— ¦ ••
Leave I In Effect ' I Arrive >
San Francisco.! Sept. 27. 11)0.1. !San Francisco.
Week 1 Sun- - j Dtat.na- I Sun- i Week
Days: I days. | tion. . [ days, j Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 0:10 al 8:40 a
9::<0a Ignaclo. 10:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p 3:30 p 6:05 p ti.20 p
6:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p| ,
' 7:30 al 9:10 a| 8:40 a
I 8:00 a Novato. 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30 pi 0:30 a Petaluma 0:05 -> 6:20 p
&:10pJ3:30p - and:. . 7:35 p
( 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
7:30 a I |10:40 a|10:20 a
8:00a Fulton. I 7:35 p 0:20p
3:30 p 3:30 p[ . | |
I Windsor. 1
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburs. 10:40 a 10:20 a
. Lytton, .
3:30 p 3:30 p Gey&erville, 7:35 p 6:20 p
Cloverdale,
7:30a 8:00a Hopland 10:40 a 10:20 a
3:30p 3:30p| and Ukiah. | 7:35 "p 6.20p
7:30 a| 8:00 a| Wllllts. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p.;
7:30 a) 8:00 al . 110:40 a 1 10. 20 a
-3:30p| 3:30 p| Guernevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30a|8:00a| Sonoma. |&:10a|8:4Oa
5:10 p| 6:00 p| Glen Ellen.. | 8:05 p| 6.20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al • 110:40 a|10:20 a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Schastopol. 1,7:35 p| 6:20 p
STAGES v. connect at ¦¦ Green Brae for San !
Quentln. . at- Santa Rosa for White Sulphur ¦
Springs; at Fulton for Altruria and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
lerville- for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers, iioonevUIa and Greenwood: at
Hcpland for Duncan Springs, Highland Springs
Kelseyville. Carlsbad Springs, Soda Bay, Lake-
port and Uartlett Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy
'Springs, Saratoga Springs. • Blue Lake's. Laurel
Dell Lake, Witter Springs. -Upper Lake. Porao
Potter -Valley. John Day's. Riverside. Llerly'a!
Bucknells. Sanhedrln Heights;. Hull ville. Orrs
Hot Springs.. Halfway House. Cornptche, Camp
Steveus,' Hopkins, llendocino City. Fort Bragg
West Point, Usal: at , Willlts for Fort Bragg.
Westport." Sherwood.": Cahto. -• Covelo. -*» Lay ton-
vUle. . Cummings,- Bell's - Springs. Harris, Ol-
sen's, ; Dyer. - Uarberville. Pepperwood, Scotia
and Eureka. •'„*! -';-..-' .• •-..-•
Saturday, to Sunday round-trip, tickets at re-
duced-rates. , ¦• .' ' . ... ' •-."-¦ .
' -On Sunday round-trip 'tickets to 1 all' points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
c Ticket . offices. 030 Market street. Chronicle
building. - r
H. C. WHITING, j :n.'X. RTAN.v ' j
V- y." Gen. Manager. .. • CSen. Pass. Agt-i ;
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
T ¦¦" Leave ¦• . :* Tta Jjusiito twrj I : Arrive -». ¦ - ' '
8an Prandbco fm rflUrtst a * San Frandacw
Week -:Sw« ¦ ¦¦-¦¦> m- ¦ San- I Week
D»y». day* J^Rmffffk. <**/« Daya.
«1l.iat»8:uoA i^t&SaM »a«o»rf6r4Ti
•l:45r 9:OOa nfMKin l:35r 3:SUp
li»r 1O:OOa »:50r S:50»
11:OOa Wr 4i&Op tifli
.«. l:4Sr Wf »;«•» ,, t
»-_ -. 3:15 p , -:;: : " :.T:»Or . :
¦ ¦'-.*¦— sjt wMs'sttji tm '-':.-¦'" 1w» mi ¥ffl»r flssjy .
"neir I <US Markxt ST.,(Nortb Shore fUiktmti*
W«m I and Sausauto Fiur. Foot Mark* 34.
BAILWAY TBAVEL.
•/^t<*" v F~*>x<^ Traln8 IeaT « and * r » '
/O^^^A^X d ue to arrl re at
I •/ SUNSCT ' -
I V) £. j SA> I'KANCISCO.
\^T '/ \> Jtij Fbom April 10. 190*.
V"^V^ / FlMT DffOT
\ \r oot oC Mar * et Street )
..!.»«»« — -. MAIN LINE. -aTj^T
700* .V«c»TllU-. Wimert.. ITum.ey 7.50>
7.0J» Benlcla, Sals on. Elm!rs and Sacra-
mento 7.20*
740a Vallrjo. Napa. CalistoK*. Santa
l!o«a. Martinez, S:vn Kamon 6-20<*
7 30a Nlles, LIrermore. Tracy, Lathrop,
Stockron 7.20?
f .00* Shasta Expres* — (Via Darls).
WlUtamt (for Uartlett Springs),
Willow* tKrnto. Ked Ulutt.
Portland. Tacoma. Seattle 7.60r
8-OOa Davis. Woodland. Knight* Landing.
MnrysTllle. OroTUIe 7-59?
- 8- 30a Port Costa. Martinez. Actlucb.
Byron. Tracy. Stocktoa. New-
man. Los lixau*. Mend ota.
Armona. Hanforl Vlaalla,
Portrrvllle 4.29*
P. 30* Port Costa. Lathrop. Modesto,
Merced. Fresno, lioshen Junc-
tion. Uanford. Vlsalla, Bakers-
field 4S9e
8-30* Mien. San .lone. LIrermore. Stock-
ton, (t Mil ton), lone. Sacramento,
Placcrriile MaryivMle. Chlco,
Ked BlnfT 4.20f
8.30a OakrfalR. Chinese. Jamestoirn. So-
corit. Tuulumne and Angels 4.20p
9 00* Atlantic Express— Ogden and East. 11.20*
9.30a Richmond. Martinez and Way : '
Stations S50p
10.00* The Overland Limited — Ogden.
' Denver. Omaha, Chicago 620?
10.00a Vallejo..... 12.20*
10 00* Los Ancles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinez, Hyron. Tracy,
Latbrop. Stockton. Merced.
Haymond. Fresno. Goshen Junc-
tion, Hnnford, Lemoore, Vlsalla,
Dakeraneld. Los Angeles 7.2Cp"
12.00m Hayward. Nlles nnd Way Sutlons. 3-20P
H-GOr Sacmrarnto River Steamers tII.QOf
330p Benlcla. Winter*. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knights Landing.
Marysvllle, Oroville and way
stations 1050a
3-ZOP liny war!. Nlles and Way Stations.. 7-50r
330r fort Costa, Martinez. Byron.
Tracy, Lathrop. Modesto.
Merced, Berenda. . Fr«'«ao and
"Way Stations beyond Pjrt Costa 12-20r
330p Yoseraite Valley. Mon. Wed., Krt. 9.20a.
3 30p Martinez. Tracy. Stockton. Lodl... 10.20a
4 COp Martlnez.SanlUinon.ValleJo.Napa,
CalUtoga. Santa Uosa 920*.
4 00p Kllra. Tracy. Stocktoa. Lodl 4.20?
430p Hayward. NUes. Irvington. San I (8.50*.-
Jose. Llvermoro } J 11.50*
E-OOp The Owl Limited— N'ewm-n. Los
Banos. Mendoia. Fresno. Tulare,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles.
Golden State Limited Sleeper,
Oakland to Los Angele*. fur Chi-
cago, via C. R. I. & P. (last trip
¦ ApriI19> 92Ca
E.OOf Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12.20p
t530p Hayward, Vlles ami han Jose 7.20a
6-OOp Hayward. Klles and San Jose 9 SO*
B-COr Eastern Express— Ojtclcn. Denver.
Omaha. St. Louis. Chicago nnd
Kast. l'ort Costa, lienicla. Sul-
sun. Elmira, Davis. Sacramento,
liocklln. Auburn, Colfax,
Trnckee. Boca. lie no. Wads-'
worth, WInnemucca 5.20p
6.00f Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... > 7 rn _
7 01p Valleju, Sunday only f /our
7.C0p hlchmond, »*n Pablo. Port Costa,
Martinez and Way Sutlons 11.20a
8XEp Oregon & California Ezpress— Sac-
ramento, Marysvllle. tle<ld!ng,
Portland, I'oget Sound nnd East. 8-50*
9.1 Or Hay ward. Nlles and San Jose (Snn-
' ' dnyonly) : 11-50^
COAST LINE Parru« l.auire).
(Foot of Market Street ) ¦
7.45a Santa CrazRxcnrslom Sunday only) 8-10r
fc.lb a Newark, Centervllic. San Jgse,
Felton. Bonlaer Creek, Santa
Cruz and Way Stntlons 5-55?
2.15r Newark. CentervUle. San Jose,
New Almaden. Los Gatos.Felton.
Bonider Creek, Santa Cruz and
Principal Way Stations tUJ 55a
4.15p Newark, SanJoae, LosUatos and I f3.55 *
waygtatlon* ) tiO 55a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rroru hA.\ r KA^CIhto. Fool of Market St. (SllpO
-rr.lS »:(« U:0Oa.m. 100 3-CO 5.15p.h.
•rom OAKLAND. Foot of Brofidway — t6:0U t3:Ud
t3:0J 10:00 A.M. 12 00 200 4.00 p.m.
COAST LINE <«road l.anicf).
Cir~nair»l «ul •fownsend StreetB.)
6 10* San Jonu and Way Stations S33p
¦7 00a S«n .Jose and Way Stations : 5 40?
7.15a Mooterry and Santa Crnz Excur-
sion (Sunday i-nly) 10-30?
8 00* New Almaden CTnej.. Frld.. only). 4ACe
B CO* The Coaster — Stops only Sap J<«<»;, . -
Gliroy (connection for Hot'!*-
ter). Paj»ro. Castrovllle (coa-
i . ncctlon tu and from . Monterey
and Pacific Grove). Salinas. San "
Ardo, Paso Ruble-. Santa Mar-
garita. San Luis Oblspo. principal
; stations thence Surf (connection
for Loropoc). principal stations
> , thence Santa Barhora.Ssn Buena- -
i ' Ventura. Bnrbank. Los Angeles . IC 43*
! a. CO* Ban Juee. Tres Finos, Capltola,'
SantaCruz.PaclncnroTe.SaJInas,
¦ Snn Luis Obispo and Principal
' Way Stations ....:• 4.10p
' 1040a San Jose and Way Stations 1.20?.
1140a Santa CUra. «ia Joac, Lpa Gatos
and Way Stations 7.30?
1.3Cr San Joee and Way Stations 8.36*
SLOP Del Monte Kxpreos— Santa Clam,
San Jour; D«l Munte. Monterey.
Pacific Grove (connects at Santa
Clara, except Snnday. for Santa
Crnz, Bonider i.rwk and Narrow
Gauge Points) &t Gliroy for llol-
Hst«T, Trrs Plnos. at Pujaro for
i Ssnta Crnz, at Castroviile for
; Salinas ; 12-15i»
3^0p Tres Plnos Wav Passenzer 10 4*5 a'
4 30p -an Jose and Way Stations 13.00a
15 00- Santa Clara. -»u Jonv Loa Gatos,
and principal Way S unions (ex-
cept Sunday) t9.00A
$5 ZOp banJotennfiPrlnelpalWayStattons 49.43*.
5 45«- &un*et LitnttPit.— Kedwo d. San
Jorc, G llroy.i-alina*. t nun Uobles.
San Lulit Oblspo. Sunta Barbara.
Los Anfreles. Drinine. El Paso,
New Orleans. New Vork. Con-
nects at PaJ.iro for Santa Crnz
and at CastrovUln for PaclQc
$ Grove end Way Station* 7-10l
16 -IEp fc«i. Mateo. rtcrr-ifor-l.l5elinunt.Saa
Carlos. Retlwuod. Fair Oaks.
MenloPsrk. Palo Alto........... t6-48A
6 30p Sun Jo*e and Way Stations...; 63S*.
8-GOp Palo Alto nnd Way Stations 10.15a
ii.iUt* Suiith Mtii Franclsi'ii. MUtbra*. I!ur-
llnzame. San Mateo, ISelmont.
San Carlos. Krdwood. Fair Oaks,
Menio Park, and PmoAlto 9.45?
o11-30p Mayneld, Mountain View. Sunny-
vale. Lawrence. Santa Clara and
Sun Jose:....; ; ". 1945P
A for Murninc- . - • P for Afternoon.
. i Sunday excepted. . . t Snnday only.
. a Saturday only.
5 Stop* at all stations on Sunday. •
;*""(>n!y train* »to|>pinir at Valencia St.sontnTxmnd
ar»- : :10a.m.. 7:00*. m^ 7:13 a.m., 11:30 a. x., 3:U)PJW
6:C0 p. m. and S:O0p.M.
. —^ «
I CALIFORNIA '' : I
I 'LIMITED TO CHICAGO 8
1 '{.{ L EA VES DAJL Y q
| /at !):.*]() a. m., through in ;i days, 2
M '¦ with diner and all trapping 1 *. , H
Other Santa Pc Trains:
7:30 a.m.l f or Stockton. Fresno. Bakersflc24/
8 :CO pirn. J Merced. Haafcjd and- VlsalU.
4:00 p. m. for Stockton.
S:Q0p. m. for Kansas 'City. Grand Canyon aa4
Chicago. /
TICKET orriCSS — 641 ¦ Market St. aaA
' Perry , 3D epot. -, S. 7. Also 1112 ¦ Broad-
- way, Oatland." Cal. 27 South First S\*
¦* San Jotff. : ¦ '
|@^SE@^| TO SAN RAFAEL,
|K^^1S ROSS VAUEY,
1^^^^^ MILL VALLEY,
•g^^^ CAZADERO, "Etc. 1
TU Sausalito Terry*
Suburban* Service. Standard Gauss Electric—
- Depart from San Francaco Dally 7:00, 8:00, ;
0:W)/lt):CO,' 11:00 a. ra., 12:20, 1:45. 3:13. 4:13.
5-13i-«> - 15. 7:0O"8:45. 10:2U. 11:45> p. m.
FROM SAN FAPAEL TO ¦ SAN FRANCISCO
— Daily & :25, 6:33. 7:40. S:S5. 9:33, 11:08 a,
.m" 12-av ; 1:45. "2:55. 3:45. 4:45. B:«. . 6:4^,
b ..'FROM"MlLL?'VALLET TO SAN F1^.NV
C1SCO— Da.ly." 5:45. 6:55. 7:52. 8:53. 8:5V
; 11T20 a. ra.. 12:35, 2:00. 3:15. 4:05. 6:00. 8:05,
i 7:05 \ 0:00.^10:35 p." m. - - •
: " THROUGH TRAINS."
-' - 8 - 00 al* 1 m ~ daily-'-Caaadero and way stations.
5:15* p. m.'. week days (Saturday excepted)-.
Tomales . and way stations.
8:15' p.* tn. - Saturdays — Cazadero and f. way
''lundays only— 10 a. ml. Point Heye»Vaa4^
way stations -- ' "- ' t - . •
.TICKET OFFICE— 626 Market mU. >j
/ FERRT— Union Depot, foot ' of ¦ Market at. -¦>¦¦
THE ,WE|KLY GALL
Si per Yeaf»
J 2§$t\. yer y woman admires a strong man. Every man admires
S <fev j^^^^^i strong w man. Health; strength nd happi ess! They
7^^^^^^^^^^ are the joy ot living. If you are a weak man or a weak
l^^^^^^^^^^^ woman I can give them to you.
V iSF^ $1^000 FORFEIT
\ v^ For a case of Nervous Debility, Varicocele, Rheumatism, Lame' Back, Lumbago, Sciatica, any case of
/k \ x* v Kidney Disease (that has not gone as far as Bright's Disease), Indigestion, Constipation, Female
i&j\. V^ w Weakness, or any weakness of man or woman, which I cannot cure with my new improved Electric
/^^^v Belt, the marvel of electricians, the most wonderful curative device that has ever been introduced.
v V\vW Give me a man broken down from dissipation, hard work or worry, from any cause which has
' /^^I\!I«S U I sapped his vitality. Let, him follow. my advice for three months and r will make him as vigorous in
f $ '\**k V I every, respect as any man of his age.
Jf % w K" ' \i I will not promise to make, a Hercules of a man who was never intended by nature to be
£ $ % \w //J^- " strong and vigorous. Even that man ' 1 ;can make better than he is; but the man who has been
M x wJryXi Ymj strong and has lost his strength I can make as good as he ever was.
M j§ w^? \> >Jw I can give back to any man what he has lost by violation of the laws of nature. I can stop all
/j x v\nn^ \ 'J^Wf drains upon his. vitality in ten days. - ; " : ' .
M x5 \^v \V man - wno is nervous, whose brain and body are weak, who sleeps badly, awakes. more tired than
/c^ x§ x^- \w - \\ \yxwol when he went to bed, who is easily discouraged, incline'd to brood over imaginary troubles, who has
jRNj csS^ N\^J lost ambition and energy to tackle hard problems, lacks the animal electricity which the Dr. Mc-
/P s£$ \^f Laughlin Electric Belt supplies. 4 .
fii \^ \v \\W vXl I can take any woman who is nervous, sleepless, who has bearing-down pains, periodical dis-
/ 1 v v^. \ \Wv Vvvl tress, dizzy and fainting spells, loss of appetite and a generally haggard and old feeling and make
J I x \ v^j her feel like a girl again. . • .
/ v* N^ \v l\kV^1 - Mrs. S. C. Babcock, Bruceville, Cal., says: "Your belt Is doing me a grreat deal of arocd, for I am better than I have
V ' \vv\j been for years "
xx^ \V vvM e wno ' e . f° rce OI vitality in your body is dependent upon your animal electricity. When you.
\ XV * , \V^» lose that by draining the system in any manner, my Belt will replace it and cure you.
Mr. Harry U- Jackson, Valleton. Cal., writes: "Although you are a stranger to me, my heart warms toward you as a great benefactor . and friend, and I am more than
grateful to you. Already I feel the vigor of new life in my body; no aches and no pains. I wish you every, success In your work."
Letters like that tell a story which means a great deal to a sufferer. They are a beacon light to the man who has become discouraged from
useless doctoring. I get such letters every day. / ' *
My Belt has a wonderful influence upon tired, weak nerves. It braces and invigorates. them, and stirs up a great force of energy.
Louise Klnir, Commercial Hotel, San Francisco, says: "I take pleasure In dropping you a few lines to let you know how greatly Improved I am since I got your Belt. My
headaches have left me and I am gaining in welttht. I feel like a different woman, and am very eratetul to you for all the good your Belt has done me." -
I make tlie best electrical body appliance in the world, having devoted twenty years to perfecting it. I know my trade. My, cures after
everything else has failed are my best arguments. - . • . j
Mr Roy Burk McKlttrlck. Cal., writes: "From the first night I wore the belt I felt' new life In every part of my body. The weakness was checked Immediately, and I am
now able to do heavy work without tiring. I am glad I thought of the belt, for In no other way could the money bring me so much pleasure."
Give me a man with pains in his back, a dull ache in his muscles or joints, "come-and-go" pains in his shoulders, chest or side, Sciatica in
his hip, Lumbago, Rheumatism, or any ache or pain, and my Belt will pour the oil of life into his aching body and drive out every sign of pain.
No pain can exist where my Belt is worn. •
Mr. J. L. Balrd of Oriand, Cal., writes: "My 'back is entirely well, and I would not take $100 for my belt If I could -not get' an other. It Is the best thing on earth for a
lame back." '
And these "old" men; these men who have burned the candle at both ends— or even if they haven't — these men who for one reason or another
feel that life has lost its spice, that they are getting old too fast, I can. make them feel the sparkle and fire of youth again.
I'll never forget when Mr. A. Crawford of Pokegama, Oregon, an old man of seventy, wrote to me and said: '-'When I wrote to you last I
told you to send me a Belt to make an old man young, and you did. I am seventy years old, and since I have worn the Belt I feel as strong as I
did at thirty-five, and can do as good a day's work as I could at that age." It was two years ago that Mr. Crawford wrote me that letter. Here is
one I just got from him:
"In reply to your letter I am glad to say that I am just as much In favor of your Belt as I ever was. for It has been a remarkable help to me. I am seventy-two years old. but
I do not look any more than fifty. . Am enjoying perfect health, and will continue to recommend the Belt, as I have been doing right along, as I realize that but for It I should have
been dead and burled by this time." ' V
They come every day from everywhere. There is not a town or hamlet in the country which has not.cures by Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt.
Men and women who had tried their home doctors and every known medicine have come to me and been cured.
Mr. T. Tarerchl, 121 Halght st, San Francisco. Cal., says: "So words can express my feeling of gratitude to you. When -I raceived your " marvelous Belt I was In a very
bad condition physically. I was nervous, weak, dieestlon was poor. I couldn't sleep but' two or three hours In the night, my mental power was weak, though I had been naturally
very stronsr. and all these symptoms were the result of a sexual weakness. . Now I am well, and I am glad to have this opportunity to recommend the Belt to those who suffer from
such troubles as mine, for they will be restored to perfect health by your Belt."
Now, what does this mean to you, dear reader? If you are not what you ought to be, can you ask any better proof. to make you try it? Is
there a remedy which is as simple, as easy to use, as sure to cure and as cheap as Dr. McLaughlin's Electric Belt? I have not seen one. You must
try it. In justice to yourself, and to those who look to you for their fc future happiness, try it : now. Act this minute. Such a matter ought not be
delayed. ,. ' l.'.-'^;"~ ' ,\'j.-',,lT.. ..',/ .,*''"' v .."-",•¦"¦•:."¦>' ¦¦¦..:-¦¦¦¦"¦-¦ ¦.'-¦"'-
It's as good for women as for men. Worn while* you sleep, it causes no trouble. You feel the gentle glowing heat from it constantly, but
no sting, no burning, as in old-style belts. ...
Come and see me if you can. I have a private consulting -room in which I will explain my method of treatment, and, perhaps, give you
the names *of some of your friends whom I have cured. •
Send for my beautiful book full of things, a man likes to read if he wants to be a strong man, I send it sealed free If you are a weak woman
send for my book, "Maiden, Wife and Mother," which shows the road to health and happiness for weak woman. Cut out and send this ad.
Dr. M. C. McLaughlin, 906 Market St., s^^Sio
Office hours, 8 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 10 to i. Seattle Office, 105 Columbia Street. Los Angeles, 131 South Spring Street.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
[EROYumE
CIGARS
$&~ fOfiMl MEM
LMILLER&50NS. 153 CHDSBT 5T,N.YTROMSOE Norway. April 0. — It U re-
Ijorted here that WUHatn Zeigler of N>w
York ha« chartered the . Arctic eteainer -M'tl-'
llatn Frithjot bb a provision »hi ji for the
Zclpler Arctic : steamship America.
tify her, I am sure. . The captains don't
bring the ships around the Horn— it is
us poor fellows."
The Edward Sewell, a four-masted
bark, under command of Captain Rich
ard Quick, left Philadelphia November
23 with coal for San Francisco. She
sh'lpped an entire new crew in this city,
among them being Thomas Patton, who
had been a sailor for five years, and
five other Philadelphia youths who had
never before been to sea. They were
Michael Lex, Joseph Bigley, Stephen
Simpson, Harry de Vitt and John Du
rensky. All were under 21 years of age
and were to get $10 a month.
An uncle of Thomas Patton resides
at 1605 Lombard street. He was dum
founded when told of his nephew's
death. He had been expecting a let
ter from him every day. • Patton's
mother and three married sisters re
side here. Their grief was intense
when they learned that he had been
drowned, and they are inclined to dis
believe the statement that he fell" ac
cidentally from* the vessel.
"Why, Tom could climb like a
monkey," said Mrs. Mary Howard, one
of his sisters. . "I don't believe he fell
through any, fault of his own.'.'
Simpson and Duransky, who have
written .to their parents from San
Francisco, do not mention Patton's
name. They say. that a - man was
drowned off Cape Horn, without dwell
ing on the incident. /They were unac
quainted , with "Patton before sailing,
however, which explains, in a measure,
their indifference. No word has yet
been received here from Captain Quick
in regard to the fatality. Captain
Quick bears an excellent reputation
among the sailors and shipping agents
a.rng the Delaware River, fiont.
V It. was rumored yesterday that Chi
namen that 'had .been thrown out
would attempt to set fire, to the;build
lng. v 'Two firemen from thai depart
ment and two, police: officers were sta'
tioned to guard the premises-'
Under direction of Health Officer D.
F. Ragan the Chinatown .wrecking
crew cleaned out the premises at 618
to 626 Jackson street yesterday morn
ing. The place is known as the
."Grand Hotel," and adjoins the fa
mftus "Palace Hotel." More than 400
Chinese were made homeless in order
that the sanitary condition of China
town might be improved.
Foreman John Butler of the wreck
ing crew, acting on Instructions from
Deputy Health Officer Louis Levy,
placed two notices on the entrance, of
the building at 6 o'clock last Friday
night. The inmates were warned that
they must take their belongings, and
themselves to other pastures. The
notices were in Chinese and English
and the Mongolians, who wefe living
in the big structure like sardines,
made preparations to leave. From? 6
o'clock Friday night until 5 o'clock
Saturday morning the placed presented
an animated scene. It was moving
day, and scores of Chinese with their
belongings on their backs departed
from the place. '¦*" "¦*¦¦- ¦/.; - ¦.-'
Promptly; at\ 10 o'clock -yesterday
morning the wrecking crew,; in charge
of Butler and Dr. W..C.Hassler, chief
inspecting physician; began to remove
rubbish and ¦ garbage from* the struck
ture.-^ This was thrown;. on the street
from .windows and doors.
In the house were four opium Joints
and at least 100 families, including
300 laborers bound for- the fisheries in
Alaska.
Health Department Officials Compel
Hundreds of Mongolians to Vacate
Their Premises in Chinatown. : ~
CHINESE ARE DRIVEN
FROM UNSANITARY HOUSE
Tho New Yorkers.
The San Francisco Society of New
Yorkers will hold its quarterly meet
ing in the Occidental Hotel next
Wednesday. After the business meet
ing there will be a smoker. and a pro
gramme of entertainment.
Anthony Ziaka was caught in the
act of rifling the room of T. Sullivan.
33 Fifth street, yesterday and locked
up in the Southern station on a charge
of burglary. Twenty skeleton keys
were found on his person. He was
out on parole from the Juvenile de
partment of the Superior Court.
Sncakthief Is Captured,
The dance the. "Spinsters' Club" is
planning promises to be a merry affair.
The club Includes a dozen of the most
charming members of the younger set,
who. have been enjoying weekly "sew
ing bees" through the winter and have
decided to close the season with a
dance to which their men friends, as
well as -other guests, will be Invited.
Miss Se villa Hayden's home on Madi
son street is to be the scene of action
and Wednesday evening, April 13. Is
the date selected. Miss Hayden will be
assisted in receiving by Miss Katherine
Kutz, Miss Helen Dornin, Miss Ger
trude Russell and Miss Mabel Cooley.
rents, Mr. and Mrs. G. B. Daniels. Miss
Frnnkle Daniels and Karl Auerbach at
tended the happy couple, the ceremony
being performed by .Rev. Miles B.
Fisher of Oak Chapel. The family and
a few intimate friends only were pres-
Miss Alice Danie>.. and iThomas ; P.
Ashcdm s were ;_; married •' last - Tuesday
evening at .the ' home of the ¦ bride's pa-
* . .-'>'• .'.'¦'*
'Mrs. R. . A. . Wellman v and her daugh
ters, Mrs. ?; G. \ F." Beardsley , and • Miss
Ray Wellman,: will -entertain . • on ; the
20th at ' their beautiful home in «' Fruit
vale. •/„¦> U-V'j'ir'U ¦:. ¦'. . ¦ ¦ ' '\ - " ¦¦
• ¦*"_•% * • •
Misa Edna f Barry ' and Miss Mabel
Donaldson, two young ; brf&es-elect.
were honored [guests ataifive hundred
party given by Miss Elsie Everson this
evening.; She was" • assisted * by ¦ Miss
Mollie ' Mathes, Miss LI ta Schlesslnger,
Miss , -May Coogan, : Miss %'Lucretia
Burrihatri,'; ?. Miss »' Ethel -Crellin, Miss
Ethel), Sims, - MissV Edith V Beck, • Miss
Gertrude Davidson,: Miss j Myrtle , Sims,
Miss ¦ Carolyn Palmanteer, Miss Jean
Downey, .Miss Claire .Chabot, Miss
Alice: Treanor,; Miss '.Jane Barry, Miss
•Letltia Barry," M iss Mary , Wilson, Miss
Harriet Emma Knight and Miss Mar
ion ;, Everebn^r ¦¦
Mr. and Mrs. \ Samuel Hubbard en
tertained 'about seventy guests this
evening at cards, the chosen game be
ing five hundred. Their pretty Linda
Vista home was fragrant with spring
blossoms. ', Mrs. Hubbard was assisted
in • receiving her guests ' by Mrs. Will
B. Hubbard, Mrs. Louise Alleitder. Mrs.
Harrison Clay, Miss Julia. Leigh and
Mrs. C. Minor Goodall. . "
During the progress cf the luncheon
the guests were entertained with
French toys that revealed delightful
surprises — musical bonbons, tiny imi
tation cakes filled with prizes and fire
works that neither smoked nor v burned,
but which showered upon the table the
most beautifuW.shooting stars of every
color. Last, but not least; each little
maiden received as a luncheon favor an
exquisite Dresden china doll.
' At the of this never-to-be
forgotten meal j the- merry party •de
voted the remainder of the afternoon
to.variou? games and dancing.
Little Miss Shlel's guests were Misses
Ethel Davis, Vera von der Ropp, Doris
Hadley, Dorothy. Capwell, Flosie Dun
can,' Mildred Wells, Helen Acker, Eliz
abeth Bening of San Francisco, Al
bertine Detrlck and Margaret Moseley.
The decorations were in the palest
shades of pink, yellow and green. Pink
carnations formed the center piece, and
circling ¦ around it were eleven spun
glass swans in little green baskets, one
tor each guest. At each place stood a
tiny "darky" doll, dressed as a cook,
and holding the name card. The table
was lighted with' pink candles, covered
with pale, yellow .shades. • ;
From , beginning to end the dainty
meal was a source of wonder and pleas
ure to, the little people.' The menu was
everything their hearts could desire,
the candles and' even , the . Icecream
carrying out the delicate color scheme
of pink, yellow and green. . * •
OAKLAND, April 9.— One of the most
unique affairs of the week was the
luncheon given yesterday by Miss Sara
Shicls.the little daughter of *Mr. and
Mrs. William Lynham Shiels, at tho
latter's home on Jackson street.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Lulu M. Cogley has brought . an
action for divorce against James F.
Cogley on the ground of de'sertion.
They .were married in 1892. but for
the last vear he has refused to live
with her. " •'¦-- ¦•-^"¦V-.v.-
OAKLAND, April 9. — Suit for di
vorce was begun to-day by Alice M.
Cosseron against Armand M. Cosseron
on the ground of cruelty. She al
leges he struck her with his hat and
otherwise humiliated her. She also
states that he prefers the company of
other women to that of his wife. She
asks to be allowed to resume her
maiden name of Wills. /\V-
A divorce was granted Clara Hum
phrey this morning by Judge Ogden
from Johnson Humphrey on the
ground of extreme cruelty. ',
Tics Are Irksome.
Below the printed words on the mar
gin of the paper is scrawled, evidently
in Lex's handwriting, the sentence: '
"He did not fall. x:e was thrown
over."
The letter is addressed to a local
b*ft'SJ*aper and is as follows:
"SAN FRANCISCO. April 1.— Dear
Sir: Kindly publish this piece in your
paper: Around Cape Horn we lost a
Philadelphia boy overboard. None of
the officers made an attempt to save
him. They did not look back to see if
he was swimming or not. I threw a life
preserver over, but he could not make it.
"His name is Thomas Patton. He
lives somewhere on Wilts street. We
were six Philadelphia boys and it is
the last place an American should go
around— Cape Horn. Nobody spoke a
word for thirty-two days except the
first tind Becond mates. It was their
fault that we lost Torn. I can't write
more, for when I think of Cape Horn It
makt-s me shake. MICHAEL LEX.
*"I wrote this so Tom's mother will
hear that he was lost. They won't no-
The letter was written by Michael
I^ex. who sailed with Patton on the
BetvdL He enclosed a clipping from a
San Francisco newspaper which men
tions th»» arrival of the Sewell at that
port on March 2'J after a stormy trip
of 127 days. It closes with the state
ment: "On February 2 Thomas Patton,
21 years old. fell from the upper topsail
yard into the sea and was drowned."
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. April 9.— A
tragedy of the sea which may never be
fully unfolded is suggested in a letter
received here from San Francisco.
Thomas Patton. a young Philadelphian,
who left here in November as a sailor
on the bark Edward Sewell, was
drowned off Cape Horn, and the letter
intimates that he was the victim, not
of an accident, but of murderous de
eign.
Special Dispatch to The Call
a Victim of Foul Play
Letter Received in Philadel
phia Intimates That a Sail
or From That Citv Was
SUGGESTS
A TRAGEDY
OF THE SEA
While Californians were seeking
shady nooks to court the gentle Pa
cific breezes yesterday afternoon their
fellow countrymen whose misfortune
it is to dvtell on the eastern half of
the continent were shoveling paths in
the snow and carrying hods of coal.
Beyond the Mississippi there were
cold rains, snowstorms and blizzards.
In the Golden State the people were
enjoying one of those days whose
praises Lowell sung. Out here the
flowers bloom and the birds are sing
ing in the trees. Back there the fren
zied storm sylphs shriek their ulula
tions down the chimneys. The thought
of such differences should make us
rest more contentedly than ever on
our couches of rose petals.
Professor McAdie of the Weather
Bureau took down dusty old tomes
from the top shelves yesterday in the
hope of chronicling a record for a" hot
day in April. The statistics, however,
showed that April 14, 1888, and April
12, 18S7. were hotter. The temper
ature yesterday mounted to S3 de
grees. On the other days mentioned
the temperature rose to 88 degrees.
Nevertheless, it was pretty warm.
Our daughters donned their shirt
waists and our sons went down to the
hat stores and had panamas charged
to us. The mahogany rung with coins
and the soda fountains returned their
cost. The fat man's collar wilted and
the slim man v.-as too warm to laugh
about it.
It was all due, according to McAdie,
to the existence of a great area of high
pressure. The disagreeable weather
in the East was due to an area of low
pressure. It was not warm a few
hundred feet in the air. In the stra
tum of atmosphere that enveloped
California the radiations from land
and water were confined and it was
hot in consequence. Throughout the
State the temperature was about eight
degrees above the normal.
McAdie thought that a west wind
was on the way yesterday. When that
arrives the weather will be cooler.
The west wind may come to-morrow,
or perhaps not until Tuesday, but it
will certainly come in the end.
Meanwhile the storms will rage
back there beyond the Mississippi. ;
GRAND FORKS, N. D., April 9.—
The storm seems to be over. Snow fell
without interruption for thirty-six
hours. A warm day will turn all the
snow to water, as there is no frost
in it. Basements here are being va
cated; also the houses on lowlands.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., April 9.—Cen
tral Wisconsin to-day experienced a se
vere blizzard, Interfering- with traffic
in some cases. At Osceola six inches of
snow has fallen and the roads are
drifted full. - ,
The section of country around Fargo,
N. D., is shut out from communication.
Before the single wire .working west
failed last night it was learned that
thirty inches of snow had fallen -at
Fargo, and. that not only the main
lines of the railroads but all the
branches were tied up tightly. From
MapletonJ Minn., to Staples, Minn., a
distance of about 110 miles, it was es
timated that from S0O to 400 telegraph
poles had been blown down" or under
mined by water. Snow, plows are out
in all directions.
Much of the Great Northern's track
age in Eastern Montana is under a
foot of water and there is danger of
washouts at many places. The Mis
souri and Milk rivers are both out of
their banks and steadily rising. For
many miles on either side of the traqks
from Willis to Westward there is deep
water. The Northern Pacific is badly
demoralized.
HELENA. Mont., April 9.— An April
blizzard, bringing with it from two to
two and a. half feet of snow and sleet,
has practically isolated Western Min
nesota and a large section of North
Dakota. The storm,' which raged with
great fury from Thursday evening un
til late yesterday afternoon, not only
completely blockaded the railroads
with huge drifts, but so prostrated the
telegraph service' that lit probably will
be two weeks before it is restored.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, April 9.— With
ten millions of people directly and in
directly interested in agricultural pur
suits, the Co-operative Farm Ma
chinery and Implement Company of
North America has been . organized
with a capital stock of $5,000,000.
Backed by the National Grange, which
takes $1,500,000 of the stock, the possi
bilities of this tremendous enterprise
are almost limitless.
William N. Whiteley, former "Reap
er King," with S. H. Ellis and R. L.
Holman, National Grangers, are at the
head of the company. Work on the new
shops will be started by June 1, and
within a year several thousand men
will be employed.
Since the announcement of the for
mation of -the company letters have
been received by Whiteley from manu
facturing companies in ten States of
the Union." They want to become affil
iated with his ¦¦' company, which is
backed by the grangers, in the fight
against the trusts. These letters have
come without solicitation and show
that tho manfacturers recognize' the
importance of having farmers directly
interested in such an enterprise, which
is for their mutual benefit.
Whiteiey says that the manufactur
ers feel that it is too expensive to con
tinue the fight for trade against each
other. By coming under one company,
like this, backed by the farmers, much
of the expense incurred in maintain
ing separate enterprises will be abol
ished and this will result in enabling
the farmers to purchase their imple
ments for less money and at the same
time get a higher grade of machinery.
Special. Dispatch to The Call.
Atlantic States Suffering
From Cold While Califor
nia Basks in the Sunshine
Blizzard Piles Snow in High
Drifts and Puts an End
to All Railroad Traffic
Give Substantial Aid to
the Big Enterprise That
Is to Fight the Trusts
APRIL STORM
IN NORTHWEST
SHOVEL SNOW
IN THE EAST
COMPARISONS OF CLIMATE.
FARMERS BACK
NEW COMPANY
at her home, .where she entertained the
young! people .wiio comprised. . Dr. J.
Niyerson \ Force's bowling party. The
guests bowled' from 8 until 11 o'clock,
after which they proceeded to Miss
Burns* home. The table decorations
were Jonquils, and everything was per
fectly arranged for the comfort and
pleasure of the guests.
Those in the party were Miss Jean
Pedlar, i Miss Florence . Rochat, Miss
Ada Clarke, Miss Ellen Page, -Miss
Florence Boyd, Mrs. Clarke, Mrs. RIs
leyf Dr.' J. Ni version Force, Dr. Rob
ert Burns, Frank Southack, Marshall
Dill, H. F. Stoll, Dr. Homer Craig and
Dr. H. at. Simmons.
An informal bowling party on Fri
day evening comprised the following:
Mr. and Mrs. Irving F. Moulton, Mr.
and Mrs. George W. Caswell, Mr. and
Mrs. Z. S. Cather, Mr. and Mrs. Martin
Regensberger, Dr. and Mrs. A. Hazle
hurst, Mr. and Mrs. F.J, Cooper, Mr.
and Mrs: A. B. Davis, Mr. and Mrs.
George W. Smith, Dr. and Mrs. Pierce,
Mr. and Mrs. T. A. Graham, , Mr. and
Mrs. G. W. Luce and Mr. and Mrs. J.
H. MasterBon. Supper was served .af
ter the game and the guests' departed at
a late hour. •
Mr. A. G. Stoll was host at a little
bowlingr party on Thursday evening,
where he. pleasantly entertained a few
friends.
Miss Jessie Burns was hostess at a
very prelty supper on Monday evening
The Misses de Young presided with
their usual charm over the ice cream
and soda booth, Miss Helen wearing
a fetching frock of white lawn, while
her pretty debutante sister was dain
tily gowned in pale blue.
Ducats must have come in plenty, if
the crush meant anything. Miss Phe
lan, charmingly gowned Jn black chif
fon, did a land-offlce business in her
refreshment booth. And who was
there who. during the hours of the
reception, didn't o'erdo the regulations
of union service in the amount of work
turned out? But the cause— ah! there
lies the incentive! And happy to-day
are the maids and matrons who stood
their watches so faithfully.
There were Miss Butler, Miss Burnett
and Miss Sheridan, demure and cool in
white; Miss Gorman in the tones of a
pale pink rose; Miss Collier* in blue,
like the flowers she gave to menfolk.
So, too, was Miss Ethel Hager in
blue— blue chiffon, and a close rival she
would make to Greenbaum should the
clever maiden compete with him as im
presario.
Miss W. Dean be the fact proclaimed.
Miss Dean further distinguished her
self by appearing in a pretty frock of
pink lawn. ¦ *
Such a bewildering kaleidoscope of
colors those maidens wore.
"l.*nder the greenwood' tree
Who Jovos to lie with me. -
And tur.e his nierry note
t'nto the sweet bird's throat, -
Come hither, come hither, come hither."
So sang the merry maidens who parti
j cipated in the garden fete on the green
! sward of the Phelan home yesterday
. afternoon. That their notes swelled
j lcud on the soft spring air and lured
j from desk, and — dare I say.it? — the
1 track— for know ye, the Burlingame
j ponies ran at the same hour— was am
ply evidenced by the fine sprinkling of
j menfolk. the good, dear. men
j folk, without whom womankind is
lost and yet won't tell them so. and
! whose ducats are 50 necessary to make
j s show "go" — even a garden party —
that Is, when it's for a charity, when
it's the dollars rather than the gowns
and accessories that count.
Somewhere in empyrean spheres, the
day was fashioned— part sun. part- haze,
all beauty, a symphony in pink and.
gray— and it fell upon the grass that
rivals close the soft swards of Erin.
A white tent rose from the emerald
floor, wherein clever monologrues were
given by Miss Eleanor Haber; songs,
and sweet ones, by Mr. Borghese, Mrs.
"Wand and Signor Russo, while the
dear children, Miss Gracier and her
; brother, gave some fascinating dances.
And the tea! Now, here was a dis
: tinct revelation — tea that one could
swallow without a silent imprecation
upon the brewer — and to the honor of
IJY SALLY SHARP.
GREEN SWARD OF PHELAN HOME |S
PRESENTS AN ANIMATED PICTURE
/THE SAN FRANCISCO ;GALL,-SUNDAYv'APRIiaio;U9O4.
38
ADVEBTISEldXIITa.
mmm»msmmmmmstmtni,H*>i tn^mi. wsmsmsmamsssamm
Tb« one object of tfcls anoounrrment to to (bow
XtoMX fKEE TUIAL botlk* of :
MARY T. GOLDHflN'S
GRAY HAIR RESTORER
w 111 briar h»<-V the orlrinnl rolor of trruj and
r*<iti hmir »j>d »UI leave the hair cl««n. fluffy
end natural. It K«» b* urdlsirHl «nrt f • ihrrr.
tnrr harmlm. >oln dye. fc" t r»t«ln are tbe
rrmlu th»t tre »re perfectly • iilmp to i**t any
fHiactble tutor* •»;«•» upon V hat c»n be drmon-
•trated with tbese trial bottle*. Can « e Oo any.
tlilnir more fair! Rend lOcenti In rtarop» to cover
fiorutre. Seod fall ntnc and add re » and be rare
M t»!l ut t be original color of your hair, also aend
•ample of fealr. Address
MARY T. C.OLDMAN.
327-3^0 Goldman BUf., BU I'anl, Klsa.
Urn Kttfit SI, Prepaid. Vt km tpot* la •nrj citjr.
>OTICr- Iteo»ttn«S5cf«>re»fryrree»anipl«
bntUe w« aen4 oot. If »• did oot hare a prepar-
ation that oill fell on ft* tnerltn later, cotild we
afford tliU method of lotrodnruoDl
T»r »!e by
World Oraz Co.. S15 Market st. 1
Zth> Drua- Store. 122U Market rt. I
Ooidateln & Cohn <Halr Store). S22 Mkt *t. |
__________ ADVERTISEMENTS.
- :^^« " GREW THIS HASH
And we can PR0VE iT -
•O \\jWp^fflM^^| you waat y6ur halr t0 B f0W THICK and LONG
¦S wWffllmfli ¦ ' DANDERINE
¦J2 Eli>mm \-wMi -or v ls the remed y y°« fco obiiced to u<*.
S5 Umwffliik W» navo » standing ofier to wager SI.O00 that It Is tho only
*• iffil^JSH "AIR TONIC
m IL^mWi iViwraw °° tn ° market to - da r that will rosltlvely stop and cure
' lmm$Wm& HA8R grow
£ I^SMsWlWt \ fflattffii ' - Average growth m In. per month lor twenty consecutive
< l-MmSslasW vviwnMA. • _ By pcnnlssJon wo herewith reproduco photoeraph of iltss
l9mMKm-\wSmk 8 *!; a . U M »°Comb. a lady who has lived la Chicago Pall her ire
/ W&mffl>$ WttJm $?£* Y e L^ n0WI l l!l the clt y- especially on the South Side.
L H)H -'I ISWlWOT IIe / h * lr w l »f ore she commenced tho uso of Danderico would
i £«WMH^'-&«v«liA wi rea S h l0 7 her wa J^ £> whll ° now lt touches the floor
ftfSfiffiiinl when »ho stands erect. ThisremarlablezrowthJs the result
' P G^fflWtt ;: «^marly as D a Cres^ln h0 grandest of al1 ba ' r scal P toaics '
It Cave Hep Hair New Ufa
t - . , — i;-. »nd iwUl do the same for you If you gtvo It a fair trUL* Dan-
•¦ . compatod to It, as U is founded on new Ideas altogether.
SHE IS WILLING TO SWEAR TO IT.
b W ° tho foUowIng letter:
¦^; ; ; MOW, at all druggists In three slzas, 25 cent«. 50 cents and S1.00 per bottle.' -
for sale and .'guaranteed ;by REDINCTpIva 'CO., "Wholesale'- Agents
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Miss Rose Hennessy, well
known as a poetess and elocu-
tionist, of Lexington, Ky., tells
how she was cured of uterine
inflammation and ovaritis by the
use of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound.
" De ab Mrs. Piskham : —For years I
enjoyed the best of health and thought
that Iwould always do so. I attended
parties and receptions thinly, clad, and
would be suddenly chilled, but did
net think of - the ¦ results. ; I caught I a
bad cold eighteen months ago' .while
menstruating, and this caused inflam-
mation: of the; womb and congested
ovaries. I suffered excruciating pains
and kept getting worsen My attention .
was called to your Vegre table Com-
pound and the wonderful cures it had
performed, and I made /up my mind to
try it -for two months and see what it;
" would do for me. VWithin one month T\
.felt much better, and at the close of the
second I was entirely vwell.;. .; ;- . • .
"I have advised ' a (of Z iny,
lady, friends toTuso - it/ and" all "express
themselves as]well*satisfied^with;the
results ; as I was." ~ Miss Rose Nora.
Henitesst,"410 vS.f Broadway/ Lexing-'
ton, Ky. — $SOCO forfeit If original of aboae let- '
Ur proving genuineness cannot bs produced.'
SUPERFLUOUS HAIR
And all ; other , facial : blemishes ¦ are ; removed ; by ¦
DR. and Mrs. A. 1 . W.^TRAVERSE. ' Donoho-
buildingr,ill70 Market street.' cor. Taylor, rootua
28-29. -with the electric needle, without pain or
sear; permanency guaranteed: hours 1 to 4 p.m.-
ADVEBTISEMEirTS.
4 DAYS ENOUGH
¦
/jSt|^ To restore your
£3P'eSJ'8: crav or faded
S^^^s* « ra ' youthful
¦ -^j«ii ¦*•>¦¦':£*'¦ V color with Mrs.
'$ * ' jP Nettie H a r -
>' .'^r ¦ -¦- - rison's 4 - day
K -;-v ' '- " ¦"< Hair Restorer.
"-- -~ - Not a dye, but
« „ a liarmlcss prc-
f^f^U*^ paration that
i!i*«tZ*<(,,~ leaves the hair
free from sediment. Cleanly to
use Xo inconvenience. $1.00.
BEAUTY CULTIVATED
Wrinkles, Freckles, Pimples,
El2ckbs2ds, Blotches and
Sailowness REMOVED
Mrs. Nettie Harrison's
LOLA MONTEZ CREME
Th? Skin Food M Tissue
Bonder. \
This invigorating and marvelous
preparation restores the complex-
ion in a bhort lime to its former
youthful condition. Prevents
Wrinkles, feeding the Hungry
Skin and Muscles, One applica-
tion of the Skia Food acts like a
charm. S0.75 Jar lasts three
months. All Druggists.
rr\ • * Ladies out of city send-
1 ri3i! ns: i *" s ad - uith io . ccms
* "*** in stamps, will receive a
v book of instructions and a
OU1 L O L A MOXTEZ
CREME and Face Powder Free.
IS. NETTIE HARRISON
DEBXATOX.OQXST,
140 GEARY ST., San Francisco,
Opp. City of Paris.
"QUEEN OF QUELPARTE,"
The novel everybody is talk-
Ing ¦ about, everybody wants,
bccause_it is not only histori-
cally true, but thrilllngly ab-
sorbing.
$1 50 BOOK FOR 20 CENTS.
Second, installment in the
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
The breath or lire that In-
duces refreshing sleep can be
had in the cool outside rooms
advertised to-day.
Read the ROOMS TO LET
columns — then investigate.
' '¦¦'-¦ . -:¦• ¦ : »- ¦ : - ¦¦_¦;• • :.:,'. NEWMAN & LEVIXSOX.. ¦ :._¦•„¦ ¦- - - ¦" - : •'. .- ¦: '-',_,_,.
II - ©M»V(\^ v
kearny and Sutter Sts. '^^ >^^\7mmS&
A Most Exceptional Sale Monday of
Changeable Taffeta Silks
Regular $1.00^Quality at 50c Yard
, This is without a doubt the most important sale that this department has yet announced —
6000 ya/ds of Handsome Taffeta Silks are. involved, comprising over 30 different colorings in the
most exquisite two-toned effects. They are the kind of silks most wanted just now for Summer
Shirt Waist Suits, Drop Skirts, Petticoats, Children's Dresses, etc. We have never offered
a 'handsomer lot of goods and we urge you to come early, as they are regular $1.00 £n
Silks for....... ;........ :,................ UC
$2;00 J. B. Corsets at $LG0 Pair ;¦ cKS.r»
-We offer to-morrow several hundred pairs of the Celebrated J. B. Corsets at exactly half price.
The J.B. is the Corset universally indorsed and recommended by dressmakers as the one which
will insure the most perfect fit to a garment. This saleincludes several models, in straight front
with low busts, dip and short hips. They are made of best quality French batiste, sateen
and coutilie in white, gray, black, pink and blue, also some in pretty figured sateen — tfw r\r\
sizes 18 to 30— Corsets that sell regularly at $2.00 per pair. To-morrow's price only 4>>»UU
A Great Veiling Purchase
* ¦ __ , __ __ .,. c-nr j« t~~*f~\ ¦ ¦ /First Ploor\
35c and 50c Vcilmgs, cTWonday at 2Oc (Ke"ru y st.)
We secured from one- of .the leading manufacturers of Europe an immense quantity of fine
Veilings at half price and less, and the gain shalfbe yours. The assortment is most diversified and
includes Chenille Dotted Veilings, Chiffon Veilings, Black and White Combination Veilings, new
effects in Border Veilings, Plain Tuxedo Veilings in black, brown, navy, etc. — in a wide
variety of patterns. Allnew and up to the moment in style. Values from 35c per yard Jfl r
to 50c. All on sale Monday atone price, per yard...
Handsome Ribbons, 25c Yard Ladies' Crocheted Slippers
w (Main Aisle Kearny St.) (Third Floor Kearny St.)
1500 yards of Silk Novelty Ribbons are In this offering. These pretty Crochet Slippers are made by hand of the
Exquisite Dresden, French . Plaids, Stripes and Polka t best. grade of 8-fold Germantown wool, with Peerless
Dot effects, In all the popular color combinations— 3 # to soles. Colors brown, gray and pink. They are worth
' 5 inches wide— suitable for Millinery, Belt, Sash and S1.00 a pair, but we have only sizes 4. 5 and 7 left and to
Neck Ribbons— real values 40c and 50c— Sale prica close out the stock, we make the price, for Monday
25c Yard 65c a Pair
Ladies' Wash Belts in Great Variety es)
.All the popular styles to be worn with summer suits are here. We never had so many to show
you— and prices are most moderate : .
White Pique Belts, made with latest double tab «, A/% Belts of fine White Oxfords and Cheviots, in the Q -
effect In front, gilt or nickel buckles, each .iUC new girdle "long waist" effect, each.....: v? iC
White Wash Belts, In pretty basket weave with Linen Crash Belts, in tan or gray, neatly bound t nft
•Persian colored edges. Fine value at O3C with fancy fagotting, excellent style at, each...
Curtains and Draperies for Summer Homes 0«£S).
If the house needs brightening with pretty Curtains or Draperies, you won't find it difficult to
select from the large and choice variety that we now show. We submit four very attractive values
for Monday.
Madras Cottage. Curtains, In ecru ground with pretty Cretonnes, 36 inches wide, in new floral designs, par-
colored cross stripes — 42 inches wide and 3 <•< rn tlcularly adapted for bed drap:ry and curtains; 4 —
yards iong; real value $2.00 pair, at .......... 3> 1 «5w special at, per yard llC
Snowflake Curtains In tan ground with blue, "green or Art Tickings— prettier than ever— 36 Inches wide in whire
old rose stripes, worth regularly $4.00 per a^ -jg ground with green, delft, yellow or pink flower n
i pair. Our special price. ... designs. Fine value at, per yard. • jUC
Shopping by Mail Made Easy with our New Spring: Catalogue. Write for a Copy, we mail it FRERHerbert O. Rodgers, to whom was
assigned by the National Baseball
Club a claim against \V. F.' Ely for
$500, yesterday filed a suit to recover
the money. It has been due, the com
plainant alleges, since last April.
Kly Is Sued for $500.
Joseph A- Wilson, past president of
El Capitan Council of, the National
Union, received notice yesterday that
the senate officers of the order have
appointed him general deputy of the
order for California, vice J. N\ Bunt
ing, resigned. Mr. Wilson is one of
the most active workmen the order
has 'ever had "in this city. '
National Union Deputy.
Commissioner of Public Works
Woodward and City Attorney Long
held a conference yesterday rel
ative to the correspondence that
has passed between the board
of directors of the Modesto and
Turlock irrigation boards and the lo
cal Board of Supervisors regarding
the application of San Francisco for
water rights on the Toulumne River,
which iH now before Congress.
After a lengthy discussion it was
decided to send communications to
the irrigation boards asking them to
appoint committees and to set a date
for a meeting with the local commit
tee to arrive at some definite conclu
sion in the matter. As it stands now
Commissioner Woodward Is of the
opinion that the two irrigation boards
demand altogether too much for the
waiver of their water rights and a
compromise may be necessary before
taking active proceedings.
Local City Officials Seek Conference
on Matter of Water Rights on
the Tuoluranc River.
ASK IHRIGATIOX BOAKDS
TO SET DAY FOR MEETING
Judge Kerrigan made an order yes
terday distributing to the heirs of
Caroline Heyn the estate of Ernest
Heyn, which has been in litigation for
a number of years. The last claimant
was the State, which came in with a
petition that the estate be escheated.
The property is valued at $6883.
Distributes Ilojn Estate.
Pacific Parlor of the Native fc»onp of
the Golden West has decided to put a
candidate ::i the field for the office of
PT:md trust etj at ihe session of the
(."rand Parlor to be held' in Vallejo
this month. The one selecte.d is their
past president. Dan A. Ryan, the sil- j
vet toncned orator of the parlor.
Native Sons Trustee.
Mi-s. Lord's Will Is Filed.
In addition to the programme thus
outlined the local committee has ar
ranged a number of side entertain
ments and trips for the pleasure of
those visitors that may wish to take
advantage of them between the time
of adjournment of the grand bodies
and the hour fixed for the events on
the regular programme.
Governor Pardee's wife will be in
Fresno during the sessions of the De
gree of Honor. *
On Thursday there will be winding
up of the business in both organiza
tions and in the evening there will be
a reception to the delegates and of
ficers of both organizations in the hall
of the Ancient Order of United Work
men.
Wednesday will be devoted exclu
sively to business in both bodies up to
the noon hour.
In the afternoon there will be a
trolley ride to enable the delegates and
grand officers to see Fresno and its
surroundings. In the evening, under
the direction of the Grand Lodge,
there will be work in the initiatory de
gree for the purpose of exemplifying
the ritual, this to be followed by a re
ception by the ladies of the Degree of
Honor in the Ancient Order of United
Workmen Hall.
| GRAND LODGE OP WORKMEN*
! MLICTS TUESDAY IN* FRESNO
Programme of Business and Kntcr
taimiu'iit for Gi-and Officers and
Delegates Is Completed.
The Grand Lodge of the Ancient Or
der of United "Workmen, to be held
this year in Fresno, will open for busi
ness on Tuesday next and the same
day the district convention of the De-
I gree of Honor will be in session.
To-morrow morning all the dele
pates to the grand body who will start
for tlrfe convention city from this point
will leave by special train at 8:30
I oVlock. On arriving at Fresno at 3:30
o'clock in the afternoon they will be
met by a reception committee and
escorted to their quarters. The head
quarters of the Grand Lodge will be
at ihe Hughes Hotel. In the evening
j there will be a reception by the citi
j zens of the city In Armory Hall, where
Mayor Stevens will deliver an address
| of welcome. Governor Pardee, who is
a member of the order, will be in at
tendance.
On Tuesday the two bodies of the
order will open for business at 10
o'clock in the forenoon and among the
distinguished spectators will be Su
preme Foreman William M. Xarvis of
Iowa. In the evening there will be a
grand ball and banquet. During the
early part of the evening of that day
there will be an exhibition drill by the
degree team of the Degree of Honor
and the conferring of the Mogulion
degree by the Past Masters' Associa
tion.
Regulations Regarding Ven
tilation and Sanitation Are
to Be Made Very Severe
The charter provides that an em
ploye of the municipal government
must be a resident of this city. While
there is a grave doubt as to whether
the charter governs the administration
of the school department, the Directors
believe that it is a good provision to
follow, and on that account, if for no
other, it will be adopted.
The rule on ventilation will be made
extremely rigid by the board and penal
ties will be imposed for its violation.
The Directors are of the opinion that
ventilation is one of the most impor
tant factors in the proper education of
the pupils. The rule will require that
the temperature of a classroom shall
be kept at a designated degree with
out variation. To that end there will
be suspended from the ceiling in the
center of each classroom a thermom
eter, so that the teacher may observe
the exact state of the temperature.
Rules affecting the sanitary condi
tions of the school buildings will also
be adopted 1 and principals will be held
responsible in such matters. .
The rules the Board of Education
has been revising for the last two
months are now in the hands of the
printer and will be formally adopted at
the next meeting of the board.
Some inconvenience has been expe
rienced in the past, owing to teachers
being unable to reach their schools on
time when it is foggy or stormy on
the bay. • While such experiences have
been very few, still the board reasons
that if all the teachers would conclude
to live across the bay there would be
some days in the year when the open
ing of school would be delayed for one
hour and sometimes more. While this
argument has not altogether been the
cause of the favoring of the proposed
new rule, It is regarded as one in its
favor.
The Board of Supervisors in its pend
ing: revision of the rules governing the
conduct of the public school depart
ment is preparing tu incorporate a rule
requiring principals, teachers, janitors
and, in fact, all employes under its
jurisdiction to reside In Chis city.
The proposed rule will affect some
fifty teachers in the local department
who, live in Alameda, pakland, San
Mateo, Berkeley, Fruitvale, Sausalito
and Palo Alto. The rule to be adopted
contemplates fnaking it prohibitory for
school employes to live anywhere, else
but in San Francisco. Under the rule
such employes who live in suburban
towns must move to this city.
The board is of the opinion that the
interests of the department will be bet
ter subserved by requiring teachers tu
live here. The fact that they are earn
ing their money here seems to be an
argument in favor of the new regula
tion, regarded from the home rule point
of view.
GUIDED BY CHARTER
School Board to Adopt Rule
Forbidding Employes to
Live in Outside Cities
TUTORS MOST
RESIDE HERE
THE SAN FRAiSiCISCO CALL, SuaDAY, APRIL 10, 1004.
39
The will of Anna Lord was filed for
probate yesterday. It disposes of an
ostate worth JC400. Of this amount
$3000 goes to Elizabeth Watson, sister
of the deceased, and $1000 to Eliza
Lord, widow of a son of the deceased.
The lesidue of the estate goes to Mrs.
V. itsous children; Annie McLaugrh'.in.
a niece, and James and Marie Whip
l>lc.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI S®,
TO-NIGHT. \fi\
LAST TIME - f» ¦ I ¦ I
Of the Successful U I ft |/ III B ft \f
Musi^Comedy. I I U l\ If I U l\
BEGINNING TO-MORROW, -f -f
MONDAY EVENING, APRIL J L
A SUPERB I II U " \ i
TIVOLI
REVIVAL RP(TffRr
OF MILLOECKER'S Q Q **
j Great Comic Opera.
== Stuxient
nvith A SUPERB CAST and the Famous
• BEAUTY CHORUS.
Ueual Tlvoll Prices— 2r>c, COc, 75c.
Box Seats and Mezzanine Heats, $1.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CALIFORNIA
fa ONE MORE WEEK. BBH.
The farce that has made millions \|
laugh. |
McFADDEN'S
FI ATS I
Kntire Orlslnal Company as seen for G
200 nights In New York; 100 nights In fi
Chicago. fc
! Don't miss the "Yellow Kids," fun- £
nlest little fellows you have ever seen. |
NEXT— ROSE COG H LAN C
_ IN THE GREATEST THING IN *
A V /"^ A f7 A T^ Uelasco & Mayer
ALGAZAR essks!
General Manager.
LAST MATINEE TO-DAY
LAST TIME TO-NIGHT
Of Augustus Thomas' Comedy,
TO-MORROW NIGHT— ALL WEEK
Clyde Fitch's Comedy Success,
THE FRISKY MRS. JOHNSON
FIRST STOCK PRODUCTION.
Evs 25c to 7."c; Mats. Sat. & Sun, 23c to .">0c.
April 18— The Great Comedy, "THE NEW
CLOWN."
Market street, near Eighth. Phone South 503.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT LAST TIME
The Maunlncent Spectacular Dramu,
AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS.......
TO-MORROW NIGHT- ALL NEXT WEEK.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
The Powerful Sensational Drama.
"In the arids of t'neclriemy."
A Tremendous V Success Everywhere.
pni/»-re EveningsT. ...10c to SOc
lillVLJ Matinees... -.lOc,, 15c,*25o
WE'AitiwAYS MAKE GOOD.
i : B^Ej^[!BSEEJP?.;|
Declared by the Theater-goers, to Be the Finest -
\ • ' of ¦ All Funny.v Musical .-.Successes.
The ,"AU-Star" ¦ Cast,
The. Chorus^Who; Could Be. Stars, :
The Scenery "and "Costumes- That Excel,
The Music and. Specialties That Have Not Been
•"¦-¦:• >-r .Equaled. • , ¦
Nights— 25c. 80c and 75c Saturday and Sun-
day - Matinees — 25c , and 00c. : Children at Mati-
nees— 10c ' and; 25c. .;*•.•-—'> •" - ..<• ,*.- '¦' ,.
Return to Pure'Fun.'; MONDAY, APRIL 18.
,'•*' CHOW CHOW,
An < Uproariously ,; Funny : Burlesaue.
PABK
P. J. SEILLY ...^ JnOgm
JAS. r. OKACS Slipper
TO-DAY, SUNDAY, APRIL 10.
GRAND NATIONAL
CHAMPION STAKE
First Contest— Best Three In FIts.
Rector vs. Pocatelli
' -1^— ALSO
CLASSIC RESERVE STAKE
64— Nominations — 64
~f0TAT<M[:nn "TOTAL
WE (pjJIlU PURSE
TRArN" SERVICE:
Leaves Third and Townaend streets 10:15
a. m.. 11 a. m., 12 m. and 1 p. in.: Twenty-flith
and Valencia streets five. minutes later. Re-
turning at -4:45 p. m. and after the last course.
San Mateo electric cars every tour minutes
during the day. . ; • -¦
Racing lii8H§> Ftaclng!
OAKLAND RACE TRACK
NEW CALTFOKNIA JOCKET CLTJB.
Kaclas Each VrTeek Da-. Bain or Silas.
Six oe More Races Daily.
Races commence at 2:15 p. m. sharp}
For special trains stopping at th« track taka
S.' P.' Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 13:3a
1 :0O. 1 :5O or S o" clock. - No smoklns In last two
cars, which ar» reserved for ¦ ladles aad tbelr
escorts. -• • ' . ;'•"
-Returninc trains leave track at 4:10 and
4:45 and Immediately after tha last race.
•r- THOMAS 1L "WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
* -•;'. ' — —- y
JTHE SWI3I3nXG MATE.
By Albert Sonnichsen.
I^ist of the thrillins series of.
idcep sea vagabond tales.
XEXT. SUNDAY'S CALL
; AMUFEMENTS.
2 Week Commencing THIS AFTER= %
e NOON, April 16. a
!§ A BIG BANNER BlLLi
O m Ci&vS °
I FOUR MORTONS, I
2 SAM, KITTIE. CLARA AND PAUL. ?
9 The Favorite Family of Funmakers. w
First Appearance "lri:Thls City of the 5
O Noted Playwright, •
I EDMUND DAY, g
3 With His COMPANY, %
® In His Latest. Comedy Creation, 2
© ¦•Shipmates." ®
I TLLIS^JOWLAiTfRlor f ;
(A Eccentric Comedy Acrobats. Q ;
I fToIdleI I
q The Gifted Cantatrlcc q
X Famous European Rope Performers. ¥
I ImIuMargjnT I
O Presentlns "An Evenlnc In Persia." Q
© Third* and Last Week of •
I JAMES H. GULLEN, 1
O "The FSrty From the West." Q
Q ' tb
8 GRPHEUM MOTION PICTURES I
® the Latest Novelties. ®
%} fg
S Last Week of the Original, the Ills- 2
© . toHcal O
I BLIND TOM, - 1
© The Wonderful Ne^ro Pianist. ©
© Regular Matinees [Every Wednes- ©
® ilay, Thursday, Saturday and Sunday. O
g Prices 10c. 2Sc and 50c. Q
ISGhumann-Heink I
FAREWELL I
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME. M
NEXT SUN JAY AFT:RNO3H,APR1LI7 1
AT 8:30. I ii
TIVOLI OPERA HOUSE I
POPULAn PRICES: W !
50c. $1. 51.50. ¦ ' Sb
Seats at Shennan, Clay & Co.'s H
Wedntaday. ; |Q
MEGHANICSV PAVILION
TO-DAY, 2:13. .... . . . .TO-KIQHT, 8:15.
-. : ¦ ¦ • . • :.,?
i Last Times of
NORRIS & ROWE'S
NEW BIG SHOWS
A SEW CTBCUS TKBOTJOHOUT. , ,
Admission— Adults, 25c; Children.: 15c. , Re-
served : Seats— Adults. • 50c; Children. 25c - Box
Seats. $1. '
Seats on Sale • af Mechanics' Pavilion.
MISCELIiANEOTJS AMUSEMEifTS.
SAN FRANGISGO 'Si^^
BY AUTOMOBILE ¦^BSfcjK
MOBILE CAKBIAGS CO.V
GOLDEN GATE A VE. \ and GOUGH : ST. -
' • ¦ Phone Private Exchange 770.' . -
Downtowt Offlces— Court . Palace Hotel:
i L«bby St. Francis HoteL -
CCZAi: TRAVEL.
a _ ri _ ri _.^ _. w| .-i_-^t_^-_^-._^ _ u.^-_t.^ --i_-^.-_^.- u ri. I
S<\r- 7>\ Stear:crE leave Broadway
y^NViXj^qX -«l:ar-.ei-. Pier* 9 and 11.
/»5/ "Ttl\ £aT1 Francisco.
/ft '?&¦»» $r» -J\ Kor Kctchikan. Wr«nsel.
i YQrv-»^ \ \ Juaeau. Haines. Ekaguay.
\ I *A : ' *tx.. Alatka— 11 a. m.. Apr.
W\ V^»-tf / *• It'. 15. M. *a. 30. May 3.
\^V^_ '"V/ Change to Company's slum-
tor Victoria. Vancouver.
I • rt Til HI II II P. Seattle. Tacona, Everett. Bel-
: ?..«n.- :i a. m.. Apr. 5. 10. 1Z. 20. 23. 30.
May 6. Change at Seattle to this company'*
iicamen for Alaska and G. N. Ry. : at S?attl«
<t T^'juta* to N. P. Ky. ; at Vancouver to C. P.
By.
For ri-rtka rilumbcl^t Bay>— Poracna. 1:30
I. rn.. Apr. 4. 10, 16. Z2. 2». May 4. SpoVane.
1 M p. m.. Apr. 1. 7. 13 19. I'D. May I.
Kcr Ixje Angles (via Port Los Anrelei and
"Odcr-.d;.), San DlesiO and Santa Barbara. — t>*n-
la Hi ih, guniayj:. 9 ». m.
Frau cf Califom'a. Thur»day». 9 a. m.
For Loe Angrelee <vla San Tedro and East
Fan Pedro). Santa Earbcra. Santa Crux, Mon-
icrcy, t-nr\ Simeon. Cajxcy. Port llarford (San
I-ult Obiypo). Ventura and Huenerae.
i-ama Cruz, a a. m.. Apr. 10. (freight only.)
Bocita. 0 a. m.. Apr. 5. 13. S3. 29. May 7.
Kcr 3:r.sena(3a. MaRdalena Bay, £an Jo«e del
Cabo. Maratlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Ro-
faha. ciuaymae (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each
reontb. Kor further Information obtain folder.
Rlebt is reserved to chans« etcaracr» cr sailir*
C t T-»
TlCErT omCES — 4 New Montffom-
*ry et (Palace Hot»"!». 1" MnrkPt rt. and Broad-
vay wharves, rrelg^it Offlce, 10 Market st.
C. D. Dl*XANN, G«n»ral Pa*?»nj;er A^ent.
10 Market 6t.. fian *FVanci»co.
Th* Psc'.flc Tranefer Co., 20 Satter et., w!Il
call for and check bafrraKt from l-.otel» aad
•ret'.dencea. Teitphonc Exchange 312.
—AND—
ST. MICHAEL
THE Al FAST
S. S. ST. PAUL
CAPTAIN C. E. UXDQCXST.
<Cair>in»r V. S. MailF.)
T'ROM f-AN KItANCISCO DIUECT.
JUME 2. .. 2, F*. W\.
"'onncctics with the Company's Steamers for
AK "---RING K30A POIN'TH, and at St.
Michael with the Company' ¦ Rlvr StPam«>rs
for r«irbank* and all points on KOYL'KLK.
TANA N A *«n.: XVKOX RIVERS.
Kor 1'relcht and P:!*ra(;» > Apply tn
•JOETES235* COSC2ZE5CIAZ. CO^
J,2J Oro**!*"!' build'uc Ci>r. Mlrtton and New
Montscmery »>ta.. San Francisco.
O. /?- St N. CO.
Cr.EGON tails April 7. 17. 27. May 7. 17
and 27. OEO. TV. ELDER sails April 12. 22. j
Max 2. 12 and 22. Only steamehip line to !
"POITTL.AND, OR., and ahort rail line from
Portland to all i-olr.t» But. Thruurh tickets
to all oolntis. Kteamer tickets include berth
end Eira!*. Stfamer falls foot of Spear *t.. at '
U a. tn. !=. K. BOOTH. Gen. Act. Pass.
D*pt.. 1 Mor.tsomery rt. : C. CLIFFORD. Gen.
ASttit Fr»>irht l>ept., 3 Montsomery rt.
STEAMER BRUNSWICK
Wlil le«v-
SI1ES1OX-BT. WHARF at 2 t». m.
To-Day for rort Bragg
r«wns»r» only.
oceasies.5.co. s-^-s
B. 6. VENTURA, lor Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
lst.d and Sydney. Thur.. Apr. 14. 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Apr. 23. 11 a.m.
f? S. ALAMEDA. for Honcluju. Apr. 23. 11 a.m.
MLSFEECEELS S: BEOS. CO.,A£ts.,TxCi:£i OiSCE 643 KlT-
COKPAGKIS GEKEBALE TEAKS ATL ANTIC C£.
OIBECT LINE TO HAVIiE-PAlUS. f^il
1 baling even' Thursday incfead" of -*S U '^*XV
«-aiurC«y. at 10 a. m.. Irora Pier 4i ¦•• ¦¦•*¦?- -
f»orth lttv«r. loot of JJcrton fX.
Iirst claeii to Havre. fTO and upward. S*<?-
or.4 cXtitx to Havre. ?i3 and upward. CEN-
tltAL AGENCY FOR ONITED -TATEo AND
rjNAU* :! 2 Broadway (Hudson bulSalng;).
Mew York. J. V. FUGAZI & Co.. PariSc Coaat
ArT.tii t '".•onts-omcrv nvenuf. *>an Francisco
Tit*.*** >"M by »'l RwH'-ny*'! TliJt^t Agent*.
Jtare Islanfl eaft VaUejo Steamera.
•^teairer OEN. rRIFUIIi or MONT1CELLO—
8«5 a. m.. '5:15 and S:3O p. ro.. except Sunday
frurcay 0:45 a. m.. *\:3Q P. ra. Leave VaJle^j
T a m. 12:30 and *> p. ra.. except Sunday.
KunCty '1 a- m-. ?'13 P- «"• Tare. 50 cent ¦
TVI Main 1508. Viet 5. JJi*»Eii>a-*k «.oc*.
HATCH EBOSi.
n»crc are quite a few WANTS I
tlmt neixl lillinf advertisod to-
day.
I»o>siblj- you can fill them I
limlitably.
Rei».d th«« miscellaneous ads.
Some lXJIt SALE bar-jaiiis,
too.
' ¦ *¦ ADVERTISEMENTS.
• , - • = . ¦ ¦ • • • • ¦ - - o
f339VB^ssfllH6>9HRa6rawBS99^K^Sl^iBHwBMBSBa9lHflB
I FORCED* TO SELL AT I
• ¦— -"¦ ¦"»¦"¦ ¦¦¦'"'¦ ,mi inn ¦ —n " mm, ii ¦!¦ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ an 6
• - • . • ' ¦ ~ ¦ ' •
9 Having heavily manufactured for the last "three months •
® with increased force (over three hundred people in our §
O factory now) we have, owing to the very wet month of" •
• March, accumulated a tremendous surplus stock : : : ' g
| Thousands of Tailor Made Suits |
% Thousands of Long and Short Coats o
g Thousands of Skirts qf Every Description J
g Our stock must be reduced. This is an unusual oppor- •
J tunity to purchase at the height of the season : : : %
S THE MOST STYLISH GARMENTS OF THE SEASON •
O . AT ==— =^=— @
I GREAT CUT RATE PRICES f
g $25.00 Novelty Tailor Suits. $12.00 Covert TaUor Coats, g
9 Cut <£,7£fl satin lined OQ CR •
g Rate OlfiDU CutRate . dOiOU g
• $17.50 Novelty Eton Q|O Cfl $^-00 Covert Corset Coats, g
g Suits. CutRate OlZiuU satin lined. Qj( flfi g
S $25.0d Extra Quality Venetian m^t' ! ' V * *}}«« S
S suits. connn n nn I
• CutRate O/U.UU Coats. Cut Rate... OlUiUU O
• twnn T7 k* • c •* $ 7 - 50 Black Dress OC rtfi S
g $30.00 Fancy Etaaune Suits, g kirt& Cut Rate. .. .OOiUU 8
© black, navy and QOO Cfl «.- nn ,-. . ~ '.' TTr .. . ©
g brown. Cut Rate OZZiDU |^^ Eactr * Quahty Jn^n %
g $50.00 High Novelty Suits. CutRate S2i00 ©
© Cut • CQ7 Cfi A || Etf mine Skirts and Silk Skirts •
g Rate uJliwU At cut rate prices. •
• I • ¦ 9
| 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET. §
g©o©oaieoa©eeoo»«'O©©o©©€»e©©©'ge©oe©©©©<itse©»©ee©
:
I Dry Goods *^^^^ Company.
.,. ¦ — — — , —
? t Many ccntrolicd iicas that have just made their appearance should
? I be seen by you in order that your interests should be best served.
IC ¦
| Gavenette Raglans Etamine Dress Skirts
| Cloth and Silk Jackets Silk Shirt Waist Suits
T
| Evening Coats Walking Skirts
V la Cloth 2nd Silk. In Plain and Mixed Materials.
\ \
$ Walking Suits Novelty Tailor Made Suits
Y In Cloth, Cheviot and Mixed la Goth, Etamine, Silk
.j. Materials. and Mohiir.
| I $20,00 ~
J LADIES' TAILOR BODE SUITS of Black, Blue and Brown
¦3j Qieviot, Eton jacket, silk lined, handsomely trimmed with silk and
'£ braid; skirt with percaline drop; regular value $25.00.
t CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
X Cesry and Stockton Streets. Unicn Squire.
I ADVERTISEMENTS.
jR'~3' and our Patrons are
¦l^^Sv Makes it easy for
;?!?&£v' t ' > Coinc and sec us
der for a suit. Come right
away.
A. B. SMITH CO.
138-132 STBEST,
Above Powell.
* SAN FRANCISCO.
HOTELS AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
REMODELED AND REBUILT at - ezpeiuo
of $*;tJO.OOO— New Management— ENTIRELV
FIREPROOF.
LOCATION — Very acceislble to street car
lines theater*, etc. EUROPEAN PLAN.
* 223 ROOMS with LUXURIOUS BATHS —
Several private rooms In antique decorations.
Turkish Baths In Hotel.
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT. De Stel-
cer, Chef, formerly o? Waldorf-Astoria and
Chef to Prince of Wales. - >
HOTEL ORCHESTRA: Telephone Connec-
tions in every room: long distance connections
made with any part of the coast.
Wire for reservations, at our expense.
HOTEL BUTLER. Seattle. Wash.
PfliflrP D0NT FAIL TO
1 aiaWW aee the beaa-dfal
j COURT Lounging
a fin room, tht EMPIRE
UUU PAlLOR, the
r j PALM ROOM, the
linififl LOUIS XV.PAR-
Ul ttllU LOR> and the LA .
Oil DIES' WRITINQ
Hotels room.
/ AMTJSEMENTa.
Matinee Saturday— Last Time Next Sunday Night.
HhimrrrTi.^ WirMMJWYf^^f -JUTiMiilll ' " IN HER GREATEST MXTSICAJi
MICC HPI n»Q 3 COMEDY ST7CCZSS
CAL J^'^ UR I-MAM'SELLE
Oakland April 18-19 | "KT A "T) S~\ T F? /~\ T\T
San Jose .April 20 i iSl J\ IT U j_^ J~L LJ IN
Stockton .April 21 i
Sacreunento April 22 j§ Adapted by Joseph wj Herbert.
Fresno * April 23 S M Us; ic by Gustav Ludera, composer of
San DieffO ....'April 25 3 "Prince of Pilsen." "Kins Dcdc." etc.
Los An?el«i April 26-29 i 1OO PEOPLE
nuf^!^^"^!^-' i ¦iMMi iPr ?Lf!L-.~JJ Iacludla «f tte Haad«omest and Best
Pointed Words of Praise from the Press:
•» :V "Plenty of ffood music." . Chronicle.
"The production is elaborate." Examiner.
"Anna Eeld is captivating:." Bulletin.
"Anna Keld'a magnetism never wanes." ...... Call.
"Song's all made great hits." . . Post.
Monday, April .8, the Four Cohans, in "Running for Office**
v-^ ire: j-% i^H jl~p house: §
IBEGINMING TO-MORROW MIGHT ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY S
L Pl fi> T I rj* tt L A s=i T |
1A/^ EKL I / Y\ Jr< & . I 1A/EEK I
MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY EVENINGS N
AND SATURDAY MATINEE — IBSEN'S M
Friday /\ Saturday Eyen'g |
Evening Only DOLL'S Farewell |
HEDDA HOUSE Performance I
IfARTPP PRECEDED BY SPECIAL H
UADLCIl A BIT OF OLD CHELSEA BILL |
I Prices— SOc, 75c, Sl.OO, SI, SO, $2.OO U
El BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY M ATINEE— KOLP. AND DILX., BERNARD, I
B BLAKE. AMBER AND BIG COMPANY. SEATS THURSDAY. |
MAJESTIC FRISCO'S FINEST THEATER.
MARKET ST., OPPOSITE URKIN.
OPENING NIGHT, MONDAY, APRIL 18
¦
(Management JAMES K. HACKETT.)
In the First Local Presentation or Mr. Winston Churchill's Dramatization of His Very '
Successful Novel,
SEAT SALE THURSDAY, SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.
PRICES— $1.59, $1,00, 50c. Box Seats $2.00. )
i
OPEN STAKE.
SUNDAY, APRIL 10
Coursing, will begin at 10:30 o'clock sharp
and continue until the last winning flag goes
up.
TOTAL PRIZES : : : $1000
All Mission street cars transfer to Guerrero
cars, which go direct to the park.
-¦ ¦ - [
THOMAS TIERNEY. Judge.
EDWARD SHORTSTAG,' Slipper.
High-Glass Specialties Every Afternoon and
Evening in the Theater.
DAN AND BESSIE KELLY; LEANDO; AND
FEELEY: THE . ROBINSONS; HAWLEY
AND VASS; AGNES MILES; MABEL LAM-
. SON AND NEW MOVING. PICTURES. ;
¦ • ; Take a Ride on tlie
Miniature Electric Railroad.
Rare Animals From Every Clime In the Zoo.
" AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY."
Admlfslon, ' 10c: ¦ Children. 6c. ' »
MISCEL*LANEOUS AJlUSEMENTS.
GRAND CONCERT AITD DBILL.
PHILIPPINE SCOUTS
MECHANICS' PAVII.ION.
MONDAY E VENINCr, APSIL ; 11. N 1904.
- BENEFIT McKINNON MEMORIAL
rxrND.
Admlsclon SO cents. Reserved seats 75 cents,
i ¦ . For sale at Sherman & Clay' i.OAKLAND. April 9. — Mrs. Mary J.
Robinson petitioned the courts to-day
to be appointed guardian | of Claude
L. Assalena, a minor, in order that she
may bring a suit for $20,000 damages
against the Oakland Transit Consoli
dated and the People's Express Com
pany. A collision occurred between a
truck and a streetcar, in- which the
child was maimed for life.
Asks Heavy Damages.
OAKLAND, April 9.— The following
marriage licenses, were issued by the
County 'Clerk'; to-day: Joseph H.
Shaw, 36, Oakland, and Nellie Morr'is,
28, San Francisco; David L. Furry, 26,
San Francisco, and Frances . S." Hol
lister, 29, Chicago; Andreas Ziku, over
21, and Mary A. Guinan, over 18, both
of San Francisco; ; James: Byers, 42,
Sonora, and Emma Sipeline, : ; 28,
Berkeley;- Hayes . . Mayhew, ;, .45, and
Nellie Campbell, 35, both of San Fran
cisco; William J.Greer/ 27, San Fran
cisco, and Madge Murphy, 24, Berke
ley; Henry R. Davis, ? 27, San Fran
cisco, and Virginia de Soto, 25^ Con
cord; Ferdinand E. 'vBlanchard, ,23,
and: Adelaide F. Schultz, 21, both of
Oakland; Marcel Lefner, 38, and
Veroniaue Haurat, 26, both of Oak
land ¦ :
Marriaj;o Licenses.
Must close out a line of furniture at your
own i>rlce. H. Echeilhaas, Oakland. •
OAKLAND, April 9. — Colonel John
P. Irish will address a men's meeting
at the rooms of the Young Men's
Christian Association to-morrow after
noon at 3:30 o'clock. At the same
meeting Mrs. Carrie Brown Dexter will
by special request repeat the Easter
solo Fung by her at the First Presby
terian Church.
Colonel Irish Will Speak.
In 1S78 nearly all (99.5 per cent) of the
Russian railways belonged to private
companies; in 1901 these companies
owned only 33.5 per cent of them. In
Germany private railway ownership
decreased In the same period from 33
to 9 per cent.
OAKLAND, April 9.— Two events
of interest are scheduled to take place
during the coming week at Mills Col
lege, both of which will be open to
the public. The first is the lecture at
LIsser Hall by the Rev. Lyman Abbott,
which takes place at 2:30 p. m.
Wednesday, April 13. and on the fol
lowing afternoon at the same hour
the new bell tower and chimes will be
dedicated. The services will be con
ducted by the Rev. Charles R.
Brown, president of the board of trus
tees. The chimes will be played by W.
A. Sabin of San Francisco.
Events at Mills College.
OAKLAND. April 9. — The last per
formance of "The Holy City" will be
Eiven to-morrow at the Liberty
Theater and it will close a most suc
cessful run of a play which during
the week it has been presented by the
James Neill Company has received the
indorsement of clergymen of all de
nominations.
Next week the dramatization of
Mark Twain's famous story, •'Puddin'
head Wilson." will be presented, with
Mr. Neill In th<* title role and Edythe
Chapman as Roxy. The version of
the play produced by the Neill com
pany is that of Frank Mayo and is the
only authorized one.
Play Founded on Mnrk Twain's South
ern Etory to lie Presented by the
. Noill Company.
"PUDDIX'HEAD WILSON" AT
HIE LIBKUTV THEATER
1CO houreho'.d scales ct half price at H.
£chrl!haa*' furnit'jro Oakland. •
"I feel sure," said Mrs. Gundry to
day, "that when Professor Moses gets
our explanation he will set the mat
ter right. The blossoms we used to
decorate our house were taken only
after permission had been secured
from the agents of the property. I
myself secured this permission. Be
sides, we did not take all of the blos-
The set speech of Professor Ber
nard Moses before his class in history
yesterday on the subject of co-eds, co
education, etiquette and peach blos
soms has stirred up an awful fuss in
Berkeley. The *Pi Beta Phi sorority
girls, to whom Professor . Moses re
ferred as the vandals that had deco
rated their houpe with his own peach
blossoms and then read the Scripture
lesson on purloinery, want their tra
ducer to apologize, and if they do not
get an apology they are going to Presi
dent Wheeler. In the meantime Pro
fessor Moses will not apologize, and
there you are.
The Pi Beta Phi girls set about to
secure a correction of the impression
that Professor Moses has made on the
minds of perhaps a million people as
soon as they saw the account of what
he said this morning. Mrs. Virginia
Gundry, the chaperone, wrote a note
to Professor Moses explaining the
whole transaction. Then she tried to
see President Wheeler, but he was out
of town and will not be seen until
next week. It may not be necessary,
however, to see President Wheeler as
Professor Moses may be prevailed
upon to change his views in regard
to co-eds.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, April 9,
Assistant Division Superinendent
Baker confirmed the story of this latest
move of the railroad company to-night.
He said that it had long been contem
plated by the traffic department of his
company and the final step did not sur
prise him.
The new order of things means a
hardship for school children, who have
been in the habit of using trains to
carry them to school. It Is just pos
sible that there may be a contest in
the courts over the change, for, ac
cording to the company's franchise,
riding within the city limits Is to be
free. The Southern Pacific people,'how
ever, seem to be willing to face the liti
gation.
It does not demand any great study
to discover why the railroad has un
dertaken to charge fares. The Key
Routs has been cutting into its receipts
ever since it was started and it is
doubtful if It pays to run Its fast
trains. The most galling thingr, per
haps, is the knowledge that Its • trains
have been carrying people free from
air parts of town and feeding them to
the company's rival.
This step has long beep contemplated
by the railroad people, and a few days
ago the traffic management decided to
inaugurate a train-gate The
gates have been on the cars for a long
lime, and all that is necessary Is to
supply them with gatemen. Two sta
tions, Uerryman and Dwight way,
have been established, and tickets will
be sold from them by agents. After
this any intending passenger on the
Southern Pacific trains must purchase
A ticket before setting on the train.
At Ashby station no ticket office
will be placed just yet. No reason is
given for thiE omission, but It is prob
ably nn account of the small amount
of traliic there. Passengers may get
on at Ashby and the "conductor will
collect their fares. Fares have been
charged for some time between Dwight
way and Lorin station, so these places
will not be affected by the change, ex
cept that passengers must get tickets
before getting on trains, not afterward,
as now.
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, April 9.
Free riding between stations on the
Southern Pacific Company's local trains
came to an end with this day. Gatemen
will go on duty on the trains to-mor
row morr.hig. and the system of free
rides that has existed ever since the
service began in Berkeley twenty years
ago will be forever abolished.
The agents of the property —
Cheney. & Berry, say they gave the
co-eds permission to take some blos
soms from -Professor Moses* place.
They also add that they do not think
it was the Pi Beta Phis that committed
the vandalism complained of by Pro
fessor Moses, but some others in the
neighborhood. -; V '
"I apologize! I never apologize
when I know I am right. As for the
taking of the blossoms, that is really
a small matter. The other things I
spoke of — co-education, sorority life,
society — are of most importance, and
I meant every word I said."
soms, for others in the neighborhood
used them for decoration, too.
"I intended to see President
Wheeler about it to-day, but he is out
of town for the present. I also wrote
a note to Professor Moses and perhaps
when he receives it he may change his
views in regard to us."
As for Professor Moses there seem3
to be little hope of an apology and
unless the statements of the Pi Beta
Phi girls are most convincing he is
more than likely to stand his ground.
When asked to-day if he would apolo
gize he said:
At the Haijrht, Mastiek, Longfellow,
Wilson and Everett schools, the prin
cipals will preside and explain to their
pupils the meaning and importance of
the occasion. Financial aid has been
given the arbor day movement by the
Alameda Advancement Association, the
West End Improvement Club and the
Civic Section, of the Adelphian Club.
ALAMEDA, April 9.— This city will
hold it3 second annual arbor day on
the twenty-second of this month and
the exercises will b» conducted on a
more elaborate sea!e than that which
characterized the first tree planting
celebration in Alameda.
Programmes v.ill be tendered at all
cf the public schools, commencing at
2 fn the afternoon. Colonel John P.
Irish of Oakland and Piesideut Frank
Otis cf the Board of Education will
address the assemblage at the Alame
ua High School from the rear steps of
the building. Invitations have been
extended to the ladies of the Adelphian
Club, who were chiefly instrumental in
inaugurating arbor day here, to take
part in the exercises and it Is expected
that several of them will rielivor bjlef
talks. Trees and shrubs will be plant
ed on the grounds of all of the public
Echcols.
Take Umbrage at Remarks
of Professor Bernard Moses.
Who Lost Peach Blossoms
Court Holds That Constables May Act
Judicially *o Ixinj a* Their Judg
ment Is Good.
OAKLAND. April 9. — The accusa
tion against Constable Olympia of San
I^oandro, looking to have him ousted
from office, was dismissed by Judge
Hail to-day. Olympia. was charged
with having exceeded his authority in
releasing Guy 15. Covey because of a
defective warrant.
The Judge decided that the whole
question turned upon whether the
warrant was defective. If the war
rant was void Olympia could not be
punished for not holding the man. If
the warrant was legally sound then he
was guilty of malfeasance in office.
The document was punched full of
technical holes by Olympia'a attor
neys and the case was dismissed.
ACCUSATION AGAINST
OLYMPIA DISMISSED
Formal Exercises and Tree
Planting: Will Characterize
Second Annual Celebration
Southern * Pacific Traffic
Managers Decide to Make
People Pay on the Trains
SORORITY GIRLS
ASK AN APOLOGY
The Academic Council elected as
deans for the various colleges yester
day the following: named: Letters,
Professor A. F; Lange; social sciences,
Professor Irving Stringham; natural
sciences, Professor Frederick Slate;
agriculture, Professor E. .W. Hilgard:
chemistry, Professor Edmond O'Neill;
commerce, Professor Carl C. Plehn;
mechanics, Professor C. L. Cory, min
ing. Professor S, B. Christy; civil en
gineering, Professor Frank Soule. The
only change from that of last term
was the election of Professor O'Neill
in the place of Professor Rising.
Dr. George Stelndorff, professor of
Egyptology at the University of Leip
zig, will deliver a series of three lec
tures ¦ beginning with Friday of next
week on "The Religions of Egypt." Dr.
Steindorff enjoys high rank as an au
thority upon archaeological subjects,
and also has a reputation as being an
excellent public speaker. He comes to
California from the University of Chi
cago purposely to deliver these lec
tures, having been in the United States
two months as lecturer for the Ameri
can Committee for Lectures on the
History of Religions. Dr. Steindorff
will speak in Hearst Hall on, Friday
evening., April 15, and Monday and
Wednesday, April IS and 20. The top
ics of his discourses will be "The De
velopment of Egyptian Religion," "The
Views of the Ancient Egyptians Con
cerning Life After Death" and "Graves
and Burial In Egypt; Egyptian Religion
Outside Egypt."
BERKELEY, April 9.— In the Greek
Theater at 4 o'clock to-morrow after
noon the usual half hour of music will
be given by the Choral Society, the or
ganization of women students which,
under the direction of David W. Lor
ing, has given concerts at intervals
throughout the year. Trie programme
will be as follows: "Lift Thine Eyes
to the Mountains," from Mendels
sohn's "Elijah"; "Througn Murmurous
Leaves," Bartel; "Spring Night," Tem
pleton Strong; "Homewards," J. Rhein
berger; "O Grateful Evening Silence,"
Reinecke. The Choral Society will give
its annual spring concert in Hearst Hall
at 8 o'clock on Friday evening, April 29.
Professor George Davidson has pre
sented to the university library a copy
of his paper on "The Alaska Boun
dary." It is a volume of 235 pages and
two charts. A typewritten copy of this
paper was transmitted through Secre
tary Hay to the Alaska Boundary Trib
unal.
ALAMEDA ARBOR
DAY IS CHOSEN
ABOLISH FREE
RIDING SYSTEM
UNIVERSITY EVENTS
PHOTOGRAPH TAKEN IN THE GREEK THEATER AT BERKELEY TESTER.- |
j DAY WHILE FIVE HUNDRED LITTLE FOLK WERE 1 91NQING AT THIS
j CHILDREN'S RIG CONCERT GIVEN FOR BENEFIT OF LIBRARY FUND.
l>r. Qua B. Srlioficld-Aldrkh and Mrs.
1>IL Undblom Settle a
5=5000 Suit.
• AKLAXD. April 9. — Upon the call
ing of the case of Dr. Cara B. Scho
lield-Aldrk-h against Mrs. Erik Lind-
Moni for $5000 alleged to be due for
medical services the announcement
was made that the case had been com
promised and that the ladies had come
to a satisfactory understanding and
th>-> request wr.- made to have the
suit dismissed.
Mrs. Lindblom is the wife of the
Nome millionaire and a few weeks
ago, in order :o secure her attendance
at a notary's office in order to get
her deposition in the case. Deputy
Sheriff Ililey had to break open the
door of her bathroom in her home in
Berkeley and read her the writ where
she had barricaded herself. It was
not given out Just how the matter was
compromised, but it is understood the
compromise is for about two-thirds of
the amount.
LJkDICS OOMTIXOMISE
THJEZn DIFFICULTIES
•Summer": Southern songs, chorus:
"Fv.anee River," "Dixie Land," "Old
Black Joe"; McKlnley Glee Club. "The
Children's Army." "The Finland
Song": sacred songs, chorus: "Cast
Thy Burden." "Christmas Song." "Oh,
for the Peace"; primary Bongs. Long
fellow school; "An April Child."
""Froggies' Swimming School": Scotch
songs, chorus; "Blue Bells of Scot
land," "My Heart's in the Highlands."
"Bonnie Dundee": Whittier Boys'
Club. '"Styrian Song." "Jolly School of
Boys": slumber songs, chorus: "O.
Blue Ey*s." "Lullaby." "Cradle Song":
patriotic songs, chorus; "Star Spangled
Banner." "America." ;
The concert was given for the bene
fit of the fund for the furnishing of
the Juvenile room of the new Carnegie
Library, now being built for the city
of Berkeley. Superintendent Water
man said this afternoon that some $600
would be cleared for this purpose.
"Spirit of Summer Time," "The Golden
Rod," "Snow, So Fair"; primary songs.
Longfellow school; "Sailor Song."
To Mrs. Sweesy. superintendent of
instruction in singing in the public
schools, is largely due the success of
the concert. She had entire charge of
the training of the 500 children and de
voted weeks to the work. She was
assisted by Schools Superintendent S.
D. Waterman and a number of the
teachers in the public schools. Under
their direction the following pro
gramme was carried out:
"Columbia, Glorious Nation," cho
rus; "Sengs of the Season." chorus;
"An Apple Orchard in the Spring."'
The children were all perfectly
trained. They might have been pro
fessionals, for all anybody knew. The
voices were all in soprano, as all chil
dren's voices are, but this was the
charming part of it. The color of the
pretty picture was heightened by the
appearance of the primary children of
the Longfellow school in sailor hats of
white and blue.
BERKELEY. Ai>ril 9.— The voices of
oOO children were blended in song this
afternoon in the Greek open air the
ater at the University of California.
Five hundred is a large number, but it
seemed as if those little tots were only
a good-sized mouthful to the monster
in concrete. The immense stage looked
ab if it had been sprinkled with a
crowd of pretty children in gay cos
tumes of r>ink and white and blue.
The children occupied tiers of seats
rising from the edge of the stage, so
distributed that the boys' and the
girls' voices were blended harmoni
ously. In the center there was a space
for the director. Mrs. L. V. Sweesy,
and often this was occupied by tots in
costumes, who presented pretty exer
cises.
"Whereas. Two inmates of the Ala
meda County King's Daughters' Home
for Incurables, viz: Mr. A. L. Larkin
and Miss Matilda Rudberg, have ap
plied to the Board of Directors of the
above named institution for permission
to be married to each other and the
Board of Directors have deemed it ad
visable to refuse to grant such a re
quest. Therefore be it
"Resolved. That in the event
of such a marriage, we de
mand the withdrawal of the said per
sons from the institution; and all
money heretofore paid for their main
tenance and care, while inmates of the
home, be upon request, returned to
those who have paid the same to this
institution."
Thus love has been banished from
the home.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, April 9.
By an edict of the Board of Directors
of the King's Daughters Home, billing
and cooing must come to an end in
that institution and the hospitality of
the place barred to Cupid. The little
god is no longer free to discharge his
darts among the old people of the
home. It is strictly a home for in
curables, and love's treatment is not
in accordance with the most advanced
ideas existing at that institution..
The matter is the subject of serious
resolutions and whereasing . in which
the board forever quenches the love
fires that may burn in the breasts of
the hopelessly afflicted.
The question was brought up by the
request of A. L. Larkin, oven 61, and
Miss Matilda Rudberg. 60, to join
hearts and hands in wedlock. To this
request the board has made the fol
lowing reply:
'•Resolved, That it is the -sense of
this Board of Directors that marriages
between inmates of the Alamed|i
County King's Daughters' Home for
Incurables shall not be permitted, and
be it further
"Resolved, That should any persons
while inmates of this home be mar
ried, such persons shall forthwith be
dismissed from the home.
Request of Aged Couple for
Permission to Wed Re
sults in, Quite a Furor
B0AEI) ISSUES EDICT
Proprietor, Clerk and Cus
tomer Lined Up Against
the Wall by Highwaymen
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway. April 9.
A hold-up occurred to-night in Fruit
vale In which two masked men. rach
carrying two revolvers, and three vic
tims figured. The profits of the hold-up
were not larce. but the highwaymen
o?oapod. The robbery occurred at th*
store of G. A. Grimes on the Kedwood
icad and School street in Fruitvale,
j.hortly before S o'clock. Mr. Orimes. a
clerk and one * customer were in the
ttore. when th«* d<x>r was suddenly
thrown open and two men appeared.
Each was masked with a handkerchief
and, according 10 the stories of the
btartled victims, there was a revolver
in each hard of oath man.
The three inmates of the place were
lined up against the wall, and one of
the rubbers searched them while th<*
others kept them covered with a brace
of revolvers. The men went through
the money drawer, and finally disap
peared with the statement that the
first man who ventured out of the
store iwuM be shot as he emerged.
This kept the victims inside for some
time .ind Rave the highwaymen a good
atart.
Fruitvale has no police force, and
the robbery occurred about <hree
blocks outside the city line of Oak
land. The Oakland police department
was communicated with, but it could
not send men outside of the city limits,
and the robbers escaped.
MONEY DKAWKK 1UFLED
G. A. Grimes' Place in Fruit
vale Is Scene of a leather
Unremunerativc Hold-Up
Love Not Kecognized as a
Panacea for the Ail
ment^ of Aged Incurables
Concert of Tots for Benefit of the Fund for Furnishing Juvenile
Room of the New Carnegie Library : Is Unusual Success,
the Little Ones Singing With the Precision of Professionals
MASKED MEN
ROB A STORE
CUPID OUSTED
FROM HOSPITAL
VOICES OF FIVE HUNDRED
CHILDREN BLEND IN SONG
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1904.
40
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 for the spring and summer months now organizing at the ?¦
I 12th and Clay Sts., Oakland, Cat.
I A good_ paying position for every young man or woman who
H receives training at the Polytechnic. Enroll now and prepare for a
H good position by October. , ¦
9 : I- e Polytechnic is, the leading high-grade business co41ege west U
m of Chicago. School the entirely ear. FJ
¦ '..-" Day and night classes. " jS|
1- - . . Write for free catalogue to-day. i
' HHU'iIiJiJ \ \ \\\y\\ HnBl||| ||iiinii| Bit HIM W* '
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BBBSBBBDBESBBBBBEDBBBHaH
1 FOR THAT TIRED FEELING S
B ¦
¦* In spring's balmy days there, is ¦
g nothing that stimulates and H
j touches the spot like a ' good S
H glass of m
H '¦¦"' ¦ ' '•••- ' * ' H
9 ¦• . ¦ ' V.:. '" ..-'¦ -¦¦•"¦ - . ' -
J . . ' ¦¦ . " T h" ;v Bl
B HANSEN ".-¦&¦'. KAHLER, ;,- £
¦ ' Alameda Co. Agents, i ¦
I 8th and Webster. OAKLAND. 5|
0 Phone Main 458.2 R
aiHHlBHHIHHIflBBB
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\
Regular price all the time.
Call Pictures Suitably Framed From
30c Up.
LARCEST STOCK OF PICTURE
- MOULDING IN OAKLAND ......
BARLOW
369 TWELFTH ST., Bet. Franklin and Webster.
THE SIDE STREET STORE.
FLOWERS, FREEDOM AND
FRESH AIR are features of su-
burban homes. _ ?
Some pretty places at a bar-
gain In our Berkeley, Oakland
and Alameda REAL/TY col-
umns and— THE BOOSTERS
ARE BOOSTING.
• T HE DATMGKT STO3E
OAKLAND, CALIFORNIA ...
THE LACE HOUSE §pf(j f|||
SUIT SPECIAL . . . Ll£= .JPJT
Right at the opening of a new tylMA-^K
season, the Cloak and Suit /\SlySsS
section makes this timely an- fffifm*'^
Fifty correct spring models in A l\
ladies' suits, special at $22i50 ** Jj \ \ \
Some in plain fabrics, others /I » )\
in fc.ncy weaves, but all fault "^«^^' U flvjtex
less in style details. c:^SwK l\ |\\»5^
Spring suits, perfect de- 'fflkw^^
signing and tailoring, from
. . §9.50 to 650.00 '^77^'**
'^^^^, ECONOMY IN MILLINERY
m^^^^»\ but without "any sacrifice of
style or quality, may be prac-
ticed here. This has made the
Millinery section— a new one
I 4 tnis season— an instant success
V** Useful trimmed hats—a pleasing line
y^^rTv of ordinary $5-00 values'. - -83.50
"^^0{\U Exquisite trimmed hats— $10.00 would
'^^grs^Jz' be an ordinary price - ... $6.95
Misses' and children's hats from 50c
© ®
*5 To make room for our new line o? Mission §
§ Furniture which we now manufacture, we ©
• . will offer for sale about J
° S
I At 1-3 to 1-2 Less Than Usual |
•o .: " S
n ' _ m 0
9 16th and Telegraph Ave., Oakland oGeneral Merchandise.
I Miscellaneous Markets. |
CHICAGO. April 9. — On the Produce Ex
change-to-day the butter mark«t was steady:
creamery. 14®24%c: dairy. 12%©21c. Eggs
w*re firm at 16 1 / 4©17c. Cheese was weak at
OS 10c.
• Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The - Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's Senator, which will sail to-day,
will carry about 200 fishermen for the
northern canneries.
Fire was discovered on the steamer
Jeanie, lying at the seawall on Friday
nighW but was extinguished before it
had done any serious damage."
The Pacific Mail Company's new
steamship Mongolia is expected either
to-day or to-morrow from Norfolk, via
Salina Cruz.
Water Front Notes.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered in San Francisco, less 50
per cent ishriikage for Cattle: •?•¦ „ -
• CATTLE lUeer«, 8©9c: Cows and Heifers.
708c: thin Ccws, 4@5c per lb. '
CALVES— 4^4%c per lb (gros« weight). •
SHEEP— Wethers. 4%®5%c: bwei, 4i4@4%c
per lb (gross weight), .^v r: ;,.''; -'^.^
LAMB— Spring. 15@16c : per ib. ~,*L*
HOGS— Live Hogs, 140 to. 200_lbs, BTiCGc;
over 200 lbs 5Vd@5«ic; soft Hogs, 4%@5%c;
Sows. 20 per cect oft: Boars. 50 per cent, off,
and Staes. 40 per cent off from above quota
tions. • .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as Vollows: ' . , .
,BEEF-7%@S%c for Steers and 7@7%c per
lb for Cows.
VEAlr— Large. 8%«»9c; small. 8%@9%c per
PO m"uTTON— Wethers/ 9%©10%c; Ewes, 9%©
10c per lb. ., \ ¦/''.'
LAMB— .'5G16c per lb.
PORK— Dressed • Hogs, C%@9c per lb.
7JVESTOCK MARKET.-
DRESSED MEATS.
There Is no further chance to report. Re
ceipts of Hogs continue over the market needs,
as the demand at, present is light. Beef and
Mutton rule firm. <¦-¦ »?
Meat Market.
CHICAGO. '„*
•CHICAGO, April 9!— CATTLE— Receipts,
nOO. .Nominal. Good to prime steerfi. $5 23(W
5 75; poor to medium. $3 75Jf5: etockers and
feeders. $2 7504 25; cows, $2jf4 25; heifers.
$2 25@4 75: canners, $2@2 50; bulls. $2 25©
4 10; calves, $2 5O@5 25; Texas fed steers, $4
04 CO.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 6000: to-morrow and
Monday, 28.O00. Steady. Mixed and butchers',
$4 9<Kj5 25; good to choice heavy, $5 10#5 30;
rough heavy, $4 !K>65 10; light, $4 7G©5 10;
bulk of sales. $4 75@5 10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2000.. Sheep and lambs,
steady. Good to choice wethers, $4 75®. "> «5;
fair to choice - mixed, $3 5004 50; Western
sheep, $4 75<95 76; native lambs, $4 50@5 SO;
Western lambs, $5 50@6 25.
Livestock Market.
London Closing Stocks.
Cons for money.. K7»i!N Y Central 120»;
Do for acct S"\i Nor & Western.. «»%
Anaconda 4 Do pfd 90 !
AtrhlKon "5% Ont ¦& Western. . 22%
Do pfd 0f>'4 Pennsylvania .... 61
Bal *• Ohio R2%lRand Mines 10 >
Can Pacific 119 IReading 22%
Chee & Ohio ¦T-'Hi Do l»t pfd 40
Chi Great West.. 17*41 Do 2d pfd 30%
Chi Mil & St P..147«i'Eo Railway 22«4
Dc Beer* 20 I Do pfd R7%
Den & Rio G 22t;!So Pacific BUI
Do pfd 73H Union Pacific »»>,{,
Erie 2B% D o pfd 93%
Do 1« pfd «W US Steel......... H»;
Do 2<1 pfd 42 Do pfd «3%
111 Central ......134 W«bash 20
Loui* & Nash. ..112 Do pfd 39
M. K & T«as... 1SH
Bar t-ilvrr — Quiet. 24 13-lCd per ounce.
Money— 2@2% p*r cent.
The rate of discount In the open market for
nhort bill* l« 2S62H p«r cent and for three
months' bills 2 ll-lC@2»i per cent.
Foreign Futures.
Wheat — May. July.
Opening ; . . 6 f»?i fi 7 >
Closing 6 0?i 0 7
PAR1S.
Wheat — April. -Sept.-Dec.
Opening 22 35 » 20 75 .
Closing 22 45 20 £0 ~
Opening" 20 00 . 2« 10
Ooslne ...... 29 C5 IB 10*
Associated Banks' Statement.
NEW YORK. April ».— The statement of av
eragie of the clparlne-house banks of this
city for the week shows: Loans, Jl.uiv.Vfc", (¦«•<»:
Incr»a**, $\Z.K2Zt.itCift. Deposits. $l,0K5.512.S0<):
incrraw, J10.l43.4Oo. Circulation. $35.622.S4X>;
decrease. tl.257.2«0. Legal tenders. $71,193.
200: decrrnw. $514,100. Specie. $223,101,400;
decrease. $2K*.7OO. R€-6er>e. $294.294.«00: de
crraee. $Sfi>0,800. Renene required. $271.23s.
200; • Increase f l,030,t>vO. Surplus, |22,010,4u0;
The Orecon steamer brought down 5519
sacks ot Potatoes and 2S0 sacks of Onions,
only a portion of which were unleaded In time
to be marketed. Receipts of old Potatoes frcm
nearby sources were light and there was con
tinued firmness in all descriptions. A small
lot of Orisons sold on the dock for $1 7."» po»
cental and an exceptionally fine lot of rivers
brought $i 45. Early Rose had a further nd
vance. A little • easier feeling prevailed In
Onions. Jobbers were still asking the top
quotation for Australian. . while importers were
offering freely at the Inside rate.
Trade In miscellaneous vegetables was active.
as retailers were buying for two day's require
ments, and a steady demand was noted for
shipment on the Puget Sound steamer. As
paragus ruled firm at top rates during the
early trade, but the market weakened later
In the day u^on the arrival of some belated
supplies, i Some well known brands of extra
fancy stock brought 10c per lb, but the gen
eral run off supplies sold at the quoted rates.
Rhubarb Continued In excessive supply and
dull with most dealers cutting prices in order
to clean up. The top quotation was obtained
only for the best lots fnjm San Jose. Los An
geles vegetables were in limited supply and
steady. . . - ¦ ' ¦ . -
The recelptB included 1238 boxes of Aspara
gus 819 boxea of.*Rhubarb. 418 sacks of Peas
and 135 sacks of new Potatoes.
POTATOES— Burbanks Irom the river. $1 25
@1 40 per ctl ; Oregon Burbanks, $1 40@l f>5
per ctl; River Bads. .$1@1 10 per ctl; small*
Oregon Burbanks for seed. $1 10® 1 25 per ctl:
Garnet Chiles. $I-25©1-M) per ctl; -Early 1 Rose.
$1,409-1 75 per ctlj new Potatoes. 2%@3%c per
pound. • ¦ -¦' i> '-'.'.¦••"'•.¦ ¦ ¦ . .s •. •
ONIONS— Yellow.-; $2 7503 per ctl \ for
Oregon and $303 50 for Australian; Green
Onions. 4(i<g60c per box.
VEGETABLES— Asparagus. RgOc per lb for
extra 7@8c for. No. 1 -' 1- and 4@6c.'.for No. 2;
Rhubarb. 35c<g$t per box; Green Peas. 2«.®4c
per lb: String Beans, 5 .17%@2Oc per. lb; Toma
toes $1@1 25 'per box or crate for Los An
geles and $1 50@2 ; for . .Mexican: Summer.
Squash from Los V Angeles. :75c<g$l 25 per box;
Cabbage. $1 10 per ctl; Carrots, 50c, per Back;
Hothouse Cucumbers. * $1 2."i!?l 75 per- dozen;>
Garlic l«"c per lb; Egg Plant, 25c per lb; Dried
Peppers, 5«}Sc per lb for Stockton and iO®l2ViC
for southern; Dried Okra. 12%@15c per lb: ;
Green Peppers (Mexican). 15@25c per. lb; Mar-,
rowf at Squash, 1 Vic per lb.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about %©lc undtr quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, «%c: medium. 8%c; light. 7%c; Cow
Hides, 8c for heavy and 7%c for light; Stags.
Cc; Salted KlD. 9c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf, lie; dry Hide*. 15@16c: dry Kip. 13c; dry
Calf. 18c; Sheepskins, shearttngs. 25ft30c each;
short Wool, 40@63c each; medium, 70@i»0c: long
Wool, $1«?1 50; Horse Hides, salt. $2 75 for
lar,je and $2Q2 50 for medium. ?l 25t*l T5 for
small and BOc lor Colt*. Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for lurgt and $1 ".0 for medium. $l@l 25
for small ami 5Oc for Colts. Uuck Skins — Dry
Mexican. :ilc; dry Salted Mexican. 25c; dry
Centra! American. Sir. <!cat- Skins— Prime An
goras, 75c; largu anil »ir^oth, 50c; medium,
oDc; ftr.iiill, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4Vi@4%c per lb:
No. 2. .'i'/iSle: grease, 2 1 ,« ! ©-'!c.
WOOL— feprlng clip — San Joaquln and South
err. 12 months', 9&llc: do 7 months'. S@10c
per lb. .
HOPS— 24®27c per lb for California. 1903,
and 17'/@20c for crop of 1904.
Hides, Tallow,. Wool and Hops.
CHICAGO. April 9. — Cash quotations were as
follows: Flour was dull and easy; winter pat
ent?, $4 bOftS; Ktralghts, $4 S0?j4 70; spring
patents, $4 4004 70; straights, ?4fa I 20;
bakera' $3ft3 50; No. 2 spring wheat. '.KX&^5c:
No. 3. WKFrtiSe: No. 2 red. f»7c«f$l «>%; No. 2
corn. &3«i.&3%c: No. 2 yellow. XtW@5.1%c: No.
2 oats. 3«%c; No. 3 white. 39®42%c; No. 2 rye,
?We; good feeding barley, 3.")<S.{Sc; fair to choice
malting. 44655c; No. 1 flaxseed, $1 00; No. 1
NorthwestTn, $1 10; prime tlmothy-gred,
$2 00; mess Dork, per bbl.. $12 50sgl2 02%;
Ian! per 100 ibs.. *6 52%«i« 55; short ribs sides
(loose). $0 25fcO 37%; short clear sides (boxed).
$7 25; whisky, basis of high wines, $1 2S;
clever, contract grade, $11.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24.500 34.20O
Wheat, bushels 22.00O 40.JWO
Corn, bushels 140,700 M,«50«
Oats, bushels 111.900 120,200
Rye. bushels 4,1)00 9,400
Barley, bushels 43,100 40,400
Cash Grain and Provisions.
Monrv — |C S Steel 11%
• -all loans ....2Uff3%| Do pfd «1^ 8
Time loans . . .:P-..ffi4%i Wilting Common. 79
Bond*— =¦¦ I Mining—
Atchlfon 4s !WU I Adventure 2vi
Do ad] 4s 89%! Allouer 5
Mex Cent 4s tS'i'.Amal Copper MS
Railroad*— (Arnrr Zinc 10} 4
Atehison 74 1 ilAUantlc 8
Do pfd ¦3%| Bingham 22%
Boston & Albany. 2.'<0 [Calumet & Hecla.470
Boston &¦ Maine. 1«» ICentennial 21
Boston Elev 140%]Copper Range 4S%
Fltchburg pfd 140 I Daly Wert 25
Mex Crltral n^JDom Coal C4»4
K Y N H & H..1R0 (FrankHn 8
Pere' Marqnette.. 74 IGrancy 3%
Union *»aelfic 87H!I«Ie Royale 7%
Miscellaneous — IMsfh Mining 4%
Arner Arge Chem. IS IMlrbljtan 3?i
Do pfd 72 I Mohawk 43
Amer Pneu Tube. 4'ilMont Coal & Coke 2%
*.mrr Pugar 12«%i<)Id Dominion ... 13
Do pfd 125%!0*orola .19
Amer Tel & Tel. 12.1*41 Parrot 2.'.%
Amer Woolen ... 10»i!Quincy SS
Do pfd 74 a i!8hannon S%
Dom Iron & S... »%iTamarack 93
Ed KlACtrio Illum.237 (Trinity 4%
Cn>n Elprtric 1«CS JU S Mining 21
yHtff Klectric 1»% IT S Oil ft%
Do pf<1 74'4 Utah' 33%
Manx Gas 40% Victoria :;V4
United Fruit JK)% Wlnona, 7
Un Shoe Mach.. 47% | Wolverine 72
Do P« • 2S%1
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
OH Stocks— Bid. Aikod.
Alma 125
Apollo 44
Associated Trust Cert 19 - 2rt
Aztec i 8O
Caribou 300 400
Chicago Crude 20 22
Claremont 60 65
Esperanza 125 ....
Four «f*
Fulton 10O 350
Giant 17
Hanford .175 00 17S 0O
Home .". 1 50 1 7O
Imperial 17 00
Independence 21 - 22
Kern 5 00 5 12«
Kern River 10 5O ....
Lion 0t
Monarch of Arizona 4O ....
Monte Cristo W> ....
Occidental of W Va It ....
Oil City Petroleum 41 ....
Peerless 14 00
Plttsburjr 15 20
Reed Crude 1 *0 •¦••
Sovereign 44 .„.
Sterling 2 40 2 75
Superior {*? ;---
Thirty-three » SO < 5O
Toltec •. i ! j
Twenty-eight 6;i ••;•
Associated Bonds «• 78
Miscellaneous—
Abl«y Land & Improvement.. 123 150
Fischer's Theater 1 25 1 u
Northern Cal Power 10 M
SALES.
Morning Session.
6100 Independence 2t
900 Independence -;
ICO Home * *°
California Stock and Oil Exchange
With the exception of, sales of Bank of Cali
fornia at $430 and Hawaiian Commercial at
$48 50@49 there was nothing nrjar on the
Stock and Bond Exchange. Trading was
light, as usual on Saturday. On the Oil Ex
change Home sold up to $1 65. The mining
stocks were quiet and not materially changed.
Sales on the California Exchange last week
were 20,475 shares valued at $14,719. the lead
lng sales being as follows: Apollo. 1500
shares; Associated Oil. 10.000; Chicago Crude.
1000; Home. 2U70; Independence. 10,150; Mon
arch 950; Monte Cristo. 1100. «
Recent assessments are: South Eureka Mln
l lng Company. 2c, delinquent May C; Union
Salt Company. 2%c. April 29; Coast Range
Oil Company He. April 10; Oakes Ditch Com
pany, $5 April 2(1; Black Jack Oil Company.
10c May 2; United States OH and Mining
Company, lc, April 28.
The Spring Valley W ater Company has
made application at the Stock and Bond Ex
change to list the new issue of $28,000,000 of
4 per cent general mortgage, gold bonds, cov
ering the old Issues of. the Spring Valley Water
Works. - :;;-¦, __ : '''--' '*'£*&..
STOCK AND BOXD EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. April 9 — 12 m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.j Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..l0i*il08ttl4s qr cp new.l33U133&
4s or reg...lO7?ilO8Ul3s qr coup.. 106% —
. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Ala A W 5s. — — C T Co 6s.ll9li —
Bay CPC 5s.l01 101% Do 5s 110% —
Cal C G 5s. — 104% Do con Cs.101% —
Cal G & E g Oceanic S 5s. — 73
m & ct 5s. 79 82% Om Cable Cs. — 124%
Cal-st C 5fl.U6*;il7V; Pac G Im 4s. — 05%
O C Wat 5s. — lOOVi P E Ry 5 ( i.l04»41C5» / 4
Ed L & P 6s - 130 P & C.H Cs.lO4?i —
F & C H 6s.ll4?i — P & O R 6S.116 —
Geary-st 5s.. — — |Powell-*t Cs. — —
H -C&S 5%s.lOO — I Sac EG&R5S. — 1C0U
Do 5s .... 0G% 9S% SF & SJV5S.116 — -
Hon P.-T 6s.lOC% — Sierra R Cs.112 —
LA Elec 5«. — 105 8 P ot A 6a
L A Ry 5s.ll0li — (1900) .....107>,4 — i
LALC06S- - b (1910) . 107% -
Do gtd 6s.— — S P of C 6a l
Do gtd 5s.lO2% — (19C-.)Sr A. 101% —
LAP lem 58.100 — (l!K)5)Sr .B.102U —
Mkt-st C 6s. — llO'/i -<19O6) ..... — 105
Do lem (ta.lKt%U4U (1912>- .....— 115%
MV& MtT5a.lO4 — SPC 1 eg 5s.ll5 119
NRR of COs.107% — Do stmp.l..lO9%.—
Do Cs ....lie — S P B R 69.131 132%
N P C R 5s.lC5 — 8 V Wat Cs.104% —
NCRyCs.100 Do 4s-2dm.lOO • —
N C P C 5s. 99 102 Do 4s 3dm. 99% 9T)?i
N S R R 5s. — 100% Stkn G&E0*. — OS
O G L&H 5s.lO6 — U G & E 5s. — _105 .
O.W gtd 5s. — — /.,
WATER STOCKS."
Contra Costa 33% .— | Port • Costa. .. — —
Marln Co... — 62%|S,V Wat Co. GO'i 40
. GAS AND ELECTRIC. '
Cent L & P.— 3«4ls F G & E. CO 6QU
Mutual E L. 9 10 IStkn G & E. 5 —
Pac L Co.'. 56% — |U G & E Co. 23 32
TRUSTEES' CERTIFICATES.
S;f G& E. 59% COUt: N - . :.
•. • INSURANCE. .v..:V, ,-
I Flrem's Fnd..— 350 ¦;
The Week Closes With Quiet
Markets All "Around.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks— fial«*». Hlch. Low. Close.
AtchUon lS.lfO 74% 73S» U\
Atrhisrn pfd »* »* . »*
Baltimore & Ohio. 2.000 81% m% Bl
Halt & Ohio pfd '• t0 %
o.rmdian Pacific.. uw 116% 11« iu:%
• vntral of X J *5¥
OiesaiK-ake & Ohio l.SHO S27i :j27i
Chicago & \Iton.. 100 38 38 .u%
<7il & Alton :ifd N>
<T.i & Cl Wtatern 2.WJ0 17% 19% 17
<-h *• Northwest.. 1W I71Vi 171 >, 171
thl M & Kt P 2.«00 144=^ 143'i 144%
("hi M & Kt P Pf«l l i*«
!-?! T T T T vr :*«o »« 26% »%
C O C A fit W' ,'i.
«v.lor*<lV. Southern l«r*
<>)lo Bo Irt j»fd ••• •••¦ »••
i;olo So 2d rfd..: 2JX) 2.-,'i 2t% 2.,
I>.! & Hudson JO0 122% Ij--}* '•'-%
Del Lack & Wont
Denver & R^ O-- z] jj
}^^ &Ii .°.^ 2:^6 26* 2^;;
rric V«t i<fd 1.400 a% «4% «5r,y«
Krie M ?»M »«° *-^ «*4 «
Jinking ™Bl>fa *i« MK M*
l£o 2 Central.... 300 V«>% 130% 130%
Iowa Ctfitr.1 J] 100 VJ% l»»i 19 1 -*
lo«» Central pfd.|^...:. •*«
K«n*as City S«...l '»
vinhi "an 1 2.4<>0 143% 142% 143%
V, : Pecurltlrt WO BC^ 80 M%
Met St B7 «.4UO 117 114% U7
Minn * St I^>ui«. *'
M *^t P S S St» SI. fit
ZSJ5£fi£££ > . 3.-^> £%
Mo Kan * Texas i<J«
Mo K & T Pfd .... ;»£
S&%S-%£3 "«« ui\i liijf ip
Norfolk & W«t«fl 300 53 W>% M
Norfolk & W ffd w
Nortliern Securltiei . . .. .... .... «S%
gss^s^ 3s &% %i
KJSiScf .-^ «' •?* %£
HeedUUf m 4iM £*
WMii 1 I! I
mig 1 1 1 1
iv" , /•. pacific. . !•"• 24% **%, .24%
Tclcd- St I •& W: =00 Z'& WA =3'i
Nczv York Stocks and Bonds.
NEW YORK. April V.— Close— Money on call
v.as nominal; n<> loans. Time loans were easy
wlt'.i sixty day» at 2% i«*r cent and ninety
days l'%&3 i*r oeati fix months. 3 : <- 4 iicr cent.
PHbm mercantile i<aj*T. 4©4% jwr cent.
Sterling exchange »«? Fteady. v.-|th actual
hu^ln«>3B In tj&nkfrn- »<ills at *1.«735£4.K74'> for
Oemand and at *4.MV.*M.K4S5 for »lxty dayt.
Posted rat?s. >¦» SMi i >S.
Commercial liill?. ?4 84%@4 Bi%.
liar silver, D3*£c.
Mexican dollars. 43c.
lionds — Ct-vernmcnt. easy; railroads, irreg
ular.
Nezv York Money Market.
The hot, dry weather is beginning to cause
Rome apprehension amonpr producers of Lima
Bear.s in the southern districts, and they are
now Inclined to withdraw their offerings from
the marktt. More rain Is needed to insure a
crop. The feeling, in this description is firmer
in consequence, though quotations remain un
cbangfcd. • • „ „
BEANS— fcayos $2 35©2 50; Pea. $30.1 25;
Butters. $3 50@.J 75: small White. R*- SKHfli:: 10;
large White ?2 65@2 75; Pink, $.1 30©.1 . 50 :
Red. ?4 50; 'Lima *3 2003 25; Red Kidneys.
$4 5005; Blackeye'. $2®2 IS per ctl; Horse
Beans. $2©2 50.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $3 7504; Tellow
Mustard fftfr.T25; Flax $1 S0@l 00; Canary.
6%fi5?4c for Easttrn: Alfalfa. 14%@lGc; Rape.
l»4@2c; Timothy 0@«%c; "Hemp, 3%@lc per
lb; Millet, 3@3%c; Broom Corn Seed, $20321
per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Blackeye. $3 per ctl; NUes.
$3 25; Green, $3@3 25.
Beans and Seeds.
STOCK MAEKET.
COTTOLENE— One half barrel. 0%c; three
half barrelH. Uc: one tierce. 8Ti c : tuo tierces.
S9ic; five. tierces, S%c per, lb.
LARD— Tireces quoted at C^ic per Ib for
compound and 9c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
9V,c; 10-lb tins, "J&c; 5-lb tins. Oftc; 3-lb tins.
10c.
The market Is dull and more or less weak.
The Chicago letter of Mitchell. Mulcahy & Co.
said yesterday: "The pit has been in an up
roar most of the day. The weakness was start
ed by heavy selling for local account, which
uncovered stop orders, and It looked as if pack
ers were' helping along the decline through
brokers. Eastern demand for Hoes shows no
Improvement. Stocks p.re accumulating and
the speculative situation is still unhealthy be
cause of the larse scattered outside holdings.
Th<» market may rally some, but we are still
inclined to believe that prices will have to drag
CURED MEATS— Bacon. I0%c per lb for
heavy lie for light medium. 13c for light,
14Uc fc> extra light and 15ffll6c for, sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12?ic: Cali
fornia Hams ll-">i@12V4c: Mess Beef. $10 500
11 per bb):' extra Mesa. Sll 50S12; Family.
M2 r.0(ffl.{; prime Mess Pork. $15: extra clear,
$24; Mess. ?1S; Dry Salted Pork. 10%c: Pig
Pork, $27; Pics* Feet, $5; Smoked Beef, 14c
per lb.
Provisions.
APRIL 9.
Flour, qr sks .. 4,lir.|Feed. sks 50
Wheat ctls'.... 2.2481 Wool, bales .. 452
Barley' ct!s .... 3,0S3|Tallow. ctls ... 248
Oats 'ctls 53S! Leather, rolls .. 101
Com' ctls W>0 Wine, gals 5S,175
Potatoes sks .. 1,3231 Lime, bbls : »i
Onions", sks ... 2.^1 Pelts. No 150
Bran sks 1,650 Hides. No 919
Middlings sks.. 4C0 Sugar, ctls .... 1,500
Hay tons 500 Raisins, cs .... 500
Straw tons ... 20|Qulcksllver. flks. S4
: . • OREGON. •
Flour qr sks .. -2,S1G| Potatoes, ska .. 1,305
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls SOOI \ J
FOR SATURDAY,
Receipts of Produce.
The easiness in Hay continues, but sellers
nrc still maintaining prices very well. The
disposition, however, is to sell and get the
field clear for the new crop. Receipts are run
ning rather heavier In consequence.
Bran is very firm and offering lightly at pre
vious prices.
BRAN— *19«T20 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $24©2G 50 per ton.
SHORTS— $19^20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley $24*725 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, S20 5O0.J1 ;
Jobbing $32; Cocoanut Cake, $22@23: Corn
Meal. $29 50©30 50; Cracked Corn. $30®:U;
Mixed Feed. $21ft22; Horse Beans, $300
40 per ton: Broom Corn Feed. 90c per ctl.
HAY — Wheat. $l3<ffl7: Wheat and Oat,
SU«10; Oat. $13|&13 50; Barley, $12@-15; Stock,
(12 S0&13 50; Alialfa, $12014 per ton.
STRAW— 50&75c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff's.
I EASTERN 3LVUKETS.
San Kranctpco and vicinity — Fair tfunday;
n,t fj. warm: l !^ht north winds, chancing to
v < Eterly. A. G. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
The temi>eratu!( s at San Francisco and the
S. E. Farall'^ne at the same moment were re
¦fjcctlrely b2 and <»*• decrees, or a difference
of *J2 dewr**** in 2<> miles.
Fort-cart marie at San Francisco for 30 hour?,
*T.<*AnK midnight:
Northern California — Fair Punday; not quitf
s>j warm; Iffht north wnds.
BMtten California— Fair Sunday; not quite
*»¦ warm; licht north w!r.<1».
Nevada — Fair Sunday; continued warm.
of California youth <jf San Francisco, but
a'tcrnoon temperatures omtinuo hlch (r»=nerally
throughout the State. Maximum temjieratures
jai Rt from Mt v> 'J*f degree*.
No rain has fallf-n weft of the Rocky Mcun
talr.c.
The weather continues clear over the entire
wet era half of the country. There has been
a s-licht fall in temi>tratu:t alons: th* coast
FORECAST.
\% EATilER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
SATURDAY. April 0—12 m.
•Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha 03 OfilJustlce 1X5 04
Alta 08 OOlKentuck 02 03
Andes 34 351 Keyes Graes.. 90 95
Belcher 21 22{Lady Wash .. — 0«
Best & Belch.2 15 2 2.*>| Mexican 2 35 2 4O
Bullion 08 Ofll Occidental ... 86 90
Caledonia ... 8* 85 Ophir ..;... 5 62% 5 75
Challenge Con 27 2S Overman .... 32 ."54
Chollar 20 27 Potosl 21 22
Confidence ... 75 80. Scorpion 14 15
Con C & Va.l 75 1 SOtSavage 4S 49
Con Imperial. 01 021 Seu Belcher ..12 14
Con NY.... — 04iSIerra Nev .. T.i 74
Crown Point. 16 18|Sllver Hill ..5-3 6O
East Sierra N Oft — [St Louis .... — 10
Eureka Con.. — 60|Syndlcate .... 04 Ki
Exchequer ... 23 24| Union Con .. Ki at
i Gould «: Cur. ."0 40 Utah is 17
Hale & Norc. 87 901 Yellow Jacket 23 23
Julia 05 CS|
TONOPAH MINES.
Bid.Ask.j Bld.AsIf.
Esperanza ... — 01 [Rescue 07 C8
1 Gipsy Queen. — 30(Ton Belmont.. 60 fit
Gold Anchor. — 25|Ton & Cal .. — «l
Gold M Con. 04 10|Ton Exten .. KV —
Little Ton ..20 SSjTon of Nev.. 8 12% —
MacNamara . IS 19|Ton X Star. . .30 33
Mon Ton.l 42% 1 47%|Ton Midway.. 36 33
Paymaster ... — 0S|Ton Superior.. — 12
Ray & OBrlen — 10J
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour. $3 50 per 100 lbs*
Rye F.'our $3 50; Rye Meal. $3 25; Rice Flour,
$7; Corn Meal. $•'! 50: extra cream do, $4 25;
Oat Groats, $4 50; Hominy. $4@4 25: Buck
wheat Flour. $4 50«i4 75: Cracked Wheat, »4;
Farina, $i 50: Wbole Wheat Flour. $3 75;
Rolled Oats. bbls. $7 2".!g.S «>0: In sacks. $»i 7.VTD
S 10; Pearl Barley. $6; Split Peao, boxes. $7;
Green Pea3, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $4 80®
5 10, usual terms; Bakers' Extras. $4 70@5:
Oregon and Washington. Jobbing at $3 S5@4 25
per bbl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
<120th BtcriAlan — Pac;tc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, April 9. 5 p. m.
The following are the twasonal rainfall? to
<5tte as comj-atf'd with these of tht» i«ame date
lest season and rainfall in the last 24 hours:
Last This Last
t'tations — 24 h->urs. Season. Season.
Kureka *M> M. Is 4'.t.: % .<;
Rei Bluff ««• 27. 45 23.11
K-u-ramer.to •«> IS.M H.U
S*.r. Francisco <«> 19 .03 IX. 12
Vretr.o <*• M.«i4 s.17
Sr.j. Luis Obtspo i«> U.SS 17.2!>
Independence 00 2.T.5 2.1.1
Lcs Anpeles <•<• 7.73 lrt.l'S
ton Dtece <*it 4.<k» 1i>.<»u
THE COAST RECOP.D.
I ?s ?gaf *I I
6TATIONS. ~ «S =""" ¦
; c = ; a
t * • '. ' '•
r-™k.r V.'i. 22 To 30 f= <1->ar .<•<>
CcrsoB 90.O8 74 :ts W «:iear A*t
i:ur< ka 3it.«»S 72 r>-» NW <"lear J00
Prcsna :».'.«5 tio M N Ci»>ar .00
S>: Farallane. .",<"». «k» 71 O4 N Clear .«»>
KUpptaff 3O.O3 C3 M NE Clear .««>
'.. iteU* :i't.22 «'.n :;i; w dear .00
Iid»»iwndenve .S«».«0 m» r>2 SW Clear .<•<•
lyos- Angeles. .rri.WO !>2 r.<". \V Clear .00
Ml Tamal|>als.:n».t>7 T4 00 N Clear .W
K'ortk Head ."i
Ih'.r.ii 2*J.f»2 !>4 :z S Cltar -.Ot»
j\ : r.t Rejrea.%29.fi9 7<; <rs n cies»r .00
Portland *•.«."> 7>» 5o NW ilear .«»»
i:<! Bluff 30.00 M S <"lear .<•<>
ttoacbarz 3OjO8 M .".^ NW Clear .O0|
BsctUBent* ».3*.O0 h;» <.<i NK Clear .«»»
t^alt I^ake 30.22 »;2 3* N\V Clear .00
Kf.i Kranctsco.:i«».<i2 M T..S NW Clear .00
S L. Obtsjxj. .rri.tm '.»(» ,V» W tTlear .**t
,>-an Diego 'Jr.Kh2 7<t ."2 NW Clear .«*>
.»~.;.':le «».1«» 72 44 NW cloudy .O<» i
Sp'kane :t<i.l* 7J 'M f=W tiear .<>0
Tn;.^5!i 3<>. 1« «2 4(5 E in.C:<3y T.
Wclia Walla. .:«<•.!•; 72 42 N Clear .<«»
V.-;i.Tirniucca ..»<». 14 72 .".* NE i'lear .<^»
Yirr.a 2S>2 W> «4 NW Clear .<W
May Hf»si 39»; S&% 38%
July SN^i 3S»i 37»i :t7»i
September 32»i 32% 32 32
Mess Pork, per bbl. —
Mav 12 K2% 12 S2% 12 43 12 50
July 12 1)7% 13 00 12 CO 12 U7%
llard, per 100 lbs. —
Mav 0 77% 6 77% 0 52% fir..'.
July G 92% 6 1)2% 6 07% 6 72%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs.— •
May 6 C7% 6 70 6 3T» 0 45
July 0 35 0 S7% 0 62% 6 C2%
CHICAGO. April 9. — Higher prices at Liver
pool imparted firmness to wheat here at the
opening. Freezing weather in Kansas also
brought out some buying orders. Initial quo
tations en July were a shade to %@%c higher
at t>7Tit'^%c. Sentiment in the pit, how
ever, soon turned bearish, the prevaillns'opin
ion belns that the rain and snow which wer-j \
delaying farm operations In the Northwest j
were of sufficient benefit to winter wheat to
more than offset any probable decrease in i
acreage of spring wheat. At the same time
th* Weather Bureau forecasted warmer
weather for Kansas and Nebraska. This
caused additional selling and In the absence of
nny material support the market became weak.
The volume of business was comparatively
light, the maiket luine inclined to develoo
Into a waiting affair pending the issuance of
the Government crop report due Monday. In
timations that the figures would show a more
favorable condition of the crop than generally
anticipated increased the bearish tendency.
Prices steadily declined throughout the day,
the close being practically at the low point.
After touching 8«%c, July closed at M;%^
8(>^c. May ranged between 94',ic and y5»,sc
and cIomhI at »4%c.
Influenced by steady cables, by firmness in
wheat and by unfavorable weather, the corn
market was firm a short time early in the
day. The weather forecast, however, was for
clear weather. The close was weak, July %c
lcwer at M%e51%c.
Oats ruled weak. July closed at 37?ic a
loss of %c.
The trend in provisions resembled the act-ori
of th« grain markets. Opening prices were
a trifle higher on a fair demand, but offerings
were more liberal than the demand. The closa
was weak, with July 30c lower, lard was of!
2Or and r!bs 22%«J23c lower. '
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Article? — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2 —
Miiy J>5% !)5% 91% 04*4
July, ol<1: K>% Sft% 87»i SS
July, new SS% RS% 8»i% fc«%
September, old. 82% S2T; 81% SIS
September, new 81 Ts MTs S0% S0%
Corn No. 2 —
May 54 fit B3 53%
July 51 51 74 51 51 %
September 50% 5O«i 50 50%
Oats No. 2—
«f
Future Grain and Provisions.
I Chicago Board of Trade. |
NEW YORK, April 9. — Cotton futures closed
6 to 7 points lower.
Nezv York Cotton Market.
FRUITS — Apricots. S%@10%c for Royals and
Do l.c lor Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 4%4p
0.?; sun-uiled, 3®4%c; Peaches. 6%@7%c;
Pears, 8#ll%c; Nectarines, nominal;" Fjgs,
white. :iM4c In boxes; - black. 4%c; Plums,
pitted, 5@7%c per lb. ;
PRLJNKS — 11>U3 crop. 2Vi®2%c for the four
sizes.
RAISINS — The Association quotes the follow
ing Drlces: Standard grades, 50-lb cases — 2
crown Loose Muscatels, 5}Jc per lb;
3-erown, 5^c; 4-crown, «5%c; Seedless Loose
Muscatels, 4%c; Seedless floated, 4%c; 2-crown
Malaga loose, 5c; 3-crown Malaga loose, 5%c;
Seedless Sultanas, unbleached, 4%c; Seedless
Thompsons, unbleached, 5 Vic. Layers, per 20
lb box — U-crown Imperial clusters. $3; 5-crown
Dthesa clusters, $2 50; 4-crown fancy clusters,
$2; 3-crown London Layers. $1 35; 2-crown
Lf.mlon Layers, $1 25; usual advance for frac
tional boxes and layers. Seed'd — Fancy 16-oz
cartons, per lb, 7*ic; fancy 12-oa cartons, per
package, 0»ic; fancy bulk cartons, per lb, 7%c;
choice lG-cz cartons, per lb. 7%c; choice 12-oz
cartons, per package, C%c; choice bulk car
tons. *>er lb. 7Vic; ltt-oz cartons, seeded Seed
lings Muscatels, per- lb. 7c; 12-oz cartons,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per lb, 5%c; bulk,
seeded Seedlings, Muscatels, per Ib. ti%c.
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell. 13%14c;
No. 2. 11%4111'c; No. 1 hardshell. 13@U%c;
No. 2. 114ill%c; Almonds, ll%c for Nonpa
reils, 11 %c for I X L. lie for Ne Tlus Ultra
and 9%o for Languedoc; Peanuts, e@7c for
Hasten.: Pecans, ll@iric; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5.
HONEY— Comb. 10@tl%c Tor white and 8%
gO%c for amber: water white extracted, 50
bV*c. light amber extracted. 4%<?4Xc; dark.
3%S4c.
BEESWAX— 27©20c per lb. '
There is nothing new of.lmportance. Raisins
are still unsettled by differences among pack
ers and growers. Stocks are estimated at
about 1750 cars, 1 of which the Association
holds all but a few. say less than 50 cars.
Prunes continue quiet, with no European or
ders on the market at present. The other
fruits remain as before.
Dried FruitSjNutSjRaisinSjHoney.
200 Mont Ton ...1 45 300 Ton Midway..
50 Mont Ton..l 47% 300 Ton of Nev... 8 00
1SC0 Ton Belmont. CO
Following were- the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
100 Andes .' 3RI 50 Ophir 5 50
1W Caledonia ... S5[ 40O Ophir 5 62%
100 Caledonia ... .Mj 2<;<> Overman S3
100 Chollar 271 2f>0 Potosl 23
GOO Chollar 28| 400 Potosl 21
100 Gould & Cur. 3S 100 Union Con .. 81
100 Mexican ...2 27%| 200 Union Con .. 83
200 Mexican 2 35!
Following were the sales on the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
PACIFIC STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
2C0 Andes 351 " n 6phir 5 62%
20O Belcher -II 500 Overman 33
300 Caledonia ... 85 100 Potosl 21
200 Challenge Con 2C 600 Savage 4U
1C0 Con C & Va.l SO 400 Sierra Nev .. 71
500 Crown Point. 17 300 Union Con . . HI
500 Gould & Cur. 38 700 Union Con .. 82
ICO Gould & Cur. .".0 10O Union Con .. 83
300 Mexican 2 35 200 Yellow Jacket 29
200 Mexican .....2 30|
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Mining Stocks.
NEW YORK. April 0. — The total imports of
dry fxods and general merchandise at the
port of New York for the week ending to-day
were 511.112.37J*.
Ejcixjrts of specie from New York' for the
week 5746.fH»5 In silver and $3,206,107 gold.
Imports of specie Into New York during the
week were ?23,219 in gold and $30,131 silver.
Exports and Imports.
W cat her Report.
According to the California Fruit Grower
the IP118 pack of I'ruits and Wgetableg was
4.O77.O7S cases faf which 2.7:^.504 was Fruit).
• cainet a total pack at 3.404. OMs cases in 10iC
Xhe pack of Asparapus. which was 25«>.22c»
« ases la^t Near, will probably be murh less this
>ear owing to the f.ootiing of lands in the
r:vtr districts.
Canned Fruit and i'egetable Pack.
Lf>cm3 Bark Clearings during the week just
*::3ed were f2i>,Cii».t)26. against f27.'i"1.112 Uar
ir.5 •h*' same araiik last year, showing a gain
of S1.O25.S14. The clearings during the cat
resjonaing »eik !n IMS were $25,32>.123.
Bank Clearings.
A-Iams Con 30'Ontario 4 50
lireece lO'.Ophir 5 12
lirunn Con Oi'.I'hoenlx 08
Com Tunnel C9;p 0 tosi IS
Con Oal & Va.. 1 70! Savage 44
Horn Silver 1 251 Sierra Nev Kt
Iron Silver I 7.*! Small Hopes 15
l^advllle Con ... "2. Standard 2 80
Little Chief O0|
NEW YORK IMINING STOCKS.
U S rcf 2s reg..llX» IL & N unified 4«. 93*1
Do coupon lmi I Man con cold 4s.lO2%
Do 3s reg HKi |Mex Cent 4s 0e%
Do coujwn 107 Do l»t lr,c 13%
Do new 4g reg. 133 I Minn & St L 4s.. »5%
Do coupon US iM K & Tex 4s.. 99"<,
Do old 4-s rpg..Hi7*il Do 2ds 7S%
Do coujKin 107*4 1 XR of Mex con 4» 74
Atch gen 4s 1»%:N Y C pen 3%s.. «JS',;
Do adj <s !»O (N J C gen 5a 12S=y«
Atlantic C L 4s. U |Nor Pac 4s 10:'.^
Bal & Ohio 4s...l00%| Do 3s 72%
Do S^b 'M j Nor & W con 4s. 97%
Central "of Go 5s.l<>7 OSL 4s & partic. 9,">\i
Do 1st lnc <:S Pa conv 3%s »«%
Chps & Ohio 4Us.lt"ni Reading Pen 4*... »7
Chi & Alton 3%s. 7«»"»,:SL & 1 M con 5s.ll2%
C B & Q new 4s. fl*i»:S L & S F fg 4s. 82%
C, M & SP gn 4?.10>> I il. B t Ixiuls SW lets. J>5
<' & NW con 7s..l29>i;Peabcard A L 4s. t>7*i
C R I & Pac 4s. 72%jPo Pacific 4s M%
Do col 5* 81 ISo Railway 5s 113%
C <- C & PL gn4.«.100 1^!Tex & Pac lsts..H7%
< -hi ' Term 4s SO IT. St L & W 4s. fis%
Oons Tobacco 4*. ft»>ilUnlon Pacific 4s.. lO-""^,
rolo & So 4s S« I Do conv 4? J>9%
Oolo F & I 5s... 71 IIT S Steel 2d 5s.. 78
Den & Rio G 4s. OS'iiWahash lsts 117
t>le prior lien 4s. Ul% Do deb B 62
Do gen 4s w;% W & L Erie 4b.. S7%
F W & D C lsts.lOG Wis Orht 4s 89%
Hock Val 4%k...1O6 I
NEW YORK BONDS
T St r. & W pfd.. lf*» 37 S7 ..«%
fnion l'sdflc 24.7<K> S7% S'iTs *•»*
CnSan Pa.-ifte !>«.- ***> '->2\i »- y2 «
Wabash ;; ™*
Wahafh pfd 600 38 l 4 3TJ4 38;
Wheeling & L E.. 400 17% 17% lo%
Wlfcorsln <>ntra! ** »
Wisconsin Cen pfd. *1 ,i
Exprets Companies —
Adam* 221
American 1 SI 2
l.'i.Hcd States 1Cl
Wells-Fargo 20*
Miscellaneous —
Analcam copper— 2.700 Si 1^ 51V» 5l'_*
An Car &. Found **>¦*
Am <_>.r & F t>fd jjji?
Am tVtton Oil 29%
Am <"ot Oil pfd ** s
Am lee 10<» 7U ~H 7%
Am Ice !>fd 1<H) 2S 2S 28
An Unseed Oil ... 1OU 8% S% »M
Ara Un OH pfd j; si «i
Am locomotive 21%
Am Lommot pfd. U*> *2Ti S2vfc ***
Am Smelt & Ref.. 200 48% 4S»i «S%
Am Smelt & R pfd. .".<*> 9". !•:« X*h
Am 8usar Ref.... 7<X> 127 126% 12.
Anaornda Mln <~o. KHi 7S 7« ««
Brooklyn Rap Trn. 15.700 4(iv; 44*, 41,
Cclo Fuel & Iron.. 5»«> ::2* t 31 % .12
Consolidated Gas... 2,«ix) 201 1 « 2<«>% 2<>1
Corn Products .... 200 13*» WS* W»
Corn Prod pfd '"
Distillers 1 Securit.. 300 22% 21*« 22
General Electric .. 100 lon 1^ lCt% 1<«
Int<>inat Paixr \} .»
Internat Papjr pfd ™ %
lrt<rnat Pump m g 25 *
Internat Pump pfd * "
National Lead 100 15% 15'* 15* 8
Ncrth American s *
Pacific M?U " s w
[YOple'l Was l.l"t> 9C* t 9«% !•'•%
Pressed Pteel Car 2I»"i
Pressed S Car pfd 71
Pullman Pal Car 20» ; ,
Republic Steel «%
Republic Steel pfd. 3H0 47 47 4(P»
Rubber Goods 100 li»% 1»% Wi
Rubber Goods pfd "<%
Tenn Coal & Iron.. 1O0 33»4 3T>*i *<>
O S leather 500 7 7 _O. S
D P Leather pfd "S
O S Realty 5<)O 7% (>\ < iS *
I" S Realty pfd ... 100 50 5'i 5o^i,
U S Rubber" 200 I3T4 13% 13%
V S Kubl*r pfd... 400 5!»% 53 59'i
I- g steel 1.70O US 11% UN
0 S Steel pfd 13.SU0 Cl^i «U« W*
Westinehse Eiw - . : 101 %
Western Union ... 1<X) K> S3 8»%
Total sales ...1S4.1O0
EXITED RAILROADS OF SAN FRANCISCO.
NEW YORK. April ».— No bond transaction*
tc-day.
American Can ComDany, common bid 4V*.
asked 4»; preferred bid .1G*>. . . arked 37*.
asked 4>«; rreferred bid 3G Tit . asked 37%.
Receipts of Strawberries consisted of three
chests of Longworths from Palo Alto, four
teen crates of a larger variety from Los An
geles and one crate from Watsonvllle. The
Longworths met with prompt eale at ?1 -"5{i
1 50 per drawer and the others sold at'20$}25c/
per small basket. 7
The warm weather did not have the stimu
lating effect on the Orange market that was
expected and trade was of smaller volume than
usual on Saturday. The large sizes of Navels
were In ample supply and were offered at easy
rates, but moved- slowly. DeaU-rs reported a
steady Inquiry for-, the small sizes of choice
and standard - Navels, .and as stocks of such
fruit were closely cleaned up desirable lots
commanded a premium. ¦ The managers of the
auction company announced that at least
twelve and probably fifteen cars of Oranges
would be auctioned on Monday. " The other
Citrus fruits stood as previously quoted, tho
demand being fair and supplies ample. Ba
nanas and Apples were' moving freely and
prices of all grades were .well maintained.
APPLES — $-&2 25 per box for extra fancy,
$1 50® 1 75 for ordinary fancy, 80c@$l 25 for
choice and BO'S 75c for common.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. $1 HO0
2 for fancy. $1@1 50 for choice and 85c@
$1 25 for standard; Tangerines. $1 25@1 75 per
box; Lemons. $1 7">ft2 50 for fancy. $1 25®1 50
for ebole* and 75c@$l for standard: Grape
Fruit. " $1S2; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50 per
case; Bananas. $1@2 per bunch for Hawaiian
and $1 .V)(.i- 25 for Central American; Pine
apples, $2@3 per dozen.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
WHEAT— Hamburg cables reported the Rus
sian crop damaged by frost. Chicago opened
higher but closed lower. Foreign futures
were ' firmer. The Chicago advices of !
Mitchell, Mulcahy & Co. said: "Tly ,
market closed about l'*c lower. It;
was very nervous and a good proportion of
the trade was local. After a fairly strong
start prices weakened and closed about «U
the low price for the day. There was a gen
eral desire to even up over Sunday In anticipa
tion of the Government report to be issued
Monday afternoon. Those who- were conspic
uous on the buying side yesterday .and early
this mornirK were best sellers as the market
declined. Western weather remained unset
tled but advices as regards seeding In the
Northwest are somewhat conflicting. Broom
hall predicts liberal increase in world's ship
ments for the week. World's visible, supply
of breadstuffs April 1st shows a liberal in
crease as compared with corresponding dates
of a year ago. The speculative position, we
think Is quite a little stronger as the result
of to-day's liquidation and we believe wheat
should be boupht on any further break for
moderate turns." *
This market is weak and quiet. The mil
lers are not bidding for Wheat, as the ¦ Flour
demand has fallen off and some mills will
take advantage of this to close down and clean
up. Cash quotations, however, remain un
changed. '
CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 37%@l 45; California
White Australian. $1 5C@1» U0; Northern Club.
$1 3501 42%; Northern Bluestem, $1 50@l 55
p«r ctl.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. High., Low. Close.
May ?l 35Vi $1 »5Vi $1 35 $1 35
December ... 1 33«^ 1 33V<. 1 32?(i 1 33
BARLEY — The Korea, which sails on the
16th. will take out 1500 tons for Japan. 'This
is part of the lot purchased some time ago.
j The market shows no particular change. The
quotations for Feed 'represent two extremes,
as '.t takes fine grain to bring $1 12%, while
i anything that sells down to $1 08% is poor.
I The market continues dull and featureless.
j CASH BARLEY.
Feed.y?l 0S*;@l 12%; Shipping and Brewing.
$1 17%@l 20; Chevalier. $1 15B1 20 for fair
to choice.
FUTURES.
Session 9 to 11:30 a. m.
Open. , High. Low. - Close.
May — No sales.
December ... 99% 99»; 90% 99»i
OATS — The week closed on a dull but stead
ily held market.
White. $1 27%<gl 37%: Black, SI 25@1 30;
Red. $1 25Cal ."5; Gray, $1 32%@1 37% per ctl.
' CORN — With the dry. warm weather shell -
I ing. which has heretofore been suspended, will
I te resumed on the river and the result will
[ probably be increased receipts of domestic
I grain shortly. Stocks at present are light and
the market firm, though quiet. •
Western sacked, $1 35^1 40 for Yellow,
tl 32V.01 40 for White and $1 30@l 35 for
Mixed; California large yellow. $1 :55@1 42%:
small round ..to. $1 r.O'.j 1 55: White. $1 4GQI 15
i per ctl; Egyptian. $1 40@l 50 for white and
*1 27»A@1 30 for brown.
j RYE— $1 30© 1 32% per ctl. '.
BUCKWHEAT— $1 75@2 per ctL
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.... — $1 S5?i
Sterling Exchange., eisht.., — •*
St-rllns Exchange, cables^ — **%'¦*
New Tork Exchange, sight ...... — 1-Vi
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 16
Silver, per ounce ••••••• *~J*
Mexican Dollars, nominal — «Vj
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
" CUKKSE — S%@9c for eood to choice new
and 7(g Sc for lower grades; Young Americas,
u\-j((iiiic; Eastern, IDJjIOc; Western, 14@15c
per lb.
1-;l.«JS — Ranch. ISfilOc for fair to choice;
store, lC(&17c per dozen.
Cheese remains as before.^ The shelvea are
still full, and the inquiry is light.
Ranch Eggs are fairly steady, though some
sellers are willing to .let go under quotations.
Store Eggs are coming in more freely, and a
number of largo lines were received from the
San Joaquln Valley yesterday. From now on
the difference between store and ranch will
probably v.-'.d^ n. as usual every year as soon
as the hot weather set3 in. Stocks of ranch
.are large and the receivers continue to Etore
the surplus. Sales of store at 16c 'delivered
In San Francisco were reported yesterday.
Receipts were 4S.20O lbs Butter. 1552 cases
Eggs and CMtO lbs Cheese. .
BUTTER— Creamery at first handa. 18%@10c
for extras and 17 1 / ifelso for firsts; dairy, 15Sj>
17',£c: store Butter, nominal; cold storage,
nominal.
Butter closed weak, with come tellers quot
ing a lower market. The warm weather Is
deteriorating the quality of the goods, and
most fine brands are now fine in brand only,
as the Butter Is soft. Slocks are large and
the demand is slow.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Board— - .?*
$10,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent.. 77 50
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... — 30 | Mat Nav Co. — 90
Cal Cot Mils 86 — |Nev Nat Bk.lS5 203
C Jockey Cl. 09 120 |N S R R... 9*1 —
Cal Powder. 125 140 |N Cal P Co. 10% 11
Cal Ship Co. 15 30 |Oak Bk Sav.112% —
Cal T I & T — 135 |Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cen Bk, Oak 63% — I1OOF Hall A 6 —
Chutes Co .. 6T4 — lOrpheum Co. 12 16^4
City & C Bk — 112 |Pac S Tel.. 101 —
East Dynm.150 250 jparaf Paint. 38 —
DpntPwd pfd — 90 |S F Drydock 60 —
Do com ..40 — SF&SJ Coal. 25 —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — s J Wat Co. — 1W»
Fischer Thtr ?i 1% SO & MTgbt.125 —
Frnch-A Bk.105% — Swiss-A Bk.113 —
Gas Con A.. 10% 21 Truckee Elec 10 —
Hono P Co.. 13 — UR InC pfd. 43 —
Lon& SF Bk 4.S GO | Do com .. 9 —
Morning Session.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Bay CPC 6«. 97% — |SF & NP 5a.lllU —
B L Wat 6».10U — SF Cfi 4s. — 10O
Cat NW 5s.l0S%110^|S P Co 4Hs. 89 —
M C Wat 5s— 102 |Sun Tel 6«..113 . —
Ria I Wks5s — 107mSuttr-st R5s.l05 11.1
SF Drdk 5s. — 113HIUR of SF 4a. 77% 77%
Unlisted Securities. .yj
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 49 00
125 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 48 &f>
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar. 48 62H
250 Oceanic S S Co 4 12"-,
25 S F Gas & Electric «0 00
40 Spring Valley Water Co 39 50
Street — ' i. '¦ ¦ .
15 Bank of California 430 00
$3.C0C— Cal Gas & El Gen M & C T 5s. 80 00
Alaska P A. — 147 (Oceanic S Co. — 4%
Cal P C A. 9e%100HIPacAux FA. 8% —
Cal Wine A. — 92H'Pac C Borx.170 —
MV& MtTm.100 — {
MISCELLANEOUS.
Am Ntl Bk.120 125 |L P * A....132T4 —
Anglo-Cnl .. 8" 87 IMer Tru»t....l90 210
Bank of Cal.428'4 — IMercn Ex.... — —
Cal Safe Dp. 145 150 IS V NatlonL — —
SAVINGS BAXKB.
Ger S A L.2250 2350 |5»av A L So. — 100
Hum S & L. — — |Sec Sav'Bk. — 4SO •
Mutual Sav.100 — Union T Co.. — —
S F Sav U.625 — . |
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 IPrestdlo — 41
Giant ...... 60 61 IVijorit — 5
Hana P Co. — 25c iKllauea S C. S\ 4%
Hawaiian C. 4SU 4S*s|Makawell C. 21% —
Honokaa 8 C 12 Vi 13 lOnomea S C — 27H
Hutch S P C 9% 10 IPaauhau S C. 13»4 —
BANK STOCKS.
SL'MMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Xczp York Stocks steady to iirvr.
Local Stocks quid and devoid of feature.
Bank Clearings about $1,000,000 o:vr last year.
Esclumgc about as before quoted. Sihrr hzver.
Wheat and other Grains quiet at prcz'iovs quotations.
Bran firm. Hay easy, srff/i rather more coming in.
Hot, dry ttcalher strcngtlicnirig Lima Beans again.
Butter, Cheese av.d Eggs still plentiful and zvcak.
Raisins unsettled. Prunes tccak and stoic.
Heavy selling of Provisions at Chicago.
H'ocl, Hides and Hops as before quoted.
Hogs in free receipt, but no loivcr
Coiiee market still favors sellers.
Potatoes still firm, but Onions offering lozver.
Poultry market cleaned up and firm.
Game in large receipt and poor condition.
Large line of Oranges to be auctioned to-morrozff.
Some descriptions of Pacific Codfish higher.
SEATTLE. April 9.— Clearances. $044,153;
balances J04.462.
TACOMA, April 9.— Clearings, $202,245; bal
nn pORTLAND. April 0.— Clearings. $331,024;
».-Clearlngs. $446,012;
balances, 842.914.
Northern Business.
NEW YORK, April 9. — All metals were
steady to-day without new feature. The vol
ume of business transacted was small and
chiefly for nearby want*.
Copper ruled quiet; lake, 13.2ritfl3.B0c; elec
trolytic, 13.12Va®13.25c; casting. 12.S7^@
13.12Vac.
Tin. }28©2S.3O.
Lead. spot. f4.6O@4.65.
Spelter, SS.2S473.30.
Iron quiet and nominally unchanged.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market is
quiet. Lut offerings are not pressing and prices
are steadily held. Common are quoted- at 4s/
f> l .c; prime, 5UQ5 a ic; choice, 0U©<>'.-'C; fancy,
TfiT^c.
PRUNES — Are not moving freely, but prices
are steady, ranging from 3 to 6V2C according
to grade.
APRICOTS — Remain quiet, but firm, cnolce
being quoted at 9>-ifll0c; extra choice at 10-,i
61U»Ac, and fancy at Il<fj13c.
PEACHES— Firm, though demand is light,
with choice holding at 7H<§"Vic; extra choice
at 7>4©7tic; fancy. 9«4@10c.
New York Metal Market.
DRIED FRUITS.
SfGAR— Raw, quiet; fair refining, 3 5-P.2;;
centrifugal. 9fl test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 2 9
32c; refined, firm; No. 0, 4.30c; No. 7, 4.75c;
No. H. 4.20c; No. 9, 4.15c; No. 10. 4.10o; Ko.
11. 4.05c; No. 12. 4e; No. 13. 3.95c; No. U.
3.M0c; Confectioners' A, 4.55c; mould A, 5.05c;
cut loaf, 5.4oc: crushed, 5.40c: powdered. 4.fc0c;
granulated, 4.70c: cubes, 4.9Sc.
COFFEE— Firm; spot Rio, firm; No. 7 in
voice, Q'.ie: mild, steady; Cordova. 10.&13C.
The market for coffee futures cloced steady,
ur.i-hanired to 0 i>olnts up. Sales, 9000 bags;
May, 5.&0®5.S5c: July, 6.10c; August, O.SOc:
Feptember, fl.35<56.45c; October, «.40(grt.55c;
December, C.6Og6.7Oc; March, 6.Sj@6.90o.
PETROLE C M— Eavy
NEW YORK. April ».— FLOUR— Receipts.
17.7W) barrels: export*. C700 barrels; dull: win
ter. $5 20fi..1 50; winter ptralghti". $4 O3ff£5 13;
Minnesota patents. J5 'MifiH 4.%; v.lnter extras,
i-; .I.'.?/ 4; Minnesota bakers', H lu'a I SS; win
ter low grades, ?3 15«8 80, /
WHEAT — Receipts, 75,O*K) bushels; spof.
Heady; No. 2 red. ?1 <>«} elevator: $1 0731 10
i. o. b. afloat; No. 2 Northern Puluth, ?1 07*i
f. o. b. afloat. Options v.-ere weak anri unset
tled all day. closing U®Sc lower. Ma;', 9(5!;
4(t7c, clawed »8%c: July closed 112-^c; c'ptem-
Imt clo»eU 84 He; December closed 8SJ&C.
HOPS — Quiet; State common to choice, 11)0;*,
crc|i. 27<?8<!c; l»02 crop, 23Jir27c; olds, «£'14c:
Pacific Coast. 1003 crop, 24fl~31c; 1V02 crop,
23927c: olds. 9J?14c.
HIDES — Steady: Galveston, l&c; California,
10c: Texas dry, 14c.
WOOL, — Firm; domestic fleece. 2Sg32a
New York Grain and Produce.
decr^app. $4.SXS,fiTiO. Ex-United Plates depo,
Its. $Jill.Ultt.75U; decrease. J4.8J5.170.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA.' April U.— WHEAT— Blus stem,
63c: dub. 75c. • •
OREGON.
PORTLAND, April St.— WHEAT— Wclla.
Wello. 71c; blue istem. 81c; valley, S3c.
Northern Wheat Market.
ST. LOUIS, April ».— WOOL— Medium
Krades. 1X122C: light fine, 1551 17 He; heavy
fir.e. 18814)4c; tub washed, 20S31c.
St. Louis Wool Market.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 1C@1Sc ptr )b - .
Gtene. per pair, ?2W2 fto; Goslings. Vl'd2 50;
Ducks. ?5 .".(I'fiC. 50 per dozen for old and $8 509
7 BO for your.s: Hens. $7®S for large and
|5 COCO fur jniall; ' young Roosters, 47 to®
S M>: old Hoonters. f.VrjU: Fryers. $««fi So;
Broilers $4@4 GO for large and $203 for
small: Pigeons $1 2. r >fff 1 CO per dozen for old
and $2 25fl2 CO for Squabs.
GAME — Gray Geese $1 50 per dozen; White
Geese. S0e<3$l: Brani. 50c; Rabbits. 50cQ?l
per dozer.; Hare, fOcwfl.'
sellers during the past week, as only three
cars of Western were marketed and • the re
ceipts of domestic stock were light. The mar
ket was firm and practically bare at the close.
A car of Western Is scheduled for to-morrow's
market. »
Game arrived freely and came to hand In
such poor condition that it was difficult to
«ell at any price, and the bulk of the receipts
had to be dnmpfd. ' T!ie prices quoted below
were generally obtained when • sales . were
made.
UKD -AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7®
7%c per lb; White Lead, 7@7%c. according to
quantity. ' .
SL'GAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes ns follows, per Ib, In 100-lb bat;*:
Cub^s, A Crushed and Fine Crushed, 5.65c;
Powdered, S.COc; Candy Granulated, 5.50c;
Dry Granulated, fine, 5.40c; Dry Granu
lated, coarse, 5.40c; Fruit Granulated, 5.40c;
Beet Granulated (100-lb bans only). 5.30c;
Confectioners' A. 6.40c; Magnolia A, 5c;
Kxtra C. 4.00c; Golden C, 4.S0c: "D."
4.70c; barrels 10c more; half barrels 25c more;
boxes 50c more; 50-lb bars. 10c more for. all
kinds. Tablets— Half barrels, 5.90c; boxeo,
0 15c; H. & E. Crystal Dominoes, 8.40c per lb.
No orders taken for less than seventy-five bar
rels or. Its equivalent.
COFFEE — C. E. Blckford's circular glvei
the receipts at this port thus far this year
at 07,339 bag's, against 101.678 during the
same time in 11)03. The sales from first hands
were 4S.091 bags, against 54.5C«. The stock
in first hands April 1 was 3S.2S6 bags., against
72,229. The world's visible supply^ April 1
¦was 12.918,110 bag*, against 12.3S0.C27 last
year. The circular says:
"Our last circular was dated March 5. Since
that time there Is a steadier tone in all mar
kets and locally a fair resumption of demand
— mostly confined to coffee purchasable at lera
than Oc. Very low grade*, say qualities worth
less than 7c, arc extremely scarce and pre
miums for these are being paid In consequence
above their ¦ relative value.
"Arrivals from Central America are pro
gressing slowly, but as the crops were gener
ally-said to have been retarded thirty to sixty
days, it is reasonable to expect heavier re
ceipts later on. although ' there !s no doubt
now but that the season's total will fall far
short of last year's." All authorities seem to
agree that Costa Rica will give perhaps half
a crop, and the latest news from Guatemala
Indicates a material falling off there. Salva
dor, it Is believed, will furnish a full crop,
but not as much as at first estimated.
"Unwashed Salvadors, which declined to Sc
toward the middle of March, were freely taken
at that figure and better, closing to-day firm
and scarce at S%c to 8%c. Washed coffees,
on the contrary, have not sold so well except
for extreme top qualities, for which latter full
quotations are still demanded and occasionally
paid. Intermediate classes have generally sold
lower. There is a steadier feeling noticeable
during the past few days and our rj£t_ closing
quotations are not materially altered compared
with those of March 5.
"Brazil coffees In New York are V*c to %c
higher and futures 35 to 40 points better In all
positions, compared with the figures of March
5. The world's visible supply on April 1
showed a decrease of 2C3.000 bags. It had
been previously estimated at 400.000 to 500.000
bags. There has been no news concerning this
or the next crop which In any practical way
wouliV change the figures heretofore given from
different sources. , n . oo
'•To-day's first hand stock consists or 2oh_
bags Costa Rica. 18S Nicaragua. 13,762 Salva
dor 19.S5!) Guatemala. 2242 Mexican and .—4
various. In all 44.057 bags.
"Deliveries from first handa since the Stn
ultimo, include: «A««a
"772 bags Costa Rica, 42 Nicaragua. 10.C28
Salvador. fcO48 Guatemala, 053 Mexican and
1940 various. In all 21,789 bags.
"Market closes steady and firm.
Costa Rica— 14«?l5V4c for strictly prime to
fancy washed: 12%<r*13%c for pri«ne washed;
11«©12%C for good washed: H^^c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 10®llc for
good to prime peaberry; ll@12%c for good to
prime: 0#10%c for fair; 7%@$%c for common
to ordinary. ¦ . ,„,,„-,,
Salvador— 14<014%c for fancy washed; 1213(8*
13%c for strictly prime washed; lCgl-c for
good to prime washed; 9<S0?4c for fair washed;
10^<S13c for fair to prime washed peaberry:
9%«T10c for good to prime semi-washed; »W
DUc for superior unwashed; 8%c for good
green unwashed; 0%©10c for good to superior
unwashed peaberry; 7@Sc for Inferior to or-
Nicarasua— Nominal: 12V4613%c for prime to
fancy washed; fHAiffllc for fair to strictly good
washed; 8tff?8%e for good to superior unwash
ed; 0%@10%c for good to prime unwashed pea-
Ouatemala and Mexican — 14@15c for fancy
washed; 12Vi«13»;c for prime to strictly prime
washed: ll%«rll%c for strictly good washed;
10%@llc for good washed; 9U®10}4c for fair
washed- SJFfilc for medium; 7©8}4c for inferior
to ordinary; 10%<?m%c for fair to prime wash
ed peaberry: 9%@10c for good to prime .un
washed peaberry; 8%@3Uc for good to su
perior unwashed.
PACIFIC CODFISH — Some kinds are higher.
Bundles per lb. 4ftc; cases, regular, 5-Tic:
cases e'xtra large. e>,ic; Eastern style. 6V»c;
boneless, 0%c; "Norway ," (H{c: "Narrow
Gauge." C%c; "Silver King," 7%c; blocks,
"Oriental." 6'ic; blocks. "Seabrlght," «%c;
tablets 7c; middles. 7@9%c; fancy boneless,
8V.<&S<?ic; pickled Cod. bbls, $9: pickled Cod.
half bbls, $4 75; Pirate Cove Cod Liver Oil,
per dozen pints, $6; per gallon. $3 25, less 10
per cent.
Welsh Anihraclte Err. ?13; Welsh Lump,
$11 BO; Cannel, $8 50 per ton; Coke. $11 60013
per ten In bulk ani $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions, $11 45 per "000 lbs and $12 t>0
per lone ton, according to brand.
OILS— Quotations are for barrels; for cases,
acid 5c; Linseed, 4»c per gallon for boiled and
47c for raw; CaMor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c:
Bakfrs* AA fl 1OB1 12: Lurol. 4Kc for boiled
nnd 4.!c for raw; China Nut. OOQ70c per gallon:
Cccoanut Oil In barrels, C8c for Ceylon and 53c
for Australian; extra bleached winter Sperm
Oil. Me; natural winter Sperm Oil. SOc; extra
bleached winter Whale Oil. l!5c; natural Mhaie
Oil. «;0c;, extra winter strained Lard Oil,
No. 1 Lard Oil. 60c; pure Xeatsfoot Oil. .3c;
No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil. 65c: llRht Herring Oil.
45c; dark Herring Oil. 43c: Salmon Oil. *Scj
boiled Fish Oil. 40c; raw FiKh Oil. SSc; boilea
Paint Oil. :J5c; raw Paint Oil. S3c.
COAL. OIL-- Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
14c; Pearl Oil. In can-s, 20%e; Astral. 20%c:
Star, 20%c; Kxtra Star. 24 %c: Elaln*, 2b%c;
Eccene. 23%c; Deodorized Stove aaeollne, la
bulk, lCc; in ca«e». 22%p; Benzine. In bulk.
13c: In cas>eg. 19%e: 80-degrree gasoline in
bulk, 25c; in cases, 31c.
TURl'KNTINE— S4e per gallon In cases and
7Sc In drums and Iron barrels.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY. APRIL JO, lOQi.
Poultry and Game.
The Poultry : market "waa 'in good ehape- for
" HAGS— Grain Bags, 5%c spot and S^c June
'July: San Qucntln. $3 40; .Wool Bags, a'JgaGc;
Fleece Twine.- 7(g8c. ' - : ' •..-, - ' '¦- -!*,>
•COAL — Wellington. ?3 per ton; New 'Wel
lington. $S: Seattle, $6 50: Bryant, $15 50; Bea
ver Hill. $6; Stanford. $7; Roslyn,|7;. Coos
Bay,' $5 50; Greta,' |7;.Wallsend, $7;' Richmond,
TL&O; Cumberland, ; ?13 in bulk and $14 23 1%
eAs; Pennsylvania ;f Anthracite u Ere,' $14;
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
41
AUCTION SALES
fes &s £a>
Don't forget the big sa!e of a lot of good
horses and mares at 1140 KOLSOM ST., TUES-
DAY. April 12, 11 a. m. Also wagons, surreys,
buggies, carts and harness, one fast pony.
WILLIAM CLOUOH. Auctioneer.
gilggga BTOCK BREEDERS. ATTENTION.
•*Vjgffll3K Mr. Sam J. Maddox'» r»«:l*t»ri?>l
-«*" " shorthorn cattle have arrived In
Sacramento. Will be sold at auction on State
Fair Grounds at 11 'a. m.. Friday, April 15.
1304. FRED H. CHASE & CO.. Livestock
Auctioneers.
THE LOUD/. OF CHATEAU
By A. Cowan Doyle.
Weird. • mjstlc, cliaracteris-
tic. clever, new and thrilling.
- NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.*THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY- APRIL 10, 1904
42
HEAL ESTATE CITV — FOR BALE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
R«al Eitate Agents and Auctioneers.
582.800— Buelnees corner on Lark'.n st.. rent-
Jag for $5000 per annum; under lease of
6 years; large lot.
$41.000 — Comer of Sutter and Polk eta.: Im-
provements, store and lodging-house and
large lot.
$35,000— Rents $2560 per annum; Slxth-st.
business property; 2 frontages, store and
lodging-house.
$26,000— A bargain: on Third at.; lot contain-
ing 3100 square feet; 2 frontages; old
Improvements; an elegant piece to Im-
prove.
$21,000— Butinees property on Third St.. a short
distance from Market; building of little
value; good holding to improve.
$21.000— Ninth etreet, close to Mission; lot and
Improvements; 40-fcot front; a splendid
buy.
,$17,500^ — Pacific ave.: marine-view residence
cf 12 rooms, finished basement, wine-
room, servants' rooms, etc.; house cost
$20,000; Jot over SO feet frontage.
$14,000— Rents $1260 per annum and can be
Increaeed: lnrlde Investment; elegant
view; 6 flate; 44x137:6.
$13,000 — Van Nees av«».; 2 flats of 7 rooms and
bath each; h!gh basement; rents $1C8O
per annum; 25x100.
$12,500 — Rents $1S5O per annum; 3 elegant new
flats.
$12,000— Rents $1308 per annum; Miesion
warm belt; 0 flats and lot 45x122:0; sta-
ble and driveway.
$ll,Wtt — Buslnesn corner on Fifth et. : etcre and
flat and cottage; 25x75.
$10,000 — Nice holding to Improve; Ellis et. ;
double frontage, large lot; old Improve-
ments; rent nominal; make offer.
$8,750 — Rents $S70 per annum; Park Pan-
handle; 2 nice, new flats of 6 rooms and
bath each: 25x106:3.
$7,750^ — Rents $7<JS per annum; 3 flats; Park
Panhandle; a bargain.
$7.500— Elegant Western Addition residence
of 9 rooms and bath, etc.; 25x137:6.
$7.200 — Rents $6C0 per annum; Inside Invest-
ment; 2 flats; high basement can be
converted Into third flat; Bush st.
$6, OfXW— Rented low at $4S6 per annum; Folsom
si.. Mission warm belt: 2 flats of 0-5
rooms and bath each; brick foundation,
etc.; 25x122:6.
$5,250— Rents $4&8 per annum; 2 flats and lot
25xl27:S*. : Sacramento et.
$4,100 — Rents $466 per annum; 24th st. ; 2 new
bay-window flats of 6-4 rooms and bath
each; concrete foundations: 25x100.
$3,500 — Rents $450 p«r annum; Mission warm
belt: 2 flats of 7-6 rooms and lot 25x105.
$3.250 — Chinatown property; Pacific st. ; old
building; rents $35 above water.
For further particulars of the above, gee ths
Real Estate Record, containing a list of proper-
ties for eaJe In all parts of the city. Inquire at
our office.
• G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
20 Montgomery st..
Real Eetate Arents and Auctioneers.
Desirable suney building lots, close to Du-
boce Park: bltumlnlied streets; lots level and
ready to build on; a rare chance to obtain a
holding; admirably situated and close to the
city; at a very reasonable price. Diagram,
price and all further particulars at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN 4 CO..
20 Montgomery St.,
Real Eetate Agents and Auctioneers.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 MONTGOMERY ST.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
By order of the board of director* of the
Savings and Loan Society, 101 Montgomery
et., we will offer the following list of properties
at our salesroom Monday. April IS. at 12 o'clock
noon; terms, 1-5 cash, balance can remain on
mortgage :
No. 1.
ALAMEDA RESIDENCE.
1404 Pacific are.. SE. cor. of Morton et. : im-
provements consist of residence cf 9 rooms,
bath, laundry. In good order and rented low at
$24 per month; tenant paying water; lot 150x
No, 2.
ALAMEDA COTTAGE.
1252 Broadway, east line, . near Encinal ave. :
Improvements consist of a cottage of 6 rooms,
bath and laundry. In good order and rented for
$20 per m;nth, tenant paying water; lot 50x140.
CITY REALTY.
No. 3.
NW. ccr. Douglass and Reward sta.. bet. 10th
and 20th; lot 100x115. In subdivisions.
No. 4.
Diamond st.. «ast line, bet. 20th and 21:t ¦ts.j
building lot, 25x125.
No. 5.
2Sth St.. fcouth tin*, bet. Diamond and
Douglass sts.; 3 building lots, 26:8x114 each.
No. 6.
NW. cor. of 25th and Douglass sts.. S5xl25.
In subdivisions.
No. 7.
SW. cor. 2t>th and Castro sts.; 2 building
lots, 25x114 each.
No. 8.
21*t st.. north line. bet. Eanchex and Noe
its.; 2 building lota, 25x114 each.
No. 9.
NE. cor. Montezuma and Coso ave.; lot,
125x70, In subdivisions; 3 frontages.
No. 10.
NE. cor. Sanchez and Palmer ete.. building
lot. 24x102. irrtgular.
No. 11.
NE. cor. 21»t and Collingwood ets., 125x410,
in subdivisions.
For catalogue and further particulars, apply
to-G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st.
F. B. SURRYHNE~
REAL ESTATE AGENT.
13S MONTGOMERY ST.
$11,000— RENTS $!>7 50 PER MONTH.
Close to Valencia sy: 3 2-story houses of S
rooms each, and 2 ifits of 4 and 5 rooms;
property in Al condition: corner lot. filxlCO;
mortgage of ftiOOO can remain If desired.
J4C50— RENTS $40 PER MONTH.
Close to Valencia and 13th sts. ; 2 substan-
tial flats of "> and 6 rooms; lot 25xT5.
$15,750— RENTS $125 PER MONTH.
L*avenworth-ft. downtown Investment; 1m-
pir^ementH consist of 3 fin? flats of 5 rooms
and bath each and substantial residence of 10
rooms and bath: large lot through to a rear
street.
$5750— HAYE8-ST. CHEAP HOME.
Modern residence. 9 rooms and bath; close
to Fillmore St.; lot 25:6x137:6; mortgage can
1.; arranged for $3500 If desired.
$12.&<*>— RENTS $115 PER MONTH.
Close tu Howard and 14th sts. ; new substan-
tial Improvements; lot 3Sxl5C; Al proposition.
$13,000— RENTS $128 60 PER MONTH.
Short dl«tance from new City Hall; good
substantial lrrir.rovements; let 27:0x120 through
to a rear street.
$15.750— RENTS $152 50 PER MONTH.
Three swell mcnVrn fiats. 7 rooms and bath
•ach: almost overlooking Alta Plaza, Pacific
Heights.
$4300— RENTS $35 PER MONTH.
Close to Bueh and Stockton ets.; flne pros-
pective property.
$1300 AND $1550.
Two cheap lots on Golden Gate ave., 25xlW
each.
$r»00 DEVIPADERO-ST. COTTAGE
Contalae 4 roomr; rents $18 per month- In
bt;»lnets Bfcticn: flne prospective piece; worth
more money.
?290O— RENTS $38 PER MONTH.
Near 20th and Folsom sts.; 3 flats " at a
sacrifice ; let 25x122:0.
$2250— RENTS $10 PER MONTH.
Twenty-fourth St., right In the buelnew Bec-
tlou; flne yroepc-cllve purchase; this Is a bar-
gain.
$3750— RENTS $38 PER MONTH. '
Close ic Valencia and 18th; store and flat-
a r.icc little investment.
Get my April catalogue for eome good thing-*.
j Alsi get particulars and plat of lots which
I am offering for .ale at such low figures and
on tuoh easy terms. «ltuate on Buena Vista
ave., W«;'.*r and DevisaUero sts., and make
comparisons between this uroyerty and prop-
erty that I» orrer'd for a&Ie a mile farther
j oat. You un't help but buy one.
McAFEE BROTHERS, ~
,.„ _, KEAL ESTATE AGENTS.
JCS Mcntromery St.
Phone Main 7S.
$S.&CO^ — Two modern fle>s. C and 7 rooms- Clay
at., near Baker; lot 25x127 :S 14 ft.-
rents $75. *
$7.WX»— Two modern Cat*. 5 and C rooms- near
Goldtn Gate Park; lot ZSxlOO ft.; rents
$t5.
$4.SSU — Panhandle cottage, 7 rocme; lot 2">xS0
ft.; rr.ofifin.
$7,000 — Mission residence. 12 rooms- near
Guerrero »t.. bet. 19th and 20ta s'ts.: lot
tXtelll It.; ret is $40.
$30,000 — Fi:ie marine view residence; Vallejo
Et.. Bear Octavla: lot 74:2xlS7:G ft.; two-
rtory nsldence of 10 rooms; elegantly
finished In nature! woods; grounds in
fine order: unobstructed marine view
$3,250 — Lot on Green tt., near Oetavlu- ilze
28:8x137:0 ft.
$l,r«CO — Let on Sixth eve., near Presidio wall-
*lze 28x120 ft.
$1,100 — Three cheap lots: Holly Park diitrict;
rjze 25x100 ft. each.
$3,2C0— Two cheap lots In Presidio Heights;
Laurel ct.. nrar Sacramento.
$4,C00 — Lot on Ncrth Jackson et., near Spruce*
25x127 :bVt ft.: flne marine view.
Send for list uf cheap lots in all parts of the
McAFEE BROTHERS. '"'; ¦'.' >
IPS MONTGOMERY ST.
$C500— FOR tale; artistic hemts, $1000 cash. ¦
balance same as rent: select locality; grand
view; lot 20x101; houses contain eaten par-
Ions, dlning-rocm. kitchen, pantry, large re-
ception hall. 4 bedrooms, bath, etc.; every
room sunny. If you are a Judge of a good
houee and appreciate * lovely home, «ee
the^e properties. 852 to S5S Clayton et.. *i
blocks south of Haight sL; Masonlc-ave.
csrs to the door. J. STIERLEN. Owner.
on premises^
?2<Vi0— COTTAGE. 8 reorr.a and bath: good lo-
cation: large lot: mutt - -ell. Apply 3318
MUslcn -.t-
REAL . ESTATE-— CITY— FOR SALK.
VON RHEIN
REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
613 CALIFORNIA STREET..
THURSDAY. APRIL 21, 1904. AT 12 M.
LARGE TOWNSEND-ST. LOT.
BETWEEN SECOND AND THIRD.
128:10x275; NW. line of Townsend. 80 ft. SW.
of Stanford; close to S. P. depot.
TH/3 (0
t w-vwMs h zor C/-O3*: to «
5 **>*«• **'*"' ?g%'£2> U
< -Eve jo_? r S
\«- say os* ortsjmc*- \ ;}
BROADWAY FLATS— RENTS $180.
No*. 1678-16S2; N. line of Broad-
way, -west of Van Ness ave.; superb marine
view: 3 splendid modern up-to-date flats; fash-
lonnblft neighborhood; should be seen to be ap-
praclated.
LARGE BROADWAY LOT.
With front and rear dwelling: 45:10x137:6;
Nos .lfill-1013 Broadway, east of Van Ness ave.
STOCKTON-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Leased at $2«40 n«t to one ttnant; 40x«!> fe«t;
Nos. 130H-1314 Stockton, north of Broadway;
4-story building and lodging-house; 4 years'
lease; tenant pays wat»r and repairs.
UNION STREET— RENTS $53.
41x75: No. 180H Union St.. 31 feet W of Octa-
vla: 2 stores and 12-room flat; must be son.
SANSOME- ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Nos. 712-714 Sansome; 45:10x90 feet N of
Jackson; rents $71 60; brick and frame" build-
ing.
CALIFORNIA- ST. COTTAGE— RENT8 $32 50.
25x137:6, No. 222:$ California et., between
Buchanan and Webster; cottage, 6 rooms and
bath; select neighborhood.
DEVISADERO-ST. LOT.
34xlC3:iH; E line of Devlsadero, 68 feet B of
Union; fashionable neighborhood; marine view;
Union-it, cars within 68 feet: $2500 mortgage
now on property.
H ST.. SUNNY COR.. FACING PARK.
SE corner H st. and Eleventh ave..
In 1 or 3 lots, facing Park; SE corner. 32:6xlCO,
and 2 adjoining lets, each 25x100.
MARIPOSA ST.— RENTS $27 60.
34:3x75; Nos. 27C7-2700 Marlposa et., 65:4 W
of Bryant, between 17th and ISth; 2 houses, 5
rooms and bath each.
DOLORES -ST. LOT.
Creditors' sale; no limit; 50x105; W line of
Dolores St.. 70:6 S of Liberty.
FOLSOM ST.— RENTS $143.
50xS0: S5S-SG4 Folsom St.. 13 of 6th; 3-story
building; flats and stores; rents now *112;
should be $145.
TWENTY-FOURTH ST. CORNER-
RENTS $140.
5"?5t9O; NE corner 24th and Shotwell sts.; 3W,-
!U5 Shotwell St.; 313S to 3146 24th Bt.; 3 stores,
4 houses, 2 flats; rants now $112; should b«
1 140.
VON RHEIN REAL ESTATE COMPANY,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.
VAN NESS AVE. CORNER.
68x125; a corner In the most desirable por-
tion of Van Ness ave.: in one or two lots.
NEW BRODERICK-ST FLATS.
$0750 — 30x103; Broderlck St.. near Green; 2
splendidly constructed new flats; marine view;
renting tor $75 per month.
CORNER STOCKTON AND UNION STS.
$18,C0O— Stores and flats, renting for $1536
per annum.
DEVISADERO-ST. FLATS.
$12.500 — 25xSH:ll; Devleadero st., near Turk;
C new flats, renting for $100 per month.
COH. ELEVENTH AVE. AND LAKE ST.
$75C0— 72x107 :« Mi ; NE. cor. 11th ave. and
Lake st., coming* fashionable . section of city.
BOARDMAN-PLACE INVESTMENT.
53750 — Boardman place, near Bryant st. ; Im-
provements consist of 3 flats and stable; rent-
ing for $42 per month.
MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS.
$4.*00 — Laguna et.. near Union; 2 modern
bay-window flats; rents $34.
UNION-ST. HOME.
$(500 — 25x100; Union st., near Fillmore; an
up-to-date house of t> ruoms and bath; all mod-
ern conveniences.
_______
OCTAVIA-ST. HOME.
$5500—25x124:7: Octavla St.. near Vallejo;
well-constructed house of 7 rooms and bath;
cheapest buy in this vicinity.
CHEAP ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOT.
$1U.~O — 25x137:4; an unsurpassed line of lots
on cither ' Clayton or Carl sts.; only a few
more left in this block; cars pass property.
DIAMOND-ST. COTTAGE.
$2,600 — 28sl25; Diamond el., near ISth; cot-
tage with stable.
TREMONT-AVE. BUILDING LOT.
$l,3C0— 26x80; Tremont. near Frederick; a
very desirable lecation for email flats.
WEBSTF.R-ST. HOME.
$(i,C00 — Webster, near Jackson: substantially
constructed house of 7 rooms and bath.
CORNER WALLER AND BELVEDERE.
- $4500—25x108:0; SE. cor. Waller and Belve-
dere; good site for home or flats.
UNITED BANK AND TRUST COMPANY,
Rtal Estate Department,
236 Bush street. Mills Building.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS FLATS.
$in.. r )00 — Six rew modern flats of five rooms
an-1 bath each; have all the latest conveniences;
rent $100 per month.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE.
$10,iiO0 — A very desirable two-story and
basement flmly constructed house of eight
rooms, bath and laundry; lot 23x127:8; on the
north line of Jackson st., near Broderlck.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE.
$.">75ti — Two-story house of 7 rooms and
bath, with larce basement; In excellent loca-
tion; every th'.ns In splendid condition; vicinity
Octavia and Green st>.
DKVlSADERO-STREET FLATS.
.$1*!,CC0 — Thrte swell up-to-date flat* of 6, S.
7 rooms, and l>a>th each; clop* to Eddy street •
rented for $12t«" per year.
MODERN RESIDENCF.. WESTERN* ADDN
$7500 — Two-story Up-to-date houee of 8 large
rooms and bath, with finished basement: rooms
all light and sunny; hand-painted, frescoed
c'llinr.-.: mahoe-Riiy mantels; hardwood finish;
everything in finest condition: key lot and a
swell location.
HAIGHT-STREET FLATS.
$0800— Rent $80: two unusually well-fcuilt
and - splendidly arranred flats; deep basement
which can readily be converted Into lower flat;
high .eilinrs. up-to-date plumbing; 8 rooms,
bath and laundry each: situated on Halght
at., cetr. Devlsadero.
RICHMOND FLATS.
$«1(:O— Two. up-to-date; well finished; beam
ceilings in dlnlns-room: open plumbing; 5-_
rooms and bath; rents $52 60 per month.
CHEAP MISSION COTTAGE.
$.1000 — Good seven-room-and-bath cottage
with large yaid: street work all done; closs to
17th ami Nee sts.
FLAT WITH STABLE,] WESTERN ADDN
$eOCO— Flat of ti rooms and bath with stable
underneath: has IS stalls; close to Devlsadero
and Grove sts.: rents $tSO per month; large lot.
For further -particulars regarding any of
the above Inquire at ¦ ¦
UNITED COMPANY.-
Entrance. 23a Bush st.
T13.000— On Baker, near McAllister, 3 ele_-_.rt
.. modern tint-, pay ten per cent; almoat
now: oart cash. ¦ ¦ f* 7-
T2.23O— Ktcry 'and half, six rooms, bath lot
S'Jxl20, near the park. two. years old-
*1M^ down, balance monthly '
$100 down, on Corbett ave.. directly in line
of tho new Market st. extension: most
beautiful view In city; level ready to
build; rapid advance In value certain;
o— x) — 3. -
5275-f-On- either Bellevue or Fountain sts •
25x125; closs to cars: . lovely view: op-
portunity for. home or Investment; Mar-
ket «t. extension. J
See list under Country Real Estate
¦••V.'J.'.'WHITy. :» Montgomery st.. room 6.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY
; INSTALLMENT HOMES. 612 Callaghan bid. '
- -win build on your property. or buy you a lot-
' W » month cays principal and Interest on"
each $1000 of balance due. making your In-
• stallments leas than - rent; send for " circular
REAL _v E gT ATE— -CIT Y— -F0 |g_ j £ A J_H;
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.. __
216-220 MONTGOMERT ST.
' ' FIRST AVE.
< NORTHEAST
S . ; '
Price reduced to make nuick sale.
$8250— Pays 10 per cent; Pine, near Stockton:
only 2 blocks from Kearny st.: 2 flne
flats; rents $05; lot over 40 feet front.
$24,600— Post ft., near Leavenworth: flne sub-
stantial Improvements: rents $135: large
lot, 50 feet front; building ehould be
raieed and stores put under; would pay
large return. . ,.
$10.000— McAllfiter tt.: 3 -new nats; pay 10
per cent; 6 rooms and bath each; lot
28x100 feet. -
$45,000— O'Farrell-et. corner; near town; 3
frontages: Improvements, 3-story frame;
rents $1CO per month.
$U,500— Sixteenth st.. corner of Church; flne.
ljvel bulldlne let 75 feet front.
$11.00O-Jackeon-st. residence of 11 rooms and
bath: modern in every way; lot Zox
]27:SVi feet. , .,
$21.250— Jackson-st. corner. Presidio Heights:
elegant modern residence of 11 rooms. 2
baths; first floor, library, double parlors,
dining-room, beamed ceiling, paneled
oak. hardwood floore. etc.; 4 bedrooms
and 2 bedrooms In attic; lot 37:6xl27:8"4
feet; grand marine view.
$5.750— Clay st.. near Webster; residence of 0
rooms and bath; let 25xlO2:4>4 feet; lot
1* situate on a corner of a public alley;
light and eun on three sides.
$3,250 each— Filbert st.. near Scott: magnifi-
cent marine view; lots 27:6x137:6 feet
each, and corner 65x137:6 feet.
»7,50O— Jackson, near Central ave.; grand key
lot. 0Oxr_T:S»/i feet; ready to build on.
$10,500— Hyde et., near Sutter; flne residence
of 10 rooms and bath; rents for $50 a
month.
$5,250— Natoma »t.. near Ninth; 4 flate; rents
$50; this property is in excellent condl-
stlon; all good, prompt paying tenante;
no repairs necessary; no danger of va-
cancies; a good, uafe buy; lot 25x75 feet.
$17,000— Second-Ht. corner, near Harrison: <0x
B5 feet; flne site for factory or ware-
houee purposes.
i $10,000— PRICE REDUCED.
Van Keea'ave.. east line between Pacific
st. and nroarjway; grand key lot for
apartment house; 45:10x137:6 feet.
$32,500— PRICE REDUCED.
Northeast corner Devisadero and Grove
ets.; 137:0x137 :«: business property:
ehould be Improved with stores and flats;
present rents $S5.
Get a copy of our printed liet of properties
for sale.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
Real Estate Agents,
218-220 Montgomery et.
MADISON & BURKE.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
ESTABLISHED JANUARY. 1858.
30 Montgomery st Opposite Lick House
$10,000— Devlradero st.; store and flate; lot
30xS2:C; new building; rent $150.
$3u,000— Inside business property; on Third et. ;
rent $22 80 per annum.
$7,5OO— Sacramento «t-. north line, near
Stelner; 0-room house, in ftne condition;
this Is a nice home.
J13.50O— Thirteenth St., near Market: 6 flate:
annual rent $1284; lot 60 feet front.
$12,000 — Post St.; two large, well constructed
houses; very large lot.
SOL'TH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
J9.U0O— 6 flate and store below; near Sixth
and Brannan sts.; rent $SC per month:
new building.
$8,000— Ashbury et.. near Frederick: a flne
large 10-room house; near the park:
billiard room, finished attic and all
modern conveniences.
f5,000— Cottage and lot; Bartlett et., near
Twenty-flrst; 0 rooms and bath; all
latest Improvements.
$S F 750 — Grand ave.. near Mission et.; 2 good
flats; price low.
}4 ( 000 — Tenth st.. near Harrison; lot 25x100:
rent ?32.
—LOTS—.
J10.500— Half 50-vara. 68:0x137:6; Broadway,
near Fillmore st. : grand marine view.
fO.000— Stelner st.. b«t. Geary and O'FarrclI
st.; car lines; 2 lots, 55x137:6 feet.
$4,500— Chattanooga St., near Twenty-third:
large lot, 03x117:6 to rear Btreet.
J ______________
$2.500— Dolores ?t.. near Twenty-third; 25-
foot lot running to street in rear; must
$10.750— Page St.; 2 up-to-date flats, fl and 7
rooms and bath: annual rent $000.
Lots 27:6x137:6. on Sutter «t., between Steiner
and Pierce.
Building lots, northeast corner Golden Gate
ave. and Baker st. ; In sizes to suit;
prices from ?2OO0 upward.
Three lots, each 27:0x137:0. on south line of
Geary st., near Fillmore.
MADISON & BURKE,
30 Montgomery tt., opp. Lick House.
FOR SALE.
ASHTON &. GARDINER.
Real Estate and Insurance,
411 Montgomery st.
Telephone M«In 943.
Fine house and lot. 34:4V_xl32:6; 9 rooms,
bath, laundry, wine cellar: key lot on Cali-
fornia st., near Laguna: this will make an
Ideal home: fine neighborhood.
SW. corner of San Jose ave. and Alvarado St.;
(10x114:10: a good buy; street bltumlnized,
flats would pay well on this lot. >
NW. cor. Alvarado st. and San Jose ave.;
20:3x114:10; flne eunny corner.
South line of Alvarado st.; 2 lote. £5x11-1; win
subdivide; this Is a snap.
Ncrth side of 27th; 80x22S, between Douglass
anU Diamond sts. ; a very large lot, running
through to Army st.; bound to Increase In
value.
Three fine Hats on Geary et.. near Van Ness
ave.; well built; always rented; rente $120
per month; must be sold.
SW. ccr. of Union and Dupont sts.; 3-story
frame bullcMng, renting for $12U0 per annum;
offer wanted.
$:50<X) — Fine building lot on Webster st.. near
Oak: 25x1 CO. ,
$42,500 — Main st., near Mission; a full watrr
lot. with 3-story brick building; rent nominal,
can bo easily Increased ; must be sold to close
estate. .
$10.C0o— .1 flne nrw flats. 15th St., near Church;
renting fcr $1050 per annum.
Large lot. 240x240; two corners: at Colma. San
Matco County; ready to build on; high and
dry; good buy.
Chtnn lots nil over the city. '
North cor. Ninth and Bryant ets.: 50x85: partly
•Improved; rents $105 per month; offer
wanted.
'' HAWKS * SKF.LTON.
Rents Collected ard Entire Charge Taken o."
Property.
$17,500— Larkln »t.. near Chestnut: modern
artlbtic house of 0 rooms, 2 bathrooms
, and billtard-room; hardwood floore, nat-
ural wood finish; furnace: grand view
:roin every window: dining-room looks'
rut on the Golden Gate; one block from
Hyde-st. cars; lot 27x137.
$7,200 — Marine view lot; Hyde st.. near Chest-
nut; 36:8x110: very flne view assured:
new bulldln; each side of it; on Hyde-
st. car line. . ¦ . ¦
$5,CC0— Lot southwest corner Larkln and Lom-
bard at*.: 25xlfi5: fine marine view
from »verr window; choice location for
hornis or flats.
$7,CC0— JOctavIa St.. mar Broadway; good
house cf 7, rooms and bath; flne view of
bay from front end rear; bare lot" is
worth t'>« <orlce; 25x137. • >
512,000—3 new flnta. near Halght and Aehbury
ete.; modern every way; 6-7-7 roorn»;
will rent for $110 or better readily.
HAWKS & SKELTON. 323 Montgomery st.
$7CC0 — CHOICE Western Addition home ctuap.
Buchanan and Post sts.
$3000— Fine lot on Belvedere street, near Wal-
ler: n-.ake offer.
{1200 — Fine' Richmond .corner; must be sold:
Clement St.. near 23d ave. ; all level and
ready for building.
$5 per month for a nice lot all ready for build-
Ir.g. near Mlsslon-st. cars: on Naples at.
?OCCC— MJ3SION STREKT PROPERTY: large
lot, J -»o-foot frontage; now paying $06- per
month: this Is a toed proposition and
• cheap. . ' . .
.Me JEW EN_B ROS.. 118 Montrornsry »t.
!J.2r» PER WEEK, no Interest. Lots:ln the
Excelsior^ Homestead Tract; all "level: no
grading, to do; ready to build your little horr.i
on; close to electric cars and school.
. .W.-.J. WHITE.
2fi Montrcmery st.; room 5. . ,
• • '
$tXOO— FOR 11" home that J Is suitable for sum-
mer' and, winter ' residence; In- San Mateo;
en car line: lot 100x180: 8 rooms and bath;
stable, chicken house and yard; easy terms.
D. COFFIN* & CO.; 3303 Mission at. "
FOR sale cheap— Neat 4 rooms an.J
bath, larse basement; terms same as rent
Apply o* ner lumber yard, southeast corner
. Alabama;- and \ Montcalm sts. ¦ , .
MISSION cottage to b«, sold cheap; 49 Francis
st.. -on* Mission:--. 4 - rooms, large , yard with
.-.- exotic flowers, long basement, : bath; lot 25x
\150; bored well .
REAL : ESTATE— CITY-— FOIV SALE. J
KABTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 Market st.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
TUESDAY. APRIL 12. 1904. >.
At our salesrooms at 12 o'clock noon.
POLK-ST. FLATS. •
Noe. :404-2404*_ Polk St.. north of Union,
two beautiful flats containing « rooms and
porcelain bath • each ' and storeroom below;
built only is months; modern In every respect;
rent $.0 per month: mortgage $2000.
PACIFIC- AVE. RESIDENCE.-^
No. 2O27 Pacific ave.. east of Laguna it.;
Improvements consist of a beautiful residence
of 1 room* and bath; very pretty garden in
$7-o rear; unsur » )Msed marine view; lot 25x
MONTGOMERY-AVE. INVESTMENT.
Easterly line of Montgomery, ave., _33:7U
Inches north of Vallejo et.. No. 410-422: lot
irregular In size! having a frontage on Mont-
gomery ave. of 61 feet: present improvements
nominal, renting for $00 per month.
PP.ODERICK-ST. BUILDING LOT.
Easterly line of Rrodwlck St.. 83:6 south of
Grove st.: lot 20x110; this lot Is level and
ready for building, and Is situated In a de-
sirable neighborhood in close proximity to the
Park Panhandle.
SOUTH OF MARKET ST. INVESTMENT.
Nos. 14-14H Rltch et. and 3-3V. EIl 2J be , th
«., between Third and Fourth, off FolsoTn St.;
Improvements consist of six tenement flats of
8 rooms each; permanently rented for $<08 per
annum; these flats are- occupied by first class
tenants; rent payable strictly in advance.
_ MISSION BUILDING LOTS. .
Easterly line of Alabama Bt., liM feet north
of Twenty-third: lot 20x100; level and ready
! for building; this property has an assured
future.
: CLARA-ST. INVESTMENT.
; Southerly line of Clara Bt., 3SO feet west of
Fourth; lot 23x75; Nos. 137-137'.; lmprove-
' ments two cozy flats of 5 rooms each; new
modern plumbing; patent flush toilets; rents
303- rer annum.
UNION-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
Southerly line of Union st., 3.:6 west of
iLaguna; two well situated lots. 25x100 feet
rach; this rortion *of Union st. Is a business
block; stores and flats erected on this prop-
erty would bring in a handsome revenue.
DOLOREP-8T. INVESTMENT.
East line of Doloree st., "0 feet north of
Seventeenth; Nos. 388-390; Jot 64xlfiO; improve-
ments consist of three flate of 4-5-6 rooms and
one double cottage containing 4-5 rooms: pres-
ent rents very low at $60 50 per month; this
property will be sold to close an estate.
SACRAMENTO-BT. RESIDENCE.
No. 3011> Sacramento St., east of Baker; lot
27:6x132:0; Improvements a handsome two-
story reeldence containing 9 rooms and bath;
plumbing in first class condition; mortgage of
$0500. HIbernia Dank.
For further particulars apply.
j EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.. 638 Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE^ CO.^^
$18,."iOO— New flats. Sacramento St., near
Stelner; 7-8,8 rooms and bath; pays excel-
lently.
$16,000 — Elegant residence of 10 rooms ana
bath on Vallejo st.. near Franklin: grand ms-.
rlne view; this house must be seen to be ap-
preciated.
$15,000— Ellle-st. flats, near ficott: sunny
side of etreet; fl flats: rents $115 per month;
should be Increased; 75 foot frontage.
$14.000— Shrader St.. neur Waller: 4 flats.
2 of 5 rooms and "bath and 2 of C rooms and
bath: rente $115 per month: 40 foot frontage;
mortgage of $6000 can remain.
$12,500— Park Panhandle flats. Ashbury st.;
3 brand new flats of C rooms each; high base-
ment, porcelain ' baths; artistically papered;
perfect beauties: rents $110 per month; key
lot: sun In every room
*10,0O(V— Waller st. near Webster; 25x80: 3
flats of 5-5-fl rooms and porcelain bathtubs;
stationary waghstands; elegant mantels, etc.;
rents $1110 per annum.
$8250 — Rents $780 per annum; 2 modern
and up to date flats on Scott at., near Page.
ffiOOO— Cottage In the most beautifully sit-
uated portion of San Francisco, overlooking I
the bay. Alcatraz and Angel Islands and the
Golden. Gate stralte; 0 rooms; porcelain bath:
large basement: beautiful garden; lot 37:6x110;
built only 4 years; etreet bltumlnized; concrete
sidewalk.
$5750— South of Market flats; rents $59 per
month: two frontages; tenant* pay promptly.
$50oO — Guerrero st.. near Eighteenth: ele-
gant 2- story residence; 35 foot front; mort-
gage $3000.
$425O — Elegant n«w residence: 7 rooms and
porcelain bath: 2 patent flush toilets, hardwood
floors In halle; finished In natural wood; walls
beautifully frescoed and decorated; Fourth
av*.. near California st.. Richmond.
$.1500 — Sanchez st.. near Twenty. fifth; 2 mod-
ern flats of 3 and 4 rooms and bath; mort-
gage $1200; rents $3CO per annum.
•.2900 — Twenty-sixth st., near Howard: 2
stoles with 2 adjoining rooms and flat above;
renting for$312 per annum.
$2500— Rents $240 per annum; 2-story frame
building, consisting of 2 tenements of 4-5
, rooms; ori Guerrero et.. near Scott.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
GS8 Market st.
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
GRAND EXCURSION AUCTION SALE !
Saturday. April 23. 1004. in the City of Chlco,
Of Town Lots and Acreage Property, the
Ninth Addition of th«
John Bldwell Rancho,
Fronting on Humboldt Avenue.
The excursion train will leave San Francisco
on Friday. ADril 22, at 8 p. m.. from the
Market-strtet ferry, leaving Sacramento at
3:30 a. m. Saturday, and will be due at Chico
on Saturday, April 2.1. early In the morning.
Pullman rare will be run with the train and
double berths can be secured for two nights,
round trip, for $2. Returning, the train will
leave Chlco Saturday evening. 10 o'clock, ar-
riving In San Francisco early on Sunday morn-
Ing.
Special reduced round trip tickets from all
Intermediate points, good on local or excur-
sion train, of a single fare one way for the
round trip.
For further particulars, apply
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
6.18 Market at.
GREAT SUCCESS.
WESTERN ADDITION BLOCK SELLING
FAST.
LARGE LOTS IN JORDAN TRACT IN BIG
DEMAND. . l
PRICES $1700 TO $1S5O.
A short time ago Western Addition block
No. S53, a portion of the Jordan Tract, was
offered for sale In lots, most of which are
not less than .11:4x120.' since which time 15 loU
have been sold In uplte of Inclement weather.
Building restrictions which hold good for 10
years will be enforced. These restrictions pro-
hibit the use of the property during this pe-
riod for stores, laundries, coal yards, etc.
Three-story flats are also barred.
Th«se restrictions and the large lots are at-
tracting a superior class of purchasers, who
believe that a block sold in this manner win
Increase nn value, as well as those who wane
to 'make, desirable Improvements without the
fear of b«lng Injured by their neighbors.
Terms of sale are one-fifth cash, balance In
4 yearly payments of one-fifth each, due In 1.
2, .1 and 4 years, with the privilege of paying
ffcfctfr.
The property enjoys unexcelled car facilities,
being reached by the Geory, Eddy and Sacra-
tm-nto st. lines, as well as the Sutter-st. ro.id,
which tran«fer* to the Clement-*t. line.
The prices ranfe from $52 SO to $55 a front
foot, which Is extremely, low for property so
well" situated. Since the property was placed
on the market 15 lots have been sold. TIik
streets are nil ?0 feet wide, graded, sewered
and m»cad3mi;»d.
LYON & HOAG.
110 MONTGOMERY ST.
B. GETZ. Room 22. Chronicle BIdg. ;
OWNER AND DEALER.
NEW BLOCK on the . OCEAN BEACH.
STREETS GRADED.
' Lots Level on the Grndo to Build Upon.
Superb View of the Ocean.
Easy Monthly Installments. .Perfect Bargains.
$C0 to $400 — Ocean Heights and Boulevard lots!'
JC50 to $5C0— 19th-ave. Boulevard lots— Graded!
?25."> to $irOO— Sunsret and Richmond lots on
block facing Spreckels Lake and new Park
Speed Tract; easy payments.
$ir>0 up — Excelsior Homestead lots; level on
grade: city water: Mlsston-st; cars.
$75 to $100 — Ocean View level lots; streets
graded; city water; name your own pay-
ments.!
$i0C0 to $5000— Modern houses and cottages in
all districts on very easy Installments.
Call at my Office. Room 22. Second Floor.
Chronicle Building. .
kelson, johnson"* co.. •"
SOS Montgomery Rt.. : opp. Mills b'.dj.
BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE. .
Foreclosure. Probate and Forced Sales of AH
Kinds 'Will Be Found In Our
UP TO! DATE BUYERS' GUIDE.
. An Illustrated monthly catalogue.; contain-
ing a carefully selected list of cheapest proper-
ties offered on the - market In every location.
Send us vour address and we will mall you on*.
NELSON. JOHNSON & CO.. .,
- 2C5 Montgomery et.. opp. Mill* j bldg. '
ARE YOU . .
INTERESTED IN KNOWING .
Where you can buy a new, well built home. of
5 rooms. <:ozy and .select In every, way, i within
half I an hour's , ride of • downtown;, . for $2730
on monthly payments? If so," write P. O. box
2412. San Francisco. ...-¦¦
TWO prttty homes Just 'completed In th« Mis-
sion: ft. rooms, bath: about $1000 down, bal-
ance easy. See MOIStl. 320 Sansome st.
JOHN ». gyxtSCTCBItB. Froprlator.
"..cairn ccEEii-icgticss to ion k^apght, Mmztr
W. J. MARTIN Baslnes» Manager
"teXePHO N E.
Ask for THE CALU The Operator Will Cob-
B»ct You With the Department You wish.
Publication Office Market anaT* 1 '" 1 .** *•
Editorial Room ..211 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cti. Per Week 7B
Os. Per Month. Plnglt Copies 8 'Cents.
Terms by Mall, including Postage <Cs*h wun
Order): •• no '
DAILT CALL <lnclud. Sunday). 1 year...!- ¦""
DAILY CALL Ondud. 6und«y». « mos.... •_w
DAILY CALL— By Blngle Month «j"»
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Tear f-JL
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Tear >;VVV8V^
FOREIGN J p*BdaV. 4.13 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE. \ weekly. 100 Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTION B.
Famp'.e Copies will be forwarded wt»ea r»
quested. , _.,
Hail subscriber* in ordering <*ang« «» JS°T
Cress *hould b« particular to give «>oth Nt- w
ANU OLD ADDRESS In order to *
prompt and correct coxnpHanc* with u»«t *»
¦jueau
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1118 Broadway Telephone Main lUN
BERKELEY OFFTCE: „ .„ —
tits Outer Street Telephou* Norta 77
WA6HTNGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. WALL Hotel B*" 00
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Aetorta Hotel; A. Brentaao. 31
Union 6Qu»re; Murray HU1 Hotel; Flrth-av»-
cu Hotel and HoCCmau Hous.*.
CHICAGO NEWS FTAND9«
Pfcertnan Hou**: P. O. News <_*•• °"**
Northern Hotel; Tremont House: Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer Hous*.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KIlOGNE6S..Marauette Butiain»
(Long Dlstanc. Telephont."C«ntral 2819. )
NEW TORS REPRE6ENTATIVE.
fTEPHEN B. SMITH.... SO Trtbun* BullOlE*
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Bquar*
BUSINESS OFFICE ef tb« Ban r** 0 * 1 *?*
Call, corner Market and Third streets; ©pea
until 13 o'clock every night In th» y«*r.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market street, opposite Fifth: open airtll
11 r- m. ._. __^_
t27 MoBtgamery street, corner Clayt CP««
until t>:SO r nx
IKH» Hayes rtreet; cpen until 9:30 P- *»¦
*B» McAllister street; open until 8:30 P. «*•
«16 Luxkin etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1W1 Mission etreet; open until 10 p. m.
=261 Market street, comer Sixteenth; ©p««
until 8 p. m.
1M Eleventh street; open until » p. m.
ir)9« Valencia etreet; open until » p. m.
Kertheast corner Church and Duncan rtre«U.
open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner of Tw*nty-w«oo_, and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 0 p. m.
HOP Fillmcr* street; open until 0 p. m.
REAL. ESTATE — CITY FOIt SAI-tt.
116 MONTGOMERY ST.
Ser.d fer our printed list of property fer eale
ID all sections of the city.
THREE HANDSOME NRW HOMES.
Three distinct etyles of architecture.
Three chances to be comfortably eituated.
fT&OO to JSOOO— Duboce ave.. bet. Scott and
I>evteadero sts.. directly above pretty Duboce
Park; they contain large reception halls, 4 and
«> commodious and sunny bedrooms; latert sani-
tary plumbing; the first floor* are finished in
•elected woods; marble stepe; hot-air furnaces;
In fact, they contain everything that goes to
make a complete home; grand views; splendid
neighborhood; terms, J2DUO cash, balance
monthly installments; take Halght-st. cars to
Scntt et.. walk 2 blocks south to Duboce ave.;
agent on r r * m l || ee Sunday.
BEAUTIFUL NEW RESIDENCE.
$2000 cash, balance monthly Installments:
an artistic home just completed, on Frederick
n.. east cf Cole. : blacks south cf Halght St.;
Knglt^h entrance: 10 sunny rooms; 4 mantels;
the tnterior is handsomely finished In selected
woods, a swell home offered at a moderate
price; only $7250: key lot; abundance of sun.
MISSION HOME.
$3(VX) — ni:_abeth st., near Sanch<»i: 2-story.
7-room hoAin*-; could be converted into flate if
deelred v«ry easily; lot 2fixll4.
INVESTMENT NEAR TOWN.
flC.Ono — On Fell et.. not far from Market; 4
fiats of 4 and B rooms and bath: 2 cottages on
the r«-ar street; total rents $120; lot over 40
feet; 2 frontajref.
COTTAGE DOWNTOWN.
$2C00— Broadway, near Tajicr et.; cottage
of 4 ro<???»s; concrete foundation; good neigh-
borhood; & bargain.
RICHMOND LOTS.
?3O0 to $600— t2T> cssh. balance $10 monthly;
lots on Point Lobos, 3«th and 35th ave*.; only
• few left.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT.
$«5(*»— Two substantial flats, containing 6
room* and bath each; in Al condition; this is
<^ne of the best renting sections south of Mar-
ket; rented low at $36; mortgage $1300 can re-
main; near 4th and Bryant sts.
54500— Two new flats, near Church and 25th
sts.; 4 anU r> rooms and bath; laundry and
basement; brick foundation; rent $3S.
NEW MISSION FLATS.
$r>_!30 — Two new flats of 4 and 5 rooms and
bath: laundry in basement; brick foundation;
rent $.TS.
j;.*.r.i> — Another up-to-date home; Moorish
style of architecture; close to the park; con-
uUns 6 splendidly arranged rooms; terms. flOuO
••ash. $55 monthly; til the latest conveniences;
paneled dining-room, beamed ceillngB, beautiful
reception hall, hot air furnace; a charming
home; artistic In every detail.
$r>OtH>— Three-story residence of 9 rooms and
b*th: everything in first-class condition; on
31th «t.. near Howard.
HOME ON IJERNAL, HEIGHTS.
J250O — Residence of 8 rooms; barn, rheds,
eir.; C lots; en Brewetcr St.. not far from the
INVESTMENT NEAR PARK.
$Cr>0—Renti» $C60: 2 new flat* of 5 and 6
room* and bath; modern In every respect; with-
in a b^ok of 2 car Hnee and one block of
Golden Gate Park.
LYON & HOAG.
11C Montgomery st.
UN PRECEDENTUD 6ALE OF LOTS.
OVER 200 LOTS FOLD IN KIX WEEKS! IN
SPITE OF RAINY WEATHER.
EAT DISTRICT LOTS IN BIG DEMAND.
J1CW to $1250 Earn.
»1U"O to T12.V) Each.
$'V» cesh. $10 lcor.lrily.
$*.5'.» cash. $10 monthly.
Ha\e you been out to the Bay Diitrict ¦
property :ate!y. from Fir*t I* Fourth avenu»-s, j
Point Ixibor arcH C streets? Over "ISO lots '
h*\* been soid here within tht last six weeks.
Many new i.uilc1'.ri_rs are being started. Toe
property !s adven<irg In value. Never In the
titKtety of the city have lets sold so fast.
Take a car urid he» tl>e property and you will
ur.dersifi'xi tne rrason for the rapid file.
LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery et.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS!
Inccrr.rarabic "Oreanside Dlst." Lett!
$500 to $12*K): Easy Terme!
Your Choice in New Blocks. On Official Grade.
On H tt.. Fronting tb* Park.
Unobstructed View of Park and Ocean.
lias Positively Iht Best Future in This City
For Home fites cr Speculation.
Over 300 Lovs Sold In a Few Months.
Many PfcysK-'.Riis Atrong Our Purchasers.
¦Who !:ai:i.rn.i: DlMriet for "Cllmatio
B»*t cf Evidence I'lom Jlun^redi of Owner*
All Bergaini! J-'e» Vhem To-day!
<J«t OS Cars Corner II «t. and «7U» ave.
Oceanslde liranch OOK-es. Corner H it and
Fcrty-«e\i-mh a\e and Corner K st,
and Forty-ninth eve. Optn
£unda;s and ll.iidaye.
$T6 to £230— Near Park. Ocean and Epreckels
Lake
Superb View' J3 Monthly.
$;S0 to $460 — Level F.xce!*lor Homestead Lots.
$5 Monthly.
i:200 to $3SC0— Modern Cottage* In Sunset.
O-*ar.«id<\ Richmond _b_ E_>ce!eior Home-
stead. Easy Terms!
Cunaet Branch Office on Dth ave.. near II it.
BOL GETZ & 1=ON. Owners and Dealers,
Hooci H <ith fl^jor). Chronicle bulldicg.
S5 PER MONTH?""
Investigate the City of Richmond where the
Ftandard Oil c/.n.ij any. Santa Fe Railroad
Company, f«outh« rn Pacific Kallroad Company
tr.'J numerous manufacturing plants are at
ti«.rk. l-ots rure to Increase In value. All
Itrtl. Maps fret>.
RICHMOND LAND COMPANY.
Crocker Building, «. F.
HOUSE and lot. with 2 flats and finished" base-
tutr.t; on reasonable terms. Be* 1211. Call.
HEAL E8TATE—OITY— FOa alAXB.
DAVIDSON * IXIGH^ \£^
Phone Main 123.
|16 ._CO-G»k«dge
rear street: present Improvements, three
.t;-.. modern flats and two-story &ou»*;U »tal
rents $125; could be made pay double.
SSBB m.rbr.?e p pV. ed Pii?e^wr n -
Sows. o.k doors, etc.: on eaat aide of
bltumlnUed street, south ot Panhandlt;
let 25x125- a rare bargain.
$10 000-Rents $108U; •» sunny, n^'Sth^.^h"
rtutlal flats. 5-6 rooms and baths each.
from Kearny «t.; 2 car Unas, large lot.
$10,000^Re X nted low to oM tenants at t™V**
* month: prominent corner south of Mar-
ket it close in; old stand tor £joce r 7
and bar; must positively be sold this
$10.000 W -Old-estaWlshed W. A. v 5. u » lae , 9 J' I l^ r ;
ner: yrocery and 2 flats a**™ Pf°?f!^
well kent up and never va cant, large „
lot, 30x75; tenants pay all repairs. •
$3,B00^ J Rents I $77'per month; 2 -well fl£> <«
Presidio Heights. 6-7 rooms and baths,
these flats have the latest *«««•»
architecture, being verit * ble
ants Insist on leases: street MUmtn™V
concrete walks; sun all day; l«On» 7 *
$8.5OO-Rare Investment on . Callf°rnU s t .
close to Hyde; north "'^Ljnrfi^Ylte^
with two frontages; good building •"••
-n bt'maar^^VrremVe?^^
$7,C00^Mlghf'take less; swell ta»»»»*«ta t - «»
the best business block on th«w« : ilda
of Devlsadero St., S0:6-foot frontage. *
bargain; must be sold ; large »«£«¦•£
$C25O-Rented ridiculously
annum: new owner could almost dout>i»
rents: 3 flats near Haicht - a^. W « b !!'f;
20 foot lot; street bltumlnized :co ncret*
walks; this Is absolutely the be«t offer
on the market for a speculator.
$5.6OO-Rents $57 50 per month; store as« .
rooming-house above, on main s treet
south of Market; has a high speculative
value besides paying high »»*««•*• .
$2,50O— Cozy cottage of 4 rooms and bata in
Ml-sion warm belt; west of Valencia-
st.; 50 feet north of 24th st.; street wor*
$l,250 d ea'cn-2 lots adjoining above dwcrlbed
* cottare; 25x100 each: they ar« ««*?•
this property must be absolutely sold to
satisfy bank mortgage. .
$1,SOO-Lots on Broderick St.. »«10O Jim
two frontages: have Ju*t been placed on
the market and are well worth your Im-
mediate lnve«tlratlon.
DAVIDSON & LEIGH. 207 Montgomery at.
KPF-riC & CO =03 MONTGOMERY ST.
6PE Opposit^ntrence to Mills .Building.
<;rIL ,« E^ ESTATE aGEXTS Leasing.
RENT^^COLLECTED. INSURANCE-
GRAND DOWNTOWN CORNER.
$210.000— Vicinity of Powell and E" 1 * **•;;
two corners; 5 atores and 85 roonw, aT-
moit 100 feet frontage; can *• leas%i
for $1475 r>er month. 7 1-3 per cent
APARTMENT" HOUSE CORNER-
$120 COC— Corntr apartment house; best loca-
tion; 110 room*: finest m****" 1 *f:
polntrr.ents throughout; lot 54x37 It.,
rent SS7.1: 10 years' secured lease, as-
suming $4.->,0OC; investment pays 1O per
12°PER CENT INVESTMENT.
$ICO,0CO— Rent* f'WO annually; cash •ecurea
l*aso; no better tenant: modern bullti-
ing' lut 15x137:6; investment $u0.00i>
cash and assuming benk mortgage of
*30,000 at 5% per cent: pays 13 per
cent net.
i:<7:«!xl37:6 CORNER.
$50,000—137:6 corner Golden Gate av«.; sub-
stantial improvements: siway* rented;
$3O,G*iO mortrage at 6*. per cent per
annum can remain; selling: en account
N of owner's departure to Europe; rea-
sonable offer entertained.
tr," 500 — Bush St.. near Taylor; Improvements;
lot 41x137 :B ft.; well leased; bank
mortgage $1B.OOO can remain
SUTTER- STREET BARGAIN.
$"6,000— Sutter st.. near Leavenworth: nortn
side: good 3-str-ry Improvements; lot
27:6x137:6 ft.; rents ?130; renU can b*
increased: no reasonable offer refused.
MAGNIFICENT RESIDENCE.
S"5 0C0 — 17 roorra and baths; elegantly nn-
lshed In hard wood throughout; pano-
ramic vltw: lot 53x137:6 ft.
$105 MONTHLY INCOME.
$5 COC— Cash only; $7iW balance bank mort-
gage can remain; 3 modern flats; o. ».
7 rooms and baths; lot 25x84 ft.; rents
$105.
POST-STREET BARGAIN.
« 1S 50<>— Lot f2:«xl2»; 2 frontages: e*#: of
Fillmcre St.: Jmurovements in first-
class order: rents $140: bank mort-
gage of $10,000 can remain.
FINE INVESTMENT.
$13,0CO-Rent $130; good flats; vicinity of.
Van Ness and Grove: lot 27:6x120 ft.;
this bargain Is hard to beat. '
S 13 500 — Modern flats, near Fillmore and TVal-
. ' ler sts.: rents $122: lot 5O feet frontage.
BUSINESS CORNEIJ.
$5 500 — Two stores and four flats: corner
north of Market st. ; 43:6 frontage;
yearly rents $'.>6fi: paying 11 v_ per cent.
BIO INTEREST PAYING FLATS.
$"5 COO— Corner. Western Addition; rents $230;
lot 37:Hx*5; splendid new building.
$22,500 — One-half block from Market St.;
rents $171: fine Improvements; lot 75x
100. ¦ ¦
$10.000— Annual rents $21S3; Golden Gate
Park modern bay window flats; lot 50x
137:0.
$13,300— Ren' s $1440 yearly; 4 new flats;
near Park Panhandle; lot 37:6x112:8.
SPECK & CO.. 2cp MONTGOMERY ST-
"A . J. GUNN. CALIFORNIA ST.
(Savings Union Building.)
$1,SOO— 21st ave., 125 ft. south from Point
Lobos ave.. weet side; 3 choice lots.
25x120; on the grade; street graded and
macadamized: a flne buy; convenient to
the electric cars that pass every few
minutes on Clement street.
$4,eoo— The choicest building site north of ths
park: it Is admitted by all that this
flne N.E. sunny corner is the most de-
- slrable corner In Richmond; It fronta
120 feet on the sunny side of Clement
and 50 feet on the east stda of 12th
ave.: the marine view Is very flne: the
electric cars pass- every few minutes;
the fact that several offers have been
made by architects and others looking-
for just such a lot shows how desirable
tt Is; 10 flats can be erected and lonx
leases can be obtained. Insuring ' a
steady lnccme.
$tO.onr.— Webater-st. cor., 110x100: car* pass.
$2,100^ — Webster-st. corner. 25x100.
$3.000 — 10th avtr., N."W. cor., 57:6x100.
$250— 27th-ave. lot. 25x120.
St.GiM) — 6th ave.. near Lake; 25x120.
$1,K'O each: 2 lots; 11th ave.. near Clement.
25x120.
W. J. GUNN. 030 California _tre«t.
$0000 — FOR sale — t new flats: all rented; coit
$10,000; mortgage $4500. 6H per cent, cash
$4500 upon -which lnccme Is 13 per cent net;
' Chenery St. San Francisco. AMOS ROC.
F.RT3. 1210 Grove st., Oakland.
FOR sale — Chen«ry and Fairmont st.: new
flats, S and 6 rooms; jurt finished and rented:
$4750; terms; a bargain. Box 43, Builder**
I Exchange. San Francisco. ,•:
REDUCED from S120O tc $SOO: lot 57x103; Xoa
st.: graded, sewered; grand view. Box 1564.
Call, office. ¦
$1250— COTTAGE. 4 rooms, bath, pantry: lot
1 ".0 ft. frontage; $2C0 cash, balanca SIS month.
Minion Realty Company. 2 Twenty-ninth it.
FOR sale — Mcdern house. 6 rooms and bath: 2
car lines: grand m%rlne view; near CHS
House. 410 Forty-flfth ave. ,
BUILD on jour unimproved realty: ,w» loan
full cost Improv. and part lot at A per cent.
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker bu!Utn«.
$5000— BARGAIN: Chinatown Income property;
fronts on two streets." Owner, box 3621. Call.
WANTED — Cottage to build; day or contract;
low wages; flrst-clars work. Box 3281. Call.
MODERN 5 rooms and bath cottage. Apply
4015. Nineteenth st.
MODERN cottage; & rooms and bath; lot 30s
1B0. 5S2 Preclta ave.. Fclsom-st. car.
LATEST system sanitary plumbing by AHL-
BACH & MAYKR. plumbers. 83« Howard.
FO1AT.KICH.MONI> UK. II. ESTATE.
MILLION'S^F POLLaKs'have BEEN IN^
VESTED AT POINT RICHMOND
BIG MONEY CAN BF. MADE IN REAI.
. ESTATF-
$.'» PER MONTH.
BUY A LOT THERE NOW.
McEWEN BROS- . 11 j Montgomery St.
ALT* FUNTA TRACT.
6tt-g»; on. Santa F» electric ro*d: $270 p»r
acre; building lots $100; orchards and build-
ings $4C0 per acre: monthly payments: send
for maps. HAIGKT." 401 California »t..S.F.
'PROPERTY WAXTEdT"
WANTED— Western Addition -residence of
about 9 roomt: good locality, about $5500.
Address box 3542. Call office.
WANTED— 5 to 10 acres rood 'land In bearing
fruit or "vines; rood water and buildings.
[ Box 1513. Call office.
WANTED— To lease snail ranch suitable for
Chickens; would purchase stock. Box 15 IX C*U.
REAL ESTATE—CITY— FOR SA _^??_ >
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
25 POST ST.
$11.000— Clayton tt., nr. Halght; new bulld-
. ing in separate flats; rents $1-5;
lot 27:GxlOO:3. . .
?15,000 — Buchanan-si, corner: rents $100:
large lot, S0x75; store, flats above and
adjoining cottages.
$5,250 — Buchanan st.. not far from Sutter; 2
flats of 5 rooms each;. rents $36.
$12,500— Broadway corner, nr. Powell: brick
and frame Improvements; rents $36.
$1S,500— Halght ft.; rents $140 per month;
largo lot, 68:0x137:0; 4 frame dwell-
ing.
$5,000— Albion ave., nr. 16th and Guerrero
tts.; 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath
each: rents $15.
• $1,250— Church st.. nr. 27th; lot 25xS0; cot-
tage of 3 rooms.
$17,500— Stockton et. nr. Jackson; lot S4xlO0;
3-story and basement brick bulldiiig.
under lease; rents $75.
$1.100— Vallejo st.. nr. Leavenworth; lot 23x
CO; 2 flats of 4 rooms and bath each;
rents $34.
$30,000— Sacramento st., nr. Kearny; large lot.
runs through to Commercial st. ; brick
Improvements; rents $160.
$100.000— New, swell apartment house of 1S2
rooms; lot eS:Uxl37:6; rents $750; se-
cured lease; vicinity California and
Hyde sts.
$16,500 — Pine st.. downtown location; large
lot.' 35x137:8; rents $122 50; brick and
frame improvements.
$4,250— Pacific st. ; large frontage. 34 feet;
rents $30 per month; 2-story brick
building; store and flat above.
$7,600— Powell ft., nr. Vallejo; lot 40x68:0;
frame building of separate apart-
. ments; rents $70. t
$20,000^ — Powell st.. downtown location; large
lot. 45x110; frame Improvements rent-
ing for ?165 tier month.
$1S,SOO — Paciflc-st. business property: large lot
4Sxl37:9 to rear street; brick and
frame Improvements; rents $168 50.
$9,000— Rents $00 per month: Montgomery
r\.; large lot. 07:6x137:6; 10 flats.
1 $17,500 — leavenworth St.; 3 elegant flats of 7
rooms and bath each, wtth superb
marine view; lot 27:6x107:6; rants
$1.J7 W>.
$20,000— Larkln st., downtown location; Urge
let COxlOO; frame buildings; rents
$120.
$3,000— John st., nr. Powell and Washington;
lot 23xC0; 3-story frame building of
10 rooms and bath.
$25,000^ — Jones-st. corner, downtown location;
large lot. full depth. 137:6; present
frame Improvements rent for $90 per
month; splendid building site.
$6,500 — Green ft., nr. Stockton; lot 27:t5x
137:6; br'ck building.
$15,000 — Ellin st.. downtown ins'.de location;
lot 2fi:10xS7:0; present frame Im-
provements rent for ?f>0 per month.
$4,100 — Dupont-st. ccrner; 77:8x60; house cf
12 rooms.
AUCTION — 10 marine view, park and pan-
handle lets: Fulton St., street work done;
Parker *ve. (100 feet wide); North Stanyan
st.: McAUI'ter-street cars pass property;
THURSDAY. April 21. at 12 o'clock noon.
Union Square Hall. 421 Post St.; terms, 1-3
cash, balance 1 and 2 years at 6 per cent:
observatory on ground, from which view of
city, bay and ocean can be seen.
fi*rtK .5*anj_fan.
\Z I** ._, !
*=(JI i2 I
? t g " e^ri
5 a " 7 -< I
? g " 7 »
s //6 ~T~]
[a. Z - /
» /oo rr. ml cm.
For farther oartlcularg and catalogues, ap-
ply to HEN'RY STERN of David Stern &
Sons, auctioneer and real estate broker, 11
Montgomery et.
C. M. WOOSTER CO., 648 Market st.
$35,000 — New modern 6-story brick hotel on
Ellis st.; close downtown; rents over $7500; lot
38x120 to rear street.
$21,000— Stores and 4 flats on Hayes st.. near
Franklin: lot 30x120, to rear street; rents low
for $1052. The lot alone Is worth the asking
price.
?20,ono — 3 elegant new flats, up to date; rented
very low for S1S00: 1 block frcm Van Ness
ave. and Ellis st.
$15.5C0— 3 new modern flats; well built, etc.;
renting low for $1<»S; lot 25:0x132:7'.: north
of California *t., near Fillmore.
$12.0uo — 3 new modern flats on Ayhbury St.,
near Gulden Gate Park; rents $1320.
$lO.eoa+-Always rented for $12iK>; 0 flats in
excellent condition near Taylor and Pacific; lot
7SxC0.
A BIG BARGAIN.
J>50(H> — NW. corr.er Chattanooga and Twenty-
each': rented low for $1110; lot 25x100; on
Broderlck st.. near McAllister; $250 spent on
these flats would sell them for $12,500. t /
GILT-EDGE FLATS. . "
$7250—2 modern flats on Ellis st., near Ln.-
guca; i«ntJ low for $790.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
$5000 — NW. corner Chattanooga dnd Twenty-
third nts. ; 50x117 :C, to tear street; 3 frontages;
cars pass the door; In the heart of the Mission
warm belt; If you are looking for a lot on which
flats wiil always rent, don't overlook this.
CHINATOWN SNAP.
$3,V>0— 5- story building near Dupont and Sac-
ramento; rfnt $420; can easily be raised to
$f.CO- mortgage $'J:J0O can remain; new plumb-
Ing.
j_700 — Modern cottage. 5 rooms and bath:
hltth basement; let 23x100: Hampshire St., near
Twentieth.
$2100— A coxy cfjltaKe; 5 rooms on a Laguna-
et. corner: lot 26:Sx«;2:fl.
C. M. WOOSTKR CO.. C4S Market st.
~ CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY.
4H> MONTGOMERY ST..
MOVED FROM MILLS BUILDING TO MORE
COMMODIOUS QUARTERS IN HAY-
WARD BUILDING.
CAPITAL ONE MILLION DOLLARS.
THE ADVANTAGE OF A POLICY In the
Cal. Title Int-urance and Trust Company
when a man wishes to convert his property
Into cash quickly or to make loans upon it
has been i-roven again and again by expe-
rience. Ti>e man with a guarantee title
finds t-at '••« can borroy money with as
much iuw as If he had stocks and bonds.'
THE TRUST DEPARTMENT OF THE
Cal. Title Insurance and Trust Company Is
incorporated under the laws of California to
act as trust*?, assignee, executor or financial
agent, to manage estates, take deed In its
own ntimc lor purchase's of real egtata or
transact any trait business. The advantages
of rmployinr a conwratlon In a trust ca-
pacity ara obvious^
THE ONLY SAN FRANCISCO TITLE IN-
SURANCE COMPANY having a complete lo-
cality plant cr «:o?y of the real estate rec-
ord? constructed especially for Insuring real
rstaie titlea like modern plants of -New
York. Bohlon, Chicago and Eastern cltle*;
reatonable rates; regular trust company
business transacted under State charter; all
matteis controlled and managed by the fol-
IO * ln ]jIRF.CTORS AND TRUSTEES:
WILLIAM ALVORD.
President Bank of California.
CHARLES n. BISHOP. /
Vic* Pres. Bank of California.
P.OBERT BRUCE.
Or Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
HENRY L. DAVIS,
President California Optical Co
P. N. LILIENTHAL.
Manaeer Anxlo-Callfornlan Bank
WARREN OLNEY,
Olncy & Olney, Att'ys and Counselors.
CHARLES PAGE.
. Page. McCutchen & Knight, Att'ys
A. T. SPOTTS.
Mcr. Cal. Title Ins., and Trust Co
JOHN R. SPRING,
Capitalist. 5.70 California st.
INCOME property; south cf Market and Chma-
tow-n: homes Richmond. Sunset.. Mission dis-
tricts; printed list city and country, property;
exchanges. W. J. White.' 26 Montgomery, r. 3.
5 ROOMS and bath: lot 75x160; stable. . 223
Nevada ave.. off Ccrtland.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, -APRIL 10,. 1904.
43
KEAI, I>TA1K Cnnntrr — Kor ¦-!».
W. J. WHITE.
chicken rtANOHLs i:v_nYwii_r._\
EXCHANGES.
I VI. I. CHAIWK TAKKN' OF PROPERTY.
5l_.r;Xi — f-r-t;n_id ttcx-k r&nc:: _.n<: general
¦'ann. m^A _crey; * n:lles front I'ourthouse,
klendOdao i.'our.ty; :X/0 scree tillable; 2 com-
dlfto kct* of faim buildings: well supplied vith
v. strr «mJ an uliunu&ncu of live oak timl>er;
iN re ui# several p_t_b_f n:iial>le for clfalfri.
$ROno — Only .Ti mi.!cs of ocyaenrUte. the <;cm
• f Jvaiioma «'o_nty: V* mile sood i-chool: rural
•nail •l-.J!\\ry: CO acres.; :u< acrct rich bottom
!_uJ: 2 ei_v_ orchard; 15 ncrc* vineyard, a'.l
• caring; A jurcs .-.i:_ira: well fenced tnd cross
'-;icco: R-ivom hou^e. 2 go<«d barn*, nice spring;
l.u\p other l>aru«iins. in this euperb s'ction.
£tSOO— &UI* «r.d a hu!f of St. Helena; IC3
MM . Sti under cultivation. 0 acrce Jxraring
orchard, 5 ccit>y vineyard: watt-r pii^-d to
bull-foes: firx 2-i-tory roklonoe. Ftabli\ bain,
» _rrias«-h-Vic; o;icc :o:usod $ 12,00i» ca?h.
SCUU — O:uj 1 r.ii!c of town; W) acres: l-.ouse.
tivea, vines, Ktt;c-; l.'i acre? bottom lar.d;
I •::.« r and quant coid: 2 carden patrbea, out-
•.'de r*n;e. lovls. lurniture; lurc-cd :-ale.
MGGO-~N«_r M-.-rc-TiJ City, en main road; 40
:; ;e* :-icli _in<i; r» acre* bcarl— S ollv«-«. It) acres
alialf*. r.'_ _<tcj« b.-nrins BCCt .aid; 2 %(!lt; all
uriUcr ditch; fine cottage. 5 room*: sterl wlml-
tnUJ i-.nJ tr.r.K; ,/coo ii_r_ ; Loo-bO-m, j:r_r.arj'.
ii'Uliry hmt>. la CO— _to r houses; nice income;
cash cr ii-vie lay counties property
— al:\\l;-'a lani-g.
Rich Mack l_ml. iw-ar Stockton, subdivided
:-i *^i;!l am eta at $i£ ikt acre; one-thirJ of
er.>ji u.th j;U.ie.
Adjotnlac the town r,r Lodi. both bearing
vineyard land an<l uniirrrovea under ditch;
» ; )_r> 10 sic 3 per ncrv.
$59 r«-r ccrr; 10 acres u;«; under ditch; 4 J 1-
rr.ilr* ircn L~>_ I, on main county road: alEO
1»nd on U:e ESJ— — — Uun ditch ae low as $45 an j
acre.
good morr.uTY wanted.
I bav« B-ve r_ 1 paitlck with good income j
vroj-^crty tv trade for cheap cour.try homes; also I
i«.dj,'iTig-house-(-; n:any oath buyers; list your j
property.
V-5(X; — (>0 acres; 5 miles frcm Santa Crux; £f' |
acres ur.dcr cultivation, balance rolling and
fmc rtcep: «n;atl orchard ur.d vineyard. lw»r-
injr: cooJ 7-ruotn hou«e., tiarn. outbutldings:
l>a:i_ forccloeurx-; f.io() down and b— lau c*
r.-."<nhly j uj-mtntf. if dckired.
?10.000 — In Sonoma County; 500 acres -.-ell
fcrce_ in 3 fielil*; house: 3 large barns; Oairy-
!'cu*e; well watercfi; 200 acres tillable: all
>ve!: 24 aero 8-yenr-olJ orchard: 30 head cat-
ttet 2l» hogs: farming implementh. t-te. ; fr'OOO
Riortgace: trad* tor bay property.
fSCtiO — 20 acrtj sandy loam, only 2'i miles
of Petclunia; house. 5 rooms and balhipart cash.
$5000— Best ranch In Southern Oregon; 32ti 1
Acres; _ sets good Improvements; well fenced; !
orchard: 5 horses; farming tools; outside range, j
Ji.Vi' — 30 ncrea clo»e to Morgan Hill, B-Bta |
Clara County; 20 acre* bearing orchard and
vineyard. 10 acres hill pasture; nice hard
flnithel cottage cf S rooms: outbuildings; fine
Income; would trade for income city property.
$1100- — Only 6 tnlie« from Courthouse; t>0
acre»; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
part cash; near Hed Bluff.
•I7.CW0 — Finest ranch In San Joaquin County,
betwwn Stockton and Lodl: water near sur-
face : good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acre* rich land. 1 mile of C— 3avera« River,
on main roafl; mortgage $»«X>0; would trade for
first -class property near city.
(4300 — Near Newcastle; 21 acres; oranges,
cherries, peaches, lemons, plums and apples;
small but nice house; only $1500 down; have
terg-ir.s In this vicinity from $1000 up.
$2_M> — 10 acres, all in apricots Just com-
mencing to bear; 6 miles from San Joee; lovely
home; half caeh.
J170O — in Sonoma City; 3^ acres: all level:
good houfc*. barn, windmill, tankhouse: IS
poultry houses and yards; eome alfalfa; ppring
-.agon; f>(X> chickens; feefihouee.
5^500 — Only - miles from San Jose; 4 acres;
2Vi acres bearing orchard; hard finished cot-
iar#, t rooms; stable, windmill and tank;
Vswif* — 13C acres cast of San Jc*e. 1-5 acres
in hay; good eoil.
Send stamp for printed list.
W ,T WHITE 20 Montgomery »t., room 5.
PROrEKTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
Kc!l charge taken of property.
_________ #
STOCK RANCHES A SPECIALTY.
''al'fornla, Nevada. Arizona. Mexico stock
• anches for their value for graring— vast tracts
mitable for s-ubdlvision and colonization. Val-
uable not alcne for grazing, but for timber, ag- J
ruulture. oil, minerals or town sites. We have
i::_::y tracts where frost never occurs. We
have many valuable pasture lands where gran
cfcttle are fat in April, when be«f commands
Lba h'.sheet price.
We have business property that will pay 6
per cent net or. cost fcr five or ten years' leaee.
We have residences, up to date, in the land of
il-.e l*mcn, orange, cunt-hine. fruit and flowers, j
\\> have many beautiful orchard homes in '
the :air.vd fanta Claaa Va'.ley, near the Garden |
<Vy of California. Good da'.ry and alfalfa
isuclie*.
We can offer a Mexican grant that will sup-
•ku 10.-00 head of cattle for only $50,000.
U.VMATBO REAL ESTATES:".
_-_—____
CAN MATKO SAN MATEO
____________
THE TINKFT SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR EAN FP.ANC1SCO.
We fcave a rhc>ice list of excellent residence
rror-ertie*. villa eltes and acreas*. Don't fall
to »re u» before buyttic Investigate San
Mateo Park. The Ideal property of them all.
Late of about one acre ..eh. Easy terms.
Bound to be most valuable. See our local
tp«r.t. Frank S. Orutnmon. San Mateo office
open Sundays.
BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post «t-
FAIR OAKS and Menlo TV.rk— Lnnd In this
beautiful tuburb on ea?y tertnf to thore .
bunding bcrne*: fine oak trees: no fees or I
winds; values are lacre_Blr.g rapidly; no*' j
Is the time to buy. . ,
Mer.lo Park— Two *rl<-ndld country places (
for Ba!e; beautifully laid out and ready for t
occupancy; nan be wen by ajtpolntr.if nt. |
Burling-— M — A very complete moderate- .
*izc<1 country home with about five acres j
srarCtn ?.n>l cn-hnrd, HtablPF. etc.; magnifi- (
cent ock trees; house modern In every re- i
Hjr.-t an.l In llrst-rtaSJ condition; will fe';l j
furnished if ticFlrcJ. Pec photographs at j
of fi> e. a barsain. '
FtOr Oaks— Tn leas*- fr<r one voar or longer.
PicturowiUf- eottaue, unfurnirV.ed : very con-
venient to Motion.
Applj to 6ELUY. HOrGKRS & CO.,
11C California street.
SAN M.\Ti:O. UtRLINGAMH. j
P.ffX. Fubuiiian hrai's near Snn Francisco; n<> j
ferry: —tectrie reilroad now ronr.inR; lots and ¦
re. i i<3rtue«; for pale; «> can Bcti gond lots n* ;
low a- $r.n> «ach; we will »>e glad to show ,
tliem; ->e «l>r. have ?• nic B'.rcRge land near ;
by as lew a« >"50n to $200 i-er aero. j
McAFEK r.ROTHEKF.
1CS Montgomery Ft., snn Krnncisco.
Rerirtrnt -Kent. S. <5. OOOPHIK. Western ,
Union Telegraph building. Fan Ma'.eo. ]
K-AL KSTATIi TO liXCHAMitt.
CALIFORNIA LAND FOR KXfHANGK. i
7(X» «cr«r F-nIendiil land, all level and with- 1
in Hi irilce of turnr.. tn healthy tection; J
35 miles nenheaft from «"aplto!. Sacramento. |
<."al. Grows fire grain, alfalfa, oranges ana j
truitts. Kxcfcange for srovl income property. I
Price J2i per acre. $17.">fV>. :
Address A. F. CONNKTT, 1209 Broadway,
Oakland, Cal.
SO ACRES: nr-ar Wrights Station: all level |
land; fine rich loam: price $1000; will ex- ¦
change for lot or small house here In Oak- 1
land. Alamoda or Berkeley. GEORGE W,
AUSTIN. Real Kfrtate Agent nnd Dealer .
<menOx-r of the Oakland Real Estate Atso- 1
elation). 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
PROPERY to exchange: on Mission road, be- !
tween Six and Five Mile houses; 1 acre, with J
house. Address MRS. H.. 20S1 20th at. j
ORANGE and lemon crove with 7-room hous«: !
healthiest part of Southern fal.: exchange S. !
F. rropcrty. W. LILLIE. fl31 Howard st.
WILL exchange cood Oakland real estate !
icRitll mortgage) for unimproved Fresno land, j
W.. 1302 Webster st.. Oakland.
GOOD paying lodfrir.g-houFe to exchange for
smaller house, income property or vacant '
lots. Box S543. Call offlce. 1
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS j
, : 1
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATB. I
' ___-__' V- I
HERE IS A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY.
GREAT BARGAINS. !
FOR SALE ON EASY TERMS !
FOR 30 DAYS. ;
$50 DOWN. BALANCE TO SUIT- !
32 LOTS. !
83:4x123 TO .-.5xl7fi.
PART OF PO-CALLED FROMM TRACT.
TWO BLOCKS FUOM SIXTH-ST. STATION.
THIIITY MINUTES FROM SAN FRANCISCO. 1
HALF DLOCK FROM LONGFELLOW
SCHOOL. ;
TWO BLOCKS FROM CAR LINE.
A HOME FOR EVERYBODY.
Here If a house that must be »?»n to be j
appreciated; lot 50x267; near Mastick station: ;
modern t«-ror.m house; large conservatory, fine [
grounds, fruit trees, stable, chick* n-house. etc..
at it. eacrtflce. j
T am now building several 5-rootn cottages. !
Will be sold on terras. Come and see them.
A modern cottar* of 7 rooms; lot 65x150,
with adjoining lot 45x»50. conta.lr.lns fine fruit
trees: sold as a whole or in subdivisions; 5
ALAMEDA S ADVERTIS'MENTS
AI.AMKIIA KKAl. ESTATB.
WHY
SHOULD YOU
CALL ON
1 '. HAMMOND &" HAMMOND?
BECAUSE
THEY AUK THE LARGEST AND BHS1
AGENCY AND HAVE THE
LARGEST AND CHOICEST LIST TO SELECT
FKOA1 OF IMPROVED AND UN-
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
DO YOU WANT TO BE INDEPENDENT?
IF SO PLACE YOURSELF IN OUR HANDS.
WK HAVE WHAT YOU WANT. PAY U3
A LITTLE DOWN. BALANCE CHEAPER
THAN RENT.
$1100 — Good 4-room cottage, furnished; on car
line; lot 50x130.
$1000— Cottage. 5 rooms and bath; central;
lot SOxlCO.
$2100 — Cottage, 7 rooms and bath; modern; lot
45x140; rood buy.
$2S5fl— Beautiful 5-room cottage on walnut;
l"t :iflxlOO; sacrifice.
ScTiGO — Beautiful 0-room modern house: situ-
ated In the most picturesque part of Ala-
meda; corner, lot 55x150. ;-"•-
4* — _— _
DON'T HESITATE. SNAPS LIKE THIS
DON'T LAST LONG.
HAMMOND t HAMMOND,
1422 Park st.. Alameda.
INSTALLMENT— BUILDERS AND CON-
TRACTORS.
Salesman at office to-day from 8 to 1 -.."JO.
$1250— COTTAGE 4 rooms: In good condition;
near s-.hool and Bay-st. station; lot 50x150:
sti-pet improvements all made; must be sold.
?!700 — Cottage 5 rooms and hath; 'with all
latest Improvements; lot 27:Cxl27:C; near
Grand-ft. station.
$1700— Two- story house of 7 rooms and bath;
near Wlllow-st. station; lot 50x150.
We have hulldinr lot* for sale in all parts
of Alameda and will build to suit on terms of
S.:oo nnd sr.00 cash, balance same as rents.
P!nrs fumft hed snd estimates given" free.
WILLIAM DUFOUR A CO..
C32C fcanta Clara ave., near Park «t..
Alameda, Cal.
FOR *a!e— $2CS0; beautiful 5-room modern cct-
toge; Just completed; large lot. J. H.
YOUNG. 124:; Park st.
J525O—A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time; two beautiful UD-to-date modern 0-
room flats on Clinton ave." bay frontage;
benutlful marine view: degant surf bathing:
bathhcu»»s, etc.; this Is a rara chance: don't
overlook It. HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1IM
Park «t-
ALAMEDA HOUSBS.
FOR rent — Fine C-room flat; modern; on north
side Santa Clara ave.. bet. Oak and Park
Ms.; near stations. HALLY &. (CO., 2313
Santa Clara nve., near Park st.. Alameda.
A LAMBDA inil.MSHED HOUSES.
TO let — Furnished or unfurnished for C months
or year; house of S rooms and bath; large
garden;, good view; 1 block from bay; one
block from narrow gauge station: reasonable
to good tenant. 1297 Weber St.. Enclnal Sta-
tion.
HANDSOMELY furnished ccttage In Alameda
to rent for four months to an American fam-
ily of adults; 7 rooms; excellent location: 2
blocks from either steam road. See HAM-
MOND & HAMMOND. 1422 Park St.
AXAMEDA ROO3IS.
SPEND THE SEASON AT ALAMBDA.
Mrs. Kirske's new establishment at 2110
S_nta Clara ave., corner of Willow ave., *,s
<pen for inspection; single rooms and suites,
elegantly furnished, can now be secured for
the entire season. Appointments can be
made by calling Telephone Larkln 15S6.
FOR rent— J75. furnished, for several months;
» room*, nite'.y furnished; finished basement
and stable: fine location. Apply 1305 Weber
st., Alam-da.
A1AMEDA STORES T0~LE_\
FOR rent— Large store with fixtures; linoleum
on floor: on north nld» Santa Clara ave.. near
Tark Ft.; elcxant location; rent $25- a month.
HALLY & CO.. 2313 Santa Clara ave.. near
Park it.. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
IS BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
A BARGAIN.
$:.r00— Worth JlO.ono; bank loaned $5000 on
this property; must be sold; 8 beautiful
large rooms; good as new; 6H-foot street:
BERKELEY AD VERT'S' M'XTS
BERKELEY_JREAL ESTATE.
JUSTER i- BAIRD.
$2,550 — A nice 5-room cottase, bath, etc.;
Etreet work complete; "must be sold, a
chance to secure a home 'on your own
terms.
SU.OUO — New tj-room house, beautifully lin-
is-hf.d; 2 blocks from Berkeley station;
can be secured on easy terms for a tew
days only.
$3,150 — A 0-room cottage, including furniture
and pictures: situated In one of the best
locations; would rent for $35.
• $3,200 — New 6-room house in fine location; one
block from Key route and S. P. stations.
$3,250 — Elegant 6-room house. Just completed;
* - fine view; close to station.
$3,750— New 6-room house, northwest corner;
» lot 50x135; close to station.
13,760 — 8-room house, near Berkeley station;
south frontage.
$4, CCO — Fine S-room . house; good barn; lot
100x135. This is one of the finest places
we list.
$5,500 — Beautiful 8-room house in the Berry-
Bangs Tract. An exceptionally good
buy.
$5,7D0 — New and elegantly finished house of
0 rooms; on one of the finest residence
Etreets In Eerkeley.
$G,250 — New 10-room house; southwest cor-
ner. Beautiful, view of the bay and
hills.
$G,75O— Beautiful 0-room house in the Hille-
Bass Tract; lot «Oxl60; fine place.
$.6,750— Fine 12-rocm house, close to north
gate of the university; private home,
beautiful si 011 uds. .
$10,000 — Elegant 10-room house; beautiful
grounds, stable, etc.: a bargain.
$20,000— A beautiful home on the southweut
corner in the finest portion of Berkeley.
This is an elegant home for the right
party.
foO.OOO— Magnificent dwelling of 18 rooms.
fronting on the university grounds:
hardwood floors, paneled walls, frescoed
ceilings; everything- In exquisite taste.
JUSTER & BAIRD. 2137 Shattuck ave.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
2149 CENTER STREET. BERKELEY.
Hore are S SNAPS — Don't fail to look into
them.
$000 — Reduced from $650: owner needs a lit-
tle ready money. «o will sell this fine lot.
40x134 with street work all done, for $205
down, balance to suit at 8 per cent on
deferred payments.
$f-50 — Must be sold this week; lot 40x115; street
• graded, sewered and macadamized; ce-
mcr.t sidewalk laid, fenced on three side 1 !,
fine view; only three mlnutea from S. P.
station; any reasonable offer will be con-
sidered; terms can be had.
???? — House of 0 rooms;, lot 80x135; 25 as-
sorted fruit trees; shed In rear, 20x2!);
street work nil done; very convenient to
S. P. station; worth $32.10, but if bought
this week can be had at a bargain; will
make a rood investment for any one.
CENTRAL REAL ESTATE COMPANY.
214U Center street, - Berkeley.
AFTER SIXTY DAYS OF ALMOST CON-
TINUOUS RAINFALL, THE BEAUTIFUL
SPRING DAYS HAVE COME, with sun-
shine, birdi", bees and blossoms, and Ber-
keley Is humming, buzzing, on the jump.
If vou want a home In Berkeley, better be
about it — don't go fishing just now.
Our stock -of goods is altogether too large,
too diversified and too changeable to give - you
anything but a meager Idea of what we
have by advertising. Come and see us.
Tell us what you want and we will try to
show " vou something to suit your taste and
your bank Recount.
We have a great variety of lots at a wide
ranze In rrices. Vou can get nice lots 50x
125 in the Scenic Tract. Mthm two Mrck/s
of the University, for from $1250 to $150<t,
5180ft and $2(HK». and on the south side In
the Plummer and Berry-Banrs Tracts and
other localities from 2 to 5 blocks of Uni-
versity at the same range of prices. On
the west sirte we have desirable lots within
2 to 5 blocks of University at from $750 to
$lf»»0. *12«>, and JS15OO.
LYMAN ALLEN. 2129 Center St., Berkeley.
CHENEY & BERRY.
$2100— Cottape of 5 rooms; modern; good lot;
nice garden.'
$2<VX) — Lot r-Oxinri; east of Collece ave. and
north of Pwlzht: snap.
$«50 — Lot on Ptuart st., 40x130; street work
all done: barsain.
$2300 — C\>zy cottuce; 5 rooms and bath; just
finishing; street work done; terms.
JUST STARTING 3 HOUSES OF «, 7 AND
8 ROOMS. CORNER PARKER AND GRANT
STS.. 3 BLOCKS KROM DWIGHT WAY STA-
TION. PARTY IN BRANCH OFFICE TO
SHOW PLANS AND GROUND. OPEN SUN-
DAY.
CHENEY & BERRY,
Postoffice Block, Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'JrNTS
BERKELEY;". REAL ESTATE.
APRIL'S BEGINNING.
Recorded transfers of property for first week'
of this month:
BERKELEY, 66.
OAKLAND. 50.
• ALAMEDA, 21. .
This tells the story. Berkeley is outgrowing
nil other suburban towns and will continue to
do so. Good and wise people prefer Berkeley.
Why shouldn't you? Own a home on the
beautiful slopes overlooking the bay; 300 feet
above sea level. No saloons, perfect drainage,
grand climate. Here are a few genuine bar-
gains: . . '
$8000— A beautiful home In Peralta Park. .»
minute*' walk .to St. Joseph's Academy: S
grand rooms, besides floored attic; basement
under whole hohfe, contains servant's room,
laundry, store rooms, etc; 0 elegant mantels
and grates, running water In bedrooms; 2 fine
bath rooms; anti-moth cedar, clothes pre.ss; |
solid oak.buffrt; conservatory off dining-room:
large closets; floods of sunshine in every room;
spacious grounds on corner; fine old trees:
abundant fruit and flowers. A genuine rest
place for life. Nearer North Berkeley stajjon
than Bowditch or College aves. are to Berkeley
station. We must sell this to close an estate.
No reasonable offer refused.
56000 — A fln« e-room house in the Hlllegass
Tract; well built, well planned. In excellent
condition; on a magnificent northeast corner:
CCvlUO feet: broad sloe southern exposure: sun-
shine !n all of the B. large bedrooms; tinted
walls; curled redwood Interior finish; concrete
floored basement and laundry; lot alone worth
over $3(i00; unobstructed view of Golden Gate
from garden walks; 2 blocks from Telegraph
car line; one block from proposed College ave.
tar line; $1200 worth of ground for another
house on east end of lot. We can borrow you
$4G<X> on this Property.
W. R. ELLIS it CO., 21S0 Shattuck ave.;
phone North 02. \ _
The snap of the season Is that fine lot. 301x00.
Clairmont. only 30O feet from the College ave.
car line, for $1500; only one left.
$SH>0. If you do want a home you cannot
beat that; a full two-story house of 7 rooms,
with combination fixture?, window shades and
sunFhine heater; within 2 blocks of the Key
rcute statlcn: Funcy Bide of street ; street work
all done; will sell on easy terms. '
I have built two l-.ouses on north side Ashby
ave.; will be finished this week: one already
scld; the other hos 7 large rooms: combination
fixtures, connected with gas and electric lights;
Rtrtet work nil done: positively the best house
built in the neighborhood; mind you, only one
left; who Is the fortunate one?
$. r >500. A fine 8-room house In the Hellegass
Tract; lot 52.\150; near the university: a bar-
gain.
A very pretty Swiss chalet, admired by
all. on a fine corner lot. in the Berry Bangs
Tract; stone foundation; a perfect poem.
$750. A large lot. 210x100; a well situated,
perfectly level piece of property; a very fine
view; Just the place for a summer house.
The Hopkins Terrace; Pacific Heights of
Alameda County; streets all graded and ma-
cadamized; only 1000 feet from Berryman sta-
tion: electric car line to property; positively
the cheapest choice ' property In beautiful
Berkeley. ';:-,". ¦.'.'.'•:¦'• • i- '-¦/-?-,''• 'i*
JOS. J. MASON. Real Estate. Established
j 18S7.. Southeast corner Shattuck ave. and
I Center st.
1 , >
I SNAP; almost new 5-story cottage; bath,
pantry, mantel, city water, high basement.elec-
tric llzhta; lot 50xl3. r i; chicken house; full
grown fruit trees, ornamental trees; street
I work done: cement sidewalks; two blocks to
[ station, school, stores, church, railroad station
! and olectric cr.ra: price $2100: terms. $300 cash.
' balance $18 monthly. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorin;
! open Sundays. '
t BARGAIN; new 5-room cottage: modern; con-
i v* nient to station, school, stores, church; large
1 lot all fenced; price $1650: terms. $100 cash.
balance $18 f><> monthly, same as rent. O. A.
RUDOLPH. Lorln._ Oi>en Sundays. '
A. MURDOCK * CO.. South Berkeley station,
for bargains: we build, buy. sell or «xohan*».
SEB3__!I._;Y ~HOTEI.gr
HOTEiTIbERKELKY REOPENS — This ele-
gantly appointed hous« is now under a new
and experienced management. The service is
first class, the accommodations homelike, the
treatment of guests courteous, the rates low.
The hotel Is Mtuated on Dwlght way, one
block west of the Dwlght way station, and Is
therefore convenient to both the Key Route
and S. P. ferry systems. Rates, per day,
transient, are from $2 to $3. and per month
are $.'?0 to $50. according to apartments. Ban-
quets and wedding dinners will be served on
short notice In the meat fashionable «nd de-
lightful manner. All Interested in this an-
nouncement are Invited to call at the house
and inspect it. Any further Information de-
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS I
FHU1TVALE REAI, ESTATE. j
II. BARKMEYER. 1206 Frultvale ave.. Fruit- '
WILL BUILD YOU A. HOME TO SUIT ON
EASY TERMS.
LOTS! LOTS! . LOTS!
$200 and ut>— In the beat part of Fruitvale:
high elevation; must bt seen to be appre-
ciated: only 15 mlnutta' walk to Frulivale
statlcn. . !'¦¦»; j
$200— A bargain: let 8Uxl'32:0: 1 Mock from
car. line; cliy water; terms; near Elm-
hurst. :
$400— Fine building: lot 4.1x1.17; on macadam-
. lzed i-treet; highly elevated: sewer and city
water; fine chade trees; easy terms.
$750— Elegant lot on East ICth St.. near Fruit- ,
vale ave.: best location in Fruitvale; must
be sold; reduced from $050. j
$100 cash and $10 per month for a good cot- |
tage of 5 rooms and bath; hard finished; (
lot 40x132:6; fiowers and fruit trees In bear-
ing; fine stable; only 2 blocks from car
line; near Elmhurst: price all told, $S0O.
$850 — Cottage of 8 rooms; high basement: cor-
ner lot. 85x120; fruit trees and chicken- ,
houses; 4 blocks from Frultvale Station.
$1050 — Almost new cottage of 4 rooms; hard
finished; comer lot. KiOxlCO: good well ami
pomp; stable and chicken-houses; 1 block i
from car line (Fltchburg). "-j
$100 cash, balance $13 BO per month — Bay .
window cottage of 4 rooms; sliding door*; j
pantry and closets; high basement: 3 blocks |
from local train; price $1200.
FOR PARTICULARS APPLY TO ,
H. BARKMEYER. 12i»rt Fruitvale ave..
Frultvale. Cal.: telephone Brook «XM.
CHAS. F. LEE. Phone Vale 206.
Offlce, half block from Frultvale station.
$250 cash — Neat little 3-room cottage: fine
level lot: close to good school and street cars;
lot 50x100; price, all told. $700.
$300 cash— 6-room 2-story house; Urge
barn, chicken houses; fine well of good water;
property surrounded by good fence; close t>>
local train school and cars; lot 10Uxl27;
price, all told. $1350.
$400 cash — Modern 5-room and bath cot-
tage: large pantry; high basement: sanitary
washtu!>g; double chimney; short distance to
local train, cars and school; chicken house:
steel enamel bath tub: property nicely
fenced; lot 40x115: a bargain at $1600;
monthly payments $18 65.
' $75 lots in the beautiful Rosa Lee tract;
'fine soil; grand view; new homes rapidly
going up; no cold wind* or wet fogs, and lots
only $73 each; $5 down, balance $2 50 per
month.
CHARLES F. LEE. 1222 Frultvale ave.
H. W. DAVIS, Real Estate.
$650 — House. 4 rooms; bath; 3 blocks frcm
station.
$140)) — Modern cottage. 4 rooms; bath;
pantry;- high basement; only 3 blocks from
station
I have only a few of tho.ie choice lots left
• In the Deerlng Tract; get a lot in this beau-
tiful tract before It Is too late; to closn
out the tract I am offering the unsold lots
far below the. price of the adjoining property.
• H. W. DAVIS. Exclusive Agent.
Frultvale ave.. 1 block from station.
SATHER TRACT SATHER TRACT.
Frultvale Station.
Lots any siie you want;' terms to suit;
sewers, electric lights; a beautiful spot; new
houses for sale on terms.
SALSBURY IS EXCLUSIVE AOENT.
FRUITVALE AVE.. NEAR POSTOFFICE
AND 14TH ST.
2-ROOM new house on Sather tract; lot 30x
125; near Frultvale station; $450.
SALSBURY. Frultvale ave.. near P. O.
SPECIAL
FOR THIRTY DAYS.
LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK. LINDA PARK
The terminus of 5-cent fare. Haywards cars-
streets graded and graveled; stone, sidewalks;
depot on tract; lots from {50 to $200; $20 cash
and balance $10 per month; 15 blocks to local
train: beet- located property on San Leandro
road- graded school on tract. Apply to S. S.
AUSTIN 1101 Twenty-third ave.. OrMand.
$4500— A BARGAIN on account of death; an 8- j
room Colonial cottage, dining-room yellow |
plno finished and celling paneled, just com- j
pleted; to be bought for less than what It
cost owner. Get off at Frultvale ave. ; S
minutes' walk from station; must be seen
to be appreciated. H. C. B-, box 300S, Call.
NEW 5-room cottage and bath, with all mod-
ern Improvements; 2 blocks from local sta-
tion; lot 46x125; terms to suit; a bargain
for a few days. Syndicate Investment Co.,
Frultvale.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAMl KKAl. KkTATB. .^
HERE IS A RAISE CHANCE » S
A HOME.
Juat completed, never occupied; contain-
ing o large roonu, ex»>#nsSv«; mantel, open
plumbing, high basement:' v»Ty sunny; lawn
and stone walks, etc.; near San Pablo ave.;
$5oo cash down will buy it.
PAN PABLO AVENUE.
CHOICE BUSINESS PROPERTY.
Lot not far out on San Pablo ave.. in «
good local business center? 25xl-;S wl:h o'd
Improvements that can b« remodeled to gooJ
advantage. • Look this up if you want »
snap on the beat prospective business street
in Oaklend.
$3UOO— New (3-room colonial style house In^
eluding new carpets: clc«e to Grove st. 1
and easy walking «!lstance of town; on
loa" 18 '' dow n. $25 per month on flat
$4000— Thr«e blocks from fijn Pablo and 10th
sts.: !> rooms: |K)rcelain bath: parlors
rurniRhed In curly redwood; lot S.'ixlOO"
on terms of $7Ci> down. $30 per month.
$3750 — t blocks from Broadway, on 10th tt ; t
rooms and bafh; gas: double parlors; lot
50x100; opposite Lincoln Park.
$3C0O— Cottage of 5 rooms; lot r.0x!2S; on San
Pablo are.; a snap; investigate. ;».-•
$26fO— Bran new Gothic style house: n rooms-
porcelain bath; fine location; sunny altle;
close to Grove st.
$2000—10 rooms; bath; lot 37:6x125; fln-'lcc*.
tion: close to trains and cars; mitable for
2 flat*; a snap; easy terras.
$2500— Eattlake rottage; 5 rooms: bath; doub'»
parlors; gas: tiled sink; lot 4tisir.O- 2
blocks from train to San Francisco- 1
block from Telegraph av*. ; this is a very
coxy place and built by the owner;
terms, tash.
$1CO down, balance mcnthly: 6 rooms bath-
double parljrs. high basement brl.-*
foundation: sunny Ml« street; 3 blockj
from local station; within 10 minutes-
walk cf rjroadway; full price $173o
GEOKUE W. AUSTIN
„ . Re a' Estate Agent and Dealer.
Member of t-c O?klana lual Estate Asso-
ilcn.
IWg Broadway. Oak lend.
HOLCOMB, BREED & BANCROFT Inc..
10CO BROADWAY. OAKLAND. ;
UNIMPROVED.
$375—40x120; elevated lot; street work com-
plete; close to schools, cars. etc.
I_.t
$500— lOOxl.-H; close to Santa Fe station anl
ban Pablo ave.; will rocn fce worth $10m>.
050T
SWX>— SCxlO'i; street work complete: clcse tj
Fe and San PabI ° trains: wortn
¦7 I M '0.
$700— Sr»xlOO : very sightly location In Lind*
vista Terrace district; street work com-
plete; ore b!ock to Oakland ave. cars;
fine view and rUTounrfinss.
$1000—33:4x132: on Vernon »t.. Adams Point
•«o^% .__5l; 8treet work c <"n»'««.
$1S2O— 52xl(K); en Summit »t ; sightly lot: ele-
gant surroundings; very choice barsain.
IMPROVED. ".)?'
$_i50.'
House. 7 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.* on
NW. corner; close to business center
schools., cars, etc.; ownsr wishes to sell,
even at a sacri.ic*.
11CO .
TO CLOSE AN ESTATE..-
Offer wanted on an elegant 0-room house,
which must be sold; must be seen to ap-
preciate: on Webster it. and close to local
trsln?, schools, ttc; get particulars at
$4500^ — Actually worth -55O0O.
In Oakland's finest residence district*
corner; first floor parlor, full width, din-
ing-room, den, kitchen and pantries; I
. fine bedrooms, all the latest; new plumb-
ing and lighting effects; 2 beautiful man-
tels; stone coping around lot: terms if
desired; rrice cut for auiek sale.
HOLCOMB. BREED & BANCROFT Inc. '
1QKO BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
-__-_¦__-¦'-•
*--_---¦___.
TAYLOR BROS. K- CO.,
Real Etate, Insurance and Financial Agents.
CUAltl_Sf W <X>E & CO..
Rial fc>t~'e. • attic and _mn»,
7!»-7:« Auxeraifc Bldg.. San Jose, Cal.
j ; OGo— 22 A.&-E- bottom land. 44 acres
pcachej. 11 acre* prunes, all 5 years
old : fine 2-Etory house, barn and out-
tulldlnrs.
(..-, 4uC, — tin acres land. 15 acre* crapes, bear-
ing; 10 acres hay land, balance pasture;
2-Ftory dwelling bam and outbuildings.
$1.500 — 12 acres land. « acres grapes; house
and barn; fim for chickens.
IIM.OUO— 50 acres land; 2O acres grapes, bear-
ing; fruit and hay; fine 2-«tory dwell-
ing barn, windmill and tank; average
Income 4 ye»r». ?:K»2«.
$7.500 — 25 acre* Und. OS acres p»ache». 4^4
r»-ar?. IHi prunes. 3 grapes; fine dwell-
ing, barn and outbuildings.
r-3.500— 1> acres bottom lani. 4 acrts peaches,
4 acres prunes: 6 ytars old.
For further Information address
3. O. HICKS. Agent, Healdsburg. Cal.
JOSEPH STRAUB. SM Market *t.
f_>000 — 40 acres. _5 acres cultivated: 3 acres
vinee. 2 acres orchard. 20 acre* hay and
corn, balance wood; 4-room house; barn, 2
wells.
5U500 — l 1^ acre* In vegetables and berries;
good well for Irrigation, gasoline engine, cen-
trifugal pump; 2 dw»ning-hous<s; barn: all
fenced: in city limits; 'i mile to ttatlon;
San Mateo County.
$ltW0— 1«0 acrts: 10 acre* orchard, balance
pacture; cak and pine timber; good spring;
plenty water year round; good soil for
grape*: house, cellar; corral*.
g]i60 — 40 acres: 5 acres clear; balance wood;
good house; stable; cheap.
WILL he sold at auction; ranch of 161 acre*.
• mlleK from Sar.i— IU>b— , adjoining Mark
Springs; good bouse and barn: 10 acres
• ultiv&tion. balance In pasture; 2000 <-ords of
Marking wood, besides fir and redwo-jd:
•would make • fine summer resort; will be
:--o!d en premises. April 27, at 12 o'clock;
free conveyance from Santa Rosa, Address
DDHLL & GARRISON. Auctioneers, 210
Hlnton ave.. Fanta Itoia.
I HAVE tor *al* several fir.* farms. 120 acres
ar.d upward: price from $25 to $50 per acre;
all !e*'-l. plenty of water and wood, splendid
climate. ;ieor two proposed reads and the
L-«.l»br«t€<5 Eel RIvtr coal fields. For further
particular*, -iddrejs Bex 2, Covelo. Mt. ivi_:no
County, fal. .
ALFALFA. OO acre*. 0 croti*. i>roduclne 4'XJ
to 5»w ton: Irrigated from main ditch; high-
ly Improved; on« milt- from depot; creamery,
<hur'h nr.d school; for quick sale a bargain.
$h7.V). X. W.. .110 Tosemite blJg.. Stockton.
3d r ACKER. IM miles from Morgan H!il: _fl
acres fruit nrxi vines; 10 ceres hay and
laanture; gcixi hulidir.r« and « fine pin -e;
i.rii.-* 1 $4Ti»W; ttrm* or city property. Hex
?H Builders' Exchange, Pan Francisco.
5pOQ*AC_t_S *tcck ranch. Mtndoclno County;
• •nly $4 t*r ecrc: fine tracts of farm and
frait larJ* *n Alamt-da and <\>ntra Coxta
counties. A&drrsr bra 1231. Call offlce.
14OO AT.I.:£ at $<< 50 r>f r acre; only 90 miles
rrotn.e-- Francl*?™: to clow up an ewtate.
>r- «im«r -lolly at I- :•'{«. I'.ICHARD ICE-IT-
INCi:. "<»S Jessie St., fcun Francisco.
V. ANTED— Two BCTCi with modern Improve
merit* stream ;>referT*-d. near train
¦ n4 »-c}ic^-.l: pr« r e not to exc»ed $CO0O. Addrc-r*
J.H.ItlZAiMKRS. "1* Pablo ave. .Oakland.
UOUWTCT rrr.l *»:«£•> and town property, fur-
nlr.hod nnd unfurnished; rr-aaonable rift- J.
A. McCoY. Lcs GatOJ. Real Kstate. Insur-
ance and Collections.
ALFALFA lands. »to_k ranches, orchard*,
vintvards: inspected bargain*: muntbiy tata-
k^-um rent trtfc C. M. WOOSTER CO.. «4S
Market ?_
•Tin A MONTH btj-n « I0--cre ftrm.
*700 iTofit per annum p«r acre.
Write for booklet Ifa fr»«. «»3 J rt
WRICHT & KIMBROUGH. Sacramento. Csl
r< n m\f — ni?lit jicre« orrhari and 0-room
nrtlMtc ?hingl'd I:cum» in Palo Alto: terms to
»-uit. or v.-Jit zutidividc. Box .:5';s. Ceil office.
r-MND for rata!orue '•Ca'lfomln'e Choicest
Acres." WILLIAM r. WRIGHT. Mountain
View. Scn'a Clara County. Cal.
10 AtTinS, 4 mile* ?rcm L'vermore; liouhe,
bam urnl W*U: urmj rcatonablc; price $2oyO.
U. E. <*•» H60 \V«bttcr et.
I "OR rait — Ta> acr<n vineyard la large or small
trarUk nenr Mari!nr-z. i.1. U.. £07 Sixth St..
Oakland.
:<> VCR" 1 * soutlif»*tcrn part Monterey Coun-
ty. FREDERICK. S7"!» _Pevent«?enth st.
llliAL KSTATIC W'A.XTKD.
WAS'TIvU — A house *n<J l<".t en or n<»ar c.ir
i'.nf fcr nst more than $2500. H-ix 1039. C_H.
8 M'RHS for podltfy between IJcdttocl and
city; bfliT-ln". AddrpfcS box ' -CSL .Call.
WANTKD — rrirhaionU lot; prlc« no object.
Box \XZi. Call.
j minutes walk from eitner &road or narrow
i gauge.
$1000 — r.-poom. tU-_tory cottage; lot 25x101;
term».
$1000 — 5-room. 1 -story cottag"; lot -tSxlUO:
terms.
J14C0— 5-room, 1-story cottare; lot 26x100;
terms.
$1750— 5-room. 1 -story cottage; lot 30x103; one-
quarter cash.
$2150 — 7-room, 1-story cottage; lot 54x150;
5Oi) cash.
$2150 — 5-room. 1-story cottage; lot 40xllS; one-
\half «-ash.
•2300 — C-rrom. 1-story cottage; lot 50x150; one-
I 1 half cash.
$3100 — 7-room. 1-story cottage; lot 50x150; one-
quarter cash.
$4250 — 9 rooms; extra bargain: lot 5Ox_C7; fine
location; $1000 down, balance terms.
BUSINESS LOT ON PARK ST.; COxlOO: A
SACRIFICE.
TWO NICE WATER FRONT COTTAGES
ON CENTRAL AVE.. NEAR STATION; BAR-
GAINS. LARGE LIST OF REALTY.
FOP. EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO
REAL ESTATi:- A MODERN 7-ROOM
HOUSE IN UEST LOCALITY.
APPLY TO A. R. DENKE. 14rO WEBSTER
ST.. ALAMEDA.
i _________________
' ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
1 1500 PARK BT_i ALAMEDA.
: GREAT BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
EEE THE BEAUTIFUL HOMES WE ARE
OFFERING.
GET OUR PRICES AND TERMS.
NOW IS THE TIME TO PURCHASE PROP-
ERTY IN THE BEAUTIFUL CITY OK
ALAMEDA. WITH A NEW ELECTRIC
SYSTEM ABOUT TO BE INSTALLED AND
QUICKER SERVICE TO SAN FRANCISCO.
ALAMEDA PROPERTY IS BOUND TO
DOUBLE IN VALUE.
SOME REMARKABLY GOOD VALUES TO
OFFER.
$ir<00 buys n 5-room, 2-ttory hcuee: lot 30x100.
f£O0O buy* 5-room. modern cottasc; a great
bargain. »- • '
fC3<»0 buys a new 5-room cottage; very ch;ap.
$2500 buys a 5-room cottage; lot 50x153; must
be sold.
$S00O buys ft great bargain: elegant cottage,
(I room» nnd bath, and lot.
$3500 buys 7-room colonial house; very desir-
able. • ?_¦
$l."00 l>u>* S-room, modern borne; lot 50x150;
near train and schools. .
! $7500 buys the r»rettle»t b-rooni house in Ala-
; v meda: beautifully arranged; on Ccntrcl
mvc. ; a .Teat bargain.
SPECIAL.
ONLY flO.<H)O.
ORIGINALLY «:CST ?2_.O00; 12 ROOMS AND
HKTll- FINE OORNER I/IT. 75xlS7: A
GREAT CHANCE TO SECURE AN ELE-
GANT HOME CHEAP.
OWNER LEAVING COUNTRY.
ONLY $10,000.
ALAMEDA LAND COMPANY.
150O PARK ST.. ALAMEDA.
CHARLES ADAMS & CO.
A GBBAT BARGAIN AT $3750.
Cottage 7 roomi", bath; fiowers, fruit trees,
: fine lawn; lot t^xlOO; driveway and barn.
1 A BARGAIN.
I $»iof) Modern 2 flats. 5 rooms, bath, laun-
I dry" each: fruit trees; rents for $27; 1 block
1 from *tnUon.
Cottage, h rooms and bath; f#e corner lot.
75x150: beautiful ground*; barn and fruit
'¦ trees $4500
Three V-rccm outtse''i»: lot 37x110 $2000
Ntw 5-room cottage: up to date *23»0
2-*tory house; 5 rooms $2.!C0
New £-room house; up to date $3'J00
»w 8-room house $4200
llau*e cf 7 rocms; lot 50x150 $24CO
CHARLES ADAMS & CO..
• Hay tUaticn, Alameda. Phone C352.
$500 CASH, balance tume as rent, will buy
' one of the prettiest new. modern homes In
AlnmVila; 7 rocms and both: choice location;
half bicck rrom electric earn; 1 block from
' station. H. G. MEHRTENS, 1CO0 Webster
8t., Alameda.
"~A MODERN 5-room cottage; $18C0; easy.
'Fine <l-room cottage: lot 80x150; $3000; snap.
Let 0* feet front, northeast corner; fine lo-
cation; $£50-
S-rrom home: fnnta Clara ave.: $1500.
GEORGE L LEWIS & CO.. 1C01 Park St.
AjTll'i^aTrc ranch f2 almond*). 7-room house.
vindmlH. t-nkhoiise. _ tains, outbuildings.
S ihlcken houses; excellent condition; haif
mllo from depot; including long established
egg shipping burners paj inj; about JICO
monthly; pfif* **00".' w will take irartner
*vit_ aUcmt $2000 ca_h. Bos CIS. LJvermure.
•s diocks to t>otn train*; lot 123x143; large
harn: fruit trees; prettiest garden In
Berkeley; street wor— all done.
$7500 — New 7-room house, with all modern Im-
provements; fine barn; running water to
, house and barn; fruit trees; lots of oak
shade tree*; only 30 minutes to Berkeley;
20 acres fenced and crossfenced.
I $3150 — New 7-room home; frescoed walls: fine
i mantels; one block to cars; $500 cash,
balance $25 per month.
1 $2G00 — Nearly new 4-room cottage and bath;
all furnished, including new piano; lot
50x13.-.; fn:lt trees and beautiful flower
garden: chicken house, pigeon house; half
block to train; owner East.
$1000 — Fine 4-room cottage and bath; lot 40x
ion; 3 blocks to train; *2<n) cash, balance ]
$15 per month, including interest. 1
$1*00 — 5-room cottage: lot 50x150; street work I
all done: Hi blocks from Han Pablo ave.:
$400 cash, balance $12 per month. 1
$120>»— $100 cash, balance J15 per month. In- |
eluding interest; 4 rooms and basement:
let 33:4x135; fruit trees; good well and
pump; clso city water; chicken house;
only half block to train.
$"500 — Fin« corner store and one 4-room and
on* 5-room flat: large lot; 1 block from
main station.
$rr-00 — New 4-room cottage and.2% acres of
land: barn; good well; 4 miles from
Berkeley.
! $2300— Cost owner f2650; see It; only $200
cash. I tlance $2t> per month: 3 blocks to
both trains; fru«. -ees, berry vines, lawn,
all In fine fh.ir-. owner gclns East; 780
5!)th »t.. South Berkeley.
$25(>O — $20O cash, halance ?2n per month; 5
beautiful rooms; street work all done; 2
blocks tn trains.
W. C. MORAN. South Berkeley.
$2t«0— HALF block by the Santa Fe; $50
month.
$140(t — New ccttage. 5 rooms; bath, pantry,
city water, sanitary plumbing: lot 50x100; 1
1 block from electric cars; $150 down. $25
monthly. .
j $K5O— N<>at cottage, S rooms and bath; near
] station of local train.
$500 — I/Ot. 60x120, on bread macadamized
i street; $50 duwn, 510 monthly; Interest C per
1 cent net.
$120(i — House. 4 rooms; garden, etc.;' $150
j down. $10 per month.
; $1850 — House. 0 rooms and bath; lot 50x130;
I small barn: etreet sewered.
i $1250 — Cusinrcs corner on principal avenue;
i lot 00x100.
$1500— Lot for factory site, 221x125.
$250— Triangle lot. 40x120. with creek lined
: with willows: ('.'."> down, $10 .month.
51100 — Houw, 4 rooms; lot 47x1115; $100
I down. $15 :tr month.
S-J75 — HusineFB lot, 20x75; $20 down.
; ?250 — Lot. 50x100; $25 down; $5 month.
! CHAS. A. BAILEY,
100C University ave., nr. San Pablo ave.,
West Berkeley.
1 1
; $1550 — New 4-room .cottage, modern, with
! smnil barn; large lot; sun all day.'
j New 6-room colonial house going at a bar-
j gcin tills week.
Apartment house. 17 rooms, furnished; brlng-
| Ing IS per cent; old age only reason for selling.
$r,:;.*.o — Beautiful new 7-room house, all mod-
ern; street and all complete; good lot; near
Key route station.
j , Two brand new 8-room cottages, extra well
built; ctreet work complete: sunny front; all
modern; near Key and othsr lines; Increasing
value.
?1000 — Elcgsnt corner lot: fine residence
ptoperty; rtreet work alone cost $500; 2 blocks
from South Berkeley Bank.
LARGE CORNER LOT SUITABLE FOR 4
FLATS AND 3 STORES: THIS LOT IM-
• PROVED WILL BRING 15 PER CENT ON
THE INVESTMENT.
ALL SALES AND TITLES GUARANTEED.
MURDOCK & CO.. South Berkeley (Lorin).
t BARGAINS IN REAL ESTATE.
Prominent business corner on Webster St.,
' 125x75; now leased; at a sacrifice.
; Splendid factory site: on good corner. Third
and Grove; buildings all complete; for sale or
, lease. i
, Ten-room house on Klrkham St., near Eighth
at less than cost of improvements; good renter
Lot 185x300. with three houses;- rents con-
stantly for ?:»5 per month; price reduced to
53T.oo; on term?.
Lots fronting on San Pablo ave., near Berke-
ley line; etreet work completed; only $25 per
j foot.
1 Choice lots on Dwlght way, near Sacramento
' st.. Berkeley; street work completed; ?10 per
i foot.
j Larce building lots In North Oakland, near
I Golden Oate, from $5 per f rent foot up. .
£ome extra bargains in vacant lots near Key
Route line.
CalJ and Inspect list before purchasing.
J. J. O'ROURKE.
! Real Estate and Insurance, i
460 Tenth st., Oakland. - '
M. P. W. ALBEE, Real Estate and Insurance
; — Houses and lots for sale and houses for
• rent. 2139 Center st.. Berkeley.
FOR SALE— House of -7 rooms; lot 42x100;
! ?15O0. Address owner, 1000 Ward St., Ber-
ktujv •¦'¦ . lllfMnmWIMPfllftfraffitVr
A FEW SAMPLES OF MY EXTENSIVE LIST.
$1200 — 5-ro*>m cottage: patent toilet, city water |
and basement; let ,')0xl<>0. ' 1
$1500 — Modern cottace of 5 rooms and bath: ;
lot 30x100; driveway; two-story barn; good ,
well and yump; above Telegraph ave. j
?26OO — Nearly new two-Etory colonial house; |
8 rooms and bath: street work done; lot
60x135.
$4000 — New modern two-story house: 8 well
appointed ?:>acious rooms and hall; choice
GO-foot lot; c!oj>e to trains; fine location.
H. D. IRWIN, Lorin Station, Berkeley.
Open Sundays.
$4000 — A FINE Investment; well-built modern
house, 7 rooms, etc.; now rented under lease
J.X'i ;>er month n«t.
>3f>30 — A bargain: new home, 7 rooms, etc.;
now rented for $30 net. W. J. MORTIMER &
CO.. 21_:J Center st.. Berkeley.
$450— GOOD lots on Virginia st. ; 40x135; street
work done. These are snaps. W. J. MOR-
TIMER & CO.. 212-1 Center ,t., Berkeley.
MLT.O — NEAT cottage of 4 rooms; flowers and
fruit; a neat little home.
$450 — Pee that uightly lot in the Twohy
Tract; 50x135; grand view; buy now and let
the to>rn grow to you and profit thereby. W.
J. MORTIMER & CO., Berkeley.
$1(00 — t-ROOM cottage; one block from car^;
lot 30x100: easy terms.
$3000 — New K-room house; modern in every de-
tail; $500 cash, balance $25 per month. In-
cluding Interest at S per cent.
$27CO--New 5-room cottage; high basement;
near station: large lot.
$2200 — 7-room house; high basement; lot 50x
140; street work complete; $400 cash,
balance Mat loan.
MORAN & SWAIN,
2131 Shattuck ave.. '
• Orp. Berkeley Station.
FOR SALE.
$7250 — That handsome house of 12 good rooms
at 2253 Fulton st.; thoroughly well built;
everything first-class; spacious; complete;
front and back stairs; 2 toilet?; extra
lavatories: large verandas, which could be
Inclosed and . used as rooms: all In fine
condition; lot is 50x133 and is worth at
least $3500. This place. is well worth the
price — is the best bargain in a large house
In the southeast quarter. Key at offlce.
You should see !t at once.
LYMAN ALLEN, 2120 Center St.. Berkeley.
NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY
(If you profit by It at once)
to purchase.
A modern 8-room house: combination electric
light and gas; brautlful flower garden and
fruit trees in full bearing; north side of
Falrvlcw ave., situated In beautiful South
Berkeley: lot 00x135.
DON'T OVERLOOK THIS CHANCE.
PRICE. $3750.
HAMMOND & HAMMOND.
1422 Park st., Alameda, Cal.
BARGAIN; new 5-room bay-window cottage";
porcelain bath, pantry, tiled sink, pretty man-
tel, gas and electric lights, city water, high
bailment, brick foundation; fruit trees, flower
rarden. chicken house:' extra large lot; three
blc.cks to railroad station, both ferries, elec-
tric care, school, church and stores; price $25(X>;
terms $150 cash, balance $20 monthly. O A.
RUDOLPH. Lorin Station; open Sundays.
FOR sale— New and nearly, new houses from
$1800 to 820,000; lots from $250 to $7000; we
can sell you a desirable lot 3 blocks from
Dwlght-way station, size 40x130, Tor $700;
will build you a house to suit on a payment
of $500 down, ': balance monthly; before buy-
ing, give 'Us a call and let us show you our
extensive list, F. , H. LAWTON & CO.. 2147
Center &t. , .
FOR RENT FURNISHED.
0 rooms and bath; good location; 4 to 6 mo.
12 rooms and bath; good location; 2 months.
•5 rooms and bath: good location; 1 year or
longer.' LITTLE & WOOLSET, 2110 Shat-
tuck ave., Berkeley. . ; -:>
|1400 — WELL-BUILT 6-room bouse; lot 50x150;
street complete; close to cars; $500 cash,
halance easy payments.
$550— Fine lot. 41x80, 1 block east of Telegraph
«ve.: south exposure: street work complete.
$1C5O— Fine lot. 52x130, on Telegraph ave.,
close to Ashby: west exposure. •-¦¦ >
C. C. EMSLIE. Ashby Sta.: Phone Stuart 700.
$2500— NEW cottage. 5 rooms; 8-foot base-
ment: double floors; f 3 'sets of , roldlnff doors;
thoroughly modern- and complete; etc.; easy
terms. Many other properties, or will build
a home for. you -on payments less than . rent,
FliANCIS FERRIER. Real Estate. Insurance —
2121 Shattuck ave.,: Opp. BERKELEY. Station.
' ' : J.'.'P. HALE. ~
$7000— 6 .acres. and 1 improvements; heart of
IJ.rkPley. ,
$4500— H"«se of 13 rooms; 1 block from Unl-'
varsity of California. 1 . J..P.HAL5,
' 1511 Shattuck Ave.. North Berkeley.
$3000 — A NEW 0-room house, modern in every
respect; lot "5x110; , street work complete:
only 3 blocks from B*rkeley station; $500
cash/ buUnce $25 per month., Including Inter-
*.{ at 8 per cent.. ALAN G. CLARKE, 2U20
Berkeley way. " . '
BKRKKLEY-OAKLAND Investments:- Urge or
small. : See .ALEX. MURDOCK & CO.;
South Berkeley (Lorin). '
sired will be promptly given. Tel. Dana 13t>.
B '.KF.LHV. F ATS T«» LET.
BERKF.LEY flats to let; $22 50; 0 rooms;
new and modern: gas and electricity; close
to train and cars. LANDREGAN, Golden
Gate Station. -
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FUCITVALK HEAL -STATE.
SNETSINGER & MATTESON,
1214 Frultvale Ave., Fruitvale, Cal.
51700— COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS, nearlng com-
pletion; let :«0xl25; near station, school
and electric cars: high basement, porce-
lain bath, electricity, stationary traya,
marble bowl, patent toilet, cove celllngh,
tinting and shades to order, also painting;
more ground if nec*83ary; easy payment
down and small installments.
$1500 — 4-ROOM COTTAGE, on macadamized
street; 1 block from school: close to sta-
tion; good residence locality; high base-
ment; mantel, porcelain bath and other
modern conveniences; $200 down and $15
per month will take this place.
$1750 — THIS IS A GOOD ONE — 5-room cot-
tage, located -on electric car line; lot 50x
150; 'near schools and churches; this prop-
erty Is the property of a loan association
and can be sold on very easy terms; in-
vestigate.
$5700— RANCH OF 8 ACRES: 7-room house,
large barn, windmill and tank, chicken
houses, fruit, berries, hay and I vegeta-
bles; fine home location, near town; good
school at hand: new boulevard to Hay-
wards will pass place; this Is Income
property. . • - ; -J; .
$1750— 4-ROOM COTTAGE, reduced from 52000;
new; larce lot; flna location: all mod-
ern conveniences: more ground can be
had; see this; it's a model little home.
$2300— AN OPPORTUNITY; elegant 5-room
cottage; must sell fin account of sickness;
1 block from station; good size lot: high
basement, electric and gas fixtures;
shades, porcelain bath, mantel, etc. : you
can have this on any reasonable terms.
51000— COTTAGE OF 4 'ROOMS; lot 80x110;
high basement, well, chicken houses, fruit
tree* 1 , flowers, etc.; small amount* down,
balance on mortgage.
DESIRABLE LOTS ¦ IN ANY PORTION OF
FRUITVALE.
VERY EASY TERMS IF DESIRED. -
We are designers and builders of artistic
homes.
SNETSINGER & MATTESON.
1214 Frultvale ave, Frultvale, Cal.
HA. PLEITNER. Frultvale Station, Cal.'
$1675— A new and very attractive cottage of
4 larze rooms, hall, bath, basement, gas
and electric lights; lot 50x140; all fenced;
one block north of East Fourteenth st. car
line, right in the center of Frultvale and
close to Frultvale local station; very easy
terms to the right party.
$1050 — Fine 4-room cottage on a macadamized
street: lot «8xl08; fruit trees, barn, etc. ;
3 blocks from electric cars; easy terms.
$1100 — Sunny comer lot, with 4-room cottage
and basement: street work all done, sew-
ered, etc.; 3 blocks from 23d ave. station;
terms trf suit.
$030 — Cozy 4-room cottage; barn and chicken
houses, lrult trees.- berry -vines, etc. ;¦ lot
50x108: a nice little -home close to car
line; small sum cash down, . balance $11
per month. „' .' .: >. '. 1
$1000 — New cottage of 4 rooms and bath; large
attlo for 2 rooms; lot 50x100; 2 blocks
from Frultvale;. station; very easy term*.
S1C50 — New . modern cottage of 4 rooms, hall,
porch, bath, basement, cement walks, etc.:
lot 33:8x104, fronting on car line; $150
down, balance: same a* rent.
$2&00 Bungalow cottare 'of 5 rooms; new and
attractive; lot .50x150.%' choice part of
Frultvale. • ¦ :' \. -
$3uOO— Two-story house of N rcems; new ami
¦•¦ ' ;up-to-date; large- lot;' fine noighuuuiL.^u;
a _rand ¦ place. ' ¦ '. . .
$10OU — N«-w- cotttise of 5 room*: all modern,
electric llB-ht*. etc. :-¦ lot .'jOxIOO: ono block
frcm Fruitvale. fetation:', easy tern:* lf'de-
. ¦' sired. ¦ ¦• - :' ¦ '¦¦ ¦ - ...
$__TiO — V'fcry fine cottajc of 4 rooms, hall, bath;
fruit trees, betry, vine*; -M'mmer- house;
lot 70x111; haif. block from Frultvale ave.
car line. ¦¦ ": 1 ¦' -. ¦ ¦
S110O — One acre or: land in vegetables; new
--4-rooni house; barn and' chicken yard and
.'¦ /:' houses; handy .location. ~
$1000— One and a half acrts In a location con-
venient to car; lines; 2 Urge room cot-
tage; -fruit trees; , appropriate for a sum-
'-': rner place or tor raffing chickens. . ,
'I have also eight choice- lots In a fine nelgh-
boihcod:'bandsome' location;: streets all- sew-
ered and one and a half blocks from Frultvalo
ave • car - line. : $140 par lot ; ¦ a rare ¦ opportunity.
U. A. PLI2ITNER.-* Frultvale Station. Cal.
Hliii-»i>inirrrn mrr — r~nfnrr~Tm~~*'~~~iTrriTTi"'i iti
$175— FRUITVALE lots. 2 blocks South Four-
teenth St., on Sather tract. Owner. 1151
Market st., San Francisco, room 62. '¦
TWO cottages In Frultvale, 2 blocks from
station; $100 down, balance In small monthly
payments. 324 Ea« Eighth St.. E. Oakland.
OAKLAND •¦ADV'T'S-JTXTS.
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY-
OAKLAND KKAL ESTATE.
$2000— n ROOMS, bath, etc.; stationary tubs;
_ mantels: lot 25x100 feet.
j $1150 — t rooraj; high basement; lot 25x140
feet: near Twenty-third avenue local train.
-. $3.100 — New 7-room hous«: bath, ras and
! electric light; flnfly finUhed In natural wood;
j lot 33x11.1 feet: make an offer.
j $2800 — « rooms, bath; all modern and new;
lot .13 1-3x125 feet: fine location.
[ $1000 — 5 rooms: bath and lot 4Oxl40 feet.
I $itXX) — 6 larce rooms; bath, pantry, sta-
! tlonarv tub*: barn 'and chicken nouses.
j $.1000 — 7 rooms, bath; high basement: all
• modern; lot 30x150.
i $850—3 rooms; lot 2SxlOO feet; barn, etc.;
near 5-cent ferry,
W. F. O' BAN ION.
4.18 Ninth street. Phone White 854.
• FOR SALE OR FOR RENT— Two-story house;
| 12 rooms and 2 bath rooms: lot 62:tixl00 feet;
71<! 12th »t., Oakland. Cal.. between Castro
' and Brush sts., north side; only 4 blocks
from Washington st. (the business center), 2
blocks from both the High School and Cen-
tral Grammar School, and 1 block from the
new Public Library; electric cars connecting
with all parts of the city and -running direct
to local train*, pass the house every 7 min-
utes. FIRST FLOOR — 5 rooms and bath,
gas grate, gas and coal ranges, pantry, laun-
dry, etc. SECOND FLOOR — 1 rooms and
bath; house arranged for 2 families. Reason
for eflllng — Owner Is going to move out of
the city. Inquire of C. H. JONES, Manager
Pacific Press, cor. 12th and Castro sts., Oak-
land. Cal..' or at the house, 718 12th St.,
Oakland, Cal. , ;• V
$r>COO— BEAUTIFUL home In the Lakeside
district; modern and up to date; lot 45x100; 10
rooms* house must be sold; owner Is a non-
resldsnt.
I $4500— A bargain near Telegraph ave.: lot
I 100x125: sunny side of street; 0-room house
1 with all modern conveniences; let is almost
worth the -money; look this up.
$1850 — A rare bargain; 10-room house on
Myrtle st.: lot 37:0x130; must be sold within
tho next 10 days; call at once on
C. K. MARSHALL. 1118 Broadway.
GRAND CORNER
FOR A HOME.
We have just secured a contract on that fine
northeast corner of Prospect or 20th st. and
Summit. 5.1x125, and we can sell It for $G0
per foot. The opposite corner sold at $f>0. Re-
member this Is Blackstone Hill or Prospect
Heights. No finer residence location in Oak-
land.
LARGE VARIETY OF IMPROVED PLACE3
TO SELECT FROM. IF YOU WANT TO
BUY SEE ME. JAS. S. NAISMITH.
534 THIRTEENTH ST.
FOR sale — New 7-room, 2-story house on 5th
ave., .near E. 10th st.; every modern conven-
ience; choice lot, 50x125; fine view; quick
trans-bay service; price $4250; reasonable
• terms. B. H. WELCH & CO.. 5th ave. and
ISth St., Oakland.
EXCHANGE — Value; $3000 cash; modern 8-
room, 2-story house, with -good stable; rents
$:!0: choice location on. 12th ave.. East Oak-
land; clear of Incumbrance; will exchange
'for good, East Oakland unimproved. B. H.
WELCH & CO., 5th ave. and 18th st.-
A SNAP.
$1.50 — Six-room house: corner lot; West. Oak-
I land.
i $1 fin— Lot 25x100; block to local train. '
WILLIAM P. TODD.
1070 Broadway, Oakland.
j ¦ ' ¦ ¦
I SPECIAL. ~
Krw !:ouse. « rooms and . bath; north - side
of ttret; lot 40x140; close to Key Route;
! close to Grcve-st. cp.rs: can be had for $50o
cash:' balance $?5 cer month. See owner, 824
.Thirty-eighth '.st. . " '¦.-...-,,
.,^_____ . ________ — — •
1 BAROAIN.
I A fine 10-room hou&e in East Oakland; good
location: lot 63x160. with stable, etc. ; all
' Mreet work -done; 'easy terms. P. C.rLAS-
. SEN & 1 CO.. 406 Tenth St.. > Oakland. Cal.
10 ACRES of land In suburbs of Oakland: well
-located to subdivide and .sell* lots;, electric
cars to the property; chance to make $5000;
would exchange for Improved property. • E.
BISHOP. 186 Tenth st., Oakland. CaL
xeicpnone craar - i_.;ij Broadway.
$1,250 — Cottage of five rooms, bath, with lot
40xl0<> ft., near Piedmont ave., close to
Key Route station. nt>5
?12.0CO— Will buy an elegant corner. 65x173
feet, on best business street la Oakland;
this is a business site, new. -well Im-
proved and Is now renting for $1320 per
annum; a fine Investment as It now
stands, but will double In value In fiv«
' years. jsi |
____________ - ' S
;•£
WORTH $G5,C0O.
$I5,CCO — One hundred feet fronting on Broad-
way, with good buildings: standlnjr offer
of ?1(XX> r>er front foot for property on
adjoining block; this is an elegant sit*
for a hotel, or in fact, a flrst-class bust*
nerc location for any line: property not
heretofore offered for sale; circumstances
make It necessary to sell at once; easily
worth ~5 per cent more than the prlca
asked and in five years will double la
value; we are exclusive agents.
TAYLOR BROS. & CO..
Phons Cedar '151. 12:>U Broadway. Oakland. CaL'
nun ¦ ?j
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway. Phone Lake 38.
$4000 — 2-stcry and basement. 7-room and bath
house on Oakland ave. > lot 35x120; small
cash payment and easy terms to right persons.
$2050 — Cottage of 6 rooms, bath and laundry:
hot and cold wat;r washstands; lot 50x154:
nice garden; only half cash: owner leaving
city, reason for selling; 6 blocks of 23d-ave.
station.
S2S0O — Cottage of 5 rcoms and bath; barn and
outhouses; lot 60x150; only 100 feet of Tele-
sraph-ave. station. Key Route system.
LOTS IN PIEDMONT TRACT; MAGNIFI-
CENT VIEW OF BAY AND VICINITY-
LARGE LOTS. LOW PRICE; MAPS. PRICES.
ETC., AT OFFICE.
ALSO A NUMBER OK VERY DESIRABLli
LOTS IN THERMAL HILL TRACT. NEAR
KEY ROUTE SYSTEM. ALSO STREET CAB
LINES. VERY CHEAP TO-DAY.
' - S. M. DODGE & SON.
PHONE LAKE ott. 1160 BROADWAY.
TWO sunny well-built cottages, near Clinton
station; will sell one or both on easy terms;
let us give you the particulars. /v _..« :
$4$00 — Modern 8-room house; lot 40x1 1 5;
beautifully located, near -Tth st. and Tele-
"^rsOO^New well-built house, right up-to-
date; •'Blackstone Hill"; lot S3xl25; a choice
home for the orlce. _. »•
$2100— 6-room cottage, 55-foot lot. near 3oth
st. and San Pabla ave. ; a cood buy for either
home or investment.
J900 — l-room cottage. 40-foot lot. nsar new
'ekroom' cottage on Webster st.. above 14th.
very choice location; terms If desired.
Offer wanted for a new well-built sunny fl-
room house In East Oakland, beautifully lo-
Ca if you wish to sell your property call on us.
F F. PORTER. 466 Eighth st.
Real Estate — Insurance — Loans. i
SaJiKz 1
$3500— FINE residence end grounds, 9 rooms;
best part of Alice st : bank foreclosure: a
snap: easy terms. The Alden Co., Ill-
Broadway.
$3500 — Cottage. 6 rooms and bath. Webster
st north of l4th; easy walk to Broadway.
The Alden Co.. 1118 Broadway.
$3750— Modern ft-room residence, built for
room-renting ; 3 blockg to Broadway and a
bargain. The Alden Co.. 1113 Broadway.
$4500— Modern flats, rented $47 50 month: 2
blocks to Broadway. The Alden Co.. Ill*
$1000 CASH $15 monthly— Cottage of 6 room*,
bath etc : good barn ¦ and . stable, chicken-
house large chicken range, flowers and Inv
rr.ense trees. In fine section, one block from
cars; city water, sewer, gas; away from
for- and cold- winds; sandy loam soll^ tt
lovely spot; adjoining East Oakland; si**
100x200- all fenced: this Is a tike-ln at once;
property price in all $2600. Call or send for
circular 40.1 Seventh St.. opp. Broadway
station 'Oakland; carriage frcs. .«
station, yj H _, JQ^ E3 j^-j owner. §
FOR wle— Modern cottasre-of 5 rooms; .must
hJ. seen to be antedated: $2850; owner op
premises. 1M7 Fourteenth st.. near Ade-
line. Oakland. , .?
__<or AddiUonal Classified Advertise*
nipnts Sec Parre Forty-Four.',; ; ft.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1904:
44
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAAU REAL ESTATE.
_____n
LAYMANCE HEAL KSTATG CO..
400-4-2 Eighth St.. Oakland.
J1XMW0— Fine central business block; W «
|jer cent net; long lease; fine future
value. ". ¦¦
$2-j.yui» — Oay st. co—ier: lo«> feet; 2-6tory busi-
ness block; rent J15OO; easily raised.
jij>,©0O— Modern :t-.storj- business block; ?150<>
net i>er annum; 5 year lease; adjoin.
city center.
?7,5OO — 4 modern flats; 6 rooms; corner, 50x
loi»: rents f75; near Broadway.
JO.tOO— Pair lire modern flats*: rents $00; cen-
trally located; near locals.
$4,000 — Pair modern flats; ?> rooms; 37^*100;
rent $45; near city center.
RESIDENCES.
>l«>.50(^— Elegant mansion: Oakland Heights:
15 rooiue; jirivate homo; never offered
before.
$15,000— Magnificent Linda Vista residence; 14
rooms; elevated rtte; 100X200; furnace;
onyx fireplace; elaborate interior; stable.
?llt.OOO— Su]*rb rwidence; 12 rooms; elegant
interior; 5 mantels; terraced corner: .Ox
115: curt flfe.lKK); choicest home and lo-
cation wtst of liroaflway. „__•«
fS.OOu— Fine :«-room houfe; corner. 50x11.':
6. K. corner Thirteenth and Alice;
4 blacks from II -story bank; mortgage
$OM>: must sell.
&>,S5« — O»mr leavlrjt: fine 9-room house: 4jx
141: near Telegraph and Albion; must
Bell. • _. _.
f3,40c> — Kin? modern house; 9 rooms. 2 bains:
terraced lot; noar Telegraph: close In.
f4._3i, cost fOOOO; extra fine Gothic corner;
5f>xl«V convenient t'> Broadway.
$3,850— Nearly 4 acres: will subdivide Into 33
lots; modern store and flat; mortgage
?_io<t; Insurance ?25<X); fronting San
I-<an<lro electric road; owner n?eds
money.
$3,^0— Beautiful cv.ttage: 7 rooms: fine cor-
ner; 7<>xli«<: choicest location In cen-
tnil iZast Oakland: absolutely must be
cold.
$3,_.".O— Fine cottage; 7 rooms. 3 mantels: 40x
IS.'.; Filbert St.. inside of Fourteenth St.;
see this.
«,•; tzo Cost PW0O: fine 11-room residence;
bam; terraoed lot: 5<»-14t>: -tone wall;
elevation: IZa-t Oakland: ea-y term-.
$3,00O— N>w modern home; 7 rooms: corner,
40xlJ>0; never occupied: easy terms.
?2,S5O— Aht-olut* forved sale; new 6-roora
house: near Thirty-eighth and Tele-
$_¦ 75t» — Kxtra good: modern 0-room cottar*:
near Tr.*-rticth and West; 45x100; gas.
nianie!. basement.
J2.45O— Railroad men. attention' Choice •»-
room cottage; pas. mantel, porcelain
bath, cement basement; 3Oxlt>5; near
Eighth and Center.
j_ ,000— Piedmont cottage: «> rooms, basement;
30x105; 00M ?_)*>0: must be sold.
SMALL COTTAGES.
$1,750 — N"eat corner cottage; 4 rooms: JOn-:
12.V. v.f'1. stable; near San Leandro
road: terms.
J1.5<Xi — fnlcn st. cotlaire: 5 rooms, barn. well,
cement v.p.'ks; street work complete; ;
It*»sll5: must b? sold.
IU30O~<CKtase, 4 rooms; lot 50x132; nlc* lo-
cation.
ti.iw— Hard finished cottage: 5 rooms; 40x
145- near Kev route: Piedmont.
HVMAN«'E REAL KSTATE CO.,
46O-4<5_ Kiphth St..
OAKLAND.
A J. SJCYDER.
Real Kstate Broker and Dealer.
4C7 Ninth St.. Oakland, Cal. j
North Flde of 21st Ft., between Filbert and
Linden: splenfild colonial house of S rooms and j
bath; about 8 years old; lot 40x100, nicely im- |
proved. lawns, pclms. etc.; owner building a!
larger house and wants to Fe'.I this at once;
huube can l<e converted into two flats. '
West side of Filbert St.. between 12th and j
14th; lot 4(>xl25; S rocms and bath; $."5500; this I
is a bargain.
East !>ide of Filbert ft., between ISth and !
21st st5.- lot 40x1-5; new; 7 rooms and bath; j
$4.00.
$7000 — Corner on West st.; contains 2 mod- ;
ern eottape* 0 room? and hath, and 2 flat* of
t rooms an<l bath each; -.his would makt> a \
fplendid investment; could be made to bring in j
i:n income of $00 per month, and always tent. ,
Northeast corner en Castro *t. : 9 rooms and j
bath and ctable; lot 45x100; price $0000. '¦
Splendid home en Sycamore st.. near Trie- I
Kraph; !t room* and bath, hardwood floors, at- !
tie. etc. : lot 50x100: modern in every iiarticu- ;
lar: just bcinjr completed: this must be *een 1
to be appreciated. Thi* is Just what you are ,
looking for. >
1 can sell you a lot r.r>_140 fert In depth
«please note size) for $1140. in the nicest part
nf Oakland: thi* ijro]x>rty is easily v.-orth JO.
p«-r cent more than I am arttlng.for it; favor- j
able terms can be made at thie figure.
I
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB.
314 San Pablo Ave..
Between 17th and 18th sts. Phone Main 533.
Member of Oakland Real Estate Association,
I Board of Trade and Booster Club.
1 The following choice offerings are exclusively
Represented by this offlce:
Upon Inspection you will find quality, quan-
tity and price to be attractive.
$3,200 — Beautiful colonial cottage home;
ptrlctly up to date; built "on honor";
Urge lot; exceptionally located and sur-
rounded ; few minutes to Key Route; the
new or experienced housekeeper will
quickly buy after an inspection.
$4,500 — On attractive West Oakland corner
is a most complete home; every little
convenience Is ln evidence and all ln
the best condition; not new. but very '
substantial; large lot; con make this a
hne "flat" and income proposition.
$5,500 — A former fellow townsman han just
decided to rell his beautiful home oc
the Heights; It was built under his I
personal direction: terraced situation; <
attractive surroundings; key here. J
$6,_50 — A Swiss. 2-story, unique home, the ,
only one of it» kind, consisting of !• <
rooms, numerous open fireplace*, large I
reception hall, high basement, Mnall ;
stable, large terraced lot with mature '
shrubbery; elite neighborhood; Improve- I
ments cost the owner over $5000 alone;
easy terms to responsible party.
$12,000— Reduced from $15,000; in the Lakeside j
district; one of the attractive and large |
homesteads, with large frontage and j
fine depth, together with an almost new I
J5000 stable; owner non-resident, but
will arrange liberal terms If desired. '
"parking" the lake front Is bound to
greatly enhance adjacent value; an at-
tractive suburban or San Francisco ex-
change might be entertained.
i
$1.650 — Secure* a most complete cottage home j
with large ntable. prety garden, fruit j
trees, etc.; -padous lot; near fine school; j
Kite for new Key route depot for Pied- 1
mont district; liberal discount for all j
cash.
$3,250 — An Ideal Frultval* homestead; never
before offered: In first-class condition
and most -ubstantlally constructed; I
large lot. highly improved with ehrub- j
bcry and fruit trees; few minutes' walk !
to 23d-ave. railroad station; $3 per
month to San Francisco; premises
shown by appointment.
PEVD IN TOUR WANT AS TO A BUY.
PALE. RENT. EXCHANGE OR INVEST-
MENT PROPOSITION.
REPRESENTS THREE LARGE FIRE IN-
SURANCE COMPANIES.
HARRY L. HOLCOMB.
314 SAN PABLO AVE..
BETWEEN 17TH AND 1STH STS
PHONE MAIN 533.
ONE OP THE LARGEST AND MOST UP-TO-
DATE OFFICES IN ALAMEDA COUNTY.
WOODWARD. WATSON & CO. INC.
1172 BROADWAY. COR. FOURTEENTH.
REAL ESTATE.
INSURANCE.
$325» "
Will buy nice home on fine street, near cars;
contains 7 rooms and bath and has fine yard
in lawns, berries and fruits. The lot Is 50%13O
and on the sunny side of the street; see this;
it is a good buy.
$2CO0.
Fine 5-room cottage ln Linda Vl!>ta district
and only half block from cars; at present Is
rented for $25 per month, so It's a good ln-
veslmer.t as well a* a good buy for a home.
$0000.
niejrant new 7-room house on 21st Bt..
near WebrtPr; the house Is as well built as
money and care cov.!d make It and we Invite
your inspection; terms can be arranytd to
suit i'urchaser; see this!!
$3500.
Fine little home near 26th and Broadway: It
is on the north side of the wtneet and contains
O rooms and bath; new and modern and ln
good condition; let us show you this!!
$4250.
NIc» new 7-room house In East Oakland,
near Lake. Merritt ; it is very conveniently ar-
ranged and in splendid neighborhood, close to
trains and cars; see this before you buy.
WOODWARD. WATSON 4- CO INC
1172 BROADWAY, COR. FOURTEENTH.
• _"'--•-•• ' CHURCH SERVICES. I
CALJFORNIA-ST. Methodist . Church, corner
Broderick and Calitorma tits. — Clarence Keed. j
pastor. At 11 a. m., service and sermon:
7:30 p. m., concert by Robson's orchestra, |
programme: Overture, '" "My Treasure" j
(Mahl): concert solo, "There Is a Green j
Hill (Gounod), Dr. M. N. Callender; march,
"Rellgloso" (Chambers): soprano solo, Mr*.
C. Naramore; organ offertory, "Sabbath !
Reverie (Theyer). J. H. Hallowell; reces- ;
sional march (Gounod). The pastor "will
preach from the subject. "Salvation by Edu-
catlon." Everybody welcome.
GRACE Methodist Episcopal Church, corner.
Twenty-first and Capp sts. — Rev. F. M.
Larkln. Ph. D.. pastor. Residence. 31CS
Twenty-flrst . st. Sen-Ices, - 11 a. m. and'
7:45 p. m. Mr. Hugh E. Smith, who begins
a serk-s of union meetings, will speak at
both services and every night during the
week except Saturday. Take Mission- st. or
Valencla-st. cars to Twenty-first st.
CENTRAL M. E. Church. Mission st., between
Sixth and Seventh — The pastor. Rev. George
W. White, will preach at both services to-
day. Sunday school at 12:45, Rolla V. Watt
superintendent. Young People's meetings at
0:15. Song service at opening of the evening
service at 7:30. Seats free. All welcome.
¦ FIRST Presbyterian Church. Van Ness ave.
• and Sacramento st. Rev. William Kirk
I Guthrie. pastor. Morning service, 11 a. m.
1 Rev. Guy Wadsworth. D. D., will preach:
1 subject: "Christian Education." Evening
j eevice. 7:45. The pastor will preach. Sab-
I bath school 12:80 p. m. ; Christian Endeavor,
I 5:15 p. m. and 6:15 p. in.; Wednesday, 8 p.
1 m., preparatory services. - All are cordially
I Invited.
I WESTMINSTER Presbyterian Church, corner
I Webster and Pace sts.— Sermon at 11 a. m.,
followed by the sacrament to the Lord's sup-
j per by Professor Warren H. Landen. D. D.,
= and In the evening at 7:45 o'clock. Theme,
\ "'The' Influence of a Godly Life." Sunday
i School at 0:45 a. m. Christian Endeavor at
1 6:45 d. m. Prayer meeting every Wednes-
, day evening.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Jack6on ;
and Fillmore sts.— Rev. John HemphlU, D. j
D., pastor. Morning service at 11 o'clock. ¦
Evening sen-ice at 7:45 o'clock. Professor
' Hugh W. Gilchrist will preach at both ser-
vices. Sabbath school at 9:30 a. m.. or-
chestral music. Christian Endeavor meet- j
Ing at 6:30 p. m. Prayer meeting. Wednes- j
day evening at 8 o'clock. All are cordially '
Invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner Post and
Mason sts. — Rev. George C. Adams, D.D.,
pastor, will preach at both services. At 11
a. m.. topic, "The Origin of^Natlons." At
7:45 p. m., topic, "The Reason of David's
Strength." A portion of the Easter music
will be repeated at both senices. All are
cordially Invited.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church. Post St..
nr. Webster — Rev. Isaac Curtis Mesen-e, D.D..
pastor. Morning worship at 11; sermon
theme. "The Beauty and Power of Fit !
Words." Evening worship at 7:45 o'clock.
The pastor's evening subject will be "Some
Witnesses ln the Great Case of Jesus Christ
vs. the World — No. 1: Herod Antlpas" — the
first of a series of addresses on this topic.
Sunday school at 9:30 a. m. Christian En-
deavor meeting at 6:45 p. m. The people
•are welcome. >•
THIRD Congregational Church, Fifteenth st.,
near Mission — Rev. William Rader will
preach at both sen-Ices ; 11 a. m., "The As-
cension of Christ"; 7:30 p. m., "The Value
. of a Man to Himself."
UNITARIAN Church (First). SW. cor. Geary •
and Franklin sts. — Rev. Bradford Leavltt.
minister; Rev. Bradford Leavltt and Kev. C.
Ruess, superintendents of Sunday school;
junior church and Sunday school are at 10
o'clock; Sunday service is at 11 o'clock, Mr.
Leavltt will preach. Music by quartet, un-
der direction of H. Bretherick, organist. All
are cordially Invited. There Is no evening
service. '
UNITARIAN Church (SeeV-r id), corner Twen-
tieth and Capp sts. (Take Mission or Va-
lencla-st. car.) — The Rev. Jay William Hud-
son, minister; residence. 500 Capp st. The
-Sunday school meets at 9:45 o'clock; Mr. W.
C. Maxwell, superintendent. At the morn-
Ing sen-Ice, at 11 o'clock, the Rev. Jay Wil-
liam Hudson will preach. Subject. "What
the WorW Owes the Presbyterians. " Even-
ing lecture at 7:45. Subject, "The Ameri-
can as a New World Product." Music by
orchestra and choir, under the direction of
Mr. Jabi*h Clement. Soloist at the evening
service, Mrs. Blanche King Arnold.
TRINITY Church. Bush and Gough sts. — Rev.
Frederick W. Clamnett, D. D., rector. Holy
communion 7:30 a. m. Morning sen-Ice 11
o'clock; wrmon by Rev. J. A. O'Meara. j
Evening sen-Ice 8 o'clock. You are cordially !
Invited. I
._ 1
FIRST Baptist Church, Eddy st.. near Jones-
Rev. L. P. Ruzsell, preaching topic, 11 a. m.,
"Present Day Problems and Their An-
swers"; 7:30 p. m., "A Pleasant Walk.'
Bible school, 12:30 p. m. Christian Endeavor,
6:30 d. m. Midweek prayer service. Wed-
nesday, 7:45 p. m. All cordially Invited.
Seats free.
A V— -Continued. '.
FRIENDSHIP Hall.' 33K McAllister— Tests to
j all. 10c; readings dally. MRS. MEYER and
otherE. '
MRS CONNOLL, 14S Sixth St.: circle every
night; convincing tests to all; 10c; readings
daily.
TESTS, 009 Market; S. Prof. A. W. Wilson, ln-
splr. lecture; 2-8. J. Wilson, Dr. Cowan; 10c.
MRS. EBERHARDT tests to-nlcht, 10c. 3250
--d St.. bet. Mission and Valencia; readings.
MRS. STODDARD'S test seances begin again:
10c; all Invited; Sun., Tues. 278. Ninth et.
BEST tests to-night, 10c; Mrs. Harland, 148
Mxth st.; readings dally; developing cir. Sat.
A MATERIALIZING seance Sunday, 2 and 8
_P. m.. 50c. 328 EUlg st.
MEETING NOTICES.-
OFFICERS and members of Golden -fit*
City Lodge No. 03. K. of P.— You
are hereby notified to attend the 7_Nf5
IU Jjejal of our late brother. FRANK _£f_2*£
ATKINSON, which will take place
under the auspices of. this lodge at 1 o'clock
P- m.. SUNDAY April 10, 1904, from
Pythian Castle 009 Market st. By order of
_ T. H. ELKINGTON. C. C.
ED M. COFFEY. K. R. and S.
MEMBERS of Redwood _,
Camp No. til, w. o \y r , . - ~T"~"_a
are respectfully rHquoKteM jfflZ^^J&L
to atttn.1 the funeral of rr&?UInt!Sf JAM
our !at« nei-hhor, PAUL £5Ci__5___si!_i/
BROCK, from the under- *S*ggr**^ m^ m * r^
taking parlors of C. - H. J. Truman. 1909
Mission st., on MONDAY April 11. at 1:30
p. m. Interment at Cypress Lawn Cemetery,
by funeral car from Guerrero and Eighteenth
sts. . By order of
FRKD G. GELATTE. Con. Com.
• J. N. BARCEL. Clerk.
CROATIAN Benevolent Society Zvon- / l f__K.
Imir. No. 61, N. c. S., will hold a .JgsStf
picnic and barbecue THIS (SUN- JR.?*! 1
DAY). Aiirll-10. at Buena Vista JKfijKy
Park, Sausalito. Cal. Fabri's Band T$jV*
and Croatian Tamburiza Orchestra
will furnish the jnuslc for the occa- -~ •
slon. Games, dancing and enjoyment for
young and old. Society leaves for the park
at IO a. m., Sausalito boat. COMMITTEE.
ST. ANDREW'S Society— Members v cy
are requested to attend the funeral qV f%$/1
of our late charter fellow-member, ¦^XiiS'
JOHN EASTON, from his late
residence. 109 Fell st., on SUNDAY, April
10, Et 1 d. m.
P. LIVINGSTON DUNN, President.
J. BLACK. Secretary.
REGULAR meeting of the Caledonian v C7 _t-
Club FK1DAY EVENING, April IQiW
15, at S o'clock. Open meeting for majs
members and lady friends at S:::0. >^_tH,
Scottish Hail, 117 Lark in st.
A. M. MACPHERSON, Chief.
J. H. DUNCAN, Secretary.
DINNA forget— The thirty-eighth v C7
annual gathering and games of the 3\ Cay,'/,
Caledonian Club will be held at
Shell Mound Park, Berkeley, on N >=_9S»
MONDAY. May 30. Splendid programme of
sports and dances.
MODERN Woodmen of America, Goodfellow-
shlp Camp 9G33 M. W. of A., meets every
MONDAY NIGHT at Fraternity Hall, 909
Market St., San Francisco. 'V" '
W H EDWARDS, V. C.
W. J. ELLIOTT. Clerk/ Offlce room (327,
Emma Spreckelfi building.
A SPECIAL meeting of the United Brotherhood
of Railway Employes' Benefit Department
will be iield at 225 Parrott bldg.. San Fran-
cisco, 10 a. m.,. MONDAY, May 2. 1904, for
the transaction of such business as may come .
before It. FRED J. HALTON. Secretary. ;
March 19. 1904. ;
ANNUAL MEETING— Notice Is hereby given ¦
that the seventeenth annual meetlns of the 1
stockholders of the Italian-Swiss Mutuaa '
Loan Association will be held at the offlce
of the corporation. MS Montgomery St., San
Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, April 13, 1904,
at 3:30 p. m.. for the purpose of electing 1
directors for the ensuing year, presentation
of the seventeenth annual report and the
transaction of such other business as may
ccme before the meeting. Books are now I
open for the subscription of 1000 shares of I
stock of the eighteenth series. By order of
the Board of Directors. j
A. SBARBORO. Secretary. \
_^JO^J^O^}O]^
GOOD home for children; best caro; reason-
able. 2028. Buena Vista ave., Alameda.
~~~ AGENTS WASTED.
PERMANENT business chance: $30 to $130 per
week and upward POSITIVE; men, and
women wanted everywhere to place with I
Consumers the BEST, most remarkable la-
dles' and • gent'a" dress ' she known; 1 ten ]
NEW- sight-selling health and comfort feat- j
ures; previous experience unnecessary; NO
RISK: reply quick. Kushion Komfort Shoe
Aeencv 1233 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. i
_«_^ S^jra ANCES^
A— STRANGERS. ATTENTION ! - / - ¦ ':} s
Are you looking for ¦ a safe * and profitable
business opening ' ln San Francisco? If so.
we can offer' you any number requiring an
Investment from $10o to $50,000: every busi-
ness 'opportunity that passes through pur
offlce must stand the closest Investigation,
and we can slace.you In a store, factory,
hotel, mill, office, or. In fact any business
you may prefer. • . ¦ .'.¦•' ¦¦¦• ' ¦
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market r,t.
A— BANK AND COMMERCIAL Reference*.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market St.
, A GOOD OPENING
For a young man who can Invest $500 ln a
high-class real estate offlce and fill position
of cashier;, experience not necessary; Invest-
• ment secured and $20 weekly guaranteed.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market St.
A— WE WILL FURNISH YOU A BOND.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market St.
A— SHIPPING AND TRANSPORTATION.
A business man who can invest $5000 cash,
with services, can secure'good opening with
hlsh-class company In this city.
GERMANIA INVEST . CO.. 927 Market at.
A — WE CAN FURNISH YOU A PARTNER.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 027 Market St.
A— HOTEL FOR SALE. , ~ '
New and modern; 80 rooms;' richly furnished,
I complete and ready for occupancy; large din-
ing-room with IB tables and imported Vienna
chairs; the best carpets money can buy
throughout; finest linen and best silver ser-
vice; 10 years' lease;. $10,000; easy terms.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market St.
A— WE CAN SELL YOUR STOCK.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market it.
A— $100 REWARD
Will be paid for legal proof showing that
any person ever lost a dollar who Invested
any money in or through our company.
GERMANIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
Incorporated under the laws of California.
."Capital stock, ?50,0O0.
027 Market St., rooms 321', 322, 323, 324.
; A— ONLY HIGH-CLASS INVESTMENTS.
j GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
i A— ,2 PER CENT MONTHLY
i On Investments of $100 and upward; no "get-
.. rich-quick" swindle or gambling scheme, but
a reputable business estab. 3 years in S. F.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., »27 Market st.
I A— WE refer to 1000 successful clients. .
j GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
1 A— A SAFE INVESTMENT.
J $1000 cash and services secure interest and
offlce of treasurer In an Incorporated realty
and Investment company; $ir>0 monthly ap-
sured: highest references given and required.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., D27 Market st.
A-WK CAN SELL YOUR BUSINESS.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 027 Market St.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you wish to enlarge your business, or do
you desire additional capital? If so, we can
! furnish you with an active or silent partner
1 who will Invest from $100 to $50,000; we
I have a large number of desirable applicants
on our books seeking good business openings.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market st.
A — Largest brokerage company on Pacific Coast
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market St.
A — THE BEST INVESTMENT.
100 shares of gold stock of the Norton Bay
Co.. $25; will be worth $200 by August, 1004.
GERMANIA INVEST CO.. 927 Market Bt.
A— COPPER STOCK FOR SALE.
We are offering a great bargain In copper
milliner stock, where the investment Is safe
and sure to make large profits; the mines
are located ln the best copper district; for a
few days we will offer this stock, par value
?1 per share, at 20c on the dollar.
GERMANIA INVEST CO., 927 Market St.
4 TO 7 PER CENT weekly legitimately earned
& paid on accounts of $25 & upwards; princi-
pal subject to withdrawal on demand through
I any bank or express company ln America;
1 positive proofs of our stability; unquestion-
; able references from your own locality; a
handsome booklet explaining our business
will be sent free upon request. The most
prosperous season of the year Is now com-
mencing. Don't wait, but write at once to
BALDWIN & CO.. Mall and Express bulld-
lns. New York City.
REFINED, energetic man 'Or woman having
about $1500 cash (otherwise don't reply)
wanted as partner by refined* Eastern gen-
tleman In old-established egg-shipping busi-
ness In nearby town, paying about $100
monthly; experience unnecessary; no risk;
free rent; state age, nationality and other
particulars. Box 3022, Call offlce.
EXCEPTIONAL opportunity for a man with a
few hundred dollars to manufacture and sell
a recently patented Indispensable convenience;
profits $30 to $50 a day sure; no opposition;
absolutely legitimate; experience not neces-
sary: State rlzht must be sold at once. C.
VAN RIPER. Russ House.
FINELY located srrocej-y. Western Addition;
horse, waeon, number steady customers;
clean salable stock at Invoice about $2T>OO.
MR. FARREN, with WM. CLUFF & CO.,
201 Market st.
BUSINESS CH AW CESU—Contlnned.
A— $750; SALOON on Montgomery st. ; place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month; investigate; a bargain. Call R.
G. WILKE. 20fc, Kearny st.
; A — $750; CORNER saloon on Howard St.; safe.
; cash ' register, pooi table, *U\; rent •»;-; -
j roonia; position of $»u» per nuntu ac«i»i>tf(l
by iiowner cause ot safe. H. (j. \»i_...K,
I -u'.i- Kearny gt.
A — $.'5000; CAFE anil trill room in one ot t.i^
bti-t located . hotels oi thU city; rent $10<j. a
!-)iji-n<iKl chance lor an active youns man
, knowing his business; U-ase: liberal ternio
given. Call R. G. WILKE, 2« % Kearny *t. .
A — 1300; salocn, close to Mason and Market;
rent $110; a place established years and doing '
' a first-class paying business ; value in sight. '
, See R. G. WILKE, 26'^ Kearny. '
A — $3250; corner saloon on water front; rent •
$S0; good lease; place established years; In
large . brick building and doing an Al busi-
ness; disagreement of partners only cauae of
sale. R. G. WILKE, 26}. Kearny st.
A $2000 DRUSTORE close to Call building;
estab. IS years; well paying; value In stock;
a very rare chance for good druggist. See
R. G. WILKE. 2GU Kearny st.
A— $3C0O — CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg;
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this la one o(
the best saloon locations ln this city, and
a live man can clear $500 per month. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26}_ Kearny st.
A — $1000; SALOON and liquor store on Sixth
St.; rent $50; business O K. but owner ia en-
gaged ln other business; must sell at once.
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st. ".^V;--
A— $.4500; COFFEE, tea and crockery store; one
of the leading businesses of this kind and in
cholcett location ln this city; rent $65; all
cash trade: stock will invoice $^000; a very ,
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2«H
Kearny st.
A— $1300— COriNER cigar stand on Kearoy;
rent $S5; lease; a good business; coma and
Investigate. R. O. WILKE. 2CVJ Kearny it.
Al BLOCK of land. 300x300. ln San Leandro
with house of 4 rooms: income $400 per
year trom fruit; will exchange for dairy
ranch. Call R. G. WILKE. 2t>S4 Kearny »t.
A— $i0CO— -CORNER grocery and bar on Larkln
tt., doing a fine cash business; value ln
sight; fresh stock; no better location ln this
city. See R. G. WILKE. 2t>% Kearny it,
A— $2000 — COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
waterfront, close tr Market st.; place estab-
lished year* and well paying; daily receipts
about $00. Call R. O. WILKE. 26$. Kearny.
A— $1100 — SALOON, with 3 rooms; close, to
Kearny and Bush sts; rent $75; lease: place
easily clears $200 per month; nice .fixtures,
choicest sto:k of liquors. All particular! of
R. G. WILKE. 20% Kearny st.
A— $1750 — CORNER grocery and bar on
O'Farrell st.; place kept by present owners
S years and doing a good paying -cash busi-
ness; fresh stock; value in sight. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $&50— CORNER bakery, with 4 living
rooms'; about 2 blocks north of Market" St.;
will be sacrificed if sold at once; owners to
leave city. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $750 — CANDY store and Ice cream parlors,
with stationery, etc., on Devlsadero st. ; 3
living rooms; » splendid location and good
business. See R. Q. WJLKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $30C0; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
Et.; rent $40; lease; 3 horses, 6 wagons; busi-
ness estab. years; Investigate at once; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny it.
A— $1200; COFFEE saloon and bakery In
choicest location; rent $S0; dally receipts
about $70; a good business, but sickness of
owner compels him to retire. Particulars It.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A. CAMERON & CO. .. ...Phone South 1050.
.1 Eddy at., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses S350 to $1000
Candy and icecream parlors $200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to J250O
Cigar stands ' $:{50 to $2000
Groceries and bars $500 to $5000
Saloons $300 to $10,0CO
Restaurants : $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores $300 to $1000 1
Drug stores $2000 to $0000
Delicatessen stores' $250 to J4500
Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
A FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine location for drugstore; good fix-
tures, counter* and showcase; rent only $00;
business alreaiy ct'-ablished; with 0 rooms
and bath In rear; elegantly furnished
throughout; everything complete for house-
keeping of the be.«t quality; price $1»00.
CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines; fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg-house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves; 3B- room hotel; all furnished and'
equipped for business; 20 acres land" goes
with lease; raise own hay. vegetables; all
kinds fruit; rent $500 per year; equity in
this $2500; death ln family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO.
IIUSINESS^CHAXCES—Contlnned^
CIGAR stand: south - Market .-rent Wm
splendid locatlon.T.J.DLNN & CO.. 131- Mkt.
23 ROOMS, burnished occupied: cleaM$00^ rent
$:17 jC; 910(10. T.J.DtTNN A CO.. 1^1^ Jiarneu
DELICATESSEN, branch 10 ?^ 3
scales for sale j with exclusive
• 1 qulck - T -
T j DUNN & CO.. l-"2 Market st.
T. J. I.'UNN & CO.. 1312jMarke__t.
SALOON license and fixtures for sale. 1505
Castro St.. corner Clipper.
WANTED-Men with some capital to ta ko
positions in_new_company._Box 3o03_Cali-_
WANTED— Partner tq go to Koyokuk, Alaska.
Box 3C12. CalljJfnce. ,
A~FORTUNE Is offered to an ho^t P ersoa
with capital. Box 3til5. Call office.
A SNA P-For. sale, the well-known "">• D«!
Monte coffee. San Mateo; established J >".».
large dining-room: living rooms attached.
reasons, retiring from business.
$750 AND services secures Interest in well pay-
ing business: $150 month guaranteed; dutie*
to manage office and do collecting, etc. Ap-
ply bet. 9 and 11 a. m.. 14_McAlllster._r : _10.
A* BARGAIN in the livery business; largest
business ln Tuolumne; good roads; fine op-
portunity for practical liveryman. Box oWi.
Call offlce. ,
sale— Copper mining stock of great pros-
pective value. Write R. F. HUDSON. Rlch-
mond. Virginia. ' w .
WHOLE or half interest, store and pair.tln*
business. 19.14 Market st. '
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SAXE.
MARION GRIFFIN.
40C Hearst building, over Examiner entrane*.
Modern business methods In fine front oWcm.
Phone Black 3607. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
EXTRA NICE.
NEW 30-room house; extra fine furniture; hot
water In each room: very swell; Ieas«; Jiw"
In cash necessary; a central money majter,
exclusively for sale by MARION GRIFFIN.
~ BEAUTIFUL.
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 37 rooms; beautifully
furnished In velvet and birdseye maple; new
January, 1&01; easy terms if r «*l ae »'? d A_ Tlkr
See MARION GRIFFIN.
SWORN STATEMENT.
Rooming-house; roomers select business men,
- who require quiet and refined surroundings: **>
room*, splendidly furnished; electric elevator,
electric lights; a widely known house; price
ifSOtf); 14 cash and monthly installments to
suit buyer; long lease; the manager will snow
his books and make sworn statement thai
$287 was cleared last month. ¦. '' ¦
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 4C6 Examiner PIO.
_ _ „ CHEAP. -
ASK MARION GRIFFIN about that corner. ¦-
room flat, 4 blocks north; rent $30; clear* »-a
over rent; only $100 down.
BARGAIN.
ITS EASY to cet and easy to run; 24 room-
on one floor: very central; rent $.>>_ room;
clears $S0 to $100 month; price $1200; » 3 caan
and installments. thh^ouynd jge^^
' PERFECT. • ~~~"
PERFECT bandbox ot a house; clearing: *}*•*•
24 room* on Sutter st. ; sw«ll and full of,
steady roomers. See MARION GRIFFIN.
• VERY FINE- "--
APARTMENT-HOUSE near NOB HILL; 10O,
rooms; beautifully furnished and full of nice
peorle: long lease: exact book accounts show
•»"« *" flt m ° nthly - MAmON^fFFlN. 0 '
SUPERABUNDANTLY furnished Jan., 1904.
MULTUM IN PARVO.
31 larga sunny rooms — new building — straient
roouing-house see? Fine location, near
Gearyand Jones; emine^r^pectab^mak.
SPECIAL. 40.
ANOTHER, only with MARION GRIFFIN:
A two-story house of 40 rooms; good fur-
nishings; all men roomers; rent $110; clears
$156 monthly: reduced to $3000.
READ THIS:
PARTLY FURNISHED house in a respectable
location; north of Market: 10 rooms; o fur-
nished; _ rented; Income $31 over rent: must
be *old by April 15: price was $6<X>: now $300;
must be spot cash. See MARION GRIFFIN.
' VALUE IN SIGHT. ~ *
VTTRACTIVE 14-room house, near MW and
Hyle- wide halls; large rooms; well fur-
nished; clears *«°;prtce *iaw; fe ca«h£ Ruod
house, sunny side. See MARION GRIFFIN.
CLEARS $100 MONTHLY,
r.— mmf i>vnFn IT.rnnm house on van Ness
tern from $45u upward: all sewered and street
work done on some of them.
A. J. J=NYDER.
Heal Estate Broker and Dealer,
4<~ Ninth St..
Oakland, Cal.
BELDnN'^ BARGAINS.
MOO will buy !"t 2.'.xl27 on Adeline et.. near
|8tb st. cud new De Kremery Park; crab it
quirk.
$125 for a Jot 27x110 on Baker st., near
Carrison. Berkeley.
JlO.OOn: Kir.e factory site of 4 acres front-
ing or. S. P. R. R. and San Pablo ave. in
Went Berkeley.
fmOO — t-"|>l«?ndtd inf-om* and Investment spec-
ulation; flats with 50-?oot lot in rs&idly im-
proving Bocttan rnd well rented.
Special siift.s: I uin instructed to close out
the heirs' interest in the Jones i-state, com-
ni ivlnjr !? fix-ro^r-i QOttA~ca <>n Jones st., near
r«lt*iaph-*<— u. v.ith lots 4.ixl«x> e*Cfe. at C3SO0
¦;•¦.«* $:>:'.'•«'. 4 *ix-r<">m a-ottar.s on Jones st.,
near Grove, with lota 30x190 f-ai-h. at $25<W
apiece; «t-toot lot 011 J»n«s M. at J20O0; 2X-
*cre and 21 '•—acre :.iece In Fruitval? Pt $400
l«i $450 i>er acrv. ani lot 50x120, N. B. cor.
J4ih and Grove .--U.. *21(*>. These are racri-
¦V. prices to for«-v itnmeiiiate eales. Come
qui^k before the»"r- all cone.
liKLDKN, lt-a.1 Kstat*. 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land.
Fl'.ANK r. LEE ?ni Broadway, Oakland.
INVESTMENT.
*r.4'i0 — Two fiatr. almost new. 7 rooms and
twth ea«!i; pas and electricity; between Tele-
cr&l>h and Grove: CtOM to business center and
l-ial train;-; *t«-p>ly tenants at $04S j>er year;
fEvs 12 l>er <ent; IBVCsti— — ttt.
M7S0 — Built tor a home: almost new;
BOionlal: 7 lOOtaJU o.-m«T.ted basement ; sunny
*i<l<- of street; eear 27th and Telegraph.
$2050 — <ir*'d •-ro'jni cottage; cioss in; sunny
«ie)e; east n' Grove tt.
$1C5O — Two-eton bonce of C nk-e rooms, on
«4th Ft.; lot S«'xlO0.
$220O — New nioJern oottsge. ."« rooms; near
Pl»-<imont av».. fai!nc south; ."7:<ix117.
$1750 — New oottast-. T> iromf; all conven-
iences: good l«aremeat: lot 90x120; near Pied-
mont ave. and Key route Ht—tlCB.
If eetking a home in Oakland inspect my
list of ri^rcials.
Choice t.uil«liTis: lots \r> nil ran* of the iit>.
KRANK P. LEE.
Oil Broed»-ay. Oakland.
SOME VAUES WORTHY OF BPBCtAI. AT-
TKNTION. SOMETHING WORTH LOOK-
ING INTO.
$1450 — A modern <<>ttape of 5 rooms, with
1 1.1 ih, hot «nJ yo\<\ watr-r and ot*icr modern
convenltnow : on the sunny elde of a funny
Bfwt. 150 feet from the car line. A great
terrain.
$275O— Within thr»f blocki or the Key route
ferry line; tl-room hotSKe; very modern and
beautifully Q-bfbed; l>rt 125 fe?t deep.
STtnOO— K-rr»om houre «>n lot 4«>x!0rt feet: street
work all Arm-., sidewalks In. prod barn; every-
thing flrrt clacs. I^»t us sho* you this.
J-KJ50 — (loam of 7 moid* !n the ywell resi-
dence MHtt'n if Oakland: new and complete
iu every detail. Worth your ln.*£>ectlon.
K. 3. STEWART & CO..
KKiS Hroadwav. Oakland, Cal.
STiiirt wi'.! buy a beautiful lot in Boulevard
Ili-iglitr; fin-.- mnrine view; will double in
vilre «n two yenrv.
«1SOO will buy a fine lot WtxllK. near Broad-
way; suitable for flats: all street work done.
$72SO will huv n choice corner on Kan Pablo
• ve. .Vise 1 00 ; rmall <f>ttape on riortion of prop-
erty: rrcod nrosoective busin'-Es corner.
SOOfU v:l!l boy de*ircble property TiOxlOO
«\ith!n a I— N_ nnil a half of Broadway; nult-
ahle for ;¦•.¦» rtnicnt house; these- are a few
of o"r I'fitVE""*.
J. II. MAODOICAMJ &. CO..
(MklnnrJ. Cal.
1C52 Broadway.
POPirLATION OF OAKLAND 1910—300,000.
S25O00 — Ten V rooms and bath; modern flats;
completed 1902; right In the heart of town;
monthly rental $2S5: will net nearly !» per
cent Terms— caeh $10,000. to rult $15,000.
jatmo— Lot 45x100; 10 rooms and bath; Web-
ctrr «t.' coFt SZ0M to build.
$3500— Lot 25x100: elory and half: 10 rooms
• nil bath: »as.h tub*: brick foundation, etc. ;
fourteenth end Willow.
WALTER K. LOGAN & CO.,
U1S Bro&dw&r. Oakland.
REAL ESTATE. i
INSURANCE.
' 1 rOR sale, cheap — choice corner lot: suitable
• I I? r fl r at * or residence; one block from new
Key Route on Market «.; close ln town
T. F. RAYON. 424 Tenth st.
• _m_z •
¦ MUST sell— New house. <j large rooms; 2 blocks
to cars and "Key" route station, bank, stores !
etc. : excellent location. Owner. t>59 37th st '
Oakland. "
"iVi 1 ?. 1^.? 1 ,^ tta " e ln Oakland cheap. Box
1112. Call office. Oakland.
A LOVELY home ln East Oakland, cheap '
• I for quick sale. Box 3633, Call
! ' -
' ' OAKLAXP FPHMSHED ROOMS.
( j NEWLY furnished large sunny rooms: pri-
vate noune, near narow gauge; $1 $1 50 $*»
317 Tenth st. ' '
TO rent— Newly furnished rooms for ladles or
gentlemen. C14 Fifteenth st.. Oakland.
1 5l£iS!^L n ~^!!!H RXITimK F ' ou sale.
TO-MORRCW tie dly^^'ba^alnTTn^rn^
( , Mt * H S<-h*'haas.llth«t..cor.«tore.Oaklan_
j MILL VALLEY AD V'RT'S'M'TS
MILL VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
! MILL VALLEY
I ?0500— 2-story. 7 rooms, bath; lot I00x2oo :
1 hard finished and finely papered; electric
lirhts; aviary and choice birds; small
cottage, in rear; redwood trees.
JC5OO— 2-Mory. 10 rooms, bath, tennis court
beautiful grounds; choice location an hill-
tine ttatf of mountains. * I
?4ooo— 3-story. 8 rooms, bath, acre ground
hillside, redwoods; near depot; choice " !
. $4000— 2-ctory. 10 rooms, bath; lot 90x120- I
corner; fine marine view; near depot
$4000 — 2-Mory. 7 moms, bath, 2 lots. 1 a'crf
choice view of Tamalpais; heart of th^
red woods.
: *30uo— 1 -story. 4 rooms, bath, choice trees,
garden; view of Tamalpais, near depot- '
lot 80x146. . - . I
?240O— 2-story, plastered: lot 150x50; bearing
fruit trees; choice flowers; near depot- a !
lovely home.
»225o — 2-story. 7 rooms, bath, electric 'ight>-
redwoods; a bargain.
J240O— 1 -story, f rooms, bath; % acre; Cas-
cade drive; fine large redwoods; a choice
summer home.
;275O— 1-Etcry, 4 rooms, lot 89x280; opposite
depot; beautiful trees.
' j $1800 — 4 rooms, bath, large room In cellar;
i lot 4OXI2O; additional lot of 40x120 If de-
; Fired; sunnyside tract.
$2OTjo— 1 -story. 4 rooms and bath; lot 150 leet
front; hillside; choice residence spot..
$1500— 1-ftory. 3 rooms, bath, large basement
Jot 37xl25xSo; barn, windmill; small cot- '
tare, 2 rooms; fine for chickens; 10 min-
utes to <Jei>ot.
TO RENT FP.OM 4 TO 6 MONTHS.
?15 — Cabin, 2 rooms, in redwoods, near depot.
*2<» — f'ahln. 3 room?, in redwoods, near depot.
?25 — Cottage. 3 rooms and bath. Hillside.
$»¦;<! — Cottage. 3 to 5 rooms.
£>5 — Cottace. 5 rooms and bath. Cascade drive.
40 unfurnished cottares, u to Io rooms.
Lot« In Sunnysldc Tract, Gardner Tract and
Tf>— talpalc I^and and Water Company property.
Ktelnon & < rushing Tract. Look out for a boom
In Mill Valley property. Buy now as prlc»
will never fall.
S. N. ROBERTS,
REAL ESTATE.
Mill Valley. Cal.
SELLING FAST. ~~
SELLING FAST.
100 LOTS SOLD UP TO DATE. :- ".'
Large new tsubdlvltlon at the station of Mill
Valley: 40 acres in large lots, ln the very cen- j
ter of the valley, none of which are less than
{ 50x120; r>rlces range from (400 to $800; terms ¦
1(» t>er cent cash, balance $10 monthly; grand
I home sites amid pleasant surroundings; beau-
tiful view of mountains and the bay; the cli-
mate unequaled ; eiric-ndld opportunity for an
investment; land values bound to increase as
Mill Valley Is rapidly coming to the front-
the new electric. road has shortened the time
to 40 m'.nutea from the city; Mill Valley has
all the conveniences of a city; fine supply of -
I>ure mountain water; good sewerage and
dralnaze, electric lirhts, stores, churches and
pchools and, in fact, all conveniences; lots
beautifully wooded; send for our new illus-
trated book descriptive of Mill Valley. '
LYON & HOAG. 110 Montgomery st.
FOR sale — "Sleepy Hollow"; prettiest cottage
ln Mill 'Valley; completely furnished; largs
lot: 2 frontages; fin* garden and tre*e;
3 minutes t 0 depot, Addrws* C. Ji. DEPEW,
-t'S San Jose ave.
I FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, Central
block. 223 Sutter st.. bet. Kearny and Grant
ave.— Christian Science service at 11 a. m. ;
subject of lesson -sermon. "Doctrine of Atone-
ment." Sunday school for children at the
same hour; Wednesday evening meeting at
S o'clock: free reading-room. 200 Kearny st.,
rooms 509-510; all are welcome.
1 CHURCH of the New Thought— Rev. Henry
¦ Victor Morgan, minister. Services in Frank-
i Iln Hall, Fillmore et., between Sutter and
Bush, every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock.
] Sermon subject. "Perpetual Youth — How to
Attain It." third in the series on "A Religion
for the Life That Now Is." A cordial In-
! vltation to old and young to attend these
services. Social hour at close of sermon.
Come and ret acquainted.
; THE People's Church meets every Sunday
evening at S o'clock in Elks Hall, 223 Sutter
st. Subject this evening, "On Tables of
Stone." Pastor. Mrs. Anna L. Glllesple. resi-
dence 1101 O'Farrell st. Social Monday
evening. April 11, at 305 Larkln Et.
A MOST interesting and helpful lecture will
be held for men only at the Young Men's
Christian Association. Mason and Ellis sts.,
this (Sunday) afternoon at 3 o'clock. Mr.
McCoy will speak on "Sowing Wild Oats,
or the Younsr Man and His Harvest Time."
Special music will precede the address. A
reception and collation will be given to younsr
men following the address. All seats in
the hall free to young men. There will be.
orchestra music and a quartet of young
ladles.
BENJ. WHEELER W.ARD. evangelist, will
preach at the "Jerry McAuley Mission." N24
Howard »t.. at 7:45 p. m. and every night
(except Saturday) during the week; special
address every Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock:
fc-ibjeet this evening: "Christ Our Great High
Priest." All are invited.
THE Theosophical Society — Colonel H. S. Ol-
cott. president- founder. Headquarters, Acad-
emy of Sciences bunding. Public lecture In
main hail at S p. m. by Mr. F. M. Willis.
Subject. "The Finding of the Master." Lo-
tus Group 11 a. m. Study class, Thursday,
2:30 p. m.
THE Theoaophical Society. Odd Fellows* build-
Ing — Free public lecture every Sunday, 8
p. in. Subject to-nisht. "The'Use of Evil.'"
by Dr. M. Plumb. Library and reading-
room open dally, 2 to 4 p. m.
SUNDAY LECTl'RES.
DR. J. DEPEW KERGAN'S free lecture this
evening. Crystal Hall. Pythian Castle, 909
Market st. ; inibject, "Vital Energy." fol-
lowed by views of a visit to New Zealand;
free tickets wll! be distributed for X-ray
exhibition at sanitarium Tuesday evening;
remember the question box; special music.
ARTHUR MORROW LEWIS will lecture. Odd
Fellows' building, to-night at 8. "The Genesis
of Organic Life." This lecture gives a com-
plete account of evolution, from protoplasm
to existing species; admission 10c.
O. N. ORLOW — Lecture this (Sunday) evening
In Golden Gate (upper) Hall, C29 Sutter St.,
,At 8 o'clock, with the subject presenting
"Are We a Law Unto Ourselves?"
Instrumental and vocal music. Admission free
ADDRESSES on "Life After Death" by Rabbi
Myers and Dr. Claflln. Swedenborgian min-
ister, at meeting of Symposium In Franklin
Hall. Fillmore St., bet. Sutter and Bush.
3:30 j>. m.; all invited. .
MRS. S. ALLIS KING, mental poise teacher,
will talk ln East rarlor. Golden Gate Hall.
Sunday evening. 8 o'clock. Subject "Power
of Imagination." Earnest men and women
welcomed.
SARAH J. WATKINS of Chicago College Scl-
ence of Being, will lecture at G. G Hall
Sunday. 11 a. m. Subject. "What "la the
New Thought? What Will It Do for You?"
LENA MORROW LEWIS— Tuesday . 8 p m
Turk-st. Temple. Subject. "The Great Work
of Bebel on Woman." Free.
PROGRESSIVE Spiritualists to-night. Odd Fel-
lows' building. Seventh and Market sts Mn,
R. S. Llllle. speaker. . ..
~~- MEETINGS— SUNDAY. '¦
PROFESSOR . FRED P. EVANS, the famous
psychic, known throughout the occult world
as the peer of slate writers: interviews dally
on all subjects of interest; business, .social or
spiritual. Office 1112 Eddy st., near Octavla-
phone Scott 8S7; send stamp for circular. *
ALL skeptics invited to witness Mme. -Young's
genuine spirit messages to-night, • 10c. 019
McAllister: Mrs. Seal lectures: read, daily.
SPIRITUAL test meeting., 7:45, Scottish Hall.
117 Larkln Bt; Prof. Perkins, noted psychic
from Chicago, and others.
W. G. KEEGAN holds test seances every night
except Sat., 10c; sit., 10 to 0.- 118 Sixth st.
AGENTS wanted; either sex; no canvassing;
' no soliciting; no time from your regular oc-
cupation; no one will know you are my rep.
re^entative; no capital, outfit cr experience
needed: easy, permanent, honorable and
profitable work that can be done at home.
Ad. J. W. KIDD, key 5025. Fort Wayne, Ind.
WANTED — Agents to sell splendid article to
housekeepers; all want It; one agent made
$100 in ten days in October; only reliable, in-
dustrious agents need apply; new article;
ready seller; big . commissions Address '
JUBILEE IRON CO.. Omaha, Nebr., 1503.
AGENTS, canvassers, salesmen, solicitors, la- j
dies, gentlemen, everywhere; 1 we offer best j
selling srecialty on market; no Investment; i
decided novelty; rapid seller; handsome prof- !
Its: write to-day. Welhener-Patrlck Co., j
, ' Teutonic building, Chicago.
! BEGIN business for yourself; stop working for
j others; we start you in profitable mall-order j
business at your home; Immense profits. Full
Information for stamp, FRANKLIN-HOW-
ARD CO.. Denver, Colo. j
AGENTS — An agency for a proposition that is i
a decided improvement on building and loan !
is worth having. Great Western Improve-
ment Company, Parrott building.
AGENTS wanted; ladles or gents; entirely new !
article; big seller; big commission. Call or ';
write at once, room 37, Macdonough building, 1
Oakland, Cal. ¦ ;
$S5 WEEKLY Helling new patents; free sam-
plea guaranteed agents answering this adv. •
BRAHAM. !>t!9. Cincinnati. Ohio.
LOCAL agents for Lindsay High Candle j
Power Gas Lamps. LINDSAY & CO., 170 ;
Lake St., Chicago. .
WANTED— Circular distributers; cash paid; '
send stamp. American Distributer, Denver. '
WHY do hard work? Do easy work. Tpothlra :
Co., 1955 Market St., near Thirteenth. :
SEVERAL AI men; large commission. Call '
10 to 12 508 Parrott bldg. j
OIL burner for domestic use; Com. 517 Mar-
ket st.
MEHT WBITnrO.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange"
of property three $40 scholarships ln the best
College of Advertising in the United States,
I will sell them at 25 per cent discount for
cash: the colleze teaches advertising writ-
Ing by correspondence and assists its grad-
uates to eccure positions; catalogues, fur^
nlKhed on application. Address box 3026, Call.
ATTORXEYS-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE, quick divorce for a small fee.
6*e n-.e and *ave money; no pay In advance
G. W. HOWE. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW
Established 22 yrs.; rms. 1. 2. 3. 4 & 5, 1st fl.
1122 Market st., between Mason and Taylcr
Advice free all matters. Detectives employed.
R. W. KING, Attorney-at^Law. Exam, bldg"
6th flocr. entrance room 611; established 20
years; all casts, general court and office prac-
tice; no fee ln advance or for consultation-
evenings by appointment. .Tel. Red. 3061.
DIVORCE $12; quick; quiet; advice free Law
and Collection Office, 1023 Market st. room
2. bet. Oth and 7th; office hours 11 to 4:30. '
DIVORCE law a specialty; ncTpubTlcIty; advice
free: costs $12. Address B.A.S., P.O.box 2109.
DIVORCE— Costs. $12; quick.- quiet; advica
free; open evenings. 927 Market «t.. rm. 301.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market st.; consultation
free: no fees -In advance: open evenings.
AUTOMOBILES.
WANT automobile (Cadillac or Ford preferred)
for good renting property. W.. 1302 Webcter
Ft., Oakland. .
BOAHDI.\G FOR CHILDREN.
LADY owning; home ln country' would like
few children to board; mother's. care. Mrs.
A. P.. Haywards, California.
A GERMAN lady will board 1 or 2 children.
310 Prospect ave.. near Cortland. ave. -,
A COUPLE: would like; to take a child to
j board. Address Call Branch. 1941 Mission st.
WA NTED^-A child to > care " f or ; a good home.
25 Fell st. . . ... .'..; .:;¦ .
ci.EAimTG ahp DTnaro-.
lOOO: SUITS wanted.' to r clean^ and ureas like
new. It. CANTUA. 009 Hayt»s st. ."¦'.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
f lty or country. Pacific Collection • Co.; 418
Montsomery. roonu 0-10; teL" 1 Main :6580.\'
j CHANCE of a lifetime to one man ln each
j State with reference and few hundred dol-
1 lars for branch supplying agents (we fur-
nish agents); big profits, no risk. HIJLL,
J 154 East Twenty-third st.. New York.
I $30 OUR- weekly average for past S years on
! Investment $25; never has been equaled; we
give desired Information. GRANNAN & CO.,
230 Fourth St., Cincinnati, O.
j SNAP — Party with few hundred to Join expe-
' rienced and successful man ln one of the
b«st equipped poultry plants in State; no
! risk. Box ll.'2O, Call office.
1 ¦
I STOCK or bond issue of reputable corporation,
: mining or Industrial, wanted to sell on com-
¦ mission; give particulars. P. O. box 1463,
I New York City.
I FOR sale — Paper route of 800 papers . dally,
in connection with stationery and large list
of periodical subscribers: best cash town on
coast. Address box 3040, Call office.
I ' — — — -
j FOR sale — Way Side Saloon, Soda Springs
! road. Including 10 acres land. Address
I "Saloon," 27 Brown at., room S, Napa, Cal. .
i $200 — PARTNER wanted ln enterprising busl-
: ness; short hours: no night or Sunday work:
$20 to $.'!0 a week. 6 Eddy st., room 2; call
from 11 a. m. to 12 m. and from 3 to 4 p. m.
; FOR SALE— A small hotel. furnished, on
: Beach Hill. Santa Cruz; also furnished cot-
I taze for rent. Address "J. S.." 06 W T ash-
| Ington st.
A — $200 and services secures an Interest ln
well-paying office business; month's trial
1 given. See Brookbank, 917 Market st.
A— MILLINERY store for sale: l<est loecTlnu
in citv for first-class trade: a bargain .for
some one. Box 3523, Call.
STORE and stable to let; S.E. cor. Green and
Hyde sts; low rent. Apply J. DIMMER,
411% California St., room 0. : - . -
WANTED — To buy a half Interest; or the
whole of a good paying business; state
amount required. Box 3049, Call office.
$200 — RELIABLE man to take cash, attend
store, etc.; salary $15 week, guaranteed;
money secured. 1027 1£ Market St., room 2..
AN Eastern man with some capital would like
to Invest ln some kind of business. Address,
stating particulars, box 3099. Call office.
FOR sale — One of the best restaurants in cltyf
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear Investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — Ladies' furnishing and fancy goods
business- cheap rent; well located: estab-
lished 12 years; will invoice $S0OO; sickness.
CAMERON & CO. ¦¦
FOR sale — Half Interest in good paying, sweil
little restaurant: obliged to leave city; a
snap at $275. CAMERON & CO. .
DON'T buy before seeing my bargains; I have
business chances of all kinds; lodging-houses,
saloons, groceries, restaurants, chop-houses,
bakeries, notion stores and candy store (loans
and Insurance supplied) listed with me.
H. DOYLE, 1023 Market st. .
A — OYSTER and chop house; 14 tables: private
rooms, connected on second floor; elegant bar-
gain: paying business; must be sold: good
locality: established 20 years. H. DOYLE,
1023 Market St., above Sixth.
$250 SECURES Interest in light office work
whereby party can easily clear $90 monthly;
references exchanged: experience not neces-
sary: live man wanted: bona flde proposition.
Particulars 1007'^ Market St.. room 1.
$700 — CANDY and Ice cream parlor; money
maker; rent $1S; everything complete; fine
locality: grand opportunity. Particulars
1007^4 Market St.. room 1.
CIGAR stand; Kearny St.; doing a fine busi-
ness; cheap if sold at once; account old age.
Inquire lC07 1 /a Market St.. room 1. -
A— $.">C00; ROADHOUSE: 50 acres Included: '_•
stages; bargain. KREDO & CO.. 7C5 Market.
A— PARTNER wanted; old-estab.' commission
business: rare chance for reliable man with
little money.' KREDO & CO., 765 Market st.
A — $800- HOTEL and bar. near city: 1G rooms;
a bargain. KREDO & CO.. 765 Market st.
GRASP this opportunity— Livery and boarding-
stable, doing a flourishing business, clearing
$400 monthly: thorough investigation; books
,open for inspection: amazingly low price,
$3500. HINKLEY. 1020 Market st.
*5<fo — MANUFACTURING business: partner
wanted. DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market st.
$1000— LADY or gentleman partner In big-pay-
ing proposition. Box 1510. Call office.
ave for $1500; rent $W>; very little work tor
landlady; fine appearing house. Inside and
out; exquisitely furnished in elegant oak and
mahogany; rich Brussels carpets; profit $100
mO ° Exclusively with MARION CRIFFIN.
1_1F you want to buy a reliable
2— Hotel,
3 — Apartment-
4^ — Houss •'
5 — Or
(5 — Rcomlng-
tZr°u S ckn buy it of MARION GRIFFIN
9 — And '
10— It
11— Will
12 — Have
.uHstand your searchlight ot Investigation.
WHY NOT
GET THE BEST?
HERE IS ONE OF
th» grandest; in the best location
:-!\ THIS CITY AFFORDS. •
It contains the most elegant fumlshlnw «J
modern; price $15,000; «™ c g£~% im
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406. Examiner Bldg.
H. C. DECKER..... PHONE JOHN 531
906 Market St.. Corner Stockton, Opp. Fourth.
Headquarters for Rooming Houses.
Twenty-eight Years ln Business ln This City.
Money > to Loan on Any House.
MY MOTTO:
Square Dealing. Easy Terms. Clear Titles.
SEE MY BARGAINS:
14-room house; clears $S0 $600
10-room corner flat $550
40 rooms;' clears $250; payments. $3200
lH-room transient: must sell $12Oi>
7 rooms; only $150 cash $25O
9 rooms; on O'Farrell st.; new $«no
10O rooms; first floor offices; clears $50O.$75Oi>
25 rooms; exchange for small house... $2500
32 rooms; clears $200 $3100
30 rooms: fine corner ".83200
WANTED— To make a small Investment where
I . can' also give my services with a fair
profit assured.' Box 4198. Call office. ,
FOR SAI/E3 — A general merchandise store In
a good business town ln San Joaquin County.
Full particulars box 3637. Call office.
GENERAL merchandise store In a growing
town ln this State; will sell whole or half
Interest. Box 35SS, Call office.
GENERAL merchandise and feed store on N.
P. C. R. R. for sale; will either sell prop-r
erty or rent samo. Address box 3532. Call.
FURNITURE " and hardware store In a live
city in California for sale. Address box
4129. Call office. ' .
CIGAR stand for sale In a good location -on
Kearny st.; stock and cash register; good
cause for selling. Box 4210. Call office. .
A BARGAIN— Cicar store and billiard room;
must - bo sold. Apply to D. E. Besecker,
room 9.: 300 Pine st. .
STATIONERY, candy. Icecream' parlor, with
furnished. rooms; no reasonable offer refused.
Box 1501. Call office. . -
$t55O— SNAP— Nice ' delicatessen, bakery and
restaurant: all equipped; paying well; .easy
rent; a rare bargain. Box 1553, Call. : '
$350— PARTNER in established real estate;
¦ good opportunity for steady man. Box '1502,
¦' Call office.*- ->. - .
A YOUNG man able and willing to pay for In-
struction can learn fine ' work in one year.'
Box 1512, Call office. ;
GROCERY, with . bar "¦¦ wanted. 'j; Address . with
lowest , price, box 4232. Call office.
FOR SALE— Restaurant ; . good < location. Box
3111. Call office. .
DELICATESSEN store for sale ; good location
In the Mission. ' Box 3014. Call office.
GROCERY store In East- Oakland ¦ for ;sale;
low rent; -stable and yard. ; Box TiOOtj, Call.
A FIRST-CLASS massage parlor, - doing . good 1
business, for sale cheap. Apply, 71S Larkln st. I
PAPER route wanted; S. F. Call or German
* Demokrat; - state location.- Box 3529, * Call. ;
PHYSICIAN wanted I for -fine suburban : loca-
¦; tlon. ¦ Inquire ' at ¦ room 11, > 1170 '• Market ¦ st.
DON' T ; work " for.- others ; • be ¦ boss ; start mail-
order business; help you: plan and cata-
logue - for stamp.. CENTRAL > SUPPLY
COMPANY. Kansas City.- Mo. . :
FINE home delicacies, branch bakery, lunch-
room; splendid business; must be sold. this
week on account of immediate departure; in-
vestigate; everything new, clean; well pa>-
. ing. 581 O'Farrell st. . .
HARDWARE and plumbing business for sale
on account of going out of business. Apply
1454 Seventh St., Oakland. : ,
GROCERIES and wholesale liquors; fine loca-
tion; good business; sickness. Box 50, Call
branch offlcy Church and Duncan sts.
OAKLAND route on morning paper for sale.
Sox 1120, Call office, Oakland.
FOR sale— A good paying business for a young
couple. Address box 1559, Call office.
DELICATESSEN — Bargain If sold at once;
¦ leaving city on account sickness. Box 1535.
WANTED— Good carpenter as partner; good
chance for good man. 3373 Eighteenth st.
HALF Interest old established real estate office
in Berkeley.. P. O. box 162, Oakland. ¦
$3500 WILL buy 7 years' . lease, new , store and
fixtures; splendid location for drug store,
dry goods and notions; transfer corner. Ad-
dress box 210S, Call office.
$10,000 INTEREST In flour mill; Investment
bafe and secure; located in best wheat sec-
tion; responsible position open with ' Invest-
. ment. Address box 1103. Call office.
$175— PARTNER wanted with well known and
responsible man In well paying manufactur-
lng business. LUNDIN & CO., 318 Kearny.
DELICACY and restaurant for sale cheap ore
account of departure; a good - opportunity
Apply after 9 o'clock 411 Turk st.
FOR- sale^-Corner saloon; reasonable. Apply
Metropolltan Liquor Co.. 714 Folsom st. »
$300— PARTNER; established office paying $100
month each; snap to-day. Box 124S Call.
SALOON for sale.. 152 Steuart st. \
PARTNER wanted with email Capital fcr maT-
chlnery and - contractors' .-. supply : agency a
high-class business.. Address box 307S. Call.
I " DESIRE grubstake to complete , prospecting
.valuable coal lands.' Address Coal box 3048.
; Call office. ;,, .... .' . . .
INVESTMENT with services for. small j capi-
tal;; no risk; ; profits ; large. . Box ; 3005. Call.
FOR . sale — First-class '•¦ road , house, near " new
. Chutes; r bargain. 3040 Fulton : at. .' ¦ • * •¦ •«-•
e5-room hotel; rent $200 $3000
45 rooms; grand eunny corner $4500
55 rooms: country hotel and bar $2500
170-room hotel and bar $2300
100 other houses from $100 to $20,000
H. C. DECKER. 90« Market st.
MITCHELL & CO.... Phone Jessie 29SI
1200 Market st., opposite Sixth.
16 rooms; neat, sunny, two-floor house; rent
$40: sell or exchange; price $t>50. . .
26 rms.; choice corner rooming-house; unex-
celled fcr transient as well as steady roomers.
25 rooms; well-appointed housekeeping
suites; landlady must sell; make offer.
MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market »t.
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.,
Phone Black 6901. 777 & Market it.
- ... Bank References. -
Any house sold on easy terms.
Buyers' guide; bring this ad with you.
¦> Some of our Special Bargains.
APARTMENTS — 17 rooms: nicely furnished;
good location; -money-maker; price $16ihX
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT COMPANY.
I 22 ROOMS; good furnishing?; choice location-
! rent only $»»; snap; $1000. CALIFORNIA
! INVESTMENT COMPANY.
I BIG speculative boy; 24 rooms; choice; J? of
i Market location: brick building; clears $100
\ mo.; rent $B0; price $700; partners disagree
j ( CAL. I^^TMENT_CO. ! _777Vi Market st
12 ROOMS, nicely furnished; choIceTN~of~Mar-"
ket location: clears $40 and your rooms- no
1 wotk; rent $47 50; price $700; only $40O cash
1 balance easy terms. CAL INVESTMENT Co!
HOUSEKEEPING apartments; 24 rooms- flnei-
fitted; choice location; clears $100; no' work-
asking $2000;. make offer; death cause of
_ 8 i! e ij"£l"_f!?_ wUh _5 AL - INVEST CO.
APARTMENT hous* 40 rooms'; new and beaut '-
. fully furnished: lease; low rent; price *40oo
half^ash: don't wait. It will go. CALIFOR
NI A'lN VESTMENT CO.. 777^ : Market £
100 ROOMS: sunny corner; rent $123 S45OO
1 12 rooms; cltars-$350: low rent... **"s45CO
80 rooms; furniture nearly new * Ljgoo
15 rooms; Jlne .location., north ot Ma"rket!$30O
i:t2^^^^h^r,nf!.?^^
CA M R°R e Q y Ll!. O 2l'5 a Ke, O rny r r UUre - "?& *
GOLDEN GATE. »»— 0-room house; w_ton-
nble:, clean; payments; leaving city.
2rROOMS;;Post St.. close In; only $1300: half
-cash; no agents.- Owner, box 275S, Ca_~IE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SUNDAY; APRIli 10; lflOi:
45
l.nnnt>«: mtrn^ r s nn - *t.~ ¦.— <••»•».'
A. CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1030.
3 Eddy et.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooreing-Houvee. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances. --.... j
190 rooms; new and elerantly appointed
apartment-house: swell location; long lease;
cheap rent; part ca«h. balance made out ot
house without Interest.
10 rooms; Ellis; newly furnished: rent $40;
apartments; 5200 down, balance $20 per month,
no Interest; must be sold on account other
busine-s; price $725.
To rocms; well located; north Market; cheap
r.-nt; income $70. leaves 2 rooms landlady;
sr.ap; >3U0.
75 rooms; e««, modern- building; elegant fur-
rishirgs; cheap rent; doe* In; will clear $400
pet month; (5000 down, balanc* can be paid
out of house; ree this.
17 rooms; rent only $70: oak furniture; Ai-
minster carpets; fine Tocstion; clears $S0; Cn*
buj.
-9 rooms: central; cheap rent; well fur.; some
housekeeping; full; will take flat tn exchange.
I2fl room*; fine downtown corner house: pri-
Mite baths: beautiful furniture: 2 entrances:
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, betides
regular roomers; will b«-_r lave.stlra.Uon.
21 rooms; corner; rent only $S5; oak fur.;
rood carpets; housekeeping ; all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms landlady; I
price $1600.
•0 rooms; new; modern apartment-houM: 10-
year lease; cheap rent: cle_ rlnr $2S0 to $300;
very central; first-class proposition.
11 roams; Ellis «t. ; close In; oak furniture;
rne^uet carpets; part cash, balance time; price
$650.
1CS rootc*; cheap rent; new and elegantly
furnished: up-to-date rooming-house; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction If desired; rare
chance fcr right parties; part cash, balance
can b* r*ld out of house: other business Inter-
nets demand Immediate departure.
126 rooms; rent enly $4 per room: n*w and
up-to-date house; all men; electric elevator,
lights; long leas*; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the best buy* in the city.
19 nvjir.«; rent only $100; well furnished; 1»-
tl« arartment-houee; reduced to $1100.
20 rocrni; cheap rent: close in; thoroughly
respectable; all full; clears $100; part cash.
W room*; rent only $130; eak aad cherry
fur.; fine carpet*; done tn; fin* moaer-maker. j
220 rooms: r.sw and up-to-date apartment- j
house: luxuriously furtslrhod: 6-year contracts '
(lor cheap lighting: rrand new building-; clear-
ing $400 to *<¦<¦» per month; obllred to leave
diy.
11 room*: rent $40: close In; oak. cherry fur-
niture: Brussels carpets; clear* $33 over all
expeesee, $400 each, balance time; snap; $700.
4* rooms; rent only $63; well located hotel,
south of Market: fine bar: well stocked; brick
bu-lldinr: electric lirhts: everythlnr rood con-
dition: part caoh, balance time; price $2300:
will exchange th!« with rood real estate for
Icrge downtown hous*.
?0 ro<->res : elegantly furnished : rent only $250;
eak and rr.ahorany furniture; 60 boarders;
clearing $250 per month; close In; fin* buy;
price *e000.
9 rocms: eunr.y Cat: rent $30; oak, mahog-
ar.y fur; obliged to leave city; reduced to $650.
2* r«ems: elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
1-. . . doing fine business; will trade for large
erartrcent-houB« and pay cash difference.
is rooms; rent $$3: well fnmlshe.; all new;
Jfirti down, balance 14 per cent; fine buy; only
$1250. j
25 rooms; rent only $60; north Market; all
full: clears $100 per month; price $1800; win
exchange for sr.-.all chicken ranch.
io« r*xMT>»; new; most elegantly appointed
family factel in city; all full and eleartnr $400
tsi *<»OO per n.onth: books open for Inspection;
cblired to leave city.
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; rood
carpets; sickness; price $350.
162 rooms: meet elerantly appointed apart- I
went house in San Francisco: beautiful, mod- !
em butfd'nc: fine entrance: cheap rent; dear-
DK.VT1STS Condnned.
EASTERN Expert Dental Co. will do your work
by the year and give you 12 months' credit.
ltf Turk tt.. over Burnett'* Drug Store. .
Paris Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 60 up; crowns. S2 up; fllllnc3.25c
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surreon-denUst.r.l4.lBt
floor. Phelan bid.. 808 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. H. G. YOUNG— Bridges and teeth wtth-
out plate* Bpeclalty. 1841 Polk «t.
GOLD fllHtr* 75c; silver. SSc: crowns. $2'. no
pain: open Sundays. Dr.O.B.Hewltt.204 Sutter.
1>KKS»MAKKKS A\l) SKAMSTltRSSUS
SUCCESS!— SUCCESS I— SUCCESS !
The McDOWELL DRESSMAKING anJ
MILLINERY SCHOOL, with twelve years or
eucce!>s;-l work, offers to pupil* the leading
¦ystem of dresscuttlng and thorough Instruc-
tion In cutting, fitting and finishing all gar-
ments; poetical course In millinery; patterns
cut to order. 1019 Market st.
Accordion, sunburst and knire-plaittn;; double
stamps on dress linings. Stewart's button and
Vnttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; teL Folsom 2121.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Patterns cut to m«asur«; eve, class. 1019 Mitt.
*>»*l*iri'_A.JL.I!»J>_
BEAD, on pare S4, of the wonderful prophecy
by ifcMAK — another proof of her marvelous
Fewer* as a ftctress.
Mrs. Dr. Martin, wonderful spiritual healer and
business medium ; readings daily. $1; develop-
Inr class Thurs.8 p.m. lOOCB Golden Gate ave.
AI.MER'S spe. life readlnrs absolutely free un-
less correct ;medlums quickly develop. 457 Eddy
MME. LUCRETIA. eplrit medium; circles every
evening; hours 10 to 8. 14S Sixth st., rm 1.
MRS. L. H0DG6ON. 148 Sixth st. room 1C;
¦Ittlnr* dally. 1 to 5; circles every night. 10c.
MRS. LE8T_.R'S test circle S p. m., 10c; read-
ing» dally, 23c and 60c 122 Taylor si.
EDWARD EARLE. 1032 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; stances Sunday and Thursday.
PHOF. FRED EVANS, noted clairvoyant and
¦late-writer. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 8S7.
CLAIRVOVA.VTS.
THE FUTURE REVEALED.
THE PAST DISCLOSED.
THE PRESENT ANALYZED
BY LIVINGSTONE.
426 Eddy st.
PROF. LIVINGSTONE'S readings are like
a Hvlnr pare of Flammarton's treatises that
la ao eleclrlfylnr the world 10-day. HE IS
NO IMITATOR. His work is upon original
lines; PURE THOUGHT. CLEAR VISION.
He TELLS YOU WHAT YOU DESIRE TO
KNOW, AND WORKS IN THE OPEN
LIGHT. AND IS AS CONSPICUOUS FOR
ITS WONDERFUL OCCULT ANALYSIS AS
IT IS FOR ITS ORIGINAL EXPRESSION
AND VIVID TRUTHFULNESS.
A test readlnr is not a life reading. Wh?r.
you call on PROF. LIVINGSTONE he will
¦rive you a full life reading for $1. A test is
ei little value when the mind Is troubled —
you seed more substantial aid and advice.
Thi* 1* just what PROF. LIVINGSTONE
give* you when you call on him for a flrst-
clas* clairvoyant reading. He asks you no
questions, but tells you what yuu wish to
know.
He does not mention all the tils and mis-
fortunes you are heir to. You are acquainted
with the fscts In your case. Let PROF.
LIVINGSTONE analyse t_« matters that are
troubling you, find the cause of trouble and
suggest the remedy.
Remember the number — 42S EDDY ST.
Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. tn.
ASSURED success for you.
Call at once and save $4.
HI* famous $5 readlnr this week for
$1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 $1
No charge No charge
Unless you obtain the Information for
which you consult rim.
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance clairvoyant and
palmist «ver In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to h« full judre.)
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fail to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you if
bu«b_n A. wife or lover Is true or false; who
and when you will marry; how to gain the love
EDt T CATJto:_AL-— Contlnned.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business Colle** on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1362 Market; catalog.
WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
spelling, wr ltlnc. etc. : day eve. ; $4 mo. eve. "
HEALDS School of Mlnes_Electrlclty. 24 Post
st.. B. F.; a practical school of engineering;
complete equipment. Special catalogue free.
SPANISH-ENGLISH. Engllsh-Spanlsh.oral and
written translations. Prof. Maya. 427 Sutter.
BERT X. TUCKER. A. B.. M. S.. private tu-
tor. University School. 2310 Clay st.
FLUTE, mandolin, fcultar lessons. Write or
call PROF. GASTALDI, 102ft Sixth «t
SPANISH; fascinating method: fourth success-
ful year. PROF. MAYA. 427 Sutter st.
SPANISH — A practical and progressive raeth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. 530 California, y.4.
GUITAR, mandolin and ptano, $3 per mo.;
mandolin club SI per mo 823 Halght *t- I
' KENT Law School; day and evening; send for
j particulars. 53C Parrott building.
I SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PAnTINQTON'8. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
PIANO lessons. 23c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher. 1013 Mission, nr. Sixth.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
GE^5mnrXbKi7^2T?MrTt7rTeir^u»h~i85^
Japanese-Chinese employment office; fur-
nishes best help; contract* for farm help. etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnesa help. 428 Powell «t. Tel. Main- B752.'
FRITZ'S Emp. Office; Japanese and Chines*
help. 415 Stockton st.'*.Tel. Grant 108.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Malh 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY * CO.. 640 Clay.
KMPLOYMEXT WAXTED FEMALE.
A — THE Domestic Club. 233 Geary »t.
Phone Bush C54.
CARETAKER.
Married couple (38) wish the caretaklng of
house during owner's absence; .references to
leading families of this city; has had sim-
ilar position here; house, etc., kept In per-
fect ccndttlon.
Lonr or short term.
ANDRE'S Office, 317 Stockton st. — German,
French, Scotch and American cook*; Swedish
laundress; chambermaid and eewing; wait-
ress and parlor maid: French and English
nurse maid; German cook' for hotel or board-
j ins-house: maid or nume to ro East, no
! -se«-6: nurse, small .children, and a number
i of slrls for city or country.
WANTED — Position by a reliable woman In
family where there ar» no children, or will
cook for camp of 0 men; Is a first-class
plain cook: country preferred, but willing
10 accent rood place In* city; please pay-
fare. Address 312 Jesile st.
AT 508 Mason— Mrs. Walser; phone Black 1533.
Cashier, ref. from last employer, $40.
Exp. nurse. 1 child, hotel or fam., $20.
Refined lady, housekpr., full charre, $3O-$35.
4 chambermaids, summer resort, pref. ref.
WANTED — By neat young dressmaker, sew-
lnr by the day. or will take a place as maid
I and veamstr.**3 by the month. Address box
j 3563. Call Offlce. 1
STRONG, wllllnr American woman wants
laundry work only; II 25 and car fare;
sweeping and cleaning also done. 64SA Jes-
sie \t.. downstairs.
BY experienced, lady's nurse; watt on Invalid
and help with litht housework: Is a good
plain sewer; references. Call at 853 Har-
rison st. near Fifth.
A SWEDISH lady with education, desiring to
learn English language, wishes position in 1
rood family to assist in light housework; I
no attention to wages. 11C1 Howard st. J
A WOMAN wishes situation to do cooking;
wining assist in housework; can furnish ref-
erencrs; no letters answered. Call at 1241
Broadway. Oakland.
P.ESPECTABLE young lady wishes to do up-
st^rs work and take care of child; refer-
ences; wages $25. Call Monday, 33 Elliott
Park, between Geary and O'Farrell.
! — " '
EMPLOYMENT WAXTRD — KKMAI.H. '
WANTED — Position as saleslady in millinery
store; age 24 years. Address box S5S5, Call.
WANTED — A position as housekeeper by youns*
woman. Address box 3570.' Call office^
A YOUNG woman would like to do washing
by the day. Address box | 3101,' Call.
A YOUNG girl wants a place In hotel as
waitress. Box 3044, Call.
"WANTED— Position by woman: experienced
solicitor. Address box 3C30, Call.
YOUNG lady, wants to do some light house-
keeping. Box 3010. Call office. . - «
WOMAN wants washing by the day. 351 Jes-
sle at. : ' . " . . \. . •¦ .
RELIABLE lady wishes position 33. house-
keeper in lodging-house. Bo_ 3018. Call.
YOUNG lady would like drrssmaklrig by, the
day. Address bo_ 3305. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted by young lady as cashier in
restaurant. Address D. 3.. box 33_«. Call.
YOUNG lady wants a position as grocery clerk,
5 year*' experience. Address Call, box 31u8.
BY a very first-class cook and manager, equal
to chef; excellent references., 317 Stockton st.
POSITION wanted by stenographer; quick and
accurate. Box 111» Call office, Oakland.
WANTED — Position as housekeeper In hotel.
Box 53, 1003 Market st.
LADY wants position" to do plain sewing. :WX5
Fourth ave.. nr. Clement St., Richmond Dls.
STENOGRAPHER wants situation: references.
480 Fourth ave., Richmond District.
THOROUGHLY experienced saleslady In gloves
wishes position. Box 1561, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED nurse wants engagement in
confinemjnt case. 225 Fourth et. ' .
A WORKING housekeeper; moderate wages.
225 Fourth st.
A LADY takes washing home; open air dry.
Thone Fell 1041.
WOMAN* wants work by the day. ."428
Fourth st. ¦ j
A WOMAN wants washing by the day at home.
C31 Gearr »t.
WANTED — Position as managing housekeeper;
reference*. Box 1XU. Call office.
WOMAN wants work by day. 245Vi Clara St.
A COMPETENT seamstress wants sewing; 75c
a day. Address box 110. 1008 Market st.
REFINED woman wants work at dinners,
parties, etc. Box 1314, Call offlce.
WANTED— Position in offlce. Box 1517. Call •
offlce.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Call 9#
Salmon *_. ort Pacific, near Taylor.
A LADY will work afternoons; 6Oc: dressmak-
ing or seamstress. Box 1510, Call.
POSITION wanted as chambermaid In hotel.
Box 15ns, Call. . I
WANTED — Position as chambermaid In room-
ing-house or hotel. Address box 1329, Call. I
WANTED — By reliable woman position as
chambermaid. Box 3000,' Call offlce.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day. Call
at Freelon and Zoe, In grocery store.
WANTED — Day work by competent woman. I
Call 1163 Market st. - ¦ . , I
WOMAN wants nosltlon for housework, city '
or countrj". Box 1539, Call. j
YOUNG lady wishes to learn to be trained j
nurse. Box 1543. Call offlce. j
YOUNG girl wishes a place to do light house- i
work. Apply 1023 Folsom st. j
YOUNG woman wants a position to take care '
of children and s*«ist in housework; refer- i
ence. Box 3504, Call offlce.
A COMPETENT woman: laundry, cleaning,
serving by the day; wages $1 50. Address
173A Clara «t.
WOMAN wants position as housekeeper ' In
small family; no washing; state wages. Box j
3369. Call. 1
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEP— MALE, r |
YOUNQ man wants position as elevator ope-
rator in hotel; 5 years' experience and can
furnish cood rifertnets. . Aauress box JU0,
Call offlce. -'¦,-. , * ..-. - -1
STEADY reliable ' man wishes employment of
any kind; is handy with tools and a good
driver. Address G. ,L. E., 174 Fourth St.;
- room 30, -< city . . •
ENGINEER wishes steady, position, taking
charge of plant or work 'as assistant; all-
round mechanic; long experience; good refer-
ence. 310 Langtonst., city. . '"
AUTOMOBILE to drive and care for by single. I
sober. Industrious man; private family: coun- -
try preferred; personal ref. J Box 1102, Call.
EXPERIENCED^ and reliable ,- grocery clerk '
nnd bartender, . married man, desires posi-
tion In country. Address box '1 3017. ': Call. '
GENERAL machinist. - mlllwrieht and en-
gineer, first-class rf ferences. wants steady
posltlon; city or country. Box 1233, Call.
YOUNG man wishes a position to do offlce
work or collecting; can furnish best of refer- >
enc-ps. Address box 3030. Call offlce. I
EXPERIENCED driver with business ability,
wants position: on H_ht waeon; rood refer- '
ences. Address Box 3527 Call office.. - •
A RELIABLE, honest, sober and able ma.J
wishes a position: the very best of references
can be given."-;. Bex 3*520, Call.
MAN and v.ife want situations where they
rnn mak» lh«nwlve« I useful. L. J. MOR-
RISON, 315 Golden Gate, ave.
FIRST-CLASS carpenter and cabinetmaker de-
sires permanent position; city only. Box
3102. Call offlce.
ENGINEER and machinist would like position
In planing mill; can make sticker knives.
Box 3500. Call. .'.-,.
WANTED — By a younc : man. position In a
wholesale house- as day janitor. Box 1231,
Call offlce. • - - ¦ •
MIDDLE seed man desires a position as so-
. llcltor: best of newspaper references. Box
3541. Call. •
A COACHMAN and gardener; good milker:
understands raising of chickens; willing and
obliging. J. K., 500 Washington st. .
COACHMAN — Position wanted by competent,
reliable young Englishman-; understands gar-
dening: can milk, etc. Address Box 1507. Call
BAKER; good, all-round bread and cake baker
and ornamentor: country preferred. BUR-
TON, 192 Seventh st.
BUSINESS man wants afternoon employment; \
would handle olu-llne health Insurance. Box J
3107, Call office^ - ?
BOOKKEEPER, experienced, wishes position
In one of the leading wholesale houses. !
Box 1550. Call. j
YOUNG man desires position as stenographer: '
two years' experience commercial work; state
salary. Addr?gs box 1515. Call office.
STEAMER or ferry boat, carpenter or water-
man; three rears In the U. S. Navy: rood
references, sober and honest. Box 1B21, Call
A PAINTER, paperhanrer and tlnter wants
work; rates reasonable. . or by the- day.
Fainter. 737 Harrison st.: basement.
MAN wants work by th* day. 24 Oak Grove
ave. ¦< j
A SHIPPING clerk, with the best of city
references, would like position In city, .or
would go north. Box -3543. Call offlc*. •
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian, wants work
of any kind: can drive and care for horses.
Box g7S0. Call offlce. . ¦ ¦ . '
RELIABLE Japanese wants good position to
do general housework; $6 up a week. MI-
CHAEL. 1212 Point Lobos ave.
SITUATION wanted: porter or houseman;
first-class man; presently employed; city or
country: references. Box 1346, Call offlce.
A STRONG, reliable man would like a situa-
tion as porter or watchman. Address H. C,
7 Baldwin court, off Folsom. St.. near 1st. !
TAILOR — First-class tadles' and gentlemen's;
cutter and fitter; situation wanted. Box 1503,
Call offlce.
MEAT cutter of many years' service desires
situation: satisfaction guaranteed. Box |
3(3#;. Call. ¦
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED MALB. |
YOUNG man wants position evenings.. Box
3507, Call office.. ¦'¦: ¦¦'"¦-". - -¦• f l x •¦
BOY wants. job tendlnr cfews. Box A. B. C.
Call offlce. ,
BOY- wants job driving a wagon- or In a
butcher shop. 1010 Hayes st. ¦
WANTED— Situation as porter. Box 3077.
_Call offlce. -«
AN EXPERIENCED stock boy wants a posl-
tlon. Box 307», Call. '
AN old man wishes a situation of any kind.
Address box 3631. Call. offlce.
YOUNG boy would like a position as wrapper..
Box 3C27. Call. ,<
YOUNG man desires position in /wholesale
hou»e. Box 3C29. Call.
STRONG boy wants situation; city or country.
Address box 3004. Call.
YOUNG man wants position es Janitor. Apply
C02 Bug- st.
BOY wants position In offlce. Box 1506, Call
office.- ... . . j
WANTED — Position as bookkeeper. Box 150.5. j
Call offlce, -¦•:-. |
WANTED — Light work afternoon 1 to 6. Bex
351P, C_U offlce. ¦ ¦
BOY wants position In offlce. Box 15CS, Call
offic*. ,
WANTED— Work by the day. Box 1505, Call
office.
WANTED— Position by a reliable man. Box
1S04. Call offlce. ¦ •
BOY wants position In offlce. Box 3104, Call
office. ¦ - '
YOUNG man want* position on farm. Bos
3106. Call offic*. • -
BOY wants position In wholesale house. Box
3103. Call offlce. ¦
BOY wants work after school. 1304 Turk st.
A YOUNO man wishes position In stable. Box
3512. Call offlc*.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work at gardening.
Box 3510. Call offlce.
POSITION wanted as bartender. Apply box
3511. Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants work In wholesale firm. ¦
Box 1518. Call. ' '
MAN wants to work In stabte. E. BARRY.
S45 Geary st. ¦ \ I
DRIVER well acquainted In the city, a hustler, j
wants work of any kind. Box 1337. Call. I
ICECREAM maker wants situation; first class.
. Box 1522. Call. •
RELIABLE sober man. handy wlih tools,
wishes wo'rk. Box 3C05, Call.
PROOFREADER and expert In English desires
steady work. Box 3550. Call office.
A MARRIED man wishes position as teamster;
city or country. Box 3340. Call .office. .
81TUATION wanted by young man. willing to
do any work. A. B-. 1321 Pierce st.
BAKER.- bread or cakes; wants position, city
or country. Address box 3094. Call, offlce.
POSITION a* bookkeeper In wholesale house;
salary $75. Addres* E. G.. 419 Bush et.
SHOEMAKER— Boy want* position to Im-
prove. Apply 32tf Duncan Bt. j
A POSITION to take charge of Institution or
hotel laundry. Box 153S. Call offlce.
CARPENTER, non-union, with experience In
jobbing, wants work. Box 1545, Call offlce.
A GOOD mattressmaker wishes work by day.
Address box 1533. C»ll of net.
A BOY wishes work of any kind. Address box
15a5. " Call offlce. ______
WANTED — Position as porter, - clerk or Jan-
• ltor. Box 1523. Call offlce.
POSITION an bouncer at an old ladies' home.
Box 3CC2, Call. j
EXERCISE boy at the track. Box 3065. Call j
offlce. j
KMPLOYMEXT WASTED MALE.
WANTED— A position as clerk. Box 3031.
Call office. . v. v
BOY. 13 years old. wants to learn watch-
maker's trade. Box 3082. Call.
STENOGRAPHER wants position: experienced
In legal work. Bex ;joss. Call.
WORK as porter in saloon. Apply at 213 8ta-
venson st.
MAN wants situation to sell straw hats. GRO-
VER GEORGE. »U Folsom st. ¦
CARRIAGE trimmer wants work tn country.
Box ;;</.n. Call.
AN experienced wrapper desires good position.
Box 3007. Call.
EOY wants position in office. Box 3540. Call.
GOOD boy. age 14, wants to deliver morning
paper. Box 3523 Call.
BOY wants position as stock boy. Box 3313,
Call of Hce. - '
BOOKKEEPER, first class, having leisure
time, wouM like one or more sets of books to
keep: competent to handle all classes cf ac-
counts. Box 3537, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly experienced
i cook; steady, reliable man: 24 years' experi-
ence. Box -334, Call office.
CAPABLE young Englishman, literary, hack
clerk and copyist, desires post. HASTINGS.
New Western Hotel
BAKER — AH round foreman, waata work on
home-made . milk bread or cakes'. Eox 3605.
Call office^
A SOBER, steady, honest man. aged 32. speaks
German: In retail or wholesale house, or
commission store. C. B. R.. 7C3 Howard st.
EXPERIENCED bank clerk wishes po«itlcn.
Box 3332. Call office.
YOUNG man wants. a Job In stable. Box 3533.
Cgll offloe.
YOUNG man wants position: will do any kind
of work. Box 333S, Call office.
A SHOWCARD writer wants work of any kind
in a ftto-e; city or country. Box 3625, Call.
WANTED— A man with over 20 year*" ex-
perience In logging, railroad construction
and timber «stima.tln- would like a position
as traveling agent to look up timber land or
take charge of extensive logging operations;
references. Address C. box 11S7. Call office.
YOUNG' man with two years' experience- In
plumbing In th* East would like to get work
In a first-clas& shop to finish trade. Ad-
dress PLUMBER, SCO Wood st.. Oakland.
BAKER'S h*lt>er. clean, sober. Industrious
young man. best references, experienced
helper and driver, wishes to finish trade; $23
to *.;u and found. Box 12-I-. Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS licensed plumber (non-
union) wants work by the day or wesk'for
property owner; has all necessary shop tools.
Box 1224. Call otflce.
WANTED — By young man. a position around
machinery; have been employed fcr 4 years
by a large construction company; references
If wanted. Box 1CS3. Call office.
SITUATION or employment wanted by ex-
pert draughtsman and patent specification
writer. Address II. M.. 324 E. Eighteenth
St.. Oakland. Cal.
A HARDWARE man. thoroughly competent.
desires position; city or country. . Box 1210,
Call offlce. _^
YOUNG man wishes position in stable. R..
box 230. Call office.
BAKER, first-class all around man. wants
situation in the countrj-. Box 1227, Call.
SOBER, reliable Japanese wishes position In
private family: can milk cow. take care of
horses, chore around; generally useful; city
or country. Box 1245, Call offlce.
JAPANESE couple want positions, cooking and
housework. US Eddy st. . : . ' '.'-' '
JAPANESE (honest boy) wants situation as
waiter at table- In good family: city or coun-
try. J- HAMA. 7C3 Larkln gt. Tel. Polk 37«-'.
JAPANESE boy wants housework and plain
cooking- Please call at 1010 McAllister. teL
Fell 7181. .;:/•,-•--',' .
YOUNG Chinese, first-class cook, wants po-
sition In private family; wages $35. AH
SING. 815 Dupont st.
CHINESE boy wants position, housework,
hotel or boardincr- house. 21 Brenham place.
inj J4". per monui; a-yesr lease; pan casn,
balance fe per cent per year.
>• rooms; fine upper flat: rent only $39; can j
be had by paying $150 down, balance time; I
$*5(t.
JR roorr.a: rent $S5: north Market: close In; j
Cood money-maker; reduced from $10u0 to $1100. j
!>0 rooms; part offices: elegant new bulldinsr ;
end furniture; high-class location; beautiful ,
ha!l«: e-veryihing modern; flrst-claa* grill In j
connection; best proposition In city; called East, j
24 rooms: rent $145; new and elerantly fur-!
r.isntd: cak end mahogany; fine proposition; i
good lease.
23 rocms; well furnished; first -claw tran-
sient house: 2 blocks off Market; 5-year lease;
tlearing over $100; good buy for aome one.
31 rocms: rent $110; all light rooms; clear-
Ing over $10u per tr>o. ; regular snap: only $800
to ret In; must leave cJty at once; price $1300.
12* room«; cheap rent; long lease; flrst-
< lam uji-to-date downtown hotel; -well fur-
nished; clearing $500 to $«00 per month: must j
sell on account of ether business; only with us.
SPECIAL— $000; 2S furnished rooms, all full,
tn tLe ftrfert location in Point Richmond. Ap-
ply to J. MURRAY, box t&. Point Richmond.
SMALL lodrlng- house 7 rooms and bath; nlce-
IV furnished; $250; call afternoons. 230A !
_ Third tt.
1178 — HOARDING an<l lodging: 17 rooms fur- I
r:l»b*ti; rent $1S; rood place. 330 Main st.
Jti ROOMS; rent $M>; water free: 2^-year i
lease; furnished new; make offer. 323 Taylor.
GEARY, 3<3 — 14 rooms, nicely furnished;
steady nv>mer«; «lckne»» cause; sacrifice.
A SNAP— Llcht housekeeping: 14 rooms; ln-
vestlrat*. U49 MUston St.
FOR sale — Manhattan House, £23 Battery St.;
2$ rooms: bar: account of owner 1 * death.
A BRANCH offic- of The Call (or the reception I
cf advertlsem'n!* and rubicrlotlon* has been :
opened «t 1006 Market it. eppesiu Fifth.
Ol^n tmtti il t» tn |
C AltPBT P.^AT-'A?. - f_* P. yjkfi^. 1 * 1 /* '?.• 1
COMl'UEbb'ED air and vacum system now I
universally used In cleaning carpets on !
noor: without removal: price moderate; S. ]
T. CompresMd Air Cleaning Co.. SOB Mar- I
ket st : tel. Main 122. Bush 478.
WHEN you become dlsrasted with your work
•end 'or SPAt -LniNO'8 Pioneer Carpet-beat-
tnr Wort« ££3— t37 Tehama st.: t*l. South 40.
AT MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth st.. dean- '
:r.p & laying done reasonably. Tel. Mission ¦"!.
WESTERN C-rp^t ClesDlruf Works. l*0« Har-
rison rt.: Al cleaning: 3<\ TeL Mission 223.
CTiN'KoIN'S Superior Carpet -beating Works,
333 Ooidrn Gate ave.: telephone East 120.
HOPKE BROS.: excellent carpet beatlnr: mat- i
tr**ses made over. 1432 Howard :tel. South 21$. •
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.:
tel. Mam X*4. GEO. WALCOM tt CO.. Props.
nUDCLPH & CO.. carpet-beatsnr works; prices
n-iwnahi*. 1703 Harrison st. : lei. Mission 263.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pares. In wrapper, for matllnr. $1 per year.
COTTAGES TO LET.
DOLORF6 St.. cor. Cumberland, near Twen-
tieth — Lovely sunny cottage. « rooms, bath;
$22 SO.
COR. l>olor»s and Cumberland, near 2Otb —
•'all for demonstration Tel. Jessie 3G06. 1
COTTAfiKS— SinrKHAWTO \'Y}' T '_
!>-ROOM cottare; modern: In MUlbrae. San
Mateo Co. MRS. E. F. SMITH, Millbra*.
CKEOTT CI^T~C~~~»F
C rr~ADAMS- CO.
SPECIAL CREDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole Jsmlly from hat* tt
shoe*: everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. SIB Mason st.
ci^>T-_r~ro ~u~~roTATX~rp.
tins cleaned and creased. $1; scourinr _nd
eyeing. Bon Marche. 40 Ellis et., room 14;
thone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
CTJJ--S JtUJTUitJU
WHO? — Hunter. 12O0 Market et.: $100; rupture
cure for $10: circular explain*: sead for ob*.
DENTISTS.
UK. GKUSS. Slti Callaghaa bldg- Market aad
McAllister sts., uses the Etas^ord obtunder;
the only device ever Invented for crlndlng.
drilling and e-xcavatlnr teeth without palu.
Call fcr demonstration. Tel. Jessie 3CM.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr Eleventh
—No charre for extracting when plates an
rr.ade; old plate* made over tlk* new; t*eta
from $S per set: extracting 60c; gas given.
A NEW plst* — The Whalebone— cannot bre-k:
warranted SO yrs: crown. $3 SO; Rllinrs. &Oc:
plates. $S; full set; all - work painless aad
warranted. Chicago Deatal Parlor*. 24 Sixth.
ELITE Dental Parlors. 63* Market St.; best
and cheapest office tor all dental cper_tlc_*.
of the one you desire; "In fact," I will tell you
etery hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice is reliable, his pow-
ers are wonderful and Indisputable: he Ira-
proves vcur character so that you will reach ;
the highest possible development in mental \
vicor. be.lth. happiness an_ capacity to earn j
wealth; the controlling power Implanted In j
your nature, so you can change the intentions,
actions or babits of any one secretly; cures
disease and lost vitality; gives advice on mln- ,
ir.g and buried treasures; gives you success In .
life: hs guarantees you success or charges 1
nothing for his services. I
.. 10 a. m. to 6 p. m. ; Sunday*. - to 6.
32fl — OTsrreU street— 32*. •
MISS M. WILLE. 400 Geary st.. clairvoyant
and crystal seer: don't fall to call on the
greatest adviser on the Pacific Coast; If you
are In trouble of any kind, business, domes-
tic, she will surely put you on the road to
•uccess. as she has done for hundreds; no
matter what trouble you may have; gives
the secret how to control, charm, fascinate
the one you love, although milrs apart; spe-
cial. $1; hours, 10 to 8 p. m. Tel. Green 33.
IfcMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently locate? at 1104 Market
st.. cor- Turk: private read.nes dally, 10 a.
rn. to 5 p. m.: readings by mall as satisfac-
tory as In person; 3 questions answered, $1;
full life. $3; send lock of hair, date of year'
of birth: don't send currency: send postoffice,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
__— _ , j
READ, on page 34. of the wonderful prophecy I
by 1FMAR — another sroof of her marvelous
powers as a stc-res*. j
A — Miss M. WIHe, 460 Gear}', clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly !
what you called for without asking a ques- {
tlon; names given: special. $1; hour: 10 to 8. j
MME. BISAZZA. great card reader and palm-
ist, returned: pleased to see old patrons and 1
newcomers; ladles 25c; gentlemen 50c. K>7 I
Ninth st. .::•*.
A— MME. BERNARD reads year life correctly.
advice given on all affairs of life; satisfac- ,
tlcn guaranteed: 25c up. 17 3d. next Exam, j
MISS ZEMDAR. young gifted clalr. and palm. ; '
has second F'rht: a wonderful prophetess; •
names; I. 50c. g. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave. i
MME.RAVENNA. formerly 5 4th st.. reads life; ;
business advice; names-given: readings 50c I !
week. Offices S35 Howard, bet. 4th and 5th. |
Mrs.A.H. Kronenberg,palni!rt. clairvoyant, card
reader :when others fall try me; gocd readings
10c 721 Frsn_lln.nr.G.Q.ave. Tel.Larkln 4207.
MME. MARFEAU. curd reader; ladles, 2.%c: I
gents. 60^. Wednei«days only: Ladies. 10c; ]
gents. 25c. 120 Sixth st. Hours 10 to 9.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: la. 25c:
gents fiuc. 951 Mission st.. nr. 6th: open Sun.
OLDEST lady r-almtet and card reader In city.
26H Kearny, room 20; ladies, 25c; Rents, 50c.
MME. LOVONIA. clairvoyant, palmist— Read-
legs this week 25c. 4U8 Jessie St.. nr. Sixth.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and facts;
readings dally; not open Sunday. 917 Market.
SIRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 23ft Cth; 1. 25c, g. 50c
MRS. BAUMANN the well-known fortum-
teller. U now at 317 Ellis St. .
MRS. FHAFKR. clairvoyant, card reader: sit-
tings dally. 44SH Jecsle st.. bet. 6th and «th.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C90
Valencia e_ '
JiprJCATIOJiAU ~
AT borne In our new quarters, the largest, best
lighted and most delightful place 01 business
study tn the entire West. New. complete.
<xte_slv« departments. Thorough. Inspiring
Instruction. 75- page catalotrue on request.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. 901-
tCi Golden Cat* ave.
A thorough experienced teacher' will Uflce
private pupils. Particular attention given
to ladies and gentlemen who»e education
has been neglected; and to nervous and
backward pupils. Public school pupils re-
ceived. MISS FENTON. 9U3 Sutter st.
THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges:
ret. President Jordan or any Stanford profes-
sor: day and evening sessions. 1'helan bldg.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket st.; established 18 years: the school that
secures positions tor graduates; Just added 23
sew typewriters: catalogue free.
HKAL1TS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST, 8.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing,
language*, telegraphy, English branches; day
and night sessions: Illustrated catalogue free.
LEARN 6PANIEH In 2 months; classes tn
Frt-nrb and Spanish $5 a month.
B. F. ASIES. Teacher of Languages.
268 Golden Gate ave.. cor. Hyde st.
X LARGER and better school tban ever; enter
at once U" you desire a good position; Gregg
shorthand. Elll* bookkeeping. S. F. Business
Collere. 1236 Market st. --'.-. ¦- • ¦
ENGINEERING— Civil, elee. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide;, day. ev.: est. 1&G4. Vaa
_er Ksillen School. 118 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. . Thurs..' Eat. and Sun.:
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louis* Foster* •
School cf Dane— if, 1556 Marktt. or. Larklo.
NORTH German nurse and governess, middle
aged, like to take care of two children, from
3 to 6 years, and plain sewing; references.
Please address box 1547, Call office.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements: con-
finements or Invalids; cheerful, painstaking:
references: moderate terms. MRS. KING,
017 Geary st.
A'BESPECTABLE young woman wants clean-
ing and. sweeping to do; half day, 60 cents.
or by the hour, 25 cents. G. L., box 31W,
Call office.
WOMAN ohe.f for luncheons, dinners or recep-
tions; will also teach ladles and maid at
their residence; prices moderate: anywhere.
Box 1527. Call.
YOUNG woman with references wishes hou«e-
cleaninK by the day. $1 50 and car fate.
MRS. MAXWELL. 7C9 McAllister et.
A COMPETENT mid«ile-a_ed woman, plain
cook, light housework or would assist with
children or sewlnr. Call 211 Sixteenth st.
WANTED— By reliable girl, place to do cook-
Ing and general housework; wages $23. Ad-
dress box 3613. Call office. \
WOMAN wii»hes to do washlnc. ironing or
cleaning on Wednesday, Thursday and
Friday. 44S Sixth st.
EDUCATED, refined, respectable lady wishes
position as housekeeper In wldower'a family;
$25. $30. Box 3528, Call office.
YOUNG lady of good appearance wants work
in cannery as forelady: 5 years' experience. I
Address box 3015. Call. I
DRESSMAKING In families. ladles' and chll-
dren's clothes. $1 35 per day. 1237 Webster j
st.. near Ellis. j
RESPONSIBLE girl wishes a position o« j
nurse to children; beet of references. Box
30&0. Call office.
YOUNG Finland girl wishes position as cook
and general housework. Please call 255
Berry gt.
A WOMAN wants work by the day washing.
Ironing and house cleaning: tl 23 & day and
car fare. Box 154$. Call office.
MIDDLE ared woman wishes a situation in
t-mall family to do general housework. Ad-
dress MRS. B.. 2205 Vallejo st.
POSITION as laundress in family of 2; good
home only object. Box 3501, Call efflce, |
COMPETENT" wlman would" Tike fuTrcharge I
of rooming: house. Box 35CS, Call.
CALL at 608 Mason St., or phone Black 1333.
" First-class ladies' employment office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subecrlDtlons taken for The
Call at Eaton's Bstsar. 633 McAllister st.
EMPLO YMEXT WAXTED MALE.
A STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Desiring capable, experienced purser, or
having other clerical opening for reliable
man to prove competency, aboard ship or In
offiet, aJdress as below: strictly temperate;
Al references; uged 33; single. Box 15tiO.Call.
BY advertising man; not a novice; eight yeais' <
experience in East: good local references as ,
to character and ability: has been a newj-
par>er man for number of >ears in the ca- |
paclty of reporter and editor; Inventive and ¦
ingenuous; age 35; married, with family; {
will accept position for three . months at 1
nominal salary, results then to determine I
amount of wage. Address Advertiser, .
2215 Flllmore street.
A YOUNG man who Is thoroughly qualified and |
has had 4 years' experience would like to J
take position on large cattle ranch; can run 1
mower and do other work If necessary. Ad-
dress MR. GORHAMSON. Hitchcock Mili-
tary Academy. San Rafael, Cal. ,
AA — CASH security can be given by young
man. 27; experienced solicitor: four . years'
experience superintending • and organizing
selling and collecting staffs; excellent refer-
ences. Box 1114. Call office. Oakland. j
WANTED — Eastern married man .would like
position In general merchandise 'store In
country; 10 years' experience; can take
charge of business and bookkeeping; flrst-
clas* reftrences. Rox 4S, IOCS Market st.
WANTED — Work as sexton of any Catholic
church in the city: not afraid of work; by
Irish Catholic young man: references and
bond given. THOMAS SHERIDAN, box
WANTED — Country Job by reliable . black-
smith's helper. 150 Fourth street., room 38;
* call after 6 p. m.
YOUNO man (20 yearsspf a_e) desires a posi-
tion n* ptenos-rnpher:^,-^ references. 872
Chester st. Oakland. "
WANTED — By-younE men (?2 years of age)
position as stenographer; best of references.
f'72 Chester St., Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by a young man In cltv
or country: can do any kind of ranch work.
Address p37 Webster St.. Oakland. • '-
YOUNG man would like position that will take
him to the Et. Louis Exposition. Box 3500. j
Call office. . ¦: ¦•_
SITUATION wanted as cl»rk In candy store |
or hakery. Address. A. B.. Call branch, 039 \
. McAllister et. .- , ¦ - / --
GARDENER wishes permanent rosltion In
private family. Address H. J., Call branch,
2200 Fillmore st.
COOK, all around; meat and pastry; wants
position; sober and reliable. W. A. JONS,
Allendale P. O.. Cal.
NON-UNION carpenter. - all around man:
wants work; city or country: wages reason-,
able. Address Rox 1115, Call office. Oakland
COLLECTOR (employed) desires to change po-
sition: references and bond. Box 3tilS.-Call.
YOUNG man would like position as office boy.
Box 3562, Call s -
YOUXO man wants a position to drive wagon.
Box 3OC5J, Call. - '.-
YOUNG man wants position; chance to ad-
vance. Box 30B6. Call.
YOUNG man wants Job as porter. Box S0C7,
Call office.
WANTED — Work an Janitor. G. S. STEVEN-
SON. 1637 Kentucky st. -
MAN want* to help In carpenter shop. 364S
Nineteenth st. :
ERRAND boy wants position; $4 50 a week.
£45 Gear:' ¦ st. _______________
WANTED— Work as porter. Apply E. FARGO.
17 Third st. ..---'.'¦ --.-
JOB at postofflce. Box 30C4. Call office.
JOB In a bank. Box 30H3. Call office.
TYPEWRITER and stenographer desires wt,rk
evenings after 5 o'clock. Box 3059, Call.
BOY wants work around butcher . shop, j 421 j
Third" st. ;-• * •¦'-¦-
STABLEMAN wants position. 432 Third st.
WANTED — By boy of 16. Job in tin shop. Boy.
box 30til. Call office.
WRAPPER wants to work. 1S45 Geary st.
WANTED— Position as gardener. Box 3060,
Call office. .-¦
MAN 40 years old wants work of any kind; Is
good carpenter. Box 1229. Call. •
ENGINEER would like position on dredger.
Box 1_3_. Call.
CARPENTER wants work by the day; union
man. 4212 Nineteenth st.
FIRST-CLASS ptaten pressman desires situa-
tion. Address F. ROBINSO.«. 75« First ave.
YOUNG couple wants place In countrj" waiter
and waitress. Box 3033. Call. _^
WANTED — Position as window cleaner. Bex
3u55. Call office.
SHEET met-1 worker is desirous of getting ai
steady position. Box 1244. Call. ,
POSITION as gardener; country. t Box 3C57.
Call office.
BOY wants a position as an office boy. Box
1243. Call' office. - -
FIRST-CLASS canvasser wants position.' " Box
1241. Call office.
FIKST-CLASS canvasser wants position. Box
. 1238. Call nfflre. -.. -. '¦' J
WANTED— Position a s collector. Box 12J7. 1
Call office. ' - j
ELDERLY man wants position to carry pa- |
pcrs. Box 1236. Call. . -
GOOD porter and cook for saloon. Box 1228, 1
Call efflce. # .
COOK wants position, hotel or restaurant; city j
FINAXCIAL.
W ANTED — Uuyery for cold bonds paying 5 per
cent in July. anil January: secured by. trust
company. 1. J. TRUMAN. OOC Call bldg.
WILL pay .7 to 9 per cent for money, real es-
tate security. HOWK, Mutual Bank bldg.
FLATS TO LET. ~
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All derlrable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department: over 10CO
in number; a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we never fall; service free.
STERLING FURNITURE CO..
1039 MARKET ST..
OPPOSITE MCALLISTER.
A— HOUSES and flats to let: an !mm*ns* list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department: it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-259 Geary
*t., on the square.
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia— New flat. 5
rooms and bath; all modern Improvements:
$27 5(».
• Sixth, near Bryant — Two flats of 4 room*
each: $7 50 each. Apply to G. A. LEROUX.
29 New Montgomery st.
TO let— $27 5O per month; handsome new stm-'
ny corner flat. 5 rooms ami bath; corner
15th and Castro sts. : 2 blocks from Market:
water. Janitor and ashman paUl; open to-
day. RIVERS BROS.. 205 Montgomery st.
$32 50. $;{?, $37 50— NORTH of Belvedere. we.-.t
of Frederick: 3 sunny new flats. « rooms ana
bath; Junt completed; convenient tn park:
key on premises. SHAINWALp. BUCKBEU
& CO... 218-220 Montgomery «t.
ELEGANT new 9-room and social hall: sun
In every roo'« : grand unobstructed view of
city; ga* or coal grates. 93<» Pierce st.
A HANDSOME flat cf 5 large rooms and bath;
fine view with biz sunny yard. Inquire at
::011 Sacramento St.. Prsidlo' 1 Heichta.
NEW NE. cor. upp«r flat. 0 rooms, bath, rec«i»-
t!on hall: lat'st: marine view; rent reason-
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wants general
housework by week; references. Address
HURST, 2U« Mission St.
MIDDLE aged woman wish*?* light housework:
neat and willing; steady place | wanted.
Please address box 3093. Call.
A LADY wishes to take c_re of baby when
parents want to go out; reference If wanted.
Address 243 Tehama st.
YOUNG lady would like to learn dressmaking: ;
is a prood sewer; wages expected. Box 33C0
Cill office. __- .
A YOUNG lady wish's a situation to care
for child. Call or address 346 Fifth ave..
above Point Lobo*. ¦'¦ -
YOUNG lady to take charge of children or
house; 2 months or less; referenct*. 523
Potn-ro ave.
GERMAN lady wishes a few hounf dally em-
ployment to read to invalid. Address box
X. Ift41 Mission «t.
DRESSMAKER., perfect fitter and designer;
remodeling: engagements by the day; work
taken home. 55»» Stevenson st., near Seventh.
LADY would like a position to take care of'
children afternoons or evennigs. Room 20,
lion Mission st.
NEAT young Rlrl would like to do necond
work: wskm *2O; references. Address B. E ,
Call Branch. 220 Flllmore st.
YOUNG lady desires position as stenographer
and typewriter; salary moderate. Box 30.S0,
Call office. "
YOUNG Swedish clrl wishes a place, upstairs
work, private family of adults. "Call 1111
Sutter et.
EXPERIENCED bookkeepr r, with knowledge
of stenography, desires gocd position. Box
' 3C02. Call.
PLAIN sewing, taken at home, and curtains
washed. 24 Camp *t.,.bet. Sixteenth and Sev-
enteenth, below Guerrero.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants work by day;
housccleaninc. washing and Ironing. Call
U7M Harrison St.. off Third.
A FIRST-CLASS cook and housekeeper: Scan-
dinavian: private or hotel; $30, $40.' Box
S561.. Call, office. ¦¦ ¦
FIRST-CLASS young. German nurse taking
full charge of infants; wages $30, $.",5. 5UU
Leavenworth. ¦• 1 ,
A MIDDLE-AGED woman, first-class cook,
would like poeltlon' as housekeeper. ¦ Box
3502. Call office. . . \
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid, good references,
wants position; private family. Box 3070,
Call office - . ¦ . ¦ .--,¦-. ",
POSITION 'tn work In city; clean up In morn-
ing. Bos 3057. Call office.
A LADY, stranger In city.' wants position as
-housekeeper.' Box 3533. Call office. x-- ..
A . STRONG woman wishes house and window
cleaning: $1 50. . 151SA Howard st. . . -
WOMAN wants housework. .|» Third et.
I^B__M___-___l___________«^e_t__i^^__4___i
3075, Call office.
PRACTICAL hotel man wants the manage-
ment or assistant management of an hotel
or resort: city or country; wife good house-
keeper; best references: If satisfactory would
leacn or become Interested. Box 1500, Call.
ENERGETIC man Just from college, wants
position: have traveled for machinery house
and am salesman of good address: tvillin^-
to learn. Address box 1116, Call orflce, Oak-
land.
A— HOTEL clerk; 15' years' practical experi-
ence; Al bookkeeper; desires permanent em-
ployment; be«t of ¦ references; bonds given.
Box 3331. Call office. '
STABLEMAN j wishes position; Is a compe-
tent, honest and willing man; 10 years' ex-
perience in stable work: - city or country;
best of references. Uox 302!). Call. .
WANTED — Small set of books to keep at odd
hours. : either In San ¦ Francisco or Oakland,
by young man ; with ft years' expe.rlence;
very best references. Box 3030, Call. ¦ :
POSITION wanted by young German, wholesale
firm preferred; pood references; speaks Ger-
man and English well;' not afraid of work.
Address H. P.. 112SA Howard st.
EXPERIENCED young man wants employ-
ment as shipper or other .position, of trust
with minufacturlng or. wholesale house;. btst
.references. Address box 1524. Call of flee.
BAKER'S helper. . clean, sober. Industrious
young man,' : best reference*, experienced
hclptr and driver, wishes to ilnlsh trade: *25
to $30 and found. Box 1242. ¦ Call ofnee.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants a position as dniK
clerk; registered ; In Kansas and as assistant
in California;, g-ood. references; would accept
position lr. city or country. Box .3530, Call.
FRENCHMAN. Just over from the emerald
isle, would like position- In refined German
family; speaks Japanese; and. Russian fluent-
ly. Box 1240. Call. -. ";'-¦'-¦." . - - \, : :
COOKKEEfpER and general office man, 12
years' experience.: wishes position of any
kind, 'city . pr : country; ; Al references. ; Box
3023. Call office., '-.;-'.
YOUNO : man.v good - habits,-- wishes - position
In "boarding or- rooming; houre:L understand*
housework. - or • orderly in hospital. '.- Address
box 31. 100 11th : st.., Call, branch office.: .:
GARDENER. ' married,'^competent In all thi
"branches of * gardening 1 , . able to. take 'full
charre of place,- wants a. position. Address
Uox 3324. Call office. " .• .
YOUNG man with • considerable office , experi-
ence. . wnnts -.-'• corresivindenf<»." Mc-oiuntti or
• typewriting work- after ; office .' hours. -Box
.'¦ 3000., Call. :. : ' /: /¦•'-''-' ''•-'- : V ''•¦-. -¦ .; ; '. <- .
INDUSTRIOUS man deslren position at moder-
ate * salary;', food penman, -jyean.'
experience banks :and i office work -In mfs..
(,o.'i;: reference and; bond. Box-; 6701,. Call/:
BOOKKEEPER, several * years', experienced
wants situation; ' can \ give good ; references.
Box,.3C21. ¦ Call. . v: ¦¦¦'¦'-"- - __'-^_li__i____-
FOREMAN printer '.'deslrei'i country. : position.
Address Box 1121, Call office;. Oaklaofc
?B_mB_M__S^^f r '
BOY wants a position. Apply 23 Rltch st.
HOY want.t position as bellboy. Box 3623,
Call office. „.
YOl.'NG man' would like position In wholesale
notion "tore. Box 3073, Call. . .
TRAVELING salesman would Ilk* position In
wholesale lace house. Box 3072. Call.
COMPETP;NT engineer. 20 years' experience,
wants steady position. Box 3610. Call.
GOOD tailor out of work. 3030 Nineteenth st.
PAPERHANGER wants to work. ?2S Market
street. ; ¦'' ¦¦- '¦ '•''";*-" " '' '¦ "¦
PAPERHANGER wants work. 144 Fifth st.
SIGN "painter wants 'work. 1122B Harrison
street.:-. . ' .: _ .'-.-¦.'•"¦ .-''.' ' ¦ ' ¦'.¦¦-.¦ ¦
GOOD solicitor would like permanent employ-
ment. HENEDICT. 14 Joy St.. city.
MAN wants to work on farm. KI2 Elll* Bt.
MAN wants, situation as butler. .Box 3C06.
Call otflcc ~ ¦ -•-¦-- '¦ '•
WANTED — Work of any kind. CARL SMITH.
425 Fourth' st." ¦'¦-'" ¦-'¦¦¦
PORTER - want* - situation. Box 3016. ' Call.
WANTED— Work in livery stable. -"- E.' J.
NOBLE. 47 Geary st. . . - - - -¦¦ .. ;
A .YOUNG, rhan wantu ¦¦ position , as : shipping
clerk. V Box 3U17. Call.
WANTED — A position as elevator' boy. Box
¦ 3.V..V Call' of flee. '.-.- ¦--¦.-,..- ..'•'.-'
PIANIST (male) desires - engagements aftsr j 11
; p.>m. LEUMAS. ,747. Market st. . r '¦:¦.<¦: ¦¦'-'
MAN wants rosition as Janitor. T. G..: box
3004. Call office. ¦ ¦'• ¦''¦-.
MAN' wants Job as ; cook. 1105 Gough \ *t.* . .
POSITION ¦- &k- night : watchman. " Dox . 3002,
Call otflce;;. ¦•¦¦.. r .
'POSITION, as. bookkeeper.'. ".Box. 3fiO3, Call.
YOIJNO'man wants position of any kind. Box
»53<Vj Call 'Office; :•*¦*: -"¦.'-' •";';.•¦
JAPANESE young man .wants position of any
.kind after On., m. C* M.T- 723 Geary . st. * ;
GOOD solicitor wants permanent position.'" Ad-
'" dre3a R ' SMITH - box 3592. Call; - .- ¦: - : . .
YOUNG man* would like • a * situation : with , an
; automobile < firm. ; Box '35S3,-Call.: : - ; ¦ -.•..-
YOUNG man. wants a situation. with chance fur
; advancement."':.- Box. 358..- Call."; -¦¦ V
BRICKLAY-ER ¦ wants ¦ work :-T competent 4 man:
city or country. > Box 3.iS4..Call^ >j>; . -
YOUNG *. man - ; wishes i position * as *. a : . clerk -In
l;.wholei*ale ; house. :Box,3o9S.;Call.-;;. .-,:„¦
JOB fjiresg' feeder.' wantai steady p.isltlon." -'Ad-
¦'.,-, drtes A;* B^ C.V; VoZi , O'Karrell = st ¦:,- .
or 'country. 304 Kearny st. ,
YOUNO man would like a situation on a
ranch. Box 1230. Call. . '
WANTED— Position as. driver of milk route;
age 30 years; experience. Box S5S6, Call.
YOUNG man wishes a' position as porter and
packer In wholesale house. 103B Howard at.
WORK wanted by a man to do Janitor work.
. Address 723 Harrison st. . ' . "¦ •
WANTED — A Job as Janitor. Box 3575, Call
office. : - - ' ' ' '-.'-¦
STRONG" man wants work. Box 3574. • Call
office. ¦ '-.'-'¦¦•.- .;- : "¦•¦'-¦"¦ *
POSITION In an insurance office. Box 3573.
Call office. \ . -:;:.¦_ ..-¦
POSITION wanted as night porter. Box*35C4,
Call office. ¦ ¦ - ¦ ;" ''
YOUNG man would like position as elevator
boy. Box 3370. Call office.
MAN ¦• wants situation as porter: ' references.
Addrer* . box 30C3, Call.
STENOGRAPHER, understands bookkeeping;
. best references. Box 3C88, CalL
A FIRST-CLASS waiter, arm or tray. Apply
OtiP Mission st.. room. 18.
A YOUNG man wants place as plumber's
helper. Box 3015, Call.
BOY wants position as office boy. Box 3043,
Call. - .."¦¦- -.:.
YOUNG boy would • like a position 'as office
boy. • Box 3C41. Call office. ¦
CARPENTER wants .work by day or Job;clty
, or countrj". Address O. W.; 72 Norfolk st.
WANTED— A position "as" / shipping clerk.
CHAS.E. JOHNSON, S2S Market st.'
' BARTENDER,, extra man. open - for 4 last
S days In the week. Box. 3034. • Call , office. ;
WANTED — Situation as gardener; 10 years In
. last place. Address ! box 30S0/, Call office.
AN i experienced ' clerk ' would like ' a ' position
- in 'office; /references. Box 3032. Call office.
POSITION .wanted as barkeeper. ¦ Address box
3507. Call, office. : ; ' • t . . -• . .-
YOUNG, man- wants position- aa a < collector- In
: Insurance . office. ; Address box 33C8. Call. ; •
j YOUNG man wants position as teamster. . Box
I . 3tiC0. ; Call, office. . . ;.;. -...- , \
YOUNG - man wants position : as press feeder.
- Box o607. Call office. /' •'"¦ .
ERRAND boy r with ; references wants - position
- In candy: store. -Box 3608, Call office. -¦ .
WANTED-- A ¦ position v ; as ¦ porter. ¦ "Apply 36
..; Geary st. .a room 7. • . - -¦ : -^7
BEEMANand chicken man wants a position.
- Box 1 3037. ! Call office. ;- ;; y- . .,.-¦
MAN /.wants 'to work on farm.' •1228* Golden
:_•-.- : - ¦-..- ¦ . ¦ .. /._.,_ .
*A\ STEADY, '; sober '} young .' nun • wants j 'a 'po-
¦ sltion as bartenrter; country : preferred; - ref-
f ..>ieTences.". e Box J.1240.J Call 'office, ,v.n - *
able. 23>S Filbert st. . •• ¦; .
ELEGANT modern middle flat. 1«23 Sutter'
St.. near Octavia. & rooms and bath; rent
reasonable.' , - ; . - . .•
' SUNNY 5-room • flat; nicely furnished: ¦ on*
I block from park; for summer months; $37 H>. .
13C2 Pare st. . '¦-¦ i.
WALLER, 1655. bet. Cole and Shrader—
Elegant new sunny upper flat: 0 rooms and 2
attic with bath. '
$32 r>0 — Finest 6-room flat In the Mission; sun
all day: all modern. b~l Valencia st.. near
Twentieth st - ' .
447 COI.E «t.. near Golden Gate. Park — New
fiat, 8 sunny rooms, bath and basement;
natural wood finish. $40.
JA 7- ROOM lower flat. Just finished; modern
j improvements. 2732 Mission st.. near 23d.
BAKER, 733 — Fine modern middle flat of ft
• rooms, bath; very sunny; open plumbing.-
! BEAUTIFUL new upper flats' In Sunset: 8-5"
I rooms; *25, $27 50. 1452-1453 Eighth ave. '
" BROADWAY. 1263. nr. Hyde— Neat bay- win.
I flat, 4 la-gi rmr.. reduced to $15; 3 rm8...$ll.-
j CHURCH. ne»r Fifteenth, one block south of
Market — 3 new flats, C rooms; see them to-day.
CUMBERLAND, 334, near 20th and Churcli-*
$20; 5 rooms, bath, etc.
DrLIGHTFUL flat. Bunny, modern: basement
yard, flowers. - 2o9 Carl. nr. Stanyan. at parX
DORLAND. 172. nr. Mission High School — New
upper sunny ; flat, K rooms, attic: $27 50. /
J 1030 ELLIS, near Devlsadero; modern A-room
I- flat. - - • . _•_
! FINE sunny flats of 4 rooms each. 114 Welsh
st.. near Fourth. • Rent ¦ cheap. • '•
CARL. 212. near Stanyan. 1 block from park —
0 rooms,' bath; rent {25.
HAYES, 057 — i nns.. bath: cor.; marine view;
- swell; water, garbage, hall, light;; see to-day. .
i LARGEST .'list of houses and flats to ' let. • Call
j on LYON & HOAG, 110 Montgomery st.
! MODERN flat. 5 r. & b.. yard," basement: laah-
j tonablfc: waur tree; rent $27 50. Z3QH Clay.
MODERN Minny upper flat, bath.- . basement.-
4182 ' Seventeenth' St.." near . Castro-st. cars."
NEW flat cf 7 rooms and bath to let; rent
?32 50. 11 15; Devlsadero.; near 'Turk st.
Jy EW flat ; ' « rooms i and bath : swell ' residence
district: price reasonable.- t241 . San -Jose-avc.
NEW sur.ny flats: 4 and! 5 rocms:, yard;. rent '
reasonable. :• 3371 25th St.. near Mission.
OAK. 332. near. Lasuna— : Lower flat. 5 room?,
bath und basement. .: ... -..;-". - -. *
PINE. '2813— Flat. to let; G rooms and bath; all
¦ modern;; adults only. .
PLEASANT. 24, ; near Sacramento, above Tay- "
lor— Modern sunny flat. 5 rooms.' 2 ;nwnte_3.
-^S)«s%»«eKSSMHSJ«siSE&i!iS_a9SSl!_qtet-S-_a9THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL- SUNDAY, APRIL 10, 1904:
46
F_»T* TO r.ET- -r«n»l?nnMl.
t C""- ; ' _„
I"Ot'T. C71— FLAT. C rooms, larce yard; ?30.
HITCH. 240-242— Two flats of 4 rooms each;
txnta $11 CO. '
TVTuV. It IS — Sunny low«r fiat; three rooms,
w'.nu'cuvs ail around: ?i2 month; yard.
fPPI'R runny flat; 0 rooms and bath: modern;
irnt reasonable. 2000 Golden Gate ave.
UPPER flat of 5 rooms and bath. 3446 Twen-
tieth st. near Capg.
UPPER flat of 3 roemi; rent cheap. 13 Welsh
rt.. near FlBMTtll
WALLER, 1303. near Masonic ave. — Lower
fiat to let. 5 rconis, modern; ?27 50.
WALLER. ~1C2S— Flats of C sunny rooms; very
desirable: modern.
6 ROOMS bath: modern improvements; rent
¥23. 21422 Twenty-third st.. near Harrison.
KI.ATS TO LET — KCltMSHED^
PINE 710. near Powell— $125 month; e!e-
rantly furnished house of 7 rooms, and °* t 'jv:
all modern conveniences. VON KH.t-l.>
KcsJ Estate Co.. 513 California st
CAPP"~C14 — Flat of 6 sunny rooms complete;
p_no. cb.s ranee; can have tenant for one
room; adults. Call from 11 to 4.
NEW sunny urarr flat; R 1 ** 1 v " >^: 5 rooms
and bath"; references; K35. 107 A Tremont
ave., off FreJeiick st.
CASTRO, 655— Sunny furnished flat; 5 rooms;
piano. Ca.ll from 9 to 2.
tfnVISADErToTMM^KleBantly furnished flat,
of 5 rooms and bath, piano, etc: phone ot'-il.
FOR 4 month*, completely furnished, 7 rooms;
reasonaLlr: adults; references. 3.i-J day st.
PI'RNITURE of a 4-room flat at & bargain;
A SMITH CO.. 12S-132 Ellis.
MASON — Elegant U-room flat; sun. electric
lights." bath, phone; reasonable.
NEW furnished flat near park: 4 rooms and
Uth: p;ano; low rent. HARRIS. 3iC Market.
OTARRELL. l. r »20— Furn. or unfurn. 4-r. par-
lor flat: also 3 newly furn. rooms: reasonable
SUNNY furnished flat. 7 rooms, bath; reason-
able; call 1O-3. 1938 Eddy; phone Gear?- W3.
BUNNY furr.I#hed modem 5-room flat, near
Golden Gate Tark. 75C Clayton st.
WASHINGTON. 2S33— Beautifully furnished
•unny flat. 7 rooms: piano; garden. |
FLATS KOIl SALE FIRMSHUD.
NEW carpets 'end furnishings of 7-room flat for ,
sale at rrca* bargain; flat rents, for $37 50
per month; lease indefinite. Inquire at ..0
Ccle Et •
J0OO WILL, liuy new furniture of a modern !
5-room sunny fiat and bath, everything com- .
plete for housekeeping. 3270 Twentieth St.. j
near Folsom. .
LOVELY new flat; sun in every room: furn. al-
most new; chesa rent: ?2S5. Call 10 to 3. \
242 Noe ft., near Market. I
~ FLATS FOR_SALE. j
NEWLY furnished sunny flat. C rooms and ,
beth. only $4G0; rent ?35; must sell at ence.
15C3 California st. j
FIK.MTIRE FOR SALE. I
ANDERSON Auction Howe. 1» Turk: Just off
of Market — Bedsteads, irom $1 up; iron bed*.
$2; bureaus from $4 up; bedroom sets, from
$s up: bed lounges. $4; couches. $3; double-
pointed carpet tack?. 2"^c a paper; wire
picture cord. 6c; ;x>le trimmings of all de-
scriptions; lace curtains, from 25c up.
AUCTION SALES
Solicited anywhere and at any time. A. H. ¦
ANDERSON the auctioneer: phone South
K>s. ' i
CHEAPEST place to buy furniture, stores aad ,
household goods of every description; flats
bought. Mission Auc.House.423-439 Valencia, i
FOR sale — PiaJio and furniture at 33 Scott st.
FiaXlTIKE WASTED. j
TII'I I' \V * "» ¦—••"•» — *--t--"»t * • f « on. -
AN ox peri r need hand on coats; must be flrst
class. J. SONDAG & SON. 453 Kearny st
YOUNG lady Ethnographer; experienced. Ad-
Cress box 3300. Call. ¦
WANTED— A young girl as nursegirl; good
place; wages $io. i*suo Waller et
<;OOD hand for dressmaking; Ellis appren-
tices. 1327 Market st
GI11L to assist in light housework. Apply Mon-
•day. 1116 Fell ft.
WANTED— First-class finisher on custom
rants. t£2 Clay st.. room ISA. .
TRIMMERS en Panama and felt hats. WIG-
GINS & CO.. 1222 -Howard ft
WANTED — Cook; 3 in family; no washing. 719
tiroen-st
FmST-CLASS pants finisher wanted. 981
Union st.
MANGLE girls et St. Nicholas Hotel laundry,
Ninth and Market ste.
WHOLESALE house desires services of mature
woman; no office work. Box 1326. Call of flee. ;
WANTED — Dressmaking waist hand helpers
and two apprentices. 1C03 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS millinery saleslady, trimmer and
maker wanted. T2 Geary Ft.
WANTED— Position as Etenographer. Box 52.
1008 Market et
WAITRESSES — At good wages; only experi-
enced ones need apply. LOWENTHAL.-7
Ninth st.
WANTED — Experienced salcFlady for skirts
anl waists; references required. Address S.
K. &. CO., box 3070. Call office.
EXPERIENCED skirt trimmers and helpers;
also waist trimmers. COX. 1514 Pine st
AN apprentice to learn pants finishing; good
opportunity to risht party. 12A Moss st
CALL tit 50S Mason st, or phone Black 1533.
First-class ladies' employment office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
.Call branch office, cor. Duncan _ Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisement? and subscriptions has been
opened at 100S Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p m.
nr.i.r wivr'-'n — m « v»-_roi.tiiin»<. ;
OPEN TO-DAY. ,
SUNDAY, 8 TO 12 A. M.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-03C Clay st.
Phone Main 5848. - ;
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. |
.-We Speak ¦ 0
Italian. German, .Spanish,
Greek, French. - • Swiss.
• In 1903 we gave During 1904 we hope
work to UO.uOO men. To Increase OO.Ouo.
Free fare ¦ Free f are
* To Nevada State.
• If you Etay four months. That's all.
Government work.
135 teamsters, $2 day.
155 laborers. $2 day.
155 rockmen. drillers. $2 to $3 day.
Eight hours day — Irrigation work.
$1 fee— That's all. ,: :^
; To the Mines.' ;
C5 machine, single and double hand, SS2 60
to $90.
AH Over California.
Arizona — Close to Prescott.
910 miles— $9 10. .
C55 teamsters, laborers, drillers, etc., $2 to ,
$3 day. i
Don't be stingy with your distance; get
closer to the laud of sunshine; center of great
mines. • !
Arizona, Arizona, Arizona, j
Mechanical.
Planer and sticker hand. Oregon, $3 50 day. I
Tallyman, lumber company, boss here, $00. j
MILKERS. . • ' ¦
26 milkers, all parts of California, $30, ?35,
(40 and found.
4 butter makers, $40 >nd found. i
12 farm and ranch hands, $25. $26, $30 found, j
WOODCHOPPEHS. !
125 woodchoppers. all over the State.
Postmakers shakercakers, etc.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
12 cooks, different places, $30 to $75 found.
Waiters, dishwashers, bell and elevator boyi .
YOUR FARE PAID.
Milker. Round Valley $30 and found.
Butter and cheese maker. Round Valley, $35. •
Cement finisher, little experience, $2 50 day. I
GARDENERS." ,•-=•¦'
Vegetable gardener for ranch, boss here, $30 f
and found.
Gardener, flowers, etc., 40c fare, $30 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-036 Clay st.
SIX vineyard' hands, fare $1; $26 and found.
Foreman, $90.
2 foremen for Nevada — Government work.
Dishwasher, lumber district. $25 and found.
15ov lp>rn HiaMremlth «-tHu <T *v_b-
RFr,P, ; W«\TKn— MttiF,- — Con. - |
BARBERS — The neatest, best paying 3-chalr
shop north of . Market -.st; low • rent. D.
STOLTZ, 723 Market st. !
WE want one competent sewing machine man.
Call at 1S41 Fillmore st. Friday, Saturday
or Sunday morning before 10 o'clock. - ¦
THREE-chair. barber shop; cheap; good loca-
tion; must sell; have other business. 211 Cth.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know J
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House . proprietor, has I
. added 100 new rooms' to the Denver House. }
217 Third st: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night. J
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and j
. $1 50 pair; foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay ,
express or mall charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid, j
BARBER shon for sale. Hopkins - et., two '
doors from P. p., upper Frultvale. • I
GENT to solicit printing and advertising. Ap- I
ply fi!9 Filbert -t. .. |
WANTED — Two young men to finish or learn j
the barber trade free of charge. 627 Clay st.
THREE-CHAIR barber shop for sale on a<>
count of sickness; must be sold. 245 East st
MAN to do Janitor work for tuition in S. F.
Barber School. 741 Howard et. ¦
YOUNG men. salvors. - blacksmiths, carpenters,
green hands, for ships. Herman's. 27Steuart.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullis. r. 40. Phelan bldg.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 7C0 rooms; . 35c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from fer,ry.
ADVERTISEMENTS eubscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts. '
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception j
of advertisements and subscriptions has been *•
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until. 11 p. m.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 863. Mission st.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
HBEPWAKTEP— SOLICITORS.
WE want two good solicitors to sell the "Pyro-
clde' fire extinguisher in Alameda County;
uone but hustlers need apply, and to these we
will guarantee a good salary.- Central Real
Estate Company, 2149 Center st, Berkeley.
. LOST- -AND F\ |!\D— Continued.
STRAYED or stolen— Horse v>d buggy I from
Geary and Kearny sts.. Friday noon; bay
horse, white left foot Reward If returned
to 1S50 Green st.' ¦/'." . : ¦¦
LOST— Black feather boa Friday afternoon,
Haight-Et. car.: at Junction Halght and Mar-
_ket 022 Halght , st ; ¦ reward. ¦ ->—
HOST— A young Scotch collie, license 1012 on
collar. Return to SE.' corner. Page and Bu-.
chahan ets. ; liberal reward. - - -' ¦
LOST — Lady's gold watch with black ribbon
fob; picture in case. Return to NOLAN'S
shoe store, Phelan building. ¦ .
DIAMOND and ruby brooch, Market and Eddy
sts.; . rift of mother: handsome - reward.
MISS URE. 218 Eddy st.
LOST— Commutation ticket signed M. Shana-
han.- Please leave at ticket office, Fourteenth
street . deDot, Oakland. • -^ ¦_ '. ' .' '
LOST— Near corner of Larkin and McAllister,
a diamond snake -ring, ruby eyes ;; reward.
424 Lyon st. ; .
LOST— Diamond ring, 2 female figures clasp-
ing diamond; reward ?20. ,397 Bush, r. 802.
LOST — Pair nose glasses.. Return to 411B
Lyon st. ; reward. ¦ r - - . ::
LOST— Pair of Mayerle'a. glasses. Return 112
Natoma st. near Second. • • '
LOST— About 'February 12, certificates of
stock, Nos. 11-48, In Merchants' Transporta-
tion Co. 3Q6 Davis st -. : . ¦
LOST — Great Dane; light brindle; reward for
return or information. 34S Tenth st.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernla Sav-
¦ ings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of John Johnson; No. 223-57C;
finder will please return to bank.
MATRIMONIAL. •• Jj
WELL educated 'gentleman, well connected so-
cially and financially, age 25, would like to
meet a lady socially inclined; object matri-
mony; as by being married I will soon be i
heir to a largo estate. Address box 4120, j
Call-office. - - - -'- . . |
GENTLEMAN has a home In northern part of i
State, where he la engaged at present; also
has a house In San Francisco, would like to ;
correspond with a true lady; object matri-
[ MISCELLANEOUS— FOR - SALE — Con. I
.ALTERATION sale— Best' «2 50 hats, *1 W>. |
Popular Price Hatter. J30 Kearny rt..' near
• . Pine; open to 9p. m. : Sundays to nocn.
'fTRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair:
foot-form shoes at $2 50: we - pay expre«
: charges. 11.3d St. Exam. bid. : catalog free.
MUST be- so!d • at once, reasonable, a Solar
¦ electric light apparatus and a dry hot air
body apparatus. , Box 3516, Call. -. . I
GLENMORE Pigeon Loft, Fourth st. and Jones ]
ave., Elmhurst — Largest runts; best hen ;
pigeons. J
! OUR egg separator is Just as handy as handy
can be; price 10c by mail. Pacific Supply
Co.,. Dept. 1. Frultvale, Cal.; agents wanted.
: CABIN hunting launch. C horsepower; new en-
'• sine. Address room 7, 531 California st.
5500 FEET C-inch pipe; good condition; gate
'valves and fittings. 27C5 Howard st.
FANCY pljreona; new Imported varieties; send
--for. list. •¦ C. WILSON, ,22"J Stevenson st
! A NO. 1 private, fresh Holsteln cow and calf |
for sale. Apply J333 Vermont st, near 24th.
I PARKER shotgun for sale cheap. 1C5O Pa-
cific st. . :
i FOR SALE^ — Jersey heifer; will calve soon.
200 Ninth st.
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT & AWNING Co.. 35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush S58
BOOKS bought: libraries purchased. Kins'*
Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister st.
STEEL lined safe, 1800 pounds: 5125. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1S16 Market st.
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. 803 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought sold, exchanged,
repaired. Sykes-Corson Co., 254 Beale st
SAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand I. FREEMAX. 1329 Market rt.
SOME good second-hand gasoline engines, 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B. Beck & Co.. 122 Mket.
SLOT machines cheap; Chicagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI, 933 Market
' SAFES — New and second-hand. THE HER-
j MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
I ,...,..._ ; — r ; TT"
MUSICAL , INSTRUMENTS Con. -
i NtlW upright pianos tuui'on'fi monthly . pay-
ment 3 SCHMITZ & CO.. 1« McAIIhaer at
3-PEDAL Steinway up. ;Chickerl3S baby grand;
Shoninger. little used. KeefTe's. 2S5 O'Farrell.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzey pianos. Cecilian piano
' player. BVTtOX M-/:7.T ::fN-ni2 Pn»t st.
OFFICER AND STORES TO LET.
CHEAP store 13xC0 feet $12 50. or will !st
a part of It. Apply on the premises. 1314
Park st. Alameda.
] PAL-«iJ£TJlV.
REV.D on pace 34. cf the wonderful prophecy
by ISMAR — another proof of her marvelous
powers ca a sscrcss.
H. JEROME FOSEULI. scientific palm!r». " 13
Taylor st; near Geary. Phone Black
MME. NEERGARD, located at 212 Post; hours
1 to 5 dally. Phone James 1. Classes.
PAPEItHANGING. PAIXTTNO^^HTC^
ROOMS papered. $4 up; tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. 31» Third: tel.Maln41Ul
Fhysicians and surgeons.
DR~C C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
102H4 Market st. bet. Cth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor:
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four' years at 115-117 Mason; now "lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
DR. TONG PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po>
Tai herb doctor cures all diseases of human
by use of herbs 'and teas. 727 Washington st.
WONG WOO the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st
PERSONALS.
"NEXT OF KIN"— "BLAKE." " -: m ; ~-
To THOMAS BLAKE. - formerly of Glenlo*
Abbey Galway Ireland, born about 1821.
son of Thomas Blake of the same place, and
/Sarah Blake (nee Balfe). who left Ireland
V about the year 1SS0 for Australia, or to his
HELP WANTED — MALU.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
14 Third St.: phone Bush 405.
NEVADA.
GOVERNMENT WORK; 8 HOURS.
Teamsters, laborers and drillers, $2 to $2 50
a day; shii> daily, fare refunded; 2 years'
work.
Wood turner; boss here. $3 50 a day.
5 ranch hands. Sonoma County.$26 and found
4 carpenters. 8 hours: S3 5O a day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 14 Third st
OPEN SUNDAY 10 to 12.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
95 Third st. Telephone Main 0521.
irub-foreman for track-laying gang, near
city. $05.
Nevada Nevada.
TeajriKters $2 2-"»
laborers $2 O0
Fare refunded if you work 40 days.
HORD & SMITH.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton st— Hothouse
gardener. ?35 and found; butler, country. $40
to $50: young man to help in first class bar.
525 and board, increase; valet for club, $40;
elevator boy, fl5; attendant for institution,
?25. etc
A CLERK for male department, this office:
call Monday.
C. R. HANSON & CO 429 Bush st
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montjrom ery et.
room 12. Second cook for resort, $65.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery st. r. 12.
Vegetable man, $30. Office open Sunday, 9-11.
WANTED — Reliable. Intelligent people looking
for positions in New York City and elsewhere
are always in demand. They occupy best po-
sitions everywhere. Register at once with
U3. We guarantee to send choice list of
over 1000 positions Registration fee ?1.
THE INTERNATIONAL COMMERCIAL
NURSES. i
3 nurses, new institution, boss here, $35 fd. |
2 machinists, country Jobs, $2 50 and $3 23 i
dRy.
GARDENERS— PRIVATE.
4 gardeners, country, bosses here; $30 found
GOLD QUARTZ MINE.
Machine miner. $90.
First timberman, $82 CO; 2d timberman. $75.
-5 ranch teamsters, fare $1; $32 CO and found.
Machine driller.
Gardener, fare 25c: boss at our office; $30 fd.
German second cook, $40 and found.
Blacksmith, machine shop, $2 50 day.
Married farmer, 4Oc fare; $45 and house.
8 boys for steel and iron works, city. $5 week.
Gardener, private family, fare 70c: $30 found.
Gardener, ranch; extra good Job; $30 and fd.
4 machine miners, northeast $3 day.
15 plow teamsters. $26, $30, $35 and found.
Laundry helper, institution. $30 found.
Wardman. hospital work. $30 found.
Plumber, rough work, country. '
MARRIED.
Farmer and wife, fare $1 25. easy Job, $50 fd.
Gang foreman.. Nevada. $fB found.
5 teamsters, citv Job, $2 day.
Milker and wife, fare 60c. $42 50 found.
12 WAITERS.
For different city & country hotels,$30,$35 fd.
Walter, fare paid. Eureka, $S 75 week.
2 cooks, few men on ranches.
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
GREAT MINES ! (*OOD MINES !
15 LABORERS.
No experience required; you'll suit; $67 SO to
MURRAY _ READY. G34 and 636 Clay st.
TO EVERY EMPLOYER OF
WHITE MALE HELP— We can supply you
with white male help of all kinds.
Free of onarge. j
No syndicate too large, no firm too small
for us to supply; no objection to distance; we
ship good help; phone, telegraph, write or
call in person and procure your help from
MURRAY & READY.
We gave employment *
In 1897 to upward of 1..000 men.
WANTED— An enterprising and educated _ale«- I
man and collector for position of trust and !
responsibility to represent local company in i
city and State; references. Box 3611. Call.
WANTED — Twenty first-class solicitors; peo-
ple capable of earning $200 per month only.
Apply 39 and 40 Macdonough Bldg.. Oakland.
AND WAGONsT
FOR sale — Very handsome pair well-matched
family carriage ' horses; sound and gentle:
fine silver-mounted horness: 4 or 6 passenger
brake; call at car barn, Emeryville. J. O.
DONNELL.
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday at
11 a. m.. 327 Sixth st: every horse must be
as represented or money refunded. T OHN J.
DOYLE. Auctioneer.
WANTED— To~hlre 16 to 20 head of work
horses. Apply S. F. Construction Co., 20
\ Montgomery st.
FOUR fine 'surreys, one pony buggy, , carts,
wagons and business buggies for sale, cheap.
1504-8 Folsom st
SECOND-HAND open backs, waconettes, 3-
seaters and business buggies. CORVILL
MANUFACTURING CO., 48 Eighth st
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
session begins June 6. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY. 610 Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round: near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Address Nucleus. 190 Stevenson, S.F.
FOR sale — A fine express wasron suitable for
lumber or furniture. 408 Vicksbursr st, bet.
24th and 25th, Church and Sanchez.
ALL kinds of business buggies, rubber-tire rod
buggies, carts, surreys and wagons for sale
cheap. 1504-S Folsom St.
BLACK horse for sale; 5 years old; weight
about 1100 lbs; gentle and a fine traveler.
Box 3533, Call office.
WAXTED — A Bound tpntl<> horse: one that
mony. Box 3109, Call office. ? .
AMERICAN gentleman. 34. honorable and well j
educated, machinist by trade and employed
all the time, have some money in bank, and
wish the acquaintance of a lady; object mat-
rimony. Box 4220. Call office..
GENTLEMAN,' 36. neat and refined, has a
good home, wishes j to meet a lady about
tame age; a good housekeeper and with some
means; object matrimony. Address box 3G0O,
Call office.
YOUNG man with steady • position at a good
salary wishes the acquaintance of a young
lady, matrimonially Inclined, who would
make a kind and loving wife. Box 33S7, Call.
REFINED lady would like to meet a business
or • professional man who would like a con- I
genial companion and a good home: object '
matrimony; no triflers. Box 3097, Call office. ]
MIDDLE-AGED lady, refined, would like to
make the acquaintance of a refined gentle-
man, sober and honest, with some means; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 3501, Call office.
YOUNG man. respectable, good appearance,
with a good position, desires the acquaint-
ance of a neat-appearing young lady; ob-
ject matrimony. Box 3599, Call office.
GENTLEMAN. 32. in business here in fcity
and is desirous of a life partner, wlshra to
correspond with a lady matrimonially in-
clined. Box 3112. Call office.
GENTLEMAN. 27. have a nice home in coun-
try town to offer a young, affectionate lady;
object matrimony. 1 Box 4082. Call office.
FOR sound business 'proposition — Middle-aged
lady with some means wanted. Box 1544,
Call office. ' -
SIACHINERY — Bought, Sold and Ex.
WANTED — Back-geared^ hollow spindle foot
lathe. Address box 1113. Call office, Oakland.
MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, sure and quick relief
movisu pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rentai;
- bargains. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
& CO.. 122 Market st. . - "¦
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all glzes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
make* ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
CALIFORNIA Hoosewrecker Co. pays the
highest. r-rlCH for buildings and will remove
the largest* building in 10 days.' Office and
yard N. W. cor. Miaaion and Tenth sts.
WANTED — National cash register; must reg-
ister high as $5. Box 3351, Call.
WANTED — Second-hand baby buggy. Box
3038, Call office. '• ."<>.,
WANTED — Second-hand iron punch machine.
Box 3571. Call office.
WANTED — Second-hand lathe, foot power.
Apply or add. W. S. SMITH. 363 Mississippi.
I PAY highest prices for all kinds lif cast-off
clothing; sen d postal. MORRIS, 943 Folsom.
SHOES wanted; misfit & castoff: highest prcs.;
new _ 2d band shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Jessie 2851.
mosey to loan. z
aXi^5ie1^Xn'murph : yT~~ -~~~~
601-602-603 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly. I
Estates, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property in trust,
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased. •
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $1,000,000.
s REAL ESTATE LOAN.S.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT.
i children. • If the above would communicate
' with MESSRS. THOMAS F. O'CONNELL &
SON Solicitors 28 Bachelor's Walk. Dublin.
Ireland, or T." E. K. CORMAC. Counselor
at law 119 Bush st. San Francisco, CaL, he,
or they, will hear of something to their ad-
vantage. '
A— LADIES, remarkable discovery! East In-
dian herb which develops the bust or ( no pay:
positively guaranteed; we also positively
guarantee to remove wrinkles, freckles,
moles, cuperfluous hair; corns, warts and
bunions; stow hair on bald heads: restore
hair to Its natural color or no pay: free treat-
ment this week. EAST INDIAN CHEMICAL.
CO.. 2T5O Kearny st. S. F.; 2 to 5, 7 to 8p.a
THE HERMANN SANITARIUM. ;
Insomnia, mental and nervous diseases cured:
liquor and drug habits: massage: medicated
baths; country place Lake co. ; terms to phy-
alcians; call or write. 1375 Waller, bet Ma-
aonlc ave. and Ash bury st; tel. Fell S37«
A fresh, smooth and young looking face, , .
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forgfiet the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
The number. 781 O'Farrell st. near Larkin.
Call or write for book, free,
"Hints on Beauty."
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
contracts with leading houses to talc* all
their short ends, called remnants. We make
you a fine suit on Installments cheaper than
others. do for cash. LEON LEMOS. merchant
tailor. 1127 Market st. bet 7th and 8th.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling.cures dandruff
and itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk
A— MICROTINE. a positive cure for catarrh,
cold in the head, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial' affection.; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 9t_
GENTLEMAN _ (40) desires acquaintance of
educated lady of good form under 30; object
matrimony; give age, height weight* etc.;
money not required. Box 1117. Call. Oakland.
ELDERLY man. in business In this citv.
salesroom, li^o _ar>cei ex. _ei. j— *ie «wi.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
niture, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WANTED— A box couch; not over 5 feet lorg
and 2 feet wide; rtate price asked. Bux
2759. Call of hot.
C11AS LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 4C7.
A. L. STOURS pays highest cash prices furni-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkin 3631. 634 Ellis.
A WOLLPERT 773 Mission, phone Red 44C2.
buys, rents, repairs, pacts furniture, carpets.
B. T. SCHELL. 2412~Mi*sion; tel. Church 5570.
pays bert prices for furniture, carpets, etc
HIGHEST prices for furniture and tndse. L. H.
BCRD. »uctior!fcr.lS18 Mkt. :tel. Howard 2738.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
COOK fcr children, no bread ?25
Cook, small delicatessen $W
Cook email restaurant $25
Pastry cook and make up trays S.'W
3 cook?, little washing $3u
Cook no washing $;{j
Parlor maid. Ross Valley $30
5 second girls, city and country $25
Visiting maid and seamstress $25
5 hotel waitresses, city $20-$'~5
Laundress for Institution $-'50
4 chambermaid* wait one meal.. . .$20-$25
2 nuiTCKi.-ls. city $S0-$15
Also wanted Monday. 100 girls for house-
work rlty and country $20. $i5 $30. Ap-
ply to J. F/ CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter Et.
A GIRL for housework. 2 in family, for Chey-
enne Wyo waitw $30; fare paid; «*ee party
here." J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter st.
WANTED— First-class cook, Oakland. (33;
rood second girl. $30; nurse for child. $W;
cook and plain wash, $.10; cook. San Jose,
$35; cook and small »-a*h. $30. San Rafael;
2 second pirls, £25 Nsnd $20; 10 hounework
tfrlB $20. $25. $:«>. MISS PLUNKETT, 423
Sutter st. near Powell.
AT SOS Mason — Mrs. Walser; phone Black 1533.
Woman, cook, housework. 2 in fam. .$25-$;>U
Cook, family of R persons $„
Nunvglrl for twins $_O
Woman as cook and housework $25
A— WANTED— Girls to learn halrdresslng.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to Z
tn 2 weeks: $5 to these entering now; 3 po-
sitions to ffil immediately: positions guaran-
teed at $10 per week up: leading school la
West. 2S3 Geary St.. room 13. ¦
A — Girls to learn millinery now for spring sea-
son; both seasons taught from start to finish
tn 1 month for $15; positions as trimmers,
salesladies, etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up;
day and evening class. 148 Stockton st. r. IS.
A — LADIES to learn all branches batrdresslng
trade, manicuring, maevafre. etc. 1236 Mar-
ket Ft. cor. Jones, room 94; positions secured
at highest wages: day and eve class; call
AGENCY. 50 New «t. New York.
PATENT article; principal feature great ad-
vertising medium: will exchange 50,000. with
right to California for unimproved land: this
is a snap: owner going to Europe P O.
box 162. Oakland.
FOR intelligent, popular salesman and lady
eplendid opening; to sell our diamond con-
tracts to the rignt parties; city and country;
a good salary guaranteed. Ai M. Z., box
302S. Call office.
FOR SALE — Cheap. 3-chalr barber shop: 2
baths, laundry office and cigar etand; opp.
S. P. depot; good location; 1 door from P. O. ;
selling on account £icknes». Address P. O.
box 241. Reno. Nev.
WANTED — An experienced to-day successful
life Insurance producer and agency organ-
izer by an old-established life insurance co. ;
guaranteed Ealary and com. Box 3033. Call.
TRUSTWORTHY person, each county, to man-
age local business for wholesale house; $20
•meekly; expense advanced; permanent; no
experience. Manager, Como Block, Chicago.
WANTED — Energetic man acquainted in Oak-
land; experienced In banking and securities
preferred. Addrese box 1118, Call office.
Oakland.
WANTED — Experienced high grade • traveling
salesman only, for California; staple line.
Drawer S.. Chicago.
WANTED — Bright young man for office; must
b» good at figures; age 17- IS years.- Apply
Monday, bet. 12 and 1, C. W. M.. 5S 1st st.
WASTED — HuFtlers to tack signs distribute
circulars, samples, etc.; no canvassing; good
pay. Sun Adv. Bureau. Chicago.
HIGH-GRADE specialty salesmen wanted, not
under :)5; reliable, energetic men. whom pros-
perity will not s;)QiL M.. box 574, Chicago.
WANTED— Men: good pay; to distribute cir-
calarn, adv. matter, tack signs, etc.; no
canvassing. National Adv. Bureau, Chicago.
YOUNG man wanted to drive wagon and as-
Eist in bakery. $2t> to $25 and found: with
some exr>erieace preferred. Box 3539, Call.
FIRST-CLASS doctor to travel with medicine
company. Address box 1111. Call office, Oak-
land.
FIRST-CLASS solicitor for mercantile adjust-
ment company; give experience, reference,
salary expected. Box 1540. Call office.
FURNITURE nalesman; one having worked at
business lately and posted; no other need ap-
ply. H. SCHELLHAAS. Oakland.
EXPERIENCED boy to run electric elevator:
references required. Monday 9 a. _., 17-19
Eansome st
STRONG errand boy wanted. E. J. SHAT-
TUCK CO.. 14 Halleck st. bet Sansomc
av.i Battery.
WANTED — Boy about 17 to work in machine
In 1S!»S to upward of 19,000 men.
In lhU'j to upward of 21.0<K> men.
In 1900 to upward of 3H.0O0 men.
• In 1901 to upward of 37,000 men.
In 1902 to upward of 45.000 men.
IN 1903 TO UPWARD OF 60.000 MEN.
Office open 7 a. in. dally.
Sunday, s to 12 a. m. '
Help wanting work — Hundreds of places
awaiting your selection. Come, read our bul-
letin boards.
*
RECEIVED IN 2 DAYS.
S50 answers to our letter which appeared in
S. F.- CHRONICLE. PAGE 10, .COLUMNS
2 and 3; S. F. CALL, PAGE 9, COLUMNS
1. 2 and 3. MONDAY. APRIL 4. 1904. SUB-
JECT—GREAT CAPITAL AND LABOR
QUESTION; (1.50O.CO0) one and' a half mil-
lion leaflets will be printed and distributed.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
STABLEMAN, city, good Job. $75 and found.
Butter-maker, hand separator, south, $40 fd.
LAUNDRYMEN.
2 laundrymen, all plain work, city institu-
tion. $40 and found.
Waiter for mine. $30 and found.
ENGINEERS.
Engineer, big lumber company, $4 day.
4 coopers, slack work. $3 day. - •
2 rough carpenters, city. $2 50 day.
SPECIAL TO-DAY.
Camp cook, city Job. $40 and found.
Porter, city saloon. $11 to $12 week.
Man. drive wholesale milk wagon, $20 found.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
BOY for our office; clerk, our office. '.
MURRAY _ READY. 634-636 Clay st
STRONG boy (from 18 to 20) for wholesale
house. Box 3517, Call office.
PORTER wanted. 398 Fifth St.
DRIVER delivery wagon; references. 1533
Geary st. 8 to 10.
AGENTS $5 to $15 a day. Traders' Advertis-
ing Agency, 724 Hayward . Bldg.
WANTED— A bright intelligent errand boy.
M. FRIEDMAN _ CO., 233 Post st.
WANTED— Two first-class carriage ' wood
workers at SPINNEY'S, 1640 Mission st
BRIGHT boy who understands running electric
elevator. 361 Sutter st
TEA snd coffee solicitors wanted; salary and
commission. S50 Howard st.
HOTEL barber shop for sale cheap at 532%
Third st
IRISH cook wanted. 775 Mission st
WANTED — Cook and wife for mining camp.
IWx 51. 1008 Market st
PROFITABLE aeency: apply by mall. J.
t'TDHV Uirt Dorro m* ¦
will stand without tying; for delivery wagon.
Box 35S9. Call office.
BAY horse. 7 years old, for sale; weight 1200
lbs; a fine buggy horse, i Box 3110, Call.
GOOD driving horse; call and Inspect; $75. L.
J. MORAN. 2131 Shattuctasjave., Berkeley.
FOR sale — 8-passenger wagonette. In good con-
dition. Box 1549, Call office.
WANTED — A horse for butcher cart. Box
: 3C3S. Call office.
BUGGY for sale cheap. 1216 Oak street.
FOR sale — 2 camping wagons. 843 Howard
street. " . .
WANTED — A buggy with top. Address box
i 3ti32. Call office.
FOR sale — Laundry wagon ¦ and cart, cheap.
329 Noe st.. near Market and Sixteenth.
FOR sale — Handsome trap: cheap. Box 1215,
Call office.
Largest assortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd, sur-
rey, harness, work, driving horses. 15th- Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery.
LANGTON st, off Bryant — 4 rooms, yard and
basement; $11. Apply G. A. LEROUX, 29
New Montgomery st
MCALLISTER. 12C9—12 rooms, bath and bil-
liard-room; $C0: water free; modern.
MODERN sunny house; 4 rooms, bath, gas,
cellar, yard; rent $15. 448 Natoma, nr. Cth.
TO LET — 4 rooms, stable, four stalls, yard.
Apply 338 Thirtieth st.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let BALDWIN & HOWELL, 25 Post st.
. HOUSES TO LET — FUK.\:SHED.
A COMPLETELY furnished house; 7~ "large
sunny rooms and bath; large yard and base-
ment; references required. Inquire 9 to 11
a. m. and 5 to 7 p. m., 104 Pierce, nr. Halght
FOR rent in San Rafael— A large, fine house,
furnished; good sized lot; trees and shrub-
bery and splendid location. Address box
1235. this office.
TO rent— Spacious, furnished house; large
grounds: Sausallto; rent $100: short term if
desired. Apply Box 1216. Call office.
SUNNY detached house, G rooms, bath; com-
pletely furn. 2C0 San Carlos ave.; $27 60.
HOUSES FURNISHED — FOR SALE.
CORNER flat. 8 rooms. Sutler and Taylor sts.;
rerjt $45; $37 above rent; price $Goo; must
irom lrresuiarmes consult me at once; ray
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND- ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience in all female disorders; call or write
without delay; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE, 702 Market St., rooms 7 and 8.
A — LADIES, if you are suffering from irregu-
larities or any ailment you will avoid dis-
appointments by consulting me first. My
method of treatment is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee Immediate relief from
.¦any cause or make no charges. Advice free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny.
ALWAYS be advised and treated by a grad-
uate physician; positively the only one here
capable and willing to re-Store you to happi-
ness; relief for- irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladles; if in trouble consult htm
without cost or fee: call or write; confiden-
tlal. DR. R. H. WESTON, 305 Kearny sf
VALPEAU'S female pills; best regulating pills
sold; , price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's
syringe and tablets: price $5. By express
only on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTH-
ERS, wholesale 1 druggists. Seventh and
Broadway, Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on I female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st .
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. S26 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
llef guaranteed. 1008^ Market, St., opp. 5th.
Drs. 1 Good win,' 733 Turk, nr. Van Ness.— Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; inst. relief;
: treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN, 1118 Market— Reliable ladies'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement: best medical care; low fees.
LADIES — Our monthly regulator never fails;
box free.' VITA CO., Station A. Detroit, Mich.
DR. ROSEN resides 2995 Folsom st, corner
2Cth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG. TOY KEE. 319 Powell st, opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AX . P . ntlXljVQ _.
10,000 TONOPAH shares, $25O; organizer's ba-
sis: In 1000-share certificates. . Box 1531, Call.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOtt SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-ua*nd machinery. MclN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st.
1 CxS hoUBLE hoisting engine $250
2 s.\12 double hoisting engines, each $:>53
2 small air compressors; hand .^ ....... .^'20
Ooxltf 1 air "receivers; each ...?150
Oil tanks from 100 gallons to 10,000.
FIRST, SECOND AND THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND OAKLAND. ¦
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTUSS.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST.
107-8-9 10-11. CROCKER BUILDING, S. F.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate or
Chattels. In city, town
or country.
Low rate of interest. ,"
.• ' Give' full particulars *
of property or chattels.
Location, -etc'
Box 408. Call office.
SALAR*Y Loans —
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge or employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, 'teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 553 Parrott bid.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 63 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs); loans money on diamonds/ Jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month;
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 4S4. ' .
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
846 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch,19 Third.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
privacy ;no commission installments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 20 Montgomery st.rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans money to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bfd.: Oakland"offlce, 1103% Brdwy.. suite 1-2.
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE 103 Grant 'are.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10.000.
NEW easy method — To wage earners on unln-
doreed notes; absolute privacy Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. . 143 Phelan bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F Collateral Loan Bank. 638 Kearny.
I 3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
! no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
wishps to correspond (with a view to matri-
• mony) with a lady over 40 who has at least
?500. Box 117. IOCS Market st
Cancerous lumps, sores. Impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc.). speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. Geo. Matthews. 709 Fifth st.. Oakland.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' Londoa
Tailor. 721 Market st . .
DRUNKENNESS, morphine and all drug dls-
eases positively cured by Willow Bark Co..
812 Shot well; consultation free; call or write.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Tbure., Sat. and Sun. ;
classes Mondays, Fridays. Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1556 Market nr. Larkia.
PROF. S. DE LOUTSKY. dermatologist. 1567
Post st. — Modern facial treatment; at home
if wanted.
FORMULA for preserving eggs; will keep Al
indefinitely; 10c. Address Shell Co.. Station
C, City.
GEORGE— I will be there.
¦. ¦ -. L.
WHITE— Not all in yet; don't worry; would
write; yours always BLACK.
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS _ CO. (Inc.). tailors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
tric needle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers, 1170 Market
Actlna' restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA Co., 3524. 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton. ¦ electric needle specialist 369 Sut-
ter, r. 609. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, room 38.
MASQUERADE eostumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
- Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupcnt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna, restores- gray
hair to Its natural color. $1: at all druggists.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has beea
opened at 1008 Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p.m. - .
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ALL SUNNY — BEST IN CITY — 3 or" 4 rooms,
furnished or unfurnished. ST. CHARLES
APARTMENTS, 1560 Sacramento at., neax
Larkin.
BUSH. G41 — Newly furnished sunny suite; prN
vate bath: suitable for two gentlemen.
BUSH, 22S4 — 2 upper sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; running water and gas; $10.
CALIFORNIA. 1421—2 front rooms, complete;
" bath gas .stove; $20; newly furnished.
WANTED— 500 ladies to Icarn in 10 tninutes
to clean their own kid gloves; no fake; com-
plete instructions mailed for &0c. St. Paul
Cleaning Co.. box 1540. Santa Barbara. Cal.
WANTED — Seamstress to do plain sewing and
mending twice a month; steady. In private
family; ref«-renr*» ; $1 25 a day and board.
Address box ;!.'-.!T, Call office.
GIRLS wanted who are experienced in wrap-
ping; rood wages and steady jxisitlon; apply
between 8 and 10 a. tn.. or 12 and 1. L
MAGNIN & CO.. 43-53 Ullls St.
LADIES— To do t.ie^-work at home; we furnish
ruatcri&ls and pny ?7 to $12 weekly. Addree*
Royal Co., 34 — I) — Monroe et, Chicago.
AN experienced saleslady for fancy goods in
an up-to-date country store. Apply J_
LEVY. 118 Sutter Ft, upstairs, at 11 a, m.
I'CUNG woman as assistant in Introducing new
method tclenrr; must be a. good peychlst
Address box lie. Call office.
GIRL to assist light housework and care one
child; tiagos $15. Apply 3 Sever.th ave.,
Richmond district.
LADIES who are competent fitters: apply be-
tween « and 10 a. m. I. MAGNIN _ CO .
<3-53 Ellis st.
L'XPERIENCED jacket and skirt makers for
l-dics' mil department; apply between 9 ani
10 a. m. I. MAGNIN & Co.. 43-53 Ellis st
WANTED — A young girl for li»jht housework
and care of baby: rood home; apply after 10
a. m. 1137 Mission *t
A— OPERATORS wanted on ladles' under-
wear: cood par and steady position. CM
Miiwion st. , '
A— OPERATORS on ladle* 1 Tra*h skirts; good
pay and steady position. «5« MSsion st. '
A — OPERATORS on ladles* waists; rood pay.
C5V Mission «t.
GIRL to essist in housework: $15; no wash-
ing- 2424 H Sacramento st.
WANTED — Experienced operator* - on «hirt
wairts: itood pay; work. 1545 Mission.
UIUL wanted by dressmaker. 30 Geary et.,
n«ni 41.;.. -
FKIRTMAKF.R or finisher for ladies' tailor.
6o!>'. J Jones* tt..
WANTED — £xp*ricnr*d Jacket alteration
hand Apply between 9 and 11 a. ta. at
HALE BROS*.
shop. California Fruit Canners Association,
Vandewater and Taylor sts.
DETECTIVES — Wanted, reliable, energetic
men to represent us throughout the coast;
gocd pay to right parties. Box 1516. Call.
WANTED — Errand 003-8 : must come ' well
recommended. Apply HOLM & NATHAN,
&12 Market Et.
MEN for civil service positions. For particu-
lars. addreFS R. C. P., box 30, Supreme
Court building, city.
WANTED — Good musicians; amateur orchestra.
Box 3090, Call office.
WANTED— Office boy. DR. HARRIS, 6 O'Far^
rell Et
Detectives everywhere; good salary; no experi-
ence. Intl. Detective Agency. Milwaukee, Wis.
WANTED— Solicitor, electric goods. Box 3C13.
Call office.
FIVE flrst-class solicitors; good pay for
hustlers. 319 Grant ave.
FIRST-CLASS French cook at 249 Stevenson
st. between Third and Fourth.
ADVERTISING solicitor wanted. Call at 400
Grant ave.. after 9:30 a. m.
WANTED— Flower peddler. 1S3 Stevenson
street " j
WANTED — German grocery clerk. Me- I
QUIRE'S. N.W. cor. Webster and Sutter.
WOULD like to buy a barber shop in a good
country town. Box 3020, Call office.
Al CLOTHING salesman wanted. Apply S.
N. WOOD & CO.
GOOD strong boy for store; work and errands.
Apply 61C Mission st.
EOY wanted. Apply 338 Third rt. •
ELEVATOR boy— Apply Monday, 12C Ellis tt
WANTED — Man to erect tank frame. Call at
2510 iiryant st
YOUTH to assist in gents* furnishing store.
KOCCRSON'S. 535 Valencia st. Monday.
WANTED— Japanese boy. 344 Eddy st
WANTED — Salesman for tallorlns store. 82
Third at.
A MAN of indomitable energy and push, a good
talker. «-a>.--r to make money. F. PERSON.
477 end 47. Parrott bulldlnic.
SOLICITORS wanted; no funds required. Call
Monday 1422 Turk st
COMPETENT dress Broods man: take charge
of department: interior town. Box 1550. Call.
BY manufacturing house, trusty assistant ' for
branch; $18 paid weekly; permanent; no
capital or previous experience required. Ad-
dresB Superintendent. Como block. Chicago.
WE cay $80 a month and expenses to men
with rigs to introduce poultry compound;
year's contract Defiance Mfg. Co., Dept. 77,
Parsons, Kans. . •
WE pay $32 a week and expenses to men with
rigs to introduce poultry compound; year's
contract Imperial Mfg. Co., Dept 64. Par-
sons. Kans. J - -
BARBER shop, cigar store, general laundry of-
fice 42 stores) for sale cheap; 4 living rooms;
fine business; established S years; cheap rent;
have other business. Box 1110, Call office,
Oakland. .
WANTED — Dry goods salesman. Apply be-
tween 9 and 11 a. in. at HALE BROS*.
WANTED — Barber's apprentice. 751 Mission
•treet.
BUSHELER wanted. Apply 816 Market «t.
WANTED— Retail talesman: one preferred who
has had experience in the grocery and crock-
ery business; steady position; give references
and salary expected. Box 3559, Call office.
K— L . : ¦ ¦ . "u
Men to learn the barber trade In two months
and secure -good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MOLER System
College. 638 Clay st. ¦ ¦ ¦¦.
GOVERNMENT POSITIONS— More than 15,000
appointments last year; examinations soon;
thousands nppointed were prepared by e the
National Correspondence Institute. Wash-
ington. D. C. Write for circular J— I. giv-
ing list of positions, salaries, examinations,
sample questions, etc.. to our Pacific Coast
Office. 027 Market st. ¦ San Francisco. , Cal.
WANTED^-Up-to-date organizers for old :
fraternal society,'- paying accident, sick,
death and endowment benefits; large returns
for good producers: salary or commission.
-American Fraternity, Washington, D. C. ¦ \
BY manufacturer — Trusty assistant for branch;
$18 weekly; permanent : no capital ¦ required • ¦.
experience not' essential.: . Address . Branch
' Superintendent.' Como Block,' Chicago. . ¦
UNCLE SAM wants help;. 14,000 appointments
1903; ' free exam, paper & catalogue giving
positions and salarles.Dept.C.WesternCorTesp.
University. 925 Golden Gate ave..: San Fran.
sen. Apmy nu u barren St.: .
THE furniture of a rooming-house of 15 rooms;
must sell v. at 'once; rooms all rented. Apply.
007 Howard, st. \
HOUSES TO __T— S~ BUBB A^T.
FOR RENT— Belvedere modern G-room house.
Inquire 9 Fulton st
HOUSES FURNISHED— SUBURBAN.
SUMMER cottage to let — Four rooms, , com-
pletely furnished, running, water, etc.; at
Monte Rio, Sonoma Co. For particulars apply
fell Van Ness av.. or North Shore It. R. office.
_JHOUS_S WANTED— FURNISHED.
BELMONT — Wanted furnished house 1 for the
summer. Box 3047, Call.
WANTED In Fair Oaks, furnished house for
the summer. Box 3042," Call,
HOUSES WANTED SUBURBAN.
WANTED — For summer monthB. well :• fur-
nished suburban home, with some grounds,
. not over one hour's ride from San Francisco;
will nay good rental. Box 1219, Call office.
HOUSES WANTED.
WOULD like to buy house and lot for $2500 to
$3500; close in.- Box 1551,. Call office.- -
j LAPWCHES TOB HTBE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH ; CO., '¦ foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business.; tel.' Bush 534.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Out of buggy, r somewhere between Van
Ness and ¦ Golden ¦ Gate ' avenues '; and 'Four-
teenth and Valencia' sts.; on Van Ness ave-
nue. Market or Valencia st.;; a ¦ new Panama
hat Finder will be rewarded on returning
it to 24S3 Mission "et. v '¦ '.. ¦¦'.'-' .. .. •¦ ' r
LOST — A' sable ¦ and ¦ white . Scotch .collie;, an-
' swers i to nzme of Bob: ;- followed an east-
. bound- Callfornia-st. - car ¦ Saturday., evening.'
Finder -win be suitably rewarded by return-'
ing., him ¦ to 2121'. California'' St.,'- telephone
: .West GS4. ;_; ¦' .--V ,,--_ v ,.;..: ;. •-.:; ¦
LOST— From Bad'n. bay -horse,, white root Ini
- forehead, bob talK sore; spot; on i right "hip
¦". and '; hock; ¦" liberal 'reward upon .. return*" to
DR. 'KiKK. S_P. station. .Baden,- or;, the
. . Monarch Stables/*Bush street.'' city.
LOST — 3-stone:. diamond r gypsy 'ring. . Reward:
twenty dollars if returned, to "21; Stockton 'St.;
iiatiery OI ouxiu itei uuuers compiuie. ..?;.'.>u
1C7 tons of galvanized corrugated iron, form-
erly used on union ferry building, San
Francisco, per pound 2^if
12 IIP. vertical boiler, complete ........$100
.20 HP. fire box boiler, .complete $175
30 HP, Economic boiler, complete . .... .$30U
10 IIP. vertical cnginej complete .......$100
H. S. WHITE MACHINERY CO...
/ II. 8. WHITE, prop.. 130 Beale st.
FOR sale — Steam and electric machinery. ,
4 B. & W. -boilers. 100 and 200 h. p.
1 Corllys cnclne. 2.*>0 h. p.
1 Willans engine, 500 h. p. . ±'li..K*£S
2 -WestiUEhouse 500-volL, generators, 12o K.
;. W. each. :
1 Walker DOO-volt ccnerator> SCO K. W.
Steam and circulating pumps, condensers,
switchboard ' panels and fittings, castiron
pipe, etc. - '
For prices. etc\, address PACIFIC POWER
CO., room 50, Crocker bid., San Francisco.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?. • ,_
. Repair it with elaterite; in rolls easy to lay;
needs no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or- shingles; best for new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713, Market st.
MILK men,, attention — 30 milking cows with
or without pasture, dairy outfit complete; get
. a move on If you want them. .-Apply ?81S
¦ Grove,- bet. ; Webster and Flllmore, - morning.
2D-HAND machinery,' boiltrs. , engines, pump*.
¦ pulleys, shafting, • etc.,;. etc.,'; bought, sold,
rented and exchanged;- see Sunday papers.
H. S. ; WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
DESKS : and office furniture: $20,000 stock to
be, sold before April 15: this -stock ; can be
bought '-¦ In large or ¦ small i lots. ¦ . T. ¦ D. MC-
CARTHY CO.. 7S2 Mission. Phone Bush 4B7.
.VIOLIN ¦• for '- sale; , good tone; .elegant '¦'' instru-
1 ment;: having another, ..wlllu sacrifice for
$12 50,^-with introductory, lesson.-- if .desired,
free of charge. Box 359.;. "; Call office. -
PAINT your old and' new metal : and ;. shingle
: % roofs : with - Asbestos - Roof . Paint; guaranteed '
. to stop all leaks in the one and ' preserve the
. new. ; 205 Front st ; tel. , Main 1428. . ¦ '
A— FINE suits, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit > Clothing ' Pa rlors, 239 Kearny st,
V near Bush ; open to ¦ 9 ; p. m.r Sunday . to nooa. :
A — BUYS, sells ' or rents gear machinery. ; , en-
. eines, . boilers,"- water pipe,- shafting. . pulleys,"
etc. 253-255 Fpear, st %
GROCERY ' fixture, new, coffee mill, self-meas- '
¦-„: urlng oil , tank, horse and '.wagon,? at = a bar-
; gain. Box ¦ 8572, " Call/ office. ' •.-, "• ' • , /
ELASTIC stockings $2. Factory,^ 40- Ellis • 3t
CHICKS for ¦» sale,': 10c v each. ,-V 3993 y Twenty-
third st.',' 3 cor. '-, Noe," or : grocery. ;
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
. CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
Indorser. . MORELL. 600 Examiner building.
i — — ~ "— *— ¦ ¦—¦—»¦——^ —^ — — ¦ —
J1OXEY WAITED.
1 WANTED— A loan of $10,OCOfor a term of
years at S per cent per annum on real estate.
Address box 3014. Call office.
Ml'SICAL IKSTKOJIKXTS.
A MAGNIFICENT stock of strictly first-class
piaons to select from at Keeffe's piano store,
2S3-235 O'Farrell, sole agent for Shoninger
plano3, Schubert and Mathushek pianos; sev-
eral other makes; prices most reasonable and
terms to suit: several slightly used : up-
rights at very low prices, consisting of
Chickering, .Knobe. Hallet _ Davis. - 3-pedal
: Stelnway upright, baby grand "Chickering
and several others from $50 upwards; pianos
to rent from $2"ud; rent allowed if pur-
chased. KEEFFE'S, 2S3-5 O'Farrell St., call-
at once for best bargains; phone Black 3144.
ALL UPRIGHTS: ", ~
Fischer, new $325, now $150.
- Hertz, new $300, now $G7.
Miller, new $300. now $145. .
3 : Emerson, new $250 to $350. now $160.
I . 2 Chickering, new $450, now $Ux), $185' ¦
2 Stelnway. new $575, $750, " now $1S5, $323
Heine, new $575, now, $333.
Rents $2 up; Installments. $4 up. Rent ap-
plied If purchased. ¦ A «-gry_»ilfen__n
i >V 1 HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237 . Geary st
¦ Oakland — 1252 Broadway. -
ABSOLUTE BARGAINS IN -PIANOS.
I One in. fair order.. jjo
One a little better : 415
Another, condition good. '.......: . . $23 ¦
! : Also a : Chickering, Mason & Hamlln two
. Steinways, Knabe, Vose, Sterling, Mayson
I . Emerson, Hallet- &. Davis, ' Starr and many •¦
others.from $55 up;. easy terms; fully, guar-
, anteed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. ltt O ? Far-
roll tt. -
ONLY piano ihouse "In "the city that will rent
•you a; new piano for $3 per month and allow
' fi months' rent and 'cartage oft "purchase
price; sole agents for- McPhall.- Schiller and
other makeg. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 5«0 Hayes.
FOR -. sale — A I contract for the purchass of.' a
piano; a big saving can be made on the pur-
chase price. Address P. O. box 172, Berkeley.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos, i
uprights, $100 up; Organs, ?25..^BYROX
: MAU2Y, 303 Post str.,'
$75; STEIN WAY piano, cost $600. for sale on
,- $5 Installments. 1309 Cough st, near Geary."
! STEIN WAY, nearly new; '. upright: A. : Gabler.
I U-.and j Steck. ; mahogany. ' 21« McAllister ; aU~z;i
CALIFORNIA. 1516 — Newly furnished sunny
alcove suite; private.
EDDY, 523— Two housekeeping rooms to let.
EDDY. SSI — 2 unfurnished rooms; light house-
keeping; in modern flat
EIGHTEENTH, 3462. near Valencia—Two
cheerful sunny ' rooms, housekeeping.
ELEVENTH. 211 — Two connecting bay win-
dow rooms for light housekeeping.
ELGIN PARK. 56 — 3 sunny .unfurnished rooms:
new and modern; for man and wife. Key at 7(5
ELLIS. 420— Newly furnished rooms. . stngli
and front, with piano, bath, gas and phone.
ELLIS, ' CSS — Well furnished bay-window room
fronting on 'Larkin st; -running water, 'gas
\range; $13. . ¦
ELLIS,' 1161 — : Two-room suites; sunny; gas
range, hot baths; $16 and $19. .- .
FELL, 222 — 2 housekeeping, rooms. — .,. .
FIFTEENTH, 1479, near Howard — 3 unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms.
FOLSOM, S30— Furnished housekeepln? rooms;
also single rooms. ¦ >
GEARY/ 1348 — Nice large sunny bay window
suite, newly furnished complete for house-
keeping; large pantry, kitchen attached; run-
ning water. • bath, -'rhone, gas ¦ range, laun-
dry: nice yard; suitable for four.' If desired:
$25; also another suite same as above. $18;
private. ¦ -
GOUGH, -137 — Two sunny . front rooms for
' light housekeeping.- *- - - ¦ '
HA IOHT. D2U — :i -or 4 -handsomely furnished
rooms for housekeeping;- reference.
HARRISON. 2G23, bet.'Twenty-flret.and Twen-
ty-second — '- sunny furnished rooms; regular
kitchen. * . •'-•-.
HAYES." 645 — Tl, furnished housekeeping rooms;
tjaa range and storeroom; use of bath; $17 50.
HOWARD, 154S '¦ — Housekeeping ¦ rooms; ¦ gas
.. ransre.* bath, phone: "also single room. < .
HOWARD. -:_M— 2' very lar^e sunny .well-
,,. furnished; front; yard; adults: $11.
KEARNY. -104^— Sunny bay-window front suite
. ,'and kitchen. ' $22; 1 unf urnlshiJ ; " adults.
"— -j. : — ; : ' ' "."'
For Additional s .Classified :• Advertlsc-
jnents ? See * Page > Forty-Six.BOISE Idaho. April ¦ 0. — Two 1 men —were
badly Injured '.on " the • • Twin '.: I Falls Irrigation
works "¦ byi an explosion" of. 1 (flant - po^»der^ to
day. ri'.They ; were ». loading "¦ a > hole ¦ when •.• the
accident ; occurred. ;¦•'•'¦ - 1 ,V" " ' . -, -
A. J. White arid John Richards *vere
arrested last night: by betectiye. Bai
ley on suspicion of. being porchcllmb
ers Detectives : Regan and - O.'Connell
cf rested Martin Kenealey and D.S.
Taylor on a car. near* the Chutes.' They
are said to be pickpocket*. ¦
Capture Snpr>«sed Crooks. ¦
. An 'automobile collided with a buggy
near the beach ; tavern late " last \ night;
The i automobile was demolished.;; The
machine contained two 1 , men ; and ; two
women." One of the women wassllghtly
bruised.; They.' air disappeared after the
accident.; '-'X^.' Wl '¦ .'•¦'-. '. " '. ;
Antoraobilc Collides \ With Bussy.
The opening of the University of Cal
ifornia Club was celebrated In the
form of an informal rally at the club's
new headquarters, 297 Geary street,
last evening. The club, which has been
organized for. about a year, has held
regular monthly lunches in the leading
restaurants of th'e city, but, the direcr
tors recently decided to form an organ
ization to . be run on the same princi
ples as the Bohemian and Press clubs
of, this, city.
The : clubrooms, situated on the two
top floors of the building, were artisti
cally decorated with calla lilies;
." Charles \ S. \WheeIer presided at the
entertainment and^ acted as of
.ceremonies." The" programme consisted
of speeches by the members, songs and
many good stories. About 300 were
present!
MEMPHIS, .Tenn., April 9.— -The
Mississippi River to-night marks 'a
stage of 38:7 feet on. the gauge at this
city arid continues to rise ¦ slowly. The
weather-bureau officials believe that
the water will come to a standstill to
night or to-morrow at .'a maximum
stage .i of . not more .'than ; 39 ; feet. , , So
far the ¦ levees in! the Vicinity of , Mem
phis on* both* the Arkansas and - Mis
sissippi shores have the rise
and.' have given no. grave occasion'for
alarm. */ V- ¦ ;'y ¦;¦' -:- '•",:¦'-'¦ ¦-".'* .' -
So Far the Levees In the Vicinity. of
: Mcniphis^Have Given No Grave
Occasion : for Alarm. > '
MISSISSIPPI RIVER . • ¦ ¦; V
* - CONTINUES TO RISE
NEW UNIVERSITY CLUB
. CELEBRATES WITH RALLTJ
Time Ball.
Branch HydrogTaphlo Office. U. 8. N., Mer
chants'- Exchange, San Francisco. Cil. g
April 9, 1904.
• The Time Ball on • the tower of tn« Ferry
building was dropped exactly at noon to-day—
I e. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 4
p in. Greenwich time. J. C. BURNETT. .
Lieutenant, U. S. N., in chars*.
•'GRAYS-— HARBOR.— Sailed 'Apr 7— Schr
Comet, for Santa Barbara; stmr *G.j C.~ Lln
dauer. for , San - Francisco; : stmr Centralia. - for
SEATTLE— Arrived Apr O^Stmr Valencia;
rtmr Montara, hence Apr 5; stmr .'. Portland,
from Juncau. r * * ' IT iV i ijrii fWITHTwmpw gj|ii'
Sailed Apr 8— Stmr Centennial, for San Fran
cisco. !-¦ - ¦¦-',-.¦
<•¦ Arrived Apr 0-^-Stmr Humboldt. from Skag
way.- . ' .' "••¦---;¦.-. --¦-. „ --¦ ¦
. PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Apr 0— Schr
Prosper, from' Manila. . - i
BANDON— Sailed Apr 8— Stmr Elizabeth,
for San Francisco. --Ty^fSBUdaj - - , .
• COOS . BAY— Sailed Apr 8— Strar Alliance,
for-Eureka. : • . -
TATOOSH — Passed Apr 9— Stmr Centennial,
from Seattle,' for San .Francisco. ' . - -• - ¦.¦•
• Passed outward -Apr 9 — Stmr San > Mateo,
from Tacoma, for . Port Los "Angeles.-S-P;>;
: Passed in Apr 9 — Stmr Mackinaw, hence Apr
5, v for Tacoma. ¦ c-%fr$tgfeffiS&t&&t&VP*gfrfBt
TATOOSH— Passed outward Apr 9-^-Dredger
Portland/: towln;. HHrig;
-.ASTORIA— Arrived Apr 9— Stmr Oregon,
hence . A«r ' 7. -" ,• ¦ • - •• . '
POIN.T LOBOS. April 9. 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind calm. :• '.-. : >
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Schr Czarina, Schmitz, Sand Point, Union
Fteh Co.
Wh schr Monterey. Foley, whaling, A. An
de "° a SAILED^
•• ! Saturday, April 9.
Stmr Santa Barbara,' Zaddart, Seattle and
Olympia. . . ' , •'
Stmr Argo, Dunham, Eel River.
' Stmr George Loomis, Badger, Redondo.'
Schr Newark. Relnert«en, Stewarts Point.
¦.StmrUVH. Kruger, Bowdlch, Grays Harbor
- Stmr Porno, Ahlin, Point Arena and Albion.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Nlcolson, San Pedro.
Stmr Newport. Sandberg. : for Panama and
Stmr Santa Monica. Olsen, Grays Harbor.
.' Stmr Chehalis, Martin, Grays Harbor,
way ports. ••-
' Ship Llewellyn J. Morse. Marshall, Labasha
Bay. ¦ :-¦*' ' ¦¦ ¦¦
Bark Martha Davta, McPhail, Hilo.
Schr Ida. A, Campbell, Point Reyes.
' Schr Queen,' Paulsen. Port Gamble.
: Sehr Muriel, Wlkender. Grays Harbor.
;}.Wh schr. Monterey, Foley. whalinjr.-
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, Bolinas. '
¦ • TELEGRAPHIC. -
ARRIVED.
Saturday, April 9.
Stmr George W. Elder. Randall. 53 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 45 hours.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson, 7 hours from Ean Vi
cente Landing.
Stmr Centralia, Stenland, 61 hour* from
Grays Harbor, bound south, put In to land
passengers.
Nor stmr Titanla, Egenes, 90 hours from Na
naimo.
Nor stmr Hero, Syvertsen, 4 days from Lady
smith.
Tug Sea Rover, Thompson, 12 hours from
Fort Bragg*. : • . vJ
CLEARED.
Saturday, April 9.
Stmr Senator, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend. P C S S Co.
Stmr Pomona, Swanson, Eureka, P C S S Co.
Stmr Newport. Sandberg, Panama and way
ports, P M S S Co.
Ship Santa Clara. Larsen, Bristol Bay,
Alaska Packers' Association.
Ship Columbia, 1 Lelbig, Bristol Bay, Alaska
Packers' Association. -
- 'Ship Glory of the Seas, Plndlng, Comoi^ R.
Dunsmulr A. Sons Co.
Brig J. D. Spreckels. Koehler, Sanak. Alaska,
Codfish Co. ¦ ¦ - - "'-
Bark W. W. Case, Anderson, Bristol Bay,
Alaska Packers' Association.
Bark George Curtis. Colhoun, Honolulu.
Welch & Co. ¦
Bark Noeml, Le Hegaret, Nauma, Roth,
Blum 4; Co. ' ¦ t •
Shipping Intelligence.
, TO ARRIVE. r\
Steamer. From. . Du«.
Mongolia Norfolk Apr. 10
Titanla Nanaimo Apr. 1U
Elizabeth Coquille River Apr. 10
G. LIndauer.. Grays Harbor Apr. lo
Bonita .'. Newport & Way Ports. Apr. 10
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 10
Rainier Seattle 9c Whatcom Apr. 11
State of Cal. . San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 11
CttyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Apr. 11
Calif ornian... New York Apr. 11
Spokane...... Humboldt Apr. 11
Eur-ka Humboldt Apr. 11
Tellus Oyster Harbor ........ Apr. 12
Alliance...... Portland & Way Pts. Apr.. 13
San Jose New York via Panama Apr. 13
Arcata. Coos Bay & Pt. Or ford. Apr. 13
Argo Eel River Ports Apr. 13
Pomona Humboldt Apr. 14
Santa Ross.. San Diego St Way Pts. Apr. 14
Oregon Portland tc Astoria.... Apr. 14
Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. 14
Martposa Tahiti Apr. IS
Gaelic China l& Japan .Apr. It
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Apr. IS
Amasls Seattle .: Apr. 18
Alameda Honolulu ..Apr. 18
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma.... Apr. 19
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Apr. 19
City Panama. New York via Panama. Apr. 20
Nevadan Honolulu & Kahulut. . Apr. "n
Senator Puget Sound Ports.... Apr. 20
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
__— _— -
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
8. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Centralia... Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 10
Pomona.... Humboldt 1:30 p Pier ft
Senator.... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier* 9
April 11.
Aurella...... Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 3
AprU 13.
Elizabeth. . Coquille River 10 am Pier 20
Q. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
April 13.
G. LIndauer Grays Harbor Pier —
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier IS
Spokane.... Humboldt 1 30 p Pier 9
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
AprU 14. <
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Ventura.... Sydney & Way Pts 2 pm Pier T
April 15.
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pra Pier 3
Arcata Coos B. &. Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Alliance Eureka & Coos B. ...... Pier IS
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle tc Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 30
AprU 16. - - ...
Korea China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
City Para. . N. Y via Panama 12 m Pier 40
AprU 17. I
S. Cruz.... San Pedro A Way. 9 am Pier It
Oregon Astoria.- A Portland 11 am Pier 24
April 20. ¦ -I
Umatllla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
Amaais Hamburg & Way. 2 pm Pier 19
, :-•¦¦• FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. For.- Stlls.*
Bertha....... Valdea A Way Forts.. Apr. 10
Alkl... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. U
Cottage City.. Bkagway A "Way Ports. Apr. 13
Dolphin Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 14
City Seatle... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. IS
Santa Ana.... Valdex * Way Ports. Apr. IS
Farallon I Skagway A Way Ports. Apr. 19
The steamer, Newport sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a general cargo,
valued at $99,479. to be distributed as follows:
For Mexico. $14,137; Central America, $11,774;
Panama. $12,753; New York, $58,777: Ecuador.
$899; Jamaica, $314; Liverpool, $725; Ham
burg, $100. The following were the principal
exports : . '
"To Mexico — 5S8 gals wine, 10 cs mineral wa
ter, 11 pkgs groceries and . provisions. 20 cs
whisky, 8 cs salmon. 242 lbs butter. 392 lbs 20
tins bread, 500 lbs dried .740 lbs raisins,
(>37 lbs spices. 20 crts potatoes, 10 bbls beer,
26 cs canned goods, 48 pkgs meals, 10 bxs fresh
fruit, 6883 feet lumber, 43 cs arms and ammu
nition, 96 pkgs tank material, 5894 lbs soda. 52
pks machinery, 10 bales bags, 2000 lbs shot.
116 bdls shocks. 4 pkgs electrical supplies, 5
pkgs drugs. C6 bars steel, 84 pes 17 bdls pipe.
1400 lbs solder. 40 pkgs acid, 5700 lbs cement,
70 bars iron, 6 colls rope.
To Central America — 599 bbls flour. 931 gals
42 cs wine. 356 gals 19 cs whisky, 50 cs beer,
224 crts potatoes, 12 pkgs table preparations,
86 cs canned goods, 1602 lbs spices. 29 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 800 lbs raslns, 840 lbs
lard, 13 cs salmon. 12.5S8 lbs rice, 309 lbs ham
and bacon. 50,462 lbs salt. 600 lbs meals, 600
lbs tea. 2997 lbs malt. 24.427 lbs tallow. 14 pkgs
dry goods. 7 pkgs machinery. 48 bales bags.
10 pkgs paints and oils, 5 pkgs paper, 50 cs
coal oil, 160 kegs white lead, 20 bdls shock?,
12.465 lbs rosin, 9199 lbs soda. 1 cs hats.
To Panama — 900 gals wine, 8 c» canned
goods, 600 lbs rice, 10 pkgs paints and oils. 352
lbs soda, 40,380 ft lumber. 8 pkgs machinery.
1000 bxs eoap, 274 pkgs cartridges.
To New York— 86,212 gals wjne. 25,625 lbs
dry hides, 100 cs honey, 2000 cs salmon. 105,
333 lbs wool. 45 bales rope. 72 bales. Junk. 50.
891 lbs pig lead, 3 pkgs paints, 1 pkg machin
ery.
. To Ecuador — 150 bbls flour, 20 cs salmon, 20
rolls matting. ' / - •
To Jamaica — 95 cs canned salmon.
Exports by the Newport.
Movement of Steamers.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to Sas Fanciaoo
Bay. Published by official authority of the
• Superintendent.
NOTE^ — The high and low* waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 23
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tlds Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. APRIL 10.
Sun rises 5:42
Sun sets <5:4O
Moon rises ...2:49 a. m.
O Time Time Time ' Time
• Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft.
•LWHW LW HW
10 Tiil 2.8 7:42 4.41 2:01 -0.91 9:02 . 4J>
11 2:40 2.4 8:40 4.5 -:46 1-11 9:37 5.0
12 3: IS 2.0 9:30 4.6 3:23 1.2 10:07 5.1
13 3:54 1.5 10:16 4.7 3:58 . l.» 10:30 5.1
14 4:30 1.2 10:5* 4.S 4:30 L5 10:58 5.1
15 5:06 0.8 11:40 4.8 5:03 1.7 11:22 5.2
16 5:38 0.6 12:24 4.7 5:38 2.0 11:47 5.2
: _ — , _ — _______ __^^____
NOTE — In th« above exposition of the tldas
the early, morning tides are given in tbs le.'t
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to tlms: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th«
day except whea there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus I — >
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts The plane of reference is the mua
I of the lower low waters.
563 bbls flour, 3064 ctls barley. 1025 bales
hay 12,994 lbs bran. 3S62 lbs middlings. 14
ctls wheat, 283 ctls oats, 108 pkgs groceries
and provisions, 5 pkgs paste, 1500 lbs -codfish,
126 cs canned goods,- 21,000 lbs salt, 75,000 lbs
rice, 1164 gals vinegar, 1478 lbs meals. 5 pkgs
onions. 150 pkgs potatoes. 561 lbs cheese, 200
lbs ham, 20 cs whisky, 20 bxs fresh fruit. '£
bbls salmon, 20,000 ft lumber, 10,000 bricks,
650 cs coal oil, 20 cs gasoline 710 bbls lime,
2040 lbs 4 cs bread, 6922 gals wine. S3 ctls
corn, 8282 lbs sugar, 7083 lbs beans, 39 pes 4
bdls pipe, 7 cs boots and shoes, 40 pkgs wagon
material. 23 crts ' sewing machines, 4 bbls
paints, 35 tons fertilizer. 12 pkgs dry goods, 26
cs 5 bbls oil. 4 rolls leather, tf carboys acid, 35
bxs candles, 60 sks coal.
The bark Martha Davis, which cleared on
Friday for Hilo. carried an assorted cargo,
valued at "$26,050. The leading exports were
as follows:
The bark George Curtis was cleared yester
day for Honolulu with an assorted merchandise
cargo, valued at $22,631 and including the fol
100 bbls flour, 169,838 lbs bran, 19,707 lbs
middlings, 3771 ctls barley, 204 cUs wheat.
5325 lbs oil cake meal. 2505 bales hay, 75 ctls
oats, 5000 lbs rice, 4281 lbs coffee. 50 bbls sal
mon.. 100 lbs tea. 60 cs canned goods, 113.000
bricks, 9 cs paints, 1878 lbs soda, B bbls
spirits S801 pkgs pipe. 2540 lbs zinc. 3014 ft
hardwood. 25 bdls shingles. 1 drum acid.
Two Cargoes for Hawaii.
Chartered for Lumber.
The barkentlne Robert Sudden is chartered
for lumber from Grays Harbor to Santa Ro
salia.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
The Pacific Mall Company's steam-
Ship Newport, Captain' flandberg, sailed
yesterday for Panama with many pas
sengers and 2300 tons of freight. This
Is Captain Sandberg's first voyage In
command and his friends celebrated his
promotion by filling the new skipper's
cabin with, beautiful California blos
soms. Seldom has such gayety at
tended the departure of a Panama liner
and the broad gold • stripe on Captain
Sandberg'n sleeves was the occasion
for It all. As the Newport passed the
Korea 1 a delegation of Captain . Sand
berg's . friends waved handkerchiefs.
parasols and hats In a good-by salute.
Chief Officer Morton had the Newport
shining like a yacht and the blight
sunshine added to the gladness of the
occasion.
While the sunshine brought out the
bright colors of the flowers and trans
formed the polished steel and brass Into
silver and gold, it warmed -up. the at
mosphere to the wilting point. Down
the cheeks of officers. Bailors and pas
sengers rolled streams of perspiration
and, limp collars were in evidence
around every .neck but one. There was
one cool spot on the liner's deck and
stationed there was the only cool and
comfortable appearing Individual in
sight. This lucky mortal was Captain
"Jimmy" Miller, the pilot. In all the
smoothly, ironed glory of a new spring
suit the pilot puffed a huge perfecto
and made a picture of frigid peace
and content that stood out in comfor
table contrast to the melting scene
around. • .
The Newport carried seventeen cabin
passengers and about 100 Chinese. Most
of the latter were bound for Callao
and other South American points.
NEW YORK — Arrived Apr 9 — Stmr La Tou
raine, from Havre: «tmr Prlnz Oscar, from
Genoa. ¦ - : ,
Sailed Apr &— Stmr Vaderland. for South
ampton and Antwerp; stmr Lucania. for Liver
pool.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Apr 9— Stmr Noordam.
for Xew Tork. ' ' • -
HAVRE— Sailed Apr 0— Stmr La Bretagne,
for Xew York.
LONDON— Sailed Apr 8— Etmr" Lyra, for Ta
coma. via Yokohama, for Manila.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Apr it— Stmr Hyades,
from Tacoma. for Hongkong. ' (
GENOA— Arrived Apr fr— Stmrs Ctevlc and
Campania, from New York.
Sailed Apr »— Stror Victoria, for New York.
ANTWERP— Sailed Apr 0— Stmr Zeeland. for
N«w York. ;.-•*¦¦ •- , "
OCEAN STEAMERS.
COLOMBO— Sailed Mar 26— Br «tmr Oanfa.
for Liverpool. '
KINSALE— Passed Apr H— Br bark Strath-"
don. from Portland, for Queenstown.
SWANSEA— Arrived Apr 6 — Fr stmr Exel
mam, from Santa Rosalia.
SHANGHAI — Arrived prior Apr »— Br itmr
Longshtps. from Port Blakeley. • .
TOKOHAMA— Arrived prior Apr 9 — Br stmr
Shlmcsa, from .it* York. Apr 9 — Stmr
Hyades. from Tacoma. • . ¦" .
YOKOHAMA— Arrjved Apr fr— Stmr Siberia,
hence Mtr 23. »
NEWCASTLE. ACS.— Sailed Apr 8— Br bark
Lord Templetown. for San Francisco.
XEW TORK— Arrived Apr 8— Fr bark Cor
nll Bart, hence Dec 27.
FOREIGN' PORTS.
HONOLLLL—Arrlved Apr »-Stmr Coptic
h«ice Apr 2: L S itmr Logan, hence Apr 1;
bktn Coronado, hence Mar 23: bark Olympfc.
Mar*"*" 26: t* 1 * G «ard C. Tobey. hence
Sailed Arr Iv-Bark Annie Johnson, for San
r rand sco.
HILO— Arrived ] Apr «— Etmr Enterprise,
hence Mar 28.
Arrived Apr 2 and not Apr 7— Ship Fall* of
Clyde. h«nc» Mar 13. ••
EASTERN PORTS.
ISLAND PORTS.
|an Francisco. , Apr »-Schr Dauntless, for
Ban Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Apr fr-Stmr San Mateo.
for Port Log An*elea.
EUREKA— A rrlved Ar>r »^-Stmr Eureka,
he " c * A P p *5 rtmr Alliance, from Coos Bay.
Sailed Apr «?— Schr Ida May. for San Fran-
CISCO. , . ,
PORT GAMBLE-Satled Apr 9- Schr Pros
per, for Kogglung.
..PORT HARFORD— f-'atled Apr 9. 4 p m—
»£ 'or San •Francisco.
_ BKAOWA Y— Sailed - Apr *, 11 p n>— Stmr»
D «^Ph«n and Farallon. for Seattle.
PORT BUKELEY- Arrived Apr &— Bktn
rf .*.?"• from battle; Br ship County of
UnlUhgow, from Port Townsend.
Along the Waterfront
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY; APRIL:; 10;- 1904.
47
noOMS VOfl IfOr$XSKEI2I*IXG — Con.
LARKIN. 013 — Three large light room*: run-
r.lns water. r«>«. Jihor.e; first floor; <i."J 30.
KNJCKUHBOOKKK Apartment*. 1340 Pint —
Bta&v, lurninheti 3-rootn nutt**: «team heat-
? d. electric llchtrd: free bitths: rate tSO ap.
LARKIN. S17V»— Nicely furnished *unny front
txern; folding bed, gas stove; reasona.ple.
LINDEN avr.. (WO— Comfortable furnished
rixm-.s with b?.th: f<5; call.
MARKET. 1537 — 2 unfurnished rncm* f«M-
housekeeping.
MARII'OSA terr«ce. 12, Wtvr*n Seventh and
KigJith eU.. eff Harrison— Two nice, aunny
rooms; no children; $10.
1IAKKCT. INC2 — Housekeeping rooms.
MASON 7CO cor. Bush— Two Funny rooms fur-
r.l?h<v. complete f"r light housekeeping; rent
$K> jier month.
MeALLIhTnn, *v> — Large sunn)- parlor; pas
nsrtre: !*jt bath: $12: mlf *7; adult*.
&;cAT.:_IfTr:F.. 16T1 — Connecting renny »lttlris>
r.«m ar.«I bedroom, complete; kltolierv, bath:
r- ii.i> rsl:>.
MINNA. 2*1. cir. Fourth— r*urr.lf*ie>d sunny
h.ovs* > ke« p!r.g roorr^; reasonable.
iI<"ir>EL Mous», 12C.C Stooktoa — Front house-
keerirg rooms: $5 to f!2; »n»: b*th; sunny.
¦ OTAKREU* IMG — A lars*. nicely furnished
sunisy front housekeeping room wiUa ooonect-
tnc kitchen.
OTARRL'LL. 1712. neur Fillmore — 4 large un-
fum. rooms; bath; $20; phone Oeary 1705.
SAN JOSE ave.. 57&— Nic*ly furnished roozc-«
suitable for light housekeepiag; reasonable.
SIXTH. 45«V» — Furnished housekeeping rooms,
double or slnsle ; rent chcar; quiet family.
SOUTH PARK. 137—2 or S nicely furnished
fro-t; housekeeping rooms; also c'.sgle.
ETA.NYAN. 610 — Two sunny rooms, facing
Golden Gate Park.
STOCKTON. 41 end 45— J nicely furnished.
eunny rooms, complete; run. wat., gas etove.
TAYLOR. 504. near Geary— Nicely furnished
corner suit: housekeeping; also large bay
window; modern convenience* ; clean; nlcc-
_ Tl'RK. 223 — Single and double; Also house-
' keeping. \
TURK. 011 — Newly furnished suite. 3 rvoms;
K*s, beth, ranee: $2S. *
TURK. 1332, near Fillmore — S furnished rooms,
complete for hourekeeplcg: flS.
TTNION. S2C, rear — 3 large s-unny furnished
rooms and kitchen, together or separated;
overlooking the bay.
VALENCIA. 737— Lance rocra. nicely lur-
nish«d; editable for two: rent $16.
VAN NESS. 320 — Sunny front bay window
room: reasonable.
WASHINGTON. 1323. near Jones — To couple
without children, three very desirable house-
keeping rooms; nicely furnished ; bath, fine
kitchen, stationery tubs, yard: would rent
suite to two gentlemen. Phone Sutter 4121.
$12—2 FURNISHED rooma complete for house-
keeping; no children. 47R T>hama-. near Cth.
$:S— A NICELT furnished roora with kitchen,
gas and phone. 313 Taylor et.
ADVERTISEMENTS. «ub«crlptlOBS received at
Call branch office. cor.Duncan and Church sl«.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, —-00 Fillmore.
AJPAJRTjfcEjrTS TO LET.
>HOWLAND — 817 Van Ness ave.. cor. Ellis st.
— Beautiful modern apartments of six rooms
• rd lath; finished In the moet approved
sty!** rents arc reasonable and Include steam
he'at. water, elevator service, etc. : Janitor on
premises. i-HAINWALD. BUCKBEE &. CO..
21><-22t) Montgomery st.
THE MONTICELLO,
1474 Sacramento st. P. Ex. 714. — 3 and 4 rni.
apartments; furn. or unfum. : all light,«unny.
GRAND view; only few choice furnished cr
unfurnished apartments left. C101 Califor-
nia st.. oor. Lyon.
m'OM, 5 TOJLET — Furn. nnd Snfurn. |
FURNISHED rooms to let. Address 1114
Powell st. ¦ I
GEAKV. 141S—^unny furnished rooms.
GOUGH. 42» — Nicely furnished room; suitable
for twu gentlemen; rent reasonable. ;
— — : I
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 35c j
to $1 25 night: fl 6« to $« wk.; reading-room, j
OUERRKRO. 31. near Market. — One or 2 nice- j
ly ftirnlehed. Funny rooms; cultabl* for one I
or two gentlemen.
HOWARD, 7Cli,i— Vlc«ly furnished bay- win- I
dow room; also single rooms; moderate. '
HARRISON. 7MV4. near 4th— Finely furnished j
sunny rooms; bnih; homelike; $1 veck up^ >
HAWTHORNE. IS. oft Howard, near Third — ]
2 large sunny rooms; gas, bath, etnk; cheap, j
" i
HOWARD, S21— Nicely furnished- rooms, j
HOWARD, 912V»— Furnished room to let.
HYDE. 034 — Large, nicely furnished room: hot '
and cold water; large closet; 1 or 2 gent*.
JONES. 303. and 209 Turk— Furnished small !
rcva.s to rent. i
JONES, 509— Nicely furnished rooms: single!
or en suite; choice location; cent.; reasonable. I
JONES. 1614 — Sunny front room to let. j
LAFAYETTE. 13— Furnished rooms. j
LAGUNA. £12— Furnished room, suitable for 2 j
Fir.c't gentlemen. i
1 i
LAGUNA. 1121— Furnished room to let.
LARKIN. R04— Sunny single l*ck room for
gent; quiet home: $4 50 per month.
LE ROY place. 124 — Sunny room, with bath.
LEXINGTON are.. 116 — Furnished room.
LINDEN av*.. 285 — Two unfurnished rooms
*nd bath; no children.
MARKET. 1S0S— Furnished rooms.
MARKET. 1S02 — Sunny furnished room to let.
MASON. 213 H — N'ic* sunny front room; others
$2 week up; clean; quiet.
McALLISTER. 1097— Small sunny furnished
room for gentleman.
MINNA. 257 — Small furnished room.
MINT a-ve.. 22, near Fifth and Market "sts. —
Newly furnished sur-ny rooms; reasonable.
MISSION. 550 — Furnished rooms to let.
MISSION. 1433 — 1 furnished room suitable for
two gentlemen; also sincle room, furnished;
rent reasonable. CHATSWORTH.
MISSION. 2245 — Sunny furnished room to leu
OAK. S52 — Two newly furnished sunny rooms.
PAGE. 247— FurnUhed room.
PAGE. 2O-- 2 neat rooms for .gentlemen or re-
epectable working girls. $5 50 and 16; bath.
PAGE. 247 — Furnished rooms.
PAGE. '247 — Furnished rooms.
PAGE 1X2*— Entire parlor floor. *(vlth regular I
kitchen; partially or completely furnished;
references exchanged. Call to-day.
PIFRCE. 75 — Large front room, closet; alsc»
large side room: for ore or two.
POWELL. 1014— Neatly furnished rooms.
PRIVATE tamOy will take one roomer. Box
KM, Call office.
KOYAL House. 126 Ellis — Incandescent light*,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor: rooms per nleht, 35c to $1 50; we?k. $.1
to $S: month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROOMS A.\D I1OAKD — •Contlnncd.
GUERRERO. 22<5 — Fine sunny room, with
board, for on« or two.
HOTEL, KLSMERK. 41S Sutter— Sunny suites,
single rms.: exoellent table: moderate prices.
N.n. CORNER Broderlck and Fulton— Sunny
rulte, also single rocm, with board: modern.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, with baths; also single; homelike.
ROOMS WASTED.
GENTLEMAN In business during day wants
room; modern conveniences; north Market,
cast Polk: reasonable; permanent if suited.
Box UC71. Cay.
A SUNNY room: running water; not far from
downtown: In private family; state price.
Addrtrs F. 8.. box 8074. Call office.
LADY wants sunny front room; light house-
keeping: west of Franklin; $S. Bex SflOl.Call.
TWO unfurnished rooms bet. 10th and 14th.
Folsom and Market. Box 33, 100 11th Et
WANTED — ? unfurnished rooms north of Mar-
ket reasonable. .Box 1541. Call office.
WANTED — Two housekeeping rooirm with con-
veniences; not over $12. Box 153(5, Call.
WANTED — 3 unfurnished rooms by the first
of May. Address box 47. 100S Market it,
WANTED — TTiree rooms for dub, near town.
Bus 36.T5. Call. -
ROOMS AMI DOARD WANTED.
I WANT room and board m American family;
ir> minutes from Hale Bros,'. Box 3C56,
Call office.
GENTLEMAN wants a quiet room: reason-
able; state If board optional. Box 5506, Call.
SKWIXG 3IACHINKS AND SUPPLIES.
YOU MAKE NO MISTAKE.
But get tlit» best sewing machine on earth
when you buy the White. We are closing
out a lot of new machines that are slightly
ehop worn at one-half and one-third regular
prices. White Sewing Machine Co.. offlcts
.•{(•0 Post st., 1S41 Fillmore St., and 70S Va-
lencia st.
RENTERS— We have 100 new drop head White
sewing machines for rent; quick service;
ben machines; telephone Black 1106. White
Sewing Machine Co.. 300 Post st.
DOMESTIC — The machine lor family' use;
best Is cheapest; second-hand all makes at
any crice: all kinds rented lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
NEW HOME — See our new triple-feed ma-
chines: slightly used: $10. $15. $20; second-
hand. $3. $5. $S: all styles; guaranteed. New
Home Bewlng Machine Co.. 1051 Market st.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
A GUARANTEED cure for piles; PETER
FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per box; war-
ranted to cure all cases of bleeding, itching,
external, internal or protruding piles, also
fistula, without fall, no matter how long
«tandin<. 1(52S Devisadero St.. near Sutter.
Ladies'. Chichester'e English Pennyroyal Pills
are best: safe, reliable; take no other. Send 4c
Etamps for particulars. "Relief for Ladles"
In letter by return mall. Ask your druggist.
Chlchester Chemical Co.. Philadelphia. Pa.
THE "Norrrandin" machine for making hol-
low Cement Buildinrr Blocks. H. L. LOVL\
640 Market St.. S. F. -
SPECIALISTS.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
rnent free Dr. CotUncham. 204 Sutter St.
SLOT MACHINES.
Slot machines. $25; punchers. $25; lifters, card
machines, $20. W.A.Bradford Co.. 1185 Market.
—STABLES TO LET.
j .,,,,.,,,,
POST. 709 — Stable and large yard to let; could
be used for coal yard or carpenter; rent $10.
BOARD your horees at 122 Eddy St.; best of
care given. ROBERTS.
STALLS TO LET.
TO LET — 3 stalls. 2410 Harrison st.. between
Twentieth and Twenty-first.
I CASHMAN— In this city. April. &,. 1004, to the
wife of D. Cashman, a son. .
CHANEY— In thl« city. April 7, 1904, to. the
wife of R. M. Chaney. a. daughter.
HEYERMANN— In this city,' April 5. 1904,
to the wife of Charles Heyermann, a daugh-
-¦ ter. • ' • ¦ ¦ -¦.¦¦¦.-
KELLY— In Oakland. Cal.. April 3. 1&04, to
' the wife of Thomas W. Kelly, a daughter.
KOHLBECKER— In this city, April 1,' 1004, to
¦the wlfjt of Joseph Kohlbecker, a daughter.
LEWIS— In this city. April 8. 1004. to the
wife of Thomas J. Lewis, a eon.
QUINN— In Mlilbrae. Cal.. April 4. 1904. to
the.wlf* of William J. Qulnn. a son, ' •
ROSENBERG— In this city. April 0. 1004, to
the wife of E. Rosenberg, a daughter. •
BCHREINER— In this city. April 7.'. 1004, to
the wife of H. W. Schrelner, a daughter.
WEESA— In this city, March 29, 1004, to the
wife of William H. Wcssa. a daughter.
MARRIED. '
BAKEP.— FARLEY— In this city. April 4. 1004.
at Bt Mary's Church, by the Rev. Father
Wyroan, John Baker and Helen Farley.
HUNTER— LUNDERVILLE— In i this city.
April 7. l»04, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
Alexander L. Hunter of Duttonn Landing,
Solano County, Cal., and Alice il. Lundcr-
vllle of Sacrarr.ento. Cal.- -j ' .
WEBER— WESTELINS— In this city, April C,-
I 1904, by the Rev. J. Fuenaellng, Theodore
j L. Weber and Amanda Eugenia Westellns.
DIED.
Abrahams. Josephine Hlnrichs. William F.
Bossen, Edward Jollymour, Mary A.
Brady, John Jones, Charles D.
j Brock, Johanna M. 'Kayser. Elmer C.
Brock. Paul Klein. Mary E..
Bullis. Annie E. Klein. Phlll? J.
Carfagnl, Luigl Kllgour. Karl E.
Commcrtord. J. L. Lewis, John G.
I Cusick, Jamea Martinez, Job. W.
I Donnelly. Alice Michael, Ester
; Easton. John ' Meyer, August H.
s Fabens. Grace E. Murphy, Mrs. Rose
Flnsterbusch, C. G. Nelson, Charles
Fisher, Francis H. Pearlman, Albert S.
i Green, Abraham Bice. James .
i Harris, Mrs. E. E. Sresovlch, Caroline '
I " Haskell, Mrs. M. N. Stack. Miss Johanna
Hatfleld. Mrs. Kate Wirner. Mamio
Hessler. Lily
ABRAHAMS— In this city, April 8, 1004.
Josephine, beloved wife of Lewis Abrahams,
a native of the province of Posen, Prussia.
[CTFrlends and acquaintance^ are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. b"22 Turk street. Interment Eternal
Home Cemetery, by electric. funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets at 11
o'clock. Please omit flowers.
BOSSEN— In this city, April 8, 1004. Edward
Bossen, beloved husband of Sophie, and
father of Marvlll Bossen, and brother of An-
drew, Olive, Henry. Marie, Jennie and Grace
Bossen. a native of Chicago, 111., aged 23
years 3 months and 23 days. •
BRADY— In this city. April 8, 1004," John
Bradf, a native of California, aged 35 years.
BROCK— In this city. March 31, 1004, Paul
Brock, son of the late Charles C. and Mar-
garet A. Brock of Philadelphia, Pa,, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 50 years 2 months
and 22 days.
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the chapel
of Charles H. J. Truman & Co.. 1909 Mis-
sion street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets.
BROCK— In Alameda, April 8, 1904, Johanna
Marie Brock, wife of the late Christian C.
Brock, and mother of Mrs. S. J. Shannon,
Peter C, John C. and the late Claus C.
Brock, a native of Denmark, aged 70 years 1
month and 2 days.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, April 10. at 2 O'clock, at her late
residence. 2216 Railroad avenue, Alameda.
Interment rrlvate.
BULLIS— In this city, April 9, 1004, Annie E.,
wife of Edward A. Bullis, mother of Mrs.
Emery P. Gates, Mrs. Reuben W. Hills, Mrs.
Andrew H-, Irving and Edward A. Bullis
Jr., and ulster of Alfred H. Cables, a native
of Rockland, Maine.
E7 1 Funeral and Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
CARFAGNI— In this city, April 8. 1004, Luigl
Carfagul, beloved brother of.Pletro Carfagni.
a native of Italy, aged 39 'years 8 months
and S days.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully notified that the funeral will take place
to-day (Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the
parlors of Valente, Marlni & CO;, 1524 Stock-
ton street, thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
JLPAKTHE3TT EOUSXS.
A ET. HILAIRE APARTMENTS
LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEARY
Vil: be ready for ecvupntlon In a few
days. Everrthlog new. Make your
reservations nuw. Elegantly furnished
apartment* with private bath — 2. 3 aad
4 rooms; «team heat; electric light; ele-
vator; private phones; rates reasonable.
A— ODRDOVA APARTMENTS
Will be finished March 15.
10S4 tiUTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
Beautifully light and s-unny; 2-3-4 rt»m» and
bath each: all unfurnished; $27 50 to $10.
Make reservations now.
ET. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Nes« — The.
acme of perfection In rlegar.tly furn. 3-roora
W apartments: private bath*, steam heat, elee-
w trie lights, elevator. ga« range* ; $30 to $65.
FT. LOUIS. 1575 Jackson rt. — Modern 3-4-5
rooms; «Jso single; furnished or unfurnished;
marine view: references. Phone East 1.13fl.
ROOMS TO LET— rum. and I'ntirn.
A— THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL.
THE AUDITORIUM HOTEL. ,
115 AND 117 EDDY ST.
115 AND III EDDY ST.
MOST MODERN AND UP TO DATE HO-
TEL DOWNTOWN; 150 ROOMS; Sft t=UlTB
WITH PRIVATE BATH; ELECTKIC
LIGHTS: STEAM HEATED THROUGH-
OUT: TELEPHONE IN EVERY ROOM;
SUITS WITH BATH. $1 50 to $2 50 PER
DAT: SINGLE ROOMS. 75c to $1: HOT
WATER DAY AND NIGHT. TELEPHONE
EOUTH 104L
ASHWORTH 11OTEU
Mason st.. bet. Geary and O'FarrelL
Roonu with or without private bath.
New addition Ju«t completed: entlrw boas*
r,f»|y renovated: sun In rooms all day.
A LKOF.A. corner Second and Folsom sts. — New
house, new furniture: every room outside:
modern and sunny; prices from $1 50 per
»-eek cp- this Is the only up-to-date house la
this vicinity, first-class grill attached.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 flxth St.— Rocmi
C5c to SI per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all sight.
AT '""Tie Almonte,~ 873 Market «t. <or No. 1
Fifth ft->— Rooms, 2Sc 60c. $1. $1 50 night;
tl 50 to tlO week; house open all Right.
BRYANT, 4S3H — Nice eunny front room, suit-
able for 2 rentlemen; rent reasonable.
ElENA VIFTA ave.. 1592. Alameda— 3 con-
necting unfurnished rooms; $12 50.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
tUsned room*, suite, single: al«o onfurnitheB.
|;VFH l»wS — Ntc« bark parlor, furnished; prl-
\at* fan..: ertnt. prcf.: call bet. 3 and 8 p.m.
CALIFORNIA. 1512 — Elegantly furnished
room*: private.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cornet Mason— Elegantly
fumlihed eunny rocms: prices reasonable.
CUMMINGS «The>. CIS Post. or. Taylor— JuK
op*n«l; desirably located: •unny,«lngle rooms
and ruiten. with pri\-ete baths, hot and cold
water, eteam heat, electric light*, phone every
room; elevator. Phone East 1217 If desired.
DESIRABLE eunny furn!»hed room: 15 min-
ute* from K«>arny st. Box 5C22. Call office.
DEFIRABLE room pultabU for 2 r*-nt!emen.
with board: reasonable; new. modern house;
bath: rn-sr G. G. Park; fine view. Box 15S2.
Call office.
nr»DY 12T.4 — Unfurnished room*, stationary
tub*, running water: modern^flat.
i:i«;HTT:nN.TH. "4C5— Furnifhed room to let.
KI.LIK Kt ilroquols). rulte 720 — Unfurnished
room ; rs nt I'-rr.an preferred ; hot and cold
running water; el«c:ricity: central.
L'LLIS «*."»— 1 wc!l-furnlt.'jcd rocm%. suitable
for either lcdy or cent.
FLDEBAL. Bl — Furr.lrfced room.
1'Jl.I-ilUIUi:, 213 — hunny alcove room; running
watci ; cbeftp.
K1HST. .117— Lerge, front, sunny room, suit-
able for two.
POL8OM. «S41— A nicely furnished room.
. IOK «lrurle rentlemen. in private home (no
other roomer*), a targe, sunny, rur&lsbed
room, ¦with bath adjoining: 4 blocks from
l-ark entrance and 3 blocks from panh&cdle.
Addrets box 2T1U. Call offlo.
F*">URTM. 225— Kuminhed room.
FOURTH. 401 — Funny, large, front and side
room, cuitablv for 2; will put In two beds.
FOURTEENTH. 121— Hay-window room~wlth
llano. FUitable for two gentlemen; bath, gas;
rra*-«nafcl«.
FTTLTON. 27 — Nlrely furnished room for two
? young cxntlemen; private family.
Fl'LTON. m<> — hunny trunt roora with clothes
•IMrt for one gentleman; $0.
I zzz:
I SACRAMENTO. 1332— Sunny rocm. with bath.
SCOTT. 1102— Large front room, with bath;
board If d»>*!red.
SEVENTH ave.. C7. near Lake— Furnished
i'/:..s.
' Kl'NXY furnished room In private house. $0.
Box 35<vr. Call office.
TAYLOR. »:15 — Suites, single rooms and board;
terms reasonable.
j TEHAMA. 154 — Furnished rooms to let.
' TEHAMA, l.M. off Third— Furnished rooms to
j let.
' THE ST. KATHRYN. N.E. cor. Leavenworth
and Ellis — SunnieM rooms In the city; new
hotel; lust furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattreFitps In every room: also hot and cold
i water, baths, etc.; steam heat throughout:
elevator service and every modem conveni-
ence; rocms from $3 per week up.
THE LARCHMONT. 3C1 Sutter — Front suite;
also tunny pintle rooms; reasonable.
THE PRESTON. 247 Larkln rt.. cor McAllister
— Elegant rocnis to let; $1 50 to $3 per week.
i TKEAT ave.. 807 — Sunny room.
TREAT ave.. 1202— Furnished rooms to let.
TURK, 32 — Newly furnished sunny rooms, ea
suite or single; transient; Just opened.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3020— Room to let.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 33C7— Single furnished room
j for gentleman; near three car lines; $5.
TV.'O unfurnished sunny front rooms, rultable
for doctor's otflce. Apply 1791 Ellis st.
TWO furnished rms. in car cottage; ocean beach
boulevard; yard, water. Inquire 515B Taylor.
UNFURNISHED roora to let. Inquire €22
Clay Ft.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market — 100
rooms. 35c to $1 night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights <no sjae), running water In every
room: elevator.read.-room; free bus: baggage.
UNION. 1074— Furnished room to let.
VALENCIA. <J1'J— Neatly furnished front room.
suitable for gentleman; reasonable.
WALLERT 371 — Furnished or unfurnished
room; rent reasonable.
WOLF House. 202 Sixth— Electric light In every
room; 15c to {1 a nlt-ht: 75c to U a week;
open all night; convenient to all cars. ;-!> •$:
VALENCIA. 1070. Hotel Buena Vista— Hand-
Fomely furnished suite and single rooms;
warm belt of the Mission; hot and cold
baths; phone Blue C51.
i -
j VAN XESS ave.. 519 — Elearant front parlors
s-r.tf adjolnlnr *ulte for olflce or club.
j VAX NESS. P26— Nicely furnished eunny par-
1 lor bedroom In modern fiat; running water.
VAN NEFS ave.. 1008 — El«rant front suite:
running water, phone, cas; reasonable.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 3d et-. near Market—
Moet convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
«5c to (1 50 night; $2 to $S week; elevator;
elec. Mghts: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
S KUNNY furnished rooms In Alameda, near
Enclnal Station. ' Address box 3018. Call.
A BRANCH office of TTje Call for the reception
of ad\-enisetnents and subscriptions has been
<p<ncd at 1008 Market St.. opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 d. m.
! ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church 8ts.
HUO.MS AXD DOARO.
EDGEMERE HOTEL.
731 Buth ft., above Powell; select flrst-
cla«s residential hotel; elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heated and private exchange telephone* Id
ever}' ruoin: terms reasonable.
>/••£> B. DU CARPE. Prep.
BOARD Tor the summer In a nice private
home tn San Leandro; one hour** ride to
Kan Francisco; all th« fruit, vegetables, bat-
* tcr egg* and chickens; home raised: accotn-
rcoOationi first class and home like; rates
very reasonable. Box 4276. Call.
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 70C
A'LADY having a nice home would like gen-
tlemen boarders: call to-day or to-morrow,
or address poi«toffloe. C. DAUNET, first house
on Fremont ave.. FruiU'alc.
HOWARD. S41A — Flrst-clas* board with room.
Hngle or double. $5-H? week: American fam-
ily: home cooking: home comforts; piano.
KTI l« x-vnMve i-omfortable borne for icentl»-
I man In Mlwlon; good board. Box I5C2. Call.
CHILDREN to beard In country; good home;
reasonable. Box 21t>.- Fruitvale. Cal.
BUSH, 202*— Larse Runny »ulte parlors, with
or without board: reference
' kraNKUN. 424 — Furnished room to let with
board. SlMHIImi
STO U AGJK_jl.\I3^VA^tlKJlOUS ES.
A^GILBERT~^MOORE Storage Co.; storaco.
packing, chipping warehouse. G. G. and Van
Ness; office 1236 Market, r. S4; tfl. South 75a
A— EMPORIUM Storage St Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage tt Moving Co., ot-
flce Post and Powell sts.: tel. Priv. Ex. 871.
CONKLIN'S Storage — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 333 Golden Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN West Storage; advances made. 840
Mission St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. Zehfuss.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Corn- I
j pany. 2320 FlUmore st.; phone Jackson 291.
• BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
tt.: tel. Main IMP. Shipping at cut rates.
STUTTERING AXD STAMMEIU.VO.
MELBOURNE Institute. Van Ness & Market,
promises cure If in fair health; hours 1 to 5.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington, No. 1
Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals (2 50. The
Typewriting Exchange. 536 California st.
A FEW good typewriters at $30 each: get par-
ticulars of L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont-
gomery rU
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repalred-
Webeter Typewriter Inspec Co.. 508 Market.
TO IiKASE.
TO LEASE.
ON MARKET ST.
FOR TEN YEARS.
Downtown; flrst-cla-s 50-foot stone-front
building; new and modern In every particu-
lar. Apply to
McAFEE BROTHERS.
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
SAN FRANCISCO and Suburban Home Build-
Ing Society, 5th floor. Mutual Savings Bank
building, 70S Market et., opposite ( Third—
For tbe half year ending 31st of December,
1S03, a dividend has been declared at the
rate Der annum of <12) twelve per cent on
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxes, payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2, l»04. JOSEPH A. LEON-
! ARD. Manaser. HUGH CRAIG. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — Office of Sierra Railway
Company of California, room 229 Crocker
building. Ean Francisco, Cal., April 1, 1004.
Coupon No. 14, due April 12, 1904, from flrst
mortgage 0 per cent bonds of Sierra Railway
Company of California will be paid at the
fiscal agency of this company, the Crocker-
Woolworth National Bank, on and after that
date. S. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY. Con. — A dividend. No. 64. of fifty
cents (o0c) per chare on the lesued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms 202.
204 and 20G Hayward building. San Francisco,
on April 11. 1004. Transfer books close April
4. 1904. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
MARRIAGE LICEXSEsT"
Marriage licenses were Issued yesterday as
follows :
Charles Karbstin, 24. Cherry Creek, Nevada,
ond Emma.HanFon. 1«, Salt Lake City, Utah.
Charles H. Studdert. 21, Petaluma, and
Catherine A. Brown, 18, 3C% Hayes street.
Auguste Pradt-lB, 47. 1S07 Fourteenth ave-
nue. South San Francisco, and Victorine B.
Marcenac. ¦ 43, 1072 Clay street.
William Lindner. 40. M7 Howard street, and
Mapdalena t=eng. 37. "20 Gough street.
Bertclomeo Arata, . 2S, 10 Scott place, and
Clara Uemtrtlnl, 13. 10 Scott place.
Georre Campbell, 02, city, and Jennie Mc-
Knlffht. 21. cliy. '
T Leon Milier. 21, Vallejo, and Jean H.
Young. 18, 5C HUrdy ttreot.
Herman Nelson. T-, l'JSl Folsom street, and
Bertha W. Their, -21. sflO Howard street.
John J. Cahlll. 29. ."122 California street, and
Annie Parker, 28, 2402 Post street.
John Carlson." 2S, lilrt Hutter etreet, and
Eufemja Dalin. 28, .140 Sutter street.
Thomas F. Hogan. 21. C27 Bryant street, and
Ethel A. Campbell, 19, C13 Second street.
Thomas B. Hay, 27. St. Maries. Idaho, and
Josephine Makowskl. 19. til" York street. -
Matthew C. Edwards. 20. 3A Treat avenue,
and Effle M. Roadarmel. 19. 3A Treat avenue.
Michael J. Daly. 35. 1504 Mission etreet, and
Margaret Murphy, 30, 154 Twelfth street.
Kmil Olsen, .'W. 2721 Twenty-second street,
and -Cecilia Erickson, 17. 2721 Twenty-second.
Charles A. Carman. .31, 10 Dodge street, and
Jane M. Douglas. 22. 10 Dodge street.
Lawrence «. . Watkln*. • 23. ¦ B20 Elli« street,
and Annie J. Rothberg. 22, 430 Golden Gate ave.
Godfrey Eacrct. 30, city, and Clarlsse B.
Mueller. 22. city.
EIRTHS-MARRIAGES^DEATM '
Birth, marriage and death notices wnt by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the : publlcaton offices and be
Indorsed with, the name and residence of, per*
tens authorize! to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event arc published once In this column
free cf charg«. _____
BORX.
BATES—In- this city. March 15. 1004, "to the '
wife of Fr<^ C. Bates, a daughter.-
COMMERFORD— In this city, At>rll 7. 1SMH.
Jeremiah L.. son of the late Patrick and
Catherine Commerford. and • brother of
Mollie A.. James A. and the late Michael F.
and John J. Commerford, a native of San
Franciscco, ased 20 years 3 months and IS
days. . j
(E7"Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
April 10. at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 423 Golden Gate
avenue, thence to St. Mary's Cathedral - for
cervices. Funeral under the auspices of El
Capltan Parlor. No. 222, N. S. G. W. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CUSICK— In this city. * Arrll 8, 1904, James,
beloved husband of Brldeet Cusick, and
father of Thomas P. and the late James J.
and Francis E. Cusick, a native of County
Donegal. Ireland, aged 72 years and . 6
months. .
E7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 11 Laurel place, off First street, be-
tween Folsom and HarrLson. thence to St.
Brendan's Church for services at 10 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please
omit flowers. A solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
Monday, April 11. at St. Brendan's Church,
commencing at 9 o'clock.-
DONNELLY— In thl« city. April 8, 1904, Alice,
beloved wife of Dr. E. P. Donnelly, and
sister of Mrs. J. J. Donnelly, a native of
Napa. Cal.
(C7"The funeral will take place Sunday,
April 10, at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence U7S McAllister street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
EASTON— In this city. April 7. 1904. John,
beloved husband of Ann Easton, and father
of James W. Easton, Mrs. George A. Smith,
Mrs. Loren E. Hunt and the late Mrs.
Thomas E. . Kent, a native of Edinburgh,
Scotland, aced 78 years 4 months and 11
days.
CT'Frknds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sun-lay,
April 10. at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 100 Fell street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by electric car from
ElgRteenth and Guerrero streets. Please
omit flowers.
FABENS— In this city. April 8. 1904, Grace
E., beloved sister of Mrs. Alexander H. Ev-
erett and George C. and Herbert S. Fabcns.
a native of Salem. Mass.
KS^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Sunday),
at 3:30 o'clock, at her late residence, 1711
Geary et. Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
FINSTERBUSCH— Charles G., beloved hus-
band of Bertha Flnsterbusch, father
of Otto, Louts and Julius. Flnaterbusch, and
uncle of Mrs. William B. Comstock, a na-
tive of Oschatz, Koenlgrelch. Sacliscn. Ger-
many, agod 70 years 7 months and 12 days.
E7Remain«i at the parlors of H. Suhr &
Co. Notice of funeral hereafter.
FISHER— In Alaroeda, Cal.*, April 9, 1004,
Francis Hook Fisher, beloved husband of.
Margaret E. Fisher, father of Edwin G.
Flfher of Pan Francisco. 'Alt F. " Fisher ' of
Alameda. -Frank J. Fisher of Vallejo and
the late Anna J. Whitney of Nashua. N. H.,
and stepfather of Mrs. Ida Hudson of San
Francisco and Mrs. -Ella Garwood of . Han-
ford, a native of Nashua, N. II., aged 78
years 2 months and 3 days.
GREEN — Abraham Green, beloved father of
Walter A. and Mabel preen. Mrs. M. Van
Vliet and Mrs. . Charles Isaac, a native of
Rocasen. Germany, aged 55 years. ; :
(CTuneral services will take place Sun-
day. April 10. at 10:15 o'clock, at his late
residence. 1521 Sutter street. Interment
private.
Congregation Shcrlth Israel— Officers and
member* are respectfully requested to attend
the funeral of our highly esteemed member,
Mr. Abraham Green, Sunday, at 10:15 a. m..
from 1521 Sutter street. \
ALEXANDER UBADT, Secretary. .
First Hebrew Benevolent Society— Of fleers
and members, you are respectfully requested
to attend the funeral of our late member,
A. Green, to-day (Sunday) at 10:15 o'clock,
from 1521 Sutter st. • ¦' ¦¦-¦•¦•
• S. ZEKIND, Secretary.
HARRIS— Entered Into rest In Alameda. Cal.,
April 9, 1004, Mrs. Elizabeth K. Harris,
widow of the late J. F. Harris, and mother of
Dr. F. W. Harris ond Mrs. A. G. Anderson.
: a native of the Isle, ot Man, aged 00 years
and a months. y
HASKELL— In Plalnsburg, Merced County,
Cal., Arrll .!, '1001, Mrs. Mary N. Haskell.
wife of the late Lyman S. ¦ Haskelf. - and
HENRY J. CALL ACHER CO;
¦ (Successors to. Flannagan & Gallagher.) .
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth «t.. opposite Lincoln School. :.- •
-'_ Telephone South. 80.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS.
-Funeral Directors ; and - Embalmers —
. Formerly In Metropolitan -Temple,
. NOW «t . K88 : MISSION. ¦ Tel. South 167.
Between . Fourth and Fifth. - near Fifth . st. •
Finest Equipments at Moderate ; Rates. ;
F. J. Monahan,. Manager. -TeU Mission 31.
MONAHAN, Q'HAR A &: CO.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
¦ 2330-2341 - Mission tt., '- near ¦ Nineteenth. .
- ¦-. -./; <: San Francisco. 1 • . -.
.James McGinn. ,.-..¦ Henry . Hansen. •
: JAMES McGINN & i CO.. A ;
- -.-.-,'-<¦: Formerly > With -McGinn .-Bros.. -— ' i- .
——Funeral Directors and Kmh.ilmcrs— —
214 ' Eddy - st. : Tel.'South 5*6.- :i *
mother of Charles, L. and Frank E; Haskell
of this city and Lawrence W.' and Edgar H.
Haskell and Mrs. Nellie E. Burns of Merced
' County, a native of Concord, N. H.. aged 82
years. (Tuolumne County. Cal., and Port-
- land. Me, . papers please- copy.) .
HATF1ELD— In this city,' April 7/ 1804, at her
¦ residence, 240 Shotwell strwt, Kate Hatfleld
(nee Burke), dearly beloved wife of th« lat«
AC. V. Hatfl«ld. and daughter of Kate and
;the late Michael Burke, and sister of Oorge
and the late Joseph M.. Mary A. and Lllll*
; L. Burke and the late Mrs. Maggie Aubertin,
and aunt of Mrs. V. C. Plluso, a native of
California. - . • ¦ . ¦ ~ - •>;.-- .
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 0:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, :M0 Sbotweir street, thence, to Bt.
Charlts Borromeo's Church for services at
10 o'clock. ; • .
HESSLER— In San Mateo, April 7, 1904. Lily.
beloved daughter of Charles and Pauline
Hessler. and sister of Harry. F. W., Charles
A. nnd Edwin Hessler, a , native of ' San
1 Francisco, Cal. - -'
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. April 10, at 2 o'clock, from the mort-
uary chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking
Company, 2475 Mission street, near Twenty-
first. Interment private.
HIXRICHS— In this city," April 6. 1904.' Wil-
liam F.. dearly beloved husband of Minnie
Hlnrichs, son of Peter and Margarethe Hln-
richs, and brother of Peter, Henry. Fr»d and
John Illnrlchs and Mrs. Anna Kuhlke, a
native of Napa, Cal., aged 33 years 8 months
and 2 days. (Coluea and Napa papers please
copy.)
, tC^Frlends and acquaintances are reepect-
1 fully Invited . to attend the funeral Sunday.
April 10, at 12:80 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 819 Dolores street, between Twenty-
first • and ' Twenty-second, thence ' to - Unlon-
miuare Hall. 421 Post street, where services
will be held under the auspices of the Ger-
mania Club. . commencing at 1:30 o'clock.
I Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery-
JOLLYMOUR— In Alameda, Cal.. April 7, 1904.
Mary Anne, beloved .mother of Kate, Bessie
and James Jollymour and Mrs. Warren
Chandler, a native of Newfoundland.
(CFrlonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Monday), at 10 o'clock, at St. i
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
• will be celebrated for the , repose of her ;
soul. Interment 8t. Mary's Cemetery. f -<:
JONES— In Alameda. Cal.. April 9, 1904.
Charles Delbert Jones.' Infant eon'sf C. B.
and Jessie Jones, a native of "Wisconsin, aged
1 year 1 month and 21 days.
KATSER— In this city, April 9, 1904. Elmer
Charles, dearly beloved son of Charles and
Lena Kayser, and beloved brother of Eva R.
and the late Ruble L. ' Kayser. . a native of
San Francisco, aged 1 year 9 months and 25
days.
CTFriend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 391 Hayes street, near Gough,
' thence to St. Boniface's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.'
KILGOUR— In Oakland, Cal., at the King's
Daughters' Home, April 8, 1904, Karl Ed-
ward Kllgour. a native of Indiana, aged 27
years 7 months and 12 days. A member of
Magnolia Lodge No. 242, F. and A. M., of
Santa Barbara: of the Woodmen of tbe
World, of Santa Barbara, and Modern
Woodmen of Vlaalla.
KLEIN— At rest in this city, April 9, 1904,
at her residence, 1130A Filbert street, Mary
E., dearly beloved wife of Theodore G.
Klein, and loving mother of Marie Klein, a
native of Indiana, aged 29 years.
KLEIN— In Concord, Cal., April 3, 1904. Philip
J. Klein, a native of Germany, aged 65
years.
LEWIS— In this city, April 9, 1904, John G..
beloved : husband of Sarah F. Lewis, step-
brother of Mrs. Nellie McKeown. and brother
of the late Mary and Dick Lewis, a native
of San Francisco, aged 37 years 11 months
and tt days. A member of the Shinglers'
Union No. 1..
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 10 Harriet street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's -Church, where a mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Crocs Cem-
etery.
MARTINEZ— In this city, April 9. 1904, Jo-
seph Wethered Martinez, youngest son of
Henry and Lewlna Martinez.
MICHAEL— In this city, April 9, 1904, Ester,
youngest and dearly beloved • daughter of
John T. and Ester Michael, and sister of An-
nie Michael, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 years 8 months and 7 days.-,
METER— In this city, April 8, 1904, August
H., beloved son of Mr. A. and Mrs. J.
Meyer, and brother of Louia. Eugene, Hugo
and Arthur Meyer, Mrs. J. Hermann, Mrs.
Gus Hotop and the late Edla and Antone
Meyer, a native of Germany, aged 40 years
10 months and 5 days. A member of Musi-
cians' Mutual Protective Union. (Seattle pa-
pers please copy.)
ICTFrtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of. Iaccheri, Duclos & Co., 629
Broadway, between Dupont and Stockton
streets. Interment I. O. O, F. Cemetery.
MURPHY — An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Mrs. Rose Murphy to-morrow
(Monday), at S o'clock a..m., at Most Holy
Redeemer Church, Diamond and Eighteenth
streets. Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully Invited to attend.
KELSON— In this city. April 6. 1904, Charles,
beloved brother of Fred and Emll Nelson of
San Francisco and Mrs. Augusta WoIIeson
of Seattle, Wash., a native of Sweden,
aged 46 years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn - Cemetery, by 3:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
PEARLMAN— In this city. April 7, 1904. at
the Pacific Hebrew Home. Albert S. Pearl-
man. a native of Russia, aged 89 years.
C?"Frlendo and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co., 046 Mission street. Inter-
men Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. Please omit flowers.
RICE— In this city, April 9, 1904, James Rice,
beloved husband of the late Delia Rice, and
father of Addie Rice and Mrs. Julia Freder-
lcks, a native of Ireland, aged S3 years.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at, 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. John's Church, .where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SRESOVICH— In this city. AprU 8. 1904, Caro-
line, beloved wife of Luke G. Sresovlch, and
mother of Evelyn, George, Byron, Rudolph,
Camillc and Clarl&se Sresovlch, and daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. J. Chrlsttnson of Brent-
wood. Cal.. a native of California, - axed 47
yeans 1 month and 4 days {Brentwood and
Los Angeles papers ' please copy.)
. E7Fr!ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
April 10, at 9:45 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. ."117 California street, thence to St.
Marys Cathedral for services. . Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery,' via the electric funeral
car from Eiehteenth and Guerrero streets.
STACK— In this city, April 8. 1904. Miss
Johanna Stack, ulster of the late Michael
Stack, a native of Llstowel, County Kerry,
Ireland, aged C8 years. (Los Angeles papers
please copy.) > • ¦
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ; to-day
* (Sunday),, at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of Mrs. P. J. Halllsran. 3528 Twenty-third
6treet, between Valencia and- Guerrero,
thence to St. James Church, - where services
will be held at 1:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
¦' Cross Cemetery. ¦'.,'.
A solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul to-morrow
! (Monday) at 9. o'clock, at St. James Church.
' Friends are Invited! to r attend. . . • ¦
WIRNER — In this. city. "April -8.- 1904. Mamie
Wlrncr, beloved mother of •: Harold Wirner,
• and sister of John, 'William and Ernest
¦ Wirner, a native of Nevada City, Cal., aged
28 years 5 months and 10 days. . . .
. {C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock," from the parlors of
Valente, Marlni & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
thence to I. O. O. F. Cemetery. ¦ ,-: PHILADELPHIA, April 9.-^E. W.
Clark, r^head '•¦ of the r banking ; house ; of
E.* W. ) Clark; & ; Co.V one. of ¦ the (oldest
financiers of , this \city," *m3 ied " tof day -' at
his.'-horhe^iri-'Germahtow'ri, : aged ?77
years, t Clark was identified with many
traction 1 enterprises.' \'V : ; "- ... '.;
Well lvnown ¦ Banker, Passes Away.
Gather on the New Park Green for
the First: Time "', in > Several"
3Ionths. r
The Scotitsh were out in
numbers yesterday afternoon, when
the new green . in' Golden Gate Park
was played upon for the first time in
several months. ,. Many . spectators
watched 'the games, which were much
closer than usual.'v ] Most of the games
were won by. one point. The-tourna
ments were not commenced, owing; to
the , fact that .the members -were not
sure ,the;green; could be- played, upon.
It V was announced that both tourna-
Destitute -Woman Seeks a Brother.
SAN JOSE. April 9.— Mrs. Alice
Laird, an elderly woman from St
Louis, Mo., applied for lodging at the
police .station last night. \ She had
come here looking for, her '"brother,
who r until recently lived here. Not
finding him and being destitute, she
went to the police. ' The woman was
sent * to , the Red ; Cross , Sanitarium for
the ". night. It .was learned by the po
lice, to-day that her brother had gone
to "Lbs Angeles and the Board of Su
pervisors I furnished her "with ; trans
portation-.toithatiDlace. •. '-»¦'•
LIVERMORE, April 9.— George Mil
ler, a negro, charged with burglary,
made a, daring escape from the prison
here some time during last night and
now. has a day's start of the officers
that are in search of him. By some
mean3 he obtained two [ augers and . by
what must have been a tireless effort
throughout - the night he succeeded : in
boring a passageway through thetwo
inch. planking of which the -bottom of
his cell is composed. Crawling under
the .^flooring, ¦ he ; broke out ; the ¦ iron
grating , in • front of .a ventilating ; hole
and. "escaped.
7 Miller \ had boasted that , he would
never ¦ be brought "to trial, - but- it* was
supposed it was but an idle' threat.
The remark, however, is now. regarded
as . significant. . How . he got through
•the hole; he made is .the wonder,'of
those .that .inspected the .place '.to-day.
The~Ve3cap'ed man " is . over J six < f eet j tall
and'.: powerfully, built;;*. yet \ he. went
Alleged Burglar Bores Way Through
.ithe Bottom of. Ills Cell During
the NJzht.
Bowling was much more satisfac
tory on the new green than on the old
one, where there is too much of an el
ement of chance.; Despite the fact that
they have had little opportunity to
of late, the bowlers proved as
skillful as ever. The. scores follow:
T. Millar beat A. B. Maguire, 21 to 16;
T. G. Aik'enVand H. L. .Ticknor, beat
T. McNaught and Dr. Hamilton, 21 to
7; M." L. Crowe and; A.;. A;;McVicar
beat J. McLaren .and Y. C.' Lawson.
21 to 12 ; J. Duncan beat J. Gray, 21
to ;20; ; A.I Foreman and< J: C. Moffatt
beat Ticknor .and {George ¦ Center, ¦ 21
to 2 0 ; Joseph ¦ Gray and J. i M. . Duncan
beat G. «W.- Patterson and . Dr. Gunn,
21 to / 20; ; ; Foreman and' Moffatt ".beat
Center and Aiken, 2 1 ¦ to 20 ; •William
Watson: beat Samuel Irving, 2 1 1 to 20 ;
CroVkVand" J. ! Reid beat A. Wilkie and
Lawson, 5 21* to 17.
SCOTTISH BOWLERS PLAY
MANY EXCITING GAMES
through a Dlace about the size of a
hat. His implements he left behind
him. While' he used one auger to
bore with he used the other as a han
dle, which he tied with a piece of un
dershirt to the top of the JbiL .
ments will . commence next
DARING ESCAPE MADE
FllOM LIVERMORE JAIL
> The ships Columbia and Santa Clara
and, the bark W. W. Chase cleared
yesterday for Bristol Bay. About half
a dozen of -the salmon vessels, will
leave- port early this morning. Each
.vessel 1 " will carry many Chinese, Jap
anese and ' white' . cannery hands 'and
the harbor police on the" early « morning
watch expect \ to have a pretty busy
Sunday, morning along, the water. front.
The brig JohnD." Spreckels :{ cleared
yesterday fo'r'Sanak and' the-schooher
Czarina for Sand : Point. They are 1 - both
coins for jcarebes' of codfish.
Salmon Ships V to Sail.
Committee, who, with Senator Joseph
U. Knowland and Mrs. George Law
Smith, constitute the committee from
the Chamber of Commerce of San
Francisco. Like-wise have these two
following comimttees the details- un
der advisement, with promise of de
tails in a day or two, to be announced
on receipt:
A. P. Fleming, W. R. Bacon, H. E..
Carter, committee from Chamber of
Commerce of Los Angeles. .;
I. B. McMahill, Paul Shoup, S. R.
Canfleld, W. A. Wilmar, committee
from Central Coast Improvement As
sociation. '"''•.
rural, resident, to whom we owe much
of our civic prosperity, and of cultural
effect upon the commonwealth. Be
sides, it ¦.will save ' men > from cussing!
And therein it's a Christian proposi
tion. '
As to ' the details of • transportation
'to the. convention, thotel .'rates, and
other vulgarisms, : Information will' be
furnished on * the arrival from \ the
1 south of Rufus .P. Jennings,. executive
officer of the California ¦ Promotion
- If the sons of Italy, with their tiny
possesisons, could build , the famous
road that winds its length along the
Adriatic is it too much to" hope from
us of .new Italy, with unbounded
wealth and resource, to simply restore
what the old King, of Spain built for
us a century agone? The proposition
is sane; it is poetic; it: is_ of historic
Interest, therefore" of value ,. to the
tourist, and it. is of material or com
mercial value in consequence. It is
of . importance - to the farmer, to the
for it 'is the understood plan to have
the survey made by a body/ whose
business it will be to serve. the State
in this matter. Then it is proposed
to have each county dp its own actual
work.
Shorn of verbiage, the general plan
is to form a permanent organization
whose business it will be to carry to
the end the establishment of this great
highway from north, to south of the
State. That its business will be to go
before the Legislature of next spring
and ask (now, don't get exicted) not
for an appropriation vast enough to
pwing the enterprise, but for Just
enough to eurvey the old mission
roads. Now It is noised abroad in the
land that Governor Pardee will stand
pat on such a modest bid for funds,
• "Sixth— To make this main highway
frqm San Diego to Sonoma Mission a
memorial highway, preservingits Span
ish nam« of III Camino Real and urg-
Jng the building of an extension there
of from its northern terminus northerly
through the Sacramento Valley to the
northern limits of' the State as a main
highway.
"Fourth— Investigating the adapta
bility of portions of this rbad to the
purposes of a main highway, with the
twenty-cne Franciscan missions as sta
tions nnd landmarks upon it.
. "Fifth — Securing surveys in each of
the counties along this route of as
much of this ancient road as is in ex
istence.
"Third— Preserving the original gov
ernment road of Spanish California be
tween the missions San Diego and So
lano de Sonoma.
"To Santa Barbara on the 19th!**
That is the slogan of the south, the
ambition of the middle counties and
the decision of the people "up north."
:sjy. but things are setting busy
"up north:**
What's doin* at the old mission
town on the 19th? Why. on that date
delegates from every hurg in Cali
fornia vriU gather there by the side
of the sea to formulate rlans for the
restoration and perpetuity °* lhe O ld
2£injr"s ULgh\va>- — the road bullded
from the Mission San Diegro de Alcals
<San Die^o) to San Francisco Solano
(Sonoma) on the north.
Rightly speaking, the Camlno Real
of original planning terminated at the
Mission San Francisco de Assisi (Do
lores)—our own fascinating but sadly
unappreciated mission out on Dolores
street. And by the way, how manj'
of ms, who would resent vehemently the
charge of fc. dearth of patriotism, have
over set foot in that wonderful old
sanctuary — the one structure in all our
northern territory coincident with the
birth of our cation?
But why call up delinquencies? It's
never too late to mend our ways. And
therefore the convention at Santa
Barbara on the 19th and 20th. There,
within sound of the mission bells,
whose peal has echoed from hill to
hill Ahese hundred years — a very re
spectable age as we Americans re
gard time — will be gathered together
the most remarkable aggregation of
people California ever garnered in her
name. "In her name" is the watch
word of the convention.
The delegates go frofn North, South,
East and West of our vast dominion —
vast in truth as measured by our dear
ancestors, the New England States—
with no man's dollars in their Jeans—
or auto bags — but their own, to save
what should have been saved a quar
ter century ago. 'Twas about that time
that men's equilibrium became stable,
after the pandemonium of making —
or losing — fortunes over night.
Herewith I beg to. present to the pub
lic once more the objects of the con
vention, whose one distinctive feature
— and let it be cried from our hilltops —
is not self-interest, but State interest
It is California — our State! And per
mit me to ask, preparatory to present
ing the object, where in the world, the
vast, vast world, is there such a possi
bility for a highway as our lovely State
presents? And the beauty— likewise the
feasibility — of the plan is the fact that
a vast part of the old original road
exists to-day as county roads.
And where a deviation exists from
the original trail, as does between
Kings City and the beautiful mission
of San Antonio de Padua (Monterey
County^, it is proposed to keep to that
road — even though it be ten or twenty
or a hundred feet from the original
carreta road. What or where would be
the practicability of abandoning a good
existing stretch of road for an unsur
veyed and impractical donkey path
way, merely because of an historical
record that a dozen donkeys came
north that way in 1770. If success is to
attend the efforts of the Santa Barbara
convention, it is only by keeping with
in the boundaries of practicability — and
we will, good friends and fellow citi
zeVis, we will; at least, we'll try.
Herewith is the plan of action, some
what tardily presented:
'First— To unite all the commercial,
social and agricultural interests of Cal
ifornia in a general plan for improve
ment of the public highways.
"Second — Such plan to include the
procuring of legislation by the law
making body of the State of California
that will provide for the participation
by the State government in the pre
liminary location, surveying and plat
ting of a comprehensive system of
roads for the State and the appropria
tion of a fair proportion of the funds
necessary for the construction of the
same, and to secure for such purpose a
fair proportion of sueh moneys as may
appropriated by the national Gov
ernment for public road building, and
by it apportioned to the State of Cali
fornia.
Bj I-aura Bride IMwcrs.
Jteprescntatives From Every
Civic Organization in the
State to Eespond to Call
ALL SECTIONS AKOUSED
Third Week of April Con
vention Will Meet in Santa
Barbary to Start Project
CAM1N0 REAL
TO BE SAVED
THE SAN FRANCISGO^GALL, SUNDAY; APRIL 10, 1904;
48
PAINTINGS THAT ARE , AT-
TJIACTING ;' 3\ai»E /ATTEN-
TION IN CAIilFORNIA.
. ."IN v EGYPT." •
r ; First full-page " reproduction
. -_-¦. , ...-; . in. the 2 , ..'•-.. ;^V-.- ;
, : NKXT; SUNDAY'S CALL.: /;
GOING .TO MOVE?;
A new list of choice flats,
houses f and "cottajees " advertised
to-day. Read'TIlE CA1J/S TO
IJET ,; COLUMNS— IT SAVES
TI3IE.
PAINTINGS OF POPULlIR
SOCIETY WOMEN.
By a society artist.
Sec Uie first full-page picture
of tills beautiful scries in
color In Uie
XEXT 'SUNDAY'S CAUL.
HALE'S. L\ HALE'S. . | .HALE'S. | . HALE'S:, : ' .' ' '¦I-' '?•¦¦ '' ' ¦ '"'' HMJE'S.- .. .' . ! • : - ¦ ****&&_ _ .
. m gj. ¦- — *- - - ,..,,. .. - ._ . . . . ... ¦-¦ ¦ I ¦ - 11 .. i. . ¦ mil — — ¦ . ¦ . -,ii .... ¦ ¦ . . — ¦¦ — ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦- ¦¦- — — 1 ¦ I ¦ ¦¦ 1 « •* ™"^^^^ . . ¦ * ' t - — — " ¦— — '
*^l^?^m*^tk?Sl^^K}ilSl! ! to 1 wit W I W ' ' Most wanted kinds: Burlaps, denims, cretonnes, silkolines, Swisses, scrims ; every sort; all new patterns.
Sell at Lower Prices Than We'd Usually Pay. WeCould Have Handled Twice as Much
28 miles and over in one continuous strip — enough to reach over half way to At the prices we would be able to make. #
¦^^^fe^S^alr^^A? 1^^ 5^^ " ttu- 1 t -i. ii •* 1 tj • llln , rHl , f Tf^'fAK. ' peries that should be scattered in different cities through California, Oregon and
ifi^^/('f^^4a/7/^ Think what it means. HoWunusual. How important. It had to be. Washington in a regular way and at prices such as San Francisco buyers have never had
f|C^i|f|f \\\ |£sfe? ( S [' l\\ l K' 50.000 vards in one lot! Twitfe the amount we ordinarjjy buy for the whole before. As important for those who are thinking of buying 100 yards as for those wno
l^lWiiS 1 i s ™'s celling. It took a store with capacity. He knew it; knew Hale's was ™££W s ™ shYre.^ " Ot limiti " g *' SalC ' S ° ***
\t it^Zsi K5 ' It > V: 1 sPcl • It M J5J til « . 1 i 1 1 1 i* ¦ ' ¦¦ ' (licipcricri oi any Kiiiu can bnarc. v^»?n'f
ll^^^aJilL^^j^^^^S^jiL. _ the only Store that he could hope to get help trom. ¦ ... Builduur Contractors who need burlaps to finish houses can save money in a -way tney naan t
j^^.'-^XbliJ-j**^ I We laughed at him when he Came to US. Made him an offer that would Out-of-Town Dealtrs can share advantages thfe biggest merchants seldom get. -,-*?- of
ji^'jy^^^Ji^''' * 1 t i~- 1 vi «.- +:.-««. U..4- t.~ ' A1 ,],i n 't ti^ii'f tli<^ 1i-»f Ho wnnterl cmn- And women who are thinking of curtains for cozy corners or sofa coverings, or draperies 01
WjsT^^^^ have been absurd at any Other time, but he W'OUldn t spilt tile lot. tie wanted Space any "^£ wnTflnd suggestions and advantages they least expected to share and at a time when
and quickly. He knew if Hale's didn't help him 11O Other Store, COllld, and when .they want them most. House cleaning and fixing is just around the corner
- -^ J r its all on the second floor and two big windows full. But lets get into tne vaiue*. oca w*»
lie accepted we knew good they are. .... , ¦ -
Summer Weather Is Here. Art Sateen 15c Yd TlflCI V^ rd Art RlirlflHl \^C"\ t\' I New Creton 7c Yd.
It's Ribbon Time Saajgs: %82g&2s&. .« d e W&m^i r\i-^ -.uuiiap, i.s^w i u w «ff«aSMag^
Afld Hales Your Ribbon Store. S?S!if«S^ al ?? r . Ifs figured. Ifs regular 25c stuff. | Ifs 36 in. wide; in green, red. blue and natural colorings; flowered, striped and £%££*«£££ effect for «ul»
Si.Jia naics I our i\ivuuii o«//c . . Jn Oriental . effects . The prettiest stuff we htive seen for wall covering, cozy corners and other decorations; the most arfg of wWte
Its the weather we nave been \yau- Ta;wstry 40c yd. It's for furniture coverlns: sensible, too It \ s especially fitted for a hall or den or library. Contractors or those who: are building their' own: <£rt*liTi™rt»i If* 36 la- wide, ibem*
ing for; keeping these opportunities j f Te^\f^ s f \V£*ir?c> *M™i homes and small dealers never had a better opportunity. 10c saved on every yard. 15o yd. instead, of 25c yd. ? l 1 lntjr -&£ SS CUt "
to give them to you when you would 40c yard . _ . „. , ,. \_ r tilna: Zj0 ° ? arda at 1OC 7 .', '*.¦.
be most glad to get them. But you , Art Creton at 15c \ard. > - ¦ Art Silkoline 12J6C Yard. , curuir. Bcmn.-sc yd. ss in. wide »tronK
uZ,.T*n\r<.~ tV>» m in itnrlcrstnnrf hmv Tapestry COc yd. Xcw Bagdad stripes, 10 • D ¦ . . " . and unusually pretty pattern* for naif
fta\C to see tnem to unaer&iana now new pieces of It. It's a hoavy quality for 6000 yards of it The Gobelin brand, and if you know 3000 yards here. Gobelin art silkoline and Oriental de- sash or full length curtains. 6c yd.
much It means The mere Statement curtato, rin «- ° r i0T art creton you know how good that Is. Any variety of pat- signs." pretty new patterns, swell for cozy corner or mantel curtain swl« 12Hc yd. 60 'pieces of whit.
J.OC Ribboil at ' 7 2C. arapmg e»z> corners, bfc.ju. terng and lpr j nRg< some in stripes and others in Oriental draping. Other flowered effects. 3C in. wide. Big variety Curtain «wlss7 88 la. wide, small end
;*? A n i*~ i\, a Art Muslin lie yd. Figured. GO pieces of It, and conventional designs; some of the lighter grounds. lioral at 12^c yd. medium. sized dots, for full lenxth cur- "^
Gives you no idea. \\ e are doing the |n gtrJ an(J conventional designs. designs, make pretty bed sets and laundry bags. 15c yd. _ . tains. It's unusual at 12*,c yd.
unusual to-morrow. \\ e want to get ac- Women like it to finish bed sets. Its . 25c Art Drapery at IOC. _ _ . • - r, 7 s r S
quainted with more of you, want more 30 in. wide, at lie yd. T ,. , c:ii;«V:«'« ~~ Vn,,l • BraSS Ctirtaift KOCIS 0}AC.
of you to come to Hale 1 * regularly for figured bllkOlUie /C Yard. ;:, i t - s a linene art drapery. 3000 yards of it; sturdy, close- ~Z> r **JZ v L L«,,L
ribbons. .Art Dcnlm 20e yd. Ifs plain, but In & ly woven stuff* especially adapted to . furniture covering: O4 3<^? °J> JZSZ ite SSer
Another reason. We want a record pretty shades of red. blue, green or 5000 vards of it 3S in. wide; flowered or striped designs. pretty for cottage curtains; in the. new cashmere stripes and ** *i s i5* r^ fn T sized window 6»ic
ribbon day Monday. We have forgotten Jjrown. If. a heavy s-oz. quality. Ifs It . s ° O t^ O e >"^ s ° tr onk thread that makes it so suitable for harp designs. You can see how unnsual it is; much better SrteJSf «5 loL ST window- b^c
profits. 'They are the best values we I ~ uc >a - '¦ | comforter coverings. It's pretty for draping, too. 7c yd. than we can tell you. 18e. yd. I I
have ever had." says our ribbon man. , ''¦,"."
Tliey certainly are, but look at this — ~—
5-in. Satin Taffeta 22c yd. ,c- n Franri<;rn'<; Mn«;r PvtPtiCivp Di<.Dlav - Hale's downstairs store brings women an unusual
Why. we have been selling it right , Odil ridllUiLUS IMUil LAicllilvc.UKpmjr . o^ : ,
along at 39c. It's that firm, lovely rib- '^*.-- r^v /T»tf? ; V^ ¦ B S ° Jk_ M / . Oik J • • J
sj.^^^.ss^rSjsskerfs Wew Cotton Orcss Stuffs ~ K.iTcncn\V3rfiC)n'nnf > Tiiri-irV-
in plain colors: the prettiest shades of llVlW VvitVBl I^B V«J*J V4.MB y^ fl. H IL' '^ fi fi -tt A V? fLJL EL *& V-r BL/ \J Vf ML V*' ttrfl. JIL JL Si W J
piuk. white, light blue, cardinal, cream, " ¦"' JL JL
lilac and black and white. A ribbon that • DoHio«-i+ W/'S+l-* Roa««f-*r t*' r" * r u \ -.«
is never sold under price. No reason for • , KHQlcini W 1 III DcaU ly - It S for a twofold purpose.
sKe'voiiomernJmoreff umuai 0 c %%¦ ' xr ,• •, „ u , t a h,^ v ' First— To get more of you in touch with the helpfulness of bur downstairs store.
W^Z&WMM l^i| l^gi^il thcse 1 BircK£S ' Stransky Enamelware I ' xitchenware
* in.t^a O f 40c— Ginghams, dimities, etamines. in the new shades. Beauty you will not want to fi rst - appearance in San Francisco. Women won't let it go when . T he Bargains
A rt lt's a h Jvy r^bon C Slored grounds. miss getting first pick from. You will find all the new stuffs here. Economy t £ . hQw d|fferent We knew yQU wou , d ,j ke .£ We The most attractive we have had
with three white stripes, embroid- Ir. every one and some bargains they brought with them. J ¦",,,., r .„¦'/•¦•¦¦, .... . , . , in many a day.
ered in black dots, black and white. ~> n r\n, \/j ' r* u m \/j knew you would think more of Hales for bringing it to you. And its Dust pan. 9c— It's a regular 20c one.
e +< tO °" « «.«.«««« •»«,>„„,« 22c_5 in 3000 Yds. Gl ngham a . lOc Yd. here now, table after table full downstairs ready for you to see and Japanned. Made extra strong.
Satin and Oro* Grain Ribbons, -2c — a in. o .p, ,.,., » .... Every woman should have a new
wide; never sold regularly under It - S the «. ame g i ng ham other stores are selling at 12y>c yard. It's in the new pat- examine and choose from this week. If you want more of it from day to one now. 9c.
T«fu C inow' e w^ u°e 0d all 0 bows free in the terns, almost endless variety, so if you are thinking of the little girl's dress day you will ahvays find it at Hale's. lltSSI 7»
latest ways. or new aprons, or anything you can use gingham for. think of Hales to- Every useful shape is here; pots, kettles, ladles and pans, all" of the cover. It's especially. well made;
Dm^rOlT^e ->*r morr 7 a "f these at 1OC f r< | d • very best steel. It has been dipped four times That makes the enamel Fold i n | fSSg? 1 {JR a
PlIlQW Z6C 1 '^ ~ T ZTTc f tWiCC 3S thkk 3S y ° U U5U3lly gCt> and bCtter - AnalyZCd "^ S Uaranteed KJ i h r^fn y g tO on haV Ea t s°y d ?o y S r t
Xot PillO'V Tops but Pillow Slips and figure Patterns. oOITlC INCW OlUllS perfectly free from -impurities; so hard even acid won't dissolve it. It's . away: takes little space.
" Ml readv to slip the pillow in. IK^ ytrd Xew°and Representative is this ornamental, too. Marbleized blue on the outside and porcelain finish on M^2S&%J^? 1 fc o S ! : 2ild?toeJ
They're fn "those bright Turkish pat- Slff'iUtV^o.fe^errSior^Sd'ta the inside " Costs more ' y es ' but »S chea P er in the lon S gn in the extra JSfow^eS"' ' lon » w -- th " - **•
terns with tassels on eacli corner; the an >' variety of patterns. se(?n We thoug h t i t was w00 l un- wear and service it will give. Every piece is perfect. But come, see it Sleeve irons, 45c instead of 60c— Made
very thing for the cottage or to take Galatea cloth. 15o yard. 200 pieces of it. til we felt it. So will you. It's an t Hp« arp nrirp?- ' fcr dainty work.
«^fh vn i w th» rnnntrv Stnrdv ones It's a sturdy cloth, for outing suits invisible check material, sheer, at to-morrow. Were are prices. Porcelain jars. 18c— With cover.
\\itn\ou to me counur> . oium> u"« and chl i dren > s SC hool dresses. It's 35c yard. - They're what you want In the
to throw around the lawn or to use 27 inches wide. Gun metal etamines, 25c. It's the Teapots, $1.10. 2-qt. size, handy shape; Soup pot, $1.60. Will hold 12 quarts; kitchen to keep prunes, rice. tea.
in the hammock. Good time to buy Linen suiting 25c yard It's 27 inches new color cotton etamine, 34 inches you can use them for coffee. has cover and two side handles. coffee and other stuffs in. They
half dozen or so to-morrow at Hale's. wide. Strong material; in gray, nile. wide. You ran scarcely tell It from Tea k ' ettles ?1 co _ Xo . 7 sIze; good sized Sauce pan> 45c ; A 2 t „ d one keep them dry. Regularly 35c.
23c each. -v \ . , A f\ nnn „ 25c a yard— and how comfortable it one and easy to clean. Chamber pails. $1.95. Will hold 10 qts. Frying pans 13c— Regularly "lc
Pillow slips. 39c— It's a novelty. Its Figured batiste. 10c yard 5000 .yards of will be for summer. Pitcher, 85c. 2-qt. one. Milk kettles. SOc. Will hold 2 quarts. Acme steel; those with cold han-
ssJu-a.'sissrffit-.'is; ¦%^%^2£ws&& &steHafeii. i j!SgSS^i sgss&ai? pan - " c - -^ onc ssffiisass^ia^s® c^ffrs^sst f ssu m 9^w lu ,
P1..S, *8&!® to flll. with We bo|o^SSS !0c yard. 27 .„*«. wide: '^r^m^ *& »«^ «»«: „,.. hold „ »» '"^ <"J™ " »» *>¦ OU JSRSf ...15. The X,, Horn.
designs that look like hand painting. £ dark co i o *J.. for outing suits and chil- shirts and women's outing suits. Stew pan, 5oc. It s a deep one; will hold Milk pans, 35c. 3-qt. ones. wlth two burners, guaranteed to
Something very similar we have dren's wear. Perle de soie, 3Sc yard. It's a new 3 quarts. Lipped kettle, $1.60. It's a lC-qt- one, be smokeless and odorless; 10-in.
: seen selling in other stores at 4Sc. stuff, with all tl;e shimmer and lus- Egg pans, 20c. Handy little things, to with cold bail handle. top. $1.15 Instead of $1.75.
Bur^l^S. lie. Ifs «f n,™., linen Madras, 7 C. igMM 5&2SSKB it'wflil "^eTinT^^n"^,. ta .
either stamped or plain, with fringed i t ' s 27 inches wide, in the prettiest But we are doing the unusual to- Pudding pans, oOc. 1%-qt. ones. . \v ail soap dish. «5c. It has a drainer. dleJJ . .
ends, size 18x50, several designs, at stripes, checks and plaids; for men's morrow, so it's 3Sc yard. W indsor sauce pans, $1.00. They re 5-qt. Soup ladle. 25c. • Steak pounders. 10c — Of porcelain.
25c. shirts- all good colors. 7c yard. ' size, with cover. Teapot, 95c. 2-qt.; in the new shape. »
Dresser sets, 29c — Regular 45c ones. • ¦¦ ¦ ¦ v/,' ¦','>.'•
Made of white swiss, with a ruffle of — —
c^^S^S^^S^Sl! There's "summer" to every thread of these. ¥VQQ ShampOO This Weather Is Suggesting
And °draw braids for lace collars"; prices ' Tuesday, J VcdflCs'day, Til lirsday | • f. -i. ' C« +*% «- #• I T *% A Am Y£±+% «*"*(
te.^^s^^ss^sas Msy>u*xU*& Qin'iBVnnpQ and Fnday-Four Days \ LigfUt bummer Underwear'
shad^^romsc^iolyafd. 11 metaI l«llJllClII Oo >l51CI1I^I fl 1 1 WO To every one who make? a SO c pur - Hale's have some unusual opportunities this week for women and chil-
rp, r i r i • _ chase from our hair tonics or sham- dren. • ' .Jv , r V;. v- ¦ ,'-*
TVT/^+irk n pvfr'QC tavorea taDncs. poos it's done to get more of you The new style balloon garments offer the greatest comfort. They're
rXOUUII CAirct& To sce them at their best see them at H a le' s . acquainted .with our hair dressing light, cool and easy to wear. .
I€ s the little savings that count Sce , ., • . , , department, the facilities it has and At Balloon Suits — Misses V ests 2$C —
WH^J^fiW™^™ The best English weaves The Enghsh weavers have nihented a knack the better way we do things. g^ ribbed 'white lisle thread. White lisle, ribbed, high neck. lon K
no~u} liaie s neipyouiomurru^. of combin j ng beauty and durability that cannot be successfully copied. . with low neck and no sleeves. sleeves, sateen oand down the
B " t^o 1 f° t 3 t t°rSng 6C cot^n. *^~^ Because they have such a soft, silky luster, because they will not crush Beautiful Wedding Gifts in This J u ¥tf seams, fi Sn^'yea^"^
0 " 011 ' 3 Sp °° lm l0r 5 and because they shed the dust so perfect they are the favorites for the - c«le Tnilet Set<5 to hear of, especially at 50c. Children's Garments ifc each
ujSSSKSi Thread. 4 Spool. 5c- shirt waist suits, the tailor .owns or skirts. Let's look at prices. Sale I I llCt bCtS Re^r
o V ««t °2 y «»«oi vds to the 50 in. black— 50c 54 in. black— ? 1.50. 50 in. navy— $1.25. . BtUSIt, KsOnW, Mirroi. and 6. . Ribbed and shaped white summer
SP °°^t/^~^ s Z 1 5 5t!n:SK! c 6o: ro^^-llc 00 - B&]SS5?feS s T o hrec t pieces to each set " ReRular More Balloon Suits 75*- • " f^ ,S2~ Ve « n \n£
*rSl?^ t KdVr^i« 1 S 5 °- Sma11 ' me ' " in. black_$1.25. 50 in. navy-$1.00. 36 in. C ream-50c. $3-oO sets^ U and . of lenj^lace Wmged.'. Sizes 6 to
tarire White Pearl Button.. 9c doz.— . ' \ At $2 00 bet white lisle, splendidly made, low .,,*.. f . TT ,.
isas^S^fS^tM Other New Spring Weaves . _ ¦&$£- Menno Unde ™ car
i Black, whito. tan, brown, gray. . wish f « d^ la^ ou s nd Fr^ e c a h r/ b^{| Sizes 4. 5 and 6. ,5c 2 8c. SlZC 2O— -
' w^™i^?o «kf aP \Vaved or stralKhf 16 That get first showmR to-morrow: has splendid bristles, with burnt wood Union Suits 7sC Medium weight, plain natural gray
' WT '£isF Cl Sc^o»uin waved VOILES AND VENETIANS come first and in all the new spring Tu- . Colored uf ri bbe d and haped SSff^ !t S^1ff rfSS^Piffi
! "^tralS^r^nVww^Sftlns. * * colors. Here's a 37 in. voile at 5 oc, 42 in. voile at 75c and a 41 .in. one at We the value. -They are $2,00 instead of j buttoned down the front h gh^or ., et and . drawers with sateen
I Saf MWIA l?££ PlatCd - A light and beautiful material. i.75 instead of $ 3.00^A three-piece , plffiffi%tffil^ \ 5£. 28? JSfiiffSd ff
1 ««. w^i' Sen lS [^r^-In black 4S-in. black and colored Venetians; $1.25 qualities are $1.00. set. with Dresden china backs, those black. Sizes 4. 5 and b. lshed . slze 20— 23c; 23— 31c; 24-
i Sid^d 0 "olo^ PP frr er wom^. Pr^ In Beautiful Coition Broadcloth._52 in. wide, even- color and black. $1.00 yard. '^^^ir^i^&^SS'^A Womdi >S Vests l6c— , iifS^ffeSfc^!? 8 *
\^^P^!$Bi£B in. wide. . fiS^l^li^ »gn d t: Wo,ne,t>sUndervear 39 c-
! Darner., 2c each— They are enameled. black. ' «, Tvfnntt Vests ocr cream colored vests, high neck.
I Tailor.' Tape Measure., a for 5c — 60 in.. Every color is here now in Hale's Boyal taffeta, at 53c yard. It's the best Fnnrv Dpe«»« Net^ *'¦'¦ ~ ; \ 1 * , lo _ n ?, sleeves, trimmed with silk
I printed on both sides. silk we know of. • dnK *J U. 1 >' 5 *^ ' N r UC> Ribbed cream white, wrapper style. shell stitching. pearl buttons.
Velvet Fin Cu.Mon., 5c each— Assorted It's an importer's overstock. open down the front, pearl but- covered seams. Pant, ankle
2S BrfirsTpiece, 6-yd. piece.- ' ? Just 75 pieces of the regular $1.00 Sths^r^yearr^c Sl26S 6 :¦ W^f^.?^ 1^ SUe3
! Plain and fancy feather-stitched de- f\ £\ CZ Vm 4- 4r A £X Sl.25 to $2.50 net W« 11 sell
1 WhitT-Tape, lc Piece. 4-yd. piece-All / JtXV II 00618 SL I 4 V C At48cYard .. XJl /":
widths. i -7- V"i; - , ,,' ¦-,' , , . <f >r 1 <¦ But U10 host part of it is they're, the V^^kZ^^/ . /£s/ ___ Jf^
Corset Steels, 5c pr. — Blac»c and drab, Thcv're bleached. If you want tneni unbleached, they re aoc. Made of newest and most popular styles now and V§2§Zl3EI2^^3K»£y &^3m&> /£?/ 7%r'^l£P££&
4-hook. strong sheeting, yet not stiff and uncomfortable. Size 81x00 is 54c; will be the coming -summer. Silk Brus- nT^^ll 1 lif^lf^ f^f 1 tiWT^^ ifUtt
S^SS 1^ 3'e.k?. for 5c unbleached. 4QC. Bargains worth coming a long way to share this week. seKs.^^and gjn.-; wid^blac^^n /^ f$W f (^^^§g^
, , re-. - „' Bleachod sheets, 45c. Size 54x90. Hemstitched sheets. 55c. Sizo 54x00. rinKs. .squares and (lowers; large t-m- /£!s¥/ JJS***I -^^ . ' __^^^^"•*^*^
(f&JtEZ -43/ ___-. /&/' These are hemmed. There arc Bleached! Think of them as hem- broidered stripes, cross stitching and /MW - S
Jt^ 1 /*V '*^ ) *^ \ other sizes, every one made of a. stitched, and then think of the Point d'Esprit. Suggestive for a whole jr**±*if 0^^ «u98S3u<^l«^
/tSr Mf <^W l &^'*t3=^ ZScii^ splondid qualitv of shoetinff. with prie.^. We have never .seen one as dress, or waist or skirt or even haj trim- f*" 1 •^i^nBiB^lj**^*^"^ *UB9KLBE*Or^*0
jffl MByS^ "^<^ a two-inch hem, up to 90x90, at low before. Size 63x90, COc; 72x90. ming. Just 76 pieces. So don't be late. ¦"» IWidJtmamma^mammmK^^^^^