¦" ST.; PETERSBURG, April - 10.— The
Czar '' is being . strbngly urged by his
Ministers to declare war against China.
Even "the Russian "Minister . to Pek
ing, who, prior to the outbreak of the
present .war, .was frieridlv ..to the Chi
nese Government. Is besieging the Rus
sian ruler to take ur> arms against the
Mongolian race: . He says that, as • the
Chinese are disaffected toward Russia
their race hatred should be brought
clearly into the light and made to take
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Will Force Moh*
gobtoTafce
/ Up Arms.
Russia to Pose
as White j^jace
Champion;
CZAR IS STRONGLY URGED
TO DECLARE WAR AGAINST
CHINESE EMPIRE AT ONCE
War '• News Continued - on - Page 3*
¦'] - BRAZIL,^Ind., ; -April ? 1 0.-^-It^ is H . rei
ported J here ?to^night;that '.the- hbistin'sr
engineers "rat ?a-' /secret^ meeting-^ voted
to withdraw, from'itheirvowri'orgariiza-*
tioh^ and? join? the United*Mihe>Work
erB . - ; : ¦ * ...
New "Allies fT MJne'- Workers.
I .,'; ROLLING : F^QRKS,! Mis&.',|April llO:
—It' is ; reported 1 . to-riightt that ;av por
tion: of the 1 levee Vat ' 'Gales 5 Head has
caved' .m,» k seriously,? impairing s '« the'
strength of the embankment and caus;
ing '; grave ; fears ', of • a; crevasse. ' Large
forces "-i of are : engaged .' in rein
forcing* the levee.,- ;
Break in. Levee -Causes Fear.
SONOMA. April - ! 10.— "Wild \ Flower
bay,"'whlch was inaugurated herelait
year,, by/the California 'Northwestern
Railway . to make * known Jthe : beauties
of; this valley, was observed -here to
day. /Six of S6no*ma;i Valley's jpretty
young* girls, the Misses Eastman,; Glse, ;
Reed. Fochettl, : Carriger "and i Lahgrebe,*
attired; in .white rcostumes, .distributed
to - the passengers 1 on .; this afternoon's
train bouquets of , beautiful'- .wild flow
ers.,,.. ..:.- : . . . - ->'w.
Wild Flowers for the Passengers
/Ariz., ; April .lO.-^Tom iHpp
klns.i secretary; of therArizona" Rangers,'
and who' is >' returning i to Phoenix, re
ceivedra'telegram.to-day sadvlslngthim
that Road" Overseer. Scanlon'^of^Douelas
was : killed in { a"'guri ; fight : at that? place
last % night iby. * a"v man , named ."-.Walton
and^thatDatelGraham^a'.formerjOfncer
of the' ranger.force,' was' fatally shot by
Constable Holt. r.^ Details cannot 1 be ob
tained at this ; time.' •• '• ' - - ' •*:.- ¦' i-
Road ¦ Overseer :' Loses : His '*¦ LIf e > and
• ' ' Former"? Officer of Rangers'*;
". '"..'.;'-"/¦ •"/.'-.' Is" 'Shot:" ; ,.- r ¦-..;"- v -.!- : '
ARIZONANS IN BATTLE .
¦£}:-: ?>•>' WITH? GUNS AT
' ¦ Mine. ' Pourep is ' thirty-three years ot
ager was ' reared ' under, the j patronage
of 'thelate, Emperor;Alexander>III; i«
•»* fine ¦ horse woman.\«a'good;shot and
handles : the > rifle, . revolver , and "¦ swore
equally vwelKr also' is a qualirtec
Red : Cross 'nurse, but '¦; she says ther«
areVenough /women I nurses and she
wants to show that 'a woman can'fight
- -. ST. PETERSBURG^ April. 10.^ — Th3
Warf Ministry. *:has ; granted . the appll
dation'^6? T Madame : Pdurepv 'daughter
of. Colonel ;Maxibwc6ndurow, t ,who de
sired .to be enrolled in a.'Cossackresi
ment.*; The 'Ministry, has ordered hex
enrollment in the First. Regiment ,oJ
'Riflemen.""..". ' ; ' ' .".
Will \ Serve AVith. Cossacks.
Protege; of the.. Late Czar Alexandei
WOMAN ENLISTS IN :AR3IY.
Camden, Union and Sussex Counties
Several counties have yet to hold '< pri
maries, but the conservative wing of
the party has already' elected -enough
delegates -to insure , the overthrow of
Hearst's .aspirations. Up to date he
has only thirty-five delegates to the
State convention. -v r
REDDING,' April 10.— A sensation
occurred yesterday .in the . second trial
of A. S. Hammans v f or . the.. killing." of
Leno > Lopez at VHarrison Gulch.' Five
days • were : occupied I in , ; securing a ? jury
and the. taking (of testimony t com
menced* yesterday.- -During; the 7 day . J.'
G. Martin, \ a' juror In the case;. received
a - bundle of copies, of -one issue -of a
newspaper^ published in. '- Cottonwood, 4
In ( this ; county.- ; In •_' the i paper : appears
an item;. concerning^ '.the; trial that "Is
considered ,' prejudicial \ to the
defense.- : juror; reuorted . the inci
dent an the" matter-* is now ; being;. In
vestigatcdrv v . :.i:)^_ -v\:, ¦•';¦:¦¦ \
NEWSPAPERS ARE SENT : n
TO SHASTA COUNTY JUROR'
SALT LAKE, ' April 10.— Traveling
a distance of 337 miles, the cat came
back. This feline , adventurer ; is; red
and is known by the name of Tom. He
belonged to J. j M. West of Salt Lake
City. Three weeks ago to-day he stole
a fish from the . kitchen. . West feared
he was getting . into bad;, habits , that
might be disastrous to some chickens
he expected would soon emerge from
the» incubator, sp*he',put Tomlntoa
bag and concealed him under the seat
In the day: coach in .the San Pedro,
Los Angeles ' and Salt - Lake | Railroad.
The cat was taken to Callentes, Nev.;
before he was , discovered and? turned
loose. To-day, weak: and . emaciated,
he appeared at West's home -and
begged - for , food, i His request :: wsu>
granted. * He had., traveled across' two
mountain ranges and "many miles of
desert. ':. .¦ " -.'¦¦¦¦,¦-. :; -.' ,:-. ., ¦-: " -
Salt Lake Man Takes Feline 337
Miles From Home, but It Suc
' creeds in Returning.
CAT COMES BACK ACROSS /
MOUNTAINS, AND DESERT
OMAHA, April 10.— Julius Krutt
schnltt, whose wife was in the
wrecked street car at Santa
Barbara,' received^ a telegram
to-night stating that beyond a rather
severe shock she was uninjured.
Kruttschnitt, however, feared the shock
might prove more serious than report
ed. -His wife was severely Injured in
a similar, accident, from the; effects of
which she - has hardly recovered, and
he fears. that to-day's accident may re
sult in a. nervous shock.
Krattschnitt Has Fears.
SANTA BARBARA, April 10.— The
Coroner's jury In the streetcar accident
case to-night submitted a verdict after
an inquest lasting more V than four
hours. , The verdict is as follows:
"We, the Jury, find that the deceased
came to their deaths by the breaking
of a I brake , beam casting on the car,
whereby the motorman lost control of
the car, which turned over at the corner
of Garden and Mission streets in the
city^ of Santa Barbara, and we do here
by, exonerate the conductor and motor
man from any criminal liability."
The condition of the injured is no
worse. . _
Verdict of the Coroner's Jury Is That
Accident Was Unavoidable.
'exonerates the motormax.
' "There being.no appeal from this de
cision/ Italy and /Austria 'decided to
complete ¦¦ the < accord obtained Uhroueh
the meetingat^Naples of Emperor Wil-,
Ham"* and ' King ,' .Victor Emmanuel. ': in
whose rtoasts," contrary ;to. other . similar
manifestations,-, Emperor. Francis /Jo
seph; was. cordially f alluded\ to.; : Beside;
this* meeting >-at. -.Abazzia, • which'?; oc
curred' in- one of 'the: Italian provinces
subject' to Austria,: Is to s be -.understood
as | Italy!s "formal -renunciation- of ; this
province." '. V . - ; • • ..'.., -v ; - >'¦
¦ ' Bad • Austro-Itallan; feeling. in, 4 which
there Is a 'risk' of checking; the -work of
diplomacy, has been aroused by^ an; in
cident .which i occurred awhile Ithe » meet
ing between J the , Ministers ! at Abazzia
was ¦_. taking . place. . s . The ¦ Italian : steam-'
ship 'hMolfettai^n. arriving^at ,Cattaro
(a- fortified fseaport;,inV'4 the
province of pa.lmatia),\was approached
by, Austrian . gendarmes^'who , said > they
wished! to inspect v the vessel. v The cap
tain! of i the ' Molfetta; refused | to * allow"
the ~i gendarmes "';to ;~ come ';? on v.' board \i if
they ? carried ¦ arms/; : and ; : ' the V soldiers
threatened u to ..-.; attack -Uhe> ,' ship. ; ;The
captain i displayed ; the" Italian j flasr-'over
the v gangway;:^ when - ;the < 'gendarmes
were ordered g to \ flrel } Before f the -order
could, be rcarriedjlnto.effectithe, captain
yielded "i in a order,*to « avoid -blood shed."
The Italian Government .will ; this
affair.-to: the j attention, of .'the .Austrian
Government 'and? ask !fdr.'an v explana-*
tlon.: '";:; ?.r'; '¦':¦ V.: • CC' - ' ' " - '>*'¦'¦ " ; :
"The resurrection: of the: agitation in
Italy, In whichV the agitators claimed
the Italian "provinces^ stiir under v Aust
tria, so r strained -'the relations of „ the
two • countries- that they "were , several
times on^ the; point r of declaring [war.
Austria-was indignant -when Italy pro
tested J to ; the | Emperor . of i- Germany.'
who, according, to th6 triple alliance,"! is
the: arbiter ot Austro-Italian disDUtes.
The ; Emperor * decided Italy I was
wtohg j in 5 not repressing the ¦ anti-Aus
trian> jmovement '> and '• 4' that; "'Austria
would 'be wrong, if she ? tried 1 to
Albania' and thus conflict' with Italian
interests. - - y;-: •. : .[- : J.K f- ¦' '"¦¦ -vV".--" V,-j ' : ;¦
ROME, April 10.— Sighor i Tittoni. " the
Italian Foreign j Minister, "in 'an
view to r day., said .that i he, and'. Count
Goluchowski, the Austrian' . Foreign
Minister,'; were "entirely /satisfied .with
their meeting at Abazzia yesterday.- the
result of which he .w'ould;. communicate
to : Parliament. ;. The jfollo'winE: tele
graphed from .Vienna, Ho .the' 'Inde
pendente caused a sensation: . • . i . v
The Times'' correspondent : at sea,
cabling' on ""April 9,".via "Weihaiwel, re
ports ,a : typhoon '."'. lasting two ' days,
which prevented naval operations. .
A-Chefu, dispatch,' .which reached
JLondon', by, way of Rome, asserts that
the;- Japanese squadron, with ¦ twenty
steamers,' .. was seen making for ; Port
Arthur/. ,. '. '.- "¦ : ¦ ' " -. ¦ ". " ' '^:r'.
'/The squadron of : Admiral .Wirenius
left Cherbourg yesterday for the Baltic.
On the' occasion pf-Easter the Czar
conferred ;, 5 numerous decorations ; and
promotions "jupon naval and army com
manders prominent In the -war: !
¦ . Marquis Ito,' President of the Japan-,
ese'Privy Council,' was given a banquet
at Tokio on~ Saturday. , He announced
the success; of his. mission in establish
ing cordial relations between the Jap
anese and Korean courts and said that
atrhis -Government's he^^ had
drawn - up ' an , elaborate V report on
Korean 'political needs.
"The 'Japanese, papers ridicule ,the idea
of -the ;-Ru-~~ian;Baltic£ Sea i squadron
ever reaching the Far^Eastia'nd; dojnbt
believe ": .thatjit ' will 1 even; make . the', at
.tempt. 1 -" - "•/' ":>',;¦' *';'- ' : "v -¦¦.''¦- "'- ¦:.- \ l~
.Special. Cable to The Call and. New York Her
aid. Copyright. 19t>4. by the ¦ Newr Yoflt
¦.Herald Publishing Company., -• - 'i ¦'.:.¦
. PINGYANG, March 18.— Everything
points to the Japanese advance north
_ward ( now. assuming more serious pro
portions. To-day 3000 men and eight
guns left here f or. An ju, where General
Sasaka has 'taken . command, General
Eriouye remaining at, Pingyang. . The
place, of the.departing troops Jias been
taken by others arriving' daily.. ,'
Ice Jias ¦ practically disappeared from
the river at Pingyang, allowing < the
completion of pontoon bridges and also
permitting. .a .light' , draught Korean
steamship from 3 Chenampho -to come
within five miles of: this city, thus es
tablishing an. easy. means i of communi
cation between' Chenampho, the j great
landing point, and Pingyang, -the great
"base. ; - '-*-•;•' - : '¦ —'.'-;- '¦¦*•:.':¦ > ;
LONDON, April • 11.— A correspondent
of .the -Times at Chef u says that, 2000
Russian artillerymen, with sixty guns,
arrived at Newchwang ".on" Thursday
¦ last.^- .'¦-.,','. ...•;¦'"'•"•"• ¦:;,;":'¦ I "'
Prevent Strife- : Be-
Meen Af stria ;
Rapid Advance of
Japccnese.to
r The . plan . which, : in this eventuality,
will be carried . out by Russia is \ de
scribed in. military spheres here as fol
lows: Peking, Tientsin, Tungchow and
Mongolia would be annexed to Russia
on the one hand,. and the war would be
suddenly changed into a great struggls
"between the yellow and white races . on
the other, Russia becoming the author
ized champion of, the. latter.
| The chief advisers of : his Majesty are
said to hold I that, unless by measures
of. this- kind the oversea, trade to China
be monopolized by. Russia,, the oppor
tunity will slip by 'forever, because,
once the canal has been com
pleted, v the- United/ States, as the great
Pacific power, : will resolutely veto
every effort * to seize ,'. the commercial
markets of ' China by means of territo
rial; aggrandizement- . ;-\
the form, of open" hostilities, '.which
would warrant Russia in. carrying out
her policy in the Far East much more
effectively than ever before. . He aver*
that Russia has everything to gain by
open war with China and much to lose
by her involuntary neutrality. That
being so, it is taken. for granted in po
litical 1 circles here, as well as in mili
tary spheres.' that Lessar will compel
China to show her hand to some pur
pose, and that in the very near future
war will be declared between . the two
countries.
Repeated protests have been made by
the Russian Minister at Peking against
the- dispatch or Chinese troops beyond
the great wall and he has ¦ threatened
that, unless they • are speedily with
drawn, China will be treated as a bel
ligerent. ' As a matter of^ fact, these
protests and threats are mere provoca
tions, because the district of .LJantse,
which lies outside . the great wall/ and
belongs • to Manchuria, was . formally
and- expressly returned to '. China by
Russia in October, 1902, . and belong*,
therefore to neutral .China and should
be • accordingly protected by Chinese
troops. ' ¦.»'..'
¦ Another provocative act of the Rus
sian Embassador . is the ; establishment
of a special Russian, mission, appoint
ed for the • purpose of.' superintending
the neutrality of Chinese troops. That
measure is regarded here as an endea
vor to " drive China * Into overt . acts of
war. •" . ._..'.. .' _¦ . ':
As a reward for the laugh Bowman
gave Donahue part of his land. ;The
latter has just learned that a coal
vein worth $1,000,000 has been dis
covered there. &;'; .
POTTSVILLE.- Pa., April 10. — A
hearty laugh has won an estate valued
at $1,000,000 for John Donahue, a
resident of Tremont. Several years
ago, while he was prospecting in the
Cumberland Mountains of Bell County,
Ky., he met a man -named Bowman,
who owned a large tract of • land.
Bowman had had a quarrel with a
desperado. and the latter had drawn a
revolver to shoot 'when Donahue
laughed— a loud, harty, infectious
laugh. The. desperado, in his astonish
ment, dropped his weapon and Bow
man escaped. , .
Pennsjivanian Whose Boisterous Mer
riment Saved a Life Is Richly
Rewarded. ¦
HEARTY IiAUG II YIELDS
HIM A 3IILX.ION DOLLARS
STATESMEN
CONFER AND
AVERT WAR
An unusually large crowd was at
tending services at the. Mission, the
occasion being the first "muss said by
Father . Florian Zettel, who was or
dained last week. When service was
over the crowd made a dash for the
car waiting at the top of the grade,
and in a moment it was loaded to the
steps, the passengers being crushed
against one another in the aisles.
The heavily laden car started and
had not gone a block before it got be
yond the control of the motorman. The
supposition is that he did not realize
the dangerous speed of the car until
it was too late to stop the headway. At
the first curve the car lifted, but set
tled down again, but so great was the
speed that a dozen „ persons . were
hurled off at the turn. It was not un
til this hair-raising -turn was made
that the passengers, mostly women and
children, realized the danger, and a
panic at once began. The shrieking
women made frantic efforts to get to
the doors. Motorman. Kelton applied
the full force of the air and locked the
wheels and Conductor Newell set the
hand brakes, but th« heavy load and
the momentum caused the car to slide
with unabated speed. As a last re
course Kelton reversed the current,
but even this had ¦ no effect, whatever,
and almost before the passengers re
alized it the car struck the second
curve and turned turtle, sliding on its
side into the curb and bringing up with
the roof against a telegraph pole.
The shock hurled every one on the
outside of the car into the' air and
when they struck the ground the car
Itself slid over them, crushing. and
grinding them under. its weight. . Those
inside the car were not badly hurt, the
The end of the street car line is situ
ated almost at the gates of the Mis
t-ion, a steep hill extending for about
two blocks to a sharp curve. The grade
continues for another block and then
takes another sharp turn on to Garden
street. It was at this second curve
that the accident occurred.
DISASTER AT A CURVE.
At 11:50 o'clock a car carrying about
120 passengers got beyond the -control
of the motorman, and after, a .mad race
down the steep grade, left thi* 'rails at
the second curve encountered, and
turned- completely over, burying its
load of human freight beneath a mass
of splintered wood and twisted iron.
Four persons were killed outrisht and
over a score were seriously injured.
One lived only a few hours.
The wreck was a frightful one and
several of the willing helpers who were
soon on the scene fainted at the shock
ing sight. The car was one of up-to
date construction and thoroughly
equipped. ! It was almost new. having
been on the road only about a week.
It was in charge of Victor Kelton. an
experienced motorman of good stand
ing with the company, and William
Newell, conductor. The car was as
large as any in use in the State and
similar to those generally operated for
long suburban trips* It was fitted with
air brakes, as well as the heavy ratchet
hand brakes.
SANTA BARBARA, April 10.— A trol
ley car accident which resulted fatally
for five persons and in which nearly
thirty mort were injured occurred this
morning near the Old Mission, a car
load of worshipers returning from
church being dashed to the ground by
the overturning of the car at a sharp
curve. :
"I can't account for it at all," said
he. "As soon as I saw that the car
was going too fast I put on the air
and then the hand brakes and the re
verse, but although the wheels locked
they wouldn't hold. I think I did
everything I could to stop the car."
Several priests from the Mission
hurried to the spot to give spiritual
consolation to the dying and one of
the Fathers fainted at<he sight. Many
of the onlookers were overcome.
The street railway here is owned
and operated by the Edison Electric
Company of Los Angeles. Experts ex
plain the accident by saying that the
rails were not large enough for the
heavy car and its great load, weigh
ing in all about forty-five tons, and
that once It got out of hand nothing
could have stopped it. They believe
the brakes acted well and that the
motorman did all he could to prevent
the disaster.
Motorman Kelton was among those
injured, being badly cut about the
head, but he was able to give a state
ment of the affair.
STATEMENT OF MOTORMAW
sides and roof protecting them to a
great extent.
The neighborhood of New Mission
and Garden streets, where the acident
happened, is thickly populated "and the
screams of the panic-stricken and in
jured passengers brought ' a crowd to
the spot at once. Willing hands at
once started to raise the car, but al
most every one was ' made frantic by
the cries of those under the car, and in
stead of placing, the timbers . in the
proper places they were sent, against
Ux& panels ot the E\de_v Three ;tlnu£3 : iJvf
wood gave way when an attempt was
made to lift the weight. Finally the
proper leverage was obtained and the
car was pried partly up. •
A shocking spectacle was the" dis
closed. . ¦ James Smith had the too of
his head completely severed,- the up
per half lying several feet away from
the rest of the skull. By degrees or
der was restored and the wounded
¦were laid out on neighboring lawns
until doctors and ambulances arrived.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Terrible Disaster on Electric Line
in Santa Barbara.
shows that they are resenting 'his
claims of being their special candidate.
k 'In the ; primaries in this city there
were more labor votes cast against
him than for him, and there is no
likelihood that he will have a delegate
from this State."
SEW JERSEY FOR PARKER.
...TRENTON. N. J.. April 10.— The po
sition of the New: Jersey: Democracy
.In regard. to the Presidential campaign
can now be predicted by reason of the
primaries which have beenheld in sev
eral counties, and; because of the^ near
approach; of the. party's State conven
tion, which is to be held* ; here v next
Thursday. ¦ The indications are "that
Representative .. Hearst is the worst
beaten man who ever sought to control
the . votes of this , commonwealth. . His
advocates. will come to the convention
with practically no support, except in
NEW TORK, April 10.— Judge Park
er** nomination is conceded as inevita.
, bte by Dexaocrats throughout the na
tion who have followed the trend of
political events in the various States.
These men think the Hearst boom has
been wiped out and they say Parker
has beaten all records as an anti-con
vention candidate. The Parker senti
ment is crystallizing In Illinois, ¦where
Hearst was first in the field and thus
far hes been getting nearly all the
State, convention delegates.
A canvass of the situation in New Jer
sey shows that there is a strong lean
ing toward Parker and that, though
Hearst made a hard, fight, the delega
tion to the national convention un
doubtedly will go uninstructefl. Friends
of Hearst see a ray of hope in Connecti
cut, where, they say, the trend cf pop
ular favor is running in his direction.
Murphy, in an interview in Atlantic
City, intimated that in the Tammany
district conventions no references for or
against instructions would be made.
Thomas Taggart, national committee
man of Indiana, says that labor unions
j^sent Hearst's effort to pnt them. in
j'* political class by themselves, and '.
Judge Parker vrill have a solid dele
pation from his State.
ALL FLOCKING TO PARKER.
WASHINGTON, April 10. — Judge
Parker's boom for the Presidency is
breaking all political records. Reports
from all over .the United States show
B condition" unprecedented in the his
tory of the Democratic party. A man
j>r«icticalJy unknown outside of his
own State, but pictured as a conser
vative character who might unite the
party and win the thirty-nine electoral
votes of New York, is being taken on
trust by the Democrats of the nation.
It would seem to-night that the only
thing which cduld possibly defeat Par
ker's nomination would be a failure
of New York to instruct in the State
convention a week hence or a stam-,
l>ede for Grover Cleveland at St. Louis.
The almost certain prospect of New
York Giving instructions has practi
cally in one week wiped the Hearst
boom off the fa.ee of the earth. Hearst
has not even Kansas, though it gave
him a complimentary resolution.
Hearst has reached high tide in Ill
inois, where up to this time he had
Fwept everything before him. He has
been overwhelmingly defeated in such
primaries a» have been held in Indi
ana and there the delegates will be
instructed for Parker. Kentucky,
which was regarded as a Bryan
stronghold, has surrendered to the
Parker movement.
„ Th<? situation in the South remains'
unchanged. The South will be for
any conservative man whom New
York wants before' Hearst or any
other candidate supported by Bryan.
HEARST ANGERS THE UNIONS.
INDIANAPOLIS. April 10.— Thomas
Taggart. Democratic national commit
tieraan for Indiana, who has been con
ducting the fight against W. R. Hearst,
returned to French Lick this morning
and will take charge of the Parker
forces in Southern Indiana, in all coun
ties in which delegates to the State
convention -of May 12 have not been
polected. There will be a total of H37
delegates in that body. About one-half
ot these have now been selected and it
is estimated that 100 of this number are
for Hearst. In the counties in which
these delegates were obtained no fight
was made on Hearst and it is believed
that the active work of the Parker
men from now on will hold the Hearst
strength down to 150 in the convention.
Taggart has assumed the leadership of
the Parker men in the State on account
Of his extensive acquaintance and be
cause all th#> shafts of the Hearst men
have been aimed at him. Before leav
ing for French, Lick. Taggart talked
frr-ely of the outlook in this State.
"The Democrats of Indiana," he said.
•are for Parker and will send a solid
delegation to St. Louis for him. I Of th«
delegates already selected, Parker has
six out of seven and the- proportion will
be even greater in the number that re
main to be selected, for sentiment is
< rystalli2ing against Hearst and he is
not as ctrong as he was when he first
»'ntpied upon his Indiana campaign.
Th*» Democrats believe that Hearst and
Parker are the only two men whose
names will go before the convention,
and called upon to make a choice
between them they will go to Parker
as the only man who represents Demo-!
cratic principles and as the one that
will be Etrongest before the people.
•;One of the reasons for the change
of sentiment since Hearst's first in*
vasion of the State is found lnl the
methods that have been adopted by
his managers. They have appealed . to
classes rather than to men as Denio
oiats. and have tried to make the im
pression that there is a movement In
union labor circles all over the coun
try for his nomination. Even laboring
men do not like to be Bet off In this
vay as a class in politics, and the re
sult in union labor . centers, where
Hearst got only nine out of the forty
one delegates selected by labor votes.
Special Dispatch to The CUl
AbouL.10 p. m. . Mrs.. Anna Smith of
1014 Dolores street, '"as^-ilie was return
ing home from a visit to a neighbors
house, saw two '- men acting myste
riously In the vicinity of Frank -Kerz's
grocery, at .the,* southwest corner
o* Twenty-third and Dolores streets,
and she at once.telephoned*to the Sev
enteenth street'DOlice station. .
Patrolmen J. 11. Walsh and Augustus
J. Skelly started" at once' for the place
indicated, where* they ;, were v, to Id: that
the men had been ' seen loafing about
the grocery and-a new house in course
of erection a few *- ; doors farther ud
Dolores street. . ¦ : The . officers searched
the new building, .but; found, no one
there. Then they went -do wh - Twenty
third street and:. saw? two: men:, running
across to a -'vacant-Mot bn>the east side
of that street; a little below. Dolores..
Policeman Skelly shouted to the men
to halt, but they ran all the faster, and
when they had gone back a few feet in
the lot they turned and opened 'fire on
the officers. ,'SkeIly. and AValsK returned
thoi flri* andr<*tarfc?<l-«ii5t ¦pursuit lotjMiv
fugitives., " ' .yv-":v:"~ ";¦:;¦ -. -•.--.¦*
" The "vacant lot border^ oh ari: alley f
running through into'Twenty-second
street, and ..this ; way //of escape ..was
taken by the hunted ; men, who suc
cessfully distanced' their pursuers. .
• A large; crowd of 'people collected
immediately,' attracted by the sound
of a dozen" or more shots that were
flred, but no j one . could . be found I who
saw the fugitives after they disap
peared-in the alley. Mrs. Smith, who
gave the alarm, declared that the men
were masked. , She suspected | they
were planning to hold up Kerz's store.
A shooting match; bet ween two sus
picious characters Vand. two policemen
occurred last 'night 'at * Twenty-third
and Dolores streets. The - police es
caped without casualties' and so far as
heard from the supposed footpads suf
fered no harm. . V :
Shoot at Officers -When Pursued , and
Are Shot at in -Return, but No-
One; Is Wounded-- y
Hoist's dances for Victory in lie
Si ionis Convention Ho Longer
•Regarded Serionsly.
DemoCTats Througboiit the
Nation Are Rallying to
His Standard
Two Masked ?Men- Seen in
; Vicinity of Dolores'
Street? Grocery. :
JOSEPHINE CIVNAUX. ¦;. .-"
All the forcgoinx arc 1 residents of Santa Barbara.
MRS. EARLY, address unknown: spine injured; still unconscious.
DR. ROSA K. EXGERT, Chicago; fracture of the skull.
MRS. JULIUS KRUrrSCUXITl', of San Francisco; ¦¦'wife of Vice
President Krattsclinitt- of the Southern Pacific. .
THOMAS QUINN of Kansas City, compound fracture or left Je-j.
EDMUND SCHRE1NER, Chicago; several ribs broken. }
A1JCE DUPUV, arm and shoulder, injured.
MRS. GOLAND. wife of Earl Goland.
MISS BURGIN, Mason street; several ribs broken.
3£RS. HJENR Y CARTER, bad scalp -wound.
3IRS. ROSS, trlfe of manager of Hoe Telephone Company; arm
crashed. .
3IKS. ARCADE, broken shoulder.
MISS J17ANA VALENZUELLA. arm baffly crashed.
MISS EMILY LAMB, rl«htlesr badly, lacerated.
MRS. FRAN CKSCHI. bad wound on forehead and nose.
MISS LUCY KUIZ, ear crushed and eardrum broken.
MISS VIRGINIA RUIZ, three ribs broken. .
3IRS. S1LVA, internal injuries.
MRS. J. ,S. BANCROFT, bruised about body; left hand injured.
MARY ARELLANES, arm broken and badly bruised. -
XOKA LOMBARD, bruises and cut on face; arm broken.
FRANCES OIJVOS, collarbone broken; cut about head and face.
MRS. BEATRICE ROBERTS, strained ankle.-
VICTOR KELTON, motormnn; bruised and cut on shoulder and
face. - - '-.-.'..- v -- " . ¦ ¦ ••. . . ;
THE INJURED.
t;^lt^Battte
Capture. v; .
New Yori Jurist's
NonnMon IsK
Assured.
JAMES SMITH, aecd 17; cm- FRANCISCO DOMENGUEZ,
ploye Lemon Exchange. . njred 70.
LEON CALDERON, . school- EARL . GOLAND, aged 45;
boy; need 13. teamster.
. RAMON REYES, middle-aged V f v^
laborer. . "."Vv"'- "'•¦- ':"¦.'<.'. f^\~: -- '" Vc^'V.'v'-.Mi'/y
THE DEAD.
RECORD RUN
BEING MADE
BY PARKER
FOOTPADS
FIRE UPON
POLICEMEN
FIVE PASSENGERS
HURLED TO DEATH
BY A RUNAWAY CAR
VOLUME XCV— NO. 133.
TZS WS&TZS&
rcr*ca*» m«A« at Sfca JPraa
circo £cr tiirty bonrs cnflinr
mlOsifffct* April lit
Boa 7raadBC9 and rtc&ilty—
ralr acos<Uy; coatta.c«d 'inum
weather; UsHt ncrtfcerlr Trtnd.
CK S. WXUSOH*
Iroc*l rcrtcavUr.
;Ata£Mtr~' ; •»•;•; mat .' »»».
-.'•-; JOlU»8<m/f '••¦•: •¦:'>^-' i .:•-.-¦'-- - '.
OallXoral*— "accFaOden't lUti."
C«atxal— "In { tfc* XuUU I of t&«
*¦-¦¦' Baaauar.". \«^.-t^ -.-.-•" ¦ '* - ¦¦ • -
Clmt**— YauAeriU*, "*-. . :
OoluttM* , — «lS»m'**u» ; arapo- ¦ ¦
• yi»chex'*-- M xi*m«t. M : i- "¦ > ; -&1 K\ j
Oranft— - "A DolVn Harare." - «
Mwofcaalcs' , PhtUIoo— McXhuon
Memorial Benefit. '
: Orphram — Vaaderill*. --' -, ¦'.. ',¦• ; --*
Tivoli — "Tfca B«ff»r Student."
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, tMQNpAY;-APRm;u;:'-190^
PRICE-FIVE CENTS.
RUSSIAN DIPLOMAT. WHO IS EAGER TO BRING > ABOUT A : WAR BETWEEN
HIS COUNTRY AND CHINA. AND JAPANESE WAR HERO WHO IS SAID TO
-BE WITH THE. ARMY IN, KOREA. • . , , . ;Kaiser Receives Many of the British
' Fleet "Officers and' Civir Offl- .
dais at Malta." ' " ' : ; '
EMPEROR -.WILLIAM LEADS
IN DIVINE . SERVICES
ing travelers last evening regretted
that he had made.it. It was productive
of convincing argumentUn support of
the efforts now < being made to unite
all the commercial organizations of the
State in a plan to promote the interests
of California as a whole and not by
sectional projects, that too . frequently
conflict! with each 'other and bring in
jury to the State. . In ; fact, all on
boa^d the. train as they neared ' San
Francisco and hurriedly., reviewed - tlje
interesting, experiences, "of - their • trip;
were alike in their Judgment that the
Promotion Commltte had achieved
great results * in j paving ; the . way., for
united action • between Northern . "rand
Southern California.- ... .
; Among I those^inentioned Cl torC? alter
nates are Charles A. Schieren, formerly
Mayor.-. erf Brooklyn,. Ex-MayorJ Knight,
of j Buffalo,'.!: and \ Colonel r Georgei^W. 1
Dunne,''. chairman- [° of *. the .-Republican
State Committee.- ;: J ' -. v> ; ¦ . t ;• ;" ; : "¦¦', :
It Is : a" foregone conclusion that.Gov
ernor Odell will. be elected to the chair
manship of the State committee. '?; There
will * only ,s be j one J contested .; delegation
to the. convention, that from ; Seneca
County. -
1 NEW '.YORK, April 10.— Prominent
• Republicans j from : all parts :of the State
are in -the. city "in 'anticipation of > the
meeting : on Tuesday, of ¦ the . New! York
State". Republican Convention,; which^ la
to select delegates "at large and alter^
nates at large i to* the- National Repub
lican Convention and • electors at t large
to . belvoted Tor,? in .the election | in | No
vember.% <The work; of. the convention
was '. practically; agreed ;upon\at , aVcon-
ference/of:the: leaders Ho-night/vVV~C
9 Senator Chauncey Depew^will ,be tem
'porary chairman \. and i Representative
Payne the ; permanent chairman of Athe
.convention,, and i the at large
probably, .will *; be',; Senators ;. Platt - and
Depe w,i Governor; Odell T. and '. Former
Governor > Frank ; S.'» : Black. :.' - ;'. \ - ;¦"-.
Officers' of State Convention.
Delegates Practically ""-Agreed : ¦ Upon
HARMONY IN ; NEW YORK.
Local union No. ~ 509, Brotherhood
of Painters, Paperhangers and Deco
rators of America, that has been in
volved in the Brundage-Russell elec
tion, .decided last night to take an'ap
peal from the. decision of ThirdsVice
President J. C. Skemp, who decided in
favor of the Brundage wing. 1 By the
decision this union was suspended for
insubordination, but has refused to
consider itself so • suspended until a
final decision is handed down from the
parent body. •¦ -¦ •: ,
Unless, a settlement between: the
lithographers and ¦< the men that have
been locked but is arrived -.) at . before
next , Wednesday a ; special meeting of
Printing Pressmen's Union 'No:: 24 will
be called' for Thursday night, at which;
if is said, the pressmen' will i be galled
out, thus tying up the establishments
in which the trouble exists. It is said
that there ; are over 2700
affected throughout the country by
this lockout. ¦•¦ : : . ¦¦'"'¦-. ••'.;'-¦->:-; ' :
The. following unions elected officers
for the: ensuing term of six .months:..
. Theatrical Stage Employers' Union No.- 16—
President, James G.BljLikle;; vice president. J.
Malkim; recording secretary. William .G. Rusk;
financial secretary.^ J: Fogel ; treasurer. . D. C.
Rulfs; executive \ board— S.:D. < Simmons , Jr.
(chairman). Roy Uavls and William Ftnley;
trustees— Thomas H. Andrews, vj. Thomas.
George Long, Charlen Deeta and George "Wolff;
delegates to Labor .Council— 1^ H.% Johns - and
William i G. , Rujik; .Vielegate to National .Alli
ance convention.,. William O.'Rusk; ;sergeant
at-arms.' William ' L.* Grlmme. ¦* ¦-¦¦- . ;.-•- • s T - * '•
: - Carriage ' Blccksmlths 1 - Union i No. .09—Presi
dent. Charles SIskron;vvice -president. -B. -J.
Norbcrt ; recording 5 secretary. Wallace Sharp;
financial secretary.- WilliairJ tB." Rosa; r .treas
: urer. John Schaunvleffel : *, conductor, Jacob
Mack : sentinel. -William : Tryon :: organizer j and
business' agent, ¦ Charles i A." Slskron; trustees-
Theodore ; Charcho H. • E. Brown ", and Thomas
Fraher : delegates " to ¦ , Labor 1 Council— C.\ A,~
fcislcron. Earnest Krauae and Isadora Wolff.'
PAINTERS' UNION REFUSES
N TO RECOGNIZE SUSPENSION
•1 Hircse. is the greatest hero of 'the
war. After: hostilities^ are over, it:, is
planned - to secure ; the body interred
at Port Arthur and bring it to Japan.
,v .The Japanese Government deeply,
appreciates the action of thej Russians
in giving ' the ¦ remains 'a military ;fu
neral and the officers of the naval staff
have requested the < press to express to
the. world their appreciation.' f
'(¦¦ The ; fragments -.. of Hirose's body,
which were brought here ion. Aprils 5
will be given a, public funeral on -April
13. The Shinto ceremonial will be.per
formed at ' the funeral.
TOKIO, April 10.— The body of the
Japanese officer which was found and
buried at Port Arthur, by the Russians
was unquestionably that of Command
er . Hlrose, who "was killed on March
27 in the second - attempt , to "bottle"
Port Arthur. The description of the
uniform tallies with that.worn by an
officer of. Hirose's rank' and the fact
that the head was missing is a further
confirmation of the belief that; the
body - was that* of the Japanese i com
mander.; .¦ - : ¦- .. '
Japan Appreciates High Honor Paid
a Dead NavalHero.
GRATEFUL TO THE RUSSIANS.
MacQueen left America while under
$10,000 ball. He says that he means, if
possible, to blot out the stain which he
asserts has been unjustly placed on hi3
name. MacQueen says his connection
with the Patterson riot was misrepre
sented, that instead of inciting the mob
to violence he had used his utmost, en
deavors to pacify the people. He also
denied -that he was in any way con
nected with Bresci, the " assassin of
King Humbert of Italy. He admitted
that a movement was on foot in Eng
land to have his case brought to ths
attention of the United States Govern
ment with a, view of mitigating the
sentence or of " dismissing the indict
ment. :/, / V ¦ : - ' ; - .
NEW YORK, April 10.— William Mac-
Queen, the anarchist, who* is under five
years' sentence in New Jersey for in
citing the silk trade riots in Patterson
ir. June, 1902, arrived to-day on the St.
Paul from Southampton, traveling un
der an assumed name. He will sur
render to the Sheriff of Passaic County
in order to serve his sentence, from
which he has appealeOMn vain.
Anarchist Returns From
England to Serve Sentence
Imposed in New Jersey
D. " Hirshfeld was booked on a
charge of burglary by Detectives Freel
and Buhner last evening:. He was ar
rested several days ago and is sus
pected of having robbed Mrs. Me-
Dermott of two' gold watches .and
chains on the 28th of last month.
Suspected of Burglary.
Not. thoroughly satisfied with the
babbling brooks, however, they in
dulged in other beverages that don't
babble and as a result there ..'were
many misunderstandings and one un
derstanding.. The understanding was
that Special. Policeman T. J. Butler
be done up.
When the train started for this city
on the return from the picnic grounds
Butler found himself busy adjusting
many little differences among the"pas
sengers and before the second way.
station had been left far behind, three
or four lively fights were going on at
once in several parts of the train, .
This was . too much for Butler, to
handle alone and he therefore tele
graphed ahead to the company's of
fices. Arrangements were made for
several of Chief Wittman's finest to
meet the train at the Valencia street
station with a patrol wagon and t help
cool things off. When the train pulled
in at that crossing Corporal Shanna
han and Patrolman Jewell and -H. M.
Powell took off four of the most .en
thusiastic of the picnickers. and loaded
them on the patrol wagon. "'..'''
This was too much for the crowd on
the train, and in a minute the cars
were almost empty. ..Many of c the
pleasure-seekers left the coaches
through the windows in their eager
ness /to fly to the rescue , of their com
patriot*. The patrol wagon was sur
rounded, by a. dense. crowd of pushing,
shouting, fighting humanity. The-offi
cers fought well, but when -it was alt
over three of their captives had slipped
through their hands. The fourth , was
lying in. the bottom of the wagon, uu-^
conscious, with his head badly battered.
Policeman Powell had ; put him ' out of
business, a lacerated. scali>j wound and
a deep cut over the left eye being the
surgical £ inventory of " his casualties.
..The name of the wounded^, man' : is
Michael McGranaghan and his resi
dence" 3959 ' Eighteenth street. He. will
recover. - ' . ¦ ; \ . •;
This scrintanage : with. the police
cleared the atmosphere and the party.
of pleasureyseekers succeeded In reach-
Ing the Third and .Townsend'- street
station and dispersing without further
assistance from the, police/ - ' ' • :
The members of the Rincon Drill
Corps, after having undergone a te
dious winter of confinement to city
streets, availed themselves yesterday
of an opportunity to spend a day in.
green meadows and by babbling
brooks, and accordingly migrated In
happy clusters to the . wilds of the
Santa Cruz Mountains. -'
Members of Silicon Drill
Corps Drink Too Freely
in Santa Cruz Mountains
PICNIC ENDS
DISASTROUSLY
John Lloyd, who claims to be a csfn- i
vasser for the Chicago Installment 1
Company, had a remarkable escape
from death last evening. He fell out
of a sixth story window and sustained
a contusion of the skull, a fracture
of the left arm and other injuries of
a minor character. ; .
Lloyd claims he was in a trance,
as he deliberately walked out of the
window, landing upon the" roof of
Fowzer's photograph gallery, forty
feet below. ' He was taken to the Cen- "'
tral Emergency Hospital.
Lloyd fortunately landed on .the."!,
shingles of the adjoining roof, direct
ly between the/ rafters. He went
through the thin shingles with such
force that it took the strength of four
men to extricate him from the debris. -
Admiral Rojestvensky. expressed re
gret that Russia did not take the in
itiative in attacking, even, in .sacrific
ing her fleet, if thereby, she crippled
the Japanese navy. -
; NEW YORK, April ' 10.— The World
has the following from Tientsin: It Is
reported from Mukden that two trains
containing a large number of Russians
who were wounded' in, ah engagement
on the Yalu River have passed through
there on the way to Harbin!
PARIS, April 10.— The St. Petersburg
correspondent of the Petit Parisienne
cables an Interview he had with Ad
miral • Rojestvensky, chief of the gen
eral staff of the navy, in the course of
which the admiral admitted that ho
had been offered and had accepted the
command of the Baltic squadron,
adding, that he was not certain
whether the squadron would go
to the Far East. The Emperor, the ad
miral said, desired the squadron to be
ready to sail by July 15 next, but this
was considered too hasty a movement
in official circles, where it was affirmed
that on the departure of the squadron
a certain complication might arise In
Europe.
"Moreover, there will not be work for
seamen in the Far East in' September,
for then," said. the admiral "the Jap
anese will have" conveyed , to Korea
sufficient cannon, ammunition and pro
visions to enable them to carry on a
campaign for many months. The Jap
anese will not hesitate to spend enor
mous sums for apparently, inadequate
results and this proves: that they, are
sure they can renew their supplies and
ammunition and that they have friends
who will furnish all they need."
Questioned concerning the Japanese
tactics,- the admiral said:
' "Vice Admiral Togo is quite right to
remain faithful to,, his. ;plan, although
the .appearances are against him. .We
know from a sure pource that he is cer
tain he can repair his vessels and renew
his supplies, even of heavy artillery, If
needful." . ' . - " .
Special CHvpatch to ,Tbe Call.
So onerous have official and private
Easter visits became that the ,Red
Cross Society this year evolved an In
genious means of relief and to benefit
its treasury, by which a Subscription
of $50 secures the publication of the
donor's/ name in the Official Messen
ger, carrying with it immunity from
official calls. Many eagerly took ad
vantage of the scheme. I
The masses spent the day in merry^
making; the sun shone brightly' and
the sidewalks were thronged with
promenaders. " y
The Emperor's sailors and soldiers in
the Far East telegraphed Easter greet
ings to their friends at home, through
the Novoe Vremya, which published in
four columns of small type telegrams
from Port Arthur, Vladivostok, Dalny,
Mukden, Harbin and other places, with
the signatures to the dispatches. The
messages breathe the deepesti.love of
country and afford striking evidence
of the religious bond uniting Russians.
The messages from Port Arthur rep
resent' every warship of Importance,
except the flagship Askold, and the
cruiser Pallada. The telegrams are
signed by the captains and other offi
cers. The telegrams from Vladivostok
were sent by, the officers of the cruis
ers Rurik and Bogatyr.
ST. PETERSBURG.* April 10.— Thl3
city was: to-day en fete and was given
up to' Easter rejoicing. The long Rus
sian feasts, which began after midnight
and continued almost to daylight, were
scarcely! ended before the' round of
Easter visits commenced. It is the
duty of every Russian at Easter to call
upon all his friends and to eat and
drink with them./ Open house was
kept everywhere and the latchstring
was out for j all. Theoretically, the
beggar of the streets enters" at will the
dining-room of the noble helps him
self to the good things of 'the table.
This, however, is no longer the case in
the metropolis and the larger towns of
the empire, but It is still literally true
in the villages and rural communities,
where no one is refused admittance.
£ It- is understood that/ as a result of
General Kuropatkin's .visit ' to I New
chwang, reinforcements 1 of 100,000 men
¦will' be -sent forward from Liaoyang.
The army organ ; announces the .ap
pointment of Major General Prince Or
beliani, a 'Circassian- nobleman,- to the
command of the Caucasian, cavalry,
brigade, newly raised for service in the
Far East. . .
A military official explained to-day
why General Kuropatkin's plan of
campaign does not contemplate a
heavy resistance of the Japanese ad
vance at the Yalu, saying:
•"Either defeat or victory in a battle
there would to MS.
If we lost we would have to fall back
through a difficult country. If we won
-^and I say to you that Russian strat
egy is based on the idea of victory ana
not defeat— success would be fruitless.
We could/not follow it up without ex
posing the army to too great risks. On
account of the Japanese control of the
sea, if we pursued the .enemy into the
peninsula of Korea we would open both
flanks to a possible attack from the
rear. No, the Japanese must come on
to a point in the interior which, with
this end in view, has been : selected,
where we can follow up a crushing de
feat to the bitter end, with blow after
blow, and 'seal the fate of the cam
paign.
"Our plans on' sea and land will con
verge at a time next summer when
Vice Admiral Makaroff's fleet will be re
lieved by the arrival of reinforcements.
Then, if successful {on land, we . can
clear the sea of the enemy, cut his
communications' and the Japanese in
Korea "and Manchuria will be at our
mercy.
"The .world must not be impatient.
The prelude to this war is not yet fin
ished.'V :.-- i'VrV<J ' '• '. - : ' '¦ .- , ' -''"¦
' ST. PETERSBURG, April 10.— The
generally expected attack on Port Ar
thur did not occur last night, although
a telegram received from Grand' Duke
Cyril reports that the enemy's ships
were sighted on the horizon. It is pre
sumed that . the Japanese were warned
of the extra precautions which - had
been taken to guard against a surprise.
There "was no Easter merry-making
at the front. Bv special dispensation
the soldier* and sailors, there were re
lieved of all religious observances on
account of the necessities of the mili
tary situation. Vice Admiral Makar
off's torpedo flotilla patrolled the open
sea, while the warships, with full
steam up, remained outside Port Ar
thur. Elsewhere throughout the thea
ter, of war all is reported quiet.
John Lloyd -Lands With
Much Force Upon Roof of
a Photographer's Gallery'
Evidence That a
Battle Has
Occurred.
Easter Greetings
From Men at
the Front.
WALKS THROUGH
A HIGH WINDOW
TRAINS BEAR WOUNDED SLAVS
Russians Will Re
tire From the
Yalu River.
live Engines Are Necessary to Rescue
Great Northern Passenger in
Nebraska.
SIOUX CITY, Iowa, April 10. — A
Great Northern passenger train ar
rived in Sioux City to-night from
O'Neill, Nebr., having been stalled In
'a. cut near McLane since Friday night.
Five engines were . sent to help 'get
the train out. The snow drifts reached
- - above th« smokestacks. ' -
TRAIN' IS HKIil> TWO .
i DAYS IX SNOW DRIFTS
Terrible Accident Befalls Chehalls
> /Ian During a Stroll Along
Railroad Track.
CHEHALIS, Wash.. April 10.— With a
Northern Pacific freight train almost
upon them.^A. W. Stincel saved the life
of his wife' this afternoon by shoving
her from the track, thus throwing
away all chance of saving himself, as
the cowcatcher instantly struck him
and he was killed under the engine.
Stincel. who was a tailor here, went
walking with his wife upon the track.
In some way, for which Mrs. Stincel
in her injured condition cannot ac
count, they allowed the train to creep
up behind them. Realizing that both
I could not possibly escape. Stincel ex
erted all his strength in throwing his
wife over the rails. The engine struck
her, however, causing severe injuries,
believed to be partially internal. The
engineer was powerless to prevent the
accident.
DIES IX ATTEMPT TO
SAVE HIS WIFE'S LIFE
APPEAL FUTILE
FOR MACQUEEN
Only experts should use this solution
for drinking water, as fatal results
might follow attempts of inexperienced
pel sous to purify water and destroy '<
fever germs. But, owing to the cheap- i
ness of the preparation, the most in
experienced person, can use it in de
stroying mosquitoes and fever germs
in stagnant pools and in removing the
green slime, or frog spittle, found upon
these pools.
The Bordeaux mixture is a prepara
tion that has been in use for many gen
erations in spraying fruit trees to kill
insects and diseases and the wonderful |
extension of its utility was but recent- :
ly discovered by the Agricultural De- |
partment durinsr an experiment to find
some means of destroying diseases
which attack the watercress and othe£<
aquatic vegetation. The expert dis
covered also that the presence of the"
Bordeaux solution in water had no e£j_
feet upon those who drank it; that ty
phoid- fever germs were destroyed ab
solutely within an hour.
ALBANY. N. Y., April, 10.— Millions;
upon millions. of dollars annually lost|
to the people of the State of New York!
through preventable diseases is the;
keynote of the annual report of State',
Health Commissioner Lewis to tha
Governor, made public to-day.
"If the monetary value of a human'
life is assumed to be worth $5000," sal'l
Dr. Lewis, "the deaths from five of the^
preventable diseases during 1903 in this"
State represent a loss of $94,960,000.
These figures seem appalling and yet
millions upon millions can properly be
added to this sum in the loss of wages,
the expense of the care of the sick and
many other expenses incidental to the
management of these epidemics ana in
fectious diseases."
The Commissioner shows that there'
was vast opportunity and abundant
authority /n meet conditions, but ab
surdly insufficient appropriations with,
which to perform the necessary work,.
for which he believes a million dollaio
a year could be used with advantage
'. to the people of the State.
The water systems of great ¦ cities
can be purified and stagnant and of
fensive pools can ! be eliminated. It
has been discovered that the utiliza
tion of a well-known solution will ex
terminate the typhoid fever germs in
drinking -water, destroy . the malaria
fever germs found in stagnant pools
and marshy places, as well as purify
and clarify the water supplies of the
cities. This wonderful solution also
destroys mosquitoes, and as it can be
prepared at practically no cost these
insects can be exterminated absolutely
and life at the seashore and in the
mountains made more pleasant.
It is the Bordeaux mixture, a prepa
ration of copper sulphate, lime and
water.
CAXiI* BUREAU, HOTEIj BARTON,
WASHINGTON, April 10.— One of the
greatest strides .'ik recent years to
ward Improving the public health has
Just be«n mads by the Agricultural
Department. An expert of the-depart
ment has discovered that typhoid fever,
malaria fever and mosquitoes can be
exterminated absolutely. Experiments
have been made with ths water sup
ply of New York City. They hav been
succeMful and are still In progress.
FfxH-Ut BUptteh to Th^ OH.
"Bordeaux Mixture'' Is the
Preparation That Is Said to
Be a Certain Preventive
of Malaria and Kindred Ills
ALSO DEALS DEATH
TO THE MOSQUITO
The Special train of Pullmans bear
ing the 106 representatives from
Northern California reached Third and
Townsend streets last night at 6:30
o'clocic It was the unanimous opinion
of those who made the southern Jour
tey under the direction of the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee that the
time spent in sightseeing in the lower
portion of the State could not have
been better employed. Magnificent;
weather attended ihe travelers the en
tire round trip and afforded them the
opportunity of gleanirtg a great deal of
information concerning Southern Cali
fornia. The' improvements around San
Pedro Harbor, the transformation of
the desert about Riverside into beau
tiful orange groves and the beautify
ing of Redlands and Pasadena were
really revelations to many of those
who journeyed southward and won
for the Southern/ California-, residents
the admiration of men of the north
who had often 1 heard of the great work
done In thai section of the State but
had never appreciated its importance in
the future welfare of California-
True, it was a long trip that many
business, men had at first hesitated to
undertake, but not one of the return-
The fancy traps of the local smart
net were courteously tendered! to the
committee for the use of the guests
and, a more Imposing procession of
handsome carriages has not been seen
in California. The Country Club has
been much complimented in extending
the courtesies of its clubhouse to the
visitors and the committee, for which
Chairman A. B. Ford, who is secretary
of the club, was responsible. Rufus
P. Jennings said the entire trip was
a great success, but at no stopping
place were they better pleased with
what they saw and received than in
San Mateo.'
HOX*U5T2£R, April 10. — At « o'clock
Ihl* morning ti« Callftwala Promotion
Committee special train arrived at Hol
<ll$tct; Tho speoial was flagged at the
*d«« of town and the excursionists:
xi^re received by a committee of citi
*cas appointed by . the San Denlto
Comity Improvameat Club to entertain
th« party during their short stay. In
chars* «f the committee the excursion
ists were taken to the bruw at Hoi-j
lister 11U1, where a "panoramic view <ft |
in© beautiful Ilollister Valley was en-
joyrd. llie rrowing cn>ps of. grain i
and alfalTa and the blossoming fruit
trees presented a picture which could,
not fail to make an, impression. Th«;
party was then escorted to the loral;
liotttla. w&ere breakfast was nerved aiVl
at S o'clock U»« special pulled ottt for
San Jose.
Great preparations had been made
by the Improvement Club to meet the
train at Sargenls Station with car
riages for the guests and a drive
through the old mission town of San
Juan, the San Juan Valley and city of
Hollister had been prepared, but owing
to the short time at the disposal of the
excursionists this plan was abandoned.
SAN JOSE, April 10.— A larce com
mittee from the Chamber of Commerce,
headed by President V. A. Scheller and
Mayor George D. Worswick. extended
u welcome to the California Promotion
Committee on the arrival of Its special j
train here this morning at 9:30. After
an exchange of congratulations the vis
itors were escorted to cars of the San
Jose-Los Gatos Interurban Railway
and the party taken for a ride to Sara
toga and Los Gatos. The road runs j
Through the fruit district and the ;
pueFts were shown acres and acres of
blooming prune -trees. Every one ad
mired the country, and most of the vis
itors said it was the prettiest part of
the State they had visited. At Sara- j
topa the party visited the Three Oaks I
farm, the pretty home of the Hev. Ed
vin S. Williams. The place is located
on a hill, and a magnificent view of
th<> valley was had.
At Los Gatos quite a stop was made,
and the officials of the town, members
of the Board of Trade and business
/nen of the place met the Promotion
Committee. The visitors were shown
about the place and the resources of
the foothill town explained.
It was about 12 o'clock when the
party returned to this city. The visit
ors went at once to the Vendome Hotel, j
where luncheon was enjoyed. Many
business men of this city called and
were introduced to the members of the
committee.
During the trip to Saratoga and Los
Gatos the committee of the Chamber of
Commerce was scattered through the
visitors and particular pains were ta
ken to make all acquainted with the
beauty and development of this sec
tion.
After luncheon a phort reception was
tendered the committee at the hotel.
Shortly after 2 o'clock the party left j
by special train for Palo Alto, where a j
Ftop was made and the university vis- j
ited. President Scheller and a number
of the reception committee accompan
ied the party from this city to Palo
Alto. •
PALO ALTO. April 10.— The mem
bers of the California Promotion Com- ]
mlttee received an enthusiastic recep- j
tion here and sprnt a brief time in- i
ppectinp the interesting features of the*
town. They then- drove to the Loland
Stanford Jr. University and, after h. i
tour of the institution, started for I
Redwood.
REDWOOD CITY. April 10.— A larpe
crowd gathered s.t the railroad station
to-day to welcome the California Pro
motion Committee. The speeiaPtrain
was due here at 2:20 o'clock this af
ternoon, but it was an hour later be- !
fore it arrived. For this reason the |
arrangements of the committee wer«i j
changed and the train stopped but a
few minutes instead of spending a half
hour as anticipated. The local Board
<;f Trade had intended to show the
committee the various points of in
terest here and William J. Dingree had
made arrangements to entertain the
members at his home.
SAN MATEO. April 10.— The Cali
fornia Promotion Committee. 100
strong, spent over an hour in San Ma- I
tro this afternoon, visiting all points!
of interest and followed by a reception |
at the Burlingame Country Club,
where the tired tourists enjoyed such
refreshments as were most suited to
the occasion.. The visitors were en
thusiastic over their reception, and also
in thoir praise of the beautiful natural j
environment of the town, where na- j
ture has done what must be artificially*
accomplished in many 'sections. A !
large number of representative citi- j
zens. including a special committee of
sixteen, met the excursionists at the ;
depot and served as escorts in a drive ;
through the grounds of some of the \
most stately and magclficent homes in !
all California.
Special XttsjMtck t» IT* OaU
WAI*I«A. WALLA, Wash., April 10.—
Carried by an automobile over a flfty
foot embankment and. into, the creek
at the bottom, Miss Bessie York was
badly bruised j and • rendered uncon
scious this afternoon, while her com
panions, Mtes Jennie McKinney and
M» IX Wardlow, the driver of the ma
chine*-escaped with slight injuries, i
Wardlowv who Wned the machine,
stopped on .a steep grade thirteen
miles from here to ftx the /hotor.
When he started again the automobile
became' unmanageable and despite all
hl*;efl*orts dashed over the edge of the
bank, rolling over Mis3 York, with her
entangled . in the machinery, and
plunged into Mill Creek. ,The auto
mobile is a complete wreck. Wardlow
and Miss McKinney worked for an
Ifour over Miss York before she re
gained consciousness: The' distance
from town and a doctor rendered her
sufferings extreme.
Bpeelal IMspateh to The Cstli
Unexpected Ddays on the
Journey From South Inter
fere With tha Programme
Heavy Machine Falls Into
tJie Bed of a Creek; Nearly
Cuasing a Serious Tragedy
Agricultural Department
Has Simple Solution That
Absolutely Exterminates
All Impurities in Water
HBGKPTIOKS AT TOWNS
COMPANIONS AEE HURT
Young Woman Severely In
jured in an Accident on
a Eoad in Washington
San Francisco Business Men
Complete the Tour of
a Portion of the State
AUTO DASHES
OVER A CLIFF
SCENES DELIGHT
THE COMMITTEE
DESTROYS
THE GERMS
OF TYPHOID
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU^'MONDAY,; APRIL 11, ¦ 190JL
Teachers Will Meet.
The. members of the San Francisco
School Teachers*iClub will meet in the
City Hall this evening. Interesting pa
pers will be read and plans and Ideas
submitted. a
PARIS, April 10.— The St. Peters
burg \ cor respondent - of the '¦:¦ Echo de
Paris telegraphs that a competent 7 staff
officer" there : says : that . Russia" is ; riot
weakening her, European ; frontier, gar
risoris :owing 'to 'thelwar- in rthe' Far
East and that 500,000 Russian troops
will- be in Manchuria 'at the end' of
May." This' officer also asserts, \ the
.correspondent* says, '. ; that; since . the
Tibet -expedition started. .- the Turke
stan and Caucasian I forces of. Russia
have been considerably strengthened. 7
Will : Have : Five Hundred Thousand
Men in the Field.
KUROPATKIN'S BIG ARMY.
: MALTA, .'April 10.— Emperor William
read divine services on. board ; the^ ; Ger
man imperial yacht . Hohenzollerri "this
morning, after which he received *he
captains .of the .British, fleet,"? He I then
landed and visited all the places of Ih-[
terest. The Emperor/dined, aboard, the
Hohenzollern; his guests including " the
Governor and the British 'admirals." ?
'• Emperor/William is in; perfect health
and : is enjoying his cruisa.'
2
Before Buying That Spring Suit
snug On All Around Town.
Yg < «ipi *W)r FITTING s viv 1x^11 /Til V/Ullvl J. vr ?? a*^
A^* 1 ' V l/&{ - s CONCAVE '.. . i- l , fa Hi«oTo rtO + r%^c+orl nn plnthinfl on "Dri'CeS,
-r \* - y\v^ '"'A- Wfl///JJW- ITlVGSXICTclXG, yet poisieu. uu oi'iJiiiniy) wi * *
f \ ' m '-¦ 'i -\^W/«^r \ I nCn ' vOIllC TO U.S'
/ : - , \j/ • v^- Awn vnii'ii nn thp dp^T
- -V : ELONGATED AINU YUU LL UU I UC KCo I .
\ ; 7'> •¦¦¦ v ' " '£% ' : - :/ It takes appreciation of fine mereliant.tailor
f v'l^ ¦ effects to stir you on — we court comparison. ,*£/.¦
_; fi^ - : : We Have the largest exclusive clothing
establishment, selling at retail; west of the Rockies. ; ., '/: : ;.
Thirty-seyen/jrears. of. square'ci&aling vouch for all garments sold from this big
JVlill *to ¦ iVi an" Dt,OF6.; . . :.--''t ¦ ; -. '¦•}•'..
We have suits to fit the extremes, and every man built between, at from $10.00
to#$3O.OO, in all of the latest, seaspjfiabfe fabrics. Young men's suits, at from $7.BQ
to 21.OO, just like the menus' suits^anjl boys' suits from $2.5O to $12.OO, the kind
that satisfy mothers— all the yery^ best for the money. They're good as any cus-
tom-made — better than most of it— and sold at half the cost.
m.LL TO MAN CLOTHIERS.
v Sie-SmMAlKETSXRfeonEBV
ADVERTISEMENTS
IDeVelopifig J
AT CUT PRICES. .
My kodak developing and printing !•
pleasing people all over tb« coast. It will i
please you, because the work Is right and
you c*n find m> fautt with the pricea. Here
are »'f«w figures: •
SSTSZiOFZBTOl „
Roll of •.. 10c Roll ¦ of .1* We
. : FBxxrrxvo:
Bollo finish. 8c to 3c VeJox finish, 3e to «c
Mall orders promptly filled.
jfi/%visiTiiMO j£r\d:
IVVCAROS S?J:OL/H
comcc? *TVLC» -ano sizn t also - .
BusiMtsj and onorrssiOKiAk .caros
THAT MAN PiftS
,1008 Market Street ffi
¦5»nf»»nC'4«»
iHUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
Q £ft - 15S1 )asns K - M * •• • *7»i, S.T.UL A ¦
\ ' Qf - The LarfMt AaitwiCTl Mutua In Ik* \
A r?t~- .Wot id. WniutMt or iny ccniTmcied A
1 £3 &N dlse»»e F»»l«l»elyeMr«*by tlleotdcit T
' Q f]5 53| - Spccuiut oa the Co in. E*t- j6 yon. O
A A&GWh DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN 4
\ F fSwft B Conv«lt»tk« free »nd strictly prtrate. \
B I ItWn Tr**tm«nt pcnondly nr bf letter. A M
¥ 1 tr b| ¦ /M(ln CW*iacret7c»i«a><l«fUke«. \
Art HI VritiferiMk.rui.*s«niY«rl
VI I i llT BAMKIAOK. MAILED TKR*. ( A V
1 J.jl ntabliMiuwi) . \
Q DU. JOBPAH * CO.. I0SI Market St. 8. F. f
Prescriptions 34,406 and 1.
'¦ GUARANTEED CUBE 7OS ¦ 3CE*..
HARMLESS X2TJEOTIOH. Cures ordinary
cases In' a t*ir days. Warranted to cure
worst cases. HTO OTHEB TBEATMUNT
KEQTXIBED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PS£ VEITTS COKT AGIO W. Harm* I
less. $2.00 for both botUes. For sale only
r. S. XSXJiT'S FSAS3CAOT, 102 Bddjr. 'ST. JOHNS. N:;F.r April lO.^-The
steamer , Panther, with 10,000 seals, ar
rived to-day from the Ice fields and re
ports- that the remalnder^of, \ the ; fleet
has somewhat , iarger. catches than an
nounced in previous reports.--The,mas
ter of , the Panther says that the steam
er Bloodhound Is following with a sim
ilar catch. '.: RBEfiBEl^i^
Thousands of Seals Killed.
PARIS. April 10.— The full text of the
Anglo-French treaty is published to
night. The main features of ,the
treaty have been fully covered In the
summaries given in The Call's- dis
patches.
One clause of the treaty pledges the
French Government to communicate to
Great Britain any agreement entered
Into between France and Spain on the
subject of Morocco.
Paris Will Notify London of Any Ar
rangement Made With Spanish
Government.
ANGLO-FRENCH TREATY
PUBLISHED IN FULL
MERCED, April 10.— A young man
named" Stephenson from Los Angeles
and Miss Biglow, a 15-year-old girl of
that city, who was dressed in boy's
clothes, were arrested here .to-day
while passing through on the Los An
geles Southern Pacific overland;~north
bound. The girl is a daughter of Con
ductor Biglow of the Owl; train. ." The
Sheriff's office here : was notified that
the runaway, couple were on the train.
Stephenson claims that . he . was en
route to Sacramento arid that the girl
insisted on accompanying him. ' They
occupied a/day coach. Miss- Biglow's
parents, accompanied by an. officer,
will be ¦ here ; to-morrow : after, their
runaway daughter. The girl; Is being
cared for at the home of Under Sheriff
Moore, where she : was . provided i. with
apparel suitable for her sex. Stephen
son is in jail."
Runaway Daughter of Railroad Con
ductor and Young Man Appre
hended at Merced.
MASQUERADES AS BOY,
BUT OFFICERS FIND HER
President Francis and other exposi
tion officials were entertained at din
ner in Harrlman's car to-night.
ST. LOUIS. April 10. — To-day -was
the last open Sunday at the World's
Fair grounds, as on April 15 the
grounds will be closed to all visitors
until the fair opens formally and
thereafter will be closed on Sunday.
More than 25.000 persons took advan
tage of the fair weather and visited
the grounds to-day.
The private car of President E. H.
Harriman of the Southern Pacific
Railroad was switched into the fair
grounds to-day and remained all night,
being occupied by President Harriman
and his party.
On and After April 15 the Gates
Will Be Shut Until the Exposi
tion Opens.
FAIR GROUNDS TO
BE CLOSED SUNDAYS
RELIGIOUS MEETING
IS ENDED IN A ROW
Evangelist Incurs Displeasure of Her
Congregation and Several Ar- .
rests Follow. -."'-' /'
SALT LAKE, April 10.— A religious
meeting at the Nazarene Mission
Church ended in a row to-night. Mrs.
Kent White of Denver, an evangelist,
her traveling companion, <R. E. Beedlc
man, and J. A. Headlund, a local archi
tect and a member of the board of di
rectors of the church,, were arrested
for making a disturbance and taken to
the police station. -W :
Mrs. White held. nightly meetings in
the church last week. In one address
she attacked the Nazarene Church at
Los Angeles, and thereby incurred the
disapproval of some of the church
members. She was ,. requested not to
speak again. To-night, however, -she
refused; to be silenced, and, together
with Beedleman and Headlund, Is said
to have disturbed the meeting . by sing
ing and jumping about after the fash
ion of the "Holy Jumpers." .The police
were called and the arrest followed.
In the course of •. his sermon on the
"Resurrection," at St. Mary's (Paul
ist) Church, yesterday morning, th*s
Rev. Father. H. H. Wyman, the rector,'
look occasion to refer to Canon Hen-
The Rev. William Rader said
His view that no "connection" exists between
the truth of Christianity and the traditional
notions of its historical origins" is, to my mind,
the moat significant statement in Its '.bearings
upon the fundamentals of the Christian J re
ligion.
! Canon Henson • viewg on the Bible are the
generally accepted conclusions of the higher
critics, but his vlew« on Christianity strike at
the very heart, not only of orthodoxy, but of
progressive orthodoxy. He not only recom
mends supplementing reading the Bible in the
church (with "Christian compositions which
have secured the approval of general accept
ance," but seriously questions accepted ver
sions of Christian truth.
Here Is a canon of Westminster who wants
an expurgated Bible, an expurgated church and
an expurgated Christianity. Christian scholar
whip might stand for the first and the second,
but hardly for the third.
I am glad that the responsibility is with the
Church of England, rather than with the Non
conformists. There Is enough truth In the
Bible and In the church to keep us all preach
ing and practicing till the end of time. .
Such articles as Canon Henson's In the Con
temporary Review are calculated to defeat
their own purpose by unsettling the minds of
the unlearned and disgusting the minds of
those who know better.
My knowledge of the religious life of Eng
land leads me to believe that, while the can
on's views on the Bible might be tolerated, his
reflections on Christianity will bring down
upon his head a torrent of criticism. Independ
ent of »ect or church.
It seems manifestly unfair, however, for one
to make sweeping statements of an article the
whole of which he has not read. When a man,
however, asks for the revision of 'Christianity
be places himself In -a position for criticism,
especially if he be a high dignitary of the
church..
\The province of Canterbury was instrumental
in revising the BIWe. Will the province " of
Canterbury assume the responsibility of revis
ing Christianity or will Canterbury revise the
canon? * •>*
I have not reen the Review article in full
and. to comment upon It intelligently, one
ought to havo before him all the man has
said End not mere extract*.
The Right Rev. William Ford Xich
ols, Episcopal Bishop of California,
when asked regarding Canon Henson's
views, as expressed in the cable dis
patch from London, said:
of Canon Henson's Article.
Bishop Nichols Awaits the Full Text
VIEWS OF LOCAL CLERGY.
GALERBURG, April 10. — The
Galesburg High School was destroyed
by ¦ fire to-day. One fireman was
killed by falling walls. Loss J 100.000.
School Burned; Fireman Killed
He is right. But his religion, unfortunately,
rests not on this glorious eepulcher of the risen
Christ, but upon a sepulcher full of dead men's
bones — foul and loathsome, in which were laid
the corruptible bodies of licentious kings and
queena and ministers of state.
He justifies himself in part by saying that
the majority of the Knglish people do not be
lieve in the corporal resurrection of Christ.
What has this to do with the fact of the resur
rection? The majority of the Jews contempo
rary with Christ did not believe in It, and I
think that if Canon Henson had lived at that
time he would sooner have believed the state
ment of the bribed suards that the body of
the Redeemer was stolen away from the tomb
while they slept and knew nothing about what
was happening than the disinterested testi
mony of the Apostles and disciples who sacri
ficed every worldly advantage for their faith in
this great fact upon which the truth and au
thenticity of the Christian religion depends.
son's criticism of the Bible. Father
Wyman said: . .
Canon Ileneon asks: "Is the faith of the
church in th* divine Christ really built on an
empty tomb?"- . ' ' •
Yes, but on a ton\b that is gloriouH, that has
for 1000 yeata in*plrM the hope of Immortality
In oountleps millions.
HONOLULU, April 10.— Prince Pu
Lun. nephew of the Emperor of China,
who is en route to the United States to
represent the Chinese Government at
the St Louis Exposition, arrived here
to-day on the steamship Gaelic. Upon
hfs arrival here Prince Pu Lun was es
corted by Federal and territorial troops
and police to his hotel, where he was
officially welcomed by Governor Carter
and a large crowd of people, mostly
Chinese. Later in the day the Prince
made an official call on Governor Car
ter. An elaborate reception was held
to-night at the Chinese consulate in
honor of the Prince. Prince Pu Lun
will leave to-morrow for San Francisco.
Pu Lun. Nephew of Emperor, Is Hon
ored at Honolulu During
His Stay There.
CHINESE PRINCE NOW ON
HIS WAY TO ST. LOUIS
MEXICO CITY. April 10.— All the
rap^r factories in the Federal district,
*ix in number, have been merged Into
a combination for the purpose. It is
br>Iir»vcd. of controlling the output and
the price of paper. The sir factories
have a combined capital of $15,000.
000. Thomas Brannlf of this city is
at the head of the company .
Mexican Paper Mills Combine.
ST. LOUIS. April 10.— Physicians and
others interested In the prevention or
control of tuberculosis have formed the
St. Louis Society for the Prevention of
Tuberculosis.
Officers have been elected and an ex
ecutive committee named. There will
also be appointed a committee consist
ing of two members of the Health De
partment of the city, two members of
the medical profession and -two repre
sentatives from the medical schools' to
assist In the work of inspection.
It Is Intended at the beginning to in
stitute a thorough inspection corps,
which will report all cases where suf
ferers from consumption are located in
badly ventilated apartments or sur
rounded by unhealthy conditions.
Medical Men Have Organized a So
ciety and City Will Be Care
fully Inspected.
ST. LOUIS PnYSICIAXS
TO FIGIIT TUBERCULOSIS
> Xellie Goess. who was sent from this
f . ounty to the Xapa State Hospital
presumably hopelessly insane, has
been discharged from that institution,
restored in health and mind. The
¦woman was the victim of her husband,
Frrd Goess of Sonoma, who shot her
in the head just prior to committing
suicide there several months ago.
Seeing his wife fall after he shot at
her and believing her dead. Gdess
turned the weapon on himself and
«-ommitted suicide. Mrs. Gocss was
badly wounded, but subsequently re
covered. She became insane and at
tempted to ond her life by jumping
from the porch of the second floor of
th*» Sonoma Hotel, after which she
uas adjudged insane and ordered
committed to the asylum.
Sonoma Resident Whoso Husband
Shot Her Before Committing
Suicide Recovers Reason.
SANTA ROSA. April 10. — Mrs.
WOMAN" BECOMES SAN'E
WHILE IX AX ASYLUM
La Prairie, which is situated oppo
site Verdun, was flooded at an early
hour to-day and four houses situated
on the river front were carried off their,
foundations by the ice.
MEMPHIS, April 10.— The Mississippi
River at this city to-night has come
to a stand after rising three-tenths of
a foot since Saturday night. It is pre
dicted that the water will begin to
recede to-morrow. Thus far all the
levees in the Memphis territory have
withstood the overflow and it is
thought that when the water begins to
recede all danger will be over.
Three thousand people in the village
of Verdun, adjoining the limits of Mon
treal, are to-night living in the upper
stories of their houses, while several
thousand more who reside in the part
of the city known as Point St. Charles
are in danger.
MONTREAL, April 10.— Montreal is
experiencing a serious flood. Early to
day a large quantity,©* .ice came down
from Lake St. Louis and jammed up
against the Victoria bridge. In a few
minutes the water began to rise and in
a short, time it had reached the; top of
the dyke built after the last great flood
and which had been, up to the present
time, a sufficient protection. In a short
time it became possible to navigate all
that portion of Verdun in the neighbor
hood of the Queen's Park with boats.
All the teams that could be pressed
into service were engaged In strength
ening and raising the dyke. At 6
o'clock the water had reached, a depth
of six feet in the streets. To-night it
is falling, but the danger is by no
means over yet, as there is more ice
to come down.
Ice Piles Against Victoria
Bridge and Water Backs
Into Streets of the City
"I think not, for the people of this
age are too enlightened to believe trash
of this kind."
Rev. James S. Stone of St. James
Church said:
"I don't think Henson's article
amounts to anything, although it is a
savage attack. If that is the worst he
can say, the Bible will hold its own for
all time to come. He does not make
good his assertions, and I do not take
him seriously."
In some respects Rev. R. A. White of
the Stewart Av%nue Universalist
Church agreed with the statement of
Canon Hensen.
"There is much in the Bible that we
cannot believe, and many of its teach
ings we cannot follow,"- said he. "It is
simply a chronicle of the times in many
parts. It grew up Uke all other re
ligions; it is simply an outgrowth of
the spirit of the times and the teach
ings of the men of those days. I think
the Bible is a great piece of literature.
But I view it as I do all other erreat
pieces of literature. We -must pick out
those things which are applicable to
our present conditions of society. Some
of the ethics are perfect and some of
them are villainous. Yet we cannot
throw it aside simply because some o*
It is absurd and unworthy of belief."
When asked if he thought Canon
Henson's views would have any effect
on the people, Bishop Fallows replied:
CHICAGO, April 10.— Bishop Fallows
and the Episcopal ministers of Chicaco
unite in denouncing Canon Henson of
Westminster Abbey, who, in the Con
temporary Review of London, attacked
the Bible, and especially the Old Tes
tament, calling it "a pack of lies" and
declaring it to be "demoralizing and
too gross for toleration."
When asked how he regarded Canon
Henson's statement. Bishop Fallows of
St. Paul's Reformed Episcopal Church,
replied:
"He is off his base. His are not the
sentiments of the man, but rather of
a critic who is not in a position to criti
cize the Bible. The grand old Bible
will withstand all attacks, but I can't
help regretting that such sentiments
come from a man holding such a re
sponsible position. I believe, the man
is seeking notoriety."
FLOODS RAGE
IN MONTREAL
LIXCOLX. Xebr., April 10. — Chan
< rllor E. Benjamin Andrews, speaking
to students -f the State University
medical college to-day, took for his
subject "Health as Duty," and as
serted that the anti-race suicide
propaganda of President Roosevelt
has another side. He cited a New
York club whose membership is con
fined to those who are parents of ten
or more children and said it was the
duty of the well-to-do to raise large
families of children, because such
parents were better fitted to bring the
children up to useful lives. But this,
he said, could be overdone. He
ihoup-ht ten children too many. It
v.as -his opinion that every person
should be as healthy as it was possible
for him to be.
Dr. Andrews Says They Cannot Be
Properly Reared and Fitted for
Useful Uvets.
TES CHILDREN* TOO MAXV
WHEX rAREXTS ARE POOR
His (Henson's) religion un
fortunately rests not on this
glorious sepulchre of the risen
Christ, but upon a sepulchre
full of dead men's bones- — foul
and loathsome, in which were
laid the corruptible bodies of
licentious Kings and Queens and
Ministers of State. — Rev Father
11. H. Wyman of San Francisco.
I do not think Henson's ar
ticle amounts to anything, al
though it is a savage attack. If
that is the worst he can say, the
Bible will hold its own for all
time to come. He does not make
good his assertions, and I do not
take him seriously.— Rev. James
D.> Stone of Chicago.
T think the Bible is a great
piece of literature. Some of the
ethics arc perfect and some are
villainous. Yet we cannot throw
it aside simply because some of
it is absurd and unworthy of be
lief. — Rev. R. A. White or Chi
cago. \ ' \ .
His (Henson's) are not the
sentiments of the man, but
rather of a critic who is not in
a position to criticize the Bible.
The grand old Bible will with
stand ull attacks, but I can't
help regretting: that such senti
ments conic from a man hold
ing such a responsible position.
I believe the man is seeking
notoriety. — Bishop Fallows of
Chicago.
I have not seen - the Review
article in full and, to comment
upon it intelligently, one ought
to have before him all the man
has said and not mere extracts.
— Bishop Nichols of California.
I am glad the responsibility is
with the Church of. England,
rather than with the Noivi-con
forniists. There is enough
truth in the Bible and in \ the
church to keep us all preaching
and practicing till,, the end
time. — Rev. Wiliam Rader of
San Francisco.
Views of Canon
Henson's Critics
The principle sermon was by Presi
dent Joseph Smith. The address was
an able review of Mormon history of
recent years and a denial of the charge
that the book of Mormon teaches or
advocates polygamy. The speaker
maintained that the contrary was the
case, that the Book of Mormon taught
with the Bible that one husband should
have one wife and one wife one hus
band. President Smith said that the
great body of the Reorganized Church
of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints
were firm believers in tne laws of God
and of his guidance of the affairs of
this country and were therefore loyal
citizens because of their adherence to
the teachings of God.
Another able address was that of
Apostle Herman C. Smith of Lamoyne,
Iowa, who is well known as an orator.
Many - persons were deeply affected by
Apostle Smith's eloquent address and
shed tears. He spoke to the text: "I
Am Come That Thou Might Have Llf«
and Have It More Abundantly."
KIRTLAXD. Ohio, April 10.— There
were 1200 people present at to-day's re
ligious exercises of the annual confer
ence of the Reorganized Church of Je
sus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. The
day was given up entirely to preaching
and religious exercises, the sermons be
ing delivered by President Joseph
Smith in the morning. Apostle Herman
C. Smith in the afternoon and Richard
C. Evans of London in the evening.
President Joseph Smith Denies That
It Teaches or Advocates
Polygamy.
REVIEWS mSTORY OF
THE MORMON* CHURCH
ENGLISH ECCLESIASTIC WHO "HAS
ATTACKED THE BIBLE, AND TWO
OF HIS DISTINGUISHED CRITICS.
LOS ANGELES. April 10.— Edwin M.
Sweeney, who for a brief period was a
Police Judge In San Francisco, ar
rived hens to-night from Yuma so
weak from illness that his friends fear
he will not survive the week. His
wife was telegraphed for, and It is not
probable that she will be able to take
him back to San Francisco alive. He
is suffering from consumption, and
fully realizes his condition.
But for an experience he had with
robbers at Yuma, a blow he sustained
and the fright the attack caused, he
probably would be able to be about.
In fact, his trip to Arizona might have
benefited him. On March 18 robbers
entered his room, and while they were
et work he returned to it. As he
opened the door one of the thieves
struck him a violent blow in the face,
knocking him down. Then they stole
everything of value which he possessed,
including most of his clothing.
The next day a negro named Davis,
whom Sweeney had employed as his
6ervant, and whom he had befriended
!n many ways, was found wearing a
portion of the stolen clothing and was
arrested. Later another man was ar
rested for participation in the crime,
but the case acaJnst him was dis
missed. Sweeney was greatly weakened
by the assault, but despite the fact that
he knew his life depended upon a
rhange of climate, he remained in
Yuma to prosecute Davis, and on Sat
urday the negro was convicted of
burglary in the first degree. He will
be sentenced Monday. Sweeney then
determined to return to San Francisco,
but when he reached Los Angeles his
rendition was such that he had to be
conveyed to a hotel and his relatives
summoned.
Special Dtspatcb to Th« Call.
SALT LAKE, April 10.— As a result
of • the reorganization of the operating
departments of the Harriman roads
there has been wage reductions which
have caused a large amount of discon
tent among the employes.
That portion of the Union Pacific
west of Green River. Wyo., and all of
the Southern Pacific east of Wads
worth, ICev.. were added to the Ore
gon Short Line system a few days
ago as far as operation is concerned.
One of the first results has been the
discharge of every Southern Pacific
and Union Pacific employe on these
portions of the road, ?all being imme
diately rehired. In a large majority
of cases salaries have been reduced 10
to 50 per cent.
In every Instance the men thus re
employed have lost all their seniority
rights. Some employes have been with
the Union Pacific or Southern Pacific
over twenty-five years. They have no
more standing now than absolutely
new men. The yard forces in Ogden
have been greatly reduced and there is
a cutting down wherever possible.
8p«clU Dispatch to The Call.
Michael Gilbride, with . a- serious stab
wound .over his heart, evaded the
police-
The fight lasted a half hour. When
the police reserves arrived they sent
Thomas and William Gilbride to the
hospital and arrested the two
McShanes, ' who were bleeding from a
dozen wounds.
Then Harry McShane attacked Wil
liam Gilbride. and inflicted several
wounds. The men fought their way
out of the saloon and continued the
battle in the street, causing a crowd to
collect that blocked the surface cars
and led to the calling out of, the police
reserves. ,
NEW YORK, April 10.— In a feud
fight here to-day three brothers,
Thomas, "William and Michael Gilbride,
were seriously, if not fatally, stabbed,
and Harry and, John McShane, also
brothers, were • badly wounded.
On Saturday a fight occurred between
Harry McShane and Thomas Gilbride
and both were arrested. To-day, meet
ing Gilbride and his two brothers on
the street^with several of , their. friends.
McShane gathered about twenty of his
friends in the back room of a saloon
at thS corner of First g avenue and
Twenty-third street. Then, according
to the " police, he approached ; Gilbride,
professed regret over their trouble of
the day before, and finally induced the
Gilbride party to go with him to the
saloon to drink and forget their dif
ferences. As soon as all were inside
the 'saloc-n, McShane is said to have
given a signal, at which, his friends
began the fight.
Harry McShane devoted - his energy
to Tom Gilbride, and used a long-bladed
jackknife on his adversary. The fight
between these two nien lasted five min
utes and Gilbride fell to the floor in
sensible and bleeding profusely from a
jagged cut in the abdomen and another
cut o-n the shoulder.
Hope of Recovery From Con
sumption Is Dispelled by
a Cruel Crime in Yuma
Men Who Have Long Served
the Company Have No More
Standing Than Beginners
Car Traffic Is Blocked and
Police Reserves Are Sum
moned to Restore Order
SENIORITY RIGHTS LOST
KOBBERYCAUSES INJURY
BIG CROWD LOOKS ON
Changes on Harriman Eoads
Since the Reorganization
Give Rise to Complaint
Knives the Weapons Used
in Bloody Combat Start
ed in a New York Saloon
Kdwin Sweeney, Who Once
Occupied Police Bench,
Is Dying in Los Angeles
ATTACK BRINGS
DEATH NEARER
EMPLOYES FRET
AT WAGE CUTS
FIVE WOUNDED
IN FEUD FIGHT
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, rMONDAY, APRTL 11, 10O€.
"He Is Off His Base" Is the .Comment of Episcopal
Bishop Fallows of Chicago, Who Adds His Belief v That
the Westminster Abbey Dignitary Is Seeking Notoriety
CANON HENSON'S 0NSLAUGHT
UPON THE BIBLE DEPLORED
3
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
If You Kne\v
You could be relieved of that periodic, or
chronic, nervous : or sick headache in a
few minutes, would you continue. to suf-
Especlally when you are " assured ._ of
the fact that the remedy; Is : perfectly
harmless, and .will have absolutely : no
other, effect,' except to 'relieve and -cure
the pain.
Dr. Miles'
Anti-Pain Pills
Will bring such relief, quick and sure.
• That is not all. They will prevent and
cure all kinds of pain — Neuralgia, Back-
ache. Rheumatism, Menstrual Pains,
Stomach ache. etc. ' ¦'¦- :'. • '_ - _,_.
Gen.- Ar Jacobs,^merchant. Lima, Ohio,
recommends Dr. /Miles'.: Antl-Paln Pills
as follows:- " .¦• : , -~ *" :
-" "I ; am": anxious -' that' r all ; should { know
the- virtue of '¦- these .pills."' -iT have >. used
them for: years, and ' consider, them : mar-
velous; lnv, their instantaneous; relief, of
headache ¦ and all! pain," while ' they. leave
no disagreeable after-effects." " v :
- Sold under, a guarantee that first pack-
age .will benefit, or druggist ;will return
your,, money. ¦ ' . • : -
. '25 doses, ; 25 cents. Never sold in bulk.
2TEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
to cusi Ayr disease
The Cause Most Be Removed. Same Wax
VTlth Dandruff.
Kill the germ that causes dandruff,
falling hair and baldness, you will have
no more dandruff, and your hair must
ktow luxuriantly. Newbro'n Ucrpicide
not only contains the dandruff germ de-
stroyer, but it Is also a most delightful
hair dressing for regular toilet use. Xo
other hair preparation Is on this scien-
tific basis of destroying the dandruff
germs. It stops all irritation, keeps the
Bcalp sweet, pure and wholesome. Re-
member that something claimed to be
"just as good** trill not do the work of
k Kcnulne Herpicide. Sold by leading drug-
gists. Send 10c in stamps for sample to
The Herpicide Co.. Detroit. Mich.
CASTOR. A
For Infants and Children,
The Kind Yon Hsve Always Bought
Bears the /J? _, S/fj? J jF""
Signature of (~#uz>&r£ f&&JZtA£
Six of the housekeeping
questions are settled:
tea twlcir-r-powder specs
ceSe« ftaworis* extracts aada •
and setried for good.
S c h \\\ i-ti g ' s Best at your
grocer's ; moneyback.
__.__' gAJOaryS CBLBBY COMPOXTrTD.
ALMOST INSTANT EFFECT
It Braces — Xnvlfforatea and Cures. Xt'c Wonderful Tonic Properties Are Pelt at
Onoe— Tlx e Xomes of the Jfation Send Their Thanks and Praise for
the Celebrated Verve Wltalixer and Tonic
PAINE'S CELERY COMPOUND
Mother" — Daughters — Patheirs — Sons— Zt Safeguards Their Health, Dispels Sis-
ease — Keeps Them "Always at Their Best." ,
Paine's Celery Compound makes peo- —^^ . . - r ---.-- ? - - -.-.- -¦-¦--.-.--
gives buoyant vitality and health to the
It^stops at once the drain on the ner- ffl
vous^system, expels harmful humors
from the blood and Increases its volume TO J^y^t^l. ¦laMfliBEOwl^^f^g^sV''' "' : ''^ :
CUBED GRIP, NERVES, BXiOOD. bH-^-
gan taking Paine's Celery Compound in pi^ty-::^^^^-?!^?!^^^^^^^^
knee, due to blood trouble. At the time j| js?.'« v&8&&iA xsSsSBfW -^ •
I began taking your medicine I was very §5 3(L^ s 1111111111 SflH&Si-H
nervous and did not want to see any one , B S S&^-^vR^iS 58 I Wt ISf*-'
and also said they.dld not think that 1 fipfw-f:'* ¦' '.%^^J
would ever be. any. better, and if I was E
better I would never be able to walk »
bottles before I saw much improvement. A'& : : : :?:W:¥ft%¥ft : »SKM??KySv»aS8B»^^S^«!!:
But soon my nervousness left me. I Miss ANNA BAZ.LOTJ.
~" . • Orip "Was Cored — Stood Was Pnri-
"The only Beal Cure is that which fled — Her Whole 1 System Strength-
cares the SEAL CAUSE. Treating* ened by Paine's Celery Compound.
symptoms, pimples, eruptions, Is egaIn en j Oyed seeing all who called at
mere waste of time. The Cause of the house.
nearly all disease and blood lmnurltr "I kept right on gaining until now £
and pain is in the JtoWMt WIsVes? 1 * VERY AN °
—Prof. Edward E. Pbelps. M. D.. LLD., " l had a light attack of the grippe
of Dartmouth University — Famous Dis- and after getting up from that I took
coverer of Paine's Celery Compound. one bottle of Paine's Celery Compound.
¦ - • - It helped me to regain my strength.
rtf vt<tt twt« k-CTtuft "* can truly say your medicine has
BE WELL THIS 8PBXVG. been of gr eat benefit to me."— Anna C.
¦ Ballou. .
Go to your Druggist TO-DAY—
Get one bottle of Paine's Celery Com-
pound— See how DIFFERENT it will
make you feel. ' v
I THROUGH TOURIST CARS J
I TO CHICAGO OR ST. LOUIS
RSJl I/to idtEabr^
I SOUTHERN PACIFIC
gHI Change jx^r^ i^llr cHaasBanssjstsi fsj
P^y^OVERLAND LIMITED I
Hi i Montgomery Streci. San Francisco El
H Or.any SOUTHERN PACIFIC AGENT _• . / m
/y * ¦ '
Coughs
Sore Throat
Bronchitis
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine*
or your money returned. Price,
50c and $1.00 per bottle. For
sale by all dealers and at office
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co.,
28 California St., S. F., sent by
mail, or express. People cured
free of charge from 1 to A p. m.
3%L#9cu£aAiwm>
Y^Q Perfect Fitting ftp *
rip Eyeglasses If
Ij At Moderate .Cost £,
V 642 4iarke.tSt
lASTHiVlANOLAJ
la the only cure S or Werrou* and
-¦ Bronchial AST JTM A. ~
Y«ur Druggist or at 503 HAIGHT ST..
... San Francisco, Cal. .
' »IPIIIIJLJ MENANDWOMEIt.
•«BsPwBz3^B9 Us* Big C> for unnatural
MStW «¦ 1 1. 1 csn^Vi dUch»TC*i,inflAmmatioia,
JMBr Omuuued B irriUtioM or nlcaratloai
¦*J b»i u Mrtttar*. ™ of mucous numbraBM.
sF 0 Fr»»»«to <¦•¦••«<•¦• PaiaUii, snd not •itri&«
KSlTHEETAMgCHEMimfa. g«nt or poiioaout.
M. CIMHRiUTI,Q.HSgi •«!« hj DnRltlt,
. WnL C.B.*. or wnt in plain wrapper.
*BB^^L-1—^•M . *r express, prepaid, far
XVBBMBKtV •1.00. or * bottlM »2.7*.
— Circular sect on wcwot
. Mar* Island and VaUejo Steamer*. -
j Steamer GEN." FRIEBIE or MONT1CEULO—
9:45 a. m., 3:15 and S:3O p. 'm.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leave Valle jo
7 a.-' m.. 12 :30 , and « p. m., except . Sunday.
Sunday. •>7'a.-m., v 4:lB;p.m. Fare, 50 cents.
Tel. Main'? 1508. Pier, 2, MUsion-iC cock.
HATCH BROS. '
OCTAR TBAVEL. ___
?*s. Steamers le*T« Broadway
/»X*22V£££v wbwes. Piers 9 and 11.
fyff— Nd\ Stin Francisco.
/A/nK^to V*\ For Ketchilcan. TTrans^l.
I I \»W*a I I Juneau, Halnes. Skaguar.
I V \?«MBa / / etc - Alaska— 11 a. m.. Apr.
\*\ V IW/ *• 10 - 15 - ' M ' M ' 3 0 ' M *y *•
X$SsV_^s/0y Chanse to Company's steam-
er * at Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver.
Port Townsend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. B«t-
linsham— 11 a. m.. Apr. 5. 10. 15. 20. 25. 3a
May 6. Change at Seattle to this company's
steamers lor Alaska and O. N. Ry.; at SeattU
or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P.
Ry.
For Kureka, (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
P. m.. TApr. 4. 10, 16.- 22. 28. May 4. Spokan*.
1:30 p. m.. Apr. 1. 7. 13. 19. 25. May 1.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Anffeles aad
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara— San-
ta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. tn.
State of California, Thursdays, 9 a.m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
Ban Pedro), Santa Barbara. Santa Cruz, Mon-
terey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Ilarford (San
Luis Obtspo). Ventura and Hueneme.
Santa Cruz, 9 a. m.. Apr. 19. (Freight only.)
Bontta. 9 a. m., Apr. 5. 13. 21. 29. May 7.
' For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jom del
Cabo. MazaUan, Altata. La Pax. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th eactt
month. For further Information obtain folder.
Right Is reserved to change steamers or sailing
dates.
TICKET OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel), 10 Market st. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Odce, 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN, General Passenger Agent.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sntter st. win
call for and check baggage from ¦ hotels and
residence*. Telephone Exchange 312.
O. R. & N. CO.
OREGON sails April 7. 17, 27. May 7, IT
and 27. GEO. W. ELDER sails April 12. 22.
May 2, 12 and 22. Only steamship line - to
PORTLAND, OR- and short rail line from
Portland to all points East. Through tickets
to all colnts. Steamer tickets Include berth
and meals. Steamer sails foot of Spear St.. at
Jit. m. S. F. BOOTH. G«n. Agt. Pass.
D«pt.. 1 Montgomery St.; C CLIFFORD. G«n.
Agent Freight Dept., 3 Montgomery st. ,
oecanics.s.co. aawsrs
8. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
' ' land and Sydney, Tbur.. Apr. 14. 2 p. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Apr. 23. 11 a.m.
S S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Apr. 23. 11 a.m.
I.D.SPEECULS k B20S. Ca,AztS.,TiCtot Olce 643 Mar-
Ket St., FrelgHt Offlce 329 Mariet si, - Pier 7. PaciSs si
v^4 KOSMOS LINE.
IgJSalSi (Magellan Route.)
«\S|jr/ Passenger Service — Throush Wlth-
WWHr/ out Change.
' *"**<»*/ 8. S. "AMASIS." 70CO tons.
¦'< ¦.';'_;/ f~t. ' Captain C. Jansen. sailing from
San Francisco on or about • April 20. 1004, for
London,'- Hamburg and all principal ports in
Mexico. Central and South America. For rates
and particulars apply at passenger offlce. 641
Market ¦ St., '- or :
LENDAL ¦ M. GRAY, Manager.
. ".'.i 329 Market »t-. San Francisco.
COMPAGNIE 0E5EB ALE TIU53 ATI ANTIQUE.
DIRECT LINE , TO HAVRE-PARIS. •>^ s » 1
Sailing every Thursday Instead of -»CCw»
Saturday, at 10 a. m.; from Pier, 42.'»3O»HK T
North River, foot of Morton «t . _
. First 'class, to Havre, $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class ' to - Havre/ $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New. York. J. F. FUGAZI & Co., Paclfle Coaat
Agents. 3 Montgomery arentie. 3an Francisco.
Tickets sold by ; all Railroad Tlckst Axents. " ;.;. Since the campaign entered .upon by
the health authorities against Lthe
hordes ;¦ of rats 'at ; the * London ? docks,
255.372 have been destroyed.
"Oh, that's because he delights - In
saying to himself the things he would
like. to say-to his wife If he dared."—
Harper's Barax.,
"Does Jawley chew gum habitually?"
"No; why?"
"I never seen him that his Jaw Isn't
wagging." . •
OAKLAND, April. 10.— A. West, 20
years old, a painter, residing -at '1065
Fifth avenue, > was knocked off a Pied
mont electric car this ¦ afternoon 'at
Piedmont and badly bruised. .His in
juries were treated . at ; the Receiving
Hospital.
Knocked Off Streetcar.
OAKLAND, April lO.-7-Superlntend
ent of Streets Charles F. Ott; will com
mence to plant ' Amerlcah ; elms to
morrow on ;,both sides of Telegraph
avenue in accordance .with the general
scheme for beautifying Oakland's thor
oughfares, m The trees will be set fifty
feet ' apart. Work will begin V at the
northern city ; boundary and J progress
southward to the Junction > of Broad
way and Sixteenth street
Will Begin Tree Planting;.
OAKLAND, April 10. — Company A.
National Guard of California, will give
a social and dance next . Thursday
evening at the company armory, 419
Twelfth street, and, as the affairs of
Company A are always successful, a
large attendance 1b expected.
Company A Social and Dance.
NEW YORK, April 10. — To-day the
police Interrupted a cock fight In' the
private stable of Robert A. Pinkerton.
the detective. In Brooklyn,": and took
thirty-two prisoners, among whom
were several in evening clothes.
Thirty-five game cocks also were
captured and six dead birds were
found In the stable. Most of the pris
oners, a majority of whom are
wealthy, were locked. up.'At the Pink
erton house It was said Pinkerton is
In California.
Police Visit Stable of Detective Robert
A. Plnkerton and Capture
Sliectators.
MEX IX EVENING' DRESS
ARRESTED AT COCK FIGHT
Berkeley Office, San Francisco Call.
2148 Center street, April 10.
The examination for the first
. Rhodes scholarship from California
will be held this week at the Univer
sity of California. There are seven ap
plications for the scholarship, as fol
lows:
Ralph Oliver Reiner of Pasadena,
a senior in the University; Farnham
Pond Griffiths of Berkeley, a sopho
more; Beverly S. Allen of Alameda, a
student. Phi Beta Kappa fra
ir-mity man and reader in English;
Monroe E. Deutsch of San Francisco,
a member of the class of '03 and in
structor in Latin in the Mission High
School; Henry B. Dewing of Berke
ley, a graduate of the class of '03 and
instructor in Latin at the Berkeley
High School; William James Mus
grove of Berkeley, junior in the uni
versity; William Clark Crittenden of
Berkeley, a junior in the university
and president of his class last year.
This is the complete list up to date,
but there may be other applications
before the day of the first examina
tion. At least two more young men
Are expected to manifest a desire to
.take the examinations.
The schedule calls for bIx examina
tions, given from 8 to 10 o'clock,
from 11 to 1 o'clock and from
1:20 to 3:30 o'clock on April 13
and 14 in seminary room "R" of the
library. The order of subjects is as
. follows: Translation from Latin into
English; Latin prose composition;
Greek and Latin grammar; arithmetic,
algebra or geometry, translation from
Greek, translation from Greek into
English. -V
The examination papers will be cor
rected at OxYord. From "among the
number that Is successful , in passing
this 'examination the Oxford scholar
-from California for 1904 will be select
ed by President Wheeler. The suc
cessful candidate will be entitled to
", Valtali cried but that he was shot and
fell to the ground.- His friend thought
he was Joklng/at first and laughed at
him, but , he soon saw -that it was i;o
joke.- He tried to. comfort the boy 'and
begged that he "might not die. • but It
was too late. A half hour. later Valtali
breathed his last. ' •,-, c'
, The accident was observed by Frank
Scribner, who was. walking In the hllla,"
and | he secured a buggy and had the
body taken ; to . the i Berkeley Morgu«.
Scribner ; confirms every; detair of Lau
rltano's * story and says It was purely
an accident."- 1 '". ", \
« Thetwo boygrwere residents of San
Francisco. . Valtali lived with his step
father, and mother, at 803 Broadway and
was apprenticed to" a : horseshoer. Lau
ritano Jives with his parentB at 5 Pres
cctt court and Is a, machinist
: As the shootlngitook I place In • Contra
Costa- County,; the; Inquest; will be -held
by-Coroner Gurry "of, that counts'
A rifle in the hands of two careless
boys played the usual role in the foot
hills of Contra Costa County this after
noon, just -across the line from Ala
meda County. John Valtali, aged 14
years, insisted upon scuffling with hla
friend, Edward Lauritano, aged 16
while the latter held the rifle in his
hands, with the result that the wea
pon was discharged and inflicted a mor
tal wound upon Valtali. The bullet
entered/the boy's breast, pierced hir$
heart and emerged from the back,
death following half an hour afterward
The accident occurred at; 1 o'clock!
The boys had met with no success hi
their hunting and sat down to rest.
They decided to amuse themselves by
shooting at a demijohn. Lauritano
prepared to take the first shot and al
ready had the weapon aimed, when his
companion told him Jto get farther back.
Lauritano complied, but a second timf
Valtali caught him and dragged him
back. Lauritano was still willing to
comply and had just turned, when his
foot slipped on the hillside and *thu
rifle went off. . . .
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, April 10.
The forty or. more co-eds held the
middle of the great Greek stage. They
wore dresses of white dnck and looked
very becoming. This being the first
concert in the theater *-y the ; choral
society some of: the* members were
nervous at first uhder the scrutiny of
those 4500 eyes, but this wore off after
a while and the voices rang out strong
and clear. The following programme
was sung:
"Lift Tbme Kye« to the Mountains." from
Mendelssohn's "Elijah": '"Through Murmur
oun Leaves," G. Bartel: -"Spring Night,'.: W.
Harglel: "Sl«l«r« -Awake." Templeton Strong;
"Homewards." J. Rhelnberger; "Oh, Grateful
Evening Silence," C. Relnecke.
The concert; was "directed by David
W. Lorlng, founder of the Loring Club
of-San Francisco. ; .'
The Choral Society of the University
of California, an organization of wo
men students, entertained a great
crowd 3 of people this afternoon in the
Greek open air theater. It' was the
usual half hour of Sunday music and
not even the heat thai poured down
Into the pit was fierce enough to keep
the people away. It is estimated that
there were 4500 visitors there,, more
than half of them evidently, from San
Francisco, for every train brought
hundreds/who went directly to the
theater. .
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, April '10.' ,
enter Oxford without examination for
the academic year 1903-1904. The
scholarship, if properly taken advan
tage of, may continue for three years.
It is understood that this will not
be a distinctly competitive examina
tion. It is designed merely as a test
in order to make sure that the elected
member would be- able, should he
have been required, to pass the Ox
ford responsions. the matriculation ex
aminations for that university and the
lowest test required of the lowest man
that is allowed to continue work there.
The second Rhodes scholar will be
selected next year from among the
students of Stanford University. Every
.seventh year one Rhodes scholar will
be chosen from the smaller colleges of
California considered as a group. .The
California committee on Rhodes schol
arships includes President Wheeler as
chairman. President David Starr Jor
dan of Stanford University and Pro
fessor E. C. Norton of Pomona Col
lege.
This delay will give the committee in
charge of the projected celebration over
the entrance of the first Santa Fe
train into Oakland two weeks longer in
which to complete its programme.
General Manager A. G. Wells of the
Santa Fe has sent out official notifica
tion of the selection of the later date
to the chairman of the celebration
committee, M. J. Keller, and to J: J.
Warner, the Santa Fe commercial
agent in this city. General Manager
Wells said he regretted the delay, but
it was • unavoidable.
Opening of the Santa Fe railroad
operations in Oakland has been post
poned to May 15. The long continued
wet weather so seriously interfered
with construction work at the new de
pot and yards that the delay is nec
essary. May 1 was originally selected
at a time when It was thought every
thing would be In readiness. .
With fair weather the remainder of
this month and up to the date In May
which has been selected for the ' for
mal opening of business, the Santa Fe
people think there will be no difficulty
in getting things Into shape for the
handling of freight and passenger traf
fic.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, April 10.
Students and Graduates of
University of California
Want to Study at Oxford
John Valtali Loses His Life
Through Careless' Playing
With* a Loaded Firearm
Manager Wells Says Opera
tions in Oakland Will
Xot Begin Until May 15
Four Thousand Spectators
Hear Choral Society Con
cert in Open Air Theater
OAKLAND, April 10. — Marie For
tier, 45 years eld, fell and cut an
artery in her head this [ morning "at
Eleventh avenue and East Twenty
third street. The injury was treated
at the Receiving Hospital. Afterward
the woman was Bent to the City Prison
for intoxication.
Artery Cut by a Fall.
HUNTING TRIP
ENDS IN DEATH
DELAYS SANTA
FE INAUGURAL
CO-ED SINGERS
CHARM PEOPLE
ALAMEDA. April 10. — William J.
Gilbert of 1443 Dupont ctreet, San
Francisco, fell from a train on the
south side line this morning near Sher
man street and was rendered uncon
scious. He was conveyed»to the new
Receiving Hospital, where his injuries,
which were mostly on the head, were
treated by Dr. L. W. Stidham. Gil
bert was under the influence of liquor
when he tumbled from the train.
Tumbles From Train.
ALUMNI ASSOCIATION TO
GIVE ANNUAL BALL
TUKKO-BULGARIAN TREATY
MAY" RESULT IN PEACE
Will Contribute Materially Toward the
Re-Establishment of Cordial
Relations.
CONSTANTINOPLE, April 10.— The
signing of the Turko-Bulgarlan treaty
has been received with considerable
satisfaction in diplomatic circles here,
and it is believed it will contribute ma
terially toward the re-establishment of
relations between the two countries.
A consular telegram reports the ar
rest of the Armenian Bishop of Mush
and the 'members of the legislative
council for disseminating malevolent
reports.
AMERICANS PURCHASE THE
SANTA LUCRETIA MINE
New Owners Add New Machinery and
Will Exploit Property on
Lame Scale.
DURANGO Mex.. April- 10.—Vin
cente Estrada, a millionaire miner,
has sold one of his properties, the
Santa Lucretia, to an American com
pany for $3,000,000. The Santa Lu
cretia is one of the grea.t gold-pro
ducing mines of Durango. The pur
chasers Intend to exploit the property
on a very large scale and to this effect
machinery is being ordered from the
United States. \ SSa^S^P^
Former Students of Polytechnic Hfeh
School Will Entertain on Thurs
day Evening, April 14.
OAKLAND, April 10. — The Alumni
Association of the Oakland Poly
technic High School will give its third
annual ball at Reed Hall on Thurs
day evening, April 14. The grand
march will begin at 9 o'clock and
during the dancing refreshments will
be served in a pretty booth at one side
of the hall.
A. T. Boland will act as floor direc
tor and he will be assisted by Frank
Rittigstein and Wayne Ma thews. The
committees in charge of the ball are:
Floor—Walter E. Bullock, F. "Walter
Harden, John M. Kenny, William
Kurtz and Charles E. Burton Jr.; re
ception — Miss, Emma P. Bingham,
Miss Edna Price. Mrs. Amy C.
Mitchell. Miss . ' Hanna Taf t. Miss
Estelle Hart, Miss Mascotte Westwood
and Miss Mayme Jackson. ;I-..v~
Meaningless.— "Here's a poem we ac
cepted some time ago that nobody can
possibly make any sense out of at all,"
said the editor's assistant. "It hasn't
any title, either."
"Oh." rolled. the editor, "just call it
'The Sighing Soul' and run : it in."—
Philadelphia Press.
ARRIVED
Sunday. April 10.
Stmr AtJrella, Erlckson, 10 hours from Pert
Rodgers. ¦ • „
Stmr Gypsy. Inland. IS hours from Mosa
Landing and way porta. - . • • '
btmr Maggie, Corning. •* hour* from Half
moon Bay.
SAILED.
Sunday; April 10.
Stmr Newsboy, Alder, for Eureka.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN.
April 10 12 p. m. — Schrs John A., Jennie,
Stella, and William Olsen.
Last year 34.000 persons mysteriously
disappeared in London. Ninety per
cent of them were married men.
SANTA ROSA, April 10. — At an ewly morn
ing marriage in Cloverdale Sunday, Miss Mary
M. Sedgley and Carl Haehl. two prominent
young people," were united. The ceremony was
performed by the Rev. A. B. Snider, pastor of
the Congregational Church, at the residence of
the. bride's parents.
OAKLAND, April 10.— It was a case
of two men with four revolvers against
four men without any revolvers in the
holdup at the store of G. A. Grimes,
on the corner of the Redwood road
and School street last night. . The two
men with the four revolvers won. The
victims of the holdup were G. A.
Grimes, proprietor of the store; James
A. Clark, a carpenter living on Red
wood road; Stephen A. Tuttle, a mill
hand, and a man named Sweetman.
Grimes says that as near as he can
figure the robbers got $75 from him,
and he thinks they probably took
about $25 from the other three men in
the store. He tells the following story
of the holdup:
As near as I can fix the time now, the rob-
I think both of the njen were amateurs at
the business, for they were very nervous. As
th«y were both masked. I don't think I would
know either of them again if I should see
them. As soon as we thought it was sale, we
went cut and gave the alarm. .
In the meantime the other man had robbed
the three customers, and then the two of them
backed to the door, the man that had taken
the money from me saying: "Don't any of
you come outride until we get to our horses
or we'll shoot you full of holes," and then
thpy slipped out of the door. I don't think
they had any horses, for we did not hear any;
but I do believe that they were provided with
bicycles", for we did not hear a sound after
they got out of the store.
DESPOILS' -CUSTOMERS.
I saw that I would have to give up what
gold there was In the drawer, so I pulled it
all the way out. and the robber said: "That's
right: now dump !t on the counter," and I
did so and he dropped one of his guns Into
the side pocket of hts coat and kept the other
aimed at me while he picked ud the money.
drawer wider so I can see If there is any
more there."
I was In the store, waiting upon Mr. Sweet
man, ind while I was serving him Clark and
Tuttle came In. While' we were talking I saw
two men pass the window on the north side
of the door and a minute later they came into
the store. A» they started through -the door
I taw that they were masked and that each
of them carried two pistols. I thought it was
some of the boys in the neighborhood playing
a Joke on me; but when one of the fellows, who
was a tali, spare man. shoved his pistol against
me and told me to open the till and hand over
the money I knew that I was up against the
genuine article." I opened the cash drawer and,
taking out what silver there was in it. handed
It across the counter to the man, but he re
fused to take It and said "I've ffiven you one
chance, and now I'll give you one more, and
I don't want any 'more nonsense. Open that
bery took place about S o'clock, or perhaps
8:30, last night, and I think the thieves sot
between $60 and (75 from me; but, as I have
not yet figured up, I can't tell the exact
amount. I don't know how much they got
from the customers, but I should judge it to
be about (25.
ROBBERS ENTER STORE.
OAKLAND STORE THAT WAS RAIDED BY TWO MASKED ROBBERS AND PROPRIETOR OF THE ESTABLISHMENT.
WHO. WITH THREE OP HIS CUSTOMERS. WAS RELIEVED OF HIS GOLD, THE THIEVES PROFITING IN THE NEIGH
BORHOOD OF $100 THROUGH THEIR ENTERPRISE.
The First Congregational Church was
founded in a hayloft at the West End
twenty-five years ago by the Rev.
George Morris, who is still -a resident
of this city.
Among the i donors to the construc
tion fund of -i; the new church are the
trustees, $7300; George TV. Scott, $5000;
General M. H. Sherman of Los An
geles, $1000; Ladies' Aid Society, $2000;
Sunday school, $1000; Mrs. Augusta
Fletter, $500- Mrs. G. "y. Scott, $500;
Sunday school classes, $500; Mrs. L. P.
HItchlock. $500: C. M. Alexander, $250;
Miss Maud Scott, $200; Miss Rena
Scott, $200: J. R. Knowland, $100;
Kings' Daughters, $100; Mrs. Whit
man, $100; Mrs. 4 Charles Tyson, $100 and
George H. Tyson, $100.
This evening Dr. Hitchcock gave an
illustrated lecture, showing, some of
the noted buildings of the world and
what they typified. Among them were
the citadel of Cairo, built to ambition;
the pyramids, typifying death; the
coliseum, standing for passion and
pleasure; the. Louvre in Paris, the
home of art; the Claus Spreckels build
ing in San Francisco, typifying busi
ness, and the new church for his con
gregation, representing a fitting home
for the Christ.
ALAMEDA, April 10.— Twenty-flve
thousand dollars was subscribed to-day
toward the building fund of the $35,
000 house of worship to be erected by
the First Congregational Church.- Of
this amount $22,530 was contributed at
the morning services and the remain
der at the evening exercises. It was
the. largest church subscription . ever
recorded in a single day in the history
of Alameda, and the pastor of the First
Congregational Church, Rev. L. Potter
Hitchcock, and the trustees are highly
pleased with the moral and financial
support given the project,'. to the pro
motion of which they have devoted
their undivided energy for two years.
To-day's munificent cash offerings
mean that it will be but a short' time
before the corner-stone will be laid.
Dr. Hitchcock's method of acknowl
edging"the subscriptions as rapidly as
they were made was a novel and strik
ing one. NeaT the pulpit he had rest
ing on an easel a 6x4-foot picture, rep
resenting a pile of rocks. Each rock
bore on its tace values running from
$75 to $5000. When a. rock was pur
chased with a contribution It was re
moved, and as the pile Became smaller
there was disclosed behind the rocks a
perspective of the proposed new 'home
for the congregation. When the con
tributors ceased buying rocks this
evening the pile looked as if -it had
been blasted with dynamite. There is
not much of it left, and what remains
can be secured cheap, as the higher
priced rocks have all been disposed of.
Before soliciting donations Dr.
Hitchcock delivered an address lead
ing up to the point and the pile of
rocks. He said In part:
Reading my Bible the other day. I came
across a secret by which we make our dream
of a new church possible. This secret leaked
out In a meeting: of the trustees two months
ago and your pastor wrote down the unani
mous belief of the board. If this secret be
manifest among the people, then we will build
the church. I have felt that It would be
wrong for me to withhold the secret, and so,
even If I Incur the displeasure of the board of
trustees, I am going to divulge that secret.
During the last few menths Alameda has
been awakening from a sort of Rip Van Winkle
slumber. Grand things have been done in the
past to make our city a delightful place, and
the oftener you xtray array the more thankful
you are that Alameda belongs to you. But we
have been resting on past laurels and others
have been outstripping us In the race, and
many a blessing of prosperity has slipped by
us and gone to another. But now, with the
railroad matter settled, we have unearthed
the one talent we rolled up and burled in a
napkin of indifference some years ago, and we
have begun to put It to use and on all sides
we are hearing, "Alameda to the fore!" Now
we are looking over what we have don» In
the past and studying means for future better
ments. -....'...'
One of the most important deals in
county real estate is the recent sale of
the Mer\Jwa stock farm at Pleasanton,
formerly owned by R. E. de B. Lopez,
and transferred by him through the
Bank of Livermore to J. Butler, a
millionaire horse-owner of New York,
who will use the place as a training
and breeding farm. Mr. Butler has
recently purchased about forty-five
young horses, all of which will be put
Into training at Merriwa at once.
J. J. Mason of Berkeley reports the
sale last Tuesdaj' of a piece of prop
erty on the corner of Addison street
and Shattuck avenue, 138x150 feet, to
Fred A. Dakin, a manufacturer of
hollow concrete stone, and the pur
chaser will soon begin the erection of
a three-story business block of this
material. Th,e purchase price of this
property is reported to have been $35,
000.
Berkeley real estate is in great de
mand by homeseekers. especially since
the Alcatraz avenue line is to be ex
tended to Bancroft way. and in this
vicinity prices have steadily advanced
until in some cases values are double
what they were' two or three years
ago. Among the recent deals reported
by W. C. Moran of South Berkeley are
the following:
Building lot on Fairview street, sold
to C. H. Dimick; residence on Grant
street, sold to F. C. Nickle by J. Alme
felt: building lot on Fairview street,
sold to A. M. Jones; building lot on
Fairview street, sold to Nathan
Pushie: cottage at 1623 Oregon street,
rented to Benjamin Rheinholdt. Mr.
Moran also reports that Architect J.
C. Halloway has asked for bids for
the erection of a building on McGee
street, which will be occupied by James
Stephens, and that L. Biermith is hav
ing plans drawn for the construction
of a two-story dwelling on. King
street which is to be occupied by him
self and family.
CORNER DIS" SED OF.
Another important transaction was
the purchase by Daniel P. Durst of a
large tract of land near Fortieth street
and San Pablo avenue. The property
is a part of the Coggeshall Tract and
was sold to Durst by Mrs. Eliza H.
Scotchler. It is understood that the
purchase price was $35,000. A tract
of sixty acres near Fruitvale was re
cently purchased by Mr. Durst, the
price paid being $60,000.
LARGE TRACT SOLD
.The spring realty market has open
ed up in earnest and dealers in Oak
land real estate have their hands full
supplying the wants of buyers and an
swering inquiries from prospective
purchasers. Market conditions are the
pa me in Alameda and Berkeley and
from present indications Alameda
County real estate will be in greater
demand than at any other time since
1 property on this side of the bay was
first placed on the market.
So far the activity has not been con
fined to residence property, several
large deals in business property hav
ing been recently closed, among them
being a lease between C. H. King, the
East Oakland capitalist and the Poly
technic Business College for the erec
tion of a four-story building on the
corner of Twelfth and Har
rison streets. This lease was closed
by the Laymanee Real Estate Com
pany.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call
1118 Broadway, April 10.
SEVEN SEEKING
A SCHOLARSHIP
¦ Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1118 Broadway, April 10.
• Thr«»e quartets of a square block of
buildings. $25,000 loss and one man
injured seriously and another painful
ly is the record of a lire that started
year the corner of Ninth and Frank
lin streets this evening and swept
through a mass of Chinese opium
joints, cheap lodging houses and
stables. While the fire was in a lot
of old rookeries ii was s=till in the heart
of town and the very fact that the
buildings were old and flimsy made it
dangerous for better structures that
surrounded them.
The lire was discovered shortly af
ter 10 o'clock in the rear of a stable
operated by A. S. Hanks on Franklin
street, midway between Eighth and
Ninth streets. The fire is believed to
have originated from a spark that was
dropped on the ilimsy old stable from
the plumbing shop of Barker & Kin
r.«?y. just across Ninth street. By the
time it was discovered the rear of the
llodel lodging house on the corner of
Ninth and Franklin streets had caught
lire and when the engines arrived the
corner was in a fierce blaze. The
buildinps were so liimsy that the fire
thread with great rapidity and it wus
only by the greatest efforts that the
Webster street frontage and a portion
of the Eighth street frontage was
•caved.
¦BRISK BOMBAKDMKNT.
When the fire got into one of the
Chinese stores on Ninth street it
reached 10,000.000 firecrackers that
mere being saved for the next Chinese
New Year, and for several minutes
there was a bombardment of firecrack
ers and bombs that made a lively ac
companiment to the fire.
The carriage manufactory of Sohst
Brothers, on the corner of Eighth and
Franklin streets, was saved after a
fight. Most of the stock was saved and
the building was but little damaged.
.Tom Magee's expensive automobile was
in the shop, but it was not seriously
injured. The Sohst shop was saved
by the new Monitor that was put at
work for the first time.
Nearly all of the places burned were
rioted and notorious." The Model lodg
ing-house on the corner was built by
Dr. Ambrose Saunders. Thp building
was constructed in violation of the fire
ordiances and in the building Dr.
Saunders uas arrested several times.
He has since sold the property to T.
¦Donohue.
Just behind the Model lodging
house were several small shops
and then came Chin Fook's
Chinese meat shop, the proprie
tor . being one of the wealthy
residents of Chinatown. Then came
the famous old opium joint that was
recently raided by Sergeant Clark.
These places were entirely destroyed.
The Chinese Mission on Franklin
street, next to . Sohst's shop, was de
stroyed. It was owned by S. Keane.
The Webster-street frontage was not
injured.
BOSSES ARE SAVED.
The two-story house on Eighth street
owned and occupied by W. Avan was
entirely destroyed. The rest of the
property to the corner of Webster
street was formerly owned by C. J.
Wetmore and escaped with but littl*?
damage. The stable of Fred Becker
on Eighth street, owned by Avan, was
destroyed, but all of the horses and
rigs were saved.
..W. I. Heyn and Deputy County Clerk
Charles Pugh arrived on the scene in
time to save sixteen horses and most
of the rigs from Hanks' stable on
Franklin street. E. E. Laymanee was
f arly en the scene and did good work
in saving property.
The only men injured were Fred
Jeffries, sixty years of age, who jump
ed from the second story of the lodg
ing house, and F. M. French, who hurt
his hand in saving property.
Ajred 3Ian Is Injured by
Jumping: From Second
Story of Lodging -House
Rev. Dr. Hitchcock, the Pas
tor, Presents an Unique
Plan of Securing .Funds
W. J. and Grace E. Mortimer (wife) to Will
iam A. Margaret Thompson, lot 13. block G,
map of Tuohy's Second Addition to Berkeley,
Oakland Township; $10O.
Harriet E. Turnbull (single — by Thomas
Tumbull. attorney) to Continental Building and
Loan Association. NW 3 feet of lot 15. map of
K«:ier*s Rose Park. Oakland; $10.
Nannie E. and O. M. Jones (husband) to
Cyrus H. and Mary D. Daniels (Joint tenancy,
reversion to survivor), lot on N line of Vine
street. 90 E of Louisa. E 45 by N 60. portion
lot 19 block 3. Graves and Taylor tract (deed,
made to correct error in 939 D. 116). Berkeley;
$10.
Samuel E. and Minnie E. Knowles to Anren
A Stafford, lot on W line of Chestnut street.
157:6 N o* Santa Clara avenue. X 50 by W
108. Alameda: $10.
Delanoy-Randlett Company (corporation) to
Attlllo Pola lot on E line of Laurel street. 40O
S of Clinton avenue. S 40 by E 13O. lot 22.
block A, Bellevue tract, Alameda; $10.
Delia Duffy to John and George Lubbln, lot
on N line of Pacific avenue, 125 W of Seventh
street. W 32:0 by N 150. lot 12. block B. Shep
ardson property. Alameda: $10.
"William and Sophie O'Neill (wife) to George
II. Brackett. lot on N Una of Fifty-eighth
street. 40 W of Los Angeles. W 40 by N 100.
lot 17. block G, Golden Gate Tract. Oakland:
$10.
Thomas P. and Rowena R. Harden (wife)
and las attorney) C. M.- Willari and M. E.
Danghcrty. re-r«cord. S&4 Di 138. lot on NE
line of Nolan street, or Thirty-third and West
streets. N 100 by E 136, lots 1. 2 and portion
of 24, block E. property of Central Land Com
pany (formerly Brown tract). Oakland; $1».
James H. and Pauline Hunter (wife) to Jean
E. Hunter. 23T> srjuare feet, being lot 302. in
plat 14. section B, Mountain View Cemetery.
Oakland Township: $1. ¦
Manfred Goldman to Florentine Goldman
(wife), lots 1 to 3 and 26. block F. map
Tuohy's Second Addition to Berkeley, Oakland
Township; also lot on E line of Walnut street.
350.31 N of Eunice street. N 35 by E 134. lot
14. block 2. map The Highlands, a resubdl
vteion of blocks 1 to 3. Tuohy's Addition to
Berkeley. Oakland Township; also lot on E
line of Walnut street. SS5.31 N of Eunice. N
12 by E 134. being portion of lot 15. block 2.
game, relinquishing all interest In above de
scribed property as community property; Rift.
Jonas I. and Addie R. Bower* (wife) to Mar
garet David.xon. lot on S line of Berkeley way,
1JH.30 E of Louisa.* E 35 by S 110. lot 37, Col
leg* Tract, Berkeley: $10.
The Real Estate Combine to Realty Syndi
cate (a corporation), re-record 5S6 D. 453. 4
acres beginning at NE corner of Folsom and
Center streets, Curtis Tract, thence NE 3JM.03.
NW 454.05. SW 396. 0C, SE 431.00 to beginning.
Curtis Tract and portion plat 64. etc., Berke
ley; $10.
Charles H. and Josephine S. Kegley to Otto
Reichel, lot on S corner of Hudson street (since
widened) and Third avenue. ! SW 315 by SE
221:6. lots 4 and 5 (less strip 7:6 taken for
widening Hudson street), block L. Vemon
Park. Oakland; $10.
SATURDAY. APRIL. 9..
E. S. and Margaret Angel (wife) to Mary A.,
Manrte A.. Emma J. and Nellie W. MoffUt (all
«ln|le)..lot on N corner of Tenth avenue and
East Twenty.flrst street. NE 100 by NW 10O
portion of lots 11 and 12. block 131 A. map of
ttrennan Estate property, blocks 117 and IM
etc.. East Oakland; S1O. .
Same to Frank J. MoMtt. lot on NE line of
East Twentv-flrs>t .street. ICO NW of Tenth
avenue NW 50 by NE 100. portion of lots 11
and 12. block 131A. same map. East Oak-
a puget Sound Lumber Company (corporation)
to Henry W. Anstey. lot 14. block C. Suburban
"t. 0 F. and Mary N~. Rayon (wife> to ataybell
N. Johnston (slnsrle), lot on E line of Myrtle
street. 43:1% E from S line of Twenty-first.
S 30 by E 95. portion of .lot* 31 and 32. map
of Subdivision of Watts Tract. Oakland: *10.
Manuel and Maria Gomez (wife) to Jose Ek
nacio Lalnhas, lot on "W line of Hellen or Hor
ton street 73 S of A or Thirty-second. _« *3
by W.-1W. block K. lands of Peralta Home
stead Association. Oakland: $2O0O. ;.
Real Estate Combine <con>oratlon> to tm»
Realty Syndicate, re-record M0 D. 46T. lot on
E line of Adeline street. \W S of Evoy arenue
or Fortieth street, S 143, E 177. N 73 to point
27 S from N boundary Une of Klmball Tract,
measured en E line of lot 105. W to beginning
lota 13 to 17 and portion of lots 14. 105 and
106. Map of Klmball Tract. Oakland; $10. .
Same to tame, re-record 571 1>- 307. lot on
W line of West street. 24:3 S of Forty-third. S
15O:9, "W 67:1. N 13O. E 70. lot» 1 to 5. block
2093, Paradise Dlat. Oakland: also lot on.SK
corner of WeKt and Forty-third streets. E 440
by S 200, lots 1 to 22 and 43 to 58, block 2002.
same mao, Oakland: also lot on W line of
West street. 108 :C S of Forty-second, S 82, bv
W 67:1, lots 6. 7 and portion of lots 5 and B.
block 20SS. same raaD. Oakland; also lot on
XV line of West street. 231 :«S S of Forty-sec
ond. W 67:1. 8 78. E 70. N 60. portion of lot
10. all of lot 11 and triangular piece adjoining
aald lot 11. on S line of block 2088. same map.
Oakland; $10.
Alameda Count y.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTION'S.
Prices in North Oakland
and South Berkeley Have
Doubled in Three Years
VALUES ON THE RISE
ROCKEIUES DESTROYED
MEMBERS BUY "ROCKS"
Dealers in Alameda County
l\eal Estate Report Very
Active Market for Week
Congregational Church of
Alameda Secures Nearly
the Entire Sum Necessary
Three-Quarters of a Square
Block of Buildings in
Heart' of City Is' Burned
FIRE RAGES
IN OAKLAND
RAISE MONEY
FOR BUILDING
MUCH PROPERTY
CHANGES HANDS
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMED A
THE SAN FRANCISCO :GALL^ MONDAY, APRIL, li;. 1904;
Armed With Revolvers; Two Highwaymen Raid Store of G. A.
Grimes and, in a Manner Calculated to Dispel Any Ideaof Resist
ance, Compel Proprietor and Customers to Give Up Their Gold
MASKED ROBBERS ADD FOUR OAKLAND
CITIZENS TO THEIR LIST OF VICTIMS
4
ORDER F"OR THE
GREAT TWENTIETH CENTURY COOK BOOK.
UaU Thli Order to 7H« San rnaeUco Call WltX 75o>
Xhe ; San Francisco Call.
. San Francisco. Cat:
Inclosed herewith please find 75c for which send me- era* .
eopy of The Call's Qreat Twentieth Century Cook Book. (Fifty
Cents is The Call's Premium rate to all its six-month subscrib-
ers to the daily and Sunday paper, and the additional 35c u
¦' to prepay shipping charges.) *
: SIGNET .............................. ......... ....„««».
STREET .' — L — -
CITY . . «r^ .-* . . —*•. ». «mm*»wm W m'. I
state ................................. .!!i~™.rrr«3iz
Telephone North 77.
ALA3IEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 4592.
• OAKLAND.
1118 Broadway-
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY-
2148 Center Street.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTYCommissioner La grave Says the Prin
cipal Feature Will Be the' .
Fine Arts.
FRANCE TO HAVE FIXE
EXHIBIT AT ST.. LOUIS
WASHINGTON, April .10.— The Geo
logical i Survey has \ received a' report of
an : extensive \ deposit of j Alaskan ; coal,
accessible to the ; Pacific t Ocean. 1 , located
from "twelveV to vtwenty r five: miles in
land, f roni Controller j Bay , ; Alaska. The
coal fields lie behind the Controller -Bay
oil fields, at-the. foot of : the •¦ Chugach'
Mountains. ",^The >. coal -i and ;-. oil >
found ¦ to^ be . in i two ; distinctly / separate
'formations that - lie : in ; roughly: parallel
belts. 1 " * The /coal *, area,', as i at€.present
recognized, - includes ,' about ¦ eighty-five
square? miles. ."^The ¦ coal ; resembles *. the
harder .\ bituminous 'i coals , 'of i.the s East,
mora than it'does;anthracite. ; ' ;• '
Extensive ' Deposits k 'Are . Located ¦. Near
the Controller Bay Oil ,
Fields.
EXTENT 'OF* GREAT. COAL
FIELDS • FOUND I IN
.. The glow of the rising sun is a gilt edge'on the
horizon— a promise t>r pbwfjr and purity, as in
the brand "Old Gilt Edge"on whiskey. Whole
sale at 320 Clai «U. : WU.bmaiu LuUtoa A Cu. ' *
Nautical Computer Wonted.
The United States Civil *Service
Commission announces an examina
tion on April 19 to secure eligibles
from which to make certification to
fill a vacancy in the position of assist
ant (maU) in the Nautical Almanac
office at $1000 per annum, and other
similar vacancies as they may occur.
Age limit, 20 years or over. Persons
who desire to compete should at once
apply either to the United States Civil
Service Commission, Washington, D.
C, or to the secretary of the local
Board of Examiners, 301. Jackson
street,' San Francisco, for application
form 1312, which should be properly
executed and filed with the commis
sion at Washington. Persons who are
unable to file their formal applications
and notify the commission of this fact,
either by letter or telegram, with the
request that they be permited to take
the examination, will be examined,
subject to the subsequent filing of
their application, provided their re
quests are received by the commission
in sufficient time to forward examina
tion papers.
PROGRESS OF IRRIGATION*
. WORK IX THE WEST
Construction Operations Along Salt
jj and Truckee Rivers Is Pro
; . . ceeding Rapidly.
WASHINGTON, April 10.— The prog
ress made in the irrigation work of the
Government is reviewed in a 'publica
tion issued by the, Geological Survey,
which points', out the necessity ; for
great caution and conservatism in, the
expansion of the reclamation work. It
says that of the irrigation projects fav
orably reported in 1903, which included
those on the Truckee '.River in Nevada;
on the Salt River in'ATizona: on the
Milk River in Montana; on Sweetwater
River in Wyoming and on Gunnison
River in Colorado, the Nevada and
Arizona projects have been found feas
ible and construction on the engineer
ing works 'along the -Truckee and Salt
rivers has progressed to a reasonable
extent. m
The Montana project, however, has
presented unexpected -engineering diffi\
culties, ' as well as ' complications ' re-'
gardlng water rights, so that progress
is slow. It has been found necessary
to modify the first plans in order to
achieve early results. The Wyoming
project, as first outlined, has i been
found impracticable. A; better reser
voir sight than that on the Sweet
water River, however, has been; dis
covered on the North Platte, so that a
large system of development -may be
worked out there in the future. ¦-,,¦
Engineering difficulties are encoun
tered in the i Colorado project. •
The census bureau, in a preliminary
report on irrigation in- New Mexico in
1902, shows 254,945 acres irrigated from
all sources.-. The number of farms rep
resented was 9285 and the. average cost
per irrigated acre $16 87. Since 1893
the irrigation area has Increased 51,052
acres, or twenty-five per cent; while
the Increase for the decade of 1889-39
was over. 122 per cent. ¦ \ .
Warm Weather Causes Thousands to
Seek the- Beach— Serious Acci
dent to Samuel Nelson.
Large crowds availed themselves of
the opportunity' to get a good breath
of ocean air yesterday, gnd the beach
around the Cliff House and for miles to
the southward was "thronged with pic
nickers, many whole families Enjoying
the cool ocean breezes. Scampering
children waded in shallow water and
basked on the sands along the ocean's
edge.
The day was a perfect one and it
seemed that all San Francisco w'as out
to have a good time in the open air,
after the long siege of rain and storms/
Samuel Nelson, who was spending
the day at the beach, met with an acci
dent while attempting to open a soda
water bottle. The bottle burst and a
piece of glass struck him in the eye.
He was taken to the Park Hospital and
later removed to his home on Mission
street. He may lose the sight of the
injured eye.
LARGE CROWDS GATHER ;
AT THE OCEAN'S EDGE
Personals.
Mr. and Mrs. Barney A. Phillips
have left for Reno, New
Mr. and Mrs. S. Goldstein and son,
Nat, have^ left for a tour through
Southern California. Upon their return
they will reside at their present home,
902 Eddy street.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Meyer were at home
Saturday and Sunday at 861 Hayes
street. They will depart for Europe
on the 20th inst.
Jacob S. Jonas, a merchant of San
Bernardino, having spent ten days In
this city, left for home last evening.
Rev. and Mrs. G. K. Noble, who have
been spending the winter on the coast,
will return to their home in Washing
ton, D. C, this week.
Mr. Emanuel Wiener returned horn*
last Thursday on the Santa Rosa from
Los Angeles, where he has been dur
ing the past six months.
Mr. E. Lanzendorf and Miss Agnes
Lanzendorf leave, next Thursday for
a six" months' trip to Europe.
Mrs. -A. Levingstone of 623 Haight
street will leave on the 21st for a
trip to Europe to visit her parents and
will receive on the second Tuesday
and Wednesday of this month.
Dr. Henry du R. Ph !an and fam
ily have returned to this city after an
absence of five years, spent mostly in
the Philippines, where the doctor h^Jd
the' rank of army surgeon.
The ladies of the Deutscher Club
have • arranged a leap year reception
to take place at Golden Gate Hall Sat
urday evening next.
Mrs. .Thenie J. Burns and her two
daughters have gone East to spend the
summer with Mrs. Burns' mother,
with a prospect that they will remain
there permanently.
• Miss Rosine D. Ennery's dancing
class will contine under the direction of
the Misses White. %\\ . of her former
patrons will be cordially received.
Miss Tessie Summerfleld entertained
a few friends last evening at the Jeffer
son Club. After j bowling . during the
evening, supper was served In the ban
quet room. The following were present:
Miss S. Rosenberg, Mr. Walter Clarke.
Mr. A. Weingarten, Mr. W. Summer
field and Miss T. Summerfield.
The Romita Club held its ninety
sixth assembly and german at Assem
bly. Hall, Red Men's building, 320 Post
street, on Saturday evening last. A
reorganization has been recently ef
fected, hence the change of hall and
other improvements.
The members of the Entre Nous Co
tillon will give their final assembly and
german of the present season next
Friday evening, April , 15, in the ball
room of the Palace Hotel.
The newly, organized gentlemen's so
cial club of Sausalito, "The Lantern
Club."";- -celebrated its first gath
ering "with a ' "flash" Saturday
evening, April 2. The"- club oc
cupies one of the large, commodious
houses high " up on the hill. Several
Bohemian Club members from this side
of the "bay went over to help launch
the new club pn the sea of jollity. The
club's members represent the* promi
nent social hill set of Sausalito and
promises a bright future for sociabil
ity and goodfellowship. Music was
furnished by the chorus composed of
Charles Leonard, Clarence Wendell, J.
H. McGinity, William Klink, Dr. Bur
well, R. C. S., Arthur Brown, Mr.
Maher and Frank B. Findley. Papers
were read by George A. Story, . J. M.
Kllgarlf ,and Captain J. C. Cantwell.
Speeches were made by William J.
Martin; A. J. Treat, Robert Harrison.
W. M. Roberts and Gordon Ross. Pic
tures and cartoons were presented to
the club by artist members, Gordon
Ross, L. Maynard Dixon and H. R.
Bloomer. The club is in a flourishing
condition and quarters ""are attractive
ly fitted up. There are about eighty
on the membership list, which is con
stantly Increasing. The officers of the
Lantern Club are:. .
President. George A. Story: vice president,
John M. Kilgarif ; secretary, H. Clay Miller;
treasurer, W. M. Roberts.
A small contingent from the Cali
fornia Women's Whist League enjoyed
their weekly game of bowling on Wed
nesday afternoon. The time was de
lightfully spent and luncheon wae
served ~ after the -game. Among the
players were:. "
. Mrs. Eugene Duffy, Mrs. F. A. Llnz,
Mrs. W. A. Richardson, Mrs. Frances
Young, . Mrs. Christenson, Mrs. Mc-
Cartney and Mrs. James F. Osborne.
Mr." and: Mrs. Harry Chase, Miss Hayes, Mr.
and Mrs. William T. Sesnon, Mr. and Mrs.
C C. Moore. Mr. and Mrs. Heber Tllden. Mr.
and Mrs. Poindexter Mr. and Mrs. Hugo
Kail. Mr. and Mrs. R. 1. Bentley. Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Deering. Dr. and Mrs. Hill, Judge
F. H. Kerrigan and Fred Michael. .
fortnightly, game of bowling. The
gam" went merrily along until 11
o'clock, after which light refreshments
were served. Among those /present
were: . : •
Home Parties.
Mr. Williard Wood entertained a
number of his bachelor friends Easter
Sunday evening at 703 Sutter street. A
delightful supper was served at mid
night. Mr. Sidney Mansfield of the
Mary Mannering company, Mr. Grant
Churchill, Mr. Edward Stower. Mr. G.
Clarence Browne* Mr. Harry Neiman
and Mr. William Richardson were his
guests. : s .
Miss Anna Buckley entertained de
lightfully at luncheon last. Tuesday at
her home, 1037 Golden Gate avenue.
The guests were:
Miss Margaret Lacy, . Hiss Agnes Clinton,
The marriage of Miss Etta Clay
burgh, daughter of the late Albert
Clayburgh.rand Edward William Gun
ther will take place next Thursday af
ternoon at the of the | bride,
in the presence of the relatives and
near friends of the contracting parties.
. A quiet home wedding took place in
Vallejo Sunday, March 27, at the resi
dence of Mr. and Mrs. W. I Allen,
when their' daughter/ Miss Maude M.
Allen, was united In marriage to 'Jean
A. Grove. .The bride's father per
formed the ceremony, assisted by Rev.
W. Augwin. pastor of the Methodist
Church. The' young couple were a'
tended by Miss Thelma Grove and Will
Leaves : and were . united beneath a
floral Lower, in the prettily decorated
parlor. An informal reception fol
lowed:- ; the ceremony, during which
dainty, refreshments were served and
many good wishes showered upon the
happy couple who thus start their life
journey, so auspiciously.., Mr. Grove is
employed at the Navy. Yard and after
a «short .honeymoon tour he and his
bride will reside in; Vallejo.
Among the prettiest of Easter wed
dings was that of Dr. D. R. Van
Amringe and Miss Mary F. Cusick,
which took place at the home of the
bride's mother. > The parlors were
transformed into a bower of Easter
lilies and spring blossoms, and pre
sented a very pretty picture as the
bridal party entered,* to the strains of
Mendelssohn's wedding march. The
bride/ escorted by, her brother, looked
charming in a pearl gray crepe de
chine gown over light blue silk and
large picture hat of white chiffon and
roses. She carried a shower of Easter
lilies. Miss Josephine Cusick,. the sis
ter of the bride, made, a very pretty
maid of honor in a pale green silk
gown and lace \ \ hat. Edward R.
Eliasson, a prominent attorney of Oak
land, acted as best man. After a short
honeymoon Dr. and Mrs. Van. Amringe
will, go to their newly furnished' home
in Sonoma. Among; the many and
costly presents was; a handsome silver
tea service.
' The wedding of Miss Rose Melbourne
and William J. Bradley took place last
night at, St.: Mary's Cathedral at 7
o'clock. Miss Melbourne, has been for
many years in the office of the Palace
Hotel.. Mr. Bradley, Is in the office of
the San Francisco Gas Company. He
is a' Native Son and very well-known
in- this city.. He is one. of the finest
goTf players of the Presidio Club. He
is a brother of Mrs. James F. Guthrie.
After a tour of the southern part of
the State the young couple will reside
at '1008 Golden Gate avenue. '
At high; noon. on Saturday Miss Car
men \ Dorothy, Bradford,." daughter of
Judge and Mrs." H. L. Bradford of this
city,;-' was 'wedded 'to. Charles \ Witmer
Sullivan 6f Washington, D. C. The
ceremony took place : at>- St. Stephen's
Church on j Fulton street, - The bride is
a W'ell-known Notary Public. The
bridegroom' is* a -young .'man/ well and
favorably* known in -Washington. D. C.
The . church was decorated ,with flowers.
After the" wedding a '.'I luncheon was
served at the residence of the bride's
parents.. ... 101 Webster . street. The
bridesmaids were Miss Emily Clack of
Menlo Park and Miss , Annie Cunning
ham of San Francisco. Miss Ruby
Ramdohr of 308 Van Ness avenue was
'maid of lipnor. George Killets of this
city was best man and Clarence Brown
of - Oakland and Alfred W. Harff of
this city completed the list of attend
ants. The yc-ung couple will' go to
Yosemite on. their honeymoon.
• ¦ \ • ¦ .* •:
.Weddings.
Club Parties.
. Memb'ers of the Colonial. Club met as
usual on Tuesday evening for their
AMATEURS GIVE MUSICAL
TRAVESTY WITH SUCCESS
,.Wallace Dougall, president of th°
ciub.Vwill again present the; burlesque
in the hear; future." "
• The burlesque, /'The Princess of
Bhong," given Saturday night at Stein
way Hall by<the ; M<$hican Club, proved
a' big, success.. : The travesty .was. writ
ten by -Leland' Ramsdell, who deserves
great" credit for- the excellent .produc
tion; ' " >
1 The cast was composed of fifty young
men- who took both the male : and:* the
female parts.-* The solos^and choruses
were new to ;the vast audience, some
of them being sung here for the - first
time. Each number oh the programme
was encored.
Howard 1 ! deCourcey, well known
to'San Francisco audiences, made a big
hit as , Professor Zachafy ' Ketchem.
Louis ; ;Betaud,. Thomas',^Humph
ries,, Herbert Mee, Carroll Malcolm and
Albert'; Kern .were especially good.
. 1 Others; that : took' part /were .Chester
Rodgers, George Sherbeck, Ed McMann
and' William, Devlin. V
Mohican Club Produces Burlesque
Entitled "Princess of Bhong". in
Excellent Style.
A^ literary . and i musical ; matinee was
given -fat"; Golden Gate • Hall ¦. yesterday
afternoon by ."'the? pupils fof <Mme:; Las
sale-Vauthier and Mile. , Emilie' Lassale, 1
under ¦:?. the v patronage 'of >, the Alliance
Francais: ..The hall- was crowded "k with
fashionable}' people, 7 who '. showed deep
appreciation : of < ;>ithe '." entertainment
given by^the ambitious young artists. *^~
Clever. Pupils Give . Matinee.
Joseph Mallon,- alias . Mitchell,, was
booked \ at the v City. Prison ; yesterday
by Detect! ves < 6'Dea'and " Mulcahy ," and
Policeman 'Blerman ion a charge of bur
glary.>iHe'is accused -of., having!, broken
into ¦ a- tool i 1 house on • Fell ; street, \near
Golden "; Gate" Park,;! last \- Friday - night
and ; stolen : ; a > sackful of carpenters'
tools/ : ; ,
Accused of ; Burglary.
In . accordance with the wish t of .the
Holy Father, Pius X.'who desired that
special services should be held as prep
aration for the .fiftieth anniversary
of the promulgation of the dogma of
the immaculate conception, the second
Sunday of each month has been select
ed at St. Ignatius Church for the serv
ice. Yesterday there was ; a
sermon on the Blessed Virgin by the
Rev. -father, DIonyslus Mahony, . with
the solemn benediction of the Blessed
Sacrament, the Rev. Bartholomew
Calzia, celebrant. \ The Rev. Joseph
Hlckey was deacon,, the Rev.. Father
Anthony Tardella sub-deacon and th«
Rev.. Father John Forhan was ** the as
sistant priest. I
| The prayer to the Immaculate Virgin,
recently composed byJPlus X and re
cited before the Blessed Sacrament by
the celebrant, is as follows: ; .
• VIrKin, most holy, ,who didst 'please the
I^ord an<r become his' 'mother, immaculate' in
body, in mind, in faith and in love; In this
solemn jubiles ' of the proclamation of the
dcRma which announced thee ¦ to> the -whole
world as conceived without sin, look ' kindly,
on the wretched ones who, implore thy power
ful patronage. The evil serpent, against whom
was hurled the first curse, unhappily continues
to attack and bejruile the poor children of Eve.
But do thou, oh blesped mother, our queen
and advocate, who from the first i instant of
thy conception didst crush the enemy's head,
receive the prayers which, united with thee in
one heart, we conjure thee to present, before
the throne of God, that we may never be led
Into the snares that are belne woven for us,
so that all may reach the port of salvation,
and the church and Christian society,' in spite
of all the perils that environ them, may sine
again the hymn of liberation, victory and
peace. Amen,
There was a large assemblage of de
vout worshipers. • - ;
Engagements.
' Mrs. P: Ansell announces the engage
ment of her daughter, Edna Madeline,
to Louis AS Colton 6f j this city. They
will receive in the near future.
Mrs. Eda Morris of 12351 Ellis street
announces "the- engagement; of ,_her
daughter, Pauline, to Victor' Aaron.
MANY DEVOUT ATTEND
Rev. Father Calzia Recites
Words of Holy Father Be
; fore Large j Congregation
In education lies th« hope of the
world. In proportion to the education
of Its people does a country take rank
In the assembly of nations. Therefore
it is that governments have seen fit to
enact "compulsory education" laws—
and among them, rather tardily, how
ever, has the State of California framed
laws upon the subject. In 1874 the
State passed the first compulsory edu
cational measure, but It lay practically
Inert upon the statute books until a
new law was framed at the last Legisla
ture^ — and It was for the passage of
this vital measure that the women's
clubs of this and other cities labored
early and late— even sending delega
tions to Sacramento to further the In
terests of the bill.
But having- a law on the books and
enforcing that law are two -widely di
vergent conditions. That the law is
being violated daily In San Francisco
Is a well-known fact to any observer —
that Is, Jf he is searching for the truth
and really wants to find It.
Girls and boys under 14 are occupied
In various stores, about town In vari
ous capacities, mostly as cash bearers,
and are thus deprived of the benefits
cf the public schools. "Dont they go
to night school?" No. good friend. The
night school can't receive pupils under
14— according to the charter— end there
you are!
In order to have definite Information
uj>on the number of children not per
mitted to receive their natural rights,
the city was divided Into districts for
Investigation, the South Park Settle
ment accepting the district in which it
Is located— the territory confined be
tween Harrison and Channel streets.
Fourth and the water front.
On Saturday at the annual meeting
of the philanthropic body the results of
the investigation were given out.
Miss.Ludle Eaves, a university wo
man with special training for settle
ment work, rendered the report and
v. Hh the accuracy typical of the train
ed mind, rendered a succinct account
of the wort.
In the district mentioned It was
found that 432 children between the
ages of five and seventeen were not
attending any school, public or pri
vate. I have not at hand the num
ber of thesp children that are at work,
but jio doubt a goodly proportion will
be found to be wage-earners, while the
larger number, alas! belongs to tin
"truant" class — "truant." sometimes
with the parents' knowledge, if not
consent. And it is this class with which
Ihe Board of Education has to do —
with which the truant officers have to
do, and It is from this idle class that
- nminals are recruited. If you doubt
it. examine the old school register
\\ hrre the present day criminals were.
in their boyhood, nominal pupils. The
principals of the city schools can throw
much light on the early careers of
many of them.
To be sure, many an exemplary citi
~.<jn — and bia father before him — played
"hookey" when fishlnjr was good, or a
• ircus in to*.vn. But that class of lads
is. of course, not included In "he "tru
ar.'s" here discussed.
Now. what remains to be done with
those 422 children — and their compa
triots all over the city — that are denied
the richts that the Government has ;
guaranteed to them? Here is the prob
lem thnt transcends any other before
tho .State to-day.
Educate our youth, by force, if we
rr.ust. but educate them. But how can
we get at them? H*»re is the problem.
The Forum Club presents an inter
esting programme for the remaining
flays in April.
On Wednesday next Miss Agnes G.
Jlurphy of London, a clever and witty
exponent of club life in the English
capital, will talk informally upon club
matters. Vocal numbers >vill be given
by Mrs. Cora Hall, Emilyn Lewis ac
companying.
On the following, day Mrs. J. R.
Hanify will direct the programme,
¦which will be along the lines of Irish
wit and humor. .
On the following Wednesday the
election occurs, when Mrs. Henry
Payot. the president who has guided
the club through two years of splen
did success, will retire. But it is
doubtful if her retirement from office
—which, by the way. was by her
earnest request — will diminish her In
trrest in her club, or the club in her.
Their affection is mutual. I might
yenture to add that Mr. Payot Is held
very close in the affection of the club,
end for good reason — since he has
taken the members over the whole
civilized world with him—on canvas.
And his talks have always been a rare
joy.
The club will give Hr annual break
fast on Saturday, April 30.
The Contemporary Club, Mrs. Ber
tha BrosiUES, president, will hold its
regular meeting to-day at 3 p. m. at
its clubrooms, 223 Sutter street.
A programme of much interest will
be presented.
• • •
Herewith is the programme for the
month of the Pacific Coast Women's
Press Association:
To-day — Meeting of executive board. 1:30
p. m.; bUElnfen, ":30 p. m.; discussion of pro
posed magazine to be edited by P. C. W. P. A.;
Fketches by magazine editcrs.
Monday. April 25 — Social meeting; magazine
rtay. programme to be furnished by members of
the Pwes Association.
A great scheme is afoot in the P. C.
W. P. A. It purposes putting a new
magazine in the field. Now, that's
a mighty brave suggestion for a band
of women. But women are running
banks, railroads, newspapers, and why
not a magazine?
The matter comes up for discussion
to-day and every member Is urged to
be present.
The newest club in clubdom, the
Cap and Bells, Mrs. Buckingham pres
ident, will hold its first regular meet
ing on Wednesday, the 13th inst., at
the home of Mrs. A- C. Freeman, 3034
Washington street.
Its initial meeting: was a stunner.
Organization was . effected, officers
elected, bj'-laws drawn up and busl
t/ess launched as completely as If it
were of age. But women have a way
of doing things. Mrs. Elizabeth Ed
uard* serves the club as secretary.
Much pleasure is in Ftore for. the
new organization, for amung Its mem
bers are many clever raconteurs, mu
sicians, writers and all around clever
clubwomen.
The Biennial at St. Louis Is the ab-
Forbing topic of clubdom. Nearly all
the clubs In the State have elected
their delegates, most of- whom, by the
way, go to the convention "instructed"
—and the instruction is "work and vote
for the California candidate, if there be
Herewith is the programme for the
great convention. Of course you *wlll
note that, for some occult reason, Cal
ifornia is not given a place upwn it
Can it be that our clubsisters in the
East are fearf- " of Western platfwrm
Charles Dutton. April 20. 2:30 p, m.— Business
meeting; nomination of officers; music by mem
bers; no quests; every member expected to be
present. May 4, 2:30, p. m. — Business meeting;
election of officers (see article 10. * section 2.
bylaws); reading of reports of officers and
leaders of sections; music by . members;" no
rut-sts. May IS, 2:30 p. m>— Business meeting;
programme «t :i p. m.; original writers 1 sec
tion, programme In charge of Mrs. Ella M.
Sexton; installation of officers by Mrs. Thomas
W. Collins. Sections: Historical query box —
Mme. K. Tojettl. Mythological and ancient his
tory — Chairman, Mrs. O. V. Thayer; -second
and fourth Thursdays. 2514 Washington, 2
p. m. Civic— Chairman, Mrs. A. W. TerrlU;
first and third Wednesdays, clubhouse 1:30
p. m. French— Chairman. Mrs. John Martl
non; fu-st and third Thursdays. 2,VJ<» Union
street, 2 p. m. Original writers — Chairman,
Mrs. Ella M. Sexton, first and third Wednes
days, clulioute, 1:15 p. m. Shakespeare —
Chairman. Mrs. - A. B. Evans: second and
fourth Wednesdays, Mrs. W. J. Gray's, 2117
Pacific avenue, 2 p. m.
The Irving Club was favored with a
musical afternoon with Mrs. Marrlner
Campbell on April 7 in Sherman-Clay
Hall. The song cycle "Summertime,"
by Ronald, was delightfully rendered
by Mrs. Klippel Schaff tera The ' old
Irish songs, "Mollie Pawn," "The Auld
Plaid Shawl," "Kathleen Mavourneen"
and "The Low-Backed Car," were ren
dered by MiS£ M. Slocombe. "Birds in
the High Hall Gardens" and other se
lections, including "Oh.. That "Twere
Possible," were sung by Mrs.* Marian
E. B. Robinson. Mrs. W. J. Batchel
der was the accompanist for this co
terie of singers.
Professor Edward ' Howard Griggs
will lecture under the auspices of the
Channing Auxiliary on April 16 in the
Unitarian Church and the subject,
"Marie Bashkirtseff, a Woman's Prob
lem" is the of clubdom. Here will
be discussed the most complex woman
of the century. Therefore our interest
— and that wholly without the fine per
sonality of the leading exponent of
ethics of the country.
BY LAURA BRIDE POWERS.
tactics? The truth of the matter is
that we of. the We^t have among us
many women who could euchre rather
sadly some of the Eastern club celeb
rities, to wit: Mrs. George Law Smith,
Mrs. C. Mason Klnne, Mrs. George
Haight, Mrs. E. O. Smith and Mrs.
Kennedy of the San Jose - Woman's
Club; Mrs. Cowles and Mrs. A. S. C.
Forbes of Los Angeles, and many
other too numerous to mention. But
California will forgive the oversight —
but think of what the conventlo-n will
miss!
The regular opening session will be
held on Tuesday afternoon, May 17<
at 2 o'clock in the Odeon, St. Louis,
Mrs. D. T. S. Denison presiding. Ad
dresses of welcome will be made by
Mayor Rolla Wells of St. Louis, Mrs.
Philip N. Moore of the Missouri State
Federation, Mrs." W. E. Flschel, presi
dent of the Wednesday Club of St.
Louis. Mrs. Deniscn will respond.
On Tuesday evening a literature ses
sion will be held. Professor Edward
Howard Griggs of New Jersey will
lecture on "The Expression and Inter
pretation of Human Life in Literature."
Wednesday morning's session will be
devoted to reports and business. At
the educational session in the afternuon
Mrs. Frank L. Wean of Illinois will
speak on "Compulsory Educational
Laws and Their Enforcement." "Char
acter Building in Public Education"
will be discussed by two speakers under
the following topics: "Indirectly, by
Means of Literature and History."
Miss Daisy Spickard, Nebraska, and
"Directly, by Required Instruction, as
in France," Mrs. Jonathan F. S. Mitch
ell, Washington. "A National Aspect
of Public Education" will be the .sub
ject of Miss Celeste E. Bush. Connecti
cut, and Miss Mary Applewhite Bacon
of Georgia.
Wednesday evening will be devoted
to child-labor. Following the reports
an address will be delivered by Edgar
Gardbe. a special feature.
On Friday morning there will be an
Industrial session in the Odeon. Ad
dresses will be made as follows: "Or
ganization Among Working Women,"
Miss Mary McDowell of the University
of Chicago Settlement; "Is the Ballot
of Real Value to Working Women?"
Mrs. Sarah Platt Decker of the State
Board of Charities and Correction. Col
orado; "Value to the Working Women
of Co-operation of Clubs With Munici
pal Officers," Dr. Ernest J. Ledrick. ex-
Commissioner of Department of
Health, New York City.
Friday afternoon will be devoted to
reports of the State presidents. In the
evening Miss Elizabeth Harrison of Il
linois will speak on "Recent Progress
in Education"; Miss Jane Adams, Illi
nois, "Education and Democracy":
President M. Carey Thomas of Bryn
Mawr, Pa., will also deliver an address
on "Educated Women of the Twentieth
Century."
A household economics session will be
held on Saturday morning. The follow
ing subjects will be discussed: "The
School as the Ally of the Home." Mrs.
Nellie Kedzie Jones. Michigan: "Ethics
and the Home," Mrs. Adelaide Hood
less, Hamilton, Ont.: "Our Relation to
the Household Trades as Carried on
Outside the Home.". Mrs. Mary H. Abel
of Maryland.
A press session will be held in the
afternoon. The industrial sessjon of the
evening will be addressed by Mrs. Anna
Garland Spencer of New York City on
"Home Destroying Industries": Dr.
John Graham Brooks, "New Avenues
of Industrial Education for Women":
Mrs. Frederick Nathan, "The Consumer
as Final Arbiter." ' ,
Monday the morning and. evening
session will be devoted to civil service
reform and library extension work, re
spectively. The afternoon will be given
over to receptions. The morning
speakers will be Mrs. Imogen B. Oak
ley of Philadelphia on "The Merit Sys
tem in Municipalities"; Dr. Emil G.
Hirsch of Chicago. "Civil Service Re
form in Public Institutions." F. M
Cruden. librarian of the St. Louis
public library, will speak at the even
ing session on "The Inspiration of Li
braries"; Miss Rose Cawood, Tennes
see, "Story of a Traveling Library";
Charles Zeublin. University of Chicago,
"Art as an Educator."
Tuesday morning will be a civics ses
sion. Dr. Darlington, Commissioner of
Public Health, New York City, will de
liver an address on "How Can the In
dividual Become a Factor in Civics and
Sanitation?" Forestry work will be
considered on Tuesday afternoon. Mrs.
Lyner Murphy. Alabama, on "Child
Labor in America."
On Wednesday morning the election
of officers and other business will con
sume the attention. Wednesday even
ing is presidents' evening.
Thursday, May 19. is the "day of cel
ebration." The session will be held in
Festival Hall. World's Fair grounds.
Addresses of Welcome will be given by
President David R. Francis of the Lou
isiana Purchase Exposition; Halsey C.
lves, director of the museum of fine
arts, and Mrs. Virginia J. Berryhill of
Des Moines, Iowa, for the Louisiana
Purchase States. Mrs. Denison will
make the response. A patriotic address
will follow. The federation will later
assemble in the museum of fine arts for
the unveiling of the tablet and presen
tation to the museum by Mrs. Denison.
Professor H. C. lves will accept the
tablet. A luncheon and reception to the
officers, delegates and distinguished
guests will follow in the , Womali's
building, which will be given by the
Board of Lady Managers of the expo
sition.
A business session of one hour will be
held each evening:. Time for discussion
will be given at the morning and after
noon sessions of all topics presented.-
San Francisco Council of ' Jewl5h
Women. Mrs. Louis Hertz, president,
held its regular meeting on Thursday
In Temple Emanu-EI. -when Wallace
Wiso discussed - "Jewish Quarters in
Modern Cities."
Miss Alice Frank rendered in good
Btyle some pretty vocal selections.
The club meets on the first and third
Thursdays. *
The California Women's Whist Lea
gue. Mrs. E. B.TJrace, president, held
its usual social meeting on Monday af
ternoon, April 3. and played straight
whist, the handsome prize going to
Mrs. W. Moulton.
The members so enjoyed the compass
whist games, played during the month
of March, that the president .was re
quested to Dut the question to a vote
as to whether to open a new series of
duplicate for the remainder of the sea
son or to continue with compass whist.
Compass won by a large majority. So,
until vacation is taken, ladies may
choose their partners for the Thursday
games and contest for the two prizes
to b<*_ Riven each day. The Monday
games will continue as usual.
The prizes for compass on Thursday,
April 7, were won by Mrs. H. House
worth and Mrs. F. Weldon.- r „¦
The following Is Laurel Hall's calen
dar for the months of April and May:
Open meeting; musical programme, pianist
The wedding bells are chiming^ pro
claiming the passing of Lent. And
herewith are the milliners happy —
these .who are • as ; necessary as are
the bonny" brides. And so, too, are the
clubs growing busy, for note the happy
presaging of future dances that bring
Joy to hearts -of the youthful.' When
does a dance possess so sweet a flavor
as just after, the long, weary days of
Lenten abstinence?, '
* .
Miss Eugenie Abadie, Miss Loniee Braasy.
the Mlsset Glnchard. Miss Curtln. Miss Altx
Smith. Mr. John J. Klngwell. Mrs. E. Abadio
and Miss Mary. Elizabeth Buckley.
¦ A most enjoyable party was tendered
to Henry Niemann on Saturday, prior
to his departure for Europe. Dancing
and music helped to pass the evening.
At a late hour supper was served at
which a handsome token of remem
brance was . presented . to him by his
many friends. The invited tniests
were: .
Miss Minnie Budd. Miss Lena Becker, Miss
Caroline Elten, Miss Minnie Hansen. Miss
Eloie Hansen. Miss Gertrude Kimmer. Miss
Clara Klemm, " Miss Amelia Klemm, Mlsa
Freda Niemann, Miss Louise Placeman. Miss
Rose Pharion. Miss Juliet Shroeder. Miss
Babe Slmrak, Miss Nellie Van Laren. Miss I.U
Wedel. Gilbert BelJ. Addph Becker. Henry
Burschardt, Mrs. Will Brener, Joobua Crew.
Henry : Eiten, Ed Grant, Frank GrlfJln. Kd
Hanseo. Dr. Charles : Hanselt, Arthur Ueb
scher, Percy Lang, Harry Shea, Harry Tem
pleman and Henry Niemann. S.
On Thursday evening, March 31. a
very pleasant party was tendered F.
B. Wiester In honor of his birthday.
Those present were:
Mrs. A. Frohm, the. Misses Mass. Meinber*
ger. F/iliott. Messrs. Wle«ter. Maaa, Meinber-
Ber, Frahm and Dr. E. L. Scott.
A party was given to Miss Mamie
Petersen on Saturday evening. April 2,
at her residence, 717 Treat avenue. The
evening was passed In playing games
and dancing. Among those present
were:
Misses Mamie Petergen. Grade Petersen,
Lena Jess*"n. Lottie Crelghton. Annie Culaper.
Lena Culaper, Marie Culaper. Olive Lane. Kosie
Famzonio, Ida Famzonio, Birdie Furtlnanc-.
Kittle Slocurn; Reorsc Benker. Frank Boisson,
Peter C. Joe. Isaacs, Bob Armstrong,
Colemar. Jcnes. Oscftr Bennett, E. Schnlta. W.
Gregay. \V. Kins. E. Kinsr. J. Cerrtley. Jo«
Armstrong. John Kel?o. F. Roberts. D. Ta
mae. W. Johnson, Theo Mlchelson, Will Arm
strong.
Supplication Composed by
Pius X Is Reverently Re
peated at St. Ignatius
SAYS PRAYER
BY THE POPE
Post-Lenten Season Opens Gay ly Though Vacation Days Are Near
and Many Are Preparing to Invade the Water
ing Places and Resorts.
South Park Settlement Reports That Hundreds of Tots Are
Truants While Others of Tender Years Are
Compelled to Labor.
STARTLING CONDITION CONFRONTS FRIENDS OF EDUCATION LAW;
MILLINERS ARE BUSY AND SOCIAL CLUBS RENEW THEIR DANCES
THE ; SAN FRANCISCO ; CALU, MONDAY;^APRIIiy 11, 1904; '
WASHINGTON, April 10.— Pursuant
to a special order, the House of Repre
sentatives to-day conducted memorial
services in memory, of the late . Repre.
sentatfves Burke and Foederer of
Pennslyvania. In addition to the mem
bers of the families, a large number of
Pennslytfanians occupied scats in the
galleries. Each of the large list of
speakers paid touching tributes to the
two departed members, some venturing
into, the realm of politics ito demon
strate that Foederer - and Burke had
built ud vast businesses and acquired
great wealth through the, protective
tariff system'.'.. Resolutions of ' sym
pathy and respect were adopted, fol
lowing which the House adjourned un
til to-morrow.
Memories of Representatives
Burke and Foederer.
Impressive Tributes Are Rendered to
MEMORIAL SERVICE IS
HELD IX THE HOUSE
William Kenny, a laborer living at
148 Fifth street, notified Policeman Ho
bie about 3 o'clock yesterday morning
that Nester Espinosa, another lodger
in the house, had struck him on the
head with a sword cane, and that Espi
nosa's friend, William* Smith, .had
struck him on tlie face with his fist.
Kenny was bleeding from a wound in
his scalp. Espinosa was arrested by
Hobie and charged with assault with
a deadly weapon and Smith was later
arrested by v Policeman Desmond and
charged with battery. Kenny was taken
to the Central Emergency Hospital.
Espinosa claimed that Kenny was try
ing to force his way into his room.
Row in a Lodging: House.
Santa Fe cheap colonist rates are good
during March and April. You can pay
the money here and the ticket will be de
livered in the East by telegraph. Why
not send? •
If interested, ask about it at 641 Mar
ket street, San Francisco. The Santa Fe
is the Best Way. --:' r, • •
The Best of All.
To bring ' your, friends or mother or
family from Eastern Ice and snow to the
glorious climate of California is to do
the best of all.
WASHINGTON, 'April 10.—Postmas
ters commissioned— Frederick Elliot,'
Bowles, Fresno County, Cal. ; . Richard
Smith, Surinyside, San Diego, County,
vice William. W. Adams, resigned. V
Navy orders: Paymaster D.. Potter
will proceed 'to the navy yard 'at Mare
Island on >Aprir20,v to do. duty as pay
officer of /the yard; ;Paymaster/J..Irwin
Jr. is* detached | from the navy, yard
j*t Mare Island on April 20 to go to the
Solace on May" 10, 1904;« War Ma
chinistsi "A. ;T. ; Pefcival and!: *V. J.
Powell are .detached from duty /at the
Union Iron Works,* San Francisco, and
go to the Ohio. -
Several Minor Changes Arc Made In
the Postal Service and Navy De
partment Issues Orders. ; ; •
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE *
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
NEW YORK, April 10.— Michael La
grave, the French Commissioner Gen
eral to the St. LqjuIs exposition/ ar
rived to-day on : Ij6rraine.
"The French exhibit," he said, "will
be the best and largest exhibition we
have ever made. There are 7500 ex
h'ibits. ' The principal exhibit will be
that of the fine arts. There will t also
be a. splendid exhibit of motor cars
and some fine 'machinery. - - '
; "We are moved to take such an in
terest." as the purchase, of Louisiana
¦was made from France, and again'be
cause.of the" friendship which exists
between France", and . this country. The
work : of getting the exhibit fready , is
progressing in the* most satisfactory
manner."-;- 1 -,":"-.' -• - ,;
5
- ADVEBTISEMENTS. " *'<
r W\^^on!ns K AT the ¦
/WMWRE
v^#yK^W MARKET. $t
I SPECIALS FOR 3 DAYS. I
I GROCERIES. LIQUORS.
. fig BEST E ASTEBIT ' HAM . . . . lb. 12c OLD BUKOTJirDT WXHE. . gUL 75c
jg Perfect In every way, sweet, lean or R e - Xl.CO Dinner Wine. Smooth.
Ef fat. tender. Monday only. fragrant, clear. 6 yean old. Aatl -
I QTJEEN OLIVES, .full qt. bot. 35c • Vineyard'?. *
M . Iteg. &0c. < Only 50 dozen on sale. We 1 1 prntr mil «*mB7 n.1 <;nr
3 . sold 1C0 dozen at our lasfsale. *% P0 ? T 11 , ail^ I ? *T u «' '
8S . '."."."..'.'. 7".". r~. . ' square 29c **• *• BiTE > WHISKEY 85c
Ga Our usual cood selections — ironi the Reg. ?1.10. That's Whiskey.
B . creameries — fresh in to-day. RXFX^EY'S WHISXET. .fall at. 75c
I HEW MIW> CREAM CHEESE V. "^^i," ™ rtd "SSht cl? ,
•"¦•' w'** n"" " "h *' "th^ 0Tm Bourbon., ¦
B htoVes In ¦ S. V— /ea^on— fl"est n^)oesl- OUXHUESS' STOUT. . .dox en fl.75
|8 'hie quality. Price only half • what Reg. $2.10- Old English Porter.',
H| , others charge. * . Genuine.'
H JAVA AITS MOCHA COFFEE. .. . BTOMM'S CHAMPAGNE . ....
I $i-'^Kti^^xB. : : Or-Pi^r^^l^ke^' S1 ' 35
I ' Slrcnc. rich and aromatic. . OLD HERMITAGE WHISKET. -
H EVAPORATED CREAMS ... W. A. Gaines fe Co. .at. bot. 90c
H • .:.'... .V. .;;...;..; 3 cans 35o Mourbon or ..Rye. - ' Rec. v $1.25. High
Py All standard brands. No limit. • . -proof. Old matured.
IMPERIAL BLEND TEA . . lb. 40c OLD TOM OIN bottle 65c
i t"? w££. M F?a* d ran C t IOUS naV ° r ' PUre ""«'""« iii«tv Br^d.
¦ *- rZO- BAM'. .T"!™" k i .pound 15c Nonpariel. Absolutely perfect,
W Hr«. 'JOc. Rich, healthy cake for TABLE CLARET ...... tr*ll<m 35c
¦ ¦children. ,.' " "... ____¦ r Reg. " 50c. " Cal. Wine .Association. "
9| ¦ WALNUT CREAM BISCUITS. ... -. Standard quality. '
B > W ' * ' V- r: * ; Ai V •-..;•'• • T P««n4 15c DEW DROP MALT WHE5JCET . . .
Bft . ;. Reg. w.2oc.\. Chocolate, Lemon and -....• •-. . irallon $2.40
Bf -iL2r a . I l?l; fl B»«'«« * '" ..'••/»' itejr!"$3"5()."Kqua*r> if "not superior' to'
g GIN&EE SNAPS ....... pouai 10c Duffy's Malt. Costs you only half as ?
'.¦ 1-^vOriGlnEer'Nuts.vSmall. fresh -and- much.
B OBAHAM BISCtJTTS ) "V - S^ . * VtrEADWELL WHTSHXTT
M DIGESTIVES I vonni 10c full anart 80c
B ENGLISH MIl'x V-"-'v-»; Reg. ;15c.v; - Reg.«|l.l5. A Mlntr.
U 10-lb. bos SODA CRACKERS . . 40c PARAGON CO CX T AILS . . DOt. 75c . ¦
El Reg.i65c\ Fresh baked and crisp. .¦"••• Keg.- #l.(X>. All kinds, finest ciuahty . , ¦¦ S
jfH BOILED HA.M ....... .pound 30c .''of read>-made Cocktalla."- *¦'-.*! " ¦
f B "'.^Convenient In hot weather. -- OLD ¦ -XEaVUvax • BO U JiBOH • .' H
K COMPLETE ASSORTMENT OF WHISKEY ........ ar».Uoa S1.73 S
D ¦ DELICATESSENS. , Reg.. <2.aa.V High proof. - & years: oW. • s H
; ¦ ¦>:-,• ¦¦ > yna prepay freight oar couittbt orders. ¦Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 230 Cal
ifornia street. , Telephone Main 104L. •
¦Townsend's California Glace fruits and
choice candies, ; In artistic fire-etched
boxes. A nice present for Eastern friends.
71o Market street, above Call building. •
:-i After weeks of a wearying; game of hide and . seek on
the sea Japan and/Russia have' progressed in belligerency
far enough; to engage in a land battle on soil of
kbrVa: 'The list of casualties thus far'reported wouldn't
make' a; showing respectably warlike enough far an •or
dinary •Suridaypicnic • , ; - y
There has just .been .; sold . in ; London
to a firm of ¦ stamp' experts doing busi
ness there and = in 'this a' collection,
which has i been . twenty-one - years V in'
the) making^ says "the -New .York^Sun.
It 'contained the stamps of (only "a sin
£le • little republic, 'the Transvaal, r In
Transvaal Stamps.
A monument in the form of a drink
ing fountain, the gift of the Hon. Wil
liam Tebb. has been erected at Burs
tow, England. Cut on the fror.t of the
drinking trough is this inscription: ''In
memory of the mute fidelity of the four
hundred thousand horses killed and
wounded at the call of ? their masters
during the South , African War, 1899
1902, in a. cause, of. which they knew
nothing, thU fountain: is erected by a
reverent 'fellow creature."
Due Honor.
'I The •. creditors of "Daniel J. Sully, the collapsed New
Yo^rk ' king t of cotton, are frantically engaged in 'an en
deavor to find some of his assets. When ¦ men in ;^the
complete ; exercise- of their senses will attempt, such a
task as this, who will dare assert \ again the futility of
looking for' a^ needle in; a haystack?
ALAMO— Subscriber. '_ Alameda, " Cal.
The Alamo was a fort in San Antonio,
Tex.,, memorable for a siege "and mass
acre in 1836, during v the war of Texan
Independence 1 from Mexico. " Santa
Anna, -.with about" 2000 . Mexicans, be
sieged "140 Texans in the' fort' for two
weeks. : Finally; on ; March ; 6 of that
year,- the fort, nobly defended.', was
taken by .-: assault. * only ; six of ' the de
fenders remaining I alive. These . six
were at once butchered by 'order of
Santa- Anna, t amorig them being Colo
nel Davy Crockett, the noted."frontiers
man,*, who served with General "Jack
son in the Creek war.
In two' months the : defaulting'. Treasurer of San Jose
rid himself, of $8000 v of the city's cash. As a high flyer
thrs'ex-custodian of the public funds has Santos-Dumont
at 'a disadvantage of several degrees. When the_dis
graced'public officer is brought to triaj a plea of insanity
might have some weight with. a jury. •
. A FEW weeks ago a national arbitration associa
**J-\ tion was formed in Washington, to promote an
* *• arbitration treaty between the United States and
Great Britain. The'meeting to form this association was
attended by a large number of eminent men. The lead
ing address was delivered by Cardinal Gibbons,- who
warmly and eloquently approved such a 'treaty, as in the
interest of peace and civilization. His argument covered
the whole field of common interests and common lan
guage, and pointed out the joint contribution of Great
Britain and the United States to the world's store of
science'and art, civilization ahd-progress. .;•-. :
The movement was evidently. backed" t by the best
thought of the country, and is intended ;to proceed from
the -people onward until it impresses the Government.
Great Britain is the. only} European | power with posses
sions in^this hemisphere that are in contact with us. Al
ready this has resulted in issues such as Bering Sea, the
Northeastern- fisheries ahd.fthcjr'Aiaskanj' boundary, that
have been peacefully settled by arbitration. .Both couh-
THE ARBITRATION TREATY.
Chinese financiers are drawing long
faces over the ways and means of rais
ing the. 25.009.000 taels- (about $18,000,
000) for the celebration of the seven
tieth birthday of that . astonishing
woman, Tsi An, the modern Semiramis
of Eastern Asia. v What a ' glittering
and gorgeous celebration that will be!
It will cost so much that it is not sur
prising if it is true, as reported, that
Chinese authorities who are expected
to provide the funds are asking for in
dulgence and delay inpayment of cer
tain portions of the Boxer indemnity.
Tsi An's Birthdav.
The moth and beetle winj? about /
The garden ways of other days; .
Above the hills, a flery shout
Of gold, the day dies slowly out, . ,
Like some wild blast a huntsman
blows; • ; /
And o'er the hills my fancy goes,"
iFollowing'the sunset's golden call,
Unto a vine-hung: garden wall, ,-,..•
Where she awaits me in the gloom.
Between the lily and the rose.
AVith>arms and lips of warm per
fume— . - , " ¦
The dream Qf love my fancy knows.
The glow-worm and the firefly irlow
Among the ways of. bygone days;. :.
A golden shaft shot from a bow
Of silver, star and moon swing- low .
Above the hills where twilight lies;
And o'er the hills my longing flies,
Following the star's far, arrowed gold.
Unto a gate, .whereas of old, .
She waits amid, the rose and.rue.iffifSj
With star-bright hair • and night-dark
.- : \:- . ."eyes, -. c : - "-.¦-• .•"-- -."-' "*v. -¦¦--- ¦
"The dream, to whom my heart is i true.
My dream; of love that never dies.-.' - ¦ -
/V — In the April Reader Magazine..
Sunset Dreams.
A Los Angeles man, having reached the age of dis
cretion indicated by sixty-four years and having received
a sentence of two years' imprisonment for forgery, asked
the court .to commit^him to the penitentiary ; for life. The
old man, unfortunate indeed in the fruits of crime, should
have reflected that a higher court than that of Los An
geles may grant his request -
The stubborn efforts being made in Paris by repre
sentatives of the United States of Colombia to impede
the construction of the Panama canal cannot serve even
an evil purpose. Uncle Sam has gone too far to retrace
his steps even if he wished to do so. Colombia's clamor
ous, plea for fancied, rights in the "matter is futile.
Her claim is as dead as an Egyptian mummy.
PUMPS — F. S. T.,* Felix, Cal. The
pump of- the Calumet and Hecla mine.
Michigan, is of" the triple expansion
type, and has" a daily capacity, of 60,
000,000 gallons. For -high lift and high
duty it is believed to be unsurpassed
In 'size/ For a full description of .the
pump, length of steam and water cyl
inders, etc.", address a communication
to the superintendent of the mine. The
authorities differ as to which is the
largest pump in use. in the world, and
this department will not attempt to
decide which Is correct. . RfSi /
Our health authorities have entered the public schools
with what appears to be a vigorous and intelligent pur
ppse of ; preventing or minimizing disease among 'the
school children. Such a campaign should have begun
long ago in San Francisco and its progress will be
watched. with the greatest concern. This is one of the
phases of municipal activity to which the heartiest ap
proval may be given.
COMMUNITY PROPERTY — R. C.
H., City. If two brothers are. in busi
ness and one . of. them marries and
subsequently "they jointly buy real es
tate the, married brother's share is
community property and he could not
dispose of, th* same by gift" without
the consent of his wife. He would be
empowered to sell the same without
the signature of his wife to the deed,
but no careful buyer would -purchase
the same without her signature.
Another example of that wisdom which passes under
standing and rules in the administration of our Emer
gency Hospital has come to public notice. An unfortu
nate, overcome by ammonia poisoning, sought relief in
this municipal house of first aid and was discharged in
a few hours with * the encouraging assurance that he
would, soon feel no effects of his injuries. He didn't.
He was dead in two days. ...
MME. NORCROSS— M., Brooklyn,'^
Y. A friend of this department writes
that Mme. Norcross, an opera singer,
was residing for a number of years and
up to last January at 146 West Thirty
sixth street, New York City. Her name
is Mrs. Isaac »W. Norcross.
The Viceroy looks younger than he
is, bearing lightly the weight of his
sixty years. His long, flowing beard,
burning black eyes, with an occa
sional yellow sheen, and his somewhat
prominent nose bespeak his Armenian
extraction. He has had no classical
education, no experience of politics, no
time for meditation, and little taste
for history. His prominent qualities
are those of a clever naval officer, and
it is in this, his own special sphere,
that he may be reasonably fxpected to
Justify the high hopes which the t>ulk
of his countrymen repose in him;' as
to his qualifications for political diplo
macy, and for the administration of a
vast territory In troublous times, many
of them are very doubtful, holding that
he possesses an alert mind with no
originality, and that the source of his
strength Is courage and self-mastery
rather than intellect or statesmanship.
Unless events belie their forecast and
he rises to the emergency, they will
continue to assert in the future, as in
the past and present, that bureau
cracy in Russia is incapable of produc
ing a single strong man. — Review of
Reviews. *
Admiral Alexieff.
A woman of this city, whose special sphere of useful
ness in the general economy of things, is divine healing,
has sued her spouse for divorce on the score of cruel
ties, varied, distressing and elaborately, systematized.
Why in the name of all that is domestically admirable
could not this divinity of spirit throw its health upon
one poor, weak, malicious -man? Next to healing him
self the physician should heal ! his neighbor.
MOSQUITOES — S.W. B., City. An J
kind of petroleum sprinkled over the
surface of a pond with a sprinkler
will quickly destroy the larvae of the
mosquitoes. As these * pests breed
about four times a year it would be in
order, to^sprinkle such a pond several
times a year.
Answers to Queries.
The devout residents of several Indiana towns were
forced' this year to attend Easter services through the
medium of boats, wending their watery way through
canalsj that had been streets. Among the compensating
elements of the occasion, however, were the fact that the
fellows that prayed for rain shared the disadvantages of
their success and nobody had to dig in his jeans to buy
that bugbear of the masculine heart, the Easter bonnet.
' TcTthe' generosity of the late W. C.
Ralston is credited a story of how he
helped a young man to start In life
by advancing him $100. The benefi
ciary himself, who is at the present
a prosperous hardware merchant In
this city, tells how he made for him
self a business which lifted him from
poverty to independence.
Blank was strapped, as he tells the
story, and on hearing of Ralston's lib
erality, he stepped Into the California
Bank one morning and asked if he
could speak to Mr. Ralston. The boy
at the prlvate^door inquired his busi
ness, remarking at the time that the
manager was busy- just \ then ..and
would see no one except on banking
business. "Well," replied the young
man, "mine is banking business."
When Ralston was informed of the
request he gave instructions to have
the visitor admitted. The boy walked
In with as much confidence as if he
had a million dollar load on his
shoulders and, without waiting to be
catachised, 'he made his business
known In these words: "Mr. Ralston,
I am a poor boy with a mother to sup
port; my father is dead and if I had
$100 I would makeV a start in busi
ness and become rich. I promise td
repay the money at some time."
Impressed by the boy's candor the
generous Ralston handed him an or
der on the cashier for the amount
asked and . passed on to other matters
demanding his attention, considering
that ". the advance would \ help a j poor
woman and maybe eive the boy a
start. It did. The boy bought a lot
of cutlery, which he peddled about the
streets until eventually he was enabled
to open a little store on Bush street.
Thence he moved Into more commo
dious quarters and to-day he is at
the head of a large hardware store,
easily amassing a fortune.' Just be
fore Ralston's death the money was
paid to the California Bank at a time
when Ralston himself needed financial
aid to ; help meet the crash that sent
him to his untimely grave.
Bread on the Waters.
It'is the purpose of the Democrats to have 4000 seats
in the arena at their St. Louis national convention.
Every seat will be occupied. Every occupant will have a
policy of national politics^ . Every policy will, be unlike
every other and every insistent advocate will, have the
lung and tongue coiiragtf of his convictions. Can imagi
nation picture the scene of the first day of that conven
tion in the aw'ful heat of a July day in St. Louis:
They are beginning to realize th%
fac&in Russia that there is little glory
In war, and that it is immensely cost
ly. Now that the sea route between
European and Asiatic Russia is closed,
and the trans-Siberian line \ is monopo
lized by the military authorities, trade
is at a standstill. Deducting the
amount required by law to be held as
security for outstanding paper .cur
rency, the gold in the Imperial Bank
amounts to 533,000,000 rubles; but the
whole of this balance could be em
ployed as a war fund only at the risk
of greatly disturbing the course of ex
change and impairing the credit of the
Government. The Turkish war cost
Russia 1,000,000,000 rubles, and It is
unlikely that the cost of the present
conflict will be less. The authorities
are agreed that the country is taxed
to the limit. Where Is the money
necessary to the conduct of the j war
to come from? This is the- question
which will call more and more insist
ently for an answer as the struggle
in the Far East progresses. — Omaha
Bee. • ...
What It Costs.
The Supervisors of San Francisco are of the opinion
that we should have a law to stop the disgraceful race
track\ gambling which is daily drawing thousands of men
and boys into a net of dishonesty and disgrace in our
wide open downtown^poolrooms. perhaps it might be
well for the Supervisors to reflect for a moment and
change the course of their inquiry to insist that we have
enough law to correct the evil but only a farcical make
believe'administration of it. r~ . ¦
Over 120.000 citizens of the United
States now annually visit foreign coun
tries, and their expenditures constitute
a formidable claim upon the country
to be settled In International trade by
shipments of merchandise in excess of
imports. It is commonly calculated
that, the average expenditure per capita
is $100j9, but this is probably too high
an estimate, since a large majority of
the travelers are unquestionably people
of moderate means. An estimate of
$700 per person would doubtless be liber
al, but on this calculation an aggregate
yearly expenditure of nearly $90,000,000
is reached, which constitutes so much
of claim upon the material resources of
the country. The. return benefits are
greatly beyond calculation* but they
are not of a material character. Quite
as interesting and significant is the
higher class passenger movement of
passengers other fian cabin — those who
go abroad irr the steerage. This move
ment has attained noteworthy propor
tions. Thirty years ago it averaged
about 60,000 persons yearly. During the
past two decades it rose to about 140,000
yearly on the average. < Last year it
numbered 206,494 persons, and the pres
ent fiscal year. Judging from reports of
steamship companies, will show a still
larger outward rush. These figures
must represent immigrants or aliens
who have acquired some little money
frx>m their labor in the. United States,
and are going back home either to re
main for the rest of their days or until
conditions of employment In the States
have improved. They come back, if
at all, as immigrants, presumably,
as the Government figures \ In
no other way account foT their
return. They represent a great
increase of floating labor, and a
great extension of the practice among
the poor of Europe to go to the United
States for temporary employment.
Americans Abroad.
Additional escapes of -Chinese coolies from the Mail
Dock detention shed have been called to the attention of
the Federal authorities with a monitory reflection that
something be done to prevent this cheating of the f exclu
sion law. Unquestioned as is the right. of the Govern
ment to enforce its laws no living creature, possessing at
least the thought of self-preservation of a rat,, can be
censured for accepting any avenue -of escape ; from the
terrible pen known, as the detention shed.
Some of our local ministers have taken occasion in
public discussion to castigate certain collegians that be
lieve that beer drinking, roistering, hoodlumism and cad
dishness constitute elements of success in studentship in
higher culture. Such^students are always in a minority
in any institution of learning and the self-respecting,
manly majority should assume the responsibility of mak
ing the minority behave itself or leave an environment
to which it is evidently. not congenial. ¦
To the small island colony of New
Zealand nature has been most bounti
ful in the contrasting variety and prod
igality of her gifts, for within the lim
ited area of the land of the Moa are to
be found the greatest geysers on «arth,
the highest waterfall of the universe,
the most extensive ice field in the ex
plored world, fjords that excel the fa
mous inland bays of Norway and Clin
ton Valley which, with its thousand
feet bluffs reared against the perpetual
snow-capped ranges of the southern
Alps, threatens to challenge constant
comparison with the wondrous beauties
of the more famous Yosemite.
Where nature has been so lavish it
reems but reasonable that man should
be encouraged to great experiments,
ftnd New Zealand has proudly risen to
expectations by embarking on a tide of
progressive legislation which for some
time past has commanded the close at
tention of all civilized people. New Zea
land was the first of all British com
munities to grant the franchise to
women, the first to elect women to civic
office and the first to admit women to
the practice of law in the public courts
of the colony — departures which have
ell been amply Justified by results.
But It has not been alone in encour
aging concessions to what an eminent
divine has described as the "fairer, wiser
end better sex" that Maoriland has held
up the torch to modern advancement,
but In all sections having as a common
goal the "greatest pood to the greatest
number" and something beneficial for
everybody. Land purchase has become
legalized under the 999 years' lease sys
tem which makes it easily possible for
every fairly industrious settler to be
the proprietor of a farm of his own se
lection. Under the fostering care of the
government a state savings bank has
been established where the mp« mod
erate sums are received and such inter
est and security guaranteed as to en
courage thrift even • among the most
prodigal.
The investment of capital is protected
in such a manner that for years past
money has been pouring into the col
ony, which, during the present year,
has reached the high-water mark of
unprecedented general prospertiy. For
the working classes there is an act
which enforces the eight-hour-a-day
principle, with one-half holiday every
week and 6pecial provisions for the em
ployment of Juvenile laborers in fac
tories, and there is further a govern
ment labor bureau which supplies free
all information w ith regard to rates .
and the demand and supply in the vari
ous districts of the itland. For the
benefit of both capital and labor there
has been passed an arbitration bill
under which all difputes are adjusted,
and strikes made illegal, so that the
two great factors in economic develop
ment may keep on their road encour
aged and undisturbed.
The housing of the poor, the provision
of old age pensions for respectable col
onists whose advanced years have
drifted them beyond wage earning pos
sibilities and the reform measures
adopted for the reclamation of children
and other first offenders against the
country's laws have all been dealt with
on lines of liberal advancement that
bave compelled, even fascinated the in
terest of more lethargic law-makers In
all parts of the world. Even while the
somewhat eruptive idol of Birmingham,
Joseph Chamberlain, sat preparing his
first pronouncement on preferential
trade. New Zealand, bold and active as
ever in decisive legislation, set to work
and within the short period of twenty
four hours enacted a measure of fiscal
reform, thus leaving him a follower,
not a leader, in the great scheme of
British trade amendment with which
the late years of his life are to be so
closely allied.
These point? suggest a few of the
social conditions which obtain in this
wonderland of the Pacific, where na
ture has been pleased to make her
records in geysers, waterfalls, glaciers
and fjords. Of the Tasman glacier.
Green, the great Alpine climber, has
said that nowhere In the Alps is there
such a scene of surpassing grandeur.
It measures more than eighteen miles
long and is three miles wide, while,
from one point of its dazzlirfg crystal
beauty the eye commands a view ex
tending to the ocean on either side of
the island, and the land picture
stretching to the north and south takes
In a vista of over four hundred miles.
Whiter than any marble gleams this
great glacier In the summer sun and
around it circles a panorama of the
most impressive mountain scenery,
comprising no less than forty-eight
glaciers with more than a score of
alpine peaks ranging up from 8000
feet until the summit of Mount Cook
is reached and snowy crested Aorangi
ghows its altitude of 12,349 feet against
the eky. The Ice-seamed sides of this
enormous height have been compared
to a wall of frosted sliver. From' the
great ice plateau near the base of the
precipice there Is a glacier of remark
ably interesting action which makes
its descent in an indescribable cascade
of broken fee upwards of 4000 feet high.
Colored In myriad hues by the pres
ence of constantly recurring rainbows
and glinting in the unshadowed sun
of succeeding days . this many-tinted
fairy field, made up of broken ice in
spiral and cube forms, moves in un
rivaled beauty In its majestic course to
the sea.
Id this locality the ice. caves and
crevasses are beautiful and stones
rolled into the latter take from six
Nezv Zealand Wonders
In 1870, when this supply was all
used up, a Boer, Mr. VHJoen of Pre
toria, printed a fresh lot. These lasted
two years and then a Mr. Borrius, at
Potchefstrom. did a little more stamp
printing.
The British seized all the stamps of
the republic remaining in the jxm
offlce and printed over them "V. R..
Transvaal," the V. R. abovjs the name
of the State. -The printers worked un
der some pressure, so naturally there
were a few errors.
A famous one is a penny red on blue,
with the name of the State spelled
"Transveal.'" The stamps with these
errors are so rare that experts value
them at from $375 to $750 a piece.
There were other errors, all of im
portance now to the philatelist. One
shows the overprint Inverted on the
stamps. A rare print of .one- of these
is valued at $1000.
South Africa, through all its many
changes, but it is supposed to be as
nearly perfect as a stamp collection
ever was. It brought nearly $20,000, a
record price.
E. J. Nankivell made the collection,
and has made a great thing out of it.
chiefly a great demand has
sprung up for the rare stamps since
the Transvaal became a British col
ony. There have been so many polit
ical changes In the country that Its
stamps form a sort of historic record
of thirty-five years.
The first and most sought for group
in the lot is that issued by the first
South African republic between I860
and 1877. The plates for these were
made in Gustrow, Germany, and tho
first supply was sent to the Transvaal
with the plates.
"Humph," said' Dewey, "he happens
to be right." Then he dismissed the
officers, but told Reardon to remain.
Inside of ten minutes the sailor was
again' donning his rubber suit. Just
as the face plate on the helmet was
being screwed on he grinned at the
diving crew, smacked his lips and with
a grin said: "The old man's stuff
skins the. doctor's and he srives It to
one in larger doses/1
Joe Reardon, a big strapping young
Irishman, has the reputation of be
ing the best diver in the United States
naval service. He has earned it by
doing stunts below the surface of
nearly every »ea Qn which Uncle Sam's
war vessels have nailed. Neither
depth nor. pressure have terrors for
him and therefore he is in constant
demand. The rules of the service give
the man the privilege of refusing. to
don a helmet and suit. He cannot
be compelled to dive, and It is to Joe's
credit that only once during his long
service has he refused to explore the
depths. This was at Cavite, shortly
after the sinking of the Spanish ves-.
sels, when efforts* were beinc made to
recover the bodies of the slain and
to save what remained of the battered
Spanish hulls. Then he refused be
cause the doctor on his ship,' the
Olympia, a stickler for discipline, re
fused him a glass of whisky.
Reardon had been at work all
morning on one. of the sunken vessels.
He sent up body after body and all
sorts of ship's gear and mitde fast to
the wreck numberless ropes and guys
for the use of the engineers who
were arranging 'to save the vessels.
When finally he came to the surface
at noon lie was tired out. When the
face plate of his helmet was removed
he asked for the glass of whisky he
was accustomed to receive and which
he had never been refused because it
has become an unwritten law that a
glass of grog Is to be served to divers
when they have been at work. The
doctor . of the ship, who did not be
lieve, in unwritten laws and believed
in running his department oh the ship
according to the . written code, re
fused Reardon's request. The diver
admitted that he did not, need it, but
said he had always received it and
wanted it as usual. When the doctor
persisted Reardon demanded that his
suit be taken off.
At 1 o'clock when Admiral Dewey
noticed that the wrecking operations
had ceased, he sent for the executive
officer, the captain and the gunner to
learn what was the trouble. He waa
told and then he sent for, Reardon.
/'"How about this, Reardon?" he
said, when the bluejacket appeared.
"I am surprised that you give up."
"I, am not giving up, sir," said Rear
don, "it's the doctor. I want a glass
of whisky because I am in the habit
of getting & and he refuses to give
It to me because it is against the rules
of the service."
Deivey and the Diver.
THERE is not much variety to' business at present
The markets of the' country are generally, in .a
'normal condition,. more so than for some months,
and whether we look at agriculture or finance or mer
chandising we find the same monotonous ' conditions!
Speculation in coffee, -cotton and wheat has subsided'dur
ing the past month, and even Wall street exhibits little
feature.
The general situation, however, is favorable. \The ad
vent of spring has enlivened the retail distribution of
goods in the cities and started' up farming operations,
which lends an air 'of increasing activity to. the nation.
As far as this is concerned, we are still doing a large
business. The bank clearings of the country again- ex
ceeded the index number of two billion last week",
amounting in the aggregate to $2,001,977,000, 'and the
shrinkage from 1903 was only 8.7 per cent, with the
gains and losses about equally distributed among the
largest cities. A pronounced falling off in the clearings
at New Orleans indicates the subsidence of the furious
cotton speculation. in^that city for several months, and
shrinkages of 14.7 per cent at New York and 23.6 per
cent at Pittsburg show ho"w operations in general trade
and finance at the former and in iron and steel at the
latter point are standing in comparison with the corre
sponding week in 1003. Chicago, where the grain and
provision trades center, is. 9.7 per cent better than last
year. The failures for the week were 235, against 317
last year.
The staples are in a humdrum condition at the moment,
but they exhibit one particular feature which must not
escape attention. The record for March shows a very
significant trend in prices, as eight out of thirteen classes
of products, including brea'dstuffs, meats, textiles,- hides
and leather and building material, declined. The gen
eral level of prices fell off about 10 per cent for the
month, but is still in excess of a year ago at this time,
and not far from the highest for years past. In fact, as
frequently mentioned during the past six of 'eight months,
the general tendency in quotations for everything in the
country is toward a lower plane of values. This points
to a decreasing cost of living, but it also indicates a
corresponding decrease in the gross returns, to the pro
ducer, whether farmer or manufacturer. The exhibit,
taken as a whole, sufficiently proves that for some time
past there has been and is now a slow but sure recession
from the boom conditions of several years ago. It is
unattended by excitement, is without strain and is prob
ably a good thing for the country. It is certainly to be
preferred to a sudden and violent break, which condition
we characterize by the sinister word, panic. These
gradual recessions give everybody ample warning and
plenty of time to put their business fences in repair.
Supplementary to the price, exhibit for March is the com
mercial record for the first quarter of the year, which
showed a general decrease in the volume of trade, as
compared with, the corresponding quarter in 1903. —
The financial conditions continue excellent. Money is
in abundance all over the country arid likely to continue
so. A significant feature in this connection is that re
cent engagements for gold' to" be shipped to Paris at
tracted no attention and were offset by liberal receipts
of gold from Japan at San Francisco. Indeed, it is quite
likely that the shipments to Paris were, nothing more
than the continued journey of the Japanese gold through
New York to Europe, where Japan has some large bills
for war material to pay, and in this view of the case
there were really no gold exports at all.
Bankers continue to point seductive fingers at Wall
street stocks and to assure the country* that everything
in that line is a safe thing for those who wish to buy.
They say that with stocks on a 5 per cent dividend
paying basis and money available at 2 per cent, there
is little danger of any one getting his fingers burned by
taking in a line or two of .judiciously selected standard
securities. But the public is not taking hold of the mar
ket freely and shows an inclination to wait a while
longer and see how the cat jumps. By and by they may
suddenly wake up and greedily go in for shares, in which
event Wall street will have another bull market. Even
as it is, the trend of quotations is upward and many
good stocks are considerably higher than a few weeks
ago.
The crop prospects of the country, on which so much
depends, are excellent. Fine weather all over the great
wheat belt is encouraging the sowing of spring wheat,
the growing plant looks green and flourishing/and'
though/ conditions are rather : the normal they
are better than they have been, some' authorities esti
mating the improvement since the first of the month as
high as 20 per cent. This condition is encouraging and
imparts, a feeling of confidence to the whole country.
The prospects on -this coast are highly satisfactory.
The crop outlook could .not be better, and as prices for
all farm products are excellent everybody .looks forward
to continued good times. Our city and interior banks are
stilH^berally supplied with funds, and few complaints/of
collections are hebrd, while failures are generally small
and not numerous. The export trade of the coast con
tinues large and the domestic; demand for all sorts of
goods 'is active. The state of trade in California could
not well be improved upon. .
The native parrot, the kea, which in
this district forgets to kill sheep for
their kidney fat. the comical wingless
weka and the bell bird are a few of
the songsters whose quaint notes are
frequently heard In the most inacces
sible of passes. But these are not the
only unique sounds to be heard on the
Tasman, for one of the favorite routes
takes the traveler in a cage across the
wild, rushing Hooker River; aval
anches of stones constantly rattle
against the glacier faces as they toss
to the great moraine beneath ami now
and again deafening claps as of thun
der dull the ears at the coming of some
great new crevasse in this ice field,
which, while so awe-inspiring, so pic
turesque in its unrivaled grandeur, is
yet easily* and safely accessible to the
most timid and inexperienced. Indeed,
no great sight in the world can be
seen for so slight an outlay of caFh
and energy as the enthralling Tasman
glacier in New Zealand.
The flora of this region Is most va
ried and beautiful. Edelweiss flourish
es luxuriantly three thousand feet
aboi-e sea level and there are nearly
fifty flowering plants not known to
exist in any other part of the world.
Bushes laden with berries, which in
autumn change their color, the moun
tain daisy and the alpine buttercup,
luxuriate amid a numerous bevy of
neighbors, all blossoming in purest
white, except the unique yellow ra
nunculus.
The alpine range of which the Tas
man glacier is -so fnterestingr a part
runs for a distance of a hundred miles
and as the line of perpetual snow^ia
at the flve thousand feet level or no
less than three thousand feet lower
than in Switzerland, the advantage to
the traveler in search of scenic mar
vels may easily be imagined. ' One of
the glaciers close to the Tasman de
scends to within a few hundred feet of
the sea and boasts of semi-tropical
foliage' right in Its terminal face. Such
are the contrasts, such are the won
ders!
to seven seconds before striking the
bottom. i
TRADE SITUATION FAVORABLE.
With men like Cardinal Gibbons, Jacob Dickinson,
General Miles, Bishop P6tter/ Archbishop Ireland, Judge
Gray, Edward Everett Hale and' others of equal influ
ence and' dignity, and of all parties and religious denom
inations, promoting such a -treaty, it is to be regretted
that a constant note of Opposition and of bitter antag
onism is heard, caused ; by prejudice that has its radix
in long past events to which this country was not a
party. This opposition succeeded in defeating such, a
treaty a few years ago, but when ; eminent churchmen of
Irish* blood, like Cardinal Gibbons, stated the 'grounds
for the, treaty from their status as'Americans only, and
from the standpoint of humanity, it was hoped that none
would oppose it. '.. " • ¦'•
During, the coming campaign there may be no time to
promote -this movement, but it is to.be hoped that next
year public opinion^ on the subject, will be made known to
the Government in such positive form that the initial
steps willbe taken by the two. nations to bring it about.
-One statement of the opposition inconspicuously er
roneous. This is to the effect that an arbitration treaty
violates the advice of Washington's farewell address
against entangling alliances. An arbitration* treaty is not
a treaty of alliance. It is simply an international agree
ment that disputes shall/be subjected to* peaceful; settle
ment first, before submitting them to the cruel arbitra
ment of war. '
tries, perceiving the benefit of this method, should Seek
to avoid friction over each question that arises, by a
general arbitration treaty, under which an orderly settle
ment, may be had. '¦¦_ ;. "i
THE S AN FRAN CIS GO CAL L
- - ¦ / . - "'/'--.;; .-- -.;.:: .-, ri ; ir '- r ; nj -. .• • • - ' ¦ *;__¦__. /-;¦;¦¦;¦ ¦ _•_ _¦ --¦• - ¦ * "¦¦ . ;--•-. - '- _; - -..:
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor « .". .> ..-.' .;; . , Address All Commmifrattons to JOHNjH^AUGHX Haaaggr
Publication Office .-. <3^^^^> • Third and Market Streets, S. P.
.MONDAY....
THE SAN i FRANCISCO xGALL, MONDAY; APRIL 11, 190£
6
MEN AND MATTERS IN
THE FORE AS THE WORLD
MOVES
TALK OF THE TOWN
AND TOPICS OF THE
TIMESThe SacramentoJSV'omen's Council has
selected M street, ', Sacramento.' { as tha
first . to be Improved by" its efforts. It
will be planted, uniformly, on both
sides, with palms, to give it a semi
tropical appearance.*
• It Is evident therefore that a great many
more than half of the homeseekers/' entering
the State over the . Southern Pacific lines
passed through Sacramento. They. could have
come through • Stockton and stopped ' off - here
if they had desired to do so. and it is likely
that large numbers of them would . have taken
advantage of the opportunity to examine this
vicinity if they had known that it was their
privilege to do *o without extra expense. ¦ •
Out of the715S colonists who came into'the
State by northern . routes , during March San
Joaquin County ought to have captured a few
hundred at least. A great many of them un
doubtedly made Southern California their des
tination, and unless they atopped oft '. here on
1 their way through It Is not likely ¦ that they
will return In search of land. Our advertising
literature should emphasise the desirability of
homeeeekers who come by the ' northern or
central routes making an investigation of the
advantages of this vicinity before proceeding
southward. , v ¦ , ..--;_,.,-
The report* of the ' Southern Pacific
Company show that during March - nearly
12,000 homeseekers came into the State over
the lines ' of that company.' Of - these 6141
came by the Ogden route and 1017. by way
of Portland. • .-., .-.-'¦¦
The. Stockton Mail, after a study of
the ways In which the present home
seekers come to California, urges that
the advantages of the country near
Stockton shall be made better known.
In an editorial the Mail says;
Stockton Is Urged to Have Strangers
Notified of Section of. Very -
Great Resources.
HOW THE HOMESEEKERS
COME TO CALIFORNIA
The Board of Trade earnestly solicits the
co-operation of all persons, and to the end
that it may have a fund for working purposes
It has placed the annual dues at $5. With
the money collected from dues it Is the inten
tion to distribute literature, plainly and truth
fully set -forth to the homerceker and ; won
derful advantages of El Dorado as a mining,
agricultural and lumbering county.
This circular Is designed to Interest all
thoa* who want to take part in the movement
to advance and develop this county.
This body hopes to assist in improvmentg of
all kinds. Road*, bridges, public buildings,
schools, schoolboune*. sanitation, protection of
property and all matters pertaining to the
welfare and interests of the county will come
under its notice.
The El Dorado County Board of
Trade has sent out a letter to all the
leading men in the county asking them
to co-operate for the benefit of the sec
tion of California In which they re
side. The letter is signed by Max
Mierson as president and Clark How
ard as secretary. The objects imme
diately In view are deecribed in sub
stance as follows:
f A progressive body called the El Dorado
Board of Trade has recently been organized
In this county for the purpose of developing
this locality, advertising the resources of the
county, securing an increase in population and
assisting in the planting of new industries in
our midst.
pose of Increasing Prosperity
at Home.
Board of Trade Is Organized for Pur-
EL DORADO'S PEOPLE
INVITE CO-OPERATION
Negotiations are now ¦ In progress to carry
out this object v and there is good prospect that
they will be successful. As many as 100 peo
ple have taken part at a time in these trips,
and the amount of good jione is incalculable.
Secretary . Stearns of . the Oakland ¦ Board of
Trade is working hard In the matter, and to
his efforts, . if successful, Alameda will owe
not a little of the accomplishment. Of course.
It must not be lost- sight of, that it was
President Smith of the West End Association
who first took the matter up. Every Alamedan
who has. any possible- influence in this matter
should use it to the utmost.
NEGOTIATIONS PROGRESS.
[something about Oakland and Its accomplish
jynpnts. with its prospects for the future. After
j this the Creek route Is taken again for the
| city. All this is done twice a week and at the
I small cost of $1 per .head.
It is proposed to change this route somewhat,
as soon Jts arrangement* can be made. The
¦ excursionists are' to be taken direct to Ber,ke
; Icy bv way of the Key Route, thence as.herr
! tofore to Haywards. but on the return trip the
' parties will be switched at .Twenty-third ave
! nue and brought around through Alameda, back
: to the Creek route landing. In this city guides
: will be provided who will show the public
buildings and expatiate upon- the attractions
of the Model Citv.
We affiliate with the California State
Board of Trade and with the California
Water and Forest Association. The ex
change holds a meeting once a week.
Every member. and every citizen who
has an idea that may work out to the
benefit of the public Is permitted to
present It. If It seems to the exchange
to be feasible, a committee is appointed
to take the matter up. The officers arid
directors are: President. . Theo Gier:
vice-president, A. Jonas; treasurer. W.
H. Weilbye; secretary, Wilbur Walker;
directors, George W. Arper, R. M.
Briere. D. C. Brown, H. C. Capwell, 3.
L. Champlln, H. C. Coward. F. G.
Elben, F. M. Farwell, Herman Gord. J.
A. Hill, Nl A. Koser, F. J. Lea. E. F.
Muller, H. M. Sanborn. A. H. Schlueter.
F. Sinclair. J. F. W. Sohst and H. G.
Williams.
distinct sets of taxes are levied and col
lected — for Oakland, Alameda. Berke
ley. Emeryville and for the county. All
assessments and all collections cost
money.
Chicago after a voyage down the .Mis
sissippi, out through the Gulf of Mex
ico and up the Atlantic coast. The ves
sel was 177 days Jn making the trip/
Little Vessel MakesfTrip to New^ York
via Gulf of Mexico in
177 Days..
NEW YORK, April 10.— The ninety
ton steam yacht Roxana, which Was
built in Milwaukee last year for John
W. Gates, arrived here to-day from
GATES' STEAM YACHT
ARRIVES FROM CHICAGO
OFKICKRS OF MERCHANTS* EX
CHANGE OF OAKLAND. WHO
ARE ENTHUSIASTIC WORKERS.
In a genera! way the purpose of the
exchange has been to get ' behind one
thing at a time and. to push that to a
finish. We have agitated In favor of
combining Oakland. --Alameda and
Berkeley into one city. That ought to
be effected. The consolidation of the
three cities Into one would make a
community larger- than Los Angeles.
It would be influential by reason of the
character of its inhabitants. The Mer
chants' Exchange- Is emphatically In
favor of a greater Oakland, , to extend
from the Contra Costa. County line -to
San Leandro Creek.* Now, within three
miles of the Oakland -City Hall, five
WORK IS THOROUGH,
Co-operating with others, the Mer
chants' Exchange aided to secure the
passage in the Californal Legislature
of the bill to permit the garnishment of
the salaries of public employes. The
exchange has been Instrumental In the
passage of other, bills. " \
Recently the Merchants' Exchange
has been engaged in collecting the Al
ameda County exhibit for the Louis
iana Purchase Exposition at St. Louis.
This work has been in oharge of a com
mittee headed by "Mr.-GIer. Mr. Weil
bye fa now In St. Louis attending to
the installation of the Alameda County
exhibit . '¦¦¦¦ : - ¦¦:¦¦-%
Five successful celebrations of the
Fourth of July In Oakland have been
brought about by the Merchants' Ex
change. Each, in succession, has been
better than the preceding ones. This
has almost led us to dread the next
celebration for fear that It will not keep
up the record of being an improvement
on those that have gone before it. In
former years Oakland would have a
fine Fourth of July procession in the
forenoon. After that was over every
one would go out of the city.
The Merchants' Exchange has real
ized that there could be a practical as
well as a patriotic side to the Fourth
of July celebrations. In carrying out
this Idea, celebrations have been de
vised so that the visitors to the city
would remain all day. There have been
morning parades, afternoon exercise*
at Lake Merritt and -fire works in the
evening. This has resulted in leaving
quite a large sum of money from out
side in Oakland every Fourth of July.
Thousands of visitors have been
brought into the city and Induced to
pass the Fourth in Oakland.
The Merchants* Exchange has co-op
erated to bring people to Oakland dur
ing the sessions of the national assem
blies of various kinds in San Fran
cisco. Oakland days have become well
known. The fame of Oakland haa
been largely extended thereby. Oak
land entertained, among other famousj
guests. President McKlnley and Pres
ident Roosevelt. Arrangement* are
making now for the entertainment of
the delegate* to the National Retail
Grocers' convention to be held soon In
San Francisco.
The Merchants' Exchange- also put
through the Redwood Canyon and
Moraga Valley road, otherwise known
as the Medau road. The Exchange has
also co-operated with others in the new
foothill road from Oakland to Hay
wards. That follows the line of the
lower foothills and is distinctively a
scenic drive. One provision Is that
no electric or other railway shall be
constructed on the road. We co-oper
ated with other bodies In that. The
Merchants' Exchange haa assisted in
having Oakland's streets improved.
The work on Telegraph avenue ia now
under way and It will probably be
completed in six months.
FOURTH OF JULY.
The cost of constructing the road
was auite large. Three-fifths of the
tunnel is in Contra Costa County. It
was evident that Contra Costa County
could not undertake three-fifths of the
expense. It was therefore arranged
that Contra Costa should pay two
fifths, Alameda County two
fifths and the remaining -one-fifth of
the cost was to be raised through the
agency of the Merchants' Exchange by
subscriptions. This plan was carried
out successfully. The Merchants* Ex
change raised between $11,000 and $12,
000. The road does not reduce the dis
tance, but decreases the grade and
opens up an easy way for the people
of Contra Costa County to get into
Oakland to trade.
also, at the same time, increased the
roads leading into Oakland. The most
noteworthy of the enterprises of this
sort in which the Merchants' Exchange
has been engaged was the tunnel road
between Alameda and Contra Costa
counties. That road was projected
many years ago. Since then it has
been taken up as a dream at intervals.
About six years ago the Exchange went
at the matter in earnest and the re
sult is that the road has been com
pleted.
Apropos to advertising:; this city by securing
the . vlelts I of ' excursionists, who are at present
taken throuKh i- Oakland, . Berkeley; / Hay wards
and the intervening towns, leaving- thla city to
one clde (off the map, so to speak). It appears
that President Smith of the West End Improve
ment Association has had . this ' matter •¦ !¦ s view
for i some ; time, and the Enclnal In . glad to ; be
able to second i"-is efforts most heartily. ' : ; 'i *'
>\\t> these. trips are now operated, -, the excur
silnlstn ¦¦> come -across >. the t bay v by * tbe\ Creek
route 'and are : landed at the foot : of : Broadway.
Electric i oars ' are; there ' taken, and " the '; party/
accompanied i by f competent ¦ guides . to . explain
all .• the * different points ; of Interest.- goes first
to '. Berkeley, •• then * returns."- stopping at » Idora
Park. ' thence • to . Piedmont *• Springs and s the
Height*, thence to .'Hotel • Metropole for < lunch."
After lunch the party goes direct to Haywards,
and ' returns "¦> to • the ; Board J of Trade ¦ rooms ; In
Berkeley.- where Secretary ' Stearns tells them
¦Coming "close- home. , ; to Alameda, a
matter of importance has been brought
to the front by the "Alameda West End
Improvement Association. The story, is
told in full by the Alameda Enclnal as
follows: "' 'i /»•'>- f
"Within less than eighteen months
over 3000 settlers have made . their
homes in these districts, and onc£ un
broken grain ranches of from (rtO to
10,000 acres in a body have been sub
divided and a score of families will
now often be found where formerly
there was but one. On one of the
largest tracts fully 100 families now
have homes, and on another in excess
of 1000 men, women and children, all
from the Middle West, have made
their habitation and are prospering.
Modesto'8 population has, in the in
terim jumped from 2000 to about 3000,
the settlement of Ceres has doubled in
population, and the little town of Tur
lock has trebled its people and business
houses.
"The cost of great enterprise
was $2,600,000, /representing a bonded
indebtedness of less than $10 per acre
on the land, of which only the Inter
est, at 5 per cent, is payable during the
next twenty years. Enhanced values
and business: already represent double
the investment. ¦ , "** '.
"A great . concrete dam thirty miles
higher up on' the Tuolumne River, con
structed ten years ago at a cost of
$550,000, raises . the / water to - a , level
from which it Is taken on either side
by the main canals of the districts/ One
of these is 74 and the other 64 feet in
width on the bottom, and they, 'are
designed to carry volumes of water
eight and six j f eet . in depth, / respect
ively. ' - These .main canals are ' each
twenty-two miles , in length and supply
200 miles of laterals' ranging from 40
down to 20 feet in width. ; ' ."
"Great wealth for the people ; of the
districts" and for' the State will ; flow
from this' enterprise, and the example
will stimulate: the people of otherisec
tions to place, themselves" in jikeiposi
tion, independent ; of ; the exactions . of
private companies, deriving > the ,water
at- minimum • cost and* attaching \ it to
the land inalienably ' and in ' perpetu
ity." t v.'/, ~\ ..,'• :;.< y;': ;—':•-;
IMPORTANT TO ALAMEDA.;
"Thirty thousand acres have already
been withdrawn from grain cultivation
and devoted to alfalfa, vines, Cali
myrna figs, oranges, 'almonds, peaches,
sweet potatoes and other products for
which irrigation is necessary, and the
results to date have more than grati
fied the most sanguine expectations.
* "Settlement and development are
proceeding at a rapid pace. . From the
Stanislaus River to the Merced—be
tween which the districts- Be,, the
Tuolumne River (navigable; to 'Modesto
for a portion of the year) /dividing
them and furnishing an abundant sup
ply of water for bothf-a vista: of new
roofs, alfalfa fields, gardens, young or
chards and? vineyards presents^ to the
traveler; and a score of great canals,
veritable rivers on the plain, feeding
the distributing ditches, are" crossed in
passage. Visitors on the occasion of
the jubilee will be taken on train and
carriage . excursions through theBe
scenes so pregnant of transformation
and prosperity.
SETTLERS BY THOUSANDS.
Among the leading events now inter
esting the interior counties of Califor
nia is the coming jubilee at Modesto
on April 22 and 23, to commemorate the
completion and successful operation of
a great frrigation system. A circular
has been issued by the Jubilee Press
Committee from which some idea of
the importance of the event to be cel
ebrated to the people dwelling in and
about Modesto may be gained. The
circular asserts that, the jubilee "will
mark an epoch in the history of Cali
fornia," and continues:
"It will signalize the completion and
successful operation of the greatest ir
rigation system in America, one of the
greatest in the world, planned,' con
structed, owned and managed by ' the
owners of the 260,000 acres of land tra
versed by the canals — by the , people,
organized for the purpose in two mu
nicipal corporations known as t the
Modesto 'and J Turlock Irrigation dis
tricts. .¦- .',:,..
The Merchants' Exchange ha« ftriven
to have the people of Alameda County
trade in Oaklandor in Alameda Coun
ty. The basket brigade that used to
come into Alameda County every even
ing from San Francisco/has been made
much smaller than it tias. The same
1» true of the bundle array coming -to
Alameda County from San Francisco
at Christmas time. We say and are
prepared to demonstrate that pur
chasers of any kind of good* can buy
ag well in Oakland as they can in San
Francisco, both as regards quality and
prire.
While the Merchant*?" Exchange has
directly assisted the merchants, it nab
The only licenses now existing are for
the regulation of special lines. Reform
in the matter of the merchandise licen
ses was brought about by the creation
of public sentiment in the first instance.
It is no morf equitable to specially tax
the merchant than it is to tax, by li
cense, the dentist, lawyer or medical
practitioner. We contend against the
license for delivering goods.
The fact has been established by the
Merchants' Exchange that the mer
chants of Oakland can deliver in their
own wagons their own merchandise
without having to pay for a license to
pursue that right. Formerly the Oak
land merchants had to pay a license
for delivering in Oakland. Alameda and
Berkeley. We took the license matter
into court. We three times contested
the license for delivering goods in Ala
meda and three times for the right to
deliver in Berkeley and for the Oak
land right once. The last decision was
in favor of the Merchants' Exchange
and as all five Superior Judges sat in
bane to hear the case, that finally pet
tied the matter for good.
TRADING AT HOME.
One matter that has strongly en
gaged the attention of the Merchants'
Exchange is the prevention and lessen
ing of special licenses as against mer
chants doing business in Oakland. It
has been claimed by the Merchants'
Exchange that there is no- reason,
based on justice, why the merchants
should shoulder »- special tax or license
for doing business. The money that is
necessary for carrying on the city,
we have maintained, should be raised
by general taxation. There are no
merchandise licenses in existence now
in Oakland. At times such licenses
have ranged frem $2 to $100 per
quarter.
in all ways possible within the scope
<>f its purposes. Its first aim was to
* reate a better feeling among the mer
chants, so that they might all pull to
gether. Much has been accomplished
by reason of this. The successes of the
Merchants' Exchange are of several
*ort«. ,
The Merchants' Exchange of Oak
land has for its primary purpose the
advancement of the interests of Oak
land merchants. It also promotes the
welfare of Oakland and of the county
Secretary Merchants' Exchange of Oakland
By Wilber Walker.
Alameda Makes Plan
to SecurerMore
Attention.
Mercantile Interest
Finds Its Able
Champions.
Practical Measures
Bring Results of
Value.
Modesto Tells Wha
Coming Jubilee
Signifies.
The river and harbor and general de
ficiency bills af"e not likely to consume
much time, but the Philippine bill,
which probably will be reported by
Wednesday, is expected' to require. at
least two days' debate. •
The Statehood bill's career is to be
determined by a caucus of Republican
members to be held probably Thurs
day evening. "A special rule from the
Committee on Rules limiting debate
and providing for a vote is expected as
the* result of the caucus.
WASHINGTON, April. 10. — April 23
has been discussed in committee-rooms
and among: Senators and Representa
tives as not at all an improbable date
for the termination of the present ses
sion of Congress. No call has yet been
issued, but Republican leaders of the
Senate anticipate holding a meeting
of the steering committee early next
week to agree on a general programme
for the remaining days of the session.
The appropriation bills this week will
take precedence of all business in the
Senate.V but it is more man probable
that political discussion will take /up
most of the time nominally devoted to
appropriations. The postofflce bill will
divide attention early in the week with
the conference report on the Indian bill.
By the time these two measures shall
.have* been disposed of it is expected
that the sundry civil bill will have
been reported from the Committee on
Appropriations. It . is quite generally
understood that several Democratic
Senators will reply to Senator Spooner's
speech, among them Senator Gorman.
There will be an effort made to get up
the Panama canal bill during the week,
but not if it. would interfere with con
sideration of appropriation bills.
The measures of importance that will
come before the House this week in
clude the $3,000,000 appropriation to
carry on necessary river and harbor
work; the general deficiency bill, which
is expected to come from. the. Appro
priations Committee early in the week,
the Cooper bill amending the Philip
pine civil government bill authorizing
a bond issue by the island government
for interest on improvements and guar
anteeing 5 per cent earnings on capital
to be invested in railroad buildings in
the islands; the Statehood bill and con
ference reDorts as they may come up
for consideration. .
Political Discussion Will
Consume Time Not Devot
ed to Appropriation Bills
MANY BILLS ON FILE
Present Session of Congress
Is _ Likely to End in
the Latter Part of April
WILBUR WALKER DESCRIBES WORK OR MERCHANTS'
EXCHANGE FOR BENEFIT OF WIDE-AWAKE OAKLAND
MAY ADJOURN
THIS MONTH
THE; SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, ..MONDAY, ;APRIL;; 11; 1904.
7
"Thinking perhaps it was caused by
coffee I wanted to make sure of it. so I
grave . up the use of coffee and drank
Postum in its place. My old trouble dis-
appeared and I learned to look forward
to my Postum with as much eagerness
as I used to look to coffee, and instead
of being bad in its effect, Poetum Is
very healthy, and I feel 'fit as a lord*
right along." Name eriven by Postum
Co.. Battle Creek. Mich.
There's a reason why Postum helps
toward fame and fortune when used in
place of coffee, the drug-drink.
Look in each package for the famous
little book, "The Road to Wellville."
"I was a lover of coffee," says a New
York man. "It seemed to me breakfast
was nothing without it, but I noticed an
hour or eo after breakfast a dull, stupid
feeling: came over me, accompanied fre-
quently by nausea.
That dull, heavy feellnff from coffee
may not amount to much Jn itself, bat
it's a erreat obstacle In the way of fame
and fortune, for it kills ambition and
makes one lazy and finally »ick._
The successful men or women must
first concuer themselves. The way to
conquer that dull, stupid feeling 9 times
out of 10 is to pay a little attention to
proper food; coffee in particular will
dull the senses and make one feel lazy
and Ftupid after the first effects" of the
cup have worn off, an hour or so after
drinking it.
XO PLACE.
The Lazy Ones Must Stand Aside.
POSTUU CEBEAL.
: - J---J:- ' u _._.j'_- ., .;. _ ...^ -,.--¦¦--- .J*ATTOsiEy's. _ •
• . . v
iNOTreEli
I TO THE PUBLIC .
! , Unforeseen circumstances force us to an- -
nounce that the doors of this Establishment
MUST be" closed Saturday, April 16th, instead
, of May 1st, as formerly announced in the
daily papers.
i \ PATTOSIEN COMPAPinr
Per W. J. Pattoslen, Mgr.
i i ii ¦
: — . . , __
AMUFEMENTS.
I AMUSEMENTS.
A Bis Banner Bill !
The Four Mortons; Edmund Day and
Company; Ellis-Nowlan Trio; Flo
Adler;. Blind Tom; Four Welsons;
Omnr and Margina; James H. Cul-
len, and Orphenm Motion Pictures.
Regular matinees every i Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday. Prices, 10c, 25c
and SOc.
CALIFORNIA
fB . ONE MORE WEEK. Hjfek
The farce that has made millions Xl
McFADt>EN'Si
FI AT5^ 1
Entire Original Company as seen for S
200 nights in New York; 100 nights in ffi
Chicago. . Q
I Don't miss the "Yellow Kids," fun- S
niest little fellows you have ever seen. I
NEXT— ROSE COGHLAN M
IN THE GREATEST THING IN v ' B
H THE WOR^LD. B
UUkUlVflOlM LEADING THEA>?i
LAST ANIGHTS.
MATINEE SATtRDAY.
FABEWELL NEXT SUNDAY. .
The Season's Greatest Hit.
In Her Most Brilliant Musical Comedy,
MAM'SELLE NAPOLEON
. The Handsomest Chorus in the World.
B?£innln~ Next Monday,
¦ THE rOTTB COHANS.--.
THERE'S | SIGN
THAT SAYS— SEE
KISMET |
• ' Nothing: so catchy." v .
Nothing so funny.
Nothing so b«autlful.
ONLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
LAST SIJC NIGHTS OF
MRS. FISKB
To-night. Tuesday. Wednesday, TTiursaty
Nights and Saturday Matinee'
A DOLL'S HOUSE
Preceded by A BIT OP OLD CHELSEA.
FRIDAY NIGHT — HEDDA GABLES.
SATURDAY NIGHT— SPECIAL BILL.
BEGINNING NEXT SUNDAY MATIN US
KOLB AND DILL, BARNEY BERNARD.
WINFIELD BLAKE. MAUD AMBER
In "HOITY TOITY."
m Popular Prices— Seats Thursday.
E I Vly L| house.
,ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
BEGINNING
TO-NIGHT
THF A
iPnn.n SUPERB
BEGGAR 0 R F E 7 AL
STUDENT MASTERPIECE
USUAL TIVOLI PRICES— 25o. 50c. 75c.
Box and Mezzanine Seats. $1.00.
A T PA 7 A TJBelasco * Mayet
ALLAZAK IfT^rlce.
_____ General Manager.
TO-NIGHT — Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
First Alcazar Production of
Bronson Howard's Best Play
Aristocracy
A Comedy Depicting Society in
San Francisco. London and New York
Evg.. 25c to 75c; Mats. Sat. & Sun. 25c to 5Oc.
Next Monday — The Brilliant Comedy,
THE FRISKY MRS. JOHNSON.
. — i, By Clyde Fitch.
..-¦-¦
Market street, near Eigrhtn. Phone, Soutn 533.
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK.
: MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. " '
The Powerful Sensational Melodrama.
IN THE HANDS
OF THE ENEMY
rtPl™ Panorama of Sodth American Scenes!
Ill The Gold Mines of Bolivia!
And our "ALL-STAR" CAST.
RESERVED SEATS— Nights. 25c.. 50c. and
75c.' Saturday and Sunday Matinees, 25c. and
fiOc. Children at Matinees, 10c. and 25c. .
Return to Pure Fun Next Monday, April 18th.
"CHOW CHOW."
, j An uproariously funny burlesque.
MAJESTIC THEATER
MARKET ST.. 1 :. OPP. LARKIN
OPENING MONDAY; APRIL 18.
ISABEL IRVING
(Direction JAMES K. HACKETT.) /V,\
In Winston Churchill's Play,
"THE CRISIS"
SEAT SALE THURSDAY AT SHERMAN,
CLAY &. CO/S.
¦¦• PRICES— $150. $1.5Qc ; box. seats. |2.
Schumann-Heink
FAREWELL
NEXT SUNDAY AFTERNOON
AT 3:30.
TIVOLI OPERA HOUSE
ENTIRELY NEW PROGRAMME.
POPULAR PRICES:
50c. $1. *l-60. "¦:* '...
Seats at Sherman, Clay St Co/a
..Wednesday. ; . ;
Racing lipiii^ Racing!
'OAKLAND RACE/ TRACK
? . NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKBT CLUB. "
: Racine Each Week Da-. Rain or Shiae,
Six or More Races Daily^
* Races commence at 2 : 15 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track tak»
8. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12. 12:3l\
1:00, 1:30 or 3 o'clock. No smoking in last two
cars, which , are reserved for ladies and their
eicorta,
Returning trains leave: track at 4:10 and
4 :4S ' and lmmed lately : after the last race.
THOMAS H.-. WILLIAMS. President. .
.: PBRCEVW. TREAT.'' Secretary.
MISCELLANEOUS AMUSEMENTS.
GRAND CONCERT AND DBHL.
iHlIlBBiMSjGOVTS
¦S}£d BOBOWAVZCa; PAVILION. .¦ '
MONDAY I EVENING. AFRXX. \ 11, . 1904.
BENEFIT BXcXINNON MEMORIAL
Admission 50 cents. Reserved-, seats 75 .cents.
For sale at Sberman & Clay's.
\pl" Thrilling Escape From Prison!
ill Battle for Life In Ruined Monastery!
w .*" A Great Play and a Brilliant Cartl -
PDIfEC Evening*. 10c. to 50c.
rjflVCJ Matinees. 10c., 15c. 25c.
Next— THE WHITE SQUADRON.
A GREAT SHOW
Every Afternoon and Eveaiatr In tit*
- Tnsatax.
TAKE A RIDE ON THE
MINIATURE ELECTRIC RAILROAD
ANIMALS FROM ALL CLIMES IN THE ZOO.
VISIT THE MYSTIC MIRROR MAZE.
—AMATEUR NIGHT THURSDAY— *V v
; Admission, 10c; Children. 5c.
When Phoning Ask for. "The Chutea."
MISCELLANEOUS ATMUSEMBJf TS.
SHAKESPEAREAN RECITAL.
MARSHALL
DARRACH
MOITOAY HIOHT,
"MACBeTH,"
STEXHWAT XCAXiXu
, APMSBIOH 73c.
I DfcPIERCEST
GOLDEN
DISCOVERY
K . FOR THE - _
BI.OOP,L1VER.HJNGS>
W/.T.HESS,
' XTotary Fnblio and Attorney-at-Law.
Tenth Floor, - Room - 1015.Claus £oreckal<t . bid*.
.-¦ - Telephone Main 9S3»^9P*B|
- Residence, 1802 McAllister st.
Residence Telephone Page 5641.
I*
%25^"s™ MARK FT ST. «* F SSS^
DIRECTORY
. RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mallei
}"?¦ y op Application. " -*
7BZSHAXS SALT MEATS. ,
!1C BftVrC'jt'rA : Shipping ' Butchers, 103
J A J. DV ICJtt WU. , ClayT T«L Main 5 129*
• •.- ••¦/ ; ,¦;-¦- ;oxns.V^"';-"~\ ¦/ "~
LUBRICATING) OILS ; ' LEONARD-* ELLIS.
; 418 ' Front ft.; ' 8. , F. ' Phone • Mala , t719.
Fsnmxa. ;. " /
; F. C. HU GHE& 6H Sanaoma rt., « a. r. ,
Open Sores
. can be cleaned out, the suppura-
tion stopped, and a cure effected
by the use of ' .- j
tfdmom
: Only morbid matter is destroyed
by thii marvelous germicide, which :
aflows^Nature to build up healthy *
. Absolutely, harmless. r
Used and \ endorsed v by ' leading
i- physicians everywhere. • "
Sold by leading druggists, or trial
bottle sent, prepaid, on receipt of
ascents.'. .
The genuine bears my signature
; on every bottle. Address
77UCK-T«lub!« BmkUt •¦ Mow to Tr*»t ifttMMM. '\
HOTELS; AND RESORTS.
(New)HOTEL BUTLER
SEATTLE.
•"' REMODELED '¦ AND "' REBUILT at expenso
Of :<•¦ |260,000 — New . Management — ENTIRELY
FIREPROOF. ' , >-.>\,J
¦ LOCATION— Very.:- accessible - to street car
lines, theaters, ; etc. s EUROPEAN PLAN.
; 223 ROOMS ¦ with* LUXURIOUS BATHS—
Several v nrlvate rooms In i antique : decorations
Turkish Baths in Hotel.- . *¦¦ ; .< ¦
UNSURPASSED RESTAURANT, D« Bte!-
eer, ¦ Chef. - formerly >• of ..Waldorf-Astoria r and
Chef to Prince > of Wales. ¦ ¦-•¦¦< :¦•¦••;-(.'!
¦ 'HOTEL? ORCHESTRA; Telephone Connec-
tions | In every room ; | long distance connections
made.wlth any part of the coast. . :
Wire- for reservations,* at our expense. ¦
t' HOTEL \ BUTLER, : Seattle, Wash.
A' : '? : *' ¦¦'.•¦'¦'¦ --*':¦ •'¦' ¦¦-'¦-- >¦"•¦¦ ._:—¦'-¦¦'
obirr FAiL/ro
* a * av 'y •e«tb« beautiful
- COURT Lounginf
flf1fl * 'room, tfat EMPIRE
OUU
> j^ PALM ROOM, the
lirfl fid LOUIS XV PAR-
. " iaUI * the>LA-
DiJv DIES' WRITINO
Hotels 1 feoM-THE SAN FRAN(^Ca;.CAB^ ? rMQNDAYr APRIL 11, 1904.
8
OUR €L ASS1FI ED CO LUM NS ARE « GREAT
EMPLOYMENT WAyTED— MALE. -
qTTUATION wanted by. a younr man in city
Jr wunVry:*-S do any kind of ranch work.
-AddreU?ifr Webster al. Oakland.
WANTED-By boy of 1«. Job in tin shop. Boy.
box 30til. Call-offlc*-
WRAPPER wanti to work. . 1845 Geary rt.
WANTED— Position as gardener. Box 306O.
Call office. ¦' " -
MAN 40 years old wants work of any, kind; is
good carpenter. /Box 1229. Call.
ENGINEER would like position on dred«er.
Box 1232. Call.
CARPENTER wants work by the day; nnioa
man. .. 4212 Nineteenth st. <,
FIRST-CLASS platen pressman j?** 1 "* ""?£"
tlon. Address FV ROBINSO^. «56 First a^e.
YOUNG couple wants place in country: waiter
and waitress. Box 3053. Call.
SHEET metal worker !» desirous of jettin*; a
i steady position. Box 1244. CalL
POSITION as gardener; country. Box 3087.
Call office. '
,BOY wants a position as an office boy. Box
1243. Call office. _,
FIRST-CLASS canvasser wants .position. Box
1241, Call office. ___
FIRST-CLASS canvasser wants position. Box
123S. Call office. ¦
WANTED— Position as 'collector. Box 1237.
Call office. '' __
ELDERLY man wants position to carry pa-
pers. Box 1236. Call. ;
GOOD porter and cook for saloon. Box 12CS.
Call , offlce. ;
COOK wants position, hotel or restaurant; city
. or country. 304 Kearny st. '
YOUNG man would like a situation on a
ranch. Box 1230. Call.
STENOGRAPHER, understands bookkeeping;
best references. Box 3C8S, Call.
YOUNG man wishes position In stable.. R-.
box 230. Call offlce. '
BAKER, flrst-class all around man, wants
situation in the country. Box 122.. Call.
SOBER, reliable Japanese wishes poslffcin la
private family, can milk cotr. take care of
horses chore around; generally useful; city
or country. Box 1245. Call offlce.
JAPANESE boy wants housework and plain
cooking. Please call at 1040 McAllister, tel.
Fell 7181. " •-
YOUNG Chinese, flrst-clasa cook, wants po-
sition in private family: wages 135. AH
SING. 815 Dupont st.
FLATS TO LET.
AAA— HOUSE RENTING DEPARTMENT.
All desirable vacant houses and flats are list-
ed in our free renting department: ovtr 1000
in number: a combined list from all agencies;
let us give you a list and help you to find a
place; we" never fall; service- free.
sterling furniture co..
10c3 market st..
opposite McAllister.
A— HOUSES and flata to let; an immense list:
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time- and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-259 Geary
sl, on the square. _ ¦ -
EIGHTEENTH, near Valencia— New fiat, 3
rooms and bath; all modern improvements;
|27 50.
Sixth, near Bryant — Two flats of 4 rooms
each: $7 50 each. Apply to G. A. LEROUX.
29 New Montgomery sl
A HANDSOME flat of 5 large rooms and bath:
fine view with bir sunny yard. Inquire at
- 3)11 Sacramento St., Presidio Heights.
WALLER. 1653. beL Cole and Shrader —
Elegant new sunny upper flat; 6 rooms and 2
attic with bath.
$32 50 — Finest 6-room flat in the Mission; sun
all day; all modern. S74 Valencia sl. near
Twentieth st.
BEAUTIFUL new upper fla\s In Sunset: 5-8
rooms; $25. <27 50. 1452-1453 Eighth ave.
BROADWAY. -1263. nr.--Hyde — Neat bay-wtn.
flat. 4 !arga rmr., reduced to $15: 3 rzns.. *11.
1939 ELLIS,' near Devisadero; modern 6-room
¦ flat -- ' ' :
CARL. 212, near Stanyan, 1 block from park —
6 rooms, bath : rent $25.
MODERN flat. 5 r. & b.. yard, basement; fash-
ionable; water free; rent $27 50. 3300 CUy.
NEW, sunny flats: 4 and 5 rooms: yard; rent
reasonable. ' 3371' 25th sl, near Mission.
PLEASANT. 24, near Sacramento, above Tay-
( lor— Modern ( sunny flat. 5 rooms. 2 mantel3.
RITCH, 240-242— Two flats of 4 room* each:
rents $11 50. •¦
WALLER. 1303, near Masonic ave. — Lower
flat to let. 5 rooms,' modern; $27 50.
WALLER. 162S — Flats of 6 sunny rooms; very-
desirable: modern. :
FJ.ATS TO LET — Fl'IlMSUEU.
CAPP, 614 — Flat of 5 sunny rooms complete:
piano, gas range; can have tenant for one
room; adults. Call from 11 to 4.
CASTRO. 655— Sunny furnished flat; 5 rooms;
piano. Call from 9 to 2.
FOR 4 months, completely furnished. 7 rooms;
reasonable; adults; references. 3323 Clay st.
WASHINGTON, 2S33— Beautifully furnished
sunny flat. 7 rooms: piano; garden.
FLATS FOR SALE FUH5ISHEO.
NEW carpets and furnishings of 7-room flat for
sale at great bargain; flat rents for $37 .Vi
per month; lease Indefinite. Inquire at 770
Ccle si
$300 WILL buy new ' furniture of a modern
5-room tunny flat and bath, everything com- .
j vlete for housekeeping. 3270 Twentieth sl.
near Folsom.
LOVELY new flat; sun in every room; furn. al-
most new; cheap rent; S2S5. Call 10 to 3,
242 Noe sl, near Market.
FLATS FOR SALE.
NEWLY furnished, sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath, only $40O; rent $35; must sell at once.
1563 California sl
gOB ADOPTIOy. '
GOOD home for children; best care; -reason-
able. 2028 Buena Vlata ave.. Alameda.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. ¦'
ANDERSON Auction House. 19 Turk; Just off
of Market— Bedsteads, from $1 up; iron beds.
$2; bureaus, from $4 up: bedroom sets, from
$8 up; bed lounges, $4; conches. $3; double-
pointed carpet tacks. . 2^c a paper; wlr«
• picture cord. 5c; pole trimmings of all de-
- scriptions; lace curtains from 25c up
AUCTION SALES
Solicited anywhere and at any time. A H
ANDERSON, the auctioneer; phone South
608. . ¦ ' . ¦ ¦
FUlUflTURE WASTED.
.T ¦ ABE LEVY. : " ¦.. .-.¦ .-< ' -."_"-
Salesroom, ' 1135 Market sl Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your* farnlture, carpets, offlce fur-
nlture. etc, until you get his estimate.
WANiHU-A'box couch: not over 5 feet lor?
- and 2 feet • wide; state price asked. Box
2759. Call offlce. .
CHAS.'LEVY & CO. pay highest price for fur-
nlture. carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 467.
A. L. STORRS pays highest cash prices furnl-
ture, carpets, etc.; tel. Larkln 3631. 634 Ellis.
A. WOLLPERT. T73 Mission, phone Red 4462.
bcya. rents, repairs, packs furniture, carpers.
B.T.SCHELL. 2412 Mission: teL Church 5370
: ' pays beet - prices for furniture, carpets, etc
HIGHEST prices for furniture and mdw L. H
BURP. » uctloneer.1813 Mkl :t el. Howard 275«.'
;1 "?- L f* ?y A - KTEP FEMALE.; >
A-WANTED^GIrii U» learn hatrdresiing.
manicuring." etc.: trade taught from A to 2
In 2 weeks; $5 to those entertn*; now; 3 po. '
sttlons to fill Immediately; positions guaran-
«r" d ¦•• t 'l!? JF T WMk ."°P5 leading- school la
West. 233 Geary st.. -room 13.
A— Girls to learn millinery now for sprrna- sea-
• son; both seasons^ taught from «tart to flnlsh
la , X i ™> nib / or * 15 = Positions ' as trimmers.
salealadies. etc.. guaranteed at $10 per wk up*
day and evening class.- 143 Stocktonsl. r. li
A t;^ DI^? }° 'f ani *« br-nchea halrdressin*
trade. -manicuring, massage, etc. 1236 Mar--
¦t h^i,. C , O t r '_i One8 - i°° m 91: P° sltl( 'n» secured--
at highest wages; day and «»«. class;. call '
!!l_f_i^_^_^^~^T^
F1 UniI_ C .^ S3 ¦ Dant8 "•.^ Ui ?- tri ' w *" t^-"---»M-
THE^CALL
JOE2T 9. SFSECKXLS. Proprietor.
ACCiEss GcmmaticEs 10 loss KcKAQGHT, fcsagr
W. J. MARTIN Business Manager
TELEPHONE.
At* for THE CALU The Operator -Will Con-
nect Ton With the Department You Wl«h.
Publication Offlc- Market and Third. S. F.
Editorial Room 217 to 221 «St«ven*on «l
Delivered by Carrier*. 20 Cts. Per "^>*k. " 5
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies » Ce « t8 _..,,
Terms by Mall. Including Postage <Ca*h Witn
Order):
DAILY CALL (lnclud. Sunday). 1 year... $S 00
I>AILT CALL Ondud. Sunday), o mo* «_w
DAILY CALL— By Einrle Month >™
6UNDAT CALL. 1 Tear 2 J*
S5____^^^*JF_S
•«*J_L POSTMA6TERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Basspla Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall Btibacrlber* in ordering chaste of ad-
dress «hould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS In order to insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their r«-
«ueai
OAKLAND OmCEl
HIS Broadway T«lephoe« MeJn 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
Ei8 Octer Street Telephone ICwrth TT
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
BAML'El. W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
¦Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 51
Cnlon Square; Murray Hlil Hotel; Flfth-ave-
Cue Hotel and Hoffman H-o«se.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Fherman House: P. O. New* Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATITE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS.-MarQuette BuildSlr.*
(Long Distance Ttlephone, "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE.
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C- C. CARLTON Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Cal! corr.er Market and TWrd streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the *-ear.
BRANCH OFFICES:
10m? Market etreet. opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. m.
f-27 Montgomery etreet, comer Clay; open
until !>:S0 p m.
s™ Ha:-es etreet; open until 0:30 p. m.
<vi5» McAllister street: open until ?:30 pi m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:S0 p. m.
ls*41 Mission #treet: open until 10 p. m.
_2'1 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 T- rn.
If* Eleventh etreet: open until 8 p. m.
3<jl<<". Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
North<-£st corner Church and Duncan «treet«;
or*n until 8 p. m.
Northwest corner of Twenty -second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
S2»0 Fillmore etreet; open until 9 p. m.
KBStnc NOTICES.
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Comir.andery -Jfijm
No 1«. K. T.. «>25 Sutter «=i— Special {H_
efK»mb!y THIS EVENING at 7 feJ
o'clock. Order of Temple. All fra-
t<>r* are courteously invited. By or-
Czr of the Commander.
THEO. FROLICH, Recorder.
6AN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal O
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. Vy
D*gre«* 4 end 5. /V\
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. m
M.-TH1S (MONDAY) EVENING at VSf
7 :3»> o'clock. First degree. By order
«.'f Hi* Master.
\.ALTER G. AXDERSOX, Secretary. _
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. ar.d A. Q
M.— Called meettn*; THIS DAYlMON- >CjC
I3AY». April 11, 1904. at 7:30 o'clcck rV\
p. mi. Den** 1. By order of the W.
M L SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
KING SOLOMONS Lodge No. 260. F. _-
and A. M.. 1S39 Fillmore et.— Flirt vy
«5errte THIS EVENING at 7:30 /VN
c'tiocl:.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
MFMBERS of Redwood
<an:p No. • »1. W. O. W.. - . ;_ "4?_
art res|ir<:tfully rcquestfd >_ >-¦¦ «"*yjj.
•¦ ;.i-:. 1 :.'• funeral cf #C3. < *V^n»AV_p! : iB
#ur :¦«..- neiahber. PAUL K^^»_g___5__J
URUtK tro:n the under- • ¦ i| W_» l lmm
taking i^rloi* of C. H. J. Truman. TflTO
Mittion rt.. on MONDAY April 11. at 2:30
p. m. Intcrnier.t at Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
by funeral car from Guerrero and Eighteenth
Mt. By ord^r of
FRED G. CELATTE. Con. Com.
J. N. BARCCL. Cierk. C
NOTICE of annual meeting of Mercantilfc Trust
t'ompany of £an >"raiicie<-o — The regular an-
nual "netting of th-e- stockholder* of the
3.5ercar.tile Trust Corr.rar.y i>f Francisco
will t>e held on *\ 'Kt'XtSDAY. April '_..
1W>4, at \V. o'clock Xtooa, at the office of
the company, 404 California street, San
Francisco, California, for the purpose of
electing a Board of Directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and lor the transaction of euch
other business as may come before the meer-
"i : rani>fer book* will close on Saturday.
April It, 19"M, at 12 o'clock nocn.
Dated April 11, 1904.
JOHN V. McKEE. Secretary.
THE enr.ual of the stockholders of
the Sierra Railway Company' of Calilornia
will be held at the office* of the company.
No 229 Crocker buiiilir._\ City and County
cf Fan Franrieco. State cf California, on
MONDAY, the Ml) day of February. ll*l>4. fct
the hour of 11 o'clock a. n».. for the purpose
c.f electing directors tor the er.FUing year
end the transaction of nuch ether business a*
may ccme before Bald meetior. Dated at
fan Francisco. Cal.. January 23. 1»U4. 6.
V. FRESHMAN. Secretary.
Th* abrne meetinsr ndjuurmd until April
Uth 1HO4. at 11 o'clock ¦_ m.
Feb. b. 1904. S. D. FRESHMAN. Sec'y.
ANNUAL MEETING— Notice is hereby given
that the seventeenth annuat meeting of the
*tockholder* of th» ItalIan-Swi«-s Mutual
Loan Association will he held at the offi^
rit the corporation. SIS Montgomery el. Han
Francisco on WEDNESDAY. April IS. 1JKH.
et 3:30 p. ro.. for the purpose of electing
«5 1 rector* for the ensuing year, presentation
of the seventeenth annual report and the
transaction of such other busine»* aa may
ct_me before the meeting. Bo<ik« are now
r>i*n for the subscription of 1000 share* of
*tock of the eighteenth scries. By order of
the Beard of Director*.
A. SBARBOHO. Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
WHY do hard work? Do eary work. Toothlra
Co.. I'J.*"' Market et., near Thirteenth.
BEVERAL Al men- large . coramUslon. Call
10 to 12 T>ttfi Parrott Mdc.
ADTEBTISEltEHT^WEITnrO.
HAVING recently acquired through exchange
of property three $40 scholarship* tn th« beat
College of Advertiaicr In the United State*.
1 vill **11 them at 25 per cent discount for
teen: the collere teache* advertising writ-
i! £ by correcpondence and aeslst* tt* grad-
uate* to eecure position* ; catalojru'* fur-
r.l*h*d on euptlmtU-n. Adfirew* box 3026. Call.
ATTOB.\EV5-AT-LAW.
A PRIVATE quick divorce for a email fee.
tee vr.r- and rava money; no par In advaac*.
C. W. HOWE. ATTORN EY-AT-LAW.
Ectablithed 22 jrre.; nr.i. 1. 2. S. 4 & 0, lit fl.
. 1122 Market rt.. between Mason and Taylcr.
Advice free ail matter*. Detective* employed.
n. W. KING. Attorney : at-Law, Exam. bid*-..
Cth floor, entrance room C1I; established 20
years; all caces. general court and office prac-
tice; do fee in advance or for consultation;
ex-en ins* by appointment. Tel. Red._30gl.
DIVOHCE law a apectalty; no publicity; advice
free; cort* 112. Addrefg B.A.S.. P.O.boi 2190.
DIVORCE— Coct«. 112; quick, culet; advic*
free; opeo evenings. 027 Market at., rm. SOL
L S. CLARK. 027 Market at.; consultation
free: do fees In advance: open evening*.
CTLLgCnOgOmOES.
BAD tenant* ejected for $4; collection* made;
¦ city or country. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery, rooms 9-10; tel. Main .V,S0.
CEXDIT CXtOTSXEXS.
C F " ADAMS ca "™
SPECIAL CRKDIT STORE.
We clothe the whole family from bat* to
•hoes; everything up to date at cash prices.
Credit for all. 318 Mason, st.
ciiOTKizro sszroTATZira.
CUITS cleaned and pressed, 91 ; ¦ soourlnr ¦ and
tfylEt. Bon Marcbe, 40 Ellis sl. room 14;
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
BUSINESS CHAyCES—Contlnqed^
A. CAMERON & CO. ... ..Phone South 1050
.3 Eddy el, cor. Market and Powell: '
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
Oyster and chop houses. ...... .$350 to $1000
Candy and Icecream parlors.... $200 to $2500
Barber shops $500 to $2500
Cigar stands $350 to $2000
Groceries and bars .$500 to $5C00
Saloons $300 to $10,000
Restaurants $350 to $20,000
Fruit and vegetable stores.. $300 to $1000
Drug stores $2000 to $C00»
! Delicatessen stores '. . . ...$250 to $4500
; Wood and coal yards $250 to $1000
; A. FIRST-CLASS opportunity for druggist or
doctor; fine location for drugstore; good fix-
tures, counters and showcase; rent only $00;
i business already established; with 6 rooms
and bath In rear; elegantly furnished
throughout; everything complete for house-
keeping of the best quality; price $1SOO.
CAMERON &. CO., 3 Eddy sl
FOR sale or trade — Quartz mines: fine prospect;
located In Cal.; assays $40 to $70 ton; trade
for rmg-house or business. Cameron, 3 Eddy.
BEAUTIFULLY located summer resort; fine
groves; 36- room hotel; ail ' furnished and
equipped for business; 20 . acres land goes
with lease; raise own hay, vegetables; all
kinds fruit; rent $500 per year; equity in
this $2500; death In family cause of sale.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — One of the beet restaurants in city;
cheap rent; receipts $75 to $100 day: will
bear investigation; price $1500. CAMERON
& CO.. 3 Eddy st. '
FOR sale — Ladles' ¦ furnishing and fancy goods
business: cheap rent; well located; estab-
, Ushed 12 years; will invoice $S00O; sickness.
CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Half interest In good paying., swell
little restaurant: obliged to leave city; a
snap at ?275. CAMF.PvON & CO.
FOR SALE— A small hotel," furnished, on
Beach Hill. Santa Cruz: also furnished cot-
tare Tor rent. -Address "J. S.."' (16 Wash-
ington st.
GROCERY store in East Oakland for sale;
low rent; gtable and yard. Box 3098. Call.
A FIRST-CLASS massage parlor, doing good
buslnees. for sale cheap. Apply 718 Larkln st.
$1000 — LADY or gentleman partner in big-pay-
ing proposition. Box 1510, Call office.
DELICATESSEN — Bargain If sold at once;
leaving city on account slckntss. Box 1535.
WANTED — Good carpenter as partner; good
chance for good man. 3373 Eighteenth st.
FOR sale — First-class road, house, near new
Chutes; bargain. 3040 Fulton st.
SALOON license and fixtures for sale. 1535
Castro sl. corner Clipper.
WANTED — Men with some capital to take
positions in new company. J Box 3503. Call.
WANTED— Partner to go to Koyokuk, Alaska.
Box 3G12. Call office.
• __-—_—___—________ f
A BRANCH offlc» of The Call for the reception
cf advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market sl. opposite Fifth.
Ot*h until ii n tn ... J
LODCIA'G-HOITSEM FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN, i
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance.
Modern business methods In fine front offices.
PJione Black ."5007. or take elevator to 4th floor.
Up-to-date title abstract free with every sale.
EXTRA NICE. ~
NEW 30-room house; extra fine furniture; hot
water In each room; very swell; lease; $1500
In cash necessary; a central money maker;
exclusively for sale by MARION GRIFFIN.
BEAUTIFUL. I
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 37 rooms; beautifully
furnished in velvet and blrdseye' maple; new
January, 1001; easy terms if requested.
See MARION GRIFFIN.
SWORN STATEMENT^ '
Rooming-house: roomers seiect business men
who require quiet and refln»d surroundings; 60
rooms, splendidly furnished; electric elevator,
electric lig— ts: a widely known house; price
$5000; 'i cash and monthly installments to
..suit buver; long, lease; the manager will show
hi* book:, and make sworn statement that
$2S7 was cleared last month. . .. I
MARION GRIFFIN, rm. 40<> Examiner bid.
CHEAP. - ~ ~
ASK MARION GRIFFIN about that corner. 5-
room flat. 4 blocks north; rent $30; clears $25
over reiit: only $100 down.
bargain!
ITS. EASY to get and easy to run; 24 rooms
on nne floor: very central; rent $3% room;
clears $S0 to $10O month: prjee $121>W; % cash
and installments. Cut this out and nee
MARION GRIFFIN.
PERFECT. f
PERFECT bandbox of a house; clearing $143;
24- room* on Sutter sl; swell and full of
steady roomers. ' See MARION GEIKFIN.
very^fTneT"" ~~
APARTMENT-HOUSE near NOB. HILL; 100
rooms: oeautlfuily furnished and full of nice
peorle; long lease: exact book accounts show
$ieS profit monthly. Get full particulars of
. MARION GRIFFIN.
SUPERABUNDANTLY furnibhed Jan., 190lT~
MULTUM IN PARVO.
31 larg.; sunny roon;s — new building— straight
rocming-houae, see? Fine location, near
Geary and Jones; eminently respectable: make
offer to MARION GRIFFIN.
SPECIAL. 40. -
ANOTHER, only with MARION GRIFFIN:
A two-story house of 40 rooms; good fur-
nishings; all men roomers: rent $110; clears
$liW monthly; reduced to $:J000.
~ READ THIS: ~
PARTLY FURNISHED house in a respectable
;ocatlon; north of Market: 10 rooms; u fur-
nlshed; 8 rented; income $31 over rent; must
be sold by April 15: price was $000; now $300;
must be spot cash. See MARION* ORiFFIN.
VALUE IN SIGHT.
ATTRACTIVE 14-room house, near Eddy and
Hy;Je; wide halls; large rooms; well fur-
nisiud: clears *00;price $1000; % cash;a good
house, sunny side. See MARION GRIFFIN. /
CLEARS $100 MONTHLY.
RECOMMENDED 17-room house on Van Ness
ave. for $1500; rent $C0; very little work for
landlady: tine appearing house. Inside and
nut; exquisitely furnished In elegant oak and
mahogany; rich Brussels carpets; profit $106
monihly. _• ¦ \
Exclusively with MARION GRIFFIN.
1 — IF you want to buy a reliable
2 — Hotel,
3 — Apartment-
4^™J1oUB*
tt— Rcomlng-
7— Hou!«e.
S— You can buy it of MARION GRIFFIN .
9— And - .-
10— It ' .
14— Stand your searchlight of investigation.
WHY NOT '
GET THE BEST?
HERE IS ONE OF
the gr_ndeet; in the best location
THIS CITY AFFORDS. - ..v^;
It contains the most elegant furnishings to
be found in any apartment house; cost $16,000
and it's brand new; the building in new and
modern;- price- 515.000; terms part cash.
Exclusively with]
MARION GRIFFIN, room 406, Examiner Bldg.
______ ¦ - ¦
H. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN 531
906 Market St., Corner Stockton.' Opp. Fourth.
Headquarters for Rooming Houses.
Twenty-eight ' Years in. Business In This City.
~Money-to Loan on Any. House.
MY MOTTO: . v .
Square ' Dealing. Easy Terms. • Clear : . Titles. .
SEE MY BARGAINS:.
14-room house; clears $80. ;....-... ......$600
lo-room corner flat. ................... .$5"»O
4O rooms; clears $250; payments.'.. .. .$.'(200
18-room transient: must sell..'...: $120<>
¦ 7 rooms; only $150 cash. .'.;..'...... Y.$25U
9 rooms; on O'Farrell sl; new.. '."..... $000
100 rooms; -first floor offices; clears $5O0.$750O
25 rooms;, exchange, for 'small -house. ..$23C0
32 rooms; clear* $200. .'..'.. .$.'5100
30 rooms; I fine corner. .$.'1200
. 65-room hotel :.rent $200....... .....'....$.1000
45 rooms;- grand -sunny corner. . . . .'. . .$45oO
35 rooms: country hotel and bar .$2500
170-room hcttl and"bar.\:.V.V*.'..'.':.-.V..$28f_>
100 other houses from . . . . .*. .'.$100 . to $20,000
: • f II. C." DECKER, . 906 Market st. ;
, ¦ '--¦¦".' -i ¦ ' .. ¦ ¦¦-.-*'
MITCHELL'- A -CO........ '.Phone Jessie '2081
1206 Market si; opposite Sixth. /- ,
10 rooms; neat. : sunny," two-floor, house; 'rent
$40; sell or exchange: price $650. '/ •; •
.20 rms.; choice corner, rooming-house;; unex-
celled for. transient as well as steady; roomerc.
' 25 ' -. rooms;- well-appointed' -'housekeeping
suites; landlady, must. sell; "make 'offer. ' -.
MITCHELL & CO.." 1206, Market st. :
GOLDEN GATE. 3<t5^-0-room nouse; ' reason-
able; cleun;:|>aymenis;, leaving city. : . v ,f...
T nnrirvr; ntwjgRJi koi« « \i.v.—-r •»¦«.
A; CAMERON &. CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy, st.,- cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters' for -Rooming-Houses, . Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.' -
190 rooms; new- and.', elegantly appointed
apartment-house: .swell .location; - long lease.;
cheap rent; . part cash, balance made out of
house without Interest. -
10'rooms; Ellis; newly furnished; rent $4*>;
apartments; $200 down, balance $20 per month,
no Interest;-, must- be sold on account other
business; .price $725. - ... >
¦ 20 rooms; weir located; north Market; cheap
rent; Income $70, leaves 2 rooms landlady;
snap; $300. '
75 rooms; new,- modern building: elegant fur-
nishings; cheap rent; close. in; will clear $400
per month: $5000 down, balance can be paid
out of house; see this. .
17 rooms; Vent only $70; oak furniture; Ax-
minster carpets; fine location;. clears $80; fine
buy. '•
29 rooms; central; cheap rent; well fur.; some
housekeeping; full; will take flat in exchange.
• 126 rooms; fln«; downtown corner house; pri-
vate 'baths: beautiful furniture; 2 entrances;
takes in $30 to $40 per day transient, besides
regular roomers; will bear investigation.
21 rooms; corner;': -rent only $85: oak fur.;
good carpets: housekeeping: all full; clearing
$70 over all expenses; 4 rooms- landlady;
price $1600. -
: 60 rooms; new; modern- apartment-house; 10-
year lease; cheap rent; clearing $250 to $300;
very central; flrst-class proposition.
11 rooms; Ellis «t. ; close In; oak furniture;
moquet carpets; part cash, balance time; pricf-
$650. _
108 rooms; cheap rent; new- and elegantly
furnished: up-to-date rooming-bouse; has fine
bar; can be run in conjunction if desired; fare
chance for right- parties; part cash, balance
can be paid out of house; other busfnees inter-
; ests demand, immediate departure.
1 1?6 rooms; rent only $4 per room; new and
up-to-date house; all- men; electric elevator,
lights: long lease; clears $400 to $500 per
month; one of the-best-buys in the city.
19 rooms; rent only $100; well furnished; lit-
tle , apartment- house; reduced to $1100.
20" rooms; cheap, rent; close in: thoroughly
respectable; all. full; clears $100; part cash.
30 rooms; rent only $150; oak and* cherry
fur.; fine carpets; close. In; fine money-maker.
* 220 rooms; new and up-to-date apartment-
house; luxuriously furnished; 5-year contracts
for cheap lighting;' grand new building; clear-
Ing $400 to $600 per month; obliged to leave
city. . - ' -. .-. . ;; - ; ,
11 rooms; rent $40; close In; oak, "cherry fur-
niture; Brussels carpets; .clears $55 over all
expenses; $400 cash,'. balance time; snap; $700,
46 rooms: rent only $65; well located hotel,
south of Market; fine bar: well stocked; brick
building; electric 'lights r everything good con-
dition; part cash, balance time; price $25G0;
will exchange this with "good real estate for
large downtown house. ,
. 40 rooms; elegantly furnished; rent only $250;'
oak and mahogany' furniture; 60 boarders;
clearing $250 per month; close in; fine buy;
price $6000. „ ... - i
9 rooms; sunny flat; rent '$50; oak. mahog-
any fur. ; obliged to -leave city; reduced to $050.
28 rooms; elegantly fur. family hotel on Nob
Hill; doing fine business; will trade for large
apartment-house and pay cash 'difference.
15 rooms; rent $S5;.- well .furnished; all new:
$C00 down; balance 1% per'cent; fine buy; only
$1250. • ¦ : . . . ,
25 rooms; rent only $60;. north Market; all
full;- clears $100 per month; price $1800; will
exchange for small chicken ranch.
106 rooms; new; moet' elegantly appointed
family hotel In city; all full and clearing $400
to $600 per n.onth; books open for inspection;
obliged. to leave city.-, ¦ > • ¦
7-room flat; rent $40; oak furniture; good
carpets; sickness; price. $300.
162 rooms; mest elegantly appointed apart-
ment house in San Francisco; beautiful, mod-
ern building; fine entrance; cheap rent; clear-
Ing $400 per month; 5-year lease; part | cash,
balance S per cent per year. ¦- •'
8. rooms; fine upper flat:, rent -only $30; can
be had by paying $150 down,' balance time;
$150. • •
18 rooms; rent $85; north Market; close In;
good money-maker; reduced from $1000 to $1100.
90 rooms; part offices; elegant new building
and furniture; -high-class location; beautiful
halie; everything modern; first-class grill 'in
connection; best proposition in city; called Kast.
. 24 rooms; rent $145; new and elegantly fur-
nished;, oak and mahogany; fine proposition;
cood Icae^e. '
23' rooms: -^ well furnished:. flrst-claes tran-
sient house; { 2- blocks off Market; 5-year lease;
clearing' over $1CO; good buy for some one.
31 rooms :' rent $110; -all light rooms; clear-
ing over $}00 per mo.; regular snap; only $800
to get in; must leave city at once; price $1300.
128 rooms; cheap rent; "long" lease; - flrst-
class up-to-date downtown hotel; well fur-
: nlshed; clearing $500 to $C0O per. month: must
sell on account of other business; only with us.
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT CO.; •
Phone Black 6001. 777%' Market st.
Bank References. - --¦
Any house sold on easy terms.
Buyers' guide; bring this ad with you.
Some of our Special . Bargains. ,
APARTMENTS — 17 rooms; nicely furnished;
good location; money-maker; * price $1t>00.
CALIFORNIA INVESTMENT, COMPANY.
22 ROOMS; good furnishings; choice location;
rent only $00; snap; $1000. '¦ CALIFORNIA
INVESTMENT COMPANY, j ¦
BIG speculative buy;. 24 -rooms; choice; N of
Market location; brick building; clears . $100
mo.; rent $(50; price J70O; partners disagree.
CAL. INVESTMENT. CO.. 777% Market St. i
12 ROOMS, nicely furnished: choice; N of Mar-
ket location; clears $40 and your rooms; no i
work; rent $47 50; prlce'$700; only $400 cash,
balance eaty terms. CAL INVESTMENT CO.
1 HOUSEKEEPING apartments; 24 rooms; finely
fitted; choice location; clears $100; no work; :
asking $20O0; 'make offer; ¦¦ death cause at
sale; exclusively with CAL.. INVEST CO.
APARTMENT hoube 40 rooms; new. and beauti-
fully furnished: lease;- low rent; price $4000,
half cash: don't wait, lt.wlll go. • CALIFOH-
NIA INVESTMENT CO., 777% Market »t.
100 ROOMS; tunny corner; rent $125. ...54500
; 112 rooms;, clears $350; low rent... $4500
; 80 roums; furniture nearly new...".. $3800
15 rooms; fine location.' north of Market. $n00
! 46 rooms: in Oakland: .new: rent. $00. ..$2600
12 rooms; %' cash: cheap rent $000
Money to loan on furniture. ' EITEL &
CARROLL. 212 Kearny sir, ;
SPECIAL— $600; 28~ur nlshed rooms, all full.
In the finest location in' Point Richmond. Ap-
ply to J. MURRAY, box B6. Point Richmond.
SMALL lodging-house 7 rooms and bath; nlce-
. ly furnished; $250; < call' afternoons. 230A
Third st. - : . - . ;,... ",,_; .
21-ROOMS; Post sl, close in; .only $1300; half
cash; no agents. Owner.] box. 2738. Call. ;
$175— BOARDING and lodging; ' 17 rooms fui^*
nlshed; rent $15;- good place. ; 330 Main sl
16 ROOMS; rent. $80; . water' free: ' 2%-year
lease; furnished new; make offer. ; 323. Taylor.
A SNAP— Light housekeeping;; 14 rooms; in-
yestigatf. 049 Mlsslon'st. ' ' \
F ?, R eaIe — Manhattan House, 825 Battery al;
-8 rooms: bar: account of owner's death.
A- WEEK'S news. for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
iieatiwq :awp
COMPRESSED" alf^ndvacum^system : no w
universally used in «' cleaning '¦> carpets on
• floor;' without- removal: 'price -^moderate; S. ',
. F. Z Compressed - Air Cleaning - Co.,' 308 Mar-
ket Bl;tel. Main 152, BuBh 479. .' . ¦ :
WHEN v you become d lagusted with your - work
¦ £ endf or SPAULDINO'8 1 Pioneer Carpet-beat-
Ing Work*. -555-357^ Tehama at: tp. South 4a
AT ; MITCHELL'S. 24Q ' Fourteenth 'sl/ clean-
ing fc'laylng done reasonably., 'lei.Mlsslon H."
; WESTERN Carpet" Cleaning ,Works. 1808 ; Har-;
rlson «t.;VAl cleaning; 3c-i TeL Mission 223.'.
CC l^}^^ S r SuD «rtor " Carpet-beatlna; Works,
._. 333 Goldrn Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
HOPKE; BROS.; excellent carpet' beating; mat-
tresaes mad.- over." 1482 Howard ;tel. South 216.
i A PY-*N CE Carpet Cleaning Co..'402 ; Suttar • sl ;
jtel. Main'304.GEO. WALCOM ft CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH _vCO., carpet-beating works; prices
: rea*rnable..17at Harrigon sl: tel: MlMlnn 2ft3.
v:i J . • r ~'^^^J^k^ 0 /' LE . T - ¦ - r i'' ! '-' '-¦
DOLORES st... cor.- . Cumberland, i l near, Twen-
; llSjlr Love J jr : » un ny * cottage. -6 , rooms, bath;
CO - R ;.' Dolore » -««d -.Cumberland. | near 20th—
tall for demonstration .Tel.' Jessie ' 3606. ,
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED— PEM <LB.
SITUATION wanted by Canadian Protestant
woman in small family; good cook. Call
1238 Mission sl .. . ' : - "-. ¦
BY ' experienced lady's nurse; wait on Invalid
and help -with light housework; is a good
plain sewer: references. ; Call at 853 Har-
rison st. near Fifth.
A SWEDISH lady with education, desiring to
•learn English language, wishes position in
good, family to assist in light housework;
no attention to wages. 1161 Howard st.
RESPECTABLE young lady wishes to do up-
stairs; work and take care of child; refer-
ences; wages $25. Call Monday, 38; Elliott
Park, between Geary and O'Farrell.
PLAIN sewing taken" at home, and curtains
washed. 24 Camp si. bet. Sixteenth and Sev-
enteenth. below Guerrero.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants work by day:
housecleaning, washing and ironing. Call
678 Hyrlaon at., off Third. ¦ ¦•>'''. ,
FIRST-CLASS young German nurse taking
full charge of Infants; wages $30. $35. 506
Leavenworth. . •
A COMPETENT woman : laundry, cleaning,
- sewing - by the day; wages $1 50. Address
173A Clara el_ ¦-..-•..
POSITION to work in city ; clean up In morn-
ingr. Box 3057. Call office. ¦ ¦ . ¦'
I A STRONG woman wishes house and window
cleaning; $1 50. 1518A Howard st.
CALL at 508 Mason sl. or phone Black 1533.
First-class ladles* employment office. ' /
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
WANT ads and subecrlatlnns taken' for Th»
Cail at Eaton'* Bazaar, 633 -McAllister sl
EMPLOVME.NT WASTED— 9IALE.
A STEAMSHIP COMPANY
Desiring capable," experienced purser, or
having other clerical opening for reliable
man to prove .competency, aboard ship or In
office. addrt«a as below; strictly temperate;
Al refer«nces; aged 33; single. Box lSGO.Call.
A SITUATION wanted by a German gardener
in private place: understands fitting gardens
and lawns; can give good references If re-
quired. Call at Park Hotel, 26 Turk st.
STEAMER or ferry-boat position of some kind
by a carpenter three years in the U. S.
• navy; best of references. - Box -1552, Call.
ALL round handy, reliable man desires any
kind of steady work. Apply 2 Hampton court,
rear tJCS Harrison st. :
PAINTER, young man. desires employment as
brush' hand; three years' experience. Box
Call office^ J i
YOUNG man, strictly sober, desires employ-
ment of responsibility; references. Address
box 1557. Call office. ¦ ¦ », ¦ ' ' > ¦
WANTED — A .- man with over 20 years'- ex-
perience In logging, railroad . construction
and timber estimating would like a position
as traveling agent to look up timber land or
' take charge of extensive logging operations;
references. Address C. box 11S7. Call office.
WANTED — Work as sexton of any Catholic
church in the city; not afraid of work; by
Irish Catholic young man;, references ami
bond given. ' THOMAS SHERIDAN, ' bcx
3075. Call office. , ' , .
STABLEMAN wishes- position; is a compe-
- tent; honest and willing man; 10 years' ex-
perience in 'stable work; city or country;
best of references. Box 30C9, Call. •
WANTED— Small set of l«ooks to keep at odd
hours, either in San Francisco or Oakland,
by young man with 5 years" experience;
very best references. Box 3030, Call.
EXPERIENCED young man wants employ-
ment as shipper or other position of trust
. with manufacturing or wholesale house; best
references. Address box 1524. Call office.
BAKER'S helper. clean, sober, industrious
youns :nan, best references,' experienced
helper and driver, wishes to finish trade; $25
to $00 and found. ¦ Bcx 1242. Call office.
BOOKKEEPER and general office man, .12
years' experience, wishes position of any
kind, city or country; Al references. Box
3C23. Call office. —
GARDENER, married, competent In, all, the
branches of gardening, able to take full
charge of place, wants a position. Address
Box 2524. Call office. = ¦ ' '
ENGINEER wishes steady position, taking
charge of plant or work as assistant; all-
round mechanic; long experience; good refer-
ence. 31C Langton st., city.
YOUNG man with two- years*- experience in
plumbing In the "East would like to get work
in a fiist-».las--.s shop to finish trade. Ad-
, dress PLUMBER, S09Wood sl, Oakland.
BAKER'S helper, clean. . sober,' Industrious
young man. best references, experienced
helper and driver, wishes to finish trade; $25
to $3t> and found. Box 1242, Call office.
A FIRST-CLASS licensed plumber (non-
union) wants work by the day or week for
property owner: has all necessary shop tools.
Box 1224, Call office.
WANTED — By young man. a position around i
machinery; have been employed for 4 years
- by a large construction company; references
If wanted. Box 1C83, Call office. . ,
SITUATION or employment wanted by ex-
pert draughtsman and patent specification
writer. Address R. M.. 524 E. Eighteenth
sl. Oakland. Cal.
BOOKKEEPER, first class, having leisure
time, woull like one or more sets of books to
. keep; competent to handle all classes of ac-
counts. Box 3557, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by thoroughly experienced
cook; steady, reliable man; 24 years' expert- I
ence. Box ::.">r.4. Call office.
A SOBER, steady, honest man. aged 32, speaks
German: In retail or wholesale house, or
commission store. C. B. rt.. 7C3 Howard sl
A HARDWARE • man, thoroughly competent,
desires position: city or country. Box 1210.
Call office. • .
A STEADY, sober young man wants a po-
sition' as bartender; country preferred; ref-
erences. Box 1246. Call office.
EXPERIENCED and reliable grocery clerk
and^.bartender, married man, desires posl-
- tlon in country. Address box 3017. Call.
GENERAL machinist. millwright and en- ,
gineer. ; flrst-class references, wants steady
position: city or country. ' Box 1233, Call.
EXPERIENCED driver with business ability!
wants' position on light wagon; good refer-
ences. . Address Box 3527 Call' of flee. ''
WANTED— By a young man, position in a
wholesale - house as day janitor. Box 1231,
Call office. ¦«¦ ¦,.¦:-. " '
A COACHMAN and gardener; good milker:
understands raising of chickens; willing and
; obliging. J. K., 500 Washington, st.
COACHMAN— Position wanted by competent.
reliable young . Englishman ; ' understands gar-
. denlng; can milk. etc. Address Box 1507. Call
BOOKKEEPER, experienced, -wishes position
in one of the leading wholesale houses.
" Box 1520, Call.
YOUNG-man desires position as stenographer;
¦ two years* experience commercial work; state
salary. . Address box 1515. Call office.
A PAINTER," paperhanger and . tlnter wants
work; rates reasonable, or by the day.
Painter, ,737 Harrison sl : basement. -
A ' SHIPPING clerk, with the •* best of city
> references, would like position in city, nr
would ¦; go north. Box 3545. v; Call office.
A STRONG, reliable man would like a sltua-
--tion as porter 'or watchman. Address H.C.,.
7 Baldwin courl off . Folsom. sl, . near . 1st.
YOUNG man (20 years of age) ' desires a r posl-
tlon as stenographer; : good -references. 972
Chester! sl; Oakland. ; .--'.•,¦"''>-•:
WANTED— By young ' man (22 % years of age)
' position as stenographer:' best of references.
, fr72 Cheater, sl. Oakland. .. , '.' ; .
MAN i wants position as janitor. T. .G.'.'ibox
.: 3604. Call office. ...-¦' -. : -..;¦ \ "¦ ' : ' ,.
POSITION as night . watchman. r Box 3ttO2.
: Xali office. .:,-.- ,V*:%. ¦ .'•-".'¦
POSITION ¦ as bookkeeper. Box "3603, , Call.
YOUNG - man wants r work ' in ¦ wholesale firm.
Box- 15*18, 'Call. • . : ?¦¦¦' - .
ICECREAM "maker. wants situation; first class,
-i Box. 1522., Call., ; -V j ,'¦:-; V ¦ -;' »
RELIABLE. \ sober man. : handy - with • tools,
:; wishes work. -- Box 3005," Call. - . / . ¦ < j
A. POSITION to' take charge of ".institution or
, . hotel, laundry. » Box. 1638, fl Call .office.^
EXERCISE, boy, at the- track.' Box 30C5,!Call
;-r, office. ,; '¦'¦¦}..¦ ';...- ¦¦ .u -•'-.•. yv.V; '•*¦ ?"?'"*• ¦•-.:<.•"., ¦
TYPEWRITER and stenographer desires I work
evenings after 5 o'clock.* .Box 3059, * Call;. •/.
BOY .* wants *,work ¦ around ' butcher ' shop. • 421
-Third, sl' --, '' ?¦/./ ; -' .- l -v,-/. ; . •
V-— ; ; ; ; "¦¦
STABLEMAN wants position. 432 Third sl
| BUS1XEI 9 : :
A — $760; "'baLOON on Montgomery st.; place
established years; owner clearing about $125
per month; investigate; a bargain. Call 11
G.~ WILKE, 26 K Kearny st.
A — $750; CORNER saloon on Howard *i; safe,
cash register, pool table, etc.; rent $30; 2
room*; position. of $20U per month accepted
by owner cause of sale. R. G. WILKE,
2«S Kearny Ft.
A— $3000; CAFE and grill room in one of the
best located hotels of this city; rent $100; a
•plcndld rhance for an active young man
knowing -hi* business; lease; liberal term*
given. Call R. G. WILKE.' 2«H Kearny *l
A — 1500; saloon, close! to Mason and Market;
rent $110; a place eftablirhed years and doing
a firet-claes paying buslnebs; value in sight.
Eee R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — 53250; corner saloon on water front; rent
$S0: good lease; place established years; in
large brick building and doing an Al bust- <
ness; disagreement of partners only cause of ,
sale. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A $2000 DRUSTORE close to Call building;
estab. 18 years; well' paying; valu» in stock;
a very rare chanc* for good drnggial See <
R. O. WILKE. »H Kearny si ;
A— $3000— CORNER saloon; close to Call bldg;
3 years' lease; net rent $120; this Is one of
the best saloon locations In this city, and
a live man can dear $500 per month. Call
R. O. WILKE. 2CH Kearny si
A— $1000; 6ALOON and liquor etore- on Sixth
si; rent $50; business O K, but owner 1* en-
raged In other business; muit sell at once.
R. Q. WILKE. 2CH Kearny si
A — $4600; COFFEE, tea and crockery store; one
of the ieadlcg businesses of this kind and in
choicezt location tn this city; rent $65; all
cash trade: stock will invoice ${000: a very
rare chance. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 26%
Keamy si »-
A— $1300— OOIiNER cigar stand on Kearny;
rent $&5; lease; a good business; come and
Investigate. It. O. WILKE. 2ti% Kearny si
Al BLOCK of land, »00x300. in San Lcandro
with house of 4 rooms; income $400 per
year srom fruit; will exchange for dairy
ranch. Call R. G. WILKE. 26%" Kearny si
j A— $IO(iO— CORNER grocery and bar on Larkin
cl, doing a fine cash business ; value tn
•ight; fresh stock; no better location in this
city. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $20C0 — COFFEE taloon and restaurant on
w&terfronl close tr Market si; place estab-
li«hed years and well paying; dally receipts
about $00. Can R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny.
A— $11 GO— SaLOON. with 3 rooms; close to
Kearny and Bush ets; rent $75; leare; place
easily clears $200 per month; nice fixtures,
choiceet no:k of liquors. All particulars of
. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny si
A— $1750— CORNER grocery and bar on
O'Farrell si; place kept by present owners
S years- and doing a good paying cash bust-
-wk; fresh clock; value in sigbl R. G.
I WILKE. 26% Kearny «l
i A— $C60- CORNER bakery. with 4 living
roo:n»; about 2 blocks north of Market si;
will be sacrificed u sold at once;' owners to
leave city. Call R. G. WILKE. 26'4 Kearny.
I A — $7M> — CANDY store and Ice cream parlors,
with stationery, etc., on Devlsadero si; 3
living room?; a splendid location and good
business. See R. Q. WILKE. 2tt% Kearny.
| A— «3000; COAL, hay and grain yard; on Geary
rt.; rent $40. lease; 3 hrr&es, U wagons; busi-
r.c« eetab. years; inveFtlgate at one*; a rare-
chance. Ca 11 R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
j A— $l_t«; CuFFEE falcon and bakery In
choicest location: r»nt JSO; dally receipt*
about $70: a good buzinece. but slcknes* of
iwhit compeie him to retire. Particular* R.
G. WILKE. 26% Keamy *l
. CIGAR stand; south Market; rent $25: $550:
splendid Jocation.T. J.DUNN & CO., 1312 Mkt.
j 2S ROOMS, furnishtd. occupied: clears $30: rent
$37 50; $1000. T.J.DUNN & CO.. 1312 Market.
DELICATESSEN, branch bakery: Mission: 3
living rooms, furnished: r»nt $37 50; $450.
T. J. DUNN & CO.. 1.U2 Market St. v
40 TALKING scales for *ale, with exclusive
right: good proposition: Bee us quick. T. J.
DUNN & CO.. 1312 Market st.
• CIGAR store for sale cheap; Invoice $200; rent
' $20: 2 years' lease; $200; now s»e this sure.
T. J. DUNN & CO.. 1312 Ma'rket st.
1 CIGAR store in a coming location; invoice $400;
rent $50; 2-year lease; $400: a sure snap.
T. .1. I.'UNN & CO., 1312 Market si.
1 $2W» SECURES Interest In light office work
whereby party can easily "rlear $00 monthly;
references exchanged; experience not neces-
sary; live man wanted: bona flde proposition.
Particulars 1007 U Market si. room 1.
i $700 — CANDY and ice cream parlor; money
maker: rent tlh; everything complete; fine
I locality; grand opportunity. Particulars
1007 «» "Market St., room 1. '
CIGAR 5tand; Koarny st.; doing a fine busi-
t.prji; cheap if .-old at once; account old age.
Inquire it'UT'a Market st.. room 1.
: DON'T buy.b-rfore feeing my bargains; I have
tut-ine:** chances of ail kinds; lodging-houses,
?alu'»nF, groceries, restaurant?, chop-houses,
bakeritv. notion stores and candy Ktore (loans
end inr-urance cupplled) listed with me.
H. DOYLE. 1C2:S Market st.
j A.— OT6TCS and chop house; 14 tables; private
rooms, connected on second floor; elegant bar-
gain- r—y'ns- business; must be sold; good
locality: established 20 years. H. DOYLE,
JC23 Market St., above gl-th.
¦ A— C30Q0: ROADHOUSE; 50 acres included; 2
• ' etacc-f ; bargain. KREDO & CO.. 7«5 Market.
i A— PARTNER wanted: old-estab. commleslon
business; rare rhance for reliable man with
little money. KREDO & CO.. 7C5 Market st.
A— $s00- HOTEL and bar. near <-ity: Hi room*;
a bargain. KREDO & CO.. 765 Market St.
FINELY located grocery. Western Addition; ,
hens", warm, number steady customers;,
• lean »a1ab> mock at invoice kbout $2.">00.
MB. KAHUEN. with WM. CLUFF &. CO..
1*01 Market st. ( !
GRASP th:s opportunity— Livery and boardUig-
Malile. doiriK a flourishing busineits, clearing
*-lU» monthly; thorough Investigation; books !
open for tn*pertian: amazingly low price.
$3500. HINKLEY. 1020 Market St.
$1C,000 INTEREST In flour mill; Investment
mfe and secure; located in best wheat sec-
tion: responsible position open with invest-
ment. Address box 11U3. Call office.
A SNAP — Kor sale.- the well-known little Del
Monte coffee Mateo; established S year«;
large dining-room: living rooms attached:
reasons, retiring from business.
FOR e_U — Paper route of 800 ' papers dally.
in connection with stationery and large. list
of periodical subscriber*: best cash town on
coast. Address box 30*0. Call office.
X $200 and Bervlcea secures an interest In
well -paying office business; month's trial
given. See Brookbank. 917 Market si >
WANTED — To buy a half interest or the
whole of a good pajing business; 'state
amount required. Box 3049. Call office.
$200^ — RELIABLE man to take cash, attend
store, etc.; salary $15 week, guaranteed;
money secured. 1O27>,4 Market sl. room 2. .
AN Eastern man with some capital would like
to invest in isome kind of business. Address,
elating particulars, box 3099. Call office.
WANTED — To make a small Investment where
I can also give my services with a fair
profit assured. Box 4198. Call office.
FOR SALE — A general merchandise, store In
a rood business town In San Joaquln County.
Full particulars bcx 3G37. Call office. ,
GENERAL merchandise store In a growing
town in this State; will sell whole or half
Interest. Box SO&S, Call office.
GENERAL merchandise and feed store on N.
P. C. R. R. "for sale: will either sell prop- :
crty or rent same. Address box 3532. Call. I
1 i
FURNITURE and hardware store In a live
city In California for sale. Address box
4129. Call office.
CIGAR stand for rale In a good .location- on
Kearny sl; stock and cash register; good
cause for selling. Box 4210, Call office.
STATIONERY, candy. Icecream "parlor, with
furnished rooms; no reasonable offer refused.
Box 1501. Call office.
$350— PARTNER In established real e«tate;
good ' opportunity for steady man. Box 1602,
I Call offlc*,
HARDWARE and- plumbing business for sale
on account of going out. of business. Apply
1454 Seventh st., Oakland.
DELICACY and restaurant for sale cheap, on
account of departure; a good opportunity.
Apply after 9 o'clock 411 Turk st.
I DESIRI5 grubstake to complete prospecting
valuable coal lands. Address Coal box 3046
Call office. ¦ - ¦>..-..•
$500 — MANUFACTURING business; partner
wanted. DONNELLY CO.. 632 Market sl
WANTED — Partner in' old-established harness
and saddlery business. 122 Montgomery ave.
FOR sale— Corner saloon; reasonable. Apply
Metropolitan Liquor Co.. 714 Folsom st.
GROCERY with " bar wanted. Address with
lowest price, box 4232.. Call, of flee. ,
FOR SALE— Restaurant ; good location. Box
3111. Call office. . .. .
DELICATESSEN store. for sale; good location
i . In the Mission. Box GOU, Call office.
\ SP1RITCALISM. -' -___ ;
Mrs. Dr. Martin, wonderful spiritual healer and
¦ business medium; readings dally, $l;tdev»lQp-
lng class Thurs.8 p.m. 1006B Golden Gate ave.
MRS. LESTER'S test circle 8 p.m.. 10c; read-
ings daily, 25c and 50c. 122 Taylor st.
EDWARD EARLE. 1052 Ellis, readings dally.
9:30 to 4; stances Sunday and Thursday. '
PROF. FRED EVANS. not«d clairvoyant and
tlate-wrlter. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott' SS7.
CLAIRVOVANTS.;
ASSURED success for you.
, ¦ Call at once and save $4.
His famous $5 reading this week for
$1 (1 - $1 $1 $1 $1 $1 -I!
No charge . •- No charge ;' ¦
¦ Unless you obtain" the information for-
'>. which you consult him. '
PAUL DESTINE.
The first registered trance . clairvoyant and
I palmist «ver- In San Francisco.
Read carefully. An honest proposition.
(You to be full Judge.) - -....-
I do hereby solemnly agree and guarantee to
make no charge If I fall to tell your name, oc-
cupation and what you called for; I tell you if
husband, wife or lover Is true or false; who
and*when«you will marry; how to gain the love
of the one you desire; "in fact," I will tell you
e\ery hope, fear or ambition better than you
can tell yourself; his advice is reliable, his pow-
ers are wonderful -and indisputable;' he Im-
proves, vour character so that: you will reach
the highest possible development I in ¦ mental
vigor, health, happiness and capacity to earn
wealth; '(the controlling power - implanted: In
your nature, so you can change the Intention*. •
actions or habits of any one secretly; cures
disease and lost vitality; gives advice on mini
Ing and burled treasures; gives you success In
life: he guarantees you success or charges
nothing for his services.
' 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.: Sundays. 2 to'8... '
- v 326 — O'Farrell street — 326. .,
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located at 1104 Market'
si, cor. Turk: private readings dally, 10 a.
in. to 5 p. m.; readings by mall as satisfac-
tory, as in person: 3 questions answered, $1;
full life, $5; send lock of hair, date of year
of birth;' don't send currency; send postof flee,
Wells-Fargo money order or registered letter.
A — Mips M. Wille. 460 Geary, clairvoyant, crys-
tal seer and life reader, will tell you exactly
what you called, for without asking a ques-
tion; names given; special, $1; hours 10 to 8.
A— MME. BERNARD reads your life correctly,
advice given on all affairs of- life; satisfac-
tion guaranteed: 25c up. 17 3d. next Exam.
MISS ZEMDAR. young- gifted clalr. and palm. ;
has second sight: a wonderful prophetess;
names; 1. 50c. g. $1. 714 Franklln.nr.G.G.ave.
MME.RAVENNA, formerly 5 4th si. reads life;
business advice; names given; readings 50c 1
week. Offices 835 Howard, bet. 4th and 5th.
Mrs.A.H..Kronenberg,pa!mi*t, clairvoyant, card
reader:when others fail try me: good readings
10c. 721 Franklin. nr.G.G. ave. Tel.Larkin 4207.
MME. 3IARSEAU, card reader; ladles, 25c;
gents. TiC-;. Wednesdays only: Ladles. 10c;
gents. '25c.' 120 Sixth st. Hours 10 to 0.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader, re-
moved from 132 to 2.'S>4 tith; 1. 25c. g. 50c.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; la. 25c:
gents 5(>c. 051 Mission St., nr. 6th; open Sun.
OLDEST lady palmist and card reader In city.
2CH Kearny. room 20; ladles. 25c: gents. 50c.
MME. LOVONIA. clairvoyant, palmist— Read-
Ings this week 25c. 46.$ Jessie si. n'r. Sixth.
MISS WARD gives names, dates and ¦ facts;
readings 'dally; not open Sunday. 917 Market.
MRS. BAUMAKN." the well-known fortuns-
teller. U now at 317 Ellis ft. ,
MRS. SHAFER. clairvoyant; card reader: sit-
tlngn dally. 14SK .Tes«l» Mr b»t. *<th an«1 6th.
EUUCATIOA'AL;
LEARN SPANISH In 2 months; classes in
. French and Spanish $5 a month.
B. F. AMES Teacher of Languages,
268 Golden Gate ave., cor. Hyde- st. :
KENT Law School; day ami tvrr.ing; send' for
particulars. 530 Parrott bulMinc.
AT home in our new quarters, me largesi best
lighted and most delightful place oi business
study in the entire West. New. ' complete,
extensive departments. Thorough. Inspiring
Instruction. 75-page catalogue on requeel
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE. »01-
825 Golden Gate ave. ..'..' . v
I THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory school
for the university, law and medical colleges;
_ ref.- President Jordan- or any Stanford profe«-
cor; day and evening sessions. Fhelan bldg.
AYRES. the leading business college. 723 Mar-
ket et. ; established 18 years: the school that
- fecures positions (or graduates; Just added 25
new typewriters^ catalogue free. v;
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST. S.
F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typin?,
I languages, telegraphy. English brandies; day
' and night sessions; illustrated catalogue free.
A LARGER and better school than ever; enter
at once li you desire a good position; Gregg
thorthand. Ellis bookkeeping. S. F. Business
College. 1236 Market si
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
•vey, assay, cyanide; day, ev.: esl 1861. Van
der NaiHen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
SOCIAL dances Wed.. Thurs*., Sat. and Sun.:
classes Mondays. Fridays. Louise Foster" %
School cf Dancing. 15£>« Market, nr. Larkln.
ATTEND Gallagher-Marsh Business College on
advice of official court reporters and be com-
petent stenographers. 1SS2 Market: ¦ catalog.
WESTERN Business College;Odd Fellows' bid.;
bookkeeping, shorthand, touch typing, arlth..
cpelllng. wrltlns;. etc.: day eve.; J* mo. eve.
HEALD'S School of Mines&Electrlclty. 24 Post
St.. S. F.; a practical school of engineering:
complete -equipment. Special catalogue free.
SPANISH— A practical and progressive meth-
od. RAFAEL SERRANO. KM) California, r.4.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per mo.:
mandolin club SI per mo P28 Halgnt »t. ¦
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION— : Day" and
PARTINGTON'is. 424 Pine si— N-lght class.
PIANO lessons. 25c half hour. MRS. PECK,
experienced teacher.' 1013 Mission. nr.,5ixfh.
CURES BXXPTTTBE.
WHO? — Hunter, 1206 Market si; $100; rupture
cure for >10: circular explains: 5<*nd,for one.
. DU.NTISTS.
DrTgRUSS. 510 Callaghan bldg..- Market and
McAllister sts., uses the Basford obtunder;
the only device , ever invented' for grinding.
•drilling and excavating teeth without ' palu.
Call, for demonstration.. Tel. Jes3le ,3C0ti.
DR • LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Markel nr Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
' made; old plates made over like. new; teeth
from $8 per bet; extracting 50c; gas given.
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone— cannot break;
li warranted 20 yrs; crown, $3 50; fillings. 50c:
plates. ' $5; full set: all work painless and
I warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EASTKRN~Expert Dentil C6. will do your work
¦ by. the year and give you 12 months'? credit.
10 Turk: si, over Burnett's Drug' Store.-. -'.
ELITE Dental Parlors. 838 Market st.;, best
and cheapest office far all dental operations.
Paris Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up: crowns. $2 up: flllinga.25c
ARTHUR CHISHOLM, surgeon-dentist,r.l4.1st
floor. Phelan bid..' 806 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. H. G. YOUNO—^Bridges and teeth with-
out plates specialty. 1841 Polk st. ; ' .
GOLD fllllngs'75c: silver, 35e: - crpwns.* $2: no
" pain: open Sunday*. Dr.O.B.Hewltl20* Sutter.
DKKSSJIAKEUS ANO SKAHSTUKSSKS
Accordion, sunburst 'and knife-plaiting; double
stamps on dress linings.' Stewart's. button and
buttonhole factory, 110 Taylor; tel. Folsom 2121.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Patterns cut to measure; eve.' class. 1010 Mkt.
I : EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. , >
GEORGE~A0KI, 421 -Post si; tel. 'Bush 135—
Japanese-Chinese . employment '.office;- fur-
' nishes best help; contracts for,; farm help, etc.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese-
Chlnese. help.: 426 Powell . si; Tel. ; Main 5752.
FRITZ'S Emu. Office; .Japanese i and i Chinese
helo. - 415 Stockton si- -Tel.vGrant' 183..
I RELIABLE > Japanese-Chlnese.Employment Of : j
i ¦ flee ; t all kinds help. - 315 Stockton: Malu 5188.
CHINESE J and Japanese help: estab. 20 years. -
> Tel. Main 1907. ; BRADLEY & CO.. ; 640 Clay.
KMrLOYMEST^ WANTED-- FEMALE."
ANDRE'S ; Of flee,' 317-' Stbckton.v si— German,
¦French, Scotch and'Amerlcan cooks;. Swedish
- laundress; » chambermaid and> 6ewlng;' w-ait-
, ' "• ress ¦ and s parlor^ maid ; a French -. and t English
-nurse mala;:German cook for hotel or : board-
• lng-house;i maid -or, nurse ; to/ go East, .no
.'-v-wagee; nurses small, children, 'and' a number
• Z of girls jforiClty^or.'Countrj'. ", ¦' .. . ''-. '
SCANDINAVIAN girr wishes place for? general
' housewcrk;'; wages \ $25 ;.av month."' % Call. vat
'¦.'¦¦ -"16W; Ritch "si", bel^Brannan and ;.Townsend.
. A V NEAT ,5 girl '5 wants :• : general .*. house work -. and
.' plain ' cooking.*; ¦ Please : call " at -' 422 - Tehama-
: st" above Fifth.;. ¦ ;' * k"' ' .;.-'•. -*.?_ : /; ¦
SITUATION wanted by young woman; "general
.'. housework. G22 j Fremont si .-THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CALL, MONDAY, APRIL 11, 1904;
9
, "J^r^'AXl'KD — FRMALU Cob.
U1RL6 wanted whu are experienced In wrap-
I'ins: koo<2 «aE«i and Hteady j.oeition; apply
KTSSSL? nn<1 l0 a ni - ur 12 and 1. I.
-MAI.MN &- CO.. 4.S-.VI Kills «t.
LADIKS who are competent fitters- apply be-
tw.^ii 0 un} 10 a. m. I. M.MJNIN &" CO..
43-53 Kills *t.
KXPKKIKNCED Jacket and Bkirt makers for
Indies euli department; epply between 8 an-1
to a. m. I. MAGXIN & Co.. 43-2:i Glli* st
A— OPERATORS wanted vn ladies' under-
wear: eooU uay end steady position. «S50
Mission «t.
A— OPERATORS on ladles' wash skirts; pood
,p»y un.'. steady position, er.ts Mltslon *t.
A—OrKKATOns on laiies' waists; rood pay.
(SO Mission at.
A YOIW'G girl, carp of children and do licht
upKtalrs work. ?!2 to $15. Apply 233 Third
»vf.; Gutter and Sutro cars.
ttns:pr:"cTAnLE~irfrf fo7V<-neral houWo'rk tn
*rr.all lamily; eood home for a good girl
Call mornings at -239ft Pine st.
fcKIRTMAKER or finisher for ladies' tallor
BQPti Jcne? st.
GIRL fr.r eonoral housework; girl to assist in
in* Height et.
PANTS finishers. 410 Kearny »t., room 32.
UOOr> hand for dressmaking; Kills appren-
tices. 1327 Mascn et.
<;IKL for c-neral housework; $20. 2S33 How-
ard Ft.. t»-li: a. m.
WOMAN to cook in lunch house; room at
home; frood wages. 310 Kolsom at.
EXPERIENCED makers and apprentices
wanted in millinery store. CD2 McAllister et.
OIHL wanted for eeneral housework. Aunty
moo eiui Ft.
TALENTED amateur r>erforrr.ers. Apply at
Chutes 6 p. m. Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED — A young girl for light housework
and care of baby; good home; apply after 10
a. m. 1137 Mission st
WHOLESALE house desires servk-e* of matur*
woman: no < ff.ee work. Box 1320. Call office.
EXPERIKNCE1) skirt trimmers and helpers;
also waist trimmers. COX, 1514 Pine et.
CALL ¦>! 5OS Mason st. or phone Black 1533.
Firtt-ciata Indies' employment office.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch offk-e. cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH efflce cf The Call for the reception
of advertisements s.n-1 subscriptions has been
operiPd at 1008 Market et., opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. tn.
BELP WAXTED— MALE.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C36 Clay E t
Phone Main .'.MS.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
WK SPEAK
Italian, German, Spanish
Urrok. French. Swiss.
!n 1903 we gave During: 1904 we h",-*
work to C0.WU raen. to increase (» 000
kui:e fare free fare
to nevada state
If you Ktay four months — that's all.
GOVERNMENT WORK.
tSS teamtaeis, j;. 1 dny.
155 laborer*. $2 day.
155 rockmen. drillers, $2 to $3 day.
Kight JUours day — irrigation work.
$1 fee — that 1 * ail.
TO THE MINES.
C5 machine, single and double hand, $S2 50
to $yu.
ALL OVER CALIFORNIA.
• ARIZONA — Close to Prescott.
« 10 miles— $» 10.
CTiK teamsters, laborers, drillers. «c, $2 'to
$3 day.
Don't be etingy with your distance; get
closer to the land of sunshine; c»nter of
prtat mints.
ARIZONA ARIZONA ARIZONA
MECHANICAL. 1
Planer and sticker hand. Oregon, $3 50 day.
Tallyman, lumber company, boss here, $80.
MILKERS.
20 milkers, all parts cf California, $30, $35.
*40 and found.
4 outter makers, $40 and found.
12 farm and ranch hands. f^5. $26, $30 found.
WOODCHOPPERS. * '
125 woodchoppers. «U! over the State.
I'os'.maktrs, fhaJtemakers. etc.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
12 cook*, different r'aces, $30 to $75 found.
Walters. CithwiiEhtrs. bell and elevator boys.
YOUR FARE PAID.
Miiker. Round Valley, $30 and found.
Butter and cheese maker. Round Valley, $35.
Cement finisher, little experience. $2 50 day.
HRI.P WlVTWO M1I.TC rnntlnn.1.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S EMP. OFFICE.
•129 Bush et t!42 Clay.K.
Government Ditch Work— State of Nevada.
l^oe $1 Special Rate' Fare
Teamster*, laborers, rockmen f2-$2 50
Ship daily Boss here
.Sheep herders, $35 and found; farmers, $30
found.
Railroad foreman, $3 day; Mr. John Shea,
railroad foreman, please call.
Hcraper team»ten». $25 and found.
3 farrnere, orchard, $1 day and found.
Clerk, summer reycrt ?50
I Baker and pastry cooJts, summer resort.. $o0
» Second ccok, good on pastry, summer re-
I eort $70
j Broilers, second cook* $&>-$7ri
• Night <Merk. run elevator $15 found
' Night Janitor, run elevator ?40
lloy, wash glasses, bar $20 board
St-cond ocoks and broilers $C0-?75
Kastorn welter. $50; waiters, country hotel,
$30; dishwashers, pantrymen, bellboys.
C. R. HAKSS2S & CO.'S KilP. OFFICIv,
429 Bush st ti42 Clay 6t.
A— PACIFIC EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
52ii — Montgomery st. — 52t)
Phcne Main INI Upstair*.
3 machine miners, north, f hours, f!K»; 3
hand miners, north, 8 hours, $S2 50; 2 muck-
ers. $7r>; 3 more rond laborers $00; Bootman,
mine, south. $«7 50; gasoline hoist engineer
mine. bos=s here; gang foreman, railroad,
near city; milker and run separator, $35 and
found; gardener and do chore?, private place,
near city, bess here. $35 and found; 3 more
yuung men, learn trade. saFh and door fac-
tory', north, pood jUape: wcx.d turner, $3 50
day near city; carriage painter, near city.
$.'! S.> day; 5 charcoal burners; 5 men for
larKe ranch, south, general work, J2« and
found, later hay and harvest wages; 5 Swed-
ish laborers, quarry, near city, $2; dish-
washer for camp.
¦ CHOREMAX and wife for hotel, country. $50;
1 Jobbing blacksmith and shoer, $3 day; car-
rlacp blackj-mith. $3 day and increase; black-
smith's helper, $1 day and board: wagon-
maker, country; 2 car builders, $3 day; vege-
table gardener. $30 and found; man about
rlace. S2J Hnd found; 2 teamsters and stable-
men. $r>0; 2 farmers «nd Wine*. $45 an<i $r>O
and found; milkers, farmers, laborers, cooks,
dishwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., Ci8 Sacramento st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY,
14 Third st: phone Bush 405.
NEVADA.
GOVERNMENT WORK; 8 HOURS.
Teamsters, laborers and drillers, (" to $2 50
a day; fhip daily, fare refunded; 2 year*'
work.
Wood turner; boss here; $3 50 a day.
5 ranch hands. Sonoma County, fl'6 and fd.
4 carpenters. 8 hours. $3 W) a day.
CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 14 Third st.
WANTE1' for U. S. army; able-bodied un-
married men. between ares ofJ21 and 35:
citizen* of the United States, of good charac-
ter and tetnoerate habits, who can speak,
read and write English. For Information
apply to Recruiting Officer. Rlalto building.
New Montgomery et. San Franclsoo. or lm'a
Second st. Sacramento, Cal.
A— L L
Men to learn the barber trade in two montns
end secure good positions; catalogue and full
information mailed free. MuL.UK System
Collece. C35 Clay st.
GOVERNMENT positions— Calf at~925 Golden
Gate ave. room 7, for free Information as
to positions, salaries, age limits, etc.; day
or evenings.
GOOD shoemaker wanted on repairing; steady
work and good pay. 2S01 Mission et, corner
Twenty-fourth.
COATMAKEIt or husheiman for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st,
DISHWASHER wanted— Young man. 258 First
street
BARUKK wanted — Steady Job: union man.
1207 Scott st.
GOOD barber evening, Saturday and Sunday.
3147 Twenty-fourth Et.
A HANDY man about place. 1443 Harrison
6treet
WANTED — First-class barber; young man pre-
ferred; steady Job. 515 Hayee !»t.
SHOEMAKER with tools wanted; steady work.
C'21 Sacramento st, near Montgomery- ' -
A STEADY, sober, union cook; married man
preferred. 805 Mission st. ; call early.
YOUNG man, 16-19. help butcher shop; bring
HORSES AXD \VAGO\S— Continued.
SAN FRANCISCO Veterinary College— Next
M-!"Hl«n begins June fl. Catalogs by applying to
DR. E. J. CREELEY, 510 Golden Gate ave.
FINE river bottom pasturage; green feed year
round; near Black Diamond, Contra Costa
County. Address Nucleus. 11)0 Stevenson. S.F.
FOK «al« — A -One express wavon suitable for
lumber or furniture. 408 Vieksbur* st, bet.
24th and 25th, Church and Sanchez. '
ALL kinds of business buttles, rubber-tire rod
buggies, carts, surreys and wagons for sale
cheap. 1504-S Fclwrn st.
BLACK horse for sale; 5 years old; weight
about 1100 lbs;.jrentle and a fine traveler.
Box 3533. (Jail office.
VMANTED — A sound. . gentle horxe; one that
will stand without tying; for'dellvery wagon.
Box 3589. Call office.
BAY horse. 7 years old, for sale: weight -1200
lbs; a fine buggy horse. Box 3110. Call.
WANTED — A " horse for butcher cart. Box
.1038. Call office.
BUGGY for sale cheap. ' 1216 Oak street.
FOR sale — Laundry wagon j and cart, cheap.
320 Noe st.. near Market and Sixteenth.
FOR sale — Handsome trap"; cheap. Box 1215
Call office. .-; .
Larjtcut asvortmt 2d-hand wagons, buckbd, i«ur-
rey.harneas.work.drlving horses. I5th-Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let: eend for clr-
cular. O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 20 Montgomery.
LANGTON st. off Bryant — i room;, yard and
basement: $11. / Apply G. A.' LEROUX, 20
New Montgomery st
MCALLISTER, 1260— 12 rooms, bath and bil-
liard-room: $60: water free; modern.
TO LET — 4 rooms, .stable, four stalls, yard.
Apply 338 Thirtieth st.
BEFORE moving get our printed list of houses
to let. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Post st.
HOUSES TO LET — KLKNiSHED.
A COMPLETELY furnished house; 7 large
sunny rooms and bath; large yard and base-
• ment; references required.- Inquire 0 to 11
a. m. and 6 to 7 p. m.. 104 Pierce, nr. Haight.
TO rent — Spacious, furnished house; large
grounds: Sausallto; rent $100; short term if
desired. Apply Box 1216, Call office.
HOUSES WAXTED.
WOl'LD like to buy hou*e and lot for $2500 to
. $3500; close in. Box 1551. Call office.
.LAUNCHES FOB HIBE^
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO.. foot of Clay
st. : for pleasure and business. ; tel. Bush 534.
LOST AXD KOUXD.
LOST — From Bad?n. bay horse, white snot In
forehead, bob tail, Bore spot on right hip
and hock; liberal reward upon return to
DR. KIKE. H. P. station, tladen, or the
Monarch Stables. Bush street, city.
LOST — A pass book with the Hibernia Sav-
ings and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of John Johnson: No. ' 223-576;
finder will please return to bank.
LOST — Sunday, at seawall, cocker spaniel dog;
black: name Teddy; liberal reward. Barken-
tine Gleaner, Powell-street wharf.
LOST— About February 12. certificates of
stock. Nos. 11-48, In Merchants' Transporta-
tion Co. 306 Davis St. - - - -
LOST— Yesterday, peart breastpin. Return to
24S2 Mission st.; reward.
LOST— On 4th st.. Sun. afternoon, opera glasses
in red plush bag. 1421 Howard st. ; reward.
LOST — Pair of Mayerle's glasses. Return 112
Natoma st.. near Second.
LOST — Great Dane; light brindle; reward for
return or information. 348 Tenth st.
• MEDICAL.
LADIES desiring safe, eure and quick relief
from irr'eeularltles consult me at once; my
methods are always safe, painless and reli-
able; I have no failures; no exorbitant fees.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE.
Cures guaranteed or no pay; 17 years' ex-
perience In all female disorders; call or write
without delay; correspondence confidential.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st. rooms 7 and 8.
A — LADIKS, If you axe suffering from Irregu-
larities or any ailment you will avoid dls-
31ISCELLAXEOU.S—-FOR . SALE — Con.
ALTERATION' sale— =Best S2 50* hats, $1 50.
Popular Price Hatter. 330, Kearny, et. near
Pine; open to 0 p. . m. ;' Sundays tn'mocn.
ASK for prices on second-hand typewriters; all
makes. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montg'y.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS
CALIFORNIA Housewrecker Co. pays the
higheat j.rice for buildings and will remove
the largest bulldlne In 10 days. Office and
yard N. W. cor. Mlsalon and Tenth sts.
WANTED— Second-hand Iron punch' machine.
Box 3571. Call office.
I PAY hlchept prices for all kinds of cast-off
clothing; send postal. MORRIS. 043 Folsom.
SHOES wanted: misfit & castoff: highest prcs. ;
new & 2d hand shoes for sale. 749 Mission.
TILTON wants good secondhand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st; tel. Jessie 2851 .
— — — — —^— — __ .
aXa^herman^tur3 j hy. <¦¦„•.-
601-602-003 Examiner Building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly. ,
Eetates. second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests; assignments of rents; property In trust
etc.; legacies, life estates and undivided In-
terests In property purchased. '
Courteous treatment Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. I
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (INC.).
CONTROL $1,000,000.
REAL ESTATE LOANS.
INTEREST 6 PER CENT. .
FIRST. SECOND AND. THIRD MORTGAGES.
CITY AND' OAKLAND.
COUNTRY AND TOWN PROPERTIES.
ESTATES IN PROBATE.
UNDIVIDED INTERESTS IN REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE IN TRUST
107-8-9*10-11. CKOCKER BUILDING. S. F.
WILli LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st. 2d or 3d
. Mortgage, on real estate or
* Chattels, in city, town
or country.
Low rate of. Interest.
Give full particulars
of property or chattels, »
Location, etc.
Box '408. Call office.
SALARY Loans —
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge or employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms." Drake, 453 Parrott bldg.
MONEY loaned to salaried people. . retail mer-
chants, teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; , easy payments; large business in
46 principal cities. Tolman, 5S3 Parrott bid.
ANY amount Quickly on furniture or piano,
without removal or other security; no com.;
fairest rates; strictly confidential. National
Credit Co.. 68 Donohoe bldg.. 1170 Market st.
THE United Loan and Trust Co.. 21 Stockton
st. (upstairs), loans money on diamonds, jew-
elry and valuables at 2 per cent per month:
absolute privacy. Phone Bush 484.
HIGHLY respectable .private place to obtain
liberal advances op diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
MO Market; tel. Main 1C44. Branch, 10 Third.
AT lowest rates on furniture and pianos; strict
prlvacy;no commiEsion;inatallments accepted.
BONELLI. 301 Eddy. Conservatory building.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; r.o publicity; $25 up; quick,
quiet, confidential. 26 Montgomery st.rm. 7.
MONEY to loan on low Interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming- loans money ¦ to
salaried employes. R. 311, Mutual Sav. Bk.
bid.; Oakland office. 1103& Brdwy.. suite 1-2:
MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE. 103 Grant are.,
LOANS FROM $1 TO $10,000.
NSW easy method — To wage earners on unin-
doreed notes; absolute privacy. Fidelity Loan
Company, rooms 48-49 Chronicle bldg.
TO salaried people without security: on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. F.
Discount Agency. 143 Phelan bldg. . ' '
ALL loans on diamonds and Jewelry 2 per cent
mo. S. F Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN. room 81. 6 Eddy st
1 PER cent on furniture or piano. 1003 Mutual
Savings Bank building. 708 Market st.
CASH loaned salaried pt-opl" on notes- without*
lndorser. - MORELL. 609 Examiner building.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per ytar.
Rj2AjL^SJ^AjnS^C^^
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY,
INSTALLMENT HOMES. 512 Callaghan bid.,
will. build' on your property or buy you. a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your' In-
stallments lqss than rent: send for circular.
$1.25 PER WEEK, no interest Lots in. the
Excelsior Homestead Tract; all level; no
' gradlntr to do; ready to build your little homa
on; close to electric cars and school.
W. J. WHITE.
••- • ¦ 26 ¦ Montgomery at., 'room 8. " ¦ ¦
$0000— FOR a home that is suitable for sum-
mer and winter- residence; in San Mateo;
on car line; lot 100x180; 8 rooms and bath;
. stable, chicken house and yard; easy terms.
D. COFFIN- & CO., 3303 Mission St.
FOR sale cheap — Neat" cottage; 4 rooms and
bath, large basement; terms same as rent.
. Apply owner lumber yard, southeast corner
•"Alabama and Montcalm sts. - '. ¦
MISSION cottage to be sold cheap; 49 Francis
at. off Mission: 4 rooms, large yard with
exotic flowers.* long basement, bath; lot 25x
150; bored well. ¦ '
TWO pretty homes Just completed In the Mis-
sion; 6 rooms, bath; about $1000 down, bal-
ance easy. See MOISE. 320 Sansome.st .
FOR sale — Mcdern house. 6 rooms and bath; 2
. car lines; grand marine view; near Cliff
House. 410 Forty-fifth ave.
BUILD on your unimproved realty: we loan
full cost lmprov. and part lot at 6 per cent
MANHATTAN LOAN CO.. Crocker buildln*.
WANTED — Cottage to build; day or contract;
low wages; first-class work. Box 3581. Call.
6 ROOMS~and~bath: 1o7~75x1Go7 Vtable. 228
Nevada ave.. off Cortland.
MODERN 5 roomn ¦ and bath cottage. Apply
4045, Nineteenth Bt
MODERN cottage; 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x
150. 582 Precita ave., Folsom-st car.
LATEST system sanitary plumbing by AHL-
BACH & -MAYER, plumbers. 836 Howard.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
* REAL ESTATE WAXTED.
WANTED — Richmond lot; price no object.
Box 3C34. Call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTIS'MENTS
ALASIEDA REAL ESTATE.
$5250 — A RARE bargain; chance of a life-
time; two beautiful up-to-date modern 0-
room flats on Clinton ave. * bay frontage;
beautiful marine view; elegant surf, bathing:
- bathhouses, etc. : this Is a rare chance; don't
-overlook It HAMMOND & HAMMOND. 1«3
Park st
ALAMEDA rtlKMSHEI) HOUSES.
TO let — Furnished or unfurnished for 6 months
or year; house of 8 rooms and bath; large
garden; good view; 1 block from bay; one
block from narrow gauge station; reasonable
to good tenant. 1207 Weber st.. Enclnal Sta-
tlon. - . ; -
' . ALAMEDA ROOMS.
SPEND THE SEASON AT ALAMEDA.
Mrs. Klrske's new establishment at 2110
Santa Clara ave., corner of Willow ave.. Is
open for Inspection; single rooms and suites,
elegantly furnished, can now. be secured for
the entire season. Appointments can be
made by calling Telephone Larkln 1580.
ALAMEDA STORES TO LET. .
CHEAP store. 15x60 feet $12 50. or will let
a part of It. Apply on the premises, - 1514
Park St.. Alameda. ' • •
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'M'NTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
BARGAIN; new 5-room bay-window cottage;
porcelain bath, pantry, tiled sink, pretty man-
tel, gas and electric lights, city water, high
baiement, brick foundation; fruit trees, flower
parden, chicken houpe; extra large lot; three
blccks. to railroad station, both ferries, elec-
tric cars, school, church and stores; price $2000;
terms. $150 cash, balance $20 monthly. O. A.
RUDOLPH, Lorln Station; open Sundays. . >
SNAP; almost new 5-«tory cottage; bath,
pantry, mantel, city water, high basement, elec-
tric llrhts; lot 50x135; chicken house; full
grown fruit , trees, ornamental trees: street
work, done; cement sidewalks; two blocks to
station, school, stores, church, railroad station
and electric cars; price $2100; terms, $30O cash.
REAL ESTATE— Country— Fop Sale
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
; EXCHANGES.
FULL CHARGE TAKEN OF PROPERTY.
$12,500 — Splendid stock ranc^.and genera
farm, 2000 acres; 4 - miles from Courthduse
Mendoclno County;' 200 acres tillable: 2 com
plete sets of farm buildings; well supplied witl
water and an ¦ abundance of live oak timber
there are several patches suitable for alfalfa.'
$8000— Only 3% miles of Geyservtlle. the Gen
of Sonoma County; Vi mile good school; rura
mall delivery; 60 acres; 30 acres rich botton
land; 2 acres orchard; 15 acres vineyard, al
bearing; 6 acres alfalfa; well fenced and.crosi
; fenced; B-room house, 2 good barns, nice spring
I have other bargains In this superb section.
I $3500— Mile and a half of St Helena; 161
acres. 30 under cultivation, 6 acres bearini
orchard, 5 acres Vineyard; water piped t(
buildings;, fine. 2-story residence, stable, barn
carriage-house; once refused $12,000 cash.
$600 — Only 1 mile of town; 80 acres; house
trees, vines,- berries; 15 acres bottom-land
placer and -quarts gold; 2 garden patches, out-
side range, tools, furniture; forced sale.
$4000— Near Merced City, on main road; 4C
acres rich land; 5 acres bearing olives, 10 acres
alfalfa, 5H acres bearing orchard; 2 wells; al:
under ditch; fine cottage, 5 rooms; steel wind-
ml!l and tank; good barn, toolhpuse. granary,
poultry houses, incubator houses; nice income;
caeh or trade bay counties property. . SV
ALFALFA LANDS.
Rich black' land, near Stockton, subdivided
in small tracts at $65 per acre; one-third o!
crop with place.
Adjoining the town of Lodi. both bearing
vineyard land and unimproved under ditch;
$125 to $165 per acre.
$50 per .acre; 10 acres up; under ditch; 4%
miles from Lodi. on main county road: alsc
land on the Stanislaus ditch as low as $45 an
acre. - '
- - f GOOD PROPERTY WANTED.
~ I have several parties with good Income
property to trade for cheap country homes; alsc
lodging-houses; many cash buyers; list your
property.
$2500—60 acres; 5 miles from Santa Crux; 2C
acres under cultivation, balance rolling and
some rteep; small orchard 'and vineyard. bear-
Ing; rood 7-room house, barn, outbuildings;
bank foreclosure; $500 ! down and balance
monthly payments If desired.
$10,000 — In Sonoma County; 800 acres well
fenced In 3 fields; house; 3 large barns; dalry-
houjse; well watered; 200 acres tillable; all
level; 24 acres 8-year-old orchard; 30 head cat-
tle; 20 hogs; farming Implements, etc.; $5000
mortgage: trade for bay property.
*3250 — 26 acres sandy loam, only 2*4 miles
of Petaluma; house. 5 rooms and bath:part cash.
S5000 — Best ranch In Southern Oreeon; 32U
acres; 2 sets good. Improvements; well fenced;
orchard; 5 horsea; farming tools; outside range.
$4500—80 acres close to Morgan Hill. Santa
Clara County; 20 acres bearing orchard and
vineyard. 10 acrea hill pasture; nice hard
finished cottage cf 5 rooms; outbuildings; fine
Income; would trade for Income city property.
¦ $1100 — Only 6 miles from Courthouse; SO
acres; orchard, vineyard, house, outbuildings;
part cash; near Red Bluff.
$17.000— Finest ranch In San Joaquln County,
between Stockton and Lodi; water near sur-
face; good house, outbuildings, barn, corrals;
450 acres rich land, 1 mile of Calaveras River,
on main read; mortgage $9000; would trade for
first-class property near city.
$4500 — Near Newcastle: 21 acres; oranges,
cherries.' peaches, lemons, plums and apples:
small -but nice house; only $1500' down; have
bargains In this vicinity from $1000 up.
$2250 — 10 acres, all In apricots Just com-
mencing to bear; 6 miles from San Jose; lovely
home; half cash. . . .
$1700— In Sonoma City; 3% acres: all level;
good house, barn, windmill, tankhouse; 13
poultry houses and yards; some alfalfa; spring
wagon; 500 chickens; feedhouse.
.$2500 — Only 2 miles from San Jose; 4 acres;
2 '/• acres bearing orchard; hard finished , cot-
tage, 5 rooms; . stable, windmill and j tank;
cheap.
$3500 — 130 acres east of San Jose, 125 acres
In hay; good soil.
Send stamp for printed list.
. W. J. WHITE. 26 Montgomery st., room B.
PROPERTY EXCHANGES A SPECIALTY.
- Full charge taken of property.
1400 ACRES at $6 50 per acre; only 90 miles
from San Francisco; to close up an estate.
See owner dally at 12:30. RICHARD KEAT-
INGE, 10S Jessie St., San Francisco.
$10 A MONTH buys a 10-acre farm.
$200 profit per annum per acre.
Write for booklet. It's free. 603 J st
WRIGHT A KIMBROUGH. Sacramento, Cal.
ALFALFA lands, stock ranches, orchards,
vineyards; Inspected bargains; monthly cata-
logues sent free. C. M. WOOSTER CO.. 643
Market >t __' - '
FOR sale — 50 acres vineyard in large or small
tracts, near Martinez. E. B.. 507 Sixth st,
Oakland. .
ROOMS FOR I1OUSEKEEPI5G.
ALL SUNNY— BEST IN CITY— 3 or 4 rooms,
furnished or unfurnished. - ST. - CHARLES
APARTMENTS, 1560 Sacramento St.. near
Larkln.
HOWLAND— 817 Van Ness ave.. cor. Ellis st
— Beautiful modern apartments of six rooms
and bath; finished tn the most approved
style; rents are reasonable and Include steam
1 heat, water, elevator service, etc. : Janitor on,
premises. SHAINWALD. BUCKBEfi A CO..
21S-220 Montgomery st
1 ft 00 " 8 TO I.ET Fnrii, nnd Uatarn.
I AURORA, corner Second and Folsom sts.— New
i bouse, new furniture; every room outsldt:
1 modern and sunny: prices from $1 CO per
s week up; this Is the only up-to-date house ia
; 'thla vicinity; first-class grill attached.
5 A— BRUNSWICK House. 14S Sixth st — Rooms
r 25c to $1 per night $1 25 to $5 per week and
j . light- housekeeping rooms; open all night r
' AT "The Almonte." $73 Market st. (or No I
Fifth st)— Rooms, 25c. 60c, $1, $1 50 nlgat;
j - $1 B0 to $10 week: house open air night.
' BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 13«4>— Fur-
. nished rooms, suite, single: also unfurnished.
» BUSH. 1678 — Nice back parlor, furnished; prl-
1 vate fam.; gent pref.; call bet. 3 and 8 p.m.
. CALIFORNIA. 1421 — 2 front rooms, complete;
; ' bath, gas stove; $20; newly furnished.
CALIFORNIA; 1512 — Elegantly furnlsked
J rooms; private.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellin, corner Mason — Elegantly
r furnlthed sunny rocms:- prices reasonable.
' CUMMINGS (The). 618 Post. nr. Taylor— Jest
, opened; desirably located; sunny, single rooms
> and suites, with private baths, hot and cold,
i water, steam heat, electric light*, phone- every
room; elevator. Phone East 1317 if desired.
, EDDY. 1254 — Unfurnished rooms, stationary
| tubs, running water; modern fiat
FILLMORE, 213 — Sunny alcove room; running
j water; cheap. ' . ' •
I FOR single gentleman, in private horte (no
other roomers), a large, sunny, furnished
: room, with bath adjoining:, 4 blocks from
¦ park entrance and 3 blocks from panhandle.
Address box 2624. Call offlco. . ¦
. FOURTH. 401— Sunny, large, front and slda
I room, suitable for 2; will put In two beds.
J FULTON, 27— Nicely furnished room for two
young gentlemen; private family.
' GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33<j
| to $1 25 night; $1 SO to $6 wk. ; reading- room.
HOWARD. 761%— Nicely furnished bay- win-
dow room; also single rooms; moderate.
, JONES, 509— Nicely furnished rooma; 'singl«
! or en suite; choice location; cent; reasonable.
LINDEN ave.. 285 — Two unfurnished rooms
• and bath; no children.
OAK, 352 — Two newly furnished sunny rooms.
PIERCE, 75— Large front room, closet; also
large side room: for one or two.
' ROYAL House. 126 Kills — Incandescent llffhta.
reading-room, smoking-room and ladiea' par-
lor: rooms per r.lKht. 35c to $1 50; we«k. $3
to $S; month, $8 to $30; elevator on ground
floor: rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
SEVENTH ave., 67, near Lake— Furnished
rootus.
TAYLOR_615 — Suites, single rooms and board;
; terms reasonable.
TEHAMA, 154, off Third — Furnished rooms to
let.
THE ST. KATHRYN, N.E. cor. Leavenworth
and Ellis — Sunniest rooms in the city; new
hotel; just furnished fresh and clean: hair
mattresses in every, room; also hot and cold
water, baths, etc.; steam heat throughout;
elevator service and every modern conveni-
ence; rocms from $3 per week up. .
THE; LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— Front suite;
also gunny single rooms; reasonable. .
THE PRESTON. 247 Larkln St.. cor McAllister
— Elegant rooms to let; $1 50 to $3 per week.
TURK. 32 — Newly furnished sunny rooms, e.i
suite or single; transient: just opened.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3367— Single furnished room
for gentleman; near three car lines; $0.
UNITED STATES, 123 Eddy, near Market— 400
rooms, 35c to $1 night, $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water in every
room: elevator.read.-room: free bus: baggage.
VALENCIA. 619— Neatly furnished front room,
suitable for gentleman; reasonable. -
WOLF House. 202 Sixth — Electric light In every
room; 15c to $1 a eight; 75c to $5 a we«k;
open all night; convenient to all cars. '
VALENCIA. 1070. Hotel Buena Vista— Hand-
. somely furnished suite and single rooms;
. warm belt of the Mission; hot and cold
baths; phone Blue 351.
GARDENERS.
¦¦.¦••:.'¦.»- gardener for ranch, boss here, $30
*nd found.
Gardener, flowers, etc., 40c fare, $30 found.
MtliRAY & HEADY, 034 and C36 Clay et
tlX vineyard bands, fare $1; $26 and found.
FOREMAN, $JH>.
- foremen for Nevada — Government work.
Dishwasher lumber district. $25 and found.
Bov. leara blacksmith trade, $7 week.
NUUSES.
3 curses, new institution, toes here, $35 fd.
% J machinists, country Jobs, $2 50 and $3 2S
day.
GARDENERS— PRIVATE.
4 gardeners, country, bosses here; $30 found.
Gl>LD QUARTZ MINE.
Machine miner, t'JO.
First timberman, $S2 50: 2d timberman. $75. ,
:• ranch teamsters, fare $1 ; $32 50 and found.
Machine driller.
Gardiner, fare 25c: boss at our office; $30 fd. '
• ierman second cook, $40 and found.
Blacksmith, machine shop. $2 50 day.
Married farmer. 4Oc fare: $45 and house.
"S t»oyt for eteel and iron works, city, $5 -week.
«;ardenei, private family, fare 70c; $30 found.
<iardener. ranch; extra good Job; $30 and fd.
4 machine miners, northeast $3 day.
15 plow teamsters. $26, $30, $35 and found.
I>aundry helper, institution. $30 found.
Waniman, hospital work, $30 found.
Plumber, rough work, country.
MARRIED.
Farmer and wife, fare $1 25," easy Job. $60 fd.
< ;:.:.k foreman. Nevada, $tt> found.
& teamsters, city Job. *- day.
Milker and wife, fare 50-\ $42 50 found.
12 WAITERS.
Kcr diflerent city tc country' hotels, $30,$35 fd.
Walter, fare paid. Kurtka. $8 75 week.
2 cocks, tew men on ranches.
MURRAY & READY. 6S4 and C36 Clay St.
OREAT MINES ! GOOD MINES !
15 LABORERS.
So experience required; you'll suit; $C7 50 to
MURRAY & READY. 634 and C30 Clay «t.
TO EVERY EMPLOYER OF
WHITE MALE HELP— We can supply you
with white raale help of all kinds
FREE OF CHARGE.
No syndicate too large, no firm too email
for us to i-u. ,.:•¦; no objection to distance; we
ship good help; phon*. telegraph, write, or
call in t>crson and procure ycur help from
MURRAY & KEADY.
We prave employment
bt 1897 to upward of 17,000 men.
Li IMA to upward of 1«.(xi0 men.
In 1K3K* to upward of 21,000 men.
In VjvO to upward of 3C.000 men.
In 1901 to upward of raen. ¦
In 1902 to upward of 45.000 men.
IN 1803 TO UPWARD OF «0,0U0 MEN.
Office open 7 a. m. caily.
Sunday. 8 to 12 a.'m.
Help wanting work — Hundreds cf places
awaiting your selection. Come, read our bul-
letin boards.
RECEIVED IN 2 DAYS.
fciO answers to our letter which appeared in
b y. CHRONICLE. PAGE 10. COLUMNS
•Z and 3; K. F. CALL, PAGE a, COLUMNS
I, 2 and 3, MONDAY. APRIL 4. 1904. SUB-
JECT. "CJRKAT CAPITAL AND LABOR
VjUEiiTIONS "'; <l,500.000) one and a half mil-
lion tt-afictfe will be printed and distributed.
M V RRAY & READY. 634 and <^<1 Clay st
STAELEMAN, city, gocd Job. $75 and found.
Butler maker, hand separator, south. $40 fd.
LAUNDRYMEN.
2 laundrynaen. all Plain work, city Institu-
tion. $40 and Ifcund.
Wsiux for mine, $:w and found.
ENGINEERS.
Kneincer. big lumber company. $4 day.
f c (.»¦• i'f. sihck work, %'A day.
SPECIAL TO-DAY.
Ranch cook, couth. £>5 and found,
amp cook, city Job, $40 and found.
Porter, city saloon. $11 to $12 week.
41t.n. drive wholesale milk wagon. $20 found.
MURRAY A READY. 634 and 630 Pay St.
1» % Y Tor our of fie*; clerk, our office.
Mt'KRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st
OPEN SUNDAY 10 to 12.
AT CONTRACTORS' AGENCY.
'.<> Third *t. Telephone Main 5521.
bub-foreman for track-laying gang, near
city. $65.
Nevada Nevada.
Teamsters $2 S3
laborers $2 mO
Fare refunded if you work 40 days. .
IIORD ft SMITH.
ANDRE'S office, 317 Stockton et — Hothouse
gardener, $35 and found; butler, country, $40
to $50; young man to help in first class bar,
£23 and board. Increase: vsJet for club, $40;
flevator boy, $15; attendant for institution.
$15. etc.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery *t.. r. 12—
Vegetable man, $30; second cook, $65.
best references with you. &02 Post st
WANTED — A day cashier; good reference. 29
Stockton et . ".
THREE-CHAIR ehop for sale; downtown; no
reasonable offer refused. Box 1554. Call.
BARBERS — 3-chair shop for (sale; good chance
for sober man. Box 1555, Call office.
PATENT article; principal feature great ad-
vertising medium; will exchange 50,000 with
right to California for unimproved land; this
Is a snap; owner going to Europe. P. O.
box 1C2. Oakland.
FOR SALE — Cheap. 3-chair barber shop; 2
baths, laundry office and cigar stand; opp.
S. P. depot; good location; 1 door from P. O. ;
selling on account sickness. Address P. O.
bcx 241. Reno. Nev.
WANTED — Energetic man acquainted in Oak-
land; experienced ' in banking and securities
prefe.-red. Address box 1118, Call office,
Oakland.
WAXTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Thlrfi st: 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Boy about 17 to work in machine
ehop. California Fruit Canners' Association.
Vandewater and Taylor sts.
BARBERS — The neatest best paying 3-chair
ehop north %>f Market st; low rent. D.
STOLTZ. 723 Market Et.
TRY our men's shoes, union made, at $1 and
$1 50 pair; foot-form shoe* at $2 50; we pay
express or mail charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.
ADVERTISING solicitor wanted. Call at 400
Grant ave., after 9:30 a. m.
WOULD like to buy a barber shop in a good
country town. Box 3020, Call office. *
Al CLOTHING salesman wanted. Apply S.
N. WOOD & CO.
STRONG boy (from IS to 20) for wholesale
house. Box 3517. Call office.
AGENTS $5 to $15 a day. Traders' Advertis-
ing Agency, 724 Hayward Bldg.
WANTED — Two first-class carriage wood
workers at SPINNEY'E, 1640 Mission st.
TEA and coffee solicitors wanted; salary and
commission. K50 Howard st. ;>¦» ¦}¦¦
HOTEL barber shop for sale cheap at 532
Third st ¦ >--' :.
COMPETENT dress Eoods man: take charge
of department; Interior- town. Box 1550. Call.
WANTED — Dry roods salesman. Apply be-,
tween 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS'.
WANTED— Barber's apprentice. 751 Mission
street
CENT to solicit printing and advertising. Ap-
ply 519 Filbert «t *
WANTED — Two young men to finish or learn
the barber trade free of charge. C27 Clay st
THREE-CHAIR barber shop for eale on ac-
count of sickness; must be sold. 2i5 East et
MAN to do janitor work for tuition in S. F.
, Barber School. 741 Howard st. .
YOUNG men. sailors, blacksmiths, carpenters.
green hands, for ships. Herman's. 27 Eteuart.
Pension Atty.. E. A. Bullis, r. 40, Phelan bldg.
Past Cora. Geo. H. Thomas Post O. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 25c night; reading-rooms;
free 'bus and baggage to end from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at IOCS Market st. opposite Fifth.
Open cntll 11 p. ra.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 663 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sU.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to rrfV». SC3 Mission ft. bet 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AXD WAGOSS.
FOR sale — Very handsome pair well-matched
family carriage horse*; sound, and gentle;
fine ellver-mounted borncss; 4 or 0 passenger
brake: call st car »xrn, Emeryville- J. O.
.DONXELL. __^_
AUCTION sale of horses every Wednesday, at
II a. m.. 327 Sixth »t; every horsa must b«
as represented or money refunded. *OHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
FOUR fine surreys, one pony buggy, carts,
wagons and business buggies for sale, cheap.
1504-8 Folsora st "
6ECOND-HAXD open hacks, wagonettes, 3-
seaters and business bugries. CORVILL
MANUFACTURING CO., 48 Elefctb st]«g9<
appointments by consulting me first. My
method of treatment Is positive and harm-
less and I guarantee Immediate relief from
*ny cause or make no charges. Advice free.
Call or write DR. SYLVESTER. 219 Kearny.
ALWAYS be advised and treated by a grad-
uate physician: positively the only one here
capable and willing to restore you to happl-
neei>; relief for Irregularities; help for un-
fortunate ladles; if .In trouble consult him
without coat or fee; call or write; confiden-
tial. DR. R. H. WESTON. 305 Keaxny st.
DR. G. W. O' DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
complaints; positively corrected: the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office. 1018 Market st.
MRS. DR. WYETH, specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 826 Post st.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
. male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
Uef guaranteed. jCOS% Market st. opp. 5th.
Drs. Goodwin. 733 Turk. nr. Van Ness — Expert
in obstetrics, female complaints; Inst. relief;
treatment $10; hours, 10 to 5; 25 years' exper.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles'
specialist; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees.
DR. ROSEN resides 2095 Folsom st. corner
2Gth; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment. 1126 Market st.
DR. NG. TOY KEE..319 Powell St.. opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herb*.
MISCELLANEOUS FOK SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. MclN-
TOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Repair It with elaterlte: In rolls easy to lay;
seeds no painting or coating; good over old
iron, tin or shingles : best Tor new roofs.
ELATERITE ROOFING CO.. 713 Market st.
MILK men. attention — 30 milking cows with
or without pasture, dairy outfit complete; get
a move on if you want them. Apply 818
Grove, bet. Webster and Flllmore, morning.
2D-HAND machinery, boilers, engines, pumps.
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; sea Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 180-132 Beale st
DESKS and office furniture; $20,000 stock to
be sold before April 15; this stock can be
bought in large or small lots. T. D. MC-
CARTHY CO., 782 Mission. Phone Bush 467.
PAINT your old and new metal and* shingle
roofs with Asbestos Roof Paint: guarantetd
to stoo all leaks In the one and preserve the
new. 205 Front st; t«l. Main 1428. .
A— FINE salts, $7 50; dress pants, $2 50. Orig-
inal Misfit Clothing Parlors, 238 Kearny st,
, near Bush: open to 9 p. m., Sunday to noon.
A — BUYS, cells or rents gear machinery, en-
cines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
•tc WHITELAW. 253-255 Fdw Bt
GROCERY fixture, new, coffee mill, self-meas-
uring oil tank, horse and wagon, at a bar-
galn. Box 3572, Call office. . .
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid. ; catalog free.
6500 FEET C-lnch pipe; good, condition; gat*,
valves and fittings. 2765 Howard «t ;'
FANCY pigeons; new imported varieties; send
for list. C. WILSON, 228 Stevenson st
FOR SALE — Jersey heifer; will calve soon.
200 Ninth st. : v v ;
A TENT for rent or sale. ROSS McMAHON
TENT A AWNING Co.. 35 Mrkt.Tel.Bush 853
BOOKS bouxht: libraries purchased. Kins' i
Old Bookstore. 61 McAllister st
STEEL lined eafe. 1800 pounds; $125. RICH-
ARDSON BROS.. 1816 Market st •
BARGAINS in fine diamonds and watches;
easy payments. GARIN. b03 Hayward bldg.
GASOLINE engines bought sold, exchanged,
repaired. Eykes-Corson Co., 254 Beale st
EAFES and cash registers, new and second-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1328 Market rt. -_ x ¦
SOME good second-band gasoline engines 1 to
12 h. p.. cheap. E. B Beck A Co.. 122 Mket.
ELOT machines cheap; Chlcagoes, Twentieth
Centuries. Pucks. BACIGALUPI. B33 Msrket
EAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st .
MOVING pictures, tnagio lanterns, sale,'' rental;
bargains. Dullard A Breck. 131 Post st :
EAFES— New and second-hand. E. B. BECK
A CO.. 122 Market st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sixes. J. E. DOAK, 46 Fremont st. .
. MI'SICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A^L^Jpl«GlTTtir^ VS T~ > ' t "^~*^~ ~-~~-v~^
Fischer, new $325. now $150.
Hertr. new $300, now $07.
Miller, new $300, now $145.
3 Emerson, new $250 to $350, now $160.
2 Chickcring, new $450,-' now $100, $185.
2 Stelnway, new $675. $7B0. now $185, $325.
Heine, new $575. now $333.
Rents $2 up;- Installments, $4 up. Rent ap-
plied If purchased.
HEINE PIANO CO.. . 235-237 Geary st
Oakland — 1252 Broadway.
ABSOLUTE BARGAINS IN PIANOS. ' ". •
One In fair order. ; $10
One a little better...* $15
Another, condition good.... .....$25
Also a Checkering, Mason & Hamlln, two
Stelnways, Knabe, Vose Sterling, Mayson,
Emerson. Hallet & i Davis, Starr and many
others, from $55 up; easy terms; fully guar-
anteed. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 10 O'Far-
' rell at *
ONLY piano house in the city that will r«nt
you a new piano for $3 per month and allow
0 months' rent and cartage off purchase
price; sole agents for McPhall, 8chlller and
other makes. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes.
SPECIAL bargains this week; square pianos,
$25; uprights. $100 up; organs, $25. BYRO.V
MAUZY. SOS Post st.
$75; STEINWAY piano, cost $600, for eale on
$5 Installments. 1309 Gough st., near Geary.
STEINWAY, nearly new; upright: A. Gabler.
and Steck mahegany. 210 McAllister Bt.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister «t
3-PEDAL Stelnway up. ;Cblckerlng baby grand;
fchonlnger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
BOHMER, Byron Mauzey pianos. Cecillan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st.
. PERSO.YALS. ~ ~
Insomnia, mental and nervous diseases cured;
liquor and drug habits; massage; medicated
baths; country place Lake co. ; terms to phy-
sicians; call or write. 1375 Waller, s bet. Ma-
gonlc ave. and Aahbury st. ; tel. Fell 837.
A fresh, smooth and young looking face.
With a real, genuine "baby skin."
Don't forgfiet the name, M. ELLA HARRIS.
¦The number. 781 O'Farrell st, near Larkln.
Call or write for book, free,'
"'Hints ¦: on Beauty." ,
Al SUITS to order at $1 weekly. We have
contracts with leading houBes to take all
their short ends, I called remnants. We -make
you a fine suit on Installments cheaper than
others do for cash. LEON LEMOS. merchant
tailor. 1127 Market et., bet 7th and Sth.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair, im-
proves its growth, H.ops> falllng.cures dandruff
and Itching scalp; . no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
A — MICROTINE, a positive cure for catarrh,
cold In the hnad, hay fever, headache and all
bronchial affections; send for free sample.
MOUNTAIN TEA MEDICINE CO.. 272 Oth.
Cancerous lumps, sores, impure blood (affecting
skin, mouth, bones, etc), speedily cured by
skilled specialist from Europe. Apply Central
. Pharmacy. 251 Grant ave. Worst cases cured.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS' London
Tailor. 721: Market st. .;, - -..-¦. -
DRUNKENNESS, morphine ¦ and all drug " dls-
. eases . positively cured by. Willow Bark Co.,
812 Shotwell; consul tatton. free; call or. write.
SOCIAL dances Wed.; Thurs., Bat. and. Sun.;
classes Monday*. Fridays. - Louise Foster's
School of Dancing. 1556 Market, nr. Larkln.
PROF. S DE LOUTSKY, dermatologist, 1567
Post st— Modern facial treatment; at home
,•¦ If -wanted. .:•¦:.¦¦•¦.:¦-•¦'."-•"¦'¦. -."-- .-:*.:¦.¦ '.:-'¦
A' destitute woman's friend;; free secluded home
during - confinement; • Infants s adopted; " good
. homes. Mrs. Dr.Funke, 1416 8th at, Alameda
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
. NEUHAUS A CO. (Inc.). Ullors. 729 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair & moles removed by elec-
'trlc nendle. Dr. & Mrs. Travers.- 1170 Market
Actina restores lost eyesight ;cures deafness and
catarrh. A'VIDA Co.. 3524 19th. nr. Valencia.
MRS. Eaton." electric needle specialist 369 Sut-
ter. r. 609. .Miss Eaton. .233 Geary, room 33.
MASQUERADE rogtumes.: play ¦ books. '•"¦ wlg«;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.; 733 Mkt.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress^panU $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor. 1 cor. Bush and Dupont.
ALFREDUM'S- Egyptian 'i Henna ;• restores , gray
hair to lt» natural color. $1: at all druggists'.'
¦"¦.-•¦¦.-•• -•;- PALJUSTnv. ¦'.*'.::':.
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientlflo palmist. 51S
' Taylor st. ' near ' Geary. Phono Black 56L
balance $18 monthly. O. A. RUDOLPH, Lorln;
open Sundays. ¦ '
BARGAIN; new 5-room cottage; modern; con-
venient to station, school, stores, church; large
lot. all fenced; price $1850; terms, $100 cash,
balance $16" 50 monthly, same as rent O. A.
RUDOLPH, Lorln.. Open Sundays.
FOR SALE — House of 7 rooms; lot 42x100;
$1500. Address owner. , 1606 Ward st, Ber-
keley. ,
A. MURDOCK & CO., South Berkeley station,
for bargains; we build, buy, sell or exchange.
BESKELET HOTELS, r
HaTELTiBElSK^ELE^RE^O^PENs" — This ele^
gantly appointed house is now under a. new
and experienced management. The service Is
first clasK, the accommodations homelike, the
treatment of guests courteous, the rates low.
The hotel Is situated on Dwight way, one
block weet of the Dwight way station, and Is
therefore convenient to both the Key Route
and S. P. ferry systems. Rates, per day,
transient, sre from $2 to ?•'!, ana per month
' are $30 to $50, according to apartments. Ban-
quets and wedding, dinners will be served on
short notice in the most fashionable and de-
lightful manner. All Interested in this an-
nouncement are Invited to call at the house
and Inspect It. Any further information de-
sired will be promptly given. Tel. Dana I'M.
FRUITVALE ADV'RT'S'M'NTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
$1500 — A BARGAIN on account of death; an 8-
room Colonial cottage, dining-room yellow
plr.c finished and ceiling paneled, just com-
pleted; to bq bought for less than what It
cost .owner. G«'t off at Fruitvale ave.; 8
minutes' walk from station; must be, seen
to be appreciated. H. C. B.. box 3008. Call.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE, 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE OR FOR RENT— Two-story house;,
12 rooms and 2 bath rooms; lot 02:0x100 feet;
719 12th »t, Oakland, Cal., between Castro
and- Brush sts... north side; only 4 "blocks
from Washington st. (tho business, center), 2
blocks from both the High School and Cen-
tral Grammar School, and* 1 block from the
new Public" Library;, electric cars connecting
! with all parts of the city and running direct
to local trains, pass the house every 7 min-
utes. FIRST . FLOOR — 5 rooms and bath,
gas grate, gas and coal ranges, pantry, laun-
dry, etc. . SECOND FLOOR— 7 rooms and
bath; house arranged for 2 families. Reason
for selling— Owner- Is going to move -out of
the city. Inquire of C.H. JONES, Manager
Pacific Press, cor. 12th and Castro sts.. - Oak-
land. Cal.. or at" the house,* 718 12th ,st;
• Oakland,- Cal. ¦ ¦ .-. ¦ ¦- . ¦
LOOK AT THIS.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY A HOME CHEAP
AND ON EASY TERMS. IT WILL PAY YOU
TO SEEP. C. LASSEN, 466 TENTH i ST.,
OAKLAND. CAL. •"
A fine 10- room houie In East Oakland; good
location; lot 65x150. with ¦'• stable, etc. ; • all
street work done; easy; terras. P..'C. LAS-
! SEN & CO.. 466 Tenth st. Oakland., Cal.
' FOR' sale— New 7-room, ¦ 2-story house on Sth
ave., near E. 10th st. ; every modern conven-
ience; choice lot.S 50x125; ¦ fine view; quick
trans-bay service: price $4250: . reasonable
.terms.. B. H.' WELCH & CO.; 5th ave. and
- .ISth St., Oakland. ;' ;¦ .. ¦ ;.'¦ '.'..'. ¦': v
EXCHANGE— Value. $5000 cash :¦ modern 8-
-.' 'room. 2-story 'house, with 1 good stable; rents
,-$30; choice location on 12th ave.. East Oak-
land ; ¦ clear ; of . Ineumbrance; ¦:. will - exchange
. for good East Oakland v» B. ;H.
;. WELCH ;& CO.. 5th. ave. and 18th st. .
10 ACRES of land In suburbs of Oakland;. well
'located to :. subdivide and aell lots: electric
cars to the property; chance to make $5000;
would exchange „ for , Improved . property,' E.
i r BISHOP. 466 Tenth tt.. Oakland, Cal.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ; ROOMS.
NEWLY furnished ; large L sunny, rooms: pri-
* .vate house, near narow gauge; $1,' $1 50, $2.
• 317 , Tenth , st ¦<¦ *,'* rBfflililwIIIWinitlllfflnwiffiW^r* f ,
TO . rent— Newly furnished I rooms for I ladles or
• gentlemen. Fifteenth >st. 'Oakland. ,,
O AKLAN D -^FynfiVTVnB^O&tJSAJLB^^
., TO-MORROW 5 the ' day : for '. bargain* in « f urnl-
¦ . ture- H. Schelhaas.llth st,cor:Etore,Oakland.'
EDDY. SSI — 2 unfurnished rooms; light. house-
keeping; In modern flat .
ELEVENTH. 211— Two connecting bay win-
dow rooms for light housekeeping.
ELLIS, .1161 — Two-room suites; sunny; gas
range, hot baths: $16 and $18.
FRANKLIN. 203— Three nicely furnished
housekeeping rooms; bath; sunny corner flat.
GOUGH, 137— Two sunny front rooms for
light housekeeping.
HAIGHT. 920— S or 4 handsomely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; reference.
HARRISON. 2523, bet. Twenty-flrst and Twen-
ty-second — 2 sunny furnished rooms; regular
kitchen.
HAYES, 645 — 3 furnished housekeeping rooms;
gas range and storeroom; use of bath; $17 5Q.
HOWARD. 737% — Nicely furnished sunny
rooms; rent reasonable; suitable for light
housekeeping.
HOWARD. 1548 — Housekeeping rooms; gas
range, bath, phone; also single room.
JESSIE, 323 — Sunny small room furnished for
light housekeeping for one; $1 75 week. -
KEARNY, 104^ — Sunny bay-window front suite
and kitchen. $22; unfurnished; adults.
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine —
Bunny, furnished 3-roora sultss; steam heat-
ed, electric lighted ; free baths: rate $30 up.
¦ LARKIN. 817% — Nicely furnished sunny front
room; folding bed, gas stove: reasonable.
MARIPOSA terrace. 12, -between Seventh and
Eighth sts.. off- Harrison — Two nice, sunny
rooms; no children; $10.
MASdN, 700. cor. Bush — Two sunny rooms fur-
nished complete for light housekeeping; rent
$15 per month.
MCALLISTER, 538 — Large - sunny parlor; gas
range; hot bath; $12; suite $7: adults.
MCALLISTER. 007 — 2 nicely furn. bay-window
rooms: laundry; bath; German family; $18.
MCALLISTER, 1671 — Connecting sunny sitting-
room and bedroom, complete; kitchen, bath;
reasonable. . ¦ ¦ '
MINNA. 281. cor. Fourth — Furnished - sunny
housekeeping rooms: reasonable. . -
MODEL House, 1206 Stockton— Front house-
keeping rooms; $5 to $12; gas; bath; sunny. ¦
O'FARRELL. 1516— A large. , nicely furnished
sunny front housekeeping room with connect-
ing kitchen.
O'FARRELL. -1712. near Flllmore — ? large un-
furn. rooms; bath; $20; phone Geary 1705.
SIXTH. 436%— Furnished housekeeping rooms,
double or single; rent cheap; quiet family. ¦
STOCKTON. 41 and 45 — 2 nicely furnished,
sunny rooms, , complete;: run. wat, gas stove.
TAYLOR, 504, - near Geary — Nicely furnished
comer suit; housekeeping; also large bay
window; - modern conveniences; clean; nice'
TURK 325— Single ' and double; also house-
keeping. . '
WASHINGTON, 1323. near Jones — To couple
without children, three very desirable house-
keeping rooms; nicely furnished: bath, fine
kltcnen, stationary tubs, yard; would rent
suite to two gentlemen. Phone Sutter 4121.
$12 — 3 FURNISHED rooms complete for.house-
- keeping; no children. 478 Tehama, near Oth.
-.-¦; AgABTMiarr houses.
A ST. HILAIRB APARTMENTS h^-
: ~ LAGUNA ST.. NEAR GEARY
Will be ready for occupation in a few
days. Everything new. Make your
reservations now. p Elegantly furnished
- with private bath — 2, 3 and
4 rooms; steam heat; electric light; ela- ¦
¦ vator; private phones: rates reasonable.' .
A— CORDOVA APARTMENTS . „
Will be finished Mar:h 15.
aO84 8UTTER ST.. NE. COR. LARKIN ST.
' Beautifully ; light and sunny; 2-8-4 rooms and
bath each; all unfurnished; $27 50 to $10. ;.
Make reservations now. -....- • • • ¦:
ST. CECILE. 115 Fell, above Van Ness— The
acme of perfection- In elegantly furn. 3-roora
. apartments: private - baths, , steam heat, ¦ elec
. trie lights, elevator, : gas ranges; $30. to $55.
ST. > LOUIS. 1579 ¦ Jackson St.— Modern 3-4-5
'rooms; also single; furnished or. unfurnished;
marine view: references. ¦¦ Phone East * 1350.
VAN NESS ave.. 019— Elesrant front parlors
and adjoining suite for office or club.
VAN^NESS.. 926— Nicely furnished sunny. par-
lor bedroom .in modern flat; running water.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st. near Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
35c to $1 50 night; $2 to $3 week; elevator:
elec. lights; reading-room; free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the reception
of advertisements and subscriptions has been
opened at 1008 Market st, opposite Fifth.
Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
- Call branch office, cor. Duncan A Church sts.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
EDGEMERE HOTEL.
731 'Bush st. above Powell; select first-
class residential hotel: elegantly furnished
and table unsurpassed; electric light; steam
heated and private exchange telephones in
every room; terms reasonable.
. B. DU CARPE. Prop.
BOARD for the summer In a nice private
home In San Leandro: one hour's ride to
Earo Francisco; all the fruit, vegetables, bat-
ter, eggs and chickens; home raised; accom-
modations first class and home like: fates
very reasonable. Box 4276. Call. . .
HOTEL BALTIMORE.
. 1015 VAN NESS AVE.. NEAR GEARY ST.
: V :' - SELECT AND FIRST CLASS.
PHONE PRIVATE EXCHANGE 708,
HOWARD. 841A — First-class board with room.
¦ single or double. $5-$6 week: American fam-
ily; home cooking; home comforts; piano.
BUSH. 2024 — Large sunny suite parlors, with
or without board; reference.
FRANKLIN. 424— Furnished room to let with
board. . _
HOTEL ELSMERE. 418 Suttei- — Sunny suites,
single ntis. : excellent table; moderate prices.
N.E. CORNER Broderick and Fulton— Sunny
suite, also single room, with board;- modern.
VAN NESS ave.. 1714— Elegantly furnished
suites, with baths: also single: homelike.
"ROOMS AXD BOARD WANTED.
I WANT room and board in' American family;
15 minutes from Hale Bros.'. Box 3C30.
Call office. \
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED — 3 unfurnished rooms by the first
of May. Address box 47. 1008 Market st
,Jj»APE^n^£3£O^^
BOOMS papered. $ 4 up; tinting, painting
Hartmann Paint Co.. 819 Third: Ul.Maln 413.
PHYSICIANS AND aCBGEO.VI.
DR. C. a O' DONNELL— Of flee and residence,
1021 tt Market st. bet. 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st .
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor;
" treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason; now lo-
cated at 667 Geary st. near Leavnworth.
DR. TONO PO CHY. successor to Dr. LI Po
Tai herb doctor, cures all diseases of humaa
by use of herbs and teas. 727 Washington st
"WONO WOO the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 748-8 Clay »t.
/special notices.
A GUARANTEED cure r for- piles: PETEn
FREILING'S pile salve. $1 per box; war-
ranted to cure all cases of bleeding, itching,
external. Internal or protruding piles, also
•fistula, without fall, no matter how long
: standing. 1028 Devlsadero st. near Butter.
SPECIALISTS- ;
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES* In BARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's treat-
roent free Dr. CottlnKham. 204- 8uttsr st.
. < . ' SLOT . MACHINES.
Slot machines. $25; punchers; $23; lifters, cart
machlnes.$20. W.A.Bradford Ca.llS5 Market
V STABLES TO LET.
POST, 709^StabIe and large yard to let;- could
be used for coal yard or. carpenter; rent $10.
BOARD your horses at 122 Eddy st; best of
care given. : ROBERTS.
~ : Continued on Pa*© : It.
CLEARING-HOUSE OF HUMAN INTERESTSSupply Sails i To-Day.
- Tbe ' station ': ship ; Supply;. will ¦ wall ' to-day '- for
Guam," .. via i Midway. '-'- SHe ; takes ; to * Midway ; a
large supply of stores and. twenty .five marine?,
under command of 1 Lieutenant . Owmi,' and also
Surgeon High of the United States i navy. \ She
also takes supplies of many different kinds for
Guam. The Supply j arrived • here on March ~1,
bringing home Governor Sewell. - Since that
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance to San Fanclsco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
JiOTE^ — The high ¦ and • low waters occur at
the city front 'Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY, APRIL 11.
Bun rises ...5:40
Sun sets ....:.. ....6:41
Moon rises ". .3 : 22 a. m.
O Tune . Time Time Tims
¦ Ft Ft. Ft. Ft.
• L W H W L .W JH ,W
11 2:40 2.4 8:40 \ 4.6 >:46 1.1 9:37 SO
12 3:18 2.0 9:30 4.6 3:23 1.2 10:07 3 1
13 ? 3:54 1.5 10:16 4.7 3:58 1.3 10:30 e!l
14 4:30 1.2 10:58 4.8 4:30 ! 1.5 10:58 " 8 I
15 5:0« 0.8 11:40 4.8 5:03 1.7 11:22 52
16 6:38 O.6|12:24 4.7 5:38 2.0 11:47.62
17 t 6:19f 0.2[ l:10| 4.7| 6:14f 2.3f... :.{....,
NOTE— In th« above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand ' column and the . successive tides - of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; th«
fourth time. column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides as '
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( )
•lgn precedes the height, and. then the number
given Is : subtracted from the ¦ depth given - by
the charts. The plane of reference Is tbe mean
of the lower low waters.
Death* Was Accidental.
The renort.that Thomas : Patton: of : the ship
Edward Sewall came, to his death on that ship
otherwise ' than ' by accident* Is emphatically de
nied " by ' Captain Quick and'* members ; of.' his
crew. They af Arm the •- sta tement : made when
the shiu arrived in ; port, that . the unfortunate
tailor fell from the fore .upper topsail Into the
sea 'and'was drowned. -"At- ; the; tlme'he, was
hauling ¦ the bunt : line, " aad ' It ' Is ; supposed ' he
(dipped -on the yard. . It was between 4 and 5
In the morning . and very dark.' :.
Run Down by Bicyclists.
E. . Fotrarty, an elderly man, living, at 652
Howard street, was run into and knocked down
by three boys :' on bicycles af ', th« ; corner, \ of
Howard and Third streets yesterday, afternoon
while on his way to the water front. -; The old
man, who Is sllthtly. deaf,", was thrown .: to
the pavement with great violence and* suffered
a severe «cal;i wound. .'-, Neighbors - cared for
him ' until ' the patrol wagon arrived " and ¦-' took
him totha Harbor. Emergency : Hospital. -The
boys on the bicycles, who caused the accident,
scampered out of sight as soon as possible.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
One Demijohn Too Many.
OlafOIsen is on« of- the fishermen who-in
tended to ko to northern waters on the Santa
Clara, but ho missed connection and now . Is
wandering around the 'water, front,' wondering
"what next." From his statement," it 'appears
that he loaded all his goods and chattels,". In
cluding three big demijohns of fine -old
whisky, en board the Santa Clara, but • Just
before sailing he thought his supply .-too lim
ited, to went : ashore for . a further addition.
When he returned the ship had sailed, so Olaf
was comDelled to content himself with .the
single demijohn, which Is now his sole posses
sion.. ¦ ¦ ; -.'• • . . ' ,"¦• •',. ' : ; ;..,¦
Consternation on the Peters.
The river steamer J. D. Peters started for
El- Campo yesterday morning wiyf a merry
party on board, full of mirth and frolic. The
joyousness of the occasion was nipped In' the
bud to some extent when the steering gear of
the boat went wrong, which caused the steamer
for a time to float here' and ther« at the
mercy ' of the fortunately ". calm j sea. Merri
ment gave way to wonderment, wonderment to
quiet and quiet to suspense, until relief finally
came In sight and the erstwhile" merrymakers
were finally landed alongside Paclflc-Etreet
wharf. Machinists were put to work to re
pair the damage and the picnic party, which
momentarily lost its gladness, again became
gay, and it is reported that the groves and
glens of El Campo, ere* night, resounded with
the Joyous laughter of lovely maidens . and
the boisterous glee of happy swains.
.Mongolia Is Overdue.
The non-arrival of the big steamship Mon
golia, now fully due from: Norfolk, Va., Is
commencing to cause comment In shipping
circles. She is out fifty-one days: It was the
Intention of the steamship, when she started
for this port, to put into Sallna Cruz to take
on board her Chinese crew, which has already
been landed there. No report of her calling
at that port has been forwarded from there.
Tha only notice of her that has reached here
was the report that on March 6 she had been
sighted oft, the Brazilian coast In' 25 W 10 S.
Of couran It Is possible that she may have
put into Sallna Cruz and that (by an oversight)
no mention of the fact was forwarded.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. I Due.
Mongolia Norfolk Apr. 11
Titanla Nanaimo Apr. 11
Centennial... Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 11
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 11
CItyPuebla.. Puget Sound Ports Apr. 11
Calif ornlan... New York Apr. 11
Spokane Humboldt Apr. 11
Kur-ka Humboldt Apr. 11
I Tellus Oyster Harbor Apr. 12
j Alliance Portland & Way. Pts. Apr. 13
San Jose New York via Panama Apr. 13
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Apr. 13
Argo Eel River Ports Apr. 13
\ Pomona Humboldt Apr. 14
i Earita Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Apr. 14
I Oregon Portland & Astoria. ... Apr. 14
i Santa Cruz... San Pedro & Way Pts. Apr. 14
) Mariposa Tahiti Apr. 15
: Gaelic China & Japan Apr. 16
j Umatilla Puget Sound Ports.... Apr. 16
Amasls Seattle Apr. 16
Alameda Honolulu .'Apr. 18
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma Apr. 19
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Apr. 19
C!ty Panama. New York via Panama. Apr. 20
i Nevadan..... Honolulu & Kahulul.. Apr. 20
Senator Puget Sownd Ports. ... Apr. 20
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails, Pier.
April 11.
Jeanie Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm Pier 20
Aurelia Astoria & Portland 5 pm Pier 2
April 12. . -
Elizabeth.. Coquille River: 10 am Pier 20
G. W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
April 13.
G. Lindauer Graya Harbor Pier
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Spokane Humboldt 1 30 p Pier 9
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
April 14.
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Ventura. . . . Sydney A Way Pts 2 pm Pier 7
April 15. |
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Arcata ¦ «^>os B. & Pt. Orfd 12 m Pier 13
Alliance Eureka 4: Coos B. ...%¦:. Pier 16
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Centennial. Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier 20
April 16. I '
Korea China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
City Para. . N. Y via Panama 12 m Pier 40
April 17. I
S. Cruz.... San Pedro & Way. 9 am Pier li
Oregon Astoria & Portland 11. am Pier 24
April 20.
Umatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier &
Amasls..... Hamburg & Way. 2 pm Pier 19
. FROM SEATTLE.
• Steamer. For. Sails. (
Alkl ; Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 12
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 13
Dol phln Skagway & Way Ports . Apr. 14
City Seatle... Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 10
Santa Ana Valdez & Way Ports. Apr. 16
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. Apr. 19
Movement of Steamers.
A large number of the big fleet of
steam schooners which have been tied
up here for the past three weeks, owing
to the strike, sailed out over the bar
yesterday. They are all in ballast,
bound to different northern ports to
load lumber. '-'All have cargoes await
ing them. They made a pretty picture
as they passed out through the Golden
Gate In the glimmering sunlight of trio
bright summer's • afternoon. The fol
lowing vessels were in the fleet: Santa
Barbara, W. H. Kruger, Pomo, Santa
Monica, Chehalls, San Pedro, Noyo,
North Fork, Marshfleld, Brunswick
.and Westport. Their captaips, engi
neers and crews were all glad the tie
up was over and that they could go
back again to their peaceful vocations
afteV days of argument and strife.
Added to this largre number of light
lumber: craft that sailed out were the
ships Santa Clara, Indiana and bohe
mia, bound for Bristol Bay, and the
brig J. D. Spreckles and the schooner
Pearl, bound north for the cod fishing
stations.
time she has been at Mare Island undergoing
repairs.
Ovcrdues.
The following vessels are on the Hit for
reinsurance:
Engreihom. 212 days from Phlladelnhia to
Tansan. 10 rer cent.
Lamorna, 43 days from Tacoma to Queens
town, 90 per cent. v
Notre Dame d'Arvor, 26 days from Mauri
tius to New Castle. 10 t>er cent.
Gaetana Casabona. 156 days from New York
to Sydney. 10 per cent.
Masters of all coasting: vessels' arriving in
port during the last three days report that the
ocean, both north and south of this port,. is aa
still' and as ciuiet as a lake. They are unani
mous in statins^ that they have never known
the briny to be so absolutely quiet. Whether
It is a counteraction of the recent furious
gales that have sws.it the tpast, or is the
"lull before the storm" is a question that re
mains to be demonstrated.
Ocean Like a Lake.
Foley Goes to Wilmington.
Captain D. P. Foley of the revenue cutter
service has been ordered to Wilmington, Dela
ware. He will be succeeded here as revenue
cutter purchasing agent by Lieutenant Car
mine. •-,-"¦:
Will Sail to Bristol Bay.
The bark W. W. Case and the ohlo Colum
bia, both belonging to the Alaska salmon
fleet, will sail to-day for Bristol Bay.
NEW YORK— Arrived .-April ¦ 10— StmrySt
Paul, , from ;• Southampton ; '- stmr ,Umbria, from
Liverpool «.nd Queenstown;. stmr.. Brandenburg,
from Brem.en ;i stmr .-. Belgravia. . from Hambifrg ;
stmr Koenigr Albert. v from ' Genoa; ; stmr : Marco
Minghettt, ; trom-. Genoa;::' stmr. -La 'Lorraine,
from -• Havre; i stmry Montevideo. ,' from ? Genoa ;
stmr >Prln»*Oskar,'; from: Genoa. , ¦ . ,
Sailed April. 10 — Stmr Vaderland. for Sotitn.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
HONOLULU— Arrived ¦ f April : 10— Br -stmr
Gaelic from Yokohama. •; for • San ¦¦ Francisco. ; . -
Sailed April ¦ 10— Br stmr Coptic. * for Yoko
hama; •'. Br . stmr : - Moana.': for Brisbane; bark
Santiago, for San Francisco. -. 1 ;¦ .' ;
'.•;¦ Arrived — April 9— Br stmr Moana, from Van
couver; schr Carrie and ; Annie, -froro Samoa.
MAHUKON A— Arrived , April 8— Schr H. C.
Wright '¦ hence > March 12. - .^@8PBliHM
: HILO— Arrived April ; , &— Bark Amy Turner,
hence Harch,15.' - . ¦..--'.-..
ARRIVED.
' " Sunday, April 10.
Stmr G C Lindauer, Allen. 55 hours ffom
Grays Harbor. " «3 ¦ . •
Stmr Elizabeth. Jensen. 40 hours from Co
qullle River. ~
• Stmr Rainier. Hansen, 77 hours from Bel-
HnKham Bay.
Stmr Bonlta. ' Gl«low. 60 hours from New
port, etc.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
. • SAILED.
Sunday, April 10.
Stmr San Pedro. Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr North Fork. ¦ Nelson. Eureka.
Stmr Pomona. Swauson. Eureka.
Stmr Koyo Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Centralia, Ericcson.' Port Los Angeles.
Stmr Senator. Alberts, Victoria, etc.
Stmr Marshfleld. "Dettmera. Fort Bragg.-- ';';.'
Stmr Brunswick. Ellefsen. Fort- Bragg. V;-.^
Stmr ,- Weatport. Smith, Westport. . ,
-• Stmr Jeanle, Downing. Seatttlc. . <
Stmr Maggie. Corning, Halfmoon Bay. >
Stmr Santa Rosa, ¦ Alexander. San Diego. ¦¦'
Ship Bohemia. Whalmon. Bristol <Bay.
Ship Indiana, Bolton, Bristol Bay.
Brlg'J-D Spreckels. Koehler, Sanak.
Ship Santa Clara.' Larsen. ' Bristol ; Bay.
Schr Bender Bros, . Wetiel. Stu3law River.''
Hchr Pearl. Soderholm codflshlng. ~v
'; Schr Fannie Adcle, Felsher. Grays Harbor.
Schr Blakeley.. Bauman. Port Blakeley.
CORRECTION". •
HONOLULU. April 10— Bark Annie Johnson
did not sail yesterday, but Is, still- In port.
. TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. April 10. 10 pm — Weather
hazy; wind calm. 'v r ¦;
DOMESTIC PORT8.
SEATTLE— SalUd April 10— Stmr Dirigo,
for Skagway; ship St Paul, for Chignik Bay.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed -April fr— Schr Metha"
Nelson, ¦ for' 1 San : Francisco; schr 1 Mai y Dodge,
for. Eureka; stmr. Alcatraz. for San Francisco;
schr - Wawona, for -. Port Townsend.
TATOOSH— Passed out April 10— Nor stmr
Tellus '.for 8an Francisco. ¦. '
ASTORIA— 8ailed, April 10— Ital ship Gres
sington. for : Callaot Br s ship ' Thlstlebank. fur
Queenstown; stmr /Despatch, for San Fran
cisco. - " • ¦ ,
•PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April &— Br
ship ¦ Dudhope. ': from Antwerp ¦
. EUREKA— Arrived ; April 10— Schr Golden
Shore, hence April. 2. . .
: Sailed April 10— Stmrs Spokane and Eureka, •
for San Francisco. ' <9)M4S99KSPt3&B?f3i33i!& :
Sailed April 10— Stmr Alliance, tor Astoria.
COOS BAY— Arrived April 10 — Stmr Czarina,
hence April > 8. - ¦' • *.¦¦•:.'-¦ ;
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived Aprir 10— Br ship
Lismore. from. Port .Townsend. .' .. ," V--.^ 1 '*'
:,«: isLAN d ; ports. ;<";
Shipping Intelligence.
WHALING SCHOONER MONTEREY. WHICH SAILED SATURDAY. LAST OF
THE BLUBBER HUNTERS TO GET AWAY. • SHE . IS EQUIPPED WITH A
• NEW GASOLINE ENGINE AND CAPTAIN FOLEY EXPECTS A BIG CATCH.
Mercury High at San Jose.
SAN JOSE, April 10.— This was the
warmest April day experienced here
in many years. The thermometer
touched 90 at 12 o'clock, but a sea
breeze soon afterward reduced the
mark several degrees. The weather
to-night is normal.
ampton and Antwerp; stmr T-ucania, for
Queenstown; stmr Patricia, for Plymouth;
stmr . Marquette, for London; stmr Gallia, for
Marseilles.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 10— Stmr Etru
rla. from New York. _—
NAPLES— Arrived April 10— Stmr Republic,
from Boston, via Punta del Gcrda.
GLASGOW— Sailed April 10— St*r Mongo
lian, for New York.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed April 10 — Stmr
Campania, from Liverpool, for New York, fii
BUT ONE CABINET MINISTER
TO VIEW THE INTERMEN1
Spanish Court Will Not Attend the
Last Rites Over the Former
Queen.
MADRID, April 10.— The Official Mes
senger, which appears to-day with
black borders, merely announces tha
death of former Queen Isabella and
makes no statement regarding the
funeral arrangements.
King Alfonso desires that every hon
or should be paid to the dead, but the
body will not be met at the frontier by
the members of the Cabinet. Minister
of Justice Toca alone will go to El
Escorial, which is twenty-six mile3
northwest of Madrid, for the interment.
Requiem masses will be said simul
taneously at Madrid and Barcelona on
April 12. The Spanish court will go
into mourning for one year.
PARIS, April 10. — The remains of ex-
Queen Isabella, clad in the habit of the
Sisterhood of St.' Francis, were this
morning placed on a catafalque in the
great drawing-room of the Palace Cas
tillo, the late Queen's residence, which
had been converted into a chapelle ar
dente. Only diplomats, French Gov
ernment officials and Spanish notabil
ities were admitted to the palace in th<?
morning. The public was admitted in
the afternoon.
STOCKS IX LONDON
,~%: MARKET IMPROVING
Anglo-French Treaty and Good Labor
Conditions in Africa Cause
Revival.
LONDON, April 10.— The improved
condition of business on the Stock Ex
change continued last week, the lead
being taken^ in American and South
African securities. The latter revived
under the influence of the near pros
pect' of a supply of Asiatic labor. The
conclusion of the Anglo-French colon
ial treaty was another factor which
made for a revival of confidence, it be
ing regarded as further insuring th?
localization of the Russo-Japanese con
flict. The situation in the Balkan
states also 5 displayed a more peaceful
aspect, and taking all these things to
gether the prospect is bright for an end
to the long-standing stagnation.
Almost all the markets participated
in the steady advance in prices, al
though Americans fluctuated consid
erably.
ST. PETERSBURG, April 10.— The
Associated Press has received special
reports from all the Jewish districts of
Russia regarding the happenings * of
Easter Sunday. Up to 2 o'clock this
morning, according to these dispatches,
the Russian Easter passed quietly and
there was absolutely no attempt to
molest the Jews, the provincial Gov
ernors acting: in accordance with in
structions from St. Petersburg. The
faithful execution of the Governor's
orders to the local authorities and the
police prevented the outbreaks which
were feared at Kishenev. the scene of
the disturbances last Easter. There
was not a single case there in which
Jews and Christians were involved.
The Government officials here are
gratified that order has been so gen
erally preserved. The following dis
patches have been received by the As
sociated Press:
Odessa — The day passed off quietly.
There was no attempt at a disturbance
and none was expected. The reports
circulated .of an outbreak at Odessa
are false. , . '
Klshenev— This city has been entirely
tranquil to-day.
Vilna—It is reported that two Jews 1
assaulted a local watchman yesterday,
cutting him with knives. Perfect or
der prevails to-day.
Baltar— This city was tranquil to
day.
Grodna— No attempts were made to
day to disturb the peace.
Vitebsk — There was no disorder of
any kind here during the Easter cele
bration.
Minsk— As usual 1 at Easter there was
some rowdyism here to-day, but It did
not lead to any serious disturbances.
Special Dispatch to The Call
GUAYMAS. Mexico, via Tucson,
Ariz., April 10.— General Luis E. Torres
arid Governor Rafael Ysabel of Sonora
reached Guaymas last night on a spe
cial train from Hermosillo, bearing 120
Yaqui prisoners, captured by Federal
forces after a fight near Santa Rosalia,
in the district of Ures.
Six Taauis were killed and two Mexi
can regulars fatally wounded in the
fight, which was of short duration. The
Mexicans far outnumbered the sav
ages, whom they caught In a trap.
Forty rifles were taken from the 120
prisoners rounded up at La Noria and
taken overland to Hermosillo and
thence to Guaymas. The Indians will
be deported.
Governors Take Careful Pre
cautions and Day Is Quiet
in All Jewish Centers
General Torres and Governor
of Sonora Arrive at Guay
mas With Many Prisoners
POLICE AEE VIGILANT
TRAP FOE THE SAVAGES
of of a
Year Ago in Eussia Was
Feared, but Peace Prevails
Six Mexican Indians Killed
and Two Soldiers Fatally
Wounded in a Battle
TROOPS SLAY
YAQUI REBELS
Weather Report.
<120th Meridian—Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 10—5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as tempered with those of same date last
reason, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours, season, reason
Eurzka 0.00 56.18 43.55
Red Bluff 0.00 27.45 23.U
Facramento o.OO 15.S4 16.54
Han Francisco ". 0.00 19.ftt 18.12
Fresno 0.00 «.«4 ,8.28
Independence 0.O0 2.J»5 • 2.15
Kan Luic Obispo 0.00 13.K0 17.20
Ixj» Angeles 0.00 7.73 16.20
San Diego 0.00 4.00 10.C2
THE COAST RECORD.
I frfiSl s! I
.STATIONS. § || Jf.gS f I
: = £ : • I
. • ? 3 ! : :
Raker 30.10 72 42 NE Clear .00
Carson 2».9G 70 38 NE Clear .00
Eureka 29.«2 74 fi2 W Clear .CO !
Fresno 29.«4 P0 ,VS KW Clear .00'
HE. Farallon.29.RS 7« 55 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 23.90 70 30 NE Clear .00 1
Pocatello 42 i
Independence .30.00 -80 64 E Clear !oi
Jx>s Angeles. ..29.SO 'M 62 W Clear .00
Mt Tamalpais.29.93 77 «2 NE Clear .00
North Head...:;0.10 58 M> NW Clear .00
Phoenix 20.74 S»G CO E Clear .00
Pt Reyes Lt.29.83 R2 C3 N Clear .00
Portland 30.02 80 SO NW Clear : .00
Red Bluff 29.88 SS 58 SE Clear .00
Roreburg 29.98 82 48 NW Clear .00
Sacramento ..29.86 84 58 N Clear .00
Halt Lake 44
Han Franclnco.29.S9 K4 60 NW Clear !o6
San L. Obispo.29.84 82 R2 W Clear .00
Kan Diego 29.B0 7S 58 \V Clear .00
Heattlc 30.16 70 46 NW Clear '-' .00
Spokane 30.08 72*44 W Pt.CIdy .00
Tatoosh 30.16 58 46 E Cloudy .00'
Walla Walla..3O.J06 K0 52 N Clear .(O
Winnemucca ..".0.02 76 38 6E Clear .00
Yuma 29.74 100 66 SW Clear -.00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the country wut
of the Rocky Mountains. The pressure has
fallen slowly over the Pacific elope.
There has been a slight but genera] rise In
temperature over the Pacific slope). Except
along the immediate coast of Washington the
temperatures range from 13 to 2tt degrees above
the normal. >'an Luis Oblspo. Los Angeles and
Fresno report temperatures of 00 or above.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. April 11:
Northern California—Fair Monday; continued
warm; light northerly wind.
Southern California—Fair Monday; continued
warm; ltght northerly wind.
Nevada—Fair Monday: continued warm.
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Monday;
continued warm; light northerly wind.
a. H. WILLSON, Local Forecaster.
EASTER PASSES
WITHOUT RIOT
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; MONDAY, APRIL .< 11, 1901.
Vessels ThatjHave Been Tied Up at San Francisco Docks
for the Last Three Weeks Because of the Strike Depart
fo r Ports Where Big Lumber Cargoes Await Them
FLEET OF STEAM SCHOONERS
SAILS FOR NORTHERN COAST
10
SATLWAY TBAVBL
CALIFORNIA §
LIMITED TO CHICAGO 1
LEAVES DAILY I
*t 9:30 a. m., tbronrh In 3 days. I
with' diner «nd all trapplnra. I
Other Santa P« Trains:
ft-i!ft *• "• \ tor 6tockton. Fresno. Bakerafleld.
s!0O p! m.U Merced - Hanford and Vlaalla.
4 :00 p. m. for Stockton.
8:00 p. m. for Kansas City, Grand Canyon and
• Chicago.
TICKET OFFICES— 641 Market St. and
' Ferry Depot. 8. F. Also Ilia Broad-
way. Oakland. Cal. 37 South First St.,
San Jose. - ' ' '
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
BAXXWAT COMFAITSr.
Tlburoa Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
SAW FKANCISCO TO SAN BAJAEt.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. U:Wf a. m.; 12:3*.
3:30. 6:10. tt:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30- p. xn.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30 11:00 a. m.; 1:30.
8 :30 5 :00. 6 -.20. 11 :30 p. . m.
SAH RAFAEL TO SAN FBAH02SCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:05. 7:35. 7:50. 0:20. 11:15
a. ra.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. b:20 p. in.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:05 and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40.
S:40. 4:55. 5:06. 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect * I Arrlv»
San Francisco.) Sept. 27. 1903. I San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I Deetlna- . I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | . tlon. f days. [ Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a >• : 9:10 a 8:40 a
9:30 a Itrnacio. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30p 3:30p . 6:06 p «:20 p
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:35 p
7:30 a I 9:10a 8:4* a
8:00 a Novato.' 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 6:05 p 8:20 p
5:10 p 3:30 pi and 7:35 p
5:00 p| SanU Rosa. .¦ .
7:30 a I llt:40 a 10:20 a
8:00a] Fulton. [ 7:35 p 6:20 p
8:80 p 8:30 pf ' |
¦ •¦,.'. Windsor,"
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburr. 10:40 a 10:20 a
. Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyaervllle, 7:35 p 6:30 p
' " Cloverdale,
7:30a 8:00 a Hopland 10:40a 10:20a
8:30 p 3:30p| and Uklah. 7:35 p 6:20 p
7:30 a| 8:0»a| Wllllts. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 a] S:00al 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30p|3:30pf Guernevllle. |7:35p|6:29p
7:30 al 8:00 al Sonoma., I 9:10 al 8:40 a
»:10p|S:OOpl Glen Ellen. 16:08 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al : . . 110:40 a|10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:30 p| Sebastopol.. |7:35p(6:20p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for Saa
Quentln, at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs; at Fulton fcr Altrurla and Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
servllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the. Geysers. Boonevilla and Greenwood- at
Hopland for Duncan Springs. Highland Springs
Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad Springs. Soda Bay Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs: at Uklah for Vichy
Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel
Dell Lake, Wltter.Sprlngs. Upper Lake. Poiao
Potter Valley, John Day's. Riverside Llerly-t
Bucknells, : Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville Orr'a
Hot Springs. Halfway Hduse, Comptche. Cams
Stevens. Hopkins, Mendoclno City. Fort Brs«
West" Point, Usal ; at Wlllits for Fort Bragg
Westport, '.Sherwood, Cahto. Covelo, . Layton-
.ville. Cummlngs, Bell's . Springs, -Harris. . Ol-
aen's, ' Dyer,"- Garbervllie,' Pepperwood.. Scotia
and Eurekau»SK6tmMMMBRJw4MaBqi^
' Saturday . to Sunday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. . ._ ." .- . . ;
" .On 'Sunday round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ¦ ¦
..'¦j, Ticket offices, 630 Market street. Chronic!*
buildings '.;¦- . . ,
H. C. -WHITING, R. X. RTAN. -
¦ Con. Maomr. **••». »-— »— *
ABCTION SALES
WILLIAM [ CLOUGH. . Aoctloneer. , • ' -
£*> ' £*
ATtrTTON SALE at ARCADE HORSE MAR-
! KPT^S? SIXTH ST.. WEDNESDAY." April
£, ET .t 11 aTm. I will sell 40 head of «ood
norsel A J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
¦ - irr. STOCK BREEDERS. ATTENTION.
!htft3S M r Sam J Maddoi's registered
ZB*3r Bhorthom cattle have arrired In
Sacramento. Will be ¦old 15°
Auctioneers. ~~*"" *
SAIIWAY TBA VET*.
Jy) i*mH*2fZsr»\ 21 SAN FRANCISCO.
V* \ ' ,j — ¥. — /fl/ Fbom Arm. 10. l»04.
f V^^^^^V/ F*wrr Dxroi «
\^ q * Jyr (Toot or Karkct Street.)
i..^t« - MAJLTQSNE- -amits
~7*0a V.caTiUe. Wlntarj. Ramsey.. .„„ 7.50r ,
7.00a Benlds. 6u!»un. Elmlrs and Sacra-
meato • /.ZUf
7.J0a Vallejo. Kapa, Callstoza, SanU
Row. Martinez, San Bunion «20r
-7.3JU Kllei, LlTermore. Tracy, Lathroa,
Stockton "••• '-20'
8.00a Shasta Exprew— (Via P«t1s>.
Winism* (for Bartleu Sprlaiw).
TTlllows. trroto. Ked Bin*
PortUnd. T»com«, Seattle 7-50p
8.00a D»t1». Woodland, KBlRhU Landing.
Muryiv'Ue. Oroville 7-90r
«.30a rort Coita. Martlne*. Aotloch.
Byron, Tracy. Stockton. law-
man. Los Banot. Mendota.
Annona. Hanford. Vlialla.
Forterrllle .-. • 4.20*
|33* Port Casts. Lathrup. Modesto.
Merced. Fre»no, t*o«hen Jane- "
. tloa. Hanford, Vlsall*. Bakers-
field ---.... 450r
• 30* Kile*. San Jose. LUermore. Stock-
ton, (f Milton), lone, Sacramento,
Placervllle. XlarysTille, Chlco.
• " Red Blnff 420r
t.30A Oakdale. Chinese. Jamestown. 80-
now. Tuolumne and Angel* . 4 .20r
900a AtMnUcRxpresi— Offden »ad Iu^m. 11.20*
9-30* Kichmond, Martlnvz mud way -
Station* ...... *• B-BOP
1000* Tbe Orerland Lhnlted — Ogden,
DeDTer. Omaha, Chicago. *20p
1000* Vallejo 1220?
10.00a Los Anjrelrs P»»»en?«r — Port
Co«:a. Martinez, Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Itayuiontl. Fresno, Goxhea Jddc-
uon. Hanfort, Lemoore, Vlsalla.
BakersUeld. Lo» Angeles Vi2 r
Iz.OOm Hijwiril. Xlles and Way Stations. 3.20p
tl.OQr Sacramento Kirer Steamers- TII.OOp
3^0r Benlcla, TTInters. Sacramento.
Woodland. Knlgbts L»ndlnsr,
MarysvUle, OroTllIe and way
stations
JJ50r HsyTrard.Nlles aad Way Stations.. 7-60p
3.30r fort Cost*. Martinez. Byron,
Tracy, Lathrop, Modesto.
Merced. Berenda. Fre»no and
"Way Sutions beyond Port Costa 1220p
3-30f Yosf mite Valley. Mod.. Wed., Frt. S-20*
3.30T Martlnes, Tracy. Stockton. L»dl... 10-20* -
4C0p •lartlaes.SaaKamon.Valiejo.Kapa,
Callstoga. SanU Rosa 1-20*
4 00p Nile*. Tracr. Stockton. Loil 4.20p
4.30r UaywarJ. Nile*. Irvingtou. Saa I tS.SO*
Jose. Ltrennore I {11.50*.
S.COp Tbe Owl Limited— Kevinu. Los
Banes. Mendoi*. Fresao. Tulare,
Hakert field. Lot Acgelei.
Golden State Limited Sleaper,
Oakland to Los Ansel**, for Chi-
cago, rla C. R. I. ft P. (last trip
April 19) »20a
B-OOr Port Costa. Tracy. Stockton 12-20p
tG iOr ITayward, Kllea aad San Joae 7.20a
S.OOp Hay ward. Nile* and San Jose 3o0*
S42OP Eastern Exarst*— Ogden. Denver.
Omaha, St. Lonls. Chlcaxo and
East. Port Costa. Benicta. Sui-
son, Elmlra, Davla. Sacramento^
Rocklln. Aubara, Colfax,
Truckee. Boca. Reno, Wad»-
worth, Wlanemaeca 6-20p
S.OOp Vallejo, dally, except Snnday.... I ,.«.
74J0r Vallejo, Sunday only f «•»«'
7.C0p Klchsaond. Kan Pablo. Port Costa,
Martlnes and Way Sutions 11.20a
B-C&r Oregon A California Expre*s— 8ao-
ramento, XlarysTille. ReiMlng, •' .
Portland. Paget Sonnd and East. 8.50a
0.1Dp Hayward, Nile* and S»a Jose (Saa-
j daronly) . 11.B0»
COAST LINE (flarrow Uaagsj.
(Foot of Market Street.) ¦
7.45a Santa Cruz Kxcar*:on«Sunday only) 8-10i»
V.16a Kevark, Ceaterrlile. Saa ¦ Jose.
Felton, BocSaer . Creek, Santa
Crtu and Way Stations..... 5-5Sp
2.1 i> Newark. CenterTllle. Saa Jose,
Kew Almidc n.Los Gntot. Felton,
Bonlder Creek. Saata Cruz and
Principal Way SUtlons 1 1 0-55*. .
4-IBp Hewtrt. San Jose, LosOatoa and ) t8.65 «
way station* > tiO 65*
HARBOR FERRY.
rram SAM r'KAMClbCO. Foot or Market St. (Sllpo
t:CO 11:00 a.m. 1.00 3.00 5.15 r.m.
Wnm OAKLAND. Foot of Broadway — 1«:00 J8:(19
i*:03 10:00a.m. 1200 200 4.03 p.m.
COAST LINE < Broad tiaagt). !
PT~ (Third and Townsend Streets.)
6.10* San Jose and Way Stations 630P
t7. 00a Baa Jose aad Way Stations 5.40!"
7.15a Moaterey and Santa Cruz Excur-
sion (Snnday only) 10.30'
8.00a New Almaden (Tors., Frld., only), 4.10?
C-00a Tbe Coaster— Stops only Saa Jose,
Gtlroy (connection for Hoi Ha-
ter). Pajaro. Caatrorllle (con.
nectlon to and from Monterey
and Paeiae Gror»). Salinas. Pun
Ardo, Paao Kobles. Santa Mar-
garita. San Lais Oblspo, principal _
itstlons thence Surf (rona*ctloa
for Lompoc), principal sutlona
thence Santa Barbara,Ss n Bue a v
?entnra, Bnrbaok. Lo« Angeles . 10.45*
•.CO* San Jose, Tres Plnos. Capltola,
SantaCraz.PaclfleGroTe.Sallnas,
Saa Lnis Oblspo and Principal
.„_„ Way StaUon 4.10p
10.30* San Jose and Way Stations 1.2O
11-30* Santa Clarn.-san Jose. Loa Gatos
I'.J- and Way button* 7.30-
J-Scr Ssn Jose and Way Stations 8 38*
•¦ IMf Del Moat* Express— Santa Clara,
San Jote, Del Moate. Monterey.
Pacllc GroTe (connects at Santa
Clara, except Sunday, for Santa
Cruz, Boulder trerk and Narrow '
Gaace Points) at Gilroy for Ilol-
lister, Tres Plaos. at Pajaro for
Santa Cms, at Castrorllle for
Salinas 12.15*
3-30p Tres Plnos War Passen??r 10 4i«
4-30p »-an Wo»e and Way Stations t8 00*
tSOQr- Bants Clara. San Jose. Lo» Oatos,
aad prlncli»al Way Stations (ex-
._ __ ceptSnnday) tS.OO*
|5-30r SanJcsesndPrinclpalWayStatlons (9.40*
6 4»p Sunset Limited.— Ked wood. Saa
Jose, Gllroy.Salina a, Paso Roblea,
San Lais Obtspo. Santa Barbara.
Los Aageles. Deoiina;. El P»»n.
New Orleans. New York. Coa-
neets at Pajaro for Santa Crn«
aad at CantroTllla for Pacite
„ ., _GroTe and Way Stations 7.10*
f8 -1i^ Sat ilateo,Beresford.Belmont,Saa
Carlos, Redwood. Fair Oaka,
_ ¦ „ Menlo Park. Palo Alto J6.484
5 53*" S" n Jpie • nd WaT Sutions 8-38*
J^Op Palo Alto and Way Stations 10.16a
11.30P Soath San Francisco. MUlbrae. Bur-
liBtame. San Matno, Belmoot.
Saa Carlos. Redwood. Fair Oaka,
,« _. . Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto...... 9.45?
•11-30P Mayiield. Mooauin View. Suaay* •
rale, Lawrence. Santa Clara and
SaaJose..
A for Morning. p for Afternoon.
1 Sunday excepted. - J Snaday oaly.
a Saturday oaly, ¦
_l Stops at all sutions oa Sanday.
BrOnlT tralas stopping at Valencia St. sosOjbonal
r-w%!M^V 8^^. 7:!SA - M -' U:MA - M :-' :8 l r «--
TO SAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
mLVALLEY,'
CAZADERO^Etc*
.Via SausaUto Terrr.
' Suburban Service,' Standard Gauge. Electric
Depart from San Francsco Dally 7:00 8-0«
»:00. 10:00, 11:00 a. m.. 12:20, lus. 3:li S : lfl!
fi:15. 6:15. 7:00. 8:45. 10:20, U:« p. £. :
FROM SAN FAFAEL, TO SAN FKANCISCO
—Dally, 5:25, 6:35. 7:40. 8:35. »^5Tii:05 a."
m.. 12:20, 1:45. 2:55. 3:45. 4:45. 4-Ai, ,9 .it
8:45, 10:20 d. m.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAV-
CISCO— DaJy. 5:45. 6:65, 7:52. S'SiVml
11:20 a. m.. 12:35. 2:00. 3:15. 4:03. 5.-S. a^oa!
7:05. 9:00t 10:35 p. m. ¦ - r^
THROUGH TRAINS. 4
8:00 a. m daily— Cazadero and way stations.
*&&•£*?$ . d ta y t?o^ tarday .«-«^
«a 3 t : , 1 o 5 n^ .."• 6 " a^-<^^ro and .„
Sundays only— 10 a. m.. Point Reyas and
way stations -
C, TICKET OFFICE — 620 Market at.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market st.
Mt. Tam alpais Railway
SamFranctoc. f^rfKxrfat^ 9-ftSadK,
wiai Sun- fill '"^ "Sas- tWST"*
Pays, days jrtffTMk day* Da^
•¦«¦ I— *«¦«»¦ 11 irmK»s^iciglal1aTM>ast>
«EWI.\G MACHIXEI ItfP SUPPLIES.
rOU MAKE NO MISTAKE.
But e»t th« bert sewing machine on eartn
when you buy the White. We are dosing
out a lot of new machine* that are slightly
*hop worn at one -half and one-third regular
prices White Sewing Machine Co.. offices
8»>0 Post *t., 1841 Fliimore et.. and 708 Va-
lencla et.
IIENTERS — We have 100 new drop head White
eewlnr machines for rent; quick serrlce;
best machines; telephone Black 1106. White
Sewing Machine Co.. SOP Post ft.
DOMESTIC — The machine for family us*:
beet U cbe&peat; tecond-hand all makes at
an}' price; all kinds rented, lowest rates.
Domestic office. 1021 Market, near Sixth.
Js'EW HOME — See our new trloto-feed ma-
chines; slightly used: 910. $15. S20; smond-
hand. $3. $5. *9; all styles: guaranteed. New
Home Sewlnr Machine Co.. 1031 Market «t.
8TORAGIC AJTP WAREHOUSES.
A— GILliKRT A MOOXE Storage Co.; storage,
packing, shipping warehouse. O. G. and Van
New: offlc* 1286 Market, r. M: ttL South 750.
A — EMPORIUM Storar* & Van Co. ; furniture,
boueehold goods stored, morad, ehlpped. 723-
781 Howard eu. or. Third; phone Grant 161.
PIKRCE-RODOLPH Storage A Moving Co., «(•
flct Post and Powell ett.; teL Prtv. Ex. 671,
COXKLIN'S Storage^ — Furniture and merchan-
dise. 238 Ooiaen Gate ave. ; phone East 126.
GOLDEN Weat Storage; advances made. 849
MJg»lon ft.; tel, Howard 941. T. W. Zehfn— .
PACLFZC 6tor»re and Furniture Moving Oom-
pany. 1520 FUUnore St.; phone Jackson 251.
SEKZKS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
rl: tsl Main HMO Shipping at cut rates.
H'llVfERIXG AAP ITAWMKRIXQ.
MELBOURNE Institute, Van Se» *. Market
promtecs core If ta fair health; hours 1 to fl.
TYPEWmTERS AAP SCP^LlEiL
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remlnston, No. 1
Smith Premier. 126; ether typewriters at
higher and lower prices: rentals J2 SO. The
Typewriting exchange. 636 California it.
A FEW iwod t}-g*writ«rs at $S0 aacfa; get par-
ticulars or L. & XL ALEXANDI2R. 110 Mont-
gomery ft-
n>-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repslred,
Webgter Typewriter Inspec. Co.. SOS Market.
DIVIDEND .NOTICES.
6AN FBANCISCX) and Suburban Home Bulld-
lcg Society, &th floor. Mutual Savings B— ak
buitClng. 708 Market St.. opposite Third —
Kor the half year ending 31st of December,
1908. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of (12) twelve per cent 00
capital stock and participating certificates,
free of taxee. payable on and after SATUR-
DAY. January 2. l»04. JOSEPH A. LEON-
ARD. Manager. HUGH CRAIG, Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — Office of Sierra Railway
Company of California, room 229 Crocker
building. San Francisco, Cal.. April 1. 1904.
t'oupon No- 14. due April 12. 1904. from first
mortgage 6 per cent bonds of Sierra Railway
Company of California will be paid at the
fiscal agency of this company, the Crocker-
Woolworth National Bank, on and after that
date. S. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
r>IVTT>END NOTICE— THE GIANT POWDER
COMPANY. Con.— A dividend. No. 64. of fifty
rents <50c) per chare on tht Issued capital
ftoek of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, rooms 202.
204 and 206 Hayward building. San Francisco.
on April 11 1904. Transfer books close April
4. 1C04. at noon. C. C. QUINN. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
TOOPOSALS for coal— Office of General Super-
intendent Army Trar*ix>rt Service, San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. April 8. 1S*O4. Sealed proposals
in triplicate for furnishing and delivering at
Honolulu. H. T.. four thousand 6ix hundred
tone, average »team coal, subject to twenty
l*r cent increase or decrease, will be re-
ceived at this office until 4 p. m.. April 2S,
1SHH. and then opened. Information fur-
nished on application. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals thould be indorsed. "Proposals
lor Coal for Honolulu." and addressed to C.
A. Devol, General Superintendent.
JFAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. March 14. 1904 —
Sealed proposals in triplicate will be re-
ceived here until 11 o'clock a. m.. April 14,
1904, and then opened, for construction of
Irame subsistence storehouse at the Infantry
Cantonment. Presidio of San Francisco. Cal.
Government retervep the right to reject or
accept any or all bids in whole or in part.
Information furnished on application to Wit
B. PATTEN, Assistant Quartermaster Gen-
eral. Chief Q. M.
CUSTOM-HOUSE. San Francisco. . March 31.
19<>4. — Notice — Certain goods remaining one
year in bonded warehouse will be sold at
public auction at the United States Apprais-
er's store on April 26. 19O4. at 10 o'clock
a. m Descriptive catalogues can be had st
the Cfcstom-hou*e on April 18. 1904. or at the
time and place of sale. F. S. STRATTON.
¦'ol lector.
EIRTHS— MAERIAGES— DEATSS.
DLED.
Adams. Catherine Kayeer. Elmer C.
Arrambide. John B. King. Johanna
Hau«r. Carl F. Klein. Mary E.
JWnhard. William I^owrj'. WHJiam J.
Brady, John Martinez. Joseph W.
Brock, Paul McDonald. Thos. F.
Brown. MIcha«l UcGoldrick. John
Hulllt, Annie E. McNamee. William
Burke. John Meehan, Rose
Bums, Samuel H. ; Meyer, August H.
Oyne. Mary Kice. Jame*
I>rt?w, Bertha C. S-'hemanski. Julius
Finsterbusch, C. G. Sullivan. Ellrabeth
Klsher, Francis H. Von Buchhoitz, Marie
Kallenberg, Theodore Welch, James
ADAM!?— In this city. April 10. 19O4. Cath-
erine Adams.
C7 Remains at the parlors of N. Gray &
Co.. S57 fcuttcr street.
ARRAMBIDE— In this city. April 10. 1904.
John' B.. beloved husband of Grace Arram-
bide. and father of Mamie and Olympia
Arramb'.dc. a native of France.
tETFriendn are invited to attend the
funeral nervier to-morrow (Tuesday), at
h*lf past nine o'clock at the French Church,
where a *o(emn requiem high mass wilr be
• •clebrated for the repose of hi* «a>ul. Inter-
ment private. Please omit flowers.
BAUER— Id this city. April 10. 1904. Carl F..
beloved husband of the late Thercta Bauer,
and father of Mrs. Pauiine Westo.rfold. Mrs.
Nicho'.aus Epling, Mrs. J. Ilallmeyer Mrs.
C W. Tledt and Adolph C. and William F.
fteuer. h native of Germany, aged 7a years
3 months and 6 days.
EERNHARD— In this city. April 10 1904.
William Bcrnhard. beloved *on of Henry anJ
Sophie Berahard. snd beloved brother of
.Ichn .!. Bertihard. Mrs. Frederick Han and
Mrs. H&rry Starinacker. a. native of Missouri.
C^Notice of funeral hereafter.
BRADV— In this city. April J< I»04. John
Brady, beloved son of the late James and
Margaret Brady, and brother of the late,
.lames and Margaret Brady, and cousin of
Mre. Bella Levy, a native of Han Francisco
aged SO years 4 months and 9 days.
BROCK— In this city. March 3L 1904 Paul
Brock, eon of the late Charles C. and Mar-
garet A. Brock of Philadelphia. Pa. a na-
me or Pennsylvania, agtd 50 years 2 months
and 22 day*.
C^Kriends ead acquslntam-es aro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
• Monday*, at 2:30 o'clock, from the cha^tl
of Cfcarlf* H. J. Truman & Co.. 1009 Mis-
sion street, between Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
Interment Cypress La^wn Ometery. by elec-
tric funeral car from Eighteenth and Guer-
rero ttreets.
BROWN— In this city. April 10. J904. Micharl.
beloved husband of the late Mary Brown,
and devoted father of Daniel. Josle and Mar-
guerite Brown, a native of County Cor!:,
lrriand.
CyFriends and acquaintances are re»;p<»ct-
Tully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Tuesday I. at 8 o'clock, from the parlor* of
J. C. O'Connor A- Co.. 767 Mission tstreet,
thence to St. Teresa's Church, where, a '
rrquiera high mass will be celebrated for !
tl«e repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Inter- !
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BULLIS— In this city. April 0, 1904. Annie E
wife of Edward A. Bullls. mother of Mrs!
Emery P. Gates, Mrs. Reuben W. Hills Mrs
Andrew H.. Irving and Edward A. Bullis
Jr.. and eirter of Alfred II. Cables, a native
or Rockland. Maine.
CTFuneral and Interment private. Please
oralt flowers.
BURKE— In this city. April 10. 1904. John,
beloved husband i)t Sarah Burke and lovir.g
father of John. Sadie. Joseph and the la'e I
Philip Burke, a. native of County Roscom- !
mon. Ireland, aged 52 years.
BURN'S— In this city. April 10. 1904 Samuel
Homer, beloved son of George II. and Rena
Burns, a native of San Francisco aged' 1 i
day. j
CLVXE- In Benicia. Solano County Sundav
April 10. 1&C4. Man- Clync. beloved Wife of
Jemes tjyne. and mother of Rev Father
Bertrand Clytie. O. P.. Joneph. " Thrre«a
vtiarles and Emily Clyne and Mrs. p c I
L>"noh * 'i ¦ 4
CTThe funeral will take place on Tuesday
morning from her late residence thence to I
St. Dominic's Church, where * a colemn
requiem mass will be sung for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock.
DREW— In this city. April 9. 1904 Bertha
Cedonla, beloved wife «>f George u'Drew a
native of St. Louis. Mo., aged 19 years 4
months and 23 days. (Tulare papers please
copy.) _ r
tyFrlends and acquaintance? are resnect-
>ully Invited to attend the funeral .to-morrow
(Tuesday). April 12. at .1 o'clock, from the
I>artorr of McAvoy & Co... 1233 Market etreet
war Ninth. Interment ¦ Mount Olivet Cem-
etery- ;
IJNETnRBUSCH— In Oils city. April, 8 1004.
Charles G.. beloved husband of Bertha' Fins-
terbusch. father of Otto. Louis and Juliue
Dniterbusch. and uncle of Mrs. William B.
Ccmetock. a native of Osohat*. Koenlcrelch,
Eachtm. Germany. ac«d 76 years 7 months
and 12 days. (St. Louis. Mp.. papers pleas*
copy.)
G^Fi-Iends and acquaintances at* respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). April 12. at 12 o'clock, from the
parlors of H P. Suhr A Co.. 1187 Mission
street between Seventh and Eighth, thence
to St. Johannes' German Evangelical Luth- ,
eran Church Twenty-second street, between
MIffIoti and'Howard, where services will ba
held commencing at 1 o'clock. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
FISHER—In Alameda, Cal.. April 8, 1904,
Francis Hook Fisher, beloved husband o:
Margaret E. Fisher, father of Kdwln O.
iTsber of San Francisco. Alfred F. Fisher of
Alameda, Frank J. Fisher of Vajlelo end
the late Anna "Whitney of Nashua, N. H. f
and stepfather of Mrs. Ida Hudson of San
Francisco and Mrs. Ella Garwood of Han-
ford, a native of Nashua, .N. H., aced 78
years 2 months and 3 days. (Nashua, N. H.,
papers please copy.)
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Jnvlted to attend the funeral services
Monday. April 11. at 1 o'clock, at his late
residence. 434 Central avenue, Alameda. In-
cineration Oakland.
KALLnxnEUG —In this city. April 10. l»04.
Theodore Kallenberg. beloved husband of
Mar)' Kallenberg. and father of Mrs. M.
Murray. Mr*. Adeline Collins and Theodore,
Joseph, Albert and Josephine Kallenberg, &
native of Switzerland, aired 70 years 4.
months and 17 days.
SATSER—In this city. April 8, 1904, Elmer
Charles, dearly beloved son of Charles and
Lena Kayaer. and beloved brother of Eva K.
and the late Ruble L. Kayser, a native of
Ban Francisco, axed 1 year 9 months and 23
days.
CTTrienfls and acquaintances are respect-
fully tnrltrf to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 11 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 381 Hayes street, near Gough.
thence to St. Boniface's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KZKG —An anniversary requiem high mess ;
will be celebrated at St. Joseph's Church.
Tenth street, to-morrow (Tuesday), at 10
o'clock, for the repoeo of the soul of the late
Mrs. Johanna Kins. Friends and acquain-
tances are respectfully invited to attend.
KLEIN —At rest In this city. April 8- 1904,
Mary E.. dearly beloved wife of Theodore Q.
Klein, and loving mother of Marie Klein, a
native of Indiana aged 29 years. •
C7"rhe funeral will take place this day
(Monday> at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1130A Filbert street, between
Leavenworth and Hyde. Interment private.
Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
LOWRY —In this city. April 10,' 1904. ¦William
John, beloved husband of Isabella Glendln-
ning Lowry, and father of Nellie M. Lowry,
Mrs. Milan Soulc and Agnes and William G.
Lowry. aged 78 years and 8 days.
CTFuneral services will be held at his
late residence. 84S Van Ness avenue. Tues-
day. April 12. at 11 o'clock. Interment
private.
MARTINEZ—In this city. April 8. 1904.
Joseph Wethered Martinez, youngest son of
Henry and Lewina Martinez.
McDONALD—In this city. April 10. 1804.
Thomas Francis, beloved father of Mary
E. McDonald, and beloved eon of
' Julia and the late Thomas McPonaM, and
cousin of Mrs. J. J. Casserly. Mrs. J.
Cauley. Mrs. J. McKean and Nora and Wil-
liam Murphy, a native of j San Francisco,
aged 29 years and JO days.
C7Remain« at parlors of McFadden. Me-
Brearty & Green. 1171 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth.
MeGOLDRICK—In the City and County Hos-
pital. April 10. 1904, John McGoldrick. a
native of Ireland, aged 52 years.
McXAMEQ —In this city. April 10. 1904, Wil-
liam, dearly beloved son of Sarah and the
late Patrick McNamee. and brother of Mrs.
G. Murray. Mrs. J. Gibbons. Thomas and
Sadie McNamee and the late Edwin and
John McNamee. and Mrs. May SutUn, a
native of San Francisco, aged 23 years.
MEEHAK-In this city. April 10. 1904, at her
residence. 1558 Fifteenth street. Rose, be-
loved wife of George Meehan. and mother
of Andrew. James, Patrick and George
Meehan Mrs. O. Ganzert. Mrs. J. Dwyer,
Mrs. Clark and the late Michael Meehan
and Mrs. H. Ganzert. a native of County
Donegal. Ireland, aged C2 years.
METER—In this city, April 8, 1904, August
H.. beloved sen of Mr. A. and Mrs. J.
Meyer, and brother of Louis. Eugene, Hugo
and Arthur Meyer, Mrs. J. Hermann. Mrs.
Gus Hotop and the late Edla and Antone
Meyer, a native of Germany, aged 40 years :
10 months snd 5 day*. A member of Musi-
cians' Mutual Protective Union. (Seattle pa-
pers please copy.)
CTFrk-nds and acquaintances aro respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of Iaccheri, L>uelos & Co., 629
Broadway, between Dupont and Stockton
streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
RICE—In tills city, Aj.rll 9. 19C4. James Rice,
beloved husband of the late Delia Rice, and
father of Addie Rice and Mrs. Julia Freder-
icks, a native of Ireland, aged 55 years.
(T7Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
< Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from, tbe parlors
of J. C O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. 1
thence to St. John's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Oofs Cemetery.
EHEMANSKI—In this city. April 10. 1904,
Julius Shemanski dearly beloved husband
of Gussie Shemanaki. beloved father of Mrs. (
Alfred Fhemanski and Samuel and the late |
Harry Shemanski. and beloved brother of
Harris Isidore, Joseph. Alfred and Augusta
Fhemanski and Mrs. Sarah Goodman, a na-
tive of Poland.
CTTunerai notice hereafter.
SULLIVAN—In this city. April 10. 1904,
Elizabeth Man*, beloved ¦ wife of John J.
Sullivan and mother of Thomas B.. Emma.
(i. Elizabeth F., Grace M.. John J. Jr..
James F., Harry E. and William Sullivan. .
a native of New Orleans, aged 55 years 5
months and 1 day.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
April 12. at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 145«t Sacramento street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
tnaFs will be celebrated for the repose of her
feoul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Inter-
mpnt In Holy Cross Cemetery, by electric
funeral car.
VON BUCHHOLTZ—In this city. April Jf>.
J904. Marie von Buchholtz, dearly beloved
sister of Mrs. Robert "Wendenburg. a native
of Germany.
WELCH—In this city. April 10. 1904. James
Welch.* beioved husband of the.late Isabella
Wflch. and beloved father of George, Arthur
and Klorenre Welch and Mrs. J. Madden,
and brother of Mr*. J. Crowley. a native of
Rome. N. T.. aged 56 years. (Rome, N. T..
paprs please copy.)
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
«TucFday). at 10 o'clock, from the under-
taking parlors of Theodor Dierks. S3" Mission
Mrcct. thenoe to St. Paul's- Church fOr
•services. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.PHILADELPHIA. April 10.—Col
o*hel Charles H. Page, formerly a
member of the board of review of the
National Trotting Association and well
known to turfmen throughout the
« ounlry. died here to-day of heart dis
ease, aged 70 years.
Xoted Trotting Horseman Dies.
OAKLAND, April 10. — The St.
.Mary's College baseball nine defeated
the Olympic Arms team to-day. Score,
6 to 0. Ferguson, the college pitcher,
had the visitors at his mercy. They
made only two hits off him. The bat
teries were: St. Mary's — Ferguson and
Ryan; • Olympic Arms — Brock owitz
and Ganse.
CoIIpsc Men Successful.
Another Victory for Santa Clara.
SAN JOSE r April 10.— -Santa Clara
College defeated the St. Vincent Col
lege of Los Angeles at baseball -this
afternoon by the score of . 1 7 •- to 3.
Score:
Santa Clara 17 17 3
St. Vincent 3 6 5
Batteries — Green and McKune; Lane; Fltx
wliliams and Campbell.
George Jamt s 21 — 16— SI
Louie Levy 16— 21— 16
. Preliminary, to the big game, -George
James, one of the best, players In the
city, tried out Louis Levy, a, promising
player.; James won the first game,
after.a hard tussel. Levy captured the
.second one and the third. was exciting
toward the last. James led and had 16
points \o Levy's 1, when the latter
pulled himself together and rolled up
15 points. The heat and exertions told
on Levy, and James won out. "Both
players left the court in' an exhausted
condition. The scores were: .' '
Kcsn and Majrutre. . .............. . .• 21— 21— 21
KHzgeiald and Hampton. ........... l!>— 10— 16
Handball Champion Mike Egan and
Midgy Maguire . defeated James Fitz
gerald and Al Hampton, the coast
champion^ three straight games yester
day afternoon at the Olympic Club. As
an exhibition of handball it was inter
esting and the big crowd present en-
Joyed the games. Egan showed great
ability to •kill" with his left and many
of his drives with that hand created
astonishment. Fitzgerald was suffer
ing from a, bad "mit" and did not do
himself Justice. Hampton played his
best and was applauded for his efforts.
Maguire showed good form and was of
great help to the champion.
Egan may be selected to coach the
Olympic Club players. The amateurs
are appealing to the Board of Directors
to appoint Egan. and . If he is given
the place, the members expect to devel
op into first-class players.
IL%XDBALL CHAMPIOV PLAYS
IX AX EXHIBITION' GAME
Racing officials for the spring meet
ing of the Worth Club are approved
as follows: John F. Morse, 1 " presiding
Jud»?e; W. H. Richardson, associate
judge; William Murray, starter. .
' 1
CHICAGO. April 10. — The , contro
versy over racing dates, which threat
ened for a time to put a stop to racing
in Chicago this season, was satisfac
torily settled to-day and the Worth
track will open on the 30th inst. Ac
cording to the agreement Worth will
accept the dates awarded by the West
ern Jockey Club this year. As a
recompense for this action by the
Worth officials they are to be awarded
more satisfactory racing dates next
year.
Controversy Wliirfi Thi-catrned for a
Time to Stop Chicago Racing
Is Settled.
WORTH RACING OFFICIALS
ACCEPT PROFFERED DATES
The members of the rian Francisco
FlycastinK Club found conditions to
their liking at « Stow Lake yesterday
and some good scores were made in
the distance event. J. B. Kenniff
proved the star performer of the day,
sending out 112% feet of line. H. C.
Golcher was a close second, with 111
feot. The detailed scores of the day
folk-w: , . - . ¦
C > Delicacy. ~
I i\ _£ %l I J
I il H ?! 3 i
CONTESTANTS = j5 "o5; [j* Z
C O. TounB K2 IS8.4]88. 8,87. C S8.1 S1T7
F. H. Reed 87 i»1.4jj» i»5 94 (60
J. O. Harron (S3. 4 73.8177.6 75.7 |....
H. B. Sperry. .. 87 84 87.4!S»O 88.8
J. ii. Kenniff.. 112.6'91.4 93. 8|8». 2 31.5 j03.
C. R. Kenniff.. 03 J91.4I87.H »6.8 32.2 95.0
G. V.'. Lane .*... .... |94.4f»5 J94.8
Charle* Huck.. R8 • |93.4 83. 8i85.10j87. 9 ....
Kd Everett »«. 6 92.8 «2. 4190.10,91. 7
F. M. HaiKht.. 78 81 179.6 79.2 79.5
H. C. Golcher.. Ill (91.8 86.8 91.8 S9.2
A. Pi>erry 74 M.8;85.4 H8.4 K8.10....
G. H. Fouiks... K3 85 JS7.8I87.6 87.7
T. C. Klerulff..| 80 92.8i90 - ]SS.4 89.2 85. 6
RE-ENTRY.
F. H. Reed 82 I... 1 1
F. M. Haight.. 70 - S8.4 89 86.8 |87.1O
J. O. Harron.. 77.4 70.10 74.1
G. H.: Fouiks... SI 88.892.485 K8.8
T. C. Kierulff.. 74.6JW0 86 90 88
Ed Everett J90 ....
H- C. Oolcher.. 89.4
H. B. Hperry.^, 88.8
A. S. fiperry...". 83.4 .."
C. R. Kenniff.. I 94 ....
X B. Kcnniff and H. C. Golehcr
MaL-e High Scores in the
Distunes Event.
IIA'CASTERS PERFORM ' .
CLEVERLY AT STOW LAKE
Medal event, handicap — McConnell ehot at
27, broke 21; Donohoe shot at 27, broke 23;
H. Klevesahl shot at 28. broke 20; Walpert
shot at 24, broke 22; Hansen shot at 28. broke
22; Leary ehot at 28, broke 23; Burns ehot 'at
27, broke 20; Forster shot at 25. broke 23;
Wood ehot at 27. broke 18; Nauman shot at
25. broke 25; E. Klevesahl shot at 25, broke 22;
Murdock shot at 26. broke 23; Fisher shot at
26. broke 22; Williams shot at 27, broke 18;
Flnnle shot at 2S broke 18; Patrick shot at
27. broke 22; Wollam shot at 27. broke 23;
Hutton ehot at SO., brbke. 14; Daniel shot at
26, broke 25; Jacobson shot at 27, -broke 18;
Dutton shot at 27. brbke 16; Masterson shot
at 26. broke 21; Hoyt shot at 20, broke 22;
Petrie shot at 26, broke 22; Slade shot at 26,
broke 22; Frahm shot at 27, broke 16; Shreve
ehot at 28. broke 19; Grtmm shot at 28, broke
22; Hodapp shot at 26, broke 21; Plsanl shot
at 26, broke 23; Buller shot cit 30, broke 21;
Iverson shot at 26. broke 19; Sylvester shot at
26. broke 24; Halcht ehot at 26. broke 2G; Tur
ner shot at 30, broke 8; ,Robertson shot at 25,
broke 20; Daniels shot at 26, broke 25; Nauman
shot at 25 -broke 19; Haigbt shot at 26, broke
24. Iverson shot at 25, broke 22.
Fourth event, ¦ handicap — Daniels shot at 21,
broke 10; Knick thot at 24, broke Vi; Hoyt
shot at 20, broke 13: Murdock - shot at 21,
broke 19: Mastercon shot at 21. broke 16; Ja
cobson shot at 22, broke 11: Forster. ehot at
20, broke 19; -Wood shot; at. 22, broke t la ; Rob
ertson shot at 20. broke 17; Frahm shot at 22
broke 18; Nauman shot at- 20. broke 19; e!
Klevesahl shot at 20, broke 16; Hutton ehot
at 25. broke 10; Slade shot at 21, broke 19;
Burns shot at 22, broke 15; McConnell shot at
22. broke 20; Fisher «hot at 21, broke 14; Dono
hoe shot at 22. broke 15; Patrick shot at-22,
broke 10: Haight shot at 21; broke 17; Fisher
shot at 25. broke 7. . ¦ . " ¦ - . . . .
Union Gun Club, club event — Green 9. Hutton
11, Jacoboen 1U, Muller 21. Murdock 2.1 KnU'k
17. FJsiira 18. PM*w» 22, Burn»-17; Kobcr^on
24, Patrick 1». Leary Z2, Kodap> 2» # Grrmm 23.
Muller 14. H. Klevesahl 15, Turner 10. Halght
21, Llcbert 15. Walsh 10. Barber 13, Iverson
21. G. Sylvester 21 Mitchell 21. Daniels 21,
Wood 10, Fomtter 23, Slade 21. Hoyt 22, Wal
pert.19, C. Nauman 24, Dr. Hanscn in, Mas-'
terson 20. Laury 16. Pluani, 22. E. Klevesahl 2.'i,
O. FiEher 21. McConnell*.17. D^nohoe IS. XV.
Schreve 18. Dutton IS. Flnnle 16. Williams 17.
White 11. Duller 12, Gross 7, Frankel 11, Wol
lam 19.
The Union Gun Club held Its second
ehoot of the season yesterday at the
Ingieside traps. 'Some good scores
were made at the bluerocks. Despite
the hot weather some fifty, guns were
at -the grounds. In the shoot for the
first class medal Daniels, Haight and
Kauman tied for first honors. In the
6hoot-off Daniels won by a straight
score, Haight broke 24 and Nauman
19. Scott Leary won the second class
medal/ The following are the scores:
for the First Class Medal at
Inglesidc.
Daniels Is the Victor in the' Shoot
GUX MEN* MAKE GOOD
SCORES. AT THE TRAPS
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
w. l. Pet. ] - xv; l- Pet.
Los Angeles. 12; 4' .730 Seattle ....'. 6; B< .400
Oftkland ¦. . . :.12 4 .750 San.- Fran.'.'. 6 10 .389
Tacoma .... 0 6 \6C0,Portland -...;. 2 14. .125
Oakland got away wlth ; one yester
day and u the other \vas*a; tie.- This
makes six in. a straighMine for Peter.
Portland could,, not*. land .once.;; . They
might have turned two', tricks 'yester
day, but. bad playing put the queer, on
them in the. morning 'game. . . Then the
.umpire was, not . working right in the
afternoon session, and ; when', an ' um
pire.is not right the, under dog la al
ways In wrong. Scores: Morning, 2 to
2; afternoon, 6 to 5. ' \ '
i The afternoon game might not have
been a bona fide exhibition of the peer
less ! national, pastime; -but it was a
hoadliner for excitement and -a • peach
for', the umpire. ,: Every.- one j iri. ; the ' lot
swore that McCarthy made , arrange
ments with Lohman whereby he might
have the game for his own! -At*- all
events," two bad decisions turned the
trick and allowed Peter to gallop away
at the finish.. V : , '
The first overlook on the part^of the
umpire came to. pass irt round one. It
was then the Oaklanders" commenced
to hit some and the 'webfooters
began to play some bad baseball and
the umpire commenced by making, a
bad decision. Ganley . opened M^v up
with'a sizzler to the left for two bases."
Francks hit over short and Ganley
halted at bag three. Kruger popped
up a" delicious pop fly to Mr. . Castro,
and the. $1220 kid let it glide through
his. mitts ever so. softly*,"
* UMPIRE IS MOBBED.
Ganley made a dash for the plate
and Castro recovered the ball and
whipped it home nicely. Shea got it
five" feet from the rubber and surely
tagged Ganley. But McCarthy^ said
"nixey," and oh, such a holler! You
could hear those youths and those men
and those women yell and rage eleven
blocks away. The Portlanders gathered
around the umpire and it looked like
him for a wallop" in the jaw, but peace
wag finally the order and the fun com
menced once more. Francks and Kru
ger pulled off a double .. steal, and
Francks landed at the rubber .when
Freeman allqjved Schafly's pop fly" to
drop unmolested in back of first. •
Solitude reigned till the second, when
Oakland came through with. two more.
Schmidt solved,wne,andisent^lt" out to
center /on the 'run. "Ganley ; was hit
by the pitcher and Francks : responded
with a three-cushion clout to the flag
pole that ' chased both runners . all the
way around. •- y'. , > ' ¦-
. Portland was not all In.: The' husky
swingers gave Mr^Schmidt a reception
in that third inning that -savored of
the real dope. Shea commenced the
fun by beating out a bunt. Shields
tore off a double over first, and 'when
Nadeau; placed a hot single to center
and scored both men 'it was great to
hear the multitude" yell. Nor did. it
stop there, for Castro tripled and Beck
doubled .right away.and . the score - was
a tie before any one know what was
doing. , • *
ANOTHER BAD-DECISIOX.
In the next inning Mr. McCarthy
double-crossed the tail-enders once
again. Schmidt tapped for two bases
and Ganley hit one to Francis. The
latter fielded the ball well and threw
to first. The runner looked out by a
block, but McCarthy decided in favor
of the plaintiff, and then the roar was
once more raised and this time with
a true: vengeance.
It was awful to see the crowd and
the players go to that umpire. / Any
one could have pitied him.\ But he had
made his decision, and .: that was all.
Frahck's long fly to right field allowed
Schmidt to register, and IKruger's
beautiful triple' to center put Ganley
over the Jumps with the last tally, of
the day for Oakland.
It looked like another big rally, for
Portland in the sixth," but the northern
stars quit after making a run with the
aid of Freeman's single over third "and
Shea's hair-raising two-bagger out
past Dunleavy.
Portland should really have lost the
game on account- of the •• awful work
that was performed In the field. -Pop
flies went for hits right along and all
kinds of dummy plays were pulled off.
Both pitchers, got their wallopings In
every inning, but if McCarthy had'de
cided both the close : plays in Port
land's favor, j Oakland would certainly^
have been beaten to the finish. The
score: / .
Oakland — 1 Portland —
AB. R. H. P.A. • -"- ¦ ¦ • « •-. AB. R. H. P.A.
Ganley.rf 3 3 3 2 0|Drenn,cf 4 0 0 4 0
Frncks.sa 5 13 6 2:Nadeau.lf 5 - 1 3 2 0
Kruger.lf 4 . 0 1 . 1 0|Castro.s.. 5 1. 1 2 0
Dunry,cf4;0 1 4 0:Beck,2b.. 4 0 1.2 2
Schfly,2b 4 0 ,'i 1 -5 Freem.lb 4 114 1
aancy.lb 4 0 1 a .0 Francl.Sb 4 0 Oil
Bevere,3b 4 ' 1' 1 : 0 3 McCree.rf 4 0 110
ohman,c 4 0 0 4.2 Shea.c. . . 3 1272
Schmdt,p 4 2 3 0 4 Shlelda.p 4, 12 ;1 1
Totals 20 .6 15 27 16 '.Totals 37- 6 11 24 "7
RUNS AND. HITS BY INNINGS. ; ; -
Portland ........ 0 0 4. 0,0 1 0 ,0 \0—. 5
Bas* hits...... 1- 0; 5- 1 1 2 0 0 1—11
Oakland ..2 2 0 2 - 0 0 0 0 x— 6
Base hits...... 3 2 2-32 2 O'l x— 15
SUMMARY.
Stolen bases -r Ganley ' (3), Devereaux.
Francks. Nadeau : (2). .. Errors — Castro (2),
Scr-afly. Kru»fer, Clancy. Th ree- base hits—
Francks. Kruger. - Two-ba8e 'hiU — Ganley.
Sh'.elds. 'Castro.' 'Beck,:: Dunleavy, Schmidt,
Shea, , Clancy. First ' base : on errors— Oakland,
1 ; Portland,- 1. .- First base, on called balls-
Off Schmidt. 2: off Shields, 1;- Left on bases-
Oakland/- 5; Portland. - S.«<. Struck-.;, out — By
Schmidt, 3; by Shields. .5^' Hit by pitcher— '
Ganley. Double .plays — /tancks • to Clancy."
Lohman- to- Francks,.. Beck. to Freeman. - Time
of game— One. hour and fifty minutes. .Umpire
— McCarthy.-«BB9BH^*; .'. V,
Slornins Game a* f Tie.
, Portland carrie nearer to winning the
¦ morning game at Oakland than atT any
'other; time^this week? I But for) Cas T
tro's error in the' ninth, lnning/i it would
have? been curtains I with:' Oakland.^ ;It
was' close, and from, the
of time, v -A r record-breaklngVi throng
was ' out ; to ; yell \ tor- Pete ; and his colts.
The /score: 'J\yy;/i-'-'. i r Z'. : .'^'.J. .'¦' /* •;;> : ';':S; : -'"
Portland—' ' .Oakland— •.'.";-,' i;
. • AB.R. H. P. Alt t* AB.R. H. V P.A."
Drrian.cf.H >0/0 4 l!Ganl".: rf..'l- 0 0 10
Ndeau, lf.3 ;0 014: 0 Fincks.^B.4 1 -\ \'{.\ .4
Castro. 8.4. 1 :0 .0,4 Krugr., lf.4 02-50
Beck. 2b. .4 .1 1 ? Ot 4 Dnn-y.vcf.3 0 0^2,0
Frmn, lb.4 o; 2 14. O-Clncy.lb.4 1 1 ' 9 0
Frnei»53b.4 0 1.-0 4 »Urelb/2b.4iO 0&2 2
ll'Crd'l, rf.3 .0 0,0 3b.4; O : 0 0 2
Shea,";C4 0 2 5'. 0 Boetgr,,;c.3 0. 0 4 3
Druhot, p.4 p 0 f t l r -',0,; 2 Mskmn. p.2-. Of. 1 > 0_; 4
. Totals 33' 2 r 7.27. 15|. '.Totals. 31': 2 5 27 15
The .class singles tennis tournament
attracted many spectators to "the park
courts yesterday. The tournament was
completed " with the exception ot the
finals in the third class.
Prunimbnd MacGayin 'and Neil ''Ba
ker, the players who 'will represent the.
University of California next' Saturday,
carried^ off the honors. MacGavln won
the first class land Baker the^second.
The final match in each case "was much
too ; . one-sided) to \ prove ¦".." interesting.
Allen was in poor form and was' no
match for MacGavin, who had I one of
his good days.' Baker completely out
classed Foley and should -play In the
first, class In future. ; •
MacGavin^and George Baker.fur
nished the best match. - MacGavin had
the first set to his credit and a lead of
4-3 in the second.:; Baker won the sec
ond set and put up a* good fight in the
third. Neil Baker and Herbert Long
played the best match .in- the. second
class. Long won the first . set easily,
but as usual in tournament play, went
to pieces in the next two. All he needs
is experience to .win the second class.
In the third class Harold Gabriel and
J. R. Lewis reached the "finals. The
latter was unable to ¦ play" in the after
noon and the match . was postponed
until next Sunday morning. , .;
¦ The scores follow:
First class — J D. MacGavln beat G. Baker,
8-0, 7-9, 6-4; MacGavln beat C. Grlffln. . 7-5,
6-2. Finals^-MacGavln beat Will Allen, .6-1,
6-0, 6-2.
Second class — H. Long beat" N. Ambrose,
7-5. 6-2; N. Baker beat Long, 2-6. 6-0, 6-2: C.
Foley beat Mann, 6-1, 1-6, 6-1. Finals — Barker
beat Foley, -6-3, 6-1. 6-0. '
Third class — R. Drolla boat H. Gabriel. 10-8,
1-0, 6-3; J. Lewis beat W. McDuffy, 6-1, 6-4;
Drolla beat Lemon, 7-5, 4-G,.' 0-4.
•The California Club* players foupd it
too hot to play until late in the after
noon. --Tracy Crawford and -Grant
Smith furnished the best match. The
Professor was a trifle off at the start,
but played well in the last. two sets.
Smith .was a' .trifle too strong for his
opponent and won all three sets.
The following matches 'were played
H. Spring beat E. Robbins.* 6-3, 4-6, 7-5: B.
Wood beat P. Frlszelle. 6-4;- W. B. Collier beat
C. Smith, 6-4. 0-6, 6-3; R: Daggett beat Lyn
don. 6-3, 6-4; Rl Crawford beat H. Haight. 6-4,
fi-3; H. Gray oeat Frlzzelle. «-4; Grant Smith
beat Crawford, 0-2, 6-3, .7-5; C. Kurlln beat
George Clark. 6-1, 6-2.
The picked team of la crosse players,
under the same of the Olympics, was
not able to do' much against the Tala
goos of San • Mateo yesterday in the
match at the Presidio athletic grounds.
The game began about 2:30 p. m. in
the presence of a . goodly number of
spectators . and consisted of four per
iods of twenty minutes each, with in
tervals of five minutes.' In the second
period the play was even, neither side
'scoring a goal. In the other three per-'
iods the Talagoos of San Mateo,' who
are the • champions of the State, had
much the best of the play, scoring' &
gcals In the first, 2 in the third and 2 in
1 the fourth, or .7 goals in^all, against 0.
The first, second and third goals were
scored by Mike Lyons, the fourth by
Dr. Slssons, the fifth and sixth by. Mike
'Lyons and the seventh by A. Coutts.
George Bigelow. was referee. The
teams lined up In the following order:
Olympic. Positions. , Talagoos. , •
Gosstp . .......... .Goal . : .Deratr*
Burden Point Pease
Lynch Cover point Degan
Barclay First defense .......Rosa
Wimperly Second defense Alt
Henneker Third defense. Stage
Mountz Center GlUlgan
McCarthy Third home .Coutts
Renwick Second home Meyers
De Brettville.... First home ..Mat Lyonj
Scanlan Outside home... .Mike Lyoni
Crilly Inside home..: 81ssona
T. McLaughlin... Field captain J. Ross
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS,
Portland 0.0 0 0 2 0 0 0 0—2
\Base hits...... 0 2 0 2 2 10 00—7
Oakland 0 0 1 0 0,0. 0 0 1—2
Base hits.. 10 2 0 0001 1—5
SUMMARY.
Stol«n..bases — Beck. -.McCreedle, JCruger. Er
rora — Francks (2). . Strelb (2).- Castro* Shea."
Two-baee hits — Shea, Beck, Clancy. Sacrifice
hits— Nadeau, Ganley, » McCreedle.. First base
on errors — Portland 'i. : Oakland . 1. - First base
on called balls — Oft Druhot, '2; off Moskiman,
4. Left on bases— Portland 10. Oakland 5.
Struck • out — By Druhot, 3; by Moskiman, ¦ 3.
Time of game — Two hours. Umpire — McCar
thy^,. • -: • ' -.¦¦¦.:'. - . -".i;i::
The pleasant shooting weather • ¦ at
tracted a large number of riflemen yes
terday to the , ranges at Shell Mound
Park. The principal" event proved tr>
be the annual prize shoot of the Red
Men's Shooting Company and ; the
crowning of their king in the large pa
vilion.
. President D. Tamke, Secretary John
D. . Feldermann . and • Treasurer Jacob
X^Mahr composed the committee which
introduced J. ,C. Strippel to his -club
members as king for the ensuing year
and presented him with the king medal
and a substantial purse. Miss Cora
.Laederich, one of the prettiest girls on
the grounds, was chosen to' invest the
king with the insignia of his office.
The exercises in the pavilion were un
der the management of Oscar Rase
berg, H. Nicolal and Henry Meyer.
In the competitive shoot of the San
Francisco Schuetzen Verein, August
Pape, the well known champion, made
the high score- of 229 rings in his 10
shot ' score, averaging/ almost 25 out of
a possible 25 rings. ' He kept up his
good work by rolling up 447 rings in
his medal score of the same company.
William Siebe of the Shell j Mound
Pistol and Rifle Club was away ahead
of all competitors with the good cen
ter of 13 points, which gives him an
excellent chance for the "William
Garms medal. . \
In the monthly medal shoot of the
Independent Rifles, Captain H.
Schlichtmann showed how well he was
able, to lead his men at the shooting
butts by making the ' fine score of 53
rings at the company target.
Herman Huber of the Germania Club
was the leader of his comrades with
223 rings to his credit in the 10-shot
score.
David Salfleld, with the good center
of 60 points, was high in the bullseye
shoot of the Norddeutseher Schuetzen
Club. Following are the s:ores of the
different competitors: ,
Red Men's Shooting Company, annual prize
shoot — John Stelner 68, John * D. Feldermann
68, -F. Werlen 65, C Oldag 61, P. H. Rulfts
61, H. Schult (50. G. Wagner 50. H. Grleb 69,
XV. Dressier C8, H. Bach 58, H. .Schult* '58,
H. Schlichtinsr 57, G. E. Strlppel 56. ,W.
Kreutzmann 54, J. K. Mohr 52. H. Nicolal 51.
F. Oldas 50. A. .Mullrr 46. J. Schmidt 45, D.
Tamko 43. O. Roeebach 41, A. Meichner 40. H.
Korber 40, M. Adams 37. H. Meyer 36.
- . San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln, monthly
medal competition— Champion, first and second
classes— Not filled." Third . class— C. Oldag
403 Fourth clas» — D. . Stfgemann 324.- Best
first shot — Otto Lemcke 24. Best last shot —
Herman Huber 24. . '
Competition shoot. flrRt- class — A-Pape 229.'
Second class — O. Lemcke 210. Third class — H.
Bornholdt 202. Fourth class — A. Schaefer 178.
Germania - Schuetzen Club. . monthly medal
shoot, first champion class— Herman Huber
223. Second chamr>lon class— W. F. Blasse
220. First class — H. Stelling 197. Second class
— H. Bornhotdt 214. Third class— A. Schaefer
103. • Best first shot— H. Huber 23. Best last
shot— M. F. Blasse 24. . . ,-
¦ Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot —
F. Schohay 41. G. Kellenberger 29, F. J.
Skowran 31, Captain H. Schllchtmann 53, Ser
geant C. Andrews 52. J. H. Kuhlke 50, - TJt
Gaetjen lrt W. Connens 31. Sergeant B. Hf%
ken 30, H. Gaetjen 44, - E. Ruhland 26, Cl
Schilling 45, Coruoral A. Dietrich 23, Ser
geant H. Feyge 25. * ;.
- Norddeutseher Schuetzen Club. monthly
bullseye shoot — David SalQeld 64.* -A. West
phal 320, H. Huber 663. - H. Meyer 671, F.
Koch 883, Charles Oldag 12S2. W. F. Garms
1401. Otto Lemcke 1445. D. Stegemann 14S0. g
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
competition: i Rifle (silver medal) — H. P. Nel
son 178; • re-entry match, M. F. Blasse 211:
W. F. Blasse 209, H. P. Nelson 178. E, C.
Cordell 187, E. Hammond. 177. -169. Revolver
(bronza medal)— D. Sumerville. 84, 78. 76. 76.
6S; re-entry match. W. C. Prtchard 83. Pistol
(bronze modal)— Charles Becker. 84. 84. 83. 82.
81, 80;-J. . Kullmann, 85, 83, 82; re-entry
match, F. V. Kington. 91. 91, 84. 80; H. P.
Nelson. 85. 81;. Charles Becker, 84, 81. 84, 83.
82: B. Jonas 83. .
" Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle Club, monthly
bullseye ' shoot — William Siebe 13 points. Cap
tain Larsen IS, Al Thompson 20, J. Cobby 26^.
XV. Poulsen 27^. R. Holmqulst 35%. W., Guild
30. ¦ W. G. Crocker 40. W. W. Thompson 41. O.
A. Poulsen 41. G. Hushes 48. H. -Wobber 50,
H. Windmuller 56. XV. A. Petterson 59. H.
Klelnenbrolch 60. A; Hartmann 64. B. Schull
erts 66 H. Wleking 68%. R. Wlxson 70. E. J.
Farley 72. A. Poulsen 72. H. Lang 74. H.
Skinner 73. L. A. Frats 83. H. Poulsen 84%,
H. • P. Nelson 85. B. W. Estee 96. Dr. L. V.
Frates 103. Practice shoot, two scores of ten
shots each — B.W. Estee. 83. 75; Al Thomp
son. 159. 160r F.M. Burr. _153. 141; Dr. L. V.
Frates. 140. 105; J. McNulty. 93, fi8; R. S.
Wlxson. 1SS, 179; W. Guild, 154. 172.
TACOMA IN HARD LUCK.
Fails to Hit Whalen at the Proper
Time and Loses. |
FRESNO, April 10. — Tacoma played
in hard luck to-day and the score of
6 to 1 in Frisco's >f a vor does not mean
the game was a;poor one to look at.
Tacoma -failed to hit at the proper
moments, while those who faced Over
all made their stick work, good when
it-, was needed. Errors by Bare and
Sheehan were costly. Three thousand
people saw the game.* Score :
San Francisco — ' Tacoma — . ¦
A.B. R. H. P.A. A.B. R. H. P.A.
Waldr.cf 4 2 0 8 0 Casey,2b. 4 0 11 3
Hlldeb.lf 3 . 1 1 1 1 Shehn.3b 4 1 2 13
Meany.rf 4 2 1 3 O Nrdyk.lb 4 0 2 12,2
lrwin.3b. 5 0 J 2 0 Lynch.cf. 4 0 0 10
Massy.lh 4 1 0 8 0 McLgn.lf 4 0 14 0
Andsn.2b 3 0 1,23 Hanvn.rf 40 000
Schmr.sa 4 0 0 2 0 Hogan.c. 3 0 0 3 0
Gorton.c3 0 1^1 1 Bare.ss.. 3 0 ; 15 ; 2
Whalen.p 4 0 2 0 3 Overall.p 4-0 1 0>l
Totals 34: 6 7 27 sl Totals 34 1 8 27 11
RUNS AND HITS BY- INNINGS.
San FrancUco.. . 2 0 0 12 0 0 0 1—6
Basa-hlU...... 2 1 012 10 00—7
Tacoma. ...10 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits 2 0 10-2120 0—8
SUMMARY. " '.
• Stolen bases — Waldron, Sheehan, Nordyke.
Errors — Schmeer, SheeJian.(2).'.Bare (2).. Two
bate hits — HUdebrand, Meany. Sacrifice hits—
HUdebrand, Meany, Anderson,-: Bare. . First
base on errors— San Francisco ¦ 3, Tacoma 1.
Left on bases— San • Francisco 7, Tacoma 8.
First base on called balls — Off Whalen 2. oft
Overall 3.- Struck out — By, Whalen 1, by Over
all 3. Hit by pitcher— Gorton. - Wild pitch-
Overall.' Time of game — One hour and forty
minutes. ¦ Umpire— O'Connell. ¦¦': '- >
SCHUETZEN PARK "SCORES.
Monthly Rullseye Shoot of the Callfor
1 V nia Schuetzen Cliib Is Held.
1 .The /postponed monthly bullseye
shoot of the. Calif ornia Schuetzeri Club
attracted a large number of members
yesterday'to their range at San Rafael.
Frank Riede of San Rafael proved the
champion, of the day, with -the ; excel
lent score of 19 points, being the high
est score so far this year. So close
was the shot to the center that It topk
the measuring 5 machine \ to determine
the exact distance. ; The special prize
of: a; gold clock was won .: by : M. , F.
Blasse. , Following^are the scores:
'¦>'¦ P - Riede : 19 A Jungblut 266. A. Bertelsen
287 A- Utschlg 411. C. Meyer 452. A. Strecker
4!18. .John Boiler 545, L. Reubold 593. ;,W. F.
Blasse C62.~ E. Woenne 724, H. Scheunert 7W,
William Ehrenpfort . 756. W. McCracken .766,
OttoBurmelster 783. -John Jones 945. M. Reu
bold 1 9W. J '• C. ¦ Waller 971. C. - von Hartwtg
1005 H.Eckman 1010.- M.F. Blasse 1017. Max
Kolander 1120. C. M. ¦• Rousseau 1178. J. Straub
1221 J. LlUtschlg 1231. John Horstmann 1331.'
G." Rlschmuller ' Sr. 1370. C. Sagehorn 1495.- G.
Ahrens 1560. C. Kruse 1832.' M. F. Harttcr
1941 Candidate prize— O. Barley 832. Cadet*
F..H Bremer 445, F. O. Bertelsen S95.1gg*Jj
>i MEXICO CITY,' April 10.— The National Lib-^
eral - party, which j la -favorable I to j the | adminis
tration of 'President Diaz, has issued a call for
»T national ? convention - to ;be i held i In • this I city
May 20. to select a candidate for Vice President
to be voted for In the Juno election. - ¦ :
Make Only Six Runs on Fiftten Hits
",-¦:" and Err Often.
SEATTLE'S POOR FIELDING.
LOS ANGELES, April: 10.— It would
take , a full f. volume •, to tell < what hap
pened In detail at to-day's "ball game
between' Seattle and Los Angeles. The
result was lopsided. -With fifteen hits
to i their . credit the visitors scored < but
six -runs, 1 while the' champions made
seven;runs on seven hits.. -They were
ably assisted to this I result,'^ however,
by the miserable • fielding of the Seat
ties. Seven ' errors, are; charged up .to
them. as 'sins of omission ; and.: com
mission. '. The champions '. also; fielded
poorly in . spots.; but;.- ran „. bases', in
true « championship ; style. t X ' Hall ¦ was
batted so hard ¦ that. Wheeler' relieved
him at the end of: the' eighth Inning.
.With fair support > would'
have won his garde. Attendance 4500.
Score: : , ; v -;'_ x'-y,,. >•;!-* ,'- ¦ '• ¦
: Loa Angeles— . 1 . Seattle— *- ; - .
. AB. R. H.P.A. - AB. R. H.P.A.'
Eernd.cf 6 2 2 10 \ anHa.cf 5 *1 - 1 i\- 0
Flood,2b. v 5 t. 2 '¦ 3 2 4 Mohlr,2b 5 ¦ 2 " ; 2 '" 2 %1
Bmlth.3b - 5 2 1 2 2 Deleh.Sb 5. 1 2 3^0
Cravth.rf 4 0 1 3 0 Frtsk.lf. 5 1 3 2 0
Ross.ir.. 3 ;l-'l. 4 0Brash.lb'.4 :i 0 2 "3
Chase, lb 3 .' 0 0 10 ; liCSmth.rf - B 0 2 0 0
Raymd.ss 4 : 0 0 . 2 2 R Hall.sg 5 0 3 10
Sples.c. 3 0 0 :¦•:• . 0 Blankn.c 5 0 17 0
W Hall.p 3 0 0 0 1 Wlllms.p .40 S 1 ¦'- 3 : B
Wheelr, p 1 0 r 0 T: 0 0 Wilson, p ' 1 0 - 0 r 3 ' 0
Totala-36 : 7{,7?26 lOiTotals 44 :6 15 24 '9
•Blankenshlp out.; bunting third strike. .
; - RUNS "AND ; HITS '' BY. INNINGS.
Los Angeles. :.?..« 2 0 103.00 1 *• x— 7
Base hits...... 2 0 1 0.2 .2 0 0. x— 7
Seattle -.'..... :..".". 2 0 0 0-2..0. 2 0.0—^6
:.•; Basehlts^.... 1 2 71 1-3 2 3 1^1— 1»
: -V'- ¦- /¦¦'. SUMMARY. "./
i stolen base-^Smith. ¦-¦ Errors— Flood, - Ctavbth -
Chase. Raymond, 7 W.i Hull,"? Mohler.: (2).' Dele
hanty. * Frisk. -Blankensblp,:. Williams..-- Hits—
Off ¦ Hall j 3,~ off .'-Wheeler 1 2./- Three-base - hlt-^-»
Cth vath. ' Two-base f hits ' — Frisk, C. f Smith,'
Delehanty, : ;' J. s v Smith.'** Sacrifice *;' hit— Chase.
First base on errors — Los 'Angeles 5, Seattle 1.
Left on basest-Los 'Angeles 8.- Seattle '10." Base
on ¦ cai!ea . ball— Off \ WUliamB ; l.*v Struck ? out —
By Hall l.< by > Williams 3. i Double ¦ play — Chase
to Spies. Wild pitch— Wllltams:x Time of game
— Two ; hours.*', Umpire— Huaton.vV';.?: '
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SATURDAY. APRJL 9,
Elizabeth Strothe'r to Emlle A. Calegaris,
lot on S line of Post street. 137:6 W of Polk,
W 27:6 by S 120; $10.
Thomas B. and Josephine H. Bishop to 3a
siah R. Howell. lot on S line of Jackson stree*.
110 W of Gough. W 125 by S 127 :»K: $10.
Louis and Esther Katz to Isaac. Ellis. Jacob
and Simon Corinson. lot on NE corner , of.
Green and Buchanan streets, E 69:6 by N
110; $10.
Isaac. Ellis. Jacob and Simon Corinson and
Esther Katz to Louis Katz. lot on N line of
Green street. 69:6 E of Buchanan, E 25:6 by
N 110; $10.
Ellen Sullivan to Ella Boynton (Sullivan)
and Charles E. and John D. Sullivan, lot on
N W . corner of Ellis and Buchanan streets W
20 by N-75; gift.
Josiali H. Locke to Carrie A. Locke, lot on
S line of Grdve street. 1S7:6 W of Webster. W
25 by S 137:6; gift.
City and County of San Francisco to Alfred
W. Morgenstern. lot on N line of OTarrell
street. 100 W of Flllmore. W 55. N 137:6 E
17:6, N 6. E 37:6. S 143:6; $ .
Janle D. Jewett to Jewett Land Company
(corporation), lot on NE corner of Union and
Scott streets. E 36:9 by N 110; also lot on E
line of Scott street. 110 N of Union. N 27:8
by E 36:9; $10.
Patrick and ¦ Catherine Connelly to Maud
M. Dent, lot on E line of Broderlck street.
115 S of Geary. S 22:6 by E 92:C; $10.
City and' County of San Francisco to Eliza
beth Fink.' lot on SE corner of Post and Baker
streets. E 137:6 by S 1.TT.-6: $ . .
• Baird Estate' (corporation) to James A.
Squire, lot on N line of Waller street 157:8
W of Mascnlc" avenue. W 74 by N 137:6; $10.
• Honora Wiseman to Mary Wiseman, lot on
NE line of Twelfth street, 80 — of Kessltng.
SE 30 by NE 76:11; $10.
F. C. Mosebach Jr. to Sara E. Mosebacn. lot
on SW corner of San Carlos avenue and Eight
eenth street. W 30 by S 85; also lot on S line
of Eighteenth street. 30 W of San Carlos
avenue. W 25 by S S5; also lot on E line of
Valencia street 35 S of Twenty-flfth, S 33:9T«.
E 117:8 N 33:11, W 117:6; also lot 0. Sunset
Heights; gift.
Anna M. Drescher to John J. Drescher. un
divided half* interest In lot on E <ine of
Landers street. 135 N of Fifteenth. N 25 by B
125; gift.
Emille Pladal to Eugene and Julienne Du
montelle. lot on SE corner of Twenty- sixth
street and Treat avenue E lH:l'/i by S 90;
$3250. >
' Eugene and 9ulienne Dumontelle to Jules
and Jaenne Merienne. lot on SE corner of
Twenty-sixth street and Treat avenue, E 25, 3
70. E 21:4%. S 11. W 49:4%, N 90; $4000.
Henry. Camlll, John and Augusta Peters to
Lemuel Arthur, lot on S W corner of Seven
teenth and Eureka streets. "IV* 125 by S 149;
$10. - . - 1-
William J. Hesthal to Franklin B. Worley.
lot on S line of Twenty- seventh street 101:10
E of Hoffman. E 50:11 by S 114: $10.
Madeline and McC. Gllmore to Frances A.
Saxe. - lot on E line of Homestead street, lfO
S of Twenty- fourth, S 25 by E 125: $10.
Hermann Tietjen (or Tietgen) to WlUam Ed
wards (two-thirds) ; and : John F. - Connolly
(one- third), ' lot on NE corner of Pine street
and St. Marys place. E 20 by N 48; $10.
W. J. McCarthy to same, lot on E line of gt.
Marys street, 48 N of Pine. N 24 by E 67:6; $1.
' William and Maggie Rippon to Charles J.
Robinson, lot on X line of Pine street, 20 E of
St. Marys, E 20 by N 48; $10.
Charles J. Robinson to William Edwards
(two-thirds) and John F. Connolly (one-third),
same; $10. - ¦ *
William - Rippon " to ' same, lot on N line of
Pine street, 107:11 W of Kearny. W 40 by N
48: $10. ¦ .
Samuel P. or Samuel H. and Caroline R.
Blumenberg to same, lot on N line • of Plna
street, 60 E of St. Marys, E 24:10, N 68:0. W
16:10. N 15:3. W 8. 8 84; $10. .
" Estat* of Louisa Robinson (by Charles J.
and Edward J. Robinson, • executors) to same,
lot on N line of Pine street, 20 E of St. Marys
place. E 20 by N 48; $6500.
Joseph and Isabel Michel to John - C. ' Burr.
lot on. E line of , Church alley. 105:8 N of
Broadway, also 141:6 E of Powell street. N" 33
by E>64:0; also lot on E line of Church alley.
105:6 N of Broadway, also 141:6 E of Powell
street, N 32 by W 7;-*10.
R. H. Lloyd. Charles S. and Lillian. M.
Wheeler.' ' Alvin B. and ; Madge J. Grosh to
Loul9e M. Sage. Elizabeth G. LarzeJere • and
Walter B. and Milton T>. Crush, lot on N line
of California street, 70 W of Ninth avenue. W
50 by N 100; $10.
.Emma W. Sbattuck to Fred and Llllle Was-'
nfr. I lot on E line of Sixth avenue, 100 S of
California street,' 8 25 by E 100; $10. ' .
.Ellen Sullivan to Ella Boynton (Sullivan).
Charles E. and John D. Sullivan, lot on W:llne
of Twenty-third avenue. '200 S of Clement
street. S 20 by W 120; gift.
Mary A. Rouleau to Solomon G«t*. lot on W
line of Forty-seventh avenue, 200 S of L street.
S 75 by W. 120f quitclaim deed. $10. !
' Solomon and Dora Getz to John P. Horgan.
lot on W line of Forty-seventh avenue. 200 S
of ti street. &-23 by W 120: $10.
• Eva and Herman . Hendrickson to Walter J.
Kenyon. lot on NW corner of Thirty-ninth and
Market streets. W 125 by N 123:11. and prop
erty out of county: $10. . . . .'
•Estate of John F. Skivinston (by Edwin P.
Tucker and Henry Mnller. executors) to G. H.
Moffatt. lots 3 and 4, block 248. South San
Francisco Homestead and Railroad Associa
tion; $832
George H. Moffatt to Oscar Heyman, • name ;
?10. /\" * _. - " . . '¦;¦¦•
- Charles ' A> and Florence (or Florence I*)
Derby to Rosamund Fay, lot 44. - block C, Lake
vlew; = $10. - . . - .<¦¦:--
Investor (corporation) to. Joseph BuxzinI, lot
17. block 561. Bay Park Homestead; ft rant.
'Jcseph- and Ellen- M. Buzifnl to- Albert
Schrtitzer. lots 10 and 17,-bkKk 561. same; $10.
- Estate of Charles Sutro Oy Charles and
Alfred Sutro.' executors) to Benjamin Barbash.
lot on- N line of Railroad " avenue. 60' W of
Bright street. W- 25 by N 100. lot 3, block 51.
City Land Association: $40. - ' *'-o . ¦
Herman C. , Becker .to Mary Pape.' lot on : 8
corner of N street and Sixteenth av«no«.' 8E
25' by SW 100. >lot-l. block 330. C*»« tract;
grant.
Builders' Contracts.
- Xlmllo ' Giannini - (owner) ' with J. L. , Roberts
(contractor) - - Theodore .W. Lenzen architect—
All alteraUons and additions to make a two
story I frame butldins on . ff line of Eighteenth
street,', bet ween _ . Colllnarwood and Diamond;
* i Maiy E. % Russell (owner) J wltli T. J." Craw
ford'& Son architect — All
work except* sewering, plumbing: and jasnttlns
for a three-story and basement frame balldlng
on N line of McAllister- street. 82:8 r.E of
GottKh^E 27:6 by N 120; $S025. •
Same* owner with J. Looney (contractor).
t . architect— Sewerlnir. /plumbing and ga«
fltrinp for same. on- same;: $10M. ' ... -. . .
" E Camplni (owner) with A: M. Wallen (con
tractor) E. W. Hydearchitee* — All work : fot
a three-story frame ;balldln)r (flaU); on N lln<
of Ninth street, 100 W of Harrison. f W S8 bj
N.lOg; 15175.
EMPIRE/ GUN CLUB SHOOT,,
W. O. :' CiUlen ; Scores Twenty-four Out
of Twenty-five.
W. O. Cullenwas hlghguriiin the
championship race of the Empire Gun
Club' yesterday at blue rocks,' breaking
twenty-four {out '¦ of ., twenty-five. A.V J.
Webb also shot in good form, breaking
a straight score "of both singles and
doubles.*.-' Thft'scores: . •
L Club Championship < race, 25, birds, 16¦yardV
rlss — J.- B. Hauer- 1». -: Dr. George G. Gere 16.
*A. J. Webb 23." W. O. Cullen 24. ' L.? H.v Allen
22. • Dr.-'A.. J. ; Sylvester 16. W., S. Wattles 20,
Dr."- Clyde C. Payne 21. ¦ Con .' Roman ' 22,'-. J.
Peltice 14, F. L.' Houf t 10. James P. Sweeney
20= ¦¦ ' - .' ..,'¦¦.¦; •¦¦• - ¦ * ¦' -.¦¦--' ¦¦'-; . : ¦^-¦:
; - Money i match, ¦ 25 birds, 15 ; singles and ' five
pairs,- distance handicap: First class — W. O.
Cullen. 18; yards. V broke -19;? L." H. •; Allen. 18
yards. ¦ broke ; 19 : A.' J. Webb. 22 ; yards,- broke
22;VW.tS.-"- Wattles, 18 yards.^broke 1«;- Dr.
Clyde ¦ C. - Payne.; ¦•¦. 16 . -• yards,,; broke i 16; - Con
Roman. 16 yards, broke 16; James P. Sweeney.
16. yards, broke 10. Second class — J.^B. Hauer,
20 yards, troke 16; "P. L.;Houtt,-16 yards, broke
l«;*.Thlrd class — Dr. Geofge O.* Gere, 16 yards,
broke !l2; i Dr." A. : J. Sylvester. 18 ' yards, .broke
12: J.Peittce. 1C yards, broke 13.-:
•^ Special i cash ¦ prize > race— Twenty «. birds,' dis
tance handicap. 1 ten pinsles and five'. pairs dou
bles^— L. * H.^Allen,' ' 18 yards. , broke ; 15 ; -" W. O. 1
; Cullen, "5 18 < yards, . broke ¦ 16 ; : A. * J." .Webb.-* 20
' yards, ; broke i 18 ;rj; t B.iHaner. ; 20 yards, broke
16; :, Dr/Z Clyde L Payne, a 16 - yarda. , broke *\il4 ;
James • P.'. Sweeney.'; 16 yards.-: broke; 10 ; : J." Pel
tier* 16 yards, broke 10; F.L. Houpt.18 yards
¦ : broke-7:-W.':S.". Wattles.' 13 yards, broke 8;. Dr.
George Cfere, . 16 : yards, ; broke 11.
Third round — Sacramento Boy beat Rcse of
Gold. 5-0; Pasha rie^sant beat Rocker Arm.
4-0, Haphazard beat t^-mpronlu*. A-3; Richard
Anton beat General Dewet, 3-2; Tralee Lass
ht-nt Joe Pasha. 3-1: Red Rock beat Hudson,
7-5; Cloverdale beat Tillle R, 6-4; Queen's Mot
to beat The Coroner.- <t-2.. ' / » ¦
Fourth round — Sacramento Boy beat Pasha
Pleasant. 9-3; Richard Anton beat Haphazard,
4-2: Tralee Lass beat Red Rock. 5-0; Queen's
Motto beat Cloverdale, XS-i
Fifth round — Sacramento Boyibeat Richard
Anton. 6-4; Tralee Lass a bye, Queen's Motto
withdrawn.
Deciding course — Sacramento Boy beat Tralee
Lass. 15-t».
Grand National Championship Stakes— First
course. Pocatello heat Rector. 11-0: second
course. Rector beat Pocatelli; 4-2; third course.
Pocatelli b*at Rector. 3-2; fourth course, Poca
telli beat Rector, 7-7, $-«.
First round— Sacramento Boy beat Racing
Autj. 4-1; MeHenry beat Concord Boy. 9-0:
Hose of Gold beat Sir Winton. 2-O: Terah beat
Honest John. o-0; Frisky Barbara beat Cu
banola. 3-2; Rocker Arm beat Fontcncy. <5-3;
Our Motto beat Ruby Sankey, 5-3: Pasha
Pleasant beat Teras Mamie. 14-0; Commercial
Traveler beat Dorothy M. 4-2; Sempronius a
bye. Texas Hoo Hoo withdrawn; Conroy beat
Idaho Boy, 4-0; Haphazard beat Roy Hughie.
4-0; Free Born beat Pepper Hill. 4-2; Richard
Anton beat Arella. 8-3; General Dewet beat
Rapid Water. 4-0; Flaunt beat Merry Go
Round. 5-3: Joe Pasha a bye. Presidio Boy
withdrawn: Frank Dunn beat Mellinwood. 4-3;
Menlo Prince beat Magic Stuff, 8-1; Tralee
L«fs beat Apple Blossom. 8-4; Hudson beat
Terra Cotta. S-"; John Heenan beat Colored
Lady. 4-.T: Red Rock beat Haughty Helen. .VI;
Spotless Beauty beat Donnybrcok. 4-0; Tillle
R beat The Referee. 7-3; Lulu Girl beat Willie
Boy. 5-0; Vandal beat Valendine, 4-2; Clovnr
dale beat Creswlck, *-.">; Raby Aurora boat Po
mona. 22-4; The Coroner beat Gambit, 7-3;
Queen's Motto beat Loretta, 0-2; Rolla Wells
beat Lily Wright, .VO.
Second round — Sacramento Boy a bye, Me-
Henry withdrawn; Rose of Gold beat Terah.
5-2; Rocker Arm beat Frisky Barbara. 5-4;
Pasha Pleasant beat Our Motto. 6-4: Senipro
niu« beat Commercial Traveler. !»-3; Haphazard
beat Conroy. 2-0; Richard Anton beat Free
Bom. 0-0; General Dewet beat Flaunt. 4-3;
Joe Pas-ha beat Frank Dunn, f>-3; Tralee Lass
bf-at Menlo Prince. 6-3; Hudson beat John Hee
non, O-2; Red Rock beat Hpotless Beauty, 0-5;
Tiliie R beat Lulu Girl, 5-0; Cloverdale beat
Vandal, 3-2; The Coroner a bye. Raby Aurora
withdrawn; -Queen's Motto beat R»Hla Wells,
*-©. ¦
The reserve stake was won by the
old-time champion Sacramento Boy.
He was led to the hare each time, but
once on the game he hammered out
points in rapid "succession. The up
country dog beat in turn Racing Auto,
Rose of Gold. Pasha Pleasant, Rich
ard Anton and, in the deciding course.
Tralee Lass. This was the best trinl
of the day and was remarkable for
the rapidity with which each grey
hound scored points. The score was
1.5 to 9. The day's results, with Judge
P. J. Reilly's official scores, follow:
It required five- courses at Union
Coursing Park yesterday to decide the
first of the series of trials in the Grand
National championship stakes. No
more evenly matched greyhounds than
Pocatelli and Rector ever went into
the hands of a slipper as the running
proved.
Rector led by two lengths in the
first two trials, losing the firPt and
winning the second. Pocatelli won
the third trial, leading to the hare
by one length. In the fourth and fifth
trials the great greyhounds ran to the
hare as if coupled. The score was
a tie in the fourth and then Pocatelli
went on and won the course and the
scries. ~*
Tliird rat"«» — Paehuea, T. J. Cox,
IYivoloii!».
Fourth rac«v— Ada Sf, Lvabcllita,
Kitty Kelly. •
I'ifth rac* — Wascr, My Surprise,
Ilippoiux. .
SixUi race — Misty** Pride. Golden
IJclit, Reeves.
Una rare — Harka. Tarjrctte, JlLss
May Bowdish.
Second race — Lurene, Alice Care;r,
Stoph.
PROBABLE WTXXERS.
President Thomas H. Williams of the
Now California Jockey Club has named
Satu iay. the 23d inst., as Fablola day
at the Oakland racetrack. The occa
sion promises to be a gala one. As
has been the custom every year the re
ceipts will be donated to the- Fablola
Hospital.
An attractive programme will be ar
ranged. One of the features will be
a race for gentlemen riders, and some
of the cleverest amateurs ton the coast
will be seen in the saddle..
This week there should be enjoyable
taoinjf at Oakland, as the weather and
1 track conditions are favorable. On the
programme are a number of handicaps.
On Wednesday there will be one at a
mile and fifty yards for three-year
olds and upward, and on Saturday the
leading performers here will meet at a
mile and a furlong.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
Fiut race — Five and a half furlongs, maiden
thrt-e-ycar-old*; dclling:
C5M> •Miss M. Bowdish <BlaEin£ame) 102
I^ost Baby <Muncy> 117
r^Sfi Masked Ball <Murra> ) 117
:tov 'Facts lt>7
?CM Mary Dunn (Bender) 104
*4U2 VatiKhan «Mrs. Hertcei;> lWf
*'\Vd Targette f Fountain* 107
• 50M Harka <\\>nt worth* MCT
»'.v.«t Maxetta tJeOness) 112
bVJtb Thp Lieutenant (Stover) 114
. . . N J^enator Phoupe (Smith) 117
M46 Hogarth <<*armody) 103
C314 Red Bird (Slaughter) 107
Second rac* — Futurity course; four-year
olds and ur>: selling:
«i57fc "Cherries (Stovfr) S»S
*4"<* Young Morello tfcharetg) 103
Mia* Provo (LewlE) 103
O6« Oathello «Clayton) 8*
C-J24 Alice Carey <&tll> 103
C5U<> # Royal White <Lowry) -»3
«R30 PrteMlike (Snider) 98
:>»7n Stfph (Stroud) «S
tSOtSit Doujral (Sheridan) 100
, f.T::O Lurene (Pritchard) ...Ktt
W <-494 Ballroom Belle (Josephs)....' ...... 8>«
Third race — Five and a half furlongs,
maiden thre»»->xar-olds; selling:
• ;>:>2 "Frivolous (Fitrgrrald) , 1C7
Taht* lAdamt-* 114
'-W3 Korert Fire (McCabe) ." ,..107
• ¦4*2 The Jow (Wilson) , 101
838S *»"innabar (Smith) 10U
• ¦4S2 Mnynard (Storn) 114
<^t>*. Technique (Clifford) 112
."••*2 T>r. Birdsall (McCor.ncll) 104
[SIS T J. Cox (Murray) 117
.'stj 'Paohuca ( Xapa Stock Farm) 107
«592 •Brown Pa try < Morehouse) 112
u'.5»0 * Vtati ( Napier) 112
5^«7 Wistaria (Schorr) 104
653! Lrsuljne Sister (La fc'Ieata Farm) 112
Fourth r»r» — M«e and fifty yards; three
y-ar-olde and up; selUnK:
•»«4 T! «-.,!..,. ,m,ah, , ,..:.iai
(«8SS9)Kmy KMJr (J'tanneld) la;
•J591 •!'>¦!.¦ i!i -a <McNamara) 1«.
*¦&*» Anlrad (Coltr-y» y5
(-V1K El l'ilar dlaikell) mo.
«5.vji »Ada N CAturlm F*rm> »S
<iT.vo Kir.lt i Williams* J»5
«53S *Vai<&Ilo (Piedmont Stable) k . 83
Fifth race — Futurity course; four-year-olds
and us: tilling:
*£« 'Nullah (MacKentie) .103
?&*<> Wager ((Juthr!') 1 K3
««J2 My Surprise <Mounce) 1(J5
«f.S4 Hard Burn* <G"Rourke> .13:1
€5«s> »«^j:tivat«- <Btanchl & Co.) 103
KftMfl Rollick (Jones) -.110
«»i<i2 Tf tuk ( Meek) K»3
f.ls? *Iftpponax d>ane) 105
fc5C2 tlrinha Uirl (Robinson) 103
MS02 Skip Me (Madison) 103
» •"*» Pat MorrlEsey <W«llman) 110
race — Six furlongs: four-year-olds and
up: sellinc:
(*.V.«-.i<"iau6US <R>-nn) 106
6571 *HainauIt (Thotnts * Reavey) 108
(«4:>!<» % Cris.s (Yo»» (Hayee) V*i
«-VJ:j Ijidy K»nt . VWIlmani ]O4
?>44!> Mi*ty"s Pride (Jones) 101
«4J» SI Plioto (Uoar) 113
»?.v."S Constellatnr <Fln» io«
M74 'Nfim,n (Polk) lua
«ia)8 Golden Lleht (McCafferty) HQ
?ZViiI *Baevea (Latmasney Brothen?) ldl
0T.70 St. Winif ride ( Painter) 101
•Apjirtnt [(_•«¦• allowance.
Lily York took final honors in the
open stake at Ingieside Park yesterday,
beating P. J.. Reilly's Clover Blossom
in the deciding- course by'a score of 6
to 5. Tn nearly all of her | trials Lily
won by a scant- margin, but by^her
cleverness she managed to
her opponents; Vciqver Blossom led her
in the final' and took 1 the turn, but Lily
outworked her and came in for the kill,
which gave her the flag and the stake.
A change has been made in the slips
at Ingieside that gives the spectators
a better view of the courses, and as" -a
rule sends the hare in a straight line to
the escapes.
J. M. Carroll's Medley against G. L.
Crawford's Sea Lion, which sold a J to
4 choice, won out by a '. close score/
Northern Alarm did some clever cours
ing throughout the stake, buC suc
cumbed to hard running and was .with
drawn in the fourth round., .The fol
lowing are the day's /results, with
Judge Thomas Tierney's official scores:
" Open stake, first round— McVey beat Articu
late, H-i; Medley beat Sea Lion. 10-6; North
ern Alarm beat Oregon, 7-0; Prometheus beat
fchowman |4-0; Friendless Boy beat Jessie
Dear. i:5-3: Qulta beat \\ lid Nora, 3-1: Firm
Fellow beat Jimmy Anthony,- 3-2; Sofala beat
HaddlnRton. 14-2^- Orslna beat LJttle M^rcy.
14-3; Frisco Lad beat Rollins Boer, fc-1; Vina
beat Imperious, 8-2: Homer Hoy beat Doc
Burns. 5-1: Lily York beat Gold Elly, 4-0;
Young- Johnny Rex beat Tom Hurllck. 4-1 ;
Maid of the Glen beat Crawford Belle. 8-0;
Royal Friend beat Little Lucy, 7-4; Kenli beat
Game Boy. 7-4; Silver Cloud beat Toronto.
11-3; Don Pedro beat Bell Lloyd,- 7-0: Ouida
beat Shadow, 6-4; Fox Hunter . beat Span
ish Lad, 12--; Equator beat leellus. 5-0; Yel
luwtail beat Van Alba. 6-2; Clover Bloes3m
beat Luxury. 4-0; Mark Twain beat Young
KluBicth. 0-2; Black Coon b;at 1'na, U-4;
Frisky Boy beat Ragtime, 0-0; Vlkln* beat
BUI Dugan, 13-8: J E H beat Sllevenamon.
7-1; Intruder beat Our Minnie, -*-l; Little
Plunder beat Wedtewood, 4-1; Regal Attire
beat Hermit. 5-0.
Second round — McVey beat Medley. 4-2;
Northern Alarm beat Promttheus, 7-1: Friend
lesj Boy beat Qulta 4-0; Firm Fellow boat
Sofala. i-2: Orsina beat Frisco Boy, 7-0: Ho
mer Boy beat Vina, 4-3; Lily York beat Young
Johnny Rex. 5-2; Royal Friend beat Maid of
the Glen, tf-2; Fenll beat Silver Cloud. 5-4;
Ouida beat Don Pedro. 7-4; Foxhunter beat
Kquator. <5-4-; Clover Blossom beat Yellowtail,
C-3; Black Coon btat Mark Twain, 5-0; Frlrco
Boy beat Viklnir. 3-2; J K H beat Intruder,
0-1 J Little Plunder beat Regal Attire, 7-4.
Third round — Northern Alarm beat McVey,
0-7; Friendless Boy beat Firm Fellow. 5-3:
Orsina beat Homer Boy. 5-4; Lily York beat
Royal Friend. 6-4; Fenii beat Quita. 7-»; Clo
ver Blossom beat Foxhunter, 6-3: Black Coon
beat Frisky Boy, 12-3; Little Plunder beat
J K II. 11-3.
Fourth round — Friendlers Boy a bye:' Lily
York beat Orsina, 5-4; Clover Blossom beat
Fenii. 5-0; Little Plunger beat Black Coon.
9-2.
Fifth round— Lily York beat Friendless Boy,
£-7; Clover Blossom beat Little Plunder. 8-tf.
Deciding course — Lily York beat Clover Bios-,
com, G-5,
Losers Lack Combination
Work and Are Unable to
Pierce Opponents Goal
Old-Time Champion Shows
in Bare Form and Defeats
the Fleet Tralee Lass
Red Men Invest Their King
Eifleman With the In
signia of ; His Office
Outclasses I]oley : and Has
' Xo Difficulty in! Taking
His Opponent Into 'Camp
Umpire McCarthy Gives the
Portland Tossers the Bad
End of It on Two Occasions
Fleetest Horses at Oakland
Track Will Meet This
Week in Handicap Eaces
Sea Lion, a Strong Choice,
Is Defeated in the First
Hound by ; Fast c Medley
WINNEES SCOEE SEVEN
BAKER , IS SUCCESSFUL
WLXS BY ONE POINT
STEIPPEL IS CEOAVNED
SACKAMEXTO BOY SCOEES
HOSPITAL WILL BENEFIT
two unfair; decisions
Crack Greyhounds Bun Five
Courses Before a Winner
Can Be Named by Judge
Clever Courser Beats Out
Clover Blossom in ; Open
Event at iiigleside Park
Makes an;,^Excellent Score
in ' the San Francisco
Verein Competition Shoot
University of California
Crack Shows His Mettle
in the Park Tournament
Lohman's Aggregation Gets
Away With a Game That
Should Have : Been Lost
Lacrosse Men of San Mateo
Win Easy Victory From
Eepresentatives of City'
Gentlemen Eiders Will Sport
Silk for Sweet Charity's
Sake on That Occasion
MARKSMAN PAPE
IN GOOD FORM
FABIOLA DAY
IS ANNOUNCED
STAKE HONORS
FOR LILY YORK
M ACG A VIN WINS
TENNIS MATCH
SIX STRAIGHT
FOR OAKLANDS
TALAGOOS BEAT
OLYMPIC TEAM
RECTOR LOSES
TO POCATELLI
CHAMPION GREYHOUND POCATELLI BEATS RECTOR IN GRAND NATIONAL
THE : SAN: FRANCISCO^ CALL;^ MONDAY,^ ABKU^-li^iWO^
THIRTY-FIFTH ANNIVERSARY. — Police
Kerscaty Steve Bunnrr celebrat«rd .tola thlrty
•Htli anniversary .an a police qfneer yesterday.
Bunner. mho ranks fifth on the seniority list of
active po!l«e officers, was appointed on April
10, 1M8», and promoted to the rank of sergeant
In ls;s which pcsition he still retain*
Many. of -the model yacht owners
took their boats to Spreckela Lake yes
terday, but there being no wind rac
ing was out of the questioja. There was
a Flight breeze at times, but it was
not steady nor strong.
Wind Falls" 31 odd Yachtsmen.
Games on Various Diamonds.
SAN JOSE. - April . 10.— Steffanl's
team, beat; Oakland (Heeseman's)* in
a ", batting game by a score of 8 to v 5.
San Jose landed hard on Pratt'in the
seventh inning, seven men crossing the
plate. . Nine hits were made off Emer
son.
SACRAMENTO, ADrll 10.' —: Two
thousand fans witnessed their favor
ites .receive an unmerciful-" drubbing
from the Lodl team ;To-day,C the game
being lost by errors. Score : 'jS&ffijglj&jg
' : ¦ ¦ ¦ : - ¦ ' ¦ ¦ -: '¦ ' '¦' '' R.-' h7~7~ e.
Lodl .................;.. 10 , 7. 1
-Sacramento ..v:..:...;-....,".*..^;*... 1 " 5 10
¦ Batteries— lugralls and Burke; Henley, Delano
anfl McCB.be. ; '
„';. STOCKTON. ¦ April -10. — - Stockton
beat the Jesse : Moore's in a .well , play
ed same by a score of .6 to 4. More
ins's pitchins was the feature. 'Score:
•-;>• *'i- >R. H. E."
Stockton . . . .".-..; ."'. . . . . . . . . - « '- 8 ¦' 3
Jense Moores -.". ;.T;v;..; .'.^¦. .....'. •: .41''; 5 3i4
CaUrries— Russell and Morclng, Nagle and
11Train Kills an Eastern Youth.
- William J. . Hamilton, an employe
of : the' United Railroads,; committed
Suicide " by asphyxiation at ! the 'I home
of " his", brother,: Richard; Hamilton.'
2158 -Fifteenth street, yesterday after
.noon.V.Hamilton leaves ?a! wife ; and
four children living' in ; Watsonville.
The" suicide arrived .here'from';Wat
sonville a few davs ago. / :
Laborer Ends His Life.
Walter and Thomas Bryan,- living at
1 Verona* place; assaulted, Sam Beld
soe, a - watchman, "at Folsom street,
near First, yesterday afternoon. The
Bryans struck. the watchman over the
eye and ran away. . Beldsoe , thought
the men might return and got his re
volver. They returned as he expected
and in consequence \ Walter is being
treated at ; the Harbor '¦ Hospital', f or | a
gunshot' wound in the left armand
another *in the left . 'leg. Beldsoe
procured a warrant charging the j men
with assault. and battery.- .
Men Assault Watchman.
Rev. Milburn of London is at the
Palace.
C. Seighold, a jeweler of Salinas, is
at the Grand. •
Axtel Aygaard of Cognac is regis
tered at the Palace. ,
William Freltas, a druggist of.Mon
terey, is at the Grand.
W.'B. Swaine, a capitalist of Marys
vllle, is at the Palace.
J. Frank Judge, a well-known mining
man of Salt Lake, is at the Palace.
Frank Mattison, an attorney of San
ta Cruz,' is registered at the Grand:
Thomas Dennv and family of New
York are staying at the St. '. Francis.
. .A. J. Levy, a well-known bookmaker
of .New- York, and. wife are registered
at; the St. Francis. ' .
Fred H. Fay, . a prominent . business
marl of? Auburn, N. .Y., and family are
at the St. Francis.
- Ferd * K. ' Rule of Los Angeles, treas
urer of the San Pedro, Los Angeles and
Salt Lake Railroad; is at the Palace.
PERSONAL..
San Francisco Gruetli Verein Enter
tains Friends .With Music, Com
edy and Dancing.
The San Francisco . Gruetli Verein
gave its spring festival .last night at
Turn Hall. Despite the hot weather
a big crowd was fn attendance and all
thoroughly entered into' the spirit of
the occasion. '
The programme began with musical
selections by J. Mayer, G. Berger, G.
Dobbler, C. Fittig, L: P. Laurendeau,
Leonard Fross,; Frank Palmer, Charles
Withycpmbe and Fred Gfeller. Then
followed a comedy, which was well
play^by Ul Gingg, J. Hohl. Ed Suter,
Frau J. Fritschi and Frau G. Deucher.
Dancing wound up. the festivities. .
Fireman I Overcome by. Smoke.
Mike Wright, a horseman belonging
to truck company No. 7, stationed on
Seventeenth • street, , narrowly escaped
death while attending a 'fire on Twen
tieth; and Alabama" streets on • Satur
day, night. ." " .Wright dashed into the
burning house and proceeded to a top
floor, where he was overcome by
«moke.';'. He was '-; missed by Engineer
McKittrlck, who sounded I the alarm in
time" for " Wright's comrades - to go In
search; of him.*. When found he was in
an' unconscious condition. 'He • was
taken to the City and County Hospi
tal, and after reviving was sent to his
home. ¦¦; "-':¦: - : . f ; i.
Hot Spell Will': Continue.
To the thousands of San Francisco's
citizens , who sweltered \ in . the , heat ; of
yesterday" Professor Alexander/ Me-.
Adie, the local weather . prophet, . has
extended the assurance that' their light
clothing will! be in demand "again to
day. ; 'According to his ¦ peculiar way
of reckoning \ the ' hot ¦ spell ) is ' not: over
and possiblyj it Vniay > ; last r another 'day.
He expects » sultry weather, for . the; be
ginningCof the' new* week and up.to
a i late \ hour,. yesterday. , he had . discow
ered nothing, in his' charts, and \ reports
¦from , weather • stations ; that ".would \ en
courage* him, in; promising: anything in
the ; way, of \ a .welcome change] for , the
residents of the bay counties. '
f :-j Miss : Jeahette Voorsanger^ appeared
inl the name .part of the farce-comedy.
"The Cliff House.GIrl," at Golden Gate
Hall ; last night. '/ She* is -possessed : of
many 'personal charms, V and, V judging
fronVther ' clever,." impersonation,"^; she
has much in her. favor, that^wpuld tend
to^bring ;her "success oh '.the' stage, ; the
profession "she has "decided to adopt."'"-
Miss.Voorsanger . Shows .Talent.
GERMAN" SOCIETY GIVES
ITS SPRING FESTIVAL
NEW YORK, April 10. — Sherman
Tupper, an old-time actor, died here
to-day of pneumonia, aged 50 years.
His first engagement was in Maggie
Mitchell's company. He was with
Roland Reed for nine years and was
five years with William H. Crane, in
whose company he was playing at the
time of his death. His wife is a sister
of Joseph Murphy, of "Kerry Gow"
fame. iv'-V'-T;:
Old Actor Passes Away.
William J. Lowry, founder of the
pioneer grain firm of W. G. Lowry &
Co.. died yesterday in 'this city at his
residence, 84 8 Van Ness avenue. De
ceased was 78 years of age and is sur
vived by. a widow and four children,
Nellie M. Lowry. Mrs. Milan Soule and
Agnes and William G. Lowry. The
funeral will take place .to-morrow at
lla. m. from the late'residence of the
deceased.. Interment will be private.
Pioneer Merchant Dead.
Mr. Smith's text was: "If It seems
evil unto you to serve the Lord, choose
you this day who. you. -will serve." The
speaker pointed out most feelingly how
essential and beneficial, it is for men to
live Christian lives, and so impressive
were his remarks that at. the close of
the sermon' forty members of the
church asked. that, they might join the
Evangelistic Union.
Mr. Smith will hold services in the
Trinity Episcopal Church every after
noon at 3 o'clock and at Grace M. E.
Church every evening.
Hugh E. Smith, who for some time
has led the Union Evangelistic serv
ices' In this city, to which sixteen re
ligious organizations have recently
been united, delivered an interesting
sermon to a large ' congregation at
Grace M. E. Church last evening.
Hush E. Smith Delivers Impressive
Sermon Before Large Congrega
tion at Grace M. E. Church.
APPEALS TO PEOPLE TO
LIVE CHRISTIAN LIVES
intended for the* Jailers into Sultner's
face. Then Sultner and Giovanni took
refuge In the corners, yelling like
Indians, and left Sterling to .fight it
out with, the stream from the fire hose.
The muscular footpad fought like a
tiger, trying to break the nozzle of the
hose with his piece of lead pipe and to
turn It aside so that the stream would
not strike him. The cell doors at the
Broadway Jail are of solid iron
and fit so closely, as to be almost water
tight. 'It was but a few minutes,
therefore, before Sterling found him
self standing almost waist-deep In cold
water, while the heavy stream,, deflect
ed from the walls of the narrow room,
seemed to fill every inch of, space with'
a mixture of water and plaster. It was
probably the most: thorough if. not the
cleanest bath' the desperado ever had.
When Policeman Merchant finally
swung the cell door open, a flood of
water rushed forth that ', covered the
whole floor t of - the jail. The prisoner
was then in a thoroughly submissive
mood, and said, "Don't you hit me.
I'll come out." ' Andout he came. The
officers at once put him on his back
and did him up in a strait-
Jacket and leg-irons; Sterling was. then
driven away* to the ferry, where -the
deputies insisted that he be kept in
the patrol wagon until the other side
was . reached. ; ' Hence Policeman Doug
las, who had by - this time taken . Mer
chant's place, .got: a ride over to the
Oakland pier,. where the prisoner was
transferred; to the- train and started
safely on -his journey to- Folsom. i
| Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists. SOc flask. Richard &. Co.. 406 Clay.*.
An excellent programme, prepared
under the direction of Henry Holmes,
will 1 be rendered at Lyric Hall this
evening. The entertainment, which is
in. the ; form of a vaudeville bill, is to
be given for the benefit. of the,Cathe
dral Mission of Good Samaritans.
Will Give Vaudeville.
The funeral will take place to-mor
row morning at 10 o'clock from the late
residence of the deceased. A solemn
requiem high mass will be said at.St.
Mary's Cathedral. The remains wilt be
interred at Holy Cross Cemetery, j
Mrs. Sullivan was a native of New
Orleans, 55 years of age. She came to
this city many years ago and resided
here continuously until her death. Mrs.
Sullivan is survived by her husband.
John J. Sullivan, and eight children —
four sons and four daughters. One of
her sons, Thomas B. Sullivan, occupies
the position of news editor of The Call
and is one of the best known news
paper men in this city. • .
Mrs. Elizabeth .Mary Sullivan, a pi
oneer resident of this city, passed away
yesterday afternoon at her late resi
dence. 1450 Sacramento street.' after a
year's illness.
Of a pure, rich/unsweetened condensed
milk is Pioneer Brand Evaporated Creami
It is always available for every use to
which raw milk or cream is devoted and
is far. superior to the average quality cf
either. Prepared by Borden's Condensed
Milk Co. V •
The Perfection
DEATH'S CALM
FOLLOWS YEAR
OF SUFFERING
In the, pocket of a vest belonging: to
Crowiey was found a note addressed to
the landlord and written in pencil on
half a sheet of letter paper as follows:
"To the people of - the house — Please
excuse me for doing this, but I am
drove to it by bad luck and the .devil,
and a woman is the devil." He had ap
parenlly signed it, but had torn off the
part containing the signature. The
handwriting was the same as on the
address on 1 the package. •
A man who is supposed to have been
Gus M. Crowiey committed suicide • in
his room, 1104^ Mission street; yesterday
morning, by blowing his head off with
a double-barreled . shotgun. ; He had
taken his seat on a chair, placed a loop
round each of the triggers and tied the
cord' to his right big toe. | Then,' placing
both muzzles against" his . chin, he drew
the cord tight with his toe arid both
charges were exploded, -blowing his
head off. , ' .
R." J. Toomey, the landlord, heard the
loud report, and while he .was hasten
ing to the room occupied by Crowiey
he met Charles Lane, one of the room
ers, who had also heard the report, and
told Toomey he had seen smoke pour
ing out of Crowley's open window.
Toomey notified. Policeman Tyrrell,
who forced open the door of Crowley's
room and his eyes met the fearsome
sight.; .. *,¦:.;'
A The Morgue was informed of the case
and Deputy, Coroner Brown - went for
the body. Detective Coleman was also
detailed on the case. The landlord in
formed them that Crowiey rented the
room on April 2 and had the shotgun
with him at that time. He appeared
to be a laboring man about 35 years of
age, and had evidently, been a heavy
drinker. He did -not give his name,
but a package containing writing paper
had the name "Gus M. Crowiey" writ
ten on the cover.
Sterling's cellmates were C. C. Sult
ner and V. Giovanni. As soon as the
terrible stream of cold water began to
make things lively inside the cell, they
begged to be let out, but Sterling re
fused to ¦ permit the cell door to be
opened. These differences led to a fight
inside the cell, which culminated in
Sterling throwing the boiling water
SCALDS A CELLMATE.
j Naturally the jailers hesitated. There
were four jail officials- :; -Captain Sol
omon. Charles Dugan, Charles Feehan
and Mike Lynch-r-but none of them
desired to grapple . with Sterling,
his - alleged razor and .his
other less disputable armament.! They
called In Policemen . Cavanaugh and
Nelson from their beats near by, 'and
as Merchant came up -just then with
the patrol wagon he made the seventh
limb of the law on the ground.
¦It was finally decided to try the same
means that had ¦ proved effective at
San Bernardino. "A' two-inch hose was
turned into the little grating of Ster
ling's cell and the^l water was turned
on. In an instant' there was "some
thing doing" inside. - •
, Sullivan accordingly took extra pre
cautions, in planning for. Sterling's re
moval. Instead of using the ordinary
jail wagon, he called on the police de
partment for assistance and the patrol
wagon was sent up from headquarters
in charge of Policeman Merchant soon
after 6 o'clock . yesterday morning.
When Sterling was ordered to come
out* of- his cell, he refused and chal
lenged any of the jailers* to .come in
after him. He brandished a frying
pan, which he and his two cellmates
had been permitted to. have in their
cell, where they did some cooking. On
the oil stove; he also had a can fun of
boiling water, with which he promised
to scald any officer bold enough. to en
ter the celL But his most formidable
weapon was a two-f bot piece of lead
pipe which he had broken off the closet
in his cell. Besides. these visible means
of defense he' claimed to have a razor
in his pocket and Invited any of the
Jailers, who wanted his throat cut to
come on. .: -
On Saturday* night Chief Jailer J. E.
Sullivan told Sterling to prepare for his
trip to Folsom the next morning: "Not
on your life, old man," the convicted
highwayman responded. "I am well
enough satisfied to stay here, and the
man who tries to get me out of this
cell will be sorry for it." ¦;>"¦-'
¦ This .notorious desperado, who Is
deemed by the police one of ¦ the
mMst dangerous In the ; State, »vai
convicted of robbing George Evans
in his restaurant, 318% Third
strict, on the • night of No
vember 17. . His capture; ; after that
crime had been committed, was a work
of difficulty and came near costing De
tective O'Dea his life. Sterling was
found - by O'Dea in a Mission-street
lodging house. When the detective
called on him to surrender, _ the thuj;
drew a revolver and tried to- shoot
O'Dea, but ; the eun missed fire; and
Sterling was lioored by the officer strik
ing him on the head with a pair of
handcuffs. Still the desperate crook
managed to, set away before the
handcuffs could be fastened upon his
wrists.
Several weeks later'Sterling was ar
rested in, the South and locked up in
the San Bernardino County Jail. • Here
he scalded a newspaper reporter with
boiling coffee when the latter tried to
Interview him, and when the San Fran
cisco officers came after him he; refused
to surrended until they had \' played
water from a hose on him for several
hours. Sir Sterling was not a stranger
yesterday to the effects of agua pura
as a means of discipline.
STERLING'S TH KEATS. .
The virtues of cold water as a pro
moter'of good cell manners were thor
oughly tested. yesterday morning at the
County Jail in the case of-' George
Sterling who was sentenced on Satur
day by Judge Dunne to, twenty-five
years, in. Folsom priscm. "It required
seven men and a two-inch ; stream' of
water from a fire hose. tv Induce Ster
ling to leave his cell for his trip up the
road, and he surrendered only after he
bad badly scalded one of his cellmates
and when his cell was nearly full of
water. •
"McFadden's Flats," with its rol
licking fun. continues this week at the
California.
The four Mortons tripped out on the
Orpheum stage last night after an ab
sence of several months.. It could
easily be seen that they had been
missed by the crowd, for as soon" as
Sam and Kitty appeared they , were
greeted with a volume of cheers. Their
act is about the same as they present
ed on their last visit to thla city, and
that Is saying much for it. They pre
sented It as they alone can do. -.
Sam and Kitty did their old stunt of
monologue and their comical sayings
and expressions were as good as ever.
Clara sang and danced as vivaciously
as of yore and • got several encores
for her pains. Paul did a dude act
that was well worth the price and the
four, ended up with a rollicking Cock
ney song.
Edmund Day, Elmer E. Potter and
Patrice Winstan have a very touching
little sketch entitled "Shipmates." It
Is one of the best that Day has yet
produced and is modeled on original
lines. The acting-of the trio was very
clever and the Way Day and Potter
portrayed the quarrels of two old suits
was good to look upon.
Flo Adler jumped into ¦ immediate
prominence with a couple of popular
selections. She sang very well and her
ballads seemed to be quite the thing
for Orpheum audiences. Her last
song, "Why Don't You Go?" made
such a hit that she was forced to re
peat it several times. The Ellis-Now
lan 'trio of comedy acrobats made
good. All the holdovers, including
Blind Tom, the pianist, the four Wil
sons. James Cullen and Omar and
Margina, all had something new to
present.
Leaves Note That He Was
Driven to the Deed • by
;Bad Luck and a Woman
Holds Tliemat Bay Until He
Is Subdued by Stream of
'Water From the Jail Hose
"Shipmates," a Bright Lit
tle Skit, . Nicely Presented
by a Well-Balanced Cast
ACTS DELIBERATELY
DEFIES THE OFFICERS
EDMUND DAY'S PLAY
George > Sterling, Desperate
Convict, Fiercely Eesists
Removal to State 'Prison
Man Supposed to Have Been
(xiis M. Crowiey Commits
Suicide in Awful Planner
Popular: Family of Clever
Comedians Makes OrphQum
Audience 1 Laugh Heartily
MAKES A FORT
OF HIS CELL
OVATION GIVEN
FOUR MORTINS
USES SHOTGUN
TO CLOSE LIFE
. • . -, . . : . '-, ' . - ..; s ¦ , f - ..,...¦ \ r
THE 1 SANvFRANGISGC)^GALI';; MONDAV^APRIt- ; 11^1904:
Bornrtt'i Kxtrmct of Vanilla pre
—«•*.<! trom selected Vanilla Beans.. *
SAN DIEGO. April , 10,— Francis M. Pierce,
general secretary of , the ' Point ' Loma .' Theo
sophlcal Brotherhood;, and Mrs. 'Alice Vasques
of New York were married at the "Point Loma
Uumwicad tu-d ay.TgttfiBflH
Outinc of Little Girls.
:';¦• A large crowd, of little 'girls fromj.he
Little Mothers'/ /Training ,-i School en
joyed a ,* pleasant' outing: at. .Mount
Tamalpais on Saturday afternoon. iThie
party, leftthis'city. early./in 'the; morn-
Ing and 'spent: the day; roaming about
the mountain. * ,
SAX JOSE, April 10.— Louis Blazo.
who resides' near j Long Bridge, was
struck by. a car on V the San Jose-Los
Gatos Interurban electric ., road ¦ near
Meridan this afternoon and received
injuries from which 'he; may.' die. He
was walking along the track and ap
parently did not bear; the 'train. • •
Car Injures a Pedestrian.
SACRAMENTO. April 10. — A young
man who slated" before he died that
his name was Arthur Kreger at
tempted to board . a moving freight
train in the railroad yard of this city,
lost his hold, fell beneath the wheels
and had both legs severed from his
body. He was taken to the County
Hospital, where Jie died shortly after
his arrival. He said that his father
resides at Cleveland. Ohio.
12
To Be
Absolutely
Sure 1
of
Good
Teas
Coffees
Spices
Baking Powder
and
Good Things
to Eat
Extra Premiums
this week
It pays
to trade
Great American Importing Tea Go
861 Market 210 Grant ave. 1419 Polk
140 Sixth 1819 Devisadero 705 Larkin
475 Hatsht 3006 Sixteenth .355 Hayes
32ST> Mission f>21 Monte' ave. C2 Market
2CttS Flllmora 2518 Mission 145 Ninth
366 Third 2732 24th 46© Fourth
Small -babies quickly grow to
large babies when fed on Mel-
lin's Food. Mellin's Food
furnishes material for growth.
A sample of Mellin's Food costs you nothing
but the asking. Will you not then ask for
it for your baby's sake ? -
MELLIN'S FOOD CO- BOSTON^ MASS* .
W^Bfc* YOU WEAR 0 -
-4f|r* GLASSES i "
Are they soothing and restful? Do they re-
lieve the strain, blurring and Urine ot the #yes»
II not. use Ueo..Mayeri«'s Antiseptic Eyeglass*
* lp .? rs ZT 15c V. 2 f for 25c -' German Eyewater by
mail. ; b-c. Makes weak eyes strong, sora eyea
welL GEO. MATERLE. German Expert oV-
ticJan. 1071 -MARKKT-8T~-8- F.
4F8k f I A I #4 - Ammunition. HunUnc aarl ,
1 "I BnlV Sporting Good*. Uirg*st
I m B I 111 «ock; Lowest irice*. b«ncf
§ 1 1 I lfll-1 Ior catalogue.
W Vl« 1&? SHREVE i, BARBER CO .
* •• 7U0 Market »t. and 821
Kearay at. ¦
BAB-WAT'S BSAO7 RSLIHT has stood
unrivaled before tho public tor &o years as h
I Patn : Remedy. It : instantly; relieves and quickly
cures all Colds. Sore Throats. Influenza.*. Bron-
chitis. ; •¦• Pneumonia. .. Rheumatism. • , Neuralgia. 1
Headache," Toothache and all • pain.' - Internally"
tor Malaria and: all Bowel Pain. All dracxtjta.
Latest Importation
Dress Goods
Department.
The following two x lin3s of NEW GOODS
have been received fivais this week and on
InsDBGtion will be found exceptional Yalues?
Two cases 56-inch DEVONSHIRE and WEST
OF ENGLAND. JAILOR SUITINGS. These
Tweeds are In mixed colorings, invisible
checks and small, neat stripes. There are
a great varietu of colorings in the lot Theu
are all pure wool and are the gt> g
new fabrics so.much in demand /r%| V
for traveling dresses. Price V K* B uar(lf
Three cases 54riniMP0RTE ; D ENGLISH IRON
FRAME ALPACA. These Goods are from the
leading manufacturer of Bradford, England,
and are a veru high lustrous finish. Theu
come in the following colors, 1 Two shades
navu, two shades brown, shades gt> jj f\()
of tan, cream and medium and /%! V
dark grau mixtures, Price v +^ i uarcti
WRITE FOR SAMPLES OF ABOVE GOODS.
Extra Special.
500 dozen* Sheer Linen and Linen Cambric
Hemstitched Ladies 1 HANDKER- Cl-OO
CHIEFS (Irish manufacture)...... 4>fidoz.
HJ, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Goldberg BowenS Co.
FOUR QUALITY FOOD STORES
42tMS2 Pine SL, San Fratndsco, • . . Telephone Private Exchange L
2i.)-234 Sutter St. " .'.-..• *• ". 100
2S23 California St. " *'. .-.^••> « West 101
Cor. 13th and Clay St. Oakland • " Main 1
Quality and Price Sale AH the Week
Articles sold at Speeiml Sale prices unless orderd with
other good* not delivered C O. D.
The following list selected from our regular stock -
stop a moment and figure what you save by these special
prices — it means wholesale buying in retail quantities.
Creamery Table Butter — 2 lb squares — full weight 2 squares 85
Costa Rica Coffee 20 Smyrna Figs-Locoum
t- l **¦ ¦ . tiL,, n ,^ Eat plenty of them— reg'iy 90c—
The addition of cream 5 lb can 1.0a s lb box-finest !n flavor
:n this coffee gives it an exquisite , , .....
flavor and color— extremely palatable CondenSeCl MllK 10
and invigoratins:— It? host of friends * Rose brand-reg'ly 15c-|l.35 doz 1.15
have an advantage this week— ir . , .. Oi , >^*J Arrn si
reg'iy 25c-5 ib dn $i.40 Kmgsford's Starch-Oswego tl
T^«<- n- 2- r* Best for the laundry— reg'iy $1.35—
1 eas — Direct importation 55 12 lb box
First time weVe o lb box $2.90 Shredripd Codfish s for •>=>
advertised this grade of tet-R flavors- 3 " n,SS h^ iJS r^M v in rZ*
regly 75c lb-J3.50 box — its superior QuJck-clean-good-reg ly 10c .pkg
strength and flavor makes it as Mushrooms— F. Lecourt 20
economical as lower priced teas- . The same prkc in 5 case lot5 _
bay plenty-you'll like it res » ly 25c c K an
We ship to the country at city prices
estimates for camping parties supplied — deal here and' be sure of
the best — get our priefs before making your purchases.
Bir t d 2-% t <,z~r™l,! y o 1 Sr ,1?,. Oyster Cocktail Sauce 20
for dainty sandwichw reg ly 2oc bot-$2.65 doz
Cox Gelatine— Large size 12^ University Oats V', o-
The*^n<sH for vears— • •«> W'nAsf i 3 for 2o
res'ly tl.75 doz ' 1.50 _. . u ? i -iw',
— , ., , Clean fresh stock— 2 lb pkg
French Mustard— D & G 15 _ ..
Ready to use— piquant flavors— Grape NutS-Reg'ly 15c pkg 4 for 45
reg'iy 20c bottle
French Vinegar 40 Whole Wheat Flour . so
White wine— extra strength— • Bakes wholesome— not white 65
no adds— reg'iy 50c gal bread— reg'lv 35c— 10 lb—
Stove Blacking-Liquid 20 75c ~ 25 Ib 5ack
; {Block $aten) 3 for 50 Kippered Herring 2o
tfeg'ly 25c can— $2.75 doz Crosse & Blackwell— . 2.70
Vulcan ' Matches-Paraffine 40 «« > 'y**-*«5*«
Reg'iy 50c doz boxes- gross 4.25 French Peas— D.& G 25
44:>0 matches Extra fin Petits Pois— 2.60
01 i ves— Manzanilla No 1 20 rcg ' y 30c ~* 325 doz
ferMJ^f^^i 1 " 75 Horse-radish" Mustard' 10
reg ly jpc ql-Mc gaJ Wholesome relish on boiled meats -
Italian Prunes 4 lbs 25 reg'lv 15c botUe
Tart truit-reg'iy ioc ib French Sardines-lspa
Molasses— New Orleans 75 ' ;**«<> KKiio
The kind for ginger bread— Reg'iy 15c —$1.65 22Jc— J2.50
mola5«;e^ jll— reg'iy $1 gallon ..special 12}c— 1.50 20c — 2.20
Shipping groceries to the country
our particular hobby— The best foods here — never the cheapest —
experienced packers guarantee safe delivery — prompt and reliable
service — send for illustrated catalogue.
Crackers— Prompt service Candy— fresh— good
Champion ) An 8 el Food Re s''y ** n> 25
Frisco Lunch j Carton 15c 12^ Fudge ;>*.;socib 20
u;/vU T v Hazen's Zephyrs " 4o c ib 25
High Teas ) Chocolate molasses
Ginger Nuts > 1 u> can 25c 20 Molasses Taffy ( tl WjL \£
Opera Wafers ) Peanut % \ 16 1
House Furiyshlngs ; v
Hand Press 25 Window Screens
For potatoes— fruits — vegetables — cio»ed Open closed open
beef-wine-iellies-iams-ree'ly 4<>c Sizes 18x18 1n 33 in 24x24 in 37 in
. o i reg'iy 25c 35c
Lemon Squeezer 10 special 20c • 25c
K\\ glass-reg'ly 15c Coff ee Pot— Agate 75
Chamois— IS X 2 1 in.> '¦' :V£! 40 * For boiIed co^ce— 2 qt— reg'iy 90c
Ge.iuine Enjlish skin-reg'ly 50c Coffee Pot— French biggin 85
Tooth PickS-World's Fair 20- Agate-tin top-lj*' qts-reg'ly $1.05
Hardwopd-polished-1500 in carton- Jelly Moulds—^"^S^nSf"""
reg'ly25c 8 i rc , . ..i P t i« piu 2pn
Gas Tapers- %; reg'iy ioc 5c £S ' & gj 4%;
Order your country supplies here
don't run lisks — you can depend upon the quality of food — safe ;
packing and prompt delivery — of many years experience shipping
out of town orders. '~4*>.-;
Toilet Secrets
Sheftieid 2 for 25 Colgate's Toilet Soap 30
Oatmeal — Honey— Glycerine — 1.15
reg'iy 35c box 3 cakes —
Pond'S Extract— Medium size 65 $1.49 doz— Ige size.
Dandruff Cure— Coke's 60 Pear's Soap— Unscented 10;
Toilet Water-Roger &Gaiiet 75 LaBlache Face Powder 30
Assorted odors— reg'iy $i—8 oz bot— Mennen's Borated —
axis prfce to close Talcum Powder 2 boxes 25 i
Porcelain refrigerators — Tile and crystal Ijned —cast
brass with nickel plated mountings — ornamental-
durable— practical. Illustrated Catalogue free.
Liquor Departftierit'c f
G.n— Booth's O1^ om 90 Grape Juice— El Verde 25 I
Reg'iy $1 bot-$ll dor 10.50 Muscatel-Zinfandtl^ 2.75;
Rron/iv T"afifnmiji Unfermented wine— •
D.anay-Califorma g reg'. y 30c-$3.25dozpts
*£& &c "I 'i Scotch Whisky-Jorum's 1.65
W'hisky-G B & Co-O K Bourbon ' D fj!^** f0& M !
R P1 r'!v fi t f« rj] CuraCaO-White— Stone • j^
Ssa %i i n rc2 ' iyiL5i - u i
Jurgundy— Mt Vineyard 65 Anisette-M B & R * 1 25 '
Dilute one-third-reg'ly $1 gal J ? , c u ?, T S 1
j U \\r. ,.r . Popular French cordial— 14.50 i
• ort Wine— California 30 reg'iy $1.50-$16.60 dox i
V^7t-$LBo ga i . 1A0 Angostura Bitters-Re K 'iyS5c 70'
Cigar Department
To make things hum in the cigar department. A few/
n't! cuts this week. * .' '
EL REPOSO Per Box E ¥ L J EL f EG » RA ?9 P * r Bo » (
t w^ r » .t , In box of Rfj-iiltrlr Special ,
««.bo*of Reriy special Predosa . i50 5*5.50 U.dO ,
Weina"Vi\toria Extra 100 $11 $g Brevas Finas 25 ' 2.75 2.40
Cabelleros 100 10 7.50 Diplomatica 50 5.50 4*75 i
•-'rincessa 100 5.50 5.00 ?f st ,° 1 nians lo 0 10.00 8.50 I
\ . Alcalde 100 .. -10.00 9.00. j
'&*-• ADVEBTISEMENTa. ;.:...__ /
Sensation a (Bargains
REMEMBER/FORTHISWEEKONLY
- ¦ ' '• , ¦ ¦ ¦ *¦ ¦ • '..:¦''¦'•" : ¦¦•*;¦,"..¦:* < • !'* -\ f! i"*v: ' i- : v ..
Owing to our large manufacturing , of' Cloaks and' Suits, as we
employ in our - factory over .^oo . people,, also having large contracts
coming daily from our branch factory: in. New York, we -find, that we
are absolutely crowded in our store at 1 142 Market 'street.
S65,000 Worth of Cloaks and Suits
AVc Must Unload Them.
Therefore we give all the benefit to the ladies of 'Frisco' and the-
surrounding towns at one-half price. It has never; been known- of % ;
such great bargains in the beginning of the spring that we can only ;
- mention a few here. ' , • , . '". . . .
" 4 JUST THINK OF. IT. a NEW SPRING SUIT, made up in. the r
¦ last forty, days, regular- price in New York would; be ' : 'QlO, 'T7tZ : ;'.
' $27.50; we wiir place, them for this' week onlyi at.;... .-:-.yFv # —
VERYGENTEEL SPRING SUITS, all sizes; regular. price in ,
New York $35.06; we' will\ place, them this' week only 5ft '
Our large variety * of 3000 SKIRTS and -tremendous line "of 2000 /
JACKETS in^CoyertKSilk^Pongee , and White Crepe ' and 800
CHILDRENIS; COATSj ali^vjllbeplacedonthe same reduction.
We must make room, and we : need«money.'.-
¦^^^*^^ Wholesale 'Manufacturers . ,
IT 1142-1146 Market St. /