j*jgg!S5fr*HE WEATHER.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for
thirty hour?, end'ag midnight. Deeam-
E.-3 Francisco and vicinity: Fair
Monday; Iljht aorthcrJy i*!iu:.
G. II. WILL.SOX.
Xjocal Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 2G.
WASHINGTON MAY HAVE
A WHIPPING POST.
PHO33CT m$m f^vor
SUGGESTED BY THE PRESIDENT
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON. Dec. 25. — In conse
quence of a single passage in President
Roosevelt's annual message to Con-
GTcss a movement has been started
In the District of * Columbia which
may result in the establishment of a
whipping- post for wife-beaters in the
national capital. In his message the
President said:
"There are certain forms of brutal
ity and cruelty toward the weak
which need a special type of punish
ment- The wife-beater, for example,
is Inadequately punished by imprison
ment, for imprisonment may often
mean nothing to him, while lr may
cause hunger to the wife and children
who have been the victims of his
brutality. Probably some form of cor
poral punishment would be the most
adequate way cf meeting this kind of
crime."
Interviews with clergymen, police
officials. Judges and others who come
into touch with the criminal classes
show that there is a strong Eentlment
In favor of setting up a whipping post
In Washington. The Right Rev. Henry
DR. ABBOTT'S VIEW
HELD CENTURIES AGO
Hebrew Writers First to Advance
Lberat Conception of God.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
CHICAGO, Dec. 25.— "Liberal think
ers have ; discarded the conception of
God as a huge being who sits in state,
enthroned in a bank of clouds. - -The
ixlfca of God as such a personality, with
a stick in his right hand and a sugar
plum in his left, the one to be used to
chartise the bad and the other to re
ward the good, is not an idea ■which Is
accepted by minds which have ad
vanced with the advance of the world."
So declares Dr. Emil G. Hirsch, in ex
pressing his belief in the pantheistic
doctrine and disbelief in God as a con
crete personality, as enunciated by Dr.
Lyn-.an Abbott, Consregationalist, be-
GIRL KISSES
CULLOM AND
BRINGS LUCK
Freeial rHsoatch to The CalL
CHICAGO, Dec. 25.— A fortune of
J20.000 and a sweetheart are the Christ
mas gifts which have been brought to
Mi*s Harriet Bwigert of Ablngdon, 111.
Miss Swicert made a heavy bid for
fame by throwing herself upon the
ehoulcer of Senator Cullom and kissing
him rapturously last Tuesday because
he had obtained the discharge of her
sweetheart, John Pierce, from the Hos
pital Corps of the United States Army
just as he was to be sent to the Philip
pines.
Pierce was planning to marry Miss
Bwigert during the holidays and had
applied for a discharge on that ac
count, but early in the week he learned
that he was to be sent across the Pa
cific and wired to his bride-elect to that
effect. Bhe immediately went to Wash
ington and prevailed upon Senator Cul
lom to obtain the young man's dis
cto&rsre from army duty.
At this time she knew nothing of the
fortune awaiting her, and only yester
day Ehe was advised that about $60,000
from the estate of her grandfather,
Daniel G- Burner, was to be divided
between her brother and herself.
REFORMS TO BE GRANTED
BY THE CZAR OF RUSSIA
Zemstvos to Have Voice in Council of
State and the Press to
Be rree.
LONDON. Dec 26. — A dispatch to a
news agency from St. Petersburg says
it can be stated on reliable authority
that the manifesto on the subject of
reform* approved bj' Emperor Nicho
las will contain four points as follows:
First, each Zemstvo shall send to
4he Council of State three representa
tives to advise on the question of in
ternal affairs; second, the press cen
.^orsh'p shall be abolished and the
Ijress ma.de free; third, freedom of
conscience shall be allowed, and
fourth, elementary education shall be
made compulsory throughout the em
pire.
The- l»aily Mail's St. Petersburg cor
- respondent says that the manifesto
probably will be issued December 26.
POLISH WORKINCMEN HAVE
FATAL CLASH WITH TROOPS
Kc^iiii'-nt.il Commander Killed When
Soldiers Try to Put Stop to a
Demonstration.
BAZON, Russian Poland. Dec. 2Z.
After the midnight mass at the Roman
Catholic- Cathedral a crowd composed
of woikinprmen paraded the streets
carrying red (lags. The military au
thorities in trying to disperse it were
received with shots.- A serious en
counter followed in which the com
mander of the Twenty-sixth Regiment
was killed end a gendarme was
trounded. One of the demonstrators
was killed.
The San Francisco Call.
Y. Satterlee, Bishop of Washington,
siid:
"By whipping only, I believe, can
this form of contemptible crime be
reached effectively- It is a matter of
grave concern, and the arguments
raised against the present system of
punishment, consisting of fines and
imprisonment that fall far more heavily
upon the wives and children of offend
ers than vi'On the offenders them
selves, are true. By whipping I do not
mean that the man who beats his wife
should be unmercifully flogged or
lashed ' into insensibility. I would
r?ther advocate for such a man a
whipping, which, while it might not
tear his skin and lacerate his body,
would cut with stinging force into his
ecnsibilites and shame him."
A great majority of clergymen in
Washington favor the whipping post.
Several preachers oppose the idea as
tending to brutality and Rev. Tunis
Shamlln says whipping would be as
unsuccessful as lynching.
The sentiment, however, is bo
strongly in favor of trying the experi
ment that it is likely a bill will be in
troduced in Congress when it reassem
bles after the holiday recess.
fore the Harvard students last Sunday
In a sermon which has -caused general
comment. Dr. HIrsch declared the idea
of Dr. Abbott to be the llteraltheolog-
Ical view, and said he was in accord
with.it.ri-:-:* ■■ •-*;■ *■ •-■"-'•---'s'V
"Dr. Abbott is. following the modern
school of liberal thought."- said Dr.
Hirsch, . "and Is saying nothing which
will come as a surprise to Jewish theo
logians. While modern theologians hold
the same views as Dr. Abbott, the Ideas
are really not new at all, for they were
first suggested by Jewish writers about
700 years ago. Dr. Abbott may be said
to be merely coming back to ancient
Jewish doctrines."
MILLIONS
FOR DEPOT
BUILDINGS
Preclal Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO. Dec. 25,— Thirty million
dollars is the sum which the Pennsyl
vania Railroad Company is prepared
to spend in constructing a new rail
way station in Chicago. Twenty mil
lions of • this sum will be used in ac
quiring land adjoining*, the present
Union Depot, to make the site com
mensurate with the enterprise, and
$10,000,000 will be expended on build
ings. When the work is completed
Chicago will have one of the largest
railway terminals in the world.
The site of the new terminal, as
planned by the architects and engineers
of the Pennsylvania Company, will oc
cupy seven square blocks of territory.
In this territory it is the intention of
the company to erect a group of sup
ply and storage warehouses and a
huge freight warehouse and passenger
depot. In its magnitude the plan of the
Pennsylvania company surpasses that
which has been carried out in the city
of Washington, where more than $25,
000,000 was expended.
COLORADO AXD WYOMING i
VISITED • BY SNOWSTORM
Feared That Great Damage Will Be
Done to Stock on Uie_ .
Ranges.
DENVER. Dec. 25. — A general
snowstorm began this afternoon in
Colorado and Wyoming. Following
suddenly an extended p.eriod of mild
weather, it is feared that considerable
damage to. stock on the open ranges
will result. No reports of interrup
tion to traffic have been received at
railroad headquarters and prompt ac
tion in sending out snow plows may
ward off trouble of this kind. The
storm was ushered in by a high wind,
which soon died down, however.
PREPARING TO SHIP COAL
. FROM PITTSBURG BY BOAT
Indications That Rise in River Will
Enable Vessels to Carry It
Southward. • ■
PITTSBURG, Dec 25.— Plttsburg
harbor was a lively place to-day.
River men, in : anticipation of a suf
ficient rise In the rivers by to-mor
row to take heavy coal shipments to
southern points, have been busy pre
paring for it. Forecaster Ridsway is
not ' positive, but the coal companies,
encouraged by the continued mild
weather and favorable reports from
up-river* points, have had steam up all
day In every towboat in the harbor,
preparing for the • down-river U"ip. .
If the* expected rise materialize It
will be the first ' since early in : July,
and at least 5,000,000 bushels of coal
will be shipped- before sundown to
morrow. There are about 15.000,000
bushels in the Plttsburg and , Monon
gahela pools ready for shipment and
as fast as barges and boats. can be
rushed to this point they will-be load
ed and returned south.
SAN FRANCISCO,: MONDAY. DECEMBER 2(), 1904.
"BIG STICK"
TO STRIKE
AT CASTRO
Uncle Sam Is Soon
to Curb tlie
Dictator,
Europe Is Urging America
to Assume tlie Role
of Policeman.
Foreign Fowers Re^ch limit of En
dnranca and Are Ready for
Drastic Measures.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 25.— Conditions
bordering upon anarchy, caused by
President's Castro's despotic rule in
Venezuela; are known in detail to the
State Department. American interests
which have suffered have importuned
the department to take some radical
action to assure them protection. For
eign interests have been so outraged
that the use of force by one or more
European Governments in behalf of
their citizens depends only on whether
or not the United States is disposed to
act as policeman in Venezuela.
England, Italy and Germany, the
powers which formed a special alliance
to coerce Venezuela into the payment
of long-standing claims in 1902, are dis
gusted with the attitude of President
Castro. They have made it known, to
the. United State in no uncertain terms
that they would welcome action by the
United States in bringing pressure to
bear upon President Castro. . Y:'-
Eiihu Root's speech on the' Monroe
doctrine -and the "big 6tick" before-the,
New England Society in New York on
Thursday.-, was '.. regarded by; many. In
Washington as the forerunner of strong
action against President Castro, possi
bly in the shape of .warships in Vene
zuelan waters. . Root's speech was dou
bly >lgniflcant, as there-has been more
or less Inspired newspaper comment re
cently regarding the obligation of the
United States to keep turbulent repub
lics,in order, instead of permitting Eu
ropean Governments to, do it, at the
risk of violating the Monroe doctrine.
It is admitted that the situation in
Venezuela is extremely serious; that
European Governments are getting so
tired of wasting time and diplomacy
that they are almost willing to adopt
stronger means, but would prefer that
the United States should do it.
President Roosevelt has declared re
peatedly that he would rather take the
responsibility for making the South
American republics live up to their ob
ligations than see English, German,
Italian or French warships coming
across the seas to do it.
RICHES AWAIT
A SAILOR LAD
Bluejacket Eetums From a
Cruise to Learn That He
Is a Man of Some Means
Si«clal Dispatch to The Call
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 25.— William
McCabe of Lompoc, whose whereabouts
were unknown for many years, has re
turned to Santa Barbara to find that
he is a rich man. When he left Santa
Barbara his mother was living, and
owned a piece of land in Lompoc that
was heavily encumbered with debts and
supposed to be worth very little.'. He
entered the transport service between
San Francisco and the Orient and later
enlisted in the navy. In a few years
his mother died and all efforts to locate
the son were fruitless.
E. C. Tallant was appointed trustee
of the property, and succeeded In clear
ing it of all debt and realizing from the
property incomes something more than
$2000, which Is now in the bank to
young McCabe's credit. Just after re
enlisting in the navy a few days ago
for another four-year period McCabe
heard of the happy, turn of. his for
tunes and made a quick trip to Santa
Barbara. . Y
When returning to San Francisco to
resume his duties in the navy he was
asked if he needed any money and he
replied: "No, I'm getting $50 a month
and find I can get along on that. Just
let the lump accumulate until I get
through with the navy and come back."
CANADIAN DENIES STORY
OF ELECTION BRIBERY
Finance 3Iinister Fielding States That
the Accusations Arc With
out Foundation.
NAPLES. Dec. 25.— W. S. Fielding.
Finance Minister in the 1 Canadian
Government, arrived here aboard. the
steamship Cretic at 6 o'clock this
evening. '„'.'-' '
Concerning the petitions, filed in the
Supreme Court against himself. Sir
Frederick W. Borden, Minister ;of
Militia and Defense,- and other lead
ing Liberals of Parliament from,Nova ;
Scotia, asking that their seats Un* Par-,
liament ,be declared /vacant > on "the
ground of alleged i bribery i committed
by' agents on their behalf? in' the ; gen^
eral election of November, 3, ;i Fielding
said the reports of corruption* in.^ the
election were ": /. absolutely . without
foundation. V^^9HMBBBB!
CAMPAIGN
FOR A TOGA
IS BITTER
Minnesota Legislator
Makes Bribery
Cliarge.
Claims He Was Offered Pay
to Oppose Senator
Clapp.
Governor Van Sant Deeply Angered
by Insinuations Aimed at
Eis Candidacy «v
Special Dispatch to The Call
ST. PAUL, Dec 25.— On! the eve of the
convening of the State Legislature to
elect a United States Senator to suc
ceed Moses E. Clapp, charges of brib
ery are rife and an intense "arid bitter
strife is in' progress. . Senator Clapp is
a candidate for re-election.' J. B. Gil
fillan of Minneapolis is. also a candi
date. The formal;- announcement by
Governor Samuel R. Van iSant that he
also is in the fight has created con
sternation. To make the situation more
sensational Republican - Senator-elect
Frank Haskell says in ; a published
statement:
"I was offered $1000 to make a public
interview in repudiation of .Senator
Clapp. I was offered an additional $1000
if I would induce another Ramsey
County Repubican to glve'a "similar in
terview. The party was a' "friend of
mine and. I cannot- give his name. I
do not want to cause him' any trouble."
Governor Van Sant said: » "I am mad
der than I have been, since the Civil
War, and -I never felt more; like flight
ing since that time; .It Sis -more than
forty years sinde that -. great • struggle
ended, but- 1 think^there, 71s one more
fight in. me arid >I. would .go, into, this
struggle if ";' I;.kn«wi.£CvWJj». 'a, forlorn
hope/ I have :ndbhlng'to*»ay about the
base insinuations • aimed : at me. —My
record is an open book.- 1 ■am.withthe
people and will even go down to defeat.
If necessary; fighting' for good govern-
ment and clean politics."' . / »;
Governor Van . Sant is busy writing
his message ■;■ to the Legislature : and
strongly advocates the enactment of
laws for the control of railroad freight
and . passenger t rates. Of his \ fight
against the merger he has nothing to
say except a recital of the. facts.
It was owing to, the fact that Senator
Clapp has failed to satisfactorily de
fine his position on tariff revision' and
Control of railroad rates and the belief
that he was the candidate favored by
the railroads that the spontaneous de
mand for a candidate with pronounced
views on these vital questions should
be brought forth. \
"We want a. man who does things,",
said the country press, and the Van
Sant boom was started.
BED FOLDS
ON A 200
POUND MAN
Victim Survives Bat
Fei Hours After
Accident.
Special Dispatch to The Call
SPRINGFIELD. Mo., Dec. , 25 —Ed
ward C. Coke died here to-day from in
juries sustained 'by the collapse of a
■folding bed last night- He weighed 200
pounds, yet the bed folded and broke
his back. . V---'-'
Coke, whose family is visiting in Cal
ifornia, had taken a room for the night
at a- lodging-house and, according to
his own statement, was\ Just falling
asleep when the bed closed. The pres
sure was so great when the bed closed
that Coke's body broke through the
woodwork and forced the springs and
bedding to the floor. Besides sustaining
a broken back Coke wsa completely
paralyzed and (lied a few hours later.
CHICAGO STOREKEEPER
s , BEATEN AND ROBBED
Unsuccessful in His Efforts to Save
Proceeds of Christmas Eve
Trade. ' ': '
CHICAGO, Dec. 25.— Beaten Into .in
sensibility by four masked robbers, who
entered the dry- goods store of O. ; L:
Larson & Co. early to-day, A. G. Krog
sted,. a partner; In '.the firm, was com-,
pelled'-.to, lie with his hands and,feet
tied while a safe on an upper floor was
blown open and$lS00 in money taken'/; •
; Aft<r: dismissing" the employes Satur
day night, -Krogsted, • fearing that j rob
bers.might be attracted to" the store be
cause of; the heavy. Christmas; business
transacted intheplace duringthe day,
decided to' remain, in the store all night
and guard K the money. While , he * was
dozing in ! his ? office - at ' daybreak. 5 v:f our
men! broke, into the place and attacked
Krogsted s with ; clubs. ■ He .was soon lun
conscious from "the 'blows* and the men
ransacked .-"■ the store. *3§SfJiStlS
VILLKERS
DROWSED
BY BEARS
Starying Brutes Raid
Coast Towns ol
Kamchatka.
The Harold Dollar Brings
Account of War Between
Men and Beasts.
Inhabitants of One Settlement Rill
x 150 Animals in a Day and Ship
Their Pelts on Steamer.
Captain M. H. Thwing of the steamer
Harold Dollar, which returned yes
terday morning from the eastern coast
of Siberia with a very valuable cargo
of furs, tells of an invasion of the cities
and villages on the east coast of the
Kamchatkan Peninsula , by hundreds
of starving Siberian bears. The fero
cious animals, driven from the moun
tains by hunger, made their way to the
inhabited regions of the coast and for
days kei>t the natives in a state of
semi-seige. In Ustakamchatka, a
small town near the city of Petropau
lovski, one hundred and fifty of the
savage brutes were . shot in a single
day, as they roamed among the houses
in search of food.
During this day, which was the worst
of all, only one of the natives ventured
to leave his house, and he was attack
ed and killed by the bears. After the
brutes had 'been killed or driven from
the village, the body of this man was
found partly devoured near, his house.
The hungry animals "even tried to tear
their way into the houses and but for
the: fact i that the natives, who make
their living by . hunting* were well pro
vided with fire arms, many human lives
would have been- lost. • -V -."-[' 'I " ; .
In Petropaulovskl. which- is a largo
sea' port on I A vatcha Bay on - the { the
southeast point „ of the Peninsula of
Kamchatka*, f our- betrr^ were £ shot . in
the ; streets - in one. day ' and, a* young
cub, captured alive, .was brought to
San Francisco on -the Harold Dollar.
For '.days' there .was a veritable reign of
terror in;the .- city. / The i school'- was
closed, .and". women and children re
mained in their homes, while bands of
armed men patrolled the streets night
and: day hunting bears among the
houses. . - ' _; : ■ ,
VMaiy.of the smaller, towns: and fish-
Ing villages along the coast were at
tacked by the starving . bears, but at
none of these places was the number
killed sq large as at. Ustakamchatka.
Captain ..Thwine at his home in Oak
land yesterday gave the,following-ac
count of the invasion 1 of the bears, the
skins of many of which are now packed
in the hold of the Harold Dollar, await
ing 'shipment to London:
"These bears live In the range of mountains
which runs through the center ot the peninsu
la X)l*- Kamchatka, and they live for the most
parn- J on salmon which they • catch from . the
river* and streams. As nearly as I could learn,
the natives think the salmon did not run far
enough • up the- rivers this year for the bears
to lay in their ueusl store provisions, and as
ihe .winter came on the animals were driven
by starvation to seek food on the sea coast.
..While the steamer ; was at Petropaulovjkl
the bears attacked a number of villages along
the coast, and at Ustakamchatka one hundred
and. fifty were shot in one day from the win
dows of houfieK. These bears weigh about 90o
or - 1000 pounds, and when . hungry are very
savage. The sUins of nearly all the bears that
were killed at Ustakamchatka were sold to th«
company, and were among the cargo brought
to San Francisco on the Harold Dollar. . .
A rumor was started ' on the water
front yesterday that the Harold Dollar
had; been chased and fired upon by a
Japanese cruiser, on the homeward voy
age* but Captain Thwing ridiculed the
story. ; Ho said:..
< We left the ■Siberian coast on December 10.
and did not even «eea ship of any kind until
we were : within sight: of. the Golden Gate. In
fact, v/e did not see any vessel whatever after
we , were two days out from Seattle on our
voyage toithe coast of Siberia.
. I have no idea where the story of our being
chased by, a Japanese cruiser originated, un
less it was told by some member ot the crew
as a Joke. Had any Japanese vessel chased
us we should have been ■ captured, for the
Dollar is not a fast ship, and had we been
caught the f Japs' would have got a rich prize,
for our cargo of seal, sable and- sea otter furs
Is valued at about $SC0.CCO.
COLLISION OF- ICE YACHTS
COSTS THREE , MEN'S LIVES
Going at' Lightning Speed Two Boats
i Come Together on Onon
,.'.»„- , .',-. daca Lake..
SYRACUSE, N. Y., Dec. 25.— Three
men were killed and three were serious
ly^ hurt : ■ In > a -; crash of two iceboats
speeding | before a gale' of wind at the
rate of t fifty; miles - an hour on • Onon
daga Lake thlsafternoon.\ The dead:
» 'JAMES JACKSON. ,
CHARLES MARKHAM.
GEORGE TODD.
Theaccident occurred after the first
of the season's regattas of the Onon
daga \ Lake .Yacht Club, which "brought
1500; persons to the lake;- Over Its sur
face a* fierce gale drove the fleet of ice
yachts at express-train speed. Toward
.the ' close of the afternoon the, Warner
brothers, \with • Fred Warner ~&t the
tiller, bore up the lake with the wind
abaft, the Blitz, with Caleb Boss steer-
Ing, "approached in. the opposite direc
tions Each ' craft carried five persons.'
As the . yachts neared eacn ' other both
men tried toavoid' a collision, but both
turned in the, same direction.
VICE PRESIDENT-ELECT
V • ):■;: FALSELY* - REPORTED DEAD
PITTSBURG. Dec. 26.— A sensational
rumor circulated: last night that \Vice
President-elect Fairbanks ;-/ had J died
while on ■ a ' train I from * Washington en
route '■ to Indianapolis was officially, dis^
proved : ; upon - the arrival ."of the train
here.at,2:S0 o'clock; this morning.
Senator, Fairbanks ..was ,' seen ; - by, a
press representative \ and ; seemed \ much
chagrined , that ; such : a '- report could ■ be
circulated/ He never ' felt better : in his
life;* he ' said: . : .
THJE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR— "Old Ueid«n»r»." Uat
lnee to-day.
CALIFORNIA — "Shore Acre«." Mat
inee to-day.
COLUMBIA— "The Sultan of Sulu."
Matinee to-day.
CEXTKAL— —Ibe Heart of " Cblcajo."
Matinee to-day. .
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S — Vaudeville.
GRAND — "The Darling of the Gods."
MAJESTIC— "A Contented Woman."
Matinee to-day.
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville. Matinee to
■ day.-' ■•*..-- . w . ■ . _■
TrV'OLI—VKlnc Dodo." MaUnee to-day.
RAILROADS LINE UP
AGAINST PRESIDENT
Congress to Be Battleoround
on tlie Rate Question.
Roosevelt Will Not Yield
FORM PLAN
FOR SEATING
OF PEABOBY
Scheme of Colorado
Republican Legis- >
lUlLUl Ui ." ; *
' DENVER, Dec. 25.— If the Fifteenth
General Assembly ; of Colorado, which
is to meet- on Wednesday. January 4.
shall put Into effect the plans formu
lated by the managers of the Republi
can post-election campaign, 'Governor
James H. Peabody may serve as chief
executive for two years" more, despite
the fact that Alva Adams . still has
nearly 10,000 plurality since the votes of
five Denver precincts were thrown out
by order of the Supreme. Court in con
sequence of frauds exposed in contempt
proceedings against election officials.
There will be a Republican majority
of thirty or more In the General Assem
bly, which will canvass the vote for
State officers. *lt is proposed to have
the General Assembly appoint a special
committee of nine to twelve members,
to which will be submitted the evidence
of wholesale election frauds.
The Republican managers maintain
that, with the fraudulent vote of Den
ver eliminated. Governor Peabody will
have at least 7000 plurality in this
county and 2000 In thla State.
. It is not Intended that the legal votes
shall be sifted from the illegal and
then counted, or that the Legislature
shall reject the entire vote of Denver
County, because to do this would not
accomplish the reseating of Governor
Peabody; but it is proposed that about
100 Democratic precincts shall be
thrown ; out on , the ground of alleged
frauds and that the vote of the Repub
lican . precincts shall be counted. They
assert that. the Supreme. Ccurt has es
tablished a precedent lor such a pro
cedure...:.?" .
The Democratic leaders declare there
Is a monstrous conspiracy behind the
disclosures of fraud shown \ In contempt
proceedings before, the Supreme Court.
They state that the bunches c-f spurious
ballots, all in one handwriting, found
In : the boxes . from * different precincts,
could not have been placed in the boxes
on \ election day without . having > been
observed . by the 'watchers and charge
that ' the i boxes ■} have '•' been tampered
PRICK FIVE CENTS.
RAILWAY MAN* WHO DISAPPROVE;
OF ROOSEVELT'S POLICY OF FED
KRAI. AUTHORITY OVER ROADS.
CALL BUREAU, POST BUILDING.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 23.— President
Roosevelt and those members of his
administration interested in railroad
legislation along the lines of his mes
sage have begun to realize they have
a big fight on their hands in trying
to accomplish anything at the present
session of Congress. They are prepar
ing accordingly;' so are the railroads.
President Roosevelt has arranged hia
lines. for a siege of Congress as soon
as it assembles next week. Secretary
Morton is - taking the' railroad side of
the fight, and urging Important rail
road men to- join in the movement and
assist in . framing' legislation. He has
not. been very, successful up to date.
Certain railroad influences have al
ready been felt 'in both, branches of
Congress' and the plan of certain Sen
ate* leaders to postpone legislation
pending ah Investigation by a congres
sional commission. Instead of being
- given up.' is likely to be pushed harder
than. ever.. ,. '.'■• ..:■:'•_■
The, railroads have been preparing
already for, a. campaign on the rate
question. Officials of some of the great
trunk systems have been .writing «iS
niflcant letters to "Washington. They
have established a bureau of Informa
tion and otherwise indicated that they
would like to get their case before the
public. , .,
j President Marvin Hughltt of the
Chicago and - Northwestern led * off In
the publicity campaign in his speech
yesterday before the Commercial Club
of: Sioux City. Iowa, which was on a
visit to thlscity.'-' Other "railroad mag
nates throughout the., country are ex
pee'ed to follow Hughitt's example.
Hughltt contended that not only wouKl
the railroads suffer through the legis
lation proposed by President Roosevelt;
but cities in all parts of the country
would be restricted in their growth, be
cause of Inability to reach out for trade
beyond "their own little garden plots."
In Hughitfs opinion, such legislation
as President Roosevelt proposed would
produce uniformity that would be a
death blow to competition.
Some of the railroad men are In
clined to accept Secretary Morton's In
vitation and assist In a settlement of
the question. There Is a firm belief
that the President is determined and
proposes sooner or later to have a new
law, but a large majority, it 1» said,
have held aloof, while many are act
ively fighting the proposition.
It was thought that when Secretary
Morton's plan was announced, includ
ing legalized pooling, together with
Government supervision of rates, the
railroad presidents would at least fall
in with this, but there has been a dis
tinct disappointment in administration
circles over this phase of the case.
and the President is actively preparing
his campaign, knowing that he will
face the almost united opposition of the
railroads
Father John Seriously ID.
:" KRONSTADT. Dec. 23. — Father
John of Cronstadt is serioualy 111 and
thousands of peasants are awaiting his
recovery In order to confess. :
v *
with since the election.. legal votes be
ing abstracted and spurious ballots
substituted therefor. No proof in sup
port of these assertions has been pre
sented, but it is pointed out that the
boxes were left unwatched for two days
after being delivered to ■ the Election
Commission, and that for another day.
they were In charge of only two Re
publican watcher*.2
NAN PATTERSON
MORE CHEERFUL
Iiristmas Brighter for the
Actress Than Dark Hours
After Verdict Was Learned
SHE TALKS ANIMATEDLY
lleceives: Many Letters and
Telegwins and Reads the
Greater Part of the Day
Ferial Wtuatch to The Call.
KEW YOJiK, Dec. 25.— Nan Patter- \
-. m terms iu have recovered from the '
lock of the disagreement of the jury, \
trr.lns when she expected an acquittal.
. ."id was somewhat brighter on Christ
•jis and not as despondent as she ap
nue<l <n Saturday. She talked ani
tatedty, attendee'- none of the. religious
- rvkes i:: the m'tn-m and spent most
' J her time Sn reading. She' received
i:;p.ny letters and telegrams during the
oay, tvhlch hc. T pea to cheer her lone
i-omeneFt*.
About !K>on a man, who said his r.anie
fras Qtttfea kdJ that he was an uncle
of Uie inprisontd girl, called at the
Fccaluf and itskeJ to have a note' taken
jp to her ceil. This was done and after
.l* had wafted half an hour an answer
'.vas '.jrouplit down lo him. He went
aw?y. refusing to answer questions.'
Eaiiy in the allernocn a large box,
iruirkcd vith ihe na".i^ of it well-k'.iov, n
Fifth -:\ixnuc florist anJ containing
■osts and Ovfcer ilowers. was delivered
■•-t ths ijrison for th5 actress. Accord
rig: to the prison rules it cou'.d not bs
il«Uvercd to her and wes returned, but
■he was toM that it had been sent to
;er and she seemed glad to know it and
•orrv that she could not receive it.
About 4 o'clock a man plainly dress
d. v.ho n-fusrd to answer any ques
tion? about himself, gave a note to the
v.*»eptT.c for delivery to Nan Patterson,
le received an answer in a plain vrhite
envelope marked simply "Addressed''
?n<3 v.nich seemed very full. The man
nent out to Franklin. and Center streets,
whTo he met a young woman standing:
alono in the snow and he nodded to her.
BvtdfOtly she had employed him as her
me??-r.Kc>r, as he declared he did not
know tbo woman and sht said she did
not know the man.
MOROCCO OFFERS FIELD .
FOR AMERICAN TRADE
Standard Oil the Only Industry of the
Country Doing Business
There.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— James Lang
'■rman, formerly United ' States Vice-
Consul General at Tangier, 'Morocco, is
in New York on his way to report to
the Sultan of Morocco, whose personal
reprcfrntative he was at the St. Louis
exposition. Speaking to-night of Mo
rocco and its desire for American
tradf. LanRcrman said:
"Never before was such an oppor
tunity presenttd to American industries
to secure a foothold in Morocco. , It
seems strange, but it is a fact, never
theless, that in this country, where
about -IjR,000,000 people live, there is but
one big American industry doing busi
ness, and that is the Standard Oil
Company. .:'■• v ♦
"The -Sultan, and, in fact, all his
subjects, want to trade with Ameri
cans. They realize that the American
people in business will treat them fair
ly and will not try to seize the coun
try. I know personally that the Sultan
is one of the most ardent admirers of
President Roosevelt.
"It is impossible for French troops
tj make any progress in Morocco, es
pecially at this time of the year. They
have a difficult task before them. It
Is now the rainy season. It Is impos
sible for them to transport troops, as
there are no highways- Ferrying is
their most modern method of crossing
rivers. There is not a telegraph or
telephone line or railway in the coun
try." V-i
Langerman recently discussed the
Moroccan situation with the President,
but he refused to say whether he vis
ited President Roosevelt on any par
ticular mission.
Prosperity in New England.
Those people who are inclined to
look upon New England industries as
retrograding and think that our man
ufacturing industries are going to
other sections of the country will be
surprised to learn that within the last
thr?o years, without any increase of
mileage whatever, the Boston and
2Iaine Railroad has shown a gross in
crease in business of more than $4,
000.000. The "reaction" in, New Eng
land has been most unwarrantably ex
aggerated. There is a certain hesi
tancy on the part of local manufac
turers to increase their outputs during
a Presidential year and the volume of
merchandise transportation is affected
thereby, but on the whole men en
eacd in the transportation business
regard the 'conditions as normal, and
ther- seenip lo be no diminution in the
energy of the producers. Under such
conditions tho railroads, which are
Indices of general prosperity, are on
the whole doing very well. — Boston
..Transcript.
Renaming: Old Vessels.
New names have been selected for
Jour old warships which have outlived
their usefulness as fighting- machines.
•The New Hampshire, built in 1818 and
row used by the naval militia of New
.York, will be named the Granite State,
in order that New Hampshire may be
-used as the name of one of the new
.varships. The Dale, which was an
c.bor+A «t the Washington navy yard
.for many years and is now used by the
naval militia of Maryland at Balti
more, will be renamed the Oriole. The
old sloop of war St Louis,' built In
r this city in 1828 and now used by the
jiaval militia of Pennsylvania at Phil
ftdelphJa. will be named the Keystone
State. The cruiser Iroquois, which is
to be transferred to the marine hos
pital Bervice. will be renamed the
Ionie. — Washington Star.
Looking After Comalscents
In looking out for the healing of pa
tients authorities have been too apt to
spend money and use the most scientific
appliances on the buildings without
consulting the needs of convalescents.
Slodern medicine takes into account not
only the body, but also the soul and th#»
ir timaie connection between these^
Cheerfulness is a part of the treatment
of to-day and recovery, from ailments
is not assured when patients can leave
their cots. Treatment of convales
cents is a part of the physician's
scheme. It is recognized that vieivs
from a window of a hospital looking on
blank walls or on dispiriting surround
inpR affect recovery- Hopefulness is
i' pressed;, sloom is encouraged.
Brooklyn Easle.
BURGLAR rUUNOEnS. ROOM — Alamrd*
T*»<\- 2T..— Oonrad Wrtic'e room at 1321 Parfc
street wm entered Saturday nlcht by a. bur
glar, who Rtole a woman's eriild chain, a pair
of cuff buttons,: srojd pen and a pistol.;. .
Headaches From Colds
L.AXATIVI5 BROMO QUININE removes th»
«au.e*. To set the genuine, rail forfull name
and look for *ijroatut« of E-'.W.* Grove 25c. •
KING DODO HAS
CHRISTMAS TREE
Jolly Old 3Ionarcli at the
.Tivoli Not Forgotten by
-Props," Stage Carpenter
NEW BILL AT OEPHEUM
"Shore Acres ' at the Califor
nia Is Well Played and
Pleases Large Audience
A realistic touch of Christmas in the
setting of a clever transfoi-mation scene
was an attraction worth waiting for
at the close of the performance of
"King Dodo" at the Tivoli matinee'yes
terday. There was a fair-sized audi
ence, considering the home allurements
of Yuietitie. The opera -.vas rendered
with customary excellence, and then
came the Christmas-tree arrangement.
The transformation opened with the
appearance of . Santa Glaus, who
stepped from a great wreath of holly
framing a winter scene. Old Kris
Kringle sar.g a song from the nursery
rhymes with new construction and
warned his hearers at the end of each
verse '"To be careful, very careful." A
tr-bleaux with two little girls, one rep
resenting wealth and the other poverty,
vas then presented. One little girl was
burdened with bundles and the other
looked wistfully in at a store window
where toys were stacked high. The
scer.i* changed to the humble fireplace
of a poor man's home with a child nod
ding and dreaming of the approaching
Christ day. Another change and the
rich man's home showed a contrasting
p'cture. The finale was when Santa
Claus selected from a well-ladened
Christmas tree presents for both the
rich and the poor, and the little daugh
ter of the rich hands her gift to
her less-fortunate companion.
The youngsters in the audience
seemed to be greatly pleased with the
Tivoli stage manager's clever concep
tion: . . •
The mueh-talked-about road *show
vap on the boards at the Orpheum last
night once again and a better bill never
was seen at the popular vaudeville
house. Each number is a stellar at
tract (on,, keeping the audience busy try
ing to .figure out which is 'the best
number on the bill. As usual. Mcln
tyre and Heath were greeted with
cheers, shouts and all kinds of applause
when they came on for their turn. They
handed out "The -Georgia Minstrels"
and did it as only they can. Clarice
Vance, the favorite singer of - coon
sonrs, had a collection that, was new
and several encore? were her lot. The
Latonas, Frank and Jen, are musical
artists that one does not see every day
fn vaudeville. Their reception last
night was a hearty one and well dfe
eervlng. Probst, the great imitator, en
tertained the audience for several min
utes with some of his latest and most
captivating imitation!?. The Four Mil
linery Maids made their bow to a San
Francisco audience, as did Spessardy
and his troupe of great trained bears
and ponies. This act is a marvelous
one. -illustrating what patience can do
with wild- beasts. Harry SmirL and
Rose Kessner are dancers and tum
blers well -worth going to. see, while
Albertina Melich and her trained -par
rots were as interesting a« of yore, j ■
Christmas week began at the Califor
nia Theater. last night with the open
ing production of James A. Hearne's
famous New England seacoast drama
"Shore Acres." .The first performance
was to have been the matinee, but ow
ing to the late arrival of the scenery
car, the performance had to be post
poned. Last night, however, the Buah
street playhouse was filled with an au
dience that thoroughly enjoyed the pro
duction and tested the drawing capa
city of the quaint play.
James T. Galloway, as Nat Berry, the
part made famous by Herne. was. sur
prisingly good, as was Miss; Frances A.
Denson as Helen. Miss Denson gave a
forceful presentation of the character,
and at all times lcoked and acted the
part.
Atkins Lawrence, as the hard-hearted
brother, Martin, and Belle Theodore as
his wife Ann were canably portrayed.
The children of the company— Minnie
Cano. Little Valentine, and David Tay
lor—show unusual talent. The remain
der of the cast consists. of "bits" that
were acceptably filled. "Shore Acres"
will run for the week. . , . .
Passport to Newport Society.
Spendthrift ancestors have left many
cf the nobility with vast establishments
which they are not able to maintain,
and it has become their ambition to
rent their country homes to rich Amer
icans. The number of the latter who
care to spend any long time in England
is limited and other means to extract
dollars from aspiring Americans have
been adopted. For example, the lease
of an Englishman's yacht may contain
the -provision that the nobleman and
certain of his titled friends shall visit
the vessel at stated times. This is the
simplest road of the parvenu million
aire to swell • society. To have had as
hjs guests persons of title is a sure
passport to the best circles of Newport.
—Philadelphia Record.
Rich Man and His Money.
Whether Mr. Rockefeller - is to start
a bank in London or not, the statement
is of interest because it indicates how
large a proportion of the public that
does not know ! Mr. Rockefeller and
has no money in his -enterprises is de
voting its leisure to thinking about his
business. Mr. Rockefeller is so many
times a millionaire that unless he hires
a secretary to do nothing but make
daily estimates from the stock quota
tions he could not tell within $6,000,000
or $8,000,000 Just what he is worth. Un
less Mr. Rockefeller gives away money
much faster than he is giving it now
his wealth is sure la'increase so fast
that everything in the country is his
for the buying. — Brooklyn Eagle.
Improved by/ a Whipping.
Spain is about to abolish bull-fight
ing. No country in the civilized world
has changed so much m the last six
years as Spain. The effect of the
prompt and unequivocal defeat admin
istered to her navy ' by the United
States' has been highly beneficial to
the nation. Her people no longer stand
against a wall and whine. The loss" of
their colonies has proved an incentive
to the development of the resources of
the peninsula. The lowering of the tra
ditional Spanish pride has • induced in
habitants of city and country to work
is never before since the Roman inva
sion. — Pittsburg Dispatch.'
. SHOOTS DISSOLUTE WOMAN.— Nick Nor
enzlni. an Italian la iorer.-'ehot H»re! Stew
art, an inmate ' of ' one of - the houMs - at 1129
Dupont street, early yesterday morning. \ The
bullet tnteiecl the woman's right • toreatt ' and
made Us exit - near : her ghoulder ■ blade. - f?he
was nent to the Central Kmerreney, Hospital.
The wound is not considered danarerous. < Nor
enztni; was - overpowered by , : Watchmen : Hop
kins »nd Kltchett .7 and held till , Policeman
Amend put the bcndcutTn on him.- He fouglit
viciously.' He ; is held r on 1 a', charge : of i assault
to murder... He says the woman tried to cheat
him out of money, hut the says he fired at her
without cause, that he was a strang-er
THE SAN FRANCISCO' GALL, MONDAY. DECEMBER 26, 1901
JAPANESE HOLD PORT ARTHUR'S ADVANCED POSITIONS
Nogi's Right Wing Successful
in All Recent Attacks.
Three More Russian Villages Are^ Occupied
TOKIO, Dec. 25.— The following re
port was received this morning from
the Japanese army besieging Port Ar
thur: '^R-i^iJ
' "A body of our right wing surprised
jthe enemy at Houeanytantun and Siao
fanturi at 10 o'clock on the night of
December 24 and subsequently occu
pied these villages. After gradually
dislodging the enemy, our force at
2:55 o'clock this (Sunday) morning oc
cupied the whole of Taliuchiatun.
"Our repeated attacks of the past few
days haw been uniformly successful.
All the enemy's advanced positions
fronting our right wing are now in our
hands."
TOKIO A MILITARY CAMP.
Japan to Give Field Marshal Oyama
a Half-Million Men.
TOKIO, Dec. 25. — Tokio is again a
great military camp and the scenes of
last spring, when the first armies were
mobilized and dispatched, is being
duplicated. Thousands of recruits and
reservists are assembled, drilling and
equipping preparatory to taking the
field. The permanent and temporary
barracks are filled and it is neces
sary to billet the soldiers throughout
the city. Oynma Field is . the center
of activity, where infantry, cavalry
and artillery, are constantly drilling.
The batteries fire blank cartridges for
the purpose of breaking in the new
horses. • ..
The general military preparation*
are enormous. It is planned to give
Field Marshal Oyama a rough total of
a half-million men, with a heavily in
creased artillery- arm, besides provid
ing a defense for Formosa ; and the
southern' islands in anticipation of the
Kussian second Pacific squadron's at
tempt to seize a base.
The port of Kelung, Formosa, has
been declared in a state of siege and
other preparations in Formosa and
the Pescadores are progressing.
THIKD SQUADRON TO SAIL.
Will Leave Russian Post in Two Sec-
t Ions Next Year.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 25. — Ad
miral Birileff is quoted in an inter
view, as saying that all the shipyards
in the Baltic are working day and
night and that the third squadron will
go out in two sections. The Admiral
pledges himself to have the first sec
tion, which will include the Seniavin,
A praxln.-.Ushatyoff, Nicholas II and
Kprnil off, ready by February and the
second section, consisting, of the Slava,
Alexander II and Pamait Azova, a lit
tle later.
Reports Heavy Japanese Losses.
ST. PP^ERSBURG, Dec. 25.—Gen
eral Kuropatkin reports skirmishes on
D.ecember^ 24 near Tapintan. The
Buy useful articles with your Christmas money — -something that will last and add to the decoration of your home. Noth- B
ing more appropriate than good furniture or carpets. 1 1
your PRirr>iT Hi finrtri "nuit pfiv" f
1 *^ NO * * -'ENAMELED NO: 3 --CHIFFONIER- ' NO. 4-THREE-PIECE NO. 5- DRESSER- I
- BED-Heavy uprighW ? A *™* . 1™^ Quarfcr- sawed oa k , |
finish. Double French Anele Mron sides an<l ROlden . nnish. Five hogany finished frame. **,,, fi . . _ ' . H
Plate mirror. Cast brass An «f c . iron "des_a d drawers and hat bo^ Xolonial design. Up- golden finish. Serpen-|
hooks. Settee has arm end rails. - Beautifully Bevel French plate' bolstered in figured tine front. Bevel plate ()
and seat covered. . — r tj- ClI 0C ' mirror. ft 1 -p p ft damask. ma^ -ft mirror. N Aft| «- fl B
I^^ s :g^;fg M"? .ff:.. oH'JO •; • SILbO f: k ?;:;;;; S2I.50 I
' thft Zm^^u^Xc few S r| N ? 'f e >» <<*&» '- " 5 ■•«« "tisfy. I
quoted are merely a' guide to prices. " Uioice designs m Lace Curtains, Couch Covers, [|
TAOfcrov dditmpt c \ ii . j • BTBaSmWBSBfStBk • Portieres, Bed Sets and Cut Drapes. S3
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS — An excellent crade in yggBflggffjy|g%ffiWiKj , «f— - g^
vbeautiful floral and 0riental designs. • A lar^e * W7 ' "' '■" CORDED ARABIAN LACE CURTAINS— Honev II
ranee of patterns to choose from. Eer 7CJA Jf N \ cornb net; very choice design Per cfo nn W
vard • .::............ V:.. ..,:../. #JC ' \W ■ Pair... ,....;..;.............,....... |
. VELVETS -;Rjch in coloring: soft andluxurious": REGAL RANGE $5..W COUCH* CO VERS-Bagdad stripe. W inche, I
to the ; tread. Oriental, and floral patterns, QC_ _ ( . f - ,,:• - wideand three vards long. Fringed *>7 Cf\ I
Per yard........ ........... 7DC . The perfection- ot the stove : bn all four sides." Each. / f $3.50 R
Avume-iMJo r' i -i it t-i , founder s art. Will save its cost ,l - - "* Tr .-■" El
• AXMINSTER— Fme deep pile, closely woven. Floral . j n fuel. Every part guaranteed. PORTIERES — Rep or armure weave, tapestrv 1
and Persian designs. Per yard. . ...^|| TERMS fl.OO down. ahcl$l.<M> portiere. Rich in coloring. Per pair.. CO?dl
■ .....:. •.. y\... /.i... :.\.......... 4»I.lf /2 a\wcek. ;].'."-" -. V •.•/•'•;•■• •• •• •'••• •; • - ••. ..... $O.5j |
war •** wBiBBBiBBB^^^PP BI^^^^By^^^^™lBf ' W9L *- b v. t n * It %> *^^r h^bQ^ &
M wM & I C! \J % 1 ' a !^§S»^jh m 1 o I « I | I "^ «
Russian advance posts were driven in
by the Japanese, but afterward ad
vanced again and occupied their for
mer positions. The Russian losses
were trittingy while those of the Jap
anese were heavy. \«
LEW WALLACE EXERCISED
OVER STATEHOOD BILL
As Former Governor of New Mexico
He Advises People Xot to Unite
With Arizona.
INDIANAPOLIS, Dec. 25. — General
Lew Wallace, who was once Territorial
Governor of New Mexico, is exercised,
over the, project to unite New Mexico
and Arizona." into a State and to-day
spoke his mind freely on the subject. He
declared that he would advise the peo
ple of Newj Mexico not. to accept the
bill nor to take any part in making it
operative by electing . Representatives
and Senators. Although the general is
very feeble, he declares he will go to
New Mexico and fight against the
statehood bill. He said: ,
"This thing j will jj never ibe brought
about, as long as I. can fignt it. I love
the people of New Mexico. I lived with
them two and one-half years as Gov
ernor and I - know their condition and
their needs. The bill now advocated
by Senator -Beverldge is bad; it means
practically disfranehlsement of the
whole people of both Territories."
NORTH COAST LIMITED - ; r
TRAIN IS DERAILED
Engine Tender and Two Cars Ix?are
Track, but No One Is *
- Injured.,
TACOMA, Wash., r Dec. 25. — The
North Coast: -'limited, which left this
city\for.the East at 8:30 o'clock was
derailed, while running out of the yard
tracks on to the main line track across
the Tacoma drawbridge trestle-works.
The tender of the engine and the mail
and baggage cars were thrown from
the tracks. The engine was brought
td a sudden stop by Engineer Drew
and no; other cars left the tracks. No
one was injured.
REFUSES TO TELL WHERE
; FAULTY BUOY WAS FOUND
Sailmaker Who Located Life Preserv
er Containing Piece of Iron Keeps
Knowledge to Himself.
VICTORIA, B. C., Dec. 25. — Fred
Jeune, the sailraaker who found a
piece of iron in a life buoy, declines
to state where the buoy came from.
He said it was not from any steamer
now in service in these waters, and
that the find was made some weeks
ago instead of yesterday as one of his
employes stated. No steps have yet
been made toward an/investigation of
the matter. 5 . • t -
Kuropatkin Urges His Troops
to Die Rather Than Retreat
He May Be Preparing for Another Advance
.MUKDEN, Dec. 25.— General Kuro
patkin, addressing the troops, said to
day!
"You must never allow yourselves to
retreat. Even in the case of the small
est detachment having once formed a
plan, it must be carried out to the end."
The general's address may prove to
be signitigcant as portending another
advance. .
A Japanese battery opened fire De
cember-24 on Chanlinup and two men
were wounded by shells. 'A Japanese
column advanced, but was soon driven
back by the Russian fire, v < ;
HARBIN, Dec. 25.— Chinese from the
south say that the Japanese have
brought 50,000 Chinese into Southern
Manchuria, but have great difficulty in
feeding them. They, also say the Japa
nese have prepared 1000 four-wheeled
carts, with iron shields, in front and on
the sides, which are to be pushed by
soldiers and which are. to carry rapid
fire and machine guns.
Some frozen Japanese have been
found in abandoned trenches.
There is the greatest activity in Har
bin, 1 where the Russians are building
enlarged bath houses, churches and a
hospital. ■ \
A scheme has been discovered by
which 7a Siberian .merchant has been
sending vodka to the front, marked
with a rod cross and labeled as medi
cal supplies. The perpetrator has been
forced to .leave the country.
Lack of Chinese silver is causing the
depreciation of the rouble here, but the
reported closing of the Chinese bank
at Tie Pass is untrue.
Futile Artillery Attacks.
GENERAL KUROKI'S HEADQUAR
TERS, Dec. 25. — The usual Russian
artillery fire against the Japanese left
and center has been heard the past
three days and from midnight last
night till dawn this morning. Accord
ing to reports received the Japanese
suffered i no damage from the fire.
There is no activity in fr6nt of the
Japanese right army. The weather is
very mild.
COI/ORADO OFFICERS AWAIT
MORE FACTS FROM SYRACUSE
Indications That Mount Cutler Vic
tim Is Miss Kempter of .
That City.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Dec.
25. — Although Chief Reyonlds wired
the Chief of Police at Syracuse, N. Y.,
last evening for a complete descrip
tion of the missing Miss Kempter,
v/hose parents claim she is the victim
at the Mount Sutler murder, no word
was received to-day. The positive way
in which the telegram asserted that
the description tallied with that of
Miss Kempter as to dental work,
height and color of hair has raised the
htjpes . % of. the officers that they will
new- have something tangible to work
P A telegram from the manager of the
"Glittering Gloria" company was to
the effect that none of his companj
was left in Colorado. The manager or
the "Sambo Girl's" company wired
that he left a girl in Denver and a
message asking for a description of
the girl has been sent out.
SEXDS CRIMINAL SON
A CHRISTMAS MESSAGE
Mother of I>avRl Klnlfy Sends Letter
Expressing Belief In His
Innocence.
OAKLAND, Dee. 25. — David Kiniry.j
at the County Jail awaiting trial f or [
the murder of Policeman James H.
Smith, received a letter this morning
from his mother, Mrs. Watson, who
lives at 4 John street, Toledo, Ohio.
She declared her belief in his Inno
cence. Mrs. Watson inclosed $5, tell
ing her son it was for his Christmas
dinner, and said she would eat it with
him in spirit. *
She told him not to become discour
aged, adding that she would come to
Oakland if he wished her present at
his trial. Kiniry, however, does not
wish his mother to come, as he wants
to spare her feelings as much as pos
sible should he be convicted.
CHRISTMAS CELEBRATION
ENDS IN DOUBLE TRAGEDY
Two Women Burned to Death by the
Overturning; of a Lamp In
/ New York. .
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— Two women
lost their lives and two other persons
were overcome by a fire on Allen
street to-day. The dead: Mrs. Foun
tain, 50 years of age, and Miss Skelley,
40 years of age. In a hospital In a
serious condition are Owen McGrath
and his wife, who were overcome by
smoke and were taken out of the
building unconscious.
The fire followed a Christmas Cele
bration and was caused by the over
turning of a lamp. ,
BRITISH ANXIOUS OVER
SUMS DUE FROM GUATEMALA
MEXICO CITY, Dec. 25. — News
from Guatemala shows that there Is
much feeling on the part of the Brit
ish residents regarding- the non-pay*
ment of the debt due to British bond
holders. It Is asserted that the Brit
ish legation will be removed from
Guatemala City to either Nicaragua
or Salvador. There seems to be no
prospect of the Guatemalan Govern
ment complying with the obligations
of foreign creditors. The best people
in Guatemala deplore the attitude of
the Government and Its disregard of
its obligations. - •■ ' ,---. . J
gBiATSGHINSKl!
I Philadelphia Stic Co. ]
§ 10 THIRD SrBtET, SANF.UHGULO
II Adjoinlntr Call BalAlnsr. 4
I This Store Kill Be Closed
I All Day To-Day, Monday. 1
H We give Tree Preniiun Checks I
ll with ?.ll purchases (excep Sneciai I
I Sale Shoes). . Ask for our Pre* U
la Premium Checks. You ttn q.|
\ char.jre them for elegant Tresents M
I and beantlfnl house fuxnisBnirs. h
I HcAViLY OVERSTOCKED 1
1 ON RED SATIN OXFORDS 1
I PRICES AWAY DOWN |
fej We are always planning to eec f]
B how good a Shoe we can give y^u If
II for the least money. Our low Bj
H Third-street rent, enormous bus'.- H
g nosa and wholesale discounts ei> M
n able us to jfive you better Shoes w
h for less" money than any other H
fei store in this city — and we prove it SI
H every day in the year. I*,
m EXTRA SPECIAXi THIS WSEZl U
JH Alade by one of the best fac- m
M tories In America: Ladies' Red n
Sa Satin Oxfords, made with bench- id
PJ finished, hand-turned soles, silk- Eg
tl worked eyelets, hijrh arched in- H
» steps and - UCV. French heels; ■
M worth fully $3.50 a pair. EXTRA B
1 SEDUCE© PSXCE #1.25 B
tj .Sizes 2^ to 7%. Widths AA B
B to E. > |4
I EXTENSION SOLES i
M SPECIAL SAZJB of Children's B
j and Misses' Vici Kid Lace Shoes, k]
rij with heavy double extension M
3 sewed soles, fair stitched and pat- B
jl ent leather tips. Every pair gtiar- V
ti anteed to wear well. Widths Ot9|
fl EEDUCED SAXiB PRICES J 1
\ Chile's' sizes, 6 to 8 7Oc f
■ Childs' sizes. 3'i to 11 05c i
ll Misses* sizes, ll«/3 to 2 81.JJO |
M M&SgfrAt'- ■ jK^W '.'•■' ' f ]
u iHh, - . \ ,
Gl K^s^BJtj 1 "'^'-- ' •"'"'■- ; "*^ w
I LADIES' VICI KID LAut I
1 BLUGHER VAMPS H
|| oms of the aawiar not- 11
1 ELTDS OP TEE SEASO3T: La- W
l dies' Vici Kid Blucher Lace Shoes. |j
H made w.:<i nent extersJort s«w*cJ B
H soles, fair stitched, patent tips. ■
j dressy Cuba:> heels and dull mat M
a kid tops. Widths R to K. Sizes B
1 ZVi to 8. REDUCED PRICE f
|| 81.65B
I BOYS' CASCO CALF LACE M
i| We have the best wearing stock ■
S of Boys' Shoes in this\city. 3PE- B
H CIAL SALE THIS WEEK: U
tj Youths' and Boys' Cafeco Calf I^ace B
■ Shoes, heavy double extension B
B soles and straight vamps. , ii
II SPECIAL SALE PRICE3: tl
fl Ltttle Gent's sizes, 9 to 11... ©Oc B
tj Touths' sizes. 11>4 to 2 9?»<B M
IJ Boys' sixes, 2% to 6*4 B
U ""G D01.0B vz&tI
II <*st§lis iL JTJIiI:ets p ° * ra
M s^^^^^S^a LITTLE FOLXS. U
II O^^P^ osixir. . sizes 8
!| /)(V|/ a TO 4. PELT I
$?i MAIL ORDERS PILLED. A
I B. KATSCHlNSKIi
f\ 10 THIRD ST., Saa Pranclsco. ■
FRENCH SAVINGS BANK
315 Montsromerv Street.
MBJBBBBB''NBBBBBBBBSBF i ' | yBBBBBJ
Capital paid up . . , . . $ 600,000
ElYidends paid to depositors . 1,656,223
. CHAS. CARPY. President.
ARTHUR LEOALLET. Vtcs President.
IJCOX BOCQUERAZ, Secretary.
JOHN GINTy. Asst. Secretary.
DIEECTORS:
Dr. E. Artl <uez. Chas. Carpy, Leon K&uffman.
O. Bozlo. J. B. Clot, A. Roe*.
Leon Bocq'ierai, - J. M. Dupa», A. 1>g-il'et.
J. A. BerKerot. J. S. (;«*>an. J. J. Mack.
Interns t paid on deposits. Ixtans made en
Real Estate and approved securities.
£F% 8 8 R fl if% Ammunition, Huntir? a*. 1
§ n S 1 S\S mock, trfjwest prices, s* 1 !
'ttf W I « SHREV f. K BARBER < ' '
/ 703 Market *>t. and 5-1
Kcarny st.
lASTHMANOLAI
Is the only care for Nervous ani
,--. Bronchial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at 398 HAIGHT ST..
San Francisco. CaLBLESSING OF PROSPERITY IS GOD'S CHRISTMAS GIFT
TO GRATEFUL PEOPLE
IMPRESSIVE HIGH MASS SU/1Q
Iffl ROMAN CATHOLIC CHURCHES
POOR OF CITY FEAST
/ AND ARE MADE HAPPY
INSPIRING nUSIC SUNG BY GREAT CHOIRS
There is an old adage that says
"gratitude is a lively sense of favors
to come." Christmas eve found San
Francisco filled with Just this sort of
gratitude and Christmas day brought
with it all that God and nature have
to offer in warm sunshine and the
happy knowledge of the bountlfulness
of a year that has been manifold in its
blessings for all men of the prosperous
West.
Peace was on earth — the calm of the
perfect ■winter day and the happy faces
of the good-natured, jostling Christmas
crowds proved this. Within the bright
ly lighted dining halls, in the quarters
of the rich and poor; in the long, un
decorated rooms of the city's charita
ble institutions, and even In the nar
row. Impoverished quarters of the Pest
house the light of human kindness en
tered and brought with it a Christmas
cheer that meant much td those who
have to depend for opportunity to for
tet their afflictions upon the unselfish
ness of the charitably inclined.
The Salvation Army has prepared to
feed thousands of homeless ones at its
dinners to-day, and great tables will
be loaded down with roast turkey and
good things to eat, of which California
is so prolific. The orphans were not
forgotten, and In every Catholic and
Protestant orphan asylum the little
waifs were treated to gifts of toys,
candy, fruits, nuts, and they ended
the happy day with feasts of turkey,
cranberry sauce and abundant sweets.
Special services were held in all of
the churches on this and the other side
of the bay. The musical programmes
in most of the places of worship were
extensive, and nearly every regular
'•hoir was augmented by choruses of
trained voices selected from among the
best-known vocalists.
High mass was celebrated at the
Cathedral and all of the Catholic
churches. There was an unusually
liirge attendance of the devotees of the
laith. Archbishop Montgomery deliv
ered the sermon at the 11 o'clock high
mass at the Cathedral. The Rev. David
Kvans delivered the sermon at
Grace Episcopal Church, the Rev. Wal
ter M. White at the West Side Chris
tian Church, the Rev. W. K. Guthrie
at the First Presbyterian Church, the
Rev. George C. Adams at the First
<'ongregational Church and the Rev.
L,. J. Sawyer at the Hamilton Baptist.
Special services were also held at the
Simpson Memorial, Swedish Lutheran,
California - street Methodist Episco
pal and Bethlehem Congregational
churches. Evening services were as
well attended as those of the morning.
Many of the Sunday-schools had
Christmas-tree gatherings, at which
informal receptions were held for the
old folks.
About the city the day was spent in
an unusually quiet manner. There was
a fairly large attendance at the beach
and Golden Gate Park, but travel
across the bay and to near-by towns
was very large. Few accidents were
rpported.
The garrisons of the Presidio, Fort
'Mason and the other military posts
about the bay were granted two holi
days, only sufficient men being detailed
*to maintain the guard lines. In many
of the company quarters the troops got
up elaborate Christmas dinners. The
pailor boys from the training ship Buf
falo. Mare Island navy yard and the
Terba Buena station were ashore in
large squads, and had a Jolly good
time on their "shore leave." A fine
meal was prepared for the tars at their
respective quarters.
To-day being a legal holiday many
persons will remain out of the city on
visits to friends and relatives in the
country. The sale of tickets for Inte
rior towns was large.
Homelife of Ration Is
Rector's Theme.
Rev. David Evans Lauds
Great S atesmen.
Th ere wa s the usual beautiful
Christmas music at Grace Church,
California and Stockton streets, and
wiihin the chancel rails the floral dec
ovations were most prettily and ef
fectivelv arranged.
The choir, under the direction of
William H. Holt, the organist and
choirmaster. rendered the sacred
music perfectly, among the numbers
b<-:ng Buck's "Te Deum" in E flat and
•Jubilate' (Gilchrist) in A flat and
for the offertory Homer Henley, solo
ist and the choir rendered "Come.
Gentles. Rise." the poem by David
Evans and music by Horatio W. Par
ker.
In his sermon the Rev. David
Evan?, the rector, said:
The home Is the unit of civilization, and the
love of country has its rise In family affec
tion, eo that the force* which tend to disinte
grate th« homelife of a nation are a direct
tr.rnar* to the very life of that nation.
In nothing have America and England ««t a
betur example to the rest of the world than
in this that their representative men. their
prime rrinli'tprs and Presidents have for many
n Ion* y«-ar been men who have reverenced
i !.< ir own homes, and realized the picture of
that perfect knight of Arthur's court, who
" loved one woman only, clove to her and wor
rhii«>d her with yeans of noble deeds until
df-ath parted them. For fifty yean Mr. Glad
rt(.ne el-.owed his countrymen the example ol
en idrid family. Hia great rival. Lord Bea
consfleld. was devoted to his wedded wife
I»rd Salifbury'B perfect attachment to the
• Ruth of nl« fireside reads like an exquisite
Idyl. la the White House to-day the first
A rr.eriean haa enshrined an Ideal home while
the hallowed memory of his jrreat predecessor
will alwaye be associated with th« affection
lavlsihed upon the invalid partner of his life
Yet, In eplte of these usining examples the
Kencral outlook to-day is of evil oraen for
the fan.l!y as en institution, and It does look
as though the rampant Bplrit of a sclf-wiUed
individualism were fated to destroy it. and
break up society Into discordant units. In
very few home* to-day is there any domestic
communion. Each member of the family acts
independently of the others. There Is no true
home life or Intercourse, and certainly nothing
that can be called religion* sympathy.
We hear the leading men of America, our
preachers, and ttatesgnen, and aortal reformers.
deploring the widespread spirit of lawlessness
that is abroad in the land. How shall you
wonder at it when the family is lawless, and
parent*, with no religious convictions of their
own. allow their children to make their own
environment and grow up anyhow.
It roust be understood that the weak and
pliant pan»nt who does not care or know how
to train up his children and govern his own
household is an enemy of the republic.
The message that comes at Christmas day
to every Christian parent is that which was
given to Boaz on the day when he took Ruth
the Moh bites* to wife:
•'Do thou worthily in Eppratah and be thou
famous in thy home life at Bethlehem."
Pro found Services At
the Cathedral.
Archbishop Montgomery
Gives Benediction.
At St. Mary's Cathedral the services
were observed with great solemnity.
The music in the morning was mag
nificently rendered and the sermon by
the Rev. Father Jerome B. Hannigan
was deeply impressive.
Archbishop Agius, the apostolio
delegate to Manila, sang the pontifical
mass and Archbishop Montgomery
grave the papal benediction. In the
evening the Rev. Father J. W. Sulli
van of Menlo Park delivered the ser
mon and said in part:
All this joy coming from the Savior who is
Christ the Lord is to those only who know
and foilow him. Unto us indeed, a child is
born. If we can say that he is our Savior,
who is Christ the Lord, then we have the Joy
that is given to all the people In its truest
form. The more completely you know him
and are like him the fuller will your happiness
become.
There has lived no great or pood man since
his cominr who has not been influenced by
his word and works. The nearer you approach
to him the nobler, the kinder, the greater you
are.
The decorations were exceedingly
handsome, the altars being ablaze
with numerous lights and the superb
poinsettia.
Takes Three Themes .
For His Sermon
Rev. Haterius Explains
the Celebration.
There were beautiful services at the
Swedish Evangelical Lutheran Ebe
nezer Church, Dolores street. The edi
fice was crowded and the sermon by
the Rev. C. J. E. Haterius, the pastor,
was deeply impressive-
At th£ first service the theme was
"Why We Celebrate Christmas" and
the Rev. Mr. Haterius said:
Th« whole world before and at the time of
the birth of Jesus was anxiously waltlnsr for
something, or some one, to come and teach
the truth and satisfy their spiritual hunger.
The pagans had discarded their gods, poly
theism was well-night dead, and the religious
vacuum in the hearts- and conscience of the
peoole cried for light and truth. Their many
and excellent philosophical systems could not
satisfy. They were light without warmth and
life, beautiful buildings that could not be oc
cupied, fountains and rivers that would not
yield a drop of water for weary and thirsty
souls. ,-•.- • -
Christ came according to the promises, and
was born in Bethlehem, the Savior of the
world. And therefore we celebrate Christ
mas.
At the second service the theme was
"How Shall We Celebrate Christmas?"
and the Rev. Mr. Haterius gave the an
swer that we shall consider what we
are and what we need and what "we
want We are Blnners, he said, and we
need a Savior and we want to be saved.
The theme at the evening service was
"What Benefit Does the Right Celebra
tion of Christmas Confer?" to which
the pastor replied:
The benefits are spiritual contentedness and
hai>r>in«ES. The spiritually contented and
har^y is always rich, get what ho needs day
br day, dees not need to worry, lays all care
and sorrow at the feet of his Savior, has a
bright future, a very large inheritance, a
beautiful home awaiting his arrival — only a
short Journey and he will be there.
Rev. I. Williams Sees
Truer Sympathy.
Believe? a Nobler Love
Will Cheer World.
Simpson Memorial Methodist Epis
copal Church was handsomely decorat
ed and the service was intensely Im
pressive. The Rev. James H. N. Wil
liams, the pastor, In ?- eloquent ser
mon said:
Tar back In the world's history — two thous
and years now— in the quiet little village of
Bethlehem, in the land of Palestine, there
occurred an event, which for significance and
far reaching importance has had no parallel,
and can have no, parallel In all ths affairs of
men. It was the birth of the world's redeem
er. Every multiplying decade and every in
creasing . century but adds to the world- wids
significance of that event; and in its far-ex
tending celebration this Christmas will witness
the widest interpretation of its true and es
sential meaning the world has ever seen.
Cnrist'a banners will float . from more hill
tops, Christmas carols will be eung in more
valleys, the gospel story will be repeated In
more villages than ever before since the dawn
of our era. A truer sympathy, a broader phll
anthrophy, a nobler love will cheer and warm
this old world of ours this Christmas tide than
erer before. • / • _ ■
This muet be true, since Chriet's plans to up
lift the world have not - and cannot • fail ; ' and
•lnc« his truth, as a great moral and spiritual
force, silently, mightily • and pervasively ex
tends itself further/, and further .with each
successive year. ' " . .
When the * Christ ' came only » ' few humble
shepherds flr»t knew the - fact. Tien came
the magi guided by the star, and to the in
fant - King they paid ' their homage and pre
vented their gifts a» they; worshiped, him In
the manger .where , be was- cradled. ■ Now the
multiplied millions, ' gathered as his ' followers
from- among all the nations, will lovingly bow
at hia . feet and : worship him . whom . in : the ir
faith and devotion they willingly and joyously
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 26. 1904.
crown King of Kings and lord of lords.
The wilding star led those who followed it
to Eethlchcm, where they found an infant
in his mother's arms: but more than infant —
a King, King of the Jews, their King; King of
the world. Their hopes were met, and they
returned U> their own country satisfied with
the result of their long and perilous Journey.
They saw the star, but desired him — "where
is he?" The star was an Inspiration, a guide.
It led to Christ. All pilgrimages fail that do
not lead to him. Finding him we find the
world's great door of hope. He reveals man
to himself and God to us all. He is QoJ
manifest in the flesh. He is the son of Mary
— most honored of women; but he is also the
son of God. He is divine — the god-man. With
out him Christianity is foundationless. and has
no claim on our faith. With him it is a.miracu
lous system full of God; full of man; full of
love; full of life. He has found
«i? y 0 ., • and 9lowlv the world Is finding him.
All hall 1 . Our King, our Savior and our Lord!
Savior Is the World's
Greatest Leader.
Rev. G. HouQh Explains
Meaning of Day.
"Significance of Christmas" was the
subject of a profound sermon by the
Rev. George A. Hough at the Cali
fornia-street Methodist Episcopal
Church, who, in part, said:
Christmas commemorates the central fact of
history— the birth of a babe at Bethlehem.
An Insignificant event, you might have eaid
had you stood that day and looked into his
baby face. But his little hand came to hold
a scepter mightier than that of Alexander and
his childish lips spake words that shook the
world.
Christ was both son of God and son of man.
He brought God down and lifted man up so
that God and man met in him. He was an
ambassador from the city of the *kics on a
mission of mercy and love. He was an ad
vocate with the Father pleading .for a sinful
world. And thus his coming meant more to
humanity than wac realized on that first
Christmas or is realized by us nineteen cen
turies later. The angels knew, for they eang
'•Glory to God. on earth peace, good will
toward men." \
Humanity will never outgrow the old sweet
story. The babe of Bethlehem was' God's
greatest and best gift to man. Chriat -will
ever be the world's Ideal character, its in
comparable leader and man's perfect Savior
The , programme of civilization is but to work
out and realize the ideals , that . he brought' to
us. Christ in you the hope of glory is true of
the individual soul and of the race. - -
He catr.e to save; to make us God's chil
dren, brothers all; to drive selfishness up the
creaking steps of the gallows and to lead love
through the marble stairway to the golden
throne. This is the. spirit of Christ and of
Christmas — love regnant. • In the dominance
not of law but of love, lies the hope of the
race. Then ring ye Christmas bells the chorus
of the Bkles: God Is my Father, Christ my
Savior, man my brother.
Message of Angels Is
Given Anew.
Dr. W. M. White Delivers
Profound Sermon.
"The Message of the Angels" was
the theme of the sermon delivered by
the Rev. Walter M. White, D. "D., at
the West Side Christian Church!
Dr. White said:
The birth of Jesu« was of universal mo
ment. All earth and heaven was challenged to
give glory to God on account of this, the
greatest of all events. The angels declare that
there is no part of the whole universe where
praises unto God are not to be rendered for
the gift of his son to save a lost and perish
inp world. On earth .there must be peace, for
the prince of peace 'has come — not peace in
the sense of cessation of war and strife be
tween man and man — no. for they shall con
tinue until the end of time. TH« American
revision of th« New Testament says. Peace
unto men— "men in whom, he is well
pleased."
The prime requisite of acceptance' with God
Is faith. They that believe in him will strive
to do his will, and to such is "the message
of the angels" — peace among men in • whom
he is well pleased.
These angel messages! What welcome news
they have borne: To the oppressed they have
declared a deliverer at hand; to the despair-
Ing, hope: to the poor and neglected, the
promise of food, clothing and a home; to the
sinner, a savior, and .to the whole world th«
message of a better time coming.
Poinsettia Gorgeous
Color Adornment.
Rev. Guthrie Preaches
'Mid Flowers.
The customary Christmas services
were held at the First Presbyterian
Church, .on Van Ness avenue. V The
handsome Gothic interior, with its nat
ural wood finish, was beautified by'dec^
orations of green fir boughs," to ' which
were added gorgeous dashes of color
from red Christmas berriesand the rich
red blooms of the poinsettia.
The ; service was mostly choral, the
chants and anthems of Christmas tide
being delightfully rendered by the
choir.
The Rev, William Kirk Guthrie took
as the theme of his sermon the story of
Jacob's dream at Bethel and brought
out with force and beauty the analogy
of the ladder of the dream and the liv
ing way by which air men may climb
from earth to heaven. •
„ He said in Jesus Christ, whose birth
the whole world unites in celebrating
to-day, we have the ladder let down by
God from, heaven.to earth..; , Its.:, foot
rests on earth among men In Christ's
humanity and its top rests on>- the
throne of God in his divinity. -.5; v-- : *
The most blessed message this'Christ
mas day brings . to ". us < is that we ' may
all by Christ climb; to God; .the- sad
dest fact, that; so ■. few (have \ begun ?to
climb. ' Once / again t God's %. grace . and
mercy speaks ; to ; .us ' and we i may '■■ hear
the. Savior's voicer saying to -us with'all
the added power of his victory, "Fol-
Rev. Geo. C. Adams'
Profound Sermon
Pulvit Decorated With
Choice Flowers- '"
The "Rev. George, CA Adams, pastor
of the First Congregational Church.
Post arid Mason streets, delivered a
most profound sermon on
Day." The great church>was r crowded
and the music was exceedingly . beau
tiful. '
The choir, under the direction of the
organist, Samuel Mayer, sang the su
perb festival ' numbers with grand-, ef
fect. "V .
The decorations were exquisite,
there being around the pulpit a wealth
of beautiful winter flowers and green
ery.
WeaLth of Flowers
Beautifies Church.
Baptists Attend Fine
Festal Services.
There were impressive services at
Hamilton-square Baptist Church,; the
Rev. Louis J. Sawyer, pastor.. The
music, as is usual at this church, was
exceptionally fine, and the congrega
tion was large.- As in all the churches,
the decorations were handsome and
consisted of the most beautiful of the
season's riowers. ./■""■' . ','■"-.'?%'■ YMM^I'M
Christmas Tree Festival.
The Sunday-school of- the First Eng
lish Lutheran Church on Geary street,
near Octavia, will give; its Christmas
tree festival on Wednesday evening,
December" 28, commencing at "7:45
o'clock sharp. In anticipation of a
large attendance complete arrange
ments have been made for the accom
modation of. all and a most unique
programme will be presented. Admis
sion will be free*.
GOTHAM UNDER SNOW MANTLE.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— New York City
was treated to a Christmas snowstorm,
accompanied by a high wind and a de
cided drop in the temperature.^ . Shortly
after noon the first flakes began to fall.
With the snow came a; gradual increase
in the velocity of | the -wind, which '-by,
10 o'clock to-night was ; blowing thirty
miles an • hour. '. : At . that, time ; between
four and five inches of snow, had 'fallen,"
which brought the record for the mo'nth
up • to . twenty-nine inches, the heaviest
snowfall for December recorded here in
many years.
In spite of the storm there was no
lack of ; interest in the celebration of
Christmas, throughput the city, al
though i the festivities were toned down
by • Sunday solemnity and in some i in-"
stances were held in abeyance until to
morrow. Churches werejwell attended
and religious services , were , held in
nearly all the charitable institutions
and at [the Police Court . prisons.
Miss i Anthony's Old Age.
Susan B. Anthony at . 8 4 is more
alert, physically and mentally, "than
most women ■ a ; quarter; of a century
younger. The ; veteran woman suf-'
f ragist ihas benign sympathy,.-not:en
tirely, unmixed.- with;, scorn, ' for, the
faddists; who; for many years, have: ad r
vocated a multiplicity of !rules ! for.: the
maintenance - of : health'.* among r mem
bers of her. sex.'-- She, has never swung
dumbbells,"* eschewed* corsets,: pattered
over \wet' grass in her bare f eet,l taken
, to ; vegetarian *.diet~- or i, been^ kneaded
andirubbed'by ■ a" masseuse. V Miss 'An
thony j smilingly, declares that : she J has
never v.known* a day; of j real* illness.—
Exchange.' ' .-•. \ '. ' ■ \ ."■'
: EMINENT tLERGTMEN OF SAN FRANCISCO WHO YESTERDAY PREACHED
CHRISTMAS SERMONS. AND URGED THAT THE TEACHINGS OF CHRIS
TIANITY BE NOT FORGOTTEN IN THE STRESS OF MODERN LIFE. */• *
QUIET HOLIDAY
FOR PRESIDENT
Roosevelt Enjoys the Day
With the Members of His
Family at White House
HAS BUT ONE GUEST
Christmas Tree at the Home
of Mrs. W. S. Cowles, His
Sister, for the Children
WASHINGTON, Dec. 25.— Christmas
day : passed uneventfully in x Washing
ton." The weather was cloudy and raw.
Most people remained indoors during
the day, but large numbers .attended
the churches where especially prepared
programmes of Christmas music were
rendered.. ■■ ■"■>•.':' • -. • •
'At the White House the day was ob
servedasa-family holiday. . The Presi
dent remained in the house the greater
part 6t the : day. In the afternoon. j in
company with his two eldest sons
and a friend;' he went out for a walk.
The dinner to-night was limited to the
members of the family, and R. H. Fer
guson, an intimate friend from New
York, who, is a guest , at the White
House. The members - of the Presi
dent's family exchanged gifts, but there
was no Christmas tree. In place - of
this the children enjoyed the Christmas
tree at the house of Mrs. W. S. Cowles,
Roosevelt's sister.
BOY'S NARROW ESCAPE.
Badly Burned While Acting as Santa
Clnns.
PORTLAND, Dec. 25. — The lighted
candle. of a Christmas tree set fire to
the inflammable disguise of 14-year
old Earl Albright while-he .was play
ing; Santa Claus to-night at* a party
at' his parents' home,''-7 07 First street.
In" an instant the terrified boy was the
center 'of a shaft of flame.
•i.Thefire licked up the cotton batting
like 'dry powder and barely, missed set
ting 'the tree -afire as well. : Had not
several: cool headed people thrown a
rug about the boy and smothered the
flames he would have suffered fatal
injuries. As it was his face and hands
are frightfully burned.
FOUR CONVICTS PARDONED.
Governor of Illinois Hands Out a Few
-"--...; Christmas Gifts.
CHICAGO, Dec. 25. — Christmas
presents to four, prisoners sentenced-to
life ; imprisonment in the Illinois Peni
tentiary-were given by Governor. Yates
to-day in" the form of orders for their
release at • noon. ; ; The - men released
are: .; John\Oram, convicted in 1895;
William; R. Gilmore, convicted in 1896
of : the murder of ; his wife; Frank
Jones, • another wife - murderer, and
Rola Lewis, a Clay County convict. '*
London Remembers the Poor.
Dec.' 25.—^Christmas day
passed: quietly throughout i the .^United
Kingdom, fl The ; most ; notable t feature
of T theTday was ; the ' large 'amount : of
charityidistributed as the result ■ of ; the
generous sums , of money, collected f or
this^pufpose tthrough -the newspapers
andiother. channels. * .;
SPECIAL SERVICES HELD BY
THOSE OF PROTESTANT FAITH
WHITES BATTLE
WITH NEGROES
Two Policemen Fatally Hurt
and One Seriously Injured
in a Kow in New Jersey
BLACKS EESIST ARREST
Their Action Draws Citizens
and the Firemen to the
Assistance of Officers
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— Two police
men fatally injured, a third badly hurt
and four negroes locked up is the re
sult of a battle that took place early
\to-day in North Plalnfield, N. J., be
tween firemen, policemen and citizens
on one sideband a. gang of negroes on
the other. Marshal Joseph Flack and
Special'.Policeman William Kelin are
dying in the Muhlnberg Hospital, the
former with a deep knife thrust be
low the right shoulder and the latter
with razor cuts over his entire body,
sixty stitches having been required to
close the wounds. A third policeman,
Walter O. Smalley, is at his home, his
face battered and bruised. The prison
ers are Samuel Hunt, Walter Terns,
Albert Tunstall and Joseph Hender
son, all residents of Plainfleld.
The negroes had been standing on
the street corners yelling "Merry
Christmas!" at every one who passed
and demanding money to buy drinks.
Two policemen attempted to arrest the
gang and were knocked down and
beaten. They did not shoot for fear
of hUting onlookers. The firemen and
citizens joined in the battle, which
was waged for nearly half an hour.
When the negroes were about to be
taken to Jail there were cries from the
crowd of "Bring a rope!" and "Lynch
them!"
The policemen warned the more ex
cited citizens to keep away, but mem
bers of the crowd got close enough
to strike the negroes. A crowd stood
about the jail (for hours. All through
the day and in both Plainfleld and
North Plainfleld there were frequent
tilts between white men and negroes.
CHEER FOR IMMIGRANTS.
Christmas Trees, Gifts and a Feast at
Ellis Island.
NEW YORK,. Dec. 25.— Owinr to the |
late arrival of Saturday's ships 4000
immigrants were obliged to remain at
Kills Island "over Saturday night and
to spend their Christmas morning
there. The first surprise came at
breakfast- On the long tables were a
large number of little Christmas trees.
All the children received toys and can
dy and the women fruit and candy,' and
the men pipes and tobacco, cigars and
cigarettes. r. • •
Thousands of pounds of turkey was
used in preparation \ of the afternoon!
feast. The dining-rooms of .the build
ings on Ellis Island were trimmed with
evergreens.
. Miss Passay— The idea of , Mr. Hoam
ley, asking me if I couldn't learn to
love; him! • *
; -*: Miss > Pepprey— Why - not ? One - is
never too .old to learn.— Philadelphia
Press.
C1TY*S CHARGES FEAST OX
TURKEY AND GOOD THINGS
At the County Hospital, Almshouse
und Jail the Inmates Live High
for One Day.
Bountiful tables were set at all the
city's public- institutions yesterday.
Turkey and all other edibles that are
Included on the Christmas menu
served.
The Inmates of the City and County
Hospital feasted to their hearts' con
tent. Turkey held sway, but other
fowl were found on. the table, along
with other luxuries.
Like hospitality was generously be
stowed on the residents of the Alms
house. The members gladly welcomed
the change in the bill of fare and ate
turkey with relish. It was certainly a
day of happiness at this Institution.
Turkey and chicken were substi
tuted for the regular menu at th»
County Jail. The prisoners showed
their delight in the change by eatins
liberal quantities.
Robbed by Chance Acquaintance.
John Brousted of 328 Eddy street
complained to the police that ha had
been robbed of $50 yesterday by two
men whom he met- in a saloon at 112
Taylor street. Brousted says ha was
drinking in the place soon after mid
night when the tiro men engaged him
in conversation. The three soon be
came friendly and they remained in
the place until after 7 o'clock In the
morning. Then Brousted invited the
pair to accompany him to his room.
While he was out of his apartments
for a moment one of them went to a
bureau drawer and took out $50 con
cealed there. Both then made their
escape, but A. M. Simpson, one of
the men, was arrested by Policeman
Fograrty last evening and taken to the
Central station.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Heat your
once
2*j . . ~
This weather causes pneu-
monia, grippe, colds, etc. If
your stenographer, book-
keeper or clerk gets sick, lays
off for one day, it loses more
money for you than a dozen
heaters cost. Then, too, how
about yourself? Isn't your
own health of some value?
We can warm any office,
. store qt house quickly
and economically with
Phone Exchange 8 for'
,our expert. Don't wait
to write. Quick action
our style.
THE R flS COMPANY
415 Post. St..
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
FEDERATION OF CHURCHES
PLANS WEEK OF PRAYER
Two Services Daily to Mat k Holidays
• EERKELET,' Dec 25. — Prepara
tions are now being made by the
Christian ministers of Berkeley for
notable ard impressive services to he
h«-ld during the week of prayer, com
mencing: December 30. The Berkeley
Federation of Churches has the pro
gramme in charge and leading- min
isters of the college city have con
futed to contribute their best as parts
cf its features.
. Each day for a week afternoon and
evening services are to be held. Two
services a day will be held In the First
'Christian Church and two services
day in the First Congregational
Church., at Dana and Durant avenues.
"Prayer" will be the general topic
for the afternoon services and the folr
•lowing will be the sub-topics and the
leaders: |
Monday — "For Christian Leaders at
■Home and Abroad," Rev. J. H. Peele.
Tuesday — "For a Deeper Spiritual
Ufe in Our Churches," Rev. W. E.
Be. adder.
Wednesday — "For the Pupils in Our
' Sunday S< hool*." Rev. R. S. Eastman.
Thursday — "For Our Students,"
£ev. L. O. Rathbone.
Friday — "For Those Not Under
.Church Ir.f.uence."
"The Great Salvation" will be the
thj»me for the evening services. The
leaders and their subjects are to be as
■fellows: ,
* Monday night — "'As Related to God,
the Father," Rev. W. E. DarsL
. Tuesday — "As" Related to Christ, the
Eon." Rev. C. K. Jeness.
Wednesday — "As Related to the
'Fr-irit. the Comforter," Rev. \Y. H.
Horkir.s.
• Thursday — "As" Related to the
.Christian Church," Rev. E. L. Par
tons.
Friday— "As Related to the Individ
ual Soul." Rev. A. S. Coates.
HARBOR BILL
TO BE PASSED
Knowland Thinks That the
Measure Will Go Through
' but It Will Be Cut Down
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 25.
Joseph R. Knowland, Congressional
Representative, from the Third Califor
•nia district, returned home from Wash
ington last evening. in 4ime td'epend
Christmas eve with his family in his
Alameda home. Mr. Knowland is. the
only member of the California delega
tion who came back for the holidays,
and his. outline, of the .popspects- of the
cession; Is, of considerable' interest, ;'
* The fnost important statement made
by Mr. Knowland was in regard to the
river and harbor bilL There have been
rumors Irom Washington that there
would be no such bill passed by Con-
KTtss this y*-ar because of a desire to
economize, .and these rumors have had
frequent expresion in telegraphic
ttories. Mr. Knowland thinks that such
.a bill will be passed, though there is a
decides effort ui>on the part of Chair
man Burton of the Committee on
Rivers and Harbors to keep such a bill
within limits. Mr. Knowland said:
I i • .. ■- r ■:;;.; n general river at.a harbor
bill will be passed this session, though Chair-
Biaa Burton of that coxsrrutte* is making
«v-«T7 eSort to prevent It Wcotning topheary.
Tliere is a tcnoency upon the p*rt oi every
CocrreasRian *bo« ai«rict has fc^ne naiiga
bl« fOream or harbor to try to get all he can
lor tut particular district, and it requires a
cexft-headed and ;careiul man. *uch as Con
sr*asinan "Burton i«. t<* ksep the bill frcin
. reaching .piwrniojis proportion*. We all want
to haie QaJcUiid Jmrbor Improved, but while
■** »e* tioiittaz but our own barber It must
be. rernemberal that there ar* hundreds of
harbors in the country, all wanting approprla
tlofca, and hundreds o( river distncU, all ask—
lfil for money.
There is no question that the general
bin will be irhaved down by Chairman Uurt-xi.
but It looka very well lor Oakland. I beliere
that our harbor will get most. IX not all, of
wbat it wants. The een<!in«r of Mr. Stearns
•mS Sir. Sesiions to Washington produced a
t<*4 effect. They both fumlfbed a great deal
of ' information to the committee, asd Chair
man Burton appeared very much interested.
He asked for maps, with details of the amount
ef in Oakland barber. Mr. Burton
frankly ««ia !»• thought that some of the work
ougfct to be done by the property holders along
tb* harbor front or by the city, and he was
»';r;r:i':i when he was ehoirn bow much had
b^etr <Wee fcy both the private owner* and the
ettjv . ..-..-
Tbe California delegation ' Is working hard
for th» ftiate, bet there Is no harder worked i
man than Secretary Metcalf. He controls a
d«r»rtroent that is not yet thoroughly organ
iced, and It makes bl> work doubly hard. He
Is at his desk morning, noon and night, and
the rreat ' fear of his friends in that he will :
break down tinder the strain. Mr. Metcalf is :
rersJ"c>4 to the hfrbest light by the old-timers '
In 'Wasfcir^rton. He is not only doing the work ;
of hi* deoartzsest for the entire country, bat
Isifceeplhr watch uuen affaire that Interest the
Piaeinc- Coast. 'Whea tt Is remembered that '•
Baa Francisco and the Bound harbors are
largely under the control of his department it
can be seen how ranch Mr. Metcalf can do for
the adr&acemrat of this coast.
"He talks a great deal about his
family tree."
"That may account for the tales I've
heard about his shady past."—Phila
delphia Press.
When might and right engage' in fight,
And very oft* they should, ' ; - '
We find that might does -not make
right. ' : •
Dut generally makes good.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
Cannot Rest i
Tour appetite is gone. What little you
eat distresses you. Strength is falling —
are bilious. You have headache, back-
ache. 'feel blue and melancholy — and can
not rest or sleep. The fact Is your nerves
are unstrung, and you are on the verge
of nervous prostration. They -must be
strengthened, renewed. They will not
cure themselves,, but- must have a nerve
remedy. This you will. find in
Dr. Miles' t Nervine
It is prepared for Just such Ailments,
aod Is a never-failing remedy; because it
soothes, feeds and builds the nerves back
to health; • ' •
If allowed to continue, stomach, kid-
ney and liver troubles will soon be added
to your, already overflowing measure of
misery. VBiMSBBIHHKBHBM
"I suffered from nervous prostration.
"When I began taking Dr. Miles' Nervine
I couldn't hold anything in my hands,
nor get from 'one room to another." Now
I do all my own work." — MRS. CHAS.
LAND RUM, Carthage, Mo." .
Nervine seldom falls to d» all we claim
for it and so we authorize druggists to
refund money If first bottle doe* not ben-
WELLr-KNOWX MINISTERS WHO ARE TAKIXG A i'HOMlXENT - PART IN
. .THE WEEK OF PRATER- XO1V ATTRACTING MARKED ATTENTION
AMONG; THE. CHURCHES OF BERKELEY AND VICINITY.- .
HEBREW IDEA
OF CHRISTMAS
Rabbi 31. Fifedlander, Lea'd :
ing Jewish Divine of Oak
land, on Great Christian Day
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
101C Broadway, Dec 25.
The ideas, of a' Jewish rabbi UDon
Christinas at Christmas ume. Years
ago this would have seemed an impos
sibility, but Rabbi M. Friedlander of
the FirsJL Hebrew Congregation of Oak
land has come boldly forward and re
corded his opinions in an article that
has Just been given to the public. The
Rabbi has treated Christmas from the
point of view of his religion, and he
has treated it fearlessly, and as he sees
it. These ideas, as written and pre
pared by the rabbi himself, are of in
terest, and among the points he brings
out are the following:
- TVhetlxr Chrtatmaa is the birthday of Jesus
of Nazareth, aa Is believed by orthodox
churchmen, or it is a survival of the heathen
Sturcalia taken up and embellished with ad
ditional solemnity by the church, as is claimed
by the Inquiring student. aU enter heartily in
the celebration of the day as a festival of good
cheer and social enjoyment. People of ail f alt h.->,
and of no faith, equally Join In the merry ob
servance of the day in rlvlcs and receiving,
presents. Many among .the Jews, especially
among the Jewish children. Join in the general
festivities of CbriBtmas and exchange greetings
and glfta .with their Christian neighbors .and
friends out of a spirit of fellowship and friend
liness. Tear by year the religious significance
of the day is noticeably shifted farther to' the
background, and the social feature of It is' be
coming more prevalent. Most people, even
tbote of Christian parents and Christian train-
Ing, when asked why they observed Christmas
give as the answer, "Because every one else
did." A <Say on which ordinary vocation U
suspended, friendship exchanged, sumptuous
meals are prepared, the family assembled, and
the children are enjoying a merry good time,
should receive a general welcome especially
by a generation so busy and rushed as we are,
no' matter what Us eric In. . . .
In Russia., where the church' keeps the people
In darkness, Christmas is generally marked by
violence and bloodshed committed by ignorant
zealots upon those who do not belong to the
Greek church. What a glaring instance of
how the power of Christianity is crippled by
the discipline of the church.
And while ' i-uch - bigotry and the evil re
sulting therefrom as exists to this day in
Eastern Europe are impossible In our land of
enlightenment, yet . the government of the
American church (or shall I say, the policy of,
the clergy) IB not entirely free from criticism.
The church refuses to entirely rid itself of the
old asoteric .doctribe; it still rigidly enforces
the principal - cf exclustraieps — it does not ad
mit any "outsider" to ita pulpit whose theo
logical exposition and scriptural exegesis are
presupposed to have different ' coloring from
tbosft given by the religious guide of ita own
camp. We can see no harm ensuing from pre
senting the significance of religion and an ap
prehension of God from different. grounds. One
might regard his religion* better than that of
others, but be cannot reasonably regard the
reilgios of others a mental disease whose in
fection is to be feared, when that religion
teaches the belief in God, who is the slnglo
guiding Dower of the world and perfect in a
humanity which emulates his goodness and
reachaa out after his holiness. If religion Is to
Influence every phase of human life, then life
cannot be complete without a full and clear
knowledge of every phase of human reason
ing on which our apprehension of God is based.
It la here the insistence by the church to pre
clude from ~ Ita gates - an* - Interchange ■ of
thought, that the secular press In this coun
try, by its quick detection of what institu
tions fall . short, and subtle Insight of * the
people's needs, has made itself an Indispensable
supplement to the church.' •, ' ■
The Paris correspondent of the Lon
don Mail says that males'; brains make
very good eating and are frequently
used Instead of calves' brains in Paris
ian * restaurants.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY. DECEMBER 26, 1904.
DEATH DREAM
CAUSES A ROW
AVife Slayer Energetically
Protests Against Prophe
cies From Hindoo Jailmate
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, E>ec.'25. *
Half a riot was caused to-day in
the Grand Jury corridor of the Coun
ty Jail when Lemuel D. Campbell,
awaiting trial on a. charge of murder
ing, his wife, Laura Campbell, tongue
lashed Ramlna Aramancha Singh,
self -styled Prince, of India, a fellow
prisoner who had been giving pub
licity to strange dreams which, he as
serted,, he had experienced and -in
which Campbell had figured as the
victim of the law's .severest punish
ment. : - »
home of Campbell's friends told the
prisoner that Singh had announced
he -saw in visions the accused wife
slayer headed for the- Styx. Camp
bell did not enjoy the prophecy. In
fact, he demonstrated his wrath so ve
hemently that Jailer 'Harry. Clark was
called to quell the disturbance in the
corner occupied by the pair.
•'I. give you notice now," declared
Campbell,, addressing his dusky jail
mate, "that I'll beat your head off if
you send out any more stuff like that."
The threat was enough to give
Singh food for reflection and the
"prince" transferred his confidences to
David Kiniry, who is also held on a
murder charge. • ■ \<, .-.■
Singh's tales about trance manifes
tations of. gibbets, ghastly skeletons,
eerie ghosts and . such like uncanny
visions with Campbell, as the central
figure were heralded as an evidence
of the dark-hued prisoner's metaphys
ical endowments. Out of. the realm
of the shades this devotee of. the oc
cult pretended to have drawn a horo
scope, of Campbell's fate. He 'painted
In a conglomeration of words a pic
ture of awful disaster. It was a hodge
podge* of grewsome prophecy.. >" ■:
All of this, Singh averred, portend
ed the death of Campbell. Naturally
the Hindoo's utterances- -were s not
soothing and Campbell took offense
and strenuously i objected to hearing
his fate thus foretold. After the ex
plosion, Singh decided to v try,his luck
with Kiniry. ■ The results were better.
The pair got together, on a commercial
basis. » For valuable ' consideration,
coin. in amount not 'mentioned, Ki»iry
agreed' to sell 'and deliver "to Singh
Fuch of his personal effects as Kiniry
feels he will not need again. These
consist of ' weatlng apparel, silver
ware and trinkets.
."'..Two ■■weeks hence Singh .will be re
leased, after serving a sentence' of six
months' imprisonment.-; for. , thieving.
The. Jailers suspect he has some
scheme in mind by which to .realize
handsomely upon Kiniry's possessions.
But they are not in the confidence t of
the "prince." . . , -
Singh's Christmas to-day
consisted of a .visit from Miss Nellie
Faulkner, the striking - blonde, who
has" been devoted in her 'attentions
ever since his j peculations ' sent ' him
to jail. / ■ .',>;;■
Talk . may be cheap, but \ the \ heater,
man charges considerable for^furnish
ing a line of. hot air. -,
SING ANTHEMS,
TO THE CHRIST
Large Choirs Take Part in
Fitting Programmes of
Music in Many Sanctuaries
SUNDAY SCHOOLS BUSY
Poor and Needy Receive^TO
come Gifts From Organiza
tions That Show Generosity
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 25.
. Beautiful anthems of the nativity
were sung to-day by choirs in' many
of Oakland's churches in celebration
of the greatest sacred festival of the
Christian world. • Discourses by pas
tors were appropriate to the day.
In all of the evangelical churches
the services, morning and* evening,
were elaborate in-their musical num
bers. Choirs were increased and- or
chestras were added to swell the har
monious rendition of hymns to the
Christ child. The Roman Catholic
churches observed the day by cele
bration of high mass in each parish,
this following the offering of masses
at hourly intervals in the morning.
The Episcopal parishes took part in
the communion services at morning
worship. In the evening services
were elaborated by music.'. .
Distribution of Christmas cheer was
the order of the day among many or
ganizations and philanthropic persons
who attended to the duty of caVing for
the needy.
Oakland Lodge No. 171 of Elks
completed its annual output of Christ
mas ooxes, leaving a generous holiday
dinner complement with 465 families.
In each Christmas package was a roast
of beef, sack of beans with bread, but
ter, mush, onions, potatoes, oranges,
apples, tea, coffee, salt, pepper, nuts,
candy, extracts, soap, rlce_and sugar.
The distribution was in the hands of
Clay Hawbaker. Among his assist
ants were: G. \V. Blethen, F. Baum
gartner, J. Daniels, A. E. Johnstone,
the Rev. William Carson Shaw, E. A.
Shaw, A. Hutchinson, Dr. W. H. Hal
sey, A. C. Hodges and George W.
Frick.
The Salvation Army has distributed
1000 baskets of Christmas dinners to
deserving families. A Christmas tree
celebration for children will be given
Thursday night at the army barracks,
Ninth street, near Clay.
The Volunteers of America will hold
a Christmas gift celebration Monday
afternoon at 2:30 o'clock at Eighth
street and Broadway. -
MANY SERMONS.
In connection with Christmas ob
servance the Rev. E.,E. Baker, pastor
of the First Presbyterian Church,
preached to-day, on '."The, Strong Son
of God" and "The First .Christmas
Gifts." /The. music included chorus
anthemg by the large choir, solo num
bers by Claude Hunt and Mrs. A. T.
Fletcher,. Mrs.' John Madden, Miss
Mabel Gordon and Mrs. Robert Lloyd
in quartet. The Sunday school held a
special service this" morning. Mrs.
Charles Woodbury took part in a reci
tation of, the Christmas story.
The Rev. Samuel Conn, D. D., of
Los Gatos preached fo-day'at Brook
lyn Presbyterian Church.
The Rev. R.' C. Stone conducted
Christmas services at Centennial Pres
byterian Church. <
Christmas services at. Union-street
Presbyterian Church included music by
a choir composed of Mrs. M. M. Brown,
Mrs. J. W. Aldrich, Mrs. J. E. White
head, Miss M. Sampson, Miss C. Pei
penburg. M. M. Brown, J. E. White
head, Miss H. L. Chamberlain, Miss
Eva Williams, ' Miss Estelle Matheson,
Miss L. Howland. Miss M. Harris, I. S.
MacCurdy, C. Burnstrager. George Pol
litt, organist; S W. J., Oakes, choir di
rector.
The Rev. D. E. Potter, the pastor,
preached this morning on "The Three
Wise Men:" . . ■ ' . ' - • -
.'"The Word Made Flesh" was the sub
ject of the Rev. E. R. Dille's Christmas
sermon' this morning .at the'. First
Methodist Church. ~ A\ Christmas can
tata was sung at • choral services this
evening. The Rev. I.* N. Halllday, the
assistant pastor, . delivered . an address.
The Sunday school gave . a Christmas
entertainment Friday.' night, presenting
"The Charmed Garden," a holiday can
tata.
The Rev. J. C. Bolster's subjects for
Christmas sermons at Chester-street
Methodist Church were "His Star in the
East" and "A Villain's Christmas-Plot."
The choir and Sunday School of Gold
en . Gate ; Methodist -.Church held a
Christmas celebration this evening, led
bythe Rev. E. M. Hill, the pastor.
Christmas carols w.ere sung this eve
ning at 6 o'clock at St. Paul's Episcopal
Church.
The Rev. Edgar F. Gee, rector of St.
John's Episcopal Church, delivered an
address this evening, when a children's
carol service was held. '
OTHER SERVICES.
Besides the other, ritualistic service
at'- the Church of the Advent,, the Rev.
William Carson Shaw, the rector, offi
ciating, an elaborate " musical pro
gramme was rendered at each service.
At St.; Andrew; s Church the Rev. O.
St.* John Scott, the. rector, conducted
the holiday celebrations. ; :
Holy communion,. with special music,
was celebrated this • morning by the
Rev. Clifton* Macoh at Trinity Church.
Fifty numbers of the chorus choir of,
the First Baptist Church, P. A. R.
Dow director, W. : W. -Ellis organist,
sang the Christmas numbers to-day.
Miss Gertrude 'Hibberd, violinist; Will
Leimert, "cellist, gave solo numbers. A
cantata, . , "The % Righteous . -Branch"
(Clough-Leighter), 1 wasv rendered this
evening- V The ; : soloists were: Mrs.
Margaret- Best, soprano"; * Mrs. J. J.
Warner,, contralto: ; Scott Kent and
Norman Pendleton,' 'tenors; I Reginald
Marrack, barytone.- • -
The Rev. "vJ; P. Currin, pastor of
Gdlden Gate Baptist Church, preached
to-day on "A Cosmopolitan Gathering
Around the Cradle, or Contrasts of the
Manger." A'. Sunday-school entertaln
ment was held this evening under di
rection of William Joseph, the super
intendent. ■'■".."- ■ -■":' *"* ~;\ ■.-/
',. Christmas services at the Tenth Ave
nue Baptist Church included , chorals
by a large choir, the. soloists for .which
were • Mrs. ' Jessie Brock : Morgan, Miss
Juillerat. Mr. Read and Mr.- Mariner. -
•The Rev. Robert WhitaKer, 1 pastor. of
the Twenty-third : Avenue Baptist
Church,* preached this morning- on "A'
Christmas Query: Is, Christianity a
Success7"r r .
"•The Rev. Charles : R. Brown, pastor
of the • First '• Congregational Church,
preached ' the Christinas^ sermon . this
nJorning.T" The choir of " eighty : voices
pang Handel's oratorio, 1 - "The Messiah,"
this evening. , -
-The -Second Congregational Church,
the Rev. H.F.- Burgess pastor, listened
SAY ANDERSON
IS DANGEROUS
Detectives Eegard Man Cap
tured by Patrolman Sherry
as a Desperate Prisoner
TRY TO TRACE RECORD
Suspected Footpad Refuses
to Tell Where His Abode Is
Located in San Francisco
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 25.
Andrew Anderson, the vicious ap
pearing longshoreman, arrested yes
terday morning by Policeman John
Sherry, who found an ugly loaded pis
tol and a mask of black cloth on his
prisoner, has become the object of no
little solicitude on the part of the Po
lice Department.
Though the detectives do not put
much faith in their ability to connect
Anderson with the murder of Police
man George W. Brown they are sat
isfied that their prisoner is a danger
ous man equal to such a Crime.
Anderson has been given a close ex
amination. He has denied that he
killed Brown..but his denials are cou
pled with admissions that he waa
ready to use his pistol in any murder
ous way that would gain him chance
to get away after committing a crime.
Anderson has also told the police
that he would not hesitate to do rob
bery. In fact he has very strongly
impressed his questioners with the
fact that he was desperate and
despondent enough to stop at nothing.
Detectives have been trying to find
Anderson's room in San Francisco. He
told the police he had some personal
effects stored at a friend's residence
and there he had stayed for a while.
But he will not tell the authorities
where his abode has been in San
Francisco.
Chief of Police Hodgkins has not
been able to find explanation for An
derson's significant remark: "Well,
we got one of you fellows the other
night, any way," said to Patrolman
Sherry when he arrested the man.
That assertion applied to Brown's
murder, the detectives think, but they
cannot connect their prisoner. Young
Hersey, who was robbed shortly be
fore the killing of Brown, will be
asked to look at Anderson to-morrow,
as will others who were victims of
footpads the week of the policeman's
death. Hodgkins said to-day he had
no hope that Anderson could be iden
tified as the robber.
"Nevertheless," said the chief, "this
man is in such a desperate frame of
mind that he would stop at nothing.
He is a murderer at heart and has
said so. I do not feel to-day that he
can be held as a highwayman unless
he should be wanted in San Francisco
or in some other city: .. "We shall see
that he is sent to jail for the limit on
the., charge of carrying a concealed
weapon. Meanwhile every effort will
be made to trace Anderson's move
ments for some time past. -
WELIj KNOWX IN SAX JOSE.
Anderson Has. a Police Record There
for Minor Offenses.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 25. — Andrew An
derson, who, has been arrested on sus
picion of having knowledge of the
murder of Policeman Brown in Oak
land, is well known in this city, where
he made periodical visits for the last
three or four years. He has been ar
rested here for minor offenses, such
as drunkenness and disturbing the
peace.
Anderson is known by Policeman
Black and" other members 6f the lo
cal force, who saw him here the last
time about three weeks ago. He has
been suspected of being implicated in
holdups here, but there was never any
proof against him. Sometimes he
went under the name of Sharkey. He
worked about gardens and was em
ployed when last here by Mrs. Carrie
Stevens "Walter, a. well-known literary
woman. Anderson claimed to be a
landscape gardener as well as a-long
shoreman. When; absent from here
he always claimed to be working upon
the water front in San' Francisco.
HABITS OF -'FISH MAY
1 - . , BE STUDIED AT FAIR
Shallow Waters of Portland Exposi
tion Lake Will- Contain 125,000
Electric Lights. .
PORTLAND, Dec. 25. — Among the
novelties of the Lewis and Clark Ex
position is the submarine lighting of
Guilds Lake. , Electrical Engineer
Thompson of .the exposition company
to-day submitted plans which com
plete a scheme calling for 125,000
lights on Columbia court,' the shore 'of
the lake, and alongside the bridge of
the nations. This lake is the largest
body of water ever enclosed in ex
position grounds, being over 200 acres
in" extent and the arrangements being
carried out will transform the lake
into a blaze of glory
: The lights will be fifty candlepower
and enclosed: in air and water-tight
receptacles. Spectators will be able to
see all kinds of fish swimming about
in the shallow, water. This subma
rine illumination will also give the ef
fect of dancing flames of fire at a dis
tance in the night.
B AKERSFIELD IS v SCENE -
OF DAYLIGHT ' ROBBERY
Pedestrian Felled j to Ground by. Blow
From Behind and His Pock
ets Are Rifled.
BAKERSFIELD,. Dec. 25. — -As
James. Murray, was walking along L
street, near Twentieth, this morning
he was: struck a terrific blow from
behind' which rendered him uncon
scious, v His ■ assailant then went
| through I his pockets. The robber- se
cured & little more than 35 in silver,
■overlooking a check for 350, which
Murray had pinned in his inside
' pocket ;. .V' v3$RgS3Sf3g«
..•* The authorities were notified by
Murray shortly after.he regained con
sciousness . and , within an hour the
robber was found by .the-Sheriff and
Officer Tibbits in the Occidental bar.
At the police station he gave his name,
as H.' McGulre.
"
*;.' '-• ',- —: —: —■■ , -i
to a Sunday-school Christmas' concert
this evening, which' was conducted by*
Mrs.'James Smith. <
: At V Pilgrim 1 Congregational Church
music, was sung -by a quartel composed
of ; Mrs. R. C. Brooks, Miss Elsie Mar
wedel, John Coombs and Edson Wllcox
W. A.' Hunter' sang tenor : solo's. Mrs
Harriet Hale Crafts was organist John
Coombs f gave violin . numbers.
,; : A large chorus choir: gave ■ the music
at the First Christian Church under
the direction' of Dr. O. S.' Dean.
REAL ESTATE
MEN PLEASED
Market, Though at Holiday
Lull, Shows a Steadiness
Speaking Well for Values
NEW FEUITVALE TKACT
Emeryville Manufacturers
Are Talking About Great
Enlargement of Works
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec 25.
Ths real estate market has been quiet
during the week. Few large transac
tions have been recorded. Oakland,
Berkeley and Alameda dealers report a
greater volume of what is known aa
small business than ever before during
the week preceding the Christmas holi
days.
One of the most important transac
tions of the week was the purchase by
G. H. and Charles F. Lee of a tract of,
eighty-three acres in Fruitvale. front
ing on High street at its intersection
with the new scenic boulevard. Thia la
the last large tract of land in Fruitvale,
and the purchasers will at once subdi
vide it into residence lots. These lota
will front on .two of the most impor
tant streets of the district, and are
within easy walking distance of the car
lines.
The Parafflne Paint Company of Em
eryville is contemplating the addition
to their present factory of a $100,000
plant for the manufacture of parafflne
paper. In order to get the space neces
sary for the new buildings and ware
houses the company has asked the
Town Trustees for permission to close
Second street. At the last meeting of
the Trustees the matter was discussed
and it is likely that the request of the
company will be granted.
The Town Trustees of Emeryville
have ordered much street work done.
Bids will be received until January 21
and opened on January 23. The total
cost will be nearly $15,000.
The Upland Improvement Club is the
latest civic organization formed in
Berkeley. It was organized by real
dents of East Berkeley, and Edward S.
Fowler ot Fitzgerald, Campbell &
Fowler, attorneys, of San Francisco
was elected president. Deputy United
States Marshal A- L. Farish waa chosen
secretary.
Real estate men are well satisfied
with the business record of 1904 and
expect an increase in the sales of all
kmda of property during 1905. Hol
comb. Breed & Bancroft report a
steady demand for residence property,
both improved and unimproved, and
many inquiries for centrally located
business property. They offer some
choice residence sites close to the
business district. «
W. J. Laymance of the Laymance
Real Estate Company believes the
present lull in the market will be fol
lowed by a large increase In all
branches of the real estate business.
His company has just opened a large
tract in Piedmont and is selling many
villa sites in that district.
E. J. Stewart reports a quiet market
dii ring the week, but says the coming
year and see a large Increase in sales
of all kinds of property.
Taylor Bros. & Co. report a quiet
market generally, but look for great
improvement after the new year.
A- S. Kreiss of Kreiss & Horswill
said the business of the last month
had exceded expectations. He reports
a steady demand for houses ranging
from $2500 to $4000. Kreiss & Hors
will report the following sales during
the month of December:
Lot £0x140 feet, north side of Thlrty-foarth
street, - for W. E. Roeder to C. T. Waehs;
nine-room dwelling, east side of Orange street,
lot 50x125, for Mrs. E. Luscomb« to James J.
Schmidt; eight-room dwelling east side of
Hamilton place, for Clarence - Grange to
Charles E. Lambing: slx-rxan house north
side of Thirty-third, lot 83x100. for Mrs. J
Enloe to Selma T. Black: house and lot on
Piedmont arenue to Ira P. Bunster: nine
room dwelling, southeast corner Piedmont and
Laurel, for John Fraxler to Mrs. Jennie Mey
ers: four flats, south side- of Eighth street, be
tween Oak and Fallen, .for C. Gustafson to
Cbnrad Hermle.
Walter E. Logan reports a marked
Increase in sales made last -week over
those made during the same time last
year.
FIND BURGLAR
DEEP IN SLEEP
Policeman and Saloonman
Bag Thief .Who Had Been
Overcome by Strong Drink
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
: 1016 Broadway, Dec* 25.*
. Not satisfied with breaking into J.
Chigllotti's saloon, .5093 .Telegraph
avenue, and plundering the cash regis
ter, Edward Howltt, a molder, 24 years
old, drank deeply of* the liquors he
found at his disposal and fell into a
deep, drunken slumber, on the floor in
front of the coin box he had rifled.
There Howitt was found by Policeman
W. H. Smith and Chigliotti at 3:30
o'clock this morning and carted off to
jail on a charge of burglary.
Smith was passing the saloon on pa
trol when his attention * waa attracted
by the noise of. the cash register bell
sounding.' The policeman noticed that
the place was dark and . locked. He
summoned Chigliotti. ■ Stationing the
proprietor at the front door,. Patrolman
Smith went to the rear." • There he saw
the backyard - littered with whisky bot
tles. A window was open and showed
where ■ it had been forced. Smith
crawled into the saloon, flashed a light
and saw a man's form. stretched out
on the floor. The sleeper was dead
drunk.
• Chigliotti was called in, and a search
was made that brought to light in the
prisoner's pockets three dimes, nine
nickels and two twenty-flve-cent pieces.
The saloon register was open. Chig
liotti said he had left in the till. three
dimes, nine nickels and one two-bit
piece. Upon this showing the somno
lent criminal was arrested for burglary.
He came to himself sufficiently to give
his name at the city prison. The police
think Howitt helped himself liberally
to the liquor stock before he opened the
machine, because It was not long, alter
Smith heard the bell sound that he re
turned with Chigliotti.
Nell— Since Maude has been wear.
Ins classes does she think she sees
better? Belle— Well.' she thinks she
looks better. i ..-■■■
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
- OAKLAXIX
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 1083.
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
\ AliAMEDA.
1425 Park Street.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
SATTRDAT. DEC 24
Rebecca Harrla (wlflow) to l!*tMW* Gat
mann. lot on X Ham at TWrt ma—u T3 £
Broadway. E 23 by Jf 100. lot M. bloc* 31.
Kellcrsberrer'a nip, Oaklaad; also lot ca B.
Una Broadway. 60 X Third wltftmt. N 23 ty E
73. lot 3, block SI. MU20 map. Oakland; V~}
Frank H. Garcia, to Cfcarlc* V7. N'orcn**,
lot on E Una of Filbert ttrwt. 154:9 N Twetty-
Crtt. 9 25. by E 125. portion or lot 8. tbek
O. map survey Northern Erteffiiaa. Or*
laad; $10.
C. M. azd Ocrrl* WUIard (wtr«). M. E.
Dougherty (sl&£l«) to C. U. Ktgl«7. lot 15.
corrected map of resubdi vision. Cock A.
Bromagiia Tract. Oakland; $10.
Astos« or JLctoclo and Asr.a C. Ari:» (wif«)
to Jiaa'-el Eaos and Rotasna LcU. lot on 3
line of B*nton street. 120 W Orore, W M:S.
B 133 n 60:9 N' 133 (125) lot*. 20 and 21. block
2. mas McK*» Tract, in plat *6. V. and D.
Feraita Kancfco, Oakland: $10.
Alice Burna William* (Alice H. or Alice
Barns) (by John N. Bishop. SnertS) to H. A.
Hawkins, lot ca «?'.*.' ccrnar of Slzteectn and
JeCeraon atreeta, W SO by S 75. Oakland; $31U-
D. R. and Mary A. MaNeiU (•»i:#» to Barry
Morteasca (EBarried). lot 21. map Idora Park
Tract. Oakland; $10.
Harry and Graoe Berta Korteasoa
(wife) to Albert Mortenscn. same. Oakland: $18
Matlieaa Canhoto to^Maiiasa J. <!e Freitai
Canhoto, lot on E line of K«nnsdy street. 110 N
Deniaon. N 30 by E 100 block A, BieU Houni
Tract. East Oakland; silt.
CUxabetb En:e (Cannody) to l£ar*ar*C G.
Keeran (liable) undivided sixth of b: «n N'
Una of Sixth street. 75 B of Jefferson. S T3
by N 100, lots 25 to 23 block C3. Kilmbez
tar's map, Oakland; p0. . . " . f
Henry C. Campbell to Joseph B. fie Ma=t.
lot at lnters*ctlon of SW Use cf Twenty-ninth
atreet with W line of Walswortii avenue. >."W
100 TO. SW To EC 139.03. N S0.53. lota 1 anJ
*, map cf subdivision of lot 3. Walswwta
100- acre Tract, etc.. Oakland; 113.
Berkeley Develcpicent Company to 3Ctone'l
Johnsea. re- record »04 d. 422. lot 4. block 8.
Falnrlew Park portion of Vicente Pera'ta Re
serve (Oakland. Berkeley asd Oakland Tows
ship). Oakland; $10.
Alary Lcretta K.ri falnr**) to PhClp O.
Boehmer and Lena Schoenstedt, lot on N cor
ner of Fifth avenne and East Nlntn street,
N E S5 by KW 1C3 block S. Clinton. East Oak
land; $10.
L«>ter Ferry tt tl. t» J. & TtniVli.
lot besinnlss; at potat in center line of Six
teenth avenue. SW 114.92 distant from point
at Intersection of said l!n« In avenue with
8W corner of East Twelfth street, these* 83
8187. S3 47.43, SB 41.19 SB 49:9. 8E S3.2S.
SW 8. SB 43.C9. SS 40.25 to center :i=e of
Beventeenth avenne. S'-V 156:1 to S Lne of
right of way of Central Padna RaUroad.
thence aloe? said last line to Its Intersection
with center Une of Eighteenth avenue extend
ed SW along said last lisa to Intersection with
Government harbor line as established by
Colonel George Mendell theace W to Intersec
tion with BE Une of land of C C Sessions,
thence NE 125. N 17355. NE 79. ND » to
beginning. East Oakland; $23,639.
Thomas Mullen or llulltn to lliry
(wUe). aU Interest In lot 22, block C. Adeline
Tract. Berkeleyi $10i
Davtd and Olevla Cralr (wife) to R. TV.
Roble, lot on SW corner of Haste and Uilvta
(TremoBt) streets. W 60t 8 83:8. E 55.32; 21
63.SST. being N portion lot 1. block S. ma?
blocks 5 and 6, Barker Tract. Berkeley; $: •>.
R. W. and Cassle M. Robl* (wife) to David
and Olevla Craig, lot on E lln» of Fulton
street. 45 S of Parker. S 45 by E 109. portion
lot 15, block 1455, Berkeley property, map*
Kern. 1 and 2, Blake Tract, Eerkeiey: $10.
Loretta C. Brakenrlflge to O«crr» T. - Plow
man, lot on E line of Grove street. 120 S of
Rose S 40 by E 120. portion lot «. block 4.
Graves & Taylor Tract. Berkeley: $10t>.
Mary XJoyd Swain (widow) .ta EL- B.'
ton and W. O. Needham. lot • on W iiae of
MSI via street. 300 S of Vine. 8 40 by "W 16S:a,
portion: lots 11 and 12; block 8. aazne, Berks
ley: 510.
California R«aJ Estate Inv»»tni^nt Company
to Carrie I* Booth nri.'» of Charles S.). lot on
W line of Choate (now Telegraph aventie>
street. 2OO N of Bancroft way, N 40 by W
110:2. portion lot 8. block 2. map Villa lots,
adjoining university #ite on S. Berkeley; $10.
JAIL AWAITS CORRUPT
OFFICIALS OF HATTT
Bankers and - Former 3Xlni9ters Sen
tenced for Perpetrating Fraud
In Bond Issue.
PORT AU PRINCE. Haytl. Dec 15.
In accordance with the verdict ot the
Jury in the fraudulent bond cases, the
court has pronounced Judgment. It
acquits Hebard Roy, former Minister
of Finance, and two high officials and
condemns Vilbrun Guimaume, former
Minister of War, to penal servitude
for life. The high officials of the Na
tional Bank of Haytl are sentenced
to four years* imprisonment; and two
sons of Former President Sam, Gedo.
a former Minister, and Saint Victor,
former Minister of Foreign Affairs, to
three years* Imprisonment. Judgment
against other persona will ba pro
nounced later.
The bond cases grew out of an" act
of the Haytien Congress of 1902, au
thorizing: the consolidation- of the na
tional debt into a bond Issue of H.
000,000 and an additional 3213.28*2 to
be paid the bank for financing l the
deal. Before the transaction was com
pleted the Government of President
Nord came Into power. The bank of
ficials were Imprisoned & year ago on
a charge of conspiring with the Secre
tary of the Treasury In fraudulently
issuing from 3200.000 to 3850,000 in
bonds and of alleged bribery.
ELECTION OF RIVAL MAT
LEAD TO A CONTEST
Friends of Defeated Candidate for
Supervisor Want the Ballots
Counted In Court.
BALLARD, Dec. 25. — Cyril G.
Lamb Intends to contest the right of
Frank M. Glass to a seat in the Board
of Supervisors. At the last general
election the vote for Lamb, Republi
can candidate, and Glass, Demo
crat, resulted in a tie. At a special
election held December 16. Glass re
ceived a majority of eleven votes.
Lamb's supporters now contend that
fraudulent work was done in at least
one precinct, and they are determined
to have a recount.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures
Sore Throat
A Harmless Antiseptic
Endorsed by the medical profession.
Send ten cents to pay postage on
free trial bottle. SoIdbyLead-
!"£ PpKS' 3^ Not genuine unless
label bears my signature :
61 0 Prince. St.. V.Y.
Write for free booklet on Rational Treat-
ment of Disease.j I lCAOJb.FvS . '- . .
i There Will Be
■
j
DON'T MISS IT
Store in [M* auvays reliable Reduc-
the West j f MARKET^ fJQNES STS tions
WRECK BLOTS
OUT SIX LIVES
In Addition a Half Dozen
Are Hurt in a Collision
of Trains in Illinois
LOTJISVU^LE. Ky.. Dee. 25.— The
passenger train which left St. Louis
at 9 o'clock last night on the South
ern Railway collided head on near
Mauds Station, HL, to-day with the
passenger train which left Louisville
at about the same hour. One passenger
■and six employes were killed and two
passengers and elx employes Injured.
The dead:
CHARLES SCHMIDT. Centralla, IlL
ENGINEER BOWEK, Princeton,
Ind.
FIREMAN CHARLES H. HUTT.
Princeton, Ind.
MAIL CLERK H. D. HOGAX,
Georgetown, Ind.
SECTION FOREMAN UNDER
WOOD. Princeton, Ind.
EMPLOYE HENRY O. OSKIN, Ten
nyson, Ind.
SECTION MAN CYRUS HUTCHIN
SON.
The St. Louis-Louisville and the St.
Louis-Knoxville sleepers were drawn
by both trains, but none of the pas
sengers in those four cars was injured.
Both -engines were badly damaged and
four coaches destroyed.
The collision occurred between Mount
Carmel, 111., and Princeton, Ind., and
according to the Southern Railway
officials was caused by the failure of
the operator at Browns, 111., to deliver
to the eastbound train an order naming
a meeting point for the trains.
CHARLES F. DODGE GUARDED
BY NEW YORK DETECTIVES
Man Accused of Perjury in Divorce
Case Does Not Object to
Jerome's Slcthods.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25. — Charles F.
Dofige, who was brought back to this
city from Texas on Friday to stand
trial on a charge of perjury in con
nection with the Morse-Dodge divorce
tangle and who was released on his
recognizance yesterday at the request
of District Attorney Jerome, was
guarded to-day by several members of
the detective staff attached to the of
fice of the District Attorney. He re
ceived no visitors and did not leave
his hotel.
His attorney, James W. Osborne,
said that whatever has been done by
Jerome In providing suitable guards
for Dodsre has been wholly acquiesced
in by Dodge. >-
It is said that there will be no move
made In the case until Dodge goes
before the Grand Jury, and that he
will remain under guard until the Dis
trict Attorney no longer needs him as
a witness.
STEAMSHIP FOR TWO DAYS
AT MERCY OF THE SEA
Vessel Readies Boston From Japan
After Having Been Battered
About in Fierce Storm. ,
BOSTON, Dec. 25. — The steamship
African Prince.from Japanese ports to
this city and New York, came up the
harbor to-day with her propeller shaft
twisted, her steering gear damaged,
boats lost and portions of her deck
torn up by the fury of a storm en
countered in mldocean. Afler the
steering gear was damaged the vessel
was tossed for two days in the trough
of the sea, unable to proceed until re
pairs had been made. Several mem
bers of the crew received minor inju
ries by being thrown about the decks.
A large number of the crew of six
ty were • Mohammedans, who, expect
ing death, threw their prayer mats on
:he water-swept decks and, drenched
to the skin by the water, sangr the
Moslem death chant. -
TWO SOLDIERS WOUNDED
IN A BRAWL IN UTAH
Prlxate Hackctt and Corporal • Riley j
* Shot by a Teamster at " j
Fort Douglas.
:;ALT LAKE. Dec. 25. — Private '
H<-r:r>' Huckett and Corporal Rilcy
: ".v«?re dangerously wounded as the re
sult of a. drunken brawl which oc
curred at Fort Douglas to-day. The •
two men, who belong to the Tv.-cnty
nhjth Infantry, quarreled with Silas j
tJmith; a former Foldier, now employed '
as a t?amster at the fort. The quar
rel jcuiminated just as the men lett the
strcft cur at the fort. Smith drew a
revolver and Ehot Hackett and Riley.
Smith was placed in the military.
srnardhouse. where he made a plea of
self-defense i
» A' dream of pleasure, the netr two for)
cu&rtcr size American, {Z 75 box -». - • '
SEVEN VESSELS
ARE IN DANGER
Steamships Driven Ashore at
Point Directly in the Path
of the Yukon Ice Drift
Special Dispatch to The Ca!l
TACOMA, Dec. 25. —Seven steam
ships of the Northern Commercial Com
pany's Yukon fleet and four White
Pass freight barges lie in a perilous
position off a precipitous promontory
on the Yukon opposite Dawson with
little chance of avoiding destruction at
the spring break-up of the ice. Yukon
pilots fear that the vessels cannot be
saved, in which event there will be
serious lack of steamers between Daw
son and Fairbanks next summer. The
vessels thus endangered have already
been damaged.
Early in November they were win
tered in a slough. An unexpected
breaking of the ice drove them out of
their basin, throwing them* up against
a steep hill on the Yukon's bank north
west of Dawson. ..The steamships now
He In the path of the annual spring ice
gorge on the Yukon. -The vessels thus
imperiled are steamships Susie, Lavelle
Yung, Sarah, Louise, Rock Island,
Tanana and Oil City. The Susie, Louise
and Oil City are partly above the level
of the river. The hull of the Louise has
already been smashed in several places.
Wild Trip Ends in Wreck.
JOHNSTOWN. Pa., Dec. 25. — As a
result of the wild trip of a locomo
tive of the Cambria Steel Company
and its collision with an ore handling
crane to-day, both engines and the
crane are almost total wrecks. The
property loss amounts to $40,000. No
one was injured.
ADVERTISE3IEyTS. ' ■ : ■ •
Closed Closed |
n01Ju3V HoIldflV 6
And in your New Year gifts especially should you give the gifts that last. J
We have great Easy Chairs that you can buy for your parents, and have them |
go down to your own great grandchildren in good condition. And such things |
cost no more than the poor, useless offerings that will be worn out or lost with i
the year. And remember we are still singing the sam3 old song : A DOLLAR |
OR TWO DEPOSIT \VILL DO— BALANCE IM NINETEEN tlVE. I
mirror; this . .all woods,' -, CHATJTAUOUA DESKS. r * of :I
' ■ one co Id en $10.00^ up; ; , golden oak,., for -home or ; of- S
,„,,., - onegoiaen, this one flee. vJust the thing -for '-the -|
KOEEIS CHAIRS, of all kinds, from oak— . . : student.-" • • |
.mt~ $20.00 SsOTJ l$23.50| $11,50 1 1
Down Comes the 'Prices on - Rugs . and Cushions Mm
$6x»o RUGS, r,f gray, white* bro\s:ii and black- two- vj.oo CUSHIONS/ Oriental designs. 24x24 in.;'floss% 1
color '. "combination, long hairT bearskin --%2 HC filled, covers. are hand-embroidered- in 'C^CA |
rugs, 'spec'ul:'. .'. .'...;....... • ••'. • • . • • • • • ■*•'•■?" .* silkr special/. . . .'. . . . .... ?. '• . '•;. • •-'.'. ."'. i.:$&»D\J M
$3.00 RUGS, of 27x63 Oriental Axmirister, 100 pat- ! POSTER' CUSHIONS—^A^very .choice^'assdrtnientjr I
terns* to choose from, a bargain at, tf'jncv of- Poster : Cushions* over'a^dozen sub- ;V|;
special • • '• • • ....••• ••■•• *PC»CiD " jeets to - choose from, $2.00 lvalues .*. . . S; ""JJ l»p\J 1 1
Sixkj" RUGS, Smyrna single door reversible rug,* ; a\ •. $1-75 "-■■ ; -CUSHl6NS, \; with" /.:;tapcstry.|
very comprehensive showing, and • marked^CC/* : covers, cushions 'floss .filled, size, 20x20; m -» <: QCrt I
• to. special. .... .-. .....^.. .. • • ........... /V.'yJw/: $i-5O ■and-Si.75 'values'-. /. .. .'.vr. > V... .. ... vyy ''.J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAEL. MONDAY, DECEMBER 26. 1904.
FIRE CLAIMS
FOUR VICTIMS
Men Suffocated in Boom in
Philadelphia After They
Had Blocked the Doorway
MAKE OWN DEATH TRAP
Spend a Convivial Christmas
Eve and Are Unable to
Escape From the Smoke
PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 25. — £eur
men were "suffocated and eight other
persons were rescued from fire in dif
ferent parts of the city early to-day.
At a boarding-house at 150 Wood
street Charles McCusker. aged 44 years;
Jamf>s Merry. 48 years, and George Me
Millin, 24 years, died in a trap made by
themselves. Against the wishes of
their boarding-house keeper, .the three
men took a quantity of whisky to their,
room. They placed one of the two beds
of their apartment against the door to
prevent interference by the landlady.
After the men had retired a lighted
candle fell from a mantel on to some
greasy working clc-thes. The clothing
was ignited and the room was soon
filled with thick smoke. ,
McMillin was awakened by the
smoke, but was unable to move the
bed from the door and fell to the floor
unconscious. The bc-arding-house keep-,
er discovered the- smoke, and when the
room was broken into McCusker and
Merry were found dead. McMillin died
soon after being removed to a hospital.
At 1136 Fairmount avenue Edward
Rathtine, aged 25 years, and believed to
be a resident of New Jersey, was suffo
cated. It is believed he set the bed
clothes on fire with a lighted cigar, and
in trying to leave the room crawled
into a closet, where he was found dead.
SHOOTING AFFRAYS MAR
CHRISTMAS DAY IX NORTH
Pu£Ct Sound' Country Scene of One
Murder and Two Attempts
to Sin y.
TACOMA, Dec. 25. — The Christmas
season on the Puget Sound was
marred by one murder and two at
tempted murders.
Near Chehalis yesterday Thomas
Brown, aged 17. killed his father be
cause the latter had threatened to
take his life during a. dispute over a
load of hay. Scott Hevlri, a rancher,
living near Everett, tried to kill his
wife at the home of H. C. Brower.
Ten days ago Hevlri and ' his wife
quarreled, following which she went to
Brower's. Hevlri followed her yester
day for the supposed purpose of ef
fecting a reconciliation. As dinner
was concluded Hevlri drew a revolver
from his hip pocket and shot his wife,
inflicting a* serious wound. Brower
and his wife overcame Hevlri, bound
him and sent for an officer.
Near Seattle W. L. McDevitt and his
wife quarreled over the sale of their
furniture. When she refused to agree
to the sale McDevitt struck her with a
revolver. Later he shot her, the bul
let lodging in the woman's right leg
below the knee.
STATE LOANS TO HELP
THE RUSSL\N PEASANTS
System About to Be Instituted by
Which They Can Purcahse
Lands.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 25. — The
special commission appointed in 1902
to provide for the betterment of the
condition of rural enterprises and the
general revision of the peasant laws,
of which President of the Ministerial
Council Witte is chairman, has decided
in favor of the extension of the system
of state loans by the Agricultural
Bank to landowners, especially, peas
ants and commoners, for the purchase
and improvement of additional lands.
The Emperor has formally approved
the recommendations.
BEARS WARRANT
FOR CHADWICK
Cleveland Sheriff Leaves
for New York to Arrest
Doctor on Ocean Liner
WIFE'S TEARFUL PLEA
Queen of "Frenzied Finan
ciers" Asserts That Her
Husband Is Guiltless
CLEVELAND, Dec. 25.— Sheriff Bar-
left for Albany and New York to-
Viay, carrying with 1 him the papers for
the arrest of Dr. Leroy S. Chadwick,
who is exoected to land at New York
from the . steamship Pretoria on
".Wednesday.
This afternoon Mrs. Chadwick
showed unusual nervousness. ' She
finally sent for the Sheriff, with the
statement that she wanted to talk over
the trip to New York and the impend
ing arrest of her husbana. The Sheriff
spent almost an hour with the woman
in her cell, during which time she wept
convulsively. .
"I know you will treat my husband
as kindly as possible, under the circum
stances, but please remember that he
is innocent qf any wrong-doing," said
Mrs. Chadwick as the Sheriff entered
the jail. ' ;
During tree hour that the Sheriff was
talking with Mrs. Chadwick she' re
peatedly asked him, to be kind to Dr.
Chadwick. The woman said it was an
awful mistake- . .- ; . ' '
"This is the worst thing that has
happened during all the trouble of the
last few weeks,". said Mrs. Chadwick.
"I never thought my husband would be
dragged into this affair. It is so un
just, for if ever an honest man lived it
is my husband."
Mrs. Chadwick asked the^ Sheriff^ to
tell her in detail of all of his plans.
Several times she referred to the doc
tor's daughter' b>\ a former wife, who
is returning with, Dr. Chadwick to this
country. The woman especially asked
the Sheriff to do everything possible
to make- the situation easy for the
young girl. ■ ' • *" V
"Remember all I have told you,"
called Mrs. Chadwick, as Sheriff Bar
ry was leaving. "This is terrible. But
there is one satisfaction— I will see my
husband soon." '■-*' ".
SANTA FE PLANS LINE
TO NEW MINING CAMP
Branch From Main Road of Company
Will Be Built to Searchlight
in Nevada. ;
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 25.— Frank J.
Share, general manager, of the Pom
peii Mining Company at Searchlight,
Nev.. who is here for the Christmas
holidays, says:
Searchlight is to-day one of the
very best mining camps in the South
west, although it . is only about five
years old. The Santa Fe engineers
have surveyed a line for an extension
of the railroad to the camp and we
anticipate having direct rail communi
cation before long. The camp is now
eighteen miles' from the Santa Fe and
twenty-five miles from the Salt Lake.
. Searchlight is now, ;a. non-union camp
and the. open .shop policy prevails
everywhere." There are a few mem
bers of the union left, but they work
as the employers say or quit.. The la
bor troubles" at the camp have. all been
settled.' . .' . . .
DESPONDENT MAN HANGS
HIMSELF IN SOX'S BARN
Recent Arrival From Nebraska, a Ger
man, Takes His Life in
. ' f . San Dle^o.
SAN DIEGO, Dec. 25.— Ralph Hil
lers, a native of Germany, committed
suicide to-day by hanging himself in
his son*s barn on University avenue.
The deceased was .66 years of age and
came to this city from Nebraska a few
months ago. . He had shown signs of
despondency of late. ' .
.' n '_> ;: AD\TE3tTISEMEyTS.
I Our The Greatest
1 Great = iSli
Ahmia * Smallest
Clearance _ prices
...dale... Ever Seen
S Commences ...IN...
To-Morrow - SanFrancisco
I ...AT... Look out for our adver-
I tisement in to-morrow's
I 9:30a.m. paper.. .....
I The Golden Gate Cloak and Suit House
I 1230-1232-1234 t MARKET ST., Near Jones St.
I = OKJL/\ 1 ~r =====
■ C2 <
I BEGINS TO-MORROW AT 9:30 A. M.
I $80,000 Worth of
I Tailor Suits, jackets,
I Skirts, Waists, Etc.
I WILL BE SOLD
1 At 25c and 35c oi\ the Dollar
I (Watch To-Morrow's Papers)
I 1142-1146 Market Street
OCEAX TRAVEL.
_^ifi""gS^^ Steamers of company, or
yiyfjS-SCDv for which it is agent, leave
P' ers a ani * 1^» an *" ra n-
I / \«jS\ | I t" or Ketchlkan. V.'rancel,
I I \bMQJ / Juneauv Treadwell. Halnr?.
\«*\. \\ TCtJ Skagtiay. etc., Alarka— 11 «.
■ V5isi_iL^»y>' m -- Dec - "8, 31, Jan. 5.
NfijiCptoy/ Charge to till* company's
rteamers at Seattle.
Fit Victoria. Vancouver, . Port Townsend,
Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. South Belllngham.
Bellir.Rliaro— 11 a. m.. Dec. 2t5. 31, Jan. S.
Change at Seattle to this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: Bt Seattle cr Ta-
coma to X. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. K>\ \
For Kureks (Humboldt Bay)— Pomona. 1 :S0
p. m., Dec. 24. 30, Jan. 5. Corona. 1:30 p. m..
V*<>. 27. Jan. 2.
. Fcr; l>is Angeles (vl» Port Los Angeles and I
nertondo)! San DIjro and Santa Barbara — !
Santa Rosa. Sundays. A a. m.
. State of California. Thursdays. D a. m. I
Fcr Los Anireles <vla San Pedro and East I
San Pedro). Santa Barbara, Santa Cruz. Man-
ten-y, fan Shnccn. CajTicos. Port Harford (San I
Luis dbisr-o). Ventura and Hueneme. |
Bcnitn. f> a. m.. Dec. 2U. Jan. 2.
. Coos Bay. 0 a. m., De<\ 20. Jan. fi. '
For En»enada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose riel
Cabo, r.tHzaMnn. Altnta. La Ptz. fianta Rosalia,
Guaymns- <Mex.). 10 m.. 7th "«f each month.
. For further. Information obtain foliler. Right
is rfl*?rv<*l to changp sieam< r« or sailing dates.
TICKET OFFICES— 4 New Mon'irom-
cry bt. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market *t.. and Broad-
way wlvrvfS. FreirhtOfnee 10 Mark«*t st. I
.' C. D. v DUNANN. General Passenger Agent. J
- •-••■ : 10 Market tit.. San Francisco, j
■ I The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Suttar »t.. will !
fnH-.for and check baggage from hotels and
MRlilenetfs. Telephtnc Exchsngo .112.
1 .-'.'"■' x ' • * , I
S. S..ALAMEDA. for Honolulu, Dec. 31, 11 am
S. R. M-VRIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec.':U, H a. m.
S. S. SIEFRA. for Honolulu, Samoa. Auckland
" and £ytfney, Tliur3., Jan. 12,. 10C3, 2 p. m.
j.r.JIEICKELSiBROj. W.. Ajl-.,!lClJtO£C)5li !l>
let. : .',i RitM iffic3^27 Hmn sl. iisr 7. naii »:
COYPAQSIE OESERVLE TB1N3ATL 1HTIQITB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
•:• Sailin* -evrry Thursday instead oi 4 s i\\t I
f Saturday, at 10 a/ rn., from Pier 42. i
.' .Ncrth. River, foot of Morten st. ;
First class to Havre. . $70 and upward. Sec-
'.onJ- C\tiv% to Havre; $45 and upwarM. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA; 32 Broadway (Hudson- building), j
New York. J. F. FUGAZIi CO.. Pacific Coast |
; Agents,' o Montgomery avenue. San Francises. ) 1
Tlcket»'s6lil by all Railrcad Ticket Agent*. j
>" For ; IT. S. Havy Yard and Vallejo. j
"*•* Sti's. general Frigbls. Monticello and Arrow. I
t>;45 a. m.: 12:.{0 p. m.. 3:15 p. m.. 6 p. tn.. 8:3o |
p. m^iSundays. 9:45 a. m.. 12:30 nocn. « p. m..
•S-30 p. m: Leave Vallejo. 7 a.m.. 0 a.m., 12:30
'u m. v 8:15 p. m. <*5:45 p. m. Saturday). B p. m,
thindays. 7 a. ra.. ••• a.m.. 3:2o p.m.. 0 p.m. Pier
' if,- foot ■Mission at.; phone Main IOCS. HATCH
..TJROS. ~.'>. -
f : For'lj: S. Navy Yard and Vallejo. j
, StmrV'H. J. CORCORAN leaves -north end
Kerry bWc,- foot of Clay at.. 10 a. m.. 5:30 !
■W nj.*:--Suni£>". 1° *• m - s P- m.. Leave
Aden's. wharf, 7:15 a. m., 2.30 p. m. ;
!iun<1ay«, 7:15 a. m.. 5 p. m. Fare 25c each way.
P1PEK. ADEN. GOODALL CO. ; '
fpHWEEKLY CALL
| ■■.•*---' j5Jl jp©r Year. . )
AMUSK3IEXTS.
ALCAZAR^S^r
G*u*ral Manager.
HOLIDAY MATIMEE TO DAY,
AND A1A* THIS WEEK.
Magnificent Production of Rtohard Man«fleld # « '
Versron of the Dellsbtful Romantic Play.
OLD HEIDELBERG
The Quaint German- Student Songs by a
Tr'rle Male Quartet.
NO ADVANCE IX PP.ICE3!
TEI.BORAM FROM THE OWNERS.
New York. Dec. 20.— Belasco & Mayer: You |
have rights Old Heidelberg San Franrlsco. ;
Any other announcements unauthorized. WWk-
ln^ yDU all success.
(Siened) SHl'BTCRT BROS. j
Com. Next Mon. Mat— LOST RIVER.* |
Market Street, near Eighth. Phone South KU5.
SPECIAL MATINEE TO-DAT.
.TO-NIGHT. ALL THIS WEEK.
'Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
One of tUe f Greatest Sensations Ever Seen
f . O-.» a Stacc.
THE HEART OF CHICAGO
A melodramn full of h»art-stirrlnk emotlrn?
and -thrills.* ---.The, full-sizfd locomotive. The
draw bridge. . The burning of Chicago. The
murtier on carden.
PRICES-^-Evs:, ICc to 5Cc. Mats.. 10c. 10c. 23c-
* Next— CHILD SLAVES OF NEW YORK.
GMPSKI
TUES. /HD THUR5, bYE\. JAN. 3-3.
- SATUEDA7 MAT, JA2T. 7
AtALHAMBRATH E AT£ R
£e3son Opens To Morrow (Tues.)
• ', -'At 0 o'clock t. m.
Prlcr?« ("Ttirfe" Concerts), *4.5O $3.50. f2.8O.
Sintlifc.Cqncer:*. J2. ?l..W..!l'; Ready Frl.
i SPfcCIAL."' CONCERT"' ST. * FRANCIS
'MUSICA I. /ART' SOCIETY WEDNESDAY
EVEXING NEXT AT 0 O'CLOCK. ST.
FRANCIS HOTEL.--: SEATS $^.50.
Bo* Office Sherman. Clay & Co.*«u ivhsrs
. comnletn . Protrammes , may b* obtained.
FKCHER'S THEATER
- TONY -■ LUBELSKI. General Manager. •
, - GRAND HOLIDAY BILL.
TEN.HIOH-CLASS VAUDEVILLE ACTS.
ICc and "20c. -/.'.;/..._ Children. 10c
After'nooiii'at'.Stio.' Eveninrs at 7:30 and ».
CONTINUOUS . Performances Sat.. San. and
• HpUdaj«fro«i 2 to 5 and 7 to 11 p. m.
New. ■ Beautiful Movinc • Pictures.
! AMTSEMKNTS.
TO-NIGHT
DAVID BELASCO Presents
BLANCHE BATES
THEMRUHGltltlGIIDS
A Pram?, of Old Japan
By DAVID BELA3CO and JOHN
\ LL'THER LONG.
342 TIMES
At Belasco Theater. New Tork City.
145 TIMES
During World's Fair, tn St. Louis.
Snpr*inl* '-•'•*■'"« to tb« lnioiense pro-
oucwai. auction the curtain will
rlss «harply at
3 O'CLOCK
MATINKE SATCHDAT.
Not* — Out-of-tcrwn mall orders win
b« promptly attended to In th» *«n1<»r
received when accompanied by remit-
tance. Stamped envelope must b« In-
closed for reply. Address all com-
munications to H. H. Campbell, treaa-
ur«r. Grand Opera-house.
tf^AI IIBlADHA sm f&sciscgs
(#ULUiV3dI A mm mtf
•THEnES A CHERRY IX IT."
Two Weeks Berlnninr j
TO-NIGHT
Special Holiday Matinee Next Monday.
SiL-iaz*
Offer3 th« H B m S f«
musical JL M X&m^
satira
SULTAN
OF
SULU
By GEORGE ADE.
Author of ""The Cour.ty Chairraan," "Ths Sh»
Gun."* '"PecKy From Paris." and "Th« Col-
- lese Widow."
OPQWjI^Dil HOUSE
The Holiday Attraction
Will Hi the Tivoli'v
Famous Opera Success
KINO
DODO
SPECIAL TO-SAT
CHRISTMAS satS^t
HOLIDAY at 2
MATIMPPt HEW TEAK'S
Grand Transformation Scene.
"A Chilli's Dream of Ohrlrtmas."
A Beautiful Holiday Story Told in
Four Enchantinr Tablraox With:
SANTA CX-ATJS
AHD A CHBISTSIAS TME.
/ SPECIAI. MAT1ITEE TO-SAT.
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW
Mclntyrc and Heatb; Spnurdy's Btar»
and Ponies; Grace Palotta, and ta*
roar Mllliaery Maids; Tia X^tonaa;
Clarice Vance ; Smixl asd Kessner;
Probat the Great; Albertlna Malich and
Orphenm Motion Flctnxe*.
Regular Matinees every Wetlnssday. Thura-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — ICc, 2.*>c and Me.
j CALIFORNIA^
I MATINEE TO-DAT. gt
James A. Heru'i Greatest of all H
American Pastoral Comedies, H
SHORE ACRES 1
With its wealth of Christmas cheer— B
Its real turkey dinner— its famous light- 2
house scene and the sailing or th« ■
"Llddy Ann" — Most realistic marina 9
_ scene ever depicted on the stase. and 5
H its powerful cast or the orlzinal favor. 9
[i itrs. lucludin: James A. Galloway. At- m
M kins Lawrence, Belle Theadcre. H. P. f
y Wh'itttmore, James Burrows, Herbert I
y FUnturg and others. n
O Buy your seats early for New Tear's I
' H • ' se;:t- -ton tonson." *3
H. W. BISHOP, Lessee and Manager.
AT TO-DAYV T ri\rwE E ii MATINEE
Hojt's Famous Farce Comedy.
A CONTENTED WOMAN
.la TThich Oliver Morosco Offers
HOWARD GOULD AND J. H. GILMOCR
And the Majestic Players, with OZA . WAl>
DUOP in the cast.
Next — By prior ''authorization, the Richard
Mansfield version of
OLD HEIDELBERG.
Every Afternoon and rvtniasr in tlie
Heated Tncatcr. Bain cr S^iac.
PRINCESS~FAN TAN
SCORES OF SPECIALTIES!
SCO PERFORMERS! \
A BIO SHOW BT UVl'LE PEO?LE.
CHRISTMAS TREE Tht* Afternoon. With %
Gift lor Every ChlM Visiting th* Chutes. .
AMATEIR NIGHT and
ELECTRIC FOUNTAIN THURSDAY,
i Xo Increase in Prices.
| ADMISSION. ICc. CHILDREN. J>c
;Bam!'.jjfe Bating!
j Hew J&JT Jockey
; California y^ • Clot)
> OAK3UAKD TEACK.
Tacins every week day. rain «r shine.
Races start at 2:13 p. tn. aharj.
CEBS'-XA. HiHiICA*. I3»J AM»i. to 5« Sis
JtQiiQir. D»«mVr 23-
Fcr rpecial trains stopping at tha track tak*
s r Ferry, foot of "Market street, at i::(rt.
i-i-SO 1-W> 1:30 or 2:CV. Returning trains
le'a've'th*" track at 4:10 and 4:i5 p. in. and !.-n-
medlatdy »»ter the last race. *■*■«
THOMAS H. W1LUAM3. PneMeM.
PERCT W. TKEAT. Secretary. "
56
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
9OHK D. SPRECKEXS * Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN McNAUGHT . Manager
PUBLICATION- OmCB - THIBD AND MARKET STREETS, SAN FRANCISCO
MONDAY -. — DECEMBER 26, 1904
EXCELLENT HOLIDAY CONDITIONS.
T AST week was not a very interesting one in trade. The holiday
J observances cut into business by reducing the attendance on the
exchanges and curtailing the wholesale and jobbing movement.
Christmas week is never very brisk in a wholesale way, as it is
given over almost exclusively'to the retailers. • ' • ,"'-/■;
The holiday demand was expected to be good, but it has ex
ceeded expectations, taking the country as a whole. The liberal
Christmas purchases of the general public testify to the continued
prosperity of the nation. Prices for luxuries were higher than the
normal, but the public purchased just the same, and the bargain
counters were not as conspicuous as they used to be.
The staples showed no changes worthy of especial comment.
Wool was strong, with the raw product well cleaned up and in good
demand, and it is said that one-third of the 1905 clip has already
been «old in advance. The market for hides and leather continues in
good condition, the demand being still active and prices steady as
a rule. Iron and steel continue to send in excellent reports, which
indicate that the movement in both continues to expand, while both
crude and finished products show an advancing tendency.
Provisions show no particular change, but it is noticeable that
while the Western packers express themselves as opposed to much
of an advance at present they support the market on any marked
recessions. Lumber is steady and building operations continue
active. Railway traffic returns are favorable and ( show a steady in
crease, those thus far in December being 7.6 per cent above those
of the corresponding period last year. The foreign commerce exhibit
is also satisfactory, the returns for the port of New York showing
increased exports and imports over 1903.
The general distributive trade of the country, as indicated by
the bank clearings, shows a gain over last year of 29.2 per cent, and
of the first twenty-five cities on the list New Orleans is the only one
exhibiting a decrease. But this is probably due to the fluctuation
in cotton dealings there and hence does not really indicate any de
crease in actual 'business.' The failures for the week were 249,
against 239 for the corresponding week last year.
The feeling of optimism in Wall street will not down. All
financial interests express complete confidence in another lively year,
and while there is a bear element, as is always the case, it is in a
hopeless minority. All attempts to permanently break the stock
market signally fail. If the market breaks it immediately rallies,
showing the general feeling of confidence pervading the investing
interests.
The leading factors at present are the phenomenal abundance
of money, the excellent demand for all standard securities and the
promising business outlook. The large demand for bonds is illus
trated by the recent heavy offerings of new issues, which have
reached a total of about $200,000,000 in New York during the past
two months. The most important of these are the $30,000,000 in
Japanese bonds, S25.000.000 in New York bonds, $25,000,000 Rock
Inland. S40.000.000 Mexican and a number of smaller issues. In ad
dition the Atchison and Missouri Pacific each proposes an issue of
S50.000.000 in the near future. These railway issues are rendered
necessary by the current heavy demands upon the leading lines for
freight and passenger transportation, which is convincing testimony
to the current increase in railroad business. If trade were dull there
would be no such expansion in railroad traffic.
As mentioned last week the only reports of quietness in trade
come from some parts of the Pacific Coast ahd"the South. This is
explainable in our case by the fact that pretty much of our 1904
production has already passed out of first hands and been shipped
East and abroad, hence the condition is notreally adverse. Even as
it is our coast business has been increasing for the past six months,
as already pointed out, and the final returns for the year will prob
ably show that 1904 was a bettftr year even than 1903, excellent as
the latter was.
The rains of last week have dispelled any apprehensions as to the
condition of the crops, which at present promise an abundant pro
duction in 1905. As we are almost wholly dependent upon our crops
for our prosperity it will thus be seen that we are still in an era of
good times.
THE REGULATION OF FREIGHT RATES.
United States Steel Corporation has openly defied the
I power of the Interstate Commerce Commission by issuing a
circular order to all its constituent companies advising them to
ignore the recent ruling of the commission on the illegality of rate
division with industrial roads. To the end that by failing revenues
all the railroads may be forced to accede to the steel corporation's
demands, that organization has already announced its determination
to throw over to the lines of the only Western railroad refusing to
discontinue the illegal practice, the Wisconsin Central, all the pos
sible tonnage which can be routed over its system. In that way the
steel trust hopes to force the remaining railroads to a continuance of
practices which have fallen under the ban of the Interstate Com
merce Commission..
An interesting situation is thus developed by the action of the
United States Steel Corporation, and one which forces immediate
action if legislative attempts to nullify discrimination by the rail
roads in the matter of freight charges are to have" any measure of
success. In its recent report to Congress the commission calls at
tention to the fact that under the existing order the commission may
find that a rate complained against is in truth unreasonable, and it
may order the carrier to desist from charging that rate in the future,
but it cannot, by reason of the limitations of its powers, find and
order the reasonable rate to be substituted for the one adjudged ex
.cessive. As it is. any reduction from the original rate made by a
railroad at the behest of the commission, insufficient though it may
be. is in effect a technical compliance with the commission's orders
and frees the carrier from further legal obligation. Carriers may ig
nore the commission's orders altogether and await a trial of the
issue in a Circuit Court upon the initiative of that body. "
"The most important legislative act now needed," says Presi
dent Roosevelt in his last message to Congress, "as regards the regu
lation of corporations, is this act (the one recommended by the com
mission) to confer on the Interstate Commerce Commission the
power to revise rates and regulations, the revised rate to go at once
into effect and stay in effect unless and until the court of review re
verses it.'' Against this advised* legislative measure the corpora
tions make strenuous objection that the concentration of authority
such as that sought into the hands of five men would be dangerous to
their every interest, besides being an unwarranted usurpation of leg
islative authoritv.
The Federal regulation of interstate rates for common carriers
is not designed, however, to partake of a legislative or an execu
tive character. The proposed amendatory measures provide for a
complaint, a full hearing, a report and opinion, and an order — a pro
ceeding which is essentially judicial in character and effect. The
amendment sought by the commission but places a confirmation by
subsequent legislative action upon the powers given that body in
its corporative act of 1887. Thes*e powers were exercised in the
spirit of the law creating the commission until the Supreme Cotfvt
decreed in May. 1897, that no authorization for such prerogatives
•was embodied in the original creative act. ,
Gold is reported to have been discovered in Ireland, but if this is so th»
case of Ireland is more hopeless than before. With gold there, England
•aill never let Ireland go. — Chicago Record-Herald. .
The construction of. interurban electric railways in the Southern states In
one of the best Indications of progress. The South is going to surprise even
its most ardent admirers by its quick development.— St. Louis Republic.
Bulgaria 1b having trouble in floating a loan of (8,000,000. Bulgaria ought
to hire Mr*. Chadwick. — Washington Post.'
THE SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL. MONDAY/ DECEMBER 2<v 1904.
CONNECTION BETWEEN
LOVE AND FOOD AN
INTERESTING STUDY
By Dorothy Feotmore
THE close connection between
man's love and food is worthy of
R university monograph by a
specialist in domestic scence. Such a
work, if couched in noble language,
might revolutionize the higher educa
tion of woman by furnishing college
girls with mental pabulum' suited at
once to their intellectual needs and
their feminine aspirations.
To-day man is either less ethereal
or more ingenuous than Shakespeare
was, or Milton; he does not look upon
music or smiles as adequate food for
the affections. Dickens showed deep
insight it-.to the nature of his sex when
he made chops and tomato sauce an
important argument in a breach of
promise suit. And Dr. Andrew Wilson
exploded one favorite illusion of
youthful lovers about the cheap sim
plicity of love's dietary by declaring
that bread and cheese, while a good
enough meal for a farm laborer, would
prove indigestible to a city man. He
does not even hint that a modicum of
kisses would do the service of pepsin.
Good coking, it is generally agreed,
is the logical basis of domestic hap
piness 'Tis the married man's crite
rion of wifely ability. It is the bache
lor's dream of a happy home. The
easy chair and. a pair of slippers at a
cheerful fireside are out of date as a
lover's inspiration. The gas stove ha<»
come into fashion in their place. Nor
can the mandolin and light guitar
compare with the chafing dish as mys
tic spells to lure the masculine fancy.
No longer do women, like sirens on
the rock.", attract the heart of man by
songs. Like Hebe, rather, they charm
Olympus by the more substantial
magic of nectar and ambrosia.
Even women's clubs have taken the
matter up. In solmen convocation not
vf-ry long ago the Social Economics
Club of Illinois gave the cook stove
the place o.f honor among the three
essentials of a home. And an asso^
elation of young society ladies has
been formed in a fashionable suburb
of Philadelphia to learn the double
art of winning a husband and retain
ing his affections. ; "Feed him substan
tially" is the motto which they are
embroidering in golden thread on the
perforated cardboard of their maiden
dream?, with a view of using this wis
dom as a household adornment, just as
belore them their grandmothers
framed "Home, Sweet Home," to hang
over the mantelpiece.
Hetty Green, who has the reputation
of possessing the wisdom of the ser
pent, puts upon the poor housekeep
ing of the American woman full blame
for the prevalance of divorce. If she
is right — and. since I would not dare
to contradict her to her determined
face, I will not do so behind her equal
ly determined back — if our girls were
taught how to cook, the number of di
vorces In the United States, which the
last census estimated as 51,538, would
be. noticeably decreased. Possibly,
with this reform in the education of
American women, the bald-headed
eagle would in time come to be the
symbol of domestic as well as national
unity. m
Man's position in regard to the rela
tive importance of love and food is
not different to-day from what It was
in earlier eras. King Soloman's cry
was: "Stay me with flagons, comfort
me with apples, for I am sick of love."
Wordsworth put into gastronimic
terms his description of a feminine
phantom ot delight —
'■A creaf-Ve not too brlrht and rood
For human nature's dully food.
Some of you may remember Lord
Cholmondeley's lovesick wail of woe,
as it sounded to the lips of Sothern:
"Cahn't eat, cahn't sleep, cahn't
smoke." Certainly Owen Meredith,
that Myrtle Reed of a former genera
tion, was right in declaring that the
great imperative masculine nee<f is—
food.
MR. CHADWICK'S CHECK
A man went to Bellevue Hospital last
\seek and announced thai he wanted
to see Acting- Superintendent Rickard
in a hurry on business. Y> hen he was
ushered into Mr. Rickard's private of
hee he exclaimed:
"Want any money?"
"Not Just now," said Rickard. "I've
just had my salary raised."
Then the visitor leaned way over and
whispered: "I'm Mr. Chadwick.
You've probably heard about my wife.
Here's a little something to tide you
over the winter."
Superintendent Rickard accepted a
piece of paper the man offered him and
found that ijrwas a check for $2,000,000,
000 on the Fifth National Bank, at
Twenty-third street and Third avenue.
He didn't lose any time in calling to a
policeman to escort the man over to
the psychopathic ward.
There the man was positive that hi?
name was Chadwick, until the doctors
rr.ade him own up that he was Rudolph
1-ung, a butcher of 553 East One Hun
dred and Thirty-sixth street.— New-
York Sun.
THE, GRIP.
What ii«.it fills the heart with woe
And makes the "spirits sink so low.
And causes tears to freely flow?
The grip.
What is it nils the soul with dread
And makes the nose and eyes grow. red
And makes a man, wish he were, dead?
. . The grip.
What is It gives a man the chilln.
And calls for powders and for pills
And runs up mighty doctors' bills?
The grip.
What i* it curls a person's hair.
And tills his think tank with despair
And makes a saint desire to swear?
The grip.
What makes the people sadly moan
And mope and mumble, grunt and groan
The worst the world has ever known?
The: grip.
_\-— Chicago Chronicle.
London Gets 23,000 Sealskins.
The number of sealskins' deliverable
in the London market ' this iyear is
about 23,000, made up as follows:
Victoria 11 1400, Japan 7000, 'Falkland
Islands, etc., 4600. :
CHARMS OF BLONDE
DAUGHTER OF CHILE
CAPTIVATE CAPITAL
sknojuta -yvalkkr-martinez.
the belle of the season at
washington.
THE diplomatic corps boasts this
winter of the most beautiful
young woman who has figured in
Washington soctety for a decade, says
the Philadelphia North American.
This is the Senorita Elisa Walker-
Martinez, daughter of the Chilaan Min
ister, who made her social bow a- few
days ago.
This senorita is almost a pure blonde
—a rare characteristic among her
countrywomen. She possesses an ex
quisite figure, though only just 18.
l#ast winter, while her father was
seiving in the City of Mexico, she saw
scmething of social life- She is Already
ihe acknowledged, belle In the exclu
sive diplomatic coterie. )
In addition to being the beautv of
ihe season. Senorita Martinez is a
clever linguist and a musician of un
usual attainments.
GROOM TOO OLD FOR HER
A man of 40 and and a woman of
IS called several days ago on the Rev.
A. R. Wescott, pastor of the Baptist
church at P.rewster, ,N. Y. They we're
from Waterb'ury . and . wanted to get
married. After the usual' questions as
to age, etc.. the clergyman directed
them to stand up/ Then he opened his
book and began to read:
"Wo are assembled here in the pres
ence of God and — "
' Here the young woman broke In
with: "You may stop right there for
a minute, parson. I want to see you
in the hall."
Following the young woman to the
hall the clergyman heard:
- "Parson, don't you think that fellow
a little too old for me?"
/ "Oh, I don't know," replied Mr. West
cott. "Forty is a long way from IS,
but—"
"Well, never mind," broke in the girl,
"you needn't go any farther with this.
Just call it off."
The couple departed.
ADVICE TO YOUNG MEN.
We hear much about forging to the
front, taking time by the forelock,
seizing the bull by the horns,, and the
like, and also that the man wilh the
tail-hold is entirely ignored. Nine men
out of ten wisely follow, and succeed,
where one docs who charges around at
the front all the time. If you miss the
forelock, seize the tail. It is the hang
ing on more than the particular hold
that counts. The man will go Just as
fatt and nearly as far who has hold
of the tail as the one hanging onto the
horn; besides, he can hold on better,
and is in less danger. Young man,
don't be too anxious to get rapidly to
the front, but hang on to what you
have, and you will get ahead in the
world just as fast as you deserve.—
Scdgwick (Kan."> Pantograph.
WIDOW MORIARTY'S GOAT
The Widow Moriarty erf Melrose until
Thursday had a pet goat, which was
the idol of her heart, says the Susque
hanna, Pa., correspondent of the New
York World. ' She had nothing else
upon which to lavish her great wealth
of affection. When asked by her
neighbors why she didn't marry, the
widow would invariably reply; "Sure,
an* Billy' is company enough, and he
don't smoke or drink, nor swear, and
he don't stay out nights."
; And the aromatic goat appeared to
enjoy the, affection, showered upon
him, and as he ambled along the Jef
ferson branch tracks, picking up" stray
door, scrapers, railroad, spikes and
couch springs, no happier animal
could be found. In an evil, moment
he found, a railroad torpedo and swal^
lowed v Iti At supper time he came
home, and seeing a lace curtain up"on
a line, ate it for dessert.'
Mrs. Moriarty ran into the yard,
and seeing only the. end, of the curtain
in '-sight, •; threw a milking stool ; , at
Billy, "hitting him squarely in the
side, when . the : torpedo: exploded 'and
Immediately- the air" wa» filled "with
smoke, widow, goat, curtain and iron
ware. The widow was' thrown over a
fence.'more scared than injured.
They, could find but a few straggling
pieces of the goat, the whiskers,* the
toes of the left hind : foot.. The "widow
placed •; them ; ih a "herring 'box;, and
buried them beneath a gooseberry
bush?lfiSBHHHKBHBB9fi39§Hftfl
The more ciphers attached to the
widow's triite the 1 more • men r sigh'; for .it.
TEXAS COURT WILL
DECIDE THE YALUE
OF THE APPENDIX
HJ TOW now! What Is the value
I — I In the cold coin of the realm
A a of the vermiform appendix?
The courts must determine,"
j said the man. "and thereby hangs a
j tale of scientific meddling^ which may
i impose, in the end, a heavy penalty on
j men who have been trying to overthrow
I the old order of things. Out in Texas
! a suit has been instituted against a
j physician who operated for appendi
! citis-. The patient lost his vermiform
appendix in the operation and. recov
eripg. now alleges that he never had
'appendicitis; that the operation was
i unnecessary.' in fact, a surgical blon
der, and in a suit for damages seeks to
recover $900. which he fixed as the value
of tht aforesaid appendix. Was it
worth that amount? What is the value
of the vermiform appendix? These
questions must be answered by the
court in which the suit has been!
.brought, and no doubt the world will
be vastly enlightened by this judicial
inquiry. Up to recent years we never ;
knew we had a vermiform appendix. \
It was one of those curious things the
existence of 'which nature had care
fully concealed from' us until some
meddling scientist came alone: and |
save the thing away. Since that unholy !
hour we have been sorely troubled by j
the newly discovered member, «.nd we ;
have been paying out large, sums in j
physicians' fees and enduring an end- |
less amount of torture because we sud- ;
denly found out that we had a vermi- j
form appendix. Before we made. this,
discovery we suffered from an ailment \
which was not called by the high- \
sounding and dignified name of appen- !
dicitia. Of course, I know nothing of
the merits of the Texas case. But it .
will serve a good purpose if the inquiry I
throus more light on the function and
value of the vermiform appendix. Dif- !
ferent theories have been advanced as J
to the function of the • appendix, one i
theory being that it is merely a rudi- !
ment which was perhaps of value in
some earlier stage of man's develop- 1
mer.t, but which ts of no value to man
in his present state. The Texas Inquiry ',
should settle this and other questions ■
concerning which we are now much in
the dark."— New Orleans Times-Demo
crat.
MANNERS AT WEDDINGS
Many a* prospective bride and groom
of to-day make plans for the ap
proaching wedding with as much se
crecy as if they were stealing chick
ens, says the Syracuse Post-Standard.
They long to slip into some little
church or parsonage "around the cor
ner" and have the knot tied with no
one but the#nselves and the minister
the wiser. They await the inevitable
hour with fear and trembling. What
is the reason for this? It is* the.fore
boding spectacle of the barbarism, ex
pression in foolish, clownish pranks,
played by "humorous friends," that
will follow the ceremony. Unless the
groom is shrewd enough to outwit the
tormentors, a difficult task, the cou
ple will be certain to be. humiliated
in many ways before the eyes of
amused strangers.
HUMOR OF THE DAY.
Xot Going Up.
"That fellow over there looks like a
rising young man. But he isn't,"
"No. He's an airship inventor." —
Cleveland Plain Dealer.
Honext.
R. R. Employer— So your ancestors
were railroad men. What department
did they work?
Small Boy— The rails; they was
tramps.— Detroit Free Press.
There Are Others,
"Has your daughter any vocal abil
ity?!' queried the summer boarder.
"Nope," replied Farmer Hayseed du
biously, "but," brighteneing up, "you
just orter hear her sing!" — Houston
Post.
Forgot to Notice It'.
, Girl, With the Gibson Girl Neck-
How did you enjoy the matinee?
Girl With the Julia Marlowe Dimple
— Splendidly. I was with a box party.
Oh, while I think of it, what was the
play?— Chicago Tribune.
A I/ing- Drawn Dojr.
"Pardon me, but did you see a dachs-
"Partly on Euclid avenue and partly
on ■ Erie street."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer. . V-^>- /
JDisooiirajjijiff.
"Going with any particular girl now,
Chumpley?"
"Yes, too infernally particular. She
has refused me on an average of three
times a week since the first of Janu
ary." — Detroit Free Press.
I'armer's Luc— .
"Did you ever buy a gold brick?**
"Yes," answered Farmer jCorntossel,
"I did once;: but I 'turned right around
an* sold it at a profit before I discov
ered it wa'n't genuine." — Washington
Star.
Just Their Size.
Ensign (of the Baltic fleet)— Your ex
cellency, I. am informed that there are
dangerous rumors afloat.
■ ;. Admiral ; j (excitedly) — Where are
they? I'll tackle 'em, no matter how
dangerous they are. -I'll blow 'em out
of the water, I will!— Louisville Cou
rier-Journal. :
', Loubct and the Soldiers.
Whenever M.Loubet has decoration
to '.bestow on subalterns or privates he
insists on the generals and other supe
rior officers r remaining in tne back
ground. "You make them shy, mon
general," he says; "a little man. like
me never does."
• Time to send Townsend's Glace/Fruits
by Express. for Christmas. . •
VTownsend's California, Glace fruits in
artistic flre^etched boxes. 715 Market st.
and Wakelee's Drug Store. . . . •
■■■ . Special ,. information , supplied daily to
business - houses "■ and ■ public • meii r by the
Press Clipping Birreau (Allen's). 30 Cali
fornia street.. Telephone Main 1042"' ••.'■•
HARD LUCK.
Tramp (disgustedly)— 'Angr it all, after I've follered Mm two mile for
that cigar end I'm blest If he don't finish it on "Is penknife.— Tatler.
"THE CALL DESERVES
GREAT CREDIT."
This Is What the President of the California Club
Saus About ths Enterprise of This Paper In
Offering Rose Plants to the Public.^ ■
CALIFORNIA CLUB.
Editor The Call—
Dear Sir;
The Call certainly de
serves great credit .for its en
terprise in raising such
choice rcses and giving
them to the public.
The idea is original and
cannot fail to meet with pop
ular approval.
Truly yours,
MRS.AYLETT R. COTTON,
President California Club.
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
A smart -gown of blue zvool batiste, trimmed at the neck and
cuffs zvith Roman embroidery in black, ycllcKv and red,
and a ybke collar of heavy zvhite lace. A fringed sash of
black satin passes about the waist, dropping 'in graceful
ends at the side. > g T
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
LETTER WRITING— A Subscriber,
City. Any book dealer will furnish you
books that will instruct you how to
write congratulatory letters to friends.
RUSSIAN VERST— Subscriber. City.
A Russian verst, also ; spelled werst. is
a Russian mile equal to 3500 English
feet or about two- thirds' of an English
mile.
SNAILS— A. S. City. To get rid of
snails that have got. into a flower bed
place inverted cabbage - leaves In dif
ferent parts of the bed at night and
themext morning snails will be found
clinging to them and. they can.be de
stroyed. This should be repeated until
no more cling -to the leaves set out.
Beds surrounded by a board edging
five inches high, the same being oc
casionally coated with a paste made
of train. oil and soot, will keep snaihi
out of the bed, for It will form a bar
rier over which they will never pass.
TRESPASS— A. O. S., City. If a p«r
scn, build a henhouse on the property
of another without the consent of tha
owner • he - is liable to find himself in
trouble for trespassing, on land, in
whlch-he has' no personal interest..MJVKimSKilKNTS.^^ '^^
I vSaJb Begins *S|Si "'• !
Tuesday J1L.
Cloaks, Suits, £g^ra§\ JSl I
Skirts & Waists W%, I
. -Tnesday morning at si^LLf / I
8 130 o'clock we begin «-^ ' ■ jIt^ j/W- J I
» our great January Clear- • M> j j f* : «
ance Sale. In no case jws I f Y^. / 'C'V B
have we considered cost, jG?f\ / / i\^^J
particularly in our Jf£ r f il \ ¥%*Mi*
ready-to-wear garment f^J^y ft t K l?rj_%
department, where the ti^f/ff j A,|^
greater cuts have been NjT ■/// '■ i p\%§S*Ji
made. In connection £* i / liV^'^
j with the sale we wish to 'Cf (I - iVv
I state that we offer noth- ;^ j^^
very latest styles in the most desirable fabrics. We employ
in this department expert fitters, guaranteeing a fit in each
Regarding the prices quoted below will say that they include Tailor-
made Cloth Suits. Silk Suits and Velvet Suits.
£20.00 SUITS, reduced to (see illustration) 99.5O 1
$25.00 SUITS, reduced to $12.50 |
$32.50 SUITS, reduced to * 817.no 1
$37.50 SUITS, reduced to $21.50 S
$1500 JACKETS and TOURIST COATS, reduced to 9S.7f» H
$10.50 JACKETS and TOURIST COATS.*reduced to ?11.75 9
$400 WALKING SKIRTS, reduced to $2.S5 |
$7.30 WALKING SKIRTS, reduced to 93.9r> |
$2.50 FLANNEL WAISTS, reduced to \ 91.45 M
$.r5O FLANNEL WAISTS, reduced to $1.95 |
$6.50 SILK WAISTS, reduced to $3.75 B
Big Redactions in Coats I
Our entire stock of coat?, about 300 in all, has been reduced |j
i on an averaee of ONE-THIRD LESS than last week's orices. ||
5 ' The^e arc all hteh-erade. exclusive, up-to-date jjarments, made ■
! by the best manufacturers in the world and of the best material S
procurable. K
Prices range from $4.95 to $40.00 each. 0
After=Christmas Specials I
An opportunity to buy New Year's gifts at reduced prices. When g
the^e reductions were made cost was not taken into consideration. B
?3 00 Waist Patterns, in fancy box, now 91.95 U
S.2.00 Waist Patterns, in fancv box, now ,... 91.25 B
$1.50 Waist Patterns, in fancv box, now 1 91«OO P
$7.00 Hand Embroidered Pillows, this week L 9**.OO fl
$1.00 BattenberR Squares, linen centers, this week...... 65c ||
I 25c White Aprons, full size, this week 19c H
$.voo Fs.ns. Ostrich and Gauze, this week 91.OO p
Si. 50 L'mbrella Shawls, all wool, very large 91.OO U
$j.5O Ladies* Umbrellas, assorted handles, this week 91.5O L|
$5.00 Gents' L : mbrellas. assorted handles, this week 92.50 H
jz c Mantel or Piano Drapes, Oriental Designs, fringe on three sides, H
I all colors, this week ; 50c M
S1.50 Sea! and Walrus Hand Bags, braided handles 95c fcf
\i~Qh I Ostrich Feather Boas at a Sacrifice |
i~i r-« rr This means we will deduct 25c from each dollar of vour |]
Urr purchase. This is a big cut, but they MUST go. HERE I]
I IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY. |
Cargo on Steamship Barns.
BALTIMORE, Dec. 25. — Fire of un
tnown origin destroyed a portion of
he cargo of the North German Lloyd
steamship Brandenberg to^aay. Two
hundred bales of cotton, destined for
Bremen, ■were thrown overboard, as
vcre a number of hogsheads of to
jacco.
Xo More Cook's Tamale*.
The Cook Tamale Company has sus
r*nd«J business. The company claims
that the high prices of material have
mad* the business a losing venture. •
ADVERTISEMEXTS.
Castor 1 a
* For Infants and Children.
The Kind You Have Always Bough!
Bears to. //,/^S"
Signature of L^/-fff£tf6/UAZ
Pfllarp D0IVT FA1L T0
IdiatV 8ce the beautiful
j COURT Lounging
flfifl room, the EMPIRE
auu Parlor, the
r J PALM ROOM, the !
liniflfl LOUIS XV PAR.
uiuiiu LOR and the lJLm
H X 1 DIES* WRITING
Hotels RooM -
FORWOMEN
2OTK C1MITUX7 STEIHOE, 8'2.HO-
P«.tem«a Marcfc S. 19O*.
The Re*u!t cf ?) •» ear*' • Exserienc*.
It. !« w*. *^s;.l». etficient and b*aeflcl»l.
Von»y i«fusd«d if n « w-.+z'*.. S«nd itanr^
fcr p«.ryjtoit». Sfcow the pajnpfclet . t» ycur
r ;-ttl*t and tti! hSm to pet it Tor you. For
' K1RKTVOOD RUBBER CO.. 306 l*rlda «t..
Pttt F"r«ac:*cr,. c«l.
KL'WI.V JOT. t)rarr«st. cer=«r Kearcr and
•-•Jiferaia etc.
MRS. VAN AUKE.YS OXTOEN 1XSTZ-
.ITE, hli \m Nea* ave.. near Ellis.
<Cut thia out.)
Always. Remember tbt Full .N fine
" ax2tiv©
CsrcsaCoMmOitsDay, Crip in 2 Days
$Q. jfiTjC&WX** bat. 33o
\A/. X. HESS. A
STctxry Public and Attoraey-et-L»w.
Trnih Fioor, Hoorr: 1015. <:iaa* Rprcckcli Wig.
T^)*-phon<? Main nS3.
R»^i<!cncc. JKC2 McAllister tU
n^decc* Telephone Pase 5C4!.
•flAUVAfS MUSIC CO.
£33 ttARKET CT.. CPP. MMSO.V
HOLIDAY GIFTS ON INSTALLMENTS.
BIG CONVENTION
OF EDUCATORS
Nearly Every School in the
State Will Be Represented
at Meeting In San Jose
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call
SAN JOSE, Dec. 25.-Early to-mor
row morning it is expected the school
teachers, who are to attend the thirty
eighth annual session of the California
Teachers' Association, will begin to ar
rive. By Tuesday evening nearly 1200
educators, representing every section
of the State and all classes of schools,
from the little isolated country district
to the big State university, will be here.
There will be represented the Califor
nia Council of Education, the Chemis
try and Physic Teachers' Association,
the Elementary Teachers' Association,
the High School Teachers* Association,
the Manual Training and Drawing
Teachers' Association and -the Couny
Board organization. The Institutes of
Santa Clara, Santa Cruz, San Mateo
and San Benito counties and that of
the city of Berkeley will be held at the
same lime.
The officers of. the California Teach
ers' Association are as follows : Presi
dent, Charles L. Biedenbach, Berkeley;
vice president. Miss Kate Ames. Napa;
vice president, B. W. Griffith, Los An
geles; secretary, Mrs. M. M. Fitz Gerald,
San Francisco: assistant secretary.
Miss- .A. G. Kelly, San Francisco: rail
road secretary, A. E. Shumate. San
Jose; treasurer, Philip Prior, San Fran
cisco. ' . . v
Headquarters of the State association
will be at the St. James Hotel. A ree
iPtration bureau will be maintained
there, and committees to receive the
visitors will be present. The executive
committee of th.e association will have
headquarters at the State Normal
School. A meeting of the various or
ganizations will be held in the State
Normal School building.
To-rrorrow morning at 10 o'clock th<»
California Council of Education will
meet. Reports of committees on rela
tions of the public library, to .the school;
preparing a manual en teaching of his
tory: proposed school legislation:
course of study in-elementary schools;
State teachers' reading course; prepar
ing a manual on the teaching of geog
raphy and on rural school supervision
will report. Tbe subjects will be dis
cussed by prominent educators.
A dream of pleasure, the new two for
Charter s:ze American. J2 75 box 25. •
Happiness is one thing a man. con
tinues to search for after he has found
it
Builds up all the waste tissue of the
kidneva. Lash's Bitters. \ •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY, DECEMBER .26, 1904.
PARENTAL SCHOOL
IS A SUCCESS
I Superintendent Langdon's Report to Board of
Education Tells Its Own Tale.
• BY LAURA BRIDE .POWERS.
i If there's anything nearer the hearts
I of San Francisco clubwomen than the
j Juvenile Court and Its precious ally, the
I Parental School (which in turn is the
j ally r-f the compulsory education law),
; I haven't met it- It was in the Calif or-
I nia Club, durirg Mrs. George Law
\ Smiths administration, that the seeds
1 of the great . humanitarian movement
; were sown. Carefully was the plant
nurtured In the nursery pf the club
until some good Samaritans, ~FaIrfax
I Wtoetlan, Judge sMoes, Judge Murasky
i and other unattached goc-d people ral
i lied to the support of the work in hand,
j and laws were enacted at the last Leg
islature making provision for Juvenile
in certain localities.
Then came— in its own good time, as
come most reforms — the Parental
School of San Francisco. It was found
ed in this city, experimentally, to han
dle boys that had overrun school and
parental discipline. Schools of this
type had been in puccessful operation
in the large cities of the East for some
years, but in the West the proposition
was a new one.
The fundamental basis of success
was to secure for the school a head who
wc-uld understand the mental mechan
isms of boys — the psychology of lads
who compose "de gangs" that infest
the densely populous parts of the city.
The Board of Education found in Rich
ard K. Faulkner, for twenty years prin
cipal of the Franklin Grammar School,
at Eighth and Harrison streets, the
leader needed. What he, abetted by
Superintendent Langdon and the Board
of Education, has done during the year
is best told in the following report sub
mitted by Mr. Langdon to the board on
Thursday last:
Gentlemen: I submit herewith a report on
the Ban Francisco Parental School organized
by this Board of Kducation July 27, 1904.
While there Is yet much to be deeired In tha
equipment and organization at the school and
in its environment a fair start has been made.
Already the good results of a school of thl»
kind In the city have been made evident by tha
decrease of truancy In tha regular schools.
The course of study as followed In the oth
er schools of the city is carried out her« and
to addition thereto the superintendent has di
rected the principal and teachers to devote
special attention to manual training, physical
culture and military drill, music and drawing.
Joseph Meyers, formerly a drill sergeant in
the National Guard, and now superintendent of
th<» children's play ground, h&s volunteered his
services to ln«truct the boys of th« Parental
School in military tactics, superintend their
physical training practice and direct their
games and sports at the public playground
during each noon hour. Already an improve
ment in \he physique and bearing of the boys
is noticeable. Frank Barthel. teacher of man
ual training in the Franklin School Center, has
kindly volunteered to give an hour's work in
manual training, after school hours; to the
Parental School boys. At the beginning of the
nest school year proper compensation should
be made to tbeso men.
At present there is no one In the Parental
School who can effectively supervise the music
and drawing. As these -subjects are especially
Important for boys of their type I respectfully
suggest that the next teacher assigned to the
school b« qualified to supervise both thesa
ctudles for the entire school.
- On Monday. December 12. 1904; ths Honor
able Frank J. Murasky. Judge of the Juvenile
Court, and the Superintendent of the Schools,
acting upon the recommendation of the prin
cipal of the Parental School, paroled eight boys,
thr«« of whom had been committed to the
school by the Juvenile Court and five throujh
ths superintendent's office. Seven of the boys
s«em to flt Into regular school condition* satis
factorily and bid fair to give no further trouble.
One of the paroled boys played truant Im
mediately upon his return to a- regular school,
but was at once taken into custody and will
be disciplined by the Juvenile Court.
The present enrollment of the school aa
shown by the report of the principal. Is S3, th«
rrades being represented from the first to the
sixth, inclusive. Thirty-one of ths boys in at
tendance at this school were committed to it
by the Juvenile Ccurt. the Judge of this court
and the Superintendent of Schools each having
the authority to send boys there.
In a word th« school under tha direction oi
the faithful and efficient principal, Richard V
Faulkner, and its excellent and enthusiastic
corps of teachers may be deemed a decided
success and promises to become a means of
working out satisfactorily the compulsory edu
cation law.
Now, all thig is encouraging. It
stands for progress. It stands for the
first duty of government toward de
linquent children— not only on the high
plane of duty, but of necessity.
Young lawbreakers become mature
criminals. Environment saves young
lawbreakers from developing into ma
ture criminals. Therefore let us extend
the environment for healthy develop
ment—mental and moral— and the
means at hand for said growth consists
of the Parental School, the Detention
Home and the Juvenile Court, all col
laterals of . the compulsory education
law.
These potent factors of future good
citizenship are now conducted largely
from philanthropical contributions, the
women's clubs subscribing monthly to
the payment of probationary officers
that the work may be carried on.
Ye citizens of San Francisco who
were endowed at birth with the right to
vote pray remember that that which
makes for good citizenship Is not a
matter for philanthropy. The budget
for municipal housekeeping comes up
before the Supervisors in the spring.
Voters and friends of voters prepare to
do good urging where it becomes neces
sary.
This great humane work should be
borne by the Government, which will in
a decade reap, its fruits— not by Indi
viduals nor organizations.
The regular meeting of the Con
sumers* League. was held Monday. De
cember 19, Mrs. A. J. Brown presiding.
Committee reports were read. The
league desires to thank the merchants,
proprietors of public places and the
newspapers that kindly gave space in
their windows, showrooms or offices for
the display of the card issued by the
league urging the need of early Christ
mas chopping.
The next meeting: of the league will
BUSY SEASON OVER
TOR OLD KRIS
These busy days have been almost ;
entirely devoted to the cause of 'merry
old Kris Kringle. "All is fish that
cometh to his net," and the tendency
has been to swim, in hi3 direction. A
few partles.'club and home affairs have
intervened; Cupid ia really hibernating,
but wait— he is gathering : force and
after another fortnight have a care,
for the sly culprit's quiver is rapidly
. 'engagements.'. , .
A reception was ■ held Sunday.
December IS, at the residence of IMr.
and Mrs. LV Harris, 625 Ndtorna street,
in \ honor of the engagement "of ; their
daughter. Miss Rose Harris, and Harry
be held on the third Monday in Jan
uary.
' '• - * ' ' • ■ • «
\ Last Tuesday the California Club had
a bird day, «*)nd as merry a day as a
bird day ; <>ushl to be. The' programme
was devoted to birds ard bird day in
the schools. It was in charge of* the
club's department of . education, of
which Mnie. Emilia Toj«tti is the clever
chairman. A general invitation had
been extended to the teachefs? of San
Francisco to attend this meeting of the
club.
Miss Bertha Chapman save an inter
esting lecture on -Our Birds and the
N'eeds of Protective Legislation." She
used many bird skins to illustrate her
remarks. Miss Chapman. ' who has
charge of the nature study course in
the Oakland school, held the attention
of all the women present for nearly an
hour. She quoted marvelous statistics
proving that birds are of enormous
benefit to the farmers, as they destroy
the farmer's enemies, the Injurious in
sects and the seeds of noxious weeds.
She hopes that the boys who are now
in school may be taught the economic
value of birds, and that the next gen
eration of farmers will recognize them
as their best friends. Of eighty spe
cies of hawks only six are bad. and
through ignorance all hawks are called
bad. which is rather hard on the well
behaved hawks.
Two bulletins are about to be issued
by the Department of Agriculture In
Washington in regard to the food of
California birds, and investigations will
be continued next year in this State
by the same branch of the Govern
ment.
Mrs. Dean W. Park, the second
speaker, made a plea for an annual
bird day in the schools of California.
She quoted from official circulars of
the Department of Agriculture an ap
peal issued eight years ago to all th»
schools of this country 'to set apart
such a day in the spring 1 of each year,
and teach the boys not to shoot blrd3
nor to collect eggs, and the girfs not
to wear feathers on their hats. She
gave a brief account of the work done
by the "bird-stomach man," so called,
in Identifying the insects and seeds
found in the crops of thirty-four thou
sand birds shot for the purpose, and
the overwhelming testimony in favor
of protecting birds.
Mrs. Park appealed to teachers and
club women to abandon plumage of all
kinds, except ostrich feathers. A large
amount of bird literature was distrib
uted among the club women.
Two Audubon societies have been
formed recently In this State, one in
Pasadena of 600 members and the new
one at Berkeley. The State Federation
of Clubs which meets at Los Angeles
In February will probably have bird
protection on its. programme.
Ah! But that's an awful wrench-
Just after every woman nas ordered
home her new' winter hat, and, of
course. It has a wing or a breast.. or an
aigrette on it. If it hasn't it lacks dis
tinction. Alas! Another, clash of theory
and practice, of. % fiction and reality.
However, after a few more bird days,
with such clever missionaries as Mrs.
Paul and Miss Chapman, we women
may so alter our tastes as to eschew
the glistening raven wine or the pea
cock's gaudy breast.
By the way, now that humanitarian
appeals are being made to women to
save birds by not buying their poor
Jittle dead bodies for millinery— which
is, of course, a barbarous practice,
since it would be as sane to use fish
for the purpose^ — why doesn't some
voice cry out against the unspeakable
crime committed -for the purpose of
clothing some woman in broadtail?
Shame should kill the infamous traffic,
and I am of the belief that if women
knew that a dozen unborn lambs had
been slaughtered that their half-grown
skins could be used for a single coat o£
fashion they wouldn't) want to wear
them- And with the vanishing of de
mand the little lambs would live to
fulfill the laws of life.
Let the clubs agitate the matter.
To-morrow at 12:20 tha California
Club will "set Itself down to breakfast
in the Pioneer Hall. "No speeches, no
papers, no bores" is the watchword.
The breakfast ought to be a ravishing
success.
The Susan B. Anthony Club met Mon
day, December 19, at 2 p. m., at the res
idence of Mrs. Ellen A. Sargent, 1690
Folsom street. The business of the
meeting was the election of officers and
also for hearing the reports of the offi
cers for the year 1904. Two persons re
ceived a vote of thanks from the club —
Mrs. Hobe for her present of 200 copies
of the club's constitution and by-laws,
prepared in book form, and Mrs. Nellie
Holbrook Blinn for the delightful pro
ramme she arranged for the club dur
ing the year. ,
Mrs. Isabel Baldwin was elected pres
ident of the club to succeed herself;
Mrs. Hobe, first vice president: Mrs.
Ellen A. Sargent, second vice president;
Dr. Avery, secretary; Mrs. E. J. Xor
thon, treasurer; Mrs. G. W. Pringle,
press work: Mrs. Rider and Mrs. Hale,
auditors. The next meeting will be held
at the same place, the home of Mrs.
Sargent, 1690 Folsom street, corner of
Thirteenth.
Among those present were Mrs. Ellen
A. Sargent, Dr. " Avery, Mrs. Austin
Sperry, Mrs. G. W. Pringle, Mra. A. H.
Lissak. : Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Blinn,
Mrs. E. J. Ncrthon. Mrs. N. J. Kin
kead, Mrs. H. Washburn, Mrs. L. At
kinson, Mrs. A. L. Park. Mrs. V. K.
Hay ward. Miss Helen Moore, Mrs.' M.
W. Andrews. Mrs. M. J. Hale. Mrs. J.
B. Rider, Mrs. E. G. Fletcher, Mrs.
Charles Eschess Worg.
Simon of Seattle. The guests were en
tertained with music and dancing,
which continued' throughout the eve
ning, i . .
WEDDIXGS.
The wedding of Miss Mabel L. Harris
of Merced and Joseph H. Kahn of Oak
dale will . be a smart event of Merced
on, January: 8. The bride-to-be is a
daughter of Mr., arid [Mrs. "Alfred Har
ris and is a Tavorlte In thaL.jiretty. val
ley town. Mr. Kahn is the assistant
cashier, of ttio Bank of Oakdale and a
wcll-kuown man through that section
of Central California.
, "• ;'• ■'■■ • •■ ••
Mr5.\, Marion Van' Zant.and David
Houle; were married : on ■ Saturday reve-
I1S1I >Tv r*> ' QP • I i^sl
tor the execution of iWUlVwJ tt>. forciu^^ring
out-of-town orders &*"-*«**& or for lounging robe-
try us! Kearny and Sutter Sts. $200 Each
tadies' High-Class Tailored Suits
Greatlv Reduced for Immediate Clearance
- j
Ready Tuesday morning, when the store opens — One cf the greatest Suit Sales this store has
ever inaugurated. The sale includes our entire stock of this season's up-to-date styles, handsomely
made of Cheviots. Broadcloths, Scotch Tweeds, Panama Cloth and Fancy Mixtures. We don't pro-
pose to carry one of them over — it is contrary to our way of doing business. Therefore, in order to
effect a quick clearance, we've reduced prices as follows :
■ Ladies' Suits, Formerly Sold At Si 5.00 A Suit, Now $10.00
Ladies' Suits, Formerly Sold At S20.00 A Suit, Now $15.00
Ladies' Suits, Formerly Sold At $27.50 A Suit, Now $20.00
Ladies'^Suits; Formerly Sold At $32.50 A Suit, Now $25.00
Ladies' Suits, Formerly Sold At $40.00 A Suit, Now. $30.00
Ladies' Suits, Formerly Sold At $45.00 A Suit, Now... $35.00
CLOSING OUT ODD LINES OF ~
1 Knitted Underwear at Clearing Prices
According to our yearly custom, we begin to-morrow our Winter Clearing of Ladies', Gents' and
Children's Knit Underwear. All are high grade garments and in perfect condition — there are vari-
ous reasons for selling them under regular prices— - broken assortments, manufacturers' samples, etc..
Here is some idea of prices old and new:
Ladies' Ribbed Merino Vests, with Pants to match, In Ladiss' Fine Imported Merino Union Suits, Swiss Ribbed.
white and gray, were 75c each, now 50C In natural, pink and black —
Ladies' Ribbed Merino Vests, ~in white and'grav, un- Low Neck «d no Sleev« f were'^, now.... $2.50
shrinkable, Pants to match, were $1.00 each, now 75c H| Z h lVck and Short Sleeves, were $4-5°» now 92.( S
_ - High Neck and Long Sleeves, were $5.00, now $3.25
Ladies' Australian Wool Drawers, heavy weight for Chiidrcn > $ Ribbed Merino Ves ts and Pants, absolutely"
winter wear ; regularly $1.25 pair, now 80C unshrinkable, all sizes, were $1.00 each, tfow. . . . 75c
Ladies' All Woo! Vests, In high neck with long sleeves, j Men's Shirts and Drawers, cotton andwool mixed, in natu-
blackonly; regularly $1.50 each, now $1.00 ral color, heavy quality; were $1.25 each, now.. 95c
Ladies' Ribbed Cashmere Vests and Pants, In white only, ! Men's Merino Shirts and Drawers, good weight for
. splendid for cold weather; were $1. 50, at $1.00 I winter wear, were $1.25 each, now $1.00
Also a great many small lots and samples of Ladies' and Children's "Vests, Pants and
Combination Suits, which are now being offered at less than V2 the regular prices.
Elegant Black Dress Goods
At Extraordinary Price Inducements
Whatever comparisons you may make, you will be convinced that we are offering values in
Black Dress Goods that cannot be duplicated anywhere — for never were new, ideal fabrics offered
at such prices as these:
$1.35 Black Cheviots, All Wool, very heavy for n ~ [$2.00 Black Broadcloth, all wool, extra bright * 1 en
winter wear, 56 inches wide, special to-morrew at. . /UC 1 finish, sponged and shrunk, 56 inches wide, at. .^1.3U
$1.50 Black Kid Finish Cheviots, all wool, rich, t1 ,„ j $2. 50 Black Imported Broadcloth, superior quality, * 9 ~-
fast black, 54 inches wide, special at j sponjed and guaranteed spot-proof, 56 in., at...y^.Uu
Madras Curtains - French Flannels
Special at $1.15 a Pair 50c a Yard Instead of 75c
A fortunate purchase, of Madras Curtains goesk on sale Cleaning-up Sale. Tuesday, of a large lot of. Farcy
to-morrow. Every pair entirely new, in pretty red, olive, French Flannels. They are the brightest and prettiest
pink, yellow and blue cross stripe effects, on ecru ground imaginable. Among them are the choicest designs, In
— 42 inches wide and 3 yards long. Sale price, 41 1C Persian figures and stripes, on light and dark -«
while quantity lasts, per pair \ J>1 . 1O grounds. Sold regularly at 75-: a yard— Sale price 3vC
' V "h^e, v*. o* *>. .vvNIlW-YEAR GLOVE, ORDERS
If you forgot to give ah Xmas present, or it you wish to reciprocate — one of our Glove Orders
would be a very pleasing gift. We issue them "for any amount, and they are good in any derjart-
ning-, December 24. at the residence of
Mr. and Mrs. G. Morrell, at Eleventh
avenue and H street.
The wedding was a quiet one. al
though both young people are well
known.; Mr. and Mrs. Houle left for a
short wedding trip to Del Monte, where
they will spend the holidays. ' They will
reside at Thirty-fourth avenue and
Clement street, where a home is being
constructed. *
HOME PARTIES.
A very pleasant surprise party was
given to Mrs. James H. Robinson on
Tuesday, December 13, at her home,
2109 Folsom street. The following
guests arranged the affair and made it
highly successful: . Mrs. Rainburg,
Mrs. George H. Fuller, Mrs. Emma
Leeds, Mrs. Carrie Robinson, Mrs.
Mary Thompson, Mrs. Jay Beach, Mrs.
F. Woodward. Mrs. Jennie Coon, Mrs.
Georgia Hodgeman, Mrs. Catherine
Barnated, Mrs. Hussey, Mrs. S. f.
Otis. :. :
Mrs. Price of the St. Charles gave a
dinner to her son, Gerson Price, on De
cember 16, in . honor of his nineteenth
birthday. Decorations of holly and ber
ries brightened the table and dining
room. ,
Following the dinner guests attended
the dance of the Aloha Xui. Among
those who enjoyed the occasion were
Miss Louise Crooker, Miss Doris Bern
pteln. Miss Frances Kearney, Ralph
Clark, Jack Robertson, Gerson Price.
Miss Olga Dierks entertained several
guests at a whist party in her home
on Devisadero street on December 14.
Those who spent a pleasant afternoon
with the young hostess were Miss Ha
zel Prince, Miss Ida Purlenky, Miss
Aurore Artigues. Miss Sylvia Berman,
Miss Erna Wicker, Miss Camilla* de
Boom, Miss- Joan Oliver, Miss Irma
Berman, Miss Maud Trittenback, Mifs
Emma de Boom. Miss Miriam Living
stone, Miss Hilda Wicker, Miss Kath
leen. Oliver, Miss Marion Frisbie, Miss
Feranda de Ghetaldi, Miss Caroline
Schwerdt, Miss Mirta Hermes. Miss
Madeline McKenna, Miss Carrie Scheu
reman, Miss Amy Kelly, Miss Grace
Muller, Mrs. N. J. Tobias, Mrs. A. C.
Morrison, Mrs. B. Marks, Mrs. . H.
Prince, Mrs. E. Trittenback, Mrs. C.
Mantun. . . \ »
CLUB PARTI KS.
Mrs. Czarnecki entertained the mem
bers of the Novelty Whist Club at her
home, 2332 Jones street, last week.
Among those in attendance were: Miss
Lutz, Mr. and Mrs. Lader, Mr. and
Mrs. Newman, Mr.- and Mrs. F. Green
bcrg. Mrs. Martin, Mr. and Mrs. N. H.
Spitzer, Mr. and Mrs. Czarnecki, Miss
Czarnecki, Miss Lucy Czarneckt, .Dr.
Mitchell. The favors were extremely
pretty and, novel.
The . Aloha Literary and Social Club
of the 'Park Congregational Church,
Berkeley, held its regular monthly
meeting on Monday evening, December
19. The parlors were decorated In ber
ries and greens, and the following
programme- entertained the . members
and r friends. Piano solo. "Humor
esque."'.(Grieg). Miss M. Grace Odgers:
bass solo, "Clang of the Forge,", (Rod
ney), Bert Stevenson; vocal solo. "Mig
non,": (d'Hardelot)/ Mrs. H. French;
chorus, "Let -the Hills and vVales Re
sound,", A. T. Sutherland, leader: read
ing-. Mrs. Schueler: tenor solo," "Still as
the, Night," (Bohm), George Johnson;
recitation," Mrs. H. French. ;-- ; r' ; '.
A: "Scotch social" jsvill be;gtv«n by
the club ! Monday, evening, January : 16.
1905.-' -The newly, elected officers -are:
president; Mrs. O. B. Caldwell ; ; vice
president,".,' A.'-!'. P. Wright; secretary.
ARROW MAKES
AN AERIAL TRIP
Baldwin's Airship Travels
Twenty Miles in a Flight
Over City of Los Angeles
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 25.— Captain
Baldwin's airship, "California Arrow,"
driven by Roy Knabenshue. who made
several successful flights in the same
machine from the World's Fair grounds
at St. Louis, was given its ' first trial
in California to-day and was entirely
successful, with the single exception
o* its failure to land at the starting
point. A landing was effected half a
mile away without damage to the ma
chine, and it was safely towed back to
its anchorage.
The Arrow started from Chutes Park
baseball grounds, in the southeastern
part of the city, at S:17 p. m,, sailed
v.ith the wind northeastward for a dis
tance of between eight and ten miles,
thence eastward for two miles and re
turned in the face of a twelve-mile
gale to a point directly above the start
ing place, but. owing to the supply of
gasoline running short, was unable to
effect a landing at exactly the desired
spot.
From the time the airship arose from
the baseball grounds until it w"as safe
ly anchored ■ at Pico ■ and Stanford
streets, it was in fltght.an hour and
thirteen minutes, and in that time
sailed a distance, of probablf twenty
miles. "When flying with the wind the
Arrow traveled at a speed of twenty
miles an hour, and in returning directly
in the face of the strong: southeastern
gale was able to make a rate of speed
reckoned at between six and eight
miles an hour.
MIXERS WANT SCHOOL
FOR THEIR CHILDREN"
Arrival of Little Ones in Xpw Mining
District Creates Demand for
Educational Facilities.
BEATTY. Dec. 25. — It has been
learned thnt this town is just over the
line from the Bullfrog mining district,
so the miners and prospectors here
have organized the Beatty mining dis
trict. Several children of school age
have arrived in town and a petition
for an appropriation for a school has
been forwarded to the County Com
missioners. This will be the first
school in the desert south of Tonopah.
Mis* A. Ronaldson; treasurer, D.
Smith.
PERSONALS
The Misses Glnberg of Sacramento
are guests for the holicays of thei'"
grandmothe-j;. Mrs. P. Rosenzweig,' at
the Dorchester-
Mrs. William Gottsteln of Seattle is
in town, the guest of her sister, Mrs.
Edwin Lester AHenbergr, 945 Oak street.
Mr. and Mrs. D. J. Shine and Miss
Charlotte Shine, who have been making
a trip through the East and St. Louis,
have returned to town. .
Mr. and JIr«. Jacob Zobel of IMS -Pine
Street are entertaining their daughter,
Mrs. Max Hoffman, of Fresno.
Mrs. Beckman of Sacramento is vis
iting in San Francisco.'
"„ Mr. . and Mrs. R. W. Collins have re
turned from a visit to the World's Fair.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Merry Christmas..,
But Start Tonr Hi* Year Witt
thai
Itself f
IMPLY PQEii
/^■^^ilLi^^^^METAL BAR
j
The acme of pen convenience. Xa
filler to hunt for; no dirty. Inky fin-
gers. Saves trouble and tlma and
temper. Prices 93.OO to S5.0O.
SHAVE TOTOtS£U> with a
onLrriE safett sazox — iu>
ayires no honing or stropping. Pries
85.0O.
STAS SAXZTT BA2OX— Rejnlar
$2.00 value. My price now S1.25-
Other Razors as low as Sl.OO-
Mail orders promptly filled.
THAT i\lAN PITTS,
F. W. PITTS. Tha Stationer.
1008 MA2KET ST. OV9. Ptftfc. S. T.
&%C@ku6iA*am>
<nft Perfect Flttlnj f&
r<f Eyeglasses tf
\\ At Moderate Cost |»
V 642 ?Hark£.tSt
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED
You may be thinking of us-
ing an artificial food for your
baby. Try Mellin's Food ; it
is a proper food suited to the
baby's condition. It is not a
medicine but a true food. «Let,
us sendi you a sample to try.
MBLLIN'S FOOD CO.. BOSTON, MAt*
78
' * ' ' ' ■ ■ " ' ' ' ' ■ ~ ' . m , m m m B || "^ y<^~^ f*^% m I
3OIIS IK S_K_:CK_XS. - _ : !
AC"£re*e Of.ic rnur.U_-.lcns to !
JOIIN UcSX&iUT.': ____ .^Manager ,
\V. J. MAirriV^^Bufeines^ ; :^ua_er
TELEPHONE.
Ask fcr THE CALL. The Operator V.-fJ! Con- j
r.ect Tou Wi:n ttit Department ou \Msn. ?
I_>_CSIS— i "jfS.-e.... Market ard ThirJ. S. F. j
L— — -_ *___. U« K ~i fcievensoa st. i
Ue3v-r»d by < arr;«.^. -o Cts. Fer }^**'*- 75
Cfs- Fer Si tr.ih. Single Copies):* .«-"•
T»ra_ by Kail, Inuluilii* 1'csta.t.e « asn \Mtn
OnltrJ : « •« «v»
J-AILT CAL— 'incluri. Sunday), 1 y»ar...*sw
LAIl.Y CALL. ».n"'.ud. Sunday*. « moe. ..-*_<••
DAILY CALL- try Firgl- Morth j™
Pi-NDAT CALL. 1 Year -•£*
V>,'EEKLT «~ALL. 1 >«ar -* 1 .
„_„_». , be_T-_$-(» Per 1*ar E_ra
rOBEIG., ! p-jnfiayl 4.15 Per Tear Extra.
POSTAGE. , v.eekly. 1.O0 Per Tear Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS AKE AUTHORIZED
TO RBCEIVn BUUS-JiUPTlONS.
fiaropl* Ccples sr_ I be tarwarded vrheo re-
quested.
Mai! t-tscrtbers in ordering change of ad-
tfrees ehculd be parti'-Txisr tr> give both ?»E\>
• ANL» OLD ADDRESS in order to Insvre a
pro—^t _nd correct corrplia nee with their re-
quest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
:056 Broadway Telephone Main 10S3
BEF.KEX.~Y OFFICE :
21M Orter 8tr**t Telephone North 77
■WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
B__ rUEL. W. WALL Post Building
NSW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf -Astoria Hotel; A. Brentaco. 81
Vr-ion Square: Murray HIW Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel aid IicITn_r> !Iou*e.
CHICAGO NETVS STANDS:
Ffcert nan House: V. O. N»w t Co.; *_* At
Northern Betel: Tre moat House; Auditorium
Hotel: Palratr Hs>u*e.
CHICACO TrEPP.ESnNTATIVB:
C. GEORGE KKOGSBSfi, Martjuette Building-
(Long Distance Telephone. •Central 2819. )
NETV TORK REPr.ESENTATIVE:
.STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW YORK COPJ»-ESPOND_NT:
■C. C. CARLTON Her— d Square
BUSINESS OrFICE cf the San Francisco Call.
. eor— - Market asd Third streets: cpen until
12 o'clock every right in the year.
ERANCII OFFICES:
100S Market street, opposite Fifth; open until
11 p. ».
627 Montgomery street, comer Clay; open until
9:30 p. to.
800 Hayes street; open — itll 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 jr. m.
1941 Mltslon street; open until 10 p. m .
"(■« Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
1CA6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m -
Northeast corner Church and Duncan street* ;
open until 9 p. — .
B200 Flllmore street: open until 9 p. m.
EE-T—SO BTOTTC-S.
MEMBERS of La Loge Parfaite Unlcn fi
No, 17. F. and A. M.. are requested Yy
• to — eet at Te— pie. Post and Mont-/^r\
coroery itt., MONDAY, December 26.
at 12:4S p. rr... to attend the funeral of
Brother Past Master V. QARDET. By order
P. DE ST. JULIEN. Secretary.
THE pal ifornia Debris Commission, having
received applications to mine by hydraulic
process from B. G. Smith and S. H. Robin-
son, in Celtic and Monterey gravel mine, at
• >jiumbia, Tuolumne County, Cal., draining
Into Mormon Creek, which reaches Stanls-
• laus RU-er; from J. F. Schindler, in Council
Hill mine. n«ar Scales, Sierra County. Cal..
i:ra:r.:r.£: into Rock Creek, which reaches
Tuba River; frcm J. B. Stewart, in Stewart
rsine, near Oieta, Amador County, Cal.,
draining into Indian Creek, which "reaches
• /ontti— nes River: from TV. and G. V.*. Car-
penter snd Vic Henderson, In Independence
hydraulic mine, near Iowa Hill. Placer
• County, Cal., drai nicg Into Independence
'"reek, which reaches North Fork of A— eri-
_can River; from Gold Top Mining Co., in
'Orrhard placer mine, near Pine Grove. Am-
edor County, Cal., draining into Jackson
Creek, which reaches Mokelumne River, and
■from Victor. Frank ard Joseph Dondero. in
O>1<J Nugget mine, near Columbia, Tuclumne
County. Cal.. draining into Woods Creek,
which reaches Tuolumne River, gives notice
that a meeting to reortve any protests will
b* held at rocm C8. Flood building. San
Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 9. 1905. at 1:30 p. m.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
tbe Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
citco. Cal., W.I! be held at Its banking-
house. SQJ_ Montgomery et. San Francisco,
Cal.. on TUESDAY. January 10. 1903.
st 8:15 p. — .. for the election of directors to
ten te during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of euch other business as may
cc— * before the meeting*
OEO. GRANT. Secretary.
December 10. 1904.
ATTOHgnCTS-AT-I— kW.
A FRAUDULENT <ilvorce is dear at $12 and
Is r.o good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a epecialty; quick, quiet; no money needed;
no .pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
m sde. G. XV. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
B. TV. KING. Attcrney-at-law. Exam. bldg..
€th floor; entrance room Cll; established 26
ye>rs; all courts, general court and office
practice: r.o fees in advance or for consulta-
.UcTi: evening by appointment. TeL Red 3C01.
AA — Divorce; costs $12; auick.qulet:adv!ce free;
a!! law business; no charge unless success-
ful; open e%ening«. 927 Market et.. rocm 301.
ADVICE free; fiU-orce costs 112: no fees cr
costs is advance: all law business; office
qpen Saturday eve-Ings. 819 Market st., r. 33.
JOHN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law. roc— s 3
and 4. 240 Mont— jmery St.; phone Red 6C17.
I* 8. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
AOOTT-oar.
FOR ADOPTION' — A health* baby, one month
old. Apply to MP.S. BATTLER, 1709 Powell.
ASTHMA CTJBB.
151 NOLA'S Arthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
10c. 25c. Me. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas,
alfio TVInhart. Kith and Washington. Oakland
ATJTO— :O_I__g.
A ri-CE aato— cbile for sale In first-class run-
r.lr.g crfler. Address box 1C95. Call office.
_ : _^BOAHJ)tBO_rOBjCmE : p__S. _
WANTED— Sniin child to board In private
fan-.:!:-; l^a^t of care. ftCjifr Greenwich st.
BPS- TESS CH— JTCES.
F. A. BROCKBANK. ~~
CUSINCSS -AGENT.
917 _-rket st.. between Fifth and fiixth.
A CLJ— NT of rr.lr.e uho cociue_ a well pay-
i"K cigar stand < r. Market st. desires good.
ii«.»rs; n:tn as partner to a«rist Mm in ct-
. tccdiug.rlang.. and to gams he can cfTer Cne
pouticu: no experience ne'.-eisary: Vi50 cash
i*guirea. Particulars of EKOOKUANK.
t'.'yj 'AND services secure an Interest In old
«*'.ab. offlce r.r.i3 commisKicn busluera clear- i
:nK KJCO to S^»u mo.; no e: cpCS -uncv rsqulr'd; ■
party iuuji be ncbcr and rcllahle ar.v) furnish I
K'>cd rrierenros. ;i» %zir.c v.-|!l n<» tendered
tarn. P— me— — n v,ith nuooxn.\:;K.
HXZICZH fcbx-ip of 2 chairs, en busy street,
i^rt'i • of _=rket Bt.: diesp rent; money
n— _cr; elti tcr S.7C. See CliOOKBANK.
HOTEL FOR SALE. "
«— X)9-$4C»> cr.il i bays vptendlC hotel business
In Hearty tor.ii; S3 rooius ar.J Uir; equip-
ment : horso; »>r<d 'iiui. and C yrar«' leate
fcr «alo; tirnt J100 month; clear* <2M>. F. L.
SKAGGd _ <"O., CC llcritsomcry »•- '
*irTiO— SAN JOSI; -js>-1-g diio' «nd milk route;
/■fc^ics rut'onase; 17 h*ad fine oa:::e; g<>5d
llfl'iHi; senwinr.tle KSSe; excellent «>qulp-
rietit. Ht'3 It. Call offlc*, ?an Jose.
A LAlivs ar.J rf::;'» »ei:«">rlnc '•:»bli«hmect.
riasfRtsg >_) i'yinc. frr Kale; business v/ell
cst* li!— h*d «nJ Is b in* u> -^ti.r:. /.Odress j
for particular*. c-o.\ .';2>C. Call cfHw. |
I'On rale— Uakfi> . tlr'rt Oljtatic* 1 f:«— San
Fran> i*c>: - «r>-^t t.— _at<i If sold tit unce <u
owner is :«*.!:r_»t«d In <>t!i»r hui-lnjss. Apply
Uaseo' Hoffli'. 70t M^'doii vi.
MtCO--BnEIt.bots.Sins »ui*« Atti 4raug!jt beer
r«ce:wj-. J «'.f: !d every detail: ;,<>ud estab.
ir*<3e; wj«t «« »«"Ctitmt of 5lckn'es. Inquire
Xtmdei JJ:"u:r.c <: w .
$203 — ACTH'E t:iiir: wnntctl »».r-nrtn»r to «lo
Irlsln.' ifrh: wcrfc; sure pmllt of $7Sto each
per, rJonih Ap:«!y. t!32. Market »t.. . rwni 6.
brr irn~ivj~,iijfrifs. ~
•/*a>1n3 $3ft) monthly: $Ci0 am! teniceB «if
t*j2»t rat tj k«cure> Ii«:f lut Uu* 2S2A. Call.
BWSISTESS <7~:A7C~r — CC-tl—Ued.
A— flCCO: EAKERV ana confectionery, egtab-
l—bcd —any >e»r*. — ittpg J barrels per day;
<■ •■..;■.». wagons and buggy; cne of the best
n: ifcis tity. .See R. G. WILKE. 2«4 Keamy.
A— %X>'i; tve'l established r^al estave • office in
N:.,a '7o.:' cff.ee Coins a good business; has
vaiual)'.* ——tract*; '-Itrarine abojt $150; par-
-.ic-j— r*. R. C. V. 1LK_. I'C'i Kearny st.
A — ?75*.; HALF interest !n aianufzcturin;? busi-
n«».s; eitablished li; years: partner can clear
*!So es_? »jor month: rar* cnance. R. G.
WILKK. 26 Vi Keamy st. x
A— $ir«»; t»a ar.d coffee store, crockery, etc.;
estab. je^re; slock invoice 'j> about $2500;
owner er.pageU lr. business in Arizona; must
■acrince. Particulars It. Q. WILKE. -'OVj
Koarny St. . _
A— CW: HARDWARE, locksmith and electri-
cal repair shop: established 25 year*; best
location. Particular* K. G. WILKE, i'6',4
Kearny.
A— $500; HARDWARE locksmith and electri-
cal repair shop; established 25 ytars; best
location. Particulars R. G. WILKE. 28V4
Ktarny.
A— $1800; EALOON on water front, close to
Market St.; net rent $120; place established
many years and known as a good paying
butlnees. See R. G. WILKE. 2«l? _ «*rny.
A— $&C«: BAKERY with delicatessen store. Ice-
cream parlor; in very best location; will b*
eacriSced- owner must leave at once for New
Tork; rent $2U Call R. G. WILKE. 26fc
Kearny «t.
A— $—**): LIQUOR store, with 5 years' lease:
$2000 stock guaranteed; 1 block north of
Market; a very rare chance. Call on R. G.
WILKE. 26fr Kearny at.
A — JLseu; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon;
dally receipts $50; rent $50; Itase; place lo-
cated dose to Market and a good business.
C— 1 on R. G. WILKE. 2CH Keamy at.
A— $—500; SALOON; the best on the water
front; rent $74; place known for the last 30
years as a flrst-class paying buflness. For
particulars call en It. G. WILKE. 26ft
Kearnr st.
A— $1200; OLD-ESTAB. dyeing and clearing
works; 3 hers ee; 4 wagons; net rent $20;
place ealab. for many years and has a large
patronage; a good paying business. Call on
R. G. WILKE. 2CH Kearny st
A— $1000; HOTEL; a flrtt-clacs trying bar; 14
room t, dining-room and kitchen, with 5-year
lease: close to carhouse aad other factories.
Bee R. G. WILKE. 2oH Kearny tt.
A— $1800; RESTAUHANT for sale, in the best
mining town In the State of Nevada; daily
receipts, $150; opposite the round house; no
better paying proposition in Nevada. Partic-
ulars R. G. WILKE. 2<5Vi Kearny St.
I CM.' — WILL take partner in a good paying,
nicely furnished coffee parlor and restau-
rant; lease; or owner will sell for $1100;
part on time. See R. G. WILKE, 20}*
Kea— ly st- . ■;-...
A— $7000: BAKERY, one cf the beat In city;
monthly sales $6000; splendid chance for two
partners; not all cash necessary. Particulars
v* R. G. WILKE. 2C^a Kearny sC
A— $2500; HOTEL In Sonoma Co.; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, bus, 2 horses,
cow, etc., and 7 acres of land; B years' lease;
rent $50. or owner will sell whole property
tor $12,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 28 Vi
Kearcy at.
A— $1750; CORNER grocery and bar. with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento st. ; 4ft years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
$550— RESTAURANT; very best location; rent
$60; close to Kearny and Bush; good-paying
Investment; Investigate. Call on R. O.
WILKE. 26H Kearny et.
A— «2900; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia st.; lease; old established and good
paying business ; investigate; a rare chanoe.
See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $2350; COAL. wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 hones. 3 wagons; net rent $34;
pla?c established years: very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE. 2C% Kearny at.
A— W00; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busl-
cess. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $2—0: CORNER grocery and bar. 5 years'
lease; rent .$40; store doing large cash busi-
ness: location can't be beat; value In si«ht.
See R. G. WILKE. 2C% Kearny st.
A — $2600: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block frcm Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a flrst-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
WILKU. 28V4 Keamy st.
A— $3500: CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
at. ; rent $00; living rocms; stock will In-
voice about $2800; a well established and
tirst-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— |2C0; DAIRY, produce and delicatessen
store; 5 rooms; rent $25: best location Va-
lencia st. Call R. G. WILKE, 2C% Kearny.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St.. cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale — Well-furnished and equipped country
hotel; 59. rooms; rent only $150; 10-year
lease: sewly painted and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S. F. ; fine, grow-
ing town; Dresent owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
Flrst-cla— i saloon downtown:' 2 blocks from
Market st. ; rent $75; well fitted up; receipts
$18 to $2S per day; must be sold on account
of other business: ,'prtce, $1600. CAMERON
_ CO.
First-class short-order restaurant, downtown;
fittl* <s new and up-to-date; receipts $75 to
80 per day; flne opportunity to get Al prop-
osition reasonable; best of reason for sell-
Ing. CAMERON _ CO.
For sale — First-clais bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent:
fixtures and store uo-to-date: established 17
yearv; flne new ctock of goods; has never
changed hands; now clearing $350 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime. SEE CAMERON _
CO.
Harness and eaddlory shop, well located; rent
$12; well stocked': flne wax machine: all
bench tools; everything goes; price, $1000;
more than value In. sight; retiring from
business CAMERON & CO.
Here la an opportunity of getting one of the
be*t groceries and- bars In city; flne transfer
corner; downtown and doing big business;
cheap rant: 5 years' lease; receipts average
$1SCO to $2000 per month; never changed
hands: best of reasons for selling. CAMER-
ON & CO.
Exchanges made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAME-
RON _ CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For sale — Several good business propositions
fcr investors, such as cigar stores, groceries
and ham. bakeries, furnishing goods, mer-
chandise, country hotels, restaurants and
many, other proposltlcns too numerous to
mentlr.n; would be pleated to have you call
anfi inspect our list. CAMERON & CO.. 2
E<! Jy it.
For ea'.e — First-cUss ' downtown ' cigar store:
doing i good business. . but disagreement of
partners cause of sale. CAMERON & CO.
TO lease for a term of years — One of the best
places in the town of San Mateo; large
house, burn, cnicken-house,' etc. ; on the elec-
tric line; 5 minutes' walk from depot; suit-
able fcr private hotel and restaurant; very
large grounds, fine shade . trees, beautiful
flcwers; a fine opportunity for the : right
I— rty. Inquire after 5 p. m. from owner, 8tt
Fair Cak« tt.. San Francisco.
RESTAURANT and delicatessen store for sale,
situated in Rood business location. Box
2501. Call effice. :
WANTED— A good hotel, city or country;
country rxe'erred: s tate price and full par-
ticular*. Dox 3101, Call office.
MARKET Ft. cigar stand. $525; sickness causes
raie: would not Bell -for double otherwise.
£<?e owner. 12 to 2. at 1442 Market st.
GROCERY and delicacy cheap: easy terms; or
would take reliable partner. Call at 1298
Jackacn ■_•.;.;
WANTED— To buy a corner grocery aod bar;
tit&te. pries asked.* Address box 1230, Call.
FOIt sale — Flr*t-c!a_« saloon; long lease; cheap
rent;.yeur price. Box 3S 14, Call office.
?3C00 — WILL buy haif-interest in paying es-
fafclis'aed bus.; no opposition. . Box 379S, Call.
FOR sale, or will take partner, saloon and 15
rtfXTj?.; ia«t chance. 212, East st.
WTX L-PAVINO meat market for sale; butcher
remains with buyer. : Box 3S34, Call office.
! WANT $1000 to launch a business enterprise-
$10.fcu0 a year profits. Box SSSO, Call office.
SALOON for sale with. lease. Apply at III-
r.crnla ' Brewery. . . -
RESTAURANT for *ale; trouble among part-
ners. 181 Sixth St." >•■.
ROUTE 12, San Francisco Call, for sale. . Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office. ,
A BKANCH ; office of The Call for the recep-
tlon of ,<*dv<Ttii>ements and subscriptions has
»>e*rt opened' at. lOOh ; Market ■ St., opposite
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY. DECEMBER 2G, 1904.
rODGX-a--HOTTS3ES FOSJALE^
MARION GRIFFIN.
40C. Hearst buildinz, over Examiner entrance,
comer Third and Market sts. : tel. Black 3C07.
Hotels and rotming-houses for »aJe. Free list.
■ Abstract of Title Free With Each Sale.
■ *16S; house full
Half furnished 40- of steady room-
I room house north era; on account
of Market; $15O>J of sickness the
tak»8 It up to 10 price ($5000) is
a. m .. Drverr.ber cut in two.
'J. "Ther* 1« a ■
I tl<Je in the aflairb See
of all men's iiv«s
I if taker at thu MARION
flood leads on to __
fortune." GRIFFIN.
See —
MARION Fashionable room-
GRIFFIN. ing-house of 88
■ rooms, oa Sutter
SfeJary of ?3 per st- Furnishings
. day and you stay ,
at home. Why cost $e010. Every-
i not etart la on
I Jan. 1. 1DC5V thins Is
• You'd lay away '
! some money. We FIRST CLASS.
offer you such a — — —
chance in the All the rocanexM
manage— ent of a I
SO-room apart- m_r t give ac-
mer.t house: price ceptable ref er-
$1800. Terms, H encea. House Is
cash. Rent Is un- full. Profit ia ex-
der $100. actly $187 xnontb-
ly. Owing to lm-
Eee - mediate departure
from city price is
MAJUON $3500.
| GRIFFIN. Bee
— — . MARION
The best fur- GRIFFIN.
nlsfced 24-room
house In this city. —_—_____
On the sunniest
corner In Call- Dependable house
fornia. Almost ;
no work for the °f 68 rooms: 7-
landlady. Owner '
is out of the city. year lease. In-
Come and make
I offer to come $430 over
MARION rent. Modern
GRIFFIN. building. Price,
— : !____—_ _ $5700. Terms 'A
Clean profit $396 c« *•
monthly in a par- — — —
tlally furnished . Se »
lM-room house.
Price $7300; 1st MARION
payment |2000.
. GRIFFIN.
See
s — __ — .—^^ — _
MARION
SPECIAL.
GRIFFIN.
Clears monthly
$175; 37-room
Transient house, '
near Market st ; house. Beauti-
clears $125 to $200
monthly. The net fully furnished,
profit for 1904 up
to Christmas waj Located on Ellis
exactly SlOOi. "
Owner desires to st. Extra flne
leave S. F. at
once. For $500 entrance. House
first payment will
put you in poa- new snd modern,
session.
Highly reapect-
See
-, ■ able.
MARION
E««
GRIFFIN.
, MARION
HHH GRIFFIN.
—NOTICE— ■
On Jan. 1. 1903. __ ~TZZT~
Draw $200 in gold
MARION out of the bank
GRIFFIN and le .t the bal-
ance of your
will remove from money stay there
until you have
the Examiner bid. Klvea this 19-
to the to 0111 house a
thorough trial.
JAMES FLOOD Prlce f^OO. re-
duced
buildimr — to $1200—
' You pay $2C«
cor. Market anrt down and : we
■ ' back you for a
Powell. thousand; house
located in busl-
Sulte-601. ness center, north.
of Market st. Fot
Neartheelevators. tnts holiday snap
.: . See"
Beautifully far-
nished house of MARION
50 rooms; on a
sunny comer GRIFFIN.
stick a pin here;
the rent is onl>
A— CAMERON _ CO. Phone South 1050
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming-houses. Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Beautiful new building; grand entrance;
electric elevator, lights; steam heat; CO light
and sunny rooms, elegantly furnished: spacious
halls; draperies and fittings of the belt; \. here
you can have an exquisite home besides clear-
ing $300 per month above all expenses; close
In; cheap rent and long lease; this house is
always full of beat people; sickness causes
sale; exclusively with us.
Rare chance to get choice 7 room flat: rent.
Including garbage and Janitor service, $40 per
month: furnished In mahogany and oak: best
body Brussels carpets; new 1 year and coat
$800, to furnish; will sell for $450 on account
of leaving city.
Choice 80-room downtown European hotel;
strictly first class and thoroughly respectable;
every equipment: modern and up to date; al-
ways full and clears $350 to $400 per month;
best reasons for selling; with us exclusively.
You can't beat this beautifully furnished,
100-room downtown house: carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric lights,
•team, heat;: in fact, everything modern and
up to date; leng lease; cheap rent; owner leav-
ing city.
20 rooms; good location on Howard st. ; rent
only $G0; good furniture; new carpets; nice
and clean and paying well: $500 down, bal-
ance out of house; price $1000.
Kere la 16 good rooms, close In. with 3
rooms not furnished, but are all full-'and pays
$50 per month above all expenses; owner tak-
ing larger house; price $1050. s
Here is a nice little home of 12 well-fur
nished rooms; rent only $60; where you can
clear $50 per month and have 2 best rooms •
Van Ness ave.; only $S50.
This Is a fine opportunity for some one with
$1000 cash to get 20 rooms well furnished In
oak and cherry; everything In flrst-claes shape
and clears $S5 above all expenses; leaves 3
rooms for landlady; balance can be paid out
of house. . .'t>» ■':>.
Grand, new. modern apartment- house: beau-
tiful building; elegantly ■ furnished; good long
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' wait
from Kearny st. ; has 180 rooms and pays $50"
to $600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
I . Nlco little house of 18 rooms, with good fur-
I nlture and carpets; rent only $65; must dis-
; pose i:ext ten days; make offer.
First-class Investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 in 40 -
room house; rent only $125 per month; choice
location on Sutter st. ; always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness oaly reason
for celling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter st. : beautifully
furnished; always full; there are 80 rooms
rent only $425; obliged to leave city; will be
bold at half cost to furnish.
Big i snap; 31-room apartment-house- rent
only $4 per room; well .furnished and clearing
$90 per month; will only take $550 cash bal-
ance time; price $950. - ' .
. . — — i
14-room house, furnished In oak and mahog
anV ; good carpets; first-class location; all full
and clearing nice little Balary every month-
you csu get it for 5«C0 cash.' montn,
i Beautifully furnished 6-room modern flat-
new tt months ago: rent only $25; flne location ;
cost over $900; to be sold for $400; departure. '
HIgh-trrade" family hotel on the : hill- 'ele-
gantly furnished; has SO light and sunny
rooms; always full and clears ; a fine Income
hut sickness ■ Is only cause for being on the
market; good chance for some one to get pay-
Ing Investment at sacrifice.
• 16 rooms well located on Eddy, st.: rent only
$65:, oak and" cherry furniture:'., clears '$75-
leaves' 3 ■ best rooms . for landlady;' everything
flret-class condition: here is a flue home com
IMRiteSMlHnMHMUHHtfMa^.
; FOB SALE — C<*n.
blned with nice ntil* business; part down, bal-
ance as you make It.
70- room country hotel; best interior town In
Ptat*: barroom 2 dining-rooms and 5-room
cottage besides; rent $100 per month: can get
10 years' lease; brick building; everything fine
condition; flge busjness proposition.
We have a number of special bargains in
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern: can
be had for less than half cost to furnish: must
be. sold, either account of sickness or de-
Have lars e list of real estate, hotels', room-
Ing houses and business chance3 for cxehanie
or trade always on hand
A. CAMERON *r CO.. ."• Eddy tt.
H. C. DECKER WXi MARKET ST./
II. C. DECKER PHONE JOHN ML '
SQUARE DEALING— CLEAR TITLES.
Over 28 years selling houses In thin city.
MONET TO LOAN OM ANY HOUSE.
See the Following Bargains:
1 19 r.; rent $75: only $250 cash $ 730
24 r. ; aU light and eunny; rent $60.... 1400
2»". r. ; Market «U; snap 25Ci>
25 r.; up-to-date hotel; swell location.. 3200
lO-r. house, new furniture 6C0
i 27-r. houre on Pert 8 t 2000
8 r.; sunny corner; north of Market st. 400
100 r. ; always rented; clears $4C0 850O
108 r.; apartment: clears $4<<O a month. 8C0O
H. C DECKER, 906 Market St., cor. Stockton.
TAKE NOTICE!
First-class rooming-house for sale; 37 rooms;
clearing $175 per month; 4 suites; private
b_th; balance single rooms; all light; modern
house; low rent; 4 blocks north of Market;
furnishings best; price I want a proposition:
have good reasons for selling; If not. I
would not sell; have your attorney investi-
gate for you. Box 2933, Call office,
MITCHELL * CO.. .
1208 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE M8L
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels. Cats.
Sold to suit purchaser?. Title — laranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
24-ROOM lodging house for sale In North
Beach. Address box 1405, Call office.
$350—8 ROOMS, mostly housekeeping; rent $35;
income >fiO. Call 214 Ellis st. .
_ODQryG-HOTJs_s ~7Airr_p.
WANTED — A lodging house of about 20 rooms:
furniture must be in good condition and rent
reajwnable: state full particulars. Box 3398,
Call office; no agents.
Cl*— IB.VOTAH T8^
LIVINGSTONE.
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 26% KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION
MRS. DR. CLARK.
The well-known medium and clairvoyant,
may be consulted on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed; she will show ycu how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
rated; tell your entire life, past, present and
future; satisfaction by mall; send eta— p for
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st.
RICHARD MAYO.
CLAIRVOYANT.
421A— Ellis st. — 421A.
Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Private flat. Business confidential.
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs In life: never failed to give satls-
f action; 25c up. 17 Third st.. next Examiner.
1SMAR. Egyptian eeerees. The Vendome. 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
a. m. to 6 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 12: Wednes-
day evening. 0 to 8. Phone, South 1141.
MISS M. WILLE. 310 Ellis St.. clairvoyant,
crystal seer and life reader, tells you exactly
what you called for without asking a ques-
tion; names given: $1: hours. 10 to 8.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with double veil and second sight.-, tells past.
present, future; 1. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm-
istry full life read. SI. 203 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MISS WARD. 1206 Market St., cor. G. G. ave .
parlor OS, clairvoyant, gives names, dates nad
facts; hours 11 to S; take elevator.
MME. KRONENBERG, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: whfn others fall try me; read-
Jnirs 23?. 324 O'Farrell St.: tel. Red 65.TT.
MISS, ZEMDAR. young gifted, clair. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.: L. M;:
G. $1; hours 10 to 9; names. 714 Franklin bt.
MME. MARSEAU. card -reader; ladies 25c:
gents COc. 545 Minna Ft.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader. ha«
returned: sittings daily. I0S nth St.. rooms 1-2.
MME. SARAH, clalrvovant. card reader; ladies
35c; gents COc. 23iJ Sixth St.
MRS. BAUMANN, the well-known lortune-
teller. is now at "t" E1U» st. -
SP— tTTTTAIiIgM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bus. medium and
life reader. 12ms Market, r. 14. Gait House.
C V. MILLER'S mother: ladies' seance to-
night, 8 o'clock; friends only. 1084 Bush et.
C. MATO STrERS. trance medium. 305 Lar-
kln, room 49; readings 1 to 5; Ul. South 319.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted Mate-writer and
r!a!rvnyant. 1112 F<Mv ft. P.hnne Pcntt «»7.
CA~~ET BEATIHS AKTD CL3AKINO.
COMPRESSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
carpets and rugs alio cleaned by compressed
air at shop; prices moderate. S. F. Com-
pressed Atr Cleaning Co.. SOS Market st.;
' phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become disgusted with your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Caroet-bcat-
lng works.355-357 Tehama et. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works 1S09 Har"
risonst.; Al cleaning. 3c. FRED HAGE-
DORN & CO.: phone Mission 225.
MICHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth et.— First-class
carpet cleaning, 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutt*r st.;
tel. Main S04. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet- beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission 2B3.
CB EDIT C—OTHI—KS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.. SIS Mason st.— Clothing
for e\*erybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you want from us and have U charged.
C— O -ETTTG . 33 ENO VATING.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring an<]
dyeing. Bon Marche. Examiner bldg., r. 410:
phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
C0_X._CTIOX OFFZC-S.
BAD ienanti ejected fcr $1; collection* made:
city or country. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
. Montgomery st.. rocms 9-10. , Tel. Main 65S0.
--STISTS. "
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— CannoiTbrealT;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns. $3 50; fillings. 50c;
; plates, $5; full set; all —ork palr.K-.ss and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HlLI^44^^arkei. rf nr?Ei«Ventn
No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; v teeth
from $8 per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Set teeth. $1 50 up: crowns. $2 up: fillings, 25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c: crowns, $2: no
pain; open Sundays. Dr.A.C.HewlU.204 Sutter.
ARTHUR OHISHOLM~iurgeon-dentist.r.l4,l(rt
floor, Phelan bid., 80G Market." cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary at.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave. . '
j DEJESSMA— EE S^AIT- SEAMSTRESSES.
| McDOWELL Dres— oakinsT_ MIlllnery"ichool—
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Acecrdlon'. sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
. art's button and buttonhole factory.110 Taylor
' EDUCATIONA-.
CLASSES'- in short story writing arid journal-
ism will be formed on January 3. 4'smd 5 at
2 p.' m.. at 3.T.1 Phelan bids. ; terms very rea-
sonable; 'join these classes: tSo instruction - Is -
excellent: rapid progress assured.' " . • \
E.'R. A TRES.' founder of Ayres 'Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; $5 month; life scholarship
$50; positions eecured; day, eve. ,723 Market.
THE Paul Gerson School \ol Acting, the largest
, Institution devoted exclusively^ to £ dramatic
: * ; learning: v ; In i America,: - positions ' guaranteed."!
i Send for catalogue. - 'Native Sons'- building -
! EDTTCA^TIOJ-AX— - Con^ratfl.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited pr»Mr-ir»y
cchoo! for university, law ami 'nelxal ct i-
leges, beRins its twelfth year. We soall Jo
better work than, before, and give pereral us
well is srerlal courses. Our departments In
English literature. language, mathemrt;cs.
Rcifnces, history, etc.. are ex.-el^n:. Two
of the best teachers in • Califo- va ar.-> :n
charge of English and cf mathematics. Com ~
r.rd be with us. we prepare you well. Refs.
Pres. Jordan or any Stanford professor. Lay
and' evening resiions. Phelan aldR.
1 HEALD'S School cf Mines ana Engineering, 24
Pott et., S. F.; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and pis engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms;
perfect light: all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. K. BuFintss College. 73S Mission st.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.. min., ro-ch.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve.; cst. 1804. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24. Post st.
Established 1S«3: largest ia tb- West: an-
nual enrollment 1000; ?e=d for circulars.
ALL En*, and com. branches. $5 mo.: 47 les-
sons Denn Pitman shorthand hold any posi-
tion: indiv. instruc. West. Bus.Col.,12Sl Mkt.
) A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 002 Vnn Ness
a%-e. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster, Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE. I.>2 Market 6_ Send for catalogue.
BOOKKEFPING— Save time, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert. 217 Parr ott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per month;
vocal lessons SI. 828 Haight st.
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
I m —*' 8 School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'Iy by mail and per-
sonally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom' y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424 Pine St.— Night class.
ran?— otmekt opptc— «*.
A— -JAPANESE and. Chinese employment office
I supplies best help promptly: city or country.
' S. IMURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Jap&neoe-
Chlnese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
I RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese help: estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY k CO.. 640 Clay.
-IgP-OY-TEWT WAIT" _P — P_-IAI.E.
A — ACCOUNTANT, young lady, expert book-
keeper, desires position as private secretary;
can take full charge of correspondence and
accounts. Box 3879, Call office.
EDUCATED person, not young, would go as
companion, nurse, needle woman to elderly
person; fluent reader: generally useful; mod-
erate salary; wants home. Ad. 3460 ISth st.
FIRST-CLASS American woman, out of means,
wants to go In good steady home; wash
dishes or other light work; Is a good plain
cook; carfare, $2 50 wesk. Address 106%
Third St.. room 25. first flight.
SCIENTIFIC massage by a graduate of the S.
Wclr Mitchell method; sprains, fractures and
dislocations a specialty; references If desired.
Box 3**S>, Call office.
BY young Iad7 of refinement and ability, posi-
tion as traveling companion and secretary to
Invalid, cr as traveling saleswoman. Box
3997, Call office. ■
FIRST-CLASS dressmaking done at Mme. de
la Roche Lambert's, 1113 Sutter St.. near
Larkln; lady's own material made up from
J8 up.
A YOUNG woman wants a place to do house-
work: city or short distance In, country.
Call or address MISS WALLACE, room 20,
1116 Mission st.
A PROTESTANT woman wants work by the
day; Is a good laundress; $1 and car fare.
Box S362, Call office.
WOMAN and grown son want work together
in mining or logging camp. Address I. M.,
box 2035, Call office.
DRESSMAKER, experienced, would like a few
more engagements by the day;. good cutter
and fitter; terms reascnable. Box 3971, Call.
WANTED — Sewing at home by competent
dressmaker. 1318 - Octavia st. -
A GOOD young woman wants to assist general
Sunday cr eve at dinner parties. 711 Webster.
RESPECTABLE woman wants to assist at
children's parties during holidays; references
good. Bcx 2061. Call. . - -.-
A YOUNG woman wants work by the day,
washing. Ironing or housework. - Address
456 Bryant st.
SWEDISH woman, flrst-class laundress and
housecleaner, wishes work by day. 905 Fol-
som Bt. . .
A COOK with flrst-class reference wants sit-
uation: Is good laundress; would go by the
day 1024 Howard St.. M. H.
A YOUNG woman wishes a position as work-
Ing housekeeper: kind to children. Address
box 3854, Call office.
HOUSEKEEPER'S place wanted by reliable,
experienced girl; good cook; good worker;
no answer unless fare. Box 3637, Call. .
LADY wc,uld like engagements singing In
church. 305 Larkln st., box 60. -
WOMAN would like a few places to go out
half day washing. 3275 Harrison st.
A MIDDLE-AGED lady wishes to take care of
Invalid. Address 729 Pine st.
WOMAN wishes to do plain' cooking.. 1439
Fifteenth st. ■ "j
WAXTED — A position as stenographer; refer-
ence given. Address box 3793. Call office. -
WANTED — Work, by the day; good washer and
cleaner. 241 Minna St., first floor..
:
BY American woman, situation as housekeep-
er; country preferred. Mrs. L., 1920 Market.
; YOUNG woman with a child wants position In
small family. Box 1709. Call ofCce.
E-IP— ■ OY1-~Z~T WAIT— EP— VJ-jTB.
AS attendant. In the near future, to" invalid or
mental patient by competent, reliable male
nurse and masseur; references. Box 3C39,
Call office. 1
FIP.ST-CLASS painter, polisher and paper-
hanger vrants position by month or year.
VEITH, 718 Vi Grove st.
WANTED — Position by ycung'man from the
Kast: good home preferred to high wages.
Box 3«47, Call office.
AN Al bass singer, young man, can reach low
C and D, wishes to join a good quartet. Ad-
dress A. ENGEL. 254 Turk st.
ELDERLY man wants work in private family;
nominal wages. Address bos 3C4«. Call.
YOUNG man. experienced In care of trotter*,
runners and flne carriage hcrses (has served
In. a British cavalry regiment), seeks em-
ployment of any kind. Box ' 3920, CalL
I FRENCH couple, both flrst-class cooks, desire
position in family, club cr hotel; 'city or
country; references. CHAS. . S, 11 Hopetoa
terrace.
RELIABLE, trustworthy man wishes a posi-
tion as collector: references, security and
1 salary to employer's satisfaction. Box 3S27.
Call office.
I AN experienced road salesman, traveling in
Pacific States ■ for Eastern : manufacturer,
wants a position with S. F. firm by Jan. 1.
Box Call orflce. >• '. .
GERMAN, well experienced - in ,wlne and
liquors, wants work in wine cellar or liquor
store; strictly sober and industrious; city or
country- H. S., 1074 Howard St., < room 3.
EAGER and wllllnjr young man wants position
as assistant bookkeeper. Address box 39iO
. Call office.
! A YOUNG man wants position as clerk' In
hardware" store; reference given. Box 396C
: . Call office.
WANTED — Situation as assistant bookkeeper
or bookkeeper for . small concern. Address
bcx 30S7. Call of flee. .; . ■-
DRAUGHTSMAN' would like additional wori
for evenings, either patent of flee or mechani-
cal drawing. Box 3919, Call office.'
SITUATION .wanted by Japanese flrst-class
butler; experienced: has good references.
Address GOTO. 407 Post St., cltv.
EXPERIENCED bookkeeper and cashier de-
• sires a position;' good . bond and reference
riven. Rox 3899.. Call '.office. .' '-• •
DREDGERMAN wonts position on clamshell
•machine: good blacksmith;- can take full
char?*: liox 3794. Call.
A SCANDINAVIAN man and wife want any
kind of work,, single or together, but no
; cooking; smali wages. Box 3831., Call office.
GERMAN (22V wants position of any kind-
: typewriter: speaks Spanish, French" and'
English.^- Box 3851. Call, of flee.
TOUNG; man wobJd like drive wagon E'j
- BENNETT, 10B5 Minna st. ■, - . .
Day and
— Nlitht class.
__cpi.o"sr__:_rp ' VJLlsr^^zZ^^^^'^'
W~vK'TED— By sotWr. . reliable, trustworthy,
honest man. with good moral habits and
references; position as bartender: long ex-
perience: no object as to salary, want *teaay
work. Eox 2210. Cmll office.
A YOUNG boy w'5*ies a position as errand
bcr. Inquire for R. M.. H»2 Folsom St.
STENOGRAPHER wants situation. Box 3DC0,
Call office. ■„
ELECTRICIAN'S apprentice wants position.
HERBERT MATER. 2415 Pacific ave.
TAILOR wants Job. 117 Ellis st.
A SITUATION as a watchman. JOHN
TOUNG. 112 n— en-!ch Ft.
PLUMBER wants r*sit'°n- G. MATTHAI.
31«1H Twtrty-fcarth st^
WANTED— Job as porter. G. H. RICHARDS.
131.1 Fcrty-seventh ave^
TOUNG man wants position as salesman. *0i
Pine _^
SHEET- METAL worker desires steady posi-
tion. Box 3837. Call.
WANTED— Position by man from the East;
I country preferred. Box 39S0. Call office.
JA^rAKESErTxperieTiced In both rooking and
hcusc— ork. d'Ftres iwfti^n as wrhool boy or
housework. Address HENRT HATANAKA.
2J*A O'FarreH «t. '
A JAPANESE boy wants w_k as porter: sa-
loon or store. Address H. ONO. 4, Central
place.
JAPANESE boy wants position at any kind of
wcrk: afternoons: city; has best recommenda-
tions; speaks welL K. N., 1276 Van Ness »•».
A CHINESE flrtt-clase cook wishes position.
hotel or boarding house. Address M. CHEE,
906 Clay irt. _________
CHINESE flrst-clasa cook wants place In
boarding-house, hotel and restaurant. 633
Washington st.
A NICE and youns Chinese cook wishes a
position In family. 122S Stockton et.
FIRST-CLASS Chinese competent cook wants
position; private place." W. C. 1110 Stockton.
_C__Z_— uu— B.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rhenm
or barber itch that I can't cure; a trial
treatment free-. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
r_jA_fc__— ,
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In $4,600.000 00
Surplus 940.901 80
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At wr.
Office — Ko. 14 Sansome st..
San Francisco, CaL
COMPANIES formed; mining or patents: stock
void: strong Eastern connections; advice fr* te.
Writ? A. F. HARASZTHY. 523 Crosaloy bldg.
___.T 3 TO _~T.
A — HOUSES and flats to Itt: an 1m rn «n«<» list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; it will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 242-68 Gea— ■
at., on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flat* to let; every de-
sirable vacant place in San Francisco oa
our lists: service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do tlie rest." Sterling iFariture Cora pany.
1039 Market St.. opp. MaAlUster.
DE LONO ave., 88, near Frederick — Upper
flat. 4 rooms and bath: all sunny; rent $20.
WILLIAM CRANSTON CO., 114 Montgom-
ery st.
A SUNNJT corner 6-room flat; bath; basement ;
naif block from Market st. ; Eighteenth aad
Castro st. carsw ■ 3945 Seventeenth st. /
NOE. 1052, corner Elizabeth — Sunny corntr up-
per flat; new; S rooms and bath; modern Im-
provements; convenient to 24th-Castro cars.
CASTRO. 433. nx. 17th-rSunny. — odirn middle
flat, 7 ims., bath, basement; flne view; $30.
DOLORES. 527, nr. 19th — Sunny tipper flat. 5
r. and bath; newly papered and painted; $13.
PAGE. 1737, nr. G. G. Park — Elegant new
upper flat, C sunny rooms and bath; cheap.
PINE. 2S10 — Sunny flat, 7 rooms, bath and
yard; rent $32 50.
SUNNY modern middle fla!. 7 rooms and bath.
649 Fel! St.. near Webster.
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let. Call
on LTON A HOAO. 118 Montgomery st.
FURNITURE and carpets the best: almost
new; half value. Call and see, 172S Page
st.; Cat modern and sunny, for rent.
"-ATS TO -ET— rTJ__~3__a>.
A NICELY furnished sunny flat of 6 room*
ard bath: very reascnable. 157 Seventh st.
near new Dostofflce.
FURNISHED bay-window flat. 3 sunny rooms:
near Third and Folsom. Inquire 191 7th st.
TXiATS WANTED.
FLAT of 6 or 7 rooms, bath, basement; frora
3d to 8th. nr. Market. Address 686 Jessie.
-■UKNITUR- WASTB9,
"WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS"— We pay
the most money for furniture, carpets, office
fittines, merchandise and houses. MARK J
LEVY AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market St.. be-
tween 9th ard 10th. Phone South 179.
ABE LEVY.
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. Jessie 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
nlture. etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture, than
d'filers cr will «ell on commission. L. H.
niJRD. anc 1636 Market: phone Jessie 2330.
CALL on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st., be-
fr»re filing vrnir fnrn'twr*. Phone Red 44«C
gTOKirinaE ro_ sa__.
HENRY MATER pay« highest prices for fur-
nlture. carpets, etc. 7S2 Mission: tel. Ttush 813
HELP WANT—) — P__CA__ .
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON OVER-
ALLS, JUMPERS AND COATS; NO EX-
PERIENCE NECESSARY: STEADY WORK;
GOOD PAY. LEVI STRAUSS £ CO.. 32%
FREMONT ST. MK. DAVI3.
IN OAKLAND. COR. 10TH AND CLAY STS..
SEWING MACHINE OPERATORS ON
OVERALLS: NO EXPERIENCE NECES-
SARY; STEADY WORK: GOOD PAY.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS. SHIRTS
AND COTTONADE PANTS. STANDARD
FACTORY. COR. GOUGH AND GROVE.
COMPOSITOR wanted, on, monthly; $9 week-
steady. 516 Commercial st.
WANTED — Wr— an to wait on table In small
chop house. 2C0 Elzhth Bt.
W i'\ N o TE -Pr; A *£' for hou « w °rl<: sleep home.
1008 Golden Gate ave.
NEAT »drl . to do central housework! 335
Dartiett at., near Twenty- fourth.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Cnutt*. ft p. — . Wednesday: salary no object.
WANTED— -Chocolat* dipper: $10 tft $12 per
week. Apply KELLER CANDY. CO. Oak'
Und. office 477 Seventh st.
LADIES for steady home employment: $S and
M2 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg. 927 Mar-
ket rt...iwm 61S.
WOMAN -to play piano 'for lessons. Heaver
Ihyw-cal Culture., 18M Flllmore st.
WANTED — Good cock and , housekeeper- 1
adults In family; wages $20. ■ Box SSiaTcilf.
SKIRT makers, first class, wanted. 234~PoTt
St.. - room 10. <^KBi33«f
WANTED— An experienced saleslady In waist
.department." Address 'box 3831. Call office.
TRAVELER for - business' house; training nec-
essary. Box 3778.- Call office.
HELP vrAUTEZ I — -T-tA—E — Coatt ami
A CHAMBERMAID for a privat- family. »2.-..
A German cock tvt a small German fam-
ily. *10.
A cook ami second sir! for a insall family
In Alam eda. $.'K> an<l ?2j.
A waitress for a plain hotel In -wintry. J20.
A waitress for a first-class bxt» , short dis-
tance o-t of city. (25.
5 girli for cooking and houFewo-k in srn all
families. In city. $2T. ar.d S.TO 7aM
MISS PLUNKETT 8.
425 Sutler St.. near PowelL
A — WANTED— Girls to learn ha:rdresslng.
manicuring, etc; trade taught fro— A to Z
, <n 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those ente.-lng now;
3 positions to till Immediately: positions
iruaracteed at *lf» week up; only recogn!i#-l
•'hcol vl Its kind en coast: <iay a-.d even-
rnjr cla— <es. 2Xt Geary »t.. room IS
WANTED— Glr!3 to learn millinery row for
spring season: both seasons tavisht frcm st3r:
to finish in one month for $3: poslt:oss as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up: 7 posit'ons to be fl.led by
first of year. Parlors 143 Stockton St.. r. IX
A— PACIFIC College teaches hairdr«sslng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc. ■ six hours'
practice- a day: guarantees positions: only
recognized college of its kind on ccast: day
awl evening classes: all parlor work at re-
dncfd prices. l.Tl Powell aU ; —
| A T3RANCH offlw cf The Call for the rc«--
| tfon of advertisement* and subscriptions hue
been opened at 1W8 Market St.. opposite
I Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
I ADV_RTIS_M_NTS. subscriptions reeetred at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan aod Chorch rts.
H—ljP WAMTBII M__— .
A-MfRBAT - READY. CM and C38 Clay st.
Pfccr.e Main 5846 .
THE RIGHT OF MAN TO LIVE; THJ3
RIGHT OF MAN TO ~OK_
Leading employment and Labor Ageata.
We gave In 1903 1904 we hope t»
60.000 men wcrk. Increase 60.000
MIXERS.
3 machine miners; good mine: $30.
5 saflmakers. city job. $2 50 to $4 day.
COOK AND WIF_,
Cook and wife as first and second: country
restaurant: $SO and found.
Milker and wife. Portuguese, A!a_e<_> C— «w
ty, $40 snd found.
FARMS AXX> DAIHIES.
10 farm hands, ranch teamsters: 8 milkers.
Chore— ax and chortboys. city and coo— try.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Cooks, waiters and kitchen hand—
Bell aad elevator boys>.
LAUOTRT.
Marker and distributor, country lassdxr, $S&
Dyer and cleaner, ccuntry Job,
4 STABLEMEN.
BOOKKEEPER. COUNTRY STORE.
Bookkeeper, country grocery. 30 to 40 y-_ra .
good references required. $73.
SPECIALS.
MINERS.
GOLD QUARTZ MTN-.
6 hand miners, good gold mine. $TS; feotst
accommodations, no blankets needed.
OREGON. COAL MINERS, OBXGOX.
OREGON.
10 coal miners for a good mine, by contract!
big money can be made on this- Job.
Fare refunded. Far* raftntdad.
STABLE51—X.
For a ec— pany stable, city: steady Job: $OX
BENCH HAND.
Bench hand, coc&try plasing mill. $3 50 day.
Man to run restaurant; good opening.
Young butcher, country shop. $23 and fo—ii.
MURRAY _ READY. 634 and 636 Cay it.
MTNERS— GOLD MUTES.
12 hand miners. $73.
FOR_MAX.
Foreman for a ditch gang. $50 an- tyosi.
Cock and wife for a boarding-house. $39
and found.
MURRAY - READY. €34 and £36 Clay 1
AMERICAN COMMERCIAL BUREAU.
Conducted en Strictly Business Priadples.
Positions secured for
Office men. Book***;*—.
Stenographers. Collectors,
Traveling salesmen. — «ou r<nt»_
Office managers. ■ Railroad ci«ri_.
Law office clerks. Hotel c.srks.
General office men rn all Baea of business.
302 Starr King bide.. 121 G«— ry st.
POSITIONS GCAJIANT__I>
To high-grade men who ean famish lndspat-
able testimony of ability a— 1 Integrity. Wet
.will investigate your references frev of charge.
Our commission Is payable only when we have)
succeeded in securing ycu a suitable position.
We conduct a fair and strictly legiUa at*
business, thereby meriting the entire confi-
dence of the business world. COMMERCIAL.
CLEARANCE CO.. 413 Starr Ki-g bulUtag.
121 Geary st.
MERCHANTS and manufacturers dsalrtax to
employ com m erdal travelers are requested
to communicate with the secret* ry of. the
Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers Associa-
tion. 416 Market St.. S*n Francisco. G_.
. AT HORD - SMITH'S.
Contractors" Agents. 9S Third st,
Teamsters. Bay shore. $X
Solicitor, tea and coffee, big Inducement—
Man for dye works, experienced. $20.
WANTED^ — Clerks, bookkeepers aa a sten-
ographers to prepare for Govern: aeat posi-
tions m Panama; particulars free; apply at
once. Pacific Correspondence Institute,
Grant bldg.. 1095 Market st.
ANDRE'S OFFICE. 317 STOCKTOSf ST.
Carpenters, country. $2 a day aad toxinii
kitchen hand. $7 a week; paat— — __ , $23;
cook. $13 a week. etc.
GOOD barber. 947 Flllmore «t. corner MeAUl*-
ter; union waxes.
BOY about IS for men's furnlshlas; store |
German preferred. 424 Keamy st.
BOOTBLACK for barber shop. 202 O'rarrs-
street.
GOOD bedmaker wanted. M Turk it.
FOR SALE— S-chalr barber shop. Call 8C4
Folsom, st.
MEN — The only original Moler Barber CbCeg*
teaches barber trade la 8 weeks; wages)
earned while learning.
New quarters and new appliances.
Call or write, for illustrated catalos— e-
Moler Barber Collere. «49 Sacramento st.
Lately mov«d from Clay st.
PLEASANT faced, flne appearisc registered
physician and surgeon: must be quite gray,
but active: cositlvely no other; no traveling-
salary f2C0 or more when well started. Call
at 25 Third st.
WANTED — Educated gentleman to visit small
to— rs to write short articles for —a* turn
magazine: $10«O per year; local refs. re-
qulred. ■ Box 40CO. Call.
WANTED— Men to prepare for railway mall.
Internal revenue and custom-house positions;
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Iasti-
tute. Grant bldg.. 1C93 Market: open ergm.
WANTED — Laborer* and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 25O rooms: 23c to 50c j)er night.
DETECTIVES — Every locality: good salary;
experience unnecessary. Interstate Detective
Agency. Milwaukee. WIs.
WANTED — One or two men to learn a trade;
must have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
Call 212 First st.
WANTED — Night engineer familiar with elec-
tric generator and steam power. Apply
Alaska Codfish Co.. 17 Davis st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting* 23a
to 6Cc. 571 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts
or 11 Third st.. Examiner bulldlar.
OFFICE boy. abcut tft one who lives at horns.
Address O B.. box 3792. Call.
GILLETT3 school is the place to learn th«
barber trade. «ll Commercial st.
TWO men to learn the barber trade ; abso-
lutely free. 7ol Mission st.
BRIGHT, energetic young man by tea Im-
porting house: state aj— and references. Ad-
dress box 2CoO, Call office.
COLORED porter wanted In barber shop. 607
Laguna st.
WANTED — Young man to work for his tuition
In S. F. Barber School. 741 Howard st.
SAILORS fcr Jeep water ships at HERMAN'S.
20 and 27 Steuart st.
WANTED — A secend-hand-tee plant. Inxxnedl*
ntely. Box 1C90. 10"!S Market st.
MEN to learn the detective busine_»: pall
while learning. M7 Market st^room 104.
MEN wanted at I~7 3d St.. where shoes are re-
paired, by machinery: sewed roles 10 mm.. 73c-
W.' V TED- Men to flu .T5O rooms at 20c per
night: clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light In every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
LABOR "debt!- collected: suits, attachment*.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 323 Montgy.. r. 413.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 30
. pair; foot-form fhoes. $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.: open till 9 p.m.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third st.. ne«r Mar-^
. ket — 700 ; rooms; 35c ' night: ressdjng rooms;
tt*» 'bus and baggage to aad from ferry.THAN ANY OTHER MEDIUM — i ISING IN SAN rRANCISCO
HEX.P WASTED— MAT-E— Co.ttp.ned.
■.'fAlLORS and young men (green hands) f«
, snips. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson et.
rENKrON atty^. E. A. BuHis. r. 40. Phelan bid.*
. Part Ccm. Geo. U. Thomas Poet. G. A. R.
A BRANCH office cf The Call for the recep^
. tlon cf advertisements and subscriptions has
. • r»*n opened at 1008 Market st. cppoalte
.- Fifth. Open until 11 p. rn.
• ADVERTISEMENTS. FUbscriptloss received at
office, cor. Duncan and Church.
-iLL adzes men's shoes, slightly damaged. *ftf
• rrice. 5 .x Mission st.. bet let and 2d sts.
'. " " SOLICITORS WA-TTEP.
VMMED1ATELY. 50 working solicitors, $3 di>
• 'az.ry; pay evfry r.'.ght 340 Ooasley bldg.
*v ANTED— Ledin rr gentlemen to solicit
Oul at room 30, Winchester Hotel.
' .____acoissrs ato jBTAOoarx. _
tale— Vehicles of all deserlptlons"sUgntry
<*.amsg<ed by fire, smoke and water, to be sold
at a eacrifice during next 5 days at O'BRIEN
" «fc SONS'. oOO Golden Oate ave.
"TVO very etyllsh horree for driving or rld-
inr: one is high acting cob. beautiful tad-
tier, juet from country. 811 Ninth et
'TUB. quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Ool-
• leg.- new ready; mailed free upon application
..- to DR. E. J. CREELY. Pres.. 510 Golden Gate.
CARLOAD ger.tle business buggy and livery
horses. E. STEWART A CO.. 220 Valencia.
FOR sale — A business buggy; O'Brien n_k«;
see and make cCer. Box 1S35, Call office.
TTV.O yousg horses $100 each; weight 1150
lbs.: guar. Eagl» Brewing Co..l8ta-Barrtioa.
FOR tzle — 10 sewed-han express wagons, one
•»lr.gle jrack. 233 Beale st
j AUCTION aale of horses, wagons and harness
every Weeper lay at 11 a. . m. 8*7 Sixth st
' -. HOUSES TO I.ET.
•A— PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
. culas. G. K. U MBS EN A CO.. 20 Montgomery
: A NICE runny 11 -room house; S17 Grove st
, rtar Webeter; basement laundry, yard;
•■-. c— c convenience; rent reasonable. WIL-
• LIAM CRANSTON CO.. 114 Montgomery st
. CXFCBXXSHJSD cr partly furnished home;
•Prt*;filo Heights; 8 rooms acd bath. Box
;T37. Call office.
i KbUSE. 6 rooms and bath. Inquire 128
. Xtiy rt.
: . houses to let — ruBinsHxs.
■.BARTLETT. 434— rurni«hed 4. 5 or 8 roo_s;
:. ■'? tO .4 3. m. r. «-'
_[ . v _ gQTTfl-S.
: IfdrEL BALTTMORE. 101S~Van'Ne«s ave.—
Th!» first -class hotel, new being conducted on
•.-American plan, especially for families for the
»-...•.:. or year. Location Is unsurpassed. The
are all modern, with every oon-
• ver.ier.ee. The rooms are large, sunny and
. .cck:T enable; superb view; furnishings are all
• 'elegant Cuisine hiphert order. H. C. SHAN.
'NON. man— rer. formerly of Hotel L— ngham,
. N*— Trrk. ar3 M"»r.i Hotel. Honolulu.
• _ _jnfSTAi.T. -TErrr dut_diicg.
■ building' construction compant.
•Jritallmcct homes. 512 Ca!laghan building,
"will build on your property or buy you a lot;
• . $S a mrrth pays principal and Interest on
'• *-arti $H«k> of balance due, making your ln-
. .«r.a:'.Tr*r.?s '^~ than rent; send for circular.
._• nrrntTME a ts.
'. SdA'RCONI Wirtlesa stock, as also any other
eefurity at bargain prices; write me your
wants; niy service uneqyaled In the West;
prompt enl satls'actory. E. COWPER-
TUV.'AITF.. Stockton. Cal.
j; -OST A-TD POTJ-TD.
JUQST — Going from DevUadero and Eddy sts.
\n Goiden Gate Park, a tan colored hand
. • "satrhel containing Jewelry. Finder please
return to O. T. GRUNDEL, 1911 Eddy «t.
r or n^S Bush Et., room 4; reward at finder's
terms.
L"OfcT— On Key route. Dec. 22, lady's hand
. >::■'-■•: containing pair of f>pectacles, gent's
• geld watrh and email amount of money; the
::..-- i> .:. be *ultably rewarded by leaving
>■;::• at room &19. eighth noor. Mills bulld-
Ing. g. F.
LOST— A part njastefs Masonic Jewel, on De-
' -ceirtber 25; inscription on back, fiultabie re-
ward will b« pafa on returning same to
GEOF.GE L. DARLING. 114 Post ft, or
\ S251 Twenty-first st.
LPST — Sunday afternoon. Dec 11. at beach,
-rou'th of Park, black Scotch collie bitch.
. Suitable reward if returned to 1326 Forty-
_r.ir.th aw.. Boulevard station, or for lnfor-
, "rnetica of whereabouts.
1/>?T — Liberal reward for return of package of
• .rilverware left in Alaraeda train Christmas
-• •afternoon. 1<**5 Benton «t., Alameda, cr 373
- 'Jones nt.. City.
, LJ>FT on 11:30 south-bound train for Ban
Mateo. a gold purse with vanity box at-
: fached. marked E. H. E. ; $25 re— ard. Be-
*- tara ttt H - T - 6COTT. 222 Market st.
lady who picked up alligator grip on
Mission st, bet. Twentieth and Twenty-first.
. fn;:n Mission-st. car, please return to 1533
. ■ California at tr.d receive reward ?
*LOFT — Near Fourth ar:<i Market; lakes' gold
hunting case watch; fieur de lls pattern with
■brooch; reward. W. K. B.. box 307. Vallejo. ,
-CaL*
LOST — A passbook with Hib«»rnia Saving* and
Loan Society cf San Francisco In the name
'. it JOSEPH OLIVA. No. 1*4-718; the finder
• erfll j.!ea?e return to bank.
"iy*>ST — Stag-bom toilet set on steamer Berke-
•. l*y. H. HARRISON, 2124 Pacific ave.,
\ A lamed*.
ETP.ATED — Red raul^y cow, about to calve.
*. HrmAX BROS.. 32(5 Victoria St. Oceanview;
. rt.ward.
LOST— Young collie bitch with cellar and 11-
. . orw; liberal reward. Return to 1825 Broad-
• : »•»>•■
LOST — Gold bar i>in with stone setting and
tglfl star attached: reward. 112 r>u!ah st
." . mmcHES ros graa,
• C- A. McNniLL LAUNCH CO.. foot or Clay
rt.: fcr pleasure and business: tel. Bush 634.
MATTBXSSrS AITD PILLOWS.
TO oro^r: renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
• ;•■*«-•: .■>>':•—• carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. J432-34 Howard «t. : phone South 218.
I. ,<— EPICA—.
:' LADIES who are In trouble or euCering from
. any ailment peculiar to their Bex can find
• -.remediate relief ty consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in £an Francisco
" %ho has devottd a lifetime to helping women;
•* 17' years' experience without a failure h— s
put him at the bead. He guarantees relief or
do pay.
1 • DR. WHITE. 7C2 Market st.. rooms 7 and 8.
." DR. G. W. O'DONXEU. — AH who are elck or
. In trouble consult thi* specialist on female
oortplalntt: poMively corrected; the unfortu-
•^naw htlped; the most difficult cases treated:
•very eat* taken: Immediate relief; no poj-
' ioKlrr drugs; low fee*; rey methods will cure
all ca*w» of irregularity; by consulting me
save time and mosey; advice free. Ofnce.
. ids Market st.
LADIES — PowFlbly I'm not the cbeap«*t nor yet
the' oldest epeclallst h*re. but I AM a RE-
LIABLE graduate pbyElclan. When in trou-
-. "tie cenflde In nn». Irregularities relieved;
. the unfortunate helped; I promtse best attrn-
• tlon and no danger: I guarantee prompt re-
l mlts or no rhsrjce. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
UR E. G. WEST, office 3CS Kearny st
tits. GOODWIN ha« returned from Europe;
«-tah. IhM in S. F.; 2C years' experience;
• '■;..(.> cotcplaltits only: Drs. Goodwin is well
known to enjoy the implicit confidence of la-
Clrt suffering from irregularities or other
. conditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay: fee low;, hours 2 to 4 and 6:30 to 8:30
p. tn. 853 Market et. eecond noor, room '41.
■ SKS. DR.' KOHL, reliable rpeclsJiet for all fe-
rr.ale troubles and Irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranfgfl. 10QSH Market et. opp. 5th.
■ V ;.:-•. DR WYETTH. specialist for all female
' • .-.; ".fclr-f and irregularities: . Instant relief
guaranteed: SO rear*" experience. 644 Post st.
Kiln. DR. ALLEN. lad>*' epeclalist. removed
from 1118 Market to £28 M4t>e!on it., near
.Fourth; borne In confinement; 25 years' expe-
rusacc; beet me«!<-»l ettentlon: low fees.
-SADIES «ufferir.z tram Irregularities, sick or
In trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny;
• relief guaranteed; waete no time with drugs.
TALBOT BARNARD. A-jrtrallan Nerve Spe-
cialist, has arrived; limited number patients
'^treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
c lfxp*rts. mafseur and masseuse, by hour; rheu-
Tnetlmn. neuralgia relieved Instantly. 3$56,CaU
DR. and MRsTBaVIES and HINDOO HERBS;
original method of treatment 1228 Market
LaIjIFS — Komround: safe, enre, never falls;
$2. Gleaeon-Rugglee Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
PR. ROSEN, residence 2385 Foisom Bt, corner
26th; Utles, rtlief or no fee; $10.
AN eaisy way to give Christmas presents with-
cut straining your purse: Select anything
from our large stock of diamonds, watches.
Jewelry*, cut-glass eilverware. gold and silver
umbrellas, etc.; deliver you the goods on first
payment; the balance in small installments;
no charge for engraving; call tn and exam-
ine our goods. UNITED LOAN AND TRUST
CO.. 21 Stockton st. near Market Phone
Bush 4£4.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAKT ~*
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
rocf? Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for ©Id and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about It Klatertte Roofln* Co., 713 Market
2D-HAND machinery, engines, boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc, etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. a WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOEH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery en-
finea. boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc WHITELAW. 253-255 Bpear st
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full drese
Tuxedo or Princ* Albert suitai J. COOPER!
21 Stockton st (formerly. at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair*
toot-form shoes at $2 SO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st.. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payment*. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st. room 12. upetalrs.
AN Megant sealskin, good as new. only $70
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST Cot 21 Stock-
ton wt. eecond floor.
BEAUTTFUL white Polar bear akin at a sac-
rifice- nlee holiday present Fur store. 11
City Hall square.
CIP.CULARS distributed, $1 1000; best wortci
best references; 13 years' experience. Box
8804. Call.
WIDOW will sell husband's watch and dla-
mond chain cheap. 131 Montgomery, rm. 9.
HANDSOME* long Isabella fox stole; coot $35;
accept $12. Call 1008 Halght st.
TOWEY"S furniture polish removes spots and
stains; tre* delivery. 370 Fell st.
SAFES and cash registers; new and second -
hand. I FREEMAN. 1325 Market st
2D-HAND bldg. material: lumber, door, sash.
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market
DESKS bought sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission st ; teL South 81L
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargain. Bullard & Breck. 131 Post st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches'
all sires. J. E. DOAK. 4g Fremcnt st
ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.
HartTr.ann Paint Co.. 31« Third: tel. Main 413.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAAA— BUYS any amount good second-hand
clothing: special price for fancy ladies' and
men' 8 clothes. »22 Foisom; tel. Foisom 3522.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel. Davis 825. 650 Sacramento st
INVENTORS desirous of selling or borrowing
money on their patents, call at United Loan
end Trust Co., 21 Stockton st, 2d floor; phone
Bueh 4£4.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER & CO., r. 406. Adams
bldg.. 200 Kearr.y St.: phone Black 3036. V
tHOTTET TO I.OA2T.
AtA^X)^A~CONFIDENTIAL~an^ reputable
place to borrow money on the following:
Salaries.
Life Insurance policies.
Chattel mortgages. ■-_"*.
Undivided interest*.
Goods in bond.
Lesrarcic*.
Second and third mortgages.
Estates in probate.
Life estates.
Rents.
Special department for loans to ladles on
their notes.
Private offices for ladies and gentlemen.
UNITED LOAN AND TRUST CO.,
21 Stockton st. near Market,
' - - 2d floor. Phone Bush 484. -
AAAA — THE Portland Jewelry Co. will make
you very liberal loans on your diamonds,
sealekin or any valuables at the low rate Of
two (2) per cent per month; If you do not
wish to call, phone ua <phone Bush 4?4) and
the manager of our loan department will call
on you; all business strictly confidential
25 STOCKTON ST.. NEAR MARKET.
Private offices at 21 Stockton 6t, 2d floor.
N. B. — The only loan office west of New
York that has a fire and burglar proof vault
en tha premises; free use cf tame to all cus-
tom ra-
— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
....INTEREST &V4 AND 6 PER CENT
CITY, OAKLAND TOWN AND, COUNTRY
FliOPEItTY
S«-cond mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests In prop-
erty, probate realty loans, etocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107- 1«S Crocker bids. ; prone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
C0l-cu2-Co:> Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Bave expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, eecond mortgages, undivided inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in tni6t.
etc.: legacies life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
Bee HERMAN MURPHf.
" wiliTloan "
A reasonable amount on
1st 2d or 3d
Mortgages, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
of property.
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
_____________ „
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bldg.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
cer ' cent interest Baldwin Jewelry Store.
978 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 1192
Market and 27 Third.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgagee or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER. 38 Geary, room 3tt.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamrters. boarding-houses, without
security: easy payments; large business In 48
principal cltleg. TOLMAN. S53 Parrott bldg.
ANY amount quickly on furniture or piano
without removal: other security; fairest
rates: strictly confidential: no commit. Na-
tional Credit Co., 508 Donoboe bid., 8 Taylor
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamond-, peaxia and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamonds or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co.,r._3 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or planes; no removal;
no commission: na publicity: $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California st. rooms 14 and 15.
SALARIED ' people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 123-127 Phelan bldg. Prlvate.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watche*. Jewelry;
ccefd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., .722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
u*. Hutton Credit Co., 912 Mutual Back bid*.
i i 1
I STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
' employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds i Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3* ON furniture ft pianos: $15 up; do removal;
no com. V. TREM AIN. room 81, g Eddy st
CASH loaned ealsrted people on notes without
Indorser. MORREtX. 609 Examiner building.
arusxcAXt igsT_trni~~TS.
'jTbunchof bargains. ~™~.
1 Haake $38; 1 Decker. $48; 1 StoddarO. $110;
1 Fl-cber. $125. ALgo
1 Sterling. 1 Steinway. 1 Curtai. 1 Vose.- 1
Weber 1 Halnes, and many others. Easy pay-
ments. BEN J. CURTAZ &. SON. 18 O'Far-
rell st -'.-'■■'- " '' "- ' ''"■■'■'■-'-'
A GREAT opportunity — We are closing out
our entire Seattle Btock In S. F. at price*
never heard of before; all makes; your
terms are our terms; rent* $2 up; allowed If
purchased HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary et.J S. F.; Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
PARTY rnurt sell large Steinway upright; cost
$700; price $285; will accept payments;- no
reasonable cash offer refused. 237. Geary at.
$60 UPRIGHT: one $30 upright; one : . good
»o.u»re, $20. HORNUNG. 216, McAllister, st
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 2G, 1904.
MUSlCAtJ^^^Tj M j^ TS __continued.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
cfaased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. BgO Hayea st
A SMALL Steinway upright: cost. $500; $1S5
■ takes It. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright; cost $350; will sell for $9«.
237 Geary st. j
ELEGANT uprights.new & 2<Thand,$45 to $500.
Pleroe's Piano Factory. Market and 14th «ts.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy pianos Cecellan piano
Player.. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post st ,
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. SCHMITZ St CO., 16 McAllister st
8-FEDAL Steinway up; Chlckerlng baby grand;
Ehonlnger. little used. Keeffe'a. 285 O'Farrell.
orrxcES and stokes to let.
FOR rent — Second floor, front; fine new build-
ing; Mission st; 2Sx56; plenty of light ana
sun; elevator for freight; electric lights:
splendidly suited for a manufacturer's
agent or light Jobbing; will subdivide to
suit tenant If taken at once; rent $75.
SCOTT fc GILBERT CO., 802 Davis «t
SOON vacated, established location, suitable
dentist; rent very cheap. WHIGHAM, 833
Market st _^
■ _ _ ■ _ PSBSOHAIA^^
MEN suffering with rheumatism. Insomnia,
nervousness or poor circulation seeking
health, will find it to their advantage to see
me before going anywhere else. I give sci-
entific body massage, electricity or vibration
at my of flee; terms reasonable. PROF.
HAMMERSTEIN, 1710 Sutter St., B. F.
AA— WHY look old?
Fifteen day rate will now be given by MME.
GILLINGHAM: a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles and pufnness removed from one side J
cf the face can be seen dally; write for book- j
let. 143 Stockton St., cor. Geary. 1
SPECIAL BETWEEN SEASON LOW RATES
this week for facial beautifying; a face with-
out a wrinkle with the contour and fresh
color of youth may be had through my
scientific treatment; consultation and book-
let free. M. ELLA HARRIS, 128 Geary st
•'REXRADIO'S wond-rful HUMANIZED RA-
DIUM treatment has CURED "multitudes"
of alleged INCURABLE diseases: TESTI-
MONIALS. REFERENCES, INTERVIEWS;
hours 2 to 7; 1 Fourth, cor. Market; CIR-
CULAR.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves its growth, stops falling, cures dandruC
and itching scalp; no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp; at druggists', hairdressers' ;ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co., 1338 Polk
I AM going to the Century Restaurant at
1069 Market et. for the best Christmas din-
ner In the city: be sure and come; home-
made dressing for turkey.
NOTICE — Any one desiring to become master
or their own destiny and become an Initiate
In the Cabala for information. The Philo-
sophical Pub. Co.. 1429 Market st
ON and after this date I will not be respon-
sible for any debts contracted by my wife,
Helen F. Hlckey. C. T. HICICEY.
WOULD like promoter on the patenting of
novelties and other utilities:- CHAS. E.
HUNTER. 201% Polk st .
HAIR growers. Are you using the right one?
Best recipes and treatment for each kind of
baldness. All 25c. Box 14, Shfteprancb. Cal.
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1S89. 2122 Flllmore st.; phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for cults, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor, 721 Market st
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO., 340 Post st. near Powell.
G.— MERRY Christmas and Happy New Year
G.
COR. laundry, barber shop, cigars, tobacco,
newspapers; suits cleaned. 300 Golden Gate.
FACIAL massage and manicuring parlors. ■ 203
Powell st, parlor 1.
MR3. DR. GWYER 51 1 A Leavenworth st, be-
tween G«ary and 'O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
FACE massage and electric treatments, newly
opened parlors. 104 Kearny St., 2d floor, r. 2.
6UITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors. 729 Market st .<
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS, 1127
Market «t., between Seventh and Eighth. '
ONE dollar weekly keeps you In fine • clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St Nicholas.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mn.
Eaton, 3C9 Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary, r.SS.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes, play bocks, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its natural color. $1 at all druggists'.
FHTBICIAR8 ART* STTROEONS.
DR. C. C O'DONNELL — Office and residence,
KC1 Va Market st., bet. Gth and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market st
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason Bt. now lo-
cated at CG7 Geary et.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO, the famous herb doctor — All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 740-8 Clay st
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EARS
positively cured; new methods; one week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottincham. 204 Sutter.
PUBCHASINO AGEITCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkin st:. room 49; tel. South 319.
PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented," F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st
UKITED STATES GOVERNMENT.
NOr!cE~of Restoration of Publio~Lands "ito
Settlement and Entry — Department of the
Interior, General Land Office, Washing-
ton. D. C. October 7, 11)04: Notice Is here-
by given that, on September 20, 1904, the
Acting Secretary of the Interior restored to
settlement the public lands in the following
described areas, which were temporarily
that the said public lands eo restored to set-
tlement on September 20. 1904. will become
withdrawn for forest reserve purposes; and
subject to entry, tiling and selection at the
respective United States Land Oiflces for
the several Land Districts in which 1 ' the
lands lie, viz.: Visalia, Stockton, Sacra-
mento. Marysvllle. Eusanvilie and Redding,
California, on January 31, 1905: Townshi?
twenty-eight (28) South, Range twenty-eight
128) East; Township twenty-eight (28)
routh. Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town-
ship twenty-seven (27) South, Range twen-
ty-eight CM) East; Township twenty-sevea
(27) Eouth. Range twenty-nine (29) East;
Township twenty-six (26) Bouth, Range
twenty-nine t'.".i) East; Township twen-
I ty - six 126) South, Range thirty (30)
J East; Township twenty-five (25) South,
I Kange twenty-nine (20) East; Town-
ship twenty-five (25) South, Range thirty
(30) East; Township twes ty-four (24) Eouth,
Kange twenty-nine (20) East; Township
- twenty-four (24) South, Range thirty (30)
East; Township twenty-three (23) South,
Range twenty-nine (29) East;- Township
twenty- two (22) South, Range twenty-
nine (29) Earn;- Township twenty-one (21)
6outh, Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town-
thip twenty (20) South, 'Kange twenty-eight
(2b) East; Township twenty (20) South, Range
twenty-ulne (29) East; Township nineteen
(IS) South, Range twenty-eight (2S) East,
Township nineteen (19) South, Range twen-
ty-nine (29) East; Township eighteen (18)
Eouth, Range twenty-eight (2S) East; Town-
ship eighteen (18) South, Range twen-
ty-nine (29) East; Township - seventeen
(17) South. Range • twenty-seven •■ (27)
Bast; Township seventeen (17) South Range
twenty-tight (2S) East; Towmhip seven-
teen (17) South, Kance twenty-nine (29)
East; Township sixteen (16) . South, x Range
twenty-fix (26) East: Township sixteen > (16)
"Bouth. Range twenty-seven (27) East; in
Township Sixteen (1«) South. Range twenty-
eight (2S) East, Section* four t4), .five (6).
six (6), seven , <7). eight (S), nine (9), and
. Sections fifteen (15) to thirty. six (36), both
Inclusive; Township fifteen (15) South,
Range twenty-six (26) East; * Township fif-
teen (15) South, Range twenty-seven (27)
East; In Township fifteen (15) South, Range
twenty-eight (2S) East. Sections three (3)
to nine (9), both inclusive, sixteen (18) to
twenty-one <21). both inclusive, and twenty-
eight <2S) to thirty-three (33). both inclu-
sive: . Township fourteen (14) South;. Range
twenty-five (25) East; Township ' fourteen
(14) South. Range twenty-six (26) East;
Township fourteen (14) South,; Range
twenty-teven (27) East; Township thir-
teen (13) South. Range twenty - four
(24) East; Township thirteen (13) .South
Kange • twenty-five ■ (25) ■ East; in Township
thirteen (13) South, Range twenty-six (2tf)
East, west half of . Section , four (4), Sections
five (5), six (6). seven. (7). eight <6).'.-NW-.%
of Section nine (9), Sections seventeen ' (17),
eighteen (18). • nineteen (19), twenty (20), and
Sections twenty-five (25) ■ to thlrty-slx .-(36).'
nwrxEp_sTATEa i^ovebxtmeht— -con.
both Inclusive; Township twelve (12) South
Range twenty-four (24) East; . In Township
- twelve --(12) South, Range twenty-five (23j
East, Sections four (4).- five (5), six (6), seven
(7), eight (8), nine (9). Sections sixteen (16)
to twenty-one (21), both inclusive, all of
Sections twenty-two (22). twenty-three (23)
twenty-four (24), lyins south of Kings River
and Sections twenty-five (23) to thirty-six
(3(i), both inclusive; Township eleven (11)
South, Range twenty- three (23) East; Town-
ship eleven (11) South, Range twenty-four
(24) East: in Townahip eleven (11) South
Range twenty-five (25) East, Sections ava
(5). six (0), seven (7), eight (8), nine (9)
: Sections sixteen (16) to twenty-one (21)
both inclusive, and Sections twenty-elcht
(28) to thirty-three (33). both inclusive-
Township ten (10) South, Range twenty-two
(22) East; Township ten (10) South. Ranse
twenty- three (23) East; Township ten (io>
South, Range twenty-four (24) East- Town-
ship nine (8) South, Range twenty-two (22)
East; in Township nine (9) South Range
, twenty-three (28) East, that part of Section
eighteen (IS) lying south of the San Joaquin
River, Section nineteen (19), that part of
; Section twenty (20) lying west of the San
•Joaauin River, that part of Section twenty-
nine (29) lying west of the San Joaqula
"River, Sections thirty. (30) and thirty-one
(81), that part of Section thirty-two (32)
lying eouth of the San Joaquin River that
part of Section thirty-three (33) lying south
of the San Joaquin River, Section thirty-four
(34) and S H and NW % of SecUon thirty-
nve; Townahip eight (8) South, Range twen-
ty (20) East; Township eight (S) South,
Range twenty-one (21) East; In Township
eight (S) South, Range twenty-two (22) East, '
Sections seven <7) to thirty-six CM), both j
" Inclusive, Township seven (7) South, Range j
twenty (20) East; in .Township ' seven (7)
\ Bouth, Range twenty-one .»21) East, Sec-
Mons six <6) to eleven (11). both Inclusive,
Sections fourteen (14) to twenty-three (23),
both Inclusive, and Sections twenty-six (20)
to thiriy-six <3ti). both Inclusive; Township
fix. (0) South. Range nineteen (19) East; Town,
chip six (6) South. Range, twenty (2U) East;
Township live (5) South, Range nineteen (lit)
East; Township five (5) South. Range twen-
ty (20) East; in Township ten (£0) North,
Range eighteen (IS) East. Sections one (1),
two (2), eleven ill), twelve (12), thirteen
(13), fourteen (14)-, twenty-three (23), tweu>-
ty-four (24), twenty-five (20), twenty-six i
(26) and twenty-seven (27); Township nine-
teen (19) North, Range seven (7) Kasi; Town-
ship twenty (^0) North. Range seven (7) East;
In Township twenty (20) North, Range eight
(S) East, Sections one (1) to thirty-three
(33), both inclusive; Township twenty-four
(24) North, Range two (2) East; Township
twenty-four (24) North, Range three Co)
East: Township twenty-four (24) North.
Range four (4) East; In Township twenty
(20) North. Range fifteen (15) East, Sections
two (2), four (4). five (6). six (8) and eight
(8) ; In Township twenty (20) North, Range
sixteen (1G) East. Sections two (2), three (3),
eleven (11), thirteen (13) and fourteen (14);
S H ol Township twenty-one (21) North,
Range fifteen (15) East; Township twenty-
cne (21) North. Range sixteen (16) East; in
Township twenty-two (22) North, Rang«
fourteen (14) East, Sections three (3) to ten
(10). both Inclusive, fifteen (15) to twenty-
two (22) both Inclusive, and twenty-seven
(27) to thirty-four (34), both" inclusive; In
Township twenty-two (22) North, Range six-
teen (16) East, Sections one (1) to three (3).
both inclusive, nine- (9) to sixteen (ltt), both
inclusive, twenty-one (21) to twenty-eight
(28). both inclusive, and thirty-two (32) to
thirty-six (36), both inclusive ; Township
twenty-two (22) North. Range seventeen (17)
East; Township twenty-two (22) North,
Rang/) eighteen (18) East; in Township
twenty- three (23) North, Range fourteen
(14) East, Sections thirteen (13), . twenty-four
(24), twenty-five (25). twenty-six (26), twen-
ty-seven (27), twenty-eight (23), thirty-two
(32), thirty-three (33), thirty-four (34),
thirty-five (35) and thirty-six (38); in Town-
ship twenty-three (23) North, Range fifteen
(15) East, Sections thirteen. (13) to eighteen
(18). both inclusive; In Townahip twenty-
three (23) North, Range sixteen (1G) Eaat,
Sections eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen
(13) *nd fourteen (14); In Township twenty-
three (23) North, Range seventeen (17) East,
Sections one (1) to five (5). both Inclusive,
and Sections seven (7) to thirty-six (36),
both inclusive; Township twenty-three (23)
North, Range eighteen (18) East; In Town-
ship twenty-four (24) North, Range nine (9)
East, Sections ten (10), eleven (11). twelve
(12), thirteen (13). fourteen (14), fifteen |15),
sixteen (16), twenty-one (21), twenty-two
(22), twenty- three (23) and twenty-four (24);
In Townahip twenty-four (24) North, Range
seventeen (17) East, Sections one (1) to four
(4), both Inclusive, E »£-of Section five (5),
E Vi of Section eight (S), Sections nine" (9)
to' sixteen (10), both inclusive. Sections twen-
ty-two (22) to twenty-seven (27), both Inclu-
sive, and Sections thirty-three (33) to
thirty-six (3U). v both inclusive: Town-
. "hip twenty-four ■ (24) North." Range
eighteen . (16) East; In Township twenty-
five (25). North.' Rangs sixteen- (16) East.
Sections one (1), two (2).. three (3), ten (10),
eleven (11). twelve (12). . thirteen (13), four-
teen (14), twenty-threo (23). twenty-four (24)
and twenty-five (26); Township twenty- five
(25) North, Range seventeen (17) East;
Tcwnshlp twenty-five (25) North, Ranee
eighteen (18) East; in Township twenty-six
(2ti) North, Range ten (10) East, Sections
one (1), five (5). six <©. seven (7), eight (8),
Bine (9), twelve (12), N % of Section thir-
teen (13). Sections fourteen (14), sixteen
(16), seventeen (17). eighteen (IS), Sections
nineteen (19> to twenty-three (23), both In-
clusive, Sections twenty- six (26) to thirty
(30), both Inclusive, and Section thirty-five
(35); In Townehlp twenty-six (26) North,
Range fifteen (15) East. Sections one (1),
: two (2). three (3). N % cf Section five (5),
N hi of Section six (C), and Sections eUven
(11) and twelve (12); In Township twenty-
seven (27) North, Range twelve (12) East.
Sections twenty-three (23) and twenty-four
(24); In TownEhip twefity-seven (27) North,
Range fourteen ' (14) East, Sections eight (b).
nine (»). fifteen (15), sixteen (16f, twenty-
two (S3)i -twenty-three (23), twenty-four
(24), twenty-five (25), twenty-six (2G), thirty-
five (35) and thlrty-slx (3(J); Township twen-
ty-eight (28) North, Range nine (St) East;
In Township twenty-eight (2S) North. Rang*
thirteen (13) East, Sections twenty-four (24)
and .twenty-five (25); in Township thirty-
tour (34) North, Range ten (10) West, Seo-
tions seven (7). eight (8), nine <0), sixteen
116), seventeen (17), eighteen (18), nine-
teen (19), twenty (20), twenty-one (21),
twenty-eight (2S), twenty-nine (29). thirty
(30). thirty-one (31), thirty-two (32) and
thirty- three (33); In Township thirty-four
(34) North, Range seven (7) West, Sections
twenty-five <25), thirty-nve (35) and thlrty-
. six (36); Township > thirty-four (84) North.
' Range six (6) West; Township thirty-four
(34) North. Range five (5) West; N % of
Township thirty-four (34) North. Range four
(4) West: Township thirty-five (35). North,
Range five (5) West; Township thirty-five
(35) North, Range four (4) West; Township
thirty-five (35) North, Range three (3) W«st;
Township thirty-five (35) North, Range two
(2) West; W % of Township thirty-five (35)
North, Range one (1) West; S % of Township
thirty- *lx (36) North, Range four (4) West;
Township thlrty-slx (36) North. Range three (3)
West; Township thlrty-slx (36) North, Range
four (4) East; Township thirty-seven (37)
North, Range four (4) East; Township thirty-
nine (39) North, Range three (3) Weet;
• Township thirty-nine ((39) North, Range two
(2) West; in* Township forty (40) North.
Range eight (S) West, Sections two (2), three
(3). ten (10) and fifteen (15); In Township
forty-cne (41) North, Range eight (S) West,
Sections one (1), two (2), three (3), t«n (10),
eleven (11).' twelve (12). thirteen (13). four-
teen (14), fifteen (10), twenty-two (22), twen-
ty-three (23), twenty-four (24) twenty-five-
(25), twenty-six (20), twenty-seven (27),
thirty-four (34) and . thirty-five (35) ; In
Township forty-one (41) North. Rang* neten
'(7) West. Sections two (2)., three (3), four
(4). five (5), elx <6), seven " (7), eight (8),
nine (9). ten (10), sixteen (16). seventeen (17),
eighteen (18), nineteen (19) and twenty; (20);
all of Mount Diablo Meridian. California.
W." A. RICHARDS, Commissioner.
Approved : THO8. . RYAN, Acting Secretary
■' — »i
SEWING MACHINES AND STTPPIJES. I
THE chance ol , a lifetime to buy the best i
sewing machine in the world at little price;
■ We have about • 15o new W.hlte sewing ma-
chines that are slightly shopworn; we shall
close them out at once at -from }£ to 1-3
usual price; also about 80 machines Of -all
other makes, ". good' as 'new, at from $5 to |15
each, at the new retail store of the White
Sewing Machine Co.. 915 Market st.
ALL makes!: 2d hand, $2, $5. $7. $9; new,$4, $S;
drop heads,. 5 drawer, golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. " National Automatic
S. M. Co., 145 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 8788.
. DOMESTIC— Tlte machine for family use: best
Is cheapest;, second-hand all makes at any
price;' all kinds rented lowest rates. Domes-
tlc office. 1021 Market st., near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3/ $5, $8; slightly
used $10, 1 16. $20; you know where the dolls i
swing In the window. 1051* Market St.. .
ALL kinds bought."' sold and - repairing guaran-
tf ed. CHAS. ■ PLAMBECIC. 1315 ■ Mission . St.
STOEAGE AND WAKEXOTJSES. .
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture/
household goods i stored, moved, : shipped.- 725-
731 Howard st.,: nr.' Third; phone Grant 16L
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 10 Drnmm st.;
phono Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
furniture moved, packed, .shipped and, stored.
PIERCE -RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
. flee Post j and , PoweU sts. ; teL Prl. Ex. 57L
PACIFIC Storage and Furnlturb Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Flllmore. 'St.; phoce Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and -Storage Co., 11 Montgomery
• St.;. tel.' Main 1840. ; Shipping at rates. "----■':
; .yj_sT6g.[bBnraa»chs ■
GUARANTEED . cure ; send . SOcT^tableT'TornV
' : mailed In - plain package; '. has cured thou--
' . eands. L." L. C. CO., 417 Hayward bldg.; S.F.
BEAI. ESTATE~CrTY—r OB SAIJB. '
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
SI 25 PER WEEK. ' .
NO LVTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for , choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract: level as a billiard table: on grade:
close to fine school and Mlssion-st. electric
cars; bound to double In value.
$400 each on Installments of $10 per month:
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location couth ol Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots in this dis-
trict; • advancing- In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montsomery st.. r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
WE have for sale on account of the death of
the owners one of the most famous HOT
MINERAL SPRINGS on this Coast; 1500 acres
of land; fine hotel, outbuildings and baths:
orchard, ve^etabl* garden; livestock, poultry,
etc.; a sportsman's resort: patronized by the
Irst. people: the greatest trout streams In
America pass through this property; a noted
plra«ur« and health resort: never before of-
fered for sale. For full information apply
or write to
F. L. 5KAGGS & CO.. 26 Montgomery st.
$3-JC0 — NEW 8 r. and b. house, on Predta ave. ;
$500 down, balance $30 per month.
$2750— House S r. and b. ; 47 Arlington st;
would make two nice fiats.
$2600 — New cottage, 5 r. and h. : 277 London
st.: $600 down, balance like rent.
D. OOFFIN*. 252** Mission st.. near 21st-
$10,500. INCLUDING bltumlnlzlng of St.; terms
to suit; 3 swell flats not^yet completed; rents
$1080 per annum; every known possible lat-
est Improvement; 16 minutes from City Hall:
7th-ave. boulevard, nr. Fulton St.; close to
the Park: 5 car lines, one runs all night.
Call from 11 to 4. Seventh ave., nr. Fulton.
PTART new year right: 7-room houses; every-
thing modern; 20 minutes from Kearny St.;
smal! cash payment, balance Installments
eame as rent. MOISE. owner, 320 Sansome.
NEW. modern cottage, with all modern im-
provements; terms same as rent. Apply
owner, lumber yard, cor. Army and Condon.
GOOD work our motto: prices moderate. AHL-
BACH & MAYER, plumbfrg. s.t<; Howard st.
BEAI. ESTATE — COUNTRY- For Sale.
WHITE & BAYLEY. ~
Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$4 60 per acre— 6 mites o£ Cloverdale and
railroad; 4000 acres, comprising the best stock
range and especially adapted to sheep; 2 fins
liviwr streams run several milea through ths
property; careful estimates place the oak
stumpage at 125.UC0 cords, for which we have .
an otter of 25 cents per cord on contract with '
cash payment annually whether wood is cut or
not; wOod alone more than i-ays for the place.
, 512.500— 3W» acres rich alluvial soil; 2 miles
of two thriving railroad towns and not far
from Lodl, San Joaquin County; small almond
orchard; good bouse, 6 rooma and house for
help; fine barn holding 100 tons; wagon shed;
blacksmith shop; windmill, 0000 gallon tank;
fenced and cross-fenced; terms or exchange;
gilt-edge bay property. ' •
JS500 — On oiled drive; 1 mile of Llvennore;
40 acres healthy, full bearing vineyard; about
6»acres fruit; plain dwelling; barn; good well
and windmill; 2 years' crop will pay for this
place.
$3000—25 acres; 1 mile of Courthouse and
Hizh School; 5 acres fine alfalfa; 10 acres
Bartlett pears and almonds; balance alfalfa
land; 2 wells; fully equipped pumping plant;
dwelling, barn, poultry houses; drying plant;
half cash.
$400O— 3S. acres level loam land near Elmlra:
12 acres apricots, 12 French prunes; family
orchard: 5 acres Bartl«tt pears; 6- room cot-
tage; barn; 12 poultry houses; brooder
houses; 2 wells; windmill and tank; would
subdivide on easy terms or accept unimproved
lots in part payment.
$600 — Almost adjoins, stores, P. O. and 6
miles of Anderson; 10 acres; 6 acres bearing
peaches; cabin 16x24; under irrigation ditch;
well fenced: poultry men. investigate quick.
$1000 cash required, balance any time to
please you ; 40 acres all under fine Irrigation
system; 25 in full bearing fruit; 5-room and
bath cottage: barn, stable; 5 acres rich hay
land for alfalfa; balance timbered pasture: 1
mile of Courthouse and depot; don't wait to
write, but come and Investigate.
$300 down; 1 mile of R. R. town: 18 acres
level black loam; no buildings; well fenced;
13 acres full bearing pears ajid. French prunes;
fine creek for poultry: price SCOOO, any terms.
$4000 — Best hop land In Sonoma County; 40
acres, 6 miles of Santa Rosa; large hophouse;
9 head of Jersey cows; hogs; 400 hens; wagon,
buggy, 2 eets of harness, spaa horses, farming
tools, dairy utensils.' furntturer buy this and
make money faster than they do in the Mint.
$8500 — Close- to Napa City; 50 acres rich,
level,, land: 85'acres in orchard 12 years oM:
good' S-room house;' large barn, windmill and
tank! drying plant, . poultry yards; horses/cat-
tle: farming tools; good furniture; fine income;
half cash.
$2."00— 25 acres, halt rolling and balance
level; near Santa Rosa, 3 miles of Kenwood:
rich land; 2 acres orchard; vineyard: creek, 2
wells; nfee cottage. 5 rooms; large barn:
fenced Into 4 fields; 5 poultry-houses larse
wire netting yards, ICO laying hens"; good
horse. 3 cattle; spring wagon, top buggy; 4
tons hqy; easy terms.
$4700— On Guadalupe Creek, south of San
Jose: 33 acres; 12 in full bearing orchard In
fine condition; balance gently sloping fine hay
land: fine creek: 25 magnificent oak trees; 4-
room cottage; good stable: fine Income: we
have n choice list of email homes In Santa
Clara County; pleased to drive you around and
show them
$2050 — 2 miles ©f Sonoma .City; 10 acres level
garden soil; HV, acres lw-arlnj vines: 1 acre
fruit: good dwelling,- bam. poultry-houses ;
horse, wagon, cart*, plows, 3 nets harness,
tools, wine press, tanks and casks; furniture;
fine crop.
S1700— 25 acres, close to Calistoffa; adapted
to vines and trees; family orchard; cozy 5-
room cottage; good barn; fine water.
$400 down — 5 acres good land, with new,
hard finished cottage of 5 room* and bath-
large brooder-house. 2 incubators, brooders; all
farming toofcs; near Petaluma: price J2000.
tr>&00 — Only 1 mile of Haywards: 37 acres
fine : land ; 4 acres bearing orchard : modern
house, 6 rooms and bath; finest barn in county,
alone cost $4000; fine view; this ts the best buy
In the vicinity.
LODI. LODI.
The town that has the "SNAP" to l it; the
section that has the most fertile soil in the
San Joaauin Valley; fine roads; water trans-
portation. ,
We are subdividing a choice tract In 10-acre
lots: onty 2% miles from town; surrounded by
modern homes and fine orchards and vineyard*:
soil rich, black, sandy loam, 12 feet deep:
ftehool on the tract: $75 per acre; this will not
last over 30 days; first com<\ first served.
$1200 — 10 acres In vine and fruit belt, near
L<vll; sandy loam: 5-room house and barn.
Send stamp for the largest and most diversi-
fied printed list on the coast. -
WHITE *r BAYLEY.
Successors to
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery St., room *.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
$5000 — 80 ACRES of land, all nnder cultiva-
tion with Improvements, In orchard section
of Sutter County; only three miles from
county seat and on line of new irrigation
ditch. >
A snap If taken soon, but will not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM.
406 Second st.. Marysvllle, Cal.
A BEAUTIFUL Swiss chalet and outhouses,
all up to date, and 6 acres of prime land
planted to apples: situate - on Lake Pinto;
climate and scenery unsurpassed; 2% miles
I north of Wateonvllle, Santa Cruz Co.; gram-
Imar school within a few hundred yards; 50-
acre apple orchard adjoins ' above;' will be
■ sold separately or as a whole; owner absent
! from State; wires us. "sell."
•. QAFFEY & MAHON,
: 11 Montgomery St.. 3. F. "
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS! '
Send | postal for catalogue cf the beat lane,
bargains In California.- CM. WOOSTER CO..
<H8 Market at. . .
CONTRA Costa County Real estate for sale.
. Send for list. D. J. WEST. Martlnei. Cal
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. - 10 ' pages, ««nt to ; any ' address In th»
BAM MATEO BB ATj ESTATE.
• , r . .' . . LOMITA PARK.
As an investment or for a home site, a 50-
foot lot In Lomlta Park • offers . exceptional ' ad-
vantages. • ' Only ' 45 minutes ; from " the city ■ on
I the San Mateo electric line; outside the . fog
belt; well located and drained; artesian water;
streets graded;., water and sewer pipes ' laid.
Terms— A J first ; payment of from $10 up. and
balance at $10 per month. Easily within the
reach of all. -> First placed on the market : Aug-
ust 1 and over half • now sold. ■ Must > be seen
to be appreciated. Go down and Investigate or
write: to-day — to-morrow may ■ be too late to
secure a choice. . .-.- .-;.::
SEIiBY. RODGERS & CO..
Main 073. 118 California st. :
Also at LOMITA PARK.
j SEAT. ESTATE TO EICHAKQE.
OAKLAND Income" property: trade for subur-
ban home or ranch. L. A. SPENCFK' 472
■■Tenth st.,' paklatM.'.,. . -.
SuTPLIE3._
AN exceptionally, good No. 2 Remington,' No. 1
Smith ■„- Premier, $25; other >■ typewriters ; at
1 higher and lower prices; rentals $2 CO. ' The
' Typewriter Exchange, BT50 . California st. .
2D-HAND ! typewriters sold, rented, repaired.*
■Webster Typewriting Inapec Co.. 60S Market.-
ALAMEDA ADVEBTS'MTS
_^^ Jg EA j : 'J B f£ A j !r ?T r ,-.X-,~,
$15 PER foot: -275 feet frontage; all street
work and sidewalks, or will build to suit. J.
H. YOUNG; 1243 Park st.
BERKELEY ADVEBrS'NTS
BEKKELET BEAL ESTATE.
YOU know you are wondering what to give
that daughter of yours for Xmas. eomethlag
that will last longer than most of the pres-
ents she has had; bow would a lot In
FAIRVIEW PARK
Dot To-day and until January 1 the price
of a large lot is only. $900, and this Includes
all street work, sidewalks and tree planting;
If you cannot pay cash, you can get it on
payment of one-quarter cash, say $225.
This Is better than a savings bank, for the
land la sure to rise In value.
Lots In the neighborhood that were put on
the market 2 year* ago for $1000 are to-day
selling for $2000 and more.
100 per cent la » pretty good profit in two
years; take the electric car to-day at Lorln
and see the land and get map from
JO6EPH J. MASON.
SH. cor. Center and Shattudt ave.. -Berke-
ley. or 421 California st.. San Francisco. -_
HOLIDAY bargains In houses and lots; |
ranches for sale, to lease or exchange. Open
Sunday*. D. R. RUTHERFORD, Notary.
Kenung. Collecting. Insurance. Lorin. South
Berkeley.
FKUITVALE APVEBT'STS
PKXTXT VAIiE^ BEAI. SSTATB.
CHAS. F. LE*E. Phone Vale 29«.
Office one- half block from Fruitvale station.
$200 cash — 2-room cottage. unflnUhed; city
waier; close to cars and school; on high
ground; beautiful view; lot 45 feet frontage;
priOK. ail told, $430.
$101)0— New cottage of 3 rooms; stable; wagon
ehed; chicken -houses and jards; graveltd
walks: nice garden; beautiful lot. 2 frontages,
50x250; clcse to cars.
$1250 — Nice rustic cottage of 4 large rooms;
pantry, buttery; all sewered; chicken- bouses
and yards inclosed in wire fence; nice garden;
fruit trees and flowers in abundance; close to
street car- and school; lot 35x204; nice creek
'flows through property; large shade trees.
$1150— Neat, 4-room. high-basement cottage:
all nicely fenced: good schools, churches and
postofflce cloee by; property 50x1(50.
ONLY $200 cash— Beautiful home of 5 large
rooms; fine reception hall; bath, porcelain tub;
patent toilet; large pantry; choice location;
fine view; 2 car lines 1 block away; fine school
and church close by; price, all told. $2200; lot
50x123.
$3250— Beautiful 5-room bungalow, all . ele-
gantly paneled and decorated; handsome art
mantel; elegant bath; large 2-story barn; car-
riago-house; chicken-houses; over Vb acre of
ground; electric cars pass the door; nestles at
the base of the foothills; protected from the
high winds; close to the main county boule-
vard, which makes this very desirable prop-
erty; grammar school and postofnee near by;
terms can be given with small cash payment
: down; all Improvements brand new. ■
i $C00 cash— Beautiful home of 4 large rooms;
high basement; concrete foundation; fine well
of water; all set out in small fruits; will maka
a fine chicken ranch; no cold fogs or heavy
winds; nestles at the base of the foothills;
street cars, school, church and postofflce close
by; fine sandy soil; nearly 1 acre of ground;
price, all told. $2000; THIS IS A SNAP.
WILL SELL YOU A LOT AND BUILD
YOU A HOME ON EASY MONTHLY
PAYMENTS.
$75 lots In the beautiful Itcsa Lee tract; fine
•oil; grand view; new homes rapidly going up;
no cold winds or wet fogs, and lots only $75
each; $5 down balance $2 60 per month.
■ CHA8 F. LEE. 1222 Fruitvale ave.
OAKLAND ADVERT'S'arTS
OFFICE. 1016 BROADWAY^
OAK1A1TO BXAIi ESTATE.
$1850— 5-ROOM modern cottage at Lorln;
near Key Route and ' local train; easy
terms.
$25 per foot, on 29th st., or Prospect, near
Broadway; street work all done; no bet-
ter buy 4n. the city.- .> "': - :
M500 — On Linden street; 2-story T-room
house; this place Is in excellent condi-
tion and rented well to steady tenant;
fllevof: 1 lot; near 18th-st.- ear line. . .
$400*) — 2-stcfy 8- room house; on 14th st.: lot
75x100.
$9000 — Includes large 2-story residence on
Filbert street and lot 5Cxl25 on Linden
st.{ this will bear inspection.
$2600— -Good B-room cottage on Chestnut St.,
near 16th.
$2250 — Lot 50x125 on Linden st., near car
line and local train.
$17 50 per foot; good sightly lot on 11th ave. ;
car line pdsses In front of property: high
ground.
Lot 75x100 on 12th st., near Lake Merrttt; If
yn U like this location call and make
offer.
Manufacturing site on Cth st ; centrally lo-
cated, with. 201 feet frontage; new plants
near site.
$300— Lot on 23d ave.. near East 21st st
$700 — Good rottaee; near 23d-ave. R. R. sta-
tion; a change to own your own home on
tercrss less than -rent.
THE F. P. VANDERCOOK COMPANT,
1016 Broadway. Oakland, or
Room 232, Mills b'.dg..
San FranclBCO. Cal.
BF.LPEN'R BARGAINS.
$15f0— Choice high terrace lot. 33x100. on
cor Filbert and 16th; costly homes all around.
$1750 — Nice building lot on Orange St., Ver-
non Heights; W>xl25: superb view.
$150O— Only $30 per foot will buy a 50x120
lot In Adams Point property, with high ter-
race and srarid view.
$S50 will buy 50-foot lot on 33d st., near
$7C0— Fine lot 42x120; Manny side Grove st.
near C9th St.; Key Route station; nearly 3
feet above street crrade.
$1100 — Choice high grade lot on sunny side
34th St., .lust east of Telegraph ave.; 32:6x112.
$1475 — High terraced lot on Chestnut ' st.,
40x132.
BELDEN, real estate. 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
WE • have clients looking for Investments In
Oakland property. If you have either houses
or lot.« for pale call at our office or mall us
fu\l description and price.
C. E. REED.
468 Eleventh. St.. Oakland.
A SNAP— Choice lot. 110x123. SW. cot." Xlst
and Myrtle «t«. ; will be sold as a whole or
In subdivisions: aold to settle an estate. 1453
Myrtle nt.; Oakland.
$1500— HOUSE of six rooms, modern con-
venUnces. must be sold. A. J. TAIT, 1528
Seventh st.. Oakland.
OAB^ABrP aOOMS^TO^IJBT.
VERY sunny front rooms in new flat; near lo-
cal trains and Telegraph ave. 4SS Twenty-
third it.. Oakland. .
SEVENTH, 1759%, Oakland— Nicely furnished
■ rooms . for rent.
OAKLAND TTnUfTTTJRE TOR SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains In furni-
ture. H. Schelhuas. 11th st.cor.store.Oakland
San Francisco AdvertisemVs
BRYANT, 421— -Two sunny rooms, nicely fur-
nished tor housekeeping; gas.
CALIFORNIA, 1272—2 large sunny rooms; fur-
nished complete for 'housekeeping.
ELLIS, 1161 — Large front room with grate and
gas plate; completely furnished; 511.
EDDY, "43 — 2 sunny well-furnished \ house-
keeping rooms; gas range, yard, etc.
EDDY. S70 — Elegantly "furnished parlors; other
; rooms for housekeeping; modern flat . y
ESSEX, 11, bet First and Second, on! Fol- V !
Vom— -8 sunny furnished housekeeping rooms;
gas; $18 SO. • ,
! FIFTH,' 353 — Furnished housekeeping rooma.
I $18; 2, $12 50; one single, $5.
i GEARY M6 — Comfortable rocm. furnished
.housekpg. with gas. $3 per month; suite $10.
GEARY. 1 225— N ic» sunny bay-window suite ;
all conveniences; fine view; also other choice
rooms; reasonable.' -
GOLDEN GATE .ave., 631 — Nice ninele house-
keeping rooms; reasonable.
HARRISON, ■ 403 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooms ; coal and gas stoves, electric lights,
: hot and cold water, bath.:.'
HARRISON, S97— Housekeeping and ' single
furnished rooms to let
HAYES. 481 — Nicely, famished room for one or
two gentlemen;' bath, gas; housekeeping. .
JESSIE. 323 — Larffe. sunny ' front room; gas
. - range, sink. ; bed . and cot; $3 25 week. ,
KNICKERBOCKER Apartment*. 1S40 Pine—
Sunny furnished S-room suites ; steam heated,
elect rlo lighted; free baths; rates reasonable.
LARKIN, 502^ — Nicely fnrnUhed - sunny ' front
- rooms; . complete . for housekeeping. ■
BOOMS TO ItET— Turn, and TTnXttm.
LAIIKIN". 1300— Large front room, stove, clos-
ets, run. water; all conv. for hoasekeejlnf.
MISSION. 911 fe, neex Fifth— Furnished rosens
for housekeeping; . gas store; rue somMe. j
MISSION. 1219— Furnished hoasekeeptnc MM
complete; no enlldren. ,
MISSION. 1607. near 12th— -Large tanny fnrnT .
rrom. light housekeeping; $3; r*J, bath;
other roc ma.
OAK. 117 — Rooms complete, honsekeeptng; $3
to $12; gas range; hot bath; awaits.
O'FARRELL. 138ft^Tw o nicely forals-ed. sun-
ny front housekeeping rooms In new, sunry.
corner flat.
PAGE. STS — Two connecting housekeeping
rooms; $15. -.. .<
RAUSCH, S3, near Foisom — L— rg* room, con-
necting Kitchen; sink; large yard; rent r«a».
BUTTER. 887 — Sunny basement floor of tliree
rooos, comDlete for housekeeping.
THIRD. SC9 — Nice, sunny housekeeping coosi«:
transient; from 25o up; all clean and light.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3300. near Mission— Two
unfurnished front room* for housekeeping:
running water; no children. • -
VAN NESS ave., 31S— Two or three furnished
rooms for hsekDg; bath, phone, laundry.
VAN NESS, 421— Elegantly fum. Iront ernmy
I suite; free phone; machine and bath: $23.
VALENCIA, S74A — Housekeeping room; also 1
furnished to suit, with or without use of
kitchen. '
WEBSTER. 122»— 8 cr 4 rocras. ccrsplet* for
housekeeping; phene and bath.
BOOMS TO LET— 7ura. and TJnfuuL.
ATKINS, cor. Third st and Park lane— New
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and cold
water: electric lights; only first-class boos*
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and tip.
A— BRUNSWICK House, 148 Sixth st. — Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooma; open, all night
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st <or No. t
Fifth st.)— Rooms. 25c SOc. $1. $1 50 night;
$1 50 to $10 week; house open all night.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store: 2 en-
tranced. 1128 Market and 21 Turk— BTlectrto
llgbts; running water In every room; 20")
rooms; 25c to SOc per night; $1 23 to $3 week.
BUSH, 1105. nr. Leavenworth— Pleasant sunny
room; gentleman; run. water; gas. bath, etc.
CALIFORNIA, 1284— Nice sunny room; front:
runninz water; large closet; gentleman or
lady.
EDDY. 432 — Elegant furnished runny suite
rooms; fine location; reasonable.
EDDY, S14 — Fine furnished sonny front
rooms; gas, bath, telephone.
GOLDEN OATB ave., 439— One furnished room.
GEARY, 610, The Carl — Nice fornlaaed rooms
by the day, week cr menu. . ,,'<,>■
GOLDEN GATE ave. 219— Front and single
rooms; also 2 housekeeping rooms with gas
stove and water.
GOLDEN OATB ave.. 857 and 583— Newly far-
nlshed sunny front rooms: also single; $2
up; bath.
GRAND Southern 7th and Mission — Rooms SSo
to $1 25 night; $1 B0 to $8 wk.; reading -room.
HOWARD, 715 — Furnished rooms, single or .
double: central location.
JONES. 951 — Sunny furnished rooms; choice
location.
LARKIN. 804 — Bunny back rooms: grates; for
gentlemen; $8 and $3; also housekeeping.
LOCUST ave.. 60SH — Sunny front ftirnlshe-1
room to let
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth )— Sunny rooms;
$2 SO to $7 week: baths; elevator; also hkpg.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third St. — MO
single and family rooms 33c to $1 60 per day.
$2 to $9 per week; th* only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house In San Francisco
that has office on ground fioor. hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
In every room and gives free bathe and- ele-
vator service day and Bight 'to its guests.
MASON. 615A, near Sutter— Room and board
for lady In private family.
MINNA, 654 — 1 furnished room to let m pri-
vate family; front or back parlor; $3 to $12.
MINNA 6G9 — Nice newly furnish »d room;
suitable for 2 men.
MISSION. 661. near Second — Large front room,
with coal oil stove; suitable for one or two
gents.
MISSION. 2427 — 1 single and newly furnished
suite: suitable for two or three gentlemen;,
modern Oat.
OAK. 43. near Market— Nicely furalssed tunny
front parlor, suitable for married couple:
also sunny bay-window front room.
O'FARRELL. 203— Nicely furnished runny
front rooms: also single; $2 SO up. -
O'FARRELL. 1491 — Nicely furnished room In
private family, suitable for two gentlemen.
PINE. 1733. block from Van Nese— Newly fur-
nlahed runny room; bath; phone: reasonable
POST, 503 — Large, sunny, well famished
room, $14; also two single rooms,' $3.
ROYAL HOUSE. 128 Ellis— Incandescent light*;
reading-room smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor: rooms per night. 33c to $1 50; week. $3
to $3; month. $S to $30; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; oaths.
SACRAMENTO. 1106— Rooms furnished, partly
furnished or unfurnished; chea9>
TAYLOR. 700, near Sutter— Nice furnished
room for 1 or 2; fireplace; $9 month.
TAYLOR. 515B — South rocm, suitable 2: run-
ning water, clothes closet, $10; smaller. $3. -
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS ANT>
LEAVENWORTH 8TS.— POSITIVELY THIt
SUNNIEST ROOM3 IN THE CITY: N1TW
SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS".
ELECTRIC LIGHTS TELEPHONE PKRV-
ICE HOT AND COLP WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE; • ELEVATOR
ALL HOTTR9: ROOMS FROM $3 VVE-1C
"THE LAUN3TON," 110 Eddy — Best tran-
sient and regular house In city; SOc and $1.
TO let — Two sunny front rooms: walking dis-
tance; reference. Box S313. Call office.
TURK 123— Clean, runny furnished rooms.
with* board; suite or single; housekeeping;
$5 up. j - - ________'
WILLOW ave.. 14. off Larkin. nr. Eddy— Fur- <
/ nished room for gentlemen; $8. "
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddv, nr. Market — »CO
rooms 55c to $1 night. $1 75 to $8 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), rcnnln* water In e»cry
room; elevator. read. -room; free bus: baggage.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d St.. nr. Market-
Moat convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
85o to $1 50 nightly; $2 to $3 week; elevatorr
elec. lights: reading-room; free bu«: baggage.
BOOKS AND BOABO.
HOTElT^L^AlGXo^"n»T^O^iry" irt^__ri«.
runny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2.
. $50 ma; single, with board. $25 up; special
family rates; Just renovated.
COMORA (The). 621 C Farrell— Every thin* of
the best: satisfactory rates; table, rooms,
service. .
FRANKLIN. 1109— Board and sunny rooms;
; running- water; excellent table; reasonable.
SUNNY front room to rent with board; term*
reasonable. Box 2039. Call of flea. '
EUJS. 914 — Neatly furnished room and board,
reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 807 — Best rooms, table and eer-
vlce In the city for the least money.
ELLIS, 45*— Splendid single rooms wtta best
of French table board; reasonable.
-UQAii HOTitrsa.
NOTICE-— Of3ce of Insurance Commissioner.
* State of ' California, Ban Francisco. Septem-
ber 17 1904. — To Whom It May Concern ;
Pursuant to the requirements of section 885
at the Political Code, .notice Is hereby given
that the Thurtngia Insurance Company of
Erfurt. Germany, has surrendered its cer-
ttacate of -authority previously granted by
thla department, thus withdrawing from
business in this State, and said company la
no longer authorized to transact business
?£.re&7 E. MYRON WOLF.
*" .- Insurance Commissioner.
SAN FRANCISCO. CaL. Dec 15. 1904.— To
whom It may concern:. Be It hereby known
that the copartnership heretofore existing
between D. 3. CHABA aad F. J. MO.Va-
HAN under the firm name of MONAHAN.
CHARA & CO.. is hereby dissolved.- The
said D J O*HARA withdrawing from the
said concern «n>r hi* name discontinued.
DANIEL J. O-HARA. F. J. MONAHAN.
For Additional Classified Advertise-
Continued on Paso Too.
910
mTTUHHU gQTICBS.
I~'IVIDEND NOTICE — Central Trust Company,
42 Montgomery ctreet— For the stx months
tndlng December 31, 19O4. dividends have
been declared on the deposits In the savings
deportment of this company as follows: On
term deposits at the rate of S 6-10 per cent
per annum aad on ordinary deposits at the
rate of 3>4 per cent per annum, free from
taxes and payable on and after Tuesday,
January 8, 1903.
H. BRUNNER, Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — tan Franclsoo and Subur-
taa Horn* Building Society. 8th floor. Mutual
bavirta Bank bnlldlnx, 708 Market ft., op-
posite Third at.— For the half-year ending
December 31. 1904. a dividend has been de-
• dared at tbe rate per annum of ten (10) per
cent on capital ttock and participating eet-
• tlacates, free from taxes, payable on and
alter Monday. January 2. If 00.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD. Manager.
" J. M. DUKE. Becretary.
DIVIDEND Notie*— California Safe Deposit
m V A Trust Cof&paBv, censer California and
• Montgomery eta. — For the six months fending
December 81. 1904. dividends have been de-
clared en the deposits In the saving* depart-
ment of this company a* follows: On term
deposits, mx tbe rate of 3 6-10 per cent per
annum, and on ordinary deposits at the rate
ef 8 per cent per annum, free of taxaa, and
'• payable on and after Tuesday. January 8,
lf.06. J. DALZELL. BROWN. Managvr.
DIVIDEND notice — Mechanics'' Bavlngs Bank,
southwest corner Bush and Montgomery sts —
For the half year ending with December 31,
1904. a dividend has been d*dar«d at the
rate of three and one-quarter 15%) per cent
• per asnuin on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Tuesday. January 3. 1905.
• Dcoos'.ts bear interest from date received.
FREDERICK H. CLARK. Cashier.
BtTMBOLDT Savings Bank, now at €26 Market
street, opposite Palace Hotel, for the half-
year andlng December 31, 1904, has declared
• a dividend on deposits at the rate of three
mnC one -quarter <3 : i) per cent per annum,
free of taxes; payable on and after Tues-
day. January 3. 1905.
W. E. PALMER, Cashier.
DIVIDEND notice — Savings and Loan Society.
101 Montgomery st., corner of Sutter, ha*
■■ .ceclftred a dividend for the term ending
December "I. 19O4. at tbe rate of three and
cme-quarter (."'<«> per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes and jnyable on and
alter January 2. 1903. CYRUS W. CAR-
MANY. Cashier.
DIVIDEND Notice — Ban Francisco Savings
Union. S32 California st., cor. Webb— For the
. half-year ending with the 81st of December.
1904, a dividend has been declared, at the
rate per anoura of three and one-half (3Vs)
• per cent en term deposits, and three (3) per
'- cect * en ordinary deposits, free at taxes,
parable on and after Tuesday. January 3.
1305. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Mutual Savings Bank of
'Sen Francisco. 710 Market st. — For the half-
year ending December SI. 1904. a dividend
has beeo declared at the rate of three and
one-quarter (3H) per cent per annum on all
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Tuesday. January 3 1905. GEORGE A.
STORY, cashier.
»
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion of 201 California st.. Ban Francisco,
. has declared a dividend for the e!x months
ending December 81, 1904, of 5 per cent per
annum on ordinary deposits; 6 per cent on
term deDoeits. and 7 per cent on class "F"
Installment stock. DR. WASHINGTON
Dodge, president; WM. CORBIN. secretary.
FRENCH Savings Bank— For the stx months
ending December 31. 1901. a dividend has
been declared at the rate of three and one-
quarter (314) P^r cent per annum on all «'e-
posits. free of taxea. payable on or after
January 3. 1905. LEON BOCQUERAZ. sec-
retary.
DIVIDEND NotJc* — The German Savings ana
Lean Socl«ti-. £23 California Jrt. — For the
half-year ending- December 3L 15*04, a divi-
dend has been declared at the rate of three
and cce-quarter (3V») per cent j;er annum
op all der^-slu. free of taxes, pavable oa
and. after Tu-nriay. Jenutry 3. 1905.
flEORSK TOURNY. Sf-cretary.
P3OPOSA1S.
•PROPOSALS - - - - - ~-_— - .^^.^~^ .
For
PAPEIi FOR THE PUBLIC PRINTING
AND BINDING.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received un-
til January 12. 1D05. at 10:80 o'clock a. m.. for
furnishing the PAPER for the PUBLIC
PRINTING and BINDING for the year end-
:iift of i-Vbrutry, tlMnt. the said proposals
to lie opened before and the award of ccn-
trai-ts to be made by the Joint Committee of
< "empress on Public Printing to the lowest and
• V**t bMder for the interest of the Government,
the committee reserving to itself the right to
VJect any anj all bids, as its Judgment of the
fc*M interest* of the Government may dictate.
IVtai!e<! schedules cf th« description, quan-
tity, am! quality of the paper required, accom-
panied by samples and blank proposals, and
riving the regulations with which bidders must
ooaiply. can be obtained by addressing F. W.
Palmer. Public Printer. Washington. D.'C.
The contracts will be entered into for sup-
plying Fuch quantities of paper as may be
needed during the year, and no more. '
The estimated quantities set forth In detail
fa the schedule comprise:
90,000 reams mach'.ne-flnlsh printing paper,
24x38.
20,000 ream* machine-finish printing paper,
56x48.
£6,500 reams sised and super-calendered
white or tinted printing paper, va-
rious sizes.V
400 reams antique macbine-flnieh printing
paper.
22.600 trams white writing paper, various
tlze« and weights.
3,8<X» reams colored writing paper, various
rlze* and weights.
*,10li reams cover paper, various sizes and
weights.
IO.Oiio prun<i« of best plate paper.
TT.o.000 pounds of best map paper.
703,000 pound)! superfine (single and double)
4 coated book paper.
• . I. <~' r > ream: manila paper, various sizes and
► ' weights.
Ifc4.no0 pour.ds bond paper.
20.000 pounds artificial parchment, various'
sizes.
4.000 pounds parchment deed. .
10,000 sheets plated buUet patch. 16x21
L i inches.
10,000 sheets high-finish onion ekln, 19x24
Inches.
170,000 eheets cardbcard, various colors, sizes
and weights.
8,600,000 sheets bristol board, various colors,
Flzes. and weights.
9,600 reams firct-claes ledger paper, white
or blue, laid or wove, various sizes
and weights.
■ 9.200 reams second-clans ledger paper,
white or blue, laid or wove, vari-
ous sizes and weights.
€,500 reams tlswe and copying paper.
40 reams blotting paper, any required
color and weight.
£20 reams marble, ccmb, and lining pa-
per, various sizea
700 ream* typewriter paper, various sizes
and weights.
1.115 reams letter, note and quarto-post
paper.
200 rc&ms white French folio. 17x22
inches. * f,
25 reams extra E. and C. tissue paper,
25x38 Inches.
2.000 sheets parchment. 15x21 Inches.
Proposals will be received for one thousand
rean:s or more.
By direction of the Joint Committee of Con-
Eiess on Public Printing.
F. W. PALMER,
Public Printer.
Washington. D. C. December 12. 1904.
SALE of old material at the Navy Yard, Mare
Island. Cal. — There will be sold at the Navy
Yard. Mare Island. Cal., material belonging
to the navy, condemned as unfit for use
'. therein, consisting of hand tojQjs. diving ap-
raratus. furniture, clocks, spy glasses, com-
pasMss. sounding machines, scales, musical
Instruments, flags, books, lathes, -planers,
■hapera. drills, engines, boiler?, ordnance,
ordnance stores, ammunition, surgical In-
•rtruments, anchors, hawsers, rope, pumps,
life preservers. Junk, dishes, tableware, pro-
visions, clothing, shoes, mattresses, safe,
•crap atael. launch, etc. Tbe sale will be
for cash to the highest bidder by aealed pro-
- posais to be opened Mt 1 o'clock p. m.. Janu-
ary 12. l»0ft. Schedules containing form of
prvposals and tenss cf sale will be furnished
«n arrll'^tion to the general storekeeper.
Navy Ycrd. Mare Island. Cal. PAUL MOR-
TON. S*eretary of the Navy. 11-29-04
PROPOSALS for Subsistence Supplies — Office
. Purchasing Commissary. San Francisco, CaL
December 15. JJKU. — Sealed proposals *or
furnishing and delivering of such quantities
of subsistence supplies, delivered at such
wharf or wharves or such warehouses In San
Francisco, Cal., as per circular to be seen at
this office, will be received here until 11
o'clock a, tn., Tuesday, December 27, 1904
• and opened Immediately thereafter. In pres-
ence of bidders. Specifications, general in-
structions to bidders and blank forms of pro-
posals will be furnished to established deal-
• ers on application to C..R. KRAUTHOFF
Maj. Corny. • '
BTUTTUJUJTO ASTD STAXXEMOtO.
exp71csi6n'^f~mS^u : rne" icHo6£5^
Downtown. f>21 Franklin, near McAllister. 8
to 12. Open-air school. 810 Diamond at. ; tel.
Cmpp 6173; 1 to 5 p. tn. Details at either.
SIBTBS— MARPJ A&ES— DEATHSL :
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at e'.thAr of the publication offices aad be
Indorsed with the saroe and residence of per-
ron* authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted simply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
TOLCHARD— In this dty. December 22, 1804.
to the wife of Heory E. Tolchard, a
<*aucnter ,
MARRIED.
PDXCB— GET*DES— In this eltyj December 28.
1904. by the Rev. Paul Branke Orlando E.
Pence and Clara D. Gerties, both of thla
dty. ~
DIED. .
Abbey. Frances J.— TO.MeCarthy.E. P.— 17.
Berthier. Albert C. — SllMcGlynn. Hanora.
Brede. Taul — 37. Meagher Jeremiah— 60
Cullen. Paul A. Miller. Harold— 2.
Dlxon. Frank — 6 mos. O'Day. Milton— 9.
Dolan. L«wrtnc« — 62. Olson, Charles).
Gardet. Victor— «3. Reynolds. Michael— 9».
Honan. Katie — 38. Ruppreoht.Hermlnle> O.
Johnson, Gustave — 67. Stone, Matilda B.
Llets. Elsie — 14. Suolch Peter — ««.
Mangini, Teresa— 68. Treacy.Mary A. — 19. '
Ljmch, Willie— 3 mos. White. Edward— 64.
Magowan, Margaret— 58 Zett, Harold E.-imcw
ABBEY— In Oakland. December 24. 1904. at
the residence of her daughter, 1200 Four-
teenth street, Frances J. Abbey, beloved
mother of Mr». W. J. C. Wright and Edgar
W. Abbey, a native of England, aged 79
years 11 months and 4 days.
E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday). December 26. at 2:30 j
p. m.. at the horn* of her daughter. 1200
Fourteenth street, corner of Magnolia, Oak-
land.
BERTHIER— In th!« city. December 24. 1904.
Albert C. Berthier. beloved brother of Mr».
Sands Fortran, a native of Virginia City,
aged 51 years.
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), under the auspices of the Frater-
nal Order of Eagles No. 5. fronyl.jrric Hall.
121 Eddy street, where services -will be held,
commencing at 1 p. m. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. Remains at th» funeral
parlors of James McGinn & Co.. 214 Eddy
street.
BREDE— In this city. December 24, 1904. Paul
Brode/v* native of Kiel. Germany, aged 37 '
years.
R-^" Friends and acquaintances and mem- <
bers of Verein Concordla are respectfully in-
vited to assemble this day (Monday). De-
cember 20, at 2:30 p. m., at the chapel of
the Odd Fellows' Crematory for the purpose
of attending the funeral services at 3 p. m.
sharp. Remains at the parlors of Theodor
Dlerks. 957 Mission street, between Fifth
and Sixth. .
CULLEN— In this city. December 24 1904,
Paul A., beloved son of the late William j
Cullen, and brother of John J.. Mary E..
Theresa and Annie D. Cullen. a native of
Washington.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 a. m.. frcm the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Rom's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy Croes
Cemetery, by electric funeral car frcm
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
DIXON— At his residence. 3234 Adeline street.
South Berkeley, December^, 1904. Frank
A., beloved eon of Frank W. and Lettie C.
Dixon. and brother of Mildred Dlxon, a na-
tive of South Berkeley, aged 6 months and
21 days.
DOLAX— In this city, December 25. 1904,
Lawrence, beloved husband of Delia Dolan,
and father of Mary William L.. and Nellie j
Dolan. Mrs. C. E. L«wUs, Mrs. William A.
Cooke and the late John M. and MalachI J.
Dolan. a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aged 62 years.
C7Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
<Tuesday). at 9 a. in... from his late resi-
dence. &G0 Pennsylvania avenue, near
Twenty-second street, Potrero. thence to St.
Teresa's Church, where a requiem high masi
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9:30 a, m. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
GAKWLT— In this city. December 23. 1904.
Victor Gerdet, beloved husband of Leontine
Gardet. a native of France, aired 63 year*
10 months and 2 dayr.
|C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday.
December "6, at 12:30 p. m., from the par-
Ion of Julius S. Godeau. 810 Van Ness
avenue, thence to Masonic Hall, where
cervices ~vill be held under the auspices of
La Par* Ite Union Lodge No. 17. F. and
A. M.
HOXA.V-I.1 this city. December 24, 1904,
Katie, beloved wife of William P. Honan, i
and iovlng mothrr of Bernadette, Eth*I. Wil-
lie and May Honan, beloved daughter of
Mrs. Kate Collins and the late Timothy Col-
lins, sister of Peter and the late Timothy
Collins and Mrs. A. Mullsn. Mrs. T. P. I
Cuslcli and Mrs. J. F. Moore, and niece of
Peter Collins, a native of Burlington, Vt.,
aged 38 years.
iTVKri.nii* and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at S:3f> a m.. from the residence
of her mother, flfS Folsom street, thence to
St. Brendan's Church. Harrison and Fremont
streets, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the reziose of her soul, at 9
a. zn. Interment Holy.. Cross. Cemetery,,^
JOHNSON^tn* this city, December 24. 1904,
-Gustave Johnson, a native of Sweden, aged
67 years. ■•
LIETZ — In thi* city, at California Woman's
Hospital, December 25, 1004, -Elsie JJetz.
beloved daughter of Ado!ph and Augusta
Lletz. a native of San Rafael, aged 14 years. ■
CTTur.f.ral In San Ilafael. Notice to
follow.
LYNCH— In this city. December 25. 1904. at
the residence of hl« parents. C35 Chenery
street. Willie Francla Lynch.' youngest and
beloved eon of James and Mary Lynch, and
brother of Lizzie, George. Mamie. James Jr.,
Daniel. John. Joseph. Jeremiah and the late
Edward Lynch, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 6 days.
MAGOWAN— In Emeryville. December 25,
l!4O4. Margaret Magowan. daughter of Mrs.
William Magowan of Connecticut, and niece
of D. H. Thompson of Emeryville, a native
of Scotland, aged 38 years.
MANGINI— In this city, December 23, 1904,
Teresa Mangini, dearly beloved wife of Gia-
como Mangini. mother of Jtfceph and Fred-
erick Mandril and Mrs. Louise Zazzl. and
grandmother of Irene Mangini, a native of
Italy, aged U3 years 5, months and 7 daye.
C^Knends and acquaintances are resect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 1711 Dupont street. Interment Italian
Cemetery.
Officers and members of Golden Gate Cir-
cle No. 234. C. of F. of A. O. F.— You are
hereby notified to attend the funeral of our
late companion. Teresa Mangint, to-day
(Monday), at 10 a. m., at her late resi-
dence-, 1171 Dupont street.
ROSE TENNESON. Chief Companion,
KELMA LINDELL. Financial Secretary.
MCCARTHY— In this city. December 24. 1004.
Edward P.. belove-d son of John and Frances
McCarthy, a native of San Francisco, aged
17 yearc.
CTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 a. m., from the residence of
his parents, 1018 McAllister street, thence
to Holy Cross Church, where a requiem high
mars will be celebrated for the repose If his
soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
McGL-YNN— In this city, December 25. 1904,
Hanora. .beloved wife of the late Thomau
McGlynn, and devoted mother of John F.,
Mary T. and Annie McGlynn. a native of
Woodvlew. County Cork. Ireland.
EyThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 216 Third avenue. Richmond, thence
to Star of the Sea Church, where a eolemn
requkm mass will be celebrated for tho re-
pos« of her soul, commencing at 10 a. m.
Friends and acquaintances . are .respectfully
invited to attend the mass. Interment pri-
vate. In Holy Cross Cemetery.
MEAGHER— In this city, December 22. 1904,
Jeremiah, dearly beloved husband of Ellen
Meagher, devoted father ■ of Dr. Joseph F.
. and George J. Meagher. and devoted brother
of Mrs. Marguerette Cullen, a native of Tip-
. peraiy. Ireland, aged 38 years.
O'J-'rl«-Jid« and .icnuaintauces are resyect-
i fully invited to " attend the funeral ' to-day
' (Monday), at >»::>0 a. in., irom his late resi-
dence, • Ti. Tllden utreet. oft Castro, between
' Ftlteenth and Sixteenth, thence to Holy -Re-
deemer Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
his souL commencing .at ~ 9:30. o'clock. • In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. - - ■ ■ ■•
MILLER— In this ' city. December 25. 1004,
Harold, dearly beloved son of . Charles and
Irene Miller, a native of San Francisco, aged
*'2 years and 23 days. ■ • -^
O'DAY— In this city.'- December 25. 1904. Mil-
ton, beloved and only son of the late Frank
and Alice O'Day, and brother of May O'Day.
a native of San Francisco, aged 9 years and
" 17 days. '
OLSON— In Mountain View. Cal.. December
25, 1004. Charles Olson, a native of Sweden.
REYNOLDS — In this city, December 25. 1901.
Michael, husband of Catherine Reynolds, and
father of Bernard and Elizabeth Reynolds,
and brother of Bernard Reynolds and the
late Mrs. Foye, a native of Ireland, aged 69
years.
(CTNotice .of' funeral , hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 787
Mission street, between Third and Fourth.
RUPPRECHT— In Haywards. Cal.. December
2S 1904. Hermlnte O.. beloved wife of John
Rupprecht. and mother of Charles, Minnie
and Elvle Rupprecht, a native of Hanover,
Germany. '
R7i-Yiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence at Haywards, Cal. Interment Lone
Tree Cemetery. '
STONE— In this city. December 24, 1904.
Matilda Bertody Stone, widow of the late
Rev. Dr. A. L-. Stone.
E7FuneraI services will be held . at 2S3S
Pacific avenue to-day (Monday), at 1:30
p. m.- Interment private." .
BUCICH— In thU city December 23. 1904,
Peter Sucich, beloved husband of Mary Jane
Sucich, a native of Austria, aged 60 years.
C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 12:30 p. m.. from the parlors
of Valente. Marinl ft Co.. 1524 Stockton
street, thence to 413 8utter street, where
James McGinn; ■ ■ -Henry Hansen.
JAMES MeGINN tc, CO.,
' • Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors and Embalmera
- - 214 Eddy st. Tel. East 86.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL', MONDAY, DECEMBER 26, 1904.
•ervicea will be held under the auspices of
the Austrian Benevolent Society. Interment
Mount OUvet Cemetery.
TREACT— In thle city, December 23,. 1004,
Mary Alice, eldest and beloved daughter of
Thomas J. and Sarah Ann Treacy, and sister
of Annie Patrick and Thomas Treacy, a na-
tive of England, aged 19 years 7 month* and
8 days.
ICTFriendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10:30 a. m.. from the residence
of her parents, 3139 Ban Jose avenue, near
Ocean View. Interment Cypress Lawn Cem-
etery.
WHITE — In this city, December 23, 1804, Ed-
ward White, a native of Ireland, aged 64
year*. y
(CFrlendR and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m., from the parlors
. of McAvoy & Co.. 1239, Market street, thenc<*
to St. Joseph's Church, where a requiem high
man will be celebrated for. the repose of
his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ZETT— In this city. December 25, 1904.
Harold Edward,- youngest and beloved child
of August L,. and Alma Zett. and brother
of Emma and Elsie Zett, and grandson
of John and Roea Todt and Mrs. Mary A.
Zett. a native of San Francisco, aged 6
months and 14 days.
tCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday). December 27 at 2 p. m., from
the residence of his parents. 2825 Vi Mission
street, between Twenty-fourth and Twenty-
fifth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by
electric funeral car from Thirtieth street
and San Jose avenue.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SATURDAY. DEC. 24
Estate of Joseph Levy (by Herman and
Alexander J. Levy and Ella Llevre. adminis
trators) to Charles Levy, lot on S line of Mc-
Allister street, 37:6 E of Scott, E 25 by 8 1U0;
( 7500.
Charles and Adeline Levy to Ella Llevre,
same; flO.
Martha H. Morrison to Mary H. Jones, lot
on N line Jackson street, 150 W of Maple, W
SO. N 126, NE 30:2 S 129:2V4; $10.
Helen L Smith to Walter A. Smith, lot on
E line Ccpp street, 100 S of Twentieth, S 40 by
E 120; rift.
Realty Improvement Company to George E.
Connell, lot 36, Lyon & Hoag's subdivision, MB
120; $10.
Anna J. Morrissey or Morrlsey (wife of Wil
liam H.) to James W. and Alice E. Turner,
lot on N line of Twenty-seventh street, 1C0 E
of Dolores. E 25 by 114; $10.
Benjamin and Celta Badaracco to Pauline
Ball (wife of Richard), lot on SE corner of
Twenty- third and Douglass streets, S 69 by
E 25; ?10.
Henry Meyer to Mary Hoe, lot on S line of
Clay street, 172:5. W of Kearny, W 31 by S
60; $10.
Estate of Mary K. Haley (by administrator)
to George A. Sturtevant. lot on S line of Broad
way, 83:6 W of Taylor street, S 60 by W
23:6; ?3000.
Estate of Joseph Levy (by Herman and Alex
ander J. Levy and Ella Llevre, administrators)
to Emll Gunzburger, lot on SO* line Folsom
street. 400 SW of Fifth. SW 25 by SE 85;
?S00O.
Emll Gunzburger to Alexander J. Levy,
tame; $10.
Cathe Moran to Elizabeth Lunny, Margaret
and Mary Moran, lot on NW line Shipley
street, 125 NE of Sixth street, NE 25 by NW
75; rift.
Sarah M. Gardner or Gardiner to Robert L.
Ellzey, lot on E line of Twentieth avenue, 150
S of Lake street. S 25 by E 120; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to William
F. and Emma C. Davis, lot on W line of Sec
ond avenue, 225 N of C street. N 25 by W
$120; *10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Ida M. Cam
bridge, lot on N line of J street, 32 :G W of
Forty-seventh avenue, W 75 by N 100; $10.
Bernnard and Rose Getz to same, lot on N
line of J street. 32:6 E of Forty-eighth ave
nue, E 50 by N KX>; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Eame. lot on N
line of K street. 05 E of Forty-fifth avenue,
E 25 by N 100; $100.
Henry B. Jr.. William S. and George L.
Underhlll and Anna F. Hart to Underhill In
vestment Company, lets 1 to 5. block 11, O>1
leze Homestead Association: also lot 4, block
67, and lot 6, block 64, University Mound
Tract Survey; also property out of county;
$10.
A sat ha G. Cummincs to Ralph W. S. Cum
mlngs, undivided two-sixths of lot 5. block 94.
University Mound Tract Survey: grant. -
Ralph W. S. Cummlnsrs to Eliza McKlnne,
same: £10.
Julius C. Rel* to Mary Furkert. lots 15 to
17. block 42. Rels Tract: grant.
Same to William A. Beseman, lots IS and
10, block 42, Reis Tract: grant.
Same to Patrick W. Buckley, lot 27. block 5,
Reis Tract; grant.
Builders' Contracts.
Man' McCarthy (owner) with F. "P. 1 Mac-
Innls (contractor). architect— Excavating.
concret-VcaSPSni*?*; nl P» bl iE&S?*3 pal " t .l n 5 1 , for
a two-story frame buiWinK-fhsfts} on NW. line
of Sheridan street. 180 from NW corner of
Ninth and Shtridan. — 23 by, NW 100, M. B.
1 • ji^T3 ~ •• - - : - - -
'John 'Saunders.' (owner) with Crothers &
Williams (contractors), architect C. H. Bar
r «tt — All work except plumbing, eewering and
East piping for a three-story frame building on
W line of Third street, 275 N of Townsend,
N 25 by W 156:8: $10,400.
Same owner with V.'estern Repair ana Sup
ply Company (contractors), architect fame —
Plumbing newering and gas-fitting for same
on same;" $1895.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 2j— 5 P. M.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of fame date last
■season and rainfall In last twenty-four houre:
Last Thts Last
! stations— 24 hours. Season. Sea'son.
Eureka 17.34 ;
Red BluS 0" 11 .0* 11.32
Eacramemo 00 s.2« 4.44
San Francisco 01 I). 63 6.02
Fresno .<*>■ f'-^ "•«<>
Independence .00 0.45 0.42
San Louis Obtepo.. .00 vt.JU <l.*2
Los Angeles 00 1.W5 0.45
San Dlcgo 03 1-70 0.42
THE COAST RECORD.
3 SS 2* *3 *£ I
STATIONS. | |S II 1? 5* 1
•j-V- : 3 3 ■ • :
Baker 30. 3S 20 2t NW near .06
Carson 30.30 28 2H NW Clear .02
Fre«no 30.16.50 34 NW Clear '.00
Flagstaff 29.72 34 36 W Cloudy .06
Independence .30.12 44 38 NW Clear .00
Los Angeles.. 29. OS 62 48 SW Clear .00
Mt. Tamalpats."U>.2.1 30 34 N Clear .01
North H.ead..30.36 42 40 E Cloudy .42
Phoenix 20. 84 62 40 SW Clear .00
Portland 30. 3S 42 36 SE Rain .<H
Red Bluff 30.32 J>0 SS N Clear .00
Kosobur* 30.40 42 32 HE Clear .20
Sacramento ..30.22 50 38 NW Clear .00
Salt Lake .• 30.04 30 .. N Pt.Cldy .08
San Frsnclsco.30.26 54 40 N Clear .02.
San L. ObUpo.30.10 CR 44 N Clear .00
San Diego 20.98 «2 54 N Clear ,<>3
Seattle iW.ruj 40-34 SE Cloudy T.
Spokane 30. 33 S4 24 SW Clear .00
Tatoosh 30.28 40 30 S Ctoudy .20
Walla Walla.. 30.44 34 28 S Clear ,10
Wlnnemucca .30.28 32 26 NW Clear T.
Tuna ..29.92 «6 42 NW Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND j GENERAL
; .- FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails over the Pacific 'slope
except in Western Washington and Northwest
Oregon, where lt ; Is cloudy with "light rain.
Cloudy weather prevails over the Rocky Moun
tain region and snow Is" falling. in Wyoming.
' The pressure has risen nearly an Inch over
'the northern plateau during the past twenty
four hours. ■ - :
: East of the Sierra and Cascade 'Mountains
' the temperature has fallen over ten degrees and
haa remained nearly stationary along the
ccaet. ..- ■ ■ .' . • . • - '•
i Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
houre. ending midnight, December -26:
California' north of iTehachapl — Fair, cool
weather Monday : % fresh northerly winds.
' California south of Tehacha.pl — Fair Monday;
llrht north wind. . . • ■ - , - . •••■•.-
Nevada— Fair Monday.
San . Francisco and. .vicinity — Fair Monday;
light northerly \ wind.
Los Angeles and vicinity — Fair Monday; light
north wind.
Sacramento and vicinity — Fair Monday; fresh
north wind.
Fresno and vicinity— Fair Monday.
G. H. WILLSON, •;',; i
Local Forecaster.?
The people who trust to luck often
go hungry. . '
I COOI^BOOKS. |
Q Owing to the unusual demand »
« on tlie part of our subscribers S
8 for THE CALL'S- Pi-emium Cook »
8 Book it " has ■. been necessary to S
o order an - additional .. supply. Q
8 These books are expected about 5S
S • . the 13th , . inst., ■ on and :. after Q
8 . which date T tliey will be: at the o
f5 disposal .of, our. patrons at the S
g very low price of 50c: «
« i!o subscribers receiving: their «
8 paper by mail there will . be an 3
Q additional charge of 25c to pre- «
8 pay expressage.-- -We 'also: have w
8 on hand ft few; copies of "Wild Q
q Animals I Have Met," tlior-'"
q oughly descriptive of tho .whole 8
« animal - kingdom, on the same Q
« terms. Order now, as our sun- is
S ply is limited. S
TREMENDOUS WAVE HITS
STEAMER G. W. ELDER
Vessel Is Deluged With Water
MANY CABINS ARE FLOODED
The steamship George W. Elder,
which arrived In port yesterday, en
countered a terrible storm on her trip
down the coast from the Columbia
River. In the fury of the gale she was
struck by a terrific wave, which dashed
over her smokestack and almost sub
merged her. In all her many hundreds
of voyages during her last twenty-flve
years' service on this coast she has
never had anything like so tempestu
ous a passage.
She left Astoria on Friday morning.
The Columbia River bar v/as breaking
badly, and was a seething mass of tur
bulent waters at the time the Elder
crossed out. She had only gone fairly
out to sea when' she ran into a heavy
southwest gale. While she is known
all the world over as a famous roller,
this storm Bhowed*up her qualities to
the limit. She was tossed right and
left by the high seas and the strong
wind. She rolled over so far that it al
most seemed she would never right
herself.
At 11 o'clock Saturday morning, when
the storm was at its height, a tremen
dous wave struck- the steamship with
great violence, washing completely
over her and throwing tons of water
on her decks. The vessel trembled in
every flber, and the shock was so great
that many of the passengers thought
she had struck a rock. Stateroom doors
on the starboard side, where the wave
struck, were torn, away, and windows
were smashed in. Every room on the
upper deck was flooded. One of the
passengers was severely cut on the
nose by fragments j of flying glass.
Crockery was thrown from the tables
and scattered in all directions.
Assistant Cook Mahoney was thrown
completely across the galley by the
force of the shock and thrown against
a camp chair. He landed on his left
side, with the result that his left hand
is now rendered useless. It is badly
swollen and he fears it will be a long
time before he will have the use of it.
Volumes of water poured through
the skylights and landed in torrents
upon the kitchen ranges. As soon as
the vessel righted herself, the occupants
of the flooded rooms were removed to
other portions of the ship/ while the
drenched contents, of the rooms were
removed and taken" out to be dried.
The storm kept up with great fury un
til the vessel was about forty miles off
the harbor. John McMullen, one of the
passengers, said he had been a sea
going man all his life, but he had never
encountered such a storm.
He said that out of the sixty-five
passengers on board but six managed
to scramble down to the dining saloon
for their meals. At the time the big
wave approached the ship he was look
ing out of his stateroom window. It
looked to him like a great tidal wave,
and was fully 70 feet high. As it tow
ered up over the ship it looked like a
mountain. The higher the wave went
up, the lower the ship seemed to go
down. Suddenly the water came crash-
Ing down with a.roar like thunder. It
buried the vessel from stem to stern
and caused her to' shake like an aspen
leaf. Had she , not been . of powerful
construction she would have gone to
the bottom.
She reached port yesterday morning
at 10:30. As soon as she came along
side the dock she was gayly decked
with flags and Christmas trees, while
her damaged belongings were hauled,
ashore and hung up to dry on the dock.
Xcko Arrives.
The German steamship Neko arrived in port
yesterday, 120 days from Hamburg and nine
and a half days from Champerico.
She brings a miscellaneous cargo, the prin
cipal Items of which are 2500 barrels of Port
land cement from Hamburg and 18.S61 bags of
nitrate of soda from Caleta Buena. She is
consigned to J. 1). Spreckels &. Bros.. Com
pany.
Following is a list of the passengers: Fr.
von Llndemann, Robert Karl. Mrs. M. Karl,
MUs Adele Karl. Mies Laura Karl, Robert
Karl Jr. and CM. Emerson.
(Captain Rickman verifies the report that he
sent from Valparaiso on October 19 to the ef
fect that on October 12 he sighted a dfsman
tled steamer abandoned and partly submerged
In latitude 48 degrees south and «4 degrees
west. He said he believed the derelict to be
a danger to navigation.
Valuable Cargo of Furs.
The steamship Harold t>ol!ar arrived In port
yesterday with a cargo of furs of great value.
Amon* the lot were 8300 sealskins, 67 sea
otter skins and a miscellaneous assortment of
rare sable, bear and fox skins. She Is con
s!.Tied to Roth, Blum & Co. She was four
teen and a half days from Petropavlovski. via
Bertn~ Sea and Copper Islands. Captain
M H. Thwlng reports that on December 20
the steamer lost a blade of her propeller.
Tjoscs Anchor and Chain.
JThe schooner E. B. Jackson lost her an
chor and twenty fathoms of her chain on Sat
urday night. She was lying off Melggs wharf,
when she was struck by a heavy northwest
equall, which was the cause of the mishap.
Tns vefcscl suffered no other loss.
Transports Gayly Decked.
The Unit«d States; transports Sheridan and
Thomas and the United States tug Slocum, all
lyln. at Folsom-street dock, were gayly
ux...a veisitiu<iy with all the llags and bunt>
m_- at. their disposal In honor Of Christmas
day.
SHIPPING IXTELiLJGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, December 25.
;J Stmr laqua, Jorgensen, CO hours from Port
land, bound south. Put In to land passengers. I
Stmr, Geo. W. Elder. Randall. 62 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 48 hours. '
Stmr Sequoia, McClementa. , 60 hours from
San Pedro. x
Stmr Brunswick, Ellef sen, ' 13 . hours from
Fort Bragg. •
Stmr Harold Dollar. Thwing, 14V4 days from
Copper Island.
Stmr Francis H Leggett, Reiner, 43 hours
from San Pedro. ' '
Stmr Geo Loomls, Monroe, 4 days from Se
attle.
' Stmr Homer. Donaldson. 113 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Jaa S Hlggins. Dorwt-n. 47 hours from
Redondo. > ...--.; *.
• SAILED.
Sunday, December 25. •
Strnr Northland, Jamieson, Astoria and
Portland. .:
Stmr . Mandalay, Smith.' Eureka.
;, Stmr Noyo.' Johnson, Eureka.'
Br ship St Mlrren, Mackhart, Guam.
Fr bark La Rochejaquelln, Durand, Queens
town.
TELEGRAPHIC. „,
. POINT LOBOS. Dec 25, 10 pm — Weather
dear; wind NW; velocity 8f miles per 'hour.
: "■■ DOMESTIC PORTS. . '
PORT. TOWNSEND— Arrived. Dec 23— Fr
bark Colonel - de : VIHebols ■ Mareuil. from ■ Ant
werp; schr ' David . Evans hence Dec 12. .
-PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Dec 25— Schr Ma
nila, - hence Dec 13 ; echr • J M Colman, • from
San Pedro;* Be -bark -Strathdon.'; from- Port
Townsend. . ■ • «
ABERDEEN— Sailed- Dec 24— Stmr Aber
deen; for San Francisco.'
BELLINGH AM— Sailed : Dec 24— Schr Fear
lesB. and stmr Shasta; for San Francisco. .
« SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Dec. 26— Stmr
State of California and stmr Coos Bay, for San
Francisco, .'-'-ilia ff> WiMHtUlfllltfii MUfttiimMsk&UA
. GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec 24— Schr
Halcyon, - hence . Dec ' II mf IJifiBf WwBii|irjjii«i|(
: Sailed Dec ', 24— Schr John, A Campbell; . for
San Francisco; schr Ottlllle .Fjord, for. Santa
Barbara; ; schr iWm : F ; Wltzmann." for Redondo;
echr Transit, : for San ; Francisco; •- schr A > F,
Coats,' for 8an Pedro; • schr. Nokomls, J for ; San'
Pedro; fSchriChas;. RvWilson.v for,' San -Fran
cisco; schr 'Argus. : for * San . Pedro; schr -Sailor
■; Boy.-, -for 'San .Francisco; bktn , Gardiner, f ar
San Francisco; stmr South Bay, for San Fran
cisco; U S stmr Heather, for .
COOS BAY— Sailed Dec 25— Schr» Itt and
Esther Buhne. for San Francisco.
ASTORIA — Arrived Deo 25— Stmr Columbia,
hence Dae 23.
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 25— Schr Virginia,
hence Dec 13.
Sailed— Stmr Alliance, for Eureka; Btmr V.
A. KUburn, for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Deo 25— Stmr Marsh
field, for San- Francisco.
SEATTLE — Arrived Dec 25— Stmr Ramona,
from Skagway.
Sailed — Stmr Nebraskan. for Honolulu.
REDONDO— Sailed Dec 25 — Stmr Santa
Monica, for San Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HILO — Arrived Dec 23 — Schr W H Man
ton, hence .
KAHULUI— Arrived Dec 23— Stmr Kevadan,
from Honolulu. '■'.:'.-
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 25— Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton; stmr Patricia, from
Hamburg. Dover and Boulogne; stmr Princess
Irene, from Genoa and Naples.
Memoranda.
Per stmr Brunswick, from Fort Bragg Dec
25 — Conditions at Fort Bragg . too rough to
finish loading.
Per stmr Harold Dollar, from Petropaulov
skl. via Copper Island — Lost a blade of pro
peller on Dec 20. \ .;»*-"-
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE. V , : C'
Steamer. From. | Due,
: 1
Arcata Coos Bay ..!Dec. 26
Mackinaw.... Tacoma ..'. Dec. 26
Del Norte Crescent City Dec. 26
Newburg .... Grays Harbor Dec. 28
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 26
Com Bay San Pedro & Way Pts. Dec. 26
Elizabeth Coqullle River Dec. 26
Chehalls Grays Harbor Dec. M
Centralla Grays Harbor ; Dec. 28
Norwood Seattle Dec. 20
G. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor ;..Dec.2fl
Anubis Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. 20
J. Hlggins.... Redondo Dec. 26
Czarina Coos Bay Dec. 27
S.Monica.... San Pedro Dec. 27
Rainier Seattle & Belllngham.. Dec. 27
Eureka Huir.boldt Dec. 27
Curacao Mexican Ports Dec. 27
Alameda Honolulu Dec. 27
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports Dec. 27
Pomo Point Arena & Albion. Deo. 27
Pomona...... Humboldt Dec. 23
F. Kllburn... Portland & Coos Bay. Deo. 28
Nebraskan. . . Seattle Dec 28
Point Arena.. Mendocino A Pt. Arena. Dec 29
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec 20
Coronado Oraya Harbor . Dec. 29
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Dec. 29
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec. 30
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Deo. 81
China China & Japan Dec. 31
Jeanle Seattle & Tacoma Dec. SI
Breakwater.. Coos Bay Dec. 31
Clty.Para.... New York via Ancon..Dec. 31
North Fork.. Humboldt Jan. 1
Queen Puget Sound Ports Jan. 1
Arctic Humboldt Jan. 1
Storra Sydney & Way Ports. Jan. 2
Saxonla Seattle |Jan. 2
S. Barbara. . . Grays Harbor Jan. 2
Aurolla Portland & Astoria |Jan. 4
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination." Balls.) Pier.
December 26. . |
Centralla... Los • Angeles Ports. 10 amjPler 10
Chehalis... I Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmlPier 2
Norwood ... I Los Angeles Ports. 4 pmtPier 2
S. Rosa.... San Diego & Way. 9 amIPler 11
Bonita Newport & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
City Puebla Puget Sounci Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Argo Eel River Ports... 4 pm Pier 2
Decembsr 27. ['
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct.... 5 pmlPier i
S. Monica.. Grays Hcrbor 10 am Pier 2
Corona Humboldt l:30pPler 8
N. Fork...." Humboldt 9 am Pier 20
Arcata Coos B. & Pt Orfd 12 m Pier 13
December 28. |
Arctic Humboldt 0 am! Pier 2
Mongolia... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
G. W. Elder Astoria &. Portland 11 am Pier 24
Elizabeth.. Coqullle River Pier 20
December 29. |
Pomo Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pmiPier 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Newburg — Grays Harbor 4 pm Pier 10
CooslJay... San Pedro & Way. 9 am'Pier 11
Eureka Humboldt ! U am Pier 13
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 5 pm Pier 8
Homer Grays Harbor | pier
December 30. | |
Pomona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
G. Lindauer Grays Harbor 6 pm Pier 2
December 31.
Alaskan.... New York direct Pier —
Mar'.posa... Tahiti direct ... .. 11 am Pier 7
Uinatilla... Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
Alaraeda... Honolulu 11 am Pier 7
San Jose. .. N. Y. via Ancon..l2 m Pier 40
F. Kllburn. Portland & Way.. 4 pm Pier 27
i Rainier Seattle & Bllnghm 4 pm Pier 10
Point Arena Pclnt Arena 4 pm Pier 2
Coronado:.. Grays Harbor 4 pmlPier 10
_ January 2. |
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland 11 am] Pier 24
| Jeanle I Seattle & Tacoma. S pm Pier 20
G. Dollar. . . Seattle IPler —
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
Ramona Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 28
Jefferson Skagway & Way Ports. ]Dec. 29
C6ttage City.. Skagway A Way Ports. |Dec. 31
Santa Ana... Seldovla & Way Ports.Uan. 1
Farallon Skagway & Way Ports. |Jan. 3
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic 'Survey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Potnt. entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by official authority of the
Superintendent.
NOTE^ — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about 25
minutes later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide is the same at both places.
~~ MONDAY. DECEMBER 26. ..
Sun rises ..7:2.1
Sun sets 4:57
Moon rises i 0:28 p. m.
e" Time 'TIme| jTimel Tlmcl
£ Ft. ! 1 Ft. I 1, Ft. Ft.
? H W |L W| 'H W| LW|
2<j 2T42 4.9] 7:43 2.8 1:401 5.11 8:211—0.1
27 3:28 5.0 8:49 2.5 2:42 4.7| 9:10 0.4
28 ;4:12 5.3 10:02 2.3 3:35 4.2ll0:04| 1.0
20 5:00 5.4111:12 1.8 5:1$ 3.9!ll:07| l.C
30 I r»:50| 5.4|12:22 1.3| 6:42 3.9| [.....
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of * the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
cometimes occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the- lower low waters. ;
Extending Use of Aluminum.
According to La Metallurgie, at a re
cqnt meetins of the. Socitie d'Encour
agement pour l'lndustrle. National, an
interesting paper was read on the sub
stitution of aluminum for wood in the
machinery of spinning mills. , In the
textile " industries— spinning, "dyeing,
and silk weaving, among others— a
wooden bobbin is generally used. This
is cheap and easily worked, but it has
many drawbacks. Being very hygro
metric,' it suffers from variations 1 of
temperature; this accounts for the fact
that in spinning factories where the
atmosphere is full of humidity the bob
bins revolve irregularly, causing Jerks
which slacken the speed and occasion
the threads • to break. • The result Is
waste of. stuff and loss of time, in Join
ing the threads again. It has. _, been
proposed .to > substitute aluminum for
.wood.'-. Bobbins made of [this, metal re
volve In ' any : temperature , and any de
gree \ of humidity; ; their ; relative . light
ness (five aluminum bobbins' weigh no
more than' two .wooden ones) [ allows
the ' machines carylng , them to ? move
more < quickly, ; or; an equal ; speed ; may
be 'obtained at "less expense' of -motive
power; - finally, the smaller ; volume of
tfhe'' bobbins "diminishes ...the • cost of
.transport. % It was stated- that • several
firms had adopted the use of aluminum
bobbins ' and ; had \ found Uhat \ they pos
sessed j\ many ; ad vantages.— New?" York
Commercial. -; . , • .... -.1.
NACIONAL COMPANY
COT OF MEXICO, DECEMBER 24TH.
1904.
No. Prem.l No. Prem.l No. Prem.
151... |2.60 2772... ?2.3o! 7604... J2.5O
168... 7.50 2S00... 2.50 76Otf... 2.50
225... 2.50 2004... 2.50 7703... 2.50
256... 2.60 3062... 2.50 78O5... 6.00
452... 6.00 3087 2.50 7SH5O... 2.5O
667... 0.0013145... 2.50 82S5... 2.5»>
672... 2.501 31«1... 2.50 8312... 2.5O
743... 2.50 3208... 2.501 S343... 75.00
752... 2.50 3410... 5.001 8453... 3-00
7S1... 2.50 3432... 7. SO 9028... 2.50
942... 2.50 3594... 7.50 DIM... 2.50
•1077... 2.50 3818. .. 2.50|9397... 5.0O
1314... 2.50 3703... 2.501 9481. . .300.00
1388... 2.50 371«... 5.0O1 9663... 2.50
1506... 6.00 3843... 2.50 9705... 2.50
1520... 7.50 3SS8... 2.50 9762... 2.50
1580... 2.50 41W... 25.00 0783... 2.5O
1643...-" 2.50 4438... 7.50 9795... 2.50
1661... 2.50 4452... 2.50 9955... 75.00
1S04... 2.50 4461... 2.50 10102... 2.50
' 1884... 2.50| 4516... 2.50 10123... 2.50
HV50..1SOO.OOI 4995... 2.60 10173..". 2.50
1981... 2.50 5OC2... 2.50110201... 2.5O
2070... 2.50 6O«5... 2.50|10246. . . 7.6O
2145... 7.50 6235... 2.. "50; 10204... 2.50
2182... 2.50 5435... 7.501102S3... 2.60
2101... 2.50 5460... 2.50110304... 2.5O
2233... 7.501 5«40... 2.50il0332.. . 5.00
2235... 2.50 5879... B.nrtlinsirt.. . 2.5O
2237... 7.50 614.1... 2.60111033... 2.50
2330... 2.50 6163... 2.50U1146. . . 2.50
2387... 25.001 6225... 2.5OI1144S. . . 2.50
2465... 2.50! 6251...13O.OOI11620... 2.5O
2*Rt... 2.50! 6932... 2.MM11B39.. . 2.50
2562... 2.50 7043... 6.00111735... 5.00
2753... 7.50J7388...' 7.50iU752... 2.50
TERMINAL PRIZES.
120 numbers ending with 50. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $1200.00. at (1.00 each. $120.00.
120 numbers ending with 81. beln* the two
last figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of S30O.0O. at ?1.00 each. $120.00.
No. lOGO sold In San .Francisco, Ca!.
No. 9481 sold in San Francisco. Cal.
No. C251 sold In San Francisco. Cal.
Commencing with the drawing of Jan.' 7.
1905, APPROXIMATION PRIZES will h~ paid
on the flrst three capital numbers as follows:
10 numbers on each side of flrst capital prize
at 52.00 each. {40.00.
10 numbers on each sid» of second capital
prize at ?1.30 each. ?0O.0O.
10 numbers en each side of third capital
prize at ?1.00 each. $20.00.
' The above prizes are based on 50 cent tick
ets.
25 cent tickets entitle holder to one-half
such prize.
J12U0.0O was paid to Mr. L. D. Cole, 721
Kohler st., Los Angeles, Cal.. account of ticket
No. 1726, week of Dec. 17. 1904.
"KILLED" AT LAST
AKTER 3IAXT ESCAPES
Officer Many Times Struck In Battle
Blet Fate in Recent
Maneuvers. ' "
Army officers are not given to cal
culating their chances on the field of
battle except In the most cold-blooded
way. They have figured out for
themselves the percentage of men who
lose their lives on the field of battle as
compared with the number of rounds of
ammunition expended, and they go
about war as a purely business propo
sition. There are, however, sometimes,
peculiar Instances noted In the lives of
some officers that give those who pin
faith to that mysterious. power called
"fate" excellent argument In favor of
their particular creed.
It happens that in an Infantry regi
ment now stationed at one of the posts
in New York State there is a popular
major who enjoys the distinction of
having been wounded in almost every
engagement in which he participated,
at some time during its course. Thts
officer Is known as one of the bravest
and coolest of men on the battlefield,
and his mettle has been proven in In
dian campaigns, in Cuba, the Philip
pines and China. He has been wounded
repeatedly, some officers claim more
than any other officer in the army, but
is still a good, healthy, active speci
men of the kind of men the United
States has in its army. This officer, of
course, was compelled to take a good
deal of chaffing when . he started for
the recent maneuvers in Virginia. His
brother officers declared that he would
not get a chance to be wounded In
this campaign, and made him the butt
of several jokes of this character. It
happened, however, that the battalion
commanded by this major was thrown
into the thick of the fight in the course
of the solution of the second problem,
and with his usual ability the major
managed to secure information which
would enable him to take his command
through the enemy's lines. He made
a reconnoissance of the ground over
which he expected to make this move
with his battalion and was returning
to give the necessary orders when his
luck overtook and threw him.' He was
just about to give his orders when a
polite and efficient umpire rode up to
him and Informed him, with the. utmost
care not to injure his feelings, that he
had been "killed!" Being "dead." Jie
could not take the battalion where he
had planned, but the officer next in
rank. a. lieutenant, had, fortunately, es
caped slaughter, and, being acquainted
with the plans of his chief up to a cer
tain point, marched the battalion for
ward on his own responsibility and
made the contemplated movement. So
successful was the maneuver that it
practically won the battle for the army
to which it was attached.— Exchange.
A bov has to be mighty stupid not
to have his mother believing he Is al
most a genius.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
I CALIFORNIA LIMITED J
» LEAVES DAILY AT93O A.M. i
fg WITHOINERSANO SLEEPERS 1
Other Santa Fe Trains:
7:30 a. m.l
| 9:30 a. m. \ For Stockton. Fresno. Bakenfleld,
j S:0O p. m. J Merced. Hanford and Vlsalla.
! 4:00 p. m. For Stockton. - l -\
■ 6:00 }>. m. For Kansas City. Grand Canyon
! and Chicago.
! Ticket Office*— 641 Market rt. and Ferry Depot,
. San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak-
..land. Cal.; also 27 South 1st. San Jose.
jf^^JSpl To SAN RAFAEL,
ROSS VALLEY,
' lii#J^ii MILL valley
j ii^ffiM^ CAZADERO, Etc.
i.^*S^fi^55JSi^«J> via SanaaUto Perry
j SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
!' Depart from San Francfsco, ' dally, at t7*O5
'7:45. 8:25. 9:10. 0:50. 11:00 a. m.; 12:20 Vis!
i 3:15. 4:36. 6:15. 6:50. 0:30, 7:15. 10:15 and
11:35 p. m. . • '
Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at t8-4O
! 7:35, 8:15, 8:50. 9:35. 10:50 a. m.; 12:10 l-3o'
j 2:uS. 4:25. 5:05, 5:42, 6:22, 6:57. 7:40 and 11:25
• p. m.
I t Dally except Sunday.
I ' For Fairfax, daily, at 7:43 a. m.; also Satur-
days at 3:15 p.- m., and dally except Saturday
i and Sunday, at 5:15. p. m. '
j ;'" ■THROUGH TRAINS.
■ 7:45 a. m. daily — Cazadero and way stations.
! 3:15 p. m., ■ Saturdays only — For Cazadero
etc
>' u:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
: day, for Tomales etc.
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market st.
j FERRY — Union Depot, foot nf Market st.
■VlT. Tamalpais Railway
It. Saa Frudsoe ■— ar. Saa fnadses
*fcP»J» SMdayT ~toii*ji "TkTDiyT
- »:25a l»Sg&£*3i l:3Op «10:30a
9:50a 9:5Oa S5:55p 3:53*
ll:OO A \5S£!$Q7 4:S3p _..
l;4»p l:4Kpl Tftgyy j 0:32? 6:23p
gatarbri 4:35p «atnnUjl ll:12p
- : *TIa Grantj, Car . . y - IftTinMftf, unffl T»iw
JmSsV I Markkt ST M (North Shore Railroad*
UNCB ( and Sausauto Ferry , Foot Market St.
AUCTION SALES
£5* *s» £»
dosinz out at auction all of my old stock.
30 horses and a choice line of vehicles nf
every description. 4i> sets of harness. Sale-
TUESDAY, Dec. 27. 11 a. m.. at 1140 FOI^-
feOM ST. WILLIAM CLOUGH. Auctioneer.
fe. ft* £ft
Carload Gentle Livery and Light "Wagoa
Horse3, 220 Valencia Street
WESTERN HORSE MARKET.
RAJIAVAY TRAVEL!
I y^jTfT^^ Tmlaa 1«s»t« aid str* ««•
; (?£jx^dl 8AN FRANCISCO.
XCIJ^ {Toot of Marfcet Str«<« >
!■>*»« - MAIN LINE. -*»«tv7
7 COa Vacarllle. Winter*. Uamsey 7 SO*
7.00a Beniula. Elmlraand Sncrameato.. 7 20?
7 30a Tallejo, Kapa. fallsr.ojtm 8nu
Kosa. Martinet. Saa lumoa S.23*
7 30a Nllos, Tracy. Latbrop, Stockton.... 7.2C»
I 90a Shasta Expresa — (Via Davis).
Wim«m». Willows. tFrnto. Ue4
: Bliur. Portland. Tacoma, Seaula 7.S8»
I 80a DaTlt,Woc41azid.Enlchc* Landing.
MarysTllle. Oro»Ula 7.5C*
•■30a Martinez. Antloch. Byroa. Tracy.
Stockton. Newman. Los Csaoa,
Meatljta. Armona, Uaafurd.
Vlsalla. "OTtenrtlle «.29»
1-30* Port Costa, Modesto, Jfereed,
Fresno, Oo«iieit Jancttoo, Baa-
ford. Vlsatta* nakersfleld 4-50»»
••30a HUes. 8«n .Tow. Llrermore. Sirx-fc-
ton, (tMHU>9>. lose. Sacrum eato.
MarysTtll*. Cblco. Ued BlnlT .... 4 20»
1.30a Oakdale. Chi.nate. Jamestown. 3» . . „_
aor*. Tcnluam- »nd Aa^,:n 422»
9 COa Atlantic Express— Ottdeniaa Knit. 5-209
8.30a Rleamna*. Martinet and Way
3ut!on» 8.5o»
10 00a The Over!an4 Llmlt«4 — ««r<1«i.
Omaba. Chicago, Heaver. Kansas
10.COA vSieVo!^?!!::::::.::::::::::^ £&
10-CiOa Lot Anrelea Pasaeafer — Port
; 1 Com. Marttaes. Dyroa. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Mrreod.
Raymond. Fre»ao. Gothrn Junc-
tion. Hsnford. Lemoore. Vlsalla, _ „
Bukarsaeld. Los Angeles ....... -I-23»
I? 00m Hayward. Nlles an<1 Way Stattoas. &2Q*
ti-00? Sacramento Kl»er Steamers t11.00»
S 30* Bealda. Water*. Sacrament*
W.»o«l!»H<t, Knifhta lJia Hug.
MarysTlUe. OroTllle aad way .
stations IO-6O«
9S0w Bayward. Nil es and Way Station*.. 7.10*
I 33 P fort Costa, 11 *ri'.a*t. By ron, Tracy,
Lathrop, btoeklon, Modesto. .
Merced, Bereoda, Fresno aid
Way Stations beyotut Tort Cnsta 12-23*
« 450 P M »r«a« i.Sa 3 Ramon, V allejo,5asa>
Callsto*a. SMUHoi*. -525*
4-COPNlles. Tracy, Stockton 10.20a
4-SOPHaywaril. Nil**. IrTlstftoa, Saa I tt.SOA
Jose. LITennora J tl 1.50*
SOOPThe Owl Llmlie4— NewnMia. Loa
! Banos, Mendota. Fremo. Ttlars.
> B*kersa«ld.Lo< Angles. ...— S-50%
tSZtP Hayward, Mies and ban J«e« .^~ 7.23*
S.OCp Day warl. Nlles aad Saa Jose tSiU
COOP Eastern Ex/resa — Omaoa. Chicasa,
DfcBTer. Kaasas City. Sc Loafs.
Martinez. Stscktoa. Sacramcau^
Col fax. Reao. Spark*. Uoate'Ui.
Ozdea 72.80*
I.SOr Tallelo, dally, except Sunday .... ' 7 ena
700p Vallejo. Sunday unlr f '" au^
74)0Pi:ictimond. Dan Piblo, Pon Cost*.
Manlces and Way Stations 11.20*
'•flOPEeno Passenger— Port Costa, Be-
nlcta. Butsnn. Elmlra, Dtzoa.
Davis. Sacramento. Sparks. Ton*-
pah, KeeieT aad Way Station*... 7M»
%05p Orecon * California Express— 8a©-
ramentoy Marysrllle, Kaddlns.
Portland. Parat Sound and East. 8-53*
i.1|P Bayward. Nile* aadSsn Jos« (San-
dayonly) . 11-804
COAST LINE <.i*rnm U**i*).
(Foot ef Market 8 treat.)
8-15A Newark. CesterTllle. 8aa Josa,
Feltoa. Boalder Creek. Santa
Cms and Way Stations 5 53#
I 'U-IBp Newark, Centerrllle. Saa Josa.
New Alaaden. Lot O»u>*.Felto«.
. Boalder CrR«k, Santa Cros aaa
Principal Way Stations f 10.33*
4-1BP Newark. Baa Jose, Loa Gatos... | : ]§;||j
«t -30p Baaters' Train (Satardsy snlj)—
San Jose and Way 8tst1oni t7-2c»
COAST LINE <Uroa<t «.a.s;*V
m tV Cl'nlrd »oJ 1'ownxnJ Streeu.)
f-10A San Jote and W«y Stations......... 8 30»
OCa San Jose aad W»r Station* S.40*
• COa New Aim.irten (Tuea.. Frtd.. enty). 4.13s*
8-OOAThe Co»«rrr — San Jose. Sallnaa.
i Saa Ardo, Paso Robles. Santa
Msrearlta, Baa Lnls Oblsp*,
Onadalupe, Gariota, Santa Bi^
. .*-..- fesra. San Buenarentnra, Mob-
Ulvo, Oxnard, Bar bank, Loa
Aneelea 10-30s>
8.00a Otlroy. Holltster, CastroTille. Del
Monte. Pacific OroTe. Surf, Lr«n-
poo ... 10-30*
B.CQa Ban Jose. Tres Plnos.WauonTl'lei,
Capltola. Baata Cms. Paclfl*
Grore. Salinas. San Lnls Oblsp*
. and Principal Way Stations. ._ 4.10*
10-30a Ban Jote and way Station! M . 1.20*
11 38 a San Jose sod Way Stations.. ...... 7*0»
j 2l5P»an Jose and Way Stations •■3&»
; l.COs* Del Monte Kxpreas — Santa Clara,
1 Ean Jo«r. Wntiomlllf. Santa
Cruz. Del Mente. Monterey.
. PaciflcQrove 1215»
tJ^JOF Los Gatos. TVrtiM. Boalder Creek.
Santa Cmz. via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauge T10-45A
tZOP Vali-aria St.. SonUft San Franrlsco,
Bartlacaoie, S*n J»so, Cllr«y %
Ilolllater. Tre» Plnos 10 45a
4.30p Pan Jo«e and Way SUttant 18.00a
tSX0**8anU Clara, ban Jose. Los Gatos,
aad principal Way iutlona (ex-
cept Snaday) tS-OOA
■ sf-30*> ksaJosrsadPrlnclpalTTsyStsttoas {3.40*
64*Pbsui«rt Express.— Uedweod. Saa
! Jose.Gllr*y.Sallaaa.PaaoK«bl(>a.
I ban Luis Oblspo. S»nta Barbara.
Los Ansclrn. licmlne. Rl !■<•>. ■
et.Lont», Sew Orleans, KewTork ■ Ifta
8.45 p Psjaro, WauoBTllle. Ca pi tola,
aanta Cruz. CastroTlQe. Del
Monte. Pacific Grore...; 10 30*
1S-16P fcauMateo.Beresford,Belmoat.SM> .
Carlos. Kertwnort. Fair Oaks,
Menlo.Park. Pal* Alto t8-t*»
S 3Qp S*n Josa and War StatJona. 8-39a
8X0pPal* Alto and W*y Stations 10.1S*
ll.iO* 8outh San Francisco. Mtllbrae. Bur-
:;ag»me. baa Ma^eo, Belmnnt,
6an Carlos. Redwood, Fair Uaka,
Mealo Psrk. aad PaloAUo.. ... ML48*
■IIIOp Mayiield, Moaatala View, Snaay-
vale. Lawreace. danu Clara and
a'aJ"** t»U*g
A for Mormnx. P for Aftaraoe*.
1 S«n>U> exeet>te4 t Sondny only
«. 8aturd»7 oaly. » Monday mtw-
ttiluM al all atattua* on Sunday.
UUFMNiA 11 CO.
Tlbnron Ferry, root of Market Street.
SAW TBAKCISCO TO SAN EAPAEL.
WEEK DAYS — 7:30. 9:UO. 11:00 a. m. ; 12::s5.
3:3O. 5:lo. 0:3O p. m. Thursdays — Cxtra trla
at 11:3O d. m.
Saturdays — E*tra trip at l:5rt and 11 :.TO p. m.
SUNDAYS — 8:00. 0:30. 11:00 a. ro.; 1:30, Z.SO,
6:00. «:20. 11:30 p. n>.
SAN EA7AEL TO SAB FSAKCXSCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:o."». 7:3.-., 7:5«>. w:2u. 11:15
a. .m. ; 12:5o. 3:40. 5:0»>. 5:23 p. m.
Saturdays^ — Extra trip at 2:05 and «:S5 p. ro.
I SUNDAYS — S:0«>. »:4<». lt:15 a. m.; l:4O, 3:40.
4:03. 5:05. 6:23 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
Ban Fran. | Oct. 2. 1004. | San Fran.
Week I Sun- I r>stlna- I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Uon. | .lays, f Days.
7:30 a 8:00 & 0:10 a 8:40*
0:3i»a Ixnacio. / 1D:4i> ailO:2^»
I 3:30 p 3:30 p - 6:UT>pj r.:"JOp
j &:10d 5:0O o ' »-.:;.". p,
7:30 a 0:10 a| S:4Oa
8:00 a: Novato. 10: lo ajlO:20 »
3:30 p &:.".i>a * Petaluma D^p; 8::»i
5:10 d 3:30 p and 7:35 p|
a:0O v ' Santa Kosa. ['• '
7:30 a 10:4r>a|10:2t> a
8:00a Fulton. 7:35p 6:20 p
3:80 p S:3Op |
I Windsor. - I
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdsburf. 10:40 a 10:£0-a
Lytton,
3:30 p 3:30 p Geyservlile, 7:33 p 8:20 p
. ' . Cloverdale. f'
7:30 a! *:POa| Hopland [10: 10 a',10-20 a
3:30 p! 3:3Op! and Uklah. j 7:33 pi 6:2t>t>
, 71 j Wllllts and I . "1
7:3(*a| 8:00 a| Sherwood. | 7:35 p' 6:20 p
7:30 a! S:00a| |10:4(Ta'10:20»
3:30 p| 3:'K)pl Gueroevllle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:<X>a! Sonoma I 0:10 af 8:»0a
5:10 pi 5:00 p| Clen Ellen. |6:05p! 8:20 p
7 :30 al 8 :00 al jlb~:4o"a iroTaTi
3:30 pi 3:30 p| Sebastopol. [ 7 S^ p! 6 :2C p
i STAGES connect at Green tirae for Sari
Quentln;,at Santa Rosa fcr White Sulphur
Sprigs and Mark West Sprlnps; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs; at • Ueyaervill« for Skaggs
Springs; at Cloverdale "for the Ceyspw. Boone-
vtlle and Greenwood^ at. Hoplamt for 'Duncao
Springs. HlKhland Springs. Kelaeyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprlnics. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Springs, and . Lake County Hot Springs; at
fklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Sprtmcs,
Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, WUter Spring,
Upper Lake, Pomo,' Potter Valley, 'John Day's.
Riverside "Lierly's Bucknell's. Sanbedrln
Heights, Hallvllle. Orr's Hot Springs Halfway
1 Houte. Comptche. Hopk lea.' Mendocino " City.
1 Fort Brags;. ,. WestpoTt an<l IT^al: at Wllllts f^'
I Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers: at Sherwood
• for Cahto. Covelo, Laytonvtll*, Cummings.
Bell's Springs Harris. Hubbard. Fruir'.m!.
Dyer, Garbervllle, Camp 5 Pepperwood. ScotU
and , Eureka. .
■ Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at re.
duced rates. • .-»■
' On Sunday — Round- trtp tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
. , Ticket office. 63O Market street. Chronic!*
.building; . • •"
i JAS. L. FRAZIER. R.* X/ RTAN,
.Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Aft.CHRISTMAS HANDICAP WILL BE RUN TO-DAY AT TRACK ACROSS THE BAY
CLAUDE AND ELLIOTT
WILL REPRESENT DALY
Strong Reid Carded for the handicap
Largest Attendance of Season Expected
to Witness the Race.
The largest crowd of the season is
expected at Oakland track to-dav to
witness the racing, as high-class sport
is assured. With the rain holding oft
the track should be In fairly good
shape.
The main attraction will be the
Christmas Handicap with a value of
more than $4000. The event is for
three-year-olds and upward at one
nnd a quarter miles. Nine of the fast
est horses in training aTe to start.
Claude and Elliott will represent M. J.
Daly, while Dainty. Gold Money and
Arcade compose a trio from the
Jennings stable. Military Man and
Bombardier are also prominent can
didates. The race has aroused much
interest.
The two-year-old race at a mile
should also prove a good cjontest.
There will be an extra boat to'ac
commodate racegoers on the return
trip to this city.
..On Wednesday there will be a. J1000
handicap at a mile and seventy yards
for all ares. .
The New Tear Handicap with $2000
aflded at one and an elffhth miles will
v»e run Monday, January 2. The first
tico-j-ear-old race will also be a
feature that day.
CORRIGAX IS TV CONTROL..
in- Preparing: to Commence Racing
on the Xew Orleans Track.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Dec. 25. — Ed
ward Corrigan is in absolute control
of the affairs of the New Orleans
Jockey Club. By a resolution passed
at a meeting of the stockholders, Mr.
Corrigan's actions up to the present
lime were strongly indorsed and any
thing he might see fit to do in the
future was commended by the stock
holders of the club.
Mr. Corrigan will return to the city
immediately after the holidays, and
will confer with the stockholders of
the club as to the date on which rac
ing should be commenced on the new
track. Several owners of horses here
*iave already been seen by the officers
of the new club and have agreed to
transfer all thrir horses to the track
sis soon u the stables are completed.
Handball at the Olympic Club.
The upual big gallery watched the
Siaridball games yesterday at the
Olympic Club. Charles Knight, one of
t-he heavyweight? ~f the club, played
a match game with J. W. McCarthy
-and won three out of four. Both men
■were tired at the finish. Scores, 21
17. 21-K. 13-21. 21-14.
Louis Levy and Adolph Pockwitz.
firet class players, met and Levy won
two straight games. Scores, 21-13
21-0. Levy will play Dr. Converse on
Wednesday night. George James and
Monroe Green will play the same
On Saturday last Harry W.
Bogan defeated Henry Russ in two
straight games. Scores, 21-8, 21-20.
Fred Bain and Dr. Converse are the
only players in the first class unde
feated. The play in the other classes
is quite exciting, as the . men are
evenly matched.
Baseball Meeting Postponed
CHICAGO. Dec. 25-— The annual
meeting of the American Baseball As
sociation announced to be held this
week has been postponed until January
35. The cause of the postponement is a
dpsir* to wait until after the meeting
of the national commission January 9.
whe*e the minors are going to make a
strong plea to win over the American
•League regarding the plan for draft
ing players, already favored by the Na
tionals.
Sailor Falls Overboard.
J. Clung, a sailor on board the
schooner Ploughboy. anchored at
Fourth, and Brannan streets, got full
of egg nog and other Yuletide bever
ages last night and fell overboard
while trying to board the craft. He
was rescued by his fellow seamen and
taken to the Central Emergency Hos
rjitnl, where he was poon revived.
TIKE IN MATTRESS FACTORT.— Fire
t'roke fixit in the msttreM and upholstering
'■eiaMisJimect of T. Hollander, on the north
yst-nt romer of Mafion and Clay *treets and
rx-JVir*- it »s« extinguished damage to the
*M«-nt cf Jimxi bad rxH»n done to the building
ar><1 its <~rin:<-ntc. Spontaneous combustion i«
*upi«>eed to havf hefn the cans*-. Th» build
tOS 1* » tw>-*tory frame and the upper por
tion I* «v-oupi«i a* an *partm«nt-hou!?e. \V.
M<-yrr cf Alameda if the owner of the prop
»rty.
ADVERTISE31EVTS.
WEAK MEN CURED
j*t**. We have a safe
*a.OO«tv»TU»/aC?V< - SIMPLE HOME
( fj cure and want
'S fa")^^ n UNDEVELOPED
jjl ft 1 *& &* L . *^ Of z; man to try Jt for
*fr" '>A itj-f "c >? « < 10 days en ap-
e S rtff proval without
t5 t' '>H^iVv -SjO charre. Can on
'S3' Al^/v Jp tilO Vw ur write for
fS inL.^tSr7 r, cj2 > > our new \?ry in-
.PONTME X&3Q* rtructlve JOO-pa ?e
ffi* Q ,^y* ~5 ; "Trfuxiy* 0^:
til WlSjt tV F»l k fftfrf * Plain injr our rr.ovt
■ niniisiiiaii' remarkable treat-
ment. It will rt-*torc- the fire an4 VIGOK
«-.f TOT;th. The only po«ltiv» rneani known
<^^ K-UTBCT uaCTHOAL MCPCATipN |^^*^>
which will fal'.y e&larr* ajnl completely d«-
\»_icp the organs, used with our Soluble Cray.
<> quickly cures ail drains and discharges.
Varicoeele, Stricture. Premature Decay, En-
.srf'n.'rt cf Prostate Gland, etc. Our phjr-
ticians are experienced specialicts for MEX
orM". VT* have the tncit eucces«ful home cure
in th* world. CALL or WRITE TO- DAT.
Eock ttzt EECTREXT SEALED free. Hours—
9 to 9. Sundays— 10 to I.
Vacnnm Appliance Co., ffigff
i) visit DR. JORDAN'S orcat
Museum of anatomy
a Q) :c:;jarnrsT.tft.ft«ni.s.r.cu.
\ Xf Tbc Larreit A—jMiiol Mum la tk*
A , .p-T 1 w « Tl «- wsstgssKi «r n r cmtneud
O /SjKfcl *■«=»*»«•• «»>«C»»«. E»l. Ujein
A &tft*l DR. J0R3/LN-BISEASEI CF MEN
i iCv^H CmoKuIu fre» «ad wrti-fy prtnta.
A I T±\rfl Traatmcnl p*reaaaliy or b» lartrr. A
\lr II f**mi§ Om :m arcrjr wi wnirrttieti .
• AH it A Wnrtfor »t*k, raii.*«ursT.r
f P I ItT ■mnitci.. vailid raaa. ( a.
k 0 ft vsJusbic btit tar nn)
" OB. JttllD A> * CO.. INI Mtrktt Et..R. T.
a Dr. Gibbon^ Dispensary,
629 HEABXT ST. Established
in IM4 for tfie treatment of Private
Diseases. Lout Man hood. Debility or
disease wearinrnn bodyaDd mind and ,
fcirtr Diaeavea. The Doctorcares'Trtiea
others fall. Try hlns. " Charges low.
(urrifrasraBleed. CaU or write.
Or. J. r. «,ibdo>, ban Frandaco, CaL
SELECTIONS
FOR TO-DAY
AT OAKLAND
BY FRED E. MTOLHOMiAXD.
First roc*— Golden Buck, Edgecliff,
Second race— Sir Preston, Young
Pepper, Educate. *
wemi lrd race— Tocolaw, Magrane, Ro-
Fourth race — Daly stable, Modi,
cmn, Bombardier.
Fifth race — Isabellka, Anvil, 3Ir.
.£ arnum. >
Sixth race— -Dr. Leggo, Ara, Hooll-
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
The Christmas handicap, over a dis
tance of one and one-quarter miles, will
be the feature event on to-day's card
at Oakland. There is also an attractive
two-year-old event in which Dr. Leggo,
Ara, Hooligan and Sea Air and others
are carded to start. The day's entries:
Fim race— Six and a half f urlon»s, two
year-olds, eellln*-:
7599 »Golden Buck < Schorr) 101
7588 "Dixelle < Wilson) 96
7598 •Jerueha (Engstrom) I. IlOl
7615 •The Gadfly (Keene & Co ) »9
<T611)*Edg*cliff (Judge) ioi
75f9 «JLadr Fashion (Miller) 1]\]"[[\\ »8
f75'Jfl)Baker fMcAlester) jog
l^t ~- A - Pcire11 Uonea * Luok) !iot
.599 Edrodun (Lagoria & Forbe*) 1C8
Second race— Six furlong*, three-year olds
and up. «e!llng: <
76iO 'Batldor (Fine) og
7620 *ldoco ( .Vllson) " 1 1 1 1 "'.!"" 8»
ii£i g rennu « T-idye) ...1C9
• 022 Homeric i Komlgh) 103
7367 'Educate < Hoppas) ' 104
:y n - iSfiwell* «P«yton & Kahnt ...lOT
(i60a)»Toup*e <CIark) 93
"605 *Vounjr Pepper (Getchell) 95
7.'.r* Miss May Eowdieh <D!aB!ns«me) ICO
iClfl •?!!- Preeton (Scharetg) . . 09
7f.S9 'Contestant <Neil> ""»3
75S0 Profitable < Winter) " " ' 109
Third race — Sir furlongs, three vear-o!d«
purse :
7607 Darksome <Toub*y) 100
7614 Masrane (Magranei ios
7615 The Cure < Brinkworth & Co.) 108
7501 Kofrena <Gi ylord tc Co. I ..100
74C5 Captain Fo'*ce (New England stable). 103
7ftH Judge (Mf Alester) jc3
75S2 Tocolaw (Jennings &. <~o. » "103
<76<!7)Bonrh«»l <Moonn*a<l Farm) .'..'."'lOS
751» Hugh McGowjn (Dyer) \qq
Fourth rac» — One and a quarter miles, the
Christmas handicap, three-year-olds and ud
*:HiOO added. . - v '
<ir.£!)Darnty (Jennlcgs & Co):... .::.... .M25
7EM Gold Money <J«nninr* & Co.) 110
7602 Arcade (Jennings &• Co.) 105
7610 Flying Torpedo (Ezell) 105
7W.4 Modicum (Fountain) 107
Gr«eC)Bombardler (Skinner A Co-.) 100
7C02 Eillott (Daly) m
(7<.0S)ClMUde (D«ly> , u>7
7M>2 Mlllta*? Man (Ferguson) 102
Fifth race— One and a sixteenth miles, three
year-olds and up, selling-.
761*0 Meisiersinyer (Healey) 107
7620 'Anvil (Hurray) ....* ;hj
7f21 # Mr. Farnum t Wilson) »(}•
<7622)*Dun?Bnnon <Knebelkamp) ...100
7C90 »Gfn Spray <De Neffe* 90
.(20 Wenriuk (Dayton & Kahn) 100
757* •Blackthorn (Fink) sj>
7593 Duke of Richelieu fGottung) .* 101
75M Grafter f Blaeingame) 101
761K) 'Major Tenny (Piedmont Stable) 104
7r.6R *I«abellita <Ronaldj>on) lot
7tl4 Matt Hoian momighj 104
Sixth race — One mil*, two-year-ojde purse
7t>13 Sea Air <McL4ughIin) 104
7WK Ara (Stevens & Son) 103
7613 Lady Goodrich (Applegate; lot
t7«l.T)Dr. Leggo <V\ilson) no
~Sbf> Hooligan fFouhtain) 104
7613 Royal Red (Touhey) 100
7613 A. Muskoday (Dodge) 103
•Apprentice allowance. '
TAKING TROLLEY RIDES
IN COAL MINES
A New Diversion Which People Have
Taken To in the State of
Missouri.
The trolley has, been put to a new
use. Out in Missouri, where there are
many coal mines, one of the
amusements of people is to ride
through the black diamond caves In
electric cars.
Incandescent lights are strung along
the entire distance, the roofs are high
arid well supported, the air is clean and
dry and there is no more cause for ap
prehension than; in taking a trolley
ride about a large city.
Missourians insist that bo far as min
ing matters are concerned they are in
advance of most of the Eastern States.
Five or six years ago most of the mines
were nothing but holes in the ground,
timbered and shored, with two streaks
of rust leading into them and now and
then a gaunt mule leading a car out
of them.
Now there are dozens of mines in the
State and a woman in a white Swiss
gown could Journey through for miles
without getting so much as a soot
mark on the hem of her garment.
Two reasons exist for the change.
One is that the State Legislature
adopted careful laws governing the op
eration of mines, an/1, the other is' that
the mine operators have found it cheap
to use electricity.
Some of the mines employ electricity
for power in hauling everything. A
few use it on the main entries and still
use the mules on the cross -and side
entries. - , .-.•.
These lines are built on the same
principle as the ordinary trolley; with
the rod running upon & wire strung
along the roof. Besides the cars used
for carrying coal to the dump each
mine has a passenger car. in which the
men are taken to and from their work
and in which excursionists are taken
through the drifts.
Formerly one current of' air was
thought .sufficient to maintain life and
health. A means was discovered by
which the currents could be split and
one carried over the other- Now every
large mine ha» from twelve to fifteen
currents constantly circulating through
it and the air is nearly as pure as on
top. T^HB
Invention has yet been unable- to find
a substitute for the pick and shovel.
These are still in use.— New -York Sun.
HURT BT KALI. FROM CAR.— Oakland.
Dec. 25. — Frank Collins, a carpenter, fell from
an electric car this .morning: at Fifty-ninth
street and Ehattuck avenu*.- His tn juries, . bad
cuts about th» bead,, were. treated at the Re
ceiving Hospital. ■,'■., . - '
HQRREMAN KICKED - IN HEAD.—Oak
lank. Dee. 25.— William naUugher. * horse
man, was kicked .by. a horae^at Krn»ryville to
day, eust af nine a nsvere < Injury that . may ; cost
Gallagher the'^lght of: his lefteya.-
THE SAN FRANCISCO.- CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 26. 1904.
"HILDIE'S" FORM
AT A DISCOUNT
Season's Premier Jockey
Experiences a Slump and
Rides but Few AVinners
FOSSIL IS A FAVOKITE
The Fresno Gelding Is Fan
cied by the Talent for
the Hollywood Handicap
Special Dispatch to The Call
LOS* ANGELES, Dec. 25.— While
there were several startling reversals
of form at Ascot Park during the week
none has caused so much talk as the
slump of Jockey Hildebrand.
This is all the more remarkable to the
sports, as Hildebrand ranks as the best
jockey in the country and he has not
been on bad horses here.
Since coming to Los Angeles he has
broken the world's record for winning
mounts in any one year. While he is
riding in his present indifferent man
ner he is a constant menace to the bet
ing men who cannot play his mounts
with an assurance of winning, and yet
cannot afford to pass him by on ac
count of what he can eo when he Is
right. He had twenty-seven mounts
during the week, finished first three
times, second four times, third six
times and was fourteen times outside
of the money and generally on favor
ites.
The first of the big stakes of the As
cot Park meeting will be run to-mor
row in the Hollywood Handicap at one
and one-sixteenth miles. Ten of the
class horses here are provable starters.
It is not likely any of them will be
scratched. Fossil, with 116 pounds, and
Nitrate, with 95, are the only ones in
the race that have not been racing at
A£cot. Some of the wise ones pick-Fos
sil to win the stake- The track should
be in fine condition and fast.
EMIGRATIOX FROM STATE
TO FOREIGX COUNTRIES
Brazil Get* Greatest Xumber With
United States Xext Then
Areentlua.
Very much interesting : information
is contained in the recent annual re
port of Italy's Commissioner General
of Emigration. It is slated that as a
result of the great current of emlgra
ticn the Italian population abroad is
constantly increasing. A calculation
of the number of Italians living in for
eign countries was made by the Min
istry of Foreign Affairs in 18 81 and
Ifc91, and in 1901 a similar calculation
was made by the Commissioner Gen
eral of Immigration from a study of
the last general census of the popula
tion of the kingdom. It has been
ascertained that there were 1,032,392
Italians living abroad in 1881, 1,983,
206 in 1891 and 3,439,014 in 1901. Of
the latter number 654,000 were scat
tered * over Europe; 168,000 were" in
Airica. (Tunis, 83,000; Algeria, 39.000;
Egypt, 38,t)00); 745,000 were in North
America, 729,000 in the United States
and 11,000 in Canada), and 1,852,000
were in South America . (618,000 in
Argentina and 1,100.000 in Brazil). •
According to the Italian law the de
parture of Italian emigrants from for
eign ports is in general prohibited.
Exception has, however, been made in
the case of the French Compagnie
Generate Trans-Atlantique, which car
ries Italian emigrants from Havre to
New York, for the reason that every
year 12.000 to 14,000 emigrants go
from Northern Italy to New York,
who, paying the same passage money,
including railroad fare, save live or six
days in the trip to New York by sail
ing from Havre instead of Genoa.
In his report the Italian Commis
sioner General of Immigration states
that emigration is a; necessity for
Italy, and if it were not for this safety
valve, this possibility of finding occu
pation elsewhere, grave disorders
would occur against the public peace,
for the reason that existing territory
and capital in Italy are not sufficient
to give occupation to the mass of the
people. There is no doubt, he says,
that economic progress is being made
in Italy in agricultural as well' as in
the industries— in some parts of the
country, in other parts less. Any one
who can give good security can always
find credit. Nevertheless, it is evi
dent that the supply of hands exceeds
the demand. It is necessary that pro
gress along- certain mental and moral
lines keep pace with increase in capi
tal, in orOer that industrial expan
sion may take place, and since the
spirit of enterprise and association,
professional instruction and good faith
in commerce cannot easily be spread
impromptu, it is sometimes necessary
t > export labor. ;
The Commissioner General's report
further states that from September,
1901. to March. . 1904. more than
162.000 emigrants left Italy for North
and South American ports with pre
paid tickets, that is. tickets received
from friends or relatives abroad. The
proportion of prepaid tickets Is one
quarter of the total number, and. in
the case of the Prince Line, for New
York, the proportion of prepaid tick
ets was nearly one-half the number of
tickets. •
The report records that the Banco
di Napoli. recognized by Italian law
as a suitable depository for emigrants'
money, bad. In 1903. established forty
four branches in the United States.
These banks received $1,436,252 of
such money in 1902 and $3,583,511 in
1903. — New York Commercial.
"Henry," exclaimed Mrs. Naggum,
"those ashes from your cigar are go
ing to fall."
"My dear," observed Henry, "these
are Port Arthur ashes; they'll hang on
along time yet, no matter what the
casual observer predicts." — Cleveland
§ C00K_B00KS.' I
» Owing to the unusual denuuid J3
: w on the part of our • subscribers S
8 for THE CALL'S Premium Cook T
J^ Book It has been necessary to fe
« order an additional supply. £
« These books are expected about 8
Q the ISth inst., on and after, «
8 which date they . will - be at the §
8 disposal of. onr patrons at the &
S very low price of;50e. , Q
8 To subscribers receiving their «
K paper by mail there will be an o
« additional charge of 25c to pre. 8
8 pay expressage. We also have S
8 on hand a few, copies* of* "Wild g
S Animals I , Have Met,", thor-' 8
» oughly descriptive ] of the whole 8
q animal 1 kingdom, ; on : the ' samel «
X , terms.' t . Order iiow, as our sup- . «
8 - ply Is limited. ; ; 4 Q
PEACE HOVERS
ABOUT NELSON
Fighter From Chicago and
His Boy 3Ianager Absorb
Spirit of Christ mastide
TO GO EAST TOGETHER
Dane Will Try Six-Round
Style \ of Competition on
the Atlantic Seaboard
The appearance of Manager Ted
Murphy on the scene seems to have
cooled Battling Nelson's ardor for re
venge. Peace is seemingly restored
once again and it looks as though the
pair will say good-by to San Francisco
and make a getaway to the windy city
of Chicago as soon as the legai part
of. the business can be arranged. .As
Kelson seems satisfied with the present
state of affairs there is every reason
to believe everything will be. quietly
adjusted.
Nelson has evidently been burdened
with too many advisers and incidental
ly has been having too good a time
along the line. He has at last come
to a realization of just how he stands
and will probably take Murphy's ad
vice and forsake the primrose path and
its gay charmers. Nelson and Murphy
partook of their Christinas dinner to
gether last night and this helped in a
great measure to bridge the yawning
gap that for a while made it look bad
for the boy manager.
The name of William A. Pierce, the
widely known sporting writer of Bos
ton, has been mentioned in connection
with Nelson as a possible successor to
Murphy as manager. The Dane says
he has never been approached by either
Pierce or by his friends in this particu
lar. Pierce says he is too high-priced
a manager for Nelson and never
thought of succeeding Murphy in di
recting the affairs of the man from
Heprewisch.
Nelson is anxious to try his mettle
ir« some six-round bouts on the Atlantic
seaboard. He draws the line at
Yanger, Mowatt and others who scoffed
at him a year ago. They are anxious
now to have a chance at the loser's
end with him, as he is a drawing card.
JOHXSOX AND HART MAY MEET,
Greggains Is Also Thinking: About
.Matthias: Attell anil Hyland.
Manager Alex Greggains of the San
Francisco Club is still In a quandary
about the men he will match to box in
January. It now looks as thqugh Jack
Johnson and Marvin Hart will be the
principals, though as yet Greggains
has not made up his mind. Both men
express themselves as, being willing,
but Greggains has not satisfied himself
as to how the pair will draw.
A match between Monte Attell and
Dick Hyland is also in view. Attell has
been doing some good work in the East
and Greggains thinks he will draw well
here, being a native .son. If the latter
pair is signed ,up, Greggains will also
bring Tommy Burns arid Dave Barry
together, thus making a double main
event for his show.
Sam Berger and "Twin" Sullivan
boxed four fast rounds at gheehan's
yesterday in the presence of a big crowd
of onlookers. Berger showed himself In
perfect form and surprised Sullivan
with his ability to block, duck and
counter. After the bout Sullivan pat
ted Berger on the' back and said he
would do.
FILIPINO -PEACE. OFFICERS
MAKE QUITE AN ARMY
Former Governor Taft Sees Peril
in^So Large an .Anned '
Korce.
The native constabulary in the Phil
ippines,' 6000 strong, which, together
with the native scouts, the United
States troops and the municipal police,
must maintain peace, in the islands, is
a .subject of distrust in certain quar
ters. There are complaints that the
Government is educating a lot of dan
gerous^ irresponsible natives to fight
against it should another revolution
occur. These critics find ground for
their apprehension in a recent .mutiny,
and also in the fact that many of the
privates were in . the army of Agui
naldo, and that after serving terms- of
two years and learning all there Is to
know they decline to re-enlist. .
It is true there was a mutiny,
or rather desertion, in the constabu
lary forces in Northern Luzon last
February. Ricarte, captain general
and supreme dictator of the democratic
republic of the Philippines,; whose
headquarters are in the bush, managed
to get into communication with a cor
poral and six men in charge of one of
the constabulary posts in the \ moun
tains. By appealing to their vanity
and craze for titles he persuaded them
to desert their posts and become ■ma
jor: generals and brigadier generals In
his phantom army.
The Filipinos arc always dramatic,
and this corporal and si* men deserted
with as much ceremony, as might at
tend the organization- of an empire.
They were almost immediately-cap
tured, however. Two of them have
been sentenced to death, and cthe, : Test
i have gone to the penitentiary 'for. life.
These severe penalties were considered
not only , expedient, but necessary for
moral effect upon the remainder of the
corps, and to convince alF.whom it
might concern of the folly and :l danger
of trifling with the sovereignty, of the
United States.
This is the only instance in which
the ' constabulary have proved faith
less, and it Is known that they j have
been tempted many times. v
I In addition to the constabulary, there
is a corps of 5000 native scouts,* under
the direct command of the. fmilitary,
and the ordinary municipal / police
force*, which throughout the islands
aggregates ten; captains, 171" lieuten
ants, 6S8 sergeants, 1181 corporals: and
7873 ; privates— a grand total * of 9925
men. Thus, altogether, there are ln ; tho
neighborhood of ,20,000 . natives' '.under
arms for the purpose of preserving
peace and . order, and ; about . th<» . same
number of regular American, troops. ■<
v Former Governor Taft, in his final re
port; alluded; indirectly to the appre
hensions that have been frequently ut
terod concerning the- peril.: of drilllne
and arming so many, natives,^ for they
alone would make \ a \ formidable force
Incase of another revolution. f '-- '
The "British : Government; i v after j the
awful lesson taught 'by the Sepoy .■mu
tiny, in : 1S57, .came ■ to : a similar conclu
sion?^ and i, since that, date,; although
there": never has been ; a revolution; : ,t wo
pvhite English .soldiers have been gar
risoned ; in that ; empire ; t or \ every ina-.
live' under- arms.— : Washington Star.
A : erirl sometimes encourages, one man
In order 5'tOr test her love ;. for* another.
EIGHT TENNIS PLAYERS REMAIN
IN DOUBLES TOURNAMENT.
Competition Proyes a Marked Success
■ on Courts of tlie California CM)
To Be Concluded This Afternoon
The scratch doubles tennis tourna
ment played on the California Club
tennis courts yesterday proved a mark
ed success and was thoroughly enjoyed
by the contestants. In most instances
a good and a poor player drew together,
so.no team of the fourteen entered out
classed the rest. At- the call of time
late in the afternoon four teams were
left in the competition. They are Ray
Splivalo and Chester Smith, Harry
Rolfe and Paul Jones. Bradley Wallace
and Frank Mitchell, and George Janes
and Melville Long. • The survivors will
meet to-day in the semi-finals.
Most of the matches were won hand
ily, only two requiring the full three
sets. By far the closest match of the
day occurred in the first round when
Paul Jones and Harry 1 Rolfe met and
defeated Dr. Younger and Grant Smith.
The latter won the first set as they
pleased and looked like sure winners..
In the second s/t they were constantly
aheaQ. until their opponents won by an
8-6 score. In the third set Younger and
Smith led at 4-2, but Rolfe and Janes
fought hard and put up a good up-hill
game. They took this set by a 7-5
score.
The preliminary round match be
tween Bradley Wallace and Frank
Mitchell and Spencer Grant and George
Cutter was also close. Cutter and
Evangelists in the Orient
We all know that, evangelists are
honest, well-meaning people, and we
respect them accordingly. They seri
ously believe that they serve the Savior
by invading the ancient civilizations of
Asia and endeavoring to persuade them
of their error. The notorious fact that
they have never yet "converted" a
single Buddhist or Mohammedan or
Confucian of fair intelligence and res
pectable position means much to the
philosophical observer, but . does not
disturb the unconquerable enthusiasm
of the missionaries. The fact remains,
nevertheless, that neither in India, nov
Asia, nor China, nor Japan hag our
theology made the slightest genuine
progress since the first launching of J)he
propaganda. That missionaries havk
caused trouble, aroused bitter animosi
ties and frequently ushered in a reac
tion to the worst forms of barbarism
is undeniable. But that they have
saved a soul, in my proper meaning of
the phrase, has never yet been proven.
—Washington Post.
One of the Finest Works of Art Which Was on
Exhibition in the FRENCH SECTION at the
GREATEST WORLD'S FAIR
' Has been reproduced by special permission in its
original exquisite colors and will be presented in
the superb series of famous paintings
FREE WITH THE NEXT
SUNDAY SAN FRANCISCO QSLL
.; : :-;^\^^^^S>ssw^W^J*^^^*Ss3ss8bsmBK- Irf " :^^^sSH^By^tsM^^^C 1^T^MHssM^B^Ess^isrnPr^^\^U.iL" '" "*■■-'■■* * i j»jW>* t »t ■ ■■■':*%, ■•■■■■. ■ '. ' : . -:■;■ . N NV^ Vki
• '■- ' ' "THE FERRYMAN."
' THE CALL'S picture for next week is a most .beautiful example of
the work of the celebrated French artist, Leon Gogneaux..
This picture portravs a scene in the daily life of the ever picturesque
' French peasant, and with its beautiful coloring and quaint figures produces •
a most pleasing, and attractive efFect.
/'The clouds, the low banks of the stream and the veryriDolcs on the
v.'ater stand out so clearly and distinctly and are so true to nature that one
/may well imagine that he is gazing on the scene itself.
■1l-EMEMBER :;Y 0«^Wn"Cet This BEAUTIFUL PICTURE IN COLORS,
M^mivmPE.^ «, a m. 1 a. Inches, Ready^fbr a Frame : ' ■ -j^ : : :
NEXT SUNDAY, January 1st, WitK Your
SUNDAY SAN FRANCISCO CALL
Grant won the first pet by a small mar
gin, but Mitchell and Wallace took the
next two.
After winning two close sets from B.
F. Nourse and William Murphy in the
preliminary round W. S. MacGavin and
Alexander Beyfuss defaulted in the
first round
The two teams left in the upper half
are evenly matched and the match be
tween them will probably be close. In
the lower half Long and Janes should
win rather easily from Mitchell and
Wallace. The tournament will be re
sumed this morning and will be com
pleted this afternoon. The finals will
be played at 2:30.
The scores follow
Preliminary round— Hay Splivalo and Ches
ter Smith teat C G. Kuehn and Harry Sprint
6 — a, « — 3: Harry Rclfe and Paul Jones beat
H. Lund and E. P. Bobbins, 6 — O. 6 — U; Grant
Smith and Dr. Your.g'r beat W. G. Knowlton
and H. E. Punnett. « — 4. Vr— I; Frand Mitchell
and BradlVy Wallace beat George Cutter ana
Spencer Grant. 5—7. «—'_'. ♦' — I; W. fi. Mae-
Oavin and Alexander Beyfuss beat B. F.
XouriM? and William Murphy 6 — 4. 6 — Is Al
Kenycn and Harold Gabriel beat S. II. Adams
and Herbert Jones by default.
First round — Hmith anil Splivalo beat Moulton
"Vyamer and Dr. Lovegrov*. 6 — -. 6 — 3; Rclfe
arid Jones beat Sir.Uh and Younger, "J— 6, S — 6.
7—5: Mitchell and Wallace beat Ma -Gavin
and Beyfuss by default ; Janes and "Long beat
Krnyon and Gabriel, 6—2, 6 — ♦.
Semi-finals — iTo be played to-day). Smith
and Splivalo vs. Jcnes and Rolfe; Mitchell and
Wallace vs. Lone and Jane?. > •
Mistake of a Western Surgeon.
Clarence Douglass of Musgokee is
poking fun at at Clark Moore's radium
water and tells this story: Recently
a patient, while shaving himself, sliced
off the end of his nose, and very natur
ally dropped the razor, which in fall
ing cut off one of his big toes. A local
surgeon bandaged him- up, but in the
excitement of the moment bound the
end of the toe to the nose wound, and
put the nose where the toe ought to
be. The mistake was not .discovered
for three days, when the bandages were
removed, and by that time, thanks to
the wonderful curative powers of the
radium water, perfect union had taken
place and both wounds were found to
be completely healed. The only incon
venience the patient now experiences
Is trimming the toenail on the end of
his nose and taking off his shoe when
he wants to sneeze. — Kansas City
Times.
Don't, be dissatisfied with your lot.
Hang: on to it and pray for a real es
tate boom. , ;;• ■
ALBION ROVERS
ARE DEFEATED
Occidentals Beat a Short
Team at Freeman's .Park
Three Goals to Nothing
THREE GAMES TO-DAY
Vampire Eleven in Annual
Match Against Sailor
Boys on Alameda Ground
The Occidentals and the Albion Rov
ers played a practice match of associa
tion football yesterday at Freeman's
Park, Golden Gate. Though the gam*
had been widely advertised in uakland
and elsewhere, the captain of the Al
bion Rovers and other members of the
team were absent, and the ball was not
kicked off till 3 p. m.. thoush 2:30 was
the time announced. Shand took
charge of the goal for the Albion Rov
ers ard performed his npart well.
In the Srs: period the play was even,
neither side scoring a goal. In the sec
end half the- Occidentals put the ball
into the n^t three times, one of tha
goals being made by Fullback Tlerney.
the ball striking the bar and glancing
off into the net in such a way that
Shand had no chance to s'nve thf goa 1 .
The Albion Rover* played with two
half -backs. A. E>. Couper was referra
and the teams occupied the following
Albion Hovers. Position. Occidental*.
Shand Goal Rush ton
Bavne R. p McCarthy
Tar'.or L. tl Tlerney
Bain R. II. . B Fern™
(Absent) !..<;. it. B Mathlescn
Insann! 1.. H. B Anderson
Ortcn o. R Gooiltec
McArthur I. n ..."... Miln-
Alns worth V. F T.ydon
Whyte I. I.. Taylor
Bradley O. L,. Hayes
On y the ground at Idora'Park «*
scratch tfnm of Independents, short cf
men. played a practice game against a
team of Oakland Hornets, also lacking
its full complement.
• There v.ill be three practice matches*
to-day on the ground at Ninth and
Bryant streets. The Occidentals will
play a game of association football
against the Wolf Tones, champions o^
Gaelic football. At Freeman's Pack.
Oakland, the Albion Rovers will play
against ihe Pirates. At Alameda the
Vampires will engage in their annual
contest against the Seamen's Institute
of San Francisco. In all three games
the. ball will be kicked off at 2:30 p. m.
STRUCK BT ELECTniC CAR.— Oakland
Dec. 25. — Robert t>. Founton. a blacksmith,
was struck to-nlzht at- Third street an<l
Broadway by an electric car and- suffered se
vere lacerations of the *cat;> and concussion
of the brain. He was taken to the Receiving
°! P * ' . »
1112
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Goldberg, Bowen & Co.
FIVE BIG BUSY STORES
Quality First — Then the Price
CIGARS for New Years gifts--- HUITlidOrS
12 — 25 — 50 — IGO in box
Original packages %\ up — handsome cabinets to preserve their,
' fine flavor. Ladies can order here safely — we know what to send.
Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
After Christmas there is generally a lull.. These
prices will awaken your interest and keep us busy. .
Nabisco Wafers 20 Bouillon Capsules 25
Vanilla, chocolate, reg'ly 30c can Beef tea, reg'ly 30c, io in box
Bee Brand Ceylon Tea Kona Coffee 20
, regly 60c, 60c, 80c, $1 The quality as well as price
special 40, 50, 60, 80 makes it popular, reg'ly 25c lb
Boneless Sardines 25 -Spanish Olives 20
. • French, reg'ly 30 lge can 14 oz bot? reg »iy 25c
Guava Jelly-reg'ly 30 iar 25 pj ce _Creole - 5 lbs 45
Hawaiian, delicious doz 2.80 Carolina, reg'ly 10c lb 10 " 90
Beete-Oneida Community 30 Soap-Carmel 6 cakes 50
Pickled, fresh, reg'ly 35c qt jar Made from olive oil, reg'ly 60c
; Macaroni-Spaghetti 12>4 Puree de Fois Gras 20
Letters and numbers, vermicelli Teysonneafa, reg'ly 25c can
La Favorita, reg'ly 15c lb Gcose liver paste
Horseradish Mustard 12# Smyrna Figs 20
Piquant flavor, reg'ly 15c bot Clean, fresh, reg'ly 25c lb
BOM For New Years' Eve — full of noise,- fun,
BonS surprises, hats, caps — as low as 10c doz.
Bloater mackerel — Escoffier's English sauces — chutney
— pickles — mammoth nuts — figs — raisins — prunes —
Bar le Due preserves — prunelles — stuffed dates — corn
on the cob.
CANDY Mat'oMocha
Finest French Mixed-large Ori ina , kets l0 , bs
assortment eacht im p Orted for the most
3 5^ Ito* fastidious trade; buy for your-
' Beautiful holiday boxes for self or make some triend hap-
New Years' Gifts. py— for New Years gift— $4.
WINES AND LIQUORS
Special for New Years
Whisky-Bun Dog 1.00 Brandy-Caiifomia 75
Rye or Bourbon, reg'ly $1.25 Not the best but pure, good 3.00
full quart, 10 years old reg 'l y $i bot, $1 gal
Port-Sherry, Madeira 75 Beer-Evcrard pts 1 35
Imported wines, old, mellow 3.00 Canada Malt Lager qts 2.10
reg'ly $1 bot, |4 gal reR 'l y 11.55 d oz> $ 2 .35 doz
Creme de Cacao Choua 1.35 Anisette-Cordial i 20
Delicious cocoa cordial, reg'Jy $1.60 qt M. B. & R., reg'ly $1.50 qt bot
Scotch Whisky-reg'i y $i.25 1.00 Cherries in Marasquin 45
K:ng George IV., Red Crown Durand, for cocktails, reg'ly 50c qt
' Table C laret — w« de Tabu pts , 85
reg'ly 1 doz pts f 2.25, 1 doz qts $3.50 qts 2.75
Golden RieSling — Rich, fruity flavor . pts 1 90
f re j'ly 1 doz rts $2.50, 1-doz qts $4 q te 3"qq
1/OXELY AN'D FORLORN*
WIFE TAKES POISOX
Mrs. Elizabeth Britt&on Says \o One
Cared Whether She Lived
or Died.
Deserted by her husband, leftwith
dut money or friends and with "every
.one around her happy and smiling'
Vith Christmas good cheer. Mrs. Eliz
abeth Brlttson, a nurse, who lives at
«<56 Minna street, yesterday decided
that her troubles were greater than
she could bear, and in a fit of
despondency swallowed poison.
Before doing so she wrote a short
note bequeathing to her landlady, Mrs.
X^ouise Gonyea, her clothing and her
few remaining trinkets.
By chance the landlady went to her
lodger's room and discovered her ap
parently dying. An ambulance was
hastily summoned and the unfortun
ate woman was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital, where, after
hard work by the surgeons, she was
•pronounced out of danger.
Mrs. Brittson refused to say what
poison she had taken, but added that
she was despondent and heartsick and
that nobody in the world loved her or
aeemed to care if she lived or died.
It is believed the woman has a step
son named Gaston Hillman, living on
John gtreet.
A Cream of pleasure, the new two for
quarter size American. $2 75 box 25. •
. CHILDREN OF FREE THOUGHT SCHOOL.
A . Oiristmaa tre« of unusual proportion was
9*t \xp In Elntracht Hall, on Twelfth street,
la*t night for the entertainment of the chil
dren of the Cerman Free Thought School Th»
hall was handsomely decorated with bunting
and streamers, which. In addition to the
many darzllng gifts hung on the tree limbs
for the younrMeir. made the place look fairy
like. Each juvenile member of the school ap
;>e£.red on the stage and rendered his or her
r»rt for the benefit of those assembled.
,_,_._ t _ _^_
flAGMNS RELIABLE WEAR. JSteb/
M^^m
Magnin's Semi-Annual
I Clearance Sale of. . .
LADIES' SACQUES
TEA GOWNS and
NEGLIGEES
j Commences To-morrow, December 27th,
At 9 'A. M. ' ;.
j Remarkable redactions— all this season's goods
— perfec* Hi every detail—do not miss this sale.
918-922 Market St. Stores.
BEATEX AND ROBBED
BY U.VKXOWX THUGS
H. Monseese Is Held Up by Footpads,
Who Club Him Into Insen
sibility and Rob Him.
Two thugs assaulted H. Monseese
at the corner of McAllister and Bu
chanan street^ early yesterday morn
ing. Monseese was felled to the side
walk by a blow from a club. When
he lay in a semi-conscious condition
one of the men searched his pockets.
Because only a little silver was
found the two kicked the prostrate
man and beat him on the head with
clubs. Then they left him. He was
taken to the Central Emergency Hos
pital, where Dr. Hill treated him. It
may be that the man's skull was frac
tured. His body was badly bruised
from the beating. Monseese does not
thinkhe could recognize his assailants
if he saw them again.
Burnett'* Extract of Vanilla Imparts
• .superior delicacy of flavor, try it. use It. •
CELEBRATED CHRISTMAS EVE.— When
Police Judge Cabanlss held court In the City
Prison yesterday, morning to dispose of the
"drunki" arrested on Saturday night and early
yesterday morning 110 ranged themselves be
fore him. They were composed of all classes
and condition* of men and women. Only those
who were helples.ly drunk were arrested, and
the utmost difficulty was experienced In identl
fyinir a good number of them, as they had
given wrong nationalities and names, it took
over an hour to straighten out the tangle and
then they were sent on their way rejoicing.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
XX-ugglsts. SOc flask. Richard tc Co.. 408 Clay.*
STEPS ON NAIL. — William Maloney of 241
Sweeny street, San Bruno road, while climb-
Ing over & fence, stepped on a rusty nail
which penetrated his right foot. He was
treated at the City and County Hospital.
THE SAN FRANCISCO / CALL, -MjDNDAY; 2G, . 1904.
ACTIVE WORK
FOR CHARITY
Eureka Benevolent Associa
tion Reports Bettering
Condition of Jewish Poor
SOCIETY JS -GB0WING
Organization's Membership
and Funds on Hand Show
an Encouraging Increase
The boaVd of trustees of the Eu
reka Benevolent Association for amel
iorating- the condition of the Jewish
poor held its annual meeting yes
terday morning at 436 O'Farrell
street, and the reports of the various
officers for the past year showed that
the association had been very success
ful.
Besides the regular business of the
meeting, the following officers were
elected to guide the work of the as
sociation for the coming year: Presi
dent, Charles Hirsch; vice president,
S. W. Heller; treasurer, Albert Mey
er; secretary, Meyer H. Levy, .. and
trustees. Simon Anspacher, Herman
L,evy, Simon Newman, Slg. Schwa
backer, Henry Sinsheimer and Isaac
Strasburger.
The following is in substance the re
port of the president on the work of
the Eureka Benevolent Association
for th« vear: .
The question of finance being paAmount
above all others, a glance at our income and
expenditures for the past year will afford the
necessary Information as to what our prin
cipal needs are. The Income of the general
fund for the fiscal year juet closed amounted
to S20.243 '2ti. an increase of $6033 9-i over that
of the previous year.
Our expenditures have been for charity
?19,o7i 55 and sundry expenses $2782 82. We
have been called upon for an Increased ex
penditure for charity of $2545 05 more than
for the previous year, which has caused a
deficit from the general fund of the sum of
11325 OS. This is by far the smallest deficit
that we have had for quite a number of years,
principally due to the fact that our receipts
from donations and bequeats for the year Just
closed have b«en unprecedently large.
The income for the widow and orphan fund
amounted t o $0135 46. The expenditures have
been on account of dispensations to widows
and orphans $4575 and expenses $1019 11, a
total expenditure of $0494 11/ making a gain
of $2641 35. * - , .
Legacies and donations received from friends
and benefactors amounted to $12,"S2 4t$. Of
this amount $11,202 47 was apportioned to
the general fund and $157U 09 to the widow
and orphan fund, and suitable Inscriptions
placed on our memorial tablets In memory of
those deceased benefactors.
In accordance with the report submitted by
the committee on the revision of the consti
tution and by-laws, which had been submitted
to our members at our last annual meeting as
per resolution passed at said annual meeting.
a special meeting of the members was held on
February 7. 1904.* and tho amendments sub
mitted by them were adopted. Quite a num
ber of material changes were made, the prin
cfpal feature being the amendment to aug
ment the income of the general fund by with
drawing from the widow and orphan fund the
proportion from membership dues and dona
tions and bequests which had previously been
allotted it. This increased the income of the
general fund with the sum of $3040 25. and
were it not for this wise provision we would
have been forced to report a ' greater deficit
for the general ■ fund than we have.
Strenuous efforts were made by the members
of your buard of trustees during the past year
to increase our list of members, and as the re
sult of their efforts I am pleased in being
able to Btate that they have »ucceeded in en
rolling *8 new names upon Our roiter. We,
however, lost 27 through death, resignations
and stricken from the roll, which leaves a net
gain of 21 members.
The following is a synopsis of- the
report of the secretary relative to the
financial showing of the association:
Income — Membership dues, $0438; Interest
account. $7419 20; donations, $12,782 46; life
membership*, $300; returned charity. $142;
total, £50.078 7B.
Expenditures — Charity, $23,049 R5; expense.
$2215 95; collection fees, $1080; taxes on mort
cages," $757 16; assessment, Home of Peace.
Cemetery, $048 22; total, $2S,631 48; receipts
both funds, $30,078 75; expenditures , both
funds, $28,651 48; gain, $1427 27; written off
members' accounts and bonds, $877 50; net
gain, $540 77. »
Assets — Bonds, $105,234 10: mortgages. $48.
000; German Savings Bank, $5005 67; cash ad
vanced to general fund. $1200; cash advanced
to Hebrew Board of Relief, $1500; cash with
treasurer, $2095 44; dues receivable, $541: cash
advanced to secretary, $400; total, $161,976 21.
Liabilities: General Fund— Capital account
December 1, 1904, $6188 56; cash due Widow
and Orphan Fund, $1200: cash due treasurer,
$51OT99: total. $12,492 65; Widow and Orphan
Pund — Canttal account December 1, 1904.
$149,483 66; total, $161,070 21.
PERSONAL..
Dr. E. W. Fleming of Los Angeles Is
at the Palace. ' ; '
J. L.. Radovich and wife and daugh
ter, who have been abroad, returned to
this city yesterday and are staying at
the Palace.
J. E. Pharo, general superintendent
of the Pacific Coast Steamship Compa
ny, and wife are down from Seattle and
registered at the Palace.
Lionel Webster and wife of Portland
are guests at the Occidental.
Baron N. Bruggen of St., Petersburg,
who is interested! in a ; local shipping
concern and has made several visits to
San Francisco during the past year,
arrived at the St. Francis yesterday, jj j
Charles S. McCarthy, a mining man
of Tonopah, is at the Grand.
Dr. W. Lee Moore and family of Ver
di, Nev., are at the Grand.
Assistant Manager Rich of the Palace
and Grand hotels, and his wife, who
have been in the East for a month, ar
rived on the delayed Santa Fe train at
an early hour this morning.
. Bishop McKim, head of the Episcopal
Church in Tokio, who has been in this
country for several months, arrived at
the Occidental yesterday, on his way to
the Orient. * . '.
Ki.«s Causes Fractured Skull.
William Robinson, stableman, of 781
Golden Gate avenue, when making a
Christmas call on the family " of ; John
Daragh at 710^£ Goush street was in
discreet in his salutation to the lady,
whom he attempted to kiss during her
husband's absence. This formality
was rebuked by Mrs. Daragh, whose
objections reached the ears of her
brother, Edward. McDonald. .The, re
sult was a ,'catch-as-catch-can In a
rough and _ tumble fight, in which Rob
inson got the worst of the mix-up.
His next experience was at the Emer
gency Hospital, where Dr. Hill treated
him for numerous -contused and lace
rated injuries to -. his head' and =, for a
fracture of , the skull. McDonald was
arrested and detained at the City Hall
station- pending the > result "of Robin
sen's injuriep. ' '
Negro Stabs Companion.
Eddie DIckersbn, a negro residing
at 311 Pacific street, stabbed ' Julian
Wellman; white, in the rieck last night.
The affair, occurred:, on \ Pacific
street, near Sansome. .! From the
story told by Wellman :he :met
Dickerson early in the even-
Ing- and the two had several
drinks together^ Finally they: started
to quarrel, and the result was that the
' negro drew ) a ' knife • and i made an as
sault. The ; blade 'cut { a gash ''about
two , inches long on the ■' left;. side of
the neck, - but ; the cut . is not : deep and
the physicians, at the Harbor Hospi
tal apprehend no serious results.' Dlck
erson ■■ was arrested ; and - taken ; to the
Central police station ; by Patrolman
R. G.;Skain." ;
POLICE STOP
LIVELY FIGHT
Three Men .Figure in Bitter
Quarrel Over a Woman in
Store on Larkin Street
AEEESTS SOON FOLLOW
Fruit Man, Two Assailants
and Landlord Land in Jail,
but Female Goes Free
An ardent Greek woer, an irate hus
band looking for blood, two sympathiz
ing friends, a pair of able-bodied .po
licemen, a stern landlord and a win
some woman played leading roles in a
Larkln-street quarrel about 1 Oo'clock
last'' night. 'When the fracas terminat
ed all hands, with the exception of the
policemen and" the woman, were cele
bating the . merry Yuletide in small
and sparsely furnished rooms, with
bars as the leading decorations.
,The fight was pulled off in the fruit
store ' of bne Stomatis Polamis, at Ful
ton and Larkin streets, and within a
stone's throw of the City Hall police
station. The classic Greek was enter
taining the wife of Harry Quigg with
out the husband's sanction. News of
the little conference was brought to the
ears of Quigg and straightway he hur
ried to the scene, accompanied by his
friend, Harry, Lacris-
The two men entered the Greek's
place of business" without ceremony. In
a moment the battle was on. The at
mosphere was full of fists, flying fruit
boxes, cabbages^ oranges and sauer
kraut. The trio was still busy mixing
It at a lively gait, with Mrs. Quigg or
dering the men to break clean and re
frain from hitting in the clinches, when
Patrolmen Dwyer and Graham charged
on the scene of > action.
The. sight of the bluecoats was like
a flag of truce. The battle stopped be
fore the round was ended and the per
formers sought to make a hasty geta
way. Quigg and his friend hot-footed
to the Fulton House, a few doors away,
with the police coming fast in their
wake and gaining ground at each
stride.
The pursued managed to reach the
house in safety, and then the troubles
of W. W. Ackerman, the landlord, be
gan. According to the story of the offi
cers he refused to allow them to cross
his threshold. The debate lasted but
a few minutes, ■ when the bluecoats
gained entrance and emerged a moment
later with ,the two fighters and the
stubborn landlord.
The former were locked up on
charges of battery and the latter was
held on a charge of resisting an officer.
The Greek was bundled into -the prison
a few.-. moments afterwards and a
charge of battery was registered
agrainst him.
The wdman was the only one lucky
enough to keep out of ; jail. She was
overlooked in the hurry and allowed
to go her way. Her duties as referee
were not contrary to law, and thus she
is allowed to «o free, while the men
who were, fighting- for her were all
taken to jail-
BURNED AT CHRISTMAS TREE.— George
Burkhardt'» face and hands were burned In a
Christmas tree blaze at his home, 1013A'Ala
bama street, yesterday."-* He was " treated at
the Central Emergency Hospital.
Wm THE PREMIER HONOR. j^TO
GRAND THE WORI T) WIDF CRANu
/CRAND U/"TLLi 1^^ IIVIV^/IXJlLi bRAND
Wi Iffl AS THE HIGHEST STANDARD FOR PURITY, iMWJ/
vXkPjT 0&^^ BEEN JUSTLY £^A \y^ A
£pX>JtV AND APPROPRIATELY SUSTAINED AT THE N^ ■£**
il W' L0UIS EXPOSITION BY THE AWARD OF THE GRAND*
}- -f{ PRIZE
• PI< IZEj v I * ill .. ;*._.■' ,f : ; PRIZE
f^Slv/ AFTER A MOST CAREFUL CONSIDERATION OF (0$M^'
the relative merits of all other jnlW*Al
FRUIT DEALER
KILLS SAILOR
Alyiso Turchetti Fatally
Shoots a Man Known as
"George" on Barbary Coast
SAYS HE-WAS ATTACKED
Declares That the Victim,
With Four Others, Made
Attempt to Assault Him
Alviso Turchetti, a fruit dealer, fa
tally sfiot a sailor known as "George"
on Pacific street, near Kearny, last
night. The victim's surname could not
be ascertained by the police. .
According to three witnesses who
saw the shooting, Turchetti fired be
cause "George" bumped Into him acci
dentally. Turchetti maintains that he
and his brother, Salvlno, were assault
ed by five men, among whom was
"George."
. "He hit my brother," says Tur
chetti. "I thought it was a hold-up, so
I pulled my gun and fired."
"George" was taken to the Central
Emergency Hospital, but he was dead
when he arrived. The bullet entered
the left breast near the heart and the
sailor died on the way to the hospital.
He lost' consciousness the instant the
shot was fired.
Turchetti was arrested by Policeman
Shain and taken to the City Prison.
"When the sailor's death was reported
the prisoner was booked on a charge
of murder. He declares that he acted
in self-defense.
He and Salvlno Turchetti had Just
seen another brother, off to Keswick,
he says. As they were walking along
Pacific street, near Kearny, they were
assaulted by five men. Fearing that
they were being held up Turchetti fired.
This statement is contradicted by
three of the men who were with the
sailor at the time. They say the sailor
accidentally bumped against Turchetti,
whereupon the fruit dealer drew a re
volver and fired. The men who saw
the affair, are T. "Webster, L. J. Vlerich
and J. Steward.
"George" formerly worked on the
Strathgryfe. None of the men on the
vessel knew his full name. Inquiries
at the rooming-house; 625 Davis street,
where the dead man lived, failed to es
tablish his Identity. The dead man was
about 30 years old.
George Cassin of 629 Jessie street Is
a patient in the Emergency Hospital,
suffering from a fractured temporal
bone. He says It was broken by Guy
Ward, a fireman of Engine Company
19. The trouble arose in a saloon at
1425 Market street, where liquor
flowed . freely - among a number of
Christmas celebrators. A row was
started and a general mlxup was the
result.
His Air Gun a Success.
Frank Brady, aged pine years, re
siding at 1331 Jessie street, was made
happy yesterday by the presentation
of an air gun, with which he was ex
pected to annihilate all the vagrant
tomcats in* the neighborhood. •With
the object of testing the merits of his
present he tried it yesterday,' with the
6 ? CONNOR, MOFFATT & CO.
Season 1904-1905
French and English Amazon Cloths
Broadcloths A very large assortment of all
The finest weaves in all the *he new shades in English
latest shades -of chamoaene. Amazon Cloths. All wooL well
tan, brown, blue, green, cream finished and an excellent wear-
and white. 54 inches wide mg fabric for tailor suits. 50
jE.2.00, $3:50, $3.00 yd *. ches ™ de ; ; $ j .50 yard
J COVERT CLOTH
Good quality heavy English Covert Cloth, in the stylish tan
shade. This material is extensively used for -.^ -._ ,
the new Corset Jacket. 52 inches wide. .... $2.00 yard
Mixed Cheviots English Corduroys
and CoVertS . Best quality silk-finished velvet
The correct cloth for golf and Corduroys, in the wide cord;
short walking skirts for winter for street wear; all the leading
wear; in mixed shades of colors of navy blue, brown.
brown, gray and blue. «w inches green, idrab, mode, black and
de . .V.V.V.V. . $ 1 .00 yard facL^de 23 $ 1 .00 yard
j DOMESTIC DEPARTMENT |
I Damask Cloths Huck Towels I
I io patterns bleached, all- Soft, heavy, all linen Huck E
1 linen, bordered Table Towels, hemmed and hem- I
9 Cloths; good, strong qual- stitched; white and red
Iity; 2X3 H yards. $2.OO; borders. Dozen ff - -. rt ■
ax3 yards, $2.50. Full ... $3.00 I
size napkins to match; nianifate B
dozen $2.25 »»nl£etS g
Ncpkins California White Wool I
I All linen, fine, heavy, k ?£ median weight;
bleached, full size Dinner «*• . for « ,*>eds; P«* I
Napkins, in pretty and neat 6nd blue borders. Each I
d . e si5 " s ;. D . ozcn : $2.50 •-'•"• '.' ■;.;. : : : : $3.r 5 I
Loom Damask Bath Towels |
I Strong, all linen, loom Table Full size bleached and tm- I
Linen. Will bleach -/»*» bleached hemmed <» - B
U quickly .'. Towels. Each 25C |
Out of town cus- fL -^/ jr^-^jfj*
tomers can pur- \JJ
chase goods in the
most, satisfactory £ // */ ■_ _ ,
manner through t,* tAL -' 5 **V>
our mail order de- tees „
partment- Special %Jj^* 3
attention given to ««^ %1% T\ . ■ -^
prompt ..delivery. Hi tO 111 POSt StTCCt
result that Dr. C. B. Millar picked a
slug out of the palm of the boy's left
hand at*the Emergency Hospital.
SLEEP WHILE
GAS ESCAPES
One Fireman Is Found Dead
in Eoom and Another Is
in a Critical Condition
EESULT OF ACCIDENT
Both Men Were Coinrade9
and Were Members of the
• Crew of the Battleship Ohio
R. A. Clotter and George Duffy, col
ored firemen on the battleship Ohio,
were yesterday found in a room in the
Prescott House, 933 Kearny street that
was filled with gas. Clotter was al
ready dead. Duffy was In an uncon
scious condition and was hastily re
moved to the Central Emergency Hos
pital. His condition appears to be be
yond medical aid. Clotter's body was
removed to the Morgue.
The two men engaged a room about
10 o'clock Saturday night Shortly
afterward one of the men went out.
but when he returned is not known.
About 7 o'clock yesterday morning Mr.
and Mr3. Spencer, who occupied the ad
joining room, heard the men talking.
This was the last heard of them.
As Burke Kaufman, the porter, was
passing he detected the odor of gas
opened the door and then immediately
notified N. E. Moore, manager of the'
house. While Kaufman ran to summon
the police Moore discovered that Duffy
was still breathing. He pulled him out
of the bed and into the hall, after turn
ing off the gas.
Detective Bailey and Deputy Meehan
made an investigation of the room and
both are satisfied that the gas had been
accidentally turned on.
KNIGHTS OP THE GRIPSACK
TO GAMBOL AT MAJESTIC
Morocco's Players to Give a BenetO
Friday Evening for United
Commercial Travelers.
There will be no minstrel perform
ance this year by the artistically in
clined members of Golden Gate Coun
cil No. 80 of the United Commercial
Travelers of America, but instead the
relief fund of the organization will
be augmented by the proceeds from
a benefit to be given at the Majestic
Theater next Friday, evening. The
"Cossacks of Commerce" have taken
H. W. Bishop's playhouse for that
night and with their friends will wit
ness the production of Hoyt's "A Con
tended Woman," the attraction, for
this week, in which Oliver Morosco
has cast all his star players, includins
Gould, Gilmour. Mestayer. MacVicars.
Woodward. Adele Block, Elsie Esmond
and Margaret Maclyn.
Among those having the benefit in
charge are: O. Boldeman, G. Borch
ardt, H. B. Gettleson. J. A. Enquist.
Simon F. Juda, Joe Steinall. T. J. Har
ris, Joseph Murr, H. L. Judell. Frank
P. McCann and J. H. Jessee. The fig
ures on the advance sale of scats fpr
the evening read like the Republican
returns from California at the last
election:
"Isn't that orator always saying
something he will- be' sorry for?"
". "It's "worse .than that." answered the
politician. "He Is always satisfied with
what he says. His political friends are
?rry." — Washington Star.