THE WEATHER.
. Forecast mad* ax Saa Francisco for
thirty hours ending midnight, Decem
ber 6:
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair
Tuesdar; light east winds.
jl. G. McADIE,
" ZMstrlct Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 6!
CALiFORNIA MINERS IN CONVENTION
LISTEN TO REPORTS OF YEAR'S WORK
PIONEERS ,ARE COflPLUHEMTED
Belshaw Gives an Account of Stewardship
1LZX WHO TOOK PROMINENT PART IN THE PROCEEDINGS OF THE OPENING
TAT OF THE ANNUAL. CONVENTION OF THE MINERS OF CALIFORNIA AT
T1IE HOTEL ST. KHAXCIS. ■ .;_■'."
Nearly 400 delegates to the annual
convention of the California Miners*
Association assembled yesterday at
the St. Francis Hotel, listened to a
recital by President C. M. Belshaw
concerning the work in which the as
sociation has been engaged during the
year, resolved to remodel the consti
tution and by-laws of the organization
and began the consideration of the
work that is ahead.
The report of the president dealt
with matters of much concern to min
ers and others whose interests are af
fected. It va,s reported that while
there had been no attempt to attack
quartz or dredge mining under the
Kate Hayes decision. :t was advisable
that the association "rhould fortify
itself so as Fu<:eeFsfuIly to combat any
*-.£fort that might be made along the
line suggested."
Th<_* Caminetti act. so reported Pres
ident Belshaw. will | be brought Into
the SuDreme Court for a test when
the necessary costs are provided by
the miners to prosecute the suit. The
issue will be made in the Polar Star
mine case and final definition will- be
rought regarding hydraulic mining.
Dredger mining for. gold in the Oro
vllle district was described on ths ba
*is of a report made by a committee
that visited the field of operations as
"doing no material damage to the
river; dredge mining could be so con
ducted as to do absolutely no dam
age whatever." Laws to prevent the
operations of wildcat mining com
panies in this State v.ere recommend
ed by President Belshaw.
PRESIDENT'S REPORT.
- F j? r neral information the report
of President Belthjuv is given in full.
us follows:
GintJ«men of the California Minor.* Assoda
ticn: W« are a E ain met in annual convention
wnted U tncalculable, ana 1 hLT P .T"
oX thl. convention 1^ 1^
the «otxJ «urk which ha* already h£i.
pllthed by cur association «ccom-
I desire briefly to. call your .tim.i™ .
•l»t ha. been dos* by the awociaVton £„£
cur last ecm-^tJca. At a meeti^ "x
tcutlve committee whicK w M held j«n,,I
5-^T^ ,"-- « l « n »cn of th" commit^
directed to tb* dedrton of the Sunrfni, r«, r !
cf the State of California In ■ th\S2 of Th^
C«wnty of Yuba %-,. K&te Haye, Ml^n^co^*
p«ny. and^ particularly u the follcming ,«
tence In that opinion: • een
•"It U tnw that the e»1denc« failed to ahow
that <lefe.»dant6 w^re mining by the hydraulic
proceta. but admittedly ih«-y were mininir br
the Krouad eluice proc«i». which, according to
Use evldtar*. produced the eame effect In Wnd
a* the hydraulic process, only to t | m de
«ree." |MiHMMK-
It «■** tbe opinion or the committee that if
thl« reaaon.wtra carried to IU logical ccnclu
eion. quartz mtnlrvr and. • Indeed, all kind* of
tninJnK in this 8Uute . were . in Jeopardy. Ac
cordlwrty 3000 copies of this" decision were
printed and tent to the reveral mJnirjr com
panirs ir. this State, accompanied by a circular
Utter ailing attenUoo to the above quoted tea-
The San Francisco Call.
tence. with a request for an opinion as to whether
or not this decision might t>e made applicable
to Muartz and dredge mining. The universal
:-ep!y la . some " seven huncred letters which
were received by the association was to the
effect that thera «rai danger that this decision
might be used to the detriment of quartz and
dredge mining.
While there has been no attempt made as yet
to attack quarts or dredge mlnlrg under Oils
decision, there is no assurance that it will not
be mad?, and I am of the opinion that this
association should fortify ltrelf ko as to suc
cesjlully combat any effort which might be
made along the line suggested.
On March 3. 1SXW. a petition was received
froci the. miner* of /he Xanana River .district
of Alaska. requertinR thi5. acsociatlon to ute
Its influence for the purpose of having Cheena.
Alaekc. declared a port of entry. In order that
the inln-ni «! that «Jial:ict might receive better
transportation accommodations. This matter
was referred to .5«snator P«rkins. who. upon,
investigation, informed the association that It
would be • Impossible . to comply with the peti
tion.
At a meeting of the executive committee
held April 9. 1904. Messrs. Sollnsky & Weh«
meat kindly offered to take' the Polar Star
cape to the Supreme Court free of cost for at
torneye' fees, for- the purpoe* of getting an
adjudication at to the constitutionality of the
Camlnettl «ct. Messrs. Sollnsky & Wehe have
already done considerable work in the case in
the way of' correspondence and getting It in
proper shape to appeal to the Supreme Court,
and are now ready to go ahead and take the
appeal, and only await funds- to get copies of
the papers and also to print the record. It
seems to me that it ie of creat Importance
to hydraulic mining that we have a Supreme
Court decision en the Caminettl act, and I hope
that, eince Messrs. Sclfntky & Wehe have so
kindly volunteered their legal service? in the
matter, the association will see Its way clear
to provide for the necessary costs of conduct-
Ing the etiit.
DREDGING IS VIEWED.
In the early part of "Mar, 1904, a call was
made for a river convention to be held In San
Franciw-o on the 22d of that month, and It was
rumored that there might be some discussion
on the evil effects of dredge mining:. A special
meeting of the executive j committee was called
and It wai decided that the ■ committee should
xo to Orovllle and make an examination of
the conditions : there in order that the repre
sentatives from this association to the river
convention might be thoroughly posted on
matters appertaining* to dredge mining. a
majority of the members of the executive com
mittee and Colonel Heuer of ■ the California
Debris Commission - participated in this inves
tigation. We .were shown every courtesy by
the California Dredge Miners' Association of
Orovllle, and were given every opportunity
to Investigate the , working of the dredgers
of that district, both those that were ■ work
ing In the river and those that were work
ing inland.. It was -the unanimous opinion of
the commute* • that 'the dredgers of this dis
trict were doing no material * damage to the
river and ; that dredge -mining could- be so
conducted as to do absolutely no damage
whatever. - - \ ' , '
i Under data cf May 16. 1904. this associa
tion received as Invitation from the Cali
fornia Promotion Committee ' to send delegates
to the river convention. This ' Invitation wan
accepted and our association was ■ represented
during that convention. . Howe\-er, the, matter
of mi nine vu not. brought up In th» conven
tion, eo our delegation was 'not called wpon to
acclaim or defend the mining Industry.
: A copy of the resolutions adopted .' by this
association . at Us . last convention concerning
detlred Federal legislation was -sent -to our
r< prenentatlves in Congress , and * the - Hon. J.
JC. Glllett, member - of Congress '■ from the
First District, Introduced the necessary ; bills
in the House, .copies . of which , were In due
time received by this association and > are now
cit file In tb« • secretary's office. . We have the
assurance of Mr. , Oillett* that I he is^ urtng
Continued on < Pace - S. 'Column- 1-
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY; DECEMBER '6, 1904:
CRITICIZES
LAXITY OF
OUR LAWS
Conan Doyle Points
Out Danger to
•LONDON,- Dec. 6.~Lord Chief Jus
tice Alverstone was the principal guest
at the dinner cf the Authors' Club last
night. A. Conan Doyle; who presided
referred to the laxity of the law and
Its administration in the United States
and said that the great nation had out
grown its legal strength with appalling
results. While- Great Britain in the
Boer war lost 22,000 lives. ; the United
->n^ 8 ,, l0Bt> in tne same three years,
o- 000 lives through murder or homicide.
This, the speaker said, would be a pite
ous setback to the high hopes of those
who looked to America as the Utopia
of the future, but he added, America
would crush this foul growth by
strengthening the machinery of the law
and putting Judges on a higher basis.
Lord Alverstone in reply /said - he
agreed with every word Doyle had
spoken and that his remarks were
no stronger than he had heard from
many Americans themselves ; . But in
regard^ to the treatment . and reclama
tion of convicted criminals, . Lord ■Al
verstone said^Creat Britain had much
to learn from America. . Americans he
said, were working hard to make their
system not only humane but trulv nre
ventlve of crime.
GERMANS WILL STUDY
AMERICAN NAVAIi METHODS
Plans, of -This .Country Preferred In
Kaiser's Realm to Those of
Great Britain. s
BERLIN, Dec. 5— The keen inter
est with which Germany is watching
♦ u e £V° wth of the Am erican navy and
the high opinion entertained by naval
me £j n G f rm w an >- of American naval
technique is shown by the inclusion in
the naval budget of an item speci
fically covering the cost of sending.of
ficers to the United States to study
methods of- building and arming
warships and other matters that may
be applied to the betterment of the
German navy. ; ; .
The recommendations of Secretary
of the Navy Morton; in his annual re
port to the President are published
prominently , and it appears that
American plans are much preferred
to those of Great Britain : in naval
circles here.
PORTUGUESE* KING KNOCKED
DOWN BY CAB IX ENGLAND
LONDON, Dec. 5.— As a result of a
collision- between a cab and car- I
riage ' this morning 1 ' King {Carlos 'of «
Portugal, /who" is, visiting'. Great' Bri
tain, was knocked down 1 while; walk- '
ing alongia. footpaths '.The'^King-i was
slightly ;shaken up, .although ?other
wise uninjured,' and arose : before i any
member r of: his. partylcouldt, reach; him
to : aid '■ him. \, He walked , into Bucking
ham* Palace, • makingi light of '. his ln-
CARNEGIE'S
DENIAL IS
EMPHATIC
Puts Mrs. Chadwick
in Position ol ;
Fofter.
Says He Signed No Notes
and Does Not Know
the Woman.;
Her Arrest by United States Secret
Service Men Regarded as
Probable.
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— Mrs. Cassie L..
Chadwick, whose financial difficulties
have caused widespread interest, is at
the Holland House tb'-night. At the
hotel are at least- three officers of the
United .States secret service and they
have been particularly alert for the
past twenty-four hours. A gentleman
closely connected. with the case says
that there is a strong possibility that
an arrest will be made in* New York
within a short time and. that it will be
of a person closely, connected with the
now-famous case*«A***J ; "■ ■..[
Philip Carpenterp* chief .counsel In
New York for Mre^Chadwick,, was seen
at the Waldorf -Astoria at "midnight.
When asked concerning. the probability
of the arrest of his ''client :he> ! said:
"Mrs. Chadwick", is absolutely. ■ inno
cent of lntc'nt ( to <!(/ wrong. Sh<j has done
nothing to V warrant. iegaJU-iprnceedlngs
and ; s h>> cannot be-cvirtvk:t'.\l of »trrong-'
doing." ' ■*•' ■ . , , ; t'-v^^"---"- 'J~~ '.' *'
When asked about .that, part^ of-sec
tion. 5209 . of . the United. States. Revised
Statutes which , provides " for the pun
ishment of any person, who "aids ■, or
abets" a national bank official in the
performance of any act which is illegal,
Carpenter said thatlwhatever transac
tions Mrs. Chadwick had had with
bank officials had been strictly of a
business nature. She had borrowed
money as any person would,, and had
not interested herself in the capitaliza
tion of the bank in question. The law-'
yer.was asked what might be the result
if it could be shown that a violation "of
the statute which makes it a crime for
a person borrowing money fro-m a bank
to make a statement concerning her, as
sets or ability to meet the obligation
which was knowingly untrue. Car
penter reiterated his statement that
Mrs. Chadwick was absolutely innocent
of any wrong. ■
CAKXlXilK IS ANGERED.
Andrew Carnegie was shown a copy
of to-day's dispatch from Cleveland, in
which District Attorney Sullivan of
that city/ was quoted as having said
that he had recently in his possession
a note for $250,000 signed by Car
negie's name and indorsed on the back
"C. L. Chadwick." His secretary gave
out this statement: for Carnegie: .
"Mr. Carnegie says that it is years
since he has given a note of any kind
or indorsed any note. He says that
there are no notes, in his name out
standing at present. Mr. Carnegie
wants me to say. that' he does not want
to be bothered .;, any more about this
Chadwick woman. He is quite angry
over this persistent use of his name
and wishes it to cease at once. Once
for all, he never knew Mrs." Chadwick;
or any such other womani; and he
never signed, any such paper as the
reports credit him with. "That is all.".
; When the attention of Philip Car
penter was called to the dispatch that
notes purporting to have been signed
by, Andrew, Car negrie had been found
by "United States Bank Examiners he
disclaimed 'all knowledge of such notes
and, added: <■'.'.■
X'.'Mrs. Chadwick has not only denied
that 'she is a relative of Mr. Carnegrie,
but has also 'denied that she; has ever
received any financial assistance' from
him." ■:•■•. . . ' ■* ■ ■■■ ■ -';'■ : _ --.'. ' -:■■ %t
Carpenter, was told of , the statement
made by President Beckwith of. the
defunct Citizens'; National Bank i of
Oberlin • to-night; Jn which he "stated
that the bank; held Mrs. Chadwick's
notes to the amount of $1,260,000. In
reply he said: that he" had no knowl
edge of any of Mrs. Cnadwick's Ohio
transactions.
THOSE r CHAD WICK NOTES.
CLEVELAND, Dec. 5.— -There were
numerous developments to-day In con
nection ■ with : the affairs of ; Mrs.- Caasle
la." Chadwick - and the troubles "of v' the
closed Citizens' National Bank of Ober
lin. Ohio. President C. T. Beckwith
and ■ Cashier; Frank t Spear . of , the : latter
institution .were > brought ; t here - from
Oberlin >\ by; United. States -i Marshal
Chandler arid a deputy : shortly before
noon. -.The': bank- officials. later were ar
raigned t- before United States Commis
sioner Starks.'Both'pleaded gruilty:and
waived a preliminary hearing. Commis
sioner Starks .fixed the bail at^ J10.000
in' each case; andr bound the two - men
over.to the Grand Jury, which , will ; meet
in February next.V Both prisoners were
released 'on bond this ; afternoon. \ \
That the,' Oberlin" bank or President
Beckwith -■ really ■ possessed- , notes for
$250,000 ; and $500,000. respectively/with
the name of , "Andrew, Carnegie . signed
thereto is nowiknown.as: a'deflnite fact.
Whether these notes are forgeries is yet
to be 8hown.\This is stated on author
ity.: of United : States District ; Attorney
Sullivan and a'very -prominent-; banker
of Cleveland."' Distrlct'Attorney Sullivan
declared ;to : day *that^.he: had-f the* note
for $250,000 fand % that It rbore ' the '. name
Vv>n tinned on 'Paire. 3.. Column 1 A.
JAPANESE
DASH INTO
AMBUSCADE
Slaughter by Rennen
iamplfs Men
Reported.
More Than Fifteen Hundred
Dead Left on the
Battlefield.
Ncgi's Warriors Are Attacking the
Northern Line of Forts at
. Port Arthur.
TOKIO, Dec. 6, 10 a- > m.— It is re
ported that the Japanese bombard
ment against the fleet at Port Arthur
is proceeding to the satisfaction of the
attacking forces. On the evening of
the 4th inst. (Sunday) tw6 or three
Russian ships were fired and burned
In a hiilf hour. Their names and the
extent of . tlie danin« e done are not
known. It is generally believed that
the Russian lleet must either make an
early sortie or suffer irreparable dam
age.
LONDON, Dec. 6.— A dispatch . from
Chefu, dated December 5, to the Daily-
Telegraph says:
"Heavy firing continues at Port Ar
thur to-day^ The Japanese are making
most determined and persistent efforts
to capture the northern forts.".
MUKDEN, Dec. 5.— A four-day artil
lery duel on the Russian center and
right wing has failed to alter the gen
eral situation. '
There is considerable illness among
the Russian troops, consequent upon
close confinement- to the trenches and
bomb-proofs and the continual nervous
strain. .. ",: : . :"■ ;*;' : _.:.'. ' ■ ♦ * . \
. .There is a persistent; rumor that. the
force of Japanese sent to turn General
RehnenkampfTs "> flank' "has been - re
pulsed:.with great loss., ".The story- l«
not> yet -' officially s con^mjed^ . bac t de
tails are given with great circumstan
tiality. ;' f it Is stated that, General Ren
nenkampff, who knew the ; movement
was maturing, awaited the Japanese
at the mouth of. one of the' captured
passes, and that the Japanese turning
force threw itself unsuspectingly, into
the ambuscade, where, after the. fight,
the .'Russians collected 500 Japanese
corpses.'. ■ . .>
It* Is ; added that there are 1000 more
Japanese corpses. -which it is impossi
ble to collect, owing to the fire of the
Japanese. -This does not include the
Japanese loss In wounded.
The, Russian loss, according to this
account, was only thirty or forty men.
.KNTRAPPED AT POUTIL.OFF. -
On the night of December 2 the Jap
anese began a heavv artillery fire on
Peutllof£,;(Lone Tree) Hill, paving the
way for an Infantry attack. The Rus
sian artillery answered vigorously for
several hours and then slackened. The
Japanese, believing the. Russian fire
had; been silenced, flung themselves In
masses „ against the trenches, where
they were allowed to come within close
range and then' were met with wither
ing volleys; and a counter charge with
the bayonet. The Japanese fled, hav
ing sustained enormous losses.
A Cossack expedition which was sent
on the tiight of December 2 to capture
a Japanese battery, on the Russian
rierht flank was only partly, successful.
The ■ Cossacks killed the Japanese sen
tries and gunners and got possession
of the battery, but were unable to re
move the Runs, owing to the rapid ar
rival of Japanese reinforcements.
On December 3 Captain Gichkoon and
Corporal Companetz crawled - v up close
to' the Japanese position, where they re
mained under a heavy flre all day,
making sketches of the, whole position,
and returning In safety.
An, attack by Japanese on Poutlloff
Hill on December 3 was probably due
in part to a wish, to distract attention
from sapper operations on -a neighbor
ing hill. near the, village of Shakhe, but
these - operations were "discovered and
repulsed, and the Japanese fled.
' RUSSIAN NIGHT ATTACKS.
Skirmishes continue. On the night of
November 30 Captain Alexandroff, with
thirty.men, routed a force of fifty Jap
anese by , a surprise attack on the
trenches. The : same night' volunteers
under; Lieutenant Videtska surrounded
and 5 destroyed • a picket of., twenty-five
Japanese near Tougcru. This led to a
hand-to-hand fight in the'Japanese un
derground trenches, where twenty more"
Japanese were i bayoneted. The Rus
sians lost severely in this fight, a num
ber .being : caught : in ■." wire entangle
ments. * Altogether ten Russians were
killed and fourteen wounded."
r Th» nignT of December 2 there was
another rtussian 2 attack ' on Japanese
trenchesMn which a number of troph
ies and ; rifles were . secured, but at the
cost '^ of 'the life of staff Captain Man
koffskl.Aone-of the most daring of the
Russian*. «couts, : who was killed ;: in"
hand-to-hand flShting.^^HHUSPnBB
"The Japanese did not reply to a heavy
cannonade of their .» works; by Russian
siege" guns ; south 'of ' Suchiatun • (a "rail-"
way station ; near *: Shakhe village) on
Friday,' though^* they': hadJ- previously
shelled the ' vicinity 'of ■ Such ia tun with
the ; Identical .ammunition", and ' Russian
guns captured- on' board the East Asia
tic Company's : steamship ■ Manchuria
last spring. "
■'.. The capture , of , the ; Manchuria was a
severe) loss , to the 'Russians, . as-it de
prived ;Uhem - of > : 7000 ; tons of iammunl-'
tion intended ; for the large long:- range'
guns' at: Port- Arthur. It was said in
dispatches . following the , report t of i the
capture that if the Manchuria ■; had
reached 1 Port;- Arthur .^safely 'the whole
situation t " would > have - been 'changed.
The; Russian;"; Government i regarded
the ; Manchuria's ? cargo as • of the high-
Continued ■ on , Pace ; 3. Column 3i
THE THEATERS.
ALCAZAR — "The Professor's Love
Story.".
CALIFORNIA— West's Mlnstreta.
CENTRAL — "The Suburban."
CHUTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S— Vaudeville. , v
GRAND — "In Dahomey."
MAJESTIC— "The Senator."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TIVOLI— King Dcdo.
DESPERATE BREAD
RIOTS IN RUSSIA
DIj5TR?i5j5 IV]0{5T pITBOQg
TROOPS KILL STARVING" MEN
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON/ Dee. 6.— The Express
prints a letter from , Moscow statins
that the terrible strain imposed by the
war on the internal resources of the
country has brought Central Russia
Into hunger's grip. Desperate bread
riots are reported In more than a hun
dred districts, and the peasantry are
dying of starvation by scores. If the
strain continues much longer they will
die by thousands. .
There is piteous distress even In Mos
cow. Black bread has risen 20 per cent
in price. Rioting is feared and troops
are kept on the alert. "The -price of
bread trebled at Tver and quintupled
at Uglitch.
The unceasing demands of- the Gov
ernment and the shameless corruption
AUTOMOBILE GARAGE IS
PREY TO FLAMES.
Series of Gasofine Explosions
■ Endangers Buifdino's Occupants
NEW YORK. Dec. 5.— Ten persons
were injured and $250,000 worth of
property was destroyed as the result of
explosions caused by a spark leaping
from a gasoline machine on which a
chauffeur was working in an automo
bile garage on West Thirty-ninth
street to-day. ;<—_;. ■
Forty automobiles were destroyed or
badly damaged, and so rapid was the
progress of the fire that men. working
in the second story of the building had
no opportunity *to escape by way of
the stairways and were forced to leap
from windows..
-.-The » e parks .which : utar-tert.-- tfc**-
communicated -vrltha tank holding 100
gallons 'of gasoline. r There were forty-
GLITTERING
BALD HEAD
SAVES LIFE
Reflection From a Pate
Warns Engineer.
Social Dispatch to The CalL
NORTHPORT. Wash., Dec. 5. — The
bald head of a man saved his life last
night. As the train of Engineer
Charles E. Hoofer, swept around the
curve to the long ' bridge crossing
the Columbia River the headlight of
the engine fell upon something: glitter
ing between the guard rails across the
bridge. Hoofer reversed his engine in
time to stop within ten feet of the
prostrate body of a drunken bald
headed man.
Shaking the fellow, the engineer
and train crew fought .his name, but
could get no intelligent answer. When
he saw the engine, however, and was
informed of his narrow escape from
death the man was partially sobered.
GENUINE ROMNEY FOUND
IN A MINER'S COTTAGE
Painting: Brings Thirty-four Thousand
Dollars in Auction Sale In
London.
LONDON, Dec. 6. — What Is be
lieved to be a y genuine Romney, done
in that artist's best period, has Just
been sold at auction for $34,000. The
painting was part of the estate of a
man who lived in a miner's cottage
at White Haven, Cumberland, and
who had a hobby for buying and
cleaning pictures. Every picture he
cleaned he spoiled.
For some reason he did not clean
the Romney, and after his death It
was found tied nv /with two other
pictures, which, with the. Romney, he
had bought for less than $5. One of
the three Is believed also ' to be a
Gainsborough, though it brought only
$200 at the sale.
I The Romney canvas measures 60 by
47 inches. It Is a portrait of two
children walking in a landscape, ac
companied by a little terrier.
HIGH POST FOR FRIEND
OF RUSSIAN PEASANTS
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 5.— Great
satisfaction is expressed by the press
at the appointment of Kutler to be As
glstant-Ministerof the Interior. Kutler
Is a man of wide experience ' and has
been Identified with all branches of
peasant reform work. ; His appointment
is expected, to aid greatly In the pro
gress of reforms among the working
classes.
Moors Attack French Citizen.
TANGIER, Dec. 5.— The residence
of Oautsch; director of the Compagr
nie Marocaine, was attacked the night
of . December' 4 by Beni j M'Suar , tribes
men. Guards -drove back the assall
ants.'fBHBBSBBBffBBBBBBBH
Kaiser/ After Menelik's Trade.
feERLIN, ■". Dec. 5.— Emperor. Wil
liam.; according to the Tageblatt. has
decided '< to, send "a i plenipotentiary to
negotiate .'a commercial treaty with
King. Menelik 1 and to! hear presents to
tba -Abyssinian monarch.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
of tax collectors are driving the people
to madness. Many have been killed or
wounded by soldiers in suppressing
food riots. The soldiers themselves
looted provision stores at Dunaberer
and joined the peasants in sacking the
bread shops in the Nijni Novgorod dis
trict
Violent demonstrations against the
war have been made throughout the
country. If the people were united
there would be a revolution.
The Odessa correspondent of the
Standard says that another popular
anti-war demonstration occurred there
on Sunday, it being the fourth of four
days' demonstrations. Those who took
part In them were chiefly respectable
artisans and students. Three hundred
arrests have been made. Troops and
police patrol the streets nightly.
five automobiles In the building, and
the dense smoke prevented the saving
of the majority of them.
The 100-grallon tank exploded soon
after the fire started and spread the
flames to other tanks and in a short
time there were ten distinct explosions,
filling- the building with fire and smoke.
The garage is in the heart of the
theater and hotel district of Broadway
and rumor spread that the Metropoli
tan Opera-house and several of the biff
hotels were doomed. An immense
crowd gathered and the police reserves
were summoned to keep the people out
of danger.
- .The-- gprag* , wasl*. practtc^llc tVi*
stroy«d, but ItttTe damage was don* to
nearby, property. * ."
MRS. FAIR'S
RARE JEWELS
TO BE SOLD
Heirs Place Fine Col
lection on Exhibit
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK. Dec. i-At the Knick
erbocker Art Galleries. 7 West Twenty
eighth street, a collection of diamonds,
pearls and other Jewelry and silver
ware, laces and furs owned by the late
Mrs. Charles L. Fair, who was killed In
an automobile accident in France in
1902. have been placed on exhibition.
The collection will be sold by C. E.
Smith next Friday and Saturday after
noons. The sale is to be made by order
of John B. Bonnell, nephew of Mrs.
Fair and attorney for her heirs.
A valuation of $100,000 has been
placed upon the collection. The display
of diamonds is especially fine. Most of
the set diamond pieces comes from
leading Jewelers of New York. Paris
and San Francisco. Among the nota
ble pieces are a chain of diamonds
pearls and platinum, with 379 diamonds
and 38 pearls; a pearl and diamond gir
dle, with some 3800 pearls; a diamond
and pearl collarette, with 900 pearls,
and a diamond noplace with 52 gems.
RUSSIAN PAPER REBUKES
AMERICA OX L.YXC1DXGS
Claims There Is More Race Prejudice
Here Than In the Czar's
Dominions.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 5.— The com
mission which haa been instituted to re
vise the passport regulations and to
which the. question of the recognition,
without discrimination, of American
passports was referred by the Foreign
Office has been enlarged and strength
ened .by Interior Minister Sviatopolk-
Mirsky. The commission has not yet
reached the Question raised by the
United States. SaJflH
The Novoe Vremya discussing the
subject contends that so Ions as the
present Jewish laws are In force In the
empire It Is impossible to grant to for
eign Jews greater privileges than are
granted to native Jews. Besides, the
paper argues, "from the frequency of
lynching and the general treatment of
negroes in the South." that there is
more race prejudice in the United
States than in Russia.
REPENTS OF ACT AFTER
HE 'HAD CUT HIS THROAT
Chicago Publisher Urgrcw Physician to
Save Him, but Wounds Were
Fatal. Li
CHICAGO. Dec. 5.— When B. S.
Wasson. a publisher, felt himself dy
ing to-day after he had cut his throat
he urged the physician who was bend-
Ing over him to save him. While prep
arations were being made to remove
the man. to. a hospital he died.
The tragedy took place in the bath
room of the home of Wasson'i
mother,. Mrs. Sadie Waason. In Drexel
boulevard. Wasson * was -engaged In
the publication of a railway magazine.
Republicans Elect Mayor,
PORTLAND. Me.. Dec. 5.— James
p. Baxter ( R. ) was elected . Mayor to
day by -1027 majority.2
BOTH HOUSES OF CONGRESS FORMALLY OPENED IN THE NATIONAL CAPITAL
BUT SHORT
SESSIONS
ARE HELD
Adjournment Taken as
a Tribute to the
Departed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— With the
Senate in session thirteen minutes and
*he House fifty-three minutes, the last
session of the Fifty-eighth Congress
was assembled to-day. The time of
both bodies was devoted entirely to the
usual formalities of opening day. There
were the greetings among members,
the great floraJ display and the hun
dreds of visitors, with beautifully
gowned women predominating. Corri
dors, committee-rooms and cloakrooms
were thronged. The bustle' extended
even to the floors of the chambers.
The gravels of Senator Frye, presi
dent r>ro tern, of the Senate, and Speak
er Cannon of the House fell exactly at
12 o'clock. The opening prayers were
made by the chaplains, Rev. Dr. Ed
ward Everett Hale in the Senate and
Rev. H. N. Couden in the House. ,
In both the Senate and the House
the committees were appointed to wait
upon the President and inform him that
Congress was ready to receive any
communication he had to send. Resolu
tions of respect to the memory of the
late Senators Hoar of Massachusetts
and Quay of Pennsylvania were adopt
ed by both houses, and the adjourn
ment taken was in further tribute to
their memory.
The only business outside of the usual
first day routine was the adoption of a
resolution in the House extending until
January 5. 1905, the time within which
the Merchant Marine Commission may
make its report.
The largest single tribute in the Sen
ate was placed on the desk of Senator
Tillman of South Carolina. It was a
huge basket of American Beauty roses
end chrysanthemums.
"When Senator Fairbanks, the Vice
President-elect, entered the chamber he
was greeted warmly by many of his
colleagues. x"he visitors applauded his
entrance with cheers and handclapping.
In his private room for some time be
fore the House met Speaker Cannon
held an informal reception to "the
boys," as he is wont to call his asso
ciates in the House. "Without distinc
tion as to party the members dropped
in to pay their respects, and for each
h*> had a pleasant word.
In the House the new members elect
ed to fill vacancies were escorted to the
Speaker's desk an5 subsequently took
the usual oath. They are: Ira Wood,
Fourth New Jersey District: F. J.
Croft. Second South Carolina: Amos R.
Weber, Fourteenth Ohio; J. Thomas
Heflin. Fifth Alabama, and Joseph R.
Knowland, Third California.
EXPENSE OF GOVERNMENT.
Estimates of Needed Appropriations i
Total $619,669,852.
WASHINGTON*. Dec. 5. — The esti
mates of appropriations required for
the support of the Government for the
fiscal year ending June 30, 1906, were
transmitted to Congress to-day by the
Secretary of the Treasury. These es
timates aggregate $619,669,652, as
against $614,548,937. the amount of
the appropriations of the current fis
cal year.
Following is the recapitulation of
the estimates by departments:
Departments. 1306? 1905.
Legislative $12.314.M5 $12,168,4$"
Executive .1K3.54O " 313.367
State 3.02*.R42 3.107,970
Treasury 170.547.000 176.48fi.O56
V.'ar 109,019.300 11«. 490,574
Navy 117.ft49.34S 106,273, «C2
Interior 1(52,924.425 171.970.SnS
Portofne* 15,439,!HX> 2,211,127
Agriculture C419.R10 5.912.870
Commerce and Labor. 1S.79S.989 J0,fiS9,0S3
Ju«ic« 8,2iS,4W> 8.«24.»27
Grand totals f C19,C63,S52 $614,548,937
The estimates for 1906 include
$146,836,320 permanent annual ap
propriations already provided for by
iaw.
AGAINST XAVAIj OFFICERS.
Supreme Court Decides Affalnst Ex
tra Pa y for Them While at Sea.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.— Justice
Brown to-day delivered the opinion of
the Supreme Court of the United
States in the case of C. M. Thomas
vb. the United States, involving the
rigtits of naval officers in respect to
extra pay under the naval personnel
acts of 1900 u.nd 1901. The opinion
is in favor of the Government. The
claim presented was that naval of
ficers who go to sea should be allowed
10 per cent in excess of their usual
pay because the increase is made to
army officers who are assigned to duty
at sea or at a foreign port.
Thomas is a captain in the navy
and mad* claim for the extra pay be
cause of his service in the Philippines,
in China and at sea. Most of his
claims were allowed by the Court of
Claims, but this decision was to-day
reversed.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching. Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Piles.
Tour druseist will rMund money if PAZQ OINT-
IIIIXT lalU to cure you In <i to 14 days. 30e.*
Train Delayed Near Reddine.
REDDIXG, Dec. 5. — A car of a
gravel train left the rails this morn
ing two miles south of Kennet and
bounced alone on the ties for a con-
Flderable distance. Traffic was de
layed several hours by the accident.
The California Express was held at
K«»nnet.
. rti _^ iw . n^^. AD VEltTISE&lENTS.
| By Bertha H. Smith and Florence Lundborg
■An illustrated volume for the holidays.
Rendered and illustrated with poetic
feeling, yet dignified and impressive..
The California gift book of the year.
I Price $2.00 net. Postage 10c.
PAUL ELDER (Sb CO.
238 POST STREET - - SAN FRANCISCO
TO EXTEND
STRONG ARM
OF THE LAW
Moody Would Break
Bars Between
States.
WASHINGTON, Dec". ; 6.— Attorney
General W. H. Moody, in his annual
report to Congress, recommends the
enactment of a law .which will provide
that where an indictment is* duly re
turned to a court of the United States
the Judge of that court may, in his
discretion, issue a bench warrant for
the arrest of the defendants wherever
they may be found within the territo
rial limits of the United States, and
that It phall be the duty of all nersons
authorized to serve such process to
arre6t the person or -persons indicted,
and if they fail after reasonable oppor
tunity to furnish bail for their appear
ance, to bring; them to the court in
which the indictment has been found.
The Attorney General explains that
much embarrassment in the adminis
tration of law has arisen from the in
ability of the United States to bring
an offender to the place and the court
where he must be tried. By the con
stitution the trial of all cases must be
held in "the State and district where
in the offenses shall have been commit
ted."
WOULD PUT EXD TO DEI/AYS.
It frequently happens that persons
accused are not found within the lim
its of the district where the offenses
alleged against them are triable. The
frequency of such cases increases with
the gravity of the accusation and
where it consists of a conspiracy, al
most invariably one or more of the al
leged offenders' are without the juris
diction of the district. •
That at some time injustice might
result to individuals, says the Attor
ney General, cannot be denied. The
occasionaJ abuse of power is insepara
ble from its existence. That innocent
men now and then are indicted for
crime must be confessed, but the-in
dictment of a Grand Jury, guided, as
such a body usually is, by the instruc
tions of the Judge and the counsel of
the District Attorney, affords assur
ances that such instances of oppression
will be rare indeed. On the other hand,
the possibility of delays and defeats of
Justice which the present system af
fords ! renders the power of the United
States ridiculous and brings contempt
upon the administration of the law.
BIG CASES IXSTAXCED. H" i
In support of his views Moody cited
a numbeivof cases in which Justice has
been defeated or greatly delayed and
large expense unnecessarily incurred
by the Government. Among these
cases is that of the co-defendants. with
Captain Oberlln M. Carter In the Sa
vannah Harbor improvement frauds.
Moody outlines the proceedings and
says that only after a delay of twen
ty-six months did the United States
reach the point where, - under the law,
it was permitted to take men, charged
with a grave crime to the place pro
vided by the constitution Sot their trial.
Then the two defendants -whose pres
ence was most desired .fled the coun
try and, although persistent and con
tinued effort for their ** recovery ' has
been made, they are still at large. Un
til they shall be apprehended it has
been deemed undesirable to proceed
with the trial of the other defandants
upon the indictment.
Another case, he says, is that of
George W. Beavers, under indictment
in connection with the postoffice
frauds. In relation to the case the At
torney General says:
FIASCO OF BEAVERS.
"When Beavers can be obtained for
trial no one can predict with certainty.
How much further immunity from trial
the intricacies of practice, the delays
of the courts and the ingenuity of
counsel may serve to procure for him
no one can foretell. It can only be
ho^ed that at some time before the
witnesses are dead or have forgotten
the circumstances, the power of the
United States may "i be proved to be
sufficient to bring the accused 228 miles
to the place appointed by the constitu
tion for his trial."
Another case Is that of Hyde, Ben
son, Dimond and Schneider, indicted in
February last in the District of Colum
bia for defrauding the Government of
large tracts of public lands. Only one
of these defendants thus far has been
placed under bail for trial, and yet the
case, the report says, has cost the Gov
ernment 120,000.
SUGAR COMPANY .LOSES.
Circuit Court's Decision in Govern
ment's Favor Affirmed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5. — The Su
preme Court of the United States to
day denied the applications for writs
of certiorarl in the cases of the Amer
ican Sugar Refining Company of New
York vs. the United States, thus in ef
fect affirming the decision of the Cir
cuit Court of Appeals for the Second
District, which sustained the Govern
ment. The suit was brought by the
sugar refineries to test the validity of
the treasury regulations allowing for
the temperature modifications of the
polariscopic test of sugars brought
into the United States.
Constable's Shot Is Fatal.
WOODLAND, Dec. 5. — Louis Clyte,
who, while lying in ambush awaiting
a chance to shoot Levi Kinkle, with
whom he had ; been quarreling over
property for years, was shot by Con
stable Parker, upon whom he flred in
mistake, died to-day from the wound
inflicted by the officer. •
the san. erancisgo^galuOtuesday, December: 6, 1904.
MANY BILLS
ON SUBJECT
OF TARIFF
Several Are Introduced
First Day in the
House.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 6.— Several bills
relating to the tariff were introduced in
the House of Representatives to-day.
The bill of Representative Spaldlng of
North Dakota provides for a tariff com
mission. The preamble of the bill re
cites that no ordinary session of Con
gress can fully investigate the subject
and determine what changes will best
promote the general welfare. Nine com
missioners are to investigate and report
to Congress recommendations. N as to
necessary changes in the tariff.
Representative Fordney of Michigan
also offered a tariff commission bill.
Representative Lovering of Massa
chusetts proposed three bills. The first
provides for the allowance of a draw
back and the remission of internal rev
enue, taxes on articles consumed on
vessels clearing for foreign countries
from United States ports. The second
provides for a drawbaok on imported
articles on which duties have been paid
which are used in the production of or
are joined to or form an inseparable
part of articles produced in the United
States. The third provides that where
imported materials on which duties
have been paid are used as coverings or
wrappings of articles produced in the
United States there shall be allowed on
the exportation of such articles a draw
back equal in amount to the duties
paid on the materials used as such cov
erings.
Representative Baker of New York
introduced a resolution reciting that
the tariff is a fraud on the American
people wherever it is levied on any ar
ticle whose labor cost is less in the
United States than anywhere else. The
resolution especially mentions steel, and
reseolves "that this despicable fraud on
the American people be stopped by di
recting the Secretary of the Treasury
to suspend the collection of the tariff
tax of $7 84 a ton on steel rails until
such time as the United States Steel
Corporation and others furnish conclu
sive evidence that the amount paid by
them to their employes for producing a
ton of steel rails is greater than that
paid by English steel rail manufactur
ers." .:.;•
Baker also introduced a resolution
calling on the Attorney General to
communicate to the House his opinion
as to the extent to which the alleged
combination of steel manufacturing
companies to restrict the output and fix
the price of steel constitutes a viola
tion of law.
LOS ANGELES
REPUBLICANS
ROUT SNYDER
Only .-One Democrat
on the Ticket
LOS ANGELES MAX ELECTED
MAYOR OF THE CITY OF
ANGELS BYv REPUBLICANS.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 5.— Election
of a full municipal ticket was held in
this, city to-day," the first municipal
election in the United States since
the general election of November. 8.
Owen -McAleer (R.) was elected
Mayor, over MJ P. Snyder (D.) , who
has held the office for^gix years, by
a plurality approximating 3000.* The
majority of the Council \ will be v Re
publican.
Up 'to a late hour last night it ap
peared: that the Republican candi
dates for Assessor, Treasurer, Auditor,
Clerk and City Attorney, are elected.
The Democrats elected their candidate
for Street Superintendent over the Re
publican incumbent, against whom a
most vigorous and bitter fight ; had
been made. ';< .
Roosevelt carried . Los Angeles City
a month ago by 12,836 votes. : AK
though figures t. are not available " at
this time, it ' appears that this Re
publican plurality has been reduced
by about 9000 on the vote' for Mayor.
LEAPS TO DEATH
FROM ROOF OF BUILDING
L.OS ANGELES, Dec. 5.— To escape
arrest , an unknown man , about ' 4 5
years , old leaped '. from .the ; roof ' of the
recently' completed ; flve-story > Occi
dental Club building' at' 535 • South
Broadway to-day and .was ■ dashed to
death on the grround below. .. ; ,r. ". . - Z
; .The ' man,-, who . .was -evidently '■■■:.*
,tramp,V-had been caught sleeping: ]. in
the- building, and 'placed under arrest
for vagrancy. He , escaped : from the
• officers and : ran , to - the ' . roof ? and
• leaped of -
BIG DEFICIT
IN NATION'S
FINANCES
Over .Forty Millions,
Including Canal
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— In his an-,
nual report, for^the fiscal year ending
June 30, 1904, submitted to Congress to
day, Secretary of the Treasury Shaw
states that the total receipts for that
period were $634,214,373 14, and the ex
penditures $725,984,945 65. leaving a de
ficit of 541.770,571 91. The expenditures
Include the payment of $50,000,000 for
the Panama canal. Compared with the
fiscal year 1903, the receipts decreased
over $10,000,000 and the expenditures In
creased over $85,000,000, due mostly to
the Panama canal purchase, the in
crease in the navy and the discontinu
ance of war taxes.. .For the present
year the estimates provide for a deficit
Of $18,000,000, and for the year following
a surplus of $22,000,000.
Transactions in the interest-bearing
public debt resulted in a net reduction
in the principal of $19,383,970 and a de
crease In the annual interest charge of
$1,364,828 30.
The total stock of money in the coun
try at the close of the fiscal year 1904
was $2,803,504,135, an increase of $118,
793,148 over the preceding year. The
extraordinary 'amount of $42,193,282 94
in foreign gold coin and bullion and
$29,158,970 31 . in domestic bullion was
deposited in the Mint at San Francisco
during the year and paid for by the lo-""
cal office or by telegraphic exchange on
New York. .' •
The Secretary points out that steps
must soon be taken to provide bullion
for subsidiary coinage. He adds:
"In this connection, it may be pointed
out that no provision now exists for the
recoinage of standard silver dollars
which by natural wear have become
unfit for circulation. Many such are
now In the Treasury. They cannot be
recolned into dollars without loss, and
there Is no authority to reimburse such
loss. As the subsidiary coins are of
lighter proportionate weight than the
standard silver dollars, these abraded
and uncurrent coins might be recoined
into subsidiary silver coin without
loss."
MORE PLIABLE RESERVE.
It is recommended that the act provid
that "whenever and so long as the gold
coin held in the reserve fund in the
Treasury for the redemption of United
States notes and Treasury notes shall
fall and remain below $100,000,000 the au
thority to issue gold certificates be sus
pended" be changed by inserting the
words "and bullion" after "gold coin."
"The effect of the proposed amend
ment," says the Secretary, "would be to
vest in the Secretary- erf the Treasury
discretionary power as to the.propor
tion of coin and bullion in the reserve,
and it would be his duty to keep at all
times sufficient coin in the fund to meet
the demand." . , . '
The interest bearing debt ' oh'Novem
ber 1; 1904.. was $895,157,770. :
A reorganization of the customs dis
tricts , on a more^ businesslike basis is
recommended,* in view of the fact that
it costs more. to maintain eome stations
than' is collected 'there in revenues.
Among these is Humboldt, Cal., where
it costs $6 to collect $1.
Of the revenue' service the report
states that several new vessels are re
quired to replace an old, obsolete and
worn-out class, and at least one for a
new station at '■" Honolulu, Hawaii.
There is' no vessel of the revenue cut
ter service available for service In Ha
waiian waters, where one is needed.
The Bear and the Thetis are annually
dispatched by the service for the re
lief and protection of whaling and oth
er interests in the Bering Sea and Arc
tic Ocean. They are still In great need
of extensive repairs and it is recom
mended that they be given the neces
sary overhauling. *•—
PAPER 3IOXEY DEMAND.
Preparations are being made for the
erection of wireless telegraph towers
at convenient intervals along the sea
coast. These ; towers, together with
those maintained by. private corpora
tions, will afford opportunity for
advantageous use of wireless teleg
raphy by the revenue cutter service.
This, service now has a coast guard of
modern vessels, ; and : the Secretary rec
ommends that at least ten of these be
provided with approved wireless equip
ment for communication with. the coast
stations.
All amounts which have become due
to the United States under the agree
ment dated February 1, 1899, for the
settlement of the indebtedness of the
Central Pacific * Railroad Company
have been paid by the railroad com
pany in full, including interest on all
outstanding notes to August 1, 1904.
The principal of all notes held August
1, 1904, amounted to: $26,465,722 02, and
first mortgage bonds to the amount or
$26,466,000 are held as security for the
payment thereof.
"Our currency system," says the re
port, "thousrh* somewhat complicated,
has been proved safe. and reliable un
der every practical test. The. exchange
of gold for all forms of money issued
or coined by* the Government, on de
mand, authorized by .act of Congress
approved March; 14, 1900, , removes ev
ery suggestion .of public distrust or
doubt. The system has one. recognized
weakness, however: it is nonelastic.
This criticism is sometimes | answered
by the statement that national banks
possess the power ; to • increase circula
tion at will. Actual experience demon
strates the insufficiency of this prerog
ative to correct the '■ recognized ■ evil."
- All radical changes are opposed.
To meet a demand for paper money
of; small denominations it is ■: recom
mended y that r national ;• banks be per
mitted to issue . a larger proportion of
their authorized circulation in denomi
nations of five dollars," and that' au
thority, be given to issue one-eighth of
the aggregate v volume of Tgold. certifi
cates in denominations i of ;ten« dollars.
: The; report' refers ' to the : growth; of
trust companies and says:
"I' suggest the* propriety^', therefore, 1
of *a" law, giving trust., companies of
large capitalization in : large cities the
privilege of ; incorporating , under Fed
eral; law, with corresponding; supervis-.
ion.";^If such right : were extended, the
more ".conservative -would , probably
avail ' themselves ; ; - "thereof, , and this
would compel others to cultivate con
servatism;" M$8B38gs&
Christmas Picture Frames.
The : prettiest yet; are ; the ; shapes and
flnish'of our : new frames. ; .Exquisite^ de
signs, in'oval;'square and odd shapes, fin
ished^ in j dead , black,; grays and" browns,
with / the * daintiest i gold i top i ornaments ;
also many beautiful patterns in gold; gilt
lacquers and gold bronzes." Sanborn, Vail
& Co., ,741 .Market street. •
:'. PANAMA. .Dec. 5.— The Cabinet held, a
meeting. to-day .; to draft a. decree reducing Im
port i dutit-s, .; consular '- feeo. : «tc.', ■; to -conform
.with * the conditions or the Amador-Taf t agree
ment^fflSIBBESBnCBBEnnMBndtaMlBMHl
CAMPAIGN
FUNDS MAY
SEE LIGHT
Cockran Has a Bill
That Calls., for • ;.
Publicity^
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.—Representa
tive Cockran of New York introduced a
bill to-day, providing for the appoint
ment of a speclav committee to inquire
into .and ascertain the amounts of
money expended "by both parties at all
elections for Presidential electors from
1892 to 1904 inclusive.
"-- The bill provides that the commission
shall be . composed of the senior Asso
ciate Justice of the Supreme Court of
the United States,. the junior Judge of
the Circuit Court of the United States
in and for the Third Circuit, together
with two Senators of different political
affiliations, to be chosen by the Sen
ate, and two Representatives in Con
gress of different political affiliations,
to be chosen by that body. Its main
object- is to ascertain the source from
which such moneys were derived, the
purposes for whfch used, the persons
to whom they were paid or given, and
the manner in which they were dis
bursed.
The terms of the bill require that^ the
findings of the commission and the tes
timony taken shall be reported to Con
gress on or befc-re January 1, 1906.
Cockran also introduced a bill to-day
providing that when any sum exceed
ing $50 shall be contributed to the funds
of any political party or any moneys
shall be expended by, or on behalf of
any candidate for Congress or for Pres
idential elector, before an election at
Representatives or Presidential
electors are to be chosen, a statement
shall' be filed within three days from
such contributions in the office of the
clerk of the District Court of the
United States, for the district in which
the person or firm or corporation mak
ing such contribution or expenditure
shall reside, specifying the amount, the
name "and residences of donors, and of
the person or officer receiving it.
Provision is made further for pub
lishing the statement and making the
failure to file a statement a felony pun
ishable by imprisonment not to exceed
three years.
TAPS SOUND
FOR GALLANT
OLD SOLDIER
LOS ANGELES, - Dec, 5.— Colonel
Isaac PL Dunkelberger, United States
Army < (retired), distinguished soldier
and citizen, and postmaster of Los
Angeles from 1878 to 1884, died to-day,
aged 72.
One hour after President Lincoln's
call" for 75.000 men .had been officially
proclaimed by - Governor Andrew
G. Curtln of Pennsylvania, Dun
kelberger enlisted in the ... First
Pennsylvania . Infantry. . , After .- the
battle of Bull Run, Dunkel
berger, who had been appointed cap
tain of Company E, First United States
Cavalry, served in all me great battles
of the Army of the Potomac and was
wounded twice, once- dangerously at
Trevillian Station. He commanded the
escort of General Meade.at the battle
of Gettysburg, and was recommended
for a brevet. He also served with dis
tinction in the Indian wars in Arizo
na from 1867 to 1871, and then resigned
on account of his disabled shoulder.
In 1876 President Grant reappointed
the colonel as captain In the regular
army, but he declined on account of
trouble from his old wound. In 1901
President McKinley, appointed him a
captain of cavalry, so that he might
be retired, which went through Con
gress without a dissenting vote, it be
ing only the sixteenth on record in
thirty-eight years. He was a Knight
Templar and a member of the Loyal
Legion. ,' s %
EXD COMES TO TYXER.
Veteran Postal Official Passes Away
in Xation's Capital.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5. — Former
Postmaster General Tyner died at
9:35 o'clock this morning. Tyner was
Postmaster General during 1 President
Grant's administration. His last of
ficial duty was as assistant attorney
general for the Postofflce Department,
from which office he was removed last
year and afterward indicted, together
with his nephew, Harrison J. Barrett,
cnA charge of conspiracy, in connec
tion with the use of the mails by cer
tain ' alleged "get-rich-quick" con
cerns.. On this charge he was ac
quitted by a jury. He had 'been in ill
health for a number of years. He was
bom in Indiana in 1826."
NOVELIST PASSES AWAY.
Death Ends the Long Illness of Ade
line Sergeant.
LONDON, Dec. 5.— Adeline Sargeant
(Emily Frances Adeline Sargeant),
the novelist, died at Bournemouth to
day after a long and painful illness.
She was born in 1861.
Last Call Is Answered.
BIGGS, Dec. 5.— E/A. Ricker, man
ager of the Sierra Lumber Company's
lumber yards in this city and a-prom
nent and highly respected citizen, died
suddenly at his residence to-day. He
leaves a wife and daughter. : Ricker
was 63 years. of age and had been, in
the employ of the Sierra Lumber Com
pany for many years.
Pioneer v Called 'by Death.
SALINAS, Dec. 5. — Charles Under
wood a pioneer. resident of Monterey,
died to-day at the age of 77 years. He
leaves a wife and two children,- A. R.
Underwood of Monterey and Mrs. A.
W. Brown of San Francisco'. SSSBEi
LIFE PROVES BURDENSOME
-."TO ) WIPE ; OP STANFORD MAX
Martha Ann Soule, Aged Seventy-Four
Years, Takes Fatal Dose of
"Strychnine.
PALO ALTO, .Dec. ..4.— Mrs. Martha
Ann "Soule, wife of E. Soule, of, the
manual Straining department . at i Stan»
ford University, committed suicide at
her home ; in ; Palo* Alto- last -night by
takings strychnine.; She .was 74 years
old and had been in ill health for a long
time. : \ Of late : her mind • had 'been" un
settled:^^ 2' :. --. ■-" ''
'•Mrs. -Soule came to" California : from
Vermont in 1852. * .
? To Cure a Cold In! One Day
Take f Laxative Bromo . Quinine Tablets. All
drugglfts refund the money it it 'fails,' to cure.
E. W.~ Grove's signature is on each box. 25c.*
MUSICAL. -...'
THIS IS THE
REAL THING
Why Can't We Do Business With You? Let
Us Get Together on Tliis Piano
Proposition and See.
«
We Are Closing Out, at Cost, as Fine a Line of
Pianos as Any One Ever Sold— the • 'Weber,"
and Its Kindred Makes— the "Whee-
lock," and "Stuyvesant."
In This Fine and Beautiful "Weber," at $200 Below Its Worth, and
at $50 Down and $15 a Month, We Are Throwing
« You Out a "Life Line" — Don*t Run Around .
Town Grabbing at Straws.
This sale will last but a few days— cannot, at these prices and terms.
Then come' at once and see what $295 will do for you. See what $267 will
do. See what $228 will do, and see what $165 will do for you; either on
terms of $25 down and $10 per month-
If we don't sell all the pianos sold in San Francisco this week It will
be because somebody's been chasms butterflies,; and got In the wrong pew.
We've got the bargains to do it with and got the heart to do it. Come and
see. -> •'■.*"-."-■'
. Store open day and^ evening at 126 Geary street.
CLARK WISE & COW." K*?
A. A. Fisher, Manager.
POPE IS TAKEN
SUDDENLY ILL
After Conducting Elaborate
Ceremony Pius Suffers
From Attack of the Gout
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROME, Dec. 5. — After apparently en-
Joying the best of health since his ele
vation to the chair of St Peter, at the
morning session of the Consistory, his
Holiness Pope Pius X was this aft
ernoon suddenly seized with a recur
rence of his old complaint, the grout,
and had to be aided to his apart
ments. Dr. Lapponi and the sisters of
his Holiness were summoned, and at
their suggestion the Pontiff took to his
bed in order to regain his strength for
Thursday's ceremony, Dr. Lapponi
said there was no reason to feel
alarmed over the Pope's condition, that
it was not serious, and that a few
hours* rest would restore htm to per
fect health.
The Pope this morning held a con
sistory for the canonization of blessed
Gerardo Malella and blessed Alessan
dro Sauli, one of the chief functions of
the celebration of the golden jubilee of
the' proclamation. oCVttre dogma of the
Immaculate 'Conception. -The weather
was springlike, adding to • the general
feeling of good will. The Pontiff went
to' the Hall of. the:. Cqnsistory, ■ where
there was a most imposing gathering
of nigh. prelates, said to be the largest
since the fall of the temporal power of
the Popes, but the public was not ad
mitted.
Pope Pius, wearing his full pontifical
robes, seated himself on the throne
immediately after entering the hall. He
then recited in a sonorous .voice the
prayers for the occasion and proceeded
to expound the reasons which induced
him to sanction the canonization of the
new saints, inviting the sacred college
to give their views, which each, of the
Cardinals read in Latin. The Cardinals
were followed by Patriarchs. Archbish
ops and Bishops, including those from
the United States and Canada.
After this. the Pope proceeded to St.
Peter's, where the solemn rites of the
canonization were performed.
Later the Pope received in St Peter's
all the members of the International
Congress of the Virgin Mary, which
met to-day in Rome. Many foreigners,
including the American ecclesiastics
now in Rome, were also jiresent.
The Pope blessed the crown, com
posed of twelve stars of brilliants and
valued at $30,000, which will be placed
on the Madonna, whose image was
crowned by Pope Pius IX when he pro
claimed the dogma of the Immaculate
Conception. .
Replying to the address of Cardinal
Vannuteni, the Pope said the jubilee of
the Immaculate Conc«ption was a new
affirmation of Christian feeling, true
religion and sincere loyalty to the pon
tificate, itssna
All the prelates and others were per
mitted to kiss the hand of the Pope. In
cluding a group. of about 100 Bishops
of all nationalities.
GRIM TRAGEDY FOLlLOWS
" IN* WAKE OP ELOPEMENT
DAXDRIDGE, Tenn., Dec. 5. —
Thomas Clark, son of a former coun
ty Sheriff, and _ now traveling for a
Knoxville commercial house. Is under
arrest at Rutledge, charged with the
murder of Charles Malicote. whose
Bister Clark married two hours after
the" tragedy. The principals were
among the attendants at a -wedding,
and at its conclusion went to Mali
cote's house, accompanied by Miss
Malicote. RMBiHBra
After remaining a short time at the
Malicote house Clark and the young
woman left In a vehicle. They were
followed by Charles Malicote. Soon
after the couple's departure Malicote
was killed by a shot from the buggy.
Clark *and the young woman proceed
ed to the home of a minister, where
they were united in marriage. • The
families are prominent.
ADVERTISEMENTS. "'
; jmnomices tliat its new estato--
lislmient at 622 Martet street
is open to . tlie DnlJilc, witli an
eiclosiye reiireseiitatiM 'of
Gentlemea's HaterflaslieiT and •
ClotMng./
Tie F. B. Q. toa made CMiis:/
. fiinous . for its ' staMaH niality,'-.
: is stowii bere ii tUs latest styles
B 2 2 Market Bii-.
(WHITE BUILDING)'
FRIGHT KILLS
RESCUED MAN
Wedged in Piles While Tide
Threatens Him, He Goes
Insane When First Freed
NEW YORK. r>ec. 5.— Pinned between
two piles of a pier at the foot of "West
Twenty-third street so tightly that the
combined efforts of a score of firemen
and policemen only released him after
long and frantic efforts and* with the
rising tide threatening death by drown
ing, a man supposed to be George
Fahey became a raving maniac and
died to-day after having been removed
from his perilous position.
A policeman heard cries from under
the pier to-day, and Fahey- was found
wedged between two piles, whose topa
were close together. A rope was passed
under the man's arms and five men at
tempted to pull Fahey out of hi3 plight.
but only wedged hl3 body more tightly
in Its prison. The rising tide was at the
level of the frightened man's chest, and
his screams urged the rescuers to great
er haste. Four more policemen were
summoned, but the man could not be
released. -
An urgent call for more help brought
a flreboat and three members of a near
by book and ladder company* with axes
and hooks. Ferry hands and passen
gers jQined the rescuers. The water
had risen to Fahey's chin. One man
held his head above the water and
poured whisky down Fahey's throat
while the firemen chopped with all
their might at the piles which held him
prisoner. '""
When It was nip and tuck whether
the tide or the rescuers would win the
piles gave way and Fahey was taken
but, a raving maniac. Shortly after
ward he died in a hospital. No ona
knows how he came to be in such a
plight nor anything about him.
GIKIi DANCES FOR CnARlTY
AND DIES SOON AFTERWARD
Daughter of Eastern Engineer Snc
cumbs After Exertion to Attack
of Pneumonia.
NEW YORK. Dec. 5. — Dancing at
a klrmess in aid of a hospital has re
sulted In an attack of pneumonia,
which caused the death of Abrillla A.
Babbitt, the daughter of a well
known consulting engineer of Pitts
burg and New York. The girl, who
was 18 years of age, had been ill sev
eral months, but when the youn^c
women, of the town were asked to
help the hospital she volunteered her
services.
She danced a hornpipe In a light
yachting costume. She fainted aft:;r
the first night's performance, but in
sisted on appearing for the second
night, and died a few hours later.
-J ADVERTISEMENTS.
soap does nothing but
cleanse, it has no medical
properties; for the color of
health and health itself
use Pears'. Give it time.
Sold all over the world.
Shopping Bags j
| FOR. CHRISTMAS. 1
ft The above bag is well made and a j
n specially good value for the money, j I
■ In real leather, has a purse In pocket i
■ and . braided leather handle.-. Our ■
'•■' B We have a large variety of baat.i In I
■ alt stylish leathers, colors and shapes Is
■ at reawnahle prlcee. Also a.flne line of a
■ Ptrnr Ban from 2Sc to ?5. Card a \
■ Cases' and Wallets, ■ from ."VOc up. I
: MConklln's Self-Filling Pen. && to #.%. I
9 THAT KAN PITTS. §
* I - .F*. W. PITTS. The Stationer. 1
Ii008 MARKET ST.. Opp. Fifth. S.,T, j'MINERS OF STATE
LISTEN TO REPORT
PROCEEDINGS OFFICIALLY REVIEWED
Proposition Is Entertained to Change Laws
of the Association.
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
every effort to iecure the postage of these
bills and ne have r.a doubt that he will
eacceed. The association, through its chair
man of the committee on legislation, Hon.
John F. Davis has furnished Mr. Gillett with
all the necessary data to show the necessity
Jor the proposed legislation.
WILDCAT MIXING.
I desire to aea:n call the attention of the
association to the matter of wildcat mining
companies, and I earnestly urge the necessity
fcr 6om» legislation which will put out or
business for an time these illegitimate schemes
which have a tendency to oast a shadow on
legitimate mining enterprises.
While the association during the past year
tas had no active contests in behalf of mining
<m lta hands, nevertheless it has been alert
for the interests and welfare of mining in
*.; lt« branches and has ever been ready to
extend a helping hard when called upon so
to Co. ** V ' •■■■".£
I am eonr to note a lack of Interest In
tte association by those who ougrht to be mo«
Interested and for whom the ase-jciatlon stands
In a position u> do the mo*t good. I sincerely
hepe that this apathy will clve way to an
earnest, active interest in the work which
the association can do and that the comme
jear will find all who are interested In mining
throughout the State of Calif om.a laboring
band in hand under the banner of the as
sociation to promote our mining interests.
I desire to here publicly express my appre
ciation for the good. hard, faithful work which
poor secretary, E. H. Benjamin, ha* alwaya
<on« for this association, and I wish to say
to you. rsy fellow delegates, that whatever
COod the association ha» done In the past few
y«-ars lies been through the untiring: efforts
of your secretary, and I now publicly thank
fclni for his Invaluable assistance to me.
In retiring from the presidency of this as
sociation I wish to thank you for the con
fidence which ycu have reposed in ms and to
*ay that I am fully aware of my many short
comings, but. in returnlr-ff to the ranks, I
to to with the full knowledge of the rreat
«txx1 this association has accomplished and I
•tfcjid ready, with all the rest, to put my
■houlder to the wheel and do my best to
assist in the furtherance of th« mineral in
<u*.u-y of the State of California.
SPEECHES ARE BRIEF.
There was not much speech making:
on the opening day of the convention.
"W. C. Ralston described, without notes,
In an extremely interesting way, the
gold mining sections known as Tono
pah, Goldfield and the newer Xevada
camp of Bullfrog. He said that the
gniaera of Tonopah did not take any
account of ore that ran less than $40
a ton and that the Goldfield miners
f.xed the limit at $60 a ton when they
vere considering shipments out of
their districts. He believed strongly
in a treat future for Goldfield and for
Tonopah and predicted that in five
years they would make a record that
would amaze the world. He expressed
surprise that the miners of California
and the capitalists of San Francisco
had been so little represented at Tono
pah and at Goldfield, where Eastern
men 4T.d Eastern capital were reaping
returns.
At the forenoon session the Pioneers
■were complimented. Niles Searls ajid
"Jake" Neff were called upon and were
warmly applauded when they spoke.
Mr. Neff said that he was glad always
tu lend his voice for the success of the
California Miners' Association. His
every effort since the organization of
the association had been for its suc
cess. Mining was one of the greatest
industries of California. There was no
.reason why it should languish.
Xiles Searls said he had been con
certed v.ith mining In California ever
since 1S4S. The conventions of the Cal
•ifornia Miners" Association should be
instrumental in placing before the min
ers new ideas. Papers were read last
year in the miners' convention of great
value. Good results were sure to fol
low the convention of 1904. Some man
■whose head extended above his ears
was sure to provide something of im
portance to miners during the pro
ceedings of the convention.
AXDERSOX WELCOMES.
In extending welcome to the miners
in behalf of the State, in the absence
<it Governor Pardee, Lieutenant Gov
ernor Alden Anderson said in sub
stance that it afforded him great pleas
ure to greet those present. The people
of California were and always had been
interested in the mining industry of
the State, to which was due the first
great Immigration. The argonauts
were greater than were the compan
ions of Jason who sought for the gold
en fleece. They doubled Cape Horn,
crossed the isthmus, journeyed over
the plains, incurred danger and hard
ships in many forms and founded a
great State. There -xas present as
delegates at this convention pioneers
and desce^ of pioneers. All could
look with pride at the pioneers..
The Lieutenant Governor also Eald
that mining methods had changed.
JCow electricity, the modern stamp
mill, cyanide and chlorinatlon plants
and tn<» gold dredger have taken the
places of the pan and pick and rocker.
He added: "I believe I echo the gen
eral sentiment of the people in so say
ing, the mining industry Is wished suc
cess and the hope is entertained that it
may proceed with as little interference
and abridgment as possible."
The speaker referred to the possible
reed for new legislation. He said that
there was no industry in the State in
■which the conditions were bo favorable
for harmony. Gold had its own value
end was not subject to competition in
seeking a market For this reason
miners could act harmoniously and
unanimously. "The more prosperous
each and every miner is, the better it
Trtl! be for the State erf California."
Delegate Campbell read a paper
about hvdraulic gravel elevators and
asserted that the heavy material of
Alaska could be handled by the hy
draulic elevator at 10 cents a cubic
yard and that in California the cost
•would not exceed E cents a cubic yard.
TO FRAME RESOLUTION'S,
A comraittee jon resolutions was ap
pointed, composed of the following:
Charles O. Tale, chairman; A. H. Ricketts,
AN INACTIVE LSVER
A CONSTIPATION HEADACHE
soon set right by
uLJiB KrWv KOflW iRumS Pi w% rS^frfl TSS &J B3 TM fe^ KM HgLp^M Si^h^ R8 jH
TO SET YOUR LIVER WORKING RIGHT
I is absolutely imperative if you are to get any comfort from life or
; nourishment from food. A torpid liver can be a \ery dangerous
condition and should not be neglected. Few medicines act as
thoroughly, promptly and safely as Beecham's Pills. They are .
I \igorous but mild, and cause no Inconvenience 1 or nausea.
1 TO BE RID OF CONSTIPATION
* There is no remedy quite as good as Beecham's Pills, not only; to
I loosen the bowels but in the after effects. There is no binding up
I afterwards, as these Pills aid Nature in a natural way. Persons
J chronically constipated can become regular and be rid of the con--
I sequent discomforts formerly theirs by use of BEECHAM'S PILLS. .
• Sold Everywhere In Boxes, lOo. and 28c.
AJamedi County; R. C. Rust Amador; I>. J.
Uohl, Butte; F. J. Solinsky, Calaveras; C. II.
Dunton, El Dorado; H. Z. Osborne, Los An-
Kelcs; A. H. Ward, Mariposa; Fred Searles,
Nevada; Z. J. Kendall. Placer; H. • II. Yard,
I'lunijs; J. B. Ualccmb. San Francisco; Henry
ChinesmUh Shasta; *.\. A. lYcgiigo. Solano;
J. W. Re.ldaa. Santa Clara; K.'K. fc'mlth. San
Joa<iuin; \V. A. Gett, Sacramento; F. R. Wehe,
Sierra: John Daggett, Slsklyou; E. B. Preston,
Sonoma; William Sharwood, Tuolumne; J. W.
Bartlett. Trinity; F. J. Symmes. from the
Merchants' Attoeiation; Rufus P. Jennings,
frcm the California Promotion Committee; E.
G. HeaM. from the California Petroleum Min
ers' Association; F. H. Harvey, from the State
Mining Bureau; John Ferris, from the River
Improvement and Drainage Association.
On motion of W. C. Ralston a com
mittee of seven was appointed to sub
mit such revision of the constitution
and by-laws of the association as may
be made necessary by new conditions,
and Ralston, Yale, Andrew Carrigan,
\V. P. Hammon of Butte, Clark of El
Dorado, N. P. Brown of Nevada Coun
ty and Harry E. Bush of Shasta were
named as the committee.
A report was received from the Unit
ed States engineers composing' the Cali
fornia Debris Commission relating to
the progress of the barriers on the Yu
ba River. The work is proceeding on
three sections. The first barrier, rising
six feet from the river bottom, is com
pleted. About half the work at Da
guerre Point is finished and 6000 feet of
a dike constructed there by W. P.
Hammon is also finished. A wide cut
has been about half completed at Da
guerre Point for the purpose of divert
ing the entire flow of the Yuba River
at high stages of water. On the third
section, near Marysville, easements on
property have been largely secured and
the surveying for a great settling basin
has been performed.
The first resolution that was Intro
duced referred to the necessity for good
roads to- the mines of the State.
DELEGATES ARE SEATED.
By the report of the committee on
credentials, which consisted of Dunton
of El Dorado County. Mayor Rickard
of Berkeley, N. P. Brown of Nevada
County. E. C. Voorheis of Amador and
"W. L*. Ashe of Alpine County, the fol
lowing were found to be entitled to sit
as delegates in the convention:
Placer County— C. D. Akers. F. K. Develey,
D. W. Lubeck. William Freeman. John Spauld-
Itig. J. M. Fulweiler. T. J. N'lctaolls. E. J. Ken.
dall. It. Lebner, D. Faulkner, William -Jsich
olls Jr.. F. Lu Schultxe. Thoman James, A- F.
CaJlenberir. G. W. Towle. G. G. Towle. J. B.
Knapp, James A. Ferruson, A. W. McAulay,
P. F. Hinst, Alfred Dixon, John Eutcllffe, B.
Pelefka. J. U Walker, William Grimmer.
Thcmas Hosmer, E. C. Kavanaugh, George
McAulay. A. O. Read. L. Hutch, John MeAr
rinch, H. F. Adam*. B. F. Hartley, Charles F.
Head, John C. Bosfjrs, B. F. Manley.
Shasta. County — Lewis T. Wright, W. L.
Cole. H. O. Cummins, arant Snider, A. H.
Brown. M. E. Dittmar. Frederick Lyon, Fred
Xiing. Fred Hurst, John Fillius, Dan McCar
thy, Harry E. Bush, James Bailee, D. B. Hunt,
S. S. Stlckley. A. A. Anttiony George Sea
majis, C. C. Bush. J. B. Keating, J. Sterling
Wilson, L. A. Mclntosh, J. O. Jllson, O. W.
Scott. Luke McDonald. Ed Sanders, M. Ore
weiler, Henry Clinesmith. W. J. Glllesple, Al
marin B. Paul, Dr. Garllck, A. J. Glass. James
Gilbert, A. C. Halter. Junei Hulme, Dr.
Helntst. Frank Panter.
Alameda County — S. B. Christy, E. H. Ben
jamin. Captain E. O. C. Ord. John A. Britton,
Valentine Hush. Frank. A. Leach, R. M. Mein,
Calvert Mead. A. H. ' Rlcketts. E. ' H. Simonds.
A. von der Ropp, F. A. Lawson. E. A. ■ Her
sam, A. T. Eastland. Herbert Lang, Hon. Niles
Searls, C. J. Heepeman, E. Lehnhardt. R. P.
M. Greeley, A. E. Carpenter. Stuart W. Booth.
San Franclscfl — Andrew Carrigan, George A.
Moore, H. C. Norton, T. J. Barbour, R. H.
Po«tlethwalte. C. C. Mocre, G. 1>. Belcher, C.
H. Dasher. H. B. Hinckley, George Johnson,
Henry Morton, Joeeph Sloss, Ed Brayton,
Gecrge J. Henry, John Bermlngham Jr., R. S.
Pennlman, A. J. Ralston, Henry B. Underhill.
J. H. Batcher, J. O. Harrcn, Alex McCone, S.
V. Mooney, William Hall, Louis Rosenfeld. J.
K. Firth, John Hendy, George E. Dow. George
A. Dow. F. L. Brown, H. M. Brlttan. F. Gott
fried. George A. Wallls. A. B. Stevens, A. A.
Watkins. W. W. Montague, S. G. Irving, B. 8.
Ehainwald. J. F. Halloran. T. B. Joseph, J. B
Balcomb, W. F. Xewell, H. H. Hollidge, C. W.
Adams. A. F. W. Dellua, E. G. Denniston, O.
W. Grayson, George Johnson, John McMurray,
J. H. Mooser, Williaai Letts Oliver. Almarln
B. Paul, E. A. Rix, J. W. C. Maxwell, Edward
Coleman. John Coleman. Tirey L. Ford, Louis
Glass. Charles G. Tale, J. H. Neft, Charles
Champion. H. D. . Phelps.
Calaveras County — F. J. Sollnsky, Harry
Bast Miller, A. I. McSorley, George Sareent
M. W. Miller. J. S. White, D. P. Gray'
Ira Hill Reed. F. F. Thomas, David Mc-
Clure, J. F. Thompson, J. J. McSorley,
Thomas Rooney. L.. W. ShJnn, Alex Chalm-'
ers, W. C. Ralston. B. R. Prince. Otto Del
ling, A. C. Harmon. C. Borger, J. C. Kemp
Van Ee, R. B. Parks, Alex Brown, G. McM.
Roes. Job M. Evans. C. E. Fenssler. W. E.
Emery, W. H. Clay Jr., G. Otis Pearce.
El Dorado County — A. Baring Gould, C. H.
TVeatherwax. M. Q. Meehan, W. F. Bray,
Thomas Clark. D. H. Jackson, E. W. Chap
man, Frank Mott, G. H. Dunton. W. P.
Frick, H. S. Morey, H. C. Plummer, J. Snow.
John Pearson. F. M. Phelps, J. H. Brad
ley, A. C. Morrison, J. Q. Wrenn, W. C.
Green, F. H. Hood, John Fern, Seymour Hill,
Joseph Roylance, J. J. Crawford, H. E. Picket
William J. Dingree, E. P. Colgan. O. R. Al
len, C. M. Fitzgerald, N. W. Mountain, H.
Larkfn, H. N. Berger. G«« Norig-esser.
; San Joaquln County — J. Jerome Smith, Rich
ard Russell Smith. Orrln S. Henderson, E. F.
Cadle. S. V. Ryland, J. D. Peters, J. U.
Castle. Charles Adams.
Butte County — John J. Hamlyn. F. S. May
hew. I,. J. Hohl. A. S. Grant, James H. Leg
gett, A. F. Jonea, O. B. Perry, W. P. Ham
mon.
Sacramento County — VT. A. Gett, A. C. Hink
eon, William Schaw, Fred L. Martin, Thomas
L. Enwiicht.
Kern County — Tim Spellacy, C. A. Burcham,
Robert Long.
Santa. Clara. County — H. R. Bradford,
Thomas Derby, R. B. Harper, J. XV. Reddln,
R. R. Bulmore. Thomas W. Jones.
Solano County — A. A. Tre^Jdre, John M.
Gregory, T. H. Woods.
Trinity County— J. W. Baxtlett, U M.
Hoefler. Georjr» P. Ruddock.
Mono County— R. T. Pierce, R. T. Turner,
R. Gllman Brown.
Tuolumne County — "William Sharwood, W. J.
Sharwood, John Neale, Fred Sutton, W. H.
Storms.
Ban Luis Oblspo County — Adolpn KJaw
Victor "Woods. 3. H. Beckett.
• San Diego County — Will H. Holcomb, Frank
A. Salmons. M. Jacoby. George H. Clarke, A.
J. Yi'auchope.
Marlpo*a County — C. C. Derby, Captain A
Hv Ward. Clafenc* Kin*.
riumaa County— H. H. Yard, H. C. Len
grehr. Sam W. Cheney.
Sonoma. County— E. B. Preston. Alfred Ab
bey.
Sierra. Coonty — Frank R. Wehe, F. 8. Moody
Si ski you County — John Darcett, F. H*
Knisht.
\jo* Angeles County— H. Z. Osborne. John
Blngleten. W. H. Holablrd. Georga Klsllng
bury, M. H. Russell, Walter S. Maxwell.
. . ■■■.-: . ■ y- ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, .TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1904.
COSSACKS AMBUSH
JAPANESE FORCE.
SHARP FIGHTING AT PORT ARTHUR
Aid Given Baltic Fleet Angers Japan
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
est Importance. The vessel, which was
navigated by a Danish naval officer
on formal leave of absence, was only
two days' sail from Port Arthur when
she was seized.
BREACHES OF NEUTRALITY.
Aid Given Baltic Fleet Arouses Re
sentment In Japan.
TOKIO, X)ec. 5.— Popular sentiment
regarding the question of the assist
ance which neutral powers are giving
to the vessels of the Russian second
Pacific squadron, which heretofore has
been repressed, is now growing more
acute, and prominent newspapers are
voicing the demand for determined ac
tion by the Japanese Government.
Apparently much will depend on the
course of events when the Russian
warships arrive in Oriental waters. If
the SQuadron shall have been permit
ted to exceed a fair construction of
neutrality it is probable that Japan
will consider herself under no obliga
tion to observe neutrality, and may
send her. fleet after the Russians into
ports of neutrality, of which she be
lieves the Russians are violating. If
the Russians seize a base in neutral
territory Japan probably will do like
wise, should urgency demand such ac«
tion.
Japan is keenly anxious to avoid
complications, but she will forcefully
insist upon what she considers her
rights.
Preparations for meeting 1 the Rus
sian warships are proceeding on an ex
tensive scale, partlculai+y in the ease
of the navy, which is confident of solv
ing the problem under fair conditions!
The preparations of the army include
the calculation that the Russians maj
attempt to cut the Japanese communi
cations to the Liaotung- Peninsula, but
when the Russian vessels arrive the
Japanese armies in Manchuria expect
to be in a position to carry on a cam
paign of many months without th«
necessity of communicating with
Japan.
Commercial concerns expect a tem
porary disappointment In the matter
of mall and maritime service when th«
Russian squadron arrives.
HAY DRAFTS NEW NOTE.
■WASHINGTON, Dec. 5. — Secretary
I Hay has drafted a circular note to
I the powers informing them of the an
! swers made by all the powers to
| which was addressed the note setting
forth President Roosevelt's suggestion
that they engage in a second peace
conference at The Hague. This sec
ond note will include Russia's an
swer that the time is not opportune
for a peace conference . .while the
j Russo-Japanese war continues. It
! will not be transmitted to the powers
for several days, by which time it is
expected Japan's answer will have
been received.
No statement is made upon the sub
ject, but it is believed the Govern
ment will not rest content ;$vith the
powers' acceptance of the principle of
the suggestion. The first opportune
moment will be taken advantage of to
set the date nrid place and to outline
the questions to be dealt with. This
will be decided bv mutual agreement
among the powers, the United States
merely acting as* the custodian of
their respective opinions.
JAPANESE TAKE VILLAGE.
TOKIO, Dec. 5.— Imperial headquar
ters to-night gave out the following
information received from the head
quarters of the Manchurian army:
"About 2 o'clock on the morning of
Saturday, December 3, our Infantry
occupied Kuchiatzu, driving the
enemy to the northward. This village
formerly was firmly held by the
enemy's infantry, with machine guns.
Our casualties were twelve wounded,
but none killed. The enemy's losses
were more than thirty.
"On the evening of December 3 the
enemy's artillery shelled Waitao
Mountain. At the same time two or
three companies of the enemy's infan
try advanced toward the mountain, but
were repulsed."
OFFERS NEW EXPLANATION.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 5. — An of
ficial statement Issued from naval
headquarters gives Vice Admiral Ro-
Jestvensky's latest account of the
Dogger Bank affair and explains how
the vessels of the Baltic fleet fired
upon one another. The statement Is
as follows:
According to supplementary Information from
Vice Admiral Rojestvensky concerning the
North Sea Incident of October 21, afte'r the
Kniaz Souvaroft ceased firing, two searchlights
of the Dmitri Donskol and Aurora suddenly
appeared on the left of the ironclad division.
The Dmitri Donskoi showed nignt nignals,
•whereupon, fearing projectiles from the hind
most 6hlps of our division should hit our own
vessels, either by direct or by ricochet, a gen
eral signal to cease fire was made from the
Souvaroff. The order was- at once obeyed.
The whole firing lasted less than ten minutes.
Communication by wireless stated that five
projectiles struck the Aurora, some rlcochetting
and others hitting direSt. Three were "G-mil
llmetre and two 47-millimetre shells. The
chaplain of the Aurora was seriously wound
ed and a oetty officer was slightly wounded.
The chaplain subsequently succumbed at Tan
*>«•• ;■.;••■■■'
The foregoing statement lathe first
official confirmation of the fact, pre
viously published in these dispatches,
that during the North Sea affair five
shells came aboard the cruiser Au
rora, injuring . a priest, who subse
quently died at Algiers.
Double-Tracking the Railroad.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 5.— It is an
uounced that the work of double track.
Petroleum. Miner*' Association — M. H. de
Young, Dr. C. T. Deane, John 11. Wright, T.
Epellacy. B. P. Heald. ,.
Merchants* Association — Frank J. Symmea,
O. B. Benedict, J. W. P«w, W. B. Bourn,
"W. C. Ralston. /
California Promotion Committee — Rufus , P.
Jennings, Andrea Sbarboro, Thomas Rlckard,
M. Bulkley. -. ..,:•.--■
State Board of Trade— John P. Irish, H. D.
toveland. A. fi. Luce.
• River Improvement and Drainage Associa
tion — John W. Ferris, M. J.'Boggs. c ' •■.-.-<..-
University of California — Benjamin Ide
■Wheeler, Professor F. A. ■ Lawson.
Stanford University — David Starr Jordan,
John F. Newsom.
State Mining Bureau— F. H. Harvey, J. E.
Doollttle, T. B. Bishop, Harold T. Power,
Lewis E. Aubury. ■
Honorary delegates— Governor George - C.
Pardee, Lieutenant Governor . Anderson,
Mayor Eugene K. Schmltz, . Rear Admiral' B.
H. McCalla. Major C. A. Devol, Senator
George C. Perkins. .
No session of the convention was held
last evening. The proceedings will be
resumed at 9 o'clock this forenoon. A
feature -of to-day's proceedings will be
the reading of a paper prepared by E.
A. Belcher upon the, "Mineral. Land
Laws." Several ; addresses : are expect
ed. This afternoon .the delegates -will
make an excursion about: the ; i bay * on
the Union Iron ; "Works tugboat " and
will visit the Union Iron .Works."
ing the Siberian Railroad has been be
gun. Thousands of workmen are al«
ready -assembling at^ various points
along the road. Some of the villages
are left with scarcely a single work
man.
RUSSIA'S THREATENING- MOVE.
Entire Army Division Ordered to the
Afghan l-'rontler.
LONDON, Dec. 5. — The Standard
asserts that an. entire Russian army
division, which has been stationed* in
the Caucasus, has been ordered to the
Afghan frontier.
The Daily Mail. learns that private
application was made yesterday, it is
believed, at the Bow-street Court, for
the arrest of Burke Roche and - the
captain who mivigated . the turbine
yacht Caroline to Libau.^and a third
person, presumably "Mr. Slnnett."
Denies Black Sea Rumor.
PARIS, Dec. 5. — The reports that
France has given adhesion to Russian
overtures for a modification of the
treaty of Paris so as to permit the
Black Sea fleet to pass through the
Dardanelles are officially denied. The
authorities here say that no such ap
plication has been made.
NOTES BEAR *
CARNEGIE'S
SIGNATURE
Continued From Page 1, Column' 4.
of Andrew Carnegie and was indorsed
by C. L. Chadwick. A widely-known
banker, who requested that his name
be not used, said positively that he had
seen the $500,000 note, signed "Andrew
Carnegie." This banker said he was
not familiar enough with Carnegie's
signature to say positively whether the
signature was genuine or a forgery.
Receiver Nathan Loeser filed his bond
to-day, thus making him the legal cus
todian of all property owned by Mrs.
Chadwick.
It is said that the approval of Loes
er'a bond ties up absolutely all of Mrs.
Chadwick's property, and not a dollar
of her debts can be paid out of the pro
ceeds of the estate. All creditors, it is
said, must share alike. This is supposed
to apply to the -Newton- claim if there
is any attempt to pay it out of money
that may be due to the estate.
> BECKWITH'S CONFESSION.
In the United States District Attor
ney's office to-day President C. T. Beck
with of the' failed Citizens' National
Bank of Oberlin made & confession re
garding: the bank's transactions with
Mrs. Cassie L. Chqdwick.,. Beckwith
said:.' . -'" . " . ..." .•;,-' ■-.. ".-'.'. ' •>, ■/ *
"I am either an awful dupe -or a, ter
rible fool. I guess there is no doubt
about my being a fool."
Beckwith's acquaintance with Mrs.
Chadwick began three years ago. The
attorneys for Herbert D. Newton, the
Brookline, Mass., banker, have stated
that their client loaned Mrs. Chadwick
money only after a note signed "An
drew Carnegie" had been indorsed by
the president and cashier of a national
bank. The men who indorsed the note
were President Beckwith and Cashier
Spear of the Citizens' National Bank of
Oberlin, Ohio. Explaining this matter
Banker Beckwith continued his story
of the bank's transactions with Mrs.
Chadwick as follows:
"Yes, we indorsed the note, in addi
tion to one other note for $500,000, but
never for the purpose for which they
were used."
"Do you mean to say that there are
two $500,000 notes in addition to the
note for $250,000?" was asked.
"Yes, notes aggregating $1,250,000."
"It has not been generally understood
that there were two notes for $500,000,"
was suggested.
"I know it, but the notes exist just
the same," said Beckwith. "One of them
is in the hands of the receiver, and the
other ought to be in the hands of Mrs.
Chadwick. If she has disposed of it^she
has done something which she swore
she would not do, so please make it
plain that a solemn oath was taken
that the notes which bear our indorse
ment were never to be used by -Mrs.
Chadwick for the purpose of raising
money, and she knewit."
FORGERY NOT SUSPECTED.
"Did you have the slightest suspicion
that the notes carrying the name of
Andrew Carnegie were not genuine?"
"Mrs. Chadwick swore to both of us
and v one or more witnesses that she
personally saw Mr. Carnegie sign' his
name to the notes she placed before
us. But we said that we must be sure.
The answer came in less than two
days, when a New York attorney ap
peared In Oberlin who said he was the
attorney of Mr. Carnegie — his special
agent. He vouched for. the correctness
of the claims made by Mrs. Chadwick.
We had at least six conferences with
this lawyer— two In Oberlin and. four
in Cleveland.
"It was -over a year ago that- I
learned that W. 5 S. Fay and Henry
Wurst : of Elyria had' some dealings
with Mrs. Chadwick. They were known
as shrewd business men. I began to
inquire, for as a' business man I want
ed to exert every effort to turn an hon
est dollar. I guess my inquiries reached
the ears of Mrs. Chadwick, in the light
of events of , the past ; t wo • weeks. She
came to Oberlin, and it was there 1 the
thing began. A second interview and
I made, a .small loan, i; It was protnptly
met. 'In addition we secured additional
splendid business and all transacted • in
a business . v/ay. . From , there on the
story leads ; Into a maze, the end of
which I- wishi to God I could now see;
It leads ion ; down i to a time .when I
went to . New York. . In my pocket , I
carried : one'. of the notes signed with
the name of Carnegie. When I started
I. had j In >mlnd an -attempt to .raise
money.l on ; the paper, to put funds in
the bank: When I got, to; New York
my heart failed '■ me, for, something told
me that all was not right. I came back
home without an attempt to raise mon
ey on the note. .
"Mrs. Chadwick had secured high
loans from many other bankers. ' She
had, met -these obligations. Would she
not meet; obligations to the Oberlin
Bank ? . • We prayed that she would and
we thought -that 'she would."
Do You Want a Trunk
At -■ a v moderate ; price? ,One that looks
good . and ; Is /good, or a dress suit : case,
valiseorf traveling; set? We have -them
all in the best material and lowest prices
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 , Market street. ■ •
ROBS THE SANTA FE OVERLAND
AND SHOOTS BRAVE MESSENGER
Bold Grime of Bandit in the South
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 5.— As a result
of a daring and partially successful at
temDt to rob the express car of the
Santa Fe Overland Limited train No. 1,
west bound, at an' early hourHo-day,
"Wells-Fargo Express Messenger Evan
O. Roberts lies in a dying condition at
the Sisters' Hospital in this city, a
sum of money is missing from the way
safe of the express car and the bandit
is in hiding somewhere on the desert
in the vicinity of Daggett. ",»'.-•
The' robbery occurred after the train
left Needles last night and before it
reached Daggett at 2 o'clock this morn
ing. Just at what point and what hour
the robbery and shooting occurred has
not definitely been determined . owing
to Messenger Roberts' inability to
make a clear statement. Posses are
searching the country along the line of.
the railroad and feel confident they
will capture the bandit.
Messenger Roberts believes the rob
ber was a negro.- He has been unable
to give the details of the affair, but
from the fact that the door to the ex-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*^./:^i::!!i:i^u:-.-V-:.::!.. .
The man who buys his overcoat outside our store is paying from
$3 to $7 more for his garment than he needs to.
The overcoats themselves are good proof — the hundreds of pleased
customers thatbuy here every ~week are also good proof.
We make our entire stock and sell direct to you. The assortment
contains every fabric and style at prices from $10 to $40.
We sell an overcoat as pictured for $10,
The Cravenette is a light, cool and comfortable garment, which
serves as a rain coat in wet weather and an overcoat in sunshine.
Our stock is made from the genuine Priestley Cravenette cloth,
every yard of which bears the Priestley stamp. We guarantee the gar-
ments to be absolutely rain proof.
They are 50 inches long, coming down almost to the ankles and
fully protecting the wearer in a storm. » '.
We carry a complete stock of Craveriettes from $10 to $30.
f Here's a plan to reduce your clothing bill several dollars in a year:
; • First--Buy your clothes at x our store, as you direct from the
makers at a saving.
Second— Buy two suits. WearMhem alternately— while weartng-
one have us sponge and press the other— we do this free of charge.
The suits will last longer and you will always look neater dressed.
We have ready-to-wear suits from $10 to $35. We would like
particularly to show you the $10 line. :
Trousers to go -with your worn coat and vest— striped worsted and Scotch
cheviots, fall patterns, S2.25 to. $7.00.
Filled < •^"^™™^T™^ -^^ -— *"r ' Filled
740 Market Street;
press car shows it j was battered with
some heavy instrument,, it is probable
that the bandit broke into the car by
force. The interior of the car gave
evidence, of a struggle, - during which,
it is assumed, the bandit fired the shot
which sent a bullet through Roberts'
body. He then took the keys from Rob
erts' pocket and' opened the way safe,
taking all the money in sight. Just
how much this is cannot <be learned.
The express company officials positive
ly decline to talk, but let it be known
that about $400 is missing.
It Is not believed, either by the po
lice of Los Angeles or by the railway
officials, that - the robbery was other
than the act of a desperate man, in
experienced in that particular sort of
crime. There are no evidences that
more than one man was engaged in the
affair and Messenger Roberts has man
aged to tell that he saw only one man,
whom he took, in the dim light of the
car, to be a negro.
When the train arrived at Daggett
about 2 o'clock this morning 1 , Conduc
tor Hawes had occasion to go to the
express car. Failing to receive a re-
sponse to his repeated knocking at the
side door, he went to the end door 1 and
found it unfastened. Making his way
into the car he found Messenger Rob
erts lying on the floor with an ugly
looking bullet wound in his breast.
Roberts was conscious, but unable to
talk. The bullet had passed entirely
through- the body, piercing the right
lung. Conductor Hawes nad the mes
senger made as comfortable as pos
sible and notified the railroad and ex
press officials in this city. When the
train reached Barstow an employe of
the express company took charge of the
car and its contents.
Late to-night it is thought that Mes
senger Roberts will not recover. He
is one of the oldest Wells-Fargo mes
sengers. In point of service, running
out of Los Angeles, and has a wife
and children living here.
CART HELD FOR TRIAL.— James H. Cary.
the youns attorney arrested by United States
Secret Service Agent George W. Hazen for bor
ing boles In twenty-dollar coins and abstract
ing gold .from them, waived examination be
fore United States Commissioner Heaeocfc yes
terday and his bonds were fixed at $5000).
34
CHARITY BALL PRONOUNCED SPLENDID SUCCESS
Debatai^es present ftdd luster to Brave
Efforts of Southern U/ompn. ■■,
Every Eligible Beau in Town Is Present
Maids and Matrons Are
Smartiy Gowned in
New Frocks.
BY RALLY SHARP.
A fair picture v.as the Charity ball
at the Palace last nigrht— a vision of
charity, the eweftest thing under' the
tun, ard beauty, the most allurir.*;
thing under the sun. And with such
un alliance, who marvels at the splen
did MjcctFs of the annual ball?
Somehow, out in this bis West. th°re
springs a spirit of helpfulness — of geid
fellowship RTs-.ong me:. Ar.d this .---.veet
spirit ip fostered by preliminary tlfif —
hence The Charity ball of the Albert
Sidney Johnfto:: Chapter of the Daugh
ters of the Confederacy.
That's a mighty long: nsme. but in
every syllable of it l!es honor.
Snmehnu fiTn«v)ii>rp thp votinii nf
sectionalism has been unkindly men
tioned in connection with the Daugh
ters of the Confederacy— that they fos
tered the bitterness so long ago buried
in th*> blood of battle. Xot so is the
aim of the Daughters of the Southland.
The're is a nobler purpose — one of
Christian rather than political motive.
The daughters would succor the men
who shouldered muskets and offered
their lives in defense of that which they
thought to be right. And therefore let
us honor the sincere and Christian mo
tive of the beautiful daughters of the
Southland, and may their splendid
epirit spread abroad in the land!
And thus is the success of the ball a
vindication of the smart set so often
charged with selfishness.
Beautiful w as the bailroom in Its !
white and gold splendor, its purity I
thrown into relief by the alluring palms !
standing about. -
As to the details of the dance — the
muric. the punch and the supper— they
vere BOperb, and so say all ivho have a !
voioe. and grateful spirits wave thanks j
to the good patronesses who made pos- i
eible the biilliant affair, to wit:
ill*. Alfred Hunter Voorhee*. Mr« Arthur
W. FoK,. Mrs. William M. Gwin. Mr, w!£ I
l!am H. Harrison. Mr*. William B. Collier !
Mr*. Peirien K. Wright. Mr.. WakeflVId naker! t
JJT.1 J \7 1 ** Potter Lan K horne. Mrs. Frederick j
Kohl Mrs. Milton S. Latham. Mr*. Phoebe
H^iTFt. M.n John Garb«-r, Mrs. Klfanor Mar-
U r 'W M 7. Vr " z fchorb Whlt '. Mrs. William L.
mi . V. VVIIllBm »• Pritchard and Mrs.
Among the attractively gowned wom
♦'n were:
lire. Squire Varlck Mocney wore an exquislt.
creation of Pertian crepe In violet hues.
Mlrs Baatstea Fife, white moire, rumen with
X w n blue * nd P* 1 * yrtlow chiffon ruchin*.
Mr«. CaUTomia Newton, who has Juet re
turned iron brr countn' place «.n the Bu-wian
River, r.n a magnificent Par'.* gow of white
Ou. bee»p Uee over blue »!!k. omarjer.t* of Jla
iS'T.dk »rl rui:!-^».
VM\ Slr». Newton were: JJixs .Te«Fle Me
>.ati. who war, ju-ftty In s> jink >• tripe ju«I
ciotfc ajiJ r«-J«r>; JiiiH Anita Goniale» of Parts.
niec« of Mm Newton, wore a emert -white
err*" with point gppUque.
Mi** Hlyihf MacbcnaM, pink spangled net
•ver |>tr.k *iik.
Ml«* KthfJ Shorb. pale blu«» crepe.. - <
M!m Eugenia HanW icown «n a very rich
tir^jrtation of f ; h-.fIp.j chiffon over plrlc silk.
Mr*. J. B. Pchroeder were a gown of helio
trope \»>:vm and du(heese I»re.
Mr«. r.fdmond I'ayiie. in appllqued white net
over Rhitt «ilk. with girdle of thaded cherry
»tHft, «-s«s rtunniBg.
MiKt Irene Sahln wore a .dainty . gown of
rv-hly r-nibroicier^a chiffon over white chiffon
141m Tearl Fabia'e gomi • «u an Imported
creation of black passementeried lace over
whf.e c-hSJTon.
Mis* .Teyffle niimore, pa!e yellow chlCon over
yellow fllk.
Miiss I'rmj:* Rtone. pink liberty satin with
bertha cf white hqr.Jton Uce. .. .-
Mir« Maye Cclburn. pink chiffon embroidered
in buck
Mn. Pcdar Bruiruiere wai< truly a beautiful
vieScn ir a p<vtn of a Worth gown of pompa
e)oLT K.;k. with fc hajf-wreath of pink ro»e« in
ber rofi. hrown heir.
?■!•*;> Loulye Tilln;an. a smart white lace
SCOTTS EMULSION.
GROWING UP
There's something the mat-
ter with the child that fails
lo grow up. A child that
rro;vs up too much, however,
without proper filling out of
fiesh, is almost as badly off.
Nothing v. ill help these pale,
thin "weedy" children like
Scott's Emulsion. It supplies
t!:c rounding but of flesh and
t/.c rich inward nourishment.
< t blood and vital organs
v.hich insures rapid growth a
healthy and uniform develop-
ment. -;-. -
SOME OF THE POPT'LAR MEMBERS OF THK SMART SET WHO WERE PRES
ENT AT THE CHARITY BALL, GIV EX LAST NIGHT IN THE PALACE HO
TEL BY THE DAUGHTERS OF THE CONFEDERACY.
gown, famously becoming to her blonde type of
beauty.
MIps Alire.Borel. pink satin brocade.
Mi«f Sophie Borel, accordion pleated chiffon
embroidered In daisies of lavender and vio
let shades.
Miss F. H. Barbler. In pink flowered mull.
Mr*. Churchill, a »tunn:cg white lace gown
over white Bilk.
Mrs. Eufc-ene Giare. white net over silk,
with trimming* of passementerie and lace.
Mrs. Baggett, ashes of rose brocade.
MIsh Baggett. red dotted, silk mull over
silk.
Mies Rose, white crepe, with silver passe
ir*nterle.
Mrs. James A. Cole, black chiffon and black
accordion pleating, with trimming of Jet.
Mrs. Edwin Hunt Towle, steel and Jetted
b!.*.«*k lace over white «llk; pearls.
Mist Towle. white silk crepe and coral ne?k
!»!re. • . /
Mr*. Kratithoff. blue r.trlpeil gauze over blue
»!!k. with diamonds and prarls.
Mr* W: W. Phllli&a. black silk net over
white silk.
Miss Renne Kelly, black lace over blue cilk~.
MIes Kate Hnrnsby, spangled chiffon over
3«llcw.
Mrs. Arthur Dudley, black dotted white silk
mull over white silk.
Mlw rhurch.111. white *llk crepe over ellk.
Ml!" Owens, white India trimmed in passe
r:«*riterie and blue forget-me-not*.
MIm Plaw, a handsome maid, in white silk,
w.tli panel* of drawn work.
. Mre. Q. Gearin of. Portland, rainbow. chiffon;
with rurhen. over white silk.
Miss Mairie Coyle. • paJe blue crepe, with
tnirmintc of rink roaes.
Mrs. . John Wesley. Wright, black lace over
white s'Jk. with yoke of white - lace appliqued
In pink roeee: diamonds.
Mr*. Grimm, black la<*« over black silk. <
VANGUARD OF FRUIT
GROOVERS AT SAX JOSE
Prominent Orchard Men Reach Gar
den City, Where Convention Is
to Be Held.
SAN JQSE. Dec. 5. — Prominent
horticulturists, viticulturists, packers
and shippers from all over the State
arrived this , evening to attend the
thirtieth annual convention of the
California Fruit Growers. Others are
expected to-morrow. Among those
here are Ellwood Cooper of Santa
Barbara, chairman of the convention:
John Isaacs of Sacramento, the secre
tary, and most of the members of the
State Horticultural Commission. The
convention promises to be one of the
best held and about 300 are expected
to be in attendance. Local growers
are also taking much interest in the
meeting*. .'..;■•
The sessions, which begin to-mor
row morning at 9:30. will be held in
the Unitarian church and will not
close till Friday afternoon.
Knife Used in a Quarrel.
SAX JOSE. Dec. 5. — A. Bolinis and
S. Pena quarreled at the'home of the
former in Guadalupe yesterday and
during the row Bolinis was stabbed In
the abdomen and cut about the head
and face. <Bollnis.may die of the
wounds., as he is In a -critical condi
tion. ~ Pena at once left the place, but
was T arrested at •' Madrone to-day by
Constable Patron as ; he was buying a
ticket, for. TresPinos.:^-
THE SAN/ FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; DECEMBER : o, 1904:
NAN PATTERSON
AGAIN IN COURT
Three Jurors, Are Sworn In
as a Result of the
First Day's Examinations
NEW YORK, Dec. 5.— The second
trial of "Nan" Patterson, accused of
the murder of Caesar Young, a wealthy
bookmaker, In a cab on West Broadway
eIx months ago, commenced to-day in
the criminal branch of the Supreme
Court, and when adjournment 'was
taken for the day three Jurors had been
chosen. •-,'.•
Miss. Patterson, who has been ill with
tonsilitis, for. several days, appeared in
excellent spirits.* -Her* manner was very
vivacious, and the nervousness noticed
during the progress of the first trial
had entirely disappeared. .'; ;
After ; nine talesmen had been exam
ined and refused Justice Davis, who
will preside at the trial, intervened and
assumed the role of examiner. Miss
Patterson carefully considered the
capabilities of each talesman, and fre
quently suggested .Questions for her
counsel* to propound. She expressed a
desire that no old men be accepted.
The "men accepted were Thomas H.
Harmon, receiving .teller of a bank, who
will be foreman;. William J. Lee, a
manufacturer, ; and' -Thomas Farrell, a
merchant. More than 100 men were ex
amined during the '. day. The work ' of
selecting a jury will continue to-mor
row. '••..■'.' -' ' . . ' • :■'■ .'/.f ,
To Adopt Eight-Hour Day.
OURAY, Colo., Dec. 5. — Following
the lead of the Tellurlde operators, t it
Is announced that all the' milling
plants In the Ouray district will -adopt
an eight-hour. basis by January,!. The
local mine managers are now making
arrangements ■ preparatory to the
change. , .
Bruiser's Victim in Hospital.
SAN RAFAEL,. Dec. 5.—Quarter
master Taylor of the revenue ". cutter
Bear, who -was -beaten by Frank Mc-
Grath. an ex-pugilist, at Sausalito
last night, was removed to-day to the
Marine Hospital. His condition is
•serious. ' ;■• - '
Christmas ''Leather Goods.
■ No; charge ; for lettering your name in
gold on pocketbooks. card cases, cameras.*
wrist bags,' traveling sets," trunks, valises
and 'dress, suit, cases *pr. any .other, fine
leather; goods- purchased" at 'our ' store'
Sanborn. Vail" &:Co^'74 1 • Market street. •
BELITTLE CASE
OF GOVERNMENT
Attorneys for the Defense
in Oregon Land Frauds
Talk in Behalf of Clients
PORTLAND, Dec. 5.— The argument
of counsel for the defense in the land
fraud cases commenced to-day, Law
rence F. Puter of Eureka, Cal., brother
of one of the defendants, being the
first speaker to address the court and
Jury on behalf of the persons accused
by the Federal Government of a con
spiracy to defraud the United States
out of public lands. The speaker held
that JLhe' Government had failed to
make out its case against the prisoners,
and attacked the testimony of the
Government's principal witnesses, Mon
tague and Heidecke, as being unworthy
of belief. • -,..•■■
Counsel claimed that the principals in
the defense were innocent purchasers
of the lands and not responsible for de
ceptions practiced upon them, and that
the persons whom the Government
claims are fictitious are living human
beings, who actually went upon the
lands in question.
Judge O'Day ridiculed the testimony
of the defense' and belittled the wit
nesses. His argument was' exhaustive
in detail and covered the history of the
case from Its inception. When Judge
O'Day concluded the . court adjourned
until to-morrow. T It ■ will take another
day to finish the trial. Special prose
cutor Heney will occupy the forenoon
with argument and possibly lap over
into the afternoon. Following this will
•come the charge to the jury by Judge
Bellinger. It is thought that the delib
erations of the Jury will be brief..
YOUXG PUTNEY DISCHARGED
FROM UNITED STATES ARMY
Wealthy Southerner Dismissed With
out Honor for Enlisting Under -
False Pretenses.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5. — The War
Department has directed that Recruit
Stephen Putney Jr. of the general
service, Jefferson Barracks. Missouri,
be discharged without honor from the
army on the ; ground ' that he enlisted
under false 'pretenses. Putney Is a
young Virginian, who recently got
into trouble in St. Louis, resulting In
-the loss of all his money.
One of the stories was that he had
been i ' kidnaped . and robbed of some
valuable family jewelry, and that ' he
enlisted in the army while suffering
from \ the ■ effects of a' drug given him
! by the kidnapers. ; Putney is the son
of a wealthy Southern family.
Colorado Man Injured in France.
DENVER, Dec, 5.— B. G. Stoiber of
this city, who was Injured in.an auto
mobile accident h'ear'PauU France, is
a wealthy mine' owner. In 1901 ; Mr.
and: Mrs. Stoiber- sold their Silver
Lake ■ mines in the San ■• Juan = country
to : the American Smelting 'and Refln
ine ComDany for $2,000,000 net. '
BEBEL AGAIN
IT HIS CONS
German Socialist Throws
; Shot Into the Government
Camp for Growth of Debt
BERLIN, Dec. 5.— Herr Bebel. the
Socialist leader and the keenest .critic
of the Government at all times, ana-,
lyzed the budget in the Reichstag to
day. Secretary of the Treasury von
Stengel, he said, had sketched on Sat
urday the deplorable financial situation
of the empire in terms so true that he
regretted the French custom could not
be followed and the speech be posted
throughout the country as a minister
ial declaration of the position into
which the country, had been drawn by
the Government's policies', the national
debt having increased $100,000,000 dur
ing the year.
Why, then, he asked, should the
army be increased? Why should the
naval programme be continued? Why
should immense sums be sunk in the
colonies? Why should these and other
policies that together formed the so
called "world policy" be ! carried for
ward on an enlarged scale when the
country was thereby being brought Into
the most serious I financial embarrass
ment?, If the "world policy" is essen
tial to Germany, as pursued in former
years, why expand that policy by loans
that mortgaged the empire's future and
laid permanent burdens upon the In
dustrial activities of the country?
Herr Bebel, who spoke for about
three hours, discussed the 1 details of
the appropriations, deducing there
from that on works of general public
utility the Government was parsimo
nious, while on "glory policies" it was
generous at the cost of going into debt.
Chancellor von Bulow, who had for
SHREVE & COMPANY
POST AND MARKET STS.
BEAUTIFUL AND MO DERATE - PRICED
. CHRISTMAS GIFTS. A LARGER COL-
LECTION AND A GREATER VARIETY
' THAN' EV ER
BBBBBBBBBBBBBBBBB^iffi^nS^¥^^£^^»J '• '
THE STORE WILL BE OPEN EVENINGS FROM
.DECEMBER -TENTH TO TWENTY - FO VUTH
ALLOWED FRAUD
AT THE POLLS
Four Persons Convicted by
Colorado Court and Will
Be Sent to Penitentiary
WINKED AT KEPEATIXG
Others Are on Trial for
Corrupt Work in the Late
Election in That State
DENVER, Dec. 5.— Frank J. Kratke.
the city license inspector; Joseph Ray,
Edward O'Malia and Charles Kofsky
were to-day adjudged guilty of con
tempt by the State Supreme Court and
were sentenced to Jail. The sentences
are as follows: Kratke, one year im
prisonment and $1000 fine and costs;
Ray and O'Malia, six months* Impris
onment and $500 fine and costs each;
Kofsky, three months" imprisonment
and $250 fine and costs.
These men were officials in the re
cent election and were accused of dis
regarding the court's lnjunctive order.
The principal charge against them was
that they permitted repeating. Carl
Wilson, election clerk in the same pre
cinct, was found not guilty of contempt.
Arguments were heard this afternoon
on the contempt charges made against
six other election officials. Experts
George H. King and M. M. Hamma
submitted reports differing In detail,
but practically agreeing that sixty-one
Democratic ballots were written by
fc-urteen persons and seventeen Repub
lican ballots by six persons. The ad
ditional charge was filed against the
accused that they stuffed the ballot
box. No evidence was offered in their
defense, but their attorney, John Q.
Taylor, declared in his argument that
the Supreme Court watchers were
equally as guilty as his clients.
District Judge John I. Mullins Im
paneled a Grand Jury In the Criminal
Court to-day and will to-morrow de
liver his instructions to them in re
gard to investigating election frauds.
Judge Mullins questioned the jurors
particularly with reference to their
connection with corporations or bank
ing Institutions and from this it is in
ferred that he will instruct them to
make special inquiry concerning large
campaign contributions and the uses to
which they were put.
Before United States Commissioner
Capron to-day was begun the hearing
of the second lot of officials charged
with conspiracy to intimidate voters.
The defendants are: Max and William
Schradsky, Max Sissack, Sam Slatkin
and Sadie Pleusner, Democratic work
ers and officials. The complaining wit
ness, Rose Snyder, a Republican pre
cinct committee woman, testified that
she made attempts to vote during the
forenoon, but each time she was pre
vented.
Other 'witnesses testified to the
same facts, one adding: that a woman
worker was so badly beaten by men,
who were handling the Democratic
end of the precinct work, that she
was unable to leave her bed for a
week following. The trend of the tes
timony was that Schradsky ran af
fairs at this polling-place with a high
hand.
Girl Takes Strychnine.
SAX LUIS OBISPO. Dec. 5. — Mary
Cordero, a young woman from Ven
tura, committed suicide at the Grutli
Hotel, in this city, yesterday after
noon by swallowing ten grains of
strychnine. The deed was witnessed ;
by Antonio Pena, and doctors were :
hastily summoned, but the young
woman resisted treatment and died in
half an hour.
PROFESSOR STEPHENS LECTURES —
Professor H. Morse Stephens of the University
of California delivered the fifth of a series of
lectures last night at the Mechanics' Pavilion.
The subject of the talk was "France, the
First Wars of the Empire."
Cleanse the stomach and restore and
tone it up by using Lash's Bitters. *C
the most part sat impassive through
out the speech, though he did now and
then' bite his finger tips restlessly or
nervously smooth his hair, replied to S
Bebel. j
The Chancellor agreed with Hexr Be- ,
•bel in the statement that if a great ■
European war breaks out the socialists
will profit thereby, adding:
"There is further reason why the
Governments of all the great powers j
are maintaining their present peace '
policy." '
Referring to Herr Bebel's description ;
of the internal conditions of Russia, ;
Count von Bulow remarked: I
"When Herr . Bebel thus warms up '
over Russian autocracy he condemns
himself without knowing it, for the !
manner in which he lords it over his '
own party corresponds with the Rus
sian conditions that so displease him.
The order of things he wants to intro
duce with us would lay Russian despo
tism in the shade."
Taking up the case, of the German
fishing vessel Sonntagi fired on by one
of the warships of the Russian Baltic
squadron, and other incidents. Chan
cellor von Bulow said the German
Government promptly took steps to get
satisfaction and all Justifiable demands
■were immediately met without diffi
culty.
Discussing the anti-German feeling
in Great Britain, Count von Bulow re
iterated that the purpose of the Ger
man navy extension was purely defen
sive. ;.'-■'.
■:■;'■; APVERTISEMEXT&
— - - -■- r-~ «...
j '••Yes," assented Golden
Gate, "I know you make
more profit on bulk
coffee, but don't you
realize that a satisfied
coffee customer will
I always buy other things
: from you?
"I dive satisfaction,
; draw trade and yield
you a fair profit. See
the point?"
i ■ ; ■
Nothlai iocs with GOLDEN CATS
COFFEE but satisfaction. So
j prises — no coupons — no crockery*
1 ««d 2 lb. arorao-tliiht tins.
Never sold la'bnlL. *
J. A. Folger (SL Co.
E«tabll«l»«d Half a Century
San Francisco
A fob GIPT3 in rars
y Diamonds — Watches
\ MONDAY. DSC. 5th.
C Special sale of sterling sil- 1 (
/ ver and gold-filled. adjustable
/ bracelet Watches, fullv cuar- , '
J anteed; regular price $io i
\ and $12; sale CC
J price 3KJ.OU \
i ROY'S '^ I^ ARNY ST - j |
1i^y-| 1 f*^f^- >> *>Ssrwirsi~s|^irf^iir^iir~(iTssf*> >
PERFECT
AN ELEGANT TOILET LUXURY
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century
PREPARED BV
OCEAN TRAVEL.
V ->^ Steamers leave Broadway
ytfvfjS-&WS. wharves ( fit rs 9 and Mi.
£f/^ San Francisco:
/aVTBB»*» \*l f' 0 *" Ketchlkan. Wrans^I.
I / VCvkH | I Juneau. Treadwell. Halne«.
1 I V^ste^Vr I Skaguay. «tc. Ala*Ka— 11
VA \T^vtsl ■• m - Dec - *• *■ u - i1 '
VXsJ" >W 2H. 31. Jan. 5. Chance to
\s2^rr^/ th!» company's steamers at
For Victoria. Vancouver. Port Townsend.
. Seattle. Tacoma. Everett. South Belllng-ham.
H»»llln(?ham — 11 a. m. Dec. 1. 8. 11. 18. 21. 29.
SI. Jan. &. Chance at Seattle to this com
paViy's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Hy. ; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ky. ; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ky.
For Kureka CHumboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:39
d m.. Dec. 12. IS. 2*. 30. Jan. S. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Dec. 3. ». 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Lo« Angeles and
Redondo). San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
State of California. Thursdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Aneeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro). Santa Barbara. Santa Crux. Mon-
terey, fan Ckjucra, P«^rt Harford (Saa
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. v a. m.. Dec. 1. v». 17. 2«. Jan. 2.
Coos Bay. 0 a. m.. Dec. 5. 13. 21. 23, Jan. 9.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose d*l
Cab», Mazatlan. Altata La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia, Guaymas (Mez.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
For further Information obtain folder. Right
is reserved to chance steamers or sailing; dates
TICXET OPPICX3 — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace Hotel). 10 Market st.,and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Offlce 10 Market «t.
C. D. DUN'ANN'. On»ral Passenger Agent.
10 Market «.. San Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co., 20 Sutter st.. will
rail for and check baxcaire from hotels and
residences. Teleshone Exchange 312.
. . AMESICAN LISG,
Plymouth — Cherbourtr — South amDtoa.
New York Dec. 171 St. Louts ....Dec 31
St. Paul Dec. 24) Philadelphia ..Jan T
ATLANTIC TBA2TSPORT XJ3TS.
New York — London Direct.
Manitou.Dec.17. 10 amlMinn»tonka.D«c.3l.l p
Menomlnee.De^24.10 a Mesafca. . Jan. 7. 10 am
. ESB STAS T,J3TB.
New Tork — Antwerp — London— Parts.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris.
Zeeland Dec. 17lVaderland Dec. 31
Kroonland Dec. 24 Zealand Jan." 14
WHITE STAS LUTE.
; Hew Tork — OneenBtown — Liverpool.
Majestic. Dec.21, 10 amlOdric.Jan. 4 4:.1O urn
Baltic. Dec. 2J». 10 amlTeutonle. . Jan. 11. 10 a
Boston — Oaeenstown— Iilveroooi.
I Cymric Dec- 21/Wlnifred!an Ja n 4
ITEW TOBZ AND BOSTON DTSECT
To the Mediterranean,
Via Azores. Oltsraltar. Naples. Qenoa.
Aleawndrla. *»■=«»».
FROM NETV\" TORK.
REPUBLIC Jar. U. Feh r»
CRETIC FK6MB6s T 6N b 4 : March ?.?
rCma^c-.v.v;.::.v;.v.v.v. uir* JsBS 1?
c - D - TA gj5kt p ya; vs?,,^ co *»-
occanics.s.co. sx& B :sr
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec 10 II »m
S S. VENTURA, for Honolulu Sa^.oa Auc™I
land and Sydney. Thursday. Dec « - D m
S 8. MARIPOSA. for Tahiti. Dec. it'll a" m!
J.D. !FEICKLSiBSOiCa.A£li,TlciBt 03:3513 IP
let Fttflt CSC8 327 MartSt SL, Pig 7, PasQ; j
COMPAGXIS e«5RlAL«T»A»SATiA<r;j;i
DIRECT LDIB TO HAVBJE-PARI3
Smiling every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. i£ fromPlSr 1&E&
42. North River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. |70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, f4S and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. 32 Broadway iHudson bui!d.a«j
New Tork. I J. Y; FUOAZI & CO.. Paclfle Coast
Agents. 3 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Ticket* »o!d by all r.ailroart T!ck«t Arents.
Por TJ. S. H»rjr Tard and Vallejo.
Etis. General Krisbie. Muntlcello aa<l Arrow.
9:45 a.m., 12:^0 p.m.. o:lS p.m.. a p.m., S:JO p^
m Leave San Francisco' Sundays 9:45 a. an..
12:30 p. m., 9 p.m.. S:3O p.m. Leave Vallejo, 7
a.m., 9 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., 6 p.m. Sun.
days. 7 a.m.. !> a.m.. 3:20 p.m.. 4 p.m. Pier 2.
tt Mission st. : phone Main 1508. HATCH BRO8.
. Por U. S. Navy Tard and Vallajo.
Stmr. H. J. CORCORAN leaves north end
Ferry bldg.. foot of Clayst.. 10 a-.m,. 5u»
.P.m.; Sundays. 10 a. m. 8 p. m. ■ u»v*
Vallejo.- Aden's wharf. 7:15 a. m., 2:30 p.
m. ; Sundays. 7:15 a. m.~, 5 p. m. Tare 28sj
I each way. riPER, ADEN. GOOOALZ* OQuDISTINGUISHED CITIZENS
CHAMPIONS OF PEACE
ASK SENATE TO RATIFY
ARBITRATION TREATIES
PASS RESOLUTIONS AT BIG MEETING
At Temple Emanu-E!, Suttcr street,
near Stockton, advocates of peace on
earth gathered last evening to lend
their moral support to the great move
ment that has been inaugurated by the
7'nited States for international arbi
tration. The meeting was called
by the Pacific Coast branch of the
American Conference on International
Arbitration, and the call was answered
by hundreds of California's most distin
guished citizens.
Some of the foremost thinkers of the
roast were chosen to expound for the
audience the humanitarian philosophy
upon which the American statesmen
are proceeding toward their goal, and
for two hours they held the undivided
attention of all. In the absence of
Governor Pardee, who is ill. Chief Jus
tice Beatty of the State Supreme Court
presided and introduced as speakers
United States Circuit Judge W. W.
Morrow; the Rev. Bradford Leavitt,
pastor of the First Unitarian Church;
Judge William M. Hunt of Montana,
exrGovernor of Porto Rico; the Rev.
C. R. Brown of Oakland, Franklin K.
I^ane. Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger, Attor
ney Sheldon G. Kellogg and Benjamin
Ide Wheeler, president of the Unlver-
DOAX'S PILJjS.
DON'T GOjT BLIND, .
There's h Heed to in San Francisco,
the Way Is Almost Hedged
With Guide-posts.
Have you ever read a newspaper
article — a glowing account of some
incident told j - ou in elusive words
to lead you on — and found it ended
up with a proprietary medicine ad-
vertisement? Annoyed you, didn't 1
it? And were you convinced of the I
merit of the article? We think not, I
because it told the experience of j
f orne stranger in a far-away town, j
To take his word for it was like
"going it blind." It's a very differ-
ent thing when a statement is pre-
sented from a citizen, from people
you know, and that's the case here. *
Joseph P. Jackson of 2 Rose avenue,
now retired, says: "Of all the reme-
dies I ever used for my back and
kidneys none took effect so promptly
or acteJ so thoroughly as Doan's
Kidney Pills. For years I had trou-
ble with my back, and latterly it
ached all the time. I dreaded to
stoop on account of the acute twinges
which shot across my loins when I
attempted to straighten, and many a
time I was compelled to place my
hands on the small of my back and
press them into my loins for the
.slight assistance that makeshift af-
forded. T>vo boxes of Doan's Kid-
ney Pills stopped the backache and
positively removed other symptoms
of sluggish or overexcited kidneys.
I am only too pleased to recommend
a preparation upon which the public
can rely." I
For saie by all dealers. Price 50c.
Foster-Milburn Co., Buffalo. N. Y.,
sole agents for the United States.
Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
A FATAL ERKOR.
A can steps into ycur office, craws up
his chair, iand talks right ir.to your face.
His breath is offensive. Your only thrught is
how to get rid of him and his business. You
cut him' short with, " I am not interested."
SOZODONT
is essential to one whose breath is not pure
and sweet. Penetrating the little crevices,
it deodorizes, sweetens and purifies them,
and makes you feel genteel and clean-cut.
1 FORMS . LIQUID. POWDER PASTE.
DISTINGUISHED JURIST WHO
SPOKE AT THE ARBITRATION
CONFERENCE. |
slty of California. The object of the
meeting was first explained by Judge
Morrow.
RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED.
The other speakers followed, and then
resolutions, introduced by Mr. Lane,
expressing the views of the meeting:,
were unanimously adopted. The resolu
tions follow: .
■Whereas, the Government of the United
States has sanctioned the principle of interna
tional arbitration by frequent resort to it In
Its controvereies with other nations and by
joining with the civilized world in the creation
of th* permanent court of arbitration at The
Ha<m*: and
Whereas, treaties have been and are soon to
be negotiated by the United States with sig
natory powers of The Hague conv«ntlon, by
which submission of certain classes of dis
putes to The Hague tribunal is made obliga
tor}' upon the contracting parties; therefore,
be it
Resolved, by the citizens of California in
general mass meeting assembled. That It Is cur
profound conviction that an appeal to arbitra
tion in all controversies which mar fall of
diplomatic adjustment is the only humane and
rational method of settlement for civilized na
t'.T.j; and that to this end we view with great
satisfaction any action which will extend that
principle and thus secure the benefits arising
from the constantly enlarging political and
commercial relations of the world; and b* It
further
Resolved. That we view with unqualified ap
proval the negotiation of treaties by the
United States with other powers, which make
obligatory a submission to Th* Hague tribunal
of controversies between them, and we ear
nestly appeal to the Senators from the State
of California to use their influence In securing
the prompt approval of such treaties by the
United Etates Senate; and be It further
Resolved, That copies of these resolutions be
forthwith forwarded to the President of the
United States, to, the Senators from the State
of California, to the president of th* United
States Senete and to the chairman of the Sen
ate Committee on Forelen Relations.
TO STIMULATE SEX ATE.
In stating the object of the meet
ing Judge Morrow said that It was
the desire of the American people to !
stimulate i the United Slates Senate to
immediate action in ratifying the arbi
tration treaties with various foreign
Governments that had been 'drafted
by Secretary Hay.
"The coming session of Congress is '
short," said Judge Morrow, "and we
do not want this great question to
stand in abeyance longer than is abso
lutely necessary. During the week
there will be meetings in many of the
large Eastern cities to urge that . im
mediate action be taken on tftese
treaties. Looking out as we do on the
sea that sweeps the Orient we should
have a voice in this question and we
are here to-night to do what we can
to aid the movement to secure last
ing peace among the peoples of the
earth."
The Rev. Mr. Leavitt said that the
condition for which the world had
hoped for and despaired of was at
last near at hand.' Five hundred years
before Christ, he continued, the He
brew philosophers thought the time
for the end of war had come, but to
day finds men fighting more bravely
! and more scientifically than ever be
fore in the history of man. A thing
that made the present war in the
Orient, he concluded, stand out' most
strikingly was that the Czar, led astray
by the wiles of wicked advisers, failed
to make use of the tribunal he him
self established at The Hague. Never
theless he said, when war is replaced
with peaceful but not less virile and
stimulating occupations, it will ' be
swept aside and" men will dwell In
everlasting peace.
WAR OUT OF DATE.
President Benjamin - Ide Wheeler
said that the movement undertaken
by the United States was certain of
great results, not only because war
was out of date and waskilling itself
off. but because the words of ; John
Hay. carried more weight than those
of any statesman in Europe and ' be
cause In . his i magnificent ,navy 4 Uncle
Sam had the -"big stick" . with ; which
to support' his theories; there. being no
better insurer of peace than prepared
ness for war.' I ' .
Judge ,:."■ Hunt " referred to the con-
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAY; DECEMBER 6, 1904.
"THE SENATOR"
A DEAD PLAY
Clever Company at Majestic
Does the Best It Can to
Put Life Into the Piece
SCENERY IS HANDSOME
Audience Shows Its Pleasure
at Meeting the Old Favorite
in the New Playhouse
"The Senator" lacks only a ragtime
setting and a cast containing Williams
and Walker really ' to amuse. The
Majestic company did their best with
the play last night, something on those
lines. It was the only thing to Ao.
They had revived the play, and seeing
it one wondered why. They seemed
rather to wonder themselves. But,
like the clever and conscientious folk
they are, they decided to make the best
of it.
As will be remembered by some, "The
Senator" is a play of American political
life and manners, that was used with
considerable success years ago by W.
H. Crane. Its hero is a brusque, ener
getic. Western politician, who sends
word to the President "to wait, as he
hasn't time to see him now," and gen
erally runs Washington in our happy
Western way. Its heroine is a nice lit
tle girl in a black frock, who, is teach
ing piano and cheering up grandpapa,
who has been living in hope for ninety
years or so of the recognition of a val
uable claim against the Government.
The Senator falls in love with the girl
and takes ud the - claim. A ' musical
comedy villain who wapts an embas
sadorship in Bolivia; another, an Aus
trian diplomat, who is" very, catholic—
and notably careless for a diplomat— in
his love affairs; the Secretary of State
— nothing small, you know; a widow of
marital inclinations, and a sort of Ber-
stant internecine strife in South Amer
ica and pointed to the great good in
ternational arbitration would do to
these small nations that periodically
bleed themselves to death in purpose
less wars. In conclusion he support
ed President Wheeler's "big stick"
theory and gave as his view that the
offensive and defensive strength of
this nation will greatly aid it in its
campaign for peace.
Rabbi Voorsanger drew a striking
picture of what he believed would be
the last war on earth — a war, per
haps, in which the United States and
England, side by side, may battle with
the powers of the world to compel
them to submit to the ways of peace
and to throw their destinies into the
hands of a tribunal that shall hence
forth deal out Justice to the weak as
well as the strong. In conclusion he
said that before this peace can come,
however, nations, as individuals,, must
first learn the secret of self-control
and when this is done even the courts
of arbitration will find but small em
ployment.
TERRIBLE COST OF WAR.
The Rev. Mr. Brown spoke on the
business view of war; told of its ter
rible cost in human lives and gold and
said that from any standpoint it did
not pay. A better way to settle dis
putes of the nations must be found, he
said, and in the idea of arbitration it
had been found and when agreed to by
all nations it would be to the honor
and glory of God and to the credit of
all His people.
The question of war once settled, said
Mr. Lane, the nations of the earth
could turn their attention to questions
more directly bearing upon the hap
piness of their people. It would mean
that time could be given to the prob
lem of the congested city and the de
serted farm, to the growing disrespect
for law and to the settling of the trou
bles that are arraying class against
class and that are threatening even the
stability of the institutions of this free
nation.
But he said he had no fear that these
problems would not be met before it
was too late. When they were met it
could be said that at last the world was
at peace and that .the justice of law
had forever displaced the right that
comes with the might of the sword.
THE VICE PRESIDENTS.
The following were vice presidents of
the meeting:
Professor Nathan Abbott, Stanford Unlver
rlty; Dr. T.iomas Addlson, Berkeley; Alden An
derson. Suleun; Dr. Fred Baker, San Diego;
E. S. Babcock. Coronado; A neon Blake. Berke
ley; Charles M. Belshaw, Antloch; Albert
Bonnhelm. Los Angeles; John K. Budd, Stock
ton: R. W. Bulla, Lob Angeles; Luther Bur
bank. Santa Rosa; Frederick Burk, San Fran
cJsco; A. G. Burnett. Santa Rosa; Samuel T.
Black. San Diego; John C. Branner, Stanford
University; A. C. Brigham. Marysville; B. K.
Baumgjart. Lo« Angeles; John A. Brltton, San
Francisco; E. C. Bailey, Lob Angeles; John T.
Doyle, Menlo Park; Jamea Denman, San Fran
cisco; H. S. Dlckson. Fresno; Guy C. Earl,
Oakland; Charles P. Eels, Ban Francisco; Dr
Charles X. EUInwood, San Francisco; Charles
N. Felton. Menlo Park; George K. ffltch. San
Francisco; Thomas Flint Jr., San Juan-
Charles Mills Oayley, Berkeley; Admiral
Henry Glass, Berkeley; U. S. Grant Jr , San
Diego; George- E. Gray. San Francisco; Dr.
Henry Gibbons. San Francisco; Judge E. C.
Ham. N'apa: \V. J. Hassett. San Francisco; I.
W. Hellman, San Francisco; John S. Hittell,
Ban Francisco; .Timothy Hopkins, Menlo Park
\V. W. Campbell. Lick Observatory; N. P.
Clilpman, San Francisco; N. P. Conrey Los
Angeles; E. V. Cowell,. Santa Cruz; Francis
Cutting. Oakland; President M. E. Dalley.San
Joae; Horace Davis, San Francisco; M H de
Ycung. San Francisco: William Kent. San
Rafael; Thomas J. Kirk, Sacramento: George
A. Knight," San Francisco: Samuel Leask,
Santa Cruz; S. F. Lelb, San Jose; P. N.
Lillenthal. San Francisco; Jack London. Oak
land; Alfred Holman. Sacramento: Josiah R
Hcwe!l, San Francisco; George H. Howison
Berkeley; G. W. Hunt, Eureka; Joseph Hutch
ir.son. Palo Alto; Rufus P. Jennings. , San
Francisco; Bishop Johnson, Los Angeles; Wil-
Man»-Car*>- Jones. Berkeley; Homer H. Peters!
Sa»f Diego; William C. Ralston. Melon*?, Cal •
William T. Reid. Belmont, Cal.; J. B. Reln
stein, San Francisco; Clarence Rowell. Fresno;
Dr. Chester Rowell. Fresno; B. F. Rush,
Sutsun. '
Charles F. Lummls, Los Angeles; James a.'
Maguire. San Francisco: J. M. Mannon, Uklah-
J. W. McKlnley. Los Angeles: Gavin, McNabI
San Francisco: Dr. Jesse F. MHUpaugh. Log
Angeles: Admiral Merrill Miller. Berkeley
Judge Mitchell. Lo« Angeles; Bernard More?
Berkeley; Adolph Mulr, Martinez; Dr. J. K.
McLean, Berkeley; Rev. George Montgomery!
San Francisco; Rev. W. ; H. Moreland, Sacra
mento; General Arthur MacArthur, ban Fran
cisco; J. Le Roy Nickel, San Mateo; A. B.
Nye. Sacramento; Fremont Older. San Fran
clbco;«Dr. E. A. Osborne, Santa Clara; Har
rison Gray Otis, Los Angeles; Frank Otis.
Aiameda: W.C. Patterson. Los Angeles;-An
drew Furuseth. San Francisco; P. H Mc-
Carthy. San Francisco: John Swett. Martinez;
Ell T. Shepard, San Francisco; 'John D
Spreckels, San Francisco; M. C. SIofh. San
Francisco; Mrs. Jane L. Stanford, Stanford
University; John M. Sttllman, Stanford Unl
vensity; J. E. Stubbs, University of Nevada.
.Reno; Seward Simons. Los. Angeles; O.- 8.' A
Spraguel. Pasadena; E. K. Taylor. Aiameda;
Rudolph J. Taussig. San : Francisco; v William
Thomas. San Francisco; C. C. Van Liew.
.Chico: R. H. F. Variel.. Los Angeles; .'j. p
Walton. Tuha City; Rolla \'. Watt. San Fran
■cleco; Roberi Watt, San Francisco; H. Weln
'stock, Sacramento; James A. Waymlre, - Ala
tneda; F. H. Wheelan. San Francisco; T.<T.
Williams, Ban Francisco; J. K. Wilson. San
Francisco; Dr. "Tjc Moyne. Wills, Los Angeles •
Judfre J. Q. White, Uklah ; ; Admiral Harold
Whiting. Berkeley; H. W. O'Mulveney, Lo*
Angeles. - : i^JSBSIlBB^wK^^S^i^^^^tiii
A : N ew -Art . Gallery. 1
We have, converted our,": picture, room
into a' beautiful 'gallery for,.the^exhibi
tion and sale- of moderate -priced i paint
ings, water colors. T pastels., etchings, and
fine photographs. Inspection . cordially,, in
vited. San born. Vail & Co.. 741 Market St.*
SEAMEN OF AMERICA CONVENE
NINTH ANNUAL : SESSION
Delegates From All Parts of Country
Are-Present at the Opening.
The Seamen's Union of America
opened : its ninth annual ' convention
yesterday morning. at. Eagles'. Hall, 731
Market street. Delegates from the At
lantic' States,- the Great Lakes and Pa
cific Coast were "present.'. '_. Many who
had -not arrived yesterday will be on
hand this morning.': V.
The convention was called to order at
10 'o'clock by President W.Penje of
Chicago. He got a cordial reception as
he ' took." the platform.*' He '. introduced
Walter Macarthur, editor of the Coast
Seamen's Journal, who made, the open
ing address and extended a sincere
welcome to the visiting delegates on
behalf of the local district.
The convention got its books and re
ports in order for the commencement
of' business. The;, committees were
named and the reports of the president,
treasurer and secretary were read. Re
ports of the organizing and. legislative
committees and also the reports of the
members of this organization who were
delegates to the recent convention of
the American Federation of Labor were
read and referred to the committees. A
report from the committee on rules rec
ommending that assistance be given
the licensed mates of the Great Lakes
in organizing a union was unanimously
adopted.
An open meeting under the auspices
of the Seamen's Union of America will
be held Saturday, evening at Sailors'
Union Hall, East and Mission streets.
The meeting is to give all* the seamen
in port a chance to meet the visiting
delegates and discuss the conditions of
their organization. ' Many prominent
tie the lamb lieutenant are among the
more important people.
It is comforting to think that to-mor
row will not depend upon "The Sena
tor" for a picture of American life. For
the play is already dead. It Is old
fashioned in the worst Bense of . the
word, with its asides, generally naive
construction, and prevailing air of un
reality. The politics are as convincing
as the financial flights of Kolb and DHL
The social habits of Washington, as
here exhibited, are even more brilliant
ly incredible. Then the fact that some
of the people are badly cast . does . not
conduce to illusion. Mr. Gould, much
be'tter fitted to the stuttering lieuten
ant's role, plays the Senator.- Mr. Gll
mour, j who should have been" playing
the Senator, is essaying the lieutenant
role. John.D. O'Hara again is a.con
vincing grandfather, and Robert Elliott
fairly good as the Austrian diplomat;
Harry Mestayer, George Woodward —
but why continue? -And to think of
these people in their admirable per
formance of "When We Were Twenty-
One!"
Miss Eleanor. Gordon appears as the
heroine,' and. ls : Blmple and engaging in
the part." Adele Block is cast as the
widow, and does her best with sumptu
ous gowns to blind one to the weakness
of the role,, and Elsie Esmond : figures
prettily as the ingenue. "But none of
the parts are played with full convic
tion, and there is no particular reason
to see "The Senator." The piece is very
handsomely staged, however, and the
audience seemed to get plenty of
amusement out of it.
BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Columbia.
The third and final week of Maxine
Elliott's engagement is now on at the
Columbia Theater, where her fine
production of "Her Own Way" has
been witnessed and enjoyed by some
very large houses. Seat sale for the
remaining five nights and Saturday
matinee is very large, and the de
lightful Clyde Fitch play will be
se«:n by great numbers up to and in
cluding Saturday night, when the
final presentation takes place. There
will be a matinee Saturday. Next
Sunday night comes "A Chinese
Honeymoon."
Alcazar.
The three-act comedy, "The Pro
fessor's Love Story." began the week
last, night at the Alcazar. .It was
presented by the clever company most
acceptably to a highly gratified au
dience. The fun' of the comedy
limps somewhat in the first act and
trcts along nimbly in the second, but
the pathos, the humanity and the hu
mor are climaxed together In . the
third, and the curtain falls to con
tinued applause. , Mr. Craig has no
easy role in that of the absent-minded
Professor . Goodwillie, and adroitly
keeps back from that dangerous line
where eccentricity develops 'into .the
ridiculous. Much dry Scotch humor
Is there in the Pete and Henders of
Harry " Hilliard and John B. Maher,
respectively, the hot and. cold suitors
for the hand , of Effle Proctor, • which
character, in dialect and action, was
well portrayed by Laura Adams.
Lillian Lawrence is the. heroine. Lucy
"White, and plays the part with her
usual fidelity and thoroughness.
Adele Belgarde and Elizabeth "Wood
son are cast in congenial roles, .and
share the applause with the heroine.
George Osbourne treats the audience
to a good bit of character In the part
of Dr. Cozens.
Central.
Race horses, jockeys, plenty of fun
and a well defined plot characterized
the excellent production of "The
Suburban" at the Central Theater last
night. This is the first time the great
melodrama has ever been seen in this
city .after having toured the , East for
several seasons. Ethel Clifton and Her
schel Mayall were as usual happily cast
and both were well received. .Mr..May
all is unconventional and does some of
his best work 'as -Donald. Gordon, th#
rich Scotchman's son. Henry. Schumer
gave' an exceptional fine performance
of a difficult Sir ■ Ralph Gordon. James
Corrigan was . hilariously : funny; as the
honest German. .Ernest Howell as the
malicious old servant was unpleasant
ly cast -but treated the part in -his fin
ished manner and scored ;a\ hit. The
other members of the company were
seen to advantage. \
: ,,The scenic effects are realistic' Prom
the swagger J gaming house in the first
act, to ? the : lime . kiln , and ; its thrilling
situations the; scenic [artists under,
Frank E. ; Cutler had an opportunity to
do clever .work sand ■"■ the chance l was
more than realized... The , great scene
shows ' the race : course . with its hun
dreds of spectators. ; ; .-•
The. Hart company of mystifiers made
their:- first at; ' the {Chutes
yesterday, and scored a great success at
I both performances.- Holmes and;Deane,
j "the ; little hussars," " offered v a • very * in-
Iteresting -'musical^ specialty^
I Leyy.^a'i sinslng > and!dancing l ( sbubrette,"
{; was i warmly-: applauded: ? 'i The! Clarence
' sisters,^: known 1 ! otherwise} as! the > "Aus-
leaders will discuss topics of interest to
the. seamen. A theater par.ty for the
delegates has . been arranged for Wed
nesday evening. No programme for the
entertainment of the visitors has as yet
been planned. The convention will
meet again this -morning.
1 The following delegates were present.
Edward Andersen. Hans Goranson, Lawrenze
Corbett. Andrew Brandt. Peter S. Gade and
J. S. Hylen. representing the Flshernvn's Pro
tective Union of the Pacific Coast and Alaska;
Frank McCarthy. George Williams and . Miles
F. Gaffney, representing the Bay and River
Steamboat- Men's Union of America.; John M.
Lyons, -C F. Harrington. .William Harden and
John . Keville, representing the Pacific Coast
Marine Firemen's Union: James Graham, rep
resenting the Marine Cooks' and Stewards' As
sociation: Georg* C. Banister. Archie Lori*.
Eugene Steldle. James West. D. W. Paul.
F. Seharrenberg. H. L. Petterson, Harry Ohl
sen, John W. Eriksen. Charles F. Hammarian.
William Thorbeck, William Gohl, Edward
Rosenberg, Andrew Furusuh and John Pear
son, representing the Sailors' Union; William
Penje, \V. H. Jenkins, L. Fltzpa trick and
George Hanson, representing the Lake Sea
m-en's Union; Daniel Sullivan, representing the
Atlantic Coast Marine Firemen's Union; David
English, representing the Marine Cooks' and
Stewards' Union of the Great Lakes; William
Frazier, representing the Atlantic Coast Sea
nven's Union. * .
The president appointed the follow
ing committees: :. • :.
Committee on rules — M. F. Gaffney. L. S.
'Fitzpatrlck and Eugene Steidle.
- Committee on r resolutions — C. J. Harrington.
William Gohl. H. Ohlson, J. N. Ericksen, H.
L. . Petterson, William Curry. L. Corbett.» M.
F. GafTney and Edward Andersen.
• % Committee on constitution^ — Edward Rosen
berg, Paul Scharrenberg. David English, George
Hansen. John Cavlll*. I. JC. Hylen. Eugene
Steidlfe. L. S. Fitzpatrlck and Peter S. Gade.
Committee on organization — D. L. Sullivan.
John Pearson, W. Harden. Frederick -HUlman,
Frank McCarthy. "P. C. Banister, William
■niorb-jck, Peter S. Gade and Wililajn Peni*.
Committee on legislation — A. Furuseth. W.
■II.- Jenkins, J. M. Lyons. Andrew Brandt.
George Williams. Archie Lonr. C. F. Ham
merln Hans Sorensen and James Graham.
trail an nuggets"; Ranee Smith, "the
man who gets up steam"; Mabel Lam
son, the popular singer of illustrated
songs, and , the American biograph,
showing 'many novelties in .moving pic
tures, completed a capital programme.
On Thursday night, after the regular
performance, the amateurs will appear
in many novel living pictures. The
Prismatic Electric Fountain will like
wise give an excellent display.
The Managers' Benefit.
Seats will go on sale at the box of
fice of the Orpheum this morning- for
the sixth annual . benefit of . the Asso
ciated Theatrical Managers of San
Francisco in aid' of their charity fund
for the sick and needy in the. profes
sion, -which will take place at the Or
pheum next 1 Friday afternoon at 1
o'clock sharp. .' The programme will
be a long and varied one and, from
present. indications, the house will be
packed: ..
Semi-Annual Millinery Sale.
Miss J. E. Connor beys to announce to the
ladies of San Francisco that she will otter her
entire stock of imported hats at .greatly .re
duced ratra: $25 hats, $15; $15 hats. $10; S10
hats, $5. Sale bee-Inning Monday, 9 a. m., and
following days. .138 Geary »t. - ; •
Army and Navy Orders.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5. — By orders
of the. War Department Captain Daniel
J. Carr of the Signal Corps is relieved
from duty at < Fort Meyer, Virginia, to
take effect as soon after January 1.
1905, as his services can be spared,
and will: proceed to Benicia Barracks,
Cal., and assume command of Com
pany L of the Signal Corps. Ser
geant Garret O'Reilly is relieved from
further duty at the office of the pur
chaser of the commissary at San Fran
cisco and will be sent to Fort Brown,
Tex., for duty. Under Instructions
from the President, First Lieutenant
George S. Richards Jr. of, the Twenty
third Infantry will report to Colonel
Charles Morris of the Artillery Corps,
president of the army retiring board at
San Francisco, at such time as he may
designate for, examination by the
board. "
Orders to naval officers: Naval Con
structor J. D. Beuret is detached from
the Bureau of Construction and Re
pair of the' Navy Department at Wash
ing to the navy yard at Puget Sound
for duty as head of the Department
of and Repair of that
yard. 'Surgeon W. M. Wheeler is de
tached from the Philadelphia, at the
Puget Sound navy yard, to his home
on sick leave of three months. Lieu
tenant Commander A. G. Rogers is
ordered to the Independence at the
navy yard at Mare Island, Cal., as
executive officer. Lieutenant Com
mander J. H. Glennon is detached
from the Independence at the navy
yard at Mare Island to the Bureau
of Ordnance of the Navy Department
at Washington.
' _-_ J&IFF^ C JP gfr " i
fn^^Sf^^ Tfc '• 1 hogany. VERNIS MARTIN CABINETS j
v^*^ /MaJht\ *T IvOClCGP-, — Parlor Rockers — In wood or upholstered. \ }J
n (MSB II *^ vrv '** w *• LEATHER ROCKERS— Black or Span- I H
I Iwraw/ // Solid oak gold- ish leather. WEATHERED OAK ROCK- U
I v WW I en fin«h. Saddle ERS AND CHAIRS. LIBRARY TABLES ! I
IV Vh*/ Jf-=k seat; banister — Weathered or golden oak. MAHOG- 1 .3
C2^*r\ JMS W^ back. Beautifully ANY PARLOR TABLES. SHAVING ,
TV a ma de and hi S hl y STANDS. CHIFFONIERS. DRESSBRS f
VA H^J^^M polished. An ar- —In all woods. CELLARETTES. CHAF- I I
m f |M ■ ■ (III tide that will ING DISH STANDS. PEDESTALS. TA- i
£i^d^^^2§ make a most ac- BOURETTES. MORRIS CHAIRS and
«^g=^g^g[Sif Vf ceotable gift. MORRIS ROCKERS. And hundreds of
7 1 ' \\ 1 ' m f\ || Price, other articles at tempting prices. |
w^^Wa q i 0 c ■ RUGS -
4f - j/(y » fa f^ fa 1^ We are s^^^C some very choice de- -
a^40^ Q/M 11/ /■ 1 \jKJ signs in Rugs. „ Sizes ranging from the little i
(/Z' *M /Hi J door mat to the full room size. There is j )
■.-■'ff^-.J. lJ^ : - '.'. : -'' vT "^ — "~~" ' I no^ng more acceptable than a Rug. It \
Useful articles are becoming more popu- I pleased to show the goods at any time. I
lar each year, and only give years of I Whether you purchase or not, vou art wtl- f
j satisfactory service, but they are a lasting I come.
I 'reminder of the donor. We are showing j CARPETS.
! j an immense 'selection of choice articles' at - J Our Carpet Department is replete with | t
lowest prices.' We offer a few suggestions: I new designs, ranging from the modest In- ' i
■ II . PARLOR CABINETS — Mahogany or grain to the Royal WUton. Don't fail to t t
I rgilt.; MUSIC CABINETS— In oak or ma- J investigate before purchasing. [
Valuable Holiday Suggestions
There Wiil B- "Something Doing" at Pragers This
Morning 8:30 Until Noon.
. Thereafter. until closing hour the usual shopping inducements
"Quality" Groceries and Liquors Are What Attract
Shoppers Here.
(Fourth Floor) -
A separate "and quick delivery service make* buying here a
convenience and a pleasure. A few of the bargain specials for this
week follow:
Groceries • Liquors
tncca OU— Crosse & Black- r 1 Port or Sherry— Extra; 7-year-
r. . S: . q . Ua .... e /.-. •.'.•.•. OIC old wines: worth $1.^0 £C
Pirkia ' Creamery* ' Buttir— 0% 1 gallon ; special O^C
Sold by the pound
« "v "_li — U""'^'*"A'^" Cognac — Choice; 6 years old;
Cranberries — New Cape Cod; ■* 0% -,ii«« »*> in. u~**i -,,
fancy stock; quart. ICC gallon 9— oO; bottle. .. HjJ^
Tea» — Choice new pickings; 5/
g»h i^ apa . n ; 30C Pragers Reliable Sour Mash
Bakin* Powder - Tower 5A Bourbon-Gallon. . Jg 05
brand: "your money-back SfJC *pLf\J%J
brand"; 1-lb. tin */ VW
Cherrlei — We have a few of that lot Whiskey — Old Crow: gnaran-
of 2500 left that sell regularly ».»H- v^rv n\A- r^tnifariv «- m
at 25c a tin; while they n/\ te^' vcrv °. I °« regularly $ 3 .oo .
last, lie a tin; 6 tins.. gallon; special ff^ QA
New Walnuti. Batei, FUrs, Mine* '
ciS^ tf S2rSL h M?nd'' « Century Cocktails-Manhattan,
™~ .. .?..:.; *?./.: \$Q Whiskey, etc.; bottle., oh
Suvio Gas Heaters 55c Holiday Fur Special
(Third Floor) (Second Floor)
There is nothing more appro-
, "T"^^"-!, priate as a holiday gift for women
,^|22|||12|52||^ or children than pretty furs. We
piccc o{ which is marked, at the
: -^feS^ Children's Fur Sets OSc,
rfffijg^ $1.75, $2.50, up to $4.05
This is one of the handiest things Cluster Scarfs— Of Belgian, Lynx,
made. It fits any gas Jet. does not Brook Mink, etc
smoke and gives no odor. It is - 08c 81.45 nnH 81 75
just the thing for heating bed- ' * >x **° an <* **•«*>
rooms these cold winter morn- Fine Isabella and Sable Fox
w£r. f'o't ,1c;".!?, .IS CCp Sc«f»-E*r» lone, .wi*bru,h
Men's Smoking Jackets Men's Bath Robes
(Main Floor) (Main Floor)
All-wool Golf Smoking Jackets, in They come in Eiderdown and
oxford, brown, blue and light Crash and are cut 6b inches
lo - n j,- an^ have h^ avy - cord
plaids and stripes on the cuffs. girdle, some are m. stripes;
collars and pockets; there are all others in fancy figured designs.
8lz /^L t £ e e 3 ual of .. thls Coat can " Regularly worth $5.00 and
•■■•■aftff? "F^ $3.89 i6 -.,^?!,?^ $3.98
Sec J Try a
jVjU ALWAYS RELIABLB m OUT
T °y s if MABKETsidONES STS Calc
t Third Floor. . " Fourth Floor.
SA»FRANXISCAX SEEKS
AND FINDS EXCITEMENT
Undue Hilarity. Lands Him In a Cell
In the Jersey City Police
•station.
BAYOXXE. N v J.. Dec. 5. — A
middle-aged man, who described him
self as Daniel Shay of San Francisco,
telephoned from 654 avenue D to
Guy's livery stable, a few blocks
away, for a horse and a light wagon.
Guy sent Conrad Wolfe with a rig
and when he drove up to Shay the
latter sprang into the wagon and with
a heavy blow sent Wolfe on his head
to the street. ...V
Then Shay drove down Avenue D
like mad. At Twenty-fourth street
he ran over and painfully Injured
George . O'Grady, a small boy, and
then turned Into the boulevard. The
police notified the Jersey City police,
and Mounted Policeman Robinson *"ot
the Ocean avenue station caught
Shay after a long chase In the snow.
Shay, who said he was looking for a
little excitement, was locked up, to be
turned over to the Bayonne authori
ties to-morrow.
Boys Killed While at Play.
SPOKANE, Dec. 5. — The bodies of
Percy Harris and Kenneth "Willis were
found under the logs in Lake Coeur
d'Alene at ' Camerons Quarry, Idaho,
to-day. The boys, who were about 8
years of age, were last seen about 4
o'clock Sunday. They had been play
ing about the logs.
PLAN ON FOOT TO FORM
?. BIG TELEPHONE TRUST
Proposed Corporation Will Involve a
Capital of Seven Hundred 3111
;"-. . lion Dollars.
CHICAGO. Dec. 5. — A scheme.
which Is the preliminary step to the
organization of a gigantic telephone
trust, which, when its alleged • pur
pose is accomplished, will involve a
capital estimated at $700,000,000 and
which will put out of existence all in
dependent telephone manufacturing
companies in the country, has come to
light in Chicago, with the announce
ment that a representative of an East
ern syndicate i& endeavoring to oh
tain options on all the independent
telephone factories in the city and
has obtained a few.
Similar option* are being sought
from all the independent telephone
manufacturing plants throughout th<»
country, with the object of forming: a
big combination of manufacturing
telephone interests on about the same
order as other large corporations,
such aB the United States Steel Cor
poration, in order to eliminate com
petition <ln this line.
W. J. Hllands of Chicago, who is
Bald to represent Eastern parties In
the movement, declared that the pro
posed combination had proceeded so
far that there was very little doubt
about Its consummation.
PARIS. Dec. 5. — The court ordered an In
vestigation of the charges brought by both
parties In the Kejane-Porel dlvorc« case.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
HEIRS FIGHT
OVER ESTATES
Mrs. Nelson Bump and Step
daughters Make Things
Generally Uncomfortable
TAKE FBOM EACH OTHER
Two-Year-Old Grandson of
Adeline 31. Sayle Wins
Out Against His Aunts
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway. Dec. 6.
Fuel was added to the flght between
the widow of the late Nelson Bump
and her four stepdaughters over the
property left by the real estate man,
when, through their attorneys, the lat
ter attempted this morning to have
the allowance of $125 a month
granted Mrs. Bump out of the estate
cut down to $20. While Judge Hall
reduced It to $100 a month, Mrs.
Bump succeeded in having the|rent of
property on Merritt Island, now un
der lease to H. S. Ivey. the husband of
one of the daughters, increased from
$2200 to $3000.
Bump married a second time late in
life and when he died left an estate,
valued at between $50,000 and
$75,000, almost entirely to his four
daughters, Mrs. Sarah A. Dean, Mre.
Lydia Thomas, Mrs. Ellen McFadden
and Mrs. Annie Ivey. The widow re
ceived a bequest of $2000 and a house,
valued at $2500. Acontest was Im
mediately begun by the widow, who
alleges that her late husband was in
fluenced by his daughters. Pending
the action she was granted an allow
ance from the estate.
By a ruling by Judge Ogden to
day in the estate of the late Adeline
M. Sayle Mrs. Helen E. Pearce and
Mrs. Luelen T. Gardner may only in
herit the interest from a $6000 estate
left by deceased, while the principal
must go to the testatrix's grandson,
Gutherie Courvoisier. a child 2 years
cf age. The will contained a trust
clause providing that the trustee,' in
his discretion, might give the benefi
ciaries the income or convey the prop
erty to them entirely. The grandson
was made the residuary legatee in case
sny of the property remained after the
death of the legatee.
Judge Ogden held that the trust
part of the will giving the trustee the
right to deed the property came un
der the rule in the Fair will case and
was invalid. Thft leaves the will
stand, so far as the interest for life
gees, but gives the principal to the
grandson at the death of his aunts.
HEAR PROTESTS AGAINST
PROPOSED HOSPITAL SITE
Oakland Cits- Council Refers Question,
of Tidal Canal Ground to At
torney (or Opinion.
OAKLAND. Dec. 5. — The City
Council to-night heard protests from
residents and property owners of
Fruitvale Sanitary District No. 2
against the location of the City Hos
pital for contagious diseases on the
block near the tidal canal, which was
deeded to the city by the Realty Syn
dicate. A. L. Cohen, J. H. Richard
son. J. H. W. Riley and E.' H. Marwe-
del made speeches in support of the
protost. The opposition to the site
based arguments in part upon the le
gal question whether the city had the
right to locate the hospital in a sani
tary district against the protest of res
idents or taxpayers. The question was
referred to City Attorney McElroy for
an opinion.
Funeral of Joseph McAvoy
OAKLAND, Dec. 5. — The funeral of
Joseph C. McAvoy was held to-day
from his late residence, S5ZM Frank
lin street. After the service at the
home the remains were removed to
the church of the Immaculate Con
ception, where funeral services were
conducted by the Rev. Father King.
The remains were interred in St.
Mary's Cemetery, where a short ser
vice was conducted at the grave by
the Rev. Father Cranwell. .. The hon
orary pallbearers were J. E. Hender
son, * N. W. Leitch, James P. Taylor.
James McManus and C. Miller of Oak
land, H. Wever of Alameda, F. W.
Durgin and Mr. Jamieson of Berke
ley and Robert Morgan of San Lean-,
dro.
Accuser Insane. Thief Escapes,
OAKLAND. Dec. 5. — Arthur Sheets,
charged with stealing a bicycle, es
caped prosecution to-day in the Po
lice Court because his accuser, R. C.
Emery, is an inmate of the State Hos
pital for the Insane at Stockton and is
therefore incompetent to testify. It
was while Emery was on parole that
he lost the wheel which he declared
Sheets had stolen. Before the case
came to examination Emery was re
turned to the hospital. In view of
the facts Sheets was discharged from
custody.
ADVE^TIS£ai£yrs.
FOR TWENTY YEARS.
Not an Unusual Instance.
"I used Pyramid Pile Cure and have ,
not had any trouble since. I have been
a sufferer with piles for twenty years.
I think it is the best remedy on earth
for piles. Hoping this may help
others /to use this remedy." Mrs. J.
D. Teller. R. F. D. 20, Sparta, Mich.:
It is a singular fact that although
many women suffer from piles, or
hemorrhoids, they frequently do not
have proper treatment because of a
delicacy women have in mentioning
such a subject. Especially is this the
case with those who have no hus-
band or brother in whom they can
eonflde; and a physician is seldom
consulted until the pain and agony in-
cident to piles become unbearable.
Thousands of women have suffered
even longer than did Mrs. Teller, al-
ways^experiencing slight or temporary
relief, if any, from the various reme-
dies used and finally settling down to
the conviction that a cure in their
cases was impossible.-. Pyramid Pile
Cure has come as a boon to all such,
as it seldom. If ever, 'fails to effect a
permanent cure. It Is sold by drug-
gists for 50 cents a package, or will
be mailed by the makers to any ' ad-
dress upon receipt of price. Absolute
secrecy is guaranteed and no name is
ever used without the consent of the
writer.
It is suggested that those interested
write to Pyramid Drug. Co., -Marshall,'
Mich., for their little book describing
the causes and cure of piles, as it is
cent free for the asking.-'"
GIVES UP LIFE
FOR ONE DUCK
Hunter Brendon Clark Dies
From Exposure in "Blind"
at Mount Eden Preserves
INQUEST SHOWS FACTS
Coroner Finds That Chill
and Dampness Brought on
Suddenly Fatal Illness
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 6.
Brendon Clark, the San Francisco
theatrical man, whose body was found
at the West End Club's preserves, near
Mount Eden, Friday by his hunting
companion, Frank W. Treat, lost his
life for one duck. Exposure that
caused congestion of the lungs and
paralysis of the heart ended the young
man's existence. For nine hours ' he
had kept vigil on the duck ponds. The
chilly air and dampness affected his
lungs. '
Such were the facts disclosed to-day
at the Inquest, held at Hay wards by
Coroner Mehrmann. Dr. O. G. Rey
nolds gave testimony concerning
Clark's physical condition, which ex
plained and cleared the mystery that
had surrounded the death.
Treat told how Clark and himself
had begun their hunt at 6 o'clock Fri
day morning. A few hours later they
met again for breakfast and after that
separated until S o'clock. Treat went
to Clark's "blind" to rejoin him, but
fcund his friend's body in the water.
He dragged the corpse out, but could
not imagine what had caused death.
Clark had stayed at his post anxious
to make a killing and had caught the
severe chill. His bag consisted of only
the one duck that Was found in his
"blind."
The Coroner's Jury returned a ver
dict in accordance with the evidence.
OAKLAND NEWS.
SUSPECTED OF FORGERY.— Oakland. Dec.
a.— Henry D. Morris, who offered a check for
J25, sie-n-d "Harry Gordon." To Mctrner &
Smith. Washington street merchants, has been
arrested under suspicion of forgery.
IS DENIED A LICENSED— Oakland. Dec. 5.
A Ion* fltrht over a liquor license for Satro
Park, presented by Colonel Frank Lynch of
Fruitvale. was ended to-day by -the denial of
the petition by the Board of Supervisors.
OLD RESIDENT DEAD.— Oakland. Dee. 6.—
William Peru, an old resident of Oakland, died
to-day at his home. CVi Forty-eighth street.
He leaves two sons. Fred B. and William Peru,
both of whom reside at the family home.
ENGINEERS DEPAKT.— Oakland, Dec. 5.—
City Engineer F. C. Turner, A. M. Hunt and
J. M. Howells, the board of engineers organ
ized to Inspect tb* Bay Cities Water Company's
properties, departed to-day. They expect to be
absent all week. ' .• ■
BOX ACCUSES FATHER.— Oakland. . Dec.
5 —Martin O'Cor.nell of C»3 Twenty-flfth street
wa» arrested this morning on complaint' of
Eujjene A. O'Conn^ll, his eon. who charged
his father with abusing and Insulting Mrs.
O'Connor, the mother. •• . .
SUES KIGRO ESTATE— Oakland D*c. 5.+-
Sult to rtoover $7450, alleged to have been
loaned to Fabrizlo Xtgro durlngr his lifetime,
was begun against his estate to-day by R. de
Pagt>, who presented a promissory note. for this
amount dated a year ago. which has been re
jected by the executrices. i'* -.*•'".■' \
PENALIZES APPELLANTS. — Oakland, Dec.
6. — For making a- frivolous appeal, the Supreme
Court, in a remittuter received here to-day,
orders Flti B. Kelsey, L. D. Manning and W.
Btl!es to pay $100 damages to the Home Se
curity Building and Loan Association in ad
dition to the judgment rendered agalnat them.
MAY BE K1XIRTS "DOUBLE."—Oak
land, De.-r. 5. — William Heldlorn. 511 South
Plate street, Chicago, has written to Chief of
Police Hodgklns that he has David Kiniry,
th»- alleged slayer of Polio?man James H.
8mlth, shadowed In the Windy City. Hodp
kins has replied lhat Kiniry is in the Oakland
City Prison.
BROKEN CASTING STOPS TRAFFIC.—
Oakland. Dec. 5. — Through the breaking of a
rastlnjr on the Webster street bridg* this morn-
Ins, which made Jt impossible to close the
draw, traffic on Webster street was delayed
from 10:30 a- m. until 1 o'clock this after
noon. Cars will not be allowed to cross the
bridge for several days. . • ■ •
ALTERS HIS PL.KA.— Oakland. Dec. 5.—.
Matthew Gates, colored, charged with perjury
In having sworn wrongly to the age of Helena
Alexander In order to secure a marriage li
cense, changed hl» plea of "not guilty" to
"ftullty"' to-day. Time for sentence wag con
tinued in order to allow his attorney time to
adduce testimony showing extenuating circum
stances.
RUNAWAY BOY ARRESTED. — Berkeley.
Dec. S. — The mysterious disappearance of Har
vey Hart, a^hirteen-year-old eon of Mr. and
Mrs. Clarence Hart of 3051 Hillegass avenue,
has been solved by the polio* of I>3S Banos.
The authorities there discovered Hart after he
had been mUsins 'from Berkeley for thre*
weeks. He was taken into custody at Los
Banos last Saturday night. . -
MARRIAGE LJCEXSES.— Oakland, Dec. 5.
The following marriagre Hoenses were Issued by
tb; County Clerk to-day: John M. Feeney,
over 21. WabUEca, Xev., and Mamie Stewart,
over 18. Berkeley; George L.. Brown, 4.". San
Francli«co. and Catherine Rosa, 35, Fort Bragg;
Herman R. LaufTerm, 24, and Ellen E. Roach,
22. both of Berkeley; Arthur J. St. Clalr, 25,
and Lottie B. Allen, 18. both of Llvertnore;
Frank Carter. 25, and Pearl Myer, 18, both
of San Francisco.
Wives Win Divorce,
OAKLAND, Dec. 5. — A' decree of
divorce from Frank H. Miller on the
ground of desertion was granted Ida
Miller to-day. She will resume her
maiden name of Ida London. An in
terlocutory decree of divorce was
granted Annie C. Hooser from John
W. Hooser on the ground of wruelty.
She will resume the name of Annie G.
Bogert and was given the saloon
known as the Oberon at 518 Seventh
6treet and the furniture in their home
at 809 Grove ' street. Suit -for divorce
was begun to-day by Esther A. Mil
ler against William B. Miller on the
ground of desertion. He left her in
1896. ;"•:; •■;;:.•
Finds Mysterious I<etter.
OAKLAND, Dec. 6.— While hunting
on Grizzly Peak yesterday, John H.
Burton, who lives at 521 Thirteenth
street, found the .following: note,
which .he turned over to the police to
day: "I am about to commit suicide
and beg to tell you that I leave noth
ing. v MALOXEY." Xo one named
Maloney has been reported missing to
the Oakland police.
Russian Warships in Peril.
BREST, France. ■ Dec. 6.— The Rus
sian torpedo-boat destroyer Prouze
telny, which sailed for Tangier and
put into Camaret Bay yesterday even*
ing, through stress of weather, is in
a dangerous position, owing to the con
tinuance of the, gale. The Vessel this
morning- attempted to change her
berth, but was unable. to raise her an
chor. Her'commander. has telegraphed
to Brest "for assistance.-
Made Government's Fiscal A«ent.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 5.— The inter
national Banking Corporation of New
York, of which. General Thomas.Hub
bard is president, has been designated
by. President Roosevelt as fiscal agent
of.^ the .United. States In the republic
of Panamal - "
. i WASHINGTON. ■ Dec/. 5.— John a: Herri tt of
New— Tork •_ w« 4 re&ppointed - to-day by the
Free idem as ' postmaster of this city.
THE SAN FRANCISCO '; CALL. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1904.
GOLDEN JUBILEE CELEBRATED
First Baptist Church of
itOakland Keeps Anniversary
BANQUET BY MEN'S LEAGUE
OAKLAND. Dec. 15.— The Roger Wil
liams League of the First Baptist
Church celebrated the golden anniver
sary of the organization of the church
•with a banquet and reunion, held this
evening in the parlors of . the new
church building, at Telegraph avenue
and Twenty-first street. The principal
address of the evening was delivered by
Professor H. W. Rolfe>of Stanford-Uni
versity. It -was expected that Presi
dent David Starr Jordan of Stanford
would attend the banquet, but owing
to illness he was unable to be present.
In his place came Professor Rolfe, who
spoke on "Robert Louis Stevenson."
After discussing the life and work of
Stevenson at some length Professor
Rolfe said:
Stevenson was not only one of the most
perfect writers of prose In the nineteenth cen
tury, as well as an ardent champion of youth
and childhood and a sympathetic interpreter
of .their Joys, tut he was also one of the
soundest, truest men of hla time. He has been
not only a purveyor of the best and most re
fined pleasure for us all, but a constant and
inspiring example of cheerfulness, persistence
and courage as. -well. This spirit is summed
up for us in the ■ lines from his hand, which
are Inscribed -upon his tomb on the mountain
top' ahove Apia: . -
"Under the wide and starry sky
Dig the crave and let me He;
Glad did I live and gladly die. "
And I laid me down .with a will.
This be the veree you grave for me:
Her* he lies where he longed to.be;
DOCTOR MEETS HIS DEATH
WHILE ANSWERING CALL
Physician Falls into Hole After Class
ing River and Is Drowned by
Rising Tide.
ROSEBURG, Ore., Dec. 5.— Dr. R. H.
Barber of Gardiner, who was called
upon last night to attend a patient
twenty miles distant, met with a tragic
fate. In response to {he summons Dr.
Barber was obliged to, cross Ten- Mile-
Creek and the SiuslW River. It was
pitch dark and Dr. Barber did not
know that his horse had carried him
over Ten-Mile.
Arriving at the Siuslaw, he rode in,
the horse carrying him across one mile
of swift running deep water. Emerg
ing on the other side, the doctor was
almost frozen, the night being a frigid
one. Dazed and stiff the doctor dis
mounted and started to walk. He fell
into a hole, striking on some rocks at
the bottom, where he lay stunned until
the rising river drowned him and.car
ried the body away. . The remains "were
recovered to-day. ■ ■ ■ I
ALASKA DEMANDS SAME
' ,... : ' TREATMENT AS ISLANDS
Northern. Country Wants Government
to Extend Aid in the Mat- ,
- ter of Railroads. .. -. ••
SEATTLE. Dec. 5.— -Alaska opera
tors resident in Seattle and others in-,
terested in the development of that
country say they will urge upon Con
gress to extend, governmental aid or
subsidy in the matter of railroad,con
struction in the Territory, insisting
that a rider to this effect be placed
upon the bill passed by the last House
guaranteeing 5 per cent income. upon
the money invested in such enterprises
in the Philippines, and which is com
ing up as unfinished business in the
Senate.
It is claimed that the United States
is in duty bound to do at least as
much if not more In the matter of de
velopment for Alaska, which is Amer
ican soil, as for her Far Eastern island
possessions. , /
Califurnians In New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 6. — The follow
ing Californlans arrived In New York
to-day:
From San Francisco— C. A. Ferrin,
at the Herald Square; D. E. Francis,
at the Hotel Gerard; F. D. Frost and
wife, at the Murray Hill; C. F. Shar
rocks, at the Hotel Astor; H. Down
ing, at the Bartholomew; G. Eisen,
at the Hoffman . House; , B. F.
Fleischer and wife, at the Hotel As
tor; M. Gale, at the Hotel Victoria; L.
A. Gunnison, at the St. Denis; B. Hay
den, at the Hotel Astor; J.' S. Houx
and wife and J. S. Howell, at the Ho
tel Imperial; J. Irvln, at the Murray
Hill; Miss R. Jacobs, at the Broad
way Central; Mrs. Kimball, at the
Fifth Avenue; Miss N. JJ. ' O'Lough
len, at the Broadway Central; Mrs.
G. A. Matern, at the Hoffman; Mrs.
H. Newhoff. at the Ashland; .Mrs.
Robinson, at the Park Avenue; V.
Schelling, at the Herald Square; Miss
K. Shiero, at the Holland; J.-E.
Woods, at the Hotel York.
From San Jose — C. A. Llmberg, at
the Bartholemew.
From Santa Clara — L. M. Kimber
lin, at the Astor. ..
From Los Angeles — F. H. Probert,
at the Broadway Central; W. B.
Troy, at the Hotel Astor; Mrs.;Grif
fith, at the Park Avenue: A. C. Ken
nedy and wife, at the Hotel Astor.
AGGRESSIVE FIGHT BEING
MADE AGAINST THE TICK
St«x;kmen Meet in, the South and Dis
cuss Pest With the 1 State
, . . Veterinarian.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Dec. 5.— An im
portant'stockmen's meeting was held
in this city, at which State Veterinar
iaii Charles Keane and w County Vet
erinarian Falkner were . present. Dr.
Keane agreed that the western . half
of this county, which is under quaran
tine on account. of the Texas tick pest,
may be divided into districts : by a
county ordinance for the , purpose of
aggressively fighting the pest. >; .•','■:< .c*:
As fast as any district; is cleared of
the tick it .will be removed from quar
antine * restrictions. . Santa Barbara
County is likewise aggressively , fight
ing the tick and Dr. Keane has gone
to Santa Barbara to. attend a meeting
of the. stockmen there.
Cabmen Not to Strike.
. NEW, YORK, Dec. 5.— Eight hun
dred members ' of the "local -Cab
Drivers' Union, known as the Liberty
Dawn Association,; have; voted: not to
strike,', but to accept' an offer : of $ 2 a
day and : one ' day \ off in twelve. The
men had demanded $2 25 a day and
one night off. in six. • V
New Professor at Stanford.'
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, ; Dec. . 5:
ProfesBor Harris ' J.^ Ryan of Cornell
University" has j been' apppinted head of
the i engrlneering fdepartment
of Stanford University ,. by, the, board r of
trustees and will begin work here next
September.'
Home 1b the sailor, home from eea,
And the hunter home from the hill."
."And I laid me down with a will." That
is the beM line of them all. It embodies for
u« the bent lesnon of Stevenson's life.
The other speakers, who with' Pro
fessor Rolfe were introduced, by the
Rev. H. J. Vosburgh, pastor of the
church, were the Rev. Dr. C. M. Hill,
D. D., . president of the Pacific . Coast
Baptist Theological Seminary, and the
Rev. H. L». Boardman, pastor of the
Tenth-avenue Baptist Church of East
Oakland.
Early in the evening the pastor an
nounced that the present debt of the
church was about $20,000. He said the
trustees had evolved a plan for the
raisins of this amount by the issuance
of bonds of $75 each, to be redeemed at
a rate of $3 a month, with interest. This
plan will be discussed later. -
, During the evening musical selections
were rendered by Miss Corinne Reagh,
Scott Kent, J. M. Robinson, Norman
Pendleton, De Lancy McDonald, Percy
A. R. Dow, Walter Burckhalter, Del
bert Brown and Harry Baker.
"Religious Progress During the Last
Fifty -Years" will be the general sub
ject of a fraternal service to be held
at the church to-morrow evening at
7:45 o'clock. The speakers will be the
Rev. E. E. Baker, D. p.; the Rev.
Charles R. Brown, the Rev>E. R. Dllle,
D. D., and the Rev. T. A. Boyer.
RECEIVES DEED
TO BIG TRACT
Mrs. Marie Hillegass For
■ nially Transfers- Land to
the State University
BERKELEY, Dec. 5.— The California
football field, which hitherto has been
covered by a mortgage on which the
Regents were making periodical pay
ments, . is now the property of the
University of California.- By three
deeds recently recorded Mrs. Marie Hil
legass has formally transferred her
right to the. big. tract of land, south of
the university grounds, which includes
the famous football field. ! Final pay
ments have been made by the Regents
and this important addition to the col
lege campus passes x< without . •incum
brance into the handsrof the university
authorities. The tract includes aJl the
land on •„ which stands the California
field, the -Hearst ;-Hall' and the Hearst
baskqt-ball and tennis co\irts<and the
Spreckels physiological laboratory. This
land is bounded- by : Sylvan way, Col
lege avenue and Bancroft way.
An entomological, building will be
erected on the -tract in a few months.
It will probably be but a. temporary
structure, the intention being to devote
this land for. athletic purposes. • •
ATTACHMENT PLACED t
OX HOME OF LAWSOX
Author of "Frenzied v Finance" Ac
cused or Faillne to. Meet Stock ■• .
i Obligations.
BOSTON, Dec. 6.— The suit against
Thomas W. Lawson for $350,000
brought by Paul Fuller and F. H.
Coudert of New York was. entered to
day in . the Massachusetts Supreme
Court. The .auction is said to have
been "taken in connection .with stock
transactions. ' Papers filed , in the case
indicate that Lawson's place % at Scitu
ate, Mass., has been attached for
$350,000.
In a bill of coiilplaint the plaintiffs
declare that Lawson failed to respond
to several calls for payment on stock
for which he had subscribed. .
JAPAN" SELLS SILVER PLATE.
Even Ancient Church Services Are
Said to Be on the Market.
MUKDEN, Dec. 5.— The rouble,
which has been* in great demand, has
fluctuated in value considerably late
ly, owing to the large quantities of
stiver and gold which the Japanese
have thrown upon the Chinese market
for war purposes. It is said that the
Japanese have transmitted to Shang
hai not only great quantities of silver
plate and bullion, but old church ser
vices, dating from the time of the
Samurai. While this temporarily af
fects the value of Russian currency, it
is taken here as an indication of a bad
state of Japanese finances, owing to
the drain of the war.
SULTAN BALKS CZAR.
Will Not Consent to the Exit of the
Black Sea Fleet.
LONDON, Dec. 6. — The Morning
Post learns that there has been an of
ficial exchange of views between Rus
sia and Turkey concerning the exit of
the Russian Black Sea fleet through
the Dardanelles. Turkey, at present,
according to the Morning Post, deems
it advisable to adhere strictly to the
Berlin and Paris treaties.
Russian warships at Tangier, ac
cording to ! a dispatch from that place
to the Times, . are coaling from a
French coal hulk, which on Monday
was flying the Moorish flag.
Building Rockefeller Institute.
NEW YORK,. Dec. 5.— Construction
work on the. Rockefeller. Institute for
the investigation- of the causeg of dis
ease i at ; Sixty-fifth street and Avenue
A; ; this * city, > has . been begun. The
buildingsA withith'ejf equipment, will
cost ■.$1,24)0,000. ;■•*■
Called to Santa Rosa Church.
SOUTH HADLEY, Mass., Dec. 5.—
Rev/, A. " B. Patton, for I seven ' years
pastor of ' the 1 Congregational church
here, has received a call ': to the pasto
rate of the: .First Congregational
Church of Santa' Rosa, Cal., and prob
ably will accept.' : •
:: MARSH LAND SUIT ARGUED.— A demur-'
rer to the answer in the case of C. H. Sawyer
vs. Ilowman McCalla was ■ argued : and > Bubml t
ted ■ yesterday,. In .the ; United States - Circuit
Court. - The Issue - was whether an r official of
the ' United States may avail himself : of the
defense - of adverse ; possession. The suit is to
recover a' large; tract, of marsh land at Mare
Island. •; . '. - ;.'-. - ■;. v.v. •.-■'.■-••. ■;:■■• ■ ' -• ,-
;..■■> BUENOS \ AYRES, * Dec. 1 6.—Reports received
from %.. Paraguay a- say f.that t* peace '• negotiations
between the Government 'and, the revolutionists
have been resumed. '-■' - : - •
ELKS TO PLAY
FOR CHARITY
Officers of San Francisco
and Oakland Lodges Will
Contend oh the Diamond
CHAPLAIN TO DON SUIT
Rev.. William Carson Shaw
Will Officiate as Short
stop for 'the Home Team
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1016 Broadway, Dec. 5.
When the officers of Oakland Lodge
No. 171 and San Francisco LodgeNo.
3, Benevolent Protective Order of
Elks, cross bats for charity next Sat
urday afternoon at Idora Park there
will be something doing. Both teams
are determined to win that they, may
be known as the champions of Elk
dom in this section. The game will
begin at 2:30 p. m. The proceeds will
be devoted to the fund for Christmas
dinners for the poor of this city.
It has been the custom of the local
lodge to provide Christmas cheer for
poor families of Oakland, and in or
dqr to increase the fund available for
the purpose this year it has been de
cided to bring the officers of the Oak
land and San Francisco lodges to
gether on the diamond, the winners
of the game to hold the title of lodge
champions for the coming year.
A notable feature of the game next
Saturday will be the appearance of
the Rev. William Carson "Shaw, the
chaplain of Oakland Lodge, on the
diamond. Mr.- Shaw will play shot
stop for the local aggregation and woe
to the player who tries to get a safe
hit into his territory. It is expected
that the i game will develop into* a
pitchers' battle, for James M. Shan
ley, exalted ruler of Oakland Lodge,
who will twirl the ball for the. locals,
has vowed to pitch a no-run-no-hlt
game, while Exalted Ruler John S.
Partridge of the San Fraricisco herd
has promised his friends that no Oak
land Elk -shall reach first base
through any fault of his.
The members of the local lodge are
working assiduously to Insure a large
attendance and as the San Francisco
team will bring a big crowd of root
ers from across the bay there will be
no lack of enthusiasm to encourage
the players.
The teams will line up as follows:
San Francisco — Pitcher, Exalted Ruler John
Partridge: catcher. Park Wtlson; first base.
Inner Guard Harry Wilbur; second base. Es
teemed Loyal Knight Thomas Hlckey;, third
"base, Esteemed Lecturing Knight '•Billy". Ab
bott;- shortstop. Trustee Herman J. Cordes;
left field. Esquire James Manning; center
Held. Esteemed "Leading Knight E. B. Clark;
right field, 8«cretary Herman Cohn; «i^-tl
tutes. James P. Dunne. Charles F, Hof- ' \,
John P. Broder and George E. Hunt; manager,
Louis Mathin Jacobs; mascot, Clarence W.
Purrlnjton.
Oakland — Pitcher,' Exalted Ruler James M.
Shanley (captain); catcher, William Dunleavy;
first base, Esteemed Lecturing Knight. Oliver
C. Hutchlnson: second base, Esteemed Leading
Knight, A, E. Shaw; third base. Esteemed
Loyal Knight. Geonte W. Frick; shortstop.
Chaplain William - -Carson Shaw; left -field.
Trustee Dr. W. H. Halsey;' center field, E»
quire Dave McLaughlln; right field.' Secretary
J. J. Hannifin Jr.; substitutes. Inner Guard
Kred Johnson, Tyler Charles Learn. Organist
Van E. Brltton. Treasurer W. W, London and
Trustee William Baehr; manager, George
Blethen; mascot, Peter Lynch.
REMARKABLE FEATS
OF FIXING IN 'MIND
London Youth of Long Ago AVho;Re
membered All He Had :
- Rend. .
The London Times recently pub
lished an extract from its columns of
a century ago, In which were related
the remarkable feats of memory per
formed by T. P. Oldfleld, who died
at Grotto House, Margate, in! the six
teenth year of his age. The extract
reads:
"At the age of 5 years 6 months he
had scarlet fever, which brought' on
him paralysis of # the lower extremities
and debilitated his body for the rest of
his life, but his mind presented the
finest display of human perfection.
"Whatever he read he instantly had
by heart; his favorite pursuits were
the mathematics, philosophy, astron
omy, geography, history and painting,
In all of which he made a great pro
ficiency. His favorite authors were
Locke and Newton and his retentive
faculties were so strong that he never
forgot a single incident with which he
had been once acquainted. ,. -A
"He could relate every circumstance
of Grecian,. Roman and English his
tory; was master of astronomy and
had' pursued it up to all Its recent dis
coveries; had the finest taste for draw
ing and painting and would frequently
take admirable likenesses of persons
who struck him from memory. He
wrote a hand like copper plate and at
a very early period in life had made
himself master of arithmetic.
"He was never known to be out of
temper, and though he suffered an ill
ness of ten years, which terminated in
a dropsy and bursting of a blood ves
sel upon the lungs, he" was never
once known to repine or be impatient.
His wit was brilliant and refined and
his loss will ever be regretted by those
who had the happiness to know him."
Farmers : Then and -Now.
You've formed your of
country people from .''The Old Home
stead" and these by-gosh Mlrandy
novels. The real farmers nowadays
drive ■' into town In double-seated car
riages with matched bays curried so
that you could see to comb your hair
in their glossy sides. The single rigs
sparkle < in,, the sun, .conveying both
•young men and young women of such
i clean-cut, high-bred features as to
make us wonder. They all come from
good -old 'stock. The young fellows
' run a f little too strongly to patent
leather shoes and their horses are al
most, too skittish, but the girls are all
I right.- If their clothes set better than
you. thought they would; .why you
must remember that they -subscribe
I for 'the very same fashion: magazines
that' you do.— -McClure's Magazine.
WANTS WRIT OF PROHIBITION.— A peti
tion was -filed >at the Supreme 'Court yesterday
reQuestlng that Judge - Lawlor. be' restrained
from - proceeding with the criminal suit re
cently instituted against' Joseph " Rebstock.'
Technical arguments wero presented. The. Su
preme Court will render an Immediate decision.
The defendant was Indicted by the Grand Jury
for /alleged -dishonest work while acting- as
Judge at the last primary election.. ; •
.-r The two '. hundred.- arid ; flftieth"anni
versary* of; the of .Father L»e
MoyneA the .; Jesuit! missionary,' to :< On
ohdaga* County, ';*New.',York,;. {will V be
celebrated r in ; an elaborate manner at
PompeyrHlll on August 15.
ROLE AGAINST
GARBAGE MEN
Alameda City Trustees Pass
Law to Stop Hauling In
of Waste From Oakland
FORM HOSE COMPANIES
Will Replace Volunteers
Who Recently Withdrew
From Service of the City
ALAMEDA. Dec. 6. — The City Trus
tees to-night passed an ordinance pro
hibiting the dumping of outside garb
age within the municipal limits. The
measure was enacted at the request of
many residents of the east end, who
objected to Oakland scavengers dump
ing waste and filth from that city
along the Bay Farm Island road.
E. T. Probst, L. x C. Lenz. Henry
Rieschrath and E. O. Bishop were ap
pointed members of Hose No. 2, for
merly Whidden Hose Company of the
volunteer department. Walter Stern
metz, Sam Josephs, Howard Simpson
and George Wulzen were appointed
members of Hose No. 3, formerly
Sherman Hose Company.
THE BIBLE PRINTED
,IN MANY TONGUES
Translated Into Four Hundred and
Fifty Language* — Enormous
'•> ' : J - Circulation.
Three hundred million copies of the
Bible have been printed in a century.
The British and American Bible so
cieties circulate some 8,000.000 copies
a year. Forty per cent of the cost la
recovered from sales.
Often the payments are made in
curious substitutes for money, such as
cowry shells in Uganda, copra and
arrowroot | in New Hebrides, swords,
daggers, sandals, amulets, straw hats,
pieces of silk, eggs, butter, rotten
cheese, dogs' teeth, sea birds' eggs and
other picturesque circulating material.
Occasionally, even. Bibles are stolen.
Something like 2000 colporteurs and
Bible women travel in all manner of
outlandish places, "by railroad, car
riage, boat, bullock, wagon, sleigh,
bicycle, wheelbarrow, on mule, Jin
rikisha or afoot," to distribute Bibles.
Bibles must be packed in water
tight parcels to be landed through the
surf in Madras; they are made up in
fifty-six pound packages to' fit coolies'
backs in Annam.
A century ago the Bible was printed
in forty languages. It is now printed
In 450, and new ones are being added
every. year. "Sometimes languages are
practically made by the Bible— that Is
to say. It is the first book printed In
some obscure tongue, so rude that it
does not even contain words enough
to express thought.
Take, for example th£ translation
Just matle' ¥or*the Sheetswa r tribe : in
East Africa. 1, They, had no word .for
Supreme Being*., t or . home, father,
heaven, h6us« and other ideas equally
fundamental. Qther .recent tran'sla*
tions have "been Into -Mare, Persian.
Uganda, Labrador-Eskimo, Kongo-
Baldo. Wedan, TFarig,. Madarese and
Nogugu. ..'•:, •
And there are said to be on the
borders of the Indian empire 108
languages in which there is.no Chris
tian scripture printed.— Century.
Settled Society In Kansas.
• After the war a" Boston man was
stopping at the Planters' House, the
principal hotel of Leavenworth, and
coming down to breakfast* late one
morning: ho partook of that meal with
the landlord.
"Well, Mr. — :," said the landlord,
"how do you like our Western coun
try?"
"I like it very well." said the Bos
ton man, "or would If society here were
in a more settled state."
"Nonsense," said the landlord, "our
society Is as settled as that of Bos
ton."
Just then Anthony burst Into the din
ing-room and out of a back door, with
Jennlson pumping lead at .every Jump,
and following him out into the out
buildings in the rear of the hotel.
"How about society being as settled
here as Boston?" said the Boston man
as he and the landlord crawled out
from under opposite sides of the table.
"I had forgotten about that Anthony-
Jennison matter." said the landlord,
"but If Doc Jennison has caught up
with Anthony that Is settled by this
time." — Boston. Herald.
Physical Beauty Paramount.
. The late John Hollingshead, noted
in London as journalist, magazine
writer and theatrical manager, espe
cially in the last named capacity, had
notions of his own as to what consti
tuted attractions for the stage. For
instance, he bluntly maintained that
the selection of all ladies on the stage,
except for the chorus singers, where
vocal accomplishments were para
mount, should be governed by the de
sire to put pleasing forms and facas
before the public. His view of the
stage was that, however it might be
judged from. lofty heights, it was not
a . platform for the exhibition of
grandmothers and maiden aunts. If
-physical beauty could be got with
brains and talent, so much the better.
The first choice was physical beauty.
Wonderful Excavation Work
One of the greatest pieces of excavat
ing ever attempted for a building in
New York is being done - for the new-
Pennsylvania Railroad depot between
Thirty-first and ■ Thirty-third streets
and Eighth and Ninth avenues. Two
large steam shovels are doing the dig
ging, and 125 teams, of two horses each;
cart the dirt away as fast as It can
be scooped up. The steam shovels run
the entire length*of the block, digging
their way as they go, very much like
a farmer plowing a furrow. "Alongside
the furrow is a string of carts waiting
to be loaded. Each cart moves prompts
ly v forward, as. the front cart is filled;
and the shovels work, so . fast that
the line is constantly on the move. —
Exchange. ■ ; x
Big Canadian Elevator.
The Canadian Government has re
tained a grain elevator engineer to
prepare plans and specifications for
the : large grain:" elevator to be built at
Port Colburn. the Lake Erie entrance
to the Welland canal, which will be
an adjunct to the canal system. The
transportation commission recently
recommended that an elevator be built
at this point for the purpose of trans
ferring grain from the large lake ves
sels, which carry cargoes of 150 000
to.260.000 bushels,' to- canal-size ves
sels or barges, which will then trans
port it through the Welland, Lake On
tario and St. Lawrence canals to Mon
treal." — New. York Commercial. ■ *
NEW YORK. ■ Dec. 5.— For local banks th«
sub- treasury ; to-<tay transferred by telegranh
$500,000 to Ban Francisco and $300,000 to Nrw
Orleans.
BBANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAND.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10SX
BERKELEY.
2148 Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
AJLAMEDA.
1-135 Park Street. t
Telephone Alaxneda 559.
REAfc ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alamrda Connty.
MONDAY. DKCEMBER «.
Alfred and Elvina Wood (wife) to Joseph
Brown, lot on N line of Thirtieth street. 340 W
of «rove. W 23 by N 140. portion lot 2S. bloele
2034. Rowland Tract. Oakland: $10.
James A. Jcr.es to Ella S. Mitchell, all Inter
est In lot on W line of Chestnut str»«t. 170
from N l!n* of Thirty-second, thence along
■aid W lino of Chestnut — 29. W 127, S 29 U
127, Oakland; value received.
Cosmopolitan Mutual Building and Loan As
sociation to George M. and Flora A. Hodgklns.
lot on E Una of Weat street. 120 N of Twen
tieth. N 30 by E 100. portion lot 3 block 299,
Curtis * Williams Tract. Oakland: 110.
California Co- operative. Home Buildinc As
sociation to Mallnda Russ (wife of Jamea R.).
lot on N line of Sixteenth street. 113 W of
West. W 25 by N 103:9. being W half of lot 15.
block C. map North Oakland Homestead Asso
ciation, etc., Oakland: $10.
Eugenia E. Meyers to O. E. Burwell. lot 1ft.
le 9 ? I o' m * P NOw 3 Hul#!fBM Tnxt. Berke
, P*vid W. to Susan S. Lorin* (wife),
lot on NW corner of Dana street and Channinv
way. N 30 by W 73. portion lot 4. block 1Z.
College Homestead Tract. Berkeley; gift. -*
Peter and Dorthea Madsen (wife) to Georg*
Ford Murphy, re- record 001 D. 30rt. lot on >X
line of Woolsey street. 333 W of Tremont. W
45.82 by N 100. lot 12. block Q. amended map
Newbury Tract. Berkeley (deed t» to correct
991 D. 306); $10. - .»>
Stuart and Elizabeth Drelbelbels (wife) to
W. C. Reveal, lot on E line of Telegraph ave
nue. 153:2 N of Its Intersection with center lin»
of VVoolwy street extended E. thenc* E 124 :«.
8 100, VT 152. N 103:6 to beytnnina;. Berkeley.
• ICO* , -^J-
Harry A. and Cora E. Dar (wife) to tame,
lot beginning; at Intersection of B Una of Tele
graph avenue with center line of Woolsey
street, extending E, thence B 103.11%, N 3rt.
thence at rtsht angle 182 feet to IC line of
Telegraph avenue. 8 51:8 to beginning. Berke
ley: $100.
Anna H. and Charles H. Silva (husband) to
Mary E. Cleveland (married), lot on N ltn« ot
Schuyler street. 150 E of Capp. K 49.»7. M
170.20. W 50. S lot 6. Gardiner tract.
Frultvale, Brooklyn Township- $10.
James N. and Anna M. Kllgorv (wife)- to
W. D. Buckley and M. I. Eaton, lot on K lln«»
of Monroe street. 1M:9 W of Adellna, B 33:3
by N 97. portion of lot 9. block B. revised map
of Oak. Tree Farm tract. Brooklyn Township:
Gerhard and Vendela Jacobt (or Vend<?l*
Jacoll. wife) to Thomas Olnen. lots 4 to 7.
block A. map Governor Hatght Homestead sub
division. Alameda; S10.
Robert H. Van Sant et al to C. A. Torp<»ll
(married), lot on N lts« of Bancroft way. 117:9
B of Roosevelt street. E37:6 by N 10O. portion
of lots 11, 12. 13 and 14. block 10. McGee tract,
portion plat 67. etc. (recorded December 3.
V.M>. Berkeley: $10.
S«lma and Henry Gosch (husband) to JcS«
phtne Henley (widow), lot on S line of Tenth
street iSewar-O. l«0 E of Willow. B 30 by S
120. block TOO, Boardman's map. Oakland:
Nancy Jane and John HJ. Fay to Mart*' Cam
bet, lot on W line of West street. 112 N of
Twenty-ninth (Alden). N 28 by W 140, portion
of lot 12. block B, man of WWtcb-r »n<l
Brockhunt tracts, Oakland: $10.
Annie E. and E. A. Bushnell to W. K.
Vlckery. lot on NW line of Piedmont avenue.
41B NE of Moss avenue, NB 30 by NW 123 lot
14. block A. Thermal H1U (formerly Howe)
tract. Oakland; 910.
'•■- Realty Syndicate (corporation) to same, lota
19 to 22. block A. same. Oaklan.J: $10.
Frederick S. and Gram G. Stratton to Jennie.
W. Klnney. lot 9. block F. . Peralta, Heights.
Bast Oakland: $ia. - . ; .
Sophie OW'elll (wlfa WUltam) to Cbr^etla A.
Knickerbocker and Minnie U Sumtn*r«;!W 10
feet of 'lot 12 and B 30 feet et .lot 11. map
2 of tlv» property of William O'Neill, quitclaim.
deed. Oakland; $1. - : - -■ .--■. •
Joseph M. and Mary W. Rowland to R. R.
Burger.- lot 2. map of Beckett' • Addition. Oak
land: $70. - . ; :
John Edgar McElra th Jr.' to James E. Kear
ney, lot on S line of Ferty-flfth street. 80 W of
West. W 60 by S lift, lot Iff. block 2103, Alden
Tract. Temescal, Oakland; $10. - ■•* -
H.'.O. Whittle (single) to J. H- Stepson,
lot on N line of Railroad arenue cr Seventh
meet. 419 E of Union. E 40. N 125:2, W 40. 3
125:3; jlso lot on N line of Parker (Eddy>
street, 240 W of McGee avenue (Dwtneile) J*
132:9. W 149:8. S 133. E 159:6 to, beginning,
lots. IT to 2O. block 3, Caao Tract. Berkeley;
$10. . .
Abel S. and Carrie F. BreWer to liotiis T.
Brewer, lot on E line of Grove ("West) »treet.
120 N of Vine. N 25 by E 1C0. portion lot IS,
block 4.- Graven & Taylor Tract. Berkeley; $10.
Irving R. and Bertha Whitney et al. to
Town of Berkeley, lot on E line of Hawthorns
terrace at northerly terminus thereof JI curv
ing to right, etc.. 593.63. N 125.87. E B9.90 B
34.38. curving to right SE 88. 48. etc.. ' to
point on, W line of Euclid avenue 237.A.1 S of 3
line of Hopkins terrace. N T2.7*. STW SI. 57
curving to right, etc.. XW 48.52. NW 57 :s
curving to left 50.00. 3"W 179.84 curving to left
S 82.24. S 6.1 i. E 40 to beginning, being ttrlp
40 feet wide from N Una or terminus of Haw
thorne ten-ice. X and E to Euclid avenue, por
tion plat 84. Kellersberirer'a map. Berkeley- 9X.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to August M!l
ler. lots 40 to 4.1. Florence Jones Tract Brook
lyn Township: J10.
Andrew and Sophie Petersen to Emma Mo-
Clary (widow), lot on SW corner of Hepburn
and Lawrence streets. S 75. E ICO, N 75. E im
portion lot 21, Ghlrardelll Tract near Frultvale.
Brooklyn Township; $10.
BRIEF CITY NEWS.
BANKRUPT GROCER.— Alfred Swan re
tail grocer of Santa Rosa. n!ed a petition In
Insolvency yesterday In the United 8tates Dis
trict Court. Ha owes $7341 and has $2130 »!*-
Mti. ;-.'-
MARINE LIBEL FOn WAGE3 — Victor Cri
«on tiled a libel yesterday In the United State*
District Court against the «t?am»hip Meteor
Captain Hall, to recover $40 40 alleged to be
due as wages.
BOTCOTT INJUNCTION REMAINS —United
States Circuit .Judge Morrow continued In force
until January 9 the restraining order prevent
ing boycotting and picketing against the Santa
Fe Company.
WANTS PUNISHMENT FOR MISDEED —
Robert Johnson called at the office of Captain
Burnett last night and said that two week*
ago he had overdrawn . $2000 on an original
deposit of S12.0CO which he had In a bank in
Chicago. He said that bia. conscience, was
troubling .him. . Burnett . wired " . to - Chicago,
but coo Id not hear anything about Johnson
LECTURE ON BIRD 13FE>— "Bird Life on
a Tropical Island" was *h«. tnbject of a
lecture given last evening • by ' Walter K
Fisher of Stanfdrd'Untverslty at the hall of
the Academy of Science*. • Fisher showed num
erous Illustrations with lantern slide* and
these, together with , his explanations «f tha
.characteristics of the birds, proved; Interesting
and Instructive." : ' . r- *~ ,-'i, f t,-
SIGA ' CAPTAIN . EXOXERATE3> P _ Unite 1
States Steamboat Inspectors O.c V: BoUes and
John K. Bulcer yesterday nantied down d<>
elstoas exonerating th« ofHccrs of the San
Pablo and the Mlneola. The ferry steamer
San Pabto, H. P. Leurttxen matter* and Peter
Norin pilot, ran into and mank < th« raaollne
tug Topo on November 5. Th« M!n«ota, Cap
tain Alexander Ktrttwood. stranded' on an un
charted rocJt near Kamachatka on 8eptem»>*r S
and was a total lo«3. The damage was IU30.-
-
~s1gk~headaghe
OABTrtfOl thlse^UttffpillsJ
l/MlVl LI\O They also relieve Dla-
Bn.__ tres3 from Dyspepsia. Io-
*Sgr I TTLE digestion and Too Hearty
§4 lyPn Eating. A perfect rem-
1^1 !»■■■ *% edy for ItafcoesB. Nausea,
f£| P1LUS» DnrTOlnes. Bad Taste
Ba_" BB ta tie Mouta. Coated
Ef'y:*- : I Tongue, Pain In the Side,
.'^^^^^^ I TORPID LIVER. Tlxegr
regolata t&o Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSE. SMALL PRICL
CARTERS| CURE SICK H^ACiui.
WIittle- Seauine Must Bear '
alVER FaoA'mile Signoton_^ AD V KKTT RF^opfTs^
I FREE! FREE1 I
I Eztraof binary Offet I
i \ HOLIDAY SHOPPERS
g To mJike their |
I Holiday Purchases Before December lOth> |
I ST $25.00 »»*- • $7.50^*3& Free
1 £^$10.00 «— ■ • $3.00 o &t Free I
§ 5ET $5.00 p— .- $1.50 %*£?£& Free I
I %? $2.50 p-^. 75c. Z?*A Free I
Free 4? t C\Ti p, we t u «. O^>. worth of goods tj
U wfth 4>KUU Pufghw * ZDC. your own choice Fret
ji v*.-.***^ (7^. c wan t you to see our
] Grand Holiday Display of Beautiful
| j and Newest Creations |
1 Elite Qiinawarc, Limoges China. French I
1 China, Dinner Sets, Salad Sets, Chocolate |
lj Sets, Rich Cut Glass Ornaments, Vases, |
H Bric-a-Brac, Lamps, English Porcelain Ware, I
Novelties, and Dolls. I
J Fancy Articles of Every Description. Prettiest, |
:] Daintiest and Newest Things made, Collected 1
;| from the Markets of the World. 1
ij Top Quality Teas, Coffees, Spices, Extracts, |
1 Baking Powder, Cocoa, Chocolates* I
[J We want you to see our very reasonable prices* |
j We want you to come just to look. |
1 Take advantage of this very liberal offer. 0
I CUT HERE CUT HERg | R
j CUT OUT THIS COUPON, faring it to tny of oar stores before I R
J g December 10, 1904, ani receive with each purchase as listed r. B
{ J ■ abeve a very hinisome present of yoor own aelection. M
I =j SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Dec 6 , J904 = 1
r - Cocae just to look. '£ ks
i u Bring this Coupon with you to any of our stores. " ffl
NOT GOOD AFTER DECEMBER 1O, 1904 «
I CCT HERE CUT HERE f|
I Great American imoorting Tea Co. J
CTTT ETOE.ESS
I fSiSJtlv^ 0 *' «13Sntterat. 7O5I.arklnal a73aa«tliat.
t lil^K.* 1 - 2008 Pillmor* at. 146Hlnthat. 206 Third at.
' i!?A 1 2 lt i t ' ♦ SSSHayeaat. 62 Market at. 469Fonrthat.
' \ 4il ZZTtV?** 0 "*• 5S2f 5J**««t2i at. 521 Kontromary ava. 36fl Tnlrd at.
1419 Fclk at. 3285 Mlaaioa at. 2516 Mission at.
OATCLABTD. ALAMEDA ASTD SESZZLET STOHJES!
' J?H Waalilaartoa at. 1510 Seventh rt. Berkeley, 2141 Ceatar at,
, 118S23daTa. 616 E. 12th rt. Alaume<3». 1353 Fark st.
: STORES TS OTEEP. CITIES. A3TD TOWN8: /,
' Sen Jr t *. IS S. First n. San Bernardino. 421 Third M. Loir Beach. 22a pine *t«.
; Sacrameflto. 4T« K »t. tai:!» Barbara, 734 State et. Merced. 408 Main rt.
Sacrempnto. «M J et. San Dl*gt>. 822 Fifth rt. KevadaClty.Ptn* atMaa.bldc
'C Santa Cruz. 140 Padfie ara. SanLulFObispo.729Hiruera«t. JR»<l!an<!i, IS E. State »t.
j Etocktcn. 443 E. Main rt. T"ular«r. Kern rt.. near K. Santa. Monica, 227 Third aC
j Oaro>-. 13 N. ilacter»r «t. Virginia CJtr. «S S. C rt. Santa Ana. 209 E. Fourth rt.
; Ijh* Gates. Eait Main at. V«ntara. 206 Main at. : VliaJla. «16 Matn *t
} EanL*an<Jro.Sa=Lorenioa»-«. Crockett. ■Woodland. tC.'. M«ln «t.
; Lc*Anirel*«, 42JS.Broad»-ay. Lincoln. Watscmrllle. 323 Mala at.
t I> -Arcr>«.2r,2"P».«aden» »T. Winters. B^nicl« 6 First rt
J P«:t L«ke. 245 Main at. n-U» ood City. Chlco.BdwT :l ,b':t.3d *4th >ta
■ Portland. S31 Waihlnrtcm at. Cutter Creek. Car«cnClt>.Cara'n Bt.nr.Klni.
Pcrtlaud. 22S FJrat at. Napa. S Matn rt. Brtrhain City. Main rt.
t Flattie. »0S Second ax*. Petaluma. 6?« Mata rt. Mod^ato. 10th »t.. bet. H 4 L
■ Oattle. ZOQ Pike «t. El. Hc>na. Matn rt. OroviUe. 308 Meyers at.
S Ticcrsa, 837 C «t. Sor.U Ro»a. 411 Fourth rt. Prcro. Academy ava.
v fjxdtace. P10 Fprarn* ara. Val>Jo. 839 Georjta at. ParkClty.Maln at.Schielda be
1 Opflen. S40 Tw*rtr-BKh rt. Haj-warda.BaU.bet.Malr.41rt. RedBluff.Maln 4b Oak ata.
i B*k«rrf.eld. 15!?. 19th at. San Rafa»I. f23 Fourth at. Salinas. 254 Main it.
\ Fr~.tr.o. 11*5 J et. Pasa<!ez.a. 1*0 E. Colorado at. OresonClty.Main at ao.eth.
Mkry*rrl>. ZZ2 D rt. Antorta, 671 Commercial at. H-ildsVore.
Porr.ona. 4f2 W. Fe~~n& at. Emffle. 30 E. Ninth et. Placerrllle.
I P.eno. 1» Ccsarnerrtal row. Ecreka. cor. Fifth and T ata. Ocean View.
', P.edatnc. 421 Market at. Hraaa ValUy. C6 Mill fct CaUctcga
• P.iver»W«. 931 Main «t. Hanfcrd^JOO N. Irwln at Sonoira.
Our 100 Stores Help Us to Help You.
DEATH CALLS AGED MAN
AS HE DRIVES ALONG ROAD
Heddinc Citizen rails Dead From Ve
hicle and Team Stops Be
side Body.
REDDING. Dec. 5. — While driving
alone on the road seven miles west of
Redding this afternooon James Hill
fell dead from his wagon seat. The
body lay in the road an hour or two
before it was discovered by a stage
driver coming into Redding. Hill's
team stopped when the^ driver fell
Hill was 65 years old and had a
family living: in Redding-
Train Kills Unknown Man.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Dec. 5.— An un
known man ti-as run over and killed
fcrly yesterday morning by a train at
Paso Robl«3. A Coroner's inquest this
afiernoon failed in any way to identify
the man. The man was run over by
one of the several trains that passed
aft-r midnijrht.
AJDVEirrisoiEX'ra.
T^^»*^^^
p Cut the Can )m
n anc^ compare the quality of • ffl[i
H Brand m
p| Evaporated m
Gream m
any of its imitations. &M
I b Ote deference. See how Bp
I 53 smo °^ 1 inc^ £ppstfijr.g; our Wb.1
m^ product is, owing to its Ef9
I Jl heavy consistence... which B|
keeps the butter fat equally ggf
RS distributed. In contrast with 5£X
Ugl the cheap and thin imita- JS§*
fip3 tiens which allow the but- j&jji
jJP'M *e r & to rise and form EaasL
FAIR INVOLVED
IN A SCANDAL
St. LOUIS. Dec. £.— In a letter to
Major J. G. Pangborn, president of
the United Exhibitors' Association,
made public to-day. President Thomas
H. Carter of the Xational World's
Fair Commission, declared that
"most ;rrave and serious charges of
corruption in connection with the
awarding of certain premiums have
been filed" with the National Com
mission.
The letter, after quoting that part
of the act of Congress making: an ap
propriation for the exposition, which
provide? "that the appointment of
ail judges and examiners for the ex
position and the awarding of pre
miums, if any, shall be done and per
formed by the exposition company,
subject, however, to the National
Commission, created by section 2 of
this act." continues as follows:
Vnder the rules adopted by the company
and approved by the commission the group
of jurcre were to be appointed by th» com
pany before August 1, l»04. None of the
Jurors was submitted to the commission for
approval In accordance with this provision of
U>e rules and regulations. A number of those
who acted were not submitted to the com
mission for approval until after they had
performed their functions and departed from
the erounds and many of them have not been
approved.
Mort crave and serious charges of corrup
tion In connection with the awarding or cer
tain premiums have been filed with the com
mission in the form of affidavits and other
wise. In view of such charges and the failure
of the company to observe the law in the ap
pointment and tubmission of the Jurors for
approval by the commission the right of this
body to investigate adequately supported
charges of fraud, bribery or misconduct
amounting to fraud on the part of the per
sons . making or influencing awards is main
tained by the commission to be a duty pre
cedent to the act approving awards resting
under the burden of any such charges. With
this view the exposition company takes issue
and thus far has not delivered any of the
awards to the commission for approval.
The awards resting under charge* of a
serious character are fortunately not numer
ous, but regardless of their number the com
mission baa refused, and will continue to re
fuse'to approve them until the charges ehaU.
have been fully investigated and cleared up.
As to the great volume of the awards the
commission is and has prepared to act prompt
ly, but up to the present the company haa
not presented to the commission any awards
for approval. Very respectfully,
HON. THOMAS R. CARTER, President.
President Carter has also caused
to be sent to President D. R. Francis
of the exposition company a letter ex
plaining the position of the National
Commission in regard to the awards,
an excerpt of which follows:
The commission cannot permit the us* . of
Its name, nor the name of any of Its officer*
or members In connection with any diploma,
certificate or other evidence of award while
any part of ' the proceedings rest under ade
quately supported and untnvestlgated. charge*
of ■ bribery, attempted brlberj't corruption,
fraud or misconduct amounting to fraud.
I hereby notify you ■ to refrain from using
th* name of. the commission or any of its
officers or members in or connected ..with any
diploma, certificate or other evidence of award
(or any exhibit. . . ■. : -..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER: 6. 1904.
ACTOR'S SENSE OF PROPRIETY
IMPELS HIM TO SMITE ARTIST
PREVENTS A- SNAPSHOT OF , SOUBRETTE
Prostrate and Unconscious, Neither Her, Attitude Nor Her
- Costume Made Her Fit for Photography.
Several members of "The Runaways"
company Baid in the presence of Police
Judge Conlan that the battering of a
newspaper photographer by Charles
Dox, an elongated comedian, was an
act to be commended instead of re
proved, inasmuch as the assailed one
had insisted on snapshooting: a sou
brptte whose pose and apparel should
have sufficed to restrain any decent
person from attempting such marks
manship. She had swooned and was
prostrate, the witnesses testified, and
her skirt was abbreviated to an extent
that exposed more hosiery than a
proper minded member of the opposite
sex would gaze at any longer than he
could possibly avoid. To photograph
such a display would be simply an out
rage; and its prevention by Mr. Dox
was a tribute to that gentleman's gal
lantry rather than provocative of his
punishment by fine or imprisonment.
Yes, It was true 'that the young lady
In question had exhibited her nether
limbs, encased in silken tights, on many
American stages and before large and
admiring audiences, nor would it be
gainsaid that her physical grace as de
picted on the billboards had interested
art-loving millions in the United States
and Canada: but the court should un
derstand that in the profession of which
she is an esteemed member it is con
sidered one thing to have your portrait
exploited after you have voluntarily
stood for it, and an entirely different
thing to be portrayed when you're not
looking.
Of such was the substance of the de
fense. The battery occurred on the
stage of the California Theater the
night of November 26, and the prosecu
tion alleges that the complaining wit
ness was summoned to the playhouse
by' one of the attaches and had the
manager's permission to go behind the
scenes with his camera. It was not be
cause his sense of modesty was shocked
that Mr. Dox smote the complainant,
the latter averred, but because he was
piqued, by the complainant's refusal to
photograph the lady who had fainted
and advertise "The Runaways" by pub
lishing the picture.
During the examination of Arthur
Dunn, a diminutive comedian, whose
physical foil Mr. Dox l« in the play, he
was asked if he was an actor, and he
replied that some people seemed to
think he was.
"Does everybody think you are?" in
quired the attorney.
"Well." said the little man, "the peo
ple of San Francisco did not seem to
think so."
All the masculine mummers wore
long- overcoats, and all the ladies of the
company — singing and dancing sou-
CANNOT FIND
THE DIAMONDS
What has E. A. Read, dealer in jewel
ry on the instalment plan, done with
more than $10,000 worth of diamonds
which he bought on credit? That is
what four wholesale jewelry merchants
want to know. Read is at the City
Prison on a charge of concealing goods
with the intent of defrauding credit
ors. The diamonds cannot be located.
In May Read opened an" office in the
Crocker building. He was advanced
$10,000 worth of jewelry, mostly dia
monds, by four firms. The creditors
are the California Jewelry Company,
A. S. Eisenbers & Co.. George Desen
fant and J. Nufmacher. When Read
had been in business several months
without making any returns the firms
became anxious and put detectives on
his trail. They got out an attachment
on Read's stock, but nothing was found
in his office but a desk, a typewriter
and less than $1000 worth of stock. The
books showed no records of sales. Read
explained that he sold the jewelry but
had lost the money gambling at the
racetrack and playing poker. His cred-^
itors do not believe him. Read told
them that he had made some sales of
diamonds at the Oakland -racetrack
four months ago. The track was closed
at that time. They believe that Read
has cached the diamonds, and have en
gaged Attorneys Schleslnger and
Humphries to prosecute the case.
<"It was resorted to the creditors by
one of the Plnkertons, who shadowed
the suspicious man, that Read was seen
to pass a sealed package to a man In
Jefferson square just prior to his arrest.
Read's bail is nxed at 52500. He ad
mltted having obtained the Jewelry, but
says he sold it and lost the money
gambling. He says he made partial re
turns for the diamonds. Read is said
to have a fiancee in Fruitvale. ' '
Let us help you settle the "Gift Ques
tion." Come In' »nd see our Christmas
assortment of Kodaks. $5.00 up.
KIRK, GEARY* & CO.,
112 Geary street. •
IMPROVEMENT CLUB ALERT. — The
members of the Market-street and Eureka .Val
ley Improvement Club met last . nlphi; and ob
jected, to the poor service given by the United
Railroads in tUat section. Objection ; was • a Im>
made to the extending' of tne fire^ limit* into
the Mission district, . and the withholding v of
taxes collected for ■ municipal , improvements.
BY .TAMES C. CRAWFORD.
brettes, statuesque "show girls" and
saucy "broilers" — wore their 'Jroad"
wraps. The scene was somewhat sug
gestive of a railway, depot waiting-room
when a "troupe" is departing.
Harry Craig, whose appearance pro
nounced him old enough to know bet
ter,-brought shame upon his respectable
parents by stealing a fireman's coat,
with badge attached, from an engine
house in the Mission and strutting
around displaying the nickel-plated
shield and falsely representing himself
to be. a duly qualified fighter of flames.
His. life yearning was to be a •"laddie,"
but his family had higher alms for him
and declined to encourage his ambi
tion, . so he committed the larceny.
Judge Fritz has his case under consid
eration.
John W. Harding declared he did not
regret, his disturbance of. the peace at
the Jockeys' ball, nor did he believe it
merited punishment by. law. Two -young
women, a blonde and a brunette, were
under his protection at the festivity,
he explained, and it *?as in resentment
of what he considered an undue affront
to one of them that he provoked'ar
rest. .
"Me an' de light-haired goil's
a-dancin' de 'Steeplechase Polka,* " he
further elucidated^ to Judge Mogan.
"an' me udder loidy fr'en' is a-restin'
her feet w en a fresh jockey guy gits his
lamps on her an' butts hlsself in. 'Hel
lo, sis,' he sez, fermiliar-Hke, 'wot are
youae a rallbird for Wen de gate is up
an' de track clear? Come an 1 I'll swing
youae over de jumps.' De loidy sez she
likes his gall— sarcastic, ye know— an'
he's a hrfndln' her a bunch of con talk
w'en me partner an' me comes a-lopin"
'round an' I sees in a. minute w'ere
me woik's cut out. I reins up an' asks
de guy wotlnt'll he's introodln' for, an'
he starts a handin' back de sass w'en I
punches him. Den he opens de valves
an', nlses de holler an' I'm pinched. De
bull didn't raybook him it-tall. I'm de
only victim. Naw, I don't know de
guy's .name for sure. Some mug sed it
wuz Mike Scanlon. I didn't want to
make no rough house, but wot could I
do w'en de freshy refuses ter 'polochize
ter de loidy?"
Mr. Harding's dismissal was immedi
ately followed by the arraignment of
Peter Thomas, also charged with hav
ing failed to observe, the decorum in
sisted on by the directors of the
Jockeys' ball. No redeeming phase cf
chivalry, however, was urged in ex
tenuation of Mr. Thomas' transgres
sion. Instead of championing a dis
tressed female, he verbally abused the
lady whose "steady" he was. In his
behalf it was pleaded that her behavior
was such as to convey to him great
vexation of spirit. After the first dance
she seemed so eager to avoid a repeti
tion with him as her partner that he
accused her of deliberate coquetry. She
denied the impeachment and requested
him to try to: abstain from being hog
gish and to allot/ her to trip the light
fantastic with whom she pleased. He
retorted by saying that if he were an
inferior dancer he could "find logical
reason for 'her desire to whirl with
others, but as his Terpsichorean ability
was unquestioned he could only ascribe
her conduct to an innate love of flirta
tion. At which she tossed her head,
clutched her train and swung into a
two-step in the embrace of an eighty
seven-pound jockey who could scarce
ly dance at all. Thus it went, the lady
whirling with a different partner
through every number on the card,
while he who had imagined himself her
physical escort and intellectual dicta
tor, sat amid the wall-flowers and
gloomed, until "Home, Sweet Home,"
brought the function to a close. Then
he invaded the masculine circle of
which she was an admired center and
proffered to lead her to the cloak room
but she kept him waiting in humilia
tion until the last of her adorers had
bidden her good night. His chagrin
was kept in subjection, however, until
she postponed her departure at the re
quest of several weazened riders of
race horses who unanimously proposed
that she Join them at table and partake
of wine. No sooner was she comforta-
MORE TIME
ASKED FOR
BY WEBER
Special Dispatch to The Call
AUBUUX. Dec. 5.— When Adolph
Weber appeared in court this morning
to plead to the charge of murdering
his mother. Mary Weber, the court
room was crowded.
Pale-faced, but with no lack of the
steadiness that- has marked his every
move since his arrest on the awful
charge of killing his entire family,
Weber gave the crowd a contemptuous
look and then coolly took his seat be
side his attorney. When the case of
the "People versus Adolph Weber"
was called he raised his head and
smiled. Evidently the general words
affected him but little, and he smiled
again, this time derisively at the spec
tators craned their necks' and pricked
their ears as his attorney arose.
* The crowd was disappointed, and
Weber knew it would be. The accused
youth did not answer the court's ques
tion: "Do you wish to plead at this
time?"
Instead his attorney made a plea
for more time on the ground that
the transcript of the testimony given
at the. preliminary hearing was not
complete. ■' ".
'•-.- f'My ; own notes," said Attorney Ta
bor, Weber's counsel, "are not com
plete, and I wish to make a careful
perusal of the court record before go
ing anv further into this case." '
After listening to an objection by., the
district attorney; the court granted Ta
bor's : request, continuing*, the .case un
til Wednesday, v
■VThe Grand Jury brought- in an indict
ment this morning, against Weber for
the ; killing: - of " his ■ father; The body
will. not. bring in any further Indict
ments.'^, Weber will have a preliminary
hearing 'before' a [ Justice of the Peace
on' the robberv - charge.
Great ; Sale; To-Day.
1 «. To-day, 10 a." tn., " will : commence ■ the ', great
$35,000 i creditors'. ' cale fef - Baron's , cloaks and
' suits,'- "62 i Market street, * by order . of ' E. : J.
Hanson. Assignee." . -■•*.
bly seated than Mr. Tnomaa* pent-up
rape burst its bonds, and the oral tor
rent he poured upon her. would not bear
quotation in this family journal. H«
was promptly arrested, and the last
he saw of the lady she was toasting her
companions in a bumper that sparkled.
"Dafs de trut* of it," said Mr. Thom
as to the Judge, and dismissal ensued.
It was the united opinion of Captain
Spillane land Patrolman Tillman that
Peter Hansen, 70 years of age and
slight of physique, must have been a
world beating: rough and tumble fighter
in his young; ■ manhood. For the way
in which he handled the wiry captain
and the herculean Tillman when they
placed him under arrest would have
made James Edward Brit t- stare and
caused "Battling" Nelson to gape if
either of those stellar exponents of the
art manly had seen the performance.
The fray occurred on Natoma street.
near to Third, /where Mr. Hansen vio
lated the ordinance which prohibits the
depositing of garbage within the city's
boundaries. He appeared to be such
an easy subject to control tliat the of
ficers felt rather ashamed of laying
hands upon his rounded shoulders, but
no sooner did they touch him than
disillusion came. From a seemingly
decrepit and passive prisoner he-sud
denly became the personification of
Berserk strength and rage. Captain
Splllane denies that he was hoisted
higher than the first story of an adja
cent building, and Patrolman Tillman
avers that if he had not been taken
completely by surprlse^he could not
have been tripped uplfy the defendant
or a dozen like him. Each of the peace
guardians disclaimed having at any
time suspected the human tornado ol
being "Young Corbett" in disguise,
but they agreed that a harder tussle
could not have been given them by
that renowned pugilist. From the
time of their first laying on of hands
until they sat, tired and triumphant,
upon their prostrate opponent, exactly
thirty minutes were consumed in ac
tive fighting.
Judge Slogan is awaiting character
testimony In behalf of Mr. Hansen.
Fred Thomas, a discharged soldier,
saw a former comrade in arms playing
a nickel-in-rthe.-slot machine with pain
ful recklessness, and to save the gam
bler from threatening bankruptcy Mr.
Thomas surreptitiously extracted from
one of his pockets a golden double
eerie and substituted therefor a- sil
ver dollar, departing with the more
valuable coin. That's the excuse he
submitted to Judge Conlan, before
whom he was accused of larceny, but
it was. scoffed at and he will answer in
the Superior Court.
BUFFALO BANK
CLOSES DOORS
BUFFALO, N. Y., Dec. 5.— The
German Bank of Buffalo was closed '
to-day by State Superintendent of
Banking Kilburn". because or a "run,"';
which began with the opening of the,
doors and continued to grow in volume '
as the day advanced. A big crowd
of excited depositors gathered in front j
of the German Bank, seeking infor
mation. Officers were placed at the '
door and no one waa allowed to enter. !
All this excitement had the inevitable j
result of sending nervous depositors
hurying to the German- American |
Bank, a kindred institution. |
Soon after the- announcement was j
made that the German Bank had
closed,, the Buffalo Clearing-house As- '
sociation issued a statement that It*
would stand by the German-American J
Bank and meet all demands made
upon it. It was also announced that
President Emery and two of the direc
tors of the German-American. Bank '
had resigned and that their places had [
been taken by three wealthy Buffalo'
men. These two announcements had j
a reassuring effect and several large;
deposits, which, had been withdrawn,
were replaced in the bank. Small.de- ,
pcsitors, however, continued 'to draw J
out. their money and at 3 o'clock near- !
ly 100; persons were in line before • the j
cashier's window. All of them were
paid before ' the bank closed \ for the
day.: \ , - ' I
Superintendent Kilburn is of the
opinion .that the German Bank will
not resume business. In regard. to the
bank's assets, he said: ' - ...
"A great deal of the money is out
on what might be designated as alow
loans. The deposits amount to be
tween'—$5,000,000 and $6,000,000.
About "$3,000,000 of that sum repre
sents business ; that should have been
done with a savings. bank, rather: than
a discount- bank, it being the accounts
of small depositors." ■ .
Minnie Iicalcy Case Delayed.
BUTTE. Mont., Dec. 5.— -The hear
ing of; the restraining -order in the
Minnie Healey case had been set for to
day, -but ' a disqualifying affidavit hav
ir.K, been -filed by ; the "attorneys; of .'the'
Eoston and -Montana- Company against
Judge ''Clancy, he', adjourned, court
again "after the ; case, had ' been called;
rr . ' ADVEKTISEMEX7rS>
81S-S20 MABHT STREXTT. SAST FBANCISCO.
DOUBLE DAY TO-MORROW, WEDNESDAY !
_ ■ SZBBOHS. BX1TS. I
SmS? 1 "*^ 1 ***? Po1 *» Dot Taffeta The very latest design in plaida.-50c
»lbboj« — Regular 35c per vard ■
Special v «i"; ZUBBOISZST EOOFS.
Pano 7 »„.«!« »»lHm«-FiV; Vnche« SpeClal r * C and « 1 <> e
wide; suitable for Glrdlea and BI^&CX STI.X BE2.T3. ;
Opera Bags. Regular 65c a yard. Extra fine line ."iOe
. . •••••• 45c SHOTJLDEB BJLACZ AWI> OASOT3S
Orapa da OUat Klabona — Seven Kor children. Special Ii5e
Baffling 1 — Regular 35c a yard. Sd«- BBXSS SSZHLSS.
dal 25c Tna raBnous Omo 50c
KATBSX i ILMl'l'TT wo SJtJC.
Silk Gloves, all sizes, black and All colora. per spool 25c
white. Per pair. 5Oc JSiASTICS.
TAVCT SZXiX TBDOtZVO BKAIU. B y the yard .-12c
All colors. 2 Inches wide. Special. MOHAra SXXKT BSAZ9.
per yard I2*ic All colors, per package 10e
Something Unheard Of at Christmas Time
Clearance Sale of Toys
We are not going out of the Tov Business, but we intend closing orat htm-J
dreds of various styles of Toys, samples and tall ends of regular stock.
We must have room to handle the rush of Christmas week, and this Is I
the quickest way to do it. Take advantage of this sale; It means a sav-
ing of many dollars, as wa have made remarkable reductions. ThesA
"Ngoods are all red tagged and easily picked out: Doll Carts, Mechanical
Toys. Drums. Games. Doll Buggies. Guns. Magic Lantern*. "Watrona.,
Building Blocks. Swords. Steam Engines. Carts. Tea Sets, Stoves. Ger-
man Toys. Doll Beds. Grocery Storea. Butcher Shops and Stables. Wa •
cannot guarantee this sale to last more than this week. Those who coma
. first get beat choice. \
BALLOONS FREE TO THE LITTLE ONES"
THESE THREE STRONG SPECIALS
J^&j>££i>K Mean Money in Your Pocket*. \
TK2|3>^ Nickel-Plated Tea Kettle Like Cut |
Used especially for heating water quickly; having a flat bottom, it allow*.'
, water a wide spread, consequently heat penetrates and causes water to !
boil marvelously quick. This Kettle aells everywhere at 40c. Our spe-
cial 20c
GUBTAXK STBZTCHL'K.
Full size, clean white wood, with stationary pins, sells averywhera for 32.99.
Special S1.6O:
ABE YOU FOND OF WZLD GAME? \
TJT/G3CS 7Os Xlf o X A27CS r
If you like them well pressed, here is a chance to get a Duck Press that can
be used for other purposes when ducks are out of season. Sold every-
where for J3.00. Our special S2.4D
see TBrrrasPAY's eiamhteb fob otheb, skeciaxs.
XXrXVES. RAZORS A2TD BEEABS OROTJITD ASS REPAIRED.
FICTTJKE FSA-IEES OF AT.T. DESC3IPTIOHS MASE TO OBOES. ■
ALI. KINDS O7 EZiECTSXCAZi WOSS BONE ASS SB7AZBJS9.
NEW OIL PIPE
LINE PROMISED
Special I>l*patch to The Cx!l
I FRESXO, Dec. 5.— Coallnga expects
to experience a boom when a new
pipe line Is built to a point on the
San Joaquin River. The line Is
planned by a New Jersey corporation,
the Producers' Union Pipe Line Com
! pany, whose agent. Dr. Alexander Dol
| las, has been in the oil fields several
I weeks arranging the preliminaries and
j securing contracts.
It Is .reported that 6,000,000 barrels
have been signed for,. and considerable
more Is promised as soon as the line
has" materialized. ' The understanding
is that a new pipe line will be run to a
point on the San Joaquin from where
the oil can be loaded into vessels and
barges and shipped to San Francisco.
! The length of the line will be approxi
mately 100 miles, and will be at least
eight-Inch pipe, if not a ten-inch. Pre
liminary surveys have already been
made by surveyors.
It Is said that the company was en
abled to sign up so liberally, because
it offered 25 cents per oarrel for fuel
: oil of the same grade as that which is
! being sold for 15 to 20 cents per bar-
I rel to other pipe line companies. This
J is taken to mean that much drilling
j will be done In the fields. When work
on the new line will be commenced
• has not yet been given out.
AUTOMOBILE OVERTURNS. — An auto
mobile containing 1 six persons, while returning
from the Cliff House by the south drive of
Golden Gate Park last night, struck an em
bankment and overturned. The occupants
were thrown to the ground, but escaped with
out serious Injury. Rother Phelan's shoulder
was wrenched and he was taken to hia~ home
for treatment-
' KEG/giSHOKS.
No"One Night Stands"
' M "\A7E have an eye on the "next
tVV time " whenever you get a
. pair of Regals fitted, that's .why
we can't afford to give you any-
thing short of absolute satisfaction.
Regal , Winter^ty les will please you
on sight, but whatever your selec-
tion may be you wont be called
upon to sacrifice wear for the sake
of style, or style for perfect fit
Your Regals are built, on a foundation of good,
honest, everlasting Live-Oak soles, with uppers cut
out rights and lefts from the clearest parts of selected
skins of our own tannage— and cut out whole, not
pieced at the tip; honest insoles of solid sole-leather,
heels built up of good thick "lifts," toe-boxes and
heel stiffenings of moulded sole leather, and not a
penny shaved off the wear even in the little things^ —
stitching, tongues, eyelets, hooks, laces or straps.
And your Regals will fit down to the quarter
size— a fit you can't duplicate outside of made- to-
order footwear. - „
That's the inventory of better than a first-class:
six-dollar shoe.'
The Regal Price is Wholesale— $3.3O
Send far Style Book. Mail Orders promptly filled.
Sola direct from tannery to consumer. In* largest retail s&oe btulneea ta
toe world. 80 storea la principal cltlee from London to San Francisco.
MEN'S STOBE C1U PBlltPKrfl WO3EE2TS STOB2
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sta. °* n rnAIIU WliU c^y. Qeary and Stockton Sts.
x . Oakland Store, ioio Broadway.
TURBINE SHIP
LACKS SPEED
GLASGOW. Dec. 5. — The trials of
the Allan line steamshio VictcrJ.in.
the largest turbine vessel yet built,
which was launched at Belfast August
25, hare been so disappointing as to
raise serious doubts amon?,the Clyde
shipbuilders as to the viluo of tur
bines in the case of Iargrs ships. All
thA efforts made to get the Victorian
near contract speed were futile and it
:s understood that the construction
of the turbine engines intended for
t*ie new Cunard line steamships ha3
been suspended pending develop
ments.
A sister ship of the Victorian will
i>e launched next month. The two
yersels were built on the understand
ing that the new contract for the fast
Canadian mail service would be given
to the Allan line.
Pyrogruphy Outfits
And all manner of wooden things and
sheepskins to burn. Hundreds of de
signs not shown elsewhere. Inspection
Invited. Artist material department.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
TWENTY-FOUR MURDERS
CHARGED TO GREEKS
Turkey Orders Mobilization of Re
serve Battalions in the Monastlr
District.
SALOXICA. Dec. 5. — A Greek band
on December 3 murdered twenty-four
Bulgarians in the village of Ailos,
near Sorovich.
An order was issued to-day for the
mobilization of sixteen battalions of
Monastir redifs.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JOHX D. SPRECKELS .Proprietor
ADDRESS ALL COMMUNICATIONS TO
JOHN* McXAUGHT ••♦!•• • • •Manager
PVBLICATIOX OmCE THIRD AND MARKET 8TREET3, SAN FRANCISCO
TUESDAY DECEMBER 6. 1904
THE UNIONS AND SOCIALISM.
THE large Socialist vote in the labor centers of the country con
tinues to attract attention. The Socialists were in considerable
strength in the recent meeting of the American Federation of
J-abor in this city, and Mr. Gompers claimed that he defeated them
at every turn. Since the adjournment, however, the Socialists claim
that they secured all they wanted in the passage of a resolution re
quiring that all labor organizations open their lodge rooms to lectures
on "the grand struggle for better conditions and higher culture
* ' * * for the enlightenment and advancement of the proletariat."
It is strange that it escaped the attention of Mr. Gompers that
this requirement is cast in the exact terms of Socialism, and that
the system of collectivism and collective bargaining, as against the
right of individual contract, is held by the Socialists as the prelim
inary to their whole programme. A Socialist labor organ in this
State says that the opening of the labor lodge rooms to the Socialist
propaganda will be the means in four years of swinging the great
bulk of organized labor into united political socialistic action, and
that "the sun has set on the day of Gompers and Mitchell,, who have
no other solution. of the differences between capital and labor than
the strike and starvation." ™
That the Socialists are not reckoning wildly was shown by an
other incident. The Federation rejected the socialistic resolution
condemning the militia, but it did not order the raising of the boy
cott in San Diego against a militia officer which prevents his earning
a living as a punishment for belonging to the National Guard. This
is distinctly a case in which the unions have the theory but the
Socialists have the practice.
Another incident is claimed by the Socialists as strengthening
their side of this great conflict. The Western Federation of Miners
was fellowshipped by the Federation. It is notoriously a socialistic
organization. So the leveling propaganda issues from the meeting
with head high in the air. Mr. Gompers made a speech at Vallejo
in which he said that before union organization the American work
ingman lived in a hovel, but now his condition is superior and his
cry is for more, ever more. To this the Socialists reply that labor
lived in hovels in this country in the Eastern coal mining districts
only, and lives there yet, and has no hope except by the confiscation
and division of capital, as declared in Mr. Jack London's late procla
mation, on which The Call has commented.
All these claims indicate that the Socialist activity has suffered
no relapse. It drives at a definite solution of the issues raised by
the Federation and fastens itself upon the labor unions as the rep
resentatives of class solidarity, loyalty and prejudice, upon wHicIi
the levelcrs depend for final victory.
The trouble seems to be that Mr. Gompers contents himself
with antagonizing the Socialists in the annual meetings of the Fed
eration, but leaves them unopposed in the subordinate unions be
tween time?. In such a war between the House of Want and the
House of Have, instinct strongly leads man toward the party that
promises an equal division of wealth. A new cult in politics must
be expected to avail itself of the strength of existing organization.
It is hardly to be expected that the Socialists will try to enter the
Bankers' Association to control it in the interest of their movement,
or that it will seek strength in a country club or other organization
which is composed of those whose property is to be confiscated.
They naturally spread their theories before those who want what
others have.
The strife in the unions is watched with keen interest, which
promises finally to be greater than that felt in any other of the
phases of unionism. When it comes to such a pass that the Social
ists in the unions dispute Mr. Gompers' statement of the benefits
of mere unionism it will be seen that an acute stage is approaching.
When Mr. Gompers takes means to compel the capitalist, the em
ployer, to give up part of what he considers his own, and socialism
follows crying "make him give up all," it enjoys a distinct advantage,
because it makes a radical and distinct issue.
In its political aspect Mr. Gompers is contending theoretically
for the preservation of representative government and institutions,
and he should be careful to conform practice to theory, as long as
he remains the exponent of the principles he has elected to propagate
and preserve, for his watchful antagonists have shown their mar
velous capacity for taking advantage of any margin between theory
and practice. . -_ _^ ;■.
THE VOICE OF THE PEOPLE.
A SIGNIFICANT event recently took place in Russia. From
a meeting of representatives of the zemstvos, the district and
provincial assemblies, there was sent up to the Czar a me
morial expressing "the hope that it is the wish of the Emperor to
summon a national assembly." Not only has a meeting with an
avowed programme been suffered to assemble by the Government,
but the unanimous will of that meeting is to find its way to the
autocratic ears of the Little Father. History is in the making at
this moment.
A survey of the constituency and powers of the zemstvos reveals
the significance of this action of their assembled delegates. Spring
ing from the ancient convention of communal government in Russia,
the zemstvo is the representative assembly of the district and prov
ince, in so far as any body of citizens under the domain of the Czar
may be said to be representative. The body is composed of- repre
sentatives elected by the peasantry, the householders in the towns,
and the landed proprietors ; the few shreds of power allowed it are
those of an advisory nature only in the matter of the economical
administration of the district represented. The assembly of the
zemstvos, the unit of government from which the present radical ac
tion comes, draws its membership from the elected members of the
zemstvos themselves and heretofore has had no more shadow of
authority than that delegated to the subsidiary bodies. •
With this knowledge of the nature of that convention which
has had the temerity to petition the Czar for representative govern
ment, we are enabled to appreciate the true complexion of the ques
tion now pending imperial disposition. This memorial represents a
direct blow against the bureaucrats and the reactionaries for whom
and by whom the Government of Russia is administered. It comes
from the masses. It voices the ambitions and -desires of a newly
awakened proletariat. The great potential force in the Russian
state, which has remained immobile and yielding since the dawn
of the country's history, now stirs itself and takes accounting of its
strength.
"Bureaucracy promotes religious intolerance," reads a report of
the speeches made in the assembly of zemstvos; "it muzzles the
press and stifles freedom of speech in order to give a spacious ap
pearance of solidity to the structure of the state. The bureaucracy's
efforts to imprison the people's minds inevitably lead to brute force.
We want a free and independent administration of justice as an es
sential safeguard against this constant encroachment upon the life
and liberty of the individual."
. Strong words these, and strange words to issue from the mouth
of any Russian assembly of the people, however shadowy its power.
What answer will be vouchsafed to them by the jealous Czar is not
difficult to foretell. The significant fact is that they are spoken,
and, fruitless as their mission may be, the spirit that phrased them
still remains— a spirit portentous and gravely threatening for the
future of the despotism which rules the puppet Czar.
For some time trolley cars have been running: out from Cairo to the Pyra
mids and we have become hardened to hearing the station agent at Joppa
shout: "All aboard for Jerusalem!" So perhaps we should receive with stoic
ism the news that the City Council of Venice has bought several electric
launches for use on the Grand Canal. Did not the Pope the other day remark
that If he were a little younger he would buy a bicycle, and r is not a London
comuany threatening to set up stamp mills at King Solomon's mines? New
York Press. - " :
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6r 1904.
THREE ROSES
AND ANOTHER
DR. JOHN DUNHAM knew what
he did not want. He could also
Instantly recognize, what he did
want when he saw It. These
traits had been of use to him in
working his way through col.
lege, through medical school after that,
and into a flourishing practice now two
years old.
In love, as In business, it was the
same, only the girls he had thus far
met were undoubtedly the ones he did
not want. Dr. John's black-gray eyes
were always on the silent quest of an
unknown girl, the thought of whom he
linked with the thought of roses. She
did not appear. He was 32, and begin
ning to think he had missed her. and
was deciding to devote his spare time
entirely to rose culture, when the no
longer-expected happened.
In September, he went with a col
league, Frederick Mayne* M. D., to a
medical convention in St. Louis. Seat
ed at the formal banquet, he looked up,
Just across the table, at her! And then
he seemed to have always known that
she was small and blonde, \wlth the
sweet delicacy, of a pink tea rose; that
her head was poised like a flower, and
that breeding and courage showed in
every feature and gesture.
Instantly the thought of her as his
mounted to his head like wine, and
his look met hers with an intensity
that made her eyes droop. He turned
coolly to Mayne beside him and said
in a low tone:
"Look carefully at this ring on my
finger, and don't glance up! I want to
ask a question. Who is she?"
Strangely enough, Mayne knew who
"she" was.
"Dean Carroll's daughter. Rose," he
replied. Then, as they both looked up
carelessly, he continued: "I may as
well tell you that I shall try to get
her." Choking back a senseless anger,
trying to realize that Mayne had as
good a right to want her as he, Dun
ham nnswered quietly:
"And I may as well tell you that you
have ma to work against. I shall do
my best."
At the reception following John Dun
ham accosted his old professor, Dean
Carroll, shook hands and asked:
"Doctor, please Introduce me to your
daughter."
"Certainly, my boy— with pleasure.
But"— and the old man laughed— "I
warn you!"
"It's everlastingly too late, doctor.
All I ask of you is not to tell her I
wanted to meet her, and — not to praise
me to her." The serious eyes of the
young man checked the old man's
smile.
"Upon my soul! I believe you're in
earnest!"
"I warn you that I am." Dean Car
roll.'looked Dr. John Dunham over
carefully, from head to foot; then he
held out his hands.
"I wish you luck," he said slowly.
"You're as open now as you were dur
ingr the four years I knew you at col
leg-e and In your success Bince. Your
tactics are worthy of a general, and
victory. Come along — but perhaps
you'd like me first to suggest to her
that you're a dangerous character?"
John laughed contentedly.
"Better that' than encomiums."
Rose Carroll met her father's old
pupil none the less graciously because
he was tall and strong and because
the heavy, dark hair framing his
handsome j face was touched with
gray;, in fact, he was so interesting
that she met him with an armor of
protective resistance beneath her gra
ciousness. She was used to easy vic
tories over her admirers, but not anx
ious, though she was on the alert for
her own Waterloo. There was time
enough for that.
John began well.' While deferential,
he was not adoring; while entirely ap
preciative, he was not insistent in his
enjoyment of her society, which he
accepted with a sort of seemingly
transient 3plrit of camaraderie that
piqued her a little. Several times
during the evening he drifted care
lessly back near her and watched with
amusement Mayne's breakneck en
deavor to make use of his. time to Im
press his rather ponderous personality
upon the girl. Dunham asked per
mission to call next day.
He did call and was carelessly en
tertaining; he let himself go, showing
his real self, speaking of his youthful
adventures in the West, of his roses
at home, and leaving a sort of an im-
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
PROOF POSITIVE.
The Magistrate— You say you are a
farmer; how can you prove It?
The ; Prisoner— fWal, here's a package
of ereen goods, anV there's a geld brick
in my carpet bag. i v ;:
BY JOANNA SINGLE.
*
pression that he was a man into whose
life women had entered little and that
they were to' him a sort of pleasant
relaxation from workaday cares.
Rose found herself putting forth
unusual efforts to please this man.
who»was not, as others, apparently in
the least subjugated by her charms.
He did not stay long, but as he rose
"This Is to remind you that
some day I shall brine you
that red rose.*'
to go he unwrapped a long, slender
parcel he had been holding, crushed
the tissue paper in his fingers and put
one perfect white rose into her hand.
He laughed down into her eyes.
"I wanted to give you a red one,
only — " The significance of his tone
and his hesitation made her rise to his
throw.
"Only you didn't dare!" she finished
for him.
"Oh, I dared," he replied coolly,,
"but I thought I wouldn't — yet! The
best for the last, you know." And he
left her trying to decide whether he
meant anything or nothing. As he
went out he met Mayne entering with
a large florist's box, and during his
call he had learned that she was leav
ing the next day for home. When he
reached his office he looked up the
northbound trains.
Next morning at 7:50 he walked up
to the station; just around the corner
on the platform he saw Rose Carroll,
smiling at Maj.;ne. who carried her
suit case and a great bunch of pink
carnations'; ; Before' they, saw him he
stepped back into the waiting-room,
bought a ticket to the next town
north and kept out of sight till the
train came in. lie swung on the reaf
platform, while Mayne, triumphant in
his moment of favor, put the lady into
a seat, bestowed ' her luggage about
her. As the train 'pulled out Dunham
looked from his window in the smok
er and beheld the idiotically adoring
face of Mayne, who was waving his
farewell.
When he had smoked a long black
.cigar John Dunham sauntered Into the
next car. About the middle of the aisle
he stopped suddenly at a quick excla
mation: "' i .-;Y
"Why, Mr. Dunham!".
, He looked down and saw, with appar
ent surprise. Rose Carroll, blushing and
smiling. He removed his hat, but made
no effort to take the seat which she
cleared for him beside her.
"Miss Carroll! So this Is your train
how pleasant! Lovely day. isn't it?"
"Won't you sit down?" she asked a
little timidly. And he did. and went on
talking so carelessly and yet so mean
ingly, so brightly and still so seriously,
that it seemed to her but a moment or
two before he looked from the, window
and stood up. Drawing a slender parcel
from his pocket he unwrapped a single,
long-stemmed pink rose.
"I must get off here In order to get
back to an important case with your
father. I only got on to tell you good
by. Didn't want to interfere with
Mayne at the station. I can't compete
Avith his floral generosity," and he laid
THE BEST OXE.
..Caller— I'd like to suggest a name for
the new torpedo destroyer that 1 is sup
posed to spread so much destruction.
Clerk, in '■'•* Navy Department— What
name doyou suggest?
-Caller— The Hired Girl.;;
the rose In her lap, "but this is to re
mind you that some day I shall bring
you that red rose." He was gone, with
out touching her hand in farewell. She
sat gasping— pleased, astonished, half
angry, but completely Interested. She
looked at the pink rose. Then she
tossed the carnations from the window
and wondered how in the .world John
Dunham had managed to obtain her
promise to answer his letters.
Thereafter Dunham wrote her — not
regularly, but when the fancy seemed
to seize him— whimsical, vigorous, joy
ful, masculine letters, wholesomely free
from lovemaklng. She answered, and
sometimes when he was very busy he
called her . up on the long-distance
'phone in lieu of a letter. Meantime
Mayne had sent bushels of flowers, had
written ponderously sentimental epis
tles and heaved many ponderous sighs.
Twice he had gone to see his divinity,
and on his last call her lack of interest
in his elaborate mention of Dunham
raised suspicion in his slow but relent
lessly logical mind. On his return he
sauntered into Dunham's office.
"Morning, old man."
"Morning, Mayne. Enjoy your visit?"
How the deuce did Dunham know
he'd been away? Mayne hazarded a
guesj.
"Yes, called on Miss Carroll. Write to
her, don't you?" Taken off guard, Dun
ham admitted the soft Impeachment
and was instantly sorry. Mayne
laughed with unctuous amusement.
"Thought you were too astute for
that. But she's got you going — has me!
Stringing you for all she's worth! Prac
ticed hand! Great girl— no end popular.
Knows how to " do it,- Miss Carroll."
Dunham's anger rose, but he answered
carelessly:
"Lo »k lo yourself, Mrre; guers T
can take care of Johnny." But after
Mayne went the tide of his anger
surged toward Rose Carroll. "When
he. could stand it no longer, he went to
the 'phone, closing the door of the in
ner office, and called up St. Louis and
Miss Carroll. After an hour's delay he
got her, and went straight to the
point.
"That you. Miss Carroll? Know who
this is? Yes. Lovely spring day! I
want to ask you something. Forgive
my bluntness, but I must know. Miss
Carroll, in your letters and all, have
you meant everything? Or have you
been playing with me?" A long pause,
while he listened intently.
"No, I did not think so — I simply
asked. I have not the time — nor the
temper to play. You will forgive me
for asking you? No, I' can't tell you
what made me think of. such a thing.
Yes, some day I will. Certainly, I
believe you! What? May I? May
I come this week? Of course I want
to! But I can't reach you till Satur
day evening, and will have to start
back Sunday morning. It's a long
way, and connections are bad. All
right— good-by— till Saturday!"
' At four in the afternoon of June 1
John Dunham stepped from his train
at St. Louis and went to a hotel to get
rid of his travel stains and appease his
hunger.
About seven he emerged faultlessly
attired,' visited a florist, and took a
cab to Dean Carroll's statelv old
home.
Rose came to him in the dim candle
light of the library, a vision in shim
mering gray. He had intended meet
ing her in his usual easy way, but
the clamor of his heart, and the wine
of a certain proud yielding in the
glance of her blue eyes, swept him in-
( to speechlessness. He stpod long look
ing at her, her hand still in his; then
he dropped the small hand back at
her side, and strode out into the hall.
In a moment he came back and
clasped her warm little fingers about
the stem of a glowing red rose.
"The red rose," he said simply, "the
time for it is now, isn't ft?" he ques
tioned quietly, stepping back with his
arms straight at his side to look at
her. "Isn't it time, dear?" he in'sisted.
"Yes," she murmured; "I — " And
as she did not finish, with a sudden
longing he held out both his hands to
her. "Will you come. Rose?" With
the pride of a small queen. Rose Car
roll laid her two hands in his.
(Copyright, 1904. by Joanna Single.)
When a boy is extra good looking
the women say: "Too bad he is not a
AT UNCLE'S.
She— Why, George, Where's your
overcoat?
: He— At my uncle's.
She— How's that?
He — Well, you see, last spring I took
it to my uncle in the ,'cltylso that I
could visit my uncle in the country.
*THE SMART SET*
BY SALLY SHARP.
Miss Lillie.v; O'Rvan will be hos
tess at the Sequoia Club this evening
when her miniatures will be on exhibi
tion. A receiving party of the follow
ing people will. assist Miss' O'Ryan:
Mr. and Mrs. William Keith, Dr. and
Mrs. Reginald Knight Smith, Mr. and
Mrs. J. H. Jewett," Miss Frances Jol
liffe. Miss Ednah Robinson, Mis3 Mar
garet O'Callaghan, Miss Marie Wells,
Mrs. Norris, Mr. and. Mrs. Adolph
Graupner, Mrs. Fernando Pflngst, Mr.
and Mrs. Marc Gerstle. Lieutenant and
Mrs. Andrews, Miss Elizabeth Mills,
Miss Edith Henrici. Mrs. Lewis Long,
Mr. and Mrs. Franklin K. Lane.
The miniatures will be on view to the
public in the St. Francis during the
week. •
• • •
Miss Anita Harvey, who has played
the role of honored guest so consecu
tively for the past fortnight, yesterday
assumed the dienity and pleasant re
sponsibilities of hostess at a tea for
a large number of friends. Several
buds were In evidence, and among the
happy group were: Miss Margaret
Hyde-Smith, Miss Gertrude Hyde-
Smith, Miss Marjorie Josselyn, Miss
Dorothy Eells. Miss Edna Davis, Miss
Linda Cadwallader, Miss Christine
Pomeroy, Miss Gertrude Josselyn, Miss
Alice Sullivan, Miss Coleman, Miss
Margaret Newhall, Miss Maud* Bourn.
Mrs. Gerrit Livingston Lansing en
tertained Miss "Wells and Mr. Hanna
informally at dinner last evening in
her apartments at St. Dunstan's.
Sirs. Longstreet of Los Angeles, who
is at the St. Francis, entertained the
following guests at luncheon on Sat
urday: Mrs. Hancock Banning of Los
Angeles, Mrs. Downey Harvey, Miss
Eleanor Martin, Mrs. William Tevis.
Miss Edna Davis gives a tea party to
day to all the buds and some of the es
tablished belles. A very merry time is
expected. Miss Davis is also preparing
to give a dance at the home of her
parents, Mr. and Mrs. Willis Davis, in
January.
An affair that is to be strictly for the
charmed circle within the military
lines will take place to-night in the
hoproom of the Officers' Club.
Leap Year's conditions will prevail
and be strictly enjoined, so more than
the usual amount of pleasure always
attached to these army events is ex
pected.
Mrs. Eugene Freeman and her
daughter. Miss Maud Paine, will enter
tain at luncheon on Thursday of this
week.
Judge and Mrs. W. W. Morrow will
MIRROR OF DAME FASHION
-^» HE broad shoulder Is perhaps the only novelty offered in the winter
Ay shirtwaists, as far as cut is concerned, and in place of the pouch
W front the blouse now drops softly Into the belt without any undue
sagging or pufflness. Soft materials are needed for this; and for win
ter wear the soielaines or silk flannels are eminently adaptable for
they have all the warmth and smartness of a fine flannel with the luxurious
qualities of silk. In the illustration the smart cross-stitched designs are
shown, these looking just as though they were done by hand on the soft pink
background. Both front and back are deeply pleated into the long shoulder
seam. Ihe front .closing invisibly under the box pleat, and the sleeve follows
the regulation shirt pattern, with Just a, little fullness added above the
straight band cuff that Is caught with gold links.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
PORT ARTHUR— A. G.. San Colom
bo, Italy. Port' Arthur was named for
an English officer.
HAT ORDINANCE— Subscriber, City.
In the city of . Chicago , an ordinance
similar to that In San Francisco, known
as the Rottanzl hat ordinance, which
requires ladles to remove their hats In
theaters, was passed January 15, 1897.
A DEBT— C. F. , An action upon a
contract, obligation or liability in Cal
ifornia not founded upon an instrument
In writing must : be commenced : within
spend the* holidays Jn Washington, D.
C, visiting Lieutenant and Mrs. Fech
teler and Lieutenant and Mrs. H*rry
Roosevelt.
• • *
Miss Carol Moore will be another
young hostess who will entertain on
New Year's night. A dance will be th»
motif. The younger set are eagerly
looking rorward to the event.
The St. Francis Musical Art Society
has arranged a box plan for selection
of seats for the concerts to be given
in the white and gold room. This plan
may be seen at the information bureau
of the hotel and members will be ac
cepted until the seats are disposed of.
The capacity of the concert foom is
only 400, and there is a persistent de
mand for seats to hear the coming
artists, among whom are Gadskl, Bls
pham, De Pachmann, Kreisler and the
Knelsel Quartet Amatog the society
people who have «dr*ady Joined the
Musical Art Soc* - »V? ."Jfr-.^nd Mrs.
W. B. Thomas, Sir. and Mr* Sydney
LJebes. James " D. Phelan, John Par
rott. Richard Tobin, Dr. Grant Self
ridge. Mrs. C. A. Selfridge, Judge and
Mrs. R. C. Harrison, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Deertng. Mr. and Mrs. Mark
Gerstle, Mr. and Mrs. William Gerstle.
Judge and Mrs. M. C. Sloss. Mr. and
Mrs. J. Downey Harvey, Mr. and Mrs.
Von Meyerinck, Mr. and Mrs. Ed Kal
isher, Mr. and Mrs.^I. W. Hellman,
Mr. and Mrs. Heinemann. Wakefleld
Baker, Latham McMullln. lime. Gad
ski will give the opening concert.
The Twenty Minute Society will hold
its annual reception and sale to-day
and to-morrow in the parlor* of St.
Luke's Church.
A particular feature of the society
this year will be the children's enter
tainment, this being held to-morrow
afternoon from 3 to 6 in a building
near St. Luke's, and will be strictly for
children. Whatever benefit accrues
from the Juvenile entertainment will be
accredited to the children and called
the children's fund.
The proceeds of the sale in the par
lors will so toward the organ fund, a
very superior instrument having been
selected by Wallace Sabin in London
during his recent trip to Europe.
Mrs. Philip- Caduc organized the
Twenty Minute Society sevefc years
ago. and it has been provocative of ex
cellent results, each member devoting
twenty minutes a day toward the mak
ing of articles to be sold annually for
the church's benefit.
The wedding of Miss Marie Ruef.
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. M. Ruef and
sister of Abraham Ruef, to School Di
rector A. Altmann will take. place on
Sunday afternoon, December IS. The
ceremony will be performed at the Cali
fornia Hotel at 5 o'clock.
two year? or It will be outlawed. An
action upon an Instrument in writing.
«ucn as a promissory note, must be
commenced within four years if the
writing was executed in the State and
two years if executed outside of the
State. ;._-■ . ,
Townsend's California Glace fruits in
II* S? ""-^ched boxes. 715 Market st.
and Wakeless Drug Store. •
Special Information supplied dally ta
business houses and public men by thm
£*res» Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 39 pit-r^^^^^' *^T^n^^i»***^^^^^*'*^v l^^_rif "'^"""'^ *^i^_!*^_____B_a^5^_,
C^___lM__C_5^_K_r__r
p _h > **>.^' 'T' ii J^v* V^y \r-dl ""_^_> 4 j___^_S_^_J 5 f /£S5^lsJ__-__r
I -m& %^*t" &fclB__tf-_ffry A _ ■ V^^^^*^^^fl^ '^_^^^**_r a wTOI *Jt___ Tr^
I l_n_r *~_ B f*''^^* __S^___P^^ —^■^fc^' "^ r*-?-^_gj?fei_^!-"F; , -"^aft
Mrs. Haskell, Worthy* Vice Templar, Inde-
pendent Order Good Templars, of Silver
Lake, Mass., tells of her cure by the use of
Lydia E* Pinkham^s Vegetable Compound*
* l Deab Mrs. Pnr___t : Four years agt> I —as nearlv dead with infiazn-
taation and ulceration. I endured daily untold agony, and life -was a burden
to me, I had used medicines and washes internally and externally until I
na.de up my mind that there was no relief for me. Calling at the home of &
friend. I noticed a bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
My friend endorsed it highly and I decided to give it a trial to see if it would
help me. It took patience and perseverence for I vras in bad condition, and I
used Lydia E. Pinkham's "\ egetable Compound for nearly five months
before 1 was cured, but what a change, from despair to happiness, from
misery to the delightful exhilarating feeling health always brings. I would
not change back for a thousand dollars, and your Vegetable Compound is a
grand medicine,
** I wish every sick woman would try it and be convinced." — Mbs. Ida ■
Hackell, Silver Lake, Mass. Worthy Vice Templar, Independent Order of
Good Templars.
When a medicine has been successful In more than a million
cases, is it justice to yourself to say, without trying it, "I do not
belieTe it would help me" ?
Surely you cannot wish to remain weak, and sick and dis-
couragred, exhausted with each day's work. You have some
derangement of the feminine organism, and Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound will help you just as surely as it has others.
firs. Tillie Hart, of Larimore, N. D., says :
" De— b Mbs. Pes_ha_ : I might have been
j£: v'T^ '->^ spared many months of suffering and pain if I
r ''SBfirJl- had lcno;: r T1 °* the eScacy of Lydia E. Pink-
AO^'^ft^^^v^ ham's Vegetable Compound a few months
/ '"• V^j&^fcfSvS— sooner, for I tried many remedies without £nd-
ixig" anything which helped me before I tried the
j£f5 SSL % J^£Z^*i(|§_a Compound. I dreaded the approach
JSJgBKJW^^g^"— ■**» °* —* c menstrual period every month, as it
W^.*w|^^^^fef^^^^* meant much suffering and pain. Some months
_ tte ow was Tery scant 7 End others it was pro-
lej G^ i r*^--^5'^^i * CSe> bnt after l had 'used the Compound for
Ev~'5^^__^ r vfcS__l two montas I became regular and natural, and so
P^CS^Vnl vc^ * °° a -o u ed until I felt perfectly well, and the
fTVr^^f >"<^ /&&$&!(( P—^* were strengthened to perform the work
l^^gfc^a^^Jgt^^^^gSsa without assistance and pain. 1 am like a differ-
»>'{ ;7 r^^--?/l//^*J^~" T ent wo:nan now - w here before I did not care to
I® U</ft * I iire ' — °^ * * m pl**sed to testify as to the good
K\ y^K^ir^^^^' I y oar -Compound has done for me. ■
iN^^^^ty^C^^i^^/ Sineerel y yours, Mbs. Tt__e Habt, Larimore,N.D.
\ S\V^^^__Sft' a t»7 Be lt * therefore, believed by all women
\\'\ Trho are ill that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vecro-
V'J *e/ table Compound is the medicine thev
V * W snou J d take. It has stood the test of time,
v^*i^_E«^^^ and i4 nas liundr ed^ of thousands of cures
\MnsGmp32?7 to its credit. Women should consider it
%&K32r un^vise to use anv other medicine.
X^__£>^ Mrs. Pinkham, whose address Ls Lvnn,
„ : Mass, will answer cheerfully and without
cost all letters addressed to her by sick women. Perhaps she has
just the knowledge that will help your case— try her to-day — it
costs nothing.
PONG RECITAL DELIGHTS
STEIXWAY HALL AUDIENCE
&g. G. S. Wanrell and His Assistants
Render a Pmj^amme of llijrh
Cla-» Mu-i«\
The song recital of Sig. G. S. Wan-.
reJl at Stelnway Hall last flight met
with unstinted praise from a fair eized
audience. The programme was of a
high order and embraced many beau
tiful operatic gems.
Wanrell's resonant basso cantant«
wit* heard to advantage in his solo
work, as well as in the duets in which
he participated. Mrs. Grace Davis
Northrup was in excellent voice and
Fang the ballata from "Pagliaccl"
with taste and feeling.
Miss Mignon Judson, with her sweet
mezzo Foprano. L<? always a welcome
addition to the concert stage, and her
efforts last night were up to her usual
Ftandard of excellence. Rafael Meany
contributed two piano solos, a sonata
Vy Weber and "Rhapsodie Hongroise"
No. 12 by Liszt. Professor Paolo la
Villa was the accompanist.
raiTSG MEN SENTENCED.— Tbomaa J.
;■-.•-?. &Ilas TZ.-t.r~ Burk». aztd Louia M'ta.
•li»* Harrr Scott. «rho were conrlcted of a».
Bait » .:h :r.:-r t to oossrs!t Frtr.d :arc*rT,
»»t* each fiertenopd ye»i«-iJ«r to serve four
><-*r» 1a Sac Qaeutin. Edward .Weldon. alias
KCirart TTood*. coa\ict»fl on th« same eharg«,
1» cot ret oat <■* i.s« :e«-» and an eSort Is
U»'E«r iRajfie to allow hiia ts r> od probatloo.
Th« Jcfire wfJi his ded«ioa on December
£. The trio tti*4 to rob FIcrsan AcSrta, a
ialrrrsas. oa Ju!y It.
ADYERmSEMEXTS.
\j Many have said thev would g,
j I not give serious consideration to /•• v5^f)x
j I any piano-plaj'er which was not (Q& *j$&/
|| equipped with the METRO- (_^^—^ (ffc
I Xe PIANOLA 5^ J\
I j • Is the only piano-olayer oossess- BfSVi \v^T/
I 1 big the METROSTYLE. The B^L If *i\
I Metrottyle will hereafter be in- fl g SI
1 corporated in all Pianolas, and the 4 If e _Jj i jJ ffl(
j I Pianola may be purchased at the JL Ijj Sffa" ft <^&V
IKOHLER & CHASE 1%MM
[■! COR. POST edJ KE*;RSY STS. e^S_ ?+;
y '■■>.■ ApenVs San Francisco and m
BENEFIT AT THE MAJESTIC
WILL BE DECIDED SUCCESS
Clever Players Will Present "The
Senator" for tlie Aid of Native
Daughters.
The benefit for the board of relief
of the Native Daughters of the Gold
en West at the Majestic Theater this
evening promises to be attended by
one of the most fashionable and rep
resentative" audiences that has ever
attended H. W. Bishop's popular play
house. "The Senator." the clever
American political comedy, in which
W. H- Crane successfully starred for
several seasons, will be the attraction
offered by Oliver Morosco's galaxy of
players. The proceeds of the benefit
go to liquidate the indebtedness on the
home of the order, 1113 Hyde street.
an institution thai affords protection
to those in need of relief.
California Calendars for 1905.
California Poppy, Poinsettia, Chinese
and Redwood Calendars. All new — best
ever — ready for mailing. San born. Vail
& Co.. 741 Market street. •
OKI Held to Try for Record.
Barney Oldfleld, the king of automo
biHsts, will' try to lower the world's
mile record of 511-5 seconds at Ingle-
Elde track next Sunday afternoon. Old
field will be the main attraction of a
varied programme of auto events.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY. DECEMBER 6, 1904:
SOCIETY QUITS
DOLBEER CASE
Novelty of Going to Court
Seems to Have Worn Off
for Belles and Matrons
DAY'S TESTIMONY DULL
Draft Testatrix Executed
Few Hours Before Death
Introduced in Evidence
The "society corner" at the Dolbeer
trial yesterday was bare of occupants
who wear pretty millinery and fine
gowns. The novelty' of the experience
in court seems no longer attractive to
them. Attorney McEnerney says the
proponents will not close till next week.
The draft' for *S0O that Bertha Dol
beer drew in New York on the
morning of July 9. the day she met her
death at the Waldorf-Astoria Hotel,
was introduced in evidence. John Turn
bull, the cashier to whom Miss Dolbeer
applied for the money, expressed an
opinion in the deposition that was read
to the jury that she was sane and ra
tional at the time. She conversed intel
ligently and signed the order without
betraying a sign of weakness of men
tal power.
The cross-examination of Addison
Mlzner was soon finished in the morn
ing. He produced a letter that he re
ceived from Miss Dolbeer while she was
in London. She wrote that she was
enjoying herself very much.
■Walter I. Treat, a salesman for
Shreve & Co., testified that on March
15 Miss Dolbeer purchased a sapphire
ring with two diamonds for $1400. She
was in perfectly sound mind, the wit
ness said.
Peter B. Kyne, stenographer for the
Dolbeer & Carson Company, told of the
visit of Miss Dolbeer to the office on
April 25 to get her first will, which was
deposited in the vault, and to replace it
with a copy of the new one she had
just made. To Kyne, who is not far
past his majority, $5000 was bequeathed
by John Dolbeer and the same amount
by Miss Dolbeer.
Clinton Worden, Mrs. A. X. Towne
and Mrs. Evelyn Towne Worden, who
knew Miss Dolbeer and met her at Del
Monte and in society, gave It as their
opinion that the testatrix was of sound
mind.
Leslie Elfendahl, chauffeur, eald that
he was in Miss Dolbeer's employ until
she sold her car in November, 1903. He
described many of her trips, said she
found keen delight in the diversion and
became a clever operator, displaying
rare good judgment and presence of
mind. He never noticed the slightest
indication of failing mind.
The will of John Dolbeer was intro
duced that the jury might see how his
daughter very largely followed its pro
visions in executing her own testament.
The trial will go on this morning.
DOMESTIC DUTIES MAKE
HOME LIFE UNBEARABLE
1 Ins band's Xovcl Cross- Complaint to
Wife's Suit for Divorce*-— Cases
Heard and Filed.
The other side of the family trou
bles of Freda and Edward Coffey Is
told in a cross-complaint to her suit
for divorce filed yesterday by her hus
band. He is a contractor whose wife
sought a divorce for cruelty. He says
she called him bad names, made him
build the fires, cook the meals, wash
the dishes, dress the baby and do
other things that made home life un
bearable. His mother-in-law came
into the home to live and made it a
pandemonium. The wife is said to
have been particularly brutal to Cof
fees son by a former marriage, dress
ing him in girl's clothes and depriving
him of food.
Divorces were gTanted by Judge
Kerrigan to Charles H. Smith from
Grace F. Smith, desertion; Loretta E.
Garrow from William J. Garrow, neg
lect and cruelty; by Judge Troutt to
Frank B. Whlteman from Clara S.
Whiteman, desertion; Harry G. Ad
ams from Ella Adams, desertion; by
Judge Sloss to Lydia A. Jurgenson
from Ernest F. Jurgenson, cruelty;
by Judge Murasky to Millicent Harper
from John Harper, cruelty; by Judge
Graham to Cora Sweet from Eddy
Sweet, neglect and desertion.
Suits for divorce were filed by Maud
Webster against Charles Webster,
neglect and cruelty; Horace Keeley
against Emma. Keeley, desertion;
Louise Hendell against Charles Hen
dell, cruelty; Etta S. Berger against
Gabriel Berger, neglect; Birdie I*
Whittle against Fraud* B. Whittle,
neglect; William Birch against Minnie
Birch, cruelty; Michael Smith against
Jennie Smith, annulment for deceit.
rather Grey*s Guardian.
Rev. T. J. Clancy tof the Paulist
Fathers was yesterday appointed guar
dian ad litem of Father P. J. Grey and
by stipulation of attorneys in the case
Judgment in favor of the aged priest
was entered by Judge Murasky in the
suit against Dr. Thomas F. Brennan
for the recovery of a golden chalice
and two gold watches valued at $2800.
In his "application for appointment as
guardian Father Clancy stated that
Father Grey was 85 years of ag«, fee
ble and unable to look after his af
fairs. Brennan, he said, admitted the
ownership of the property, but de
clined to give It to Father Grey be
cause of the pending litigation in
•which Father Grey Is seeking posses
sion of property conveyed- In the lat
ter controversy Brennan has already
faced a criminal charge.
«*nie Kleptomaniac" a Success.
"The Kleptomaniac," a society farce
by Mrs. Margaret Cameron Lewis,
■was presented, in '"- Sunday school
room of the First Unitarian Church,
Geary and Franklin streets, last even
ing before a fashionable audience. The
cast was In the following order: . - Mrs.
John Burton. Miss Grace Baldwin;
Mr*. Valerie Chase Armsby, Mrs. John
E. Merrill; Mrs. Charles Dover. Miss
Elsie Marsh; Mrs. Preston Ashby.
Miss Louise Sussmann; * Miss Freda
Dixon, Mrs. E. W. Stadtmuller; Miss
Bvelyn Evans, Dr. Miilicent Cosgrove;
Katie, a maid. Miss Ethel Stetson. The
playlet, which was well acted and
proved interesting, was produced un
der the direction of Miss Henrietta L.
Btadtmuller. ,igyg5 ' . .
Holmea* Case Out of O>nrt.
United States Circuit Judge Mor
row yesterday sustained the demurrer
In the action of Howard C. Holmes
and others vs. the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners and dismissed the
bilL The ground of dismissal was
that the,Unlted States Circuit Court of
Appeals had already determined 'that
Holmes could not recover from .the
Commissioners, he having been their
employe at the time his patent was is
sued. Holmes sued to recover dam
ages for- the use of a patented system
of cylindrical piles used ■ on - the water
front at the time : he . was engineer for
tha Commissioners. s __.""
GIRLS AND BOYS
ARE CONFIRMED
Archbishop Biordan Confers
Sacrament of Confirmation
on 3fany Young People
SERVICES IAIPEESSIVE
Communion Administered to
Numerous Lads and Lassies
at St. Patrick's Church
Archbishop RIordan administered
the sacrament of confirmation to a
large class of boys and girls at St.
Patrick's Church, on Mission street, at
the last mass on Sunday. | Following is
a list of those who were confirmed:
Boys— John James Salmon, William Joseph
Joyce, Frank Patrick Sullivan. Frank An
thony Uster. Leo George Miller, John Michael
Power*, .Henry Joseph McCloskey. John. Jam**
Murphy, Wlllard Robert Brodie. Joseph John
Tomascovich. Louis Aloysius Kapler, Edward
Anthony Baker, Hash Mark Conroy, Joseph
Aloyslus Canepa, Joseph Patrick Donovan,
G*orga Maurice Healy, Harold John Hancock.
Joseph Aloysiug Chrenlk. , Harry Daniel CDay,
Frank John Keville, Charles Anthony Cook,
Joseph Aloyslus Gorharn. John Ignatius Dough
ty. PhlUp Francis McGulrc, William Henry
Sweeiman. Edward John Ccstello, Daniel Fran
cis Sullivan. James Charles Marlowe. Joseph
Alcysius' Brady, Charles Albert Hermann.
Charles .Aloyslus Maher, Lawrence Joseph
Jllskel. Stephen Joseph O'Nell, Aloyslna .Igna
tius Qnlnn,: John Paul Ryan. Frank -Patrick
Sembcrtrant. William Anthony "Ward. John
Patrick Dillon. Albin Charles Fttrrer. Joseph
John CDr}-, Albert Aloyslus Quill, John
Aloysius Fitzperald, Joseph Tbomaa Galvln.
Cornelias John M-arsy, Martin Michael Con
nelly. Jc«eph Aloyslus Cuello, John Joseph
Schultz. Raymond Leo Tanin, William Henry
Kelly, James Leo Lemban, Francis Patrick
Barrett. John Thomas Dunn. Leo Patrick Cas
sidy. Ruby John Rivas, John Henry Ca«sldy.
William Thomas Kilkenny, John Joseph Stack.
John Charles Malakarn^y. James Patrick Fer
ruson, Harold Charles Hennessy. Robert Alex
ander McGovern, Hugh Vincent McOulre. Fran
cis John Moore, Francis John Lavelle. Bdmond
Raymond Conway, John Anthony Dennis.
Girls —^Mary Gertrude McKenoa, Mary Tereea
Roche, Alice Cecilia McKenca, Annie Veronica
Norton, Teresa Eugenia Power, Marcella Mary
Mcllvan. Ethel Josephine Bennett, . Nellie
Agues McSweeny. Alice Cecilia Bchmelx. Alice
Cecilia Farrell. Martaret Cecilia McKeever,
Jennie Teresa Loran. Margaret Bernice Code,
Pauline Loretto Kuruczar, Mary Magdalen
Lee. Mary Elizabeth Benzamen, Isabella Mary
Clark, Loretto Cecilia CShea, Mary Cecilia
Norton, Lily Veronica. DanleU. Catherine
Fellclta Jensen. Bridget Florence Feeney, Nel
lie Rose Mag-ulre. Rc«« Elizabeth Schultz.
Mary Agnes Sullivan. Cora Anna Boyle, Ella
Margaret Ward. Sydney Agnes Gvane, Graca
Cecilia Cody, Deborah Cecilia Jones.
Eleanor Frances Huber. Rose Loretto Milton,
Mary Agnes McN'ally, Rose Agnes Mitchell,
Josephine Veronica Stack. Rebecca Agnes
"Walsh. Letltia Agnes Kelly, Emma Teresa
Lotmaa, Mary Cecilia Moore. Alice Lucille
Sullivan, Martha Ruth McXulty Dena Amelia
Demartir.i, Minnie Kathleea MeCa.be, Margaret
Catherine Lavelle, Honorah Teresa Buckley,
Gertrude Veronica Fleir.rr.in v. Blla Agnes Mc-
Cullah. Oeneviere F.eglna McDermott. Annie
Veronica Ryan. Florence Dolores Smith, Eve
lyn Frances Gomex. Tlllie Eugfnia CHfen.
Sadie Bupenia "Walsh. Frances Marian Sparg-o.
Lucinda Veronica Pacheco, Asnle Cecilia Mc-
Loughlln. Hazel Angela Bennett. Millie Aloy-
Bla Weston. Margaret Ruth McXulty, Ella
Cecilia Murray, Mary Cecilia Riley, Elizabeth
Cecilia McEUtEOtt.
First communion was also adminis
tered to the following: boys and girls
on the same occasion:
Boys — Hugh Qulnn, John' Ford, Edward Sul
livan, Thibmas Blckerstaff. Richard Fitzgerald,
Alfred Suiyvaa, Joseph Conway. Frank Con
nelly. James Dofae>rty, James &My, Edward
Green. Maurice Horan, William Jackson,
Thomas Lavelle. Joseph . Mottershead, Allen
Peterson. James Tob:n, Bert Gorham. Martin
Kevellle. Bernard Murray. Stephen Kuruczar,
William Foley. Joseph Bertram. Joseph Dul
pan, Bernard Canton, Edgar Broder, Joseph
Tehaney, Thomas Gotland. William Smith,
Randolph Nelson, Leo Rappold, Martin Kelley.
Harry O"Day, Harold Baschold.
Daniel Vaoghan, Joseph - Wliitsrnan, Frank
Carter. Loais Mewler, Richard Burn?, Ray
mood McAneny, Vincent Smith. Eugene Moo
ney, John Donovan. William Cassldy, James
Murphy, Daniel Olson. Joseph Cain, John Mon
cghfn. Frank Nagelmaker, Edward Moore.
A:* ■rose Linden, Harry Sheehan. George Wat*
son. Joseph Dcnovaa, Thomaa Fitzgerald. Phil
lip Pas*, Frank Rlley, John Ward, Russel
Barbany, Frank Barrett, Thomas Cole. William
Carr. GeorK* Kaxaka. George Hulton, Joseph
Murphy.
Glrla— Lily Pllcher. Loretto Mclntosh. Mar
iraret Garety. Evelyn Durkin, Cora Brabant.
Mary Bhea. Katie McCorkell. Aileen McHuga.
Cawie Grtfnn. Julia Siek, Llzsie Finn, Teresa
Crimmlns, Mary Ryan, Josephine Hlgrglns,
Mary Sheridan, Agnes Mylon. Amelia Frances,
Gertie Ganey, Teresa Perkins. Irene Flynn.
Masrele Gibbons, Reirina Mclntosh. Annetto
Doslan, Marian Bloane, Mag-grio Dowd. Susie
Kilkenny. Gerrie CuUen, Flora Stelnman, An
nie Eulllran. Deborah Pratt. Mary Kelly Mary
Maloney. Ethel Pries, Isabell Morgan Loretto
Dyas Louise Angelo. Frances Buckley, Agnes
Keesran. Felicia Lunney, Mary Lally, Llsxl*
Sullivan, Irene Paschold.
Henrietta. Cuyalt Maggia Coursey. Mary
Richardson. Mary woods, Axnes Hughes. An
nie Gibbons. Flora Hansen, Vera Schultz,
Myrtle Longinetto, Elsla Murray. Lotus Estea,
Alice Conroy, 1 Ktrttle Korh, Angela Segarlnl,
Mada RabWtt, \ Mabel Schrader. Drelyn Gio
vann«ttC Rom Skowran, Madeline Plquerez,
Mary McMahon, Irene Peters. Alice Dwyer.
Gen»rier« Rr<k. Clara Kendrfck. Irene Skol
fleld. Vera Freisen. Margaret Flnkler, Alice
Brslth. Josephine Hoffman, Dma ORourke.
Ella Cofley, Julia Donahue, Asnl» Phillips.
SIRS. MARIE ANDERSON . >-
PliEADS KLEPTOMANIA
Woman Caught With Stolen Breast-
Pins Says She Is Afflicted with
the Infirmity.
The dread malady, kleptomania,
has aeraln broken out In this city.
The contagious bacillus of the disease
made Its first attack on a woman yes
terday at the Emporium department
store. The periodically recurring af
fliction was rapidly , combated and
temporarily overcome by Special De
tectives Allen and Clinton.
"Mrs. - Marie Anderson, age 21
years, charge petty larceny"— such
•was the record entered last evening
at the Southern police station. Mrs.
Anderson was caught at 5 o'clock as
she was about to make* away with
eight gold breastpins valued at $40
and a bolt of silk ribbon.
Mrs. Anderson pleaded klepto
mania, but at the Central Emergency
Hospital Dr. Millar diagnosed her
complaint as "larcenus takus," a dis
ease that makes the fingers illegally
dexterous. Mrs. Anderson was -re
leased on *50 bail.
NEVADA PEOPL.E MARRIED
IN CTTY OP SAN JOSE
Wlnnemncca Merchant and the
Daughter of a Prominent Stock
man Joined in Wedlock.
SAX JOSE, Dec 5.— D. F. Abel, a
merchant of Wlnnemucca,' NevI';, and
Miss ; Delia Hammond, a well - known
young > society /.woman of that", place,
were married ; here yesterday, at the
residence of » Mr. and Mrs. :, D. : R.
Knowles on; Park avenue. The wed
ding, which was a quiet and , pretty
one,' was performed in the presence of
a few invited guests by Rev. : Dr.
Gresham. An elaborate wedding
breakfast was enjoyed in the Lamolle
House after the ceremony and later
Mr. and * Mrs. Abel departed for Del
Monte and Southern California.;.
The bride is the -daughter of, a well
known stock raiser in Nevada, I who
for some time has made her home in
this city. ; .'■■■" '■■_ ■
1 COUKTT " GETS ;.THE; MOJJEY.— Th« con
troverey between former County Treasurer
Samuel '\ HJ Brooks • and ,. th« city ; and "county
ever commissions for collateral inheritance tax
was i decided by Judge Seawell . yesterday
asaixJBt Brooks and the; payment r of $2559 SO,
depoelted. with the court pending the adjudica
tion, ? was - ordered . Into - the city, and - county
treasury. Between " January i 8 -> and ' ■ May - T,
1900. Brooks • collected $62,friS 7S for collateral
lafcM*iL&A0S ta3L;r^3ttBHHrtBBCttSB}M»H9BJiSBPaMsaaBfc
BETH MARRIES
MISS LEFEVRE
Wedding Recalls . a Battle
With Knife ami Shears
Between Frenzied Women
CERMOXY VERY QUIET
Bride as the Housekeeper of
the Groom Arouses the
Enmity of His Daughter
\ : -
After an extended courtship, which at
one time almost culminated in a trag
edy. Adolph H. Beth and Miss Clara
Lefevre •were married by Superior
Judge Murasky yesterday afternoon.
The ceremony was performed in the
presence of two friends of the contract
ing parties.
Beth's marriage to Miss Lefevra
brings to mind a bloody duel fought by
two women maddened with rage and
Jealousy, one the bride of . yesterday
and the. other Mrs. Anna. Speckman,
daughter of the groom. About two
years ago Beth took Miss Lefevre into
his home at 799 Cole street as house
keeper. His daughter, Mrs. Speckman,
objected. She and her father quarreled,
but Beth stoutly refused to turn Miss
Lefevre out. The culmination came
when Beth disowned his daughter. On
May 19 last Mrs. Speckman visited her
father's house on Cole street, as she
Bays, to get some trinkets she left be
hind. When Beth arrived home he
found the two women fighting in the
dining-room, one armed with a knife
and the other with a pair of scissors.
Their clothing was torn, their hair was
disheveled and blood was flowing from
many wounds on both.
Beth separated the combatants, who
were taken to the Receiving Hospital
for repairs. Charges of assault were
preferred, but the cases dragged on in
the Police Courts and no final action
was taken.
Mrs. Speckman first attracted public
attention about five years ago, when In
Alameda she killed her husband, to
whom she had been married but a
month, and then made an Ineffectual
attempt at suicide.
In the marriage license Beth's age
Is given as 56 and Miss Lefevre's as 34.
the address ; of both being 799 Cole
street. Mrs. Speckman did not attend
the -wedding.
OVER TWO HUNDRED YAUE
GRADUATES IX CALIFORNIA
Catalogue Just Issued Shows Old Ell
lias Twelve Thousand Living
Alumni.
XEW HAVEN, Conn., Dec, 5. — The
directory of living graduates of Yale
issued ' to-day shows in the State rep
resentation that California has 281,
Texas 68, Alaska 62 and Colorado 140.
New York has 2225 and leads the list
of cities, with Chicago next with 10S0.
The total number of living graduates
is 12,665.
CHINESE NOT TO BE BALKED.— Afraid
to carry on lottery fames the Chinese ara
adopting other tactics. They send men to
different wa*hhouses. each carrying a canvas
bag 1 around his waist containing' tickets. Yes
terday afternoon Detectives Regan and CCon
nell saw .Wong Jake enter or* wa&hbouse at
874 Howard street and were Just In time to
catch him passing a ticket to Francis "VYTjite
beck. a laborer, for which Whltebeck handed
him 23 cents. "Wong Jake and Whltebeck were
■arrested.
APTERTIS-SIEXTS.
■ 1 ' A&sSnW
M f ___^__S _E3§B I? a.
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky
And that is to let it alone. \ If you try
any other way it '. will get the beat of
you. If you can't let it alone you need
Dr. McKanna's treatment. Dr. McKan-
na cures the liquor,, habit by destroying
the desire for liquor and putting the
system ' in its ■ natural . condition, where
liquor is not needed to help the machin-
«ry of the body to do its work. Dr.
McKanna effects a complete cure in three
days without ; the use of dangerous hy-
podermics, annoying: confinement or bad
after • effects. '. Dr. McKanna's treatment
ls absolutely safe and cannot harm • the
most delicate constitution. Why waste
time ~ and money in drinking whisky
when you can be cured of the liquor
habit in three days with no chance of
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness T
Think it over and call or write Dr. Mc-
Kanna for full information. "Address 14
Geary street. San Francisco. CaL Pbon*
1037 Main. .
• • -
Evatt ®> Hinkle
86 Third St.
_r_— ' goods. vzrw sro__,
* For Diamonds, Watches, Jewelry.
MAUVAI8 MUSIC CO.
833 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASOM. :
FINE 'GUITAR OR MANDOLIN $10
AD\'EKTISE31ENTS.
T_e Kind You Have Always Bought has borne t_e signa-
ture of Chas. H. Fletcher, and has been made under his
personal supervision for over 30 years. Allow no one
to deceive you in this. Counterfeits, Imitations and
•« Just-as-good" are but Experiments, and endanger th©
health of Children— Experience against Experiment*
What is CASTORIA
Castoria is a harmless substitute for Castor Oil, Pare-
goric, Drops and Soothing: Syrups. It is Pleasant. It
contains neither Opium, Morphine nor other Narcotic
substance. Its age is its guarantee. It destroys Worms
and allays Feverishness. It cures Diarrhoea and Wind
Colic. It relieves Teething Troubles, cures Constipation
and Flatulency. It assimilates the Food, regulates the
Stomach and Bowels, giving healthy and natural sleep.
The Children's Panacea— The Mother's Friend.
Tie Kind You Hare Always Bought
ym Bears the Signature of
In Use For Over 30 Years.
THK CCMTMIM tOUMIIt, W MUMKAV ttMH. II« TOOK CtTV.
AMTCE— HN'I 1 -.
Monster NewShow
MISS MARY SHAW & CO.,
Dillon Brothers; Howard's Comedy Dosrs
and Posies; Marvelous Frank and Lit-
tle Bob; Phyllis Allen; Sam _ltos: _ e-
Boy and Bled; T_e Jossel— i Trio: ■
Cleznent de Lion. and. Orpheum Motion <
Pictures.
Reffular Matinees Erery Wedaesiay. Thurs-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c. 25c and 80c
_E__D__ns___3E_n___Baa
I ORPHEUM I
1 SPECIAL |
» FRIDAY AFTERNOON. Dee. 9, rj
m At 1 o'clock •harp, »
■ SIXTH ANNUAL BENEFIT g
U TJnder the Auspices of the q
2 Associated Theatrical Managers S
6 OP SAN FRANCISCO a
| ■ In Aid of Their □
I CHARITY FUNDS
~ Devoted to the Relief of the Sick ar.d C
«* Needy of the Profession. B
* Monster Continuous Performance jj
n Talent from Columbia Theater, Grand _
~ Opera-house. California Theater. Or- Z2
| ■ pfaeum. Alcazar, Tivolt Opera-house. •■ »
1 ■ Central Theater. Chutes. 0
I _ 1 G— BIO ACTS — 16 Q
■ - Tickets now en sale at the box o£flc* B
| of the OiDbeum. ' 5
■■■■■■■■■■■■■■MMMBBB-M
2nd WEEK O?
THE BIGGEST COMIC
OPERA SUCCESS
KING
BEATS ALWAYS SELLJNG.
REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
i!$y______£>
TONY LUBELSK3, General Manager.
Be*t Erer Orzauized.
Poslt»ve One Dollar Attractions for
lOo and 2Oo — ZTo KigheTx
Tha a«w hill this week will catch the city
by storm.
. AH Celebrated Artists.
PEOPLE'S
OPULflR
RICES
10c and 20c — No Higher.
j Greatest Taudevill* perform aaoe for th*
prices in the world. Children to any part of
the theater. 10c
Performance erery afternoon at 2:30; every
evening at 7:30 and 9: continuous Saturday
and Sunday matinees from 2 to S; continuous
! Saturday and Sunday evenings from 7 to 11.
! Startling, new European moving pictures.
sis. UJrL^D
A Spies did Show Every Af tenoon and
_ve_t_r in t_ e Theater.
I DON'T FAIL TO SEE
| THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD,
I THE REIGNING SENSATION OF CONEY
ISLAXD and the WORLD'S FAIR.
A NKVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE
Amateur Hisrht and Electric rot_t__
Thursday.
ADMISSION 10c | CHILDREN So
IBaci! j^Mie!
! Jew sfflA Jockey
__n_--.|w dob
. OAJ__— TD TKICZ.
Commencing SATURDAY. November IX
Racing every, weak day. rata or **««
- Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.'
For special trains stopping at tse track taks
E. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00.
12:30. 1:00. 1:30 er 2:00. Retarnlnc train*
leave th* track at 4:10 and 4:43 p. ta. and lm-
n_dlatsly after tha last race.
THOMAS EL WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
lilpAU
16 Pages. $1 per Year
_j AMTS— M— NTS.
GRAND SSSgg
Matinees Saturday aad Ssndar
THIS WEEK AND NEXT
__5e, "Befo 1 the King," Edward Yll
Buckingham Palace. Jane 23. 1308.
THE ROYAL COMEDIANS,
WILLIAMS
__WALKER
Aad Their Company of Colored Artists
&£• IN DAHOMEY
Curtain Rises at S o'clock.
CULUmjSI A mm ma,_
. LX rS I A\_t. Sat.
J— < JT—.KJ X Time sat. Night
Charles B. Dllllcshasi Presents
MAXINE
ELLIOTT
In tie Clyde Fltca, Comedy.
HER OWN WAY
Commencins; NEXT STTNDAY NIGHT
The Musical Comedy Success.
"A C—X BT_S_ HO3T_Y_OO3T"
e CALIFORNIA^
ALL THIS WEEK. |j
SAN-FORD B. RICA BY Presents th* I
WTT.TiTAUt H. WEST BIO ||
i h m k i- 1- j y*T^* ** i £j
Featuring: the Saperb Scents Statin* I
Sensation, S
FREDERICK V. BOWERS, for tlM ||
past twenty-six weeks the star fsatar* II
of Klr_fy*s Inunens* Loolstana Pur- It
chase Spectacle at th* St. I__s Ex- f
positioB. |J
GREATEST STNGINO PART _V_» 1
CONCEIVED. y
Next Sunday Xlght — ROSB iTEL- I
VIL_E. the original "813 HOPKIXS.'* t
ALGAZAir^S'
General 31 a sa«*r.
, TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND BXJIf.
Great Hit eJ the Dellsstrol O—Bwly.
The Professor's
Love Story
Written by J. M. Barrie. author of Ti«
Little It mister," and starred In with great
ruccess by tha eminent EnsUsh actor. _ BL
Wlllard. Its first stock p reduction.
Evgi.. 2Se to 73c Mats.. Sat. _ Sort.. 29o to tOa
Next Monday — Mrs. Flake's First ftnnci—.
CAPRICE
CENTRALS
Market tt.. near Eighth. Phoee South 633.
TO-NIGHT— ALX. WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Jacob Uttt's $_>.000 production of th« n»ats_
melodraraa «vsr written.
THE SUBURBAN
rt-r m Ti:e rwcm track a_ 1 ■— hcui— .
vLL Wen-known local jockeys.
jCr The lisa* klla.
—'—'—' The sea wall.
Positively the Most Pretentious _&Mt Krm
Made ea Any Staf*.
HORSES DASH ACROSS THE ST— GB AT
|Pi ' l .T. SPEED! !
Prices — En. 10c to 50c Mats. 10a. 15a. SSo.
NEXT— "LOST — * SIBERIA. -
( Absolutely Flreprool.)
H. W. BISHOP Lessee mad M«na«sr
TO-NIGHT,
B_JBI_JPXT BOAXD 07 WrTiTKT
V. D. O. W.
Oliver Morosco Offers
HOWARD GOULD— J. H. UILMOTTR
And the Majestic Th eater Company ta thai
Great American Political Comedy.
THE SENATOR
WEDNESDAY KIOHT— ©_«flt Saa Franciac©
COMMERCIA— THATEX_318' ASSN.
Matinee Tharadar aad Satnrday.
PalflrP D0NTFA1LT0
lalaWV kc _ e beautifnl
< COURT Lounging
/Mil room, the EMPIRE
flUU PaRLOR, the
gy * PALM ROOM, the
lTn.fid LOUIS XV PAR-
n j 1 DIES' WRITING
| Hotels | gooM -
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: ftves baattk asxt
sTrf"r tt> to sexual orsaaa. Dc^ot. 223 Msrkf ■
910
FAVORITES AT OAKLAND BURIED UNDER AN AVALANCHE OF LONG SHOTS
SLOW FIGHTING MARKS
OLYMPIC CLUB BOUTS
SAD NIGHT FOR WINGED ».O"
Andy Gallagher's Opponent Absent
Crowd Cheers Game Lad.
The several unknown fist artists and
others who have shone in various rings
did little to make the members and
guests of the Olympic Club ehout lost
night. There -were eight bouts carded
and two of these would pass as fights
on Tehama street. The others might
have figured as a pink tea, but never
where a crowd of seasoned sports are
wont to congregate.
Before the entertainment had been
concluded. Announcer Frank Thomp
son, in a gentle voice, broke the news
to those present that J. Sullivan, who
waE due to mix it with Andy Gallagher,
■was not in the house, and as he did not
leave his residence address with/ the
directors they were powerless to ap
pease Mr. Gallagher's appetite ' for a
fight. Mr. Gallagher, garbed after the
style of Henry Irving, paraded
through the ring just to let the fans
knew he was there. Andy got a round
of applause and also a medal by de
fault. When he meets Mr. Sullivan in
a narrow alley- way he will probably
pet the decision, for it is evident that
the latter is afraid to take his beating
before a crowd.
Only one Olympian brought home a
medal. That distinguished young man
v.as Frank Flores and he made F. Nor
ton quit in three rounds with a few
5<Mid rights to the Jaw. I. W. Letcher
and Joe Leahy furnished the talked-of
mill. Leahy was all but gone in every
rour.d. but came back fighting each
time and in turn had his opponent
\
CRESCEUS A\D HIS OWNER
MAY BE RULED OFF TURF
American Trotting Association Idkely
to Act Because of Uie
Kansas Incident.
CHICAGO. Dec. 5. — Followers of
the trotting: game are looking forward
to the session of the American Trot
ting Association at the Auditorium to
morrow, when it is expected that
Charles Ketcham, the owner of Cres
ccus. will be debarred from further
racing and that the famous stallion,
whose record of 1:53^ has for months
been under discussion, will also be de
riared out of the game, along with the
Wichita (Kan?.) track.
Evidence that the affair was "fixed"
by the owner of the stallion with the
fuli consent of the officials of the
track is said to have been unearthed
end according to the general belief in
tnrf circles the Wichita track. Ket
cham and Cresceus will be debarred
from further participation in racing.
The re-election of the present of
ficers of the association is said to be a
certainty.
Crescent City Winners.
NTTR" ORLEANS, Dec. 5.— Remits:
First race, seven furlongs — Catallr.r won,
Birrhrod second. Ogontz thtrd. Time, 1:41.
Seiond race, seven furlonce — Lady Free
Knisrht won. Lord of the Valley second. Extol
third. Time. 1:37 1-5.
Third race, one mile — Judge Himen won,
Mauser set-ond, Ahr.la third. Time. 1 :53 4-5.
Fourth race, fix furlongs — Gus Heidorn won,
MatErii r second. Jade third. Time. 1:21.
Fifth race, on* and & sixteenth miles — Joe
L.< zt-r »vn. Gajlighter second, Barklemore
third. Time. l:5il 4-5.
flxth rare, tix furloncs — Sirmund won.
»I*rry Acrobat second. Glendon third. TJm«,
J .72 1-5.
JUDGE HUXT PRESIDES.— Judire William
H. Hunt of Montana, lormerly Governor of
Porto KIco. Is holding court this mcnth for
United States Circuit Jui".rc W. W*. Morrow.
AD\~EKTISKME.VTS.
Columbus, Ohio, May 20, 1903.
Six years ago I had a severe attack of
Inflammatory Rheumatism. I was laid up
in bed Tor six months, and the doctors I
had did me no good. They changed med-
icines every week and nothing they pre-
scribed seemed to help me. Finally I be-
fan the use of S.S. S. My knee and elbow
joints were swollen terribly, and at one
time my joints were so swollen and pain-
ful that I could not close them when
opened. I was so bad that I could not
move knee or foot. I was-gett ing discour-
aged, you may be sure, when I began S. S.
S., but as I savr it was helping me I contin-
ued it, and to-day I am a sound well man
and have never had a return of the disease.
S. S. S. purified my blood and cured me
of this severe case of Rheumatism after
everything else had failed. I have rec-
commended it to others with good re-
sults. R. H. Chapmau.
1355 ML Vernon Ave. ■
' The poisonous adds that produce the in-^
fiammation and pain are absorbed into the
blood and Rheumatism can never be con-
quered till these are neutralized and fil-
tered out of the blood and system. S. S. S.
goes directly into the circulation and at-
tacks the disease itself. It purifies and re-
stores the blood to a healthy, vigorous"
condition. It contains no potash, alkali or
S^irak «A U£ as<^ ? Qr physi- ■
cians will advise
matism sent free.
The Swift Specific Company, Atlanta, 6a.
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WARRANTED :
CiiRTERSl CIJRE SICFC nEAU ACHE *
SJSJjTTtE Gfnuina Must Bear
pj JV ER Fac-Simile Signature
■■*■■■■• I /t&e*cs#&S&*£
yearning for the bell. Letcher got the
decision and Leahy was given a medal
on Kddie Graney's suggestion, for his
gritty exhibition.
Jack Conroy, a bantam from the
Hawthorne Club, beat Jack Growley
down in four rounds. The former show
ed nice style and used both hands to
advantage. Pete Sullivan was too
many for Matt Granfleld of the winged
"O." and after Matt had gone down
twice in the first round and once in the
second Graney stopped the go and gave
Sullivan the verdict. Bert March could
nut take Jack McLaughlin's wallops
and his seconds came to his rescue
with a towel in the second.
J. Fitzgerald and J. McMurtry, the
only heavies, mauled each other around
the ring till every one was tired, and
when the latter's seconds tossed in the
distress signal every one felt gratified.
Joe Sonne knew more about boxing
than did Jimmy McBride, another
Olympian, and outpointed his man in
every round. Richard Gordon pot the
decision over Walter Merritt in the mill
that opened up the night's sport.
The tournament will close this even
ing. The following bouts have been ar
ranged: J. Roach vs. Joe Carroll, 103
pounds; W. Lohnson vs. B. Gasslni, 120
pounds; F. Berg vs. W. Dwyer. 120
pounds: J. Gallagher vs. T. Williams,
130 pounds; J. McClair vs. J. Sullivan.
145 pounds; R. Lundie vs. T. Bell, 137
pounds; A. Coughlin vs. J. Walsh,
heavy-weights; Sam Berger vs. Frank
Smith, heavy-weights.
PIPES BARKED
IN QUADRANGLE
Students of Stanford Have
Their Attention Called to
Unwritten Law of College
Special Dispatch to The Call,
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 5.—
"Until very recently the students of the
university" have respected the unwrit
ten law against smoking in and about
the inner quadrangle. Recently this
has been disregarded at the ends of
the arcades and at different places. I
trust that the students will not make
it necessary to change this unwritten
law into a written one. but in any case
the university -will not tolerate smok
ing about the recitation buildings nor
on the steps leading to them.
"DAVID STARR JORDAN."
Such was the order issued by the
president's office this morning:. It
caused a commotion among the stu
dents, who did not know that they had
been breaking any of the university
rules.
It seems that when Stanford was in
its first stages of construction Mrs.
Stanford expressed the wish that as
the university was to be a co-educa
tional institution there should be no
smoking on the quadrangle or near
the recitation buildings. This never
was a written law, but it has been sa
credlj- lived up to by the students. Only
at times has it been broken and then
by freshmen, who were soon told by
upper classmen of the wish of Mrs.
Stanford.
But smoking is a part of the stu
dent's life that he never entirely gives
ud, and the long morning hours grew
dull to the men when they could not
find solace in a quiet smoke. And so
between classes, when there Is a ten
minutes' recess, _ the men students
would P.ock to the eastern entrances
of *he quadrangle, where they would
puff happily away, not dreaming that
the:* were breaking the spirit of the
unwritten rule.
Dr. Jordan saw this, was displeased,
and so issued the order. The students
take the rule in good ptirt.
SANTA ROSA MAY HAVE
NEW ELECTRIC L.IXE
Supervisors Petitioned for Franchise
From Sonoma Through Valley
to City of Roses.
SANTA ROSA. Dec. 5. — To-day A.
Shocken and A. P. Weber of Sonoma
petitioned the Supervisors for a fran
chise to run an electric railroad from
Sonoma through the Sonoma Valley
to Santa Rosa. Capitalists already
have a franchise to run a road from
Sonoma to Embarcadero and tide
water. This will give Sonoma County
two electric railroads.
Pressmen Klect Officers.
The members of the Webb Press
men's Union No. 4 met at Oriental
Hall, Alcazar building, last night and
elected the following officers' to serve
during the ensuing year: President,
T. J. Dinan; vice president, F. Der
monday; financial secretary, R. Es
tudillo; recording secretary, C. R.
Cracier; treasurer, T. E. Farley; ser
geant at arms, J. H. Winfleld.
The following officers were elected
by the Boxmakers' and Sawyers'
Union last night: 'President J. W.
Wilson; vice president, Richard En
nls; recording secretary, E. C. Has
kins; financial secretary, C. F. Cor
rigan: delegates to Labor Council, J.
A. Wilson, W." A. Wilson, W. Mcln
tosh, H. A. Sheppard and H. Mullin.
Thomas Post , Election.
The annual election of officers for
George H. Thomas Post, Grand Army
of the Republic, will take place this
evening at 220 Golden Gate avenue.
Delegates to the department encamp
ment wilj also be chosen. The reg
ular ticket for officers is as follows:
Commander. Charles W. Gordon; sen
ior vice commander, Horace Wilson;
Junior vice commander, B. F.'Hobart;
quartermaster, Charles H.Blinn; sur
geon, H. . McG. -Wilson; ChapUiin,
Charles H. Osborn; officers of the day-
Frank G. Wlsker. A. J. Vining , and
John Rush; officers of the guard, J. A
Plymire; trustees, W." R. Parnell, Phil
I. Fisher and Charles E. Wilson.
ROGERS NOT TO BLAME.— A verdict of
accident was returned by a Coroner's Jury yes
terday.in the, case "of Mrs.- Natalie' Pramberjr
who was ehot on. December: 1 at lilark' Dia
mond by , the unexpected : explosion « of ;: Town
Marshal -Thomas Rogers', revolver, which
dropped ■ from his pocket. ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6. 1904.
ANDREW B. COOK EASILY DEFEATED
BY FERGUSON'S THE MIGHTY.
u Big Bill" Knopf) Fust 071 Two Outsiders
The Lieutenant Drops
in at All Sorts
of Quotations.
BY FRED E. SIUIiHOLLiAXD.
Garnet Ferguson's colt The Mighty
administered a sound drubbing to An
drew B. Cook, the "bush Hindoo," over
the Futurity course at Oakland yester
day, and didn't make any bones over it
either, for he accomplished the feat
with consummate ease. All the friends
of the Cook horse made it a point to be
present, setting in their coin as a help
er in a sawmill would feed a buzz saw,
until the bookmakers were forced to rub
to 11 to 10. This enabled the admirers
of The Mighty to get 2 to 1 for their
money.
Travers rode Cook and experienced
some difficulty in shaking off Tacolaw
and Misty's Pride. This he ultimately
accomplished, though, and a furlong
from the wire looked a possible winner.
When Helgesen on the Ferguson colt
suddenly hove in sight the favorite
squawked ; and was subdued without
difficulty by more than two lengths.
H. L. Frank did not break with the
leaders and was not prominent. Misty's
Pride took the show.
The track over the bay was safe
enough, but speckled and slow. Some
excellent sport was witnessed,, even
though the favorites did fare badly.
Vaughan, Follow Me, Gallant ; Cassie
and The Lieutenant all won at long
odds.
Helgesen didn't do much with Mistle
tide, favorite for the opening seven
furlong event. The filly failed to show
any vast amount of speed, and at the
wire was fifth. The winner turned up
in Vaughan, a 20 to 1 shot, with Harry
Michaels in the saddle, which downed
Harka a length. McBride on Libbie
Candid, a 20 to 1 shot, was third.
Dr. Rowell's mare Briers ran a de
cidedly off race in the mile and a six
teenth selling event. Her price receded
from 3 to 5 to 9 to 10 and she finished
an Indifferent third. Mountebank,
after cutting out the pace, was beaten
in a gallop by Follow Me, a 15 to 1
shot, piloted by Knapp. Galanthus for
a time looked to have a chance, then
the Coffey entry faded away.
"Big Bill" Knapp appeared to have
on his riding clothes, for he came
through in the two-year-old scramble
with another long one.' He had the leg
up on Gallant Cassie, a 20 to 1 neplectr
ed outsider from the Miller stable, and
in a hard drive defeated Head Dance,
the mount of Sullivan, by half a length.
Head Dance closed favorite and only
for being pocketed more than two
.thirds of the route would have scored
hands down. Bob Ragon led Marie J
out for the show. George P. McNear
quit after displa'ying some early speed.
In the fourth, a seven furlong Belling
number, The Lieutenant, a 30 to 1 shot,
was awarded a nose decision over Lit
tle Wally. The odds about the latter
were played down from 7 to 5 to 7 to
10. Hugh McGowan closed very strong
and in a few more strides would have
beaten both of the leaders. Play Ball
did nothing, and Butler's riding of
North* West \vas*as usual a joke.
Byronerdale made it three straight
by capturing the final mile and a fur
long selling affair, closing a 4 to 5 fa
vorite. The big gelding raced Red
Cross Nurse into subjection, then came
home a clever first over . old Major
Mansir. Eight lengths farther away
Flying Torpedo finished third.
♦ : —
TRACK NOTES.
"Big Bill" Knapp and Harry Mi
chaels divided the saddle honors.
Knapp finished first on Follow Me
and Gallant Cassie, while^ Michaels
succeeded in making: the home plate
in front with Vaughan, a 20 to 1 shot,
and The Lieutenant, quoted at SO to 1.
Travers reached Oakland from Ben
nings Sunday night. He did not start
the season auspiciously, for his first
mount was on Dr. Rowell's Briers.
The mare was sore and would extend
herself no part of * the journey.
Travers did some brilliant work in the
saddle back East and will soon get
into his stride.
Frank Eckert is here and his slate
will be in evidence at the next draw
ing.
A. T. Van de Vanter, prime mover
in the Kings County Fair Association
of Seattle, was a visitor at the track
yesterday.
The Broadway Club is another boo_k
that will make the weight on Wednes
day. Spivens, the well-known St.
Louis penciler. will in all likelihood
cut in also.
1 M. D. Miller, the Chicago book
maker and owner of a big stable of
horses, Is a. fresh arrival. One por
tion of his string, in charge of Joe
Stern, has gathered in several purses
at . Oakland. Gold Enamel and
other good ones are now resting at Log
Angeles and will be seen here later
in the season. . - '
Boca, a three-year-old, owned by
Jeff Wells and trained by George Bur
ger, dropped dead on the track yester
day morning.
Allen Avon, the clever two-year-old
in the string of "Kansas" Price, is
dangerously sick and may notrecover.
Allen Avon was formerly the property,
of "Virginia" Bradley, that owner-los
ing him from a claiming race..
The El Primero- stable no longer
owns Head pance. The colt was
claimed from the third race for $825
by Early Wright, owner . of Ross
bourne. Wright also trains the horses
owned by Charley Henshall. V:- ,<-W:
- Ike Hakelberg: and L. Gilbert., two
well-known members of the Metro
politan Turf Association, . will reach
here within the next fortnight. -
Al Waddle, a colt owned by . Sam
Jones of Oregon, .was played from 15
down to 3 to 1 . in the betting on the
first race. It > was such a quiet good
thing that the < ' city poolrooms ' were
flooded with money. Waddle could al
ways step ; three furlongs with rapidity
and he accomplished the feat in the
rare.
Harry Stover chanced a ten-dollar
piece on The Lieutenant Wally Brink
worth bet enough money on his name
sake. . Little Wally. nosed out for first
money by. the Stover , entry, to "pur
chase: a ; house and lot In - booming
Berkeley. ;
Garnet Ferguson's colt has ■ now
eight straight victories ; .to his credit.
, "Chub"; Russell.'.who.ihas been 1 rid
ing,in Austrlafor several seasons/had
the mount on Coloner Anderson in the
last race. 7 , jv i^-.
J; T, Sheehari 5 rode, 'Follow- Me-in a
race^on November 30 and i succeeded
in almost. getting, Ipffaf.the post'
-'_ At a meeting: held by the'- directors
FIGURING ON RECENT FORM,
THESE HORSES LOOK THE BEST
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
First' race — Isabutte, Serenity,
Molto. ,
Second race— Colonel Van, Poxy
Grandpa, Meistersinger.
Third race— Sol Liechtenstein, Doub
let, Budd Wade." .
SAN FRANCISCO CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
OAKLAND, Monday, Dec. 5.— Weather clear. Track slow. ~
7515. FIRST. RACE— Seven furlongs; three- year-olds; selling; value to nrat. <32S. " "
1^ de> l ' Horse and Owner. WtjSt. % . J4. 54." Str. FJn. I Jockey. I Op. CJ.
I5<W |Vaughan (Mrs. Hertzell) 1071 5 6 14 4 2 2 2V41 n 11 IH. Michaels 10 20
i£Os Marka (J. Ryan) 10T| 3 3 % 3 n 4 n 2 Vj 2 IVi'W. Davis.. • 4 5
iY°/i Libbie Candid (Appleby & Co.) 102 7 5 n 6 h 5 2 ?4% 3 2V4 McBride. .. 12 20
i*Ai Box Elder <J. J. Moran)...... 102 ,4- 8 1%8 17 3 7 4 4 2 ' IMoran . 15 60
7474 Mi3tletldo (Mcormead Farm).. 107 8 4 1 5 lfi:i.»,i 3 1U5 2}' a Helgesen .. 8-5" 8-5
J4C7 Maxtress (Kronick & Co.)..:. 102 tt 7 4 2 1 ' 12 fi 1 ' 6 McLaughln 4 11-2
•»xi* War Times (Mrs. Grossham).. 107 2 2 V4 7 2%H n' 6 2 7 3 Crosswaite 10 > 15
6800 Al Waddle (S. J. Jones) ..110 11 % 1 % 8 3 S3 8 4 W. Knapp. 12 9-2
7B0S Walnut Hill (Stevens fc Son). 102 9 » ,9 0 9 9 Bentley ... 20 100
Time— :24i / 4, :5O^4; 1:17%; 1:30^. At post minute. Off at 2:13. Vaughan, place, 7; show,
.«. Harka.: place, S-5; show. 4-5. Candid, show, 3. Winner, ch. g.. by Nephew -Lillie W.
Trained by G. March. Start good. Wen all driving. Vaughan happened to drop out of
the box first.. No clans representeO and anything, had a chance. With a stronger ride
Libbie Candid might have won. Helgesen. on Mlstletlde lost the right address. Al Wad
dle ran two panels, then blew up with amazing pyrotechnlcal effects.
7510. .SECOND RACE — One and a sixteenth miles; 4-year-olds up; sell.; val. to first, $325.
Index Horse and Owner. IWtjSt. V t . %. ■%. Sir. tin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
7495 Follow M*. 6 (Mosier Bros.).. 100 2 2 1 2 1VJ2 3 1 n 1 2%|W. Knapp." 12 "l5
7432 Mountebank, a (Keating) 104 1 11 1 1Y41 % 2 3 ■ 2 2% VcLaughin 4 14-5
(.uOl) Briers, 4 (H. E. Rowell)...... 1O4 4 4 % 4 2U,4 5 3 3 S 7 Travers ... 3-5 9-10
7S01 Galanthus, 0 (Mrs. Coffey)..101 3 .1 H 3 n 3 n 43 42 W. Davis.. 3 v-6
«K>5 Mr. Farnum. 4 (G. Wilson).. 104 5 5 26264 5453 Taylor 15
7513 Theodora L, 4 (P. B. Smith).. 103 « 7 3 6 n 7 n « 1V46 h' jVickery ... 50 100
i4S0 Morengo, a (Maryland StabIe)|10rt 88 8 8 74. 73 Bell 15 30
•7501 Imbecile, 6 (De La Montna)/.|109| 7 0 n 7 2Vi« ',i 8 8 JHelgesen 25 50
Time — :24>,4, :50H. l:Wj. 1:43. 1:49#. At post >£ minute. Off at 2:3S&. Follow, place,
4; show, 3-2. Mountebank, • place, .7-10; show, 1-3. Briers, show, 1-4. Winner, br. g.
by Idalium-Folly. Trained by C. Mosier. Start good. Won easily. Second stopping.
Third easily. Follow Me got away to-day and waa bet on. Mountebank net game when
collared. Briers waddled along like an oil soaked mallard on the Berkeley, mud flats.
Galanthus showed some early speed. Morengo had his usual bunch of speed.
7517. THIRD RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; value to first, $325.
index) Horsa and 'Owner. : IWtlSt. H. vT 5». Str. Kin. Jockty. I Op. ciT
7507 [Gallant Cassie fMrs. Miller) . .'|100 2 ... 2 94 12 11 1 1/ 'm'. Knapp] 20 *»0
7427 |Head Dance (El Frimero Stb)| OS tf ... 5 n 5 h 5 1 2 1 IF. Sullivan 7-2 7-2
7457 Bob Ragon (Summers & Co)jl06 3 ... 4 '3 2 »i 2 44 3 1 |Larsen .... 5 9-2
■ 7481 Marie J (Jones & Lusk) 95 7 ... SI 4 2 4 i' a 4 h Greenfield 8 '7
7507 Ara (Stevens & Son) 106 9: ... f> 2 7 4 6 1 5 In Anderson 15 10
7411 Salable <Blasini:am<? Bros). . .|1C9 10 ... 7^8 1 7 2 »5 IYj Crosswaite 12 15
.... jSt. Denis (D. Zellnsky) J106I 1 . ..*3 % 3 1«$3 h 7 5 Helgesen .. 8 11-2
74»J IGporge P. McNear (H. Stover)ilO« 4 ... 1" h fi 1 8 2 8 n H. Michaels 15 H
»ai5 iGolden Idol (M. J. Daly) '10ti;ll ... 10 % 9 V. 9 » W. Daly... 60 100
74h8 IPrickies (H*. K. Maglll) |lO3| 8 ... «2 10 2*10 10 Travers .... 60 ICO
74S0 (Kossbourne (E. Wright) 1106 12- ... 12 n 12 1 11 11 Kur.z 50 75
|The Gadfly (Keen; & Co) jlOl 13 ...13 -13 12 12 W. Davis.. 6 10
6C2S |San Jose (.G. W. Wilson) 1 «S 5. 11 8 11 13 13 Taylor 50 100
Time— :24Vi, :50>i; l:00',i- At post 8 minutes. Off at 3:12. Cassie, plae\ 8: show, 4. Dance
place, 8-5; show, 4-5. Ragon, show, C-5. Winner, b. f. by Topsallant-Cassadean. Trained
by J. Stern. Scratched — Fay Templeton, Corn Blossom. Start good. Won all driving..
Away well and nicely ridden, Cassie wa3 lucky to win. Head Dance would have rolled
in if- not r>ccket«d mest of the way. Would have won as It wts in a few -more strides
Boh Ragon, en the rail, had to work his way through— Marie J ran well under moderate
handling-. Poorly ridden. Salable ran a smart race. St. Denis will do next time out.
MeNear quit aft=r showing a lot of speed.
751S. FOURTH RACE— Futurity course; purse; three-year-olds and up; value to flrst, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. r WtjBt. yj. Vfe. . %.-,str. Fin. > Jockey. I Op. Cl.
. (7441)|The Mighty. 3 (Ferguson").'. . . 1C3 3 . ."! 5 4 4 n 2 1 l~2~'i Helgesen 8^5 2
7&C2 (A. E. Cook. 3 (Stnfld & Ellis) 107 4 . . . - 3 n 13.1^22* Travers . 7-3 11-10
7423 (Misty's Pride, 4 (S. J. Jones) 105 2 ... 1 % 2 h- 3 1 3 % W. Knapp 10 "0
• •«0!M> jOro Viva.. 4 (Riley.& McRae) 1CS 5... 7 1 «l«i5 2 4 2«,i McBride .. 30 75
/:481) H. U >£rank, t 3 (D-,, Cameron) 100 7 ... 4 %;5 3' 4 3 5 h McLaughn 8 6
7494 Judge. 3 (J. J. McAIester).. 107 0. ... 8 7 n B 3 6 5 H.Michaels 10 15
(5621 Introductor, 6 (T. H. Ryan)..10S 1 ... 6h8 S 72 Vlckery ... 60 200
4^,56 Tocolaw, 3 (WYE. J<nnlngs). . 1103j 8 ... 2 h 3 n ,7 1 8 |W- Davis.. 60 50
Time— :24U.:49li. 1:11. At post 1 minute. Off at 3:34^. Mighty, place, 1-2; out show.
Cook, place, 1-2; shew, 1-4., Pride, show, 5-2. Winner, ch. c. by Prince Royal-Intrusive
Tra'ncd by T. G. Ferguson. Scratched— Stroller. Sacrcdus. fctart good Won easily
Next two stopping badly. Winner had everything his own way from the paddock in'
Cook not overburdened with gameness. Misty's Pride ran a swell race. Oro Viva will be
hard to beat at a trifle longer route. H. L. Frank away left foot flrst. Tocolaw had a
world of speed and will "do" very shortly.
7510. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; value to flrst, $325.
Indexl Horss and Owner. Wt St. %. %. %7~StrT"Fln". Jockey^ j~~bp. Cl.
75C9 The Lieutenant (H. Stover).. I&7 6 4 2 4 v, 3 n In 1 ns H Michaels 12 SO
7505 Little Wally (Brinkworth Co.) 107 2 1 n 2 h 2 1 2 1%2 n Anderson 7-5 7-10
74S4 H.McOo^an (H. E. Rowell). 102 5 5 1 5 5 ;5 3 4 n 35 TraveVs 6 8
7504 Wistaria (Stockton Stable)... 107 3 2 h 1 n 1 2>A3 2 4 2ViiIIeleesen 10 11
7487 Play Ball (M. J. Daly)....... 107 1 8 8 8 «2 5 2>| W Daly 5 ft
7514 North Weet (J. F. Clifford)... 105 4 7 2 « 1 6 1 5^Gh R " Butler" 10 12
7509 Coroner Kelly (Molera & J.).. 105 7 3 h 3 1 4«"3 7 4 \W Davis ' 10 8
7470 Ethel G (E. Belmont). 102 8 0 n 7 1_74 8_ 8 |tS." Bullman 30 100
Time— :24 :4'J%. 1 :15%." 1 :2S%. At post V, minute. Off at 3^7^. Lieutenant.~piaceT 8
show, 3. Wally, place, 2-5; show, out.- Hugh, show, 6-5. Winner ch. g bv Brutus-
Princess. Trained by H. Stover. Scratched— Trapnetter. Start good. Won In a hard
drive of three. The Lieutenant was cut off a couple of times on the back stretch and
then caught Little Wally all in. Former evidently likes a good track. Hugh McGowan
was best and would hav» scored easily at a trifle longer distance. Wistaria tired
Play Ball no speed. Bi/tler :rode North West. -
752O. SIXTH RACE— One and an eighth miles; selling; 3-year-olds and up; to first, $325.
Indexl Horse and Owner. ' IWtjSt. % .■■ Vi. %. iitr. Fin. | Jockey. 1 Op. CK
(74fiO)jByronerdale. 4 (J. M. Crane) 1C6 123 In 11 121411^1^^ Davis 7 in 7~»
7490 IM. Manslr, a (Brinkworth Co.) 10.S « 53 44 22 2 6 2 8 Traven. 4 1
749(i Fly. Torpedo, 6 (L. II. Ezell) 103 2 8 6 5 23n3n At:derson'" 15 l*
73C7 Badly Used, 5 (Multnomah S.) 105 3 3 2 .1 t '3'1U4 2 4 7 Helxesen ' «ft ««
(7500) R.. C. Nurse, 3 (Molera & J.) 9« 5 1 1»,£2 2»/.4 2 5 4 6 10 F Sullivan 7 " -
7476 (Col. Anderson,- 5 (Mclaughlin) 107 4 4 % 5 2 "6 6 6 Russell .*... 20 1?
TIme-»:24V4. :50%, 1:1GU. 1:43. 1:50. At post 2 minutes. Off at 4;24' < i^ ByronerdTle
place. 1-3; Ehow, out. Major, place, 4-5; show, 1-3. Torpedo, *how, v tt-5 Winner b e
by Jim Gore-Brieanza. Trained by J. Dlxon. Start good. Won easily Balance' driv
ing. —Winner, best., Major Manslr is improvinc Too far for Badly Used R«i rv,«
Nurse quit Colcnel Anderson likes a last track. ea tJross
+- . : . : _ • • .
SPLENDID CARD AT OAKLAND.
In the handicap at six and a half
furlongs, to be decided this afternoon,
the fast filly Lietola from the Jennings
stable will try conclusions with Vena
tor, "Military Man and other ' speedy
ones. Another interesting -feature is
the two-year-oid event, in which .will
clash Pelham, The Mist, Estella J,
Hooligan and Sea Air. Altogether it is
one of the best ' cards . of the meeting.
First- race— Six furlongs, maiden three-year
olds and uo. Felling.
74u5 DarkBcme Cl'ouhsy) .."... I 1C7
7XU) Sequel (Stoker) . . . . Ill
CS27 Tarrlsan (McCarty) .. Ill
C314 Serenity (Dayton & Co.).... .107
7407 Molto (Shannon) .111
7407 Majestic (Cascn) ......:....... .111
v. . . Scotch' Boy • (Wentworth)--. .". .... .110
.... Komoko (T. Ryan) ..: ......110
'74S7 Emma Reubold .(Appleby. & Co.) .107
7-1-47 <"anonlcus (Daly) ........... .1C7
74H0 Ledatrix (Elm wood Farm) ...... ■...•103
7509 . Monla . (Ezell) .... : 103
.... Isabutte (Jennings) ................ .107
740.1 Innsbruck (Smith) ........ ......110
7447 La Figaro (West End Stable). ....:: .110
Second -race— One: mile; three-year-olds /and
up. selling.
75011 Sugden (Sturgeon) .....107
745!) Scotsman (Doss) z":'i '.V. .". W.T.Trr."."; . 107
7474 Miss ' Culver (Van Bokkelen). . . . ..... 107
7510 *Foxy, Grandpa (Cortey) .101
7480 Ralnl?r- (Donahue) ....;. 107
'7506 Du«ty. Miller? (Sheridan) •.... ...lOtt
75«6 Vulcaln (Ezell) ..... .^ 110
7482 'Meisterslnger (Hcnshall) ":....... . . .105
7493 *Goldflnder (Fitzgerald & Cree).... ..102
.7514 «Colonpl Van (Fountain) . . ....... . . .107
7461 Lady Kent (Wellman) . . . . ... . . . .... . .107
1 Third race — Six furlongs, four-year-olds and
up. sellincr. ■■".'.:'-'; ---.
7474 Kubcllk (Baird) , • K«
74S5 *SterlinK Towers (Stockton Stable)... 104
'7510 Alice Carey (Fleur, de Lls Stable). ...109
74BT Troy (Gilbert) . .'. . .'- . . . .... . . . . .103
7502 Sol L!cht?nsteln * (Madison) ....:.. ...1C0
7505 'Dr., Sherman (Hoppas) ........... . .104
(7470)Flaunt (Ryan) 10J
750." Glenarvon (Summers) .109
(7ol0)»Mlmo (Sheridan) . .............. 104
; (7402)*Profltable ; (Winter) ....... ...... 104
7490 Bard Burn's (O'Rourke) . . . I'.. ...112
(7338)»Budd Wade (Baker City Stable). ... .104
of the Pacific;' Jockey,^Club yesterday
the -old : officers were re-elected.! .They,
arc as • follows: Thomas "i H.
chairman; .-p. M. '. Burns, Ivice'rchalr-;
man; vAdam- Andrew,! treasurer;: Percy
W.* Treat.i secretary,- and • 'H.' H:"Eg
bert, -° assistant" secretary.' J; Dates Lwill
be!; allotted. at Uhe meeting to be held
Fourth race — Letola, Military Man,
Corn Blossom.
' Fifth race— Pelham, The Mist, Es
tella J.
Sixth race— Isabellita, Bronze Wing,
Major Tenny. .• . v .:
6672 'Idcso (McCafTerty) 104
74f.'J 'Doublet (Fountain)
. Fourth i-racr. six and a half furlongs, all
ages, handicap.
<74SS)MIlHary Man (FerRuson) ..105
<742.V,&ra Voyage (Miller) 80
~To!8 Judfe i McAlester) ICO
<7175)Coni Blossom (Rowell) .."....' SS
.7,405 Lt to!rt ■ (Jennings) 104
(7480) Venator (Kowell) ..10$
rirth race, six furlongs, two-yer-olJs.
purse.
74S."i''E»t-lla J~ (Jennings) /. 103
(7457)Yad.i (Cahll!) 1O«
74f 8 Storma - (Jackson) 1(X!
(7l:!t>)Pelliam • (Ilenshall) .... . . . . r. ... ... . .103
7173 Royal Red <Touhey) ................. 103
. 74S.I Hooligan (Fountain) ...107
(7lS3)The Mist (Hammond) : . : 107
7ls;{ Sta Air (McLaughlin) 103
. . . . Tennyburn (Mrs. C.E. Miller)...... ICC
• Sixth ' race, one rntlc and fifty yards, three
yonr-olds and ' up. : selling.
751.T*Bronze Ming (Fountain) ..........;. 05
7400 Harry Beck (Lynch) .'....-. 100
TrOfi Mc«k?to (Strobel) ■. . ;iOO
■ 75051. 'Instrument (Baird) 1)1
7S01 Achilles (McOibc) 103
7433 R»d Damsel (Russell)....... ....100
74B« 'Major Tenny (Fiedmont Stable)..... 99
7.">Ct> 'Constable (Stockton Stable) 05
(7514)*Isabeima (Harrie) 104
'. 7.*.fle Blackthorn (.Fink) 103
*75ClThe Frttter (O'Rourke) .....:...;... 103
(7SC<>)*Step Around (Boy!?) ... ."..i .Y. ...... lot
.~?>CS .'Moccrito • ( Wcllman) -. .05
•Apprentice allowance. "
WILLE'S FOUL FIGHTING
COSTvIIIM A DECISION
' CHICAGO, Dec. 5:— Jack Root was
eiven the decision on a foul over John
Wille' in the fifth ; round to-night. The
•nen were to, have fought ten- rounds,
but , the foul tactics- resorted to by
Wille^became so palpable in the fifth
r .? u J? d ' after h e had been . repeatedly
warned/that . the referee stopped the
contest and gave the verdict to Root.
. ; Up to : this time the bout was about
even. -Root was the cleverer or the
two, r but : what "Wille lacked : in agility
he made-up in strength. Wille. in en
deavoring to connect with Root's
stomachr; landed, several blows which
Root's seconds 'said 'were "foul. After
Wille^had! landed three of these blows
in: the fifth, round he .sent in another
that iwas plainly, too : low ' and'as a re
auit b.«>:%«a8i disqualified." -
NO DATES FOR RIVAL
NEW ORLEANS TRACK
Western Jockey Club Turns
Down Corrigan's Appeal.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 5.— The stewards of
the "Western Jockey Club held their an
nual - meeting: to-night, and, after the
re-el*ction of four officers, whose terms
had expired, for another two years,
allotment of racing dates for 1905 was
taken up. What was prophesied as a
peace conference terminated In a gen
eral wrangle. Turfmen representing
the new race tracks of Hot Springs
and New Orleans were the fighting
factions.
William Shannon, Jerome Respess,
and Judge Joseph A. Murphy attended
the meeting In the Interest of the Es
sex race- track, while Dan A. Stuart
guarded the welfare of tTie Oaklawn
course, which, it was thought, woula
not be completed this winter.
Assured that the Oaklawn track
would be, ready on February 1 for rac
ing, matters have taken a change. The
Oaklawn track was therefore granted
thirty, days, beginning February 1, the
"HILDE" MEETS
WITH ACCIDENT
Hachnieister Tumbles and
Breaks Neck and Popular
Jockey Is Badly Bruised
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 5.— Jockey
Hildebrand's mount In the first race'at
Ascot to-day, Hachmelster, crossed his
less and fell shortly after the start.
Hildebrand was badly shaken up and
bruised, but It is thought that his in
juries are not serious and will not pre
vent him from riding again within a
week or ten days. Hachmeister's neck
was broken and he died in a few min
utes. Mary's Gallant, with M. Lynch
up, fell over Hachmeister, but neither
the jockey nor horse was hurt.
Gold Rose, Morris' fine two-year-old
filly, demonstrated to-day that she is
a horse of class. She won the third
race from Tramotor, Golden Boy and
Belle Kinney, stepping: the five fur
longs in 1:00 flat and winning by half
a dozen lengths pulled up to a canter.
Jockey Fuller rode his first winner to
day, landing Hans Wagner in front in
the fourth race at one and a sixteenth
miles, Chub second and Harbor third.
The last race furnished a close and
exciting finish Bath Beach,
the favorite, and Dan Collins, the lat
ter winning by a head. Doily WeithofC
third. Only two favorites were suc
cessful. - Summary:
First rate, five furlongs — Forerunner. 113
(Lawrence), 4 to 1, won; Fer de Lance, 107 <E.
Walsh). 12 to 1, second; Revel. 107 (Fuller),
ex-en, third. Time. l:C2Va. Black Joe. Hach
melMter, Slnicado and Mary's Gallant also ran.
Second race, seven furlongs, selling: — Potrero
Grande. 101 illcDanlel). S to 1, wen; Goldtn
Light. 107 (E. Walsh). «*4 to 1. second; Nan
tor, 112 (Fuller). 1 to 2. third. Time. 1:28^.
MacSyle. niueridce, Mordente, Cane Jo and
Jerry F'anigan also ran.
Third race, purse, five furlongs — Gold Rose,
95 (E. Walsh), 1 to 2. won: Tramotor. 00 (Mil
ler), 3** to 1. secend; Golden Boy, 107 (Fuller).
12 to I. third. Time, l:C0. Belle Kinney also
ran.
Fourth race, one and a sixteenth miles, sell-
Ing — Hans Wagner, 111 (Fuller) U to 5. won;
Chub. 110 (Clark), 2Vi to 1. second: Harbor,
111 (Kent). 4 to 1. third. Time. 1:47 H- Tryon
and Iras also ran.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Ul!oa. 90
(Kent). 10 to 1, won: LJberto. 88 (Booker), IS
to 5. second; Erne. 94 tMcDaniels), 6 to 5,
third. Time. l:42Vi. The Covenanter Exapo.
JmRler, Pilot and Mr. Robinson al»o ran.
Sixth race. Slauson course, selling — Dan Col
lins, 114 (E. Walsh). 2H to 1, won; Bath
Beach. 112 (Booker), even, second: Dollie "VVeit
hoff. 1C9 (Lawrence). 4 to 1. third. Time.
l:101J. Ajrnes Mack. Skirmish, Landseer and
Lauretta Phillips also ran.
WANTS JUDGE HART RESTRAINED.—
The Supreme Court yesterday listened to argu
ments In the proceeding Instituted by M. Cof
fey to restrain Superior Judge Hart from hear
ing the suit brought against the petitioner as
Chief of Police of Sacramento. The Grand
Jury formally accused Correy of misconduct In
office for not clcsing up gambling games In
the capital city and the District Attorney
roujrht to oust him from his position. Chief
Coffey says the municipal Board of Trustees
has exclusive authority !n tne case. The Su
preme Court continued the case. V
'APVKUT1S1I31EXT.S. ''
1 1 Feel Like a New Man. 1
« o
O jtMMviawm.iiiumiLjwDiu-ij.jiji Here comes the good news from Ar- a
$ | i^ j^mfflnW|mf#X|->X^ : ?V nold F. r.prri of Marshall. Cal.. whr> £>
<S ■ M^^lj^^^^Ljr' - * us ' a ew days. I have laid it aside and
O ' feel like a " nf>w man aRd Perfectly «->
O &$h&y&r 4k* **«>w^^^S^^^^^ rheumatism and back pains, a dull ache A
O fis^^ t%® "^raFl^^lS^*^^ and weakness over the kidneys. dull X
S fflo headaches, with a tired, stupid fpeling? §
Sfefi *'?, ",,,-' f^.' ' *, feel yourself growing aged before your X
I ilP^ *y^JB^^ . |
» l«i'"'v*«?4L -s.* 1 * -^^^^^^f^ Kor a ease of N"°^-ous Debility. Varlco- §.
» W^J- >MMMf cele. Rheumatism. Lame Back. Lumbago. V
Q -V \~ * ■"" jKflPflH^ffigf Sciatica, any case of Kidney Disease '.V
$ )flBBBH| ™TT that nas not Knnf> as ar as Bright's Di"<-
i 'gaPI^^^^HIBfc^^flfl^J^^^^^g weakness which I car.not cure with ray !r
■& W-^flmn^BiMBw^aB new Im P roved Klectric Belt, the marvel
' Q This Electric Suspensory carries tAe §
O current direct and cures all weaknesses ;*
Q of men. varlcocele. etc. It develops and expands all ~ weak nerves and x
Q checks a loss of vitality. No case of Failing Vigor, Varicocele or Deblilty x
O can resist this powerful Electric Attachment. It never fails to cure. • 9
•0: Mr. Fred Grinter of San Martin writer: "Tour Belt is helping me right alco«. X
| V and I can truthfully say that after one month's use of it I feel better than I havt x>
I O " for years past." JJ
1 S No man should be weak, no man should suffer the loss of that vitality $
I W .which renders life worth living. No man should allow himself to beceme V
5 less-a man than nature Intended him. no man should suffer when ther<» is V
,S at hand a certain cure for his weakness. My Electric Belt with special $
; g Klectrlc Suspensory', will restore your power. It will check all loss of viral v
> S power and affects every organ of the body. * O
6 Mr. Arnold F. Berrl of Marshall. Cal.. writes: "I have laid, the Belt asid». I $
8 feel like a new man and am perfectly cured." . O
*• I have cured I thousands of men who have squandered the savings of $
> K .years in useless doctoring. : S
« An^old man of 70 says he feels as strong and. young as he did at 35. X
£ That shows it renews the vigor of youth. It cures Rheumatism. Sciatic §
g Pnins. Lumbagot Kidney Trouble. Banishes Pain In a night, never to return. $
« : FREE B'»OK 7™,^ ™Z l% - , Wrlt » me to-day for my beautiful iUu*- X
1 SESrf? -™'.^v"srv SS S „ §
O-. be cured and clve jou a Tree test of my Belt. CONSULTATION FREE. $
§ dr. m. c. Mclaughlin, 9 ?^ v,*^* 1 f^??*- t
ft Office Hour.:_8 » m to 8 t B. m . Sunday.. 10 to 1. - S«attU Offlc*. X
Hot Springs Jockey Club being tfven
the next thirty days.
The Jockey Club refused to give
dates to the New Orleans Jocke> Club,
which was represented by Ed. Corri
gan, Francis Trevelyan, ••Tctnmy"
McGee, George E. Fredericks and J.
H. del Corval. This is a new race
track, which probably will be finished
this winter, and is to run in opposition
to the old Crescent City Jockey Club,
represented bv President Bush.
A hot fight was made on the Union
Jockey Club of St. Louis, the outlaw
track represented by Captain- Carmody,
and It was refused dates.
.Contrary to expectations, little Inter
est centered on the local race track
situation.
"AH of the Chicago jockey clubs
were given the dates asked for," said
one member of the "Western Jockey
Club after adjournment. TMe other
dates allotted were the same AS last
year.
SIX -DAY RICE
EULL OF FALLS
Cyclist Keegan Is Badly
Injured, but He' Pluckily
Returns to the Track
NEW YORK. Dec. 5.— The first tert
ous accident in the six-day bicycle race
at Madison Square Garden occurred
early to-day, when Patrick Keegan, the
Lowell, Mass., boy. was so badly hurt
that he was forced to leave the track.
While the men were engaged in a
heart-breaking sprint Hockowitz sud
denly went down, and Agraz of the
Australian- American team, who was
following close behind, crashed into
him. Just as both riders started to
slide down the embankment Keegan
came around at a terrific burst of
speed. His wheel struck Rockowitz and
Agraz with terrible force. Keegan
struck on his face on the board track.
He was a pitiable sight. His face was
covered with blood, which flowed from
his nose and from a deep cut across
his forehead, and his nose was broken.
Keegan's hurts were dressed by a
physician, and after a rest of an hour
or more he appeared on the track with
his head swathed in bandages and re
lieved his partner. Logan. He proved
his eameness by a remarkable burst of
speed as^oon as he took his place.
Frank Kramer, the champion sprinter
of the world, equaled the world's rec
ord for an indoor quarter-mile durln?
the afternoon, making: the distance in
24 2-5 seconds.
To-night the riders settled down to
their monotonous work, spurts being
few and fruitless. Some of the many
spills resulted in severe bruises. At 3
o'clock the leading thirteen teams were
nineteen, miles and eight laps behind
the record.
Frank Kramer, the American cham
pion, and Friol. the French champion,
to-night rode the first of three sprint
races, one-half mile, for the world's
championship. Kramer won in 1:14 1-5.
Kramer also won the second race.
Prlol led until the last hundred yards
was reached, when Kramer sprinted
and won by about six inches.
The midnight score in the six-day
race was: Walthour-Munro. Gougoltz-
Breton. Vanderstuyft-Steel, Dussol-
Mazan. Butler-Moran; Palmer-Agraz.
Samuelsan-Williams. Maya-Newkirk.
Bedell-Bedell. Root-Dorton, McLean-
Fowler, Turville-Mettling. Keegan-Lo
gan, each 480 miles 8 laps; Caldwell-
Hooper, Sulkins-Rockowitz. Downlng-
Llmberg, Krebs-Folger, each 4S0 miles
1 laps.
Record, twenty-four hours— 510 miles
1 lap.
DIES OF FRACTURED HKVIX.— Daniol
McKenzte died at th<« Emergency Hospital last
night of a fracturc.1 skull, lie was four.S in
«n unconscious condition at ThJrd and Minna
streets early In the afternoon.FEARS FOR THE MAKAWELI'S SAFETY
IS DISPELLED BY VESSEL'S ARRIVAL
Barkentine Safe
in Mazatlan
Harbors
Loses Man Over
board in Puget
Sound.
The barkentine Makaweli. which
some supposed lost on the shores of
Vancouver Island and for the safety
of which all interested in vessel or crew
experienced irrave anxiety, arrived yes
terday at Mazatlan. She reached the
Mexican port with spars and sails In
tact and her cargo of coal in good con
dition. The only mishap of the voy
age vrzs the death by drowning of Neils
Olson, who fell overboard while the
veseel was skirting the Vancouver Isl
and coast. It was the finding of, the
life preserver thrown to Olson -that
added force to the rumor of the ves
sel's destruction.
The men that find things on the beach j
of Vancouver Island are somewhat giv
en to enlarging upon their own conclu
sions in the reports sent out to the
world of their discoveries. By the time i
the tale of the finding of the Maka- i
well's life preserver reached the Mer- I
< hams' Exchange at this port, it was a ;
full grown story in which the life pre- [
server was a mere incident. Wreck
age had been found, said the report, '
part of the Makaweli's rail had been
picked up and the remnants of her
deckhouses and parts of her hull were
littering the beach. The shore of Van
couver Island was strewn with sou
venirs of the Makaweli, including, so
thf report read, the cargo cf lumber
with which the fine, new barkentine
wa= loaded. It wa.« this reference to- \
lumber that modified the effect of the {
report, as the Makaweli was carrying
.coal.
Hind. Rolph & Co. expressed confi
dence in the safety of their vessel from
the first and the underwriters, after
analyzing the report found in it little to j
worry them. To the friends and rela
tive* of the captain and his wife, and
of the officers and crew, the report
caused considerable worry and the an
nouncement of the Makaweli's safe ar
rival at Mazatlan will be welcome news
in many Quarters.
Vot a Success as a Ttnvboat
wi;en th» rfarn Fchoner Noyo passed thrctjh
the h-ads en Sunday with tne schooner Geor*e
: Billings In tew *he snorted with all the
fri<i* r* an ocean- *oin* tug. Steamer and
schooner were bound fer Eureka and all went
Fwlrr.rr.in^y until Sunday night, when the
f«»-.i in the -irtnity of tne lightship bepan
■to lounre th* Georr- E. Bllilnc. like a rubber
ball. The BJUinRs was without ballan. She
fc*t the water like a balloon and entered Into
th* rarr.e cf pitch and tcs« with such lest
tfcat. jun as the Xcyo'e mate told Lars Hacsea
to rin« four bfl>. snap went the hawser that
mea.ru the transportation to Eureka fcr the
.Inps. Another hawser was put into com-
B^JMcoJ but at 8 o'clock yesterday mcrnin*
fhar a>o t*rrled away. The Xoyo returned
.or another hawser, but vu not allowed to
j-laj tnwbcat any more. Tbe tug Pea Rorer
wa» »er.t to brin« back the BlUimea and the
Nero started for Eureka aloae. The CSUinya
»;n be towed bv «onje other steasaer probably
the Francis H. Legsett.
♦
Ffuch to Command Contic
Captain Wl!!im Fir.ch. commander of the
fVc.decta! and Oriental Steamship Company'*
Mner Gaelic, win" not follow the fortunes cf
that vessel when she hauls down the O an!
<J. fiar at Hongkong. Word came yesterday
frcra the White Star Lines Liverpool office
•pp^lntln* Finch to the command of the CV>p
tic. the transfer to taJte piac* when the llaer«
meet In the Far East. Captain Beadnell of
the Ccptic •m-UI probably take the Gaelic home
to England, althourh it Is possible that to
Captain Smith of the Doric may be as#i*nt-4
•hat duty. In that event Captain Beadnt-1!
woald probably be trar.arerred to the Doric
and r«naln In this s*r\1ce until that vessel Is
retired ;rom the run.
\t the Harbor 'Hospital
P. \ . Eaiedn cf KO Leaveaworth itreet tried
to ecmsiit salclde resier'ay morning by inhal
te* Illuminating K»» through a rubber tube In
a rocni in the rear of the saloon at 500 Howard
»ir**t. He «u uncontdoiit wrhen found but
recoxered «ufflciect!y in the afternoon to be
removed from the Harbor Hospital to his home.
Ma&cel Ttrpraao. a fisherman who Ilve« at
22 BrcaJway. accHentally shot hJinself In the
cheek wblie < >.zrr.\r.:r z a cm&I] rifle. The bul
let wousd was dressed at the Harbor Hospital.
»
Overdue Troop at Gape Town.
The overdue British bark Troop arrived Sun
day at Cape Town. She «•■ aJmost without
«a!!» and will hav« to refit before proceeding.
the is bound from Manila for Delaware Break
water. The rate en reinsurance en the British
f •< i-~.it:;- Ffcre»»bury. out 25 <!ayB from Slcga.
pore for Hoc*kon«. «u advanced yesterday to
fiO p»>r cent. The other overxiaea are quoted
as foMovrc: Pitc*!rn i.-:«r.i. 10 per cent; Stcrk
and Sdlth Mary. S5 per cent.
Th« steamship Athenian, from Vancouver, ia
thre« days overdue at YcKoT^ica.
XTTSVS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchant*.
The British «h!j> Tborniiebank was clear*}
yefterfar fcr Qaeeimowa. for orders with
T5.«TO ctJi wheat. vaJu«d at $116.7(4. and
20.000 ft lus&ber aa dunnage, valued at $300.
A Cargo for Ililo.
The afcip Fall* of Clyde esUrd on Satuniay
fcr HIlo with an awsrted rr.trrhar.2Ue cargo.
ve".-< i at IS9.100 8T.1 including th« follow*
£25 bbU flour. 91 ctto wheat. 4419 ctU bar
!•>>•. 206 ctl» oat*. II ctl» corn. 350 bale* bar.
lvl5 lbs b«*n*. €5.378 Iba braa. 10.00S Iba
eiliCiim^, <fi.C00 ;»•• rlc«. 5700 rait wtne 20*
rkce VotMtcta. 2l-cna cnlon*. 200 lbs raiilnii.
2<i20 lbs S cs c«ia«h. ft bbla salnion. 10 pkg«
i d - 55 pk ** fre * h '"»»«. M «• canned
iroo<i». .■» pkn »Tocert«« and provisions. 769
tS. V 1 " 1 14 00 ° llv « «*it. 500 !b§ m«al«. 443.4*0
lb» Jenl'.'.ser. 13S « gasoline. 12 pkr» mi
chJaery. 50 na olU. 41 Mil paper 72 bx«
-- p ±^ ■ d U- 6 ««rlctiltBral lmpleiaent*.
B3 ".- f-% 2 cows.
— • —
Kxports by the San Juan.
for the »«hir.ni of Panama and wav rv»rt«
iitxlc TiJ[;'* <>l: Ontral America, $22,160- Pan-
nail.. 2210 Ib. rolphur. 124 pkiTuSk r^|!
To Central America— 1831 bbls flour 1519
ctl» ran. 77.SW It* rlc*. 745 crti 4-tat£«
11 4« lb» rairln,. 3540 lb* lard, 3S T i£ ££
reries and rwovlt'.oni. 30 ee ctnsrt ry'd«
1230 n» coC!Uh. IS c. olive o!U 7 c« 5^et
Ml -nil wine. WcilJ *»!, thirty. 7 ?0 S
*plce«. 37 pkt» frwh frolu. 42S lb» dried fruit
C81 lbs nrtJi. 27.2S7 lb» tallow. 4 pkc« m.1
ehlnery. 17 as 1 bbl lnbrtc«tinr oil. 3 bale,
b«*. 2 « dror». 45 Ml. pipe. 45 « tar S
c« coal oil. 3 c» r'Joir*. 6 bales calf skins" 41
UIt<5 paper.
To P&neaia— COO , bbl« flocr. O/X) ral» win?
SO crt« onion*. JK) crt« potatoe«. 25 cs whifkv"
lono bjLj «o»t>.-20 c* painu. 1 unk add.
To New Tort— 7O.I13 gale wine. 31.000 th»
be«i!i!, W.C15 lbs ar;.hal!iun, I2.flO lbs dry
tklte. laSSl lb« lead «iros«, 20 c» drurs. 1«1
To Jaisaica — 3S cs canned ealff
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Uc!te<J States Comst and Geodetic Survey —
Time «nd Htigh: of High and Low Water*
at Fort Point, entrance to San Francisco
Bay. Published by cfflcial authority of tn»
Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city Trent <Mitsien-Mxeet wharf) about 25
nilflutti later than at Fort Point; the height
of tide U the jarr.e at bcth places.
TVESDA.T. DECEMBER 6.
Pun rise* 7:12
Sun sets ..; 4:Z0
Moor. rUts (nur) 6^13 a. m.
C .'Time, ITitnei jTlmel jTlme:
£ ! ( Ft. I j Ft. f ( Ft. Ft.
e 3:53,' 2.e'10:13P 6.2] 5:CSS— 0.9;
7 O'Ot' 4.T 4:*0: S.S'lO:^ 6.0 5:47 —1-1
8 Oisd 4 f-\ 5:21! S.0>U:35l 5. *\ 6:31 1—1.0
9 1:43' 4.6; 6:12; 3.0!l2:17; 5.5' 7:lSj — 0.7
10 •2:::^' 4>! 7:02! S.I' 1:05* 5.2! 7:571— O.I
11 3:18' 4.S- 6:0Oj 3.1 1:56; 4.6- 8:42 0.2
12 i 4:06! 4-» 9:io! 3.l| 2:46; 4.2; 9:24J O.g
NOTE— In the »bov» exposition of th« tl(S»e
the «arly nsominK tides ar* given In tbe left
hand column and the successive t!<!e» of th»
«Jar in the ord^r of occurrence as to time: the
fourth time column give* the laat tide of th»
ixy. except when there are but three tides, as
rometlBie« occurs. The height* riren axe la
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( — )
«:rn precede the height, and then the number
r'.ven Is subtracted from th* • depth given by
the chart*. The plane of reference is the meaa
of th» lower low waters.
' "TInie Ball-
Branch Rydrcwrarhlc Office. U. B. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. CaJ.,
December 3 190*. -
The Time Ball on the . tower «rf . th« ._F«rry
bundles was dropped exactly at noon to-day —
1. «. at noon of the 120th meridian.' or at &
p. xn. Greenwich time; . J. C BURNETT.
Ueuieaast. U. S. N., In ctarg«-
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer, j . From. I Due.
Empire.......' Coos Bay Dec. 61
Elizabeth Coquille River |Dec. •<
Ncruxod j Gray» Harbor 'Dec. Ci
Siberia • China & Japan....' D -.«.-. n
Arcata -Coos Bay :D»c. 6
Pono * Point Area*. * Albloa.jDec. fe
I Alameda I Honolulu 'Dec. 0
Bonita , N'«wport & Way Poris.'Drc. 8
J. HlSKla* 1 Redoodo <Dec. 7
Wellington — ■, Oyster Harbor -. . ] Dec. 7
Tltanta , O>n»r Harbor IDec. 7
Eureka ! HumbuMt [Dec. 7
Ccrona | Ectnboldt Dec. 7
Sequoia j Wll'.apa Harbor Dec. 7
City Puebla.. j Pujcet trour.d Ports ' Dec. i
Aure'.la 'Portland £ Astoria [Dec. 7
j Santa Rosa...; Ban Diego & Way Pu.iDec. ?
I i'o:nt Arena. . ; Xendodno & Pt. Arena Dec. 8
j Arro i Eel River Ports jDec. S
j Breakwater. - Cocs Bay (Dec. 3
1 Newport ' Ne* York via Anccn..lD*c. 8
Cestralla ; San Pedro : Dec. 0
EaxosJa j Hamburg & Way Ports. I Dec 9
Nevadan Honolulu & Kafculul.. Dec. 'j
Homer*, Grays Harbor .Dec. V
Coos Bay .£u Pedro & Way Pt«. Dee. 10
Columbia .Portland & Astoria Dec. 10
Mackinaw i Tacoma |Dec. 10
Ne-wburs j Grays Harbor (Dec. 11
G. Lindaucr. .: Grays Harbor Dec. 11
Arctic j Kun-.boldt 'Dec 11 i
State cf Ca!.. 1 San Diego & Way Pt«. Dec. 12
Mene« - Seattle Dec 32
Rainier : Seattle ft B*Mi!Kham.. ; Dec 12
G. Dollar Grays Harbor jDec 12
Venturm : Sydney & Way Ports. ] Dec 1"
Urr.atl'.ia j Puget Sound PorU....Dec. 12
J«anle ' £eattl« A Ttcoma IDee. 12
N'ortli Fork ... Hunboldt Dec 13
City Pekins..; NVw Ycrk via Anoon..D-d 14
F. A. Ktlburn Portland & Coos E&y. Dec 14
O. W. Elder. . ' Portland * Astoria |Pec. 15
TO SAIL.
Bteamer. 13 Destination. Sails. I Pier.
_ Deceznter 6. |
Czarina Coos Bay direct... 5 pmjPlcr 8
wc » d ---' Lo« Amceles Ports. 2 pmjPler 3
Kedoado...j Portland * Way.. 6 pm.'Pitr 2
I* 0151 * 1 "* , Brattle dlrrct 4 pm,'Pier a
Eazitetb.. , cooui lie Rtrer .... 5 pm Pier 20
Q 0 *" 1 Poaret Soand Porta. 11 amjPler 4
Decembsr 7. ( '
6. Monica.. Ora>-8 Harbor .. 4 pmiPler 2
•Arctic Humboldt S am;Pler 2
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 amjpur 11
December 8. • . , |
Sute of Cal g, a D t e g O a Way. 9 atnjPier 11
Poaa Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pa! Pier 2
Arcata ojo, B . & Pt. Ortd!l2 mJPier U
*■ ■£?•■*:;•• Homboldt | » am {Pier 20
G. W. Elder Astor t. & Portland' 11 am, Pier 24
December 9. 1 I
Centralia.. Gray* Harbor ..,4 pm|Pler 10
Corona.... H'jmboldt' |l:SUp;Pler i»
Honita....'. Newport * W»y,.l a am f>i»r n
Eureka.-..- Humboldt J 9 amjPier 13
December 10. |
Breakwater Coos Bay direct... 6 pm|Pler S
Point Areca Point Arena ...... 4 pmiPler 2
Axft-o. ..>... Eel River Ports... 4 pmlPier 2
Aurelia.... Attcria ft; Portland 4 pns'Pler 27
SecuoU.... willapa. Harbor .^ 12 .mPier 20
Alaracda... Honolulu-. 11 an | Pier ;
City s>dne3 k. T. via Ancon.. 12 mJPIcr 40
" ■ \ December 11. j
CltyPnebla' PuRet ?ound Ports. 11 am' Tier 9
g. Roea.... i £an Diego'* Way.! 9 am Pier 11
December 12. \ 1 -
Pomona.... Humboldt |l:30 r Pier t
December 13. I 1
Coo« Bay.. 6an Pedro & Way..| ft aaJPler 11
Cclucitsa.. Astoria & Portlandill am;Pier 2*
Gaelic China * Japan j 1 pmjPier 40
Nevadan... Hono. & Kahulul. iPler —
Homer Grays Harbor I 4 pm|Pier 10
; December 15. | |
lO Dollar... Grays Harbor j 4 pmiPler 10
Ne«burg... Grays Harbor I 4 pmlPler 10
; December 18. I I •
Umatllla... Puget Sound Porta. ill am Pier 9
Jearl*. .' Seattle A Tacc3<«..l o pm:Pler 2p
FROM SEATTLE.
Steanaer.V { Deatlnatlon. I Sails.
Jefferson • Skagway & Way Porta.iDec. 8
PorUand i Cooks Inlet * Way Pt»|Dec. lu
Huniboldt.. .. ,' Skaxway ft Way Forts. 'Dec. 13
IKarallon...:. ! Skagway * Way Port*. (Dec. 14
Banta Clara. .! Se!dov!a & V\'ay Ports. |Dee. 1C
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED
Monday, December 5.
Slmr Geerre W. EId«r. Randall. 69 hours
from Portland, via Astoria 46Vj hours.'
Sunr Gipsy. Gray, "fj hours from Monterey
and wey oorts.
Sunr Fulton, Panxer, 12 hours " from . Byx
bet'» Lanillar., '
. Fticr Aicazar. Wintel, 16 hours from Green
wood, up rlvw d!rect.T*«Ujtiii ■ ' UUBBWHBsWfll
Etnar Vanguard. Odland, 24 hours from Eu
rtka. bcun J touth. nut in • to lend passengers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, TUESDAYS DECEMBER 6. 1904.
SCHOONER GEORGE E. BILLING?.
WHICH BROKE LOOSE WHILE
BEING TOWED TO EUREKA.
Weather F.eport.
(120th Meridian. Pad He Time.)
BAM FRANCISCO. Dec. 6—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for the previous day:
Boston 34-20 New York 32-2*
Chicago 24-20: Philadelphia 36-26
Cincinnati 36-26 Pittsburg 34-2«5
Honolulu, H. T.. 78-72, St. Louis 34-25
Jacksonville 66-CO, Washington 34-24
New Orleans CS-66
SAN FRANCISCO 68-48
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date a* compared with those of the same daw
la« season and the rainfall in the last twenty,
four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 00 9.06 4.31
Red Bluff 00 10.79 8.45
Sacramento ! .CO 7.59 3.56
San Francisco 00 8.60 4.42
Fresno 00 6.06 .68 ■
Independence 00 '.43 » .42
San Luis Oblnpo .00 4.73 .50 !
Loa Angeles 00 1.4S .43
San Diego 00 .23 .07
THg COAST RECORD.
STATIONS. | |||| |I g* §
i £ 5 : r §
1 * * • : ?
Baker 80.S8 3S 48 XW Clear 00
Carson 3U.36 40 8 NE Clear .00
Eureka 30.14 54 40 W Pt.Cldy 00
££ 8ni1 80.14 M 34. SE Clear .00
SE. Farallon..30.08 CO 54 NW Clear 00
Flagstart 30.10 30 24 NE Snow 0«
Pocatello 30.42 40 4 W Clear .00
Independence .30.13 51 30 W Clear 00
Lob Angeles...30.04 70 CO NE Clear 00
Mt. Tam&l[>ais.3G.ll 61 42 E Clear 00
North Head...30.20 52 42 E Cloudy 00
Phoenix 30.08 60 40 E Pt.Cldy 00
Ft. Reyes Lt..30.07 60 50 W Clear .00
Portland 30.22 44 32 E Clear .00
Red B'.uff 30.10 CO 3S SE Clear 00
R<»S!bur& 30.IS 40 32 N Clear 00
SaraniMUo ..30.12 5fl 34 BE Clear 00
Salt Lake 30.34 42 20 NW Clear 00
San Franciseo.30.14 M 48 NE Clear 00
S. L. Obl»r©...30.06 CS 46 NE Clear .00
San Diego 29.9S CO 54 ; NE Pt.Cldy .00
Seattle '.30.14 42 2* SW Pt.Cldy .00
Spokane 30.40 36 22 NW Pt.Cldy .00
Tatoosh .".0.16 48 46 E Cloudy Of>
WaJla Walla..3Q, 44 32 26 N Cloudy 00
Wlnnemucca ..30.34 44 12 SW Clear 00
Yuma 30.06 24 38 N Pt.Cldy .CO
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The weather continues clear over the Pacific
Slope, but snow Is falling: In Northern Ari
zona.
Unusually dry weather Is reported at Los
Anff|«. wit*» fresh easterly winds. Cloudy
weather prevails rrom Sun Oieeo to Vuraa.
Light frosu are rrobable Tuesday morning
in Central and Northern California.
Forecast mude at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. December 6:
California, north of Tehachapl—Fair Tues
day: light east wind*; lisht frosts Tuesday
morning. • '-
California, south of Tehachapi —Fair Tues
day, "xce^t cloudy in southeastern portion;
light northeast winds.
Nevada —Fair Tuenday.
San Francisco and vicinity —Fair Tuesday
light east winds.
Lcs Anireles and vicinity —Fair Tuesday;
liitht corthcant winds.
Sacramento— Fnir Tuesday; light frost ir
morning; Urht east wind.
Fresno —Fair Tuesday; light frost in raorn
ing; licht nonheast wind.
A. G. McADIE. District Forecaster.
+ h
.
Stmr Charles Nelson. Christensen. 92 hours
from Seattle, bound for San Pedro, called In
to land passengers.
Stmr North Fork. Nelson, 28 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr State cf California. Thomas. 41 hours
from San Diego and way ports.
Btmr Santa Monica. Olsen. 73 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Enterprise. Younggren. % days 22 hours
from Hilo.
Stmr Coquille River. Adler. 48 hours from
San Pedro.
Schr George E. Billings, Birkholm. from
sea, on account of hawser from stmr Noyo
parting:. *r-
Srtir Fortuna, Holmstrom. 23 days from Ev
erett.
Schr Jennie Griffin. Gibson, 3 hours from
Bolinas.
Srhr Virginia. Nieleon, 9 days from Port
land.
. CLEARED.
Monday, December 5.
Br *hip Thornliebank, Smith, Queenstown*
J. X. Moore & Co. .. '
SAILED.
Monday. December 5.
Stmr Noyo. Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr Vanguard, .Odland. San Pedro.
Stmr Whitesboro. Frederickson. Point Arena.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nlcolaon, San Pedro
Stmr Del Norte. Payne., Crescent City
Stmr Olympic. Hansen. Grays Harbor
sftmr Charles Nelson. Christiansen,' San
Pedro.
Stmr- South Coast,' Olsen.' Caspar.
Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, Grays. Harbor
Stmr Fulton. Panzer, Westport. " "
Ger bark Stelnbek. Giertz. Newcastle' Au»
Schr BeW.e K. Stark. San Vicente Landing!
.... TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec. 5. 10 p. m.—Weather
hazy and caJm.
RETURNED.
Dec 5 —Stmr Noyo. Johnson, henc* Dec A
tar Eureka, with schr George E. Billings In
tow, returned en account, of carrying away
hawser, and returned to San Francisco for new
one.
'SPOKEN. •
Per schr Virginia." Dec 5," off lightship— Schr
Marconi, from Wiliapa Harbor, for San Fran
cisco, and a three-masted. schooner. *; - ■
- DOMESTIC PORTS.- -■
SEATTLE — Arrived " Dec 5—Stmr Cottage
City, from Skarway.
Arrived Dec 5, 4 p.'m—Stmr Jefferson,. from
REDONDO-^Salled> Dec 5— Stmr>'Melville
Dollar, for San T~i illn 'iitfTWiifbiillluOf iliUiijiM
K Arrive Dec 5—Stmr laqua, henc« • Dec.", 8;
•cbr Ruth , E.: Godfrey, from ■ Ballard -
EUREKA— galled Dec 4— Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco, not Pasadena. ■
Arrived Dec 4 — Stmr Pasadena, hence Dec j
3: stmr Phoenix.' hence Dec 3. Dec S — Stmr •
E. H. Kruger. hence Dec 4; stmr San Pedro, !
hence Dec 4; etmr Eureka, hence Dec 4. '
TATOOSH— Pae»ed Dec 5 — Bark Edward I
May. hence Nov 20. for Tkcoma. «
Passed in Dec 5 — Stmr Asuncion, hence Dee
2. for Seattle; ittnr Jeanie, hence Dec 1, for!
Seattle; Br etmr Wy«fleld, hence Dec 2. for I
Nanalmo. ■ i
ASTORIA — Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Columbia, |
hence Dec 3; stmr Alliance, from Eureka.
Sailed Dec S — Stmr Aurelia, for San Fran
cizco.
Arrived Dec 4 — Schr W. F.Jewett, from San
Die;o.
. Sailed Dec 6 — Stmr Acme, for San Pedro.
COOS BAT — Sailed Dec 4 — Stmr Empire, for
San Francisco.
Arrived Dec 5 — Stmr Breakwater, hence Dec
3; stmr F. A. Kllburn, hence Dec 3. Bar
bound, Dec 5— Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
claco.
BELLINGHAM— Arrived Dec 6— Stmr Rain
ier, from Seattle.
SANTA BARBARA — Arrived Dec 8 — Stmr
Santa Rosa, hence Dec 4, and called for Baa
Diego.
Sailed Dec 6— Stmr Bonlta. for San Fran-
PORT HARFORD— Sailed Dec 8, 3 p m—
Etmr Bonita. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Dec 5— Schr Dor*
Bluhm, from Eureka: schr Dauntless, from
Grays Harbor; echr Caroline, from Umpqua;
Bchr Azalea, from Eureka; stmr Cent rail a,
hence Dec 2; *tmr Prentiss, from Westport.
PORT MADISON— Sailed Dec fi— Schr Oliver
J. OUen. for Sun Pedro.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Dec o-^Stmr
Grace Dollar, hence Dec 1.
Arrived Dec 4 — Stmr G. C. LJndauer, hence
Dec 1 : stmr Coronado. hence Dec 1 ; «tmx Ho
nief."fcence Xov ;30.
Sailed Dec 4— Scbr E. K. Wood, for Ban
Pedro.
Arrived Dec 5-^Btmr Newburgr. hence Dec 1.
BAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 6— Schr Admiral,
fpomr-Port Hadlock; Ouat~%tmr Champerlco,
bence'Dec 1.'
Sailed Dec 6— Br ship Albyn, for Port Town
cend.
PORT ANGELES— Arrived Dec 6— Scbr
Golden Shore, from Port Biakeley.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Sailed Dec 4 — Bark George
Curtis,- for Newcastle. Aus. Dec 5 — Ger ship
Herzopin Sophie Charlotte, for — •—. .
MANILA — Sailed Dec 3 — Br stmr Kennebec,
for New York, via Singapore.
EASTERN PORTS.
BALTIMORE— Arrived Dec 4— Ship Aryan,
from New York. 'In tow.
NEW YORK — Arrived Dec 3— Br sfmr
Hughenden, from Antofagaeta.
FOREIGN PORTS. f
BUENOS .AYRES— Dec 4 — Br ship Corunn»
proceeded to Montevideo on November 21,
where »be will be docked. -.
TENERIFFE — Arrived Nov 17 — Ger stmr
Denderah. from Hamburg.
BRISBANE— Sailed Dec I— Br etmr Aorangrl,
for Vancouver.
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed Nov 8— Br »bip Had- \
don Hall, for Royal Roads.
IQUIQUE — Sailed Nov lfr— Br bark Day
light, for Dunkirk.
NEWCASTLE, AUS.— Arrived Dec 4— Schr
Watson A. We»t. from Cape Town.
Sailed Dec 2 — Bktn Amazon, for Honolulu.
SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived prior Nov 20 —
Ger uhlp -Schwarzenbek. from Hamburg.
SINGAPOBE — Arrived prior Dec 5 — Br stmr
Sattuma, from New York.
LADYSMITH— Sailed Dec 3— Br stmr Wel
lington, for San Francisco. Dec S — Nor stmr
Titanla, for San Francisco.
MAZATLAN— Arrived Dec 6— Bktn Maka
well, from Tacoma. (Lost sailor named Niel*
Oisen- overboard off coast of Vancouver.)
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 5— gtmr Altonia.
from Trieste, Flume, etc.
_♦
• Memoranda.
Per »chr Fortuna, from Everett, Dec 4 —
Had a succeeclon of strong SE gales for 15
days. . .
The stmr Vanguard, on the way » to sea.
bound to Eureka,-, returned and anchored off
the Presidio.
LONDON. Dec. 4. — Br ship Troop, from Ma
nila, for Delaware Breakwater, previously re
ported epoken. with sickness aboard, arrived
' at Cape Town with loss of rails.
LONDON, Dec. 5. — Reuter's telegrams re
ceived from Yokohama say; Br stmr Athenian,
from Vancouver, Is two days overdue. »
PROTECTED 11IFLK RAXUE
JS XOW COMPLETED
General Moore Will To- Day Inspect
New Experimental Acquisition
to- the 'Post 'at Presidio.
The new protected rifle range at thoi
Presidio was completed yesterday. It
will be inspected this morning by
General Moore and if it meets his ap
proval will immediately be'put to use.
A range at the Presidio has : been
much needed. If the present range
fills the bill.lt will be a great acquisi
tion to the post. /
The transport Sheridan, which sail
ed from Manila for this port on No
vember 13. was due to arrive at Hon
olulu yesterday. No report -6f her ar
rival there has been received here as
yet. She brings a full complement of
casuals.
The open air concerts by the band
of the Twenty-first Infantry, which
take place every afternoon in front of
Colonel C. A. Williams* headquarters,
are attracting a great deal of atten
tion. /
Major Parker W. "West, aid to Gen
eral MacArthur," is scheduled to ■ ar
rive from ; his visit to the East on
Thursday : evening. / . ,
The. post football team of . the Pre
sidio and the team,. of the Twenty
first Infantry" will, fight for the arniy
championship on Saturday afternoon
on the grounds of the Presidio Ath
letic Club'.
Workman Loses a Jjeg.
SANTA ROSA, Dec. 5.— Ernest
Bolle, an employe of the Petaliima
and Santa Rosa Railway Company,
was .accidentally knocked from an
electric car: of 'that \ company to-day
and run over; .Two boxcars ran over
one of Bolle's legre. badly crushing it.
The ■ injured i man was picked up . and
hurried -to\ Santa Rosa on an: electric
car and taken * to the hospital, . where
his leg: was amputated.
This is., the season ; when ]''. nearly
every^housekeeper =. wants' to . sell her
stove' and set another klnd.'V " -
DR. SMITHERS.
RAPS UNIONS
Says the Cost of Buildings Is
Far Less in Los Angeles
Than in San Francisco
SOUTH ENJOYS LIBERTY
E. A. Sturge, M. D., Gives an
Interesting Account of
Japan's Big Kecruiting
That a handsome church can be j
built In Los Angeles for far less money j
than in San Francisco was told the j
Christian Church Ministers' Associa- j
tion yesterday by the Rev. Dr. A. C.
Smithers of the southern metropolis.
Dr. Smithers was telling of the erec
tion of a church for the religious body
to which he ministers and said it would
be one of imposing dimensions and
architectural beautv and the cost will
not exceed $12,000.
"Brethren," said the pastor, "you
could not duplicate the building in
San Francisco for anything like the
money and the reason is that in Los
Angeles we are not overridden by. labor
unions. There we enjoy American lib
erty."
The association resolved itself into
an executive committee and heard re-
ports on the preparations for the com
ing convention of the Christian church."
The Rev. P. C. ilacfarlane presided
and reDorts of progress were given by
the Rev. Walter M. White, D. D., the
Rev. Mr. Darst, Rev. W. B. Berry and
Dean Van Kirk, D. D.
E. A. Sturge, M. D.. gave the Pres
byterian Ministers' Association a
graphic and interesting account yester
day of social, spiritual and military
conditions in Japan. He told of the
humane characteristics of the Japan
ese, citing as instances their admirable
and liberal conduct of hospitals and in
stitutions for the blind and the deaf
and dumb and the completeness of the
Red Cross department of their army.
According to Dr^.Sturge, the Japan
ese army never lessens in strength.
When he was in Toklo some months
ago no less than 1,500.000 men were
ready to enlist and they were coming
all the time to offer their services.
Because, of the death of his child the
Rev. F. A. Keast did not preside at
the Methodist Ministers' Association
yesterday, his place being filled by the
Rev. W. S. Matthew, D. D. The body
sent a letter of condolence to the be
reaved colleague. A similar step was
taken in the case of Mrs. Nelson J.
Bird, expressing sorrow for the loss of
her husband. Dr. Bird.
After hearing an . address from Dr.
Matthew on "Evangelization." the
.ministers went in a body to inspect
and take luncheon at the Triangle
Tavern, which has been inaugurated
by the Y. M. C. A.
The Rev. E. S. Williams of Saratoga,
Santa Clara County, addressed the
Congregational Ministers' Club on
"The Missionary Settlement Estate As
a Rest for Returning Missionaries and
Worn Out Ministers." • » ' •*> -^ ■- !
The Ladies' Aid Society of Westmin
ster Presbyterian Church, Page and
Webster streets, will hold \ a bazaar on
the ' afternoon and evening of Decem
ber 8 In the church parlors. A hand
some- assortment of useful and fancy
articles will be on exhibition and for
sale.
PERSONAL.
J. O. Douglas of Denver is at the St.
Francis.
Dr. H. M. Rooney of Quincy. 111., is at
the Palace.
J. C. Ralston, a Redding mining man.
is at the Palace.
State Senator J. A. Miller of Nevada
is at the Grand.
Assemblyman George T. Rolley of
Eureka Is at the Grand.
H. C. Davis, a well known railroad
promoter. Is at the Palace,
v John Ross Jr., a mining man of
Sutter Creek, is at the Lick.
R. Barcrof t. a general merchant ■ of
Merced, and wife, are at the Lick.
W. A. Dickey, a mining man of Land
locked Bay, Alaska, is staying at the
Palace. \*-V;-
Mr. and Mrs. H. W. Child of Yellow
stone Park arrived at the St. Francis
r^r.erday. ■ ,
State Printer "W. W. Shannon and
wife are down from Sacramento and
are at the Lick-
Naval Commander and Mrs. Bull of
Marp T 3land were guests at the Occi
dental yesterday.
E. Hockmeyer. a young coffee planter
of Guatemala, who has been visiting
his family in Germany, is at the Palace.
Edward Berwick, a well-known Pa
cific Grove rancher and a strong advo
cate of the oarcels post project, is at
the Grand.
* Marlon de Vries of the United States
Board of Appraisers of New York, who
has been visiting his old home in
Stockton, is at the Palace.
Carleton H. Johnson of lone, secre
tary of the Preston School of Industry,
was in this city yesterday attending
the monthly meeting of the -board of
directors of that institution.
Oscar J. Smith, a Reno capitalist, wJio
is interested In the new electric railway
between that town and Sparks, regis
tered at the Palace yesterday.
Stratton Makes Appointments.
Customs, Collector Stratton yester
day made the following aslgnments to
the new branch appraiser's store in
the Haslett warehouse: L. A. Hei
ner and C. B. Sexton, examiners, $125
per rnonth; Frank McDonald and Eve
lyn B. Barrangon, clerks and stenog
raphers, $100; A. M. Krisser, E. L.
Comings, R. H. Gragert and Thomas
F. O'Connor, samplers, $100; Marcus
Gans. John J. O'Donnell, H. K. Geary
and Fred Kiler, openers and packers,
$70; J. P. Ziph, watchman, $75. The
force will be under, the " direction of
John A. Sampon. senior examiner of
merchandise. Twenty . laborers would
be required, but Stratton has made no
appointments, the warehouse com
pany having offered to furnish all la
borers necessary at $200 per. month.
Says Poisoner, Is Unknown.
- Coroner Le land held an inquest yes
terday on the body -of Edward ,M.
Ryan, who died on November 30 at
438 Fifth street of poisoning by
knockout drops. ,'No new. facts were
brought out. , - Ryan's companions.
Frank Nolan, alias Johnson; J. War
ren and C. Tierney swore that they
found the man unconscious on his. bed
e nd" that they tried in vain to : restore
him.* ■> A-- pawn picket : ,was found in
Ryan's -: pocket, showing : he , had- put
his watch in pledge for $4 on the day
before j he died. 1 He had been drinking
heavily. The jury; returned aiverdict
of death f rom : chloral poisoning af the
hands :'of • parties .; unknown.'
_ _ '_ ~ _ : AJDVERTISEMEXTS; /"
S-X MXEA1E1VXS
OF 7 HE CONDITION AND AFFARS OF THE
SPRINGFIELD FIRE and NATIONAL FIRE
MARINE INSURANCE COMFAiY
IIKHDAUPC nnilDAUV nr harttord. in the state of cov-
I NOUn AM UC OUfnrAit I en the 3ist diy of D«c~?i!>?r.
ber. A. D. 1903. and for the year en<ltns: on « *• ' California, pursuant to the
that day. &e made to the Insurance Commls-i Previsions erf Secticns «10 and 811 of tn«
rioner of the State of California, pursuant to Political Code, cordensed as per blank fur-
the provisions of sections dO and eil of the nished by the Commissioner
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur- . »«.«..»"
nished by the Commissioner. CAPITAL.
CAPITAU Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
Amount of Capital Stock.-pald up ln Cash ■ «i (XV> ex*> 00
inCash $2.000.000 00
ASSETS. ~" ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $227.000 CO R^«I Estate owned by Company... £XVi.*53 ZX
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages..'.. 5M.500CO Loans en Bonds and Mortvaej** C17 715 00
C "^« «" rl 5 et VaJu * °* "" Stock> # ., ( ,,. 4ni . c »»h Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned- by Company... 4,538.144 00 d -,. nw^^, Jl A_^., . -ot>-« -»
Amount of Leans secured by Fledne r-?V i 2 '^ % Corai \* a3r - * 'S 3 -*^ '^
of Bonds. Stocks and other mar- h ln Company's Office i.i» 90
ketable securities an collateral.. 14.875 CO Cash In Banks 333.379 00
Cash In Company's Office 2.0*S 20 Premiums In due Course of Collec-
Cash In Banks 331.514 OS tion 3717^8 04
Interest 'doe and accrued en all " ' ~
Stocks and Loans 33.866 87 Tetal Assets >4 4ft4 304 C«
Interest due and accrued on Boa Is ' "
and Mortgages 13.740 63 LHBILITIE«»
Premiums in due Cours*. of Collec- "7 " ll i "
tion 635.242 23 Laeses adjusted and unpaid 1*1.924 TT
Rents due and accrued 519 ."It Losses In process of Adjustment
,»«.«».«» ■» -^ssru^i'i^ us s
LIABILITIES. Gross premiums en Fire Risks run- -
Losses adjusted and unpaid $79,923 S4 nla l one year or less. $2,931.-
Losses in process cf Adjustment or «» 5«; reinsurance 5O per cent.. 1.4(3.900 T»
in Suspense 124.003 91 Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
Losses resisted, including expenses 23. 436 43 nlnjf more , nan one y^^ j-j 203 -
C Xg Pr oTe l Telr° n or Fl^ P : 1 1 2 8 .S a : *£!?• -t— ce pro rata....'. l.e,^ „
067 26; reinsurance 30 per cent.. 1.168.043 63 Sp*«UI res*rwe 60.000 00
G n1n*r P m*ow !U t™*n 0 one V^r'sli^- rotil "•«««« ; I3.C1.663 S3
274 21: reinsurance pro rata 1,260.414 40 . ■
Commissions and Brokerage due IXCOMEL \
and to become due 127,048 44 '•
Net cash actually received^ for
Total Liabilities $2.7S8.O6O 63 Fire premiums $3,979,101 45
11 - — : Received for Interest on Bonds and
INCOME. Mortgages 29 «23 IS
Net cash actually received for Fire Received for interest and dividends
R^edTor-lnUrik-onBondVnd.* 3 ' 203 - 16102 « Bon-, Stocks. Loan, and
Mortgages 27.74153 tTom *" other sources 204.247 2J
Received for interest and dividends Received for Rents 18.273 21
on Bondst Stocks. Loans, and : .
from all other sources 177.fi6Tt 31 Total Income $4,231.247 04
Received for Rents ; ■ 5.S31 73 —
ToUl Income.... $3.416.417 79 amfmat ni(t for Ttn jj^,^
EXPENDITURES. (including $279,723 22. losses of
Net amount paid for Fire Losse* previous years) $2,020,273 15
(Including J.1O.426 72. losses of Dividends to Stockholders 120.000 00
previous years) * Il 5S < Jij- *?. P*^ or allowed for Commission or
Dividends to Stockholders 200.000 00 Brokerage 7X3.-00 1%
c ™ m^. n " «o«.64243 wSSS^r^-^'isi 7K - 3391S
Paid for Salaries. Fe«s and ether charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 239.583 73
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 143.410 67 Paid for State. National and Local
Paid for State. National and Local taxes 139.136 55
taxes 123.16253 \\\ other payments and expend!-
All other payments and expendl- tures 289.033 89
tures • 304.1*4*0 .— w
Total Expenditure. $2,933.792 »4 Tot *» *^7a»
* ■ TVcm Fire.
Losaes Incurred during the year.. .$1.851.200 84 Lo«« Incurred durtng the rear. .ri.oa.ftB2 CT
Risks and Premiums.! Fire Risks. J Premiums. Risks and Premiums.! Firs Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks 1 Net amount of Risks)
written during the' written during thej
yea" !$361.«J6.362 $4,424,986 76 Tear ( $486.612.0« $3,765,052 59
Net amount cf Risks - Net amount of Risks; ]
exuired during the expired during the; ;
yeir~. 316,273.651 3.873.512 69' y«r 493.090.790 j 3. 23S. 431 2O
V#t amount In force ' Net amount «n force!
December a. IOCS.. 415.C2J>.*44 4.731.36147 December 31. 1003-1 370.458.468 | d.227.772 3O
"— a w nivnv PrM M, nt JAMES NICHOLS. President.
w^ VAfTCAY tf^ B. R. STILLMAN. Secretary.
„ v ,4V a «71'w«™ t^SoZ'mTThU^th Subscribed and sworn to befor. me. this
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this *5th n . h dar of janu,^. 190 4
4ay of •'"p^CTTbATES. Notary Public rREJ> B SETMOUR. Notary Publte.
LOUIS L»" JANES CO* * unpi e RDiir'i/M am
HAYWARD BUILDING AHPEL & BRUCKMAN
CUT (SAN FRAHCISCO) A6EHTS. - 215 Sansomc Street.
PACmC DE PABTME3TT:
BOOKS 306-310 EATWABS XTZLOZSTO
SAW TBAXrCZSCO, CAi.
GEO.O.DORNIN, manager
OEO. W. POBBTjr. A«rt. ManrngT. 3TTO. C. POBHTJT, 8d Asmt. MAOJtyx.
Teachers Wanted for Philippines.
The United States Civil Service
Commission announces an examina
tion at " San Francisco, Lf>s'. Angeles,
Marysvllle, Fresno and Reno on De
cember 28 for teachefs in the Phil
ippine service. Age limit. 20 to 40
years. It is especially desired to se
cure as a result of this examination
140 college graduates, twenty ,of
whom shall be of polytechnic schools
and twenty of agricultural schools.
The salary will be $1200 per annum.
It is also desired to secure sixty grad
uates of normal schools. Their salar
ies will be $1000 per annum. Those
appointed will be eligible for promo
tion to higher grades of the service,
ranging from $1000 to $2000 for
teachers and from $1500 to $2500 for
division superintendents. Both men
and women will be admitted to this
examination. Apply to the United
States Civil Service Commission.
Washington. D. C. or to the secretary
of t!*e board of civil service examiners,
postoffice, San Francisco, for applica
tion forms 2 and 375. which should
be properly executed and filed with
the commission at Washington.
/ ADVERTISEMENTS.
Economy
for jfrFacL
This is the name of
a gas range with
elevated oven and
broiler. It don't break
your back to bake or
roast.
Can be purchased for
*25.oq
Connected ready for use.
- From—
THE GAS COMPANY
7 415 Post, St.
carters! cuhe sick READACnE -
Sittle .Genuine Must Bear
I IVER Fac-Simile Signature
|P»LLS. -0 __p —
STATEMENT
or the
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
franklFn fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OT Philadelphia, ln ths Stats of Pennsyl-
vania, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1803. and for the year ending oa that day, as
made to the Insurance Ocmmlsaioner of ti>«
State of California, pursuant to the. provisions
of sections 610 aad 611 of the Political Cod*,
condensed as per blank furnished by tia Com-
missioner.
CAPITAL.
An-ount of Cacltal Stock, paid up
la cash ....'. $400,000 09
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company..! 234.200 00
Loans on Bands and Mortgaces. . 90.S88 00
Cash Market Value of alt Stocks
asd Bonds owned by Company.. 2.532.213 09
Amount of Loans secor«d br
pledge of Bonds. Stocks asd
other marketable securities as
collateral 80,000 CO
Cafh In Company's offlc*.. 2.T41 25
Cash la banks lt«S9 S3
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages. UU3 41
Premiums la dus Course of Colloc-
Uon 133,437 U
ToUl Assets ..$<,I41.3P4 44
LIABTLmES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 21.008 13
Losses la process of adjustment or
la ■uspesss ' 40.au S9
Losses resisted, taelndlas rrrpsrisiisj I.M* 00)
Gross premiums on Fir* Risks run-
ning one year or less. $527,287 It;
reinsurance 50 per cent 253.643 BT
Gross premiums oa Fire Risks run-
ning: more than ene ys*r. $737,*
34131; reinsurance pro rats,.... ZSX.nt 91
Amount reclalaiabls by tits Insured
on Perpetual Firs Insaranc* Pott*
Oommisstoas and Broksrajr* "doi
and to beeem* due........^..... S3KS54 M
Total LlabiUtt*s tvaanaos M
TSCOXB. ~ '
Net cash tets&ny recetTtd for Itr*
premiums ITUtTT S3
RecelTed for tntersst on Bonds
and Mortgages 5.SS1 13
Reeetved for Interest and dtrldends
' on Bonds. Stocks. Loans aad
from all other sources 11&0M »
RecetTsd tor Rents. ....^.....^.. «,t» M
Total Income y. ,frS9iVn 0>
Xet amount paid for Tire Losses
(Including $55,973 17. losses) of
prerlous years) $350.3*3 00
Dividends to stockholders 80,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Broker*** .^- 1TLJS3 T»
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charies for officers, derka. etc 33.4SX5O
Paid for State. National aad Local -
Taxes ■- 21.549 73
All other payments and expendl-
tum • not i3
- Total Expenditures » .1788.887 47
Losses tacnrred darter the year... .$334. 06* 33
Risks and Pramtmns-j Fire Risks. | Pr»"Him.
Net amount of risks
Net amount of risks
*$£552S£vSS!i ■m.mum i^.»«3o
j. W. McKLLJSTER. Presidssrt.
E. T. CRESSON. Secretary.
1 Subscribed and sworn to before a*, tfcls,
13th dar of January. 1904.
13th flay <« KIRKPATRIcr.
Kotary P«bU&
Pacific Coasi Depirtaiat, 218 Saassaa il
Telephone James 7541.
6EQR6E F. 6BANT, Managsr.
A. H. TRATHErf, Assistant Ifasa^er. .
CHj Dtpirtmeai, 20 Monlgomjrj SL
6. H. UUBSEN & CO.. Resident
Telephone . Frtrat* Exchaa** SOS.
1112
THE WANT C0LUHN5 Gr THE CALL
JOHN D. SPRECKCIiS.... Proprietor ,
AdCress Communications to
JOHN' aic^'AtjGIlT. ..... • ...Manager
\V. J. MAKTIX Business Manager \
TELEPHONE.
Atk lor THE CALL. The Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You « lsh.
Publication Office Market, and Third. S. F.
Editorial Booms 217 to 221 Stevenson at.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cts.
Terms by Mall. Including Postage (Cash With
Order) :
DAILY CALL Ondud. Sunday). 1 year... $8.00
DAILY CALL (indud. Sunday), fl mos... 4^00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «f°
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2 -J™
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year V
POSTAGE. 1 Weekly. 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Cample Copies Will Be Forwarded When
Requested. ,
Mall subscriber* in ordering change of ad-
Creae ebould be particular to give both NEW
AND OLD ADDRESS, in order to Insure *
prcrcpt and correct compliance with tneir rw
Sliest.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
1016 Broadway Telephone Main 1063
BERKELEY OFFICE:
tliS Ctrter Street Telephon* North T7
Washington correspondent:
BAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf- Astoria Hctel; A. Brentano. 81
Tnlon Eguare; Murray Hill Hotel; Flfth-avenu*
Hotel aad Hoffman House.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Ehenran House- P O. News Company: Great
Kortbern Hotel; Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palmer House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette Building.
CLcng Dletaace Telephone, "Central 261». )
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building
NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARLTON i Herald Square
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Sal. Francisco Call.
comer Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite- Fifth; opea until
11 p. m.
ttt Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
0:30 p. m.
600 Hayes etreet: cpen until 9:30 p. ra.
C38 McAtlteter Etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Lfirkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1&41 Mlsrlon Etreet: open until 10 p. m.
ICC Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. to.
1096 Valencia street; open until 1p.m.
Ncnbeaet corner Church and Duncan streets:
op«n until 9 p. m.
ggQO Flllmcre ftreet: open until 9 p. m.
MEETIKO NOTICES.
MISSION Commandery. U. D.. K. T. — «<JL«
Stated assembly THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Masonic IIJJ
Temple. Order of Red Cross. Ail >3>'
fra-ters cordially invited. By order of the
Commander. JOHN R. HILLMAN. Rec.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. ffl
M.. will meet THIS rTUESDAY>XX
KVENING. Dec. 6, at 7:30 o'clock. /VA
Stated meeting.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodse No. SO, F. a'nd O
A. M.— Annual mating THIS (TUES-"Vy
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. /V\
Election of officers.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. a
M. — Stated meeting and annual elec-V^^
tlcn of officers THIS tTLESDAT) /V\
EVENING, at S o'clock.
HENRY E. PENNELL W. M
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. m
M. — Officers and members ure re-**#V
quested to attend the funeral of /V\
PKTUR I. BEATON. WEDNESDAY
et 1 o'clock p. m.. from the Mission Masonic
Temple. 1'tr.S Mission et. Master Masons
relatives and friend? are respectfully invited
HENRY E. PENNELL. W. M. '
A. S. Hl'BBARD, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 57 I. "v -s
O. O. F. — Members will assemble in •\^ B
hall at il:3(» a. m.. THIS DAY. for /\
the purpose of attending the funeral of / \
our lute Patriarch, DR. N. J BIRD
A. HOVEY. R. S.
UNITY Lodge No. 131. I. O. O.
P.— The Grand Master will he -iy£F!t&f-
present TTESDAY EVENING. »*f35»5»5
December 6. All members are "^WTWi?^
urgently requested to attend. All members
of the order are invited. Odd Fellows' Hall,
Sixteenth and Valencia st?
E. H. ANDREWS. N. O.
A. P. BUTTON. Recording Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 204,
I. O. O. F.— Officers an.1 mrnvi/^Vfc.
bers. you an hereby notified f>^-*^*2 £ -**!
attend ihe funeral of our de- (
<-ea*td orother. HENRY A. LINN. TO-
DAY (TUESDAY) at 1 p. m., from our
hall, I. O. O. F. building.
F. N. HOLMES, N. G.
FITTXITY Lodge No. 222, I. O.
O. F. — Officers ar.i members you -""]j3S&fe 1! ¥-
n-< r*que*tfd to a*vmb!<> "t^I^^EX^^
your lodg^room on Tl"ESDAY.
Dec. «. at 9:30 a. m., to attend the funeral
of our nV-oeased brother. DR. N. J. BIRD,
past grand. By order of
W. H. MITCHELL. N. O.
JOS. GRAY JR.. Rec. Sec.
OFFICERS and members of Damon -**■
. Lod?e No. 2, K. of P. — You are \£$&rrf
|*jue?ted to assemble at Simpson
emorial Church, southeast corner Jjfc&f
Have* and Buchanan pts.. at - 4ti *^ > *
• :45 o'clock TUESDAY. Iv»c<«mbfT ft, to at-
•nd rervirps of our deceased brother P. C
. J. BIRD. Per order
F. H. PANTOS'. C. C.
J. H. I'ANTO.V, K. of R, and 8.
F1CERS and members of , __Z3l~
olden Gate f amp No. «H. fcl
■ O. W. :?* r.-rrvrt- -.^r^ri^Tt^JXfi
illy requpsted to attrnl £2^»1>&$S»^3
ie frneral of our late 'St^fmg^Bi || * r
'isrhbor. WILLIAM A
KANE, TUESDAY. December « at 10
clock, from Ft. Mary's Othedral. Van
«" B I?-. *>*♦'«•**" OKerrell and Oary rts .
J^HN 1 T^^^N^LL-'ct^—' 1 "--
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Rejru-w-*«k-.
lar quarterly meeting tv1U be h«M r, t *V«C<-:»'
their hall. 1V.\ S'lttor Ft., on WEP-JiS^
NEEDAY EVENING. December 7 V|5S
M^'A mi -V 9n °Jr look - * h »T- Appropriation,
ana donation?. Nomination of officers for th<«
enduing year and other v#»ry Important busi-
ness Fine* for non-attendance will be
fctrlctly enforced. By order of
J. W. STANKART. President.
DE WITT W. TOLL, Recording Secretary.
MARINE Knrlneers' Beneflcia! Association
No. .»5.— Members Bre hereby notified that
on and after TUESDAY. December 6 1904
Pthe meetings of the association will b* held'
until further notice, nt the Reading Rooms'
SC Ea«t Ft. R. J. MURRAY. President
W. M. COOMBS. Secretary.
ATTOaMXYS-AT-T^A-W.
A FltAUDULENT divorce is dear at $12 and
- Is no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a rpeclalty; quick; quiet; no money needed:
oc pay unless divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free: collection*
tsaoe. ,O. W. HOWE. 1122 Market st.
R. W. KING, Attomey-at-Iaw, Exam. bldg.
«th floor; entrance room CU: established 26
years; ml courts, general court and office .'
practice; no fees in advance or for consults- •
tlcn; eveninc by appointment. Tel. Red 3001.
AA— Divorce; coets $12; quick, qulet;advlce free;
all law business: no charge unless success-
fcl: cp«n evenings. 827 Market St.. room 30L
CONSULTATION free, private, confidentisl;
bDFineer legally, promptly and energetically
transacted. W. Matthews. 632 Market, room 23.
ADVICE freef divorce costs *12; no fees or
cccts In advance: all. law business; office
cpen Saturday evenings. 619 Market St.. r. 33.
JOnN GUIDERY. attorney-at-law. rooms 3
and 4, 240 Montgomery st.; phone Red 6617.
L. 8. CLARK. 027 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fees in advance: opea evenings.
AT7TOMOBIX.es.
CADILLAC Automobile. 1904, for sale, $600.
Address box 1195 Call office. \ .
__ ASTHMA CT7KE. . •"
DI NOLA'E Asthma Remedy" relieves instantly:
*?=.»<•. 80c. 1602 .Market. St.. Nicholas:
also Wuhart. 10th and Washington. Oakland.
. oorAECTioif orriczs.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or countrv. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
aioatgotnery «t., rooms 9-10. TeL Main 5580,.'
- . , ........... i^M.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$S50— CORNER saloon on Fourth St., rent $25
dally receipts about $15: good business; own-
er must sacrifice, as he has to leave the city.
R. O. WILKE. 20 H Kearny st.
$750^ — HALF interest in manufacturing busi-
ness; estb. 16 years; partner can clear $150
easily; investigate; rare chance. See R. G.
W r ILKE. 26% Kearny Bt.
PRICE $1100— Wood, coal, hay and grain yard;
a long-established business; 2 horses and 3
wagons; rent only $25; rare chance. See R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearoy St.
A— $2900; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia St.; lease; old established and good
paying business; investigate; a rare chance.
See R. G. WILKE. 2«K Kearny at.
A— $500; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store, with 3 nicely furnished rooms; rent
$15; a good paying business. Sea R, G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. •
A— $1200; ROADHOUSE, living rooms; rent
$15; no opposition; very best location; about
8 miles from city. See R. G. WILKE. 26%
Keainy st.
A— $600; ROADHOUSE: 5 years' lease; rent
$20; best location en Colma road. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $S500; HARDWARE store, corner; ranges,
household supplies, paints, oils, gas fixtures,
etc.; 4 years' lease; location the very best;
value in sight; owner to retire to private
life; a splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
26% Kearny st. "
A— $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 21 furnished
rooms; 2 blocks south of Call building; rent
$71; kept by present owner 10 years; a good
buslnets. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $3250; HALF Interest In manufacturing
business; established many years and doing a
first-class paying business; stock and ma-
chinery with Invoice; the price a rare and
good offer. Call on R. G. WILKE, 20%
Kearny st. '""■-<-
A— $2200; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
in Stockton; rent $53; the leading place of
its kind In Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $900; BAKERY, with 3 living rooms and
kitchen; rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts about $16 per day. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 28% Kearny gt.
A— $2850; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years: very best loca-
tion: a good cash business. See R- O.
WILKE. '-ti% Kearny et.
A— $900; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk et. ; lease; living rooms; owner
must leave for Europe to settle estate; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— $S00; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi-
ness. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, with lease. In
wholesale district; a good business: owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $400U; CIGAR stand on Market St., vicin-
ity Powell rt. : 2% years' lease; must be
sold at once; owner to leave city for the
East. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 6 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busi-
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. Q. WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
i A— $5500; SALOON: about 1 block from Phelan
building; oet rent $125; lease; stock will in-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; in-
vestigate at ence; rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 26 K Kearny »i.
A— $2800: COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars 6ee R. G.
WILKE, 20% Kearny St.
A— $900: CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth st.: living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a good paying place; bargain. See R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kcarny »t.
A— $1500; OLD-ESTABLISHED commission
store, dairy produce, etc.; must be sold at
once on account of death; very rare chance,
as business is known for 2S yearn as a good
reliable houee. R. O. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $*000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market Et. ; net rent $90; lease 4
years: average monthly receipts $1100; value
in sight. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2650; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with first-clats paying saloon in manufactur-
ing town across the bay ; a good paying bu«i-
nees. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $750; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; be-«t location north
of Market. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $3SC0; CORNER RTOcery and bar on Fulton
St.; rent $60; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about - $2800; a well established and
first-class paying business. ,See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $7000: BAKERY; one of the best In this
city; monthly sales $6000; 12' horsee. 5 wag.
ens; location the very best: not all cash
necessary. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $350; DAIRY. produce and delicatessen
etore; 5 rooms: rent $25; beet location Va»
lencla st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
F. A BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT.
917 Market et., bet. Fifth and Sixth,
PARTNER for old-estab. express and transfer
buBine««: horse?, wagons, harness, everything
complete; party must be able to attend office,
will guarantee $75 monthlv: $500 cash re-
quired. Full particulars with BROOKBANK.
GROCERY and bar; Al location; fine fixtures;
go<»l stock: receipts $25 to $30; cash register;
2 big rocme; rent $35; price $1500. See
BROOKBANK. "
WE have a client who wishes to associate him-
self with a sober, industrious man who can
Invest $. - «*i0 and services: he will give interest
in business clearing ?200 monthly; refer-
enoes exchanged. See BROOKBANK.
SALOONS from $500 up to $7000.
Groceries from $.'»oo up to $4000.
Restaurant: fln« location; $'.H)0.
Branch bakeries, coffee-houses, city & coun-
try hotel!", merchandise etores. roadhouses.
Lodging-housM from 7 to 200 rooms.
For rale? and exchange. SW> acres In Santa
Clara County for a saloon: Oakland houses,
for lodging-houses., EITEL & CARROLL.
212 Kearny st.; tel. Red 6692.
$4200 — STORE and flat; new and modern; rare
chance to get a good piece of business prop-
erty, located at terminal of Key route; flat
rented under lease for 2 years at $30 month,
store would bring $25 per month; good open-
Ing for any kind of business or for invest-
KREIBS A HORSWELL.
1070 Broadway, Oakland.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If you wlsn to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fail to call' upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for Just what you want to eelL
J. W. JAQUITH & CO..
1312 Market et..
Rooms 41S-419. Telephone Folsom 346S.
$5<V) — CIGAR store for sale; good location;
fine fixtures: National cash register: re-
ceipts $15 daily; rent $40. Full value In
etock; owner leaving city: buyers be prompt
to secure this exceptional bargain.
A. STENBERO. 750 Market st.
$12<X>— RESTAURANT: well known, old es-"-
inblirli-d and doing good business; Is newly
papered and painted; 80 .chairs and with
everything complete. Address 1021 Third st..
Sacramento. Cal.
FOR sale — Stock, fixtures and lease of a first-
class, strictly up-to-date millinery store in
excellent location. For particulars apply
HOLM & NATHAN. 512 Market st.
GOOD, reliable man with a few hundred dol-
lars can buy half interest in old established
business. P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 4,60 Tenth
ct., Oakland.
$200 WITH services secures to a reliable,
steady man permanent place that pays $85
» monthly the year around; light,' pleasant
J work. Call 1027% Market et.. room 2.
STEADY man wanted an partner In cash
business to do plain light work; sure proflt
' of $75 to each. per month; capital required,
$175. 632 Market et., room 6.
GOOD meat market for sale ; experience not
necessary. Box 1115. Call office.
SPLENDID corner grocery and liquor more at
Invoice: best location. . 1C99 Post'st. ••■
SALOON for sale, cheap; good location; S3S
Broadway;. established 20 years.
FOR sale on account of HI health, business of
manufacturing patent medicines, extracts,
etc.. with formulas; located In one of the
larcest and best cities In California; price
$4000: one-half rash, balance to be paid out
of - proceeds of business. Address S. C S.
box 620. Sacramento. Cal. \ - ,
FOR sale — Butcher shop in live country town.
Apply to JOSEPH WILSON JR.. 823 Georgia
et., Vallejo. Cal.
SALOON for Bale at 825 Montgomery at.; must
be sold on account of sickness.
FOR sale^ — A 'small' grocery and bar. 'Apply at
. •} 1808 , Fifteenth St.* cor, of Dolorea.
AN > old-established . butcher shop for "sale in
Western /"Addition. -Box ; 1395, ; Call . office.
FOR sale— Saloon and ' 15 - furnished rooms,
•with 3 years' lease. / 210 and 212 East it .
THE SAN FRANCISCO, CALL, TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6, 1904:
BTTSUTESS CHAJTCES — Continued.
A— CAMERON & CO.- Phone South 1066.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
For sale — Several sood business propositions
for Investors, such as cigar stores, groceries
and bars, bakeries, furnishing goods, mer-
chandise, county hotels, restaurants and
many other propositions too numerous J to
mention; would be pleased to have you call
and inspect our list. CAMERON & CO.. 3
Eddy st. , 1
For sale— First-class bazaar and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent,
fixtures and store up-to-date, established 17
. years; fine new stock of goods: has never
changed hands; now clearing $35O and over
per month: beat reason for selling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime; see CAMERON & CO.
For sale— Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; 59 rooms; rent only $150; 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; about 60 miles from S. F.; fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy.
For sale — One of the best hay, grain, • feed,
wood and coal yards, S. F. : cheap rent:
horses and wagons, well equipped; present
owner retiring from retail business; guaran-
teed to clear about $600 per month: books
open for inspection. CAMERON & CO.
Exchangee made in all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO., 3 Eddy st.
For sale — Well located cyclery; rent $125; 3-
year lease; sell, rent and repair all kinds of
bicycles; carries full supplies; agency best
wheel on market; does business of $1500 to
$2000 per month; goods at invoice. CAM-
ERON & CO.
First-class. saloon downtown; 2 blocks
from Market St.: rent $75; well fitted up:
receipts «18 to $25 per day; muat be sold
on account of other business; price $1600.
CAMERON & CO.
GOOD opportunity— Fine stationery business:
average sales over $2000 per mo.; will sell
for Invoice price of stock; no competition;
located In the only cash town in California.
HAMILTON & KENDRICK, Petaluma.
WANTED — A few gentlemen to Join present
members of a firm .engaged in the conduct
of tents' furnishing and tailoring establish-
ment; object being to extend business which
Is paying well. Box 3789, Call office.
WE incorporate and float stock companies; we
handle unlisted securities; loans -negotiated.
HORATIO GILBERT & CO.. Elllcott square.
Buffalo. '.
FOR eale cheap — Carpenter's jobbing shop,
with machines and power complete- down-
town location; cheap rent. Box 1231, Call.
A LIQUOR store bar attached, big stock on
hand: a good place for two; price $2500. Ap-
ply 714 Folsom st.
A PARTY to Invest in a theatrical enterprise;
jfllt edge; good- position assured. Box 1455.
Call office. - .
$1S5O— DELICATESSEN store for sale; large
stock; new fixtures: clears $150 per month.
Address box 15'J9, Call office.
$225— STATIONERY, notions, candies and ci-
gars; open window: 2 furnished rooms; rent
$15. Inquire 343 Sixth st.
FOR sale — Cash grocery and bar: south of Mar-
ket; $3500; other builness. Box 1477, Call.
GROCERY store fixtures for sale; cheap. In-
quire 473 4 th st. -
GROCERY— $1SCO; stock and fixtures; new;
rent reasonable. DODD MEAD, Palo Alto, Cal
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, for sale. Ap^
ply San Francisco Call office.
MARION GRIFFIN.
■ 406 Hearst bldg.. over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market sts. - Tel. Black 3607.
Hotels and roomlng-houees for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
ULTRA - FASH- HIGH - CLASS
1ONABLE pri- apartment
vate hotel that house,
clears $295 mo. — tJO rooms —
A new build- — $3000—
ing, beautifully House partly
furnished in furnished with
mahogany and extra fine fur-
velvet carpets. nishings. Rent
All new six $5 per room; 5-
months ago. > year lease. A
Price * cultured lady or
— $1500 — g e n t 1 e rn an
Will exchange should make the
for an apart- house clear
ment house. monthly $300
EXCLUSIVELY PRICE ...$3000
WITH WITH
MARION , MARION
URIFFIN. GRIFFIN.
MAKE us an of- GREAT GUNS!
fer before Dec Only $400 for
8th- lC-room NE
— 46 rooms — corner house,
nr. Hyde and north of Mar-
Sutter. Reduced ket. Rent $30
to $3000. Rent If you are a
$150. Clears sober, Industri-
$175, guaran- j ous person wo
teed. It's a big will lend you
opening for 14 of purchase
some one, as price. . Always
■ owner is deter- remember that
mined to visit we guarantee
Alaska* the title.
WITH WITH
MARION MARION
GRIFFIN. GRIFFIN.
$300 DOWN and ' 10 ° RENT for
$700 in little 40 rooms, north
payments lakes " ot Market: 3
a nice, quiet rooms rented
15-roorn house, permanently at
near Ellis and $40; price $4000;
Van Ness aves.; owner states
cause, sickness; that the month-
profit monthly _ , ly Profit is $200.
WITH MARION
MARION GRIFFIN.
GRIFFIN.
NORTH of Mar-
> §11111
OD -Al£o_ ' 16 roomsf "sTap.
30 room^TlSOOr R^ffti* 40^
1-3 down; proflt ll'o * M '' Proflt
$90; rent only $55. • ■ _,,,,„
—ALSO— _Jn^^^^
IS rnnma tKfm oil —40 rooms—
is rooms, ♦aOO, all -. Prir» tiuv\_
cash; profit $90; at •srilT
""-^L^O^ -V-^r^-
39 ro^mfjlSOO. "jEJSS. **Er
Vi down; proflt —Incom e $90— -
$140; rent only -^ro^-"
—ALSO— —Price $2000—
12 rooms, $400. all cut d * > £? lft _ from
cash; profit $47; Proflriiiiw».i.
s^iaffiffi BH&Sfe
42 roolnt $3000. wT-rl! PeCUbIe -
% down; proflt Marion -
$174; rent only GRIFfiV
MARION ' ■ ■
GRIFFIN^ WE-~w7n~- M ,l
to any business
man • or woman
T -' ~ « 17000 room-
LARGE house. Ing "house for
larger profit. ■ $3000 cash and
largest bargain; v $2Ono ' on time
85 large rooms; ' ■ Is brand new
proflt over $300. . building with,
. Price only $<>000. modern con venU
Rent only $375. . ences. , Proflt
Every room, hail $250 monthly
and , stairway . - Books may : be
expensively fur-. examined,
nlshed. Lease House is well
for four years. arranged; most-
It s : one of the Jy single rooms
honest houses. . for business
EXCLUSIVELY men. - See my
MARION MA^UON V
GRIFFIN. ; GRIFFIN. ; J v
The agent • who whispers down • the V well
. About the . house he - wants to sell, . ■
Will' never reap the eolden dollars '"
Like Marion Griffin,' who climbs and hollars.
— — — —MITCHELL > & CO-— — -^-~-—
1206 MARKET ST. . PHONE JESSIE 2981. .
Rooming I and ; apartment houses. - hotels," flats.
■ i Sold to suit purchasers. - Titles guaranteed. '
AUTOMOBILE : AT * YOUR ; SERVICE.
12 . rooms, R. $45; good house '. . ..... $050
\11 rooms.-- R. ' $40; Al house '.Tiv:.\ V. :v,$725
; . - ; 7. rooms, ; R;: $27, 60; corner flat r r." ::r.". ".' '.$200
100-ROOM a apartment 1 bouse; r ■ furnished r7bne
Syear; wiHsell at one-half the cost price ;]full
of roomers. Box 1345., Call office.
XfOSOnfO-KOlTSES 7OS SALE — Cos.
A— CAMERON & CO Phone South 1050.
3' Eddy st. cor.' Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming- Houses. Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
You can't beat -this beautifully furnished,
100-room, downtown house: carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric lights,
steam, heat; in fact everything modern and up
to date: long lease; cheap rent; owner leaving
city. .
Look this up; here is a chance to get fine
little home, combined with business; you can
live rent free and make some money besides;
this house of 9 rooms rent only $-'52 50; fine lo-
cation on California 'st.; well furnished; some
new carpets, newly painted and papered; every-
thing in fine condition; piano and sewing ma-
chine goes; price only $650.
Here la 14 rooms; Van Ness; furnished In oak
and mahogany good carpets; all full; clearing
nice little salary every month; It Is yours at
$600.
We have a 9-room'flat. new modern build-
ing, sumptuously furnished; carpets cost $3 60
per yard; beds cost $100 each; hair mattresses
cost $35 each; new 8 months; actual cost to
furnish. $5000; must go East and will take
$2700; half cash, balance 6 per cent per annum;
everything ready to step right into an elegant
home.
Nice little house of 18 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets; rent only $65; must dispose
next 10 days; make offer.
Grand, new, modern apartment-house; beau-
tiful building; elegantly furnished; good lon«
lease with cheap rent; only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny st. ; has ISO rooms and pays $500
to ?600 per month; always full; best class of
people; a bargain can be had If taken at once.
. . . . •
Another one; a beautifully furnished 6-room
flat; Sloane fitted it up 6 months ago and cost
considerable over $900; think of the rent, only
$25 per month; choice location; big snap; $400
Here Is the coziest and most complete house
of CO rooms, superbly furnished with everything
that good taste and Judgment could suggest;
combined with an elegant, new, modern build-
ing; every room occupied and clearing a fine
: proflt. and sickness Is the only cause for dis-
posal.
Golden opportunity to Ket nice 7-room flat;
rent only $40; water, garbage and janitor ser-
vice free; mahogany and oak furniture; carpets
body Brussels, new 1 year; cost $800, now $450;
obliged to leave city.
This' speaks for Itself; 15 rooms, furnished in
oak; new carpets, and full to the roof with
good people, which brings In proflt of $75 per
month: sickness compels sale.
First-class Investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of $4500 in 46-
room house; rent only $125 per month; choice
location on Sutter st. ; always full; best of oak
furniture, good carpets; sickness only reason
for selling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter st. ; beautifully
furnished ; always full ; there are 80 rooms, rent
only $4-25; obliged to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnish.
We have 13 beautifully-burnished rooms in
fine block "on Post st.; full nicest kind of room-
ers; new and modern throughout; brings in
nice Income; furniture In oak. blrdseye maple;
velvet and Axmlnster carpets; cost $1800 .to
furnish six months ago; obliged to leave city;
big bargain; $1200.
We have a number of special bargains In
flats of 6 to 10 rooms, new and modern; can be
had for less than half cost to furnish; must
be sold; either account of sickness or departure.
Have large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A, CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR eale— Rooming-house; 16 rooms; estab-
lished; good location; paying well. 514 Eddy.
A BARGAIN — A H-room rooming house for
sale. Inquire at 860 Mission st.
FOR eale— Swell lodging-house. Inquire at 833
Howard St.. between 10 and 2 o'clock.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANT13D — To buy a respectable lodging house
<not transient), about 30 rooms. Address box
4708.' Call office.
-RICHARD MAYO —
The Man With Psychic Power.
The greatest living adviser on the continent
There Is no trouble, doubt or ambition, no
hope or wish but what can be realized by
his help and advice; he Is entirely original
in his methods: different from all others; a
visit will bring sure help and will satisfy
you and bring success and happiness to the
seekers of truth and advice.
Complete clairvoyant reading this week $1.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
421 A Ellis st.; private flat; hours 10 a. m.
,to 8 p. m.
LIVINGSTONE,
THE OCCULT, WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. 26% KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION
MKS. DR. CLARK.
The well-known medium and clairvoyant,
may be consulted on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed: she will show you how to
overcome your enemies and unite, the sepa-
rated; tell your entire life, past, present and
future: satisfaction by mall; send stamp for
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st.
MMB. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, is located at 17 Third
St., near Market. She reads your life cor-
rectly, gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on
all affairs In life; as a proof of her psychic
power she will tell you what you called for
FRKE of charge; $5. reading this week, $1;
satisfaction guaranteed^ - ...
MME. LANGE, the only one who can help you
In . your grenteat troubles: genuine gypsy
sympathy, spiritualism and hand reader:
convince yours»lf of her skill: 25c and up;
shown th* picture of future huaband or wife.
S8 Turk st., near Taylor; hours, from 10 to
8, and Sundays.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome. 1104
Market st., San Francisco. Office hours — 10
' a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. Phone South 1141,
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, modium; born
with double veil and second sight: tells past,
present, future; I. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm-
istry full llf e read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MISS ZKMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm.:
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.: L. 50o;
O. $1; hours 10 to 9: names. .714 Franklin st.
Mme. Krnnenberg. palmist, clairvoyant, card
render; when others fall 1 try me: readings
25c. Z'l\ O'Farrell at. Tel. Red 6537.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings daily. 10S 6th fit. .rooms 1-2.
MME. REKA. New York's most famous palm-
ist and clairvoyant: readings at 320 Eddy st.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
teller. Is now at 317 Ellis >t. "
BriBITPAEISM.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, bns. medium and
life reader. 1206 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
MME. YOTJNG'S test circle to-night, 10c. 619
McAllister st.; readings dally; come skeptics.
W. OS KEEGAN holds a te?t seance every
night except Saturday; 10c. 143 Sixth- st. .
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy at. Phon» Scott 887..
BOAHTHKQ FOB OHJtLPMJ.
WANTED— Children to board; best of refer-
ences; music. 408 Clement St., Richmond Dlst.
WOULD like to board and room 'a child; also
room for, parent.; -.118 Pagcst. •.
WANTED— Small child <- to board ' in X private
jfanrtly; best of care.V 861% Greenwich sL -
CARPET BEATIlf Q AKP.CX3BANIHQ. ;
COMPRESSED . Air and j Vacuum I Proctss used
.for cleaning carpets on floor without removal;
. carpets and ruzs also cleaned by compressed
' air . at : shop; , prices - moderate. 8. F. ..Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.; ' 308 " Market st. ;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479. ■'-.'■ ;.-,- : '-*■•-■
WHEN I you become disgusted with - your : work
send for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng works. 855-357 Tehama st. Tel. South 40.
WESTERN , Carpet Cleaning Works.; 1809 Har-
rison st. ; Al. cleaning, - ac. ; FRED HAGE-
. PORN : & i CO. : ■ phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. ' 240 Fourteenth \ St.— First-class
.carpet cleaning, 3c yard.. Tel.' Mission .74.%
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
: tel. Main 394. QEO. WALOOM & CO.*., Props.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. 'Mission 263."
-." T ' * CREDIT r CTjOTHIESS.
;C.'F.i ADAMS ;CQ., ;318 < Mason jst. — Clothing,
'*-.'} for, everybody from hat. to 'shoes; (you can'get!
.■ what ; you want \ from us ' and have it charged.
HAVE AS COMPLETE A STOCK OF
c A TTQ"FT A HTTON
ctjOthihg beitovathtq.
SUITS cleaned and pressed, $1 ; scouring . and
dyeing. Bon Marche, Examiner bldg., r. 410;
'~ phone Drumm 44. Call for and deliver free.
DEHTISTS.
A NEW plate — The Whalebone — Cannot break-
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; filllngs.SOc:
plates, $5; full set: all work painless ' and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 2t Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
. from $8 per set; extracting, 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Keamy.cor. Bush—
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fllllngs.25c
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns. $2; no
paln;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewltt,204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CH1SHOLM, surgeon-dentlst.r.H.lst
floor. Phelan bid.. 808 Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st. and Grant ave.
DRESSMAKEKS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating.' Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.
DRESSMAKING and parlor millinery. 928
Post st. ■ • -
EDUCATIOITA1.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
rchool for university, law and medical col-
leges; refe. President Jordan or any Stanford
profeycr; day, evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayres Business Col-'
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; »5 month: life scholarship
$50; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gereon School of Acting, the Iargent
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed, i
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg. I
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post St.. S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college;' new. large rooms:
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College. 738 Mission.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec., mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1884. Van
der Nallli-n School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING. Eng.. Math.. . etc; day and
eve. ; Individual lnstr. 305 Larkin St.. Prof.
T. A. Robinson, former pres. Pac. Bus. Col.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post. St.
Established 1663:" largest In the West: an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
471essonspitman shorthand and hold anypositlcn;
gtiar. ;€0 court reportlng;*'slnKle-paKe method"
bookke-plng. Western Bus. Col.. 1231 Market.
CLASSES m short story writing and Journalism
meet on Hon.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 n. m.. 333
Phelan bldg.: term* very reasonable.
A— OALLAGHKR ->MARSH BUSINESS COL-
LEGE.~1S82 Market st. Send for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., C02 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. . R. H. Webster, Pres.
BOOKKEEPING— Save ttrne, gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano, $3 per month;
vocal lessons $1. 82S Haieht ft.
EMBROIDERY lessons given; call afternoons.
475 Eddy st. •
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 343 Halght;
individual Instruct.: all branches: day. eve.
CHICAGO Business College, 1584 Market— Posi-
tions, short hr.nd. typing, bookkeeping; $3 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor"!y by mall and per-
sonally. MiFs M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PARTINGTON'S. 424' Pine at.— Night class.
6PANI.SH.French.etc. Prof. De Fllippe'sAcademy
of languages. 101 8 Post: e»t.lS71:ableft profs.
orrioEs. .
I A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city or cpuntry.
S. 1MURA, 839 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A— ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese.
Chinese help. 426 Powell st.; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office, 415 Stockton:
best help. Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. Tel. Bush 839.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
FIRST-CLASS American woman, out of means,
wants to ko in good steady home; wash
rtishes or other light work; Is a good plain
cook: carfare. $2 50 week. Address 106%
Third, st.. room 25. first flight.
AN experienced younir lady stenographer, with
fair knowledge of bookkeeping desires posi-
tion: salary $30; with chance of advance-
ment. Box 1104. Call.
A GOOD German and American cook wbuld
like to get a place; reference may be given;
wages not less than $30. Box 1116, Call.
A YOUNG French girl wishes situation for
second work and waiting: best of references.
Address 1S-7 Vallejo St.
ELDERLY woman wishes a position as house-
keeper; light work. 130 '•Fifth st., between
Howard and Mission.
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish woman wants place
In small family; * good cook; wages $25.
5O8',i Jessie »t., near Sixth.
COMPETENT woman, good cook, assist in
housework: city or country; refs. 267 Minna
st , n«»«r Fourth.
A NEAT woman 1 would do light housework
and assist with children. Box 1618, IOCS
Market st.
WOMAN wants to wash dishes or other light
work; is a good plain cook. Addrr«3 1C6V4
Third at., room 25, first flight; carfare.
A STRONG young woman to go out by the
day; Is a good washer and ironer, or will
do housecleaning; $1 DO and carfare. .''Call
1173 Howard St.
LADY stenographer, several years' experience,
wants permanent position, wholesale house;
understands billing and general office work.
Box 1541. Call.
COMPETENT nurse wishes engagements, con-
finements or Invalids; careful, cheerful,
painstaking: references. MRS. KING, 1153
■ Turk et.
EXPERIENCED stenographer owning machine
desires position; salary moderate. Box 1C90.
Call office. .,■■■' '
WANTED — Position as restaurant cashier: ex-
perienced: references. Address box 1431,
Call office.
A COMPETENT and well-experienced stenog-
rapher, typewriter * and - general office as-
sistant desires position. Box 1260. Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker would like more
engagements In families; SI 60 day, carfare.
Call or, write MRS. DEBARR. 435 4th st.
A NEAT young woman wishes light housework
In a small private family. Address box
1079. Call office. .„
A YOUNG" refined colored lady would like a
position as nurse girl: wages $20 to $25.
Apply to 1006 Clay St. , . .'.''■-'■' ■■-" : ■ "
COMPETENT, woman wishes laundry -work or
cooking .by v the day. Apply 1503% Market
" tt.. near Eleventh. , ' .. '
WANTED — Situation to wait on an invalid
and do little housework;- will answer ■ on
Tuesday. Box 1223. Call office.
BY a refined young lady: office or store work
preferred:- good penman and quick at figur-
ing." Call at 170 Elm ave.: v phone Page 1833.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, stranger in
city, competent, reliable, rapid and accurate,
desires position; 0 years' experience; best of
. refs. Address MISS E. H., P. O. box 313.
Oakland. . .
WANTED-^-Positlon as saleslady in millinery:
> 8 years' ■ experience. . St. . Kathryn . Hotel.
room 253.. -.,-',. .
ENGLISH governess (late of- Paris) wishes
. employment; X speaks good German. Box
' 1722. Call office. ;■;•• .
GIRL would like to run errands. Address 306
,; Kearny : st.' : < '■, :-.- • .■• •'.■ <■ . ■■■■.- . -: -., -. ...
A .'WOMAN '."wants work -the day washing
: or housecleaning. ' '.- Call • at ; 365 ■ Minna at. ; .
POSITION as housekeeper. Address MRS. A. E.
.. ALLEN,: 670 Sycamore St.. Oakland.
WOMAN wants -work by : the day. 314 Third
'.; street." r;' •: ' ' - . ' ■'■ .-[ :' . '. :
WANTED— Position as seamstress. Box 1465.
''Call otflce. - ■
LADY- wishes position 'as cook. Box 1416, Call
■■;: office.';;. ;_ v ... ; -- .-,._■• ;>--■-,<■-,<■.. _■ ,— ....
JAPANESE' : woman, can't ' speak .; English,'
. : wants ■ position < general ( housework ; - Japanese
: man wants position,' housework 'or. dlshwash-
y~tt:; OGAMADA';423 Stevenson st"
ia^^OTKEarT*'W'AHTl!I>--0Pem»l«>--C<m
GOOD cook would like to get a place. Box
127S. Call office.
WANTED— Fine laundry work. Apply 631
Stevenson st. .""-*' ' y * .-.. ■:'■ '''
A COLORED woman wishes children to care
for at home. 127 Second st. ■ *
DRESSMAKING in families or hotel; all kinds
of work; quick sewer; $1 25 a day. 1325 Call.
YOUNG lady wants position as companion to
elderly lady. Apply 1367 Mason st.
STENOGRAPHER desires position in any kind
of office. Box 1668. Call.
REFINED woman wishes position in doctor's
or dentist's office: best refs. Box 1621. Call
EMPIQ YTOSST WANTEP— MALB.
WANTED — Position on ranch by young man
22; good references; understands Incubators
and poultry raising; good home. Address J.
GORDON. 762 Cameron st.. East Oakland. ;
WANTED — By a German, position to milk
cows., tend horses or take care of place; ref.
Address GEORGE WOLLAP, Dominican Sls-
ters. Twenty- fourth and Guerrero ata.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants position; un-
derstands gardening, pruning, etc.: handy
with carpenter tools and horses. Box 11S5.
Call office.
YOUNG man. first-class hostler, driver, good
handy man and gardener, wants situation.
Box 1403, Call.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind; under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden, etc.
Box 1048.
PRINTER (young man), good all around man.
steady and sober, wishes position. Box
1405. Call.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady work even-
Ings. Saturdays and Sundays. Box 1262. Call.
CARPENTER, non-union, can plan building.
wants work. Box 1400. Call.
BRIGHT young man wishes position as travel-
ing agent. W. H.. 137 Third st.
WANTED — By a man with considerable hospi-
tal experience, invalid and traveling compan-
ion, a position in any of the above capacities;
first-clnss references If required. Address
box 1114. Call.
A JOB as saw-flier, from a butcher saw to a
circular and band saw; good reference can
-be gtvjen. Box 1180. Call office. '
COACHMAN Job wanted by a young, sober,
steady man; can milk; best of references.
Box 1131. Call office. t-.-^'j
YOUNG man wants work of any kind. Box
1073. Call. -
A CAPABLE and experienced" married farmer
wishes a position as working foreman on
small stock, fruit or grain ranch; thorough-
ly understands stock and ranch work In all
its branches; competent to take full charge:
can furnished the best of references if neces-
sary. Address FARMER, box 1176^ Call.
YOUNG man, honest and obliging, wishes work
of any kind between 8 to 10 a. m. and be-
tween 4:30 to 11:30 p. m. ; can furnish fine
reference*. ARTHUR MORSE, box 1515.
Call office.
AN up-to-date cutter of gents' garments from
the East desire* position; capable to take full
charge. O. P. PALMER, 1439 Irving St.. West
Berkeley.
COLORED man wishes position as butler or
j porter; useful man around gentleman's house;
has first-class refs. W. CHOCLATE. IS
Seventh st./ room 19.
BRIGHT; honest young man of 17 years wishes
to work In wholesale house. In stock or II!
orders: one not afraid of work; best of ref-
erences. 1115 Stelner st.
LIBERAL reward given to anybody who can
find a steady job for a first-class all around
blacksmith; strictly sober and reliable. Box
1038, Call.
YOUNG Dane, age 23, wishes position as book-
keeper's assistant; 10 years' experience la
Denmark; speaks English and German; $10
week. Bos 1611. Call office.
PAINTER and 'tlnter, must have employment;
highest class of work and strictly business:
"Promptness and neatness" my motto. Box
1721. Call.
POSITION wanted — Candy-maker wishes em-
ployment. Address I. E. JOHNSON. 804
Lyon st.
COLLECTOR and bookkeeper; hustler: lumber
and hardware; ample security; wants work;
no soliciting. Box 1601, Call office.
GERMAN wants work of any kind: porter or
night watchman. Apply 1433 Fifteenth ave..
south.
EXPERIENCED, sober and Industrious man
wants position as ranch foreman. 144 Pre-
clta ave., city.
COMPETENT man would like a place in a
liquor store or saloon for the whole or half
•Jay. A. R.. box 1242. Call office.
STEADY man wishes position in office bulld-
itrg; all- round man; city references. Box
1283. Call office. .-:;/;-■
COMPETENT, reliable attendant wishes per-
manent position with invalid or mental pa-
tient; references. Box 1227, Call office.
GARDENER, competent (single German), ref-
erences, wishes situation. Address box 1634,
Call office.
YOUNG man. good references, desires a situa-
tion in grocery or other work. Address box
1274. Call office.
A NO. 1 bread baker. Just arrived from the
Ea«t. wishes Job.; city or country. Address
Baker. 81 Third at.
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady work even-
■ ings, Saturdays and Sundays; state wages.
Box 12«2. Call.
YOUNG man wants position as driver or work
in store; good references. 12S8 Eddy st.
A MAN wishes a position around a gentleman's
place; care of horses and garden. Address
J. H.. 25SV4 Tehama st.
STEADY, reliable Scandinavian wants work of
any kind; can drive and care for horse. Box
1323. Call office.
NICE boy wants any work In downtown out-
room r meal; Japanese. GEORGE. 715 Sac-
ramento St.. phone Black 1871.
GARDENER: well experienced, thoroughly, re-
liable, wishes position; good references. L.
G.. box 1175. Call office^ -V ..-
PAINTER, paperhanger'and tlnter: has tools.
Address Painter. 1620 Eddy st. Phone West
2283. .:>.,-■
JAPANESE high school student wants a posi-
tion as schoolboy in small, good family;
plain cooking and waiting understood. K.
FUJI, box 1187. Call.
JAPANESE, good cook, wants a position in
small family, city or country; has best ref-
erences. SAKU 1 . 417 Jon«s St.
RELIABLE Japanese boy who understands
English, wishes position to do general house-
work and cooking In a small family in the
city. Address I. SAWAI. 3,15% Stockton st.
HONEST Japanese wishes position as school-
boy or housework or kitchen help. HARRY
KATO, 528 Stevenson st.
JAPANESE, young man, wants to work morn-
Ing and evening in a family. Box 1404, Call.
JAPANESE college student wants home; good
cook: references; $2 50 weekly. Address SU-
GIURA. 1S43 Webster st.; phone Jackson
3641 after 4.
JAPANESE high school student wants position
as' helper ■■ before and after school In good
family; plain cook: waiter; good refs. S.
FUJI, box 1037. Call.
A JAPANESE very honest boy want* position
at housework or in store, city or country;
$« a week. 690 Valencia st. ; tel. Church
1215. •
A RELIABLE Japanese boy. who understands
English, wishes position to do general house-
work and cooking In a .small family In the
city. Address I. SAWAI. 315% Stockton st.
A NICE young Japanese boy wlshea to work
aa schoolboy in a small family. F. S.. 2237
Jackson st.
AN honest, strong Japanese boy wants a posi-
tion a* housewcrker in good family. 8. ABE
J. G. S.." 725 Geary st. :
A JAPANESE experienced cook wants position
In private family. 1812 Devlsadero at. ; tel.
Scott 241. •
JAPANESE .wants position as waiter or In
! pharmacy cr. saloon. Address) D. K. S.. 1200
Ninth ave.. city.
JAPANESE, honest, good cook, wants position
In family, city or country; has good ref.: $7
TAKA. 417 Jones st. . , *
AN honeft. diligent Japanese boy wants a po-
sition: cooking and general housework; 16
up a week. Y. SATO. 725 Geary st. .
JA PANESE would like work In family. H B
.- : 61 < Minna > tt. - - .
CHINESE first-class cook;;' Charley; general
'. -housework and dish boy.., AH FOO 27
.--Waverly! place." ..",";-: *
: CHINESE/ first-class cook. 5 want* ' place. 833
Washington. WONG S1NQ.
EMPXOTMEJrT WAgTEP— MaJ«— Con.
BOY would like a position In drug store; best
of references. Box 1623. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes position in a> wholes*!*
house. Box 1687, Call office.
LATHE hand wants work. 1121 Vallejo st.
WANTED — Position as errand boy. 511 Minna
street.
POSITION wanted by a painter. Box 1083,
Call office.
ECTIMA CURB. •£<*_ [
$10O FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber itch that I can't cure: a trial treat*
ment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st.
TOTAlfCXATj.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid In $4,600.000 00
Surplus « <»t0.»01 M
Issues
Six per cant
Investment Certificates)
At par.
Office — No. 14 Sansom* at*
San Francisco, Cal.
COMPANIES formed: mining or patents: stock
sold: strong Eastern connections; advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossl«y bldg.
TOATS TO U1T.
A— HOUSES and fiats to let: an Immesse list;
service absolutely fr*e: take advantage of
this department; It will save you time and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 243-60 Geary
St.. on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and fiats to let; every de-
sirable vacant place in San Francisco on
our lists: servfc-e absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come In and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "we
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company,
1089 Market St.. cpp. McAllister.
ELEGANT new upper flat; 8 rooms, with at-
' tic, beamed ceiling, paneled dining-room;
rent low. 1338 McAllister, near Stelner.
140^ — FINE flat 7 sunny rooms, bathroom, 3
attic rocms and ba.-ernent. 142S Green st..
near Van Ness ave.
GOLD&N GATE. nr. Central ave. — New sunny
fiats, tinted, frescoed. 5 rooms, bath, $30; 9
rooms, bath, attic. $35: open dally.
TURK. 1161, adjoining Jefferson Park— New.
elegant 9- room upper flat; every room fiood-
ed with ranshlne.
A LOWER flat of 4 rooms, large hall. gas.
yard; rent $12. 1510 tj Leavenworth st.
ALPINE}. 49. bet. Waller st. and Duboc ave.
and Devlsadero— Pretty 5- room sunny flat.
711 CASTRO St.. near Twentletij — Lower flat 5
rooms, bath: $21.
DALE place, 8. off Golden Gat* ave., near
Hyde^ — 6 rooms and bath; no children.
ELEGANT new flat. 6 largo sunny rooms and
bath. 1737 Page st.. near Golden Gate. Park.
FLAT of 5 rooms, bath, gas. 20 Bluxome st..
near Fourth.
FLAT of 7 rocms and bath; 1193 Turk St.. cor-
ner Buchanan; reasonable to good tenant.
FLORIDA. 1168. nr. 24th— Modern, new upper
flat. 5 rooms; rent $22 50.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 2023. nr. Lyon St.— De-
sirabie upper flat; <J r. and b. : rent r*as.
HILL. 827— Upper flat of S rooms and bath;
near Castro.
LARGEST list of house* and flats to let. Call
on LYON & HOAG. 116 Montgomery st.
MODERN sunny flat of 5 rooms and bath.
4124 Twenty-sixth st., near Noe and Castro.
SMALL, coxy, new flat. 3C21 Twenty-fifth st.,
near San Jose ave.
2810 PINE— Sunny upper flat of 7 rooms and
bath; rent reasonable; large sunny yarJ.
TENTH are.. 2S1. Richmond District — Upper
/flat. 6 r. ; will tint suit tenant; rent $27 0f».
VALENCIA. 622— Upper flat. 4 large- sunny
rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
$12— UPPER flat, of 4 rooms, to let. 224 Har-
riet st.. near Harrison.
$25 — FLAT. 6 sunny rooms and bath; water
and ashman free. 524 Fell st.
$25 — NEW sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath.
Northwest corner Noe and 24th sts.
rUlTS FOR SALE — PUBLISHED.
FOR sale — Massive oak bedroom furniture an«1
- other furniture and carpets; all new. Call
after 1 p. m.. 249 Noe st.
A FURNISHED flat of 6 rooms, with 2 perma-
nent roomers; marine- view: cheap rent.
lllOVi Filbert, near Hyde. Call after la
SANCHEZ, 1211 — Furnished 4-rocra, sunny up-
per flat; going East; must sell; low rent.
. ' — | 1 — — -
FLAT of 4 furnished rooms for sal*. 390 F1I1-
'- more St.. near Page. - >
FOR sale— An 8-room furnished flat. C«n be-
tween 8 and 2. 1H"O Ellis st.
NICELY furnished flat. 7 rooms and bath: bar-
gain: must sell before 6th. 952 Ptna st.
PLATS TO I»ET — rUHTTISHED.
SUNNY flat — Six nicely furnished rooms;
adults. 438 Fourteenth st.
FTTSx* ii u JtE WASTED.
—""■" ABE LEVY. ~~ ■"-"■"■ ""*"'
Salesroom. 1135 Market st. Tel. J**st» 79U
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fnr-
Pltore. etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 30 per cent more for furniture thaa
dealers or will sett en commission. L. H.
BURP, auc. 1638 Market: phone Jeaat* 23M.
CALL on Alfred "Wollpert. 773 Mission st. b»-
fore selling your furniture. Phone Red 448X
■ jtE fOB «*t,|i
HENRY MAYER pays highest price* for fur-
niture, carpets, etc 783 Mission; tel. Bush 313
WALNUT parlor set for sale, *tc. 255 Thir-
teenth st.. bet. Howard and Mission.
JBDEj^P^ WAarTEP— 1TMAIJ.
COOK for boardlng-house> $25
General housework girt, no wash....... $;a
Twwcof/ 3 ,••••••• **> *nd S33
Cook. Menlo Park $30
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, south.... $23*
Housework, Mare Island, no wash $.»*>
Housework. 3 in family, S<ockton !$3»>
Cook for one lady £v>
Chambermaid, wait. one meal ,.....;. .."..$2I>
Upstairs work and nurse .!$2«
German upstairs girl and seamstress... $25
Hou«»rort. Oakland $25
And 40 girl* for housework, city and country
$25 and $30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st.
A— WANTED— Girls to learn nairdxessiag.
manicuring, etc.; trad* taught from A to Z
In Z weeks: tuition $3 to those entering now-
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
rU^ r *. nt^* < l,, llt * 10 P« r week «P: leading
school to West. 233 Geary st.. room 13.
WANTED— Girls to learn millinery no-w for
spring season; both seasons taught from start
to finish In one month for $3; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up: 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlora 143 Stockton st.. r. 10.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdressJng.
manicuring, electric massage, etc. ; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions: only
recognized college of Us kind on coast- day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
daced prices. 133 Powell st.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies; those fa-
millar with crockery preferred: giv* refer-
iw' c^n*offl nce and *"*"• "P*"**- Box
A COMPETENT woman wanted in boardlng-
house to wait at table and help. In kitchen:
wages $6 a week. Call at 216A Second st.
RESPECTABLE young lady light work~ln of-
flce; small wages. Call, with references. 473
Valencia st.
WANT a good cook and housekeeper; 3 In
family; wages $20. Box llS3..Call office. * ■,
GIRL to assist in housework; 3 adults; wages j
$!&■ 230O Leavenworth st. ' '
NEAT young girl to assist with light hoase-
work. Apply 1334 Buchanan st.
WOMAN for housework; wages $25. Inquire
lumber yard, corner Army and Condon sts.
A-F1N13HEU wanted on fin* custom coats;
steady work; good pay. 533 Natcma st.
GOOD restaurant waitress; wages $8 a w«*k;
one day off. 7. Taylor ati .
GIRL as waitress, oyster house, city. $23.
Girt for housework, no cooking.
Cal. Erop. Agency. 14 3d St.; teU Boab 40&FOR ANY NEED- AS THE LARGEST- j j AV/r. \/7ir)|F"T\/ HP M PDri-l TTM PiKP
department stores i I A V L V r\\x I L- \ 1 \J\ I I l—K V^I \r\\ \J \J OL
HEZ P W A2TTEP— rCM AIje— Contln nea.
..Till: HOUATX^SHIRk REGISTER. RENT-
ING AND AiiV. COMPANY.
eir-a:r -Zr^m mix., ccr. Tth-Mkt. South 104.
TTventi -live j#os:tion« r»pen for nurse, house-
work sirls aasJ cook*. $13 to $^5 menth.
■ ts*>.: 4l i:ef. eipcrit-r.ccJ. $30 to $4S.
Waitress !cr *r*r*J] city hotel. $20 roo.. rocm.
V."*nr*>* fer restaurant in city. $$ week.
Waltrecces and tea girl* for ou: of town. $25
rr.i-r.th.
' Waitress* « for city hotel. $25 month.
l"xj-«T>n<-<-vi leather Irumtr. top raifcry.
V.iurg lady Ftencsrafher. *5 week ntart.
Attractive girl*. exr>., candy Ftciv. $'i to $S.
A-i oide:ly woman to •. ..: care small house;
'no »a5,»ing. n . Ikmm; irmll vrtttff.
Experienced chocolate dipper*, good pay.
AA-^<2E0nGB DAVIS & CO..
E— ptoymest At<nr*-. i:;i) iitrtome *t. r. 9.
Salt *:a*!y. fur store, $12 week.
Stenographer acd assistant bookkeeper, $10
week.
SU—arcapbrr, t'.o wec-k.
T*ady h ather burner a?A cierk. $9 week.
Experienced bookbindrrr. $10 week.
V raprxr. $1 day.
4 <-r-«coIate dippers. $:' week.
Girl do Mrlrpi^g, tr>bar<v> nor*. $5 week.
Ladies. r,ork <,r\ rn»tls«i-jr, $9 week.
I»t?r'~n»trator. $0 week ' : >. .
A <"OOK for a large institution In city. $40.
A gir; for ccokiiiK ati'l housework in Berke-
ley. $-:■>. UIS^ PLi'NKETT. 425 Sutter St..
near Powell.
A '-"OK. $.'.»>: HO house girls, $30 eaoh: 6
hi«uw- pins. f_> *ach; house girl. Sausalito,
•30; • Berkeley, JCV JJRS. NORTON. MS
Mawn Ft. _
WANTED— A gvj.i h'rusewerk girl; no cooking;
rrjrt «»ie sritfe P>o3 reference*; a clean,
capable, reliable girl, with some knowle<ig<>
of table waiting; a c-x»d home and good
w*ges is i.ffered to such a girl at lOW Do-
lores St.. ciiy. between 23d and 24th.
TOUNG laCy who is an experienced dry S"**ia
wrapper mantel. Apply bet. 9 and 11 a. ra.
a: H A LE BROS'.
WANTTI— ■ Younc ledy who is an experienced
dry *■•*»*.* cashJET. Apply bet 9 and 11 a. m.
ai HALE BROS'.
EXPERIENCED saleswomen warned. Apply
bet. 'J and 11 s. m. at HALE BROS'.
WA3CTSO — A neat German woman to do
cnokir.g anj housework: wages $30. 737
. Buena Vista arc. ; take Haight-st. car. get
off at Ontral ave.
LADIE? for steady home employment: $8 and
$:2 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket «... room «1«.
WOMAN BSftthaal experience; good opportunity
to >am a business m whi<-h there is oppor-
. tuclty foi advancement. Box 1*92. Call.
TTAimrn ' OlIIIHII or Swedish slrt for gen-
eral housework and cooking. 534 Capp et.
Call mcrnlng.
A NEAT, reliable girl for general housework:
tiMA home, good wages. 4C3 Fourteenth *t
WASTED — Good cock; must do some washing.
Apply 1SC0 California st.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chute*. C p. m. Wednesday: salary no object
GIRL for housework: no cooking or washing;
kf-r kpomi vages $12. 1*70 Sutter st
TUCKERS on ladies' waists and children's
wtar. 000 .".'.--:. st. 3d floor.
OPERATORS on lafilr-s' waists. CM Mission
«.. .ii St.
OPERATORS cn ladies" underwear. 656 Mls-
► :on st.. 3d ti<ycr.
OPERATORS on lsilf* wash overskir.s. 658
Hltttffli ft.. 3d floor.
MACHINE operators on men's shoe uppers. W.
£. & I.. Co.. lPtb and Bryant ave.
■Vi'AXTED — Good proofreader: state experience.
Ad -ires* TVx T2</>. <"a!I office.
GIKL frr r»neral hrasework. S4S Thirtieth St.
Oakland : call before nocn.
_^ H_LF WACTED — MALE.
• AAA— PERRY S MERCANTILE BUREAU,
&«5 Market st.. rouni 'J2Z>. Sfth floor.
Office hours. 'J a. m. to 5 D. m.
Bookkeeper's as-i?tart $15 to $25 week
*=teno«rrapher $15 treek
Mfcnairer department store $^5 wetk
BUI and er.rry clerk $15 week
trrvg clerk $12 week
Checker $15 we*k
Timekeeper $15 week
Arecttr.Ta-t $13 to TZZ week
Collector , $15 week
Floor irsansger *1-S week
T\»o shipping clerks $13 week
'lertera! efflce work $15 week
<*le r k. city or country $15 week
Yccr.g man. >ara dentistry $10 week,
*W Market st.. room :525. fifth floor.
THE Ror._yr.-Shirk Register. Renting ar.d
Adv. Co.. O2-CU Grant bldg.. cor. 7th ar.d
■ Market els.; South 101 — 2 practical watch
irakers. benrh hands, $25 week; an all-rounj
watchmaker. Jeweler a.nd engraver, Cne posi-
tion to rijrfct man.
An Al clock repairer, steady. $15 to $20
week: shoe talesmen, good men. $15. $16, $20
«e*k: domestic salesman, cut of town. $40
to $'•('; piano salesman, city acquaintance.
$70ii month; exi*rienced wrappers, clothing
• tiore.
TEE NATIONAL EMPLOYES RECORD CO.
Ptrorg prtrter. $50 month to start.
Jewelry e-nrraver, *150.
>« rr if tart wrapjjer. $22 50.
• "a>hier and assistant bookkeeper. $20.
OTSce :- .--■«■:.:-• . wholezaJe grocery, $20.
4 tailor salesmen, good pay.
Hoys. cfCces and stores. $3 to $6.
Extract and cleaner rtlerman. city.
Maiv other positions open. Call at c'flce.
Cl Ttlr<3 «.. rooms 9 and 10.,
AT HORD * SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agent*. US Third st.
B»rt«rnd»r. $25 an! found, near city.
Cf>r-a; rcan fcr MLznp. $S5 and found. Bay
Fhcre.
Dr* man. experienced. $15 to $20.
6rl!c!tor for tea and coSee, big inducements
kvr.zirr County, teamsters, $2.
TTrEWRITER who can do draugfctlng; office
clerk for surreying *.nd ■ ooe*tniction work ;
man to n-:«» alfalfa, cn shares: shift bos*
for quicksilver mine. $3 day; driller. $3 day;
Teamrter. $1 25 and brard. and other*. J.
F. »?RQgETT * CO.; <2S Eacrsmer.f> st
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
14 Third rt.; phone .Bush 405.
Purpiies at a rmtneut'e notice; skilled or
•cr-.tlciUed workmen to contractors or others;
<"ty or country- Heln secured free.
X— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Mon-.go-nery. r. "l2.
2 »a.ters who can tend bar. $50; dishwasher.
»■ * all country job*.
WANTED — Young man to do billing; must b*
11 rapid, legible writer. Apply between 9
and!! *. m. at HALE BROS.'
7TRST-CLA£S dress goods salesman wanted.
Apply between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE
BROS.'
"WANTED — Bright ;■ tzr.t man to sell wheeled
goods. Apply between 9 and 11 a. tn. at
KALE BROS.'
WANTED— a j*rtr.er in a No. 1 busin***: w:!l
ciear $75 ptr month: cash reculred. $400.
For particulars 2S3 Fourth st. barber shop.
WANTED — Ore cr two men to learn a trafie:
lsa*S ham $!0 for security; no Sunday work.
_ c *- n 2::! Firw ■*• ;
WANTED — Tiry to work In a beer bottllrg
eytar.iifhis'rnt Inquire 1510 E11!« rt.
WANTED- StTograpri'r. not over 25 year*
• ' Et*t0 s»», ext<er-.enc*. Bex 1401. Call.
EXPI^ilENCED dishwasher in small resting
rant. .: -' Market st. r'-sr Sixteenth.
BOY about 15 fcr men'* furnishing store; Ger-
man preferred. «24 Kearny st.
BOY with some experience !n grocery and bar.
S<\erit*-enth and Eureka *ts.
- iirST **11 2-chalr barber shop; 4 living rooms.
His<cr.. tt Tw «r.ty-flr*t.
rr-U s;.:,_ij a :r interest in 4 -chair barber shop.
122 Third at ,;v ' 1
YOUNG r.xn who Is an experienced dry roods '
wrarper wauted. ArPly between 9 aad 11
a. ra. at HALE BROS.'
WANTEU— Young man who understands crat-
«»-r t S- r *«T,, At ?' r b « w «*» » and 11 ». m. at
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman wanted Ap.
f !y between » ar.d 11 a. m. at HALE nRQg/
OET jxur thoe. half-soled while waiaag; 25c
lc "^--J 571 Mk*! 1 * «.. bet Jet aa j 2d su
cr 11 Third n.. Kxarr.iner buiidlpg:
WANTED— Good v.aiter: German' 21S4 Foi. J
■ , ; <
CHANCE fcr two young r.-.'.n to learn the
barrvr trade free "I Mission *t.
TOUNG n-.an with s.-.tne cash for rood busl-
n-^s: will make $300 mo. Box 1C33, Call.
EA«J?_HS— One &f the best-paying kh/>pa. with
>ath». ia Ko«-.d '■»«« town, at a ba:*a!s- call
.'ar.a l*t-y» errtain. DECKELilAN BROS,
lto; E"i* *t.
EXILOUS and ordinary eeaaen for all nru of
the world et HERMAN'S. 28 SUoart *t.
A— MURRAY _ itEADT.CtJltC CLAY ST.
Fhene Main 584S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
We gave -l?»04 we hope to
W.WU men work in 1903. increase 60.(/CO.
COAL MINERS.
OREGON niEK FARE OREGON
FKEE FARE OREGON FREE FARE
25 23 25
Coal miners fcr a good m'.r.c in State of Ore-
iron; by contract, yard an<1 ten; big wages
can be ira<5e on this job: inquire about it.
COAL MINES OREGON. COAL MINES
FREB FARE KRfcE FREE FARE
Oo«»k and wife, mine, 30 rren, Nevada, $50
anj fcund.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SA1L.MAKEKS.
4 Milmakers cr sailors used to repairing
sails. $2 Mi to $4 day.
11 farm hand*. 4 milkers. ." choremen. bey*.
Port.-rs. kitchen hand* and dishwasher*.
DRUG CLERK.
Itc-gister'xJ <lrug clerk, rtty store. $G$.
Jgmes Kinsley, «onema#on. please report
Hewing machine operators fcr seyrtng sails,
$r r.0 day.
Bellboy, city hotel. $10 and found.
Milker anil wi:e. Port-gues?, r.ear city, $40
an'i fcund, ea^y job.
Bupgy washer, city Job. $70.
I MURRAY A BEADY. «34 and CSC Cay st
STECI A L— Bookkeeper and ftencgrapher: flrst-
t-l.-.-s countrj' position with chance for ad-
vancement ; see boss here.
Bookkeej>cr and stenographer for a ranch;
see bcsi> here.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 630 Clay *t
PLASTERER.
Plasterer: see boss here to-day, 10 a. m.; $.5
a day.
TINSMITH.
Tinsmith, city Job. $3 day.
Rough carpenter. citj\ $3 day.
l!ak«r's helper, city. $£3 and found.
I MURRAY & READY. CJ4 and U3C Clay *t
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPEN.
If you are a competent man. unemployed
cr dissatisfied with your position, we can
place you. Investigate our plan of securing
positions in clerical, technical and mercantile
lines, paying from $1000 to $5000 year. In-
terviews strictly confidential. Offices and
representatives in many cities. Commercial
Clearance Company, suite 415-16 Starr King
bidg.. 117 Geary st
MEN— The only original Moler Barber Colleg*
ttaches barber trade in S weeka; wages
earned while learning.
New quarter* and new appliances.
Call cr write for Illustrated catalogue.
Meier Barber College. t'A.i Sacramento st
Lately moved from Clay st
DRAUGHTSMAN wanted fcr gas engine nrnnu.
facturing company; competent of doing ac-
curate work: need not be capable of design-
ing: give references; good position for right
party. Address 3 D. box 12eS, Call.
BARBERS — Two-chair shop for sale at Reno,
New ; good business; combination and hy-
draulic chairs: price $-'{<.*>: r*nt $20. For
particulars call at DECKEL & PRESHER,
367 Twelfth et.. Oakland. Cal.
WANTED — By a large reap manufacturer. 3
fariters sons In each Suite, with rigs, to
call on the country merchants; salary $100 a
rccnth and expenses ana contract for one
year. Buffalo Chemical Co.. Buffalo, N. T.
A PLEASANT raced, fine appearing registered
rk3~tlclan and surgeon; mutt be quite gray,
but active: positively no other; no traveling:
salary $200 or more when well started. Call
• t 25 Third st. , .'. , - : :,v
■W ANTED — Men to prepare fcr railway mail,
internal revrnue and custom-house positdTne;
free catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tute, Grant M-'.s.. 10U5 Market; open evgs.
AN experienced gardener, who thoroughly un-
derstands the propagating of plants, orna-
mental bedd:np. greenhouse, fruit and vege-
tables. wi«hes situation; refs. Box 1300. Call.
WANTED — Mer. and women to learn the bar-
ber trade, under nrM-cla*!« inr»ructor: only 6
weeks required at G1LLETTS SCHOOL. 611
Commercial st.
BARBERS — 3-chalr shop for sale: rent, light
and water <hct and cold), $1C 50: income
$200 month; price $-150. MULLER & HALL.
82S Second st. Sacramento.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House.
217 Third et ; 250 rooms; 25c to 60c per night
TRY our men's shoes, union. made: $1 and II 54
pair: foot-form shoes, $2 5O; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St.. Exam, bid.; open till 8 p.m.
WANTED— Men to £11 350 rocm* «.t 20c per
Bight; clothe* closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. 681 Howard, nr. 3d.
MEN to learn the detective business: paid
while learning. 997 Market at., room 104.
MEN. learn the barber trade; tuition tre* to
lucky one. 741 Howard st
MEN wanted at 137 3d st. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery; sewed soles 10 mln.. 75c.
SAILORS and young men <green hands) for
chips. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson *t
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r.415.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40. Phelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. G. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms: 35c night; reading rocms;
free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, ©cr. Duncan and Church sts.
ALL vises nv-n'i shoe*, slightly damaged, half
price. 571 Ml««lon st.. bet. l«t and 2d sts.
HORSES^ AND WAGONS.
TWO carloads broke horses, weighing from
lfNX> t<» 160W pounds, at Western Horse Mar-
ket. E. STEWART & CO.. 220 Valencia.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col-
lege r.- ■» ready; mailed free upon application
to DH. E. J. CREELY. Pres.. 510 Golden Gate
CHEAP; one single and one double pendle top
wagon and 5 business wagons. 1503 Folsom.
NICE big young black horse; rider, driver;
$150. VICTOR, 1S23 Howard st.
FINE business buggy, light buggy, phaeton,
panel top deliver}- wagon cheap. 523 Fulton.
GOOD business horse for sale. $35: a bargain.
215 Twenty-seventh st. /. .1^;
WANTED — Business bugry: state condition
and price. Box 10!i5. Cell office.
BLACK horse. 6 year* old. for sale. Box 1C9°,
Call office. "/
FOR sale — Phaetcn and haixess. Box 4509,
Call office.
FOR* sale — 10 second-hand express wagens, one
single truck. 233 Beale st
AUCTION sale of borcts. wagons and harnesi
every Wednesday at 11 a. m. S27 Sixth st
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, fcr mailing. $1 per year.
HOUSES TO ■ XJBT. ■
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. G. H. TJMBSEN * CO.. 20 Montgomery
ELEGANT detached residence. 1318 Green *t;
marine view, garden: cheap; 11 rooms. Ap-'
ply 7S2 Mills building.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnished borne:
!"-( »■:<:'■ Heights; S rooms and bath. Box
737. Call effice.
HOUSES PUEKISHED — FOS SALE.
j FOR SALE — Partly furnished modern house.
7 rocm*. 2 baths. Inquire between 10 and 2
0.-1 Sunday or before 11 a. m. during week.
14P7 Masonic ave.
JONES. 0I9A — Well-furnished 7-room house;
few rooms rented; covers all expense*; rent
' $55; must be sold this week. .
FURNITURE and carpets. 5 rooms. 341 Eighth
ave.. Richmond District; cottage for rent
Apply 9 to 12 and after C p. ra.
MCALLISTER, 943 — Furniture 5 room*. $225,
in 7-room house. Call after Sunday.
SIXTH. '>06 — 5 room* complete for housekeep-
inir: cheap.. ■ ' ' .. '
" comoia to ict^^
$6 U>— COTTAGE, to sav« rent can keep chick-
ens. , etc. 172 Blake st.. near Geary st
cars. West - ■
lid 6-KOOM cottage on Cottage row. nr. Web- ■
ster. bet. Potter and Bush. Inquire No. 7.
_HOTEll
HOTEL~BALTIMORE. 1015 Van Ness ave.—
This rtnt-claes hotel, now being conducted cn !
American plan, especially for families for th* I
season or year. Location U unsurpassed. The
equipments are all modern, with every con-
venience-. The room* are large, rUlny aad
lorafortable: superb view; furnishings are «Ji
« I irant. Cu!*ine highest order. H/ C- SHAN-
NON, manager, formerly of Hotel Lar.gham,
N. T.. and Moana Hotel. Honolulu.
UTSTAXLMENT BUIxiJnjrO. -
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
Installment homes, 512 Caliaghan building.
will bu!ia on your property or buy you a lot;
■ JS a mcr.th pays principal and ■■ Interest ■ on
each $1000 of balance due, making your In-
itiltri *»>■ Uis than rent: send. for circular, i
THE SAX FRAXCISGO GALL,; TUESDAY, DECEMBER 6 ? 1904.
INVESTMENTS.
RAKH bargain; American Jl^rconi Wireless
stor-k at J.J W0 p»r share; transfer and quick
delivery guaranteed: can supply ai>y unlisted
stock at bargain price: write me your wants.
K. <.f1\Vt-F.R-T*IWAITE. Stockton. Cal.
LOST AND rOTTHP.
i LOST— Satchel containing $40 15 on Devlsa-
; dero st. bet. Haieht and Page: $10 reward.
; 4«-t> Twenty-second ave., Richmond district
I LOriT— Wed.ling ring at Herrlck's Fish Store.
2513 Mission St.; engraved inside. "From L.
to F., Oct.. 190.T'; finder return to above
address and receive reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco in the
name of SUSAN E. GALLICK, No. 234-962.
The finder will please return to bank. ■
LAUNCHES FOR HIRE.
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH Co7T~foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 534.
MATEXMONIAL.
A REFINED young lady would like to cor-
rtspend with an honorable gentleman; object'
matrimony; no agents. Box 1C76, Call office.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process; ; excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKE
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard st : phone South 216.
MEDICAL.
I LADIES who are in trouble or suffering from
! any ailment peculiar to their sex can find
immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience without a fail-
ure has put him at the bead. He guaran-
tees relief or no nay. . .
DR. WHITE, 702. Market st. rooms 7 and 8.
DRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe;
! eftab. 1SS4 in S. F. ; 26. years' experience;
' female complaints only; Drs. Goodwin is well
known to enjoy the Implicit confidence of
I ladlee suffering from Irregularities or other
» conditions: relief assured or no charge: avoid
; I delay; fee low; hours 2 to 4. aud 6:3Q to 8:30
p. tn. 850 Market Et., second floor, room 37.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the eldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When in
trouble cenfide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1. Est 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny st
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; Instant re-
lief guaranteed. 1006% Market st. opp. 5th,
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female
complaints and irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed: 30 years' experience. 044 Post st
VALPEAU'S remale pills; best regulating pills
sold; price $2 50 by express. Pasteur's syr-
inge and tablets: price $5. By express only
on receipt of price. OSGOOD BROTHERS,
wholesale druggists. Seventh and Broadway,
Oakland.
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on female
ccmplatnts; positively corrected; the unfortu-
nate helped: the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st
CANCERS, floating kidney rectal, eplnal dis-
eases cured painlessly. MRS. ADA, 1024 Mis-
sion st.
TALBOT BARNARD, Australian Nerve Spec-
ialist, has arrived; limited 'number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, nick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester. 219 Kearny
st ; relief guaranteed; no drurs.no operations.
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A Leavenworth at. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS:
ori-inal method of treatment 1120 Market
LADIES — Kumround: safe, cure, never fails;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2995 Folsom st, corner
2Qth: iadies. relief cr no fee; $10.
MISCELLANEOUS — FOR SALE.
2D-HAXD machinery, engine, boilers, '. pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc.. etc.. bought, sold,
rented and exchanged ; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO., 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines, 2d-nand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-187 Fremont st
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK?
Have you a leaky tin. shingle, felt or iron
roof r Cover It with Mastic Rooflng. It is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
decks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint "and
Ronflng Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about it. Elaterite Roofing Co., 713 Market.
FOR sale— Full stock of hunting dogs, broken
and unbroken; setters and spaniels. St Ber-
nard, collies, cockers, dachshund, skye, bull
and bull terriers; shipped to all parts C. O.
D. at half rates. College Kennels. 115 Haight
St.; phone Park 442. Dogs boarded.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds, jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first, payment
UNITED TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
BURNETT'S improved paint best preservative;
manufactured for all kinds of buildings,
wood or metal: underground or water and
above. Address or call 306 Parrott bldg.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin', gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st. :
FURS — Drummer will close out wholesale sam-
ple line; you «av e 50 to 100 per cent; after-
noons. 80:> Market st. room 50. Flood bldg.
A NEW Cadillac auto for sale; big reduction;
entirely equipped with extra*. Box 176S.
Call office
FOR sale — 10-horsepower gasoline engine; la
perfect order; reasonable price. Inquire Mt
Sycamcre st, Oakland.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert-suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stoofcton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's sh«es at $1 and $1 50 pair;
ff.ct-form shoes at $2 50; we pay express
charges. 11 3d st. Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery *t.. room 12. upstairs. ' ■
DOMESTIC sewing machine; new style;
drophead; oak; cheap. 1915 Mission st nr.
Fifteenth.
FOR sale — Thoroughbred fox terrier puppies at
reasonable price*. 1915 Eddy st
THOROUGHBRED Irish setter pup*. 1114
Venrcnt st. city. ■
A FINE large diamond and emerald cluster
ring; a big bargain; $350. lies thai. 10 6th st
WILLOW ave.. 8. off Larkin. near Eddy— Of-
fice de?k; roller top: $15.
FANCY pigeon*, rusts, homers, hen pigeons.
C. Wilson. 229 Stevenson; stamp for catalog.
FINE stereoptlcon and phonograph; a snap
109 Montcomery st
MINIATURE railroad; dirt cheap. 109 Mont-
gomery st
FORTUNE wheels to let at WINK'S, 17 City
, Hall ave. ;
HIGHEST cash price pair! for diamonds at
PAUL V. GARIN'S. 114 Sutter st
TOWEY'S furniture polish removes spots and
stains; free delivery. 370 Fell st.
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 623 Market st.
SAFES and cash registers: new and seconJ-
harifl. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market st. N
I 2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash.
. plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1607 Market.
FULL lino of drummers' sample* in grips and
1 trunks: for sale cheap at 25 Stockton st
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75! SECUR-
ITY. LOAN * TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton »t
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. SC7 Mission st; tel. South 81L
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental; i
bargains. Bullard A- Breck, 131 Post st
SAFES — New and second-hand. THE ; HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. 307 Battery st
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launch?*-
all size*. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
I ROOMS papered. $4 up: tinting, painting.'
I Hartinann Paint Co.. 319 Third: tel. Main 413.»
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAAA— Buys any amount good second-hand
clothing: special price for. fancy ladles'- and
men'* clothes. 922 Folsom: tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel.Dsvl* S25. C50 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER A- -CO., r. 406. Adams
bldg., rO6 Kearny st. ; phone Black 3036.
Levy & Redler. highest price for gents', cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. R t ed 1544. 615 Washington
Si MOHTEY TO LOAN.
—MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY (Inc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
...INTEREST 6% AND 0 PER CENT
CITY OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
I PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life Insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erty, probate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided interests in property
purchased.
.....MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 10V108 Crocker bldg.: phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN MURPHY,
' 601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements ;' no disappointments.
Have expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided inter-
ests assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc.: legacies, life estat's and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
Eee HERMAN MURPHY. _^
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
lit. 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of Interest.
Give full particulars
Location, etc.
Box 223. Call office.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co-.. 25 Stockton st, I
loans money/on diamonds, valuables, etc.. at !
i 2 per cent per month; nre and burglar-proof
safe; deposit vault on premises for free use j
of customer*. r |
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement knowledge of employer or
any one; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and «*t terms. Drake. 453 Parr.tt bid.
A — ON furniture or pianoe at lowest rates; no
removal: no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER, 30 Geary, room 3tt.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry, at 2
per cent interest Baldwin Jewelry Store.
X06 Market; tel. Main 1644. Branch 18 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, board ing-hou*es. without
security; easy payments; large business in 16
principal cities. TOLMAN. 653 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, Insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds, valuable*, etc UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st,
near Market. '_ .
TO salaried 'people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed notes and other security. S. ,
F. Discount Agency, 125-127 Phelan bldg.
PRIVATE — Money loaned on salaries without
security: diamond* or chattels; no fee; no
com.: cut rat*. Cal. Loan Oo.,523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commiralon; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 2tt Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st ■
MONEY loaned in sums from $10 upward; rea-
sonable interest A. O. Colton. 717 Mill* bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches. Jewelry;
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co.. 722 Mkt
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co.. 420 California st, rooms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co.. 912 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311. Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & Jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 53S Kearny.
Z% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN^room 81, 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndosser. MORRELL. CC9 Examiner building.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 paves, sent to any address in the
United f-tate!i or Canada nn> year fnr $1.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
A small upright, a snap $95
Btodart, mahogany case, fine condition... $135
Grovesteen & Fuller, full size concert.. $H&
Fischer, thoroughly repaired $100
Bechsteln, a high-grade German instru-
ment $170
Also a ■ Chickering, Voae, . Stelnway, Weber,
Mapon & Hamlln. Sterling and many others.
Easy payments. KK.VJ. CURTAZ & SON, It
O'Farrell st ■ -
A GKKAT opportunity— -We are closing out
our crtire Seattle, gtoch In -S.'- F. at prices
never heard of before ; ■ all ' make* ; your
term* are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed If
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO.. 235-237
Geary st.. 8. F. ; Oakland. 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Stelnway upright;
cost $700; price $285; will accept payments;
no reasonable cash offer refused. 237
Geary st. "
FOR -SALE — Two fine old master violins; grand
tone; at a bargain. 2514 McAllister st.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent $3
per month; one year's rental allowed If pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500; $1S3
take* it. 237 Geary St..
1 -
FISCHER upright; coet $350; will sell for $08.
237 Geary st.
FOR honest and fair dealing. Hornung Piano
House. 216 McAllister st.
ELEGANT uprtghts.new & 2d-hand.$45 to $500.
Pierce' s Piano Factory. Market and 14th sta.
SOHMER, Byrcn Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY. 308-312 Post st
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
menti SCHM1TZ & CO.. 16 McAllister tt
S-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickering baby grand;
•Bhoninger. little used. Keeffe's. 285 O'Farrell.
Sj OFFICES AHTP STORES TO IiET. "
A FEW more select business offices for rent in
the new building, SE. corner Montgomery
and Sacramento streets, single or in suites,
at reasonable prices; every office has cab-
inets with running water, electric light,
steam heat, pneumatic sweepers, safe and
all modern improvements up to date; light
heat and Janitor service included in the rent
G. H. UMB8EN & CO.. 20 Montgomery st
TO lease — A store In course of construction; in
. excellent location; brisk opportunity for dry
goods, temperance grocery, shoe store; floor
area 1700 square feet: ready Jan. 15: near
Market. Sixteenth and Noe sts.; $50. Box
1473. Call.
$> — SHOP suitable for any kind mechanical
business. C. J. BARRON. 1219 Market st.
OAK, cor. Broderick — Large store suitable for
grocery and saloon: opposite carhouse.
PUBC— ASRTG AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT. purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkin St.. room 49; tel. South 319.
PATENTS. ~
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market at
' " PEBS0«AXj8. __._,__
A FACE without a wrlDkle may be the pos-
session of any one who takes the full treat-
ment for the removal of facial imperfections
practiced by M. . ELLA HARRIS; simple
remedy, based upon scientific principles; per-
manent In effect; proofs shown; send for free
booklet "Hints on Beauty." M. ELLA HAR-
RIS. 12S Geary st .. .
AA— WHY look old? ■ i :_-
Fifteen-day rate will now be given by
MME. GILLINGHAM: a lady 72 years of
age with wrinkles and puffiness removed
from cne side of the face can be seen dally. I
143 Stockton st..' cor. Geary.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair I im-
proves its growtn,stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanse* .ecalp;at druggists', hairdressers': ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co..l33S Polk.
OXYGEN massage cures weakness ana nervous
troubles. Office. 320 Starr King bldg. 121
Geary «t MRS. HOLSHOUSER. magnetlo
specialist; ladles and gentlemen.
DE-TECTTVE— Private detective; all classes le-
gitimate work promptly attended to. HARRY
ROGERS. 816 . O'Farrell. Phone Sutter 2634.
IMPORTANT — Any one . knowing th* address
of FRANK G. O'NEIL will-receive a reward
If sent to box 1482. Call Office, 8. T., Cal.
FANCY and * silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estah.
1880. 2122 Flllmora st: phone Geary 205$.
AT less than cost: uncalled for suits, overcoat*
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor, 721 Market st; ■'■: ..■..-
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $150 per week. _T. BRILLIANT '
FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post st. near Powell.
ELECTRIC light ; baths; hot and cold tub
baths. 467' Geary st: ;;. -
C E." JEWETT. purchasing . agent: country ,
orders.305 Larkin,- r.' 49.' tel. South. 318.
SUITS to order on Installments of $1 per week.
NEUHAUS . CO.. : the tailors. 729 Market st
EASY Installments for" Men and Youths. - Suits
' to order.'. Co-operative Tallortns;, • HIT Mkt |
PEESONALS — Continued.
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O-'S B-U-L-L-E-T-I-N."
FEW SAMPLES OUT OF HUNDREDS.
•'REXRADIO'S" <non<inedical)' treatment for
ALL alleged INCURABLE diseases.
"REXRADIO'S" TERMS are moderate; con-
sultation, diagnosis FREE.
"NAMES" of patients (following) can be seen
at offices. _^
"PHYSICIAN." ONE OF THE MOST PROM-
INENT IN CITY. WAS, LAST WEEK.
PUBLICLY 'TREATED BY REXRADIO
FOR DEAFNESS. AND INSTANTLY
HEARD "WHISPER" AT 30 FEET.
"OSSIFIED" lady, Mrs. Knowles. 379 Bart-
lett, STILL freely moves her years' SOLID
Joints. ' . 1
"REXRADIO" quickly cured my agonizing,
crippling LUMBAGO.
"RKXRADIO'S" (first) treatment removed
my severe, chronic STOMACH trouble.
"REXRADIO" promptly, thoroughly cured my
dangerous LUNG disease.
"REXRADIO" instantly made my totally deaf
DEAF ear hear distant whisper.
"REXRADIO" cured my disabling SCIATICA;
I run, leap, easily.
"BEDRIDDEN" for years; I rose from bed
unaided; 1 treatment
"REXRADIO" Instantly cured my tongue
PARALYSIS and I spoke well.
"REXRADIO" speedily cured my PARALY-
SIS: I run and leap.
"REXRADIO" saved roe from Imminent
BLINDNESS: sight now perfect
"REXRADIO'S tew trearoents cured my
. CANCER, large as hen's egg. • ' ■ !
"REXRADIO'S " 1 treatment freed my AN- l
CHYLOSED helpless limbs. ,
'"REXRADIO' made my DEAF MUTE pa-
tient begin hear, gpeak.— PHYSICIAN.
"REXRADIO" cured us of 10 severe chronic
diseases; see us.
"REXRADIO" has cured many (distant) pa-
tients he has never seen.
"$1000 FORFEIT" if above statements are
' not absolutely TRUE.
"REXRADIO'S" new WEEKLY CIRCULAR
will interest you; call for it I
"REXRADIO'S" office hour* 2 to 7. Free
public healing TO-DAY, 2 and 8 p. m. CUT
OUT these ads for SICK FRIENDS. Ra-
dium. Hall, 1 Fourth st. (cor. Market)
$1 a week: suits to order $15 up. LEMO5, 1127
Market st. bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weakly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt. under St Nicholas.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. ;Fr*d Wagner. 850 Mark*t
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton. 30fl Sutter. Miss Eaton. 233 Geary.r.38
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 60; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor.cor.Bush and Dupont
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wiga;
country order*. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to its nautral color. 11 at all druggists'.
PHYSICIANS AND STTBGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL^-Ofnce i'and residence^
1C21H Market st. bet 6th and 7th; particu-
lar attention paid to disease* of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market et
REMOVED— DR. WONO HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st, now lo-
cated at 6C7 Geary st. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor — All dls-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 748-8 Clay st
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
poeltlvely cured; new 'methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottlngham. 204 Sutter.
PBOPOSAI.8.
DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR. Unitea
States Geological Survey, Reclamation Ser-
vice, Washington.D. C November 22, 1904 —
Sealed proposals will be received at the of-
fice of the United States Reclamation' Ser-
vice, Phoenix, Arizona, until 9 o'clock a,
m., January 5, 1005, for the delivery of 50,000
barrels, more or less, of fuel oil at Mesa or
Roosevelt Arizona, and for the hauling- of
I miscellaneous freight. Specifications and
forms of proposal may be obtained from
'Louis C. Hill. Engineer, United State* Geo-
logical Survey, Phoenix, Arizona, or from
the Chief Engineer. United States Geological
Survey. Washington, D. C. Each bid must
I be accompanied by a certified check for $1000
payable to the order of the Secretary of the
Interior, as a guaranty that the bidder will.
If successful, promptly execute a satisfactory
contract and furnish bond in the sum- of
$20,000 for the delivery of the oil and the
hauling. The right Is reserved to reject any
and all bids, to accept one part and reject
the other, and to waive technical defects,
as the interests of the service may require.
Bidders are invited to be present. Proposals
must be marked. "Proposals for the Delivery
of Oil for the Salt River Project, Arizona."
THOS. RYAN. Acting Secretary.
SEALED proposals. Indorsed "Proposals for
Dike." will be received at the Bureau of
Yards and Docks, Navy Department. Wash-
ington, until 11 o'clock a. m.. January 14,
in05, and then and there publicly opened,
for constructing a 2000- foot dike at the
Navy- Yard. Mare Island, Cal. Plan* and
sped flcat Ions can be seen at the Bureau or
will be furnished by the Commandant of ths
navy-yard named. MORDECAI T. ENDI-
COTT, Chief of Bureau. November 28, 1904.
$20,000 MUNICIPAL watvr work* bonds, town
of Wbeatland. for sale, untaxable. bearing 0
per cent Interest; serial 40 years: bids will
be received up to Monday. Dec. 5. 1904. cer-
tified check of 10 per cent to accompany bid.'
For information address R. N. MURPHY,
Town Clerk. Wheatland. Cal.
SEJJM^MA^HIWM^^nD^TrppjrjXES.
MAKE Christmas with a gift of a White; best
sewing machine on earth; prices from $10 to
$100: pay only $3 per month if you wish.
The new retail office of the Whit* is at 915
Market st
ALL makes: 2d hand. $2. $5. $7, $9; new.$4. $3;
drop heads, 5 drawer, golden oak,$15; rented.
repaired ;• lowest rates. . National Automatic
6. M. Co.. 145 Sixth at; tel. Jessie 3796.
i DOMESTIC — The machine for family use; best
Is cheapest: second-hand all ' makes at any
price: all kln>- rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. lf£l Markst st. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-band $3. $5. S3: slightly
- used $10 $13. $20; you know where th* dolls
•wing in th* window. 1051 Market at
ALL kinds bought sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CHA8. PLAMKECK. 1915 Mission *t
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions ha*
been opened at IOCS Market st. opposlt*
Fifth. Open until 11 p. tn.
STOSAOE AHP WABEHOITSBa.
A— EMPORIUM Storage ft Van Co.; furnTtnr*.
household goods stored, moved, ihlpped. 725-
T31 Howard st. nr. Third: phone Grant 16L
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 3 Eddy st:
phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPEK. pr**.;
t unJtur* moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage 4 Moving Co., of-
fice Po«t and Ptwell sts.; tel. Pri. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pas>. 2320 Fill more st; phone Jacluon 281.
BEKINS Van and 8torage Co.. 11 Uontgomtry
St.: tel. Main 1840. Shipping at cut rate*.
STOP DBIITKIKO.
GUARANTEED cure: send ,50c; tablet fonn";
mailed In olaln package: has cured thou-
sands. L^L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. a.P.
.TYPE WRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
" Smith Premier. $25; other ■ typewriters -at
. higher and lower prices; rentals $2 50. Th*
. Typewriter Exchange, 638 California st .
2D-HAND typewriter* sold, ranted, repaired.
W«b*ter Typewriting Inspec. Co.. 508 Market
" ' PrVTDBgP NOTICES.
DIVIDEND ; notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con. : A dividend. No. 72. of fifty
* cent* ' (50c) ■ per share on th* Issued capital
stock of the company has be*n declared, pay-
' able at the office of the company, rooms 202.
204 and 206 Hayward bldg., San Francisco,
on December 10, • 1904. Transfer books do**
December 3. 1904.- at noon. C C Quina. Sec.
■ LEGAL NOTICES.
BEGIN A Restaurant, 422 Turk St., sold; all
bills - against said . place . must be presented
. within 5 day* from Dec 3; 1804.
————————
ROOFS, sidewalks and cellar floors laid, re-
paired;' low prices; work guaranteed.' Chicago
Roofing ■ Co.. ■ F.: Herrmann, m'mv" 608 2d st
.PROPERTY WASTED. . *
WANTED— LAnd ' warranu '.-' approved; 'and
transferrable. Box' 1889,- Call office. ;-. '
KEAL ESTATE— CITT — FOB SALE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
25 POST ST..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
Recta Collected. Taxes Paid.
Send us your name and we will forward
you a booklet called "Buyer and Seller," gXr-
ir.g a full list of choice real estate holdings
offered for sale.
$4,800 — Stelner st, near Geary: fine house of
7 rooms and bath. In good condition;
newly painted: modern plumbing. The
very thing you have been hunting for.
$1Q.WO— Fell st.. near the electric line; 2 flats
of o rooms and bath each and a stabie
for 12 horses; large lot. 50x137 :ti; rents
for $«0 p«r month; stable lease 2 years
to r-n. -"■;*■■.
I-'''''-:"'"''*.- -.V1' — — —
' $5,500 — Two fine lota, 25 by Irregular depth,
on Vaa Ness ave. This Is worthy of
- investigation.
$25,000 — Elegant modern residence of 12 rocms
and 2 baths in. one of the most desir-
able locations on Washington st; lot 50x
127:8; hardwood floora; marine view.
$20,000— Vicinity of 14th and Mission; six new
modern flats of 5 and 0 rooms and bath,
renting for $170 per month, and always
rented; lot SOxlCu; flooded with sunlight
and surrounded by car fines.
$$,000 — Six elegant new flats of 4 rocms each;
every room light and sunny: at a bar-
gain; within rive minutes of Kearny and
Market sts.. near 0th; rents $S1 per
>'. * month; three-foot brick foundation; mod-
em sanitary plumbing: cement sidi
walks; patent water closet, etc.
$9,250 — Sacramento- st. corner, close In; stor*
and lodging-house of 15 rooms and bath;
• rents for $72 50 per month; in One con-
1 ■ ditlon; modern plumbing, etc.
$5,300— Harrison st. in the warm bait of the
Mission; 4 new modern flats of 4 rooms
and bath each; fine let, 30x120; rent* Ipr
$72 per month: Beat little investment .
; $5.000 — Nice cottage of 5 rooms and bath on
Fourth av*., Richmond District: fin* lot
25:0x120; convenient to the car*.
$2,750— Baker St., near Golden Gate aT*.;
choice lot, 25x121; In fine neighborhood;
street work all done; ready to build.
$7,000— Fine lot, 58x128, on Jackson st: chaice
location; reduced from $7250 for a lim-
ited time Just the place for beautiful
residence or flats.
$6.000 — A splendid investment: 6 Cats In ths
warm belt of the Mission; lot 50x100;
rents for $t!6 per month; modern plumb-
ing.
$3,000— Post st. north side, near Broderick:
25x137:6; 3 level lots, ready for build-
ing; street bltuminized.
$86.000 — Sixth-st. business property: two front-
ages, three stores, three rooming-houses
and three new flat* oa rear st. ; rents
for $600 per month.
$11.500— Pierce st. near Haight; three new flat*
of 7 rooms and bath each; $10,000 mort-
gage can remain; rent for %Vt 50 per
month; this Is a snap.
SPECK £ CO.
£08 Montgomery St.
Selling. Rents Collected
Leasing. Insuranc*.
INCOME PROFERTY.
$175,000 — Market am! Turk sts.; fine 6-«torj
brick building; secured lease $10,5uO
year; make offer.
$110,000— Splendid main corner. 100x140 feet.
looking into Kearny st. and Busb;
rents $7500 year.
$100.00 — Choice business property on Ellis *t.
net far from Mason; good improve-
ments; lot 57x137 :t>: stores and lodg-
ings.
$75.000 — Montgomery-st. corner, close to Clay;
— 6 per cent
$78,000 — Grant ave.; corner close to Sutter
st; splendid brick building.
$42.000— Post and Taylor eta.; 2 frontages;
40 feet front.
$23,500— Swellest_\V. A. corner: rented low
at $170 per month.
$23.500— Fifty f*«t on Post *t; dote in;
$15. 1 *o mortgage can remain; pays 7
' per cent net.
$20,500 — Polk st; 2 stores, lodgings above.
$152 50 month: mortgaged $10.iG".
which can remain; snap.
$17,500— $2064 year rent; good business prop-
erty, fronting 2 main streets; 6000
>• ;. square feet; snap.
$17,500— Splendid 30x137:8 building lot. now
rented with old improvements $90 mo.;
close to Ellis and Leavenworth sts.
$17,600— SO- foot corner, near 6th st; fine im-
provements; pays over $2000 year.
$13.250 — New flats close to Golden Gat* Park;
rent* $137 50 per month.
$12,900— Flee buildings; lot 41x137:6; Pine
st; splendid location.
$11,500 — Three fine fiats on Devisadero st;
rents $100 per month.
RESIDENCES.
$15,000— Pine at lot. 68:6x137:6; magnificent
residence. 11 rooms and bath.
$11.CHX> — Eleven rooms and bath on Scott st;
clo*e to Haight.
$10.000 — Close to Golden Gat* Park; 14 rooms
and bath; north side, on Pag* at.
$9,000 — SW. corner Sutter and Scott at*.;
fine 10-room residence; lot alon* worth
$7200; very cheap.
We have a large list of fine residence*.
LOTS.
$35.OX> — 137:6 square; unsurpassed marina
vi«w. '.r « 5
$20,000— Splendid 30- foot corner in the whole-
sale section: can make secured leas*
with new building for $250 month.
$6,750—50x137:6 feet; Pacific Heights.
$4,500 — 5U feet on First ave. boulevard; clos*
to Lake at.
$1,500— Sixth ave.. close to Park; 30 min-
utes from Market and Kearny »ts.
SPECK & CO..
209 Montgomery at
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as 'a billiard table; on grade;
close to fine school and Mlsslon-at. electric
cars; bound to double in value.
$400 each, on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxe*; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best resldenca location south of Golden Gat*
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dis-
trict; advancing In price repldly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery st. r. 8. Phcne Main 5704.
$57G0 — IF you want a 7-room modern horn*
you cannot do better; take Masonic-ave. car
and get off at Shrader st; owner oa the
premises. 1047 Shrader st.
NEW. sunny flats. $7000; half cash: Golden
Gate ave.. near Central ave.; 5 and 6 rooms,
bath: attics; S basements; rooms tinted and
frescoed: open dally: street work complete.
MARINE view lot 25x137:6. with L 30x100;
Filbert, bet Broderick and Baker, MULLER.
Bay and Webster.
FOR sale — Nicely furnished house, 12 rooms.
233 Third st.
STANDARD portable shower baths sold by
Ahlbach A- Mayer, plumbers. 836 Howard st
FOR sale — 6-rocm cottage and bath. 41 Rich-
land avenue. Owner on premises. Sunday.
- BAg HATEO BEAL ZSTATB.
SAN MATEO -PAN MATEO
THE FINEST SUBURBAN RESIDENCE
DISTRICT NEAR SAN FRANCISCO.
We have a choice list of excellent residence
properties, villa sites and acreage. Don't fall
to see us before buying. Investigate San Mateo
Park, the Weal property of them alL Lots of
about one acre each. Bound to be most valu-
able; $9C0,up. 1
HAYWARD ADDITION. ,
Adjoining the town. Business and residence
lots. Street work complete. Cover*d with ma- !
jestic oaks. Easy 'terms. Se* our local agent
Frank S. Grummoo. San Mateo office open
Sunday.
- BALDWIN & HOWELL. 25 Port «t
FOR SALE— 250 ACRES; SAN PEDRO VAL-
LEY. NEAR POINT 8AN PEDRO AND
BEAUTIFUL BEACH. THE OLD SAN-
CHEZ ADOBE HOUSE. 13 ROOMS (NOW
USED AS A HOTEL) AND STABLE FOR
10 HORSES ON THE PROPERTY. BEST
QUALITY LAND. FORMERLY USED FOR
VEGETABLES. NOW A DAIRT; WELL
WATERED; SAN PEDRO RIVER
THROUGH THE GROUNDS: GROVES OF
GUM TREES; 7 MILES FROM COLMA
S. P. RAILWAY STATION. AND 11 FROM
CLIFF HOUSE BY OCEAN SHORE; GOOD
INCOME PAYING. PRICE $21,000. AD-
DRESS A. B. PATRICK tt CO.. 415 FRONT
3T. SAN FRANCISCO. .
LOMITA PARK— Oa line of San Mateo electric
cars. 45 minutes from Fifth and Market su. •
outside the fog belt and Just beyond wher*
the S. P. Co.'* bay shore "cut-off* will Jeia
the main line: 60-foot lots from $400 ap,
term* from $10 to $50 down and balaac* at
rate* of $10 a month: sewer and water pipes
in front of every lot; pure artesian w*u
: water;, over * one-half lots sold since August
. 1 ; an exceptional opportunity to secur* a lot
In this desirable section; take the ■ electric
.; cars and set off at . "LOMITA PARK" and
■ . investigate; maps sent on application.'
SELBY. RODGERS A CO..
116 California st; Tel. Main 67i •
REAL ESTATE— COUNTRY— Pot Sal*.
$5000— SO ACRES cf land, all under cultiva-
tion, with Improvements. In orchard section
of Sutter County; only tare* miles from
county seat and on tin* of new irrlgatloa
ditch.
A snap If takes soon, but will not k**».
M. J. NEWKOM.
408 Second St.. Marysvllle, Cal.
SALE or exchange for city property; sacrtac*;
163 acre*. Napa Co.; 60 acres la cultivation:
fruit, vines and grain: fully equipped and
paying: beautiful nlace: gentleman's boa*.
SHADBURNE. 405 Montgomery «t
ATTENTION. HOMESEEKER3!
Ser.4 pcstal for catalogue* of th* best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOO3TER CO..
C4S Market it.
■ 1—
TO LET — A nice chicken ranch near Peralta
Park. Berkeley, about 2 acres land: cottage,
barn, chicken house; good well of water. 48
Clay st. S. F., or West Berkeley Feed Mills,
CONTRA Costa County real estate for saia.
Send for list P. J. WEST. Martin**. Cal
A WEXK'S new* for 3 cent*— Th- W**kly CaXL
ZK T-arey ; n wrapper, for mailing, tl Hftuf.
BERKELEY ADVERT^'XTS
BERjrai^ RSAX ESTAJTB.
$1500 — I ACRES within 2 block* of tuttoa;
not far out; well worth $2500.
LOTS.
$1100 — 5Oxl2S OB University ave; north »'.d«.
near Grant
$300 — 10x135: Russell st. near King.
$3W — 10x133; Oregon st. near Calais.
«. '.*■'» — 10x100- Virginia st. corner Loals*.
• $M0 — 10x120; east of College ave.
$0000— $400 cash, balance 3 p*r cent; n#w
6-roozn house; lot 40x113; 1 block of ear*; t
block of station.
MORAN A- SWAIN,
Op pes it* Berkeley Station.
— $3500—
A CHOICE home on Dclawar* «., P*rk*l*y; •
room* and bath; lot 40x133; n*w and modara:
tunny exposure: Cn* view; easy term* at
payment If desired; bo trouble to show prat*
erty.
REALTY Rtr^TiS AND FINANCE COl da*.*,
1172 Broadway, oorner I*oart**ntk< *C.
Oakland.
1S-ROOM house; two blocks from Berkeley
station: nearly new and all modern; well
planned for boarding-house; In best location:
lot 50x137. frosting on one of Berkeley's fin-
est avenues: will rent in part or wnol*; or
•ell at $7000.
D. L. JUNGCK. 2111 Sh a truck av*.
FOR sale— House of T room* In East Berke-
ley near University ave., on large lot;
cheap for cash. Box 1554. Call. Berkeley.
WILSON'S Ian. 2144 University ave.— A to*,
modern bouse; central location. A. H. WI2#-
SON.
FEUITYALE ADVERT'STS
FRUIT-VALE REAL ESTATE.
$750 — CHOICE corner lot on Fruitvale ave.. 50
xl25; splendidly located and a *nap.
$£50— Cut from $750 to make quick sale; 60x
1C3; in fruit; half block off Fruitvale av*.:
nice homes all around; worth $900; easy
term*.
J BELDEN. 1112 Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale — Modern 5-room cottage; lot 44x139;
fruit trees, etc. Call owner. 19O4 King av*..
Fruitvalc
OAKLAND ADYERT'STTTS
OFFICE, 101B BROADWAY.
QAILATO REAL ESTATE.
CLEARANCE SALE OF BANK PROPERTY.
We have been exclusively authorized to aell
on easy terms the remaining Oakland proper-
tie* acquired by the
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION
under foreclosure of mortgage.
We will sell these properties at figure* far
below tb* present market rates. If you want
a bargain call cr write us for particulars.
J. H. MACDONALD A Co..
1C52 Broadway.
DR. MERRITT ESTATE PROPERTY FOR
SALE.
W* have b*«n appointed exclusive agent* by
the trustee* of Uie Samuel Merritt Hospital
for the sale of all tha property belonging to th*
said hospital and fronting on Jackson. Madi-
son. Oak. Twelfth and Thirteenth sts.. Includ-
ing- "The Willows." on Oak at. extending back
to Lake Merritt recently under option to th*
City of Oakland for park purposes; also thm
Merritt homestead.
W* bava both Improved and unimproved
properties) to offer: most dealrabl* r—tdanoo
properties In Oakland.
FOR PARTICULARS CALL AND SEE C«V
J. H. MACDONALD A CO..
1052 Broadway.
THE CHANCE OF A LIFETIME— Elagaat •-
room cottage: sunny side of street; 5 min-
utes' walk to train; open plumbing; epaa
lawn; swell colonial exterior plan; large re-
ception hail, parlor, dining-room; S ft Orv-
gon pine paneling; high basement; must b*
sold at one*; this is a snap; price $3000:
easy terms.
Don't misa this; must be sold at ones; *la-
gant Queen Ann* 6- room modern hoo**; man?
side of street; paneled dining-room; pillar*!
arch from recaption hall to parlor; Quaker
fireplace; porcelain bath: opan plumbing; Iaix*>
sunny porch with turned posts; open lawn;
cement walks around house aad only 5 short
blocks from train: swell neighborhood; prto*
$3250, Including larg* gas rang* and v«nt
I hood; Deasy water heater; only small east
payment required.
KREISS A HORSWILL.
1070 Broadway.
$4200— STORE aad flat; n«w aad modaraj *>
rare chance" to gat a good pieca of btisin ass
' property located at tsrmtnal of K*y Root*!
flat rented under lass* for 2 year* at $3S>
' per month; stor* would br • j $23 pmr month;
a good opening for any «-*! of basmesa cr
for investment
KREISS A irORSWTLL
1070 Broadway. O&klmad.
BELDEN*S BARGAINS.
$2250— Naw 5-room eottaga oa Wast •*_. a**i
lot 23x140; easy Unas.
$2500 — Bast buy in town; nlc« 6- room f~Ttir*
right In center of th* city.
$2C50 — Fin* business corner on Franklin . *t ;
50x75. with i=3r>rov*m*at*: wcrth $5000.
$2375— Handsome new cottage and lot 30x100.
near S4th and Wast sts. and Kay Rout*
depot: easy terms.
$1000 will buy 4- room eottag* or 16th st.. namr
Centar. •
BELDEN. REAL ESTATE.
1112 BROADWAT. OAKLAND.
CHICKEN RANCH AND A GOOD ONE
$1500 rash; monthly payments to suit; good
4-rcotn cottage, veranda around; 10 chicken-
houses, brooding-house and brooders; 20.000-
gal tank: water piped all over place; young
fruit trees: l'j *cr<r« all wire fenced: clos* to
alectrlc cars and boulevard connecting with
Key route; sandy loam sell: away from fogs
and cold winds: stock of chickens go with
place; death the cause et selling; It's a bar-
gain: price, all teld. $3750. Call or send for
circular 455 Seventh st. opp. Broadway sta-
I tlon. Oakland. Carriage free. H. Z. JONES.
Land Owner.
FOR sal*, cheap: short distance from Key
Route and Santa Fe depot, property cf 4
""" lots. 50x100; cash: with good <»-rooni house
with high basement; windmill and tank. st.i-
bles and chicken- bouse*; or will exchange f<v
ranch or alfalfa land. Call or address 890
Forty-fifth st.. near Market. Oakland.
OAKX AND KOTTOS TO L—TT.
FOR rent — That handsom* ' vppar flat of 5
large room* with bath, pantry, panaled dtn-
lng-room. etc.: sunshine all day; situated
at 310 22d St.. east of Webster: has larg*
separate yard in rear; owner takes care of
laws, ashes, garbage, etc. ; rent for $27 per
month. Apply to
JAS. S- NAI3MITH.
- 534 Thirteenth st
PAX— AJTP ROOMS TO UT.
ADELINE, 733— Room to let
WEST. 1081. Oakland — Room to let
OAK— AND ZTTRJIXTUJU- 70S SALE.
TO-MORROW tha day for bargains in fural-
- tare. H. Schslhaas. 11th »t. cor. store. Oakland
Continued on Page Fourteen. _
1314
hooks roa HorrsKEEPiara.
BRYANT. 421 — Two sur.ny rooms, nicely fur-
nished for houFek«««"p!nf;: saf.
FOLSOM. 831— Finele housekeeping rocm;
porch end stationary washrub. ___
FOURTH. 4.31— 2 rooms furnished Tor house-
k<v?pii!g; i • . :■■ utove; no children.
GEARX. 1225— Fine frrpt. sunny, bay-window
FUlte; all conveniences; ideation or the best;
marine view; terms reajrnah'.e.
CHARY. 1M7- Three nicely furnished hoase-
kr-<Tin»r rooms. Call W*""n '■> »"d :{ -
GOLPEN GATE are.. 4M— Furnished house-
keeping suite; £a* range; running water:
adults.
GULDEN OATr: avc.. Newly fur. sunny
n«mf; hot. cold water; porceiain bath; gas.
HAIGKT. 21" — Hougfk^ping room» to let.
HARRISON, 405 — New house; furnished
rooms; fcouseke-erinK rooras; hot and cold j
water; electric light; bath.
HOWARD. M7. bet. 1st and 2d — Front rooms
in suites: coal °r wood cook stove.
1 _^— _— _» I
HOWARD. S29 — Houfekc*Ding rooms. - i
HOWAftl\ P22— 2 front housekeeping rooms;
rent $4 week; pas and coal Ftove.
JESSIE. 323— Sunny front rocm: ga* range; !
•ink; cood bed and cot; central: $# 25.
KENIL WORTH., cor. Bush and Powell— Three- j
rocir. runny apartments; ek an heat; cen. loc. j
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments. 1340 Pine — j
Sunr.y furnished 3-ror>n> i*u!tes; steam heated, j
♦lectrlc lighted: fre* baths; rates reasonable, j
LANflTON. 212Si. near 7th— 2 un!urn!shed ',
room*; housekeeping; large sunny yard. j
MAYPELLE. 202 Grove, cor. Van Ness — Pun- j
ny fur. 2 and 3 room suite?; pas ar.d bath, i
MINNA. K'S— Front room for light housekeep- !
ing; S8 month. j
MINNA. f>4f — Furnished rooms, complete for j
housekeeping.
OTARRELL, 2C« — TJ-.ree connecting rooms; .
gas ranire: running water.
O'FAHHELL. 920 — Two lovely front rooms, j
housekeeping: sun all day; basement suite, |
housekeeping; rcascnable.
CAK. 117 — Corrwl'te for housekeeping. (3 to
S12: f j- range: hct bath: sdulta.
OAK. 407 — J4 p<T month; rooms for working-
men; clean and sunr.y.
PEARL 3. corner Msrket — Three furnished ■
housekeeping room?; $1S; no children.
STEVENSON. 2T.5 — 2 housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; wood free; $1 73 week; single room,
tl week.
£lXTEi^."TH. 3428 — Housekeeping rooms, fur-
rlthed; phone, pas. bath; no children.
TETCTH. 149 — One complete furnished house-
keeping room; cse of parlor, piano.
TAYLOR. 011— Two furnished attic tunny
roorr.s, Ksn r&cge $9; 1 i-unny room, gas j
range, it £0.
E.OOIIS TO LET — Fnra. and XJnfuxn.
ATKINS, ccr. Third et. and Park lane — New
brick buildinr; all Funsy rooms; not and cold
*»t«r; electric lights: only nrrt -class bouse
Jr. locality; rooms $1 SO wffk and up.
A— BRUNSWICK Houre, 14S Sixth at.— Rooms
?' : to $1 per night. $1 23 to $S per week and
llgbt liousekeepisg rocms; open a'.l Blent.
AT "The AJmcnto." S73 Market et. (or No. 1
Fifth st.)— Room*. 25e, 50c. $1, $1 50 night;
tl 60 to $10 woek; house open all night.
EELMOXD House; orer Owl drug stose; 2 en- i
trances, 1I2C Market and. 21 Turk— Electric j
iirhts; running water In every room; 200 I
rocm*; £5c to Me pt-r night; $ I 23 to S3 week.
EDDY. 11. near Powell — Large, eunny. frcnt •
room; also single rocms, SI 25 week up.
EDDY, 110. Leunyton — Fine furnished rooms; !
t«est transient; opp. Tlroli. 60s up per night. I
EDDY. 804 — Nice ulngle room; also house- j
keeping looms to let,
1 i
ELLIS, llf'l. cor. Gouph— Private family; S
Large Funr.y front rooms; rent low.
roCBXEEXTH. TW— Sunny single front room!
for cer.tltman. j
GOLDEN GATE avc. 557— Newiy furnished
many room*; c!so stnelee to let.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 439 — Furnished room to )
let.
GOUGH. 1311 — Or.e furr.iehed sunny room to
let.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission— Rooms 23c
to tl 25 night; tl SO to $6 wk.; reading-room.
liCWARD. 715 — Furnished rooms, single or
double; central location.
KEARNY, 41* — Nice, front, sunny rooms at
f 2 Mi per weekj $10 per month. i
_ 1
LAItKIN. F04 — Sunny front room; grate; one
or two p?rsor.s; J7 per month.
MARKET. 1049 fThe Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
$2 tO to 97 week; baths; elevator.
MARKET. 1104 — Sunny furnished front rooms
to let.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st. 40»
single and family rooms 35c to 91 50 per day.
, (2 to IS per week; the only new and modern I
hotel and rocming-house In San Francisco i
that has office on ground floor, hct and cold I
water, electric llpbts, call bell?, steam heat I
. In every room and gives free baths and ele- !
' vator service day and nijrbt to Its guests. \
McAXJJSTER, 416, flat S— Nice sunny fur-
nishef double room, suit* ble 1, 2 gentlemen.
OFARRELL. 208— Nicely furnished eunny
front rooras; also single. $2 50 up.
O'FARRELL. E56 — Front rooms to let.
PAGE. 502 — Nice, all outside rooms; running
water; tilth; new; private family.
rOLK, 207% — Small furnished rooms to let;
j rent cheap.
POWELL, 19 — Elerantly furnished room to let,
day. week or month.
ROYAL HOUSE. 126 Elll»— Incandescent lights;
reading-room. Esioking-rocm and ladles' par-
. lor; rooms per night, 35c to $1 60; week, $2
to $8; month. $8 to $30; elevator en ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
STyVHNSON. co;v,_sunny front room wit*
kitchen, gas Rtove.
THE LARCHMONT. 361 Sutter— New man^
agement; new bldg.; finely funrished. with
hot and cold water., steam beat and baths;
fSr.e location and reasonable rates.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS.— POSITIVELY THE
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY; NEW
• SANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES BATHS. <
ELECTRO LIGHTS, TELEPHONE SERV- '
ICE. HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
UNITED STATES. 123 Edoy. nr. Market— 400
roomr 35c to tl night, $1 73 to JO week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every -
room; «-levator. read.-room; free bns; baggagt.
WEBSTER. 1560 — Sunny furnished room; bath.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 3d st.. nr. Market
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms-
26c to f 1 ftO nightly; $2 to SS week; elevator;
elec. lights; reading-room: free bus; baggage.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recap-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
be*n opened at 10OS Market st.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ZIOOaCS AND BOARD.
DEVISADERO. 451. cor. Fell— Well-furnished
eunny room. *tationary water, with good
: board, for a couple. $15 p*r month; single,
?25; phone Page tu«.
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 501 Geary St.— Large
sunny rooms, board; suites, with board for 2
SSO mo.: single, with board. $25 up; special
tamily rates; just renovated.
COMORA (The), €21 O' FarreU— Quiet, home-
like; excellent service; warm rooms and
hailc; best table.
CALIFORNIA. '807 — Best rooms, table and
cervlce in the city for the least money.
ELLIS, 453 — Nice furnished rooms, with good
French table board.
GUERRERO. 114— Sunny rooms with board for
gentlemen; good home; central; reasonable.
LARGE, eunny room, suitable for two gentle-
men; home cooking; from $20 up. 1150 Turk.
O'FARRELL, 553— Nicely fur. rms. and board-
German home cooking; phone Lark In 3670.
-
ROOM and board. 3173 Twenty-fourth st. .
SIXTEENTH. 3646, off Market— Neatly fur-
nished rooms; good board; reasonable.
SOUTH PARK. 109— Room with board.
VALLEJO. 1124— Rooms with board.
Atn-ERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
cau branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
EOOM3 JgAgTED .
NICELY furnished room, with bathing accom-
modat'on*. by educated younc German with
private Knglish cr American family: near
Market it., bet. 3d and Sth,, Box 1179, Call.
WANTED — In respectable, quiet neighborhood.
2 unfurnished, nice rooms and kitchen for
*lderly couple: $10 to $12; best references.
' Bex 1724, Call.
TOl'NG married couple want three furnished
rooms In private family; rent not over $20.
Box 133T». Call office.
STUTTERING- ABTP STAIPIEBIWQ.
EXPANSION OF MELBOURNE SCHOOLS—
Downtown. C21 Franklin, near McAllister, 8
to 12 Open-air school, 810 Diamond St.; tel.
Capp SI 73; 1 to 5 p. m. Details at either.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
Marriage licensee were Issued yesterday as
follows:
Hugo von Emmsl. 21, city and Teresa M.
Malone l!s. city.
William .Smith. 24. Redwood City, and An-
nie Kivi 21. 12S2 Fol?om stre«t, ;
Manuel B. Lucas. 38. 114 Trenton street, j
and Luisa Corona, 26 114 Trenton street. |
ifcrtrand Fourcade. 30, 230 Montgomery j
avenue, and Josephine M. Pere, 20, 230 Mont-
gomery avenue.
John F. Azevedo. 24, Santa Rosa, and Marie |
Ronskolmcr 22 Santa Hosa.
Clyde B. Shaw, 20. Syracuse. N. Y., and ]
P.uby J. Hamburger, 21. 253 Chattanooga st.
Emilio del Turco, 21, \Selby. and
Riti 18 Selby. '
Frank II. Pratt, 25. Oakland, and Stella
Morton. IS. Alameda. i
Thomas Prather. 19. 905 Market street, and |
: Stella Jones, 18 905 Market etreet.
Frank C. Duer. 25. 252 Turk street, and
Carrie L. Keyer. i!S. Kansas City. Mo.
Henry Wendt. 33 128 Eighth street, and
Lena Uoeklln 33. 128 Eighth street.
Adolph H. Beth. 56. «»'J Cole street, and t
Clara, l^efevre. 34. 799 Cole street.
Frederick E. Finnerty, 26, 2228 Geary street,
and Maggie M Brady. 41. 2228 Geary street.
John \V. Marchington. 42. 208 Bush stroel.
acd Alice Rowland. 34. 603 California street.
Solomon Benjamin. 41, 514 Bush street, and
l Augustine F. Paranaud, 20. 614 Bush street.
John A. Lancon. :n. 12 Cadell place, and
Udla Cosio 24. 12 Cadell place.
Bertram C. Towne. 37. 418 Sutter street, and
Margaret Klneey. 35. San Mateo.
Warren C. Johnson, 40. Monterey, and Em-
ma K. Schulz, 23. city.
Frank H. Murphy 35 S07 Ellis street, and
Winifred C. Beckett.' 19. M>7 Ellis etreet.
Eduard Mcrrmelster. 30. 120 Capp street,
and Barbara Hermannsdorfe r. . 30. 1S06 Frank-
lin street. J
Low Fie. 26. 32 Ross alley, and Leung
Yoke LSng. 23. 32 Ross alley.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriare and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They muit be handed
in at either of the publication offices snd be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
Konx authorized to have the came published.
Notice* restricted simply to the announcement
of the event aie publibhed ence in this column
free of charge.
BORN.
WYCKOFF— In this city. December 3. 1904.
to the wife of J. Wyckoff. a son.
; — ~— . — —^— — m,m
v -MARRIED.
| BECKER-HAWL,BT-In this city. December
1. l»O4 by the Rev. George W. White, pa-s-
tor Central M. E. Church. Will H. Becker '
and Emma liawley. both o f San Francisco, j
DENHARD— KUGELER— In this city Decem-
ber 3, 1904, by the Rev. G. A. Bernthal, j
Otto E. Denhard and Ida M. Kugeler. both
of this city.
FENCHEL— KNDTER— In this city. December
, . 4, 1904. by the Krv. J. H. Scuroeder. Henry
i Vnclicl and Juline Endter.
DIED.
Beaton. Peter J.— 26 i Keast Elizabeth O. —
Bird Nelson J— tIS I 22 days /■
Boycke. William— GO [Laub. Franx J.— 20
Buckley. Cornelius — 3liLogue. Francis j
Callahan. Thoma.- — CO [McCarthy Octavia — 22 ,
Carey. Bertha— 24 jNodenschnelder. l'hilo- I
Collins. Kdward C. | mrne — 52 •
Cook. James — 35 lPa«con^4Jimltrl — 30
Deane. William A. — 1311'eru. William — Bl
De la Ro«a. A. M. | Roberts. Flora D.
Farnham. James G. — C4,|Rodes, Clementina — 75
Foy. John M.— 8o iSabin. Ferdinand— C4
Given. Mrs. Margt.— S4|.«lavich. Perks— 5 mo.
Goldberg. Solomon— 35 iSplr.ney. Sarah E. — 71
Holmes. Evelyn — 25 |Tomb (Orr). Mary
Hrumada. Adolph — 58 | Williams. Uichard — 65
BEATON— In Deming. New Mexico. December i
8. 11*04. Peter J.. dearly beloved eon of John i
J. and Jemima Beaton, and devoted brother
of Mrs. A. R. Clary and Neil, Stswart, Ma-
bel and Aleck Beaton, a native of San Fran-
cls>co. aged 26 years 1 month and 23 days.
CV i'"iii-»«l* anJ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). December 7 it 1 p. m., frcm '
Mission Masonic Temple, 2C8S Mission street
• between Twenty-second and Twenty-third,
where services will be held under the aus- i
pices of Oriental Lodge No. 144. F. and A, (
M. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. j
BIRD — In Fresno. Cal. December 2, 1904, '
Nelson J. Bird. M. D., 'husband of Augusta
C. Bird, and brother of Rolph, Milton and
>Tar.k Bird and Mrs. B. F. Ward, a native
of Canada, aged C& years. :
ETFuneral service* Tuesday, at 11 a. m.. |
at Simpson Memorial Church. Hayes and
Buchanan streets. Interment private.
BOYCKS— In this city, December 5 1904.
William, beloved husband of Caroline
j Bcycks, father of Alma and Arthur Boycks.
brother of Mrs. William Gamoll. Mre. '
Charles Whttsky x)f Oshkosh, Wis.. and !
Charles Boycks. and brother-in-law of Fred- j
erick and Edward Koenig. a native of Ger- j
j many, aged 55 years and 8 months. |
BUCKLEY— In this city, December 5 1904,.
Cornelius T.. beloved son of Elizabeth
Buckley, and brother of Mrs. McGorry Mrs.
Malaghan, Mrs. Aklund. Mrs. Durfee and
John Buckley, a native of Newcastle-on-
Tyne. England, aged 34 years.
CALLA1IAN— In this city, December 6 1904
Thomas Callahan, a native of Illinois', aeed
CO years.
£-/■!• riendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday). December 7, 1904 at 2 p. m., !
from the parlors of Carew &' English r8
Van Ness avenue. Cremation Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
CAREY— In this city. December 5, 1904 Ber-
tha, beloved wife of Cornelius J. Carey,
mother of James Cornelius Carey, daughter
of Joseph F. and the late Ida Stronberg
and sister of Joseph F.. John F.. Henry A
Richard. Elizabeth snd the late Herman
Stronberg. a native of San Francisco aged
24 ; ears 4 months and 21 day*. " , .
E^Remalns at the parlors of McFadden
McBrearty & Green. 1171 Mission street'
Notice of funeral hereafter.
COLLINS— In this city, December 3 1904 Ed-
ward C. dearly beloved and youngest sou
of Jeremiah and Mary A. Collins, brother
of James F.. Helen G., Joseph J. and Ger-
ald E. Collins, nephew of the late Mrs. Nel-
lie Langblen. and cousin of Miss Julia Dono-
van, a native of San Francisco.
E7Friends and acquaintances- are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 p. m., from the resi-
dence of the parents. 616A Shotwell street,
thence to St. Charle* Borromeo's Church
for services, commencing at 1 p. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
COOK — In this city. December 4. 1904. at St.
Luke's Hospital, James, dearly beloved son
of J. Cook, and brother of Mrs. Eliza New-
. land, a natU-e o f Weet Kensington. London,
England, aged 35 years. A member of So-
lano Lodge No. 229 F. and A. M. ; Naval
Chapter No. 33. R. A. M.. and Naval Com-
mandery No. 19. K. T. (English papers
please copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
December 6, at 2 p. m., from Masonic Tem-
ple, Vallejo. Interment Vallejo Cemetery.
DEANE: — In this city, December 3, 1904 at
his residence. 340 Twenty-third avenue Wil-
liam A. Deane, beloved husband of Amy Wa-
ters Dcane, beloved father of Valentine
Deane, son of Margaret Deane and the late
James R. Deane, and brother of John J. and
Mary Deane and Mrs. M. H. de Young, a
native of San Francisco, aged 43 years 4
months and 15 daya.
C7Friends and acquaintances and members
of Stanford Parlor, N. S. G. W. ; Woodmen
of the World and Red Men are resfpectfully
Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday, De-
cember 6. at 10 a. m., from St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue, between Geary
and O'Farrell streets. Interment private.
Kindly omit flowers.
Members of Altahmoa Tribe No 87, Imp.
O. R. M.. are respectfully requested to at-
t , end ~ lhe funera l °t our late brother. William
A. Deane. from St. Mary's Cathedral, Van
Ne»s avenue, between O'Farrell and Geary
streets, December 6, at 10 a m.
t ii ™ T^. KRAI £ K HARDY. -Sachem.
J. H. HUTAFF. . Chief of Records.
Stanford Parlor No. 1 76 N. S G W
Members are requested to assemble at St. I
Mary s Cathedral, corner of Van Ness ave-
nue and O'Farrell etreet. promptly at 10
o clock this (Tuesday) morning to attend the
«-?«. ■! rv £ es of OUr late P Mt President.
William A. Deane. By order of the Parlor
FRED H. ?^. T Sec G re\^ P ™ lde * U
DE LA ROSA— In this city. December 3. 1904.
at his residence. 843 Greenwich street a"
M. de la Rosa, beloved husband of Rlcarda
F. J. Monahan, Manager. Tel. Mission 31
MONAHAN. O'HARA & CO.'
FUNERAL. DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
. 2339-234.1 Mission st.. near Nineteenth, '
San Francisco. -
James McGinn. • Henry HansenT^l
. JAMES McGINN & CO.,
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
. Funeral Directors and ' Embilmers
214 Eddy st. Tel. East 86. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL', TUESDAY/DECEMBER 6. 1904.
de la Rosa, and father of Herbert, Roea ,
and Adolph de la Rosa, a native of Cali-
fornia.
(E^Frle.ids and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 0:3i> a. m., from his late resi-
dence. M3 Greenwich street, nea.r Mason,,
thence to Yffleela de Nuestra Senora de Guad-
alupe. Broadway, near Mason street,
where a requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 10 a m. Interment Italian Cemetery.
FARNHAM— In this' city December 4, 1904.
James Gardner, beloved* husband of the late
Annie R. Farnham. father of James Farn-
ham. and brother of Jerry W. and Joseph
M. Farnham, Mrs. John Corner and Mrs.
Captain Boyd a native of Rockland, Me.,
aged tU jears. A member of .Unity Lodge
No. 131. I. O. O. F.
ET^Frif nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Thursday, December 8. 1904, at 1:30 p. m.,
at the mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate
Undertaking Company. 2475 Mission street,
near Twenty-flrst under the auspices of
Unity Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. F. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery by electrio funeral
car from corner of Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets at 2:15 p. m.
FOY-^In this city December 5, 1804, In
Providence Hospital, John M. Foy. beloved
father of Mary, Charles. John, Annie and
Maggie Foy and Mrs. Helen Murdoch, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 80 years. j
ICTi-'riends and acquaintances are respect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, December 7. 1904, from the parlors of
the Howe Undertaking' Company, corner of
Grove and Twenty-second streets, thence to |
the Immaculate Conception Church, where
services will be held, beginning at 10 a. m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
GIVEN— In Oakland December 5. 1004. at 1422
West Eighth street, Mrs. Margaret A. Given,
a native of Maine, aged 84 years 4 months
and "JO days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Tuesday). December 6. 1904, at 3
P. m., from- her late home, 1422 West
Eighth street, Oakland. Interment Tehama,
CaJ. - '
GOLDBERG— In this city, December 4. 1904.
Solomon Goldberg, dearly beloved husband 1 *
of Hilda Goldberg- and beloved father cf
Mattllda and Ida Goldberg, a native of New
York, aged 35 years.
HOLMES — In this city, at 56 Sanchez street,
Evelyn, beloved wife of Harold C. Holmes,
mother of Roberta Evelyn. Harold C. Holmes
Jr. and the late Robert Holmes, daughter of
Mrs. Charles Ottersen. and sister of Ermy,
Charles and William Glenny. a native of
San Francisco, aged 25 years 1 month and
10 days.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
HROMADA— In this city. December 5. 1901,
Adolph. beloved husband of Anna Hromada,
and father of Emanuel J. Hromada. Mis.
Stewart Carter and Mrs. Lucien A. Ganahl, i
a native of Austria, aged &t> years.
IC?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
KEAST— In this city, December 5, 1904. Eliza,
beth Olivia, beloved daughter of Rev. Fred
A. and Mary E. Keast. and sister of Lydla
M., Alice L.. Edith M. and Frederick E.
Keast. a native of San Francisco, aged 22
days. /
IC7FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services |
to-day (Tuesday). December 0. 1904. at 1:30 (
p. id., at the home of her parent". 1244 •
Sanchez street, between Clipper and Twenty- J
sixth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery. by |
carriage. ' j
LAUB— In this city. December 6. 1904. at the •
residence of his parents, S577 Twentieth j
stieet. Franz Joseph, dearly beloved son of i
Frank ami Iirlgitta Laub. beloved brother of
the late Theresa Laub. srandson of Mrs. |
Catherine Ensler, and nephew of German, |
Benedict and Catherine Kngjer. a native of
Hah Francisco, aged 20 years and 5 months.
CTFuneral notice hereafter.
IXXJUE— In this city. December 4, 1904. Fran-
cis, beloved brother of James, Edward,
Michael and Annie I^ogue and Mrs. Frank j
Hasan of Rio Vista and Mrs. Bernard Me-
Kenna of thl» city, a native of the parish
of Maghera. County Derry, Ireland. i
(C7.Frlends ar.d acquaintances are re«pect- j
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tueeday). at 10 a. in., from his late real- •
dence. 202 Sickels avenue. Ocean View, !
thence to St. Michael's Church, where a re-
tiuiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, at 10:30 a. m. Interment
Holy Cro*s Cemetery.
MCCARTHY— In this city, December 5 1904.
Octavia M.. wife of Michael McCarthy, lov- !
ing daughter of George and Elizabeth i
■~- Leathe. and beloved olstt-r of William W., ■
Frank C. Herbert A. loathe and Ovita J. j
Hawi-s. a native of Benicla. Cal., aged 22 ■
years 4 months and 17 days. i
C7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect- .
fully* invited to attend the funeral to-morrow j
(Wednesday), at 1 p. m.. from the parlors ;
of Gantner Brw.. 1200 Mission street, be- |
tween Eighth and Ninth, thence to the '
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street, be- i
tween Mission and Market, for nervices. In- j
terment Cypre«s Lawn Cemetery.
NODEXSC1INEIDER— In this city December I
6. 1904. Phllomtne, beloved wife of Michael
Nodenscbnelder, devoted mother of Marie, i
Jeanctte, Lucy. Alice and the late . Emll .
Nodenschnelder. and sister of August Dt- j
dler. Mm. Caroline Cazes. Mrs. Josephine '
Sietz ami Mrs. Cellna Pench, a native* of
P.alfour. France, aged C2 years S months and '
1 day. . |
{O"Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ,
(Wednesday). December 7. at 12:30 p. m.. I
from her late residence. 1340 Folsom street,
between Ninth and Tenth, thence to the '
Church of Notre Dame des Victolres. Bush j
street, between Dupont and Stockton, for I
services at 1:30 p. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PAftCON— In the City and County Hospital.
December 5^ 1904. Dlmltrl Pascon, a native
of Roumanla, aged 30 years. - i
PERU— December 4, 1904. William Peru, be- I
loved father -of William and Fred Peru of.
613 Forty-eighth street, Oakland, a native
of Germany, aged Cl years. j
ROBERTS— In this city, December 4. 1904, I
Flora D. Roberts, wife of John H. Roberts, •
mother of Mrs. Eugene W. Lick, and sister '
of Mrs. P. B. Cornwall and Mrs. William i
P. Harrison.
CT Funeral services Tuesday. December 6.
at 2 p. m..' at 230 Octavia street. Interment
private.
RODES— In this city, at the King's Daugh-
ters' Home, December 2, 190-1, Clementina
A. Rodee. a native of Franco, aged 75 yeara.
ETTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 a. m., from the parlors of
Halsted & Co., 94G Mission st.
SABIN— In Oakland. December 4. 1904. Fer-
dinand, beloved father of Mrs. Frank Brow-
/ ell. Mrs. Simon Nagel. Fred and William
Sabln, and beloved brother of Mrs. A: J.
Owen, a native of Massachusetts, aged 64
years.
inyFriend.« and acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral service i
in this city to-morrow (Wednesday), at 1
p. m.. at the funeral parlors of Vaiente,
Marlnl & Co.. 1524 Stockton street, between
Green and Union. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. *. tf.Z'z
SLAVICH— In this city, December 4 1904,
Perka, beloved daughter of John and Cath-
erina Slavich, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 months and 0 days.
(CyKriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 12:30 p. m., from the residence
of the parent*. 110 Freelon street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SPINNEY— In this city. December B. 1904,
Sarah Elizabeth, widow of the late George
B, Spinney, and mother of Mrs. William S.
Watson.' Charles S., Emma A. and -the late
George L. Spinney, a native of Boston,
Mass., aged 71 years 11 months and 18 days.
(Boston, Mass., papers please copy.)
CTuneral services will be held at 10:30
a. m. Wednesday morning, at the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. William S. Watson,
2816 Pierce street. Interment private. Please
omit flowers.
TOMB (ORR)— In this city. December 4, 1904,
Mary Tomb, beloved aunt of Dr, Robert H.,
Lizzie A. and - Annie C. Orr, a native of
County Antrim. Ireland.
CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral from her
late residence. 2104 Howard street, on Tues-
day, December 6, at 8:80 o'clock, . thence to
St. Charles Borromeo's Church, corner of
Shotwell and Eighteenth streets, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery, by ' electric
funeral car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
WILLIAMS— In this city. December 3, 1904,
Richard, beloved husband of Annie Williams,
father of Mrs^ Emma McAfee, Mre Florence
Phillips, Mrs Bessie Ayers and Charles H.
Williams, and brother of John E Wil-
liams and Charles H. Williams, a native of
England, 65 years.
E7Fri«nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th* funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 p. m., from his late residence
283 Dore street, between Harrison and Bry-
ant. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery by
carrlase.
WILLIAMS— In this city. December 4 1904.
•Richard Williams, beloved father of Mary
Williams, a native of wales.
Stanford Parlor No. 76, N. SO. W.—
Members are requested - to assemble at 910
Mission street, promptly at 1 o'clock this
(Tuesday) afternoon to attend the funeral
services of the late Thomas Hlckey. By or-
der of the Parlor. •
. CARL T. GRANZ, President.
FRED H. JUNG. Secretary.
REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
MONT>AY. DECEMBER 5.
Louis C. Buck to. Adeline B. Buck, undi
vided \i of lot on N line of Union' street
176:0% W of Polk., W 25 by N 137:6; gift.
Isaac Uph&m. to Eleanor Martin. ] lot on S
line of Page street. »4 W of Franklin. • W 4-3-B.
S 120. K 1:7V4..NB 64:4%. N 88:9%. quitclaim
deed;- $10. ,- ,_-.■
Frederick Oehlert et al. to Frederick Oehlert
lot on S line of Grove street- 178:6 E of Oe
tavia, K 25:6 by g,120; $7500... . - . ■ ,;;T>" *
Regina and Samuel J.. Mitchell to Marion I.
Kemble. lot on N'llnejof Post 'street 112-6 E
of Buchanan.: E 25 : by N 137:6; $10 .
Joeeph and Victoria Ollva to buls • Repetto
aad.Asostlno Kenatti. lot on S line of Lorn-
bard street. 106:3 W of Lagvma, W 25 by S
137:6: $10.
lsidor and Berthe Lipman to Richard P.
Burne.Jot on B line of Flllmore street, 50 S
of Pine. S 50 by E 81:3; $10.
Elizabeth F. Nelson et al. to Thomas and
Mary E. Burke, lot on on S line of Greenwich
etreet. S2 E of Devisadero. E T9 by S 86:8^4;
$800. -■•■" . - .
Elizabeth F. Nelson to Bime, same; $10.
George H. Nelson to same, same; $10.
Daniel J. and Minnie Sheehan to Murray F.
Vandall, lot on S line of Clay street, 110 E of
Broderick, E 2T:« by S 127:8>i: $*0-
Murray F. and Sonia M. Vandall to Jacob
Levin, same; $10.
Estate of Alexander Martin (by John Reid
and Thomas E. Collins executors) to Frederick
"VV. Thompson, lot on N line of Jackson street,
31:6 W of Broderick, W 26:0 by N 100; $7M0.
Hugh Keenan Construction Company to Es
tella Bernard I (wife of F.). Emily C. P«ek
(wife of S. C.) lot oh N line of Haiffht street.
218:9 K of Masonic avenue. E 25 by N 137:0
and lands adjacent; $10. •
M. H. and Kate I. da Young to Thomas El
rlck, lot on S line of Grove street, 102:8 W of
Cole, W GO- by S 137:6; *1O.
Samuel I. and Fannie Glass to Samuel Axel
rod, lot on N line of Frederick street, 106:3
E of Stanyan, E 25 by N 125; $10.
Catherine Freund (wife of F. M.) to Georga
W. Kneass, lot on N line of Twenty- second
street, 151:0 W of Church, W 25 by N 114; $10.
Charles Cane to same, same; $10.
James S. Rodgers to Timothy J. Crowley.
lot on 8 line of Twenty-third street. 72:6 W
of Shotwell W 31:6 by S 100; $10.
Jacob and Bertha G. Weisshein to Emille A.
Wclk, lot on S line of Twenty-third street,
125 E of Diamond E 25 by S 114; $10.
Adolph C. Weber to Ethel M. Stovel. lot
on N line of Sacramento street, 50 B of
Drumra, E 25 by N 61:8 Jjultclaim deed; flO.
Victor Albouse or AlbOus to William C.
Hassler. lot on B line of Sacramento street,
109:2 W of Dupont. W 28:4 by 8 68:9; $10.
Julia Brulon to eatne, lot on S line of Sac
ramento street, C" W of Dupont. W 42:2 by
S 68:9: $10.
Edward Rowland to Alice Rowland, re
record 1072 D 189, lot on N line of Lincoln
street, 114:7 E of Jones, E 21:11. N 70, W
24, 8 10, B 2:1. S GO; also lot on 8 line of
Ui»!on street, C9:2 B of Jone«. B 22:6 by S
120; elft.
Allre Rowland to Charles Bovone, lot on N
line of Lincoln street 114:7 B of Jones. K
21:11, N 70. \V 24, S 'l0. B 2:1, S 60; $10.
Sallle P. Platt to James and Sarah Loran.
lot on E line of Larkln street. 112:6 N of
Broadway.. N 2S by E 137:6; $10.
» Fred B. Stoddart (by F. M. Thai,, commis
sioner) to Lucius L. Solomons, "lot on NW
line of Tehama street. 208 SW of First, SW
25 by NW SO: also lot on NW line of Te
hama stre«t. ISO NE of Second, NE 25 by
NW SO: also lot on NW Hne of Teham* street.
2S7:0 NE of Fourth, NW 80 by NE 25; $675.
Same and Hannah J. Petterson (by O. H.
Umbsen, referee) to Emll Gunzburiter. kit on
NW line of Tehama street. 206 SW of First.
SW 25 by SW 60; $4250.
Emll Gunzbur*er to Herman W._Newbauer,
same; $10.
Hannah J. Peterson and Frederick P. Stod
dart (by G. H. Umbsen, referee) to Sol Loeb,
lot on NW line of Tehama street. 150 NE of
Second, NE 25 by NW 80; $42t>0.
Solomon and Dahlia H. Loeb to Joseph M.
Bier and M. M. Regrenburzer, lot on NW line
of Tehama. street. 150 NE of Second, NE 25
by NW 80: $10.
Charles F. McDevltt to Catherine Dineen,
lot on N line of Freclon street, 80 SW of
Fourth. SW 26 by NW 80. quitclaim deed; $10.
Estate of Andrew McDevltt (by Mary Me-
Devitt. administratrix) to same, same; $1250.
Tillie L. Bedell to California Safe Deposit
and Trust Company, lot on XW lin« of Ship
ley street. 200 SW of Fifth. SW 25 by NW
75; $10.
Josepha Martens to James F. Pressley, lot
on E line of Eighteenth avenue, 100 N of
J^ko etreet, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Christian F. Klltgaard to Sophie Klltgaard.
lot on W line of Sixth avenue. 25 S of Lake
street. S 25 by W 100; eift.
Marlon L. or Marian Maynard (Fuller), wife
of Louis P.. to O. M. Brennan, lot on N
line of, California street, OR E of Seventeenth
avenue. N 88:7, SE 113:6, W 70:10, quitclaim
deed; $1 .
Charles H. Tointon and Ada L. Lloyd to
Emma Moore, lot on E line of Eleventh avenue.
100 N of Clement N 25 by E 120, quitclaim
deed; $10.
Charles F. Moore to Emma Moore (wife),
same;! gift.
Ada U Lloyd to same, lot on E line of Elev
enth avenue, 75 N of Clement street, N 25 by
K 120; (1.
Charles H. Tointon to same, let on E line of
Eleventh avenue. 125 X of Clement street, N
25 by E 120; $1.
Edward and Agnes GInley to Mary Gradock,
lot on B line of Sixth avenue, 25O N of Point
Lobos. E 120 by N 25; $10.
Septimus Greece to Mary G. Greene (wife),
lot on W line of Thirty-fourth avenue. 850 N
of Point Lobos, N 80 by XV 120; gift.
John N. and Julia A. McLeod to John I*, and
Ellsebeth Nelson, let on S line of Hugo street,
120 E of Seventh avenue. E 25 by S 110: $10.
8. Ducas Company to Alexander Vitzlan;
lot on NB corner of Williams avenue and Ve
nus street. N 100 by E 100, lots 29 to 32. block
J, Silver terrace; $10.
Same to Abe and Charles Rosensteln, lots 22
and 23, block CSS. Bay Park Homestead Asso
ciation; $10.
Henry I* Folsom to Mao* Brooks, lot on NE
line of Twenty-first avenue, 225 SE of L. street,
SE 50 by NE 100, block 403, South San, Fran
cisco Homestead; $10.
Julius C. Rels to C. I* Harrlgan. lota 33 and
34. block 10, lots 23 and 24, block 44, RelB
Tract; grant.
Mary and Morris Abraham and Li Hie Levl
non to Anna D. Jocst. lots 3 and 4, block 4,
Market-street Homestead; also lots 4 and 11,
block 19, same; J2100.
Builders' Contracts.
' George F. Smith (owner) with A. F. Der
ereux Jr. (contractor), architect . All work
except electric work, mantels, gas and electric
fixtures and shades for a three-story frame
building (three flats) on lot on E line of Bart
lett street, ieO:9>4 S of Twenty-third, 8 25
by E 125; $8200.
Sam M. Cohn & Bro. (owners) with Altcft
lson & Canfleld (contractors), architect Philip
Schwerdt— Excavation, carpenter work, con
crete cement work, tinning, millwork. glaz
ing marble work, brick work, plastering,
wrought iron work for a three-story frame
building (flats) on lot on N line of Clay street.
137:6 W of Web»ter, W 32:6 by N 127:8>i;
Same owners with J. Glbbs (contractor),
architect same — Sewering, gas fitting and
plumbing for a three-story frame building on
lot on N line of Clay, street, 137:6 W of Web
ster. W 32:6 by N 127:8%; $1069. <
Ksther Wertbelmer (owner) with J. Wender
ing (contractor), architects Rousseau & Son —
All work for a two-story and basement frame
building on lot on S line of Washington street,
181 :.T W of Baker. W 25 by S 127:8*4, Western
Addition 578: $7875. -
. C. C. Grotheer (owner) with J. F. Logan
(contractor), architect . AH work for a
one-story frame, building on lot on NE corner
of York and Twenty-sixth streets. N 45 by. E
100; $.139S.
A. O. Spalding & Bros, (owners) with Kelly
Bios, (contractors), architect — — . Shelving,
racks, etc., for store, 134 Geary street; ?"50.
liATE SHIPPING INTEIiljIGENCE.
OUTSIDE BOUND IN. \
12 midnight — Schr Marconi, schr Beulah,
ischr Glenn, bktn Katie Flieklnger. »chr Me
lanchton.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ABERDEEN — Arrived Dec B — SUnr Coro
nado, hence Dec 1; stmr Newburs. hence Dec
15 stmr Grace Dollar, hence Dec 1; schr An
nie M. Campbell, hence Nov 23.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VICTORIA— Passed In Dec 5— Br stmr Wye
fleld, hence Dec 2, for Xanaimo.
Sailed Dec 6 — Br stmr Amur, for Skagway.
OCEAN STEAMER^
LONDON — Arrived Dec 5 — Stmr Mlnnetonka,
from New York.
BOULOGNE — Sailed Dec 8 — Stmr Moltke,
from Hamburg: and Dover, for New York.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Dec B— Stmr Koenlg
Albert, from New York, for , Naples and
Genoa; stmr Prince Adelbert, ■ f rom New York,
for Xaolea and Genoa. '
NAPLES — Sailed D«c 3 — Stmr Perugia, for
New York.
NEW YORK— Arrived Deo 5— Stmr Mlnne
haha, from London and Southampton.
Range Finders on Warships.
The British admiralty has suspended
the practice of fitting the position of
the range finder on an electric light
platform placed on the foremast of a
warship. It is imperative, to facilitate
the firing of the guns," that the , means
of ascertaining and transmitting the
range from the vessel to the antagonist
be communicated to the gun crew with
complete security, from ; a perfectly re-'
liable observing position.' The decision
of the naval department is due to the
result of the engagement" between the
Russian warship Varlag and the Jap
anese fleet. . In this conflict - the men
operating this vital department were
rendered hors de" combat early in the
engagement, with the; result that the
gun crews on the Varlag labored under
great disadvantages. From this ; It • is
conclusively, demonstrated .that any ob
servation post placed in .the fighting
tops is impracticable. The Japanese
themselves have ' also recognized this
crucial point and in their. newVvessels
that are ■ in course '• of construction ' in
England special armored observation
towers are to; be erected at various ad
vantageous positions on !. the ships ; for
the installation of the range-finding ap
paratus. In the case of the. British
naval (department '".' no decision has been
arrived at, 'though the matter is | under
discussion 'and investigation.— Scientific
American. ' iWmSSBBBBB^k ffl&GR
UNUSUAL KINDS
OF INSURANCE
Risks Are Taken on Various
Members' or Organs "Which.
Livelihood IsDependent On
SEVERAL INSURE SKILL
Some Stars Renew Policy
pfor Each Public Appear
ance, Others Run for Years
In the early fall all over the world
during the beginning of the winter
musical and theatrical season a pecu
liar and large line of business is car
ried on in a certain channel of life in
surance, of which the general public
has little or no knowledge whatever.
By some underwriters it is termed
"freak insurance," and interests prin
cipally famous and notable celebri
ties in the musical and theatrical
fields, although this special line of in
surance has included costly trained
animals used for show purposes.
No less a personage than the cele
brated Mme. Patti was one of the
originators of this extraordinary kind
of insurance. Her gifted voice, which
has been heard all over the world and
which is the most intangible of sub
jects, is insured for $5000, on which
she pays a premium of $125 a per
formance.
. Paderewski, of international repu
tation, has his hands underwritten
for $50,000, and for each! of his con
certs a temporary policy is taken out
for $7500. " He considers his hands
more precious and valuabie to him
than any other member of his body,
for In the loss of them he would be
deprived of the means of revealing his
soulful music and making his liveli
hood.
Josef Hofmann, no less famous on
both continents, advocates most
strongly this kind of Insurance, as he
goes further into the financial end of
it, as can readily be seen when it is
known that he has set a price of $500
on each finger of both hands.
Think of it. Placing the sum of
$50,000 on the fingers of your hands!
As a matter of fact, Hofmann has
placed more Insurance on his fingers
than on his life. And the same treat
ment holds good for the vast major
ity of those who insure at a large fig
ure some particular portion of their
anatomy.
AGAIXST PARTIAL LOSS. 1
As a precaution against accident in
preventing him to open s his perform
ance, Kubelik, the famous musician,
has had his right hand insured for
$10,000"Tor each concert, and for $50,
000 against total disablement.
It was only a short time ago that
the scientific world was startled by the
unique and astonishing: faculty pos
sessed by Eva W. Spear, a young
woman of Bridgeport, Conn., who de
veleoped the rare and peculiar fac
ulty of being able to whistle through
her larynx. As far as known she has
the unique distinction of 'being:" the
only laryngeal whistler in the world,
without even an imitator. It has all
the softness and delicate shading of a
flute note and has already captivated
thousands who have heard it.
Following in the lead of leading
musicians and vocalists of the .world,
Miss Spear, who has afforded high
order of entertainment for cultured
audiences throughout the United
States the past few years, has had an
Insurance of $10,000 placed on her
voice and throat, and contemplates
this winter of having her throat un
derwritten for $3000 at every concert
at which she may appear in "whis
tling" numbers, which she does with
out the use of lips, tongue, larynx,
soft or hard, palate or cheek.
THE GOOD RIGHT ARMS.
Sousa, Damrosch, Victor Herbert
and other celebrated bandmasters and
orchestra leaders of the United States,
who skillfully wield with their right
hand the baton during every perform
ance of the musicians, have likewise
adopted the plan originated by Mme.
Patti of having their "good right
hand" insured against loss by acci
dent or inability to professionally
mark time.
Some suprlse was caused recently
among the uninitiated by the\" state
ment that the insurance of the late
Consul, the performing ape, was for
$125,000. As a matter of fact — and
without prejudice — this heavy insur
ance is the policy now followed by all
notable entertainers.
* It Is ' well known that large amounts
of Insurance have been placed on valu
able animals at home and abroad by
individual owners and proprietors of
circuses" and menageries, then why
should the sporting fraternity, with
speculative propensities, hesitate about
paying insurance premiums on the
lives of King Edward VII or other dis
tinguished members of the royal fami
lies of Europe, when they move about
the country, . sometimes traveling
among nihilists, who hae no great
amount of respect or love for them?
WHAT IS CALLED "FREAK."
That this is done is also a fact, and
for thin reason Kins Edward is known
to have his life insured for a larger
amount of money than any other liv
ing ' i man in the world. This line of
freak insurance obtains more widely in
Europe, however, than it does here in
the United States.
Scores of freaks in every rart of the
world, who ': have been born 'without
arms, but are blessed with feet, by
which members they sew, knit and use
in the same manner as people in gen
eral, who have come into the world
with a pair, of hands, have had their
lower extremities insured against loss
by; accident.' ' Deprived of their 'feet
they would be unable 'to, earn a living.
Many of the < uninitiated throughout
the country will thus learn for the first
time that many of the most "famous
and celebrated musicians, vocalists and
whistlers, .who use -their voices, * hands
and"throatsto entertain by .their rare'
gifts large audiences throughout the
world, - carry more insurance on their
hands and voices than the general run
of people do' on their lives.
"How is : your, school of ; journalism
doing ?" "Well, - it is a little slow. We
have, rib trouble _in petting ' people who
are 'willing:., to b'e teachers. ," The trou
ble" Is to^ find anybody who doesn't think
he knows '; all- about how a newspaper
ought to be run.''— Washington; Star.
GREAT DREDGING MACHINE
TEARS OUT SOLID ROCK
Most Powerful Accessory Is Brought
to Aid of Great Engineer
ing Enterprises.
The Susquehanna Iron Company's
big plant will be in operation within
thirty days. It has been finished and
the great furnaces are ready for the
ore. The stupendous 'task of digging a
canal or inland harbor nearly a mile
in length from the new outer. harbor to
the company's plant is now in prog
ress. This canal is to be 20 feet wide
and 23 feet deep. That is to say. it is
to be 23 feet below the mean level of
the lake, so that in some places the ex
cavation is to be forty feet in depth.
That's quite a big hole to dig In the
ground a mile long, but the BuffaJo
Dredging Company expects to dig it
and build solid cement wharves on
both sides of its entire length by the
first of next April.
It requires great engineering skill
and an enormous amount of physical
power to accomplish such a task.
There are 1400 feet of submarine work
to be done, nearly half of It through
the solid rock. Steam power and com
pressed air are accomplishing it.
When examinations were made It
•was found that a strip of rock nearly
a mile long, 200 feet wide and ten feet
in thickness had to be cut out. It is
not shale rock or slate, but solid living
rock. The Buffalo Dredging Company
is ripping through that solid ledge of
rock with a steam shovel. The dredge
used for that purpose is the greatest
tool of its kind in the world. It looks
like a giant mud dredge and is built
on the same principle as an ordinary
dredge. Down in Its hold it has a 500
horsepower steam engine. Its anchors
or spuds are made of giant Oregon fir.
.flfty-three feet long and forty-four
Inches through. It has a dipper or
dredge with a capacity of seven cubic
yards. One man. with a dozen levers
before him, operates the whole ma
chine. — Buffalo Express.
Joe Wheeler Still Ready.
General Joseph Wheeler ("Fighting
Joe") of Virginia thinks of going to
Manchuria as a spectator of the war
between Russia and Japan. The only
difficulty in the way is that of ex
pense, for General Wheeler is by no
means a rich man. He has always
been of opinion that in the end Rus
sia will win by weight of numbers and
superiority of resources. "Japan's
only hope," says the general, "was in
a series of smashing blows quickly de-"
livered which would have shattered
Russian power in the Far East In short
order. They have not been able to do
this, and. in my judgment, Russia will
certainly outlast them. Japan is now
approaching the first serious crisis of
the war. I refer to the conditions at
home. The first flush of triumph is
past. The hardship of modern war is
now being felt. There is hardly a
home in all Japan where there is not
mourning for a lost or wounded soldier.
The Japanese are experiencing the bit
terness and sorrows of war and soon
will have to show whether they care
to go on losing men."
Teaching Tourists Good Manners.
Bully for Colorado Springs! It made
three tourists from Nebraska come back
and obliterate their names from rocks
in the Garden of the Gods under threat
of worse punishment. It has a big stick
after the advertisers, also, who deface
scenery by their: signs. The news is
enough to- make lovers of beauty want
to emigrate to the charming city at the
foot of Pike's peak. — Philadelphia
Press.
ADVEKTISE^rEXTS.
Shake Hands
With yourself in congratulation over
the perfect condition in which your
underwear comes home from this laun-
dry.
Proof of the pudding: is its trial. Our
phone, South 420, is ready for it.
UNITED STATES UUNDRY
1004 MARKET STREET.
Telephone South 480.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
§califqrnial!mite'd|
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYSl
9 LEAVES DAILY ATS3OA.M.S
Other Santa F* Trains t
1-80 ** ?• I For Btockton. Fresno. Bakerafleld,
8:00 p! nt J Merced, Haaford and Vltalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — 641 Market at. and Ferry Depot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, O»i-
V, land, Cal. ; also 27 South 1st. Saa Jose.
■ ToSAN RAFAEL
ROSS VALLEY,
HELL VALLEY,
CAZADERO, Etc.
Via Sausallto Perry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from San FrancUco, dally, at f7:C3.
7:45. 8:25. 9:10. 8:60, 11:00 a. m.; 12:20. 1:43.
3:13.-4:35, 5:15, 5:50, 4:30. 7:15, 10:15 and
11:35 p. m. ■W4S£MsJp B 4**ag
Arrive at San Francisco, dally, at t«:40.
7:35. 8:15.-8:50. 8:35. 10:60 a. m.: 12:10. 1:30 I
2:55. 4:25.. 5:06, 6:42. 8:22. 6:57. 7:40 and!
11:25 p. m.
t Dally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:15 a. m.; also Sat-
urdays at '3:15 p.~m..~ and daily except Satur-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRAIX8.
7:45 a. m. dally — Cazadero and way stations
3:15 p.m., Saturdays only— For Cazadero"
etc.
: 5:15 p. m. dally, except Saturday and Sun-
day." for Tomales, etc. . ,
TICKET OFFICE— 650 Market st. -
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market :rt.
RAILWAY TRAVKlu^J ]
>**^~rT > N v Tw»i»« Icmst* amd »r*> A«4
/>^rnT7,^J\ . . to »rrl •»• nt —
fi^^^Q SAN FKANCI3CO.
\'\' *h^k~/t\) r*o* OcToaxa Sa. 1J04.
\< v *SfeV/ F*sst Dctot
XjS lj£^ (foot «f Market Strent
!.»«*« - MAIN LINE. - akmtW
700a VncaTUle. «viui«r«. l:um»«y / 60»
7.00a Benlcla. Klmlra and S.icramenta.. 723»
7.30a Tallejo. Kapa. Calico**. Santa
Hoaa. Marclaex. Saa lUmoa 8.20*
7.30a Nlle».Trarr. Lainrop. HSocfcron.... 720»
8 COa Shin* Exprem— (Via !>»»!»>.
WlllUm*. Willow*, trruto, Ked
BIuiT. l*ortla«yl. Tacoaja, Seattle 7.50»
8 COa D»vU. vrooii!».-<l. Kn!;;his Landla^. ■
Msrytrllle. OroTllle 750»
8.30* Mtrttnei. Antioco. By roa. Tracy. .
Stockton. Newman. Los Uanoa,
Mendcta. Armnaa. llaarurd.
Vlsalla. «.20»
830a Port Cotto. Modes t<v Me reed.
Krenao. O<«n=n Junction, llanr
foni. Vltalla, BakersOeM 4.5U»
8 30a Sllei, 8«a Jow. MTercnore. Stock-
ton, (tMtltoa). Jone. 8«cmm«nto. . ___
Mary"!"'. Chleo. Ked Bluff .... *•&*
830a Oakdaie. Chtneie. J»me«town. 3o»
nora. Tuolunnif «n<l Anjel» 5"tiiJ«
9-COa AtUntlc Express— Opden aad East. 6 za^
9.30a Richmond. Martiaei mnd Way
BUtloin • 50 *
10.00a Tne Overland Llm!fd — «'<r<leo.
Omaha. Chicago, Denver, Kansas
City, St. Louis - ,5 ?9*
10.00a ValleJ©...,. 12^0*
10.00A L»« An»rele» PaJienger — Pon
Costa. Martiaex. Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fretno. Gottaen Juno-
tlon, Hanford. Lemoore. Vlsalla.
Bakersaeld. Loe Angeles. ..... 7Z0»
HMm Hayward. Nlles snd Way Stations. *-20»
ti.00* Sacramento Hirer Steamers Tll.oa*
J.30P Benlcia. Winters. Sacramento*
WcxKUtnd, Kaigbts l.andlaj.
MarytTUle. OroTllle aad way
- stations 10 ,-K* '
JtJOp Hsywsrd. Nlles aad Way Station!.. 7.W»
S.50P Port Costa, Martin**. Byron,Tracy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Modesto,
Merced. Berenda, Fresno and
Way Stations beyond Tort. Costa 12-Z0*
4.0CP Martlne».San lUmca. Vallejo.»a?»,
CalUtoea, Santa Rosa. ,HS*
4.C0pyiiei. Tracy. Stockton Y 10^0*
4.30P Hay ware. NUea. lrrlngtoa. Saak t3bO*
Jose. LlTarmor* ..I ni.SOA
6-MPTbe Owl LftnUe*— Newman. Loe
Banos, Mendoca. Tresae. Talare. ' ' "
Bakertfleld.Lo«Aa«ales. .. — - 8-50*.
tS ZOp Hayward, Nlles and saa Jos« ..... 7.20a
i.00P aayward. Klles and Saa Jose. 840*
S-OOp Eastern Ezvreas — OmaBa, Chicago,
DfcBYer. kaanaii City, St. Lonla,
Martinez. Btockton. SacramtntA
Colfaz. Beno. Sparkt. Moatelta,
Ocdea '2.S0P
■,00p Tallejo, dally. except Sunday.... I 7 ig.
7.00P Vallejo. Sunday only f i ' avm
7 JJOp Klchmond. Saa Pablo. Port Costa, -
Martlnss sod Way Stations 11-20*
7-OOPBeao Passenger— Port Cesta, B«-
nlcta, Saltoo, Elmlra; Dtxon,
Davis, Sacramento. Spark*. Tono-
pan. Keeler and Way Stations... 7-51*
8 B5p Oregon * California Express— 8»o-
r»mrnto. MarytTtlle, Raddinr.
Portland. Pu;et Souna »ndE*it. 8-80*
8.1 Op Bay ward, N lisa aad Saa Jos«(8aa-
■ ayonly) , .. 11-BQji
COAST LINE Uarrw liuii).
Tfoet e! Market Street.)
8.16A Newark. CenterTlUe, Ban Jo»a,
Telten. Boalder Creek. Saata
Crni and Way Stations 8-53*
t215p Kewark. Centerrllle. Saa Jots,
New Almaden. Loa G»to*, Fel too.
Bonlder Creek. Santa Crux aad
Principal Way Stations tt355a
4.16P Newark. San Jose. Loe Gato«...-J
•9.30P Hunter*' Train (Saturday ealy>—
San Jote aa<l Way Station* J7-25P
COAST LINE (Uroaii tiauie).
tar (lttlrd asrt Townsend Streets.)
8.10a Saa Jose aud Way Stations. 8.30P
7 00a San Jo»e aad War Stations 5.40P
800a New Almaden (Tae«., Frld.. only). 4.1Qj>
8 00a The Coaster— Ban Jose. Salinas.
San Ardo, Pa*o Robles. Sanu
Margarita. San Lai* Oblipa,
GnaUalape. Garlota, Santa Bar-
bara. Saa BaennTeatura, Moa-
tslvo. Oxnard. It urban It, Los
Angeies 10.30a*
8 00a Ollruy. Holllster, CaatroTftle, Del
- Monte. Pacific Grove, Surf, Lom-
10.309
8.00a Ban Jote. Tree Ptaot.WatsonTllle,
Capltola. Santa Crux. Pnclne
Grove. Saltnaa. San Lais Oblspo
and Principal Way Stations. ._ 410»
1 10.30a Saa Jose and "Way Station*.. ....... 1.20i>
11 3Ca San .Io*e and Way Station*.. ...... 7.30»
2-15P&an Joieand Way Sution* 8 33*
SCOP Del Monte Kxpreii — Santa Clara,
S»n Jo*e. Wanon Till e. Santa
Cruz. Del Monte. Monterey,
Pacific Grore 12-15*
tS-OOP Los Gatos, Wright. Bon'.drr Creek.
Santa Cruz, via Santa Clara and
Narrow Gauze +10 45*
8-30pValrccla St.. Snnttt San Francisco,
Burtlcoiae. S»n Jose. Gllroy,
Hoi !l*ter. Tres Pino* 10 1i»
j 4.30P Pan Jo*e aad Way Stations tS.SG*
1 t500PS»nt» Clara. &aa Jom. Lo* (jatoa, •■■■.- •
aaii principal Way ritalions (ex-
cept Sunday) t9.00*
|§.30p SanJoseandrrlncipalTYaydtationi 13.40*
6 45p fiasaet Express.— Kedweod. San
Jos«,Ollroy.UalIna*.PssolCoble*, .
Saa Luis obltpo, Santa Bstrhara.
Loa Augele*. Dentine. F.l P«#o.
ct. Lou:», Sew Orleans. N ewTork A in*
6.45pPa)aro. WatRonTllIe. Capitol a.
' eanta Cruz. CajtroYHle. Del
Uonte, Fact&e OroTe 10-30P
tS-IBf EtnMateo,Beresford,BeIinont,8aa
Carlos. Kedwoed, Fair Oaka,
.MealoParr. Palo Alto t8.48*.
S 31pS*b Jete and Way Stations......... 8-3S*.
S.COp Palo Alto and Way Stations 1Q i&a
11.30 f SoatbSanFTanclsco, Millbrae.Bur-
:iB k -»me. ban Mateo, Belraont,
Saa Carlos. Ked wood. Fair Oaks,
MeBlo Park, aad l*al« Alto t9 43»
«11S0p Mayaeld. Moanuia View, Suasy*
vale, Lawrence. Santa Clara a&J
8aaJo«e... t8L49s)
A fer Morning. P tor Aftersooa.
1 Baaday excepted. 1 Sanday ealy
• Catareay ealy. b Monday ooly.
. Ifeitip* at all nations on Suadaz,.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlboxoa Perry, root or market StrMft.
SAN 7RAH-CXSCO TO 8A2T BA7AXCI*.
WEEK DATS— 7:80. 9:0O. ll:0O a. m.; 12:35.
3:30. 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra tria
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 1:50 aad 11:30 p>. m.
BUNDATS— 8:00 9:30. U:00 a. ra.; 1:50, 8:3*\
0:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. ro.
BAIT EAPAJEI. TO SAS 7SASCXSCO.
1VEKK DATS— »:00. 7:33. 7:50. »:20, 11:13
a. m.; 12:50. 3:40. 5:00. 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 2:09 and 8:3S pv as.
SUNDATS— 8:00. »:«0. 11:15 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40*
4:00. 0:05. 8:25 p. ra.
Lear* I la ESaot I Arrrv*
Ban Fran. I Oct. 2, 1904. f Baa rran.
Week I Bun- I DeaUaa- I Sun- I Week
Pays. 1 days. ] _ Uon. | daya. | Daya.
7:30a 8:00a I 0:10 a) 8:40 a
9:30 a I*-a»tfa» . 10:40 a 10:30 a
3:30 p 8:30 p 6:03 p 8:20 »
6:10 p B:COp 7i33pj
7:30 a l»:10a 8:40 a
8 :00 a Korata. 10-.4O a 10:2» a
8:S0 p 9:30 a Fetaluma. 6:08 p o:2*p
8:10 p 8:30 p aad 7:33 p
— | 6:00 p Santa Rosa.
T :30 a [10:40 a 10 :C0 a
8:00 a roltott. -_ f:85p 9& 9
8:80 p 3:30 p -
Windsor.
7:30 a 8:00 a Hcaldsbors; 10:*0al0:»a
- Lytton.
8:30 p 3:30 p OeyscrrlUa, 7:33 p 9^0 a
Cloverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hoplaad 110:40 allO-.JO*
3:30 p| 3:30 p| aad Uklaa. | 7:3fl p{ 6:80 »
F j WUllts and I i ~"
7:30 s) 8:00 a( Sherwood. | 7:35 pf 6:20 g
7:30a| 8:00 at 110:40 all0:20>m
.8:30 p| 3:30 p| .OaeTnerffle. | 7:35 p| 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:C0a| Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8-40 a
8:10 p| 8:00 p| Olen Ellen. I 6:05 p( 6:20 p
7:30 al 8:00 al 110:40 a|10-2O a
8-:30 p| 3:30 p| BebastopoL |7:33p| 6:20 pj
STAGES connect at Oreea Brae tor Saa
Qoentln; at Santa Rosa for Whit* Sulnh-'-
Springs and Mark West Springs; at Lyttoa for
Lytton Springs: at Geysernu* for Skaaii
Springs; at Cloverdale for the Geysers. Booae-
Yllle and Oreen wood; at HopUnd for Dunc*a
Springe. Hishland Springs, Kelseyirtlle Car-»!
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. BarUtV
Bprlngs and Lake County Hot Springs- »t
Vklah for Vichy Springs. Saratogi Sprlnx^!
Blue Lakes. Laurel D*U Lakf, witter SprtnJi
UFper Lake Potno. Potter Valley. Jonn Da?£
KiverslUe, Llerly's. Bucknell's. Sanh-drti
Heights. Hallvllle. Orr-s Hot Springs USfwa?
House Comptche. Hopklna. Mendocln" at/
Fort Bragg. Jestport and Usal; at Will its' for
Fort Bragg. Hearst aad Sawyers; at Sherwoo,*
for.Cahto. Covelo. Laytonviiie. C.fmin7n« d
BeU's Spring*. H *"^. Kubbard. Frattlani:
vS'w&lSSr™*' *""* K '•PP^^ood. S«tu
Saturday to Monday round-trip Ucketa at re-
On Sunday— Roand-trlp tickets t» all potat*
beyond San Rafael at hair rates. **=»
buTldinV. ° rflCe * M ° Market gtre * t - Ciron«ci»
JAS - h, CRAZIER. R. X RTAI».
- ■ Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
MT. TAMALPAjSJ^n-WiVV^
Lr. S>a tnadaat ■jjtfMJ-l' "arTSia friaeito
9.5Oa 0:«O A ijgggSarW 2 ; 55p 3:53f>
1:45p 1:4.-^ fi:23? 6:;>
TiaCranty Car y ' at.T»aalp*iatelIiaT»II»;
uw$L \ 65O J ' N C . IA11ICZT ST^(North Shore RailroadJ
Jintaa } and Sausaitto Fgmy. Foot Market Sc
Weekly Call, $1 per YearCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Wall-street Stocks still unsettled. Cotton sharply off again.
Local Stocks and Bonds quieter, zcith the Sugars easier.
Silver and Exchange rates abo ut as before. |
Local Grain markets quiet and featureless.
Hay in large receipt and weak. Bran Unit.
Lima Beans dull, with southern buyers holding off.
Potatoes weak, ittith over 9000 sacks in. Onions still firm.
Poultry w<xik, with large offerings. Game steady.
Fruit market well supplied and inactive.
Stocks of Prunes in first hands smaller than last year.
Butter andJZggs unchanged. Cheese slightly hirer.
Hams and Lard marked dozen y 2 c. Bacon unchanged.
Mutton, ljimb and Veal higher. Beef and Pork firm.
EASTERN* MARKETS.
New York Stock Markcu
NEW TORK. Deo. 5— Dealings in stocks cx
pan&ed a*ain to-dar and the level cf price*
receded In •pite of marked gains In a number
cf-tfcs stock* la which the trading wai heavi
est. The sustaining power of these marked
*cvai.ces was effective during, the early part
or toe day and made possible large proft-t&k
ing with email effect upon price*. But " uixm
the unexpectc-d announcement of the purchase
cf a million dollars in gold bars at the Assay
Office fcr export to Europe to-morrow the mar
ket- gave way quite gent-rally. Thu effect of
thi» news was aggravated by the information
that all available supplies of gold bars had
be*n t- j- ; ■ h< r. fcr contemplated ■ further ship
ment. The agents In this transaction were
exceedingly reticent regarding it. and the
ssystery surrounding it gave it additional in
fluence. The gold is generally supposed to be
destined for Berlin, although conjecture on
the subject ranged so widely as to include a
Japanese destination. The latter sur
miw may be dismissed as chimerical. Hut
.what extraordinary need there may be for gold
at any point that, causes such a special in
ducrtntnt ** mutt be necessary to take gold
Jrcm New York in the present state of the
foreign money market is a mystery to experts
in that department. The snarp decline in the
price of exchange en Saturday and again this
morning under the largely augmented supply
of cottcn bills caused the definite dismtesal of
pofsibie gold expert* from the realm of stock
market factors. Sentiment was all the more
Effected on that account by the news of the
.engagement. The transfer through the Treas
ury Deiiartment of $500.«iOO to San Francisco
and of S300.CKM to New Orleans made the feel
:r.g over the money outlook additionally sen
sitive. The money rate Itself was barely af
fected. I— r,d ;n discounts rweded this morning
and the price of gold there was marked down
an additional frartlon. The undisturbed tran
quillity of the money market effected some re
assurance and contributed to th« later rally la
nocks. The strength in the market was gen
eral at the opening, induced by the strong
(.losing en Saturday, the good bank statemrnt
tad tbe Government's estimate of a bumper
icttcn crop. Th«- rise in Reading to near hi
was not accounted, for by any new6 regarding
th* property, and there was a dlsposalon to
rtgard the movement as involving a negotia
tion against an outside line of bucket sheps.
A numtrf-r of the industrials made striking
movements, notably the leather stocks. Rail
road' r t -::.:t< for the fourth week of Novembei
fhowed fij-yi lncrea«es and trafflr- officials
•poke in a s-ar.fruir.e mood of prosrpt-eus and in
glowing terms cf present traffic. The assem
bling of Congress invited some «1i>< :-...»n, and
the possibility was canvaseea 01 •, l-.pments
at \Va*h!nmx>n to which the isti i i market
r.iight prove Sensitive. The market closed
above the low point, but the rally v;u rather
indifferently held.
i> .-...- were heavy. Total sales, par value,
$5.115,<K».
I z:\f-: States -Jf and aid 4» advanced '» and
•tns sews a rrgi*u-red % per cent <»n call.
New York Stock Ust.
Fjnekm — Sale*. High. Low. Close.
Anr.isoo -12.7U0 8ST, S$% SS 1 *
£>o pfd:.. -....:.-. «!00103*i "I<134 1U34
lialt &: Ohio 85.3U0 H-:"« 9;»4 W\
Do pfd 200 95*4 95% 93%
Canadian Pacific... 6,600 134% 133V* 133%
Central of N J 2.000 1944 191 193
••»:.; A Ohio 6.400 .V-4 4i> » 4 .'.'»
Chicago & Altos.. 100 45 43% 44
Do jpfd , 80
Chicago & G \V.... 16,100 24% 24 244
•hlcago & N W... -1.S00 2W>4 20»H 210»»
Chi. M it St P 12.000 1T6 .1744 174 th
Oo pfd UW 184«» 164»4 1M
r.'bicago T & T 2.6<k> 14% 13 14
Do pfd 900 25 2414 25
C. C C & St L. .. 2U0 VI *4 SIH 90
Colo Southern «00 22'* 22^4 22
Do 1st pfd 1.300 S»4 .'•> :.m,
Ho 2d pfd 400 35 i*hi SiM
I>la & Hudson 4.400 1S9 188 l^S^i
". - :. Lack & 1V«st.. 1.2(10 325 343 325
l-rvir A R G .... €00 34 . 33M 34
Do pfd 3,<*X> 87% 87 t'%
EHft 23.3(10 40% 33% 40V»
Do 1st ; rJ 22.300 744 73% "*
Do 2d pfd 2.200 57»t 5d% 57'»
Hocking Valley ... 2.M)0 04 W M\
Do pfd 700 33 Sl»j 01k
Illinois Central 14,900 IBS 157 157«t»
Iowa Central 300 304 30Vi 30
Do prd 600 66H S« 56^i
K C eouthera 600 30»i 30 U 29
Do pfd U30O 53 B14 02
Louis & Nasavii:*.. 20.400 14714 1454 145
MarJiattaa L 2.200 168 167% 167%
Metro J^ecarltle* . . 2.600 824 82 81'-
Metro Et Ry 1*000 124»i 123%i 123%
":rr. & St Louis . . 200 >'A' t C3\ C3
M. StP & B S M.. 200 90)4 M>H
Do pfd 3OO 147 1464 147
MJks Pacific 36.8O0 111H 1104 110%
iio K & T 16.600 .'14*4 34 344
Do pfd 17.700 K»H 634 «>4H
Nat RR of M pffl 100 42%, 4t\ 42H
N Y Central 4.600 141% 1394 140
Nor & Western ... 12,300 764 75% 75*4
Do pfd 100 94 »4 90
Or.t & Western ... 12.400 45 434 44
Pennsylvania 120,700 140 139 139%
P. C C & St L 2.800 80 784 "*>4
Reading 281.000 • 82% 79% «%
Do Irt pfd 4.300 91 89 91
Do 2d pfd 3.300 83% 62 S2K
Rock Island Co .. 14,400 S7 36*4 304
Do pfd 1.100 85% 84% 84
SO. A B F 2d pfd 3.100 <» 68 «»4
Pt Ixmls B W S.SOO 29 274 2T%
Do pfd 23.700 60% 6&4 69%
Southern Pacific .. 10.«00 67 «% 6«2
r>o pfd 117
Southern Railway.. 64.600 374 36% 36?fr
Do pfd 6.400 974 «W4 87
Ter * Pacific .... 6.800 37-A 374 374
Toledo. BtL * XV.. 300 36% 3C\i 34ij
Do pfd 100- &54 554 544
t'rl<»n Pacific 43.100 115% 1144 114%
Do yfd 1.300 B54 «H »5>4
Wabash 1.700 23% 23 23
Do pfd 1,700 474 4«M« 46%
Wheeling ALE.. 100 20% 20% 20%
W's Central 600 23% 234 23%
Wisconsin Cen pfd. 600 47% 47% 47
Mexican Central... 14.100 23 22 22%
Exprew Companies —
Adams 100 240 240 235
American 211
United States 120
WfclU-rargo 242
Miscellaneous-
Amalgam Copper.. 73.SO0 S24 «V% *0%
Amer Car A Fdr>'. 2.900 34% 34^4 344
Am Car A F pfd. 1.100 »34 92»i 924
Am Cotton Oil.... 11,000 37% 35 38%
Am Cotton Oil pfd W
American Ic* 4,800 SH 74 7%
Amer Ice pfd 1.100 39% 3S% 384
Am Unseed Oil.... 6rtO 18% 17% 19
Am Linseed Oil pfd 400 424 42 ♦*
Amer Loccrrsotive . . 4.900 354 34% 33%,
Am Loco pfd 700 io»% 1O2»4 ' I02iJ
Am Cmelt ft Ref.. *.m*i 82% Sl% .81%
Am S A Ref pfd. 1.400 113 112H "24
Amer Sugar Ref... 5.000 149 U« 14S4
Anaconda Min Co. . 2(0 1164 -ll«H U5 "
Urklyn Rap Trans. 16.S*» ©5% 67 E7T4'
Colo' Fuel &. Ircn.. 4.500 RS 06»4 5C%
Consolidated Gas... 11.300 215 212 213
Corn Products 7,W» 24 23 23%
Corn Prrrfucts pfd. 1.000 *0% 79% 80
rnsttltos' Sees e.K00 40 39% 39%
•General Electric... 2.OO0 192 IKS 1S94
International Paper 17.500 22 20 * 21%
lnterntl Paper pfd. 1,800 784 ~H (W
Internaxional Pump .... 3*.<4
lnterntl Pump pfd. 100 85 »5 ' S3
National Lead 1.400 244 23*4 24
North American... 400 10**4 1024 103
Pacific Mall 2,100 47>» 454. 45%
People's Gas 6.100 112% 111 1114
Pressed Bwel Car.. 3.100 41% 40% 40%
PresBed S Car pfd. 900 «2 914 91%
PuUman Palace Car 200 23R4 23$4 239
Republic fiteel 1,000 174 16% 17%
Republic Steel pfd. 1.900 70% B9«I 704
Rubber Goods 8,500 2S% 28 2S%
Rubber Good* pfd. 000 974 w:U »i;»
T«n Coal A Iron.. 3. P00 77'-A 75% 75%
C 8 Leather 147.200 17% .15 17
U R Leather pfd.. 23.10* 1064 98% 10«4
V S Realty 4O0. S2- « 81%
T; S Rubber 200. S3*; 33% 33
U S Rubber pfd... 900 * 934 324 »24
IT S Rtrrel 102.500 334 31 T 4 82 U
!' 6 FtM-1 pfd 63.700 954 S3** 94
WeFtlnrhouse nu-e. 900 1S4 IS24 1S24
Wc«<?rn L'nlcn .800 92% 92 92
Total eales.'..'. ..1,873,500 shares.
Xow York Bonds.
C S ref 2* reg.-I^^IL & X unified 4s.l(«4
Do coupon 104%|Man con gold 4s.lC5.
Do 3s rrg 101'.4!!{cs Central 4s... 76>i
Do coupon 10IS! Do 1st Inc 24%
Do new 4s reg.l30*i.MinTi & St L 4s.. 97U
Do coupon 131 *A. K & Texas 4s.l00«* !
Do old 4s> reg.lOJV'l Do 2ds fr6 j
Do coupon 10t»*iiNR of Mcx con 4s Sl% '
Atch gen 4s 1C2*»|N T C pen 3^s..U'0> j
Do adj 4s ©4M.IN* J C gen 5s 135 T 4 j
Atlantic C L 4s. 93%iNor Pacific 4s 105^:
Halt & Ohio 4a..lO3V4! Do os TSJ4 i
Do 34s JH5>4!Ncr & \V con 4s.l01i» I
Central of Ga 5s.llH4fC>SL 4s & partlc.103% ,
Do 1st Inc 81 tPa conv 3^8 103 '^
Ches & Ohio 44slO7%IReading gen 4s... 102%!
Chi & Alton Stt*. 82 HIS L. & I M con 5s.ll6 ;
C. B & Q new is.lOOUtS L. & S F fg 4s. 83% ;
CM iSPp 49.110'hlS Louis SW lat«. 97
C & N\V con 7s.l2**« Seaboard A L is. 85
C R I & Pac 4s. S7 ! 4(So Pacific 4* 94
Do col 5s 94 |S Railway 5s 120
C.C.C & SLgn 4s.ini iTex A Pac Ists..l19«-i
Chi Term 4s 84H Tol. St L A W 4b. J53H
Cons Tobacco 4s. 84«4|Union Pacific 4s. 100
COlO & So 4s 89 . Do conv 4s 114Vi
Colo F & I 5s... R7 !U S Steel 2d 5s.. 93
D«-n & Rio G 4s.l01U'\Vaba«h lsts 117%
Erie prior lien 4s.l01»4! Do deb B . 6RVS
Do gen 4s 91*i/W A L Erie 4s... B3\ ,
F W & D C l?ts.lOS*;|Wls Central 4»... 92^
Heck Val 4H«...U1 I
Xcw York Mining Stocks.
' \dams Con 25iL,lttle Chief OR ;
Alice COIOntario 3 50,
Breece 12:Ophlr 2 65,
Bruns Con 12IPhoenix 17
Com Tunnel OSiPctosl 1«
Con Cal &. Va... 1 R" Savage 28
Horn Silver 1 40!?lerra Nevada 50
Iron Silver 2 OO.Small Hot>es 26
1 Leadville Con C2 Standard .ISO
Boston Stocks and Bonds.
Money— If S Steel 32%
Call loans 3@4i Do pfd 84 ;
Time loans 4®5, Westing Common. 92
Bonds — I Mining —
Atcbison 4s 101 «4i Ad venture 6H
Do adj 4s »3UiAllouez 17^
Mex Central 4s... 76 lAmal Copper 80*4
Railroads— JAmer Zinc 12^
Atchison SSU 'Atlantic 17^
Do pfd 103%!Bingham 37%
Boston * Albany. 251%jCalumet & Hecla.6S0
Boston & Maine.171 (Centennial 2S»»
Boston Elev 153 Copper Range ... 68^J
Fitchbur* pfd l.W'Daly We»t . 13>*
Mex Central 21 7 AiDom Coal 65%i
N T. N H A H..19Cvi I Franklin ..^ 12H
Union Pacific 114*4IGrancy 5 2-18
MlsceUaneous — ils'.e Royale 2514
Amer Arge Chem. 24 |Ma»8 Mining 0*»
Do pfd 8ft\»|MichIgran 9
Amer Pneu Tube. 5*4 (Mohawk 54
Amer Sugar USHiMont Coal & Coke 4H
Do pfd 137 |Old Dominion ... 25
Amer Tel * Tel.l47U»Oseeola »4
Amer Woolen ... 23HJP»rrot 30
Do pfd .... 94 !Quincy lu
Dom Iron A S... 18?i(Shannon 9
Ed Elect Ilium. .151 iTamarack 125
Gen Electric 1S7 iTrlnlty \2V,
Mass Electric 14*; |U S Mining 27H
Do pfd 62«IU S Oil 11%
Ma»=!> Gu 39U'L'tah 45
fnlted Fruit 107 (Victoria 4H
Un Shoe Mach... 59 »V\'lnona 11U
.'Dopffl ..'...... 31 "• ■IWelverine ...... :.tO9
London Closing Stocks.
Cong for money.-.. 88 IN T Central 14414 1
Do for acct. 88 3-16'Xor & Western... 78%
Anaconda 6 f Do pfd »3^
Atchison 91»4tOnt & Western... 45%
Do pfd ....1W4! Pennsylvania 71*i
Bait * Ohio iremnand Mines lit}
Can Pacific 13?\ilReadlng 4U4
Che» & Ohio 51 »4! Do 1st pfd 45U
Chi Gre*t We«t.. 25Vi* Do 2d pfd 41«
Chi. MU & St P.lttifc ?o Railway 3SU
De Beers 1SHI I>o pfd 8S»i
Den A Rio O 34% 'So Pacific 6fi%
Do pfd »0U (Union Pacific 118H
Erie 41UI Do ofd S7il
Do l*t rfd. TT,%\V S Steel. S3t;
Do 2d pfd .. 5«Vi( Do pfd i.. 9191
111 Central 1631Waba*h 24U
Louis & Ka«h 161U" Do. pfd 48*4
M. K A Texas... 359t!PnanIsh 4s 88H
Bar silver — Steady: 27 Hd per oune*.
Mon«y— l^i^2 per cent.
The rate of discount-in the open market for
short bills is 2 13-l*'<72"« per cent and for
three months' bills 2?i^2% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 5.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances In the general
fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold re
serve In the division of redemption, ehowe:
Available cash _ balance, $143,701,186; gold,
Neu- York Cotton 3farket.
NEW YORK. Dec 5. — The Cotton Exehan*«
will be closed December 24, 26, 31 and Jan
uary 2.
Xew York Grain and Produce
NEW TORK. Dec 5. — FLOUR- Receipts,
2O.700 barrels; exports. 2700 barrels; firm and
partially higher; Minnesota, patents, $5 85@
6 15.
WHEAT— Receipts, 92.000 bushels; exports,
24.000 bushels; spot, steady to strong; No. 1
red, nominal elevator; No. 2 red, $1 21H f . o.
b. afloat; No. 1 Northern Duluth. $1 25% f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Manitoba, $1 08 f. o.
b. afloat. Options were strong and higher
to-day on bullish crop news from Australia
and Argentina, supplemented by a better
Northwest flour ""aemand. Heavy commission
house and bull support were features. Final
prices rnowed %<fl?4c net advance. May.
$1 13H61 16. closed at 11 15; July. }1 (H~4
I or.'-., closed at $1 05H; December, $1 17%@.
1 lflii, closed at $1 19%. -
HOPS — Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Firm.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; refined, firm.
COFFEE^ — Spot Rio. steady. Futures closed
steady at a net decline of 5Q10 points; total
sales were 12.7.V1 bags, including March. 7.109
7.16c; May. 7.2067.35c: September. 7.65c
DRIED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market shows
no change, the tone being easy on the less at
tractive grades. Common are quoted at 3>43
4c; prime. 4V;64^o; cboloe. &@5Hc; fancy,
CJHJ^c. y .
PRUNES — Are held rather more flnnly, but
the reneral range of 2@6o for California fruit
; is onrhanred.
APRICOTS — Are unchanged. Choice are
quoted at d^^lOc; extra choice, 10^@10Uc:
fancy. ll«?15c.
PEACHES — Also remain quiet at former
figures. Choice. 9(J9Kc; extra choice, 9%@10c;
fancy. lO^eilc
Xew York Metal Market.
NEW TORK. Dec. 5. — The London tin mar
ket eased off slightly, with spot closing at
£133 10s and futures at £132 17s 6d. The
local market was quiet and prices were off in
sj-mpathy with the situation abroad. Spot
closed at $29 30S23 «0.
Copper was unchanged at £66 15s for spot
and £67 3s 9d for futures In London. Locally
the market was quiet. Lake. $14 S7V&@15 22H;
electrolytic, S14 75&15; casting. $14 60@14 75.
Lead ruled unchanged at $4 6O&4 75 In the
local market. It was also unchanged abroad,
where upot is quoted at £12 15s 6d. v -: -
Spelter was unchanged at $5 7535 87H in
the local market and at £24 17s <Jd In Lon-
Iron closed at Ms 9d inplasgow and. at
4Sg ~ v i& tn Mlddlesboro. Locally .iron was
again firmer. No. 1 foundry, northern, % Na 1
foundry southern, and No.,1 foundry, south
ern soft, are quoted at $17617 60; No. 2
foundry, northern. $16 60017. ■
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW TORK, Dec B. — The visible supply
of grain Saturday December 3. as compiled by
the New Tork Produce Exchange. Is as fol
lows: Wheat. 36,960.000 bushels;..; increase,
1 25« 000 bushels. Coin. 3,171,000 bushels; In
creasV 1 329 000 bushels. OaU. 14.197.000
bushel's; increase. 2,50<M)00. _ Rye. *.108.000
bushels; Increase. 14A.000. , Barley. 6.630.000
buf^els; Increase. 492.000.
CHICAGO BOARD OF TRADE.
Future Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO Dec. 6.— "Wheat «t the. opening
manifested a firm tone. Ai the ■;' eewlon ad
vaneed the Initial flraneM developed into ; re
markable bulUshnew. Rather lndellnlte newg
from Argentina to the " effect • that \ harvertlny
U beinjt delayed by wet weather> wai^the
prinri pal cause of/the'flnn openinr. May was
THE SAN FRANCISCO- CALL: -TUESDAY^ 6, 1904.
«n active commiMlon house demand prices
neadily advanced. Snow was reported to have i
fallen throughout Kansas and Oklahoma, but
this bearish influence appeared to be totally
ignored. News from the. Northwest was bull- |
jFh. advices from Minneapolis stating that '
larxt sales of flour had been made there. The j
reports of flour sales, however, lacked con
firmation. A private cablegram from Austra
lia said that the wheat crop of that country
16 being seriously damaged by extreme heat, j
Additional bullish enthusiasm was created |
about the middle of the day by a report from j
a Chicago crop expert who is now in Argentina.
According to this, authority the. wheat crop
of the South American country Is in a critical |
condition, nearly one-half of the total crop
having been damaged by rust. The report '
was not replete with details, but it stated
that notwithstanding an Increase of nearly
2.000,000 In acreage the total crop is 15, 00O,(KK)
bupheis 1cm than last year. j
Theee figures were alarming to shorts, and
throughout the remainder of the day there was ,
an urgent demand from that source. Just
prior to the close May sold at $1 13*4 and
closed at ?1 13%. .
A large increase in the movement of the
new crop vis the dominant influence of the
corn crop. May closed at 44%@45c.
Weakness of corn had a depressing effect on
the oats market. May closed at 30*i@30%c.
Considering the immense hog receipts the J
provisions market held remarkably steady, al- i
though prices phowed a small decline. At the .
close May pork was off 7U«?lCc. lard was I
down 2',-ic and ribs were 2%@Sc lower.
The leading futures ransred as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2 —
December 1 lf>t; 1 11 *i 1 095; i u% *
May 1 11% 1 13i* 1 11<W 1 13% j
Juiy 93% 1 00% 03*4 1 00% 1
Corn. No. 2 — " I
December 47% -47% 46% 46% j
May 4514 45«4 44% 43 j
July 45% 45% 45 • 45
Oats, No. 2 —
December 2S"4 2ft ' 2S% 28*£ |
May .11 31 T 30% 30%
July 30% 30«4 30% 30% i
Mess pork, per bhl — • J
January 12 S2H 12 85 12 75 12 824
May 13 10 13 12*4 13 02H 13 05
Lard. Der 100 lb» —
January 6 95 6 97*4 6 92% 6 82%
May 7 15 7 17% 7 15 7 15
Short ribs, per 100 lbs —
January 6 57% 6 60 6 57% 6 60
May 6 75 6 80 6 75 6 80
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 5. — Cash quotations were
as follows: Flour, firm; No. '2 spring wheat,
$1 13; No. S. $1 03@l 14; No. 2 red, $1 U%@
1 15H: No. 2 corn, 4fiV4@47>£c; No. 2 yellow,
47Hc; No. 2 oats, 2S%@29c; No. 2 white, 30*4
631 »4e; No. 3 white, 3OV4@31c; No. 2 rye.
74 We; good feeding barley. 38c; fair to choice
malting. 42S31c; No. 2 flaxseed. $1 15; No. 1
Northwestern, $1 23; mess pork, per bbl.
$11 45W11 «); lard, per 100 lbs. $0 90; short
ribs sides (loose). $6 37%©« 62^4; short clear
sides (boxed). $6 87*$@7; whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 24; -clover, contract grade, $12 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 15,400 20,600
Wheat, bu 69,000 106,000
Corn, bu ....; 409.600 , 501.400
Oats, bu 137.800 111.100
Rye. bu 13,200
Barley, bu 88.000 73,300
t
Batter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Dec. 5.— On the Produce Ex
chanre to-day the butter market was steady
to firm: creameries, 16@22»4c; dairies, ' 14©22c.
Crps firm, at mark, 19^@'24c. Cheese steady,
ll®12c.
ELGIN. -111.. Dec. .5. — Butter advanced 7%c
a pound on the Board of Trade to-day, being
quoted at 26Hc. Sales In the district were
527,000 pounds.
CATTLE, SHEEP AXD HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO. Dec. 5.— CATTLE— Receipts. 31,
000; steady; rood to prime steers, $8 1O&7 15;
poor to mediums, $3 75® 5 95; stockers and
feeders, $2 2564 35; cows. 91 50^4 10; heifers,
|2g5; canners, $i 35@2 40; bulls. $2®4 25;
calves, $3 50@7; Western steers, $3 5Og5.
HOGS — Receipts, 66,000; to-morrow. 33,000;
market 5c lower; mixed and butchers, 14 40®
4 65; good to choice heavy $4 600*4 65; rough
heavy. *4 S5®4 50; llgh.t. $4 40@4 55; bulk of
sales. $4 S2H&4 67H
SHEEP—Receipts, 25,000; shaep and lambs
steady; good to choice wethers, 54 40$?5; fair
to choice mixed, $3 50@4 30; Western sheep,
$3 25©4 90; native lambs. |4 60@6 15; West
ern lambs. H CO06. .-■.-..
Omaha.
OMAHA, Dec. 6. — CATTliE — Receipts, 3000;
stronger; native steers $3 756« 25; cows and
heifers. $2 50@3 80; Western steers, $3g-4 70;
Texas steers, $2 7663 S3; range cows and
heifers, $2 3OQ3 40; canners, $1 75@2 30;
ttockers and feeders, $2 5OQ4; calves, $34i5 50
bulls and n&s*. %2<&i.
HOGS— Receipts. 7000; market Bo lower;
heavy. (4 4004 55; mixed. $4 4034 46; light.
>t KSI W; pigs. $4g4 So; bulk of Kales,
14 40&4 45.
SHEEP — Receipts, 1500; strong; Western
yertlings, $4 30@4 75; wethers. $4 20(34 60;
ewes. $3 90@4 50; common and stockers, (2 50
@4 40; lambs. $5@6.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Dec. 5. — CATTLE — Re
ceipts. 11,000; steady; native steers. $3 5o@
6 20; native cows and heifers, $1 76® 5; stocle
ers and feeders. $2 50@4; bulls $2j?3 50
calves. %2 50© 0 25; Western steers. |3@i 75;
Western cows, $1 75(93 50.
HOGS — Receipts. 7000; steady to 5c lower
bulk of saJes. $4 30®4 60; heavy, $4 55®4 65;
packers. $4 45©4 60; pigs and light. $4@4 45.
SHEEP— Receipts, 300;*market &S10c higher;
muttons. $3 75^5; lambs, $4 5O@«; ranse
wethers. $4ff4 90; ewes, ?2 50@4 25.
MISCELLANEOUS 3IARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL^
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening 7 2\i 7 4% 7 4%
Closing .....7 2% 7 4& 7 4%
PARIS. {
Wheat — Dec' Mar. -June. !
Opening •.-•• 24 IS 25 40 |
Closing .24 20 25 45
Flour — j
Opening: 3100 33 IS '
Closing. 32 05 8315_j
Liverpool Cotton Market.
LIVERPOOL.. D«c. 6. — Owing to th« Agri
cultural Department report on the Amerclan
cotton crop and the consequent break In the
New York cotton market Saturday, the cotton
market here to-day opened very excited. • The
first transaction was a sale of March and
April at 44s 6d a lors of 25 point*. This was
followed quickly by running sales down to
44s 2d. January and February opened 34 points
lower. Trading wae very heavy. .
After the opening the market was subject
to fits of excitement. When the first New York
prices wtre received January and February
dropped from 42d 5s to 41s 8d and other options
were correspondingly lower. A slight rally
followed and at 3 :30 prices were about forty
points under Saturday's closing prices.
St. Ixrais Wool Market.
ST. LOUIS, D«c. 5.— Wool— Steady to firm.
Medium grades, combing and clothing, 23®
29c; light fine. lS@22c; heavy fine, 14618c;
tub washed, 27640c.
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec 5.— WHEAT— For export:
Walla Walla, BOc; bluestem, 85c. For milling:
Walla Walla. 83c; bluestem. 8Sc; valley, 87 He
For Eastern markets: Walla Walla, 85c;
blntstem. 90c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Dec. 8.— WHEAT— Ic higher;
blueitem, S8c; Club, 86c.
Northern Business.
TACOMA, D«o. 6. — Clearings, 9618,891; bal
ances, $38,8711. t^BaB**
PORTLAND, Dec 5. — Clearings, $791,756;
balances, $76,746.
SPOKANE, D«c 6.— Clearings, $628,075; bal
ances, $50,746.
' SEATTLE, Dec. 5.— Clearings, $885,672;
balances, $100,664. .
LOCAL MARKET.
Exchange and • Bullion.
Rites showed rery little change,
In the Korea's treasure list printed Sunday
the bullion for Hlogo was gold instead of sil
ver. The total value 'as published waa correct.
• LOCAL..' , '
SterhngiExchange, sixty, days. .$4 83%e< 81
Sterling Exchange, sight ...... 4 MP-iQ"-* 87-
Eterling Exchange, cables ...... 4 8Q%@i 87H
New York Exchange, sight.... Par (f
N. T. Exchange, telegraphic... n2%© —
BilTer. per ounce © 59%
Mexican Dollars .::..:r^.TTr.-.-^4S%© - 48!fc
INTERNATIONAL.
New Tork on Paris ..... ..515H
New York on Mexico . . .". ............ . . . .205
Paris on London
Berlin on. London ..;... 20. US *«
Wheat and Other, Grains. , ,
- WHEAT— Liverpool '.futures were higher.'' The
world's . shipments for - the week were I as .* fol
lows, - In : quarters : •<. Russia.; 5S7.000; ' Danublan,
85.000; Argentine,- 86.000; Indian. 383.000; Aus
tralian. 13,000.- . ,. , -■/,; . ' J
t Chicago was l%c higher on the day. with the
pit. buying on poor reports ' from :• the; Argentine,
nroomhall: cabled, weather again -unsettled and;'
threatening . damage . to Argentine • harvest. - I'ri- ■
vate cables from Melbourne report Australian
crop seriously damaged .by. heat.
The local market; was quiet and , practically
unchanged, both as to cash grain and futures.'
, :■' CASH WHEAT.
California Club, $1 45©152^; California
White Australian, $1 CC®1 ■ Z2\t,: Northern
Club $1 50®l 62V>, with none offering; North
ern Bluestem. $1 60@l. C2%; Northern. Red.
(1 47H per ctl. • ' -. , '
FUTURES.
Seselon 9 to 11 :30 a. m. . .
Open. High. . Low. Close.
May *1 44*4 $1 449i ?l 44tf $1 444
December— No sales: $1 41 H bid.
December (19C6)— No sales; $130 bid.
■• 2 p. m. Session.
May— $1 44U bid. I 1 44^ asked.
BARLEY — There was no particular change,
either In futures or the cash grain, both being
quUt. CASH BARLEY.
Feed, $1055112%; Brewing and Shipping.
$1 1C©1 17%; Chevalier.- $1 15@1 20 per ctl.
FUTURES.
Seselon 9 to 11:30 a.- m.
May— $1 09. '.*'«,. ,
. 2 p. m. Seswonqp||*;i|
May— $1 0S% bid. 51 09 asked. . .
OATS — There is nothing new to report, the
market being well supplied and quiet.
White. *1 !£%@1'5T*,; Surprise. $1 5501 60;
Red for feed. *1 32V4@1 *3 for No. 1 "*nd
*1 22>A@1 SO for No. 2; extra fine for seed,
$1 42%@1 60; Black. $1 30®l 35 for feed and
$1 45®1 C2V4 seed.
CORN— There is no further change In prices,
but the market Is rather weak than otherwise,
with large offerings by Chicago.
Western sacked. $1 4CQ1 45 for Yellow.
White and Mixed; California large Yellow.
$1 40*51 45: small round do, $1 SO: White,
nominal: Egyptian. $1 35@1 40 for White and
$1 17^®1 20 for Brown. .
RYE— $1 4(R?1 45 per cU.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at about $2 per
cental. •'-; '
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras. $4 8OJJ
5 10 usual terms; Bakers* Extras, $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, Jobbing at $*Qi 50
per bbl.
M1LLSTUFFS — Prices in packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour. 53 25: Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7- Corn MeaL $2 50; extra cream do, 93 CO;
Oat Meal. $i; Oat Groats, $4 25; Hominy,
$3 60ig3 85; Buckwheat Flour, J4 25; Cracked
Wheat. *3 75; Farina, $4; Whole. Wheat
Flour $3 50; Rolled Oats, bbls, $<j 75@7 BO; In
sacks" $4 25; Pearl Barley. »5; Split Peas,
boxes". $5 50; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
Receipts of Hay were large, being 020 tons.
Including S5 cars, mostly of good quality, and
the market was dull and weak. Bran and Mid
dllngs continued firm at previous prices.
BRAN- $20@-'l per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $25@2S per ton.
SHORTS— $20@ 21 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $24524 50 per
ton- Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50@32 50:
lobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake. $23®24: Cocoa
nut Meal, $24@25; Corn Meal. *3X 50ffl32;
Cracked Corn, $32@32 50;' Mixed Feed, ?22®
23; Horse. Beans, $30@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed. 90c per ctl. . x
-HAT— Wheat, fl0@15; Wheat and Oat $10©
14; Oat. $9© 12; Barley and Oat. *8@U; Volun
te«r Wild Oat, $7610; stable. »9@10; stock
$5 5O©7; Clover, $7@10; Alfalfa, $0©12 per
STRAW— 35@60c per bale. . \
Beans and Seeds.
A letter from Ventura to the Lo« Angeles
Times says:
"The Lima Bean market Is stagnant at (3 90
per hundred. Holders — the growers — are In
clined to' hold on for 4c a pound, while buyers
are not offering more than $3 $0 and not clam,
oring for Llmaa. even at that price. There
seems no outside demand for the Lima, East
or elsewhere. There has been but little move^
ment in Llmas this .. eeason. Of the 350.000
sacks grown In this county the 'past season no
more than SO.000 sacks have been shipped out,
bringing all the way from $3 50 to ?1 a hun
dred. Some of this 60,000 sacks, too. consisted
of last year's Beans, of which nearly 80.000
sacks were held over.
"The grower Is not anxious to sell. He In
sists that the lull is but temporary and that
soon or late there will come a crying demand
for the Beans and that he will be able to un
load at a much better figure than |3 00, the
rultng price."
Otherwise there Is nothing new. The mar
ket is of a holiday character. Beans being In
active at the old familiar quotations, and
Seeds as before quoted. Some Eastern Alfalfa
Seed Is at hand.
BEANS — Bayos. $2 75®3: . Pea, nominal:
Butter, $3@3 25; small White. S3 15©3 30;
large White. *2 40^2 65: Pink, $2 75fc3 15;
Red. $4 25£4 50; Lima. $1 1C®4 20; Red Kid
neys,' • $4 60;' Blackeyes, $2 C0g2 75 per ctl:
Horse Beans. $1 S5@2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard nominal — no good
lota ottering; Yellow Mustard 3%©3%c; Flax,
$282.75- Canary. 6%c: Alfalfa. l2H@13o:
Rape, i#€2%c; Timothy. 5%c; Hemp 3%®
3%c per lb: Millet. 2}4©3%c; Broom Corn
Seed. 120^21 per ton.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of river Potatoes were heavy over
Sunday and consisted largely of low-grade
stock, which continued dull at easy price*. The
beet lots continued to meet with prompt sale
at the top quotation and Salinas Burbanks
were reported ( steady at . unchanged rates.
Kight cars of Sweets were marketed, causing
a wider range In prices. - Onions were firm at
the previously quoted rates. - •"-.--■ . -
Receipts of southern ■ vegetables were liberal
and consisted chiefly of Peas and Beans, which
sold at lower prices. Bay Tomatoes sold slowly
at 50@COc per box in originial packages, while
repacked lots sold up to $1. Offerings from
the eouth were quiet at T.VffJl per box. Re*
celpts of Egg Plant and Cucumbers from near
by points were plentiful and both descriptions
werfe lower.
POTATOES— Burbankg from th» river. 400
70c per ctl: Salinas Burbanks. $1 10©l 42 H per
ctl; Oregon Burbanks, 75c©$l per ctl; River
Reds. 6OS7Oc per cal; Sweet Potatoes C5«S5c
per ctl. «•' ■
ONIONS— $2@2 40 per ctl for fancy; cut onions
(1 7502 per Back. -
VEGETABLE^— Green Peas. 3<8~-; per. lb;
String Beans." 4©5c per lb; Wax Beans, 4<S5e:
Lima Beans.- 4@7c per lb; Tomatoc*, 50oti$l
per box; Summer Squash. 75o -'per box- for
Eouthern andr$l 25 for-,- bay; Cabbage «JOc
per ctl; Carrots.* 75c per sack; Cucumbers.
75c@*l per box; Garlic. 4%@5c. per lb; Ege
Plant, large boxes/ 7ie@$l; do eouthern 4(goc
per lb; Dried Peppers, nominal; Green Peppers.
40@50c per box; Marrowfat and Hubbard
Squash.' $8@10 per ton for round lot*.
Poultry and Game.
Four carloads of Western Poultry wert
available, two of which were placed on sale,
and another was reported close at hand and
due to-day. Receipts of domestic stock were
10 coope, but the market was amply supplied
with* stock carried over -.from Saturday. Tie
market generally had a. weak tone, with trade
rather quiet and Western stock selling at about
the same prices as local. . .
Receipts of- Game were h«>avy. but trade was
brisk and prices of all descriptions were v.eii
maintained.
POULTRY — Dressed Turkeys, nominal;
Live Turkeys, 15#17c per lb; Geese, per pair
$2@2 25; Goslings. $2 25®2 50; Ducks *6@f.
per dozen for old and $Cfi8 for young:;'- Hens,
$4@4 60 for small and $51(5 50 for large; young
Roosters. $5@5 50; old Roosters. $i<34 50; Fry.
ers, ?4®4 50; Broilers. *2,60®4: Pigeons. $1«
1 25; Squabs, $2®2 25.
GAME— Mallard ■- Ducks, *3@« per dozen;
Canvasback. $3@4; Teal. $1 5C@1 75; Sprle,
$2®3; - Widgeon, ■ $1 25S1 50; Red Hoads,
$1 50®2; small Ducks, $1 S.Vci'l 50; Gray Geese,
$2@3; White Geese, $1@1 75; Brant $1 253
2 50; Honkers. $3Q5: Snlpe^3 for English and
SI 50 for common: Doves. 51 25; Hare, $1 50®
1 75; Rabbits, $2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for
Brush. , , . .
Bnttcr, Cheese and Ej?g9.
Butter opened the week steady, with quota
tions standing. as on Saturday. Supplies were
sufficient for all : current ; needs and the de
mand was reported flow. Cheese was weak
and slightly lower. -as some of the factories,
which discontinued their production some time
ago, when v the market 'was heavily overloaded
and demoralized. .. have ., , resumed ; operations,
thus .increasing receipts. • Eggs were steady,
with arrivals lighter than for some time.
Receipts .were 38.3CO lbs Butter, 373 casea
Eggs and 37QO -lbs Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery; at first hands, 21e
for extras and 18020c for lower to medium
grades; dairy; 17®18c;cold storage, - nominal ;
store Butter. 10@14c; Eastern cubes, nominal;
Eastern ladle- packed. ' 16@16c. . ■ • '-...
CHEESE — llfJUVic for choice mild new and
931Ce for old: cold storage. lO^friie; Young
Americas 42@12»$c: Eastern. 10<315c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch, 35®38c for good to fancy and
2S4?32VsC for common;'cold storage/ 25@30c;
Eastern 25@28c for choice, 22@24c for t.unl
ardg and 19321c ; for- seconds.
Dccldiious and ' Fruits.
Dullness - still characterized the market -,. for
fresh' fruits and. changes. In prices were few
and slight. : Citrus fruits and Apples were still
In excessive supply;- while stocks of other fruits
were light but ample. .. Apples continued, to ar
rive freely - one • firm . alone having 12 cars ■ on
the railroad track; waiting to be hauled to the
stores. . Grapes * dragged '• badly." offerings being
mostly . of poor . quality ' and generally ■ unat
tractive. .: There .vwas very • little > demand for
Berries and /.there was a, general decline - in
values. .Prices of Longworths were too Irregu
lar to quote.- v Some fancy 'lots sold In a ped
dling' way during the dearly, trade at $15 per
chest, while equally: good stock.. which arrived
later, was offered; at 15, but: found no buyers.
Oranges'were very dull ; owing -to .the cool
weather . and - the .greenness > of. most of \ the
offerings.:- The other Citrus fruits shared in the
general dullness i and '< Japanese Mandarins were
lower.';; It was r announced ,J>y the '. managers of
the - auction . company v that* there .-would . be ' no
public sales ; of Oranges until ; after, the ' first > of
January. ■ • -' ' "-" ~- ...
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths, — —per
chest;: Cheneys,'. $3@5;*. Malindaa • and Brandy
wines.- $im©3. - •
RASPBERRIES— $i@& per, chest.-.
• 'HUCKLEBERRIES— 8® lie "per Mb. -, , •
. CRANBERRIES— |10®ll- plr bbl for East
ern and $2 "6@-3 per i box 'for Coos j Bay. ■
' APPLES— $1:25. per box ;for extra fancy, 75c
©$l'fer ordinary fancy and 40065c for common
to rhotce: Lady Apples. 52«2 25 per box. ■
: PEARS— AVlnter Nellis. $1 50®l 75 per box;
cookJntr varieties. 50e®<l- per box. '-
r PERSIMMONS— 50® <&c per box.
GRAPES— Crates. for Verdel and 4C<gSO:
for, other ' varieties ; small . boxes, . 30® 00c ; open
boxes. 75c«?$l. . . : „
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges. Navels. $162
per box; Seedlings. 75c@$l; Tangerines. 75c for
amall and $l(gl 25 for large boxes: Japanesa
Mandarins $1@V 25 per box; Lemons. $2 5C©3
for fancy. $1 75©2 25 for choice and $1®1 60
for etandarda; Grape Fruit. $1 75®2 50: Mexi
can Ltixies, ?4 per case; Bananas. |2@3 per
bunch for Central American and $162 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples $1 50®3 per dozen..
Dried Fruits, Nuts, Raisins. Honey. |
The market continues quiet and more or less ;
nominal. Holdings of Prunes In. the State are
now estimated at from -500 to S00 cars. In first !
hands, about half what was In the- State a
year ago. There Is a steady.^ quiet movement
In these goods at unchanged prices. California
Chestnuts are out and Italians are lower, with
another car just placed upon the market.
- FRUITS — Apricots 8®10%c for Royals and
9*£$?12c for Moorpaxks;, Nectarines. «H@"Hc
for White and 6>4@7c for Red; Peaches. 7%@
8%c per lb; Pears. 7©12c; Plums, pitted 6@ j
6%c for blacks. 7^©S%c for red and "68%c j
for yellow; Figs, 2-crown bricks. 50c; 3-crown. j
65c; 4-crown. 60c; 6-crown. 65c; bulk white. I
2 %@3c; black 2Hi<&5Hc; Evaporated Apples.
*\i>e0VtC per lb.
PRUNES— 1%@1%c per lb for the four «Ues
and 2Vic ba?U for the large "ires.
RAISINS.— i90t crop f. o. t>. Fresno—Im
perial clusters. $2 25#2 50; Dehesa. $1 30@l 35;
London Layers. 00c@$l 10; Loose Muscatels, 4- :
crown. 5@0%c; 3-crown. 4%c; 2-crown. 3V4O :
3?ic: • Seeded. 4%@0>.ic; Thompson's Seedless. I
4-riS-JHc; Seedless Sultanas 3S5c per lb. I
NUTS — Walnuts. No. 1 ssoft«hell. 12®
13c; No. 2. lOSllc; No. 1 hardshell. 12c; !
No. 2. 10c; Almonds, 16@l"c for Nonparlels. ,
14®14^c for I X L. 13%@14%c for Ne Plu« I
Ultra and lie for Languedoc; Peanuts. <j®7c for !
Eastern: Pecan*. ll@13c; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5; i
Chestnuts, 8<R0c per lb for Italian. !
HONEY— Comb, 11^4@13c for white and 10^ j
llc-for amber; water white extracted. BVi© !
6c: light amber extracted, 5@5^c; dark, 39 t
4 He j
BEESWA5C— 27® 29c per lb.
Provisions.
Hams and pure Lard are marked down »£c, !
with a new scale of weights and quotations for \
Hams. There are no other changes; -,
CURED MEATS — Bacon. iO%c per lb for
heavy. 10%c for light medium. 13c for light,
14c for extra light and. 1-H^c for sugar-cured;
dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie: Eastern sugar,
cured Hunt -12 to 14 lbs, 12»4c: 15 to 16 lbs,
12c; 17 to 20 lbs, ll%c; California Hams. I
ll%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 60 per bbl; extra !
Mess, $10 50@ll: Family, $12912 60; prime I
Mess Pork. $14 50: extra clear, $22; Mess,
$16 50: Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smoked
Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierce* quoted at 6%e per lb for
California compound. Tc for Eastern compound
and 9c for pure; half -barrels pure OUc: 10
1b tins. »%c: 5-lb tins. 9%c: 3-lb tins 10c.
COTTOLENE — One half barrel. S%i; thre»
half barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8%c; five tierce*. 8%o per lb.
Hides, Tallow, - Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about piffle under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light, 9%c; Cow
Hides. 9%c for heavy and 8%c for light;
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip, lO^e; Salted VeaL
lie; Salted Calf, llVic; dry Hides, 17V4c; dry
Kip, 15c; dry Calf, 20c; Sheepskins, shearlings
25® 40c each; short Wool.d40#65c each; me
dium, 75©90c; long Wool. $1@1 50; Horse
Hides, salt, $3 for large and $2 60 for
medium. $1 5O©2.for small and 50e for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry. *1 75 for large and f 1 25®
1 60 for medium. $1 for small. BOc for Colts
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican.' 30c: dry salted
Mexican. 25c: dry Central American. 30c; Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c; extra large do,
$1 25; large, 50c; medium. 35c; small. 20c
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 4@4%o per lb*
No. 2. 8%c; Grease. 2H@3c. • - -■■
WOOL — Fall clip— San Joaquln and South
ern. 0@llc; Southern. 8@9c; Southern Moun
tain. ORllc; Middle Counties, free. 12$ 14c;
do defective. 10@12c: Northern free 12©14c*
do. defective. 10@12c; Hurnboldt and Mendo
cino. 18©18c per lb. -
HOPS— 1804 crop. 27V4®31c . per lb.
Meat Market.
Beef is firm, with Cows higher on the Inside
quotation. Mutton and - Lamb have recovered
the quotations recently reduced and are firm at
the advance, and . Veal Is also higher. • Hogs
are unchanged but firm, with arrivals light.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterer* to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF — 6®7c for Steers and 4^5@54c per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large, 6H@Sc: small. Sff9o per lb
MUTTOX— Wethers. 7@8c; Ewm. 6>4@7Hc
per lb.
LAMB— 9®9%o per lb.
POIUC— Dressed Hogs. 6H©8^e p«r lb. ,
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations ara for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, leas 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7«©7%c; Cows. and Heif
ers. 6%CJ6V4c; ■ thin Cows 4{?5o per 1b. ■
CALVES — »©4fcc per lb" (gross weight).
SHEEP— Wethers. - 3tt©3%c: Ewes. 303 tto
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— 12 50® 2 75 per head.
HOGS— Live Hogs. 200 to 250 lbs. 414CM%e:
130 to 200 lbs. 6®5Kc: 80 to 130 lbs, 4<fc@4%c;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows, 20 per cent off;
Boars, 60 per cent off, and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
'BAGS — Grain Bags. 5^c spot and 6c for next
year; Wool Bags. SO^Mc; Fleece Twine. "He.
COALr— Wellington 18 per ton; New Wel
lington. $8; Seattle. $6 60: Bryant, $6 30;
Beaver Hill. $5 00; Koslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 iO:
Richmond. $8; Cumberland. fl3 In bulk and
$14 25 In sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump.
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50@13
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $S 00 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 5c; Linseed. Sic per gallon for boiled and
49c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1, 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10@l 12; Lucol. SOc for
boiled and 4Sc (or raw; China Nut, cases.
65080c per gallon; Cocoa nut Oil, In barrets,
68c for Ceylon and 55c for Australian; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil. 68c; natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil. 67c; natural Whale Oil. 62c; extra winter
strained Lard OH. 76c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil. 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil,
63c; light Herring Oil, 42c; dark Herring Oil,
40c: Salmon Oil.-34c; belled Fish Oil, 37o; raw
Fish Oil 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
Oil 31c*
COAL. OIL — Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases, 19Hc; Astral. 19%c;
Star. 19ttc; Extra Star. 22<4c; Elaine. 26c;
Eocene 21 '^c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, la
bulk 16c; In cases, 22 %e; Benzine, in bulk.
13c; in cacea. 19Hc; 8d-derree Gasoline, in
bulk, 25c: in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE — 75c per gallon in eases and
Cite in drum* and iron barrels. ' •
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead! T^©
7%c per lb; White Lead. 7*i@7?4c. according
to quantity. .
" SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com:
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100- lb bars:
Cubes A Crushed and Fine Crushed 6.25c;
Powdered, 6.10c; Cand7 Granulated. C.lbc: Dry
Granulated, fine. 6c; Dry Granulated, coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated
UOO-Ib bags only). 6.»0c; Confectioners' A. 9o;
Magnolia A/ 5.60c: Extra C, 5.50c; Golden C.
5.40c: "D."- 5.30c; barrels, 10c - more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb Dags.
10c more for all kinds. Tablets — Half barrels,
6.50c*. boxes. 6.75c; H.' ft E. J Crystal Domlnos.
9c per lb. No orders taken for less than sev
enty-five barrels or its equivalent.
, Receipts of Produce. i
FOR MONDAY. DECEMBER 5.
Flour qr -sks... 2.164|Onions. sks 50 1
Wheat, ctls .... 7.27«|Bran. sks ...... 1,058 :
Barley, ctls ..:. 6,570;MIddIlngs. «ks ... 315
Oats, ctls 40S.AIfalfa.sks .... 515
Tallow ctls '222i Wool, bales 1C4
Sugar, ctla ....'. 1,240,'Hops. bales ...... 177 i
Chicory bbls ... "IStraw. tons 18
Lime bbls . 273'Hay, tons ...... 02»
Wine' i« Is ...... 72,900f Leather, rolls ... aOO
Brandy, frals ... 32»>i Hides, No 832;
Raisins, bxs ... 250| Pelts, bdls 'V..... 510 ■
Beans, sks 2,5R2|Paper. rolls 635
Potatoes. . sks ... S.650I
OREGON.
Flour Qr sks..»10.718iPotatoes. eka .... 351
Barley, ctls 63[_
EASTERN.
Corn.' ctls • 1.S0OI Alfalfa Seed, sks 25
STOCK MARKET.
Business Rather Quieter,. With the
■ . > ■ Sugars Weaker.
Business on the , Stock and Bond Exchange
was very fair, but not up to last week's vol
ume. The sugars were weaner.Honokaa sell
ing oft to' $18. Paauhau to $20 50 and Hutchin
son to $15 12'/A.-. There was & further decline
in Alaska Packers to $86. Sales of bonds were
also smaller footing up $71,000.
Tlie Comstock mining shares were more act
ive, with a sharp advance in Ophir to $3 10 In
the ' forenoon, though ' prices subsequently fell
off again. There was also Increased trading
in ,the . Tonopahs. with no ■ pronounced varia
tions in prices. ..
California Wine ,wfll pay a dividend of 60c
and ' Giant ■ Powder one of 50c on the 10th." .
. The California Condensed Milk Company, has
levied an assessment - of . 10c, -. delinquent De
cember 25, and Etna Petroleum * Company one
of 20c. December 30.
. Dividends -paid ; yesterday were: .. Onomea
Sugar Company, : regular monthly. 20c per
share, amounting to $10,000: the Pacific Light
ing Company, 1 regular monthly of 35c per share.
The Southern Pacific Company has made ap
plication: to the New -York Stock Exchange. for
the listing of '$40,000,000 preferred stock. * ••;.
Application has been made to the New York
Stock Exchange to list the bonds of ! the Impe
rial-Japanese Government 6 per; cent "sterling
loan of 1011.'" •;■ "^ - 1 - ;----'
v-> Two -hundred • of the ■ Oregon ? and ;, California
Railroad first : general " mortgage 5 per/ cent
bonds,," dated 'July ' 1.':. 1887 ' have been ; drawn
for redemption on January 1/1906; interest will
cease ■, from i that- date. I"*
* Since 'July, 1;:1!XM, ".the large railroads of the
United : State* • have : placed through ':. the :*Wall
street market, either with the public or with
banking houses, securities aggregating nearly
$450,000,000. The Japanese loan* and the New
York City loan bring the total up to $300,000,
000.
STOCK AND 'BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Dee. 5.-2 p. m.
UNITED- • STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
4s qr coup..lo0VilO6 : *i!4s qr cp new.tfOHlSltt
4s qr reg...lO&K105%!Ss qr coup.. .104% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS./ '
Ala A W 5s. — — Joak T Co tto.120 —
Asao Oil 5s. 83% — l' Do 5s 113 —
Bay CPC 5*.101%102%| Do con Sa.lOt^lOS
Cal C O 5s. — 103 S 5s. 72 —
Cal G A E g iOm Cable 6s. — 124
m A ct 5s. 82% KSUiPac O Im 4s. — —
Cal-st C 58.114 — IP E Ry 5«.. — 1C4%
C-C Wat 5s. — 00 IP* C H O.104 —
EdL & P 6s. — 128 IP A O R 6a. — —
F A C H 6s.ll4% — . iPowell-st 6«. — —
Geary-st 5s.. 73 — »Sac EGAR3s.lC0% —
H CAS 5%9.105 — ,SF A BJVSs.llOVi —
Do '5s 100%10l ISlerra R 6s. — —
Hon R T Cs.106 — |8 P of A 6s
L A Elec 5a.lO3 — r (lftOO) ICO —
L A Ry 5s..llC%117 | (1910) .....110% —
L A L. Co 6a — — IS P of C 6a
Do gtd 6s.— — . (19OS)Sr A. 101 101%
Do gtd 5s. 102% — | riSO0)Sr B. — 103%
LAP lcm 5s.lC0% — | (1906) 104% —
Mkt-«t C 6s.ll6 — | (1912) .....114U —
Do lcm 5s.ll<S% — ISPC 1 eg 5s. — —
MV& MtT5s.lO5 110 I Do stampd.l0« 108H
NRR of C63.106 — |S P B R 88.134% —
Do 5s ....119V»119%!S V Wat 6«.104% —
N P C R -.3.IC.-.14 — I Do 4s 2dm.lOO —
N C Ry 6s.. — . — I Do 4s 3dm- 98 -—
N C P C 5s. — - I Dot mtgts 91% —
N S R R 5s. — . 07. IStkn GAEOs. 93
OG LAH 5S. — 110 ITT O & E 5s.lO2% —
O W gtd 5s. — 100. !ITR of SF 4s. 879m 88
s . WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa" — 30 (Port Costa... — —
Marln Co.... — 59% IS V Wat Co. 39 39%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L A P. 3% — (S F G A E. 55 —
Mutual EL.— llUlStkn G A E. — 6%
Pac L Co.. . — «1 |U. G A E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fnd.312 — I
~BANK STOCKS.
Am' Kt! Bk.. — 130 (L P A A 152 —
Anglo-Cal .. — 90 iMer Trust.... — 230
Bank of Cal. — 424 Merch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp.152 — S F National. — —
First Natlonl — —
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger 8 A L.2330 — ISav A L So.. — 10©
Hum SAL. — — |Sec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sav. — 100 lUnion T Co.2S00 —
S F Sav U.610 675 [
STREET RAILROADS.
California .. — 200 (Presidio ..... — 42
Geary — 40 |
POWDER.
Giant 61% — iVigorit — 4%
# SUGAR.
Hawaiian a 74% 76 LMakaweli C S3 33%
Honokaa S C 17% IS lOnomea 8 C. 32% 33
Hutch S P C 15% 15«|Paauhau 8 C 20* —
Kllauea S C. — 7 I .
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska P A. 85% — (Oceanic S Co. 7% — .
Cal F C A. — OOVilPac Aux FA. 4% — .
Cal Wine A. 76% — |Pac C Bon. 157 —
MVA MtTm. 85 102 (Pac 8 Tel Co.107%103%
: ■ :..\| j SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
- 50 Alaska Packers* Assn. b 30 87 60
50 Alaska Packers' Assn. b 30.... 87 00
30 California Wine Association.. . 76 e.2",
210 Hutchinson S P Co.. 15 37%
40 Oceanic S S Co 8 0O
25 Paauhau S P Co 21 00
10 S F Gas A Electric 54 75
4O_S, F Gas A Electric 65 CO
10 Spring Valley Water Co 39 25
$3,000 Paclflo Electric Ry 5 per cent. 104 75
Sl.CCO S F & S J V 5 per cent 119 25
$1,000 S P of C 6s <1903. Series A).. 101 25
$41,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 75
Street —
200 Paauhau 8 P Co. b 10 21 00
25 Faauhau S P Co 21 00
Afternoon Session.
Board-—
25 Alaska Packers' Association... S6 00
140 Honokaa S Co 18 00
25 Hutcblnson S P Co 15 25
75 Hutchinson 8 P Co 15 12%
50 Onomea Sugar Co 33 00
75 Onomea Sugar Co 32 75
100 Paauhau S P Co 20 75
40 Paauhau S P Co. 20 50
14 Pac States Tel A Tel Co 108 00
MS F Gaa A Electric... 65 00
50 S F Gaa A Electric. • 90.... 55 00
$4,000 United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 75
Street —
$10,000 Spring Val Wat gen mtge 4s.. 97 62%
$ll,«00 United R R of S,F 4 per cent. 87 75
. . Unlisted Securitie»r~
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
! Bid. A4k.| Bid. Ask.
: Bay. CPC 6a. — 100"Aj.SF A NP 6«.112% —
-B L Wat 6a. — 114%lS PCR.li.- 101
Cal NW 6S..113 114 S P Co 4%s. 99\1CO%
' M C Wat 6S.100 — Son Tel 6»... 114% —
Ris I WksSs — 105 > Do 5a 106 —
CF Drdk 5s. 112 — Suttr-st RSa.104 —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Ala S Co... 23% 25 IGas Con A.. — 20
Amer BU Co — 90 |LonA SF Bk. — 58
Cal Cot Mils 80 — iMat Nay Co. 70 —
Cal GAECor. 50 — |N«y Nat Bk.200 —
C Jockey C1.110 — IN Cal P Co. 9% 10
CalPowder..l30 145 |Oak Bk Sav.120 *—
Cal Ship Co. — 21 - Oak T Con.. 75 —
Cal T I A T — 155 llOOF Hall A 6% —
Cen Bk. Oak 60 67%]Orpheum Co.— 16%
Chutes Co .. 5 6 |PacC Caa Co.125 —
City A C Bk — 120 I Pac Sur Co. 105 —
Cyp L Imp.. 6 6%|Paraf Paint.. 39 —
East Dynm.. — 375 .8 F Drydock. — 63
DptPwd pfd. — 95 ISFASJ Coal. 17% 20
Do com ..40 — |S J Wat Co.103% —
FN Bk. Oak.120 — ISO A MTjrbt.125 —
Fischer Thtr — lUlSwin-A Bk..l2O
Frnch-A Bk.106 — ITruck Elect.. 11 12%
Hono PC». 2S% 31%|UR InC pfd. 67% 6S%
Do pool .. 2S 31 . Do com ... 17 —
SALES.
Morning Session.
' Board —
25 Union Sugar Oo 81 80
Street — -- '
$3,000 Southern Pacific Co 4%s .100 00
Afternoon Session.
Board—
25 United Ry Inv Co' pfd 68 00
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— Bid. Asked.
Ass-i OU Co Stock Trust Ort 23 24
California-Standard 16 17
Four 55 -....
Home 45 50
Imperial 13 00 ....
Independence .* S3 34
Junction 23 24
McKlttrick 10 ....
Monte Cristo. 72% 77%
Occldentalof W Va ..... 08 0©'
Oir City Petroleum ...' ' 63 64
Reed Crude .". S 10
Sovereign .*. '.:.. S3
Superior 04 ....
Thirty-three... 8 23 ....
Twenty-eight 12 00 < 13 00
Miscellaneous^- ■ .
Northern Cal Power 10 12%
SALES.
Morning Session.
Board —
400 Monte Cristo .' 75
1000 Home 50
250 Thirty-three Oil 6 25
500 Junction 23
100 Apollo 35
Afternocn Session.
Board — v
500 Oil City Petroleum. I..:.'.'.'.'.. ...... 63
0 Twenty-eight Oil... :...;v....\. 13 00
I 100 Twenty-eight Oil. b 00... 15.00
: Mining Stocks.
I SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE.
Following were the salea on the ?an Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
; Morning Session— Comstocks.
! 400 Andes 24 1 800 Savage 30
1 300 Con Cal A V.I 951 200 Seg Belcher... 06
1000 Gould A Cur. 241 500 Sierra Nev 55
5OO Mexican 1 35! 200 Silver Hill 60
V 400 Ophir ....... '-2 80j 5C0 Union Con.... 04!
200 Ophir ..." 2 85! 100 Union Con.... 63 1
200 Potosl 181 500 Yellow Jacket. 19 i
Afternoon Session— Comrtocks.
100 Andes ....... 24| 600 Justice 11
100 Belcher 23 1 100 Mexican 1 SO
100 CaledJnla .... «l 500 Ophir J CO
600 Chollar '. . 181 200 Savage 29
150 Con Cal A V.I 9O| 200 Savage 23
50 Con'CalA V.I 851 200 Seg Belcher... 06
700 Exchequer ... 4711100 Sierra Nev.... 54
1C0 Gould & Cur. 25| 10O Sierra Nev.... 53
100 Gould A Cur. 241 ICO. Union Con.... 64
! 100 Hale & Norc.1 20! 300 Union Con. . . . 63
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Aak.| Bld.Aak.
Alpha • 11 13!Julla 05 06
Alta-:. ....... 05- 06|Justice 10 12
Andes ....... 23 2«|Kentuck ..... 02 03
■ Belcher . . 24 251 Lady Wash .. 02 03
Best A Belch.l 10 1 15! Mexican ......1 30 1 33
Bullion .. 22 24|Occldenul ... .78 ■ 90
Caledonia.... 44 45{Ophir ........2 85 2 90
Challenge ... 15 17|0verman ..... 11- 13
Chollar 17 lS|Potosi 17 IS
Confidence ... 87 90{Scorpion 07 00
Con Cal A V.I 83 1 OOiSavare 28 2»
Con Imperial. 01 02 1 Seg Belcher...' 05 07
Con NT 03 04 (.Sierra Ner.... 60 51
i Crown. Point.. 17. 1H| Silver Hill.... 6O «2
Eureka Con.. — 50|St. Louis .... — 07
Exchequer-.... 4*» 48ISyndlcate 0« 09
E. Sierra Nev 03 05( Union Con.... 63 «3
Gould A Cur. 24 25! Utah 08 C9
Hale ANorc.1 05 1 151 Yellow Jacket. IS- 19
TONOPAH AND : GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
, Morning Session. .
500 Cent- Eureka; I fOi sou Ray 4- O'Brl»n 07
10ft "Jumbo ... 63l50OTon Gold Mt. ■ 1«
130<» MacNaman . 24( 1(¥1 Ton. of Nev.» «J2«A
: 100 Mont Ton.. 1 67m 1<X* Ton N Star... .24
400 Bullfrog 'Mtnf 19|
. Atternoon ' S*s»ion.
lOCrt GoJdfleld' Mhk 171 SOO Ray A (yprlen 07
-100 Mont Ton.*. 1 OTmHXX) Sandstorm .:. 25
lOflO.NfT Ton;Coa 11 100 Ton of Nev..» 75
200U Paymaster .. O4|
AUCTION SALES
5-ss -£*&
AXJCTIOU SALE.
6O-HORSild-5O
First consignment of pure- bred Percheroa
Colts. Fillies and Work Stock, also Frencn
Coach Colts, from the KLAMATH COUNTT
LIVESTOCK COMPANY, Orwcon.
This lot consist* laxrety cf Colts and Kl!-
Hes. from 2 to 5 years old. weighing from ttOO
to 1CU0 oounds. Sevesal thoroughly broken
pure-bred mares of perfect disposition and
splendid conformatloa. as well as work horses
ranging up to 1C0O pounds, being In thia ship-
ment. Also six-year-old thoroughly rcin^i
ana galted Saddle Horse. Ha Is handsome,
gentle and sound.
This is a SDlendld lot of rood, heavy-boned,
gentle-raised stock, not excelled by any on the
Coast. Inspection of which is specially inrUed.
Sale takes place
TUESDAY UVUSISQ, December 6. 1904.
At 7:*5 O'clock Sharo at Salesyard.
1732 MARKET ST.. NEAR VAN NESS AVC.
San Kranclaoo.
• FRED H. CHASS tt CO..
Livestock Auctioneers.
Horsea at yard Sunday. Dec. 4. SEND FOR
CATALOGUE. No outside horses will be of-
fered.
There will be a BIO CLOSING OtT SALS
Of 2 CARLOADS of GOOD YOUNG HORSED;
also a lot of WAGONS. BUGGIES and HAR-
NESS. TUESDAY. Dec. «. 11 a. m.. at 1140
Folsoro at. WILLIAM CLOCGH. Auctioneer.
NO AUCTION— PRIVATE SALB— Just from
the ranch. IS large. TOUNO HORSES, four
matched teams from 1100 to 1500 pounds; eaa
be seen at 2100 MISSION ST.. near 17th.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Tonopah.
Btd.A-k.i Bld.A*H»
Ton of N«v.» 75 10 CO West End 14 li
Mont Toa ...1 65 1 70iTon Gold Mt. 15 id
Ton Exun -.2 00 — I Rescue 06 OT
MaeXarr.ara . 22 241 Ray & O'Brien — OT
Ton Midway.. 35 3*; Paymaster ... (XI 04
Ton Belmont.. 74 75: Esperanza .... 01 03
Ton N Star... 22 23|Gol4 Anchor.. — 21
Ton Ohio 27)N Y Ton Con. 19 IS
GoMfiald.
Sandstorm ... — 251 Vernal Min .. 11 -*
Red Top 15 13 Black Bune.. 23 -m
Goldfleld Mhk 1(1 —I Adam* 09 U
Jumbo 60 — JBullfrof Mln.. — 15
Jumbo Ex .. 20 — I
TONOPAH MINING EXCHAXfiE.
Following were .the sale* on the San Fr%am
Cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday)
Morning Session. .
500 Adam* 10(1000 Her Goldfleld. 10
1000 Austin O M.. 2712000 Paymaster ... <H
1000 BullfroK Mln. 60-1500 Red Top 18
2000 Dixie Mln .. 20:2200 Rescue 08
10.5C0 Esperanza . 01| 400 Ton Belmont.. 75
600 Free Gold ... 15! 900 Ton Bclmont.. 78
400 Goldfleld Mln. 61 1 200 Ton Gold Mt. IT
COD Goldfleld Mln. 6414000 Ton N Star... 38
1C00 Gldfld Red I* oeitOOO Ton N Star... 25
100 Mont Ton ...1 70210O Ton N Star... 24
Afternoon Session.
10,000 Esperanza . 01| 500 Rescue 09"
1000 Fre« Gold ... IS 600 Sandstorm ... 23"
100 Goldfleld Min. Cl! 100 Sandstorm ... 30
200 Jumbo 62i 100 Sandstorm ... 20
800 Jumbo 61 j 40O Ton Belmont.. TT
100 Jumbo 6O| 100 Ton Extra. .2 07V»
1500 MacNamara . 22; 500 Ton Gold Mt. 18
10OO N T Ton Con 12t 55 Ton of Nev..S 75
250 N T Ton Con llilOOO Ton N Star... 2*
2000 Red Top 16 30O Ton N Star... 23
CIOSIXG QUOTATIONS.
Bld.AJk.l Bld-ASk.
Adam* 09 — lUttle Ton ..35 —
Austin G M. 28 — ILucky Tom ..02 05
Black Ants .. — lOj MacNamara ..22 23
Black Buttc IS — fMizpah Ex ... 12 —
Booth M Co. 12 — (Mont Ton ..1 67V. 1 7O
Blue Bull M. — ISiNev Goklileld. 10 —
Bullfrog; Mln. 55 — IN T Ton Con. 11 12
Columbia .... 21 — (Paymaster ... itt 08
Dlamondfleld. 25 — (Ray & O'Brien 04 —
Dixie Min ... 20 — (Red Top 15 —
Esperanza ... — 01) Rescue 05 OH
Free Gold ... 13 — iRcthwell G M. 10 5O
Gold Anchor. — 20 Sandstorm ... 25 28
Goldfleld B Bl — 12! South W M Co 6O —
Goldfleld BAB — 10'Ton Belmont.. 77 7*
Goldfleld Dmd — 20- Ton A Cal 15 20
Gldfld Gt Bnd — 16lTon Cash Boy. — 13
Goldfleld Mtn. 60 62!Ton Exten..2 07% —
Goldfleld Mhk 15 20 Ton A Gt W. — 02
Gldfld Red L — COiTon Gold Mt. 18 —
Goldfleld S Pk — lOiTon Midway.. 34 .15
Goldfleld Ton. — HITon of Ner.. — 10 00
Gold Mt Con. — fi2>Ton N Star. .. 22 23
Hazel Kirk .. — 12 United Ton .. — OT
Jim Butler .. M 6f)tUtopia 10 —
Jumbo ....... 5» 61l\>rnal Min ..CO 10
j Jumbo Ex ... 13 19|West End — 30
ALLOWS BILLS
FOR SEPTEMBER
Finance Committee Decides
to Pay the Yorke Company
for Repairing Pavements
The Supervisors' finance committed
yesterday decided to allow the Septem
ber demands of Yorke & Co. for repairs
to bituminous pavements. The commit
tee imposed a condition that the work
of repairing the streets which wu dis
continued because the August demand
was held up be resumed at once and
that th* committed be furnished daily
with figures on the actual area of •urw
face covered with bitumen tog-thel
with the location of the patches.
George B. Keane, the Mayor's seer%a
tary. Informed the committee that Ed- '
gar Peixotto held an unrecorded de«4
to the Castro street property formerly
owned by Ex-Cashier Wldber. who i»
now tn State's prison for mlsapproprl-*
ating the city's funds. The committed
decided to put the property up for sal*
to help satisfy Widber's shortage and
the City Attorney was directed to tak»
the necessary legal steps to protect tn*
city's Interest. ." .
The finance committee deferred ao«
tion on the bills of B. Hayes for J33C
and $500 for the transportation of vot
ing machines for the recent election*
George Renner of the Draymen's Asso*
elation gave some expert testimony
relative to the cost of transporting th*
machines to and from the election
booths. He said that he would charge
$10 for the service against $12 50
charged by Hayes. Renner figured that
$16 would be a fair charge for transpor
tation of the machines for exhibition
purposes against $20 charged by Hayes.
The ordinance prohibiting the deposit
of oil drippings from automobiles on
the public streets was re-referred to th©
street committee because it was not in
satisfactory form.
Supervisors Booth, Comte. D'Ancona
and Sanderson were appointed a com
mittee to draw up resolutions of re
spect to the memory of the late Ex-
Mayer H. F. Tesemacher, who recently
died In Switzerland.,
The ordinance regulating side
walk elevators, which was submitted
by the Merchants' Association, was
passed to print by the Board of Su
pervisors. The ordinance requires
guards to be placed around the side
walk openings when the elevator is
being used for the receipt and delivery
of freight.
Authorizations wer» drawn for the
return of special tazti to the Califor
nia Street Railway Company and a
number of other protesting taxpayers
who have recovered Judgments against
the city for the same. The City
Attorney was directed not to appeal
from the Superior Court decision that
the legal width of Fifteenth avenue,
north of Golden Gate Park, Is 70 feet.
Amateur boxing permits were grant
ed to the Lincoln Club for December
30 and tt? the Bay City Club for De
cember 9- Grades were ordered
changed at points on J street. Third,
Fifth and Sixth avenues. ,
The fallowing ordinances were finally
passed: Ordering the construction of
oil plants at the City Hall and Hall of
Justice: granting a permit to the Pa
cific Oil Company to lay an oil pipe line
on Second street, near Kingj ordering
street. work on Second avenue. Third
avenue. Mateo, Palmer and Chentry
streets.
1516
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CLOSING OUT
Our Seattle
Stock In S. F\
%Ve are closinsr out our entire Seattle stock, which had to be shipped to
San Francisco. This brines Into our hands 275 new and used pianos, which
must be disposed of at actual wholesale price. This Is the greatest oppor-
tunity ever offered. Procure a real high class piano at a low price. Your
tprma are our terras. Brin*r J6 to put down as a nrst payment, and J6 per
month. w<* will give you the cash discount on any of these pianos. $450 pianos
Fo at J2"5. $275 pianos so at J135. Open day and night.
RentS &O Up — Applied I 53 New Pianos at S132 each.
Mfti (I purchased 25 per cent Discount on Piano Playirs
Below are a few bargains to give you an Idea.
r ;:.'--; KIT Stetson flOS
Occidental f3S *« w England $i?,j»
Antlaell *4O *£%« tr Jg^
Crow and Christopher *3i .s tark . slightly 'used'.V.V.'.V.V.'.V.VljiaS. *1«*5
Filaher *5O 2 steinway *2O5
Conrad *«' 4 Heine flfKS. f26S. *2S5. «36O
KimlrfJI >«i3 Knabe #2JH>
2 Fischer *»7 Weber $lt»5
Jpnttt ?1I4 Decker Bros. $217
>>>uraan *!*S 2 piano players $O5, f 125, $183
Fuller Vl*7 . NEW SAMPLE UPRIGHTS.
MarfhaM 9115 2 Mason A Hamlin. art finish $285. §203
Pomnn-r 9'**" Behr Bros ,.1S1S7
Pherman & Hrde K117 Gabler it3«l>
Majiyfleld & Xotnl #1I!» Krell .<:«;
Ki«l» $130 Pmith & Barnes I11U5
4 E^nereon HOO. J^DS. 91O5. K1X5 Hallet i; Davis »!«><►
Mltto 913O Conover #215
3 Haynes fl*O, fllO, »147 Steger S35O
Howard 91C» Singer 1 1*237
: Chlckerfcr-g *1*IH Krell *. - t27
£h>« »!«>.% Heine, discontinued style .9475
iSchillrr 91U5 Gabler. d!«continued style 93U5
HEINE
COm 235-237 GEABT ST H S. T« ON THE SQUABE. OAKAND, 882 BBOABWAY.
JOURNEYS FAR
TO MEET LOVER
3 Hiss Laura Lay's Fiance
Is Impatiently Awaiting
Her Arrival in Orient
Impatiently waiting at the Occi
dental Hotel for the departure of the
next China steamer is Miss Laura
Lay of Grand Junction, Colo., who is
making a 6000-mile triD to be claimed
by !i husband. She is on her way to
Hongkong:, where she •will meet her
sweetheart, W. R. Johnson. Their
marriage is planned to follow imme
diately after her arrival in Hongkong,
whence they will proceed to Iloilo, in
the Philippine Islands, her future
home.
Mips Lay is the daughter of J. B.
A. l*iy of the Lay-Nattinger Com
pany of Grand Junction. Colo.
Mr. Johnson is the brother of the
former American Consul, Al B. John
son, who was stationed at Amoy,
China, for a long- period. At the pres
ent time llr. Johnson is general man
ager of the electric railway in Manila
end of the electric light and power
pjjuit at Iloilo.
The courtship of the couple reads
like a romance and extends back over
a number of years, wnen they were
children in Grand Junction. Ever
since they have been true to their
childhood betrothal, and eren though
Mr. Johnson found it necessary to
leave his sweetheart for a distance of
€000 miles, the two remained true to
each other, and when he had secured
a permanent position and had erected
a home in the far-off Philippines she
vmn ready to go there.
A Great Rush.
The 335,000 creditors' sale of cloaks
and cults. 762 Market street. Is a great
success. All day yesterday the store was
©vercrowdea "with buyers. Sale Trill open
daily 9:30 a. m. By order of E. J. Han
son, assignee. •
TO rtfSTIUBUTE BIO ESTATE.— Gullleroio
Mack, son of William Mack, who died In
April. 1901. at Monte Carlo, yesterday pe
titioned the Probate Court for the distrlbu
,tion of $750,000 from the estate to the five
.children. Mack left half of hie estate to his
Yldonr. Carolina, but eh* renounced her interest
.for an annuity of $8000. Heretofore (35.(00
Jia* been advanced to a daughter, Sara; $10
©00 to a daughter. Elena, and $113,037 50 to
,m. Foti. Enrique. The remainder of the estate
jfcas been appraised at $783,648 87 and there
' are no debts. . ■ . ,
Xow for the Rush.
To-iny, 10 a. m.. will commence the (35.000
fcredltors' r a!e cf Baron's fine cloaks and
•tilts, 762 Market- street, br order of E. Han
con, Asslmee. .. % », r . •
KBXJGEH'S TOE AMPUTATED.— Fran*
Otto Kropr, barber, on Twenty-second atreet
n«*r Valencia, attempted to board an out
bound Mission street car while In motion at
Eleventh street early yesterday morning 1 . H»
reli and th« rear wheel passed over his rlrtt
foot. H» wbji taken to the Southern Pacific
Hospital, where It was found necessary to
amputate the second toe of Ms foot.
fiome very swell e&Ulocuts come from Rd
*rard Kno*l*t Co., printer*. 24 Second st. •
ASKS PAT FOR INJURIES.— Fred Dehn
hardt. a "rlrper" employed by C. A. Blume
yesterd&v sued the latter for (20.000 for In
juries resulting from a fall from tb« third
*tory to the basement of the Slmonoff build
in* on Sixth street. August 23. last. D*hn
fcardt was moving a eteel irtrter and th» plank
upon wfclelj It was re«tln«r guve way. Both
legs were broken In the fall.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GHIRARDELLI'S
tnU^«/l An eatinj chocolate or de-
\J \\ Uffhtful taste that doss not
k\ \\ causs thirst. Fresher and.
rr^jfc \»r more healthful than im-
ffflSlr' s IW PortBd brands.
BEGINS FIGHT
FOR FORTUNE
George Monnier Will Try to
-Obtain Share of Big Es
tate Left by Wine Owner
The legal fight over the possession of
the 5225,000 left by the late wine manu
facturer, George Monnier,. began in
earnest yesterday morning In Judge
Graham's court. George D. Collins,
counsel for the proponents, attempted
to make George Monnier Jr. prove that
he had the rieht to contest the will on
the ground of legitimacy. The court
ruled that the points should be decided
by the jury in connection with the oth
er issues of the contest.
Collins In his opening statement ' to
the Jury asserted that George Monnier
Jr. was not even the natural son of
George Monnier Sr., but adopted at the
request of the old man's wife, Johanna
M. Monnier. The boy was given an
education and treated affectionately,
but in return, the counsel claimed, he
repaid them with curses and blows,
even to breaking a cane over his fos
ter-father's head. Collins said that it
was on account of this treatment that
the father disinherited his adopted son.
Matt Sullivan, for the contestants,
said that Monnfer's treatment of the
young man was always friendly, and
the son loved his father. The son mar
ried Violet Henry against the wishes of
his foster-Darents, but the old man
would have relented but for the influ
ence of Johanna Monnier, who, Sullivan
claimed, led him to disinherit his son.
Sullivan further said that George
Monnier JrT was the natural son of
Monnier and Mary E. Darling, and that
he was legally adopted and later bap
tized aa his son, with the consent of his
wife. The defense alleged that as the
baptismal certificate was written in
Latin Monnier did not know what he
was signing. This was disproved and
the record was admitted.
Mm. Elizabeth D. Leslie testified that
she had a conversation with Monnier
Sr/ when the son was a little boy. In
which the old man Indirectly admitted
that the child was his son by another
woman than his wife. The defense at
tempted to shake her statement, but
failed. .
Leon Miclo and Elsie Mugge,' formerly
employed by Monnier Sr., testified that
the relations between father and son
were always friendly. Miss Miclo said
that the father suppled the young
couple with money unknown to the
wife, .who objected ] to] their receiving
aid from him. The case will go on this
morning -at 11:80 o'clock.
Christmas Fountain Pens.
We are sole agents and Belling agents
for the best fountain pens In the world
Prices $1.00. $2.00, $2.50, up to $7.50
each. Satisfaction or money returned
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
England's bill for sugar to make into
sweets is $2,000,000 every week.
When afflicted with a hard cold, nothlnr
is bo effective as Plao's Cure. 25c ' •
The hide of a cow makes twice aa
much leather as that of a horse.
THE -SAN; -FRANCISCO CALL, - TUESDAY; DECEMBER <v 1904:
MAJORITY AND MINORITY
REPORTS BY GRAND JURY
Dissensions Are Many
Election Commissioners Subjects
for the Most Criticism^
The Grand Jury was formally, dis
charged by Judge Kerrigan yesterday
morning after rendering a . majority
and two minority reports. The differ
ences of opinion In the Jury were not
confined to the findings of 'the minori
ties, but non-concurrences of certain
members to parts of the regular report
HORSESHOEING
BIDS INVITED
Board Declares That Work
of Farrier for the City
Must Be Done by Contract
PROTESTS ABE HEEDED
The Board of Supervisors yesterday
directed the clerk to advertise the Invi
tation of proposals for the shoeing of
all the horses belonging to the Police
Department, Department of Electric
ity, Sheriff, City and County Hospital,
Almshouse, Emergency Hospital and
Coroner, in accordance with the speci
fications to be prepared therefor.
The ordinance ordering the improve
ment of San Jose, San Bruno, Corbett,
Ocean View and Point Lobos avenues,
at an estimated cost of $14,000, the ex
pense of which is to be borne by the
city, was finally passed.
Similar action was taken on the or
dinance prohibiting the shaking of dice
for money or chips in public places.
The Board of Public Works was di
rected to prepare specifications for ar
tificial stone sidewalks around Alamo
square.
The sum of $26,000 was ordered paid
to the Standard Company for forty vot
ing machines.
A number of old ordinances affecting
the peace of the community were re
enacted at the request of the Police
Department.
The clerk was directed to advertise
for proposals for the furnishing of
street signs, for which $1500 has been
set aside.
The Board of Public Works was di
rected to determine the damages and
assess the benefits caused by the
change of grades on Seventh, Missis
sippi, Seventeenth, Marlposa and other
streets. .V'--
The claim of Charles Klein for 515
for repairs to a laundry wagon which
was run into by one of the teams of
the Department of Electricity was re
jected.
The Board of Public- Works was re
quested to prepare plans for a safety
station at Market and Powell streets.
A proposed ordinance prohibiting the
conveyance of bread, cakes or pastry
through the public streets In open bas
kets or exposed containers was referred
to the Health Committee.
The ordinance prescribing a district
within which It is required to repair
roofs with flre-proof material only
should they be totally destroyed by
flre was rereferred to the joint Com
mittee on Judiciary and Fire, which
will meet Friday at 3 d. m.
A protest signed by seventy-seven
owners of real estate inside of Baker
street was filed against the ordinance
on the alleged ground that it is class
legislation. Thomas Havens, • a tax
payer, and W. H. Newell of the Pacific
Redwood Shingle Company also op
posed 1 the ordinance.
j Supervisor, Comte thought the district
prescribed bv the ordinance should be
considerably reduced in extent in view
of the protests filed. Lunstedt explained
that the district had been narrowed
from the original limits proposed, and
that the clause requiring fireproof ma
terial to be used when roofs were dam
aged to the extent of 40 per cent had
been eliminated, *-.?:■
The ordinance authorizing the Fire
Commissioners to issue 325 fire badges
was passed to print. ■ . .
MANY COUNTY COMMITTEKS
* TO. GATHER AT PASADENA
All Sections of the State Will Be Rep.
resented at First Conference
of Its Kind.
The California Promotion'Commit
tee reports that the meeting of or
ganizations throughout the State, to
be held at Pasadena December 17,
will be largely attended.. Men en
gaged in promotion work from' Del
Norte to San Diego will, discuss "Cal
if ornla Publicity" and all the county
promotion committees ..in California
will be represented by one or more
delegates.
This will be the first meeting of the
county promotion committees of the
State. These committees have
formed as a result of the* meeting of
the officers of development organiza
tions and chambers of commerce, held
at Sacramento last June. . Their ob
ject is unity, in their work for Calif or
nial. Every county . promotion . com
mittee is composed of representatives
of commercial organizations.
Lawyers Escape Jail.
P. E. Zabala and J. J. Wyatt were
released from arrest yesterday by the
Supreme Court. The defendants ;are
leading: attorneys In Monterey,. Coun
ty. They were engaged as counsel for
an ■ Impecunious citizen of . Santa Cruz.
The 1 lawyers learned that they ; : could
get no pay from their client, so\thyy
gave up the case., When the -defend-"
ant was brought to trial. Judge. Lucas
Emith ,of Santa Cruz -appointed two
lawyers as , counsel , and . then, sum-'
moning' Zabala and .Wyatt,—^directed
them also -to appearfor the prisoner.
1 hey refused to do so ■ and were sen
tenced to jail for "contempt.; An''al
ternative writ >; of . habeas corpus: In
their favor -was secured and t Judge
Smith's return is held no.' to: sustain
the jurisdiction.
. NEGRO HEAVILY- FINED.— A.-, W.' Clay,
colored. \ wa» tried - before . a Jury '„■ In Judge
Ccok's court yesterday on a charge of assault
to murder and was convicted of assault with
a-' deadly <■ weapon. ..;. He waived < time '. for > sen
tence and the . Judge fined him $500, '.with - the
alternative of > 260 < days > In *; the \ County " Jail.'
On September': 1 ' : Clay..; became ; angry,' because
he was not awarded: the; first' prize* for a: buck
and : wing: dance In a - dance hall -. at' 620 Pacific
street and • fired - a '■. «hot '- over ■ a \ partition -? at
Charles ' Sales,:- his • successful i rival, , the,- bullet
lodging in • Sales' , heel. . • ,
one .mind it isn't a difficult * taitfc to
figure out which ; originally "owned the
were attached thereto. Only twelve
members . of the body were present.
Wakefleld Baker, F. H. Kilduff and M.
J.** O'Brien are out of town, and the
other absentees were: ■' J. W. Carmany,"
Charles W> Welch and I. Zellerbach.
In the raport of the majority, Jurors
Maurice , Levy and George '.., Purlenky
took exceptions to the portion referring
to the Mayor's. not having taken cog
nizance of the actions of certain of his
Commissioners. Theodore Bonnet, .Wil
liam Broderick and James C. Nealon
dissented : from the comments on the
Assessor .without wishing to impugn
the honesty of his. official acts. Those
who concurred in all" of the report
were:. Foreman Alfred Lilienfeld,
Charles A. Mcl^ane, Milton H./Esberg,
Maurice. Block and Otto Jungblut.
The major report found that "certain
Commissioners were engaged in prac
tices not consistent with a high sense
of civic duty" and cited that one Po
lice Commissioner was in the insurance
business, with the bulk of his income
derived from saloon-keepers, and an
other in the cigar business getting a
portion of his income from the same
source. The Election Commissioners,
the report declares, "were criminally
negligent in the performance of their
duties and with criminal Intent they
violated the laws"; that gross frauds
were perpetrated at the August pri
maries and that the election machin
ery v.as handled In a manner most dis
creditable.
The Jury believes that there Is room
for great Improvement in the Board of
Public Works. It is thought that the
question of the right . of the School
Board to the expenditure of public
school rmoney Bhould be Judicially de
termined.
POLICE INADEQUATE.
The jurors say they are impressed
with, the necessity of removing the
Police Department from the influence
of political masters, and recommend
the election of four Police Commis
sioners by the Superior Judges. The
police force is said to be entirely in
adequate, and the employment of one
hundred more patrolmen Is recom
mended.
It is urged. that the School depart
ment provide fire escapes and flre
alarm systems for all the buildings.
The Public Library is said to need
more light and room.
In the report there are various de
grees of praise for the Assessor,
Health Department, Board of Super
visors, Tax Collector, City Attorney,
Golden Gate Park, County Clerk.
Sheriff. St. Catherine's Home and the
District Attorney. It is recommended
that the latter be permitted to employ
three detectives for. use. in his office.
Ono of the minority, reports was
filed by Dr. George I. Drucker, xas
chairman of the committee on public
•welfare. - His first recommendation
is that "the presiding Judge especially
direct future grand Jurors not to
communicate: any of the proceedings
of a Grand Jury to any one connected
with a newspaper.
' An amendment' to the laws is sug
gested whereby, it, will hereafter be
impossible for citizens who have held
partisan offices to become members of
grand Jurtes. Political -partisanship
of members is said to have tinged
their actions, and as an example the
report instances "the . accusation
brought against -the Election • Com
missioners as a concession to ; undue
influence and to political prejudices."
It is « declared that the attacks of the
press- and this Jury upon Mayor
Schmitz and: his appointees "are en
tirely unjustified and wholly without
foundation."
The report finds that the • County
Hospital and Almshouse are crowded
and the cutting down of appropria
tions by the Supervisors for these in
stitutions is characterized as the j re
sult, of antagonism , to other depart
ments and a monstrous act, which
leaves the sick. and' poor to.die un
cared for.
FOR -FUTURE JURY.
The report says that, in Chinatown it
is apparent thafthe laws against gam
bling: are being constantly, violated, and
it is safe to believe that the stories rel
ative to payment for protection are
true. • Further investigation is - recom
mended. ; The" social evil is^ discussed,
and the committee believes that if
brothels must exist they would be much
better in Chinatown than in many of
the locations where they now exist.
The other, minority report was offered
by James C. . Nealon and is a : criticism
of , the Assessor's office, with' "no desire
to find fault with; individuals or/ cor
porations." . . •: ■■ , " .' ■.:'■■'..'■
Mr. Nealon declares . that it is well
known ,that real; estate. values in this
city are riot subject to violent fluctua
tions; that this is not a boom town;
that the value of realty is rising in • a
safe and sane ratio.. He then discusses
the ) assessments of several large and
well-known properties : for , the years
1902-03-04, and refers to the. changing
values of the Palace Hotel corner, be
longing to .the Sharon estate, as "scan
dalously volatile conduct.? 'He -says
that if the values ; as assessed in i 1904
are a - criterion* for last '■ year; then , the
Phelan-Sulllvari. estate paid taxes on
$1,186,990 less last year than ithis, the
Parrott estate $839,730 less and the
Sharon estate $1,397,930 ' less. ' In ' the ten
pages of his report many other'assess
ments are mentioned, and he concludes
by saying: "If .we combine the work of
a physician with a large and lucrative
practice " with' the .work " of an Assessor
in a large and -growing. .cltyv-it'is nat?
ural ; to presume i that , the . public . busi
ness may suffer." -He recommends that
steps be taken to amend or enforce, the
law ;so every official -of the? city and
county will give his, entire time " to the
duties -of his office. ' :
Dandrnn It a eontafMn* disease cautea by a micro!*.
■BtnctcE inaiATEit. aafwi« mu safe rr. mo ute rot «oifie!DE
• |^ /> & i ■ ■»• : V* r* w CT M. l* a~ ' worthies*, bat not many of then were designedly
L/Un T VRY "AKb so Chronic baldness Is incuraWe but Its. fore
' ~ j . : . .' ■ ' - • . runners." dandruff , itching scalp and falling hair
The mire m entlon %f "hair remedy?. throws tome . can be cured by stopping the microbk growth with
men Into a tit of unreasonable Incredulity. ' It If ■ Newbro's » Herplclde. It prevents '■> reinfection,
true that before the mlcroblc origin of baldness Money back If unsatisfactory- Delightful hair
was . discovered that most . hair, remedies were ' dressing. X Stops Itching of scalp Instantly.
. Drci Sten.'Siil < ini 10t, itanpt. t« HE8PJCIDE CO, Oept H, Detrttt. MWl. hr a «wple.
NEWBRgj^iflipflCIDE
7- : -M. : i --"'. * . The ORIOINALnmi«<ly that ''kilis the Dandruff O»rio. tf
: AgrUCATIOMSAT r»OM PTgHT;BAJftSE»;«KO>». v
POLICE SCANDAL
DISSIPATES WHEN
PROOF IS ASKED
Charge of Corruption
in Chinatown Is
Partly; Heard.
THE witnesses who tried to prove that ■ police corruption
exists in Chinatown failed to substantiate any of the
charges before the Police Commissioners yesterday. R. A.
. Crothers and Fremont Older were forced to admit in answer
to direct questions propounded by Attorney A. Ruef that they
had only hearsay evidence. Attorney Grant Carpenter said that
he had been told that a corruption fund was raised in China
town, but was not informed, that it was paid to Schmitz, Ruef,
Drinkhouse, Reagan or YVittm an. Police Commissioner Hut
ton said that there "had been less gambling under the present
administration than under preceding ones.
The investigation of the charges that
corruption and crime are rampant in
Chinatown is nearing the end. The
Board* of. Police Commissioners held a
meeting yesterday afternoon to hear
the evidence of R. A. Crothers and
Fremont Older, who made the charges,
and then/ in view of such testimony, to
determine what further action should
be taken. i
Crothers and Older insisted that they
give their testimony before the board
In executive session. A few minutes
prior to their arrival, however, Attor
ney A. Ruef appeared on behalf of him
self and' Mayor- Schmltz and requested
that the hearing: be open. While he
was making: his statement the wit
nesses referred to appeared, but seeing
Mr. Ruef in action they withdrew, into
the corridor.- After some discussion the
board decided that' the wishes of
Messrs. Crothers and Older that their
testimony . be given before the board
In executive session should be respect
ed. Then Mr. Ruef submitted two
questions which he requested the com
mission to put to "the witnesses.
These questions were accompanied by
a letter of explanation/ the most salient
portion* of which follows:
The important question in this investigation
it seems to me la not whether gambling has
been going on In Chinatown or whether the
Chinese gamblers have been paying money to
other Chinese ostensibly for protection, i These
matters were discovered and determined In the
affirmative Ions ago by ' Mayor Schmltz In a
full and complete investigation of the condi
tions in Chinatown, have been matters of com
mon information for many years and I re
spectfully suggest that for the purpose of your
investigation it may be assumed that these
conditions do exist.
Th« important . question, the only remaining
question, and the question which' grave rise to
this Investigation, is whether the fund mo col
lected is paid over to any person or «et of per
sons whether in the Police Department or out
of it. for protection, through the Police Depart
ment, of gambling in Cfclnattown.
RUEE"S TVYO QUESTION'S.
The questions propounded by Mr. Ruef
follow: • ' '■ ■ ' "';■ .
Question | No. 1— Have you any evidence or
proof whatsoever showing that Mayor Schmitz.
Police Commissioner I>rinkhouse, Polio* Com
missioner Reagan, Chief of Police Wlttman and
A. Rucf, or either or any of them, has at any
time received any, moneys for protecting- gam
blir.K In Chinatown, as charged by you in the
Bulletin? If so, please state or produce it.
Question No. 2— Do you swear that Mayor
Schmitz. Police Commissioner Drinkhcuse. Po
lice Commissioner Reagan. Chief of Polioe
Wlttman A. Ruef. or any or either of them,
has at any time or at any place or from any
person whomsoever, directly or J ndl "* u> v™"
celved any moneys or other consideration what
soever for tho protection of gambling; nCtuna
town as charged by you in the Bulletin 7
In answer to these questions, it was
announced after the conclusion of the
hearing/both Mr. Older and Mr. Croth
ers testified that the only evidence they
had" to substantiate the charges was
that furnished by a reporter to the ef
fect that the reporter had been told by
several Chinamen that a fund was be
ing collected in Chinatown for the pro
tection of the gambling: interests,, but
to whom, it was being paid the wit
nesses did not know. Crothers and
Older were unwilling to swear that, so
far as they knew either Mayor Schmitz,
Police ''Commissioners Drinkhouse or
Reagan or Chief of Police Wlttman, or
either of them, had received any of
these alleged collections and stated that
their inference that such was the case
was based entirely on deduction, on the
fact that' money was being collected in
Chh.atc/wn for the purpose of corrupt
ing officials according; . to information
supplied them by a reporter arid Attor
ney Grant* Carpenter, who had aided
their reporter in gathering his facts.
ORIENTAL TESTIFIES.
As soon as Mr. Crothers and Mr. Older
withdrew a lean Oriental, who gave his
name: as- Dong Hong Ku, who kept
books at a Washington street gam
bling house, was called to tell what he
knew about the inmates of a gam
bling house at: 826 Washington street
receiving word that Police Commission
er Hutton was about to vi6it the placed
He was scattered In his views and was
not long held on the stand. Another
Oriental supplied some more misinfor
mation, and then James J. Scott, a Bul
letin reporter, was called":to tell his
story upon which the charges of cor
ruption were predicated^ /',
.;.; Scott told' about going to Chinatown
in - search of gambling, finding Chinese
going and coming from 820 Washington
street, and 'finally.; finding Police, Ser
geant Ellis, .-■whom he asked to.accom
pany him to the place. This Ellis con
sented to do, but when they arrived at
the resort it contained nothing but
eight tables and two sleepy Chinamen.
Then he searched further and. was told
by several Chinese, whose names he
gave the commission; that a fund ■ was
paid weekly .-, to a combination of Ori
entals known as "the eight statesmen,"
who, it wus inferred, paid the money
over to the officials for protection.
Continuing. . Scott - testified . that . he
did not know to .whom the money was
paid ;i he had' received no information
that is was paid to either Mayor
Schmitz, Attorney Ruef, Police Com
missioner Drinkhouae,- or Commission
er. Reagan or Chief Wittman. He said
he had never told Messrs. Crothera or
Older that such was the case.
Attorney Grant Carpenter testified on
exactly the same lines. Se said he
had been .told that a corruption fund
was collected weekly in Chinatown, but
to whom It was paid he had no Idea.
He had 'never told Messrs. Crothers or
Older that the officials named were
sharing: In the spoils, and had given
them no Information that would assist
them .in their effort to. determine who
was receiving the bribe money he waa
sure was being collected.
WITTMAN OX THE STAND.
.Chief of Police Wittman was the last
witness. He testified 'as to the efforts
of the police to stamp out gambling In
Chinatown ■ and told of the difficulty
that frequently confronted the depart
ment In view of injunctions that were
secured by the various incorporated
societies of Orientals.
•In conclusion, in answer to questions
put bv Mr. Ruef, he said:
' "I can testify that the ' town waa
never, so free of gambling as at pres
ent. There is less gambling in the
city under the present administration
than during the administrations of ex-
Mayors Phelan. Sutro or Ellert;. in
fact, there is less than at any time
during my connection with the Police
Department, which extends over a
perio4 of twenty-four vears.
"That is true." said Police Commis
sioner; Hutton, and every one looked
surprised. "I . know there is less
gambling in the city in general." con
tinued Hutton. "than during past ad
ministrations, but that doesn't answer
the question here Involved."
This afternoon at 2 o'clock three safes
that were taken from Washington
street . houses will be examined in
search of proofs of the alleged corrup
tion funds. In one of the safes it is
said there is $6000 in gold, which must
be returned to its owner. In the oth
ers It is said there is nothing— nothing
that would give even the faintest clew
to even the nature of the resort from
which the strong-boxes came.
'all hata. . 2904. just tnired. nobblar
thmn ever. Tom Dillon & Co.. opp.PaUc*. •
McCARTHT CHARGED WITH MURDER.—
Michael McCarthy was booked at the City
Prison yesterday on a charge of murder. In
a fit ot ■ Jealousy he shot his young: wife,
Octavla. on September 19. She lingered till
Sunday night, when nhe died:
Do you wear glasses? . Properly fitting:
classes and M urine Eye Remedy promote
Eye comfort. Murlne makes Eyes strong."
SUES FOR DAMAGES.— Albert Mueller, a
cloak manufacturer, yesterday sued the United
Railroads for $23,000 damages for Injuries re
ceived on October 2 In the accident on the
curve at Eighth ' avenue and Clement street.
In which several persons were killed or In
jured. Mueller says his hospital bill was
V.CO. .-.■>,...--
ADVEKTISKaiJEXTS.
1 Oriental Goods 1
I At Wholesale Prices |
I We Offer Oar Entire Extra Fine |
| Collection of |
I ORIENTAL RUGS 1
I AND CURTAINS 1
I 25% DISCOUIMT |
o From Regular Retail Prices S
0 We are Sole Agents for John 8
§ Crossley &. Son's Celebrated S
8 - English Carpets. «
|Chas.M.Plum& Co. |
§ Cor. Ninth and Market Sis. |
P H.S. BRIDGE & CO.. i!
\ MERCHANT TAILORS, j ;
X BEHOVED TO >',
1 \ 1 2 SnLter Surest*. |l
I SAN rBANCISCO. ' ',)
Z Novelties in Imported Wear. '•
\^^Every;; Woman:'
i^K^Sv^vWW ••' Interested an.1 should know
-/0HN«ii\S •***!» ** about the woaderral
E^isS©\i\' MARVtL h!rlin 9 Spray
X vVt>VtSaSW^S. nonandSurtian. Be«t-.?a{-
li lji" "Wlii ''_"' 1T '"' f ConTenlent.
> %^^^^ l»Ot«s»»la.U«i(jp.
A>« jmr Irantat fcr It. ■ >o, JjkL _ ,,t J f^^~**'
If b« cannot supply the V-. rfe*V "r)7fi<i??s
■ M ARVKI.. accept no >X^% "'hQ^-^^.
other, but send stamp for • ■ ., 4 g^XTafsZ/
illustrated book-wft*. IteiTes Jx /
full particnlars and directions In- US/ m'
■ ■ TAtnablr to ladle* . MA RV KL Cft^Ti/fe,, ., „ m
A\ ParkllOTT, .Tew ¥ork. <*Uil>ij>i!& ■
152 New Montgomery. Saa Francisco.' CaL
William Hatteroth (Ladles' . Dept.). 224 Sutter.
Union* Drug Co., 400 Sutter and - 100 Stockton.
Osgood Brothers.^. 7th and Broadway. Oakland
Baldwin Pharmacy. '............:...... US Ellis
>^w Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mm r>Wdt 629 SEABST ST. Kutabllshed
»3Wf l^ l 36«l" 1»»4 for the treatment of Private
B&Jj^SB Dinnntn. Ijxt Manhood. Debility or
MlWtfJKgfcdM^aa*- wearlnaron body and mind and
'' hl DiaenMi. The Doctor cares when
; ,3W others fait. Try him. rbAiKri low.
i JffniBislTil11'''''rri iriinrnntrrrl Call or write.
Dr. J. r. « I BBO> , gau Francisco. CaL ■
KICKANDSCREAM
Baby's Awful Suffering from
Eczema.
Could Not Hold Her. She. Tore
Her Face and Anns.
Uuticura Saved Her Life, So
Mother Says.
" When my little girl wu six months
old, the had eczema. We had oaed
cold cream* and all kinds of remedies,
but nothing did her any good. In fact,
she kept getting worse. I used to
wrap her hands np, and when I would
dress her, I had to pat her on the table
for I coald not hold her. She woald
kick and scream, and when she coald,
she woald tear ber face . and arms
almost to pieces. I csed foar boxes of
Cntlcnra Ointment, two cakes of Cntl-
cnra Soap, and gare her the Catlctrra
Resolvent, and she was cured, and I see
no traces of the humonr left. I can
trnthfally say that they hare saved her
life, and any one a offering as she did, I
phonld advise them to give Cnttcnra a
fair trial." MRS. O. A. CONRAD, Lis-
bon, N. H., Feb. 7, 1893.
Five years later, viz., Feb. S3, 1903,
Mrs. Conrad writes :
" It is with pleasure that I can
inform you that the core has been per-
manent as it is now six years since she
was cored, and there has been no retnrn
of the disease since, and I have advised
a lot of friends to use the Cutlcnra
Remedies in all diseases of the skin."
Instant relief and refreshing sleep for
skin-tortured babies, and rest for tired,
fretted mothers, in warm baths with
Cntlcnra Soap and gentle anointings
with Cutlcura Ointment, the great skin
cure and purest of emollients, to be
■ followed in severe cases by mild doses
of Cntlcnra Resolvent. This Is the
purest, sweetest, most speedy, p sr- '
manent and economical treatment for
torturing, disfiguring, itching, burning,
bleeding, scaly, crusted and pimply
skin and scalp humours, eczemas,
rashes and irritations.
•old thrmchmit th. world. Cntiertr* ItmNiat. tta.
On form or Cnorolatt Coatad M!U. Uc Mr vial of «)>,
tHnuoiBt. BDt, 9*u> Uc. D«p<M» Loadoa. 9 Ch*n«t>
Moat 8q. i PirU. iRm d« la P»ii : Beaton. UT Calms*
saa At*. Potter Drat * Chtm. Con.. SoU Ftaprtotora.
«#- Sand (br " Coticon »aia Book.'*
Lundstrom
..Hats..
The same good Hats at "th«.
same popular prices.
$2-50 and $3.50
An order for a Lundstrom
Hat makes a good Xmas
gift. All the newest blocks.
PACIFIC COAST
HAT WORKS
"The Big Busy Hat Shop."
1458 Market, SL.,
Opp. Central Theater.
605 Kearny St,.
— t -.■>.,. — .
Avian* DR. JORDAN'S oncATi
dHUSEUH OF AMTOHyJ
\ Br Th * MS"** * aa«o»lc>l Mmm 1m th. \
tj ,<rth Wwkd. Wtuinw « my m>iikn4 4
O /SLh Sp** 1 * 1 "' •• ">• Co««- bcitruit O
A a*99 DR. J0R0AN-D!SEASE3 OF MEN i
\ f tfs-*^ C»M«ltatiMi frt» tr.d »tHftlT printa. \
at J X>W Tr«.t»»t perraiilif or b» lattm. A §
f i 17 W r~rn* CW. m nwjam-.iJtnMeii. f
APn ll< w nt« f<* Boric. pauotornK .r A
T ' I \\* BABtaiASSC. MAILXO WMMM. (AT
A U tl- *»'"* bl « b«k f.r an) \
V Da JUBDAN A CO.. 1C51 M»r*«t Mt.,9. T. 9
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE
HAMBURG BREMEN
FIRE INSURANCE. COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. IN THE EMPIRE OF GER-
many, on tb« 31st day of December. A I >.
1903. and for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of ths
State of California, pursuant to tae provisions
of Sections 410 and 411 of the Political 'Cod*.
condensed as per blank furnished br tha ' Com-
missioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all ' Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company... ll.Kn. (Ml 25
Cash la Banks ,.... 33.177 33
Premiums In due Course of. Collec-
tion •• I5U.«U 31
. ... .
Total Assets tl.S34.177 M
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid 91S.143 CO
Losses in process of Adjustment or
-in Suspense ...TT.". ."... ,63.955 CO
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 17.500 CO
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, f 1.301.-
158 83;' reinsurance 50 per cent. 850.379 43
Gross premium* on Fire" Risks run- ■
' nlnjr more- than osa year; $1,236.-
149 83; reinsurance . pro rata.... 642.303 S3
Total Liabilities. .*.... S1.387. 483 25
INCOME.
-Net cash actually received for
-Fire premiums 11.687.431 W
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and - ■
from all other scuroet ~*;..L.... -M.570 U
Total Income ...„ '...$1.75«.0Ol W>
EXPENDITURES. . I
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including 973.374 IS. losses' of '-
previous years) 1S53.319 93
Paid or allowed for Commission or -
Brokerage 333,710 59
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 131.231 51
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 39S13 01
All other payments > and expendi-
ture* •' 1C9.«64 55
-Total Expenditure* ...:.... ...$1.4S» 768 M
- P*9^BBOTtMaMHMaa« jrir*.
Losses Incurred during the year. ..$830.253 M
RUks and Premiums. Flr», Risks, premiums.
Net amount of Risks S
-written durlnz the
-TWtr $113,136,017 $2.048.231 3»
Net amount of Risks
expired during the '
year 133.792.401 1.S34.231 04
Net amount In force .••■-.
December 31. 1908. 197.874.633 3.837.308 «H
F. O. AFFELD. V. S. Manager.
Subscribed and. sworn to be for* me. - this
i 23d day of January. 1904. ..
CHARLES EDGAR MILL3.
Commissioner of. Deeds for California in i New
Tork. •, . ' ;
; RUDOLPH HEROLD Jr., G«MrsJ[ Agent.
HARRY C.,B0TD,A8s't GenTAieni.
415 CALIFORNIA STj;
San Francisco, Cal.