THE WEATHER.
Forecast made at Saa Francisco for
thirty hour*, ending midnight Decem
ber IT:
Pan Francisco and Vicinity — Fair
Monday, with fog in the morning; light
acrthvreet wind.
\
O. H. WTLL60N.
Local For«ca«ter.
VOLUME XCVII— NO. 12.
SENSATIONS ARE PROMISED
IN SMOOT INQUIRY.
The bitter fight against the Mormon church leader elected to the United
States Senate from Utah will be resumed to-day before a Congressional Com
mittee, and three witnesses will reveal endowment house ceremony secrets. '
Dubois of Idaho Di
recting Crusade
Against Mormon
FEARS GROWING
POWER OF SECT
Claim Made That It
Will in Time Con
trol Upper House
NEW REVELATIONS
Ep*c!al Dispatch to The Ca.IL
CALL BUREAU, HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON. Dec 1L— It is now
assured that the endowment house
secrets will be revealed at the hearings
before the Senate Committee on Privi
leges and Elections, which will again
take up the case of Senator Reed
Ssioot to-morrow. The revelations
bid fair to be more sensational than
any that have yet been made in re
pard to the Mormon church.
It is asserted that the endowment
house ceremony compels a member
of th<? church to renounce allegiance
to the United States and this will be
one of the principal arguments in op
position to Senator Sxnoot. Three
witnesses will be produced by Robert
\V. Taylor, counsel for the opposition,
who will give a complete account of
ell endowment house ceremonies.
Other testimony obtained since the
adjournment of Congress last spring
goes to rhow the power of the Mor
mon church in politics and the politi
cal aim? of the apostles. Senator Du
bois. a member of the committee, who
i.s flsliting- tho Mormon -church in the
State of Idaho, insists that the Mor
mons are likely to hold the balance
of power in the United States Senate
within the next dozen years unless
something Is done to curb their in
fluences. ; * -i ;
When Joseph Smith and apostles
who testified last spring were asked
about the endowment house secrets
thpy refused persistently to answer.
The only reply that could be obtained
by the repeated questioning by mem
bers of the committee was that the
endowment house ceremonies had not
charged Eince the foundation of the
church.
MADMAN USES
AX IN CHURCH
Smashes Pews and Organ and
Injures Three Policemen
Who Try to Arrest Him
GRAJfD RAPIDS, Mich., Dec. 11.—
James Dalotta, while crazed by fever,
created a panic in the Fifth Reformed
Church here this morning. Just as the
service tras about to begin. Three po
licemen were Injured in the scrimmage.
Dalotta broke Into the building clad
only in a red undershirt, and wielded
an ax with which he cut and hacked
the pews as he proceeded up the aisle.
Officers were summoned and three po
llicemen were hurried from headquar
ters.
When they arrived Dalotta had de
molished a score of pews and was
•mashing the biff pipe organ to pieces.
He Jumped on the organ and fell in
side, still swinging his ax and working
terrible havoc in the interior. The
Rides of the organ were flvingr out In
splinters when Officer Slater reached
it. In an instant Slater was seized by
the hand and drawn bodily into the
broken interior of the musical Instru
ment! A terrible struggle ensued.
Seizing Slater's hand In his teeth, Da
lotta beg;an to bite off his lingers, but
the patrolman's yells brought Officer
Ppring to the top of the organ Just in
time to receive a stunning blow in the
mouth v.-ith the ax. Two teeth were
knocked out and his face was terribly
cut- Meantime Slater was yelling for
help, being unable to release his hand
from I3ie teeth of his prisoner.
Officer Stead then mounted the or
can, but a. blow on the head with the
ax sent him to ths floor unconscious.
A gash six inches long was inflicted.
At this point the riot patrol arrived
with- another squad cf officers,, and one
of them fired several shots. The last
bullet hit Dalotta on the head and
!:nock<?d him senseless. H C/ cannot re
cover.
Ilalf-MIlilon-DoIlar Rlaze.
ROCHESTER. N. Y., Dsc. 11.— The !
I;oLy bui!dir.£r, at Main. West and
Elizabeth streets, was destroyed by
fire this mornings Loss, $500,000.
The building: was valued at $61*0,000. !
The Vanberg Sil\-cr Plate Company j
l&rt 5250.000. v.-ith an insurance of 1
$150,000. The Hayden Furniture)
Company lost $100,000; insured. 1
The San Francisco Call.
TUBE LINE
TO CONNECT
TWO CITIES
Lightning Express
Service Being
Planned.
Epeclal Dtesatch to The Call
MILWAUKEE, Dec. 1L— A franchise
Is to be asked for in this citv for the
Universal Pneumatic Transmission
Company to build and operate a pneu
matic tube between this city and Chi
cago for the transmission of parcels.
If the franchise be granted, construc
tion will be commenced on March \. .
Three stations are planned— at Chi
cago, Mllwauke and Racine. It is ex
pected that entrance to Chicago will
be obtained through the subway of the
Chicago. Tunnel Company.
Three tubes are to built— two eight
een Inches in diameter, for the trans
mission of packages, and a twenty
four-inch suction tube. They are to
be of castiron, lined with steel, so as
to be perfectly smooth and unresist
ing. The parcels will be moved on the
vacuum principle. The cost of the line
will be $5,000,000, and its rates approx
imately one-half those of express com
panies.
The patent carriers used will Insure
the perfect safety of packages, and it
will take only forty-five minutes to
send one from here to Chicago.
LONE HIGHWAYMAN TAKES
CASH FROM A COXDCCTOR<
Robber Cuts Telephone Wire Before
Holding Up Los Angeles
Streetcar. Man.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 11— A lone
highwayman held up. and robbed the
conductor of a Pico Heights car near
the city limits late last night, reliev
ing him of his cash belt, containing
about $30. The robber entered the
car when it" stopped at the end of
the line, and placing a revolver at the
conductor's head demanded his
money. The conductor made no re
sistance, and after pocketing the ci'jh
the bandi* walked away In the darK
ncra. He" had gone to the trouble of
cutting the tc!ephone connections with
ihe city before making the hold-uu
end it was some time before the* po
lice v.-ere notified. ,
SAN FRANCISCO,; MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1904.
MORMON SENATOR AN'D IDAHO COL
LEAGUE WHO IS LEADING THE
FIGHT AGAINST HIM.
GAMBLERS
DEN ROBBED
IN TONOPAH
Bold TMel Takes Coin
< Through a Hole
in Floor.
Eped&l Dispatch to The Call.
TONOPAH, Dec 1L— Some time to
night a bold thief crawled 300 feet
from the street to a spot under the
roulette table in the club rooms of the
Tonopah Club and with a large auger
bored a hole through the floor, shoved
his arm through the * aperture and,
without disturbing the croupier or any
of the fifty or more men gathered about
the various tables in the room, helped
himself to $1000 in gold and silver from
the coin box that rested under the
table.
The robbery was not discovered un
til several hours after it occurred and
for a time the gamblers were at a loss
to account for the missing coin. The
hole In the floor was not noticed until
after every visitor to the club had
been cross-examined and a thorough
search made of the premises. The dis
covery of the hole led to an investiga
tion that resulted In the finding of the
auger with which it had been made
and the tracks made by the thief in his
long crawl after wealth.
KING EDWARD APPROVES
SEYMOUR'S APPOINTMENT.
Salmon's Successor Will Become Ad
miral of the Fleet
In February.
LONDON, Dec. 11.— King Edward
has approved the appointment of Ad
miral Sir Edward Seymour, G. C. B.,
to be admiral of the fleet on the retire
ment of Admiral Salmon in February.
Vice Admiral Anthony Beaumont will
succeed Seymour in command. Prince
Louis of Battenberg will become com
mander of the second cruiser squad
ron.
The Admiralty has issued a circular
to all naval commanders, \ explaining
Lord Selbourne's scheme, which will
become effective on January 1, and de
tailing the organization of warships of
the reserve. Each ship on the war list,
not In commission at sea, will be kept
commissioned in the reserve: and have
a nucleus crew comprising .the Impor
tant officers and two-fifths of the war
crew, including all experts in torpedo
and gunnery, ratings. The reserve
ships will bo distributed between three
home ports and provision will' be made
for surplus crews in barracks,\to en
able 3lx battleships or first-class crui
sers to be fully commissioned on emer
gency without dislocating the general
mobilization '■»■;;
FROZEN AS
HE CLINGS
TO RIGGING
Sailor Escapes Sea
to Perish of
Body Held Fast in Its Lofty.
Position While Others
■Are Rescued.
Wrecked Eeaman on' Atlantic Coast
. Exposed to Piercing Weather for
'Tnirteen -Hours.
NORFOLK, Va,, Dec. 11.— The three
masted Bdhooner Montana, Captain
Boyce, from' Baltimore 'for Charleston,
S. C., with a cargo of 'salt and coal',
stranded at 11 o'clock/ last night at
Pea Island, N. C.,' life-saving station,
fifty miles north^f Cape Hatteras, dur
ing a heavy northerly gale. Within
twenty minutes after the vessel strand :
cd she was full of water and i awash,
so, that the crew, consisting of Captain
Boyce - and six men, were forced to
take i: to * the rigging, -'where they re
mained until 2 o'clock- this afternoon,
when, six of the "seven men were res
cued'by crews of; the~Pea Island, New
Inlet and Bodies Islanc life-saving
stations. '■■'• ; • -.'.'
One man, Henry Edwards, was frozen
to death and was lashed in the rig
ging In such a manner that he could
not be reached and his body -is still
aboard the ship, j.hanglng In the rig
ging -head downward..^ Another man
of the crew was almost dead from ex
posure and exhaustidnSwhen ; he was
rescued by the members of the life
saving crews, but probably will recov
er, although; his ."is. very se
rious. 'The: rescued crew ; is now- at
the Pea "Island • Hf eVsawlng station. u \
.--Great- dl*JWuUi5&* nS&r *xperlefE«ed^.in
landing the~ crew, Vowing to'thVvfact
that the vessel had sunk and a. heavy
sea was running at the time. Freezing
weather hampered the work of rescue,
and the seamen- were so overcome by
exposure and exhaustion that only two
of the men in the rigging wore able to
assist in hauling the whipllne aboard
the vessel.
Again and again the line was shot
out and one by one the men were taken
off the ship in the breeches buoy. They
had spent more than thirteen hours in
the rigging of the sinking vessel in a
temperature much below freezing.
Their clothing was coated with thick
layers of ice.
The vessel will be a total loss. It is
understood that the Montana is ow ned
in Sommers Point, N. J.
DESERTION BROUGHT DEATIL
Four Drowned in Leaving Ship Which
Weathered Storm.
HIGHLAND LIGHT, Mass., Dec. 11.
Four of the twenty members of the
crew of the Boston fishing schooner
Fish Hawk lost their lives after de
serting their vessel, which had struck
and was pounding heavily on Peaked
Hill bar, at the north end of Cape
Cod. Five others, including Captain
BIy, *who followed their companions
over the side, had a severe six hours'
struggle against a freezing sea and
gale in a small boat, but managed to
reach Providencetown harbor. The
deaths and suffering would have been
avoided had all stayed by their vessel,
which had a miraculous escape. Four
hours after the men deserted it the
schooner was. safely anchored • in
Providencetown harbor.
The Fish Hawk was fishing off Cape
COd yesterday when the weather be
came threatening and Captain BIy de
cided to run into Providencetown. Be
fore . he reached the end of the cape
the vessel ran on to the Peaked Hill
bar. Captain BIy burned his signal
torch and" 1 then ordered his crew into
the boats. Four of the men jumped
into- a dory, which was ajmost im
mediately capsized. Captain BIy and
four others left the vessel a' few min
utes later. Before the rest of the
crew, could follow their skipper the
wind and sea had driven the Fish
Hawk over the bar and she was navi
gated Into Providencetown harbor.
■ . ♦— ■ ■
STEAMSHIP IX HURRICANE.
Pnnic Aboard Bclsravia on Its Way to
* New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 11. — With "her
bow stove .in, the marine telegraph
disabled and the forward windlass
twisted the Belgravia of the Ham
burg-American line arrived .to-day
from Cuxhaven with tales of a six
hours' experience in a hurricane that
threw 1200 of her 1820 steerage pas
sengers into a panic on December '6.
The 1200 were Polish and Russian
refugees, sent to this country by Lon
don societies.
According' to Captain* Magin on
Tuesday afternoon the ; Belgravia ran
into a hurricane the force' of ; which
could not be measured by the wind
registering gauge.. Captain Magiri esti
mated that. at its height there "was a
velocity/ of 120 miles an hour.
.' : A great wave swept over the. bow. of
the vessel at midnight of r the '6th; tear
ing out the shield, disabling the marine
Continued on" Pace 2. Column 3.
CHADWICK
CREDITORS
IN GLOOM
Woman's "Estate"
to Yield but
T ittio
May Pay Total of One and
One-Hall Mills on '/::.
tlie Dollar.
Lawyers Express the Belief That Sh3
Cannot Be Convicted on a
Forgery Charge*-
CLEVELAND, Dec. 11. — According
to the most accurate estimate of the es
tate of Mrs. Chadwick that is possible
before the receiver has Investigated her
assets ana reported his findings to the
court, her creditors as a whole will re
ceive about one and one-half mills on
the dollar. What lends additional in
terest to this showing: from the credit
ors' standpoint is that! one man, Iri
Reynolds, will receive^ the whole of the
assets visible at , the present time.
There may be funds in reserve some
where, as there may be additional cred
itors who have not yet announced that
Mrs. Chadwick is Indebted to them,
but it is not expected by bankers and
attorneys of this city, who have the
greatest knowledge of her affairs, that
anymore large loans will be developed.
The extent of her operations is now be-,
lieved to be approximately as follows:
Secured from Citizens' National Bank
of Oberlin and various sources in and
about Lorain County, Ohio, 5500,000.
Borrowed from business men in Pitts
burg, $500,000.
, Borrowed -from Herbert D. Newton,
$190,000. : :.
Total, $1,190,000. .. .'
Against this stands security of known
value on one note; amounting -to $1800,
'whf cti*iVheld ' by Iri' Reynolds."" T
THAT PITTSBURG LOAN.
The ' amount of money received by
Mrs.. Chadwick in Pittsburg may run
as high as $800,000, but it is believed
that r a : portion of this sum is a bonus
promised by her for an original loan of
at least $500,000. Her creditor there fig
ures that she is indebted to him for the
larger amount, while she'^has admitted
that she owes $500,000. If her debt in
this direction Is $800,000 the probability
in sight of the creditors is about one
and one-fifth mills on the dollar.
.It Is not believed by any of the at
torneys in the case that the Carnegie
securities will be of any account what
ever. . If they do at any time .reveal
value other thai* that of so many cents
per pound of white paper, the delight
of the lawyers will b'e comparable only
to their amazement, and Just now they
are, expecting neither pleasure nor as
tonishment.
The case of Mrs. Chadwick will to
morrow morning be brought before
the Grand Jury of Cuyhoga County.
The' Investigation w511 extend only to
the, alleged forgeries of the Carnegie
notes and a report from the Jury Is
expected not later than
It is the opinion of some of the
leading attorneys of Cleveland that a
charge of forgery cannot be made to
hold In connection with these notes.
They declare that it is not an act of
forgery for one person to write the
name- of another, but that the-offen3e
lies in the attempt to negotiates^such
a signature for a specific value. . This,
they say. there is so far no evidence
that Mrs. ■ Chadwick has done. She
has not sold, or attempte'd to sell, the
notes for. cash. She has not said that
she would be glad to obtain money in
exchange for them. She has obtained
money from various sources on the
statement of Iri Reynolds that she, to
the" best of his knowledge and belief,
held 'securities of a certain value, and,
whether- he prove correct or otherwise
in his value of the notes, there can be
no doubt that Reynolds believed what
he' said.
The loan of. $.800, 000 said to have
been; received by Mrs. Chadwick in
Pittsburg, or from a. man residing in
that city, is declared to have been
made to her by a multimillionaire
manufacturer of that city. Mrs.
Chadwick. in discussing thl3 state
ment, declared that she did owe him
$500,000, but not $800,000, as had
been claimed.
CLAI3IED CARNEGIE AS FATHER.
Secretary Iri Reynolds of the Wade
Park Bank declared to-night that his
implicit belief in the statements^made
to him by Mrs. Chadwick, in which
she declared herself to be the daughter
of Andrew .Carnegie, was the impelling
"cause- of his financial dealings with
her.
"She told me," said Reynolds, "that
she was the Illegitimate daughter of
Andrew "Carnegie and I believed her-
I never doubted her story until on the
occasion of my last visit to* New. York,
when Seulre came to me and declared
that all-the securities she; had given
m« as the notes of Andrer.- Carnegie
were worthless. It was only then that
I i doubted hqr. Before , that I had " re
fused to say . anything about her . or
her " affairs, because I deemed, It >my
duty to protect, her in the story .of her
birth as she had "given *'jt. to \ me. I
never "once • doubted : her until- I was
shown; that the securities she gave me
were : worthless. After that, of course.
Continued on Page 2, Column 5.
ALC/ZAR-i* 'Carrie*."
CALIFORNIA— "Sis Hopklnt."
.COLtfilBIA— "A Chinese Honeymoon.'
CENTRAL— "Lost in Siberia."
CHVTEE— Vaudeville.
FISCHER 1 S— Vaudeville.
GRAND— "In Dahomey."
MAJESTIC— "Mr. Potter Of Texas."
ORPHEUM— Vaudeville.
TTVOLI— "Klnr Dcdo."
FEWER WOMEN
THAN MEN IN
THIS COUNTRY
Census Bulletin Reveals
Excess of^Male Population
Fair Sex, However, Enjoys Greater
• Longevity and ami Cities Has
a i^ajority.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CALL. BUREAU. HOTEL BARTON,
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11.— According to
the census bulletin made public to-day
there are more men than women in the
United States, but in the cities there
are more women than men. The deduc
tion is made, from the statistics gath
ered, that the women live longer than
the men. Professor Wlllcox of Cornell
University wrote the discussion and
analysis of the bulletin and some of the
conclusions drawn from the tables are
of scientific and practical Importance.
The whole population of the conti
nental of the United States was first
counted with distinction of sex in 1S20.
During the seventy years from 1S30 to
1900 the absolute excess of males was
greater at each census than at any pre
ceding census, with one exception — that
o/ 1870, when the excess of males was
less than in 1850 and 1860.
This reduction of the excess of males
between 1S60 and 1870. by about 300,000
was doubtless due to the deaths in the
BRITISH SCHOOLMASTERS
NOT "GENTLEMEN."
Court Decides Law Consigns
Them to Lower Station.
- Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, '.'Oct., 11.— Judge and
counsel in a London court yesterday
argued the question whether a school
master could claim to be a gentleman.-
The schoolmaster's solicitor raised the
question in applying for his client's
costs as a witness under the head of
"gentleman," ' or "professional man,"
instead of on the lower scale of
"tradesman," as ordered by the court
registrar.
Judge and counsel agreed that
Blackstone's definition of "gentleman"
as "one who bears arms" was obsolete,
and counsel advocated a definition of
"one who by education, occupation or
income holds a position above menial
service or ordinary trade."
The Judge suggested that a draper
making $50,000 a year might be a per-
MANCHESTEUS SNUBBED BY THE LEITERS
Chicagoans Refuse to Receiver the Duke
and Duchess.
CHICAGO, Dec. 11.— The Duke and
Duchess of Manchester were "snubbed"
to-day by Mrs. Colin Campbell, the re
cently married daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Levi S. Leiter. The snub con
sisted in the refusal of Mrs. CamDbell
and Mrs. Leiter to see the Manchesters
when they called on them at their home
at Rush and Ontario streets.
A few hours later Mrs. JLelter an
nounced the engagement of her youne
est daughter. Miss Daisy, to the Earl of
Suffolk and Berkshire. They became
engaged only. on Saturday, Mrs. Leiter
declared, and would be married In
Washington in a week. Both are at
present in New 'York, at quiet hotels.
After the wedding they will go to Eng-
LA FOLLETTE
FOR SENATOR
MADISON. Wjs., Dec. 11.— At the
Senate caucus yesterday the sentiment
was practically unanimous that Gov
ernor La Follette should be elected
United States Senator to succeed Sen
ator !*■ Quarles. Sixteen Senators were
present.
As a result of the caucus the La Fol
lette forces will organize the Senate,
and. as they have, an overwhelming
force iri the Assembly, this means that
all La Follette measures, including that
providing for a commission to regulate
freight 7 raies. will go through..
I No official action was. taken on the
United Senatorshlr>, but the sentiment
was, practically unanimous that Gover
nor La Follette should be elected. As
the Governor 'has said he -does not
.want . to "be ! Senator until his .reforms
are made law, it was tentatively agreed.
If necessary, to postpone the election
of a Senator -until the freight commis
sion bill should have been passed.
THE THEATERS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
Civil War and the diminished Immi
gration" during the decade.
Tho greatest relative excess of males
was in 1890. when in each 10,000 persons
there were 242 more males than fe
males. By 1000 this excess had de
creased to 216 in 10,000, less*than the
relative excess In 1890 and 1S60, but
greater than that of %ach other census.
In continental United States there
are now 1.63S.321 more males than fe
males, or about two In each 100 persons.
Probably in the population of the
world as a whole, and certainly in that
half of it which has been counted with
distinction of sex, there are several
millions more males than females. In
continental United States, however, the
relative excess of males is greater than
the average for all countries. Europe
has an excess of females; every other
continent, so far as known, has an ex
cess of males.
As a rule, sparsely settled regions
have an excess of males and densely
settled regions an excess of females.
The American cities, as a rule, have
more female's than males.
feet gentleman in society, but would
not be a gentleman for the purpose of
the county or high court scale, though
a man with an independent income of
$250 would be.
Counsel maintained that his client,
though without a university degree,
was a man of educational attainments,
of refinements, of artistic and literary
attainements, .an accomplished musi
cian, proprietor of a large school and
therefore a gentleman.
The Judge, however, uphold the reg
istrar, deciding the costs on a lower
scale, but comforting the schoolmaster
with the dictum that "no schoolmaster
must think he is insulted that he
should be no gentleman; that. In fact,
he would* only be no gentleman in
law."
land and pass quietly their honeymoon
on the Earl's vast estate.
The "snub" of the Manchesters
meditated by the Leltera and Camo
bells, and followed what has been a
most cool reception given the ducal
visitors during their stay in Chicago.
They left at midnight for LudJnsrton.
Mich.
' They have been entertained by no
one. No dinners, no receptions, no
teas have been given In their honor.
All their time has been passed In shop
ping, at the theater, or In the Drivata
car of Mr. Zimmerman, the father of
the duchess, which occupies an obscure
corner of the Grand Central station,
and which for two nights has had no
steam on to keep it warm.
SAYS HE CAN
FLOOD SOUTH
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 11.— Charles
Hatfleld, a young man of Ingle wood,
near' this- city, whose operations as a
"rainmaker" have attracted consider
able local attention. Is preparing for
an Interesting experiment along that
line, in the event of the success of
which Los Angeles citizens have
pledged themselves to pay him $1000.
Hatfleld promises to induce, by his
rain-making manipulations, a fall of
moisture In Los Angeles of eighteen
Inches by the first of next May. It he
succeeds the $1000 will be his; if he fails
he receives nothing.
Hatfleld's method consists In dis
charging a certain combination of
chemicals into tha atmosphere at in
tervals of ten days, the result of which
he claims condenses moisture and
causes a precipitation. • The experiment
will be watched with much interest.
But three times since 1872 has Los An
geles had eighteen inches of ralnfai:
within the time stated.2
GREAT GROWTH
OF OUR TRADE
Secretary Metcalf Reports
That in Last Fiscal Year
It Exceeded All Becords
TAKES UP EXCLUSION
WASHINGTON, Dec 11.— The for
eign commerce of the United States for
:he x>ast fiscal year, as set forth by
Secretary of Commerce and Labor _et
-alf in his annual report. Just submit
ted to the President, shows a larger
•otal than In any earlier year. While
he exports were surpassed by those of
'. single year, 1901, and the imports
vere also purpassed by those of a sin
jle year, 1903, the aggregate of imports
;nd exports for the year is greater than
hat of any preceding year in the his
ory of our commerce. The imports of
he year were 5991,087.371 and the ex
;»orte J1.4C0.827.271, making the total for
. ign commerce of the year $2,451,914,642,
which exceeded by J6.053.726 the high
record established by the year 1903.
The total of agricultural products e*^
ported fell J19.679.803 below that- of the
preceding year and formed a smaller
percentage of the total domestic ex
ports than in any preceding year, while
exports of manufactures were the
largest ever recorded, exceeding, by
$44,869,762 those of the preceding year
and surr>apsing by $18,564,165 the high
record established in the year 1900.
The reduction in exports of agricul
tural products was chiefly due to the
small expectations of breadstuffs, which
amounted during the year to $149,050.
378, against 5221,242,285 in the year 1903.
INVESTIGATION OF TRUSTS.
Secretary lietcalf states that the Bu
reau of Manufactures was not orga
nized during the past year because of
the insufficiency of the appropriation.
The total appropriations for the year
amounted to $13,745,374 70. of which a
email balance remains unexpended.
In his estimates for the fiscal year
1906 the Secretary aeka for an addi
tional sum to properly organize his bu
reau. There is also included a sum to
be expended under the immediate di
rection of the Secretary' for the inves
tigation of trade conditions at home
«.nd abroad, with the object of promot
ing the domestic and foreign commerce
of the United States, and for other pur
poses. The phrase "for other purposes"
refers to emergency work, such as the
Investigation which followed the Slo
cum disaster. V
The beef industry of the nation has
been investigated by the bureau, and
the insurance business has been given
ppecia! attention, and the conclusion Is
reached that under existing conditions
Insurance is commerce and may be sub
jected to Federal legislation through
affirmative action by Congress. Prepa
ration has been made for further Inves
tigation of trusts. *.
The Bureau of Labor during the year
has made a study of the rates of wages
and the hours of labor, and will em
body its conclusions in a special report.
Convict labor has also been inquired
into.
The Director of the Census recom
mends that the Government compile
and publish the names of the heads of
families in the original thirteen States
as returned at the census of 1790, and
expresses the opinion that this mate
rial would occupy about 2500 printed
pages, or two volumes, of which an edi
tion of 5000 copies would not exceed
$35,000 In cost. He believes that much
of this expenditure would be repaid to
the treasury by sale of this work.
■which is much In demand by patriotic
organizations and Individuals.
NEW LAWS *X)K CHINESE.
Turning to the subject of immigra
tion, the report says the structures
maintained at the different ports of
entry for the accommodation of aliens
detained pending examination have
been materialy improved, but it will
be necessary to make further improve
ments and build new structures. This
Is especially true at >he port of San
Francisco, where, in addition to aliens
generally, the bulk of Chinese immi
grants apply for admission. The re
port' adds that signal success has
marked the administration of the
Chinese exclusion laws during the
year.
New legislation is again recom
mended. Provision is urged for the
distribution of aliens in accordance
with views heretofore expressed by
the department; for the physical in
spection of aliens by officers of the
Public Health and Marine Hospital
Sen-ice stationed at the ports of for
eign embarkation; for the establish
ment of a moral and manual standard
for admissible aliens; for the compila
tion of data in regard to the annual
departures of aliens fr«m the United
States; for the reglstraflSn of all Chi
nese lawfully resident in the United
States at this time, thus furnishing
them with certificates which will af
ford them immunity from arrest, and
; - APVEKT1SKMQ.TS.
I ---* • - f
I I- 1 II? P _5_ I _P
I a I SlLi O_yJjL_ JL_*
I O'Brien & Sons' Carriage Factory
\> Corner Golden Gate Avenue and Polk Street.
B ~'^flV^VM_F^_Hr^_P^_PV_BP'''i_H_fl- ' "
R Will offer for S?.!e for the next Five Days
I Commencing Tuesday, December 13, 1904
B Their entire immense stock, slightly by
p Fir , Water and Smoke, which occurred December
I 4, 1904, consisting of
I Carriages, Broughams, Six and Nine Seaters; Surreys,
if Buggies, Wagons, Harness, Robes, Etc.
[l There never was such an opportunityoffered the
Hi public before in this line to purchase vehicles,
j Goods must be sold on account of insurance
| adjustment and to reconstruct building.
NARROW ESCAPE
OF A MERCHANT
San Francisco Grain Dealer
Is Almost Suffocated .in
Fire That Destroys Home
BUILDING TOTAL LOSS
Special Dispatch to The Call,
SAUSALITO, Dec 11.— Fire broke
out in the beautiful residence of Wil
liam Berg, the well-known grain mer
chant of San Francisco, this afternoon
and in a short time nothing remained
of the structure. All the priceless
antique furniture^ and ornaments in
the house were saved. Berg, who was
in the house when the fire started.ovas
nearly suffocates by the thick smoke,
but luckily reached a place of safety.
The fire, presumably caused by a fle
ft-ctlve flue, started in the attic of the
house. Shortly after noon Berk start
ed a fire in a grate which had not
been used for some time. Some ex
celsior was burned and it is supposed
that the burning straw found an exit
near the attic. An alarm of fire was
turned in "and in a few minutes the
<£ausalito fire department responded
and did noble work. Every bit qt fur
niture in the house was saved and had
the fighters had more water and bet
ter fire fighting apparatus the residence
might have been saved. By persistent
lighting the men managed to save the
adjoining residence of P. Wheatland.
A few days ago Mr. Berg received a
load of antique furniture from Europe
and had the flre started at night prob
ably everything would have been lost.
POSSE AFTER
"PAT" CROWE
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Dec. 11.— A force
of policemen, deputy sheriffs and de
tectives has been searching the
souri River bottomlands north of St.
Joseph to-day for the hiding place? of
Pat Crowe and Sam, alias '"Horse
thief," Johnson, who met Detectives
Wilson and Wheeler early this morn
ing and exchanged a fusillade of shots
with the outlaws. Both officers are
confident that one of the men was
wounded during the exchange of shots.
The men are believed to be still hiding
in the dense brush of the bottom lands.
Late yesterday afternoon the secret
service department received a tip from
a reliable source that Pat Crowe, the
much-wanted Cudahy kidnaper, was at
the home; of Charles Christian. Detec
tives Wheeler and Wilson were detailed
on the case.
Driving to the locality the two offi
cers secreted themselves in the sand
hills southwest of Christian's house.
However, nothing was seen of the men
until. early this morning.- After lying
on the ground the officers became chill
ed and started to draw a trifle closer
to the Christian home.
Just at that moment two men '.were
seen to leave the side doorway. In the
dense darkness it was impossible to
recognize either. The two detectives
posted themselves at an advantageous
position at the roadside. As the two
men came within ten paces both offi
cers stepped to the road.
"Threw up your hands'; we are offi
cers'." exclaimed Wilson. A curse and
a volley of shots was the answer. Beth
officers open' 3 fire with rifles. The two
men sprang from the road, firing- rap
idly until their guns were emptied, and
escaped in the darkness.
Christmas Picturo_Franies.
The prettiest yet are the shapes and
finish of our new frames. Exquisite de
signs in oval, square and odd shapes,
finished in dead black, grays and browns,
with the daintiest gold top ornaments;
also many beautiful patterns in gold,
gilt lacquers and gold bronzes. Sanborn,
Vail & Co. . •
for placing restrictions on the right
of Judicial officers to release Chinese
persons on bail.
It is also recommended that a treaty
arrangement be made wlilch will au
thorize the location in China of de
partment^ officers to discharge duties)
now performed by American consular
officers. The effect of this would be
to transfer the investigation, jiow con
ducted in part at ports of arrival, to
the homes of Chinese applicants In
China, where Jt should be possible to
make such examination as would es
tablish conclusively the status of any
applicant. This would leave for de
termination upon arrival at a port of
the United States only the identity of
any examined Chinaman with the per
son described III s the certificate pre
sented by him.
Attentloir is given to the suggestion
that all wireless stations be placed un
der Federal control under the Depart
ment of Labor and Commerce. The
Secretary concludes by stating that his
report deals with the work accom
plished before he took office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAYr DECEMBER 12. 1904.
LAWSON'S
GUNS AGAIN
IN ACTION
Bostonian Renews
Attack on Amal
gamated. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 11. — In half
page advertisements displayed in the
New Y<5rk newspapers, Thomas. W.
Lawson, writing from Boston, will
make to-morrow another bear attack
on Amalgamated Copper. He says:
"For six months through my story,
•Frenzied Finance,' in Everybody's
Magazine, I have been advertising cer
tain truths. The laws of the. land are
strict about panic-breeding by public
statements. If any of the terrible
statements I have made were untrue
I would to-day be in prison or my
body suspended to a lamp post. I am
only in the mild preliminary stages
yet. While waiting for the next move
make no mistake. When the real work
begins Wall street and 'the system'
will look like a last year's straw hat
in the swirls of Niagara.
'"Last Tuesday morning I publicly
said: 'The rnen who control Amalga
mated told me it is not worth half
the price it was floated at. ' If they
tcld the truth it will go back to 33. If
they lied theywill smash it back to 33.
as they did before. Sell it.'
"All that day. Tuesday, holders
cculd have sold at an average of 79.
Holders of over 200,000 shares did.
The following day all holders could
have sold at an average of 74. Three
hundred thousand did.
"It is advertised broadcast that I
was working with bear raiders and
'Standard Oil.' This is a lie. I dare
any officer of the Amalgamated Com
pany to publish the statement overhis
signature. If he does court proceed
ings will be begun at once. I dare Mr.
Rogers or Mr. Rockefeller to deny the
statement madejay me that they have
said the stock i».not worth 50 and that
Marcus Daly deceived them. I dare
them. -:.v.j^vV: i *?-,<:?.
J. P. MORGAN CALLS UPON.
PRESIDENT ROOSEVELT
Financier Spends Half an Hour With
Chief Excctulve at the
White House.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 11. — J. P.
Morgan, who came to Washington as
a guc-t of the Gridiron Club, called
ac the White House to-day and was
with the President for half an hour.
At midnight he left for New York.
Secretary Shaw also saw the Presi
dent and later went to New York.
Sena.to.rs AlJteqn,- .Cullqm and Cockrell,
members .-pf.Mthe7-,?MWpplrie Commis
sion, also were in conference , with the
President for some time to-night. The
subject of thelp talk was of the appro
priations to be made during the pres
ent session of Congress.
\ r anderbllfs Biff Wiiminsrs
PARIS. Dec.* 11. — The racing, sea
son in France has ended. William
K- Vanderb,ilt is sixth in the list of
winning owners with $57,600. Leigh,
the American trainer, has the best rec
ord among trainers, both for flat races
and for races over obstacles.
Waiter Ends His Life.
Dennis Hurley, a waiter, committed
suicide in his room at 418 Powell
street last night by inhaling gas. He
had been drinking heavily of late and
had lost his position.
Headaches From Colds.
LAXATIVE BP.OMO QUININE removes the
cause. To gtt the genuine, call for full name
and look for signature of E. W. Grove. 2bc. *
* . _*
FROZEN AS HE CLINGS TO RIGGING
Continued From Pace 1, Column 4.
telegraph, tearing away the starboard
hawser and smashing the windlass. It
w&s then that the fear below, decks,
which had been continuous, arose to a
panic. It was necessary to send all
officers on board below to quiet them
and these were compelled to work
several hours assuring the frightened
persona that there was no danger.
GREAT LINERS MAKE PORT.
Eight Steamers Reach New York
After Delay In Storm. ■ t. v
NEW YORK. Dec. 11.— Bringing
reports of heavy seas and long^coh
tinued^ stormy weather, 'the ./ocean
liner^ that were. detained outside^ the
bay by yesterday's snowstorm.!; came
into port this morning. There ; : were
eight steamers, including .the f New
York, the Lucania, the Hanpver.-'arid
the Belsravia, In this " stormVboiind
fleet and delayed on board' of them
were 171 cabin passengers, and 4 95'4
steerage passengers. , V . ■ r
On the- Hamburg-American line.r.
Belgravla were 1200 men who.-left
Russia to escape military duty... The
Lucania had -ft tempestuous voyage of
six days six hours and fifty-six. min p 
utes from Queenstown and- wasV^th^rt.
delayed outside the bar sixteen' hours.-
It brought the body j of ElvertQn'.R.
Chapman, who is said to have.coip^
mitted suicide by ! jumping;! from' "the
balcony of the Carleton'Hdtel in'.Loh'-'
don. -i -"w "'~ •
STOR3I STRIKES CHICAGO.'
Car' Service Badly" Crippled by ' Fall
of Snow.
CHICAGO, Dec. 11.— :The heaviest
snowstorm, in Chicago' this -winter,
reached" here this 1 * morning and by
night four inches of. snow covered-tha
ground. A high wind: that blew all
day drove the snow into drifts,•'neces
sitating the use of snowplows on'sev
eral railroads running out of Chicago.
The. storm also played -havoc with the
schedules, of the,'- streetcar lines
throughout the city, t Snowplows and
scrapers were > run over . the surface
lines at Intervals . of an* hour, but de
spite i, these efforts to Weep: the track
clear, the best thatmany of the street
car 'companies . -, could ; provide v was
about half the usual service.
A heavy v snowfall; also prevailed
throughout the States of .Wisconsin,
Illinois, Missouri; Iowa,^.Minnesota;
Michigan and the ~ northwestern part
of Indiana. ,
RARE CEREMONY
IN THE VATICAN
Pope Pius X , Canonizes
i Saints Alessandre Sauli
arid ;/Gerardo. : " Maiella
scene , is-;m_#nificent
ROME, Dec; ll.-^-In :the presence' of
60,000 persons assembled in St- Peter's,
P.ope Pius X^thls' mbrning. canonized
Blessed Alessandre Sauli and Blessed
Gerardo .Maiellar. descendants of; whom;
including 'Marquises " Arnbrosio,' Sauli
and Nigrotto, \ assisted in the canoni
zations, a, cer^ rriony so rare in recent
times that this was 'only . the second
time that it had been held since "1870.%.*
The basilica .was -b&autlful with elec
tric lights, its immense height showing
the illuminations . to perfection. The
throne had > been, erected behind .the
high altar and chair of St^Peter, hav
ing a device of rays of gold with "a
picture of tlie trinity: in the center. Al
together "the throne took up a space
of ninety by seventy ; feet. ' Four ban- ',
ners hung under s the dome, showing
the chief miracles of the new saints. I
The papal procession met in the Sis
tine Chapel, entering the basilica by
the Chapel of the Holy Sacrament. The
Pope, in the full ; pontifical costume,
was carried in the Bedia gestatoria,
with fts historic fans. His robust figure
and handsome " head showed thus to
best advantage and when he entered
the church : it was impossible, for the
authorities to repress entirely an out
burst of loyalty from the multitude,
which cried "Long live Pope Pius!"
The scene was such as to evoke the
devotion of the beholder, everything
having been done to heighten the ef T
feet, the, central figure In 'the cere
i!i<«n'al presenting a scene never to be
forgotten. His Holiness was preceded,
surrounded and followed by guards of
tlic court and high prelates. He looked
pa le, • fatigued and less robust than a
year ago, as- though the triple' crown
were bearing heavily upon ' him. The
Pope was thus escorted to the throne,
the Cardinals, Archbishops and Bishops
forming a square about him. •
The ceremony that followed was in
teresting in the extreme. Pope Pius
pontificated, preserving- a calm, rever
ential air to. the end, although, as he
confessed . later,'- he . was' greatly
fat.'gued. -%:. . .
After . the ceremony the procession
was re-formed, amid murmurs of love
and lojalty. T; .. • • ■- ,
.AU the American prelates now in
Rome who. assisted at the beatiftcat'bn
on Thursday of the saints canuhizod
to-day were present as was also ,tbe
faculty of the American . College in
Romei . : . riv.H'. iv; i
LARGEST VOTE
YET RECORDED
' NEW YORK,' Dec. 11.— The Times to
morrow will say: "A canvass by the
Times of the p,pular vote at the last
Presidential election* complete e:-}ept
as to one county in Tennessee and four
counties in Michigan, where estimates
are given, shows that President Roose
velt defeated Judge Parker by 2,546,169.
Ho polled the largest vote ever given a
President of the United States>7,640,560.
This is more than 400,000 in excess of
the vote cast for McKlnley in 1900.
"The official figures for Missouri show
that Roosevelt carried that State by
25,600. In Maryland one Republican
elector received the largest vote, but
his colleagues were defeated. The
Democrats of Maryland, therefore, will
have seven votes in the electoral col
lege while the Republicans will have
only or.e.
. "A comparison with the vote table of
1900 shows a marked change In the So
cialist vote. Debs; the candidate of the
party that year, was also this year's
condidate, and his vote shows an in
crease of mare than 300,000. Watson,
the Populist candidate, ran strongest in
his own Stc'.j, Georgia, where he re
ceived 22,635 votes. He received most
of his votes in the South and West, but
only one vote was cast for him in South
Carolina.
. "The total vcte is given as 13,534,119,
and that for each of the Presidential
candidates is given as follows: Roose
velt, Republican, 7,640,560; Parker
Democrat, 5,094,391; Debs, Socialist
392,857; Swallow, Prohibitionist, 248,411
;-Watson. i Populist, • 124,381: Corrigan
Socialist Labor, 5j3,519. The electoral
vote will be 336 for Roosevelt and 140
forParker." I
FRIENDS SEEKS NEWS
j OF CALVIN BERRY
Younjr.Man Disappears Without Giv-
K^^W ncr Wnniiric or Leavinff a
.; : ': : ' Farewell . Messajce. -
•>•■■.> Mystery surrounds ithe sudden dis
appearance of Calvin Berry, 24 years
oldi.who was employed as bookkeeper
byv^he Henry Cowell Lime, and Cement
Company of 211-213 Druram street
and.roomed at 611 Polk*streeW On
the/aay, before Thanksgiving he left
his place.of employment apparently in
his usual health and* sipirlts, saying he
intended. visiting his mother In Berke
ley,- but : failed to return either, to his
desk or his lodgings after the . holiday.
JU was thought that.he might be stay
ing- with ; his mother and a message
,Wfp3 sent to her. She replied that she
had expected him on Thanksgiving
day} /but' he did not come to see her.
'An. -'examination ' of Berry's books
shows that they ..are correct and his
employers give him: a good name. '
Mrs. J. A: Berryi of 2614 Dana street,
Berkeley, m6ther of the missing man,
has :no ridea what^ has become of . her
Bon and isimuch-wprried: Two weeks
before Thanksgiving day he called to
see her in -Berkeley,, but she/ was -not
home. A week 'later he again called
at." her rooms, 'but agairf 6he w'as
absent. On Thanksgiving day Mrs.
Minor, at whose * place .Mrs. Berry
boards, ;met him on Market street in
San 'Francisco. •■-Mrs." Berry came to
this f city and visited her son's room
"on : Saturday, .butfpund it unoccupied
an,d with no indications of .its hav
ing been occupied ' for some time.
Everything? was ' in its place. Mrs.
Berry then telephoned to the hos
pitals, but found no trace of herson.
She is x anxious to , find him, as his
sister Is very sick In Berkeley, i,
Christmas Clocks a ml Candlesticks.
Get one of our^clocks, the'quajnt : gold
€n" ones -that 'every. oneXvants,;or a; gold
candlestick, jewel case or ink stand for a
nice not -expensive Christmas pres
ent. Open ; evenings. :Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market streeuttgHBaRH *
DR. CHADWICK TALKS
OF WIFE'S AFFAIRS.
Continued From Page 1, Column 5.
I could not^ believe her any more.
■When' she told me the story of being
the daughter^of-Andrew-CarnegJe, her
husband, Dr.. Chadwiek, was present
and he -believed the story'as I did. >.";•,■
"The stories of her giving large sums
of money, to her husband are false. He
la. how "in Europe and is penniless"^
"Just to show. the methods of Mrs.
Chadwiek, I will tell of what she of
,ffcred-to. do for me about a .year ago.
She came to me in my office here and
said she was grateful for all that -I had
done for her and that she wished nie
t'o accept, a present from' her. She then
offered > me $100,000 in four notes . of
$.5,000. 'The notes were drawn by, her
and ,she - declared that- they . were. . as
good as gold. They may have been, for
1 1 know that her notes for
amounts had been negotiated "in banks
In this clty,.and had been, taken .up at
maturity. Of ' course, as arr officer of
the bank I. could not accept such .a
present and "remain in the institution.
I was compelled either to resign or de
cline the present • and I declined - the
notes."
STAXD BY REYNOLDS.
The directors of the Wade Park Bank
have to' a man- determined to stand
by Secretary Reynolds and insist that
he remain with the bank. He has of
fered repeatedly to resign during the
last two weeks, but the directors have
refused to. accept the resignation and
declare that he shall retain his posi
tion- ; ,
Both the Federal and State authori
ties have united in the determination
to keep Mrs. Chadwiek behind prison^
burs, until she* is brought, before either
the Federal Grand Jury or the Grand
Jr.dy, of this, county to answer to the
charges against her. United States
District Attorney Sullivan to-day
wired- to New York officials suggesting
that if bondsmen appear ; for Mrs.
Ch'adwick: to-morrow the amount of
bond in which she is now held be in
creased-to $25,000 or $50,000, if neces
sary to keep her in jail. It is ex
plained that the authorities have pow
er to Increase or decrease the amount
of bond as they see fit.
In addition to suggesting a bond-.in
crease and the kind of' bond, other
steps haye been taken calculated ab
solutely to prevent . Mrs. ■ Chadwiek se
curing her freedom before she has been
brought to trial; -;.V '
DR. CHADWICK IS FOUND.
PARIS, Dec. 12.— Dr. Leroy S. Chad
wiek was found and interviewed by the
STew York World correspondent at his
hotel here yesterday. Chadwiek, who
seemed to be under great nervous ten
sion; said positively that he knew and
had known nothing of his wife's "al
leged business transactions," and that
the revelations concerning them and
her had : "all come as a horrible shock"
to him. So far as he knew Uts. Chad
wiek did not know Andrew Carnegie
and has never even met him.
Nevertheless the doctor resented the
comparison of his wife's transactions
with those of Mme. Humbert, and said
he believed Mrs. Chadwiek simply ne
gotiated paper she thought was good.
This important interview was not ob
tained easily. The World's correspond
ent learned the hotel where Dr. Chad
wiek and a child by his first wife are
stopping. He called up the doctor on
the telephone and asked him to grant
an interview. :
"Come to see me," Chadwiek an
swered. "But how will I know. you?"
Then he added in a weak, nervous
voice, "I will carry a white handker
chief In ray, right hand, and you do
likewise." : '
YOUTHFUL IN APPEARANCE.
The correspondent found a young
looking man, seemingly not more than
30 years of age, sitting In the place ap
pointed. So youthful was his appear
ance that his visitor would not have
suspected. he was Chadwiek.
Chadwiek had a copy of a Paris
newspaper containing his wife's por
trait. The picture showed m- handsome
woman, but after regarding it flxedly
he exclaimed:
"That's not her picture; she is much
better looking.
"She in no way needed money," he
continued. "My daughter Mary, who is
with me. is 19 years old. so she fully
appreciates what ail this means to me.
Like me, she Is greatly shocked by the
newspaper reports, nor can she under
stand why Andrew Carnegie's name
figures so largely. I saw my wife last
just prior to November 15. She looked
and behaved as usual." ,
"Did .your daughter last month cable
to Iri Reynolds, the Cleveland banker,
asking for money?"
"That is something I will not deny or
affirm," answered Chadwiek. "If Rey
nolds wishes to talk about the incident
he can."
Chadwiek is an extremely weak man,
who could easily be controlled, even
hypnotized, by a strong woman. He 1
never let from his hand the newspaper
which had g^en him ,the opportunity
to mention that his wife Is good-look
ing, y
WILL REMAIN T N JAIL
NEW YORK, Dec. 11.— From present
indications It is extremely unlikely that
any attempt will be made to obtain bail
for Mrs. Chadwiek, who has been in the
Tombs since last Thursday night on a
charge of aiding and abetting bank of
ficials in the embezzlement of $12,500.
She is held under $15,000 bail. A person
who is in a position to know the vari
ous moves in the Chadwiek case spoke
as follows. to-day:
' Despite all reports to the contrary, no active
efforts have been made/to obtain ball for Mrs.
Chadwiek In this city. There are plenty of
people here who wculd sign her bond If asked,
but the fact Is it Is not deemed advisable for
Mrs. Chad wick to leave the City Prison at
present. If ahe.were released on ball the Gov
ernment could demand twenty-four hours In
which to examine her surety. Meanwhile tha
Government attorneys could telegraph the
Cleveland authorities and t>efor« the twenty
four hours expired could . have additional
charges sent here so that It would be necessary
to procure nexr ball. 1
This proesdure could be carried cut as long
as the Government officials thought they hod
tharges. Again there ml^ht come a conflict in
authority. A county Grand Jury might find an
Indictment, against Mrs. Chadwiek and then
the matter of extradition would come up In a
different llpht irem any yet suggested.
I am of the opinion that Mr*. Chadwiek will
remain quietly in the. Tombs for the present.
Her examination is sot for next Saturday be
fore United States Commissioner Shields. In
case Mrs. Chadwiek Js held for. the Federal
Grand Jury It Is not at all unlikely (that one
of the, Rr*atest legal battles fought 1 , In New
York will follow. i£S%_BB___fi___!
A~ lawyer who has been connected
with the recent flnanclaldlnlculties. In
answer to the ■ report that stops might
be eventually taken to compel the re
turn of Dr. Chadwiek to this country,
said: v
Any person, who says that Dr. Chadwiek can
b«s brought back to theUnited States against
his witlTbecause he gave Herbert D. Newton
checks which were returned mark«>d "without
funds" knows nothing of the . law. Had the
doctor bought a coat and given a worthless
check he .could- have been held for obtaining
money ' under false pretenses, but in thia case
there was no value -received. He - is said . to
hav« given two chocks aggregating $50,000 as a
part paymuit of, his wife's indebtedness. The
checks were. valueless, but no crime was com
muted, for * Dr." Chadwlck received nothing.
Newton ' gave ; nothing. = In other words, there
was no value received and : therefor* no crime
committed. .
COIN MAY i BE WITH' HIM.
? -It ha« been ' raid . that , Mrs. 7 Chadwiek settled
$2,300.0*10 of. the money . she - borrowed . on - her
husband three years ago.', That will be a diffi
cult thing to prove. It must 7 , first bo shown
that she borrowed * the . money and then <that
It ,was borrowed fraudulently. :. It would. seem
reasonable th^t If the woman could borrow
such a sum of money she muBt have 'had some
excellent securities. It must be borne. In mind
that ths first Carnegie nota. which plays the
most important role in this tragedy ot finance.
Is. much less than four years old. whlftU was
more than three years ego that $2,500,000 was
Mid to h»va be*n settled ion JDr. Chadwiek. it
would have been impossible In so short a time
to negotiate such a large loan on the strength
of that note, and It is highly probable that ii
•the dld-gire her husband that money she baa
bona fide security.
I believe It most unlikely that any attempt
will ever be made to bring Dr. Chadwiek bacK
on any such hypothesis. Those who know him
best believn that whatever wealth be has he
acquired honestly. :
Mrs. Chadwiek passed a quiet day in
the Tombs. The prison physician found
her in excellent health. ' . \
United States District Attorney Bur
nett was quoted to-night as. havinff
said that should bondsmen appear to
give bond for Mrs. Chadwiek he would
use his influence with United States
Commissioner Shields to have the ball
increased from $15,000, the amount now
fixed. V ... .
An incident which may have some
significance occurred to-day when a
number of reporters at the Tombs ad
dressed a note to Mrs. Chadwiek, ask
ing if she would mate a statement and
also when 'she expected to be released.
To this she returned the word; "To
morrow." The newspaper men • -were
puzzled as to this answer. Believing
that she had finally, decided to waive
examination and go to Cleveland, they
attempted to clear up .this point
through the medium of another note,
but the officers of the Tombs would
not permit it to be taken to Mrs. Chad
wiek. ' . •
Andrew Carnegie declined to talk to
day regarding his possible appearance
as a witness in the case, or as to other
developments in which his name has
been mentioned. •.
ELUDES WOMAN'S LURE.
NEWCASTLE. Pa.; Dec. ll v — Mrs.
Cassie L.. Chadwiek made an unsuc
cessful attempt to secure the indorse
ment of Lewis S. Hoyt, vice president
of the Citizens* National Bank of this
city, to two drafts for $19,000 and $39.
000. respectively, while Dr. and Mrs.
Chadwiek >vere touring Mexico. accord-
Ing: to a story given out here to-night.
At Ho'yfs home the story was con
firmed. . -
A' party of local, people, including
Hoyt, -were traveling there at the same
time. Mrs. Chadwiek Introduced the
subject of finance to , Hoyt, it is said,
and showed certain drafts and wanted
to know how she could obtain money
upon them.
"By being identified at any bank,"
Hoyt explained. . ;f
Then Mrs. Chadwiek asked Hoyt to
identify her at some San Francisco
brink when they arrived In that city.
Hoyt refused to place his signature on
$55,000 worth of paper.
Mr?. Chadwick's explanation of her
desire to cash the drafts, according to
the story, was that she might wish to
purchase real estate in Mexico. ,
PITTSBURG. Dec. 11.— The man sus
pected of being the Pittsburg million
aire who accommodated Mrs. Chadwiek
with money has succeeded in foiling
every attempt to Interview him on the
subject. It is believed a statement will
bo made by him to-morrow.
LETTER FROM
THE LANDLORD
Pommer-Eiiers Enabled to Ex
tend Sale at the Eleventh
Hour.
Three Carloads of Brand New High
est Grade Pianos Added, tut
Time Is Jhort and Premises
Must Be Vacated Promptly— See
These New Pianos and Gat Re
moval* Sale Prices and Terms
On account of important changes in
the building plans, and delays in steel
shipments, the big Pommer-Eilers re
moval sale of pianos and organs is to
continue a few days longer. *
. At the eleventh hour, and after most
of the tenants of this big building had
left, we received word from the owners
of these premises, offering us the use of
our warerooms a few days longer. The
following letter will explain itself:
"HERBERT E. LAW,
"San Francisco. Cal., U. S. A..
"December 9. 1904.
"Messrs. Pommer-Eilers Music Co., City.
•Gentlemen: Owing to decided changes
in the plans for the new . Monadnock
Building,* we are in position to give you
occupancy for a couple of weeks longer
from this date. . -
"We are counting definitely, however,
upon your vacating- the entire premises
at the earliest possible moment, and in
no event later than Saturday evening
December 31st. according to the terms of
agreement between ourselves.,
"Very sincerely yours,
"(Sig.) HERBERT E. LAW"
Accordingly, this removal sale will
continue. The remainder of this elegant
stock of fine pianos will be closed out at
the old stand. And to add special inter
est to the closing days of this big salt
we have decided to include another car
load each of KirabaUs, Deckers and Ha
zeltons in the slaughter.
These cars have just come in from the
respect ¥v* factories, with whom we have
contracts for supplying us month in and
month out a certain number of pianos
Bear In mind that these last Zhreo car
loads are the finest and choicest product*
of the three world-famous factories
mentioned, and they will go at the enor
mous discounts offered heretofore, on ac
count of which low prices this removal
sale of ours has become the greatest ever
held in the history of piano merchandis
ing. Up to date over $135,000 worth of
fine pianos and organs have been sold in
this sale. •
On account of the terms under which
we temporarily surrendered our lease,
we are in position to Ignore factory costs
and retail profits, and secondly, as one
of the strongest financially concerns in
the business, we are not pinched by anx
ious manufacturers nor hard up for
money, and can therefore afford to sell
to the retail buyer on the most conven
ient and easiest terms of payment.
On payments of little more than ordi
nary rent we are now selling the choic
est and most costly of highest grade
American pianos, brand new and fully
•warranted, at a saving: in price of nearly
one-half the regular retail value of an
instrument. .
No matter what Inducements may be.
held out to you elsewhere, bear in mind
that Pommer-Eilers are surely able to do
better for you — whether it be In the sale
of an ordinary though serviceable square
piano (we have them from $18 up), or a
good ustd upright of reliable make
(from 564 up), or one of those superb
latest design Deckers or Hazeltons or
Klmballr. or Lesters — at Pommer-EUers*
Removal Sale you will now find yourself
in position to. effect a substantial saving
over what is or ever has been offered
elsewhere. :
Don't forget the place, 653 Market
street, between the Palace Hotel and the
TCraminai- hnlldtne. $__
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1
| I Purchase \
| I Of 25c or I
I J Over we 1
| J Will give a I
i J BOX OF I
I "Peanut Flake" I
I CANDY 1
f« No-Percentage I
I drug co., n
■ 949-951 Market St. 1
ll Thi L*rg8it Cat-Hita Drag Stors z\
<m Perfect Fitting ,f*^>
Y Eyeglasses 1$
| -j At Moderate Cost
V 642
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION" AND AFFAIRS "
OP THE
STANDARD HE
INSURANCE COMPANY
(LIMITED)
OF LIVERPOOL. IN ENGLAND. ON THE
Slat day of December. A. D. 1903. and
for the year endlnff on that day. as made to
th« Insurance Commissioner of the State of
i California pursuant to the provision* of sec-
1 tton« C10 'and 611 of tha Political Code, con-
densed aj p«r blank furnished by th« Commls-
*° aer: CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $300,000 0<i
ASSETS. "
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bondi owned by Company. ..$1,392,203 00
Cash in Banks - 251.713 CO
Interest due and accrued on all ,,„„„
Stocks and Loans , 18.C02 CO
Premium* in due Course of Col- "
i lection •• •■ 201.112 00
I Bill* receivable, not Matured,
taken for Fire and Marina
Risks 2.507 CO
Total assets $1.SM.26* 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid '
Loss-es in process of Adjustment
or -In Suspense $132,400 CO
Lcnes resisted. Including ex-
' pense* ."........•..'.••
Gross premium* on Marine and
Inland Navigation Risks; reln-
«uranc* 100 per cent } 139.740 00
Gross premiums on Marino Tims
' Risk*; reinsurance 50 per cant. .
Due. and accrued for salaries.
v renta. advertlslnsr and for other ~
miscellaneous expenses 123.473 00
Total liabilities » 1OO.S13 00
, INCOME.
Net cash actually received for
Marine premiums $549.778 00
Received for Interest and divl- • y.—.Y
dends on Bond*. Stocks. Loans.
and from all other sourees 47.M3 00 ;
Total lncom» $307,739 00
EXPENDITUKKS. "
Net amount paid for Marina
I Losses $477,r.77 CO
Dividends to Stockholders 87.5CO CO
Paid for Salaries. Fe*s. and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 44.137 U
Paid for State. National and Lo-
cal taxes 5.428 89,
Total expenditures $fili.501 0O
Marine. ~
Losses Incurred during the year... $470.502 00
j Risks and Premiums. jMarlne Risks. [Premiums.
1 Net amount of Risk*! I
i written during the
i year I $87,531,025 $557,002 00
1 Net amount of Risks!
expired during the'
year I 65,057.285 559.3S2 00
Ket amount in farce| t j • <*
December 31. 10O3. .| 11.246^00, 1S9.740 0»
JOHN WILLIAMSON President. " — '
/ JOHN GICK. Secretary.
Sabscrtbed and sworn before me. this 2M
day of February. 1904.
I VT. J. SULI3. •
I Deputy Consul of U. S. > at : Uverpoot.
1 PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
| J. D.SPREGKELS & BROS. CO., Gsn Agts.
J. B. F. DAVIS & SOM, Managers.
215 Sansome St, San Francisco
Telephone PrlvaU Exch. No. &%
Seattle (Wash.) Otflce. Coleman Building.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
6UO !IE.lB.\'i ST. Established
tn 1534 for the treatment of Private
DUwases. Lo*l Manhood, tx-bllityor
lisas'* wearlngon body ao<1 mind anrfc |
Slin Dis*-M«a. Ti>e Doctor cureawl>*n -i
others iaii. Try him. fpnrg»» k»«r.
l'nrv»ruar»Btrfd. Cull or write. J>
Or. J. F. CilBBOX. .sai> Praivrtaco- C^L .
' |ASTHMANOLAI
t* _• only cuz* for Nervous ana
Eroachial ASTHMA.
Tour Druggist or at as HAIOBT ST..
San Francisco. C_ .RUSSIAN POLICE CHARGE ST. PETERSBURG MOB
Riots of 1901 Are
Duplicated in the
Czar's Capital.
"PEACEI" THE CRY
Fifty Participants in
Demonstration
Are Injured.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec 1L— A pop
ular anti-Government demonstration,
the participants in which Included large
cumbers of students of both sexes, be
gan at midday in the NevEky Prospect
and lasted about two hours. Hun
dreds of police and mounted gend
armes, who were hidden in the court
yard of the public building, emerged
suddenly and charged the crowd at
full gsilop, driving the demonstrators
in headlong confusion and screaming
with terror upon sidewalks and into ad
jacent streets. This led to several en
counters, fifty persons being more or
less severely injured. Large numbers
T. - ere arrested.
Not since the riots of 1901, when Cos
eccks, stretched across the Neveky
Prospect from building to building,
charged down the boulevard from the
Moscow station to the Neva, has the
Russian capital lived through such a
fiay of excitement as this. The au
thorities last night learned of the
big anti-Government demonstration
planned for to-day by the Socialist La
bor party to demand an immediate end
of the war, and the convocation of a
national assembly, and leading every
Taper this morning in black-faced type
•was an explicit warning to the people
at their peril to desist from congre
gating in the Nevsky Prospect near the
Kazan Cathedral.
POLICE ARE REIXFORCED.
At the same time extensive prepara
tions were made to quell any disturb
ances- The police on the # Nevsky Pros
pect were sextupled, and the dvorniks,
or house porters, were marshaled in
front of their respective buildings. A
half-dozen squadrons of mounted gend
armerie were massed in the rear of the
Kazan Cathedral and battalions of re
serve police were stationed in several
courtyards out of sight.
Minister" of the Interior Sviatopolk-
Mirsky gave strict orders, however,
that no Cos?acks should be used, and
Fullon, Chief of Police, issued special
orders to avoid harsh measures unless
it should become absolutely necessary.
The newspapers' warnings, by giving
■notice to those not apprised of the
I rospect cf a demonstration, defeated
the very object for which they were
designed, atracting seemingly the
whole population of this vast city to
the bro'ad thoroughfare, and long be
fore the hour fixed, despite the plead
ing! of the police, who literally lined
the Eide walks, the throngs on the
pavements were so dense that move
ment was almost impossible, while the
snow-covered boulevard was black
■with a tangled mass of sleighs, filled
mostly v.ith the curious.
In thronsrs on the sidewalk were
practically the whole student body of
the capital, including many young
•women, who have always been promi
nent In Russia in Liberal revolution
ary movements, and also thousands
of workmen belonging to the Social
Labor party.
Toward 1 o'clock the workmen and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cures
Sore Throat
A Harmless Antiseptic
Endorsed by the medical profession.
Send ten cents to pay postage on
free trial bottle. Sold by Lead-
ing Druggists. Not genuine unless
■ label bears my signature :
61 0 Prince SUN.Y.
V.'rit r (or f ret booklet on Rational Treat-
ment of Disease.
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky
And that is to let it alone. If you try
ary other \ray It will get the best of
you. If you can't let it alone you need
Dr. McKacna'* treatment. ' Dr McKain-
na cures the liquor habit by destroying
th^ desire for liquor and putting th«
evBtem in its natural condition. wb*re
liquor is not needed to help the machin-
ery of the body to do its work. Dr.
McKanna effects a complete cure'in threo
days without the use of dangerous hy-
podermics, annoying confinement or bad
after effects. Dr. McKanna's treatment
is absolutely safe and cannot harm the
most delicate constitution. Why waste
time and money in drinking whlskv
when you can be cured of the llouor
habit in three days with no cfaajJX of '
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness?
Think it over and call or write Dr Mc-
Kanna for full Information. Address 14
Geary street. San Francisco. CaL Pfaon*
Always. Rera ember the Full Ji&me
Baxative jRronxo Cjranme
Cores a Cold in One Day, Gr^ta 2 Days
%D. ySOs^rpyg^ tog. 230
dtps R BR I ff^ Ammacitlon. Huatlnjr aad
a ° I BUS V Eportlng Goods. UrjfK
|-| a FtC Hock. Lownt pric«». Scad
yyiuU ehreveTa'barber co.
2S9 Uark*t rt. ui ta
Kearuy *U _ _ '
students seemed to swarm toward the
corner of the Hotel Europe, opposite
the Kazan Cathedral. The police,
recognizing that the critical moment
was approaching, tried in vain to keep
back the human tide.
Then, when thero was not a single
i mounted policeman in sight, on the
stroke of 1. from the heart of the
thickly wedged crowd a blood . red
flag, like a jet of flame, suddenly shot
up. It was the signal. Other flags ap
peared In the crowd, waving fran
tically overhead, and they were
greeted with a hoarse roar: "Down
with autocracy!" The students surged ,
into the streets singing the "Marseil
laise," while innocent spectators, seek
ing to extricate themselves, crowded
into doorways and hugged the wall.
NUMEROUS ARRESTS.
The ferment continued all day and
far into the night. So far there have
been more than 100 arrests.
To-night the, students of the Poly
technique and other institutions held
meetings, at which flery speeches were
made in favor of reform and the con- I
vocation of I a national assembly.
The greatest distress is expressed by
conservative Liberals over the day's
events, all declaring that just when
the fate of the Zemstvo programme
was in the balance, such a fruitless
outbreak will be sure to prejudice
every observer, and put the strongest
weapon in the hands of the bureau
cratic reactionaries.
That such demonstrations of the So
cial-Democratic labor party are not
confined to the capital is shown by a
letter received here from a prominent
Zemstvoist In Southern Russia, In
which the writer says:
The optimism with which we left St. Peters
burg is beirinnln*- to var.isn. The Government
1* not thowtng a dlcpoeltlon to meet us half
way and enter frankly on the path of reform.
On the contrary, there teems to be hesitation
as to -whether it would not be better to return
to the path of reaction. The Government
seems unable to comprehend the real state of
popular feeling, the Importance of decisive ac
tion and the disastrous consequences of pro
crastination. The people of this province am
In a state of great excitement. Large meetings
have- taken place in many towns and very spe
cific resolutions have been adopted, but the bad
feature of the situation Is the attitude of the
workmen.
Incited by the underground press of Geneva
and Paris." which declares itself In complete
antagonism to the moderate demands of the
i Zemstvo, It proclaims a definite socialist pro
gramme declaring it wants not political but |
roclal freedom. It will therefore be the policy
of the Government. If it decides to concede
nothing to It. to foster such dissensions 'be
tween the Zemstvo and the Labor party. -
The Government, confident of Us ability to
repress revolutionary attacks by force of arms.
and apprehending no real danger from th«
workinsmen. can use their , antagonism to us
as an argument against the expediency of
granting the reforms demanded by. the moder
ates on the ground that they are net in real
sympathy with the wishesof the people.
Following is the text of the procla
mation of the' Social-Democratic labor
party calling attention to to-day's
demonstration:
We have raised cur voices calling for bet
ter things, but the Government has turned a
deaf ear to our cry- We f rom . day to day
draw out a laborous existence, a condition
worse than convicts, while they convert mil
lions into smoke and sacrifice thousands of
workmen's lives under incompetent generals.
We are shedding our .blood for our torturers,
while they are entering Into a shameless bar
rain with wealthy landlords and Zemstvolsts.
Enough. We cannot endure It longer. We
must arise and boldly proclaim that we want
an- end of war - and a government by repre
sentatives of the people. ."''Ill'' _-Al
Long live the Social-Democracy! Down. with
the war! Down with autocracy!
All who are ready, to fight for our demands,
assemble In front of the Kazan Cathedral at 1
o'clock.
An official statement issued to-night
with reference to the _ rioting tofday
says:
During the confuMon and Jostling the demon
strators freely . used cudgels and ! the police
were compelled to beat back the rioters: with
the flat of their swords. The rioting naturally
wu not suppressed without casualties, but none
were serioua. .. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALt, MOND AY, V DECEMBER 12, 1904.
GENERAL XOGI. THE ADVERSARY
OF GENERAL STOESSEL AT
PORT ARTHUR. .
NAVAL COMBAT
AT PORT ARTHUR
LONDON, Dec. 11.— An unofficial re
port from Port Arthur, according to a
Tokio dispatch to the Dally Mall, says
the Japanese torpedo-boat destroyers
attacked the Russian battleship Sevas
topol at the mouth of the harbor on
the night of December 9, with what
result is not known.
The Dally Telegraph's correspondent
before Port Arthur reports, under date
of December 9, that there were desper
ate encounters last week. The bellig
erents, the correspondent adds, .mu
tually recognize the Red Cross and
collect the dead and wounded during
temporary suspensions of fighting.
The Daily Telegraph's' Tientsin cor
respondent learns from official Japan
ese sources that the Japanese casual
ties at Port Arthur the latter part of
October were 3000 killed and 10,000
wounded. The losses In more recent
attacks, the correspondent adds, were
much heavier. . •
The same correspondent has heard
that continual fighting is proceeding
south of Mukden.
The correspondent in Shanghai of the
Daily ■ Telegraph, in a • dispatch dated
December 11, says that, according to
Peking reports, the Russians have re
treated to the south bank of the Hun
River, after seventy-two hours' fight
ing, with heavy losses. On the fourth
day of the fighting, the correspondent
says, the Japanese assumed the offen
sive. The Mukden station is reported
to be in a wild state of confusion. .
The Daily Telegraph believes the au
thenticity of the foregoing reports
from Chinesq sources "of heavy fighting
is very doubtful.
TOKIO, Dec. 11.— The battering, of
the Port Arthur fleet continues arid
there is but Uttle ground for expecting
that it will ever again .engage the
Japanese. The battleship Sevastopol
continues at anchor outside , and it is
possible that she returns to the .harbor
at night. Her anchorage Is Inside the
outer, boom, which protects her from
torpedo attacks and, besides, the' heavy"
weather- recently has given her -added
protection.
Naval" experts,, are";. discarding ., the
theory that the Russians sank: any
ships themselves. The fact; that the
vessels first showed lists/ the exposed
positions of the sunken vessels and the
efforts of the Russians to save the
Sevastopol are regarded as conclusive
against the theory of self-sinking.
A majority of the sunken warships
lie headed northward. They received
the bulk of the flre across their port
sides. The fact that at least two show
ed lists to starboard gives rise to the
theory that the Japanese shells, ex
ploding inside the ships, against the
starboard armor, drove the armor out
ward, causing leaks. .
In order to end the question of their
future availability the Japanese con
tinue to drop shells Into the sunken
hulks.
The whereabouts of the torpedo-boat
ADVERTISEMENTS.
r i ij (i 1 """"" •"' Si' f-. L© >L3l*€t©I* I %f
Ml I 1 1 l-m^ \ 1 'M ■ S I The Money Thus Saved Goes
]] i ill W^^^^^ 1 'i Toward Your Christmas; Fund
[ hSIpSfe * ftj We can present a great many strong arguments
y*£ '^^^^»>^ | But the strongest argument is because we save
Jft^ftS^^^^^H^' & y° u mone Y and surely with Christmas ahead every
W^^S^^^^^ I:'- dollar you save can be put to a good advantage. ,
/^^^^fclili^^^^^^^ • '§■ - For $10.00 we make to order a good wearing
j|^35u- ' " i^M^^^ ? suit that an y other tailor is com P e!led t0 ask $l>.00
' • * or ' anc^ e & arments are a bout the same in quality,
fc^^^^^^^^^i^^fe^v^^S- \ ' with the chances for superiority in favor of ours.
For $15.00 we will make a suit which will equal
'"^S^^^^^^^^^^^^K^I' the $20.00 product of others; so on- upward the
" J^^^^^^^^^^^^H | . . These are strong. -statements and you can rest
■ ' ' assured we would not make them if we could not
7i^^^K-\yt ll-- :^^p- -- There is" no room for doubt on your part when
M^^^% "^===s \\ -'■■'• we °^ er 7 our mone y back if you are not satisfied
J/Jf^- ~ ~$*&u$i ■ '£■]'' " •-■■ ' ---Vx fc^?^^^^ rt*& ■ o -f -4-^ |» oljifiricr c\y\ order
MwkS '^^ ' Suits satisfactorily ?nade to order for out-of-town cus-
' "^^^T tomers through our self-measi{ring system. Write for
Cups ahd Saucers Free r± \\ ilt\ Santa ClalXS hH * e
BeautifuUy decorated cups and saucers WW If I I I J fa) i if ° W **" "^ tO <***"*
forserving black coffee; one free with. W/^'%l VV^Vl 1^ who are .ccc^.nicd by -dulu. Come
pmxhase amounting to $1.00 or oveV. ; -^ ■ , ' -" 7 ii" j ifJJ and see him fa his coxy Bttle hoosa.
":-■■■■■■-.•■■-• ■-■■- ■ ■• -■ - I 740 Market St». and Cor. Powell and Eddy. f
BODY GETS NO
REST IN GRATE
Devoted Husband, Digs Up
Corpse of His Wife at
Intervals and Beclothes It
DEVOTION IS GEEWSOME
She Died When He Was Away
From Home and on Keturn
He Becomes Almost Frantic
Special Dispatch to Tha CaJL
i CADDO, I. T.. Dec 1L— As Btraag*
as fiction and so grewgome as to causa
those most familiar with it to shudder
when It is mentioned is the story of J.
W. Moons' remarkable devotion, to his
dead wife— a devotion which has caused
him to Ignore all conventions, the sen
timent of the community and the plead
ings of his friends arid to practically
alienate himself from the society of his
equals in a community, where he ranks
as one of .the wealthiest and most in
fluential citizens..
Moons' self -ostracism is the result of
his persistent habit of disinterring the
body of his wife, bathing it and cloth
ing it in fresh linen before' consigning
it back to the grave for another brief
period. . '?;'/
When Mrs. Moons died her husband
was away from home on a hunting
trip. It was impossible to communicate
with him, and neighbors and friends of
the family prepared the woman's body
for. burial and interred it before the ab
sent husband knew of her death. When
he returned and learned of his loss he
was almost frantic. He appealed to
some of the best women of-Caddo to
assist him In exhuming his wife's body
and preparing it for a burial to suit his
ideas. He said that he wanted the
corpse clothed in a black silk dress
which he had given his wife as a birth
day present and which she' had worn
but a few times.
The sympathetic women agreed to
humor him and the body was taken
from the grave/ where it had lain for
four days. They bathed and reclothed
it to suit the grief-stricken husband's
ideas. ,...',.''
The incident caused some discussion,
but a few- days later, when Moons
again appealed to certain ladies of the
town to assist him In again exhuming
and preparing the body for the grave,
the community was. shocked. Never
theless Moons succeeded In persuading
some respectable women V> 'assist him.
The body was again tasen from the
grave, bathed, clothed la fresh linen
and reinterred.
In a short time this procedure was
repeated, *and again and again did
Moons disturb the grave in' which' his
dead wife reposed to carry out his
grewsome ideas of devotion. He no
longer could obtain assistance from the
white women- of Caddo, and was
obliged to employ two old colored mam
mies to assist at the periodic rites.
Finally the negresses were frightened
from the work by stories of "spooks"
and spirits tdia'-to* Them 1 by"ind1gnant
white people. Now Moons -attends to
the grewsome matter alone and unaid
ed. -On every other,; matter he seems
quite rational/ .... ;. '>;;,. ~.". : . ,'•
destroyers' continues doubtful. ' It Is
believed they have taken shelter out
side. The weather prevents a good ob
servation, but the Japanese are sending
a searching flre into nooks which can
not be observed from 203-lieter Hill
and other heights.
Observers report that a number of
tugs, launches, dredges and small craft
have 'anchored near the hospital ships
in the west harbor, evidently for the
purpose of obtaining protection. It has
been suggested that the besiegers no
tify General Stoessel to separate them
from the hospital ships or else take the
consequences. The Japanese are ex
ercising care to' avoid hitting the hos
pital ships, which are frequently In the
direct line of flre.
:^_ __ ' 1 AD V-EJtTTSOfFlj^xS. '
\ LARGEST CUJfRATE f?
DRUG STORE INJflEXITy^
14 OW we obtain what we are able to offer yon
11 at such cheap prices does not interest you, of ;
course. AH you want is good goods, and we
promise you generous measure in this respect.
But— read on— here's the list:
McKenzie's Kola Celery Compound
$1.00, cut to.... 65C
. • A true nerve tonic.
Lane's Kidney and Liver Cure $1.00,
cut to. 75c
Vinomal, a strengthening tonic, un-
equaled $1.00 j
Phosphate of Soda — Merck's 1-lb. pksr. -15c
Allcock's' Porous Plasters .............. 1 2>C •
Danderine 25c, cut to 15C i
Sugar of Milk, Merck's 1-lb. pkg 25c \
Pure Norwegian Cod- Liver Oil, pints . . -50c
EaU de Quinine (Pinaud's) 40C
Williams' Shaving Soap . . . . _ 5c
Beef, Iron and Wine. 50c
ct j^i *»r * > 50C CUt tO 35C
Florida Water > „ . . ,~
J 2oc cut to .-15c
Medicated Red Flannel Chest Protectors
50c, cut to : 4-OC
A choice assortment of handsome and appropriate.
Christmas gifts. Do not overlook our line when making
your purchases. Toilet Sets, Toilet Soaps, Perfumes, etc
3 38and40 THIRD STREETC
tt^Open All Nicfht * Phnni>"ftMchSlV%
TRIP TO TEST
LOVE OF BRIDE
Special Dispatch to Tb« Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 11. — A dispatch
from Fairbanks, Alaska, says James
Hill, auditor of the Northern Commer
cial Company, was married there
Thursday and started the same day
with a dog team for a bridal
trip to Dawson. The couple expect
to spend Christmas In the Klondike.
Fairbanks prices continue to rise.
Canned cream Is now $16 a case and
candles sell for 20 cents each. A beer,
bottle full -of kerosene costs 75 cents.
The camp probably will be in dark
nesss before, spring. .
Arthur Kruger was almost killed by
tho explosion of his rifle at .Fairbanks.
One eye was blown out and he prob
ably will lose the sight of the remain
ing one.
Registration excitement In Dawson
has subsided, the enumerators having
delivered the missing voters' lists to
the supporters of Dr. Thompson. A
crowd of miners. threatened violence If
the men holding the registration lists
did not immediately produce them.
Dr. Thompson's supporters claim he
will .be elected to Parliament over
former Governor Congdon if the elec
tion Is honestly conducted.
Police Prevent lUot in Paris.
PARIS. Dec. 11. — Several hundred
schoolboys .and students, assembled
to-day with the object of making a
demonstration at, the grave of Deputy
Syveton. who died last week. The po
lice broke up the groups and prevent
ed a procession.
WEBER DANCES
IN HIS CELL
Special Dispatch to Th» Can.
AUBURN, Dec 11.— Weber at» two
hearty meals to-day. He usually eats
but one. He remarked to Jailer Fulton
that he was feeling fine. Last night
he danced a two-step in his cell to the
music of a harmonica, play ad by a
fellow prisoner.
Attorneys Grove L. Johnson and
Fred P. Tuttle have been employed to
assist Attorneys Pull en and Tabor in
the defense.
Do You Wont a Trunk
At a moderate price? One that looks
good and is Rood, or a traveling set? We
have them all In the best material and
lowest prices. Sanbojn. Vail & Co., 741
Market street. Open evenings. •
SIav Cruiser Returning Homeward.
BREST, Dec. 11. — A Russian cruiser
has been sighted passing Ushant going
in a' northwesterly direction. It is sup
posed that the vessel is returning to
Russia.
Christmas Fountain Pens.
We are selling: agents and sole agents
for the best fountain pens in the world.
Prices. $1.00. $2.00. $2.60. up to $7.50.
Satisfaction or money returned. San
born, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street •
Fatal Riot at Batons.
LONDON, Dec. 12.— A dispatch from
St. Petersburg to a news agency reports
that In a recruiting riot at Batom on
Saturday several persons were killed or
wounded.
34
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF AL AMED A
POLICE UNABLE TO DISCOVER TRACE
OF GIRL'S ABDUCTOR.
Miss Bertlia Condon's Brutal Assailant Leaves No Clew
Adds to the List of Late Berkeley Outrages
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
214S Center Street, Dec. 11.
Diligent search made by Marshal
Kerns' men for the assailant of Miss
Bertha Condon, whose thrilling ex
perience has stirred all of North Berke
ley, has failed to find trace of the crim
inal. Armed men have patrolled the
Santa Fe railroad track from Berkeley
to 6chmlttsvlll«, at which latter point
the girl says she mad* her escape from
her abductor, but absolutely no clew
to the daring wretch who kidnaped her
can be discovered.
Miss Condon, who la kept in bed by.
her mother, at her home, 1616 Delaware
ttreet, until all the effects of her hor
rible experience have passed away, re
peated to-day the story of the assault
upon her by a strange man, who way
laid her as che came from school last
Friday afternoon, and In the telling of
it varied not at all from the version she
first recited.
Deputy Marshal Carey spent nearly
the entire day yesterday working on
the case, his principal effort being to
learn from persons living along, the
railroad what they saw on Friday af
ternoon In their neighborhood at the
time the girl says she was abducted
and dragged along the track.
Of sll the persons questioned, none
can recall seeing or hearing anything
unusual at the time mentioned and this
BAPTISTS END
JUBILEE WEEK
Celebration of Fiftieth An
niversary of First Church
of Oakland Closes Happily
Oakland Office San Franlcsco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 11.
The Jubilee celebration of the First
Baptist Church of Oakland, which be
gan last Sunday In honor of the fif
tieth anniversary of its organization,
came to an end this evening, the close
of the celebration being marked
by a Jubilee praise service conducted
by- the_ Rev, Homer J. Vosburgh. In
the morning the Rev. C. Al Wooddy,
D. D.. of Portland, Ore., addressed
the congregation; taking as his topic
"Fifty Fruitful Tjjgars in Church, Btat«
and Nation."
After speaking briefly of. the great
progress made by the United States
and tbe State of California, Dr. Wood
dy outlined the history of the Baptist
church on the Pacific Coast during
the last half century. In part. Dr.
Wooddy ppoke as follows: !
The first church pi the Baptist denomination
to be e«ULbli8he<l on the i'tx:i:ic Q>ast was
cjinniaed In a little town In Oregon In 1647.
wlLh leaa Uula fifty members. There <lt» now
fn the Pacinc CoaFt ttUU Baptist, churches,
with a touti membership ot sumetbinf more
than 4U. (.•».». V, b©n this church v.aa organized
■City yeaai ago ther* were but 800 members
of the Baptist church in the entire BU.t« of
California. Tto-dajr there u» 20,000 members
in tne State, a«arl>- one-half of th» entire
membership on th« Faci&o Coast.
la Um United states to-<3»y thera are In
round numbers 5.000.0U0 members of th« Bap
tist church, and tha amount raised by lh«
church «ach rear for missionary purposes is
about {2.0>jO,ooo. When the First tta^Uat
Church of Oakland was established the Amer
ican Baptist Horn* Miesian&ry Society raised
ail told in the United States (30,000 each year.
Ttt« j ear and far Us years paat, the sain* so
ciety has cpent that amount annually in Cali
fornia, alone.
Thes* thloe* show the progT— made- by tb«
church during the last half cealury, and w*
should feel proud to know that our church has
not fallen behind ia th* advanc* ot btato and
cation.
At the close of the morning service
special exercises were held for the
Sunday school and at 6:30 -p. rn. a
young people's rally was conducted by
A. W. Rider.
The closing sermon was preached
by the Rev. H. J. Vosburgh, whose
subject was "Our Place in God's
Plan." Mr. Vosburgh paid a high
tribute to the founders of the church
scd to those who had born* the bur
den of the work during Its early days.
In closing he said:
ft»B tit words of th» Ninetieth. (Fsajra. six
teenth tots*, which correctly translated *ar»:
'•fchow thy servants thy work and their chil
dren thy rlory." th* thought or th» Psalmist
is that God elves work to ot» ¥ generation and
chows th« g-lory of It to the succeeding g-ener
atlons. Xo workman s*es th* full- glory of his
work. Our Pilgrim Fathers did th* work God
e&v« then to Co, llttls dreamier of its mag
dflceEt consequences. Bo It WMwwJth the
founders of this church, and so It wfU bo with
Nothing Simple About life.
The author of "The Simple Life" dur
ing his travels In our country will see
"how for Americans cro to the other ex
treme with their "living." The simple
life In Washington is a very complex
sort of existence, and as a people we
keep on piling up cares and troubles,
regardless of expense or what Rev. Dr.
Charles Wagner has to say on the
charm of true simplicity. In fact, the
phase is becoming obsolete. There is no
more simple life for us, not even in the
backwoods.— Boston Herald.
APYERTISJEarEXTS.
You 11 Know
When you, get the grip.' but you won't
know bow it happened — no one does. .
You won't care. You will be too mis-
erable. But you will be intensely Inter-
ested in -how to pet -rid of it. ■ • . • ■ *
How to stop' those cold chills from
chafing: up and down the spine, the In-
cessant pains -in the limbs and back,
jiausca. coughing fits, sneezing, discharge
from the eyes and nose, muscular pains
and that brain-racking headache.
The beat treatment known for this
dreadful affliction is
Dr. Miles' Nervine -
Dr. Miles' Nervine cures by building
up the nervous system and destroyini?
tlie germs which poison the blopd. If
taken when first symptoms appear is al-
most a sure preventive. '■""' " *
"I suffered several weeks with Grip,
nnd nothing I took seemed to benefit m*.
I Buffered almost death, until I tried Dr.
Mi!'-s' Re«toratt\'e Nervine. From' the
first day I felt better. It relieved my
misery and pain, and pave me an appe-
tite and in a few days I had fully recov-
ered." — MBS.OEO. B. HALL, Ht Lee
etr^t. Jackson. Tenn. V'-j '
Th* first bottlf will, benefit if not, the
druggist will return your money.
seems strange to. the police. Although
the district through which the girl was
dragged by her captor is sparsely
settled, still there are some houses and
persons are to be found along the line
occasionally. That none of these should
know aught of the affair in which Miss
Condon figured, despite the screaming
she says she did, has puzzled the offi
cers.
i It is not doubted by the police that
1 an assault was attempted, for, daring
as such an act may have been, it is evi
dent from the cycle of criminal aots
which have occurred In Berkeley dur
ing the last week that some desperate
characters are harbored In the quiet
college town. The criminal acts re
ferred to, all occurring within a week,
include the breaking of an .express
company's safe; the attempt at bur
glary In Otto Putzker's bicycle store,
the hold-up of two Italians by two
negroes at Center and Addison streets,
the attempted assault upon the two
daughters of H. Herr in "West Berke
ley by a negro and this latest affair In
which Miss Condon and an unknown
man figure.
The race track crowd is credited with
the responsibility for most of these
criminal acts and Marshal* Kerns' men,
in their attempts at apprehending the
offenders, are giving particular atten
tion to the neighborhood where the
racing devotees flourish, on the borders
of Berkeley.
WANTS ANOTHER
MAN ON BENCH
Bar Association Favors Taw
Authorizing Appointment
of Xew District Judge
After discussing thoroughly the tie
up of cases in the United States
courts owing to an overcrowded cal
endar, the Bar Association has decided
that the best rheans of relief is the ap
pointment of another District Judge for
the Northern District of California. A
memorial to Congress has been pre*
pared and the passage of a bill au
thorizing the appointment "of another
Judge will be urged.
The pressure of business in the Cir
cuit Court of Appeals has for a long
time been bo great that the Judges
have been compelled to devote almost
their entire time to the Appellate
Court to the exclusion of other busi
ness. The time xif the District Judges,
it Is said, is fully occupied by the busi
ness of the District Court and owing
to the distance of other District Judges
from San Francisco outside assistance
can be obtained only with great Incon
venience.
Among the relief measures suggest
ed is a bill providing for the division
of the district, with separate Judges
clerks and other officers. This meas
ure is not looked upon with favor by
the Bar Association as it believes there
is no necessity for an additional dis
trict within this territory and still
less for an additional clerk, marshal
and other court officers, as it Is not
believed this would accomplish the end
Bought.* The appointment of an ad
ditional District Judge to act in the
Circuit Court, will, it is said, be more
satisfactory.
After reciting existing conditions the
memorial says:
It Tollows that this work of th« Circuit
Court must fall upon the District Judges. Th«
District Judire for the Northern I>i*trict of
California \m occupied In his own court with
admiralty and bankruptcy questions which
arJsa from th« great shipping- interests of San
Francisco Bay and vicinity and the large mer
cantile business of the communities around
that bay.
The result has been that the calendar of the
Circuit Court of the Northern District of
California has become crowded with cases
awaltlrg trial. • ; .
A brief review of the calendar as called for
the November term of the present year will
demonstrate this:
. It appear* from the calendar that there
were ninety-seven causes In equity pending
and at lssusv in which testimony was then be
ing taken. There were sixty-five cases at law
at Issue and awaiting- trial. It Is estimated
hr the clerk of the .court that a cause In
equity will g-enerally require a day on final
hearinc. and that the averare time for the
trial of a case at law Is three days. In ad
dition to this, the court Is required to devote
at least one day a Week to the hearing- of Its
law and motion calendar.
It will thus be seen that it will require
some 292 days, or approximately one year and
a half,' of continuous sitting*, for the Circuit
Court to dispose of Its present calendar, al
lowing no i time for vacations, and assuming
that no new cases whatever were . brought on
for haarlns; during; that period. Such a situa
tion Is Intolerable. It prohibits litigants from
havlnr the speedy hearing- to which they are
entitled by the Federal conetltution, and
ampunts to. a. denial of justice. -
TAKES HIS. TEXT FROM i THE
LINES OF. VOLTVER TWIST"
• "I am eager to know what propor
tion of this audience is made up of na
tive San Franciscans. All those men
who are strangers in this, city .will
please' hold up their hands."
This request was addressed, to men
present yesterday afternoon at the reg
ular Sunday afternoon meeting of the
Young Men's Christian Association by
Secretary Ellis. Nearly every hand in,
the hall went up and there was much
laughter at the small minority of na-:
tive-born citizens.' "It Is quite evident
from this," said the secretary, "that
the Toung Men's 1 Christian 'Association
Is well attended by strangers."
S The address of the afternoon was
delivered by the Rev. William Rader,
who recently returned from an extend
ed European trip. His /subject was
"The Triumphs of the, Good," select-
Ing the main points of his address
from the novel, "Oliver Twist!" After
giving. a short sketch of the. character,
Mr. Rader said in 'part:' .
- There are- swerai- lessons that can be drawn
from the life of Oliver Twist: First it is
unnecessary' to eay that the evils of city life
for cur- boys outweigh the good. , Our. cities
are fast becoming overcrowded with boys ' I
believe that half of the boys arid young, men
of San Francisco ehould b* sent Into the coun
try, because there. . Is , not . enough work , here
for them to do. There are too many young men
In this city, living from I hand td mouth. Sec
ond. God has great respect 'for the Rood in a
man. The poor man who *trucgle«'to develop
the smallest Rood In him Is deserving- of far
more respect than the person surrounded with
all kinds of luxury. Save our boys ' from evil
and you will save the tuition. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALU, - MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1904. *
FOILS FOOTPAD
AFTER BATTLE
Plucky Pedestrian /Bests One
Lone Robber in Lively En
counter in East Oakland
DETECTIVES ON WATCH
Police Think the Same High
• wayman Is Responsible for
Three Consecutive Holdups
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 11.
J. B. Duarte, residing at 403y a East
Twelfth street,' vanquished a footpad
this morning after a hot battle with
the lone robber, who began his attack
while Duarte -was walking along East
Twelfth street, between Second and
Third avenues." ,,"■'.
. It was shortly, after 2 o'clock "that
the pedestrian encountered the high
wayman, who suddenly appeared in
front of Duarte from the shadow of
trees that line the sidewalk. The foot
pad leveled a ■ pistol at the surprised
man and ordered him to throw up his
hands. Duarte threw up his ' hands,
but . instead of submitting quiet
ly to being searched' the' victim grap
pled with the robber, knocked his pis
tol out of his hands and fought with
all of "his . might. • Jyj
The men hammered away for a few
minutes, until the footpad managed
to free himself from his plucky antag
onist, grabbed his pistol and run.
Duarte ma'de no attempt to pursue the
fleeing highwayman, being satisfied to
have balked the thief In his attempt to
get money. As soon as Duarte arrived
at home he. reported the scrimmage to
the police, and gave a fair description
of his assailant. '
Detectives < Holland and Shorey took
up the investigation. They are satis
fied that Duarte's man was the same
single-handed prowler who held up R.
H. Bailey at 7 o'clock last evening and
robbed him. of. a. watch and $10 at
Nineteenth and Harrison streetB and
also attacked W.,H. Britton two hours
later at -Thirteenth and West 1 streets,
taking a little silver coin. : The gen
eral descriptions given by the three
men of their assailant agree..
Kixmrs description ...
.IS CAREFULLY^ TAKEN.
Police. Record • Physical Peculiarities
of the Alleged Murderer of
• . ,-•' '.P&trolman ■' Smith.'.- " * .
-OAKLAND. Dec.- 11. — David Klnlry,
who has .been held for. trial without
bail on a charge of. murdering Police
man James H. Smith, was put through
a searching physical examination to
day at the City Prison. A detailed de
scription of his. person was, taken for
the municipal police records." Photo
graphs will be made of the prisoner
to-morrow morning for registry In
the "rogues' gallery."
As soon as the- police have com
pleted tnis work they will transfer
Kiniry to the County Jail, where he
will be held pending trial in the Su
perior Court. Klnlry has made no
move toward engaging an attorney. It
Is not likely that his trial will be set
before February. Thirty days* time
Is allowed the District Attorney to file
an Information after the record of
commitment for trial has been filed
with the County, Clerk.
BROTHER OF THE IiATE
SENATOR DEXISOX DIES
Aged Pioneer . AVas Connected With
News Company That Operated on
Southern Pacific System.
OAKLAND, Dec. 11. — Harry Denl
son, for many years associated with
his brother, the late Senator Eli S.
Denison, in the Denison News Com
pany, died to-day at the Denison resi
dence, 953 Eighth street, after an ill
ness of several months. .
Denison came to California from
New York, his native State, many
years ago. He had resided in Oak
land since 1869. During his brother's
lifetime he was active In the affairs
of the news company, which handled
the sale of merchandise on the South
ern Pacific Company's lines. Of late
Denison had been living quietly owing
to ill health. He was 75 years old.
Joseph Denison, a' brother, survives.
The funeral will be held, to-morrow
afternoon from the Denisorr residence.
ARRESTED ON A CHARGE r
OP CRUELTY TO' ANIMALS.
J. O. Qulnlan, a Veterinary Surgeon,
Is Accused of Docking IlprseV
Tall In Uvery Stable. '
. J. C. Quinlan, a. veterinary Burgeon
who is also employed by the Chinese
Immigration Bureau, was , arrested
yesterday afternoon on a charge of
cruelty to animals. He was released
on $10 cash bail. •■• . . • : '
Quinlan is accused, of -docking a
horse's tail at a livery stable, 72 Dore
street. The amputated portion of the
tail will be produced in evidence. > He
will be prosecuted under the:. State
law which makes docking a" horse's
tail a misdemeanor. . ' :':.'
I "This is the/ first case of the kind,"
said Officer McCurrle, "as the' rich
people who have the • tails of their
horse's docked . take care to f have it
done in San Mateo County. ; I have
seen the horse; with ita ,' bleeding
stump. Quinlan gave as an\ excuse
that the. horse was in, the. habit "of
throwing its tall over: the reins, but I
told him he could have used a strap
to prevent it. He denies performing
the operation himself, but' I have wit
nesses who saw him do': it."
CARPENTERS ELECT OFFICERS. — Ala
meda, Dec. J 1. — Carpenters' Union , No. 194 , of
this city has -elected'^ the ■ following officers:
President, •; J. Davles; 'vice president, • F.
Thompson; "recording secretary, J. E. Lewis;
financial secretary. W.< Remmls; treasurer, J.
Hammond; conductor,' J. Larkln; , warden P.
J. Hanson; trustees, Messrs. Hanson, Voll'rnar
and Bird; delegates to district council. Messrs.
Hanson and Bird. » These officers -.will' be in
stalled on January. 6, when a banquet nil 1 also
be held. :Z¥l?**3W&Et£iaBlKf&*: -
, '.'Tourem says it only takes a cent to
run his auto a, mile.".; , ;
"I : always wondered .what the scent
was for."— Cleveland Plain Dealer.':
OMIT SPELLING,
SAYS HILGARD
University Professor Would
Beplace One of "Three
BV 'With Nature Study
EDUCATORS GIVE VIEWS
Legislature Will Be Asked
to, Make Provision for
the Desired Instruction
Berkeley Office Ban Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 11.
Educators who are interested In na
ture study In the public schools met for
a conference on the subject in North
Hall/on the university grounds, yester
day morning. Addresses were made by
prominent members of the university
faculty and other teachers, and resolu
tions intended for, presentation to the
State Legislature were adopted. .
Among those who j spoke were Pro
fessor W. E. Hllgard, Professor Elmer
E. Brown, Professor W. J. V. Oater
hout and others. The resolutions adopt
ed declared it the sense of the confer
ence that provision should be made at
the Stats Universltv for a course of
special training designed : to prepare
Itinerant teachers of nature- study ag
riculture and subjects for their
work of instruction, and that an act
should be passed by the Legislature
providing for the appointment of com
petent deputy superintendents to su
pervise this instruction in the element
ary schools, and providing for a special
bureau of Information with reference
to the teaching of nature study, under
the direction of the State University.
Professor Hilgard in his address re
ferred to the statement occasionally
made that too many things are now
sought to be crowded Into the common
school curriculum. He said that many
of these "too 'many things" were quite
unnecessary, and mentioned spelling aa
one of those that might give way to
nature study. He said the best results
In nature study would come from
actual contact with plant life, animal
life and geological subjects.
SOCIETY PLANS
IN THE ISLE CITY
FOR HOLIDAYS
ALAMEDA, Dec. 11.— "Bethlehem." a na
tivity play by Laurence Hausman, will be pre
sented in Notre Dame Hall on Thursday even-
Ing; December 22, by ' the students of ' Notre
Dame Academy. ' Participating in* th« per
formance will' be the following youns ladies:
Mlsseg Genevleve Mahony, Katherine Court
ney, Sarah Turner, Hazel Kllgore. Helen Hoy t,
Irene Smith, Wanda Tweedle, Janet Painter,
Annette Hennlngs, Mabel Luttrell, Marie Hoss,
8arah Rlskln, Dora Koenlg, Ruth Griswold,
Alice Hughes, .Wllhelmtna i Arias, Geraldine
McC'allan, Vivian Morrison, Mildred Foster,
Pearl Hunter, Margaret Durney. Olga Schu
man, Vers, Hunt, Margery Htnnings, Elizabeth
Larkey, Louise Rheln, Bessie Vlerra. Char
lotte O'Neill, Agnes Scholten, Pauline Painter,
Blanche Le Gallet,' Mercedes Mendizabel.
Katherine Ryan, Sophie Koordt, Ursula
Bcholten, Mary Hickey. Ramona Bennett, Ger
trude Hughes, Clalr Bolan, Nellie McMahon,
Emma Code, Claudlna Foster, Margaret Me-
Ellin, Sibyl Cohen, Irene Leaman. Mary
Smith, Josephine Wall, Margaret McCorquedale,
Boeelyn ; . Cohen. Angela Smith, Genevleve
Hayes, ■ Juanlta Heck, Lois Sharp, Aloyse
Wolf, Miriam Mendizabel, Cally Blckford, Vir
ginia Bensoul, Helen Larkey. Rose Larkey,
Catherine Power, Theresa Scholten, Margaret
Smith, Mary de Bernardi, Louise O'Neill, Ma
ria Le Gallet. Edanla Smith, Minnie Kist,
Vivian Tweedle, Vivian Morrison, Louise Pa
rodi, Genevi.eve Chandler. Helen Barr.
Isle City Council of the Young Ladies' In-
Btltute ' will install " its newly, elected officers
In Lafayette Hall to-morrow night.
Congressman Joeeph R. Knowiand is ex
pected home from Washington on the 22d of
this month to spepd the holiday season with
hie family. ■' . ' .
There will be a "Christmas meeting" given
by the Friday Evening Assembly In Harmonic
Hall on the evening . of .the 23d. The . patnvi
esses of the affair are Mrs. K. K. Field,. Mrs.
George H. Mastlck, Mrs. W. A. ■ Blseell, Mrs.
George II. Murdock, Mrs. 'S. J. Conger and
Mrs. E. F. Gerald. ;
Miss Grace Reynolds gave a tea Thursday
evening in honor of Miss Clara Innes of Clay
ton and Miss Kerr of Elk Grovo, who were
her guests last week. Sixty were bidden to
the party. •'.
Santa Claus will visit tha mpmbers of the
Alameda Boating Club- at a high jinks to be
held- on Christmas eve. -The following have
charge of the arrangements for the appearance
of the welcome man with the presentw: John
.T. Hammond, E. B. Thornlng. George A. llil
ler, John Trainor and George Tupper.
Company G lg planning to give a serleti of
whist tournaments) during- the -winter season.
The committee in charg« of the programme
consists of Sergeant E. W. Anderson. Lieuten
ant Rushton McConnell and Private Charles
Forster.
DISTINGUISHED PKIEST HERE.
Father Alexander Doyle Delivers Ser
inou at St. MJiry's (PauILst): .
The Rev. Father Alexander P.
Doyle, president of the Apostolic Mis
sionary College. Washington, D. C,
preached yesterday morning at the 1.1
o'clock mass in St. Mary's (Paulist)
Church. • .
He drew a graphic comparison be
tween the mission : of St. John the
Baptist, as described • in the Gospel;
the Apostles and the missionaries, who
to-day,, he said, declare the di
vine-message which alone can bring
practically to the hearts of men that
boon which the Savior of mankind
gave to the world.
jfj He drew a vivid historical picture
of the state of society when the Gos
pel, was first announced; und from it
inferred , that to-day in this country
there exists a -condition .most favor
able for the revival and spread of
those truths- which for 1900. years
have^been the pource of strength and
virtue? for the nations. ,;■.
."•Father ■ Doyle, is : a; native of this
city.^and . when . 18 years of age he
went to New .York 'and joined the
Paulist Fathers. He was ordained a
priest in 1880 : in , New York and ; was
the first native son of San Francisco
ever ordained to the priesthood.- Fa
ther Doyle ' will preach in St;
seph's Church next Sunday night. V
Christmas Leather Goods.
. No charge for lettering your name' in
gold on pocketbooks, card cases, cameras,
wrist bags, traveling sets, trunks, valises
and dress suit cases, or any other fine
leather Roods -'.purchased "at our store.
Open evenings/ Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741
Market .street. , .' ■ • •
MRS. M. W. ■• RANDOLPH'S DEMISE.— Ala
meda, Dec. , 11. — Mrs. M. W. Randolph, widow
of theMate RevTT; LT r Randolph and mother of
former City Trustee D, . U. Randolph, passed
away Friday *t F the | Presidio in San Francl«co,
where she was living with her son. Major Ran
dolph. .The ■ latter ' la seriously, HI and doubts
ar* entertained, as to his recovery.
-.BREAKS COLLAR-BONE.'— Oakland,- Dec. ;
U- — T,jM. White, colored, ■ residing: at Seventh
and Wood streets, 'fell this ; morning " and • broke
his collar-bone. . .The injury was treated at the
Receiving Hospital. iflERHflH&Bi
BETTER HARBOR
IS DEMANDED
Oakland Board of Trade Be
gins Campaign to Obtain
Necessary > Improvements
REALTY MARKET ACTIVE
Holiday Season Has Little
Effect. Upon Demand for
Alameda County Property
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,
, 1016 Broadway, Dec. 11.
Knowing that the development of
Oakland I harbor meant an Increase in
the number of factories, ' docks and
warehouses along the Oakland water
front, the Oakland Board of Trade has
begun a campaign for the Improvement
of the harbor. The first step was taken
last Friday, when Edwin Stearng, sec
retary of the board, and E. C. Sessions
left for Washington to attend the com
ing, session of the Congressional River
and - Harbor 'Committee, and present
the facts in regard^ to the needed de
velopment. This effort of the Board of
Trade has received the indorsement of
Governor Pardee, the California Pro
motion Committee, the State Board of
Harbor Commissioners, and other or
ganizations about the bay.
During the last month many inquiries
have been j received by the Board, of
Trade from Eastern business men and
manufacturers, relating to prices of
business property, available manufac
turing sites, and transportation facil
ities. The writers of these communi
cations have expressed a desire to set
tle in Oakland.
The local real estate market con
tinues active In spite of the fact that
people are now busy with preparations
for the holidays.
The Realty Bonds and Finance Com-,
pany held a successful auction of busi
ness property, yesterday, all tha hold
ings bringing good prices.
The Realty. Syndicate reports a num
ber of large sales of residence property
in the Central Piedmont and Piedmont
Springs tracts, among which are the
following:
To II. O. Palen. of Milton, Bradley * Co..
lot 100x125 feet on Monteeito avenue, near
Blair avenue. . r - . .
To J. W. Doubleday of Sloan & Co.. lot 53x
125 feet, corner of Park way and Hillside ave
nue. . ' . , . '' .
To W. D. Reed of Oakland, lot 60x201 fe«t
on Draeceua' avenue. ' • . '
ToL. C. Williams, lot 125x123 f««t on cor
ner of Kutrclla and Ramona avenues, i .
To Walter Wayta of San San Francisco, lot
94x163 leet-on corner of Blair and Hillside
avenuea. • ,-..•- - ■ -. -"■ .
■ To- R. Chapman of Ban Francisco, lot 17Sx
160 feet on corner of Sheridan and. Sierra ave
nues.' • -v. • ■,-..:• . -
To* QranvlHe Abbott of .Nevada, lot 100x150
feet, corner of Sheridan and Highland avenuea.
' The Polytechnic Business College
has been ■ moved from, its temporary
quarters In Maple Hall to the new
King building, where, it will be per
manently, located.
Rives M- Baker, son of George W.
Baker, has opened a real estate and in
surance office in Oakland.
The Independence Square District
ImprovementoClub will hold an election
of officers on Friday, December 16.
ALAMEDA, Dec. . 11.— With the close
of the present year more homes hav#
betn erected here than during any
year of the last decade, and local realty
dealers and builders expect that the
coming year will see the record of
1894, nearly one hundred and fifty resi
dences, surpassed. MUny of the local
realty dealers and contractors have
plans ready for new homes and are
waiting the close of the holiday season
before beginning work. There is a
steady. and increasing demand for mod
ern cottages of six and seven rooms
that rent for from $20 to $25 a -month.
Concerning business .with the Alame
da Land Company, Frank N. Dodd of
that firm saiS: , '
We are experiencing an unprecedented, in
quiry from outsiders for Alameda real estate.
There Is a n>arked improvement in the condi
tion of the market. Many Investors and those
seeking homos are contemplating settling In
thin city. Many beautiful homes are now in
course of construction throughout Alameda, and
desirable building lots are daily becoming more
yalunbl«». Several cottages and flats are abcut
to be erected on Central avenue, near Chestnut
street. The 1 promised improvement In our. roads
and the completion of a beautiful new depot at
the narrow gauge terminus Is positive guaran
tee of a new system of electricity through our
streets.- Alameda will then surpass any city
of its size in the world. Investor*, speculators
or home seekers can mak« no mistake to pur
chase within the city limits, as the future of
fers us every encouragement and the accom
plishment of our mest sanguine, expectations.
The opportunities were never better than they
are at present. The realty market -is sound
and healthy. .',,.'
Hammond •& * Hammond report a
steady inquiry for cottages to rent and
they always have a waiting list of
those seeking to obtain a cozy home in
Alameda. This firm also reports that
because of the demand for modern con
veniences in residences many owners of
houses that have been built for some
years are making alterations to the
buildings to meet the -requirements of
tenants.
Charles Adams & Co. of Bay Station
have negotiated several important
transfers during the last few weeks
and oxpeot to be busy after New
Year's day.
William Dufour recently effected the
sal* of the large lot at the southeast
corner of Santa Clara avenue and Wil
low street to John J. Ormsby. j The
purchaser intends to build on the lot to
Satisfy the needs of the tenant. i.
r A. R. Denke of the West End has
disposed of a number of houses and
lots west of Fifth street and is prepar
ing- to do much building after the holi T
day season. "'•'■. ,.
INDIAN IS* ACQUITTED
OF MURDER -. BY >A -JURY
'. REDDING, Dec. . 1 L— Af ter being
but twenty hours' the jury in the case
of* Frank Charles, charged with the
murder of his wife, brought in a ver
dict' of acquittal- to-day.* Charles is
ar./Indian. His wife 'was ■ a' quarter
breed Indian. She died and ,waa
buried by J\ her husband. " When the
Coroner exhumed s the "body wounds
were found on the ■ head and the' hus
band was suspected of : ; having beaten
her to ' death. He! 'testified' that he
was ' carrying her : on "his : back'lacross
a stream when his slipped and she fell,
striking': her head on a stone.
COMPLETE TOUR
OF WATERSHEDS
Engineers Finish Inspection
of the Holdings of the
Bay Cities Water Company
ASSEMBLE MANY FACTS
Collect Data Upon Which a
Report Will Be Rendered
to Oakland City Council
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 11.
City Engineer F. C. Turner, A. M.
Hunt and J. B. Howells, composing
the board of engineers selected to in
spect the Bay Cities Water Company's
properties, have returned from their
tour of the watersheds from which the
company purposes to get a supply for
the city of Oakland. The engineers
spent four days traversing the hills
and valleys back of Mount Hamilton,
which form the basis of the Bay Cities'
water project.
The commission visited the dam and
reservoir sites, inspected the ridges and
the streams, took many observations
and collected a mass of data bearing
upon the engineering problems, the
sufficiency of supply and the character
of the country. Close attention was
given the conditions in the Santa Ysa
bel and the Arroyo del Valle sections,
these forming the two main arteries of
the company's holdings, so far as Oak
land's interests are concerned. Much
of the data was gathered for the pur
pose of comparisons with the figures
and statements that have been sub
mitted to the City Council by the Bay
Cities Water Company engineers.
The engineers worked into the water
sheds by wary of Smith Creek, coming
out through the Arroyo del Valle and
following the company's projected pipe
lines south of Llvermore.
Before a report will be ready for sub
mission to the City Council the engi
neers will check up all the company's
figures from their own observations to
ascertain whether the former are cor
rect. City Engineer Turner saJd to
day he was doubtful whether a report
could be prepared In less than two
weeks. Concerning the trip, Turner
said:
. In view of the fact that the board was ap
pointed to make a report to the City Council,
I am not at liberty to comment on what we
eaw 4urlngr our tour. The trip was a rough
one and at times we suffered considerably from
the cold, being compelled to camp out most of
the time. Nothing concerning the inspection
will be made public until the report has been
submitted to the City Council.
Raskin Club Gives Dinner.
OAKLAND, Dec. 11. — A students*
evening was given by the Ruskin Club
last night. A number of those attend
ing the State University and several
members of the faculty were present.
About fifty sat down to dinner, which
was given "at the Hotel Metropole.
Jack London', acted .as" toastmaster.
The round table on the . "Socialists'
Appeal*'- was led by the Rev. Herbert
P. Briggs and the paper of the even
ing was read by Austin Lewis.
New System Is on Improvement.
BERKELEY, Dec. 11. — Dr. Rhein
hardt In a lecture yesterday said that
the new system of handling affairs
at the university gymnasium had
worked wonders. He especially re
ferred to the method of providing
towels for the "gym." He said the
plan of exacting a fee from the stu
dent for towels and supplying him
each day with a clean one had the
effect of preventing the skin disease
that was prevalent last term.
. '. . . '...' •
Issued on This is a copy of
—^ i I q one of the famous
DeCemper lO f paintings from the
_ u Palace of Fine Arts
"k* at the Louisiana
CHRISTMAS Purchase Exposi.
: ; tion. This remark-
CAL.L. able painting is the
work of Franz Cour-
Will present its tens, . who has de-
readers with the 5 ict f ec J ,7 it^ v , won -
d erf ul effect the soft
Art Supplement lights of dusk as
entitled they iliumihe^the
branches and trunk
/Sp^Q " of a fine old spread-
**^ the sheep quietly
' browsing.
"The sun, reluctantly sinking, strugglingly tries to stay
The progress of twilight shadows and prolong the beautiful day.
Beneath a tree in the meadow are huddled the- lambs and sheet>;
The birds in the branches are mute and nature is going to sleep."
1h8 A. really beautiful
J^uri'lCXM AQ ■ "~ picture and worthy,
r-AI r ~ ° f ° fraine in °&
. . . \jJ\tLfl^ \ .. home.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAXD.
1016 Broadway."
Telephone Main I0SX
BERKELEY.
214S Center Street.
Telephone North 77.
ALAMEDA,
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alameda County.
SATURDAY. DECEMBER 10.
Edward and Eusie J. Pierce to James A. and
Ella I>. Reynolds, lot on W line of Willow
street. 25:7 8 of Atlantic. S 23 by W 73. lot
20, block 403. map Gibbons property at Oak
land Point. Oakland: $10.
Edward L. Brings (widower) to Clara A.
Collins (wife of Frank A.), lot on S line of
Eleventh street. 143 E of Castro, E 80 by 9
100. lots 12. 13. 14 and portion of lot 11. block
147. Kellersberger's map. Oakland; gift.
Carl Jeschlen to Fred L. Button, lot on NW
corner of Thirty-eighth (Weston avenue) and
Gold streets. N 120, W 41.43. S 123.14, E 41.04,
let 7, block C. map resubdlvision of Westoa
Tract. Oakland: $10.
J. S. and Jennie Nicholas (wife) to SaxaA
A. Robinson (wife of D. W.), lot on N Una of
Eaat Fourteenth street, 180 W of Twenty
sixth avenue. W 4u by N 120, portion of lota
24 and 23. block A, map '■»♦'"'" Tsrrac%
deed and agreement. Brooklyn Township; $10.
Louis Titus to Rudolph J. and Huso A.
Tausst-, tots 9 and 10, map Unlveralt/
Heights, Oakland Township: $10.
W. J. and Grace EX Mortimer to V. A,
Humphrey, lot 1, block D. map Tuohy**, S«o»
ond -Addition to Berkeley, Oakland Township*
$10.
Katl» and Hymaa Klr»ehbrsun and Meyer
Greenbers (by J. B. Lavnktree. eonunisstoner>
to Lucy E. Glunz, lot on SB corner of Pactflo
avenue (Dove) and Hlbbard (P«rch) strsata, E3
108 by S 100. lota 11 to 13 and strip S Ay 100
adjoining said lots on E, block 38, map. Town
Encinal Land adjacent. Alameda: $3S50. •
Philip and Elizabeth O. Collischonn (w1f*>
to Katherine G. and Margaret L. Parlne. lot
en W line of Oak street. 70 N of Fifth, N SO by
W 100. lot 19 and portion lot 20. block 123*
Kellerstwrsfor's map. Oakland; $10.
George L.. Lewis (widower) to Joa«ph P.
Parker, let on SW corner Central avenue ana
Fountain street, W 117 :«% by S 190:7H. Oaky
land; quitclaim deed; $1.
George Palmer (by Harlow P. Bancroft, at*
torney) to Mary A. Alvarea. lot 24, block U
map Santa Fe Tract No. 3, Oakland, deed and
agreement- $10.
Harlow P. Bancroft to same, lot 16, block J.
Santa Fa Tract No. 2. same; $10.'
Same to Jacob Bruner. lot 9, block M <4O by
135). Santa Fe Tract No. 4. Oakland: $10.
Sarah A. McKee (widow) (by 8. B. McKe*.
attorney) to Malene O. C. Gundersen (wife ef
O. C). lot on 8 line of Sixty-first street. 1*5
K of Grove. E 40 by S 133. lot 25. block 0. map
Santa F* Tract 5. Oakland, dn«d and agree
ment; $10.
M. F. Sullivan to Martin H. Wllkens. lot on
?? line of Oolden Gate avenue. SO E of Bak**r.
E 50 by N 125. lot 2. Mock 8. amended map
Butler Tract. Oakland; $23<>.
Martin H. and Orlean M. Wilkens to Hans
L. Heyer same. Oakland: $10.
Millie E. and Orville D. Baldwin to George
Tashelra. lot on W line of Humboldt or Tele
graph avenue. 70.07 S of Woolsey strett. S
70.<W. W 107.11, N B7.5, E 125.9». lot 0 and
portion of lot 8. block 2. map O. D. Baldwin'*
subdivision of portion of Woolsev Tract. Oak
land: $10.
Berkeley Development Company to Robert
P. FabJ, lot 3, block 8. Fairview Park. etc..
deed and agreement. Oakland: lift.
William A. and Nancy E. Donaldson to An
drew B. Christensen,' lot on W line of Six
teenth avenue 109 S of Tw«»nty-flrst «tr*«t. 8
33 to N line of an alley. W 01.38. NE 33.rfft.
thence on line parallel with N lin« of said
alley. 84.52 to beginning, portion lots 13 to
16, of fractional block T>7, 6an Antonio. Ea«t
Oakland: 110.
John H. Fr1s-«ell to Ella A. Frlssell, lot on
SE line of Fifteenth avenue. Ill XE of . East
Fourteenth street, NE 29 by SE 75. portion
lot* 1.2 and-3. block. 17. San Antonio. .East
Oakland; $10. . • ...
S. E. and Cyril C. Juster fhusband) to Rich
ard White, lot on W line of Piedmont avenue
(Mark street), 230 S of Parker i Kearney!. 9
6O by W 135. block 5. property ot John Kear
ney, etc.. Berkeley: *1O. <■'",. r~.
YOUNG BAPTISTS ELECT OFFICERS.—
Alameda. Dee. 11. — Officers were elected by the
San FrancUco Baptist Association, which con
vened here In the First Baptist Church last
•ventn*. as follows: President. C. tl. Lister.
Alameda: vice president, Mrs. Arthur Cald
weli, Oakland: recording secretary. Miss Ger
trude Story, San Francisco : corresponding sec
retary. Mi«i Addift Ingham. Oakland; treas
urer. Mi«5» Battle Robinson, San Francisco; su
perintendent of Junior and Intermediate work.
Miss Hazel Roberts. San Francitco. Rer.
Harry L. Bcardman of the Tenth-avenua Bap
tist Church. Oakland, addressed the mtetlng on
"A Forward Mov* of Young Peopls." ' .,;•-. .GOES OUT OF HER COURSE
TO GET SUPPLY OF COAL
Steamship Aztec, Bound to Orient
• Makes. Honolulu for Fuel.
The steamship Aztec, which sailed
from this port on November 27 for
Yokohama, put into Honolulu on Sat
urday, being short of coal. This would
indicate that the Aztec either was short
of fuel when she left this port, or
otherwise must have encountered un-
UMial!y heavy weather. Why she
needed a supply of coal from Honolulu
seems to be a mystery along the water
front. She carries a big cargo of mer
chandise for the Orient-
Sails on Final Trip.
The steasich'.p Cte'.to will tail away on Tues.
£ay «cr her f.usl trip from this port to th« Ori
ent. Eh« has b«en very popular on this route.
leeterJay mar.y friends of her officers cars*
tfowa to the *h!p to eay farewell. Officers J.
Morrison, H. R. How« »nd C. R. Tyscn were
ca board to do thm honors.
Brines Big Cargo.
Tfce American-Hawaiian steamship Alaskan
came into pert yesterday. She was seventy-one
fiays froni New York and two days from San
Diego, the krir.gs a big cargo of mlsrellanecus
faerchar.SlM. which she will begin discharging
this morning at Greenwich-street dock.
Due To-Day and To-Morrow.
Tts Oceanic Steamship Company's steamship
Vestura It due to arrive frcm Sydney via
Auckland ai>d Honolulu to-day.
The American- Hawaiian steamship Nebras
kan. rrom New Toik via San Diego, from
which last pott «he tailed en December 2. will
be due here to-morrow
The Great Northern Company's big steamer
Miraesota will be due here to-morrow. Ehe,
ccmes from Norfolk, Va . stopping at Coronel.
•
His Head Smashed
Fred Olsen got into a row en the water front
yesterday and landed In the, Harbor Emergency
Hctpltal with a smashed-up head. H« says fc«
does set krew extctly how the troubls hap
pened, but any way, from appearances, he got
the wcrst of It. He was one cf the sailers on
the whaler John and Winthrop. recently back
frcn the north.
Reinsurance List.
The Jcllcwlng art the ovenlues. with their
reinsurance rates: German ehip Neck, SO days
from Yokohama fcr Townsend. 16 per cent;
British bark Pitcalra Island, 136 days from
s-an Francisco, ror Adelaide. 20 per cent; Brit
ish Fteamer Shrewsbury. 31 days from Singa
pore for Hongkong. €5 per cent; British bark
V-niura. 116 days from Townsend for Sydney,
l<t p.. r c^nt; British bark Stork. 84 days from
Hui^n Bay for London. 60 per cent; British
i-kij> i'dith May, SI days from Ascension for St.
Jofam. 55 per cent; British bark Brier Holma.
144 Cxy* fresi Lcndcn for Hobart, 60 per cent.
Movcn.cnts of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Dua.
laqua Ean Pedro Dec. 12
:..•■■' Seattle . & Bellngh&m. . Dec. 12
Czarinm Coo» Bay Dec 12
Ntwturg Grays Harbor Dec. 12
G. I.ir.dauer.. Grays Harbor Dec. 12
Arctic Humboldt Dec. 12
Mene* Seattle [Dec. Ik
D? 1 Xcrte Crescent City !Dec. 1>
TVyefieM Oyster Harbcr IDec. 12
Chas. Ne'.scn. San Pedro Dec. 12
State cf CaJ... Ean Dleco & Way Pts. Dec 12
iJ. Dollar Grays Harbor Dec 12
Ventura 6ydney A Way Ports. Dec. 12
Vrr.atUla Pupet Sound Ports.... Dec 12
J>-ar.ie ' Seattle & Tacost .... Dec. 12
E;:r<<ka j Humbcldt Dec 12
Ncrwoofi ' Ean Pedro JDee. 12
Nebraskan... 'New Tcrk vis. S. Dlego'Dec 13
Minnesota.... I Norfolk via Coronel.... I Dec 13
)■ — I Point Arena tt A'.b!on.|Dec. 13
North Fcrk... Humfceifit IDec 13
Coror.a Humboldt Dec 13
Northland Portland & Astoria [Dec 14
Bon'.ta. Netrrort & "Way Ports'Dec 14
T. A. K •.'.' virr.- Portland & Coos Bay.lDeo. 14
Breakwater... Coos Bay Dec 15
Arcai* Coos Bay ! Dec. 13
Far.ta Roe*. ..; San Drcgo & Way Pti.^Dec. 15
Pc'.r.t Arena.. . j Meadodno * Pt. Arena'Dec i5
Arpo : Eel River Ports |Dec 15
G. W. Elder.. Pcrtland & Astoria.-.. I D«c 15
s Barbara....' Grays Harbor (Dec. 15
Poraont Humbolflt 'Dec 16
«~itv Pricing.. New York via. Ancon..!Dec. 16
F. Monica. — Orays Harbor IDec 17
MongcMa China. & Japan IDec. 17
I.I. S. Dollar.. I China & Japan Dec. 17
> Puget S^und Ports |Dec. IT
Coot Bay I San Pedro & Way Pts. (Dec. 18
Or.tralla, Grays Htrbor 'Dec 19
Neko j Hamburg Sc. Way Pts.lD*c It
Columbia. Portland & Astoria. ...|Dec 20
F»n Jost New Trrk via Ancon.. Dec 21
Aurcl-.a ' Tort! an <1 A Astoria 1 Dec 21
City Puebla. . I P\2g*t Sound Ports .... | Dee. 22
TO SAIL.
Eteanser. DeetJr.atlcn. j Sells. I Pier.
December la. I \
Varrasrfl...; Hurr.holdt 1 3 pm^Pler 27
Xationl Cy. Los Arceles Ports. 112 m Pier 2
M. TirAliT.. ! Orays Harbor I 4 pmjPler 20
Rimct I Lo« Angele* Ports.) :• am, Pier 2
C. Nt!»cn... Astoria & Pcrtlandjll am Pier 20
Pomona I Humboldt jl:30p)Pler U
Norwood....; Seattle & Tmcoma, 2 pm'Pler 2
December 13. (
Fan Pedro.. ; Humboldt 2 pmiPier 2
Czarina | Coos Bay direct... 5 j»a|Pier 8
Coos Bay...' Fan Pedro A Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Columbia..-! Aitorla & Portland 11 amlPler 24
Gaelic...... China * Japan 1 r-m Pier 40
Ne\-adaa... Hono. A Kahulul.. 3 pmfPler 23
Hesser Grays MarbT 0 pm'Pier 2
December 14. I
Nortk'.and.. ! Los Angeles Forts. 8 pm, Pier 27
Eureka 'Humboldt B am; Pier 13
Arctic | Humboldt 9 am! Pier X
December 15. |
Rainier Feattle & Bilnghm 4 pm'Pier 10
Corona Humboldt l:30p|Pier 9
Fiate of Cal Ean Diego & Way. 9 am Pit 11
Pcn:o Pt. Arena & Albion 6 pm!Pler 2
G. Dollar... Grays Harbor .... 4 pajPier lo
NewDBrg... Grays Harbor .... 4 pm Pier 10
G. Undauer Grays Harbor 4 pmjPier 10
December 16. | {
tTmattlla... Puget Sound I'orts. 11 am .Pier 9
Jeanlc Seattle & Tacoraa. 6 pm; Pier 20
December 17. j
Breakwater. Coos Bay direct... S pmlPier 8
Point Arena Point Arena 4 pmjPler 2
Arjro Eel River PorU... 4 pm'Pler 2
Arcat* Coos Bay direct.... 10 am|Pier 13
Boclta Newport & Way.. 9 amjPier 11
;.:.-.«•• I Hamburg & Way. .112 mlPler 15»
FtnMateo.. Cent. Amer. Ports.l [Pier —
>; Fork Humboldt » am'Pler 20
Flberta China & Japan.... 1 pmjPler 40
Newport N. Y. via Ancon.. 12 m Pier 40
F. Ki'.burn.. Portland & Way IPier —
December 18. I f
C. W. Elder Artorim, & rortlandlll amjPier 24
December 21. I |
Queen Puget Sound Porte.lll am'PJer 9
December 23. I *■
Ventura..^. Sydney & Way Pts.| 2 pm ! Pier 7
FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer. Destlsatlon. I Sails,
HumboMt.... Ekagwar & W*7 Porti. Dec. 13
Tara'.Icn Skagway & Way Pcrts. Dec 14
Alkl Ekagway & Way Ports. Dec. 15
Fanta Clara. .- Eeldovia &■ Way Porte. Dec. 16
Cottage City.. Skagway & Way Ports. JDec. 17
Stin, Moon and Tide.
United State* Coast and Geodetic Surrey —
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Polct. entrance to San Francisco
E*y. Publlahed by official authority cf tht
Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
tht city front (Mlseion-rtreet wharf) about 23
m'.rutf! later than at Fort Point: the height
of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAT. DECEMBER 12.
Eun rises 7-15
Fun *ets 4^51
Moon tef 10:22 p . m.
O Tlmel JTIiae] Time! Tlmel
£ Ft. Ft. Ft. 1 Ft.
t H XV\ |L Wl HW| L W|
12 4^06 4.9| 9:10! 3.11 2:4CI 4.21 9:24 06
13 4:M) 5.0 10:25 8.0] 3:47 3.7)10:07 l'l
14 8:30 5.o!ll:37 2.81 5:00^ 3.3!10:M i'«
J5 I C.12 5.2;i2:35l 2.4 «:«. 3.2111:50 19
16 I C:51 6.2! 1:27! U>\ 7:3» 3.i ...„
|L w| ;h w| sl w h w "•
17 ! O:3fej 2:2i 7:30j 5.3| 2:07 l.&| S;3lj 3.}
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tldei
the < at:} rr.ornir.t; tides are given in the left
hand eclumn and the successive tldei of th*
Cay In. the order of occurrence ax to time: the
fourth time column gives the last tide of th*
day. except when there are out three tides, aa
eoxnetlzr.es occurs. The heights given are In
addition to the of the United State:
Coast 6urvey Chart*, except when a nslnns < — *
■lgo precedes the height, »nd then the number
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— PaciHc Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 11—3 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same
date laet >eagon. and the rainfall In the last
twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka. 0.3S ».7l 14.21
Red Bluff CIS 11.41 8.4ft
Sacrament* , 0.04 7.87 3.56
Pan Francisco 0.10 8.8S 4.42
Fresno 0.00 • 5.C« ' O.6S
Independence 0.00 0.45 U.42
Eaji Lule Oblspo 0.C0 4.73 0.50
Los Angeles 0.00 1.43 0.43
San Diego 0.00 0.23 0.40
THE COAST P.ECORD.
1 SfSa^l s; %
STATIONS. J |||1 £3 |- £
•: I i I ■ *
BAker 30.10 40 24 SE Cloudy .00
arBcn 30.12 SQ 16 W Clear .00
Eureka 30.13 66 42 SW Pt.Cldy .38
f^ Bn o 30.24 50 40 EE Cloudy .00
S.E.FaraJlon .30.22 CO 51 N\V Pt.ady .18
Flagitaff 30.18 46 14 E Cloudy .00
Pocatello S0.10 40 22 E Clear .00
Independence .30.16 00 24 6E Clear .CO
Los Angeles ..30.08 70 49 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Mt-Tair.alapls 30.24 00 40 N\V Cloudy .10
North Head ..2!>.S8 52 48 S Rain .76
Phoenix 30. CS C3 40 - W Pt.Cldy .00
Pt.Rcyes L'ht.30.19 5S 49 \V Clear .20
Portland. 20.04 50 3<? S Rain .72
Red Bluff ...30.24 4G 38 SE , Rain .18
Roseburg 30.08 02 40 SW RaJn .28
Sacramento ....30. 24 60 42 S Cloudy .04
Bait Lake 30.18 42 .. SE Clear .00
San Francisco.30.26 52 46 EE Cloudy .10
San L. Obispo.30.18 CS 42 Pt.Cldy .00
6*n Diego ...30.06 66 48 NW Pt.Cldy .CO
Seattle 29. P2 50 42 E Cloudy .04
Fpokar.e 30.02 3S 30 S Rain .10
Tatoosh 29.60 50 42 SW Cloudy .74
Walla Walla..30.00 40 30 W Cloudy .02
■Wlnnemucca ..30.C8 52 14 NE Cloudy .00
Yuma 30.C6 70 44 N Clear .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The storm off the Washington coast last
night !• parsing eastward over British Colum
bia. Rain has fallen from Central California
northward on the Pacific Coast. Generally
cloudy weather prevail* west of the Rocky
Mountains.
The preseure Is rising rapidly along the
coast and falling over the Rocky Mountains
and Montana.
The temperature changes hav« been slight
in tix districts.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight December 12:
California north of Tehachapl— Clearing In
northwest portion, fair elsewhere Monday:
light northwest wind.
California south of Tehachapi— Fair Monday;
light west wind.
Nevada — Cloudy Monday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday,
•with fog in the morning; light northwest wind.
Loe Angeles and vicinity— Fair Monday; light
w«n wind.
Sacramento and vicinity— Partly cloudy Mon
day.
Fresno and vicinity— Fair Monday.
G. H. W1LLSON. Local Forecaster.
given Is eubtracted from the depth given by
the charts. Th« plane of reference la the mean
of th» lower low waters.
SHIPPING IXTELLIGEXCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. December 11.
Etmr Alaskan, Nichols. 71 days from New
Tork. via Ban Dle^o 2 days. !
Btmr Shasta. Hansen 95 hours from Belling
ham; bound eouth; put in to land passengers.
Stmr Brunswick, Ellefsen, 16 hours from
Fort Bragg. • :
Stmr Alcarar. Wlnkel. 16 honrs from Green
wood.
Stmr Vanguard. Odland. 37 hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr National City, Hammar, 55 hours from
Eureka, bound 8 outh. put in to land passengers.
Etrar Homer. Donaldson 84 hours from
Grays Harbor.
Stmr Coos Bay. Nicolson. 63 hours from Ean
Pedro.
Stmr Asuncion. Brldgett. 4 days from Se
attle.
Etmr Melville Dollar. Fosen 40 hours from
Ean Pedro.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. 0 hours from Bo
dega.
Stmr Maggie. Whitney. 4 hours from Half
moon Bay.
BAILED.
Sunday. December 11.
Stmr Aurelia. Erlckson. Aatorta. -
Stmr Maggie. Whitney. Halfmoon Bay.
Schr Spokane. Jamleson. Port Gambia
Schr Ida A. Campbell. Bodega.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander .San Diego.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen. Victoria,
Stmr South Coast. Olsen. Caspar.
Schr Joseph Russ,. Gasky, .
Schr David Evans. White Everett.
Bktn Gerard C Tobey. Scott. Honolulu.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson. Bowens Landing.
Etmr Shasta. Hansen. San Pedro.
Stmr Vanguard. Odland. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Dec 11 10 p m — Weather
thick; wind NE; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— rawed out Dec 11— Stmr Jeanlo.
fcr San Francisco.
POBT HARFORD— Sailed Dec 11— Btmr Bo
nlta.. for San Pedro.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 11— Strar Lakme.
echr Eva. stmr Francis H Leggctt and schr
Geo E Billings, hence Dec l»; achr Bertie
Minor. Xrcm Ean Pedro; Btmr Phoenix hence.
Dec 10.
Sailed Dec 11 — Stmr Eureka and ichri John
A and Vine for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Dec 11— Etmr Jaa S
Illgglnii. for Ean Francisco.
CLALLAM — Anchored in bay D«o 11— Schr
Stlmson. from Ilallard. for San Pedro.
COOS BAY — Arrived Dec 11 — Stmr Empire,
hence Dec 8.
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed Dec 11— Stmr
State of California for ,San Francisco.
ASTORIA— Sallrd Dec 11— Stmr F A Kll
burn, for Ean Francisco; Ger *tmr Numantla,
for China; etrar Northland t for Ean Francisco.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU — Arrived Dec 11 — Stmr Aztec,
hence Xov 27 for Yokohama (short of coal);
e tmr U S Lcgan. hence Dec 2 for Manila,
FOREIGN PORTS. \'~~
MELBOURNE— Arrived Dec 11— Ship Star of
Bengal, from New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS. <- v~
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 11— Stmr Mlnne
hnna. for Southampton and London; stmr Ger
manla.. f<r y..i::-Uks and Naples
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 11— Stmr Ivern!*
from Boston, via Queer.stown
GLASGOW-Ealled Dec 10-Stmr Ethiopia.
&SEr\!&V£ MovlUe - and ' saned <™
QUEENSTOWN-Salled Dec 11-Stmr I'm.
brla, from Liverpool, for New York.
Templars Hold Banquet.
The executive committee, having
charge of the celebration of Califor
nia ComanderyNo. 1, Knights Tem
plar, at the recent conclave, concluded
Its labors with a banquet at the
Poodle Dog last Saturday night.
Past Commander Thomas H. Browne
acted as toastmaster. . Those present
were: Thomas H. Browne, Charles M.
Plum, William Crocker, Dr. O. F.
Westphal. J. P. Fraser,^ J. ,W. Ander
son. George "vW Wlttman, P. T. Fer
guson, Dr. W. C. Hassler, T. G. Gruen
hagen, Thomas Morton, R. L. Radke.
R. L. Hathorn, S. J. Eva, Charles C.
Stattman, George H. Pippy, John Ton
ningsen, J. G. Liebold, H. C. Norton,
John Phalr, T. P. Andrews, H. S.
Shannon. John McLaren, Robert W.
Xeal, Judge F. H. Kerrigan, Joseph M.
Cumming. ' -*- ; , :
Pyro^raphy Ontflts
And oil manner- of "wooden things and
sheepskins to burn. Hundreds of designs
not shown' elsewhere. Artist Material
Department- Sanborn, Vail& Co... 741
Market street. Open evenings. •
CARELKSS WITH OAS JET. — Peter Cru-'
ittc. a railroad hand, who occupied a room at
£27 MLsston street on Saturday night, was so
carelers with the ges jet'ac to come near be
ing asphyxlcted. He - was resucdated at the
Emergency Hospital by Dr. Millar.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, 'MONDAY. DECEMBER 12, fl9o£
MARINE LEAGUE
OUTLINES PLAN
Not Bound to Any Single
Project for Rehabilitation
of American Shipping
SEEKING BEST METHOD
Legislation Will Be Sug
gested Along Lines Ke
garded as Most Feasible
CLEVELAND. Dec. 11.— The Mer
chant Marine League of the United
States has sent out a statement set
ting forth the views of the league in
its efforts to rehabilitate the mer
chant marine of the United States. In
part the statement explains that the
purposes of forming thl3 league were
broadly stated in the resolutions
adopted at its formation. The senti
ment of the people at large will con
trol, and the more interest taken ihe
more nearly correct must be that
sentiment.
The decadence of our foreign
marine is a fact recognized In political
platforms and variously on all hands.
The evils are so apparent as to call
only for emphasis by considering de
tail.
Two things go hand in hand: A
merchant marine sufficient to prevent
undue dependence on foreign help,
a navy adequate in time of peace to
furnish the assurance,, and, where
necessary, the fact of protection to our
commerce and our ships and goods en
gaged in it and their terminals.
The Merchant Marine League of the
fa'nlted States, not in anywise or in
any degree whatsoever wedded to a spe
cific method or Involved in or with
any particular Interest, seeks to aid
in accomplishing this result upon
lines and by methods which shall
alike be creditable to us as a nation
and Include the greatest justice and
general good. How shall this be
done? Several methods of dealing
with the question have been brought
forward from time to time. The most
prominent are, perhaps, subsidy, dis
criminating duties, bounties or sub
ventions simply, postal subsidy or sub
vention, tonnage tax from which to se
cure a fund providing subvention.
The suggestion is permissible that,
without endeavoring in a servile man
ner to harmonize* Incongruous ele
ments, it should be possible to settle
upon what seems best of the various
plans and thereupon formulate a bill
which will at least get the matter
started.
C. E. Goldsmith, the engraver nf *6
Geary street,' Is now with Santwrn. Va.il
& Co. He has charge of the engraving
of wedding invitations, visiting cards,
announcements, etc. Mr. Goldsmith's
presence at Sanborn-Vail's Insures a
continuance of the very best work that
the engraver's art produces. Prices al
ways right. _ • . .
BARKEEPER; IS ATTACKED.— S. EcMna,
a barkeeper at 8 Stockton street, was struck
by a customer who wielded a bottle yesterday.
Eshina was treated at the Central Emergency
Hospital for a deep lacerated wound. His skull
may have been fractured.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION' AND 'AFFAIRS
-OF THE
LIVERPOOL AND' LONDON
AND ME
fflSORABCE COMPANY
OF LIVERPOOL. ENGLAND. ON THE 31st
day of December, A. D.. 1003, and for th*
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
turance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed
as per blank furnished by the Commissioner. ,
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.. $1,866,013 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 3,493,750 00
Carh Market Value of all Stockf
and Donds owned by Company. 3.767,400 25
Cash in Company's Office 8,580 42
Cash in Banks • 1,308,552 JJ
Interest due and accrued oa
Donds and Mortgages 45.435 05
Premiums in due Course of Col-
lection - 1.540. 64S 04
Rents due and accrued 10,000 CO
Due from other Companies for re-
lcsurar.ee on lostes already paid 2,531 92
Total Aiseti I12.05C.018 BO
LI ABILITIES. *~~
Losses adjusted and unpaid |24 10
LOB** »n process of Adjustment _ •
or in Suspense «-•• C93.036 64
Looses reilsted. including ex-
per.ses .Vp...U..; 87,250 00
Giom premiums on Fire Risks
running one year or less, $5,-
010 2S2 10: reinsurance 50 per
cent.. 2.B05.U1 20
Gross premiums on Fire Risks
running more than one year,
$3 163.783 C5; reinsurance pro
ra'ta.. .■•■••, ■••• 2.769,208 94
Ccmmlaslons and Brokerage due
and to become due ........... -225.560 28
Due and to beccme due for Re-
turn Premiums end Reinsur-
ance •••• 2S7.122 63
Amount reclaimable by Insured
on perpetual fire policies 278..123 SO
All other Liabilities 79.720 76
Total Liabilities $6,896,370 15
INCOME. : "~
Vet cash actually received for"'
* Fire premiums I6.S37.553 74
R,celvcd for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgage, ............... 130,140 84
Received for Interest and dlvl-
dends on Bonds. Stocks,. Loans .
1 and from all other sources.... 165.518 04
Received for Rents 06.4416S
Total Income $7,230,654 10
EXPENDITURES. "
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
:j <lncludlns $50S.333 23. losses
' of previous years) ..$3,476,815 10
Paid or allowed for Commission
or T»rokerag« ...." j 1,129,875 7«
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
tharges for officers, clerk*, eto - 877,131 05
Paid for State, , National and . ."■
Local taxes : '. 174.209 74
All other payments and expendl- ; ■ -.' :
tures ......... •• ..... 434.908 11
' 'Total Expenditures. $5.5n2,9no 70
Fire. ~
Lows Incurred during the yea.r.'.t-I.Wtt.SSS 10
i RUks and Premiums. I : Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks , ;i :
: -written during- the
year ....$905,384,801 $10,652.180 73
Net amount of Risks •• , - . » , ■ •
esplred during the "" . , r . . .■ .
: year 8S3.705.407 0,158.631 43
Net amount 'n force - ' . . . i
December 31. 1903- fl5S.5.'»7.B12 10.174.066 08 :
* HENRT W.- EATON. U. S. Manager. - ''
Subscribed -and .sworn . to _. before . me, _ this
8tU day of February. l»04. -
TV. H. WILDE Y. Notary- Public. -.
County of. Westchester, N.-T.
PACIFIC DEPART5IENT:'i *. «/
422 California Street. SAN FRANCISCO
CHAELB1D.' HAVEN, Resident Sec'7.:
C MASON KIM, Assistant S3c'y;
YANKEE ENERGY
AMAZES PRINCE
Fushimi, Kinsman of the
Mikado, Makes Known His \
Views Upon America!
MAKVELS AT OUR THRIFT
Member of Japanese Eoyal'
Family Is Eeturning to San |
Francisco En Route Home ;
Special Dispatch to The Call
NEW YORK. Dec. 11.— Before leaving
this country to return to Japan, Prince
Pushimi made known to-night his
views upon America. He will leave on
Tuesday morning, will stop in Chicago
for a day and will then hasten to San
Francisco to sail for Japan.
The Prince has visited the big steel
plants in Pennsylvania and observed
with keenest interest the capacity of
some of the works for turning out big
guns and general, accoutrements of
war. He has studied the American
agricultural situation and was aston
ished at the enormous supply for home
consumption and for export abroad.
Of all things in this country. , that
which impressed the Prince most was
the "intensified activity of commercial
life," as indicated by the complete
transformation of New York City since
he was here last. .
• "You can say for the Prince," said
his personal representative, Mr. Sato,
"that he was simply amazed to find
New York City such a splendid arena
of commercial forces. He would never
have dreamed he had returned to the
New York City of twenty years ago
had he awakened here unawares. The
commercial activity of the entire coun
try astounds him. The amount of busi
ness that Is going on here and the
wonderful way in which it is being
done- have impressed his Highness in
a way which he cannot express."
.It was a pleasing sight when dozens
of the. Prince's fellow countrymen, re
siding in New York, passed before him
to-day at the St. Regis, bowed and
muttered in tones of reverence their
respect for the Mikado's kinsman.
Borne were young men who have not
yet gained a footing in America's busi
ness world and their dress was not of
the finest. But their love for Japan
shone in their faces and in every ges
ture and they appeared to feel at home
with the Prince.
Marble Nearly Discharged.
The British bark Lynton. lying at Beale
street wharf, has nearly discharged her cargo
of Italian marble. Among the cargo were come
magnificent pieces of stone. The largest block
weighed seventeen tons, and was one of the
purest pieces of Genoa marble ever brought to
this coast. There were also some superb elabs
of marble of the most exquisite quality. . It
took three months to load the ship at Genoa.
Owing to the dead weight of this cargo the
vesfel. brought but 1SC0 tons, whereas her car
rying capacity Is 3740 tons.
A child's Impudence or cuteness de
pends on whether It belongs In your
flat or the one Just across the hall.
• AD VJ^TISEMJEXTS. j>r _-
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
TRANSATLANTIC
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. IN GERMANY, ON THE
31«t day of December. A. D., 1003, and for
the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
610 and till of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner:
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company. .. .$423,680 00
Cash in Company's Office 3ai 72
Cash in Banks 28,599 06
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 3,8»7 47
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 84.701 87
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1.0S7 90
Due from, other Companies for Re-
Insurance on lofses already paid.. 170 83
Certificate of Deposit In hands of
United State* Trustees 100,600 00
Total Assets .$642,070 85
LIABILITIES. .
LoFses adjusted and unpaid.: $2,096 72
Losses In proces« of Adjustment or
In Suspense 5,147 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 8.5GS 04
Orons premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $241,402 01;
reinsurance 50 per cent 122,23143
Groes Dremlums on Fire Risks' run-
ning »nore than one year. $20«,-
'470 06: reinsurance ; pro rata ». 117,603 39
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 19,018 53
Return Premiums and Reinsurance
Premiums 7,671 75
Total Liabilities $283,17780
INCOME. ~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums ...$317,614 OS
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from .V. : -.■ .=
all: othei sources. ' 13 7B2 -3
Remitted from Home % Of flee 20,074 35
Total Income ".', . .". . . .". .......... . $338,381 35
• EXPENDITURES.
Net i amount paid for. Fire Losses '
! (Including $16,391 44. losses of : I
• previous years) .' ' ;$177,787 S2
Paid or allowed 'for Commission or ' : ■
Brokerage : ... . . ... • 86,806 13
Paid for Salaries. Fem and other
'charges for. officers, clerks, etc.. 21.010 60
Paid for State, -National, and Local ■
• taxes ..;.:...........".... 4,403 S5
All other: payments ■ and • expendl- ■■ ■
; tures 19,246 08
, Total' Expenditures $309,344 48
. •= Fire. ! '
Losses. Incurred during; the year... .$174,763 0«
Risks- and Premlums.|Flre Risks. | Premiums.
Net amount', of "Risks . - - .. ..,
• written -during ".the -
year ............... $31,137,643 $466.25661
Net amount' of Risks
expired during the
, i : year '. . ......... - 23.390.3S2 863,363 27
Net air.ount' in' force '. ■ ■ ...
; December 31., 1003.. •' 30.7S2.006 '. 450.033 07
J ADOLPH LOEB. United States Manager. •
Subscribed and sworn to before . me, this 8th
day of February, ] 1904: - . .
- MARK A." FOOTE,
~ r ' r \ ;.\v ■.' : ; Notary ' Public I
"Pacific DepartmentFstabliBhed * 1872. \
■ V; a* DRIFnELD, Onager."
H. DAKKER, Asst-iManigsr. . !
221 SANSOME ST;,
f San Francisco, Cal.,
: Te'ephon: No. S81«" Main.
.iiiiliiiili
The Chance of a Life Time!
: Worth of
Wagons, Carriages and
Buggies at
50c on the Dollar
One of the larce wholesale houses of this city is coins: out of
the wagon and carriage business and they have sold their stock to
us at a phenomenally low price. The stock comprises a complete line
of standard wagons, carriages and buggies and we are Roinjj to sell
them as stated for
50 Cents on the Dollar
They must be so!d quick'y
Come and get first choice '
SPIRO HARNESS AND WAGON COMPANY
307-309 MARKET STREET
Rheumatism
Neuralgia
Malaria
Positively cured with Dr. Hal-
pruner's Wonderful Medicine,
or your money returned. Price, !
60c and $1.00 per bottle. For
saleby all dealers and at office i
of Halpruner Medical Mfg. Co., ]
28 California St., S. £., sent by !
mail or. express. People cured J
free of charge from 1 to 4 p. m.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great/)
dfilUSEUH OF flNfiTOHW
'J G& 1CS1 Ua£ZXI C?. V.*.. g.h t TA, 3.T.Cal. A
\ t The Larcnt Anatomical Matcun) in ike \
() —,-t »^ World. weakne*»es t any c-ntractot Q
2 Vay Pnl diMMe p»»ltl»».|y rar«l ivy the oid;-t Y
A fl^Pfl OR* JORDAN-Q'SEASES OF MEN A
\ )l{ iTftS ConwItMfon free ind ftrf'tly fjriTite. \
U i J&' It H T"*""*" 1 p«r-OBil'iy «f br letter. A A
\fi ******* Gt*to rrery mt undertaken. T
A 9 J ' lift Write for Bisk. PBII-OHOrn « «f A
V* I j • dAnnlAQE, MAILED FRCB. ( A \ I
\ £ y. valnable book (or pit) \
v do. jonnAK a co.. iui ifartMBua r. (' \
. rT 5 j
Prescriptions 34,406 and 7. 1
GUARANTEED CUEE TOB MEN.
HAKMLESS INJECTION. Cures ordinary
casf s' in a few days. Warranted to cure
worst-cases. NO OTHEE TEEATMEKT
E.EQUIEED. Prevents and Cures Stric-
tures. PREVENTS COHTAOIOS. Harm-
less. $2.00 for both bottles. For sale only
T. S. KEr.IiY'8 PHARMACY, 102 Eddy.
STATEMENT
OF THE
•. CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
RHINE & MOSELLE FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF STRASBURG. GERMANY, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1903. and for
the year ending on that day, as mad* to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State oC Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections
C10 and Oil of the Political Code, condensed
as Per blank furnlvhed by the Commissioner.
, CAPITAL..
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $600.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate" owned by Company.. $300.000 00
Loans on Honds and Mortgages... 232.S00 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 741. COO 25
Cash In Company's Office 4,745 47
Cash In Banks 163.5M 33
It.terest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 13.CG0 43
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 1,836 56
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 41.9S2 40
Due from other Companies for re-
Insurance on lo«ses already paid. 80,349 13
I Due from other Debtors ' 3.392 B2
Total Assets .$1.503.071 20
'-7v : ' •'-"5 • liabilities. " ; —
Losses adjusted and unpaid $21,000 OS
Losses ' in process of' Adjustment
or In Suspense 22.200 42
Losses resisted. Including expenses. 5,130 CO
Grors premiums on Fire Risks run-
nlng ■ one • year or less, $123,-
472 2C; reinsurance 50 per cent.. 211,738 13
Gross premiums on Fire Hlski run-
ning more than one year. $60.-
188- 14;- reinsurance pro rata 30.43 J 10
Dividend to stockholders remain-
ing unpaid 1,733 60
Due- • and accrued for salaries,
..rents, etc 4 0,340 St
All '.other demands against th«
.company. ....;... 74.822 10
_ Total";, Liabilities $377.543 22
INCOME. . ========:
Net cash actually received for Fire
; premiums $ it 1,726 IS
Eeceived for interest on- Donds and
MortgaRes 0.401 33
Received t f or Interest and dividends
• on '' Bonds. Stock*. Loans and
S from all other sources 32.209 11
Received, for Rents 14.6B1 IS
Received from all other sources... 2.701 24
'• i Total Income y.VCT.fiso 04
( . 5 ..: EXPENDITURES. ~~*~~
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
• (including $22,420 47. losses, of
( previous years) S187.S2S 41
Dividends to Stockholders 80.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
; Brokerage 80.793 02
Paid for 'Salaries, Fees and other
' charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 43.073 96
Paid for State, National and Local
.taxes'.: 17.634 31
All other payments and expendi-
tures... • 27.574 26
• .. v -
; I " Total Expenditures $437. S?s t>6
! • ; . - '' Fire.
Losses incurred during the year. ..$107,402 67
Risks end Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
'• written durinc the
! year ...;........- $460,368,429 $608,605 4S
Net amount of Risks
1 expired during the . .
! year 433.069,025 CSS.S34 39
Net amount in force
< December 31, 1003. 447.356.S46 4S3.C53 40
. ; . „ ..... J. SCHALLER. President.,
, * : . A. POIZAT. Secretary.
-Subscribed and sworn to . before me. this
2d dav. of- Arrll. 1904.
} 'JOSEPH I. BRITTAIN. U. S. CcnstjL
SYI & CO., General Agents,
: ; - 308 California Street,
Son Francisco, Cal.
STATEMENT
OF. THE
CONDITION ANJ AFFAIRS
OF THE
UNITED STATES BRANCH
OF THE i
HELVETIA SWISS FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ST. GALL. SWITZERLAND. ON THE j
31st day of December. A. D. 190:;. and for
Um year ending on thai day, as made to th-* s
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Call- ,
fornia pursuant to the provisions of sections :
610 and 6tl of the Political Code, condensed as j
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS
Cash Market Value of all Stocks I
ard Bonds owned by Company. .$539,007 SO
Cash in Company's office 731 51 .
Cash In Banks... 272 U I ;
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
ami Mortices 5.500 00 |
Premiums In due Course of Collec- j
tlon 5.618 33 ;
Total Assets, ..>flm.i?>t 2* j
LIABILITIES.
I-osses adjusted and unpaid $ IS 50 j
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. 4.402 50
Grcss premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year and less, $1T.7OS 72;
reinsurance 50 per cent 8.9S3 38
Grces premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $16.-
CI9 Crt; reinsurance pro rata 4.460 SO
Commissions and Brokerage due and
to become due 1.483 80.
Return Premiums and Reinsurance
Premiums : e»4 20 i
Total Liabilities ...$2O.O43 \r.
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
Premhims -.•• •••• ••• ?H.»31 5»
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 20,217 SS j
Profit en *nle of Ledger Assets 506 '.'5 !
Received from Home Office. ; 22.B0O 00 ;
Total Income .$55.O7S 'I ,
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount pafd for Fire Losses (In-
cluding $4,533 31. losses of prev-
ious years) $31.00 3S
raid ur allowed for Commission or ',
Brokerage - ; 3.445 74 |
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other '•
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... £.230 00
Paid for Stat*. National and Local
Taxes "02 S5
All other payments and expenditures 36,557 11
Total Expenditures ...»75.>Uft 0ft
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.... $28,052 40
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks.' Premiums.
Net amount of Risks] I
written durinc the t
year '■ -'.--I $1,130,327 00 $24.135 16
Net amount of Risks!
expired durlnp the
year } B.932.S96 00 62.454 2C
Net amount !n forcef
December 31. UH».l 2.252.S98 CO 34.447 73
SAMUEL. R. WEED.
Of and for Weed & Kennedy. Managers.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 23th
day of January. 1WM-
C. F. FISHBECK. Notary Public
SYZ & CO., General Agents,
308 California Street,
\ v San Francisco, Ca'» ,* r .v .■/, -'"
OCEAX TRAVEL.
-^j_ Steamers leave Broadway
j^\t^S-SSo\. whaives • (piers 0 and 11),
/Sf/ 1^'. X^ £ * n Franclacc:
/aVVafflrx^fc \A\ For Kf tchlkan, Wrangel.
I I I I Juneau, Treadwell, Halnes.
I \ \«Ma) J Skaguay, etc. Alamca— 11
\A \\ *W/ «• "l.. Dec. 1. fl. 11. 16. 2U
WkOI [yCiJ 20, 31. Jaa. 5. Chance ta
Xfia^jrfW/ this company's' steamers at
X 3£J82>^ Seattle.
For Victoria. Vancouver. Port Townsend.
Eeattle.- Tacoma, Everett. South Belllnarham.
Belllngham— 11 a. m. Dec. 1. A 11. 18. 21. :«.
31 Jan. 5. Change at Seattle to this com- j
Daily's iteamers for Alaska and C. N. Ry.; at
fceatlle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; *t Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona, 1:30
d m . Dec- 12. IS. 24. 30. Jan. 6. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Dec. 3. 9. 15. 21. 27. Jan. 2. i
For Los Angeles (via Port Loa Angeles -»nd I
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of Ctlifornia. Thursday*. 0 a. m.
Kcr J*o» Anaelri (via San Pedro and Eajit
Etn Pedro). Fanta Barbara, Sinta Crnx, Mon-
t-rer. ?«n Slni»«n. Cayuros. Hort Hnrford »Saa
Luis Obispo), Ventura and Hueneme.
ltoulta. J» a. m.. Dec. 1. U. 17, 2ti, Jan. 2.
Coos Bay. !♦ a. m.. Dec. 5. 13. 21. 2», Jan. fl.
For Enwnada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Marat Ian. Altata La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 7th each mo.
Fcr further Information obtain folder. Right
is r»serv«i to change Meainer* or salllnjf dates
TICXXT OPPICXS — 4 New Montgom-
trj- st. (Palace HoteD.lO Market »t..and Broad-
way wharves.. Freight Office 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. General Parsenger Agenc
ir-.'-\< 10 Market st.. Ean Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 2O Sutter St.. wJII
call fcr and check baggage from hotels aati
residences.; Telephone Exchanga 312.
8. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Famoa. Auck-
land and Sydney. .Thursday, Dec. 22 2 P M
S.S. ALAMEDA.- for Honolulu. Dec. 31, HAM*
S. S. MARIPOSA, for Tahiti, Dec. SI, 11 A. m!
Lr.SPEECSELS&BROS. Cl, A2ti,TlCt2tCflcj5« Ir-
ieL rnlgM-Cfla 327 Market St. Pur 7. Pasia: ;:
l0X?AOn!E QESERAii: TBlSSATiV^nj Ji
DIRECT LINE TO IIAVRE-PARIS. -^.
falling - every Thursday Instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from Pier
42, North River.. foot of Morton st.
I lrst class to . Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre. $45 and upward. GEN-
ERAL AGENCT FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA. : 32 Broadway (Hudson building).
New Torlu J. T. FUGAZI * CO.. Pactflo Coast
Agents, ft Montgomery avenue. San Frmnctjco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
PorU. S.'Nary Tarfl and Vallejo.
Etrs. General Frisble. Montictllo and Arrow
0:45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m., tt p.m., S:30 pi
m. Leave .San. Francisco Sundays 9:«3 a.m.
12:30 p.m.; 6 p.m.. 8:30 p.m. Leav* Vallejo. 7
a.m.. b a.m.. 12:20 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. tl p.m. San.
days. 7 a.m., 0 a.m.. 3:20 p.m., 6 p.m. Pier 2.
ft Mission st-r Phone Main 130S. HATCH BROS.
ror TJ. S. K*vy Tard and Tallajo.
Stmr. H. J. CORCORAN leaves north ea4
Ferry bldg., foot of Clay st.. 10 s_ m.. B:34
p. m.; Sundays. -10 a. m. 8 p. m. Leave.
Vallejo. Aden's wharf,. 7:15 a. m.. 2:30 p.
in.; Sundays. 7:15 a. m., 5 p. m. Far* 25o
•ach way. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL CO.
j ' * APVKUTISEMEyTS.
-n -.r. . . i_-_, . ,- r. i-ri -u -. j- j-i. .- ■ i. -.--.. " "_
. UHITEU STATES SSA5C3
STATEMENT
of Tirr:
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF TKS
CALEDONIAN INSURANCE
COMPANY
OF EDINBURGH. In the Kingdom of Great
Britain, en th? 31st day of December. A.
1».. 1003. and for the y-ar ending on that <lar.
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of ih»
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections Olo and 611 of the Political CMe.
cona^nsed as per blank furnished bj- the Com-
mlfslor.tr.
ASSKTP.
Real E.-t-if ownrt by Company.. Jt".l?T 15
Ca»h Market Value of alt Stocks
■ nd Dcnds owned by Company.. 8C7.8(V) Oft
Cash In Company's OM?e 438 t<>
Cash In Banks lSrt.0.13 VI
Ir.r--r--«t d<_r and accrued on «il
Stocks an.l Leans 12.443 53
Premluir.s In due Course of Col-
lection 123.823 SO
BH'.s receivable, not Matur'd.
taken for Fire and Marine Risks 367 03
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on lcss#s already paid "23 *4
Due from other Comrr.nles 3.90S 61
Total Atscts $1,734,353 51
LIABILITTK9. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid $31641 43
Lo»se« in process cf Adjustment or
in Susoense 37.10**2
Losses resisted. IneKidlns expenses 6.421 30
Gross premiums on Fir" Risks nin-
nln* ont year or less. J770.-
801 31; reinsurance 50 p»r cent.. SS5.40O «3
Gro»s premiums on Firs Flsk." run-
nlnz more than one year. $374.-.
flOl 22; reinsurance pro rata.... 4*2.44* IS
All other Liabilities 2a.«13 5*
Total Liabilities $902,722 <W
INCO\fr. ~
Xet cash actually received for
Fire pr»mlums $1.C63.371 14
Recelvrd frr interest and dividends
on Bonds. .Stock*. Loans, and
from all rtn»r sources *«.727 <v>
Received for Rents 22.fl'W 25
Total Inccme $1,124.7(54 SO
- ' EXPEXPrrrRE?.
?C»t amrwint pi 1 '! f*r Kir* I.'>!«sen
rird'idlnff ?IO1.4R4 00. lesses of
pr*Tlous rears) f"c, 4":> M
P»'d t allowed for Commission or
Brokers w 2»«.SS0 33
Paid for Sr.!arl<»«. Tees an»1 other
chances for o'flc^r*. clerk", etc.. 52.312 OS
Paid for State. National ard Local
taxes 23.300 60
All other raym»nts and expendi-
ture* 3A.4M 1»>
Total Expenditure* $tWl.*n 12
Tire.""
Losses Incurred <?ur!n* the year.. $5fa*.R<W KT
Risks and Prerrlums. 'Fire Risks. I Premiums.
X#t «»pour.t of Ri*k«! j
wrlttpn durln? thel I
year ! ?132.003.32rt:$1.478.!O7 XT
Net »n»nunt of Risks! I
exrtred during 1 the! !
rear ( lS0.0S3.72fi! 1.443.493 «7
Net amount In '«rce! t
December 31. 1003..! tr,7.COR.720| 1.«MS.792 M
CHAS. H. POST. 1*. S. Manm«er.
N. A. MCNEIL. Assistant Manager.
!»'ib«crlbed and nwm to before me th!«
26th day of January. 100*.
II. K. FRANCK.
Xotary Public
THOS. J. CONROY. Mims?r.
GEO. W. BROOX\ /sst. Manager.
PACIFIC COAST DEPAITOIENT.
323 California Street
Saa rranclico.
Ballour, Gutbrie & Co., Pacifi; Coast Director*
STATEMENT
OF THE v;*l
COXDITIOX AND AFFAIRS
OF. THE
ROCHESTER GERMAN
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF ROCHESTER. IN* THE STATE OF NEW
York, on the 31st day of December. A. D.
1903. and for the year endlnr on that day. as
made tc the Insurance Commissioner of ths
State of California, pursuant to the provision*
of sections tilO and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed aa per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner: -„•■'".-
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In Cash $200.000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company... $2157.910 91
Loans en Bonds and Mortgages 333.347 10
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds Owned by Company.. 613.323 C<1
Cash In Company"* Office 1.816 60
Cash in Banks ' 201.296 09
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7,137 30
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 8. 253 K3
Premiums In due. Course of Col-
lection 122.813S9
Total Assets »l.«O3.6S3 7l
V : LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $13,313 20
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 9O.83S 21
Lcsses resisted. Including expenses 12.430 43
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning ono year or less. $733,-
8SS IS; reinsurance 50 p«r cent.. 388.943 00
Gross premiums en Fir« Risks run-
ning more than cn« year. |Ct>3.-
61- -S: reinsurance pro rata.... 383,312 33
Commissions and Brokerage dua
and to become due 343 34
Total Liabilities $S53.C94 04
INCOME. ' ~~~
Net cash actually received for Firs
premiums $1,029.878 27
Received for interest on Donds and
Morteages 17.38167
Received for interest and dividends
on Bond* Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources 2«,072 CO
Received for K«nt« 13.631 S4
Total Inccme ." .$1.CS6.001 7j
EXPENDITURES. "~ ~
Vet amount paid for Fire Losses (in-
cluding $71.207 27. losses of pre-
vious years) $423.0C3 07
Dividends to Stockholders ■ 30.000 CO
l'«!d or allowed for Ccmmisaton or
Brokerage 301.153 01
PalU for Salaries. Fe«s» and other
charges for of fleers, clerks, etc. 30.513 93
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes • 2S.4301I
All other payments and expendi-
tures 88.637 14
Total Expenditures $902,713 Ai
— ' -—
Fire..
LOSSES Incurred during th* y»sr. . .$132..VJ« "1
R!«ks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risk.*
written during the
i year $110,620,240 $1,477,400 28
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 95.363.903 1,239,136 «»
Net amount In force
December 31. 1003.. 117.600.423 1.427.740 46
' FREDERICK COOK. President.
H. F. ATWOOD. Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 23d
day of January. 1004.
EDWARD H. GEHRICE. Notary Public.
THOS. J. CO.NR0Y, Manager.
GEO, W. BROOKS, /sst. Manager.
PACtFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
323 California Street
* San Tr&ndsco.
Balfour, Sothrie & Go., Pacific Coast Directors
French savings bank
Capital paid ui $600,000
CMdeods raid ta depositors . 1,656,226
CHAS. CARPT. President.
ARTHUR LFOALLET. Vice- Preatdtau
LEON BOCQUKKAiS. Secretary.
JOHN GINTT. Asst. Secretary.
SXSXCTOBS:
Dr. E. -Artignes. Ccas. Carpy. Leon Kauffmaa.
O. Bozlo. J. B. Clot. A. Roos.
Leon Bocqaeraz. J. M. Dupaa. A. Legallt?.
J. A. Berserot. J. S. Godeau. J. J. Mack.
Interest paid en deposits. Loana mad* oa
Rtal Estate and approved sectxrtUta.
56
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
JQH>: D. SPRECKELS Proprietor
AVDEZS3 ALL COHMITXICATIONS TO
JOHN McVAUGHT - Manager
riHuanoK omcE third axd mahket streets, bajc nucccisco
MONDAY DECEMBER 12, 1904
A SENSATIONAL BUSINESS WEEK.
THE feature in business last week was the sensational break in
Wall-street stocks. While the leading and conservative in
terests were not willing to admit that Thomas Lawson of copper
conflict notoriety was the prime cause of the momentary panic and
rather ascribed it to the overbought condition of the stock market
and the trepidation occasioned by the Presidents recommendation
in his message that the Interstate Commerce Commission fix freight
rates whenever necessary, it is undeniable that Lawson was the
chief instigator of the break. He publicly announced several days
prior thereto that he would cause a commotion in the market and
even set specific days for the disturbance ; and as it appeared on time
it is reasonable to believe that he was the arch market-breaker.
All interests agreed, however, that the panic was not caused
by any unfavorable conditions in the business of the country, which
are as sound as at any time during the past five or six years;
and the fact that it did not last but a day and a half and that the
market took a turn upward again affirmed this opinion. Since the
great decline the feeling has been much stronger and the speculative
atmosphere clearer, and the market is no worse oft than before the
squall. •
But it was very sensational during that day and a half, the
break being about twenty-two points in copper, while sugar also
declined sharply. But steel, which was also menaced by the raiders,
showed a comparatively light decline, which was an excellent ad
vertisement of the improved conditions in this industry, which have
been steadily growing better for se\-eral months. In fact, a year ago
the output of all the furnaces and mills of the United States Steel
Corporation ranged from 18,000 to 23,000 tons daily, whereas it is
now iti excess of 60,000 tons daily, and on one day recently it was
89.000 ton*.
Another conspicuous staple at present is cotton. Recently the
Government report, announcing a crop of over 12,000.000 bale-,
stampeded the market and demoralized the cotton and yarn milling
trades and started a general selling movement, which broke tbo
market. Since then, however, a firmer feeling has developed, and
the quotations have been showing a recovery. The crop is the
largest ever produced, and while it will probably cause lower prices
for cotton fabrics it will also increase the earnings of Southern
railroads, swell the exports and draw a largely increased revenue
from foreign countries, hence it is rather a great benefit than a detri
ment to the cotton industry;. With the large corn, cotton and hay
crops, to say nothing of the bounteous production of minor products,
the country will have an immense line of produce to sell at home
and abroad during the coming year, and this means nothing les~
than continued prosperity. Secretary WiJ^on of the Department of
Agriculture tefls us that our cotton crop will reach a value of
S6oo,ooo,ooo. our corn crop a value of Si. 000.000.000, our wheat and
hay crops a value of $1,000,000,000 and all our farm products com
bined a total value of $4,900,000,000. compared with $4480,000,000
last year. This is an increase of $420,000,000, or nearly 10 per cent,
in the value of our agricultural products within one year.
General conditions continue brilliant and full of promise. The
current expansion in business is shown by the continuous increase
in the bank clearing*, which last week showed .a gain of 55.6 per
cent over the same week last year, and in this respect the week was
a record breaker, as only two cities, and these of minor importance —
Memphis and Salt Lake City — out of the first fifty on the list showed
a loss. It is doubtful if the country's clearings ever before made
such a brilliant showing. Some of the gains were extremely large,
that of New York being 73.8 per cent, Boston 24.7 per cent,-Phila
delphia 79.1 per cent. Pittsburg 40.2 per cent. Baltimore 60.7 -per
cent, Minneapolis 43.6 per cent, and so on. These figures tell the
story of the country's remarkable prosperity. Of course, the heavy
increase in Xew York was largely due to the immense dealings on
the Stock Exchange, but those of the other cities were not, being the
legitimate results of a greatly expanded business all over the
countrv.
The abundance of money is shown by the continued low rates
of interest in Xew York. Even at the most "frenzied" moments of
the stock panic the rate for call money did not rise over 5 per cent
as the extreme top, and the ruling rates of the week were 3 to 4 per
cent. This speaks volumes for the country's unprecedented cash re
sources when it is remembered that at this time of the year call
money always goes up in Xew York, and only several, years ago.
when there was not the slightest question of the soundness of trade,
it soared up on one occasion to 40 per cent. What better evidence of
prosperity could be desired?
Otherwise there is little to be said. All sections of the country
report a fine demand for holiday goods, increasing activity among
manufacturing plants and railroad earnings in November 9.26 per
cent larger than for the same month in 1903, with freight blockades
at many points. A column could be written in enumerating the lines
of trade exhibiting increased activity, but those mentioned here will
do. The country was never more prosperous than at present.
ft OUR POSTAL COMMUNICATIONS.
ANY suggestion £or the improvement of the postal convenience?
of San Francisco, such as that for the establishment of pneu
matic tubes, ought to receive the most earnest and the most
speedy consideration. Facility of communication is an essential lu
bricant for the -wheels of commercial life, and its need becomes
more pressing with every increase of trade. Many European cities
already surpass us in the rapidity and ease with which their various
sections are placed in touch with one another and San Francisco
at least ought to see to it that the position is reversed. The Paris
postal authorities' for example, undertake to deliver a written com
munication to any address in the city within a very few minutes,
and at a very small charge, and this incalculable convenience hi
maintained by means of pneumatic tubes. Why should not San
Francisco do the same?
THE PRESS OF THE NATION.
From the nature of things Canada cannot long resist the Invitations of
commerce from other sources than England. The spirit of commercial expan
sion once instilled Into her people' and with her great fertile plains, extensive
forests and rich mineral deposits as yet unsurveyed, there is an alluring
national future for her. So far as her allegiance "to Great Britain is concerned
it is olmort purely sentimental, fos Canada is practically independent. 'Her
people look to England as children look to a parent. But there must come
a time wh^n even children grow up and strike out for themselves. Commer
cially Canada is still a child, albeit a very lusty and promising one. — Kansas
City Journal.
Nobody contends that the Government of Cuba by Cubans is an ideal
Government. Nobody expected it would be. But it is doing very well, and it
will do better ff th« efforts of interested busybodies are appraised at their
true value. — Philadelphia North American. (.'
At a New York Chamber of Commerce banquet, there were 409 guests
present, representing a wealth. In round numbers, of $2,000,000,000. Yet they
were unable to cat a bit more than 409 men whose combined capital was $2.~
Columbia (S. C) State.
Governor-elect Douglas of Massachusetts has sworn, as is required by
law, to the expenditure of $34,000 for his campaign. Advertising costa money,
but it Ifi bound to bring big returns. — Atlanta Constitution.
The unanimity with which the newspapers are referring to Pension Com
missioner Ware'* prospective "return to purgatory" cannot be otherwise than
highly pleasing to Kansas.— Chicago Tribune. ,
Young John D. Rockefeller says that entrance Into heaven cannot be
bought with money. Well, that Is something we never thought of trying.' — ■
Albany Times-Union.
Several explanations of theWpture of Missouri h.' ye been made, but to
date nobody has suggested that It was due to the Influence of Frank James. —
EIraSra Gazette. )
THE; SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, "MOXDAW DECEMBER 12, 1904.
BOLDNESS
OF THORPE
BY T. BLfilR EATON.
HE early frosts had done theii
Twork thorough!*-, and on either
side of tfie road the trees flaunted
gorgeous habiliments of gold and
Karlet.
As Thorpe, with his hands
thrust deep into his trousers pockets
and a briar pipe of honorable age be
tween his teeth, strode along the road
in the mellow sunshine of early after
noon, he hummed say arias and
thanked his sfars that he was alive-
He laughed boyishly when a startled
chipmunk scampered nimbly across his
path, and, from the safe seclusion of a
friendly maple, berated the intruder
roundly in a shrill chatter; he took
an imaginary shot at a partridge
which rose abruptly from a clump of
bushes; he sent a mocking challenge
to a flock of honking geese winging
their way southward.
Presently he came upon a fallen tree
lying invitingly by the roadside.
Thorpe accepted the tacit invitation,
and, seating himself upon the log, had
become engrossed in a friendly quarrel
between two belated blackbirds, when
he h»ard the clatter of hoofs and the
rattle of wheels comins down the road.
He peered cautiously around a bar
berry bush which obstructed his range
of vision, and beheld a trap approach
ing smartly. On the elevated driving
seat was a girl, correct in every detail
of her "park form," and beside her,
looking decidedly stunted bv reason
of his much lower scat, was a trim,
faultless and impassive groom.
Thorp* chuckled delightedly.
"By George!" he said, rising and
sneaking behind the barberry bush.
"By George!"
When the turnout reached his re
treat Thorpe sprang from the bushes
and caught the hors* by the bridle.
"Stand and deliver:" he cried, wav
ing the ancient briar menacingly, si
The onslaught was so sudden that
the girl gave, a little squeal of alarm,
which sh? Instantly tried to cover with
a nervous laugh, while the groom en
deavcred to atone for the momentary
unfolding of his arms by a magnificent
outward calm and an intent scrutiny
of the distant landscape.
"Oh, so it's only you, after all," said
th* girl, smiling down at him com?
posf-dly from, the el?vat«?d seat.
"Only me!" he exclaimed. "Now,
see here, I imagined I was a very
terrifying personality in my Claude
Duval role. I'm disappointed. You've
hur,t my feelings by not displaying
proper alarm."
The girl laughed.
"Well, sir. kindly notice I'm stand
ing. Now, what would you have me
deliver?" she asked.
Thorpe dropped the bridle and came
round, to the side of tbe trap.
"I think I'll be satisfied with a ride
back to town," he said.
The girl raised her eyebrows.
"I don't see where we can stow
you," she objected. ."■
"I think Haskins needs exercise."
said Thorpe, eyeing the groom critical
ly and favoring that worthy with a
meaning' wink. "He's beginning to
show flesh. Xow, a walk back to
town this af ternon would be the very
thing for him. Eh, Haskins, don't
you think so?"
Thorp* thrust his hand into his
pocket in a manner whose meaning
could not be mistaken, whereat ths
grinning Haskins sprang out with
alacrity.
"Yes. sir. Quite likely, sir." he said
as he began with much ostentation to
tighten a girth.
Thorpe slipped a coin into the
groom's hand and climbed into the
cart. \ ,
"Drive on," he commanded the girl
in stentorian tones.
"Toil certainly are a bold highway
man," she said. "I suppose I must
obey." v
"My temper is uncertain," he remind
ed her. K
The girl flicked the cob lightly with
the whip and they sped down the
road. Thorpe suddenly gathered the
reins into his own hands and headed
the cob in the opposite direction.
"That # Isn't the way to town," the
girl obs'erved.
"I know it," Thorpe returned calm
ly. "Had you any idea'l wanted to re
turn to town at once?"
"You said you wanted a ride* '- back
to town," she reminded him.
"I did, I'll admit." said he. "but I
didn't say I desired to take the direct
read there." ' t ,.'
"Well, where are you going?"- =she
apked.
BITS OF EARLY MORNING MERRIMENT
HE KNEW.
His Mamma— Gcorgle, you , must' use
your right hand.- :I don't want you to
become left-handed.
Georgie — Why, mamma, some of the
best pitchers on the diamond are left
handed. ' ' ' '
Thorpe smiled guardedly.
"I intend, with your assistance.", he
announced,' "to -drive to Paradise."
"What?" she gasped. *
Thorpe's grnile broadened- *"
"It may bs far; it may be near." he
said, musingly. "But that it lies some
where along this road I am foolishly
confident."
"What on earth are ybu talking
*?• .•,
"Stand and deliver,"' he
cried.
about? 8 she asked in amazement.
■ "It has long .-been conceded by
thoughtful theologians," said Thorpe,
oraculariy. "that Paradise is a state
rather than a place- I expect to enter
that felicitous state when you say
you'll marry me, Nan. and I expect
you to furnish ' me with admission
somewhere along this road. Am I
wrong in being optimistic?"
The girl surveyed the flaming autumn
colors in silence for a time.
"Suppose," she said at length, "that
— that I say you are wrong?"
Thorpe brought the cob to a stop.
"I shall get out and walk to — well,
rot Paradise," he sa!d.
The girl said nothing, and Thorpe
moved uneasily.
"Shall I wa!k?" he said.
"You'd — you'd better keep to the
original quest, it seems to me," she
said In low tones.
Thorpe passed her the reins and
laughed lightheartedly.
"Drive anywhere you wish," he said
generously.- "You can't take me out of
Paradise now."
(Copyright. 1904, by T. C. McClure.)
Campaign Comparisons.
When Lincoln was re-elected in 1864
only about $200,000 was spent by the
national committee in the Presidential
campaign. The national committees
this year, it is estimated, have dis
bursed a total of J5.000.000 in electing a
President. • Comparisons are orover
bfally odious, but these figures are so
widely apart that the analytical mind
cannot help carrying the comparison
further and noting the difference be
tween candidates also. If a Lincoln
cost the country a couple of hundred
thousand and a Parker or a Roosevelt
five millions, what twill be the cost of
the chief executive of 1944? For the
sake of Uncle Sam's pocket it is to be
hoped that there will be a slump in the
Presidential market by that time.
Deepest Gold Mine.
The deepest gold mine in the vorll is
said to be at Bendlgb, Australia. It is
called the New Chum Mine, and Us
main shaft is sunk to a depth of three
thousand nine hundred feet, or only
sixty feet short of thrge-quarters of a
mile. The most difficult problem of
working a mir.e of such a depth is how
to keen the tunnels and general work
ings cool enough for the minors to
work. The temperature is usually about
108 degrees, and this Is, of course, ter
ribly enervating. To make it possible
for the men to work' at all a spray of
cold water is let down from above and
kept continually playing on their
bodies. They are naRed from the waist
up.
POOR Cl!
Mandy— Now, Ci, when you, "git to
Noo York, den beSkeerfulan' don't let
any of thtm :there • thieves git a hold
of ye! Jes 1 go right \ straight to» Mr.
Goldbrick an 1 do your biznlss and. come
right hum. '
Ci— Thet is Jes' what I mean ter 'do,
Mandy. ; .
MORE INTERESTING THAN
A NOVEL THE STUDY
OF HUMAN LIVES.
Bu Daroth'i Fenlmore.
\ fy\ ARK you those kindling eyes
4 4/1 V wlth love-light
III brave —
fJ.v * The buoyant step, and
flash of laughter gay?
burn the bonfires of a
t human' heart,
To hold the wolves of memory at
. s bay."
How little we know of the people
about us. We see them, not as they
really are. but as our own experience
fits us to see them. To untried youth
the night-watch of a sorrowing soul
may look like midnight revelry. It is
only despair which teaches one the
value of a laugh, the futility of tears.
The act of observing the people
about you with the view of penetrat
ing the secret romance of their lives is
in more respects trfan the obvious one.
like reading a no*^?l. When you read
a book what is it that you gain? Do
yoji get the fullness of the writer's
thought? You have his words, and
what they mean to. you; but that i3
all you have. What they meant to
him who wrote them it is beyond your
power even to know.
Just so with the human document.
When you have closed this book, what
have you that you did not have be
fore? Have you the facts cf anoth
er's life? Yes. possibly you have the
facts, but they do not necessarily con
stitute the truth about the one whom
you have betn studying. The only
truth that you have gained is that
which, in your interpretation of an
other's acts and motives, you have dug
out of your own souL
This is the reason why we worne'R
judge a man by his capacity for lor
ing. Love is our natural life, and de
termines, therefore, our standard of
value. In our eyes the man who. by
word or act, refuses to recognize the
power of iove, dwarfs his own propor
tione. We feel that his inherent egot
ism, which wa3 certainly meant by his
Creator to carry him toward the goal
of his desires, is like a loose sail flap
ping in the wind, retarding his prog
ress, instead of helping him onward.
Of course, in taking this view of
things we are not reading men; we are
reading ourselves. Whv men are thus
and so it is beyond a woman's power
to fathom. She can see in the men
about her qualities that she herself pos
sesses. She can interpret their acts by
the' effect that they have upon her
own life. She can perceive the influ
ence of her own personality in the pow
er that she has for good or evil. It Is
her right — the grift alike of instinct and
cf logic — to believe in a masculine
strength, which is the complement of
her feminine weakness. Beyond thiB
point she cannot go by any arts of
divination which heaven has given her.
A reader of these articles has written
to me that he thinks that I am gen
erous to men. I trust that no one of
you will think that I am ungenerous
to women when I say that I think the
responsibilities of the world they live in
rests mainlv on their shoulders. .They
set the fashion in love as as in
morals' For many of the failings of
men the women have only themselves
to blame. They have been too wasteful
cf their heritage and too careless of
their privileges.
It is as the English moralist declares
— the buckling on of a knight's armor
by his lady's hand in days of old means
more to us than a mere caprice of ro
mantic fashion. Rather it is the type
of an eternal truth— "that the so'ul's
armor is nsver well set to the heart
unless a woman's hand has braced it;
and It is only when she braces it loose
ly that the honor of manhood fails."
A Kcul Hatpin.
It is claimed that at last a hat pin
has been invented. The so called hat
pins are mere anchors that are drag
ged off when the wind blotvs, and It is
at that time that they are needed.
This hat pin is said to be one that
will actually hold a hat en a woman's
head. It is made in such a way that
a sort of safety pin is pinned inside
the hat: through this run three blunt
prongs, resembling hair pins. These
prongs are run through pins placed at
each side of the hat. They are fast
ened through the hat by a pin with an
ornamental head, a pearl, a flower or
some simple design.
The pir.s hold the hat securely, so it
is said, and do not make unsightly
holes -in the braid or hat material. y
A man invented this wonderful af
fair. *,v'.t-
She— You told me when we • were
married that you were well off.
He — I was, but I didn't know it —
Chicago News.
CERTAINLY.
Wigson— How are you making out
with that new automobile hearse of
yours?, "
Wagson — Great; people are just dy
ing to ride in it.
\MIRROR_OM)WE FASHION' I
_ jR a chapeau that will be plain enough for wear with the znorcin* thirt-
CT waist euit or the severe wooltex tailor-made, and still hold Its own in
\ the afternoon parade this smartly simple shape in shirred taffetas of
' fers an excellent model. The crown is the new diamond shape, long
point back and front, and spreading out to a further point on either side.
The becoming effect of velvet over tb* face is observed In the broad edge of
velvet that makes the brim, and the crown Is encircled with velvet ribbon,
cleverly tucked into loops that accentuate each point of the diamond-shaped
crown, a splashing jet buckle adorning the front. A very shallow bandeau
is tucked into the head size, which gives the shape a dashing tilt, and a
group of Prince of Wales ostrich tips are posed as a finish beneath the brim
on the left side.
HOME COOKERY.
Marble Cake— Fof the light batter
cre.am cne-half cupful of butter with
one cupful of powdered sugW until
very light. Add a pinch of salt, the
stiffly whipped whites of four eggs a/»d
one-half of a teaspoonful of vanilla.
Beat in alternately one-half of a cup
ful of milk and N three cupfuls of flour,
then mix in last one ' teaspoonful of
baking powder.
For the dark batter cream one-half
of a cupful of butter with one cupful
of dark brown sugar, add one-half of a
cupful of molasses, the yolks- of the
four eggs well beaten and a pinch of
salt. Add alternately three cupfuls of
flour and one-half of a cupful of sour
milk, to which one-half of a teaspoon
ful of soda dissolved in a few drops o*
warm water has been added: beat in
one scant teaspoonful of ground mixed
spice and three teaspoonfuls of cocoa
and beat hard. Put the two batters in
alternate layers and streaks in a large
loaf pan and bake in a moderate oven
from forty to sixty minutes, according
to thickness, or if preferred bake in two
smaller oanp. *
Italian Chicken and Macaroni — Cut
up a chicken and boll It until tender;
while the chicken is cooking dip out a
pint of the chicken broth into another
stewpan and put with it a small onion
sliced, one tablespoon butter and quar
ter nound macaroni broken into inch
pieces; cook until the water has al
ready boiled away, then add one cup of
cream and cook slowly until the maca
roni has absorbed the milk; sprinkle
grated cheese over it; boil the chicken
liquor till reduced to one pint, remove
the fat. thicken slightly with flour wet
in- cold water, cook ten minutes, add
salt and pepper, pour the macaroni
over the chicken and the sauce over
the whole. / »
First Class Travel.
The old saying that "only lords,
Americans and fools travel first class
in England" v/as being discussed at a
dinner in New York recently. Israel
Zangwill, the well-known author, was
one of the party. "I always travel
third class," said Mr. Zangwill.
"Why." some one asked. "Because
there is no fourth class."
One Thousand Words n Minute.
A recent mechanical wonder is a tele
graphic instrument that sends 1000
words a minute 1000 miles in length.
A human operator can transmit fifty
words a m'.nute.
Townse-nd's California Glace fruits in
artistic fire-etched boxes. 715 Market st.
and Wekelee's Drug Store. •
Special Information supplied daily ta
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (.Allen's j. 30 Call*
forma street. Telephone Main 1042. *
TO PAY THOSE BILLS.
Mrs. Byonne Koyne — I told her you
were steadfast and true. That I could
always bank on you.
Mr. .Koyne — I always suspected that
you thought I was a bank.
ANSWERS.
STREET NUMBERS— Subscriber.
Under the generaf orders and or
dinances for San Francisco the follow
ing rule regulates the numbering o'
houses: "One number shall be allowed
for each one-fiftieth of the^frontaee in
each block between two main streets.
but in no case shall a number be al
lowed for less than eight feet of front
age."
FORTY-FIVt:— N., San Pablo. Cai.
In the came of forty- five the five
first, knave the second in order when
trumps and the ace of hearts i3 always
trump and ranks as the third best card.
The holder of the live ory^Bave has th»»
privilege of revoking when it suits
him to do so — that is. he may retain
the five or knave of trumps In his
hand although trump be led, and the
holder pf the a^e of hearts has also the
privile^ of revoking from any trump
but the five or knave; but In all other
CJ.ses the players must fellow the
suit when trumps are led under pen
alty of forfeiting the game. The rules
of the .eamo do not say that "if the five
of tramps is not played the best trump
counts ten points."
BALLOOX-M. G. H.. Oakland. Cai.
The Donaldson balloon ascension took
place in Chicago July 15, 1ST3. Professor
Donaldson, who had made a number of
air voyages from St. Louis and else
where, started at Chicago on another
voyage, having as a companion Newton
S. Grim wood, a reporter for the Chi
cago Evening Journal. The last that
was seen of the voyagers was when th^
balloon was about twelve miles out over
the lake. A windstorm arose and It i3
supposed that the balloon wlth^its voy
agers was lost. Subsequently human
remains were found on the shore of
Lake 31ichigan between Montague and
Stony Creek, and although it was im
possible to Identify them It was sup
posed that they were those of Grim
wood. No trace was ever discovered of
Donaldson.
KNIGHTS TEMPLAR— J. R. C. Los
Gatos, Cai. The Knights Templar owe
the origin of their organization to a re
ligious and military order, founded at
Jerusalem In the beginning of the
twelfth century by Hugues de Pagncs.
Geoffrey de St. Omar and seven other
French Knights for the protection oJ
the holy sepulcher. and of pilgrims re
sorting thither. Governors were ap
pointed in every country, known as
rcastera^ot the temple. By degrees the
ranks. which x at first were filled by
wealthy laymen, were thrown open to
"spiritual persons not bound by pre
vious vows," and finally* laymen of
humble birth were admitted as serving
members. Knights Templar is a desig
nation given In. Free Masonry to tha
"commanderies, which are the repre
sentatives of the ancient Knight3 Tem
plar. V
TOO BAD.
"Wendel— We can hardly get anything
to tat at our boardlng-housa.
Katie— Why ? <8B&Bi
Kldder— "We've got a Japanese cooS
and the waiter is a Russian sympa
thizer.ACTIVITY IN THE CLUBS IS
A CURE FOR "NERVES." '
SUCH IS A PHYSICIAN'S OPINION
Monotony and Repression Thus Relieved
BY LACKA BRIDE POWERS.
"As a cure for feminine nerves, I
know of nothing more effective than
y omen's clubs — the active type of wom
en's clubs" — so saith a thoughtful
medical man, and his declaration pro
claimed him a man of perspicacity far
beyond his sex.
Of a truth. -women's clubs serve a&
exhaust-pipes for Teminine energy—
likewise as supply-pipes for such as
nted mental infusion. In clubs of
whatever type, be they cultured or so
cial or civic, there is something for
each woman to do, and it is in the do
-•g — the mental excitation caused by
the new, exhilarating duties— that
physicians are at last finding a cure
"for their patients with "nerves."' The
theory is that, in proportion to the
forgetfulness of self— in exhilaration—
be it in work . or play — do the nerves
recover their tensity, and the mind its
perspective. Then comes harmony,
then content, then health — and never a
box of pills in eight.
Monotony is the poison that is eat
ing out the lives of women, and par
ticularly of women of San Francisco,
v'here the cl!rpatic*and economic con
ditions conduce to nervous tenslonl
.Here repression becomes necessary, and
iJ. is this long, unbroken repression —
without ventilation — that is causing
the tragedies that the newsmongers re
j)urt at each day's dawn. Monotony and
repression — these are the diseases that
prey upon the vitality of women, and
which in time consume it with the
greed of a vampire.
And now, at last, comes a wise old
doctor, who doesn't prescribe a "trip
to the country," a pound or two of
strychnine, or a rest cure, with its vil
lainies, for his women patients with
"nerves," but he tells th«>m to "join a
club — one whose work is of direct ln
t*-re»t to them," and to work in it with
a will. The absorption therein is to do
the rest — and the strangest part of it
all is that the scheme really works, un
like many medical schemes that ought
to. but don't.
. And herein lies a new use for our
fast growing clubs, of which there are
cow in the city 446, with S000 members.
Fellow club women, methinks that
rtjedical gentleman — the wise man of his
•Cay and generation — Is a fit fellow for a
toast at the next State federation. Any
rnan with discernment enough to recog
nize the necefsity for mental and social
stimulus among women is a public
benefector, likewise a prophet—there
tem let us honor him.
Tn-day is a "mad" day in clubdom.
There are no fewer than three large
gatherings this afternoon, the
Women's Press Association, the Philo
math Club and the Contemporary.
■ Thp Women's Press Association, J.Irs.
Laura Y. Pinn^y president, will meet
at Century Hall and present an ex
hibit v.f booklets, the books, magazine
v.ork and newspaper work of its mem
bers, to be followed by the following
-programme i
Vocal Brtloi Miss Millie Flynn; selec
tions from the portfolio — poem by
Elizabeth Vorc. sonnet by Mrs. Lorena
Echutze. read by Ella M. Sexton; short
Ftcry, "His Honeymoon," by Mrs.
Laura Bride Powers; violin solo, "Bal
lade Polonaise" (Yieuxtemps), Miss
Vale-sea Schcrcht, accompanist' Mrs.
Roy Lyon; "The Mariposa Lily," by
Ir.a D. Coolbrith, read by Mrs. Julia
Sanborn: "Talk About Books and Au
thors," Laura Y. Pinney.
At three the women of this enter
prising club get busy. At five they
Ferve tea — and 'tis tea of excellent
brew.
• The Philomath Club. Mrs. Julius
Kahn president, promises a famous
treat to-day, when Mrs. Mary Prag
will give a talk upon her "Experiences
Amonc the Mormons in Utah." Now,
a!i who know Mrs. Prag — and among
Oiris* High School mal<i c and matrons,
.r>c.«t and present, who doesn't? — know
■with what vividness the speaker por
trays her subject. She will draw the
picture upon your brain as she did al
gebra upon mine.
The- club meets at 1439 Bush street,
at the hour of three.
The Contemporary Club, -Mrs. C. H.
Waid president, is to have a musical
day. with favorite composers and ciev
?r ini-rpreters.
' Th«: ciub holds a membership of over
V«) and will entertain to-day many
«UT?StE.
On Wednesday. Miss Anna Strunsky
trill talk to the Forum Club about Wil
l'am Morris, the artist, poet and so
cialist.
k Hiss Btrunsky. who is unquostion
r>bly one of the most fascinating
POSTOI /CEREAJL.
TO HAXDLK MEX.
T<* Do J»o KnccrsRfnlljr One Must Ac-
quire Self -Control.
A foreman in a groat locomotive
tverks t*ll« how he acquired self-con-
trol aftrr it had be«-n lost through the
coffee habit:
"I find myself obliged to write you
sbout Posium Coffee," he premises. "I
•have been a great tea and coffee
! drinker for over forty years and can
Kny that it made me almost a total
wreck. I am a night foreman in the
American Locomotive Company, and
have to take my dinner with me; also
a bottle of tea or coffee. In time it
got to be so that there was not a
tuuhl. for over a year, but that I
would have a headache or heartburn
or both. I went to the doctors almost
ever)' week to see if they could do
pcmething for me. They said it was
the tobacco habit that did the mis-
chief.
"So I gave tip tobacco, but it did not
hrlp me any. I got so nervous that the
rr.en'i under me did not like to work
for me as I couM noUuse them as men
ought to be used. I was nervous. Irrit-
able and would find fault all the time.
"Two months ago I took dinner with
Feme friends who gave me what I sup-
j.ored was a cuj> of coffee. They ex-
plained that it was Postum Coffee and
my friend's wife said that she had
tired It about six months and that clur-
ing that time had no headache such
n»= she was formerly subject to, and
that rhe felt so well all the time.
That evening I took a package of Pos-
tum home with me and began us-
ing it.
'The result proved that th,e doctors
were wrong — it was not tobacco but
tea and coffse that upset me so. Dur-
ing the two months that I have used
PoHtum I have had neither headache
nor heartburn, my nervousness has
left me and I have gained 14 pounds
In wetght.
"Use this if you want to, as I have
got twenty-four families to drinking
Postum Instead of coffee. They saw
■what it had done for me." Name/given
by Postum Company, Battle Creek,
women, heard in. the clubs these many
moons, decrees that on Wednesday
she will make her last club talk, ar
riving: at this conclusion by the tax
upon her time, which is now almost
entirely absorbed with her literary
work ana her socialistic investigations.
A captivating little socialist she is, in'
truth.
Renewed interest has been awak
ened in the Calaveras Big Tree bill
through the introduction of a set or
resolutions favoring the purchase of
the trees by the national Government.
This was forwarded by the Outdoor
Art League to the General Federation
of Women's Clubs during the recent
session at St. Louis. Mrs. Denison,
president of the Generar Federation,
consented to have the resolutions pre
sented to the federation at large, and
Miss Lydia P. Williams, Mrs. Mils
paugh of Chicago, Mrs. Burdette ami
Mrs. Xumford. chairman of the for«
estry department of the General Fed
eration, all spoke to these resolution*
upon request of the league. . . /
The efforts to save the Calaveras
Big Trees received an impetus at the
World's Fair. Thousands of people
visited the California forestry exhibi
tion, where were pictures of the Big
Trees, and daily explanatory lectures
were given on the subject.
. The league has received many let
ters in regard to the present status of
the bill, and offers of Kelp in carrying
on the work are coming to hand from
many other States.
The league had an enjoyable outing
on Saturday. December 3. The ladies
and several of the gentlemen associate
members ascended to Twin Peaks and
visited Architect Burnham's recently
completed \bungalowl
The San Francisco Musical Club is
doing famously good work this winter.
On December 1 the following pro
gramme was presented in right clever
fashion:
Raff— Finale from Concerto in E flat
major, Mrs. George L. Alexander; or
chestral score arranged for second
piano, Mrs. Grace Loring Williams.
Rheinberger — Songs: (a) •'Amalie," (b)
"Die Einsame Muehle," Mrs. Blanche
King Arnold. Raff— Prelude from
suite for pianoforte, Mrs. A. B. C.
Dohrmann. Raff— Songs: (a) "Ave
Marie," <.b) "Love Finds the Way,"
Miss EHa V. McCloskey. Rheinberger
— 'Clarice of Eberstein," ballad . for
soli, quartet and piano; sopranos —
Mrs. Benjamin Apple, Miss Camille
Frank: contraltos— MiS3 Ella V. Mc-
Closkey. Miss Leola Spofford Stone;
tenor, Frank Onslow; barytone, S.
Homer Henley; piano, Mrs. Sadie T.
Inman.
At the previous meeting the follow
ing works of English composers were
rendered:
Kir Edward Elgar— "Salut d'Amour,"
trio, piano, violin, violoncello, Mrs.
George Alexander, Mrs. John Gwynn,
Mrs. Eugene Holden; songs — Henry
Bishop, "I>id Me Discourse," Sir Ar
thur Sullivan, "Orpheus With His
Lute," Mrs. William Jenkins; Henry
Bishop, "Hark to the Rolling Drum"
(old English round for three voices),
Miss EU3. Eiben, Miss Marian Cum
ming. Miss Louise Feldheim; Sir Ed
ward Elgar, songs from sea pictures —
(a) "The Swimmer," (b) "Where. Co
rals Lie," (c) "In Haven," Mrs. Wal
lace Wheaton Briggs; A. Goring
Thomas, "O Mv Heart Is Weary"
( from the opera of "Xadeshda"). Miss
Louise Feldheim; Sir Arthur Sullivan,
"Evening Song (words from Longfel
low's "Golden Legent") ; S. Coleridge
Taylor. "Comfort" (words by Eliza
beth Barrett Browning), Miss Leola
Spofford Stone: Sir Sterndale Bennett,
"Rondo Placevole," Miss Ernestine
Goldman; John Hatten, duet, "Come,
Sister Elves.". Mrs. William Jenkins.
Miss Leola Stone.
On Thursday, December 29, the Cat)
and Bells will have a special day of
good fun. Each member holds the
privilege of inviting throe guests — and
the privilege is not likely to be over
looked.-'
The Cap and Bells is never stupid —
never dull.
The Laurel Hall Club, Mrs. Ella M.
Sexton president, held its first Decem
ber meeting last Wednesady. After a
short business session the following
programme was enjoyed: Piano solos,
Miss Mabel Porter, (a) aria with vari
ations (Louis Pabst), (b) "Idilio." (T.
Lack; lecture, with stereopticon views.
"The Land of the Midnight Sun,"
Professor Benjamin Johnson of New
York. Excellent tea is brewed here
ar Laure! Hall, accompanied by much
good fellowship. >;..„,
The Corona Club presented the fol
lowing interesting »>ro gramme on De
cember 8: Short address, Mrs. J.
Lowenberg of the Laurel Hall Club;
autobiographies of two citizens — "Ben
.1nmin Franklin," paper, Carrie Le
Morton: "Jacob Riis," paper, Mrs.
Robert McLellan.
PERSONAL.
R. S. Macdougall of Manila is at 'the
St. Francis.
P. McRae, an oil man of Hanford, is
at the Grand.
M. C. Dawson and wife of Tacoma
are at the Lick.
B. G. McDougaTi and wife of Fresno
are at the Occidental.
A. C. Huston, an attorney of Wood
land, is at the Grand.
C. L. LaRue, a prominent politician
of Oroville, is at the Grand.
Fred J. Brew and Charles E. Lenz of
New York, are at the Palace.
J. R. Prince, a mining man of Tuol
umne County, Is at the Palace.
William Geary, a well-known mer
chant of Sacramento, Is at the Palace.
A. L. Shlnn, an attorney of Sacra
mento, arrived at the Grand yesterday.
A. L. Cressy, a w§ll-known banker
of Modesto, and his wife are at the St.
Francis. *
W. L. Carter, a jeweler of Santa
Rosa, and his wife are guests at the
Occidental. -
William "P; Hammon, president of the
big dredging company at Oroville, Is at
the Palace.
E. A. Forbes, attorney for a number
of big mining enterprises near Marys
vllle, is at the Palace.
F. W. Mahl, who is connected with
the Southern Pacific Company at Sac
ramento, is at the Grand.
George E. Catts, one of Stockton's
leading attorneys, was among yester
day's arrivals at the Lick.
Among yesterday's, arrivals at the
Palace were George Gooderham, a
wealthy distiller of Toronto, and the
members of his family.
Weil-Known Preacher Dies.
NEW YORK, Dec. 11. — Rev. John
W. Chadwick. the well-known Uni
tarian preacher and writer, died to
day of heart > disease at his home In
Brooklyn, aged 65 years.
•THE SAN FRANCISCO ~ GALL, MONjD AY, DECEMBER 12, 1904.
SOCIAL PLEASURES
ARE OF QUIET SORT
m\^mim\wkmwi
The past week has been, one of quiet
pleasure. The fever heat of excitement
and festivity has simmered down, but
thoughts are at "present centered upon,
the approach of Christmas and its
pleasant duties. The dancing clubs and
other merrymakers are temporarily in
active, and even Cupid has been some
what inattentive^ though there are signs
of his existence.
ENGAGEMENTS.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Mabel Pattinson to -H. A. Dutton of
Ocean Park! Miss Pattinson is a mem
ber of the junior class of the Univer
sity of California, and Mr. Dutton
graduated from the university with the
class of 1903. The weddfngr is to take
place in the spring.
Mrs. H. Marks of 1315 O'Farrell street
announces the engagement of ' her
daughter Etta to Alva M. Posner.
Mr. and Mrs. L. Harris announce the
engagement of their daughter Rose to
H. Simon of Seattle. A reception will
be held at 625 Xatoma street, from 2
to B o'clock, on Sunday, December 18.
WEDDINGS.
The wadding of Miss Margarel May
Redfern of Kansas Citvi KansV and
Frederick Garfield Nutting took place
at the home of the groom's parents,
1216- Jones street, on Wednesday even
ing, November* 30. The brid£ was at
tended by the groom's sister, Miss
Marion Nutting; and the groom by B 4 .
Garland, Rev. S. J v Lee officiating.
After a wedding trip to Southern Cali
fornia Mr. and Mrs. Nutting will reside
at 1216 Jones street, and will announce
a reception.
Miss Rose Brentano of Jacksonville,
Oiv, and Allen M. Gilmer were united
in marriage yesterday afternoon by the
Rev. Dr. Sanford at the home of the
groom's sister, Mrs. F. M. Overbeck, 117
Hermann street. The bride is a prom
inent society belle of Oregon, and the
groom is a rising young mining en
gineer. v-V>
HOME PARTIES.
The guests of the Hotel Wentworth
gave a very pleasant party on Thanks
giving evening. The hall used for en
tertainment was decorated with ever
greens and berries. Dancing was the
leading feature, though there were sev
eral. Instrumental and vocal solos in
terspersed. Those who had charge of
the floor and who helped to make the
affair successful were Daniel G. Cole
man. S. H. Simpson, Burt Hawkes, R.
E. Matthews, W. A. Gillespie, ' Leo
Charles de Soucy, Roger Lennon, Mark
Lennon and Leander Shores. x
A surprise party was given to Mrs.
F. W. Paige on the evening of Decem
ber 1 in her apartments at the St.
Louis. Miss Happy Wallingford and
F. W. Paige, who were' the promoters
of the pleasant affair, had decorated
the hall and rooms tastefully with smi
lax and tlnV lights. The guests were
Mr. and Mrs. E. T. Layne, Major James
Kip, Dr. S. W. Means. Dr. V. E. Put
nam, Dr. A. C Huntley, Mrs. Frank
Wallingford, Miss Happy Wallingford,
Miss Mamie Croke, Miss Clare Jordan,
Miss Lillian Jordan, P. D. Green, Har
ry Houdlett, Ernest Houdlett. Miss
Helen Thorp. Miss Jessie Boynton, Mlsg
Elsie Feist, Miss Evelyn Levison, Scott
Ross, Mr. and Mrs. B. F. Day and Mr.
and Mrs. Paige.
Mrs. and Miss Hazel Dodge, who are
spending the winter In San Francisco,
gave an "at home" at their residence,
1229 O'Farrell street, on Wednesday
evening -last.
Mrs. C. Goetz has recently returned
from the Hawaiian Islands. On Tues
day last she entertained the members
of the Confidential Club at a tea.
Among those present were Mrs. K.
Hisgen, Mrs. H. Hollman, Mrs. A.
Legge, Mrs. N. Nelson, Mrs. G. Kneese,
Mrs. G. Blohm, Mrs. J. Hasllnger, Mrs.
A. Drucker and Mrs. C. Goetz.
Mr. and Mrs.' Martin Rathjen cele
brated the tenth anniversary of their
marriage on November 29 at their
home, 2101 Lombard street. The house
was prettily decorated, and with danc
ing, songs and games the guests spent
a delightful evening. Those who en
joyed the event were Mr. and Mrs. M.
Rathjen, Mr. and Mrs. H. Rathjen, Mr.
and Mrs. H. T. Sengstacken, P. W.
W ot>Der > Mrs - William Wobber, Mr. and
Mrs. John Harry, Mr. and Mrs. Law
rence Bauer, Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Ritter,
Mrs. J. P. Engle, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam Wieboldt, Miss Dora Koerber,
Miss Louise Koefber, Miss Louise Goe
decke. Miss Minnie Goedecke, Miss Liz
zie Tietjen, Oscar Wobber, Harold Wob
ber and Henry Koerber.
The first anniversary of their wed
ding day was celebrated by Mr. and
Mrs. J. A. Hall at their home on Cali
fornia street on December 6. The even
ing was pleasantly passed In music
and recitation, several piano and vocal
solos being given by Mrs. E. Tully. The
other guests were Mr. and Mrs. Fred
erick Kramer, Mr. and Mrs. C. Ny
strom, Mr. and Mrs. C. Karnstelner,
Mrs. E. Tully, Miss Estella Petersen,
Miss Charlotte Karnstelner, Miss K.
Betsche, W. C. Kramer, Benjamin Gar
ren and A. Petersen.
CLUB PARTIES.
The Australian Coo-ee Club held a
very enjoyable social gathering at the
club, parlors on Tuesday evening, De
cember 6, Uiere being a large attend
ance of members and visiting Aus-.
tralians. A . very interesting pro
gramme was. rendered, a special
feature of which were several vocal
selections by Oliver Reece. barytone,
who is shortly to make a public ap
pearance in this city. Among those
who contributed to the evening's.en
tertainment were Miss Violet > Kohn,
Dr. I. / Myers. Messrs. J., ? f/'. Frair,
Wheeler, Lawson, "H./ J. Pollard; and
S. Goldstein. Dr. J. gave
a brief, address on the "Beauties ' of
New Zealand" and Cas-Hambra* read
a paper on Australia. Later in the
evening the club heartily welcomed
the Clarence sisters, Australian vaude
ville stars.
At a> previous meeting of the club
the following officers were elected:
President, Rev. I. Myers? first vice
president, W. Smellie; second- vice
president, Dr. J. Hathaway; secretary,
S. Goldstein; members of committee—
Miss R. G. Nathan. Mmei " Cas-Ham
bra, W.- J. Bajier, T. W. Bewley - and
J. F. Frair;
The El Salero Dancing Club gave a
leap year party on November 26 in
Hinman's Hall.
The young ladies were very «hos
pitable and carried their responsibili
ties creditably. .. ">■>
Miss Florence Hiinstan was floor
manager and Miss Lucy Dodd led the
german.
PERSONAL.
Mr. and Mrs. 3: Wilzinski have gone
to Oakland to reside. ■> :
Mr. and Mrs. Solomon Rogers of
Seattle are at the Palace.
Dr. Logan Tooley of Willows, Colusa
County, has been visiting his daughter,
Mrs. Logan Tooley-Clark, in this city.
Mr. and Mrs. James C. H. Ferguson
returned, a few days ago from a trip
through the East, also visiting:: the ex
position.
P. F. Duhflon. with his daughters,
Mips Mary Dundon and Miss Eliza
beth Dundon, has returned from a
two months' Eastern trip. ;„„, ... ,
Mr. and Mrs. NV P. Spitz and Miss
Hannah Spitz, who have recently
moved into their new home at 1850
Geary street, will receive on Saturdays.
Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Scameli have
returned from their wedding trip
through Southern California and are
living in their new home on Deyisa
dero street.
Miss Elsie ! Gruttner of Redding,
v/ho has been . visiting Mrs. N. C.
Ames and her brother, Dr. Albert
Gruttner, in this city, has returned to
her home in Redding."
Christmas Pictures.
In the new art gallery of Sanborn,
Vail & Co. you' will find a most beautiful
collection of moderate .priced pictures —
oil paintings, water. colors and pastels In
gold frames. Photographs, etchings and
engravings In Flemish oak and carbon
frames. Our prices are as low as any
body's and our assortment is greater
than everybody's. Come and see the gal
lery anyway. Sanborn. Vajl &. Co.j 741
Market street. Open evenings. •*
KOPTA CONCERT
PLEASES LOVERS
OF GOOD MUSIC
A fair audience gathered to hear
the third of the Kopta Quartet con
certs yesterday afternoon at Lyric
Hall anoLseemed heartily to. enjoy the
interesting matter presented. The
audiences at these concerts, by the
way, are *iot what they should be as
to. number. Musically, they are all
they should be, for the musicians are
always there in their 'faithful scores.
But the music lovers, the students to
whom chamber music as well done as
it is done by the Kopta people should
especially appeal, are in a rather ab
surd minority. Perhaps It is not whol
ly their fault. The concerts are oij*y
modestly advertised. Still, it is the
student and music lover's duty to'be
come aware of such things, knowing
that they are not. of the blllboarded
variety of entertainment. And the
series can be most heartily recom
mended. At each concert some new
work of significance Is presented, and
some of the. classics revived, and al
ways worthily.
Yesterday afternoon the head and
front of the programme was ' the
beautiful Schumann'' quartet op. 41,
No. 1. To hear only the adagio was
worth going through yesterday's fog
for. Perhaps Mr. Kopta was a little
Inclined to hasten its Greek flow,
which, with the truer pulse of' the
'cello, slightly confused the measure,
but, on the whole, it was charmingly
played. The' other movements were,
all given with nice sympathy, the hu
morous imitations in the finale coming
with particular precision and fluency.
Arensky, in the piano quintet op.
51, furnished the afternoon's novelty.
Special color, either racial or per
sonal, one does not find in much evi
dence, here. The work Is essentially
modern, in form rather remarkable
for the length of the scherzo and the
shortness of the finale. 1 - Best, per
ha"ps, of its* four movements are the
variations, of them the theme, broad,
distinctive and very gratefully har
monized. Schumann is slightly sug
gested in the treatment of the varia
tions, and there, are many charming
moments. The scherzo is clever In
the French fashion, piquant, • "slick"
and a little obvious. One needs more
than one hearing of the opening al
legro. A ponderous and rather con
fused movement It appears, dramatic
and colorful however, but lacking
definition.^ In addition, it was less
well played than the rest, in which
the players gave ' admirable account
of themselves. Mrs. Mansfeldt, nota
bly In some solo passages of the an
danta, was her most sympathetic and
discreet self. The other movements
were an adagio of Lachner's and the
Cherubini scherzo from the first quar
tet. - BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
Plan Your Christmas Trip Now.
Agents of the Southern Pacific •will sell
round trip tickets at reduced rates for Christ
m*B and New Years. . TlcRets sold December
24, 25 and 26. will be good to return until De
cember 27, while tickets sold December 31 and
January 1 will be good to return until January
3, IOCS. . \ , ;.--.;.
■ The Christmas season Is tne time for family
reunions and visits to friends and kindred.
Take advantage cf ' these reduced rates aW
make a pleasant trip home. " Full information
of any agent, or at city ticket office, 613 Mar
ket street, r • " . - _• .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CAStORlA
For Infants and Children.
[he Kind You Hays Always Bought
Bears the Sjtf , SZ$J^#T
Signature of w^s/^fV%dS>££i/
EVER^BLADEWRRANTED
/ ADVERTISEMENTS. - '
G M O SING OUT
OUR SEATTLE
THEY ABE DOING OUT AB FAST AS WE OAST DEX.IATER THEM. Don't wait; make your selection right now. There
are st^ll 200 to choose from. We will jive you your own terms, but every piano of our Seattle stock must be out of our
San Francisco warerooms before the first of the year. If you are not ready to buy we will rent you a piano from
S2.00 per month up and allow you all you have .paid durinpr the first, six months to apply toward, the purchase of the piano
you have rented or any other you may select. If you have an old piano v/e will allow you all it can be sold for. This is
more than any other house will do. It costs you nothing to look over this store and we will set any piano aside for you
until^the first. This opportunity to get such values will never occur again.
Here are some of the prices, which will give you an idea. No square pianos advertised — we are giving them away.
50 bsautiful new Stark pianos, in all , 3 Fischer $90, 9125, $180 Antisell «4O
woods, sold at factory for $330; we 1 Heine baby grand, formerly $000. Occidental ••.". .7.""" ""'"" *"***' I33
are selling them for : $223 now . J $475 Collard 837
- s n t ot nw Y. u ?. r . i ! h !?^ ew $!ig,°«75 n e a r be Bros-:::::::::::::::::::::^?? %}{?$£ Hamlln - !2£^S?£S?
3 Emerson $90, $98, $140 New England .31S5 Gabler . . . .7.7.". «369
1 Sohmer. $130 1 Miller $130 Krell *'""" S32«
1 Vv£, ries> frOm .,.-$135 to JM5 ljewett $ai4 Heine, discontinued style" ii! '.'.I '.'. '. :$473
I Weber ■ .$115 Sherman & Hyde $117 Smith & Barnes S195
1 Chlckerlner • .......$185 Puller $97 Hallet & Davis $190
17 used Heine, regular stock price . Neuman $85 Conover MIS
$475. $700. now . . $225 -to $300 Conrad. $67 Steger . * * "t35o
1 Oabler, formerly, $600, now. . . . . . .$330 Filsher ~ $50 Singer .. ............... .■*££"
1 Kimball, formerly $218, now. ..... .$98 ; Crow and Christopher $35 Gabler. discontinued* style' '. '.'.'.'.'.'.'. !$37S
In fact, any make you can think of. Beautiful new uprights usually sold for $460 at 8225? $250 pianos at $125. etc.. eta
OPEN DAY AND NIGHT IA/HILE THEV LAsV
HEI NE
CO., 235-237 GEARY ST., S. F. f ON THE SQUARE. Oakland, 1252 Broadway
ROYALTY* AIDS UNEMPLOYED.
LONDON, Dec. 11. — Lord Mayor
Pound has issued an appeal for fund3
for the relief of the unemployed of
London. King Edward haa con
tributed $1250; Queen Alexandra.
$1000; the'Prince of Wales, $500; the
Princess of Whales, $2oo'; Lord Iveagh,
$25,000; the Rothschilds, $15,000; the
Duke of Westminster $10,000, and the
Peabody trustees, $25,000.
A DVERTISEMEXTS.
from oil the ''-{V
I Great Art Centers '
of the World we
have gathered/Sir
this Season's Trade M=>
the largest, finest j|
and most elaborate
selection of
!> ART
GOODS
We have «vtr carried » r to
Deautiful Gifts W
y from $I.Qp U p A
Open Evening* I
SMGumpCaJIf
113 Peary >Str«t Jjt \
Useful Gift
High
Grade \v\
My lines of Cutlery are very choice, and
my prices are made relative to -quality.
When you buy a Knife or Razor 0? me you
• may rest assured that you have secured a
good value for. your money.
GILLETTE SAFETY RAZOR requires
' nothoning or stropping. Is convenient, dur-
! able, and shaves delightfully. Price ?3.OO.
-*:- STAR SAFpTV RAZOR shaves smooth-
ly end clean. Price reduced from $2.00 to
91.S5.
- RAZORS— good ones — as low as $ l.OO.
TRY CON KLIN'S SELF-FILLING PEN,
$:t.«>O_to $5.00.
1 Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
';;. -j, _. A ■ '
THAT MAiN PITTS
! F. XV. PITTS. The Stationer, '
| 1C0S MARKET ST., OPP. FIFTH, S.-F.'
PfllarP DON'T FAIL TO
Id lU WC y tt » the beautiful
! * COURT Lounging
! flUfl rffom. the EMPIRE
! ««*» parlor, the
i r»V t PALM ROOM, the
llffififl LOUIS XV PAR-
! U1UIIU LOR. and th« LA-
I u x 1 DIES* WRITING
I Hotels room
LYRIG H/\L.L.|
, THURSDAY, ' Dec. 1 5, . at 8 :30 P. M. .
ARTHUR FARWELL,
CONCERT OF INDIAN and other American
•'."«. " • Music. . , -.
Sale of tickets ' twens - at Sherman, Clay &
Co.'s, TUESDAY MORNING, Dec. "13, , at 9
o'clock, and nt Lyric Hall evening of concert.
Seats. ;$l and 75 cents.- >~ .' . ' - '
■', AMPSE31ENTS.
WinyifiBlB LEADING THEM
THIS "WEEK— Up to and Including Saturday.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Oriental Musical Comedy,
The Famoud International Succesa,
A CHINESE
HONEYMOON
The Merriest, Prettiest and Most Tuneful
Musical Production In the World.
KLAW and EBLAirOER Presaat
THOMAS Q. SEABROOKE
In the Musical Farce Novelty,
THE BILLIONAIRE
LOOK AT THE NAMES I '
HERRMANN THE GREAT
Assisted by Maria Herrmann; Vernon;
Tord Slater* ; MU* Maxy Shaw and
Company ; Dillon Broth era: Howard's
Comedy Bors and Ponies; Marvelous
Tranlc and tittle Bob; PnyUls Allen,
and Orphema Motion Pictures. Show-
ing "Th« Ex-Convict." '
Regular Matinees Every "Wednesday, Thuri-
day. Saturday and Sunday.
Prices — 10c. 25c and 30c.
e CALIFORNIA N
FUNNIER THAN EVER. |j
ROSE MELVILLE 1
In Her Famous Original Creation, S
SIS I
HOPKINS I
Christmas Week — "SHORE ACRES." t
> Jt
i| BftsssffSS^Ea Jpl rKf E^ "frT^^^ssTWvBf **^
OFKAiflllWt
TO^V^T^ TIT 1 THE 8uperb
-JNlbnl s ES s. PBRA
SEATS ALWAYS SELLING.
REGULAR MATINEE j 8ATURDAT.
ABSOLUTELY FIREPROOF.
H V W. BISHOP. Lessee and Manager.
TO-NIGHT rSffir'S. TO-MCHT
OLIVER MOROSCO Offer..
HOWARD GOULD, J. H. GILMOUR
And the Majestic Theater Co. in
Mr. Potter of Texas
From ' Archibald Claverinr Gunter'a Book.
NEXT— "JIM BI.UDSO."
eend for free "ADVANCE COURIER."
fiacfc <$& Racing!
California y^ tlob
OAKLAND TRACK.
'Commencing SATURDAY. Norember 12.
Rac'ns every week day, rain or ihlne.
Rawi start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
For special train, stopping: at the track take
8. P. Ferry, toot of Market street, at 12:0O.
12:30. 1:00, 1:30 or 2:00. trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im-
mediately aft«r the last race. •
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY "W. TREAT. Secretary. ■ -
\A/. T. HESS, ,
Sctarr Pnblio and Attorsey-at'Xiaw.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015. Claua Spreekela blda.
> TeUohone Mala 033.
Residence. 1802 McAllister st.
.Residence Telephone Pace 8641.
' AarosEMEers.
* RESERVED
- SEATS
Tor u»
PADEREWSKI
Concerts to*, be given la th» ■*!#•
HAMBRA on Saturday Aft. Deo*
17; Monday Eve., Dec, 19; Wednes-
day Eve.. Dec. 21; win b* on sal*
at SHERMAN. CLAY A CO.* 3.
THIS MORNING \
AT • O- CLOCK. >/
PRICES. $2.50, $2.00. |1.50. $1.00.
STE3NWAY PIANO USED.
GRAND SS5I§
Second "Week— Matlnea Saturday.
Sfc "Befo'tte King," Edward VII
j Buckingham Palace. June 23. 1303.
THE ROYAL COMEDIANS. j
WILLIAMS
%£T IN DAHOMEY !
Coming- BLANCHE BATES I
AT P A7 A T3 Belascoft Mayer.
ALCAZAR K'iK
General ManagW-
TO-NIGHT— MATS. SAT. AND SVS.
Howard P. /Taylor** Delightful Comedy.
CAPRICE
Minnie Maddern Flske's First Success.'. . ■•/
SWEETEST LOVE STORY EVER STAGETX
Bv'b 25c to 30c. Mats. Sat. and Sun. 23c to COc.
Next Monday — Sol Smith 'Russell's Success.
PEACEFUL VALLEY
"Just Dropped In on Mother!"
Christmas Week— Extra Mat. Dec. 28.
c°om^ thur '^QST RIVER
Market Street, near Eighth: Phone South 333.
TO-NIOHT— ALL WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Tremendous Production of the 43est Scenlo
Show of Russian Life and Cruelty,
LOST IN SIBERIA
The Beautiful Palace! The Snow-Bound Death •
Line!
The Fearful Prison and Wonderful Eacape.
Strategy. Cunning, Intrigue. Comedy. Charm-
ingly Intermingled!!
POPULAR PRICES— Eve. 10c to 50c. Mat*.
10c. 15c and 25c.
To Follow — "TWO LITTLE WAITS."
TONT LUBESKI. General Manager.
Have , Tou Patronized
The Biggest. Best. Safest
Popular Priced Vaudeville House?
Just Drop In at Any Time.
Pay 10 or 20 cents for a Seat.
Tou Will Thtn Come Every Week
To See the Newest Foreign and American
Novelties and Great Feature Acts.
Fine Bill of Equal Worth Every Weak.
Children to Any Part of the Theater 10c.
Performance Every Afternoon at 2:30. '
Every Evening at 7:30 and 9.
Continuous Saturday and Sunday Matinee*
- from 2 to 5 and 7 to 11.
A Splendid Show Every Af teraflon and.
Ereninsr In the Heated Theater.
DON'T FAIL TO SEE
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD
THE REIGNING SENSATION OF CONET \
ISLAND and the Worli's Fair. <3BB9
A NEVER TO BE FORGOTTEN SPECTACLE ,
Amateur Nisrbt and Electric Ponatala
Thursday.
Beginning Sunday. "PRINCESS FAN TAN."
ADMISSION .10c I CHILDRBN.......8O
78
HllRil APE". THOUSANDS WPilTINC] TO SUPPLY YOUP
JOHN' D. SPKECIvEI^S ■ . . . Proprietor
Address Communications to
JOHN' McXACGIlT^. . . . . . • « Manager
\V. J. MARTIN. . . .Business Manilger
TELEPHONE.
Ask for THE CALL. Tti* Operator Will Con-
nect You With the Department You Vi i-h.
Publication Office Market and Third, S. F.
EditoriaJ Hoonis 217 to 221 Stevenson st.
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. Per Week. 75
Cte. Per Month. Single Copies 5 Cl«.
Tenrs by Mail. Including Postage (Cash. With
Order.) : .
PAILY CALL (IncIuJ. Sunday), 1 year. ..$S.OO
DAILY CALL Unclud. Sunday), 6 moi... 4^00
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5c
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year 2-£
WEEKLY CALL, 1 year •• 10 °
rviPr-Trv f Daily... IS.80 Per Year Extra
E2e.Jr ?.t I Sunday. 4.15 Per Year Extra
POSTAGE, 1.00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Sample Copies will be forwarded when re-
quested.
Mall subscribers in ordering change of _ad-
£ress should be particular to give both NE«
AND OLD ADDRESS in order to Insure a
prompt and correct compliance with their re-
quest.
OA5XJ-NT> OFFICE:
1018 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
2148 Center Street Telephone North 77
WASHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
SAMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
_CE*W YORK NEWS STANDS:
— 'aJdorf-Astorla Hotel; A. Brentano. SI
Cnion Square; Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and Hoffman House. l
CHICAGO NEWS STAXDS:
Sherman House: P. O. Ne~s Co.: Great
Northern Hotel: Tremont House; Auditorium
Hotel; Palir.er House.
CHICAGO REPRESENTATIVE:
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Marquette BQllding.
(Long Distance Telephone. "Central 2C19. ')
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH.... CO Tribune Building
NEW TORE CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTON Herald Square
EUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call.
corner Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every right In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
IOCS Market street, opposite Fifth; cpen until
11 p. m.
C27 Montgomery street corner Clay; open until
9:30 p. m. \
BOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. rn.
€39 McAllister street : open until 6:30 p. m.
C15 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street; open until 10 p. m,
l(S Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
Ifi96 Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northeast corner Church and Duncan streete;
open ur.til 9 p. in.
1200 Fiilmore street; open until 9 p. m.
ZO-ETZXTG KOTICES.
6AN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal _
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING, VVf
M. M. degree. -^/S
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary.
HERMANN Lodse No. 127 F. and A. »
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (Mon-Vy
day). December 12, at 7:30 r>. m. Deg. /\f\
1. By order of the W. M.
L. SCHUMACHER, Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 2O. F. »
and A M , 1833 Fiilmore st. — Third VV
degree THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, /VN
at 7:30 o'clock.
HAF-RY BAEHR. Secretary.
HARMONY L. O. L.. No. 127, &>'*,
meets in Red Men's Hall. 220 _->54*
Golden Gate ave., en the FIRST /CisA
and THIRD FRIDAYS In each _<«_y »
P. F. THOMPSON. W. M.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of
the Nevada National Bank of San Fran-
cisco, Cal., will be held at Its banking-
house. SQJ_ Montgomery «=t. San Francisco,
Cal., on TUESDAY. January 10, 1905.
at 3:15 p. m.. for the election o' directors to
*erve during the ensuing year, and for the
transaction of such other business as may
ccme before the meeting.
GEO. GRANT. Secretary.
December 10. 1904.
CHEAPEST and best in America — The Weekly
Call 16 pages, fer.t to any address in the
TTnUefl Ptstes r>r Tanafla one year for $1.
ATTOENEYS-AT-LAW.
J-] RAUDULENT divorce Is dear at $12 and
It no good: lor 22 years I've made divorces
a cpecUlty: Quick; quiet; no money needed;
no pay unless divorce is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees: advice free; collections
made G. W. HOWE. 1122 Market Et
CONSULTATION free, private and confiden-
tial: business legally and promptly trans-
acted; collections, mechanics' liens, probate,
tenants ejected; legal papers drawn: loans
en real estate; safe, ecund investments high
rates interest. W. MATTHEWS. 632 Market.
B. W. KING, Attomey-at-law, Exam, bid?..
Cth floor; entrance room 611; established 29
j-eare: a.l courts, general cpurt and office
practice; no fees in advance or for consulta-
tion; evening by appointment. Tel. Red 3601.
Divorce: coets $12; <juick.qulet;advlce free;
all law business: no charge unless success-
ful; cpen evenings. 927 Market st. room 301.
CONSULTATION free, private, confidential;
businrs;: locally, promptly and energetically
transacted. W. Matthews. 032 Market room 23.
ADVICE free; clvcrce costs f»2; no fees or
octts in afivance; all law business; office
cr*n Saturday evenings. 819 Market ft., r. 33.
JOHN GUIDERY. attorr.ey-at-law. roorr.« 3
itnd 4. 240 Montgomery st. ; phone P.ed CG17.
U. !?. CLARK. fl?7 Market, room 504: consulta-
tion free; no fees In advance; open evening*.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch olfice, cor. Duncan end Church sts.
' A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements ana rubscriptions has
■*>e«n opened at 10T-S Market Et., opposite
Fifth. Open ur.til 11 p. m.
attto-iobx-ss.
AUTOMOBILK fos ra>; flrst-cless running
order. Hex 1037. Call office.
FOR rale — 1!K)3 V.'inton touring car; price
»<i.V>. Box ifflS. Call office. -..»■■•.
ADOPTIOg.
BOY baby wanted in tn ideal home. DR. E.
FI'NKE. 1410 Eighth st.. Alameda.
ASTHMA CUBE. .-_"• >.'
CI NOLA'S AiFthma Remedy relieves Instantly;
JOc. 25r. COc. 1602 Market. St. Nicholas;
alto Wlthart. JOth and Washington. Oakland.
BOAaPZWG FOB CSIL DZES.
NURSE having htr own home will board baby
from birth; have cows' and goats' milk. 208
Surry St.. Glen Park. „■■ ■-■•..- .
BOARD for two boys of 5 to 8 years. 1280
California st.
CARPET BEATXSrCt AND CI._ANIKG.
COMPIiliSfED Air and Vacuum Process used
fcr cleaning cartels en floor without removal;
carpets end rues also cleaned l;y compressed
air ai -hop; jiriee« moderate. S. F. .Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 308 Market St.;
phones Main 152 and Bush 479.
WHEN you become dlsfixsted with your work
wnd for EPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing works, 355-357 Tehama st Tel. South 40.
WESTKRN Carpet Cleaning Works. 1S09 Har-
r->oi) «t. : Al cieanins. 3c. FHED HAU— '•
I>OUN & CO.: j-bonc Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth St.— First-claw
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carp«t Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel - Ma *n 39 *- GEO - WALCOM & CO.. Props.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; price*
reasonable. 1703 Harrison et. ; tel. Mission 2C3.
WALL paper mnd frescos cleaned. 7S5 O'Far-
rcll «t.
co^r.~c~iog <>rriCE3.
HAD tenants ejected for $*; collections made:
c;ty or f-ountrv. Pacific Collection Co.. 415
MoTitj-omrry Rt.. rooms 9-1 0. Tel. Main 55S0.
______ __ OTH ____ > . "
C~fT ADAMS CO.. 3lT~Mason "st-^CloTnlng
fcr everybody from hat to shoes; you can get
what you wart from us and have it charged.
CLOTEISG _t_2VOVATX_TG.
SUITS cleaned and pressed. $1; scouring and
dyeing. Bar. Marche. Examiner bldg.. r. 410;
pbone I.'iurr.m 44. Call for and deliver free, i
_£ BUSIHESS_CHANC_S.
A— $1500; LODGING-HOUSE: transient house
on Post Bt. ; 14 elegantly furn. rooms; rent
$72 50; a flrst-class paying proposition. R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— $2500; HOTEL in Sonoma Co. ; 20 furn.
rooms; dining and bar room, ' bus, 2 horses,
cow, etc., and 7 acres of land; 5 years' lease;
rent $50. or owner will eell whole property
tor $1-,000. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 2,6 Va
Kearnj- Bt.
A — $1750; CORNER grocery and bar, with 5
living rooms, on Sacramento Bt. : 4V4 years'
lease; rent $45; the very best location. See
R. G. WILKE, 2tt*4 Kearny St. ,
A— $2500; OYSTER and chop house, with pri-
vate boxes; place estab. 20 years; known as
a first-class paying business; location close
to Phelan bldg.; lease; owner engage^ other-
wise; must sacrifice. See R. G. WILKE,
2Ci_ Kearny st. ,
A — $400; CHICKEN ranch in Sonoma County;
horse, wagon, cow; rent $7 per month; tools
and furniture. Call R. G. WILKE, 26ft
Kearny at.
$500— LOCKSMITH and electrical repair shop
for sale; established 25 years; best location;
livlng-rocms. For particulars see R. G.
WILKE. 26V. Kearny at.
$550 — Restaurant: very best location; rent $60;
close to Kearny and Bush: a good-paying
investment; investigate. Call en R. G.
WILKE, 20V. Kearny st
$S50— CORNER saloon on Fourth «t, _mt $25
dally receipts about $15; good business; own-
er must sacrifice, as he has to leave the city.
R. G. WILKE, 20V. Kearny at
PRICE $1100 — Wood, coal, hay and grain yard;
a long-established business; 2 horses and 3
wagons; rent only $25; rar« chance. See R.
G. WILKE, 2CV. Kearny st •
A— $2&00; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia st; lease; old established and good
paying business; Investigate; a rare chance.
6e« R. G. WILKE. 2«y. Kearny St.
A— $1200; ROADHOUSE. living rooms; rent
$18; no opposition; very best location; about
8 miles from city. See R. G. WILKE. 26V4
Kearny ft. |
A— $2200- RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
in Stockton; rent $53; the leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. G.
WILKE. 26H Kearny at.
A— $900: BAKERY, with 3 livirg rooms and
kitchen: rent $20; all store tr-de; caah re-
ceipts about $ltf per day. Particulars R. G.
W.TLKE. 26 V. Kearny st.
A — f_550; COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness; 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G.
WILKE. 20 V. Kearny »t
A— $900; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk st.; lease; living rooms; owner
must leave for Europe to settle estate; a
rare chance. R. G. WILKE, 26 V4 Kearny st.
A— $8C0; CORNER saloon in wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; ealoon e_-
tab. 20 years and known as a good busi-
neis. See R. G. WILKE. 26V_ Kearny St.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, with lease, in
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE, 26V. Kearny Bt
A— $4C00; CIGAR stand on Market St.. vlcin-
Jty Powell et.: 2V4 years' lease; must be
cold at once; owner to leave city tor th«
East. Bee R. G. WILKE. 26y_ Kearny st.
A — $2450; CORNER grocery and bar; 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash bust,
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
Bee R. O. WILKE, 26V. Kearny at.
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building: jet rent $125; lease; stock will in-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; In-
vestigate at once: rare chance. R. O.
WILKE, 26V4 Kearny at.
A— $2600: COFFEE saloon and restaurant: 1
block from Examiner building; place estab-
lished years; doing a first-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars see R. G.
_WILKE. 28y_ Kearny st.
A — $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market St.; net rent $90: lease 4
years: average monthly receipts $1100; value
in alght. See R. G. WILKE. 26V. Kearny st
A— $3500; CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
it: rent $60; living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S00; a well established and
firM-class paying business. See R. G.
WULKE. 2CV. Kearny gt.
A— $70C0; BAKERY; one of the best in this
city; monthly saJes $6000; 12 horse*. 5 wag-
ons; location the very .best; not all cash
necessary. Call R. G. WILKE. 20V4 Kearny.
A— $350; DAIRT, produce and delicatessen
ft ore; 5 rooms; rent $25; best location Va-
lencia st. Call R. G.- WILKE, 26V. Kearny.
F. A. BROOKBANK.
BUSINESS AGENT,
017 Market et, between Fifth and Sixth.
PARTNER for old estab. express and transfer
business; horses, wagons, harness, every-
thing complete; party must be able to attend
office: will guarantee $75 monthly; $500 cash
required. Full particulars with
BROOKBANK.
WE have a client who wishes to associate
himself with a sober, industrious man who
can Invest ?350 and services; he will give
Interest in. business clearing $2C0 month;
. references exchanged. See BROOKBANK.
A CLIENT of mine who conducts a well pay-
ing cigar eland on Market et. desires a good
bones.t man as partner to assist him in at-
tendiri stand and to same ho can offer a
fine position; no experience necessary; $350
cash required. Particulars with BR0OK-
BANK. _
$1500 — YOUNG merchant in prosperous and rap-
idly growing business wants partner. >y_
CONTROLS LARGE TRADE.
Partner to keep plain accounts, act as
cashier and look after help.
EXPERIENCE NOT NECESSARY.
Will invoice stock to right party; energy
and reliability needed more than cash. This
business has immense possibilities.
A STENBERG. 759 Market St.
$750 — PARTNER wanted; established, genteel
business; short hours; good pay; trial al-
lowed until satisfied. MARIN INVEST-
"MENT CO.. 225 Kearny st.
$550—22 FURNISHED rooms; rent $40; leas*.
MARIN INVESTMENT CO., 235 Kearny st.
■'WE'LL GET YOUR BUSINESS" — A fact;
we pay the most money for good furniture,
carpets. :iicture», office fittings, merchan-
dise anil complete houses. MARK J. LEVY
AUCTION CO.. 1321 Market st.. between
9th and 10th sts. Phone South 179.
STEADY man wanted as partner; plain, light
work; small capital required; sure profit of
$75 to each per month; owner Is a practical
wcrklngman. COMMERCIAL INVESTMENT
CO., e32 Market »t.
$7fO — PAYING notion- store. Market St., near
7th; will invoice $10fH>; low rent $200 — Bak-
ery, live town; rent $1.>: lease, living rooms;
ovtr.s, counter, showcase, wagon. WHITE
& liAYLEV, iC Montgomery st., room S.
$1200 — RESTAURANT; well known, old es-
tablirhcd ard doing good business; is newly
papered and palnUd; 80 chairs and with
everything complete. Address 1021 Third st,
Sacramento, Cal.
FOR ftale — Saloon; day business: merchant
lunch: wholesale district; price $2400; clears
S"«n a month: Rood reason fcr, selling; no
ajtents. Box 2338. Call office.
A PARTNER wanted In an honorable and dig-
nified business; a capital of $5000 required;
one per cent per month guaranteed Box 2341,
Call office.
AN old-established manufacturing drug busi-
ness with good selling proprietary prepara-
tions, trademarks, etc.; will sell or exchange
for real estate. Address box 2943, Call.
YOUR idle money will earn f> per cent weekly;
you handle your own money; investigate at
once; full particulars free. Box 1014, IOCS
Market st.
J $300 WILL buy a good paying bakery; will
bear full investigation. HAWKS i'MEHH-
TEN3. corner Seventh Bt. and Railroad ave.,
Alameda.
PARTY wanted that will take Interest In rain-
ing and land and cattle proposition; pay ore
ready to ship. Inqutre 305 Larkin St.. near
City Hall, room 48.
$1000— FIRST-CLASS country barber shop foi
sale; an Al opportunity for an Al shaver;
others let alone; 2 weeks' trial. For par-
ticulars address box 1032, Call.
■ — '
! FOR rale — Delicacy and grocery; cheap rent;
5 living-rooms; $550. 2931 Sixteenth st
2931 Sixteenth st.
MINE owner wants $2000 backer; money se-
cured , by property: $1500 bonus given for 4
months' use. . Box 2344, Call office. ■
A PARTNER wanted In llcht business; must
be steady, «ober man, willing to assist gen-
erally. Particular* 47 Geary sf. room 6.
WELL-ESTABLISHED winery; perfectly
<-qulpp-d; in the city; pretty surroundings.
Bex cnr.S. Call office.
505 SHARES of Phonograph Typewriting Co
stock. 20c a share. 8V. Stockton st- tel'
Black C9C3. '
OIL fireman wishes position^ best of refer-
cnoe. Addrees J. . C. room 3. '114 Fourth st.
FOR SALE — A cigar stand, with pool nnd
billiard-room attached. Box 2SS1, Call office.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1904.
BUSJ3TESS CKANC-S— Contlnnea. ;
A — CAMEPiON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st, cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters lor all kinds of business chances.
For sale — Several good business propositions for
Investors, such as cigar stores, groceries and
bars, bakeries, furnishing goods, merchan-
dise, country hotels, restaurants and many
other propositions too numerous to mention;
**"would be pleased to have you call and inspect
our list CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy st. ■
For sale — First-class bazaar' and cigar busi-
ness; Al location, long lease, cheap rent, fix-
tures and store up-to-date; established 17
years; fine new stock of goods; has never
. changed hands; now clearing $330 and over
per month; best reason for selling; an op-
portunity of a lifetime. See CAMERON &
CO.
For sale^ — Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; 50 rooms; rent only $150: 10-year
lease; newly painted and renovated through-
out; aJ>out 50 miles from S. F. ; fine, grow-
ing to-.vn; present owner made fortune and
wants to retire. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
For sale—One \>f the best hay, grain, feed,
wood and coal yards, S. F. ; cheap rent;
horses and wagons; well equipped; present
owner retiring from retail business; guaran-
teed to clear about $350 per month; books
open for inspection. CAMERON & CO.
Exchanges made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-house and business chances. CAME -
RON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
For sale — Well located cyclery; rent $125; 3-
year lease; sell, rent and repair all kinds of
' bicycles; carries full supplies; agency best
wheel on market; does business of $1500 to
$20CO per month; goods at invoice. CAME-
RON & CO.
First-clasa saloon downtown; 2 blocks from
Market st; rent $75; well fitted up; receipt*.
$18 to $25 per day; must be sold on account
of other business; price $1600. CAMERON
& CO.
Harness and saddlery shop, well located; rent
$12; well stocked; fine wax machine; all
bench tools; everything goes; price e ?1000;
more than value In sight; retiring from busi-
ness. CAMERON & CO.
Wanted — A good business man with $500 cash
to associate himself with practical surveyor
for establishment of land office: new reser-
vation Just cpenir.g up; has been in employ
of Government on same land for 3 years; an
opportunity of a lifetime; expenses from
start. CAMERON & CO.
COMMISSION store, with fixtures, scales,
trucks, etc., for sale; with 3 years' lease;
price very reasonable. Apply at 320 Davis
St.. near 'Washington : a good large place.
$1400— DELICATESSEN store on principal
street, near Market; good location. Box 1308,
Call office.
MAN with office In central location who Is
occupied at night will transact any kind of
business during the day. Box 2467. Call.
FOR sale — Small restaurant: price reasonable.
Call at premises, 930 Washington st. cor.
Powell.
CORNER grocery and bar; new, hlg stock;
reasonable price. *15C0, If sold soon. In-
quire at barber's, rear 145 Third st.
WANTED — One-half store en Market st. for
lunchroom, between Turk and Kearny; no
fries. S. S. SHUMARD, 214 Leavenworth.
CIGAR stand; good corner location; must sell
this week; cheap. 32S Fourth st.
FOR SALE — A well paying oysty house; must
be sold; trouble between partners. 50 7th st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon for sale; no agents. 222
McAllister St
FOR sale — Cheap, paying business: small cap-
ita!. Address room 10. 25 Third st
A GOOD living; $1200; retiring from business;
second-hand book store. 1250 Mission st.
ROUTE 12. San Francisco Call, tor sal*. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
WANTED — To buy a delicatessen store; give
price. Box 4510. Call office.
GOOD meat market for sale; experience not
necessary Box 1115. Call office.
SALOON for sale, cheap: good location; S33
Broadway; established 20 years.
_.GDGir:a-r:ous_s ros sax.-.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050
3 Eddy st. cor. Market and Powell, i
Headquarters for Rooming-houses, Hotels and
All Kinds of Business Chances.
Look this up; here is a chance to get fine
little home, combined with business; you can
live rent free and make some money besides;
thie house o* 9 rooms, rent only $32 50; fine lo-
cation on California st. ; well furnished; some
new carpets: newly painted and papered;
everything in fine condition: piano and sewing
machine goes; price only $650.
You can't beat this beautifully furnished.
100-room, downtown .house; carpets, furniture
and draperies of the very best; electric lights,
steam heat: in fact, everything modern and up
to date; long lease; cheap rent; owner leaving
city. .
This speaks for itself; 15 rooms, furnished In
oak; new carpets, and full to the roof with
good people, which brings In profit of $75 per
month; sickness compels sale.
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms In
fine block on Post st. ; full nicest kind of room-
ers; new and modern throughout; brings In
nice Income; furniture In oak. birdseye maple;
velvet and Axmlnstcr carpets; cost $1800 to
furnish six months ago; obliged to leave city;
big bargain; $1200. .•;;
Here Is 14 rooms; Van Ness; furrfl>hed In oak
and mahogany: good carpets; all full; clearing
nice little salary every month; it is yours at
$600. s -
First-class Investment where you can earn
$2400 per year on expenditure of S15C0 in 40-
room house; rent only $125 p?r month; choice
location on Sutter St.; always full; best of oak
furniture; good carpets; sickness only reason
for. celling.
Swell family hotel on Sutter st.; beautifully
furnished; always full; there are SO rooms, rent
only (423; onlfeed to leave city; will be sold at
half cost to furnlEh.
We have a 9-room flat, new, modern' build-
ing, sumptuously furnished; carpets cost $3 50
per yard: beds cost $100* each: hair traitresses
cost ?H5 each; new S months; actual cost to
furnish. S.'OCO; must go East and will take
$2700: half ra.sh. balance C per cent per annum:
everything ready ur*tei> right into an elegant
home.
Hero is in good rooms. Hose In, with 3 rooms
not furnished, but are all full p.nd pays J.'O
per month above all expenses; owner taking
larger hnuse; price flOr»0.
14 sunny rooms, close in; rent only $60 per
month: some new carpets; everything nice and
clean and pays well; price $800; $400 down,
balance time; a fine chance.
Nice little house of 10 rooms, with good fur-
niture and carpets: rent'Only $65; must disrose
next ten days; make offer.
Grand new. modern apartment-house; beau-
tiful building; elegantly furnished:, good l(sncr
leas« with cheap rent: only 15 minutes' walk
from Kearny st. : has ISO rooms and pays $50f>
to $6C0 prr month; always full; 'best class of
people; a bargain can be had if taken at once.
Big snap; 31 -room apartment-house; rent
only $4 per room; well furnished and clearing-
$90 per 'month; will only take $550 cash, bal-
ance time; price $9.">0.
Here Is the coziest and most complete house
of CO rooms, superbly furnished. with everything
that good taste and judgment . could suggest,
combined with an elegant, new,, modern build-
ing; every room occupied and clearing a fine
profit, ar.d sickness is the only cause for dis-
posal.
Golden opportunity to get nice 7-room flat;
rent only $40; water, garbage and janitor ser-
vice free; mahogany and oak furniture; carpets
body Brussels, nwv I year; cost $80O; now $450;
obliged to' leave city..
Another one; a beautifully furnished 6-rooni
i flat; Sloane fitted it "p,C months ago and cost
considerable over §000;" think of the rent only
$25 per month; choice location; big snap;' $400.
We 1 have a. number of special - bargains In
flats o! 6 to 10 rooms, new -and modern; can be
had for less than half cost to furnish; must be
sold, either account of sickness or departure.
Hav" large list of real estate, hotels, room-
ing-houses and business chances for exchange
or trade always on hand.
A. CAMERON &.CO.. 3 Eddy st
SPLENDIDLY equipped apartment house. 75
rooms, Berkeley, Cal.: CO rocras occupied; no'
agents. Apply 1O03 1 /. Broadway, room 6.
Oakland. '
HOUSE 32 rooms; housekeeping apartments;
I rent low; lease; clearing §S5 per month above
expenses; price 51200: everything new and in
fine condition. Box 159S, Call office/ ,■
FOR sale-^-In rooming and office building, , 14
newly furnished rooms, came floor, sunny
'corner, long lec.se, cheap . rent. *■ 530 Thir-
teenth st, Oakland.
XiODGXXTG-5OUSES FOB SALE — Con.
yjyy ■ : ■•.' -■ ' : v
MARION GRIFFIN." '
— '■ f ' ■
406 Hearst bldg., over "Examiner" entrance,
corner 3d and Market sts. Tel. Black 3HO7.
( Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
We furnish abstracts free & guarantee titles.
v '.:S''-~ : No. 37.
OUR BEST proposition in a straight rooming-
house; new and modern
building; new kajsomln-
lng; new painting; new
• carpets; new birdseye
*• maple and mahogany fur-
niture; full of high-class,
i steady roomers; long
lease; 4 blocks north ot
Market on best street car
line; clears $175 monthly;
37 rooms; would exchange
for apartment-house clear-
ing not less than $400
monthly; will pay cash
difference.
MARION GRIFFIN 400 Kxaminer building.
-■ Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 22. *
SHOO FOR 22-roorn house near Ellis and
Hyde; rent 505; same own-
er for 15 years; honest
owner and honest house;
clears .«75 monthly year
after year.
MARION GRIFFIN, 400 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 100.
APARTMENT-HOUSE of 100 rooms, especially
well located;* nice furnish-
ings; guaranteed monthly
• profit $448; very fine se-
lected class of occupants;
house is highly recom-
mended.
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 17.
17 ROOMS (3 unfurnNlu'd): $350 down and
• < $050 in payments of $10
monthly: clears $73 month-
ly; sunny side of street:
full of nice people; flower
Berden; bock yard.
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
. No. 40.
SICKNESS of owner causes sale of a 40-
room workingman"s house;
: always full of men room-
ers and clears $125 to ?150
.' " monthly; south of Market;
rent only $110. Make
some offer to ■ " . ..
MARION GRIFFIN. 400 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 28.
NEW and MODERN house of 28 rooms, cor-
ner north of Market; 5-
year lease; electric lights;
most beautifully furnished;
eminently rr/?pectable, quiet
i and refined; full and a
waiting list of applicants;
owner in hospital.
MARION GRIFFIN 406 Examiner building.
• Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 68.
DEPENDABLE houses? Why, yes, here Is
one of OS rooms guaran-
teed to have a monthly in-
.'. come of $430 over rent; 7-
year lease; modern build-
ing; electric elevator; very
fine furnishings; owner
sick.
House worth $8000
Will sell for S5700
You pay down ■ $3000
You pay In Installments
$2700
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts/
No. 18. .
$250 DOWN and $2.">0 in $10 payments takes
an. 18-room NE. corner
flat, clearing $48 monthly:
rent $33; it's the biggest
bargain for little money; 4
blocks north of Market.
MARION GRD7FIN. 400 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 9.
DEATH causes t ale of a 9-room house near
t Sutter and ' Larkin; rent
$38; newly furnished; make
us an offer quick.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.
Corner 3d and Market sts.
No. 14.
FINE OAK furniture, fine Brussels carpets, 14-
outside rooms; 3 blocks of
Market; profit $3r> month-
ly; rent only $48; price
$750 V> cash.
MARION GRIFFIN. 406 Examiner building.'
Corner 3d and Market sts.
MITCHELL _ CO..
1206 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 20S1.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
A— 16 ROOMS: O'Farrell: rent $80; for.. $1100
21 rooms; Post: rent $00; only 12C0
. We absolutely guarantee titles.
A — B2 rooms; new apartments; rent only $fi
per room; 2-.*? rooms and bath each: this is a
golden opportunity: ree It and you will liko
It. MITCHELL & CO.. exclusive agents.
FOR sale — Lodging-house; 28 room!?; near III-
bernia Bank: Rood Income; no agents. Box
1207. Call office.
16 ROOMS. Sixth st. plainly furnished; clears
$G0 over rent; $500 cash, balance easy ray-
ments; no agents. Box 1170, Call office.
?C. r .GP — SACRIFICE; large downtown rooming-
hoUFO: leap?: low rent. Owner, box 2354, Call.
FOR' Kale — Very ch«tp. 2l-room house in cen-
ter of city. Inquire 319 Taylor st.
UPPER flat, finished attic: modern: 1C rooms;
rent $00. Corner Laguna r.nd O'Fnrrell sts.
_ CLAIHtYOYANTS.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK.
Complete Life Reading.
50c 50c. ."0c - ."0c. &0c 50c.
RICHARD MAVO.
The man with WONDERFUL psychic power.
The r.reat°st living ADVISER
On the Continent. At a glance, before you
have a change to utter one word, he will
toll you what you rame. for. giving names,
dates, facts nnrl figures; how to eliminate
errors :tn<! mastfr circumstances: he restore?
lost anVctlon. reunites the separate'!. te!l3
who ar.d when you will marry and how to at-
tain success'.
There U no trouble, doubt or ambition, ! no
bopo or tvIfIi. but what can he realized by
his help and advice; he Is entirely original In
his methods, fllfferent from all others: a visit
to him will bring success and happiness to
the seeker of truth nnd advice. ,
Permanently located, thoroughly reliable.
• 421A Ellis st. Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
Private flat. Separate parlors. Business con-
fidential. ;
LIVINGSTONE,
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE, INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
y l^ ; TENOANT. 2t>>. KEARNY ST.
ATTENTION ~~~ ~~ ~~
• MRS. DR. CLARK.
The well-known medium and clairvoyant
may be consulted on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed; she will 1 show you how to
overcome . your enemies ar.d unite the sepa-
rated; tell your entire life, past, present and
future; satisfaction hy mall; send stamp for
circular and special terms. " .'!43 Geary st:
MME. M. BERNARD, the famous clairvoyant
and business medium, is located at 17 Third
Bt., near Market. She reads your life cor-
rectly," gives accurate description of the past,
present and future; greatest living adviser on.
all affairs in life: as a proof N of her psychic
power 'She will tell 'you Xvhat you called for
FREE of charge; |5 reading this week.Sl;
satisfaction guaranteed. .
ISMAR. Egyptian seerees. The Vendome, 1104
, Market St., San Francisco. Office hours — 1(>
r ;a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12:-Wednes-
day evening, .6 to 8. Phone South 1141.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium: born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present, future; I. 50c: g. by cards |l;.palm-
'Istry full-life read. $1. 303 Jones, nr. Eddy.
MISS M. WILLE, 310 Ellis st. clairvoyant,
etystal seer and lira reader, tells you exactly
what you. called for without ■ asking .a ques-
tion; 'names given; $1; hours/ 10 to 8.
MISS ZEMDAR; young, gifted £lair. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc. : L. 50c;
G. $1; hours 10' to 9; names. 714 Franklin st
MME. KRONENBERG, . palmist. ' clairvoyant,
\card reader: when- others' fall try me; r?ad-
lng.« . 2.V;.-..- 324 O'Farrell st. ; tel. i Red 6537.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card readpr, has
1 returned; sittings daily. 1CS Cth st.rcoms 1-2.
C-AIBVOYAHTS— Continued.
MRS. ; BAUMANN, the well-known I fortune-
teller. Is now^at 317 Ellis st.
SPIBITTT A3CISM.
SPIRITUAL meeting every evenipg this week:
bring articles for reading; ores phycome-
tristd; every one receives tests. 32S Ellis.
A— MRS? J7 J.~WHITNBY,~ tasT^mTdiunT'and
life reader. 120*3 Market, r. 14, Gait House.
■ PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate-writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
DENTISTS.
A NEW plate— The Whalebone— Cannot break;
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $3 50; filllnfrs.SOc;
plates. .«5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DRTLUDLUM" HILU~1443~Market nr.Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from ?S per set; extracting. 50c; gas given.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor.Bush —
Set teeth, $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up;nllings,25c.
GOLD fillings, 75c; silver. 35c; crowns, $2; no
pain;open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Hewitt,204 Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM_surgeon-dentistr.l4,lst
floor, Phelan bid., 80<j Market, cor. O'Farrell.
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved, from Geary st.
to corner Sutter st and Grant ave.
ERESSRIAXERS AND SEAMSTRESSES.
MrDOW^LlT^rlsTmaklniS & Mi!llnery"ichoor^
Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art'* button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.
EDUCATIONAL.
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
tchool for university, law and r.iedlcai col-
leges; rets. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor: day, evening cetslons. Phelan bldg.
E. R. JV.YKES, founder of Ayres Business Col- j
Itge, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
fhorthand, typing; ii month; life scholarship
$S0; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market
THE Paul Gerson School of Acting, the largest
Institution devoted exclusively to dramatis
learning in America: positions ■ guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg.
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering. 24
Post St.. S. F. : civil, mlntng. electrical; steam
and gas engineering. Send for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large room*:
perfect light; all graduates are getting posi-
tions. S. B. Business College. 728 Mission.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. mln.. mech.. sur-
vey, as.vay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School. 113 gulton. nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st
Established 1SC3; largest In -the West: an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.
ALL Eng. and com. branches. $5 mo.; 47 les-
sens Benn Pitman shorthand hold any posi-
tion; lndlv. instruc. West. Bus.Col.,12Sl Mkt.
471c£scnspitman shorthand and hold any position;
guar. ;C0 court reporting; •'single-page method"'
bookkeeping. Western Bus. Col.. 1281 Market
CLASSES in short story writing and Journalism
meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2 d. m., 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable. _^
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col.. 602 Van Ness
ave. ; positions secured. R. H. Webster. Pres.
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINE3S CO_-
LEGE. 1382 Market st. Send for catalogue.
BOOKKEEPING— Save time, gain knowledge.
with TARR. expert. 217 Parrott building.
GUITAR, mandolin and piano. $3 per :aonth;
vocal lessons SI. S2S Halght st
ISAAC Pitman Business College. 345 Height;
Individual Instruct.: all branches: day. evs.
CHICAGO Business College. 1584 Market— Posl-
tiens. ihorthcnd. typing, bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile classes now open.. Hln-
• man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk, nr. Cal.
SHORTHAND taught thor'ly by mail and per-
tcnally. Miss M. G. Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.
SCHOOL OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PART:NGTON'S. 424 Pine st.— Night class.
EPANISH.French.etc.Prof.De Flllppe'sAcad«my
of languages. 1 01 R Post: est.lS71 :ablest profs.
EMPLOYMENT O3F riCES^- .
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employment office
supplies best help promptly; city' or country.
B. IMURA, 830 Sacramento. Tel. James 5231.
A — ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese.
Chinese help. 426 Powell st; tel. Main 5752.
JAPANESE-Chtneso Emp. Office, 415 Stockton;
best help.- Fritz Tamagakl.mgr. Tel.Bush 853.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-'
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5183.
CHINESE and Japanese, help; estab. 20 years.
Tel. Main 1!K>7. BRADLEY fc CO.. C40 gay.
EMPIiOYKEHT WANTED— FEMALE.
A — Bookkeeper, cashier, young lady:- expert
accountant; quick, accurate; all modern sys-
tems; hlshest references; last , position 5
years. Box 2373. Call office.
1 (
ENGLISH nurse wishes care of one child;
competent to teach; speaks French: country
preferred; excellent references. Nune. 2213
Buchanan st. '
A BOOKKEEPER with knowledge of type-
writing: can give city references. Phone
Mint 107.5, or box 2865, Call.
WANTED — By middle-aged woman, house-
work half day In exchange for sunny room
pr.d board; lower floor; no basement Box
2952, Call. ' '
COMPETENT refined woman wishes work,
light housework, children's seamstress, nurse
Invalid; good home; reasonable salary: refer-
ences. Call or address MRS. L., 415 Ellis.
WANTED — By a middle-aged New England
woman, a situation as cook. Call or address
Cook. 375 O'Farrell st. ♦
A GOOD STEADY worker would like to get
nteady place by the month; sleep home. 85A
Convers st., off Bryant near Eighth.
WANTED — Situation by competent woman for
cooking in private family; flrst-class refer-
ences. Call 75.') Bush St.. rear house.
COMPRTENT nurse wishes engagements; con-
! flr.emonts. Invalids; painstaking: references;
moderate term*. MRS. KING, 1159 Turk st.
RESPECTABLE American lady • wishes situa-
tion as landlady in a v flrst-class rooming-
house. Box 2440, Call. .,«
YOUNG woman wishes position as working
housekeeper In widower's family; no w<_sh-
lus: wares $20. Box 2419. Call.
A NEAT young woman wishes light work In
small private family; steady place desired
Box 2420.. Call.
A STRONG woman wants house and window
cleanins by the day; small wash. S!)4 Gf-ary.
WOMAN would like position as chambermaid
in city or out. Reply 810 Mission st.
HAIRDRESSER wishes position. 919 Howard
street. •
DRESSMAKER wants work; $1 50 day. 1258
Howard st.
A WOMAN wants work by the day. 110 Third
street. .
POSITION as housekeeper. Zi Va Langtry st.
AS WOMAN wishes work by the day; washing
or houficcleanln«. 1152 Folsom st.^
•GOOD 1 - cook wants a position. Address 621
j Sansome st. second floor.
WOMAN wants work by the day. 1377 Eddy
street. . - • ' ■' .
EXPERIENCED stenographer desires position.
f>5>> Stevenson st. *
NURSE would like oosition by. the day; best
of references/ 171!) O'Furrell st
WOMAN wants work by the day washing or
cleaning. Apply at 859 Mission st.
WOMAN wants work v by the day or week.
Address C21 Sansome st. "
A GIRL wants a place to mind babies. 519
Larkin st. ' C'l'f ;'
A YOUNG girl wishes a position as working
I' ' housekeeper. Please call at 1231 Bush st.
JAPANESE cirl wants . place as plain cook
and, housework. . S. R.. 1 Adelaide pi. . Taylor
St., near Post 'st. . % ;
GOOD Japanese ' woman wants • position 5 as
housework or nurse; $4 week up. SHIRAKA.
Pine at." ■' - ■ :■■"■"■
EMP_o~az_i~r wa_tt_:_— atAi-i!.
MECHANICAL draughtsman ; wants ' position;
2 years' •■ experience; good tracer;; any thirty
with good . chance of advancement acccepted.
'Box 118., Berkeley. Cal. »
A YOUNG, quick waiter. 23. wants situation
In bakery or restaurant: steady man; best
references. SCHUMANN. 024& Washlng-
-... ton st i
MIDDLE-AGED man of temperate- habits.' ex-
-... cellent' references, desires a position as night
clerk or watchman. Address F. B.. C16 Clay.
WAITER. 23, wants P^M^Tin^m « g™.
try restaurant or bo ardln *- h01 J se hor !i' b e-
MAN. 624 Vi Washington st; at home be-
tween 12 and 3 o'clock. '
FIRST-CLASS bushelman ~«f *■ • P TTIva P< 9B3
tior. or all round work. H. GETTIXj. »•>•>
' Howard st.
Yb~UNG~man wants work of any kind; under-
stands care of horses, cows, garden, etc.
Box 2340. Call office. C
A GERMAN, middle-aged and »«ngl*. wis^f!
a situation as clerk in grocery and barroom,
good references. W. BOHLINO. 417 Kearny.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by an all round man,
elderly educated, energetic, efficient A to
Z; accountant to zoologist: willing to un-
dertake anything In reason; references fur-
nished. Address C. H. FRANK. 11 Taylor
st. room 13. San Francisco, for one weeic
GARDENER wishes situation: competent in
all branches: greenhouses, orchard, vegeta-
bles and landscape gardening; references.
Box 230S. Call office. ;
A BRIGHT young man of 17 years wishes to
work In wholesale house where advancement
could be had; best of references. Address
box 2449. Call office. '
MIDDLE-AGED German wants position; un-
derstands gardening, prunlnr. etc.: handy
With carpenter tools and horses. Box 1183,
Call office. . ________________
EDUCATED boy, aged 19, and willing to work,
wishes position evenings In some store dur-
ing the holiday season. Address box 2359.
Call office. ' ■ _____
STEADY young man wishes to run errands
from 7 to 10 s-'m. and between 9:30 and 11
p. m. : best ot references. Address box 2S32.
Call office.
1 POSITION wanted as porter tn wholesale
house; speaks Spanish. THOS. GOMEZ, 500
Bush st.
A FIRST-CLASS upholsterer and carpet layer
will wcrk by the day or piece. 027 Eddy
St.; phone Larkin 3004.
WANTED — By a married man, a position a*
foreman on ranch; can give flrst-class refer-
ences. Call or address 1823 Oak st.
PAINTER "and paperhanger; has tools; work
guaranteed. Address Painter, 1620 Eddy st;
\ phone West 2383.
A MAN wishes position around gentleman's
place, care of horses and garden. Address
J. H., 258 Vi Tehama >t
MAN wants work of any kind In wholesale
house; good at figures. Address 707 Ellza-
beth st. ,'
SITUATION wanted as a watchman. ALBERT
J. OREENHO W. 1707 Duoont st.
LIKE position lunch man or porter. Address
F. J. M.. 633 Howard st
WANTED^-Posltion as salesman. HARRY
MILLER, 629 Bush st
HOUSEMAN in hotel or lodging-house; speaks
and writes Spanish. T. W. DAY. 500 Bush.
BOY would like to learn a trade. 1126 Elm
ave. , _______'
TEAMSTER wants steady work. 247 Clart.
street. | !
EXPERIENCED cabinet makerjr oold like Job
Call 253 Fell st * ' '
YOUNG man wishes work in a book bind-
ery. 1521 Geary at. _J
WANTED — Work as cook; country hoteL J.
C, 114 Ellis at. -:-li : \.
WOULD like work ts porter. Apply C
MOYNA, 64S Eddy st
EXPERIENCED bedmaker desires position. 633
Stevenson at
A SOBER, steady man wants coachman's po-
sition; can milk; reference. Box 2849, Call.
WANTED — Set of books to keep evenings. Box
. 2S72, Call. •/ -.i >■
JAPANESE wants any kind of work In family,
store or office; room out. 1253 California st
WANTED — A position as baker's helper. Box
2431. Call office.
JAPANESE schoolboy want* a position In Oak.
land or, Berkeley. NAGA, box 1574. Call.
POSITION wanted as waiter. 501 Kearny st
BUTLER, good valet, best references, wishes
situation. ANDRE'S, phone Main 1304.
JAPANESE young, honest boy wants position
as school boy, good family. In. city. . M. L,
007 Larkin st; telephone Larkin 1494.
JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy or housework. Willie Kushlno. phone
Page 2100. 442 Devlsadero st
A JAPANESE boy wants a position as school-
boy, $1 week or help any family work. F.
NALA, 1303 V. Castro st
A JAPANESE Iaundryman wants work; city
or country; wages $6' week up. Address S.
SAITO. 522 Pine St. S. F.. Cal.
AN honest, strong Japanese boy wants a posi-
tion as housewcrker In good family. S. ABE,
J. G. S.. 725 Geary st ■ .
BEST Japanese cook wants situation; wages
,>f25. K. Tooya. 516 Dupont st, S. % F.
ECZEMA CUB—.
$100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber itch that I can't cure; a trial treat-
ment free. DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st
PirrAIfCIAX..
THE REALTY SYNDICATE,
Capital paid ii. $1,600,000 00
Surplus 940.901 S3
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates
At par.
Office — xo. 14 Sansome st.
Ean Francisco, Cal.
CpMPANIES formed: mining or patents; stock
sold: strong Eastern conn-ctlons: advice free.
Write A. F. HARASZTHY. 522 Crossl«y bids.
PLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list:
fervice absolutely free; take advantage of
this department; It will save you tlma and
trouble. Cordes Furniture Co.. 245-S9 Geary
«t.. on the square.
COTTAGES, houses and flat? to let; every de-
tlrable ,vaennt place In San Francisco on
our lJsts; service absolutely free; let us find
you a place; come in and let us know what
rent you want to pay and the locality; "w«
do the rest." Sterling Furniture Company.
1039 Market st. opp. McAllister.
NEW, elejrant 7-room bay-wlnrlow flat; latest
Improvements; sun In every room; grand
marine view; must be se*«n to be appreciated;
l-ark panhandle. J. STRAUB, 630 Market
street <
; ELEGANT, new upper flat. 8 rooms with attic
beamed ceiling, paneled dining. rocm; rent
low. 1333 McAllister St.
MODERN upper fat. 5 rooms ar.d bath- newly
tinted: 1S25 Twenty. fourth s>t. : cheap rent
See O'CONNOH BROS.. 132 8th. or 242 6th.
NOE. 1052. corner Elizabeth— Sunny corner up-
per flat: new; 6 rooms and 'bath; modern Im-
provements; convenient to 24th-Castro cars.
TURK. 1103, corner Buchanan — New, sunny
flat. 7 rooms and bath; latest Improvements;
reasonable to good tenant.
EIGHTH ave.. 74S — 6 rooms; top flat: owl car
service; Museum entrance, Richmond; $28.
ELEGANT middle 7-room and bath flat; sun
every room; large garden. 1357 McAllister.
I FLAT, 5 rooms and 'bath; $23 50. 40 Sanchei
f . at, bet. Thirteenth and Fourteenth.
FINE sunny flat. 7 rooms, bath; 2 attic
rooms and banement. 142S Green st.
FLAT, southwest cor. of Buchanan and Ful-
ton hts.; 7 rooms; modern; rent $35.
FLAT of 7 sunny rooms, bath. 3433 Twentieth
st..* bet. Capp and Howard.
FOUR large sunny rooms; laundry: yard; $16.
78 Elgin Park, near Valencia st.
HAYES. 1747. nr. park entrance — Sunny mod-
ern flats, 4-5 rms., bath; rent $16 to $22 5a
LE A V ENWORTHT 1519 '4— Flat of 4 rooms";
yard and gas; rent. $12.
MARY. 20, near Fifth— Two flats; rent' cheap
to good tenants. '
MODERN tipper > flat. . 269 Fourteenth st.. nr.
Mission; 5 rooms and bath; rent $23.
N EARLY new upper flat. 4 rooms and bath.
33C. Tehama et . , -_
TWENTY-FIFTH. 4150. nr. Castro — New mod-
•ern upper Hat; G rooms and bath; $22.
VERY/ sunny- 4-room middle . flat: rent $14
33S4 Sacramento st.. near Central ave. f
LARGEST list of houses and flats to let Call
on LYON _ HOAG. 118 Montgomery «_
CLAYTON, 611— Furnished lower flatTTroornsL
bath; adults. Call Sunday or Monday.
PLATS TOR SA—E — FU1*NI3H__.
A— MODERN sunny upper Cat. 7 large room.;
completely fur. 16 weeks ago. 917 Jone» st.
SANCHEZ. 1211 — Furnished 4-room. sunny up-
per flat; going East; must sell: low rent.
I__A.TS WAJKTTED — PU_NIS___>.
WANTED — A flat of about 7 rooms; complete-
ly furnished for winter months or longw;
adults ; references. Box 2S76. Call.
rumu-um: wanted.
Salesroom. HSo Market st Tet Jessl* 781.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets. ofQc* fur-
niture, etc.. until you get hla estlnxata.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furnltur» th— a
dealers or will sell en commission. I* H.
BURP, >uc. 1639 Market; phono Jessie KM.
CALX, on Alfred Wollpert. 773 Mission st, b»-
for> selling your furniture. Phon> R-d 44-3.
FUBU IT U iUB — 'OB SAIiE.
KURNISHED 6-room flat: Ideal house for lor-
«ra of sunshine and cleanliness; price $123.
- rent $23. Call 3542 Seventeenth st. between
Guerrero and Dolores,
ALMOST riven away; stcraje planoe and fur-
niture; dirt cheap to pay storage. WHITE-
HEAD'S Storage; open evenings.. 1638 Mar-
ket at. ■
BREAKING up; all handsome, modem pieces
furniture a months old; cheap. 1006 Halght
HENRY MAYIR pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission: tel. Bush 31.1
zce—p WAarn_p — nanALr.
THeTrOMAYN- SHIRK Register Renting and
Adv. Co., 612-613 Grant bldg:.. Seventh and
Market sts.; South 104— Neat ulrl. gre-eral
housework $23 mo.; woman, general house-
work 3 in family. $25; general housework
girl. 4-room flat, $20; 28 place* for girls and
women in housework and children nursing,
$15 to $30.
AA — GEORGE DAVI3 & CO..
Employment Agency. ISO Sansome st.. r. 9.
Girls, pack candy. $6 week.
Salesladies, fancy goods department. $9 wk,
2 demonstrators, %0 week.
2 salesladies, underwear, etc.. $9 week.
A — WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresslng.
manicuring, etc: trade taught from A to Z
in 2 wks; tuition $5 to those entering no—; 3
positions to fill immediately; positions guar-
anteed at $10 wk. up; only recognized school
of it» kind on coast: day and eve. classes.
.. 233 Geary et. room 13.
WANTED— Girls to learn millinery now for
spring season: both seasons taught from start
to finish in one month for $3; positions, as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled by
first of year. Parlors) 143 Stockton St.. r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdresstng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc. ; six hours'
practice a day; guarantees positions; only
recognized college of Us kind on coast; day
and evening classes; all parlor work at re-
duced prices. 133 Powell st.
OPERATORS ON COTTONADE PANTS ANI>
FANCY SHIRTS. STANDARD FACTORY.
CORNER GOUGH AND GROVE 3T9.
A FEW more ladles may make, thsrr Christmas
pin money assisting with our new lines deco-
rative work; no experience or talent re-
quired* pay by the piece; about 10c for pleca
at flrat Call from 9 to S. 1344 Market st
A— OPERATORS on ladles' waist*; good wages.
656 Mission st. third floor. ■
A— OPERATORS on ladles' underwear: good
wages. 656 Mission st. third floor.
A — OPERATORS on ladies' wash skirt*. 8M
Mission st. third floor; good wages.
A — OPERATORS wanted to take work home;
good wages. 656 Mission st, third floor.
MAN or woman to take charge of Ian re bath
and massage parlors. Hoover. 1831 Flllaaor*.
TALENTED amateur performers. Apply at
Chutes, 6 p.m. Wednesday ; salary no object.
LADIES — Earn $20 per 100 writing short let-
ters: send stamped envelope. BEST MFO.
CO.. Valparaiso, Ind.
WANTED — By wholesale house, young lady
as assistant bill clerk: must be neat writer,
quick and accurate at figures. Box 2869. Call.
REFINED and well-educated woman of good
appearance; must be competent Box 1493,
Call oTflce. .
WANTED— Chocolate dipper: $10 to $12 p«r
week. Apply KELLER CANDT CO.. Oak-
land, office 477 Seventh st
LADIES for steady home employment: S3 aa4
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckela bldg.. 027 Mar-
ket at. room 613.
FIRST-CLASS operator on custom pants. wh»
can finish; also finishers. 411H Keamy st.
BRIGHT young lady to assist in office and
salesroom. Siberian Fur Co.. 121 > Post st
A FINISHER wanted on custom, coals; steady
work; good pay. C33 Natoma st
A WIDOW, not under 50 years, as working
house keeper, to a single man. Box 2433. Call.
WANTED — Experienced saleswoman. Apply
between 9 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.'
H--P "WAUTED— __.__.
AAA--PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU
8C6 Market st. room 323, fifth floor.
Office hours 9 a. m. to 5 p. ra.
Bookkeeper's assistant. $15 to $23 week
Stenographer $13 week
Manager department store $23 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk $12 week
Checker .....$13 week
Timekeeper $13 week
Accountant $13 to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager SIS week
Two shipping clerks .....$15 week
General office work |15 week
Clerk, city or country $15 week
Young man to learn dentistry $10 week
806 Market St.. room 325, fifth floor.
THE NATIONAL EMPLOYES' RECORD CO.
Stenographer, railroad experience, |30.
Buyers for cigar stands in city.
Piano salesmen, city, good pay.
Experienced checkers, meat. $50 and meals.
Ai salesman, can earn $2500 In HO days."
Office assistant, rapid penman. $10 start.
Interior wireman. unicn wages.
Other positions open. Call at office,
51 Third st, rooms 9-10.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' Agents. S3 Third s_
Teamsters, bay shore. $2.
Solicitor, tea and coffee, big Inducements.
Amador County, teamsters. $2.
Man for dye works. $15 to $20. experienced.
CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
' 14 Third St.: rhone Bush 4C3.
Supplies at a moment's notice: skilled or
unskilled workmen to contractors or others;
city or country. Help secured free.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU. *43
Commercial st. : phone busn SS3 — I more car-
penter-, north, $SO and found.
BARBERS! — J. B. I. U. of A. No. 14<? — Thrr«
will be a sp%c!al meeting TO-NIGHT De-
cember 12. 1004. at 32 O'Farrell st Amend-
ments to the by-laws, nominations of offi-
cers and other Important business requires
ycur attendance. By order of
■ PAUL C. HAMANN. President.
WANTED— One or \wo men to learn a trad*;
must have $10 for security; no Sunday work.
Call 61.3 Merchant, bet. Kearny ar.d Mcntgy.
! YOUNG man to wash dishes and help tn
I kitchen. 23S First st.
MAN or woman to take charga of large bath
and massage parlors. Hoover, 1SSI Flllmore.
GOOD carriage blacksmith helper. 1370 Turk.
WANTED— Dishwasher. 2fl Sacramento rt.
A YOUNG butcher to drive a wagon and work
In shop. Address 202 Valencia st.
SALESMAN wanted; second-hand furniture
«cre; experienced on* only need apply. Cor.
Eleventh* and Franklin sts.. Oakland.
A RAPID typewriter for medical advertising
Institution: experience necessary. Box 2401.
Call office.
STENOGRAPHER, railroad experience re-
quired. $50. Call before U to-day, roora 9,
WANTED— Modeler In clajr tor ornamental
pattern*. A. MERLE CO.. 317 Mission »U
BAItBKR trade taught absolutely free.
HAIGHTS, 751 Mission st.; «e«> him.
WANTKD— Young man with $73; steady, pay-
ing work. Box 874. Ctll office.WANTS I r THEY ONLY KNOW WHAT YOU WANT
BtiiPWAyrrn — a-LA-cTi «■?—-•-.-..«..
AA — GEORGE DAVIS & CO..
Da-pleTincBt Agency, ino Sarucmo rV«*a 9.
f he* v>rk. $«<>.
HaLcrdasher cierk. $75.
Or-thlnjk fslesnian", $75.
Order clerk and collector. fW
MiUinei-y nan. city $15«.
2 Jewelry clerks $20 m-eek.
All-around tailor. $;i day.
Sten grapher and office assistant. $40,
Stenographer. $50 and found.
THE EOMAYN'-Smnk Kei-ister iienTlng and
Adv. Co.. 612-013 Grant 'bids.. Seventh and
• Market *ts. ; South 104.
Kiret-class shoe sales-nun, permanent, $18 wk
i*K."hins -;»»■•-..:.. ■„■■•■• ! man. $I0O mo
'i<nt's furr.ii>hi--f salefman, start at $12 50.
Geofa furr.iFlitnjt salesmen, good nun, $S5.
Fancy gcxxJs talesman anil window dresser.
Firrt-class mar.fg. jeweler and engraver.
An all -round etcne-setter. cramp close pearl
and cluster work. Klbsy getting, etc., top
salary to first-class man.
"..-•-. watchmakers, hrw positions, permanent.
lK-mestlc ■s.leem&n, out of town. $4O-$*H>.
•T»o cxyr. clothing wrappers. Cne store.
Neat little boy, stamp envelopes. $3 week.
A— MURjLaY * READY. 634-63$ CLAY ST.
Phcne Main &S48.
•Leaflin-r Employment ar.g Labor Agents.
We gave 11*04 we hope to
.60,000 men wt>rk in 1003. increase CO.COO.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Tinsmith, city job $3 to $4 day.
5 SAllmakers. city *ot>, $3 to $4 day.
Milker and wife. Portuguese, near city,
' Cook ana wife, mine Nevada. 25 men. $55 fd.
17 farmhands, plow teamsters,
11 choremen aud chcrebcys. private and
ranches.
HOTEL HELP.
Cooks, waiters cishwashers. porters, bell
and elevator boys.
Dyer and cleaner, pood Job. country.
Pa!rjTRS.a. north. $">5 to $*0 and found.
Boy "for grocery, city. $6 week.
Marker and distributer, country laundry,
soutii. $13 we«k.
LEVE-RMATf.
Lererrcan for small cteam olam shell dredg-
er, see boss here, $60 to $75 and found.
FARMER AND WIFE.
Fanner and wile, stock farm. C. C. Co., $40
and found.
6 pruners. vineyard. Btnta Cms Co., $40.
Harness -maker, ranch. C. C. Co.. $40 and f d.
FOREMAN.
Fort — ar. for general construction work, oon-
crete rock powder and grading. $100 fd; see
boe* here.
Short-order cook and waiter, city restaurant,
$12 week.
Cook and wife country restaurant. $S0 fd.
8 far-r.har.ds eteady Job $30 and fd.
MURRAY A- READY. 634-638 Clay ei.
HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPES?.
' If you are a competent man. unemployed
er dissatisfied with your position, we can
place you. Investigate our plan of securing
pcslticns In clerical, technical and mercantile
lines, paying from $1000 to $5000 year. In-
terviews strictly confidential. Offices and
representatives in many cities. Commercial
Clearance Company, suite 415-16 Starr King
l.if . 117 Geary st.
-ALL young aw can learn the barber trade in
8 weeks at the ORIGINAL JNO. A. MO-
LER 1 S Barber Collere, 844 Clay st.: tuition
•■arned while learning; positions guaranteed;
only college in San Francisco with constant
practice and expert instructions. Call or
aidref* 6*4 Clay st.
<
UE"s'— The onry original Moler Bar-ber College
teaches barber trade in 8 weeks; wages
tamed -n-hlle learning.
New quartets and new appliances.
Call cr write fcr Illustrated catalogue.
lidtr Barber College, 649 Farramento St.
Lately tncved from Clay st.
WANTED — Few high-class solicitors to sell
. '-;"'i''f cf deposit in a banking corpora-
tion; some financial assistance to those with
•ability and Al references; none oth*r need
apply: opportunity to realize $5 to $10 per
cay." Address box 1048. Call offlre.
A PLEASANT raced, flne appearing registered
rty-it-isr. and surgeoo; must be quite gray,
but active; positively no other; no traveling;
• itltn fHOO or mere when well started. Call
at 25 Tfclrd St.
WANTED — In the office of large wholesale
house, youag man as assistant bookkeeper;
• rsu-t be. thorcucfa'y experienced; references
required. Bex 2403, Call.
YOUNG man to manage offlce for Eastern
corporation. $73 to $l(W month; references
! er.!i fh-*.II capita! r<y:u!r<*d. Apply 302 Starr
Kir.sr buildlnc. 121 Geary et.
■WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade, under firrt-ciass Instructor: only 9
»«>ks required at GrLLETTS SCHOOL, 611
• Commercial St. *
.WANTEI"» — Men to prepare fcr railway mall.
• internal revenue and custom-house positions;
fr»>e cataloirue. Pacific Correspondence Insti-
tnt«. Grant bldg.. 1Q35 Market; open evgs.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that I'd Ttolkln, Reno House proprietor, has
.added 100 new rooms tp the Denver House,
217 Third st. ; 230 rooms ; 2T»c to 50c per night.
WANTED — Educated grentleman for encyclope-
<iU work; $1000 per year; references required.
Ilex 1190. Call office.
V,' ANTED — Experienced solicitors for sale of
rl*t-e£red tnvestm-ent; refs. required. Box
1141. Call.
2.-CHAIR barber shop and clear stand: rood
' reasons for selling: cheap rent; lease. 638
* - Poet St.
UP-TO-DATE barber ehep for sale; Market
and Sixth sts. See COLEMAN. 806 Mutual
Bank bldg.
GET your eho** h«Jf-so!ed while ■waiting; 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission ft., bet. 1st and 2d sts.,
nr 11 Third st.. Examiner building.
WANTED— Men to fill S50 rooms at 20c per
r.ight; clothes closets, hair mattresses, elec-
tric light in every room. 6S1 Howard, nr. 3d.
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
r>air; foot-form shots, $2 TiO; we pay express
charges. 11 3d St., £>sam. bid.; open till 9 p.m.
IIT'SICIA-NS to Join brass band. 328 Bush et..
tSird Coor. room 4.
BARBERS— I wlf-h to buy paylm? shop: not
over $400. Address 703 Howard st.
WAN'i'JvD — To rent or buy barber shop; price
mun b* moderate. Box 1165. Call.
BIEHIXMAX wanted. Apply CHAS. LYONS,
• LonCon Tailor, 721 Market et.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
" wmle learainc. 83? Market st, room 104.
.MEN. learn the barber trade; tultlcn free to
lucky one. 741 Howard ft.
MEN wanted at 137 3d et., where shoes are re-
paired try machinery; sew-sd soles lOmln.. 75c.
SAILORS and young men (.green hands) for
chips. HALLBERT, W" Jackson sL
LABOR debts collected: suits, attachment*.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy., r. 415.
PENSION atty.. E. A. BuIIls. r. 40. Pbelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. II. Thomas' Post. G. A. It.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 TfcirdTt.. near Mar-
k«>t — 700 rooms; STic night; reading rooms;
free 'bus and bag-gage to and from terry.
AnVEP.TTSEMENTP, nubsrriptions received at
Call branch office. rt>r. Duncan end Church.
A BRANCH office .of The CsJl for the recep-
tion of advertiiscnvnts and Fubscriptlons has
b**n opened at 1008 Mark"et St., opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ALL «• y t- rnc-n's shoes slightly damaged, half
price. C71 Mission Et., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HOSSZS AJTP WAQOirS. _ I
CARLOAD gentle driving and tmslness horses, 1
also heavy wagen and truck horses. WEST-
ERN HORSE MARKET. K. STEWART &
CO.. 22U Valencia st.
— —
TWO carloads broke honse*. weighing from
lttXT tn lCOO pounds, at n«t-rn Horse Mar-
S ket. E STEWART fe CO.. 2S0 Valencia.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. K. Veterinary Col-
lege now ready; mailed free uptn application
to DR. E. J. CRETELY. Pretu. .Mo Gold-d Gate
A STYLISH, gentle borre for eale; 7 years
old: trots cr paces. Box 1437. Call office.
FOR sale — Dry goods delivery wagon- also
tiisine— buggr: cheap. £23 Fulton st.
G T24 ?f ctn : o?flce" Drlng0r<aer - AMreM
br Ero *
CHEAP; one single and one double pendle too
wagon and 5 business wagons. 1503 Folsom.
FOR sate— 10 second-hand express wagons one
single truck. 233 Beale st. "e" 1 -". out
AUCTION rale of horses, wagons and harness
evr-ry Wednesday et 11 a. m. 227 Sixth sL
HOTEXiS.
HOTEL BALTOfORE, 1015 Van Nees ave.
This first -clats hotel, cow being conducted 'on
American plan, especially for families for the
eeason or year. Location is unsurpassed. The
. ecuini&e&ts are all modern, with vvery con-
,v«mienoe. The rooms are larpe, runny and
comfortable; I euperb view; furnishings are all
4 ;. i-u.t. Cuisine highest order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, nianai-w, formerly of Hotel tjipghum
K . Y., and Muana Hotel, Honolulu.
HOUSES^XOJ,^
A-PRINTED list of houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 20 Montgomery
FOR rent — Two-story and basement 8-room
residence; bath; 2 toilets; large yard; flow-
*>r«. trees, etc.; modern; references. 221
niirt'.eth st.
HOI.'SK — 7 sunny rooms bath and bajement:
174K Hyde *t. ; rent . $23. F. L JONES,
Mills bldg.
UNFURNISHED or partly furnish?d home;
Presidio Helchts;- 8 rooms and bath.. Box
737. Call office.
Sl'NNY 11 -room residence; marine view; gar-
den. 1316 Green, St.; $05; elegant.
$12— HOUSE with 6 rooms, closets a nd cellar.
1311 York el., between 25th and 2Gth.
FURNITURE and carpets, 5 rooms. 341
Eighth ave., Richmond District.-
HOVFE. 8 rooms and bath. Inquire • 128
Eddy st. ' ■ '
HOUSES TO LET — PUBLISHED.
NICELY furnished house of 12 rooms; any one
desiring to purchase will find this a rare opr
portunlty to get fine quality of -furniture and
carrets at a bargain ; .no agents. .Inquire at
premises. 35S Golden Gate ave.
T»1NE. 2786— <"o-sy. sunny 8 r. and b.: complete-
• ly fur.: large yard; basement; flne locality, j
HOUSES FTJUNISHED — FOB SALE.
JONES, 910A— Well-furnished 7-room house; ,
few rooms rented; covers all expenses; rent I
$35; must be sold this week.
S ROOMS, complete for housekeeping; nlce.car- '
pets and oak furniture; cheap. 506 Sixth st.
COTTAGE of four rooms and bath; rent $15.
Apply S50 Preclta ave.
$16 — 6-ROOM cottage on Cottage row. nr. Web-
tter. bet, gutter and Bush. Inquire No. 7.
. 1H VESTMENTS.
MARCONI — I must sell 200 or any part of 200
shares of American Marconi Wireless stock
at $3 60 per share; are worth $6 each. Ad-
dress A.O.. box 2913. Call.
tKST AJLLKENT E TJILD Ii;Q.
BUILDING CONSTRUCTION COMPANY.
. Installment homes, 612 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$S a month pays principal and interest on
each $1000 of balance due, making your ia-
. ttallments less than" rent; >end for circular.
. I.OST AKD rOTJHP.
CHIP diamond and ruby rings left in lavatory
of White House. Please return to office of
same.
LOST — Gold heart pin; three pearls. Finder
please return to 2324V& Flllmore st; reward.
LOST — Email foxterrler dog, answers name of
Foxey; reward. 219 Bartlett st.
LOST — Third and Market sts., diamond snake
ring. Return to 1214 Fulton St.; reward.
LAUNCHES TOR HTBE. :
C. A. McNEILL LAUNCH CO., foot of Clay
St.; for pleasure and business; tel. Bush 634.
_ MaTBIMOinA£i~
NOTICE — Wish to form the acquaintance of a
young lady between the age 17 and 21; not
above 5 feet 4 Inches In height: no agents
or trlflers need answer. Box 2372, Call.
MATTBESSES AZTD PILLOWS.
TO order; renovated, disinfected (formaldehyde
process); excellent carpet cleaning. HOPKB
BROS- 1432-34 Howard St.; phone South 216.
MEDICAL. .___
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to their s«x can find
Immediate relief by consulting Dr. White,
the only graduate physician in San Fran-
cisco who has devoted a lifetime to helping
women; 17 years' experience without a fail-
ure has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief or no t»X. . \ "
DR. WHITE. 702. Market st..' rooms 7 and S.
LADIES — Possibly I'm not the cheapest nor
yet the oldest- specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. When in
trouble tonfide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I promise best at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1. Est. 14 years.
DR. E. G. WEST, office 3G5 Kearny st.
DRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe:
estab. 1SS4 in S. F. ; 28 years' experience;
female complaints only; Drs. Goodwin is well
known to enjoy the implicit confidence of
ladles euCering from Irregularities or otber
conditions; relief assured or no charge; avoid
delay; fee low; 'hours 2 to 4 and 6:31) to 8:80
p. m. £50 Market at., second floor, room 37.
MRS. DR. KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and Irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. .1008*4 Market St., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. epecialist for all female
ccmp'alsts and Irregularities; instant relief
guaranteed: SO years' experience. 944 Post st.
MRS. DR. ALLEN, ladles specialist, removed
from HIS Market to S3S Mission St.. near
Fourth; home in confinement; 25 years' ex-
perience; best medical attention; low fees.
LADIES suffering from Irregularities, sick or
in trouble, consult Dr. Sylvester, 219 Kearny
St.; relief guaranteed; no drugs.no operations.
TALBOT BARNARD, Australian Nerve Spec-
ialist, has arrived; limited number patients
treated borne; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
MRS. DR. GWYER. 511 A Leavenworth St.. be-
tween Geary and 0'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DA VIES and HINDOO HERBS;
oriel nal method of treatment. 1128 Market.
LA DIBS — Kumround; safe, sure, never falls;
• $2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co.. Kearny & Clay.
DR. ROSEN, residence 2395 Folsom St., corner
26th; ladles, relief or no fee; $10.
MISCELIiAJTEOUE — FOB SALE.
AN easy way to irtve Christmas presents with-
out straining your pursee; select anything in
our large stock of diamonds, .watches, Jew-
elry, cut glass, silverware, gold and silver
umbrella*, etc.; we deliver you the goods on
first payment, the balance in email install-
ments; no charge for engraving: call In and
examine our goods. PORTLAND JEWELRY
CO.. 25 Stockton st.
FOR sale — Full stock of hunting dogs, broken,
unbroken; setters, spaniels, St. Bernard, col-
lies, cockers, bull and hull terriers; dachs-
hund, etc., shipped to all parts C. O. D. at
half rates. COLLEGE KENNELS, largest in
the Stale. 115 Haight eu ; phone Park 442.
L>ogs boarded.
DOES YOUR ROOF LEAK T
Have you a leaky tin, shingle, felt or Iron
roof T Cover it with Mastic Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
dtcks. balconies, etc Mastic Roof Paint and
Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
at about It. Elaterlte Roofing Co.. 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, boilers, pump*,
puljeys. Bhaftlng. etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. 8. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale st
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN. lt»5-197 Fremont st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
1 tnents; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED. TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st,
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipe, shafting; pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st.
REPUTABLE place to rent gents' full drers.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Etockton St. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 50 pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 CO; we pay express '
charges. 11 3d St., Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry on small weekly or
monthly payments. DKREMER'S. 137 Mont-
gomery 6t.. room 12. upstairs.
SWELL white fox stole; very handsome; worth
$M); accept $12 CO. Call 1000 Halgbt et.
FOR sale — Four-wheeied invalid chair; half
price. 113 Lexington ave., after 5 p. m.
ALL kinds of talking machines and records at
LEVY'S, 415 Kearny st. ; exchanges made.
BIG bargain* In unredeemed- diamond pledges
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st. . .
TWO more thoroughbred ' English fox terriers
for tale: $3 apiece. 1S2S Powell st.
HIGHEST cash price* paid for* diamonds at
PAUL V. GARIN'S. 114 Sutter st. ' '
TOWETS furniture polish removes . spots and
etalns; fre« delivery. 870 Fell »t."
GAS engines, centrifugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest prices. Price Pump Co.. 523 Market st.
SAFES and cash registers: niw and seconl-
hand. I. FREEMAN. 1325 Market St.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door. sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co., 1007 Market, *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; MONDAY,. DECEMBER U 1905.
Mincx:i.i.AK-Eotrs — rcn sale- -Con.
DESKS bought, sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. S07 Mission St.; tel. South 81L
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. Bullard & Breck, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SATE CO.. 307 Battery at.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. J. E. DOAK. 46 Fremont st.
i ROOMS papered, $4 up; tinting, painting.
Hartmann Pamt Co.. 310 Third: tel. Main 413.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
AAAAAA — BUYS any amount good 2d-hand
clothing; special price for fancy ladies' and
men's clothes. 922 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA — Highest prices for ladles', gents* cast-
oft clothing. Tel.Davls S25. C50 Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS and precious stones bought for
cash. KARL EBER Sl CO., r. 405. Adams
■ bldg.; 200 Kearny sc ; 'phone Black 3036.
Levy Sc Redl«r. highest price for gents' cast-off
clothing, shoes; tel. Red 1544. 615 Washington
MOKET TO aqAg.^
— MANHATTAjT LOAN COMPANY "(Inc.)—
.-; ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5% AND 6 PER CENT....
CITY OAKLAND. TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided interests in prop-
erly, pi-c*bate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies and undivided Interests in property
purchased.
MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY
Suite 107- IPS Crocker bldg. ; phone Main 5324.
I AAA— HERMAN MURPHY.
601-602-603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; no disappointments.
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, property in trust,
etc. ;■ legacies, life estates and undivided in-
terests in property purchased.
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY.
WILL LOAN
A reasonable amount on
1st, 2d or 3d
Mortgage, on real estate.
In city, town or country.
Low rate of interest.
Give full particulars
. of property.
Location, etc
„ ■ , Box 223. Call office.
A — THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton St., .
loans mon^y on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month; fire and burglar-proof
safe; deposit vault on premises for tree use
of customers. '
SALARY LOANS—
Money loaned salaried people without secur-
ity or Indorsement, knowledge of employer or
any cne; confidential and courteous treatment;
call and i*et terms. Drake, 453 Parr.tt bid.
A — ON furniture or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
. amount. O. W. BECKER. 36 Geary, room 3B.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
806 Market; tel. Main 1644, Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, teamsters, , boarding-houses, without
security; eaey payments; large business In 44
principal cities. TOLMAN. 653 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, insurance policies, chattel mort-
gages, diamonds valuables, etc. UNITED
LOAN AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton St.,
near Market.
LOANS on personal notes, salaries, furniture,
second mortsaeea, etc. ; easiest terms in city.
United Service Credit Co., 8 Taylor at.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries without
security; diamond* or chattels; no fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co., 523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos; no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low interest; gold, silver,
diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HKSTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California St.. rooms 14 and 15.
PRIVATE party will loan money on salaries
without security. Room 75, 916 Market st.
SALARIED people on note. S. F. DISCOUNT
AGENCY. 125-127 Phelan bldg. Private.
MONEY loaned in sums from $10 upward; rea-
sonable interest. A. O. Colton, 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, Jewelry:
confd. Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Huttcn Credit Co.. 012 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bldg.
ALL loans on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
' mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank, 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. TREMAIN, room 81. 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndoreer. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
23JJS1CAT, IjgSTBTTME»TS.
A NUMBER OF BARGAINS IN UPRIGHTS.
A small upright, a snap $95
Ftodart. mahogany case, flne condition.. $135
Grovesteen & Fuller, full size concert. .$145
Fischer, thoroughly repaired $160
Also a Chickering, Vose, Stelnway, Weber,
Mason & Hamlln, Sterling and many others.
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
16. O'Farre'.l st.
A GREAT opportunity — We are closing out
our ertire Seattle stock in" S. F. at prices
never heard of before; all makes; your
term* are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed if
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO., 235-237
Geary Ft.. S. F. ; .Oakland, 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must sell large Steinway upright;
cost $700; price $2S5; will accept payments;
no reasonable cash offer refused, 237
Geary Et.
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed if pur-
chased. SCOTT-CURTAZ, 660 Hayes st.
FINE modern downtown rooming-house; value
$7000; all Improvements; long lease; exchange
for good real estate. 361 Butter st.
$35 — EASTERN piano, cost $400. for eale on $5
installments. 1300 Cough St., near Geary.
OPEN evenings until Christmas. Byron Mauzy
Piano Warerooma. 308-312 Post st.
A SMALL Stelnway upright; cost $500; $183
takes It. 237 Geary st. '
FISCHER upright: cost $350; will sell for $98.
237 Geary st.
FOR honest and fair dealing, Hornung Piano
House. 216 McAllister -st.
ELEGANT oprights.new & 2d-hand,$45 to $300.
Plerce's Piano Factory, Market and 14th sts.
EOHMER, Byron Mauzy pianos, Cecelian piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 303-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ment-- SCHMITZ & CO.. 16 McAllister st.
8-PEDAL Stelnway up; Chickering baby grand;
Eboninger, little used. Keeffe's, 289 O'Farrell.
J| OrriCES AITD STOBES TO IiET^
OAK, cor. Broderlck — Large store suitable for
KrtR^iy and saloon; opposite carhouse.
PEBSONAJDia^^^^^^
A FACE without a wrinkle may be the pos-
session of any one who takes th« full treat-
ment for the removal of facial imperfections
practiced by M. ELLA HARRIS; simple
remedy, based upon scientific principles; per-
manent in effect; proofs shown; send for free
booklet "Hints on Beauty." M. ELLA HAR.
RIS; 128 Geary st.
A A— WHY look old? — '■ — '
Fifteen day rate'wlll now be given by MME.
GILLINGHAM; a lady 72 years of age with
wrinkles and pufflness removed from one side
of the face can be seen dairy; write for book-
let. 143 Stockton St., cor." Geary. -^
DR. AGNE3 WINZELL, graduated Electro
Therapeutics, has returned from the East and
located at 328 Ellis st. ; a cordial invitation
to old friends; the publio to investigate new
method of treatment.
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair Im-
proves Its growth.stops falling, cures dandruff ;
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses scalp;at druggists', hairdressers'; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk, i
MRS. LEGG, the noted mental scientist, has
opened offices at 2214 Howard St.; all" dis-
eases positively cured without medicine; to-
bacco & liquor habits specialty; consult free.
NOTICE — Any, one desiring to become j master
of their own destiny and become an Initiate
in the Cabala, for Information, The Philo-
. • sophlcal Pub. Co., 1429 Market st. \
OXYGEN massage cures weakness and nervous
troubles. Office, 320 Starr King bldg i*»i
. Geary st. MRS. HOLSHOUSER, magnetic
specialist; ladies and gentlemen.
CANCERS, floating kidney, " rectal, splaal dis-
eases cured painlessly.' MRS. ADA, 1024 Mis-
. slon st. . . , , ■ ; : ' ; t -?
ASTHMA and rheumatism cured free. "Tho
' Blue Cross Medical Aid Specialists/ 1035 Mkt.
•C. E. JEWKTT, purchasing * agent; country
orders. 305 Larkin, r. 4». tel. South 319. .•;«-. <
PE^OKATaS— Conjtoned. '
"R-E-X-R-A-D-I-O'-S B-U-L^E-T-I-N/'
"HUNDREDS RECENTLY HEALED."
"HE SAVED MT LIFE" LAST WEEK.—
Through eating tainted meat I suffered the
most awful, excruciating torments from
PTOMAINE POISONING. Every moment
seemed as if It would be my LAST. I
writhed In exquisite anguish all . the time.
• There ■ was constant violent vomiting and
purging, with inconceivable, Intolerable tor-
ture all over my body, especially In stom-
ach and bowels. I felt I must surely DIB
unless speedily helped, but nothing relieved
me In the least. I was collapsing from the
' most cruel a conies and exhaustion. Then
came Rexradlo, whse "first" treatment (In-
stantly) gave me extraordinary relief. It was
- like passing from hell to heaven. The second
treatment fully and permanently stopped all
the dreadful pains, vomiting and purging,
with no return since. That night I slept
soundly and ever since have felt like a new
man, entirely painless, easy and hearty, and
able as usual to attend to my business. I
cannot Speak too highly of Rexradlo and his
truly "marvelous" humanized radium treat-
ment, which 1 earnestly recommend to all
sufferers. Before I was a "skeptic." but now
Rexradlo has not a more entnuslastic grate-
ful advocate than' I am. He healed me as
If by magic, and undoubtedly saved my
life. Call on me any time.— Richard J,
Keneflck, 7 Fourth st.
"OSSIFIED LADY."— Mrs. Knowles, onoe sol-
id Joints continue to. freely move. Call and
read the marvelous details in "written" tes-
timony dictated and signed by her HUS-
BAND: far MORE -wonderful than previous
"brief" . notices; also numerous WIT-
NESSES of the great benefit, who knew for
years her heloless condition, are willing to
be "interviewed."
"A • MULTITUDE" of patients recently suc-
cessfully treated for anchylosis, deaf-
mutelsm, paralysis, neuralgia, rheumatism,
lumbago, blindnesB, fever, cancer, ulcer, ca- :
tarrh, locomotor ataxla, contracted muscles,
gastritlu, pneumonia, tumor, sciatica, fits,
etc.; also numerous cases of FEMALE
WEAKNESSES quickly, wonderfully helped
by Rexradlo, after all. others had FAILED
utterly. Call and see stacks of testimonials.
(DISTANT treatments given.)
"REXRADIO'S" office hours, 2 to I . DAILY
"public" heallcg, 2 and 8 p.m. Bring sick
poor. Call for WEEKLY CIRCULAR. 1
Fourth st. (cor. Market).
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1889. 2122 Flllmore St.: phone Geary 2053.
AT less than cost; uncalled for suits, overcoats
and trousers at CHARLES LYONS', London
Tailor. 721 Market st. ;
YOU can buy $75 worth of furniture for $7 50
down and $1 50 per week. T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.. 840 Post st.. near PowelL
SUITS to order on installments of $1 per week.
• NEUHAUS CO.. the tailors, 729 Market st.
EASY Installments for Men and Youths. Suits
to order. Co-operative Tailoring, 1117 Mkt.
$1 a week; suits to order $15 up. LEMOS. 1127
■ Market St., bet. Seventh and Eighth.
ONE dollar weekly keeps you in fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. 1644 Mkt.. under St. Nicholas.
ELEGANT suits to order, extra pants or fancy
vests, for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
Superfluous hair removed; electric needle. Mrs.
Eaton.8G9 Sutter. Miss Eaton.233 Geary.r.38.
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; dress pants $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
MASQUERADE- costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO., 733 Mkt.
ALFREDUM'S Egyptian Henna restores gray
hair to Its nautral color.ll at all druggists*.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at 1908 Market St.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m. '
PHYSICIAHS AND SX7BQEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021% Market St., bet. 6th and 7th; partlcu-
- lar attention paid to diseases of women.
BLOOD, skin and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073*4 Market et
REMOVED— DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body; for
past four years at 115-117 Mason st., now lo-
cated at €67 Geary St., near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor— All dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH, DEAFNESS and NOISES in EAR3
positively cured; new. methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cdttln-rham. 204 Butter^
PTJRCHASIiro AGENCIES.
CLARA E. JEWETT, purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a epeclalty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 805 Larkin St.. room 49; tel. South 819.
* PATENTS.
INVENTIONS patented. F. P. MEDINA, at-
torney-at-law. 6 Hobart bldg.. 532 Market st.
PBOPO3AX3.
DEPARTMENT of the Interior, United States
Geological Survey, Reclamation Service,
Washington, D. C, Nov. 28, 1904. — Sealed
proposals will be received at the office of the
United States Reclamation Service, Montrose,
Colo., until 2 o'clock p. m., December 31,
1904, for the construction of a frame build-
ing for the accommodation of the offices nec-
essary for the use of the United States Rec-
lamation Service in connection with the con-
struction and maintenance of the Uncom-
i pahgrc Valley project, i Specifications, form
of proposal and plans may be inspected at
the office of the Chief Engineer of the Unit-
ed States Reclamation ■ Service, Washington,
D. C. ; at the office of tha District Engineer,
United States Reclamation Service, Chamber
of ComroereV building, Denver, Colo., and
at the office of the United States Reclama-
tion Service, Mcntrose. Colo. Each bid must
be accompanied by a- certified check for 5
per cent of the amount of the bid, payable
to the order of the Secretary of the Interior,
fas a guaranty that the bidder will, if suc-
cessful, promptly execute a satisfactory con-
tract and furnish borid in the sum of 60 per
cent of the contract price for the faithful
performance of the work. It Is understood
that all bids are submitted subject to the
sufficiency • of the title to the land upon
which it Is proposed to erect the building.
The right is reserved to reject any or all
bida, to accept one part and reject the other,
and to waive technical defects, as the Inter-
ests of the seYvice may require. Bidders are
Invited to be present. Proposals must be
marked. "Proposals for- the Construction of
Office Building, • Uncompahgre Valley Pro-
Ject."- E. A. HITCHCOCK, Secretary.
PROPOSALS for Lumber— Office Depot Quar-
termaster, 20 New Montgomery st.. San
Francisco, Cal., December 10. li>04: Sealed
** proposals. In triplicate, subject to. usual con-
ditions, will be received here until 12 o'clock,
neon. Pacific standard time. Tuesday, De-
cember 20, lf)04, and then opened, . for
furnishing lumber for the Philippine Islands.
United States reserves right to accept or
. reject any or , all proposals or any part
thereof. Further Information furnished on
application. , -Envelopes containing proposals
to be marked "Proposals for Lumber No
9S02," and addressed to Major C. A £)evol
Q. M., U.. 8. A., Depot Quartermaster. '
$20,000 MUNICIPAL water works bonds, town
of Wheatlana for sale, untaxable, bearing S
per cent interest; serial 40 years; bids will
be received up to Monday, Dec. 6, 1004, cer-
tified check of 10 per cent to accompany bid.
For Information address R. N. MURPHY
Town Clerk. Wheatland. Cal.
w^ A i l -55 OUSE3 -
ALMOST given away— Storage pianos and fur-
niture dirt cheap to pay storage. WHITE-
HEAD'S Storage, 1CJ0 Market; open even-
ings.
A TREMENDOUS sacrifice — Car fine new '
pianos in storage; slightly damaged by R.
R. wreck; less than $100; pianos guaranteed -
open eves. Whltehead's Storage, 1636 Market!
A— EMPORIUM Storage & Van Co.; furniture,
household goods stored, . moved, shipped. 725-
781 Howard St., nr. Third; phone Grant 161. -
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co., 8 Eddy st -
t phone Mint 2941; JOHN F. COOPEK, preai-
furniture moved, packed, shipped and stored!
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co., of-
flce Post and Pc well sts. ; teL Pri. Ex. B71.
PACIFIC Storage and . Furniture Moving Com*
pan;, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
: . st. ; . tel. Main ■ 1840. Shipping at - cut rates.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents — The Weekly Call,
1« pages, in wrapper, for mailing. ?1 per year
AN exceptionally good 1 No. 2 Remington. No. 1
' Smith Premier, $25; . other typewriters at
higher and lower, prices: rentals $2 50. The :
Typewriter Exchange, 636 California at.
2D-H AND typewriters ? sold, rented, repaired,
Wehnter Typewriting Inwp»c. Co..- 608 Market.
DIVTJOEITP NOTICES.
AMERICAN CAN CO. — A -; quarterly dividend
of,l*4 pes* cent has; this day.been; declared
upon ■ the » preferred * stock of - this ' company,
payable on- January. 1,^1805,, to stockholders
of , record at the '- dose of ; business December
' 19, - 1904. - .The transfer, books will be closed
as to I the ■ oref erred ! stock from- December 20
, to- January I,"' inclusive.' Checka will* be
mailed. - R. H. ISMON, : Secretary. ' Decem-
ber 5, lOOi. J
BEAL ESTATE— CITY — FOB SAM.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK.
NO INTEREST. NO TAXE3.
$200 ' for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table-. on grade;
close to Cne school and Mlsslon-st. electric
tars; bound to double in value.
$400 each, on installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard;
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots in this dis-
trict; advancing In price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE.
26 Montgomery St., r. 8.. Phone Main 5704.
$10,600, INCLUDING bltumlnlzlng of street;
terms to suit; 3 swell fiats not yet com-
pleted; rents $1080. per annum; every known
possible latest Improvement; 16 minutes from
City Hall; Seventh-ave. boulevard, near Ful-
ton st.; close to the park; . all-night car
service. Call from 1 to 4, Seventh ave., nr.
Fulton st.
BUILDERS. ATTENTION!
60 FEET.
ELLIS STREET,
CLOSE TO TAYLOR.
CHEAP.
THOMAS MAGEE & EONS,
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
WE have some special bargains in city prop-
erty; also homes on easy terms in Berkeley
and Alameda; call or send for what you
ROTHERMEL A- CO.. 607 California st.
FOR sale— A fine 0-room cottage on Sutter st.,
nr. Devlsadero; lot 30x87:6. Apply 105 Eddy.
COTTAGE. 6 rms., bath; nice garden; 25x114;
$2600; term* easy. Owner, 435 Parrott bldg.
STANDARD portable shower baths sold by
Ahlbach Sc Mayer, plumbers, 830 Howard st.
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. •
BEAL ESTATE — COPKTBY — for Sal*,
WHITE & BAYLDY,
. Successors to
W. J. WHITE.
CHICKEN RANCHES EVERYWHERE.
EXCHANGES.
$4 60 per acre — 6 miles of Cloverdale and
railroad; 4000 acres, comprising the best stock
ranee and especially adapted to sheep; 2 fine
11 vine streams run several .miles through the
property; careful estimates place the oak
stumpage at 125,000 cords, for which we have
an oiler of 25 cents per cord on contract with
cash payment annually whether wood 4s cut or
not; wood alone more than pays for the place.
$12,500—386 acres rich alluvial soil; 2 miles
of two thriving railroad towns and not far
from Lcxli, Ban Joaquin County; small almond
orchard: good house, 6 rooms and bouse for
help; fine barn holding 100 tons; wagon shed-;
blacksmith shop; windmill, 5000 gallon tank;
fenced and cross-fenced; terms or exchange;
gilt-edge bay property.
S8500— On oiled drive; 1 mile of Llvermore;
40 acres healthy, full bearing vineyard; about
J 5 acres fruit; plain dwelling; barn; good well
> and windmill; 2 years' crop will pay for this
place.
$3000 — 25 acres; 1 mile of Courthouse and
High School; 5 acres fine alfalfa; 10 acres
Bartlett pears and almonds; balance alfalfa
land: 2 wells; fully equipped pumping plant;
dwelling, barn, poultry houses; drying plant;
half cash.' i ■
$4000 — 88 acres level loam land near Elmlra;
IS acres apricots, 12 French prunes; family
orchard; 6 acres Bartlett pears; 5-room cot-
tase; barn; 12 poultry houses; brooder
houses; 2 wells; windmill and tank; would
subdivide on easy terms or accept unimproved
lots tn part payment.
$600 — Almost adjoins,, stores, P. O. and 0
miles of Anderson ; 10 acres; 6 acres bearing
peaches; cabin 16x24; under irrigation ditch;
well fenced; poultry men, investigate quick.
$1000 cash required, balance any time to
please you; 40 acres all under fine Irrigation
system: 25 In full bearing fruit; 5-room and
bath cottage; barn, stable; 5 acres rich hay
land for alfalfa; balance timbered pasture; 1
mile of Courthouse and depot; don't wait to
write, but come and Investigate. '
$300 down; 1 mile of R. R. town; IS acres
level black loam; no buildings: well fenced;
13 acres full bearing pears and French prunes;
fine creek for poultry; prfce $2000. any terms.
$4000 — Best hop land In Sonoma County; 40
acres, 6 miles of Santa Rosa: large hophouse;
9 head of Jersey cows: hogs; 400 hens; wagon,
burgy, 2 sets of harness,, span horses, farming
tools, dairy utensils, furniture: buy this and
make money faster than they do in the Mint.
JS500 — Close to Napa City: 60 acres rich,
level land; 85 acres In orchard 12 years old:
good 8-room house; large barn.- windmill and
tank: drying plant, poultry yards; horses, cat-
tle: farming tools; good furniture; fine Income;
half cash.
$2300—25 acres, half rolling and balance
level; near Santa Rosa, 3 miles of Kenwood:
rich land; 2 acres orchard: vineyard: creek, 2
wells: nice oottage, 5 rooms; large barn;
fenced Into 4 fields; B poultry-houses, large
wire netting yards, 150 laying hens; good
horse, 8 cattle; spring wagon, top buggy; 4
tons hay; easy terms.
$4750 — On Guadalupe Creek, south of San
Jose: 33 acres; 12 In full bearing orchard In
fine condition: balance gently sloping fine hay
land; fine creek; 25 magnificent oak trees; 4-
room cottage; good stable: fins income: we
have a choice list of small homes in Santa
Clara County; pleased to drive you .around and
show them.
$2950 — 2 miles of Sonoma City; 10 acres level
garden soil; 8H acres bearing vines; 1 acre
fruit; good dwelling, barn, poultry-houses;
horse, wagon, carts, plows, 8 sets harness,
tools, wine press, tanks and casks; furniture;
fine crop.
S1700 — 25 acres, close to Callstoga:
to vines and trees; family orchard; cozy 6-
room cottage; good barn; fine water.
$400 down — 1> acres good land, with new,
hard finished- cfrttai?* of 5 rooms' and bath;
large brooder-house. 2 Incubators, brooders: all
farming tools; near Petaluma: price $2000.
*5jjQ0 — Only 1 mile of Haywards: 87 acres
fine, land: 4 .acres bearing orchard: modern
house, 6 rooms and bath; finest barn In county,
alone cost $4000; fine view; this la the best buy
In the vicinity. •
LODI. • LODI:
The town that has the "SNAP" to it; the
section that has the most fertile soil In the
San Joariuln Valley; fine roads: water trans-
portation.
We are subdividing a choice tract In 10-aere
lots: only 2H miles from tow-ri; surrounded by
modern home* and fine orchards and vineyards;
gnil rich, black, sandy loam, 12 feet deep:
school on the tract: $75 per acre; this will not
last over 30 days: first come, first served.
$12C0 — 10 acres In vine and fruit belt, near
Iwll: sandy loam; 5-rOom house and barn.
Bend stamp for the largest and most diversi-
fied printed list on the coast.
.:-;•,: WHITE & BAYLEY,
Successors to
W. J. WHITE,
28 • Montgomery St., room 8.
Property Exchange a Specialty.
A NUMBER one 420-acre foothill general
farm. 0 miles, by an excellent county road,
from railroad town In Santa Clara County;
all good land; 100 acres practically level; 60
| acres of which Is highly cultivated (15 acres
resistant vineyard, some alfalfa, balance i
cropped to grain, etc.): fully 4000 cords of
wood, worth $0 a cord; living creek, many
springs, very good residence, Al barn, etc. ;
. everything conducive to prosperity; good
health and' happiness; price $10,000: cash or
■ reasonable terms, or will take part In ex-
change; might subdivide. Apply to G.
CONORADO, 319 Taylor st. city.
$5000 — SO ACRES of land, all under cultiva-
tion, with improvements, in orchard section
of Sutter County: only three miles from
county seat and on line of new irrigation
. ditch. /'-'.■'■:-■-[■ \Z
A snap If taken soon, but will not keep.
M. J. NEWKOM.
• 406 Second st.. Marysvllls. Cat
BALE or exchange for city property; sacrifice ;
1S3 acres, Napa Co.; 60 acres In cultivation;
fruit, vines and Brain: fully equipped an!
paying; beautiful place; gentleman's home.
. SHADBURNE. 405 Montgomery st.
' ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERSt
Send postal for catalogues of the best land
bargains In California. C. M. WOO3TBR CO.. '
848 Market St. . ' ;
HALF Block, Red Bluff, unlncumbered, cen-
tral location, for sale or exchange.. Box 28S4.
Call office. ■
FOR farms stock ranches, ' orchards and vine-
• yard <- lands, call or send for catalogues.
ROTHERMEL A CO., 607 California st.
CONTRA ' Costa County real estate for sale.
Bend for list . D. J. WEST. Martlnes. Cal.
-fl-Xt VAEIJrg SB AT. 7? ?•"* T 8 -
$300 TO $800 — Ten per . cent cash, ' balance $10
.monthly; fine large lots; graded streets; pure
mountain water; grand redwood trees;
charming views; right" at the station; they
are selling fast; 130 lots sold; send for Il-
lustrated booklet. LYON & HOAO, 116
Montgomery st. -
TaEAI. ESTATE TO EXCTHAHOa.
160 ACRES of good level land In Lake County.
' near Kelseyvtlle. -to exchange for Oakland,
i Berkeley: or 'Alameda property. P. C. LAS-
':> SEN, & CO., 1 466 Tenth St., Oakland. Cal.
rASMs : Airs baxckes to lease.
20 ACRES : house " 6 : rooms, furnished ; ■_' barn ;
■ stable; chickm houses; for a term of years;
i cheap. JOSEPH STRAUB, 630 Market. S. F,
SA*g MATEO -ftEAXtESTAT-g.
LOMITA PARK— On line of San Mateo electria
cars 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sts. ;
cutslde the fog belt and Just beyond where
the S. P. Co.'s bay shore "cut-off" will Join
the main line; 50- foot lots from $400 u*>.
terms from $10 to $50 down and balance at
'rate of $10 a month; sewer and water pipe*
in front of every lot: pure artesian well
water; over one-half lots sold since August
1; an exceptional opportunity to secure a let
in this desirable section; take the electric
cars and get off at "LOMITA PARK"" aad
Investigate; maps sent on application.
SELBY. RODGERS A- CO..
116 California St.: Tel. Main 673. -
ALAMEDA ADVEBT y S ? M ? T8
AiAMZDA EEAL ZSTA-JT,
LARGE lots. 155 feet deep; any frontage; $10
. per front foot; $50 cash and $10 per month.
Call at Railroad ave. and Fifth st. and see J.
H. YOUNG, owner, at new building.
BERKELEY ADVEKT'S'XTS
EEEKELEY REAL ESTATE. .
BARGAIN — New cottage, 5 rooms, bath, pan-
try, mantel, folding doors, concrete founda-
tion, high basement, city water: 2 blocks to
Key route station: lot 50x100: price $J-*.OO;
terms, $250 cash, balance $20 monthly. This
Is a crackerjack. Oren Sunday.
O. A. RUDOLPH.
Lorln Station, South Berkeley.
NEW 4-room cottage, bath, pantry, city water;
lot 30x100: price. $1600: terms. $200 cash,
balance, $18 monthly: 2 blocks to station,
stores, school and chucb. Open Sunday.
O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln Station. South Berkeley.
BARGAIN — 5- room cottage; 8-foot basement,
bath, rantry, city water, also well water;
fruit trees, stable and chicken bouse; price.
$1450; terms. $150 cash, balance $1« 50
monthly; less than rent. Open Sundays.
O. A. RUDOLPH,
Lorln Station, South Berkeley.
18- ROOM house; two blocks from Berkeley sta-
tion; nearly new and all modern; well
planned for boarding-house; In best location;
lot 50x137, fronting en one of Berkeley's fin-
est avenues; will rent In part or whole; or
sell at $7000.
D. L. JUXOCK. 2111 Shattuck. ave.
TWO vacant lots; 2 cottages and lots; also
large place for chicken ranch; all great bar-
- gains; no agents. Call at 2917 Shattuck ave.,
near Ashby. any afternoon. — <\ :■• -\ ;."- ; v, .-
WILSON'S Inn, 2144 University ave.— A flne.
modern house; central location. A. H. WIL-
SON. ! •
OAELAJSTD ADVERT'S'M'TS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OA-g-GAJTP BEATj ESTATE.
KREISS b. HORSWILL. REAL ESTATE.
RENTING AND INSURANCE.
LEN'L-A VISTA.
Another rare chance to get an elegant Queen
Anne modern house; located In the exclusive
neighborhood of Hamilton place, one of the
choicest and most select neighborhoods in
Linda Vista; house contains 7 large sunny
rooms; pretty reception halt, with grilled stair-
case; large parlor, which takes In the entire
front of bouse; large sunny dining-room, open-
ing off of hall: open fireplaces in both dining-
room and parlor; 2 china closets; large base-
ment, with Inside stairway; 2 large clothes
closets to each bedroom; modern open plumb-
ing; open lawn in front; back yard all In
flowers and rosebeds. making a complete, de-
sirable home. Less than 15 minutes' -walk
from 14th and Broadway, on narrow-gauge
train, and only 5 minutes' walk from new Key
route line when completed. Price only $3250;
easy terms. This is a great sacrifice, as the
owner must leave town 'before January 15, on
account of change In business.
- $4200 — Store and flat; new and modern; a
rare chance to get a good piece of business
property; located at terminus of Key route:
flat rented under lease for 2 years at $30 per
i month; store would bring $25 a month; open-
ing for any kind of business or investment.
KREISS A: HORSWILL, 1070 Broadway.
FOR SALE — $3350. New 1%-story house of 6
rooms, halls, laundry; 2 toilets and bath-
room. Every modern convenience. Fine large
lot with cement wall In front. Choice resi-
dence district; half block from 10th avenue
and 2 blocks from -rood school. Easy terms.
B. H. WELCH Sl CO.. Fifth avenue and
Eighteenth -rtreet. Oakland.
FOR SALE — On Lester avenue. Peralta
Heights, choice lot. south front; sidewalk
and street work comslete: two blocks to
new Key route car line. Only $25 cer front
' foot. Reduced from $30 for Immediate sale.
B. H. WELCH Sc CO.. Fifth avenue and
Eighteenth street. Oakland.
A SPLENDID opportunity: $5000 will buy a
well built cottage of 6 rooms and bath, open
plumbing: incubator-house with Incubators
and brooders for 3000 chicks; chicken-houses
and one acre of land; must sell at once;
owner leaving for Europe; $3000 cash, bal-
ance mortgage. Call at "906 East Twenty-
fi.'th st.. East Oakland.
FOR sale, cheap; short distance from Key
Route and Santa Fe depot, property of 4
lots. 50x100; cash; with good 8-room house
with high basement: windmill and tank, sta-
bles and chlcken-hQuses; or will exchange for.
ranch or alfalfa land. Call or address 890
Forty-fifth St., near Market, Oakland.
WE have clients looking for Investments in
Oakland property. If you have either bouses
or lots for sale call at our office or mall us
full description and price.
C. E. REED.
468 Eleventh st.. Oakland. ■",-, -r
BARGAIN ~
$2100 — Only, for house of 7 rooms, bath, etc,
lot 35x150; good location: all street work done.
See P. C. LASSEN & CO.. 466 10th St., Oak-
land. . . ...
$7000— HANDSOME new 8-room house; furn-
ace; Lakeside district, near business center;
must sell. LAYMANCE REAL ESTATE-
CO.. 460-462 Eighth at., Oakland.
A~~SNAP— Choice lot. 110x1257" SW. cor. 21st
and Myrtle sts. ; will be sold as a whole or
' In subdivisions; sold to settle an estate. 1453
Myrtle st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED ROOMS.
THREE furnished sunny rooms; separate en-
trance; bath and all conveniences; rent $10.
671 Twenty- fourth st.. Oakland. Cal.
OAXX-AHD FURNITURE POB SAI.E.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains in furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th st..cor.9tor*.Oakland
San Francisco AdvertisemTs
AT 305 Sutter st.. roome for housekeeping; also
single rooms; reasonable; strictly respectable.
BRYANT, 421 — Two sunny rooms nicely fur-
nished for housekeeping; gas.
BUSH, 1632— Sunny furnished hoasekeeplngr
rooms or single; reasonable.
CALIFORNIA, 1247 — Private part of flat of 2-3
rooms; gas range. ,
CAPP, 708 — 2 neatly fur. housekeeping rooms;
bath; gas; laundry; phone; sunny yard.
DIAMOND, 810 — 3 furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
EDDY, 1020 — Housekeeping rooms.
EXJjIS. 736 — Large room; grate; 2 cloeets; run-
ning water: also double Bar. fur. or unfur.
ESSEX. 11, between 1st and 3d. off Folsom—
3 unfurnished and 2 furnished housekeeping
rooms; $12 60 each.
' ELLIS. 874 — Two connecting rooms; piano;
telephone.
FELL, 112% — Housekeeping room to let.
FIRST, 319 — Double, single and housekeeplns
rooms.
' '■ ,
FULTON. 124 — Housekeeping rooms; nicely
furnished.
! FOURTH. • 491— Two f nrn&hed rooms fbr
i housekeeping (gas stove); no children.
FOURTH. 491—2 rooms furnished tor house-
keeping; gas stove; no: children.
FIFTH". 353 — 3 furnished housekeeping. $15;
also"-'. $10 50; one single ball, $5.
FELL. : 5)37 — Housekeeping rooms; 'sun all day;
■ other rooms ; gas range.
FELL, 222—2 housekeeping rooms; also single
' : r"oom.'
GEARY, 1225 — Fine front, sunny, bay-window
suite; all conveniences ; location, of the best;
1 marine view; terms reasonable.
JSO Oaa3 JTOB gOTJOT-EETEPTaTO — Coa.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 357—2 newly furnished
sur.i-y rooms; gas range; hot and cold water.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. £U— Nice rooms for
housekeeping; all conveniences.
HARRI3ON. 74S— $10 suite: single housekeep-
' Ing rooms .front, sunny, $6 to $10; gas. laua-
dry.
HOWARD. 7194 — Housekeeping. 3 large sun-
ny rooms, suitable for 3 or 4 adults; respect-
able; no transient.
HAIGHT. Hl'5— Within two blocks of Park
panhax.dle; three beautifully furnished rooms;
complete for housekeeping. Phone 3437 Paga.
HAIGHT. 232 — Beautiful unfurnished sunny
frcnt room; separate kitchen; coup'e or gen-
tlemen. TtL Fell 2372.
HOWARD. «13— Housekeeping and stn«le
rcon:s; yard; very reasonable; cheap.
HOWARD. 15SS— Housekeeping rooms with
gas range, b&th and phon?; u!s» single room.
HAYES. 332 — Two light . nice rooms complete
for housekeeping, with private bath; $17.
HOWARD. 82»— Housekeeping rooms.
HARRISON. 4C5 — Furnished and light housa-
keeplr.# rooms; new bouse; electric lights;
' hot and cold water; bath.
HOWARD. 7S7H. Manilla— Two fine front
suites; housekeeping rooms; very reasonable;
central.
KENIL WORTH, cor. Bush and Powell— Three.
rcom sunny apartments: steam heat; cen. loe.
KNICKERBOCKER 'Apartments. 1340 Plae—
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated.
electric lighted; free baths: rates reasonable-
MCALLISTER. 14 — Large, sunny, unfurnished
rooms, suitable light hskpg. ; reas.; elevator.
MCALLISTER. 1671 — Three sunny connecting
furnished rooms; all conveniences; bath;
adults.
MISSION. 1013. near Sixth— Front room for
couple; folding-bed. large closet: light house-
keeping; $3 week; quiet, respectable house.
OAK. 117 — Rooms, complete, housekeeping; $5
to $12; gas range; hot bath; adults.
OAK GROVE ave., 10. between 5th and 8th.
off Harriaon — 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms;
gas. bath: also large front room, suitable
for two.
PEARL, 3. corner Market — 3 furnished house-
keeping rooms; $1S; no candv-w.
SHOTWELL. 224. near Sixteenth— Four fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, parlcr floor.
TURK, S1U— Lower floor of three rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping; single room for
gentleman; private.
APABTaCEWTS TO TJET. ~ ?
GOLDEN WEST Apartments. 414 Golden Gate,
ave.; open ' about December 12; unfurnished
spartments; rooms to let.
BOOM3TO IiET — Purn. and XTnfurn.
ATKINS, cor. Third st and Park lane— Nrw>
brick building; all sunny rooms; hot and eolj
water; electric lights; only first-class house
In locality: rooms Jl 50 week and us.
A — BRUNSWICK House, 14a Sixth »t. — Rooms
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. |
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No, 1
Fifth at.)— Rooms. 23c. 50c. $1. $1 50 night!
$1 CO to $10 week; house open all night.
AURORA. 608 Folsom. cot. Second — Nicely
furnished sunny rooms; running water; elec-
tric lights; $1 CO ud week.
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store: 3 en-
trances. 1120 Market and 21 Turk — Electria
lights; running water in every room; 200
rooms; 23c to 50c per night: $1 23 to $3 weak.
BEAVER. 12 — Large room for 1 or 2 gen-
tlemen; gas and bath.
BRYANT, 51S — 4 unfurnished sonny clean
rooms; porch; yard; rent $9.
BUCHANAJ*. 1508— Nice front room far gen*
tlcman.
BUSH. 2S0aA. near D*-"1sa£ero— Nswly fur-
nished room; $0.
CARL, 136 — Sunny front room with grata an4
- running water: rent reasonable.
DORE. 20. near Ninth — A clean, light, roonxj
bath, gas, phone; $3 and $3 per -^"^nt.
DEVISADERO, 1301A — Large sunny front
room.
DEVISADERO. 1784— Furnished looms, $9 50
to $10 per month; bath.
EDDY, 804 — Nice single room: also house-
keeping rooms to let.
EIGHTH ave., 574—3-4 gunny rooms- saw
house; will Ox them up to salt tsnant.
EDDY. 88S — Elegantly furnished rooms to let;
running water, hot and cold; closets; plenty
of sun.
"THE LAUNSTON," 110 Eddy— Best transient
and regular rooming-house city; 50c, $L
ELLJ3, 1436 — Choice rooms, furnished, unfur-
nished, with or without board; private fam-
ily; every comfort obtainable; reference* ex-
changed ; very moderate rates; if not ranted,
this week these rooms) will be withdrawn
from' the market.
EDDY, 913 — Elegant unfurnished parlors;
other rooms, en suits or single; modern con-
veniences; reasonable.
EDDY. 210 — Sunny front parlors; rent reason-
able; two gentlemen.
FURNISHED parlor suite, near Panhandlei
baths, electrlo and gas light; telephone: pri-
vate family: references. Box 8000, CalL
FOLSOM. 1132. — To let. one large sunny front
room, suitable for two. in private family- $4
per month.
FELL, 937 — Elegantly furnished front room
for one or two gentlemen; rant $12.
GSARY. 1463 — Large, sunny, nicely famished
room in a private family.
GOLDEN GATE, 727 — Nice, sonny room; run-
ning water and closet.
•GOLDEN GATE ave... 439—1 furnished room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1C50— Sunny we!] fur-
nished room; private family; free phone.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 337— Newly furnished
suony suites, also single. $2 to $4 week.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms 33o
to $1 25 night; $1 B0 to $3 wk.; reading-room.
HAIGHT. 138— Basement; 2 rms. & kitchen;
sunny side: also large rms.; light hskps;.
HARRISON. 530— Nicely furnished large sonny;
front room: suitable for X
HOWARD, 713— Furnished rooms, single or
. dcuble; central location.
KEARNT, 419— Nenr management; strictly
1st class: $2 SO week up; fine transient house.
HAIGHT. SS2 — An elegantly furnished room
for one or two gentlemen.
HARRISON, 748— Suites. $2 50 week: single,
housekeeping rooms, $1 60. $3 60; sunny front
rooms; gas; laundry-
HAMPSHIRE, 850— Will furnish large and
sunny hall bedroom for steady roomer.
HARRISON. 2410. bet. 20th and 21st— Sunny
front room with bath; $8.
HYPE, 509 — Pleasant furnished roocas; central
location; reasonable.
KANSAS. 634, near Nineteenth — Sunny room
to let.
LH.Y ave.. 3C8"4, near Laguna-r-Neat. sunny
front room. gas. bath, for lady. $*■
LARKIN. 506— Pleasant furnished room; sun-
ny; suitable for lady.
LEAVENWORTH. 1317— On*) »arr» front room,
suitable for two gentlemen.
LEAVENWORTH. 814 — Tod floor; nicely fur-
nished sunny room: bath and phone; reas-
onable. •
MARKET 1049 (The Falmonth)— Bunny rooms;
$2 60 to $7 week; baths: elevator. .
MARKET 1104— Sunny furnished front rooms
to let.
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st. — 400
•ingle and family rooms 35c to $1 50 per day.
$2 to W per week; the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house tn San Francisco
that has office on ground floor, hot and cold
water, electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in every room and gives free baths and ele-
vator fervlce day and night to Its guests.
MONTGOMERY 109 — Furnished housekeeping
rooms; tel. Black 6713. ■
MISSION, 2763 — Furnished room for rent.
MINNA. 106 — Large room; 2 beds; $2.
1 _, Continued on Page 19,
910
BOO3CS TO SET — Pnrn. ma. .'Pninrn.
MARKET. 1151— Rooms, single or en suite;
niso ho-.iM?ke^p!ng. J-
NATCMA. »™*4. between Tenth acd Eleventh
— A nice front room to let^
OFAItKELL, C56— Front rooms to let.
PAGE. SO— Neat room; private family: $9.
PINE. jriTC. near Lerkln — Desirable, clean,
Bttca/ rtoirs; private; reasonable; central.
ROOM? FOR RENT.
Tr:«* Tacifie Coast Room Renting Agency has
cpor.ed ofncee at 2S3 Post st. If. you want a
rocra, h-ulte of rooms or flat call and see u«.
We can furnish you furnished or unfurnished
rooms and save you time, trouble and money.
Fu;; description, prices, etc.phone John 6CS1.
ROTAL HOrSE. 120 Ellla— Incandescent lights;
reading-room, emoting -room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms per night, 35o to $1 50; week, $3
to f£; month. IS to $30; elevator on ground
flocr; rooms with hct and cold water; baths.
SUTTER. 9"5 — Suitable for doctor"* or den-
tist's office; furnished front and back par-
lors; private family; references required.
ST7TTER. 095 — Furnished and housekeeping
roonw frcm $6 up.
THE ET. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STB.— POSITIVELY THH
6UVKIEST ROOMS IN THE CITT; NEW
PANITART HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS,
ELECTRC LIGHTS, TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE.- HOT AND COLD WATER; EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOURS; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
TURK. 1^3— Clean, sunny, furnished rooms,
viih or without board; $5 up.
TWENTY-I-OURTH. 3S61— Nicely furnished
doub> parlor. $2 50 week.
TEH Ail A. 42G — I unfurnished rooms with
large yard; $12 50.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 406
. i-ocr/ip 35c to tl night. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water la er«ry
room; elevator. rea.d--room: free bus; bag-gaga.
WINCHESTER Hotel. 44 Sd tt. nr. Market—
Mcrt convenient and respectable: 700 rooms;
:;5c to $1 50 nightly; $2 to JS week: elevator:
elec lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
WALLER. 1747— Bright, cheerful rooms, pri-
vate family; one block from Halght-st. en-
trance to Park.
WEESTER. 1.-.3S— Furnished room for young
rr.an : private family.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church.
A BRANCH otnee of The Call for the recep-
tion of advertisements and subscriptions has
been opened at IOCS Market et.. opposite
Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
HOOKS AHTJ BO/mZ).
HOTEL L'AIGLON. 501 Geary st. — Large
Funcy rooms, board; suites, with board for 2.
$50 mo.; single, with beard, $25 up; special
{airily rates; Just renovated.
CFARRELL. C21 (The Comora) — Well located:
large grounds ;«.best table and service; bil-
liard-room.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Best rooms, table and
service !n the city for the least money.
ELLIS, 4M— Fine furnished rooms In good lo-
cation; fine French table board; reasonable.
GUERRERO, 214 — S nice sunny front rooms, !
single or suites; phone, piano; board optional.
LARGE, beautiful, sunny double rooms, with
board; reas.; run. water. 306 Leavenworth.
MASON. 1527 — Private furnished rooms, with
cr without board; references.
NEWLY furnished rooms, all sunny; hot and
cold water; board if desired. 1155 Ogtavla.
ROOMS and board. 1456 Jackson et.
TURK. 111.9 — Pleasant rooms, new flat; table
board for gentlemen.
ROOMS AZTZ> BO4ED WAFTED.
STRANGER wishes room and board In private
family; give particulars. Box 2302. Call.
booses wAzrrrp.
WANTED — Three rooms near Kearny and
Market. Address box 2379. Call office.
tmiTEP STATES GO VE aWMIHTi
NOTICE of Restoration of Public Lands to
Settlement and Entry — Department of the
Interior, General Land Office, Washing-
ton. D. C, October 7, 1904: Notice Is here-
by given that, on September 20. 1904, tbe
Acting Secretary of the Interior restored to
settlement the cublic lands In the following
described areas, which were temporarily
that the said public lands mo restored to set-
tlement on September 20. 1904. will become
withdrawn for forest reserve purposes; and
eubject to entry, filing and Belection at the
respective United States Land Offices for
tbe several Land Districts in which the
lands lie, viz. : Visalia. Stockton. - Sacra-
mento, Marysville, Susanville and Redding,
California, on January 21. 1005: Township
twenty-eight (28) South. Range twenty-eight
<2S) East; Township twenty-eight (2S)
South, Range twenty-nine (29) East; Town- I
chip twenty-seven (27) South, Range twen- J
ty-ei£ht 128) East; Township twenty-seven j
<27) South, Range twenty-nine (29) East; I
Township twenty-six 12C) South, Range
twenty-nine • i?j) East; Township twen-
ty - eix <2€) South, Range thirty (30) !
. East: Township twenty-five <25) South.
Range twenty-nine (2a) East; Town-
ship twenty-five <25) South. Hange thirty
«30) East; Township twenty-four (24) South.
Hange twenty-nine <:») East; Townehip
twenty-four «24) South, Range thirty (30)
Eatt; Township twenty-three C3) South,
Ilecge twenty-nine (29) East: Township
twenty-two C2) South. Range twenty-
nine i29> East; Township twenty-one (21)
tc.u;h. Jiar-te twenty-nine (20) Kast; Town-
chip twenty (20) South. Range twenty-eight
<SS) East; Township twenty (20) South, Range
twenty-nine (29) East; Township nineteen
<19) South, Range twenty-eight (28) East;
Township nineteen (19) South. Range twen-
ty-nine (29) East; Township eighteen (IS)
South, Range twenty-eight (28) East; Town-
chip eighteen (IS) South. Range twen-
ty-cine (29) East; Township seventeen
<17) Bouth. Range twenty-eeven (27)
East; Townehip seventeen <17) South. Range
twenty-eight (28) East; Township seven-
teen (17) South. Range twenty-nine (28)
Kast; Township sixteen (16) south, Range
twenty-eix (26) East; Township sixteen (16)
South. Range twenty-seven (27) East; in
Township sixteen (1U) South. Range twenty-
eight (2t>) East. Sections Tour (4). flva (5).
■ix (6). seven (7). eight <S), . nine- (9), and
Sections fifteen (15) to thirty-six (36), both
inclusive; Townehip " fit teea (15) South,
R&nse twenty-six CO East; Township fif-
teen (15) South, Range twenty-eeven (27)
East; in Township fifteen (13) South, Range
twenty-eight (2S) East, Sections three (3)
to cine <u), both inclusive, sixteen <1C) to
twenty-one (21), both inclusive, and twenty-
eight (2S) to thirty-three (33), both Inclu-
sive; Township fourteen (11) South. Range
twenty-flve (25) .East; .Township 'fourteen
»li) Eouth. Range twenty-six (26) East;
Townehip fourteen (14) • South. Range
twenty-seven (27) East; Township thir-
teen (13) South. Range twenty - four
<24) East; Township thirteen (13) South
Range twenty-five (25) East; In Township
thirteen (12) South. Range twenty-six (26)
Kast. west half of Section four (4) Sections
five (5). six (C), seven (7), eight (5), NW >i
of Section nine (9), Sections seventeen (17)
eighteen (If), nineteen (18). twenty (20), and'
btctions twenty-five (25) to thirty-six (36)
both Inclusive; Township twelve (12) South!
Range twenty-four (24) East; in Township
twelve (12) South, Ranee twenty-flve (25j
East, Sections four (4). five (5). «i X (6). seven
(7). eight (8), nine (9), Sections eixteen (16)
to twenty-one (21), both Inclusive, all of
Sections twenty-two (22), twenty-three (23)
twenty-four (24). lying eouth of Kings River
snd Sections twenty-five (25) to thirty-six
(3€), both inclusive; Townehip eleven (11)
Eouth. Range twenty- three (23) East* Town
•hip eleven (11) South. Range twenty-four
««) East: in Township eleven (11) South.
Hange twenty-five (25) Eaet. Sections five
(5). six (C). seven (7), eight (8), nine (9)
feectlons sixteen (16) to twenty-one (21)
both inclusive, and Sections twenty-eirht
CSS) to thirty-three (33), both inclusive-
Township ten (10) South. Range twenty-two
<22) Kast; Township ten (1C) South, Ranee
twenty- three (23) Ks.st; Township ten (101
Eouth. Range twenty-four (24) East- Town-
ehip nine (a) South. Range twenty-two (22)
East; in Township nine (8) South, Ranse
twenty-three (23) East, that part of Section
eighteen (IS) lying south of the San Joaquln
River, Section nineteen, (10). that part of
Section twenty (20) lying- weet of the Ean
Joaquin lUver, that part of Section twenty-
nine (29) lying west of the San Joaquin
River. Sections thirty (30) and thlrty-oue
.431), that part of Section thirty-two (32)
lying south of the Ean Joaquin River, that
part of Section thirty-three (33) lying south
ot the San Joaquin River, Section thirty-four
<34) and S V» and NW »4 of Section thirty-
five: Towns-hip eight (S) South. Range twen-
ty (20) East; Township eight (t>) South.
Rasge twenty-one (21) East; ■ in Township
eight (8) South, Range twenty-two (22) East
Sections seven (7) to thirty- six (3C), botn
Inclusive, Township eeven (7) South. Range
twenty <2Q) East; In- Township ce\-en (7)
6uuth, Range twenty-one , (21) East. Sec-
tion* six 'tit to eleven (11). both inclusive,
Sections fourteen (14) to . twenty-three (23).
both fnclueive. end Sections twenty-six (26)
to thirty-six (3C). both Inclusive: Township
nix <C) South. Uange nineteen (19) East; Town,
rhip six (C) South, Range twenty (20)- East;
Township live (5) South, Range nineteen (19)
Eairf; Township fivc(S) Eouth, Ranee twen-
ty (2C) East; in Township ten (10) North.
Range eighteen (16) East. Sections one (1).
two (2), eleven (11), twelve (12). thirteen
(13). fourteen (14). twenty-three (23). twen-
ty-four (24). twenty-five (25), twenty-six
<2C) aad twenty-eeven (27) ; " Township nlne-
TTjflTEP STATES CtO JTEBgMXjXI'JP— Con.
teea <19) North, Range seven (7) Esust; Town-
ship twenty (20) North, Range seven (7) East;
In Township twenty (20) North, Range eight
(8) East, Sections one (1) to thirty-three
(33), both Inclusive; Township twenty-four
(24) North, Range two (2) East; Township
twenty-four . (24) North, Range three (3>
Hast; Township twenty-four (24) North.
Range four (4). East; in Township- twenty
<20) North, Range fifteen (15) East, Sections
two (2), four (4), five (5). six (6) and eight
(8); in Township twenty (20) North, Range
elxteen (10) East, Sections two (2), three (3),
eleven (11), thirteen (13) and fourteen (11);
6 % of Township twenty-one (21) North.
Range fifteen (16) East; Township twenty-
one (21) North, Range sixteen (16) East; in
Township twenty-two (22) North. Range
fourteen (14) East. Sections three (3) to ten
(10). both Inclusive, fifteen (15) to twenty-
two (22). both inclusive, and twenty-acven
(27) to thirty-four (34), both Inclusive; in
Township twenty-two (22) North, Range six-
teen (16) East. Sections one (1) to three (3).
both inclusive, nine (9) to sixteen (16). both
inclusive, twenty-one (21) to twenty-eight
<2S), both inclusive, and thirty-two (32) to
thirty-six (S6), both inclusive; Township
twenty-two (22) North. Range seventeen (17)
East; Township twenty-two (22) • North,
Range eighteen (18) East; In Township
twenty-tkree (23) North. Range fourteen
(14) East. Sections thirteen (13), twenty-four
<24), twenty-five (25) twenty-six (26). twen-
ty-seven (27). twenty-eight (28), thirty-two
(82), thirty-three (33). thirty-four (34),
thirty-five (35) and thirty-six (36); in Town-
chip twenty-three (23) North, Range fifteen
(15) East. Sections thirteen (13) to eighteen
(16). both* inclusive; In Township twenty-
three (23) North, Range sixteen (16) East,
Sections eleven (11). twelve (12). thirteen
(13) and fourteen (14); In Township twenty-
three (23) North, Range seventeen (17) East.
Sections one (1) to five (5), both inclusive,
and Sections seven (7) to thirty-six (36),
both inclusive; Township twenty-three (23)
North, Range eighteen (IS) East; in Town-
ship twenty-four (24) North, Range nine (9)
East, Sections ten (10), eleven (11). twelve
(12). thirteen (13), fourteen (14). fifteen |13),
sixteen (16), twenty-one (21), twenty-rtwo
<22), twenty- three (23) and twenty-four (24);
in Township twenty-four (24) North, Range
seventeen (17) East, Sections one (1) to four
<4), both inclusive, E % of Section five (5).
E >i of Section eight (8). Sections nine (9)
to sixteen (10), both inclusive, Sections twen-
ty-two (22) to twenty-seven (27), both inclu-
sive, and Sections thirty-three (33) to
thirty-six (36). both inclusive; Town-
ship twenty-four (24) North. Range
eighteen (IS) East: in Township twenty-
nve (25) North. Range sixteen (16) East.
Sections one (1). two (2), three (3), ten (10),
eleven (11). twelve (12), thirteen (13), four-
teen (14), twenty-three (23), twenty-four (24)
and twenty-five (25); Township twenty- five
(25) North, Range seventeen (17) East;
Tcwnship twenty-five (25) North, Range
eighteen (18) East; In lo^nehlp twenty-six
(26) North. Range ten (10) East, Sections
one (1), five (5). six (6), seven (7), eight (8),
nine (0), twelve' (12). N % of Section thir-
teen (13). Sections fourteen (14), sixteen
(16). seventeen (17). eighteen (IS), Sections
nineteen (19* to twenty-three (23), both in-
clusive. Sections twenty-six (26) to thirty
(30), both inclusive, and Section thirty-five
(35); Id Township twenty-six (26) North.
Range fifteen (15) East. Sections one (1),
two (2). three (3), N % of Section five (6),
N Vs. of Section six (6), and Sections eltven
(11) and twelve (12); in Township twenty-
seven (27) North, Range twelve (12) East,
Sections twenty-three (23) and twenty-four
(24); in Township twenty-seven (27) North,
. .Range fourteen (14) East. Sections eight (b),
nine (9). flfte«n (15). sixteen (16), twenty-
two (22)'. twenty-three (23), twenty-four
(24). twenty-five (25), twenty-six (26), thirty-
five (35) and thirty-six (36); Township twen-
ty-eight (28) North, Range nine (9) East;
in Township twenty-eight (28) North. Range
thirteen (13) East, Sections twenty-four (24)
and twenty-five (25); In Township thirty-
four (34) North. Range ten (10) West, Sec-
tions seven (7). eight (S), nine (9). sixteen
(16), seventeen (17), eighteen (IS), nine-
teen (19). twenty (20), twenty-one (21),
twenty-eight (28), twenty-nine (29), thirty
(30). thirty-one (31), thirty-two (32) and
thirty-three (33); In Township thirty-four
(34) North. Range seven (7) west. Sections
twenty-five (25). thirty-five (35) and thirty-
six (36); Township thirty-four (34) North.
Range six (6) West; Township thirty-four
(34) North. Range five (5) We6t; N % of
Township thirty-four (34) North. Range four
(4) West; Township thirty-five (35) North.
Range five (5) West; Township thirty-five
«35) North, Range four (4) West; Township
thirty-five (35) North, Range three (3) W»«t;
Township thirty-five (35) North, Range two
(2) West; W % of Township thirty-flve (S3)
North. Range one (1) West; S % of Township
thirty-six (36) North, Range four (4) West;
Township thirty-six (36) North, Range three (3)
West; Township thirty-six (30) North, Rang*
four (4) East; Township thirty-seven (37)
North, Range four (4) East; Township thirty-
nine (39) North, Range three (3) West;
Township thirty-nine ((39) North, Range two
(2) West; in Township forty (40). North,
Range eight (8) West, Sections two (2). three
(3) ten (10) and fifteen (15); in Township
forty-one (41) North. Range eight (S) Weet,
Sections one (1). two (2), three (S), ten (10),
eleven (11), twelve (12), thirteen (13), four-
' teen (14). fifteen (15), twenty-two (22), twen-
ty-three (23). twenty-four (24) twenty-five
<25), twenty-six (26), twenty-seven (27),
thirty- four (34) and thirty-five (35); In
Township forty-one (41) North, Ranger seven
«7) West. Sections two (2), three (a), four
(4). five (5), six (6). seven (7), eight ■ (8).
nine (9). ten (10), sixteen (16). seventeen (17),
eighteen (18). nineteen (19) and twenty (20);
all of Mount Diablo Meridian. California.
W. A. RICHARDS, Commissioner.
Approved: THOS. RYAN, Actinic Secretary
SEWTOQJ^CHICTSS. AJrjDJTOPPI^S.
IF you buy a. White for a Christmas grift you
make no mistake; you not only get the best
(if-wing machine on earth, but also a beauti-
ful and useful Christmas present. White
Co.'s office, Si5 Market 8t.
MAKE Christmas with a gtft of a White; best
sewing machine on earth; prices from 5 10 to
$100; pay only $3 per month if you wish.
Tbe new retail office of the White is at 9K
Market st. , .
ALL makes; 2d hand. $2, $5, $7, $9; new,S4, $3;
drop heads, 5 drawer, golden oak,$15; rented,
repaired; lowest rates. National Automatic
8. M. Co.. 145 Sixth et.; tel. Jessie 3796.
DOMESTIC — The machine- for family use; best
1* cher4>est; second-hand all makes at any
prioe; til kijj>» rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. 1*21 Market St.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3, *3. 93; slightly
used $10. $15, $20; you know where the dolls
swing in the window. 10S1 Market st.
ALL kinds' bought, sold and repairing guaran-
tced. CHAS. PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission gt.
GUARANTEED cure: send 60c; ttbfeTTorm:
mailed In olaln package; has cured thou-
tsands. It. ti. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. B.V.
I.EQAX yOTICEa.*
ALL outstanding bills against restaurant 73
McAllister st.. must be presented before
December 14, 1904, as I will sell out on that
date. GEORGE MEGICA.
BTOTTX«njrO AJTP STAMICTBING.
EXPANSION OF MELBOURNE SCHOOLS-^
Downtown. 521 Franklin, near McAllister, 8
to 12. Open-air school, 810 Diamond St.; tel.
Capp 5173; 1 to C p. m. Details at either.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
Birth, marriage and death' notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with tbe name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the ysame published.
Notices restricted simply to tne announcement
of the event are published once In this column
free of charxe. ■-.--.>■;
DIED.
Beaton. Stewart— 20. Kelleher, Catherine A.
Bruns, William G. — 42. Kelleher, DUen— 62.
Calice. Lena— 2. Kelly. Leslie— 8 mos.
Carman, Clara — 78. Lamb, Julia.
Coleman. Kelsey— 1. Mitchell. Mary— 42.
Cronin. Daniel — 7fl. Morgensen. George— 21.
Day. Laura Ivy — 2. Murray. Richard — 75
Dfnifon. Harry — 75. Randolph. Minerva — 79.
Fitzslmmons. Wm. — £6;Reneborne, .Roberta —
Flaherty. James — 72. j 1 month. '
Giusso. Lorenzo— 51. jRIdge, Thomas J.— 24.
Glenn. Marietta. Schrlck. Antonia— 44.
Kaufman. Sarah— 35. Wynne, Henry.
BEATON — In this city. . December 11, 1904,
Stewart, dearly beloved eon of John J.-> and
Jemima Keaton. and loving brother of Mrs.
A. R. Clary and Nell. Mabel . Aleck and
the* late Peter J. Beaton, a native of San
Francisco,, aged 20 years and 11 days.
ICTFr'i.-nds and acquaintance!! are respect-
fully ir.vlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), December 13 -at 1:30 p. m.. from
the residence of his parents 436 Bartlett
street, ■ between Twenty-fifth : and Twenty-
sixth. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery,
by electric funeral car from Thirtieth street
and San Jose avenue.
BRUNS— In this city. December 10, 1004,
William G. Bruns, dearly beloved son of Con-
rad and Elizabeth Bruns, and brother of
Mrs. Clara Rothwiler and George T. Bruns,
a native " of San Francisco, aged 42 years
acd 4 months.
8-7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to "attend the funeral Tuesday,
December 13, at 2 p. m. from the residence
of his parents. 1269 Eddy street. Interment
I. # O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowem.
CALICE — In this city, December 10, 1904* Lena
Calice, beloved daughter of Antoine and Anna
Calice, and sister of Gertrude Calice, .a na-
tive or San Francisco, aged 2 years 7 months
and 8 dai-y. TrXrH p '[WnfllffiMMJCiflil.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
December 13, at 1 o'clock p. m.,'rrom th*
residence of her parents, 420 : Broadway, ce-
tween Montgomery, and Kearny streets. In-
terment Italian Cemetery.
CARMAN — In this city. December 10, 1904 , at
her. residence.' 2421 ■ Clement street, between
Twenty-fifth and Twenty-sixth avenues.
THE -SAN^FRANCISCO ', CALK,- MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1904:
Clara Carman, beloved wife of the late Ja-
son A. Carman, mother of William O. and
Benjamin F. Carman and grandmother < of
Mrs. A. Elliott and .William J. Carman, a
native of Ohio, aged 78 years 3 months and
10 days. (Ohio papers please copy.) * •
K7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 3 o'clock p.m.' -at
the Crematory Chapel at Odd Fellows' Cem-
etery. ■■ .- • • •
COLEMAN— In thl» city. December 10, 1904,
at the residence of the parents. 83B Wood-
ward avenue . Kelsey L., beloved " son' of
D. H. and Nynah Coleman. a native ot San
. Francisco, aged 1 year and 8 months.
CRONIN — In this city, December 11. 1904.
Daniel Cronln. husband of the late Josephine
Cronin. and father of Margaret. Daniel and 1
Julius Cronln a native of Newcastle. West.
County Limerick Ireland, aged 76 years. A
member of the Veteran Firemen's Associa-
tion of San Francisco. . - '
ItyNotice • of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English. 29 Van
Ness avenue.
DAT — In this city. December 10, 1004. Laura
Iry. beloved daughter of Bedford E. and
Mabel T. Day, and ■ sister of Alice V. and
Beatrice L Day, a native of Ean Francisco,
aged 2 year* 11 months and 18- days, t,
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral ' to-day
(Monday), at 10:30 a. m.. from the home of
her parents, S10A Connecticut street, be-
tween Twentieth and Twenty-first. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by carriage.
DENISON— In Oakland. December . 11. 1904,
Harry, brother of Joseph Denlson of Eao-
ramento and the late Eli S. Denlson. a na-
tive oX New York aged 75 years.
FITZSIMMONS— In .this city, December 10.
1904, William H., dearly beloved son of Mary
and the Sate James Fltzslmmons, and brother
of John Fltzslmmons. Mrs. J. McKenna, Mrs.
Charles O'Malley, Mrs E. J. Ford and Mrs.
S. G. Pope, a native of San Francisco, aged
26 yeare 10 months and 5 days.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), December 13, at 9 a."rn., from
his late residence 1352 Pacific street, thence
to St. Brigid's Cnurch, ! where mass will be
eald for the repose of his soul. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by 11 a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
FLAHERTY— In this city. December 10. 1901,
I James, beloved husband of Margaret Flaher-
ty, and beloved father of W. T.. M. J.,
■Mary and Kate Flaherty and the late Mar-
garet and Agnes . Flaherty, a native of
County Sllgo. Ireland, aged 72 years. A
member of the Carpenters' Union No. 22.
(TT'The funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 8:30 a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 274 Chattanooga, street. I thence to St.
James Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for tbe repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 a, m. Interment private,
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GIUSSO— In this city. December 11. 1904, Lo-
renzo Giusso, beloved husband of the late
Benedetta Giusso, and father of May Giusso,
and brother of Peter Giusso of Sonora,' a na-
tive of Italy, aged 54 years.
GLENN — In Berkeley. December 11 1904. at
2545 Piedmont avenue. Marrietta Glenn be-
loved sjster of Wllber Glenn and Mrs. Vir-
ginia Robertson, a native of Pennsylvania.- ,
KAUFMAN — In Tacoma, Wash., December 9,
1904. Sarah, beloved wife of Herman Kauf-
man, and devoted mother of Dorothy. Dan-
hauscr and Elsie Kaufman, daughter of Mrs.
Bertha Klaber and sister of Herman Klaber,
a native of San Francisco, aged 35 years.
(New York and Philadelphia papers please
copy.)
(CTFriends and acqualntancees are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday,
December 13. Interment Salem Cemetery,
San Mateo County, via the 9 a. m. electric
funeral car, foot of Market street. Ferry de-
pot.
KELLEHER— In this city, December 11. 1904,
Catherine Agnes, beloved daughter of the late
Patrick and Ellen Kelleher, and niece of
Mrs. Edward Monahan and . Mrs. Patrick
Conneff. a native of San Joae. Cal. ■
C7The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday). At 8:30 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 104B West Mission street, thence to
Et. Joseph's Church, where a requiem .high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 a, m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
KELLEHER— In this «tty. December 9, 19Ok
Ellen Kelleher, a native of Ireland, ; aged
C2 years. . -
KELLY— In this city. December 10. 1004,
Leslie T.. dearly beloved son of James A.
and Mollle Kelly, a native of San Francisco,
aged 8 months and 1 day.
LAMB — In this city. December 11. 1904. Julia,
beloved sister of Catherine and Rose Lamb,
a native of Ireland.
CT" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English, 29 Van
Ness avenue.
MITCHELL— In Alameda. December 10 1904.
Mary Mitchell, beloved mother of Mamie
Mitchell, and daughter of Fred A. and The-
resa Urede, a native 'of Mount Eden, Cal.,
aged 42 years 2 months, and,^5, days.
,tr7*Frltnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Monday, December 12, at 1 p. m.. at her
parents' residence. Interment Mount - Edtn
Cemetery.
MORGENSEN — In this city, December 11,
1904, . George Edward. . beloved son of S. F.
and Caroline Morgensen. and brother of
Frank. Walter and Fred Morgensen Mra. C.
Knudsen, Mrs. W. C. Hodges and ' Mrs. H.
E. Heckman, a native of Eureka, Cal., aged
21 years.
MURRAY — In this city. December 8, • 1904,
•Richard Murray, a native of the parish of
Bohermeen. County Meath, Ireland, aged -75
years and 5 months. ■ .
ETThe funeral will take place to-day
(Monday), at 8:45 a. m., from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's. Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of his soul, at 9 a. m. Interment Na-
tional Cemetery, Presidio.
RANDOLPH — At the residence of her son,
Major B. II. Randolph, Presidio. Minerva
Wilcox, widow of the late Rev. T. L. Ran-
dolph, and mother of D. L. and Major B. H.
Randolph and Mrs. E. H. Simonson, aged
70 years and 19 days.
CCTFriends are invited to attend the funeral
servicpB Monday, December 12, at 2 p. m...
from the- chapel of Trinity Church, corner
Bush and Gough streets.
RENEBORNE— In San Rafael. December 12,
1904, Roberta, infant daughter of Robert H.
and Alice Hem borne, aged 1 month and 25
days.
RIDGE— In this eity. December 11. 1904,
Thomas J.. dearly beloved son of Margaret
and the lata Simon Ridge, and brother of
Samuel. Frances, May and Annie Ridge, a
native of San Francisco aged 24 years 6
months and 25 days.
(ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
SCHRICK — In this city. December 11, 1904,
at her residence. 208 Twenty- seventh street,
between Dolores and Church, Antonia dearly
beloved wife of August Schrick. and loving
mother of Frank, Joseph John, % William,
Henry, Rudolph. , Anton. Theresla Louisa,
Frederick and the late August Schrick Jr v
a native of Wurgaesen, Westphalen Ger-
many, aged 44 years 1 month and 14 days.
A member of th« Chrlstllohe Mutter Verein.
(Oregon papers please oopy.)
(£7Fiiend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 208 Twenty- seventh street, between
Church and Dolores, thence to St. Anthonys
Church. Army street, near Folsom, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. ,
WYNNE — Friends and acquaintances are re-
spectfully Invited to attend the anniversary
solemn requiem high mass to be celebrated
for the repose pf the soul of the late Henry
Wynne to-day (Monday), at St. Peter's
Church, commencing at 9 a. m.
"James McGinn. Henry Hansen.
; , t. james McGinn & co..
Formerly With McGinn Bros.
Funeral Directors .and Embalmen
214 Eddy st. Tel. Eafct 8&
KEATj ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
SATURDAY. DEC. 10
Patrick H. and Mary Murphy to Lulgt Dam
ozonlo, lot on W line of Buchanan street, 110
N of Union. N 27:6 by. W 137:6; $10.
Jacob Apple to Margaret E. Wickes. lot on
W line of Webster street, 37:6 S of Hayes S
60 by W 80: $10.
Peter Dean Company to Frances Kaplan, lot
on W line of Webster street, 85 N of McAllis
ter, N 52:6 by W 137:6; $10.
James B. Duggan to William Helblng,' lot
on S line of Paclflo avenue, 137:0 W of Web
eter street, W 30 by S 127:8%; $10i
George and Harriet L. (or Harriet M.) Herrl
rr.ann to William Herrmann. ■ undivided flve
elghtha of lot on SW corner of Green and Web
ster streets, W 206:3 by S 137:0; $10. .
Annie M. F. and Louise E. Boivin to Annie
Ring, lot on NW corner of Webster and Green
wich streets, N 120 by W 137:6; also lot on
W line of Eureka street, 204 N of Ocean road
W 130 by N 50, lot. 10, block. 21, Market-
Btreet Homestead: aj»o lots 2177 to 2179," gift
map 4, quitclaim deed; $10.. .. . .. . ,. v -;_•
Annie Ring - to -Ella M. and Elizabeth A.'
Ring, lot on SW corner of Webster., and Lorn*
bard streets. S 120 by W 87:6; sift.
Same to Ella. hi... Elizabeth A. and May T.
Rir.s, lot on . W line of Fillmore street. • 85 S
of Bay. S 25 ■ by W • 100; gift. - : •
Owen J. and Catherine B. ! McCabe to Pat
rick Kenny, lot on N line of Greenwich Btreet
06:7 E of Devisadero.E 27:6, N 120, SW 10,
SW . 120:3,' and all Interest in , Western Addi
tion block 472; $10.' •
Central Railroad Company, -United Railroads
of San Francisco and Union Trust Company
to Amos ■ W. ' Benedict, ■ E 5 Inches ■ of lot on
S line of Post street, 120 ■ W of Lyon. W
23:6%. S 70:10%. SE 24:0}i, N 75:7,* quitclaim
deed; $10.
Eleanor O.' and Frank B." Standleh to' Emma
H. Loudon, - lot on N ■ line ■ of • Waller street,
100:3 W of Masonic avenue, W 20 by N 137:0
$10 - * Mlii'WW''HHM | i<t|MIHWiirng|illril l | i iiwi it MlbjujI
William M. Loudon to same. , same;. gift. . •
City and County; of San Francisco to Jacob
Heyman Company. . lot on SW, line of Eloventh
street, 130 NW : of . Harrison, . NW 25 \ by • SW
97:7, SE to point. opposite ,. beginning, jNB 94;'
Mary A. or Mary B. Rob'son to Helen P. Rob
son, lot on NW line of Folsom 'street, 137:6 S
of Twelfth. S 87:6 by W 137:6; gift.
William A. and Catherine E. Burns to . Jose
D. Sores, lot on SE corner of Fifteenth, and
GUerrero streets, 8 86 by E 72: $10.
James W. and Anna B. Anderson to Adolph
Brady, lot on N line of Sixteenth street,'' 61 E
«f Guerrero, E 24 by N 100; 510.
Louisa R. 6r Louisa R. Barrollhet to Nicho
las Hansen, lot on SE corner of Fourteenth and
Sanchez streets, S B0 by E 125; $10.
_ Anthony McLean to Andrew J. and Annie I*.
Enemark, lot on S line of Twenty-third street,
111 E of Howard. E 30 by S 100; $10.
Elizabeth Hauser et al. to Henry Heppert,
lot on ; E line of York street, 192 S of Twenty
fourth, S 23 by E 100; $3225.
J. D. and Marcla Mendenhall to Edwin A.
Green, lot on E line of Fair Oak* street, 235
N of Twenty-fifth, N 25 by E 125; $10.
Annie Ring to Edward G. Ring, lot on W
line of Eureka street, 204 N of Ocean road. N
2o by W.130; also lots 2177 to 2179, gift map
Simon Wolf to Patrick and Mary Cronln.
lot on S. line of Elizabeth street, 151 B of
Douglass. E 26 by S 114; $10.
Jacob and Rebecca. Wolf to Hannah Scan
nell. lot on S line of Elizabeth street, 125 E of
I>ouglas3. E 26 by S 1T4; $10.
Martin Hanson to Robert C. RothJ. lot on E
line of Bellevue street, ltfl:8 N of Twenty-fifth,
N 50 by E 125; $10. ,
Emll and Cora Hirsch to Giuseppe and Do
menico Oneto, lot on SE, corner of Union and
Stockton streets. S 36:9 by E 67:6; $10.
Annie Tlllman to Tillman Estate Company,
all Interest In following: Lot on S line of
s »«fr street, 110 W of Dupont. W 27:6 by 8
18 1 :6; also lot on S line of Harlan place, 170
W of Duoont street (128 N of Sutter). W/ 23
by 8 61; also lot on 8 line' of Green street.
137:0 E of Taylor. 6 137:6 by E 137:6; also
lot on 8 line of Sutter -street, 255 E of Stock
ton, E 20 by B 120; also lot on E line of Bat
tery street, 39:9 N of Commercial, N 20 by E
60; also lot on SW corner of Broadway and
Larkln street. S 187:6 by W 137:6; also lot
on S line of Paclflc street, 200:3 W of Leaven
worth. S 137:6 by W 68:9; also lot on N line
of Commercial street, 60 E of Battery E 25
by N 59:9, consisting of 114,285 shares of cap
ital stock; $ .
Mary M. Hahnenfeld (Gleeson) to Richard
and Emilie Kummerlander lot on N line of
Broadway, 206:3 W of Leavenworth street, W
22:11 by N 137:6; $10.
William and Jennie Heiblng to James B.
Ducsan, lot on E line of Sixth street, 205 N
of Brannan. N 70 by E 165; $10.
Jacob Heyman Company to Chester E. and
Eva M. Hemenway, lot on E line of Vermont
street. 50 S of Twenty-fifth, S 25 by E 75; $10.
California -Title Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Frank W. and Ida Swanson, lot on
W line of Kansas street, 125 N of Twenty
fourth. N 25 by W 10Q; $100.
Same to Isaiah and Emma Leslie, Hot on E
line of Vermont street. 100 N of Twenty
fourth, N 25 by E 100; $10.
Same t8 Thomas Hewett, lot on N line of
Twenty-fourth street, 25 E of Vermont. E 25
by N 100; $10.
Marko P. and Stella Matkovich to Patrick
J. Kelly, lot on B line of Third avenue. 200 N
of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by E 120; $10.
Lecrand, Lewis and Cornelia Morse to Or
vill S. Wariner. lot on W '.line of Eleventh
avenue, 225 S of Clement street, B 50 by W
120: $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to E. J. and
Mayme Merrltt, lot on W line of Second ave
nue. 318:7 N of A street. N 25 by W 120; $10.
Anna D. Joost to Ludwig Wegener, lot on
S line of ■ Twenty-second avenue, 200 E of K
street. E 100 by 8 100 block 435, South San
Francisco Homestead; $10.
Estate Fannie P. Farnsworth (by Lotta, P.
Farnsworth. executrix) to H. Huepeden, lot
11, block C, Sunset Heights; $600.
Lotta P. Farnsworth to eame. same; $600.
Estate of Fannie P. Farnsworth (by Lotta
P. Farnsworth. exeutrlx) to Henrietta N.
Hobbe, lot SB. block D. Sunset Heights: $500.
Lotta P. Farnsworth to same, same; $500.
Julius C. Reis to John Swensen, lot 20.
block 4, Reis Tract; rrant
George and Kate Ryan to Maurice Flynn,
lot on E corner of Tbmasa and Peralta streets,
SE 65:9%; N fi6:0%. SW 66:8%, lot 1. block
2, Franconla: $10. .,
Dorothea Klomburg " (alias Klomberg> to
Lawrence Brekke lot 12, block A, Park Hill
Association No. 2; $10. '
Builders'. Contracts.
F. W. Buhman (owner) with John Flaherty
(contractor), architect Theo W. Lensen— All
work for alterations and additions to a two
story frame building on S line of Twentieth
street, 300 W of Guerrero, 25 by 114; $1560.
Julius Gollober (owner) with J. Glbbs (con
tractor), architect Phllipp Schwerdt—Plumb
ing, sewer work and gas fitting for a three-
Btory frame building on lot commencing 1 at
point. 215 E of Flllmore street, thence 27:6 E
along N line of Clay street, N 127 :8U. W 27:6.
S 127:8»i; $1224.
. Andrew G. Forsberg (owner) with L. G. Ber
gen (contractor). architect — All work
for a three-story frame building on N line of
Waller strtct, 131:3 W of Steiner, 25 by 137:6;
$ssoo.
Central Trust Company (owners) with J. W.
Smith (contractor); architect T. J. Welsh — All
work except plumbing and sewering for altera
tions . and additions to nine two-story frame
buildings on NE corner of Tenth and Folsom.
streets, E 185 by N 85: $1575. ■
Same owners with J. Looney (contractor),
same architect — Plumbing and eewering .for
same on same; $2139. -
i M. # M: Regensburger (owner) with Long &
Bishop (contractors), • architect Edgar A.
Mathews — All stairs, for four 2-story attlo and
basement bulldlnga on SE corner of Union and
Broderick streets. E 137:6 by S 137:6; $795.
Mathilde and T. Murray (owners) with Lud
wig B. G. Koenig (contractor), architect C. A.
Meussdorffer — All work except excavation,
shades, mantels and gas fixtures for a 2-story
and basement frame building on S line of Lom
bard street. 140:10% E of Polk. E 25 by S
137:6; $3S50.
Everything comes to those who wait
It's now the autumn leaves turn.
DHITED STATES BRANCH
STATJEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PHGENIX
ASSURANCE COMPANY, LIMITED,
OF LONDON.
ON tbe Slst day of December. A. D. 1903.
and' for the year ending on that day. as
made to the Insurance Commissioner "of the
State Of California, pursuant to the provisions
of Sections C10 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by tbe Com-
missioner. '
' ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $2,499,910 00
Cash In Company's Office .-. .. 173 44
Cash in Banks 306.S63 33
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ' 82,103 00
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 137,210 03
Due from other Companies for re-
insurance on losses already paid. 2,648 15
Total Assets ... .$2.973.911 98
INABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and ■ unpaid $66,451 00
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense • . 1B2.1S0 92
Iiosees resisted. Including expenses . 22,979 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $1,945,-
432 10; reinsurance 50 par cent. 972,718 04
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $1,CS7,-
246 10; reinsurance pro rata.... S5S.S3S IT
Reinsurance Premiums • 41,814 29
All other Liabilities 3,404 60
Total Liabilities $2,118,441 02
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $2,470,181 74
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and ' '■■
from all other sources ......... 81,806 85
Profit on sale of Ledger Assets. . . 16,817 45
Total Income ...$2.568.806 04
EXPENDITURKS. ~~ .'
Net amount paid for Fire' Losses
(Including $175,028 05. losses of "-
previous years) . . .$1,463,334 46
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 492,630 02
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers., clerks, etc. 166,378 81
Paid, for State,. National and Local
taxes .74,400 C2
All: other payments and expend!- .
tures ....I 372,71179
Total Expenditures $2,571,484 50
Fire. ~
I>cg3g8 Incurred during the year. ..$1.395.162
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. | Premiums.
Net? amount of Risks v - '
written during . the - T
year $306.8S1.4S7 $3,885,189 97
Net . amount of • Risks ■
expired during the
year.... 415,347.914 4.2(2.318 33
Nettamount In force ■ — ' '
December .31. 1903. ■ 312,841.443 3.632.678 20
A.--D. IRVING. United States Manager.
Subs cribed and sworn to '. before * me. this
26th day of January. 1904.
' GEO. O. RUGER. ' Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT. ■
200 PINE ST., -- -: San :Frantisco, Cal.
W. IRVING, General rtgsniv t /
R. GAlXEGds; Asst. iBenisirarAggnt.
ALBERT M; BENDER, City Agent.
- 317 California St.. Saa Francisco, CaL ■
PAPER FAVORS
BRUTE FORCE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Dec. 11.— "The Brutallta
rian" has Just made its 'appearance.
It calls Itself a "Journal for the Sage
and Strong," and its policy is embodied
in this rather surprising text: "We
have let brutality die out too much."
"The Brutalitarlan's" editor Is, in
fact, in favor of severity in almost
every form and corporal punishment
strikes him as one of the most salu
tary of these, especially flogging.
"If is from flogging," he says in his
introductory article, "that the English
man has developed that toughness of
fibre and splendid moral ■ standard
which is the wonder of an envious
world; and shall all this be cast aside
as if it were nothing, because a few
sickly, neurotic humanitarians are
averse to the infliction of physical
pain?"
The editor thinks that women ought
to be flogged as well as men, but he is
true to his creed in defending them for
wearing the plumage of birds in their
hats. He advocates war and quotes a
certain . British statesman, who de
scribed It as a "magnificent game." He
is also in favor of whipping in schools.
' "Caning," he says, "is to all Intents
and purposes a surgical operation, the
spectator feeling the same pleasure in
witnessing it that the medical student
feels while looking on in the clinic."
"The Brutalltarian" is made up of
four pages and is not much different
in appearance from the ordinary peri
odical. There Is nothing about it, in
fact, aside from its title and the re
markable nature of the text to indicate
that it is not intended to be taken with
all gravity.
S. R. Crockett, who .wrote, the
"Stickit Minister," has spent the sum
mer with his family in Switzerland.
He came back to London recently, how
ever, for the purpose of seeing his new
story, "The Loves of Miss Anne,"
through the press, * but now has re
turned home to Scotland.
Few British writers are busier Just
at present than Madame Albanesi, who
gave us "Susannah and One Elder,"
and whose new novel, "Capricious Car
oline," has Just been published. She
recently disposed of one serial story,
and. is now at work on another, which
has been commissioned by the London
weekly, the Queen," and the first install
ment of which will appear In January.
Madame Albanesi is also working on a
series of short stories and one of arti
cles on society, both of which have
been ordered in advance.
Unless Robert Hichens Is uncommon
ly hard to please he must be feeling
rather well satisfied with life Just at
present. He is enjoying a phenomenal
run of luck, which really began last
year, when his "Woman With the Fan"
made so big a hit. That romance Is
still selling, and reports from the Unit
ed States indicate that the adaptation
which HichenB made recently of the
French play, "Business is Business,"
has also proved a money-maker in the
hands of William H. Crane. George
Alexander is about to produce the piece
In this country, so Hichens will soon be
getting royalties on It from both sides
of the water. And, to make the thing
complete, Hichens' new novel, "The
Garden of Allah," is getting really en
thusiastic notices on all sides and prom
ises to be one of the best sellers of the
season.
That Is a fairly good showing for a
writer whose belief in his literary pow
ers was so shaky to start with that he
did not feel like trusting to his pen for
the proverbial bread, butter and occa
sional jam. When he left college Hich
ens believed, in spite of vague hanker
ings to write, that music was his forte,
and he set about studying it forthwith,
first in Bristol and then in London. But
all the time he kept on wanting to
write and before long surrendered to
the craving and began to vary the mo
notony of studying harmony, compos-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STATEMENT
OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
PELICAN ASSURANCE
COMPANY.
f\ f new york; in the state op new
" York, on the 31st day of December, A. D.
1803, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State . of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Coda,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Cdm-
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
In cash ...$200,000 00
ASSETS.
Cash S Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. $437,608 65
Cash In Banks 16,228 35
Interest due and accrued on all
Slocks and Loans 4,091 83
Premiums In due Course of CoMec-
tlon ••• 23,400 12
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 2 73
ToUIAssets $48.3,329 70
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid X 6 104 00
Losses in .t>rocess of Adjustment or '
■in Suspense ••-.-.....»....." 17,350 42
Losses resisted. Including expenses.. '600 00
Grocs Premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning on- year or less, $232,967 10;
reinsurance 50 per cent......;... 110 483 53
Grcss Premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than • one year, $07,-
311 65; reinsurance pro rata. 64 838 42
All other Liabilities 9 t ' 3 8« 25
Total Liabilities .$204,642 64
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Fire
Premiums $289,638 03
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks, Loans and from
"all other sources 12.744 54
Total Income $282,330 58
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including ?23,K)S 17, . losses of
previous years) .$140,527 31
Paid;r allowed for Commission or •
Brokerage ...:.... ..;...... 72,465 47
Paid' for Salaries, ■ Fees and other '
charges for officers, clerks, ■ etc. . 24.783 37
Paid for State, National and : Local.
Taxes .; 8.165 7*
All other payments and expenditures 10,034 01
Total Expenditures ....$262.37500
"Fire.' "
Losses incurred during the year;... $143, 704 W
Risks and Premiums. I Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
•written ' during the
year $34.024.C73 $403,809 07
Net amount of Risks
expired during the ■
year . I.......1... 29.752.213 339.653 49
Net . amount in force ...
December 31. 1803 -31,236.858 330,27s 65
A. D. . IRVING. President
LOUIS P. BAYARD, Secretary.
Subscribed and ■; sworn to before me this
27th Jay .of January. 1904.
GEO. O.RTJGER., Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.
200 -RINE STREET,
. SAN FRAJYCISCO; CAL.
W..IRYIRG,Gen«rar Agent.
R. GALLEG03, Assistant General Agent.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NAC10NAL COMPANY.
LIST OP PSEMXUM ITUMBES3. 1 TO
12.000. ABDBAW1T HI THE dTV
OP DIUXICO. ON DECXM-
BEB 10th. 1904.
No. Premium. No. Premium. No. Premium.
101... $2.50 110... $5.00 202... $-.50
62S... 2.50 846... 2.50 944... 5.00
1027... 2.50 1292... 7.60 14S0... «.5O
1594... 2.50 1768... 2.50 1S73... 5.00
210O... 2.50 2297... 2.50 252O... 2.60
2722... 2.50 29S5... 2.50 3037... «j>.0O
3190... 7.50 3367... 75.00 3552... 2.5O
3570... 2.50 3707... 2.50 3838... 2.50
4040... 25.00 4(M9... 7.50 4107... 2.50
4135... 2.50 4239... 2.30 4*13... O.CO
4368... 2.50 4415... 5.00 4492... 2.50
449«... 2.50 4700... 2.50 4801... 2.50
4920... 2.50 4957... 2.50 4907... 2.5O
5004... 7.50 5104... 2.50 5049... 2.60
5058... 2.50 5363... 2.50 5431... 2.50
5493... 2.50 5540... 2.50 5582... 2.50
5611... . 2.50 5903. 150.0O 6005... 2.50
.6C82... 2.50 6299... 5. CO 6361... 2.50
6594r..." 2.50 6661... 2.60 fiSOS... 5.00
,6S62... 2.50 6S90... 7.50 CS95... 2.50
fiOOl... 2.50 7026... 7.50 7125... 2.50
7563... 2.50 7S18... 2.5017829... 2.50
7835... . 5.00 7336... 2.50 8187... 2.50
8183... 2.50 8332... 2.50J 8379... 2.50
8439... 2.50 8540... 2.501 SC01... 2.50
S751... 2.50 8S7 1.12OO.OOJ 9057... 2.50
01C2... ,2.50 9219... 2.50 9260... 2.50
,9209... 7.60 9.T37... 7.50 9546... 2.50
9554... 7.50 9504... 5.00 0757... 2.50
9790. 3OO.OO| 9S19... 2.50|10272. . . 5.00
10276... 2.5O!1C546... 2.50110665... 2.50
10002... 2.50 10903... 7.5O|1C4MI... 2.50
10964... 25.00 10070... 2.50I110S2.. . 5.f0
11130... 2.50 111S6... 2.50 11531... 5.00
115U3... 2.50 11601... 7. SO 11733... 2.50
11819... 2.501 11913... 2.50J11922 .j_. 2.50
PREMIUM NUMBER 2814 WEEK OF DE-
CEMBER 3 WAS HELD AND CASHED BY
MRS. -L. D. WARD. NO. 836 SUTTER ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
TERMINAL PRIZES WILL BE GIVEN
COMMENCING WITH WEEK OF DECEM-
BR 17, 19C4 AS FOLLOWS:
120 TERMINALS ON FIRST CAPITAL
PRIZE AT $l.C0 $120.00
120 TERMINALS ON SECOND CAP-
ITAL PRIZE AT 11.00 120.00
1240.00
lngr lyrics and playing the" organ by
writing short stories and working inter
mittently on a blood-curdling romance
called "The Coastguard's Secret."
This romance pot published after a
while, and it is one of the hopes of
Robert Hichens' life that no" one will
ever resurrect it. In the meantime,
however, editors sent back his short
stories with unflattering promptitude.
Perhaps that putHhe young author's
back up. Anyhow, he made up his
mind definitely that he was going to
be a writer, and instead of devoting
any more time to music study enrolled
himself among the other aspirants in
a certain "school of Journalism" sit
uated in London. By Hichens' liter
ary acquaintances the belief is held
that he has succeeded in turning him
self into a successful author in spite
of the "school of. Journalism," rather
than because of it.
The thing was not . long in coming
about, however. The sale of the Coast
guard story, which he is now so anx
ious to forget, was his first stroke of
luck, and only a few months afterward
he published the novel that set every
one talking about him, "The Green
Carnation." Since then, he has turned
out novels at the rate of one a year.
He Is an odd mixture of society man
and Bohemian, and spends his time
about equally between London and the
Continent— having bachelor chambers
in Mayfair and a villa on Lake Como.
His years number forty. He stands
about 5 feet eight or ten, and training
with Sandow has given him a figure
of unusual erectness. He has dark
hair and eyes, a short, black mus
tache and a chin almost as firm as
Chamberlain's.
RAILWAY TRAVEL. '
I C^^RNjAU^TED|
I CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYsi
m LEAVES OA1L"V ATTS:3O /V.IVI K
« Wj-rMOirSE:wSA.MO SLEEPERS H3
Other Santa T» Tralaai
b ; 30 I' S." I For Stockton. Fresno, BakersflaM.
8:00 p! ntj Merced. HanTord and Vlsalla.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton.
8 :0O p. m. For Kansas City, Grand Caoyoa
and Chlcasro.
Ticket Of flees — 641 Market st. and Ferry Depot,
Ban Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak.
land, Cal.: also 27 South 1st. San Jose.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tib or on Ferry. Foot of Market Street.
BAIT FSAHCISCO TO SAW RAP AEX..
WEEK DATS— 7:30^ »:0u. 11:00 a. m.; 12:34.
3:30. 5:10, 6:80 9. m. Thurtdays— Extra Ulfl
at 11:30 p. m. ■
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:90 aad 11:30 9. ra.
SUNDAYS — S:CO. 9:30. 11:00 a. tcu; 1:30. 8:30.
8:00. 6:20. 11:30 p. ra.
SAW BAPAU1. TO SAIT FSASCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— <J:06. 7:35. 7:50. 9:20, 11:13
a. m.; 12:30. 3:40, 3:00, 6:20 p. m.
Saturdays— Extra trip at 2:03 and 6:39 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
4:05. B:05. «:23 p. m.
Leave I la Effect I ArrtTO
Ean Fran. I Oct. 2. 190*. | Ban Fran.
Week I Ean- I Destlna- | Sun- I Week
Days. I day. | tlon. | days. [ Days.
T:30a 8:00a 9:10a 8:40a
0:30 a Urnaelo. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:S0p 3:30 p 0:05 p 6:20 9
6:10 p 8:00 p 'dip
7:30 a 0:10 a 3:40*
8:00 a Novsto. 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:30 p 9:30 a Petaluma 8:CAp 6:20 p
0:10 p 3:30 p and 7:33 p
I 5:00 p Santa Rosa.
1 :30 a 10:40 a 10:20 a
8:00 a TOItoa. I:»p 6:20 p
8:30 pi 3:30 p
Windsor.
»:30a S:00a Healdstmnr. 19:40 a 10:20 a
Lytton,
8:80 p 3:30 p G«yservill». T:33 p 8:20 p
Ooverdale.
7:30 al 8:00 al Hopland 110:40 t'10:20 a
8:30 p| 3:20 p| and Uklah. ( 7:33 p| tt:2O p
I I Wllllts and I I
T:30a) 6:00 a| Sherwood. ( 7:33 pf 6:20 p
T:30a| 8:00 al 110:40 ailu:iO)a
3:30 p| 3:30 p| Gaerrerille. | 7:33 pf 6:»>p
7:3Oa| S:0Oa[ Sonoma. I 9:10 s,! S:40*
6:10 p| 5:COp| Glfn Kllen. f «:0Bp| 8:20 p
7:30a| 8:00 a I 110:40 ailO:20 a,
8:30 p| 3:30 p| SebastopoL I 7:33 p| 8:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae tot Saa
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Springs: at Lyttsa for
Lytton Springs: at Geyserville for Ska»s
Eprlnrs: at CloverdaU for the Geysers. Boon*-
vllle and Greenwood: at Hopland for Dandaa
fiprlnss. Highland Springs, K>-U«yvll!e Carl*,
bad Bprlcgs. Soda Bay. Lakeport. Bartlett
Bprings and Lake County Hot SprSnci: «■
Uklah for Vichy Eprlnin. Saratoea Sprtn»/
Blue Lakes. Laurel D«U Lake. Witter Sprlnc?
Upper take. Pomo. Potter Valley, John Day's
Riverside, Llerly's. BuckneU's. Sanhedrla
Heights. HuIlvlUe. Orr's Hot Springs. HaUwar
House. Comptche. Hopkins. Mrndoclno City
Fort Brags. Westport and U«al; at WlUlt* for
yort Braes. Hear»t and Sawyers: at Shervrocd
Icr - Cahto. Covelo. ■ Leytonrille. CUmmtnei*
Bell's Springs. Harris. Hubbard. FruitUnd.
Pyer, Garbervllle. Camp 3. Pepperwood. Scgtia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round -trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 6S0 Market street. Chronicle
bunding-.
JAS. h. FRAZIER. R. X. RYAN.
. Gen. Manar>r. Gea. Pass. At*.
tVlT, Ta-malpais Railway^
Lt. S*,a FTxaritea _^hjttj*._ *r- a Tnscii:*
~ 8:25 Al«fc§s!sSS8 1:ao^ *io:zol
9:50a 9:50a \B5*«5*J1Ix3J 2:55p 2:55p
i:45p I l:45p T§£S$&af 6:22i» **"*6:2'i P '
tatui*rt 4:35p ■' . NBir ■ gatnrdiri ll-i->,'
»Ti» GrsTity far alfMalpsiatsMiriTtaia
IISSL \ "OMakkxt ST^(North Shore Ra.lroedj
tiriCSS J aad Sausauto Ferry, Foot Market St.
AUCTION SALES
FOR SALE,
BY ORDER OF COURT AT PRIVATE SALS.
STABLE BUSINESS IN SAN FRANCISCO.
Green Valley Stable, 833 Mission St.
Property of Estate of James Hurst, deceased.
Including good will, horses. carrUses, harness.
•tc About five years' lea-*- en favorable
terms. One of the larsrest and b#st piyins
properties In the stable business In San Fran-
cisco. Must be sold at once to close estate.
Bids must be in wrltlns and may he mailed
to or left with the undersigned attorney for
estate. Elds will be opened I><?. 23, 1004.
Property now subject to Inspection on prrm-
Ises. For further particulars writ** to th«
nnderslsned. J. J- DWYER,
Attorney for Administratrix of Estate of
James Hurst, deceased. Mills Bulletin?, Saa
Francisco-
£s» £»
AUCTION SALE
On WEDNESDAY, Dscembsr 14, at fl a.m.
ARCADE HORSS MARKET. 327 SIXTH st.
By order of the Overland Freight and Trans-
fer Company I will sell » lot of condemns!
horses and rcaies; all jrood workers and weigh
from 130O to 1«JOO pcimAs: a'.so 12 mules, young
and nound; also 7 first-class saddle and drtv-
\ng horses from one nt the largest ridiny
academies in the city: horses can he seen at
our stables any time before sale day.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
£* fc> £*
By order of A. STLVEY of Los Gates Dairy
I will sell his entire stock of 29 horses, 50 set*
Harness. Wagons. BucJfles, Carts. TUESDAY,
Dec. 13 11 a. m.. at 1H0 FOLSOM ST. WJt
CLOrfiH. Auctioneer.
RAILWAT TRAVEL.
S^fft***^ Trtlsi Ikiti sad ar» <Snm
/S^ct^^N. to s»rrl ▼• at
/Jp|=|^2|8AN FRANCISCO.
\ V> — ?j? JflJ fXOX OCTOBXB ta. 130*.
Vji^*S^^^/ Fzbxt Vicrvt
ijy*^ (Toot of Market Street.)
»a»i - MAIN LINE. -a»»it»
7 COa Vucnvuie. Winter*. Humsey 7&Q»
7.00a Benlcla, Klmlrtand Sacramento.. 7.2'Ji»
7.30a Tallejo. Hspa, Calts'.orw SaaU
Koaa. Martinez. Saa liataon..... 8-29*
7 30a Ntles. Tracy. Lathrop, stoc-tron .... 7.20*
8 00a Shasta express — (Yl» D»t!« ).
Wtilfcimi. Willows, tFrnto. Red
Bill. Portlsnd, Tacoma, Seattle 7.50*
6 00a Darla. Woodland. SniK'JU Landing,
MarytTllle. Orovllle 7.50s»
8.50a Martinez. Antloca. Syroa, Tracy.
Stockton, Kewmaq, Los Banos,
Mendota, Annon*. Hsuford,
VIsaIU. Porterrnie 4.20*
S-30A Port Cotta, Modesto. Merced.
Fresno. Uoahcn Ju action, Hao-
ford. Vlialia, BaXsrsSeld 4.50»
8 30 A Kiles, San Jove. Llvermore. Stoek-
ton, (tMIltoo). l<>ae, Sacramento.
_ „ Marysrllle. Chlco. Red Blafl .... 4 W»
0-30 a Oakdals. Chinese. Jamestown. So
son, Tnolumoe and Angel* 4-Z0»
8 COa Atlantic Express-- OoMen and East. 5.20*
9.30a Richmond, Martinez aad 'Way m __
Stations 850»
' 10.00a The Overland Lrmliesl— «»irden.
Omaha, Chicago, DenYer.Kaasas
io^ays^o!^ 0 .!!":::::.:::::::::::- .BS
10.00a Lo* Angles Passenger — Port
Costa. Martinet, Byron. Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Karmoud. Fresno. Coshen Juno-
lion, Hanford, Lemoore. VUaita. __
BakervQeld. Los Angeles Z-??*
12.00m Havward, Nlles and Way Stations. 3.20»
tt.GOP Sacramento Ktver Steamer* fil.OJ*
5 -30P Benlcla, Winter*. Cmervnento.
Woodland, Knl*ht« landing.
Marysvllle, Orovllle and way
stations 1050*
JT30P lUyward.Nllei and Way Stations.. /.50»
5 30 P fort Costa, Martinez, JJy roo, Tracy.
Lathrop, Stocklon, Modeito,
Merced, Bereirta, Fre*!io and
Way Stations beyoud Tori. C-.»t» 12-20*
4 OOP Martinet. San Uamen. VMleJo.Nup*,
Callittoga, SantuRosa 9 20*
4 COp Nlles, Tracy. Stockton 10.20a
4 -30P Hayward. Silei, lrvlngton. Baal t8.5OA
Joae. Ltvermore > J11.5CU
6-GOPTne Owl Limited— Newman. Lo*
Uanos. Menduta. Fresnu, Tulara,
Bakersfleld. Los Angeles. m 8-50*
to 30p Hay ward. Mies and baa Joss .-.. 7.23*
8J)0p Usy ward. Nile* and Saa Jose. 9 aCU
SXOp Eastern Express — Omaha. Chicago.
IHnver. Kansas City. 8t. Laufa,
Martinez. Stockton. Sacramcutot
Colfax. lteno, Spnrlt.i. M ulrilo.
... OKden :2-50»
•.OOP Vallejo, dally, except Sunday.... I 7 «n»
7-OOp-ValIeJo, Sunday only .....f '• 50 *
7 OOP lilchinoail. aan Publo.J'on Costa.
Martinez and Way Stations « 11.20a
7.00p Reno PasneBger — port Costa. Be-
nlcla, Sultan. El&nlra, Dtxoa.
Davis. Sacramento, sparks. Tono>
pah. Kee'er and Way Stallone... 7.52a
8-Oop Oregon * California Express— Sae-
ramento, Marjr»v!!!e, Iteitdlne.
Portland, Fuget Sound aad Ea*c. 8.50*
0.1OP Bsyward, Nile* and Saa Juie (Soa-
dayonly) 11-50%
COAST LI N E <*arri..r (.«»•»).
(Voot af Market Street.)
8 15a Newark. Centervtlle. S«a Joio.
Felton. Boulder Ureek. Santa
Cms and Way Stations 5 53»
12.15P Newark. Centenrtlle, Saa Jote,
New Almaden. Los Gato*.Feitoa,
Eonldur Creek, Santa Crux aad
Principal Way Stations tlO"»5*
4-IEp Newark-. Saa Joae. Los Gatoa.. . J : ]§||*
«9-30p Banters' Train (Saturday *nly) —
Ban Jose and Way Station* t7.25»
COAST LINE <ltro» < ; (ianze).
tV < I'ainl ami Ttmnseml Streets.)
8.10a San Joteand Way Station* Ooi
7. 00a San Joae and Way Station* 5 40»
• COa New Almaden (Tne*.. Frid.. only). 4.1Q»
t.OOATha Coaster— San Jose, Salinas.
Baa Ardo, Paso Roblea. Santa
Margarita, 8an Lul* Oblspo,
Guadahipe, Gavlota, Santa Bar*
bara, San Bnenarentnra, Mon-
talvo, Oxnard. Burbank, Los
Angeles. 10 TO*
8.00a Gl!roy, Holllster. Cattrovillc. Del
Monte, Pactnc Grove. Surf, Lota-
poo ... 10-30*i '
8.00a Ban Jose. Tre* Plnoa.WarsonviMe.
Capitola, Sauta Cruz, Psclfl* .
Orove. Salinas. San Lai* ObUpo
„ „ «ad Prlnclpat Way Station*. ... 4.10*
1030a San Jose and Way Station* 120»
11 10a San Jose and Way Station* 7. SO"
2-16PSan Joaeand Way Stat4on* 8 3 a*
t CUP Del Monte Kxpre«»— Santa Clara.
San Joae. Wataoavtlie. Santa
Crax. Del Monte. Monterey. - -
Pacific Grove..... 12.11st
tJ-OOp Lo* Gatoa, Wright, Boulder Creek.
Santa Cruz, Tta Santa Clara and
Harrow Gauge ..: fin 45*
I-SOp Valencia St. Souti San Fram-tsco,
BurltliRame. s«n Joae, Gtlroy,
Holllster. Tre« Plnos 111.43a
4 30 " fn.a Jone and Way Station* ta DO*
tS-COP Santa Clara. S»n Joae. Loa Gatoa.
• ml principal Way Station* (ex-
._,„ cent Sunday) t903A
15 30p SaDJoieandPrtnctpnlAVayStatfoas (9.40*
6 <5p Sunset Express.— Uedwood. Saa
Jose.Gtlroy.Sallnai>.PaaoKoble».
San Lots Oblcpo. Saata Barbtra,
Loa Angetc*. Demlnc Kl P*.«o.
et.Louln. New Orleans. NewTork 9 1 n»
B.4SP Ftjaro. VTatsoavllle. Capitol a.
ennta Cruz. CastrovlUe. Del
Monte. Pacific Grove 10 3Q»
1S15p fcsbllateo.Beretfora.Belinoni.Saa
Csrlos. Kednoot!. Fair Oalu,
MenloPark. Polo Alto t8.48a
6 33p S*n Jo*e and Way Stations. 8 33a
8 C'Op Palo Alto and Way Station*...... in it.
11 .3Up South SanFraocisco. M llltirae. Bar
"ngame. San Mnteo. 3elmont,
Saa Carlo*. Uedwood, Fair Oaka.
Menlo Park, aad Palo Alto. *aj«.
ciiSOPUaT&cld. Mountain View. Sunnj* n ** a "
. vsle, Lawrence, Santa Clara and
g>nj0M ta-a.
AtorMornin^r; P for Afternoon. "
Uvnda* ezeepted. • ISandayonlr
taSsa^rsuu .. suiotr » <"»-
jffippgp^ To SAN RAFAEL
iMlMlP R0SS valley -
CAZADERO, Etc.
SUBURBAN* SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE. '■
7.45. &.2o, 'j-.lo, U:5O, ll:uo «v m. - l^-uu. 1--L5 -
ii : -35 5:15 - 5:5 °- e:30^ TWiSVitS ;
11:35 p. m. J
Arrive at San Francisco, dally at ta-40 -
tpally except Sunday
For Fatrfajc. dally. »t 7:45 a. ra.: also Sat-
nrdays at 3:15 p. ra.. and dally exceptaatux-
day and Sunday at 5:15 p. m.
THROUGH TRADIS.
£?* **• *****— Cazadero and way station*.
•tt m " ■ Satun: * ys only— For Cazadero^
da B y; 15 fo?T?^ s ! y « t * SWI>t SatUrtar "* SUa '
TTCKCT OFFICE— «5O Market st.
. i^a-TtRT — TJn<nT» D«t>ot. foot f»r Market »t
filplL
16 Pages. $1 perYeapTHRONGS AT THE TRAINING QUARTERS OF BRITT AND NELSON
NELSON EXPECTS TO WIN
INSIDE OF TWELVE ROUNDS
Fighter From Copenhagen Sends, Message to Chlcaao
Mixes It Fiercely in
His Training at
Larkspur.
Battling Nelson, or, as he was chris
tened, Oscar Battling Matthew Nelson,
la far away Copenhagen, where he was
bom in 1?S2, has sent word to his
friends in Chicago that he expects to
defeat Jimmy Britt in twelve rounds.
■He says he predicted the defeat of
Young' Corbett and was never so sure
of anything: in his life as that he will
defeat Britt.
Nelfun is one ef a family of ten chil
dren and came to this country with
his oarents when he was ten months
old. They lived for a time in Chicago
and then moved to Hegewisch, a sub
urb of the Windy City, where large
machine shopi are located. Two of
the brothers are machinists. Battling
was a. machinist's helper at one time,
lie was nearly killed by a fragment
of iron from a broken machine. He lay
unconscious in a hospital for two days.
When he came out he had a distinct
aversion to the calling of a machin
ists helper.
When urged not to take up pugilism
he had an unanswerable argument for
his critics: "If I run such'risks in the
shops, how can fighting be more dan
jrerous?" \ r I :-""
Battling enlisted in the volunteers in
l^S from Huron, S. D., but the ser
vices of the little company were not
required and It disbanded without its
members seeing any warfare. Nelson's
fiist ring battles were preliminary af
fairs about Chicago, where the 130
j.-under took on men of any weight,
f ■ivietimcs giving away thirty pounds
it more.
Th- betting men are already figuring
on the Britt-Xelson fight. It is the
consensus of opinion that the Britt-
Gacs affair and the Nelson. Corbett
tisht must be left out of the calcula
tions. From Gens' own statements he
did not show his true form, whatever
it might have been. Young. Corbett
v.as not in form, although he made
both himself and his friends believe he
v.as on the eve of the battle.
Nelson is such a plodding fighter that
h*> docs not show the class' that Britt
and others show. If he can win from
Britt it will demonstrate how decep
tive appearances are. as the Califor
r.ian has all the dash and brilliancy of
the most finished boxer.
The usual Sunday delegation of
sporting men crowded Smiling Metz
r.or's tavern at Larkspur yesterday to
watch Nt-teon work for his battle with
Britt. Those who journeyed across the
pond were griven a rare treat, as Bat
w*nt twelve hot rounds in all with
Eddie Santry, Stockings Kelly and a
youns amateur from Milwaukee. The
J.'.ut«= were of the furious kind and
mnch blood was shed. The Dane seems
to train steadily in speed and appears
in fine condition. An hour's regular
pymnafium work preceded the boxing.
Hat did not go on the road in the morn
ing- on account of the muddy condition
«f the roads. He tipped the beam dur
irc- fh» afternoon three pounds over
xrelght. He could readily dispose of
several pounds more if necessary.
CROWD SEES BRITT TRAIX.
Plumber Boy Does a Hard Day's
Work at the Beach.
All sorts and conditions of men and
women vied with one another in a
feverish desire to gain access to
Jimmy Britt's training boudoir yes
terday afternoon at the beach. Only
a favored few, however, were admitted
within the sacred precincts of the
gymnasium and the rest had to be
Fatisfied with a glimpse of the plum
ber boy as he dipped in the waters of
the blue ocean after his day's work
v.as done. *":
James put In an .extra hard day.
Perhaps it was the admiring throng
v.hich spurred him on or It may have
been a sense of duty with him, but
at any rate he punched and tussled
and pranced around that gymnasium
In such a lively manner that the spec
tators frequently applauded his efforts
with rounds of hearty applause. .Ti. >
"Spider** Kelly was there with his
hapijy raiment and he seemed to.ap
prove of every move Jimmy made. He
"went through his usual stunts, besides
dcir.g a lot of shadow boxing and toss
ins the medicine ball with "Tly" Krel-
Jng:. Jimmy looks just about ready
now, although he says some more
training won't do him any harp.
- Frank Rafael had to go same when
he donned the big mitts. It was rush
and breakaway as best you could in
each of the four rounds. Britt took
nearly as many wallops as he landed
and the more he was hit the harder
he went. Without hesitating at all
he did some dumbbell work and
rhadow boxing and then engaged Krel
ir.g in that usual tedious period of
roughing and wrestling.
.Britt will work faster and harder
from now on till the day before the
light. He will try out ambitious
youths when he feels so inclined and
Jf nothing serious happens should ap
pear at his best on the 20th Inst.
Soldiers Make Good Score*.
The members of Company G. First
Regiment, National Guard, held a
target shoot^at the Presidio range yes
terday and some good scores were
rolled up. Following fs the result of
the contest at 200 and ?00 yards:
Captain W. L. Wall, 43, 40; Lieutenant
Talbot. 42. 40: Sergeant Trlrgy. 42. 4o: Ser
ceant Kyeh. 38, 34; Corporal Weir. 39, S7; W.
O. Beyer, 36. 33; M. F. Barrett, 30, 24: H.
noochtn. SB. S3; E. DoJge. 34, CO; B. C. Hoff
man. 44, 42; M. J. Lyons, 40, 38; W. McDer
tr.ot. 2T. 2rt; W. Kllppet.-ao. 19; R. McDer
mot 20. lb; J. Whaian. 24. 16; L. Orlefrr
etein. 12. 7: T. Ever*on, 24. 13; <S. Alpers. 2f>,
*■; J. McDonald, 15. 7; 3. McCarthy. 29. 20; E.
Connelly. 19. 8: E. Canra. 27. 23; P. Etevene.
15. 13; J. McGowaa. 12. 12; E. Meauy. 28. 17.
Card and Loose Leaf . Systems.
$2.^0 buys a card lnd?x drawer, 500
record cards, alphabetical index and
ruid> cards. Shaw- Walker. P.Ifnsr sys
tems. Joose-Jeaf ledgers, price bosks and
complete office outfits, including printing
and bookbinding. Stationery Department
Eanborn. Vail &,Co.. 741 Market street. .•
THE WONDERFUL CHICAGO FIGHTER WHO HAS VICTORIES OVER CANOLE. f
JIKRHKHA. HANLON, YOUNG CORBETT AND OTHERS TO HIS CREDIT
AND WHO EXPRESSES CONFIDENCE IN HIS ABILITY TO DEFEAT BRITT
STAKE IS WON
BY BELLE FREE
Captures the Class Event
at Union Coursing* Park
. From Hocker Ann in Final
The coursing: at Union Park yester
day furnished some excellent sport for
the largest crowd seen there since the
running of the John Grace cup. Belle
Free captured the champion stake in
clever style. She was running in splen
did form and won her trials in short
and decisive style," making some espe
cially sensational kills. The deciding
course was the longest »he had during
the day, defeating Rocker Arm by a
score of 13-2.
May Tunison won the final of the re
serve event by default. Rich Array was
withdrawn because of a severe trial in
the fifth round. The talent laid against
her in three of her trials, only to lose.
The Eastern dogs, Lancashire Lad
and Cranberry Sauce, showed up in
good Ehape, borh going well up to the
final.
The talent broke about even. Short
ends cashed often enough to take the
winnings of the talent on previous
courses. The second nound of the re
serve "event was a bad one for two fa
vorites. Rich Array beat Peerless
Beauty at 4 . to 1 and Tamora beat
Mickey Free, at 5 to 1.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge P. J. Reilly's officials scores:
Reserve stake: First round — Medea beat
Ready Address. 10-7; Miss Lucille beat Belfast,
4-3: Texes Mamie beat Jerry Wright, 10-1:
Little Mercy beat Texan Black L!ps,- 15-11;
Peerless LSeauty beat AcoJue, 8-2; Rich Array
beat Duncan, 12-3; Mickey Free a bye; Ta
mora beat Story's Sister. 15-6; May Tunlscn
beat Pherman. »-4: Belle Marie beat Texas
Jill. C-0: Jfgamaroo beat The Raider, 4-1;
Quicksand beat General Deu-ct. C-l; Racing
Aut» beat Annie Ryne, 12-4; Stingaree beat
Texas Hoo Hoo. 7-2; Belle Lloyd beat Grace
ful Carmen, 11-8; Lancashire Lad beat Bob R,
»-S: Presto -beat A£gk< v>, 9-5; Cranberry
Sauce t«at Mellenry. 1C-1; Forest Fjro beat
Rusty Anchor, 8-5; ilnggfy beat Runaway Act
ress, 0-0.
■ Second round — M«*doa boat Mio? Lucille, 8-3;
Little Mercy beat Texas Mamie, 5-0; Rich Ar
ray beat Peerless Keauty. 3-1; Tamora beat
Mickey Free. 4-2; May Tunicon beat Belle Ma
rie, 13-5; Quickrand beat Jlcamuroo, 12-S;
Racing Av'.n beat Rtingaree. Jl-5: Lancashire
Lad beat Belie Lloyd, 1-1; Cranberry' Sauce
beat Presto, 10-5; Mufresy beat Forest Fire,
13-8. - . .
Third round— LSU1- Mercy beat Med»«. f>-5;
Rich Array beat Tamcra. 14-5: May Tunison
beat -Quicksand, 10-0; Cranberry .Sauce beat
Mugjrey. 14-2.
Fourth round— Rich Array beat Little Mercy.
11-4; MayTur.ison beat Larcashlre Lad, 6-2;
Cranberry Eauee a bye.
Fifth round — Rich Array *beat Cranberry
Sauce 10-4: May Tunison a .bye. \
J. Dennis' May Tunison (Little Jack-Our
Mary) won by default from \V. Greichen'a
Rich Array (For Freedom-Flyaway).
Clara stake: First round— -^IcVey beat Rene
gade Apache, 7-3; Barge a bye, Tillie R.with
drawn- Belle Free beat Quita. 3-0; Friendless
Boy" beat Lost Chord. 10-7: -Lacy Clalr beat
Carlow Boy, 7-5; Rocker Arm beat J E.H.
3-2.
Second round — McVey beat Barge. 8-4: Belle
Free beat The Referee. 4-0; Charter .Member
a bye Fricndles Boy withdrawn; Rocker Arm
beat Lucy Clalr, 3-2. • - -
Third round— Belle Free beat McVVy, 4-0;
Rocker Arm beat Charter Member. 5-4.
Deciding eouree — W. T. Rausht'B Belle Free
(Fetter Free-Daisy Belle)) beat J. Sweeny's
Rocker Arm (Rocker- Fiery Face). 15-2.
Wet Track Spoils Auto Trials.
A large % number, "of spectators
Journeyed to Ingleslde racetrack yes
terday to see Barney Old field drive his
automobile In record -.time: The trials
had to be postponed, as the rain
which fell early yesterday morning
made the track unfit for lisa.
THE SAN CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 12, 1904
VAMPIRES TIE
WITH HORNETS
Independents. Beat Eagles
and Albion Rovers Win
Easily From Pickwicks
The most interesting and most keenly
contested <rame of association football
that has been played during the present
season for the championship of the Cal
ifornia league took place yesterday aft
ernoon on the Alameda ground between
the Vampires and the Oakland Hor
nets. Neither side was able to score
against the other. J. Frew was referee,
and by his prompt decisions prevented
the game from becoming a rough one,
as would certainly have happened. with
a weaker referee.
The Hornet forward line played a
strong attacking game, but could not
pierce the defense of the Vampires. The
goalkeepers on both sides did their
work well, each stopping three certain
goals. The game was watched by a
large' crowd of spectators, who mani
fested keen interest in the players. The
teams lined up in the following order:
Vampires. Positions. Oakland Hornets.
Rolfe .Goal C. Williamson
•Welber R. B .Gillchrest
Petersen L. B Pomeroy
Turner R. H. B Taylor
Harwood..* C. H. B.." McKenzle
Glaraer L. H. B Bird
Wildiria- O. R T. rusher
Lees I. R R. DIsher
E. Lecoutleur C. F ..Ernslie
Ratr.Bden....'. ..... ...I. L j. Smith
Robertson. . .1 O. L Ryles
' The ground at Idora Park,. Oakland,
was occupied by the teams of the Al
bion Rovers and Pickwicks, with A. t>.
Couper as referee. It was exceedingly
slippery, being covered with long, wet
grass. In the first few minutes of play
Jennings of the Rovers, twisted his
knee and had to retire from the game.
Though the Rovers played with only
two halfbacks they succeeded in scor
ing six goals to the two made by the
Pickwicks. In the first period the Rov
ers scored two goals and the Pickwicks
one. In the second period the Rovers
scored four and the Pickwicks one.
Whyte, Bradley, Anderson, Bain and
McArthur scored for the winners, and
Inganni and Robertson for the losers.
The game was a somewhat argu
mentative one, the players showing a
disposition to "talk back" to the ref
eree. The teams occupied the following
positions:
Pickwicks. Positions. Albion Rovers.
W. T. Bowcock .... .'.Goal HePherson
McKee. R B Jennings
Cockroft L. B. .John
Nolan R. H. B Bain
Bowden. ;.. .'. C. H. B Anderson.
Watters. L. H. B Jcnes
A. E. Bowcock O. R ..Bhand
Williams. \ I. ■ R .McArthur
Injranni....... .' C. F .". .. .Alnsworth
Kirvin .I ............. I. L. Whyte
Robertson O. L. ....... ... .Bradley
On the ground* at Freeman's Park,
Golden Gate, the '. Independents won
easily from the Eagles, beating them
nine goals to two. .
California Calendars" for; 1905.
California^ poppy, poinsettia; Chinese
and redwood calendars.^ Air new— b^st
ever — ready for mailing. Sanborn, -Vail
&. Co.. 741 Market street -••
JENNINGS HEADS
LIST OF LUCKY
PURSE WINNERS
Popular Turfman Leads
by Quite a Margin.
- Track Gossip.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAXD.
The prospects are for some excellent
Bport at Oakland racetrack this week,
as a fine programme has been ar
ranged. On Wednesday there will be
a handicap for' all ages at a mile and
seventy yards, with 51000 added. This
event should serve to bring together
some of the best hrorses here.
. The Crocker selling' stakes, which
will have a value of more than $3000,
is down for decision It is
for three-year-olds and upward at one
mile. Among the seventy-four eligl
bles are a number of high-class per
formers. The list includes Arcade,
Military Man, Elliott,- Vesuvian, Le
tola, Bombardier, Soufriere, The
Mighty, Modicum, Martinmas, Nl
grette. Gold Money, Captain Forsee,
San Nicholas, Andre\v\ B. Cook and
Ananias.
The Christmas handicap, with . $3000
added, will be run on Mondav, the 26th
inst. t
During the first twenty-five days of
the present season the New California
Jockey Club has distributed $67,dbo in
stakes and purses. Walter B. Jennings
heads the list of winning owners, with
$4920 to his credit.
James Hanbv pavs it was through
no fault of his that Mike Dalv was de
prived of the services of Dominick to
ride Claude in the handicap on Satur
day. According to the former's ver
sion of the controversy, Daly on Fri
day stated that Claude would not be
a ' starter in the race, whereupon
Hanby then secured the mount on
Gold Money for Dominick. Bullman
was once more on the "sick list, the
judges would not permit W. Daly to
accept the mount, so Claude was
scratched. ' 'r-^ / 1
Michaels should brush up in his rid
ing a little. Some of his waits are
longer than it is between cars on the
Geary-str«el line.*
If Northwest can win easily with R.
Butler up, the filly was a pick-up at
$700. It would not be surprising to
see" her beat Dainty with a rider up.
So Ed Corrigan has gone on East
from Chicago' to enlist the services of
the Jockey Club in his fight against
the Western Jockey Club. If he is suc
cessful things must have changed
around some in old York State.
When Whoa Bill was pulled up
bleeding In Friday's race, the hemor
rhages some of the colt's backers were
seized with haven't been stopped yet.
Bookmaker Joe Rose - will probably,
cut in this week.V "^ '-'•'
Billy Cahill purchased Yada from
Sam Hildreth for $1000. The Odd Fel
low colt has a frictionless way of get
ting over the ground, and should pick
up many a purse before the season is
over. Billy deserves a good horse, any
way.
Following is a list of owners to win
more than $1000 to date:
W. X B. Jennings.. $4. 020 GUI Summers Se
n. A. Smith 2.725 Co 1.350
H. E. Rowell.... 2,330 Mrs. Jas. Coffcy. 1,225
M. J. Daly 2,285 8. A. Hoppas -1,190
Parker & Co 2.000 W. T. Brlnkworth -
C. T. Henshall.. 2.C5U & Co 1,|75
Walter Scharetg. 1,853 SJ Judge 1,175
T. G. Ferguson.. 1.840 F. Skinner l,07f>
John F. Schorr.. J,«9* Blanchl & Co.... 1,030
Mrs. C. E. Miller. 1.430 F. J. O'Rourke.. 1,050
William Cahill .. 1,325 W. S. Hammond. 1,050
* — b
CONTEST ENDS
IN DEADLOCK
Tigers Stave Off Defeat
by Eapping Dr. Newton's
Curves in Eighth Round
■ ■- Y
LOS ANGELES. ; Dec. 11. — The
game to-day developed into a pitchers'
battle, with everything in favor of
Newton up to" the eighth inning, when
the Tacoma sluggers fell upon the
doctor's delivery for four hits, netting
three runs. As the locals had made
three, the game ended after nine
innings with the score of 3 to 8. A
bigr crowd was in -attendance. The
playing was fast and snappy at all
times. Score: <- . '
Lcs AnB'les— Tacoma —
AB.R. H. P. A. ■". AB.R. H. P.A.'
Hldbd, 1(2 2 0 2 0 Doyle, cf 4 1 3 3 0
Flood. 2b. T 1 1 1-2 Shay, s.. 4 1113
Crvath,rf 2 0 0 1 0 Bhehn 3b 4 0 1 4 1
Smith. 3b H 0 0 0 2 Nrdky.lb * 0 2 10 1
Chase, cf 4 0 1 OO M'Lga, If 4 0 110
Brshr. lb 2 0 0 14 1 Raymr,2b 4 O Oil
Toman, a H o 0 1 ."1 Graham, c 4 0 2 6 3
Spies, c. 3 0 18.! Hogan, rf 4 1 0 0 0
Newton.p 3 0 0 0 5 Overall.p 4 0 0 2 4
Totals. 25 3 3 27 16 Totals. 36 840 2T la
RUXS, AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angelns. . . . . 1 0 0 0 0 20 0 0 3
Base hits O 00 1 1 lo 0 0 3
Tacoma 0 0 000 0 0 3 0 — 3
Base hits...... 1, 0 0.0 0 2 2 4 1—10
SUMMARY.
. Stolen base — McLaughlln. Errors — Smith,
Toman. Three-base hit — Flood. Sacrifice hit
— Flood. First bate on error — Tacoma.. Left
on bases — Los Angeles 2. Tacoma 0. Bases on
balls — Oft Overall 0.. Struck out — By Newton
7, by Overall 5. Double plays— Braahear ' to
Toman; Splegto Smith to 'Brashear. Wild
pitches— Overall 2. Hit by pitcher— Cravath.
Time cf game— One hour and fifty minute*.
Umpire — McDonald. .
WHITES ARE VICTORIOUS
ON CLARK'S POLO FIELD
The Veteran, F. J. Mackey, Appeal's
*'*' In 'the Saddle for the First Time \-
This Season.
F. J. Mackey, the veteran English
poloist, appeared on the field at -San
Mateo yesterday for the first time this
season. ' The game was played on the
private field of Charles W. Clark. The
"Whites .won' by a scoreof 8-joals to
4. The teams, were made up: -
Whites— Charles W. Clark. W. S.
Hobart, John Lawson and Cyril To
bin. : ■';■'
Reds — -Charley. Dunphy, ,R. M; 1W
bin. J. O. /robin and F. J. Mackey.
I For the winning team John Lawson
scor ed ;4 ■ goals, "' Cyril ', Tobin , 3 and "WV
5. Hobart li • Mr/ Mackey srored 2
and R. M. Tobin 2 for the Reds.
LIKELY WINNERS
AT OAKLAND.
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAND.
First race — The Lieutenant, Ha rka,
Maxtress. '.:.. '."._'.^1T.
Second race — . Head Dance, St.
Denis, Phalanx. - ,
Third race — Sol Lichtenstein, Matt
Hogan, Bell Reed. .
Fourth race— San Nicholas, Elliott,
Vesnvlan.
fifth race — Follow Me, Flaunt,
Major Tenny. ' /U\ * /
Sixth race — Pelham, Gateway,
Toledo.
PELHAM WiLL MEET
AN ALL- AGE FIELD
An exceptionally good card is
offered at Oakland track this after
noon. San Nicholas will meet Elliott
and Vesuvian in the fourth number,
whileMn the last event Charley Hen
shall's 'crack colt Pelham is a starter.
The day's entries: *
First race, eix furlongs, three- year-olds,
selling:
752S 'Harka (Ryan) , 103
7509 Komombo I Parker & Thwaite) 105
7537 Maxtress (Kronick & Co.) .105
75C5 Cinnabar (Clark) 108
6218 Distributor (Neil) 101
fi7<)$ «Techniqufe (Clifford) 9B
7519 Coroner Kelly (Josephs) 103
7549 'The Lieutenant (Stcver) lOrt
7528 Standard (McAlcster) 105
7810 Lansford James (Cotton) : 1C5
7534 Vaughan (Hertzell) Ill
7537 Instrument (Balrdt Ill
Second race, five and a half furlongs, two
year-olds, puree: -_: •-- . -
7463 Phalanx (Moortr.ead Farm) 110
7517 St. Denis (Zellnsky) * 107
7625 Tennyburn (Miller) ...-.: 110
746S Gosslper (Touhey) 107
7542 Amy J (Jennings) j!07
7535 Lady Goodrich (Applegate) .107
7535 Dlxelle (Wilson) ; ..107
7533 Lily Goldlng (Stenfleld & EUlg) 10T
7511 Boso Eley (Blaslngame) 107
7475 Mabel Bates (Strobe!) '.107
7541 Head Dance (Henshall) • 110
7tS6 Cardinal Sarto (Summers) 110
Third race. Futurity course, four-year-olds
and up, selling:
7474 Kubelik (Santa Fe Stable) 107
7547 Redan (Strobel) ;.110
(752.J)Sol Llchtenstetn (Romish) 110
Bob McLean (McAlester) 107
7543 »Matt Hogan (Mngrane) 105
(7500) »Picka way (Jackson) 105
7523 'Doublet (Fountain) 1C2
6717 *Maud MulW (Miller) i 102
7467 «Troy (Gilbert) 1C2
(74fW)Bell Reed (Fitzgerald) 110
7547 •Slllicho (Ferguson) KG
7523 Bard Burns (O'Rourke) 113
Fourth race, one mile and fifty yards, three
year-o!ds and up, selling.
7543 Little JVally (BrJnkworth &' Co.).... 90
747(5 Ink ( Lamasney) .^ 106
7531 »«an Nicholas (Rowell) 93
7512 Elliott (Daly). / 107
7548 •Vesuvian (Jennings) ..'. 100
Fifth race, one and a sixteenth miles, three
year-olds and up, selling. '
7534 (Brlnkworth & Co.) 104
7340 Galanthus (Coffey) 100
754!) »maunt (Ryan) 104
<7538)Badly Used (Multnomah Stable) lo»
7506 'Dusty Miller USh'.rrdanj,-. ::;;:. .*•- ;.J«W
(7510) Follow Me t. . . . : . . . :.'.... M08
7516 Theodora L (Smith) 1C4
7538 'Hermencia (Cahill) «9
7485 Thorndale (Murray) 104
- 7534 Goldflnder (Fitzgerald & Co.). ...... .109
J338J. V. Klrby (Strobel) 109
.549 'Major Tenny (Piedmont Stable) 104
7640 Pcher2O '(Pueblo Stable) 108
7540 Allopath (Lamasney Bros.).. 100
■7442 Formero (Appleton) 109
Sixth race, seven and a half furlongs, all
aces, purse.
7471 Last Knight (Lamasney Bros.) 110
7630 Gateway (Burnett) 103
(7542)Pelham (Henjhall) ..<.:.. 03
(7532)Toledo (Gaylord) Ill
7527 Ara (Stevens) \..»1
7536 Dr. Lcggo (McCalterty) 91
•Apprentice allowance.
TENNIS MEN NOT AFRAID
OP THE SODDEN COURTS
Enthusiasts Get Busy "With Mops and
Brooms and Then Wield
Their Rackets.
The courts of the California Tennis
Club were covered with water yester
day until late in the afternoon. A few
of the enthusiasts then became busy
with mops and brooms and the courts
were fairly dry at 3 o'clock. Will Col
lier and 'Ca'rl Gardner played two sets,
both of which the former won. Gard
ner took the first four games In the
first set, but Collier won the next nine
games straight. The veteran Is fast
getting into form and will be 'hard to
beat in the future. The score was
6-4, 6-4. ;-'^ /s.
Dr. Lovegrove proved too strong, for
"W. G. Knowlton, beating him four
straight sets. The score was"6-4, 6-2,
6-3. 6-2. t?i'£WX*
Paul Jones forced H. Gabriel to
play his best game to beat him. Jones
won the first set and had a lead of
5-2 in the second, but. Gabriel won
this OTt, 7-5, and the next, 6-1. A , v
Harry McAfee and Gus Lisser played
two close sets. The former won both,
the score being 6-4, 7-5.
PAKXELiL-S FALL BEFORE
INVINCIBLE WOLFE TONES.
Gaelic Football Teams Indulge in One
, of the Liveliest Contests
of the Year.
One of the liveliest games of Gaelic
football ever seen in this city was
played at the Presidio' Athletic
Grounds yesterday when the Parnell
team faced the Wolfe Tones. The field
was a cross between the San Bruno
marsh and a plate of mush, but the
players seemed to be amphibious."
In the, first half a bunch of Par
nells in green jerseys literally piled
through the Wolfe Tone~goal. It looked
all Parnell, at the beginning of the
second half, but the Wolfe Tones got
their second wind and became busy.
Almost' in the dark they went at the
boys in green hammer and tongs. The
game ended 4 to 3 in favor of the
Wolfe Tones.. The gate receipts will be
turned ; over to the language fund of
the Gaelic League. Following are the
players:
. Wolfe Tones— McEnerney (captain), J. Mc-
Enerney, Kearney, Mannion, McGuerln, Haf
fey, Croll. Stapleton. Ryan, Powers, J. Pow
ers. Dtggins, Lane, T. Lane,' McLaughlln and
Clifford. " ' ' ' ' .
Parnells— Barrett (captain), Scanlan. J.
Scanlan, Murphy, J. Murphy. A. Murphy, J.
Sullivan, H. Callaghan, M. Galvin, Morgan,
O'Connell, Buckley and Gibson. /
- NOMINATE INSTITUTE'S .TRUSTEES.— At
the quarterly meeting of the Mechanics' In
stitute'held Saturday night nominations were
opened I for - trustees . to be voted for . at the
election next February. The following were
nominated: Alpheus Bull. ; Tlrey L. : Ford.
Byron Mauzy. Robert W. Neal. James s O.
Spaulding. Otto von Geldern. Luther Wagoner,
Charles Sonntag. E. T. Hewitt. A. it Hunt.
J "H Graham W. H. Smyth. George A. Mer
rill,. John R. Curtis, Oliver Everett, • George W.
Dickie; There are seven to.be elected. - Messrs.
Bull Ford." Mauzy. Neal. i-paulding. VonGel
dern and Wagoner are the inmcumbenfs.
FAKTOR LEADS
HIS CLUBMATES
Germania Sharp Rolls Up
an Average of 23 Rings
for the Entire Season
HUBER IS ALSO A STAR
Schuster Engages in the
Christmas Prize Shoot
and Makes Great- Score
The riflemen who assembled at Shell
Mound Park yesterday to take part in
the different competitions were pleased
to nnd both the light and the wind
were to their liking.
D. B. Faktor, who is always careful
and cautious, was the winner of the
champion honors in the Germanla
Club. He shot ten scores during the
year and made the high total of 2211
rings. This means nearly 23 rings out
of 25, and for a ten-time entry is/an
excellent showing.
Herman Huber in the monthly medal
shoot of the same club was high man
among his comrades with the big score
of 228 rings in the first championship
class.
F. P. Schuster was high in the
Christmas prize contest with tho fine
score of 70 out of a possible 75 rings
and easily carried off the, first prize.
William Garms, the well known rifle
man, has again presented a gold medal
to be competed- for by the members of
the Shell Mound Pistol and Rifle
Club.
The Germania and Norddeutscher
clubs, in addition to their monthly con
tests, also held their annual shoots for
Christmas turkeys and brought out. a
large number of members to take part
in the events.
The clubs which took part in the
shooting were the Norddeutscher
Schuetzen Club, Germanla Schuetzen
Club, Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol
Club, San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln
and Independent Rifles. The day's
scores: •♦ ." V^
Norddeutacher Schuetzen Club. annual
Christmas shoot — William Morken 36. F.i Kauf
tnann 5.'{. H. Sethmann 41, Captain John
Thode 53, George H. Bat-.rs 60, O. Schlnkel 42.
Captain L.. Slebe 19, J. D. Helse 53, Louis
Thierbach 56, E. T. Baruth 59, U Rltiau 52
V. 'Stegprrann 41), F. P. Schuster 70. J. Dieken
«2, H. Minister 3G. M. Dlekert 34. F. C. Rust
30. William F. Garms 54, E. Ipsen 44, H.
Ipsen 4.'!. Otto Arp ID. O. Lemcke BO, L.. Barner
47, G. Schulz-50, R. Stettin 36. D. Salfleld 6D.
Henry Meyer «1, Herman Huber 66. John Gef
kln CO. L. Brune 58. John Slebe 54. J. Schworm
sted 40. John Lankenau 66. F. Koch 63. D.
Schlnkel 64, XV. W>«pha! 56, H. Huppert 32.
A. Mauser 46 J. Krauze 1(, ; , W Gottschalk 28
F. Rathjens 20, A. Hllkeno 56, A. Schaefer
52, William Doell G5, H. Hohmann 49, John
de Wit 63. F. G. Thcde C4.
Bullseye shoot. Norddeut!«cher Club— F. P
Rust 2OS. Louis Thlerbach 350. D. Schlnkel 453
D. Stesemann 5<>». John Gefkln 640. A. Meyer
631. H. Meyer 6S0 J. Lankenau 727, F. P.
Schuster 912. H. Munster »lt>, Otto Lerocke
02r>, G. H. Bahrs 957.
j Germanta Schuetzen Club, monthly medal
shoot: First champion class — II. Huber 2UJt;
F. K. Mason. 227. 221: F. P. Schuster* 222
212; D. B. Faktor, 221. 217; M. F. Biasse.
221, 200: Otto Bremer, 222, 214. Second cham
pion class— G. H. Tammeyer, 221: J. E. Klein.
211; F. Brandt. 212; D. SaUleld. 213. First
class, not filled. Second class— M. Koiander,
208, 2C5. Third class— D. Muntemann. 20T..
21M3. Best first shot— William Zinkand. 23.
Best last shot — E. H. Goetze, 23.
San Francisco Schueten Verein. monthly
medal shoot: Champion class, D. B Faktor,
229; Hrst class. Otto Lemcks, 2C3; second class
A. Jungblut. 181; thlfJ class, D. Huntemann!
201; fourth class, D. Dunker, 193.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, monthly
competition: Re-entry rifle match — W F.
Biasse. 22fi. 225. 222. 21S. 215: M. Kolander.
224, 218, 217. 21.1. 210; D. B. Faktor. 222. 217 :
G. W» Maxwell. 221. 2C5: M. Biasse, 218
Gold medals — William EhrenpTort, 106. 124
Silver medals — H. P. Nelson. 212. 207; A. M.
Poulsen 170. Medal bars— G. Tammeyer 205
Pistol re-entry match — Dr. D. Smith. 87 S7.
81. 81, 81. SO; Charles Becker. 83. 82. Re
volver re-entry match — G. E. Frahm. 93 90.
80; W. C. Prtehard. 81. 88: P. A. Becker. S7.
SC. SC; J. R. Trego, »4, 83. 81, SO; E. Som
erville, 04.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot
F. Schohay 42. H. Marzolf 32. P. Volkraann
44, Sergeant B. Milken 34. E. Marrolf 13 T.
Lorenien 3'J, E. Ruhiand 28, J. H. Behlmer 39,
Corporal A. Dietrich 47. v
CATCHES CLERK
ROBBING MAIL
Postal Inspector Sends a De
coy Letter and Watches
Thief Extract the Contents
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 11.— Nick O.
Huber, special delivery clerk In the Los
Angeles postofflce, was arrested last
night by Postofflce Inspector Wilson on
a charge of robbing the malls. Huber
was detected in the act of secreting the
contents of a special delivery letter
containing money, which he had Just
opened.
The letter was 'a decoy sent, by the
postofflce" inspector?, who had suspi
cionfd Hubei 1 for some time as the
party who was responsible for the
many losses of money occurring In the
special delivery department of the ser
vice lately. He was locked up In the
city jail.
Huber was in charge of the special
delivery department of the main office
at night and was in the midst of his
duties' when taken into custody.
ACETYLENE GAS TANK
EXPLODES AND KILLS 3IAX
Skull of Southern Pacific Employe
Pierced by Flying Pieces
of Metal.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. H.— Frank J.
Strub, assistant foreman of the cop
per shop at the Southern Pacific plant,
was killed this morning by the explod
ing of an acetylene gas tank. He was
near the tank with several workmen
when it blew up. Fragments of the
tank struck his head, crashing Into
the brain. He was removed to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where he died.
Strub was the stepfather of Egbert
Brown, teller of the California State
Bank, a native of France and 52 years
old.
SUCCUMB TO THETR INJURIES. — Two
bodies were brought' from Maudsley's Sani
tarium. 2334 Sutte'r street, to the Morgue yes
terday morning. One was that of Lorenzo
ctuiKci. a laborer. 56 years of age. who was In.
lured by an explosion -at Gray's ' quarry on
Francisco street on - December 8. . An autopsy
showed that he died -from hemorrhage of the
brain. The other was that of Edward Mogen
sen. a ship's carpenter: 21 years 'of age. who
fell down a hatchway, on the ship D. S. Sarl
ton on December 1. fracturin* hit skull.
ADVERTISEMENTS. --
J. HORNADAY
PROFESSIONAL GLOOKER.
San Francisco Headquarters:
224 PARROTT BUILDING (fifth Floor),
855 MARKET STREET, Pboas South 1945.
■
Oakland Branch:
ROOM 8, 1155^ WASHINGTON STREET.
A CANARD!
Because my ONE-BEST-BET did not happen
to make a winning: ■howln* for the week end-
Ins Saturday, a rumor spread about to-wn' Sat-
urday night that the bookmakers had reached
me. The story spread like th« smell of fire,
and about dinner tlm« wa» the main toplo of
conversation In th« Palace Hotel Cafe, the
lobby of the St. Francis Hotel. Techau'a Tav-
ern, the- Poodl« Dos, and other well- known
publlo placea where my client* ara wont to
j conerejrat*.
! If the silly «a| who originated the yarn
, had stopped to think, he would never hav«
i epruns it. There Is as much chance* of "Gen-
eral Jack." Hornaday being reached by th«
bookmakers aa there l a for the mountain* to
come down out of the clouds or the rivers to
run back to their fountains. The story is
perfect moonshine, and, needless to add. Is all '
carved out of the carver's brain.
Eliminating all question of my honesty, how
much do you think the bookmakers could af-
•SF.SL 10 pay mo a " a brIb e? I am spending
?3000 per week In advertising alone, and 1
have over 500 clients residing in twenty States.
The racing season here !mik nearly six month*.
Do you think v they could afford to pension me
for that time at a price I would be expected
to a«k? For surely I would lose my clients
so fast that my advertising would practically
be a dead low. And would they have any In-
centive to continue to pay me, when, after a
enort period of time, the number of my fol-
lowers had dwindled to a small and continually
declining number of listless playerm?
Think it over 1 . The only way I can mak»
money | a by furnishing wtnnera at good prices,
and the common enemy Is the bookmaker.
MY RECORD!
Again. If you look over ray record, which X
reproduce here in full this mornlnp. of every
norse given by me as my dally OXE-BEST-
BET since the beginning of the meeting, you
<wili find that only on* hone named by ma
last week out of six finished worse than aec-
ond; and that twice, in the cas* of MILITARY
MAN on Tuesday and CLAt/OB on Thursday,
I was nosed out of first money.
Again, if you consult my complete record
published below, you will find t^at every se-
lection that I have given sine? th« beginning
of the meeting as my OXE-BEST-BET has
been backed down at the track. If I were In
league with the bookmakers and was touting
my clients daily on a "stiff* the price would
to sailing — wouldn't It? ' $. ■
How anybody but the rawest kind of a
"come on" could swallow that yarn Is beyond
me.
The story may owe Its origin to an Hl-con-
cealed attempt of the bookmakers themselves
to prepossess the public against the best tip-
ster that ever came over the pike. They cer-
tainly aren't in love with the man that haa
so successfully wasre<! war against them. For
over two decades, through th» medium of such
well-known plungers as "Plfbbursr Phil," the
late William C. Whitney. Pteve 1'HommedJeu,
Riley Grannan. Dave Gideon, John Daly.
Jesse Lewisohn andyithers, I have consistently
and persistently "milked" them of the money
they have gathered from what Is currently
known amontr sports aa "sucker bettors." and
they have as much love for me aj an East-
erner has for a California fie*.
I admit that my OXE-BEST-BET record
last week was staiply rotten. I am ashamed
of it! It's the hummest looking showing I
have made since the days I clocked Longfel-
low in his morning workouts down in Lexing-
ton, and that was nearly a quarter of a cen-
turr aco. If I could not make that record
lrok like the froth on a glass of atale beer I
would quit touting and become a tamalo
vender.
P ONE-BEST-BET
Of 22 starters given as my OXE-BEST-BET
since the beginning of the Oakland meeting.
Xovember 12, 11, or B0 per cent, finished first:
6, or 27 per cent, finished second; 2, or 9 per
cent, finished third; 3. or H per cent, finished
unplaced. >
5 to 2 WERE THE AVERAGE ODDS OB-
TAINED AGAINST MT TVINXERS. Averaero
odds agaln5t seconds. 12 to S; average edds
against thirds. 11 to 10; averass edds against
unplaced. 3 to 1. \
Here follows a complete record of my OXE-
BEST-BET dally since the beginning of the
meeting at Oakland a month ago. Every
starter named by me In my one-horse-per-day
wire as the. day's OXE-EEST-BST is accounted
for, whether the horse won«or lest, and a show-
Ing is mad- of the result of a $20 Cat bet. On
days when no horse is accounted for, it was
either Sunday or the hcrse I handed out as my
OXE-P.EST- BET was withdrawn.
Nov. Horse. Odds. Result.Won.Lost.
14--Pelhaan 3 to 5 -Won $13
15— Bevolt 10 to 1 "Won 200
16--Istlana 1 to 1 Won 2O
17- D. Carina . a to 1 Won 40 . .
19-Borarardier 13 to 5 2nd .. 820
21-EKtelle J 6 to 5 Won 24 . .
22--H. L. Prank 3 to 1 2nd ..20
23— MinciaTio 6 to 1 "Won 130
24--O. Money 8 to 5 3rd .. 30
25— Vesnvian 6 to 5 Won 34
38— Mcada 3 to 5 3rd .. 3O
29-liivader 7 to 1 Lost . . 2O
30~Arcade ........ 4 to 1 Won 80
1--Nlarrette 6to5 Won 24 ,«;,.
2--D. Carina 3 to S Won ,12
3—Bab 3 to 5 Lost . . 2O
■ 5— A. B. Cook 7 to 5 2nd .. 2O
. 6-MI1't Man 11 to 5 2nd . . SO
7— Ananias 7 to 5 Won 38
8— Claude 3 to 1 2nd . . SO
9-Allopath 6 to 5 LosrS ..20
10-Sea Air 3 to 2 2nd .. 20
•3849320
net Gain on S30 flat faet $364
JUfVfP ABOARD
The record which Is printed above had some
bad soots last week far flat bet players, but
for the system player It had no bad spots.
Ask the player of any system I don't^car*
what It is. whether he could not make a bar-
rel of money by playing a series of selections
that doesn't give more than three consecutive
losers, and. he will tell you that ha could wtn
all the money on the rac» track by progressive
bets on that kind of picking.
However, as Indicated In the foreword of
this advertisement. I can beat last week's
showing by a city block. It was the first week
out of four that a fiat bet made a losing. If
tbe bookmakers had a full Idea of what my
ONE-BEST-BET has in store for them every
day this week, they would all "take to the
tall and uncut." Mcst of them are filled with
apple Juice and conceit and will have on tap
to-day a hogshead of Dutch courage. The
prices that they will lay against my OXE-
BEST-BET will make your head swim. They
think they have got me beaten to a pulp.
But watch me c»it loose!
And If you happen to be on the first Oak-
land boat to-night returning from the races,
after my OXE-BEST»BET has landed, listen
to some of their conversationlngs. Then if
I you don't think a Umburser Cheese Factory
has exploded. I will present you with my wire
for the next thirty days gratis. .
Talk ebout your "Sleepers." The one I will
uncork this afternoon will come very near ap-
proachinr the famous coup that I pulled oft
at Saratoga in 1887 with Troubadour, when, as
every turfite know*. John Daly and I aklnned
the ring out of 141.000 bucks.
"For to-morrow I have got another on» that
will be at a price, and he will roll tattoo.
For Wednesday I have got another
'For th<» S2300 Crocker Selling Stake on Sat-
urday I know of a "baby" that la being point-
ed for a killing at about 15 for 1.
Xow, I don't cars how many of yon San
Francisco babies give my dally message the
go-by this week, because I happened to have
some losers last we?k. I c*n afford to wait;
and I don't have to do any coaxing I have
got the goods. I am practically selling $20
gold pieces for a "two-spot" every day. and
common sense tells m» that Just as soon as
everv racegoer waters to a realization of thla
fact" he will come around and pound In my
door. If It don"t happen to be open, to procure
"? tum^got money to burn for publicity, and
" Cb C r n how°^r tO y:u lt wUl"t n rin R along with
"General Jack" throughout this week. beRln-
r^g to-day, and be in when the natural law
of percentage say* there win he some big do-
ings. In order to restore "General Jack s gen-
eral' average of winners. Maybe.
Decide tor yourself.
TERMS, $2 (fAILY; $10 WEEKLY,
My message, beginning 't»w
Cg-Z/^ajg^T <ia'y. will positively not h*
rsJriSESr placed on "ule at my offlc*
ygj,yw ■» ~ imtll noon. Doors remain
shut until that 'honr. Or-
ders received by phone up fo 11:30 a. ra. win
be delivered at any address by 12:15 p. m.
1112
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GOLDBERG GOl- DB ERG
W BDWEN BDWEN
& CD. *CQ
As Christmas Gifts I W H R. I S I .MAS
12-25-50-100 in box ,
Ladies may order cigars here— tree Ornaments
we know what to send — special
sizes in pretty boxes. Latest European Novel-
Latest Arrivals %t - f k t
Anchovies in kegs, Cream tieS-tomaKe your tree
of Edam cheese (in tins ) live look prettier than
snails from France, Bismarck > ever
herring, Fau's French prunes
Cresca stuffed dates, Ore- Shelled Almonds 35c
gon Italian prunes, mam- New Crop, reg'iy 45c ib
moth walnuts (32 to the ib.) Asparagus- Gra.d island 2:
big bloater mackerel. Enough for four, no waste doz 2.9'
Monday Tuesday Wednesday L regM y d^l t 2^^ b C r],x Klngsford • M
December 12, 13, 14 French Olive OU-reg'iy^ocqtsg
Hams-Eastern, Old Dominion 13 G B & Co -» bottled in Bordeaux
All guaranteed, reg'iy 16c Ib Bouillon Capsules • 21
Royan Sardines 2 for 25 Co1 ? rights, hot beef tea goes to the
In French oil with truffle and pickle spot re * !* 30c box of ™
reg'iy i5c can Carpet Sweeper-reg'iy|2.50 i.9c
Pin Money Sweet Pickles Goidbow, holiday suggestion
Gherkin's, mixed ipt20, P t32^ Pudding Moulds-Imported
reg'iy 25c,40c, 60c qt 50 reg'iy 1 qt 60c 2qt 75c- 3 qt 83c
Seeded Raisins 4 for 25 speciaI 45 bb 65
Butterfly, reg'iy 3 pkgs for 25 I FRI/ITrHn\T
String Beans-ciear Lake 1214 }th ° K U n £ N
stringiess, tender, reg'iy $i.ea 1.40 (German HoneyCake)
Arcade Sweet Corn 12# Listerine-Large size 55
Good qwHjr.tadc to old price 1.40 Champagne Cider P t i.eo
Formerly |1.75 dor Lon Z Island apple juice P
Ron RnnQ Transcontinental, special cut qts 2.60
.V*- 111 "U«^ Too many kinds, reg'iy $2, |3 25 doz
Containing toys, caps, musical in- Creme de Menthe-Green 1 o^
suuments, surprises -full of fun B& R
Oh! so many — pretty ones too, u/l:. u/; _ ; t -
•and not expensive White Wine-CHifornl* ga I 55
-r , e. reg'ly 75c, f 1.75, $2.75 doz nts 1 *, i
TabaSCO Sauce-regMy 40c 35 Allowance for empty bottles Qts 24 *
Red hot pepper flavor 3forl.03 ii/l- 1 M
v j it • Whisky-GBCo. 3for2 0J
Kippered Hemng 20 O K Bourbon, reg'iy $1 bot 3 on
Molr's popular fish delicacy, reg'iy 25c Sweet Mash, *4 gal
Sage Cheese-reg'iy 25c ib 20 Scotch Whisky-DC l • 1.00
Salmon-Extra Quality 3 cans 50 Very Old Special reg f ly$1.25
Challenge, regly 20c 2Ib tall can coId nlghts ' hot Scotch
Apricots-reg'iy20cib 15 Cognac-F o p i A5
*-* * 1 /-* ** Hennessy, French, our bottline 4
Guatemala Coffee-reg'lyZSclbOO reg'ly ;1.50 bot. $6 gal
Hawaiian Beauty Kona Coffee Topaz Spanish Sherry 50
In a class by itself so 1 lb carton 30 re g'Jy 75c tot, $2.50 gal 1.35
superior in quality D^^«- r~ ,-* ■ . ,
_._,/_ .. J rort-Cahfornia, choice 30
uiit Cabinet Free reg'iy 40c bot, fi.50 ga i 1 jq
Assortment of finest wines Claret-Extra v. v. Zinfandei 70
and liquors packed in pol- reg'iy $1 ga i, $2.15 doz pts 1.70
ished ash cabinet with lock w.50doz qts 2.9j
and key,, without extra Toy Christmas Trees
r'y •*•*--» 30c to 34
ORDERS PRESENT
FINE EXERCISES
Golden jubilee literary exercises in
honor of the immaculate conception of
the Blessed yirgln Mary were held
yesterday by the Ladles' and Gentle
men's sodalities of St. Ignatius
Church in the college hall.
The programme waa admirably ar
ranged. It began with a splendid ren
dition of the march from "Aida" by
the St. Ignatius College orchestra,
James R. Kelly followed with an ad
dress, In which he told of the loyalty
of the members of the sodalities and
erpressed his pride in the fact that in
all the years of their organization
there had never been a case of a mem
ber doing anything inconsistent with
the high alms of the order.
Miss Mary Starkweather then re
cited a beautiful poem, entitled .'To
day." by Sister Anna Raphael, S. N.
D., and the ladies* and gentlemen's
choir sang "Maria Mater Gratiae," the
excellent voices blending well and giv
ing full value to the exquisite compo
sition. The choir was also heard in
"Tota Pulchra Es." and "Regina Sine
Ccncepta."
"She Shall Crush Thy Head" was
th* subject of a recitation by Miss
Cornelia Farrell, who threw remark
able feeling into the delivery. Fred
Churchill's delivery of "The Rising
Dawn" was also an able effort and
Miss Mary Inglis' "Ode" was spoken
■with all the gentleness the subject re
quired.
George A. Connolly gave a master
ful oration and the violin solo, "Capri
cietto," by Miss Blanche Coonan. ac
companied by his sister. Miss Coonan,
was one other of the many treats the
artistic programme afforded. .
The orchestra won laurels for its
rendering of "Angels Serenade"; the
intermezzo, "Naila" and the pastoral,
'Idlewllde." \ ■;'. Y ;.'
.The Rev. Father Biever, S. J., »of
New Orleans delivered a few remarks
before the 'close of the exercises, In
which he gave to the reverend tethers
of the college the heartiest congratu
lations for the strength and loyalty of
the sodalities.
The priests present were: Very Rev.
J. P. Frleden. S. J.: Rev. Albert BleVer.
S. J.; Rev. Dionepius Mahoney, S. J.;
Rev. Joseph Hickey, S. *J.; Rev.
Father Joy, S. J.; Rev. Joseph Sasia,
S. J.; Rev. J. W. Rlordan, S. J.; Rev.
J. Francis, S. J.; Rev. J. Landry. S. J.;
Rev. H. Whittle. S. J.: Rev. H. Woods.
S. J.; Rev. H. Stark; Rev. V. Testa,
S. J-: Rev. William Ruppert, Rev. H.
Flynn. Rev. P. Madden. Rev. H. Dleg
nan, Rev. J. Laherty, Rev. T. L. Mur
phy, Rev. C. Buckley, Rev. J. J. Con
lln. Rev. N. P. Bell and Rev. F. R.
Rcssetti, scholastics of the Society of
Jesus.
Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism aad neuralgia,
Drocrl«t*. 60c Cask. HJchard * Co.. 40e Clay.»
ROBBED IN BROAD DAYLIGHT — Police
men Silver and Haggett were Informed by P.
J. Demartlnl. S37 Green street, that about 11
o'clock yesterday morning a Chinese had been
knocked down and robbed of a purse at Union
and Stockton etreets. Silver and Haggett made
inquiries, but 'failed to learn the identity of
the Chinese who km robbeed or to obtain a
Kood description of the thief.
KNOTS HONOR
ASA R. WELLS
With solemn ceremony the funeral
of the late Asa R. Wells was yester
day conducted from the Masonic Tem
ple, under the auspices of California
Commandery, Knishts Templar. The
beautiful ritual of the Masonic .order
was read, after which the remains
were escorted by the Commandery to
the Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where in
terment took place.
During the forenoon many beautiful
floral pieces were sent by. friends of
the Wells family. The commandery
hall was the scene of a solemn gather
ing of those who knew Mr. Wells in
life and admired him. All wanted to
get a last look at the calm, strong face
of the man who had been for vears an
important factor in the building up of
San Francisco and California.
Many Masons of the order of Knights
Templar and other lodges accompa
nied the remains to the Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. The widow with her sons
and dauchters' left the Wells residence
at 1406 Jackson street shortly before 1
o'clock, and remained near the casket
at the Temple until it was removed to
the hearse. The commandery and the
long funeral procession was escorted to
Van Ness avenue and Post street by a
band that followed the slow measure of
the dead marches. At this point the
marching Knights took carriages for
the cemetery, where they participated
in the ceremonies at the grave.
The following 'were honorary pall
bearers: B. P. Flint, Dr. J. W. Ed
wards, Clement Bennett, H. R. Jones,
Dr. Kenyon, James Stewart, P. O.
Scott. Charles Harpld Wilson, J. H.
Gilmore and Captain Burns.
Christmas Toilet Sets.
Toilet sets in staghorn, celluloid and
fine leather cases, $1.00, $2.00, $3.00,
$4.00. $5.00, $10.00. $20.00 each. As usual,
we have the greatest variety and best
values of good things; also hand, stand
ing and triplicate mirrors for handsome
and useful Christmas presents. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
JAPANESE USE KNIVES.— A tight broks
out among Japanea« on Pine street between
Kearny and Dupont. early yesterday morning,
and FranK_guito and S. Ichlkawa, waiter*,
were cut on the head with a Unlfe. They were
rent to the Central Emergency Hospital. J.
Trujl and K. Vchlta were arrested by Police
men Duffy. Baxter and Keohane on a charge
of assault with a deadly weapon.
Christmas Stationery.
Beautiful boxes of stationery that
make useful as well as very handsome
Christmas presents; also ink stands, desk
pads and calendars. Designs not shown
elsewhere. Banborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Mar
ket street. i •
WOMAN'S NOSE HHOKEN.— Pauline Deni
more rooming at 108 Blxth street preferred
to enjoy the shadows can from reflecting; red
electric lamps through the tenderloin recllon
U> her room yesterday morning, when she made
the acquaintance of a man at Powell »nH
OTarrell street*, who hit her on the face with
his clenched n*t. Pauline's nose was flattened
out upon her face when she presented herself
to Dr. Millar at the Emergency Hospital for
repairs at H o'clock in the morning.
Eyes Itch, Blur, Smart and Burn.
George Mayerle'o Eyewater strengthens
weak eyes, cures painful discharging, • sore
eye* and eyelids or feeling like sand in eye a
rest* tired eyes. At reliable druggists or
1071 V4 Market ftreet; San Francisco. 50c Bv
mall C3c . y
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, DECEMBER 12. 1904.
SOLDIER'S COIN
TAKES WINGS
3ran Dies Suddenly, Leaving
a Large Sum on Deposit in
Saloon Near the Presidio
POLICE SEEK A CLEW
Friends Can Offer 3S T o Expla
nation Regarding Sudden
Disappearance of Money
Coupled with the sudden death of
John Brashland, a soldier, Saturday
afternoon comes the story of the mys
terious disappearance of $1540 which he
Is supposed to have had a few hours
before his death. The police are work
ing on the case, but have obtained no
clew as, to the sudden disappearance^of
the money.
Brashland died in the room of Thom- 1
as Harvey, an ex-soldler, at 2612 Lom
bard street. According to Harvey's
story the two were but slightly ac
quainted. He met Brashland outside
his house on Saturday afternoon, and
, Brashland asked him for liquor. Har
vey took the man into the house and
gave him some whisky. Later Harvey
went out and bought beer, and w^ille
returning with it met anotheiv soldier,
Frank Strosnider, whom he also invited
to come into his room and have a drink.
When they entered Brashland was ap
parently asleep in a chair. A glass of
beer was poured out for him and an
effort made to awaken him. His friends
found that he was not sleeping, but
was dead. The body was removed to
the Morgue, where an autopsy showed
that death was due to cirrhosis of the
liver coupled with heart disease.
Yesterday morning a report was
made to the police that Brashland had
a considerable sum of money In his pos
session just before his death, and an
investigation was accordingly begun.
It was found that on November 30 he
deposited $1600 with O. Weinhold, the
proprietor of one of the unlicensed sa
loons just outside the Presidio gates.
"Weinhold admits having received the
money, but has in his possession a re
ceipt showing that he paid over to
Brashland $1540 on Thursday. When in
terviewed he said:
"Brashland left $1600 with me on No
vember 30 for safe keeping, and be
tween that time and last Thursday
drew out or spent $60. When he asked
for his money I urged him not to* take
it, but he insisted on having it, saying
he was about to leave for Texas. He
also intimated that he had more money ]
on deposit elsewhere. I have no idea i
how he could have got rid of so much
money in such a short time. He left
my place saying he was going to the
Presidio, and as it was payday there it
is Just possible he may have lost the
money by gambling. My opinion is,
however, that he was held up and
robbed."
As Brashland was penniless when he
begged Harvey for a drink and made
no complaint of having been held up,
the robbery theory is hardly plausible.
Other friends say that he may have
left the money in care of one of the
o Rlcer? at the, Presidio, but If he did no
receipt for it was founa on his person.
ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
Ill JL_/
GRAND y^ W-^ 1^ Tl^V T""^TT"> ¥ 'TF' . GRAND
WINNER ' Vjll\/-\l^Xj/ I IaIZ^Lj WINNER
lllll^ 1 '^ AT THE " gj]^||^^
I1IN 3 ST. LOUIS EXPOSITION
«*™^^ i WAS AWARDED mss^^^
. ' n n I "T CT - H -* H 1*3 E - ' " IB 9 h >» ' *■ •
j ILMlJgllL.. m M ' J I J S B I \f v H 1 1 J j _m_i lU m JUMlg
IlllPs'iaj OF ITS SUPERIORITY OVER OTHER . ®^^&M
I BRANDS AND FOR THE HIGHEST —^mm
grand- ORDER OF MERIT IN ALL THE 1 ELE- GRAND
p*m MENTS OF- A- PERFECT WHISKEY ' prize
' Wl N N ER • . \ V ' \ WINNER
ROSE MELVILLE STILL
CHARMS IN "SIS HOKINS"
Her Hoosier Girl Is Fumiy
IGNACE JAN PADEREWSKL THE
EMINENT POLISH PIANIST AND
COMPOSER. TO BE HERE.
"Sis Hopkins" came back to the Cali
fornia last night and by the size of the
audience has evidently not worn out
its welcome. Pretty Rose Melville, the
original "Sis," leads the cast and Is as
amusing as ever as the Hoosier girl.
Perhaps more so. That the audience
could have helped Sis along with most
of her quaint sayings did not seem to
make "there ain't no use in doing noth
ing for nobody that never done noth
ing for you," and the rest, any the less
funny. They seemed to like it better
that way. And Miss Melville, pigtails,
sunbonnet and all, is very entertain
ing in her Hoosier caricature.
The supporting company this year is
unusually strong. Frank C. Hartwell
is a very good "Pa" Hopkins, and Flor
ence Webster equally competent as
"Ma." The Ridy Scarboro of Frank
Minzey leaves the region of caricature
for drama. , Mr. Minzey is sincere and
convincing as the lover of Sis— no small
feat— and owns also a very pleasing,
barytone voice, used in most agreeable
fashion. John T. Ray does the village
undertaker and is as funny as the part
allows. The rest of the cast fills in
comfortably. The piece was greeted
throughout with hearty applause.
"A Chinese Honeymoon"-. made Its
bow at the Columbia last night.
.The Orpheum presents a programme
for the week that has threaded its way
successfully through the obstacles that
the. approach of the holidays place in
the- pathway of theatricals. Howard's
comedy ponies and dogs hold their own
in the first act. Phyllis Allen sings
popular songs with a good contralto
voice. Miss Mary Shaw and Harold
Cohill very cleverly and entertaining
ly lend a recent date to a somewhat
old idea in "The Silent System." The
Ford • sisters dance so well that they
are sure of popularity, and the Dillon
Brothers' songs are clever. Hermann
follows in the line of great magicians
with aptitude. Two good numbers are
"Marvelous Frank and Little Bob", in
novel gymnastic features, in which
"Tip," a well educated fox terrier,
plays an important part, as does "Ver
non, the ventriloquist."
Igrnace Jan Paderewskl, the greatest
of living pianists, is due to arrive in
San Francisco from Australia on the
steamer Ventura to-day, and the musi
cal pulse of this city is beating rapidly
in anticipation of his coming.
After several days of rest and prac
tice he will be ready to give the opening
concert of his American tour for the
season of 1904 and 1905, which will be
gin at the Alhambra next Saturday
afternoon at 3 p. m. The second Pade
rtwski concert will take place on Mon
day evening, December 19, and his
third and final appearance In this city
is scheduled for Wednesday evening,
the 21st. In all probability Paderewskl
will devote considerable attention to
the playing of his own compositions.
The work on which he lavished his
care and his labor In his grand opera
"Manru," which was first performed at
Dresden, May 29, 1901, and later at the
Metropolitan Opera-house.; in New
York, with Mme. Sembrichi the great
Polish tenor Bandrowskl and! Mme.
Fritzie Scheff In the principal roles. In
addition to his concerts In San Fran
cisco Paderewskl will make one ap
pearance in Oakland at the Macdon
ough Theater on Friday afternoon, De
cember 23. at 3 o'clock, and will give a
concert in the Victory Theater. San
Jose; on Thursday afternoon, Decem
ber 29, at the same hour. The great
pianist will play at Fresno on his way
to Southern California.
When one is afflicted with rheumatism,
to obtain relief as speedily as possible is
the first consideration: take Lash's Kid
ney and Liver Bitters. ". • !
BOMBARDED IX HIS SALMON. — Charles
Franz and Frank .Casement raised a disturb
ance In the Mloon of John Henderson. 3317
Twenty- fourth street, early yesterday morn
ing. - Henderson' ordered them out and they
bombarded him with bottles and glasses. He
was struck on the face, hrad and back, and
Loth 'his ejres were blackened. Franz and
Casement were arrested by Policemen Roble
and Maloney on a charge of assault with' a
deadly weapon.
f/i ADVERTISEMENTS.
*
O'CONNOR, MOFFATT ®> CO.
DRESS GOODS
An inspection is invited of the following" 1 items of styl-
ish dress materials, being special lines which will be of
interest to those contemplating the purchase of fashionable
goods for a winter dress.
"Clan Tartan" Invisible Check Suitings
Jbst received. Silk and wool. 56 inches wide, all wool; very
plaids, bright colorings; special desirable for separate skirts
designs for fancy and dress and tailor suits: dark and
waists; 27 inches wide; yard.. mixed color effects. Extra
$1.00 value $1.00
* WEST OF ENGLAND and
DEVONSHIRE TAILOR SUITINGS
56 inches wide, new mannish styles, in all the mixed color
i effects; small checks and stripes. All patterns shown confined
exclusively to us. Extra value $1.5O yard
Silk and Wool Imported French Panne
Poplmette Cheviot
46 inches wide. The new silk , 47 inches wide. Ground work
and wool material; lustrous, of navy, brown, green and red
soft and clinging texture. See with black effect. This line of
the new shades, of Parsifal. goods was imported to sell at
Hunter Green and Browns. $2.00 yard. Special price, yard
Yard 92.00 f. \...$1.OO
Our stock of Embroidered and Fancy Wool Waisting Ma-
enals now selling at H.less than regular prices. All styles for-
merly sold at $1.00 now 75c. All styles, formerly sold at 65c
and 75c now 50c.
COLORED CLOTHS
French and English Amazon Cloths
Broadcloths A large assortment of al! the
The finest weaves in the new- new shades in English Amazon
est shades of champagne, tan. Cloths. All-wool, well finished
brown, blue, green, cream and and an excellent wearing fabric
white. 54 inches wide. Per for tailor suits; «?o inches wide.
yard.... 92.OO, $2.50, $3.00 | Yard gl.5O
Covert* Cloths Mixed Cheviots, and
Fine English Covert Cloth, in COVertS
the stylish shades of tan. This The correct cloth for srolf
material is extensively used for ai ? d short kin / skirts for the
., r . T . . winter. Mixed shades of
the new Corset Jackets. 52 brown, gray and blue. 54 inches
inches wide. Yard $2.OO wide. Yard 91.OO
111 to 121 Post Street '^^*2^y
CAMPAIGN WORK
IS COMMENDED
The Presidential Electors recently
chosen by the people of California will
meet in Sacramento Monday afternoon,
January 9. The ceremonies Incident to
the declaration of the official result of
the election in this State will be of a
patriotic character and will take place
in the presence of the members of the
Legislature and other State officers.
The Republican State Committee will
request the use of the Assembly cham
ber. The Electors will assemble as re
quired by law and cast their ballots for
President and Vice President of the
United States. Assistant Secretary
Steppacher will co-operate with Charles
F. Curry. Secretary of State, in prepa
rations for the meeting.
The executive and' advisory commit
tees of the Republican State Commit
tee met at their rooms In the Palace
Hotel on Saturday evening. The chair
man. General George Stone, give a gen
eral statement of the committee work
during the campaign, which was highly
satisfactory to the committee. On mo
tion of Robert T. Devlin a vote of
thanks was tendered to the chairman
for the very efficient manner in which
the camoaign of 190$, in which he was
the guiding spirit, had been conducted.
A vote of thanks was also tendered to
Secretary Woodward and to the office
staff for their earnest co-operation with
the chairman.
On behalf of the office staff Secretary
Woodward presented to the chairman
a beautifully engrossed letter setting
forth their appreciation of his uniform
courteous consideration of all. This was
in a superbly bound leather case.
Chairman Stone was authorized to
appoint a committee on legislation, to
consist of. nine members, Including
himself. This committee Is to advise
and confer with the members of the
Legislature on matters affecting the in
terests of the party and the State.
Among the members of this committee
will be Lieutenant Governor Anderson,
Senators Selvage of Humboldt, Wood
ward of Sonoma, Lynch of San Luis
Obispo and ex-Senator Devlin of Sac
ramento, who are members of the State
Executive -Committee. The remaining
members will be announced later. It
is not proposed to open headquarters In
Sacramento, but the committee will be
called In conference as occasion may re
quire.
It was suggested that the executive
and advisory committees should be
called together from time to time to
consult and advise upon matters which
will tend to promote the best interests
of the party throughout the State.
nnrnett'i Extract of Vanill* to the
leader all the world over. Use no other. •
PASTOR DEDICATES
ST. LUKE'S AI/TAR
Simple Ceremony Marks the Com
pletion of the Adornment
. in the Chancel.
' In addition to the usual ante-Christ
mas Sunday, services at St. Luke's
Church yesterday morning the dedi
cation ot the new stone altar and
reredos was performed by the Rev.
Burr M. Weeden.
For the last three weeks the work
men have been setting the fine new
altar In place. It is of Gothic archi
tecture and is made of stone quarried
in Utah. They are several niches In
the faca of the altar, which occupies
the greater part of the rear w^ll of
the chancel.
The services were of a simple na
ture and no attempt was made to hc!<J
elaborate ceremonies.- The usual choir
selections were sung and the pastor
in his sermon took occasion to refer
to the altar.
Amateurs Give a Benefit.
The Kossuih Histrionic Society «av«
a benefit performance last night of
the frontier drama, "Davy Crockett,"
in aid of the Jewish Educational So
ciety. The drama was preceded by a
one-act curtain-raJser, entitled "Th^
Open Gate." The young actors wert
well received by the large audience.
The affair was under the management
of L. N. Feder and the stage direction
cf K. C. Levy.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Music I
One-half §
Always, and to h ■
everybody. • fr-
We do every- &J
thing in our £-.
power to keep p*
frombeingcom- ||
pelled to say: gg
"Just out." 1%
Have you music rolls f§l
on your Christmas gift &&
Open evenings until Sg
Christmas. p£
1 '
Hf 16.0TarrellSt,5X Mj?
H&l $«QJo9e-aiameda-Fr«inoiOS f
MAUYAIS MUSIC CO;
S33 MARKET ST.. OPP. MASO.V.
Agents TALKAPHONE Machines
P^FANTS^g^NVAUDS^
If you want a good food for
your baby, — « f OO d that is en^
dorsed by physicians, a food that j
contains a large amount of digcstibla
constituents, a food that feeds, a food j
that will nourish, sustain and pro-i .
mote " the growth of your baby, — try
Mellin's Food. We will send a sam-
ple for you to try.
MELLIN'S POOD CO, BOSTON, MASS. "