THS WEATHER.
Forecast mad* at 6an Francisco lor
thirty hours ending: midnight, Decem
ber 3:.
Ban Francisco and vicinity — Fair Sat
urday, becoming cloudy and unsettled
at night; light north winds, changing
to easterly. A. O. McADIE.
District Forecaster.
VOLUME XCVTI— NO. 3.
ACCUSERS OF POLICE
REFUSING TO TESTIFY
AT the investigation begun by the Police Commissioners yesterday no proof of bribery in China
town was shown. Two important witnesses, R. A. Crothers and Fremont Older, failed to
appear. Citations will be issued for them if necessary and the matter may be taken into the
courts to test the Commissioners' authority. Gambling houses flourish, reap large profits and
regularly charge up sums of money to a mysterious "Incidentals" account.:
Commissioners Investigate
Charges of Bribery.
♦
Ruef Makes a Bitter Attack
Chinese Will Not TalkUnless
Assured of Protection.
. Eo far as furnishing any positive evi
fience of the existence and distribution
of a "sack" for the protection of gam
bling hcruses in Chinatown the investi
gation started by the Police Commls
eioners yesterday afternoon was a fail
ure. Two witnesses. R. A. Crothers and
'Fremont Older, who had been sub
penaed to appear and tell what they
knew of the doings in the Chinese
Quarter, were not present. Their fail- '■
ure to appear aroused the ire of Abe
Ruef, who in scathing terms, some of
them unfit for publication, denounced
the pioprietor and editor of the even
ing paper which had attacked the de
partment.
At the conclusion of his address Ruef
eaid: "I now move you, gentlemen,
that warrants be issued for the arrest
or these men and that if necessary the
entire Pt/lice Department, fortified with
rubber gloves, be turned loose to drag
them from their beds that they may
be compelled to either verify the
charges they have made or admit that I
they are false."
Despite the objections of Attorney
Hickey, representing Crothers and
Older, the two were again ordered- to
appear before the Commissioners at 2
o'clock to-day. If they fall to come at
that time a citation will be issued and
cisobedlence of this will result in an
Attempt to punish them for contempt.
As both sides admit that there is some
doubt as to the authority of the board
to punish for contempt in proceedings
of this kind, a failure to comply with
the mandate of the Commissioners may
bring the whole matter into the courts.
Attorney Hickey seems anxious to have
the matter tied up, as he contests the
right of the Commissioners to hold the
Investigation. When the section of
the charter granting such power was
read to him, he waved it aside con
temptuously, saying: "There has not
been a Eectlon of that charter brought
before the Supreme Court yet that has
rot been declared unconstitutional."
GAMBLING NOT DENIED.
•Aside from the bitter denunciatory
epeech of Ruef and some tiffs between
bins and Hickey. the proceedings of the
afternoon were somewhat prosaic, but
they gave promise of rich things in the
future. That gambling games were
running nightly in Chinatown was not
<«sied. A line of inquiry was started,
in accordance with the report made by
.CommiEEioner Hutton, tending to show
that there was an agreement between
the police and the owners of the gam
. bling houses as to which house should
be raided, on what night and how
many men should be arrested and
fined. The prison record was consult
ed in support cf this theory of the
Commissioners.
In all this there was no reference
. made to any distribution of funds to
the Mayor, the Commissioners, the
Chief cr Abe Ruef. Everybody admit
ted having heard of the existence of
•that "sack," but.when.it came down
to cold facts the bag of coin seemed
as elusive as the pot of gold which
children fondly believe hangs on the
end of a rainbow. It was all passed
up to the naughty highbinder men and
these same highbinders formed the
basis of making a novel if not alto
gether new proposition to the police.
.The Commissioners were informed
with entire frankness that several-Chi
neee. members of the Educational So
ciety, would willingly testify as to the
wicked ways of the guardians of the
city's peace provided they were as
sured, of police protection. It was to
be distinctly understood that the Ce
lestials did not want the police officers
to escort them about the streets. They
pimply wanted an officer stationed out
side the . doorways of their abodes to
see that no one came in to molest
them. The plan was not looked on
■with favor. The Chinaman is noted for
wily ways and the protection of the
police in the manner suggested would
offer an . excellent opportunity for a
number of Celestials to secure a "cor
ner'' in gambling houses without fear
•of molestation.
The first witness called was Irving
McAfee, a messenger boy, who accom
panied Commissioner Hutton to China
town on night. He said he
did not know who Hutton was, but
that Hutton had Riven him a sealed
envelope and Instructed him to deliver
'it to Sergeant Ellis of the Chinatown
6<juad. This was at 7:50. After mak
ing numerous inquiries he finally
-found Ellis in one of the Chinese thea
ters and delivered him the message at
5:25. He knew nothing of the contents
of the envelope.
Commissioner Hutton then took the
stand and told of sending the messen
ger to find Ellis. He said the envelope
contained instructions to Ellis to meet
him at the corner of Powell and Clay
streets that they might visit tfte gam
bling houses together. Ellis met him
at 9:30 and they visited several places,
but found them all deserted. A pecu
liar circumstance connected with this,
however, was the' fact that a short
time before the note «cas delivered to
Ellis the streets in Chinatown .were
practically deserted, but when the two
started to make the . rounds ' the streets
> ere filled with "chattering: Chinamen,
The San Francisco Call.
all looking in the direction from which
we were coming," as the Commissioner
expressed it. He further said that El
lis also noticed the unusual number of
men on the street and said that "they
must all be turning out to have a look
at us."
HCTTOX'S RAID.
Commissioner Hutton then related
how on Tuesday night he had visited
one of these same resorts at 820 Wash
ington street with Attorney L. G. Car
penter and Officer Minehan and suc
ceeded in arresting more than eighty
Chinese. In it were eight tables, a
desk and four iron safes. Men were
playing at the tables and the money
was carried to and from the desk in
the center of the room in wicker bas
kets running on wires, similar to the
method in vogue in the department
stores. The coin was usually wrapped
in handkerchiefs. When a search of I
the premises was made, after the play
ers and lookers-on had been removed
to the City Prison, several hundred
dollars, chiefly in silver, was found In
the desk. Some of the *t coin was
wrapped in linen handkerchiefs, some
was loose and the remainder done up
in cartridges.
• -Crnnmissloner Hutton said he "had
very little difficulty in getting into the
room. With Carpenter, he stepped from
a coupe and walked into the room on
the heels of an entering Chinaman,
while Officer Minehan ran around to the
side and blockaded the "getaway." He
was surprised at the great number of
men in the room, as when he had vis
ited it the night before there were but
two or three persons there and no evi
dence cf any games being played. One
man vras feigning sleep and the others
were making a pretense of cleaning up
the room.
"I had always heard," said Hutton,
"that it was impossible for a Police
Commissioner to visit Chinatown with
out his advent being heralded, soli tried
the experiment. On Monday night no
one knew of my plans, yet within five
minutes after the delivery of my note
to Sergeant Ellis all the gambling
houses were deserted. On the following
night, when it was utterly impossible
for any one to have known of my plans.
I found a room full of men. with games
in full blast."
At this point Attorney Ruef inter
rupted with the question: "Did you dis
cover any evidence to show that any
money had been paid by the Chinese
for protection?"
"I did not," was -. the - reply. "I will
say that Commissioner Drinkhouse has
at times expressed dissatisfaction with
the way in which things were run, and
said he would like to see everything
cleared up. Like others, I have' heard
many rumors, but have been unable to
find any direct evidence of guilt. For
instance, in March, when Sergeant
Cook was transferred, I was told that
on the following Saturday night the
gambling-houses would be opened. An
attorney for the Chinese told me that
money was to be paid for the privilege,
and mentioned the amount. I went up
there that Saturday night and found
that the houses were all wide open."
"Did you hear such rumors before
you were made Commissioner or prior
to the election of Mayor Schmitz?"
was asked by Ruef.
"I did," was the response.
"Are you able to. confirm the state
ment that there is a sack?"
"No." .
Hutton then told his experiences and
observations regarding the number of
Chinese arrested. From these he de
duced that to make things easy the oc
cupants of gambling-houses were noti
fied a few minutes before a raid and all
but a handful escaped through the
"getaways." "It seemed strange to me,"
he said, "that out of a houseful of 100
or more all could escape but from five
to ten men. In fact, it is ridiculous.- If
eighty or a hundred men could escape,
all could. Now, in support of this let us
refer to the prison register for -the last
month."
The November register was brought
In and showed the following arrests
by Sergeant Ellis and posse: Novem
ber 7, 5 men; November 11. 20; Novem
ber 19, 6 men from Waverly place; No
vember 21, 8 men from Jackson street:
November 22, 5 men from Ross alley;
November 26, 8 men ' from .Waverly
place; .November 29, 7 men from Soof
ford alley. . Hutton ,; passed this show
ing up without further comment.
"INCIDENTALS, $40."
The evidence captured by .Hutton In
his raid was then Introduced. It con
sisted of the books; of the gambline
house, coin and gambling parapher
nalia. An Interpreter, was" brought in
and translations made from the books
of the ■ firm. What would correspond
with the white man's . daybook* showed
some interesting features.- While small
items like matches - and stationery,
some of them amdunting"; to -not "over
50 cents, were carefully itemized,, there
was an ever-recurrent weekly.' item of
$40 for incidentals. In fact it seemed
so ludicrous when the interpreter read
off: "Matches, 50 cents; soap.'. $1; in
cidentals. $40." that notwithstanding
the desire of the Commissioners to
Oontlnaed on Pago 3, Column 8.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1904.
COURT PUTS
A RECEIVER
IN CHARGE
Appointed to Handle
Property of Mrs.
. CMwicL
Another Rich New Yorker
in Case to Have Her De
clared Bankrupt.
Lawyers Still Insist That a Person of
Wealth WiU Settle the Woman's
Affairs.
CLEVELAND, . Dec. 2.— Late to-day
Nathan Lesser, an attorney.' was >p
potnted receiver for. all the property, of
every kind, and description belonging to j
Mrs. Cassle Chadwick, 'and his bond
was fixed "at $10,000.^"
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— Interest in the
affairs of Mrs. Cassle L. ~ Chadwick of
Cleveland took a "new turn late to-day,
when a dispatch from Cleveland an
nounced that bankruptcy proceedings
had been brought against her by
Jacques Krakauer, a New York lace
dealer, with an establishment on Fifth
avenue. Krakauer in an interview to
night said that Mrs. Chadwick had
been a customer In his establishment
for some time, but that he had not in
structed the Cleveland attorneys to
take action against her. He said:
"I simply followed rar usual custom
of having my Cleveland attorneys to
look after my Interests."
Mrs. Chadwick's movements to-day
were also a subject of much interest,
and when she left the Holland House,
where she has been living, and went to
the Central Trust Company building in
Wall street her appearance attracted
crowds of people. The result of her
visit in Wall" street was not announced,
but it is understood she called on a
firm of lawyers there.
AGAIN VISITS LAWYERS.
There was a story in circulation that
Mrs. Chadwick contemplated leaving
for Eurooe to-morrow. Philip Carpen
ter, one of her counsel, however, said
to-night that his client would not leave
for Europe, and added:
"In fact, she will not leave this coun
try until every. dollar of her indebted
ness has been paid."
Carpenter also made the statement
that Mrs. Chadwick is a "very wealthy
woman," and "amply able to care for
all the claims against her."
Mrs. Chadwick was in consultation
this afternoon with the firm of Butler,
Notman, Joline & Mynders, lawyers
of Wall street. ' It was said on eood au
thority to-night that this firm has been
Mrs. Chadwick's counsel in this city
for a number of years, and one of her
lawyers said that the fact that the
firm had done business for a prominent
millionaire, whose name has appeared
in .connection with notes In this case,
was simply a coincidence.
DELAY IN NEWTOX CASE.
It was also : stated to-night that no
money or securities had been passed in
the Newton suit, but that Newton had
been given, assurances as to a settle
ment and that the money would proba
bly be paid in a few days. Rumors
were current to-day that there had been
a hitch in the progress of the Newton
suit, but these stories could not be
confirmed. Attorney George Ryall. for
Banker Newtpn of Boston, said: *
"Statements that Mrs. Cassie L.
Chadwick is to pay only $78,000 of Mr.
Newton's claim at this time are untrue.
The person who came to Mrs. Chad
wick's relief will pay, >to me the .'. full
amount of the claims of $190,800, with
a reasonable amount of interest besides.
I will give that . money to Mr. , New
ton and he will never know who paid
it to me. I cannot reveal the i Identity
of Mrs. Chadwick's friend." Y
PITTSBURG, Dec. 2.— John W. Her
ron, president of the Commonwealth
Trust .Company and one of ; the .three
trustees of the American estate of Mrs.
Mary Elizabeth Schenley. . to-night
i made a positive .denial of the > state
ment that Mrs. : Schenley had lent any
notes to Mrs. Cassle Chadwick.' V ;
"I never heard .. of the ; Chadwick
woman," said Herron. "Had there been
any such notes I .could not have, failed
to become aware of their -existence.
You can make a positive denial of > the
report."
Mysterious Death of Mate.
SEATTLE,' Dec' , 2.— Mystery sur
rounds the death of Second Mate
Thomas Kellyi who '.was lost overboard
from the British ship" Muskoka" on No
vember 25. • Captain 'McDonald .says
that none . of; the • officers j can* account
for,' his . disappearance!' it "is thought
that he : met with an accident : or.'com
mitted: suicide." .A storyi has * been cir
culated ' by . the sailors ; that | Kelly was
murdered. 2 ~^3SBBtSSBBBSMSuBBUM
FIRE RAGES
ON WORLD'S
FAIR GROUND
Incendiaries I Apply
Torcli to Several
Buildings.
Concessions Are Destroyed
Together Wit&Talu
ableExhibits.
Rare Collections of Art, I Porcelain,
Bronze and a Painting Brought'
Here Under Bond Are Lost.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST.rLOUIS, Dec. 3.— A general : alarm
of fire .was sent in from the Pike, at the
Wirld's;^Fair ground, ;at i3: 30;: o'clock
this ■ morning,* and .Avas"followed ; a'"few/
minutes : later by "an alarm from -'the
Varied Industries . building. Fifteen
minutes' later .another alarm came in
from the j Palace of Mines and Metal
lurgy.
These alarms caused the wildest ex
citement, and for a time It appeared
that the entire exposition was doomed
to destruction by fire. /"At 1:15 a. m.,
however, it was reported that the Va
ried Industries and the Mines and Met
allurgy building fires , were under con
trol and that the World's Fair fire de
partment and Hale's fire-fighters,
which were working desperately on the
main fire on the Pike, hoped to prevent
the spread of the flames beyond the
territory in which they were then rag
ing.
At J2:50 o'clock the police arrested a
man giving the name of Arthur V.
Dunn in the Hereafter building on the
Pike. They claim that he was in the
act of setting fire to that structure
when caught. They believe that all
the fires,- which started one after an
other, were the work of Incendiaries
and that they have captured one of the
gang who deliberately set out to burn
the exposition buildings.
ART COLLECTIONS GONE.
The first fire on the Pike was In the
concession known as "Fair Japan."
Some of the most valuable collections
ofi art, porcelain and bronze to be
found at the exposition were in these
buildings. The structures were all of
frame and burned fiercely and the en
tire concession was badly damaged.
"Quo Vadis," another Pike conces
sion,, and quite near "Fair Japan,"
caught fire . almost simultaneously
and burned as fiercely. The fire spread
rapidly to the Old St. Louis and Bow
ery concesisons and ■ in a short time
these frail structures were wiped out
of existence.
Carl Hagenback's wild animal show
is but a stone's throw from "Fair
Japan," and it; was "at first reported
that this great concession was burn
ing, but the report proved untrue.
At 1:16 the World's Fair fire de
partment believed it would be able to
hold -the conflagration In its present
limits. : •
Persons connected with "Ancient
Rome" say that: a watchman whom
they knew as "Scott"; has been missing
since^the fire was discovered and they
believe that 'he was burned.
; LOSS /WILL BE HEAVY.
In ■ addition to ' the loss of the build
ings a collection/ of oil paintings, de
picting scenes in the novel "Quo
Vadis," valued at '$75,000, were burned;
They were painted by Jan Stytka.Va
Polish. artist, and were brought to this
country under a . bond of $50,000.
The - German Government ■ was .' the
first to , begin active work of demolish
ing its World's »: Fair buildings. A
large ■ force of men yesterday began to
tear down 'the 'Prussian railway ex
hibit, which was one ; of the first In
stalled. , *
Directorof -Works Taylor stated to
' night' that •> the first • of the exposition's
i buildings to fall, before; the; onslaught
of the wreckers will be the stockbarns.
] Of the : exhibit : palaces 'the Horticul
tural building probably > will be the
first selected for razing, and, as all of
its perishable exhibits .will be removed
ln'a short tlme, t lt, may be less than a
fortnight before .work' on ? It is begun.
! As for * the , other ; exhibit buildings,
they probably will; stand- all winter, as
it. willlbe fully, ninety days before they
are ' cleared \ of ; their. . contents. They
will be \ turned over r to "the wreckers
as soon as emptied. '
- WASHINGTON,*. Dec 2.— According
to a statement prepared at the Bureau
of Insular 'Affairs, \the \ net - cost' of i the
; Philippine ; exhibit . at ,the : St." Louis ; Ex
position to ;the J Philippine : Government'
up : to - the night . of -. November 26 was
i $716,633. - mBBHSSMH^B^HMtf'
FRIENDS OF FORESTS
MEET WITH EXPERTS.
Recommend Bill to Create State Commission
PRESIDENT'S
"DOUBLE" IS
A PRISONER
Jailefl-- on a* Forgery;
Charge by Police
of Chicago.
Special Dispatch to The Call
CHICAGO. Dec. 2.— "De-ligh-ted,"
said a prisoner, held at the Central sta
tion for forgery, to-day. The police call
him the "President's double." He has
the he-'.ght, weight, mustache, teeth and
"I: have lots of trouble on account of
my resemblance to the chief executive,"
said the prisoner, whose name is Rob
ert S. Dollard. "I understand that 1
was captured by the detectives through
a description of the. President sent out
through the different cities. But I don't
want to mix up. Mr. Roosevelt in this."
Dollard was arrested by Detective
Sergeants Gallagher and Burns of the
Central station. They have been seek
ing him for months through California,
St. Paul, New York and Milwaukee.
Learning that he was to ' arrive ' In Chi
cago, they watched all the" Incoming
trains. At the station of the Illinois
Central Railroad they learned that a
man answering to President Roose
velt's description had arrived.
Owing to his muscular build and his
striking appearance Dollard was easily
recognized, and Detectives Gallagher
and Burns traced him to the North
Side. Detective Sergeant Gallagher
sighted him and laying a hand on his
shoulder remarked, "Well, how is the
President to-night?"
The man,. who proved to be Dollard.
turned around; and" ". tried to wrench
himself free, but Detective Burns came
up at this time and seized him.
Dollard Is :wanted on several charges
of forgery. In -December, 1902, it is al
leged, he induced A. E. Lamar, cashier
of the First National Bank of. Spencer,
Iowa, to cash a draft on the North
western Land Company. It was after
ward found that the land ' company had
no "' funds and Dollard . could not be
found; .
CALIFORNIA^ TO BUILD
A RAILROAD IN MEXICO
Davis Richardson Secures Concession
- , to Construct Line One Hundred
"Miles Long., •
AUSTIN, Tex., Dec 2.— Davis - Rich
ardson, representing the Richardson
Construction Company of Los Angeles,
Cal., has Just been granted a conces
sion' by the Mexican Government to
build and operate a railroad . from
Guayrnas,- Mexico, to Tonichi,: Western
Mexico, a distance of more than' 100
miles. Richardson deposited $25,000 in
the .Federal ..treasury as" a guarantee
that the * terms of the contract would
be - complied : wlth. %
The road must be completed In six
years 'The company Is : granted * au
thority , to import the ; material • neces
sary to • build the ; road free of duty.
Richardson'and his associates operate
rich mines in the Durango mining dis
trict, which will * be reached by the
new road. '
REVOLUTIONISTS CAPTURE
LARGE CITY IX PARAGUAY
Government '( Forces ; Now. Hold Only
.'the Capital and Its- Sur- »
. roundinss.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— It is reported
that Uhe" Paraguayan Revolutionists
liavet captured ■ Villa Encarnacion, the
second 'V: largest city In 5 the country,
says ' a". Herald dispatch i from ' Buenos
Ayres,VArgentlna. ; ,'If ;~thls report , is
true;.; the • Government . is ' now - In ' ©bs
session of ' only/Asuncion : and the sur
roundlngs/J; ?^S@9h
THE THEATERS.
VLLCAZAR— •The Christian."
CALIFORNIA— "Flnnigan's Ball."
CENTRAL^- 'The Little Church Around
.the Corner.*" -
COLUMBIA— "Her Own Way." -
CH UTES— Vaudeville.
FISCHER'S— Vaudeville.
GRAND— "The Show Girt."
LYRIC HALL— "The Star of Bethle
\ hem."****
MAJESTIC— "In MlMoura."
ORPHEUM- Vaudeville.
Tivou— "Kimr Dodo."
j Matinees at all theaters to-day.
GOVERNMENT EXPERTS AND
SECRETARY OF SIERRA CLUB,
INTERESTED IN THE FORESTS.
The annual convention of the Califor
nia Water, arid Forest Association,
which was held in the roo*ms of the
Chamber of Commerce yesterday, was
made interesting by reason of reports
that were received concerning the work
that has been performed by the Gov
ernment engineers and others employed
during, the last year by the . United
States Government " to aid California
in its attempt to Improve . its forests
and its uses of and conservation of
water. -.!'.' - - *
Prominent among those who were
present was a cluster of United States
employes. F. 'N. * Newell, the chief en
gineer of the reclamation service of the
United States, was there. So were J.
B. Llppincott of the United States Geo
logical Survey, W. C. Hodge Jr., E. A.
Stirling and L. C. Miller of the United
States Bureau of Forestry, Professor
Fortier of the agricultural department
of the University of California, Secre
tary 'W." E. Colby of the Sierra Club,
Chief Justice Dtatty, Marsden Manson
and others we!*" known In this State.
The attendance was not large, but the
body dealt with matters of great concern
to California.
The subject that largely engrossed
the attention of the delegates was a
proposed law . that was submitted , for
approval,, the "purpose of which is to
provide for. the protection and manage
ment of forest lands within this State.
The measure was prepared after sev
eral conferences by the Bureau of For
estry of the United States in co-opera
tion.with the State of California. In ac
cordance with an act of the California
Legislature passed at Its last session to
provide for! the formulation of a State
forest policy. | The act as proposed Is In
twenty-five sections. Its principal pro
visions are as follows :
NEW LAW IS PROPOSED.
• There shall be a State Board of Forestry, to
consist of the Governor, Secretary of State.
Attorney General and State Forester, to super
vise all matters of . State forestry, policy and
management. Th» State Forester ' shall be a
technically trained forester, who shall be ap
pointed by the Governor. Whether a candi
date for: the position Is a. trained forester
shall be determined by certificate- from the
United States , Secretary of Agriculture. Th«
forester, shall receive a salary of 525C0 s. yeai
and have the appointment of a clerk at (1200
a year. The forester shall execute all mat
; terB relating to forestry under the super
vision of. the . State Board of , Forestry, direct
the management ~ of State parks and forests,
collect data 1 relative to forest ' destruction and
forest condition? and take such action as Is
authorized -by. law:, to- prevent and extinguish
forest, brush ■ and grass , fires and prosecute
violators of laws. ' , , ■
• The Big Basin - redwood park. th« Mount
Hemilton tract, the Santa Monica forest sta
tlon. the Chlco forest station and the Yosemlte
State Park. if. the ' Government authorlxes the
change, shall be under, the jurisdiction of 'the
State Board * of Forestry , and the . board • shall
have all. the powers and. duties now possessed
by persons ] or commissions with ■ regard to the
parks and. tracts mentioned in the act and
. also - of any,, forest r or • brush land that . may
hereafter ' become • permanent State ' property.
.If: the Government of the United States shall
donate to the State- of California or. entrust to
'this State any tracts of .wholly or partly wood
: ed ; land, such < shall be ; administered by the
Board of Forestry at the expense of the State.
- The . State : Forester shall J co-operate - with
tewns, : counties, : corporations and - individuals
in preparing plans for. the protection, manage
ment | and J replacement of ■ trees, wood | lots : and
Continued on Page 4^ Column 4.
PRICE FIVE CENTS
OROVILLE
MAN FIGHTS
WILDCAT
j Beast Springs Upon
Him From Under .
a Residence. . •
Special Dispatch to The Ca!l
OROVILLE, Dec. 2.— Travers Wood
man, an employe of Wells, Fargo • &
Co., had a most remarkable encounter
with a wildcat this morning in one of
the most thickly settled portions of the
residence district.
While Woodman was on his way to
work Mrs. Ham, a widow, who resides
on Montgomery street, east of. First
avenue, called to him from her. door
and in an excited manner told him
that there was some wild animal under
her house which had offered to attack
her when she had left her porch a few
minutes before. The house stands
three or four feet from the ground and
Woodman, without hesitation, crawled
under the building to Investigate with
out taking the precaution to provide
himself with a weapon.
He had hardly disappeared under the
porch before he came out, his exit be
ing hastened by a wildcat, not quite
full grown, but with all the ferocity of
a tiger, he had disturbed.
Almost before Woodman could
straighten up the animal leaped at
him. Its jaws closed on hi3 trousers
leg. Woodman grasped the beast by
the neck and forced its head to the
ground. He has muscles well hardened
by toil, but he could not hold the cat.
which, though it broke Woodman's
hold, still kept Its jaws fastened to hla
trousers.
In the struggle that followed In some
manner Woodman— he does not know
how — got hold of the animal's hind leg.
Exerting all his strength he broke the
beast's hold. upon his .trousers. High
in the air he swung It and then brought
the cat's head crashing 1 down upon the
hard ground. The hammering process
was kept up until Woodman could feel
that there was no life left In the ani
mal's body. Then he carried his prize
to the express office.
How th« wildcat ■ happened to get
into Orovllle is not known.
CREDIT FOR SHOWERS
CLAIMED BY HATFIELD
Professional "Rainmaker" Atcts He
Is Responsible for Rain in Los
Angeles and Vicinity.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 2. — For sev
eral days past Charles Hatfleld. a pro
fessional "rainmaker," has been dis
charging gases and chemicals Into the
atmosphere from an eminence in the
mountains above Pasadena In an ef
fort to Induce rainfall and he is claim
ing credit for the showery conditions
now prevailing.
Light drizzling rain set In at 10
o'clock and continued intermittently
for several hours with occasional
showers. Notwithstanding the Gov
ernment forecast of no rain for South
ern California the indications appear
favorable for a considerable down
pour. '-"'_
WEARS FINGERS TO BONE
IN SEARCH FOR WATER
RENO, Dec. 2. — The body of William
Howe, a miner from Breckenrldge.
Colo., was found on the desert near
Stone Cabin, about twenty miles from
Tonopah, to-day. He had been dead
for a couple of days and on his face
were traces of much suffering. His
lips, were parched and swollen, showing
Indications of great thirst before death
claimed him.' Near his body was a
hole, which he had dug with his hands
in an endeavor to find water and his
fingers were worn to the boo* from
digging In the earth, ...2
CONGRESS WILL CONVENE MONDAY AND THE VARIOUS DEPARTMENT OFFICIALS
AT THE CAPITAL OF THE NATION ARE BUSY ISSUING THEIR ANNUAL REPORTS
FORECAST OF THE WORK
AWAITING CONGRESS.
r HE second ses'sion of the Fifty-eighth Congress will be called to order next Monday^ The
calendars of both houses are crowded and manv new bills will be introduced. The question
■,-■•..•■>■ ■ - . •*
of tariff revision will take up much time, as will also the trusts and the river and harbor ap
... t l
propriation bill. The subject of reciprocity will be given consideration, and legislation for 4 the
Philippines will claim the attention of the members. Currency legislation will be talked about,
but it probnbly will not be enacted. The following forecast will give an idea of the vast amotint
of legislation to be considered during the session.
Calendars of Both Houses Are Crowded and There
•v "■•■-•■ Is Talk of an Extra Session.
•.WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.— On the (
stroke of. II", Monday, the' second f?es- j
eion.cf the Fifty-eighth Congress will
be called to order by President Pro
Tern. Frye in the Senate and by Speak
er Cannon in the House. When the
gavels of the presiding officers sum
tnon th« Senators and Representatives
to duty nearly every member will be
in his Feat, but only routine business
v Ut be transacted. The chaplains will
pray, the rolls will be called, the reg
ular resolutions of notification will be
passed, • committees to inform the
President will be ' appointed and ad
journment will -follow out of respect
for. the deceased members. The Pres
ident's message generally is received
and read "the first day, but the Sen
ate is punctilious in certain matters
and it is almost sure to adjourn as a
tribute of respect to the late Senator |
Hoar of ' Massachusetts and the late j
Senator Quay of Pennsylvania. The
■message, therefore, probably will not
be 'rea&.'until Tuesday.
After the opening day, when the
message of the President is read, the
regular' business of the session will
•hegin and the legislative wheels will
•ETind steadily unti4 aiarch 4, 1905.
There is plenty to do. The calendars
of both houses are loaded with bills |
of all kinds; hundreds of new bills j
•will be introduced and committees j
ere ready to report enoush to keep |
Cot"*refs busy for twelve Aanths, but
.In the three months Congress will
probably do little more than pass the
'regular" annual appropriation bills.)
There- has been some talk of a possi
ble, extra session. The result of the I
November election was scarcely
"known before this talk begau. Here
tofQre <?xtr;i session rumors have been
lield.in abeyance until the holiday re
cess or at least until after the election
rf-turns have been digested, but this
year the discussion began before the |
."President know how many votes he
■would have in the electoral college.
The only reason why such a session
i?hould.be called is because there is a
demand in certain quarters for a re
vision' of the tariff, but many of the
incoming Congressmen during the last
Vwo' weeks have made it plain that
they dt» not want tariff revision, and,
further, that they do not want an ex
ti a. session.
Jr yARIl'F REVISION TALK.
There is one feature of the tariff revi
sion- Jalk that has some substance.
More . revenue must be had or there
niust be a curtailment of expenditures.
With the increasing annual appropria
tions, a river and harbor bill, increase
of the navy, the Panama canal and
other features of extraordinary dis
bursement there will be need of more
money .than present customs and in
ternal revenues provide. An intimation I
has- been made that curtailment will
Eatisf-y. many "Conj-'Tessional leaders, but
the majority may determine otherwise,
in which event some revenue legislation
,may be necessary and an extra session
for that purpose may be called. But
this is said to be a remote contingency,
and the probabilities, 'according to the
leaders who are here, are that there will
be. TieSther tariff legislation nor an ex
tra session.
Coupled with tariff legislation discus
stop is the -subject of reciprocity. A
number of proposed reciprocity treaties
have been and still are reposing In the
pigeon-holes of the Senate. During the
coming three months there may be
eome talk about these treaties, but the
indications are they will not be serious
ly considered. So strong has been the
opposition to them that it has never
"been .considered worth while to report
"them from the Committee on Foreign
Relations, to. which they were referred.
There was considerable talk during the
last session of Congress concerning tar-
Iff revision, and the suggestion was
made by several prominent leaders that
•any revision that was necessary could
be accomplished during the short ses-
Ejon -of Congress, the. idea belngr that
revision would be o.n the lines of re
duction and would meet with little or
■no* opposition. If more revenue is need
ed, and Jt is found necessary to add
•some internal revenue taxes, opposition
may be more pronounced. Revenue leg
islation ' of any kind is sure to create
considerable talk in the Senate, and
that "means delay. In fact, it has be
'come known that under present condi
tions legislation during the short ses
sion Is enacted by practically unan
imous consent. Any half-dozen Sen
ators who determine to defeat a bill
ha-ve the power to do so, with the privi
']<•£-<•■ of unlimited debate. In the House
' ' ' . . ADVERTISEMENTS.
• • • 0%^'
"heller & frank ?'
c"l6VhVers
Everr detail of your
|f clothe* l« Important IT .
' and carefully ob- #V
f served.. Shoulde™, «jy .
collar, lapel, draping-, £! ?
etc We arlve It all to 4J
gV- y on. Original amart ' pjj
3 clothe*. Some Snlt* Z ■
5 and Overcoats at 820; Z
§ MARKET STREET I
•2 AND GRANT AVENUE S
tsl - . p|
stringent rules enable the majority to
transact all business it desires, and so
far as that body is concerned there Is
no difficulty about any legislation that
may be attempted, but if the leaders
do not want tariff revision or change in
the revenue laws nothing will be done.
PHILIPPINE LEGISLATION.
The unfinished business. in the Sen
| ate is a bill passed by the House pro
viding for the construction of railroads
in the Philippine Islands by a guar
entee of 5 per cent income upon the
money invested in such roads. The bill
also provides for issuing Philippine
bonds for other internal improvements
in the islands and in several
other particulars amends .the Phil-,
ippine laws passed by Congress.
| The bill met with a great deal
of opposition during the last Con
gress, but Senator Lodge, who has it
in charge, says he will press it from i
i the beginning- of the session and hopes
] to secure Its passage. The principal
opposition was to the provision which
guaranteed an income to the railroads,
and little objection was made to ether j
features of the bill. Another bill for j
the Philippines, which has been urged i
by Secretary Taft and the President, !
as well as neariy every. one interested j
in the Philippines, provides for a ma- |
terial reduction of the duty on sugar |
and tobacco, as well as other Philip-
I pine products. In fact, free entry of
) these products has been recommended.
A demand for a reduction to 25 per
cent has been quite frequently present
ed to Congress.
I Another measure which received the )
sanction of the House last session, but !
which has never been pushed in the I
Senate, is the statehood measure which
provides for two States, doubling up
the Territories of Oklahoma and In
dian Territory ac one and Arizona and
New Mexico as another.
Should the House of Representatives
decide to impeach Judge Charles
•Swayne of the Northern District, of
Florida, the business conditions of
the Senate would be complicated.
After an investigation a majority of
the House Committee on Judiciary
in the last session recommended im
peachment. Consideration of the resolu
tion was postponed until December 13,
the beginning of th« second week of
the short session. Meanwhile the Ju
diciary Committee was instructed to
take further testimony, a task it be
gan two weeks ago. Present indica
tions are that the House will not au
thorize An Impeachment, or, if it does,
the action will be taken so late in the
session that the real proceedtngs-"will
so over until the next Congress. There
are precedents for such action in other
impeachment cases that have been be
fore Congress. . -
TKOUBLESOME SMOOT CASE.
i It is somewhat doubtful If a vote will]
be reached in the Senate in the case
of Senator Reed Smoot o* Utah. This
case attracted a great deal of attention
last session when the Committee on
Privileges and Elections summoned the
heads of the Mormon church to tell
what had been going on of a polygam
ous character in Utah,. and' thousands
of persons* petitioned daily*-' to have
Smoot ejected from the Senate. A score
or more of witnesses are yet to be ex
amined, and the defense has not even
begun, t»o that it is evident that before
a report is made ~ to the Senate the
session, will be so far spent that no
serious attempt will be made to reach
a vote .upon Senator Smoofs . title.
Some question lias arisen as to whether
the case lapses with the end of" the
present Congress. It was the opinion
of the late Senator Hoar that the pro
ceedings would end with the Congress
and an entire new case would have to
be commenced if it was found desirable
to continue the case against Smoot.
The last session passed a bill provid
ing for a commission composed of five
Senators and five Representatives to in
vestigate and report a measure for re
storing the Merchant Marine of the
United States. The commission was in
structed to report on the first day of
the coming session and it is expected
that this will be done. There has been
a great deal of anxiety manifested by
men of both political parties to secure
legislation of this character and if any
measure can be agreed upon which will
receive the. support of both .parties it
will no doubt be speedily passed. , .
Some doubt'exists among the mem
bers of both houses as to whether, addi
tional Chinese . exclusion legislation Is
necessary: It 1 has been held that the
law would expire this month, as it was
founded upon a treaty which also ex
pires. A new. treaty is being negotiated
and an exclusion law to meet its terms
may be necessary. The people of the
Pacific Coast have been insisting upon
nit-re rigid exclusion than that known
as the Platt law, and if. the question Is
brought up.there will be quite a lengthy
debate.
NEW IMMIGRATION;, LA W8. \.
Senator. Dillinprham has .. reported
from' the Committee on' Immigration :'a'
bill amending the immigration -laws;
The principal ;. feature of the bill is a
provision . for an' agent', of the: United
States, accompanied^by' a surgeoni, to
be : stationed at all .important Euro
pean immigrant ports to inspect aliens'
seeking admission to' - the United
States. It - also provides for -a head
tax of 52 an Immigrant. , v r,w
Three years ago when Congress as
sembled a flood of bills was- present
ed for. the protection of the President
and those in line' of succession. Some
of these measures were'reported and
even reached the stage ■ of ; conference
between -the two houses when the Fifty
seventh rConjirress expired. ;• On ;the
Senate- calendar is: a, notice given by
Senator Hoar last April. that oh Tues
day,- December 6,' her would, ask the
Senate to take up and consider a bill
for :the protection 1 , of : the- President
Whether or .'not some member of the
Judiciary Committee will " push the
measure now r that . the? Massachusetts
Senator is dead is not; known. There
is serious opposition' to; the bill; as ; it
stands: and unless "it; -Is' materially
modifled' if- probably ;_could. not pass.* *
, . Currency . legislation .will "be. talked
about,; but. Improbably iwlirnot^ be :'en-"
acted."- ..Tfat; Aldricns bilL ithe- Nelson
. . .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY, DECEMBER 3. 1904
bill, the Fowler bill and the Hill bill,
as well, as a number of others, are I
pending before committees, but no one t
has shown any particular desire to!
have them passed. In fact, one meas- j
ure is antagonistic to another and,
with no apparent danger- to the fin
ances of the country, those who are
not experts in the matter of currency
i law cannot be induced to push these
measures forward to the exclusion of
other business. -.. > r '
',: DISCUSSION OF TRUSTS.
Reduced representation in Southern
States which have by one form or an
other disfranchised negroes.will.be a
theme of discussion, but not action,
during the winter. The ; Republican
national platform is' interpreted by
some of the more radical members
of the party to call for such reduction
and they will go at the subject from.
[ the beginning. It is well understood
that to bring about anything like a
reduced representation would require
much more time than a three months'
session of Congress which expires by
i limitation.
1 No doubt a number of bills to pro
; hibit or control campaign contributions
will be presented, as that matter be
! came an issue at the close of the re
i cent campaign. Just how it can be
; reached is yet to be ascertained, as
| there are so many ways in which a
| law of this kind can be avoided.
The trusts will receive attention, at
least in debate, although some doubt is
expressed about any effective legisla
tion being passed. Following a cam
paign in which the trusts were made a
vital issue it is natural to expect that
there must be a great deal of talk on
the subject whenever there is an op
portunity.
Interstate commerce legislation in
some form or another Is always pending
in Congress and there may be an effort
to enlarge the powers of the Interstate
Commerce Commission so as to allow
It to fix rates. Railroad in
; terests have opposed and will
; continue to oppose, this measure.
Another pending measure is . to
permit pooling and this is opposed^by
the shippers. With so much contention
there is little prospect that anything
will be done. A bill to amend the law
for the safety of employes of railroads
has been reported and it is expected
that it will pass.
A bill which has agitated Congress
for a number of years providing for
eight hours' work only, on all Govern
ment contracts, no doubt will be report
ed from the Senate Committee on Labor,
which has given much time to hear
ings. A bill of similar character was
lost in the last Congress by being
crowded out by other business. ;.-•
PURE FOOD BILL.
Senator Heyburn of Idaho has given
notice that he will call up the pure
food bill during the first week ef the
session and the friends of the measure
hppe to have it passed. . •
A measure which created a great deal
of interest in the last session and which
no doubt will cause considerable discus
sion if it comes up again is a bill pro
viding for several large camp sites in
different sections of the country, for the
use of the regular army and militia for
drill purposes. The localities most like
ly to get the sites If the bill becomes
a law are energetically pushing it to
the front while disappointed rivals are
opposing it. .■•-:-_■;/■
Senator Fairbanks, who has only
three months to serve as a Senator be
fore he becomes Vice President, and
who as chairman of the Committee on
Public Buildings and Grounds has en
deavored to secure a bill providing a
building for the Departments of State,
Justice and Commerce and Labor, will
try to bring about favorable action on
the bill in the ninety days he is to re
main a national legislator. There. are
other public building bills pending, but
it is not expected any general omnibus
bill will be pushed at this session.
Irrigation has become a permanent
legislative topic. Interwoven closely
with the public land question, it has re
sulted in setting two House committees
by the ears and creating a wide differ
ence of opinion among Senators from
Western States. Several measures in
tended as amendments to the irrigation
law have been suggested and are before
Congress. If the Western men" were
united .they no doubt . could' secure
some legislation, but being divided ibis
quite likely, that nothing /will .be done.
RIVER- APPROPRIATIONS: V
Two years ago in the long session of
Congress a river and harbor appropria
tion bill was passed, but it was omitted
in the session; which ended -last'April.
It is the intention to pass a. bill at; this
session, and the . men having' it : ln I
charge, ; remembering ' that Vf6ur.« 'years I
ago Senator Carter, of Montana talked
a river and harbor bill' to death,': will
make every effort to have it - presented
early and got out of , the way of * an
other sUch contingency. : ' ■.. i •.**■ •v.-vi
,.A, number of bills for Alaska have
come over , from the last ; session," the
most . Important being those; providing
for a Delegate ; from;, the- Territory * and
for governmental aid in building roads, j
Both met with ) serious; opposition" last !
session,; and there. is no'intimationUhat ■
there has' been , a 'change of sentiment |
during the recess.- . , ' -..,— -j
.'» . Bills; to recognize the : consular ser- I
.vice ! have <. been. J reported i ; to*.'^both \
houses,,.but8o', far.^they,. have not.lieen j
popular '.enough to secure a majority I
vote in. either body. < ; i; *:~&??\ : £y'?Z \
, It is . not, yet , known ! whTether* there !
will . be any legislation relatingr'-to; the J
; Panama -canal.; although—it- may, ;b«3 {
necessary: when • SecretarylTaft 'makes '
a. report of ' his .' personal investigation
of" conditions • in . the "canal zone. *. ?f ,"■
■ As s usual, .the ' regrular appropriation
bills '\v\\\ 'contain : legislat 'on" t hat' can
not get'a ' hearing ~ in * 'uriy ■ othec.5 way.
Notwithstanding the' stringent £ru'es
against "riders'^ on appropriation, bills
the short session • is prolific * with "■ such
. riders f or ; claim ; bills,'- land j legislation
and," in fact, all kinds k bt. measure's that
would" fare, badly if . left to (themselves.
NE W^SENATORS ' TAKE! 6 fFlCE.
-. c A"mong other bills Crfipublic interest
pending, in :.the :; Senate " pr^Houee f are
-the followinsr: "^Providins jfor.ithe
POSTAL DEFICIT
TAKES A JUMP
Nearly Nine Million Dollars
for the Year Owing to
Eural Delivery Extension
CHANGES SUGGESTED
Lower Rate for Parcels for
Country Districts and New
Laws io Stop Swindling
| WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— An increase
! of 92.3 per cent in the deficiency over
j the previous year is shown by the
flnancialstatement for the postal serv-.
; ice, incorporated in the annual report
I of E. C. Madden. Third Assistant Post
master General, for the fiscal year, end
ing June 30, l'J04. The report shows, '
: however, that the increase in expendi
tures is en account of the rural free de
livery service. Were it not for this ex
! traordinary expenditure the postal ser
vice would now be about self-sustain
jng. The total' receipts from all sources
for the fiscal year were $143,582,624 and
the total expenditures 5152,362,116, leav
ing a deficit of 58,779,492. The deficiency
for the previous year was 54,560,444.
-Madden says: \
'■ "It is, believed that as soun as the
rural free delivery service is fully es
tablished the increase in^the expendi
tures on account of thaf"service each
year will not be more than the normal
increase for other items of the service,
■ and that within a short time after such
normal conditions obtain the postal ser
vice will be again . self-sustaining, a
condition which has not existed since
1883."
Extension of the rural free delivery
service 'has resulted in an increase of
1125 in the number of postofflces discon
tinued during the fiscal year ending
July 30, 1904, According to the annual
report of J. L. Bristow, Fourth Assist
ant Postmaster General, made public
to-day. During the year there were 2549
post Mces established and 5587 discon
tinued. The principal cause of the in
crease in discontinuances has been the
extension of the rural free delivery ser
vice.
At the close of the fiscal year there
were 71,131 postofflces in the United
States— 265 first class, 1204 second class,
3S96 third clasps and 65,766 fourth class.
The rural mail delivery and the ex
tension by private interests of rural t^l- •
i ephone service have created a demand
from patrons of rural routes for the de
livery of small packages of merchan
dise on an order to local merchants by
postal card, telephone or o-therwlse. The
value of such packages is small and the
present rate of one ce.nt per ounce the
report says is practically prohibitive.
Bristow recommends that Congress
fix a rate of 3 cents per pound or any
fractional part thereof on packages not
exceeding five pounds, mailed at the
distributing postofnee of any rural free
delivery route. .
It is estimated that 5500,000 will be
needed by thfi department to continue
the establishment fof^jrurgi routes as
fflst as they are favorably reported for
the remainder of the current fiscal year.
Bristow recommends to Congress that
the interstate commerce law be amend
ed so as to, prohibit common carriers—
to wit, telegraph and express com
panies, or any of their employes, from
aiding and abetting in green goods or
lottery swindles or any other scheme
carried on partly by mail and partly by
common carrier and which is in vio
lation of the postal laws.
Do You Want a Trunk
At r moderate price? one that looks
good\and is good, or a traveling set? We
have khem in all the best material and
lowest prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
•i-_ *
transportation of naval and other
stores in American built ships; for
the protection of forest reserves and
the creation of additional reserves;
for the payment of $200,000 to ex-
Queen Liliuokalanl; to amend the act
for. the suppression of lottery traffic;
to make liquor transportation by in
terstate traffic subject to the laws of
the State where it is sold.
One day during the. morning ses
sion will be devoted to counting the
electoral vote cast for the President
and Vice President. The ballots of
electors of the different States are sent
to the President pro tempore of the
Senate and on the second Wednesday
in February the Senate with the forty
five ballot boxes, one from each. State,
will . proceed to the- House, canvass
the vote and declare the result. .It Is
an . interesting fact that although all
machinery is provided for the election
of a President and Vice President and
for the official canvass and declaration
cf the vote, no provision is made for
officially notifying . the men elected.
Both President Roosevelt and Sena
tor Fairbanks , will have to take the
proceedings of the joint session of
Congress as their notification of the
result of the recent election.
Two Senators are to take oath of
office. Philander C. Knox, the succes
sor of Senator Quay from Pennsylva
nia, : and W. Murray Crane, the suc
cessor, of Senator Hoar .from Massa
chusetts, both seats having been made
vacant by death since the last ses
sion. Two chairmanships of commit
tees may be filled at the coming ses
sion. The Senate never filled the va
cancy at the head of the Interoceanlc
Canals Committee after the death of
Senator Hanna, and Senator Hoar's
death leaves a vacancy at the head of
the important Committee on Judici
ary. In all . probability Senator Platt
of Connecticut will •" be the acting
chairman of the 'Judiciary, as Senator
Platt of New York has been the acting
chairman of the Canal committee.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo ; Quinine Tablets. Ail
druggists refund the money if it falls to cure.
E. W. Orove't slenature Is on each box. 23c. #
COMMITTED TO ASYLUM.— <">akland, Dec
2. — Daniel J. Andrews : was committed - to the'
Kspa iPdane {Lsylum. to-day by: Judge Ogden
He. is a. plumber and ■ has been there twlce-
Defore. • ' • ....-,-
l*^ . . ' ' . : — +
FREE FREE FREE
WITH V
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
BEAUTIFUL
CUPt
AND
SAUCER.
Free With Every Small Ad in
Sunday; Call.
See \ Small; Ad Page for Further
. . . . . Particulars. ...
TRADE GROWS
BY BIG LEAPS
Dun Reports That Eailways
Are Unable to Handle the
Shipments Offered Them
FEW FAILUEES NOTED
Bradstreet's Weekly Review
States That Conditions
Are Generally Favorable
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— Dun's weekly
review of trade to-morrow will say:
Holiday goods are moving: freely, and
in staple lines there is more activity,
even the products . that are between
seasons finding a fair market. Packing
and shipping departments are increas
ing forces and traffic congestion at sev
eral points indicates that the growth of
business has overtaxed railway facili-
I ties. Earnings of all roads reporting
for November show an average gain of
7.1 per cent over last year.
Weather conditions 1 have favored job
bing and enabled distribution of heavy
apparel and also accelerated
the marketing of new corn, but there
is not sufficient moisture for winter
wheat or coke production. A record
breaking yield of cotton is bringing
prices nearer the point at which normal
I consumption may be resumed, although
there is still much idle machinery at
Fall River.
, Other manufacturing news is most
gratifying. Structural work increases
and car shops are crowded with orders,
while manv idle steel mills have re
sumed.
Foreign commerce at this port for the
last week shows an increase of $2,304;
398 in value of imports as compared
with last year, and a loss of 52,035,171
in exports.
Increased offerings of native steers
at 14 cents by Chicago packers tend to
weaken the tone of the hide market,
although branded varieties were firmly
held and a large advance occurred in
foreign dry hides. Leather is stronger,
with a better movement of sole, and all
upper leather Is higher except glazed
kid. A most sensational advance of 4
cents occurred in the local market for
calfskins.
Commercial failures this week in the
United States are 205, against 214 last
week and 217 last year; In Canada 29,
against 39 last week and 27 last year.
Bradstreet's to-morrow will say: De
velopments have been mainly favor
able. Cooler weather has helped retail
trade, stimulated reorders from Jobbers
and improved collections except in por
tions of the South, where holding of
cotton is ' reported. Heavy dry goods,
clothing, shoes, groceries and hardware
note relatively most activity. Holiday
trade was opened well and promises a
very large aggregate.
Breaks In raw material have tended
to unsettle cotton goods, including sell
ers toward conservatism, and prints
have been "reduced at leading markets.
Failures are fewer in number and in
liabilities the lightest in any month but
one of 1904.
A Guaranteed Cure for Piles.
Itching, Blind, Bleeding or Protruding Pile*.
Tour druggist will refund money It PAZO OINT.
MENT falls to cure you In G to 14 days. 50c:. •
COLONEL SELLERS,
NOTED CHARACTER,
DIES AT RIALTO
LOS ANGELES, Dec 2.— Colonel
Lewis'" Henry Sellers, one of Mark
Twain's famous characters, died . last
night at Hotel Del Rialto at Rialto.
He was stricken suddenly, just after
bidding good-night to his friends and
family, with whom he had spent a
pleasant evening. Colonel Sellers had
come to Southern California to spend
the winter, his home being in Pensa
cola, Florida, to which place the re
mains were shipped this morning.
Dr. Nelson J. Bird Dies.
FRESNO, Dec. 2.— Dr. Nelson J. Bird,
a well known -Ban Francisco physician,
died suddenly in this city at 8 o'clock
to-night at the residence Qf Dr. E. C.
Dunn, whose guest he was. Deceased
was about 71 years of age and was ad
justing surgeon of the Pacific Coast
and Travelers' Insurance Company of
Hartford.
Prominent Democrat Dead.
YORK, Pa., Dec. 2.— Chauncey F.
Black, former Lieutenant Governor of
Pennsylvania and a leader of the
Democratic party, died at Brocks, his
suburban home, near this city, to-day.
For many years Black was a promi
nent figure, at Democratic State and
national conventions.
Was Sent to England by Lincoln.
CAMDEN, N. J., Dec. 2.— James M.
Scovall, a lawyer and former President
of the New Jersey Senate, was found
dead in bed to-day at his home in Cape
May. During the Civil War he was one
of President Lincoln's Commissioners to
England/
Death Enters Royal House.
MUNICH, Dec. . 2.— Prince Frederick
of Hohenzollern, a member of the non
reigning Sigmaringen branch of the
family and a younger brother of King
Charles of Roumanla, is dead.
Embassador Dies in Vienna.
VIENNA, Dec. 2.— The Russian Em
bassador, Count Peter Kapnist, died
this afternoon from an apoplectic
stroke^gS . .
Death of Pioneer Woman.
The announcement was received
here ; yesterday from New York of the
death of Mrs. Margaret Belden, widow
of : the - late Josiah Belden and = mother
of Charles A. and George Belden and
Mrs. George Gibson.. Mrs. Belden
came to California overland with her
parents in 1849 and settled in San
Jcse, the family, home for many years
being on -the . resent; site of the Ven
dome Hotel. Twenty years ago Mr.
and Mrs. Belden, who were married
and reared a - family in , San Jose,
moved to Nevr York, where they had
since ; resided. Many of the old Cali
fornians readilv. recall Mrs. Belden and
will • learn with deep regret her death.
BURGLAR IS SENTENCED.— Frank Wll
llamd, convicted by a \ Jury In Judge Cook's
court on a charge of attempt to commit bur
glary, '■ was : ECTTtenced - yesterday ■ to ...eighteen
months In Ban Qucn 1 1 n. '■ He attempted to
break into the residence of Mrs. Alma Carlson,
3 Kappeler. court, on August 27. _
Talk ' Is ; clieap, ? but ' some' . people " are
naturally? reticent^
CERTAIN WEBER
BOUGHT PISTOL
Pawnbroker Says He Is Now
Sure That He Sold Weapon
to A'ccused. Youth' Last May
I ' - — •
SEES BOY IN HIS CELL
Work of Examining the Wit
nesses Still Occupies the
Attention of Grand Jury
' P >
Special Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN, Dec. 2.— The Grand Jury
is making headway very slowly, and it
probably will be some time next week
before it finishes examining witnesses
in the robbery and murder cases, in
which Adolph Weber is the defendant.
It is believed, however, that they will
bring in an -indictment for robbery
and one indictment for murder. It is
probable the jury will indict Weber
for the murder of his father. He is
now held on the charge of killing his
mother. : r »v. ?--:;.
. Lichtenstein, the Sacramento pawn
broker, was'in Auburn to-day and took
another look at the prisoner. He is
now positive that he sold Weber the
bank robber's pistol at his place of
business on May 17 last. The bank was
robbed May 26. Lichtenstein identified
the pistol, a 22-callber weapon, soon
after It was found under the brush on
the hillside below Auburn.' .*'
'The officers are very quiet just now,
and It is believed they have sufficient
evidence to convict young Weber on
both charges. They claim they have
•valuable testimony which will not be
made known until the trial. What the
prisoner's defense will be is hard to
tell. Weber himself intimates that he
will prove an alibi in both cases.
The accused boy laughs at the idea
that his plea will be insanity. Some
one remarked to him the other day
that if they were in his quarters very
long they would go crazy. Weber re
torted, "I'm not going to let myself go
crazy, never fear."
Weber still maintains his bold front.
His demeanor has changed but little
since his confinement. He is impudent,
sullen and defiant. His health is good.
He even looks better than he did a
week ago. He is less shifty and ner
vous. He answers one's questions by
asking another. If your interrogations
do not suit him he curls up the corner
of his lip and grins. When he sleeps
or lies down in his hammock he al
ways draws the coverings over his
head. When awake he writes a good
deal and has promised Sheriff Keena
and Coroner Shepard to write a book
of his life. For a diversion he whistles
a good deal, principally at night. He
never sings or shrieks, as has been
claimed
Before answering a hard question or
doing anything by which he Imagines
he can be Injured he puts his face in
his hands and thinks a minute. The
other day. when Under Sheriff May
announced that he was wanted before
the Grand Jury, Weber deliberately
got up from where he was sittlnfc writ
ing a letter, went to his hammock, got
into it, pulled the clothes over his head
and remained silent for at least five
minutes. He then announced his read
iness to go.
In an interview with Coroner Shep
ard and in reply to the question if he
ever thought of the hereafter Weber
replied:
"I think a great deal more than any
one has any idea. Because I do not
cry people imagine I have no concep
tion of my. position." .
Weber has been humored too mucn
in jail, as he was at home: but from
now on he will be accorded rcant cour
tesy. To-day he attempted to .give
orders to Jailer Fulton. When Fulton
took his dinner to him on a tray Weber
said Impudently: "Take it into the
forward cell."
"Take it in yourself," said Fulton, as
he put the tray at the prisoner's feet.
Weber's guardian, John Adams, vis
ited his ward this morning. He brought
the boy a paper- covered book on palm
istry and several pictures cut out of
the daily papers. Weber wants all the
pictures that the newspapers have
published, particularly those of him
self. Sheriff Keena handed him one
the other day. Weber threw it away,
saying it looked like a death mask.
JURY'S VERDICT ACQUITS
COURT MARTIAL CONVICTS
TACOMA, Dec. t 2.— Northwest mili
tary circles are somewhat stirred over
the trial by a military court at Van
couver of Private Fred R. Stubbs after
he was recently tried at Tacoma on
the charge of murder and "-acquitted.
During the American Lake encamp
ment last July Stubbs while intoxicat
ed quarreled with and fatally shot Pri
vate "Tom" Vandiver. He pleaded self
defense and was acquitted In the Supe
rior Court. The military authorities then
took the matter up and brought Stubbs
before a military court at Vancouver
which found him guilty and sentenced
him to five years in prison and to be
dishonorably discharged from the
army.
-The military court was" 1 not satisfied
with Stubbs' acquittal here, fearing
such action would establish a precedent
that might cause members of the army
to value life too cheaply. Stubbs'
friends hope to obtain his release on a
writ of habeas corpus and again take
him before the State court. They con
tend that the military authorities had
no right to try him after he had been
acquitted by. the State court.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Mil Humors
Are impure matters which the skin,
liver, kidneys- and other organs can
not take care of without help, there is
such an accumulation of them.
They litter the whole system.
Pimples, boils, eczema and other
eruptions, loss of appetite, that tired
feeling, bilious turns, fits of indiges-
tion, dull headaches and .many, other
troubles are due tothem.
Hood's Sarsqparllld
and Pills
Remove all humors,- overcome all
their effects, strengthen, lone and in-
vigorate the whole system. .
TestlmonlaU.of remarkable cures, mailed on
reou.«t. L C; I.- HOOD CO.. Lowell. Maaa.
POWER PLANT
IS FIRED ON
Attempt Made in This Way
to Force the Mines at
Zeigler to Close Down
SHOTS FILL THE AIR
Guards Compelled to Seek
Cover to Escape Terrific
Fusillade From the Woods
DUQUOIN. 111.. Dec. 2.— Guards at
the Dyle blockhouse, half way between
the town of Zeigler and the pumping
stations, which are more than two
miles apart, were driven to cover
shortly after midnight by an attack
from the woods, in which about fifty
shots were fired.
The attacking parties seemed- to have
centered their forces directly on the
pumping station. It Is from thl3 plant
that all the power which operates the
Zeigler mines is obtained and If the
attackers should succeed in destroying
this it wculd shut down the mines com
pletely. mESS
SPRINGFIELD. 111.. Dec. 2.—Govern
or Yates made a statement to-day that
he has not the slightest intention of
declaring martial law at Zeigler and
that an interview credited to him in
timating such an intention is false.
President Keeps Hands Off.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.— President
Roosevelt to-day informed a delega
tion representing the Amalgamated
Association of Iron, Steel and Tinplate
Workers that he saw no way by which
he properly or legally could interfere
to bring ab^jt a settlement of the
strike of the union employes of tha
Carnegie Steel Company of Youngs
town and Glrard, Ohio.
• m •
Mints Break the Record.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— The Direc
tor of the Mint In his annual report
shows that the output of the coinage
mints at Philadelphia. San Francisco
and New Orleans, which were in oper
ation throughout the fi3cal year, was
the largest on record. It is estimated
that the gold stock of the world in
use as money on December 31. 1902.
was approximately $5,600,000,000, of
which about one-half is visible in
banks* and public treasuries.
Woman's Body Found in Surf.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 2.— The body of
an unidentified woman was found in
the surf about three miles south of
Playa del Rey to-day. The woman was
well dressed and wore kid gloves, a
green tie, striped waist and dark dress,
and was apparently about 40 years of
age. The body had apparently been
in the water about two days. Theje
were no mark3 of violence on It.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hmoss-mier M
MC0MPANy(i
w 1 1. Begs to announce the I iW//
\\l/*f °P enin * °* their new W
\W/ store on Monday, De- pi
Ujif cember 5, presenting a w L
Mnf carefully selected as- iyj//
Ay// sortment of the highest \ fjL
WA grades of Gentlemen's • ¥/
AV/// Haberdashery and 1/
Mil LI clothing. kitf '
\W/jf A specialty will be \Upf
\W/f made 0/ the world's fa~ \ (7/
\|// tnous F. B. Q. hand- All
\H made Clothing, distin- t If
IP guished for its style and • |
11 quality. I
(( 622 MARKET 3TRECT »
\^ \yhite building » J)
AUTOMOBILE
BARGAINS
Large Machines for Sale at Small
" Prices.
WINTONS and TOLEDOS
AUTO LIVERY CO.
Automobile Experts
SALES, HIRE and REPAIRS
Phones South 1152 and South 66
1185 MARKET STREET
YOUR FORTUNE
Lies not in your stars, but in yourself,
and not the least Important 13 your per-
sonal appearance.
•Improve" it by every means possible—
chlefest of which la your laundry work
from our hands, which means laundry
perfection.
UNITED SOTS LAUNDRY
1004 MARKET STBEET. /
seal euhon • ' South • -*** 0 /■ •LOVED MEMBER LOST
TO THE STAGE.
Death Calls Mrs. George Henry Gilbert
MRS. GILBERT.- OLDEST ACTRESS
• OX THE AMERICAN STAGE,
tVHO DIED TESTEBDAY.-
• CHICAGO, Dec. 2.— Mrs. George Hen
ry -Gilbert, the oidest actress on the
-VJE£'ricai> stage, died in her rooms at
the. Sherman House to-day, shortly af
• J.er. ■ _she. had suffered a stroke of
apoplexy/' "• " .^'"'
-.\Tfre-, apoplectic stroke came while.
MrsI 'Gilbert was alone with her maid.
.The tr.a.id first -sought to lift her on to
a.' couch, but realizing that Mrs. GI1
tJerr/s' 'attack was a grave one, the maid
jeft. her where she had fallen and sum
mofied the house physician, who re
sponded - immediately to the calL He
pronounced- the condition of Mrs. Gil
•bert- critical- Other physicians were
summoned and they were unable to
rarcuse Mrs. Gilbert from the death
like-stupor into which she had sunken.
* The ! end * came without a struggle.
There was a smile on the aged worn
-&n's . face as sb.e breathed her last.
' A b&ut her .with tear-dimmed eyes stood
her rn.Tid. Mrs. Mae Garrett Sweeney,
■1'arry Powers, Frank Aiken, manager
of- the .theater and the attending physi
cians. • Three hours before her death
the . noted actress had risen and de
clared- - ehe intended to devote the day
to. Bhoppi-ng. .
• "I must get out and buy Christmas
'presents for the child actors and ac
>resses of New York." she said to her
maid. ■
."But,. Mrs. Gilbert." explained the
Kirl, "it is snowing."
"What does a girl of my .age care for
fnow?" replied Mrs. Gilbert, and she
went to. take her usual cold bath — a
tiath-as cold as the natural temperature
of the water 'could afford. As she
.emerged from the bathroom she said
•the soap which began its
sale in the 18th century,
. said all through the 19th
and. is selling in the 20th.
• ' . Sells all over the world.
!.^^\Every : Woman-
SSj -^ 1 M','^- \\\\ it interested «nJ ihould kooir
-,^*JT ••>§! VII MARVEL Whirling Spray
lV «^iS^ir5vV>lThe new »«r»««l VH"**- Jttfec-
t'oriaKdUvrium. Bwt— haf-
V.%v-t»/^sps_-J! | -Jloil ConTenient.
t T" r *r«r»'«l *•» It. \i fwL -^~*^*
h»r»nnoi supply the V ■ FP&r'Zr?SZZ r 2r^
:jt. tun •■•ii'l tiAmji lor ?fe. r^/ / / -V"
astrawwi book-«»iJ»4. It elm \" !V / '•■'■'$*/
11 piirticHlAri and direction* In- li'H I Jm
lcaT>l* «o I vl:e« 51 A HV IX COJ^J- .'. ■ M
\yarV. 1 1 o \t , X e w I or k. *£dJJ,'(l(/lW
XSZ New Mont«uniery. San Francisco, CaL
William Matteroth (Ladies' Depc), 224 Butter
,Urjion Dm* Co.. 400 Butter and 100 Stockton*
Os?ood. Brothers... 7th and Broadway, Oakland
BaJfl»-ia Pharmacy 119 Ellis
{carters) cure sick headache -
l|pnTiE Gcmnna Must Bear
j| IVER Fac-Simile Signature
gi PILLS. jVn —
MEltANDWOMEIt.
<£^2JlK!ci£E!»>5p3 Ci« Blf O f or ontnteral
dSrtSjT (a 1 1* • 4*r»/CH dlichargM.lDflaium&tlont,
JQEkf OmanMMd ■ Irritations or slceratiosa
ffa»Jf <>ot u (trtotan. of mucous membraoaa.
F Tl t-mm* c»«u**««. Palo'iet*. and not MtrlB<
gJiTlTKEETmCHEIKICUCO. I ent or polionoue.
lSfHt ClH«IRIUTl,O^Sa ««ld by Drac«lata,
w&Xk v, b. 4> jti&k or • ent ' B P' ttn wr»Pt*»>
JBiSJsw^ br express, prepaid, lot
VvS^SidSRni tl jOO. or t betUet ea.7A.
* ■* Clroola/ test OB rvsoesi
to her maid: "Please call Dr. Owens, I
feel 111; the lights look strange and it
is growing dark."
A spasm seemed to seize Mrs. Gilbert
and suddenly she became unconscious.
Just as the clocks were striking 12 Mrs.
Gilbert died.
Mrs. Gilbert has been accustomed to
taking cold baths every morning, but to
a person of her age the physicians say
this was too strenuous. Death was
due to cerebral apoplexy. The attack is
said by the attending: physician to have
been due directly to the shock of the
com water bath. ,- ;>
>
STARTS TO TOUR COUNTRY
Actress Assures the Management of
Her Good Health.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2. — Mrs. Gilbert
was the star of the play "Granny,"
written for her by Clyde Fitch. The
company was organized by Charles
Frohman and was put before the pub
he as a tribute to Mrs. Gilbert's long
career on the stage. Mrs. Gilbert
played "Granny" for three weeks in
this city and when she started to tour
the country it was the Intention to
present the play in every city where
she had played during her career and
at the conclusion of the long trip she
was to retire from the stage.
The ovation to Mrs. Gilbert upon
her appearance at New York at the
first night of the play was a remark
able and pathetic one and the old lady
was overcome by the warmth of her
greeting. Fears were entertained at
that time that Mrs. Gilbert was not
strong enough for the long tour, but
she assured the management of her
good health and the trip was started.
» —
WINS I/ATTRELS ON TILE STAGE.
Success Crowns the Conscientious Ef
forts of Mrs. Gilbert.
Mrs. George Henry Gilbert was born
at Rochdale, Lancashire, England, Oc
tober 21, 1821. Her maiden name was
Anna Hartley. Her father was Henry
Hartley, a journalist, who died when
she was but 15 years of age and she
soon after entered upon the career in
which she was to become so beloved
and famous.
Mrs. Gilbert began as a ballet dancer
at the Ballet School of Her Majesty In
the Haymarket Theater. London, un
der the instruction of the great Tag
honi, taking minor parts In the theater
to pay for her lessons. .
She followed this line in London and
on Norwich circuits until 1849, when
she came to America with her hus
band, George Henry Gilbert, a well
known London ballet dancer of the
time, to whom she was married in
1646. Her husband died in 1863.
Mrs." Gilbert continued as a solo
dancer, achieving great success, espe
cially in "La Cigale." until 1S57, when
she decided that her forte lay in the
character of old woman and she at
once took up that line of playing.
From her first essay in that work
as Lady Creamly. in "The Serious
Family," down to the very 'last, she
played old woman parts with a finesse
and genuine sympathy never sur
psjssed by any actress on the,English
speaking stage. She was identified In
the public mind with the typical grand
dame, the gentle elderly spinster, the
grandmother and more especially the
mother-in-law of stagedom.
In 1869 Mrs. Gilbert joined Au
gustin Daly's company, with which she
remained until, his death In 1899.
Although Mrs. Gilbert was long
known to the public as one of "Daly's
Big Four" — the others being Ada Re
han, James Lewis and John Drew —
Daly was " not the one who first
brought her out In New York. He
only dlsctrrered her after Mrs. Woods
had brought her there from the West
Daly's death was a real bereave
ment to Mrs. Gilbert. His theater had
become her home 'and he her warm
friend for thirty years. She' accepted
an offer from Charles ' Frohman and
began a new chapter in her long. life
story. She Joined Annie Ruesell, who
was then playing "Miss Hobbs." and
continued with the little "star until
quite • lately, winning warm love and
affection wherever and to whatever
she appeared. -V
In. 1901 Mrs. Gilbert published her
"Reminiscences," which ' ' " attracted
widespread , attention, ' not ■ onlyj on' ac
count of the beloved authoress herself,'
but for the value of "dramatic history ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO ;GALL, -/SATURDAY^ DECEMBER 3, 1904.
ACCUSERS OF
POLICE SHI
THE HEARING
Continued From Page 1, Column 2.
learn just what these "Incidentals"
might be, .-they joined in the hearty
laugh.
Some idea of the enormous prolits
accruing to ' this gambling-house was
gained by the translation of a few
pages from another book showing the
daily income. As the interpreter had
unfortunately left his duplicate calen
dar at home he could not reconcile the
Chinese dates with the American cal
endar, so it was impossible to make a
comparison as to the profits while the
injunction preventing police interfer
ence was in force and the earnings
after it was dissolved. The earnings
vary from $635 per day to $35. In all
the long list of dates read oft* the club
lost money but three times. On one
occasion it came out $290 -to the bad.
on another $95 and another $65. To off
set this here are a few items of daily
profit taken in rotation: $470. $365. $360.
$65. $3S3. $245. $635, $35, $230. $320. $400.
$215, $90 and $120. The interpreter
promises to bring bis calendar with
him to-day that comparisons can be
made. The amount of the daily earn
ings in a single club came as a surprise
to every one. ,
The names of R. A. Crothersand
Fremont Older were then called and
Attorney HIckey arose to announce
that they were not present and would
not be present, but that he represented
them. He objected to the form of sub
pena and questioned the right of the
Commissioners to Issue it. His clients
also stayed away for two other rea
sons, he said. In the first place, Com
missioner Hutton had proved the
charges that gambling was being car
ried on in Chinatown and, in the sec
ond place, as the names of Commis
sioners had been coupled with a cor
ruption fund it would be ridiculous to
present the charges before them and
have them sit as judges of their own
case. He deemed the paper served
merely a request, which request his
clients declined to comply with.
This gave Ruef the opening he had
been seeking and in one of the most
scathing speeches ever heard before
th»» Commissioners he denounced the
two newspaper men, not only condemn
ing them for failure to appear, but also
attacking their characters.
RUEF IS EMPHATIC
"This paper was not a mere request,"
he said, "but a subpena in proper form,
and it does not lie with them whether
they shall come here or not. They are
afraid to come.- They have the priv
ilege of hiding behind a defense which
permits them to blacken other people
by innuendo. They are malicious liars,
libelers and cowards and I defy them
to come forward with one scintilla of
evidence to prove the charges they
have made are true
"They have attacked the Mayor, but
he will make no excuse. He stands
ready to meet them and will not skulk
behind a technicality, as these curs are
doing. I do not want to investigate the
Bulletin, as its editors have said, but
as they alone seem, to know who is
profiting by the alleged wrongdoing
they should be only too willing to come
here and tell even without beink asked.
I move you now that warrants be is
sued for their arrest for contempt.
Possibly a night in jail might teach
them that It is not wise to attack men
far and away their superiors." -
Attorney Hickey objected to the per
sonal tone of Ruef's remarks and said
that the board should not in decency
sit in Judgment on Itself.
This aroused Drinkhouse, who quer
ied excitedly, "Do you mean to say
that if evidence of bribery were
brought before this board we would
not listen to it?" Hickey said he be
lieved the board would, but did not
think It the "proper tribunal to hear
such a case." .
"What is the proper tribunal? asked
Ruef.
"You km>w as well as I do, was the
retort. • _ '
"Well, I'll make a straight offer to
you," said Ruef. "Let the Bulletin
put In plain language, without guard
ing it by legal technicalities, the
charges it has made in a covered way,
print them to-morrow night and in
twenty minutes I will have a warrant
out for their arrest on a charge of libel
and they can select any Judge they
may choose to try the case."
The debate was becoming somewhat
heated when Commissioner Howell
poured a little oil on the troubled
waters. He advised Hickey to see that
Older and Crothers appeared before the
Commissioners at 2 o'clock this after
noon, otherwise citations would be is
sued for their arrest. - - ,,.
An adjournment until the hour
named was then taken. ,
CHINATOWN WELL. WATCHED.
Chinatown is now completely under
police control and no effort has been
made to open any of the gambling
houses since . they were closed two
nights ago. All doors are barred,
lights are out and the lottery Joints
refuse to admit- customers. Sergeant
J B Cook has been energetic in or
ganizing his squad of twenty-four men
and explaining to them the methods
to be pursued in their work. At no
time will the district be without police,
as Cook has divided his squad, into
three sections and each will take a
regular eight-hour watch.
Chief Wittman yesterday detailed
Corporal William Ross for duty .: in
Chinatown. He will relieve Sergeant
Cook during the watch from midnight
till 8 a. m. This now makes a sergeant,
a corporal and twenty-four men de
tailed for duty to look after Chinese
gamblers and lottefy^men.y;
Christmas Leather Goods.
No charge for lettering your name in
gold on pocketbooks, card cases, cam
eras; wrist bags, .traveling sets, trunks,
valises Rnd dress suitcases or any, other
fine leather goods purchased at our store.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street,-*
and Incidents covering the sixty-eight
years of her career.
1 She was last in San Francisco in
1901 with Annie Russeir in "A Royal
Family" and the reception accorded
her here was a- moving, testimony to
the hold that the venerable lady still
had on the public.
FREE FREE FREE
WITH
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
A '
BEAUTIFUL
CUP
AND
SAUCER.
Free With' Every Small Ad in
Sunday. CalL >
See Small Ad ; Page^ for Further
Particulars.
CZAR GIVING UP HOPE OF
HOLDING PORT ARTHUR
FALL OF FORTRESS NOW EXPECTED
Brave Stoessel May
Be Ordered to
Surrender.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 2.— With
the confirmation of the news that the
Japanese have occupied 203-Meter Hill
and the reports that the Russians
unsuccessfully attempted its recapture,
officials at the War Office are beginning
to prepare themselves for the inevit
able. Golden Hill and Liaoti Hill are
higher and dominate 203-Meter Hill,
but the officials say that if the Jap
anese succeed in mounting heavy guns
upon the latter it probably will be
only a question of days or weeks be
fore the fortress falls. Still there is
not the slightest idea among General
Stoessel's friends that he will surren
der, even if he should be ordered to do
so. ''It is hinted that it is possible that
if the fall of the fortress is shown to
be inevitable the Emperor may direct
its surrender in order to prevent the
unnecessary sacrifice of the remnant
of its brave defenders; but it is be
lieved by those who know General
Stoessel best that he will make good
his threat to hold out to the last man
and last cartridge in Port Arthur.
The ships in the harbor, it can now
be stated on high authority, are in no
condition to attempt to break through
the investing squadron. The guns of
the warships were long ago landed,
and the marines and sailors have been
participating in the land defense. Some
of the ships also have been injured by
shells. , If the fortress falls it is un
derstood the ships will be taken outside
and sunk in deep water in order to
prevent the possibility of their ever
being of service to the enemy.
♦ —
AVOID AN ENGAGEMENT.
Japanese Detachment Withdraws as
:>• Slav. Infantry Approaches.
TOKIO, Dec. 2. — The following re
port has been received from the com
mander of the Japanese troops at
Sienchuang, Manchuria:
"On November 25 a detachment of
our force attacked the position of the
enermy at Fuchialotu and dislodged
it. but on discovering that a large
column of the enemy was advancing
from the rear our detachment stopped
and occupied Machiacheng and vi
cinity.
"In the forenoon of the 26th some
artillery appeared in the direction of
Sanchiatzu and Wanliu. In the after
noon the enemy was gradually rein
forced /from the rear by from three
to four battalions of infantry and eight
guns. Our detachment avoided an en
gagement and rejoined the main posi
tion."
BOLD CRIMES
OF TWO THUGS
Hold Up Owner of Eoadside
House and Traveler Who
Drives Up to the Resort
CHICO. Dec. 2.— Two bold robberies
took place at what is known as the
Ten-Mile House yesterday. Two men
entered the small store conducted there
by John Hollenbeck, a man more than
70 years of age, held him up at the
point of a revolver and relieved him of
his cash. They then tied the old man
up, laid him upon the floor and said,
"We are going to hitch up your horse
and drive to Chico. Do not worry about
the rig. You will find the horse and
buggy at the Chico livery stable."
While the robbers were in the barn
James Garland drove \ up. He was
promptly robbed, as was the old man,
securely bound and laid beside s him
upon the floor. The two men then took
Garland's horse and buggy and started
for Chico.
Garland managed to get loose. He re
leased Hollenbeck and drove to China
svritch, several miles distant, from
where he telephoned to Chico for of
ficers. The officers started for the scene
of the double robbery and when Just
outside the city limits came upon Gar
land's rig. It had. been abandoned by
the robbers. The entire country was
searched, but no trace was found of the
robbers. The officers have but a poor
description of the bandits.
WEDDING OF YOUNG GIRL
CAUSE OF INVESTIGATION
Washington Mothers Aroused Oy Al
leged Disregard of Law by Cana-
dian Ministers and .Officials.
TACOMA, Dec. 2.— Elopements of
American girls under, age living near
the international boundary line have
blcome a terror to parents in that sec
tion. Canadian officials and clergymen
are ' accused j of i conniving at the i mar-,
riage of merechildren without the con*
sent of their parents on- the American
side of the line.
A sensation was sprung at Northport
yesterday when inquiry into i the ab
sence of. 15-year-old: Ethel Sylvester
developed that t!:e had fled across • the
boundary and was married to- Julius
Noesada at Nelson November 22. An
investigation followed and steps will be
taken to punish. those who assisted in
the 'illegal ceremony. : . .i
Several other similar cases have oc
curred in Northern Washington.
DONS »IALE ATTIRE TO AID
HUSBAND V IN ins WORK
Wife , of . Contractor Doffs Skirts for
Trousers arid Apron of a "'
Cnroenter.- *
KAMLOOPS, B. C, Dec. 2.— Clad In
male; attire, with , the regulation car-*
penter's apron ai ">, outfit,' the ar-.bitious
wife of a" local contractor created a'
mild sensation among the workmen em- :
ployed ln\ erection of 'a- dwelling^ house
for which her] husband had the contract
when she appeared ; yesterday morning:
and said she ; would ; go to work." How-,
e ver.^ the would-be * carpenter quit , driv
ing ; nails : at the ; request Sot., the master
mechanic and went home." ..
.Labor: circles 1 are ; now -agitating the
question " as to the rights of i the - fair,
sex to ■ irivade , this particular branch of
trade. V ■,: -. ■ : . ■ , • .. >: ;: . ; , ;.; : .. \. :
MARRIAGE 1JCENSES."— Oakland, D«c.' 2.—
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk: to-day: ,= Stephen- B.' French, 1
30 'and Marlon'. D. > Sterling." 19,-' both ■ of 'Pied
mont; :■:•: Morgan W.--." Jellett, > 37. ;, and Louise
Btubbs,* 28, t both ! of 1 Oakland ; • Joseph i M.~» Bar-^
bree/?over. 21;" Cananea, Mexico.' and Nellie B."
Bnowden.f over 18, Oakland. 1 . ,<- -
Lively Cannonading
in Progress Near
Mukden.
MUKDEN, Dec. 2.— From 2:30 o'clock
this afternoon until late to-night
sounds of a rapid cannonade have been
heard on the Russian southwest front,
such as has not been experienced for a
long time, but no excitement has been
caused by the increase in noise. Gen
eral Rennenkampff, with his cavalry,
is following the retreating Japanese,
giving them no time to occupy a posi
tion. It seems that the Japanese, in
attempting to seize Russian positions,
so extended themselves as to deplete
their reserves. ,
Opinion is divided still as to the
prospects of another big battle before
spring. The report was circulated last
week that if the Japanese made no at
tack by a certain date General Kuro
patkin would" take the offensive. This
date has passed . and still there Is no
sign of a movement on the part of the
Russians who are establishing them
selves in quarters that will answer for
the winter, and accumulating large
supplies^ of food. Fighting continues
on both flanks of the Russian army.
General Rennenkampff 's command be
ing heavily engaged. There is also
brisk artillery firing on the Russian
right and center.
Slejje. Artillery Begins Bombardment.
MUKDEN, Dec. 2, via Peking," Dec.
3.— The Russian siege artillery began a
bombardment at noon In the region
of the railway below Schiatun, a sta
tion near Shakhe. The bombardment
was continued heavily throughout the
afternoon. A large train of sick and
wounded, part of whom were.wound
ed in a recent small fight on the east
flank, went north yesterday, indicating
that the Russians were preparing for
imminent casualties. . ,
Drive Japanese Out of Entrenchment.
ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 2. — Gen
eral Sakharoff reports that a Russian
reconnoitering force attacked the Jap
anese who were entrenched at Lama
turn (Lamatlng) at nightfall on No
vember 30 and drove them out at the
point of the bayonet, pursuing them as
far as the Shakhe River. About twen
ty-five Japanese were bayoneted. The
Russians secured many rifles \and
equipments. The Russians obtained
a similar success on the right wing.
Russian Warships Pass Perim.
ISLAND OF PERIM, Strait . of
Bab-el-Mandeb, Dec. 2.— Twenty Rus
sian warships passed Perlm to-day,
going southward. They stopped an
hour off the African coast and then
proceeded toward Aden.
TANGIER, Dec. 2.— The Russian
auxiliary cruiser Rion, formerly the
Smolensk, and two torpedo-boat de
stroyers have arrived here and- are
coaling. The offl*cers say they expect
to sail to-morrow. *
Slavs Take Japanese Position.
ST. PETERSBURG,, Dec. 2. — Dis
patches received from Mukden, to-day
say that General Rennenkampft's force
on November 30 drove the Japanese
out of a new position southward of
Tsinkhetchen. The fighting was short
and sharp. The Japanese burned
their supply depots in three villages
and retreated, pursued by Cossacks to
the Taitse River. The Japanese lost
fifty killed and 100 wounded.
Manchurian Second Army Arrives.
LONDON, Dec. 3. — TheDally Tele
graph's Harbin correspondent, under
date'of December 2, says: "The greater
part of the Manchurian second army
has already arrived. It is in splendid
condition. General Grippenberg is ex
pected to-morrow, en route to the
front."
Japanese Announce Fatalities.
TOKIO, Dec. 2.— The Imperial
headquarters makes announcement
that seventeen officers have been killed
and sixty-four wounded in' the field,
but does not mention the place. "It is
presumed that it was at Port Arthur.
ZIONISTS VnUj HAVE
FREE HAND IN RUSSIA
Prince Svlatppolk Mlrsky Informs
Them He Will Withdraw Oppo
sition of Government.
ST. PETERSBURG. Dec. 2.— Prince
Svlatopolk-Mirsky to-day received a
deputation of "Zionists. He informed
them that he sympathized with the
move they represented and would
withdraw the Government's opposition.
In the course of time the oldest in
habitant becomes a survivor.
Guns and Rifles Are
Taken From Foe by
Rennenkampff
, ST. PETERSBURG, Dec. 3.— A spe
cial dispatch received here from Muk
den says:
"It is rumored that General Rennen
kampff has captured several Japanese
guns and a convoy with 600 rifles, but
that a force of 40,000 consisting of Chi
nese bandits and a reserve of 8900
Japanese has started to turn Rennen
kampff's flank."
Other advices announce that Gen
eral Rennenkampff has hotly pursued
a Japanese detachment below Sintsln
tin as far as the Taitse River and on
the right Russian scouts have ex
plored the Hun River below Liaoyang.
All the passes fell into Rennenkampft's
hands. The Japanese apparently failed
to show their old-time form, and offi
cial as well as unofficial dispatches in
dicate that the edge has been taken
off the Japanese fighting capabilities
by the cold weather.
There was a heavy bombardment to
day along the Russian center and
right which might indicate that Gen
eral Kuropatkin is preparing to as
sume the offensive. •
Among some of the best informed
officers a suspicion exists that Field
Marshal Oyama is trying to. work
Kuroki around east of Sintsintin with
a view to striking the Russians above
Tie Pass with the object of again try
ing a decisive coup, but no positive
evidence of such a move has yet ap
peared. Reports the last few days in
dicate that General Rennenkampff is
hotly following up the Japanese re
treat, meeting with comparatively lit
tle resistance, but some fear is ex
pressed that he may be running into a
Japanese trap formed with the hope of
cutting off his command. It is believed
he cannot possibly hold a position as
far south as the Taitze River.
CHINESE EDITOR ON THE WAR.
Xsr Poon Chew Gives Opinion of Rus
sian nnd Japanese Governments.
Ng Poon Chew, managing editor of
the Chung Sai Yat Po, the Chinese
daily paper of this city, spoke before
the members of the British and
American Union in the Academy of-
Sciences Hall last nisht on "The Far
Eastern Crisis — Its Cause and Effect
in Relation to China.'' The hall was
crowded and was profusely decorated
with the American and British flags.
President d'Evelyn presided.
The speaker defended Japan in her
course in the Dresent war with Rus
sia and said in part:
Maybe. Japan may be considered pagan, but
it is in name only. She Is Christian as com
pared to Russia. The Japanese Government Is
honest, her statesmen are not corrupt; indeed,
corruption is umfreamed cf by those who con
duct the Japanese Government. Can the same
be said of Russia? So. There It is different.
Japanese statesmen strive ror the good will
and have " the confidence of the people. The
Mikado himself stands for tbe political freedom
of all his subjects.
• Russia has Ions claimed to be the apostle of
Christianity, yet look at and consider the
shameful persecution of the Jews In the city
of Kishinef, -where men, women and children,
aye, and babes, were crying qut for mercy.
These pitiful cries were heard all the world
round and the streets are stained with the
blood of the massacred, and still Russia tell*
us she Is Christian.
- During the- history of Russia's occupancy of
Manchuria the cruelty of her Cossacks toward
the natives is known. Those representatives
were sent by Russia, the apostle ot Christiani
ty. , Rather say the apostle of cruelty, the
scourge and damnation.
As for China, there will be no peace until a
better government shall exist there, a govern
ment for the people and by the people. But
the Japanese-Russian war will work wonders
for China, because It will wake her up and
she will think, and that will be something new.
Her thinking apparatus has got out of gear,
but this war will send a thrill through her
whole system and she will wake. China, with
her 450,000,000. could not dare do what Japan,
with her 42,000,000, has dared to do In her re
sistance against Russian aggression. -
But China will eventually be a great and
grand nation and will enjoy her heritage. She
has a grand future, a future of prosperity, for
they are not all fossils and old fogies there, as
is sometimes thought.
Dr. d'Evelyn announced that a
meeting of the. Pacific Coast branch
of the American conference on Inter
national arbitration with Great Brat
ain and the other powers will be held
next Monday evening at Temple
Emanu-El. Dr. d'Evelyn said that
the British and American Union of
San Francisco was the first body or
ganized for the " pacific purpose of
creating and fostering that sentiment
and which declared' in its preamble
its object to harmonize all relation
ships between the two peoples.
The other factors which have since
created much of the sentiment looking
toward arbitration, said the doctor,
are the Pilgrims' Club of London, the
Atlantic Union of New York and the
Transatlantic of Philadelphia.
MRS. SCHNECK DIES.— Mrs. Sol SchnecJc
died In Mount Zion Hospital last Thursday
night of burns received on August 31 while
lighting a fire with coal oil at her residence.
622 Minna street. She leaves a husband and
three children.
ADVERXT-STCMTCNTS.
'•All roads lead to
Fame," said Golden
Gate, "but I shall meet
queer people as I so.
**Not everyone cares
for high-£rade coffee;'*
some prefer the cheap,
rank kinds. Some-
dealers prefer to handle
bulk goods instead of '
coffee packed in aroma
fight fins.
**Fnx uniform in quality;
I was atied in my native •
country; Pur smooth
flTinfcfng— rfcfc—arranratiiTX
Fm fuR wdiht (honest)..
With all this fax my favor
I cannot f*»O to please.
Tm 'sold on merit.*
merit rdR wfnll**
Xo&tmi fomm w£& GOEDE7T CATS •
COFFEE bat juttiLtctioa. N*
yHrtT — no tii ii Ll i I - — no erode ry.
I ai 3 IK- «rom«-tltfht tin*.. '-
Seiier- snldt far kuUu-
J, A. Folgeir (EL Co*
Sarx Francisco . "
There's Only One Way to
Get the Best of Whisky
And that Is to let it alone. If you try
any other way It will get the best of
you. If you can't let It alone you need
Dr. McKanna's treatment. Dr. McKan-
na cures the »llquor habit by destroying
the desire for liquor and putting' tho
system in its natural condition, where
liquor is not needed to help the machin-
ery of the body to do its work. Dr.
McKanna effects a complete cure In tbfree
days without the use of dangerous hy-
podermics, annoying confinement or ba'd
after effects. Dr. McKanna's treatment,
is absolutely safe and cannot harm' the
most delicate constitution. Why waste
time and money In drinking whisky
when you can be cured of the liquor •
habit in three days with no chance of
failure, no risk and no unpleasantness?
Think it over and call or write Dr. Mc-
Kanna for full Information. Address 14
Geary street. San Francisco. CaL Phona
1037 Main. "
lysUBASCE.
STATEMENT ,
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
FRANKLIN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
f\V Philadelphia.; in the Stata of Penasyl-
V^ vania. on the list day of December, A. D.
1803. and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Ctmmlsaioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and «11 of the Political Code,
eondenaed as p«r blank furnished by thm Com- .
missioner.
Anrount of Capital Stock, paTd u»
In cash $400,000 QO
ASSETS. =====
Real Estate owned by Company..! 234.2CO 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.. 9O.S33 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.. 2,332.245 00
Amount of I.oans secured by :
pledge of Bonds, Stocks and
other marketable securities as
,- ct L n ? ter^ 1 ao.ono oo
Ca^h In Company's office 2.741 33
Cash In banks T6.689 52
Interest due and accrued on Bonda
and Mortgages 1353 47
Premlxims In du« Course of Collec-
tlon 123.437 10
Total Assets ..$3,141,594 44
LIABILITIES. ~~ . , .
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 21.008 73
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense 42,318 83
Losses resisted. Including expenses l.(H9 00
Grcts premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning cne year or less. $327,287 14:
reinsurance 50 per cent 263,<M3 57
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning- more than one year. $757,-
241 21: reinsurance pro rata 337.576 81
Amount reclaimable by the insured
on Perpetual Fire Insurance Poli-
cies 949.660 4«
Commissions and Brokerage due
and to become due 29,854 34
Total Llabllltl-s ..$1,696,503 M
\ INCOME. ~~ ~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $713,977 63
Rec^ivfd for Interest on Bonds
and Mortgages 3,881 10
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds. Stocks. Loens and
from all other sources 1IS.O8« 69
Received for Rents 6,133 64
Total Income ...$S3&.079 04
EXPEJTDTTTntES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $55,973 17. losses of
previous years) J330.35B 00
Dividends to stockholders 80,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 171,522 TO
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, elerks, etc.. 33,683 30
Paid for State, National and Local
Taxes 21.849 T5
All other payments and expendi-
ture ...!?:........... 0C524 43
Total Expenditures $753,937 47
Losses Incurred during, the year.... $334, 088 33
Rliks and Premiums. ( Fire Risks. I Premiums.
Net amount of risks f
Net amount of risks
ySr"^.??'.^ «M1*«I SO4.M.63
105.651.253 1.224,963 S>
" '■ J. W. MCALLISTER, President.
E. T. CRESSON. Secretsry. ,
Subscribed and sworn to before m«. this
13th day of Jannarr. 1904.
lain w gAM H KIRKPATRICK.
Notary Public
Pacific Coist Dsparimanf, 218 Sansoma St.
Telephone James 7S41.
6E0RSE F.6RANT, Manager.
A. H. TRATHEN, Assistant Haaager.
City Oaparimant, 20 Montgomery Sh
6. H. UMBSEN & CO.; Resident Igents.
Ttl«phcs9 Private Exchange 300.
34
BUSY BURGLARS
ARE CAPTURED
• Five Suspects Locked Upj
• in the City Prison Within
■: th<$?pace of Twelve Hours
OXKFIGllTS HIS VICTIM
'."Grimes Committed by Quin
)'-^tct ..of Offenders in Dif-'
• .fereht. Parts of tlic City
Th? police were unusually active early
. -yfSteccTay fn the rapture of burglars.
:' ,I"ive m«»n charged with that offense
were booked at th«* City Prison. They
were" SKrested iu different parts of the
'.. Shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday
•morning Policeman H. C. Schmidt saw
tliree men crossing Steuart street hur
,.'- Tiedly, He commanded them to atop,
' bet they started to run. He fired a shot
Inr. the air and one of the trio stopped.
"• Schmidt paw him drop a bundle that .
contained elx boxes of cigars. The man ■
.*" £aye the name of Timothy Hui-st, u
■. sailor. Schmidt discovered that a clffar
' etore ' at Folsom and East streets
" ha'd . - been • entered. After book- 1
.irrg "Hurst on & charge of burglary'
Schmidt made a search and in a vacant ■
."lot »t fiteuan and Folsom streets he I
• found- eight boxes of cigars, a box of j
' tobacco and a niekel-in-the-slot ma
chine, which the two burglars who es- J
" " caped had dro japed- i
' ' About A o'clock yesterday morning Spe- I
". cial Officer John J. Fiannagan noticed!
:"•. that _vh?. cigar stand of F. Wi Meyer's;
•• grocery and saloon, Geary and Deviea- ;
■ -dero streets, had been forced open. The \
. -.place" was opened and George Uross, a j
. former bartender, wag found in the eel- '
la-r. Groes admitted that it had been
• his •second trip to the place and that on
; t.he first occasion he had stolen $4 50
/•'from a nickel-in-the-slot machine and
". .had h.idden the money. He took them:
..to "where it. was hidden and it was re- |
. covered and booked as evidence. Gross j
.'•.•■was charged with burglary.
:.. ■ Charles W. Wadleigh. 106 Eddy street. :
.' •■w.asawakeTied about 4 o'clock yester- ,
'..• day'morning by a noise in his bedroom.
; '.' Tjie'ffa's -was blazing and he saw a man
'rummaging through his bureau draw- ■
■' ers. ' .'"Soon the intruder fled. Wadleigh
"-dressed .himself and ran out of the
frpust.- H.e saw Albert Crane on the
. rtrjeet and accused him of stealing his
• 'told, watch and chain. Crane struck,
.-. Wadleigh and knocked him down. Wad.
' •Scish f £rang to his feet and was getting
.the'bftter of the fight when Sergeant
• Shaw and Policeman Sullivan appeared.
. -■ They-' searched Cranp and found the
'Ctbtea watch and chain In his posses- :
: firm. -He was booked on a charge of
■ .' bufjrlary. ' .
■G. H. Latkman r/as arrested yester
• d"ay by Detectives O'Dea and Mulcahy
, '-and; Policeman Mclntyre on three
•^fharse? of burglary. .He is accused of:
the rpome of A. Gomez ajid
. .Gebr;e - Moran at 73 Third street and
tinalinff* clothing and other articles. :
•He is also accused of entering the room
. of'-Kd McArthur at 156 Fourth street
". • pnd .^tt-aling a gold watch and chain
• '.and clothing. AH the articles have been
. recovered. O'Dea and Mulcahy also ar-
r i-ested i Charles Miller on a charge of
JjurRJarV. He is accused of entering the
-. T.<»$:iaence of Mrs. A. Olson, 1217 Post
. strpft. 'apd stealing a valise containing
. ;clething.
CIVIL; 8ER VICE COVERS
'-• ■ ' CUSTOMS OFFICIAL
■Jill but Few Who Are Heads of De
'•'■: $arfxhents Hold Positions for .
'.-..- tifp while Faithful.
0 .When. CuFtems Collector Stratton
; '-1ras- notified a few days ago that the
. •- o-ftU'e-of special deputy collector held
.• "TSy ■'•William. B. Hamilton had been in
. 'flt*ded ta the civil service there was
•' tonj* ddubt whether other deputies in
. the" custom-house had been included
./also' in the order of the Civil Service
.'Commissioners. In order to ascertain
.■'ft-fcat. ivas tlie full scope of the change
'.-Deputy Customs Surveyor Chauncey
I'M: St, John telegraphed an inquiry to
vWashlngtori. D. C, and received a re
-'• Ply yesterday. It was from Milton E.
lAjl.es.. ex-Assistant Secretary of the
-.Treasury, and' conveyed the informa
tion that the positions held by Depu
•ty.-Cus.toms Surveyor St, John, Deputy
1 Naval Officer E. T. Maslin, Cashier
'.Cfem Perkins and Special Deputy Wil
•'.lianv B. Hamilton had been placed in
•\the civil service. Everything now in
. the, custom-house is protected by the
; ..'clcil. service excepting the offices held
-..by Customs. Collector Stratton, Naval
• pfljpex Irish, Customs Surveyor Spear,
".Appraiser Dare, Examiner of Drugs
Dawson and the special treasury
•.agents. ; .
Merit Shop Runners I>scapc.
■ Meat shop runners David Crowley.
James Sinnot, F. H. Fink Jr. and Wil
liam Clark were discharged yesterday
by United States Commissioner Hea
ceck.^the prosecution having failed to
prove its casse. They had been charged
with boarding the Dutch ship Europa
b^fdre that vessel had been complete
ly moored. Captain Bona has been
fined. $100 by Customs Collector Strat
tcin for allowing the men to go on
hpard, •
Servians to Give Dance.
. '.The Servian. Montenegrin Literarj
• . and Benevolent Society will give it«
; twenty-fourth annual ball to-night ai
Union Square Hall. 421 Post street
.All -tickets admit ladles free. Tht
. : grand .march will begin at 8:30.
-.. . 'SMITH CHARGED WITH MURDER — A
. <?crori<rs Jury brought In a verdict of murdfi
yesterday -Kainst Jo**-ph Smith, who blew of!
• the -top -of Jowph McGoTran'e head with a
*hot*Mii at 2»e» MlMlon street on Nov^mfcei
2«. Npthlnr new was brought out at the ln
. quest.
.; ; BCOTTS E3IULSIOX.
: % . "WASTING AWAY
[ • It's the small but constant
Joss- of flesh that indicates
•physical waste — the gradual
'.slipping away of healthy flesh,
pound by pound, which no
"ordinary food seems to re-
store. Scott's Emulsion will
restore it This Emulsion is
the greatest flesh builder ob-
•tainable. Scott's Emulsion
first stops the wasting— that's
one gain. Then when it sup-
plies new flesh and takes" one
.back to normal strength and
weight, that's another gain
and a big one.
i '- i ' - ■ . "
W.Hiad'yMt'aaflt.'he ■'•
500TT ft *0W« E, V* r>tri StmL Ktw York.
WANTONLY SMASHES
LIFELIKE PICTURE
OF MOTHER-IN-LAW
WIFE HEROICALLY STRUGGLES
TO PRESERVE TREASURE;
Husbrnd's Act Leads Him Into a Police Tribunal
II Y JAMES C. CRAWFORD.
\.. :» !»*• picture d*a!fr entered the
mydttu i.tjiieOf Mr. and Mrs. J. Cas
tiglionis. en th<* second floor of 266 Ritoh
street, and held up for their joint in
spection a life-size crayon portrait
framed in cream and gold the wife
manifested rapture and the husband
looked puzzled.
"My!" exclaimed Mrs. Castiglionis,
clasping her hands ecstatically. "1 think
it's just splendid; Don't you, dear?"
The picture dealer, to whom the query
was not addressed, nodded an afflrma-
j tive, probably because Mr. Castiglionis
j neglected to respond. ,
"And such a likeness!" the lady ejac
; ulated. "Did you ever see such a per
! feet resemblance?"
Mr. Castiglionis, still gazing sus
piciously at the counterfeit present
ment, muttered: "Great. "Whose mug
i is it?"
1 The picture dealer frowned and Mrs.
; Caetiglionis gasped. "Whose?" she
'stammered. "Why, how can you stand
: ! there and ask such a thing? Just aa
:! if a blind. person couldn't see that it's'
mamma."
Mr. Castiglionis' doubt abruptly van
ished. "Mamma, hey?" he Inquired,
i surveying the portrait with unfavorable
eye. "And how much am I expected to
pay for mamma?"
Ere the picture dealer could answer
Mrs. Castiglionis, with illy concealed
trepidation, twittered: "Oh, it's too
1 cheap for anything. When you see it
I hanging In the sitting-room and think
of what we've paid for it, you'll—"
"How much?" implacably repeated
Mr. Castiglionis.
"Six dollars and a half," said the
! picture dealer.
"Take it away before I break it," said
Mr. Castiglionis, stretching forth a
menacing hand.
•-"Touch It if you dare, you stingy
brute!" shouted Mrs. Caetiglionis,
grasping the picture.
"Your mamma, indeed!" yelled Mr.
Castiglionis, seizing the fragile thing,
wrenching it from the lady's clutch and
plunging one of his heavily booted feet
through it. . "Mamma, indeed! That's
what I'll do with mamma's likeness,
and would like to do with mamma her
self!" And he hurled the demolished
portrait out of doors.
Police Judge Conlan, before whom
Mr. Castiglionis was accused of mali
cious mischief by the picture dealer,
L». Shenker, proposed a compromlsee,
but it. was mutually rejected. The de
fendant claimed that Intrinsically the
picture wasn't worth 50 cents, and he
wouldn't take that number of dollars
and allow it to be added to his art col
lection. Mr. Shenker, on the other
hand, declared that the frame alone
was cheap at the price he asked for the
entire outfit, and he couldn't think of
accepting one cent less than that price.
"Then," said his Honor, "I must dis
miss the case."
1 Mrs. Castiglionis was too grief-strick
en to testify.
• •"■-"•
Fred J. Chase, a cigar dealer, con
versed over a ten-party telephone line
with Miss Violet :Posener. of 373 Hayes
street, and G. W. Ledyard of 365 Hayes
street "rubbered In" and regaled himself
I with the young folks' exchange of lan
j guage. After Mr. Chase had rung off
j Mr. Ledyard rung up Miss Posener and
J eaid things to her which impelled her
to inform Mr. Chase that she had been
grossly insulted, whereupon Mr. Chase
enlisted the "aid of his churn, "Jack"
Curtis, and proceeded to Mr. Ledyard's'
resfdence. called him to the door and
soundly thrashed him. ■ ■ . ■ ■-.'
That's how the story was told "to
- Judge Fritz, beforei whom Messrs.
Chase and Curtis w T ere charged • with
battery by Mr. Ledyard. .The complain
ant said the defendants' first requested
him to apologize, which he did, 'and
then they most ferociously assailed him. j
Miss Posener has been eubpenaed to
testify next Tuesday.- • •
• • -■' *
"What's the use of me saying any
thing?" inquired P. H. Ashman when
asked to explain why he stole a patent
clock from a bowling alley, in which he
was employed as a setter-up of. ten
pins. "You see, I'm a 'hypo fiend,' "he
contmued, "and you wouldn't believe
anything I would say. But I 'don't
blame you. for that, because I don't be
lieve myself half the time."
Judge Mogan pronounced him guilty
of petty larceny.
• • - •
Attorney J. D. Grady eo far forgot the
deference due the dignity of Judge Ca
banlss* court as to lose . his temper in
a lottery. case and call Attorney Jacob
1 Meyer a double-blanked liar. The* Judge
promptly pronounced the excited plead
er guilty, of contempt and as promptly
fined him $20.:
"I was too abrupt, your Honor, and I
! apologize to the court for my unseemly
language," said Grady. '
"Then the fine is reduced'to $10," raid
the Judge., "and if you- haven't the
rir.^ncy I will permit you to go out and'
getlt.- :.}*• ■: ,:': ; • ;.".-..- •
1 The concession ;, was acdente3,' and
-i.,.» r.r B rf« re&ntUored -with. th» HO
THE SAN FRANCISCO GALL; SATURDAY. DECEMBER 3. 1904;
and reiterated his regitt the flue was
reJucetl to $i. .
W. Senaka. a sturdy little Japanese,
was accused of disturbing the peace of
his countrywoman, I. Nateneka, who j
manages . a shooting ---'gallery at
Pine and Duxiont streets. It was his
wont to practice marksmanship in •
Madame Nateneka's establishment, his
putative purpose being to flt himself
for efficient service in the Mikado's
army if he should be summoned to
serve, and the lady. testified that every
time he made, a' poor shot he- swore
strange oaths at himself and incident
ally .hurled insulting epithets at her.
He pleaded provocation, alleging that 1
while he popped at the targets Madame J
Nateneka twitted him on his misses
and broadly hinted that if he ever en
tered the army his shooting* would be
more dangerous to his comrades than
to the enemy, so widely did his bullets
tiy from the direction he intended. In
deed, she insinuated that At would be
safer to stand directly fronting his -rifle
muzzle than to linger behind him.
Judge Conlan will sentence him to
day. • - - -
• •"-"■-. •'*•"■,
Pat Hogan's^ monthly pay day is al
ways hailed with unction, by the fun-,
loving folk resident of the vicinage of
Twenty-second and Kentucky streets,
for Pat Hogan spends a ' considerable
portion of his., salary for ardent spirits
and when under their influence is a
source of Innocent merriment for the
neighborhood. , He is naturally of jocose
temperament, and even while dead sob
er can always be depended upon to say
or do something funny; but when his
inherent humor Is enhanced by liquid
stimulation, no circus clown can equal
him. His employers, a firm of contrac
tors, have become so accustomed to his
infinity of jest that they no longer
consider it derogatory to his usefulness
as a laborer, and his monthly absences
from toil are accepted as a matter of
course. No other man on their pay roll
could do as Pat Hogan does and retain
his job a second month.
Mr. Hogan's periodical lapse occurred
Thursday, when he received his hire
for November, and the- capers he In
dulged in kept the neighborhood in an
alternation of chuckles and screams
until Patrolman McAuliffe, whose sense
of the ludicrous is not of the keenest,
spoiled the fun by running him In.
Completely to enumerate the defend
ant's comicalities, as they were re-
counted by the policeman to Judge Mo
gan, would be an unwarranted trespass
upon space. Suffice it to say that he
cut pigeon wings, pranced- cakewalks,
turned . somersaults, sang ."come-all
yes," gave Imitations . of . various ani
mals and birds and incidentally spent
his hard-earned money, with the free
dom ■ of " a drunken sailor.. It was to
save several feminine spectators from
threatened side-splitting, the policeman
averred, that he hastened Mr, Hogan to
prison:
Hogan's dismissal is likely to be his
sentence to-day.
- .■• • •'•
James Connor, alias "Jimmie the
Pig," waved as a tree sways in a gale
when he stood before Judge Conlan to
be tried for vagrancy, and in response
1 to an inquiry if he. was drunk an em
; phatic negative was uttered.
; "I was as sober as any man could
be." Mr. Connor explained, "when I
; started to come up here, but the twist
ings and turnings. of the stairway de
ranged my physical equilibrium and I
have not had time to regain it. That
corkscrew-like means of - ascent Is
; enough to make, the stoutest man
crooked and, wobbly." ■,
" If a betraying breath had not wafted
from, the defendant to the bench his
. plea of sobriety might have been ac
cepted, tout the Judge sniff ed and then
said:
"I'll give you twenty-four hours in
the lower cells, and I hope i the return
trlp.may take the: kinks -out of your
legs and restore your bodily balance."
■ Miss Edith Hyde.the candy- girl, who
had .Car Conductor L.' O. D.' Alexander
arrested for obtaining a license. to wed
her while he was incumbered' with a
better half, pressed her perjury charge
in Judge Mogan's court Her testi
mony developed no new. facts, other
than that she had quarreled with Alex
ander when he procured the license and
submitted it to her as a peace offering;
which she accepted by promising to ac
company him to the hymeneal altar on
January 1, 1905., The hearing will be re
sumed to-day, when the clergyman who
married Alexander to \ Miss . Callahan
will testify. v
A New Art Gallery
. We have converted our ; picture - roon
into a beautiful' gallery' for the exhibi
tlon : and sale of . moderate priced paint
ings,: water colors., pastels, etchings ant
fine photographs. Inspection -cordfallj
invited. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market
street. - ■-.-■.■> ■■•-.■
. RUNNERS TO BE .ARRESTED.— Warrant
have . been Issued » by ..' United : States Commls
cioner ileacook for the arrest of JV Parent! J
Martin and James Sinnott. water ■ front run
ner».Tfor boarding the barkentlne Bkagltt con
trary to law. - ■ ■ ' - . .. ; ■..■; - ;. ■-..« ■■;,
I - Justin [ Gates.% Notary,? Public.^ has removed ti
<ha Gnuat buildloK. 4 Sirenta tad < lisxkfrt aim.
FORESTRY WILL
BE v kDVMNGED BY
NE W COMMISSION
Contiuued From Page 1, Column 6. !
imber tracts, on consideration that the parties
>btatning B uch assistance shall pay at least
:h« field expenses of the experts employed in.
>rcrtarlnr the plans. The State Forester shall
jublish all necessary notices to warn tourists,'
lunters and fishermen concerning the flre regu
fttlons. '
There shall be an Assistant State Forester
:o draw $1800 a.jVar. . The .State Forester
ihall be the chief flre warden of the State. I
rhere shall be ten district fire wardens, to be
l>alu Sluoo a y*ar each, the salaries to be
Wild one-half by the State and one-half by
the counties composing the districts. The dis
trict tire wardans shall be appointed by the
State forester and be subject to removal by
Urn. The flre wardens shall devote their en
:tr«;.tlme to Btate forest interests, shall take
prompt measures to prevent and extinguish
forest fires and keep record* concerning
the extent of damage by fireu. Each district
tlr«. warden shall appoint In »uch numbers
«nd In suoh localities a» he shall deem winr
public spirited oltl&rns to act as voluntary
flrt; wardens, who shall promptly report all
dies to the fire wardens and take prompt
nep* to extinguish the tires, the rate of pay,
l*intf 25 cents an hour for the time actually
-mployed, provided that $60 a year shall be
the limit of pay. ■ Supervisors and rangera on
the Federal forest reserves may be appointed
loluntary flre wardens and have all the pow-
Sre Kiven to flre warden?.
Flre wardens shall have the powers of police
officers, and no flre warden shall be liable to
civil action for trespass while In the perform
ance of his duty. All flre wardens shall have
power to call upon all able-bodied citizens be
tween the ages of 16 and 50 years for assist
ance in putting out forest fires, and refusal to
serve shall render the person refusing liable to
a penalty of $15 to be collected in action for
debt by the State.' In times and localities of pe
culiar flre danger the State Forester may main
tain a flre patrol as the public Interest may re
quire, one-half of the expense of such control to
be paid by the county interested and one-half
by the State, A flre patrol may be main
tained on the forest lands of corporations or in
dividuals, two-thirds of the expense to be paid
by the corporations or individuals and one-
third by the State.
A penalty of not less than $50 nor more than
$5000 or Imprisonment from thirty days to five
years is provided for maliciously or negligently
Betting flre or causing flre to be set to 'any
brush, prairies, grass, stubble or grain on any
land not his own, or for allowing any flre to
escape from his own land to that of a neigh
bor, causing Injury or destruction to another's
property. ' Penalties are also provided for negli
gence in camp flrea Between May 15 and the
first soaking rains of the wet season It shall -be
unlawful to burn brush, stumps, logs, fallen
timber, fallows, grass or forest covered land,
or to blast wood with dynamite, powder or
other explosive, or to set off fireworks of any
kind in forest or brush covered land, either on
one's own property or on the property of an
other, without written permission of and under
the direction and supervision of the district
flre wardens. Logging locomotives, donkey or
threshing engines, railway locomotives and all
other engines, j boilers and locomotives operated
in, through or near forest, brush or grase lands,
that do not burn oil. as fuel, shall be provided
with a netting to prevent the escape of sparks
A fine of $25 to $1000 and Imprisonment of
not less than fifteen days nor more than three
years Is provided for cutting, Injuring or de
stuiying- wood growing upon the lands of an
other, or of the State, or of the United States,
or upon any public highway. Civil damages
are provided for trespass on the forest lands of
the State, the United States, the county or
individuals. Counties and railways shall re
move all brush, grass and inflammable ma
terials from the roads ,or rights of way.
County Boards of Supervisors shall be author
ized to appropriate money for purposes of for
est protection, Improvement and management,',
provided that such rums chall not in any one
year exceed 2 per: cent of the assessed value
of the county property.
Consideration of this bill was not
reached until the evening session. In
the morning Chief Justice Beatty, act
ing as president of the association, read
an annual report, in which he reiterated
his statements of last year to the ef
fect that, referring to the failure In the
Legislature of what is known as "the
Works bill," he "never considered any
radical change in existing laws regu
lating the acquisition and use of water
rights essential to the attainment of the
main objects of this association." Jus
tice Beatty also reviewed the transac
tions of the year/ and said that he was
'.'happy to fe,el assured that there is no
abatement of public interest and no
Jealousy or opposition to the efforts- we
are making." He further said:
The laws enacted and proposed for the pur
pose of averting the denudation of our forests
are the result of a strongly aroused public
sentiment and the general conviction of all
who have seriously considered the subject is that
the policy Is wise and of vital importance and
insures popular support of legislation of the
character which, in the more highly civilised
countrl*^ of the world, has proved that forests
may net only be preserved, but extended at
the same time that they are yielding a hand
sonve profit to those who have been instructed
In the science of forestry.
Xo new Dlan of the revision of laws govern
ing the acquisition and exercise of water rights
has been formulated and published. Therefore
there is nothing to be laid before the conven
tion except the expediency of again presenting
the Works bill In Its original or in some modi
fied form. My own opinion, as you are aware.
Is that it is not the true policy of this as«o
ciatlon to rnfrage in any effort . to revise the
water laws of the State. . What is most urgent
ly needed Is thorough Investigation of existing
and natural conditions in order to obtain the
data from which It may be determined to what
♦xtent the storage 'of flood waters for irriga
tion , and -other uses Is economically, feasible
u n1 In what manner the destruction of our
f ornstn by fire and other causes may be pre-
S'uch investigation has been actively carried
on during the last two years by Officers of the
Federal Government, the expense being partly
defrayed out of the appropriation of $60,000
granted by the last Legislature at our solici
tation. The reports of these investigations to
be. submitted to th<> incoming Legislature will,
• REGAL SHOES.
■■■'.■■■ ... • y:.-" -
The Rush for Regals
- ■iir-wssL-L--- \A7 rE w ere -almost
taken off our feet
by the first rush for Regal
"^^rSl^^^^feg^^^ Fall and Winter styles.
I-f""^:' I It was greater than we
JM^^^^^^^^m t If you were among
MKriTl'ffl tllose who have recentl y
:A» Wi h^m been turned away on ac :
j5ftr^^^®^lflX\^l count of crowds at the
J/B Tllyll^S^ Regal stores, you will be
*>&J \fjhm\ \i\M^* £* ac * to know at we
I O now ave a S r^P on tne
lUp*^ situation, and can assure
you of prompt service.
Seventy-fiye new styles "this season— a • wide rarge .'of
choice. Quarter sizes— exclusive, with Regals— mean 288
• fittings in efery sjiape— twice as many as^ you ever, had .to
•choose from befoffc, even in Regals. -Give ;our salesmen a
1 -■; ' little time and ybii will get genuine custom fit.
Regal price is the only Regal virtue that doesn't grow.
Always $3.50. '
. .Come early in the week if , you can; : ; • Remember : that the
latter part of the week is always the busiest.
Send for Style'BooK. Wail Orders Promptly. Filled.
'Bold Jlrect from tannery to eonsuiaer. Th« largeet retail shoe business
In fht world. 80 stores in prlnciprU cities from Loqdon to San Francisco.
' MEH'S 'STOXUB ' /\AN FftillP.Krn WOKEN'S 8TOBB
Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts. ? ■ !! - rn ??T!? UU Cor. Geary and Stockton Sts.
Oaklandi Store,. xoioBroadwayl v "
i am confident, show that the money has been
■vlsfly and ecunomically expended and . that a
nass - of available information has been ch
ained at a minimum cost. Th«y will also
show, I am Informed, that the work, though
ar advanced, la still incomplete and the Legls
ature will bo asked to furnish the means of
.'airying it to completion in co-operation with
.he Federal Government.
E. A. Sterling of the Bureau of For- |
;stry" read a paper on the subject of
The Place af Lumbering in California
Forestry." He said that protection of
the forests against fire is the greatest
requirement." Second only to flre pro
tection and dependent upon applied
measures of fire protection is the util
ization uf the forest resources, in other
words the cutting over of timber lands
in such a manner as not to destroy the
future forest-producing power of the
land, open It up to erosion and destroy
its water retaining capacity or cause
It to revert to worthless chaparral..
Sterling spoke about the forest re
serves in this State that aggregate near
ly 9,000,000 acres. The greater part of
California's timber lands la In the
hands of Individuals and corporations,
he said, who can and will utilize it for
their own interests. Concerning this
phase of the situation Sterling said in
jart:
I want to make particularly strong the point
hat the State should not, stand idly by and
lepend on what the National Government has
lone and will do to save the State's forest*.
rhtreUan urgent and definite State duty
owa.nl the private timber land owners, la as*
listing- them by wise laws to protect their
loldinge from fire and by giving them expert
luvlce In matters ©I . lorest mtnagtmesi.
Practically tbe whole lower timber belt of
the Sierras and tbe greater part of the forest*
eltewhere are held by lumbermen. One investor
In th« northern part of this State owns no lesi
than 400,000 acres. Many others own tract* of
from 20,000 to 100.000 acres. .Imagine the
effect upon stream flow on the flood conditions
and on the timber supply and future pros
perity of - the State if these «n»rinous tracts
are cut over and burned until the lands now
forested are bare or chaparral covered, whether
you consider the floods In the Sacramento Val
ley, tbe water for Irrigation ditches or the
prices you rauat pay for lumber, the outcome
along any of these lines will be mightily af
fected by the methods followed by the lumber.
men during- the next fifteen y«ars.
W. C. Hodge Jr. of the Bureau of
Forestry read a report In which he sug
gested a working plan under the co
operation of the State and of the
United States in California. Some of
his suggestions were as follows:
- Reclamation of existing chaparral to consist
of experiments for restoring the forest by care,
ful burning of the brush, followed by plant
ing of seeds or seedlings; protection of forest
areaa from flre in order to prevent an increase
in the chaparral and give opportunity for the
natural return of the forests. These results
would be obtained by careful burning of
"slash" left after lumbering and the prepara
tion of detailed plans of flre protection suited
to the local conditions on limited tracts. Ap
plication of lumbering methods, which will
Insure a future growth of timber instead of
chaparral.' Under this head, plans of man
agement for representative tracts would be
prepared. The result of such a series of ex
periments would be of enormous value to the
Professor Samuel Fortler of the Uni
versity of Californla,connected with the
irrigation and drainage investigations
of the State's Department of Agricul
ture, who is in charge of the co-opera
tive irrigation investigations in" Califor
nia, read a long report in which he con
sidered from a practical standpoint the
pumping plants of the State, the duty
of water under pumping plants, the
value of water in fruit growing, the
evaporation from a water surface and
the relation of .soil moisture to. plant
growth.. A part of his. paper is as fol-
lows : . r
In. portions of California which receive more
than fifteen inches of. rainfall in. a year opin
ions of : - orchardists differ as to . the value of
irrigation in their industry. In regard to this
we have obtained testimony from a large num
ber of lrri gators throughout the Pacific .Coast
States. As to the general results it may be
said that they are decidedly in favor of the
value of irrigation. The - first Inquiry was
with reference to the quantity of the product
as affected by irrigation, and the testimony
of over 200 experienced men went to show
that the increase due to a supplementary
water supply by irrigation varied from 10 to
100 per cent
The second inquiry was whether irrigratlon
increased the regularity of bearing. Of the
opinions received about 00 per cent were fa
vorable to Irrigation and 10 per cent were
doubtful
The third Inquiry was with reference to the
general qualities and commercial characters of
irrigated fruit. The numerical result was that
eighty-seven growers maintained the superior-
ity of irrigated fruit.
The effect of water on the yield of cereals
on the worn out soils of the San Joaquln Val
ley 1b being tried. In experimenting with
barley last winter the natural rainfall, which
amounted to four and a half inches during
the period of growth, produced at the rate of
nine bushels per acre, while the application of
sixteen inches of water increased the yield to
twenty-two bushels per acre. In the case of
wheat, the rainfall produced straw but no
grain, four inches of water produced a yield at
the rate of ten bushels, and sixteen Inches of
water increased the yield to thirty-eight bush-
els p«r acre
At the evening session Southern Cali
fornia/ for the first time since the as
sociation was formed, was given . the
presidency on recommendation of a
nominating, committee appointed by
Justice Beatty, consisting of Scipio
Craig of Redlands, D. S. Cohn of Han
ford and Professor McAdie of San
;,,■:.■■.■■- ADVEKTlSKaLEXTS.
pyaj»33B>Mm|as|Bj|s^^ T-U;-^ -Ll^irA''A*L-±l*?^7r w "lH?J--J* / '£T< im *P'--^ J ?J
i J TCP T^ T"^ T™* f ILj 1 t^ rr*i ■ t . = ,
1 Eztraofdinaty Oiiet !
I HOLIDAY SHOPPERS i
y To make their H
I Holiday Purchases Before December 10th. [j
I Free*;?*: 00 Pt«ha« . 50 worthof s^ods p 3
I with 4>^O#UU r " ca *» q>/*JU your own choice -Tree |
1 Free <C 1 0 00 Purchase . 00 WOfth of **& Ff ee
1 with 4>>VoUU *'"«*«• yo.VV your own choice rree
I Free 00 Purchase . 1; 1 50 WOTth of Free
Fj with S > 3*vU rureaase • 4>>*JU youfOwn choice rree [j
1 Free <t? 50 Purcha« .• 75cv worth of s Free 1
H i with 4>^-#^v rurcaM«. /JU your own choice >T* e e
I Free <C1 flO p«eime. 25c WOfthof ?« x^ Free
m with sp > »UU roreMJC • Z»JC* your own choice. f re e
■ We want you to see our
1 Grand Holiday. Display of Beautiful
I and Newest Creations ,
|| Elite China ware, Limoges China, French
If China* Dinner Sets, Salad Sets, Chocolate h
1| Sets, Rich Cut Glass Ornaments, Vases, M
II Bric-a-Brac, Lamps, English Porcelain Ware. [ j
m Novelties, and Dolls. jj
y Fancy Articles of Every Description. Prettiest, Jj
y Daintiest and Newest Things made. Collected rl
II from the Markets of the World* jj
A Top Quality Teas, Coffees, Spices, Extracts^ j
I] Baking Powder, Cocoa, Chocolates.
A We want you to see our very reasonable prices* \ j
U We want you to come just to look. j
|i Take advantage of this very liberal offer. I
t\ I CUT HEKE . CVT HERB H
H CUT OUT THIS COUPON, bring'h to any of our stores before [\
[ I a December 10, {904, and receive with each purchase as list ad n { I
1| S a bo v* a very handsome present of your own selection. 5
f| Sj SAN FRANCISCO CALL, Dec 3 , J904 =
t\ 3 Come just to look. f j
u Bring this Coupon with you to any of our stores.
" NOT GOOD AFTER DECCMBtR 1O, 190*
1 J J
_" CUT HERE ■ CUT HERE
GreatAmerican Importing Tea Co. J
H CTTT STO3ES:
|| 861 Marktt at. 913 Sntter at. 705 T.arttn st. 3733 24tb st.
1 140 Sixth art. 3008 PUlmore St. 146 Ninth st. 206 Third at.
H 475 Ralcht st. 355 Hayes at. 52 Market st. 469 Fourth st.
bj 1819 Devisadero st 3006 Sixteenth st. 621 Montsromery ave. £66 Tnlxd st.
M 1419 Polk st. 3285 Mission st. 2516 Mission St.
|f OAKULVTD, ALAMEDA AN9 BSBCLET STOKES:
1 1053 Washlnjrtoa st. 1510 Seventh st. ' Berkeley, 2141 Caster st
1 1185 23d ave. 616 fi. 12th st. Alaineda, 1355 Park st.
y STORES XXt OTESB CITIES AND TO WITS:
3 Ean Jose, 123 8. First at. San Bernardino. 421 Third at. Ixjik Beach. 220 Pino &t«w
3 Bacratn«nto, 428 K at. Santa Barbara. 7S4 State at. ilerced. 4CS Main .«t.
H Sacramento, 804 J at. San Dl#go. 922 Fifth at. NeTadaClty.PlnostMaa.Wda>
LJ Santa Cruz. 140 Pacific ar*> 8anLaisObiapo.729HiKiieraat. Redlands. IS E. Statist.
B Stocktcn. 445 E. Main at. Tulare. Kern at., near K. Santa Monica. 227 Third st.
H Oilroy. 13 N. Monterey at. VirKlnia City. 68 8- C st. 8-inta Ana. 209 E. Fourth at. ,
K| Los Gatoa. Eaat Main st. Ventura. 208 Main St. VlsalU. 21t> Main st.
ta SanLeandro,SantArenzoar*. Crockett. r i Woodland. 533 Mata at
3 Lo*Ang;eles, 423 S. Broadway. Lincoln. Watsonvllle. 323 Main at.
II Lc8Ansele3 > 2S23Pasadena ay. Winters. BrnlclA. 6 First st.
3 Salt Lake, 243 Main at. R ad wood City. Chico.Hlwy..b»-t.°»J Alth sta.
■A Portland, 331 Washington st. Sutter Creek. CarsonCity.Cara'n st.nr.Klns.
Jl Portland. 223 First at. Napa. 6 Main st. BrtKham City. Main st.
S Seattle. 906 Second ava> Prtaluma, 828 Main a\. Modesto. 10th st.. bet. HAL
SH Seattle, 30ft Pike at. St. Helena. Main st. Orovllle. 30S Meyers st.
r| Tacoma, 937 C at. Santa Rosa, 411 Fourth st. Provo. Academy ave.
H Spokane, 910 Sprague arsu Vallejo, 338 Georgia st. ParkCity.Maln st.Schlelda b*.
Q Ogden. 340 Twenty-flfth at. Haywards,Bat..bet.MainAlst. RedBluS.Maln A Oak sta,
3 Bakerafleld. 1513 19th at. San Rafael. 823 Fourth st. Salinas. 234 Main at.
B Fresno, 1145 J at. Pasadena. 190 E. Colorado at. OregonClty.Main it,so.3Uv
J Marysville, 332 D at. Astoria, 571 Commercial at. Be^ldal'urs.
3 Pomona, 402 W. Second at Eugene, 80 E. Ninth at. Placervlll*.
H Reno. 19 Commercial row. Eureka, cot. Fifth and F ata. Ocean View.
I Redding;. 421 Market at. Orasa Valley. 66 Mill at. 'Callstosa. * "
B Riverside. 931 Main at. Hanford. 209 N. Irwln at. Sonoma. j
I : Our 100 Stores Help Us to Help Yon.
Francisco. The new president is John
G. North of Riverside. The vice presi
dents are William Thomas and Arthur
R. Briggs of San Francisco and J. B.
LIppincott of Los Angeles. T. C. Fried
lander was re-elected secretary and F.
W. Dohrmann treasurer. These officers
are all members of the executive coun
cil, the administrative body of the as
sociation. The power to appoint the re
maining six Is vested in the president.
The advisory council as elected includes
the following: W. H. Beatty of San
Francisco, Dp.vld Starr Jordan of Palo
Alto, W. S. Green of Colusa. E. F. Ad
ams of San Francisco, Scipio Craig of
Redlands, C. D. Marx of Palo Alto,
Benjamin Ide Wheeler of Berkeley. A.
T. Herman of San Jose, A. J. Pillsbury
of Sacramento, Frank Soule of Berke
ley, Charles A. Laton of San Francisco
and Samuel Portler of Berkeley.
The following resolutions were adopt
ed as the sense of the convention:
Resolved. That the co-operative work now Iji
progress on the part of the State of California
and the hydrojrraphlc and topographic branches
of the United States Geological Survey, the Bu
reau of Forestry and the irrigation and drain
age investigations of the United States Depart
ment of Agriculture for the Joint investigation
of the State, and of the various questions re
lating to the economical use and distribution of
water and the preservation of our . forests is
hereby indorsed and Its continuance is recom
mended to the Governor and the State Legisla
ture.
Resolvad, That we urge upon the Legisla
ture the importance of protecting the forests of
the State from flre and wanton destruction in
ether ways, and to that ena we recommend to
the State government the careful consideration
of the proposed bill prepared by the Bureau of
Forestry and submitted to our association this
day as being a good basis for the needed legis
lation.
Resolved, That the principle that the right
to use water for Irrigation purposes should b«
united to the land to be irrigated Is .a sound
policy and is essential to the welfare of the
State.
Resolved, That the proposition to cede the
Tosemlte Valley back to the United States
Government should receive the earnest consid
eration of the Legislature to the end that more
commodious accommodations may be provided
for making such valley accessible to the general
public and we recommend such transfer.
Resolved, In view of the nain purposes of
our organization, it Is Inexpedient for the Wa
ter and Forest Association to engage in any
effort to procure a revision of the water laws
of the State.
The committee that brought in these
resolutions was headed by' John G.
North and also included L. M- Holt of
Riverside, A. G. Park. A. T. Hermann
and Dr. Washington Dodge. .
A letter was. received from Professor
Dudley of Stanford asking that the as
sociation use some. means to obtain the
appointment of a -board to receive be
quests and grants of land on .behalf of
the State. The association decided that
Professor Dudley's proposition should
be made the subject of a separate bill.
J. B. LIppincott of the Geological Sur
vey received great when he
told of the great number of stations
that have been established in Calif or r
nia to determine the flow of streams,
and a similar compliment was paid to
Chief Engineer: Newell of the reclama
tion service when he said that the Gov
ernment may soon be able to'. pay atten
tion to .the needs of -the great Sacra
mento Valley. jHWaHEB
.- ; >„ .. • '• .- ~ m ♦ ■ — —
POSTERS and BANNERS.— Gabriel Printing
.: Co. Drint anything. 419 Sacrmmtnto it *
af* ■ • m" i\
for Christmas p
VVOneo/" These C\
A solendld value; comes la p*arl
handle, with blades of finest steel,
and workmanship la first grade.
My price. sjil.SO.
J I have a very larg« assortment of
high grade cutlery, ranging from
pocketknlves to scissors, all at mod-
erate tricea.
CAttVl.VO SETS, in nic* boxaa.
from f2JM> to ,<i;.<X>.
STAR SAFETY RAZOR, regular
price $-: my price only 91.25. !
RAZCTRS of the regular kind aa
low aa 91.0O.
To try a CCCHCLJN^S SEUF-
F1LJJNQ PEN is to b« deUghted
with it. Cleanly, convenient, sure
and always ready. Prices from
9.3.OO to 93.OO.
1 WATERMAN'S IDEAL Fountain
I Pen. from 92~5O up.
I Christmas Leather Goods. Christ-
mas and New Year's Cards at popu-
lar prices.
Mail Orders Promptly Flfled.
f THAT aXAXT PITTS
F. W. PITTS, the Stationer,
1008 Market st., opp. Fifth st,
San Francisco.
-
Gonorrhoea and Urinary Discharge*^
mSw i r y am ■ BsvlsWa w&ft
A CURE IX 43 HOURS. *
|J visit DR. JORDAN'S qreat
fSSUSEUii OF flaflTOSY*
\ .^mT Th " L» r se«- Aaatomical Mtueun in :he \
V 1 1 iw» World HakuiMi or *t,y cud:ii i-«i A
bVXifjfl di«^? y»lli>.l r c S r*<l hy tiie oIl.iu Y
6 g 6^*^ Da - JOaDAN-D'SIASeS CF MEM A
w i £0? B Trt«t3l«nt p^f-or«ljy rr b» Irttcr. A Q
T I I ' vj| ■ Amium Can in rrcty caM un«Un»te». . \
Urn-' IJ A WntsW Book.rHll.a«ui>SiV*f i
V ' I II * i)4nii.«<.»:, mailbd rui. (a"
A U i> »«iu»bi« book fa* aira) . A
TD&lOBDAJi ACO..lQSlMarket9t:.fL.r. VBRILLIANT DEBUT OF
SMART SET MAID.
MRS. ELEANOR HARTIM IS
HOSTESS AT FUNCTION
W/cuvm Welcome to Debutante
v Bj- Sally Sharp.
*Toath! To-Jth! Hew buoyant are thy hopes!
••. They turn.
I^k* njartgciaa. toward the sunny aide."
Buoraat in good truth was youth last
night, as th« smart set dropped its
lowest curtsy in honor of the fair
■ youns daughter of the house of Har
vey.
' Xot in the mesnory of a score of sea
- soa has there been so brilliant a com
ing-out function aa the ball given at
the St. Francis last night in honor of
Miss Anita Harvey, daughter of Mr.
.' end Mi-s, J. Downey Harvey. In fit
ting: fashion was the stunning maid
presented to the smart folk of the West
•by her grandmother, Mrs. Eleanor
•Ivlartln, whese entertainments have,
4n years past, been synonyms for
splendid hospitality.
T.he maid who last night was formal
ly -initiated into the world of elysian
pleasures is well fortified for the con
spicuous position which shall hence
fcirth be hers. . Thrice lucky maiden,
■who bath thus been blessed by nature
and her handmaidens with all the
-&Afts the fickle dames doth hold!
The. ball was the joyful baptism of
the white and gold ballroom, and the
scene in the mirrored palace will live
i long in the annals of the smart set
:f unctlcns.
The guests were received in the
' Louis XVT drawing-room, which was
graced with white chrysanthemums in
:. great vases. From the draped entrance
the beauty of the ballroom, with its
Ivory • walls pecked out in gold; its
great crystal globes ablaze with light,
reflecting the exquisite glimmerings of
'a summer rainbow; the mirrored pan
els catching the hundreds of beautiful
proxnen as they passed to and fro: the
1-enk-s of American Beauty roses piled
• in prodis-al profusion in jars on the
.jnSiitel shelf; the forest of ferns, glis
tening magnolias, palms and wood
ward i.as, caught and given back by the
; filvered panels get in the walls of
Ivory.
' Round about the ballroom crimson
' rsatin divans beckoned the weary
rlancer or the patient chaperon, while
fr^m v.ir.dow, balcony and doorway
."«-r'^ison satin hangings fell in soft
1 usury,
'•'. Scfeened from the curious by Orien
tal Screens — and there are few curious
' folk round about— the west wing of the
hotel,' with the mezzanine floor, became
.a tropic garden.
- Or. the stairway to the mezzanine
floor/and in the ladies' gallery great
. vases filled with huckleberry stood
'. about, flanked by ferns and towering
jiajras. ••; ' tfNW
- From the balcony overlooking the
■ .ballroom the vision was dazzling, for
from the heights only could the full
• beauty of the scene be appreciated,
- wUh its scores of beautiful maids and
matrons and smart men on pleasure
; bent." -.' • . : : ! i
■\ And the floor! Ah! here indeed was
•a Joy! 'Twas not unlike the smooth.
' surface of a pond in winter
•.ti-rrie, icebound, without a flaw.
■ The da-ncers — the feminine part —
•came shockingly late, leaving bunches
and bunches of men standing about in
• dismal expectancy.
• At midnight an elaborate supper was
served, in the grill, where American
• Beauty roses graced each table.
;. .After the feast on went the dance
more merrily than before, bringing to
" a. brilliant close the most Elaborate
1 debutante function of the winter of
• 1904— a" winter distinctive for gay af
• fairs.. ; ,.•■ ' . ',-..;.. :
• .Among the smartly gowned women
' were Mrs. Eteanor Martin, in a white
satin gown with geld trimming, while
' Mrs. Walter H. Martin's gown was of
blue Fpangled net over blue chiffon.
DO.VN'S PILLS.
|E| mm,
This Harflly Expresses Wlat San
: . Francisco People Say of It
Any itchiness of the skin is annoy-
ing/ .
Little danger in Itching skin dis-
eases.
' Bat they rnake you miserable.
. Doan's Ointment is a never-failing
cure .
' For Piles, Eczema, all itching
■troubles. )
-.San Francisco citizens indorse it.
Thomas Christal, Inspector, of 426
Xvventy-sevcnth street, says: "I
Jcnow. of a case of eczema or skin
cjsease where Doan's Ointment un-
doubtedly cured. It broke out on the
hack of the cars and on the scalu,
zpd .it resisted the treatment of sev-
eral doctors, who tried unsuccessfully
for "a- year and a half to stop it. In
addition: to physicians' treatment
ryrrything:- said lo . be good for such
s-Hmcrits was used; in fact, all the
.knowledge, of every one aware of the
ec.czma was exhausted. Doan's Oint-
•meht acted just as represented. In a
comparatively short time the area of
thf sores commenced to. contract, and
by and bv they completely dried up.
For 5ale by all dealers. Price 50c.
Fostcr-Milburn Co., Buffalo, N. Y.,
sole agents for the United States.
..-Remember the name, Doan's, and
take no substitute.
SINFUL NEGLECT
. How is :t possible fcr a sar.e man with
'good teeth to destroy them through careless
neglect.! SOZODONT is positively bene-
ficial. It has made the t&othbrush habit a
SOZODONT
TOOTH POWDER
the natural complement cf SOZODONT
Liquid, is a beautiful polisher, absolutely
free from grit ar.d acid. Are you using it ?
Yen cught to be..
gS TOEKS LIQUID. POWDER. PASTE.
1
She carried a bouquet of violet orchids.
Miss Anita Harvey, the fair debu
tante, was a striking picture in purest
white silk carrying an elaborate bou
quet of lilies of the valley and carna
tions.
Mrs. Henry T. Scott was regal In
heavily brocaded white satin and deep
flounces of hand-made lace. In her hair
was a diamond tiara.
Mrs. R. B. Schwerin, gowned In black
lace, heavily beaded, was very hand
some.
Miss Irene Sabin was very pretty and
girlish in white net embroidered in pink
rosebuds, with flounces of point lace.
Ornaments pearls.
Mrs. Dixwell Hewitt wore pink satin,
with ruffles of point de venise lace.
Miss Elizabeth Mills, pink net over
pink taffeta and hand-made lace.
Miss Elsie Clifford was becomingly
growned in yellow peau de sole, with
duchesse lace.
Miss Isabel Brewer was charming in
pink and blue embroidered chiffon over
silk, with trimming of pink roses and
blue forget-me-nots, and ruffles edged
with blue and pink chiffon.
Mrs. Brewer was in heavy cream
crepe apDliqued with lace.
Mrs. Sullivan was gowned in ecru
lace over white peau de sole and chiffon
flounces.
Miss Pearl Landers, silver spangled
white chiffon over pink chiffon.
Mrs. Walter Hobart's gown was very
rich — white satin, with imported lace
flounces, en traine.
Mrs. Wilson, black lace over yellow
silk and black beaded medallions.
Miss Wilson, heavily spangled white
chiffon over taffeta, with panels of
gold-embroidered butterflies.
Miss Charlotte Wilson, white chiffon
over white taffeta, trimmed in Valen
ciennes lace.
Miss Helen Cheseborough, salmon-pink
Persian silk, with flounced skirt and
bodice trimmed In fringe.
Mrs. PL B. Cutter was handsomely
gowned in black lace.
Mrs. Frederick Kohl's gown of white
peau de sole was intensely becoming to
her blonde type. Her ornaments were
a diamond butterfly In her hair and
diamond bowknot on the bodice.
Miss Elsie Sperry's gown was of white
French crepe, spangled in silver and
trimmed in pale blue appliqued poppies.
Miss Maye Colburn, silver spangled
white crepe.
Miss Sophie Borel's gown was of
spangled chiffon over taffeta, with pink
trimming.
Miss Alice Borel, blue point d'esprit
over blue silk.
Miss Riddell. white chiffon embroid
ered in roses, and ruffles of mousseline
de soie.
Mrs. Herbert, white satin and chiffon:
• . • •
The following guests were bidden to
the ball:
Mr. nnd Mrs. Worthingrton Ames, Mr. and
Mrs. Garton Ashe. - . . ....
Mr. and Mrs. Juleg Brett. Mr. and Mrs. Bey.
lard, Mr. and Mrs. - Truxtun Beale. Mr. and
Mr». WilJiam B. Bourn, Mr. and Mm. Samuel
Boardman. Mr. and Mr*. Danforth Boardman,
Mr. and Mrs. James Bishop. Mm. Reginald
Brocke, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Buckbse.
Mr. and Mrs. Jack Casserly, Mr. and- Mrs. i
Frp.nk Carolan. Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam H. Crocker, Mrs. and Mrs. Ho
race B. Chase. Mr. and Mrs. Henry
Crocker. Mrs. B. D. Cutter, Mr. and Mrs. R. G.
Coleman.
Mr. and Mr*. W. Drown. Mr. and Mrs. Nor
rls Davis. Mr. and Mn>. Walter Deane, Mrs.
Jessie Bowie Dietrich. Mr*, de Reyter.
Mr. and Mrs. Eyre, Mr. and Mrs. Daniel
Earl, Mr. and Mrs. Eastern.
Mr. and Mrs. James Follls Mr. and Mrs. J.
A- Folger, Mr. and Mrs. Francis Griffin Dr.
and Mrs. Alexander Garceaa, M-, and Mrs.
Rarauel Knight, Mrs. Longstreet, . >. and Mrs.
Gent.
Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Murphy, Mr. and
Mrs. Walter Martin, Mr. and Mrs. Peter Mar
tin. Mr. and Mrs. Fred McXear
Seward McXear. Mr. and Mrs. Eu
ffene B. Murphy. Judge and Mrs. McKenna,
Dr. and Mrs. Herbert Moffltt. Mr. and Mrs.
JC Melntcsh. Mr. nnd Mrs. Thomas Magee, Mr
and Mrs. Randolph H. Miner. Mr. and Mrs G.
WJ McEnerney, Mr. and Mrs. Latham McMul
lin.
Mr. and Mrs. George Howard. Mr. and Mrs
J. H. P. Howard, Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey
Harvey, Mr. and Mrs. Horace Hill, Mr. and
Mrs. G. W. Hopkins. Mr. and Mrs. Walter
Hobart. Mr. and Mrs. Burke Holliday. Mr. and
Mrs. Dlckwell Hewitt. Mr. and Mrs. Timothy
Hopkins. Mr. and Mrs. Osgood Hooker. Secre
tary and Mrs. Hay.
,. Mr - * nd Mrs - p - Iv *rs. Mr. and Mrs. Wil
liam G. Irwin.
ir M . l , SS ™ Nlna K t. ntl r - and Mr8 - Frederick
Kohl, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Klerstedt.
Mr. and Mrs. Rudolph Spreckels. Mr and
Mrs- Laurence Scott, Dr. and Mrs. R. K
Ecott, Mr. and Mrs. Francis Sullivan Mr
and Mrs. R. P. Schwerin, Mr. and Mrs'
Spencer.
Mr. and Mrs. William Tevls, Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph S. Tobln. Mr. and Mrs. Clement Tobin
Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mr. and Mrs'
William Taylor, Baron and Baroness von
Sohroeder.
Mr. and Mrs. Chauneey Wlnslow. Mr. and
Mrs. Mountford Wilson. Mr. and Mrs. Rus
sell Wilson, Mrs. Inex Shorb White. Mrs Wll
ccx.
Judge and Mrs. Morrow, Mr. and Mrs C
A. Moore.
Mr. and Mrs. Mayo Xewhall. Mr. and Mrs.
Gtorgp Xewhall. Mr. ar.d Mrt. J. R. k.
Nuttall. Admiral- arid Mrs. McCalla, Mr and
Mrs. McKittrlck.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Oxnard, Mr. and Mrs.
James Otis.
Mr. and Mrs. Willis Polk. Mr. and Mrs
Samuel Pond. Mr. and Mrs. A^htcn Potter
Mr. and Mrs. Edward Pringle, Mr. and Mrs
Kenry Polk. Mr. ar.d Mrs. George A. Pop~"
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Pill»burv. Mr. and Mrs'
John Parrott. Captain and Mrs. Payson. ' :
Mr. and Mrs. James Robinson, Captain and
Mrif. Read.
Count Xlles Bonde. Mr. nnd Mrs Charles
Holllngsworth. General and Mr*. Corbin. Lieu
tt-uant- Honrland. Captain and Mrs. Robert
Rar.r.ay, Colonel and Mrs. Marlnn P. Maus
Mr. and Mr*. -Frank Heokn. L-slie Harkners'
Mr. and Mrs. B>»verl*y Xecker. Mr. and Mrs.
John Rocers Clark. Mr. ard Mr*. O. W Childs
Mrs. Malcolm H<-nry, Mlrs Lillie O'Connor.'
Mr. and Mrs. Cameron Thorn. Mr. and Mrs
Catrsby Thorn. Mr. and Mr?. Cameron Thorn
Jr.. Misn Eleanor Terry.-' Miss Margaret Bowrn
Mrs. Walker. Dr. C. C. Collins, Mr. and Mrs!
Hermann OelrJchs: Harry oelrlch*. Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Oelrlchs. Dr. and Mrs. G. -F
Shiels, Mrs. Hearrt. Mrs. Stanford Dr "and
Mrs. Wilson Shiels.- Mr. and Mrs. H. e
Huntlngton. Mr. and Mrs. Alexander. Mrs!
Ashburner. Dr. and Mrs. Brownell, Mr. and
Mrs. Babcock.
Mr. and Mrs. Hancock Banning. Mr. and
Mrs. H. B. Chase. Mr. and Mrs. Deane, Mr.
and Mrs. .Flood. Mr. and Mrs. Adam Martin.'
Mr. and Mrs. II. M. A. Miller. Lieutenant and
Mrs. MacArthur. General fchafter. Miss Bewie
Ames. Miss "den Bailey. Miss Blair. Misses
Sophie and >|c«» Borel, Miss Brown. Miss Isa
bel Brewer, Misses Buckley, Miss Maude
Bourn.
Miss Linda Cadwallader. Miss Carolan, ■ Miss
Casserly. Miss Helen Chesebrough. Miss Lucy
Gwin Coleman. Ml" Collier. Miss Ethel Dean
Misses de Gntgne. Mls« Eells, Miss Jessie Fill
more. Miss Foster, Misses Hamilton. Misses
Herrin. Howard ' Huntington. Misses Josselyn.
Misses Jolllffe, Miss Azalea Keyes, Aliss Kohl,
Misses II Inn IW"*iifll ltylWI» "''WP'^lf > *l|Jbll»i'
Mlsa Maisee Langhorne. Miss Loughborough.
Miss McXear. Miss McXutt. Miss Delia and
Elizabeth Mills. Miss Carol Mcore. Mlu Xew
hall. Misses Parrott. Miss Pease, Mr. and Mrs.
William Babcock. Mrs. - Durneld. Mrs. ; Pace,
Misses Cole. Miss Phelan, Miss Pomeroy, Miss
Elena Robinson. Misses Sabin. Miss Carmellta
Selby, Mis* Ethel Shorb. Misses Hyde-Smith,
Misses Spreckels. Misses Sullivan. Miss Elsa
Sperir.waysVBwtgMpHVBMflBMttU
Miss Elsie T*llant. MIm Van Nets, Miss
Wagr.'r Mlsa Marie Wells, the MUsea Emily
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, 3;. 1904
STATE'S VOTE
ON AMENDMENTS
Official Eeturas Show That
the Seawall Act Was Car
ried by a Big Majority
CANVASS IS COMPLETED
Three of the Six Proposed
Changes in the Constitu
tion Fail to Win Approval
SACRAMENTO, Pec. 2.— Secretary
of State Curry this evening completed
the ofTct*l canvass of the votes on
constitutional amendments. The count
shows thiit amendment No. 1, known
as th^ eeawall act. carried by a vote
of 119.416 for and 26,635 against. Fol
lowing Is the vote on the other pro
posed amendments:
Constitutional amendment No. 2, providing
for Appellate courts, carried by a vote of
&i,.1(M> tor and 3U.277 agalnet.
Conotitut'.onal amendment No. 4. exempting
the Academy of Sciences in San Francisco from
taxation, carried by a vote of 73,206 for and
(J2,li7.'i asalnst.
Constitutional amendment No. 11, relative to
the exemption of shipping from taxation, de
feated by a vote of 48,98-") for and 81,857
against.
i "uiistltutional amendment No. 17, exempt
ing $1CO worth of personal property from tax
ation, carried by a vote of 74,437 for and
46,221 against.
Constitutional amendment No. 26, permit
ing the codification of the codes in one bill,
defeated by a vot« of 60.933 against and J59.O6O
for.
Constitutional amendment No. 20. changing
<iate of legislative seaslon and limiting number
of employoa, defeats! by a vote of 0B.O88
against and <>2.7I>2 for.
KILLS WIFE AND FATALLY
WOUNDS HER COMPANION
Septuagenarian of Los Angeles Makes
a Murderous Attack on Two
Helpless Women.
• LOS ANGELES, Dec. 2.— Henry Mar
coux, a harnessmaker, about 70 years
of age, late to-night shot and killed his
wife, Mrs. Ruby Marcoux, and fatally
wounded Mrs. Frances Fox, her friend.
The shooting took place at 214 East
Third street, the home of the Fox fam
ily. Marcoux was arrested at mid
night.
The shooting was the result of do
mestic disagreements- in the Marcoux
family. To-night Marcoux secreted
himself in the rear of the Fox house
and when Mrs. Marcoux and Mrs. Fox
came out he opened flre from a re
volver. The first shot missed Mrs.
Marcoux and she fell, begging him not
to shoot. The second shot passed
through her heart, killing her instant
ly. Marcoux then turned the weapon
upon Mrs. Fox and shot her through
the stomach. She is believed to be
fatally wounded.
The murderer, fled, but was arrested
two hours afterward and locked up in
the City Jail. -.-£ ■■■■■'.
CHILD BURNED TO DEATH
DURING MOTHER'S ABSENCE
Clothing of Boy Catches Fire From
Heater in Room Where He
Was Playing.
REDDING, Dec. 2.— Durfee Lone,
one of the twin sons of J. C. Long of
Fall River Mills, was burned to death
at the home of his parents to-day.
The little fellow was not quite 3 years
of age. It is presumed that the boy's
clothing took flre from a heater in the
room in which he was playing.
The accident occurred while the
boy's mother was drawing a pail of
water from a well across the street.
On her return she found her son in
the center of the room with all the
clothing, with the exception of the
neckband of his dress, burned from
his body. Though the child was so
frightfully burned that the flesh
dronped from his body as the agonized
mother lifted him from the floor, he
lived four hours.
INTIMATES THAT JAPAN
FAVORS HAGUE CONFERENCE
Mr. Hicki Gives Notice to State De
partment of Receipt of Invitation
by. His Government.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.— Mr. Hicki.
the Japanese Charge d' Affaires, called
at the State Department to-day and
informed Assistant Secretary Loomls
that the Japanese Government had re
ceived yesterday the invitation of the
American Government for a second
conference at The Hague, and that the
invitation would be promptly present
ed to the. Diet. The intimation is that
the proposition meets with Japanese
favor.
California Calendars for 1905.
California Poppy. Poinsettla, Chinese
and Redwood Calendars. All new — best
ever — ready for mailing. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market street. •
and Charlotte Wilson, Miss Whlttell, Mlsa
Thornton, MUs Adelaide Brown, Miss Whit
ney. Miss Zane, the Mixes Allen, Miss Bland
ing, MUs Childs. Miss Flood. Miss Anna Fos
ter MUs J. Henley, the Mlfses Alice and
Ethel Hager, Mies Isabel Kittle, Miss Jennie
I^athrop, the Misses McKinstry, Mi» Morgan,
the MUse* McCalla, Mlts Poett, Miss Agnes
Tobin. Miss Von Schroeder. Miss Marie Voor
hles\
Raymond ArrnBby. William B. Berg, J. W.
Byrne. Philip Baker, Thomas B. Barry.
Thomas B. Berry. William Berry. Thomas W.
Breeze. W. S. Burnett. Everett X. Bee, Lloyd
Baldwin, Thomas Blnney, John L». Babcock,
Allen St. John Bowie. Henry P. Bowie, Ber
tram Cadwallader. Perry Evans. Clarence Fol
lls, Charlts X. Felton. Courtney E. Ford. \\.
W. Foster Jr., Charles K. Field, Christian
Froellch.
Edward Green way. Dr. Grace. E. Grau.
IJousla* Grant. Francis Goad, Barclay , Henley
Jr.. Charles W. Howland, KnMgn .Waldemar,
Hay ward M. Hule, George Cadwallader," Bruce
Cornwall, Lieutenant Sypher, A. Chesebrough,
Oscar Cooper. E. J. Coleman, '"E.\ de Coulon,
William Denman. John Drumm,. Thomas ■ A.
Driwoli. Benjamin Dlbblee, It. McK. . Duperu,
Kdward Donohoe, John J. Doyle, Edward
Davis, Robert Eyre, Edward : Howard, Albert
Hocr*r, Saward Hamilton, Alexander Hamil
ton Duane Hopkins. • Harry Holbrook, Carl- W.
Howard. Ralph C. Harrison, George E. Hall,
Howard Huntlngton. Henry A. Jerome.
Captain Jewell. 1 Lieutenant Kempff. Allan T.
Kittle. John Kittle. William S. 'Kittle. Consul
Kouakavltch. Frank King. Percy L. - King,
Joseph King. . . "
Consul B. Lanel. Captain Logan, Milton S.
Latham. John Lawson, Lieutenant: n.'F.- Lo
pez Xorman B. . Llrermore. Captain Lyman.
Knox Maddox. E. T. Messerstnith, Lieutenant
Cyrus Miller. Lieutenant Mac Arthur. .Thomas
McCaleb, Clarence McKinstry. • -
Robert Ross. Joseph D. Redding.*-. Porter
Rcblneon. E. P. Rlthet, Gerald Rathbone.
Sherrill Schell. Prescott Scott, Harry H.
Scott Major Stephenson. Harry K. ■ Stetson
Sidney Salisbury, William B. Sanborn, Henry
R Simpktns. Mr. Shorb.
Philip Tompkins." Harry Tevis, rAthole Mc-~
Bean. Lansing Mlxner, Edgar Mlzner.* Addison
Misner. J. K. Moffltt, S. G. Murphy. Lawrence
McCreery, Francis L. Owens, Hermann ; Oel
nchs. Charles Oelrlchs, Dr. • Pressley, Philip
Pcschel, Eyre Plnckard, Orvllle : Pratt. Horace
G. .Platt. E. S.'Pillsbury. Roy 'Pike, -William
Page,_ James D. .Phelan, Lloyd ■ Robblns, War
ton W.Thurston, Richard M.\ Tobln, - Ed
ward J. Tobln, Joseph O. Tobln. : Cyril Tobln
Burling Tucker. - Mr. von Wrefflns, -. G. . Voor
hl«J -Thomas Van . Ness, Mr." .von- Rleben
.Wilberforce Williams, Allan G. Wright Alfred
H. - Wilson. John A." WIlcox.; Baldwin ; Wood
N. N. ■ Wllion; • Captain Wynn and John Zelle.
PRAGERS ., -pRAGERS | PRAGERS I PRAGERS
Shoppers will Visit- our .Grahd : ' .. Try our Pyrography Frames
Jind our -Beautiful Orchestral. 4f% \ Ice Cream (Third Floor) Floor)
New Cafe Concert *®^M BVH fitl/fflJW i Soda Complete set* Orders taken
" (Fourth Floor) D^^^l,,^ concerts J3J _|l H £JR H | B£ B ■£« , OOQa f rom $1.75 up. and filled quickly
A splendid L I CII1IVII1 This after- fflTr rvr^pfyr "V-fV (Main Floor) \y c instruct you and satisfactorily
con venience tv" noon 2 to 5 vB* ■ aukou reliable; Tae Best in the without charge, for all sorts of
during the hoi- RpOm .This' evening, > P MARKET&dONES 3&. «»• JS&Sll
iday season. (Fifth Floor) 7 to IO. || . ' DC | holiday gifts. | very lowest.
A Valuable and Pretty Christmas Toy
Will Be Given To-day With Every
Purchase of Boys* or Girls* Clothing
> I Boys' Clothing That Meets I
Groceries and Liquors y$ All RprFIlirPlWPTitQ On every purchase of $1.00
(Main Aisled <I^ 1 * 11 ClilCMid •
■^Figs-Best California Pressed (Second Floor)
Figs; i-lb packages; full weight; /mMm^- YOUTHS' SUITS. THptp Will Ra
regularly ioc package; to- JL^ f^^^^^ These suits are made in the _ lucre ttiu db
day UU ¥&&B^vaW college style in a number of pretty ££ *% m •
(Fourth floor for this evening only, 7:30 |a * .JNKT patterns. The coats are cut after •• V #%i«v A7 nm #V"
to 10 o'clock.) ™ . f the late model and are perfect fit- OUlllwilllllSL f'
Nabisco Wafers— Strawberry. Aiwrfak tin &- They have been Cifi f\f\
raspberry or cherry; regularly 55c ll$P i *&BP*^ reduced from S12.50 to »fllU.vU W • ««
a lb.; special to-night ' |fpH^^ Boys' 3-piece knee pants suits. DOITIC
• •I."«W- £4f -WA in n av y blue cheviot and orettv A^X^»**^
Whiskey — Old Government P^aiS^^^-^iSm Scotches; marked from C2.QC
Whiskey; sold everywhere LC\r* ' Vm WK^Sa»2Ja S500 for Saturday to.. $O,V>J | To the amount of SI ITDirTr
at $i.oo a bottle; to-day.... OVC . l||^^»^ OVERCOATS. = P IUM!* ■
I EJ : J t^^lip^^&^y I- on K Overcoats with velvet
fda* 1 ; jji'/^'fe^^^^ collar and nicely tailored 'through-
================================5=====^^ out ' Ages 6 to l6 years - Sold ———-—=—-—=.«-=——-—-———«=—=-— —^
Women's Stock Children's Wool Sp^^^ur^y1^$3i95 "Acron China" Women's Urn- g
Collars , s E^?55or> KSf^fta A new stock of Boys' Reefer Cups. Saucers and brella Shawls
Silk Stocks, tailor- Thu dress la ma^ e . of Overcoats for ages • .1 to 8 years. Plates — They are A Holiday CifL. f 5
made, with fancy a fln« grade of granite &g> .#iJi| These coats are bought to sell for ,. . „ ,*„«„* Tn™^
bmr stitching in ? r^ed wfth 'oif box .KiPH $2.50, but may now be tfi 7 C snow-white eggshell (Second Floor)
IScL "woSif^ on ea &h d S£: had a * • - ••:■• •;™-e 1 ; ¥ ' * lmiD china and have little A ful1 Hne of hand
S - S^ ESSS > Boy? YM^n^u M m SU o r S Turner P^ rosebud, here crocheted umbrella-
shape 6 cuff; has a very \Qg Suits, with regulation belts, have , a nd there: all have shawls; made in a
Point Gaze Col- neat collar trimmed just been received. These suits are made of all-wool ma- , r. n \A t; n » «n tK» »•>•••* «,-,«„ A\ts» r ~**
lars, embroidered in JJ& ™l™ w! £-«j terials and are for boys from 4 to 14 years. *O CO great many different
rose point patterns; white leather belt at the Our price .' *pu»J\J edge; they are styles and all colors.
t°e, h J n Ar R bia "i an | d « . „ ..SWEATERS. ' worth Your The priccs range
cream. Regularly ages c to 12 years. This Boys all-wool Sweaters, in an endless assortment of
50c each: 3Crt L s t an ""}}?¥ e colors. Reduced from $i.2S/for Saturday to. .. '. .. Qft rt choice, each. ?C^ from .'... tf 5
special ...... JJL> ...".•.'.:;• QPtaD ; 7. *. "OC UJW 91. 5O to 4*^«^ J
Special Sale of Women's andl J^L^Z,, ChOdren's Sample CoaU
rain-proof; they have steel
Children's Handkerchiefs SS,r^4« n^ at, $2.63 [
(Main Floor) 1 f . v' "•P^.-yV " (Second Floor)
Pure Linen Handkerchiefs — In this assortment we 11^ Sl Jj 'n This is a shopping opportunity )
show a large variety; some with insertion corners: others ly sold at $2.00. jj.^l) no mother should overlook. These
with Valenciennes insertion all around, edged with daintv VL S}l T }r tl^l^ll^iL^' v wv coats will be on sale to-dav only.
lace to match. Regular value 25c each. Special, E(\ n B ?ffr "^ Snv^ft and the coats a f c th « sam 0 Ie Iin « '
cacli, lO%e, or .1 for JUt mounted. Special. TJ ] 9 [){j of a big dealer in children's wear. FSte&K
Sheer Lawn Handkerchiefs — Some arc finished with Hair^BroBhe^StVr'lins silver smooth H Kpr°e f y 'and 0 corned in
wide lace corners; others with lace insertion, bordered mounted: have 13 rows of throe-quarter length. The Coats have ' I J-^«»
with narmw larc wnrth retrntiriv i er p-irh 9np < f\ extra nne white bristles; velvet collars and cuffs and two rows vJSrS^
uitn narrow lace, worth regularly 15c each, bpe- -| Qp res :u 1 ar price. tf« 1 <%n of large pearl buttons; well worth
Cial at -. 1VC $2.00. Holiday J| #^J) $4.00. 0jSMr\ '
Swiss Embroidered Handkerchiefs, with embroidered Tooth 6 Bmh'ek"— Silver and of A a"?-wSSl"il2«M2S' 8i 8Sth f %«? 5?JS
scalloped edges;- many styles to select from. Worth IP/* metal top holders; *%Q circular collars; silk ' lined full y^V^ff / 1»2£=C*
20c Soecial *•" '' ; 1 3C regularly 50c. Special £,JQ, sleeves and turn back cuffs. They ,»*ffi "ViV\
20c. special .^ ..... . * • ■ j*^^ are double . breasted and have two jtJ/L Ji, \ «C \
Sheer Linen Handkerchiefs, with an embroidered initial s t ot J^ r e^J} , b . u "°JJ, 9 ir d ,To n ft the (£n I I '*• !M
in one comer ancTa narrow, hemstitched border: . neatly Gifts fOT Men S&, Wl j
folded in>a fancy box. Worth 15c each; special at HC* VTaterman'« Ideal Pountaln ing— and have lay-down collar, trim- /§ 1 Ijtm
12%c, or box of 6..... 4 DL Pen. «? SO In %R fin med five rows of silk stitching. [£ j hf\
- <9CO\J IO .10. UU with a strap from the collar to the \\
CHILDREN Pearl Pea Holders — Worth sleeve, fastened with a large pearl N^'wiJV •^~^ \
. • - $1.00 regularly. Christ- AQ/» button. The colors are navy, red and
Lawn Handkerchiefs, with printed polka dots and mas price 17W tnn: ages 2 to 4 years; regular price. ggj
hemstitched borders. Worth 8*c each. Special r Dinette $5>00 ere are otners made of an all . W
price ' »>, . »* V star Safety Razor — Sets wool Ladies' Cloth, with a large red L
_ ' _ TT ,, ... . . . * .-." V-V 1 1 from C1 Cn ♦/» Cic f\r\ sailor collar nnd red cuffs. Both the yiP 2
Sheer Lawn Handkerchiefs, with a tiny hemstitched .pl.DJ 10 4>D.(JU collar and the cuffs are trimmed with JJr
border; put up in a fane}' box and/tied with different PocSet Knives — Henckel's: six rows of black silk braid and two
rc\\t\rpf{ rihhnns Rnx of 2 wor'h rcsrularlv T?c* 4 t\ pearl, stag and fancy inlaid rows of gilt buttons. This little
colored riDDons. box oi 2 wor.n rcguiany 15c, | f]/* handles. From 25c to C? en coat comes in navy only and is well
special at JIVW fo.JU worth ?5.oo.
Entire Workroom Stock of Trimmed Hats of Local special sale of
wholesale Men's Suits and Overcoats $13.85
Formerly $7 to $10, (?^ (Mam Floor)
NOW *fP^»TPCP A number of short lines of high grade Suits and Overcoats,
(Second Floor) and among them are Hats that retail in two or three of a style, not all sizes in any one style, but a
■»T3». from $7.00 to $12.00. There are a few , • ... 4 , ',, ,,:■■. ■' J '
-J^gg/^- Pattern Hats that were sent with the . Splciulld assortment of all Sizes. ;
_^r0fSj3S^^^^^^a} stock. There are Turbans, fancy Suits— Single and double breasted Sack Suits, in /^s. i
/^^5^^@2ffig^^^S^*B^ shnpes. Rolled Sailors, Chenille Tur- r \\ th( , latest fah colorings— Blue Serges. Black ( &
f^SES^i&K^pSS^ 13^^.^^^^ hans, Maline. Chiffon and Jet Hats. Unfinished Worsteds. Brown Shades, Fancy Worsteds /Hr>«*
l M^^^f^^^^^^^^^^^^ Ther* can be no mistake In tf« •« IQ and Scotch Cheviots. Every garment Is hand-tail- >V^J I
/SNKKfe^5^^^S5^^g^S&^y buyinp any of them. Sale .n^.f^Q cred and has the finest lining* and trimmings. P.eg- 4f Jf f;
price for Saturday is H* « lllar $16 - Q $18 00 3nd J2 0.00 values; §13 85 '^tirrv^ f'
vl/^fe^sC^&^^^^^ Our regular Saturday sale of Pra- Overcoats — Th?re are *hort Top Coats In light / ■ \}jt ■' ■'■ ■' ?^\ t
T"-* gers $5.00 Millinery will be conducted shades of Covert Cloth, medium length Box Coats *F- -»^ ; 'i/^* : J ~
|ffl|Hg9r &r\ to-day ■ as usual. in Blnck. Oxford and new Fancy Scotch Mixtures. *f"->;'sM'- :: '--^lefc'.'l t
\ and lonp loose Co^ ts in fin0 Meltons. Thibets and ti ; | ■"•■■•• /•V*.v J
4yt&£Sr*$&, j ■ ■ J^rtT**^S^5?jk*'?*'^25j~~^- ' \ numerous styles 'of Scotch Cheviots — some are with r-i ■' ■? ; ■'■/**'''■'/
5£m?i&?-? ' "T • /wrCSCSaEBiS^isc 5^?"* *^^3^^?**S^ -^ belted backs. >thers plain. All the Coats are Serge &.\ -... ' i-yj**^;! ?
( lined and the sleeves have the best Skinner's Satin Itt'r *^
V l prr c e^'l6.5O. e $i a 8 r oO ha a I n d d" m $ a 20 e 0O t ; 1^ J 3^35 I
!// if V^'V^ V/ ■ Hw^^R^C^L^^^ranMl ■ Rain-Proof Overcoats — We offer five lines of high- Witt K :^r*~f-\
W!liil<^ X \\N\V«jV'#y/ I I grade garments; all hand-made; cut in the latest fP. ; : ,v ♦/•*' \
ll///ti(-;.=^'\,<$^\-///// ' Sl^^^S^^^Xsllfvlf RtvIe and Perfectly tailored; they are 52 inches long. fcf j | -* J ■-
T//«K-h\\\l \\^ '///// i ' s /^ &^J^?2£(i£ZMu)) with or without b?lts. and ar» In browns, grays and fS ■ ij ":-:\ ;> \
\\JS' v\\\ \V V '//y// / \ fancy mixtures: regularly $16.60. $18.00 $13.35 f| •. If-^^i -^ |
we bought the entire stock* of a T . Tpousep Special Saturday Night On T y f|^vHSl r \
lpcal. wholesaler in millinery at*; a; 7 Until 10 O'Clock. f.*r :^ ■■ "V-* : '-li "&■}}
very low price. There is only a lim- V^^^dK^^ So many pleased customers attended our Trouser C« '"■•;*} .^ ■" •■'&->**^
it.nl number of these Hats, and wo do \\-^-&W!xSli>l Special last Saturday evening that we have arranged .JSr^- '■ ''J£d
not anticipate having any left after ' /AJS&<«^>^^ . mother this week. We offer about 400 pairs of >*2g - TT*
Saturday's business. It will be wise, » i?K.™^77-^(^' nV Men's Fancy Worsteds, Cassimere and Cheviot Trou- m^ >np/
therefore, to shop as early as possible ,"^y^ x ~N sers that sell regularly at our usual low price. $3.00 •*^ y '%:-^/, - VVa P
to get" the best selection. . The Hats '; : f..:A''-X T~ — ' >^ and $3.50. We glvt- you your choice of «O A^ ""^' ' r fS\
arc all good. -unusually well trimmed, / x , any one of them this evening at <V&»*9*J '-.-^•<3^ i
MissesVaxvd Children's "Peter [ x I _a. Men's Stylish Well Made Shoes
Thompson" Coats 1 (Main noor)
Italian Cloth and have emblems on f || "^ y^-a^^^m IA mir' M^fit W^^Goodyca/^^lted
the sleeves; these coats are con- VJf§f ty ALnAw JKfc/lilAJOliJb JJ&LJM soles, and we have them
price ......... .... .. /T^ B _^ Our sale price. 4»^»^
YAQUI INDIANS AMBUSH flllMMUl'll
A COMPANY OF MEXICANS
Savajccs Kill .Three. and Wound Twelve
Soldiers in ; Santa Rosalia
Mountains.
SAN JOSE DE GUAYMAS, Dec. :2.
CeptalnR. A. Porelda and a company
of Mexican regulars reached, this place
Thursday, - escorting ' fifty men under
command -by. Captain .Philip Alvlrez,
who were ambushed by iYaqui; Indians
in ! the' Santa ' Mountains. : The
savages ' killed ; three and- wounded a
dozen of the party more -or ;, 'less seri
ously: .;"■"•;' ■'-."."--• •-;. ": 7 ' ■'- . '.. .,";;.
. f : Alvirez ; and ;his command were pur
suing a : band'of .IndiansVwho^had^been
fisheremen; along ; the coast, ; when ; they
were decoyed .into ai trap," from ..which
they escaped with difficulty.-: ■
DAIRYMEN ASSEMBLE
AND DISCUSS ' CONDITIONS
California Creamery Operators* Asso
ciation Is Holding Fifth Annual
Convention- in Fresno. ■
/FRESNO. Dec. 2.— The fifth annual
convention; of .the California Creamery
Operators'; Association met here, to-day,
in the Chamber of .Commerce building.
There was a good attendance of dairy
men!, from all over the, coast, the Sac
ramento TValley being well 'represented,
though: the majority of those present
were from the Central . Calif o'rnla dairy
regions. -; The address of welcome was
made ,bylw. R. ' Macintosh of this city,
the'response being made by H. P. Gla
sierjfof Oakland. President : George G.
Knox ; of, Sacramento delivered the
opening address.
CENSURED ; OFFICIAL SUES
FOREMAN OF GRAND JURY
Commences Action ' for . $ 15,000 Dam-
ages, for. Libel Against Head of
Inquisitorial Body.
LOS;ANGELES. Dec. 2. Street Su
perintendent* E/ R. WerBen of this
city filed suit in the Superior Court
late ; this . afternoon for $15,000, dam
ages against Charles Willard, fore
man 'of -.the " present county Grand
Jury.: for alleged libel. The Grand
Jury in its recent report severely cen
sured Werden for the "conduct of his
department "and recommended radical
measures for the reform of his office.
A man never kicks if his name is
misspelled in the police records of a
newspaper.'-
HARBOR OF SAN PEDRO
SEEMS TO PLEASE DARLING
Assistant Secretary of Xavy Makes
Inspection of Point Offered for
. Coaling Station.
LOS ANGELES. Dec. 2.— Los An
geles harbor at San Pedro as a basa
for a coaling and supply station for
the army and navy was fully, though
hurriedly, inspected to-day by Assist
ant Secretary of the Navy Charles H.
Darling and a number of prominent
and influential business and profes-
sional men of Los' Angeles.
Secretary Darling's private utter
ances and his personal opinion wens
encouraging regarding the possibili
ties of the port.
56
NEWS OF THE COUNTY OF ALAMEDA
NEW AIRSHIP HAS ITS FIRST TRIAL
HEATEN'S "CALIFORNIA MESSENGER" MEETS
EXPECTATIONS OF THE DESIGNERS. .
NOT YET RELEASED FROM GUIDE ROPES
ALAMEDA, Doc. 2.— Gdbrge E. Hea
ten'5 airship '"California Messenger"
had It? initial -flight this afternoon
and behaved in a manner gratifying to
the- designer and builder. The ve?sel
flew about for Deafly an hour over the
large field north of the tidal canal and
east of Twe.nty-third Avenue and was
at all times obedient to the' steering
fear, which was operated by lines
running- to the ground and held In the
hands of Heaten's^assisiants. "
. No one went up in the airship, as it
■was found that enough gas had not
been forced Into the huge bag to carrv
CAVALIER GIVES
UP HIS OFFICE
Manager of Student Paper
at University Steps Out
of a Profitable Place
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call.
2148 Center Street, Dec. 2.
According to programme, Harry
Lcveland was to-day elected manager
of the Daily Californian, the univer
sity news publication, at a meeting of
the Ftockholders held this afternoon in
Ftfles Hall. He succeeds William
Cavalier, who has resigned the posi
tion.
Joseph Loeb was cho^jn to take the*
place of W. T. Hale, formerly edi
tor In chief of the paper. The elec
tion of . each was practically decided
upon by the stockholders: yesterday.
Mr. Cavalier made his report for the
term, which is almost ended, his state
ments showing that unusual pros
perity has been enjoyed by the Cali
fornian this year.
It. has been rumored that Cavalier
resigned the position because of the
action of the authorities in deposing
W. T. Hale, who was beloved of his
elapsmen. Cavalier denies this, saying
that, duties which are unavoidable
make it necessary for him to relin
quish the position he has filled since
the present term begun.
Under Cavalier's direction the Cali
fornia n has cleared a handsome profit.
rreaxfy J^*>o more than has been made
in a similar period heretofore. The
profits are divided as follows: Man
ager. ZO p^r cent; editor in chief. 30
per cent; manager editor. 10 per cent;
stockholders. 10 per cent.
Although Loeb is -now editor in
chief, he will not assume the duties of
that office until next term, hence there
will be no editorials printed until
Loeb assumes formal oharge.
Manager Cavalier reported the gross
receipts of the Californian during this
term to November 14 to be $2391 90;
exr>ensr>s.}$171£ 55: net profit, 5673 35.
The net receipts for the~term will
be about $900. The net receipts last
ttrm under Eupene Hallett's manage
ment were S640. The printing bill this
t*rm was $300 more than last, the pa
per having been enlarged.
ARRESTS HUSBAND AND •- v
. ,•'; V THEN SERVES COMPLAINT
Harry C. Roberts Is IxK?ked l"p on an
Old Complaint by Neglected
OAKLAND. Dec. 2. — Claiming that
her husband has deserted her and left
her and her two children in destitute
circumstances, Clara L. Roberts has
begun an action for divorce against
Harrj- C. Roberts, formerly a barber
here. The plaintiff's brother, G. H.
Haskell, has come to the aid of his
sisier.from Blue Lakes. He had Rob
erts arrested, in San. Francisco on nn
old warrant and brought here. Rob
erts was then- served with a- copy- of
the complaint while in jaiL '
Kate Doyle obtained a divorce from
Edward Doyle to-day on the ground
of habitual intemperance. He has
been shoemaker, undertaker and fire
man in turn, but his wife showed that
he- had only griven her $5 in twelve
years.
•Judge Ellsworth to-day refused to
allow Mary Azeveda any allowance for
her support in an action brought by
her against Jose Azeveda' of San Le
andfo. ■
Paid IJutciK-rs' Demands.
OAKLAND,- Dec. 2. — John L. Davie.
manager of the California Co-opera
tive Meat Company, to-day paid $225
for the settlement of a claim against
the company made by Charles Zeigler.
E. Lafferty. Conrad Schausel and
James Stewart, members of the
Butchers" Union. The meat company
was formed for the purpose of taking
the union' men's side of the butcher*'
quarrel in this city, but in making
their demand, it is* claimed by the
men that they 'were, offered less than
union wages.- -•- ■ -
SCHLESW'IG. CKK18TMAK TREE.—To-mor
row niKht the ladies' association known as the
EcbJctris-Hclitfiner. Frauen Verein will hold
an old faskioned CbrieUnar ■ tree festival in
Eintiacht Hall en Twelfth street. There will
fee atnui>em<-nt Xor young and old and a pro-
Cram me of glee songs and dancing..
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"I hrre «n2ered with pllet for tbtttT-tls yearn
Or.e rear ago latt April I began taVtn? Cascareta
lor conftlpation. In the course of awrek 1 noticed
tbe p:ie.« i-cn to disappear and at the end of tix
week* they did not trouble me at all. Ca^careti
fctv» done wonder* forme. I am ectlrely cured and
Xeel Mite a nenraao." Ueorce Krjrder, Napoleon. O.
CANDY CATHARTIC --^^
Plewr.B«. Pr.ut.iW6. potent. Tast* Good. DoOeod.
•/? B J?H?!»- £>»*•» or Grip*. 19c. 25c. Sdr. K^er
• fi.d in WC! Tb«.C»miine tablet rtemped CCC.
wearBnte«4 t.-,-*nre or ynnr tnitr.ry buck.- ,
Sterling Remedy Cc, Chicago t>r N.Y. 553
4HHU£LSALE t tEH HJLUOH SOSES
more than the weight of the mechan
ical structure attached to the lower
part of the ballon and eighty pounds
additional. Heaten said that the bap:
was capable of holding gas enough to
raise the operating machinery and 200
pounds extra. The bag will be filled
to its capacity and another trip is
scheduled to be made to-morrow after- i
noon. ■* "r *-. I
Heaten's airsh'.p is 76 feet long. 24 I
ffet. in diameter when fully expanded
and iri shaped like a cigar. The balloon
part is capable of holding 10.000 cubic
feet of gas, the kind used to-day being
hydrogen gas. The vessel Is driven
CANNOT FIND
MEN TO SWEAR
Prosecuting Attorney Ex
plains to Police Board
Why Patrolmen Go Free
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 2.
Because of his inability to get any
one to swear to complaints against the
four policemen who were dismissed
from the Police Department for thiev
ing. Prosecuting Attorney A. P.
\ Leach's hands have been tied in the
i matter of a criminal prosecution of the
men. The Police and Fire Commission
ers to-day received a letter from Leach
j in which he said he had be'fen unable to
j persuade any of the, merchants to
; swear to the complaints. The two po
licemen who saw the actions that cast
suspicion on the quartet will not make
oath to charges of burglary.
Leach's letter reads as follows:
I beg leave to acknowledge receipt of copies
of each of the two resolutions paRned by your
honorable body with reference to the prosecu
tion of the four police officers heretofore 1 dis
charged from the police force of this city by
you for dishonesty. I ha\-e. in compliance
with the intent thereof, had a good many
consultations with the Chief of Police and haw
heen told by him what the evidence In hie
hands was. Immediately upon being Informed
of the contents of your resolutions of Novem
ber IS.. I prepared complaints charging each
of s«ai<l officers with the crime of burglary and
placed said complaints In the hands of W> J.
Hennessey, the clerk .% the- Police Court, and
the proper officer befotj whom said complaints
should be sworn to. AJ.hough I have seen the
proprietors of meet a'.l of the business houses
from which the officers confessed to have taken
articles. I have been unable to find one whr<
was willing to make the affidavit necessary as
a basis for a criminal prosecution. Both oi'
the officers who were witnesses to any part of
Jhe misdoings of- the disrharRtd policemen
have refused to sign the complaints'. - • j
In conclusion I will say that I am, of
course, ready and willing to prosecute any.
or all. of said officers against whom complaints
may be filed, but until some one swears to the
complaints against these men it is absolutely
impossible for me to take any further action.
Awaiting your further suggestion in the mat
ter, 1 remain, yours very truly,
* • '" ■ . ■ A- P. LEACH,
Prosecuting Attorney Police Court.
The letter was filed. Owing to the
absence of Commissioner: Turner the
board laid over investigation of charges
against Policeman Sill and the appoint
ment of a sergeant of police. Chief
Hodgkins said he had in hand investi
gation of Patrolman McKeegan's arrest
of J. M. Breen. a saloon-keeper, who
was acquitted in the Police Court on
charges made by the officer. The board
will hear the report at its next meet-
Ing. • Hodgkins and McKeegan were
before the Mayor this afternoon.
MOURN OVER BIER
J OF DAVID W. LORI NO
Funeral Service Held at Former Home
of Noted Musical Club
s3m Promoter.
BERKELEY, Dec. -2. — Funeral ser
vices for David W. Loring, the well
known : musician, who . died last
Wednesday, were held this afternoon
at the Loring home, 2345 Channing
way. Many friends were in attend
ance^ mourn at the bier of the for
mer, founder of the. famous Lorins
Club. Professor Thomas R. Bacon of
the university conducted the funeral
service, after which the body was tak
en to the crematory at Oakland. The
ashes will be sent to Mount Auburn
Cemetery In Massachusetts for - in
terment, the burial plat of the Lor
ing family being located there.
Alfred Wllkie of Oakland, orie of
the original members of the Apollo
'Club ' of ' Boston, which* Mr. Loring
founded, was at the -funeral to-day.
The pallbearers were Professor
Charles Mills Gayley, Professor Frank
Soule, Dr. J. F. Smith, J.-- C. Fyfe,
Charles Bundschu,' Charles N. Stone,
John G. Clark and James Ruggles.
Stroud May Leave College.
BERKELEY, Dec. 2.— Benjamin K.
Stroud,' captain of the varsity. football
team, who would graduate .next spring,
is planning To leave the university be
fore the commencement exercises are
held. His plans include the.iaccept
ance of a' position with the Alaska
Commercial Company. Last spring
Stroud found it necessary or advisable
to leave before the term was at an end
and go to work. He expects to do the
same, this year.," Stroud is : a popular
senior, a member of, the Sigma Alpha
Epsilon Fraternity.:
Recent Deaths.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2. — HugcKFugel,
formerly one of the well-known |^mer
chants of this .city, died .yesterday at
Pueblo, Colo. The funeral will take
place in. that city. -
Captain John L. ' Secco, who. for
many years ran small bay steamers
between landings on the Alameda
County side of the bay and San.Fran
cisco, died to T day at the County In
firmary at the age of 66 years.
The- funeral of_ W. B. Ingersoll will
take place on Sunday afternoon from
thp Masonic Temple under- the aus
pices of Oakland Lodge No. 188.
Campbell -Held for Trial.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2.— Lemuel : D.
Campbell was held for trial to-day
without. \bail on a, charge of having
n.urdered Laura : Cutler Campbell. The
preliminary examination 'was closed
| this morning after* Dr/ LVL."«.Riggen
; had given ; testimony ■ concerning the
I autojj« >•: „ "Attorney A. L. : Frick. for
> Campbell.* offered no: testimony,' and
; gave no indication of -the defense he
: would rrmke when the, case goes to
tHr»l-!rt Ihe' Superior Court
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 3, 190i.
ahead by a double cylinder gasoline
engine weighing sixty-eight pounds
and capable of developing fifteen
horsepower, according to the inventor.
Attached to the engine are two fans
with a surface of eight square feet.
These fans N are screw shaped and not
only do. they. propel the vessel, but the
current they generate acts on the rud
der and steers the ship from right to
left or vice versa. An aeroplane ex
tending the full length of the craft
serves to guide the ship upward and
downward. .Heaten claims that his
craft when working well will be capa
ble of traveling twenty miles an hour.
DEATH SUMMONS
ZACH T. GILPIN
Former City Treasurer of
Oakland Dies at Coif ax
After a Short Illness
. / .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1016 Broadway, Dec. 2.
Zachary T. Gilpin, who for fourteen
years was City Treasurer of Oakland,
died yesterday at Col fax, Placer Coun
ty, where he went last July hoping to
improve his health, which had been
failing for some time.
Mr. Gilpin was one of the best known
of the pioneer residents of Oakland. He
had lived here since 1877. He first came
to California with his parents, who
crossed the plains in 1849. He was edu
cated at the old college in Oakland,
which later became the University of
California. After completing his course
at college he removed to Nevada, where
he served as deputy county recorder of
Lyon County, and- was later elected to
the office of County Recorder, which he
filled for two years,
Mr. Gilpin was for six years a mem
ber of the firm of Babbitt, Manuel &
Gilpin, commission merchants. In 1878
he married Mary Babbitt,. the daughter
of his partner. In 1884 he was appoint
ed deputy city treasurer by G. M. Fish
er, and in 1889 was himself elected to
the office of City Treasurer.
Aftf-r his retirement from politii.il
life Gilpin established the Standard
Wood Company. George W. Johnson
was his partnn- in the venture, but the
business failed to pay as well as was
expected, and Gilpm's financial affairs
became badly tangled, the trouble final
ly culminating in the filing of Beveral
attachment? on the property of the
company and on property owned by
Gilpin and his wife. The first of these
attachments was filed on July 28, 1904,
by \V. E. Dean as the assignee of Dr.
W. H. Huntington, who brought suit to
collect on a note given by Gilpin for
$3600. On July 29 an attachment was
filed by H. Blais on a piece of property
owned by Mrs. Gilpin to recover on a
note for $1500 signed by Gilpin. his wife.
George W. 1 Johnson and the wife of the
latter.
Shortly before these attachments
were filed Gilpin went to Colfax in an
effort to regain his health, but it is be
lieved that his financial trouble preyed
on his mind and prevented recovery.
The news Of his death was received
last night by his family from a man
named McDonald, with whom Gilpin
had been associated ' in mining enter
prises. Mr. Gilpin was 57 years' of age
and leaves a. wife and one son, Lee Gil
pin. who reside at 1954 Webster street.
The son has gone to Colfax" to bring
the remains to this city for interment.
INCENDIARIES TRY. TO
FIRE SCHOOL BUILDING
Flames Discovered and Extinguished
by Two Young Women Who
Were Passing.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2. — An ; attempt
made this evening by an unknown jn
cendiary Ito destroy the Clawson
School, at Thirty-fourth and Magnolia
streets, was frustrated in the nick of
time by two young women, who dis
covered the blaze just as it was lick
ing the woodwork of the school and
promptly extinguished it before ; any
df.mage was done. ;
The flj-ebug attempted to set fire to
the school from the outside bybuild
inp a fire 1 against the ' struc
ture and had . it ... remained un
discovered for a few moments more
the- blaze would . have become very
hard to control. The light of" the
flames was seen, by the two women,
who were passing, and they at once
went to work to save the building.
After putting the fire out they re
ported the attempt to. destroy the
school to the firemen at the house Of
Chemical No. 2, who. at once notified
the police. The names ; of • the' two
young women were not learned.
MUST LEARN TACTICS
OR FORFEIT DIPLOMA
"Skipping" Drills and Military Studies
Will Not" Be Tolerated at
Nevada University. •.,.
RENO. Dec. 2.— Of late a "large num
ber of cadets of the University of Ne
vada have failed to attend the regular
drills and have "skipped" classes of,
military tactics. The matter was taken
up by the faculty of the college to-day
and President. Stubbs, stated in the
general assembly this afternoon that
the students must either drill and
study- military tactics or: forfeit: their
rights to graduation:
FREE FREE FREE
WITH '.
SUNDAY CALL
SMALL ADS.
' OTTO-
\* U c .
Free With .Every Small Ad in
Sunday; Call.
See Small r Ad. Page for Further
: Particulars.
PRESIDENT WHEELER SAYS
HE BELIEVES IN KNOPF
DISCREDITS VAN HORN
Makes Dramatic Announcement
in Harmon Gymnasium.
Berkeley. Office San Francisco Call,
2US Center Street, Dec. \2.
In dramatic" fashion at the semi
monthly university/ meeting in Har
mon' Gymnasium this morning Presi
dent Benjamin Ide Wheeler declared
his belief in- the innocence of Adolph
Knopf, a graduate Btudent who ■ * is
named as corespondent' in the. divorce
suit . recently brought, by Professor
Ross Van I-^orn of San Rafael. Knopf
has been in the limelight for two weeks
in Judge Ogden's court in Oakland
during the Van Horn divorce ' trial. VTtie,
court I on - last Wednesday gave Van
Horn the . decree he. prayed for, ap
parently giving credence to the hus
band's charge that Adolph Knopf had
been guilty of intimacy with Mrs. Van
Mrs. Van Horn was proprietor of a.
boarding-house at 2222 Bancroft way,
where many university students lived,
Knopf being among them. Van Horn
lived apart from his wife part -of the
time. He was formerly a school prin
cipal at San Rafael. "He suspected his
wife of unseemly conduct and swore in
court that he saw Knopf and Mrs. Van
Horn behave ; in an improper manner.
His witnesses testified that Knopf
had accompanied Mrs. Van Horn to a
lodging-house in Oakland at night. The
case was bitterly fo'ught,. with counter
charges and recrimination. The uni
versity folk took special interest in
the proceedings because several prom
inent students were on the witness
stand nnd Mrs. Van Horn was well
known In Berkeley. . ;
Knopf was called into President
Wheeler's private 'office when the di
\orce was concluded, and he gave to
YOUNG COUPLE
START LIFE
ON FRIDAY
By Zoe Green Badcliffe.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2.— Superstition evidently
finds.no lurking place. In the mind of Miss
Louise Stubbs,' for though to-day Is Friday,
the one day; of th e . seven that brides usually
avoid, she chose to wed the man of her choice.
Morgan Woodward Jellett. this evening. The
simple" home ceremony < was characteristic of
the bride, whose modest, unassuming man
ners have been one of her chief, charms. ..White
and .green, snowy chrysanthemums blending
with feathery ferns . and palms, mingled artis
tically in the- general decorative Scheme.:."
. The bridal gown of tvory satln_ and" rare
late ' was both rich and beautiful, and | "a" long
.veil was - caught . in .the v bride's "bonny brown
hair with orange" blossoms, roses* forming the
shower bouquet
In pale green silk and carrying an armful
of white carnations. Miss Blanche Tlsdale at
tended the bride. Jack Stubbs performing the
same pleasant duty for the groom.
Dr. J. E. Stubbs read the service that made
his niece Mrs. Jellett
After. a brief honeymoon Mr. and Mrs. Jel
lett will reside .-In Oakland In the pretty home
awaiting them ob Summit street, and the new
menage will probably become a rendezvous foi
musical folk, as the bride Is an accomplished
girl with a very pleasing contralto voice that
has made her a popular .member of the Wed
nesday Moraine Club. ,-.
To-night's bride Is the only daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. D. D. Stubbs. Mr. Stubbs be
lr.K a brother of the well-known traffic man
ager. J. C. Stubbs, of the Southern Pacific
Company.
It's quite the proper thing these days to
carry a package— the right kind of a "pack
age." done up In brown paper — for It Is evi
dence that you've been spending your money
In a good cause, at the doll show. . If only
halls were as elastic as are good kind human
hearts! Then the Ebell rooms could accom
modate with more comfort the crowds of lit
tle folks and grown-ups that are spending
their small change generously to aid In caring
for the wee ones In the West Oakland Home.
And there are to many pretty •■ things — Just
what you need, of course — that one cannot
help wishing for the purse of a Plerpont Mor-
gan or even some of the purses nearer home.
The living, pictures naturally are the main
attraction and there is always a crowd before
the green curtains that par£ and disclose the
great framed pictures . that rival In variety
the numerous art exhibits . we've 'had lately.
"Take Me With You" and "The Morning
Bath" were the masterpieces to-day. The
first showed a big ■ open valise with year-old
Kendall Hall — the. beautiful Infant son of Percy
Hall, the well-known track athlete — peeping
out. of It and crowing ■ happily at his ap
provlne audience.
• ■ Little John and Joe Breedlove were par
ticipants In the other tableau, and, like all the
children. In fact, who are taking part, posed
remarkably well.
' The other pictures this' afternoon were:
"Welcome." Etta Schrock; '.'Got a Bite."
Carlton Welns. Helen Mehrmann and Irene
Orr; "Iowa Pride," ., Ethan Allen; : "My
Glasses." Fritz 'Nordhaupen; "Sis Hopkins."
Dorothy Capwell; "Too Hot," Phoebe Matthews
and Margaret Breedlove; Etta
Schrock; "Now ■' You're Married," Dorothy
Carter. Alfred Carter and Alice Palmer; "Mar
guerite," Pearl Schleuter; "Goodnight," Dor-
othy Price. - -
■ Baby Tobrlner. ' Iookhig . very much like a
live French-doll In blue, sang and acted out
a song in a Very cunning rtianner. .
; The 'doll show wljl close- to-morrow night,
when the raffle awards will, be made. The
prize dolls are beautiful, the: awards being as
follows: First prizes. . Mrs. Oscar Lunlng,
Mrs. E. A. Carroll, Ye Liberty Theater and
Mrs. Trescott. The second prizes, Mrs. Oscar
Lunlng. Mr*. W. Backus. Mrs. I. A.'iBeretta
and Mme. de Soto.*- The third prizes. Miss
Sterrett. Mrs.. Frank" Wedgewood and Mrs.
Kessler.: ' .
Miss Kate Jackson, who is staying in San
Francisco, at the Empire, . for the winter, will
entertain at luncheon. next Monday.
• Mrs.' John L. Howard has sent out, cards for
a - large . reception next "Wednesday,, at which
she will Introduce her son's bride, Mrs. John
L.- Howard Jr..- and Miss, Jean Howard. \
-Mrs. Robert- Duncan was hostess at a'must
cale last • evening that was a v*ry del'prhtfur
affair. The guests were: Dr. and Mrs." Harry
Carleton. •*; Mr. ■. and "*' Mrs. William '. Lynham
fchlels." Mr. and Mrs. Wines. Mr.'. and Mrs.
Charles . Egbert. Miss Jessie Barstow, - the
Misses Lavelle." Captain Flske. William Eng
lish. Sam ' Hardy.- Cleve Baker.' Reeves Baker.
Ernest Dyer. Mr. - Bush. * Mr. . Lowell and ' Mr.
Hunter. ■■ • V
■The Want to KnowClub was entertained, by
Mrs. T. C. Shankland last ' Monday, ■ the guests
enjoying a luncheon and 'an Informal hour or
so with music- and ,
: Mies Cassle • Brown entertained the members
of a , whist club at: her, home Tuesday evening.
Smilax : and ■ yellow - chrysanthemums ■ decorated
the . apartments . in a pleasing fashion. The
three prizes , were ■ won by ; A. ■ J. Flynn. \ Miss
Eleanor Keegan and T. J J. "... Brown. ' - The ," club
includes" among -Its members:- .Mr.' and Mrs.
Af J. Flynn,. Mr. and Mrs. ; Berwick. ■ Mr." and
Mrs. :, Charles • Ehert. ; Mr. - and » Mrs. ' Perreau,
, Mrs..,D. Mitchell.' Miss Keegan, Miss
Frances Schuster and Miss Cassle Brown: Mr.
Montle Wentworth. Mr.-- Estas Shrader. ■ Mr.
.T. . J. v Brown and Mr. ■ Will ■ Morris.
Servian Cabinet" Resigns.
BELGRADE, .Servia, Dec. 2.— The
Cabinet" has' resigned; V *
v i The.j l reJ>ignatlon" *of the . Servian Cabi
net- is ;due ito; atdisagreement i over ' the
buildings of new.i railroads, i The Min
istry wa's : ct-nstituted; in [;, February,
1903.* under. Premier 'Druyes. '.
the president .his word of honor that
the charges against him were untrue.
The sequel to that conversation came
this. morning, when President Wheeler
said to the students, who packed HarJ
nion Gymnasium, following an ad
dress by Joseph Redding of San Fran-
Mr. Adolph Knopf, a graduate student and
holder ' of the Goewey scholarship, has given
me his word of honor that the allegations of
B:oraJ uncleanness made against him are ab
solutely false. I believe him.. I believe he Is
entirely Innocent; otherwise he could not stay
The announcement was received in
silence, the students being unprepared
for it by any preliminary word from
the president and many of them, ap
parently being unaware of its signifi
cance, not knowing, perhaps, that con
siderable adverse criticism had been
made by the public "of Knopf and of
the university authorities for permit
ting him to remain as a university stu-
Rev. A. I* Parsons of the Episcopal
Church of Berkeley addressed the stu
dents to-day on the subject of "Tdeal
Homes." He referred to the Van Horn
divorce case and indirectly to Knopf,
saying that recent occurrences touch
ed upon by President Wheeler Illus
trated his point that "levity. too often
characterizes the putting on and the
putting off of the marriage relation."
Joseph D. Redding entertained the
students with a thirty, minutes* ac
count of a bicycle tour In Italy which
he and Hugo. 'Poland took several
years ago. telling in humorous fashion
of his experiences and emphasizing the
cheapness and desirability of travel
ing away from the beaten paths abroad
if one desires to really secure benefit
from a foreign trip.
EVENTS THAT
INTEREST THE
UNIVERSITY
BERKELEY. Dec. 2.— Milton Schwart*. one
of the men most prominent in tb* history of
dramatic productions at the university, has
been, selected to coach the cast which will
produce the sophomore . class burlesque this
year. Schwartz acted In a similar capacity
for the Junior class which was so successful
in producing Walter de Leon's farce last week
In San Francisco. The sophomore production
will be made next February at the Macdonougb
Theater In Oakland
Professor H. T JR. HatfleJd waa the'' speaker
at a recent ■ meeting' of • the Bookkeepers' As
sociation in. Oakland, held In the St. Andrew's
Club rooms In the Blake block. Professor
Hatfleld's subject was: "What are Profits?"
He treated the subject from the standpoint of
an accountant' and cited many legal decisions
to Illustrate hl 8 points. . * -
Profeesor Charles M. Bakewell of the depart
ment of philosophy -is to speak' before the
Men's League qJ the First Congregational
Church in Oakland on- December 11. taking
for his subject "The Soul as Personal." Pro
fessor Howlson will speak before the same
organization on December 16. his subject to
be "The Immortality of the Soul."
,-A cross-country trip to Wildcat Canyon
has been arranged by the associated graduate
students for Saturday. The party will meet
at the library steps at 1 o'clock. An ex
cursion to Mount Tamalpals on December 22
is also being arranged.
The following officers have been elected by
the freshmen debating club: President, F. A.
White; vice president. M. E. Harrison; secre
tary. F. A. Whitney; treasurer, C. J. Booth.
The assistance and advice of Professor W.
B Rising has been asked by the San Fran
cisco Boned of Health in the task of improv
ing the laboratory service of th« Health De
partment in that city. Dr. Ward, president
of the Health Board, is anxious to make the
department of research the finest In the coun
try and so has called in Professor Rising of
the State University and Professor Etillman
or Stanford to aid In the task.
The women students of the university have
designed a college calendar, replete with illus
trated . features pertaining to the university,
■which. they purpose- selling at the "co-op"
store, the profits to be ua.ed In maintaining
the college Y. W. C. A. work. The cover
design was drawn by Miss Camllle Johnson.
Other artist students have contributed sketches.
A college girl In party dress Is shown, as
are also the senior women In caps and gowns,
with a flashlight of Harmon Qymnaslum
when a dance is on and pictures of university
buildings. The "co-op" store will be turned
over to the women next Monday for the sale
qf the calendars.
■ The seniors' smoker was held last night in
Golden Sheaf Hall. Boxing, wrestling, music
and .' stories constituted the programme. De
Leon and Rust, the "gold dust twins." did a
stunt as comedians ' and singers. * Others on
tt\6 programme were Messrs.' McVey, Cameron,
Klelnschmltt. Mace. ' Montgomery. Berry, Al
len, Nishklan and Stokes.
IRVINE STRAIGHTENING
OUT. PROPERTY TANGLE
Brings Suit Against Holders of Invalid
Mortgages to Make Them Show ,_.
-What Interests They Have.
OAKLAND, Dec. 2. — Suit to have
settled how far the buildings erected
upon his land constitute a lien against
it, was begun by James Irvine to-day
against "Warren G. Sahborn; Oscar G.
and .William G. May and others. The
defendants ' advanced loans, upon the
realty and accepted mortgages from
men who had no title to it and they
now allege that they have -an interest
in the property because their money
went into the houses built upon the
premises
The action grows out of a transac
tion whereby a man assuming to. be
the owner, of a block of land at
Dwight way and Choate street in
Berkeley sold it to,E. J. Shepardson
and his brother,. who in turn borrow
ed the money with which'to build the
houses: When the. real Irvine turned
up' they. deeded him the. land," but the
holders of the mortgage now have
nothing but a suit in equity as secur
ity for; their, money. Irvine, however,
brings : the actio nto see what sort -of
a. settlement he can make for the
buildings. • ■<
Want Pay for Books.
OAKLAND, . Dec. 2.— The trial of a
similar'suit to the one' brought by .E.
Holdaway &'-; Co., now under advise
ment, against the testate of the late
Josephine Dunsmuir for $15,000 worth
of" rare books was begun to-day.
George H. Barrie & Son of Philadel
phia bring . action against the estate
for a similar demand for $9463 75 for
books bought'- f rom them by deceased
prior to her death. The claim was
not allowed by Charles H. Lovell.jthe
executor, upon the :ground> that 'the
deceased at the time she bought the
books i was - not competent: to make a
contract. HatMBRsBSll
' Fairbanks in . Washington,
'. WASHINGTON?; : Dec. 2.— Senator
Fairbanks,' Vice '.President: elect, ar
rived-In Washington to-day; to remain
i during." ther 'session';. of * Conjrress. He
was accompanied ; by. Mrs/f Fairbanks.
HOTLY RESENTS
SENIOR'S ACT
Professor Soule Scores Man
Who Had Accused Him
of a Contemptible Deed
NAMES STEEL COMPANIES
Carnegie and Cambria Men
Figure in Story Told by
Instructor at University
Berkeley Office San Francisco Call,
2148 Center Street, Dec. 2.
Bitterly resenting what he termed an
"underhanded attack upon his honor
and integrity," Professor Frank Soule,
head of the civil engineering depart
ment of the university, to-day treated
his class to an excoriation of a student,
name unknown, who has nought to put
Professor Soule in the light of a
"double-dealing grafter."
; Professor Soule's announcement !
created a sensation. He refused to re- i
veal the name of the student who had
so excited his wrath, contenting him
self with. saying that the offender is a
senior connected with the Engineering
College.
The Carnegie Steel Company and the
Cambria . Steel Company, giant cor
porations that are deadly rivals, figure
In the atory which Professor Soule
told to his class. Professor Soule a
few months ago secured from the
Cambria Company several hundred
books, dealing with problems in con
nection with steel material, paying
about 50 'cents „ apiece for them, and
selling them to studen£s, who sub
scribed for them at the professor's
suggestion. . * ,~\ -
Later Mr. Isaacs of the Carnegie
Company, hearing that Professor
Soule's students were paying for the
Cambria books about steel, sent to the
department here a quantity of the
Carnegie books for distribution gratis
among the junior class.
To his class to-day Professor Soule
said:
The co-operative store took charge of the
books and under my advice gave them only to
those who had shown enough interest in the
matter to subscribe to the Cambria books.
After all these had been supplied the books
were given to the members of the class who
applied for them, as was the Intention of the
donor.
A man In the senior class of mechanical en
gineering, who has no claim upon me or upon
the books, wrote to Mr. Isaacs of the Carnegie
company, accusing me of giving the books
only to those who would subscribe for the pub
lication of a rival steel company, the Cambria.
He accused me of dealing In a very con
temptible way with the firm, which was kind
enough to do me and the class a favor. He
wrote what was absolutely untrue and did it
without consulting me of 'giving m« a chance
to state the true facts. Later, when I applied
to Mr. Isaacs for more books, the supply hav
ing proved inadequate. I waa told that no
more could be given this year.
'■ Gentlemen,' I resent, the action of this senior
i very keenly. He attacked my honor and has
put me in a false light. I resent It particu
larly because It was done behind my back.
There are 'six of the Carnegie books left, and
I shall leave their distribution to one who has
tackled several things successfully, including
the Stanford football team— James Force of
the varsity football team and this class. -
The class "gave three cheers for Pro
fessor Soule and the books in ques
tion were put Into the hands of O. M.
Boyle for distribution, Force- being
absent. '
Army and Navy Orders
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— By order of
the War Department Sergeant Joseph
W. Harrison and Corporal Charles E.
Mitzell of the hospital corps, when re
lieved from further duty with the med
ical department exhibit at the Louis
iana Purchase Exposition, will be sent
to the Presidio of San Francisco, re
porting to the commanding officer of
B of the hospital corps. They
will conduct the following-named en
listed men who will be sent to Manila
on the transport sailing from San
Francisco about January 1st: Privates
of the first class William Balz. Jonah
Broyles, William E. Coffman. Henry
G. Hammond, Albert E. Hannineton.
James D. Henderson, Maurice D. Low
enthal. Edward F. McQuillan. William
Morris, T. R. Pennlngton, Max Sigel,
W. F. Sliney, John J. B. Steltz. Ferd
G. Vogel and Ben Zooman. and Pri
vates Alphonse J. Bryant. Thomas J.
Burns, Jesse S. Davenport and Wil-
Ham C. Wltzis.
Leave of absence on account of sick
ness granted to First Lieutenant Gor
don N. KImball, Twelfth Cavalry, is
extended one month on a surgeon's cer
tificate of disability. Captain James
Canby, paymaster, ;is relieved from
duty at St. Louis and will proceed to
San r Francisco and report to the com
mander, of the general department of
California for duty. Sergeant Louis C.
Thuerlng of the hospital corps, at St.
Louis, will accompany the Philippine
Scouts to San Francisco for assignment
to duty in the department of Cali
fornia. Supervising Dental Surceon
John H. Hess will sail for Manila on the
transport sailing ;. about February 1.
1905. Sergeant of the - first class A.
Metzner, privates of the first class C.
Brownfleld, Robert H. Green and Cal
ixte Manaste and Private Earl H. Zane
of Company I, Sixth Infantry, at the
World's Fair, station, will, when . their
services be no- longer required there,
be sent to San Francisco and thence to
Manila.
Orders to officers of the navy— Passed
Assistant Surgeon A. M. Fauntleroy Is
detached from the Lancaster at the
navy . yard at League Island to Nor
folk, on December 6. thence to accom
pany a draft of men to Mare Island.
Cal., thence : to Philadelphia, with ad
ditional duty at the navy yard at Puget
Sound, Wash.
BLOW AIMED AT AMERICAN
SHIPPING IN PHILIPPINES
Island Companies Slay Unite to
Keep the Coastwise Business
MANILA, Dec. 2. — A protective amal
gamation of the coastwise shipping In
terests of the Philippine Islands is pro
posed, with the object of preventing
United States steamship companies
from invading and capturing the field.
A dispatch from Manila on December
1 said that Major General Corbln, mili
tary commander of the Philippines,
was in favor of giving the army trans
portation business only to steamship
and railroad companies capable of
handling a large volume of business,
and that It. was '■ his purpose to confer
with steamship companies in the United
States with a view to Inducing them
to establish a line of up-to-date Inter-
Island steamers. 5*/3f§
Would Xot Fortify Sabls: Bay
MANILA, Dec. 2.— Major, General Cor
bln, military commander of the Philip
pines, and Rear Admiral Stirling, eom'
mander^of the Philippine squadron of
the Asiatic fleet, are not In favor of
, fortifying Subis Bay.
BRANCH OFFICES
OF THE CALL IN
ALAMEDA COUNTY
OAKLAXD.
1016 Broadway.
Telephone Main 10S3
BERKELEY.
SMS Center Street.
Telephone North 11.
ALAMEDA.
1435 Park Street.
Telephone Alameda 559.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
A lameila County.
FRIDAY. DECEMBEH 2.
Mary M. Buck et al. to OrviUe A. and EXIa
»beth A. Smith. lot on N line of Aethn* ave
nue. 100 w of San Pablo avenu?. W 35 by K
82. lot «1. Cordea Tract. Oakland: $10. • "\.v
George N. Razbuke to Jane Razbuke (wife),
lot on W Itne of Louisa street. 200 N of
Eighth. N 75 by W 133. being »ubdlvlalons A.
B and C. lot 10. block 702. raap 2, Watts
Tract, first party reserves Ufa estate. Oak
land; rifr.
XV. and Alles W. Canada* (wife) (per W1I
lard Canaday. her attorney) to F. M.
Cmphred. undivided cne- third of lot beginning
at a point -i>.:i W from W line of San Pab'.o
avenue and 125 >T from N line of Park ave
nue. N 2W>, XV 60, 8 200. E 110 to beginning,
portion of plat 8. KeUersberKer"» map »f
Ranches V*. and. D Peralta, EmeryrtUe. Oak
land Township: $10.
F. E. and Mary Armstrong (wife) to Iren»
Coll (xingle). lot on W line of Walnut «treet.
195:4 S of Ro»e. 8 2u0 by W 12f>. lots 23 t»
SJ and portion of lots 27 and 34. block 4, re
lubdlvtson of blocks 3 and 4, Antlsell Tract,
BerKeley; $100.
F. S. and Emily M. Page (wife) to Elll*
Boucher Rlckards Knninr sol#>>. lot on KW
corner of Derby <Russ) and Una streets. W
45 by N 100, portloa of lot 9. block ». prop
erty of John Kearney, etc. Berkeley; |10. '
The Realty Syndicate to James Ure (mar
ried), lota 16 and 17. block 10. map of Mc«
Q>e Tract, portion plaft>7. etc.. Berkeley; 910.
Elizabeth I. Grannls (widow) to John T.
Morrison, lot on W line of Benvenu* avenue,
211.45 N of Parker. N 50 by W 1S9.49. lot 12.
block B. map 3. Killegass Tract. Berkeley;
$10.
Berkeley DevehK>ment Company to Geary
Baldwin, lot 4. block B. Hopkins Terrace, map
No. 3 etc.. Berkeley; $10.
Louis and Lotte H. Titus fwife) to Berkeley
Development Company 40 acres as in twenty
fifth deed, Man to Titus, transfer 4227. De
cember 1. 19Pt. said property havlnff been sub
divided as per map, Fairview Park, Berkeley;
$10.
Grace G. and Frederick f. Stratton (hus
band) to Mary C. Smith (widow), lot on S line
of Lester avenue. 137.9 W of Newton. W 72.">.
S 125. E 57, N 12«.5.lot 13. block D* Peralta
Height*, East Oakland; $10.
C. M. and Lena G. MaeGre^or to Ad«»laidn"
Haynes (widow), let on S line of Thirty-fourth
•traet. 149:7 E of Market. E 31 by S 10O. por
tion lots 5 and 6. block E. property Central
Land Company, Oakland: $10.
Fred and Agnes Relchold (wife) to Lewli
Relchold. undivided half of lot on R line of
Forty-third street. 140 E of Linden. E SO by S
100. lot 6 block 2004. Aldcn Tract at Ternescal.
Oakland;' $10.
City of Oakland (by Felton Taylor. Ta* Col
lector) to J. E. McEHrath Jr.. all Interest In
lots 16. 17 and 18, block 21C3. AltJen Tract,
Oakland, quitclaim deed; $1.1.
Frances C. and Walter W. Woodcock (hus
band) to Darwin S. Fish, lot on NW line of
Eleventh avenue, 800 NE from ME boundary
line of town of Clinton. NE 37 :B by NW 150.
Fart Oakland: $10.
Mcuntain View Cemetery Association to Ern
est Mayrisch Jr.. lot In cemetery. Oakland
Township; $eo. •-.-*. ..-
Kate F. Keys (widow) to Ida H. Rorrtck. lot
on S line of Channlng way. 20O E of I>ana
street E 25 by S 133. Berkeley; $P0.
Evelyn II. Shaw (»inprlr) to Thntnas Lindsay,
lot '16, block D. map Carrison Tract. Berkeley
(deed given to secure note of $100 signed by S.
R. Shaw for six months at S-Rer cent): $10.
. Frank Luce and Marie I. Batsman (wife) (by
George Leonard and Fredertclt H. Clark, trust
ees) to Joseph J. Mason. 712 D. 332. lot 12,
block B. map 1". Bateman Tract, Berkeley,
trustees d»ee<1; $415.
Joseph. J.' and Barbara Ma.cn to Eug«n» U
Brock, same; $100. ■ ■ ■
M»rl«' Hl'Jegass (wMot) to Regents TTnlver
wty of California (a corporation), 1.49 awes on
NW corner cf Bancroft way and College ave
nue. W 2^<\ N 2tX.M. E 252.70, S 269:0 to be
ginning, portion plat 71. Kellersberger's map
Ranchoa V. and U. Peralta and known as th*
"Homestead." map- Hlllegass Tract >» of Ban
croft way, Berkeley; S18.5SD.
Sam* to same, lot on N Une of Bancroft way,
230 W of "College avenue. N 253.53. E 53. 00.
NW 323 to center Sylvan way. W on line curv
ing to W and S, etc.. 133.S0, thence on tan
gent to said curved line SW 1S0.50, SE SO. 9
472.H4. etc., E 23S.97,to beginning. Berkeley;
$17.M«>.
Marie Hillegass et al. to aame. all that por
tion of plat 71. Kel!erab«rger"s map of subdi
vision Rancho* V. and D. Peralta. which lies
between N line of Bancroft way on S rtnd haa
for its N boundary S line of lands of Unlver
rity of California as said S line Is described In
tax deed 1*9. Berkeley: - also all Interest in
water rights appurtenant to said property as i
all watsr rights served by and to grantors tn
*ald deed. Berkeley; $10.
RUNAWAY MAY CAUSE ; V
DEATH OF PLUCKY CTRL
Train Frlphtens Horse and Fair Driver
Is Thrown From Baggy on
Her Head.
REDDING, Dec. 2. — As Miss Au
della Welch was driving along tha
county road from Anderson to-night
her horse took fright at a. passing
train and turning suddenly bolted
toward town. One of the rear wheels
of the buggy struck a telegraph pol«
and was knocked off, but Miss Welch
pluckily held on to the retns. She
endeavored - to keep the frightened
animal in the middle of the road, but
the horse ran between the fence anfl
another pole, knocking one of the
front wheels off. The second shock
threw the plucky girl from the buggy
and she struck upon her head, frac
turing the skull. There are but slight
hopes for her recovery.
SIMPLE, CEREMONY MARKS ->-«*
FUNERAL OF JAXAUSCIIEK
Little Band of Actors Attends the
Services Over Body or Once
( Noted Actress.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2. — A. little -band
of actors gathered in the chapel of an
undertaker's establishment to-day to
take part in the funeral service over
the body of Madame FranceSca Ro
mana Janauschek. once a. noted ac
tress, who died last Monday in a home
on Long Island. The - very simple
ceremony was In marked contrast to
the many stirring events of her long
life. It consisted of the reading of
the brief service of the Roman Catho
lic.church and a eulogy b» Milton No
bles, a member of the executive com
mittee of the Actors' Fund, which
cared for the deceased in her declin
ing years.
ApVEltTlSJaiEyTS.
i'-li ' - «- |Po«itivelycnred by
P A RTT DO these kittle Pills.
1/HlM Ll\0 They also relieve t>!>
E-JJ3 ■«_] r> tres3 tro:a D 7 s T e F £la » t*-
Sgjjjp ITT LE d!g:esTion and Too Hearty
gal I \t E* D EatlBg: A perfect rem-
raj Lf-T 1 !* edy tor Dizziness. Nansea.
Kjj FJLLS^ Drcrwslness. Bad Taste
jfcft jgfl to Month. Coated
»&aJKJ3?tfl TongTia, Pala In Uie Side,
*-_ 1 TORPID LTVER.- They
regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
SMALL PILL SMALL DOSL SHALLPR1CL
VnirrTrnglCURE SICK HHADAUUJ.
BBittle Gsnuine Musi Bear -
M 1VER Fac-S^mile Signafjn
aPlLLS. ■•'■■" ' .Jpr ''CATCHES FIRE AT HER ANCHORAGE
Awakened from sound sleep by the
glare of flames Captain E. F. Stan
nard of the ship Centennial, moored
in Session* Basin, off East Oakland.
leaped from his berth at 2:20 o'clock
yesterday morning to find himself
surrounded by fire. The flames filled
the cabin of the vessel with stifline
smoke, through which the captain
fought his way. to the door. Reaching
the deck he found the entire after Dart
of the ship on are. the flames having
already broken through the roof of the
cabin and deckhouse and reached the
lower epars and rigging.
Realizing that he could not cope with
the fire, the captain rang the ship's
bell to attract the attention of the
crews of other ships in the basin, and
then set about saving what he could
from his cabin. The fire had already
been seen and soon several boatloads
of men* boarded the vessel, but the
flames had too great a start and could
not bt extinguished with the means at
hand- As soon as the fire was seen
from the shore an alarm was sent to
the police station and Xight Captain
W- J. Petersen. knowing that the ship
could not be reached from the shore,
at once telephoned to San Francisco
for assistance.
The Epreckels tug Reliance. Captain
Downey, reached the burning ship
about 4 o'clock. The fire tug Gov
ernor Markham arrived a few minutes
later. Heavy streams of water soon
had the flames under control, and at 7
o"clock the fire was finally extinguished.
While the "fire was at Its heieht the
main and mizzen masts of the ship
crashed overboard, the former striking
the schooner Ida Schnauer. which was
moored close to the Centennial. The
latter was badly damaged and narrow
ly escaped being set on fire by the
blazing spars.
When the fire was first discovered it
had already got a good start. Its ori
gin is unknown, but Captain Stannard
thinks it was caused by rats carry Ins
matchf-s in the fishermen's auarters. In
pplte of the efforts of tho captain nearly
all the charts and instruments of the
?hip were lost.
The Centennial is owned by the
Alaska Packers' Association, and val
ued at $30,000. The vessel was an old
one. having been built in Massachu
setts thirty years ago. The owners es
timate the damage at $10,000, with no
insurance.
«
Liner Korea Sails.
¦ Mner Korea, since her ar
tB the Orient Xovemb-r 25.
-.soharged the cargo with which
hr-r holdfl were filled to the hat<-h"s
and tak^n in Its place about 8100 tons
ag freight. The loading was
k last night and at
1 o'clo k this afternoon tfie Kor^a
• on another voyage to the
The taking off of the Gaelic, which
E % tad after discharging
o.rgo, necessitates a readjust
of the truns-Pacific schedule,
" i get the new arrangement in
Korea is allowed only seven
In adition to making
I Mart she will on this voy
- r.g at Shanghai and jy
me she starts back will havj
sufficiently on the original
lule to sail according to the time
table laid out for the Coptic.
The Korea's cargo is mostly for
ind consists principally of
er. machinery and cotton. She
¦arry 150 cabin passengers, with
hlnese and 100 Japanese in the
tic steerage. Among the passen
t>e a number of prominent
>-sc Bishop M. C. Harris of the
pai church will travel on the
as far as Yokohama. Barber
• p of New York will also be a
passenger. Mr. and Mrs. James K.
:I1 go as far as Honolulu.
Bulger, who is connected with the
Smelting Company, Is the twin
er of John K. BuUrer, the United
spector of hulls and boilers.
So much alike are the brothers that
'riends frequently mis
for the other and at the Pa
: office James K. Bulger, as
had great difficulty in persuad
the passenger department that he
was not John K. Bulger. Government
Short of Provisions.
<-ajn*:n uic^mso <.z Uie steamer Whittier.
which Arrived yeMerday at Portland, reports
having epekin the schooner Coqullta and sup
plied her wi;h provisions. The Coquille loft
h»re October 22 for Bandon. and some anxiety
■".a* felt fcr her safety. Captain Dlcts-m also
reports that the Coquille had beea In hoary
■we*th»r. in which r>art of her riMine- wss
c*rr:<xi away.
-Tbe schooner Belia. which left here October
16 for Slusl&w.is tiro making a Ions pasiag«.
£n«s tvas ticker), howwtr. November 23 at 10
a. m.. In latitude 44 22 north, longitude 12* 1«
west, ty the stearn scbooaer Centralla, which
arrived here ytrterdty.
Overdue liar!* Uninscrable.
The overdue Norwegian bark Kir.n, bound
• from Buenos Ayres for Faimouth, wu potted
Kt Llcyiis yesterday as -,: surable. The Brit
ish bark Pitcairn Island, out 127 days from
thi» Kcrt fcr ACclaide, it en the overdue list
• at 10 vtr cor.t. Other vessel* are quoted for
r»"!neu:ancc es follows: TrooD, 15 r>er cent-
Fhreu fibur>-, 40 r'.r cent: Stork. 20 per cent.
*nd K<I!th U:y, ali per cent. U
-•
Water Front Notes.
The army trenssort I«-ean. which left the
* hurf on Thursday at noon, waited at anchor
rff Meijrrs wharf until yesterday aTternron
for a belated detachment of th« Phlllppia*
coBBtabuktry.
The Pactfie ilall Comoany'i San Juan will
mil at ncoa to-day for Picimi and war
porta. She wIU tefce 2100 tons of oargo.
Among tfce passeacera will be Lacnla Kalaer
A Ea*rican Consul at Mara Can, who baa been
tn Washington on lssnortant business con
nected with els office.
The freighter Xcbraskan, which arrived yes
terday «.t San Diego from K«w Tork, reports
having spoken the ship M. F. Plant, bouad
to this sort from Philadelphia, on November
«. la S7 14 »,uth. S3 14 west. Th« Nebnakan
lert New Tork 49 days aco.
The steamship Minnesota left Coronet No
vember 23 for this xwrt. Shs should be hers
In a.bout two weeks.
Captain Cousin* of tho steamsbio Queen
which arrired yesterday from Puget Sound,
reports .having had a remarkably fine passage
Ur*I J*L t V lae 1 year - The Queea brought »
TarVe? lZ £ ' B ° rt - Th<S laM ***** oi "»•
VEWS Of THE OCEAX.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British ship Maryborough Hill was
gfKS rett""a *Jr tor "^verpool. England, with
XV* bartfweod log>, vS^f SjXg^™ ""
Charters.
-The British ship Ard^cralg ar.d the B-itish
berk lEvermark are chartered for lumber fro^
Puget Bound to Melbourne. AdTlaidT^ pT t
P,rt«,mx 3O.. The French bark DavidVkn^™
<at Tacoma), was ekarte-«l r>^« . Anjers
ror wheat then to &i££e « io/ d to «"!»»»
The schooner George E. Billlnrs* wm i-\^
rcneral merchandiee here and at alrSa toi
Sydney at »s; the bark Martha T>Lv£
lores to Honolulu with generaJca^ 1 ' **'
Exports for the North.
The steamer Umatllla sailed on Thnrsdav
for Victoria with an ■ assorted merchandise
cargo, consigned to the port of destination
and the prtncijal BrftlEh Columbia t>orta.
valued at 16836 and including the followlne^*
226 pkg* fresh fruits, 26 pkgi fresh vsiel
t*b!«. »7S0 Ibi raisins, 6885 lbs dried fruit
186 Baldwin*. 37.765 lbs malt, 839 lbs cheese
6420 lbs 'nuts. 1800 lbs chooolatv693 Ibsdrted
rFNTFNNIAI 'RAni' Y nA-MAOPri
OLD SHIP CKXTENNIA.L. OF THE ALASKA PACKERS' ASSOCIATION FLEKT. AS SHE LOOKS AFTER HER BATTLE 1
WITH THE FLAMES WHICH ATTACKED THE VESSEL EARLY YESTERDAY MORNING IN SESSIONS BASIN OFF
EAST OAKLAND. THE FIRE WAS EXTINGUISHED AFTER THREE HOUR6T-
rtih. 451 lbs sugar, 330 lbs meals, 4500 lbs
beans, 10 pkgs groceries and provisions. 7 cs
honey, 4 crts paste. 36 sheets 2 bdls steel, 50
pkgs wagan material. 5 crts sewing machines.
23 cs arms and ammunition, 20 pkgs electrical
supplies, 53 pkgs roofing material. 1 cs ma
chinery, 100 tins matches. 0 pes Iron. 85 boiler
tubes.
In addition to the foregoing the steamer
carried S125 lbs dried fruit, valued at J296,
consigned to Calrary. Northwest Territory,
and 447.992 lbs pig lead, valued at $13,440, en
route to Kobe. Japan.
The Sonoma'p Cargo.
Tee Oceanic Steamship Company's Sonoma
sailed on Thursday for Sydney via Honolulu,
Pago Pago and Auckland with a general mer
chandise cargo valued at $2SS,8OO. to be dis
tributed as follows: For Honolulu, $109,534;
Bamoan Islands. $27,961; New Zealand, $58,300;
Australia, H04.175; South Africa. JS30- The
following were the leading experts:
To Honolulu — 400 bbls flour. 1799 pkgs fresh
fruits. 124 pkgs fresh vegetables, 744 pkgs po
tatoes, 110 pkgs onions, 4400 gals 15 cs wine,
25 cs champagne, 12 cs liquors, 10 cs mineral
water, 75 cs whisky. 53 gals gin, 79 gals bran
dy. 8023 lbs 11 cs bread. 6730 lbs codfish, 371
cs canned goods. SOSO lbs 4 cs ralElns, 4077
lbs 1 cs dried fruit, 3900 lbs 6 cs meals, 76
pkgs groceries and provisions, 25 bbls salmon.
1736 lbs cheese, 41 cs table preparations, 1479
lbs nuts, £720 lbs butter, 3&) ctls barley, 135
ctls wheat. 31.817 lbs middlings. 5023 lbs
beans. 11 ctls corn. 35OO lbs salt. 22 cs olives,
1137 lbs 2 cs candy, £2 cs eggs. 6 cs chocolate,
10 cs salad oil. 14.010 lbs lard. 6000 lbs ham
and bacon, 1762 lbs 6 bxs dressed poultry.
4C85 lbs fresh meat, 12i5 lbs 8 cs fresh fish.
19,965 lbe 42 cs manufactured tobacco, 63 pkfs
drugs. 300 bxs soap, 202 pkgs dry goods. 14
r« hats and caps. 5 bales duck. 5 pkgs leather,
59 pkgs paints. 25 cyls ammonia. 9 pkgs nails,
276 bars 66 bdls iron. 201 pes 8 bdls steel, 63
pkgs electrical supplies, 42 bdls snooks, 57
pkgs paper. 20 pkgs machinery. 69 cs oils,
37 pkgs building material, 192.000 lbs cement.
79 cs boots and shoee, 15 bales twine, 50
boiler tubes, 49 bdls 10© pea pipe.
To Samoan Islands — 22 bbls flour, 261 cs 3
pkgs salmon. 20 cs gin, 10«cs whisky. 28 bbls
beer. 43 pkgs fresh fruits. 37 pkgs potatoes, 9
crts onions, 77 pkss groceries and provisions,
64 cs canned goods, 4S0<> lbs ric«, 874 lbs bread,
3 cs mineral water, 250 lbs 1 cs dried fruit,
1348 lbs bran, 1011 lbs middlings, 5074 Ib3
sugar, 6500 ft lumber, 362 pkgs naval stores,
4 bales twine, 7 bdls oars. 9 pkgs drugs. 1 pkg
tnechlnery, 3 cs arms and ammunition, 21 bdls
shocks, 13 bales begs, 3 cs boots and shoes,
4 cs dry goods.
To New Zealand — 3565 pkgs fresh fruits,
2231 cs canned fruit, 60.555 lbs raieins. 3S.921
lbs 7 cs dried fruit. 3650 lbs 4 cs oodfish. 10
es table preparaticris. 104C lbs nuts, 1175 lbs
3 cs cajiAy. 2.115 lbs bean?. 55 pkgs cereal
fonds, 65 cs canned vegetables, 50 cs canned
salmon, 320 pkgs metal polish. 66 pkgs ma
chinery. B0 cs drugs. 10 cs arms and ammuni
tion. & pkg» roofing material. 23 bales broom
corn. £2 cs boots and shoes, 93 pkgs bicycles
and parts, 25 crts sewing machines, 10 bbls
lubricating oil.
To Australia— 22.790 lbe hops, 4145 pkgs fr««h
fruits. 21.000 lbs codfish. 6S76 cs canned sal
mon. 60 bbls 200 half bbls plcJclad salmon. 215
crts potatoes. 1100 lbs chocolate, 18S0 lbs 1
cs candy 7825 lbs dried fruit. 3960 lbs raisins,
&s96 lbs coffee. 4 casks bottled beer, 10S crti
sewing machines. 34 crta machinery, 25 Casks
quicksilver. 21 bales rubber ho»e, 25 bale«
rubber packing. 442 pkgs mttal polish, 15
bales overalls. 43 pkgs bicycle* and pexts, 650
bdls shocks. 28 cs boots and shoes. 11,802 lbs
manufactured lead, 41 bales broom corn. 28 cs
typewriters and supplies, 171 pkgs roofing, ma
terial, 17.696 ft lumber, 106 em drugs and
sundries. 9 bbls lubricating oil, 9 cs arms and
ammunition. 10 roll* 19 cs leather. 17.403 lbs
tobacco. 4 ca paints, 4 pkgs agricultural Im
plements.
To Eouth Africa — 200 cs canned aalmon.
SHIPPING CTTEUUGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, Dec 2.
Btmr Cfcehalt«. Johawn, 84 hours from Grays
Harbor; bound south; put In to land passen
gers (with tug Redondo In tow).
Stmr Centralla, Ericsson, 82 hour* from
Grays Harbor. — -
Stmr Metecr, Oollghtly, S days from Seattle.
- Stmr Del Norte,- Payne, 85 hours from Cre»-
C6 Stmr Breakwater, Seaman, 34 hour* from
Etmr Alcazar, Wtnkel, 48 hours from Saa
*Stmr Queen. Coofms. <J7. hours from Victoria
asd way ports.
Stmr Eureka. • Jessen, 80 hours from Eureka.
Bktn John Smith. Wick. 9 days from Grays
H Bchr r *Oakland. Ewart. 9 days from Eureka.
Schr Llzsie Vance. Jensen,' 9 days from
'schr "volunteer. Bresoem. S days from Coo*
Schr Eva, BJoraatrom, 10 day* from Co
lumbia River. .
CLEARED.
: , Friday, Dec' 2.
Oer " stinr Memphis. Von Helms, Hamburg
and way ports; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Br atmr Wyefleld. Watson, Nanalmo; West
ern Vuel Conicany. ' -,, V
Etmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego and
way sorts; Pacific Coast Steamship Company.
Etmr Columbia, Doran. Portland and As
toria: Ban Francisco and Portland Eteamthlp
Company. '
Br ship Marborourh Hill, Jones, Liverpool;
Half our, Guthrla ft Co.
SAILED.
Friday. D«c 2.
U S itmr Losran, Stieson, Manila.
Btmr Chehalls. Johnson, San Pedro.
Stmr Asuncion. B ridge tt, Seattle.
Etmr Alcazar, Wlnkcl, Point Arena.
Btmr Gipsy, Gray, Monterey. •" •,
Etmr Fulton. Pan«er. Bowens Landing. ■
Ger stmr Memphis,* von Helms, Hamburrc
and way ports ;59H»aBMHMM»9BfHMHBMf|
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SATURDAY. DECEMBER X 1904.
Weather Fenort.
(120th Meridian — Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 2—5 p. m.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures are reported for previous day from
principal cities:
Boston 36-32|New York 36-32
Chicago , 30-26 Philadelphia 40-38
Cincinnati 56-34 Pittsburg 4J2-3O
Honolulu. H. I.. 78-74 St. Louis 60-i>S
Jacksonville 70-50 Washington 49-82
New Orleans ....66-56
. SAN FRANCISCO 58-50
The followlnr are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of the same date
last season, and the rainfall In the last twen
ty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations. 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.00 9.05 . 14.31
Red Bluff 0.00 10.79 '.- 8.45
Sacramento 0.00 7.59 3.56
San Francisco .... O.OO 8.59 4.42
Fresno 0.00 6.06 0.68
Independence 0.00 0.45 0.42
San Luis Oblspo.. 0.00 , 4.73 0.50
Los Angeles 0.34 1.48 0.43
San Diego 0.00 0.23 0.07
THE COAST RECORD.
a x K o.' 55 *8
3 Sg33 3! S* S
STATIONS, ft Ijjll aS *~ »
• c 2 \ : §
'■ 2 \ '■
Baker 80.28 38 22 W Clear .00
Carson ......30.00 46 34 NW Clear .OO
Eureka S0.02 54 42 X Clear .00
Fresno 29.98 68 40 JC Pt.Cldy .00
S. E. Farallon.29.97 57 64 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff ....29.86 48 24 SW Cloudy T.
Pocatello 30.24 38 20 W Clear .00
Independence .29.90 66 40 N Cloudy .00
Los Acge!es..29.94 62 66 NE Cloudy .34
Mt-Tamalpais.29.»9 55 41 BE Clear .Oi>
North Head.. 30.20 48 40 N Clear .02
Phonclx 29.90 78 46 NW Cloudy .00
Point Reyes.. 29. 94 58 50 N Clear .00
Portland 30.18 46 42 NW Clear T.
Red Bluff 29. 9S ft2 44 NW Clear .00
Roseburg 30.14 42 36 X Cloudy .0(1
Sacramento ..29.98 66 44 SE Clear .00
Salt Lake 30. OS 42 32 NW Pt.Cldy .00
San Francisco. 80. 02 58 60 NW Clear .00
S. L. Obispo.. 29.94 64 48 W Clear .00
Ban Diego 29. 82 02 58 SW Cloudy .06
S«aUl«> ...80.30 46 40 NW Clear .00
Bpokare ...%.. 30.32 40 32 W Cloudy .00
Tatoosh 30.20 48 44 B ■ Clear .16
Walla Walla.. 30. 28 43 22 ~ W Clear .00
Wlnnemucca .30.10 44 26 NE Pt.Cldy .00
Tuma 29.84 70 50 W Pt.Cldy .00
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
- FORECAST.
A moderate disturbance Is moving In from
th« sea over California" south of the Tehacha
pl and light rains have fallen generally In the
south. »
The j>ressure continues high over the north
ern half of the Pacific Slop*.
The temperature Is about normal throughout
California.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. December 8:
California north of Tehachapl — Fair Satur
day : light east winds.
California, eouth of Tehachapl — Cloody. un
settled weather Saturday; probably showers;
H;ht south wlndn.
Nevada — Fair Saturday. ■■ ,
' San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Saturday,
becoming cloudy and unsettled at night: light
north wind*, changing to easterly.
Los Angeles and \-iclnlty — Clondy. unsettled
weather Saturday, probably showers; light
east winds, changing to westerly.
Bacrnmento— Fair Saturday, btcwmln* cloudy
at nlrht; Urht north winds.
Fresno-^Cloudv Saturday. Donrtbly shower*
in mountains: light east winds. t
■ A. G. MeADIB. District Forecaster.
Btmr Centrslla. Ericsson. San Pedro.
Fr baric Ca<ward, Warneck, Pydney.
Whal bark Andrew Hicks, Taber.' whallnr.
SPOKEN.
Per Btmr Centralla, Nor 29, ' 4o a m— Lat
44 32 N. leng 124 16 W, echr Bella, hence Nov
16 for Stunlaw River. -
Per stmr Nebretkan at San Dlero Dec 2
frorn New York— Nov A. lat 37 14 south long
63 14 west, stmr M F Plant, from Philadel
phia, for San Francisco.
Dec 1— Lat 28 30 north, long 115 88 weat,
Btmr Barracouta, > hence Nov 28 for Acapulco
and way ports.
TELEGRAPHIC. ,
-POINT LOBOS. Dec 2, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy: wind NW; velocity 6 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC- PORTS. .
— Arrived Dec 1— Br shin Mus
k-ka, from Hamburg.
Arrived Dee, 2, 2:20 n m — Jao »tmr Iyo
Maru, from Hongkong.
REDONDO— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr Lakme,
from San Pedro; stnsr Melville Dollar, ., from
Grays Harbor; stmr Jas S Hlggins, from Port
Los Angeles. " ■
"Sailed Dec 2 — Stmr San Pedro, for San
Francisco. - '. •
TATOOSH — Pasned In Dec 2— Stmr Macki
naw, nence Nov 29 for Tacoma. . :
Passed out Deo 2— Stmr Chai Nelson, from
Seattle, for San Pedro; Ruts »hlp Glenard,
from Taccm«, for Adelaide. , ■
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr Whittier,
hence Nov 29. ' /
BELLINGH AM — Arrived Deo 2 — Stmr . Shas
ta, hence Dec 28.
PORT ANGELES — Sailed Deo . 2— Brig Tan
ner, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG — Arrived Dec 2 — Stmr Na
tional City, hence Dec 1. ' , .
PORT HARFORD— Sailed . D«o 2— Stmr
Santa Crui, for San Francisco. -£&%■%;
SANTA BARBARA— Sailed ; Deo . 2-^8tmr
State of California, for San Dleco. . . _ <v
Arrived Dec 2 — Stmr San ~ Pedro,-, from San
Pedro, and sailed ■ for Ban • Francisco.
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed Dec 2— Fr bark
Mollere, for Adelaide.
TACOMA— Arrived Dec 2— Schr James H
Bruce, for San Pedro.
COOS BAY— Arrived Deo 2. 11 a m— Stmr
Empire, hence Nov 29.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Dec 2— Schr Omega,
from Honolpu.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr Nebras
kan, from New York, for San Francisco.
EUREKA — Arrived Dec 2 — Stmr Vanguard,
hence Dec 1. f .
Sailed Dec 2— Schr Lottie Carson, for San
Diego; stmr Alliance, for Coos Bay; schr Mary
E Russ, j for San Francisco.'
ORATS HARBOR— Sailed 1 D»o 2— Btmr San
ta Monica for San Francisco.' • . .
Arrived Deo 2— Scbr Annie M Campbell,
hence Nov 23. . .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Deo 2— Stmf Francis
H Legirett, from Portland. '•
Sailed Dec 2— Schr Mabel Gale, for Port
land.
CLALLAM BAY — Anchored In bay Dec 2 —
Schr W F Garms. from Manila, for Port
Townsend. S - ( • ■ .
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Dec 2— Br
ship Dalcarnle. hence Nov 25.
Sailed Dec 2— Schr Okanagon, for San Fran
cisco. • -.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived- Dec 2— Schr
L W Clise. from Seattle: schr Wm Bowden,
from Port Townsend.
Sailed Dec 2— Schr Alexander T Brown,
for. . '
WESTPORT— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr West
port.
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Rose
crans, from Monterey.
■• KAHULUI— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Argyll,
hence Nov 19.
Sailed Dec 2— Stmr Nevadan. for San Fran
cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
COLON — Arrived Nov 29 — Stmr City of
Waahington, from New York.
BERMUDA— Sailed Dec 1— ShiD W F Bab
cock, fcr Boston. In tow.
N^°LON— Sailed Nov 30— Stmr Advance, for
CORONEL— Sailed Nov 23 — Stmr Minnesota
for, San Francisco.
VLADIVOSTOK— Sailed Dec 2— Br Btmr
Calchas. fcr Nawakl.
VALPARAISO— Sailed Dec 1— Ger etmr A»
euan. for 'San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
nu^o j^r 1^ Dec 2 - stmr chem
fro^t-Y^ DeC 2 ~ Stmr Hohenzollern.
HAVRE— Arrived Dec 2— Stmr La Gaa
cogne. from New York.
N^NDOJ*-Salled Decl-Stmr Manitou. for
' Blemornndn.
i^ Per of chr Eva - from Columbia River Dec 2—
Nov 25. lat 42 24 N. long 127 65 W, passed
rSonl lanf ' <-»tUy of lumber of S
I( * B ™ 1 " A 1 D " 2-Camain Dlckson of the
etrar ANhlttler. from San Franeteco Nov 29
at this port, reports having spoken schr Co.
QuiMe from Ban Francisco Oct'a for Bandon.
Ore 42 day. out. short of provisions and part
of rigging carried away; captain wished to h*
™p°rt?d; Whlttler provisioned h«T
LONDON. Dec . *— Nor . bark Ktan from
Buenos Ayres. for Falmouth. is unliiuraW™
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United Butt* Coast and Geod.Uc Survey-
Time and Height of High and Low Waters
at Fort Point, entrance, to San Franclaco
fu^r.nt.ndir * ~£hW£
.SATVRDAT. DECEMBER 3.
Sun rises ........................ Z7Z
Sun sets "*"I:J5
Moon ris- i:::::::::?**':^;™
§> iTlmel _ iTimel _ ' iTimel " JTimej
~ I 1 Ft. I 1 Ft. f j Ft. I Ft
9 |L W| - )H W| JL WJ }h w|
1 1:32 1.8 8:02 5.8 2:37 0.3 »:18 45
4 2:23 2.1 8:47 6.0 3:30— 0.2 10:10 46
B 3:09 2.3 9:30 6.1 4:16—0.7 11-14 4*7
« 3:63 2.610:13 8.2 5:02—0.9
H W L W • H W L*W """
7 0:06 4.7 4:40 2.9 10:66 6.0 5:47—11
8 0:56 4.8 5:24 3.0|ll:35 . 5.8 6:31 —1.0
NOTE— In. the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given . in the left
hand column ' and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time* the
fourth. time column gives the last tide of the
day; except when there . are but three tides' as
sometimes ' occurs. The heights given an! In
addition to, the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts/except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from ■ the ! depth given bv
ths charts.: The plane of reference is the mean
of the lower low waters. .
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. : U. 8.- N.. Mer
. chants' Exchange. San Francisco, ' Cal..
December ' 2, '■■ 19C4. '•■ ■■-."■ . ,'*
The Tlm« t Ball ' on \ tha tower of the Ferry
b»lldlng was dropped exactly ■ at ' noon to-day—
I. e.. at noon of the, 120th meridian,^ or at 9
p. mv." Greenwich time. J.'C. BURNETT, ?
" . Lieutenant,* U. S.N.; In charge.
BOY STABBED IN THE ; HAND."— F. J
Moynlhan, foundryman," 311 • Mission " street*
was . arrested ,. yesterday • afternoon .' on , a war
rant . chanting ; him *' with an assault • with a
deadly weapon. The ' complaining -witness' is
Thomas , Lane, - 17 : years of age, employed by
Waterhous« 1 ft ' Lester, 16 Beaie street. • Lane
saya he and , two . other boys : were , playing in
front, of Moynlhan's foundry at. noon yesterday
when r Moynlhan rushed out : and stabbed * him
on the hand with: a' knife.:- ...... ;^ v ,,~
WILL RECLAIM
KLAMATH AREAS
Federal Engineers Planning
Vast Irrigation Project
on California-Oregon Line
TO SAVE 300,000 ACKES
Residents of Eegion Affect
ed Co-operating to Clear
Way for Government
" F. H. Newell, chief engineer of the
United States reclamation service; Mor
ris Bien, attorney; J. B. LJppincott, su
pervising engineer, and Thomas Neans,
soil expert, have Just arrived In the
city from a we.ek of Inspection of the
proposed irrigation system to be built
by the Federal Government in the basin
of the Klamath River. They have
driven about 300 miles In all In viewing
this project.
The basrrt of Klamath River Is in
Northern California and Southern Ore
gon, the State cutting the area in
two. The storage reservoirs will have
to be built in California for the irriga
tion of land in Oregon, and water will
also have to be stored In Oregon for
the Irrigation of land in California. In
addition the Klamath River is both in
terstate and navigable. It is proposed
to drain two large interstate lakes. In
terstate navigable waters are under^the
jurisdiction of the Federal Government.
This project therefore,, if it is to be
fully developed, becomes distinctly of a
I Federal character. Special legislation,
both Federal and State, is requisite for
this work.
Meetings were held at most of the
important towns in the district and a
unanimous sentiment was expressed by
the citizens and landowners for the
construction of this system by the
Federal Government. It is estimated
that in all about. 300,000 acres can be
reclaimed.
The , people are organizing, water
users' associations to contract with the
Government for the construction of the
plant. Preliminary arrangements are
being made by the settlers to. obtain
possession of the two existing canals
that are irrigating small areas in order
thaV the field may be entirely clear for
Federal operations. . .
• AH the members of the party, includ
ing the chief engineer, expressed them
selves as delighted with the opportuni
ties offered for a great development in
that section, and the people were as
sured by them that the Federal Gov
ernment stood ready to construct the
works promptly provided suitable ad
justment could be made of the legal
difficulties attending the disposal of
canals that are now supplying water to
that section. The prospect appears fa
vorable for the accomplishment of this
purpose. . T. H. Humphreys, engineer of
the United States reclamation service,
has had several parties in the field since
June making surveys for the project.
His reports are entirely favorable.
Will Present German Play.
I The second German performance at
the Columbia Theater by the-Alameda
Lustsplel Ensemble takes place "next
Sunday, night and the announcement
that _ the players : will revive their
greatest success, "Im Welssen Roessl,"
should bring: out a packed house.
Adolph Schubert will again appear in
his inimitable performance of Gie
secke. The cast will, if anything 1 , be
stronger than last season. Seats are
now on sale.
Pyrography Outfits
And all manner of wooden things and
sheepskins to burn. Hundreds of de
signs not ; shown elsewhere. Inspection
invited. . Artist material department.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market st. •
* — : j — r
Movements of Steamers.
TO ARRIVE. i
Steamer. • From. I Due.
Montara Tacoma ...Dec. 3
Chlco San Pedro ...|Dec. 3
Gaelic China & Japan. ....... | Dec. 3
S. Monica Grays Harbor (Dec. 3
Northland.... San Pedro .....|Dec. 3
Pomona Humboldt Dec. 4
Arctic. ....... Humboldt Dec. 4
North Fork... Humboldt Dec. 5
San Pedro...- San Pedro Dec. 5
S. Barbara... San Pedro Dec. 5
Elizabeth.... CoauUle River Dec. fi
Norwood Grays Harbor Dee. 5
Enterprise... Hllo Dec B
Sazonia...: .. Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. 5
G. W. Elder.. Portland & Astoria Dec S
State of Cat.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 5
J. Hlggins. . . . San Pedro .". [Dec- 6
Siberia. China & Japan IDec. 6
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford. Dec. ft
Porno Point Arena & Albion. Dec 6
Alameda Honolulu ..* Dec. 6
Bonlta Newport & Way Ports. Dec. 8
Titanla Oyster Harbor Dec. 7
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 7
Corona Humboldt Dec. .7
Sequoia Wlllapa Harbor Dec. 7
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports .... Dec. 7
Aurelia Portland. & Astoria.... Dec. 7
8. Rosa San Diego & Way Pta. Dec. 8
Point Arena.. Mendoclno & Pt. Arena Dec 8
Argo Eel River Ports Dec. 8
Breakwater.. Coos Bay ...\ Dec. 8
Newport...... New Tork via Ancon.. Dec. 8
Nevadan..... Honolulu * Kahulul.. Dec. 9
Homer '. Grays Harbor iw o
Coos Bay San Pedro & Way PU Dec* 10
Columbia Portland & Astoria....' Dec' 10
Newburg..... Grays Harbor Dec 11
O. Llndauer.. Grays Harbor Dec 11
V* ntn ™ Sydney & Way PorU. Dec! 12
Umatllla Puget Sound Ports.... Dec 12
Jea-nle ........ Seattle ft Tacoma Dec* 12
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. aalla. Pl«r."
December 3.
Chlco. • • • • • Coquille River .... 1 pm Pltr 2
Northland. . Astoria ft Portland 12 m Pier 27
Ar»o.. E«l River PorU... 4 pm Pier 2
F. Kllburn. Portland ft Way.. 4 p m pt er
Breakwater coo. Bay direct... B pm Pier 8
Point Arena Point Arena ...... 4 pm Pier 2
Korea China. & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
San Juan... N. T. via Ancon. . 12 m Pier 40
Columbia.. Astoria * Portland 11 am Pier 24
Corona.... Humboldt l:30pPler 9
December 4. .
S. Rosa.'.-* san Diego ft Way. 9 am Pltr 11
Eureka Humboldt ......... & am Pier IS
. December a. )
S.Barbara. Grays Harbor ] 4 pm Pier 2
San Pedro. Humboldt 12 m Pier 2
Montara..-- Seattle direct .... ,4 pm Pier 9
Csarlna.. .. Coos Bay direct... 6 pm Pier 8
Norwood... 'Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier" 3
Redondo... Portland & , Way. . 5 pm Pier 2
Coos Bay.. San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
December 6.
Bliiabeth.. Coquille River .... S pm Pier 20
C. Nelson. ; Los Angeles Ports. 10 am Pier 20
Pomona...- Humboldt: ......... 1:30 p Pier 8
Queen... "•'•• Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier t>
. . - December 7.
Arctic.. •••• Humboldt ...". • am Pier " 2
Curacao..-- Mexican Ports ..'. . 10 am Pier 11
December 8. |
S Monica.. Grays Harbor. 4 pmJPIer 2
State of Cal San Diego & Way. 8 am Pier 11
Poroo...." Pt. Arena' & "Albion « pm Pier 2
Arcata . . . • • Coos B. & Pt. Orf d 12 m Pier 13
N. Fork...- Humboldt'." 9 am Pier 20
G "W. Elder Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
December 9. I .
Bonlta.:... Newport •* Way.. 9 am Pier 11
December 10. '" |
Aurelia.... Astoria &' Portland 4 pm' Pier 27
Sequoia...- Willapa Harbor 4 pm Pier 20
Alameda. . . Honolulu ......... 11 am Pier 7
City Sydne> .N.'T. via, Ancon.. 12 mfPier 40
December 11.
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 0
December 13.
Gaelic!..... China & Japan.... 1 pm Pier 40
Nevadan... Hono.* & Kahului. ...... Pier — i
Homer...".. Grays Harbor...... 4 pm Pier 10
- :; . .;.;%■;.' •; FROM : SEATTLE. '-.-.. . . .*. '
; Steamer.. - Destination. J Sail*. -
Cottage City.. Skagway ft Way Porta-lDea. .' S^
Portland.;... Cooks Inlet ft Way Pts] Deo. 10
Farallon..:.. Skagway A Way Ports. |Dec 10
Features i
-of {
I NEXT I
SUNDAY'S
[I CALL |
, The Call's Free Music Lessons: Les- V
i son j& \
1 By W. Scott Grore. \
< Double Harness. Third Installment. i|
( By Anthony Hope. " V
The Call's $50.00 per Week Prize {■
1 \ Story Announcement. \
y Jottings of Old Limjucklin, on Books. i
1 By Opie Read. \
I Tender Corns. (
, By Kate Thyson Marr. I
The Adoption of Little Bell. ]i
j By Len Low. ('
On and Off the Bread Wagon. \
By Charles Dryden. I
Fables for the Foolish. <|
1 By Nicholas Nemo. V *
i Jasmine. •
1 By Virginia Leila Wentz. \
, What Women Want to JQnow. i 1
( By Madge Moore.
\ Books of the Day. \ I
By Robert W. Ritchie. |i |
A. ft tz Xv L L/t* § it I d, § X« |
By Stewart Edward White.
Theater Folk in Town. \[
Beautiful Colored Supplement \
"Friendship" FREE. )
Mr. Dooley Article. \
\ Answers to Puzzles. i\
L^~^~ __J
• ■UnillllllMIIMIMlllMW ■ V
KLKS TO HOIiD ANNUAIi
MEMORIAL SERVICES
Order Will Honor Memory of Those
Who Have Joined the Great
Majority.
Irr accordance with annual custom
long established, the Order of ElkJ
will hold memorial . services to-mor
row afternoon at 2:30 o'clock at the
Tivoll Opera-house. San Francisco
Lodge No. 3 . will have charge of the
ceremony and has arranged for the
following programme:
Funeral march (Chopin). Brother Paul Stein.
dorff and Edward Buechner. -directors; open-
Ing ceremonies the lodge; quartet. "Not
Dead but Sleepeth" (Whlta). Elka quartet— J.
H. O'Brien. W. M. Ogllvie. R. B. Kay and J.
C. O'Donnell; responses, officers of tha lodge;
opening ode.
Great Ruler of the Universe,
All-seeing and benign.
Look down upon and bless our work
And be all glory thln«! ■ :
Oh! Hear our prayer for our honored dead.
While bearing In our mind
The memories graven on each heart.
For Auld Lang Syne. »•
Invocation. Rev. J. A. Emery: soprano «olo.
"Nearer. My God. to Thee" (Roma), written
especially for the Elks ; organ. C. S. Hoffman ;
violin obllgato. Heir Baumgarten; Elks quar
tet—Brothers OgUvto, O'Brien. Kay. O'Donnell;
•olo. Caro Roma (full orchestra); oration.
Judge H. A. Melvin of Oakland; overture,
"Stabat Mater" (Mercadante), orchestra; bary
tone solo, (a) "Peace" (C. B. Hawtey>. (b)
"Gently, i Lord, oh gently Lead Us" (P. A.
Schnecker). Edwin Clark; "In Memoriam"
(Tennyson), Brother George P. Webster; con
tralto solo "Flee as a Bird" (Dana). Miss
Etta O'Brien; eulogy. Brother John 8. Part
ridge; tenor solo, ' "The Hoty Temple"
(Daynes) Thomaa H. Perss*; benediction.
Rev J A. Emery; orchestra, "Star-spangled
Banner" (Keyes)
During -1904 upon the memorial
tablets of the order have been writ
ten the names of the following, - who
were local members: John O. Rels,
Paul Bunker. Charles J. Ellis. D. D.
Waas, Ralph Harron, George E.
Raubinger. James Shea Jr.. Meade D.
Detweiler and George H. Wolfe.
ApVKKTISE3iLKNT'a.
PERSONAUY
■ . ~ - ■ . - '.:■".-
XONDUCTEll
MM and daily excursions in Pullman tourist
ffff sleeping cars without change from. Los^Wk
Bff Angeles, Santa Barbara^ Monterey, San «^
mm Francisco, Bakerslield, Fresno, Lathrop,
Mm Stockton, Sacramento and other California a®
■ ■ points via the Southern Pacific, Union Pacific ■■
li and Chicago & North - Western Railways II
|| through TOCIIICAGO IS
Va and the East. Fast trains. Excellent BB
m||k service. Dining car service a la carte. Mm
Choiceof routes. Lowround-trip rates -i^f
Double berth to Chicago only $7.OO.-^«JL
m Soaihara Pidis Usiit t^iaa fcr fall fcftrastion. iW^^n^F^W.
y£jfWiS!S-- =^5i R. R. RITCHIE. General Agsnt Pacific Coast, JW|bllL JMy
jaRSgBSWrn C. & M.-W. Ry.,617 Markst St.PaUee Hotel.^ja ff 1 l > if fl'*H.
£PS?TuH 1 2 lUJ s - •"• BOOTH, 6enT Agent fiss'r O«vt.^gS^JBFffJ^f»^ 1 \
jfiSflP^lR I \%XgJr*^aJt' P * R# R - * Montgomery streat v^^S^ja Ba'wJSrCl I B
JAILBREAKER CAPTURED
AND IROX-SAW IS TOXJSTf
Santa Clara County Officer Arrests J,
D. Potter at Healdsburz and
Brings Him to This City.
Deputy Sheriff R. Starblrd of Santa
Clara County arrived In this city last
night, having In custody J. D. Potter,
wanted for Jailbreaking In San Jose.
Potter made his escape last Saturday
by sawing his way out of Jail and was
captured two days ago in Healdsburg.
Starbird was sent after him and when
the deputy sheriff went to the cell to
take out his prisoner yesterday after
noon he was much surprised to find
that Potter was back at his old tricks
again and had sawed one of the bars
loose. A fine iron-saw was found In
his possession. It had evidently be«n
overlooked when he was searched. He*
was detained for the night In the local
City Prison. Potter was awaiting
transportation to San Quentln. where
he had been sentenced to serve five
years for highway robbery, when he
made his escape. Shortly before he
committed this crime he was released
from the same prison after having
served four years for forgery.
Removal of Freight Department,
Southern Pacific Company.
General Freight Department. Southern Pa
cific Company, will mot* to room 1010. teotb
floor. Merchants' Exchange building.' California
street. . between Montgomery and Sansom«. on
Saturday. December 3, on which date tha pres
ent General Freight Office on third floor at
4 Montgomery street will unavoidably ba closed
to business, reopening la new offices Monday
morning. December 5. at tha usual hour •
INJUNCTION DISSOLVED. — Unltad States
Circuit Judge Morrow yesterday dissolved th*
temporary restraining order heretofore Issued la
the case of the E. I. da Pont da Nemours Pow
dar Company vs. th« Peyton Chemical Com
pany, the parties having failed to agree upon a
person to examine the bcoks of tha defendant
company.
78
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL
SOUS D. £PBECKELS ,~.»» ~» >♦»«»« -~~— — ~~~» » Proprietor
AlJOTiSES ***- iy*mr^ew-* T I TiH.iL TO
JOHN McXAUGHT. »..„ — •" .Manager
KtiaJGATIOy UnXVB THIRD AM) MARKET BTRTEJrS. BAX FRAXCISOO
EATURDAY...... ... .I.... DECEMBER 8, 1904
OAKLAND WATER.
THE renewed agitation of a municipal water plant in Oakland has
brought out much disct^skra in the press of that city. So far it
is confined to disputation over the rival claims of a ground water
and catchment supply. The judicial decisions respecting ground wa
ter and riparian ownership afford an interesting and necessary study
to any city that is looking for a supply above or below ground in any
place near the coast.
The need of water in agriculture and horticulture and the prior
appropriation of potable supplies have made it difficult to take water
anywhere without running the gauntlet of court decisions and prior
rights. The unclaimed supply lies more distant, and it may be ac
cepted as true that new plants must be sought farther away. Bir
mingham went far away to the Welsh hills for a municipal plant
after takrng over the private plant to get rid of competition. Glas
gow went to a high watershed where the rainfall exceeds fifty inches j
for a supply to add to the private plant which was first acquired.
While this part of the problem is important, yet the Oakland discus
sion so far is merely playing in the puddles of the water question
from the standpoint of municipal ownership. .-V ' .V -
The really grave problems are economic and administrative.
With enough money to get it a sufficient water supply can be had by
: going far enough for it anywhere in Northern California. The point
to be studied by the people of Oakland is the business aspect of the
-proposed venture. If a city go into municipal ownership it must, as
a business proposition, rid itself first of rivalry and competition. It
must be alone in the field. If it expect to have a proper administra
tion of such a plant when acquired it "must make the plant itself
carrv the cost of its creation and administration. The Call can ren
der no greater service to its readers than by persistently urging this, j
A municipal water plant is acquired for the benefit of the ratepayers,
the users of the water. Justice to them demands that they know just
what they are paying and that their water rate represent all that they
are paying. In this way alone can they be assured of a proper busi
ness administration of such a plant.
The politicians we are always to have with us and the ambitions i
.of men for the distinctions of public office will always endure. If j
the bonds for buying a water plant are a mortgage upon the city, j
resting upon the real and personal property of the taxpayers, and if •
the deficits in the revenues of the water plant may be charged off to j
the general fund, every election will produce candidates who seekj
votes by promising to lower the water rate, and they will get them j
and will be elected and in office they will keep their promise by low
cring the rate tothe ratepayer and charging the difference to him I
as a taxpayer. This is done wherever government ownership per- |
.mits it. It'is done on the state railways of Australia and Italy, and it '
is done in American cities where public utilities have been acquired, j
The rates paid for the use of railways or of water under such circum- j
stances do not represent the cost to the user, who cannot find out i
from his tax receipt how much he pays in taxes for the public plant,
but he pays it just the same.
Now,' if the plant is made to carry itself, to pay its own cost and ;
. expenses, then the price for its use paid by the ratepayer tells its
own story. If the administration be good and economical his rate j
receipt tells it. If it be wasteful and extravagant or corrupt the rate ;
receipt records it and the ratepayer is warned. There is no safer j
refuge for corruption and incompetence than the privilege of conceal- ;
ment that is found in charging part of the cost of a public plant to the |
citizen as a ratepayer and part to him as a taxpayer. Whenever and
wherever that privilege exists the people are abused. The adminis
tration of a municipal plant should be widely separated from politics,
and this cannot be done if the plant "rest upon the credit of the city,
its cost a lien upon the taxpayer and its deficits chargeable to the
general fund. This is so obviously a business proposition that no
one ventures to argue against it. No one controverts it. Then why
not adopt it and proceed to put it in practice?
The people of California voted the bonds for the new ferry build
ing in this city, because they were based upon the property they
created, to be paid out of its revenues. They voted the new seawall
bonds for the same reason. If the ferry depot and seawall bonds had
been a lien upon the taxpayers both would have been beaten. The
vote of San Francisco and Oakland alone would have beaten them. I
The users of the ferry building and the new seawall pay for them, as
users and not as taxpayers, and those who do not use them do not
pay a baubee for them. Let the voters of the two cities apply the
same principle to the acquisition of other public utilities, charge their
cost to the users, to be paid in their rates, and leave the public credit
free of embarrassment. This is the deep water of the water question.
All else is a puddle. __________^^^
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE.
I i t-x OUBLE HARNESS," by Anthony Hope, runs through its
Pj 1 third installment in the Sunday Call Magazine to-morrow.
* — There is no writer of the present day better qualified by ex
perience and observation to write upon the present day problems in
social ethics than Anthony Hope and no writer who knows the Lon
don life of which he writes better than he. Time and again his won
derful faculty for creating scenes in which the play of mind on mind,
as keen as was the sword play of the gallants of his earlier romantic
novels, is given free scope with a breadth of grasp never attained in
. his earlier works. The problem considered, that of a wife, who; es
tranged from her husband's love, looks for comfort and understand
ing in another man, is one that is ever present in every grade of life,
and for that reason takes hold of readers of all classes. The ultimate
. solution of the problem as he handles it is sane and wholesome.
"The Adoption of Little Bell," by Len Low, a Sacramento writer
new to fiction fields, wins the prize of $50 for the third week of the
fiction contest. Mr. Low has created a touching little picture of un
schooled lives and simple hearts, fatally ensnared by narrow offi
ciousness.
In "The Riverman" Stewart Edward White, noted for hi3
straightforward and dramatic chronicles of the lives and interests of
the rugged, hardy woodsmen of the great lumber camps, contributes
the story of a log jam, a rescue and a "birling" match, wherein two
.of- the huskiest of his characters figure. Charles Dryden continues
.the adventures of his wandering youth in "On and Off the Bread
Wagon," carrying him along in his eventful career from Memphis to
New Orleans.
Lesson No. 3 in the simple method of attaining proficiency on
the piano is published. These lessons, the invention of a New York
music teacher of a life-long experience, , will appear in twelve install
ments. They have been universally recommended as a practical and
simple method for the piano. The series by Opie Read, "Jottings of
. Old Lim Jucklin," continues with a dissertation on lawyers. Madge
Moore contributes a page for women, "Wrinkles and Their Cause,"
atid Robert W. Ritchie has his regular department of books.
Jack Chinn's bowie knife ha* been elected to the Kentucky Legislature,
•and it may be difficult, unless the other members can be provided with metal
breastplates, to secure a quorum down there.— Chicago Record-Herald.
Russia declines to attend the peace conference until the war with Japan
fs over; but Judging from its progress there may not be enough left of Russia
lo disturb the world's peace. — Chattanooga Times.
Mr. Carnegie says universal peace , will come in the year 8000. Not If
General Stoessel can make his supply of grub, bullets and three-em dashes
hold out longer than that.— Denver Republican.
■ M. GuarinI, a Belgian . astronomer, is telling us how to prevent earth
auakea. That's all very fine, but what this country wants now is some way
to prevent landslides. — Washington Post
That millionaire philanthropist of New York. who is looking for a house
in the slums bo that he may help his neighbors evidently despairs of reforming
fHE SAN FRANCISCO GALLr SATURDAY. DECEMBER 3. 1904.
TENNESSEE GOVERNOR'S
PRETTY DAUGHTER TO
CHRISTEN SHIP TO-DAY
fY\ JS8 ANNIE KEITH FRAZER, daughter of Governor and Mrs.
Ill James B. Frazer of Tennessee, will christen the Tennessee, the
111 new cruiser, which will be launched at Philadelphia to-day.
* ** Miss Frazer, who Is stiill a schoolgirl, is the oldest child of
the State's chief executive, says the Philadelphia Inquirier. She will be a
debutante of next season and thl3 year is at school at Tarrytown, N. Y.,
from where she will go -to the launching ceremonies. Miss Frazer, who
Is still in her teens,. Is a blonde of very attractive appearance.
How much longer Is the war likely to
last? The question engages Europe,
and the replies show a variety of opin
ion- Belief is expressed in some auar
ters that if she could save her face in
any decent fashion Russia would listen
to peace proposals. But, as matters
stand, her embarrassments are over-
THE SUNNY SIDE OF LIFE
ins idea
Kind Lady— I don't believe you ever
draw a sober breath.
Tramp — Oh, yes, ma'am. There's lots
of hard-luck days when I can't get the
price of a drink, ma'am.
LADY KITTY'S TEMPTATION
HEY rode slowly. Lady Kitty
T somewhat ahead, probably be
cause the trail is narrow and
treacherous below Lost Moon,
possibly so that Allison should
not see her face.
Half a mile back they had ridden
side by side. The trail had been wider
then. Lady Kitty did not care to re
member any other reason for the
proximity, but the flush on her cheeks
and the slightest possible tilt to her
chin belied her powers of forgetful
ness.
As for Allison, he was shamelessly
self-possessed and at ease. She had
even caught him whistling as they
turned Into Red Mountain Gulch, and
when she had deliberately ridden
ahead he had not tried to Join her.
Lady Kitty felt Irritated by the im
penitence expressed in his confident
attitude and also by the knowledge
that he was looking at her. It Is not
pleasant to feel a person's steady gaze
behind one. If it had been any one
else she would certainly have reported
their unpardonably rude conduct to
Major Dick, but she couldn't report
A ilieon. The major would laugh at
her.' More than that, and Lady Kit
ty's flush deepened, the major would
say the young cub had more grit than
he gave him credit for, and when any
one as charming and deliciously lov
able as Lady Kitty had flirted with
and encouraged such a man as Bob
Allison she must expect the worst—
or the. best, according to her point of
view. The major could be very ag
gravating.
And she had not flirted with Alli
son, not at all. If they chose = to call
common* social civilities -flirting in this
barbarous land of the lariat and cow
pony she .was not to blame. It had
been lonesome at Lost Moon, or rather,
by the time the major's party, had
reached the ranch, Lady Kitty, had
seen so many- lariats and '(cow; ponies
that the novelty had begun to pall and
Allison had loomed up as a .welcome
distraction— she had almost' said - "at
traction" to herself.
He was good to ; look at. ; this tall,
lean, strong young Westerner, with
his sunburn ■; a cross tint between \ tan
and brick dust, and his "straight, close
lips, opening in quick, " ; unexpected
smiles and- showing- white, 'square
teeth like new corn. '•<•„• : ,
whelming. She has been soundly
thrashed by Japan, and to-day the
Baltic fleet episode covers her with
ridicule. Her only comfort 1^ .in
Stoessel's resistance at Port Arthur,
and should that fortress fall shortly
her situation will be all but desperate.
Washington Star.
CHIUSTENIXG
Knicker— There's one strange fac:
I've noted.
Bocker— What's that?
Knicker— A boy Is christened wltl
water and afterward takes booze, whilt
a Ehip is christened with booze anc
afterward, takes to water.
She had seen him first when he came
to meet them at the little lop-sided,
pine beard depot at Omri. She had
stood on the platform when the train
drew in, and over the major's dove
colored sombrero she had caught a
g-limp.se of a silent, erect figure on a
black pony, his hat pulled down over
his eyes, his chin up, as he leisurely
surveyed their party. She had liked
the clear, cool glance of his gray eyes.
There was something so serenely well
balanced and self-sufliclent In their
expression when they met hers that
Lady Kitty had felt a pleasurable
tingle ; of expectancy, as though • the
charm of her femininity had received
a challenge.
There was no doubt but that she
had met it. It had not seemed seri
ous, merely a part of the trip. He had
not appeared worth considering like
the other men, whom, as the major
neatly put it, had appreciated their
blessings when Lady Kitty had smiled
on them. She had felt that in a day
or so she could nod good-by, and
leave him with the same comfortable
regret as Red Mountain itself, with
its gorgeous, sunset tinted, sandstone
peak. She had not taken the man him
self into consideration at all, and now,
suddenly, without a* word of warning,
the man had leaned from his saddle,
and had kissed her.
She tried to forget to remember. the
awXul moment, but its few details
danced through • her mind ; Insistently.
There had been a long silence after
she had told him they were going
away from -Lost Moon in the morn
ing. The party was going through
Arizona, the major, Mrs. Major and
the major minors, all : girls, and . her
self. From Arizona* they would go back
to England. And suddenly the black
pony had drawn" nearer to. her < own
brown mustang, and Allison's armihad
swung around her, and he had '* kissed
her. Incidentally, Lady Kitty was un
certain that she had not — No, she had
not, she told herself positively.. ; She
had only permitted him to kiss her,. but
that was i quite enough. And; that was
pot all, ■ not quite all. She , had said
something to him.
"I might have expected that a person
like you w'ouldtdo. that sort of thing."
' She had meant to crush and humiliate
him, and" he had : laughed and \ let \ her
ride on ahead.;: She wondered uneasily
whether j or \ not there '.was any. reason
for his- cheerfulness/ Had she or had
she not kissed him. In the suddenness
of the ; attack, and the curious content
ment she had I felt •' at • being ■ summarily
. roped and branded, so to speak, by him,
THE DAYS
GONE BY
-
OTHE days gon* by! O th» days 1
by!
The apples in the orchard, end th»
pathway through th« rye;
The chirrup of the robin, and the whis
tle of the quail.
As he piped across the meadows sweet
as any nightingale;
When the bloom was on the clover, and
the blue was in th? sky.
And my happy heart brimmed over — In
the days gone by.
In the days gone by. when my naked
feet were tripped
By the honeysuckle tangles ■where the
water lilies dipped.
And the ripples of the river, lipped t&«
moss along the brink.
Where the placid-eyed and laxy-foot»d
cattle came to drink.
And the tilting snipe stood fearless ox
the truant's wayward cry.
And the splashing of the swimmer. In
the days gone by.
O the days gone by! O the days gone
by!
The music of the laughing lip, the luster
of the eye;
The childish faith in fairies, and Alad
din's magic ring —
The simple, soul -reposing, glad belief in
everything.
For life was like a story, holding nei
ther sob nor sigh.
In the golden, olden story of the days
gone by.
— James Whltcomb Riley. ;
HOKE PRAISE FOR
THE CALL'S PLflfl
Association for the Improvement and
Adornment of San Francisco.
Mr. John McNaugbt. manager
The San Francisco CalL
. Dear Sir— We are- in hearty accord
with The Call's plan to donate ros«
plants to iis subscribers. It will help
to encourage the "floral adornment" ol
our city — a subject to which this asso
ciation is devoting its best energies, as
being the Bimplest and most Inexpen
sive* way of beautifying San "Fran
cisco. Respectfully yours.
JAMES D. PHELAN. President.
THOMAS M f CALEB, Secretary.
By order of the Board of Directors.
* City, December 2.
Townsend's California Glace fruits ta
artistic Ore-etched boxes. 715 Market *t."
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau .'Aliens;. 30 Call,
xornia street. Telephone Main 1042. *
tough:
Lady of the House — I'm sorry you are
hungry. Here is a piece of steak for
you.
Tramp — Not for me, madam. I'm will
ing to eat. but not to work.
she had forgotten entirely just how far
she had revealed that curious content
ment.
"Walt, please."
Allison's voice made her pull up
short. He rode up beside her. The
trail widened slightly and took a sud
den header into the gulch.
"We can't get by , here," he said.
"There has been a washout. We'll have
** — ~~ — ~ ~ — . . — J
f "Has he"— Lady Kitty hesi
tated delicately— "has he asked
I you?"
to go back and strike up the mountain
tof Pop ; Booty's. ; There's a path from
his place down to the trail on the othei
side."
LadyKitty did not answer. Her lips
were half parted, and she looked off at
the distant foothills dreamily. Englanc
seemed more 'than half a , world away
So; did; the major and the others. A
*THE SMART SET*
3Y SALLY SI1AKP.
The charity ball to be given on Mon
day evening at the Palace Hotel by the
Albert Sidney Johnston Chapter.
Daughters of the Confederacy, prom
ises to be one of the most brilliant af
fairs of the season. Mrs; Alfred Hun
ter Voorhles, president of the chapter,
has never had so many cordial re
sponses to her Invitations as for this
ball, which promises to supersede In
brilliancy that of last year. The pa
tronesses are: Mrs. Arthur W. Fos
ter. Mrs. William M- Gwin. Mrs. Wil
liam H. Harrison, Mrs. William B.
Collier. Mrs. Eelden S. Wright. Mrs.
Alfred Hunter Voorhles, Mrs. Wake
field Baker. Mrs. James Potter Lang
horne. Mrs. Frederick KohL Mrs. Mil
ton S. Latham, Mrs. Phoebe Hearst.
Mrs. John Garber, Mrs. Eleanor Mar
tin. Mrs. Tnez Shorb White. Mrs. Wil
liam L. Duff, Mrs. William B. Prttch
ard and Mrs. Malcolm Henry.
• • •
Mrs. Samuel Knight gave a lunch
eon yesterday at the Marie Antoinette.
It was a large affair. Mrs. Knight en
tertained about thirty guests.
Poinsettlas were the prevailing
flower used In decoration, giving a
brilliant appearance to the tables.
Among the guests were;, Mrs. Wil
liam G. Irwin, Mrs. George NewnalL
Mrs. Mayo Newhall. Mrs. William Tay- ,
lor. Mrs. Augustus Taylor, Mrs. Robert
Hooker, Mrs. George Howard. Mrs. R.
K. Nuttall. Mrs. Mountford Wilson,
Mrs. Austin Tubbs, Miss Silas Palmer,
Mrs. Timothy Hopkins. Mrs. Fred
Moody. Mrs. Fred McNear. Mrs. Eu- i
gene Murphy. Mrs. Chauncey Wlnslow.
Mrs. Henry Scott. Mrs. Robert Woods,
Mrs. William Tevis.
• • •
Mrs. Mark Gerstle gave a dinner
last evening to Miss Wells and Selby
Hanna. Those asked to participate
with the guests of honor were: Mr.
and Mrs. William Gerstle. Mrs. James
Smith, Judge Lawlor, Miss Pearl
Landers, William H. Smith.
• • a
Mrs. Lyle Fletcher entertained Miss
Marie Voorhies at luncheon yesterday.
At the prettily decorated table were
seated the following guests: Miss Voor
hies, Miss Du Bose, Mis3 Florence Ives,
Mrs. Charles M. Plum. Mrs. Montague.
Mrs. Barraclough, Mrs. Young, Mrs.
Simpson.
• • • --
Trinity Church was the scene of a
quiet wedding yesterday afternoon.
Miss Ethel Low. daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. Charles Low, and Lieutenant
Charles Hamilton were married at 4
o'clock by the Rev. William Clampett-
No witnesses were present but the
parents of the bride. After a brief
wedding trip the young couple will
live at Fort Mason, where Lieutenant
Hamilton Is stationed with the Thir
teenth Infantry, U. S. A.
• • •
Mrs. "William B. Wilshire and Miss
Wilshire will receive on the second
and third Fridays of this month.
• • •
The annual exhibition and sala of
the California Keramic Club will be
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
SOUSA— S., Napa. CaL The perma
nent address of Sousa. the band lead
er, is Astor court building, Xew York
City. N\ Y. .
WILLIAMS AND WALKER—Sub
scriber. City. Williams and Walker,
actors, were In San Francisco about
two years ago and appeared at the Cal
ifornia.
DOG DAYS — Subscriber. Oakland,
CaL "Dog days" is applied to that
part of the summer from about the
beginning of July to the middle of
\ugust — originally applied to the time
during which Sirlus. or the Dog Star,
was above the horizon with the sun.
But now and for a long time. It has
been asserted that the rising and set-
curious sense of delicious Deril pos
sessed her. It was the first time In her
life that she had not felt sure of her
self so far as a man was concerned.
Just now she had a wild. Joyous belief
that if thi3 Westerner were to ask her
to be his wife she would say "yes." She
wondered if he would.
If they .were only not going to-mor
row—If only there was not home and
her father and Rodney. Of course,
Rodney. She almost laughed out loud
to think all at once how completely he
had gone out of her life the last week.
And they were to be married in Easter
week next spring. Poor old' Rodney!
She looked at the figure ahead on the
black pony and sighed happily. If only
he would talk to her.
They turned a bend in the path and
faced a small mountain cabin. Some
chickens and pigeons wandered haught
ily about and a girl was shooing them
away from a suaggling fringe of red
geraniums that grew around the stoop.
She came toward them smilingly. Lady
Kitty thought she had never seen such
honest, trusting eyes before except in
deer. She looked up at Allison.
"Hello, Bob. Them chickens are Just
terrible. No, dad's gone over to the
ranch. There's a washout down in the
gulch. He wants some of the boys to
help him fix up the trail. Want to rest
up a bit and wait?
Allison said "no," he would ride on a
little and see if the path was safe
down Booty's side of the mountain.
"This is Miss Boot,' Lady Kitty." he
added as he rode away.
Dimple Booty watched until the plnea
hid him.
"I'm always afraid of washouts.** she
said confidentially. "What if you and
Bob had ridden plumb into the gulch?
You would, too, only it wasn't dark
yet. But Bob knows the way; he cornea
up here so often."
"I supDose he does." Lady Kittj
looked thoughtfully down at the slim
figure in the red calico dress, at the
pretty dimpled face that had not yel
lost the roundness or dainty coloring 01
childhood. "He seems to be a very/In
teresting young man."
•"Yes, Bob's nice.". Dimple spoke sim
ply, with an air. of peaceful ownership
"I guess we'll get married soon as Bol
comes to the point."
"Has he — " Lady Kitty hesitated del
icately.. "Has he. asked you?"
Dimple's eyes openetl In surprise.
"Why, no,* not point blank, bui
we've been going together over a year
I.'m 17. Dad says that's kind of young
but I think -such a sight of Bob he'l
let ■ us get < married."
of the Palace Hotel on Thursday, De
cember 8, from 1 to 10 p. m.. and on
Friday, December >, frcm :o a_ m.
to 10 x>- m.
Mr. and Mrs. Colin M. Bord b«^»
taken apartments at the Occidental
for the winter, having Just returned
from their country place, Cass BoyJ.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Wllliaa Clifford and
Miss Clifford will give a dance in th*
Arts and Crafts Hall on Presidio ave
nue on December 1€. In ths receiving
party will be Miss Elsa Draper. This
event is for the Introduction of Miss
Clifford, who has appeared "a few
times this season, but has not been
formally presented to society.
Miss Charlotte Wilson was enter
tained last evening at Gizxi<iT by Mr.
and Mrs. Downey Harvey at the S*_
Francis, the affair preceding Mra.
Eleanor Martin's balL
The engagement is asso usced of
Miss Elizabeth Hasnay. daughter of
Colonel and Mrs. Hancay of Los Bas
es. P. L, and Lieutenant Tsosias. sta
tioned also at Los Bacos. The wed
ding will probably take place in th*
spring. Miss Hansay's brother. Cap
tain Robert Hannay. married General
Young's daughter. Elizabeth.
• • •
Mrs. Frederick Spencer Palrser enter
tained at tea yesterday. A larga cum
ber attended the affair, which was he! i
at the home of th» hostess oa Greea
street.
• • •
Th« Buford Free Kindergarten win
hold Its annual bazaar at the home cf
Mrs. Harry Durbrow to-<iay. Useful
and fancy articles, dolls and hoa»
noade candies win te offered.
• • •
The «n^r?ai art exhibition of the Bo
hemian Club will open oa Monday and
continue till December TL
a • •
Miss GeoTgie Splek-r win be "at
home" at the Palace Hotel on Monday.
• • •
Mrs. Davenport win entertain at tea
to-day at her home on PaclSc avenue
In honor of Miss Elizabeth Stnimaa,
recently arrived from Germany.
• • •
The luncheon to be given to-morrow
by Mr. and Mrs. Carter PttXin Pome
roy win undoubtedly be a delightful af
fair, and there is nsnch pleasurable
anticipation resardins It.
a • •
Mi«s Jessie McXab wCl hold her
"coming out** tea to-day at her beauti
ful home en Broadway. Several hun
dred cards have been Issued for the af-
Dt. and Mrs. David FrtecUander hav«
returned from their wedding triz> and
are living in their new home on Wal
nut street.
• : : a> • a
Mrs. L Lowenberg entertained a
dozen dinner guests last evening at tin
Palace HcteL
9 9 9
Mrs. Ynes Shorb White win shortly
return from her Eastern trip.
ting of Sirica -with the sua has b*en
erroneously regarded as the cause of
excessive heat and consequent calam
ities.
ANTI-SUFFRAGE— M.. City. The
"New York State Association Opposed
to the Extension of Suffrage to Wom
en" has its office In New York City.
Mrs. George Phillips, 7SA Park avenue.
Is the secretary.
MERCANTILE LIBRART — Enq..
City. The three concerts that wera
given In the Mechanics' Pavilion on
Union square, during which there was
a lottery legalized by the legislature
to enable the library to raise funds to
liquidate Its indebtedness, were held
in the summer of 1STO.
BY
IZOLA FORRESTER
• j Allison came up the path among ths
: pines.
"It's all right," he called. "We'll
. make the ranch before dark. Good
! by. Dimple."
r "'By. Bob." Her glance followed
1 him wistfully. **Be up to-night?"
"Maybe." Allison did not turn
. around. When the cabin waa out of
[ sight he spoke.
"You are goln* up the canyon to
1 morrow, aren't you?"
! "As far as tha springs. Then wa
, go over Into Arizona."
"I'm going, too." Allison's tona waa
quiet and decisive.
. Lady Kitty smiled a=d reached for
. a leaf off the bouga that brushed her
face.
"Are you. Indeed? As guide?**
I A dull finish crept up under tha
sunburn. Lady Kitty followed up her
" advantage.
I "I am glad the major secured you!
We are really such a lot of innocent*
. astray in these parts that you will be
welcome."
' "I am not acting as guide to stray-
Ing Innocents. I am going after you.*"
Lady Kitty's eyebrows lifted. She
• did not meet his gaze, however. She
knew her limitations.
"It Is very kind of you. I'm sure.
' but I don't believe I would If I wera
• you. We sail for home in November,
and I am to be married next spring.
• Even If — " her voice was suspiciously
1 gay and clear- — "even if one do«3 for
get sometimes In this wonderland.
After all. one's ain countree is best,
you know."
He stared at her in dawning kr.o-wl
edge and his face was pitifully boyish
; In Its hardened pain.
; "I ought to say I'm sorry," v he said
at last. "But I'm not. It was your
■ fault, too. You ought to carry dan
ger signals If you don't want wrecks
f along your track.""
1 .-r^ 6 * 1 * off the track,""" she laughed.
•There are no wrecks up on Red
' Mountain.**
; , His face softened. When they
1 found the trail again and started the
ponies toward Lost Moon at a faster
gait he said one word:
• "Thanks."
• They rode on in silence. Lady Kitty
> ahead. She did not trust herself to
speak, not with the memory of the
• girl in red calico fresh In mind and
the face of Allison a few feet behind.
He was riding with loose bridle, chin
t up. his hat low over hla eyes and Lady
• Kitty sighed as she thought of Rod
. ney. She almost hoped that she had
I returned the kiss.
(Copyright, 1904. bylzola Forrester.)...__.. ADVERTISEMENTS..
AWARDED TO
The Leader for
124 Years
The highest award ever given in this Country
SO Y° u may know the gen-
uine goods by this trade-
mark on every package.
Jf 1 %\ !\\ Highest
fl )j 1'li - Awards in
America.
TRADE MABg
Our new illustrated Recipe Book cent free. Write to
WALTER BAKER & CO., Ltd.
Established 1 780. . Dorchester,' Mass.
HELPERS OF ZION.— The Helpers ot Zlon
*-'■'. -• >: i a Hanuca service and entertainment
at B*sai B*rith Hall on Sunday evening. Can.
tijr '.-' : -.' -rr.-.f.t: will preslfie and Rabbi Meyers,
Kahbi Levy and others will speak.
» ♦ ■
HO1TE CLUB CONCERT A SUCCE8S.— The
third concert of the Uowe Club vu largely
ett«Q<]ed at the Native Sons' Hall last night.
The isu*ic wit delightfully rendered and ap-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 Oriental fitfods |
| At Wholesale Prices |
I We Offer Onr Entire Extra Fine 8
§ Collection of 'o
f ORIENTAL RUGS J
I AND CURTAINS I
I 25% DISCOUNT §
0 From Regular Retail Prices 2
& We are Sole Agents for John ft
jj? Crossley &. Son's Celebrated «
g Cn£llsb Carpets.- §
| Chas. M. Plum & Co. |
1 Cor. Ninth and Market Sts. §
CUTLERY
EVERY BLADE WRRANTED
p.nj£pg| CURE SICK HEADACHE.
r?iTTiE Genuine Must Bear
g I VER Fac-Simfle Signature
m PILLS. -r^' — '"■ *
>^X Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Fim <r»i^\ OUJ> KKIBST *T. EstabUsbed
fJPp^"'i\'"< ' K54 '" r J> * tr«-atmfnt <>l Trivnf
fliX^*9 I>»M-«kei». Irf»t Manuood. Debility or
yJrT^jvji-ij-rf-Eg- wearir.iroti body ami mind and
S'-4 1 -*t«', v ii!!i n.«.nv>K TiiP Ijoctorrnr'-swl.fii
3a»W?l!r»>}"th«-rs full. IT? Mm. r!)RrKM> low.
r*^ i>.Ti. l n.'ri.ri'» ruar:tnlrfd. Call oi write.
l>i». Jl. »■. UIRItOX. Han Fr*n--A*co. CmL :
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogue and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
TKESH AVO SALT MEATS.
US I ftYK h Ct\ Snipping Butchers. 108
JK2. LUlCJ <1 tU. CUy. Tel. Main !2»4.
L£AKT SOOFS AND SKYLIGHTS.
Ail kinds repaired. Globe Sheet Metal Works,
■ 1 178-1 Kb Mission rt. Phone Main 5401.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS; LEONARD & ELLIS.
41S Front St.. B. F. Phone Main 1719.
raiVTXVG.
LCBUCHES, eusSS^,
AGED WOODSMAN
EXPOSES PLOTS
Government Brings Forward
Important Witness in the
Oregon Land Fraud Cases
PORTLAND. Dec 2.— The climax in
the land frauds trial, so far as the
Government is concerned, has been
reached and the law has but one more
witness to be placed on the stand and
then the prosecution will close Its case.
Throughout the prosecution's case the
evidence has been more or less sensa
tional, dragging, as it has, the names
of men high in the councils of the Gov
ernment into the public eye in an un
enviable light and leaving many pe
culiar transactions to be explained by
the defense. To-day'B testimony was
exceptionally startling.
A. W. Heidicke, an aged woodsman,
broken by his guilt, confessed the story
of his relations with the accused men
and women and told a story that could
not be shaken under cross-examina
tion by Judge O'Day, chief counsel for
the defense. From Helfilcke's testi
mony many things are expected to
spring.
The name of N. Haskell Withe, the
lumberman of La Crosse, Wis., wag
connected with the case to-day by the
testimony of Ira P. Hower, who told of
having loaned Horace G. . McKlnley
$2100 on the George A. Howe lands,
which were transferred to Withe.
The testimony of Heidicke told the
story of the alleged conspiracy prac
tically from its inception up to the time
the Grand Jury made Its investigation
and to-night his story remains uncon
troverted. The defense will begin to
show its hand at to-morrow's session
of the court.
YOLO SUPERVISORS
RESTRAINED BY COURT
Rico Brothers Complain That a Pro
posed Reclamation District Mill
Injure Them In Business.
Complaint has been filed in the
United States Circuit Court by Joseph
Gonzales Rico and Frank G. Rico,
subjects of the King of Portugal,
against the Board of Supervisors of
Yolo County and J. H. Glide of Sac
ramento. The complainants allege
that they own 207 acres of reclaimed
swamp land in reclamation district
No. 307; that Glide owns 887 acres
in the same district, and that he has
petitioned the Supervisors to divide
the district by making Glide's land a
new district. If this should be done,
the complainants say they will be de
prived of the full use of the levees,
ditches, etc., now in the district and
will be obliged to expend large sums
of money in 'constructing new ones.
Judge Morrow granted a temporary
injunction until the matter can bo
heard on its merits..
Rabbi Nieto Preaches Sermon.
Rabbi Nieto delivered a powerful
sermon last night at Congregation
Sherith Israel, 'in which he told' of
radical changes in history from .. the
times of the ancients. He advocated
that while changes were essential/still
none should forget or cast aside those
traditions which had been the.founda
tion of all that is great in the world to
day.' !.- _•. v ■ .-•;
If you desire a good appetite and wish
to enjoy, every meal you eat, take' Lash's
Kidney and Liver /Bitters.- \ "
THE ;SAN FRANGISCO 'GALIJr^SATURDAY^^DEGEMBER^S, ?i904.
WILL NOT OPEN
DIVORCE SUIT
Appeal Is to Be Taken From
Judge Troutt ? s Refusal to
Admit Husband's New Plea
POINT IS IMPORTANT
Involves Conduct of Party
Who Has an Interlocutory
Decree — Alimony Orders
Judge Troutt's denial of a motion to
admit a supplemental answer in the
Mathews 'divorce case yesterday will
be appealed to the Supreme Court by
Samuel M. Shortridge, attorney for 1
William A. Mathews. A serious ques
tion involving the rights of litigants is
raised.
On November 5, 1903, * Mrs. Lois
Mathews was granted an interlocutory
decree of divorce and awarded the cus
tody of their children, with $30 a
month alimony. Tha prescribed year
had elapsed, but the final decree had
not been entered, and yesterday Math
ews sought to deprive his wife of
a right to divorce by presenting an
affidavit to the court charging her with
the commission of specific acts of in
fidelity on dates between April and
November of this year. Judge Troutt
held that the motion was" in the nature
of an application for a new trial, and
he denied it. Thereupon he granted
Mrs. Mathews a final decree and set
\ next Thursday for the hearing of a
motion to modify the decree to permit
the husband to have the custody of
the children and cease the payment of
alimony. Mr. Shortridge remarked
that the court was granting • the
divorce in the face of an uncontradict
ed affidavit that the wife had been un
faithful.
SHORTREDGE ARGUES.
Attorney Shortridge contended that
the interlocutory decree was not a
divorce, and that until the final decree
is granted the parties are married.
Only two things, he said, could, dis
solve the union — death and a final de
cree. Therefore, if a plaintiff were
granted an interlocutory decree and
should thereafter commit any act in
violation of the marriage contract the
court could not hold him or her guilt
less, and should decline to grant the
final decree, which is the divorce.
In several of the departments ; of
court yesterday orders for alimony and
maintenance were made. In Judge
Troutfs court Maud C. Potter showed
that she had been active in trying to
«:ompel her husband, who is a grip
man on the Hayes-street line, to pay
?7G he owes, but Judge Troutt thought
there was not sufficient evidence of
service of the order to show cause and
continued the hearing. , '
Judge Sloss ordered A. K. Henry to
pay Isabella M. Henry $7 50 a week
until the trial cf her divorce suit on
January 9.
Judge Kerrigan gave Thomas B.
Eagen of San Jose a week in which to
pay up and ordered L. H. Guion to
contribute $30 a month to Rosie Guion.
Fred W. Murphy, owner of a half in
terest In the 550,000 - business of the
Pacific Boiler Works, was commanded
by Judge Muraaky to give his wife,
Lillian, f50 a month for herself and
Tour-month-old babe, and Dr. E. D.
Colburn, a dentist, was instructed to
pay ,$40 a month to his wife, Emily,
whom he married last May and who
sued him for separate maintenance.
Leontlne Weber, who declines to get
a divorce from Albert Weber, was
awarded $35 a month by Judge Troutt.
Thomas Collins, an employe of the
United States Mint, was told by Judge
Graham to pay his wife's alimony in
a week or go to Jail. /
DIVORCE GRANTED.
Divorces were granted by Judge
Troutt to Emma R. Miller from Otis
H. Miller, desertion; to.Annie M. Wil
liamson from C. C. Y. Williamson,
cruelty. By Judge Graham to Johan
nah Gorman from Thomas Gorman,
cruelty: to Lulu I. Case from Robert
Case, cruelty. Judge Kerrigan an
nulled the marriage of Mae Elizabeth
Brown and John O. Brown because it
was illegal. Brown got an interlocu
tory decree of divorce from his wife,
Eliza, on May 8, 1902, and on the same
day went to another county and wed
ded Elizabeth.
Suits for divorce were filed by Grace
L. Davis against Preston R. Davis,- a
civil engineer, for neglect: Theresa
Riley against John Riley, cruelty.
TECHNICAL. SOCIETY HEARS
BENJfETT'S CONCLUSIONS
Claims That Man Does Not Maintain
High Standards of Ability
at Night.
The Technical Society of the Pa
cific Coast held its second session yes
terday at the Mechanics' Library
building, 31 Post street, George .W.
Dickie, the president, in the chair.
In a paper on "Some Weak Points In
Long-Distance Electric Transmission"
James C. Bennett stated that a promi
nent characteristic of the many stop
pages of current is the time of their
occurrence. On referring to records it
is to be observed, said Bennett, that
by far the greater number take place
at night. Mechanically this should not
be so, a fact which inclines him. to the
belief that its principal cause must be
one that renders the occurrence well
nigh unavoidable, vis.: That men do
not maintain their highest standard of
ability and reliability at night as dur
ing the daytime.
Bennett said that night is, as all
know, not a natural time for man to
be expected to be fully up to. his high
est standard of mental activity. ,
Frank P. Medina read a paper on
"Engineering and, the -Law" .and J.
Richards gave a paper on' "Phenomena
of Machine Operations.". , V
In the evening Edward T. Hewitt
delivered an Interesting address on
"Trade Schools." - This afternoon-the
society will . hear a paper by Marsden
Mansoh on" "Durability of the'Mate
rials of Masonry Used in . San ,■ Fran
cisco," and, Otto von Geldern will ex
plain a practical method devised by
him for azimuthing and adjusting a
modern gun In ,our important. harbor
defense. Von Geldern's " subject Vwijl
commend itself to those interested in
coast artillery.
Will Argue by Briefs.
The demurrer of P. Marslcano. to
the complaint of the State of v Califor
nia for the abatement of "Marslcano's
place'' : on Dupont street was .' on th*
calendar in Judge Sloss' department
yesterday, but the court was not pre
pared to hear. the arguments. .He said
that he would hear them -on Monday,
but Attorney Collins suggested that
the Monnier will contest, in " which . ho
is engaged, would then be on trial.
He then went to Judge Graham to
see if the latter ' case could go over,
but Judge Graham would not consent.
Thereupon Mr. . Collins ' said he would
submit his . Marsicano argument .'by
brief. This will be answered ; orally
by Max ; Kuhl or H. W. Hutton, Tand
Mr. Collins /will : reply in turn . by : brief .
In this way he ; can . handle the two
cases at once.
TO URGE PEACE
AMONG NATIONS
Governor Pardee Will Pre
side at Mass-Meeting in
This City Monday Night
LEADING MEN TO SPEAX
Movement to Arouse Public
, Interest in Arbitration
Treaties . Meets Success
The agitation in all , parts of the
United States to urge Congress at Its
coming session to ratify, the proposed
treaties of international arbitration ; is
finding a fertile field in . San Fran
cisco. Leading citizens have allied
themselves in, hearty enthusiasm with
the movement. On Monday evening a
mass meeting will be held at the Tem
ple Emanu-El. Speech' making' will
arouse popular interest and resolu
tions will be adopted asking Congress
to work for international peace..
Governor George C. Pardee will pre
side at the meeting. He will be called
to the chair by Circuit Judge W. W.
Morrow, who is president of the Pa
cific Coast branch of the , American
Conference on International Arbitra
tion.
Some of the best speakers and most
prominent men of the West will argue
for the American Government's par
ticipation in the treaty making yoiner
forward among the nations. Among
those who will deliver addresses are
Dr. David Starr Jordan, Dr. Benja
min Ide Wheeler, Rabbi Jacob "Voor
sanger, the Rev. Bradford Leavltt,
Franklin K. Lane, Sheldon Kellogg
and United States Circuit Judge Wil
liam H. Hunt of Montana.
During Cleveland's administration
the effort was made to have the Unit
ed States join in arbitration treaties,
but it failed. A determined move
ment is now being made throughout
the country to bring about favorable
legislation and meetings similar to
that in San Francisco Monday evening
are to be held this month in all the
large cities. John W. Foster, former
ly Secretary of State, is at the head
of the organization formed to arouse
public opinion. ■ •
Treaties with Great Britain, France,
Germany and Mexico are now ready
for submission to the Senate. Others
are in course of preparation. It is hoped
and expected that the United States
will take a leading part in the prog
ress of arbitration by adopting these
compacts. The tenor of them all is
that "differences of a Judicial order,
or relative to the interpretation of ex
isting treaties, which it may not have
been possible to settle by diplomacy,'
shall be submitted to the Permanent
Court of Arbitration established by
the convention of July 29, 1899, at
The Hague, on condition, however,
that neither the vital interests nor the
independence or honor of the two
contracting states nor the interests of
any state other than- the two con
tracting states . are involved."
Fountain Head for Fountain Pens.
We are sole agents and selling agents
for the beat fountain pens in the world.
Prices $1, $2. $2.50, up to $7.50 each.
Satisfaction or money returned. Sanborn,
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Iroquols Club Nomlnalcs.
The year has passed for th'e.Iro
quois Club and last evening it nom
inated new. officers for the coming
twelvemonth. Nominees will be bal
loted upon at a meeting of the club
to be held next Friday evening. Fol
lowing Is- tbrfe ticket: For president,
William J. Locke; first vice president,'
D. Gilbert Dexter; second vice presi
dent, Charles Edelman; secretary, E.
R. Zlon; financial' secretary, A. D.
Pratt; corresponding secretary, H. L.
Bienfield; treasurer, William Assmuc
sen; trustees, Louis Metzger, Dr. W.
J. Bryan, I* V. Merle, J. J. Macks, M.
C. Hassett, H. J. Davis. S. S. Bailey.
J. J. Flynn, James F. Creegan and
Thomas J. Plnder. Though ten mem
bers were nominated for trustees, but
seven will be elected.
AjPyERTJaEMENTS. ■__■,■_-.,___■„,,■„
f It is
JB3T . i iSa.
t "Good Form" V
M Leaders in business and social life must
if always be well and vigorous, and full of the ik
If charm of health. Nothing corrects the results of ll
B& late hours and irregular living like Beecham's §1
If Pills. When you wake in the morning with a 11
m bad taste in the mouth, a heavy head and a dis- H
[I | Q j^Q K© ' rl
H Beecham's Pills according to directions and before E
H long you will congratulate yourself for having had H
H the good sense to make the resolution. Beecham's ffl
g Pills are purely vegetable, and gently accomplish M
H their mission of health. As a cathartic and M
el corrective medicine nothing can equal $
V Beecham's B
*^%L oId Evcrywhcrc I#n boxes Jff
MAKES TROUBLE
OVER A CORPSE
Husband Quarrels With His
Deceased Wife's Sister for
Possession of the Eemains
SEARCHES FOR LAWYER
Absence of Attorney -Delays
Appeal to Court for an In
junction by the Spouse
Special Dispatch to The Call
SAN BERNARDINO,, Dec. 2.—Addt
son Chester -Dewey, -who was relieved
by the death of his wife from a suit for
divorce, has been making: life interest
ing f or. her. sisters. Mrs. H.H. Harkin
son, one of the sisters and. executrix of
the dead woman's will, had given, or
ders to an undertaker In Upland to pre
pare; the body for shipment to San
Francisco, where It was to be buried.
Dewey- learned of this and signified his
disapproval to Mrs. Harklnson, who
paid no attention to him. Then Dewey
called on the undertaker and demanded
that the body should be given burial in
the spot of hla selection, but the un
dertaker, too, ignored him.
Baffled, at Upland,- Dewey cam* to
San Bernardino and tried to find his at
torney . to secure an • Injunction to pre
vent the removal of the body, but the
attorney was not In the city and Dewey
would consult no other. .
Dewey is said to have declared when
the divorce summons was served on
him that he also had grounds for a di
vorce and that he was glad his wife
had taken such a step. Sensational de
velopments are expected when the will
is contested.
Says Good Words for Japan.
Bishop r M.C. Harris of the Ameri
can Missionary Society gave an inter
esting lecture last evening: in the au
ditorium of the T. M. C. A, building
on Japan's effort to overcome the in
roads of - Russia in Korea and Man
churia. The speaker related the story
of Japan's attempt to keep from be
ing gobbled up by the Russian bear
prior to the ■ breaking out of the war.
He spoke for. the Japanese and said
that the American people would learn
that the* success of the Mikado's men
would mean a great deal for the Unit-
ed States, especially the Pacific Coast.
A- large > part of the audience was
composed of young Japanese students,
who listened with great intere3t to the
Bishop's words and frequently Inter
rupted him with applause. Btshop
Harris said that the great peril in the
Far East was not the "yellow peril,"
but the "white peril." Japan would
eventually win and the threatened in
vasion of Korea and curtailing of
trade . in Manchuria would no longer
be a menace to the commerce of this
country.
After. the lecture a subscription for
the benefit of the poor Japanese fam
lles whose men folk are fighting
their country's battles was taken up.
$35,000 Creditors' Sale.
Wait until Monday morning, 10 o'clock,
when ' the great creditors' sale '■ will take
place, 762 Market street. $35,000 of
Baron's fine goods from Geary street
must be sold In a few days. Fine suits
for. ladles will go at $5; children's suits
from $1.50 to $4. By order of the as
signee, E. J. Hanson, 762 Market at. , *
Flnancial Report Untrue.
United Railroads officials are trying
to discover the source of a report re
cently circulated concerning a purport
ed statement from President Holland
relative to the finances of the company.
In discussing the matter yesterday an
official of the company said:
"No recent public statement has been
made either by the president or by any
other officer regarding the finances of
the company. The alleged report is in
correct, misleading and not justified by
the facts. Furthermore, the officials
say that surplus earnings are not being
diverted from the requirements for the
maintenance and ■ Improvement of the
property."
_^^_^ ■_ji r^ J^i r '_^^_ n ~ APVKKTISEMEN'rS.
JbIk °A^5 Matewalj: — One qoart diced >^L \,
A> "^Vm eooked meat, one pint boDcd diced C{^( [
~-^!iC^|^^wi=L^ potatoes, two sliced minced bacon, cIJ2S|
' ><jg**^/^\ 'lO^y brown gravy, salt, pepper, plain fcgjjgj
Lea & Perrins
THE ORIGINAL WORCESTERSHIRE
Seasoning : — Beafiteak pie often leems lacking in piquancy. The
finishing touch is given by mixing with the brown gravy two
tablespoonfuls of Lea C& Perrins' Sauce. When well baked and
served piping hot it will be pronounced perfect.
JOHN DUNCAN'S 8OK9, Apon, If IW YO&X,
OPERAff § Y©|J HOUSE
A new Tlroll tri- mm a a ■ ■ .
umph. at popular Ta RiirynT
price., of th. sreat I ||-l\3l
Comic Opera Success I M II IV III
byPlxleyandLuden. W ■■■^■■»
In thre« act*, called:
TIT f fk I f\ n von cast:
R\ I I\J1. m IncludlDK: WUlard
li&ll^l^JI Slmms. Teddy
Webb, Edwin
TVATVA Clarke. William
ill bBBG a Schuster. Ben Dll-
Oj Jmf lon > Irene Outtrlm.
Edith Mason, Dora
de Pmipp*, Bessie Tannehlll.
Seats Always Selling— Rec. TTroll PrlCMt
REGULAR MATINEE BATTJRDAT.
SURPRISESand NOVELTIES
&/\M ELTON
"The Mam Who Mads the Shah LatwV;
Maram erlte LeEoy and Sisr. OnUalsxo
Bled; Josselin Trio; Clement de t.i/««,
and Orphetun Motion Pictures. Show-
ing "The Lost Child" and Other Novel-
ties, irfist Times or
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney Drew;
Webb's Seals; DeWltt. Bans and Tor*
ranee, and Tyce and Jermon.
Regular Matinees Every Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
v Prices — lOo. 25c and gOc
f*fml IIUDI A SAS FRAHCISCO^
UUbiULnriB_BM leadim theav^
MATINEE TO-DAY.
TO-NIOHT.
Third and Last Week Begins Next Monday.
Charles B. Dllllngham presents
MAXINE ELLIOTT
In tha Clyde Fitch Comedy,
HER OVUIN WAY
To-morrow (Sun.) night— German performance.
"IM WEISSEN ROESSL"
(At the Whit* Horse Tavern.)
Sunday, Deo. 11— "A Chinese Honeymoon."
, CALIFORNIA %
I^AST TlilE TO-NIOHT.
The San Francisco Favorites,
GALLAGHER & BARRETT
In the Evergreen Success,
. FINNIGAN'S QML.L
MATINEE TO-MORROW
The William H. West Minstrels
A Great Organization, Including
7BEDEBXGX V. BOWSB8
The famous singer and composer,
author of "Always," "Because, 1 ' etc
Featured with th» great Klralfy Spec-
tacle at the St. Louis Fsir. Biggest
act ever seen In minstrelsy.
General Manager.
Matinee to-day and to-morrow— Last nights.
I- The Greatest Stock Com-
pany tn America ta Sail
Cane's Master Work.
~~ CHRISTIAN |
One of the most artlstlo successes of the year.
MISS LAWRENCE AS GLORY QUATLE.
MR. CRAIO AS JOHN STORM.
Evenlnrs, 25c to 75c Matinees, 25c to 60c.
Deo. S — J. M. Barrle's Laughable Comedy,
THE PROFESSOB'S !K>VE STOBY.
CENTRAL*!?
Market St., oear Eighth. Phone South 633.
Matinee to-day and to-morrow — Two last
nights.
Tha greatest Eastern success of recent years,
first time here of the excellent comedy .
drama,
THE LITTLE CHURCH
AROUND THE CORNER
A tale of real life! Humor! "Pathos! Wit!
■ The Insane Asylum at Blackwell Island.
The Fight in the Tower.
Xmas and the blizzard.
POPULAR PRICES— Ere. 10c to 60c Mats.
10c 15c, 25c
Next— "THE BtTBtTRBAN."
Baci! -ifaWii
New ,*$& Jockey
California |W dub
OAKLAND TRAGIC.
Commencing SATURDAY. November IX
, Racing every week day, rain or shlae.
Races start at 2:13 p. m. sharp.
For special trains stopping at the track take
B. P. Ferry, foot of Market street, at 12:00.
12:30. 1:00, .1:30 or 2:00. Returning trains
leave the track at 4:10 and 4:45 p. m. and Im-
mediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS. President.
PERCY W. TREAT. Secretary.
"miscelxajteous AsrusEMJbrrs.
BASEBALL.
Los Angeles vs. Tacoma
1 POST-SEASON CHAMPIONSHIP.
AT RECREATION. PARK.
Eighth and Harrison sts. -
THURSDAY, FRIDAY- and SATURDAY.
ata^W X . - ill ■
SUNDAY. 2:30 P. M.
LADIES FREE TO-DAY AND FRIDAY.
• Advance Sale of Seats at ft Stockton it.
AMUSEMENTS.
IN6LESIDE
COURSING PARK.
Every
SATURDAY
and
SUNDAY.
Coarttag win batfa at 11 o'clock th*n» aad
continue until IJxm lift wtaatnc flag ffoe* a».
TOTAL PRIZES : : :
AH HU»kn-«t. can tranrftr to Onemrt
cars, which go direct to th* park.
JTOHX GRACE. Judr*.
EDWARD BHORT3TAQ. gttfffmt.
>
GRAND SSSIg
Matinee To-Day— Last Night -
..TTe Show GirL.
Stertfa g To-Morrow Mat.
WBLLLAMS
and WALKER
&&• IN DAHOMEY
Seats Now Selling
., i.
(Abfiotutely Ttrcvnct.y
H. W. BISHOP Lessi-e and Manager
T0-X16HT aS&5£r. TO-NIBHT
MATTXE3 TO-DAT.
Ollrmr Moro«co OCTars
Howard Oould — J. B. OOmou
And tit* M&jeatlc Theater Compaoy ta
Th* TJnabridrnl Production, According to th«
Antiior'B Script, of Augustus Thomas'
, Great Play
"IN MIZZOURA"
REAPPEARANCE OF ADKLB BLOCK.
Next— "THK SENATOR.**
TONT LUBELSKI General Maoag«r
A Koontaln of Novelties— The "Whole City
Flockin* to Be* th* Wonderfo] Act*.
SUKPRISE3 7RO3C 8TABT TO FINISH.
PEOPLE'S
OPULAR
RICES
IOc and 2Oc — so higher.
Greatest Vaudeville Perforznaacs for th*
prices In th* world. Children, to any part of
th* theater, 10c Performance every afternoon
at 2:30. Every evening at 7:30 and 0. Con-
tinuous Saturday and Sunday Matinees from 2
to B. Continuous Saturday and Sunday Even-
ln*9 from 7 to 11. Ten hljb-cUw "Headlln-
•ra,". Btaxtllmr new BoroDean mortny pic-
ture*. Chans* of Procramm* Weakly.
A Splendid Show Snrj AtUaauxm aal
Srasiiur In the Taaatez.
DO2TT FAHj TO 8EB
THE JOHNSTOWN FLOOD,
THE RZXGXIXO SENSATIOX OS* CONCT
ISLJUVD and th* 'WORLD'S FAXR.
A NEVB3R TO BB FORQOTTXX SPCCT ACLEJ
2O«ctrle Pooataia Dtrplay Ti^aisrlrt.
ADMISSION lOo I CHILDREN 8a
I YRIP MA! I 119 Eddv st.
\f I JSSKa nJ\L*L, Above Mason.
The Star of Bethlehem
Positiisl] Last Two Representations
, This Afternoon at 3. To-N'lsrht at 8:15.
Reserved Seats, (l.BO. $1.00 and 75c Box
Office at Sherman. Clay A Co.'*.
PaiarA DONTFAILTO
rdldWC gee beaotifal
j COURT Lounging
Jlflfl room, the EMPIRE
auu Parlor, the
rr x PALM ROOM, the
lirSflQ LOUIS XV PAR-
ui auu LOR^ tnd the j^
U^i.^1^ DIES' WRITING
Hotels room -
fe ?PATENTSf
XSS^330 MARKET ST.&F.VSgy
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
Wee! Call SLOOjtrtur
910
SCOTTISH BOWLING DRAWS MANY ENTHUSIASTS TO GOLDEN GATE PARK GREEN
WHERE IT CAN BE ENJOYED UNDER PLEASANT CONDITIONS
THREE FIELDS
FOR FOOTBALL
CHAMPIONSHIPS
Games at Idora Park,
Golden Gate and
Alameda.
Oakland Hornets Are
Matched Against
Occidentals.
From this time forward the matches
on the schedule of the California Asso
ciation Football League for the cham
pionship of 1904-1905 should be played
regularly, as four grounds are avail
able, viz.: Freeman's Park. Golden
Gate: Idora Park, Oakland; the ground
at Eighth and Harrison streets and the
cricket field at Alameda.
The three matches scheduled for to
morrow are: Independents versus Pick
. wicks, at Freeman's Park; Vampires
versus Albion Rovers, at Alameda, and
Oakland Hornets versus Occidentals, at
Idora Park. In all three matches the
!>ell will be kicked off at 2:30 p. m. The
Kagles have no match to-morrow, ha\>
ing drawn the bye. C. W. Irish will be
referee in the Independent-Pickwick
match. Norman Logan in the Vampire-
Albion game and J. Frew in the Hor
net-Occidental contest.
The Independent and Pickwick teams
will line up in the following order:
•Independent?. Positions. Pickwicks.
AntrobuK Goal keeper. W. T. Bowcock
Armstrong Right back McK<«
Forbes Left back. A. E. Bowcock
DuncBKson Rifrht halfback Hatters
nallmaln Onter halfback ..Bowden
McGran Left hal f back . . McClelland
J. Jones Outride rljrht. . . .Robertson
T. Fay <capt.) Inside tight Warren
p; Fay Center forward Banks
K. Fay Inside left Ingannl
Higgins Outside left Moon
In the Vampire-Albion match the
teams will occupy the following posi
tions:
Vampires. Positions. Albion Rovers.
< 'hiver* Goalkeeper Lowe
Weiber Right back Jennings
7'fl'Tfen Left back John
• Earner Uight halfback. Drummond
Turner Center halfback. . Anderron
Harm-cod (capt.). . . . Left halfback Bayne
I.**- s Outside right Shand
E. Leroutieur Int-ide right McArthur
I l:::r!F!len Center forward. . Alnsworth
IT ill w i Him Inside left Whyte
Wilding Outside left Bradley
In the Hornet -Occidental match the '
elevens will occupy the following posi
tions:
Oakland Hornets. Position*. Occidentals.
liarrttt .Goalkeeper Rushton
Gillchrrst Right back Milne
Pomeroy Lrft back Tierney
McGregor Right halfback Anderson
Kird Center halfback Allen
B. Taylor Lfft halfback Madison
P.. Disher Outside right Goodlet
T. Dlsher Inside right Grade
MrK«nzie <capt.)... Center. .T. S. Lydon fcapt.)
Smith Inside left J. Taylor
Chamber* Outside left Hodge
" W. T. Bowcock as goalkeeper for the
Pickwicks played an excellent game
last Sunday. The Albion Rovers' score
would have been considerably larger
had it not been for many fine saves by
him. On the Rovers' side the right
wing did all the scoring, Shand putting
the ball into the net once by a clever
iiack kick, and repeatedly working it
up half the length of the field and cen
tering it right in front of the posts.
McArthur played a strong game, scor
ing four goals.
The standing of the clubs for the
.championship of the present season is
shown in the table:
Matches. I Goals. I
r! :S r c *i > -s
• • CLUBS. 5 § ! £ 13 •" 2 - I
s. ; ; ? ; § ?
Occidental 3 3 0 .0 12 2 6*
Independent 4 3 1 0 13 7 6
Albion Rovers 5 3 2 Oltf 6 «
Vampire 3 2 1 0 « 7 4
Pickwick 4 1 .l|0 1 13 2
Oakland liornet 2 O 2w 1 9 «
llagle I 3 0 3 | 0 2 7 0
Now that the baseball season is over
the Occidental Athletic Club, which,
having lost the ground at Ninth and
Bryant streets, has had no place to play
its home matches, will again be pro
vided with a ground. The ground at
Eighth and Harrison streets in this city
har been engaged from December 1 to
the end of the season. The Oakland
Hornets have engaged Idora Park for
Sunday afternoons till the end of the
association football season.
» ♦ »
cHicKirri:us want game
';'•:- WITH AUSTRALIAN TEAM
:\i:tipo«irnii Cracks Will Pass Through
San Francisco on Their Way
. ' to durland.
JV meeting of the California Cricket
Association will be held in this city
on- Monday^ evening. The chief mat
ters for discussion will be the pro
posed acquisition of a new ground for
cricket and the visit of the Australian
■eleven of 1905 to this city next spring.
The Australians will be on their
•way to England, which they expect to
reach at the end of March, their open
ing match to be played early In April.
If satisfactory arrangements can be
made with Major Wardlll, the man
ager of the Australian team, a match
.will be played here between the Aus
tralians and an eighteen of Califor
nia. The secretary of the California
Cricket Association has addressed a
letter to Major Wardill. in which the
suggestion is made that a game be
played in San Francisco.
Lovers of cricket in thi« city and
the neighborhood would be glad to
see the cracks from the Antipodes and
the Australians would probably be
willing after three weeks on board
ship to stretch their legs on a cricket
field. The CaJifornians will be quite
out of practice, as the earliest games
in' California are not played until
April, whereas the Australians are not
only superb players, but will leave
their country at the height of the
summer cricket season there.
Woman Fights for Her Children.
A sad sight presented itself yesterday
to Secretary White of the Society for
Prevention of Cruelty to Children and
Police Officer Young when they tried to
Cake the two little children, respective
ly two and four years old, from Mrs.
Goldberg at her neglected hovel, 21*4
Hayward place. The woman, who is
feehle minded, clung to the children
with the tenacity of a wild animal. The
husband and father of the household
is a confirmed opium fiend and was re
moved to the City and County Hospi
tal for treatment while the mother was
placed in a cell in the Detention Hos
pital for examination touching . her
mental condition. The children were
taken In charge by Secretary White
*nc" will be looked after.
VETERANS BOWL WITH THE ARDOR OF YOUTH
Important Match to
Be Bowled To-Day
at Oakland.
"Bowling on the green," or Scottish
bowls, was introduced in San Fran
cisco about two years ago by a few
enthusiastic Scotchmen. In that pe
riod of \tlme it has become an im
mensely popular pastime among men
of all nationalities and ages. The
game appeals more strongly to men
past the meridian of life, but it also
has some youthful followers.
At present there are several Scot
tish bowling clubs on the coast, the
largest being here and in Oakland.
The home club has a membership of
about 100, while the club across the
bay numbers about half that many
members. The Claremont Country
Club has laid out a splendid green,
which will be used to-day for the first
time in an inter-club match. Teams
from the San Francisco and Oakland
clubs will meet and formally open the
new green.
This match is unusually interesting
because of the fact that San Fran
cisco won the last inter-club contest
on the Oakland green, while the pre
vious match was won by Oakland on
the San Francisco green. This will
be the first meeting of the clubs' rep
resentatives on a neutral green. Each
club will send its best twelve men
into the fray. San Francisco will pin
its faith to the following: Y. C. Law
son, W. R. Eaton. H. L. Tickner. J.
S. Webster, A. A. McVicar, J. CV Mof
fatt, judge Lucien Shaw, Artdrew Mc-
Xair, Thomas Altken, Robert Park, T.
Millar and T. McXaught.
No tournament matches will be
played on the park green to-day, as
most of the cracks will be across the
bay. Play will be resumed next week.
Trre doubles* tournament which has
been under way for some time will be
completed as soon as possible.
Y. C. Lawson. the man who intro
duced Scottish bowling here and an
enthusiastic worker in its cause, will
leave for 'New York next month. Mr.
Lawson was the first president of the
club and its first champion. The suc
cess of the club and popularity of the
game is due in a 'great extent to his
untiring efforts. H. L. Tickner. the
new club president, is another en
thusiast, who will prove a worthy suc
cessor to Mr. Lawson. M. L. Crowe
was the second champion. J. C. Mof
fatt the third and Dr. Hamilton the
present champion.
CHARGED WITH SENDING ££-.
THREATENING LETTERS
\. E. Lucas Obtains Warrant for Ar
rest of J v \V. C. Bcattie for .
Disturbing the Peace;
A. E. Lucas, private detective, got a
warrant from Police Judge Cabaniss
yesterday for the arrest of J. W. C.
Beattie, former secretary of the ■Hall-
Association of the Knights of Pythias,
on a charge of disturbing the peace.
Lucas has been receiving anonymous
letters recently bearing the skull and
crossbones and intimating that he
would soon be in his coffin. He sub
mitted the letters to Theodore Kytfca,
the handwriting expert, who pro
nounced the handwriting that of Beat-
■ Lucas explains that some, time ago
Beattie made a statement in. his pres
ence that he was in fraternal societies
only for what was in it for himself.
Lucas checked him for it at the time
and also took occasion, he says, to de
nounce him in the lodgeroom of the
Knights of Pythias.
Sidewalk Elevator Ordinance.
The Merchants' Association yester
day filed with the Supervisors' the
draft of a section which was inad
vertently omitted in the adopted or
dinance regulating the safety of side
walk elevators.' The section provides
that the elevator doors. shall be kept
open for the actual. receipt- and deliv
ery of merchandise and for thirty
minutes thereafter and - that suitable
guards at . railings - shall be ; placed
around the sidewalk openings, to
gether with a lighted, lantern" after
dark.
THE SAN -FRANCISCO'' CALL, . 'SATURDAY, DECEMBER 3. 1904.
DUCK SHOOTERS
ARE HOPEFUL
Improvement in Sport Is
Expected With Cool
Weather.
It is evident from the returns made
by the cleverest duck shooters • that
conditions on the various marshes last
Sunday were not favorable for good
sport. Otto Feudner, who rarely re
turns with less than the limit, brought
down only thirty-five. Clarence Nau
man shot on .the U. M. C. preserve at
Collinsville and bagged but twenty
two. Charles Long secured sixteen at
the same place. A. M. Shields
acknowledged the ownership of a
string v of twelve. The shooting
throughout the Suisun district waa
The best reports come from the vi
cinity of Alvarado, where Dan Os
trander, Carlson and others had
marked success, several limit bags be-
ing secured.
The moon now being obscured, bet
ter sport is expected this w-eekT—VThe
birds were , in the habit during the
moonlights-nights of coming in from
the bay and enjoying the hospitality
afforded by the heavily baited ponds.
They would then return in the early
morning to their" favorite haunts out
of reach of the gunners.
The bay is full of fine canvasbacks,
but they do not work well for the
guns. Those that are killed are pro
nounced of fine flavor. Frank Mas
terson, Tom Lewis and Mr. Barber
killed twenty- two, "cans", at Collins
ville on Wednesday out of a total bag
of twenty-eight.
Down San Bruno way and about
Vallejo and San Pablo the sportsmen
are getting a large proportion of blue
biJls. The full flight of northern birds
has not set In. yet, according to well
Informed gunmen. Most of the birds
killed are not in the full, plumage
usually found In birds known to have
come out of the north.
The members of the Empire Gun
Club found a large/number of birds
on the • ponds and sloughs of their
Monterey preserve last ■ Sunday, but
the ducks disappeared at, the first shot.
Eighteen was the largest bag secured
during the day. although all the mem
bers brought home some birds. .There
were sixteen guns out," including L.M.
McRoskey, J. B. Hauer, Bert Patrick,
J. Peltier, C. A. Bennett, Con. Roman,.
Dr. George G. Gere, F.S. Judah.Guy
T. Wayman, F. Blair Turpin,. F. L.
HoupX, Dr. Clyde S. Payne and.F.B."
Surryhne. Fully as many will be but
to-morrow an,d better, sport , is .ex
pected. ■ •■ • ■ • . ' • - . •
A writer in Forest and Stream pays
the following tribute. to duck shooting,
which will be appreciated by all
sportsmen:. . , ; . -
You may go duck shooting and the sun may
shine and the . sea be calm and the ducks re
fuse to .fly and your gun ba useless ■ from
dawn to dark. Or It may .blow great guns
and the sea may surge and " the old boat - tug
at the anchor and- the 'rains drive V and " the
ducks go to Jericho. : And so . with - one un
toward ■ condition ' or. the other- or "both- your
leave of absence may '--. be frittered away and
your baggage checked for home and your train
boarded with never a 'duck to show- for' It all.
And yet shall. the outing not have been fruit
less nor without Its. substantial, good." You
come home refreshed In . body and - soul, . to :
eat with an appetite you have not known for i
months, an elasticity' of step,- a 1 fuller ex
pansion of the chest, a clearer head, a keener
mind, a stouter grip on the- day's work -and
a more genial feeling toward ' your fellow men.
It pays to . go duck . shooting when ' you - get
ducks; It pays ' sometimes when you get -none.
DISSIPATES. PROPERTY.— George Golder,
at the request : of . relatives -. of Margretta M.
Brady, yesterday petitioned for. letters of guar
dianship over the latter' s? person and. estate,
alleglnir that she had ' already : dissipated more
than $3000 • worth of her ■ property . and -« was
under the influence of artful and designing per
sons • who ' would get ' the remainder unless ; the
court Intervened. • f -*; •; ■ ;. ?. -
1 VETERAN BOWLERS WHO ENJOY
THE SCOTTISH PASTIME ON
THE TARK GREEN. I
OARSMEN ENJOY SMOOTH
WATER ON THE BAY.
Dolphins and South
Ends Are Active.
The nominating committee of the
Dolphin Swimming and Boating Club
has drawn up the following "* list of
nominees for the various offices during
the coming term of six months: T. J.
Kennedy, president; J. J. Cronln, vice
president; August Bertrand, recording
secretary; Frank Staib, financial sec
retary; Adam Schuppert, treasurer;
Charles Barthold, sergeant at arms;
Val Kehrlein, captain; C. M. Farrell,
lieutenant captain; William Remens
perger, Henry Pernau and C. C. Ken
niff, members of the board of direc
tors; W. Harris and Steve Vicini, mem
bers of the executive committee; A. P.
Rothkopf, A. W. Pape and W. O.
Patch, delegates to the Pacific Asso
ciation of the Amateur Athletic Union;
H. McKevitt, T. R. Dlxon and W. Har
ris,' delegates to the Pacific Association
of Amateur Oarsmen.
The Dolphins' will have .a ladies'
night at the clubhouse at the foot of
Hyde street Thursday evening next.
There will be a programme of vocal
and instrumental music and recita
tions, followed by j dancing. ' The an
nuaji masquerade ball of the club will
be' given at Saratoga Hall on Wednes-
day evening, December 14. ■
•The club is manifesting a good deal
of activity." Every. Sunday two or
three barge crews and several scullers
In shells or outrlgged skiffs go out
from the clubhouse. On a recent holi
day C. M. Farrell and C. /McKevitt.
who were out for. a row In the gig Co
lumbia, found two men in a boat off
the Powell-street wharf drifting, out to
sea. on the strong, ebb tide. Their boat
was 'partly' waterlogged and their
chances of getting back to shore were
slight. The two Dolphin oarsmen took
matters in hand and brought the men
and the boat back to land.
-On Sunday last the Water on the bay
was unusually smooth and pleasant
for rowing. A crew of South End oars
men, A. Simpson, /bow; Matt Harris,
No.. 2; Charles Jenkins. No.J, and .T.
Barry, • stroke, rowed • round Goat
Island' and back- to the boathouse.
Judge. A.. J. Fritz : enjoyed a swim . and
a pull Lp an outrlgged . skiff. The ' nom
inations of candidates to hold oiBce, if
elected/for the coming half-year will
be, made at the next meeting/of the
South End Rowing Club. '
Sues • Mining Directors.
,, j;-E. Manning, a stockholder in the
La'- Palma Mining Company,' operating
in Mexico, has sued all- the directors
of the company/except E. A. Norton,
for an accounting. He alleges that
George. E. Davis, 'president, : and E.
Worth; "■ secretary, have -. sold - several
thousand shares of ' the company's
stock and ■ appropriated the . proceeds
tothelr own;us'e and that the various
boards of directors have :j allowed : the"
expenditure of -more^ than $20,000, for
which V no .vouchers . have been ! ren
dered. • Besides ; the , accounting ; the
plaintiff.' asks for. an injunction -to
prevent-the ■ sale of stock for assess
ment? .
CLAREMONT
CLUB OPENS
ITS DOORS
Golf, Teemis, Bow
fling; amid Trap
Shooting.
The Claremont Country ~Club, the I
successor of the Oakland Golf Club, j
formally opens its. clubhouse and
grounds to-day from 1 to 5 p. m. There
will be an eighteen-hole medal play
competition on the new golf course,
with prizes for the winner and runner
up. There will also be competitions,
with"" prizes, in Scotch bowling, lawn
tennis and trap-shooting. Cards of vis
itation have been sent to many of the
members of the- San Francisco Golf
and Country Club and to others Inter
ested in outdoor sports, and a good at
tendance Is expected;
Visitors from San Francisco should
travel by the Key route, changing cars
at Broadway and Fortieth street for
the -grounds of the Country Club. Vis
itors from Alameda should go to Oak
land and thence proceed, as the Oak
landers will do, by the Piedmont cars
to Fortieth street, then change to the
club car, which will, leave at 2: 22
and 42 minutes past each hour. Pas
sengers from Berkeley should transfer
to the Piedmont train on the Key
route and change to the club car at
Fortieth street and Piedmont avenue.
Mrs. R. Gilman Brown of the San
Francisco and San Rafael Golf Club
and Miss A. N. Smith of the Los An
geles Country Club and the San Diego
Golf Club, two of the strongest golfers
of their sex in the State, have been
active in the organization of a proposed
"California Women Golfers' Associa
tion," which will begin operations in
January, 1905. The association is on
the same lines as the Women's Western
Golf Association, which has greatly in
creased the. Interest of ladles in golf
around Chicago and through its secre
tary, and organizers has given the ben
flt of its experience to the leading spir
its of the C. W. G. A. Most of the
members of the executive committee of
the Pacific Coast Golf Association,
with many secretaries and leading
members of the golf clubs, have signi
fied their approval of the proposed
women's association. * ■ . .
The dues of each club to the C. W.
G. A. are to' be $10 a year. A handicap
tournament on the links of each club
is to be played about every six weeks,
and: a team match between north and
south Is to take place at each regular
yearly championship event.' The women
golfers of each club will be expected I
to play In as many tournaments as I
possible and to encourage others to do
so, their only expenses being lunch
eons, fares and caddie fees. ■ ....
• There wlir be "no regular prizes at
each tournament, but there may be an
association medal .or 'an association
cup.. If a medal is decided on the
player winning. the largest number of
medals during a year will be handicap
champion for the succeeding year. If
a cup is decided on the name of the
winner will be engraved on it and her
club will hold it till it is won from her.
A standard system of handicapping
will be adopted, by which each club
can handicap' its players so that they
may have their regular standing at all
tournaments.'* •
William Robertson, formerly a pro
fessional of the San Francisco - Golf
Club.V was at .the links of the Santa
Catallna Island, Golf Club during the •
summer. 'Recently " he laid out a I
course at East San Gabriel for the San I
Gabriel /Country Club. . An extension
of 'the car line ; from' Los Angeles en
ables players and visitors " to ' reach the
club; in; about thlrty r flve minutes from
that city^MM HfeflttSHsfiSBMHl
LEASHMEN AIM
FOR STANDARD
WANT PURE BLOOD
Some Promising Grey
hounds Change Owners.
From the registrations and other de
tails of breeding filed with the Cali
fornia Coursing Committee it Is evident
the standard of greyhounds on this
coast will not deteriorate for years to
come. The number of greyhounds bred
is large while the quality Is of the
best. The sires which stand highest
among the winners are In strong de
mand, showing the coursing men want
the best strains available.
George Nethercott of Sacramento,
whose kennels have produced some sen
sational performers in recent years,
has registered a litter of ten puppies
by Rocker- Freda C. Six of them are
dogs.
Tommy ,Hall, the veteran coursing
man of Merced, has registered a litter
by Rocker-Clara Barton. The latter
was a good performer on the plains.
W. D. Murphy has purchased Idaho
Boy from G. Lacy Crawford.
S. Mahoney has bought Lydia, a
promising puppy by Rocker-Bumble
Bee.
W. P. Spencer has bought Yellow
stone, a puppy of the same litter, which
performed well last week.
Dr. F. P. Clark of Stockton has pur
chased from James Sweeney the six
teen-month-old puppy Creole Sue. She
is of the second litter of Rocker-Fiery
Face. The first litter included such fast
ones as Richard Anton, Rocker Arm,
Raby Aurora and others. Dr. Clark will
start it at Stockton for the Lonjer Cup.
which is run for each year in Decem
ber by young greyhounds owned in the
San Joaquin Valley.
Wilson and Allen of Victor, Iowa, are
preparing to send a strong string of
greyhounds to this coast. H. D. Lowe
of Kansas has sent two and will send
on some more. The two already on the
ground are Peerless Beauty and Lan
cashire Lad. They have shown great
speed and cleverness and much is ex
pected of them.
The management of Union Park is
already making arrangements for the
Inaugural Stake, which is run annually
on January 1. The entrance fee will be
$25 and an entry of sixteen is expected.
A class stake and a reserve event will
make up this week's card at Ingleslde
Coursing Park. The meeting will com
mence to-day and will be concluded to
morrow. There will be no coursing at
Union Park this week owing to the
Illness of Judge P. J. Reilly. A strong
card will be presented next week when
Ingleside Park will be closed. The
likely winners at Ingleslde:
Class stake— Renegade Apache. Rich Array.
Modest Beauty, Jlgamaroo. TllUe R Qulta
Golden Fortune. Ffrm Fellow. Freeport The
Referee. Honest John. Rocked Asleep. Princess
Savoy. Runaway Actress. Lost Chord. In Time
Full Moon,- La Rosa, Carlow Boy, Hudson,
Mount Rose, Richard Anton, Fretter. Miss Lu
cille. I
Reserve stake — Doc Burns. Dear Gaston. J R~,
May Tunlson. Annie Ryne.-Tom Hurlick, Mark
Twain. MuRKsy. Old Ironside*. Peerless Beau
ty. - Concftrd Boy. Wedgewood. Plcadllly. Fid- '
dler. Romping Girl. Commercial Traveler, Bob
R, Belfast. Don Pedro, Lancashire Lad, Icel- I
his. Presto, Queen's Motto, General Dewet. '
Property Owners . Seek Relief.
Property owners on Twenty-third
stree* petitioned the Supervisors yes
terday for relief in the matter of a
tunnel near that street, just east of
View avenue, which was once used as
a source, of water supply and now
causes damage to surrounding proper
ty from dammed up waters. The pe
titioners, say the Department of
Works has been appealed to to no
purpose and ask that Heyman &
Weissbeins.'who abandoned the water
sur»ply,'be compelled to stand the ex
pense of remedying the existing con
ditions.
TO SURRENDER BONDS.— Edith Boswell
Klnc administratrix of ■ the estate of Julia
M. Norris, was authorized by the court yes
terday to surrender $75,000 worth of Natoma
Vineyard Company bonds and inveat the pro
ceeds for i the ■ ben«nt of the estate. ■
PLAYERS REST
AFTER SEVERE
TENNIS WORK
No Tournaments Are
on Schedule for
This Week.
Popular Drummond
MacGavin Leaves
for Europe.
After the strenuous play of last week
the tennis cracks will be given a chance
to rest up for a time. No tournaments
are scheduled and only a few matches
held over from last week's events will
be played to-day and to-morrow. The
continuous tournament will be started
to-morrow, but this will be easy on the
r-players, as they play but once a week.
The principal event will be the match
between George 'anes ard Al. Kenyon.
They met in the finals at the Thanks
' giving day handicap tournament and
each had won two sets when darkness
put a, stop to play. Instead of resum
! Ing play where it was left off the men
! have agreed to play two seta out of
three to-morrow
Kenvon will receive odds of "15"
while Janes will be "15" behind scratch.
These odds are about right as the
match last Sunday proved. Although
the match was a tie Janes looked to
have a little the best of the argument.
Kenyon Is an erratic player and if he
happens to have a "streak" on to-mor
row the scratch "man will be kept busy.
Janes is a steady player and seems at
his best under handicap conditions.
This fact is rather remarkable because
Janes, unlike most successful handicap
players, hits the ball hard and takes
all kinds of chances.
The boys of the Golden Gate Junior
Club have two tournaments to finish
to-day. One Is a singles for a three
time loving cup. M. McLaughlin has
reached the finals and will meet the
winner of the W. Mltchell-H. Getz
match. Both matches will be played
In the afternoon. In the morning the
handicap doubles tournament will be
completed. In the flna.^t A. Martinez
and M. McLaughlin will meet H. Getz
and L. Levinson.
The fourth class singles tournament
commenced on the park courts last
Sunday will be completed to-morrow.
One match remains to be played in the
second ro-und. The contestants will be
Darns and Martin. The others who
will compete in the third round are:
Peck, Fuller, Martin, Turner, Vensano,
Brown and Miller.
The continuous tournament which
will be started on the California Club
courts will prove an Interesting affair
and also a novelty to> most of the play
ers. Events of this kind have been held
in the past, but the last was about five
years ago, before many of the present
cracks were in the game. It will de
cide who is the best player In the club.
A man's position will be determined
strictly according to his ability. The
best players will eventually rise to the
top, while poorer ones who may draw
well will soon be where they belong.
"While the entries close to-day any club
member has the right to enter when he
desires. If he enters later than to-day,
however, he will be compelled to start
at the bottom of his class. MacGavin.
Hardy and Smith will not be In the
competition, and it is a matter of spec
ulation as to who will come to the top
with these men out of it. Dr. McChea
ney looks to be the best man, although
such players as Dr. Hill, H. Long, S.
H. Adams. G. H. Busch, W. Collier and
G. Janes are about as clever as Me
Chesney.
Drummond MacGavin, coast cham
pion. State champion and bay counties
champion, leaves to-day for a trip
around the world. He will arrive in
London in June and may live there for
several years. Thereafter he expects to
reside in South Africa. MacGavin is
one of the most popular champions that
ever played tennis here. He has al
ways been a generous opponent, a good
loser and bears his laurels lightly. As a
token of their esteem MacGavin's club
mates have presented him with a hand
some diamond watch charm. When
MacGavin sails to-day he will take with
him the good wishes of every man and
woman on the coast who handles a ten
nis racket and of many who do not
PROTECTED RIFLE RANGE
AT PRESIDIO COMPLETED
General Moore Inspects the Canton
ment and Finds Quarters of
Troops In Good Shape.
The new protected rifle range at tha
Presidio Is now 'practically completed.
The finishing touches are being put
on and the range will be in readiness
to be inspected by General Moore on
Tuesday. Captain Charles R. How
land, under whose Instructions the
range was constructed, feels confident
that it will meet with General Moore's
approval.
General Moore made a thorough in
spection of the cantonment at the
Presidio yesterday. He found every
thing about the quarters in good
shape, but it is hoped by the officers
and men that he will make a recom
mendation ,to Washington that new
permanent quarters be built commen
surate with the demands of this Im
portant post.
To Overhaul the limited.
The Harriman lines announce that
the Pullman company Is building and
will have ready for delivery In the lat
ter part of December new equipment
for the Overland Limited train, which
will be practically a counterpart of the
famous Twentieth Century Limited,
running between New York and Chi
cago. The present composite library
buffet car Is to be discontinued, as well
as the compartment sleeping car. ' A
composite observation car will be at
tached to the rear of the train. In
place of the compartment sleeping car
there will be a ten-section double draw
ing-room car, leaving Chicago by way
of the Northwestern.
Oester's Patent Void.
By instruction of United States Cir
cuit Judge Morrow a Jury yesterday re
turned a verdict for the defendant In
the case of Charles H. Oester vs. West
ern Sugar Refining Company. Oester.
who is the patentee of a sweeping de
vice to clear the drum of a sugar sifter,
sought to recover $25,000 damages for
infringement of hia patent. Judge Mor
row decided that the evidence proved
that the patent was void on Its face
for .want of patentable novelty. 'BRITT AND NELSON SETTLE DETAILS OF MATCH AND COMMERCE
TRAINING FOR THEIR ENGAGEMENT IN PRIZERING
TRACK AT OAKLAND IS MUDDY
AND LONG SHOTS SHINE
Michaels on Redan Works j
a Wonderful Change in
l he Fast Sprinters Speed
SAMMY GREENFIELD
RIDES TWO WINNERS
• ? \
Del Carina, a Pronounced |
Favorite. Is Extended!
to Defeat Golden Buck
The treacherous going at Oakland
track yesterday proved disastrous for f
io\iT of the public choices. Such things j
are always counted on. though, by the j
regulars -when a muddy track has to I
be taken into consideration, and their j
downfall evoked little criticism. Water- .
epout, Redan and Step Around were |
the longest priced winners. Despite the j
fact that the card was not an enticing !
looking one there was an excellent
ciowd present.
For lack of better material Instru
ment* the mount of Davis, was played
down to win the first event, and, owing
chiefly to his clever handling, won eas
ily. Crigli cut out the early running,
then grew weary and finished second,
beaten four lengths. Glenarvon, cut off
at the start and pounds the best, ran
third. Optimo, at one time a shifty
;>»rformer in the mud, made no show
ing whatever.
Bob Smith's Waterspout took the
t heap-looking six-furlong run, which
followed, after being allowed to drift
back from 4 to S.
MEADA INSTALLED FAVO1UTE.
Meada. the black filly from the Bian
•ehi stable, had the honor of being in
stalled favorite at the short price of 3
to a. "Sharkey" Butler gave her a thor
ough going over. If it had been a trot
ting event she would nave saved en
trance money, for fourth place was her
portion. Waterspout, with Sam Green
field ui>. led from the start, winning
with little to epare from the 15 to 1 out
eider Wistaria. The show went to Hin
doo Princess.
It is now a settled fact that Kunz
canno: ride Redan. That is. and ex
tract any speed from the sprinter's an
atomy. The Her.Fhall jockey had the
leg up on Redan in a five and_a half
furlonp; dash the day before, and at
the ratio of speed exhibited in that race
it would have taken Kunz fourteen
hours, twenty-three minutes and thir
:•■• p Eeconds to cover the distance be
t.voen Emeryville and Oakland Mole,
v.eather. v.ind and tide permitting:. In
the five-furlonp sketch yesterday Har
ry Michaels, who about three years
ajro was considered a promising kid
around New York, supported Redan.
There was some * -about the Strobel
gelding, but the buzzards plucked it
clean until only, 5 and 6 remained. ...\. T ';
P REDAN ISA WINNER.
Redan early snatched the runnine
away from Edinl>orouph and at the
"wire led out ' Little Wally half a leneth.
Helgesen arrived five and a half lengths
lite on the 11 to 10 favorite. Dr. Sher
• man.- It was a reversal of form, but
upsets may be attributed to a heavy
track.,,
Helgesen rode Sugden. favorite for
the mile and hundred yard selling af
fair, ard he certainly did make a fine
bntrhy Job of it. At no. stage of the
game was the h^rse ever in it. finish
ing back lengths behind the leaders.
Frank Sullivan landed the purse with
Step Around, a 10 to 1 shot, after
Blackthorn had taken the lead and
looked a winner turning into the
stretch. Davis was third on Dusty
Miller.
Del Carina, another one from Bob
Smith's stable, was successful in the
six furlong sprint for two-year-olds.
Four to five could be obtained about
the filly, at which price the mare was
heavily supported. Golden Buck put
up such a string argument that
Greenfield rode the first choice almost
from the jump and at the finish earned
the verdict by less than a length. Ara,
the Stevefts entry, secured show hon
ors.
.There was nothing to the last but
. Brennus. He had Helgesen on his back
and. reached home two lengths before
the 6" to 5 favorite Educate, piloted by
Davis. The latter had no excuses, belnsr
"Eimply outrun. Flaneur ran third.
TRACK NOTES.
Sammy Greenfield, who left here last
spring with Bob Smith's stable prac
tically a novice in the saddle, is loom
ing up cs a most promising rider. He
rode two winners yesterday, both from
liis employer's string.
- John Bullman is down to riding
freight, but said he would wait until
next Monday or Tuesday before ac
cepting any mounts. In the interim
he will gallop a few horses every
' -morning.
For the first time in seven days W.
• Davis failed to ride more than one
»» 1 Ii X i C i •
At a meeting of the stewards held
yesterday J. T. Sheehan, who rode An
d*-* w B. Cook when that sprinter made
such a disappointing showing last
Tuesday, was suspended. It was also
decided to ' revoke the license' of Fred
.Hubbard, valet for Sheehan. Dom-
Inick piloted the so-called Hindoo of
the bushes in Thursday's race, in
v.hlch Cook picked up weight and. had
speed enough to burn a wet. dog. The
owners of Cook. Messrs. Stanfield and
EUis. were greatly dissatisfied with I
Sheehan's efforts and several other lit
tle coincidences give the two exhibi
tions of the sprinter a auspicious
flavor.
. Entries will close on the 17th Instant
foi a new stake to be given by the
association across the bay. It is for
two-year-olds at five and a half fur- ,
longs, with $1000 added money. The !
event will be decided on March 25, 1905.
• The handicap at one and a six
teenth miles will bf the feature of the
card this afternoon. Elliott and Ar
cade are among the 6tarters.
TILLAMOOK, Or.. lx»c. 2.— Two bodi«» .tin.
po**d to b^JVcm the ill fated Bchocnw V e £
roct. have been vaxhed ashore above Xeoalem ■
T— ,
SMALL ADS.
7
CUP '
I
Free With Every Small Ad' in I
. Sunday. Call.
See SmailAd Pegc for Further
•SAX FRANCISCO CALL'S KACIJCG FORM CHAR!
OAKLAND — Friday, Dec. 2. Weather cloudy. Track heavy.
73O3. FIRST RACK— Futurity, couren; selling; three-year-olds and up:, value to first,' $325.
lndc *j Hor8c >Dd Owlltr - jWtlSt. K . >$. "%". Str. Fin. | Jockey. O^ cT
-2£t wf T? m v nt fc 3 (Ba!rd & c °->-i io2 i j •.rri7T}rrH^rr"fc\7i>^ : fr7 : r~ 3
-Jn UV S • S (S i lk) A"- 1<H " ••• » 2 1 % - :J * ?i !A.. Smith... '8 8
rxr ( ir;£i. el "£ VOn ' 4 < s «?""e™ Co.>.. 93 11 ... s 2Vi3 1 3 1 3 % |McLaghI!n 3 "fi
-«^>'7? e Korum - * <Mr »- Miller).. 10.!' 3 ... 5^42 44 4ft Hollander . 5 il :I5
iirYT ', TllT1 *" p ' 3 <Gro«jsheim)... 104 4 ... 6 1 « J l 5 1*4 W. Knupp. 1»> 10
-Vii K?£ C»nd»d. 3 <Appleby Co.).| 04 1(» ... 11 5 81 6^0^ F. : Sullivan 8?,-15
-A» jUm °. <R- -W. Price) 1104 5 ...JO 2 JO 2 0 2 7 2'/j J. T. Shehn 7-2-10
«4B jKlrr.U-rly. ti (E. A. Chappell). iUH] 7 ... 7 K 0 2 8 1 8C iJine ..... ' 3D " 15
-tS !y au^ han - 3 <»'«• Hertiell).. 1071 « ... t> '^11 « 10 2 9 !, HclBesen ..3 6
-i« l^f 1 ¥£Si',' 3 <R - wul9 >" «> « •- 2 a 7.1 11 2 10 6 McBrlde ... 30 15
.451 Kins IVIlis, a <s. P. Tate). . 104 12 ... 4 1 6«Mll T Clark 20 60
i477 jGo I^ucky. 3 (J. O. Ordway).| m\ i) ... 12 12 12 12 |Loa«ue .!:. 30 - 80
Time— :25>^_ :52. 1:14. At post % minute. Oft at 2:11>$. Inatniment." place, 6-5: ehow.
7- 10. Crleli. place. 4: show, 2. Glcnarvon, show, 7-S. Winner, b. g. by Gotham-Mol-
Ile Mo. Trained by W. M. Baird. Start :ood. Won easily. Next two driving. It
begin* to look as If Davis could play Yankee Doodle backward on any kind of an old
horn. If McLaucclin had not tried a flylnc wedee at the start, getting cut off, Glen
arven would have won easily. Too far for Crigli. The Forum ran a good race under In
experienced handling. Tibbie Candid away roorly, may win soon. Onrimo ran a poor
race, bo did Vaughan.
7504. SECOND RACE— Six furiongg; gelling: all ages: value to nrst.»$325. /
Index Horse and Owner. Wt St. 14 . Vi. %. Str. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.'
ZfSt atere Po««. 3 (R. A. Smith). ~05 1 ... 1 2 1 \ 1 1 1 VlGreenfieuFT 4 9
-;Ar jy utarla . 5-tStockton Stable). 105 2 ... 2n 2 1 2 1^2*4 iLoague .... 12' 15
VEK Hindoo Princess, a (S. Polk). 104 3 •.;.• 4 n 4 4 4 8 3 2 IA. Smith;. 5 14-5
-t»T ™ eada i 2 'Bia^chi & Co.).... 85 4 S 1«^3 V, 3 1^4 12 |R: Butler.. 3-5 7-10
J**} Fl«a, 3 (V. Gilbert). 5 .. . ' « 12 « 20 fl 20 B «i Q. Bullman. 20 ,. 60
'£& jTarcooia Belle. 2 (Miller & Co) S5j 6 ... 5 5 5 tt R2 6 15 Eamshaw. 20, 60
>•&! |J. Anderson; 4 Oi. FIUniore)..!l091 7 ... T 7 7 7 Bell ....... .80. ;80
Time Tr= 25 %' -31- 1:18*4- .At post. 1,4 minute. Off at 2:39^. Waterspout, place,- 2; show
.-la Wistaria, place. 4: show. 11-10. Princess, show, 1-3. Winner, br. g. by-Water
cress-Helen Scratch. Trained by R. A. Smith. Scratched— The Gadfly. • Start good.
>von airdrlving. There- was no leak In Waterspout to-day among this collection ; of
reptiles. Hindoo Princess should b« banished. Butler on Mfada took th* scenic route.
J^ hn Anderson did not pick up his hand quick enough, and got no sight at th« pot.. : y:
7505. THIRD RACK— Fire furlongs; .selling; three- year-olds and up: value to first. $325^
Index Horse and Owner. . ' {WtjSt. <4. %. %. Etr. Fin. I Jockey. Op. Cl.
7199 Redan 5 <O. Strobel). ...... .1109! 4 ... 2 2%1 n 1 V, X \t, |H Michaels 4 6
-j»n k 1 " 1^ Uall y- 3 <Brlnkworth). 102 6 ... 33 3 5 31^2 5 W\ Davis .. 8 .13
ao.i ,Dr. Sherman, 6 (S. Hoppas).. 10» 5 ... 4 2 4 4 4 3 3 ns (Helgesen ... 3-2 11.10
Edinborough, a (H. Stover). . 112 2 ... Ih 2 2 2n 4 1« W. Knapp.. 6 I
MTO Mocorito, a (J. Ryan) Ill 3 ... 5 3 67 68 68 Holbrook ... 3 7
«19a Cinnabar, 3 (E. A. Chanpe!l).!lO4J 7-.'.. 6 6 68 64 64 Lana .:.... 60 GO
- - • • IToupee. i _<g_gl_9? a / k) .-j^: I _??Li : • .777 7 Greenfield .. 4 10
Time. :24Vi. :5<>, 1:03. At poet V, minute. Off at 3:05. • Redan, place. 2; show. 1. Wally,
Place, a; show. 3-_. Sherman, fhow, out. Winner, b. g. by Artillery-Princess Norette.
Trained by G. Strobel. Scratched— Bell Reed, Sol Uchtensteln. Start good. Won all
nut H&lance driving. Redan .moved from a two-bit seat In the gallery to an orchestra
chair, over night/ -Edinbormigh tried to savage Little Wally as latter passed him
nt-ar the paddock. It did not help Wally's chanops. Franz Ebert could push an auto
mobile up Mount Tamalpais as fast as Helirteen rode Dr. Sherman. Holbrook on Moc
orito — dreaming. Toupee needs combing out a little and may figure in a hard finish
soon. . v --,-"■> >V '»V' '■■,■■.'}■:•
75<Kt. FOURTH RACK— One, mile and 100 yards; selling; 3-year.oIds & up; value first, f 325
Indfxj Horgo and Owner. WtjSt. %! \. Str. Fin. I Jockey. J Op, a.
1^ if,\' P . Around - * < Mr *- Boyle).. 1011 4 4 >J 5 2 44 23 12 IF. Sulliva^.l 6 10
TW .Blackthorn. 5 (C. P. Fink).. 112 .1 li 1 n 1 11,1 n 2 5 IJ.T.Sheehn r 3 10-5
T4« jDuj-ty Miller. 3 (Sheridan).... ICO 2 2 (i 3 h 3 % 3 3 3 1 IW. Davis .. 6 12
-.^ iw Ul^ aIn - 2 (I * H " Eiell).... 112 .". 7 1 6 B 6 10 4 n 4 6 Anderson .. : 25 . 16
«4M |Mosketo. 6 (Q. Strobel) 109 5 3 % 2 »4 2 n 5 4 5 3 IKunz . * 10 15
llnl i'°»- B a»»ntvn*. « <Ronaldson) 107 7 5 4 4 2U5 2%|Greenfleld •. 8 12
-Is- lp"f u- a , <J i, i ii Ur>reO i ) -A--" 109 6 «H7%72.83-7,IH Helgesen ... 2 11.5
iloi S tro . H^; * , (£ l plkna P * Co.).. 109 8 9 9 9 9- 8 2 W. Knapp . 10 10
-iV, |S°. nstal U e ' 5 'Stockton Stable) 100 9 85 86 8572 9 Uoague ... . 6 10
.43J IPrlnce Blaies. a fBalrd & Co.)jllO!10 Pulled up. - . • Sher.wood.... 20 40
Time. :25ii. :T,n^, .1:174. 1:46. 1:52^. At post H minute. Off at 3:29»4. Step, place,
3. rhow. S-j. Blackthorn, place. 13.10; show, 7-10. Milter, show. 2. ' Winner, ch, m. by
Bt. Oeorge-Gadabout. Trained by F. Devln. Scratched— Gaucho. Start good: Won
cleverly. Balance driving. Step Around outPtaycd Blackthorn. Dusty Miller wa> well
brushed \ ulcain couldn't make it. Mosketo had early speed. Helgesen on Sugdcu
scrambled the eggs hadly. Prince Blazes belongs in the Inflrmarj-.
7!W>T * IFTH RACE— Fix furlongs; sMIIng; two-year-olds: value to first, |325.
Indtxl Horse and Owner. I WtlSt. Vj . K~. %~Strr~Fln'.~ Jockey. T~oin CK
< Hnt l . ) 'J,"'L Car!n " '"• A - Smith).... 100 2 ... 3 I»i3 2 2n 1 % Greenfleld"" 3-5 3-5
(.491). Golden Buck (Mrs. Schorr). .. 105 1 ... 12 1 1*41 1U2 4 Kunz 3 13-"
<74S1) Ara (Stevens. & Son) 1C5 5 ... 4.1 4 64 8' 3 3 W. Davia.. 3 7-2
'"J ,G«'«snt Ca«sle (Mrs. Miller)... I03| 4 ... 22 2 1^3 4 4 5 W.. .Knapp 15 30
MJ>1 tdna tulllvan {.P. Sullivan). . KJO 3... ,%3 5* 58 58 J. ;T<elly. .. 12 13
' < fl X-tMacen» <L. H. Ezell) «8 6 . . . _6__ 6 6 6 Barrett. . . 60 100
Time— :2S. :50. 1:16. At post m minutes. Off at 3:5f>i4. Carina, place. 1-4; out show.
-Buck, place. 3-2; show. 1-3. Ara. show. 1^4. -Winner, ch. f. by Del Paso-Carina.
Trained by R. A. Smith: Scratched— Boee El-y/ Bob Ragon, Mogregor. Start poor. Won
In a drive nf three. Winner under a drive from the start. SN» is a very game filly.
Golden Buck demonstrated that he can step gome when the occasion requires. Ara out
font«-d. Castle quit. Edna Sullivan outclassed.
75OS. SIXTH RACE— Futurity course; selling; three-ygar-oldg and up; value to first, $325.
Index! Horse and Owner. IWtjSt.~M^ %. Str. Fin. | Jockey. T~Op. CK
74S7 lErennus, 4 (Judge & Co) IJ0»| 4 ... 3 2 1 1 1U1 2 iHelgesen - 5^ Tuk
74V9 Educate. 6 (S. A. Hoppas) . . . . 1C9 2 ... 1 % 2 % 2 n 2 n W. Davis.. t£ «!»
74S5 .Flaneur. 6 (Bianohi & McG) l^i 3 ... 2h 31 5 5 3 1ijlF Sullivan 5-2 23-5
74C1 iHnrka. 3 (J. Ryan) 90 5 ... 5 3 5 4 3 2 4 3 iTaylor 15 50
74.VJ iMlsa M. Bowdish. 3 (Blsgm) 93 1 ... 4 1V.J 5 5 Crosswaite ' 12 "5
7492 1 Scherzo. 3 (Pueblo Stable).. 97 7... 7 7 fi364 R. Butler. 10 "0
7477 I Walnut Hill. 3 (Stevens A S) 97 « ... 6 n 6 H 7 7 Bentley ..'. 30 100
Time— :25H, -.51. 1:14. At post >; minute. Off at 4:25^- Brennus. place 7-10; show T^T
Educate, place, 2-5; out show. Flaneur, show. 1-2. Winner, b. g. by Bassetlaw-Perll'
Trained by S. Judge. Scratched— Pure Dale. Headwater. Revolt. Al Waddle. Start good"
Won easily. Next two driving. Brennuft under restraint most of the way. Educate did
her best. Flaneur should have been second. Harka ran a fair race.
_• : 1
BOOKIES ARE HARD HIT
Four Favorites Catch the Eyes of the
Judges in Ascot Park Races.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 2.— The success
of four favorites at Ascot to-day dealt
a serious blow to the books. One horse
especially was heavily played, Ignacio
taking the last race at, a mile and sev
enty yards, after having been backed
from 3 to 1 to 8 to 5. The other win
ning favorites were: Harbor, Judge
Denton and Doctor C. Sportsman and
Ericula, winners of the first and second
races, respectively, were heavily played
second choices. On the whole the day
was a disastrous one for the books and
a correspondinglv happy one for the
public players. A light rain fell after
the second race, but served only to
make the track a little heavier than it
was left by the dampness of the early
morning. Kent rode two winners, Hil
debrand two, Walsh and Booker one
each. Summary:
First race, five and a half furlongs — Sports
men. 104 (Kent), 4 to 1, won; Mary's Gallant.
107 (Lynch), even, second; Forerunner, 110
(Lawrence), 10 to 1, third. Time, l:O9?4.
Bennings Racing Results. j
BENNINGS^D. C, Dec. 2^-Results of to
dty's racem:
First race, six and a half furlongs — Preen
won. D. Markle tecond. Diamond Flush third.
Time, 1:2L
S«-con<J race, five furlongs — Bluecoat won.
Amber Jack second, Yeoman third.. Time,
102.
Third race, five furlongs — Bohemia won,
Carcpo second. Queen Rose third. Time,
1:02 1-5.
Fourth race, one, mile — Rockland won. Bobby
Kean second. Sllverfoot third. Time. 1:43 1-5.
■ Fifth race, one mile and forty yards— Payne
won Buttons second. Brooklynlte third. Time,'
1:45 1-5. 3WgSHa*tfiUiUHI«* W*t
Sixth race, one and an eighth miles — James
F won. Marjoram second. Ostrich third. Time,
Fudgc Ilimcs a Winner.
NEW ORLEANS. Dec. 2.— Results of the
races :
Fir*t race, six furlongs— Dueky won, Jocette
second.* Vienna third. Time, 1:19.
Second race, jstven furlons*— Jerry Hunt
won Merry Acrobat second, Ogonetz third.
Tims, ■• 1:85 4-5. „■
Third race, on* mile and seventy yards—
<;us>Heldorn won. .Lampoon second. Hostile
third- Time, 1 :M>. .,'J',. , ., '
Fourth race, one mile, handicap— Judfre
Hirr.es won. Falernlan second. Luralighter
third." Time. 1:47 1-5. .
Fifth race, one mile — Fair . Reveller won.
IJIy Brook second, Jake Sanders third. Time,
Sixth race one mile — Dan McKenna won.
Ethics second. Floral Wreath third. Time,
l:4S3-5. -_■__.
AOAINHT ANNEXATION.— Alnmeda. Dec.
2. Hon. E. K. Taylor. Major C. L. Tilden
ami Geirge Rcnner have l>een ; named by. the
"Wi.-st l*n<l Improvement Association as a'com-j
niiiip" to obzervc all- Ifsl»lotion that may be j
;ntroduc»<3 at tlie m-xt s-rsi-.loii of the State L?«j
iilature with I he- purpose -cf. annexing this city
to Oakland. : The associalim has also put ItsHf
..ti rc-corda* being opi>o*e<1 to <ho erection by
th« rity of.' Oakland, of a- pcirthouw-on j.the
Mirth l*a-k of th« tidal canal'ln : the- Frultvale;
.' i - > : ; r \ .' JBBH * : • .„- . ■■' "'• i
THE SAN FRANCISCO f.CALt- -SATURDAY,. DECEMBER-S.'-'lOOJ
Hachmeister. Brookdale, C. P. Waterhouse
Ralph Reese, Fer tie Lance and Brigetta also
ran.
Second race. Slauson course, selling — Ericula
??. < K *" nt >. * t° 1. «on; Mammon, 104 (E.
v alsh). 3 to I, eecond; Potrero v Grande 102
(McDanlel), 6 to 1. third. Time. 1:11% Win
ifreda. Susie Christian, Tendercrest and Patsy
Brawn also ran. *
Third race, one mile, selling— Harbor. 105
(HiMebrand). 8 tb 5. won; Clncinnatus 104
fMcriarlty), 5 to 2, second; Namtor, 109 '(Ful
ler). 4 to 1. third. Time, 1:42^. Blissful and
Tryon also ran.
inf°y l £ th -iv Sl i C 'i;* "f fur ' on »f s — JudRre Demon,
}^,y^ 8^). * to 5, won; Fustian. 109
(Fuller), 3 to 1, second; Tim Payne, 104 (Hllde
brand). 7 to 2, third. Time, 1:14U. Tom
Hawk and Funnyside also ran.
Fifth race^ Hve and a half furlongs, selling—
lX»ctor C, 108 mildebrand). 8 to 6. won; R U
Johnston,- 10!> (Lawrence), 9 to 5,, seco'nd-
West Brookfleld, 103 (Lynch). 10 to 1. third
Tim£l:08 ,Lula Lone. Lady Nlnora. Light
?r,i y> , K nB s Promla e. Mart Gentry and
Ililona also ran. ;
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards
four-ypar-olds and upward, selling— Ignacio!
US (Booker). 8 to 5, won; Needful. 07 (Kent)
U i( l \*^Z?^' H S. ndle >- Cro8S - 107 (McComas)
12 to 1. third. Time,- 1:47%.' Oanejo Phvz
Dusky Secret, El>Oriente and MiracI* 'li also
ran.
!>empervirens Club 3leets. ,
SAN JOSE. Dec. 2.— The Santa Clara
bounty. Serapervirens Club met this
jvening and organized to carry on an
jffective campaign to secure a State
oad leading into the Big Basin. Presi
lent J. H. Campbell presided. A. P.
Kill was elected secretary and Mrs!
W. C. Kennedy corresponding^ sect
ary. The statement was made at the
neeting that the Interurban electric
ailway would build a line into th* |
iprott. to. Captain the Cardinal.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY,- Dec.' 2.4
W.-K. Sprott of Portervllle has been
elected captain of the Stanford team
for the season of 1905/ The choice
was unanimous. For. the last three
years Sprott^ has played \ \kti tackle on
the Stanford varsity team. Sprott is
a junior in the department of mechan
ical engineering. ■ l0 mec han-
loffjrln Yearllnos' Sold.
LEXINGTON. Ky., Dec. 2.— J. B
Jaggin's yearlings were" the' feature" of
he offering in to-day's Fasig-Tiptoh
icrse sales. The best' sales were
*!ack colt, by Imp. Arkle-Imp. vRed
>pinnerr Thomas Kiley, 51000; chest
lut;colt,,by Imp. Bassetlaw-Iscare J ' I
>kene,. 52000. , ' i\
Harry Vorhcs Fights a . Draw. . j
KALAMAZOO, ■ Mich., Dec.;
Harry Forbes .of Chicago fought , a
teV.-rourid. draw to-night with -Paddy
O'Neil-of Plttsburg. ;;*;;;■
PERFORMERS IN MUD
SELECTED ON FORM
BY FRED E. MULHOLLAXD
First race— Pickaway, istil
icho, The Lieutenant.
Second . race — Alice Carey
Mimo, Foxy Grandpa. C
- Third * race-— Platt, . Jerusha
Miznnh. - ; - . .-!
Fourth race;— Elliott, Gate
May, Arcade. % •• v".'5£
Fiftli l-acer-rRippery Bronzi
- Wing, llippoii.ax.
Sixth -> race— Bab, Isabcllita
Dunjjannon. ;'. t _
ARCADE TO MEET
A SHIFTY FIELD
IN THE HANDICAP
Wal>er Jennings'; shifty mud horse,
Arcade, will again lock horns with
Gateway in the • handicap to-day. El
liott," Bombardier ancT Veterano,, all
noted " performers in -' heavy going, are
the other starters.", The day's entries:
First race. Futurity, course, three-year-olds
and up, selling: > :
7451 The Lieutenant.-. {Stover).*;. 1 ;/. 89
; 7477 < •Komc'mbo -(Parker & Twaltes) .■;;".... ltts
(75O.J)Instrument (Baird) .......:.. .7. . .r. .". . 09
.7490 •Pickaway (Jackson).'. 99
7478 Stillcho (Ferguson) no
7r.KJ «Monla (Eitoll)". ........ .i:....... 39
74S4 Coroner Kelly (Murray).; 102
Second-. race., six and. a -half, furlpngs, three
"year-olds and up. ■ selling: > . . ■
7^92 »Foxy Grandpa (Coffey). '..'..'....; .....103
- 7497 'Ilatidor (Fine) ...... ... ;. . ; . .-.-. . ; . . . .104
-7493 »Tannhaus<?r (HayDB);. .::.-..;.;..... .100
1 7493 'Pencil Me . (Grossheim) .*.-; .'. . . . . . . ; .-.-. 101
750."} 'Glenarvon .(Summers). ................. 101
7504 Hindoo Princess (Polk)....'.-;.... .....109
-7492 *Inspector Munro (Fox). ".".".. :;....;.... 103
; 7497 Langford James (Cotton). ....':..•..... .102
7459 Alice Carey (Fleur de L,ia Stable) .... 106
749U Mimo (Sheridan) ....«100
7485 Sterling Towers (Stockton Stable). ... .100
7508 *Scherzo (Pueblo Stable) .M03
Third race. Futurity course, two-year-olds
selling: ••
7486 *Platt (Stevens) .102
7475 Mogregor (Blanch! & Co.) .107
7475 *L*dy Fashion (Mrs. Miller) :.... 9!)
'C62S 'Dlxflle (Wilson) 102
74J-6 Bose Eley (Blartngaihe).. 104
74PS Bearskin (McAlester). . , ....10T>
749H JeruFha (Engstrom). ...■..' V...102
74SI Edrodun (L«gorie & Forbes).... 107
7491 *Mlzpah (Summers) 107
Fourth race, one and "a . sixteenth, miles,
three-year-olds and up, handicap.
(74!>t)Areade (Jennings) .Y/.108
74t>4 Bombardier '(McAIcster) .104
74f>4 Gateway (Burnett) .98
7494 ElllQtt (Daly) r (. 114
6744 ' V'Pterano ( VI vp'.l) , J04
Fifth race, seven furlongs, four-year-bld»
and -up. selling.. .;■- . : ,
7437 . »Dr. Long iTanner) ,. : 100
7503 Optimo (Price) :..:' ./..102
(74."2)*Ripper (Milton) • 107
7405 'Bronze Wing (Fountain) ....'.. .97
73S5 Theodora L (Smith) ,...;.... '. ; p .r. ..'. 102
7492 Vigorcso (Appl^by).. . . . .V 102
74!>7 •Hnir.aa;!-' (Stpphfjison) ...'."..■... 101
• 74M7 •Karabel '(Bottstr) ..... ..;,.-. ; 107
75<JS 'Flaneur (Blanchi &.Co.) 107
741)5 San Lutlon (Walworth) loa
7401 Lady Kent (Wellman) 106
WUCOTHipponcu: ( r>(>An) ■ \ , J:: 107
Sixth race, mile and, i66*Iyards. three-year
olds and up, pelllng.* * »£• -
74'.»(> Ipabellita (Mc.VamWra) 107
7.V)1 •Northwest (CliltorU) f>8
7-^'»; Prince Blazes (Balrd) 107
.(7402)»Bab (Cahlll) ]fi2
75-Xi "Colonel Van (Fountain) ...-.'...".... .102
(740«)Dunganron (Knebelkamp) 1)8
7M»1 Chickad *3 (Raf our) 107
TIGERS BURIED
BY THE ANGELS
Southern Stars Pile Buns
Up When the Champions
Are Making- the Errors
The errors and the strikeouts and the
runs and the hits and other things
came so thick and fast yesterday at
Recreation Park that even Mike Fisher
threw up his. mitts, when he tried to
keep, tab on all that was coming off.
The Angels, did more bunching of runs
and hits and less of errors than the
Tigers, and victory was theirs beyond a
doubt after the ninth inning was over.
Score— Los Angeles 10, Tacoma 6.
It was a bad 'game of ball in every
respect. Few of the runs were earned.
Both pitchers were wild, Fitzgerald in
particular, for ■ he gave eight bases on
balls. . The fielders were all erratic. Joe
Corbett managed to boot three around
the second bag. and they all counted in
the run-getting..
The Tigers took a lead of four in the
first three innings, and it looked easy
for them till the Angels got the bases
full in the fourth. They made runs sys
tematically, one, at a time. In all live
were shoved over before Dolly. Gray
found where he was at once again
This took a lot of fight out • of the
Tigers and .made , the Angels feel like ;
big leaguers.
The Angels put the finishing touches
on their day's work in the ninth spasm
by hammering three through. The Ti
gers began to do a little sticking at the
last' moment, but failed to come
through and let two men die on the
sacks. The score:
Tacoma- J Lo 8 Angeles^ '
A13.Il. H. x". A. ■ j. 'Aim 'WP i '
Doyle, cf 5 O ■■»• 1 -0 Hlldbd. If 4 i 1 1 o
Shay. «.. 3 1 0 16 Flood 'Jb R 3 } 04
Bhehn, 3bS - 1' 2. 1 1 Cravth rt 5 n •* 1 11
Xrtyk.lb-4. 1 -0 10 cJ Smith? 5b 4 0^31
M-Lgn, 114 2 3: 2-Olchase. cf 3 1 0 2 0
Corbtt.^b 4. 1 3 1 SjBrshr.Vlb 4 ' 1 1 7 1
Graham.c 5 0 0 10 l|Tcman ' s .1 2 0 •> 1
Hogan. rf 4 0 1 c. 4 T 1: 8 1'
Ftzgrld.p 4 0 0 O o Gray. p.V5'l 0 o'l
Totala.ii 1 T2T7T3 B^d. cro >;jgl _o j.
.-. Totals. 37. 10 10 27 9 >
RUNS AXD HITS BY I.VXIXGS. i
Los Angeles..... 0"*>*O 5 0. 1 0 1 .•?_ 10 I
Base hits...:.. 0 0 13 0 3 0 1 2—10
Tacoma ......... 2 0 2 0 0,0 0 2 0-* 6
Base hits...... 1 1211 00-4 2—12
SUMMARY. . . I
Stolen bases — Corbett 3. . Doyle 3, Cravath ■ 1
Gray. Shay. Errors — Shay, Corbett 3. Brash- I
ear. Gray. Two-base hits — Brashear, .Dovie,
Corbett. Three-base hit— Cravath. Sacrifice
hits— Flood. .Corbett,.^.Toman. Eagar. -First
ba»e on;.errors^-Tacoma, 1, Los Angeles 4.'
First base en called balls— Off Fitzgerald 8. oft
Gray 3. Left on "bases — Tacoma 10, Los An
ifelea'ilO. Struck out— By .. Fltrjrerald 9. by
Gray 8. : Hit bypitcher— Shay. Double play—
Smith (unassisted). Wild pitch— Gray. -Time
of game— Two hours and ten minutes. Umpire
— McDonald.. '\^ . t '
Strikes , Disturb Buenos Aj res. ..
'BUENOS Dec."\ 2.— Al- |
thought the general strike which was j
['ordered^ for .itwo "days ago has ended,
I commercial movements have: been 'par-'
alyzedV:by a'- succession 5 ' of "strikes' In
leading : .branchesiof -industry. ''To-day
men ion refrisemtinsr rboata went ;*on
strike. "This^stiikp' threatens; to" 1 stop
the, loading of ships with theV.com-'
panic'S 1 ; meat until the demands of^the
• 'men'jiirf! sranted/ r
CLUB WILL NAME ROCHE
IF MEN DISAGREE.
WETTING DISCUSSED
Bxitt Practically Decides to Train
11111 at the Ocean Beach.
•..• There" were : disquieting rumors yes
terday J that' Jimmy Britt. had decided
not to -abide \by his agreement of the
previous day to accept Billy Roche as
a referee for, his nght ; "\vith Nelson',
but that he wanted the .club to name
the man who would referee. Manager
| Coffroth this rumor indirectly
and at once said that in be # half of :the
Yosemite Club if it was left to" that or
ganization that he. would. name Roc^e.
j By having the club name \ the referee
i Britt would place it in the' position of
guaranteeing him fair treatment in the
ring. ' ■;:•'".--♦•.--.-.
Eddie Graney said yesterday that he
would not accept the position • of • ref
eree nor would he- act* in any other pro
fessional contest. -If his health will
permit he will serve the Olympic Club
whenever the officials of that organiza
tion desire his ; services.
Britt and Charley Krellng. who will
assist him in his -training operations,
visited- the Seal Rock House at the
1 ocean beach yesterday, and practically
decided upon doing his training there.
It is considered a good advertisement
for the fight to have him in suoh a
readily accessible place for visitors.
The only question is' whether; he can
'secure the privacy there he desires. He
will determine to-day, on this score and
will commence his training. this after
noon. The measurements of the men
taken before their recent fights -will
prove of interest to the followers of
the ring. They; are as follows:
Britt V Nelson
5 feet 6 inches.". Height 5 feet "U • Inches
132 pound* -."Weight 132 pounds
65*-i Inches. ...... Reach 67^ Inches
35V6 inches... ....Chest (expanded). 38»4 inches
28 lnchrs. •„...*.. Waist 26% Inches
15 Inches Neck ■. 15 Inches
10H inches.... ... Forearm WVt Inches
12 inches i....... Biceps 12 inches
7 inches. Wrist 7 Inches
19>4 inches. Thigh ....:.21 inches
13 inches Calf : ........; 14 inches
, 7- Inches.;....... Ankle 7 inched
■ The Interesting question as to what
the odds wlllbe when Britt and Nel
son, meet Js being discussed wherever
sporting men congregate. It is ex
pected Britt will open an 8 to 10 choice
and "there are some persons who are
alreadv' .willing to bet 7 to 10 that he
will be, returned the winner. Nelson
undoubtedly will have- a large follow
ing/as he has won all his fights on the
short end. : Opinions differ as to
whether Britt can stop the wonderful
Dane. The friends of the latter claim
he cannot be knocked out, while the
admirers of the hard-hittine- Califor
nian are sure he can turn the trick.
Nelson was present at the flKhts in
Woodward Pavilion last night and was
warmly greeted by the spectators.
CORBETT SEEKS A MATCH
Will Train ' Earnestly, to Show His
Good Intentions.
Young Corbett has awakened to a
realization of the mistakes he has made
recently and is now trying all in his
power to undo the damage to his repu
tation as a fighter. He is anxious to
post a. forfeit of $1000 to bind a match
with ' the winner of the Britt-isrelsnn
STORM SWEEPS
OVER CHICAGO
Winter Reaches the Middle
West, Bringing With It
a: General Fall of Snow
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2.— Genuine winter,
with the first real snowstorm of the
season, swept over Chicago to-day.
Traction lines throughout the city were
badly handicapped. Patrons ofthe sub
urban trains were late in reaching the
city. Cold weather and snow delayed
all the mail trains from thirty minutes
to an hour. Snow did not fall insuf
ficient quantity in this section of ■ the
country* to seriously impede • railroad
traffic, however. . .
A minimum temperature of 10 degrees
above zero, with several inches of
snow, is the prediction of the local
Weather Bureau for to-morrow. The
chilly blast is expected to last over
Sunday, and perhaps longer.
To-day's snowstorm prevailed as far
north as Milwaukee, where three inches
■were registered; Snow also fell- in- Ne- I
braska. North and South Dakota, Min- J
nesota and Iowa, and was accompanied
by falling temperatures. •.
WILL NOT SIGN TREATY sSpM
f BEFORE CONGRESS MEETS
3hl : Agreement Between This Country
nnd China to Be /Abrogated '.in
Few Days.
.WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— Secretary
iay and Sir Cheentung LiangiCheng,
he Chinese Minister, probably will
lot sign the new immigration, treaty
)ef ore Congress meets. The existing
reaty will be abrogated on Decem- 1
>er S, three days after Congress meets. |
China seeks a new treaty which,
vhile respecting the exclusion of
;oolie labor from the United States,
vill be more favorable to the admis
sion of students, officials and mer- j
•hants now eligible. President Roose- •
,elt arid Hay ; are favorable to a more \
iberal treaty and the terms of one j
ire now under consideration.. 1
'RESIDKXT I CELEBRATES \
' : V WEDDING ANNIVERSARY
:iiicf Executive Has Been -. 3Inrricd to i
•3Irs. ■Roosevelt Eighteen j
" Years. ■,
.WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.— To-day j
\ was the eighteenth' wedding anniver
sary of ' President and • Mrs. Roosevelt. |
They were the recipients of congrat- !
ulatory messages'tind. letters from' all I
parts of- the" country. The anniver-'l
1 sary was quietly, celebrated to-night [
by? a> family .dinner,; party.:' ■
1>ISTRIBUTKS ESTATE.— Oakland. Dec. 2.
A ' final . decreo 1 -- of distribution ; was , made to^
tlay';in-i the=. estate- of the late J»m« Kdirar.
The property is .valued at .?20.0iiO ,^nd -half
got*; >to, the -widow'' and the. ' othtr ■ halt is
Ui'vidcd * amons the brotV^rs, slaters, nephews"
fight. To". show his earnestness in th(
matter, he has decided to settle, dowr
at some quiet resort and will g<
througrh a thorough course of training
under the direction of Frank McDon
ald, the. most competent young trainei
on the rnaat • *
Corbett will decide to-night as to
quarters. He. rather favors Los An
geles, but his best friends, who have
an unselfish interest in his future, want
him to select a quiet place like Billy
Shannon's, near San Rafael. Here his
work would be a pleasure to him and
he. would regain the athletic form he
has, frittered away during- the past
eight months in a butterfly existence.
- He has abandoned one foolish affec
tation. He made it a point to allow no
one to know his weight except Trainer
T.uthill. . They looked upon this as a
huge joke. As this was a sure indica
tion of his condition he would have
been much better off had he let his
friends" into the secret as they would
have -known there was something
wrong with" his training methods if he
was- a wav»; above weieht and would
have urged a change in his work.
: Corbett" has been assured of a match
with, some one early in the year and
the next time he starts he will be in
his old time form.
' . . . e
POWELI/S WALLOPS NEARLY
PUT TOM SULLIVAN' AWAY
Tenny Knocks Cari-oll Out In Font
Rounds and "May field and Kiley
Fieht a Great Battle.
A bang, a biff of the glove against
some one's jaw or body was heard for
two hourg at Woodward's Pavilion last
night when [ one of the best boxing
shows of the time was promoted by
the San Francisco Athletic Club. The
main event was a fitting windup to
the evening's sport. Lew Powell, the
champion lightweight, all but stowed
Tom Sullivan away, though he was
given a good time before the four
rounds were reeled off.
Sullivan used a straight left to the
jaw and would have brought home
the money had not Powell waded in
occasionally with well placed rights
and lefts to the body and jaw. Powell
won the fight in the last two^sounds
when he got to Sullivan's Jaw several
times with hard iolts. *£ullivan was
all but gone, but proved game. .
Harry Tenny copped young Jimmy
Carroll with a right to the jaw in the
fourth round, just before the bell
sounded. Up to that time the mill
was full of sensations and both men
exchanged several wallops that looked
like the ones which produce sleep.
Frank Mayfleld was awarded a deci
sion over Harry Riley that was not
earned. Both men stood up and
slugged till they were all In. but Ri
l*>v landed more nftpn ami V»a^ a
shade thn hettpr of ft
Young Choynski was too many for
George Ellis and the latter was ready
to say good-night when the bell rang.
Charley Dunn led all the way in his
mixup with Young MeClure. Denny
O'Connell outpointed Billy Duffy, and
Charley Webber beat Manuel Torres
tn j» ■ standstill. • -. ■
IKE STILL LOOKING
FOR Missrvr: ru-»T.r»
Express Company Officials Hopeful of
Finding Coin in a For
- wardlnor Rot
The officials of W:lls-Fargro Express
Company are still in a quandary as to
what has become of the bagr contain
ing $15,000 in gold, which mysterious
ly disappeared from the forwarding
department of the corporation several
days ago. Although the representa
tives of the company publicly state
that they have not directed suspicion
against any employe and are hopeful
of discovering the missing coin in
some forwarding money box, they are
neverthelss taking various precautions
toward apprehending the thief in the
event 'of circumstances finally satisfy
ing them that the money was stolen.
Among a number of the employes of
the company the supicion exists that
the money was stolen, but those who
entertain this belief are not ooenlv ».
pressing it.
At the office yesterday it was stated
that the company, acting under an
original theory that possibly the
money had been misplaced in a coin
box destined for some distant point, Is
having these boxes carefully checked,
as fast a s they arrive at their destina
tion. By Monday the boxes shipped j
to the more distant points, such as!
N'ew York, dn the day the coin was.
missed, will all have reached their 1
destinations and then the company !
will definitely know whether ar not !
it has been. robbed. Until then, the i
officials of the company say, they will I
not be prepared to say just how the !
money diEanneared.
FIRE COMMISSIONERS
WILL. PRESENT upnuc
Rewards for Bravery to Be Delivered j
to Winners — Tom Parker's Foes i
Are Transferred.
The Board of Fire Commissioners
yesterday decided that the Scarfnell
medals for bravery in the department
will be presented to the fortunate fire
men, August Engelke and Claude
Brownell. in the rotunda of the City
Hall on the afternoon of December 21
Miss Nichols, secretary of the Pen
sion Board, reported that the board
asked the Supervisors for $30,000 The
amount received was $20,000. The re
port says that if no pensions are grant
ed or no deaths occur till June 30 the
end of the fiscal year, there will still
remain a deceit of $5000 in the fund
As the result of their efforts to drive
Hoseman Tom Parker out ,of engine
37. Acting . Lieutenant John Devine
Driver Maurice^ Barrett and HoSeman
George Lahusen were transferred to
truck 5, chemical engine 1 and engine 1
12. respectively. ;
Upon the recommendation of Chief 1
Sullivan the following firemen wer* i.
transferred, or assigned: J. J. Loftus!
to engine 9. George Henning'to truck!
10. James S. Skinner to engine 35 Ed- !
ward McGrory to engine 6. C." E. Wie- .
Ian to engine 29, George Giblin to en
gine '37, George. Trlvett to engine', 37, {
Joseph Meader to engine 17 and Tim
othy ColMns to "engine 10. The Chief [
also recommended that old department!
horses be replaced . and that bids for
now niu><< h«>-a<ivprtis«»d for . 1
NEWPORT. Or.. Dec. .- 2.*-rTh« * barfeentine t
Quickstep, which went . ashore yesterday, is ;
breaking up very rapidly. Lumber, which con
stituted h*r cargo, is »trewn along the beach
for a ZTCAt distrrce. ■-•^rTtlTWWlWifllfflBMfrM'iiTrir'i
PROFESSIONAL CLOGKER
224 Parrott B'ldg (Fifth Floor)
855 Market St. • - San Francisco
my onFbest-bet
won again!
Again my ON'E-BEST-BET landed! Again
I scored a bullseye yesterday. Not much
price ayainst her. but they scratched one of
trie contenders, and that was responsible for
tn<? short odds. tUnee the beginning of the
Oakland meeting I havg given only two wln-
• ning horses as my dal^r ONE-BEST-BET at
less odds than even money, and my clients
. easily understand that odds-on favorites are
j the exception and not the rule with me. It
was Just a pick-up of a little «ure money for
them yesterday.
I /YESTERA
! / DAY'S \
/ One-Best- \ \
Bet Was \
/DelCanna,3to5 t Won\
What my ONE-HORSE-PER-DAT wire aa!d
yesterday :
r»p7 h f^^5" BEST-BE ' r OF THE DAT I3
F I* CARINA - Pet Carina outclasses her
neld. Track and distance to-day are made to'
order for her. Both ARA and BOB RAGON'
wui be played to beat her. but SHE IS AN
ABSOLUTE CINCH to beat them both. Walt
until the money goes in on ARA and BOB
RAUON. an.l then set yours in en DEL CA-
RINA. BET THE LIMIT OX DEL CARINA
TO WIN* AND TO WIN ONLY I" •.?
IK.
/ \
/ One-Best- \ "
/ Bet Was \
/Nigrette, 6 to 5, Won\
■ My ONE-HORSE-PER-DAT WIRE said
! Thursday: :
j "THE ONE BEST BET OF THE DAT is
; NIGRETTE. NIGRETTE i?« an immortal
einch. Has only to repeat her last race to
win as far as she likes. Mud is her forte. Go
aa far as you like on NIGRETTE to win and
to win only!"- •
/WEDNEsX
/ One-Best- \
/Arcade, 4 to I, Won\
My ONE-HORSE-PER-DAT wire said
Wednesday:
"ARCADE (Davis up) U the ONE-BEST-
j BET of the day. Worked a mile In 1:41^, and
is a Hindoo in the mud. Will hepl&yerl for
a kllline. UNBELT FOR THE LIMIT TO
WIN. This is one of the best good things of
the meeting."
I AVERAGE ODDS, 14 to 5
AGAINSTMYONE-BEST-BET
i SINGE BEGINNING OF OAKLAND
67% OF MY SELECTIONS WON
1 A DAILY PLAY OF $20
NETTED $456 PROFIT
i — — — — — —^— — i — — — __i^__
i
j My percentage of winning ONE-BESTVBET3
i since the meeting at Oakland opened la 66 2-3
I per cent. \
\ I have given in that period 15 starters. Of
j these ten won and five lost. Odds ajralnst
: the winners were as follows: One at 1O to 1,
! one at 6 to 1. one at 4 to 1. One at 2 to 1.
: three at 6 to 5. one at even money and two at
j 3 to 5 (includlBgr yesterday's).
The average ode's against the ten winners
i was 14 to 5.
A flat hr-i of $20 on th« winners and losera
alike netted $456. after deducting all losses.
For lack of space I put off publishing. th«
names of all the homes given until Sunday's or
Monday's ad. Watch for it.
A ccpy of every dally message* Issued br mo
to my clients since the beginning of the Oalc-
j land meeting is en file in my office. It is not
locked in a desk, but is posted conspicuously on
the wall. In view of all clients, new and old
and prospective, who call at my office. Come
and consult it. Compare my message with my
advertisements. I'll forfeit $1000 to anybody
who can disprove any assertion I make or prov-j
tljat I ever misrepresent. *
N. B. — My complete dally wire, giving all th«
information I have, which is issued trio to all
ONE-HORSE-PER-DAT clients, has. since the
beginning of Oakland, given to win a raft Ot
other dinners, at prices ranging from tirree to
five tn'nftetn to one. but none of these are l.i-
' eluded in the above showing. Yesterday it
• handed out for m heavy play to win INSTRTJ-
I MENT. which was at 4 to 1. The day before
j it advised a swell bet to win on KM Crosa
Nurse which won at 8 to 1. and on others that
won. 'On rare occasions does a horse I give
for any kind of a play in my complete wire fin-
ish outside of the money. ITS A HORNADAY
HABIT, and It is inimitable.
|; To-Day a Coup!
My one-horse-per-day '-wire at Oak-
i land will to-day hand out as worth th«
i biggest bet of the meeting; one of the
L surest, winners that ever was sent foi
! the money at odd3 of 4 to 1 or so. .
He worked fast enough to beat tha
field he meets to-day by a city block,
, He is lightning fast. The right money
1 will- be bet oti him!
I Unless the Jockey falls oft he'll tln-
' can it in front and cc-me home on.th«
! chin strap. Bar accident, he can't lose.
" You are Invited to. join my army ol
j winners.
|TermsS2 Daily; $10 Weeklj
To-day's message will . positively not. b>
ready for delivery until 11 a. m. Telegrapl
your subscriptions if out of town and an ixa
1112
FREE-TO OUR SHALL AD PATRONS THIS WEEK BEAUTIFUL
JOHN D. SPRECREL^j^^^j^ggrtgSg!:
Addrese Communications to
JOHN" McX^JUX«IIT^ : __ ; _ : _ :J j_ ; M£m_«er
\V. J. MA1OTX Business ManagCT
TELEPHONE.
Aek for THE CALL. The Operator WM Con-
nect Tcu With tbe Department Tou Wlsn.
Publication Office Market and Third,^ S. F. ,
Editorial Kooms 217 to 221 Stevenson «C
Delivered by Carriers. 20 Cts. P«r "Week. 75
Cts. Per Month. Pintle Copies 5 < { ts ; v , (h
Terms by Mail. Including Postage (Casn w un
Onfer) : ,„ „
DAII/F CALL, (ir-cJud. Sunday). 1 year...5S.«w
DAILY CALL (includ Sunday). 6 nios... 4_w
DAILY CALL— By ginirle Month O 'J5
SUNDAY CALL. 1 Year rjS
WEEKLY CALL. 1 Year • \<™
FOREIGN" f Daily- • -$8.80 Per Year Extra
rOKtl*..^ i " A ,_ Per Tear Extra
POSTAGE. I weekly 1 00 Per Year Extra
ALL POSTMASTERS ARE AUTHORIZED
TO RECEIVE SUBSCRIPTIONS.
Eecple Copies "Will Be Forwarded When
Requested.
Mali BUbscrtisere in ordering change of ad-
dr»-f« rhould be particular to give both >l*.vv
AND OLD ADDRESS. In order to in« ure *
prompt a_d correct compliance with tn«lr rt»-
«uesu
OAKLAND OFFICE: ,__
i«6 Broadway Telephone Main 1083
BERKELEY OFFICE:
ZMS Center Street Telephone North . •
"WaEHINGTON CORRESPONDENT:
6AMUEL W. WALL Hotel Barton
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf. Astoria Hot*l; A. Brentano, 31
felon Square: Murray Hill Hotel; Fifth-avenue
Hotel and HcScaa House.
"BCSINESS OFFICE of th- Sal Francisco Call.
. cornfT Market and Third streets: open until
12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES:
1008 Market etreet, oppotsltc- Fifth; open until
11 D. ra.
C27 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
B:20 p. m.
800 Hayes street: cpen until 9:30 p. m.
♦38 McAUtrt'r street; open until 9:*I0 p. m.
flS Lcrkln 6trr*t: open until 0:30 p. m.
1B41 Mlsslcn street; open until 10 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open uctll 9 p. m. r>
JO5K5 Valencia direct; open until 9 p. m.
SCortbeatt corner Church and Duncan streets;
cper until b p. ra.
g.20'» Fi'.lmore street: rpen until 9 p. ra.
FIRST United Presbyterian Church, cor. Gold-
en Gate avf. and 1'oik st. — Preaching to-
morrow. Sabbath, at 11 a. m. and 7 p. m..
by the pastor. Rev. H. H. Bell. D. D. Morn-
ing th?nii>, "A Missionary Romance"; even-
. ing th«rnf-. ••The Man of Nararrth" — first In
. . •ecr.nd Oriental series. Sabbath school at
• fr:4*". a. m. C. E. scx-'etie* ct r>::;<"» and 6:*iO
p. m. Stranpers Cordially invited to all
itervir-es. Pews free. Courteous urh-^rs. Come
. and brinp your friends. Music by a (rood
male ciiai-ft^ _^^___
MEXTIJTG KOTICES.
THE Craftsmen's Club will meet THIS ra
• SATURDAY) EVENING at 7:30 "VVf
o'clock In St. John's Hall. Masonic /\/S
Temple. Ail Master Masons invited.
*. ROD G. GUYETT, Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, K. and A. »
M.— Th'.ri degree THIS (SATURDAY) VVf
EVENING nt «:30 o'clock, liy crder /\f\
of the \\. M.
R. II. McPHERSON. Secretary.
MISSION LoJ S e No. 1C3. F. and A. M.— O
Special merilnc THIS (SATURDAY) Yy
EVENING at 7:3<» o'clock. Third de- /V\
• grcc. R. E. ALLAN, Secretary-
BOUTII SAN FRANCISCO Lodge No. <_
212, F. and A. M., meets THIS (SAT- "vSf
I'RDAT) EVENING at 7:*>0 o'clock. /yf\
■Third degree. Master Masons cor-
• dially invited. By order
WIL.LIAM 1 McDON'ALD, W. St.
EXCELSIOR l>prc* Lodge No. 2.
. I. O O. F.— Special meeting THIS Si^^^£k.
■ (SATURDAY) EVENING. By or- "-5»^5-->»
der of the D. M. J^«*^3*-
CHARLES J. PHELEN.
j-A-IRMOUNT Lodge No. -108. K. of -j£S*
• J*. — Officers and meml>ers are *V&S*tf
' notifie'i to attend the funeral of 72jW
our deceased brother, A. R. POOLE. £*?*}£
6UNI>AY AFTERNOON at 2 O'clock, * et *^^
from his late residence, 11S9 Oak et. By or-
• der cf the C C R. E. LANE. M. of F.
'MEMBERS of Lon_xhore Lumbermen's Pro-
tective Association. Local No. 224. are re-
epectfully requested to attend the funeral of
. our deceased brother. PAUL PETTERSON,
on Sunday, Dec. 4. at 1 p. m., from his late
residence. \*'*± Geneva st.. o!t Brannan. bet.
Sixth and Seventh. Brir.c your badges.
JOSEPH DOWNHAM. President.
'GEORGE G. HANSEN, Rec. Sec.
•A' MEETING of the Bf.ard of Medical Exarn-
. Iners r.f the State cf California wiil be heli
TUESDAY. :he <jth day of December. 1804.
; at the Citj- Hall, in the city ar.d county of
fi-n Francisco. State of California, at the
: .hour of 0:30 a. m. of rail day, for the con-
sideration of applications for certificates and
for such other business as may properly ccmt
before it. Dated San Francisco. November
19. 1^04. Beard cf Medical Examicers of
the State of California.
,- CHARLES L. TISDALE. Secretary.
THE- California D«bris Commission, having re-
ceived • applications to mine by hydraulic
' iroctts from EFther Jackson and Jofin M.
Ja<d:son, in Brown Bear Placer Mine, near
I\ew Mohawk, Plutnas County, Cal., draln-
l:« Into Sn.lr.hur Creek, which reaches Mid-
Ale Fork Feather River, from Shasta Coun-
ty Quartz anJ Placer Mining Co.. in Mur-
derers' Gulch Mine, near Stella. Shasta
• County. Cal.. draining Into Clear Creek.
wMch reaches Sacramento River, and from
William Nicholls Jr.. in Duryea Placer
Mine, near Red Dcg. Nevada County, C_l..
<raininz into Greanhorn Creek. which
reaches Bear River, gives notice that a
meeting to receive any protests will be held
at room C«. Flood building, San Francisco.
, Cal.. T>ec. 12. ;r>04. at 1:30 p. m.
\ AGrxrrs wasted.
WANTED- Trustworthy man or woman for
rmsll local office; we train cur own people;
weekly ca?h salary. Supt. Local Dep't., 223
N. 2d Et.. Et. Louis.
WANTF.D — I^ady and gentleman solicitors to
har.d'.e goud paying articles. Call 1934 Mar-
ket st. ....-•.
ATTOB-BrilYS-AT-I.A'W.
A FT.AUDUtE.VT divorce Is dear at (12 and
is no good; for 22 years I've made divorces
a tpecialty; quick; quiet; no money needed;
. no pay cnlesi divorce Is granted; perfectly
reliable; lowest fees; advice free; collections
tr-ade. G. AV. HOWE. 1122 Market «t
XI. W. KING. Attorney-at-law, Exam. bldg..
Cth floor: entrance room 611; established 26
yean: all courts, general court and office
practice; no fees In advance or for conculta-
tion; evening by appointment. TeL Red 360L
AA— D!*-orce; ccets $12; qulck.qulet;adv1ce free;
all l*w business; no charge unless success-
. tul; cpen evenings. P27 Market St.. room SOL
CONSULTATION free, private, confidential;
i»UElnost legally, promptly and energetically
transacted. W. Matthews. 632 Market, room 23.
'ADVICK free; divorce costs $12; no fees "or
cocts In advance: all law business; office
cper. Eaturdsy evenings. 819 Market st.. r. 33.
L. S. CLARK. 927 Market, room 304; consulta-
tion free; no fees In advance; open evenings.
A WEEK'S newt for 6 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pactv In -wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
ASTHMA CUKE.
El NOLA'S Atthma Remedy relieves Instantly:
10c. 23c. Me 1602 Market. St. Nicholas;
«.l»o WUhart. 10th and Washington. Qniri?w<i.
BOAKDIlf O FOB CBCrT-DBEN.
BOY can have home comfort? in doctor's fam-
. ily: $25 per month. Box 1681. Call office.
CARPET EEATIKG AND CLEANING.
COMPRKiiSED Air and Vacuum Process used
for cleaning carpets on floor without removal:
carpets and rusa also cleaned by compressed
■ir at chop; prices moderate. S. F._ Com-
pressed Air Cleaning Co.. 30S Market at.;
_ phones Main 1S2 and Bueh 479.
WHEN o'ou become disrust«d with your work
eend for SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing wor-s. S^S-357 Tehama uu Tel. South 40.
WESTERN Carpet Cleaning Works, 1S0Q Har-
riison rt.; Al cleaning. Se. FRED'HAGE-
PORN & CO.; phone Mission 225.
MITCHELL'S. 240 Fourteenth »t.— Flrst-class
carpet cleaning. 3c yard. Tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Cwpn Cleaning Co.. .402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM A CO.. Prop*.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
rcagonable. 17C3 Harrison St.; tel. Mission 263.
A WEEK'S news for S cents— The Weekly Call.
1C pace*. In wrapper, for mailing $1 per year.
■ BUBiflEBa paj-yxiv-j-aa. . .^^^ I
FRICE $1100 — Wood. coal, hay and grain yard; I
a long-established business; 2 horses and 3
wagons; rent only $25; rare chance. S«e R.
G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st.
A— $2900; CORNER grocery and bar on Va-
lencia St.; lease: old established and good
paying business; investigate; a rare chance.
g Se« R. G. WILKE. 26*4. Keamy st.
A— $500; BRANCH bakery and delicatessen
store with 3 nicely furnished rooms: rent
$15; a good paying business. See R. G.
WILKE, 26 fr Kearny st.
A— $1200; ROADHOUSE. living room*; rent
$15: no opposition; very best location: about
8 miles from city. See R. G. WILKE. 26*
Kearny Ft. ■
A — $600; ROADHOUSE; 5 years' lease; rent
$20- be*t location on Colma road. See R. C
W I LKK. 26H Kearny st.
A— $S5C0; HARDWARE store, corner; ranges,
household supplies, paints, oils, sas fixture*,
etc.- 4 years' lease; location the very best;
value tn sight; owner to retire to private
life; a splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE.
2eH Kearny st. ;
A — $1500; GROCERY and bar, with 21 furnished
rocms: 2 blocks south of Call building; rent
$71- kept by present owner 10 years; a good
business. Call R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A — $3250; HALF interest In manufacturing
business; established many years and doing a
first-class paying business; stock and ma-
chinery with invoice; the price a rare and
good offer. Call on R. G. WILKE. 26%
Kearny st, . ______
A — $2200- RESTAURANT and coffee saloon
In Stockton: rent $53; the leading place of
its kind in Stockton; all particulars. R. O.
WILKE, 2CH Kearny st.
A— faOO; BAKERY, with 3 living rooms and I
kitchen; rent $20; all store trade; cash re-
ceipts about $16 per day. Particulars R. G.
WILKE. 26»4 Kearny at.
A— $2350: COAL, wood, hay and grain busi-
ness: 3 horses, 3 wagons; net rent $34;
place established years; very best loca-
tion; a good cash business. See R. G-
WILKE. 26~>. Kearny st. -
A— $900; BUTCHER shop and vegetable mar-
ket on Polk st.; lease; living rooms; owner I
must leave for Europe to settle estate; a |
rare chance. R. G. WILKE. 26% .Kearny st. ,
A — $800; CORNER saloon In wholesale dis-
trict; no night or Sunday work; saloon es- |
tab 20 years and known as a good busl- i
ness. See R. G. W1LKK. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2000; CORNER saloon, with lease, in
wholesale district; a good business; owner to
leave the city cause of sale; a rare chance.
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A — $4000; CIGAR stand on Market St.. vicin-
ity Powell St.: 2% years' lease; must be
sold at once; owner to leave city for the
Eaet. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2450; CORNER grocery and bar: 5 years'
lease; rent $40; store doing a large cash busl.
ness; location can't be beat; value In sight.
See R. G. WILKE, 2C% Kearny rt.
A— $5500; SALOON; about 1 block from Phelan
building; ?et rent $125; lease; stock will in-
voice about $1200; a good paying place; in-
vestigate at once: rare chance. R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st. |
A— $2600; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block from Examiner building: place estab-
lished years; doing a flrst-class business;
about $70 per day. Particulars Bee R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A — $900; CORNER saloon, with cigar stand,
on Fourth st.; living rooms; rent $30; lease;
a good paying place: bargain. See R. G.
WILKE, 20% Kearny st.
A— $l.-»00: OLD-ESTABLISHED commission
store, dairy produce, etc.; must be sold at
once en account of death; very rare chance,
as business is known for 28 years as a good
reliable house. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $4000; CORNER grocery and bar; few blocks
south of Market st. ; net rent $90; lease 4
vears; average monthly receipts $1100; value
in eight. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $2C50; HOTEL of 30 rooms; rent $100; lease;
with flrst-class paying saloon In manufactur-
ing town across the bay; a good paying buel-
neee. See R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $700; DELICATESSEN, branch bakery and
fancy grocery; 4 nice living rooms; rent $25;
daily receipts about $20; .best location north
of Market. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $3500: CORNER grocery and bar on Fulton
St.: s**nt $60: living rooms; stock will in-
voice about $2S0O; a well established and
flrst-class paying business. See R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny et.
A— $7000; BAKERY; one of the best In this
city: monthly sales $6000; 12- horse*. 5 wag-
ons; location the very best; not all cash
neeeosary. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $350; DAIRY, .produce and delicatessen
store; 5 rooms; rent $25; best location Va-
lencla St.- Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— CAMERON & CO. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy St., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for all kinds of business chances.
FOR eale — First-class bazaar; located In thriv-
ing location, city; fine plate-glas« windows;
store fixtures; large stock; long lease; cheap
rent; doing good business; clearing $150 to
$200 per month: trial given; established 17
—T«-ars; one of best propositions in city: sick-
ness; snap; price $3500.
FOR «ale — Delicatessen and branch bakery;
fir<e corner, new building and fixtures: rent
only $32 50: sales $35 to $50 per day; long
lease; fir.e opportunity to get good business
for $1250.
EXCHANGES made In all kinds of real estate,
rooming-houte and business chances. CAM-
ERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
FOR sale — One of the best hay. «rraln. feed,
wood. coal, lime and cement businesses In S.
F.; cheap rent; horses and wagons, all equip-
ments; present owner has made a fortune
and wants to retire: guaranteed to clear
from $500 to $S0O per month; trial given If
desired; part down. CAMERON & CO.
FOR sale — Fine little .T-room cottage and barn;
lot 30x137 feet; all furnished; horse and
buggy; tine well; 15 minutes' walk from de-
pot; 2 blocks from electric cars; snap; $1000.
CAMERON tc CO.. 3 Eddy st. .
FOR sale — Well-furnished and equipped coun-
try hotel; 59 rooms; rent only $150; 10-year
lease; newly palmed and renovated through-
out; about 50 miles from S. F.; fine, grow-
ing town; present owner made fortune and
wants to retiie. CAMERON & CO., 3 Eddy.
FOR sale — Several good business propositions
for investors, such a* dear stores, groceries
and bars, bakeries, furnishing- goods, mer-
chndise. county hotels, restaurants and many
other propositions too numerous to mention;
would be pleased to have you call and Inspect
our list CAMERON & CO.. 3 Eddy st.
NORTON & CO..
LEADING BUSINESS AGENTS,
1104 Market St.. phone .Jessie 4471.
Offer the Following Bargains.
RETAIL candy and Ice cream parlors; nicely
fitted up; lease; clears $150 monthly; if you
want a good proposition see this quick
NORTON & CO.
GROCERY and bar. N; of Market: fine corner;
owner going East; want offer. Norton & Co.
FINE OPPORTUNITIES.
If you wish to buy or sell property of any de-
scription do not fall to call upon us; we may
have Just what you want to buy or a pur-
chaser for Just what you want to eell.
J. W. JACUITH & CO.,
1312 Market fit..
' Rooms 418.419. Telephone Folsom 3468.
FOR eale on account of 111 health, business of
manufacturing patent medicines, extracts,
etc. with formulas; located in one of the
larcest and beet cities in California; price
$4000; one-half cash, balance to be paid out
of sroceeds of business. Address S. C. S
box 520, Sacramento- Cal. •
! : .
$200— PARTNER; chance for right man.
Grocery; will sell at Invoice price.
Saloons and restaurants at all prices.
BERQ & POPP, 316 Kearny st.
<^R P G A i^ E p R p : . C 3 h i a 8 n gea^y n^ "" ■ ■"»*
RARE chance for the enterprising— Lota cen-
trally situated in the city of K_slo, B C •
assessed value $670; offered for $100: owner
has to sell.. See, him at 322% Third «t. "
GOOD opportunity— Fine stationery business;
average sales over. $2000 per mo. ; t will sell
, for Invoice price of stock; no competition;
located in tbe only cash town* in California.
; HAMILTON _ KENDRICK, Petaiuma! ™ j
HARDWARE store, lnvclce $5250: best town
this State; good paying business; large = at-
tractive, up-to-date store; exceptional offer:
111 health; no agents. Address box 28. Oro-
ville. Cal.
DO you want large returna for moderate capi-
tal? Inv«rti_rate my flrst-cla&« theatrical
proDoeltion. Call to-day. 10 to 12f 3 to 4
Callaghan building, room 418-419. . * '
CIGAR stand, located at 10% Sixth st. cor
Mission.: good. lease. Call after 10 o'clock
at above address.
$75 MONTH — Steady man . with : $200 wanted
as partner in Jobbing business; no experience
required; workingman preferred. 235 Kearny.
FOR sale— Butcher shop in live country town
Apply to JOSEPH WILSON JR.. 823 Georgia
«t.,?,Vall«:lo, Cal..- , ,
HARDWARE business wanted; '■ about ■ $4000-
city or country. Apply 116 Harriett st. - .'■
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1904
!' \ ■ ' • • > ■ ' .-*■'■ ' . ' - - '.» ' '■ i
: ..• A Beautiful and Useful Article for the Home... !
<; ..•'." , ••. - ' ,-,,„„.,,■,■ iiM-iii-iiiiii-M-MiiiMHMHi-iiiiwiiwrii C k avc secured from one of j
*' _Hr^__c_a_P__&^ ' < ■• -*,■ * * l y"\. % i%z?<$ *C '/$.y'\'f n &?J$z^^&P.\#*'x['& '■'■''■ ■*-•■•■"■■•'■-■ ■•■•"■•• ■ ■ ■■■■ ■■ ■■■■ — ■■. ■■■■..■ ■ ■■■■■ ■■ ■ ■■ ■■.■■■ ■■ . '/JB_w58 * « '
' , PJtt f*_rff .Tf cfr^Wi ■■'■- _■ ■ '■ ■■■■■ ■'■■■'■ "■■■■ ■■■,■■■.■" .•-■> : ijSySs_*_S?5C*_ '" ■"''"■ ' ' " " ' ■'■ .-.■■-....■ ■ : . ■ ■ ■ ■ ■■ ■,■■.,,■.. ■..■.-. „■ .■..■V ■..■■„■■.■■:■■ -■ .:■...■-. -.■..' ■ . '____9Bf9___________________H_____P ■' : \ ■ *
' aNT a^. fiw^^'jjyjijj'jyffiftt. .■■..* .■.* ■.."•'' ■ r*^*^^Kj?^?^Fj3y3_??s^ ' ■" '■■" '■ ■'■ ■ ■ ■■ ' ■■ ■■■ ■"■ ■"■■■■■ ■ ■■■■■■■ ■ . ■ ■■ . .■ ■■.■.... ..•■■.^ ■■:.*'■■■,' ■■■■■::..■■. . ■ ■■* . j~~yfiy^jH*j&ff*"^B5v_Kipr?^3fry^_c^T* _^V^ V -I W
|| Third and Market Streets 1 01 6 Broadway i
ETJSIKXSB CHAHCES — Co*ntln-aeol. j
F. A. BROOKbXnK. BUSINESg AGENT(
917 Market St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
Phone Folaom 1846.
$150— PARTNER for well-paying restaurant;
will clear you ?75 mo. See BROOKBANK.
WE have a client who Is desirous of. associat-
ing with a reliable and industrious person
(lady or gentleman) who can invest $350 and
services, and to same will be offered an 'In-
tercut In business clearing from $150 to $300
monthly; references exchanged. Particular*!
with BROOKBANK.
RESTAURANT— Al location; seats 54; new 6-
foot range; largo kitchen; 2 living rooms
connected; rent $22 50; worth $500; price
$300. See BROOKBANK.
STEADY man wanted as partner In cash busi-
ness to do plain light work: sure profit of
$75 to each per month; capital required, $175.
632 Market st.. room 6. -.
PLANING mill for sale; 6 machines, with elec-
tric power; good city location. Box 1652, Call.
$1200— FOR sale; sodawater bottling plant.
Address 820 Wood 6t., Oakland, Cal. .
EXPRESS route for sale; value In sight. Ad-
dress box 1820, Call office. . .
FOR sale — Half Interest in good restaurant;
best location; bargain. 1727 Market, st.
ROUTE '12. San Francisco Call, for aale. Ap-
ply San Francisco Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 10 pages, rent to any address In tha
' United States or Canada one year for $1.
ESUOATHmAXfe .
A — THE Lyceum, an accredited preparatory
school for university, law and medical col-
v leges; refs. President Jordan or any Stanford
profesEor; day,' evening sessions. Phelan bldg.
E. R. AYRES, founder of Ayrcs Business Col-
lege, has returned; bookkeeping, penmanship,
shorthand, typing; J5 month; life scholarship
150; positions secured; day, eve. 723 Market.
THE Paul Gerton School of Acting, the largest
institution devoted exclusively to dramatic
learning In America; positions guaranteed.
Send for catalogue. Native Sons' bldg. . ".-.-
HEALD'S School of Mines and Engineering, .24
Post st.. S. F. ; civil, mining, electrical, steam
and gas engineering. Send -for prospectus.
A SUCCESSFUL college; new, large rooms:,
perfect light; all graduates are getting posl- '
tlons. S. B. Business College, 733 Mission.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec. min.. mech.. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day." eve.; est. 1884. Van'
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st.
Established 1SU3; largest in the West: an-
nual enrollment 1000; send for circulars.;- ; -.
<71csscns Pitman shorthand and hold anyposlticn;
guar. ;<30 court reporting; "single- page method"
bookkeeping. Western Bus. Col.". 1281 Market.
CLASSES in short utory writing and Journalism
meet on Mon.. Wed. and Thurs.. 2.n. m.. 333
Phelan bldg.; terms very reasonable. : i
A— GALLAGHER - MARSH BUSINESS CO*_-
LEGE, 13S2 Market it. Send , for catalogue.
A— METROPOLITAN Bus. Col., 602 Van Ness
ave.; positions secured. R." H.\ Webster. Pre».-
KENT Law; School; day. and night; fourteenth
year; catalogue free. 636 Parrott building.
BOOKKEEPING— Save time. . gain knowledge,
with TARR. expert/ 217 Parrott. building. .
GUITAR, - rnar.dolln and piano," $3 per xnonth;
vocal lessons SI. S2S Halght st. '
ISAAC Pitman Business College, 345 Halght;
individual instruct. ; all branches; day, eve.
! CHICAGO Business College. 1C64 Market— Posi-
tions, shorthand, typing. , bookkeeping; $8 mo.
ADULT and Juvenile ~ classes ; now " open. Hln-
man's School of Dancing. 1412 Polk. nr. C_L'
BHORTHAND taught thorMy by mail and per-
tonally. Miss M. G. : Barrett. 302 Montgom'y.*
BCHOOb OF ILLUSTRATION Day and
PART:nGTON'S, 424 ; Pine , ■_— Night class.
EPANISH,Ftench,etc.Prof.De Flllppe'sAcademy
of languages. 1018 .Post; eBt.l871;abl«if,proft.
: CREDIT CLOTHIERS.
C. F. ADAMS CO.; 318 Mason r St.— Clothing
for everybody. from hat to shoes; you can get
what you : want from us and have It charged.
CIiOTHarG-IBEirOVATIgQr
SUITS cleaned : and i pressed. - $1 ; ; scouring and
dyeing. . Bon Marche,- Examiner bldg.:: r *410-
phone Drumm 44. t Call for and deliver free'
A— CAMERON & CO.. Phone South 1050.
3 Eddy st., cor. Market and Powell.
Headquarters for Rooming- Houses. Hotels and
All Kinds Business Chances.
We have a 0-room flat, new modern build-
ing, sumptuously furnished; carpets ■. cost $3 50
per yard; beds cost $100 each; hair mattresses
cost $35 each: new 8 months'; actual cost to
furnish, - $5000; must go East and will take
$2700; Vi cash, balance 6 per cent per annum;
everything ready to step right into an ele-
?ant home.
An up-to-date downtown house; rent only
$5 50 per room; all light and sunny rooms;
electric lights and elevator; has ION rooms,
well furnished throughout: now clearing
$350 to $450 per month;. make offer; owner
must leave city; only with us.
16 rooms: rent $65; gvod furniture and car-
pets; always full; must sell within next ten
days; leaving city; make offer.
What do you think! 31. room apartment-
houoe; rent only $130; where you can clear
$95 Der month; no -work; this you can get
■ for $1100; wife at hospital.
Fine little house of 22 rooms; rent only $110;
well furnished; mostly all new carpets; good
location; always full; good buy; $1300.
Have new, modern S2-room houee: rent $375;
electric lights; elevator; corner; everything
up-to-date; owner will exchange for im-'
proved property neighborhood San. Jose;
value $"<JUO to $10,000.. . .;„'■"-. \ '
0-room flat; rent only $50; water free; oak
furniture; good carpets; must sell; price $400.
Model apartment house, 2 and 3 rooms each ;
rent is cheap; elegantly furnished; S.year
lease; there are 00 rooms; everything new
and modern; you can get bargain account of
tlckmsB.
7-room modern flat; close in; well furnished;
cost $000; a bargain if eold.at once; $250. *
C5 rooms: -test downtown" commercial house In
city; clearing now $300 per month; every-
thing first-class condition; "will trade ■ for
Oakland, Alameda or -Berkeley property or
ranch in California; must leave city.
45 rooms; rent only $125; flrst-clasa location;
well furnished and good running order;
clearing now over. $200 per month ;: always
full; best buy in city; * account of sick-
ness; trice $4500.
Eplendid 42-room apartment house on fine cor-
ner; rent only $3 75 per room; 5 years' lease;
clearing nice little Income; will take 15 to 20
room house ;»s part payment. ■"
We have 13 beautifully furnished rooms in fin*
block on Post st.;.. full* nicest kind of room-
: ere ; . new - and modern throughout : brings In
nice income; furniture " In': oak, birdseye
maple; velvet and" .dxmineter carpets; cost
$1800 to furnish six months ago; obliged to
leave city; big bargain; $1200.
21 rooms; cheap rent: very central: good fur-
. niture and carpets; clears- $100; per month;
.must leave city; make an otter. '
180. rooms: grand, new, modern'- apartment-
house; elegantly furnished and equipped;
' cheap .'rent; fine' lease; paying i $500 $600
per month; cloew In; full of nice people; bar.
: gain if ■ taken at once; dissolution of part-
;. v nershlp. .... . : .-; ., .
1 Big. bargain : ' for some '.. one; • 6-room ' flat ' ele-
furnished : 6 . mor.ths ago by Sloane at
'-■ coet of over $900; rent only $25 per. month:
- * fine location; biggest snap on - market; only
f 4 OC-. ' ;
15 -rooms; rent • only $70; water' free; all oak
furniture: carpets new last June; clears $73
\ per "month; - first • class and full- of» roomers;
•J$1100 takes.lt.- - . ; '
123 rooms; cheap rent;' long lease:- flrst-class.
. up-to-date downtown- houee;: well' furnished;
• ' clearing $500 to $600 ■ per « month: must ■ sell
■ on account of. other; business: only with us.
Have , a little 14. room *• boarding-house . on
Geary ;« nicely equipped : throughout: all full
. and clearing , nice income; / price , $2000.
60 rooma; new, modern : building; ' elegantly
fi furnished ; close : in ; full I of flrst-class people ; •
clearing a . handsome ■; profit; . fine opportunity
to get an up-to-date house reasonable; sick-
ness. ; ■. ' . ■' - .- , ■"% .j '• .'■'.." r*i
We- have' a ; number, of special , bargains In flats
of 6 to 10 rooms, i new, and modern;* can "be
. had ■ for , less • than ■ half cost to furnish ; must
• be, sold;; either .^account of alcknesa or d«-
- parture. •; \
Large ■ list of real 'estate. . rooming-houses : and
■ business , for exchange • or - trade - always ■ on
CAMERON.; 3 Eddy st.
'HOTELS. : -; . *. . ■-.'_.■ ; . ■■ " ■* ■ ■ '. ~: -• - ". * t }
Z.ODGING-HOT7SES FOS SALE — Con.
zzz: .: ■
MARION GRIFFIN,
406 Hearst building, over Examiner entrance,
corner Third and Market sts. ; tel Black 3607!
Hotels and rooming-houses for sale. Free list.
Abstract of Title Free With Each Sale.
Halt rurnlsbed40- Beautifully f u r-
roorn house north nlshed house of
of Market; $1500 60 rooms; on a
take** it up to 10 sunny corner;
a. m.. December stick a pin here;
2. "There Is a the rent is only
tide In the affairs / $1C8; house full
of all men's lives . of steady room-
lf taken at the ers;. on account
flood leads on to of. sickness the
fortune." price <$5000) Is
See cut In two.
. MARION . See
GRIFFIN. MARION
GRIFFIN.
Absolutely our . —
best furnished 20- DOUBLE the
room transient profit could be
house; right In made In this
the heart of busl- high-class house;
ness activity; you 37 ■ rooms; rich
will nead to put furniture, carpets
up about $1500 in and hangings ;flne
cash; now clear* entrance; an air
$150; your ability of wealth per-
will be the meas- '.->.' vades the house;
vre of ycur profit. profit * now $173;
See fine 1 a n d lo rd;
MARION worth $4500.
GRIFFIN. See
MARION
THINK! A 33- GRIFFIN.
room house, clear- : .
Ing $141 monthly; UNHEARD of
price 52000; half terms; 23 rooms-
cash and $25 nicely . furnished
monthly; t h o r- apartments ;clear»
oughly respect- $74 monthly; only
aule. . $400 down and
See ; . easy terms.
MARION See
ORIFFIN. MARION
— — — GRIFFIN.
Vacant, 10 rooms: " ;
snd 20 Curnlsheil: REAL ESTATE
now clears ??79 wanted in ex-
monthly. • Almost change for a
no work for land- • high-class, 60-
lady. If you have < room house ;clears
good furniture $3000 yearly above
and $300 cash all expenses, in-
coma and see us. eluding living for
MARION man and wife;
GRIFFIN. fine furnishings.
. MARION
BRING us $300 GRIFFIN.
and we .will put '
you in possession SPLENDIDLY
j of a nice 15- fum 1 a h e d 40-
room house full room house; ex-
of steady room- ceptlonal loca.
ers; profit . $65 tion: lease If de-
monthly; we back ' . etred; high class
you for $700. of roomers; very
See quiet -and select;
-MARION ' only " $1750 cash
GRIFFIN. required; easy
— terms; fine hcuse.
—K -R— v S «*
180 rooms. 100 ""SISSSLr
furnished: $7500; *"' U^v: ORIFFIN.
handsomest : mod- ~^~ " :
ern . . apartment- . — p - S. —
house In this < 6 large, light;
city; beautiful $3000; rent $150;
furniture; • great lease if desired;
bargain; rhould .'• - house 'and fur-;
clear $700 each 30 nlehlngs in good
days. order; in a fine
See • location; clears
MARION *1"3; on sunny
GRIFFIN. «' d «- -
■' __ •.: See - ■
-: :, ,'...■ , MARION
Swell 50 - room. - GRIFFIN.
new | and modern " : — : — :
house on Sutter: 100 rooms; apart-
most beautifully - menf house; ,al-"
fum i s h e d and .ways full of nice
clearing $258 a n d - permanent
monthly;, electric " people; income is
lights ; elect rle $1 097 monthly ;ex-
elevator; single . penses $649; proflt
rooms; mostly $448; sickness
business m e n ■ makes a sale ab.
r o o m ers: "price solutely necessary
$5000; easy terms. • at once.
-See.---. ; Bee -
MARION .- MARION
v GRIFFIJJ. .'GRIFFIN.
55-ROOM corner. house; rent $4.00 per room;
price , $3800; ; must » be sold." : Box 1852. Call
-office. ' .- - . V:-* -
CHEAPEST and best In America — The Weekly
Call. 16 pages.': sent to > any » address . In > the
United States or Canada one year for $L
T.ODGI*rTQ-HOTJSES fOR SAXE-Coa.
MITCHELL & CO.,
1206 MARKET ST. PHONE JESSIE 2091.
Rooming and apartment houses, hotels, flats.
Sold to suit purchasers. Titles guaranteed.
AUTOMOBILE AT YOUR SERVICE.
12 rooms, R. $45; good house $650
11 rooms. R. $40; Al house $725
7 rooms. R. $27 50; corner flat $200
CIi AIH VO YANTS.
RICHARD MAYO
The Man With Psychic Power.
The greatest living adviser on the continent.
There is no trouble, doubt or ambition, no
hoye or wish but what can be realized by
his help and advice: he Is entirely original
in his methods; different from all others; a
visit will bring sure help and will satisfy
• you and bring success and happiness to the
seekers of truth and advice.
Complete clairvoyant reading this week $1.
Satisfaction guaranteed or no fee accepted.
421 A Ellis St.; private flat; hours 10 a. m.
to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD THE FAMOUS
clairvoyant and business medium; perma-
nently located at 17 Third st., next Exam-
iner bldg. ; she reads your life correctly,
gives an accurate description of the past, re-
veals the present happenings and portrays
events to occur in the future; If you are in
trouble, discontented or not satisfied with
life, or hav e domestic, love or business trou-
bles, consult this great medium and you will
be told how to overcome them; valuable ad-
vice In all affairs of life; 25c up; satisfaction
guaranteed; open Sundays. Tel. Black 45C0.
LIVINGSTONE.
THE OCCULT WONDER.
FOR A RELIABLE. INTELLIGENT CLAIR-
VOYANT READING. CONSULT
LIVINGSTONE.
FIVE RECEPTION PARLORS. LADY AT-
TENDANT. . 26i,i KEARNY ST.
———————————————————————————————————————
ATTENTION
MRS. DR. CLARK.
The well-known medium and clairvoyant,
may be consulted on all affairs; every hidden
mystery revealed: she will show you how to
overcome your enemies and unite the sepa-
rated; tell your entire life, past, present and
future; satisfaction by mall; send stamp for
circular and special terms. 343 Geary st.
MME. LANGE. the only one who can help you
in your greatest troubles; genuine gypsy
sympathy, spiritualism and hand reader-
convince yourself of her skill; 25c and up;
■shows the picture of future husband or wife
M Turk St.. near Taylor; hours, from. 10 to
9, and Sundays.
ISMAR, Egyptian seeress. The Vendome, 1104
Market st.. San Francisco. Offlce hours — 10
a. m. to 5 p. m.; Sundays. 10 to 12; Wednes-
day evening. 6 to 8. . Phone South 1141.
MISS ZEMDAR. young, gifted clalr. and palm.;
reveals love, marriage, business, etc.: L. 50c;
G. $1; hours 10 to 9: names. 714 Franklin st.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant, medium; born
with double veil and second sight; tells past,
present, future: 1. 50c; g. by cards $1; palm-
istry full life read. $1. S03 Jones, nr. Eddy.
Mrs. A. H. Kronenberg, palmist, clairvoyant,
card reader: when others fall try me: read-
■ings 25c. 324 CFarrell st. Tel. Red 6537.
MRS. SHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader, has
returned; sittings daily. 108 6th st.. rooms 1-2.
MRS. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune-
■ teller. Is now at S17 Ellis st.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, fcr mailing. $1 per year.
SPIBJTUAI.ISM.
A — MRS. J. J. WHITNEY.' bus. medium and
life reader. 1200 Market, r. 14. Gait House.
PROF GEE. medium and healer: r«a£ins*
dally; circle every night; 10c. 12C6 Marfeet st.
PROF. FRED EVANS, noted slate- writer and
clairvoyant. 1112 Eddy st. Phone Scott 887.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or countrv. Pacific Collection Co., 415
Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10. Tel. Main 5580.
DRESSM AXERSJLICD SEAMSTRESSES.
MRS. T. CLUNE of New York rT^nT^aress-
' making parlors at 2170 Post, op^. Hamilton
Square; prices reas.; 8. T. Taylor system.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
• Patterns cut to measure; eve. class. 1019 Mkt.
Accordion, sunburst and knife pleating. Stew-
art's button and buttonhole factory. 110 Taylr.
DUSTISTS.
A NEW pi it* — The Whalebone— CannoTlfcr^ak^
warranted 20 yrs.; crowns, $.T50; fillings srv-'
platt«. $3; fti!l eet; all work painless 'and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 21- Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, ltl.t Market. nrTElev^h
— No charge for extracting when plates a'r*
made; old plates made over like new teeth
from $K per set; extracting. .'.<lc: gas'slveri.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 23T> Kearny.cor. Bu»h
Set teeth. $1 50 up; crowns. $2 up; fiinng-j.SSc.
GOLD flllln^n. 75c; silver. 3oc; crowns S2- no
paln:open Sundays. Dr.A.C.Itfwltt.2'>t Sutter.
ARTHUR CHISHOLM. sursreon-dentUt r 14 U*
I floor. Phelan bid.. 80t; Market, cur. O'Parrell
DR. R. L. WALSH has moved fr.im Geary st
to corner Sutter at. and" Grant av°.
inM*Pxo x 2o.nu t oyriCEs.
A — JAPANESE and Chinese employmenrofflci
supplies best help promptly; city or countrv
S. 1MURA. 83U Sacramento. Tel. James 523L
A — ORPHEUM Employment Of flee— Japanese
Chinese help. 428 Powell St.; tel. Main *5T3i
JAPANESE-Chlnese Emp. Office, 413 Stockton-
beat help. Frtta Tamagakl.mgr. Tel. Bush S5<»"
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Ori
flee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main C1S3.
CHINESE and Japanese help; estab. 20 yea-*.
Tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay.
EMPLOYMSHT WAirTED — "rxaiAlE.
TWO flrst-class Swedish second girls: ben~o«
city refs. ; $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cook; no washing; good lefs.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 334 Sutter.
TWO Swedish cooks wish situations; good refs.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 3J4 Sutter.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter, stronger in
city, competent, reliable, rapid and accurate,
desires position; 5 years' experience; best oi
refs. Address MISS E. H.. P. O. box 313.
Oakland.
TOUNO lady school teacher desires to giro
instruction a few hours daily In common
school subjects. Write S259 Twenty- fourth
»t.. or call after 1 p. m.
YOUNG lady of refinement destr«9 situation
as companion to lady and assist in light
housework; refs. Box 1554. Call.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker from St. Louis
would like a few more customers. 1503
Larkin st.
WANTED— Position as saleslady in millinery;
8 y«ar»" experience. St. Kathryn Hotel,
room 253.
BY a refined young lady; office or store work
preferred: good penman and quick at figur-
ing. Call at 170 Elm ave.; phone Fag» 1833.
AMERICAN woman wants position as general
helper In kitchen; no triflera. Addreta MRS.
I*. ?J3t4 Jessie st.
A COMPETENT woman wants situation to da
general housework and cooking, n Van
Ness ave.
STENOGRAPHER desires position in any kind
of office. Box lets. Call.
REFINED woman wishes position in doctor's
or dentist's office; best refs. Box 1621. Call.
FIRST-CLASS laundress takes washing home;
open air dry- Phone Page 7931.
A LADY having eeveral years* experience
would like a position as manager in a hotal
or large private house; city or country;
satisfactory references given. Address box
1873. Call office.
A YOUNG lady school teacher desires to give
Instruction a few hours dally In common
school subjects. Write 3253 Twenty-fourth
St., or call after 1 P. m.
YOUNG lady stenographer, city references. 3Yt
years' experience in mercantile and other
work, operate any kind of machine: salary
no less than $40 mo. Address box 1370. Call.
RESPECTABLE middle-aged woman wants
position: Is good cook and flrst-class laun-
dress; best of references. Call 794 FoUcra
st.. near Fourth.
STENOGRAPHER, competent young lady. 3
years" experience; commercial or law pre-
ferred. Bex 1535, Call.
STENOGRAPHER; young lady; 4 years' ex-
perifnee; competent, quick and accurate.
Box 1534. Call.
A SWEDISH girl wants to do general house-
work in American family. Call at 6*>S Bire!»
ave.. near Laguna and Fulton sts.
MIDDLE-AGED lady would like light house-
work; U a good mender, flrst-claas nurse;
fond of children. 243 Fell.
ENGLISH governess (late of Paris) wishes
employment: speaks good German. Box
1722. Call office.
BY a refined younc lady, office or store work
preferred. Call Tuesday after 10 a. m.. 77*
McAllister st. Phone Page 1S33.
TRUSTWORTHY woman wishes position as
■ housekeeper or cook for men : city or country.
Call 369 First St.. cor. Harrison, bet. 2 and 5.
AN experienced woman .of education would
like position of trust; good seamstress; ref-
erences. Box 1732, Call office.
AN honorable woman wants work, of any kind
br the day or place ot trust. 462H Te-
harr.a st. -
AN experienced stenographer, quick, accurate
and responsible, wishes position. Box 331.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED nurse wishes to care for in-
valid, or will act as companion to lady: best
refs. Box 177. Call.
WANTED — By a good dressmaker, ladles' an'l
children's suits; work heme. Box 1703. Call.
DRESSMAKER, ladles' and children's suits.
wants situation by the day. Box 1703. Call.
GIRL. 16 years old. wants to take care of
children. MISS L. EHEEL. 223 Eleventh st.
A NEAT, reliable woman wants work by th-»
day: good references. Box 1KSB. Call office.
A COLORED woman wishes work, washing.
Ironing or cooking. 2332 Greenwich st.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sts.
WANT ads and nubscrlptlons taken for Th»
Call at Eaton's Bazaar. 633 McAllister St.
EMPLOYMENT •WAarTXO— MAI.E.
COOK and wife, also waiter and wife, first
class, wl«h situations. See J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 034 Sutter st.
BRIGHT young man. 27 years, desires position
aa cl-jrk, stenographer, salesman or collector
In city or country; highest references. Box
1521. Call oTflce.
YOUNG Dane, age 25. wishes position as book-
keeper's assistant; 10 years' experience In
Denmark; speaks English and German; $lt>
week. Box 1811. Call office.
STEADY sober your.gr man wants position as
porter in hotel office, or as vegetable man;
no saloon work; will do any kind of work;
reliable and sober. Box 1764. Call office.
A MAN with 16 years* . experience in the
laundry business would like a position as
foreman or washer. Addre.-a box 162». Call.
SALESMAN having 7 years' experience In
specialties wants position at once. Box 14-19.
Call offlce. -
FIRST-CLASS barber wants steady work even-
Ings. Saturdays and Sundays; state wages.
Box 1262. CalL |
GOOD milker, horseman and general work on
ranch, wants situation. Box 1281. Call.
WANTED — Position as waiter. . Apply J.
HARRIS. 744 Howard «t
POSITION wanted by young man. a*e 23
years, in power plant or manufacturing com-
pany as pipefitter or work involving same.
Box 1738, Call offlce.
GARDENER wishes situation; competent in all
branches: greenhouses, orchard, vegetables
and landscape gardening: references. Box
1923. Call offlce.
WANTED— An old one-armed Confederate sol-
dier needs work. Address Soldier, box 15'J3.
Call offlce.
YOUNG man wants work in a wholesale hou?<»
or grocery store; can furnish references
Box 1573. Call.
COMPETENT telegrapher, experienced as sta-
tion assistant, wishes position wlttx railroad;
flrst-clau refa. Box 1727. CalL
WANTED— Position, city or country: would
loan employer $200 In trust; well-known
through the State. Box 328. Call office..
TOUNG man, good hostler, wants place tn
livery stable: city or country: place with
board preferred. Box 1912. CalL
GOOD cook want* position; flrst-class refer-
ences: hotel or boarding-house; wages S60
Box 235. Call. *
FIRST- CLASS baker and pastry cook, wlf, M
, helper or saleslady, wish positions; city oj?
country. 311 Turk st.
BOOKKEEPER, professional accountant, de-
sires position; can furnish best of references.
Ml Poplar st. Oakland; phone Red 3233.CUP AND SAUCER OF THE NEWEST PATTERN HADE— FREE
SarFLOTMENT WANT-tD— _^e>— Con.
liUNGST, industrious young man. 23. oomp*-
tent to tend old sick gentleman, lady or In-
valid, wishes position: no objection to do
other work; 2 years' experience with dootor;
best references; wages $25 to £30 month.
lie* 1S5L Call office.
3-'V a man 26 years old, bookkeeping, time-
keeping or similar work on a ranch; at pres-
ent employed, but desires a position in coun-
try; south preferred; refere&oee. Box 1779,
Call olflee.
V1DDLE-AGED man would like to have po-
Fition as working foreman on asparagus
ranch; experienced; worked at Sacramecto,
Ilouidin lela&d. Alvlao. G£O. BHOWK.
liacea. South San Francisco.
GERMAN, middle age. wasts position as vege.
table or flower gardener; understands prun-
ing, ic handy wit bcarpem.er tools and un-
derstands also to care for horses; city or
country. Box 160. Gail office.
YOUNG man having horse and buggy would
- !lke position as collector or salesman, for 3
days of th« week; b«*t of references. Box
Ifeyj. Call office.
A GERMAN, mlddle-ared and single, wishes
a situation as clerk in grocery store and b_r-
ioom: good references. W. BOHLING. 417
Kea rnj- a
WANTED — By a German, position to milk
c-own. tend horses or take care or place; ref.
Address GEORGE WOLLAP. Dominican Sis-
ters. Twenty-fourth and Guerrero sts.
ALL-AHOUND handy young man, experienced
hotel, grocery and bar porter, wishes em-
ployment; a_y place; small wages and
found. Box 1787. Call office.
YOUNG, yulck waiter. 23. wants place in bak-
ery, restaurant or boarding-house; town or
country; best references. SCHUMANN, 624H
Washington st
ETEADY, sober young man wants position as
porter in hotel, office, or as vegetable man;
no saloon work; will do any kind of work;
reliable and sober. Box 1764. Call oifioe.
PAINTER and tSnt«r, crust have employment:
highest cl_ss of work and strictly business;
"Promptness and neatness" my motto. Box
1721. Call.
BITUATION' wanted as ooaebman; und'erstands
the care of horses, carriages and around a
icentlemnn'B place; city or country. Box 1717,
fall office. ,
FIRST-CLAES gardener and coachman wants
situation; is sober, reliable and trustworthy;
bert city and country rels. Dox 1S44. Call.
EXPERIENCED wrapper . would like a posi-
tion tn retail store. Box 1572. Call.
AN elderly American wants to cook for a few
men; wag«>s not considered. Box 16jj5. Call.
Al BARBER wants ehort-hour work. 197A
Shipley Bt.
YOUNG man wishes work In warehouse. Box
17<i5. Call office.
WANTED — Position as candy helper. Box 237.
C_;i olfice.
MARRIED man desires a position as collector
or clerk; age 23; reference. Box 1787, Call.
ELDERLY man wants situation; single; no
bad habits; refs. Bex 1S36. CalL
COACHMAN* and eardener wants a position;
have firrt -class references. Box 19S6. CalL
A RELIABLE Japanese boy, who understands
English, wishes poeitlon to do general house-
work ar.d cooking In a small family In the
city. Address I. SAWAI. 315*4 Stockton at
A JAPANESE boy, good and honest wishes
position as a schoolboy: speaks English: un-
derstands all housework; wages $2 a week;
in Email family. Address K. N.. 1431 Bush.
JAPANESE couple, having ten years' experi-
ence, wants situations for man as cook and
wife to wait on table: city or country; best
references. Address Y. HAMA. 744 Post st.
AN hrnest. diligent Japanese boy wants a po-
rtion: cooking and general housework; $6
up a week. Y. SATO. 725 Geary st.
JAPANESE — A boy wants housework or school
boy In the city. S. SAKA. 1410 Pine st;
telephone Hyde 171 .
A JAPANESE young man wants a position as
srhoollyy or any housework: good refer-
ence. Y. TANABE. 33m Eddy st. In rear.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation In the city;
well rxperienced in housework. GEORGE, 2
Delaware court, off Sutter St., S. F.
A JAPAXEFE cook wants situation as a cook
and housework In small family. FUIQ, 419
Jones st.
JAPANESE wants poeitlon as dishwasher or
kitchen kelp after 4 o'clock afternoons. 744
Port St.; phone gutter 1731. HARRY 1SHL
GOOD Japanese cook wishes a position in a
final! farr.ily; $7 up a wetk. NISHIHARA,
417 Jones si.
A JAPANESE educated in this country with
dfcire to learn music wants position as
schoolboy ; honest and eober. Box 233. CalL
A JAPANESE boy wants position, housework;
city or country. 1513V4 Geary st.
JAPANESE 6Choo!boy wishes situation In a
email family. TOMTSAKI. box 1972. Call
ECZEMA CUBE.
1 100 FREE for any case of eczema, salt rheum
or barber itch that I can't cure; a trial treat-
rsect free DR. BROWN. 54 Sixth st
FINANCIAL.
THE REALTY SYNDICATE.
Capital paid i_ $4,600.000 00
Surplus &4O.901 86
Issues
Six per cent
Investment Certificates!
At par.
Office — No. 14 Sansome st.
Ean Francisco, Cal.
_TOCK ir, the Oakland Cremation Association
for sale. Apply to W. E. BARNARD. 476
Tenth st. Oakland.
COMPANIES formVa; mining or patenU: stock
eold: strong Eastern connections: advice free.
Write A F. HARASZTHY. S22 Crossl'y bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A — HOUSES and flats to let; an immense list;
service absolutely free; take advantage of
tlii* department; It will t av e you time ar.d
trouble. Ccrde* Furniture Co., 245-fii* Geary
et.. en the square.
COTTAGES, bouses and flats to let; every de-
drafcie vacant place In San Francisco on
our 1!««; service absolutely Iree; let us find
you a place; conse In and let u« know what
r*-nt ycu want to pay and the locality; *'we
d't the rest." Sterling Furniture Company,
1039 Market St., opp. McAllister.
GOLDEN GATE ave., near Central ave — New,
- sunny fists, tinted and freecoed, 5 rooms,
b«:h, $3(i ; G rooms, bath, attic. $35; open
_g»»r- .
E1.UGAXT new vpvr flat; S room?, with at-
tic, teamed ceiiing, paneled dining-room;
rent lo«-. l-^SS McAllister, near Steiner.
A LOWER fiat of 4 room?, lanre hall, gas,
_ yard: ronl $12. 1519?j Leavenworth et.
ALPINE. 49, bet. Wall«r st. and Duboce ave.
or./! l>-vlBadero — Pretty 5-room tunny flat.
DALE i>!ace, h, of! Golden Gate ave., near
Hyd* — f, rooms and bath; no children.
ELEGANT r><>w fiat. 6 l-rjre sunny rooms and
bath. 1.37 Page^gt.. near Golden Gate Park.
ELLIS. J247, near Octavia— New fiats, 7-7^10
roomg; or«-fi daily be'ween 10 and 5.
JflNTH. ;33 — Furnished fiat of three or six
roam*; cheap.
FLORIDA. 11«>, r.r. 24th— Modern, new upper
flat. 5 rooms; r*>nt $22 50.
MINNA. 1012. near Eleventh— Four sunny
rooms and yard; rent $15.
NEW modrrn flat of 6 rooms; sun In every :
room; ?27 .V>. t^_FoUom it. near 2_d
t°* COr rooms,
bath, yard. ba g f^gtj_mojern Improvement*
$2S — New tunny flat 6 rooms and bath Nor_T
mrttt corner Noe and 24th Kts,
LARGEST lift of houses and flat* to let- r«Jl
en LVON & HOAG, 116 Montgomery et
FLATS FOB SALE— FUBNISEEO.
A MODERN, sur.ry upper flat of 7 largTroomT
completely furnished; carpets, linoleum and
hangings bought of Sterling's for cash 14
week* ago; a bargain ; obliged to go to Mon-
tana. 917 Jones st; 'near Bush.
IklCELY furnished flat. 7 rooms and bath- ba r-
galn; must sell before Cth. &C2 Pine'st
FOR *a!e — 4-room furnished flat 875 Geary
et. lower flat.
JCE1VLY furri«h«! "-room flat, north of Mar-
k*t: Uartalr.: $4.V). 11S3 Bueh st
* FLATS TO LET — FTJ_-S-SHE_>.
CtnrXY flat— Six nicely furnished rooms';
adults. 438 Fourteenth rt .
F-TBN-TTTBE WAax'JjD.
~ -■ AB_Tl__VX
-alearoom, 1139 Market st Tel. Jessie 761.
Don't sell your furniture, carpets, office fur-
nlt-re, etc.. until you get his estimate.
WILL pay 20 per cent more for furniture than
dealers or will sell on commission. I_ H.
BURP, ana.. 1638 Market; phone Jessie 233ft.'
CALL on Alfred Wollpert 773 Mission St.. be-
fore tellir.c your furniture. Phone Red 4462.
_ FTrBNTTTJBE FOB SALE.
HENRY MAYER pays highest prices for fur-
niture, carpets, etc. 782 Mission; tel. Bush 813
FURNITURE) for sale of 6-room cottage; piano;
price $160. 11C0A Valencia st
HELP WANTED--- rEMAlE^^
2 COOKS. Menlo Park $30
Cook, German family $3U
Cook, small boarding-house $25
Waitress for hotel, country $-5
Seamstress for orphanage , . .$2O
l'l>etairs work and nur*e $20
Kitchen helper Redwood City, tare here.SiO
fc?ecji>nd girl $20
2 -waitresse*, family hotel, city ...$25
Nurpeglrl, 1 child 3 years old $15
2 waitresses for real_ur__t $7-$3 week
Cook en a ranch $23
20 general housework girls, city and coun-
try, $20-?2T>. Apply to J. F. CROSETT &
CO.. 334 Sutter Bt
SALESLADY, general experienoe, $30-$40 mo.
Saleslady thoroughly experienced tn waists, ,
top salary.
One nurseglrl. 15-16 years, $15 month.
German girl, cooking and housework, $30 mo.
Two girls, general ° housework, $2O-$25.
Hotel waitresses for out of town.
ROOM 612 GRANT BLDG.. SOUTH 104.
GIRL as waitress, oyster house, city, J25.
Girl for housework, no cooking. $20.
Cal. Emp. Agency, 14 Sd st; tel. Bush 405.
A— WANTED — Girls to learn hairdresEing.
manicuring, etc.; trade taught from A to 2
In 2 weeks; tuition $5 to those entering now;
three positions to fill Immediately; positions
ruarasteed at $10 per week up; leading
school tn West 233 Geary Bt. room 13.
WANTED — Girls to learn millinery now for
fall season; both seasons taught from start
to finish In one menth for $5; positions as
trimmers, salesladies, makers, guaranteed at
$10 per week up; 7 positions to be filled lm-
mediately. Parlors, 143 Stockton st., r. 13.
A— PACIFIC College teaches halrdresMng,
manicuring, electric massage, etc. ; six hours'
practice a day: guarantees positions; only
recognised eollege of Its kind on coast; day
and evening classes; aJI parlor work at re-
. duced prices. 133 Powell st^
WOMAN to do plain- washing at home. Call
9 to 12. Hotel Seven Oalis, Bush and Taylor,
room 44.
LADIES for steady home employment; $3 and
$12 weekly. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st. room 61S.
WANTED — 25 cloak salesladies at the credi-
tors' sales. 7(32 Market st
YOUNO irirl to assist In housework; small
tamily; sleep at home. 712 Leavenworth st
RESTAURANT waitress; good pay. 631 Clay.
GIRL for general housework. 84S Thirtieth st.
Oakland; call before noon.
HELP "WANTED — MALE.
A AA— PERRY'S MERCANTILE BUREAU.
806 Market st. room 325. fifth floor.
Office bours, 9 a. m. to 6 p. m.
Bookkeeper's assistant $15 to $25 week
Stenographer $15 week
Manager department store $25 week
Bill and entry clerk $15 week
Drug clerk $12 week
Checker $15 week
Timekeeper $15 week
Accountant $15 to $25 week
Collector $15 week
Floor manager $18 week
Two shipping clerks $15 week
General office work $15 week
Clerk, city or country $15 week
Young man, learn dentistry $10 weett
8O5 Market Bt. room 325, fifth floor.
THE ROMAYN-SHIRK REGISTER, RENT-
ING AND ADV. CO.. 612-613" GRANT
BLDG.; SOUTH 104.
A first-class jeweler and engraver; fine pay
to good man.
An A No. 1 stone-setter; good salary.
An A No. 1 watch-repairer; $25 -per week/ -
An A No. 1 clock repairer; $15 to $1S per wk.
Two experienced wrappers, clothing house.
An A No. 1 shoe salesman; $18 per week.
An experienced chocolate dipper.
An A No. 1 janitor; give bonds; good salary.
Two domestic salesmen; $40 to $50 month.
An No. 1 Diano salesman; good salary.
Three experienced advertising men; good pay.
One elevator boy; $5 week start
AT THE NATL. EMPLOYES RECORD CO.
Al checker, hotel, $50 and meals.
Bookkeeper, not over 25 years old, $40 start.
Office assistant, good at figures, $7 start.
Jewelry engraver, $150.
Beer- wagon drivers, good pay.
Boy for electrical store, good pay.
Grocery clerk and driver, young man, $8.
Strong boy. ride bicycle, $17 50.
Other positions open. Call at office.
Office ooen Saturday until 6 p. m.
51 Third St., rooms 9-10.
AA— GEORGE DAVIS & CO.,
Employment Agency, 130 Sansoroe St., room 9.
Jewelry salesman, retail store, $100.
Champagne salesman, no experience neces-
sary, $80.
Liquor calesman. family liquor trade. $80.
Millinery salesman, city experienoe, $100.
Cigar salesman, behind counter, $60.
Order clerk and collector, $60.
Stenographer, $55. -
Printers' salesman, $15 week.
AT HORD & SMITH'S.
Contractors' AgentB, 95 Third. st
Young married man to take charge dairy, 8
cows; city; $40, with furnished rooms;
milk, butter, eggs and chickens free.
Cook, $11 and found, south.
Man for dyehouse, experienced, $15 to $20.
Solicit ore for tea and, coffee house; big in-
ducements.
A— AMERICAN EMPLOYMENT BUREAU,
642 Commercial st. Phone Bush 8.T3.
OREGON— FREE FARE— OREGON.
20 c(>al miners, big wages; Oregon.
Leverman dredger, $t!0 and found, cheap
fare.
DRAUGHTSMAN wanted for gas engine msnu.
facturing company; competent of doing ac-
curate work; need hot be capable of design-
ing; give references: good position for right
party. Address 3 D, box 1268, Call.
ANDRE'S office. 317 Stockton at. — German
cake-baker, $22 a week; Ice-cream maker,
who understands fancy work. etc.
WANTED — Men and women to learn the bar-
ber trade, under flrst-class In7»ructor; only 6
w-eeks required at GILLETTE SCHOOL, 611
Commercial st
WANTED— Foreman In beveling shop; one
who understands chlpolng. sand blasting and
silvering thoroughly. Apply box 1553, Call
office. Oakland.
A STRONG, reliable man for night janitor
wcrk in dry goods store: must have best
references and he able to furnish bonds. Ad-
ply box JS06, Call office.
BARBER shop In large camp, near city; no
opposition: free rent: cheap for cash; par-
ticulars. 1000 Powell.
WANTED— A man of means and ability to
handle first-class patent medicine. Apply
469 Hayes Bt.
CASn boys wanted. Apply at E. N. WOOD &
CO.'S. 740 Market et. :
BARBER for Saturday noon and Sunday S32U
Third tt. *
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 420
Eroadway.
GOOD barber wanted Saturday and Sunday
629 Union Bt
SOLICITORS wanted; a fine proposition; liber-'
el commission. 121 Geary st., room 320
' 1
EXPERIENCED plumbers', helper wanted. 67
Fourth st.
FOUR young • men for cruise to South Seas ' i
At HERMAN'S. '26 Steuart «t
EXPERIENCED dishwasher ' for small restau-
rant. 2SSS Market at; near Sixteenth.
BOOTBLACK wanted for barber I shop. 1062
McAllister st ■ -
BARBER shops bcught and aold at Coleroan's
Exchange; country shops a specialty. 70S
'Market st
BARBER shop In the Mission; old stand;. new-
ly .fitted: must be sold on account of othet
business. STOLTZ. ,723 .Market' st
WANTED— Men to fill 350 rooms at 20c per
night; clothes closets, hair mattresses, * elec-
tric light in every room. 631 Howard/ nr. 3d.
GET your shoes half-soled ' while waiting; ! 25c
to 60c. 571 Mission st. bet. 1st' and 2dsU..
or 11 Third st. Examiner building.
ENERGETIC, ' reliable men ■ as city and coun-
try agents; steady positions. ■.-■ 247 Fifth at .■ "
MUSICIANS to Join brass band. 328 Bush st.
third floor, room 4 ___________ '
THE SAN FRANCISCO. GALL, SATURDAY. DECEMBER 3, 1904.
HELP WANTED — MALE— ConttenXL
A — MURRAY & READY. 634-636 CLAY ST.
Phone Main 6848.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents. .
We gave 1904 we hope* to
60,000 men work In 1903. increase 60,000.
COAL MINERS.
OREGON FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
FREE FARE. OREGON. FREE FARE.
.26 25 25
Coal miners for a good mine In State of Ore-
gon ; by contract, yard and ton ; big wagea
can be made on this Job; inquire about it. .
COALMINES. OREGON. COALMINES.
FREE FARE. FREE FARE.
Cook and wife, mine, SO m,en, Nevada, $50 fd.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SAILMAKERS. '
4 sailmakers or sailors used to repairing
sails; $2 60 to $4 day.
11 farmhands, 4 milkers. 5 choremen, • boys.
COOKS AND WAITERS.
Porters, kitchen hands and dishwashers.
MURRAY & READY. 634-030 Clay St.
A— LOOK!
53H SPECIALS.
CONCENTRATOR.
, Man to run concentrator, gold mine, $75.
DRUG CLERK.
Registered drug clerk, city store, $65.
Jamos Kinsley stone mason, please report.
MURRAY A READY. C34-b3o Clay Bt.
SEWING machine operator, for sewing sails,
$2 50 day.
COAL MINERS.
10 coal miners. Oregon; free fare.
SHIP TO-DAY.
NEW AND GOOD.
Carpenter, sawmill, country, steady Job,
5 CO day.
Paper-hanger long. Job, country. ?3 day.
FLOUR- PACKER.
Flour Dacker, steady Job. Hour mill. $2 60
day.
CIRCULAR EAWYER. ■. '-
Circular sawyer, country mill, free fare,
$4 day.
BUTCHERS.
Butcher, country shop, no slaughtering,
140 and found. ■ • . .
Young butcher, country shop, $25 and found.
Young butcher, run order wagon,' $30 and f d.'
Bellboy, city hotel, $10 and fd; night watch-
man, city job, must have references, middle
aged.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
! HIGH GRADE POSITIONS OPEN.
If you are a competent man, .unemployed
or dissatisfied with your position, ' we can
place you. Investigate our plan of securing
positions In clerical, technical and mercantile
lines, paying from $1000 to $5000 year. In-
terviews strictly confidential. Offices and
representatives In many cities: Commercial-
Clearance Company, suite 415-16 Starr King
_bldg., 117 Geary st , ' ' -. '■■
MEN — The only original Moler Barber College
teaches barber trade in 8 weeks; -" wages
earned whjle learning. . *>*-»•
New quarters and new appliances. Q
Call or write for Illustrated . catalogue.
Moler Barber College, 649 Sacramento st
Lately moved from Clay st .
GOOD salary and expenses paid to an ener-
getlc man, ambitious and willing to work:
responsible, position; good references and
security required; splendid chance for the
right roan. Address P. O. box 271. Sacra-
mento. Cal.
WANTED — By a large soap manufacturer, 3
farmer's sens In each State, with riga, to
call on the country merchants; salary $100 a
month and expenses ana contract for one
year. Buffalo Chemical CO., Buffalo. N. Y.
A PLEASANT raced, fine appearing registered
physician and surgeon; must be quite gray,
but active; positively no other; no traveling;
salary $200 or more when well started: Call
at 25 Third at.
WANTED — A steady man .to travel and col-
lect: salary - And expenses; " small cash, se-
curity and references. . Address. Manager, P.
0 box 271. Sacramento. Cal. ■ ' ■ '
BARBERS — One of the best-paying chops, with
baths, in good coast town, at a bargain; call'
and. let us explain. DECK ELM AN BROS.,
lOti Ellis Bt. '. ,' . • ■■ . : . - . .;
BARKERS — 3-chair shop for sale; rent, light
and water (hot and cold); $1C 50; "■ Income
$200 month; price $350. MULLER & HALL.
928 Second st., Sacramento.
WANTED— Men to prepare for railway mall
and custom-house positions. Apply for free
catalogue. Pacific Correspondence Institute,
-Grant bldg., 1095 Market st. ; open evenings.
WANTED— rOne or- two. men, to learn a good
trade ;• steady work; paid ' while learning;
must have $25 security. Call at 618 Mer-
chant St., bet. Kearny and Montgomery.
WASTED — Laborers and mechanics to know -
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, has
added 100 new rooms to the Denver House,
217 Third St.; 250 rooms; 25c to 50c per night
TRY our men's shoes, union made; $1 and $1 50
pair; foot- form Bhoes, $2 50; we pay express
■ charges. 11 3d at. Exam, bid.; open till 9 p.m.
MEN to learn the detective business; paid
while learning. 997 Market st, room 104.
WANTED — Barber to buy a shop; cheap; four
living rooms. 1437 Mission st.
BARBER shop for sale, cheap, on account of
sickness. 172S Howard st.
4-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap: owner
going East. 218 Montgomery ave.
MEN, learn the barber trade; tuition free to
lucky one. 741 Howard st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen for all parts of
the world at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st
MEN wanted at 137 3d St.. where shoes are re-
paired by machinery: sewed soles 10 mln,. 75c
SAILORS and young men (green hands) for
ships. HALLBERT. 517 Jackson st
LABOR debts collected; suite, attachments.
Law and Adjustment Co.. 328 Montgy.. r.419.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls, r. 40, Pbelan bid.
Past Com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, Q. A. R.
WINCHESTER Hotel, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms; 35c night; reading rocma;
free. 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call branch office, cor. Duncan and Church sta.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 671 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
AUCTION sale horses, Livermore, Cal.; will
Bell 60 head of horses, weight from 900 .to
1250; will take place 10 a. m. t December 3,
1904. J. M. BARRY. Auctioneer. *
FOR sale — Six well matched young gentle work
horses from 1400 to 1600 pounds. 1443 Harri-
son St., between Tenth and Eleventh.
TWO-HORSE express wagon, one brood mare,
1 two-seated business buggy, . 1 buggy har-
ness. PHILBRICK, 449% Guerrero st.
THE quarterly bulletin of S. F. Veterinary Col.
' lege now ready; mailed free upon application
to DR. E. J. CREELY. Pres.. 610 Golden Gate.
FOR sale — 10 second-hand express wagons, one
single truck. 233 Beale at
FOR tale — 10 business wagons of all kinds at
half price. 1503-5 Folsom st -;
AUCTION sale of horses, wagons and harness
every Wednesday at -11 a. m. 327 Sixth st.'
WAGONETTES, surreys, buggies, wagons, bar.
ness, work & driving horses. 15th -Valencia.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list of houses to let; send for clr-
cular. Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 20 Montgomery
$45 — HOUSE. 10 rooms ; perfect condition ; g_a
and electric lights; front and - back - garden.
1625 Vallejo st, or apply 4 Montgomery ave.
! UNFURNISHED or partly furnished home;
Presidio Heights; 8 rooms an£ bath. Box
I 737. Call office. -. >
HOUSES FURNISHED— FOB SALE. .
FURXITURE and carpets, 6 rooms. 341 Eighth
ave.. Richmond District: cottage for rent.
Apply 9 to 12 and after 6 p. m.
FURNITURE and carpet*. 5 rooms; 341 Eighth
st; cottage for rent. Apply 9 to 12 and af-
ter 6 p. m. ' <•.._•. ■ ;;■-,..■■■
I FURNISHED house, 8 r. and bath; good. loca-',
1 tion: clears $.V. mo.: sell cheap. 313 Eddy.
1 — —
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE; C rooms; large basement; large
yard. 1915 Filbert et. • . ■ , ■ ! ,
FILBERT. 1225— Cottage of 7 rooms bath;
large garden: rent $22.
$16 — 5-ROOM cottage on Cottage row, nr. Web-
ster. bet. Sutter and Bush.. Inquire. No. 7.
HOTELS.
HOTEL BALTIMORE, 1015 Van N^flTTive.— •
Thla first-class -hotel, now being conducted "on
American plan, especially for families for the
season or year. - Location Is unsurpassed The
equipments ■ are all modern, with every con-
venience. - The rooms are large,', sunny 4 and
comfortable;- superb view;; furnishings are all
elegant. -Cuisine highest Order. H. C. SHAN-
NON, ' manager, formerly of -Hotel Lang-ham,
i'/N."T., - and Moana Hotel,' Honolulu.': ; .• IV
INVI^TMENTsT"^
RARE bargains — 100 American • Marconls, $4~
looo.lthoderlck Dhu. 2*c; all other. stock on
; similar ,.< terms. ~ - B. COWPER-THWA1TE
■ Stockton, Cal - ■ " *■ '
> INSTALLMENT^ jBglLPECrQ.^
buildingTconstruction company.
- Installment . homes. 512 Callaghan building,
will build on your property or buy you a lot;
$8 a month pays principal and Interest on
. - ; each $1000 of. balance . due, making your in-
•'« stallments 'less than rent; send for circular.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of - San Francisco in the
• name of SUSAN E. GALUCK. No. 284-962.
[ The finder will please return to bank. ■
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of LEOPOLD .RICHTER, No. 272-1233.
The fined will please return to bank.
LOST — Dull gold ' brooch, pink Forget-Me-Not
design, pearl setting; reward. Room - 62,
Columbian building.
LOST — White bulldog: one'black ear; answers
- to name of "Happy.' Return to-1103 Wash-
ington st, Oakland ; liberal . reward.
Lo'rt— Part of watch -'chain " and locket -on
Seventh st. ; return to 4XJ Seventh and re-
ceive liberal reward.
LOST — A passbook with the " Mutual Savings
Bank of San Francisco, No. 17W*; the finder
will olease return to bank.
LOST — Buckle and coin watch charm: liberal
reward. 007 Market st., room 112.
LOST — Lodge medal: name of owner on back.
.', H. BERNARD, 104 Seventh st. ; reward.
FOUND— A gold flag pin. with Initials G. H.
S. 88 Stanley place.
LAUNCHES FOB HUtB.
C. A. McNEaLL~l!XuNCH-C^,^oorof7ciay
.' st; for pleasure and business; tel.. Bush 634
: ■' ' ....
MATTSESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order; . renovated, ' disinfected (formaldehyde
process) ; excellent carpet cleaning. HTOPKB
BROS.. 1432-34 Howard- st; phone South 216.
. . MEDICAL. ~
LADIES who are In trouble or suffering from
any ailment peculiar to ; their sex can find
I immediate relief '• by consulting Dr. White,
, ' the. only .graduate physician in San Fran-
I V cIbco who has devoted a lifetime"' to helping
• women: "17 years' -experience without a fail-
ure has put him at the head. He guaran-
tees relief or no Day.
DR. WHITE. 702 Market st, rooms 7 and 8.
DRS. GOODWIN has returned from Europe:
. estab. : 1884 in S. F. ; 2ti years' experience;
female complaints only; Drs. Goodwin Is well
■ known to enjoy, the implicit -confidence of
ladlea suffering ■ from Irregularities or other
condltiona; relief assured or no charge; avoid
I delay; fee low; hours 2 -to * and 6:3ft to 8:30
' p. m. 850 Market st, second floor, room -37.
LADIES — Possibly • I'm not I the cheapest " nor
yet the oldest specialist here, but I AM a
RELIABLE graduate physician. ' When In
- trouble confide in me. Irregularities relieved;
the unfortunate helped; I. promise best at-
tention and no danger; I guarantee prompt
results or no charge. Room 1. Eat. 14 years.'
DR. E. G. WEST, office 305 Kearny gt.
MRS. DR.' KOHL, reliable specialist for all fe-
male troubles and irregularities; instant re-
lief guaranteed. IOOS14 Market st., opp. 5th.
MRS. DR. WYETH. specialist for all female I
complaints and Irregularities; Instant relief
guaranteed; 30 years' experience. 944 Post st
DR. G. W. O'DONNELL— All who are sick or
in trouble consult this specialist on -female
complaints; positively corrected;, the unfortu-
- nate ■ helped; the most difficult cases treated;
advice free. Office, 1018 Market st ' .
CANCERS; floating kidney, rectal, spinal dls-
" eases cured painlessly. MRS. ADA, 1024 Mis-'
Blon at .-, - . . .. -. , . '.. .' ...
TALBOT BARNARD, Australian Nerve SpeC-
' .lallst. has arrived: limited number patients
treated home; consultation free. 3221 21st st.
LADIES Buffering from' Irregularities, sick or,
in trouble, consult Dr. .Sylvester, 219 Kearny
[ «t; relief guaranteed; no drugs.no operations.-
MRS. DR. GWYER, 511A LeavenworuTst. be-
tween Geary and O'Farrell. Tel. East 697.
DR. and MRS. DAVIE8 and HINDOO HERBS;
original method' of treatment. 1128 Market
LADIES — Kumround: Bafe,* sure, never falls;
$2. Gleason-Ruggles Drug Co., Kearny & Clay.
■DR. ROSEN. reBldence.2095 Folsom st, corner
20th: lad lew., relief or.nb fee; $10. -■-:_. v
MISCELLANEOUS— FOB SALE.
<i'i\ D^E^^OUlTTiooF LEAK? ~
Have you a leaky tin, ' shingle, felt or Iron
root? Cover It with Mastic 'Roofing. It Is best
for old and new roofs, and for valleys, gutters,
dfccks, balconies, etc. Mastic Roof Paint and
-Roofing Cement will stop small leaks. Write
us about It: Elaterlte Roofing Co.,- 713 Market.
2D-HAND machinery, engine, 'boilers, pumps,
pulleys, shafting, etc., etc., bought, sold,
rented and exchanged; see Sunday papers.
H. S. WHITE MCHY. CO.. 130-132 Beale at.
BOILERS.' engines, 2d-hand machinery. 'McIN-
TOSH & WOLPMAN, 105-197 Fremont st.
AN elegant assortment of diamonds. Jewelry
and sealskins for sale on small weekly pay-
ments; goods delivered on first payment.
UNITED TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
A — BUYS, Bells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilerB, water pipe, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear Bt.
A— THE (P. J. Co.) California virgin gold
wedding rings for sale by the PORTLAND
JEWELRY CO.. 25 Stockton st.
FURS — Drummer will close out wholesale sam-
ple line; you save 50 to 100 per cent; after-
noons. 80b"Market St., room 50, Flood bldg.
A NEW Cadillac auto for sale; big reduction;
entirely equipped with extras. Box 17CS,
__Call office
FOR sale— 10-horsepower gasoline engine; In
perfect order; reasonable price. Inquire 549
Sycamore st, Oakland.
REPUTABLE JJlaee to rent gents' full dress.
Tuxedo or Prince Albert suits. J. COOPER,
21 Stockton st. (formerly at Palace Hotel.)
TRY our men's shoes at $1 and $1 SO pair;
foot-form shoes at $2 50; we* pay express
charges. - 11 3d st, Exam, bid.; catalog free.
DIAMONDS and Jewelry ' on small weekly or
monthly payments. DEREMER'S, 137 Mont-
gomery st. room 12, upstairs. '
ELEGANT walnut bank counter and grill;
/ bargain. MEEK; 909 Mission st
A VERY fine diamond sunburst broach; a
bargain; $225. 10 Sixth Bt
HIGHEST cash price paid for diamonds at
PAUL V. GARIN'S. 114 Sutter st.
STOVES disconnected and connected: $2 50;
plumbing ;gasfltng.4O9 McAllister ;tel.Mlnt3C56.
TOWET'S furniture polish removes spots and
Etalna;'free delivery. 370 Fell s t. >,
GAS engines," centrirugal pumps; highest grade;
lowest pHces. Price Pump Co., 623 Market st.
SAFES and cash- registers; new and second-
hand. 'I. FREEMAN." 1325 Market at.
2D-HAND bldg. material; lumber, door, sash,
plumb, material. The Dolan Co.. 1007 Market.
FULL line of drummers' samples In grips and
trunks; for sale cheap at 25 Stockton Bt.
AN elegant sealskin for sale for $75. SECUR-
ITY LOAN & TRUST CO., 21 Stockton st.
DESKS bcught. sold and exchanged. T. D.
McCarthy Co.. 807 Mission nt; tel. South 811.
MOVING pictures, magic lanterns, sale, rental;
bargains. ' Bullard & Breck. 131 Post at. L <
SAFES— New and. second-hand. THE HER-
MANN SAFE CO.. S07 Battery st.
GASOLINE engines, automobiles and launches;
all sizes. , J.-E. DOAK. ,46 Fremont st.
ROOMS, papered. 54 up: tinting, painting.
j Hartrnann Paint Co., 319 Third; tel. Main 413."
. MISCELLANEOUS WANT3.
AAAAAA— Buys any amount good'second-hand
-.clothing: special price for fancy ladles' and
men's clothes.. 022 Folsom; tel. Folsom 3522.
AAAAA— Highest prices for ladies', gents' cast-
off clothing. Tel.Da vis 8'-'5.- 6S0 Sacramento st.
CAL. HOUSE WRECKING . CO., NW. cor>
, Tenth 1 and ? Mission sts.V' pays highest price
for houses: clears ground 6n short notice. ~
WANTED — Fox terriers, young male and
, female. -7 NATHAN JOSEPH, 604 Merchant
; st. ; office - hours ' 10 to 1_ ; and 4 • to 6 p. , m.
DIAMONDS ■ and ' precious : stones bought ■, for
cash. KARL EBER' & : CO.. ; r: 405, v Adams
:.' bldg. .-'.• 206 Kearny ; Bt. ;_phone Black 3036. ?.
Levy & I Redler," highest price for gents', cast-off
clothing.' shoes; tel. Re,d 1544. 615 Washington
MUSICAL INSTBUMENTS.~~ '_ {
. A ■- Nin3fBER/ : OFTBARGAINS^N^LJPRli5HTS?
' - A small .upright, ; a snap. . .-.-.'. ■.-.*.• .;;... .-.-.$95
•„" . Stodart. 4 mahogany case.; fine condition/. .$135
5 Grovesteen ; & 'Fuller,- full size concert. .$U:>
' Fischer, thoroughly repaired.". .; . ; . ; : ... .$igo
Bechstein.i a high-grade German- inatru- -'- ■
ment { . . . ft . . i l i',JM^iWlll14».,..VV. ) . 1 . l » l l|W
Also " a 1 Chlckerinpr ,Vose,* ; Steinway, Weber,
Mason ?& ' Hamtln, : bterllng,'and many others.
Easy., payments. . BENJ. 1 " CURTAZ ■ & SON ' ■ 18
■O'Farrell st"/ : ■ ;.':: ' , ; ;'.;.;":'■ ; ■• ■,';:';"' F
FOR £ sale— Good 'J uprights piano; * fine condl-
tioa. DC1 Howard st, - tailor shop. .;.-• .' ; -...v (
MUSICAL INSraTJT|CTNTS— Cont-aned.
A GREAT opportunity— We are closing out
our ep tire Seattle stock in S. F. at prices
never heard of before; all makes; your
term* are our terms; rents $2 up; allowed If
purchased. HEINE PIANO CO..' 235-237
Geary st. S. F. ;: Oakland. ? 1252 Broadway.
PARTY must Bell large Steinway upright;
cost $700; price $2S5; will;accept payments;
no" reasonable cash offer refused. 237
■ Geary st. ' ■ - . - . . -. .
BEAUTIFUL new upright pianos for rent. $3
per month; one year's rental allowed if pur-
.. chased. . SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes st^
A SMALL Steinway' upright; cost $500; $153
takes It. 237 Geary st.
FISCHER upright: cost $350; will sell for $96.
{237 Geary st. .
FOR honest and fair dealing, Hornung Piano
House. 210 McAllister st^
ELEGANT uprights, new & 2d-hand,$45 to $500.
Pierre's Piano Factory, Market and 14th sta.
SOHMER, Byrcn Mauzy pianos, Cecellan piano
player. BYRON MAUZY, 308-312 Post st.
NEW upright pianos sold on $5 monthly pay-
ments. BCHM1TZ & CO.. 18 McAllister st ,
3-PEDAL Steinway up; Chlckering baby grand;
Ehonlnger, little used. Keefte's. 285 O'F-rreU.
TO LOAN. >
—'Manhattan' loan" company doc.)—
ANY AMOUNT TO LOAN
INTEREST 5^i AND 0 PER CENT....
CITY. OAKLAND TOWN AND COUNTRY
PROPERTY
, Second mortgages, life insurance policies, es-
tates in probate, undivided Interests in prop-
erty, prcbate realty loans, stocks and bonds,
legacies, and undivided Interests in property
purchased. ■
.MANHATTAN LOAN" COMPANY. ....
Suite 107-10S Crocker bldg.; phone Main 5924.
AAA— HERMAN ' MURPHY, * -' -_■> *•
- ; C01-60--603 Examiner building.
Quick settlements; ■ no disappointments.- .
Save expenses by dealing directly.
Estate, second mortgages, undivided Inter-
ests, assignments of rents, ■ property in trust,
'.etc.; legacies, life estaus and undivided In-
' tf rests in property. purchased.- '.-;
Courteous treatment. Strictly confidential.
When You Need Money,
See HERMAN MURPHY. ■'■ .
. ' "■•-■■" WILL LOAN :---':"■.■
A reasonable 'amount J on
; 1st. 2d or 3d
-'. ' Mortgage, on . real estate,
, . ■ In city, town ' or • country. ;
. ;■ ' { . Low rate ; of Interest'
. , ,' Give 'full -particulars '
' of • property,
. . ;•-. Location, etc. ' . -
: ■ Box 223. Call office. '
A— THE Portland Jewelry Co., 25 Stockton st,
loans- money on diamonds, valuables, etc., at
2 per cent per month; fire and burglar-proof
safe; deposit vault on premises for tree use
of customers. ' '
SALARY LOANS—
Money Moaned salaried people without secur-
1 lty or indorsement, knowledge of employer or
; any one; confidential and courteous treatment:
■ call and get terms. Drake. 453 Parrott bid.
A— ON furniture 'or pianos at lowest rates; no
removal; no publicity; also on real estate;
1st or 2d mortgages or on any security; any
amount O. W. BECKER, 36 Geary, room 36.
HIGHLY . respectable private place to ■ obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry, at 2
per cent Interest. Baldwin Jewelry Store,
'J06 Market; tel. Main 1044. Branch 19 Third.
MONEY loaned to salaried people, retail mer-
chants, - teamsters, boarding-houses, without
security; easy payments; large business In 443
principal cities. TOLM AN, • 653 Parrott bldg.
ON salaries, Insurance policies, chattel * mort-
. gages, • diamonds valuables, etc. UNITED
, LOAN, AND TRUST CO.. 21 Stockton st.
j near Market. ; • - . :■ ■ .-•■';■■ .
TO salaried people without security; on furni-
ture. Indorsed . notes and other security. S.
F. Discount Agency, 125-127 Phelan bldg.
PRIVATE— Money loaned on salaries . without
security;' diamond? or chattels; no- fee; no
com.; cut rate. Cal. Loan Co. .523 Parrott bid.
1 PER cent on furniture or pianos: no removal;
no commission; no publicity; $25 up; quick,
private, j confidential. 26 Montgomery, rm. 21.
MONEY to loan at low Interest; gold, silver,
.diamonds, pearls and precious stones bought
at W. J. HESTHAL'S. 10 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned in sums from $10 upward; rea-
sonable interest. A.- O. Colton, 717 Mills bid.
MONEY loaned on diamonds, watches, jewelry:
confd Diamond Parlor Jewelry Co., 722 Mkt.
TO salaried people without security. The White
Co., 420 California st.. rocms 14 and 15.
DON'T borrow money on salary until you see
us. Hutton Credit Co., U12 Mutual Bank bldg.
STAR Loan' Co. of Wyoming loans to salaried
employes. Room 311, Mutual Sav. Bk. bMg.
ALL loans on diamonds & jewelry at 2 per cent
mo. S. F. Collateral Loan Bank. 538 Kearny.
3% ON furniture & pianos; $15 up; no removal;
no com. V. . TREMAIN, room SI.. 6 Eddy st
CASH loaned salaried people on notes without
lndorser. MORRELL. 600 Examiner building.
;.:"._ MONEY WANTED.
WANTED — $2700; first mortgage country prop-
erty; splendid security: ~Vj per cent Interest;
principals only. Box 15SS, Call office.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO let — Store and 3 rooms at 3404 Mission
st. Apply at 7 Thirtieth st.
MARKET, 71ft— Front suite of rooms for of-
flces: central location. / ■■ "
PEBSONALS.
A^WO^D'^O^TilETADIESr'"
Call and investigate MME. GILLING-
HAM'S wonderful work of art; two ladles
can be seen (one aged 72 years) at her office
daily. Whygo through life with a wrinkled,
sallow ' sunken and flabby face when a sci-
entific" treatment can change you to youth
and beauty? Mme. GUUngham stands at the
head of her profession; she has no equal. .
Call and be convinced.
Office, 143 Stockton at., corner Geary.
A — A GREAT reduction for thla month only;
It Is between seasons; a special reduced rate
., en prices made from Sept. - 1 to Nov. . 1 for
wrinkles, bagglness, pittlngs and. freckles:
from this date I will be In my office from
10 to 5 dally; will examine your face per-
sonally. M. ELLA HARRIS, Beautyder-
mlst. \ 128 Geary st '
"REXRADIO'S" WEEKLY BULLETIN IN
THIS COLUMN (SUNDAY) WILL GREAT-
LY INTEREST YOU. Office hours 2 to 7.
PUBLIC (free) ■ healing SUNDAY, 2 and 8
p. m. Bring the SICK POOR. Radium Hall,
.1 Fourth st, corner Market
THE Star Hair Remedy restores gray hair. Im-
proves Its growth.stops falling, cures dandruff
and Itching scalp: no stain or stickiness;
cleanses gcalp;at druggists', hairdressers' ; ac-
cept no substitute. Star Remedy Co.. 1338 Polk.
OXYGEN masrage cures weakness and nervous
troubleB. Office. 320 Starr King bldg. 12t
Geary Bt. MRS. HOLSHOUSER. magnetic
specialist; ladles and gentlemen.
DETECTIVE, expert ■ In all branches, civil or
criminal,' late of New: York City, wants en-
gagement: best of references furnished. Box
1540. Call office. ' ■ -- .
FANCY and silk dresses carefully washed.
JAPANESE FAVORITE LAUNDRY, estab.
1699. : 2122 Fltlmore St.: phone Geary 2053.
AT- lessVthan cost; uncalled for suits.' overcoats
and 'trousers at CHARLES LYONS'. London
Tailor.; 721" Market et.
YOU. can buy $75 worth of furniture -for $7 30
down and $1 50 per week. r T. BRILLIANT
" FURNITURE CO.. 340 Post tt.: near Powell.
DETECTIVE— Private detective: all* classes le-
gltimate work promptly attended to. HARRY
ROGERS, 810 O'Farrell. Phone Sutter. 2634.
C E JEWETT, purchasing "agent:- country
orders. 305 Larkin. r. 49. teL South 310. '
SUTTSTto order on Installments of $1 per week.
. NEUHAUS : CO.. the tailors. 720 Market St.
EASY Installments for Men and .-Youths, r Suits
to order. , Co-operative • Tailoring, 1117; Mkt.
$1 a weekTsults to order $15 up. LEMOS/ 1127
Market ;st.. bet., Seventh and Eighth.
ONE 'dollar weekly keeps I you in. fine clothing.
Art Tailoring. JC44 Mkt. under St. Nicholas.
ELEGANT suits to order.' extra pants or fancy
1 vests.' for $14 75. Fred Wagner. 850 Market.
Superfluous ha(r removed: ' electric needle. ; Mrs.
Eaton.369 : Sutter. : Miss Eaton. 2.13 Geary.r.38. •
TAILOR-MADE suit $7 50; : dress pants $2 60.
.' Misfit j Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush ; and : Dupont I
MASQUERADE . ' costumes, play ' books,", wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
j ALFREDUM'S | Egyptian .Henna" restores , gray I
-hair to Its nautral color. Jl at all druggists*.
; '■' ;" '; : patents. ; . ' .". ;
INVENTIONS patented. F. P.- MEDINA, at-
torney-at-la w. 6 Hohart bldg., K2 Market st
PUBCHASINO AGENCIES." V
J CLARA"; E. ; JEWETT, V purchasing agent; coun-
try orders a specialty; correspondence solicit-
ed. 305 Larkin St.- room 4<J; tel.- South' 319. (
BEAL ESTATE— -CTTT—FOB SALE.
" THOMAS MAGEE * SONs[
Real Estate Agents and Publishers of San
Francisco Real Estate Circular.
6 Montgomery st
IN-TOWN PROPERTIES.
$12,000 — 30 feet front: right in town; on Pine
St.; offer lnvited %
$12,500— Over 37 feet front: near Pine and
Hyde sts.; temporary frame Improve-
ments now pay $62 a month; this could
be . made to pay better, or, by improv-
ing the property, would pay a steady in-
come. > '-
$12.500— Jessie St.. running Into north side of
Mission; good three-story frame building
of 25 rooms, paying $70 a month now;
xjshould pay better income; has the ad-
vantage of belni rear to Mlsslon-st
$13,400 — Near Fairmont Hotel; 2 frontages.
$15,000 — Corner Second and Mission sts.; over
100 feet of frontage; if improved . with
brick buildings rellablee tenant could
easily be secured.
$15,000 — Drumm-st. corner; over 50 feet front;
old frame buildings, which pay a tem-
porary income of $50 a month.
$15,000 — Near Geary and Leavenworth sts.; 25
feet front; fair 3-story building on it,
now paying $80 a month.
$16.000— Polk- st corner; 40 feet frontage; *
buildings.
$17,000 — Near Clay and Leavenworth sts.; al-
most 70 feet front by full depth; large
building on It now, which will pay $90 a
month.j
$17,000— Fourth rt., not far from Mission;
frame buildings on It which pay $75 a
month steadily; a fine prospective buy.
$18,000 — Rents $1200 a year; under 5 years*
lease to thoroughly responsible business.
» concern in manufacturing district; large
mortgage may. remain; no taxes or re-
pairs to pay; | not a safer buy for In-
come In the market
$18.000— Over 40 feet {rent by large depth; near
California and Hyde sts.; good 2-story
residence of 10 rooms, 2 baths, laundry.
etc.; In perfect order: ''the most of this
value Is in the lot, which could be im-
proved and be a fine Income paying prop-
erty.
$20,000 — Large piece of nearly 0500 square feet;
In wholesale district; on a level to the
wharves.
$20,000 — Near Bush and Powell sts.. running to
rear street; large building, all In perfect
:•.-.•■.; order, on It; under secured 6 years'
lease, paying 8 per cent; we wish to call
buyers' attention to this Immediately.
$27,500— Extra large piece of over 70 feet front
by full depth; on one of the main
streets, north of Sutter and not far from
Taylor: excellent site for high-class
flats, family hotel, or apartment house.
$30.000— Over 100 feet front by full depth; on
Pacific ave., near Van Ness; large resi-
dence on It now. which could rent for
$75 a month; should be Improved to suit
locality.
$30,000— Corner almost 70 feet square. In the
manufacturing district, on a level with
Market st
$31". -N) — 50x137:6; near Leavenworth and
TFarrell sts. ; temporary improvements
on it now, which pay fair Income; could
be improved now or later and would
. pay very good return. '
$35,000^ — 50x120 to rear street; close to Geary
and Larkin sts. ; 2 fair buildings en it
now, which would pay a fair income un-
■ til property Is Improved.
Buyers should secure these In-town pieces,
■with old Improvements, while the prices are
reasonable, and build later If they wish to.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS.
5 MONTGOMERY ST.
ONLY A FEW LEFT.
$1 25 PER WEEK. -
NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
$200 for choice lots. Excelsior Homestead
Tract; level as a billiard table; on grade;
close to fine school and Mlssion-st electric
cars: bound to double in value.
$400 each, on Installments of $10 per month;
no taxes; fine lots, near Ocean boulevard:
best residence location south of Golden Gate
Park; these are the cheapest lots In this dis-
trict; advancing in price rapidly.
W. J. WHITE,
26 Montgomery st, r. 8. Phone Main 5704.
BEAUTIFUL new cottage. 5 rooms, bath and
large basement: everything the very latest:
finest pnrt of the Mission: good school and
cars within two blocks; north side of 22d st.
near Douglass: price $2S.V): easy terms.
Owner on premises or 320 Bush at , ;
$2000— CORNER lot 100x115: Se ward and
Douglass sts. ?17.">0 — Corner lot, 51:6x110:
Hill and Noe sts. $1000 — Corner. 2 lots. San-
chez and Palmer sta. Send for our monthly
circular. D. COFFIN, 2528 Mission st.
near Twenty-first
NEW. sunny flats, $7000; half cash: Golden
Gate ave.. near Central ave.; 5 and 8 rooms,
bath: attics: 2 basements: rooms tinted and
frescoed; open dally; street work complete.
MODERN cottages on terms; same -as rent
Apply owner, lumber yard. ' corner Army
and Condon sts. -
CHEAP. cottage: new, street work complete;
basement, - attic. 4380 Mission; easy terms.
$9500— INCOME $1020; tax ■ paid; 4 flats, 3
blocks from Market st 1517 Market st
HOUSES built cheap; clans free: easy pay-
ments. Room -Mi, Parrott bid*.
STANDARD portable shower baths sold by
Ahlbach & Mayer, plumber*. S3n Howard »t.
SEAL ESTATE— COUNTBT— ?or Sale.
$5000— 80 ACRES of land, all under cultiva-
tion, with improvements, in orchard section
of Sutter County; only tbre« miles from
county seat and on line of new irrigation
ditch.
A snap if taken soon, but will not keep.'
\ M. J. NEWKOM.
406 Second at. Marysvllle. Cal.
$27.000— 210 ACRES. 2 MILES FROM ST.
Helena; most highly Improved land; 64 acres,
resistant, full bearing vineyard: homes fine
modern buildings (complete like city homes),
with gas plant hot and cold runnine water;
telephone; splendid under ground sewer sys-
tem ;' latest patent plumbing, etc., with fine
redwood park and valuable water rights.
This is' one of the most complete country
homes In California. For particulars call at
1115 Broadway, Oakland, rc*m Its, to owner.
DR. R.E. BAUSKE.
SALE or exchange for city property; sacrifice;
153 acres, Napa Co.; 60 acres In cultivation;
fruit, vln-»s ■ and grain: ; fully equipped and
paying;' beautiful - place;. .gentleman's home.
SHADBURNE. 405 Montgomery Bt ■■
•~~~. ATTENTION. HOMESEEKERS!
Send postal ', for catalogues of the best land
bargains In California. CM. WOOSTER CO.
64S Market. st.
CONTRA , Costa County real estate for sale.
Send for list D. J. WEST. Martinet. Cal.
SAW MATIO BEAL EST-Tll.
LOMITA PARK — On line of San Mateo 'electric
cars, 45 minutes from Fifth and Market sis. ;
. outside the fog belt and Just beyond . where
the S. P. Co.'b bay shore "cut-off" will Join
the main line; 60-foot lots from $400 up.
terms from $10 to $50 down and balance, at
rate of $10 a month; sewer and water pipes
In ' front of . every " lot: pure artesian well
water; over one-half ' lots sold since - August
. 1; an exceptional opportunity to secure a lot
In" this desirable section: . take the electric
cars and get off at "LOMITA PARK" and
Investigate; maps sent on application. . -'"■
SEI-BY. RODGERS & CO..
116 California, ft: Tel. Main 673.
POINT BXCKMOND BEAL { ESTATE.
ELEGANT . corner : lot. 55x1 10. ; for • sale. ' See
owner. 817A* Dolores st
BEAL ESTATH TO E-ECfeANOB.
1C0 ACRES of good level land In Lake County,
near Kelseyville. to exchange for Oakland.
Berkeley or Alameda property. P. C. LA9-
SEN & CO.. 460 10th St.. Oakland. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVEBTW*r3
AT.ATVrRT)A BEAL ESTATB.
LARGE lot. 155 feet deep; any frontage; 910
per front foot; $50 cash and $10 per month.
Call at Railroad ave. and 5th st. and »<?• J.
H. YOUNG, owner, and do business.
WANTED— Lets tn Alameda suitable for sub-
division; give size, location and lowest cash
price; west of Park, south of Railroad ava. ;
owners only. Box 154S. Call office. Oakland.
BERKELEY ADVERT'S'STS
ESTATE.
—$3500—
A CHOICE home- on Delaware st. Berkeley; 9
rooms and bath: lot 40x133; new and modern;
sunny exposure; fine view; easy terms of
payment if desired; no trouble to show prop-
erty.
REALTY BPTTDS AND FINANCE OCX O-OJw
1172 Broadway, corner Fourteenth ■_,
Oakland.
FOR aale^ — New 8- room hou»«. finery furnished:
4 blocks from university; handy to the cars;
swell neighborhood; must be sold; price re-
duced from $4T50 to $t250; one- half cash, bal.
ance same as rent; this 1» a bargain. Se«
owner. 2534 Regent st. Berkeley.
BOOMS AND BOABP.
WILSON'S Inn, 2144 University ave.— A fine,
modern house; central location. A. H. WIL-
SON.
OAKLAND ADYERrSlTTS
OFFICE, 1016 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND BEAL ESTATE.
WE have clients looking for Investment* la
Oakland property. If you havs either house*
or lots for sals call at our office or mall _»
full description and price.
C. E. REED.
4C8 Eleventh st. Oakland, •
BARGAIN — Beautiful 7-r home tn Piedmont;
fln» neighborhood; good location; near car
line: will sell cheap: must be seen to be ap-
preciated. Apply to E. MORRIS. «75 36th Bt
FURNITURE of 6-room flat for sale; flat for
rent cheap on account of going away. 33 1
10th st. Oakland.
OAKLAND BOOMS TO LET.
ONE or 2 large clean sunny room*, singly or
for housekeeping. 615 Fifteenth 'st
OAKLAND rU Kg 1TUBE FOB SALE.
TO-MORROW the day for bargains la furni-
ture. H. Schelhaas. 11th st.cor.store.Oakl— o_
San Francisco Advertisem'te
'£ BOOMS FOB HO7JSXEEPINO. _
BRYANT, 421—2 sunny rooms, nicely furnished
for housekeeping: gas.
BUSH, 855 — Large handsome parlors, kitchen
fur. complete; rent low; nr. business center.
DIAMOND, 819— Two rear rooms; furnished.
$7; unfurnished, $5.
EDDY. 702 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms.
ELLIS. 60S — 2 large parlors for housekeeping;
gas range; running water; also other rooms.
FIFTH, 35.1 — Three furnished housekeeping
rooms, $15; 2 fur. hkpg, $13 SO; single. $6.
FILLMORE. 3322A — Three sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; rent $16.
GEARY, 12_5 — Fine front, sunny, bay-window
suite:- all conveniences; location, of the best;
marine view: terms reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE. 337 — Newly furnished rooms;
hot and cold water; gas range; bath.
GOLDEN GATE. 631 — Single rooms; furnished
for housekeeping.
HAIGHT, 213— Nicely fur. rooms, hkpg.: with
or without large stable: all conveniences.
HOWARD. 158S — Housekeeping rooms, with gas
range; bath; phone; also single room.
HOWARD. 1703 — 2 fur. housekeeping rooms;
running water; gas range; bath, etc.
KENILWORTH. cor. Bush and Powell— Three-
ream sunny apartments; steam heat; cen. to-,
KNICKERBOCKER Apartments, 1340 Pine-^
Sunny furnished 3-room suites; steam heated.
1 lee trie lighted: free baths; rates reasonable.
McALLISTER, 792^ — Two larfre sunny front
rooms for housekeeping; also regular kitchen
and bedroom; coal range, laundry, yard.
MINNA. 540— Furnished rooms, complete for
housekeeping.
MISSION, 1130 — Front room: no objections to
light housekeeping; rent $2.
OAK. 117 — Complete for housekeeping, S3 to
$12; gas range: hot bath: adults.
STEVENSON. 255—2 housekeeping rooms, com-
plete; wood free; $1 73 week; single room,
#1 week. ■
SEVENTEENTH. 3228— Three large housekaep^
Ing rocms: cook stove, bath. sink, station-
ary tubs; $12 SO.
SUTTX^R, 190* 1 — 2 unfur. : gas range already set
up: low rent to permanent tenant*
THIRD. 308 — Nice housekeeping rooms; good
location ; very reasonable.
OAK, 407 — $4 per month: rooms for worklns-
men; clean and sunny.
.—____—-_—___-——__—__—-—-—___. __«____■■__-_ _»_«
VAN NESS ave.^ 3019 — Upper floor, unfur-
nished: every convenience: adults: $1* -
BOOMS TO LET — Fnra. and TJnfura.
A~fk_NsT^orI"Thlrd st and^Park lan«— N»w
brick building: all sunny rocms: hot and colU
water; electric lights; only flrst-class bouaa
In locality; rooms $1 50 week and up.
A— BRUNSWICK House. 148 Sixth st.— Room*
25c to $1 per night. $1 23 to $5 per week an4
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT "The Almonte." 873 Market st. (or No. I
Fifth st.) — Rooms. 25c, 50c. $1, $1 5O night:
$1 50 to $10 week; bouse open all night
BELMOND House; over Owl drug store; 2 en-
trances. 1126 Market and 21 Turk— Electric
lights; running water In every room; 200>
rooms; 23c, to 50c per night; $1 25 to $3 week.
_____——_———___—————————————-———————————
BROADWAY, 105O— Front room to let.
DUBOCE ave.. 111. cor. Valencia and 13th— •
Sunny front room for two gentlemen.
EDDY. 432 — Fine sunny furnished rooms; fln»
location; reasonable.
EDDY. 804 — Nice . single room; also house-
keeping rooms to let '
EDDY. 12Z4 — A Urge room, suitable for tw->
- gentlemen: hot baths: modern house; $3 per
month. v
ELLIS. 1101. cor. Oouerh — Private family; large
sunny rooms; also, housekeeping rooms.
FILLMORE, 2_08— 5 center rooms, bath; sun-
able for dressmaking.
FOLSOM. 834 — Two sunny single rooms; closet
and bath. ..
FOUR unfurnished rooms, rent $5 month. In-
} quire at 197A Shipley st.
GRAND Southern. 7th and Mission — Rooms- 334
to $1 25 night; $1 50 to $8 wk. ; reading-room.
GEARY. 610— Nice rooms: single or double.
■
HOWARD. 715 — Furnished rooms, single op
double; central location.
HOWARD. «M0 — Sunny front room: grate; $2 23
week; other rooms., $4 5O month up.
JACKSON. 1174 — Newly furnished nunny suite,
also single room; reasonable; marine view;
walklnr distance^
JACKSON. 1442— Sunny f_ral*ned rooms; pri-
vate family: references.
JESSIE, 323— Large front parlor: gas range;
water: $3 to $3 75 week; central. ■■■J
KEARNY, 41S — Nice, front, snnny rooms) at
T$2 50 per week; $10 per month.
LINDEN ave.. 373 — Unfurnished rooma to let
MARKET. 1049 (The Falmouth) — Sunny rooms;
' $2 50 to $7 week; batns: elevator.
MASON. 505 — Nicely tnrnlshed room*.
Continued on . Page Fourteen.
1314
tOOUS TO LET — ram. and XT—Turn, i
METROPOLITAN Hotel. 129 Third st.— 400
•ingle and family rooms S5c to $1 50 per day.
tC to JS per week: the only new and modern
hotel and rooming-house in San Francisco
that hss office on ground floor, hct and coia
vaier. electric lights, call bells, steam heat
in «t»d- room ond gives free baths and ele-
vator service day and night to Its guests.
MISSION. 4547. near China ave.— Three nicely
turnlihed sunny rooms to let cheap.
MARKET. 1104 — Furnished rooms to let.
OFARRELL. 536— Single room; neatly fur-
niehed; quiet block, near business center.
PAGE. 20— Neat room, private house. $6.
p^Qi; 502 Nice, all outside rooms; running
water; bath; new; private family.
PHILADELPHIA HOUSE. 205 Perry St.. nr.
Fourth— Nicely furnished front rooms, 51 23
to ?2 p>r week.
PIjTe 1920 Newly furnished room: very sun-
ny: phone, iras. bath, running water.
POWELL, 19— Elegantly furnished room to let.
day. week or month.
IOWELL. 7«2— Nicely furnished sunny bay-
wlnd.iw rooms, single or en suite; reasonable.
ROTAL HOl'SE. 120 Ellis— Incandescent tights; j
reading-room, snicking -room and ladles' par- j
lor; rocms per night. 35c to $1 50; week. J2 j
' to K: month. fS to $30; elevator on ground j
floor: rooms with hot and cold water; baths, t
SACRAMENTO. 1B14 — 1 or 2 desirable rooms, j
also !arg» sunny front parlor; piano; phone
Lar— n 2025.
EIXTH. 221 — Nlealy furnished single front
room. b*th Included. $2 per week.
STOCKTON, 607 — Bunny rront room; quiet lo-
cality: close !n; suitable for two.
TEHAilA, 321— Front room, suitable for 2. $3;
for one, $2.
THE ST. KATHRYN. CORNER ELLIS AND
LEAVENWORTH STS,— POSITIVELY THD
SUNNIEST ROOMS IN THE CITY: NEW
RANITARY HAIR MATTRESSES. BATHS.
ELECT RC LIGHTS. TELEPHONE SERV-
ICE HOT AND COLD WATER: EVERY
MODERN CONVENIENCE: ELEVATOR
ALL HOUR3; ROOMS FROM $3 WEEK.
THE LARCHMONT, 361 Sutter— New man-
ai«*_*nt; new bid*.; finely furnished, with
hot and cold water, steam heat and baths;
flne location and reasonable rates.
UNITED STATES. 123 Eddy. nr. Market— 400
roonv 35c to $1 Right. $1 75 to $6 week; elec-
tric lights (no gas), running water In every
room; elevator, read. -room; free bus; baggage.
WINCH E*TE7l Hotel. 44 Sd St.. nr. Market—
Most convenient and respectable; 700 rooms;
S.V lo «: Vi nlrhtly; 12 to JS week; elevator:
•lee. lights: reading-room; free bus; baggage.
A BRANCH office of The Call for the recep-
tion cf advertisements and subscriptions has
been cpened at 1008 Market St.. opposite
' Fifth. Open until 11 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS, subscriptions received at
Call Branch office, cor. Duncan & Church sts.
' -^ BOOMS AinJBOAJjUB^
HOTEL L'AltiLON. 501 Geary st. — Large
sunny rooms, board: suites, with board for 2.
$50 rao.: single, with board, $25 up; special
family rates; just renovated.
COMORA (The>. 621 OTsrrell— Quiet, home-
like: excellent service; wirn rooms and
halls; best table.
POLK. 689 — Very large elegant sunny room*,
single and suite: furnished, unfurnished;
extra table beard.
GOLD_N~GATE ave.. 1031. near J«Cerson
Park — Sunny furnished rooms, bath; private
house: (rood board: $22; two, $35 month.
"O'KARRKLL. 5S3 — Nicely fur. rms. and board;
. German home cryjklnj?: phone Larkin 3670.
ELLIS. 4J3 — Nice furnished rooms, with good
French table board.
CALIFORNIA, 807— Best rooms, table and
eervlce m the city for the least money.
HAIGHT. 21S— Furnished room for gentlemen,
w ith or without board.
HAIGHT. ."-"2 — Large sunny suite; running
water: prrate: second 3oor: corner house.
"ROOMS with board. 1161 Turk st. . ; -"
ROOM and board for ladies: reasonable. 3646
Sixteenth rt.. eff Market.
FUNNY front rvorr.5. beard; parlor, piano,
rhone. 83O Van Ness ave.
aocars ahd boabd wa_t_p.
■WANTED — Room and board for young girl. 16.
n«-ar Cal. Women' g Hospitals* Box 15S5. Call.
BOARD or rccm in exchange for first-class
town lot. Box 12*4. Call office.
BOOKS JSTABTTED.
WANTr.D-In re?pectabl«. quiet neighborhood.
I 2 unfurclsh«-d. nice rooms and kitchen for
V elCeriy opuple: $10 to $12; best references.
IV^x 1724. Call.
Koornro.
ROOFS, sidewalks and cellar floors laid, re-
' peired; lew prices: work guaranteed. Chicago
Roofing Co.. F. Herrmann, ro'gr. 606 2d st.
till W I~O _MACgIgrXjS_ jAjTO. S IT PPLIE S .
THE White Is r.ir.e of cem-ing machines; runs
■ llfhtest: sews fastest; wears longest; makes
both lock and automatic stitch; If you wish
' . to buy or rent a sewing machine and want
the best en earth, visit the new retail office
of the White, 915 Market st.
ALL _akes; Sd hsnd. $2. $5. $7. $9; new,$4, $8;
crop beads, & drawer, golden oak, $15; rented,
repaired ; lowest rates. National Automatic
e. _. Co.. 145 Sixth St.; tel. Jessie 379«.
tOMESTIC— The machine for family use: best
is cheapest; second-hand all makes at any
price: _1 klr>r rented lowest rates. Domes-
tic office. Ill Market st.. near Sixth.
ALL kinds second-hand $3, $5. $8; slightly
used $10 $12. $20; you know where the doll*
swing In the window. lOil Market tt
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran.
• teed. CHAS PLAMBECK. 1915 Mission «t.
TYPEWRITERS AXTD SUPPLIES.
AN exceptionally good No. 2 Remington. No. 1
• Smith Premier. $25; other typewriters at
higher snd lower prices; rentals $2 50. The
lypewrtter Exchange. 536 California st.
2D-HAND typewriters sold, rented, repaired.
Webster Typewriting Inspec. Co.. SOS Market.
DIVIDEND KOTICES.
OTV1DUND notice — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. : A dividend. No. 72. of fifty
. cents « 50c) per Fhare on the lfnucd capital
rtcW of the company has been declared, pay-
able st the office of the company, rooms 202,
2b* and 206 Hayward bid)?.. Ean Francisco.
• oo December 10. 1W>4. Transfer books close
December 3. 1&Q4. at noon. C. C Qulnn. Sec
_I PEOPOSAL3.
PROPOSALS — Bids wanted — Notice is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be re-
ceived by the Board of Directors of the
"Veteran*' Home cf California, at Its office.
Room 13. Sansome st., San Francisco.
California, up to 11 o'clock a. m., Satur-
day. December 3. 1904. and opened immedi-
ately thereafter In the presence of bidders,
* • r furnishing and delivering quartermaster
end commissary supplies, etc., for the Vet-
erans' Home, ,Na;* County, California
(railroad station. Yountvllle, f. o. b.) for
six months, commencing January 1. 1905.
- and ending June 30. J!«o5. Schedule* with
. Information and instructions for submitting
bids will be furnished upon application by
tl e underzigned. Bidders will carefully fol-
low the conditions cf the schedules, and no
■'. tld will be considered unlet* It is tn ac-
cordanc* with such schedules. Bids must
|be made on samples submitted whenever
- called for In the schedule. Each bidder must
accompany bis bid with a certified check
. upon toror well known and responsible
"-banking honse for at least 10 per cent, of
' the amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
. Klr.r.f. Treasurer, conditioned that the bid-
oer will enter Into a good and valid con-
trsct upoa notice of acceptance, as required
by law. The Board reserves the right
- to reject any or sll bids and to order any
quentlty over or uader the amount specified.
Preference will be given to goods manufac-
tured or produced tn this State, price, fit-
ness and quality being equal, under the pro-
visions of Section 2247 of the Political Code.
Address John F. Eneebsn. Secretary of the
Beard of Directors of the Veterans' Home
cf California. Room 13, 320 Sansome st. Saa
Francisco. California. By order of the Board
of Directors. JOHN F. SHEEHAN. Secre-
- tsxy.
BALE of Government Property— Office Depot
Quartermaster. 38 New Montgomery st.. San
.Francisco. Cal.. Dec. I. 1UO4. — Sealed prepew-
* ale, in triplicate, will be received at this of-
fice until 10 o'clock a. m., Tuesday, Decem-
ber 20. 1I«O4, end then opened, for the pur-
chase of damaged khaki clothing:, viz: 122.6C6
coats. 1CS.049 trousers -(foot). 1112 trousers
(mounted), samples of which can be seen at
* this depot. Further Information and blank
proposals will be f ur&lsned on application.
Envelope* containing proposals should be
marked "Proposals for Khaki Clothing." to
be opened December 20. 1904. and addressed
to MAJOR C. A. DEVOL. Q. M.. U. S. A., i
Depct Quarterrr-aster.
$20 .CCO MUNICIPAL water works bonds, town
of Wbeatland for sale, nntaxabie. bearing 5 i
per c»rt interest; rertal 40 yeans; bids will
be receive* up to Monday. Dec. 8. 1&04. cer-
tified cheek of 10 per cent to accompany bid.'
For Irrormatlon address R. N. __ T RPHY, I
Tows Clerk. Wneatland. Cal. '
i FHTSICIAUS AlfD STT_G_OKS.
' DR C C. O'DONNELL — Office and residence.
1021 >,4 Market St.. bet. 6th and 7th: particu-
lar attention paid to diseases of women.
' BLOOD, ekln and rectal diseases a specialty.
DR. BALL. 1073% Market ct '
REMOVED — DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor,
treats all diseases of the human body: for
past four years at 115-117 Mason St., now lo-
cated at 6t>7 Geary St.. near Leavenworth.
WONG WOO. the famous herb doctor" — AH dis-
eases cured by Chinese herbs. 746-8 Clay st.
CATARRH. DEAFNESS and NOISES In EARS
positively cured; new methods; 1 week's
treatment free. Dr. Cottingham. 204 Sutter.
STORAGE A2CD WAR—SOUSES.
EMPORIUM Storage _ Van Co.: furniture.
bourehold jroods stored, moved, shipped. 725-
731 Howard st.. nr. Third: phone Grant 161.
CAPITAL Van and Storage Co.. 3 Eddy st.:
phone Mint 2041; JOHN F. COOPER, pres.;
fun.ltur* moved, packed, shipped and stored.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage & Moving Co.. of-
flce Po*t-and P<-well sts.: tel. Prl. Ex. 571.
PACIFIC Ftoraprr and Furniture Movfng Com-
pan». 2320 Fillmore tt.; phone Jackson 281..
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 11 Montgomery
St.: t>l. Main IMP. Shipping at cut rates. '
SP-CIA— HOTICES. j
A GUARANTEED cure for piles; PETER i
FREILING'S plls salve, $1 per box; — ar-
ranted to cure all cases of bloedlnjr. itching,
external. Internal or protrudlns piles, also
fistula, without fall, no matter how long
Etanding. 1C28 Devlsadero st., near Sutter.
STOP BHHS—XHO.
GUARANTEED cure: send 60c; tablet form:
mailed In ©lain package; has cured thou-
rsnds. L. L. C. CO.. 417 Hayward bldg.. S.F.
STUTTERING AK_ STAMM—RINCK
EXPANSION ~6f "MELBOURNE SCHOOLS—
Downtown. 521 Franklin, near McAllister. 8
to 12 Open-air school. 810 Diamond st. ; tel.
Capp 51*3; 1 to 6 P. m. Details at either.
MAK1UAGE LICENSE**.
Marriage licenses were lesued yesterday as
follows :
Jesse M. Neville. 23. 854 Hayes street, and
Ob*-dieoce E. Runnel*. 23, 440 Octavla street.
Isa'.a Sclaronl. 20. Lodl. and -Maria A. Cad-
° Anthony. 6. Lubber, 29, 2555 Greenwich
street, and Carrie E. League. 27. 144 Devls-
adero street.
Franclsro D. Calaco, 42. 1233 Dupont street,
and Rrie G. Vargas. 43. Oakland.
Theodor Andereggen. 27. 675 McAllister
street, and Charlotte E. Eahrbacher. 24, Berke-
Thomaf J. Mullens. 30. city, and Bessie E.
Griffin. 23. Jackson.
Jacob A. Ryan, 31. 1144 Howard street, and
Catharine M. Hild. 31. 1144 Howard street.
Ikuzo Shloya. 33. 508 Taylor street, and Ye
Mizuhara. 21. 920 Sacramento street.
BIRTHS— MARWAGES— DEATHS.
Birth murri— t and death notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
Notices restricted siir.ply to the announcement
of the event are published once in this column,
free of charge.
BOltN.
GLASER— In this city. November 25, 1904. to
the wife of Julius P. Glaser, a daughter.
McCOURTNEY— In this city, to the wife of
G«?orpt> McCourtney (nte Gagan), a son.
McLAUGHLIN— In this city. December 2,
JC04. to the wife of Matthew J. McLaugh-
lin. a daughter.
TURXBULL — In Oakland, November 30, 1904,
to the wife of Oeonre W. Turnbull, a
daughter.
WOLF — In South San Francisco, November 30,^
l'J04. to the wife of William Wolf, a son.
SIARKIED.
APPELL— LEVY— In this city, November 9.
18O4 by the Rev. M. E. Levy, George Ap-
p«>H and Miriam M. Levy, both of this city.
FLETCHER — KALISKY — In this city. Novem-
ber 2;;. l»04. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Joseph
M. Fletcher and Rose G. Kalisky. both of
this city.
FLICK— BURNS— In this city. December 1.
lf«04, by the Rev. Herbert N. Bevier, Charles
Emil Flick and Jennie Burnt*, both of San
Francisco.
GREENBAUM— COHN— In this city. Novem-
ber _>. l»04. by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Alfred
A. Greenbaum and Elsie Conn, both of this
city.
LEVY — COHEN— In this city. November 20.
1904. by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Charles Levy
and Emma Cohen, both of this city.
SWANTON— PENROSE— In this city. October
I*. 1904. by the Rev. William Kirk Guthrte,
Clarence II. S wanton of this city and Ethle
S. Penrose of North Bloomfleld, Cal.
DIED.
Anfenson, Anthony — 36!LHIey. Carrie M. — 32.
Belden. Mrs. Margaret. I Linehan. Katherlne — 58
Carroll. Charlotte— 1. Lombard!, A.— 69.
Clary, Wm. II.— 82. | Mathews, Margaret — 63
Coghlan, David. IMcAvoy. Joseph — 19.
Cuneo, Nora — 34. IMcKay. Catheline — 72.
Devlin, Patrick— 77. I MeLaughUn.Agnes — 32
I Donnelly. Thcs. V.— _><Michae1. Minnie C. — 14
\ Donovan, David — 26. JNewbrook, Helen — 28.
Ducroux. Julia — 38. 'Petterton, Paul — 60.
Dunn. John B. ' Poole, A. Robert.
Henrichsen. Chas. — 36. | Pramberg, Natalie — 34
HerrifOtt. Chas. A. — 31 (Roberts. Ralph — 81.
Hilton, Alvah S. — 38. Schneck, Emma— 2».
Hoey, Robert — 34. I Schnee. Flora — 3 mem.
Kamena. Henry— «1. ISkerrett. Chas. P.— 29.
Kern, Christian— 60. Tarbox, Ellsha T.— 67.
Klnne, Clarissa P.— 58. Turner. Mary W.
Kolman. Amalia — 75. Walsh, Wm. R-— 45.
Leddy, Eliza.
ANFENSON— In this city, December 2, 1904.
Anthony, beloved son of Ole and Sarah
Anfenson, and brother of John. Thomas,
Clarence. Ola and Anna Anfenson, Mrs. John
Craun and Mrs. James Craun. a native ot
Iowa, aged 36 years.
ETTriends and acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday, December 4, at 10 a. m.. at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypresa Lawn
Cemetery. : ■;; - .:,-_-;- :
BELDEN — At her home. In New Tork City.
December 1. lftO4. Mrs. Margaret Belden.
widow of the late Joeiah Belden. and mother
of Charles A. and George Btlden. Mrs. Lewis
Iddings and Mr*. George Gibson.
CARROLL— In this city, December 1, 1004.
Charlotte, dearly beloved daughter of Wil-
liam E. and Charlotte Carroll, and sister of
the late William E. Carroll Jr., a native
of San Francisco, aped 1 year and 4 months.
C?" Funeral private.
CLARY — In Stockton. Cal.. November 27.
10<>4. William Henry Clary, a native of
Bowling Green, Ken., aged 82 years 8 months
and ?3 day*.
-COGHLAN— In this city. November 30, 1904,
David, beloved husband of Kate Coghlan,
and father of John. William, David Jr.,
Isabel. James, Maria and Arthur Coghlan.
a native of County Waterford, Ireland.
_TTh* fuiseral will take place to-day
(Saturday), at 9 a. m., from his late resi-
dence. 611 Fell street. Interment private.
CUNEO — In this city, November 30. 1904.
Nora, beloved wife of John "Cuneo, and
mother of Ethel, John and Bernice Cuneo,
and daughter of Daniel and Julia Callahan,
and eister of Sophie and Katie Callahan, a
native of London, England, aged 34 years.
ESTThe funeral will take oiace Saturday,
December 3. at U a. m., from her late resi-
dence. 1023 Montgomery street, between
Broadway and Vallejo. thence to St. Francis
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing st 9:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DEVLIN— In this city, December 1, 1904,
Patrick Devlin, beloved brother of Mrs.
James Ansbro and Mrs. William McNlsh. a
native of County Derry, Ireland, aged ,,77
years. (Glasgow and Redding papers please
copy.)
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday), at »:30 a. m.. from the parlors
of McFadden. McBrearty _ Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street, beiveen Seventh and Eighth,
thence to Et. Joseph's Church, where services
will be held it 10 a. m. Please omit flow-
ers. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DONNELLY— In Oakland. November 30. 1904,
Thomas V., beloved son of Edward Donnelly,
and brother of Edward A. Donnelly, a na-
tive of Oakland, aged 25 years 1 month and
ft davs..
ETFriendu and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
December 3. at 8:15 a. m. sharp, from 1313
lv ev £_ h avenue . East Oakland,, thence to
bt. FrancJs de Sales Church, where a re-
quiem high roars will be celebrated for the
repose of his scul. commeccinir at 9 a. m.
Interment Et. Mary's Cemetery. Oakland.
DONOVAN— In this city. December 2, 1904.
; David Alexander, beloved husband of Annie
Donovan, and father of Delia Donovan a
j native of Canada, aged 26 years 10 months
I and 3 days.
DUCROUX— In this city. November 30. 1904,
Julls. beloved wife of Louis Ducroux, mother
of Mrs/ M. Finocchto. mother-in-law of John
Finocchlo. grandmother of Violet Flnocchlo
slster-ln-law of Mrs. C. Knopf. . Mrs Ma-
1 calre, Mrs. Fournlquier. and stepdaughter or
T. Lefevre. and , aunt of i Eugene, Gus and
Alfred Navlet. and sister of Mrs. Victoria
!• Wright and Miss Jennie Carre, a native ol
California, aced 38 years.
C^Fritnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully-Invited ti> attend. the funeral »*rvlces
Saturday. December 3. at 1 p. m., at the
parlors of Julius S. Godeau.- 610 Van Nesn
aveuue. Interment Mount Olivet; Cemetery.
DUNN— In '. this : city,' December ; 1," 1904,. John
: B... husband of Ada Dunn," and father, of
v . ■ ■ ■ ■
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, DECEMBER 3, 1904;
t Mrs. VInnle Coleman. and brother ot Mrs.
J. Grub« and Mrs. F. Tavolara, a native of
England.
HENRICHSEN— In this city. December 1.
1004. Charles Henrichsen, a native of
Sweden, aged 3G years. A member of San
Francisco Aerie No. 0. F. O. E.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Saturday December 3, at 10:30 a. m., at the
parlors of J. S. Godeau. 810 Van Ness
avenue, thence to Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets for electric car. Interment Cypress
•Lawn Cemetery.
I HERGOTT— In this city. December 1, 1004.
! Charles A., beloved husband of Margaret
Herjcott, and father of Stanley P.. Justina
and Charles I. Hergott, and eon of Alexander
P. Hergott. and brother of Mrs. Delia Haw-
kins and Adolph and the late Justin Her-
gott, and nephew of Mrs. J. Dastugue. and
cousin of George Dastusue. a native of San
Francisco, aged 31 years 3 months and 2
days. A member of Gentlemen's Sodality,
St. Ignatius Church, and Steam Laundry
Workers' Union. Local No. 26. / •
ETTrieruSs and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday). December 3, at 8:30 a. m., from
h's lata residence, 133» Howard street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his scul, commencing at 9 a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
I HILTON— In East Oakland, December 2, 1004,
I Alvah S. Hilton, beloved son of Stephen and
l Julia N. Hilton, and rister of Winefred J.
Hilton, a native of California, aged 38 years.
i A member of Linden Lodge, I. O. O. F., of
| Linden, Wash.
I HOEY— In this city, December 1, 1904, Robert
Hoey. beloved husband of Elisabeth Hoey,
a native of San Francisco, aged 34 years
and 3 months.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday.
December 4, at 1 p. m., from the parlors of
Valeate, Marinl & Co.. 1524 Stockton street,
near Union. Interment Holy Cross Cem-
etery.
KAMEXA^In Oakland. November 80, 1904,
Henry, beloved husband of Mary Kamena,
and beloved father of Joseph H.. George J. j
and William T. Kamena. Mrs. Henry Wle- j
gand. Mrs. John Sheehan and the late James
E. and Marguerite Kamena. a native of
Bremen. Germany, aged 61 years.
JCFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Saturday,
at 12:30 p. m.. from the undertaking parlors
of James McGinn & Co., 214 Eddy street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the reixjba of his soul, commenc-
ing at 1 p. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. \
KERN — Entered into rest, in this city, De-
cember 2, 1904. Christian, beloved husband
of'LouUo Kern, and father of the lata C.
P. Louise Kern, and brother of Philip Kern,
and uncle of Jacob Offenbacher, a native of
Bellhelm, Rheinpfalz, Germany, 'aged 60
years and 15 days. A member of Gambtinus
Vereln and Brewery Workers' Union.
E7" Friends and acquaintances are rcspect-
fuly Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
'Sunday), December 4. at 2:30 p. m.. from
his late residence, 19 Isis etreet, off Twelfth,
between Fol»om and Harrison. Cremation
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
KINNE— In this city. December . 2.. 1904.
Clarissa Prentiss Klnne, beloved mother of
Mary A.. DwIgTit and A. B. Klnne. and
sister of Mrs. Dr. Marcus Whitman, and
grandmother of Isabel D. Hunting and Her-
bert Dwight. a native of New York, aged S3
years 3 months and 15 days. (Oregon papers
please copy.)
t_TFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. December 4, at '2 p. m.. at the
mortuary chapel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking Company 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
KOLMAN— In this city. December 2. 1004,
Amalla. relict of the late Nelson Kolman,
and mother of Mrs. May Levy, and Ed.
Phil. Fanny, Ada. William and Benjamin
Kolman and Mrs. Ed McPnilllps, a native
of Poland, nged 75 years.
LEDDY— In this city. December 2. 1004, at
her resilience, 192ti Stelner street, Eliza, be-
loved wife of the late Patrick Leddy. and
mother of May. Elizabeth L. and the late
Thomas P. Leddy, a native of County Tip-
perary, Ireland.
LILLEY— In this city, December 1, 1901, !
Carrie M.. beloved wife of James J. Lllley,
a native of Norway, aged 32 years.
E~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. December 4. at 12 o'clock, at the
mortuary chasel of the Golden Gate Under-
taking: Ccirnany. 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Cypres? Lawn
Cemetery.
LINEHAN— Entered into rest, in this city.
December 1, 19O4, Katherlne, wife of Jere- i
mlah Linehan. and mother of Margie 1C.
Florence D. and William H. Linehan. and '
sister of Mrs. Margaret Bell, a native of
Derham. Canada, aged 68 years and 4 days.
(E7Funeral services will be held at hsr
late residence. 1725 McAllister street, on
Sunday. December 4, at 1:30 d. m.
LOMBARDI— In this city. November 29.. 1904,
Ambrog-gio Lombardl. a native of Alrolo, i
Canton Ticlno, Switzerland, axed 69 years. ;
(E7Kriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday. December 4, at 11 a. m., at the
mortuary chapel of Julius S.' Godeau, 305
Montgomery avenue. Interment Italian
Cemetery.
MATHEWS— In this city. December 1, 1004.
Margaret llathews. mother of Mrs. Joseph
Rohr. Charles I. Mathews and Mrs*. Thomas
Swain, aged 63 years.
_r Friends are Invited to attend the
funeral services Saturday. December 3, at
2 p. m.. at the chapel of N. Gray & Co..
353 Sutter street. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery.
McAVOY— In Oakland.' Decemfcer 1, 1904.
Joseph C, beloved husband of- Mary Lyons
McAvoy. and loving father of Isabella.
Loreta, Josephine and Claire McAvoy, a
native of Loretto. Cambria County, Pa., aged
49 years 4 months and 13 days.
McKAY— In this city. December 2. 1904,
Catheline. wife of the late Michael McKay,
and devoted mother of Mrs. W. F. King-
well and Thomas McKay, and grandmother
of Mrs. A. Edwards. Mrs. A. Armour. Mrs.
S. Dix and Henry. Willie and Sophie Ohien-
dorf. a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral tomorrow
(Sunday), December 4. at 1:30 p. m.. from
her late residence, • t!03 Pennsylvania avenue,,
between Twenty-second and Twenty-third
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, December 1,
1904, Asnes A., beloved wife of Daniel F.
McLaughlin, and mother of Willie J., Ed-
ward T. and Francis McLaufrhlln, and
daughter of Mrs. K. Dupuis, and sister of
Mamie and Thomas Sullivan, and stepsister
of Lena, Edward and Alfred Dupuis. a na-
tive of Virginia City. Nev., aged 32 years
and 1 month. (Virginia City papers please
copy.)
JCFrlends and acquaintances are reepect-
fuly Invited to attend the funeral Monday,
D<>cember 5. at 8:30 a. m.. from her late
residence, 18 Ringgold street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repos* of her soul,
commencing at 9 a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Ometery.
MICHAEL— In this city. Nov. 30, 1904. Minnie
Christina, beloved daughter of George W.
and the late Louise J. Michael, and sister
of Harry L., Charles W., Robert W., John,
Helen and the late Wilfred Michael, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aired 14 years 11
months and 5 days. (.Chicago papers pleasa
copy.)
(CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Saturday). December 3 at 11 a. m.. from
her late residence. 83 Sharon street. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
NEWBROOK — In this city. December 2. 1904,
Helen Dolly, beloved wife of Herbert New-
brook, a native of Otago, New Zealand,
aged 2S years 2 months and 4»days. •
PETTERSON— In this city. December 1. 1904.
Paul Petteinon. beloved husband of Margaret
J. Petteraon. a native of Norway, aged 60
years 8 months and 6 days.
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), December 4, at 1 p. m.yfrom his
late residence, 18 Geneva street, off Bran-
nan, between Sixth and Seventh, under the
auspices of Longshore Lumbermen's Protec-
tive Association, Local 224, I. L. M. and
T. A. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
POOLE — In this city, December 2, 1904, A.
Robert Poole. beloved husband of Lizzie
Poole. and father of Ruth, Edna/ 'Doris and
Olive Poole, a native of London, England.
IC"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday). December 4, at 2 p. m., from his
late residence, 1159 Oak street. Members
of Falrmount Lodge No. 108, K. of P., and
Marine Engineers' Beneficial Association
No. 35, slease take . notice. Friends and
acquaintances are respectfully Invited to at-
tend.. Funeral services at residence. Inter-
ment Mount. Olivet Cemetery.
PRAMBERG — In this city. December 1, 1904.
Natalie, beloved wlfa of Charles Pramberg
of Black Diamond, Cal., and devoted mother
of Carl Horatmann and George Pramberg,
and daughter of Charles and Caroline Evers,
and sister of Mrs. . G.. Huhs, Mrs. F. Hag-
erup.- Mrs. G. Wamke, Mrs. H. Siera and
George . and Charles . Evers, a native of San
Francisco, aged 84 years 3 months and 17
.days.
(ETFriends are respectfully, invited to at-
tend the funeral services tomorrow (Sun-
day), December 4, at 1 p. m.,- at the parlors
of H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment
private. ? B _^<_MW_BPWWM
ROBERTS — In Oakland, • 2, 1904,
i Ralph Roberts, beloved husband , of " Phoebe
I Roberts. . and father of Mrs. Jessie Thren
and Mrs. Bertha E. Ames of. Chicago, and
grandfather of Mrs. W. M. Rodgers and
Miss Bertha Gower, a native of Connecticut,
aged 81 years .11 months and 17. days.'/
. SCHNECK — In" this • city, December * 2, 1904,
| Emma beloved wife ■ of Sol Schneck, a na-
I tlve of San. Francisco, aged 29 years.
I SCHKEE — In this city, ; December ! 2. . 1904,
Flora Schnee. a native - of ■ San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 23 days.
SKERRETT— In this city. November 30, 1904,
Charles P.. beloved : son of . John ' and Cath-
I erine Skerrett.' and • brother ■ of Thomas and
1 John Skerrett. a native of San Francisco,'
' aged 2S» years and 6 raonths.7MMBgMUMBM
. • . E~The funeral ' will take . place >i to-day"
! (Saturday), at 9 a. V m.y> f rom ' the narlors of
J. C. O' Connor _ Co., * 767 > Mission street.
thence to St. Patrick's Church, where mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 0:30 a. m. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. Please omit flowers. .'JhwQJU
TARBOX— In this city. December 2. 1904.
Ellsha T., beloved husband of Julia A. Tar-
box, and . father of Benjamin L. Tarbox, a
native of New York, aged 67 years 4 months
and 7 days.
TURNER — In Haywards December - 1, 1904,
I Mary Winton. beloved wife of _. M. Turner. •-
and eldest daughter of the late Crayton "U ln-
ton. a native of California. .
(C Funeral from the late residence of
Crayton Winton. in Haywards. Sunday, De-
cember 4, at 1 :30 p. m. Interment Lone
Tree Cemetery, Haywards.
WALSH— In this city, December 1, .1904,
William R.. husband of Julia A. Walsh, and
.father of Dr. William J., James Joseph and
Thomas Michael Walsh, a native of County
Mayo. Ireland, used 55 years.
D-Tlie funeral will take place to-day
(Saturday), /at 8:45 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 38 -Welch street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem hisrh mass ,
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 a. m.. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
The members ot St. Vincent de Paul Society
are requested to attend.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Continued From Page Fifteen.
:V..-: Afternoon Session— Comstocks. |
100 Best & Belch.l 15| 700 Ophir 2 60 1
200 Challenge ... 15 100 Overman 12
1CO0 Con Cal & V.I 90| 700 Sierra Nev.... 61
200 Gould & Cur. 24| 300 Union Con 63
600 Halo & Norc.l 1511100 Utah C8
700 Justice ...... Ill 500 Utah 0»
400 Mexican 1 25| 100 Yellow Jacket. 18
400 Mexican 1301 " V .:.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. | Bld.Aak.
Alpha 12 13 Julia 05 06
Alta 05 071 Justice 11 12
Andes 24 -'25iKentuck 02 03
Belcher 23 25|Lady Wash ..02 03
Beat & Belch. 1 10 1.20|Mexlcan .. 1 25 1 30
Bullion 21 . 23Occidental ... 78 80!
Caledonia .... 44 46tophir 2 60 2 60
Challenge ... 15 17| Overman 11 12
Chollar 17 19|Potoal 18 10
Confidence ... 85 89 Scorpion ...... 05 07
Con Cal & V.I 00 1 95!Savage 80 31'
Con Imperial. 01 02|Seg Belcher... 06 07 ;
Con NY 03 04|Sierra Nev 50 51
Crown Point.. 18 19!S!Iver Hill..:. 60 61
Eureka Con..! — B0 St. Louis .... — 07
Exchequer ...1 45 47lSyndlcate .... 08 00
B. Sierra Nev 03 Osrifnlon Con.... tt 63
Gould & Cur. 24 25iUtah 08 09
Hale & Norc.1 15 1 201 Yellow Jacket. 17 18
TONOPAH AND GOLDFIELD STOCKS.
Morning Session. ■ '
500 Blue Bull ... 16j 500 Red Top 15
100 Cent Eureka. 1 W)f 200 Sandstorm ... 32
200 Gold Anchor. 2111000 Silver Pick ... 17
1000 MacNamara . 241 500 Ton Gold Mt. 16
100 Mont Ton..l 72HI 500 Ton Midway.. 33
10C0 Bullfrog Min. 1811700 Ton N Star... 22
500 Ray & O'Brien 07f 100 Ton of Nev.9 62% \
Afternoon Session. j
1000 Goldfleld Mhk 171 200 Sandstorm ... 80
200 Gold Anchor. 2011000 Ton Belmont.. 73
3000 MacNamara . 24*2500 Ton Midway. . 34
1000 MacNamara . 23 500 Ton Kxten..l92i4
600 Mont Ton..l 67*4 1200 Ton N Star... 23
2C0 Bullfrog Min. 18 H»v> Ton N Star... 22
1<X> Bullfrog Min. lftl 200 Ton of Nev.9 62»4
BOO Red Top 14I1C00 Ton Ohio 25
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Ton of Ner..9 75 10 00! Ton Gold Mt. 15 17
Mont Ton ...1 65 1 70lRescue \ 05 0<5
Ton Exten ..1 S5 1 »5|Ton & Cal.... — lfl
MacNamara . 22 • 24iRay & O'Brien — 07
Ton Midway.. 34 3«| Paymaster ... 03 05
Ton Belmont!. 72 74|Esperanza 01 ~~i*2
Ton N Star... 22 23!O o ld Anchor.. — 21
Ton Ohio — 26lQuincy 11 —
West End ... 14 — 'N Y Ton Con. — 10
Goldfleld.
Sandstorm ... — SOl.Tumbo Ex ... 18 —
Red Top 13 WfGoldfleM 60 61
Gcldfleld Mhk 17 • — iKendall — '25
,Columbla .... — lSlBlack Butte .. 17 —
Jumbo . .. — 53l Adams 08 —
TONOPAH MINING EXCHANGE.
Following were the sales on the San Fran
cisco and Tonopah Mining Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session. »
2000 Dixie Min .. 2f>! .'.00 Sandstorm ... 31
400 GoldJleld Min. fit)' 1000 Sandstorm ... 30
500 Jumbo 54| 100 Ton Belmont.. 72
Jumbo 57| 1000 Ton Gold Mt. 16
'400 Jumbo .V«| 100 Ton Midway.. 34
ICO Jumbo ....... 5»l 125 Ton of Nev.9 6214
100O MacNamara . 22| 10i> Ton N Star. . 24
100O N Y Ton Con 121 SCO "Ton N Star... 25
2500 Red Top 151
Afternoon Session.
1000 Austin G .M.. 2BJ2O0O N Y Ton Con. 12
2700 Bullfrog Min. 55 1100 Red Top 15
2f.O Cent Eureka.. 1 5"5 100 Ton Belmont.. 73
R0O Dixie Min .. 20 1200 Ton Belmont.. .74
400 Goldfleld Ton. 10 SOO Ton Belmont.. 75
600 Goldfleld Min. - 6OI2POO Ton Midway. . 34
400 Goldfield Min. 591 500 Ton Midway.. 3S
600 Jumbo Ex . . RS^SOOO Ton N Star. . ., 23
1C0 Mont Ton -...1 70f 400 Ton N Star... 24
4200 MacXamara . 22|
• CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Bld.Aak.l Bld.Ask.
Adams 08 10| Lucky Tom... 02 05
Austin G M.. 23 — iMacNamara ..22 —
Black Ants .. — lOlMlzpah Ex .. — 15
Black Butte.. 17 — iMont Ton. ..1 67U 15
Blue BulIlM. 18(N Y T M Co 11 12
Booth M Co. 12 — I Paymaster ... 03 04
Bullfrog Min. 5ft r>6[Qulncy 07 — ,
Columbia .... 23 25|Ray Exten ;. — 08
Diamondfleld. 25 — |Ray& O'Brien 04 08
fisperanra ... — Oil Red Top 14 15
Free Gold .. 15 — [Rescue 0G 07
Gold Anchor. — 22lRothwell G M. 10 50
Goldfield B Bl — 12!Sandstorm ... 26 —
Goldfleld B&B — 10|S W M Co 60
Goldfleld Dmd — 20|Ton Belmont.. 74 75'
Gldfld Gt Bnd — 16'Ton & Cal '. 15 20
Goldfleld Min. 59 COjTon Cash Boy. — 12 I
GoMneld Mhk — 20JTon Exten. .1 90 2 07% ;
Gldfld Red I>. — 00 Ton & Gt W. — 021
Goldfleld S Pk — 19JTon Gold Mt. 19 —I
Goldfleld Ton. 09 lliTon Midway.. 34 35 '
Gold Mt Con. — 02]Ton Nev. .9 62% 9 87%
Hazel Kirk .. — # 12|Ton N Star... 22 25
Jim Butler .. 50 —(United Ton... — 07
Jumbo M BOIUtopia 10
Jumbo Ex .. 10 20> Vernal Min ..07 10
Little Ton... 35 — | West End .... — 20
California Stock and Oil Exchange.
Oil Stocks— V-V. Bid. Asked.
Associated Oil Stock Tr Cert. 22 24
I California Standard 16 17
i Caribou B 60 7 00
I Four • 54 ....
Home 53 65
Imperial .....13 00 ....
Independence 33 34
Junction ; 20 21
| Kern River 12 25
| Monte Cristo '. 70 75
| Occidental of "W Va iV 06 09
i Oil City Petroleum 65 66
Reed Crude 2 05 ....
Senator 70 ....
Superior 03 • ....
Thirty-three 6 00 - 7 00
Miscellaneous —
Northern Cal Power 10 00
SALES.
Morning. Session. >
212f> Junction 20
1000 Independence ' 83
300 Home 55
Afternoon Session.
100 Occidental *09
41 . California Standard 15
175 Junction 20
REAL. ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
FRIDAY. DECEMBER 2.
Christine Breon to Simon T. Meyer, lot on N
line of California street. 103:1% B of Laguna,
B 34:4% by N 132:6; $10.
Maxtmilllan Herzog to Maurice S. Kramer,
lot on N line of Ellis street, 82:6 W of Pierce,
W 27:6 by N 100, quitclaim deed; $1000.
Mary Jane Whttehead to James K. Wilson,
lot en N Hue of Pacific street, 118:5 E of Pre
eldlo. E 70. N 52:1OV4., SW 70:3%. S 46:7%;
$10.
Michael and Bridget Kllday, to Hugh Lynch,
lot on E line of Masonic avenue, 50 S of Haight
street, S 25 by E 87:6; $10.
Realty Improvement Company to William J.
O'Connor, lot 23, Lyon & Hoag's subdivision
M. B. 120; $10.
Napoleon 'L. Blhan to Kate A. Blhan. lot
on E line of Capp street, 85 N of Twenty-third.
N 25 by E 122:0; gift. •
•' City and County of San Francisco to John
Foppiano, lot on W line of Alabama street, 130
N of Twenty-first, N 26 b. V 200; $ .
Same to Nils and Mary : Ross Jot on E Una
of Hampshire street, 120 S of Twentieth, S 44
by E 100; $ — -. -
Jacob Holle to J.ina Hoile. undivided tenth
of lot . on ' SE corner of Twentieth and York
streets, ,S 50 by E 100; $10.
'■• Thomas Rychold to .Thomas Walton, lot . on
S line of Twenty-fourth street, 62:6 E of Treat
avenue.- E 60 by S 75- $10.
Tlmothy-J. Crowley to Frederick W. Lar
mann, lot on K line of Harrison street, 300 S
of Twenty^fifth, S 44 by E 100; $10. ,
William P. Caubu. to Frederick H. Qualman,
lot on W , line of Guerrero street. 213 :0 S of
Twenty-second, 8 30:6 by W, 117:6; $10.
" Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to Cath
erine Berry, lot on;S line " of Twenty-eighth
street. 155 .W of Noe. W 25 by S 114: $250. "
■Martin and ! Jane . Sanders ' and ■ I. C. . ScharS
to C. A. and Sophie M.Stubenrauch, lot on N
line cf .Nineteenth street, 102 :• - W of Castro,
W 22:3 by N 75; $10. ;• ..
- Charles u. Mattat to John de Vaull, lot on E
line of Stockton' street; 49:6 S of Jackson, S 21
by E 78:10; $10. , • ,
Agnes' V. Lynch -to Moses 'Fisher, lot on
NE line • of Fourth ■ street. 51:2 NW of Na
toma,;NW ; 28:10 byNE 82:6; $10.
Dorothea '.Richter to "Adolph Richter. lot- on
NE line of Seventh ' street. 150 SE of Brannan,
SE50 by.NE 80; $10. .
: John 'A. . and Mary "Devanyto John F. Hen
r.lng. lot on NW. line of Heron street, v 50 SW
of Mariposa Terrace. ■ (205 NE of Eighth)." SW
20 by:NW 69; $10.- . : -,;
i; John ? Brickell ; Company ,' to . Niels ■ C. - Morten
. sen. lot ■ on • 8E : line ; of : Bryant » street. : 275 : NE
of Eighth. 'NE! 56:31 by. SE 275;;$10. , i::igSgsaBE
■ Robert D. and Edna : Connolly to Mary M.
HOME RAIDED
BY TRIBESMEN
House of Walter Harris, a
British Writer, Looted and
Guards Killed in Tangier
TANGIER, Dec. 2;— The Benl-M'Suar
tribesmen made a "determined attack
on the residence of Walter B. Harris,
the English writer, last night with the
avowed intention of capturing him.
The mountaineers surrounded the
house, stabbed a guard, who attempted
to raise an alarm and secured others,
but flnally, v after some ! looting, the
tribesmen left without finding Harris.
They returned to-day, however, at
tacked the guard in the vicinity of
Harris' house, killed one man and took
the rifles and ammunition of the oth
ers. Harris is now in Tangier.
The British legation has notified the
Moroccan Government that it . will be
held responsible for any damage to the
house of Harris. A boat crew from
the French warship Kleber last nlgTXt
fired several volleys at the tribesmen
from the water\ front opposite Harris'
house.
Harris, who is the correspondent of
the London Times in Morocco, was
captured by tribesmen near Tangier in
July. 1903, and was held in custody by
Raisull, who in May last held until
ransomed Ion Perdlcaris, an American
citizen, and Cromwell Varley, a Brit
ish subject, his stepson. Harris was
freed after some of Ralsull's followers,
who were In Jail at Tangier, were re
leased.
IRRIGATION- OP NEVADA
WIIjL BE UNDER WAY SOON
Government Invites Proposals for
Construction of Ditches and Weirs
In Sagebrush State.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— Sealed
proposals will be received at the of
fice of the United States Reclamation
Service, at Hazen, Nev., until 2 p. m.
December 15 for the construction of
about 150 miles of lateral irrigation
ditches, with headgates, falls, weirs
and bridges for the Carson River old
channel canal, involving about one
million cubic yards of earthwork, for
the irrigation of land in the vicinity
of Leetville and Fallon. in Carson
Sink Valley, Nevada.
The specifications and plans may be
inspected at the office of the reclama
tion service. Hazen. Nev. Each bid
must be accompanied by a certified
check for 3 oer cent of the amount
of the bid.
ASKS COURT TO KEEP
HIS WIFE FROM TALJvING
Cblcagro Carpenter Seeks an Injunc
tion to Prevent Her From %
Spreading Scandal.
CHICAGO. Dec. 2.— An injunction to
prevent his wife from talking was
asked to-day in the Circuit Court by
Thomas P. Wood, a carpenter. In de
fending his own name from alleged
scandal, Wood declares he is also act
ins for the good of Mrs. Margaret
Watson. He also seeks to stop oral
utterance of his wife in • Newtonville,
Ohio, and Muncle, Ind. ■
"In her overheated imagination,"
Wood declares, his wife has conjured
certain visionary and absurd scan
dals. The- complainant parted from
his wife four years ago, when he says
she became possessed of "certain re
ligious delusions and theological vaga
ries." '•
Sailor Accuses Saloon-Keeper.
Harry Baker, a sailor, got a war
rant from Police Judge Mogan yester
day for the arrest of-B. G. Smith,
saloon-keeper, 220 East street, on a
charge of felony embezzlement. Baker
alleges he gave Smith last week $200
to keep^for him, with a request that
he pay out of it $50 to R. Brewer,
sailor boarding-house keeper. Brewer
did not receive the $50 and when
Baker complained to Smith he was
told that the $200 had been applied in
payment of drinks consumed by Baker
in Smith's saloon. Baker denies get
ting the drinks.
Returned Miners Deported.
TEL.L.URIDE. Colo., Dec. 2.— Eight
union miners, who had returned to this
city since the strike was called off,
were placed aboard the outgoing train
to-day by Acting City Marshal Geyer
and deputies, who had arrested them,
and ordered to stay away from this
district. <
Goldstein (wife of Bert), lot on N line of
Lake street, 57:6 E of Eighteenth avenue, E
30 by N 100; $10.
John Brickell Company (a corporation) to Ma
requa C. Cacondray (wife of F. A.), lot on-W
line of Twenty-seventh avenue. 137:6 N of
Lake street, N 37:8 by W 120; $10.
Beezy Hurney to Thomas and Alice F.
Fewer, lot on E line of ■ Eighth avenue, 225
S of Point Lobos avenue, S 25 by E 120; $10.
Ellen Ward to same, same; $10.
Howard H. Salz to John H. Atkins, lot on
E line of Forty-sixth avenue, 250 N of O
street, N 25 by E 120; $10.
J. Frank and Marea Walters to Frank Her
man, lot on E line of Forty-second avenua,
100 S of H street; S 25 by E 120; $10.
Aurellus E. and Rose A. Buckingham to
Martin Spellman, lot on - W line of Tenth
avenue, 225 S of H street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
Eliza J. , Magee to Max Weinsteln, lots 33
and 34, block 11,' tract A, People's Homestead
Association: $10. - .
Edwin ' and Julia J. Rodman to : Terence
O'Neill, lot on NW corner of Twenty-second
avenue and K street, NE 25 by.NW 75, block
422. South San Francisco Homestead; $10.
Agathe Westphal to James J. and Phllo
mena M. Cantlen, lot on>Nline of Alvarado
street. 240 E of Hoffman. E 25 by N 114.
lot 18. Hey man Tract; $10.
Thomas T. or Thomas O'Brien to Annie
O'Brien, lot on E line of Gunnison street. 100
S of Precita avenue. S 25 by E 110: gift.
Jacob and Rosalie Schoenf eld or Schonf eMt
to William Taaffe & Co.. lot . 32, block 83, ,
Butchers' Reservation; grant.
Builders' Contracts.
J. Doassons (owner) with Robert Trost (con
tractor), architect Jules Godart — All work for
. a three ■ and two story frame building on the
; SW corner of Union and Webster streets, W B0
! by 8 77:6; $13,000.
William - M. Gwlnn (owner) , with Branch tt
Co. (contractors), architect — AH work for
'• a one and a half story cottage on the "W Una
of Forty-fourth avenue. 110:7 N of Cliff ave
nue. N 25 by -vl". 107:6; $1600.
' United Can " Company (owner) ' with James
F. Logan . (contractor), . architect — AH
work except corrugated Iron for side and roof
for a wood and Iron factory on the SW corner
of Nineteenth and Harrison streets. S ', 197. W
200. N 97 B 92 N 100. thence 108 to begin
ning; $12,000. . -
_ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
— , -ARRIVED.
■ 'Friday, Dec. 2. _
Stmr Coos Bay, Nicolson, 60 hours from
Ean Pedro. \
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, 23 days and "min
utes from : Hongkong, via Yokohama 16 days
22 hours and 30 minutes, via Honolulu 6 days
2 hours and 62 minutes.
SAILED. :
Friday, Dec. 2.
Br stmr Wyefleld. Watson, Nanalmo.
OUTSIDE BOUND- IN— MIDNIGHT.
Schr AM Baxter, bktn Gleaner, brtu W O
Irtrln. - ' '' J Q8BBKBBBHBUA
spoken.;
Per stmr Gaelic— On' Xov 23, 7;D m, -:lat S4
N. 141 14 W, saw a : steamer that looked like
Br = stmr Coptic, • hence t Nov - 2tt for Hongkong
and '.Yokohama. ■-/'
Dec i 1— Let .15 CO N,' long 131 25 W, saw a
four- masted ship ' stearins 'east.
' Dec 2— Lat. 36 29 N. long 126 21 W. saw a
schooner stearins ; south."
M_P_MRST:. ISLAND • PORT.
- HONOLULU— Arrived Deo 2— Br stmr
Coptic, i hence Nov : 26. : ' v.
LABOR LEADER
ENDS HIS LILE
Oscar Haas of New York,
Who Was a Lieutenant of
Parks, Commits Suicide
NEW YORK. Dec. 2.— Oscar Haas,
formerly one of Sam Parks' lieutenants
In the Structural Iron Workers' Union,
ended his life to-day by shooting. Haas
had trouble wth the union some time
ago and gave up his position as walk
ing delegate. He had been unable to
get employment since that time and
was despondent.
Haas left a letter in which he asked
his wife to forgive him for taking his
life, and added: "It is a cold world
for an old man who cannot secure em
ployment."
Battalion of Filipino Infantry.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 2.— The Presi
dent has directed that the Fourth,
Twenty-fourth, Thirtieth and Forty
seventh companies, Filipino Scouts,
now at the Louisiana Purchase Expo
sition, be organized aat a battalion of
infantry, to be designated as the First
Battalion, Filipino Scouts. Captain
William H. Johnson. Slxteehth Infan
try, has been detailed as major and
assigned to the command of the bat
talion.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
>jjr2«w Steamers leav* Broadway
y^Yf*S^Q^V wharves (piers 9 and 11),
/_ /t_ T^_ \^*V FcT Ketchlkan, Wrangel,
I 1 V—VrV^ 1 1 Junea-U. Treadwell, Haln«s,
I I \«___! I Skag-uay. ate. Alaska— 11
VJS. V^^~l4f/ a. m., Dec. 1. 6, 11, 16, 21.
V'^sJ* * s - al# Jan - 5- Chance to
XMjSSSiw/ tnl8 company's steamers at
Seattle.
For Victoria, Vancoursr, Port Townsend,
Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, South Belllngham.
Belllngham — 11 a. m. Dec. 1. 6, 11. 16, 21, 28.
31, Jan. 5. Change at Seattle to this com-'
pany's steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry. ; at
Seattle or Tacoma to N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver
to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) — Pomona. 1:30
p. m., Dec. 12, 18. 24. 30. Jan. S. Corona.
1:30 p. m.. Dec. 3, 9. 15, 21. 27. Jan. 2.
For Los Angeles (via Port Los Angeles and
Redondo), San Diego and Santa Barbara — San-
ta Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
State of California, Thursdays, 0 a. m.
For Los Angeles (via San Pedro and East
San Pedro), Santa Barbara, Santa Crux, Mon-
terey, £an Simeon. Cayuo'*. Vurt Harford (tan
Luis Oblspo), Ventura and Hueneme.
Bonlta. tf a. m.. Dec. 1, tt. 17, 26. Jan. 2.
Coos Bay, 9 a. m., r»ec. 6, 13, 21. 29. Jan. 6.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San "Jose del
Cafco, Mazatlan. Altata La Pas. Santa Ro-
salia. Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., 7th each mo.
For further information obtain folder. Right
Is reserved to change steamers or sailing dates
TICK _T OFFICES — 4 New Montgom-
ery st. (Palace HoteD.lO Market St.. and Broad-
way wharves. Freight Offlc« 10 Market st.
C. D. DUNANN. General. Passenger Agent.
— . — ?: 0 Market »*-• s an Francisco.
The Pacific Transfer Co.. 20 Sutter at., will
call for and check baesaee from hotels and
residences. Telephone Exchange 312.
AMERICAN Z_B_.
Plymouth — CherDoursr — Soutfcamriton
•Flnl'd. Dec.10, 10:30 ajSt. Paul.... TT. Dec 24
New York Dec. 17lSt. Louis Dec. 31
•Calling at Dover for London and Paris
ATLANTIC TRANSPORT _IH_
New Tork — London Direct
Mlnnehaha.Dec.10.8 amlMen'm'e. Dec.24 10 am
Manitou. Dec.17, 10 am Mntnka. Dec.31 1 D _
DOMINION LINE.
Montreal — Liverpool — Short sea passage
, Canada December 10
BED STAB LINE.
Kew Tork — Antwerp — London — Paris.
Calling at Dover for London and Paris
'Finland Dec. lOIKroonland Dec' 2i
Zeeland Dec. 17!Vaderland Dec" 31
WKIT_ STAB LINE.
Kew Tork — Oneenstown — Liverpool.
Oceanlc.Dec.14. 10 am|l^ltlc. Dec. 28 10 am
MaJestlc.Dec.21. 10 am Cedrlc. Jan. 4. 4:30 am
Boston — Oneenstown — L lveroool
Cymric Dtc. 21|WlnIfredlan Jan 4
»_W TOBK AHD BOSTON 1 DXBEGT
To the Mediterranean.
Gibraltar. Naples. Genoa. Alexandria.
FROM NEW TORK.
CRETIC Dec. 12. Feb. 4. March IS
REPUBLIC Jan. 14, Feb. 23
FROM BOSTON
ROMANIC Dec. 10, Jan. 2S, March 11
CANOPIC Jan. 7. Feb. IS
C. D. TAYLOR. Passenger Agent Pacific Coast
21 Post St.. San Francisco.
oceanies.s.co. smms
~T- omsciuittioTAHir.
S. 8.ALAMEDA. for Honolulu. Dec.10. 11 am
S S. VENTURA, for ' Honolulu Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney, Thursdax^ Dec. 22, 2 a m
S 8. MARIPOSA. for TahltlTDec. 31. 11 i. m .
J.D.SPHEC__S4BE0i Ca. __t_.TIC_8t OfflK 543 fir-
_et FrelgHt Cfflcs 327 Mattst si, Pisr 7, Pacifc \i
COMPAGNIK GX5SS4LS TRAMATLi * TIJ J J.
DIRECT IJNE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -__
Sailing every Thursday Instead of .«rfa_
Saturday,', at 10 a. tn.. from Pier -sB_rg?
42. North! River, foot of Morton st.
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Sec-
ond class to Havre, $45 and upward. OEN-
ERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES AND
CANADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building)
New York. J. F. FUGAZI _ CO.. Pacific Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tlcketa gold by all Railroad Ticket Airents.
For T7. S. Navy Tard and Vallejo.
«.6trs. General Frlsble. Montlcello and Arrow
8:45 a.m.. 12:30 p.m.. 3:15 p.m.. tt p.m., 8:30 p.
tn. Leave San Francisco Sundays 9:45 a.m..
12:30 p.m .. 6 p.m.. 8:30 p.m. Leave Vallejo, 7
a.m., 9 a.m., 12:30 p.m.. 8:16 p.m., 6 p.m. Sun-
day?. 7 a.m., 9 a.m., 3:20 p.m., 6 p.m. Pier 2,
ft Mission st. : phone Main 150S. HATCH BROS.
For XJ. S. Navy Tard and Vallejo.
Stmr. H. J. CORCORAN leaves north end
Ferry bldg.. foot of Clay st., 10 a. m.. 8:30
p. m. : Sundays, 10 a. m.. 8 p. m. Leave
Vallejo, Aden's wharf, 7:15 a. m.. 2:30 p.
m. ; Sundays. 7:15 a. m., 5 p. m. Fare 25c
each way. PIPER. ADEN. GOODALL CO.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
|CHICAGO T |N 3 DAYS!
9 LEAVES DAILY ATd3OA.M.H
iSL—^iTM-OJ NEWS AND OLgEPgnsK
B^j^S lSS53ff!S5!!SS5SBifiK3ffiEffB!P^CTi
Other Santa V Trains t
llf?. "• ™- I For Stockton. Fresno. BakersOald.
8 ioo p. m. J Merced. Hanf ord and Vlsalia.
4:00 p. m. For Stockton. v
8:00 p.m. For Kansas City, Grand Canyon
and Chicago.
Ticket Offices — 641 Market st. and Ferry Dspot.
San Francisco; also 1112 Broadway, Oak.
land. Cal.: also 27 South 1st. S— » Jo«e.
HCAZADERO, Etc
- Via Sausalito Ferry
SUBURBAN SERVICE. STANDARD GAUGE.
Depart from Ban Francisco, daily, at f7:03
7:45, 8:25, 9:10. 9:50. 11:00 a. m.; 1:43. 3:15
i:3S. 6:li »:«>, 6:3o. 7:15. 9:00 and „„$
■ p. |-i.
ArriTS at San Francisco, dally, at T6:4o
7:«5. 8:15. 8:50 9:35. 10:50 a. m.: 1:30. 2:35"
4:25. 6:05. 5:42. 6:22, 6:37. 7:40 and U:U
p. m. ' j
tDally except Sunday.
For Fairfax, daily, at 7:45 a. m.*. also Sat-
urdays at 3:15 p. m.. and dally except Satur-
■ day and Sunday. at 5:15 p. m.
' THROUGH TRAINS.
[ 7:45 a. m. dally— Cazadero and way sutions.
■ 8:15 P. m.. Saturdays only— For Cazadero,
• tc.
- 5:15 p. m.. dally, except Saturday and Sua-
fiay." for -Tomales. ttc.MMSMWM|
TICKET; OFFICE— 650 Market ' st.
FERRY— Union Depot, foot of Market «c
RAILWAY TRAVETj.
/>Jf<^Tr>sSr\ to nrrl »e> ot
h?U_^pZ)8AN FRANCI3CO.
Y*O*~__ T~7O/ Fvox OcTOnaa •_. _X
Fxbbt I>_"ot
\SJ-^ (Toot of Market Street )
*•"»» - MAIN LINE. - - *»n«'
'•00a VacaTine. Winter*. t:nm»«y Tboi
7.00a Benlcta. Elralra and Sacrameato.. 720<»
7.30a Vallejo. Jispo. c»ll*:o2«. Saata
,__ Rosa. Martlnei, Sao Kamon 8-20p
7 30a Sties. Tracy. Latbrop. Stockron.... 7.20»
8 GOa Shasta Express— (Via Davis).
~i:itam». Willows, ♦Krnto. Ued
> «« BluIt FortI » n <l. Tacoma. Seattle 7.50*
8 00a Darla. Woodland. Kntzhts Lauding.
. ,« Msrysvllle. OroTtHe 7.50*
B-ZOa Marlines. Antloch. Byron. Tracy.
Stockton. Kewmaa. Los Caaos,
Meodcts. Armuaa, lUufurJ.
__. Vlsalla. "omrTtlle JT: 4.20s*
030* Fort Co*ta. Modesto. Mereed. -.
Fresno. Qoalicn Junction, llaa-
_ __ ford, Vlsalla. BatcersdeM 4.50*
0-iUA Nliet. Saa Jose. Llvrrrnore. Siork-
ton.CtMIUou). line, Sacramento,
MaryirlMe. Ctilco. Red Blult .. 4.20»
8.30a Oskdale. Cbln»e, Jamestown. So-
nora. Tuoluniut and AdrsIs 4-20*
9 00a Atlantic Express — O«:Jen and Bast. 52Q»
8.30a Richmond. Marlines and Wa*
Stations 8.50*
1O43OA The Overland Limited — « v !tr>.
Om aba, Chicago, Denver, Kansas
._, City, St. Louis _ 820p>
10.00 a Vallejo 12.20*
104WA Los Angeles Pasieager — Port
Costs, Marttaei, Byron, Tracy,
Lathrop. Stockton. Merced.
Raymond. Fresno. Gosaen Juno-
tton, Uanford, Lemoore, VUslla.
■ Bakerstteld. Los Angelca 7.20»
12.00*1 Hayward. Nile • and Way Butlona. 3-20 •
tl -OOP Sacramento River Steamers ttl.OO*
3 JOp Benlcls, ITlntars. Sseraiaenta
Woodland, Kntgnts Landing,
MsrriTUle, Orovllle an* wsy
stslfons 18.80*.
5 -50p Hayward. Nll«s sad Way Stations.. 7.50»
. J.30P Port Costa. MarUn«s, Byron.Trscy.
Lathrop. Stockton. Modesto,
Merced, Berenda, Fresno and
Way Sutions beyond l'ort Co»t» 12.2U»
4430l»Marttnejt,3»ni:»raoa.VaUeJo,Ifaj>»,
Csllatoga, Santa Roa_ 8-20*
4.00P NUes. Tracv, Stockton 10.204
4 AQP Hay ward, STUes. Irvlnglea, Baal ?8-60a
Jose, Livermor* ? t11.50*
■■COpTds Owl Umtied— Newman, Los
Bsnos, Mcndoia, Fresao. Tulaxa,
Bakersnsld.LosAngoles. .„__ 8.50*
tS 30p Hayward. Nllea and saa Jom .__ 7.20*
8. OOp iUvward.Nlietsad San Jos*. 8.50*
JQQP Eastern Kxprass — Omttu, CMc»eo,
Dtnver. Kansas City. fit. Loals,
Martlnes. Stockton. Sacra— ante,
Col fax. Reno, Sparks, Montello,
... Ocdea ?2.50»
•.OOp Vallejo. dally, except Sunday.... f 7 sn -
7-CGp Vallejo, Sunday only f 7 -* 0P
7£0PKlchraond, San Pablo, Port Costa.
Martlnes and Way Buttons 11-23*
7 .00p Reno Paaaenger— Fort Costa. B«-
nlcla. Sultan. Elmlrs. Dlxon.
Davis, Sacramento. Sparks, Tone*
pah, Keeier aad War SUtlons... 7-50*
•■udp Oregon * California Expre«» — Sao-
•ramsnto, Maryivllle. Redd_g,
■Portland, Pngat Sound and Bait. 8.504
1.1 Op aij ward, Ml«» aad Ban Jom (Sua-
dayonly) IUO4
COAST LINE" (Jam- (Uags).
(Foot of Market Street.)
8.15a Newark. Centervllle. San Josa.
Felion. Boulder Creak, Saa I*
Cras and Way Stations 6-53»
12.15P Newark, Centervtlie, Baa Jose*
New Almaden. Los Oatoa.F«ltoa.
Bonlder Creak, Sanu Craz sad
Principal Way Station* tiO-53*,
4.1SP Newark. San Joss. Los Gatos. ..<} *]££|£
«930p Hnnten" Train (Saturday enly)—
Ban Joae and Way Statlona t7.25»
COAST LINE <i»roa<l Ua«gs).
HT* (T olrd and Tuwnsend Streets.)
*610a San Joso antl Way SUttona.. S-30»
700a Ban Joie and War Sutions 6-401*
800a Kew Almadea (Tuei.. Frld., only). 4.10*
SXOAine Coaster— 6aa Jo«e. Salinas.
Baa Ardo, Paso Iioblet, Bant*
Margarita. San Lnls Obiapo,
GnaUa! ape, Gavlota. Sanu Bar-
bara, San Buenaventura, lioa-
Ulvo. Oxnard. Bur bank. Los
Angeles 13 30*
8-00AGilroy. Holllster. Castrovliie. Del
Monte. Pacific Orove, Surf, Lo_-
poc 10.30?
8.00a Ban Jose. Trei Ptaos.Wst9onvl!la,
Capltola, Sanu Crur, Paclfle
Grore. Salinas. Saa Lnls Oblipo
sod Principal Way Station*. ... 410»
10 30a Ban Joie and Way Stations 1.20s*
11 20a San Jose snd Way Siatlona 7. 30?
2-15p San Jose and Way Stations 8 33-*
i CCp Del Monte Express— Santa Clara,
fan Joae, Watson vine. Santa
Cruz. De! Monte. Monterey,
Paciac Grove 12l5s>
tS-OOP Los Gatox, Wright. Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz. vU Sanu Clara sad
Narrow Gauge t10-45*
8-30P Valencia St.. South Sen Francisco,
BaritDKame, San Jose, GUtoj.
HoIlMer. T'es Plnos 10 45*
4-30p -°aa Jose aad Way Stations tS OQA
tS-OOP SanU Clara, >«a Jo*e. Los Gatoa.
and principal Wsy Stations (ex-
cept Sunday) t9.00*
I6-30p 6anJoseaadPriactnalWayStatlons {9.4Ql*
6 46p Snnact Express.— Uedwootl. San
Jose.Gllroy.Sallnas.r'Mo ltobiea.
Esn Lull Oblspo. Sanu Durbars,
. Los Angrles, I'emiDS. Kl P*.«o.
ot.Loulo, New Orleans, NewYork 9 IQa
6.45pFajaro. Watsonvllle. Capitols,
e*au Cruz. CaitroTllle, Del
Monte, Psciflc Grove 10-30P
18-16P ban Mateo. Beresf6rJ. Belmont. Saa
Carlos, Itedwoofl, Fair Oatita.
McnloPark. Palo Alto 18.48a
6 30pS«a Jose aad Way Euuons 8-33*
8-COp Palo Alto »nd Way Stations 10.15a
11. 3flp South San Francisco. Millbrae. Bnr-
"agaEne, Saa Mateo, Belmont,
Eaa Carlos, Redwood, Fair Oaks.
Menlo Park, and Palo Alto t943s)
•WOPMayfleld. Mountain View, Suuny-
vale, Lawrence. Ssau CUra aad
Baa Joae t9-48s)
A for Morntnc. P for Afternoon.
1 Bsaday sxcepted. t Sunday only
« Saturday only. t M ond »y only.
{Stops st all stations on Suaday^
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
Tlboxoa rerry. Toot of Market Street.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAJT ______ -
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:0O. 11:00 _ m.; 12:33.
3:30. 0:10. 8:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trla
at 11:30 p. m.
Saturdays — Extra trip at 1:50 sad 11:39 p. nv,
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30i 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30^
5:00, 6:20. 11:30 p. m.
8AJf BAPA__ TO SAN FRAZTCISCO.
"WEEK DAYS— fl:03. 7:33, T:8O. 8:20, UlUi
a. m.; 12:30. XM0. 5:00. 8:2O p. m.
Saturdays — Extra, trip at 2:0& aad 8:39 p, m,
SUNDAYS — 8:0O. 9:40. 11:13 a. m.; 1H0. 3:40^
4:06. 6:00. 8:25 p. m.
_ea.re I In Enect j Arriv«
San Ftan. I Oct. 2. 1904. ( San Praa.
Week I Sub- I Destlna- I Sun- J W«k
Days. 1 days. | tlon. | days, f Days.
7:30 a 8:00 a 9:10 a 8:40 a
9 :30 a Isaaclo. 10:40 a 10:20 •
3:30 p 3:30 p 8:05 p 6:20 n
5:10 p 5:00 p 7:33 p
7:30 a 9:l»a| 8:4Os»
8:00 a Novato. 10:10 a 10-.2O m
8:30 p 9:30 a Fetaluma. 6:O5p 6:M»
6:10 p 8:30 p and 7:33 pi
I 5:00 p( Santa Rosa.
7:30 a 10:40 a 10:20 «
8:00 a Fulton. 7:33 p 6:20 a
8:30 p 3:30 p _^
Windsor. I-
7:30 a 8:00 a Healdstrarff, 10:40 a 10:20 m
Lytton.
8:30 p 3:3Qp Geyservlll*. 7:33 p 8:20 o
Cloverdale.
7:30a| 8:00a| Hopland 110:40 a|10:20 »
8:30 p|3:30p| and Cklah. f 7:33 p( 6:20 g
'■ T~ j Wllllts and j I
7:30 a) 8:00 af Sherwood. | 7:33 pj 6:20 p
7:30 at 8:00 at 110:10 a!!0:2O>»
3:30 pj 3:30 pf Guernevllle. | 7:03 pi 6:2O p>
7:3Oal 8:0O at Sonoma. I 9:10 al 8:4Oa
5:10 pi S:0Op| Clen Ellen. | 6:03 p| 8:20 p
' 7:30 at 8:00 al 110:40 allO:2O *
8:30 p| 3:30 p| SebastopoL I 7:33 p[ 6:20 p
STAGES connect at Green Brae for San
Quentln: at Santa Rosa for White Sulphur
Springs and Mark West Sprtnus; at Lytton for
Lytton Springs: at Geyservllle for Skazrs
BprtaKs: at CloverdaU for the Geysers. Bx>n«-
ville and Greenwood; at Hopland for Dun-an
Springs. Highland Springs. KelseyvtlJe. Carls-
bad Spring*. Soda Bay. Lokeport. Bartlett
Springs and Lake County Hot Springs: at
Uklab tor Vichy Springs. Saratctra Spring
Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter Spr:r.?sl
Upper Lake Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's.
Riverside. Lleriys Buckneirs. Sanhedrli*
Heights. Hullvllle. Orr's Hot Springs. Haifway
House. Comptche. Hopkins, Mendocino City
Fort Bragg. Westport and Usal: at Wllllu for
Fort Bragg. Hearst and Sawyers; at Sherwood
for Cahto. Covelo. Laytonvlll*. CUmmtngs
Bell's Springs. Harris, Hubbard. Fruitlaad!
Dyer, GarbenrUle. Camp 3. Pepperwood, ScoUa
and Eureka. -'
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday — Round-trip tickets to all polats
beyond San Rafael at halt rates.
Ticket office. 630 Market street. Chronic!*
buildlnc-
JAS. L. FRAZIER. R. X RTAJf,
t --, :-- Gen. Manasrer. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Mt. Tamalpais Railway
Lt. aaa gr'n^itflp ar* Francises
%k. Dir» SaadayiT ric§ffi$& ~^ni*ji~ VkTOayT
- 8:85a fc_!3krtR^ l:3Op -UOTSOa
0:50a 9:SOa 2:55p 3:33p
~i:45r l:45p _ii?_'____i*_E
Sttar— — 4:35p 8a tardayi ll:13p
*Tia Crarir/ Cw y. ; lit T— uipaii to txH Ttlliy
7EUT I 650 Market St^( North Shore Railroad)
— nCXS I and Sausauto t'__.v. Foot Market S*.
WE£_XY CATJ,. 81.00 PER YEAikCOMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
\i r all-strcet Stocks active and generally higher.
Coiton market makes a slight gain on the day.
Not muck initiation in Silver and Exchange rates.
Lumber market reported in fair condition.
Excellent demand for good Bonds f« this market.
Wheat quiet. Barley and Oats steady and Corn lower.
Bran and oilier Feedstuffs firm ar.d Hay steady.
Beans and Seeds still quiet at previous prices.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs not materially changed. > i
All Provision markets report trade quiet.
Cattle and Hogs continue firm. Dressed Wethers lower, '
Potato market still oicrsupplied. Onions firm.
Poultry zeeak, nith large offerings. Game active and higher.
Fruit market heavily supplied tt**V/» Apples end Oranges.
Tfie Ltmibcr Trade. |
I'ac;fic Ccast Wood ani Iron says: "Thet* j
ha* been ecri'i^erabi*' improverr.» > nt durirg the |
pa*t thirty da.j-». Prices. while Stationary.
bfcve >^ra ueii «usttJned. and ibere Is every
tf-asoa to b*>l!c\e that thore will be no preat
(Jial of cutting even by the neejy during the
Urt month of 19'Ji. Th© demand has been in
creasing In the extent of the territory affeett-d. ]
while ti:o recent Fhipmrr.1 of lumber and tim- j
ber products <■--.■•..: the Horn Is a great de
parture Trom the old-ilm«» regime.
"In the r«iwood market the i-onditions axe 1
Bbou! normal for the firs; of December, al- !
though the recent agreements will affect the |
trade ocnsiderably. The demand for the lutn- '
b*>r ha? been pood, while redwood shingles
have I>«-en Increasing in their movement right
along. Territory never before interestei in
this product if <**l!lng for the mill output and J
there is every reason to belter* that the last '
rronth cf tbta year will find the »one cf tale
far and amay larrer than last year's same
month.
• • > TT'e call for renenU building timbers from
Ban Francisco and its adjacent bay town* Is '
r r ■ ■raUa Oakland and Its »urroun<lirg« hare
ortjtre la fcr many million feet of all kind?
and grades of structural material.
"Thete is no reason for general complaint
In the lumber circles, although perhaps busi
ness is not as great or profits as remunerative
as a year or fo apo this month."
11 1
EASTERN MARKETS.
New lork 3Ioney ilarket.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2.— Close: Money on
cal!, S©4 f«*r cent: closing bid. 3 per cent;
offered at 314 x^ r cent.
Time loan? »et» firm; sixty days and six
months. 4 ver crnt.
frimf n-.*>rcantile paper. 4@4% per c*nt.
fr'frUntr exchance was »teady at the decline.
with actual t>usin«*<s in bankers' bills at
tt.t4U504.He5O for drmand and at $4.8370©
4SS8O for sixty day bill*.
lotted rates. J4 ***?&•* 87%.
rotr.m^rc;fcl M1W. 54 &3>v
Har sliver. 59%c.
Mexican dollsrs. 47*ic
Bonds — Governments, st«-*dy; railroads^ lr
recular.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. ly-c. 2.— The market showed
raLher )»ss \igor and animation than for imn«
irr.f part, the dealings showing a considerable
falling oft* from these of yesterday. But the
acute weakness «*-Uh which the market closed
yesterday was dissipated. The lack of ex
planation for that weakness was a cause of
some disquiet and had a discouraging effect
on large speculative commitments. Hence the
fcialler d«>«.lings. There was no considerable
reccvery in prices outside of the few special
fU-clit and thp strength of picked stocks was
regarded a» the device lareely to sustain the
rert of the market. The Southern trunk lin*>s
■"Afne the conspicuous figures to-day, especially
the Louisville and Nashville group. The (
Inited States Steel stock* and Amalgamated
Oojjper miid<* go<jd recoveries from the early
M-rs5ure. which was quite general, and news
oi metal trade conditions was highly favor
able. It w8lf believei that the arbitrators'
«»ard in the question of the percentage of
toona«re to b* fallowed to the largest inde
1 e:idem i>r«Jduoer of «eel rails had been made
and that prices or tte^l railn would b» main
tained. Movementii as a whole were common
place. Heports of railroad earninKS for Octo
ber showed the prosperous condition in the
Southern fe<ij O n*. The Pennsylvania's net
iiicre**e for Oct»ber was pe*n to be almoat
wholly <lu« lo reduction of operating expenses
on lines bcih east and we?t of Pittrbunt and
Erie. Th<; reported growth of business which
has led to resciniinif the retrenchment plans
of the company with presumable expansion
»£Sin of operatini? r-art had no reflection In
thr etatement. Many of the dormant railroad
Mocks whU-h were awakened into sudden ani
mation yesterday as suddenly relapsed to-day
ir.tf» total neglect. Money was quotably easier
t.wdav. following the enormous shifting of
loans, which was caused by yesterday's pay
ment cf $24.<XW).OOO. on account of Southern
Pacific preferred Mock. The final transactions
of the dsr were the mont active and showed
the greatest ptren^ah. the c)o«ing being- firm.
Bonds were irregular. Total sale*, par value,
t6.1nn.ooo.
RTnfred States bonds were unchanged on call.
The big outiide concern known as the Lon
don and Paris Exchange, which failed on
"Wednesday, rwurr'vi to-day.
Xcw York Stock TJsC
E F. Hutton & Co.. 490 California street.
San Francitco. members of the New York
Etock Exchange, furnish the following official
quotations of that Exchange:
Pal»»>i STOCKS. jHife-h Low. I Bid.] Ask.
.- 'Adams Express..! '240 1248
RT.SOO Amalg Oot»r*r...j g2H Sf-*4 H\%\ 81 »4
(AmerCanCo ! 11^ 11%
I Do pfd 5» 60
R00 Am Cer & Fdr>-. 3374 33\4i 33»4 33Ti
r.<XHK Oo pfd «2*4 »?>> 91% 92l»
30ttiAnier Cotton Oil Xi% 33>-4 33V« 33V,
100, Do pfd 03J-'.| OrjJ^ »2 96U
. RftOiAmer Dlst Tel.. 34=i| .Tl 34*2 34^i
'0f»,Am»r Ex 211 211 (210 214
I Am Grass Twine ! | 914 gr-
S.Kf)f»(Aroer Hide & L.. IO*4J 9%\ 10H 10'i
fi.500; Do pfd 42%) 40*4 42U 424
3.«X» Aroer Ice S\| 7T4 7^ 8
1.300J Do pfd 38*341 37VS 37*4 37%
!Am Linjteefl OH ' 164 17H
Do pfd { 37 I 40
3,*>no,A'iner Locomotive 35 34*4 34%! 85
200« Do pfd 1O3>4 103*. 103 103U
700'Amer Malt ( 6HI 614 «U C4
200; Do prd ! 27' 27 27 27*»
4,400 Am Smelt A.Refl SIS « Pl>4
1.100; Do pfd 113*4 112«i 112% 11314
«,700jAmer Sugar J1494 148 ■148\jl4STi
Do pfd 137 Va! 138 'A
! Amer Tel & Tel. 1 147 14*
COt'lAmer Woolen 23»4 23% 23 | 23H
I Do pfd ; 02 1 «3>£
2.400 Anaconda- 116»4 115% 115 117'
!.Vnn Arlor .1 34 87
t Do pfd I t* en
11.400iA. T * Santa Fe SR4I S7% SdV t S8\
1.2<KV Do pfd |103T4|iati4 103*s|10:;6(i
M.SOO'Balt Ac Ohio i 99*4 j 97*4 1 SH'-il 89*;
lOrij Do ofd j 35%< 83% tC>H| !j5?i
• • IBay gtate Gas.. j |37*4c 50c
9,iof.;u n t cs% os% cshj cs%
... (BrooklsTi Un G«« 218 J223
tl.Sjnft'BrunrRick D & I 11*^ 10"i 11 llli
ijtun Batterick Co CO 58*4 594 62
lMVCanada Southern 72 72' 70' 72
7.:j<Xi Canadian Pacific 134 in*4ll3l 134U
4.I0OC & O SO 49H 49\ 50'
C&A 4S 44
Uo pfd 1 80 85
::::::: c I Fi!^::::!:::::i:::::j^ fe
.... 10 ° 3 !^. 37^ ] vl«
PM & Pt p....ii7 < ;4'i7r.T4 i , 7 « ;ko2
»>» ffA U«i4%!lS4«i'il84*4|lS5
RlftP «aew)j .•»%! 3J 1 r.CH| 3C'4
1.4ft>»'0.lc«^o Terminal! 14 1 4{"iri" j 13 1 14 • |
1.00»M Do l>!d | 2.1^1 2.1 ! 25 j 2*i>4 I
lJJ0r*;Cfclca«O D Tree. I I2":i 12'ii I3«5| ••'it
5cc!c c c «.- ?t L...i w »ii; r»m w> I
! Do. pm 1 ; I" 110:11s J
Cleveland L& WJ. ......... 75 |"r}
! vy t i.'d i 70 120 I
J2.9C0Ct>lo JPce! & Iron! 5fiT4| 551* n«»4 r.C* I
i Do uM 1 " 93ti 01
iCo^uasbas U C&!| | n;?; 17
3CC'Col«> Srui::em ..| 22*4! 22'il «ot* •*%
;:-.r.v.i SJSa'::::i:::::|:::.:;.^if,«
S.4i.-0Consol!''.atM ORri210'<il215>4 215 21<5 '
r/-j;ry,nt Tob Co vt&niOi^ l.iriM ISO 1^17
3.1*>l'O<rn I"-o<lucts ..'. 2."J»4J 22 22H •»•»»?
. onn; vo v f d ..:...' so I 7»%j ko si
3m;. Del & Hudscn .. 1ST 187 1187 I871A
' »).'•< D L & W 1310 ZZ^U. 3TO 340
V* U ft K G ......I 33 Xi" 33 .-535:
. l.«f«'i Do pfd ......1874 56*4 S7JJ 87«4
!»es M & rt.T) 1 24 27,
wx; TJetro.it Un Ry. 7K \ Id. 7S'i
IWHj^trclt Fouthem 7Hi 7>fc 7 71; J
I.»W!« Do rird ..!*»*4l29 23 2t*j
l-i.-.m'-nd Match:!.... .1..... 137 l!i<r
l<i.4«»,Dmiiiin*r ?»cu..I so*; 1 .•» :aj*^ 30*'
T/jC. Do \i-}^C» I 05*41 05^ 1)5 0«
...... .iDnlutii PS1- A.I. ....I:.... 12*4 i: >1 4
!' Do pfd ......! 1;.'.'.. Z\% 2» l 4
Sft.tsorjErie ...* ...-:...} M*;) 3914 3$% 33%
l.»fl0!' Do 1* rM I 73jij. 7.1*4 .73S-41 73%
S00! Do 2J pfd ...,\ 57 I CtJK £.C%| 5C% *
/;.....|E ft T H !.. 60 I 63
1 Do pfd 80 I 83
jGeneral 'Hicmlcal 62^4 «0
i Do pfd 100 [101
400:G«-neral Electric. i 191 190 14K>%|191
|Gt Northern pfd. 1 1 210 I22O
:Qreen C Copper.! I 31H 31 V4
[Havana Tcb Co 36 38
i Do pfd 09*4 06 09"4 99%
«tO ; Hocklng Valley.. 89% S6 85 1 ,* 85»i
1.4tH); Do pfd 00% 90*4 01 fll'i
n.WK>! Illinois Central.. 15Sh 157^1, 1574 1-^7%
T.WX»;internat Paper.. 20"w 19 J » 19 21
l,400j Do pfd 79%| 7SVJ 78% 79
ilnt?rr.at Power «0 Cl
.Internat Pump.. I I 39*4 40
i Do pfd !•■••- ,| H 00
lO«,ilowa Central ...| .''O*,! 30^ 4 , 30 30%
S00| Do pfd ! 56»4| 50 65H 58
.!..... iKanawhs. & Mich ....: *7 33
|K C Ft SAM pfd 82>* 81
400 k C Southern". 31 30i, :<0 30*4
SOU) Do pfd 53 52f*| 52»j f>2\*
Keokuk & Des M j 1*> IS
Lacledc Gaa 95 98
1.3«»>Lake Erie A W. 42%i 40H| 4l>> 3 42
i Do pfd ! 100 103
Long Island i )---«-t 53 t " 2 U
L & N 147H]mli!l*6Si 14T
1.2n,i'Manhattan I16S |l6"H|lC7»i 168
IJlanhat Beach ..! f 1 f>'a 11
.">.6<i0 Metrcpol Seour. . S3H 82«i £2%| S2*-i
Sy.ftKl^etropol St Ry 12«>4 I24?i 12S 11251,,
lO.SfO Mexican Central ! 22 211m 21^ 21" s
2lK)Mlnn & St L ....! «J31,i «2>* «52 | 64
! Do 1st pfd .. .( I I 93 98
2O0 M St I' A S 8 M ttlH 81 &>\i 91U
ZOO; Do pfd |1453ill45Vi 145 146
700 Mo, Kan & Tex.i :«m 33V, 3:5% .T-1'i
3.200; Do pfd t «4>fc| 63% «:*Vi M
45.700 Missouri Pacific lllO^lllO 110% HOVi '
Nash. C & St L..| 20% 20»i
1.2Oo,Nationsl Lead ..] 24H 24 24 21%
1 Do pfd ! 96 86*i
l.SOOiN RR of Mex pMj 43 42% 42",; 43
Ntnl Biscuit pfd! J 55H 56 -
2tX»,X J Central ..1191/191 190 191
2400 N T Air Brake. . il«.'t 159 1»J2 16.1
6.7OO.N Y Central lUO"*, 13«'i 140*^ UOii
. 1.700 N Y C & St L.. 46*-4 45 4C*r4 47
I" Do 1st pfd 112 120
I Do 2d pfd 77 78
!N Y Dock 18 25
100 N Y NH & Hart.jl96»4 ll>6* t 1W0H 197
1.2Q0JN Y Ont & W.. 43Vi 42=5i *-% «
11,200 Norfolk & West . 76H 75*4 75'* 7fi
! Do pfd :j 92 Wi
500 North American . H»l% 1«3% 1^4 lf<4*4
I Northern Secur 124 125
iOmaha l^s 15»Vi
Do pfd 190 195
O S L 4s ICG »4 104
(Pacific Coast ... ' 77V»I 7S«i
Do 1st pfd 9S 11M
; Do 2d pfd 82 84
1.600'Pacific Mail 49 4fl 1 4 47»4 47 s i
64.100;Penn R R Co .. i:5S*4 137% 13S% I.J8V1
25,2C>0; Peoples Gas .... 112*^ 110'i 111% 112
IPere Marqaette 75 SO
P C C « St 1 7« 77
Do pfd 1 104 107
8(*> Pressed Pteel Cari 40«i 40'i 4014 '♦0»;
Do pfd ......(.......'... 80 80«4
*00.Pullman Car Co. 2'0 23SV4 230 2U
2.000|Ry S Spngs Co. 32*4 31% :"2 32*4
I Do pfd 91 % »2
69,700ReadlnK .... 7SU 77*4 78 78«i
600 Do 1st pfd ... K> 884 8S"4 8»
300 Do 2d pfd 80*4 80% .8H"-! 81
2.5<>o!Republlc S & I.. \~% 17>4 17% 17*i
l,e00| Do pfd .. 71% 71 70% 71
8,100;Rubber Goods .. 27H 25vJ 27 27"4
I Do pfd 98 94 90 »7Vi
;sioss.Shef S*ICo 61Vi «2
Do pfd $W 1106
lOO^tJ&GI 17 18 10V4 1"
.'....-.. Do 1st pfd 5B 5S
Do 2d pfd 1 28 2U
StL & SF 1st pf'i 77 7H
1.300 Do2dpfd..... 68 V. «» 68*4
5.2O0 St L & B W 27 25'4 2<!?<i 27
10.JKX) Do pfd 5SV4 65 58% 5^4
21 400 ! So»thern Pacific. «7 66Hi 66% 67
..."...-! Do pfd 117V4 117 I..
24.200' Southern Railwy 36 ( 3«%
1.500 Do pfd 95H J»5*,i
{Standard Oil 632 638
iStand R & Tw :.... -4 i *V»
3.500jTenn Coal & I.. 7« 75% 75*4 75%
Tex Pac L T Co. .......... 3S 39
l.ftWTexas Pacific ... 37U 36*4 37 37ii
IThtrd Ave t -.... 131 133
100'Tol Ry & T Co. I 22U 22^ 22V4 23
!Tol St L & W..1 33*41 36>4
2O> Do pfd I SfiU K> 54%| 55
60f>iT*-in Oty R T.I107 |l06Vi 106% 107
300!Un Bag & paperl 12%J 12 11 I 12
44.3(rf>:i:nion Pacific ..!115%I115 115*41115%
I Do pfd .......1.....1..... 04% 95
ITT P Conv 4s. ...1 15'4l Irt
....'.'. Urnited Coppfr .1 11 I 12
|C R of S F 125 24H 24V4I 24T4
I Do pfd ........ «0 6S% 68%' C8%
1 Do 4s .:... 87 I 88
l.OnolU S Cast I Pipe 2O I 1!>% 2rt I 20%
I Do pfd 79 «4 1 78% 78 179
|U S Express ...| 13 I 13*4
31.C00IU S Leather....! 14«il 13% 14%l 14%
8.4fMti Do pfd ! ORi^l 06 97»4! 98
Onolir S Rubber.... 33»J S3V1 33*41 33%
I.500! Do pfd J>4i,4f 92*4 92%! 04%
122,3noiU S Steel Cor... 32',4' 31% 32%l XtV t
.V>8no| Do pfd 99 I 93*41 04 I 94"H
2.800] Va-Car Chem Co 43 42 ! 42*4 43
xnol Do pfd 113Utll3 JU3 1113^4
1.3(V»;Waba«h I 23^1 23UI 23%l 23%
800! Oo Pfd I 46%l 46%l 46>4I 46%
! Do deb Bs ! ! ;l «S | 68%
IWells-Fargo Ex.! I !242 1250
ICO! Western Union .! S2T* I 02%! 92*41 »-1
1 10O!W*>stfnEhoiis* ..I1R4.I183 lltt 1184
.1 Do lFt pfd. ...| ! !1«2 llflS
;w & l e ...I.....1.....1 20 1 2o«i
200' Do irt pfd ! 47*41 47",l 47Ui 47»i
..; ! DoM pfd I I ! 2S*4,! 20*4
300:wiscon«in Ont. I 23HI 23 V. I 23*41 23*4
' 1.000! Do pfd ! 47%| 47>,i| 47 • 48
1.160,260— Total shares sold.
' S'cw York Bond«.
U S ref 2«i reg. .104 (LAN unified 4s.l03*4
Do couiion 101 '-j. Man con gold 4S.105
Do 3s reg """*4!M«-x- Central 4s... J5
Do coupon 104Vjd Do 1st Inc ..... 24*4
Do new 4« reg.l30*4!Mlnn & St L 4s.. fl7
Do coupon 131 JM. K & Texas 4s. 100*4
Do oM 4s r»-g.ior»*-il Do 2ds . ...,'S9 ;
Do coupon 1O6'4.INR of Mex con 4s M •„
Atch gen 4s. 102%IN Y C gen 3»4«..1O1
Do adj 4s OtU|N J C gen S*...AW&
Atlantic C L 4«: &a%'Nor Pacific 4s lO.'iU
Bait & Ohio 4s..lOS'ii Do :*.« -HV.
Do 3*4s !»C'.4lNor & W con 4.«.lfn*-i
Central of Ga 5s.ni ,OSL 4s £- nartle.lOST^
Do 1st inc !K) |Pa conv 3Vis 103'
Cbes A Ohio 4*is.lO7*4lReadinsr cm 4s.. ..102%
Chi & Alton 3*49- S2MIS I, & I M con 5s.ll6
C B & Q new 4s.lO0*iiS L & S F fg 4s. K>%
CM & SP gn 4s.llOTi % rt Ix>uls SW lsts. 07«
C t KW oon 7s.rs*;!S.aT<oarr' A L 4s. SB
C R I * Pac 4s. Sl»'. i So -Pacific 4«.. ..-. m%
Do col-5« 9+ (So Railway B11 119?;
C C.C. & SL^n 4s.l00%|Tex ft. Pae lsts. .HOSi
Chi T«rm 4n..-.:.-S4»4!Tol. St T, «- W 4n. S3i*.
Cons Tobacco 4s. 85*>4IUnton Pacific 4s.lOfi'i j
Colo * Ro 4*.... 89 I Do conv 4s. l*i;'» .
Colo -Fuel & Iron. SCVlI' S Steel 2d 5?.. !)•_•«',
Drn & Rio G.4>.10l4|Wabash 1st* '.117U
Erie prior lien 4s.lO2 1 Do deb B fiss<5
Xv» pen 4s 92 IW & L Erie 4s... nrjtr
F W *■ D C ists.lOS iWls Central. 4s... 92*4
Hock Val 4*4s...lll',4l ■
Xcw York Mlnfns Stocks.
Mams Con . 25'Uttle Chief . no
KUc" r0 Ontario 3 50,
Brcec- 12lOnhir asO!
nruns Con :' OCIPhoenlx ...'....... > At
Com Tunnel • fWlPotos! 15
r-on Cal & Va. : . . 1 70Pavage '.V.r. :.;.-.. -- 27
Horn Silver*..... 1 WJlHlcrra Nevada.*.":'. "40
Iron Silver ..... 2 20: Small- Hopes ,2ft;
Leadville . Con*.... O2:Stondard" ..-.-..'..-. .1;HO '
Boston Stocks and, Bonds. .-;.
Money— |U S; Stool. :........ 32 U
Call loans 3-SJ41 Do pfd .. ."..:.. 94».J
Time loans 4@5|V»'rfiting Common. 90
Bonds— j Mining—
Atchlson 4s 102 I Adventure ....... tCAb
Do adj 4s »:j*4|AUouer' .......:.. 17»4
Mcx Central 4s.... 75 Amal Copi>cr 81%
Railroads — I Amer .'Zinc 13
Atchlsor. - P8 I Atlantic .:..."..:. 17*4
Do pfd lOr.^tK.lnsham rS7\k
Bo«ton & Albany.254 • ICalumct & Hecla.677>4
Boston & Malne.lCt)*4!Ccntennlal 28! 1
Norton El?v 153 ICcppor P.ango ;..; 70 -
Fltchbur? pfd 14OUinnly Weft ....'... 13
Mex Ccntrtl .. . :.'.'.21»4«D.iia - Coal ««
N Y.-N II f<. H..197 ir.-anklln ......... 12"
Union Paciflc... .llEvi' r 3-*ancy ........... M5
Miscellaneous — Ti'sle Rorale ,.;:... 25 '.4
Amer, Arge Chem. 21^1?.! iss. Mining .... !)>V
Do pfd S5 lMIchlgan ....V.... 8*4
Amer, Pneu Tube. ««4 M.-,hawk ...... :r. 54
Amer Susrar .. . .14fi*4|Mint Coal & Coke -iVi
Do pfd .'.137. lOd Dominion -,..~ 27 %
Amer Tel St •.Tel. 147 *4 lO.'ceoIa ....... . . . M
THE. SAN FRANCISCO 'CALL, SATURDAY,. DECEMBER 3. 1904. . '
Amer Woolen ...23 (Parrot .'.31-
Do pfd 93 iQulncy 115
J>°m Iron & S... 1,3 iShannon 8
Ed Elect Ilium.. 253 ;Tamarack 125
Gen Electric 190 JTrinttv 12Tk
Mass .Electric 15 |U S Mining 28^
l »<> Pfd 62 |U S Oil 11*3
Mass Gas ....... rjo'wtah 43*>i
Lnlted Fruit ....107 | Victoria 4%
Un Shoe Mach... 58 |\Vinona 10tf
°opM 31 ;. Wolverine ..107*4
London Closing Stocks.
Cons Tor money.. 83 IN Y Central .144
Do for acct SS«i|JCor & AVestern... 77 %
Anaconda t> | Do pfd ..94*4
Atchlson 90T4IOnt & Western... 44*4
Do pfd ...106*4 1 Pennsylvania 70%
Bait & Ohio. 100'ilRand Mines 11%
Can Pacific 137**iReading 39%
CEes & Ohio 5O<$4; Do 1st pfd 45
Chi Great West.. 24% Do 2d pfd 4HI
Chi. Mil & St P.1R1 ISo Bailway 36%
De Beers ]8*4( Do pfd H8
Den & Rio G ."W^So Pacific 08*4
Do pfd S8*4i Union Pacific 118%
Erie 4Q%\ Do pfd- 07*4
Do 1st prd 75'4lU S Steel 82*4
Do 2d pfd 58H! Do pfd »- r >Ts
111 Central lP2V4!Wabash 2t
I»u!s & Nash 14« 1 Do pfd 47*4
M. K & Texas... 34 .Spanish 4s 88 Vl
Bar. silver — Firm; 27 7-lCd per ounce, v
Money — 2@2*4 per cent.
The rate of discount in the open market for
short bills is 2 15-1C@3 per cent and for three
months' bills 2'*@3 per cent.
Bank Clearings.
NEW, YORK. Dec. 2.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstrret. shows the bank clear-
Ings tt the principal cities for the week ended
December 1, with the percentage of Increase
and decrease a* compared with the correspond
ing: week last year:
New York '.$2.18fi. 754,651 64?ft ..*?.'
Chicago 19U.250.8i0 4.5 ....
Boston 157,707,495 19.7 ....
Philadelphia 15!, 93:1,714 14.1 .:..
£t. Louis f.3.Of)2.243 .... 7.1
PitUbuig 49.W2.1S1 2S.3 ....
Pan Francisco 35.972.7S1 47.1
Baltimore :. 27.702.1S3 13.3 ....
Cincinnati 25.240,300 0.0 ....
Kar.s«« City 20.222,000 19.1 ....
New Orleans 25,9(3,144 8.9 ....
Cleveland 15,524,655 2.1 ....
Minnecpolfs 25.277,887 15.5 ....
Detroit 10.523,021 1.2 ....
Louisville 12.160.682 7.7 ..'..
Omaha S.&n.n.tS 2.8 ....
Milwaukee 8.CS7.990 0.1
Providence 7.438.20O .... 14.7
Buffalo 7,678,710 .... 4'.4
Indianapolis 6.51R.2.S4 8.8
St. Paul S,210,l«3 11.3
Los Angeles 9,124,198 25.3 ..:.
St. Joseph fi.205.2« 23.3
Denver 6.186.961 ..;. 0.3
• 'olumbus 5.230.6HO 11.3 ....
llemrhis 7.129 4S0 13.1 ....
Seattle 5.275,798 10.5 ....
Richmond 5 745,«O4 12 4 ....
"Washington 5.271,731 20.3 ....
Savannah 6.S10.223 14.8 ....
Albany 4,750.330 16. S ....
Portland. Ore. .. 4.502.599 11.9 ....
Fort Worth 5.220.931 8.3 ....
Toledo, Ohio 13.375.718 ... T.l
Salt Lake Ci'.y ... r».i;:t5.K0<; 24.9 ....
Peoria rj.89.S.(t2r. 7.4 ....
Atlanta". ."5,748,134 12.9 ....
Rochester 3.224,102 16.4 ....
Hartford 2.002.893 11.9 ■ ....
Nashville 2.K92.508 28.4 ....
Des Molnws 2.2S8.S59 5.5
Spokane. Wash. .. 2.975.221 12.5
Tacoma 3.220,316 53.2
Grand Rapids ... 2.005,601 3.5 ....
New Haven ...t. 2.278,714 31.1 ....
Dayton 1.704,704 , S.I
Norfolk 2.292.834 14.1
Springfield, Mass . 1,540,333 6.4
Worcester 1 .309 5.VJ 16.8 ....
Portland, Me l.«7l 762 ' .1.2
Ausrusta. Ga. ... 2.O51.820 29.8 ....
Topeka 964.2S9 39.4
Sioux City 1,734.327 17.0 ....
Syracuse 1.329.532 7.8 ....
Evansville 1.290.10.! 4.0
Birmingham 1.7S6.RS0 2«.O ....
Wilmington, Del.. 1.125.675 7.0
Knoxville 1,269,371 0.9
Davenport 662,768 .... 34 .2
Little Rock 1.320.418 0.8
Wilkesbarre l.«tt».!«9 7.1 ;...
Fall River ....... - 721.748 .... 83.4
Macon A11.O7.1 40.1
Wheeling. \V. Va. P31.834 12.0
Wichita.-. '. . 1,054,550 39.0 ....
Akron '.- 643.000 3.7
Chattanooga . 801.098 5.1 ....
Springfield, 111. . . 784,580 24.5
Kalamazoo. Mich.. 985.580 .... 24.5
Youngstown 595.068 9.1
Helena 928.446 15.5
Lexington .... 739,385 4.8 ....
Fargo. N. D • 781.279 16.3
New Bedford .... . 562,437 13.1
Canton. Ohio .... "510.600 ..., 12.0
Jacksonville, Fla.. 876.658 11.8 ....
Lowell 433.182 6.0
Chester, Pa 419,254 14.1
Gretnsburg. Pa.... 460.381 2.0 ....
Rockford, 111 403,592 9.8 ....
Binghamton 453,6O<) 3.6
Springfield, Ohio . 344.912 .... 3.3
Bloomlngton, 111.. 501.519 44.8
Quincy. Ill 348.571 8.6
Sioux Falls. S. D. 17.1
Mansfield, Ohio . . 22O.766 16.3
Decatur. Ill 319,725 8.6
Jacksonville, 111... 243.412 16.8
Fremont. Neb.'... 222,703 5.0 ....
tHouston 13.540,090 46.1
tGalveston 13.530,000 13.9 ....
Charleston. S. C 1,418.694 25.8
Cedar Rapids 402.071
Totals. U. S $3,195,019,616 42.1 ....
Outgide N. Y... 1.O08.264.865 9.2
CANADA.
Montreal $26,720,638 25.6
Toronto 22.222.723 39.3
Winnipeg 9.201,872 26.8
Ottawa 2.063.8S2 .... 7.0
Halifax : 1.88rt.OOO 2.5
Quebec 1.577,378 5.1,
Vancouver, B. C 1.451,668 6.6 . ... :
Hamilton 1.178.Sf(8 8.9 ....
London, Ont 906,334 4.7
St. John. N. B... 1.057,673 6.3 ....
Victoria, B. C 760.700 1.8
Totals. Canada. $69,0X1,772 24.7 .. ..
tNot Included In totals because containing
other items than clearings.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 2.— To-day's statement
of the treasury shows available cash balance,
(143.255.234; gold. $84,948,243.
New York Cotton' Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 2. — Cotton futures opened
firm. December, 8.B7c; January. 8.60c; Febru
ary. 8.65c; March, 8.82e; April, 8.85e; July,
8.87c. .
Spot eloped quiet. Middling Uplands, 80;
Middling Gulf. 8.25c; sale*. 4100 bales.
The New York Cotton Exchange , has noti
fied its members that no more curb trading
will be allowed.
New York Grain and Produce
NEW YORK, Dec. 2.— FLOUR— Receipts,
18,000 barrels ; exports. 24,800 barrels ; sales,
4300 packages; market dull; Minnesota patents,
$5 S.'ifiO 10; Minnesota bakers, $4 40@4 75. .,
WHEAT— Receipts, 45,000 bushels; sales.
4,900,000 bushels futures. Spot, firm; No. 2
red. $1 20*4 f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Northern
Duluth, $121% f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Manitoba, $1 05 f. o. b. afloat. Winter wheat
being threatened by a- severe cold wave, tha
market to-day acted strong and active on a
bit,' demand from shorts and considerable sup
port through commission houses. Last prices
shoved %<ffl%c net advance. May. $1 11 1-60
1 12%. closed at $1 12%; July. $1 03S1 03%,
closed at $1 03%: December. $1 16%@1 17*4,
closed at $1 17*4. : ."
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
PETROLEUM— Steady.
WOOL — Firm.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, steady; No. 7 invoice.
8*,ic; mild, steady. Futures closed steady; at
a net loss of 5@15 points; sales, . 48, OOO bags;
December, 0.7r>QC.80c; March, 7.10©7.15c:
May. 7.30c; July, 7.45c; September, --7.63c.
SUGAR — Raw, firm; fair refining, 4*4c; cen
trllugal, 90 test, 4»4c; molasses sugar. 4c;
retired, flrm: crushed, 6.15c; powdered, ' 5 . 55c ;
rronulate<V' 5.45c. .
BUTTER — Unchanged.
EGGS — Firm; Western finest - selected, 31®
S2c: do average, best, 29®30c. -
CHEESE— Steady. ;
DTUED FRUITS.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Steady. Common
"%®4Hc: prime.. *M<8*\ic; choice, 5S5*,5c;
fancy.- 1'©« Ho. .
PRUNES— Show an Improved tone. Quota-
tlcns ranRe from 2c to 6c,. according to grade.
APRICOTS— Rule, firm at 9*4®10c for choice.
10»4©10ijc for extra choice and ll@15c for
fancy.
PEACHES— Are quiet; choice. 9@9*4c; extra
choice. 9*4®10c; fancy, 10>4 ©lie-
Xcw York" Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec 2.— The London cables,
reported a severe break In the tin market and
quoted spot at £134 and . futures . at £133.
The local market for spot tin was " lower ' in
sympathy and closed easy at $29 25@29, 75. foi
Copper - wai higher in London and closed at
CtQ 15s" for spot and £67 3s 9d. for futures.
Locally the market was 4 unchanged. • Lake
$14 87»4©'iri 25; electrolytic, $14 75@15; cast-
Ing, $14 &c@i4 in jiif 1 ■iny I i m wiiriiiirp itbi > > \
Lead - was ITrm ; and * unchanged at '■ ?4 60@
4 70 in "the New York market. ■ London •- re
ported • slightly lower - prices,, spot closing at
£12 17s 6d. : : - ■• '■ ,: :
Snalter waa unchanged i at £24 1 17s . 6d . in
London: and: at $5 7505 87*4 Mocally. , /
.* Iron : closed • at . 53s 8d . In i Glasgow i and '-. at
48s-4*4d In , Middlesboro. ' '■', Locally iron was
unchanged. p
CHICAGO BOARD OP TRADE.
i^iiture Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2.— Under ; the. influence of
lower prices for wheat. at Liverpool the market
here to-day opened barely steady. News avail
able Irom tlie South American wheat fields was
conflicting, several reports claiming that wet
weather was interfering with harvesters* oper
ations. In the Southwest' the drought was still
unbrcken and the. continued lack of rain in the
winter wheat territory . wa» one of the prime
factors in starting an ' . upward ■ movement.
Throughout the day the market had the sup
port of the leaders cf the bull crowd. Prices
reached the highest point of the day just be
fore the close. May . touching $1 10%. Final
quotations on May were at $1 10%@l 10%.
Interest in the ccm market was almost en
tirely lost. The volume of business .was the
smallest In many weeks. May closed at 45%c.
I A firm tone was manifest In the oats market.
Trading waa moderate. May closed at 31 Vic.
j Much Interest was exhibited in provisions and
I the volum* of business was very large. At
i the close May pork was up 20@22%c, lard was
up 5c and ribs were 10@12^c higher." -
, The leading futures ranged as follows :
! Articles. Open. " High. J.nw. Clos*.
Wheat, No. 2 —
Dc-cem&er 1 OSVj 1 m; 1 08% 1 09^
! May -.. 10»Mi 1 1O«4 1 o»!s 110%
July .......... »8% 09>/ 4 9814 9U&
Corn. No. 2—
December 48% ■ 4S»i 4S 48%
May 45H 45y 4 45'^ 45%
July ........... 45% 45% 45% 45%
Oats, No. 2—
! December 29 29U 20 29»4
| May ... . -11% ' 31% 3H4
July r.lV* 3Hi 31% 31*4
! Mess pork, per bbl —
! May 13 30 13 22J4 13 05 13 22^
•January ... ...12 S7& 13 00 12 82& 12 97ft
' Lard per 100 lb»—
'January 700 705 700 7 02Va
(May 7 17>4 7 25 7 17>4 7 20
1 Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
January 0 65 6 67',4 6 55 6 65
May fi 75 6 85 6 75 6 85
Cash Grain and Provisions.
CHICAGO. Dec. 2.— Cash quotations were as
fellows: Flour, easy; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 08<Sl 15; No. 3. $1 02@l 10; No. 2 red.
*t 11(&1 12'.4; No. 2 corn, 48V4c; No. 2 yellow.
DOc; No. 2 oats. liO^c; No. 2 white. 32®32i£c;
No. 3 white. 30Vi@S0«;c; No. 2 rye, 73@75c;
good feedinu barley, 'Me; fair to choice malt
ing, 42©40o; No. 1 flaxseed, ?1 13; No. 1
Northwestern. $1 21: mens pork, per- bbl,
$11 M1<11 OS; lard, per 100 lbs, ?7; short ribs
; «;id»s (loose), $•; tiift&G 75; short clear »ldes
(boxed) $»{ »7Vi@7;- whisky, basis of high
wines. $1 24; clover, contract grade, 912 60.
Articles — ■ .'•'.' Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 18,200 18,300
Wheat, bu?hels ......... .82,000 116500
Corn, bushels ............. 381,700 472.800
Oats, bushels 125,100 106,000
Rye, bushels '. 5,000 J 7,300
Barley, bushels 63,800 9,200
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO. Dec. 2.— On the Produce Ex
change to-day the. butter market was steady.
Creameries. 10Q2oVje; dairies, 16ffi22c. Eggs
firm at mark. lSf'»i©24c. .. Cheese' steady, 11
S12c. ' - .. • .
CATTLE, SHKEP AND HOGS.
Chicago.
CHICAGO, Dec. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts,
3000, Including 6C0 Westerns; market, steady
to strong;' good to prime steers, $6 10@7 25;
poor to medium. $3 75@5 85; stockers and
feeders, ?2®4 35; cows. . $1 2504 10; heifers
$1 &5@5 25; canners, $1 40®2 45; bulls. $2&>
4 20; calves, $3@7; Western steers, $3 50S)
5 10. .
HOGS — Receipts. 30.000; to-morrow. 25. 00O;
market 5c higher; mixed and butchers, $4 45@
4 70; good to choice heavy, $4 55@4 70; light,
$4 35®4 60; bulk of . sales. $4 50#4 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 8,000; sheep, strong;
lambs, stea'dy; good to choice wethers, $4 40@
4 0o; fair to choice mixed, $3 50^4 35; West
ern sheep. $3@5: native lambs, $4 25@6'15;
Western lambs, $4 25&tf; shorn lambs,' $6 50®
7 25.
Omaha. -~
OMAHA. Nebr., Dec. 2. — CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 16ix); market active to strong; native
steers, $3 75fiG 25; cows and heifers, $2 50*52
3 80: Western steers, $2 00@4 70; Texas steers.
?2 7. r >@3 75; ranee cows and heifers, $2 'Mift
3 30: canners, $1 73@3 30; stockers and feed
ers. $2 ."(•'(H; calves, $3@5 50; bulls and stage,
?2@3 SO.
HOGS— Receipts. 8000; market 5c higher;
heavy, $4 45@4 55; light. $4 4.VS4 55; pigs,
$1<34 40: bulk of sales, $4 45@4 50. '
SHEEP — Receipts, 8<»0; -market. steady:
Western yearlings, ?4 25@4 75; wethers, $4@
4 6fi; ewes, $3 8O@4 50; common and stockers,
p B0@4 40; lambs, $4® 6.
Kansas City.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Dec. 2.— CATTLE—
Receipts, 1000: market strong to 10c -, higher;
native steers. $3 50@6-25;- Southern steers.
$2 50t@4 25; Southern cows, $1 50^3 25; native
cows andiiPifers ?1 !4O4?r>; stockers and feed
ers, $2<?i3 50; calves. $2 50@6 25; Western
steers. $3fi"4 75; Western cows, $1 50tf$3 50.
HOGS — Receipts, 0000; market, steady; bulk
of sales. $4 3O®4 60; heavy, $4 55@4 70; pack
ers, ?4 45@4 65; pigs and light. $3 75@4 45.
SHEEP — Receipts, ..-1000: steady; lambs.
$4 IVV36; range wethers, $4@4 90; ewes, $2 50
©4 2R,
MISCELLANEOUS MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — Dec. March. May.
Opening 7 m 7 '•% 7 4H
Closing 7 1T4 7 3*4 7 3%
PA "R.I S
Wheat — . Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 24 20 25 60
Closing , 24 20 25 40-
Flour— '
Opening >.:... 32 10 " 33 30
Closing ............32 00 33 10
v Xorthern Wheat Market. '
OREGON.
PORTLAND. D?c. - 2— WHEAT— Export.
Walla Walla. 80c; bluestem. 85c; for East.
Walla Walla, 85c. ,; >
WASHINGTON.
TACCMA. Dec. 2. — WHEAT— Bluestem. SSc;
club, S5c.
Northern Business.
SEATTLE,- Dec. 2.— Clearings, $790,354;
balances. $101,220.
TACOMA. Dec. 2. — Clearings, $354,789;
balances. $O2.S11.
PORTLAND^ Dec. 2.— Clearings. $703,440;
balances. *114. 131. /
-SrOKANE. Dec. 2.— CTearings, $571,333;
balances, $100,404.
LOCAL MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
All rates remained about the same, yesterday.
LOCAL.
Sterling Exchange, sixty days.. $4 84 ®t 8 IK
Sterling Exchange, sight 4 86 % ©4 87
Sterling Exchange, cables ...... 4 87*,i<04 87*4
New York Exchange, sight;. ..Par & —
N. Y.' Exchange, telegraphic... 02*4@ —
Silver, per ounce- .........' — 0 59?i
Mexican Dollars 4S*4@> 48%
INTERNATIONAL.
New York on Paris ...5159s
New York on Mexico 205
Paris on London ...' 25.15*4
Berlin on London 20.39
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Foreign markets showed little
change. Argentine reports indicate a material
advance In conditions. j
Chicago was IVic higher. The Modern Miller
says that moisture continues lacking in the
entire winter Wheat' belt east of the -Rockies
and that the plant is suffering In the South- I
east .where damage is reported. Rain or snow
is needed ' to relieve the crop everywhere.
There was no change worthy of comment in
this market, trading being light, both in
futures and the. cash grain.
CASH WHEAT.
California Club. $1 45@1 52*,i; California
White Australian. $1 60@l 62*4; ■ Northern 1
Club, $1 5001 02*4, with none offering; North- |
era Blueitcm, $1 C0@ 1 62*4; Northern Red
?1 47*4 per ctl. " ' i
•-■'■ FUTURES. j
Session 9 to 11 :30 a. m.
Open. High. Low. Close. '
May ........ $1 -43?4 $1 43"V4 $1-43% $143%.
December ... 1 4014 1 40*4 1 40*4 l 40Vi
2 p.-'m. ' Session. 1
Open.- High. Low. Close. \
December- — No sales; $1 40 bid. . • •
May ........«l 43'4 .$1 43*4 $1 43% $1 43=K
Dec. (1905)— No sales; ?1 29 bid, SI 29%. asked. -
BARLEY— Some dealers found the cash Feed
rather weaker, .while r. others quoted previous ■
prices. The heavy receipts were due to the .
arrivals' of four, ships from Port Costa with
cargoes There was no • material change In ;
<utures v . cash B - LET - .1; j
Feed. $1 0501- 13*4: Brewing and Shipping, i
$1 1501 17*4; Chevalier, . $1 15©1 20 per ctl.'
. FUTURES.
Session 9 to; 11:30, a. m.
May— No salesr$l 08% bid. $1 O9>4 asked. 2
December— No sales; $1; 10% bid.
, 2- p. m.' Session.
May—No sales; $109% asked. .
Decemberr-No sales; tr 10*4 bid.. $1 10% asked. >
' .OATS— There Is nothing new to report. .Trade "
- a \Vnlte'. i $l-42Hei'57%: Surprise. $1 6591 60;
Red for feed, $1 32 >4@1 45 for . No. ■ - 1 ' and
$1 22*4@1 30 for No. 2; extra: fine fer'feed.
$1 42*/.@l CO; Brack. $1-SO©1 35 for feed'and
$1'45©1 t'2*4 for seed. .. . . -:,. .1
■■; CORN— Small ' round yellow is , very" scarce, :
and as it is mostly In the hands of one dealer,
he can do about" what he pleases with the mar
ket:i. He-quotes it at ?1 80. - Other: kinds are
lower ■ owing to liberal • offerings from ' Chicago •
and impending : receipts of the California crop,
which has hitherto been too damp for shelling.
'• Western .eacked, $1 40@l 45 for -Yellow.
White and Mixed; California large Yellow,'
$14057145; small round- do, $1 SO: 1 White,
nominal: Eiryptian.\. ?1 35@1 40 for .White j and j
$1 17VieiC<>-for.-Brcwn. . - :
- RYE— $1 40S 1. 45. per -ctl. ■ •
.BUCKWHEAT— Nominal at . about- $2 -per
cental.' _-. . - .'-■"■■ - .. • ■". . . ■ • '
FIoiu*; aiicl Mlllstuffs.
FLOUR— Calif ornla \ Family ; Extras, $4 80® "
Family Retail Market.
f Prices of fresh ranch Eggs have had another
I decline since last week and they will probably
, be: lower before many days. Butter is" still
In 'good, supply, and cheap;
i Turkeys : are higher but otherwise there is
! nothing new to report in Poultry. Game,
Meats and Fish stand about. as before quoted.
i Several changes will be noted in Fruits and
• Vegetables, Richmond Coal is 00c per ton
higher. ■ . \-
I COAL, PER TON—
I Wellington .$— @10 00| New
.Seattle . $— ® 8 6<H Wellington.*— @10 00
Roslyn $ — @ 9 00! Wellington .
Richmond ..$— @10 001 Nut ..$— © 8 CO
Coos Bay ..$ — @'T 50|
DAIRY PRODUCE. ETC.—
Butter, choice.sq.— @10| Best Ranch ...404845
Do good . ..". .30^351 Common do. .35@37 J /i
Do packed, lb.— @25 Storage :..SO©35
Cheese, Cal :13@20| Eastern ....... .25^30
Cheese. Eaatern.20#25| Honey. - comb, lb. — ©15
Cheese. Swiss ..25@35j Do extracted .. SfclO
Eggs, per dozen— |
POULTRY AND GAME—
Hens, large. ea.C5@00| White Geese, ea.20O23
Do small 50@C0| Brant, each 2."»@UO
Young Roosters. 4 Rabbits, each ..20*823
each ........ 75c@$l| Hare, each — @20
Old Roosters, ea.50iSfi3i English Snipe, At— @S4
Fryers, each ...50085! Common do,dz?2@2 50
Broilers, each . .40@50| Wild Ducks, each —
Turkeys, per Ib.24!g26i Mallard 50f65
Ducks, each . .65c®$li Canvasback ...75ffflO
Geese, each..— ©$1. 501 Sprig ...4C<&50
Goslings $262 25! Teal —©25
Pigeons, pair... — @50| Red Heads ..... — 010
Squabs, per palr.5O@U0l Widgeon 30ifir3.*S
Wild Doves. doz.Sl 50| Small Ducks . ...2O®25
Gray Geese, ea. 400501
MEATS. PER POUND—
Roast -Beef: I Mutton Chopa ..— @13
Choice cuts ..15@20iPork Chops ....— «15
Do plain 1O012V4I Veal Cutlets ....16<W13
Roast Veal ..12*4@16| Corned Beef — Q 8 I
Roast Pork . .12V, ©15! Beef Stew 8®10 I
Foreqtr Lamb. — ©12 H| Mutton Stew ... 5«J 8
Hlndqtr Lamb.. — (rl5( Veal Stew ....10©12H
Foreqtr. Mutton.. 8<glO Soup Meat 6© 10 ■
Leg Mutton — @10 Soup Bones 4$—
Tndrloin Steak.l2»4@15 Hams 15616 |
Portrhse Steak. .lS@20i Bacon 15®20 i
Sirloin Steak.. 12*40151 Pork Sausage. .12^015
Round Steak.. 10®12"-i Chipped Beef . .200—
Lamb Chops . ..15@20| Lard . .12*4® —
FRUITS AND NUTS—
Alllgtr Pears,ea.25@35|Oranges, dozen —
Almonds 15©20j .Fancy 30<g60
Apples 4@ 8| Common 10>g25
Chestnuts, lb .. — @15| Plums lb 5@ « '
Cranberries, qt...lO@UjPean«. ' cooklng.lb. A@ 5
Pecans ........ .— @20| Do eating ...10® 12*4 1
Brazil Nuts -.'...20®— | Pineapples. each.25iS50
Bananas, doz ..25<?M5! Persimmons, doz.1'0^30
Cocoanuts. each.— #10, Quinces 3@ 5
FIks. dried, lb. . 6®10f Raisins, lb .". 10@15
Do,^. fresh,lb.l2«4®15[ Raspberries, per
Grape Fruit.dz.75c@$lj per drawer ..3(Vg«5
Grapes, lb Sfill 2% [Strawberries,
Hekieberrtes Ib.15"? — | per drawer ...3tVg."?S
lemons, dot lO025|Tangerines, doz.. 10<?20
Limes, doz 10@15| Walnuts, per lb. 15@20
VEGETABLES—
Artichokes. doz.50®$l|Mushrootns lb ...25@50
Beets, dozen ....10®— Onions, per Ib...3ft3»i
Beans, white, lb. 5@— Okra: dried. lb..2C@—
Colored, per lb. 6@ — Potatoes, per .• Ib.l*^ig2
Dried Lima. lb. 5<3 6 Parsnips, per dz.15620
Green Lima. 8@1O| Radishes, dz bch.l5(g:20
Cabbage, each V. 5@10| Rhubarb, lb — & 3
Celery, head . . . 5@10" Sage, dz bnches.25@ —
Crees, dz bunch.15®— I String Beans, lb. 8@10
Cucumbers, doz. .25@30|Summer Squash
Garlic .......... 6® 8 per lb 6@ 8
Green Peppers.lb. 50 S Sprouts, per lb.. — ® 9
Dried Peppers :.10©20 Spinach per lb. — © 5
Egg Plant. lb.lO@12*4 Sweet Potatoes.lb — ® 2
Green Peas, lb. .. 6@10|Thyme. dz bnchs.25^30
Lettuce, per doz.lK«?30l Turnips, per doz. — ©1.1
Leeks, dz bnch.l5®20| Tomatoes, lb 5-@>tO
FISH. PER POUND —
Barrreouta . .10@12*£| Rockcod — ©15
Carp — @10 Sea Bass — ©U'%
Catfish — @124 Smelts 1O#12H
CodHsh — ©12H Seles. 10®15
Flounders .100— Skates, each 10® 15
Halibut 15@— Squid — ®—
Herring ........ 8@10) Tomcod 10® —
Mackerel 15© — Turbot 20® —
Do horse ...12*40 — Trout — ®75
Rockflsh — @12% Whlteflsh ..10® —
Salmon, fresh.. — 612*4 Clams, gallon ..00® —
Do smoked . . — @20 Do hardshell, lb 8910
Sardines ....... 8&10 Crawfish. perlbl2*4©15
Shad 103 — Crabs each ....20*925
Striped Ba?B..12U{?15 Mussels, lb 12Hfil5
Perch ..........100— | Oysters. Cal. 1OO.4O05O
Pomplno ....... 75ctj?$l| . Do Eastern. dz.20<3 | 40
£ -. 1
5 10. usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $4 70@5;
Oregon and Washington, ' Jobbing at $4S i 50
per bbl.
M1LLSTUFFS — Prices In packages are as
follows: Graham Flour, $2 75 per 100 lbs;
Rye Flour, $3 25; Rye Meal. $3; Rice Flour.
$7; Corn Meal. $2 50; extra cream do. $3 60;
Oat Meal. $4; Oat Groats, $4 25: Hominy.
$3 60®3 85; Buckwheat Flour, $4 25; Cracked
Wheat. $3 76; Farina, . $4; Whole Wheat
Flour $3 50; Rolled Oats bbis. $6 75@7 50; la
sacks. $4 25; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas,
boxes, $5 50; Green Peas, $5 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay aiid'Feedstiiffs.
The situation is unchanged. Bran and other
Feedstuffs being firm and Hay steady.
BRAN— $20021 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $25@28 per ton.
SHORTS — $20(821 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $24@24 60 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31 50©32 60;
jobbing, $33; Cocoanut Cake. $23@24; Cocoa- !
nut Meal. $24g25: Corn Meal, $31 50®32;
Cracked Corn. $32®32 50; Mixed Feed. *22® i
2S; Horse Beans, $30@40 per ton; Broom
Corn Feed, : 90c per ctl.
HAT— Wheat $10@13; Wheat and Oat $10®
14; Oat. $9^12; Barley and Oat. $8311; Volun
teer Wild Oat. $7@10; stable. $:»JflO; stock.
$5 50® 7; Clover. $7@10; Alfalfa. $9@12 per
STRAW-^35@60c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
All descriptions under this head continue
Quiet and featureless at prices hitherto ruling.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 75@3; Pea. nominal;
Butter. $3@3 25; small White. $3 15Q3 30;
large White. $2 40©2 65: Pink. $2 75@3 15;
Red. $4 25@4 50 : Lima. $4 15@4 25; Red Kid
neys, $4 50; Blackeyes. $2 60®2 75 per ctl;
Horse Beans. $1 S5@2 40.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal — no good
lots offering; Yellow Mustard 3%®3%C; Flax.
$2@2 75; Canary, e^c; Alfalfa, 12V4@13c;
Rape, .•1}4®2 1 4c: Timothy. 5%c; Hemp 3*4®
3%c:per lb: Millet. 2*4@3*4c; Broom' Corn
Eeed. ' $20@21 per ton.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 75@2 50; Green
Peaa. $1 75®2 60 per ctl.
Potatoes. Onions and Vegetables.
Receipts of Potatoes were moderate, but
there * as an abundance of old stock on hand
and the market continued weak for general 1
offerings. Strictly fancy Salinas and . river
Burbanks were scarce and easily commanded
top prices. Three cars of Sweets were mar- |
keted. causing a decline in prices. Onions ruled
firm . at unchanged rates.
Receipts ot southern vegetables were liberal
and good lots sold oft well at steady rates.
Some of the Peas, Beans and Egg Plant were
of poor quality and prices had a wider range
in consequence.
POTATOES— Burbanks from the river. 400
70c per ctl; Salinas Burbanks $1 10@l 42*4 per
ctl: Oregon Burbanks, 75c®$l per ctl; River
Reds, 60® 70c per ctl; Sweet Potatoes, 75@S5c
per ctl... ■ "
ONIONS— $2@2 40 per ctl for fancy; cut onions,
$1 7562 per sack.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas, 3®6c per lb:
String Beans. 3*4@5c per lb; Wax Beans, -lf?3c;
Lima Beans, 4®6c per lb; Tomatoes. 50c@$l
per box for bay and 75c@$l for southern; Sum
mer Squash, 75c per box for southern and
. for bay; Cabbage. G5<S70c per ctl: Carrots, J
75c per Back; Cucumbers, $1 per box; Garlic, 4 H
@6c per lb; Egg Plant, large box e s, $i«i 25; do
southern. 4'a'7c per lb; Dried Peppers, nominal;
Green Peppers. 40©50c per box; Marrowfat and
Hubbard -Squash $10@12 . per ton for round
lots. 1 . . .
; Poultry and "Game."
The Poultry market was ■ still heavily sup
fillcd and weak for everything In the chicken
ine except Broilers and^large California Hens,
which -were steady at previous prices. The
market was overstocked with small California
Hens, -which dragged badly at lower prices.
Good ..Turkeys.- Geese and Ducks were firm.
Four cases of • dressed Turkeys came in and
Bold at the quotations. Trade in Game wad
active and several kinds of Wild Ducks were
higher. ■
POULTRY— Dreesed Turkeys. 20@23c per lb;
Live Turkeys, 15® 17c per lb; Geese, per pair,
$2@2 25: Goslings. $2 25ift2 50; Ducks. $5@t:
per dozen for. old and $C®S for .'young; Hens,
$4®4 50 for small and $5<g5 60 for large: young
Roosters, $5@5 50; old Roosters. $4@4 50; Fry.
ers. $404 50; Broilers. $2 50@4; Pigeons, $1@
1 25: Squabs. $2®2 25.
GAME — Mallard- Ducks. $3@4 per dozen;
Canvasback. $3@5;- Teal, $1 25®1 50; Sprig.
$202 50; Widgeon, $1 25<fj>l 50: Red Heads.
$1 50®2: small Ducks $1@1 25; Gray Gerse,
$2®3; White; Geese. $1@1 75; - Branf. $1 25©
2 50: Honkers, $3@5; Snipe. $3 for English and
$1 50 for common; Doves. $1 25; Hare. $1 50®
1 "5;: Rabbits, $2 for Cottontails and $1 50 for
Brush.-. ■ >
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.^:-
While ' the ■ Cheese market Is no lower, the
trade report an • easier feeling. . Receipts of i
new are . showing elgns of Increasing and the .
tendency' ; is to' sell. 1
■ Butter and Eggs remain about as previously
quoted ; and '. show no change in market condi
tions,, except that Butter is slowly cleaning up 1
and i stocks, while • ample, are by no • means as ;
excessive as they were up , to a few days ago.
There are sufficient Eggs of all kinds on the
market to eatlsfy the demand. MrV*1WHK
• Receipts . were 57,100 lbs:. Butter. 470 cases
Eggs and 20,700, lbs Cheese.
BUTTER- : -Creamery , at'-, first • hands, 21c
for - extras ■- and lSg20c for lower to medium
grades: ? dairy. 17@18c; cold storage, nominal;
store ! Butter 10® 14c ; Eastern cubes, nominal ;
Eastern ladle- packed, 15® 16c.
CHEESE— 11 '/2612c for choice mild new and
.10911c -for 'bid: cold storage, 10!4<Bllc;. Young
Americas ] 12@12*£c: Eastern. 10®] 5c -per lb. /-
EGGS-^Ranch,- 35©3Sc for good to fancy and
■ 2S®82V4c for common; cold; storage, 25®30c;
Eastern - 25<92Se for ' choice, 22@21u for ' stand
'' ards and - 19@21c for seconds.
. Deciduous arid • Citrus Fruits. .
; : Previous . conditions -prevailed . in fresh fruits
and i aside •:'.. from ; an ; advance " In I Strawberries
'and the -best Grapes there were no changes In ■
I prices. , Th« Improvement In the demand for
I Oranges noted In the last report ceased as
suddenly as it commenced and all dealers re
ported a weak market for that and other
Citrus fcults. The steamer Breakwater from
Coos Bay added 2700 boxes to the stock of
Apples and there was continued weakness In
that department of the market.
STRAWBERRIES— Longworths, $10®15 per
chest: Cheneys. $386; Mallndas and Brandy
wines. $4@6. . '•■-.■
RASPBERRIES— $7©8 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— »®llc per lb.
CRANBERRIES — $10©ll per bbl for East
ern and ?2 75®3 per box for Coos Bay.-
APPLES— $1 25 per box for extra fancy, 75c
C$1 for ordinary fancy, and 40@65c for common
to choice; Lady Apples. $2jt2 25 per box. -
PEARS— Winter Nellls, $1 50 per box; cook
i Ing varieties, 50c@$l p^r box.> j -.
■ PERSIMMONS — 50®65c per box.
: GRAPES— Crates. $1 25 -for Verdel and 40@
i 85c tor other varieties; small boxes, 3C@50c;
open boxea, .
CITRUS FHCITS— Oranges. Navels, $lg2
per box; Seedlings, 75c@$l; Tangerines 75c for
small and Jlftl 25 for large boxes: Japanese
Mandarins, H 25«1 50 per box; Lemons. *2 50O3
for fancy $175^2 25 for choice and *1«1 50
for standard!!: Grape Fruit, $1 75®2 50; Mexi
can Limes, ?4 per case;. Bananas. $2Q3 per
bunch for Central American and fl@2 for Ha
waiian; Pineapples. $1 5003 00- per dozen.
Dried Frnits, Xuts, Raisins, Honey.
FRUITS— Apricots 8«10^c for. Royals and
0H«?12c for Moorparks; Nectarines, 0ttG7%c
for White and ou,©7c for Red: Peaches. 7*4©
• 8»4c per lb; Pears. 7612c; Plurna, pitted. 6®
I 6\ic for blacks. 7}#©&Hc for red and 7«S%c
1 for yellow; Figs, 2- crown bricks. 60c; 3-crown.
65c; 4-crown, 60c; 6-crown. 65c: bulk whit*.
2>i@3c; black 2H@5Hc; Evaporated Apple*.
4 J ,i©6%c per lb. '
PRUNES— l%®l*ic per lb for the four slaes
and 2Vjc basis for the large sizes.
RAISINS — 1904 crop f. o. b. Fresno—Im
fperial clusters. $2 25®'- 50; Dehesa. $1 3091 35;
i London Layers $1 HI 10; Loose Muscatel*. 4-
I crown. 5@5Uc; 3-crown. 4Hc; 2-crown. 3V;@
' :i*»c: Seeded. 4%@6%c; Thompson's Seedless,
| 4H64HC: Seedless Sultanas. 3)4c per lb.
i XUTS— Walnuts, No. i sofUhell. 129
' 13c; No. 2. 10®llc; No. 1 hardshell, 12c;
I No. 2. 10c; Almonds, 16<{?17<j for Nonpariels.
14@14^c for I X L. I3H@UHc for Ne'Plua
Ultra and lie for Languedoc; Peanuts. ft@7c for
Eastern; Pecans. ll@13c; Cocoanuts. $ I 5O&3:
Chestnuts, 7S!»c per lb for California and 11®
12%c for Italian.
HONEY— Comb. 11HG13C for whlt» and 10^
lie for amber; water white extracted B%®
'He; light amber extracted. 5®5^o; dark, ZQ
, 4%c.
I BEESWAX— 27®29c per lb.
Provisions.
Reports . from all over the country continue
to show quiet and .featureless markets. " ■
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 10V4c per lb for
heavy. lOHc for light medium. 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 14%c for sugar -cured;
dry Salt Sides. 10c; Bellies, lie; Eastern sugar,
cured Hams. 124§12»;c; California Hams,
12@12Uc: Mess Beef. 10^10 50 per bbl; extra.
Mess, $10 6*311: Family. $12012 50; prime
Mess Pork. $14 30; extra clear. $22; Mess.
$16 50: Pig Pork. $25; Pigs' Feet. $5; Smokod
Beef. 14c per lb.
LARD — Tierce* quoted at 8%c per lb for
California compound. 7c for Eastern compound
and 9<89\$c for pure; half-barrels pure IUO
9%c; 10-lb tins. 10V4c; 5-lb tins.' 10%c; 3-lb
tins. 10%c. • - • -- •'
COTTOLENE— One half barrel, 8%e: Xhnm
half barrels, 8^c; one tierce, 8%c; two Uercea>'
8%c; five tierces. 8V4c per lb.
Hides, Tallow. Wool and Hops!
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands cell
about under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9Vjc; Cow
Hides. 9Hc for heavy and 9%e for tight:
Stags. 7c; Salted Kip. lOtfc; Salted Veal,
lie; Salted Calf. ll%c; dry Hides, l«Hc: dry
Kip. 15c; dry Calf, 20c; Sheepskins, shearlings,
25@40c each: short Wool. 40gR5c each; me
dium, 75S9Oc; long Wool. $1©1 50; Horse
Hides, salt. $3 for largo and $2 SO for
medium. $1 60©2 for small and 60c for Colts;
Horse Hides dry. $1 75 for large and $1 250
1 50 for medium. $1 for small. 50c for Colt*
Buck Skins — Dry Mexican. 30c; dry saltad
Mexican, 25c; dry Central American. 80c- Goat
Skins — Prime Angoras. 75c: extra largs do
$1 25; large. 60c; medium. 35c; small, 20c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4©4^c per'lb-
No. 2. 3%c; Grease. 2%©3c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin and South
ern. 9@llc; Southern. 8#9c; Southern Moun
tain. 9®llo; Middle Counties, free. 12@14c
do defective. 10@12c; Northern free 12014c
do. defective. 10@12c; Humboldt and Mendo
clno. lCglSc per lb.
HOPS— 1904 crop. 27 hi 631c per Ik.
Meat Market
A slight decline In dressed Wethers is re
ported. Lambs are running poor, as it is the
end of the season, but Spring Lambs are ex
pected In soon. Otherwise there is nothing
new to report.
DRESSED MEATS.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 667c for Steers and 4®SHo per lb
for Cows.
VEAL— Large. CQ7^c: small. 7©9o per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%e; Ewet. 6&S7c
per lb.
LAMB— 8%@»Hc per lb.
PORK— Dressed Hogs, 6»4©SVic per lb.
LIVESTOCK MARKET.
The following quotations are for good, sound
Livestock delivered In San Francisco, less 409
45 per cent shrinkage for Cattle:
CATTLE— Steers. 7H©7Hc; Cowa and Heif
ers S^OVic; thin Cows 4@5c per lb.
CALVES — 1@4 V,c per lb' (gross weight).'
SHEEP— Wethers. 3H@3Hc; Ewes. 3@3Ko
per lb (gross weight).
LAMBS— $2 50®2 75 per head. "- »- .:
HOGS— Live Hogs 200 to 250 lbs. 4%94%c;
130^0 200 lbs. 5@5i;c: 80 to 130 lbs. 4£&4%c;
soft Hogs, not wanted; Sows. 20 per cent off;
Boars, &O per cent off. and Stags, 40 per cent
off from above quotations.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — Grain Baga 5%©5%c spot and 9c
for next year; Wool Bags 30332c; Fleece
Twine 7%c. . .---■
COAL—Wellington $8 per ton; New. Wel
lington. $8; Seirttle, $6 60; Bryant. $6 50;
Beaver Hill. $5 5O;'Roslyn. $7; Coos Bay. $5 50:
Richmond. $8; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and
§14 25 In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Welsh Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh Lump,
$11 50; Cannel. $9 per ton; Coke. $11 50£13
per ton In bulk and $15 In sacks; Rocky Moun
tain descriptions. $8 60 per short ton.
OILS — Quotations are for barrels; for cases
add 6c; Linseed. 51c per gallon for boiled and
49c for raw; Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c;
Bakers' AA. cases. $1 10® 1 12; Lucol. 50o for
boiled and 48c for raw; China Nut. cases.
CoiJfSOc per gallon: Cocoanut Oil. in barrels.
58c for Ceylon and S5c for Australian ; extra
bleached winter Sperm Oil 68c: natural winter
Sperm Oil. 63c; extra bleached winter Whale
Oil, 57c; natural Whale OH. 62c; extra winter
strained Lard Oil. 75c; No. 1 Lard Oil. 65c;
pure Neatsfoot Oil, 73c; No. 1 Neatsfoot Oil.
63c; light Herring Oil. 42c; dark Herring Oil.
40c; Salmon CM. 34c; boiled Fish Oil. 37c; raw
Flab. Oil. 35c; boiled Paint Oil. 33c; raw Paint
on. 3ic
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 19Hc; Astral, 19He;
Star. 19%c; Extra Star. 22Hc; Elaine, 26c;
Eocene. 21 He; Deodorized Stove Gasoline. In
bulk. 16c; In cases, 22%c; Benzine, In bulk,
13c; In cases. 10 He; 86-degree Gasoline. In
bulk. 25c: in cases. 31c.
TURPENTINE— 78c per gallon In cases and
69a In drums and Iron barrels.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. 7%«»
7%a per lb; White Lead. 7V4e7«ic accordlt g
to quantity.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining • Com
pany quotes as follows, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes. A Crushed and Fine Crushed 6.25c;
Powdered, 6.10c; Candy Granulated. <M0c; Dry
Granulated, fine 6c; Dry Granulated coarse.
6c; Fruit Granulated. 6c: Beet Granulated
(100-lb bags only). 5.90c; Confectioners' A. 9c;
Magnolia A. 6.60c; Extra C. 5.50c; Ooldsn C.
5.4Oc; "D," 5.30c; barrels. 10c more; -half
barrels, 25c more; boxea. 60o more; 50-Ib baga,
10c more for all kinds.- Tablets — Half barrels,
6.50c; boxes 6.76c; 11. & E. Crystal Domtnos.
9c per lb. No orders taken for lees than sev
enty-five barrels or Its equivalent.
Receipts of Produce.
. FOR FRIDAY, DECEMBER 2:
Flour, qr sks.. S3, 049, Sugar, ctls .... "440
Wheat, ctls . . . 9.338^4^^. rott, . .
Barlev. ctls ,.. 162. 7C!> Hides No ...... 636
Beans'.; sks .... 4,Wt|lMt?. bdls 1.803 1
Potatoes, sks .. 2.70ftiLime. bbl* 455
Onions, sks ... 350'Chicory bbis ... 40
Bran, sks 285, Raisins, bxa ... 500
Feed, sks 122|Qu!cksIlver. risks 40 1
Hay tons .»... 687IBrandy. gals ... 3,<5CO'
Wool, bales .... 42iWlne. gals ..... 49 310 !
Tallow, ctls ... SSI ;
Wheat, ctls ... 12,0001 Wool, bales .... 2!
Potatoes, sks 671 ,
STOCK MARKET.
Active Demand for First Class Bonds
. Reported. .
Aside from the current lively movement in
the sugar stocks ihi- feature of the market at
the moment Is the active demand for first-c'aas
bonds. The brokers say that- this . demand is
from individual capitalists and . investors as a
rule -and that they are brisk buyers of bond*
that! will bring them in 4$5 per cent. .Sales of
bonds }*sterday were $108,000. There was
quite a variety, of shares dealt 'in, with . the
sugars steady and Paauhau- higher . at $20 500
21 and Hutchinson also higher at $15 12*40
15 25. ' Alaska - Packers was Weak - and - lower,
selling from $02 down to $90. Gas and Elec
tric was lower at $54 37>4G53 60.. and there
were a number of sales of . Oceanic ' Steamship
i.t ?7 60@9. Pacific States Trlegraph -and
Telephone continued ' to advance, selling up to
$100. .
The mining stocks were more active and the
north-end Comstocks sold higher. ■ Th* Tono
pahs showed no noteworthy change. • -
A total of $59.3S6 In dividends was paid dur
ing" November on oil stocks listed on the Cali-
fornia Stock .and Oil 'Exchange, making a
grand total to date of $5,600,206.
.The Onomea Sugar Company will pay a, reg-.
ular monthly dividend of 20c per shar* De
cember I S.IVUMVBMwMWBlHPMHrt
The Bunker Hill and Sullivan -. Mining ■ aod
Concentratinir 1 Company • has ■ declared dlrldend
Vo. 86 of $75,000. paj-abl« December I. • :
AUCTION SALES
£t* 2* fe
AT AUCTION.
80 Horses 80
By order of D. T.* SHIRK of Harney
County, OregDn.
I Will Sell
SO HEAD of CHOICE HEAVY BONE1>.
CKUNKT BUILT YOUNG HORSES direct
from his ranch; from 5 to 7 years old. from
10OO to 1300 lb*.
If you want good, serviceable young horse*
at your own prices, don't fall to attend this
sale.
8a!e take* p!ac# at the INTERNATIONAL
HORSE MARKET. TWELFTH and HARRI-
*SATURDAY. December 3. at 11 o'clock.
Sat* Rain or Shine.
This stock must and will be sold.
. »■ WATKIN9. Auction— T. .
AT AUCTION.
CONDEMNED FIRE DEPARTMENT HORSES
By order of Mayor E. E. Schmlta. '
1 will aell a lot of condemned Flr» Department
bones on Monday. December 5. at 11 o'clock.
at Grove street stable*. 122 Gtot« street. ■
_^ a WATKIN3. AucUonxr.
AUCTION SALE.
5O-HORSES-5O
First consignment of pur*- bred Peroharoa
Colts. Fllllca and Work Stock, also French
Coach Colts, from th« KLAMATH - COUNTY
LIVESTOCK COMPANY Or««on.
This lot consUU largely of Colt* and Fil-
lies, from 2 to 5 years old. weighing from 1400
to leoo Dounds. Several thorougbly broken,
pura-bred mares of perfect dtsoosttlon and
splendid conformation, as well aa work horaea
ranging up to 1600 pound*, being in this ship-
ment. Also six-year-old, thoroughly reined,
and raited . Saddl* Horse. Ho la handsome,
gentle and sound. ' ■ ' ■
This is a SDlendld lot of rood. neaT-bonad.
gentle-raised stock, not excelled by any on th*
Coast. Inspection of which Is specially rnvtted.
Sale.takea place
TUESDAY ETEWrNO. December 6. 1904.
At 7:45 O'clock Shan at Satesyard.
1733 MARKET ST.. NEAR VAX NESS A.VB..
San ■ Francisco. . "
FRED H. CHASK & CO.. »
Livestock Auctioneers.
Horse* at yard 8unday. Dec. 4.*. SEND FOR
CATALOGUE. No outsld* horses -will b» of-
fered, -r, .i"
Alpha* Consolidated Mining .Company t*»
levied an assessment of. 5c.
STOCK AXD BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAT. D«kx 2-^-2 »,. BU v .
. UNITED . STATES BOjfes. . £ V-^;.
Bid. Ask. I . . Bid. Aak.
4s qr coup..loev4106H!<s qr ej> n»w.iso%131>.*
4s qr reg...lOSUlC5«ii3s qr coup... 104 H —
MISCELLANEOUS BONI>S.
Ala A W Bs. — — jOeJc T Co 6».120% —
Asso Oil 6a. 83% — Do 5a 113V—
Bay CPC 8».101 103 | Do con 5a.lO3H —
Cal C O 6a. — 103 lOceanlc S 5s. 6ft —
Cal G & E g iOm Cable Cs. 123 125
m ft ct 5s. 82*i 83UlPac G fa k — —
Cal-st C 5s.ll* — |P E Ry 6s..lO»ii —
C C Wat 5s. — 90 |P 4 C H 6«.1O4 -1
EdL & P 6s. — 128 |P £ O R 6a. — —
F ft C H 6s.ll4*i — .Powell-st 6«. — —
Gear>--st 5».. 50 — (Sac EGAR5s.lOO 10OVJ
H C*S 6%s.lO3 — SF ft KJV.1a.119H —
Do 5s 100*4101 Sierra R. «s. — —
Hon R T 8».104H — S P of A 6s
L A dec 68.103 — | (19C9) 109 — -I
L A Ry 5a.. US 116%! (1910) 110 —
LALC06S— — |S P of C 81
Do gtd Cm. — — I (1905)Pr A. 101 — "
Do gtd 6s.lO24 — O905)Sr B. — 103%
LAP lem 5s.l00% — 1 <19O«> iot^ _
Mkt-st C 6A.M6 — H912) m£ —
Do lem 5s.ll6% — ISFC 1 eg 5s - ~— '
MV& MtT5s.lO5 110 I Do stampd.lOS 10SU
NRR of Cen.lOfiVilOfiHlS P B R 6S.134M —
Do 69 ....119^119%!S V Wat fs.104% — .
N P C R, 59.103% — Do 4s 2dni.lt'*> IOOU
N C Ry fls.. — — I Do- 4s 3dm. — —
N C P C 6s. — — I Do g mt*r4s 97H —
N S R R 5s. »3H W/ilStkn OAEtfa. 9.1 —
OG LAH 5s. — 110 |U G & E 5S.102H —
O W gtd 6s. — 10O |i;r of SF 4s. 87% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 33 I Port Costa. — —
Mario Co... — C&vllS V Wat Co. 30 — .
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent-L ft P. Sft — Is F O ft E. W»T53U
Mutual E L. 1094 U^IStkn G & E. — 5X4
Pac L Co... — 61 |U G ft E Co. — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fnd.312 — I
BANK STOCKS.
Am Ntl Bk.. — . 13T» it. P ft A 152
Anglo-Cal .. — 9<» liter Trust.... — 230
Bank of Cal. — 424 . IMerch Ex.... 50 —
Cal Safe Dp.153 — »S F National — —
First Natlonl — — I
SAVINGS BANKS.
Ger S ft L2C.10 — (Sav ft L So. . — 100
Hum S ft L, — — isec Sav Bk.. — 424
Mutual Sar. — 100 Union T Co.2S0O — • «.-
S F Sav U.610 673 I
STREET RAILROADS.
California'.. — 2OO | Presidio .....40 —
POWDER.
Giant 62H KJ^i'Vtgorit \.. .'.V— 44
SUGAR.
Hawaiian C. 74U 75 .IMakawell C 33, X3%
Honokaa S C 13^ 1» lonomea. S C. — -33
Hutch S P C 15>i 15Vi!Paauhau S C. 20% 21-
Kilauea S C. — ■ T 1 . . ■ / - :
MISCELLXNEOUS. 1
Alaska P A. S» 90 lOceanlc S Co.' 7H — ■
Cal F C A. — 99UlPac Aux FA. 4^ —
Cal Wine A. — 77H,IPac.C Borx.I57 —
MVft MtTm. 95 102 IPac S Tel Cal08!illO
SALES.
Morning Seaalon.
Board — .
10 Alaska Packers* Association.., 02 0O
10 Alaska Packers' , Association. . . 01 ©rf :
4O Alaska Packers* Association. . . »<> 09 •
6O Honokaa 8 Co. s 5.. » in 50
150 Hutchinson S P Co 15 12%4
50 Hutchinson S P Co............. 15 25
2S0 Makawell 33 00
25 Oceanic S3 Co 7 CO
5 Oceanic 8 S Co 8 00"
60 Paauhau S P Co 20 6O'
250 Paauhau S P Co 20 75
10 Pacific States Tel A Tel Co. .10000
200 8 F Ga ft Electric, b 00 53 SO
105 S F Gab ft Electric 55 0f>
30 Spring Valley Water Co....:. 89 ©O
110 Spring Valley Water Co Zi» 12ti
$10,000 United R R of 9 F 4 per cent. S7'62V4
Street— •
$1,000 S F. ft 8 J V 5 per cent 119 23 '
Afternoon Session.
Board — :
100 Alaska Packers' Assn. b 80. ... 90 00.
- 50 California Win* Association. . . 77 00
470 Hutchinson S P Co..... 15 25
155 Makawell 23 no
5O Oceanic S "S Co ft 0O
3 Oceanic S S C0...V 8 60.
70 Oceanic S S Co »,0O
50 Onomea Sugar Co. s 10 , 83 00 '
365 Paauhau S P Co ". 21 0<>
150 3 F Gas ft Electric. :.... 55 W
ICO 8 F Gas ft Electric, b 30 53 37U
50 8 F Ga* ft Electric, a 90 54 87 V»
50 Spring Valley Water Co .3»12>I
$2,000 Cal Gaa 4 El O M * C T 5a. « 15
$2,000 Hawaiian Coml ft Sugar fls... .im 00
$5,000 L A P R R lat con 5s 101 CO
$10,000 Loa Angeles Ry 5 per cent... 118 60
?50,OCO United R R of S F 4 per cent. 87 63S
Street—
475 Honokaa 3 Co '..'.. IS SO
$4,000 Los Angeles Ry 5 per cent.*. .US 50
$4.CC0 S P of Arizona 11009)..:...-. : 109 23
$3,0(X> United R R of 8 F 4 per cent. K7 tcu
$18,000 Northern Ry of Cal u per cent.119 50
Unlisted Securities.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Eld. Ask.
Bay CPC 6s. — 1C0HISF ft NP Ss.WZy, —
B L-Wat 6s. lWH'P-P C R 4». 9* 10H
Cal NW 5»..113 — |S P Co 4*^a. — 10O--«i
M C Wat Sb.IOO — ■ iSun Tel »is. . . 1 1 H-, —
RIs I Wks5« — 103 I Do 6s 10« —
SF Drdk 6a.ll2 — iSuttr-st R5s.lO4 —
MISCELLANEOUS
Ala S Co...-23«-i — !<3as Con A.". — ,20
Amer Bis Co — 80 'Mat Nav Co. 70 , —
Cal Cot Mils HO — ]Nev Nat Bk.20O —
Cal GftECor. M> — iN Cal. V Co. — Iff
C Jockey C1.110 — !Oak Bk Sav.l2O. —
Cal Powder.. 13O 145 . lOak .T Con.. 75 .—
Cal Ship Co. — 21 Moob- Hall A «^ —
Cal T I ft T — 153 lOrpheum Co.. — . 16?i
Cen Bk, Oak 6O- «7H!PacCCas Co. 125 j — ,
Chutes Co ..>5 6 IPac Sur Co. 105 _
City ft C Bit 7 — 120 iParaf-Palnt.. 35) —
fVp L Imp.. 6 «%!S -F Drydock. — ■ «3
East Dynrn? . — 57i ISFftSJ Coal. 17>4 2O
DptPwd pfd.,— 95 IS J Wat Co.lOrm; —
DoTcom ..4O — tSO A MTgbt.l2A —
F\ Bk. Oak.120 — (S o Pac Co..:' «3 :" —
Fischer Thtr — lHISwiss-A Bk..l2O —
Frnch-A Bk.lO« - [Truck Elect,. 11 VH*
Hom-P Co.. 2SH 3iHicR me P fd. - t*\
I>7pool ..28 31 1 Do com... 17 —
Mining Stocks.
SAN FRANCISCO STOCK EXCHANGE. •".
FollowlnB were th* sales on 1 the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday :-
Morning Session — Comstocks.
100 Andes ". : 24| 500 Overman ' .....'/ 13
. ioo Caledonia .- ■ ■ « l otcm \ " V*
100 Chollar ..... Im .!0« Potosl , . 1«
600 Con Cal ft V.I S3. 200 Savage ....;.. 29
!»<><* Crown Point:. l«f'3W Savage 30
ioo O>>uld ft Cur. 221 J W Sierra. Nev.:.; 4<»
S«» Hale A Norc.l 10 30O Silver HIU.'... ♦«
2C0 HaU . ft Norcl 1 3- I C<. Utah. ..--..... «S
70«» Mexican 1 23T1400 Union Con *9
600 Ophtr ........2 &0{ 100 Union. Ctm.... • 60
Continued . on ; Pagfe Fourteen. •*'
1516
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BbsSssSBBBBBSb
X H E
38 and 40 THIRD STREET.
opznr all xxghet. psozrz: bttbh 51.
LARGEST CUT-RATE DRUG
STORE IN THE CITY.
SPECIAL SALE EVERY WEEK
DUFFY'S MALT WHISKEY" H O n
The only genuine Daffy. i £Aj
CASTORIA, FLETCHER'S 9Qp
The old standard. AJOVj
HERFIODE 7O n
"WacKEZ^ZIFS KOLA CELERY COMPOUND. ... f* K p
For the nerves. Takeitnorr. \JO\j
BATH CABINETS, QUAKER <PQ CA
CANADA MALT WHISKEY QC rt
Full quart bottles. The finest, OOt
PC^OUS PLASTERS, AMERICAN 9Hp
DoaUe strength and extra large. 3 for 50c.
PACKER'S TAR SOAP.. 1 5C
CHEST PROTECTORS A()p
Finest quality. TPV/Lf
PABST MALT EXTRACT (the best tonic), per bottle O fl p
Made in Milwaukee. Lowest price yet. 3 for 50c. *<vt
Our Prescription Department is only handled by thorouarh.lT compe-
tent irraduates In pharmacy. Phone us ana we will call for your pre-
scription.
C%> l-JJ J>il Ll\1 »lt>> ti/LU
TO GIVE EXTERTADOEEXT
Flay to Native Tongue and Dances In
National Costume Will
j. Be Features.
The Swedish Ladies' Society of San
Francisco will hold its ninth annual
entertainment and ball this evening at
Turn Verein Hall, 253 Turk street.
The feature of the affair will be a one
set play in Swedish by A. F. Bran
sttdt. The following will take part in
it.: Harry Wentzer. H. Meyer. Miss
Agnes Lundgren and Mrs. Fred John
eon.
- The rest of the programme consists
of: Overture, by the orchestra: address
at welcome, by Mrs. H. Pearson, presi
.<lfnt of the society; comic selections,
by H. Meyer; vocal solo. Lillian
Eyrnes. accompanied by Mrs. P. O.
Peterson: old Swedish lancers, by
e»ght couples in Swedish costume.
APVEKTISE3IEXTS.
THE OLD RELIABLE
DAI Ull I
ESTABLISHED 18T5.
(132-38 Market St. 25-27-29 Turk St.
KO PHONE ORDERS TAKEN' ON SPECIAL
i • SALE DATS.
SPECIAL SALE
. . EVERY EATCRDAT.
Shoulders of spring lamb, per ib...0e
rtoREQUARTERS OF SPRING LAMB, per
lb 7c
HINDQUAHTERS of SPRING LAMB, per
• *fc lOc
JTUatE RIB ROAST BEE$\ per Ib 12%c
CHOICE ROAST BEEF, per lb...lOc and 8c
CORNED BEEF (the best), per Ib ..6c
BOAST PORK, per Ib 9c
I*EGS OF PORK, per lb lie
OfolCE EASTERN SUGAR CURED
HAMS, per Ib l^Hc
EEtECTED EASTERN SUGAR CURED
BACON, per lb 16e
STVEET PICKLED PORK SPARE RIBS.
'Per »*> 8c
BIRLOIN STEAK, per lb ISHe
Porterhouse steak, per ib is c
"TfcU i« a.11 that choice Oregon Btock. Bett«r
than can be found in any other market In the
. Fre Dellvwy to All Parta of the City.
. much UMKER IS WANTED.— The Manu-
farturer* 1 and Producer«* Association has just
received frrm the Inthmian Canal Commission
•.the forms of proposal for 3.100.000 feet of lum-
ber to be used In the construction of the rreat
waterway. Prospective bidders may obtain the
necessary specifications at the association^
•rooir.B in the Merchants* Exchange building.
!.. -
,.. .To-Day . .. W®-$
I'M We Will Continue Our
I Sale of Misses' [^M
Children s Coats ° i- .p
\\ (Size* 2 to 16 years) .«• ., '•$!$&
lljj Hundreds of Styles lo Choose From. i'-'%' w'%\
UK. tJUJLiES 5I3IOX MAY BE
PCT ON* THE HEALTH BOARD
wen Denned Humor Current That
Physician Will Be Selected to
Succeed Stinson.
a rumor is current to the effect that
Dr. Jules Simon is a 6trong candidate
for the vacancy in the membership of
the Board of Health created by the re
cent resignation of Dr. J. C. Stinson.
Simon was at one time professor on
nervous diseases .in the old Toland
Medical College. He has made a spe
cial study of such diseases and is a man
of standing in the profession. His ap
pointment appears to be favorably
considered by the present political
powers. It is said that there are very
few applicants for the place, which is
witnout salary
as .aiayor Schmitz Is at present in
the southern part of the State with his
wife, who is not in good health, the
appointment will probably not be made
until his return, which will be in about
a week.
xne Fretuest Yet
Are me snapes and finish of our new
frames. Exquisite designs in oval,
square and odd shapes, finished in dead
black, grays and browns, with the dain
tiest gold top ornaments; also many
beautiful patterns in sold, gilt lacquers
and gold bronzes. Sanborn. Vail &. Co.
741 Market street. •
wants to Clear Calendar.
Some da.ys ago Judge Cook ordered '
that all cases on the reserve calendar J
of his court be placed on the regular
calendar yesterday. As there are hun
dreds of them, dating back as far as
the time the court came into existence,
it was found impossible to have them *
ready for yesterday and the Judge has ;
continued the time till December 17. i
H*- wants to see if there is any reason
why many of them should not be
dropped. j
. . . —■ » ■
To Your Advantage.
Don't wait until the last moment if
you desire to select diamonds, watches
or Jewelry for holiday presents. Now is
the time to see the full assortment, be
fore the rush begins, a. Andrews' Dia
mond Palace. 221 Montgomery st. •
STOCKHOLDERS LIABLE.—The Flnst Na- ■
tional Bank of San Jose yesterday BUJd the In
dividual owner* of SSOO chares in Porter Broth
er» f Company.' bankrupt, for their respective
liability for f30.108 7*. balance due on a
lo«n of $35,000 made In January. 1903. In the
bankruptcy settlement the bank gx>t only
To negrlect the hair Is to lo*e youth and come
liness. Save it with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Parker's Ginger Tonic cures Inward pain. *
WANT SALESMAN* ARRESTED.— A war- '
rant was secured In Police Judge Fritz's court
yesterday for the arrest of A. C. McCready
on a charge of misdemeanor embezzlement :
He had been employed as a salesman for a i
few days by Getz Bros. A Co.. lfl California
street, and Is accused of embezzling; $7. it is
said there are other amounts.
A Cousrh will be Quickly relieved by Plso's
Cure for Consumption. 25c •
■ ♦ »
SHAKESPEARE A BANKRUPT. — James
Fhakeepcare. Southern Pacific trainmaster at
Tracy, filed a petition In insolvency yesterday
in the United Stales District Court. He owes
?1920 and has no af sets.
.THE , SAN FRANCISCO CALL, V SATURDAY; DECEMBER: 3; 1904
SAYS FORTUNE
IS CONCEALED
Heir of Robert's. Baker i Ac
cuses Widow of, Misappro
priating Rich Property
| HIS SHARE IS SMALI
Charges That Aunt Defraud
ed. Him of Sheep, Horses
Securities and Building
A fortune, real or phantom, that flit
ted through the Los Angeles probate
court eight years ago is being pursued
by Willlam-H. Baker, a nephew ol Rob
ert S. Eaker and heir-at-law to a oue
thirty-slxth interest in his estate. When
Robert Baker died at Los Angeles in
j?'H he was reputed to be a multi-mil
j llonaire. When his estate was dis
{ tributed, in June, 1896, there was only
j $65,500 to be portioned among the claim
ants. The nephew was surprised at the
smallness of his uncle's fortune, but he
did not become suspicious until two
years ago, when he began an investiga
! tion, which culminated yesterday in a
j suit against his aunt, Arcadia 13. de
Baker, for an accounting. The com
plaint was filed by his attorneys, Henry
j H. Davis and John D. Whaley.
: The heir says that Charles H. Forbes,
I who died In September, 1900, was the
confidential agent and manager for
Baker from 1877 until the latter's death,
and afterward, upon the wodow waiv
i ing her rights, became administrator of
j Baker's estate. Under Forbes' .admin
i istration, it is charged, 2143 shares of
. California Oil Works stock in Baker's
I name were declared to have been held
t in trust for Mrs. Baker and were
turned over to her. It is also alleged
; that Baker built the Baker block, on
I North Main and Arcadia streets, Los
| Angeles, at a cost of $250,000, but Mrs.
J Baker, claiming that she had put up
the money for the building, got the
j property. It is said, too, that many
I thousand sheep and a number of horses
were sold by Baker just before his
death and the proceeds were appro
priated by his widow, as were numer
ous shares of Los Angeles gas stock.
The plaintiff says that his first inti
mation of the condition of affairs came
! to him from a man named Cram, in
j San Francisco, . who remarked, "You
' | are worth thousands upon thousands
I and do not know it." Then John T.
I Houx, a local lawyer, told him that no
! one but Forbes and Mrs. Baker knew
. i how much Baker was really worth.
! And finally Frank Freeman, husband
! of a niece of Baker. Informed him
I that Forbes had burned all books and
i accounts of his management of the
i Baker estate just before his death.
The heir now charges that Mrs.
i Baker and Forbes systematically and
■ fraudulently concealed property of
| great value from the estate, and he de
'■ manda an accounting of all her acts
, and those of Forbes that she may
j know of.
SHOOTING AT THE MOON.
Relative of Aged Mrs. Baker Says
Husband Had No Estate
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 2.— Notice of
the suit filed in San Francisco against
Mrs. Arcadia de Baker has not been
received here, nor has there been any
service of summons. Mrs. Baker
lives at Santa Monica and is so old
that she is relieved of practically all
the cares incident to the management
of her large property. Her brother,
Mr. Bandini of Pasadena, who looks
after her interests, said to-night that
he knew nothing about any suit hav
ing been filed. Another relative, who
assists him. said:
"Charles H. Forbes was Mrs.
Baker's aeent. He has been dead
nearly five years and his agency has
been settled finally, approved by court
and is closed. The estate of Robert
Baker has been settled nearly ten
years. In the settlement Mrs. Baker
gave up much of her own property to
the heirs. The fact is, her husband
had no separate estate, but she treated
his heirs with great generosity."
Mrs. Baker Is one of the most
widely known women in Southern
California. She is related by blood or
marriage to nearly all the old Span
ish families., She Inherited her large
fortune from her father and possesses
much property throughout the county.
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE
HOLDS MONTHLY MEETING
President Will Be Urged to Appoint
Pacific Coast Man on Interstate
Commerce Commission.
At a meeting of the trustees of the
Chamber of Commerce held yesterday
resolutions were adopted favoring the j
appointment of a Pacific Coast man
to the position on the Interstate Com
merce Commission about to be made
vacant by the retirement of J. D. Yoe
mans. A memorial on this subject
will be sent to President Roosevelt,
and the coast delegation in Congress
will be requested to urge the desired
appointment. No particular man has
thus far been advanced as a candidate
for the position.
Other resolutions were adopted fa
voring an appropriation for dredging
a channel from. the bay to Brooklyn
Basin, requesting the California dele
gation at Washington to work for an
appropriation for improving the har
bor at Honolulu and to assist in hav
ing Yosemite Valley re-ceded to the
Government, and favoring the estab
lishment of a Pacific Coast branch. of
the . National Arbitration Conference.
The deaths ot Samuel Goldstein and
Sigmund Feuchtwanger, former mem
bers of the chamber, were officially
announced. •
IVill Start Health Museum.
Health Officer Ragan proposes to
Install a museum in the main office of
the Health Department containing ex
hibits of the work done by health de
partment in the Eastern . cities, the
Agricultural Department at Washing
ton, D. C, and the United States Public
Health and Marine Service/ Speci
mens of bacteriological, pathological'
and laboratory work in -this city will
also be placed on display and an op
portunity afforded physicians to study I
the exhibits. , Pamphlets containing
information on the work described will
also be put In the museum.
Plasterer's Son Missing.
Frank Price, the 18-year-old son .of
Chomas H. Price, a plasterer,', has been
nissing since Wednesday '.. night "and
yesterday his father-had fears that he
lad been shanghaied. , Detective": Cody,,
nade a thorough : Investigation of ; - the
rase and in ; company with . the ■ parent
risited all of , the outgoing ships<, In Uhe
larbor.' The boy was on board none of
hem and the supposition of the police
s now ; that ; he J has; either run 'away
'rom home or : that : he is about town
.vith friends.
The overworked Eye, 'faded. Bye, ->ed
and' inflamed Eye,*. Eye ; that • needsV care,"
relieved .by, Murine Eye Remedy.'' •
BRANDON C LARK
IS FOUND DEAD
Companion on a Duck Shoot
ing Expedition Discover $
Body at the Edge of Pone
CAUSE IS A MYSTERY
It Is Believed He Was At
tacked With Heart Dis
ease and Fell Iiito Watei
The body of Brandon Clark, who for
many years had been well and favor
ably known among the-,, local play-
I' houses and concert halls, was found at
the | edge c-f a marsh on the shooting
.grounds of the West .End Club near
j Mount Eden yesterday .afternoon. The
cause of his death is unknown,- but it
' is presumed that he was overcome with
I vertigo and fell face downward in the
mud and water. There was no sign of
a struggle, so the supposition is that
he never regained consciousness after
i falling.
j Clark, in company .with Frank W.
I Treat, started on a shooting trip
I Thursday night, leaving this city on
I the 11:45 boat. They arrived at Mount
j Eden at about 3:45 yesterday morning,
I and at 6 o'clock set out their decoys
and wen; into- their respective "blinds."
I Sport was very poor and at about 10:30
• the two had breakfast together agree
ing to meet at 4 o'clock in the after-
I noon. The last seen of Clark alive was
at 3 o'clock, when Treat - noticed him
: gathering in his decoys. At 4 o'clock
j Treat started to walk along the shore
: toward Clark's blind and midway be
; tween the two shooting boxes found
his friend lying face downward in the
, shallow water. He pulled the body
( up on the shore but life was extinct.
; Treat says that Clark could not have
.been killed by an accidental shot as
• neither fired their guns after partaking
; of their morning meal. Clark seemed
'• to be in the be3t of health and spirits.
• Clark was about 34 years of age and
j a widower, his wife having died about
; eighteen months ago. For many years
; he has been\engaged in the business of
i supplying ushers to theaters and for
concerts. He had an enviable reputa
ticm for reliability and integrity, the
atrical managers relying implicity on
I his word. Up to a late hour last night
the body had not been brought to Oak
land.
Califoniians»In New York.
NEW YORK, Deo. 2.— The following
Californians arrived in New York to
day:
From San Francisco— Miss G. Boyle,
at the West; P. J. Kelly, at the Hoff
man House; J. F. Burslein.: at the Cri
terion; B. W. Goodwin and wife, at
the. Everett; J. E. Manlove and wife,
at the Breslin..
From Santa Ana— F. O. Daniel, at
the Astor House.
■ From Los Angeles— O. C. Durgen, at
the Broadway: Central; Mrs. F. E
Hentz and J. W. Zallee, at the Ven
dome.
-MARKS'. BROS.
THAT ARE
Cone Before the Best Are Gone,
JEWELED BACKCOMBS | C n
25c kind — to-day . . . . I3u
Just 200 of them. All best 25c values.
WARNER'S RUST-PaOOF COR- Qc n
SETS...... ...... 35C
You'll pay $1.25 for the Corset any-
where e/«9. Extended hip with
hose supporter attached.
Another one of our SENSATIONAL
SALES of Point Venetian and Oriental
Stocks and Embroidered Over' Collars.
Only 50 ""dozen in this lot— enough to
last just about HALF THE DAT, and
EARLY COMERS GET THEM.
All in 2 Big Lots at:
Lot I, lOc Lot 2, 15c
They're 25c and 35c valuer.
BIG SALE OF HAND BAGS
75c kinfr to-day - 50c
$1.25 kind,' id-day 95c
Here's the Hosiery we're going to
sell you to-day:
CHILDREN'S HOSE, I5c | A/>
■ kind...'........./ RFC
WOMEN'S LACE HOSE, off •>
35c kind........; Zt*G>
BIG SALE OF
HOLIDAY RIBBONS
If Cp Taffeta Wash Ribbon, 2 inches
H I J U wide, 10c value.
MQp Luster Taffeta Wash Ribbon,
00 3 inches wide. 12}4c value.
Ml flfi Satin Taffeta Wash. Ribbon.
JUb 3 % inches wide, 15c kind.
M I O I / p Heavy Taffe to Wash Rib-
Hl lL/2[i bon;4 in. wide, 20c kind.
A t ; I K A ; Cushion Ribbon, 3% inches
HI IJb wide; 25c kind.
. Don't Miss Mm Sale of HOLIDAY ■.-..
HANDKERCHIEFS:
At lOc, I2c, I5c, I7c,;25c and 35c
We will give FREE with every pur-,
chase of %■ dozen '^ Handkerchie.s a
Fancy
SILK FOUR-IN-HAND TIES -25c 1 7 n
kind—Tb-da//........^... I 1.1/
Colors Green,? Burnt Orange. Golden
Brown. Navy and Light: Blue, Red and
Black. . ' -,'Z"- ■■'■■ '■■'■■■■'
MARKS BROS.
iVThe Home of Honest Values,"
1220-1224 MARKET STREET.
DECLINE OFFER
OF STONE ARCH
Park Commissioners Tliinl
Exhibition Stonework Is
Not Sufficiently Artistic
PRINTING BIDS GO OVEE
Special Meeting Called foi
Friday, December 9, tc
Consider the Contracts
State Mineralogist Lewis E. Aubury
believed the Park Commissioners '
would pay the cost of moving the!
stcne arch in the California exhibit at
the St. Louis Exposition to San Fran- '
Cisco. Mr. Aubury -Tid the Park Com- j
missioners could have the arch Lf •
| they would 'pay the freight on the \
\ stones of which it is built over the !
2000 miles of railroad. j
But the arch will not grace any of ;
the entrances to Golden Gate Park, for
the Commissioners were not inclined -
to take the matter under serious con-
I sideratlon. Upon each and ever- stone '.
. of the structure is the carved adver- |
tisement of the quarry from which the
rock was dug and, this proved to be'
the undoing of the proposition. The .
| arch was declined with thanks. ;
. The meeting of the commission was \
'called at 2 o'clock in the office of
| President A. B. Spreckels. Those pres- j
j e-nt were Commissioners Cummings, !
Dingee, Lloyd, Sullivan . and Mr. ;
Spreckels in the chair. After dispos- '
ing of the minutes of the last meet
ing the report of Superintendent John
McLaren was read and approved. The
report mentioned the recent Improve- i
ments of Bell Tower Hill and the
building of a pheasantry that will add
la new attraction to the city's big play
j ground. • The domicile of the raoun
• tain quail that Mr. Lloyd donated has
I been placed in good shape for the
gamey birds that will inhabit it. It was
! shown in the report that : the man '
I Flood, who said he had lost his posi
tion because of having reported to the
commission the act of a policeman In
shooting at an elk in the paddock, had
been relieved from duty by his em
ployer for other reasons. Flood
claimed financial sympathy for his al- •
leged martyrdom. . j
THE ARCH AGAIN. !
The secretary's report showed the '
receipts, and disbursements for No
i vember and after its reading State
i Mineralogist Aubury was introduced
and told of the California arch. The
| expense of dismantling apd shipping,
I together with the cost of re-erecting
j the arch here, would cost about $1000.
j Commissioner Sullivan said that he
thought that an arch that would not
be disfigured by advertisements and
! which would be built of various stones
I quarried in different parts of the State
would be ornamental, but he did not
favor the proposition before the board.
,Piesident Spreckels agreed with Com- ;
missioner Cummings that the structure
would be.too much of a patchwork af
fair to be artistic. '
A communication from the Calif or- '
nia. Association of Chauffeurs, request
ing that less stringent regulations be
adopted regarding the running of au- i
tomobiles through the park at night, •
. was read and filed. v t
j The beautiful painting. "The Break- !
. ing Ground," by Rosa Bonheur, which .
1 had bee- purchased through the ef
1 forts of «s. Mary Morse Green, was
• accepted for the park museum. j
! J. M. Kyle, on behalf of the new '
; Stockton High School, wrote to request
I the assistance of the commission in
| planting its High School park. Slips of
plants and young trees . were needed, I
; and from the nurseries at Golden Gate
I Park donations would be thankfully
; received by the citizens of the mill
. city. The request was referred to Su
j perintendent McLaren, with power to
'act.
; The Pacific Coast Forest, Fish and
: Game Association communicated a de
' sire for the support of the commission
! in the first forest, fish and game exhlbi
' tion, to be held in this city from Feb
ruary 21 to March 12 next. Received
! and filed. ;
! Representatives of the printing con-!
■ cern6 that have. r>ut in f bids for the ;
I right to produce the Park News were
I heard regarding their claims to do the ,
(work. The firm of Phillips, Smyth & i
I Van Orden has dissolved partnership,
• Smyth withdrawing. The original firm
j was the highest bidder, and Quirk &
f Co., in the same building with .the firm
• first mentioned, second highest! A con
troversy has arisen over charges
t brought by Smyth that there are too
[close relations between Quirk and his
i neighbors. Other bidders, including
(Smyth, who is now in business for
j himself, are anxious to submit figures.
An investigation of the claims and
i counter claims of interested persons
j will be made and all concerned will- be
• heard at a special meeting of the board
to be held next Friday evening at 8
o'clock in a room on the half-floor of
the Palace Hotel.
DR. D'AN'COXA COMPLAINS.
Complaint by Dr! D'Ancona of the
use of the bicycle path -by pedestrians
will be referred to the park police, with
instructions to zmCa stop to the prac
tice.
Hugo Greenhood offered to lend the
museum a collection of 1000 coins for an
indefinite period. The matter was re
j ferred to Commissioner Cummings, with
power to act if the acceptance of the
I offer does not include the acceptance of
responsibility for the collection.
i The contract for furnishing 3600 feet
of i ten-inch castiron pipe for the new
reservoir near Strawberry Hill was. let
to the Crane Company at $40 per ton.
The other bidder was Christian Frolich,
f 43 48 per ton.
Superintendent McLaren will investi
gate the suggestion of persons living on
the park panhandle that two "conve
nience • stations be .built on the pan
handle. ■ The Commissioners favor one
The superintendent was instructed to
have made a foot path on • the north
Bide of the south drive leading to
Strawberry Hill.
Employes of the museum were : or
dered to remove their exhibits of curios
from the : building, as ln N Commissioner
Cummings' belief they have been giv
ing too; much attention to their private
property and! somewhat neglecting the
city's exhibits.
Commissioner Lloyd presented ..the
museum .with -a -.set .'of .the new Philip
pine coins' that have just been turned
out of ; the Philadelphia ; mint and are
not yet in general circulation:
The meeting. then adjourned.
flJgli Priced Architect Wanted.
- The "United ' States Civil ; Service
Commission announces an examiha
.tlon 'for December 2 8 for. the position
of architect In the ' War ■ Department:
Salary, $5000 peri annum. Age limit.
SO years ! or*, over. -Apply, to the-Unit
ed b States , Civil : Service "Commission,
Washington," D. ; C. or to the secretary
of the board of civil service examiners,
postofflce.'t San - Francisco,', for ■ applica
tion form .. 304 % and form, v
which • should 5 be'; properly -'.: executed
and filed with the commission at
Washington.
. . * HATjK'S. _- ■ ] ' - HALE'S.
Hale's Open To-Night and every Saturday night till
Christmas for the convenience of holiday shoppers.
300 $5.00 Trimmed Hats
_At $1.85— To-Day First
It's an extraordinary millinery opportunity. Splendid hats,
* every shape, every style, trimmed with velvet, silk and plumes,
and every kind of trimming; no two hats alike.
It's an opportunity that means 300 women will get splendid new
winter hats and will pay less for them than the cost of the. trimming:
on some of them. We are getting things ship-shape for winter.
We'll Trim Children's Hats Free To-Day
Girls' Dresses at $ 1 .5 0
Splendid Surprise To-Day
That will please mothers and little girls as much as it pleases us
to be able to offer them. •
They*ro in the Russian blouse style, _,
red, blue and brown mixtures, warm -JF-\
winter weight garments, with pored
skirts, puff sleeves. Collar. belt. tc ' if^^^jS-.
cuffs and blouse trimmed with contrast- -* - 5 ■^*'T3Br
ing material. Sizes to tit plrls of 6. 8, 10. t3f^K%&
12 and 1* years. Price S1.50. It'3 an- »£»£».
other tribute to Hale merchandising:, to \ *93i&
the rapidity with which this Hale girls' *-**£V$fi
Store Is growing.
Some $5.00 dresses in different mate- i^^^T^S,
rials and styles to fit girls of from 6 to 14 f\ © ©T^f YV
years are equally interesting. Here are /! l» I 1 U
More Wooltex Coats (J £ '-Wft \
To=Day \J*j^ HW
The same sturdy styles that have ] -W jUls^flSf
been making such a stir in San Fran- Jj®/| l^I^tiA
cisco this winter by merit, for they're *£5?/,| S I j B \S \\
made of all-wool materials (guaran- 1/ Hllij'i R \\ \ \
teed to be), perfectly tailored and fin- Jl !|j |l B v|jL=^
■ Take These Collarlesa Coats at S7^O— j%Xk&
Lone tourist styles as swell and modish wl <$&<Sk
as the swagger coats for women that are Kf .JSpg^
the thing. Perfect girlish styles in iM J3^5>
Scotch tweeds, inverted plait down the S*SF^' >
back, double-breasted front, leg o* mut- «fi
ton sleeves: turnover cuffs, lap pockets. iiA#
trimmed with velvet and silk. Ages 6 AHr
to 14 years. $7.50. §r
Other coats in kersey. 810.00.
Another Winning Picture
Douglas Hilliker wins $5.00 to-day. He is 13 years old and
lives at 1201 Bush street, city. We have reproduced his picture
this morning so you can see how easy it is to earn $5.00.
Whe»SanBiClwaite«ilI«b*r J w st "£
—- — -— . r-"t> - i." j. tui/A I -r Santa Claus and write
tf^Tgj. feS- HEPOCS AtONC£:tor^0CdSbrr a four-line verso and
>^62?5 V~Z** fe. - "*" P» gen< J J t t£> U8 tQ.^y,
OtTLT^ (eXirtii A 1 * Jt jH **-f But read over the con "
i^mJ&SS*"1 MMSThLVUXlhlftfl \CV XW ditions printed in laat
'^fflRn&Sr'cl^ * Sunday's papers and
)c?\/ •f-fi.,3 .V-ftrVr if* uaiA^k be Bure and 8tIck to
1^1 I 'fLJi™ ' '"*(*' " ' Ar9/ASA. them.
Sj/3vj*"^j^ . ■ wc e^ are e< i- e
— f/¥*^\~" ' don't want them fold-
W$^-\i^ . '////.' , ed. Some are in pen-
S» "^^^F*w* c^* and they must be
- jt -at a -^Tf'^ . ' _ / _#, _/-/ In black ink. Draw
Genuine Ebony Santa Claus marches his force to-day
--. „ . .rf.«^r> under the leadership of a
Hair Brush at $1.00 *-., 1n . ., y n i _ n
It's a price that means much at 17#-Inch Doll ft 79c
any time, but means more now . It J s a regular $1.25 doll, with bisc
than at any other time— Christmas J iead ». c y es th ? c °P en and cl^se,
—three weeks. This would be a «««">«« mouth, dressed in fancy
splendid gift for any one. chemise, lace stockings and patent
Besides a little sample line of im- leather slippers. 17% in. doll at
ported brushes at $1.00, average half 79c to-day; third floor,
price. Many of them military brushes. Stuffed Animal* ' 80— Regular 25c
,.2 f w th ? m wlth s P lendld bristles and value; stuffed with felt, with little
solid backs. around their necks. . Dogs.
Hair Brush at $1.25 — S rows of real cats, rabbits, etc.
bristles, extra size, ebony back. Meciaalcal Train, 95o— 6-lnch engine
Splendid brush at 81.35. and tender combined, with good
Triplicate Mirror, 81.00 — It's a large spring: two passenger coaches and 6
. sized one. with good glass, fancy sections of heavy track. 95c to-day.
back and frame. It's as handsome
as an ornament as it is useful. ~~ ~—^~~^
Powder and Bonbon Boxes, 82.35 — Of >-,. , . . ' _i - •
Bohemian glass, handsomely deco- Give a useful gtft—a Hale glove
rated. Smaller sizes at 25c and 5Oc nrrier> A zr *tamh mill t*h* it „«...
Atomizers. 50c— Of Bohemian glass. ol * acr * f* ™ stamp will take it any-
with covered bulbs; many pretty de?- where zvilA your Utter. Redeemable
.Btf&t Perfume. 35c-A wJcker basket. " "* o/HaVs California stores.
with two bottles of violet -perfume. ___
Pocket Comb, 10c — In burnt leather t^/CC^^Sy *SS7
•Whisi' Broom. 50c — With bone handle. /XfT~7£r/ *iZrzr&t J&7^ 4G3&
in handsome burnt leather holder. /Iff J**/ gc^y gg^g
Isle of Wisrht Perfumes, 25c— Regular- JB — r — "^^^
ly 50c; in fancy cartons. *****>*& -*^
Toilet Water. 15c— 1-ounce bottle of __ , „ „
Woodland violet. Market Street, Near Sixth. S. F.
PERSONAL.
Dr. R. W. Schoenle of Seattle is at
the Palace.
Dr. A. C. Thorpe of Los Angeles Is
3taying at the Palace.
• G. I* Rickards, a mining man of
3oldfleld, Is at the Palace.
J. L. Stuart arid wife of New Or
leans are at the Occidental.
R. B. Burns, chief engineer of the
Santa Fe road, is at the Palace.
Pantaln John Cross. th«» Tvv» A no-el*-
-aJlroad promoter, is at the Palace. :
E. • Cook, a wealthy contractor Of
Vancouver, and his family are guests
J. R. Hayes, a prominent hotel man
of Detroit, who is interested in mines
In this State, is a guest at the Palace.
F. H. Newell.' Morris Bien and J. B.
Ldpplncott of the United States Geo
logical Survey are registered at the St.
Francis. \
George Crocker, -who has been in
Southern California for several days,
returned yesterday and is at the St.
Francis.
. Edear M. Sheehan, W. E. Gerber
,-■* ADVERTISEMENTS.
GHIRARDELLI'S
_ ■ •
of DalntQ ChocolQte, | JPSIs^lL''
and Louis Breuner of Sacramento
were among yesterday's arrivals at
the Palace.
P. L. Flanigan, a capitalist and for
mer State Senator of Nevada, is down
from Reno and registered at th«» Oranrt
Bit of Paner Betrava Trim
The discarding of a piece of paper
on Friday by W. J. Smith on Third
street led to his arrest on the charge
of burglary. Smith was seen by Of
ficer Cameron to throw a slip of paper
on the sidewalk on Third street The
policeman picked up the discarded
slip and found it contained a list of
horses entered on the race track. On
being questioned as to where he got
the paper Smith said he found it in
front of "Bill" Dolan's cigar stand
at 37 Third street. An investigation
led to the discovery that a box con
taining $2 and this slip of paper had
been abstracted from a box in Dolan's
place. The officer charged S/nith with
burelarv.
CLASS DANCE. — The rraduatlnr clan of
:lie Commercial High School will slva a dance
it Golden Gate Hall Monday night. The
iffair is in charg* of George Warren. Stanley
Pllta. Bert Crowley. Paul Hammond and Louis